O 
1 
O 'M. 
• e Sunday star: 

'+/ 
- • ; • ' * •-••"•'••-.^•• 

Forecast 

Partly cloudy Snlurday becoming folr Sa- 

 turday night. Continued warm days. Defafls. 
Page SA. 

FRIDAY'S TEMPERATURES 

THE SATURDAY 

/ a. t! o.in 
9 a m 

1o a m. /s 
H a m , 83 tJoon 
83 

1 Dm, fll 
2 D.m, 84 

. 

1 n.ni 
6 p.m 
7 O.rn 

^ O.m. 8o 
1o p.m. 71 
11 pm. 
?S 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

SPORTS 
FINAL 

SATURDAY APRIL 13, 1974 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

Paul 
Thompson 
Ordinance 
Needed 

Beatrice 
Tristan, 

 manager of El Aztcca 
Mexican restaurant at 
1oo9 Donaldson, had a tough experience with the service station! next door toward noon'i yesterday... and the day before that. 

Scorns Ihc station, selling gas 

 at attractive prices this week, bus been drawling cars in .such numbers Itiat they slack up in tlie street outside El Azteca restaurant. 

''My lunch customers can't 

 get in to park," said Mrs. 
Tristan. "And I don't see why bargain hunters for gas should be allowed to do that to us." 

Taking it up with the service 

 station manager did about as much good, she said, as laying her complaint on city \x>licc. 

"Nobody came, nobody 

 helped me, and nobody sug- gested I was going to get help any time soon — ever." 

In the fuel pinch, it's 

 increasingly difficult to keep service stations with below-par gas rates from jamming traffic and obstructing commerce in their immediate area. 

The station owners make a 

 very good buck — at the ex- pense ot adjoining business places, 
- . • -• 

"Where's the protection we 

 pay for?" said Mrs. Tristan. 
"If the stations won't pay someone to direct traffic... to keep openings In those car lines so 'OUR patrons can get 

 through... shouldn't Ihc city pass a law and scud in the police in our behalf?" 

Coincidence 

Forty-one-year-old attorney 

Pliil Pickelt, running against incumbent S. Benton Davies for 
County Court-at-Law No. 3, will naturally be presiding over a bunch of drunk driving cases 
If he wins. 

That makes what happened 

 at III 35 and Durango SI. 
Thursday night all the more 

 odd. 

The portly Picked himself, it 

 seems, was arrested and charged with DWl. 

The city cop flagged down 

I'ickctt's car that night after spotting a traffic Infraction, or what seemed to be. a traffic infraction. 

While discussing it with 

Pickett. Ihc cop detected signs of what he called "the subject's inebriation," and the DWI 
'charge followed. 
" Like any sensible attorney - or layman, for that matter — 
Picfcett refused In take a brealli-a-lyzcr test. 

\ priest is 

 tevei* by love 
THIS SUNDAY 
YOU WILL GET 
THESE AND SCORES 
OF OTHER GREAT 
STORIES, FEATURES, 
PUZZLES, GAMES 
AND LOTS MORE 
IN YOUR BIG 
*Sfar 

BIG FULL-COLOR POSTER 
OF HAMMERIN' HANK 
AARON 

AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW 
WITH PRINCESS 
GRACE 

A WALKING 
HISTORY OF THE 

FAMOUS 
MURDERS 

IN SAN ANTONIO 

STARTING IN INSIGHT 

IS SOMETHING FOR EVERYBODY IN 
THE SUNDAY 

Pacers Beat Spurs 

See Story 
Page IB 

Is Freed 

 pi 

Good Morning! 

In Today's Express 

Action/Express... Gli 
Astrology 
6B 

 lirldgc 
7B 

Cattle Clatter 
6li 

Clmrch News .... 6.7C 
Comics 
6B.7IVIC 

Cook, Dan 
IB 

Crosswords.... 7B.4C 
Deaths 
SC 

" ICditorials........ 1oA 

(ioldrn Twins.. 1-111) 

EXPRESS-NEW 

12-Year-Old 
Youth Jailed 

Kiiulrick, Sam lenders, Ami 
Mini Pages.. 
Nnllcirro ,,., 
Scene 
Sports 
Television ,,, 
Theaters.... 
Thosleson... 
Want Ads... 

... GA 
.... '1C 
15-lGI) 
,... 7B 
...2-KI 
,. 1-5B 
.... 5C 
17-191) 
.... 711 
.. 1-9K 

We alhcr 
9A 

Today's Chuckle 

Money may nol make yon happy, 1ml it sura 

 jmls yoiir cmlitoi-s in ;i better frame «f mind. 

6o PAGES 

1o8TH YEAR, NO. 62 

DID YOU KNOW — that it you nrc now receiving honiR delivery nn the morning Express nnd Smi- thy ttxpre.ss-Ncws !K cents mure will brlilj? yoir 
Ihc EVKNIN'Ci NMVS for an entire month? Tolal 
S'1.35 per month. Cull 225.7-111 (or prompt delivery. 

WANT ADSi 

Mon.-Thur. (7i3o a.m. unlil 6:3o p.m.] 
H..|7i3o a.m. until 5i3o p.m.} 
225-1666 

All Doporlmonlt . ; i 
225-7411 

Telephones, 9 p.m. unlil 7 a.m.! 

CiiyEditor 
227-3511 w 227-3693 

Spirit Edilor 
227-3721 or 227-77o1 

ASSOCIATED JRESS 

CORDOBA, Argen- 

 tina - A U.S. Infor- mation Service of- ficial kidnaped and released 
Friday 

[ought tor lus life on the operating table early Saturday. 

Albert Ldun 111 was iioaucicci 

 leitisi guerillas Friday fie 

 received icnous aounus jur- mg i Dloody brawl >vitn ms kidnapers. 

 fntormea ponce sources am 

Ciun ivas cusned to (tie (lema 
Fabioia Hospital in Jowmown 
Cordoba with muries <o tn tread, ibtiomen and shoulder 

Bullet Wounds 

The sources iaid i G-eauDc 

 bullet had ipnarently pierce his .ibtfomen "jnrt bacK, jausm neavy uleedfng. His eyes *eit reportedly blacKenea irom se vere head wotinrts. 

1'he U.S. Gmbassv in 6ueno 

Aires iairi earlier *t haa Jis patctied i plane <o Cordoba cc evacuate Caun .f necessary 
American 
<ources had an 

Laun s condition was grave. 

Parked Trucks 

Reporters (or (lie oewsi>ape 

L,i Voz del Interior iaicj 'lie found Laun lying between iw parked trucks in the dry bed of river thai passes ihroiigh '.hi industrial ;ity of 'MO.OOO som 
45o miles northeast il Queno 
Aires. 

They «nid ne vas .avercc 

 with i brown capo with vvl stripes mil throe oottles blood plnsma were on lop of h bo<(y. People's Revolulionar 
Army guerrillas wlw Maimed they ibdiicled Laun Iiad ippar- cntly idministerecl 'lie plasma because of Ihe wounds. 

No Doubt 

'When we saw the body <vilh 

 three bottles of serum, >vo had no doubt (hat it was Uiunl" 'lie reporter said 

(le said Laun, in pain, man- 

 agedtosay 'We are friends." 

The reporter told him: 

"Don't worry, nothing's-going to happen." 

?aitiffin r-. 

Business as Usual 

At an age most boys arc playing Little 

League Baseball and earning their money from newspaper routes, Jaime is In jail. 

Jaime, only 12, tried to earn 

 cash too, allegedly by selling heroin. 

Needle marks on his arms 

 indicate hi1 is not just a kid. anymore. 

The slender youngster was 

 charged in federal court Friday with iHissessing and intending lo distribute heroin. 

( 

He was arrested with three 

 other youths Thursday night. 

" They were Oscar, 14, Mary, IB, 

 and .Joyce, IB. Four adults also were arrested. 

Money Passed? 

Federal and city officers said 

 they have mado five, or six heroin buys from Jaime within 
Itic last inonlh. 

The unkempt boy was placet! 

In Ihe Juvenile detention center 
In 1 It'" of a $25,ooo bond. Illu father cannot post the bond. Ik hns IIITH In county jull slnci 
Jan, o, 
• 
Tlio fntticr Is charged, \vllr 

 felony possession ot murtjuntm 

 le Is in jail in lien of $15,ooo ond. lionds of $'25,OIK) also wow set n the three other youths by 
J.S. Magistrate Frank Raskin. 

NO parents appeared in the 

:nnrtrooni Friday for their 
:hildrcn's appearance. 

Oscar, a head I all or than 

 lainic. told the magistrate he vas "hooked" on heroin, .faitnc refused to say whether or not ic was an.addict. 
Tlio complaint declared the onr were "participating...In. he packaging of heroin" when 
;hey were arrested. 

Konr men nlso were arreslcd 

 with the young people. They vcre jailed in lieu of JI5(),OOfl bond wicli. 

Charged with the same of- 

 fense were Gilbert l.eos (inrclu, 
^B, of ITflJ llldnlKO St., Charles 
(llcasoti I'cre/, 26, of 315 .lean 
St.; .llimnlc (ilcasnn Perex,, 2'J. nf «•! ,lean St., anil IVdro 
•lltncnrx Almornit, 42, ot flu 
Cordelia Sf. 

Markets 

Slock cvcliangcs were 

 closed Friday for Good 
Friday, so the usual 

 complete Friday markets do not appear In Saturday's 
I:\lircss-iVcws. Cattle Clat- ter appears on I'agc 6fi. 

Mayoral aide tack Skipper 'eceives a shoeshme f riday from Elio Rodriguez and . his >wo brothers. Jesse. 7 . 'eft. and Sickv. S. <ight. 
Shine Boys Fight 

City Hall 

Oy Oavid Voinlin 

Street-wise shoe- 

 shiner 
Elio 
Rodri- 

 guez probably never, heard you can't fight j 
City Hall, but it he Iiad he wouldn't have 

 believed it. 

Elio, IS. ami his Iwo little 

 brothers hauled their shine boxes into (lie mayor's office 
Friday and demanded to know why they had been forbidden to do business on llic (liver Walk. 

Only a few minutes earlier, a 

 park ranger had told the boys to keep away from the river because they didn't have a permit 

''lie told us to t-o to Mayor 

Charles L. Becker's office,' 
Elio said. "I think he though we were too scared to come in here, but we aren't scared o anybody " 

The eviction from their Hive 

 t'alk location ivas a financial alamity for Ihc Rodriguez irodiers' little business. 

'On the river. >ve can make 

115, maybe $17 a day," Elio said. Up on the streets where leople are (n a hurry and (he compclUion is sliffer, daily earnings arc un to $1o less, he added. 

Becker was not in his office 

 when the boys arrived, but mayoral aide lack Skipper was. 

Skipper sent the trio over to 

City Mgr Sam Granata's of- flee, where assistants .(nc 
Madison and Tony Well be began checking the case. 

 ft turned nut the city lius n 

'Ordinances forbidding sho shine boxes on the Kivcr Walk 

 but (he (liver Walk Commis- sion has. 

The rule is designed to keep 

.he tourist from being overrun with souvenir and refreshment peddlers. 

As a practical matter, 

 however, park rangers 

 icnerally leave the shoesliinc boys alone, as Innj; us there aren't too many of them. 

"It's Just this one ranger that 

 gives us any trouble," Kilo said. "The others let us stay. 
We shine all their shoes." 

The boys sliincd several pairs 

 of shoes, collected Iheir money and headed back for Die river. mission accomplished. 

Skipper, who knows a yood 

 political angle when lie sees one, watclicil them go with a wistful "too bad the mayor wasn't licre." 

Tl'aill 

Thirty-sever.' cars of a Missouri Pacific freight train lie sprawled along the bank of 

)he Verdgirs River where they derailed six mites southeast of Ootogah, Okta. 
There *«'« n° injuries. — AP V/irephoto. 

Pqg« 2-A f. 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Soturday, ApriM 3, 1974' 

G 

'l«i? 
• 
1^11 
• aJiiornia Claims 

< _^Nixon Owes Tax 

COMfllED JfO« WXE SftiKES" 

President 
Nixon 

 received bad news 
(rom each . coast 

Friday about his tax situation. 

Nixon was also told that ho 

 cannot reclaim the pre- 

 presidential papers he donated to the National Archives, even though a tax deduction on them has been disallowed. 

In California, state officials 

 ruled Nixon must pay S4.263.72 in back state income taxes along with about $1ooo interest and a 539.17 penalty. There will be no charges of fraud or criminal negligence filed. 
- Martin Huff, executive of- ficer of the 
California 

Franchise Tax Board said 
Friday that Nixon will file re- 
•turns for 1o69-72 soon and pay 
'what he owes. 
• However, in Washington 
.N&on deputy press secretary 
'Gerald L. Warren would not 

President Gets Bad News 
On 3 Different 
Fronts 

 say whether Nixon will pay the taxes or contest the state's findings. 

"We will wait until we hear 

 from the state franchise board directly," Warren said. 

New York Taxes 

In New York, the stale lax 

 department admitted Friday that it is looking into the pos- sibility that Nixon owes buck taxes in that slate. 

Nixon's sale of his Manhattan 

 apartment in 1969 is the locus of the New York study. The 
President reported a capital gain of SH2.912 on (he sale, but paid no taxes on the amount because he claimed profits were reinvested in the San 

Reports on ISixon Taxes n Huff, executive officer of the California 

Franchise Tax Board, tells reporters Friday that 
President Nixon owes over $4,ooo in back state taxes.—AP Wirephoto 

'Clemente estate, which he claimed as his principal residence. 

Nixon had avoided paying 

 taxes in California by saying 
San Clemente was nol his prin- cipal residence, Washington 

Valid Gift Made 

Relief for the Nixon's build- 

 ing tax problems in two forms were being denied or turned down. 

The General Service Ad- 

 ministration said Friday that 
Nixon had made a valid gift of his vice presidential papers, and therefore could not take them back if he wanted to do so. 

Two groups had been vying 

 to buy the papers, perhaps for 
•as much, as a million dollars. 
'The While House promptly said 

;il had always been Nixon's 

 j contention that a valid gift had been made. 

In addition, the Internal 

Revenue Service said it was returning any money it 

 received designated as 

 payments on Nixon's (ax bill. 
The IRS said less than $1oo had been received thus far car- marked for Nixon's debt. 

California Taxes 

, 
Huff said there was no 

 evidence of fraud or criminal negligence in Nixon's failure to file California returns during his presidential years. 
" "There has to be some evidence or indication of wil- fulncss and all the evidence was the other way around," 
Huff said at a news conference. 

The back taxes are owed on 

Nixon's 1969 and 197o income, including salary for 94 days he spent working in the slate. 
Nixon will also) have to file re- turns far 1371 and 1972, but deductions wif) offset his in- come and no ta!xes are owed. 

California computed Nixon's 

 tax on the basis of the report of 
Congress' Joint Committee on 
Internal Revenue Taxation 

EASTER IS THE TIME FOR IMPORTED-FROM-CH1NA EGGS! 
The delicate craftsmanship of China comes to us on hand- painted Easter eggs with a handcarved wooden stand. Each egg is uniquely original and decorated with landscapes, flowers, figures, birds and other objects of nature. Gift boxed, our direct import, 4.oo. 
Gifts-across-the-Streer, Downtown; 

 and our Gift Shop, on Second, Fashion Square. FROST BROS. 

 which found 
Nixon owes 

'JW.'JSl in federal taxes for 
1969-72. 

The California Franchise Tax 

Board ruled in February that 
Nixon was not a slate resident for (ax purposes. That con- firmed Nixon's lax lawyer's opinion. Nixon is being taxed as a nonresident on income generated within the stale. 

Different Claim 

In New York, however, Nixon 

 and his lawyers did claim 
California as Nixon's residence to avoid paying taxes on the sale of his New York apart- ment. 

"We're jiisl studying the si- 

 tuation," John F. Donovan, director of the New York in- conic tax bureau said, stress- ing no conclusions had been reached in Ihe matter yet. 

The National Committee to 

Support (he President said 
Friday President Nixon has turned down the group's offer lo buy vice presidential papers. 

The point seemed moot ; at. 

 the same lime Ihc GSA an- nounced the papers cannot be re- trieved by Njxon. The commit- tee, based in Dallas, had of- fered $5oo,ooo and up for the papers last week and indicaled the White House had.shown interest in the offer. 

A Nixon spokesman Friday 

 said fhe President's position had always been thai Ihe gift was final. 

Louisiana Offer 

A similar offer was made by 

 a Louisiana group. They of- fered $1 million for the papers in hope of turning a profit. No political motivation svas 

 claimed by the Louisiana group. The Louisiana group seemed still ititcresled in buy- ing Nixon papers1, those not included in the Nixon gift to the 
Vational Archives. 

A spokesman for the GSA 

 said Nixon will probably be 
'ree to sell off or otherwise dispose of other papers and memorabilia being stored at 
Ihc National Archives bill nol included in the deeds donating sonic of his papers lo Ihc government. 

Sale of vice presidential and 

 presidential papers is being considered as a possible way for Nixon In pay the near half- million dollars in back laxcs lie owes, 
. 
. 

Pulitzer 
Winner 
Krock Dies 

WASHINGTON (API — Ar- 

 thur Krock, ivimier of two Pu- litzer Prizes and a major figure in American journalism for over three decades as a Wash- ington columnist for the New 
York Times, is dead at the age of 87. 

A family spokesman said thai 

Krock, who had been in ill health for nearly six months, died of natural causes at his home. 

In a newspaper career Hint 

 spanned 6o years, Krock w;is known for his steady output of exclusive, front-page stories, as well as for his column, "In the 
Nation," carried in the Times for 33 years. 

He was the only American 

 journalist to bo honored with four Pulitzer awards —Iwo Pu- litzer Prizes in 1935 and 1937, a special commendation and a special citation. 

Krock h.id been with the 

Times five years when then- publisher 
Adolph 
S. Oclis 

 named him chief of (lie news- paper's Washington hure.-in in 
1932. 

Bitten by Fish 

Dean Toney, 1o, of Miami looks at his bandaged hand Friday after being treated for a fish bite that nearly severed his finger.—AP Wirephoto 
Fish Hook Bathers 
In Feeding Frenzy 

MIAMI BEACH, Fla. (AP) — 

Schools of fish terrorized 

 bathers at a public beach 
Friday, sending four children and a 17-year-old to hospitals. 

One boy had a finger almost severed. 
"The fish were jumping all over the place. 

I've never seen anything like it," said 
'lifeguard Jeff Fuller. "People were com- ingto usblecding from wounds." 

Lifeguards at Haulover Beach, north of 

Miami Beach undone o[ south Florida's larg- est public beaches, estimated thatas many as 
15 bathers were treated for fish bites at the beach's first-aid center. 

Dale Brockway, another lifeguard, said 

 jack and bluefish were chasing schools of mullet swimming near the shore. 

"The fish didn't attack the bathers. The 

 bathers just got in their way as they pursued the mullet," Brockway added. 

"The blue fish were doing most of the 

 damage," Fuller said. "They were really ripping chunks of flesh out. One of the fish knocked me off u surf boaid and hit me in the mouth." 

Officials closed the beach, and a police 

 helicopter circled the area ordering bathers and surfers to leave the water. 

Dean Toney, 1o, of Miami was admitted to 

Parkway General Hospital, where his moth- er, Jane Toney, said a plastic surgeon was operating to save one of the boy's fingers. 

GOP Leaders Blast 
White 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON — 

Senate 
Republican 

 leaders warned the 
White House Friday that its first response to a House subpoena would be taken "as a brush-off and a stall for time." 

Sen. Norris Cotton of New 

Hampshire told a reporter Fri- day that this was the unani- mous reaction of the GOP lead- ers at a meeting Tuesday with presidential assistant 
Dean 

Burch. 
Ask for Impeachmejr^ 

Cotton, chairman of the Sen- 

 ile Republican 
Conference, 

 said one of those present re- marked that if the letter were sent, "It would be asking for impeachment." 

A second letter was drafted 

 and, after it had been read to the Senate GOP leaders, was sent by presidential counsel 
James St. Clair to the House committee. 

It failed to satisfy the com- 

 mittee which voted Thursday. 
33 to 3. to issue a subpoena or- dering President Nixon to lurn over 42 lanes and other mate- rials for Us impeachment in- 
:|Uiry. 

Cotton said lie regarded the 

House Reply 
ToSubpoena 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Pvblih.d »ch <oiUfdo,. 5vn<fo,r-W lobw Do*. tho^,»,i»o Do,, cfd in 'Mi 4 
Khnunoi Do,, N.. Y.o,-, Oo,, •>,,„ ,K,/o.rur Hondo, In.^gS F,,do,. Mo publiv.d 
« o Mo,*.,. .I,,. JJ, ,. Cn,,,!.,,, Do,. N._ »,„,•, oo, I.I, „ „ p,,,,d ,,PSuvio,. 

By The Expreli-Ncwi Corpofolion 

P.O. Be. 217) 
So. »«i«/,k>. 1..o1 «!97 

Sltortd Clou foliage Paid ol 

Sort AAJor.ia. IKOI 

Con.oi |« N 

All <o»n,, 

„„ „„ fa MrvM.M.M j. 

 loi.do, Ta^p> . Mt.ko. 

,V>Jd bt oW.e.i.i lo Son Anior.o fp..li. o- So* A.lo~o Miw, 

' 

I Mo. 6 Ho, 
I It, 

.. tl.ii 
1733o KS35 

.S3.85 1I?.W J38.7o 
.IOO »Zlo5;JO.?o 
.13 Si H9.IO J369o 
.15.53 1126o JJ445 

MAIL sutscmrriOM IATES 

1 rftvat Itxoi 

Momldo Only '...'.' . 
'.'.. 
."'"' 
'" 

Ertrurg otid Su"dop . 
E.lnlngOn!, 
" ' .' " 

Sutdo/ Orff . 

(Pfic.i obo.i lKk«f> loln loi.i 

OIH[« STAIiS 

- 
..-.H.3S JJS.W »io55 

• • •- 
H.3o 42J7o »«.45 
- 
H.JD J31.oo »«73 

....M.91 t21.9o $42.5o 

Hon.'. diU,r irwiliV ro'Li'ta So. Aw^MwninS'o'nd'sJSdai;! »VolJ.,"5«'Sh 
I"!"!!"! «r ™'o"t° I* 
' " 7° P" "K"1'< (lll<W" fl"l' '""dl "l" < 5w- 

COM!l«AtlOH RAIf, Moi»i»B. I'lni.,. J,!/,^, end s"do"yjl<i'rp«''i««1t 

/Ao/n'fvg ond Surrfa, 
Wofn^rtfl Only 
Evining ond Sunday 
Evlrirg Onl, 

 second letter as a great im- provement over the first one, saying he didn't interpret it as being defiant. 

Others at the meeting with 

Burch included 
Republican 

Leader Hugh Scott; his deputy, 
Sen. Robert P. Griffin of Mich- igan; Sen. John Tower of Texas, chairman of the Senate GOP 
Policy Committee; Sen. Bill 
Brock of Tennessee, chair- 

 man of the Senate Republican 
Campaign Committee, and Sen. 
Wallace F. Bennett of Utah, secretary of tire Republican 
Conference. 

First Draft 

Cotton said they felt the first 

 letter drafted "didn't indicate clearly enough that it was tire 
President's intention to furnish the committee with nil relevant materials." 

He said the letter was brief, 

 thanked the House committee for being more specific about the materials requested, prom- ised an effort to comply insofar as possible but set no lime for doing so. 

"We felt that wouldn't suf- 

 fice," Cotton said. "We fell it would be taken as a brush- off by the I louse committee and would lead lo trouble." 

Cotton said that Presiden 

Nixon couldn't have seen lh< letter because he was en rout( home from Paris after attend ing funeral services for Frcncl 
President Pompidou. 

Second Letter 

The second letter, before 

 being sent to the House com miltee, was read to (lie Senati 
GOP leaders individually ove the phone. 

Cotton snid he didn't knowtbe 

 reaction of the others, but 1» fell it indicated a willingness to comply with the committee'! request as promptly as pos sible. 

He said he wished the letter 

 had set out the reason for Hi delay in complying, adding Hi 
Senate leaders had been tol. this was because of the time i takes to listen to the tapes lo determine if they are relevant 

Cotton said most of thorn are 

 eight-hour tapes and "contain all Muds of subjects, some ol them completely unrelated to anything" involved 
.in the 

House committee's impeach- ment inquiry. 

Cottrm added there was snl<! 

 lobe difficulty In understanding them in some cases because their poor ciualit 

 of 

Beach 
Bash 

ASSOCIATED PR5S5 

SOUTH 
PADRE 

ISLAND - The an-J nual Easter weekend of sunburn and.sand rocked into full swing 
Friday. 

Law enforcement officers 

 said the huge crowd was order-* ly. 
•-./ 
. •. - ! 

. Thousands of college students 

 converged on this South Texas resort islands for the Easter weekend to swim and siln batlie along Gulf of Mexico benches, 

Officers said 17 persons-had 

 been arrested by Friday after- noon. 
' 
' ' . ' , ' 

Thursday Arrests 
Most of those arrests came 

Thursday when deputies 

 cleared out a tent city erected in an area where camping was prohibited.. Nine persons were arrested at the tent .site on charges of disorderly "conduct and trespassing. One of thi? nine also was charged with resisting arrest. 
. . . 

Much of the trouble Thursday 

 resulted from a change hi .pol- icy concerning a tent cily on the southern lip of the island. In the past the tent site had' been allowed but the 
Cameron 

County Park Department said the tent city was prohibited this jpear because spaces for tents, had not been marked off. 

High Tides 

Campers this year, sent five 

 miles north of the old site, com- plained that high tides forced them to leave the new area. 
Another new site then was des- ignated. 

The park department said all 

 overnight facilities at the island except a few trailer spaces were filled Friday. 
Guardsmen 
Promised 
Legal Aid 

COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — 

Atty. Gen. William Brown said 
Friday his office would provide slate legal help to the eight former National Guardsmen indicted in connection with the 
Kent State slayings. 

"I had no such power until the 

 governor gave it to me," Brown said at a news conference. 

Brown, as the governor had a 

 day earlier, cited a statute in the Ohio Revised Code empow- ering his office to defend state employes In cases of "signifi- cant state interest" on tl>e re- quest of the governor or the 
General Assembly. 

Gov. John J. Gilligan, in the 

 face of strong urgings from lawmakers, the American Le- yion and others, issued such an order Thursday, saying the law had just come to hlsattention. 

Brown's assistants had said 

 an offer of assistance (ram the attorney general's office would set a dangerous precedent in handling criminal cases in- volving state employes. 

Bob Weinberger, legal assist- 

 ant to the governor, said bo and a member of Brown's .staff had been studying the law in 

 question "a short period of lime" before the offer of state defense was actually made. 

"It was purely a legal consid- 

 eration," Weinberger said tint caused him to wail until Thurs- day to bring Hie law to the gov- ernor's attention. 

"We knew of (he existence of 

 the statute, lint we didn't know if it would apply in this particu- lar case, "he said, 

"We decided thai in this in- 

 stance, it did, and then it was up to the governor to decide 

 whether to apply it," Ire said. 

Brown said Friday his office 

 soon will begin assigning either st.ite attorneys to (lie case or 
.hiring special counsel "to pro- vide as best a defense ,is wo 

Fracas Ends in Blasts 

Six persons, including an eight-month-old 

 child, were struck by shotgun pellets Friday night when a neighborhood disturbance 
Haired on the South Side. 

None of those hit weru 

 scrlnusly injured., 

The uproar begun about 8:M 

 p.m. In Ihc 15oo block of Par- nell Street. Police have iniidc numerous calls to Die same area wfllifn (lie past (wo weeks. 

The invenllfjntlnn Imllcnlc.s 

 the sons of a resldcnl nrc In- volved In h running argument wllh neighborhood children. 

Krlduy night, police said, llio 

 fathers gol Into (he acl. 

One man Inside ii house 

 allegedly fired several sholgun blasts al men, women iind children on Ihc slrcel nearby. 

Injured were: 
Kii'ly .1. Hamlro, 13, of H27 

Parnell; Arllnir llos;is, 2(1, of 
142:1 I'urnell; Ulclmrd C. liu- 
Icncourl, 17, of I«l I'arnull. nml hisfalhcr. Kdwnrd, 1o. 

Aha Injured wore a woman 

 identified as Marlhn Lniigoria and hcreiKht-monlh-nld infnnt. 

Pollen said a pellet struck the. 

 child's diapers, but did not liroak skin. 

All nf Ihc other victims were 

 merely grazed on the hands, arms and lens. None were hos- pllallwd. 

. Two were Ircnlcil by am- huliinco Icolmlclnns. No Acres I.i were made. 

I'nlico snld only nno person 

 wns Injured when ihcy tins- wcrcd'iho cnll. Th.«y left hut wcro called buck 15 mlnitlcs lalcr tilling five olhcrvlcUma. 

Jail Dope Office^ 
Grand Jury Says 

Prisoners 
Clean Park 

Precinct 2 County Com. Tom Stolhandske, far left, and Detention Officer John 
Bononcini Friday supervise two of four Bexar County Jail prisoners cleaning 
Rodriguez County Park. The inmates volunteered for the work to get out of jail for a while, according to Stolhandske. The Precinct 2 park was littered and the creek still clogged from last year's floods. 

3 in Line 
For Gas 
Position 

CAPITOL BUREAU 

AUSTIN — "Two or 

 three" successors to 
Mills Cox are under consideration for pos- sible appointments to run Lo -Vaca Gather- ing Co., 2ooth Dist. 
Judge Charles Math- cws said Friday. 

Cox resigned his special 

'court-appointed managership in Houston Friday morning. 

. Judge Matliews declined to release names of possible 

 successors, saying only they all arc retired executives with 
"extensive experience" in the oil and gas industry. Not all of the candidates know they are being considered, he said. 

" A decision will lie made by next 
Friday, 
Mathews 

 promised. 

The 73-year-old Cox was 

 named to the post last July as 
Lp-Vaca, San Antonio's natural gas supplier, went into 

 receivership. 

The judge said: "Ho told me 

 lic'd take it for six months, and 
I said OK. When that time was up (in February), he said he'd slay on a little bit longer, but nnl past May I." 

Mathews said he had kept the 

May I deadline a secret for fear 
«f making it more difficult for 
Cnx to ncgoliatc for natural gas supplies. 

Pellet Wounds 
Bus Passenger 

Youths playing with a pellet gun Friday 

 shot and wounded a city bus passenger. 

Mrs. Beatrice Jones, CO, of 1411 Gibbs St., received a 

"crease" wound to the forehead. 

Homicide detectives took a statement from one youth and 

 released him. 

The incident occurred in the 14oo block of Montana Street 

 as a city bus made early-morning rounds for a downtown trip. 

Police said the back window of Hie bus was hit at least 

 three times by pellets. 

No other passengers were wounded. 
Investigators said the window next to where Mrs.'Jones 

 was sitting was opened and the pellet probably came through it. 
' 
• 

The woman was treated and released by'a local hospital. 

Gonzalez: Put 
Heat on Coastal 

U.S. Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez asked the. 

Federal Power Commission Friday to force 
Coastal States Gas Co. and its subsidiary, 
Lo-Vaca Gathering Co., to honor their com- mitments. 

The federal government, lie 

 said, "must recognize that Lo- 
Vaca and Coastal are one and the same, and federal regula- tory bodies must accept res- ponsibility for forcing Coastal to restore Lo-Vaca to health 

Specifically, the San Antonio 

 congressman's requests to the 
FPC were: 

• That it prohibit Coastal 

States from1 gaining new.cus- tomers until it properly serves those it has. 

• That it force Coastal to 

 deliver a percentage of all new gas it acquires to Lo-Vuca until the subsidiary meets its con- tract obligations. 

Gonzalez's proposals were 

 spelled out In a letter to FPC 
Chairman John N. Nassikas. 

The congressman put down 

 contentions that Lo-Vaea is not subject In regulation because it is an inlrastatc operation. . 

Lo-Vaca is City Public Ser- 

 vice's gas'supplier. 

Gonzalez also told the FPC 

 about a recent Texas Railroad 
Commission report. 

 lie said the report confirms 

"Coastal has been deliber- ately and consistently mis- managing its affairs in order to extract maximum short term profits, even at the expense of the public interest." 

GunsRoar 
In Park; 
None Hit 

Guns blazed in 

Roosevelt Park earl; 
Friday as two park rangers shot it ou with a gunman. No one, however, was 

 wounded. 

The incident occurred abou 

12:1o a.m. after Rangers Harry 
SluUz and Calvin Usscry sai' they heard six shots. 

Investigating, they drove int 

 a field near the Mission Roa 
Power Plant along the San An toniu River. 

The rangers, spotted a ma 

 and drove up behind, him talking tu him via their louds peaker. 

The man, said investigators 

 wheeled and squeezed off thre shots. 

Both rangers returned th 

 fire but the man escaped, aj parcntly without injury; 

One shot struck the officers 

 patrol car. 

'Son Antonio EXPEESS-N^WS—-Saturday, April 13, 1974 
Pay* 3-A 

Reputed blgtime drug trafficker Fred 

Carrasco and eight others have been indicted or conspiring to distribute heroin while 
Carrasco was in Bexar County Jail. 
A federal grand jury here 

 charged ihat the conspiracy ook place from last August to 
Feb. 16.. 

Also named in the Indictment 

 was Carrasco's half brother, 
(uan Gomez Xamora, 41, of 5o5 
Koehler Court, and police ac- cuser Daniel Jaramillo, 2(1, of 
319 Sunglo St. 

Zamora is now jailed in lieu 

 of a $5oo,ooo bond on a federal charge of possessing arid 
.ntcnding to distribute 5 1/2 lounds of heroin at Uvalde and 
5o ounces of heroin at San An- 

 nio. 

In Prison 

Jaramillo is now serving a 

15-year prison term at a federal prison in the Northern District of Texas. He earlier pleaded guilty of possessing eight icunds of heroin. 

Federal records indicate 

Jaramillo was Carrasco's top lieutenant when he accused two 
San Antonio policemen of killing two of his alleged un denvorld associates. 

The policemen were later 

 cleared by a Bexar County 
Grand Jury. 

Carrasco is serving a life 

 sentence at the state prison at 
Huntsville. He pleaded guilty in 
January to assault to murder on a policeman. 

Others indicted are Eva 

Gomez. 36, of 51o8 El Paso St.; 
Emelia Gorier., 2o, of 2323 
Suzette Ave., and 
Ruby 

Sanchez, 31, of 17o6 Del So 
Lane. 

Fidet 
Saucedo, 
45, o 

Coahuila, Mexico, was indicted along with Moises Salazar, 35 of Corpus Christi, and Felipe 
Torralva, 27, address unknown 

3 Jailed 

Miss Cortez, Miss Sanchez 

 and Saucedo were arrcstct along with 
Zamora ii 

February. All three arc jqilec in lieu of a $5oo,ooo bond each. 

The six-count Indlctmcnl 

 charges specifically that 

Carrasco met with a co-cons' pirator on Oct. 13 in the jail. 

Later, outside the jai 

Jaramillo met with the co conspirator and gave him fivi ounces of heroin "as per ins tructions from Fred Gome? 
Carrasco." 

The first count of the indict 

 mcnt alleges 58 separate trail suctions took place in and onto the jail. 

Specifics 

Specifically, the indictmcn 

 alleges Carrasco took part ii the conspiracy on Aug. 25, Ocl 
13, Jan. 25, Jan. 27 and Jan. 29 

Electricity 
Kills Worker 

A 47-year old self-employed 

 electrician died Friday as a result of an apparent elec- trocution, police reported. 

Wallace P. Gawlik, of 322 

Leon id as St., was pronounced dead at Southeast Baptist Hos- pital. 

He had been working at a 

 construction site in the 4ooo block of Southcross Boulevard. 

High Voltage 

Makes Contact 

The nine-page indictmcnti 

 lames five persons • as co- conspirators hut not defen- lanls. 

Named are Kddie Ray Ortiz, 

Arthur 
Ortiz, 
Woodrow, 

Samuel Garcia Narvaez, Ken- neth Marsh and Rufino Lopez. 

All nine persons are charged 

 vith conspiring to possess icroin and intending to dis- ribute it. 
Miss Sanchez is charged wilh mporting heroin. Carrasco, 
Miss Gomez and Miss Cortez 

Carrasco Among 

Nine Indicted 

 are charged with helping im- port heroin.' 

Miss Sanchez, Zamora, Miss 

Gomez, Miss Corlcz and 
Saucedo arc indicted for pos- sessing heroin for distribution. 

Maximum Terms 
Carrasco and Zamora are 

 charged with helping possess heroin with the purpose of dis- tributing it. 

If Carrasco is convicted on all 

 four counts . he is indicted on, he could receive a maximum, prison term totaling 12o years and be fined a total maximum of $2oo,ooo. 

All nine individuals were in- 

 dicted Wednesday by a sealed indictment returned by the 
April federal.grand jury. The indictment was opened Friday morning. 

Traffic Was Heavy 

At Carrasco Cell 

Doctors, attorneys, investigators and tag- 

 alongs ivere going and coming as they pleased from the Bexar County Jail cell of Fred 
Gomez Carrasco, Com. Tom Stolhandskc said 
Friday. 

The visitors were taking ad-' 

 vantage of what Stolhandskc I called a "permissive" district court order outlining jail privileges of the reputed drug trafficker. 

Carrasco, now imprisoned in 

 lluntsville, was in the local jail from 
August through 

December, awaiting trial on murder and. assault to murder charges. 

Carrasco was transferred to 

 the jail from a local hospital, where he was recovering from gunshot wounds received In his capture last July. 

'Confusion' 

"The fact that he was trans^ 

Terred to (he jail sliil recover- ing from wounds caused a lol of the contusion," Stolhandske said Friday. 

"In fact, he was brought to. 

 the jail before he was ready. 
The hospital didn't want him because of security problems. 
So we had to run a jail and a hospital at (he same time," 
Stolhandskc said. 

Stolhandskc, who handles 

 jail affairs for Commissioners 
Court, noted the transfer took place only a month after com- missioners took control of the jail. 

'Many Bosses' 

"At that time, there were too 

 many bosses. No one was able to completely control who went into and out of Carrasco's cell," Slolhamlske said. 

"In retrospect, it is very 

Authorities said the man n-a 

 wearing a rubber glove on onl one hand. He apparently touched a hot wire with his unprotected handi police said. 

;JIc was near a 2o,ooo volt line, said police. 

 interesting to look back at who was visiting Carrasco. 

"People were coming and 

 going as they pleased, 

 especially investigators, doc- tors and attorneys," Stolhand- sko said. 

"The unfairness of all this is 

 that here sits the jail adminis- trator, Ray Olivarri, who has probably never broken a law in his life, and who is very conscious of law and order. 

Court Order 

"Then, all of a sudden, he 

(Olivarri) gets a district court order which is fairly permis sive, especially in view of (he prisoner involved. 
" People took advantage of 

(he order, but what could lie 
(Olivarri) do?" Stolhandske said. 

"We're going to back 

Olivarri all the way. We (Com- missioners Court) will get some of the blame, too'," the commissioner said. 

We tried every way in the 

 world not to get run over, taken advantage of, but it just hap- pened. 

"I guarantee it won't happen 

 again," the commissioner said.', 

"It another prisoner needs to; 

 be in the hospital, then we're going to keep him in the hospK tal," Slolhandske said. 

No Surprise 
; 

Com. Frank B. Vaughah Jr.' 

 was the only other commis-: 

 sioner available for-comment 
Friday. 

"It doesn't surprise me a- 

.bit," Vaughansaid. 

Olivarri also was unavailable, 

 for comment. He was In For,t' 
Worth attending a workshpp tor" jail administrators. 
• ' 

Meeting Set 

CO WASHINGTON STAR-NEWS 
..: 

WASHINGTON"*- 
Frank 

DeMarco Jr., anaviPresident 
Nixon's chief personal tax ad- visers, is scheduled to meet with 
Internal Revenue Service inves- tigators sometime the week after next to discuss WE tax- related conversations with the , 
-President, it was learned 
Friday. 

Judson Conservation 
Efforts Are Success 

Judson School District's 

 energy conservation program is a success. 

Supt. William Sevicr has an- 

 nounced that electrical usage has dropped 22.5 per cent. Na- tural gas consumption has been lowered by a "whopping" 48 per cent, he said. 

This savings occurred during , 

January through March of this • year, said Sevler. Data for 1974 was compared to that of the ; same period last year. 

A moderate winter and "un- ' 

Believable" cooperation from , staff members are reasons for ' the cutback, he said. 
I 

Plaza Has Park for a Heart 

By Deborah Wcscr 

HemisFair Plaza, by any other 

 name, still will have a 24-acrc public park at its heart. 

In oilier words, no hotels can be built in (lie core of 

 the plaza. 

After learning that Friday, City Councilman Cliff 

Morton's nlawi growth committee suggested three 

 otlicr sites for holds. All are on the periphery of 
HemisFair Plaza and owned by the city. 

The legal opinion virtually barring iiolcl cons-' 

 true!ion on Ihc plaza — and possibly road and parking lots — came from City Ally. Crawford 
Rceder. 

 lie said the land is a public dedicated piirk under 

 an agreement signed last year by the city and federal government. 

The dedication also is part of thctily's share of (he 

 original federal-municipal financing partnership 

Funds Fort Worth-Bound? 

San Antonio officials arc checking 

 out a rumor chj.5..,!& arc lost for $8 million to $1o million In federal funds for the Inner Loop. 

Only one city in each stale will be awarded n 

 federal Rrant for u "special urban high density traffic roulc." 

A ixmiula loss of those funds to Fort Worth was 

 reported Friday by developer Qulncy I/io during n 
HornlsKnir Pla/n r.rowth commlllce mmtlng. 

Clly Traffic and Trarmiiorlallon Dlr. Stewart 

Fischer confirmed (tie rumor's circulation. 

The committee discussed alternative ideas fov 

 completing Ihe controversial loop. 

Members finally settled on a route running from 

IMIO/HUli nlnns Marlln Street-Convent Street-I.c- xlngloii Avcmio In IlLir and easterly along Nolan 
Street In Cherry Street. 

The route's southern leg, Dnrungn ttoiitovard, 

 nlrtwly IK completed. 

The road network also would timkc possible n 

 peripheral "parkway" along the eastern edge of 
IlemlsFnir Plaza. 

The cily applied for tho special funds under tho 

1o74 Federnl Aid Highway Act. 

 that produced HemisFair 'fifi. 

The committee said privatb business will have nn 

 opportunity in the next lew weeks to look nl.the proposed construction sites. 

Meanwhile, the committee is proposing the plaza 

 undergo a name change mid n major facelift. 

Waterways mid walkways may be removed nnd a 

 new road introduced along the eastern edge of (he plnzn. 

These nnd other proposals, including sites for' 

•three multi-story parking garages along that roaii, will be passed next week to City Council. 

Cily staff, in the meantime, is to produce price 

(ngs /or all proposals in the tentative plnza plan, 
Morton insisted: 

It nil details arc worked out, Morion may ask 

 council Thursday to set n date for a public hearing on the growth plan's details. 

The committee specifically decided not 1o limit 

 prospects for hotel construction tn small or large facilities. 

Convention and Visitors Bureau Dlr. Al Trlpp, 

 however, urged emphasis on attracting a developer of a large, 1,ooo-ronm lintel. 

An earlier proposal of developer Kay Hllison 

 urged construction of three 25o to 35o-room holds. 

Morton sees no immediate need (or a new bond 

Issue to cover HcmlsPln7.ii changes. 

However, he Is unwilling to rulo out the need for 

 such extra money at this time. 

' 
->•',..<-. TEAFFIi EOLITE- ' 

*, WDEVfrtOPMEMT 

PLA1A 
'* 

Newest 'Inner Loop' 

HemisFair Plaza's growth committee presents the latest route for the Inner Loop, 
The dotted lines on the north edgo of the triangle representing Ihe plaza ore 
Commerce and Houston streets. 

Eog« 4-A 
H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Soturdoy, April 13, 1974 

Penny Pinching 

Vogue 

ASSOCIATED P«SS 

WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary 

George P. Shultz is expected soon to sign a ban against melting pennies. 

The move is designed to help prevent 

 hoarding and destruction of the copper one- cent pieces, sources said Friday. 

Hoarding of pennies by spec- 

 ulators in anticipation of reap- ing windfall profits from the copper, content has become a major problem, starting a na- tiortwide penny shortage. 

 bireclor Mary Brooks of the 

U;§: Mint said of the penny hoarding: "I think the country is'crazym" 

•Many people lave dresser 

 drawers full of pennies but they are "not worth two hoots as a collector's item," she added. 

'Mrs. Brooks declined com- 

 ment on whether she has rec- • ommendorl to Treasury Secre- tary Slmllz that he institute a melting ban, which would make melting copper pennies illegal. 

But other Treasury sources 

 said Shultz would soon sign such a ban, possibly over the weekend. 

The price of copper has 

 soared steadily in recent 

 months, and last week it hit 
$1.2o a pound, the price at wlu'ch it would cost the government more to make a copper penny 

 than the penny is worth. 

However, tins Mint is using 

 stockpile copper purchased at a lower price. 

At $1.5o a pound, it would be 

 potentially profitable to melt pennies for their" copper con- lent. 

Although the penny is not 

 worth much to most Ameri- cans, the government lias not considered stopping production because of its essential uses for state and local sales taxes, parking meters and also in vending machines. 

SATURDAY!... AT JOSKE'S 
DOWNTOWN AMD LAS PALMAS! 

H 

Saturday 
April 13 
1o a.m.-6 p.m. 

Factory-trained repairmen from 
Norelco will be in the Drug Dept., 
Joske's Downtown and Las Palmas, 
Saturday from 1o a.m. to 6 p.m., to thoroughly clean, oil, check and adjust your Norelco shaver to keep it operating at its best! 

Tune-up 
Special! 

Plus any needed parts a! special low prices. . . Saturday only! 

JUST SAY 'CHARGE IT' WITH 
YOUR JOSKE CREDIT CARD! 

 like 9 shavers in one! 
THE NORELCO 
4o VIP SHAVER 

Tripleheader v/ilh 9 comfort sellings to let you select Ihe perfect shave for your beard, your skin. Thumb-control off-on switch. Super Microgroove heads. Pop-up trimmer. Coil cord. Metal travel wallet. 37.93 

JOSKE'S 

•T d*y «hop our lower level Dor lower price* 

DRUGS, DOWNTOV/M AND LAS PALMAS, USE YOUR CHARGE! 

Federal Home 
Loans Boosted 

In Stride 

Beverly Bryant, a Churchill High School freshman, takes her mount, The Shadow, over the jumps at the 13th annual Fort Sam Houston Horse Show. The competition continues through Sunday. 

County Official Facing 
Loss of Pension or Job 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

TOWSON, Md. - Convicted 

Baltimore County Executive 
Dale Anderson could lose his pension benefits if he refuses to resign and is forced out of office, the county finance director said 
Friday. 

Walter' Richardson, the fi- 

 nance chief, said Anderson 

 would be eligible for automatic vesting rights in the county pension system if he resigned and requested such rights. 

If vested, Anderson would be 

 able to receive his pension at age 6o, Richardson said. 

But if the county executive is 

 ousted from office, Richardson said, the case would be re- ferred lo R. Bruce Alderman, the county solicitor, for an in- terpretation of a phrase of the pension law tliat could deny benefits to any fired employe. 

The law defines creditable 

 service required lo qualify for pension benefits as "honorable and failhful service ns an em- ploye." 

Such an opinion would lie re- 

 quested from Hie solicitor on any fired county employe and 

 no special treatment would be applied to Anderson's case, 
Richardson said. 

As a department liead, An- 

 derson would be entitled to re- ceive one-fourtietli of his an nual salary for each year worked. 

Anderson was convicted by a 

 federal court jury March 2o on 
32 counts of extortion, con spiracy and tax evasion. The charges were returned by a grand jury probing an alleged system of cash kickbacks to 
Maryland officials from archi teds and engineers doing non bid government work. 

S.A. Event 
To Cite Tower 

EXPRESS.NEWS CAPITOL BJRFAU 
AUSTJN-U.S. Sen. Join 

Tower will be in San Anton i next Friday to receive the L 
Mendel Rivers award fo legislative aclion. 

The award will be given dur 

 ing the international cnnvenl banquet of the Non-Cmnnm sinned Officers Association. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - The government Friday ight boosted from 8>/4 to 8% per cent the ederal ceiling on mortgage loans backed by he Federal Housing Administration and the 
Veterans Administration. 

 had been kept at Us. current rale, it would have mcanl that sellers would have had to pay mnro "poinls," a one-lime in- 
Icrcsl charge designed lo make up the difference between the market rate for money and the interest ceiling. 

Keeping Ihe rate at 814 per 

 cent, therefore, would have in- creased the price of homes, 
Lynn said. 

At the same time, Lynn an- 

 nounced that a complex plan for 

James T. Lynn, secretary of ic Housing and Urban Devol- pment Department, said he ad reluctantly agreed to boos) he rate as the only alternative nder the currently sharp Jump n interest rates across the conomy. 
He said it was vital because it ould keep FHA and VA 

 mortgage loans as an available ource of money for American lome buyers. 
The FHA insures mortgages it the 8'/4 per cent rate and (lie ti\ guarantees them at that ate. 
Homebuyers may borrow a 

 naximum of $33,ooo to buy a iome under the two programs. 

Lynn had considered only a 

 ew weeks ago dropping the mortgage ceiling further, but a udden upsurge in the prime in- erest rate changed his plans. 
Walter B. Williams, president 

 if the Mortgage Bankers Asso- 
'iation, praised Lynn's move, laying it should make more money available using the gov- ernment-backed programs to buy homes. 

Lynn said that if the ceiling 

Market 
Assist 

 subsidizing Interest rates for 
2oo,ooo prospective liomc- 

 buyers at below market rates would continue In effect. 

Lynn announced the plan in 

January. It provided for a 1% per cent ceiling for up to $6.6 billion in FHA and VA mort- gages. 

Under that plan, the govern- 

 ment subsidizes tlie difference between the going market rate 
(or money and the 1% per cent interest rate. 

Dead 
POWs 
Home 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

TRAVIS AFB, Calif. 

— The last known 
American prisoners of var from North Viet- nam came home 

 riday without 

 ceremony in 17 flag- draped coffins. 

With only an honor guard on 

 land and no formal ceremony, the bodies were flown into tlu's air base from Thailand. The Air 
Force would not release the identities of the men, saying identification' procedures had not been completed. 

The coffins, carried by Air 

Force pallbearers outfitted with chrome telmets and wliite 

 gloves, were loaded onto the same dark blue ambulance buses that carried the reluming 
POWs to hospitals from l«.'re a year ago. 

The 17 dead were the last of 

 the 23 American servicemen who the North Vietnamese said died in North Vietnam while 
POWs. The bodies, of the other six men were returned here 
March 21. 

The 23 men originally were 

 listed as missing in action. Rut on Jan. 27, 1D73, the dale cf Ihe 
Vietnam censr-firo ngiwment, the North Vietnamese listed lire men as having died in captiv- 

•J 1 

In the rich color of natural gold... 

TEN-DIAMOND 
BRACELET WATCHES 11ooo 

Each of these beautifully designed yollow-gold-lillod walchou is filled with a sturdy, shock-resistant 17-jowol Konmark movement and each is sot with 1o sparkling diamonds . . . accuracy, boauly and dependability for many yoaro. 

Illustration enlarged lo show details 

UBO our convenient Budget Plan without additional charge. 

It Was Good Friday 
Despite the Breaks 

WEATIIERFOR'D (A!1) - A pair of airmen frcim Il- 

 linois hoped for a Good Friday wedding but tilings almost went awry Friday. 

The couple, Airman Basic Julie Goldman, 19. and her 

 fiance. Airman 3.C Mark Cvetkovitch, 18,.are stationed at 
Chanute AF13, 111. Being underage and unable to marry in Il- linois without parental permission, the couple flew to Dal- las-Fort Worth Airport in hopes oi being married at nearby 
Fort Worth. 

Unfortunately, the Tarrant County Courthouse closed at 

 noon in observance of Good Friday. 

The couple then took a taricab to Weatlierford, 3o miles 

 away, and found Justice of the Peace Chester Causbie willing to perform the ceremony. 

While the couple was being married, a passing Weatherford 

 ipatrol par spotted the out-of-to\Mi cab and thought a bank robbery or other evil-doing might be afoot. 

The patrolmen called Weatherford detectives, who rushed 

 to the scene and questioned UK cab driver. 

The driver explained why he was waiting and the new Mr. 

 and Mrs. Cvelkovitch emerged moments later from the court- house. 

The roundtrip cab ride back to DFW Airport cost Ihe happy 

 newly weds S3fi. 

Cvetkovitch is a native of Wichita Falls, and the new Mrs. 

 is a native uf Athens, Cia. 

Armed Prison 
Escapees Quit 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

LUXORA, Ark. — Four armed prison es- 

 capees holding a hostage surrendered after a police sniper wounded one o them, police said. 

The hostage was hit hy a 

 bullet that, passed through the wounded man. 

The four, who had escaped 

 earlier in the day from (he Mis- sissippi County Jail in this northeast area of Arkansas, had faced about 3o police officers across a muddy field during a four-hour standoff in which they demanded transportation and ammunition for their escape. 

"It was obvious that we were 

 going to do nothing but have a 
Mexican standoff," 
Sheriff 

George Ford said. "The deci- sion was made to (ry to kill them." 

Ford said the escapees, 

 armed with revolvers and hold- ing jailer Thomas Dunn, sur- rendered immediately after 

 shots by snipers injured one of them, lie was identified as Carl 
Jackson, 25, and was Iwspi- lalized in serious condition. 

The remaining three escapees 

 also were hospitalized. Ford said they were "injured during the capture." 

Ford said Dunn, the jailer, 

 had suffered a superficial 

 wound when struck by a bullet which passed (broilRh Jackson. 

Ford said he made four trips 

 into the field to try to negotiate with the escapees. 

"They were demanding guns, 

 ammunition and an anlomo bile," he said. "[ wasn't aboul to go along wilh that. If they were desperate enough to do what they were doing, they were going lo kill someone." 

Ford said that, while lie ant! 

 other officers walked down n road loward a (nick, snipers moved Into position behind (he escapees. 

'Two snipers firwl simulla 

 neously," he said. "As soon a< 
Jackson was shot and fell, the 

 others threw their guns down, lumped np and surrendered." 

The jailbreak began at 7:3o 

 i.m. when police said five in- mates, armed with a knife 
'ashioned from a tobacco can. disarmed Dunn. They said two deputies were subsequently dis- armed and the escapees left with Dunn as hostage. 

Ford said lhat, as the in- 

 mates started out the back of the jail, they exchanged shots with some deputies who were arriving for work. No one was hit in Ihe shooting. 

Ford said the men then forced 

Dunn into a deputy's car and 
Dunn intentionally ran Ihe car into a (resin the jailyard. 

After the crash, four es- 

 capees headed for (lie field, dragging Dunn. Police said (lie fifth escapee fled in a different direction and was captured. 

Governor 
To Address 
S.A. Meet 

ETXI'RESS'NEWS CAPITOL DUREAU 
AUSTIN — Cinv. Dnlph Hris- 

 coc will speak in San Antonio 
May 7 during a two-day conference on early chilillinnil education. 

The seminar is In run May 6-8 

 at (he. Sheraton Inn, MOD Austin 
Highway.. 

Alsn among featured 

 speakers is Dr. David N.Aspy of the N a t i o n a l Consortium of 
Humanizing Etlticaliim. 

Co-sponsors of (he gallici-ing 

 are Texas Md meal ion Agency, 
T<>x;is Department of Com- munity A f f a i r s and Region 2o 
Kdiitatlnn Service Center. 

COMPLETE MEALS IN '/. THE TIME! 4o2 MB 

LITTON 
Microwave Oven 

REG. Ml9°° 
Now 
$369 
95 

— i i •••-—-JBUy r 

Tho Lillon Minulomaslor Microwovo Ovon bakoi cooks 

 doffOJts, poachoj, jimmors, rohoali all (cods, and" browns largo meal items, It's ready lo holp proparo complete moals In your homo.. .every day of Iho wook.. .faslorl Quonlity l^mi 
Bo oorlyl BonkAmoricord i Master 
Charge. 

Hwrii Hon.-Frl. 8-4, Ihun. B'B, Sal. 9.5 

LOOC 41o AT VANCE J A C K H O N 

341-7731 mfl. 

Sun Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday, April 13, 1974 fag* 5-A 

Bringing in the Catch 

Fishing for "craws" is an excellent way to spend a sunny afternoon. Jose Gonzales, left, and Carlos 
Carleran look like old pros as they haul in one of their many catches. The boys found the good spot near Fort 
Sam Houston. — Staff photos by David Hughes. 
Pope Makes Pilgrimage 

Rich, Poor Nations 
Offer Their Advice 

UNITED 
NATIONS, N.Y. 
(Al>) 
— 

Speakers from rich and poor nations alike urged Friday (hat underdeveloped countries 

 stress reconciliation instead of revenge in (heir dealings with wealthy nations. 

The lone of many speakers was milder than 

 that of Algerian President Houari Boume- dienne, who keynoled the General Assembly's special session on raw materials and develop- ment on Tuesday with a call for Third World countries to nationalize all their natural re- sources. 

China and the Soviet Union also severely 

 condemned supposed exploitation of the Third 
World in speeches earlier this week. 

The Netherlands, still under an Arab oil 

 boycott, (old the session Friday that producers and consumers of raw materials must work together. 

"The developed countries must resist the 

 temptation to let concern over the immediate effect of the energy crisis on our own economies prevail over our concern for worldwide de- velopment." Foreign Minister Max van dur 
Stoelsaid. 

 lie said the Netherlands would increase its 

 aid to the developing countries by 2o per cent. 

Representatives of other countries 

 addressing the fourth day of the special session sounded t.he same theme of solidarity between producers and consumers. 

Ar.senc Assouan Usher, the foreign minister- 

 of the Ivory Const, cautioned delegates of fellow developing countries against "yielding to the temptation of revenge." Such a policy, he said, would be 
"ignoble, economically 

 disadvantageous and would not solve ihn real problems." 

President Siaka Stevens of Sierre Leone said, 

"We are agreed that, if we organize ourselves to protect our own interests in the same way as the developed countries organise themselves 

 to protect their interests, our situation in the 
Third World will get worse and worse." 

Foreign 
Minister Ahmed Taibi Bcnhima of 

Morocco said tbo new-found unity of Arab oil producers had "warned the power centers" of the need for economic reform, nut he still called for a "charter of coo|>eration between the have and have-not countries." 

ROME (AP) — A frail Pope Paul VI carried a wooden cross 

 for 15 minutes on Good Friday in the annual Way of tte Cross pilgrimage through the ruins of the Roman Forum. 

Vatican officials concerned about the 76-year-old pontiff's 

 health had convinced him to cut down on some of his Banter activities, but he refused to forego the procession antl look- ed fit as he bore hisburden. 

In his address, the Pope urged Christians not to forget "the 

 abject, the deformed, the weeping, the unhappy." 

In Jerusalem, thousands of Christians carried heavy wood- 

 en crosses to commemorate Christ's last walk, as Israeli po- lice and soldiers stood guard against possible Arab terrorist attacks; Roman Catholic, Protestant and Greek Orthodox worshippers along with Armenians, Copts and Syrians par- ticipated in. a series of ceremonies. 

Tens of thousands of persons—prelates, pilgrims and tour- 

 ists — watched in the cool, damp evening air nn Rome's 
Palatine Hill as the Pope carried the six-foot cross of light wood in the ceremony commemorating. Christ's agony and death. 

As he did last year, the Pope watched as the procession went 

 to the first nine of the 14 stations of the cross. He sat motionless with hands clasped and eyes downcast, then took up the cross for the final stations. 

It had rained for 24 liours f«iore the procession, but the 

 skies clearedas the starting time approached. 

The Pope has suffered two recent attacks of influenja,' and 

 doctors convinced him not to attend die traditional Good Fri- day service In St. Peter's Basilica earlier Friday. 

The Pope also suffers from an arthritic back condition — 

 possibly aggravated by Rome's Easter rains — that makes both bending and sitting painful. 

Fishing for Their Supper 

Sirgio Carteran, left, and his brother Edward clean out their "haul" of crawfish. The brothers joined other local boys for an afternoon of fishing in the sun. They were at • the creek bounding Fort Sam Houston. 

Boyle's Lawyers Want 
To Prove Him Innocent 

MEDIA, Pa. (A!1) — Attorneys for convicted 

 murderer W. A. "Tony" Boyle said Friday they were working on motions seeking a new trml for the former United Mine 
1 Workers pres- 

 ident. 

"We still consider Mr. Boyle innocenl," said 

 f). Frank Kanipfc, one of (lie attorneys \\he- represented Boyle in the thai which ended 
Thursday night in three verdicts of guilty of first-degree murder. Boyle was convicted ol the murders of 
UMW rebel 
Joseph "Jock" 

Yablonski, his wife and daughter. 

The attorneys said they hoped to til? the 

 motions next week before Judge Francis J. 
Catania in Delaware County Common Pleas 
Court. No date was set for sentencing, but a first-degree murder conviction carries a 

 mandatory life sentence. 

Another Boyle attorney, Charles K. Moses, 

 was fined SI Friday (or releasing informa- tion that had been impounded by the court. 

Moses was fined by Judge John V. Diggins for 

 disclosing to a reporter informalion about a motion he had filed last month, asking trial the results of jwlygraph tests token by Boyle be 

 admitted as evidence in the trial. 

Special Prosecutor Richard A. Sprague, who 

 has now convicted nine persons in the New- 
Year's Eve 1969 Yablonski murders, urged that no sanctions be imposed on Moses. He could have been sent to jail and fined as much as 
55,ooo. 

Diggins said he accepted 
Sprague'sl 

 recommendation, "but I felt that (he situation where I found him guilty required something in the way of a salutary sanction." He added: 

"I fined him SI which he promptly paid and 

 departed." 

The motion by Moses, which the court denied, 

 sought to have the polygraph test because it was "favorable to Mr. Boyle." 

The 72-year-old Boyle, who is said to bo fn 

 poor health, was to be flown back to a federal prison hospital in Springfield, Mo., sometime this weekend. 

Boyle, who Is serving a Ihree-year sentence 

 for making illegal political contributions with union funds, was reported in good spiriLs 
Friday at a local liospllat. 

THE FAMILY STORE 

Sale Prices Good 

Today Only! 

17-Feel (If l.nw n 
I'll rui lure Welibinn. 
!•:»!.>-Tii-tiislali: 
" - ' lire. I.* 

I're-Seeded Ftowvr P^ 
Heil. lilmnns in ! 
K"k 

In (i Wk-,: 12-Kl. 
I 

XT-IS i tlcfi. 9SC 
^/ 

CUP N' SAVE 
ClfPN'SAV* 

~$ City League Base* r*^ hall Is Official 

Sizo aud Weight! 

Kiclrfcr's (Jlovt 
1. 

Kiglil, Lofl-UAn l.calher-l.ini'd! 

CUP N' SAVE 

 llieyelc Tool Hag. 
AtlichnsTo-Scit! 
Vinyl. TMn.Unjt 
F73M lien. 1.15 

CLIP N'SAVE • CUP N'SAVE • CUP N'SAVE 
CUP N'SAVE I CUP 1ST SAVE 

LlquIJTurtlcWnx! 
Cle.inn, I'rutucl.i! li-()i. Hotllc. 

Trnllrrllitrhltnll 
Aiul Hull! Hi-Iii. llnll.Dir-Cnsl! 
Crjw.i Itefi. 2.51) 

Slumlord Clothes 
Itud'.SleeHiml, 
HuhherKpiicera! 
«'""" Hcfi.l.O 

Sliatik I'atlc'rn Hue. 
Steel Shank And 
Hlacle. Wnnd Handl.; 
Vl«s Rep. 3.99 

CUP N'SAVIE 

Spr.iy I'a int. 
Many C'olors! 

CUP ft' SAVE 

1o-ln. Wire llriish. 
Hardwood Shot' 
Handle! Tough! 
HinT rtcfi.95P 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED 

OR YOUR MONEY BACK 
12 Convenient 
Locations in the 
San Antonio Area! 

 t Ck»»1 it n^l Wriirrn A 
11 to t'w.paity-Oi* rn^ f jt^rtt* 

"San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

SAY...HAPPY EASTER WITH FLOWERS. 

WOLFE NURSERIES OFFERS 

THOUSANDS OF BLOOMING COLORFUL 
POTTED PLANTS FOR EASTER GIVING. 

BLOOMING 
EASTER 
LILIES 

SPKIAL GROUP 

3 

BLOOMS 

SPECIAL GROUP 

4 

BLOOMS 

LARGER SIZE PRICED IN RATIO 

No Easter is perfect without this pot plant, targe flowers, beautiful green foliage. 

BLOOMING 

GLOXINIAS 

Large beautiful wax like flower. 
The ideal Easter gift.398 

BLOOMING 

HYDRANGEAS 

Two large, beautiful blooms. 
VERY COLORFUL, 
BRIGHT PINKS 

LARGER SIZE PRICED IH RATIO3 

BLOOMING 

HYDRANGEAS 

 tARGE BEAUTIFUL 
BLOOMS BRIGHT 

PINK 
$298 

 ea. 

FANCY LEAF 

CALADIUMS 
Thousands to choose from 

Red, pinks and while 

 for 
45 

BLOOMING 

CHRYSANTHEMUMS 
Yellow, White, Bronze. Large plants with IS or more blooms. Growing .in 6" pots. each'' 

"Have your selection gift-wrapped at a slight extra charge." 
Thousands of blooming potted plants received daily for Easter. 

LARGE SIZE. AU CO1o8S 

LIMIT 7o 

CALADIUM BULBS 

WHITES. PINKS. BEDS. 

28 
REG. 49c 
Mm*f ca. 

COUPON GOOD THRU SAT.. APRIL 13 

$Q 
AZALEAS p 

M$ 
A.. Stf,''"1 ••'•••"• 
A m ?]t; 
LIMIT 4 
(L c e y y ? : 
REG. $1.49 
OJ ca. ft 

2"rf ''lEg 
COUPON GOOD THRU SAT., APRIL 13 
$% c^c^r€i::c^i^Jj^c^^^^^c|Klj 

J^YCUP AfTp*BRj\°G~fHls COUPON)^ 

WAXLEATlUaDUM 

USUAL 89' 

Ideal ih.vbor hcdgi ploiM 

12 la IB" loll 
M « 

LIMIT 1o 
^ ^ tf uf ea. 

COUPON GOOD THtU SAT.. APRIL 13 

 sSsaEr 
8" 
8 

THESE ARE THE BIG ONE! 

ALL COLORS. 

LIMIT 5 

REG. 49c 
2oe 

COUPON GOOD THRU SAT.. APRIL U rj 

•ifi»S£";sfl yj;, 

 luivUStti:1 

J [CLIP AND BRING THIS COUPON) f 

CRAPE MYRTLE PLANT 

 r'.Bi,s.-ie 5% 

LADY BANKSIA ROSE |l M „ 

CLIWBER YELLOW OR WHITE. 
«[< ?]|5 
W<1,c,mekn R,d. g,o»ing in I 8ol. »n 
W, 

GROWING IN 1 GAL. CANS g% f\, f.J 'ft 
V • 

WELLROOIED. 
HO 
*%m 
LI"" 1o 
3 fV 

LIMIT4 
**^^ 
M M 
REG. $1.99 
Tf\J 

COUPON GOOD THSU SAT., APRIL 13 
|JJ | t 
COUPON GOOD THRU SAT , AfRIL 13 

S$O (a't'p AND" "BRI'NG 

....... LAWN "& "LEAF BAGS 

5-36",6o" RUGGED LEAK PROOf BAGS. 

ILMII 4 PKGS. 
*\ fl , 

PER PACKAGE 
1 J* C 

REG. 98c 
>J O pkg 

COUPON GOOD THRU SAT .. APRIL 13, 

RED BUD TREE 

Mf, 
4 to 6 fl. latl 

 f.A growing in I gal. ton 

£*V 
LIMIT 4 

M 
REG. $1.98 

?W? ' 
COU^N GOOD THRU SAT., AfRU 13 

PEACH TREE 

Glowing in 1 gol. cam, 

BEST VADIETIES 

5 to 6 fl. loll 
C ^ c A 

IIMI1 4 
> "I 3 U 

REG. $3.98 
I e 

COUPON GOOD THRU SAT., APRIL 13 

;!6 

"(CLIP ANp]^BRjNGj[S^COUPONJ 

APRICOT TREES 

 iRitir 
$•19o 

MOORPARX VARIEir 

« lo 5 It. loH 

LIMIT 3 

REG. $3.98 
I oa. 

COUPON COCO THRU SAT., APRIL I 3 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 
1. 1 5o7 RUIZ 
2. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 

3. 37oo BROADWAY 
4. 6714 SO. FLORES 

5. 1134 PAT BOOKER RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 

Complied .From 

Is Paris 
Pulling 
Our Leg? 

Returning are the ilays of one 

<nec gently crossing nnothor, in inch «r less of flesh flnshing at a stocking top. After a dec- ide of domination, the pan- yhose conspiracy is trembling nits socks. 

Stockings and garter bell 

 sales arc up 2o per cent in Paris 
:his spring, especially among vonien 17 to 25, according to ndnstry figures. And a small boom is expected by fall. 

"It's fine news." said Anloinc 

31o[idin, a popular 
French 

 writer who has campaigned 
•igainst pantyhose. "The first thing I give a woman I love is a 
;nrler belt. 

"There's nothing more 

 ilesert-Uke than pantyhose —no contrasts — and nobody visits a; desert. The garter belt on (lie other hand is like a James Bond weapon. The thigh encircled, 
Ihe arrow of the garter, the little bit of promised land between the panty and the stocking. It's as beautiful a design as the 
Parthenon." 
• 

The origin of the fashion is 

 apparently the nostalgia wave of the 193o's and movies in which aciresses like Jacqueline 
Bisset looked nicely evil in stockings ami a garter belt. 

"It's obviously erotic," said1 

Jacques Matalon, a spokesman: for the stocking industry. "Why describe it any other way?" 

Matalon said the''fashion 

 seemed to be making inroads in 
Britain, but that the United 
States was still mired in the pantyhose era. In fact, he said 
American stocking manufac- turers with large stocks have been inquiring about selling 
Ihem off on (lie new French market. 

Blondin, a serious writer who 

 had a Page One commentary mi the French presidential election in the newspaper le 
Figaro on Friday, is cdiniilel- infi a bnnk on the garter hell. 

Garter Belts Snap Back 

A French model displays something to make U.S. pan- tyhose manufacturers tremble. Production of garter belts was almost stopped when young people in Paris started asking for them. — AP Wirephoto. 

The $41o Headache 

Residents near the Chicago campus of 

 the University of Illinois were fed up with illegal parking by students. 

,So they look matters into their own hands. 
They hired H bricklayer and bad a wall built around the aulo 

 of a repeated violator at a cost of ^1o nncl said they were prepared-to arrest him for irespassing if be tried to gel the car oul. 

On Friday, a city tow truck pulled down the wall after lire 

 car was found to bo stolen from n suburban car dealer. Police 

Offbeat 

Maybe His New Devices 
Will Box Big Oil's Ears 

By Sum Klmlrlck 

His paws were coaled with grease, but the 

 stocky guy with gap-toothed grin, gray hair and slight scar tissue around his eyes was unmistakable. 

 tun mi fac I u re rs rmilcl maki' a cur thai \viiulil hist 511 years if they wauled tci. And hr is con- vinced that a trained engiucrr. ulilmiiK his scientific irainiiiK. cuiild iuiprove iiiJiin hi* inven- tion until a car cinild gel IHU miles per Rallnn. 

Block 

But tile MK oil interests 

 ui't want Ihis." JiiiTgcns 

Klndricli 

II liacl been almost II) years 

 since I last saw Al Jueri;ens, the former welterweight 

 champnm of Texas whusc left look served as in ahrupt siiiu- nilent tn many foes in the rinfi. 

Jnuhlf-lmiKh 
(Inker who 

 tiii'neil a luiek- vvaril flip in the ring after every victory, hud just rolled into San 
Antonio from lielleville, III., to display his gas-saving device. 
Two dnvices, that is. 

"So far," .luergens said, "i 

 haven't found anyone interest- ed in marketing them, liul I'm not (jiving up." 

He was at Ancira-Winliin 

Chevrolet, installing what lie calls a mis expansion valve. It hunks onto the lop of the alter- nator, pro-heals fuel before it reaches (lie carburetor, and 

CTHcnb swears il enables ;i 

 car (o increase <ras mileage by five miles a gallmi. 

But his real baby—which lias 

 tjcen written np in lllinni.s newspapers—is a me thud of running the engine of a car with only gasoline fumes. 

Al showed me the setu|> on 

 his 
19112 Chevrolet station 

 wagon (he paid S7f> for il). 
From the car's air filler, a rubber hose rims directly to a can containing a small liil of 

 gas. 

"(Joining to Texas." lie said. 

"I got about 5o miles lo Ihe gallon." 

He noted that Ihe car will 

 perform just as well mi fumes from die.se I fuel. 

"It's so simple," Jiiergims 

 said. "All a car runs off nf is fumes anyway." 

.luergens believes that auto 

 arotkin s 

SAVE *OO.O 

 iniied wryly. "They would HO itianas if I K"l tliis thing on e market." 
Some around here tlioughl 
I's brains miiilM have been 
•rambled frimi absnrbiiiK so any knuckle bombs. Mill 
KTHCHS maintains t h a t lie 
)[>nl time in the slate hospital fter suffering a nervous rcakdown when his first wife ft him 
Al's fight record is nut en- rely chronicled in King ecord Bonk. lie lias had Tar lore fistic imbroglios in bars lid iturkiiii: lots thai lie ever ad on cam as. lie looks good now. Hallier islingiiished with his aliimsl- ilally gray hair. Hut it's on- ions that .incr»eiis is minus a ni[)le of extra Ici'lh since he ist left Sao Atilnnin. 

"Auollier fii:liP>'" he was sked. 
"Naw," Juergens said. "1 nlled "em willi a pair of hers." 
•Tliers'.'" 
"Vcali." .loergcn.s said. "I ever could slain! dentists." 
A] -luergcns must certainly 

 nive n low pain threshold. He's iceii Nil with everything bill a ing post. 
"I liaveri'l liad anothet cavity 

 since I quit smoking three lacks nf cigarellcs a day. dip- ilug snuff and chewing toliac- 

Al said. 

Sorry, Olive, 
But Popeye 
Is Cheetah 

Popeye suddenly 

 ms become the lover 
)oy of Lion Country 
Safari at 
Grand 

Prairie. 

I'npi'yo h;ul licon <islr;u:i/r{| 

 i>y liis |iccrs ninsl nf Ins life. 

 lire mil .siLilnr.s. lint 

 ho;ir I i.s. (^iifi'ii <!ns) 

(.•licet iihs. 

A spokesman for Ilio |«rk 

 said Friday that Popeyc h;is just become1 llu.' fathur nf iin- other Utter, the SPCUIK! williiii ;i inonlli. Eiich litter liadxixcuhs. 

And, s;ii(i Ihi1 .spnkcsnviii, 

 ihoro is :i dcop suspicion that iiiiothor female will lx?;ir liis rntis shortly. 

The spokesman siii<l no nni- 

(Mil toll why l'o|x>yc suddenly 
'lias lice-Lime amiiniiis. Tin1 

 pamo \vartlon.s uiu) nltoadrd liiui ill Africa s;ji{3 otfK 
1! 
1 flii'i?- 

 l;ilis winilil mil accept him then1, iinil until rcci-nlly lie w:is nn lioller liked after he WLIS bnniHhl in (Irand Vrairie tun ami :i half years au.ii. 

 lie is rhli'rly, ion, at srvrn 

 years. A\'(r] ?it^e life span is 1o vear.s. 

STEREO COMPONENT 

NOW is the time for YOU to SAVE $9o. And ov/n one of the finest Stereo Component Sols made. The 
Magnavox Magna-Sonic 8 Track Stereo Cartridge Player System. Features include automatic Mark I 
Record Player, 8 Track Stereo Cartridge Player, Solid State FM Stereo / AM Radio Amp, Two 6" 
Speakers and Two 2]h" Speakers, plus Auxiliary jack for headphones. Take advantage of this $9o 
Savings. TODAY! 

Regular Price $249.95 

Special Price 

Our Own Convenient Credit Plus Master Charge"' and BankAmericard' 
15995 

North Star 

I SonPnJro A Loop 41o 

342-M31 

Ofl. IS? Ms., rt,r>, 1,1. 

»1o-l full.Wd, M. 

Downtown 

331 I. Commerc* 

137-6361 

Dfin f-13o Hit. Ikiw hi. 
(li(«f) llwtl. Bill IMIK) 

Big M Ctty 

S. New Braunloli t 

E. Southcrott 534*61 ftt 

C^ntOf »(KirIh.n,frl 
Optfl H» tun, »i<. Sal. larotkin's 

 malf. ,i,,v Imuir < Illllr mnir Ilkr linnlr 

Miss Your 

Paper? 

The carrii't' sale.sninn ser- 

•icini; yniir neiRhhorhiicii] ilrivos In ijive MIKH! service. inl if at anytime ymi fail In 
•(•reive ycnir 
Kxiiress. 

 ilease call 22o-7-11 1. nmila- inn department fur priimpl lelivery of tin1 tnissinii 

'lease (Mil \\lttitn llir 

Ininrs ..... 

MOKNJNC KXI'ltr.SS 

7A.M. lo!):1o A.M. 

 i-:vr:NiN{j NI:WS 
5:3o l'.M.(i»7 P.M. 

SATL'KDAV 

ICXPKKSS-NI-IWS 
3 A.M. lo II A.M. 

SUNDAY I'lXI'HI'iSS-NKWS 

7 A.M. lo 12 Nnon 

Thank You! 

Sears 

Women's 
Easter Shoes 
3o% 
5o% Off 

Regular $7.99 to 

PRE- 
EASTER 

SATURDAY 

Sari Arrtonto EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 
' 
Pag«7-A 
''? ' : 

:>,g 

• The Shoe Place 

Boys' Sizes 8 to 12 

ENTIRE STOCK 

Suits and Sportcoats 
3o%">5o%off 

Regular $13.99 to $24.99 

Boys' 3-pc. Casual Sets 

Set includes: 
I / 
• v , 

Slacks, shirt 
/ O i~"'^T*'| f~* fit 

 and belt. 
/ 
*Ll 
-L 
-L JL V^ vl/ 

Regular $7.99 

• Hoys' Wear 

Children's 

ENTIRE STOCK 
Easter Wear 
3o% »5o%, 

Students' 

ENTIRE STOCK 

Suits and Sportcoats 

Regular SI 3.99 to $42 

• The I'lit-on-Slinp 

S5.99 toSI«.99 

 l.itlln hoys' suits, drr.ssos nml pant sc.ls for lilllr girls'. 

• Children's Wear 

Girls' Sizes 7 to 14 

ENTIRE STOCK 

Easter Dresses 
4o% Off 

Kcgulai-S6.99 to S15 

• Girls' Wear 

 lrh, IT on Srurs llrvolving C. 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

SatUfactlon Gunr»iit««<l or Your Money Back 

All Sule Prices in Effect thru Saturday, April 13th Only 

Sears 
.11A US, tOKlUCK AND CO, 

Downtown I'lnn Sltirr 

Solnlml nl Nnvnrro 

Mon. niul Tlitin. <)i:)o-V 
All Other llnjn 'JiilO-l, 

MililBry Drive Slorc 

 nt I'lrnsiiuloii Itil. 

Mon. Ihru Snl. 

(.Vnlrnf I'nrk 

Son I'cilrn nl l.nop 41o 

Moil, lliru Sat. 

 r i 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Saturday, April 13, 1974 

 if®ClIfl<f 11 C 

^'•••'H'-.-l 
"" 
N! 

\ ' • ' i •' 
:v-» 

H"''--^ 

Corf Less 
Levitz Warehouse 

;>:^ . COAST TO COAST ^,-;<v-'"' 

Right Now. Enjoy Greater Selection... 
Greater Savings... 

Only J..OT).«Z Could Do It! 
No one sells ns much famous brand furnilurc direct to the public as Lcviix. Wiircliouscs coast to coast! Our buyers consistently search out the best values. Manufacturers continually come to us with special oilers — all at groat discounts — and we select the greatest values! We buy for less! 
Our handling costs are less! We sell Cor less — much less! 

Why Price?. A re So Ixnv ! 
Our unique cost-cutting Warehouse methods are the secret. Retail frills are eliminated: Warehouse and Showroom arc under one root' next to our own railroad siding . . . merchandise handling is mechanised . . . you select from Showroom samples and pick up your purchase immediately or we'll deliver at a small charge. Cosh are lower 
. . . prices are lower . . . you save more — much more ! 

Remember. It's not what you save... it's what you save it on dial's important! At Levit/ you save on Famous Brands you know and mi^i! 
Warehouses coast-to-coast give us tremendous buying power. See for yourself. Browse scores of model rooms. Pick from accessories to suites. 
Enjoy the nation's best. ..for less! 

YOUR CHOICE 

GEORGIA- PAC IFI C 

WILLIAMS FURNITURE DIVISION 

 ij Open Daily 1o a.m. to 1o p.ni 

3 
Closed Sunday 

It, |H 

• 77" TRIPLE DRESSER o 2 TWIN MIRRORS 
« HEADBOARD a BEDSIDE CHEST 

• TRESTLE TABLE 
> 
, ' ' , , ' • 
= .! 
'V 

& 4 CHAIRS 
''i , i "•'•' ' 
.! 

OR, 
- 
/' r. 

• CHINA 
; ' 
' 

Make Meals A Joy With This 
5-Pc. Set Of Colonial! 

Enjoy authentically styled colonial! 
Set includes 7o"x<iO" trestle table with 2 12" apron leaves 
4 side chairs in the pri/.ed arrow- 

 back styling ... all finished in deep, rich pine! Also see the magnificent china with 4'drawer. 2-door base 

1 and hutch top with 2 doors, shelf display! 
Pino grained design on simulated word products 

ARMOIRE1177 

 f '^^^^^^SiK 
~^i.~r 
• .a.Z£fH&Si iWVS 
----•££ 

«,-,— r:yr?^r?» *S -*•••'-• ^^ 
^,-*H^f^ 
^T^.^ i! i i'v'i 
I 
(,-J i 
! if 
'•'' 
1 v^""°tr^BST "^i^^ i'i 
:~ii_y 
- 
^ -^ i 
; 

N" 
L 
-irfi 
4.-f.v.«-mMTm V » n r / / H n i P 
-t/V.-.-; ^V-*A;^":'^^>^'^^^^^^Vi: ^A-, p 
J .^|k^^^---^ m^^^^^^mi^^^ - Ji 

Barwick S-I'c. Spanish Hcdrnom is a stunning beauty finished in Mediterranean cherry! Suite includes 77" O-drrmer triple dresser, nMilstiiml, - mirrors ;md full or queen headboard . . . all at one low price! 
Cherry grained design on simulated wood products 

,rg^s^r~~^-'^?»- 
!I:^X^B^ 
-l'"r<;~ <*=rS iif^TTHSBftna 

C'OCK IAH.OK liNDTAlil.l. 

RIGHT 

•&&, F'rrtiW-1 m 
I 

Dutchur IJloek Look Tables are your-, now ,it iircal .savings! C'hoose 54"x22" 
Tntluiil Table or 28"x2o" End Table vviih liuicher hlock pattern on vinyl, heavy chrome pbied ends. 
_ sn 
IS" [Uincliinj! Tallies 
I/ 

')-](c. Comer 

 luisAM-FMMcreii radio! ') pc. 
.scl includes 2 hci.v fouiKlatious. 2 inattrcs- 
.ses. 2 covers. 2 holsters plus table with 
"built-in" music unit. Save! 

Oversi/.cd Kockcr-Recliner has seat und biscuit lulled hack covered iii lleraikm olefin. All the ix-,1 is smootli supple vinyl. 
You'll pri/e the 3-positioiicomfort. . .chan- neled arms.. .welled ottoman! 

 tik 
.'.\ sUt 

SAN ANTONIO :,»:«) i^f.^.-u,!. i ,„,„ 

" 
' 
(III)) 

YOUR i 

Kroehlcr Royale Colonial Style 
Sofa-Sleeper is a charmer in rujigcd I Icr- culon olefin. iiy day it's a 7o" sofa ... hy night it .sleeps 2 in ultimate comfort. Have it with graceful wing design, box pleated skirl. Save! 

 llerculon olefin 
V. /' 

3-Pc. llerculon Seclional isovcr2.Ht. of versatile beauty! So smart with recessed plalform hascs, deep foam reversible cush- ions, simulated slate uihlc lops, rich walnnt finisli trim! Walnut grained design on simulated wood products 

 j] 
All merchandise is priced for pick-up at our dock in 

J1 the original factory container. Or. ifyon wish, we'll 

TWIN 

OK 

J'UI.L 
|j ilelivcr lor a slijjlil charge. 

 is 

Simmons Full Or Twin Quilted Coin- jj Instant Credit Available If You Qualify 

 fort Bedding is covered in a luxurious decorator lloral. 253 coil jnnerspring inai- 
Iress has ricli (]iiillin(!, cradles your body in comfort. M coil box .spring fiwiKialion yive.s firm support. 

11 

D«fi from NATIONAL WEATHER 
SERVICE, 

HOAA, U.S. D»pi. ot Commrc» 

T«rrip«rotUfti 
Art Av*iog« 
For Ar*o 

High Ttrnp«ratur«i Expected 
For Oaytimi Saturday 

Heavy Rains Reported 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Heavy rain clouds oiimled an area from 

Mississippi'to eastern 
| Texas on Friday. 

 jj& 
Tlic storm dumped as much 

 fj. as M indies of rain on central 

Louisiana. 

The downpour that hit a 4o- 

 mile wide strip in Louisiana left tlie community of Wlnnfiold a virtual island as nearly all highways around the town were 

TEXAS WEATHER 

Forecast! o'l q Glance 

Foreccil Ttmo R 

Co 

Sal. Sun. 
1o1111o 
«-65 35-58 

Cloudy, cooler 
''" 
<JS-S5 JJ E2 

CICHidv, warm 

C(J° 
63-83 62-66 

Cloudv, warm 

PUiCh^isll 
7SB3 
7S-S5 

75 S3 75-8S 

5573 5?-75 

Cloudy, 

Vic or fa 

Claudv. 

Oa tas Porl Worih 

Fair, miftf 

McA'Icn-DrownsvitTc 
7o-95 7o 9o 

Croudv* VTQ rm 

Hoyslon 
6S.B2 «-Bi 

Cloudy, mi'cf 

'flooded. Some motorists were rescued by boat. 

The rains moved Into central 

Mississippi by midday, dump- ing nearly 6 inches of rain in the 
McGee area. Orange, Tex,, reported 3 inches. 

The clouds were part of a cold 

 front that stretched back into the Dakotas, where snow fell. 
Uain fell along the front from 
Minnesota and the western 
Great Lakes through the Ohio 
Valley. 

Stockmen's advisories were 

 posted for the Upper Plains, the central 
Rockies and south- 

 ern Idaho. 

Hail the size of moth balls 

 pelted.Chicago's business sec- tion during afternoon. 

Clouds increased in the east- 

 ern part of the nation, but the coastal states still enjoyed some sunshine. Temperatures were mild. 

On the Pacific bmst, weallier 

 was moslly cool and sunny. 

Clear Skies Cover State 

ASSOCIATED PHESS 

Clear skies and mild tem- 

 peratures covered much of the state Friday although the rem- nants of a frontal system con- tinued to dump heavy amounts of rain in Southeast Texas and along the Coastal Bend. 

The Weather Service reported 

7.5 inches of rain In tire Toledo 
Bend area fell late Thursday and early Friday. • 

Hail and wind whipped 

 through the Beaumont-Orange 

 area early Friday as the cool- er, drier air moved toward the 
Gulf. Clearing skies and cooler temperatures followed passage of the front, prompting weath- ermen to forecast good iveaChcr through the Easter weekend for most of Texas. 

Temperatures climbed in to 

 the 7os and 8os at most points 
Friday. At noon, Brownsville. 
San Antonio, and McAllen had readings in the 8os while far 

 northern points had readings in the 6os. 

-r3Ati' JNTOHIO .-.*ND .'VICINI- 
TY.—Pflriiv cloudy Qolifrdav, bul becoming loir.Savjrda*. right and Sun- day, ConliAuta warm davi. 3ouilxai>' lerly wlndi i Jo U mcb fncrwjlno Sa- turday lining la rwrlhw*irer[y kjle Sa- turday r.lghl. The high SaJu/da,' ihculd be Mi Ihe mkTIDj ot\tr an ovunlotit tow 
In tn« nrfd Wj. Hlgti Sunday In )h» Idv/ 
Mi alftr an overnight taw In ihg mW SOi, 
Sunriie 7:iO; idi ;:». Moon I* full. 
Rises ):3/ o.rrj. S«1i at H:It o/n. tNa- 
Honol V/taiher 5</v(ce Fwecaii.J 

PRE.CfPlTATIOU-Total folnfoil tor 

Ihe 14 tour, periDO ending ot 7 ji.m, 
Fr-Woy, trace; tor to« rronlh, ,Sl of an 
Inch; lor the.yeor, 3.15 Inchei. Ac- cumw-aled denarfure froai normal lor 
Ihe monih, mbiui ,34 cl an fnch; Icr Ihe veer, minui 3.7i Inches. 

RELATtV£ >(UM)Oiry-4? per ctf\l 

 ot 6 p m. • 

NORTH CENTRAL AIIO HORTXEAiT 

T E X A S —Pair Salurday and motlly clo«vdy,_Sconci'ed iho^ers end nwndtr- 
^lorm^ In ihc COM ihrougn Solurdo/ nlgiit. Ccorer In ihc Weil aro Cenlral 
Salurrfaf QMI In lh^ Morlheail Soturday n'ohl, 

NORTItV/EST TEXAS-Clrar 1o oortlv 

 cloudy or^j coo'er In the Notlh tirtl over 
Ihe area 5ofur-day r4gt->l. 

SOUTH 
AND 
SOUTHEAST 
TE- 

?(A§-Choncfr ol shower* and Ihun- dtrihov,crs' over ihc Eojl <,nd Soufh porirons Soryrdoy and Solurdov' niflhl. 
Po^ilv ffoudy t:*eY.birc and clearing fn 
Ihe W«s1 Dorllwi Soijfdoy nlohl 

WEST TEXAS-pear lo oortly cloudy 

 end coder In ifce llcrlh Soiurdoy ar.d over Ihe Oreo Saiwdoy fllghi. 

NATiOiUL-Cleutfv *h^» h 1he Upper 

Rockies will sorcod fnio on area ol ihowe/s ond SCQ* In 1hc Upper Plains. 
Shortcrj Vfiil extend In the Pair through ihc norlhern Great l.okes inlo Ihe northtasl. Showers and Ihur.t.'ersKovfcri are e^Mcfct; In porii cf Kan?ai, eaMcrn 

 nsylvartfa o.-.d from \ne Tenr.«see 

Volley Wo Ihe Carolina* and Geora'a. 
The remainder ot Ihe nation win be loir to partly cloud/. Tempcrolurei will be cocter rrom'lfie cen;rai pfotcau l.lro'.ofi 
Ihe ncMhfrrn and cenlroi plalr.j, me Ohio 
Valfey and the northern and central 
Allgnllc Coosf. The res! of lh« naiio-i vrlll b« warmer. 

TEMPERATURE EXTREMES: 
Hrohest, 93 degre« nl McAllen 

MARINE 

COASTAL V/IUDS-SoutheoMetlv 

 w;ncfs t4 fo 24 muh Sai-jrdav. 

+Tl?[i^*"Suni:Joy~Aran'as Pa"-"-'- High ot ii:s; a.m. LOW a1 3:o? o.m. Porl 
Isotel: Hloh at 1;o4 p.m. Lev/ at 3'o3 a.m. 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 

San AnlQnlo 
63 
87 
.CO 

 p 
SOUTH TEXAS 

Recvil't 
'** 75 
55 
'^ 

Brownsville 
75 
71 
'ni 

SmfAntpnlo EXPRESS-NEWS-Saturday, April 13, 1974 
H 

-The Weather 

SUN ANTONIO 

PRECIPITATION 

If7) 
1172 
Av». die. 

Aprd 
1,14 
1.11 

Mdy in II.H 

Jum 
1MI 
Ml jwy 
*,»i jn 

August i.» «.M 
5«»i, l).» |.» 
Oct. 
4.15 
I.It 

Ho*. 
9.11 
1.3* 

DIC. 
»,U 
O.U 

Ml 11.44 
JlS 
14,o7 

Mi 
1D.44 

JM 
».!» 

)XI 
\ f . J t i.» I.H 
1.17 
(7! 

1.71 
11! 

It74 
1»73 
AY6. Rec. 

Jon. 
1)1 
J.77 

Fib. 
OH 
».« 

Mar. 
O.M 
I. II 

A»rH 
(.SI 
S.U 

I.T4 
Lit 

I I I 
7.H 

 l.<7 
4.1* 
MI n.n 

CorpusChrlitt 
72 

CotulkJ 
66 

Del RIO 
57 

Junction 
45 

Klngtvlllg 
7o 

.Victoria 
73 

TEXAS 

•Atnlene 
; so 

Alo!ne 
37 

Amorlllo 
3s 

EIPo53 
5? 

Forl Worth 
51 

Houston 
(8 

UubDOCk 
'.. . 44 

LUkln 
59 

WOCO 
'.'.'.'..'.'.'.'. Vj 

SOUTHWEST 

IS 
7< 
75 esei 
77 

Los Anaelei 
5S 
78 

Phoent* 
51 
S7 

Soil Lake Cllv 
3? 
4o 

SOUTH CENTRAL 

XonjflJCIV 
4? i4 

Loutivllle 
53 
71 

Memphis fo 
72 

OKIChorr.o City 
44 
74 

SI. Lours to 
79 

V/lch.la 
45 
69 

SOUTHEAST 

Birmingham 
Ct--ar:«lo-t 
Jacksonville 
Nf« Orieois 
Ralegh 
Richmond 

71 to 
79 
74 
71 ii 

NORTHWEST 

Bismarck 
32 
3j 

Bolie 
31 
49 

Cascer 
31 
37 

He:ero 
33 j) 

Portland,Ore 
37 
56 

.o? 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.o2 

.oo 
1.1o 
.oo 
.o3 
.1? 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 

FOR SALE 

Spanish home in Westwood Village. Cedar fence surrounds this 3 bdrm., 3 bath family home 
Dining room, 25oo sq. ft. of living area, large den is 2ox26, 2ox2o double carport, sewing room, 18x2o covered patio with BBQ pit- in addition, 2 sforx, 2 bdrm. apartment as part of the house. 26x26 sundeck with lovely view of the city. 3ox65 basketball court. 
$3o,ooo or make offer! 

IvyStrader 
MOFFETT LUMBER CO. 
Calvin Galm 

736-339o 
432-7881 
674-3118 

SHOWER OF 

Stf? 

ALL OUTDOOR TREES AND SHRUBBERY 

1/z PRICE!!!! 

FOR THE MONTH OF APRIL 

 ferti lome 

ROSE FOOD, 

Containing Systemic, Inseetidde'V 

LOVE STORY! ^;) 

The best friend y.oiir.ros£s ever Kadi Pene- trates directly to the root iystem. Excellent results. 
' . - . . - ;•;:--- 

 ferti tome 
•< 

PERM A 
TRIM 
EDGER 
• 

: 
(WITHOUT A CORD). 

Chemically edge your wolk, driveway, patio, foundation. No mixing. Free appticatorl 

 ferti lome 
ROOT 

STIMULATOR 

.•--. • 
• 
- 
- 
- 
. 
... a n d 
. 
:' 

:^ fLANT STARTER 

STIMULATING! 

Stimulate and strengthen early root forma, jion and development: Contains major plant foods plus chclatcd trace elements. 

SOIL 

CONDITIONER 

& DARK 

oo bag 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WIEK-8 A.M,-8 P.M. 

RoeHClly .......... 
34 

Son Fronchco ...... ij 
StoMre 
............. 
37 

71is 

NORTH CENTRAL 
CMcnoo 
............ 
S4 

ClJKlnollt 
........... 
M 

Oelrolt 
............. 
4S 

Oulylh 
.............. 
35 

 larfSannpotli 
........ 
55 

MKwaulcfe 
......... 
41 

Minn SI. Paul ....... « 
Omuha 
............. 
44 

Sit, Stc.Marle ...... 34 

NORTHEAST 

BosJcn ............. « 
Oufrato ......... ..,.45 
CleveiomJ ...... .... is 

.o* 
.oo 
.oo 
.o4 

.oo 
.o7 
.oo 

...... 
Mtw York car . 
. 

PIHltUro.... 

AcoouKo — 
Cuado'olaro... 
Mexico Cllv , 
Monterrey. .. 

....... 

Edmonton ..... 
Montreal 
...... 

........ 

 fteglr.a 
........ 

... 4) 
...M 

'. 46 

EXICO 

72 

... 41 

 ss 
55 

FA 
NORTH 

ANADA 

7o 
7o 

3) 
'a 
33 

.CO 
.CO 
.oo 
M 
.oo 

Toronto 
4) 
51 

Winnipeg 
34 
3t 

Vor.touver 
34 
51 

.3! 
.3o 
.oo 

ALASKA 

Anchoroflo 
31 
4) 
o3 

Folrbo.lki 
19 
3o oo. 

Juneou.,, 
34 
44 .irj 

FOREIGM 

(Qased on obiervalbns lahen ot 6 

 a.m. Friday, Son Antonio lime.) 
' 

Aberdeen 
Amsterdam... 
Ankara 
AU-.ens 
Auckland 
.Berrn 
Birmingham .. 
•Brussels 

43 J-KJS' il Cloudy 
51 Cloudy 
63 Clear tt Cloudy 
45 Rain 
46 Clcurly 
54 Dull 

 varan 

DISCONTINUED* 
PATTERNS 

KING SIZE 

3X SPRI 
$169 
$199 
$249 

7B"x8o" MATTRESS and BOX SPRINGS 

.1o-year guarantee 
Rest Rite.......... 

15-Year Guarantee 
Spine-A-Line 

2o-Year Guarantee 
Aire-O-Pedic 

QUEEN SIZE 

5X ! 
1 

MATTRESS and BOX SPRINGS- 

$ 
1o-year Guarantee 
Rest Rite 

15-Year Guarantee 
.S 

Spine-A-Line ..... 

2o-Year Guarantee 
Aire-O-Pedic 

MATTRESS and BOX SPRINGS 

1o-yr. Guar. 
Rest Rite 

15-Yr. Guar. 
Spine-A-Line ... 

2o-Yr. Guar. 
Aire-O-Pedic 

1NCLUOES 

7 FT. 

• Mattress • Foundation 

"The Swinger" 
• legs • Tufted 

King Round Bed "sa,db j on;d . 
M..,»»..d 
• Quilted Spread 

IAYAWAY 

OR 

TERMS 

SIZE 

2 MATTRESSES and 2 BOX SETS 

1o-Yr. Guar. 
Rest Rite 

15-Yr. Guar. 
$ 

Spine-A-Line ... 

Princess 

TRUNDLE BEDS 

• Choice of 

Headboards. 

• Includes 2 

 mattresses 

• Space saver 

«i,i.m».cTo.» 

SAVE ON ALL 

HEADBOARDS, SPREADS, 

FURNITURE & 

ACCESSORIES! 

NATION'S LARGEST FACTORY DIRECT TO YOU! 

OVER 17o FACTORY SHOWROOMS 

THROUGHOUT THE U.S.! 

NORTH 

3o21 WEST AVE. 

343-3264 

PERRIN-PLAZA 

OPENING 

SOON 

OPEN MOM. & THU8S. TIU 8 P.M. 

SOUTH 

7o4 S.W. MILITARY Dr. 

SHOPPERS CITY 

924-51o9 

Pag* 1o-A 
Saturday, April 13, 1974 

THESATtmnW 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

EDITORIALS 

• Rupert Murdoch 

Chairman 

Charles O. Kilpatrkk 
BdiJor and Pubfijher 

City Taking Big Bites 
And Can Give Some Back 

The Cily of San Antonio can afford 

 to waive more of the tax liability of over-65 homestead-owning residents. 
City Manager Sam Granata instructed the finance director this week to prepare estimates raising the exemp- tions to $1o,ooo from $3,ooo. 

The $1o,ooo exemption would cover 

 most homesteads of over-65 owners 
One estimate is that it would include all but about five per cent. Homes in that category would be owned by per- sons able to afford the taxes more readily than others. 

About 2o,ooo residences are in- 

Duval County's 
Political Gain 

We never thought we would live to 

 see the day that a Duval County elec- tion would end in a tie. 

But the mayor's race in Benavides 

 was dead heat—35o votes for the 
Parr-supported candidate and 35o for a candidate backed by Oscar Carrillo. 
Carrillo recently broke with the Parr organization. 

There are those who say that this is 

 simply one political machine battling another. And maybe it isn't the ideal situation. 

But in politics; two machines are 

 better than one. Each serves as a brake on the other. 

Of course what Duval County needs 

 is genuine democracy, with candidates supported on the basis of personal qualifications and "the national poli- tical party they represent. But maybe the current situation in Duval County is the forerunner of that 

 democracy—at long last. 

 volvcd in the present exemptions. 

The $1o,ooo exemption would cost 

 the city approximately S1.526.2GO on the current tax roil. The exemptions apply to only the ad valorem (axes which are about 4o per cent of the city's revenue. 

The compelling feature of tax-free 

 homesteads for older persons is ob- vious. Most of them are living on fixed incomes, usually finite modest. Some are living on relatively-meager in- comes. A significant number can't pay their taxes and will end up losing whatever estate they may have ac- cumulated because of tax debts. 
, 
The city's own expenses arc 

 increasing, of course, but so is its in- come. The sales tax will increase by more than enough to cover the homes- tead exemption. The hike will be about 
$1.7 million (lo about $ 4.5 million this year), even under the so-far hefty un- derestimating the city staff does. 

But two reasons for relief for those 

 on fixed income are utility and sewer bills. Higher prices for gas and oil for 
CPS generators is biting into 

 household accounts. Increase in payments lo the city have been about 
$1 million a year on the city's 14 per cent of CPS gross revenues.' 

The sewer tax {called a service fee) 

 was raised 8o per cent. City income from that source alone will increase from ?3.5 million to $6.3 million, bud- get projections indicate. That money is supposed to go for sewer services but it has been used to meet some payroll items, probably through error. 

The point is that some of the tax-fee 

 bite ought to be returned where it can be done. It's the big totals that count and the city is in relatively good financial condition. 

Pan American Round Table Became 
Mother of the Good Neighbor Idea 

A compassionate and imaginative 

San. Antonio woman had an idea 58 years ago that still lives. 

The woman was the late Mrs. 

Florence Terry Griswold, who from years of ranching on the border, had much knowledge and affection for 
Mexico. 

During the Mexican Revolution 

 thousands fled the country,, many corning to San Antonio. Mrs, Griswold was touched by the plight of homeless and penniless women and children. 

Siie first took many of the Mexican 

 women and children into her own home and rallied help from friends. 
Then came the idea. 

In 1916 she called a meeting of San 

Antonio women at the Monger Hotel and proposed an organization to help these women and children. 

She suggested it be called the "Pan 

American Round Table of San An- tonio" and take its motto from the original Round Table—"One for all and all for one." 

So successful was the effort that 

 when Mexico's troubled times ended, the'Mexican government invited them to the capital and sent a special train to Nuevo Laredo for them. At every stop there were songs and flowers 
—and the reception in Mexico City was memorable. 

The Pan American Hound fable of 

San Antonio will meet again at the 
Monger Saturday night. 

Guest of honor will be Sra. Carmen 

 de Barrio Nuevo of Lima, Peru, Sra. de 13arrio Nuevo is Director General of the Alliance of Pan American Round 
Tables. 

From San Antonio the idea of 

 friendship and help between women on a person-to-person basis has spread over the Southwest in the U.S. and much of the Latin-American world. 

There are 125 Round Tables in 15 

 countries with more than 3,ooo members. 

San Antonin salutes Sra. de Barrio 

Nuevo. And San Antonio no less salutes the "Mother of the Good 
Neighbor Idea"—the Pan American 
Hound Table of San Antonio. 

Meanwhile — Back at Thc Retirement Home 

The Place of Love 
In American Army 

By Robert D. Helnl Jr. 

HIP A 
WASHINGTON-Second 
Lt. 

Mary Lou Follett, a comely blonde Army nurse on duty in Heidelberg, Germany, (hinks 
Pfc. James C. Johnson is really first-class. 

And therein lies Hie Army's continue, is clearly 

 problem. 
"prejudicial to good order and 

Colleagues in the same lies- discipline," and thereto™ 

 pital, at least until military chargeable If the Army—which authorities found out what was finds itself in somewhat of a going on, Pfc. Johnson and Lt. quandary over the Jolmson- 
Fnllett arc sharing a coxy off- Kolletl affair-should try to base apartment. 
(ake the case to a court-mar- 

Contending thai the 

 arrangement reverses llio traditional relationship 

 between officers and enlisted men, the Army says this con- stitutes conduct unbecoming an officer, or conduct to flic prejudice of gnnd order and discipline, depending on which- position you lake. 

' According to military 

 lawyers, for Miss Follelt, a commissioned officer, lo share accommodations, let alone ac- commodate and cook for Pfc. 
Johnson, constitutes what is loosely but not legally 

 described as "fraternization" with an enlisted man. 

This is conduct tryable under 

 the traditional catch-all charge for misbehaving officers, 
"conduct unbecoming an of- ficer and a gentleman." 

 tial. 

The few sucli domestic-rela- 

 tions cases that do go lo court, or end in administrative separations from the service with prejudice, involve 

 homosexual relationships. 

In this instance, however, as- 

 one officer remarked, "There's obviously nothing queer abuul 
Pfc. Johnson." 

Natural 

Thus, the Army's dilcinmu 

 lies in the direct conflict between well established socio- disciplinary rules that 

 prescribe normal relationships between officers and enlisted men, and the obvious fact thai an attractive young woman and young man, both, in their 3os, are sharing each other's lives and very literally only doing 
, ¥ , what comes naturally. 
A Lady 
,„. 

U. Foiled, to be sure, fails to „ ^underlying rationale, 

 meet certain essential criteria a™?l«Mh ""'""?• f°r.llle of a gentleman, but, as a ?j™*;lenf h *cparatlon nf of- woman officer, she is. by Act of and soltllcrs save m bat- 

Congress a lady, and thus tlc is U'at familiarity does in- wilhin the reach of this charge, dccd brced contempt, and that, which has been construed lo 1() exort his full and necessarily extend equal opportunities lo allsoiute moral authority, an female as well as male officers. °rfi<-'fir must keep some per- 

Little legal expertise, on the sonnl distance from those he 

 other hand, is required to see leads. that Pfc. Johnson's adiniix 
In the intermediate estate of 

 toward an officer fly in the face noncommissioned officers, in- of enlisted and traditional cidcntally, the system 'has relations between officers ami evolved a group whoso function enlisted men. is t» bridge that distance in 

His conduct, the lawyers ways acceptable to and consis- 

LETTERS 

-i* (*« mutt UMiUr •( lh« writtr <« 

^H r.o. iwim,««<i MMiib, '««« ? 

Delighted With Editorials 

Dear Sir: 

I-have been quite pleased, 

 nay delighted, with what I might cat) a new direction, u new pertinency, a new 

 strength, in several of your recent lead editorials. There was no equivocation, you named names, outlined 

 problems and suggested remedies.. 

In one you pointed out clearly 

 something I have been writing about for a year, the "public- 
•bc-damned" attitude of Jim 
Langdon, chairman of the 
Texas,Railroad Commission. 
Manifestly, Langdon's position is antithetical to the interests of the millions of gas and electric consumers in San Antonio, 
Austin and the Lower Colorado area. It was incredible, therefore,- that Mayor Charles 
Becker, three city councilmen, and a majority of the City 
Public Service Board attended a secret Langdon meeting in 
Austin in which he expounded his iniquitous philosophy. 

In another editorial yon 

 directed our attention to (lie forthright, clearly-spelled-out analysis by Mayor Roy Butler of Auslin of Hie Cuastal Slates 
Lo-Vaca situation. 

In a third editorial you wrote 

 of HemisFair Plaza's demons- tration of its value in one busy weekend. You took a strong 

 position against fragmenting the plaza and especially 

 against City Hall planning- to construct an "inner loop" lliat would slice off (ho Institute of 
Tcxpn Cultures from the rest of the plaza. It will take constant vigilance to prevent this pbomirialion by the concrete layers. 

My only 'criticism in this 

 group of excellent editorials is in (he one enlitled "Fjrsl Cash 
Commitment for 
Plaza 

Development". I cannot agree thai it is pla'ia development to permit private promoters to use public property in the plaza to construct commercial 

 property (in this instance, ho- tels) on Hie ephemeral premise that it is development that will generate revenue for the city. 

There is too much similarity 

 in this development plan to those other nefarious develop- ment plans, such as tearing down the Alamo to build a liotel and paving over the downtown loop of the river to provide more parking, for it to be ac- ceptable. Alamo Plaza is, as you wrote in another place, the proper site for the big new ho- tel 'or hotels to expand conven- tion business and spark regeneration of the plaza area. 
. Keep plugging on these vital local issues. 

Roy M. Mueller 

Letter to NISD Voters 

 tent with the philosophy of the system. 

Still another old service 

 axiom which both parties, in this ease arc violating is "Al- ways do your hell-raising at le;isl 1o milos from the flag- pole." 

The lieutenant and the 

 private would deny that what they are doing is raising hell, lo be sure, but whatever it is, is obviously felt by the Army lo be loo close lo the flagpole. 

Tfie fact that the law has-to 

 strain, if only a little, to bring 
Lt. Folktt into the category, of 
."ufficer and gentleman" raises another aspect of the case—the question sometimes asked, whether professional nonmiii- tary specialists serving willi armed forces should hold of- ficer rank or military status at 
'all. 

Until the beginning of this 

 century, doctors, dentists, veterinarians, chaplains, 

 paymasters, naval constructors and nurses, while accorded the pay and privileges of officer status, did not hold rank or 
•command aiilhorily save in connection with'fhc exercise of their professional specialty. 

No Problem 

Thus, if the present case had 

 arisen decades earlier, before nurses became commissioned officers, there would be no problem and certainly no basis for disciplinary threat or action by the Army either against 
Miss Follett or Pfc, Johnson. 

That such staff specialist, 

 not concerned with combat leadership, were finally ac-' corded full officer rank and status came ahout as a result of sustained pressure on their part lo get what they felt were maximum privileges and perquisites extending only to officers—including, perhaps unintentionally, the dubious privilege, insofar as Lt. Follell i.s concerned, of being dis- ciplined for showing how much she likes Pfc. Johnson. 

Dear Sir: 

This is an open teller to all 

 eligible voters in NISI): 

1 have never seen such an 

 apathy . . . such an intolerance to voting as in Norlhsicle 
Independent Schuul District. 
You complained when (lie board did 'things that 

 displeased you, yet you turn- right around and do not vulc ur if you did vote you elected the same old people of whom just a 

 few months ago you wanted out. 

This district is composed of 

 mindless sheep who just want to be led around and not have to make any decisions. Do you realize only about 'J.OOO people out of tens of thousands of eligible voters voted? You people deserve everything that's coming loyou. 

M. David Slicnbargcr 

Documentary Offered 

Dear Sir: 

"L'Chaim — To Life," an 

 historic documentary depicting the iiorrors of Czarist Russia and the Holocaust, will be 
.shown on Wednesday, April IT, 
.7:3o p.m., at the University of 
Texas.Medical School Audi- torium, 77oJ Floyd Curl Dr. 
Women's American OUT (Or- ganization for Rehabilitation through 
Training), the 

Women's Coordinating Com- mittee of-the Jewish Social 
Service Federation, and the 
American Jewish Committee are presenting the OUT- produced film to-the public at no charge. 

The film's importance as a 

 social document for both Jews 

 and Christians cannot be un- derestimated, for only tlirougli actual film clips of the Warsaw 
Ghetto, the herding of ihc Jews inlo caltle cars, and the con- ccnlralion camps themselves can the nightmare of this period be conveyed to those who were spared its first-hand experience.. 

Of significance for today is 

 the fact that the silence and apathy of the peoples of the world during this period was a critical factor in the exter- mination of six million human beings. We urge you lo attend1 
"L'Chaim — To Life". 

Bitsy Kernel • 

Hurlenc Baumann 

Why Search Unfruitful 

Dear Sir: 

On Easter Sunday, when we 

 are thinking of Jesus as a bleeding, body hanging on a cross, or trying to imagine the figure of our ressurrccted 
Saviour emerging from a musty tomb, let us give some thought to the reason why our search for the Father of Christ continues to be unfruitful. 

God has given us a language 

 in order that we may acquire knowledge, using the same 
.means for this puriiose that He did to complete ihc likeness of 
Himself in the identity of the man we now call Christ. We identify this means as the 
"Word," ur light, which lights every man-that comes into (he 

 world (John 1:9, Horn. 1:19). 

We have deliberately chosen 

 to separate ourselves from a knowledge of God (Isa. 58:2), by declaring the "Word," which renders God knowable lo us, and is manifest in the speech of all of us, as it was in Christ, is not nfGod. 

This attitude of freedom 

 divests the word of all meaning of (Jnd to us, for we are not concerned about His connection with our speech. Thus we have rejected the source of the word 
(hut makes it possible for Gntl to reveal In us that He is. (See 

 ijProv. l(i:l, Moffat Translation 
'also New English Bible). 

R.H. Murray 

The predigal 

Energy Crisis Really Money Crisis 

By Jospph Alsop arfl also thc hic oil-importing 
On (his matter of something 

NEW YORK — Maybe it is a I")Wcrs- 
Hiving awny•somewhere, there 

Irid inkfnko in mm* nn ho™ tn , 
,, bcst cslimatcs uf lllc is a division of opinion. Aiming 
• •'"••• nd° mistake to come up here to leading expert in the field, the great American harifts 

 aSK the Insiders o11 the money market about Wi|Uw J. Levy, the oil-import- -whose deposits may lie vastly the future effects of thc miscalled "energy ^X^J^,^^- 
""" proflla'?ly *? 
M™ by tllc 

, . ,, 
- 
OJ owing me oil-producing coun- ever-mounting funds owed to 

CV!MS; 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, tries no less than $5o billron. the oil producing countries 

I makes you ec thai UK; other, members of the political This will be net debt, please there is a rather general enl 

WalcrBalc.besol cd political community ought to begin remember, after subtracting dency to argue that "(he svs- commumly in Washington worrying, loo, along with In- the costs of everything the oil tern can take it " resembles nothing so much as siders on tile money market. 
Importing countries can-pcr- 
In this -respect, David 

 a party of drunkards in u 
The worst of It is lliat by any suadc the oil producers to bny Rockefeller, head otlha Chun 

 graveyard, boozing away logical e.st, he apprehensions from them, all the way from ManhaUan Bank.Vund al 

 of threatened calamity appear perfumes to bomber planes lo be well founded. 

 among the corpses. 

The reason for this dire, 

 perhaps extreme sensation is really .pretty simple. Tin; wisest and most conservative men in tlic economic and financial communities have begun lo talk helplessly iibmil tlic threat of ;m onrtishifig, world-wide financial calamity in many respects as serious us 
Ihc great depression of (lie MOs. 

If these apprehensions have 

 any foundation, the leaders of 

Money Crisis 

Here one must begin by not- 

 ing that the "energy crisis" Is miscalled, because it Is a money crisis rather limn an energy crisis. It 

Division 

As stated in the previous 

 report in (his space, all the signs further suggest that this net debt will be in the nature of u recurring deficit. In other 

In 

 most alone. This Is because he has been saying forthrlghlly, albeit privately, that he cannot' sec how the existing financial system cnn possibly stand the double strain ahead. 

The first ji»rt (he double 

 will be the 

I.S., 

 producing countries — lens of billions upon lens of billions, in fad, all sluicing about in search of investments 

Selling 

The optimists suggest that a 

•way out will be found by soiling' 

;the oil producing countries large chunks of the economies of the big oil importing coun- tries. This raises an interesting policy quDslion.-to begin with. 
For do wo really want great numbers of the principal- financial and Industrial ert- ler|>ri.ves In tlic U.S. to bo owned by Arabs and Iranians? 

Uut aside from the policy 

 tiueslinn, Ihc optimists' way out also raises a practical ciucsliim. On their system, Ihc 
.oil producing countries will make OVLTKCIIS Investments In just two years, 1974 uml 1o75, in amounts about }IQ billion higher than tbo present vuluo of alt the overseas,Investments accumulated by the U.S. slnco 
1MO. 

Tlic oil producers' foreign 

 holdings by thc end nf.1375 will 
.reach about S1o1) billion, in other words. 

Hut nn one makes Invest- 

 ments overseas or elsewhere without expecting a reasonable return. Such a return is now thought to be around 1o per- cent per annum. 

At the beginning of 1o7B, therefore, iho oil Importing countries will hnvo to f«co another ycnr of going into debt for energy (o the* amount of &jj f'"in?;AmVhcy will also own 
Uio oil producers sntnclliltij. 
»ku Sin hininn In Inicrcst nmlAir dividends. 

The y«ar following, I),,. mn 

 of n rrcst niul/ur dividends wH HicijrholBH bllllo,,. An 
, <> I wl merrily cnnH,IIIB ' 

 toast In theory. 

»»t In practice, It 

 somewhere, 

Washington 
Merry-Go-Round 
\ 
-' • 
... 
. - 
. 

Globetrottei! 
Fever Hits 

 itolHill 

Hy Jack 'Anderson /' 

* virus e 

 has smitten 

- f Co"gress wlth a familiar old vvandcrhist. 

Suchis Iho scope of Ihe great migration lhat it can be said fKo 

 sun never sels on Congress during the tourist season 
' 
^^^ 
The unabashed King of the Road, despite the 

, ^P^m 
" I f f competition, is California's Rep. Richard llanna, a diminutive Democrat and former vaudeville dancer, who occasionally does a snflshoe onto the House floor. 
. He has shuffled around the. East bofh Far 
.arid Near, so'frequcmlyihat Ihe bellhops know him on .sight. The .New YCar had scarcely 

; Passed (his year before he'was off again 
, v siting such.dislant exotic spots as Indonesia 

Yemen and. Saudi Arabia. 
; 

Nn™ i,i (^ preparing for smother. Junket this" 

Saudi Arabia. But for H.an/ia, r'-"- -'- 

He took his first trip to II,b Orient in 1o67. Two years later he 

•ihc WTUVCr8eaS "^ l° Euro11o' I-""' AnTerica and j!L^lCvlan;!SC(l iust one triP to Asja- But in 1971 lie veiled South America, (tie, Far East and Europe 
; If i 1972, hd got to Europe jn-April, lo South 

Red-Carpet Trealnient 

While he was in Japan, Him- 

 tta deman'ded '(he full, red-' carpet (realmeni, including a. request for a military 

 helicopter (n lift liim over (he 
Iraffic jams that lesser tourists must cone willi in Tokyo. 

He wenl overseas three limes 

 in 1973, going all Die way to the 
Soviet Union and Africa. He was in Cairo w)icn the October 

 war exploded and the airport was shut down. But this didn't 
'slow down the veteran 

 vagabond. He hopped a train to 
Alexandria, boarded an Egyp- tian freighter and made his way to Greece. 

Hanna is merely the' most 

 peripatetic member, however, of the Washington globetrot- ters. 

Plans of Others 

Here are (he travel plans of 

 some others: 
. . 

• This weekend, a delegation 

 of 63 persons — congressmen, their wives and staff members i- will fly by military plane lo the Far. East for a trip lhat has been postponed Iwice because of the; energy crisis. The of' ficial excuse is lo exchange visits with legislators from 
South Korea and Nationalist 
China. 

The expedition will Ire led by 

•House Democratic leader 
Thomas '-'Tip" O'Neill who will take -along his daughter, 

..Rosemary. The group will also bring Ihcir own "physician in allcndance," Adm; Chrey 
Freeman, who will be provided by the Navy.' Each traveling 
.congressman, including the ubiquitous Richard Hanna, will be permitted to spend up to J75 a day in U.S^-ownod foreigh currencies. 

• Sen. Vance Hartkc, D-Inri., 

 just returned from a jaunt, with his wife and daughler, to thc F.TT Hast. Arrangements were made for him by the Slate 
Department, according to of- ficial cables, including an 

"elephant ride, .sightseeing 
(our and'gem.shopping" in 
Ceylon. 
. •. Cabinet officers, loo, like to travel. Treasury Secretary 
George Shultz has announced his.intention to leave govern-' merit. Cut this hasn't prevented him from taking a ja'uht to- 
South America. Now again on 
Monday, he will head for Aus- tralia, Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia where, according to a spokesman, he will "talk about general economic mat- ters." In Jakarta, Shul'tz will be joined by'— guess who? — 
Rep. Richard llanna, who will ride (he secretary's plane (o 
Malaysia. 

• Agriculture Secretary Erfrl 

Bulz, who is suppu.serf to oc- cupy himself with farm 

 problems at home, has dcpart- 
.ed for Thailand.. Hong Kong. 
-.t.liB Philippines, Taiwan, Japan and Korea. His last .stop will lie 
Hawaii, where lie will spend a couple of. days inspecting pineapple, papaya, sugar cane, and. cattle farms. "You'd bn surprised how much agricul- ture there is on llmse tiny 
.islands," said a spokesman. 

Conflicting Testimony 

George 
Parklnirst, the" 

 former Mideast coordinator for 
Standard Oil of California, may be in -trouble with a Senate subcommittee for his tes- timony about an embarrassing memorandum prepared by Ihc economics department. 

"Our economics department 

 was nol and is nol part of any planning'process." lie swore under nalh. "We didn't do any global planning at SoCal because we were nol able In." 

This is in direct conflict willi 

 slalcm'cnls made by oilier lop 
SnCjil officials. Tor example, 
Ed Cahill, an official in the 

 economics department, is on record as saying: 

"The general function of the 

 economics department is to set the stage oh an industry basis worldwide on which the Stan- dard Oil Company of California has lo plan and conduct its worldwide operations." 

•Pnrkliiirsl. (old my reporter 

Steve Solomon that he still stood behind his sworn tos- limon.v. CaJiill claimed there was no real conflict between the two statements. The plan, 
.ning was done,'he said, on a 
.company, not industry, basis. 

MAKMADUKE 

THE SATURDAY 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

"*^^^^^^^r^^^^^^^^^^^^^*^^*^«^^^l 
Sa,urdoy,AprlM3,1974 
Poge11-A: 

Conservative Voices 

Wall Street Journal think it unfair to call him avaricious? 

If the same man took 5482 o18 

 in deductions for a gift described falsely in his tax re 

By Anthony Lewis 

BOSTON-The qualities that 

. —.,.•,«. wc count on conservatism to bring to;<our moral and political life are res- traint, proportion, respect for tradition and institutions, above all a belief in individual responsibility. 

 reactin'n"rr 
<*Undnrll.s.-. tlle 

 cons,, v 
S°mC l>rcm"U}"1 

 consei vativc voices to 

President Nixon's lax behavior has buqn astonishing. ; 

Tiie Wall Street Journal edi- described falsely in his tax re- lhat masked ball for Tricia 

 tonally described the findings turn and dependent on a back- 
Nixotl- Someone had to tell him 

 m _ massive Underpayments by dated deed, would Rhodes ex- about it- He and the lax lawyer, 

 cuse hjm on the ground that it " 
" 
" 
' 

 was all his accountants' faull? 

What exactly are we being 

 told here? That we are to ac- cept as (lie normal standard of lax behavior in this country an attempt to deduct S2:t,57G for 
"fnutl expenses of (lie First 
Family" while traveling? That false .statements ami ' back- 

 dated decij.s are "technicali- ties?" That taxpayers are to he presumed not responsible for their returns? Or that these are the rules for presidents, not for 
Hie rest of us? 

Of course nol all conserva- 

 tives- have aflempled to brush 

 rtnT.ToV'i .i""" '" w"unl "e Nixo"'3 tax wrongs under the this country's tradition of lar delegated the responsibility for rug-far from it. Nor should we Edy self-enforcing tax collcc- prepanng his returns and were expecl conservatives generally tion than acceptance of the idea 

 to live up (o their principles " • • 
...... 

 any more than liberals, who are hardly paragons of consis- tency. 

Bui the issues here do seem 

 tn be conservative issues, and especially the most important 
[>m>: individual responsibility. 

The notion Dial Nixon had 

 nothing lo do with his tax rc- turus is "hardly acceptable" as 

Nixon as "a 'succession of technicalities." ft said his 
"enemies" were using Ihc tax issue unfairly and criticized this writer specifically for say- ing that his returns evidenced 
"avarice." 

Hep. 
John Rhodes, the Unn.se 

Republican leader, said, "The country will forgive him for the fact thai the people who made his income tax made .some pretty . , . possibly some mis- lakes." 

He Was evidently accepting 

 the official While House view that "any'errors" in the 
President's returns "were made by those to whom he 

,_ -,—. -..o .. ..j i v,mt n o unu nm i; made \yiUiout his 'knowledge and without his approval.!' 

If Ihe president of General 

Motors or Ihe United Au- lomobile Workers \vus caughl trying lo deduct S5,3!)l for Jiis daughter's "masked ball" and f a i l i n g to report as income 
SD2.298 spent by the company or union for improvements on his private home, would (lie 

 the Times of London drily put 

The Times, which has shown 

 a good deal of sympathy for (he 
President, observed: "An ac- countant can only compile lax returns on the basis of facts provided by his client, and the accuracy of those facts is both legally and morally the client's responsibility." 

Not at Ball 

N'ixons's tax accountant, 

Arthur.Blcch. did not.attend lhat masked ball for Tricia 

Frank DeMarco Jr., have said lhat they got their infor'malion from John Khrlichman and olhers close lo the President, 

Their instructions catne from 

 the same sources: it was "lake 
IM per cent of that uml take 511 pur cenl of that" Blech recalls. 
HcMiirco says he wenl over the crucial 1!I69 return "page by page" with Nixon in the While 
House. 
He • says it is 

."ridiculous" to believe that the 
•President did not know about his returns. 

It would be liard to think of 

 anything more damaging to this country's tradition of lar- 

 that taxpayers can blithely claim lo have no responsibility for their own returns. And es- pecially when fraud may be in- volved. 

Nixon's 1!)63 return, describ- 

 ing the gift of papers on which huge deductions were to be taken, ,'isked whether there were any restrictions on the gift and answered: "None." 

A Classy Sponsor 
For Impeachment 

By Russell Baker 

WASHINGTON - The burning 

 questions about impeachment arc: will it be televised, and, if so, who will the sponsor be? 

RolloWhipple, agenl for bolh liear of Lunl and Fojilaniie 

 the House of Representatives- gelling sore? Did yon ever hear and the Senate, says contracts.- of Enrico Caruso gelling sore? have not yet been signed des- Thai's the kind of class you're pile rumors of a mulliinillion- talking utioul whcn you're try- dollar deal with 
1.1-1- 
•. - 

 company. 

In fact, Whipplc insists, the 

 razor-blade sponsor has been 
"definitely ruled nut." Is this 

 pie. "Having the President shave mi film right, in Iho mid- dle of the day's impeachment d n i i i R s — ( h a t ' s n e k u l l u r n y , which is Russian, kiddo, meaning it's gol no culture." . 

"What kipd nf cra/y talk is 

 that?" asked Whipple. "You tlunk'confiressineii can't shave on television just as smooth as some kid that throws a football for a living? Congress can sljave rings around 9!) per cent 

 because Congress ivas offended by the company's demand that, as par! of I h c ' deal, it be allowed to film riiinmcrctuls nf 

 fill selected congressmen shav- ing with Ihe sponsor's bludc? 

 a razor-blade |nK [o |lonk ulg Congress." 

"Sn why did they drop the 

 razor-Made deal?" 

"N'ci class, baby. It was 

 strictly no class," said Whip- 

Is tin; Congress, then, going 

In insist on a "class" spon- sorship? . 

Look 

"We're going lo lonk al every 

 proposal," snid Whipple, "with an eye In whether this is going to he right for the Congress's image. Stomach-gas reducers, headache powders, acne nos- t r u m s , perspiration suppres- sors—(dings like tlinl are definitely ruled out us spon- 
.sors, but nut ninny senators are tfniiifj l» be willing to do (he filmed endorsements of these 

• 
"If Congress ngrc«rio|hnl," products, and it's product tic- 

Whipple explained, ."it would ins. wil.tr senators tmrl 

 scl a dangerous, precedent lhal r'eprosenlnlives .dial make the wnnfd' gravely . waft en thci impeachment such n unique 

 power of .Iho cbnercsshtency." 

Exposure 

"You menu Congress was 

.sore jiboiii Kii'iiiK Nixon „ shnre of tlu> whiskrr-nimmei'eial ex- 

 nf (he shavers you sec in ynnr average 
TV commercial 

 today." 

The trouble, Whipple said, 

 arose when the razor people insisted on using filmed sjiois of President Nixon gi'lling his besl shave over from (ho spon- soring blade. 

 posure mi own show," I 

"Dlnntr'l" 

"Sort'1,'1-1 Whipplc's voice 

 drlnnud scorn. "You're miking nlmiil-n bl;; biiily of bl/; men,' kiddo. Two big bodies of big men. The upper hmise and Hie lower chamber; Tlicsi! liicii nro loo lili; lo jjfli sore. Did you ever 

 npporlnniiy for TV spoil sorship." 

Several big heor companies 

 waul tin- impearlnm'til con- tract so despi'valHy Ihi'y have iitivady shown Wlupplc sample nuiimcrcutls of'(lie .sort that congressmen m^lil easily fit, into. 

Ill aim, .several congressmen 

 li.ive mi ccslalic'afternoon im- pwiclihifin prMtdou.1, ihrn rush lo 11 l;«r for Hie; sponsor's Iwcr while Idling eacli'olhcr, "Since 

S'ou only impeach a president once in life, you've gol to grab for all the beer you can gol." 

Another shows Ihrce senators 

 perspiring in (tie impeachment chamber and explains, "These senators are working on a more-limn -one-beer thirst." 

Class 

Do these have enough class 

 for Whipple? 

"The Congress will bring the 

 class, whatever the .sponsor is selling," said Whipple, "but I see something with more elegance, innre je ne sais quoi, kirido, which in Italian means I don't hiinw anything abnul arl but I know whal I like. I see one of Detroit's groovy new small cars, and I see a congressman driving up lo the Capilol in il for (he impeachment, and at 
.the same time the President is arriving in his grcal, huge limousine, if you get (he pic- lure, kiddo." 

"It's got class'," I said. "It 

 shows Ihe President is an un- coticcrncd gas-gnzzlor driver while (he Congress is Ihinking only of saving energy with the much more e.yiioiisivc new lit- tle cars." 
'"Don't be a klul/," said 

Whipp.le. "Yon don't sell 

 inferior cars by posing (horn iigalnst better ones. Whal I see is huniirnls of beautiful 

 starlets waiting fni- ihc 

President on Ihe Capilol slops, but when the congressimm's car arrives (hey run from ihc limousine and fall on Ihe congressman's car and stroke il lasciviously along the fenders anil seal cushions. Thiil, kid, is 
Impeachment sponsored willi class." 

I aski'd if he was saying an 

 unto company would win the 

. 

:"ll-rankly, kiddo," he said. 
"Don't rule mil inslaiit soup, bleach or disirosablc diapers." 
I left him haggling on (he plionc willi 
(ho 
Senate 

Appropriations 
Committee 

 about residuals. 

In fact, as the congressional 

 slaff found, there were reside- 
•lions so severe lhat !bo only gift was of a future interest, 

Thc question of fraud is now 

 lo be explored by Ibc special prosecutor and by (he House impeachment inquiry. What- ever the result, conservatives who rcflecl on the matter will surely want Ihc process lo go forward in a way lhat enhances respect for our legal and ad- ministrative institutions. 

It is really a mystery lhat any 

 conservatives should still regard Richard Nixon as one of their own, He is something very different: a man wllhout roots, wllhout respect for tradition, without conscious- ness of moral responsibility, without fueling for institutions except Ihe desire to use them. 
His lax behavior is a f a i r example. 

Trying lo deduct Ihe cost of a 

 masked ball as "expenses in- curred in thc performance of official functions as president of the United Slates" is nol our national standard of tax ethics. 

One lax expert, Prof. George 

Cooper of Columbia 
Law 

School, wrote last December: 
"It is time somebody spoke out against thc notion lhat the 
President's fax behavior is simply a grander version of what everybody dncs. There is a level of tax conniving in the 
Nixon returns lhal goes beyond 
.ordinary avoidance." 

Solon's "Ask:.: 

Is It Worth 
Touble? 

By Ray Cromley 

WASHINGTON-Some recent but as yet 

 uncompleted studies on the state of Congress have come up with some disturbing findings. 

As one indicator, it seems most lobbyists these 'days don't 

 bother much with most congressmen, because they don't think their voles arc worth cultivating. 

They believe that 7o to 9o per cent of Ihe legislators on Capilol 

Hill have so lillle influence on legislation it is not profitable to buy them lunches, offer free transportation on company planes, culrale automobile leases or otherwise allempl lo legally or illegally influence whal they do. 

This feeling of unimportance is felt by a 

 growing number of representatives and sena- tors themselves. 

Congressmen who now say they will not run 

 for reelection has grown to an unprecedented number. 

Some members of the "I won't run again" 
Cromley 

 group have most assuredly been influenced by (he conviction that Watergate has measurably decreased their likelihood of reelection. But when congressmen talk privately, the investiga- 
.lors find a considerable number of those quilting-and some who arc slaying— are simply fed up. 

One long-lime legislator who has decided nol lo run again, lold 

 one student of Congress that he was In no danger of losing this fall. Anyone his party nominated to succeed him, he said, would have a certain victory. But the game simply wasn't worth' Ihe candle anymore. 
. 
/• 
. 

Not What Expected 

3, then in the middle of his first 

--••--- term, expressed the thoughts of many when he said publicly that tho role wasn't what he'd expected,. that It didn't give him the satisfaction of achievement he desired and therefore he did not intend lo run again. 

Legislation is influenced, not so much by the floor vote but by 

 what happens in the wheeling and dealing thai goes on in the back mom. Thai, primarily, is handled by thc top leadership and by (he committee chairmen—and to a lesser extent by the ch'air- imen of subcommittees. 

 bl some cases, (he senior minority member of a commitlee 

 will tie in on crucial decisions; other cases his influence is slight 

In these congressional studies, members regularly report a 

 man must be on the scene Sot 1o or 15 years, or even 2o to have a real voice in what goes on and then sometimes.only if he manages to get on one of the crucial committees. 

Bui these arcn'l thc only problems. So much time must be 

 spent on serving the personal needs of constituents that more and more legislators ore becoming convinced they have no time lo study, understand and vole on important legislation 

• In any event, a Rood many congressmen Ibis reporter has talked with in recent years feel they are unable to vote in- lelliRcnlly on much of the legislation before them 

As a result of these difficulties, numbers of men on the Hill 

 feel like blind men in a china shop. They are not certain whether 
Uiey arc dome more harm than good. 

FIESTA OLE 

 lllHM 

H WHITE 

WHITE ON! ON YOUR FEET 
AND ADDING A SPECIAL 
SPARK TO CASUAL CLOTHES 
OR PUNCTUATING A NEW 
WHITE SUIT, THERE'S TOP 
FASHION AND TOTAL 
COM- 

FORT IN THIS SOFT WHITE 
STEP-ON. ADD S N A P AND 
D A Z Z L E TO YOUR. MALE 
IMAGE. ALSO IN LIGHT OR 
DARK BROWN. 

 i) me us 
•• AAltinAfll/ 
HniKTriW <;T AT RD^AHVA/AV 
GMY 

HOUSTON ST, AT BROADWAY 

411) McCUUOUGH 

Pag?J2-A, 
Sen Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Saturdgy, April 13, 1974,Study Proposes 'Doable' 

Festival Royalty 

Sandra Sranush, right, queen of the 1974 Poteet Strawberry Festival and the members of her court pick some berries in the field. Miss Sfanush will be crowned 
Friday night,, and the parade will be at 1o a.m. April 2o. Members of the court are Lily Cano, left, and Sherry Stennett. King will be Ruben Sanchez, a star athlete at Poteet High School in four sports.—Photo by Jose A. Barrera 
Michigan 
Election 
Aid High 

(C) WASHWOTON STAR-NEWS 

SERVICE 

WASHINGTON- 

—Wealthy financial backers of both the 
Republican and De- mocratic candidates are pouring thousands of dollars into 

Michigan's 
8th 

Congressional District for a vacant House seat. 

During the last week, 

Republican parly fund -raising committees in Washington and 
Michigan have reported con- tributing $21,(][)o in their can- didate, James M. Sparling .Jr. 
Earlier in the campaign, those parly organizations had donat- ed almost $18,ooo to Sparling. 

Political action committees 

 affiliated witJi labor unions have contributed $3,ooo in recent weeks to the Democratic contender, .T. Robert Traxler. 
Earlier in Uie year, organized labor had given almost $2o,o1)o to Traxler. 
. " 

The totals are based on in- 

 complete reports. 

The 'currently available 

 reports, generally covering the period up to April I but in some cases listing transactions within the last several days, show that .Sparling has raised approximately $83,7oo, com- pared with $51,7oo for Trader. 
Legislation 
Roundup 

WASHINGTON (AP) ~ The 

 status, of major legislation in 
Congress this week: 

Budget Control by Congress 

— Passed House and Senate; awaiting compromise. 

Election Campaign Reform — 

Passed Senate; in House com- mittee. 

Elementary and Secondary 

Education Act Extension — 
Passed House; in Senate com- mittee. 

Emergency Energy Legisla- 

 tion — Vetoed. 

Energy Windfall Profits Tax 

— In House Committee, 

Impeachment Inquiry — In 

House Committee. 

Legal Services Corporation- 

Passed 
House and Senate; 

 awaiting compromise. 

Minimum Wage Increase — 

Enacted. 

Newsmen's Sources Protec- 

 tion — In Houso and Senate committees. 

No-Faul Insurance — Jn 

House and Senate committees. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - A presidential study 

 team Friday recommended the establishment of four new federal offices to coordinate government energy activities. 

The study, requested hy 

President Nixon last June 29 was lieudod by William o. 
Daub, a member of tlie Atomic 
Energy Commission, who told newsmen it sought "do-able" solutions that could be 

 achieved within 12 to 18 months. 

Doub's team found federal 

 energy regulation, now scat- tered among more than -1o agencies, to be poorly coor- dinated, unresponsive to 

Energy Agencies 

The new offices were suggest- 

 ed rather than t!w consolidation of existing energy-related agen- cies. 

Contract 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - 

The 
United Steel- 

 workers 
Friday 

 approved a new three- year contract with the nation's 1o major steel companies. 

The contract provides wage 

 increases totaling _ about 61 cents an hour for 35o,ooo workers. 

Final details of tlie contract, 

 worked out in an all-night bar- gaining session, were ratified by a committee of 6oo local 
USW officials. 

Complete details o/ the 

 agreement were not immedia- tely disclosed. 

Spying Report 
Review Slated 
WASHINGTON (AF) _ Two 

 senior members of the Senate 
Armed Services Committee will review a White House report on alleged Pentagon spying on 
Henry A. Kissinger, it was dis- closed Friday. 

Chairman John M. Stemiis, 

D-Miss., said he lias named 
Sens. Stuart Symington, D- 
Mo., and Barry Goldwater, R- 
Ariz.,' to review the report, which was prepared by David 
Ft. Young Jr., who was head of the White House "Plumbers" 

 investigative unit. 

 m 

Hawaiian Print Dresses 

Gay and colorful are our Hawaiian print dresses. 

The all over f lower prints are in a number of 

 color combinations including gold' and" yeflov/," 

 pink and gold, or pink, green or blue with white. 

Seam-shaped for flattery, they're 1oo% cotton. 

Sizes 8-18...26.oo. 

LADIES' SHOP 

FRANK BROS. 
. . Alamo Plaza—Central Park Mall 

226-61o1 

 change, and Jacking an aver-all policy. 

To start remedying these 

 problems, the team recom- mended establishment of: 

• A National Energy Council 

"to provide comprehensive policy guidance to energy regulatory agencies . . ," 

• A new office to sninolh out 

 tlic processing of, federal 

 licenses for cnergy-relaUd projects. 

• A centralized federal 

 energy data office, to collect and distribute energy fnforma- lion. 

• A new federal office (n 

 coordinate federal and state energy policies and actions. 

Donb agreed it might be tel- 

 ler if Congress and the 
President completely restruc- tured present eaiergy legisla- tion and regulation. 

"But this is a real world we 

 live in," he added, "and this report is not a yonng poet's dream of what we would do if 

Revamped 
FEO Eyed 

 this were 1776, Tills is a do-able- plan." 

Dwib submitted llio plan lo 

Roy I,. Ash, director of tlic 
President's 
Office of 

Management and Budget 

(OMB); ho said comments on it would le accepted until May 
31. 

Arms Pact Dim for ?74 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON - Secretary of State Henry 

Kissinger said publicly for the first time 
Friday that there "would not be a permanent agreement this year" on strategic nuclear arms limitations with the Soviet Union. 

Kremlin. 

The secretary's comments 

But Kissinger said President 

Nixon's Moscow summit meet- ng would be iield as sclreduled this summer, and that agree- ments in areas other than arms curbs would be signed in the 

 came amid intense U.S. diplo- matic activity focusing both on nuclear arms talks ajid tlie 
Middle Hast. 

' Nixon met for nearly two hours at the Wliile House with 
Soviet Foreign Minister Anilrri 
Rromyko. Kissinger joined in that meeting and had separate sessions with Egyptian Foreign 
Minister Ismail Fa limy and 
Syrian Brig. .Gen. Hikmat Che- liabi, and'planned substantive discussions with the Syrian rep- resentative Saturday on separation of Israeli and Syrian troops along the Golan Heights. 

After Ins breakfast meeting 

 with Fahmy, Kissinger hold av 

 brief session will) reporters at 

 the State Department and said there would not be a permanent agreement this year with, the 
Soviets on strategic arms limi- tations. 

Agreement on such curbs 

 during 1974 was a target set by 
Nixon and Soviet leader Leonid 
I. Brezhnov in their summit talks in the United States last summer. 

Easy>care Plaid Slacks 

Get into the long, lean good looks of casual slacks styled for action by Haggar. These bright, lively plaids come in 
1oo% 
Dacron® polyester. They'll keep their sharp lines 

 from dawn to dusk, no matter what the action, no matter what the weather. Big bold brown or navy pat- terns...15.oo. 

YOUNG MEN'S SHOP 

FRANK BROS. 

Alamo Plaza and Central Park Malt 

226-61o1 

 gggjjjjggp""^^ 

EXPRESS-MEWS 

H-* 

_ 
April 13, 1974 

•^•""•••"•"•^^^ gmffffffffsffsfffffffffffff. 

Major League Baseball 

Trinity Baseball pagc 4B . 

NBA Playoffs 
.' page 3B 

Texas Relays 

Cook 

<*&1 ;By Daft Copk; 

Ring Clan Gathers 

The old locker room at the Kelly golf course 

 still smells like a locker room but the golfers arc gone. The area where linksmcn once showered, nibbed weary feet and changed clothes is now a boxing gymnasium. The pace lias picked up but the odors arc about the same. 

It s |)nil>;il)|y |lie neatest, 

 cleanest, must compact little 
K\m in (he world, a far cry from the old Slillmairs in \ew 
Vufk. At Hie moment it's home base fur one; of i|a. greatest collection uf ainatL-iiv boxers eu>r lu gather in this area. 

Sal. One Cooper, a modern 

<l«.v. real live version of 

 television's Sgl. Bilko, Is (he man in charge of (hat liulc 
8.vni and all (lio.se who filter its doors, Especially those who enter (lie ring in the far corner. 

Tliis is sort of a homecoming 

 for,Sgl. Cooper. Il's been abuut 
18 years since he was stationed 
;i( Lackland and righting for 
(lie Air Force leum. 

Couper has been arotmd Ihe 

 horn and halfway around Hie ttorlil since he won three stale middleweight Gulden Gloves lilies in Texas. Since llial Him lie's also lost a mile hair, bill not much. N'ol much because he didn'l have much lo lose 18 years ago when he was known as one nf the (oiighc.sl buily- pinichurs ever to climb into an amateur ring. 

Cooper was a n a t i o n a 

 runner-nii one yc.-ir arid aftei 
(lull he began lo inslruct. He's jspent about half his life in 
Ming'corner, cither sitting on 

 flic stool cir working over some other Ijiidy taking a resl. Thu guy knows what lie's doing. 

And what's he doing now ? 

Well, he's coaching [he Air 
Force lioxing (cam Itilo shape for the All-Service tournament starling April 22 in Kt. Bragg, 
North Carolina. Among his collection of talented thumper, is a heavyweight named Nick 
Wells, AAU national chamnlo. 
«ho someday might climb in against George Foreman, or whoever owns flic big title if and when Wells (urns pro. 

U'ells, a ualive Texan whu 

 won the slate Gulden Glove- crown three years ago when he was IS, is niily 5-11 bul hi carries 2oo pniimls on hi; slueky frame. And Lordy, doc; he hit. With both hands. 

A natural suulhpaw, lie wob- 

 bles the rafters in the old locker room when he sinks hi.s lefl nun the big bag. Nick ha: quick hands and when he snaps combinations inlo Ihe hag the> can hear il out on number llirel fairway. 

Ask him about s<imeda> 

 t u r n i n g pro and he'll say 
"rigid now I just want (o Ijos fnr (he Air Force." Ask bin: about his future and hc'l answer, "I'm only interested in 
(he All-Service meet coniini, up." 

Hut if you ask him about tin. 

 l)ig money that guix: 

 heavyweight pros make an( he'll say, "Well, money does talk and I'd be foolisli'iiot to listen when il speaks In me." 

VUH see, [he ring grapevine 

 lias il Ihal a lol of professiona robe-holders would pay dearlj to own Wells' contract He's ; 
Mareiano kind of thumper aggressive, eager with bomb: in biilli hands. He's a wnlkinj, gold mine if he doesn't walk into a haymaker loo early ill hi career. 

Kill in Kfl amateur fights Nick 

 has never taken a Ill-coiinl although lie has dropped a few decisions and lost out in UK 
Olympic trials In Duane Hob bill after suffering a facial cul 

The Eleclric Fan 

Ynu need a program or a 

 rundown from Coach Conner lo lr!l a trainer fnun a fishier. 
They all look alike when (hey slarl doing llieir various 

 things. 

A liny youngster with curly 

 hair and big glasses was hop- ping about helping others lie hand wraps and lace gloves. He seemed a cinch lo be an assis- 
•liinl Irainer. lint il was Chicky lUvera, 
New 
York slale 

 flyweight champ and twice runncrnp in Ihe national Gol- den Gloves rneel. 

(Ijlcky is a ciilr lilllr guy. 

 lie's cnle, dial is, until he grfs 
In his shorts, pulls on gloves and stands opposite yon in a ring. Then lir tiocomes an 

 rlcclvlc fan wilh sharp liladrs 
:md If yon ge( too close he'll clmp you into nieces. 

While Chicky was helping 

 others prepare fnr duly a slender youngster walked 

 aliniil Ihe ring like a caged tiger. Cliul Jackson, recent winner of ihe national (lolden 
Gloves welterweight title, i.s working with (tie team and he comes in do just that—work. 

Always Ihe first lo arrive and 

 the first in Hie ring, Clint gets impatient when a live target 
(loi'sn'l present itself. Clint's a nice kid mid I fell like helping him. 
Hut I'd rather lake [wo 

 pukes in the eye from a painted stick than spar two minutes with Jackson. 

Justification 

Sgl. Cooper has devilled mosl 

 of his l.ife In amateur Imxing and the Air Force, probably in thai order. 

 lie's well aware llial mil all 

 spoil fans dig bis sporl anil maybe Dial's Ihe reason he has a big sign nailed lo Ihe gym- nasium wall. 11 sort of justifies amateur boxing if, Indeed, il needs any justification. . 

The sign says, "If (lirrc's any 

 exlrf me form of Individualism, 

It's ring figliiing. Yon wage your own hnlllr. all by yourself, no parliirrs, no comi-.iilo.s In there with yon. l.lkc dying, yo« figlil alone. So consider Ilir priv.eflghter as u spiritual In- dividual!*!, a solitary soul In 
(ratal)." 

Those are (he words of Geno 

Tiinney. lltil Sgl. Cooper would have said 'em If he hud UioiiRlii of liiem before Gene. 

*:*:*w*w::*^^^ 

Stockton Seizes Lead 

Dave Stockton holds up his ball after he finished his second round of the Masters golf tournament Friday with a 7-under-par 1 37 to lake a one-stroke lead _ AP 
Wirephoto 
Stockton Surges 
Into Masters Lead 

Help From 
AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) - Dave Stockton was 

 just following instructions. 

. They came from his father,. leaching pro, and helped bin forge a blax.ing, six-tindcr-pa 
Hi and sweep inlo a one-stroke lead Friday in Ihe second rniiiu nf the Masters Gulf Tour n ami-lit. 

"My dad, Gail, has been m; 

 only teacher," the former PGA champion said afler hi; 

 remarkable round—built on his near-perfect pulling and 

Scores On 1'age jit 

 dominance of the par fives— had enabled him lo break ; multiple-man logjam. 

"1 talked (n him on Wedncs 

 day." Stockton confirmed. 

'lie Inld me he had a scon 

 for me to shoot. I thought he'd say 68 or tiS and I'd sny way.' He said fili. 

 shot 71 in the firsl round 

 and called him back. Told him il didn't work, lie said, 'Okav gn do it Unlay.' 

Target 

"You know, instead of goin 

 nut there and trying for a T> o1 
71, it gave yim something It shiHil at. A target. II helped. II made things a lol easier on llu golf course." 

Stockton, long recognised as 

 one of Ihc game's premier pul- lers, used his defl and delicate touch lo solve Augusta Na- tional's tricky, slick, two-level greens. 

"I hiivon'l missed .1 pull in 

 two days," Stockton chuckled afler establishing a two-round total of |;I7, seven under par. 

He needed nnly 2K strokes mi 

 the greens in the second rnund and has needed nnly 55 pulls through Ihe firsl (wo rounds. 

Al one lime or another mi the 

 mild, ha/.y afiernodii, seven 
>la.vurs led or shared (lie lead 
H'fnre Stockton—nlmosl uiino- iced by the vast gallery that surged over the hills ami ilirongh (he forests of Ihis plc- urrsgnc layout—look firm 
•nntrol. 

Four Shots 

Still, there were 15 players 

 locked within fimr shots of each other at the lop as Ihe near- ideal playing conditions con- 
Iribnlcd (u cotilinni'd finv scor- ing by the elile international field, 

Hubert 
Clrreii, a landy, 

 laconic ynimg man from Bir- mingham, Ala., a Iwii-lime winner already this year, nnd nu'llme collegiate football slur 

Garrett,to Texans 

 f I/~»f IC'IV\M 
/ A t l i 
IIM i l 
, 
,1 
HOUSTON (A!') - 'Phi 

Hoiislnii Texnns nt HIP WFl, raided the Dallas Cowboys 

Hi- /;ol n llircc-yi.'nr run- 

Iravt with tho Toxniis lint 
(U'i:llnc(l 
In rcvi'iil 
Ills 

JltiiOitrrcll 

(laiTcll us lirad. 

Garrett, •!:!, hnd been 

 spi-eltil teams coach nf Ihc 
Coulmys of (In- NFI, since 

(iiirn-lt wi'iil In Ihe dm- 

Iniys ufli'r IhrcnseasniiN nsn 
Nt-w York o1 

The Trams wi-re (he li 

 of tin- 12 \VTI, leains iiiime a head cnach. 

Gnrretl snld he is ni'j 

 llnllni! with several cnlle head coiu'hes and M'l. : 
.slslanls In rnnnil mil I 
.stuff. 

Hale Irwin malched 7os and were lied for second jusl one slrnke back at ll!8. 

Veteran Frank Heard, once 

 line of Ihe world's outstanding performers but mired in a deep slump for the last Iwn seasons, and first-round leader Jim 
Gilbert followed at 1,19. 

Heard had a 711 and Colbert 

 malched par 72. 

.lack Nieklaus, a heavy 

 favorite In win a record fiflii green jacket as (he Masters clium|iiiin, remained in :< challenging position al MO, three strokes behind, 

Nieklaus had a 71 thai 

 included an eagle three on (lie relatively short 13th hole. 

He was lied wilh Hritish 

Open champion Tom Weiskopf. veteran Dan Sikes, Gene Littler and golf's whistling man, Jerry 
Heard. 

Sikes and Littler had 71s, 

Heard (dandWeiskopf a (>9 Ihal he said "could easily have been 
HO. 

"I know Oil i.s a gieal .score on 

 this course." Weiskopf said, 

 nt Ihe way I was lulling (lie 

 ball il could have been a (iii or better." 
Eagle 

"I fell like I sort of cnnldn'l 

Kill anything going inilil 1 made that eagle." said N'icklaiis. who had malched par for the day until be threw a six iron shot 2o feet from (he cup and made the pull. 

'Then I turned right around 

 and bngeycd (he (par five) 
151h. That's like losing Iwo strokes. 

"llnl I'm certainly not in bad 

 position." 

Al Ml and tlivir second round 

 scores were .1. C. Snead, tifi; 
Hilly Casper, 71; Ray Kloyd, Ti; 
Phil Hodgers, till; and Hobby 
.Vic-hols. UK. 

Smith African Gary I'layer ad another 71 for 1-12. Ham 

Snead was at 1-H. 

Father 

Rookie Hen Crcnsliaw aiic 

Australian Hnice Cramp 
Ion—who made a run al (In, leaders until lie made triple bogey seven un the 12th hole- were at H5. 

U.S. o])cn champion Johnny 

Miller bad a l-lli luljil and Ar- nold Palmer rallied for a 71 and 
147. 

Tommy Aaron, the gently- 

 drawling Georgia native who has been bothered by back trouble since winning Ihis 
Inuriiamenl a year ago, had a 
ISO lolal and failed lo survive the cul for Ihc final two rounds 
Saturday and Sunday. 

"The key In my game." said 

.Stockton, who scared the seventh victory nf his 11-year pro career in Ihe I.ns Angeles 
Open earlier this season1, "is that I'm hitting ihe ball longer and better than I ever have before." 

Spurs Box 

SAN ANTONIO Iff) 

?pl 
Jpl 
II rett nsl pr 

1-7 
oo 
oo 
J 
1 
A 

J J 
oo 
2-J 
\ 
1 
6 

J-! 
oo 
].J 
13 
-a 
3 

AvercH 
Worrtn 
Dk-lrlck 
Twrv 
Kennedy 
Mill raloli 

Kclltr 
HIV. m art 
Joyce 
To la Li 

Anforv 

Indiana 

I- 
1) 
oo 
oo 
1 

3-1o 
oo 
2-4 
1 

o o oo 
2-J 
o 

oo 
o 1 2 - 2 
3 

1-A 
o-o 2-! 
6 

J & 
o-1 
3-4 
4 

oo 
o-1 
DO 
o 

31-Jfl o1 17-JS 4S 

INDIANA (U) 

S 19 
oo 
1 o 1 S I/ 

5-I3 
? 3 l?.is II 

J-U oo 
2-4 la 

3-3 
O l 
oo 
2 

6-1o 
oo 
55 
3 

1 4 
o 3 o o 
o 

o7 
oo 
o 2 
4 

2 a 
o1 l.7 n 

1J-73 
M 
o3-43 51 
13 
71 
U 

I? » 
14 II 

11 IS-71 
!) 17-<l 

BLOCKED SHOTS: Kennedy l.Noler 1. 

}cinlels ?, Droun 1. 

STEALS: SilOi 3. Hater 7, Karl 3. Ger- 

'In I, AveroH 1. McGlnnls 3. Bro.vn 3. 
>(inlcl* 3, Oiiie 7. LCxslj ?, Millmnn 1 

TEAM REDOUNDS- Son Anloolo 3 In 
Iki.xi I. 

ATTENDANCE: 1o.o79 (SROJ 

Sports On TV 

TKI.KVISION 

Saturday 

12:3o (Ch.5) - NHAliaskrlbaU 
1 (Cli.l) • Major League 

 iaseball - Detroit Tigers vs lioslon lird Sox 

3:3o (<:h.5) - .Masters Golf 

Toiininment 

4 (Ch.12) . Wide World of iporls 

6 (Ch, It) • Itoxlng 
1o:3o 
(Cli.i2) 
- All-slur 

) . Kolkr Dcrbv 

.12) 
. 
' 

 ll:,ie Wh.' 
12:1o (C 

 lloulltIK 

Noon (lh.:i) . NH,\ \\a^(. 

 ball 

12:3o (t'h.j) • OiiWoors 

 i <Ch. I) - NIIL Horkry 
1:3o 
<Ch.l2) - American 

S|invlsiiiaii 

2:15 (Cli.12) - Howard Coscll 

Sports 

2:JO (Ch.12) World lnvlt:\- 

 tlonnl Tennis 

3 (Cli.5) - Masters Colt Taiir- 

.1:3o (Ch.l) - World Chain, 

 plonshlp Tennis 

3:^o (Ch,l2) - Wide World of 

Spoils 

 i (<!li. It) • Itollrr (iamrs 

ItADIO 
Saturday 

1M (KMAC, 53o) Houston 

A.slros is, l.n.v AtiReI" Dodj.-rr.v 

Sniuliiy 

2:o3 
(KMAC, (3o) Houston 

Astros v.s. Los AiiKclcs Dintycrs 

Indiana Rally 
Subdues Spurs 

Ily liarry Itoljinson 

OF THE EXPRESS/JEWS ITAFF 

I 
INDIANAPOLIS-Thc San An- 

 p jonio Spurs blew a 15-point lead g,and oiie whale of a dream here 
I Friday night. 
| /Defending ABA champion Indiana rallied 
% Ihc fourth period lu defeat (he young but ncr- 
« vous Spurs, 86-7(1, for the s'evenlli-gaiiic 
•ij championship victory in the AHA Wesl 
'% semifinal series. 
*•': 
The triumph puts (he vulerau Paters in the 

AHA Wesl finals against Utah, with thai best- of-scvt-n series starling Saturday night in Salt 

 fi Lake City. 
„ 
San Antonio should be making the Irip to 

 g Utah today,, bul ihe Spnrs were in unbtlieva- 
" bly bad foul tremble, and, combined wilh the 
(, pressure caused by Ihc .standing-room.only g crowd of 1o,o7o, Ihc roof caved in on their ex- 
;:; citing Cinderella season all at once. 

Actually, il wasn't n case of Indiana playing 

 iH-tter than Sa;i Antonio. It was more (if a case 

« uf the Spurs playing just a lillle bit worse than g Ihc Pacers whin il counted must. ij: 
Frankly, Ihis could rank as one of the slop- 

 g.picst pro playoff games of all time but. in all v fairness In Ihe players of bulb leams, Die 

 pressure was almost unbearable. 

Nine Turnovers 

The first period was a laugher as each team 

 committed nine turnovers and several men- tal errors aixl Indiana led just H-12 after that firsl 12-mimtlc period. In that quarter S.A. hit 
29 per ccnl of ils field goals and Indiana '25 per cent. 

Indiana continued at Ihc same, sluppy pace 

 in the second period bul Ihe Spurs s'eltled down and raced to a 42-29 lead at inlermissiun. 

The San Anlonians increased that edge lo 15 

 points (-17-32) when deorge Karl bit a layup wilh 1o:17 left in the third quarter but the fouls continued lo mount up on S.A. and a few minutes later the dream nf an AHA cham- pionship fur -San Antonio began |(l crumble. 

The Spurs were actually in foul trouble at 

.... halftime when they held Ihe Ill-point lead. At g that point three S.A. forwards—Hidi Jones, 
3 Ceorge Gervin and Ciuo Kennedy— had four 
•:•: fouls each. 

Mist's (In.- worst trouble we've ever been in 

 at hulfllme," mumbled Spur ushislaril i-uacli 
Rudy Davalos, obviously displeased with the officiating. 

After Karl's layup made il -i7-^2, few things 

 went right for San Antonio the rest of the night. 

 j5j 
Reliable Roger Brown, who ted the winners 

 g wilh 28 ixiinls, immediately hit a thrcc-jiuiuter g and lh<! Pacers suddenly awuke. 
* 
By Ihe end of the third stanza Indiana had 

 narrowed (he deficit to five points (frl-53), and the Pacers held every ounce of momentum in 
Ihe big Fairgrounds Coliseum." 

. 
It continued that way in Ihe fourth period as 

:; Ihe Spurs made five turnovers in the firsl 
S Iliree mimiti-s, allowing the Pacers to tic il 
:; B4-G-1 on a layup by Brown wilh H:-17 left in the 
:; game. j| 
Brown's layup which lied il came afler two 

 g .siraiglit Spur tiininvers. ij 
San Antonio never led again. 

 j 
Pacers Hold Lead 

:• 
For UK last .seven minutes, (be Spurs never 

:• came closer than three points. 
. 
.limes collected his sixlh foul laU- in Ihc 

:• came, but Gervin got called for his sixlh wilh 
:| 6:38 lefl. 

"Il's hard lo win when you have men with 2li 

5 and tfi-poinl averages on the bench," Spur 
S cnach Turn Nissalke said. 

. Ousted 

The Spurs wen.- utilscored 27-15 in the final |i 

((iiarter.. 
' 
•:•: 

S.A. cummilliid 37 fouls and:'^'turnovers. I! 

Indiana, was called :for 28 fuuls and 13 lur- ¥• nuvers. The Pacers madc-3o-iiM:) frco Ihrows, ?: 
.San Antonio (7-of-2a. 
San Antonio scored :'•:• 

 four more field goals Ilian Indiana, but the $ difference at Ihc fun] line meant the difference. %• between going to Sail I.ake City and returning S lo.S.A. 
. 
£ 

Ccurge McGinnis added 2o, Freddie Lewis j$i 

17 and Mel Daniels 1o for Indiana. 
- %i 

.lames Silas led S.A. in ils final game of the §; 

 season wilh 27 jNiinls. Kennedy, doing a fine # job coming off the bench, had 11 and George '& 
Gcrvin 1o. 
• 
•' 9~ 

.JoiH-s, who was.jivcragiiig 2o points in each $: 

 of Ihe six previous playoff games, had jusl Iwo $. pninls. 
'ft 

"(Itiod gosh! They'bad -13 fuul shots lo our.^ 

25? That's iiitbclicvablc:" shouted Oavalos'§ afterwards in a quid Spur dressing room. 
5ft 

"I Ihoiight we got good performances out of $ 

Goo and Chuck (Terry), but with uur scorers ;J on (he bench...." said Nissalke. 
|; 

N'issalke was asked if it hurt lo end the year?| 

 on a losing note, if it pul a bad taste iii his$ mouth. 
. 
& 

"Had taste? No, there is no bad taste in my?| 

 mouth. Not at all. it's been a great season, a$ good season. 
55: 

"I give Indiana credit. They were 15 downf 

 and came back. 
£5 

"I was unhappy wilh the foul situation $ bul... 
•:•: 

"i have a helluva lot of to say about IhingsS 

 oul there tonight, but I belter keep my mouth 8 shut," said Gcrvin, eager and tempted to blast™ the officials, but afraid of a possible fine from« the league off ice. 
:g 

"Things just got going their way, btit.'i 

 really, the refs turned things around," said is 
Silas. "Every lime they went .to the. baskel,"8 they would get Iwo shuts (flee throws)." 

Cutoff 

San Antonio's Swen Nater (j|) moves to shut off a drive by Indiana's Mel 
Daniels during Friday night's decisive playoff game at Indianapolis. 

Baseball Standings r 

American 

League 

National 
League 

ALWAYS 
IN FIRST 
PLACE 

 w a u e e 

Dosloo 
Deuott 
Cleveland 

 ra 

OaMand 
KflruasCMv 

Chicago 

'aw 
5oo 

MO 
— 

6oo iiOO 
. 
.ooo 
3V) 

^V>nl^oal 
5f. Louis 
Chicago 
Nc\v York 
Philadelphia 
Pillsbur^ 

Sao Francisco 
Los Anflcles 
Clnclnnall 
Houston 
Atlanta 
San Diego 

L 
Pel. 

1,ooo 
.633 
- 

.467 

.H4 

.63S 
.571 

.511 
.374 

Doslon 6, Detroit i 
Kfinjas Ciiyaf M'ftnesoia, postponed flfliiimw* i. Milwaukee 3 
Cleveland 9. New York 1 
CMcftooai California 
Olher clubi not ichedulnj 

Safurday'i Genus 

Mew Ywk (Merilch 1o) <il Cleveland 

(Tlrlrow oo), 1? nocn 

Oclro.l (Lollch o?] al notion (WKc 

oo). I i) ni. 

Knnsni Clfv (Ration oo) til Mlivicwlo 

(Sorbln I o), Uli D.III. 

 flnlllnxorc (Cucllor oo1 of Mllwoukte 

(Kcl)Cl oo), UJO p.m. 

TcKtii (DihbY !•]) nt Gn Viand (Olyc 

oo1. 3:3o pm. 

ChlcoootDolTiiicir C - t J of California 

ILockivCKXl oo o1 May oo), 9 nm. 

Nfsv Yorli n) Clcvcto?ti. 3. 1? ii&oi 
Dcl'Oll al notion, l p.m. 
Konifli Cilv of MhineiQlo, 1 : I S p.m 

Tc<oi ol OoVlarit, 3:JO p.in 
Chicago 'i1 Co'JIorn'a, 4 o rn. 

Ondrjian H, Atfaota ? 
SI. LOulS 7, PiHibijrchi. 1] lr 
Hcuiton V LOS ArvoclM 3 
Sd i Olego 3. San FrandKO 1 

Snl'jnlav'i Ctxnci 

Monlrcnl [Torre; o o "onil Air 

o-o) at ChleriQO {Don ho in I- 
HrnlllnQ o Ok ?. I? r.ocn 

Clnclnrnii lUHiinotiuiii 1 C) oM 

(Morton Q l|, 6:3i i) ni. 

PhlladclpKlo (LtKiliOro o-1} r 

Yoik [MaMnck Io>. 1:1* o-m. 

S1. Louis (McClolhtcn oo) al liurr,h (Roofer oo). 1:11 o m. 

LOS Artec lei (Suiion ?oi ot 
^ 

(Wihon oo). ;:JS n r». 

San Prtinc*ico [O'Aciuljlo I o1 

D'cgo (Arlln o ». V p.m. 

 cuilon 

o1 Sor\ 

SurKtiyi o«m*i 

SI. LOW I Al Plfflbwgti. 1, 11:o5 p ni, 
CiiK'rvi&M it Artanla, 1:15 p rn 
Wonireal at Cti1c»^>, 1:15p m. 
Phllatfo1p*il» «t Hew York, 1:15 p.m. 
LOJ Anfltles al HOul'on, 7:W p m. iun FroaclK&.nT Son Ditgo, 3 p.m. 
I 

Sherd I " d ~" " T" ~~ " *^ATS On July 3o, 1924, in Philadelphia, Bill 

1 battor^onomp^n ^bunT"^ to tol*"* ^^"^^ 

I innr!!«iP t 
C°,°"°,y '.°u (J°Ubl° 'h° iUim°r Ql SOCOr^ ^^^^noyToTfollo'nrby^To^ 
I i 
>ng ursl, to Iriplo Iho runnor ot firtt Onr> nitrli .-...ii--i i- . . - 
» 
• 
-. 
' . 
• 
I 

•pqge_2.B 
H* 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-tNEWS-Sotyrday, April 13, 19741 

Lee May's Blast Boosts Astros, 5-3 

HOUSTON (AP) - Lee May hit a three-run 

 homer off luckless Al Downing in the sixth1 

 inning Friday night to vault Houston to a 5-3 victory over Los Angeles. 

 a walk to Jimmy Wynn, Joe 
Ferguson's grounder ami lion 
Cey's single. 

Ken MoMiillcn's grounder 

 liriKlutecl (ho final Los Angeles run in tlir dn> of the eighth. 

1 Illusion Hot it buck in the 

 bottom of (lit- inning on Wat- son's triple and Doug single, 

National League Roundup 

Downing, in baseball's 

 record books for having given up Hank Aaron's historic T15th home run last Monday mglil. was lagged for May's game- winner to right field after giv- ing up it single to Tommy 
Helms and walking Bob Wai- son. 

^ . The liomcr saddled Hie 
.\vinlcss Downing with his 
;.second loss. 
-; Claude Osleen, 1-1, beat his 
-.former teammates with late 

. "relief help. 

••" Houston got a first inning run 

 on Roger Metzger's triple and 
Cesar Cedeno's infield single. 

;;. But the Dodgers tied it in Hie 
- fifth on Steve Garvp.v's .singlu, 
.' a walk ami Leo l.acy's single. 
• then went ahead in the sixth on 

Reds, 14-2 

ATLANTA (AP) - The Cin- 

 cinnati Reds blasted the Atlan- ta Braves, l-i-2, Friday night. 

Dave Conceiicion cracked a 

 tie-breaking two-run double in the sixth inning ami Mcrv Ret- lennumd iTiislii'il a grand slam home run in the seventh lo lead the Reds' IS-hit assault. 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF CLUB 
'ABttUTjFULTBASSPItlKGpFtOlFFOIlimr 

NOW THRU JULY 1,1974 

INCLUDIS INITIATION, AIL OREEN flK AND 

1 
COMPUTE ClUB PRIVILEGES FOR YOU AND 
YOUR FAMILY. MEMBEtSIIIP MAY 6t 
CON- 

TINUED AFTER JULY. 1 FOR $17.1o PER 

; MOWH. 

Pecan Valley Dr. at E. Southcrcss 

Phono 333-7121 

•* "rr^onfinnnnnfljTAnAfiforiitinftiuiiMtjti 

Clay Kirby, who had held 

Henry Aaron hitless last Sun- day, did it again, sinking him out once and gelling him on two roulme fly balls [o lofl before being relieved by Roger Nelson in Ihe sixth. 

K'rby, H, allowed single 

 runs in me liltli inning on 
Johnny Gates' sacrifice fly and 
Ihe sixth nn a wild pilch. 

Johnny bench's home run, 

 his second of the baseball season, gave Cincinnali a fourth-inning run, then they jumped on Ron Heed, 1-1, for 

 three in Hie sixth on two walks, 
Concepcion's double and Ken firiffey's single. 

In the seventh, singles by 

Pole Hose and ,Ioe Morgan and 
Dan 
Driesscn's forceoul 

 grounder accounted for one 

Carbo 's Slam Propels 
Red Sox Past Tigers 

BOSTON (AP) - Bernie Carbo hit the first 

 bases-loaded home run of his major league career Friday, powering the Boston Red Sox to a 6-3 beating of the Detroit Tigers Friday 

Bill Lee. 1-1, a 17-game 

 winner'after breaking inlo the starting rotation for Boston last season on .May 1, worked out of 

(Jarbo, acquired from by Hie 

 lied Sox from -St. Louis in off- season, hit his grand slam in ttie first inning against Detroit starter l.crrin LaGrow after a double by Tommy Harper and two walks. 

The left-liiimleil hitting out- 

 fielder sent a 2-'2 pilch high into the screen in left center for his first American League homer. 

The lied Suv shelled LaGrovi-, 

o-1, with two more runs in the third. 

Singles by Kick Miller and 

Cecil Cooper ami a double by 
Carl Yastrzemski accounted for the runs 

CONTINUOUS 
ALUMINUM 

• CUSTOM MADE TO ANY UNGTH 

RUST PROOF, NO CHIPPING, PEEL ING OR CRACKING 

A 

FACTORY 

ON 

WHEE1S 

'.v: 

Jl 

-* 
_£ ' 
~^_ 

"-"lh1 

II 
$a> 

Special 
Spring 
Sale 

Co1OR COORDINAK YOUfi TRIM WITH BROWN OR WHITE 

CONTINUOUS GUTTERING 

'wuuvMivmwwwmvwwuw 
2o YEAR GUARANTEE 

ON MATERIALS 

1 YEAR INSTALLATION 

GUARANTEE 

• 
. FREE ISTIM^TtKp; 

Call for appointment 

 jams in Ihc second and fourth innings before being nicked for an unearned run by Ihc Tigers in Ihc seventh. 

Orioles, 5-3 

MILWAUKKE (AP) - Two 

 run-scoring wild pitches and a sai/dtice lly by Mark Bcbngcr keyed a three-run fourth-in- ning, lining Ihc Baltimore 
Orioles to a 5-3 victory- over 
Milwaukee Friday night. 

The uprising gave Ihe Orioles 

 u 5-o lead. 

Uavi! McNiilly, 1-1, scattered 

11 Milwaukee bits and survived a three-run firth-inning in earning Ihe victory. 

But he needed relief help 

 from Bob Reynolds after yield- ing consecutive bingles with one out in the eighth. Grant 
Jackson then replaced 

Reynolds in the ninth ;md got 
Ihc final out. 

Buog I'owell and Don Baylor 

 singled to start Ihe Baltimore fourth, and after a force out. 
Earl Williams walked, loading the bast's. 

Successive wild pilches by 

 losor Jim Slaton, 1-1, scored two.rnns and Ine third came home on Uclanger's fly ball. 

The Orioles took a 2-o lead in 

 the third when Williams 

Thursday's 
Late Box 

TEXAS 

O'J r h W 

ONdsooZb 
4 1 1 o larra-isi 
3 o o 1 

AJC*-.ntn II i 1 3 2 

Buriuyhbrl 
S 1 1 o 

Grieve Ch 
4 1 o o 

 orovclb 4 2 1 2 

_--Tlfocl i o 1 o 
=rcjjOil3d 

CALIFORNIA 

Clyde p 
Drobcrup roucauil p 
LAIIenp 

4 1 2 1 
3 1 o o 
O O O O o o o o oooo o o o o 

 ir if t 

Rlvorscf 
Chalkss valcnlinelf 
L^ht>udlf 
FRcbnsntPl 
Rolwcr3b 
Epstein lb 
Sfflnfonr/ 
EIF4drgezc 
DOaylc2b 
Singer p sdirap 

4 3 2 1 
SO oo i i j i 
1 Q O Q 
4 1 1 3 
5 1 2 o 
4 4 3 1 
3 2 2 3 
3 o 1 o 
4 o 7 1 
O O O O 
O O O O 

American 

League 

 singled witli one nut, reached second on a sacrifice and scored on a single by Al 
Biimbry. Singles by Uieli' Cog- gins and Bobby Grich scored 
Bumbry. 

Indians, 9-1 

CLEVELAND (AP) - Frank 

Duffy's three-run homer keyed a fourth-inning uprising and led the Cleveland Indians to a 
9-1 victory over the New York 
Yankees Friday night. 

Duffy's homer, off loser Pat 

Dobson, featured a six-run rally during which 1o batters went to the plate, helping the 
Indians end a five-game losing streak. 

Gaylord Perry limited [lie 

Yanks to four hits and was not troubled by the stricter spitball rule which was invoked against him in his other start, against 
Ihc Yankees on April 6— a G-l 
Cleveland loss. 

Wet Grounds 

BLOOMINC1TOX, 
Minn. 

(AP) 
— The scheduled game 

 between the Minnesota Twins and Ihc Kansas City Royals was postponed Friday because of wet grounds at Metropolitan 
. 

The game will be made up at 

 a time not yet determined, said officials. 

Pens-hit a ground-rule dou- 

 ble, .Iiiok Akor came in from the Atlanta bullpen unii vvalkctl 
Bench intentionally |o i,iad Ihe bases and Rcllcninund cleared 
Mien with his liomer to left. 

Singles by Conception nnd 

Nelson and Craig Robinson's throwing error produced the 
Reds' final run of the seventh and they added four in the ninth, two on Nelson's bases- loaded singlo. 
" , 

Cards, 7-6 

PITTSBURGH (AP) - Rec- 

Eic Smith cracked a run-scor- ing single in (he llth Inning 
Friday night, lining the St. 
I-ouis Cardinals to a 7-6 victory over the winlcss Pittsburgh 
I'ilrates. 

The loss was the fifth for 

Pittsburgh in as many games this baseball season. 

Tim McCarver opened Die 

Cards' winning rally with ;i pinch single off loser Bruce 
Kison and sped to third on Lou 
Brock's single. After Ted 
Sizcmore hit into a force out, 
Smith smacked his game-win- ning hit. 

Richie Zisk's solo homer with 

 one out in the Pittsburgh ninth had lied the score 6-6. The 
Pirales had pulled to within 6-5 in the ciehlli on Ed Kirkpa- trick's leadoff double and 
Richie Ilebncr's two-out, run- scoring bloop double. 

Sizcmore and Ted Simmons 

 cached rapped two-run doubles in the seventh inning, giving the Cardinals a M lead. 
LATE NIGHT 
BULLETINS 

ANAHEIM (AP) - Krank 

Robinson and Joe LaHoud clouted home runs as the 
California Angels blasted the 
Chicago While Sox, 15-1, Friday night. 

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Dave 

Roberts atoned for a costly error with u tic-breaking single in the seventh inning Friday night, giving the San Diego 
Padres their first victory, a 3-2 triumph over the San Francisco 
Giants. 

CaliFeinFA 

E—Cl-slk. 
D.I 

LOB -Te«as 
9, 
DP—Texas 
I. 

 irnla 
7. 
SB— 

 nsc-n, upsiein, LovllJo. 3D—Valen- 
HR — S'anlon [31. F.Robinson 
[U, 

 n ID. SF-F.Rctlmcn. 

•P 
H R ER BBSO 

1 1 3 4 
2 
2 
2 
o 

2 1 - 3 8 
7 
7 
o 
^ 

313 
o 
o 

Clrdc 
BrohCf 
Foxaull 
1. Allen 
5inflC<- (W.I Q> 
SiSr 

3 
3 
7 
1 

7 2-3 7 | S 
1 1 - 1 2 
o o 
1 I 
HBP-b/ L. Allen [S'ailon). V;P--Bno- 

. Oa'.k— irtgcr. T— 3:44. A— 8.o37. 

GENERAL AGENT 

MILITARY UFE SALES 

"BEST" recommended 

 company seeking a General 
Agent to handle LIFE sales lo Military clients . . . Write 
P.O. 
Box 8o8, Corpus 

Chrisli, Texas 784o3 

ABA 

Dtvtilcn Semifinals 
Thuritfav. April 11 

No gomes scheduled 

Friday, April 12 

Weil DivJtEon 

Indiana 86, San Antcnfo 79; Indiana 

 pins- icrfci, 4-3 

DM lion Finals 

Salurdov, April 13 
Eailerfl Dlvjifon 

Kentucky (^ Hew York, 7:o3 D.m. 

Wcit«rh'DlriiIon 

 l.-.d'ara or San Anfcnlo ul Ulcli, 3:3o 

NBA 

Conference Semifinal! 

ThurnJaYr April u 

Wcslcrn Conference 
Detroit 92. Ch?caoo CS.- •;«(« tted 33 

Friday, April M 

Eaiiern Canfercate 

Bosrcn 1o4, Bullalo 1o1; Boston win-. 

Serlti. J 2 

Nc« York 91. CaBllal 81; New Ycrf, 

' ' Sbturdar- April 13 

Wtilern Conference 

Dclioil al Chkago, 1o:3o a.m. 

Sunday, April n 

Eastern Conference 

D-j(ro.o ot Cpslon, II ncccisarv, 12:15 

Hockey 

 lecds ^ 

Nlll. 

Quarler finati 

Thtjridoy, April ]) 

 n i. Toionlo 3; Boston leads 7-o 

Friday, April 13 

 de'oliia 4, Allanla 1; Pr-lladPlphlo 
.ciici, 3-o 

Chicago 4, Los Ar.gclcs 1, CfvlLcoo kads 7o 

Montreal t. New York 1. scries 1'cd 1-1 

Salurdor, April 13 

Mcnlreai of Kew YorV, ;:o5 p m 

Boilon oi.Toronfo, 8:OS p.nv Clilcoao 

 ol I os Angeles, 1o:o5 p.m. 

Sunday. April U 

 iVloo.1reo1 o1 Hew York. 1:CS D m. 
Phi'ade'cli'a ol Allonla, 6:CS a.m. 
Boston al Torcnlo, 7;o5 p.m. Chlcooo 

o1 Los Anger«. 9;OS p.m. 

KID BASEBALL 

NW POMY LEAGUE 

Biaves 1o. Orlotes B 

STEEL BELTED 

RADIALS 

(Get The Uniroyal Feel.) 

GLASS BELTED 
WHITEWALLS 

4o,ooo MILE 
WARRANTY 
CHOOSE SET OF FOUR 
SIZES 
178-14, F78-14 
G78-14, G78-15 

WMI....3J.J5-J.15 

HBJM5.. 39.J5-3JS 

F.E.T.~$2.33.$3.19 

MOUNTING INCIUDED 

39.95 

 l 
II «d|.illn, 

Jill Il«ttl lllghll* 
MEZZETTI = 

COMPANY 

6239 San Pedro 
342-9521 

Serving San Antonio For 19 Years 

 r«r MI) Aiwkm C*r* y 

M tihi hi ih (iilHiih) !' 

 win, 

 a-jarler-tinad 

Thuritfar, April n 

'Jo gartiei scheduiod 

Friday, April 1? 

Bait Division " 

Chkopo 4, Hew Cng/ond 2; Chicago 

 j teats', scries, 37 
* 

'Toicnlo 4. Cleveland 2; Toionlo IcOL'i 

 i icrki, 3 o 

WeiT Dlvlllo.t 

Mlnnc^olo ol Cdmcnlon, 1o p.m.; 

Mlruseiola kQch 3-o 

Soturday, April 13 

EaiT Civilian 

Toronto al Cleveland. 7 n nt 

Weil Oivltktn 

ViMnnlpeg at Hauslan, 7;3D p.m.; 

Houston Iccds 2o 

Sunday, April H 

Gait Division 

 rJeiv tfr.gtar.d ol Chkcgo, 1:3o cm. 

Wett DlvUlon 

Wl^nlort al Howtlon, 7:3o p.m. fldn-onl&n al Mlnneicra. /:1o p.m. 

Flying Foli 

Pittsburgh shortstop Frank Taveras fires Ihe ball toward first base in an unsuccessful double play at- tempt after making the force of Montreal's Tim Foli 

(19). —AP Wirephoto 

»r Jueague 

Scores 

National 
American 

 tue 
League 

ATLANTA ' ' 

 abrhbl 

Ross II 
5 1 3 o 
"wlerlt 
1 o 1 1 

 gan Jb 
A o 2 o npft o o o o 

Chgniyib 
o o o o 
Drleucn 5D i l o 7 
TPererlb i 2 2 o 
3lunimrc 
1 o o o 

BerKtic i ? 1 1 

RetlaimdcF 4 3 1 4 
Concepcnss 5 3 4 ? 
Grlifeyrl 
4 o 1 1 

Gwonlmocf 1 1 1 o 
Klrbyp 
3 o o o 

 ieiscnp 
2 1 2 2 

CINCINNATI 

Garrrf 
Lumlb 
Ever.ub 
HAaronll 
OlMcecl 
Bakercl 

OatMC 
CRoWnsnss 
R«MP 
Houiep 

E«sterlvp 
Frlscllap 
NMIIIcrph 

 sb r n bl 
4 o 2 o 
4 1 1 o 
4 o 1 o 
3ooo 
1 o o o 
3 1 7 o 

3 2 o 1 o 
15oo 
3 o 1 ] 
4 o 1 o 
2ooo 
O O O O 
oo9o 
1ooo 
O O O O 
O O O O 
1ooo 

TOal a 14 18 13 
Total 
33 ! 1 1 

:inclnn»tj 
ooo 1o1 6M—1I 
AlUnla xacilKl—1 

E-Kirby. C. Robinson. OP— Clnclnijll 

1, Allanla 1. LOB-Clnclnoall w, Airama 
7. JB-Rosc. Conception, T.Perez. EuKer. 
HR—BNKh (2(, RcUcnmwxl (2). SF— oates. 

 mi 
1 
3 
23 3 
1l 

(I). WP-Klrby 2, R,,a. 

SWT, ACC 
Draw, 3-3 

ABILENE Spl) - Southwest 

Texas Stntc and Abilene Chris- 

 an lied 3-3 in a Lono filar 

Conference liMmis duuf in;i(di 
"rid ay. 
The outcome loaves South- 

 vest Texas will) M points uncl a hird place tic in loop action. 
The rcsulls: 

SINGUES 

Svcd tfcerm, S\VT, del. Andy Jclncr 
-i, &-4. 
Tc-.v Drown, ACC, dpi. Ofnc Mortis 

-3, 34, 6-3. 
Kyle Kimbroyoh, SWT, del. Klni onf^im 6-1. 6-1, 
Lorrv Randk, ACC, tfcl. /.'.ivc C'ardc 

DOUBLES tiaccm and Morrn der. Joiner ond 

(lCve MiKcnitt 6 J, ?-6, ;-6. 

Drown and Rondfe att. Khnbrouoh 
.-^d Clafdy 6-7. 61 63. 6"o. 

SOU'KALL 

FRIDAY A 

CarcKj'i 13. Kt.R Hockcls II 
Dud's Devils It. E-.press&Hc,'.* J 
Chanos Ouao-jl U, Qooieri a 
Ken's Alhlelk U, Cobrai 1 

FRIDAY A GOLD 

CM.C-MIC P. Firsr Federal 8 
Pe.'aulni 9, InrflvfilL-nls 9 
Wild Bur.clt ^t, SADA U f.'.eiixlv Ice Ktwic 71, O Pokiiinij I 

FRIDAY AA WHITE 

Saen; U. Sculh^ldc Records 6 
Hiigtkerb 19, Reoal TV 1o 
Ton-uico Ice IS, Investors J 
FolCOfii 5, Fi^hcf Au1o 4 

FRIDAY A 

Arcadia S1cne ?l, Ward^, t 
AARCO 12. A's ? 
Te^nro ?l, lurplne ? 

FRIDAY A YEt-LOW 

United WekJIng M, thrcc-bv-f-ivc 6 
Gcinboa'^ 1o. Oooicrj 7 
R&> ?!, //.wlon Data 7 • 

DETROIT 

 a 
EBrnkmnsi 
GBrownph 
)oioxpr 
ARodrgcnb 
NOflhrimrl 
Xallncdri 
WHWfon If 
MSfanleycf 
Frcehanc 
RCaiMb 
Sulhrlir,d?b 
LaCrowp 
Frymartp 

4 1 1 o 
4 1 1 o 
3 1 1 2 

BOSTON 

 b r h bl ab r h bl 

4 o o o HarperdJi 
4 M o 

o o o o KrV.illtrcf 
o o o o Cooperlb 
5 o o o Yilrmikllf 
5 1 3 o Mnlgmryc 
3 1 1 o 

5 1 1 3 Carbo rl 
4 1 3 4 

3 o o o McAuHle 3D 3 o 1 o 
4 o 1 o Grlfffnlb 
3 o o o 

1 o 1 o Guerreross 1 o o o 
4 1 1 o Lccp 
o o o o 

4 o 7 o OevelaTdp o o o o 
o o o o 
o o o o 

Tolal 
35 3 8 2 
To^al 
19 6 6 6 
Del roil 
CM ooo 113— 3 

BoiTon 
4o1 M 
MX— 4 

E— Lee, Montcomrv. OP— D*lroil 
1, 

QOSlOn 1. LOB-Ddroil 1 Boston 3. ?B~ 
Hdrcer,S'jlher1ar>d, Yaslremskl, Hrcerwn, 
A'cAu!ilie. HR— Carbo til, KaHrte (It. 

IP 

LaGTOMlL.o-1. 
Fryman i 

LetMW.MJ 
7 

T-2:23. A-8,451. ' 

H R ER DD SO 
5 S i 3 o 
3 
o 
o 
1 
3 

5 
1 
o 
3 
1 

3 
2 
2 
2 
2 

CLEVELAND 

Ob r li bl 
Wtiitoll 
2 o o o 

Hcgarclb 
4 o i o 
Mynsonc 
4 5 1 o 

Wurctrcl 
4 o o o 

Blombcrgrl 3 o o o 
GNe1lle$3i> 
4 1 1 o 

ScdaVlsbli 
3 o 1 o 

V-chaclSb 
3 o o o 

Masons; 
3 o o o 

ClarkeJo 
1 o o o 

Dofcscnp 
O O O O 

KVVNghlp 
O O O O 
' 1CDowell p 
O O O O 

H E W Y O R K 

 a b r h b l 
Lcwcnsintf 
3 1 o o 

Hermott>7t> 3 1 o o 
Hrrdrlckcf 3 1 o o 
Billion 
4 1 1 ? 

ChmWlH lb 4 1 1 1 
Spikes r f 
3 1 1 o 

RTo/ftsrl 
O O O O 

8BCH133 
3 J 1 1 

Duncan c 
4 o o 1 
Dully ss 
4 1 J J 

GPcrryp 
O O O O 

Lylcp 
O O O O 

 ti Total 
3o 1 4 o 
Total 
3o 9 4 a 
New Ycrk oio «» ««_ i 

Cleveland 
8»!JiOU-» 
E-Dulfy 2, Murccr. DP-Clevcland 7 
OB-Wew York 5, ClevHarKl 4. IB- 

. a?«,r,(w,,.,, 

Bumbry If 
Cogglnscf 

TDavlsdh 

 a b r h b l 

S 1 2 I 
4 o 1 o 
4 o 2 1 
5 o 1 o 
4 1 1 o 
4 o ? o 
O O O O 

Gaylorrf 
BlAfr cf 
BRo6Jnsn3b 
EWIIIamsc 3 3 1 o 
Bclartccr&s 7 o o 1 
McNa'lyp 
O O O O 
BReynldlp 
o o o o 

GJacksonp 
O O O O 

MILWAUKEE ail r h bl 
Money* 
5 1 1 1 

Bwryeh 
DMayrl 
Mllchdlph 
Scclllb 
Gr.'go&lf 
Coiuccloc! 
Porlerc 
3 o 1 o 

McCarlnyph 1 o o o 
CNMret 
O O O O 

Garcl&!!i 
4 o o o 

Younlss 
3 1 1 o 

BShe.don ph 1 o o o 
Slalon p 
O O O O 

Sprdgucp 
O O O O 

4 1 3 1 
4 o 1 o 
1 o o o 
3 o 1 1 
4 o 1 o 
4 o 2 o 

Total 
IS 5 II 3 
Tolal 
37 3 11 1 

EH 11 more 
ConiOKO— 5 

Milwaukee 
GMo33C44—3 

E —Q.Roblnicn, Youol 
2. 
OP—M'l- 

 aukee I. LOB—Ba'llmore I. MMweukec 

9. JO-Grkh. Baylor. Money, a Mar. 
3o-Gumijry. SB—cocglns. 5—Bdanstr. 
SF—BeJangen Scoll. 

I P . . H R E R B B S O 

o 
o 
1 
) 

o 
o 
o 
1 

McNally(W,1-l> 
B.ReynoltJS 
G.Jackson 
S'alon (L.1-1I 

71.3 11 
1 1 3 o 

1-3 o 

3 3 3 9 
5 
5 
1 
-,--,-- 
S 1-3 1 
o 
o 
1 2 

 save—G. Jackson in. HBP-fjy Spraatje 

(Grlch I. WP-r-S!«1«l 2, Spraouo, McNally. 
T'-3:3S. A-9.433. 

WATCH 
THE 1974 
MKSJERS 
GOLF TOURNAMENT 

 televised live and in color direct from the beautiful 
AUGUSTA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB 
"V Saturday, April 13th 

Channel 5 
3s3o PM 

Sunday, April 14th 

Channel 5 
3:oo PM 

Don't Miss Ms Great Sports Show co-sponsorocJ by 

BENNETT-JORDAN-YAN HORN INSURANCE AGENCY 

8o15 Broadway Phonoi 828-3353 

 and 

THE TRAVELERS INSURANCE COMPANIES 

Hartford, Connecticut 

Celtics Post 
1o6-1o4 Win 

BUFFALO (AP) - 

Jo Jo White sank two free throws after time ran out and gave the 
Boston 
Celtics a 

-,1o6-UM victory Friday 
, night over Buffalo. 

Aflor Buffalo's Bob McAcloo 

 tied l!io giinic n( HM-KM wllli a slcnl anil a stuff sliol with seven seconds remaining, Bos- ton's Don Nelson inlxiundcd (lie ball. 

Seconds later, referee" 

 l):irrell Garrcltson called a foul on McAdoo just inside mid- court, Boston's side. 

While then stepped to the 

 line, both loams walked off the court, and While made the sliols that sent the Celtics into the Eastern Conference finals. 

The 4-j'Ciir-old Braves, who 

 fiaincd Hie playoffs as a wild- card team, gave up two points to 
Boston at the outset on John 
Ilavlicck's basket, then went ahead 8-2 on a pair of baskets by roukie Krnic DiGrcgoi io and two free throws and a two- pointer by Gnr Heard. 

Halftimc Lead 

The Braves, hilling consis- 

 tently and cheeking Boston, were in /runt by six pnitils at the end of the first period and held a une-uoinl edge at half- time. 

11 was reserve I'aul IVestpluil 

 who kept Buffalo from running away in Ihc second period as he struck for 12 points. 

He added four more in (he 

 third before going lo the bench. 

The Celtics, who led 53-52 for 

 only 27 seconds in Hie second period, grabbed (he lead with 
3:o3 left in the third on While's two-noinler for a 79-78 edge. 
Havlicck followed with a baskc 

Boston 

Advances 

 ami by the end of Hie session, 
Boston was in friinl 87-82. 

Wilh two minulcs remaining, 

Heard picked up two points from Ihe floor and McAdoo ad- ded two more fruni the free throw line. 

Then, between them, the 

 learns got nine more charily points, five for Boston and four for Buffalo. 

With 1o seconds left. Jack 

Marin intercepted a Boston pass and whipped (lie ball to 
McAdoo for a basket. 

On the next pass-in, from 

Nelson to 
Dave 
Cowcns, 

McAdoo stole the ball and raced for a sluffor lo knot Ihe game at 1o4-1o-1 with seven seconds lo go. 

While followed with liis 

 game-winning free throws. 

MeAdoo, the NBA scoring 

 champion with a 3o.6 average, finished the night with 4o points, llavlicek led Boston with 3(1. 

BOSTON 

(HI): 
Hivllctk 

 ii -i t-t o, \.wy/en> / 
1-1 19, ^ 

I, Chatiev o 1-3 1, WJIIfams I ttftHS'tlW^MMi!; 

... 1! LI 3o, Nil- 

.COWWV7..I-I 15, WllVe I 22 

I oo 1, SlliS llaim ll-M 

~*-i rni_vi M,*(I: rvKrw.ul&n 3 o-o 6, 

Heard » 2 2 5o. McAdoo 15 1o.1) «, Sltlilh 
3 « ». Dlprejwlo 1o o-o X, Mtrln 1 J.J i, Gu'okas I oo2, Charles 1 o* 2. Tolals 

BOikJn ' 
» » H »—in 

Bulla'D 
26 
29 28 22—1o 

Fouled oui: Silas, McAdoo. Tola! Foult 

BOllon 25, Bullalo It, A: 11,257. 
Quarry Must 
Pay Alimony 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - 

Heavyweight boxing contender 
Jerry Quarry must pay $1,o24 monthly child support and alimony to his former wife, 
Mary, a Superior Court com- missioner ruled Friday. 

ABA to Draft 
NBA Players 

NEW Yo11K (AP) - The AHA, iioliny mcrfcr with (he « 

NBA is still ;i yoal, undcrsL-oruil u mure iniiniMluitc goiil '"' 
Friday by iiniiDuiicing il will conduct a draff nf active NBA players. 

"Our (joal is still IUCI-KCI-, hut our iniincdialu jjoal is to « 

 build Ihc .strongest professional basketball loayue possible," S a siMjkraniiiii for AI3A Commissioner Mfltu Storcii said. 
'$. 

A rivci-rounil draft of NDA players is to precede the annual § 

ABA draft of college players here next Wednesday. s 

The draft of NHA players will be Hie first lime cither pro 
| 

Itvifuc has formally picked Ore ollnr's "players. 
;S 

Its purpose apparently is to keep ABA teams from ram- §j 

 peliiiK willi eaeli other in attempts lo sign NBA talent. 
$ 

No Comment j| 

'"I have no cmnmeul except to say that I assume the ABA 8 

 wunhi not attempt lo have an NUA player breach his existing S contract," NBA Cinnnmslnner Waller Kennedy said of the S 
ABA action. 
$• 

"In one way it is a positive step," said l^irry Kleislicr, S 

 executive director of lliu NT!A Players Association. 
§ 

"But their way of doing it offends us. The ability nf a I 

 player In fio where lie wants should not be limited by •• i: drafl." 

The ABA aelion follows a similar action in pm fnulball, 5 

 where the WP'l,, which has yet tn play a «amn, nici'iilly hold ¥ a public draft of i\'Ff, players. 
:'|: 

A mci'Hcr between the ADA and NBA might not be dead, " 

 but it certainly is bossed down. i-j 

The two leagues signed a merger agreement a couple of § 

 years ago, but then the NBA Players Association tuok the §: mutter into court. 
:•!; 

Court 
I 

The court ruled there cnnliJ be no nu.'rger williout g 

Conuressional approval, which has not been granted. The |x merger agreement expired last January. 
£ 

Some former NBA players now in the ABA are Billy Cim- •:• 

Jiiiigham and Joe (,'aldwoll of Ciirfllina and Xclmo Hcaly of S 
Utah, while Spencer Haywoud and Cliarlic Scott went from ft the ABA lo the other league— Maywonil to Seattle and Seotl :•:• to the Phoenix. 
:£ 

Then there is Hick Harry, who played for UnMeii -Stale, ij 

 then San Francisco, of the NBA, went tn Oakland of the ABA i-i; and then New York of the ABA and finally returned lo Golden S: 
State. ig 

The frail of Barry's liask'ctball (ravels was strewn with £ 

 legal red la|io. 
J: 

 is^aaaisiffiSvvaMs^iriiaaviBft^Jj 

/ 

NBA Coach Of Year 

Detroit Pistons coach Ray Scott holds the coach of the year trophy he won in his first full season as coach of the Pistons.—AP Wirephoto 
Trinity Is 3rd 
In Tournament 

AUSTIN (Spl)~ The Trinity 

Tigers gained a third-place spot in (he opening day of the 
Texas Relays Tennis Tour- namcnl Friday tierc. 

The final round is Saturday 

 on the University of Texas var- sity courts. 

Texas and the University uf 

Houston are tied far first with 
14 points \Vhilc the Tigers have 
13. 

TEXAS RELAYS TOURNEY 

SINGLES: RUI MalyosUk <T] del, l_« 

Merrv. Ho-jilon. 6?, 61; Jim Tlmmlns 
(T) del. Dill Hoovct.-Tcxai A&M. 6-3, 
6-2; Goniolo Uur.ci, Texas, del. David 
King <T] 64, fr-4; King 6cf. Mark Sll- bcrman, A&.V., 6-3, 6-4; Mo1I Ralncv. 
HWJSlon, de(. John Burrmann (Tl 4 (,. 
7-S, i-?j Burrman-i del. Tom Couis«> 
A&M. 36, 7-i. fc-3; BV\ McGowan (1) tfcl 
John Kcrwln, A&M, 6-3. 4-o; 
Brad 

1,'cbor!,. Te»rjs. d?l. Bgtk Taylor (Ij &?, 
7-5; Tuylor tfel. Kprmlt Smith. A&fA. 6-1, 
6-3. 

DOU&L.ES: 
M e r r y - D a l e Cud en 

Hwilon, del. Malvirsllk-King 76, 3-ft, 
6-1; 1 Immini-Ourr maun dcf. 
DIM 

Wrlglil-Sllbcrman, A&fA, 7-5, 6-or 
McGowan-laylor del. Lllll Fljtior-JIm 
Bovrc-ii, Texas, 7-6, frO . 

TEAM STANDINGS: HQMlon, Jc*a<,. 

 bolli U; Trfniiy 13; AS."v\ 1. 
Tigerettcs 
Advance i 

AUSTIN (Spl) -The Trinity, 

 women's tennis squad enters semifinal and fitml action Sa- turday here in the Texas Com- mis^iun mi Intercollegiate 
Athletics far Women (TCIAW) 
Tminiament District -I. 

The tourney sUirled Fridny 

 on the University tm Texas in- tramural courts . The winners and rumicrups in both singles and doubles competition will earn a trip to the stale meet later this month at Beaumont. 

TCIAW TOUKNCY 

SINGLES: 
Jo AnnP RUSICII <TJ del. 

Mary Tr«dennlck, Texas, 6-1. 6-7; Mary 
Homm (T> rtel. Svlvla Thomas, naytor, 
Al. fit): Dcnna Slotkltm [T] dcF. Hanry novosad, TLC. 6-7, 6 o; Rub%rU del, Amy 
Kay Wllklns, Tpxgs. 4 3 . 61; HtKinn der. 
Stockton 61, 6 1. 

DOUBLES; 
Hoiniii-Val Franta 
[T) 

 dcT. Robcilo Johnson-Rita Aih. Baylor, 
6-o, 6-o; HDnini Pranfa del. Barbara 
KamOrldac-Sharan Hill. Marv-Mardln 
Oavlor, 6-3. 6-4: Trcdennlck-Jo Ann 
Kurz, Texas, del. Sue Graham-Ulannc 
Si!«s, (T> 6-7, i7, 7-5; Rui»ll-S1ocl.1on 

Tcxai, 6-?. 6-o. 

SATURDAY MATCHES 

SINGLES: 
Russell y%. Hambridgc: 

Kvrt vs. Hflmni. 

DOUBLES: 
Hanmi-Fian!a vs. Frnn- 

 tls Candv-Mondv Mwcan, Wary-Haidln 
Uuylor; Ruiigll-Slocklon vs, Kuri- 

Center Closed 

McKavliu Tennis Center will 

 be closed all day Kaster Sun- day. 

DEPRESSED 

CARE 
CALL 

226-4443 

Cool off with an 
In-Dash Air Conditioner 
From CONRAD'S 

AND KEEP COOL WITH THE SOUND SYSTEM OF YOUR 
CHOICE FOR YOUR NEW CAR OR TRUCK. 

VINYL 

PROTECTIVE 
MOLDING 

Conrad's 
Service Center 
263o Culebrcs Rd. 

434-6311 

FULL LINES OF 
IN-DASH AIR 

CONDITIONERS 
FULL LINES OF 

IN-DASH SOUND 

SYSTEMS 

SftlUKDAY MATCHES 

SINGLES: Molyoslifc vs. DOT llcl'.on, exas; Tlmmlns vs. Bob Os'e, HouMonr cGowan vs. Dan Gvllclil. Texas. 
IXJUBLES: 
TfrnmUis Ourrrron vs 

Ic^Qrl 
K e l l c r - r j uncz, 
T e x a s : 

^tGov.an.lavlor vs. Jim /AcrJalrv-Ioii 

AlcA(o:c. Hussion. 

San Anlonlo EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 
H 

Knicks Outscore Capital 

NEW YORK (AI>) - Earl Monroe, shining 

 like a pearl on offense, and a New York defense that strangled Capital in the third quarter keyed the Knicks to a 91-81 victory 
Friday night, 

New York Advances 

In NBA 
Playoffs 

The 4-3 NBA series victory 

 moved the Knicks into the 
Easlcrn 
Conference final 

 against the Boston Cellics who closed out Ilielr .series against 
Buffalo with a 1oo-1o1 victory. 

The Knicks and Celtics OIHMI 

 their best-of-seven playoffs 
.Sunday in Boston. 

Moncow, who finished wilh a 

 season-high 3o ]X)ints, kept (he 
Knicks in Ihc game in Die first tialf with 18 poinls, sparked a 
New York breakaway wilh eight puinlsin Ihe third period. 

 lie then blunted a Capital 

 comeback in llin f i n a l 

 comeback wilh his list field goal. 

The Knicks, while .scuriiig 

 only 18 points in the (bird period, held (tie Bullets to just 
1o as they opened up a M-lil lead al the end of (he quarter. 

Oilier keys in the New Yurk 

 victory were John Cianclli's defense againsl Klvin Hayes, who scored only 1o [minis; 
Knicks' di'miiminci! in offensive rebounding ami three costly 
Bullet mistakes in the fourth quarter. 

In the final period, with the 

Knicks leading 73-H7, Hayes scored a layup but was called 

 for an nfcusive foul, nullifying the basket. 

Then jusl seconds laler, 

Archie Clark broke ahead of 
Ihe field <m a fast break but blew the layup. 

Wilh about four minutes left 

 and Ihe liullels (railing only 
8177 after a siring of six straight |MiiiHs, Phil Chenier missed two foul shots. 

Then Dave Delinssehere 

 stole a pass after a Hayes rcbuund Mini Monroe connected lo make il 83-77, and Wall 
I'rav.ier followed with a bucket lo put New York up 85-77 and oul of danger. 

The Knicks, who. led o3-5) al 

 halftime on Rill Brmlley's field goal with one second It'll, led 
Highlands 
Tops Team 

Highlands led the way willi 

 five selections cm the Dislrict 
M-AAAA 
All-Star 
Girls 

Volleyball learn selected by league coaches. Hirst learn selections: 

Hllhlur.ds— Willie Wjlllums, Yvorne 

^uloll, Nila Wushiralon. Kr',^ DnHu 
Esll.C' Ruirirez. 

Jcflerson — //urilvn Lcj'HJCrUery, yir- 

 g:nk> Gorcia. i'nulctlc Utof. 

Lanier— Socorro Accvcdo, IHniir.a 

Co-:frcror,. 

Ediv<wj— Du-a Co'c*. Dee An.i Dcllc1. 

57-55 with 8:4o remaining in Ihe 
Ihird iwriud. 'J'bey then made the move that sparked them lo victory by reeling off eight unanswered poinls on baskets by iMwiruv, Fi'axiej1, Gi;:m.'lli and DeHusschwe. 

The quarter ended with New 

York in front C9-G1. 

Fur a lime il looked like the 

Knicks might manhandle the 
Iliillcls in Ihe first half. With the game lied 14-14 and the inadisiin square 
Garden 

 capacity crowd of 19,694 going 

 wild, the Knicks.put on a 15-6 spnrl for a 2.9-SO lead at (lie ctid of the period. 

Fra/ier scored five poinls 

 and Monroe and Bradley four each in (he burst. 

PALLETS 

MOFFETT 

LUMBER CO. 

432-7881 

THE ALL NEW, GO-ANYWHERE 

CooV 

ELECTRIC 

 porta-cjrill 

•: up fo r.ne d-:rch ha!rburgers_ur 

 twDJify hat dogi [2 tbi.). 2oo sq. "in/ gulling cirea vilh dirome-plalcd coo'-:ing rack. 
Rui> proof cad 

 o!urrjnurn houvr.g. 6-fl. outdoor eo'd 
(of 
1 1o/12o 
V. 

Variable Kcal control. 
BankAmcjicofd 
& 

Hours: Won.-Fri. 8-6,Thurs. 8-8, Sol. 9-5 

LOOP 41o AT V A N C E J A C K S O N 

341-7731 

 tiiiamiMmmmgm*fftttHttmmmami^^^mmmi^fmmmmmmi^^ 

San Antonio's largest discount electronic centers presents a 

- 
_^*L 

Pioneer SX-424 Receiver 

Two Ampex 71o Speakers 

BSR 26o-AX Changer 

Base, (full covrrr carlikJgp 

List 476.75 

DYER DEAL 
$269 

SANSUI 

Sansui 661 Receiver 

TWO EC! 1253 Speakers 

BSR 26o-AX Changer 
Boic, dull (.over, coi'rid<jo 

List 656.35 

DYER DEAL 

Model 22o-o 

List 529.95 

DYER DEAL 

AKAI 
Stereo 
Tape 
Deck 

 v/ith Gloss oiifl cryslof Forrilc 

HeorJ 

 and Aulo Reverse 
$39995 

Stereo 
Head 
Phones 

List 6.95 

DYER DEAL 

88 
2 

Pioneer SX-525 Receiver 

Two Ampex 71o Speakers 

BSR 26o-AX Changer 

Base, (lull COVLT, cartridge 

List 536.75 

DYER DEAL 
$^99oo 

Sansui 771 Receiver 

Two EC( 1 253 Speakers 

BSR 26o-AX Changer 
BaiC, (Ju\l covuv, Cfiflndgc 

List 7o5.75 

DYER DEAL 

MARANTZ 227o 

AM/FM Stereo Receiver 

14o walls RMS 

DYER'DEAL 

BSR Stereo Equalizer 

$88°° 

 list 99.95 
DYER DEAL 

499oo 

Medallion Car Stereo 

2288 
LIST 39.95 

DYER DEAL 

BSR 26o-AX 
Complete 
Changer 

* Cailridcje 

• 
Dust cover 

• Boio 

 list 76.9o 

DYER DEAL 38oo 

 ledronic centers t, 

We discount price . . . not quality! 

6738 Sari P««fre 

824-o7o4 

1724 S.W. Military 

M7-3771 

7S15 Hwy. 9oW«it 
673.o461 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday, April 13, 1974 

Grand Opening! 
HILLCOUNTRY 
OUTFITTERS 

555 BITTERS RD. 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78216 

OFFERING A COMPLETE SERVICE 

TO THE OUTDOOR 

SPORTSMAN 

HILLCOUflTRY 
OUTFITTERS 

• Backpacking 
• Fishing 

• Hunting 
» Archery 

Grand Opening 

SUBJECT TO SUPPLIES ON HAND- 

THRU WED., APRIL 17 

ATLANTIC TINTS «.„, 

ATLANTIC TINTS R^.JSWO 

ATLANTIC PACKS «^ *5».« 
Buddy S<ro.1kcpl 
BLACK SHEEP PACKS «.9 ,39.95 

BUDDY SCHOELKOPF 

SLEEPING BAGS 

Fiberfiilll* 

1 'A-lb. Duck Down « 

BACKPACKING TENT ,,9.,,7.95 

PORTA TOILET 

MACHETTE .. 
Me hawk 
BACK PACK 
MoKawk 
BACK PACK. 

PR1MAS LANTERN 

64?°: 
345o 
44" 
24" 

1995 
2^s 

PR1MAS STOVE ... 

HI CANTEEN 

HI FRY PAN 

HI LUKCH BOXES 

HI TOASTER 

.2" 

SILVA COMPASSES 
GREATLY REDUCED 

.....S 
95 
I95 

24" 
18" 

EXPLORER I 

VOYAGER il 

HUNTSMAN 

RANGER 

PROSPECTOR 

WfflST COMPASS 

7" 
S95 

24" 
I4?s 

8*9 

FISHING 

Ulch.V 
TACKLE BOX 

Ukh.V 
WORM BOX 

BOAT NET ,6 «,is . io-at. 
MINNOW BUCKET 

AA1oo Bolliry OMioKd 
AERATOR 

. S 
29 

.S 
29 

88 

IURES & 8X1/75 

LIMIT 1 EA. BRAND PER CUSTOMER 

LEWS SPEED STICKS 

Htglatl M.4 
TROLLING MOTOR 

Uloddmg. 2-Sp.ld Dwd. & tiv. 
TROLLING MOTOR 

.... 3" 
18s8 

1995 

24" 

ZEBCO 2o2 
3" 

WIlK SolkJ Clou 2-P<. Onring Dad 

PfluM*r 5MB Supreme 
M mn c 

BAIT CASTING REEL 
21" 

RODS B«tkl*y, Mailar, South Bend, H.I., 
Trua Temper, Wright McGill 

BIG "o" 

NO-NO-LURES 
88' 

Mime Twiner n«k* 

6" SPR1HGTAIL GRUBS lor.ir. 99* 

PJc" TAIL GRUBa.h 
5C 

PICO POP 
491 

H & H SINGLE SPIN 
13' 

DOUBLE 
23' 

TARANTULA 
48' 

SCORPION 
49' 

FAHC-CEE MINNOW 
57' 

BEETLE SPIN 
49" 

ORIGINAL BOMBER 

HELLBENDER 

ARROWS.., 3o 
E». 19* 

BROADHEADS«., » 
E*. 31C 

WASP 3-BLADER.,.$12o., ooz.72o 
STRING SILENCERS B«S. s.oo 

BHA ADAPTER«.,.« w D» 
DOZ. I2o 

ARM GUARD «^.»3.so 
2l° 

GLOVE «.g.tuo 
#511 SIGHT «„ uoo aao 

BOW STRiHGS R.g »9.95 

STRING SILENCERS «„,», so 

BOW COVER.., »JOo 

GLOVER., si oo 

TREE STEPS,.,. it.n 

WRIST ROCKET,.,.»,« 

75' 
65 

«o3 

S 
3 
,8o 

H. Schmidt Western Styla 11 IR/22 Mag. Convertible 

22 IR 
$34.95 
22 Convertible 
$39195 

Austrian Handcrafted Tyrol Rifles in 243, 7mm Mag., 

3oo Win. Mag. and 3o-o6 calibers Reg, $229.95 
$169.95 

Remington & Pelors All American Skeel Loads 

12-ga 
$2.9o 
2o-ga 
$2,49 

Remington Field Loads SP-6 & SP 7Vi 

12-ga 
$3.49 
2o-ga 
$3.o9 

Peters 38 Spl. & 45 Auto Pistol Ammo 

3o Spl. Target 
$4.99 
45 Target 
$6.99 

EXTRA 
SPECIAL 

Indestructible 
CANOES 

HILLCOUNTRY OUTFITTERS 

555 BITTERS RD. 
SAN ANTONIO 

Drive Ouf During Our Grand Opening...and SAVEI 

Four On The Floor 

Four leading women golfers pose in New York's Town House Club in anticipation of their participation in the Colgate-Dinah Shore Winners Circles LPGA cham- pionship Apr. 18-21 at Palm Springs, Calif. From left are Shelly Hamlin, Carol 
Mann, Kathy Whilworth, and Laura Bough. —AP Wirephoto 

Lady Luck 
Shuns Texas 

Trinity Slips Past 
Hardin-Simmons 9 

ABILENE (Spl) - 
Trinity's Tommy 

Crumrine, who had a tremendous day at the plate, came on in relief and thwarted a hue 
Hardin-Siimnons rally Friday, saving a 12-11 victory for the Tigers. 

Crumrine hail 4-fur-4 al Ihe 

 plalc, including a grand shim hume run. scored ihrce runs and batted in five. 

In the lioltoui uf Ilic ninth, 

Andy Gumbos of the Cowboys belled a three-run home run lo make il 12-11 and Cnnnrtne came in to pitch with still nobody out. 

He walked the tirbl bailer, 

Itipn got Ihrcc ouls in a row on a slrikeoul, pop lo sliorl and fly lo cenler as (lie Tigers wcnl back over .5oo willi a 14-lli record. 

The teams clash again at I 

 p.m. 
Saturday in a 

 doublcheader. Dale Chancy and 
Mickey llalilcr will [>i(cti for 
Trinity. 

7 Home Runs 

The fjamc fealnrcd seven 

 home rims, iiicludinj- four by 
Trinity, with Itoss Uurfdovt, 
Ken Cmerek and .liinmy C'ani- polo also cunnectinj; besides 
Crumrine. 

Before Gamboa did it, Uu 

Harrison and Mike brown bit for the circuit for Ilardin-Sim- mons. 

Burgdorf iiit a llircc-run blow 

 in the first inning behind Pat 
Stancliak's double and 

Crumrinc's walk to get the 
Tigers off and winging. 

Cmerek led off the second 

 will) a home r u n , then the 
Tigers ciime back for another 
(ally in 
(he • third when 

TrirtHv (13) 
Koran-Simmons 

 ab r h bi 
(11} 

Mueller is 
J \ 1 o gb r Ti bl 

SlnchaK cf 
5 2 2 o Ta'um 2b 
J 2 2 o 

Crumrne o^4 3 4 S Lowion II 
J o o o 

Sbsllan U 
4 o o o Davis « 
5 o 1 1 

Brgrfrf Ib 
4 2 ? 3 HanK Ib 
5 1 2 1 

Mayo ? b 
4 o o o Brown 3b 
4 1 1 1 

Cmcrek 3b 1 1 1 3 Harrionil 4 3 3 1 
Dicfzrl 
5 1 1 OiKrvmlre d"i-l 1 o o 

Camrjoki c 5 2 1 1 Gtnibco cl 5 ? 3 S 

M<Phsn c 
4 o ? 2 

Wa:c!ld cfl 1 1 o o 

Total! 
3? 1! 13 IjiTcJsri 4o 11 14 11 

Trinity 
31! 4o1 Oil — 12 

KaroMi-SimmriAi 
1H HI flu 
— 
11 

E — Dfelr, WcPherso.i, Davis LOB — 

TrMIr II, H5 II. ID - taluni J Co'll. bolo. McPhcrson. Horrl!, Slonchuk. 
Crursirlrcc. 3B — Mueller. 
MR 
— 

Crunrlnc. Qurodorf, Cmerek. Horrlsoi. 
Camoolo. QrCMn, Gcimboa. SF — Wavo 
S6 — Taluni, Cnicrcl*. 

K ER BO SO 
6 
6 
4 
2 

5 
2 
4 
Crumrlnc 
I 

 vlivons t 
J i J 

LlndsolllLI t>, 
} j 
5 

Sin'lli 
'.j 
o 
o 
o 

 x-Coldercn laced Ihrcc mtn in n 
Y-Fvoin faced Uo n:en In 1Mrd 
WP — Lintjoll. PB — McPlicric"! 

3:1o 

Rattler 9 Plays 
BSC Foe Today 

St. Mary's is expected lo hurl 

 lefthander iiruce Velters ( M ) when the Haulers lake on llns- ton-Tillotson in a liig Slalc 
Conference game at 1 p.m. Sa- lurday al V. .1. Kcefe Held. 

The Haulers \yill be trying lo 

 regroup a f t e r ' I w o straight conference hisses. Overall, 

 they are 2-2 in the loop and !I-1G overall. In an earlier game, they defeated Iluslon-Tillolson 
9--I. 

Following Ihc game, two 

 learns of St. Mary's aliimn meel in an "nld timers" con lest al '1 p.m. 

Brewers 
Midland, 8-5 

Whip 

SCOITSDALK, An'/.. (-Spl) - 

The 
San 
Antonio Hrcwcrs' 

Alvin McGiew blasted a two- run homer as his learn beat the Midland Cubs, 8-5, here 
Friday. 

Mctifcw's round tripper 

 came in Ihc Ihird with the lirewers liehintl by three runs. 
The San Aiilimians came back i n ' t h e fourth inning with a three-run rally lo lake the lead for keeps. 

 l.loyd (ilaildcn picked up the 

 victory. He relieved starter 

James Anderson in the foutll inning. 

Midland hail beaten 
III 

Brewers, 1-o, in Tucson Tliiirs day. San Antonio now stand 
12-5 wilh one exhibition game left. That game will also hi with the Cubs Saturday in Tnc son. 

Tile Brewers open Ihei 

 regular season next Friday i 
Midland. 
Son /.nlonlo 
[o7 113 K)7-ft U 

 r/.ldland 
3M oo1 oo1—S 7 

San Anton o ballerv: ArKter&ori. Glut 

 den [O. Penol/er (71 and Rodr:oue 
*/—UKJdaen. MK—*>t;-i Anlon-o, McLtrC' 

12- 11 

 rumrinc doubled lo bring unie Stanchak, who singled. 
Ihirditi-Simmom. scared four nics in its hair of ihc third 

1 take a 6-5 lead. It luslci! just few minutes before Criimriiie lasted a graiid-sliini 3iiO feet 
>'cr (lie 
1 rislit field feticc in (lie 
1 

 op of the fourth. 

On base were Handy Dietz on single, Campolu by an error nil Kevin Mueller by a walk. 
Cainpulo blasted a long solo lomer in the sixth, then the 
"igers elosed out [heir scuring iaradu with a pair in the 
'ifjlith. Uruinrinc singled, lurgdurf walked, a wild pitch nul Bryan Mayo's bum moved hem nil, then Cmerek hit a wo-run single. 

AUSTIN 
(Ah) - 
Texas 

Houlhcrn caplurcd twu relay victories and Missouri miu 
1'rirtay niKlit mid l,inly Luck shunned host Texas in 
I lie 

 opening aelion the •l/lh Texas 
Kcliiys. 

Neither uf (lie two University 

Oivision winners recorded sen- sational limes as some 7,oo1) largely disgruntled fans 

 watched in subdued silence. 

Longhorn Heed Fischer fell 

 dovMi in the distance medley,' leammalc Tim Patlun dropped out of the three mile and a muffed liandoff on the final leg of Ihc 88o-yard relay cost the 
Steers a possible victory. 

The Texas performance was 

 a far cry from last year's quadruple relay triumph ami left the SiiiUhwes! Conference williuut a single victory enter- in!; Saturday's wind-up. 

Texas Southern ran away 

 with the sprint medley relay and then shot down runner-up 
University of To\as-RI Paso in the 88o-yard relay in 1 minute 
22.3 seconds. 

However unspectacular the 

 limes. Hie action set the stage for tlie hearalcd appearance 
Saturday of three world record holders, shut pullers Al Feur- t)iicli and George Woods, and high jumper Dwight Stones. 

All three represent the 

 powerful Pacific Coast Track 
Chit). 

In Ihe most exciting race of 

 tlie night, Charlie McMullen spun the mile in -Ml to propel 
Missouri lo its liair-breadlli distance medley triumph. 

McMullen broke out uf a six- 

 man pack coming off the turn and shaded Oklahoma Stale's 
Mike Manke by a step lo nail down Ihe [irsl University 
Division Relay title of tlie two- day track festival. 

The lime of !i:38.'^ was just 

 four seconds off I lie Relays record and gol Ihe opening night off to a rousing slarl. 

Southern 
Wins Twice 

With Mnnko's -1:oo,3 closing 

 mile, OkUliomn Stale was docked in 9; 38,3. jtisl ahead uf 
Wichtlii Suite's 9:3fi.8. 

Texas iSoullicrn, the pcrcn- 

 tii.il College Division power f I'd in Houston, sounded quirk uolicc Dial II uuisl bo reckoned with as a iiiiivcrsily contender this yciii-.by sweeping handily 
(o a \vltinltiK .1:18.5 in (lie slicing- medley rehiy. 

Unlverilty-Collcge Division 

Diicul-l, Marshall Sn»llli, Cotoiodo 

Stole. 197-19/2. Zdruvko Pccar, Brlohom 
Young, 19A1. 3. KetUrt GartJcnkraiilj, 
RHQ ham Younu, 1 9 4 - 1 1 . 4, Druce 
ZabeKM. Tc*avEI I'aso, 163-?, 5. Rcucrl 
Kuhn, FoM HOYS Kansas Stoic, 13M. 6. 
Jim AlcGcrfdrfcV, Texas. 187-2. 

 joveiln—George Sfovcnt, O Mahomet 

SlotC, 2-12-i. ?, Sam SlrlcVlarul. Ar'uaru. 
"" 
9. 3. Dob Obce, Ktmias Slolc, ?3J 9. fcin Tennis, Kansas. 711-1. V Ivy 

RoLjlchcuiK, Ncrrheasi Louhla^a, 227 6. i. 
Bud Blvine, A'atamn. 2?<S o. 

•14o Hurdle* — 1. Mike Luc. Kansws 
'Olc, 5o.4 ?. Jimmy Gullev. Uavlor, 

Sl.o 3, flol) Rainbo, Fbrkla, il.J. J, 
Raosevrll lolberl. Ariiuno, 57.o. S, G>:i 
Krhmcior, Kansas SlalCj 57.L 6, Danny 
Sniilh. A'jWrn. 52 6. 

Long Jump —1. Josh Ov/usu. Anoclo 

Slalc. 75-9'?, ?. Iheojore Hcniilton. 
Kansas. 7S-7 
1'.-. 3. John Q c r r y . Texas, 

2-J 1o. J. Dannv Sea. Kansas, J4-? 
Jj. S, 

Ted Hero-nan. LSU, 3-J-9. 6, Toni Asarc, 

Distance /.*.cd'ov Relay—1. /Aisso-jn 

(Tun Me^uilcn. Jim Crawford. Dave 
Roole;.- Ct-orlle McfAulloii) 9 : 3 3 ? . ?, 
OvJahooio Sla'o. t'.W.I. 3. Witliifa Slulu. 
9:38.*t, -i, So'Jlh Carolino, 9:39.1. i. 
TfdiKI Paio, 9:4o.3. 6. Arizoro, 9,-JU. 

Co'lcgc Division 

Diiloncc ir-cillrv-l, llorttH-oit Mis- 

 souri <lVuvnu Vc:illiny, Larrv Janes. 
ROT Karmon, Lii'lov LiODOr) 9;S(.3. ?. . 
Kaiiidi Srutt-PillSUuiy, 9:51.6. 3, I:cr1 
Havs Kansas, 9:iS.O. J. Anyolo $iotf, 
9;55.2. i, Oklalxmu Chriiliar, 1o:o].-l. 6, 
Hovlhy.csi Louisiana. 13:o/J. 

Soiinl Mcdluv Rcloy--!. Soufhern 

IJfjrncs Jockscn, Ac.drcsv Bro,vn, Corl 
Stevenson, Milfor Chovish 3; ?!.,'. ?, 
Prairie View, 3:22-3. 3, Tcxcs AiJ, 
3:?J.5. -1. Sojthwcst Tc*(ns, 3:29.o, 6, 
Unltas »o2liS*. 3:2*.9. 6, Ahl-'cnc C^rii- har*. disaual.Iipd. 

Junior College Division 

JJO Hurdles—I, David Hchon, Cisco, 

57? [PCV* record, old record of 52.3 sel by Vance Rolor.d, Eailcru Oklahon^, i?73t, 2. Flovd Cuvilt, Cisco. 52./. 3, Guy 
Y or borough, Raiicicr, 54.3. l, Miypv 
Rice, Odessa, 5J.5. 5, Kick /.'.cV.ohan. 
San Jaci~.l3. 5*.6. (,, Bryan Lcv.is. Son 
Jncinlo, il.l. 

DIH a n c o M c t! I c v R c I« v — 1. N e v/ 

WPKICO (Mi'ei Rce'ev, norrnll Ju'nis'n, 
John Rilcv. Bruce Smilh) 9:57.9 (new record, old record of 1o:o6.? set bv 
Odessa, 1973). ?, Odessa, 7:59.o. 3, C.sco. • 
1o?15.5. -1. Blinn. 1o: 19. 5. Rurocr, 
1o.21.5. d, SO'.lh Plains. 1o:?6.J. 

Snot Put—l. Mark JcMnso.-i. Cisco, 

IQ 1o. 2. Chuck Orrery, Rangor, 5o-3 j. 3, 
Willa-i Hnidn,',nv, Qllm 
UDChurch. Soulli Plan' 
Sen 
. Blini 
39-U 

N'ew lirauufcls' Dan Steussy 

 lilched a one-hilter as the 
Jmconis nipped Ruuicvell, 1-o, n District 2D-AAAA schoolboy 
>ascball action Friday. 

The win was Sleussy's third 

 loop victory in four decisions. 
The Unicorns, now 7-1 in dis- trict, are one game In-hind 'Kl- 
AAAA leader Highlands. 

Wei grounds indefinitely 

 postponed Cole's game at ,Jud- son scheduled 
I'riday. No 

 games are sel for Satunlav. 
Roosevelt 
COO OW o-6 
1 o 

Hew 
UraunlclJ. oo3 o1o *-l I o 

^•orcr.o a^ia ArnoliJ; Meusw and 

Kaulinnn. W— Stcus^v (3-1. di&lrkl* 
L-.V.Orcno (2-9). Vkgll Dcll'i ifnulu 

 ck^d hsnic Hudv WwJriguef for Ihe n'ny ru.i. R<yir(cuei nau ling ed nnu 
(ir.ccd en o socrilite l:unl. 

SAISD Track 
Meet Is Today 

SPRING SPORTS 

TCU 8, Arkonsoi t 
Ul A 3 3 . Cornell M 
Houston ol Mice, pp(J., ro-n 
Tc-Oi i-4, SV/ Louh'anu 1 3 
Bavrw ?, SMU 1 

Ariior.o H. UTt?n 1 

Nearly 35 teams will be 

 represented in Hie San An- lonin lnde[ien>le>il Schuol Dis- trict's 
Regional 
Qualifiers 

 meet starling al 1 p.m. Satur- day at Alamo Stadium. 

The fir.sl anil second place 

 finishers in Icical and area dis- trict meets are eligible lo par- ticipate In (lie meel. 

Every local and almost all 

 area teams will participate in 
Ilic meet, expect the .lay Mus- tangs. .Jay, which is considered lo have one of the !>ost teams iti town, chose lo participate in the Texas Relays in Austin. 

Highlands, 
Houston, 
Mc- 

Collum, and Cuero are aiming tlie team favorites in Ilic meet. 

The meel will also present 

 interesting matchups in six events—Ihc mile run. Hie 1-KJ- yard relay, Ihe 4Id-yard dash, 
(lie 88o-yard dash, (lie high jump, and in the :):l(l-yari| in- lermcdialc hurdles. 

In the mill- run. Kick I-'ra/.ier 

 w i l l be (titled again.sl Him 
Dakin of I.ee and Arthur Nious of r'ox Tech. Kra/ier has the city's best lime (if 1:5-1.7, 

GOLF NOTES 

PAN AM GOLF 

Tnc Pon American Gall AisocioH.,.. 

 to.rnarncilt *(.hccju!cd lor Sunday hui ' been eoiceled. 

NORTHERN HILLS 

Counlev 5ur.d3wnen. best ball pluv. 

Frljov'& r e & u i r & : Sid Hillon-Llnuo 
Urcvkc 39; Tom RuHclv-Co'lccn Bunlvn. 
A\orh Dome's Dellv Schleaer, Jotin Bcn- ne!l Dolllc Nlllsn. all 37. 

TI-^MS vcr RED 

 li.c Nav'ast del. JoV) Alexander 7,6. 

6-4; /Aorlv ftlcsitn del. Cllll Drvldalc 
7-*, 6 ); Andrew Pottlion d«l.'DaIo« 
Toioc;y 6-L 1-6, 6 J; Ocb Moud tlfl. 
M!cK [TMcn 7-6, J A, b I: Tvo 7falio def 
Mlchelc Gurdul ?•(,. 4-o, *.<; Gall 
Clianlr«aj lift. Alcno Palmccvn 7-S, to.- 
Lea Pencoll del. Dunlcln Pcrrlo 4J. 76; 

. Helde Oil.1! ik!. Ilkho'e n nics I £, 67. 

 t,o. 

SIIMMAHY 

"AQUEDOClr 
Hi/llilcs% Slopes — 
. 

Do*n [1171, Craflv Collei, On] F'ujdlev 
A mile or.a a 1uf long Irt 1: il I-V 

7 Will Be 
Honored 

Seven A l l - C i t y basketball 

 players will be honored during an Kaslcr Festival at 1'illman- 
Sullivan Park Sunday. 

The Society nf (Jiliwns Or- 

 ganized for Progressive En- deavors Inc. (SCOPH) w i l l prescnl awards lo Arthur Kd- wards and Darrell Scruggs uf llrackcnridge, Elijah Owens and Mike Jones of Jefferson, liruce Williams of Kdgew 
I, 

Darrell 
Hrugdun nf 
SI, 

Cierard's, and I.unzy I.ee of 
IlighlaiKls. 

The cerei mil lies and (he fes- 

 tival start at noon. 

OPEN EVENINGS 

1o4.5 FM 

PUT YOURSELF 
N OUR SHOES 
ATHLETIC SHOES 

OR ALL SPORTS 
AND SPORTSMEN 

AMOUS BRANDS 

OF 

CONVERSE, ADIDAS, 

UMA, TIGER, DEXTER, 

HVDE AND RAW1NGS 

1ASEBAU 
• Whllit 

 t 
• Blaiki 

SOMtAIL. 
• Kidi 

SHOES AT TEAtfl r«ICIt 

111 ll.it, MAUf'S 

FtEE FAIKirK) S1OIESIOE 

 fullowed b.v Dakin with I:5i;.3 and N'ioiis 1:57.2. 

C'uero and lliglilands are ex- 

 pected to duel fur the -t-IO-yard relay truphy. Cueni Inis i nn a 
42.!) and Highlands -12.5. 

Calvin 
Salberry nf 

Highlands, who ran a 4!).o in 
Ihe 2U-AAAA meet lasl week, 
«-ill have his hands full wtlh 
David Hill cf Cucro (-13.4) and 
Jncy Ilernaiide/. of Marshall 
(43,7) in the-HO-yard dash. 

A four-man race is being 

 forccasl in the mile run. Harry 
Massengale (-1:2I).5) and Mario 
Vidnles(4:'2r).3).bothnrKdis 
Lane 
Mitchell tif 
Alamo 

 llciglils (WO.:)), anil Ignacio 
Olivaresof Lanicr (4:2!).!l) each hojie In hit Ihe finish line firsl in this event. 

Mike Junes nf .Jeflersiin, 

Bnbby O'liear of l.anier, and 
Hryun Ilildchrand uf HoH.scvell are Ihe fclluws to beat in Hie high jump. Junes and O'liear have juni|rcd Ii-4. and llilde- hrand has a li-li'/., leap lo his credil. 

George Adkison of .Sinilh Kan 

Antonio (M.U) and '['ninniy 
Ovcnnaii «f IIiHhlaiHl.s (.'!!(.fi) should make [hings interc.sling in tin; :i.1o-yard intermediate hurdles. 

Tins meet is a preview of Hie 

 regional meet which will he held ne.xl Friday and Saturday ul linccaneer Stadium in Cnr- pus Chrisli. 
16 Even is 
At Speedway 

Royally will share t h e 

 limelight with men and 

 machines when the Poleet 
Strawberry Festival <|iieen and her cuurl visit Pan American 
Speedway Saturday night. 

Alula! of Hi events are nn lap 

 ill mini stocks, hobby stocks and super stocks, with the final event featuring youngsters on two and three-wheelers. 

(lutes upen al li:M p.m. Sa- 

 turday, wilh the firsl race al H. 
•Admission js $;i fm- Mhi](a, $1 fur children (i-12 and no charge fur children under six. 
QMA Finals 
Are Today 

Comanchc I'ark will \w. UR.' 

 sllc nf thn SimthwL'slern chain- pionshlp races of ihu (Juarlor-. 
MldgelAssdclalloiiiir America. 

'I'inic trials will slarl ul « 

 n.lii. ;iml clianiploiwlilp nicc.s w i l l h e g l i i i i l I p.m. 

The cars, designed aflei 
1 

 pnifi'SMiinal race cars, will he driven liy yunngslers ages six 
Ihrniigh III. Mure Ihnn lid m- 
Irles are expected nurn six stales. 

Admission will In: free In Ihe . 

CiimatR-hi: 1'ark track located on HiKNhy Avenue. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

A Birdie For Johnny 

Johnny Miller yells after sinking a birdie putt on the second hole Friday at the Masters golf tournament at 
Augusta, Ga. — AP Wirephoto 
Masters Scores 

AUGUSTA. G*. (AP> Second-round 

 store-* Friday in 1nc Mlh M. 
Tournament on !hi' 7,OW-yard gusl*i 
NalTonal Go" courjp 

 rimaleur}: 

Huberl Green, 
Hale trwin 
Jim Co'.bcM 

Tom WeiSKopf 
Gcneunier 
J<T-k N'cfclaui 
Dart Slk« 
Phlt ReiJgcrb 
Ray Floyd 
Uobby Nklioh 
BIMv Caiper 
J. C. Snead 

Gar? Player 
Da vi? Hill 
Ralph Joiini1c-i 
Chi CM Rodriguez 
Al Gt-'boryer 

Kcrmlt Zarler 
Julius Qoros 
Bnxe Grampian 
Li«rry ileglcr 

Leonard Thompson 
Graham v.ar^i 
Bud A'-lin 

Johnny Miller 
JclKi Schlcc 
Ci-arlM Cccuy 
AT! Wa'.l 
[lob Goafbr 
Maurice Bembridyc 
GrvlUe Moody 
Arnold Palmer 
Pder Ooslcrhuis 
(Id Snecd 
Babe HlLkev 
Failed loQuiiilv 
Jumbo o/nkl a-trcvor Homer 

1 o-in ny Aaron j-VWc Giles 

,f . .JQ,. par 72 Au- 

«a-7o— 1» 
6S-7o— 138 
67.71—139 

/I 67— UO 
69. 71—14o a? 7i-i« 

72 H—UI 
67-72— U1 
73 -iS— HI 
7o-71— 141 
7363-H1 

75. jj ^ j 

71 71— U? 
71-7?— HI 
72-71—1*3 
7o 74—144 

• 7*41—144 

73 71—144 
75-7o — 145 
7372-U5 
73-73--H5 
75. jo nj 
;j>77— 14S 
76-i?— US 
73-73—144 
7S 71— Hi 
72-74—146 
7V71--H6 
74-72—144 
7o-71—147 
76 n—W 
73-74 — 147 
74-73 -H7 
76-71— H/ 
7P-«a— U7 
74 74—148 
7o .78—148 

79-7o—149 
77.J2— 14? 
71-74— 149 
78-71— U9 
73-7fr -149 
77-73— ISO 
74-76— ISO 

Lo-J Grcfham 
74 74—15o 

 a-Gary KOCti 
7fi 74— 15o 

Ga/ Brewer 
75.75—15o i-H«irl dcLoilcr 
74-76—15o 

Doug Ford 
74-75-15) 

Gardner DkklniOn 
71 M— 151 

 a-Oov/nlng Gray 
7S-76 — 151 

.1 RFchard SfrfororJ 
74-77— 1S1 

Jo^-r* Schroetier 
76-;^— 151 

Jack Ourkc 
72-79—151 

 a David Slrawn 
77-75—152 

Bob Charles 
73-79—152 

 a Bill Campbell 
747B— 15? 

Toriy Jacklln 
Sl-71— 152 

 a-MsrkPfell 
7577—152 

 a-Dill KratzcrJ 
79.73—152 

Paul Homey 
77-76—153 a-Marlin W«1 
73-8o—15 

 n-Cratg Siadlcr 
79-74—153 

Uannv WadXlns 
74 BO— 1S4 

Lsao Aoki 
74-W— 154 

Jim Jamicson 
M 75— 155 

Herman Kclscr 
76-7?— 155 

 nob Dicksoii 
76 7?— 1S5 

Sam Adam* 
6o-79—159 

Bc.f1 Greene 
31 81—142 

George Archer 
75-WD 

Budget 
Landscaping 

Do-it-yourself program 

Savei mane/ Gives year round colai PcriOnalizci your home 
Increases proper fy value 

We Jo rlic plan you do Mm 

 p'anring 

Full scrvkc ava'lob'c cho 

Introductory $^> A5Q 

 offer 
«J £ 
BUDGET 

Tyi l A.TOI 
LANDSCAPE 
341 -6/32 
SERVICE 

*• Clip csnd redeem ol Cninpfirc - Wimbcrlov- 

BZ^BI 

I 

3 rr-a o o K O 2. "5 c' ! 
2 " 3 i/i . 
S "> ™ rt 

S 3 ro -*• 

!° 3 ° 
-+\ «> < "i 

5>' ^ m rt li-as 

 w 

(Q _, U> 
» ^ 8 
§ 3 

 ai u> 

. ?r 3- 5 
Z V n <f> •< y 

 fj4ini 

 irio i:er fMii'l/. fjolelioli'i II ima'ff, <x-il«f il or oyflr B^. 

 ij*--i 
.—' 

John Poerner... the man for ALL rea 

The 21st Congressional District is a huge area ... 32 counties, 
51,ooo square miles, one-half million rural and urban people. 
It takes a "man of the land" to know these people- And 
John Poerner Is that man ... by a wide margin! 
For John Poerner is a native son of this land ... a member of a Pioneer Texas family that settled in the midst of this diverse area over 125 years ago. He is a true "man of the land", active in farming, ranching and land development. He is also a businessman . .. director of a bank and president of his own land surveying company. 
In addition, John Poerner has served with distinction in the Texas Legislature longer than any candidate running in the 21st District race. 

A firm advocate of Federal assistance for soil and water conservation, John Poerner believes in underground water storage. He is also committed to a strong predator control program. 
He champions better government, not bigger government; demands a dollar's worth of service for every tax dollar; favors a strong military posture, 
John Poerner, the man for all reasons. 

JOHN POCRHER'S MANY HONORS INCLUDE; 

-•The "Outstanding Representative Award" in 1973 by the Texas Sheriffs Association 
The 'Distinguished Legislator Award" m 1973 by the_ 
Vocational Agriculture Teachers Association 
The "Conservation Award" m 1973 by the Woodmen jtf.the World. 
The "Agricultural Hail of Faine Award" in 1972 
:by 

Southwest Texas State University, 

/A 

 k V . V .' N,^-> \ ^X^ i,v>^\ . 4 #-^c>>v] 
LWf, , • is jj" 
?< i 

V 
-5«~ T/' . '•'." 'J^'JE!»K.«!V«;"- .^[^••••••••^^^•••••••i 
POERNER 
Your Conservative Choice 
CONGRESS 

POLITICAL ADVERTISING PAID FOR BY COMMITTEE FOR JOHN POERNER, ALDERT VANCE CHAIHMAN/H. o. BOX 468, HONDO, TEXAS 

PUBLISHED BY:' SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, SAN ANTONIO, TF.KAR 
<1/13/7H AND4/U/74 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday/April 13, 1974 

Ililaulaslnrloperation of iisuwrrclcimliiKservior. snmelhiim 

 like Rolo-Rooler. 

Do I nccit a slate plumbing license and <1» I nwcl n dly liu'iisc 

 ofany type? 

CUHKNCK DOWNING 

A slate plumbing license is needed, hul a license that will 

 not required permit you to go about your 

 cleaner is not engaged in scwcr cleaning activities is removal, installation or repair necessary. of pipes, plumbing appliances 
Kor more information con- 

 and fixtures, other than the (act the City Building and clean-out cap. 
I'htnning Administration at 
| A city plumbing license is not 225-1o31. 

Vietnam Bonus 

IamiiithuNavyalNAS,Chase Field, Bccvillf. MyIminestale 

 is Iowa and it siarlecl giving onl a Vietnam bmnis Oct. I of last year. 

Isentmy forms in October ami auont DCL-. 111. I ri'ccivwl a card 

 from the Iowa Vietnam Service Compensiitiun Bmnis Board acknowledging receipt of claim. 

The question I want to know and so do others from Iowa who 

 are stationed here with me, is why the lung delay in sending us uiir bonuses? 

RAYMOND E. LEU BEEVILLE. 

The reason your Vietnam 

Service Compensation (bonus) lias not been sent is you dirt not sign your application card, Ac- tion-Express is Informed by the 
Iowa Bonus Board. 

A new form has been mailed 

 to you and the board will expedite your claim, a spokes- man said. 

._ • Tjic board has sent out 4-1,45o 

 f 
Southwest 

 checks out of 86,7oo applica- tions, he said. The rest are ex- pected to be mailed within a few weeks. 

Since you didn't forward the 

 names of your Iowa friends. It is not possible to fitul out if there is a delay or they are included in the 12,ooo others 
Klill that are slill to be mailed ouf. and Love ... 

Is it true (hey are going lr> force Southwest Airliiies'to land at 

A l irpolV'.ln?lQild-of'Da'ni's Lt)vc 

•Minust talseja flight toWlaVat 16'ast'lhrcc times a month. The costs ol Hying io the regional airport, plus (he additional lime just .won't be worth it if the airline changes. 1 might as wcli drive, ifl can get the gasoline.. 

Can Action-Express contact our good friends to tlie north and 

Una out what is happening up there? 

C. V. HUGHES 

The cities of Dallas and Fort 

Worth want Southwest Airlines 
(and all others) to use tlic new regional airport. Southwest docs not want to. 

In 19C8, there was an 

 agreement by eight airlines, signcc committing them to operate only at D-FW airport. 

;,-: Southwest,-.not in existence 

When Ihc agreement was 
-signed, has refused (o enter in- to the contract. 

Southwest won a court battle 

With the city of Dallas to remain at Love Field. Dallas currently has the decision on uppcal. 

Southwest last week olfered 

 the cities of Dallas and Fort 
Worlli a voluntary compro- mise, but with three stipula- tions, to end the controversy. 

Southwest President Lamar 

Muse said Hie airline Is (tilling to pay landing fees "not to ex- ceed $1 per 1,ooo pounds" it permitted to continue use of 
Love. 

It presently pays five cents 

 per 1,ooo pounds and (he land- ing fee at D-l/W is 65 cents per 
1,ooo. 

The conditions were: 
The Regional Airport Board 

 issues to Southwest a waiver permitting it to provide cer- tified inlrastatc service to any 
Texas point through Love 
Vicld. 

The cities of Dallas and fort 

Worth dismiss their appeal and agree Io take no action against 
Southwest to remove it from 
Love or Mcacham fields. 

That any air carrier certified 

 by the Cl\il Aeronautics Com- mission he required to serve 
Love or Meacham only pur- suant to a waiver from the BAH containing the same terms and conditions as the nalvrr issued 
(o Southwest. 

The proposal is In I ho hands 

 of (he two city councils and lilt airport board. Meanwhile, a proposed city ordinance to hail all scheduled aircraft from 
Ixivc has been delayed, at least until Monday. 

• Action/Express 

To.hnvc your ftrnblaiit soliwtl or <i ques- 

 tion' tinsHifiretl, just wrili> 
Io 
Ac- 

 tion/Express, P.O. lit>\ 2171, Sun An- tonio, Texas 78297. 

BURKE 

OLDSMOBILE 

ANNOUNCES 

The appointment of Bornie Weinstein to our sales staff. Bernie has been a resident of San Antonio for over thirty years & has spent the lost fourteen years in the automobile business. • 
Mr. Weinstein invites his many friends 
& customers to come see him or give him a call at this grand modern Olds- mobile facility. 

Service 
What it's all about 

75o Northeast Loop 41o at Broadway exit 
Siilcs Monday Saturday 7:3o am 9 pm 
Service Monday Friday 7 3o am 6 pm 

824 o411 

SIDE GLANCES 

"Moyke it's eosy for Ihe office computer, Oils, but I don'l wonl anylhmg impBrsonol like il to pick a name for OUR 

 bohv!" 

"lei me guess: We're invited over to the Buxlon's to eat 

 creamed <orrolsj" 

DR. SMOCK 

THIKIKIN:.. 
-THB 

 f>ot,tVBKS 
HIS 

, IP esss 
RPAt-UV PO CONTAIW 
HOW co/^s- you see A 
FAY RABBIT ? 

REX MORGAN, M.D. 

THAT SOUNDS LISTt HIE GOVERNOR'S 
UMOUSINF. PUIIIN3 UP.' ITLOOKS4! 
THOUGH HE COT FINISHED 
EAKtIER THAN 
HE EXPECTED/ ^^P"<V^UI I,' 

OA.DVY, fWlS K 
} IT'S A MEASURE TO 

/MIS5CALE/ 
/MEET VOU, (11IS5 SAlf.' 

11115 1VAS 5UCH A lOVELY EVtHINQ 
I THOROUGHLY OIJOYED 

IT/ PEKHAPS VOU AKDAIK5.SIMONS 
WILL COME TO/WV PLACE 

KERRY DRAKE 

/Meanwhile, nvtes anaxaknockcnadoor 
•'- going to involve Kerry's brother rVt 

 sterf/ing chain of erenfs/..,-,, ,., , 

IT'S FW 
TO HAVE A 
BROTHER, 
RIGHT' 

I HOPE YOUU HWE HJM 
ATTHEWASNERS'-ANP 
LEARN TO LOVE THEM. 
~ 

 m 
APARTMENT 3-G 

POCTOR, IT'S 
PIFFICULT FOR 

ME TO BELIEVE THAT YOU'RE A 
QUALIFIED PSYCHIATRIST.' 

WELL, THAT COULP BE OHE REASON - 
BUT THE OTHER B THAT 1 RPN'T 

YOU CAN HARDLY CALL 
THAT A PSYCH1ATRC 
INTERVIEW, POCTOR. AS A 
MATTER OF FACT, I'P BE 
INCLINEP TO THINK THAT 
YOU'RE A QUACK- 

THINK A QUAUF1EP PSYCHIATRIST 
WCULP ATTEMPT TO MAKE A DIAG- 
NOSIS WirHOlir INTfRVJEWINS THE 

SO-CALLED PATIENT/ 
WHY? IS IT SO 
DIFFICULT FOR. YOU 
TO BELIEVE THAT 
A WQVWJ CAM 
'BE ANYTHING BUT 
A HOUSEWIFE 
ANP A PRUPGE? 

IVE SEEN 
YOU ON 
TELEVISION 
MANY TIMES' 

FRED BASSET 

That's the trouble with XI 
Scetties-thty all loot; 
\ 

 the some .'...Is this Jctrk? 

I'LL ha« Q Look nt his collar... 

Not him.'... 

Wrong torton,' 

MOMMA, INSTEAD OF A 

BX you, we HAve A 
. FOK A CHAU6G ? 

3. MEAN WtTH 
6ROUND 

FA1K? 

WAKVLOM! 

IN PACT, I CAN 
-I'LL. BE THE 

MOTHER 

BONER'S ARK 

 rlOWCAMALlTUE 

 slew 
SUv/ ul<e ^ SEFWe 
COST Of- FOOP, THE 

AI.LY MAKES M£ 

LOOK AT THAT/ 

ZJ 

V/HATS WRONG KELLY. ,9 
IT'S JUST SOME GUY8 

I IN/ING A BALL IN 
BERMUDA 

NOT THE GUY3! 
THE SJON! 

LOOK AT 
THE SIGNf 

•-V.'fc-ZlV 

Attractive 
Market Site 
In Future 

Ily Bill Cunningham 
AbfllCULTURG EDITOR 

Great things may be 

 in store for small farmers and San An- tonio consumers when the plans of C. M. Ed- gar, city market and parking director, arc carried out. 

Kdfiar's department has the 

 plans drawn for an attractive market building for farm 

"produceskills [o 

 be erected from 

% San Saba and 

Commerce 
Streets and on over to Bncna 
E\'isla, occupy- ing a full block. 

The building 

— 
—would have 

Cunningham alioul 
7o,oo1) 

 square feel of space, anil the plans call for about 1o,ooo square feet for stalls and 5l),IHXt 
;quarc feel for parking. 

The parking area on (tie first 

 floor's 7o,ooo square feel would have some space for farmers Io sell produce from trucks and from exhibit stands in (he back or front u f l h G trucks. 

Edgar said (he building also 

 would fit into plans for a markel complex as a Intirist attraction. 

There also would be space for 

 parking about 17o cars on a second level. 

Popularity Sought 

"I want to make (lie market a 

 place to which people want to come," Edgar commented. 

He said the current plans call 

 for about 12 slalls, which cuuld be readied by pedestrian walks. 

Edgar pointed out that a 

 market is a San Antnnin heri- tage. 

Working into the ml lure 

 theme of the new market building will be a special events ruutn. 

This Edgar said c(jnld be the 

 sile of-small get-togethers and of a snack bar. 

Special Events 

Some special events cuuld be dil inside the market building 

 during slack limes, he 

'Xjilaiiu'd. 

The market would provide a 

 nccting ground between the iroducer and the consumer, Im said. Kacb cuiild learn In 1111- lerstand some of the problems of Ihc oilier in those meetings. 

Another advantage to such a 

Marketing concept would be hat it might make it iwssibh' 
:o keep more people cm the farms if they can market tlu-ir products at a p r o f i t , liu 

 explained. 

Target date for completion uf 

 the project is Ihc summer of 
1975, although Kdgar has some hopes uf ;i .spring 1!)75 tiimplu- lion dale. 

But he plans tu have il in full 

 iiperation by 1(171!. 

Quilt Made 

The Circuit Meadows •!-![ Club 

 nembers are doing their bit jn the energy crisis. 

 puring Ihe school vacation 

 his week five members mcl at he home of Mr. and Mrs. 
Thomas 
Pr.lniy at 
I7M 

Dawnririge to malic a quill. 

Cattle 
Clatter 

'i'hc finished qnilt will bo 

 sold, with the money going for club projects. That will cut the current off of one electric blanket when Ihc quilt is put in use. 
The 
MarkM 
Place H 

NOTICE. Want pasturage for 
1,ooo head light kind of 

 yearling heifers. Tom Hell. 
Texas Kecder Tens. Day phone 
6J7-SX1!. 
At night phone 

K.C. Livestock 

Hogs 1,ooo: barrows and gills very I.TK:- 
VBI. un;iorm OT-J* Ib SM.lj hWr; others same Wright rale IrMIng ?« }« Ib slcaov Io 5o lower, over 74o IB jlronc Io mostly 5o hrnhw; 1.7 2oo235 Ib 37M 
33.oo; JOO-2C Ibji.Sv-sVM? ?3 MO-1U Ib 
-JI.TO; m in ii.a-n.au n wm £ 
»•!»; «o m ib n W-H.M; m-m n> 
".*>•«.«); sows under 5oo rb slrody; 
Over SOO Ib 1 oo.1.25 lower; 1-3 3(o SCO Ib 
ZS.5o.M.OO; 23 5oo 6oo Ib 36 TO » 
Srieep rvone. 

Panhitiullc Livestock 

AMARILLO, Tex. (API — Carlot car- 

 cass S.ICCT jnd holler tsca verv s'ov/ as some slauollcr cslabllstimoiis observed 
Good Friday holiday, steer and heller beel sleasy to l.co r-JoVr, no sales co* 
MI reporled. Sim Beel OiaalSttm 
OS 65. SO « CO, j< 6oo-WO IbJ M. SOU oo: h-ori cood SOOJ3o Ibs 41.oo83oo Heller 

Academy, 
Institute 
Set Awards 

NEW YORK (Al>) - Four 

$3,ooo music awards ;ind three 
53,5oo ;nv;<r<is (o young com- posers were announced Friday by the American Academy of 
Arts and Letters and the Na- tional Institute of Arts and Let- ters. 

In addition, Ilic Charles E. 

Ives Society will receive $1o,ooo to compile "a definitive iind cholarly edition" of the com- plete works nf Ives at presenta- tion ceremony May 22. 

Winners of the music awards 

 nro Kicliiird l-'elriano, a prii- fessor of music at Ihu Univer- sity of California, Rorkcley; iiaoul Pleskow, music dejiuit- mcnt chairman nt C.W. Post 
College on Long Isl.nnd; Philli[> 
Rhodes, associate professor of music at Cnrlclon College iti 
Minnesota, and Oily Wilson, an 
•in associate professor at 

Berkeley. 

The composers who will rc- 

 ccivu Charles K. Ives scholar- ships arc Piiul Aton J.cvi, com- ileting a duclornlp in musical iris iit the Juilliard School licrc; Allan Slienrcr, Untvcisily of California, Berkeley, and Ira 
Taxiu, teaching assistant nt 
Iiilllinrd. 

Joins Paper 

MIDLAND 
(AP)-Jim 

Allison Jr., former Midland newspaper executive and n !<»•• 
HIM- deputy rh.-iimian of ((» 
Republican 
National Com- 

 mittee, will rejoin the executive staff of the Midland Ronortcr- 
Tclegram July 1, it was an- nounced Friday. 

Astrology 

FOR SUNDAY Your birthday today This 

 year your birth is associated with the miracle of Easier-something of this quality wlu „„ with you through the complexities and cross- currents of coming general and personal change, 

 llclallnnsliip.s must lie. 

 retlrCi nod 
|,y experiences 

 ireil. Tcidiiy's imtivcs arc 
-li of his own kind, tin two 

 anywhere near ullke; but all shnrc a capacity fm- splrlliuil cleclicalicn, Ihc willliiancss to servo Iwyoml malcrlnl gotils. 
*'*', (Mo'cn II-Aprll II): mi uni,i 

 u , 
• '* o!rno11 over will you ob- lorn 111 lull mcanho, Co votjr wnv In 

"ood aetnlle st/rorjies. "" 
' rnolllv 

Taur«i (April HMo» H|: 
Htlurn 

 coorleiv cilcnilfd. MoVIno ilu roundi fllrei you 1hc Inlcil news orvJ a chtjncp o cbicrvc lor vouricll ino chonoci loVInu platr In your rt«luhhorlwo<r. 

Otmlnl Mai It 1ml »): liusy o1 

Ihc 4k]/ li. M't niulnly n urelnco Io Ihc licnellli anil norriY fculurci ol yrjyr comlra »ceV ^eJllnllun ooen% ninny prlvolc (J»|i. 

Canwr (Juki !l-July 1}|: INI Onifr 

 li o wrnlnc po'n! In yciif tltp. AIM) vcu'ra on vour V.DV upl 1)1.1 tondMlon\ now mov« oil rlervj center. Prov lor fliXrluiHc. 

Lit Uil( JI-Aut. 1)1: 
Lelllno nell 

 enough alone li dllllcull in Ihe c*. c'ltnicnl cl Ihc Itollcioy. YQU do II Uy rtllcillon an rrhal yoyr r«nl infcreils 
Involvi, 

Scorpio (Otl. ?]-.4~ov at). Tt-t, i 

 cvenli ICOVM you In n lov'oten ™ waerj well lor ll,t llvel,"t,ift 

P 
o n 
B , 

Hllutncei knvc. r.cbod/m 33UM m , yo« cl«,,,,(1cr nnj t>relc,enVeT n» rtio remain IrUMi know yo", »« 

Coprlcorn (Dec. IJ.Jnn ill- r-i oii.cn nhniy a i.nw in "Jiic n*u „* icioonic Io ilro-o Mimutt WoiVh, n vo.i >n/; remenilier, yo" Io, m] clunot your ,n-r,,M«k new oU,?,."" 

Aquarlui Unn. II r«h m. ,, 

^^<,^ n, K ,„,,„, Swrcin, „,,}•, '.'"V cixiCfrni or IJUIIMI,. f,™. S"1'"' 

PIKDi-iFib. II-Marth II): «(,,, kin tom.i In rmiiw luljllo tarinii lloio willing Io itccM-n. Lei lie li? oliwil vou, lorol« ywrieif UM «• ,?, lor humun (ro'.li on) pccullurli'ei' 

Your Health 
Highly Specialized Vagus 
Has Variety of Functions 

 l!y (j'corgc C. Thoslcson, M.I).. 

^l^^r^.^^^andmydoclor 

BROTHER JUNIPER 

 caused by the va«ils"ncrve" 

What is lilts and'how does I! 

Citn.se palpftalions'.' Since i switched from coffee (and i 

 lea my licarl seems to behave beltor.-IU,.K. 

... Dear Doctor: Please write something about Ihe vagus nerve ami how il sometimes 
.'causes palpitations.—B.D. 
I. The vagus, is a highly 
'specialized nerve originating in 
.;lhe mid-brain ana extending 
•down to the lungs, heart and 
•-intestinal tract. 
: II bus a variety- of functions among them control of heart beat, flow of intestinal score- 
.lions, and muscle tone of stomach and intestine. In other words, il deals with organs over which we have lilllc or no voluntary control. (Severing a branch of the vagus nerve sometimes is done to reduce the moliliiy (motion or ac- livily) of stomach and 

 duodenum for patients with 

..ulcers that are aggravated by 
.looconstant activity.) 

". Al a"y rule, stimulation of 
Ihc vagus nerve slows the heart rale (but can du the opposite for some other organs). And 
.Slowing the heart rale may under some circumstances result in heart palpitation. 
,\ Next 
-step: wlial can 

 stimulate the vagus nerve? A variety of things, including even deep breathing. And vomiting. In a healthy person drugs and factors such as 

 lobacco, coffee, lea, alcohol and various oilier medications can do so. Likewise ccrlain drugs can block Ibc control of the vagus nerve over the heart, permitting a rapid heaii beat! 
It's a rather complicated silua- 
'lion, isn't it? 

Since caffeine (in coffee, lea 

 or cola drinks) can affccl the vagus, it is a fairly common clement in casual attacks of palpitations. Some folks are more sensitive tu this than others, so it's entirely possible for as little as a single cup of cuffee ID have such an effect im some individuals. For others, even a-lot of coffee won't do it. 

It's one more instance of no two people being alike. 

Dear Dr. Thasleson; Could 

 there bo varicose veins In Ihe arms, too? I know alx>ut legs. I have pain in my left arm lhal goes up to the armpit and chest. Is it less dangerous?— 

Veins in f|)e arm (and hand) 

 can become fairly large and dilated but arc not "varicose" in the sense of varicose veins in the legs in which the blood becomes relatively stagnant and the valves in the veins are damaged. Thus I suspect the pain in your arm is due lu something else. 

Dear Ur. Thoslcson: Is Ibcre 

 any danger in handling pic- lures or books that have been in a home where someone had meningitis and carried Ihese around with her?—Miss W. 

No danger, since the germs 

 do not survive in u drv condi- tion. 1 presume the patient is well now and hence not a source of more germs. 

Dear Ur. Thosieson: Would 

 you write about the difference, 
'if there is any, or similarity between hives and 

 shingles.—C.G. 

A grtal deal of dif/erencc. 

Hives is a rush or well lhal comes and goes, and is usually 
Ihe result of an allergy or 
"contact dermatitis," meaning coming in contact with 

 some!hiny which causes an allergic reaction. This can be anything. Nickel, rubber (or materials iti (he rubber), painl, any number of common things can cause il. Hives also can result from (ood allergies. 

.Shingles, on tin: other hand, 

 is inflammation 'of a nerve track caused by a virus infuc tiun. It dnosn'l come and go a1 

 do hives. The pain, and breaking out in the area, comes and slays until the infection leaves—which can be quite a lime. 

Hives may itdi |nl( dull.t 

 hurt. Shingles is painful. 

Shingles con Lc o ualnlul dKtosc! To 

 receive a coo* ol Dr. Tlto^tesan's boouci. "Ihe Fads A'jcul Shingles" wrlle 1o Mini In ewe or Ihli newsixjucr, encloslna a lono, ^c'.l-addresicd (use i\a code), slamoed envelope nnd 15 cents !<i rain lo cover 
COS1 o1 uifnllng' and 

 handling. 

The Aces 

By lltA C. CORN JR. 

CAPTAIfl OF THII ACES 

At national tournaments the American Con- 

 tract Bridge League publishes a daily bulletin which keeps players informed of all aspects of the tournament. 

 whether in run up with the ace or to give declarer a chance lo misguess clubs, allowing Kasl lo win Ihe club <iucen. 

/lad Kasl ntj( |,ccn L|crl| 

West would have bad ID guess if declarer had started with three spades and two club.s or with fuur spades and DUO club (;t( match imints each trick is im- portant). 

Mrs. Truscolt eliminated all 

 the guesswork when declarer ruffed the fourth diamond - she discarded the club queen. 

Since Kast knew (he spade 

 distribution after Iho opening lead, her revealing discard made it easy for Wc.-U to win 
Ihe chili ace and lead another spado In hold declarer In lu tricks and a ;,roorl jnalcbpftmt score. 
S.A. Officer 
Meet Panelist 
EXPRESS NCWS CAPITOL UUREAU 
AUSTIN-Capt. Robert Allen 

 of Ihe San Anlimio Police 
Dcparlincnl will be among speakers here next Wednesday al a seminar on |Hi!icc discre- tion. 

Co-sponsors of the gathering, 

 to be at Gondolier Ilatuada Inn, are Texas C r i m i n a l Justice 
Council and Inloriiulinmi] As- sociation of Chiefs of Police. 

Allen will lake par! In a :{p,m. 

 panel on d r a f t i n g and 

 implementing administrative rules. 

The seminar runs 

Thursdayaflern nnn. 
Anti-Poverty 
Grants Listed liXF'HUSMJCWS CAPITOL OUHLAU 
AUSTIN—Two nnll-poverly 

 gnmls lolaltng $)i>ri,:)iM were awarded .Swulh 'JV.vuris I-Vlday bytinv. Doliihllriscflu. 

Cnmmunlly Ad inn Corp. «f 

.Sinilh Texas In Alice not $iril),.|o3 for a fiill'diiy Head Slnrl I'lhaM. flon program running unltl next 
.luiiitiiry, 

The city of Vlulnrlu wns given 

15,91)1 for general cominnnlly 

Todiiy's hand was published 

 in Hie bulletin (edited by Sue 
Kmcr.v) and7 \v;is entitled 
"Milking il Easy fur Partner. 

Tvvi) of Aiiiericii's leading 

 women 
])laycr.s, 
Dorothy 

Haydcn Truscotl of New York 
(liasl) and Kinnia Jcau llawes of Kiirl \Vorlb, were featured in a conpcfiilivc defensive rlforl. 

Vulnerable: North-South 
Dealer: South 

MOUTH 

* 7 
T A (J G 
+ A K J 5 'I 
+ K J 32 

WEST 
EAST 

* 
<} 6 S 2 
* K .) 9 8 

T .' 8 
T K 5 

T 1o 8 7 ,1 
+Q 4 

+ A 1oo 
+ Q 9 8 7 4 

SOUTH 

* A 1o -I 3 t 1o 'J 7 4 3 2 f 5 6 
*5 

The bidding: 

South Wrsl 
N'oilh 
Enl 

' f':iss 
I'ass 
1* 
Pass 

1» 
I'ass 
2+ 
I'OM 

2» l'a.« 
•)» 
All 
Pass 

OprnljiK le;id: Two rjf.spadex. 
N'lirtli hull a Micky robjd 

 probleiii ;ini] chn.se ;in undcrhid 
"f l\\u clubs, After South's two heart rebid, Nurlh look no furlher chances ami Jumped lo' i;nme. 

Wrsl led (be .spade deuce and 

 declarer won Kast's kliiK with 
Ihe ace. The InsiiiK Irninp. finesse \vus I (ikon and a spado rcliirn was rulfcd In dinniDy. . 

Tlic Iruiiifi ace drew (he 

 remaining (ninips and when 
Ihe nee nlid the 
!:[HK of 

 dlunionds ilropped least's 

 i;iieen, ilcvlnrur wus able lo discard a spiulc un dmnmy'.s' iltaiiiniHl Jnel:. 
| 

Anolher diamond w;is Inll 

 frnin dinnniy nnd It wa» I line! fur Musi lo Itu (ili-rl. Mud Knslj made n rnutlno illscin-il,' 

 dccliii er would luive ruffed ;nul 
Ii'd ii tnw club In idinimy. 

DENNIS THE MENACE 

"Margorcl soys Christopher 
Columbus DIDN'I discover 

Ametico." 

"Oh, boy! Tenth ME how to soy that end I'll tell her!" 

T 

BEATS ME! MAYBE 
\ 

•HEY'KELOOKIW&POROIL! I 

/ 
I WONDER WHY THEY 

STAND AROUND WITH THEIR r 
HEADS IN THE SAND? 

HON...DID YOU 

GEE THIS PICTURE OF 

THE OSTRICHES? 

STEVE ROPER 

, 
SHE HASN'T ^\ 

HAVE YOU SEEN A STOPPED IN AT 
I 

TRUDY HALE THI5 
I MY OFFICE TODAY > 

FROM A CABIN OH THE ISLAND, A I/if- 
HOARSEUED VOICE CALLS CEASZLESSLY- 

MORNIWG, STEVE? 
•••I HAVE AW • 
ASSIGNMENT J. 

FOR HER 

MAYBE SHE OVERSLEPT? 

OR WENT TO VISIT HER PARENT:* 

OM HER PAY OFF AMD 

DIDN'T GET BACK ? 
_ f 

DOONESBURY 

 irmtcfKHsw mess OH PAULA. 
/•WKOHH-SKKC.R, We 61KMAN fXfXfSStOft&r 
I REti£fl8K tt(H/I 

 yOUV£5oTTOB£ 
ABOUT 'A 

(IMA r DIP w sfff wcou&e 

IN YOUR KKSONAi. 
I PAYS.. 

APPLICATIONS? £.. ^ 

MARY WORTH 

NtVER NITIP 

 iCHE WYWMHWJ IlLrlll 
IHE IffiME//", MAN'S JOG 14 
1o I-'.AXE. Tlit MfflitV ItlAT 

RICK O'SHAY 

AFTER VEARe» O' 
THESE MOUMTAtNe, OU' &ANTV 

A\AC3E THE -ijTRIKe OP A 

LIFETIMB..AN UNO6R&ROUNC' 
GLORY HOLE' 

&UT 1N&TEAC1 Oi= 
IWPROV1N' Hl-b UU= 
L'KE HE PIG&I5REP 

IT 

LI N BELIEVABLE* 

TUMBLEWEEDS 

COME/SNOOKIE/PPAK. WE'P PEST 

RETOIN PAT POLLTO PA CHILP 
W F^IST/T' pgRVENT ANY MIS- 
UNPER5TANPIN, I MOSTPASH OFFT' 
EXPJ.AIN VER INNYCENT POO- 
T'PA CROPER AUfOKITlESj'XCUSEME 

 am. 
LUCKY ME 

T'HAVE A P!& SUPPER T 

LOOK AFTER ME 

FROM IVHOMSI YOOSH SNAUltEP IT 

I FOUND AN EASTER YEGG 
I FOUND AN ) 
EASTER EGG 

PLAYGROUND 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N^WS— Saturday, April 13, 1974 
Pfla« 

ACROSS 

I Qamblo ' 
6 Slupoly 

 v(ilfi liquor 

11 Crlnio 

 syndlcalo: 
Informal 

14 Soparalo 
15 Shov/ 

 loolino: 
Colloq. 

16 Arab 

 garment 

17 Finn 

 quality criinawaro 

18 Native of 

Alberta 

2o Buck 
22 Stroke in 

 billiards 

23 Canino 
25 Instrument 
2o Troublesome 

 plant 

29 Gypsy 

 husband 

3o Hi-li 

 component 

32 Amphitheater 

 space 

34 Sensitive 

 area:2 words 

39 Exlrcmist 
42 Sovereign 
•13 Will maker 
45 Tv/o times 
46 Returns 
49 Lov; 

 person 

5o Nick 

Ciiarlos' dog 

54 Slarjo 

 liup 

65 HlllKir 
56 Choalod: 

Slang 

5o Paint 
GO Subordlnata 
63 "Good 

Nlghl" glil 

66 Nolriorlands 

 communo 

67 Got up 
68 Portions 

 ol medicine 

69 Nor so 

 god 

7o Eating 

 placo 

71 Sol in 

FlTlF 

 uuuuu uua UUH 

IUM (JUU 
UfclU UUUUU UU 
BoHo QHQBQ atiuu cmnim uuuuu uuu 

UUU HU14U UUIU 
Qua. HOD auauu 

DOWN 

1 Lived 
2 High 

 mountain 

3 Favorable 

 portents: 
2 words 

4 Invest 

 vjilh trails 

5 Virginia 

6 "Take 

 hood! 

7 Comes 

 lorlh 

8 Help! 
9 Mai —: 

Baseba groal 

1o Pour 
11 Reclory 
12 Portly 
13 Revealed 
19 Uncooked 
21 Not lall 
23 Dexterity 
24 Three 

Greek goddesses 

26 Jot 
27 Roman 

 ernparor 
3o GenrjHs 

Khan follower 

31 Is a tenant 
33 -•- Goto 
35 Observed 
36 Invaluable 
37 Tafco place 
38 In that 

 place 

4o Chariot 

 route 

41 Sheltered 

 area 

44 Transpose 
47 Smuggler 
4fl Asian shrub 
5o Balance 

 shoe! Item 

51 Contemplate 
52 Anatomical 

 swelling 

53 Miscellaneous 

 collection 

55 Wading bird 
57 Willing 
59 197o 

 fashion flop: 
Informal 

61 Numerical 

 ore fix 
_ 

62 Eternity 
64 Born 
65 "C1 —Si 

Bon" 

1o 

Noticias 

Intcrnacionalcs 

Imprcslouantc 

Funeral dc Israciics 

Q1KYAT 
SHMONAH 
- 

Dieciocho israelfes, vlctimas de ataques terroristas de los arabes, fueron inhumados en una impresionante ceremonia funebre, entre gritos de 

 revandia. 

Prcparaba 

ElPapalaCamlnata 

ROMA — El fragil Papa 

Paulo VI se preparaba a duplicar la caminata al 

Calvario, llevando una cruz de madera livlana, pasando a troves del foro romano. 

Hepresallas de 
Vietnam del Sur 

SAIGON — Bombarderos de 

Vietnam del Sur efeclnai'on ataques de represalia contra 
Vietnam del 
Norte, 

 sobrepasando una base situada a SO millas de Saigdn. 
Noticias JN'ucionalcs 

Mala Admlnlslracion 

DeEnergia 

WASHINGTON — Un grupo 

 investigador presidential dice quc la reglamenlaeiiin de la energia federal csta mal coorrjinada. 

No Podra 

Hecupcrar Documcntos 

WASHINGTON - La Ad- 

 miiUstraeidn dc 
Servicios 

Generales dice quo el 

Presidents Nixon no podr/a reclamar sus documentos de vicepresidente, atin cuando quisiera. 

IVolicia Local 

Picnic del Conclllo 

ZDcLulac 

El Concilio Num. 2 de LULAC 

 celebrari su Picnic Anual de 
Pascua el domingo comenzando a las 1o a.m., en el Parque de las 
Misiones del Condado. Habr3 juegos y premios y una comida mexicana y dos refrescos por solamenta $2.5o. Bailey gratis de las 3 p.m., a medianoche con tres conjuntos musicales. 
Notuuas dc Mexico 

AufflcntanMucrles 

EnCarreteras 

MEXICO, D.F. - La Semana 

Santa comienza a dar un alto saldo de muertes en las 

 carreteras, ahora que clentos dc miles de turistas and an de vacaclones. Nueve personas perecieron y IB mas resultaron lesionadas cuando un autobus cayo a un barranco cerca de 
Guadalajara, la Cruz Roja envirj auxilios a las victimas. 

QueNoReclbea 

AyudaNICrcditos 

MEXICO, D.F. - El director 

 del Institute Naclonal de In- vestigaciones 
Agricolas, 

Francisco Cardenas Ramos, afirmti que la produccl6n de- granos en el pnis se puede aumcntar hasla en un 5fl por ciento pero que falta para cso credilo, tenica y asistencia. 

JAMAICA 15-FT. OVAl POOl PACKAGE 

ThH b«oul^ mol(Ci o wc'eome txfd lion to ony bcxk fad. Boaulilul oii.cnwcavc wall dciign 
Ookl Scol vinyl lintr wilh 1o-yi. waironly, pKjs CSAnnimvecl coilrklQo filler, golvoniicd llccl luildor »ilh rcJnaod plolform, lloalinj iklrrjTier and foolbolh. 

JM1 SOP 
COMPLtK 

POOL PACK AOt 
$I7999 

WE CARRY A COMPLETE UNE OF fAMUY-SIZE 
POOIS, ACCESSORIES AND POOl (HtMICAtS. 

KPIE CITY FAMILY Poo1 CENTERS 

LOOP4IOo,HcCUliOUGH 

M2-542I 

Pogt 
H _ Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy, April 1J, 1974| 

Your Best Tummy Forward 

•.'Although Pamela Seale of Wichita Falls is only four 
'. years old, that dictn't stop her in giving some last minute 
^pointers on posture to a friend in the Texas State Baton 
•'Twirling Contest held Friday in El Paso. Pamela thought 
.if you've got a good technique in twirling you might as 
•Iwell share it with some friends. Remember, in twirling 
'.you can't be just another pretty face and win. You've got to have "grace."—AP Wirephoto. 

Leak 

"'- . • 1 - ASSOCIATED PREiS 

WASHINGTON - 

The Federal Energy 
Office said . Friday that Saudi Arabia did not "leak" oil through the recent . Arab oil embargo. 

- 
The FKO said (his was cun- 

• irary lo Hie impression . given 
.by. a Commerce Department report earlier this week. 
. John Wiihelm, director of the 

. FEO Office of Producer Coun- try -"Affairs and Emergency 

..Supply, said in nnintci view that the apparent discrepancy was caused by delays in I IIP re- porting of oil arrivals lo tl«? 
Commerce Department. 

Wilhelm said a direct check 

 by his office of the impoil documents showed that ship- ments of Saudi Arabian nil which 'appeared on Commerce 
Department import lists for 
January and Keunwry had ac- 
.tUHJIy . arrived in the United 
States in Noveml>cr and had 

Report 
Refuted 

 been loaded on tankers in ihe 
Persian Gulf before Oct. 16. 

Wilhelm said there have been 

 reports of oil "leaks" during the embargo from Libya and Iraij. but (hey were "not major": he said import documents have not yet been checked to determine whether any leaked oil reached the Uniied Stales directly. 

"Saudi Arabia did not leak to 

 the United Stales," he stated. 

Suit for $11 Billion 

Filed 

ASSOCIMEO PRESS 

ROISE, Idaho - A suit asking $11 billion in 

 damages was filed Friday on behalf of the families of 56 miners kilted in the Sunshine 
Mine disaster two years ago. 

Agues House, the widow of 

 one of the miners, filed the suil for herself and 22oothers in U.S. 
District Court for Idaho. Cowl officials said it was the largest suit ever filed in the district. 

The suit charges 21 com- 

 panies and the federal govern- ment with complicity in the 

In Mine Blast 

 deaths of the miners In the fire at Kellogg. The underground fire on May 2. 1D72, killed 91 miners. 

The suit claims the defend- 

 a n t s provided false or 

 inaccurate information alxiiil the hazards of products used in the mine and were wilfully negligent by providing or 

 i n s t a l l i n g i n a d e q u a t e 

 equipment and materials for use >» the mine. 

Each of the survivors of the 56 

 miners claims SI million in general damages from each of the defendants and $1o million punitive damages from all but three of the defendants. In ad- dition to that SI 1.87 billion, they seek medical, funeral and legal expenses. 

The suit filed Friday is the 

 third version of a suit first brought in federal court in Cali- fornia in 1972 and transferred to 
Idaho four months later. 'Hie original complaint listed 12 plaintiffs and three defendants. 

The current suil is simitar to 

 one for S352 million filed hisl week against several of the same defendants by survivors of four other miners. 
Educators 
Endorse 

Shite 
Sen. 
\elsun 
Wolff 

 ami John Slucey. candidate for slate representative. District 
5711. Friday announced their niddrsemenl by the.Texas 
!•'.<! u ciilurs I'nliiitul Action 
Council. 

The aniioniicmenls 

 made separately. 

 were 

San Antonio's Leading Seafood Market 
Wholesale — Retail--Open 6 Days a Week 

CATFISH 
HALIBUT STEAKS 
SMELTS 
REDFISH 
TROUT 
LOX 
TURKEYS 
1224 N. Flores 

SHELL 
OYSTERS 
IS 
Dai. 

LIVE 
CRABS S39o 

 do,. 

SHRIMP 

SCAUOPS 
LOBSTERS 
SAIT COD 
•.RABMEAT 
FROG LEGS 

OYSTERS 

225-3111 

The Big Grass Machine with the motor designed to cut 

 grass. By the makers of 

Johnson and Evinrude 

Outboards 

$189.95 

21" Model 8232 

Self-Propelled 
Solid State Ignition • Adjustable Cutting Height 
Adjustable Fold-Down Handle - Grass Catcher 

19" Solid State 

$129.95 

SAN 

'. AAA RENTAls & SALES 

• 
M14MOSSROCK [1R. 

 i A.I-A MOWER SERVICE 

28o5 MISSION RO. 

BIANCO FIXIT SHOP 

4546 BIANCO »D 

SAM MOWN S 
REPAIR SHOP 

19o1 OJINIAHA »D. 

DAVIS FEfD t HARDWARE 

363 N.WW WHITE «o. 

: 
DIUAXD'S 

CENIIAL PARK MAIl 

; il/SWMIlirARr D*. 

HANBY DAN. INC. 

. 
55o3 NW LOOP 41o 

JOOI oo11*o 1o. 

21" Deluxe 

$134.95 

ANTONIO 

H.C.S. SMITH 

TI»E CO. 

15oo W. COMMIBCE 

KAHOTXINS 

FURNITURE CO. 
Ml E. COMMERCE 

M.CREIESS SHOPPING CITlf 

MOOEl REPAIR SERVICE 

H I 4 W E S T A V E . 

P & C SERVICE CENTER 

5614 SW lOOr 41o 
OSBORNS SMALL 

ENGINE REPAIR 
1oo6 WEST AVF. 

RIPS LAWNMOWER 

SERVICE 

141o PIEDMONT 

• 
JOSKtS Of TEXAS 
NORTH SfAKMAH 

IAS PALMAS 

JJOWmOWN 

21" Push Solid State 

$149.95 

DEL RIO 

RUSSELLS HARDWARE 

5o6 E. GIBBS 
KERRVILLE 

FERRIS RENTAL SERVICE 

416 MAIN ST. 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
KRAFT HOME I. AUTO 
9oo W. SAN ANTONIO 

PLEASANTON 

WILLIAMS HARDWARE 

POTH 

KUNKEL PARTS 

4 SERVICE 

UVALDE 

UVMDE LUMBER CO. 

236 N. OETTY 

SWIfTS LAWNMOWER 

SEXVICC 

314 E. PECOS 

SEQUIN 

MINCHNA-SAIMON INC. 

1235 N. AUSTIN i 

The S.OOO-page suit mimes 

Mine Safety Appliances Co.; 
Weslinglioiise Electric Corp.: 
Joy Manufacturing Co.; Oliu 
Corp.; Owens-Corning Fiberg- lass; 
American Society for 

Testing and Mntcriiils; The 
Society of (ho Plastics Inciiwiry. 
Inc.; Union Carbide Chemical 
'o.: Underwriters 
I/itxira- 

 torie.s; 
Wviintiotle Cliemical 

Corp.; Mobay Chcmic.il Co.; 
Pacific Vegetable Oil Corp: P.M. 
Dul'ont de Nemours anil Co.; 
Allied Chemical Corp.; PPG 
Industries, Inc.; Dow Chemical 
Co.; Dow Corning Corp.; Unjon 
Polymer 
Division. 
Atlas 

Chemical 
Industries, Inc.; 

Ciirwin 
Co.; and 
Kaiser 

Aluminum and Chemical Sales, 
Inc. 

15,ooo EDUCATORS CAN'T BE WRONG! 

ABRAHAM D. "ABE" RIBAK won the enddrsoment of the 
EDUCATOR'S POLITICAL ACTION COUNCIL representing some 15,ooo teachers and administrators of the 17 
School Districts of Bexar County Including the San Antonio 
& North East School Districts in his race for State 
Representative District 57G. 

Express/News Wont Ads 225-16665= 

"SHOW-OFFS"...by the carload! 

Exquisite Curio Cdbutieffs 

Just arrived...magnificently styled and finely 

 crafted curio cabinets to elegantly display 

 your treasures! Come in and see this fabulous 

 collection. A solid carload to choose from! 
SAVE S3o. fo s7o! 

HANDSOME SPANISH STYLE 
CURIO ETAGERE 
7o" Toll • 4 inset glass shelves, massive carved to-the-floor base and over hang- ing top interior light beautiful gold vein back panel. Your choice of antique gold or dark pecan. 

Reg. $129 

•S^&yfftfi&3fi&3tiftfiiftfif£fftS(fS8$A 

* RICH MEDITERRANEAN STYLE 
I 

 fCURIO CABINET 1 
I 72" Tall • Full six sides. This! i| lovely cabinet can be used as a ;| 
Ji: free standing piece to enhance:* 
| your decor! Ample storage in| 
S base. Choice of dark pecan or « 

;•;• antique gold finish. 
5: 

I 
*flyo i 
•| Reg. $239 
H * JV • | 

| EXQUISITE CONTOUR-FRONT 
ICURIO CABINET 
;| Curved glass front and shelves, elegant 
| side doors for easy access. Glass shelves, 
: lighted interior. Choose from pecan or 
': antique gold finishes. 

\rnff 

I Reg. $319 
249. 

ELEGANT GLASS PANELED 

BREAK FRONT 

CURIO CABINET 
Gold veined back with tiered base and overhanging lop. 4 shelves, light- ed interior. Beautiful antique gold or pecan finish. 

ALL EXACTLY AS ILLUSTRATED! 

IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
EASY TERMS 
5199. 

RICH MEDITERRANEAN STYLE 
CURIO CABINET 
72" Tall • 3 sides for use against wallsl Crofted of fine hardwoods with g.lass display shelves, mirrored back, interior lights in pecan or an- tique gold finish. 

Reg. $259. ... 
S::vft#:¥:*#:*£.:>::Wxv:.:^ 

OPEN DAILY 1o-6 

THURS. 

Reg. 
$159 
• I 

*ffiW#::#:*::::::^ 

"for the total touch of elegance" 

145o N.E. LOOP 41o 

PHONEi 824-o575 

» 
1III.SUVIIIVW 
I EXPRESS NEWS 

April 13, 1974 

1 
Visit... 

!#*:*:::*:*:*:*:::*::^^^ 

Round Top: 
Glory Days 
Are Restored 

By litorgc Carmack 

Round Top has known its days of glory. 

 r 

Carmack 

Its Day Could Return 

In these days of power shortages, this old-time kerosene lamp could stage a comeback. Here Mrs. 
Steve Cochrdn of Houston examines a lamp on display at the Antiques Fdir at Round Top. 
' , . ' . ! ' , ' 

Four monitors of the Town- 

 send family of Round Top were in tbe Battle of San Jacinto or the campaign leading up lo il. 

No other 

 single family 

 furnished as 

 many men for the fight for 

.Texas indepen dencc. 

A man from 

Hound, 
Top- 

—.Joel Robin- son—was one of the small band of soldiers that actually cap- 
"tured Sanla Anna after the bat- tle at San Jacinlo. 

Because Robinson spoke 

Spanish, he put Sanlti Anna up on Ins horse behind him and carried him lo the Texas headquarters. 

Simla Anna gave Robinson a 

 highly decorated vest. For years afterward young men of 
Round Top borrowed the beau- tiful vest to wear when they got married. 

Plaque 

Others ' from 
Hound 

Top—they arc listed on a memorial plaque in the;square at Round Top—fought in the campaign fur independence. 
And John Rice Jones of Round 
Top was the first Postmaster 
General of thu Kcjmbliu of 
Texas. 

Near Round Top is the 

 crossroads community of Ru leisville. It was Ihc site of the first Protestant and Ihe first 
Methodist csllogc in Texas. 

The college opened in 184U. 

Despite such problems as In- dian raids and students 

 marching off to wars, (he college had granted Ihree MA, two BS, 
3D HA and one 

 unspecified degree by 1859, ac- cording to the Texas HamllHink. 

Executions 

Three members of the Hill 

 family of Rutei.sville or Round 
Top—both claim them—were, on the Mier expedition. The 
Mier expedition lias a special place in Texas hislory when 17 men were cxeculed when they drew the black bean. 

One of the soldiers oh the 

Mier expedition was John C. C. 
'Hill. He was M. 

John C. C. Hill was captured. 

But in time he was adopted by 
Sanla Anna. I am unable to find out what happened—though r am sure historians know—but presumably he remained in. 
Mexico. 
' 

Bonnie and I went to Round 

Top last Saturday and Sunday, for one of our finest Texas' weekends. 

Restoration 
; 

Round Top is about 15 miles: 

 northeast (if La Grange on' 
Highway 237. 

Tbe thing that makes it so: 

 special is that restoration of early Texas buildings is going on here on a scale unmatched elsewhere in the slate. Of course this is not on the scale of 
Williamsburg. But considering the major restoration projects and individual homes also be- ing restored in (he area, possi- 

Where Stage 

Stopped 

 ble no other place in the country is the scene of as much restoration. 

Round Top was originally 

 settled by people wilh English background oul of (he South. 
But German families started coming in about 184o. By shortly afler the Civil War, this became primarily a German area. 

German Era 

Much of Ihe restoration is to 

 the early German era. Un- believably fine collections of 
German furniture and other arlicles are in Ihe restored homes. Much of the furnishings came from German areas of 

The stagecoach that once stopped at Winedale inn—then it was "Sam Lewis' 
Stopping Place"—has "stopped" there permanently now. How the children swarm over it. That's Dylan McQuistion Caldwell, 5, visiling Texas from 
Minnesota, standing high on the stage. The fine old inn is now a museum. Seven major buildings have been restored at Winedale by Miss Ima Hogg.—Photos by 
Bonnie Carmack. 

Texas. Rut German areas over 
Ihc nation—such as Pennsyl- vania and Wisconsin—have been the source of much. 

Not only are Round Tnp 

 homes being restored'but sig- nificant homes over the area are being moved to Round Top. 

There are three major res- 

 toration areas at Round Top 
Bonnie and I spent hours visil- ing last Salurday and Sunday. 
All are open lo Ihc public for a small fee. Most are open daily and all are open Thursday through Sunday. Hours vary. 
And mere are so many things to see in Round Top in addition to those three. 

Honslon people are responsi- 

 ble for Ihe Ihrce big projects. 

Miss Ima Ilrjgf; has restored 

Winedale, which she gave lo the University of Texas in 1967. 

Central building at Winedale 

 is the Winedale Stage Coach 
Inn—now a museum. 

William Townsend, who gut 

 the land under a Mexican land grant, huilt Ihc first part of the inn as bis home in 1834. 

Samuel K. Lewis houghtit in 

1848 and enlarged it to its present, two-story size: 

The inn was on the slagc 

 route from the end cf the railroad at Hempstead—which is near Houston—lo Austin. The trip took 36 hours. 

Winedale Inn became known 

 as "Sam Lewis' Stopping 
Place." 

Barrel Organ 

What could be more ap- 

 pealing as you walk about (he igrounds than hearing the music coining from Ihe more 
'than 1oo years old German barrel organ at thu Visitor 
Center? The Visitors Center i. a restored 185o building movei from south of Round Top. 

Equally appealing is the 

 sight of small boys silting higl on the outside driver's scat o the old stagecoach and plainl. imagining themselves driving through "hostile Indian coun try." 

But the highlight of mir Irip 

 vas our visit to Hackberry Hill' lunday morning. 

Hackberry Hill is on an 1831 and grant and ils central building is a German "fach- verk" house built about 185o. 

Hackberry Hill offers one at he finest views in Texas. It onks out over the grassy, rolling countryside all tbe way 
o Giddings, 2o miles to the northwest. 

Architect 

Hackberry Hill has been res- 

:ored by Mr. and Mrs. Marvin 
'.'.. Moore. Moore is one ot 
Texas' bcsl-known architects and was a friend of mine when 
1 was a Houston newspaper- man. 

Bonnie and I could not have 

 had a belter guide for Mooro showed us (lie five restored buildings and gave us a finer appreciation of the crafts- ' manship of both the earl? 
English and German builders. . 

Probably the oldest building 

 at Hackberry Hill is a one-room log house built before 1838 by 
Col. John II. Moore, noted In- dian fighter. 

"This is a log HOUSE," 

Moore said. "You would liavo insulted (he people living in it 
(o call it a log CABIN. 

"The logs have been squared 

 off lo make four flat sides. That 

See HACKBERI1Y, Page !OC 

TOPS '1ST SHORTS 

SPORT A "LET'S KEEP COOL" 

LOOK FOR SUMMER 

EACH 

REGULARLY 6 

Tank tops are tops, in this every $6 top sale. Washable pointelle polyester-rayons, more, Multi-color/white. 

Juniors' S-M-L. 
Denim short-shorts, eager to bike-hike in washable cot- ton. You'll want several at this price. Navy, blue, brown, wine. Jrs. 5-13. 

INCREASE YOUR BUYING POWER, ADD TO YOUR WARDROBE WITH.CHARG-AU 

. WONDERLAND SHOPPING, CITY 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o ... Ph. 736-4111 

McCRELESS SHOPPING CITY 

So New Braunfels at Southcross .. Ph. 532-8881 

Use your Joy'i Optionol Charge Account 

BankAmericard or MosierChoroo 

Jefferson Village 

Only 

SATURDAY ONLY! 

,65% 
Save up to' end MORE 

SPECTACULAR EARLY BIRD 

SPORTSWEAR SPECIALS 
( 

5oo 

- 

1 ff*oo reg. to 48.oo 
Saturday only I %? 

Pants, blouses, jackets, vests, skirts, sweaters, long skirls included in this fobulous assortment. They won't last long - io DO shop early! 

NEW SPRING COORDINATES 

 reg. to 112.oo 
Saturday only /3 to /2 off 

UNBELIEVABLE—SENSATIONAL 

A REPEAT PERFORMANCE of the most terrific sportswear grouping ever put on sale. These are NOT left- overs—they are NOT close-outs! ALL BRAND NEW 
SPRING MERCHANDISE ... all FAMOUS BRANDS such as James Kenrob, Dalton, Bieyle, Bodin and many others. 
You MUST coma early for these—they are TOO GREAT 
TO MISS! 

NEW PANT SUITS 

 reg. to 62.oo 

 reg. to 83.oo 

 reg. to 9o.oo 
'Beautiful pant-suits 
4-piece wardrobers 

Saturday only 

Saturday only 

Saturday only "S1 ar 

'Beautiful pont-suits—two-and three piece sets as well as 
4-piece wardrobers and pant suits with long skirts and the very new look of pant, halter and jnckshirt. Fabrics fust right to carry you all through summer] Sizes 6 to 16. 

DRESSES 

 reg. to 42.oo 

 reg. to 6o.oo 

 reg. to 82.oo 

Saturday only 

Saturday only 

Saturday only 

|9oo 

oo 

39°° 

A truly marvelous selection of short dresses as well as. casual and dressy long dresses. This is YOUR opportunity io get a real buy for oil of those important occasions this 
Spring and Summer. Sizes 6 to 16. 

ALL WEATHER COATS entire stock 

 reg. to 44.oo 

 reg. to 54.oo 

Saturday only 

Saturday only 

2 9oo 
39°° 

Regular length and pant coal length in polyester. Perfect for our climate or travel. You should not be withoul one. 
Navy, bone, sizes 6 to 16. 

HANDBAGS 

 reg. to 25.oo 
Saturday only 1299 

All are the latest styles in shoulder and handle bags. Colors black, bone, navy ond while. 

PURSE ACCESSORIES 
SCARVES 

 reg. 1.5o 

 reg. lo 15.oo 

Saturday only vf for 

Saturday only 

oo 

399 

 reg. lo 5.oo 
Saturday only 199 and 
169 

Scarves in lovely spring colors. We will never have them again at this price. Casual and dressy styles. Wallets, secretaries, cigarette cases all in beautiful colors. What an opporlunity to slock up on gifts for all those occasions coming up this summer. 

BIKINIS 

 reg. to ! .5o 
Saturday only & for 

Jefferson Village Only 

Store Hours: 8.-3o A.M. - 6:oo P.M. 

All solos final - NO returns or oxhongei, pleaso - 

No Lay-awayj, enlirq stock not included. 

Control Sexual Appetite 
With Discipline, Exercise 

O EXPRESS-NEWS 

•Aptil 13, 1974 

Dear Ann Landers: Here's a problem I'll bet 

.you've never had before. I'm a girl, 16. My steady is 17. We are in love, even though you seem to think'kids our age don't know what love is. I can tell you we do. 

About llircc months ngo one 
Tt,at ml]e episode srareil Hie 

 thing led to anclhor ami before we knew it, Hal nnd I went all the way. Two weeks ago one of my best friends "turned up pregnant. She swears she doesn't know liow It happened and is a nervous wreck. Her boyfriend called licr "dumb- bell" and a few oilier names, so now she wouldn't marry him on 

 daylights out of Hal find me. 
We.swore we'd wail until we are married before we have any more sex. Well, Hal lias been just great, but 1 am climbing the walls. 

 a bet. 

Don't toll me tn stop K 

 him. I can't. 1 need some help to control my sexual desires. Is there a ilniR I could lake in 

§°° 

One day only at this price! Denim look and solid nylon. 
Blue denim, v/hfte, red, block, sizes 5 to 7. 

 i £af f erris an d Needle work. 

Sew 
Speedy 

NA2o14-2 

\ 

Here's one of the most slimming designs ever created. 
H hoe only 4 main pieces — and is a breozo to sew up. 
NA-2o14-2 is out in Half Sizes 12K-2oK. Size 16'A re- quires approximately 21/2 yds of 54" fabric nnd 1 1/2 yds of contrast. Fnbrics: cotton, linen, pique, light- weight wool. To orttcr NA-2o14-2; send pattern number, size, name, address aad zip. NA-2o14-2 is $1.5o. Nuvv 
Spring-Summer supplement — all new designs St.oo. 
A bonus coupon worth Sl.OO towards (ho purchase of any Spadcn pattern is included in each pattern book. 
Send orders to Spadca, Box N, Milfocd, N.J. o8848. 
Dcpt. ^ - S . 

 the curler of the future from an idea of the past new! linen curlers 

Machine-woshable linen curlers with a small piece of soft foam rubber inside, specially treated to retain the curls from shampoo to shampoo. Just wind hair, twist the ends over curls and let dry. 
Comfortable to sleep on, too. Imagine, no more permanent conditioners or set- ting goop! Box of 12,4.5o, 24/$8. 

Tom Reed, inventor of the curlers, will be at Dillard's, Central Park Mall, Fri- day and Saturday, April 12 and 13, demonstrating this new curler on models and customers who wish to try it. 

Coimolici, Diltard'i Firll Level 

CENTRAL PARK ONLY 

.SHOP UH,LAHU'S MON.-SAT. IQ.p till 341-515 

ANN LANDERS 

 quid me down? I'm like wild. 

The Tigress 

Dear Tigc: The only drugs 

 thai will diminish your sexual appetite are sedatives or 

Iranquilizers. Nn dnclor in his right mind wnnld give them to you. You'd walk arouml like a ramble. 1 suggest a routine of rigorous- physical exercise to liolp drain off some of that ex- cess energy—and a whale of a 
Icit of self-discipline. 

Birthday Exchange 

Dear Ann Landers: 
A 

 girlhood chum and 1, linth in mir middle 5os, have honored a praclice for the last 2o years of exchanging birthday gifts. Our birthdays fall within two weeks of each other. 

L.'s birthday was the lOlh of 

 the month. As always, I bought her a like gift. Three days before my birthday 
L. 

 telephoned to say she thought il was time we put an end to Ihe gift-giving, that from now on a 
Miss Arizmendi 
To Visit Scouts 

Miss Ana Rodo Arizmendi 

 will lie in San Anlonio Monday lo visit in Ihc San Antonio Area 
Council of Girl Scouts Inc. for a work-study project. 

She is notional executive 

 secretary of Gnias lie .Mexico. 

Through a grant to Girl 

Scouts of Ihe U.S.A. from Ihe 
Department of Stale, Educa- tional and Cultural Affairs 
Division, Miss Arizmendi will study techniques of organiza- tion, administration and man- agement in community and voluntary organizations. 

Ann 

Landers 

Says: 

 card would do just us well. 
Don't you think she should have made that phone call three weeks ago, before I bought her a lovely gift? 

Slightly Miffed 

DcarS.M.: Itwouldhavebecn 

 more gracious had she liniiglit 
YOU Ihe last gifl and Ihen made 
Ihc phone call. But if Ihis is Ihe mnsl serious problem you have 
ID write to Ann Landers about you're lucky (P.S. I hope you had a happy birthday anyway.) 

Do you feel awkward, self- 

 conscious— lonely? Welcome to the club. There's help for you in 
Ann Landers's booklet, "The 
Key to Popularity." Send 35 
. cents in coin with your request land a long, stamped, self- artdressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, San Anlonio Kxpress and News. P.O. Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Texas V8297. 

CAUAL 

732-9731 
355 W. JOSEPHINE 

CASUAL WEAR 

Famous Fashions for 
Femmes Fa f ale from 

Fifteen fo fifty-five plus 

6oo8 West Ave. 

41o West Center 

342-1311 

1o a.m. to 6 p.m. 

Unusual Fashions—Good Prices 

THE SLIM SET 

INVITES YOU TO 

SLIM INTO SPRING 

WITH OUR 
NIBLACK SPOT REDUCING SYSTEfX 

No contracts—Comp!crncnloiy figuro anoF/sii and IrFolrrpnT 
(no obligation)—Completely lupervicad program dastgnad especially lor you—lull/ trained consul-' tanll—Loctiej only—No oppoinlment nec«liary. Okfett arid moil effective reducing lyiltm in S.A. WETNOW OUR 
BUSINESS AND WE GET RESULTS. 
• 

Why pay more to lose less? 
2o (1) hr. treatments only '4oM 

 or with 

The EUROPEAN WRAP method of reducing, firming and toning the figure. 
Each treatment is o steam bath, 3o. minutes on Niblack machines and the wrap. (Takes 
2 Hrs.) 

INTRODUCTORY WRAP 1o°? 

SerfesoMO—.'135oo . 
INDIVIDUALLY—S15°° 

(Lose 2o or more inches in 1o treatments) 

Other services: Massage, Beauty Shop . 

 and 

PROFESSIONAL FACIALS (1 Hour) 
Intro: 14" Reg. '6" or 1o For MS" 

 m SLIM SET OF TEXAS l^^W 
Specializing in Body Beauty 

8526 N. NEW BRAUNFELS 
828-3191 

IHTRODUOH6 TO OUR SAN ANTOHIQ 

SLEEP SHOPS 

RTAPEDIC DELUXE 

NATIONALLY ADVERTISED 

MATTRESS AND BOX SPRING 

DURIHG THIS INTRODUCTORY PERIOD 

PRICE 

KING SIZE 

3 PC.SET 

Pe3389" 

QUEEN SIZE 

2 PC.'SET 

,,, 

FULL SIZE 

EACH PIECE 
1o9" 

TWIN SIZE 

EACH PIECE 
89" 

6828 SAN PEDRO 

828-5444 

Rtg. 

* SOLD IY SETS OMLYt 

FREOERICKSBURG SQUARE 

3951 FREDER1CKSBURO RD 

736-5878 

-SLEEP SHOP 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 
Page'3-C 

Easter Goodies For Everyone 

Whon the San Antonio 
Restaurant 
Association 

Auxiliary entertained Leon 
Valley Lodge residents, members brought their children. And the young- sters delighted in sharing 
Easter treasures with 

 another generation. Far left, Eddie Swank receives refreshments from 

Susanne Spruce. Helen 
Wasaff accepts an Easter bosket from Artie Knudson and Cher Knudson.—Pho- tos by Ron Jones 

Guild Members To Aid 
Youth Friendship Meet 

Members of St. Mary's 

University Guild will SITVU lunchvnn In students ]>;ir- 

. :.'", 'dancing with him and bis two left- jeet. 

 inK in 
Hie 
Youlh 

CmiTi'mice on Inlurnulirinal 
Fvirnilstiip Thursday un the. 
1 

 uiiivursily campus. 

Garden Club 
Plans River Trip 

Whispering Oaks Garden 

Club will meet .il 9 a.m. Thurs- day at the Whispering Oaks 
.swimming pool to form car- pools to go to the San Antonio 
Hivcr. 

There members will lake a 

 barge trip wilh a Conservation 
Snciuly representative explain- ing plants en route. 

The eighlh annual conference 

 will be held in Ihc.Schulasticiilc 
Auditorium for area hiiih sehmil honor students, itilerna- liimal si mih]iIs in lucul cullugcs and foreign scrvieemcn sla- tioned a I San Aulonin mililary inslallulions. 

"Youth's Parl in a Changing 

World" is the conference theme. 

The 
Guild will fiald a 

 business meeting following limelicon. 

SAVE 

™P %^r % ON All 
SWAG LAMPS 

You can have the look of elegance in every room wilh the grace and warmlh of swag lamps TO match your hoine decor... at great savings! Come to EDCO and get delightful lighting wilh a decorator's touch. 
Wide choice of wanted styles. 
**" 
•••• •—— 

BankAmencard & Master Charge. 

Hours:Moa-Fri.2-6,]hurs. 3-8, Sot. 9-5 

LOOP 41O AT VANCE JACKSON 

341-7731 

DEPRESSED 

226-4443 

ANY 

REGULAR 

PRICE 

DRESS 
IN STOCK 

SHORT OR 

LONG LENGTHS 

2 DAYS ONLY 

FRI.-SAT. 

STORE HOURS 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 

T1U7PM 

5MCIMIJHW IH YOUNG FUMONS 1oK JUNIOR AN! MIUI5 

7217 

 fiNTIQUES 
SHQH-SR flPRIL IJ 

RDM $1 

SRT. 

SUN. 

12, 

Campaign for $139 

The clean look of campaign styling on a handsome pair of sawhorses is generally available in matte-linished walnut veneer or in smooth white lacquer. The desk top is 33K"x 
55Sf'; drawer unit with brass pulls is 13H" deep. $139. 
At Storehouse: 6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson 
Keller. Tel 341-2281. storehouse* 

 specialists infastiion for half ant) large sizes 

FINAL DAY—TODAY! 

 slightly soiled • some discontinued patterns • freight damage • lightly scratched or marred all fine name furniture 

SOFAS • CHAIRS • TABLES 
OCCASIONAL PIECES • LAMPS 
PICTURES • ACCESSORIES 

A groat opportunity to own famous name furniture at a fraction of tho regular costl No 
"special purchase" merchan- dise. Our regular fine furniture, 
Just slightly damaged. Come early for best selection. Ro- momber... 4 days only! 

INTERIORS 
•wmitute' 

 no phone orders ' no approvals 

• all sales final • small dr.livery fee 

SIZES 32 to 46 

BRIEF 
S9 

PANTY S11 

QISMET SHAPES YOU NATURALLY 

Adopts to you smoothly where you need il Ihe most. Here ore two companions 

 that have tummy and back control. The pull-on panly girdle with hose-hold 

 lace cull; and a supported brief . . . bolh to wear comfortably under your 

 casual ond sportswear fashions. Of Lycra® spondex and nylon in while. 

ORDER SY MAIL o8 PHONE 225 Jltl. Add 5% Tax and 85( Pottage 

S24 

A DRESS THAT 
KNOWS NO SEASON 

 by PURITAN Forever Young 

This delightfully relaxed dress to 

 wear now and inlo summer. . . easy 

 end good-looking. Tiny dieds and 

 rjianogolly striped badico in blue or 

 beige polyester Idol's lightweight and washable. 

SIZES12'/J lo24'/2 

 ma 
BY HAIl o8 PHOHE J25-414I 

Add S% Tax and l.OOPoslage 

1616 NO. MAIN AVE. • NORTH STAR • MILITARY DR. PLAZA 

Ah< In Corpus (hiltll inj Ho'jtka 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13/1974 

MUTT AND JEFF 

IT HIT TKf EXACT MtOPlE 
Of. THE OUTER PW?r OF THE 
EP6S OF THE FRONT fWTTOF 
THE BACK PART OF THE LINE.' 

/ IT'S -COLD TONIGHT AND 
' IT'S MV TURN, TO USE 

OH QUIET.' 

IT'S TOO COOL 
FOR THESE EGGS 

BE OUTDOORS 

TONIGHT' 

THE ELECTRIC BLANKET/ 

WINNIE WINKLE 

,DONTYOUSEE,BIRD1E? 

®YES,TUTU AND \VOURE GOIN6 THROUGH A 
I HAVE BEEN 
1 PHASE OF MARRIAGE THAT 
AJosr-iOJNG COUPLES 

SO THROU6H 

BLAHS?8AH! \HWKl 
ANDSMFtE LANGUAGE 
I'VBLD&TMy 
< 

HUSBAND! 

AND YOU'VE 6OT 

CARRIED SEVEN 
YEARS. WHAT 

OF IT? 

Howb he J Hejust struck out the first ^f? Strike! He's throwing smoke, 

J-_<9 .—X .L..I- „..,,,. t.A.£*..AJ .,iUU « 
BPi 4kkh*« r V T 4-Mnb uta\*»+<"ijin/4si 
How are 
Oakwoxfe ot two on 
•threef 1 I think wevs found ourselves 

 irgouwuldrft believe! we ddn' ? / and wete losing by six 

 mns...t>utCoach1l}orp just put Lite Bunkin 

ANDY CAPP 

/SORRY I'M LATE 

WR OUR CATS, 

PARLIN1 — 
EVERY ONE OF 'EMJ 
- A FLIPPIN* 
-< 

SHERLOCK HOLMES:) 
_—•* 

(T CERTAINLY ) 
IS - FOR A 

SINGLE BLOKE! 

ABSOLUTE!/ < NOTtMJGJ/MORE OF 

PALE! WHAT WAS IV ) AWCH, \ IT THAN IT 
TfWT BAS. BOOMER?/ 

-"•'...SEE, SOMEONE 
MUST -HAVE MOVEP «XK 

THERE'S A 

DARN IN 

JUDGE PARKER 

SHORT RIBS 
I'M NOT SURE T I'LL ASK THE DISTRICT 
THEY'LL LET ME) ATTORNEY TO PHONE 

SEE HIM 
VTHE WARDEN IN THE 

TOMORROW.' 1 MORNING AND TRY 

TO ARRANGE IT.' 

IT 6 AFtER FIVE o CLOCK; HOW Fi? 
ABOUT /AY TAKING VOU 
TO DINNER THIS fe^ 
THAT 

EVENING ? y'-jSf WOULD BE 

VERY NICEi 

MR. DRIVER, I'M CONVINCED THAT) BUT 
KARL \S INNOCENT.' WERE YOU ,/PERHAPS 
TOLD THE REA6oN WHY HE GOT 1 KARL WILL 
INTO A FIGHT WITH STRAND? 
? 

US RHWG? DOU3L 
MONEY SACK 

HUfJPREP I STANDS. 
COLLARS 

FRANK AND ERNEST 

WHAT A 
X THOUGHT 
IT WAS GOINC- 
TO BE ABOUT 
THE 

EXORCIST 

 wow ooi-s A PERSON 
PN£UMOMIA/ MEPlilNEMAM? 

SITTIMS IN 

A PRAFT OFTEN 
TIMES 6R1N6S 

IT ON 

DEEP-KNEE- 

BENDS,, Jo6-6-IN& 
AMD STUFF tIKE THAT/ 

THE 

EXORCIST 

THAT LADY'S DUMB CUOCKJ 

RUNS BACKWARDS 
^~ 

THE TIME 

IS NOW 
OWE 

FOURTEEN' 

A FEW 

MINUTES 

AGO SHE 

IT WAS 

FIFTY- 
NINE' 
1 HAVE COvAE UP 
WITH A SCUJTrOM 
TO WE FUEL. 

PKOOJCEO A HI&HUV 
VOLATILE FUEL FROrA 
BlRP DROPP'lM&S. 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
Ansv/er to Previous Pu;zle 
In the South 

ACHOSS 

1 Southern state 
8 1 Lhasa large 

-- crop 

13 Dtprivesof n 

 seal 

14 Caravansary 
15 Distress signal 

(roll.} 

42 Repairs 
43Trce(Lutd 
44 Pallid 
45 Algerian 

 scajiDrL 

•18 Greek lette 
5o Gem 
54 One of this 

 state ' 

MRLvcrtSp.i 
58 Compass point 
59 L 
CO Its cap] l.il city 
62 Biblical weeds 
6.1 Hook of 

Psalms 

THE WIZARD OF ID 

 ma mm a 

17 Lalhs 
18 Former 

Russian rutrr 

SOMoulhparl 

•• / 
W\f«v'lN 16 A 

 i [ 
OBJECTOR, CO 1CU HAVe A NOM- i I CCfABWA^r F&smoN FOR HIM p 

 lOSandarac tree 
11 Roman patriot 
12 Sound o: 

3o Form of In 
42Symhn]fnr 

 masurium 

43 Sleeper's 

 smin 

44 Stay.s 
45 Leave out 
46 Genus of frogs 
4 7 Gen us of 

 maples 

49 Snare 
51 Confined 
52 Poker slake 
53 Shakespearean 

 kin 

 love 

2^ One of n 

 nurnher 

2S Swiss slre.in; 
27 Poplir 
.1o Craft 
31 Nalivcmrt.il 
31 Seaweed ashes 
35 rseuilonym of 

I-imb 

36 Ih rough 
37 Girl's name 

 ub brows 

39 Sharp 

I9Slopmc way 
21 French city 
24 Negative reply 
26 Indonesian of 

Mindanao 

DOWN 

1 Violent blast 
2SnnnfSclli 

(Bib.) 

SLarJssan 

 mountain 

4 Musical note 
5 Chatter (coll.) 
6 European 

 nation 

7 Italian city 
8 Psalms (ab.) 
9 I-imprpy 

 fisherman 

27 Consanguineous 

 otton in tiric 
28 C 
29 Masculine 

 appellation 

3o Fish sauce 
31 Not shut 

 rass ea eagles tvar.) 

35 Run away to 

M/APVlCP, 

OLJ6-HT To 
PRF6SURES AMP 

"We oil got new clothes for Easter except Daddy 

He's just getting a haircut," 
AH'l-ETOFF 

OUT OUR WAY by Nog Cochran 

PLACESTOSOAKI'MOGA&EH? XoK.FUWwy,YvEAH,AREAuN 
WHY POM'T •^XJTRVAOVANCWS 1.PA--FUU-) SCREAM AJWT 
THE FEET; ALTERNATELY ALWAYS \ kies.' 
KGBPItJE. OWE FOOTOUTH'OROUJP 
KE?.'ARE6ULAR 

CO.WEPIAkl/.' , 
•-ITSCALLEPWALXIWO.'OR 
7BV OUT VOU» LESS OfJ THAT 

IMTKE 

ITS CALLEP 

RIPWG A BIKE; 

•I I THOUGHT \ HE DID TAKE/ I GUESS TH' 
YOU SUYS WERE \ ONE. 
YOUR ( WIZER WAS 

..HE SAID HE OlON 
THINK BATHING 
/OH, HE DID, DID 
\TELLTH OLD 

WOULD SOLVE 
/HE? THEN HE MUST) BlfiTZARD I 
PROBLEM! KNOW OF SOME- /WAWTT'SEE 

THING ELSE 
< HIM RIGHT 

THAT WOULD... ) 
AWAY/ 

= Express/News Want Ads 2254666= 
., ij;ityK<. Hi. m,>n o5 Pil M. 

7 

WOTTW 

O-N&C 

8 
9 
1o 

,oo 
".15 
;3o 
"i45 

12 
1 
2 
3 

 lidwlllo 

IhsAddarr 
Family 

KENS-TV 

O-CBS 

Emer gency 

.Inch High 
Privolq Eye 

Help! irf Hair 
Bear Bunch) 
Sabrina, Tlio- 
Taenorjo Wikh 

Nevy Sco 
Movies 

5igmund& Ihe 
Sen Mongers 
The Pink 
Panlhor 

Star Trek 

Butch Casddy 

The Jetsoni 

Go! 

TV-4 Jobs 

Dick Van Dyko 

My Favorilo 
Marlian 
Jeonnie 

Speed Buggy n The Nov/s 
Joyrj & Pussycati 
In The Newi 

Pebbles & 
8am Bam 
Far Alberl 

Major League 
Baseball 
Dotroil Tigers vi Boilon 

Red Sox 

Mulligan Slew 

NBA Baskcrboll 
Playoff Game 

4 
5 

7 

 vS 
:2S 
8 

Fiihin' Hole 

Wacky World ol 
Jonathan Wintcis 

Moitcis Goll 
Tournament 

On liie Money 

NBC Saturday 
Nlghl News 

TV:4 Big News 

Wild Kingdom 

Emergency! 
"Allcj- Cal" 

:oo NBC Solurday 
:'^ Night Movie: i3ol,"'rie Greatest 

Story Ever Told" 

Thai Good Olc 
Nashville Musi 
CBS Hem 

Hec Hav/ 
Buck Owens and Ray Clark as hash 

All In Ihe 
Family 
M'A'S'H 

9 

;oo 

:JS 
MS 

(Paris I & 2) 
Max Von Sydow 

:'JQ\ Cliarllan Heslon 

Dorothy McGuire 

1o 

:oo 

:3o 

Maiy Tyler Moo 

BobNcwhail 

The Carol Elurne 
Show 

IRN-TV 
Q-H, , 

 ciameStrool 

Jilor Royeis 

1o Etoclric ompany r. Rogers' 
Icighborhood 

 e Sired 

The Electric lompany 
Seiame Strccl 

 ilcclric 
Company 

Icctric Co. 

 aihion Focus 

America Be Fit 

 ng Belter 

 ilia's Yoga 

 and You look Beat 

Nation Time 

 lounlry Muiic 
Spc-clocular 

 iordcn Show 

Across the 
Fence 

School Talk 

Washington lal 

The (-ranch Cli 

Coffee and 
Course ol Our 
Timci 

KSAT-TV 

 ffl-ABC 

 be Bugs unny Show 

 iS Gang 

 ypor Friendi 

 aisies escua Rangers 
•oobcr ond Ihe 

Ghail Chaiers 

 he* Brady Kidi 

 ion Magic 

Super Star Movie 

, men can andstond 

Community Repo 

Big Daddy'i 
Counlry 
Limits of Man 

Controversy 

Lav/rence 
Welk 

KXPRKSS' 
-NEWS ' wirr ws 
OiT 

Uttttt 
WWWBB* 
AU 
MY 

HfMK 

KWEX-TV 

QQ-lnd. 

 ormed Uited 

•Social Security • 
Preparation 
Escolar 

Deolh Vail 
Days 

Wide World of Sporls 
World Figure 
Skating 

La Juvenlud 
Boila 
Teen dance show 

El Pipor/o 

.Sal y Pimienlo 
Oscar Zamara 

Championship-. 

Reasoner Report 

NewsWotch 

Garner Ted 
Armstrong 

 iox do Mexico 

I lie Partridge 

Family 

ABC Suspense 
Movie 

Periodico 

Special of 
Ihe Week 

I "Money la Burn" 
| E.G. Marshall 

"Much Ado 
Aboul t^ollii 

| Eycwiinei* Week- 

 end New? 

I Slai Trek 

Evening with 
Champions 

Owen Maishall 
Counsellor al Law 

NcwsWatcU, 

AHSlar 
V/resllinq 

Roller Derby 
o2:3o) Bowling 

Reporter 41 

Cine df? la 
Siclc Film 

Premiere- de Or 
"La Violelera" 
Film 

Television 

'.jan Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 
1974 

Highlights 

12:3o (Ch,5)--N»A TODAY 

)ne of the playoff Kami's for ne NDA championship will be merited today. t'onimotitn- or;; will be Pat Summcrull, 
'.In'" Buylur and Hot Hod lundley. 

I (Cli.-l)--MAJ()]t MiAGUK 

JASKBAI.l, With a depth of illchcrs almost never heard of n Boston, the Hcil Sox hust Die 
Mroil Timers, under their new 

 ilalph Honk. The 

 jackup game has Ihe Kansas 
-ily floyals playing the 

Minnesota Twins in BluoniiiiK- 
.on, Minn. 

Ml (Ch.5).-TIIE MASTERS 

 fOURNAMENT This is one uf 
Ihe biggies of (jolf. Tin1 last seven holts uf the Iliird nmnd tome from Hie Augusta Na- tional in Augusta, (la. 
The 

 commentators Include Ray 
Scott, Frank (!li«l>ur, Henry . 
. 

.lack \Vhilaker and Be°'rice [Kathleen Widdoes) and Bonedick (Sam Wa- 

 terston) seem to enjoy the situation made possible through some scheming friends, on "Much Ado About 
Nothing," as a Special of the Week at 8:3o p.m. on 

Ch. 9. 

Photographer 
Due Subpoena 

ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - U.S. Dist. Court 

Judge Fred J. Nichol said Friday he will issue a subpoena for a photographer identified as a source of information in the Wounded Knee, 
S.D. siege last year. 

Tricked Into Love 

,lim Wright. 

4 (€h.l2)-Al)C'S WIDE 

WORLD o1' SPOUTS The 
World Figure Skiitinj; Clium- pionshls, with two-timo Olym- 
|ii(! ClKini|iiii]i Dick liutloi! as 
(.•(immvnlator, coini'S from (he 
Olympic situ in Munich. NCAA 
Wrestling Championships from lowu -Slate University at Ainus, 
Iowa, ;irc dcscriboil by llu1 show's host, .lini McKay. 
There will ;I|KO bn a preview (if 
"Wurld Invitiitioiiiil 'I'tiinis," which skirts on this network kimurrow. 

7 (Ch.4)-UMEKC;KN€Y The 

 jiaraincdies adopt ;i litter of cuts, save ;i siiffocutiiig l>uy. rescue a mun from a Iwali accident, free a man fruin a bear trap; the doctors save a mottiL'rand Nurse McCall must tell a little f-irl her father lia- la-en killed. 

 i 
(Ch.5)--AU. IN Till' 

I'AMn.Y Archie has a new target Innight. Edith begins to wear a religious me.dal and what's worse, starts going to 
Mass. 
Archie fears .she is 

 t h i n k i n g of becoming 

Catholic, and he hnnws who's behind il. He hlamcs Iren 
Ltirenxo. lier sister Thercsi and, n a t u r a l l y , the parisl priest. 

Reporter 41 
7 (Cli.UJ.-TII 

FAMILY "Double Trouble' 
Keith invites two girls to 

 beach parly. 
After one turns 

Him down, he invites another who accepts. Then Ihe first one wauls to go and he writigles out uf his date will) a few lies. The second yirl decides to leach hill! a lesson. 

7 
(Ch.o)--MASH 
When 

 llawkcye lakes a new nurse in- to the wuods for a picnic, he wants love, not war. liul a 

 sniper shoots al them so llawkcyc suspects Majnr Hums anil Ilut Lips are in the area taking large! practice. Unl il is a real enemy sniper and he isn't practicing. He means it. 

::)!> <Cli.l2)-THi; ABC SL'S- iVKK MOV1IC ".Motley to 

Burn" This is an interesting story about an ingenious 

 prisoner who counterfeits one mill ton dollars while \siirkiug in the prison print shop. 
Ills 

 problem is getting rid of the s l u f f , so he masterminds scheme to smuggle the phony hills out and exchange (hem for bills about to he burned at the 
Treasury b u i l d i n g . lv 

Marshall plays the convict. 

8 
(Cll.j)--TIHi 
11 Alt V 

TYLER 
MOOIU', 
SHOW 

Anthony liiblcy plays tin anchorman of the lop-rater.: 
11 
Andy Griffith 
Returns To TV 

As Police Chief 

Bj1 I/cona I'appas 
Television ICdilor 

Andy Griffith interrupted a bicycle ride 

 with a friend to talk about his latest television venture. 

He and the friend had been 

 out riding around his estate on a bicyclc-bnilt-for-two, ho said, the friciul Iryint! lo decide whether lie wanted to buy a similar kind of bike. Griffith hail umieil the uiie they wore ridiiiH fur some lime and en- joyed il very much. 

II is lync fur (iriffilh lo «<'! 

 hack regularly on television, he thinks. Ami a pilot f i l m , 

"Winter Kill," is Ihe project. 

"Winter Kill" will lie seen as 

 the ADC Monday Xiyhl Movie ncM week, al S p.m. nn KSAT- 
TV. 

, 
Police Chief 

Griffith will play Ihe rule of 

Sam McNcill. Ihe chief of police al a ski resort. II was filmed in HJK Hear, California. 

This is mil tin.' first job us a 

 police chief for llu 
1 aclor. I*'or 

I'iKhl years. ( I r i f f i t h was Hie lovable 
Andy Taylor of 

Mayberry in "The Andy llrif- filli Slmw." When lli:il scries left the air, il was NimilH'rOne in the Nalioiud Nielsen ratings. 
II was succeed cil by 

"MayVrry. II.I'M).." in which t i r i f l i l h served as one of its executive producers. 

Ready 

"I am ready fur another 

 scries." said (iriffilh. "1 like lo 
HI) 
In work every day. 

Television is a challenge. I have dune a lot of il and am 
Beared for il. 

"However. Ihis will he an 

 hiinr show. I hiive never done mi hiinr slnnv before. I didn't knnw whal In ex|iri'l. I loved il 
Ihouuli 

III "Winter K i l l , " Chief 

McNcill is suddenly plimj;cd 
Inlo fmir baf/llnj; murder cases, 
I'iich seemingly inirelaleil bill wilji 
11 .similarity In paltern. 

Kuril victim wns slain by tin: hliihl'uf n slintijun. apjiarenlly by'ii.klllor \\lni a|i|iroiiclicd 1111 fiinj, Al ench murder site a mcssiiKe wns s|irny painled 
•"ithe flrsl" Iliroiiiih "Tin 
Kniirlli" as Ihoui;!] (lie klllci was keeplni: score. 

"U'lial we wero Irylim I" iln 

 wilh Mils shnw,"siild (iriffilh," 
"M-iiswewiiiiU'il II In hmk Hlfi'ii 
Klmtll (own In Ciilirnrnln. Wi wauled II lo lixik like a crlint 

 vave liud hil om- town. I think ve were able to do Ihis. 

"We wanted tu add bits of 

 inmor. We were able lo do hat. II just worked oul like I wanted it lo. 
I hope 
Ihe 

 tidienee will feel Ihe same." 
"If we go to ;f series." Ihe 

 iclor continued," we will blend iiuiuir wilh mystery." 

Asked about continuing 

•haiacters in the series, if il comes about, G r i f f i t h said 

 there would Ix.' a junior deputy 
(another Don Knolls'.') and a receptionist. And (he police chief. 

"The snow was simply beau- 

 t i f u l when we shol up al liig 
Hear." G r i f f i t h commented. 
"The scenery in the movie should be gorgeous." 

*** 

WOAI-TV will bring some 

 special lOaster programming 
Sunday nuirning to viewers. 

M !l a.m., TV 4 will preset)! 

 live coverage of Ihe Kaster 

Sunday Mass from the National 
Shrine of Ihe Immaculate Con- ception in Washington, I). C. 

The television s(atioi) will al- 

 so broadcast Pope Paul's special Kaster Mass and mes- sage lo American and Canadian audiences al 11 a.m. This will come from St. 1'clcr's liasilica in Home. 

*** 

A former disc jockey al 

Radio Station KAPK is relum- ing lo San 
Antonio in a 

 managerial position al the 

SPECIAL LECTURE ON 

OVKK 2oo,ooo GKADUATKS 

DKVKI.OI' YOUft PSYCHIC AIHUTIKS—MSI' 1'OWKHS 

\IIM> (.l>\llt(»l. (.11 lt)r.4IKS IIKI'HHI' HKTrr.n (.OMHOI. (H'HK 

• H I A I . I I I 
• MomATioN 
• ivn nut.v t:sc 

• MKMOHV 
• SAI.KSM \.NSIW 
• I'liOlll.l-IM SIIIA IMi • S.MOKIM, 

• CDNCKMIIATIO.N • I'KAUS 
• Sl.l'.i; 

YOU READ ABOUT IT IN. . . l.OS ASCI I l.s IIMES - fOUONLr - BOSION CLOBi: ! 

1 1 1 1 
M.MSHI1.K 
. 
NATIONAL OnSIKVh.K 
MADEMOI5F.il t 
- 
IIARrLR'S 

NLHVORKTIMhS 
WASHINGTON 1'OST - SA1 h.SMANAf.1 Ml NT 
MANY OTIItKS I 

I OR HFFIREMCF. ASK ANV SI1.VA MINI) COMHOl. CRAIIUATE. 

ATTllM) I IlKK l,i:(.l 

CUNTEll HOTEL 

 n Hnoin 
2o5 K. llniiMim Si. S.A 

SATUHDAY, Al'llll. CI 
« I'.M. 

MONDAV, 
Al'llll. IS tt 
I'.M. 

I rrriRi: rnFscNrm iiv: "ON 

«*< otl-^MSAlU^C^-tl 

A C 

: Uf rki4ltlMMA«llMI I II r>*.MI 

 same station. 

Kudy Green stalled his radi 

 career Icn year ago al KAI'K lie started as a disc-jockey an moved i n t o the position o program director. 

I1'or Ihe past ciglit years 

Green has been wilh Kadi 
Station W.I MO in Cleveland 
Ohio, as program direclor. 

 news show in town, hnl that luesn'l slop him from daling ilary. Kislcy can'l slop teasing 
.lary about the low rating of ler news show, anil this turns 
•lary inlo a spy. 
She slarls 

 licking up news lips al his slation and sending them to 
Mr. Grant. It's her way of gelling back al Ihe anchorman. 

8 (Cli.-l)--SATlJItDAY NIGHT 

\T TIU-: MOVIlvS "The CJrea- 
.esl Slury ever Told" Max von 
Sydow, as Jesus, is supported 
>y an all-slar casl in this dramatic presenlalioji of the 
Clirisl slury Ihal delails His mission on Karlli and the events leading the the 

Crucifixion. 

8:3o 
(Ch.o)--THE 
UOli 

XKWHAKT SNOW A blacked mil foulball game makes Bob and Jerry travel lo 1'eoria lo watch it. While (here, Jerry introduces Bob lo .laninc. 
Their TV sol breaks down and 
Jerry goes to gel il fixed, leav- ing Hob and .laninc alone in (he hotel room. She doesn't care if he's married or nut. 

8:3o «:h.S)--SIMCC[AL o1-' 

THi; WEEK "Much Ado Aboul 
Nothing" 
-Joseph 
I'app's 

 production of Shakespeare's well I.mm 11 romantic comedy. 
The selling lias been changed from Ib'lh century Sicily to 
America at the (urn of the 19lh century. 

9 (Cli.5).-THK CAItOL UUll- 

M-:TT SHOW Old-lime movie fans get a Ircal toniglil as 
Gloria Swauson visils Carol. 
The highlight of the show has 
China doing an imitation of 
Charlie Chaplin. She does il in a sketch w i l h Carol d u r i n g 
Miss liurnctt's charwoman bit. 

11:3o 
(Ch.S,-IHG SHOW 

"Barabbas" A n t h o n y Qninn and Arthur Kennedy. Story of 
Ihe thief on the cross next lo 
Christ at (he C r u c i f i x i o n . 
Harahbas, allowed lo live, con- tinued Ills life in search of failh. 

Nichol said he would issue the 

 subpoena for James Mone, an 
Associated Press photogra- pher based in Minneapolis, inan effort to clarify the circum- stances. 

W. Mark Felt, who retired 

 last June from (lie FBI, testi- fied Thursday concerning the sources of government 

 information which the defense claimed had been gathered 

Ihrough an illegal wiretap. 

Fell gave no names bul the 

Minneapolis Tribune identified one source of some of (ho infor- mation as Mone, a photogra- pher. 

N'ichol said in court Friday: 
"I am mindful of (he report 

 this morning in Ihe Minneapolis 
Tribune thai James Mone, pho- tographer for the Minneapolis bureau of 
The Associated 

Press, was the one involved. 
Without saying I believetlwt lie is the person involved or not, the fact is Ihal his name surfaced." 

Reply 

In reply lo a reporter's (piLy 

 lion Thursday, 
Minneapolb 

Chief of Bureau Ben Brown ol 
The AP said the circumstance.1- under which any informaliot was given lo (he FBI are un clear. He said il was not clea whether Mone was formally in lervicwed or if he just casualh mentioned .some things abou 
Ihe situation inside Ihe occu pied village. 

Heporlers, photographer 

 and law enforcement officer mingled at roadblocks aroum 
Wounded 
Knee for Severn 

 weeks. 

Nichol said thai in view c 

Brown's statement, "It occur- to me a subpoena lo Jamc 
Mone i sea lied for and I will si gii an order." 

Nichol conlinued: "There is a 

 clear possibility that iu giving this information (o the FBI, 
Mone may not tiave requested it lo be confidential. There is a possibility the FBI could tliom- selves have placed a prolecl or confidential order on thai. It that is true, if the FBI is pro- tecting confidential souices 

 where they do not request it, it would be a very casv wav to 

 cny information to the defense iat is important. 

'That should be determined 

 nc way or another. If they did o it, It is certainly one of the lings I am ging to take into ondideralion on Hie motion for ismissal." 

Clarification 

Nichol said Mone might also 

 je helpful in clarifying what the udge called conflicling les- 

 imony between Felt and Roy 
Moore, head of the Jackson, 
Miss., FBI bureau. 

Moore had said wiretaps 

 weren't necessary because the 
;overnment gol information rom people going in and out of he village. FBI reports did nol subslanliale Ihe slalement, 

N'ichol said. 

An AP spokesman said, "We 

 lon'l know anything about this and we arc looking into it." 
Mone was on vacation and could not be immediately reached. 

2 Slates Join 
Disaster Sites 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Pres- 

 ident Nixon declared the slates of Michigan and Nortli Carolina to be major disaster areas Fri- day because of extensive dam- age caused by tornadoes last week. 
Office Sacked 

WASHINGTON (AP) —Sev- 

 en men and a woman dressed in civilian ctolhes forced llKirway inlo the 
Vietnam Overseas 

Procurement Office Friday and sought to destroy files by pour- ing red ink on the documents, according to Ihe Vietnam Em- bassv. 

REPAIR 

WE RENT OR REPAIR 

BLACK AND WHITE 

OR COLOR 

TV RENTALS 

Color ir Mick ,n4 WhU> 

C,ly Wid. S«vk. 

Dating Service of ffifi/ifst 
Quality 

MATCHMAKER 

MI,I a, t,,i i la.vi j< 

J.rt-,,l,.k,ll, 

 lllC. 

,(fr fnrl, ,* rk,.,n.krll, 

LICENSID 
INSURED 

ROACHES ANTS AND SILVERFISH 
• COMPLETELY SAFE 
3 Mo. Warranty $3.oo S.C. 

• NO LEAVING HOME 
• NO FOOD OR DISHES 

TO MOVE 

6 ROOMS t FOUNDATION 

MODERN PEST CONTROL 
336.1M6 
342-67JS 

PEUGEOT 

WORTH OF ACCESSORIES 
WITH EVERY NEW BIKE 

OFFER GOOD THROUGH APRIL 15th 

SSfF*f 

 headquarters for bicycle sales & service 

 flUlfflO HEIGHTS BKYCIE SHOP 

5933 BROADWAY 
OPEN 1o AM-7 PM 
828-6664 

J\ 
«r ^ 
T ttfS\ 

The POWER of FAITH 

BY 

WOODI ISHMAEL 
~ 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
- 

RELIGION 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

IMICIiKtnnoN 

 al Handera Road 
(I black «it«l 

Gen.McMullenDriv*) 
Jomei McKee. Poilor 

Lorry WlftUwon 

Minister el Education and Ye-ulh 

John Ed Cailson. 
Minister Dl Music 

Sunday Wonhlp Services: 1:3o and iiiOQ 
o m.; 4:4o o.rn. Sunday School. 9;4S o.m. 
Trolnlno Union. 5:33 P.m. Kindergarten for 4 and 5 vear oJdi. SuMrvlsed nursery open icr all services. 

Bopiisi Bible fellowship 

GRACE BAPTIST 

TEMPLE 

1171 Baste Rd. (NorrMlde) 

Tele.: 7JM3J3-SSS 6SJ3 
Wm. E- Portion, Poslor 

Sunday School-9:45 o.ni.: Evening 

Evangehstk Servlce-i:3o p.m. 

Church Nursery ooen every Service 

Special welcome exlendeo lo weekenc visitorsond newcomers 1o me city. 

World Baptist Fellowship 

HU1SACHE AVENUE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

1319 W. Kuliachp Aye. 

Di. Ctaud J. Bon an;. Rosier 
Rev. ClDL'tf J. Bon am, Jr., 

Associate Pallor 

Yotng Peo^le'i Leader, 

Choir Director 

Rev. Frert Benom, 
AsiDcictc Pastor, 

Young Addl Teacher 

Sunday S e r v i c e s — A l l D^ble Sunday 

Schocl I5:ooo m. 

Wcrsh:n Service ll:D3a m. 

Adult's Young People's a^.d Children's 
MccCng 6:oo p.m. 

Evening Service 7:35 p m. 
Wednesday-Piove/ Service 7:3o p ni 

 i? veins in San Antonio 

Hear Dr. Claud Qonam on KORY Radio 

111o on vojr dial J:33-;:-li a.m. Mbntfav- 
Sa'urdav. 

Christian Church 

(Disciples ol Christ) 

Saturday, April 13, 1974 

(hurch of God 

MacARTHUR PARK 

CHURCH OF GOD 

3»S Nacogttothei 

Cldudt Robold, 

PaUar 

Church Dibit School, v:33 A.M. iVofftfna WoiShlp. 1Q:JS A M. 
Evenlno, Vespeis, 6:oo P.M. 
Wednesday Slydy Groyps. 1;K F> M 
Nursery Provided. For AM So/vices. 
Chrlsllon Brotherhood Hour, Radio 
Broadcast Each Sunday S P.M. KMAC 
Radio 61o on inedtal. 
' 

Episcopal 
Churches 

-• " CHRIST EPISCOPAL 

CHURCH 

BetknoEt alWeit Rusieil 

The Rev. Maurice M. 
Benltei, D.D. Reclor 

The Rev. Samuel Orr Caprrs, 

D.D., Rector Emeritus 

The Rev. James K. Alcarn, A&soclale 
Reckw. 

The Rev. HolUer G. Toml.n. Associate 

Redor. 

Tte Rev. Wriham D. Wright. Associate 

Rector 
Sunday 8:oo a.m. Holy Communion; 9:1i o.rn. Church Scf.ool and Family Service: 
11:oo o.m. Mo/ning prayer and sermon,. 
Church School Ihru 41h grade. Nuritrv et>en yo.m. to 12 noon, collee hour foitow- ina service. Holy Communion at 11:oo a.m.; 
(Erst and Ihlrd Sunday ol monlh. 

Holy Communion al 9:15 a.m. Second 
Sunday ot month. 

Tuesday—8 o.m. Sentor Adults meet tcr 

Oomes ond refreshments. 5:3o p.m. Hcly 
Ccmmirnkn ond Heallno Service. 

T h u r s d a y —1o:oo o.m. Holy Com- 

 iYH.nl on. 

NORTHEAST 

THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
Mil Slarcrest, in Marvmenl 

 al SI. Mary's Hall 

8:oX3 a.m. Holy Communion • 
1o:3o a.m. Morning Worship 
Nursery orvd Sunday Scliocd. 
The Rev. Joe L. Drown. Rector 
Tel. 6»-?r"3l or E2J ??LO 

THE BIBLE 

13o. Saul Disobeys God 

During the second year of Saul's reign, he selected 3,ooo warriors of Israel; he himself 

 commanded 2,ooo, and his son Jonalhan kepi 1,ooo in Gibeah. When Saul had assaulted 
Ihc Philistine garrison in Geba, the Philistines gathered 3o,ooo chariots, 6,ooo horse- men, ond troops as thick as sand on the seashore. 

When Ihe men of Israel saw Ihnl they were tjreally outnumbered, they fled and hid in 

 caves ond thicket's. Saul, meanwhile, wailed in Gilgal for Samuel, who was to appear on 
Ihe seventh day. When Samuel did not appear. Soul look it upon himself lo offer the burnt offering, but as soon as he had done so, Samuel came and spoke lo him: 

"...Thou hast done foolishly: Ihou hast not kept the commandment of Ihe Lord thy God, 

 which he commanded Ihee: for now would the Lord have cslablished thy kingdom upon 
Israel forever. But now thy kingdom shall not continue: the Lord hath sought him a man ofler his own heart, and the Lord hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hosl not kept that which Ihe lord commanded Ihee." (I Samuel 13:13-14) 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

CHRISTIAN CHURCH 

(IMDIockN. NewBrnunMi 

Re*. Earl R. BI&ICI, Minister 

Parker E. Crass. 
AiioeEalc Miflliler 

8:3o oixl 1o:SO a.m.—WoisVp Services 
9.JS a.m.—Church School 
12:o3 noon-l^clkiwshlo 

Excellent Nursery. Ample porVlng. 
CENTRAL CHRISTIAN 

CHURCH 

Main Avenue at 
Ramana Plata 

111-571] 

MiiUslfrs: Dr. Tnomai Youngbloed, 

Rov E. Makin 

Church Sctiool 9:45 o.m. Worship 1o:55 

 ci.iiv Family Drogiorm 6 u.m. Nursery available. A Irkrndly welcome a "alls YOU. 
Plenty ol carklna. 

WOODLAWN CHRISTIAN 

A Special Invitation 

To Attend 

Church From 

O.F. Davenport Co. 

Dislrubgtcr 
Aggregate Plant 

Products Co. 

I-COP n— '.'i mile No. or Hlg^v.uy SO 
ED3-11II 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

 world-wide misstonary program and 

 a pre milltnkjl message 

R.E. \ih\\f. Pastor 

SuiJay Services 1o o.isi. Oib'e School 

6:JO D.m. — Youlh Peoples' Training 

 f.'.id wreh Service Wednesday J.'jop'ni" 

Nurser.'es a.-a cry room. 

At* /vewsrearc/res 

MANOR BAPTIST 

CHURCH 

Manor Dr. atMcrcdilh 

<? blacks west of 

JcFferiai High School) 

Nathan L. Stcne, 

Paslor 

• 
Southern Baptist I 

^^^^—^^—^—^^f^a^^fm^^^^^^^m 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

4 SCI Breaflvroy— i/i-9539 
Eail W. Jr>hns.1cn, Pastor 

11 
FranV S. Wrnnc, 
Music-Educalion 

^\jno*cv School 9:3o a m.: .'/orning 

NJntlnnn! Rnnlf nf 
W<xihic 19: Ji o m.. Chjrch Trainrg t:«l 
INQTIOnai OanK Or cn,: EV5r.ir.oWcrshto(:Mo 71. 

 r~nmmf»rrr» v/rdnrirto/ -- 6 - C O p ni -'- C h u r c h 

 v c ,1 <~ ^ f 
Fv 
,on, Ftim-shio SuDucr: »:« LcodcnhlD 

M°"K "Jn.V 
Mccl.nai. 7.35o -n. - Prayer Sor.nc. 
/.^rr.tcr h.u I.e., 
. 
Th-j.idov— 1o:Wo rn. - Bit>'e Sludv. 

IGarza Finance Co. 
1o3 5. Floret SL 
CA&-7JSI 

Bexar County 

National Bank 

Member F.D-I.C. 
Jell-Craft Punch Bases 

.'/amJatrured liv Btuc Bcnnr:! 

Pala'ot ChiD Comoor-v 

Oreo Inc. 
Slalncd Gloii and CAcia c rAural 
61 16 Broodv.GV — T A J 9&7B 

 llurictv occn 'or allct'-urcli otliwil'ci. 

CASTLE HILLS FIRST 

BAPTIST CHURCH 

Olf Loop 41o a1 Branca 
311o N.V/. WiJIlarv H\vy. 

Jack R. Taylor, PaHor 

Janics Ennis. Assoc. Paslor 

Malcclm A. Grainier, 

Mirisrcr ol Musk 

Ann RollOvj.1i, 
Yo'Jlh Dirrcler 

9.]3u m. Sunday SChoo'. 
?:]oo m Vo^th Churth 

 f 
IO.SOn.ni. Sc court \Vcfihin Service 
'' 
1o:5oo.^. Yo--Ih Swda/ School 

Aiiociali PailoT/Chrktian Educalion 

Lee Maieih, 

Mtnistef ol Music 

Wnlslcr of Yculh & Recreation 

 g-"iOa m. 
Io:5oa m. 
6 CO p m 
7 o3 o.rn. 
?:oo p.m. 

Sgscrvisci 

Sunday School 
W.crnlng Wo*"shio 
Evrni'.g V/orsWp 
Training Program 
WedJicsdar Service 
J Nursery al all services. 

NORTHPA^T 

BAPTIST CHURCH 

W.H. Lcng-Pas1or 

Tex Shanncn-Eiccalton 
Cliff Harden — Mudr/ Youlh 

Suntfav iC 
8:3o A iV 

^«d\J'e•; 
Lori/ Wcrsliiu 

9:J5 A.AV Olb'c Sic'dy [All oocs) 
1o-^S A fA Wnr^Mn 
4-JOP.M 
6:oo PJA 

Yotjlh Cho'r 
Chr Klian Trninina 

 t:oo P.M. Evenlno V/orihlp 

Wednesday bcrmdjle: 

?:C3 P.M. H.A.'s i G A.'s-Elem. Choirs 
J'.t'j r.M J.i i(1 -wi, nr-k finvfi 
*. <;iniiu 

Grouns 

7:J5 P t, 
Nurser 

 day H'-.dc 

. Yo-jlh "F'o«*r Line" 
/ onrn oil services. F ull wcek- 

NORTHS1DE 

BAPTIST CHURCH 

ST. PAUL'S 
EPISCOPAL 

Child ca re ig rnomfn 

 f aHertdanls 

 rc'Jtlno. A Trlcndlv wclccmo il--, 

Christian S Missionary 

Alliance 

ALLIANCE BIBLE 

CHURCH 

Loon 419 and Ztrther 

(Betwten Broadway & Nac«gdocti«i) 

Rev. Dennis L. Gorton, pastor 

Ph: 6M-I11S 

1o CO a in MORNING WORSHIP 
)l:ooa.ni. FAMILY BIBLE SCHOOL 
*:DO p.m. 8IHLE f. FELLOWSHIP WEDNESDAY : 7;3D Mid Week Worshic. 

7 o5 r> in Fve-.iri Vfori!-. o S?rvi<n 
7.33p m. VVed-csdai/ 
P raver Wei 

 fJurie'v or.cn lar t,i' services. 

CRESTVIEW BAPTIST 

Ha; Writ AVF, al Freina 
J. Howard Smith, Pastor 

9:15 o in. S-uiid<w Sfliocl 
11 :oo o in. W M r.' n g V/o i s'n o t:oor m. Church Training 
7-oo p.m. Hvenlrvj Worship 
7:J5 P..IH. Wfnnesrta/ mkj week • 

 fJurscrv wen (cr n'l services. 

HOUR 

7;33p.m. Wednesday Prayer Scrlvcc- 

PREACHING THE 

VJORD—WORLDWIDE 
Christian Stience 

SECOND CHURCH OF 
CHRIST, SCIENTIST 

Wagaoko and Bethnap 

Sunday Services 
I1;»A,W. 

Sunday School 
11:oo A.M. 

Child Core provided ol bolh services. 
S-.'ulcd o1 Lessor,- "Our im Disease And 
Ucalh Reah" 
V;ei1iH-sdny Uvennri Services . .. 8 P M 
"You Arp Welrcx^>e To Con-c Lcoio Huv/ 
Piuvcr Alone Henh. ' 

RLAOINGkOOMS; 
?ol B Cenlrol Park .. Man. thru Su1 9 33 t. M. S:oo P.Vi FJve (c*C(nlSV«d K Sal 
4.oo P M a:oo P M.I 
376 (dorlh SI. Mory's ... [on ground floor oT 
Ihc Gunler HnlcD nm.'nruin a Jo!n1 Re/id- 
Ing Hoom wilh Flrsl Ctiu(clu*tChrls1 
Scicnr.v Onen: SrJOA.M. \w4\MPriL 
Hadio "THt THUI^WAT HEAlS" 
Evrry.Su-.tfov Moini.-.o a1 7HS A.M. on 
Rodo ,yolwn KcMAC (613 Klli] on vov 

Sublett. -EASTER EVERYOAY." 

THURSDAY: 7:3o Yaulh FellowshrD. 

Churcli wilh a Charismatic Ministry 
Youlh rpcdlng 5:3o lo 7:oo p.n 

FcllCVfShlDHalL 

ASSEMBLY OF GOD 

((ormtrlr Central Park 

Aisembly of God) 

(Temporary Location) 

,f a c hi on-Keller 

Elementary School 
ItSl Jackson Keller 

Phenf: lvO<lU7 

Rev. Jock Rtbcj-lson, Pastor 

Su-day Sorvlcrs: 
Sun do y Schcol- v:Ji a m 
Morn'no V/orshlo— IO:JS a.m. evansel.^tk Rallv-7.oo c.m. 
Wednesoov: Fani Iv nig!il-7:3o r>.rn. 
Moo. thru Fri Rcdio KWAC iJO on Oiol v;JSa.m. 

FIRST ASSEMBLY 

OF GOD 

113 S.E. Military Or. 

(Between Rcosevell and Flares) 

Rev. Day Robin ion, Ppilor 
Phone: y»-7Sil"?I4-l!S7 

SU'l DAY 
SERVICE: 
Suntfoy 

Schofll-v^S a ni. Worship — I3:J5 o.m. 
Junior Church services In Auxiliary 
Audiliroums Icr Children cf all nac\ - 
13:JS a rn. Youth Mdl.ngs - 
A:CO p.m. 

Evangel>sl:c Services — 7:oo r».tn- 

V/EOtJESDAY: Dcermr I ile R.b'e Ser- 

V,(P^ — 7:3o r> m. Atlenrtctl l|tL,r^eY^ c;«role a'.i services. 

. VALLEY-HI 

ASSEMBLY OF GOD 

 n; Cedarhuist D/i-o 
ClUfil Sn-.art. f'nslor 

SU-W!OY Scrviti>i: 
1o o1 A M Su.irfav School 
11 -oo A «A Womi-.g Worsrr'D 

5 oo I' fA. Oiiie Service, i A r n. 
7 CO P M. Even'.rff Service 
7:oo P.M. El-ble SlutJv, Wedr-esffoy 
7:oo P f A. C.A.'s. V/trfnesdav 
Allerttfcd r.urseiy ol o'.l secvlces. 

Assembly Churches 

CASTLE HfLLS 

ASSEMBLY 
LOOP ill al Roteto 

Oel^een Bronco and Will Ave, 

Tele. 3*1 un-iM-nu 
C.E.McfJeely, Povlor 

"A not tfenomlncllonol church (or peoDlt ol all (aims." 

Sunday Services: Sunday Schcol 15:oo 

A.M. Morning Worship 11:oo AM. Even 
Ing worship 6:oo P.M. 

Wec/nesday — Prayer and DUj'e Sludy 

7:iO P.M. Nursery nrovld*d oil oil ier vlcfti. Visilo/i welcome. 

ST. GEORGE 

EPISCOPAL CHURCH 

6934 Weit Avenue al Military Hwy. 
Tfie Rev. James F. S1ene, Rcdor 
Ihe R(v. Jotin o. Covey, Aisooale 

Churcn P^one: Jl2-J?t1 

Day School Phone: 347-4263 

Sundays: 8:31 am. — HoV CommunFon 
1o:JO o.m. - Hi and 3rd: Holy Com- murjon; 3rvd and 4ih: Holy Comnvjnion ond Mcrning Prayer. Tuesday; Prav"r, 
Protse ond Ho'y Con-jnunron — 7"3o 
D.m. Wednesday: 1? noon — »o!v Com- misnlon. J p.m. — Evening Prayer 
T^ur!cf<]y: 6:« ond 1o:oo a.m. - nolv' 
Communion c^-.d B.blD Sludv. SolurrJoy 
8:oo o.m. — }lcly Communion and Blb'e 
Sludr. 

ST. MARK'S EPISCOPAL 

CHURCH DOWNTOWN 

3o7 Easl Pecan al Travis Park 

Pho.ic: 3H.34M 

M'nisterjr Stanley F. Hauser, 

Roland Tfmbtf lake, 

Michael Chalk, 
JoTin R. Rotn 

Edr.a M. Dletr, Dss. 

Sunday 8:C3 a.m. Holy Communion 9-JO 

1. Confcmporarv Worship. 9:3o.'e " 

MacARTHUR PARK 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 
"Thi Homi-LiktChyrth" dbiki. N». or LOO? 4)o) 

PflUsr O.W. )chwflntnb4rn 

Alice. Patior 

CaM Zimmerman 

1:3o & ll:ooa m'. (Nuiserv) 
):iJo.m. Svndoy School (all OQCI) 
Military personnel especkilly welcome. 

PEACE 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 

7JI8 Blanco Rqad 

E. Richard Slalimgi, Pallor 

SmiiJay Worjh'p; 1:3o 11:oo a.m. Su^da/ 
Scf.coiand D'rble Class: 1o:IS a.m. Adult 
Insliuclion: TtAuridav 7:JO o.m. Kinder- acirteii-Nurifry: Mon.-Frl. ft:JS-M:JO. 

REDEEMER 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 

ISO? Ff«d*rlckitxiro Rd. 

Rev. Eric E. Wagner, Poslor 

Rev. NdtM. Boaclmaari, P tutor 

Tficme o( Ihe serniCKi. Easier Sunday 
April l-i. 1o:3o o.ni. will be "HaDrmtss is 
..." bv Paslor Nell M. Doaelnianrv An in- loinral Easter Sunrhe Servfce. conducletl by the Yaulh, will bcaln at 6: JO a.m. Holy 
Corn in u.-Uo.n will be celebrated In Ihe 1o:5o 

MONDAY: 7:CO P.M. - L.L.L. Medina 
T JESDAY : 1o:oo A.M. - Elliobeth Blhle 
Sfixly Go.; 5:oo P.M. — Cub Pack Com- mMlee; 7:oo P.M. — Qov Scouls; B-CO 
P.M. —Dorcas flible Slud* 
WCONESOAY: I:JO P.M. — Saroti BjU|C 
Stcriy Grouo; 6:oo P.M. — Junior Conf.r- riKi!!o.i Class: 7:W P M ~ Senfor CJioIr 
THURSDAY; 7:35 P M. — Lvdia DiDie 
Stutfy Group. 
SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS 

LUTHERAN CHURCH im Wunbach Rd. 
(between fiabcack & Even} 

 m IM1-U4-3I73 

SUNDAYS-Chrlstlan Education Jor 

«niirc lamllv: 9:IS a m Fm^lly worjhb: 
1o:3o a.m. Nursery available at no1h tKKJIS. 
MAUNDY THURSDAY. J:M P..\\. GODj 
Tridav noon worihia soonsored bv ve-jth: Good Friday at 7:3o P.M. taster 
Sunrise, 7;W A.M. Easter Fcslival,-Io;3o 
A M. 

Rev. Robert T. Kuhl.iiann. Pnslor 

The Church o! 'The Lulhejan Hour." 

ST. JOHN'S 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 

SB2 E. Ntreva Si. 

San Anlanlo, Texas 7IIOS 

Dovmkiwn '/•» block west of HemliFafr. 
Roold E. Braclickj Arthur Holm and Nsr- ffvon H. A (be r (sort, gaitars. 

EASTER SUNDAY, APRIL H, 197J 

Worship Services ol B: IS, 9: jO ond 1o: Ji am Sunday School o1 9;3oo m. 

ST. PAUL 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 

31o3 So. Pre&a 

(near daqntown) 

Wm. A. jDhnscn, Pastor 

Sur.dav V/orslilo: 

Tradrfkwicl Service 9:oo A.M. Conleni- noTary Service 
11:3o A.M. Sundav 

School 1o:15 A.AV Hotv Week: Good 
Fridov Tcnebroe V^orshlp, April 1?, B:C-3 
P.M. Easier Day, April U. Worshio al 
7:oo AM. 
Sunrise service 9:CO A.M. 

Festival Worstib. 1o:15 A.M. Sunday 
School. 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 

UNITED METHODIST 

CHURCH 

317 WllTWOOdJQWn 

 ol Rclhnap ' 

7JJ71S* 

Mlnltltrt: 

Dr. Oorrel D. Gray 

Riv.AKtrl E. Lqud,qn 

Mornkia HOfihlD B:]o ond 1o:5o. Dr. 
Gray preaching: Srrmon: "BOKty TO 
WIN." 9:^5 - Church 5<^ool - Classes for all ag«s. 
A nursery Is pravldcd (or all worshln services and ctiurch activities. 

WOODLAWN UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

1711 Weil Wooaiawn Ave. 

Pallor: Rcy. Royniond M. Drink 

Asiociate Paslo;: 

Rev. Fred Armstrong 

SUNDAY SERVICES: 

Church School-9:3o a.m. 
Morn:no Worship Service —1o:5o o m. 

 lloV Comm-'nloo o -served First Suncfay ol each month. 

Yaulh meeting 5:3o lo 7:oo p.m. 

Felki*sh.rp Hot*. 

ST. JOHN'S 

UNITED METHODIST 

CHURCH in CEaudcrofl Drive 

Tel. 431 7431 
, 
Rev. AlberrMeiubla 
Eorlv Worship Service at 3:>3 am. 
Surxiav School Classes at 9-33 am 
• 

Regular Worshlo Se/wlce ol 1o:1o am 
No Evening Youlh Activities Ihls Sun> rtay. 

MONDAY: I9o.m. Clrelt 1 al Ihtthurch; otherdrcksm*eilnnom«i#p.ni.ohnfr, iir«aroni. ond builncu m«fMnoi ol Ihi elJeil and ckoconi. 
W E D M G 5 D A Y : 
17:IS p.m- Men » 

Luncheon onii study; 4: H p.m. Family 
U4h1 Dinner, Dlble Hudy on "Pioinn" 7 p nv ClkOV Retrenrial. 
THURSDAY: MS a.m. Men'i Prov«r nreaklPSU ):M p-m. Coufvlc* Clwb Ol the honieollMRev.arM] Mrs. Wood; Mr. oivd 
Mrs. John McLeod.hosls. 

MADISON SQUARE 

UNITED 

PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH 

U.S.A. . 

319 Camden Ol Lexington 

Phone llf-IIH 

William P. lrti«. foster 

Or. William P. Lvlle. Paslor ot Ilic 
MailLsan Snuor« Presbvlerlort Church, vvi.i sceak on "Seeing Is Qellevlr.o11 al Ih.e 
II -o-J a m. Service Easter SundoY. ADCJI 
Ulh. 

NORTHWOOD 

PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH 
= 

511 Pike Plata 

8J4-?n4 
' 

Minliler: Or. Robert M. Bullock 

Associate Minister: 
Rev. JoHn C. Hornby 

Tv.o Services 6:3o and 11:oo o.m. Church schccl 9-4S o m. Sermon: "Itie Llvlno 
Chilsl." • Or. Ou.lotk. 

Nazorene 

FIRST CHURCH OF 

THE NAZARENE 
1111 W. Woodlown, 733 HJO 

Rev. Ronald Axlell 

Suntfoy School, 9:JS o.m. Morning 

Worship. 1o:5o o.ni. Children'! Church, 
IO:iO a ni. N.Y.PS. (Training for all agos5:oo p.m.) Evangelistic Service 6.oo p.m. Wednesday, Prayer Service 7:oo 

Pentecostal 

Methodist 
Churches 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 

111o Texas Avenue 
John. M. BtH, Pastor 

SUNDAY; Sunday Schoal -- 9:-iSa.m.; 

Switfay Morning Wcrsnia — 1o--J5 a m • 
Sunday Evcing Wixsh-p-7:CiJ p.m. 

WEDNESDAY: Oible Slurt/-7 3o o ™ 
FRIDAY: Praise- and Prrachlng— /:JO 

 y.n\. Ofal A Life 737-JOSS (recorded mes- sage) 

Presbyterian 

Churches 

CHRIST PRESBYTERIAN 

CHURCH (Unaffitiated) 

JUO Vance Jackson Rd. 

IV? miles North ol Loop Allan Vance 

Jackson 

R«v.J. Grant McMillan, Paslor 

Chjreh school, 1o:oo a.m. Worship Ser- 

 vices, 11 a.m., 7:o p.m. WUdwceX. Ser- vices, Wednesday, 7:M. 

V/e are ccnservaHve, cvanoelicat and 

 o'jlcnomous, having no connection with ffte HaHonal or Worfd Council o( 
Cliurches. We l-ald lo Itic historic Prcs- byteiiaji belief thai Ihc Dibit; is Ihc Ins- pired V/cud ot God tir.d Ihc only intaH b'e rule of 1ai1h and practice. Our Lliurcli 
Odessa sp:ri'ual h&me to all v/!.od?s're lo hear 
Ihc word a I 
God without 

 compromise. 

CHURCH 

(DiscrlplES of Christ} 

Wcsl Gramcrty at E tm en dart 
(acrosttrcm Wo3dlav>n Clr.) 

17o8 FredPricksbuig Rd. 

Rev. 8.L.Brewn, Senior Minister 
_. ..._ 
..,.....„. ,.JWU11, 

Easier Sur.day Services: Church School, Adult BiD^c Class. IQ:3oMornIng Worship 
9:3o; 8:33 Worship. Sermon "Tr\e Mfgti- 1o;33StirKiaY School. 
Jicsl Miracle1'; 1o;4} VVorshlo. Sermon: 
"Why Seek 1he Living Among 1r-e Deaa*,"* 
Youth Groups will r.ot meel Easter Sun- dov evening 
Tht Rev. Jghn F. Daniels, Reclor 

Trie Rev. Kenneth O.Miltar, 
11(51o 
Assist. Reclor 

HOLY S A T U R D A Y : Lighting of Ihe 
Paschal Fires and Baptisms at 5:oo p.m. 
ConlcSi-^i: 11 o.m. - 12 noon; 5:3o-6:33 p.m. 

EASFtH SUNDAYr 7;45 A.M. lew Moii; 
9:oo AM. Choial Holy furXar-M; 11:oo 
AW, Clioiol HoJy EL'charru- 

FULL GOSPEL 

CHAPEL 

1ooo Dtfick ot So. Prcso SI. 
R*v. Cecil T. Gray, Poslor 

SUNDAY: 9:45 Sundav School; 1o:45 
Morning VJcrsh'o; 7:oo Evening Worshio. 

Non-Denominationol 

TRINITY ASSEMBLY 

CHURCH 

B7iO Fourvrinds Or.— 

Al Ihe Inlersecllon ol Looo 41o 

 or.d IH 3S In WJndcrcsl 

Tele.: tSJ S33S 

Paslai: John C. Hcqec 

"A non (fcnominalional churcl\ where i>eople of ell Tatisti worshlo." 

SCHEDULE Ol SERVICES 

SUNDAY-8:15 9:15 Early V/orshJo Srr- vicc, S:15'9:JD Prayer find Ccrr.mllmenl. v:4S-1o:4S Sunday School. 1o:4o I? neon 
Second WorsrvD Service. 6:oo p.m. Evan- geliili'r Service. 
WEDfJESOAY—Fe'JoAShip Dinner (Hlrsl 
Vrtd. o'. everv monlhl ?:oo p.m. Prayer and Bio:c S!-p(!v 7:J3 p.m. 
THURSOAY-FJtWe Studies. 7:3o p.m. 
MONDAY Ihru r RIDAY-- Radks n^oarj- 

Baptist 

Churches 

RICHMOND AVENUE 

BAPTIST CHURCH 

(Odd 6IJCH Wtll Ol Boplill llolpllal! 

CHURCH 

Wall em al Eastetrest-lS5'7Ul 

(1 miteeait of Rocseven H.rjh School) 

LEE WILSON, 

Minisftr of Educolicn Yotlh 

KErN TURNER, /.luslc DifCcfcr 

9.-ii o m. — n^lo St.d/ tor c I o3 [-s. 
11.oo o m. — WorsJi D Serves 
6:o3o ni.— Su-.c.'av nla^il F'lace 
?:o3o m.— Eve.-.mtjV/crsriD Service 
/ lip m.-v/etfrcsdn/ P/ayer Service 

 ti rsc 
O n (or 
II sr-r ices V M 
• ' < • ' ( ( • 
. 
- 
IS 

• Ceme Grow Wilh U%" 

EISENHAUER ROAD 

BAPTIST 

Ronakt Fel^enniendr. Pallor 

Jcrrv Dlaomheld, 

Mir4ster of Mi,tk & Youlh 

Sunday Sci-oal 
93oA.M. 

 tf.Gti -.g Wcrih-n 
1o. -i A.M. 

V/edncsflny 7:li P M Other troinlna aronpi Incl-idc livr ciialr-s, Hopti-^t 
We men, G.A.'s. Acirc^.s. Mlss'on Tr lerds. 
R A.'s, en AthrcHc Proyrnm. am o Yculh 

Rot) Harnno'cn, the Ouplaln o1 Dour- 
1.o'' Sire ft. will oe uucsl «.ncaktz, ii,n- ikiy. /'P'll t. 1o. 4S i; in. 

FIRST BAPTIST 

CHURCH 

• Only Minutes Away 

 b/ EKpresswav 

 or. jimmy K. HI e , i as or 

Su-idny Servkcs: v:3oam Sw-siinv SthMl 
I t . oo o.m. Morning V/orshiii 

7 o5 n m. Hvcrlng Worship 
7. 15 n.rn. Wcdncidnv mid week icrvlcc 
(flroarrcosfover- KKVX Radio ond KSAT 
ChonncL 12, ll:ooo m. Sunday} 

Tht Oltlcicrct is VJcrih t*c Djjfoncc 

LACKLAND BAPTIST 

CHURCH 

171$ Fronller Or. 

James O. Todd, Pastor 

Jimmy Murdo<k, 

Music & Youth Dlrecfar 
: 

Sv/ndov Services: 
|:JO A.M. Frlsi V/orihin Service 

11 .oo A. fA. Second v;orshin Servke 
4. CO P-'A. Youlh Cho.r 
5:4i P.M. Cfiurch Trol^ ng 
7:oo P.M. E: ven.no V/ors' •» Serv.c* 

Wedncsd^/ Services: 
6.3o P.M. feather's <jrvj Ofhcers' tteel rnfl. AdC«nS. Gt/li In Acl-On. R A.'s ar-.c 
'/mloii Fr/fnds n'.tt). 

7:JO P M. ArMd-Weck Pioye/ Service 
(:)o P.M Sanclunr* CtiO f 

[fJUHSEMY OPtt/ FOR ALL 

SE RVICtS) 

 f.RAOC CHOIRS 
Tu,.-ido*-O:OQ 4:oo I».M Grades 3 4-S 

 iSerjIcnihfr Ihro-joh Anril> 

V^tlucsikiv— J:M J:*i P M. Grfldei 1-? 

ISepremKr Ihrcwh April! 

7^rsdoy-4:oo 5:oo P.M. Grade 6 

JS.r;prenil«r th'GUfl'i AprilJ 
, 

V.sirori welcome. 
' ' 

NORTHRIDGE PARK 

BAPTIST CHURCH 

Chevy Choie and Elsenhower Rd. 

Jamti M. Reid. Poslor 

9 .15 a m. Sunday School (or a'J ooes; 

1o. Si O ni. Mcrn^ng V/orsti-p Scrv.'co. A:oo p.m. Church in T/alnira; 7:oo D m Even- rfio Worship Service. 

7:3o p.m. Wedn«siJnv. Pmvct Service, 

 fJurscrv open tor alt, servlcoi. Vnlfors v,-elccmc. 

PARKHILLS 

BAPTIST 

14315 5an Prdro Ave. 

. Dr. 3o"in D. BarB*e, Patfgr 

SidV/. M.llegan.Educalicn 

Lloyd Gor cla. /Auilc 

:5o A.M. SUI/DAY SCHOOL 

IO:J3 A M. VrORSIElP SERVICE 
5:45 P.y/i. CHRlSriA.'l 1HAIN1NG 
6:^5 P.M EVENING SfJRVICf 1 

 t : 3 Q P. If,. V / E D U E S D A Y P W A Y T R 

SERVICE 

Suneiviserl ru/icr/ ot n'l services. 

SHEARER HILLS 

 r 
BAPTIST 

1 
CHURCH 
&*\ 
491 OBLATE 

 jji±A, i 
Or, Gordon Grof.am, 
4llHr^ 
Patror 

 j^' 
' 
MiTiiler of Musk 

 and Adniiniiiioiion 

SUNDAY: 
9 35 Bltile Sfwlv 

^.4S Yo-.lti Cfo:r 
6:oo/^eml>ers in Training 
7:oo Evening V/orsti![> 

VrfUDNESOAY: 
4:15 Fellowship Svnccr 
7:oo Mid Week Work //J'.sion Ag^illorles 
Youlh Stud/ Grown 
8 15 SanctoaryChClr 

TRINITY BAPTIST 

CHURCH 

J1PE. Mtilnerf/ 

Or, BuctkHir Fanning, Paslcr 

R.F. (Bob) V/ldamai, 

AnocrOfe Paitir 
Dan McLtnefon. 

Minlifer ol Educolton 

Ltroy Yorbrcggh, 

Ounny Murray, 
Minister of Ye- ulh 

ToJIli Bibb, 

Mlr-sler ol Aclivllifs 

J,W, F«rlner, 

Buiiflfti Adrn.nlslrofor 

9:3o n m. Sunday School closers for all 

 nges 
11 :oo o.m. Morning VYorsh'n Service. Dr. 
Buckncr Fanning. 
7:oo n ni. Evening Worship Service. Dr. 
Buckner Fonnlrg 
6:o9 n ni. Dkscusslon ond Dialogue 
Groups. 
Vrtdnesdor, 6.M nrn. Prnver Serylce. 

7:15 p.m. Adi^.f Cf-olr Rehearsal. TJie 

Ch&roK. 
/UenUed nurse fie so pen al all services. 

•[^••Mcmcmcumm^M 
I 

 rU.. ,.(.-. 
• inurches I 
IHRuGamlliH 

CHURCH OF CHRIST 

937 W. Magnoka 

Belween IH lOand US 1*1 

BUIV/>Isan, Minister 

Sammle R. Swirrij 

Bible Choir Dr. 

S.ndoy icrvices: \Vorshic. 1o >] am 

 and 6 D in. RWo Clares. 9:3o o m. Mid- v,eet D We S1ud/. V-'cdncirrav. 7-iQpni 
"A <'.'jrch ncnr lo Ihc hpurl of <an An' tc.iio11 

HARLANDALE 

CHURCH OF CHRIST 

5o7 MayJield 

Mlrtiler, Kurfeel Pulhas 

S'^ndT/: tlibic sludv 

 f classes tor a't r;ges) 
. 9 - 4 5 a m 

'/-arnl.ng service 
1o:Ji a m. 

Evening service 
<,-.w p.m. 

Lrrfl cs1 Oinle Class, FuestTav.. I3:oon ni 

Nursery lor children at a t services 

Olficc phc-:«— J/7-6S66 

Minister's residence- 9 J 7.459 3 

The nutilic Is corcliailv Invited In till 

 serwkr). 

JEFFERSON 

CHURCH OF CHRIST 

7o7 Donaldien Avenue 

73? 41 Oi 

Doi Lvlcs. Minister 

5-Ue C'aiiSC^ 
9 13 A /,' 

V;orshm 
.. . 1o 33 n.m. nnrj ft.i» n.ni! 

^oofh 
. 
. 
S'OO r>.iri 

V/frlnesdny Services . 
. /.JOpm. 

Allended nursery lor nil mcciu-gs. 

MacARTHUR PARK 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
A gio-ft\ROi atlive caigregat.on 

IM7 fJ.E, Leo? 41o nr733i-ii<-3i» 

Deirle Momfnard, tAinMtr 

Sunday: Classes, 9:39 o.nt. (Special 

 clois for young adults). Warship. 1o:3o 

Wednesday: Services, 7:1o n.m. 
AilerwJed nursery al ail services 
"The fcr.d ol vovr search for n Fricntl y 

Church." 

SAN PEDRO 

CHJJRCHOF CHRIST 

111 Jackson Kenir at Son Pedro 

J.v/o«tr«w Da^Mion 

DarrtM Knlghl 

SvTrfJay Services: 
Oih'e Classes: 9:ooo m. 
V/crvtilp nrr vices: 1o:oo a.m.. 6 oo p m 
Wetoesdoy: MM werk se/vlce 7']on m 
Nursery cnendurlna o'l seivlces. 

SUNSET RIDGE 

CHURCH'OF CHRIST 

Rreet al Emporla 

MinislFr: Roy f. Oibo/nt 

Uihle clnsses-t:3o om.; W3nMp Ser- 

 vke l~- 1o: 1o fl rn.ond 6:oo p m. 

Wednesday n*'e C'assts — 1o o m. and 

7:i3 t>.m. AHender] nursery tor all ser- vices AU strvlcet oho In t'gn lnrguog« loi be deaf. 

Nursery provided for o'l servfrcv 

1^^———————^^^^^^^^—- 
L 

Lutheran 1 
Churches 1 

CHRIST LUTHERAN 

CHURCH 

4733 Broadway In Alamo Hg1s. 
• Thp Rev. Harold Meench. 

Firsl Service- 8 Ma nvSurdav Churcli 

Schocl ?:45 a.m. Second Service 11:oo 

CONCORDIA 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 
Illfi Basse Rd.PEMOU 

Rev, Gukia A. Mcf keni. Pastor 

Rev. Thco H. Graalmonn, 

Su~.dav — V/orship iervlcev 8 : 4 5 end 

11:oo a m. lor all aces 9: 5* a.m. 

Christian Day School. Kmrlc/uarten or.d 

GraUfs l-i. 

Ad::ltmerrt:cr%hlnckiis each Sii.-tfav ot 

 v:55 n.m. 

GRACE LUTHERAN 

CHURCH 

Three Blocks Norlh al 1he Alumo 

Pallors: 

M. David Feller 
Henrr J. Ehl*n 

EASTER SUtlDAY. APRIL 14. 19;4. 7,oo n m Sunrise Service w.lh snrckil musk 
I»y|f.ett-olrsof1hr-(i-,urcn; 8. oo?: 3o (j. in 
Eovler hrrakfn<vl server! in the «r!ucn- 
1 onal aurUofi-^m, snonsarril by t've Men ol !l.c Chiirth; t 13 n m. Swnclnv schso'. n^jle classes, cnlechellCfil Instfudions fjr.H Heihel study; 1o:45 a.m. Fes live 

MONDAY, APRIL U,4:3op m.WcnOl Ihc 
Churcli suoner; 7;JO o.m. Men of Ihe 
Church mcdina; /:JO n.m. Evening 
Circle. 
TUESDAY, APRIL 16. 1o:oo «. m. Mcrn^rg 
Circles; 7:oo p ni. Yculh SJiljIc irurJv. 
V/EDIICSDAY. A P R I L I/, 9 ; 4 S O.m. 
Swhl oericd, Toito^td al 1o:oo a.m. bv 
Morning Qtttle sludv; &:3o p.m. Junior 
Cto^r rchcc/rio'; ?J3o p.m. Senior Choir 

THURSDAY, APRIL 18. 9:oo a.m. Concer 
String Group; *:3o a.m. "Fun for 
Tours"; 7; 35 p.m. EveiVng OiWe study. 

HOPE LUTHERAN 

CHURCH (ALC) 

1711 CoVaghon Rd. 

[IbtOtki iou1h Ol lOBP 4|o> 

Riv. Edmund iU In brine, Jr. 

 oxdRrv. Sltphcn Quill, 

8:3o n.m.— Warship; 9:3o a.m.— Adult 
CFuts ond SxjnUov School: 1o:41 n.- 

\titficiv nrovldeil tor both Woritjjn 

^ervKes. 

Holy Conimunlon-Firsl Sumlniy and 

 rwrd SunoViV. 

1 Toslftf Strvfcet will be ttcld of 6;3o i rn., 4:JO a.m. and 1o:45 a.m Sunday 
ScrtcoJ will t;c held rn usool al r JO o m 
CDovi,u<Von t.ill hi altered ol lh»|:»aftd. 
1o 4! n m. urvlcfl*. An Cast*r 5r*oHnjl v^ill he heltfon ihe ro,Mo ol 1tn Ftllovihip 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

METHODIST CHURCH 

51o1 Broadway 824-3115 

Ministers: . 

Dr. CaTvin W. Fraehnor 

The Reverend Harold C. Pcrtfuc 

The Reverend Harry C. Bomberger 

There tvi'i t>o three rrfer.lkul services o/ warship en Easier Sunday, al 8'3o 9'4i and 11:oo am. There will be greul music bv HID Sanctuary a-*d You Hi Cholfi of lite Church, and [ayoui singing uv il,c 

HOW GREAT THOU ART or.d CHRIST 
THE LORD IS RISEN TODAY" will be 
Ihe congregational Jiwims. 
You will also hear 
Ihc great 

HALLELUJAH 
CHORUS &unq by Ihc 

Chair find a Brass Ensemble sound no the nolc of praise and triumph. 
Or. Froehni-r. Senior Pcslcr, ivlll preach ot aTl three scrvkes en- 
EASTER, THE BEST PART! 
Churcli School classes will be conduced r.\ 9:45 a.m. (or o'l aces. Cliird core is provided fcr o;i services. 
The cvcnlno activities Ijr Junior end lefiior Highs vlll be recessed lor Easier 
Sunday, 
A siKCiol invlloHon b exlended lo vcu to cerebrate your (ollh JT Cod on Easier 
Day! Qrfng vou/ Easter weekend visi- tors lo church wilh your 

ALDERSGATE UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

Kavton al Pol me Ho 

Rev, Harold If. Zirk«l. Paslor 

"THE CHU RCH 
Ol- 
THE WARM 

H E A R T " welcomes you- 
Sunday 

StTicrlule: Sunday School or 9:oo A.M. kerning WorshlD, 1o:1S A.M. Evening 
Waritilo, 7:oo P.M. (wild prayer altar and favored hymn ringing.) Wcdoesdav. 
Ct-.oro'cllcs ct-.clr rehearsal al t:33 P.M. 
Chancel cho.r rehearsal at 7:33. 

COLONIAL HILLS UNITED 

METHODIST CHURCH 

5247 Vance Jetk5 en 
[Hariri ot Loop HO) 

Rev. Will tarn M. Eosum, Pusior 

317-J4CI 

SUNDAY: 8:JS A.M. Worsli n; 9 Jb A M 
Church School: 11:oo A fA. worsen; 5 oo 
P.M. Brotherhood Sinners Pror1.ce 
(Youlh]; 6:JO P.M. Ji. ft Sr. u M Y F 
WccHy-nior.lhlv events Include: Shore 
Groups; Adult, YOU Hi ond Children's choirs; (lov 5coutv; McNiodlsl Men; 
U.iiIM bellied i si Womtn; Mothers Duy 
Out Prcgrom (F rirJoy); Alhlelit* In o.»r 

 sijni; Week-day Kindcrgarlen. 

LA TRINIDAD UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

Son Fenonda v Pfcas 

Dr. Rcberlo M. Pedroia, Pastor 

Phone: I}r-o54t 

Poslor's Phone: 724 7»J 

9:3o A.M. Escuda Oomk-ical en ingles v csno-.ol Dorn lr>das lus cdodcs (Su p-~.dnv 

School In English ond SnanKIt (or ull aiesl 1o: SO A M. Cullo (Jtj Adoi-acion 
&LRMOU: " T H L S CONS-ECU EMd AS 
DC 
LA 
R t S U R W L C C I O r l 
DL: 

J E S U C R I S T O " 
( T H R E E 
CO*I- 

&EGUENCES OF THE RL-SUWRLCIION 
OF JESUS CHRIST} - Dr. Rotorlo tA, 
PeoToza. 6:oo P.'A. Sf reunen !oi Grurvos de Mulefes, Varones y Jovones - /:oo 
P.M. Cullo VeMierllno de Elntos.^ FIsp'Cl- lunl, SERMON: "EL SICKIFICADO HE 
LA RESLJRRECCION Dt! CRISTO ' (THE 
SIGNIFICANCE OF THF R H S U R f J E C - 
1ION OF CHRIST] - Rev. Hircrni Al- mlrudis. Jueves Anr i! II, 7:3o P fA. E-.- ludln Blbnlco y Orocion Pro Sanl.fad 
Dlvlna [Ellble Study and Pravcr Pro 
Div^e Hea'ina) • Dr. Pedrnia. 

ST. MATTHEW'S 

UNITED METHODIST 

CHURCH lilt Billfrs Rood 

(UcEween Nacogdocnes 

 cr.d Dioadway) 

Tetepfione<!('iiso 

SUHUAY 

8: JO (i m. Easier Eucharlsl ( l t - c Holy 
CofT-mur.lor*) servkc. 
9.o3 n.m. Si/ficfov School. 
IO:SO a.n. Easter Service of Worshlo 
Including Ilic rile of confirmahcn. 

7;)5B.m StinUny Evcr.'nu service - P-C^. 
Joxk C. Bush. Sr., preaclilna. 
EACH F R I D A Y : A:3o n.in. Molv Coirt- munlon Service inllov;fd by TeMo//sttip txcoVfoit. 

Tr-e Rev. Jock C. Ousli, Sr. 

' Ihe H«v. Tt'-Oinoi R. Dyer. Paslors 

TRAVIS PARK 

UNITED METHODIST 

CHURCH 

23ft Coil Trovll St. 

PASTOR: Or. Rolpti H. SiXer 

Yo-j ore y»ercomt lo Son Antonlo'i Crent 
Downlown Velhoi.il Church totaled In 
Ihi hfad ol Ihe clly (or l?/ veori. Only mlnofts ctwai' by C(pr«n wt>yi ona" 
FREE PARKIHG ocroii 1ti« lUefil a 
Trovii Pork Weil Garaa«. 
V/orstn'r) $ervlcts Coikr Sunday • 8o3 o.rn. orwl 1o:W a m. 
Dr. Seller's message al both Services' 
• 'WHAT DOES IT .MEANT11 

Hosier Qrenkfful - 7:<S • 9:1 S « m. 
Church School Ckijies lor nil aaei n 
9:M a m. 
There will t>e no evening ncllvllle 

Eas'er Surwioy. 
C<xrc nrx) s'ng and nray nnd v^orihl 

.wrllti us os we (elelmite our fn-ll 

 loaeltier. Yo-j will fki<J u hearly v<e1 tone. 

< tfarn\ng lervlct U hroarlcaif ove 

KITE, fJOAM and XCXL, 1Q4.VTM o 
1o;iO a.m. 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 

CHURCH 

North Alamo and Fourth Sli. 

MINISTERS: 

Louis H. Zbiadcn Jr. 

Richard G. Ryan 
William P. Weed 

George Maute 

Mfnisler-EmerMus 
Or. Dess Hieronvmui, 
Oi*sanist-Cho!r Director 

EASTt'K SUHDAV: 4:3o p.m. Breakfast and sunriie worsriip in ihe polio of the 
Yo-Jth Building; 8:3o a.m. and 11 a.m. 
Worship, icrmcn by Mr. iblndcr\: 9;Ji o ni. School o1 ihe Church.; Nursery anU child core rlurlng worship and study 

Religious Science 

CHURCH OF 

TRUTH 

A member cliureli ol Ihe United Church 

 oi Religious Science. Los Angeles, 
California, nublisnrs ol Science ol Mina nx=oo'nie. Sundays: 1o:JS a.m. Service. 
1o:oo a.m. Words pi Ihc Week Class en nie'onhyslcs ar.d araclkal Christianity. 
•1o:o3 a.m. Junior Church Classes oil 
Schcjl g/adcs. Child <are lacllilJes durlnu 
Seivice. Dr. Fred Hanger, Minister 
826-593?. UavetocJge Motel, Dwver ond 
Vi'iila Streels. Courthouse- Square. Dial- 
A.Blessing 823-^581. A warm welcome 
QAQI$IV VO" 5u*day morning. 

United Churches 

THE LITTLE CHURCH 

OF LA VILLITA 

Non-Den eminalional 

5;j VHIitp SI. 

Rev. David W. Edmimdi, 

Pastor 

Sunday Worship Service —11 o m. Sun- 

 day EwerJng Service—6 p.m. 

Wednesday Healing Service end Prayer 

Medina — 7:33 P.m. Thursdov Healing 
Scfvicc-ll:ooa.ni. 

AFFILIATED WITH UNITY SCHOOL OF 
CKRISTIftHITY — SILENT UNITY — 
DAILY WORD MAGAZINE. 
Sunday S e r v F c c s 11:oo a.m. at fc! 
Tronleano Hotel, 11o Lexington SI., 
(Ballroom, 3rd Tioor). Nursery focllilfes supervised. Sunday School (oil school grades) rrccls II a m. Ackj:i Class meets al 9:3o o.m. 
Rev. Norman Olsson, 

M'nlsler. assisted* bv Mrs. Ohion. Office nl Su.'c- 5o7. Ucrth Crown OhJg.. 83o N.E. 
Loon <1o. Houis 1o lo J, Tucidov. Wed- ncicfayfi Thursday. (32J;S6io1. 

Unitarian 

FIRST UNITARIAN 

CHURCH 

Access Hd. 5E Corner 

IH 1o & Loop 41o a! Beryl Road 

ChL-rch SchDo: 
1o:33a.m. 

 r.'.omlrtg icrvtce 
IO:J3o ni. 

•Mni^er: Rev. RolfS Gerhardl. Srrn-.cn- 
I "PHOENIX - A K I W D OF EA5TEH 
| BIRD." 

Church Directory 

For further informollon on churches liiled below—lee ads appearing on Ihii page. 

 firsl Antnbir of God 
83o S.E. WJmiy Di. 

 a Church ol 

Va'Jtf Hi AiunibV 
717 Cedarharst Di 

 tulle HKIi AlKnitJ^ losp 41o il tolelo 

Rithncrd Avcn-je Ba 
MB InhT.ond SI. 

 of Gcd 

65o1 tro 

Itjlnl 

(aillc Hilj FIIII loplin 
!?/o HW.Ui'iloi, Hwy 

Creilriew Icplitr 
Wclien cl [ng!e(re^ 

[hMkBco td. Icplnl 
3)5o [iitrhajtr id. 

Finl Eapliil 

Ititlird Icpliil 
J)I8 Frwlitr Cr. 

 tlit.it lopliil 
UirciOr. atMtiefilh 

Korlfnoil loplnl 
2)3o Iilltri8d 

Noilhiidc Sapliit 
Mo7 Will «vo. 

Koi^ridge Park Bepliir 
CliE(« (hoc end [iitihutr 

Sume! M 
Biees o1 r 

Chriil F 
Iclkupcl Weillmicll 

Tkc Chuck ol Eecorci'icticn 
1(31 Slutietl 

Si. George fpiucpol Chirth v 

6?o< Weil Anr.te ol HJilny Hwy, 

St. Hork'f Eprliccol Chil(h 
3o7 f. Fticn 

Si. rcd'i [piucpol Ch-jnk 

FcllGoiptKkipel l(KW8k(V«ISi. PieitSl. 

Tiinily Aisenily tl» Fcuiwiidi Dr. 

(bill Lclhrioi 
JJifl Breidwov 

Cancordla lulkeran 

 topliil 

HOIS Sen Tldio Ave 

Shearer rUI( SopNil 

319 E. Mclhciir 

Uri<trnV Fnk lipliil 
23o1 Cinciniili 

Cm; Bcpliil lenfli 
1911 lout Id. 

Hjiioihi *»tni! Boilut 
1339 W. Kjhaih, *«. 
Alino Ktijhli (biiilioi 
«(3SlllckK. K«»Brojcf«h 
Ct.iliol (kiiilion 
Mill AVI cl Icncno Pfoio 

WCII'IOHI (hinliin 
17oo fttJuiititirj Id. 
Allitc-xt likk 
12(6! Uhr Ion 
Si(oi<(hunriol 

 g 1 lilkr.op 

Inion Hil (kink ol (kiln 
. 13f W. Mcji.l/o 

 uih t( (dilil 

Crcic Ulh;ia» 
Averse F. cl M<( Jlcugh 

HBBI luilicrin 
5II4Ca'l3)kinliJ. 

McfArlhui Tiik Lulheraa 
!(o3 rlaiojdaihes Id. 

Teoce lulherci 
73IO!l»co». 

 tedtemtr khtioi 
25o7 riedeckkib'jrg Id. 

Skcpkeid ol Ihi Hiili Lulhircn 
(lUrViubcck 

Si. Jaki'f Lilheccn 
SI3 E. Hie<9 SI. 

31 Picl'i lolheion 
.3o! So. freia 

A'erai HiijMi Melhi6it 
51o1 liudroi 

AUiiiccliUoi1edNeihod-.it 
Kiflo.n at Pclnello 

(oloniil rljli 
U.i ltd Uilhcciiil 
Ml Vin« Joihan 

 lo riliKod Uiilid MtlkocVit 
SIB Fiimdo y PIIO) 

 inl Hiithli Uiilict MuMnl 

 liUmoi (kini ol (hiiil 
)o! Owisldim An. 

Hoi Aclfwr NrUkuiih cl (hu 
ISO? H [. t»i 411 

Sin tllll (hjllk ol (rtiitl 
311 liikioo Killii 

SI. JcKn'i U.-rJii Helhoditl 
111 (kuinll Di. 

St. Millhm'i UilKd Mtlhodiil 
Jniliit.nld 
Inrli foil Uciled Miih.od.it 
.23o loillriiii 

17o1 Wilt W»^, 

Ccnllnuid on 7C 

OLL Slates 
Workshop 

•riiollule of the Spirit In Our 
Uvcs," will be the subjK,, of a 
•workshop for nuns Friday hi 
Our Uidy uf ||)G Uiko College. 

Tlic iipeiilnc .sessions will !« 

 cnllileil, "The Spirit In 
•IlcllRlon iiinl Mylhology" and' 
. will l» held iit 7:45 p.m. in the 
COIICRC'S 
M (Ml ju 
Learninfj 
Center. 

Or. David Alulns, a profussnr 

:at Scton Hall University in 
. SmiDi Oraiiuc, N. .1., will lead the workshop. 

Sessions Saturday, April 2o 

 will l>c at o:3o a.m. and 2p.m.' 

A meeting, Sunday, April 21 

 will deal with the subject, "The 
Spirit Blows Where It Wills- 
The 
Transf urination of 
Groups," at 9 a.m. 

The event is open to all nuns 

 of the San Antonio Archdiocese and information may bo ob- tained by eontacliiiK Sister 
Marian Aguilar at 677-8IR1. 

St. George Episcopal 

Tuvya Xurelsky, a former 

 psychulogisl who is a loader of the Jews for Jesus Movement, 

 iwill sprak at a 
• Bible study al 
17:3o p.m. Tiles- 

 in 
I lie 

'church. 

 sky will 

 llay out a trail- ijliomil I'assovcr 
/table for a Seder 

 and explain 

Ihow it relates to Christianity, will teach Iho 

/arclsky 

Xarelsky 

 congregation songs thai relate to the event. 

SI. Paul Lutheran 

An Kaslcr sunrise service 

 will be at 7 a.m. Sunday in the church. An Easier festival ser- vice will he at 9 a.m. in the church. 

Christian Businessmen's 

ComniHlcc 

Maj. Wayne M. Wicker of 

Korl Sam Ilouslun will l>c the 
BJesl speaker at tlie group's monthly meeting at 8 a.m. Sa- turday, April 2o, in Earl Abel's 
Restaurant. 

Our Savior 
Lutheran 

"The .Corixalier.s" from St. 

Cnris- Lutheran High School. 
West St. Paul, Minn., will present a sacred concert a('?:3o p.m. Tuesday in (he church. 

They arc a lU-niemhcr group 

 and will present several tradi- tional hymns on (lipjr program. 

Riverside Baptist 

Dr. 'Clyde ,1. Childers, vice 

 president for development at 
Hardin-Simmons University in 
Abilene, will he the guest speaker al the 11 a.m. service 
Sunday, April 21, in the church. 

 lie will also .speak at nmm 

 dedication services fur the church's new gymnasium and activities building. 

Dr. Uiildcrx was paslnr of 

 the church from 194-1 to Ifllil. 

A dinner will follow the 

 ceremonies and an open house will lie from 2 lo 4 p.m. on the gro nnils. 

Redeemer I.nlhrran 

An I-'aster Sunrise seivice, 

 conducted by the youth of the church, will be held at G:3o a.m. Sunday on the grounds. 

Holy Communion will lie 

 celebrated at the. Ifli.lO a.m service. 

First Baptist 

"Of Time and Klernity," an 

Kaslcr cantata by Mary (,'ald- wcll, will be presenti'd'iit 7:115 p.m. Sunday in Ihc church. • 

The work uses the four 

 seasons of Ihe year to highlight 
Ihe life uf Christ. 

Lillle Church 
OfLaVllllta 

 lister Sunday services will 

 beat !) and II n.m. and o p.m in the church. 

An Kaslcr breakfast will he 

 served following the !) a.m. service. 

Second Baptist 

An Easier sunrise service 

 will he held at 7 a.m. Sunday in the church. 

Another ser- 

 vice will beat 11 

'ia.m. renturing 

[ho blessing of 
Hie babies of the church and 

 throughout llio community. 

Henry Price, 

 an opera tenor, will present an 

"rlcc 
Kiistcr concert 

 at 7 p.m. in the church. 

St. Andrew 
Presbyterian 

The congregation's second 

 annual Kaslcr breakfast will be held al !) a.m. Sunday on grounds. 

The menu will be pancakes, 

 sausage, coffee and organgc juice. Cost will be 75 cents for adults and 4o cents for chil- dren. 

St. Luke's Catholic 

Rev. liocco Pcrone of the 

Paulist Fathers will conclude a renewal week Kaster Sunday in the church. 

He will speak at all Masses. 
Subjects have ranged Iron 

"The 
Kxorcist" lo Culholii 

Pcnlecoslals. ' 
Dr. Zeevi 
To Lead 
Workshops 

Dr. Sliimshon Xeevi, cxecu 

 live director of the Jcwis 
Community Center, will eon duel two workshops at twi d i f f e r e n t conventions llii mom!] 

 lie will present a worksho] 

 entitled, "Leadership Train ing, Kor What?" al the 5811 annual conference of Ihe Na lional Association of Womei 
Deans, Administrators ani 
Counselors in Chicago Sunda through Wednesday. 

Later this month, ho will he 

 featured speaker at the Bier nial Convention of (be Jcwis 
Welfare Board in Clevclam 
Ohio. 

He will conduct a wwkshn 

 on "New Audio -Visual Tecl tuques in Center Progra 
I)i'vi'liipnient Training." 

Concert OK<1 

DALLAS (AP) -- Ml: 

Symphony Orrheslni nmsldn: voted Friday lo play the sc; son's first park concert Sund but refused to commit thiri selves In fnrtlier |»rformnnces 

Son Antonio' EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturday, April 13, 1974 
Pqge 7-C 

Easter Has 
Two Sides 

Dancing 
Children 

Members of Ballet Ninos de San Antonio, strike a pose as they rehearse for their performance at the annual festival for Holy Family Catholic Church at noon 
Sunday, April 21, in Mission County Park. They are left to right Yvonne Ramos, 
Roxonn Rodriguez, Dora Puente.and Patricia Puente. 

He's Carrying the Cross 

Of Jesus 

LOS ANGELES - The Rev. Arthur Blessitt, 

 known as "the man who is carrying the cross of Jesus around the world," figures he's six or eight years away from completing his jour- ney. 

"God willing, one of Ihcse 

 days I'll be coming U|> from 
South America on my way back to Hollywood where I just might lay down my cross and rest." Ihc Rev. Mr. Blessitt said in an interview. 

It was Christmas Day, 1963, 

 that the. Rev. Mr. Blessill, now 
33, began carrying his 12-foot- long, 9o-pound cross and preaching across the country from Hollywood to Washington, 
D.C., in a Irek lliat took him 

 more than six months. 

Afler his cross-country 

 preaching mission, he went back to Hollywood for about a year until August, 1971, when lie resolved to take up his cross again and not lay it down until he had covered Ihc world. 

In Hollywood, llio Rev. Mr. 

 lilcssitt had operated three 
Christian centers, known as 
"His Place," for y o u t h f u l habitues of Ihe Sunset Strip. 

The Hev. Mr. Blessill said he 

 undertook his unusual cross- carrying, strecl-preaching 

 ministry in an atlempt lo imi- tate Jesus Christ Himself, who 
"spent His life ministering on the slrects and sidewalks where [>coi>le were." 

Churches have a legitimate 

 function, he suggested, but liis was a call to minister in par- ticular to the unchurched. 

Why the cross? 
"I carry Ihc cross lo drama- 

 luc Ihe simplicity of the life 
(i«l wants us lo live," he says, 
"and lo identify again Jesus 
Christ' with the streets ami roadsides. 

"That's where Jesus lived. 

That's where He walked. Thai was His home, nol a big, swank church building with a golden cross. 

In all, the Rev. Mr. Blessill 

 estimates he has covered more than !t,(K>n miles in (his country and in England, France, 

Ireland, Spain, Portugal and 
Africa, lie's returning l<? Africa 
.sunn. 

During must of his (ravels, 

Ihe Rev. Mr. Ulessitl is ac- companied by bis wife and four children. As a rule, he starts 

 walking wilh his cross about 6 a.m. each day while his wife ilrivra Die Lamlrover they live in about 25 miles up the road and waifs for him. 

He says Ihc response to his 

 appearances has generally been positive, although he had difficulties in Moslem Africa and was jailed once in Spain and twice in Northern Ireland when he tried lo carry his cross through Catholic-Proteslanl baltlc lines. 

"They knew il was a cross, 

 but they weren't too sure aboul what I was up to, I guess," be says. 

In Morocco, he says he was 

 told il was illegal lo distribute 
Christian Iracls or lo try lo convert 
Moslems. 

 l!y Dr. Jimmy Allen 
Pallor, FJrtt BoplisT Church. San 

Anlonlo 

Despite its bad 

 theology, 
"Jesus 

Christ 
Superstar" 

 caught the poignant, confused love of Mary 
Magdalene with its song, "I Don't Know 
How to Love Him." 

11 depicted the gralilude of 

Ihe fallen woman who had been put back together again by (he touch of Jesus Clirisl. 

II was out of that kind of 

 loyally that Mary Magdalene could not bo lorn away from 
His presence by a crucifixion. 
She stood Ihcrc al the foot of 
Ihe cross. 

II was that kind of loyally 

 thai kepi her from being torn away from an empty tomb. 

The facl that il was emply 

 she could see. What had hap- pened lo Ihe body of Jesus, she had in find oul. She stood there tearfully wailing for somebody 

- who might know. A voice was 

 heard. It was Jesus himself. 

She did nol recognize Him 

 through her tears. She was still on the wrong side of Easter. 

After almost 2,ooo years, torn 

 lives, Iwisled slruclures, un- just conditions, blighted com- munities remain on the wrong side of Easter. 

The Christian faith says that 

God has revealed His intention for the way men relate lo Him lo themselves, and to cacl other in Jesus Christ. 

It says that the power wilt 

 which lo be Iransformed inl< harmony with God and Hi: principles was released in Lin 

The Right 

And Wrong 

 vorld by the resurrected hrisl. II says that there is • lope. 

People on the wrong side of aster often miss the very, 
•rcsence of God, blinded by - 
(heir (ears of self-pity or pain. - 

Through the haze of our' 

 hurling lives a voice is 

 ipeaking, calling our name. It • calls us lo commitment, to hope, lo living as if Ihe king- : 

 dorn were already here while ','• wailing for it lo be culminated. :. 

Men on the right side of 

Kaster work to fashion a world lo bring it inlo harmony with 
His inlention. Mary was not allowed simply lo hug lo her-- self Ihe trulh of His resurrcc- lioo. He told her. "Go, lell it." 

Gospel Singing : 
Meet Slated 

STKPI1ENVILLK (Spl)-The' 

42nd annual Texas State Closnel 
Singing Convention will be held 
Saturday and Sunday, April 2o and 21 in the City Park Audi- torium here. 

Some 1,5oo persons from the 

Southwestern and Southeastern 
U.S. arc expected to attend. 

Further information may be 

 obtained by contacting the 
Chamber of Commerce, Robert 
Cook, manager at 817-965-531:5 or 965-5323. 

Tills ItlCV. MR. KI.KSSITT 

...man on the move 

Military Chaplains 
Plan Convention 

Church 

Directory 

Co.ilmufd from Pg. dC 

 fEril Church'of tho Naiareno 
1418 W. Waodlawn 

Revival Temple' 
131o Texas Avenue 

Chrisl Preibyturinn 

 once Jackson Rd. 

FJrst Presbyterian 
Norlh Alomo and Fourlli Sl>. 

Madiian Square Uniled 
Prcsbytorian 
319 Came/on al loninQton 

Norlhwood Prcsbylorian 
518 Piko Place 

Son Pedro Pfcibyleriun 
16o5Tlmbor OoU 

Church of Trulh 

' Dyor & Villiln Sit. 

Tho llllle Cliurtli of La Vill.la 
5oo Villilo 

First Unilarlan 
I I I I O 4 loop -11o nl.lleryl Rii. 

The 
M i l i t a r y Chaplains 

Association Insliliite for 
1(17-) 

 will be held April 22-25 in Hie 
Hilton I'aliicio Del Hio Hotel. 

 durst speakers will be 

Chaplain Maj. Cen. (icrhiirrll 
W. Ilyiill, chief of 
Army 

 chaplains, Dr. Tom HiiKKiii and liiibbi 
Samuel 
K a r f f of 

Chicago, III. 

Local parlicipanls will 

 include Roman Catholic Arch- bishop Francis Knrey, Uniled jMclhndisI Uishop (). KIIKCIIO 
Slater and Kpiscopal Dishop 
Harold <:. Gosnell. 

Others arc Dr. !hif>li A. 

 lionnleau of Trinity Univer- sity, liabbi Amriiin IVeio, iicv. 
John (!, I.eies and llev. U. 

Dontilas DrackenriilKe, also of 
Trinity Universily. 

II. lioss I'erot will be award- 

 ed Itie association's national award April 2-1. 

DEPRESSED 

CARE 
CALL 

226-4443 

'THOSE OlD STAND-BYS," soli' ond lemon juice, will clean, copper liVe new. Try a Classi- fied Ad for selling idle ilems. 
Call 225-1666 

CONCORDIA LUTHERAN CHURCH 

1826 BASSE ROAD 

INVITI-'.S YOU TO WORSHIP 

7:15 A.M. 

8:45 A.M. 
11:oo A.M. 

CHRIST 

IS 

RISEN' 

Rev. Guido Merkens, Pasior 

EASTER DAY 
MAIKIAHITI-; U. I'AKKI-.ll ClIAI'Kl. 

TRINITY UNIVKUSITY 

MOttNINCi WOUSlllP II A.M. 

HENRY PRICK 

TRINITY UNIVKKSITY / SKA US UOKIHIOK 

MM'iu/vrr, ARTIST 

Tin- Trinity Chapel Choir 

Hrnss C.lioir, 

Sun Anionto Syrnjiliuny OnhrMr.i 

The Public Is Invited 

"MASTER ANI) <;()1)'S 

SEHENDHMTIES" 
Iti'v.Alln-rtMi'niliin 

2 services Sunday 

8:3o a.m. and 1o:5o n.m. 

Nurseries Provided 

Si. John's United 
Methodist Cluiri'h 

 lllClnuilrrofl 

DR. J.D. BARBEE 

PASTOR 

EASTER SUNDAY: 

HEAR: "THE JOSHUA TREE" 

MAT. 28 1-1O 
ACTS 19-11. 

APRIL 17-21. 

REVEREND CHARLES SIMONS 
AND A YOUTH-IED REVIVAL 
WITH 
SINGING 
LED 
BY 

COUEGIAN RICHARD SMITH OF 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS. 

PARKHILLS 

BAPTIST: 

"FUN AND FELLOWSHIP 

CO HAND IN HAND." 

EASTER 

WORSHIP 
SERVICE 

(Non-denominational) 

8:oo A.M. Sunday. April 14 
Scottish Rite Temple 

(Ave. E. at 4th. St.) 

Sponsored by: 

I San Antonio Commandery $7. Knights Templar 

York Rite of Freemasonry 

Preacher: 

The Rev. George E. Stewart. D.D.. 

Associational Missionary, 

San Antonio Baptist Association 

MUSIC 

The Choir of First Baptist Church 

Luke E. Williams, Jr., Director and Soloist 

PUBLIC INVITED 

EVERYONE WELCOME 

ALAMO HEIGHTS METHODIST CHURCH 

51 Olv Broadway - 826-371 5 

Extends a Cordial Invitation for You 

To Worship With Us!! 

Three Identical Morning Services on 
EASTER SUNDAY 
8:3o A.M. 9:45 A.M. 11:oo A.M. 

Dr. Calvin W. Frochncr 
Senior Pastor, Preaching 

 on 

EASTER, THE BEST PART! 

You will also hear Great Music by the Sanctuary 

 and Youth Choirs, accompanied with 

 groat music from Ihe Organ 

 and a Brass Ensemble. 

Bring YOUR EASTER VISITORS wilh You! 

Pooe 8-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

The following 
Churchill 

 a Day 

 of Humiliation, 

Fasting and 

Prayer. And are 

 bringing this 

 message to you. 

Brookhill Baptist 

Church 

431 Utopia 
333-4947 

Poster: Danny j. Niedecken 

Calvary Baptist 

Church 

3ooo N. New Braunfels 

826-1o91 

Poster: Robirl Ralph Aimes 

Castle Hills Baptist 

Church 

222o N.W. Military Dr. 

342-5255 

Poster: Jack R. Taylor 

CHURCH WILL BE 

OPEN ALL DAY, 

COME AND PRAY! 

CALL ANYTIME 

344-43oo 

Gateway Baptist 

Church 

6oo Five Palms Drive 

674-57o3 

Pastor: Dewey Gardner 

Harlandale Baptist 

Church, 52o E. 

Southcross 

923-4361 

Pastor: James Puckelt 

Highland Hills Baptist 

Church 

2751 Southcross 

534-5466 

Pastor: C. Robert Ryan 

Hot Wells Baptist 

Church 

3o1 Hot Wells Blvd. 

534-3338 

Pastor: Thomas W. Clawson 

Lackland Baptist 

Church 

2718 Frontier 

674-27o7 

Pastor: James o. Todd 

Lakeview Baptist 

Church 

4o15 
W. Martin 

433-6193 

Pastor: Ted I. Miles 

Lovera Baptist 

Church 

332 El Monte 

735-7837 

Pastor: Marvin Tucker 

Marshall Baptist 

Church 

66o3 Bluebird Lane 

684-2329 

Pastor: Jim Bowman 

Palm Heights Baptist 

Church 

11o6W. Malone 

o23-84o4 

Pastor: Walter B. Haynie 

Rainbow Hills Baptist 

Church 

1212 Moral 

674-5613 

Pastor: Ronald Fox 

University Park 
Baptist Church 
23o8 Cincinnati! 

433-32o3 

Pastor: Jimes f. McKte 

24 Hour Prayer Vigil 
April 29th and 3oth 

At the Alomo 
IF YOU 
AGREE 

WITH US 

CALL 

342-5255 

Congressional Hecord 

United States 
^* 
, 

 of America 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OB THE O2* CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION 

Vol. 119 
WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2o, 1973 
No, 2o1 

Senate 

SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION 183—''' 

NATIONAL DAY FOR 
HUMLLJA- 

TION. FASTING. AND PRAYER 
Mr. HATFIELD. Mr. President, I send 

 lo Ihc desk a joint resolution. 

The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem- 

 pore: The joint resolution will be stated by title 
/ 

The second assistant legislative clerk 

 read as follow^: t' ft \\ 

A Joint resolution jto proclaim''•Xpri: 3o. 

I87«. u i KatlonnlSDij'lor Humlllnlon 
Fasting, Mid Prayer. ;;.; 
\-_v 
V*| 

Mr. HATFIEUa/jklr. f j?esident/I have 

 sent lo/he desk ofjolnt tesolutiotfwhlch 
Is modeled primarily after a resolution adopted Iri"i8$3;jar>d7-a^ written^by-..- 
Abrahaji;' Llncblb;-^bJEe«iuse I belleve^wc' ' nave beeii living tnroilgh days that try the/soui^of jtheLNaylofi and test the rpsillpnrv 'r\ff thi»!.T?*iWiKli^ u/a".'a».A_ o n 

We are now capaoie o1 destroying most 

 of the world's population In a few mo- ments through the power of nuclear war- fare. We operate on the assumption 

 ment of this need for contrition, which allowi. hum&n compassions to grow. 

There-Is hope for a land and n people 

_-. who have the capacity to recognize their 

 human life Is expendable, and rationalize jf tins and their faults, and turn from them, this axiom o-T the sole basij thai this' '"ftrjpcni'a9ce.,m«ans precisely uhl»—to 

 is what our enemy, believes. so..this miist. ^ turn.the otheKway, la so dolna we rec- beoUrljelwf.e.lso.O4'.^ ]} v 
' " '•' --J-.».-•--i ~..s.--. • 
- 

JVc/erc Ln ijfecd of.-!re)>enlai...r. __ 

 cla^m^or right^ousness.'cas Inrllvlduila, and as'a-Nfttion.''deceive only ourselves.( 
Wo\5hould "remember trie words of'the'-' prophet Amrv;:: *'-••:.'' •'' 

. 
, .^deijiwc your /etuis, and your sol- 

 emn nxsemblics. I will not accept them: nei- ther wilt 1 regard the peace offerings of your 

/at braj(3. Take airay /rom me the noue a/ 

 itrtam. (Amos. 8: 21-3 

., 
.. 
__ th»V past events and present con- gee, pur'c? dlllon3;Canftot be rationiOizea or Ju*U- in;«i</i,i,Ui. fciid; 
;T»thefri' thjiy must bo repealed of. 

BO a whole'newJway can be sought. This la how Individuals and howyour land as a whole cm seek authentic renewal and transformation. So- It Is wiUiHhl* hop* that I commend to the Senate this reso- lution calling for a Day of Humiliation, 
Pasting, and Prayer In our land. \ 

 unanimous con- 

-„...... ah'd .poignant statemen'. 

 written by.RJcliiWTC. Halyefion, pjj- 

. he Aftniy crfjthe' Potomac 

 had eone without pity forJs'.mbhtni. Its 

 il 
- -. 
1 v 
'• • t~ ' national . t«nilm«iit, \ 

 he s«nt the President »not<: V. 
' 

.'^jv-.,,.-:'/ 
V,: •'•">. s '-••''-,' 

 r^,-M.etIecta of a, Nation torn 
.•Preslderil"tineoln did.not appeal 

 to any pretentious iraagoof national sell- 

, righteousness; rather, he called th« N«- 

 llofl-to^repenlenance. He- believed,that" only through-the-acknowledgement of our corporate guilt and confession ol na- tional sins that the country could regain 
Its national purpose and unity. Lincoln recofniieaV'that though the Nation had 

. Prospered, ;*wc have forgotten God." B«-' j caste'the Nation had betrun lo believe 

 rtrtue. Lincoln stated, 

 to huxnbl« 

 be coverkd up In the hope they:wlU-be. forKotten\ even though l{ Is.'.always-! easier to hide our wounds than to_heal/ them. 
\ i I'.";.':;---' 

It Is more comfortable to' believe 'In 

 the- spiritual sVrnbols of righteousness \ presence of evil, tr^ourselves;ind lnjpui/i than to acknowledge the: WeJllyTknct '•! corporate life. Bo wc^bccdrflcriidrplt jyV-' manipulating religious ^mpulses*-in: Olir^ -,.. land to sanclify our national life. 
/ j .,. 

We tend to put our country \)ey_ond the 
~!f, 

 reach of God's Judgment. The words on back of our Great Seal read. "God ffath ordained our undertakings." Our money 
Is emblazoned with "In God We Trust." 
Our leaders solemnly Invoke the name of 
God In their political speeches. We earnestly want U> believe that ours Is 
Ood's chosen land, that we are His chosen people, and that the leaders we have are divinely chosen and glvcrf.sjie- cial wisdom. 
/'••'••'•'••"' 'A 
This Impulse is born out of qiir. pwn\ - 

 lives. We would rather believe thatvwe'I { merit God's blessing than admit that', | we stand under His judgment, andr in ; :beto" th»oit»n(j.d po»*r. v> ccnrrwoufrm- need of His forgiveness. But .however; [j,°J^.IU!l "Jld *° *)"*y tor clcmrnc' "^ ••>'- difflcult it is to admit our sin, thV'evl-, 
> 
'j 

 dence of it Is all around us. In. the per/ ! Today o\ir Nation ha.i r.••<•• upnln b<^n sonal dilemmas of our lives and In'the 
• torn? apart by a crisis from vrhlch there 

 crites that afflict our nation. St.' John 
'•ppears litlle rellel. Ou- refusaJ to nc- 
Vnowledgo our dfjiondence and need for a power beyond ourselves has severely damaged our national soul. I believe that only a national confession of corporate gulll c»n save us from the worship of our own finite power and Ihe tragedies that this worship creates. Therefore, to- day I am introducing a congressional 
Joint resolution calling for a National 
Day of Humlllatirn. Fasting, and Prnyer. 
Tlu's resolution LJ modeled after Ihat declared by Abreham'Lincoln on April 
3o, 1863. and Incorporates much of his original wording. 

I would suggest that April 3o, 1914, 

 be chosen for that day, which would coin- cide with the same date when President 
Lincoln Issued his historic proolamatlr.n. 
Our Government and the other imtllu- lloris of our society would «U cease busi- ness aa usual, as I envision it, so thnt ve aU wnuld be free to consider actions appropriate tc a time that would sym- bolue national repentance. 

It Is my nrrn conrtcllon that a genuine 

 of roiKjhlunce. IntecUng the cll- 

Hl&Lorlans have rx>ln[«l out often ttifc-t 

 condlLloiu vblch lod to UuTf^ju of Ztccism present in our land Ujday^j }f 
,' 

Edward QkbUia gave tiU'^llTD to tb/aub- 

JK( ... 
/,.-,' 
/ 

He wiytj th«t It wtJl-.'.'IinpoMlbl/ to i nprale was lost and 9oo desertions were ..pliiciKomji's freotntHon i ptrmin/nt baoia, reported dally. Any hope Jor an early end '" wUhoul rt'to'lig puwfo ru-tue, nne'ient pnn- ti the hofitiUMis had been vlrtuaUy de- -• '"• '-^ft'* *«?,\ISJ2?SI''^(1 rh° °*fr«£*d "^J" 

 reminds us that— 

// UT refuse to admit that we are sinners, 

 then we lite tn a \LQT\A of illusion and truth tKOmes a stranger to us (J John 1: 18). 

Continued belief In national sclf- 

 rlghtcuusness. theretore. no matter what we aa a nation do. only lends us into greater peril. 

We acknowledge that God requires 

 justice, but we have tended to turn our corporate backs to • the 
Injustices of 

 racism that continues to threaten the very fabric of our society. We condone by our Inaction Inhuman conditions in our cities and rural areas where millions are trapped in ever deepening ruts of poverty. 

We have become gluttons of the 

 world's resources at a time when much of the world does not'know the source of Its next meal. This nation, composing only 6 percent of the world's population, last year consumed 4o percent of all energy used on this planet. 

Many believe thnt our security comes 

 through our materialism, our wealth, anil our grov= nalionnl product. So we. de- epoll our environment and neglect the quality of man's spirit In order lo expand our materialistic eclf-lndulgence. 

 mate of our Nation at all levels, can heal the wounds that presently afflict us. Rec- onciliation of the divisions and animosi- ties that exist amont oar people can oc- cur once there Is a mutual acknowledg- 

 w«||ht of civil society." 
. he.'CltLanV.ot tbe llomui mobile nnt 

»b»n4oc«J •.Uldcrsfal^.'roj^Qn^bllllj to m 
Ubtocntlo afad CTcntuall7 nutocntU; clui 
Kul thea.ttitt clui grtduui; lu«i lu mana 

C. L Sulzbcrger of tbe Neir York Times 

(7/1^o/Tl) cooimentuig on tho ^bo^•» wrot«, 

 when ft country bu become I'loesslvelT pros- perous ind. constqutnUy oifroonQdents hiw oxlendcd IU lutliorllj bcj-onU Ibo rcilm of 

[Imnglno U" trie- followers of Chrlit In Bpoo- 

 tollc dnp had pinned Ihcir luipoi on Rome!) 

Do you h*T« iny hope outilde tbe survival 

 of Ihe US A.? 

 la your religion—It you hive »nr—only i 

 clvu rellRLon which ucpenda on Che aucce^ 
•or » particular nullon? 

Then, u-hftt*ver you c»t] ll. K u nol the. 

 filth of our Uirtl and Siiflor Jcmu Ohrlall 

"Srrk first the Kingdom of f l r a v r n ana Iti 

 rlpJitcoiunoi . . ." (Mttthetr o: 33) 

Cordlfclly, 

RICHIJD C. TlALVn&OIt. 

The 
PRESEDINa OFFICER (Mr. 

CHILES). Does the Senator .wish to have tho resolution referred to committee? 

Mr. HATTTELD. Yes. 
Mr. President. I ask unanimous con- 

Bent that the following Sennton be added a» cosponsors of the Jnlnt resolution; 
Senators Hnoms, RAKK)I.PU, D»An.rrr, 
CmtLS, Fi.MH«, BTIKJIU, AIJ.I». Jami- 
STON. Nun«. DOUENICI. and HANSIK. 

The PRESIDING OFFICER. Wltliout 

 objoctloa It U so ordered. 

Mr. RATFEBLD. Mr. President, how 

 many more minutes do 1 have remain- 
Ing? 

The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen- ator has 1 minutes remaining. 

Mr. HATFIEl.D. Mr. President. I ylvld 

Lhe remainder of my time lo Ihe Senator from Michigan. 

Mr. GRIFFIN. Mr. President. I n-scive the time. 

Tlie PRESIDING OKFICER Under the 

 previous order, the SenaUw from Mary- land Is recognized for not to exceed 15 mlnulca. 

Mr. HATFIKLD. Mr. IVealilrnt. If the 

Senator will yield. I have cleared the following request wtth ttio lendcrslilp. 
I would like to ask for the Immediate conslderaUon of the Joint resolution. 

Will the Stnutor yield for lliat pur- pose? 

Mr/MATHIAS. I am happy to yield. 
Mr. HATFIELD. Mr. President, I ask 

 unanimous consent that the Senate pro- ceed to the consideration of the Joint resolution. 

The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 

CHILES). Without objection. It Is so or- dered and. without objection, the joint resolution will be considered to hare been read the second time, at length. 

The Joint resolution (S.J. Res. 183) 

 was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third lime, and passed. 

The preaiuble was agreed to. 
The joint resolution, with Its preamble, is as follows: 

Whertu, It IB the duty of n>tlons, as Tell 

 as of mea to ow« thcLr dependence upon thft ovftrrullDg power of Cod, to coaicu their tloj and traasgreftsionj. la humbl*. sorrow, yet *ith issurwl hope lhal geciuuu repcnt- 
«U£D viU lead to mercy and pardon, ami to recognize the aubllrno uuth, announced la the Holy Scriptures and proven by oil hL&tory. that thoee nations axe blessed wboso Qod Ls the Lord; and 

\Yhercoff, we know that we hav9 heea tbe 

 reclplenu of the choicest boiuitlcB of Hearen; we have been preserved thi">e many yeara In p««ce and prosperity; we have grown in num- beni, wealth and powL'r tu no other nation boa ever grown; but. we have forgotten Ood; and 

VTnere&s. wo have forgotten tbe gracious 

 hand vhlcli preserved \is In peace, and multi- plied: and eiulcued us; and we hava ralnly 
Imagined, In the decektfiilt:css or our hearts, tbat all these blessings 'tore produced by some superior wisdom anu virtue of our own; and 

Whereas, Intoxicated wllh unbroXcn anc- 

 cee«, we have become loo sclf-surnclent to feel tn« necessity of redeeming! and preserving* grace, too proud to pray to the Ood that xnado \u; and 

Whereas, we have made such an Idol out of 

 our pursuit of "national 5ecurll,y" that W* have forgotten that only God can be the ulti- mate guardian of our true livelihood and safety; and 

WhwTas. w« bave failed to respond, p«r- 

 aonally »"* collectively, with aacr1Ac« and 
UDcomproouaed commitment to tb» unuui nftedj of our feUow man. both at bom*.and abroad: u a people, w* have become ao ab- 
•crbcd into tn* aeinih, punrulu ol pieuur* aod proat tbat we bare blinded ouxselTti to 
Ood'i standard of justice and rlghteouineu for thl* aoclaly; and 

V/bereaa, It therefore behooves u» to hum- bl. ourMlve* before Almighty Ood, to con- fess our national «ln». and lo pray for clem- ency and forglvenesa: Now, therefore b» rt 

 ttciolved 6)r the Senate anil Htnuc ol Hcp- 

 rescntaUvtt of the United States o/ Xmertca tn Conr/reti Auemblct, that the Congreu hereby procltlnu tbat April 3o. 1974 b* a 
National Diy of Humiliation. Fasting and 
Prayer; and c-Hli upon the people of our na- tluu to hiunbl* ourtelTei as we see at before our Cnator to acknowledge our final depend- ence upon Hun and to repent of our national 
&ICI3. 

Mr. HATFIELD. Mr. President, I thank 

 the distinguished majority leader, the distinguished acting minority leader and the Senator from Maryland. 

—NOTE— 

THIS REPRODUCTION OF SEN 

MARK 
HATFIELD'S RESOLUTION 

IS BEING SUPPORTED BY THE 
NATIONAL YOUTH MORITORIUM 
ON INDECENCY, AND AIMING 
FOR CITY-WIDE, STATE-WIDE 
AND NATIONWIDE DISTRIBU- 
TION. A 
STATE-WIDE 
JESUS 

YOUTH 
MUSIC 
FESTIVAL 
IS 

PLANNED 
FOR APRIL 27 IN 

BRACjCENRIDGE PARK, WHICH 
WILL LAST ALL DAY. THE NA- 
TIONAL YOUTH MORITORIUM 
ON INDECENCY IS ALSO ASK- 
ING INTERESTED BUSINESSES TO 
CLOSE, 
AND 
CHURCHES TO 

OPEN ON APRIL 3o, 1974, FOR A 
PERIOD OF HUMILIATION, FAST- 
ING AND PRAYER. 

• NATIONAL COORDINATOR 

IS: 

THE SOLUTION: 
"IF 
MY PEOPLE, WHICH ARE CALLED BY MY NAME, SHALL HUMBLE THEMSELVES, AND PRAY, AND SEEK MY FACE, AND TURN 

FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS; THEN WILL I HEAR FROM HEAVEN, AMD WILL FORGIVE THEIR SINS, AND WILL HEAL THEIR LAND." 
(2 C1IRON 7:14) 

FOR EXTRA COPIES, SEND FIVE CENTS EACH PLUS POSTAGE TO NYMOI, P.O. BOX 48o6, 

THE FOLLOWING 
INDIVIDUALS ARE 

PROCLAIMING APRIL 3o, 1974 A DAY OF 
HUMILIATION, FASTING AND P R A Y E R 
AND ARE BRINGING THIS MESSAGE TO 
YOU. 

Attend the 

Mrs. Henry M. Hunler Sr. 

Praisa The Lord 

Mr. & Mrs. Ruben Quinbor 
Mr. & Mrs. Darwin Bridgcrs 
Mr. & Mrs, Collis Granlham 

R.I. Pallorion Family 
Mrs. Thomas WalthaN 

Robert Pugh 

Mr. & Mrs. Edward Hughes 

BOB HARRINGTON 

CRUSADE 

 at the Convention Center Arena 

SATURDAY Apr. 13 at 7:3o 

^SUNDAY Apr 14 at 7: 3o 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS, 78285. 

THE FOLLOWING 
INDIVIDUALS ARE 

PROCLAIMING APRIL 3o, 1974 A DAY OF 
HUMILIATION, FASTING AND PRAYER 
AND ARE BRINGING THIS MESSAGE TO 
YOU. 

Mr. & Mrs. Frunk Lorillard Jr. 

Mary Dillingtloy—Dallas 

Fred Duncan 

Praise Tho Lord 
Murray Roborti 
Praise The Lord 

Malcolm Milli t. Family 

Praise The Lord 

Morris Todd 
Joyce Mathli 

Kollli McCrary 
Richard Perez 

 s are 
April 3o, 

 lion, Fasting 

 fnd gftyer. And are 

 bringmf ihis message 

 to you. 

Jim Borings, KWIK KOPY 

I2I-584S 

Alleghcney Healing and 

Air 

6o12 Grissom Rd. 

114-3151 

Closed April 3o 

El Ranch Restaurant 
Pearl Weslrup 
532-5291 

Time For Christ, Int. 

228 Broadway 

224-1B&2 

Alive-Kemisfair 

Ralph Turner 224-6367 

Wayne Slater Realtor 
972o Data Point 696-7421 

Initial Litlto Co. 

341-1221 

2oo6 N. W. Military Dr. 

Frank Pope 

Praise the Lord! 

684-7839 

Joe Dean Associates 

222-o861 

Word of, life 
Book Store 

Gibson Shopping Center 

Bandera Road 

Open for Prayer 

Chrome Plate Co. 

828-5559 

Dimensions in 
Christian Living 

341-8o44 

Coiffures DeVille 

365 Landa St. 

New Sraunlels, Texas 625-4311 

Thompson's Dairy Queen 

4223 Blanco Rd. 733-7611 

;rances Kelley's Coiffures 

6oo4 West A»c. 344-9769 

Baptist Book Store 

111 Lexington Avc. 227-2224 

Goad Book Nook 

6928 Miliroiy Dr. West 

674-4991 

Closed April 3o 

Scripture Stall 
. 

26! W«n<ferland Shopping 

Center 

736-2o24 

Kelley's Alena Village 

Beauty Salon 

4521 Blanco 344-6245 

Kelley's Valley View 

Beauty Salon 

8511 Blanco 341-6245 

Claude Howse 

A. B.C. Fire and Safety 

342-9722 

Carl Mitchell 

 aaa Fire Service 

341-4863 

NEEDED: A MILLION 

SIGNATURES 
RESOLUTION 

WHEREAS, WE, THE UHDERS1GHED, iAVIHG B(EH WITNESSES TO THE 
RAPID DECAY IX [HE GEHliAl MOR 
AL, ETHICAL, AMD RELIGIOUS ClI 
MAIE Of OliK COUNTRY: BEING PAR 
IICIIIMLY COKCfDUD AIOU1 HIE 
'ROtlFERAllON 
OP PORNOGRAPHY, 

OFFEHSIVE UKCUACI, AND CORBUP 
IION IN FUBliC OmCE: AKD RECOG- 
NIZING IIIA1 OUt NAI1oNAI COdESE 
HAS SIRAtED FROU IIIAT OF DECEK- 

CV AND lAIFrt, WHICH WAS DUIY 

CIIARIEO 9Y OUR FOUNBIKG FATHEKS 
NEARLY IWO HUNORiO TEARS AGO 
DO HEREBY RESo1VE: 

(I) HUT THOSE HOLDING PUBLIC 

OFFICE SHOUID BE COMPELLED 1o 
CONDUC1 IHfMSElVES LAWFUILY 
IIONESIIY, AND OtCENllY IN ALL 
IHIKGS: 

12) IHAI IHE flOOO Of Po««o- 
GI4PIIIC AND JIATANFLY 
SUGGES- 

11VE IIIERATURE WHICH IS SPREAD- 

ING OVER OUR UNO BE CURIAIIED: 

!3) IHAI THE OFIENSIVE LANGUAGE 
AND 
SUGGESIIVE 
PSOGRAHING 

WHICH IS IIIIUSE INIO OUR HOMES 
VIA IAOIO AKD IlltraON BE If- 
MOVED FROM THE AllViAYS: 

HI 
THAT MOIIOH PIC1URES DESIQ. 

NAIED FOI1AWUY AUDIENCES BE 

FREE OF OFFiNSIYt AND SUGGESIIVi lANGUAGL 

[SJlHATlHdlOlY BIBLEIEMAOi 
AVAIEAIll FOR SIUDY AND DISCUS 
SION IN PUBLIC SCIIOOIS JUST A< 

MAIERIAL ONSAlAFilSM. WIIIIC8AII 
VOODOO. AND OIIKR PHUOOREil 
GIOUS PHILOSOPHY. 

(HOTE): PHASE SIGH AND UAH 1C 
1o HUMAN, NAflONAL (OOBOINA 
1oR, UK N.W. MIIITMY HIGHWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, Tf«AS/8J13 

G L T f O U R O I YOURIRIINDSIOSIGf 

Death Notices 

 m-Dtalfca 

FLY 
MM. o, A. 
MM. o, A. (Mllll* Eckharl) FI»'Vl"if 
HMO* died In Hlndt Tlwidoy llrVl'«IJ 

'^'S 

OJINN.HOROEH FUNERAL HOME 
Hondo, Texas 

:GARZA 

. 
1o. Mrs. Magdalena Urrabnio M 
Minerva Ponce; sister, Mrs Concha 

ThS; tpolt1"' «'• F'an* Floret; 

1o1S W.Morlln 

GAWL1K 
Wallace p. Gowrik, 311 Uonldei SI, 
5°^,'?,°^." '" " Wccl f'<"Bilol Frlflo 
April II, mt at Iheagt oMr years S vlvors: Wilt. Mrs. Mary jl Oawllkr douoMer, Korea Gcwllk; lens, Michael and J(m Gowl.lt; rmrenti, Mr, or.d Mrs 
Frank Gowllk; brolher, Dkk Gowlik; Iwo nitres, oil or Son Anlonlo. Rosory will be roclled In Ihe Dellcrest Chapel Sunday 
April H o1 7:3) p.m. Ser.kdS will he held 
Irom Ihe Deirerest Chapel Mcnflay. flpn 
IS of 1i: ID a.m..followed by Funerol Mass in SI. Benedict's Colhelic Church at 1o-33 a.m. wllh Rev. Ted f.',cr/u!ly os celebrant 
Mr. GOMlik wus Ihe owner ol Ihe W P 
Cowlrtc Eleclric Co. and nad been in'lne electrical conlraclino business lor Ihe past six years. He had Formerly been employed wllh the Cily Public Servlci 
Board lor a period «f 21 years. Trii remains will lie In slate from 11 a.m. Sun day unlil lime ct luneral service Monda1 

 morning. Arrangemer.ls wilh 

BfUrrrat 

3ooo So.W.W. Whil. Bd. 337.<o1] 

1o4—Funeral Dlrcclors 

It-Dealko 

ENNINOS 
-Aj." Mn. nonl. Hi Jinnlnii, ruJri till W. lloullt*. bim in 
HJ»"J Morton, Toot, Jen. I, 
"*• -" HIS, inttrii) reil TBur«. 

 ay, Acril 11, \n< ol |hi ai> ol 71 vtari. 

Memsrlol ier»rcei win tl MM M Alomo 
CMBtls, Sal.riky, April |) at I p.m. wllh 
Rlv Paul Burki cllklallng. Conclgdbii trvlc.i will Icllow In loa Jail Burial ark. Survivors: Sliliri, Mrs, Vrolo lampion, Mn. Ilohl> Albright, belli at 
Waco, Tt.oi, iey«ral nlicis and mthlws and a hosl ol IrHnds In San AntonH.Mri. 
Jennings was a mimbtr of Ihi Bapllil church and hea been a rtsldiat 11 son 
Antonio lor If.e pail u nan. Slrvlcn und«r the direction at Th« Lelon Clrd6 
Fanvllv,. 

?S3-57>1 
N. AUm. il 

Pwter L»riri({ 

 ltd McCvaCmOH 117-Mtl' 

MCLAUGHLIN 
Ji°L<I"- 
M- McLougMIn, age 17, died 

 wedr.esdov. lie was a member ol Jefler. 
Jo" Uniltd Melnedisi Ctxtrcti, Ret. Paslal 
Service Ollicer lir Dallas Regional Ofllce. 
S u r v i v o r s : Wile, Mrs. Caroline E. 
McLangHlln; sons. William Edward 
McLauolilln, Auslln, Thomas Poernei 
McLoushlln, MempMi, Tenn.; brothers 
& i 
!.r' Hcl-aughlln, Harold L 
Mcl.ouo.Wm, Jomss Nalhon McLaughlln oil o San Anlonlo; five grandchildren 
Sf""" "'""loyal 3 o'clock In Ihe Geor glan Chapel ol Ihe Porter Lorlno Mor tuory. Dr. WilLMalhls Dunn Sr. clliclal 
Ing. Pallbearers: Brig. Gen. Roy Calbeer 
Harry Nonken, George Henderson, Horr 
F.lleman. rtoyd Tondre, Sid Molom 
Honorary Pallbearers: Dan Cull 
Clarence Schmidl. Russell While, P&u 
Mahoncy, Carl Dliss, Gene Serene. Beb 
Gordon, all Tp>Os Poslmasters end Posla 
Emplayees aclivc and retired. Ihose w desire may send memcrial gifls ts 1 
Tcias Heart Assoclalion. Inlermenl 
Mission 
Burial 
Pork 
Nor! 

Arra.igpmenls wilh 

Borter Lorinn 

. 
1IOIMeCUa(XKlH227.l)lIt: 

H4—Funeral Directors' 

 tl-Deitiu 
San Antonio, 
Area Deaths 

ETERSON 

Or. Walttr L. Pilirign, Col., 
US Army. R»t., Ill Wranekt, btrn March II, lie), In Fair. 
. . . monh Minn., tnlirid r,ir 

 rt«y, Apr. 11, MM el Ihi »„ of 71 
MrV Mimarlpl lirvkli will >l Olid 
«n(«ir,»pr. il it mi Fen :am Heuiion otlonol Ctmtliry wllh Full Military trwri ol Kilt c.m., wllh «iv. Jonn f. onltli «mcl«tln«. Sunlnri: win, M,,. ilin J. Pilirion, city/ douehl.r, Mn. 
•tir <Kay) CcmTiorow, DavyiHi, n j • 
'"• Of. Wollfr i.PHinn Jr., 41 Son ranilice, Calif,/ ittliri, Mmu. Jmnli tngltoa, Marihctl, Minn., Eitnlr Cout- on, SI. Paul, Minn, and Rulh Palmer, olrnwnt, Mlnn.i brelhtr, Mr. Vernon 
'•(•rion, Falrrnanl. Mlna; and lw« randchlldrin. Dr. P.l.rion wai " enerary number , I Alpha Omega AUho ociely, number cl Amirlccn College ol nrnwss, Amirkoi Mtdkal Anetrallon, r«ai Medkol Aisoclallen, San Anlonto 
Medical Soclely and Tool Thoracic 

 eclilyandwaiareildlnloUanAnltnlo he pail It y«arl. Honorary casket- toren will bi: Oin, Jnm«i8«lhin, aen, lenry Sydinham.Oen. Arlnur lr«ns, c«l. 
Roger Miller, Col. Ralph Mor«. Cot. 
Wayne Hordtnun, Col. Richard Seebacn and Mol. Jonalhon Casiel. Under Ini dlrtcllon of The Lelen Cude Family. 

N. 

RAU 
Mrs. 
Lo-jra M. RtrJ, age 9o, d 424 

 cioverlear, dltd Thursday. ?he wot a rntmber of Redeemer Lurheran Church 
Survivors: Daughter, Mn. Pelrltfc C 
(Leona) OoherTy, Son AnlonFo; shler-ln lo#,Mri.AuMiro Raefienbeck,FI.Smllh 
Ark. Service Monday at n o'clock a 
Redeemer LelFman Churcr>, Ihe Rev 
Eric E. Wagner olUclailng. Those wh desire may send memorial glfls r 
Redeemer Lulheron Church or lo Ihi tharllv ot Ihelr choice. Fellowfng Ihe ler vice here, Mn. Rau will be sent la SI 
Charles, Mluouri, for service o»d Tnter menl \n Emnnuel Lutheran Cemetery 
Arrangements wtlh. 

Porter Lorin^ 

11o1 MtCVLUHKlH 227-1121 

WILLIAMSON 
Keilh Jay Willlamion, 4S3» Lord Rd pasted away In a local t-.oipiral, Thurt dov, April l>, |»74 at tne age or 14 yean 
Survivors; Paienfi, Mi.Tind Mri. W. C 
Gooret; tfsrers, Debra L. Bcnneir, Sa 
Jate, California, Ma reel a Hernandez cily; grondmothir. Mis. OPDI Dyer cily 
Roinry wot recited in St. Benedict 
Colhalic Church, Friday, April 1?, a) 
P.m. Funerol Services will b« held rroi 
51. Benedlel's Cafhodc Cburch Safurda 
April 13 at 3 p.m. wifh Rev. Eugen 
O'Callaghan offfclatlno. The inteimci will follow fn St. Jomes Catholic Cemetei 
En Seguln, Teios. Arrangement wilh 

2ooQ So.W.W. Whit. Rd. 337-4o12 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

AN EVER-PRESENT 

GENTLENESS. 
Porter loring 

M O R T U A R Y 

11o1 McCULLOUGH 227-8221 

Zizlk-Kearns 
Downing-McClaqgherty 

•Funeral Directors u'ticc IS96 

1322 North St. Mary's D 227-22o6 

-"-'ii^TT 

America's finest Funeral Facilities. 

21 1 Brooklyn at No. Alamo 

225-5731 

 jBiirlunru gpS 

[ 
„ j», hi.,. 
(Ihi-niiJ irCitfii 

I mn.in «l«vi. 
( ] luilil l*m»ll 
|) Mivllll 

 r 
^r. 
(.) Cimilii) tufiity 

Addnit 

SonAnlomoEXPRESS-NEWS-Sbturdgy, ApriM3, 1974 

GARCU, Joe, 75, Three tivcrs. Mass at 3 p.m. Satur- lay in Sacred Heart Catholic 
Church, Three Rivers. 

GARZA, Mrs. Oscar E. 
Minerva), 64, of 123 S. Kearny 
II. Mass at 9 a.m. Monday in ian Fernando Cathedral. 

GAWI.1K, Wallace P., 47, of 

332 Leonidcs St. Mass at 1o:3o 
Bicyclist 
Hit, Killed 

A Icon-aged bicyclist Is the 

 city's 28tli traffic fatality of the fear. 

Keith Williamson, 14, son of 

Mrs. 
W.C. Grates, 45M Urd 

M., died Thursday nitfht after his bicycle was hit hy a car. 

Donald Rhodes, 29, of 4426 

Chesapeake St., was charted with involuntary manslaughter, 

 was identified as driver of 

 the car which struck the 

 youth's bicycle. 

The smashup occurred en 

U.S. 
9oE access road near, 

W.WV. Wliitc Road. . 

Rhodes was jailed in lieu of 

 bonds totaling $6o1)o. Officers also filed unlawfully carrying weapons charges after they said they found a pistol in his car. 

Funeral services for .the 

Williamson boy are scheduled for 3 p.m. Saturday, in St. 
Benedict's Catholic Church. 
Burial will follow in St. James 
Catholic Cemetery at Seguin. 

Arrangements arc hy 

Dellcrest Funeral Home. 

In addition to his parents, he 

 is survived by two sisters and a grandmother. • 

Pqg« 

1o2—Card of Thanks 

Memorhim 

 a.m. Monday In.St. Benedict's 
Catholic Church. 

KAMENBKHG, Mrs. Anna, 

93, Houston. Services at 1 p.m. 
Monday in Porler Lorlng Mor- luary. 

JENNINGS, Mrs. Donle.Lee, 

78, of 2ft19 W. Houston St. Ser- vices at I p.m. Saturday in 
Alamo Funeral Home. 

PETERSON, Dr. Waller L., 

Col., USA Ret., of 239 Wyanokc 
Dr. Graveside services at 1o:15 a.m. Monday in Fort Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. 

RAU, Mrs. Laura M., 
DO, of 

424 Clovcrlcaf Ave. Services at 
11 a.m. Monday in Redeemer 
Lutheran Church. 

SCHWERTI.ICH, 
Mrs. 

Robert, 79, Fiorcsville. Mass at 2 p.m. Monday in Sacred 
Heart Catholic Church, Flores- villc. 

SCOTT, Albert W., 74, San 

Marcos. Services at 4 p.m. Sa- turday in Pennington Funeral 
Home, San Marcos. 

SPRADLING, Asa liennle, 

74, Wimberlcy. Services at 11 a.m. Monday in Pennington 
Funeral Home, San Marcos. 

VVA!,DRIP, Huber McCune, 

'85, of Sabinal. Services at 1o a.m. Saturday in Rushing- 
Eslcs Funeral Home, Sabinal. 
Absent Vote 
Call Issued 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

First call lor absentee voting 

 for the May 4 party primaries went out Friday; 

Secretary of State Mark W. 

White Jr. issued a statement alerting Texas voters they can vote absentee beginning Mon- day, April 15. Absentee voting will continue through Tuesday, 
April 3o. 

Absentee voters who expect to 

 be out of their county on election day may vote by personal appearance" inthe county clerk's office. Those who will not be in the county during the absentee voting period or cannot appear to vote absentee' because of sickness, physical disability or 

Vital 

Statistics 

' BIRTHS 
BORNTQ: 

Mr. and Mrs.: 

Re Her to o. Lepti, 3» Ornlcn, girl, 
Alberl Calvlils, j|» Santo Monica, bov. 
ReynoWo R, Trevirw Sr,, iu Craveni, g.rl. 

Robe/I Fforei Jr., 56* Barclay, girl. 
Jeti D. DeHoyoi, 114 Mi mm 11, bay. 
FIMmtna P. OeLo Gana, IH4 Hunler, girl. 

Owlet smllk, im R«2ert, girl, 
Ramlro Raagef, 34) o*o11o, glff. 
Pedro P re dado/ *J7 K Si, gin. 
Tom Mure, »n S. San Be/nordo, bov. 
Juan E. Mock;i, J5J1 San Fernando, 
B.rl. 

Alejandro C. EtTrotfo, I51» Sauce-, girl. 

• Rubin E lisa da, »» Sodlt, bov. 

Ovadakipi EUialdt Jr., no Yen, bov. 
P*tfr» Contrerot, «J Sondmiyer, boy. 
Chorlii iM. Bra*,*, 411o Retfllon*, bfly 
Jockft R, Bontft, i» -v> Potomac, girl. 
FM«1 Bfllron, MIS 5. New Broun! ~ 

 b»y, 

WIIKam W. Thorrpiori, 3U 5. Hgmlllon, 

 boy. 

Manuel Soldlvar, 311 Aiiup, boy. 
Tiaoc Rfld/IflL-ti, 31o Slcntwall, ?frl, 
Roiendo Pojado, 421i Oenevleve 
Iff ne, boy. 

 fledge G. Martinet, 111 E. Elmlrg, 

 boy. 

Jeue GuHerrer, 4o) Andrteki/ girl. 
Raymond Godlet/, M4 Albert, boy no* K, Contreras, 4JS Maton No. J, 

Gilbert Btrmeo, «« City, glrj. 
Prar.k Zovala. 3» /Aonclowo, g\r\ 
Gory L, Hleki, 3J4} fiotoruf, boy. 
Jemtt R. Miller, 7JID pieaianlon Rtf, tfrj. 

 flaynwrvd Her^nder, 2*o1 Treatfwoy, 

Alberl A. Oovllo Jr., l?n Magnet 

Lent1, boy. 

Oovld B. Ruli, J37 Halliday, boy. 
Fro/ik A. CoUok-o, IM2 Texas, girl. 
JlfTi Leal Jr., l|}) v/. Soulherots. girl, 
Daniel B. GcmtHM, ?n Burcham, glrJ. 
Blorn Dyb5a>it, 614 Onl«y Or., boy. 
Fred E. W a c l o w c j y k , an 
Kole 

Schentk, gfrl. 

Felix Villanueva, 1J3J w. Thorain, bov. 
Loiry D. SmMh, <n«'Yellow Roie, 

 boy. 

Jet» A. Ochoa, 141) Winnipeg, olrl, 
Gregorr L. Srr.ih, mi Green Arrei, girl. 

Michael A, H oil ton, 1SIO t. Santinl- 

WOO<1 No. £o5, boy. 

Morvfn C. flfcdtit, Oevint, boy. 
Melvln A. Gral, 11o Lire I/ Dr., boy 
Reno!d W. Burkey, Welmore, girl. 
Evan L. Shilling, V/e,more, girl. 
Frtdelrick K. Donaldion, Us Wesrk- 

 noil, bay. 

Glen O. Post, 5787 Brendo Lane, boy. 
James D. UntferwooO, BWq. 214) FJo 

4)1, Rancfolph AFB, «lrl. 

Steven G. QuaKi, J3M fAll.lary Or. 5V/ 
Ul 4t, girl. 

Manuel Peclno, 7o11 Clear Voirey, girl, 

, MARRIAGE LICENSES ISSUED 

Mr. & MM. Murray Nevcls 

We wish la express our sincere IhonVs to 
Ihe many frlendi end neighbor! who gave 
Ihelr klndnen, iympolhy and beaullful 
(tore) ollerlng during Ihe ttrncnanddwJh, of cur loved onet. 
Mri. Mory Nevcli Slevenson and family, 
Mi. Roiemary E. Ntveli, Mrs. Lee (Tanl 
Htvtli) Howell and Mi, Cindy Newels. 

Den nil Wayne De La Rosa, 4T 

Paschal and Oralia Horlencla Oomin guti, 212 Andrews. 

Leroy P. Elsenhower, 2?H Ackerma 

Rd. and Gitnda Bibb Com, 7S43 s. Sea 
Lane, Apl. 1o7. 

Jat-Jiny Ray Lledecke, Elmeadarf, oatt 

Lucv Barrera, . 

Lecna Dar.ieli, lu'wosle VaUev. 

Mercy Solo VigJ, 3411 Cclimo. 

DIVORCES GRANTED 

Brcwn, Carmen or.d William David 
Tudvk, Susan Dlonne ond Curht Da!< 
Benson, Roily a and Lonnle Ray 
Hehsniec, Lciler JoTin and Mary Ellf 
Clan, Gary and Linda Ann 

 religious 
Belief,, 

 absentee by mail. 

 may vote 

I«—Florists-Flowers"; 
FLOWERS 

FOR EASTER 

~ 
' 

Austin ^5^^^rJy 
. . 6SS-SMS 

 iOW-ttTftamirS 

. n fni;o 

M.E. RODRIGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pr«-Need Arrangcmetil* 
. 
511 Guadalupe St. 

226-6111 

1MO So.W.W. WKile «d. 337.4o13 

Right now is a good time 

 to ask for our booklet. 

It's free. Just phone 

227-3136 

Riebe-Saunders 
§ *,& 
Chapels 

 taJta 1119 N. Si. M«rv'« 

FLOWERS BY JO 
' • 

FI:wtnVn;idll^ywr,(il 

 iiliS.W.iMp4ID 
673-OJ7I 

GEmmLOfisr 
• m-w\ 

•ScyltWiikrbirinoirlbct- 

Sentenciiig Set 

CORPUS CHRISTf (AP) — 

U.S. District Court Judgq Owen 
D. Cox Friday set May 3.as the sentencing date for Duval 
County political boss George B. 
Parr, convicted on eight counts of federal income tax evasion. 

Jotephlne Garcia 

Slcne, ccnnie Sue and Charles Ray 
Marlincr. VTclorla and Raul 
Walker, Rcnald R. and Jv&\k A. 
Basher, Kar*n and Richard L. 
PorUer, Linda Sue and Jamit C. 
Herrero, Jae o. Jr. andTrancei Jeo 
Richer!, Ever«t| A. and Cotherln 

Jean 

Marlin, Tommfc L. and Tfacl Lem 

 mant 

Vckiia.ijez> Emma A. cad Silvlno t/r 

 bfno 
* ' 

Goniatei, Warfo R. and J«e M. 
Tcvar, PairkHi end Maria EiDtronn 
CcldcrgR, Guodalepi G, aftd Jot L, 
Eipkks, DemUiga end Qufrublri ' 

Emmctt, Monha H. ond Fronk E. Ji 
Carvln, Army Louisa and Leal Frank 
Leper, Ttitma Freae apd Miguel 
Berks, Wanda Merit ond Steven L«fr 
Benoetl, Deborah Lynn and Fre 
Gcrtfcn 

Way-of-ihe-Cross Ceremony 

 housands of Roman and foreign worshippers ottendj le outdoor "Via Crucis" (Way-of-the-Cross) ceremony- rida/ night in Rome. The event also was attended by" 
'ope Paul VI. In background is the Arch of Consfafi-; ine.—AP Wirephoto. 
' 

22 South Texans 
\ 

Released on Parole 

EXPRES5-NEV/S CAPITOL BUREAU 
' 

AUSTIN-Twcnty-two South Texans were; 

 released on parole last week, according to th& 
State Board of Pardons and Paroles. 
; 

972 to three years foij 

 mrglary; and Donald Ear\ 
Riggs Jr., sentenced in 1o72 l» hrce years [or sale of ^ dangerous drug. 
" 
• 
J. 

Other parolees 
\ver& 

Lawrence Gonzatts, sentence^ in Comal County in 197.1 to eigli^ years for burglary; Lestei> 
Schmidtzlnsky, sentenced iij 
Kerr County last June lo twcf years for theft of a credit card! and Terry Sansone, sentenced.' in Cameron County in 1971 tcj seven years for burglary. t 

Also paroled were Erasmo 

Cantu Casares, sentenced in 
Hidalgo County in -1972 to five years for burglary, sale an<J possession of marijuana; L. Ci 
Hayes, sentenced in Washing} ton County last May lo twrj years for burglary; and Albert 
James Wright, sentenced in 
Fayeltc County in 1972 to eight years for theft. 
; 

Additional parolees were'' 

Nilda Ramirez Salinas, sen'^ tenced in Brooks County,last 
September to two years.for| burglary of a coin operated^ machine, and Cecil L. Moryani sentenced in Bell County.in" 
1972 to five years for theft anrj driving an auto-without the owner's consent. 
' 

Bcxar countians released 

 were: 

James Edward Tatum, sen- 

.cnced in 1971 to seven years 
[or possession of heroin; 
Marvin E. 
,Toild, sentenced 

 in 197o to 1o years for robbery by assault; Juan Solis, sen- tenced in 197o to five years for robbery hy assault.; 

Raul Cavazos, sentenced in 

1972 tp five years for possession of narcotics; Oralia Martinez 
Gariboy, sentenced in 197o to 

 hl year's for possession of 

 narcotic's; William A. Gomez, sentenceii last August to two years for fraudulent use of a credit card. 

Jorge Luis Barlolomcy, sen 

 tenced in 1972 to four years for possession of heroin; Koy M. 
Bass, sentenced in 1972 to five years for indecent exposure; 
Manuel F. Resendez, sentenced last April to three years for theft; and Elisa Q. Reyna, sen- tenced in 1972 lo five years for possession of narcotics. 

Travis counlians. paroled 

 included Vaughn Smith, sen- tenced in 1D72 to two years for burglary; Lonnie Gene Brcady sentenced in 1971 to eight years for possession of a narcotic 
Donald Bennr.tt, sentenced in 

_ 

HflllSIHDILOWIS 
'fcy il »ilMkwen'1 

HUIO'JHIIVILOIKI 

"Col Ce'iie Fcr YCI.I Fkwm" 

3?6W.J»!iphi.-.i 

?315S.B«kb<ny_ 

~ 
OKMIBWIUCE 

 fkwlrl Fci B'.l CKCUCBS 

Ceil ral folk tWl _ 
3<l-S;il 

Mr »DI5f FIOiTO iKP 

 tlsfrcn 14 IB 
_ 

I.OIUKOHMEFLOI5I 
_ 

SCUIHSIMIlOSlUSHOr" 

•3731* (.'cry o7. 
Vchy-Ui lloll lerfclslirlcio 
DU.SM Sijiiy 

6?«34I 
673 -3871 
6S8-7M4 

Easier Corsages, fresh jlo*ers 12. Hrl.~ 
Sol Horlenda De. Florist 7oi Refcford 
Dr. 
Artificial cod Ircsh 
Easier 

 otra.-.gtmenls. 311-OMS Flowers lor oil occasions. 

HtNIIAl CHAPILI, tNC* 

All NORTH MAIN AVINUI 

226-72o1 

' 
FANNIES FLbW'Eli'SHOp". " 
»l KAYTOH 
51U9I2 

 l<n*f OUAUIY-lswut FBKIi 

IVHrDAYOFTHEYfAll 
ORCHIDS $3.5o up 
CARNATIONS 25< 

-MUM PLANTS $1.98 up 

GLAD 1o1 AS 494 

• r3f<xf l.CciKA Cftfry PrCc» * 
Oefld BlllVli>w|*kliVuIirnrfay 

IVI»yo*YOFIHI 

. FUNERAL HOME 

13o1 S. HOIKS 

JcKn M, Grlmts, Olndtr 

61oo S. Florai 923-y523 

($ak fills 

1o56 Fr.dtfkhb'g Bd. 

696-7111 

SAVE! 
SAVE! 
SAVE- 

 model automatic garage door 

 opener system 

 by ALLIANCE 

PrltsslntluJe 

 lax anrHnilallallon with one Irantmitter 

SPRING 

SALE 

$1595o 

MODEL GS 45o IR 

• PI,AM;TAHY <ii: \u 
• ><> IIKI.T oit i»i I.I,KV 
• A! T(»I.\TI<: LK.IIT < ONTHO1 
• AITOSIATU !.«< KIX<i 

GENIE AC-3o VHP 
' W" ' OI>KH ATK ™ T° AXD 

RADIO CONTROL IS 

COMPLETELY TRANSISTORIZEDl. 

TroniIilorlinJAR-3o Radio Recelminleueplstlio 
AT-3S VHF Tfontitforlietf Transmilleris |»weitd' 

 ilgiml from lti« AT-3S ond otlivom lh» motor on Ihe by low coil 9 Volt ballery that lash about a ycor. 

 gaiai)* d»o< opsntr, Options on 24 VAC (unenf. Solid 
(omts wilh mounting lapis and con be pitted or 

 tase (or longtr component life. Comet wilti antenna, olloxhcd anywTiix lm!J» Ihe tw. II Is encased in 

 mounlmg screwi, and iimpls Inslnjdions.'HiId cmi oyittrwHt«fla![it«;thsoH Irim. 

 loiioralory lestid. 

USE OUR EASY PLAN-3 EQUAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES' 

 your Garage Door Hcodquarfers for 25 fours 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR CO. 

 noons 

$2o5 5o 

13811 SAN PEDRO •wc^?-,^^^. 694-3434 

Have a Happy Easter! 

Poga HVC 
Son AnterMo EXPfcE5S-KlEWS—Saturday," April 13. 1974. 

Blackberry Hill: Old Again 

 makes it a tog house. The logs arc still round in a log cabin." 

'Dog Trot1 

Bonnie and.I referred to 

 another- log house built before 
185o as having a "dog trot." 

".We'have investigated this 

 carefully," Moore said. "This 

 liall between two parts of a' house is not a 'dog trot' but 3 
'dog run.' 

"Pioneers called it a 'dog 

 run.' Sometimes it was called a 
'possum trot.'" 
'.Bordering Haekberry Hill is1 a beautiful rail fence. 

"We built this fence exactly 

 like an 18-18 rail fence pictured 

 in n book of that cru," Mooro' said. 

Few hours have- been more 

 interesting than those at Hack- berry Hilt last Sunday morn- ing- 
- 

Probably the largest 'single 

 restoration project a( Round 
Top is Henkel Square. 

It is in Ihe center of Round 

GRIMM'S 
; your complete professional 

OPEN DAILY 8*3o-6:oo SUNDAY 9:oo 6:oo 

EASTER 

BLOOMlNCj 

POT 

PLANTS 

Shop our large selection and varieties at most reasonable prices.' 

GIFT WRAP AND DEUVIRY AVAILABLE AT SUGHT EXTRA CHA8GF. 

Surprise Mom with a beautiful Easfer 
Hanging Basket from Grimm's. 
Exquisite boskets priced right from $3.47 upl 
1 

57ft Certificates! gl so gy--l^!.-! 

EASTEIl LILIES Makes'Easier . 
~S2.97» 

EASTER CACTUS Red Star Blooms' ....'.'.'."-' .'.'.'."." 'S2.O7 iE9J£\^ VIOLKTS Heavy blooms 
' 
83.47 

Red' White' Pirlk 

Pink, While, Red 
:§2:77^ 

Salmon, Red, Pink, .White 

 i Assorted colors 
_ . . 

FVf«f'iIsf«:*i: T. 
'J L°r^e heods • • ' • : ' • • • • 
Ul/ltalAS Blooming.'. 
] 
. . . . . . 

ZEDIIA'Var: foliage-Yellow bloom ". 
'. 

GROUND COVER SALE 

ALCiEItlAX.IVY.'- 811.97 
VAU. 

S1.97,P 
S4.47uP 
<S2".»76°P 

ENGLISH IVY 
811.97 AM;EUIA.\ IVY . . 

PECAN TREES-SUPER CLOSE-OUT! 
ALL MUST GO!!! 
PRICES SLASHED 

«••«! S- »„ 
NOW S24? •• A i * 

K-I 4 ••><=« 
NOW 57" .MT V 
/ U V7 

»•••• S2J <>ft NOW S1 7" 
ALL SALES FINAlOFF 

BANANA PLANTS 
Lush & green-here now! 
$398to$998 

Plant Now For Quick, 

Rapid Growth 

GIVE A BONSAI FOR CASTER! 
M^1W $A^8 

 r Create your own Bonsai planter. Grfmm's has alt Ihe ncccisarv 
NOW 
%f 

 k 
»__:_n 
: . 
- 
«-' 
. 
. " • 
Bonsai Junipors , 
; 
Reg, $12.Q3 

BONUS SAiJE 
BONITA ARBOR VITAf 

PI fk grepn pv*omidairfeniD-fine Igliaqe qrowlh good fat Sedge o» 
. 

G»3ll panting. 
' 
' ? - 
. 
- Reg. >4.98 SAIE 

A******** VEGETABLE TIME SALE ********** 
Vegetable gardening book*, onlom, tomaloci (many varletlci), peppers (swecl & hoi), brussel sprouts, brecolll, egg plant, watermelon, rhubarb, assorted herbs, el<. 

LARGE STOCK OF VEGETABLE SEED 

Rudy Says: 

 o) 

 ferti'lome 

COMPLEU 
LAWN 

Iron-ize 

Your Lawn! 

Fetd your.fawri the irpn, " ' one! Whtn Uwh turtfs yellow from iron.^eficiericy, this 
Is the coCil heeds. ; ..{, 

4o# 
5o 

 j KBBH!!fl | 

PERMA 
TRIM 

$398 

EDGER 

{WITHOUT A CORD) 

Chemically edge your walk, driveway, patio, foundation. 
No mixing. Free applicator! ferti*lome, 

SAVE! 

 fertHome 

Irresistible 

Yoi/r most effec- tive way to 

 eliminate snails, slugs, pill bugs and sow bugs from founda- 

 tions, flower 

 beds, patios end sidewalks. 

Selling at 1973 Price 

Ccritrol imedi while feeding your Icwn all In one easy operation! Your hwri will take en that deep luxurious green 
(okr at you control hormlul sod wcbworms, wriite grub, ' chiggeis, tkVs, movquitots. 

4o# 

SYSTEMIC 
FUNGICIDE 

SYSTEMIC 
FUNGICIDE 

Recommended by the Rose So- ciety, prevents black spot, pow- dery mildew and flrofl mold. A musl lor beautiful roml 

GRASSES!!! 
BIG SELECTION 
• Sf; AUGUSTINE 
• ZOYZIA 

• TIFF BERMUDA 

BEDDING PLANTS 
Allyiura; loiiutioni, double and single; pilunias, dwail and regular; ir.cp drcgtti and assorted 
<olors garden 

 mums, marigolds, dionthus, 

LADY BANKSIA ROSE 
, 

'Full of yu.rlow btoomi now oil over Son Antonlol Hard/ ovargroon roia, budrflnn and 

 btaamlng tn contaEnors. Branched. • 47 
Reg. 2.98 I gal. , . . NOW I 
Reg- 7.98 2 gal. . 

[HIBISCUS 

15-18" 
J*2L 
2$V'° 
7, 

Rudy sayi: "Heal Heavy Plant* ... Cxteiltinl Ouyl' ' 
' 

• SHEEP MANURE (: 
;)>=,,„«..i;...,.,.i»iin.«. | 

$1 

|Mlr.l 

47 

GRAPES 

 cV. Ciki I 

 luKK 

COUPON IUMIT 

L- REAL PEATMOSSil 

- 

1 
PRIVET HEDGE - 
| 
>••!• ti«iki<. CuV iiFlli 

;' inwii fn itJviif. 
S *I.W 

TREE ROSE 

£ 1-11,1 I V,U.,. ,,„, ,„„» 

S in.51 . 

I:'CpW MANURE ^ 
S r.dll.nl lor llo..r t.i. »'f 

Top and 1ms clglit majnr.build , ings Hnrj several smaller ones: 
'ormiiifi n greiit square. Mrs. 
Charles By bee bits been, the' driving force in Us reslor.ilitm.: 

Buttercups 

What a: siglitTistanding in 

 front, of one of (h^se beautiful old buildings.and looking out across the orange of Ihe Indian paint brush and the pink, of the buttercups' to the. little white church in the far corner. 

The oaks are older than, even 

 the. oldest home that sits 

 among them. And big wild grapevines are entwined with 
(heir limb.s, : 

Henkel Square merits a full 

 story in itself. 

Bonnie and I agree that the 

 single thing in Round Top that interested us most is in the 
Bethlehem Lutheran Cliw'ch. 

This is, tliu famous Wandke 

 pipe organ—made entirely of cedar. All the pipes are hand- carved from cedar. 

The organ—which was 

 dedicated on Jan. 13, 18G7—is still a wonderful organ. We could not slay for (he concert given last Sunday afternoon. 
But it was played briefly for 
Bonnie and me. 

Its tone is unbelievably 

 beautiful. 

Sunday morning we met Uvci 

 of the orgfinists who. have ! played" ' .for, . nethlphom : 

Lutheran—ofteii :on this.or; gan—tliroughMhc, year*'.' 
'. One is.llie ".old" (ir'ganlsl,j 
Mrs. Joliahnb Schulxe, and the other is'the ''(jewV'organist, 
Mrs. 
Roy Kluinp. 

,Mrs: Klump first played the 

 ninrveldiis \Vanclkc' cedar pipcj organ as a girl'ih 19-19. 

Mrs. Schulzo, who is a 

 vigorous .7o, '^earned to. play; the organ from .Mama" when1 she was a little girl. 

1 asked' her1 what (.WAS her 

 favorite song for the cellar or- gan. She apswered almost before I completed Ihe t|iies- lion: 

"What a Friend We Have in 

Jesus." 

This will give you an idea of 

 what sort of town Hound Top is—the 'little home and 

 workshop where Traugotl 
Wandke. .built this organ in Ihe 
186os'is s(i|l standing. 

Oldest Lutheran 
. 

Pastor Ronald Hascley told 

 us about Ihe fine old church. It is believed .to be the oldest 
Lulheran church in.Texas still being used regularly for 

 religions services. 

"They built well in those 

 days," Haseley said. "Here is this church still being used 

Craftsmen 

What beautiful wood! 
.What marvelous crafts- menl Architect Harvin C. 
Moore end Mrs. Mobro havo restored Hackfaerry4 
Hill at Round Top, So in- 
•genious was the method of fitting the logs that if was- both rainproof and impossible to pull aparr 
'without cutting the 

'logs.—Photo by Bonnie 
Carmock. I 

\ 

 after more thiur'lQO years. 

"And beautiful as it is—and 

 solidly as it was built—it cost just J2.4oo." 

Medallion buildings are 

 found wherever you turn in 
Round Top. 

What could be more beautiful 

 than trie tall, Wo-slory house close beside the road entering the town. It ii a shining ivliild,- with -dark green, shiit,lefs and the wavy glass of old in its windows. 
. 
' , 
• 

It is a replica of the homo of 

Carl Siegismund Bauer back in 
Saxony. The home was built back in 1852 for Bauer's daughter and son-in-law. 

Bauer, a stonemason, super- 

 vised the building of 

Bethlehem Church. 

 mildew Problem? 

Our Mildew Cleaning Process 
May Save You From A New 

Paint Job!...And Retard 

Returning Mildew. 
BUD'S HOME CAKE 

Specializing in Minor Repairs 
Puinling-Remodeling-Rooling 

Driveway Cleaning, 

All Home Repair Problems... 
RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAl 

 let us clean Ihe mildew from your home... 

QUICKLY, EFFICIENTLY, CLEAN! 

C E. "BUD" BROWN 

5435 Eclipse Ln. San Antonio 
661-2oo8 

LOOK 

YOUR FUTURE 

Regular savings NOW insures regular income later! 

Few people can retire 

 comfortably on Social Se- curity alone. That's one of the reasons so many wage earners have a S'A'S-A sav- ings account. They know that small amounts, saved regularly, will 'mean big comforts in the years to come. 

Having ready cash "just- 

 in-case" is a good reason to add to your savings account every month. 
Stop by on payday and pay yourself firstl You'll have that proud "money ahead" feeling as S'A-S-A keeps your money safely insured, earning every- day, ready whenever you are. 

ANNUAL 
RATES 

Datcof deposit toctateof 

ANNUAL 

YIELD ' 

5 OCO/ uatcotdeposit tocl.iteof 
« <jno/ 
•<£3/O withdrawn! passbook accounts O«Sj /Q 

9o-day certificate r Q9P/ 
1 minimum »*••** /O 

 f. CfjO/ 
1-ycjrcwtific.it6 
(. T\Ql 
V.JV/o 
$1.ooo minimum O./^/o 

 fl 7^°L M/2-ywrcciiilic.Mi! fi QOO/ 
U./J/O i1,ooo minimum O.yO/r> 

7 ^ft% 4-vo.v certificate 
7 7QO/ 
/.JU/o 
J5 rjoo minimum /•/-'/O 

A substiinliiil penalty is required for c«iily ccnilic.itGsSAfiAaddscontinuoiislvcnmpcmntJcddividenfli that carrv every day your money is here. 

2o off ices, 19 open 1o a.m.- 
6p.m. including Saturdays. 
Home office: 111 Soledad at Commerce 782o5. 225- 
5631. 

For the office nearest 

 you, please see page 59o in the white pages of the phone book, Come in today. 
You're always welcome. 

Isn't there somelhing 

YOU should 

 be saving for! 

I^^^Mt 

Outstanding 
Sales Award 

Joe Finnegan Jr. and his. family are shown receiving awards from D, D. Alley, vice president of Central' 
Distributing 
Co., for 

Finnegan's accomplish- ments during 1973 sales of new homes, equipped with Magic 'Chef built-in ranges, in Broofcshire, live 
Oak, Park Norfh and 

.Roiich/and Hills. Also pic- tured is Finnegan's family 
— his wife Linda and 
.children, left to right, 
Joseph III, Linda Jeanette and James. Each child received from Central Dis- tributing, local area Magic 
Chef wholesaler, a large stuffed Easter bunny. Both 
Finnegan and the firm for which he sells, Flamingo 
Homes, were recipients. 

THESATURQW 

EXPRESS NEWS 

Aprij 13,1974 
P«g* 1-D 

?THE 
GOLDENj 

• New Homes 

• New Apartments 
• New Townhomes 

• Classified 

Real Estate Mobile Homes 

Rentals 

El Dorado Starts Show 

Of 
Homes 

A show of fine homes in El Dorado is on 

 for Easter weekend b^ the reputable building firm of Shepherd and Burris. 

The Shepherd ;ind Burris interest rales; especially. 

The industry standard' 
• 
• 

 inlerest rate of 8Vi per cent neighborhood as colorful as Kl may go down eventually, but Dorado is nearing completion, risine costs to both builders an<5 "lc Shepherd and Burris' and buyers cannot bo stopped, homes in this fine northeastern 

At least 1o per cent increases San Antonio area actually arc 

 in these costs are occurring Parl of a "limited Pdition." each year, and even that is a 
Model IlOIllC 

 firm extends Easter greetings' to all home viewers, along with a bit of useful advice. 

Waiting, Wasting 

"How much money are you 

 losing while waiting to buy a new home?" is the qjiestion 
Shepherd and Burris has a quick answer for. 

And the firm's answer is "a 

 lot." 

Consider the rapid rate of 

 inflation, which applies to (he construction of new homes as well as the production of build- ing materials. 

As time goes by, all prices go 

 up. 

But Shepherd and Burris 

 realizes that tbosc who wait actually arc hoping that 

 something will go down: 

 relatively conservative es- timate. 

So people stand little — if 

 anything at all — to gain by waiting to buy a now home. The time to buy is now; the place, 
El Dni'iidti. 

Nearly Completed 
Another danger of waiting to 

 buy a new home, Shepherd and 
Burris points out, is the loss of a desirable location, such as the one offered by Kl-Uaratln. 

How sad it seems that a 

Kl Dorado is a community 

 so well planned for modern liv- ing that its residents enjoy their own clubhouse, large swini- ming pool und pleasant strolls along the /Wo <M Duriulo. 

Most definitely, there'll 

 never be another KiDormlo. 

A model of "Shepherd and 

Burris homes in 
/•-'/ 

Dorado will highlight the 
Easier weekend showcase. It can be seen at 121o7 Las Nubcs. 

Its handsome, rugged 75 per 

TO 
HOA-ii 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 cent masonry etferJor features composite brick with white trim. 

A driveway winds past its 

 front entrance to the oversized garage with arched windows on the doors. 

The interior is equally 

 elegant, with suclr fine features as luxurious carpeting, or- namental iron fixtures in tiled entry hall, coinparlmcnted liall and master suite baths, equipped kitchen with abun- dant cabinets, formal living and dining areas, large family room and patio. 

All Ibis — and it's only ;ui 

 example of Shepherd and- 
Burris quality built into homes! 

Don't miss out on this 

"Easter parade" of new homes in El Dorath. 

Just drive out Nacogdochcs 

 ftbad north ot Loop 41o or jiist. west of III 35. The Kalus Office for Shepherd and Burris is at 
4718 Camino Dorado. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISFtAY 

WHOLESOME RECREATION OFFERED IN COLORFUL COMMUNITY'OF ELDORADO 
... Shepherd and Burris building firni shotting its homes here this weekend 

Choose your plan. 

Move up today. 

 to get what you're looking for! 

Just come to Bristol Place! 

Bristol Place is just a few minutes from any place in town... less than 5 minutes from Fort Sam, only 1o from downtown and 15 to North Star and Central Park Malls. 

And you're sure to find just what you're looking for in a new 

 home. Fedders central air, Magic Chef kitchens and rich carpet- ing are the basics in these new 3 and 4 bedroom homes, priced from only $22,4oo. Plus a variety of luxury options. 

Bristol Place is a planned community...perfect for families 

 or those who just want a restful atmosphere. Underground utili- ties, sidewalks, street lights and no-through streets provide for maximum safety. 

Come to Bristol Place today and see the lovely model homes 

 on display from 1o a.m. until dark. 

Randolph 

A.F.B. 

RittimanRd. 

BRISTOL 
PLACE 

 rooks A.F.B. 

661-3o77 

Just drive out IH 35 to RittimanRoad and (ollow the signs. 

Move Up to a new Ray 

Ellison Home ... to suit the needs of your growing family or your changing lifestyle. 

Dl 
*> Move into any one of 

• I aH ^faSour modern neigh- 

 borhoods. Then, enjoy your new home worry free while Ray Elli- son Homes rents or leases your present home for you. Nothing could be easier. 

Isn't it time you moved up? 
Come out today! 

Hom«i by Royal Cr«»t and H. P. Ort» Company 

The Traditional 

Ray Ellison Homes has 

 two plans to make moving up easier: 

 ni 
<f 
Move into the Ray 

• Icll! !• Ellison neighborhood 

 of your choice and leave your old-home worries behind. Ray Elli- 

 son Homes will handle all the de- tails of self- ing your old 

 home, leaving 

 you free to 

The Fillmore 

1.1 «U 
I 1 j 

K**n 

The Traditional 

 enjoy the easy living style of your new home. 

Homes. 

\ 

You count. 

 riedriolx 

Pog« 2-o 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974( 

Ellison's Unique Guarantees 

Make Buying Easier 
•/ o i 

ClASSIFHD DISPtAY 
CIASUFIID DISMAY 

THUNDERBIRD 

ESTATES 

Homes by H,P. ORTS 
3o,ooo to 4o,ooo 

IXe b*il « iSfl Nonh Weil, comen'eAl to at «Vooli end popping ten- ten. 7 bkxki Iicm E'e-Tenlory StKiol & HO!T« HigS School, Hi'hcp 
IMflQ whh 73 Wile VMS*-, CKocs* and plan >cur home It TMj.-*d*fbifd 
Ciialet 

684-1386 
OPEN SAT. & SUN. 

1o 'Til DARK 

Vour next move should be into a new Kay 

Ellison home ... for several reasons! A good example is the Ellison Guaranteed Move-Up 
Plan! 

Under this plan you can move 

 iiilo your now Ellison home while the firm itself rents, leases or sells your old home. 
U's Just one of the many ways 
Ellison takes the risk out of home buying! 

The other Ellison "No-Risk" 

 homo ownership plans include; the Guaranteed Trade-In Plan that makes buying a larger home easier as your family grows. Willi (lie Try Before You 
Buy Plan, you can live in your new home and your new com- munity for 3o days at no risk to you. 

Buy-Back 

And Ellison's famous 

Guaranteed Buy-Back Plan means that, if you are trans- ferred from San Antonio within three years of your purchase, 
Ellison will buy back' your home. 

The 
Customers 

CLA 

Service 

IFIED DISPLAY 

John ffiarsfkill ffleadoujs 

NOW is the time to buy a now home. But don't buy until you've seen these extra large new homes in John Marshall Meadows. 
A sought-after northwest location, excellent Northside schools and new homes full of luxury features such as all-electric kitchens, carpeting, central air and even fireplaces! These homes are ready for you today, so come out and view them from 1o a.m. until dark. 

 address 

82o7 Joe DiMaggio 
8215 Joe DiMaggio . 
8238 Joe DiMaggio 
823o Joe DiMaggio 
8226 Joe DiMaggio 
8315 Babe Ruth 
821o Joe DiMaggio 
82o6 Joe DiMaggio 

 bedrooms 

4 
4 
4 
4 
3 
SOLD 

3 
3 
SOLD 

4 

 baths 

2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 

 price 

$35,95o 
$35,25o 
$35,95o 
$35,95o 
$32,95o 

- 
$36,75o 
$35,95o 
$37,75o 

DIRECTIONS: Drive out Bandcra Road north of Loop 41o and turn right on 
EckheH Road. Follow the signs to John 
Marshall Meadows. 

John Marshall Meadows 
ECKHERT 

JOHN 

684-8o25 

ANOTHH VAIUE-FASHIONED COMMUNITY 8V EDGAR VON SCHEELE 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

ALL EXPRESS-NEWS CLASSIFIED 
ADVERTISEMENTS DO IS 
MAKE MONEY FOR YOU! 

Regardless of what you want to buy, sell or lease, 
EXPRESS-NEWS Classified Ads bring you Ihe action you want—FAST! Join the San Anlonians who have proved Ihe EXPRESS-NEWS works best for you—day- in and day out! 

225-1666 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 

Departments assure you that your new home meets the high quality standards set by 
Ellison. And, all this adds up to the added security you get when you buy a Hay Ellison home. 
: 

Plus . . . new Ellison homes 

 are found In well planned com- 
.munllies in the most preferred areas of town. 

, Northeast 

In northeastern San Antonio, 
Camelot and The Glen offer the excellent advantages of 
North East District schools. 
These communities are close lo 
Fort 
Sam 
Houston and 

 expressway convenient to the other military bases, downtown and the shopping malls. 

Complete shopping facilities 

 are in the immediate area and a huge new shopping mall is be- ing constructed right next door at Walzem Road and II! 35. Plus 
... the new Cnmetot Recreation 
Club that includes swimming and tennis. To reach Camcloi 

 ml The Glen, exit from III 
5 at Walzem Road ;md turn ast. 

Northwest 

At the foot of the Texas Mill 

Country is Babcock North. It's ighl in the midst of San An- onio's growth . . . South Texas 
Medical Center, UTSA and 
USAA surround this peaceful area.- 

It's in the Northside School 

District, and there's even an elementary school within Hie community itself. 

The new recreation club is 

 being completed and offers swimming and tennis. Just 
Camelot Units 
Ideally 
Suit 

Spring, Summer 

The fun focus for the Camelot way of life is 

 provided by two swimming pools, cabanas and recreation areas the children love. 

Buy Homes 
At No Risk 
Whatsoever 

 lake IH 1o Northwest to Do 
Zavnla Road and follow the signs. 

Heritage Form is located'in 

 the Norlhsldc School District, loo. Its adjacency to Loop 41o puts the military bases, South- west Research and the malls within easy reach. Yet (he community retains some of the charm of its history as a farm. 
Homeowners may take advan- tage of swimming and tennis within the community. 

Visit 
Heritage Farm by 

 exiting Loop 11o at Marbach 
Road. 

Valley-Hi Area 

Fairwood and Americana 

 are in the Valley-Hi area.;They boast pros proximity to 

Lackland AFB, Wilforrt Hall and Kelly AFB. Complete shopping facilities are in the immediate area. Take Loop 11o 
South to Valley-Hi Drive and follow signs leading the way. 

It) southeastern San Antonio, 
GreenwiiY has leisurely 

 lakeside living. Its own ponds at the entrance, recreation club with swimming and tennis and nearness to Braunig and 
Calaveras lakes make it so. 

Just take IH 37 past Loop 41o 

 and follow the signs'lo Green- 
M'ny. 

Visit one of these Ellison 

 communities this weekend and see Hie lovely furnished models on display. They are open from 
9 a.m. unlit dark daily and from 
11 a.m. until dark Sundays. 

A way of life that emphasizes i 

'amily fun is just the beginning of what Cumclot Apartments lave to offer. 

But it's a good start. 

Sunny Outlook 

Fun begins with a sunny 

 inittonk that the beauty of na- ture can provide. A lovely set- ling, including professionally landscaped grounds, es- 

 tablishes a happy, upbeat mood for outdoor recreation at (he 

 juufloi Apartments. 
From Ibis scllinu of garden- 

 like greenery, step into your beautiful apartment, tastefully and elegantly decorated with dramatic emphasis on warm colors like harvest gold and avocado greon. It's fun to live in an apartment that reflects your own stylish taste! 

You'll also enjoy discovering 

 the many extras your Camclni apartment offers. -All the mnst desired kitchen conveniences arc yours, including f!K elec- trical appliances. 

Another Plus 

Another pins for 
Ihe 

C.amr.lai Apartments is their desirable northeastern loca- tion, close to expressways and shopping centers, and within a 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

.hort distance of fine North 
<"ast District schools. When you ive at Ciinicloi, the whole cily s yours in minutes! And that means you save gasoline and money! 

Find out just how much fun 

 life can be at the Camelot 
Apartments. 
From one- 

 bedroom to thrce-hedroom apartments, Camelut can ac- commodate you and your family. 

Fun living is for all in the 

 family at the Canii'lni Apart mcnls, 811oo Midcrown, just ofl 
Walzcm Road. Come mil ant see. Il's a happy fling that can start lliis spring and last foi months In come! . 

Roof Hues 

A house victimized by the 

 same exterior appearance and design as its neighbor's can gain individuality through the right selection of roofing material. 

 lleavy-lcxlnred asphal 

 shingles in popular earthtoni. shades of hrmvn, olive and gray create a dramatic, three dimensional look Ihal blend! with the hues of the surround ing environment. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

LjiiMiiiiiiiiriiiimmmiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiciiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiliiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 

Real Estate 

Today 

By GUY CHIPMAN, Realtor. 

 iiifiiiiMiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiimiitiiiinu uiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiimiiiiiimi 

BUYING VS. RENTING 

To buy or to rent—that 

 is the question. Bolh hove their ploce. First, renting can bo the answer for- fannilles who knov/ they'll only be in the area for a short time or who prefer not to contend with 

 maintenance. Il's also the only solution for anyone wilh insufficient funds for the down payment on a homo. 

The moin disadvantage 

 of renting is a financial one. 
As living costs rise—so do rents. A lease may protect you temporarily, but when it expires, Iho landlord is fret to increase the ron- t—oven undo/" rent control v/hen justified. 
Rant 

 payment connot bo deducl- 
'od from Income tax as Iho 

 homeowner con deduct real estate taxes and inlerest on the mortgage payments. 

Your best buffer against 

 inflation is to own your own home. You'll also bo 

 pleasantly surprised lo find it also is ono of the best financial investments you over made. Your payments will remain relatively level while your resale 

 vafuo—especially in this orco—will continue to rise. 

824-6395 

If there is anything wo con 

 do lo help you in the field of rool esloto, please phono or drop in at the GUY CHIP- 

MAN CO., REALTORS office closest lo you. Wo'ro hero lo 
.helpl 

'No-Risk' Home Ownership 

Many San Antonians are living comfortably in Ray Ellison homes today because of the Ray Ellison Home's no-risk home ownership plans. All of these make buying easier. Models are open daily from 9 a.m. until dark; Sundays, 11 a.m. until dark. 

^~~^ 
" 
' 
' 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
' 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Unmatched Convenience... at the most reasonable price for complete comfort! 
• 1 or 2 Bedrooms • All Utilities Paid 
• Party Room • Swimming Pool • Draperies 
• Shag Carpeting • Covered Parking 

The Newest Section Is Leasing Nmv-llurry! 

Just behind Northwest 

Shopping Center off 
Fredericksburg Rood 

5 Win. to UTSA-USAA 
1o Min. to Downtown 

All E'eelric 
Kilthc.ii By 

91 1-923 Vance Jackson 
736-oo43 

HcritagePafh 

SAN ANTONIO'S NEWEST 
NORTHSIDE SUBDIVISION 
Estates 

HOMES FROM $38,5oo°° 

BEST BUILDERS 
CHOOSE FROM SAN ANTONIO'S EIGHT 

• CFRTIFIED PROPERTIES 

826-375o 

• DOUG SCRUKH1N 

694-3366 

• JOFFE CONSTRUCTION COMPANY 

223-9486 

• JOHN RAYNOR BUIIDERS, INC. 

694-3494 

• OlMOS HOME BUIIDERS 

344-9271 

• PADGETT HOMES 

696-567o' 

• PRECISION HOMES BY HICKS 

CONSTRUCTION 
341-2538 432-5511 

• TOM MAGNUS HOME BU11DIRS, 

INC. 
694-3882 

 festival 

Now awaitng you in Northrrn Hills, :i gn-.-it now offering i.s being made- this weekend hy ['red Schul/.e Homes. These fine custom licmies :ire designed for ensy living :md gracious emertnininp ... olTrriiij; ihr- ulii- mnte in luxury at affordable prices. Complete \viili ihick, lush carpel the Fred Schulj.e Homes offer excellent flour plan layouts, kitchen buili-ins, extra-large rooms, deconior-designed interior-, and ihr- finest quahiy materials and workmanship. 'AD home.s nre designed fur indoor- ourdoor living. And Fred will be at the new homes from 1o a.m. until dark. Come meet htm and learn first hand whin one of his new homes can mean lo you. 

THESE NEW HOMES ARE OPEN TODAY 

ADDRESS 
4515 Temple Mill 
4519 Temple Hill 
4523 Temple Hill 
UN3o Landmark 
13K2K Kingsbury 
1382ft Kingsbury 
UH.in Kingsbnry 
I.V)o4 Brays Forest 

 nF.DKOOMS 

'•1 
.5 
.1 
1 
3 
3 
1 
4 

BATHS 

2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 

I'KICK 

S3-J,M)o s.ii.snti 

$33,1)11(1 
$.!'), Will 
S37,2im 
S.vi.sno 

3.W.MM) 
$13,31)o 

DIRECTIONS: Orivo north of Loop 41o on 
Nicogdochea Road or 
Perrln-Boitol 4>/i miles to Feothorcrest. 

FRED SCHULZE 

134^4o9^^ 692-1916 
655-5o82 

BUILDER 

Thousand Oaks 
Homes 'Hidden* 
Among Trees 

Thousand Oaks is at home with nature; so 

 are you in a Thousand Oaks Home! Builders here have planned every home to blend'na- turally with the thousands of oaks and green belt areas. 

Trcu-lincU streets meander 

 upinnd down gentle slopes of- fering hrealli-lakini; views iif the ^surrounding countryside. 

Each home has almost every 

• conceivable luxury 

 convenience: built-in 

 bookshelves, wet liars, double- brick fireplaces, exposed beam ceilings, sunken living areas, all-electric kitchens, an abun- 

. dance of clo.scl space, utility 

 rooms, large patios, liaiui- madc ciibincls, paneled dens and much, much mart1. 

Grand Club 

The Thousand Oaks Racquet 

 and 
Swim 
Club offers 

 homeowners here the finest leisure facilities. The oversized clubhouse has several rooms for private parties and coin munily Rel-togethers. 

Youngsters a[.e 

C1ASSIF1ED DISPUY 

 with tliclr own clubhouse. Ten nis arid swirnnifnj: instruction is offered throughout the summer. There is a wading poo) for toddlers. 

Centrally located, Tliousnml 

Oaks is close to all shopping conveniences and business locations. Only five miles from 
Loop "11o and North Slar and 
Central Park Malls. UTSA, 
USAA and the South Texas 
Medical 
Center are jusl 

 minutes uwiiy. 

Randolph AI'B ami olhei 

 lioints of destination arc casilj accossihlp. 

North East District schools 

 serve this community with Ini; service practically at residents doors. 

To reach Thamunul Onlis 

 just drive north from Loop 41 on San Pedro Avenue about fivt miles and follow .signs. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAV 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday, April 13, 1974 
~~ 
- ' 
- 
— ' 

CLASSIFIED OISP1AY 

 fMissiott 

IT'S LIKE LIVING IN A PARK! 

No need to put off the good life . . . models ready for immediate occupancy, featuring: 
• Four distinct life styles - Gordon House, Polio House, 

Cluster House, Villas. 

» Tennis courts, swimming pools, putting greens, 

 playground, lake, clubhouse. 

• More than '/? the community in open space or 

 recreation area. 

• Advantages of home ownership v/irh convenience of 

 apartment living. 

• From $4o,ooo. 

77,2oo Vance Jackson* 696-3711 

Jack Devore, Tommy Adams — Builders 

FINANCED BYn 

FIRST FEDERAL 
Savings & l.oin Association 

 of San Antonro 

Whitehead & Holliday Exclusive Agents 

Beautiful Homes 
Among the Trees! 

Nestled amid graves of 

 nature's loveliest oak 

 trees is an environment 

 so quietly elegant and natural, you'll feel as if 

 you discovered it yourself. 
Come discover. Come see 

Park Forest. Beautiful 

 homes among the trees 

 from $'17,ooo. 

Kitchen Appliances by:. 

GENERAL $> ELECTRIC. 

 creat America investment co. 
At Great America, we accept nolhlng.short of excellence 

Onlyn few minutes out IH1o, 
P<iik!:orcst'sloc.illon Is [(trail 

Trees Galore 
Enhance Home 

Homes in Park Forest, such as the one pictured above, are nestled among stately oak trees in the city's northwestern sector. Park Forest can be found off 
Lockhill-Selma Road between Huebner and Orsinger Drives. 
Park Forest 
Homes Have 
Fine Setting 

Home viewers touring Park Forest always 

 are astounded by the trees on the homesites. 
Many ask, "How was this done?" 

CUSSIFIEDlHSPUy 

Pog« 

 ciAiJWJft Whir" 

3-D 

Morton/Southwest 

 has four 

Great Environments, 

With a price and an 

 interest rate that's right for you. 

Old Farm II 
Valley Forge 
Infoimitlon Center 
655-5931 

Morton/Southwest... 

Concerned with the way you live. 

Morton/Southwest 11612 Perrin Beitel Rd. 

San Antonio, Texas 78217 

^Express/News Want Ads 225-1666= 

Such an attractive setting 

 was put in I'nrk Forest uy 
Mother Nature herself. Tlie 
Lloyd A. Dcnton developing firm did all possible to leave the area as it was. 

Success Seen 

Home shoppers who have 

 loured I'nrk Forest know very well that the Dcnton firm en- joyed remarkable success in keeping the numerous stately oak trees in the northwestern community. 

Note here that these were 

 families searching for 

"homes." And, many ot these found just what they wanted among the magnificent lands- caping in Pnrk Forest. 

The Great America Invest- 

 ment Co. is the exclusive home builder in Park I'nrcst. This in itself rates the firm high, since the developer always lias had a reputation of being particular in choosing builders for any of its areas. 

Without Saying 

It almost goes without say- 

 ing, then, that young I'li 
/•'orr.v/ will enjoy the same 
"great destiny" other Dcnlon areas have known. 

Oroal America is building 

 homes priced from 547,ooo which more Ilian match their magnificent settings in the wooded elegance of l>ark 

Forest. At least <1o different floor plans are being used to allow distinctive designs throughout the subdivision. 

The building firm, which cs- 

 lablishcd a fine reputation in 

CLASSIFIED DISFlAT 

 other recent areas, also wel- comes customers who would want a home custom built ac- cording to individual desires. 

Different Sizes 

Master plans for Park 

Forest homes also call for a wide variety of sizes as well. 

Three-, four- and five- 

 bedroom homes are built or under way by Great America. 
One-story, two-story or split- level designs are applied. 

Although "individualized," 
Park Forest homes do have some common attractions. 
These fine features dcfinilely spell out the best in home building. 

Luxurious carpeting, hand- 

 some and durable tile, top- flight built-in appliances, masonry exteriors and olher desirable items arc included in 
Great America homes. 

Handy Location 

The northwestern location of 
Park Forest has obvious ad- vantages. ( 

Besides scenic trees on 

 nearly each homcsilc, I'ark 
Forest is close to a great number of conveniences. 

Major points of dcslination 

 arc in the easiest driving dis- tances. South Texas Medical 
Center, UTSA an USAA are within Us immediate vicinily. 

The city's finest indoor shop- 

 ping malls also are nearby, as are numerous shopping centers and stores. 

Park 
Forest is located 

 between Orsingcr and Huebnor 
Drives. Its entrance is right off 
Lockhlll-Sclma Road. 

CLASSIFIED DISP1AY 

 e Perfect Blend 

\of City 
\And Country ... 

[Nestled in the beautiful Hill Country terrain 
Inear UTSA, the new USAA, and N.W. Medi- 
Icol Complex. Featuring G.E. air -condition-1 ling and appliances, full brick veneer, walt- 
Ito-wall carpeting, and a host of luxury fea- 
Itures to complement the serene atmosphere. 
[FROM $31,8oo 

IDIIICIIONS. N«ih on m 1o i 
| DaEovala Rd., Ihin rF^M. 

MODELS OPEN 

 uniuersiti oaks 

696-8271 

SAT. 1o A M - 7 PM 

SUN. 1 PM - 7 PM [«T^SD 

CENfMLI 
)ELECTRIC] 

APARTMENTS 

AGREAT PLACE FOR 

FAMILY LIVING 

Bring your chi'dfen and your !ovo for teal living la Cannelc! Aparlmenls. Fun for a5 including year round swimming, spacious play areas, and club rooms. 
Cametct Aparlmenls are jusl wa'king distance from superb schoo's. ctii'd care center, enlerlainmenl and shop- p>xj center. Near Fort Sam Houston and Flandolph AFB. 

Wide seteciion ol apartments including 
1.2and3bedroomswilhmanyijniquB features. Seo ihem al 
8ooo Midcrown 
OIlWalzemRoad 
Or Call 
655-881o 
Office Open 9-6 Dally 1 -6 Sunday 

APARTMENTCOMMUN1TIES BV RAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENTS.INC. 

W«di of Shonnc—1 WOi Miiifon Wood 

G E N E R A L &l ELECTRIC 

University Ooks-IJ«7 SYRACUSI 

134o7 Sjrit 
Ph. 696-91o1 

Salet office 
453IC»pr««Wi»di 

. 692-1o76 

Sat. 1o a.m. until 7 p.m. 

Sun. 1 p.m. until 7 p.m. 

The time to buy a new home is now 

Save Your 
Tax Dollars 

Transfer the value of your dollars into something of longer-lasting value—like a 

Smith's 

Better Built 

Home 

Rental payments just go down the drain, leaving you nothing to show 'for your money. Buying a home is a solid investment, especially in times of inflation; it allows you to build up equity and to gain favorable tax advan- tages. lock-in your housing payment now—it can never go up. 
Jin-tit in a new home uoiu . . . 
It just ma its Hint, 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

CUHIfHO MSfUY 

NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO MOVE TO 

FROM bTcibcochr 
^ m north $114 

APARTMENTS 

Good Family Living at Low Cost 

6542 Spring Branch 

Near Medical Center, Hext to 
Elementary School and Laundry 

Spacious Rooms 

1 & 2 BEDROOMS 

FOR INFORMATION GALL: 

One Bedroom 

TAKE IH 1o 

VIA DE ZAVALA ROAD 

Babcock"^ 

North 

Apartment Communities by Ray Ellison Developments, Inc. 

Express/News Want Ads 225-1666= 

Turtle Creek 
Village Condos 

 located in a beautiful, tree-filled area, is 
Turtle 

Creek Village, 
Here is 

 truly relaxed, carefree liv- ing that condominiums are noted for. These ore all two-bedroom, two-bath condominiums priced at 
$34,2oo. Each boasts luxury features such as rich carpeting, wet bars, mar- ble vanities and washer- dryer connections. 

I 

Condominiums in Turtle Creek 

Village Beckoning 

The newest of the Zachry Properties con- 

 dominium communities — Turtle Creek 
Village— is secluded in a richly endowed natural setting in northwest San Antonio. 

Hera you'll find large oak 

 trees shading the community's own private swimming pool and exclusive clubhouse. It's a lovely hilltop sotting, very 

CLASSIFIED DISPIAV 

WHEN YOU BUY A MORAN 

PROPERTIES HOME . . . YOU JUST MADE MONEY! 

MORAN HOMES are priced 1o low for all of the extra quality buifr info them that their increases every day. Come see why a MORAN 
HOME Is an outstanding Investment for your living dollars. 

MORAN 

PROPERTIES, INC. 

RANDOLPH VALLEY SUBDIVISION 

SALES OFFICE - 3o7 ROYAL 

$27,5oo—$3o,5oo 

LOW /y,% INTEREST EXPIRES MAY 1 

Valley 

Subdivision 

ESTATE UVING AT ITS FINEST 

ALI-EIECTRIC KITCHENS BY 

G E N E R A L * ' " 

VA-NO DOWN • CONVEN1IONAI ONLY 5% DOWN 
• IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 
• All 'A MASONRY WITH FIREPLACfS 
• INTERCOMS 
• G.I. SELF CLEANING OVEN, DISHWASHER 
• AIR CONDITIONING 
• WAIL TO WAIL CARPETING THROUGHOUT 
• CATHEDRAL BEAMED CEILINGS 
• SUNKEN—"ROMAN" — SHOWERS 
• FINISHED TWO CAR GARAGES 
• PROFESSIONALLY DECORATED—COLOR 
• IOW TAXES 

ALL THIS FOR UNDER $3o,ooo 

- E L E C T R I C 
BY MORAN PROPERTIES 

CON t 

*o 

M-l 
2 
$ 

VERSE 

T.M. 78 

SCI 

. 
5ALIS 

< 
OFFICE i a 

JUD5oN 
SCHOOL 

 lAEFER RD. 

RAFB 

>• 

> 

RANDOIPH 
VAUEY SUBDIVISION 

658-8367 

 restful and very beautiful . . . just perfect for relaxed carefree condominium living. 

Each condominium has two 

 bedrooms and two baths, and is on one level. Each floor plan boasts extra-spacious rooms anil plenty of storage space. 

Sheer Elegance 

Turtle Creek i'illngc con- 

 dominiums art1 sheer elegance. 
Luxurious carpeting 

 throughout, central air, wet bars and marble vanities are just a few of the appointments you will find in each of the beautifully decorated interiors. 

Naturally, there's 

 convenience! Frigitlaire all- electric kitchens feature self- cleaning ovens, hoods, dish- washers, waste disposers and 
•trash compactors. A pantry and wnslicridryor connections also are included. Covered parking is another bonus. 

Private, Restful 

With the purchase of a 
Turtle Creek Village con- dominium, you also receive a free membership to Turtle 
Creek Country Club. However, this offer is only for a limited time. 

CLASSIFIED o IS PI AY 

,;' 
In the hills of northwest San Antonio, amidst the benutiful oak trees, a new way of 

 life awaits you. The continental concept of relaxed living can he yours in a Turtle Creek 

: 
Villarje condominiuml A very private community, designed around your particular desires. 

/' 
A beautiful swimming pool adorned with many lovnly trees and nn exclusive clubhouse. 

/; 
Elegant 2 bedroom, 2 bath condominiums in sincjle-level floor plans. Luxurious carpctinn and 

V. wet bars In exquisitely decorated interiors. Truly spacious rooms and 

:.. lots of storage space. Ali-electric kitchens, washer-dryer connections and 

 covered parking. Norlliside schools including an elementary school within 

; walking distance. \ most convenient location, you're just 2 minutes from Colonies 

•• . 
North Mall and ill 1o. Free membership to Turtle Creek Country Club..hut for a 

;•:'. limited time only! Ail this...only $34,2oo! r: Immediate occupancy is available. De sure 
...to ask ahout our Trade-Up Plan. Come to Turtle 
•: Greek Village today and see our beautiful fur- hilshed model. We're open from 1o a.m. until 
!.-dark dally and from J p.m. until dark Sundays. 
I'jto reach Turtle Creek Village, turn from Colony Drive, 
.' soulh on Powhatan, then lum cast of Turtle Creek Drive. 

Townhomes 
Condominiums 

Although 
Turtle 
Creek 

 t'illngc is a very private and reslfiil community, it's most convenient. It's a mere two minutes from Colonies North 
Mall and N.W. II! 1o makes anyplace in town easily acces- sible. When USAA is compet- ed, il «ill be less than five minutes away; UTSA, less than 
1o. 

Northside District schools 

 serve the area. An elementary school is within walking dis- tance. 

These condominiums are 

 priced at $34,2oo, and are available for occupancy right now. 
Visit 
Tunic Creek 

Village this weekend. The beautiful furnished model is open daily from 1C aim. until dark; Sundays, 1 p.m. until dark. 

Tunic Creek l''illngc. can he 

 reached by turning from Colony 
Drive south on Powhalan and then east ontn Turtle Creek 
Drive. 

• CLASSIFIED DISPIAV 

CIASSIFIEO DISPIAT 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

From Boredom to excitement 

 the start of a career in real estate 
In three shoit weeks • bcjjnninB April 29 • you mly obltin a full 9o hourj ot classroom instruction • the compile cd-Jts- tional requirements for a real estate brokers liLense approved by the Texas Real Estate Commission. 

Tlrcse daytime classes offer a rare opportunity lo prepare for a new, exciting, lucrative career. 

Rejislcr now by phone. Call registrar loday 736-2o75 
Discount for early enrollment. 

Rmerican College of Real Estate 

31o E. Alhby • Sen Anlonio, Trial. 78212 

A Thousand Reasons 

In Thousand Oaks. 

Reason No. 324: 

...2 little acorns 

 from 2 little acorns, came the more than 1,ooo big, beautiful oak trees of Thousand Oaks. When you live in Thousand Oaks, these oak trees are a part of your life. They shade your already- exquisite new home and create a lovely view of the surrounding countryside. Ail together they form one of the most beautiful natural communities anywhere in San Antonio. 
Now this luxurious environment can be yours. 5 leading builders arc presenting their finest new homes in Thousand Oaks. New homes with all the luxury features you could ask for and more. 
• All-brick fireplacesBDeamed catiiedral ceilings kitchens • Sunken living areas BBuilt-in wot bars • Utility rooms • Patios.'Come to Thousand Oaks today and see what 2 little acorns started. New homes are open from 1o a.m. until dark. 
Builders: 
Great American Investment Corporation, M. A. Scholl Enterprises, 
Clinton Weilbacher, Olmos Home Builders and Chaparral Homes ' 

North on San Pedro 
55io Miles From Loop 41o 

THOUSAND 

OAKS 

Spring Festival 
Of Fine Homes 
Still Under Way 

What belter time.to'look for a new home ban spring? Ah, springt When young men's fancies turn to love! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Saturday, April 13, 1974 

 liuililur Krcd Sclmlze knows 

 lllis, :in<l is currently pro.scnl- 
)"R a tyri/i/,' l-'uslii-nl nf new homes in Nanism Ililh. 

Now llii-cc- 
;uu] four- 

 tacit-nun], two-lialli hoinrs arc priced from $33,(M1o li> $43,fl(X). 
These lovi-tii-s c;m lie found in 
Northern Hills on Temple Hill, 
I.iinilmitrk, KiiiKsljury and 
Hr;iys Kuresl. 

Luxury Features 

Kiich home li;is ;ill the luxury 

 fenlni'es you wtnilcl exited, mid many that will surprise yim, tun. Onlral air ;in<l heat, lush ciii|)etinn, all-elCL'lric kitchens and, of course, the finest 

(inalily ED inlo racli and every 
Fred Scliul/p hiiine. 

"ciASSIflED DlSPIVf 

Northern Hills I [self has 

 features worthy ot a tyring 

Festival of new homes! 

Located in (he preferred, reslinious northeastern part of 

.Sun Antonio, the community is dose to many major points of destination, including Ran- dolph Al'H, indoor shopping malls and an almost endless list of entertainment and recrea- tional sjrats. 

Nnrilifrn Hills also lias'its 

 osvii jjolf course and clubhouse. 

Visit Northern Hills and 

 lake a lour of these heantiful new homes. You'll lie surprised at (lie prices. You would expect 
In pay much, much more for homes of this size and quality! 

ONIC OF SKVKKAL HOMKS FKATIJKICI) IN 'SI'KING MISTIVAL' 

. . NortlH-rii.llillx in Kiln fur Imililur I'ruil Sr.linlza' 

THIS WKKKKiXI) 

ClASSIFIED'ciSflAr 
ClASSimO DISMAY 

A Symbol of Elegance 
Christopher Hill 
Condominiums 

 corner of N. New Draunfcls and (;rnnclvlew I'l. 
Aliiinn llclgliia. Jusl-complclcd lownhouses, 2-3 liFdrnoiii, a'/i Imtlis, privnlc gurdcns, awimmina jinnl. Fully nirprlcd and draped, all. General Klcc- 
Iric kilchcna with wnshtr-drycm only 5 Ipfi. 

 to 837,5oo 

OPEN HOUSE 
Siilunlny, 1-5 |>.m. l Carnlyn (iraluuii, Realtors 

6-S3 19 

Cl~ASSIFIEO DISPLAY 

MORTGAGE BANKING 

DEPARTMENT 

Con 
'onvontionnl Mortgages. FHA/VA all programs. 
Construction loana, Subdivision & Land loans 

All types iucomo property financing 

•=J 
SilllAlllllllillliilllk 

'••"" iri'rnsl 
S 

MKMDEH F.D.rc. 

715 NAVAHHO AT PECAN STREET 

I*. O. I1OX 1U2B . KAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 7fl2IM 

PHONE m 12) aar.r.isi 

Mission 
Trace 

^Mythological' 
For These Times 

Mythology never knew a place like Mission 

Trace. The northwestern neighborhood has become known as a haven for families who want the "ultimate" in modern living. 

No "myths" can apply ID 

 unique .Wivfiun Wm-c. This new neighborhood makes no wild claims by using (lie slogans "total environment" anil "like living in a park." 

It's for Real 

All lliat .Wi.<.siuH '/'run; offers 

 is, indeed, for real! Although not all ils amenities are completed, the community has shown hundreds, if not. 

 thousands, of home Imnlers its offerings, and all agree that 
"total" is true, if nut an under- statement. 

"Like living in u park1.'" 

Well, these home Imnlers saw how here they could live right 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 lennaoe 

Ipantments 

 r~ 

OFFER YOU ECONOMY- PLUS 

FROM $lly| 

One Bedroom | |^"T 

If saving money is important to you, see how much you get in convenience and comfort at Glen Terrace 
Apartments. 

Near Randolph. Fort Sam, Northeast Schools. Day 
Care Centers and Shopping Centers. Glen Terrace offers you. your children and pets a nice homelike atmosphere with spacious rooms, patios and garden areas. 
*^~^ 

Glen Terrace Apartments 
71o6 Glen Terrace 
^ 

656-2116 
* 

OFF WALZEM ROAD - FOLLOW SIGNS 

APARTMENT COMMUNITIES BY RAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENTS. INC. 

 where there's ;i iiiiiriiia, swiin- niinj! pools, 
Ihi'ir o« n 

 clubhouse, pulling i;rcfiis anil 
[m-iiic ^rnniids. 

Pleiily of natural li ITS add lii 

Hie park iilmctsphrrr, inn. As wull, "upc'ii .space." wliicli luHellier will! iwrc.-ilimial s]»iici' is mure ample lliun ic'siilciilial lire;], ailds ID Ihc al- ninsl nuit;L\il effect. 

And Walkways 

Walkways, rif course, are 

 featured in almost all recent nuifjlilwrhiimls. lint at .UI.VM 
7'mcc they are unique in lh;il they never inlersucl will] any of 
(lie ;ire;i's wide, curving streets! 

Vel (his is nut all (ci (he at- 

Iraclive arraiiHCincut of A/i»- 
M'OJI Tritt:<: Us homes, whicli buasl styles uclually "burn" in 
San Antunio, are conveiuei)ll> itiid liiimlsiomcly arranged HI comparatively small lots. 

.S(/;i 
.-Inlaiiio 
('ontc.iu 

 uiy styles arc featured <n 

 the homes' exteriors and ii 
(Heir interiors. 

Homes in Mission Truce an 

 built In suil different lifeslyle: very well. Cluster, iialin am garden hinisus, alony w i t 
"villas," are included by bnil dcr/developcr .lack Dcviire am co-builder Tummy Adams. 

Carefree. apavUiient-slyl 

 living also is possible in .!/;'.• 
M»n Truiv. A membership i the cummnnily's Humcuwner 
Assoeiation is advanlaHCous i 
(his way. Tin's is another offei inn wtiidi can lie explained n 
Hie info] maliim (filler. 

Excellent Location 
The location of 
,1/iYWii 

TIIII-I: is yel atioltier way i which Ihc area is most cut 
(liirivc In miKleni families.' 

It is even within walking iii: 

 lance nf an elemeiUary and midille school, each with (lie highly regarded N'orthside lii(le|iendenl .Schnol District. 

Park Village has everything 

 for a growing family. 

Apartments 

 o Children and Pets Welcome 

• All Northeast Schools Nearby 
• Decorator Interiors 

• Wall to Wall Carpeting 

• Colorful Kitchen Appliances by GE 

• Wide Selection o) Floor Plans 
• Trees Everywhere 
• Indoor and Outdoor Recreation 

Facilities 

• 3 Large Swimming Pools 

• Five Convenient Colorful Laundries 

• Minutes from Shopping Centers 
• Near Randolph 

 and Fort Sam Houston 

Choose from effi- 

 ciency, small or targe 

1-bedroom or 2- 

 bedroom apartments. 

Happy 
Family^ 
Affair 
Prices start at 
$124 

- See Park Village at 483o Ray Bon Drive. Exit from 

IH 35 North at Eisenhauer Road, Drive East to Ray 

) Bon, then follow Ilio signs. 

Or Call 653-73oo or 653-113o 9-6 Daily, 1-6 Sunday. 

Save Gas I 

Live Here For All Your Needs! 
APPLIANCES 

APARTMENI COMMUNITIES BY RAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENT, INC, 

FAIRWAYS 

PHASE VI 

 the newest of the best! 

Put some living into your life amid the beauty and luxury abounding ot Fairways VI. Whatever lifestyle you prefer, you will find exactly what you desire in the colors and appoint- ments designed with yoj in mind. Come out and sec for yourself today!!! 

FAMILY or ADULT AREAS 
• Clubhouse 
• Heated Pool 
« Westinghouse Kitchens 
• Self Cleaning Ovens 
• Frost Free Refrigerators 
• Pets Accepted 
• Open Daily 9-6 
• Open Sunday 1-6 

EXIT 1H1O AT WURZBACH. FOLLOW 
SIGNS TO LEASING OFFICE 
FAIRWAYS VI 

863o Fairhaven 

696-3499 696-451o 

CPM MANAGEMENT • JIM UPTMORE, President 

MEMBERSHIP TO 
TURTLE CREEK 
COUNTRY ClUB 
AVAILABLE 

CIA5SIFIEO DISPLAY 

How Much Money Have You Lost 

By Waiting To Buy A New Home? 

_ 
._ 

 fCATUKlD HOME JIIIS 
V/(IK 

53o1 LA PRADSRO CIRCLE 

$35,625 

• 75% MASONRY • VENETIAN MARBLE VANITIES • LARGE PATIO 

AREAS • TERRAZO THE ENTRYS • CERAMIC TILED BATHS • 

CARPETING • ALL ELECTRIC KITCHENS • CENTRAL AIR. HEAT • 

DOUBLE GARAGES • OPTIONAL FIREPLACES • EXTRA INSULATION • 

CONVENIENT TO EXPRESSWAYS • URGE LOT & PRIVACY FENCE 

• AND MUCH, MUCH MORE 
Shepherd 
€* Burr is 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 

DAVID WISE 

OR 

VINNIE YAKUBANSKI 

656-11oo 

NORTHEAST ti 

SALES 

•«•». 

KOftH 

Too-.13 

Dorado/w^P^ 

 fiENERAlfflltLECTIHC 

' 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April) 3, 19741 

APARTMENT 

LOCATOR Lifestyle '74 

o 

 o 

Number Irecreates Approximate 

 ested 
Person: 

 irtmenl For De^ 

 tailed Directions. 

Location. 
Should Call 

1 the 

Courtyard/ 
• 44)1 GARDENDALE . 

Optn Doily 9-6 p.m. 

Sundays 1-6 p.m. 

696-4892 

CPM Management 

MO 

TERRACES 

TERRACE HILIS 344-9977 

NORTH 344-9888 

"TOMORROWS LIVING 1oDAT" 

1-2-3 BEDROOMS 

H-IO 

BABCOCK NORTH 

APARTMENTS 

6542 SPRING BRANCH 

1 AND 2 BEDROOM 

$115 to$17o 

69o-146o 

D-1o 

HILLSIDE 

APARTMENTS 

58oo MEDINA BASE RD. 

674-7oo4 

D-3 

17 

$!55-$235 

4oI5CAUAGHANRO. 

684-5o72 

EL 

 eORTEZ 

APARTMENTS in 11 Vance |ackv>i] 

734-5252 

G-7 

^ 
PEOPLE LOVE 

LIVING AT... 

Maison deville 

1ooo JACKSON KIUfRRD. 

344-9158 

PECAN MANOR 

GARDEN 
Apartments 

AX.15 Pci-iin Viilli'y l>r. 

J,i.M,.21 

I & 2 HKpnOOMS 

 i-STOHY TOWNNOUSKS 

JU'J 
JI.V) FUKNISIIKI) Ul' 

K-3 

PARK 

VILLAGE 

48o2-3o RAY BON DR. 

653-113o =r 653-73oo 

M-8 

o 
Churchill 
Square 

11726 West Ave. 

• From $15o • 

342-8191 
CPM Management 

H-U 

LA PALOMA 

MINUTES AWAY 

' FROM EVERYTHING 

1,2,38,488. 

1o2 W. RAMPART 

341.4444 

12 

CAMELOT 
APARTMENTS 

NOW LEASING 
655-881o 

8ooo MIDCROWN 

AT WAIZEM 

N-8 

3 XlAPlAZA 

APARTMENTS 

ACROSS FROM 

NORTH STAR MALL 

341-4621 

1-2-3 BEDROOM 

> WOODBURNING FIRE- 

PtACEb 

> NOW 
LEASING 

1-9 

4io3 VAKCE JACKSON RD. 

341-4669 

"ASK 
ABOUT OUR 

MOVING ALLOWANCE" 

G-1o 

15 

V I E W P O I N T 

TRACK 

 mum i)i-:sKiir.s.\\i).s 

;ill.()22i! 

CPM MANAGHMENT 

1-11 

16 

BALCONY APARTMENTS 
"Whatever lava Means 

 to you El Mlrador has 

 the Answer" 

NOW LEASING 

3243 NACOGDOCHES 

636-o188 -824-o274 

K-1o 

17 

FAIRWAYS 

3815 PARKOAIE 
696-3499 

OPEN DAllT 9 *.«. 1o 6:oo 
P.M. 

• 
SUNDAYS 1-6 
P.M. 

CPM Management 

F-9 

18 

GLEN 

TERRACE 

Apartments 

71o6 
Glen Terrace 

656-2116 

N-9 

19 
HARPER'S 

1-2-3 
C 

BEDROOM 
O 

APARTMENTS 

35o1 FINN OAK 
344-9771 

F-B 

£ 

R 

2o 

ANTONIAN 

APARTMENTS 

3939 FREDERICKSBURG 

732-9611 

G-7 

21, 

THE MEADOWS 
ALL NEW APARTMENTS 

14oo1 OAK MEADOWS DR. 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

658-5349*658-534o 

9 A.M.-6 P.M. 

WEtKDAYS 1-6 SUN. 

CPM Mcnagemtnt 
Q-n 

^COLONIES 

TRACE 

9915 POWHATAIV 

696-1621 

CI'M MAN'AdKMKNT 

G-1o 

911-923 VANCE JACKSON 

736-oo43 

12S ADDITIONAL 
APT. 

NOW LEASING 

G-8 

24 
Perrin Plaza 
Apartments 

NOW OPEN 
1 & 2 Bodroomt 

Furnlihud 

Unfurnlihad 

DAILY 4-6 SUNDAY 13-4 

25 
GATEWAY PLAZA 

AI'AllTMIiNTS 
$155-$235 

• 1-28o*oo111! 

 l-?Ba!hs 
Furnished & Ujilurimh&d 

• Bills Paid 

I'.S. 9o \VKST AT PINN lit). 

67;{-«f)9l 
D-5 

CHEVY 
CHASE 

APARTMENTS 

SAN ANTONIO'S 
• 

SMARTEST ADDRESS 
828-28o1 

1422 N.E. LOOP 41o 

K-9 

27 
NORTHWOOD 
APARTMENTS 

8315N.Vandiver 

1 -2-3 Bedrooms 
Townh^xiici, ElficicrKiei 

Adu'l or Family Livr,g 

Ico3ino Hourir 

Weekdays 9-5, 

Sunday T-5 

• 826-5531 « ., 

28 

APARTMENTS 

7811 CHAMBERS 

342-9321 

E-9 

NOB 
HILL 

APARTMENTS 

7626 Col TdKon toed belw.t 
91-1o end FKdci.lklbjra, Sue 

34o-1217 

A->cihr> belter fcvirg coitcp 

 kr Bjler fit, , 

Nob Hill 

II is npcn. 
G-9 

3o HARMONY 

HILLS 
Townhouse: 
& Apartments 

115 W. Silver Sands 
344-6177 

31 fho 
TIMBERS 

•FURNISHED OR 

UNFURNISHED 

• 
FROM $ HO 

• NEAR BROOXS AFB 
• NOW LEASINQ 
• 
1-2 BEDROOMS 

444 UTOPIA 
333-6Q61 

K-3 ' 

32 

CARLTON 

APARTMENTS 

6623 

CALLAGIIAN 

RD. 

696-329o 

F-9 

BU1TERFIELD 

Apartments 

135 Elizabeth Rd. 

2 Bedrooms 

13lh Month free 

824-2732 

K-8 

WOODLAWN HILLS 

DUPLEXES 
1o25 Sotton 

Unfutnlshud 
2 nnd 3 BpcJrooms 
Cenlrd Aii-Hcal 
AU Elctliic Kilcl-en 
D'lhwashcr-Diipotol 
V/alk lo Khooll, sl-.oppinq, Eji/ll.-ne 

Open House SaT. and Sun. 

41-6267 
F-8 

35 
CANDLESTICK 
APARTMENTS 

4747 Ri< 

$165 Fun.., $15o 

Unfurn. 

HdJuOnly. Pool. Bct-B-Occ 

648-337o 
M 

36 
NEW 

WAR UCKMND, KtUY, 

BROOKS, 

PLIASANTOH RD. 
:M \v. \>nti:it 

& 2 bedrooms, caipcfvd, pool, o'l cfnc V/>i*rJpo2l kitchens, Fcdticrs air 

37 

^LfNDA APTS* 

Save Gas Mllcsl 

Near Town Con#on. 
;cnco 

235 HOWARD ST. 

OM 11oo Ilk. U. Morn 

 blk. Main Bonk, luby'l. Central 

:xp,eviwoy, Cvp,c%i Towpii, 2 blVi. 
Mcltopolilan Hoipilal, Bcphil Hospi- ol, Mr<ficol flat. Bldg. 

ADULTS ONLY-1 S 1 

BEDROOMS 
226-8492 

1-7 

38 
FAIRWAYS 
Phase VI 

8631 Falrhavon 

696-451o 

Open daily 9 to 6, 

Sunday 1 -6 

CPM Management 

E-9 

WofHlbill 

Apartments 

49o9 Woodstone Dr. 

Exit on IH 1o at 

Hucbncr RcJ. 

69o-17oo 

F-ll 

WINDCREST 

15o Beautiful Luxury UnlU 

• Spocioui rooms Ihroughoul 
• 1-2-3 Bodroomj 
• 1 or 2 Ballis 
• Private Polios 
8835 Wlllmon Way 

656-oo85 

M-9 

ETHICAL 

LOCATORS 
FREE 

 ii»-(«« FAST SERVICE 

Sw Arriris Afl. IctclMS 
823-3361 

*<t«i tfl. Lorclm 
Apa1w.il Ii-»!;ii 

 ii! Jtty 

824.4355, 
341-3121' 

42 

MANOR 

APARTMENTS 

LuAL-ry on n b-jdrjel 

1 & 2 Bccfroomi, 
Furn. or Ur\(urr>. 

4756 Old Seguin Rd. 

661-2388 

M-7 

43 

Jlpart merits 
' 4427 Wuribach Rd. 

684-3345 
Near Ihc Med cal Cnnlcr 
Open weekday! 9 lo 6 
Lcigp 1 & ? bcdroonns 

All t'oclrk kikhcn! 

Polici 
E-8 

I'or Informatuin 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

45 

Tor InforniMlnin 

In This !\hip 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

Tor Information 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

IMH' Infoniiiitinn 

In This iMi)|) 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

For Information 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

I ' K R F I I M K DKUGEIT WINS AVi'AKI) 

Sports Fans 
Can Become 

By Dr. Robert S. Dews 

COUNTY EXTRUSION HORTICULTURE' 

I was in (he ball bark (o see both Babe Ruth 

 and Hank Aaron hit home runs — Babe in the 
3os and Hank in the 5os. Bet Dan Cook can't make that claim. 

Tins is nol a Harden nihimii 

 turned spnrls column. .Iiisl lli(iiii;lil I'd try lo catch sonic 

 make I hem K'H'- 
[iwiini; f;ins. 

I missed MIL' 

 pecan seminar 
(his |i;isl week. 
Hope _lhose of you who attend- ed will pass Ihe information on lo your ncijjh- 
IHIIS. 
DPHCI-S 

Dr. Palenainlc has informed 

 mi' of the annual San Antonio 
Rose1 .Six.'ic.'ty Show ;il Ci'iilrnl l';irk ,M;dl nn April 'III. Anyone may parlicipntc. and llieiv's no ri'HistniUon fee. And. fur Ihe 

'there's a iwvice elass. 

Best Chance 

The hi'sl you call «el mil of 

I his rvi'iit is Hie eliance [H tall; 
In uilHT ruse lnililiyisls. Kn- 
[ITPS will lie acfcpled helweun 
7 and 1o a.m. 

Here's some inure iufurnia- 

 linn for rii.su urtnvers. Tin- MI7-I 
All-America winner* arc as follows: 

• ISAIIIA. a laryr rimvi-riiiK 

 floriliinnla wilh spicy 

• HON HON. a pink and wliil 

 lilomniiiK rioribunda. 

• I'KKFUMI:; DK1.1CI1T. ; 

 clear pink hybrid lea. 

Root Stock 

The uarly rose enthusiasts 

 already have planted new hare rixil s!ot'k. Bin niiw tile 

 mirMTvnian has roses xrmvhiK in cinilairiers dial can In1 

 planti'il atiylimr. 

I'lamiiiiH a nisc (•arden? If 

Ins is your first attempt, lie-in ii a small scale. A do/en well 

•ari'd-L'or ]>l;mls will [inidnce mire [lowers and n've Wiili'r ilpasniTllian fininir livedo/cn lonrly carc(l-fnr plains Ilial ake all yinir space and lime. 

Locale tin1 MiM-ln-d uhcrt1 il 

,vill receive' at least six licwrs of 
'till sun per day l.ij;lil al'ler- laon sliarle can he tolerated, uul is iiflen de.sii'alile [luriiifT 
.In1 hollesl part of the.siuinncr. - 

Heavily shaded areas will 

 jirodnci' hushes that are rank 
:m<! have few flnwers. Mililew tin<i hlack spol disease also arc 
Ijrevalt'lil ill shaded areas. 

Air Circulation 

Hood air uirculaliiin is CM- 

 senlial. It aids in Ihe rapid euipiiraliini nf innniiiiK ilpw, 
Ilieri'liy aidiiu; in disease con- 
Irnl. Snnie prnteclion fiuni 
|HT\iiilitii! slrnii.i; winds is desirable, as it reduces 

 dainaye lo flowers. 

Avnicl iiliinliiiK near trees and 

 slirnhs iKivini,' vidimus rntti systems nr pmvide sinne form of mechanical barrier against 
Iliem. The ruse roul is a [iixir nmijielHnr at'aiust this type nf inlnihiiui. 

Try |o locate the ruse lied 

 where il can he eii.jnycd from 
Ihe interim- of the hnme. Hoses are deciduous and mil very at- 
Iractive durinj; Ihe formant 
:.seasnn. Fur this reason Ihpy sliotihl hi- \ tsihle uhile it] bhiinii hill should mil lie Ihe dimiinaiil hindsi-ape eletni'iil cieued Iciiui flic uimlm;. 

 llnorl draina.w. hull) surface 

 and snhsiirface. is essential in a ruse bed. Hnses do not like 
"wet feel." I'onr drainage usually can be currecletl hy in- slallinj; a lile drain system, ur hy planliii!,' in raised buds ns- iiiK ri'iltviioil ur inasiniry frani- iu.e. • 

Gardeners' Questions- Answers 

Hy Dr. Itnlirrl S. DPHCTS 

COUMV r x r F ; f J S I O f J HOkriCULTUIn*,! 

Many of the Im uak mil toward Camp linllis apiiear lo be 

 dviiiK-Have yuu MTU tliem. and can .vmilHI what isunnii;-.' l)i they have live uak decline? 

1 madr ;i (our of I ho area 

;ilinnl one \\rok after jour nli- scrtatlon. I obsfrvrd that Ihc 
I'orrsl Tcnl ('nlrrpllliirs liavp hrcn dpfolhillnK live oaks. 

However, new lra\cs are cotnlnR out and tin- trrcs are looking Kond. I sa\\ no synip. 
Inns of live oak derllnp. 

My Chinese, (ullow nm| utnbrcllii trees which I planted in 

 l>cccMiil>cr)Kivi-ii[i(.vd Icnfeilunt. '['he lint'k is si ill KITINI lint 
Hie brandies sctmi brittle. Are ttiey w»nK In live? 

 alrwilyiloiip.sn, FsiiKKoslyou prunr llie.sp Ircps hv at Ip^sl 
— anrt wrap Ilioin with Irep paper or liurla|i. I)« not over- water or fprflllw. Tlio rcsl Is up lo nature. 

 you be patient. 

N'puly (ransplanted trees arc soinetlincs late In Krowlnw because of heavy loss of the root system. Your trees are 
Kolnj; IhroiiKli "(ran^planl shock." If you have not 

All my |H!ndi trees arc. dropping, yul I linvc punches on Hie 

Iree. Wtnil In Ilic world Is thi' prublem? 

[called Dr. .lerral .lolinson, 

 extprtslon iitanf palholo^lst on this one. lie. ((iilckly iinstvrrcd thai this Is a lyplnil synipion of inii-ihrooni root rol. Ar- 

 il you hurt a qutirlin umnnlno cn> oipKI of ihoji | 

 ninltarla. There Is no CUR for this disease. It's In Ihe snll, 
Slerlll/allon may hi- ||lc b,.s| lonK-lerni nnswrr. 

, ,kn 
";o : 
[< . i' 

Pecan Manor Units 

Beckon 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

Country club living for U,c budget-minded 

 has arrived in the Alamo City! 

.Swell u l>iir(,':iln is miidcrii 

 living otforud 
;tl 
/ V r n n 

.\liinnr Apiirlnu'rils, 
Ik'i'iin 

Valley Drlvi' and Smilli New liniiiiifels Avcmip In smitlicas- torn .San Anlimio. 

Swimming Pools 

Tin' complex iinu-o prninrly 

 is Ciilk'il a coniiniinily. Nut only due's il offer spiiciims apurt- mi'iits In ri'sick'iils, bin uku i\u~ 
"tutiil ruc'i'c'iiliiin" I'linccpt iioi 
1- 

 niiilly found In timrc cxiit'iisivu 
KI-ullpillK.s. 

In lilt first of ils funr pliiiscs, 
/'mm Ulaiiur fualurrs an us- 
IK'ditlly lui-Hi' swinitniiiK l»«)l for exclusive UNO nf residents. 

The liirjfli pool is directly in 

 frniil (if an allnielivc. coxy rlnliiinnse also for private en- jnyincnl of 
1',-,-uu 

Mumir iTsidenls. 

Thu clulilinusc i.'iinliiin.s a 

 number of extras 
/Vi.-un 

Mtuitir residents can enjoy lm private (iccasiuns nr }\K( fun armmd Hie puol. 

Tin1 clubhouse features a wet 

 liar, rccreatimiiil and iclaxa- linn areas. minimi,- tonkini; facilities and even showers they can use hefure lakiri;! a swim. 

A pool and clubhouse will lie 

 provided with each nf (he fmir phases of /Vrmi J/Miinr as the project KI-IIWS to 3JII-plus units. 

Shopping Boutiques 
Relatively close to the 

Ki-mipiiiK's lai'KO retTcalimiiil area will IK- a convenient him- liiiue-lype shiippiiij; center, al- so for I'fi-nn .Miinuf residents. 

The recreiilional area per se, 

 innicwhal rcninvuil from tlic 
•eslilenlial ureas, will provide 
I'ri-uii Mminr residcnls wllli 
Chilis, handball and liaskellmll courts. 

Security at /V«ni Munur is 

 well planned, loo. Guards live in the pi'eniises, und each 

 iupiiiK rif apartments has 

 fluudli^hts. AecnnliiiKly, each apartment's front entrance has a pnrch Hunt. 

Inside, Out 

Apartment LjrmitiiiiKs of one- 

 and two-hcdrooiii units anil 
Iwu-slory linuilinuses feature allraelive exteriors of 75 per cent masonry. 

Interiors of the apartments 

 imusl an enormous ainnniU of space — floor .spare and close! space. Luxurious sliaii carpet- ing in a unique golden rod color, all-electric kitchens with serving bars and, if furniture is chosen with the apartment, a choice from three different color combinations is availa- ble. 

I'vrun Mtiniir Apartments 

 also make gas-saving drives possible by their proximnity to 
McCreless Shopping City, 
Gnliiid Itdiid, S.W. Miliatary 
Drive, ilownlown and other major points of destination such as Brooks AKB. 

Lackland and Kelly AFIJs are 

 in easy driving distances, loo. 

Other bonuses 
IVriui 

Miiutir offers include as many as three parking spaces for 

New Park Village 
Units Suit Many 

Apartments at 
Park 
Village offer 

 omcthing different. . . something unique . . something that reflects your own unique 

 lualilies . . . something exactly right for you! 

Oaks, Woods Areas 
Presenting Models 

The areas of University Oaks and the 
Woods of Sliaixtno will be presenting 
Smith's Belter-Built Homes models this weekend. 

The latest and ideas anil 

 luxury features or modern liv- ing are featured in fascinating floor plans for these model homes. 

Models Shown 

 t'nifi-nitv 
Oaks and Ihe 

Jt MIK/.S «/'.S'/K;IYIIUI [ire located close In each other in an especially convenient area just east of N.\V. Ill 1o, right off De 
Xavala.Road. 

In the H'mills. Ihe Smith's 

 lieller-Unill model is at -ir)^" 
Cypress Wixiiis. The Oi/fa fea- tures a model named 
7Vic 

CLASSIFIED DISPIHV 

C,riiihinif at 1:1-1(17 Syracuse Or 

The Onks is located in tin 

 high northwestern section o town. This is a heavily wondei area convenient to the Soul 
Texas Medical Center, UTSA 
Wonderland, military base and even downtown. 

The ffooi/.-; also can boas 

 trees galore on a site formerl known as Hie Sliarunv Ranch 

 ft, too, can boast a imdlitud 

 of conveniences, as well as ; somewhat secluded at 

 mosphere. 

 tch apartment, laundry laclli- s In slraleKlciilly located air- 

 auditioned centers mi'l 

 covered mailbox grotiplng.s. 

Itetilal riilfs liegln a( only 

 inilhly. 

An apartment should maleh our iMjrsonaliiy. The style, the 
(tie (ouches they provide, how 1'nrk l-'illui;n Aparl- icnl's regard for individuality. 
Wall-lo-wall carpeting in ibrant colors reflects your armlh anil Inmior. The con- enience of (!K eleetrieal ppliances reflects your 

 nterest in a job well done. A veil-designed kitchen can aid our energetic crealivily while lelping you make efficient use if ynur lime. 

Comfortable 

Your comfort is well served 

 iv air conditioning and heat at 
•our control. If the lempera- nre is 1oo degrees and holding u Ihe outside, yon will be claxcd and comfortable in 
•our I'urli I 'illn/^i- aparlmonl. 
\nd so will your family and ricnds. 
There is a lot lo consider 

 vhen yon chouse an apartment. 
I'urk \'(HnnK Apartments, 

CLASSIFIED D:SPIAY 

SWIMMING POOL, CMIEHIODSK AT I'KCAN MANOK APAHT.MKNTS 

. . . noulltcHHlurn .S./l. jirnji'd IKIK one. of ctn:lt iilitimr.il far cinili 

CIAS51FIEO OISPIAY 

 located on Hie prestigious northeastern side, offer an i|>iirtnionl for you, the distinc- tive individual . . . a plaee where yon will enjoy just being 
.'oni'self. 

The apartment you've been 

 looking for is at 
I'url; 

 l''illnKi: Take N.K. Mi 35 In 
Kisenhauer, then lake Kisen- liaucr to 
Kay .lion 
Drive. 

Signs lead the way to 
I'illiifiu Apai tnicnls. 

There's one that's really you. 

And it's taautiful! 

Up, Down 

Demolition of nearly 142,11oo 

 housing units was aulhori/ed in 
1!)72, the U.S. Census Bureau reports. Almost one third were scheduled in 17 cities with populations of at least 5o,ooo. In four of these cities, more hous- ing was expected In he torn down lhan constructed. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

ClAS 

Your Special 
Town/iome Is Ready 
For You To Move Sn Now! 

ONE OR TWO STORY 

$37,9oo to $46,9oo 

Open House 1o-Dusk 
14348 BROOKHOLLOW 

: CHARLIE WH1PPLI 
NayhrEealtu 

Pecan manor w 

NUMBtR 
INDICATES 
AC 

PROXIMAIE 
LOCATION 

INIECESIED 
PERSONS 

SHOULD CALL SUBDIVISION to8 DETAILED DIRECTIONS. 

GIVES SO MUCH MORE THAN A PLACE TO SLEEP AND EATIMU 

2 

BEDROOM 

UNFURNISHED S149 

FURNISHED M 59 

(ALL UTILITIES PAID) 

BEDROOM 

UNFURNISHED '175 

FURNISHED '19o 

(ALL UTILITIES PAID) 

UNFURNISHED '2o5 

FURNISHED '225 

(ALL UTILITIES PAID) 

THUNDERBIRD 

ESTATES 

53o,ooo TO $35,ooo 

684-1386 

 lOMOflOVT 
SS—™ 

ByH.P. CRTS 
CONSTRUCTION CO. 

E-8 

RANCHtAND 

HILLS 

S19,5ooioi23,SOO 

ElECTRIC KITCHENS 

AIR CONDITIONED 

WELLS DEVELOPMENT 

655-3686 

o-13 

• Full Electric Kitchens 

• Huge Walk-in Closets 

• Four Pools—Four Clubhouses 

• Three Parking Spaces per Apartments 

• Six-month Leases 

• Security Guards on Premises 
• Spacious Reserved Parking 
• Full Recreational Facilities: 
• Handball Courts • Basketball 
• Ping Pong • Pool Tobies 
• Tennis 

Whirlpool ^ Magic Clwf. 

KITCHEN APPLIANCES 

FEDDERS 
CENTRAL AIR CONDITIONING by: ALAMO HEATING & 

AIR CONDITIONING 

6835 PECAN VALLEY DRIVE 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 333-1321 

TWIN CREEK 

NOW'OPEN 

 yORTHWEST SAN ANTOHIO' 

NEWEST 

COMMUNITY OF 

FINE HOMES 

$28)95oTO"$35,95o; 

BMJPA! 

CORPORATION 
For Information 
Call 681-1111 

13 

CONN, SHfRROD & CO., 
INC. 
; 

J, INDUSTRIAL D£VtLOP£RS' 

FOR INFORMATION 

IN THIS MAP 

PLEASE CALL 
225-7411 
EXT. 32o 

17 

• 
3 & 4 Bedioomi 

• 
Irt & 2 Bathi 

• 
$18,5oo and Up 

• 
Judion School Dill 
ROYAL CREST 

INC. 

661-3o77 

 o-s 

GARDEN RIDGE 

'THE COUNrKY tlF£" 

Wilh All llii! ConvEnier.(ti 

 of The Cit)> 

Beautiful Homtt • Large lots. 

ION Carnal Co. Taxes 

651-6237 

 ladj!icw-MiRer Divi 

R-15 

 nr Co. 

WINDSOR SQUARE 

PIANNED FOR 

YOUNG COUPIE5 
ON THEIR WAY UP 

BUT STIIL WITH 

YOUNG BUDGETS 

$23,ooo TO $32,ooo 

656-11oo 

N-13 

o. 

"Come On 
Uf> 

To The Crest" 

IIOMI'.S 1-llOM 

$5o,ooo o.io 

14. 

WILSHIRE 

PARK 
NEW HOMES 

UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
$2o,ooo-J26,ooo 

•> 

H.P. ORTS 
656-2823 

M-9 

Val 
Yerdc 

NEW 3 & 4 BEDROOM 

HOMES TO S29.ooo 

ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 
658-7811 

S-13 

HOMES FROM 

'35,ooo 

NORTH ON SAN PEDRO 

5.? MlltS FROM 

LOOP 41o 

K-13 

FORREST GlEN 

$29,ooo TO $38,ooo 

UNIQUE HOMES 
H1SHSD AMONG 

MATURE OAK TREES 
NORTHSIDE SCHOOL 
DISTRICT • 684-6776 

B-e 

• Community Clubhouse 
• Swimming Pool 
• Tennis Courts 
• Norlheosl Schools 

o-13 

L/VF OAK 
VILLAGE 

'18,2oo 

TO 

'22,5oo 

ElECTRIC KITCHENS 
AIR CONDITIONED 

WELLS DWUOPMENT 

349-12o1 

Q-12 

EL DORADO 

DISTINCTIVE HOMES 

$32,ooo1o548,ooo' 

INCIUDES SWIM ClUB. 
ItNNIS COUR1S, ClUB 

HOUSE AND IAKE 

P8IVIIEGES 

656-11oo 

N-12 

1Z 

SUN FOREST 
THE NEW HOUSING 

REVOLUTION 

 o The Biggest Value in 

Hauling Today 

• Sleel & CotureK 

Constiuclion 

• 4 Btdroomi, 1 Bathi 
• Central Hoot & .Air 
• from $17,ooo 

924-6575 

H-l 

WOOOLflKE 

• GOIF COURSE 
' COMMUNITY 
• HOMES FROM 

$53.9oo 

• S MODEISOPEN 

1o A.M. 'Til DARK 

P-8 

16 

 lit Forrest 
1 -• Glen 
• 3 4 4 Bcdroomt 
• 2 Bathi 
• Northslde School Disl 
• HomoiTo $35,ooo 

ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 

684-7o47 

D-7 

BRISTOL 
PLACE 

$17,ooo TO $28,ooo 

661-3o77 

"BUIli BHTER 

~~ 
ByOfSIGN" 

5925 THORNWOOD 

HOMES By H.P. ORTS 

O-B 

DEER 
RUN 

• 3 & 4 Bldroomi 
• \Vi Balhi 
• Elictri( Kitch«ni 
• S18.5oo ond Up 
ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 
664-4471 

D-9 

SAN ANTONIO 
REAL ESTAri 

SECTIONS 

NORTHWEST 

HOMES 

NORTHEAST 

HOMES 

SOUTHWEST 

HOMES 
SOUTHEAST 

HOMES 

CLASSIFIED 

AND REh 

— > 
RUtfSrAU 
TOt 

3o1— ••allir.K N.lh.i 
1o2— H*vi«i Often fot 

312— H«ut*t — NM*>W«II 

3 JO — H«vl«* tn Tritft 

114— H* nit. Sol»*r l»*l 
336 — *ut>vib>n fre-furly 

?JO— Uti 
131— fwni» and lonikti 
13 « — form»««d locwKti far 

"_!££*" r***r*T 

SV»* 

REAL ESTATE 
1TAL INDEX 

M4 — (idvifilel Property 

WtMUd 

1JO — Otfk* Spot* W«nt«4 
3S1 — t*al lilali *•• M- 

114-t»ol !>!••• W».t*J 
316-lt.llilai. leant— 
3JI-ti.il lil*1* Loan* 

1 
MO U l| HO HI I 
1 mi] 

1o1 — Mot.li H«n«, Co, Sold 
JOJ — Kob J. Konit rB, <«it 

I 
IINIAU llx^f 

*&* — Aportntnli. 

«|-^M!DV,JI,,.._ 

41O— HOI.III,. K.ii or i»n 
*1 J — tanmi. furrl*** 
414 — loomt, Ui-KimUhid 
4U — loomi ..h*, lea.d 

CHARTER OAKS 
HOME SHOW 

OEAUT(F=UL MODEL "HOMES 
Ql 

1o?M MOSS 
BANK 
(crfl 
Colony). 
OPEN for your vlcwlrvg SATURDAY end SUNDAY. CO.UE DY Ond jee o^r 
11 HEW 
3 iwici 4 beoroo.Ti hcmes. Front W2,MO. 

REAL ESTATE 

Professional 

HOME EVALUATION 

If you are thinking gl iclbrtg your home call ui far a 
PROFESSIONAL 

FunTolivcm 

Money $avcr Homes 

7ooX2oo LOT 

 p'us o 2 year eld rrob'lc homo, just off III 1o o few r-.lci pait 
16o-1. 

24 HS5.SERVICF 

S;in Antonm 
Hcudrrs" Mnrl 

Want Ads 

1O V/ordE 1o Time 

$2.oo 

Call 225-1666 

 pert Chark Sprlr.gi Membership 

Sovc SU« an le tori cost, 

We have lull and pert l.,i o^oi:oti'o. \WH hr:p >ou ccnw;. Spcc.alk iin-j ;n Lo 

 s boa u t I 1 vl MfCM view tiDrr.r- 

S P A C I O U S 3 beflroo.ii tniail 
17.3'xli-). ^ bctX 2 Co.- lnil}"e*1 ra^c. itilrrccnij lenccc, (;rcplocc nx>.iy c!rvcr fcolu.-cs. rA.ii ^6 s. Ci aider lecse or I^.TU;. Pur details 

COUNTRYSIDE 

SAN PEDRO 

CHURCHILL HI 

Homes To $7o,ooo 
DRIVE OUT TODAY 

 no oppolntmcnt netct&flr 

•Prestige jjonus' 

CALL DON JOHNSON 

 ib93.la&8r-it.l 347-1 977 

1 171 I Wh.tpciing Wind 

GENERAL 
ELECTRIC 

Sunday": 

 r Houic. o|«n Iflr'lfTIj 
I fn.pacllon 
Jl3o2J 

OPEN HOUSE 

Immnculale Show Place 

353) TRIOLA 

Cu1-do-io< In Colenlvi Norik 

| 3 -tdiccnu, ? bclhi, mUh 2 litLtg 

 o/E3i. D.'n'ng icon end becVfoir o«o. lerje kiuhtn MJI^I bci i^eriig i»u 

 eled den *iiK fiiepUiit. Cuiljn p*i. (oiprl Ibieughojr, l-ilci.[jn if^. Prked ligMorJJ^.SXl.Ccijli 

Tke Ralph Armitiong CD. 

Open S«I..S*n. 

Showing N*w and Pie-Q-mn*c. 

Homei in HOLLYWOOD PARK aid 
THOUSAND OAX* A R E A S 

$44,ooo up. 
!M Don.[to 

, 
. 
.-vy(«f JMng room, 

 lras. "Wecr Medical Cwtcr, UTS 

OSAA. •» y&o s$t 11, you'll buy It. 

Call tor gppc-Htnwil. m-Mll. 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS I 
— 

SPUT-LEVEL 

6229 SETTING SUN 

JSAA, UTS A, WELKUNTER AREA aca^tiful conletTifwrary d e s i g n , 3 

24 f|. don *silh 1 J r ep I ac .. ,..., 
«5,7Sa OPEN SATURDAY 8. SUN- 
DAY, 1-4 p.m. 
3rive 2 mile* fxwlh of loco 
Evers Rd. lo Forrest .V.codc* left and foltow 

57o2 GABOR 

 at. N j 
. ... 

 lub ond shopping. 5?9,5W. 
GARRY PAGAN REALTY 3W-I5oI 

New Homes & Townhouses 
3-J-S bedrooms, llrcst rc-.v luxury hcmes a-id towrtl-.oyscs fr* Seneca Es- ates 5o d'.Heronl fioor pl^ni starling t 532,6*o. Open Da;ty. 
T. MclherJngton & Daughlers lac, 

6&4-W11 
6«4-3»37 
344-437; 

DFrc'-lians: Otjl Bontiero Rd. 1 ml. orth ol 41o to Seneca Esteles s'gn 

•NEW HOMES' 

Ctecn 
(or ln$p«ct:cn. 
Lcrgo oak 

 studied lot. Filobllshcd Mlghbor ht»d. Turn oil Vorsce Jackion. l 
Week south cl Wurttwch. Norlh 
Schoo's. Olfeicd by 

PADGETT 
HOMES, 
676-557o 

OPEN FRI. AND SAT. 4 TO * 
O 214 Dalewood O 

Noeti Northwood Ei!3lcs. o«aulif interfor cnj «*rerfor. Vw/ sooc^oj 
3 (xdrocms, 2Vi twtfis, dc^ ([ir p'oce), g'a&scd iunrtwm O3'xl4'). 
Llcclric IhruQuN JEvpomivc t r e e d grou-nrtj. 
HO-JSC wilh cddillonsl Jo! 

/a-xna'xTJr, v^c'ii subm.t your of- fer. 8*6-2347. 

Condominiums 74 1974 

77oo*719o PcwhclOTt 
. SJ1,»JO - SH,S« 

G-C. 
HARRINGTON 
H «-!*» 

CoflJ«mlnfumt— 
I H#u*»»—NorH*«»»> 
I H*uf«i—Narth««*l f N«us*s—NwtFt««it 

H« «41— 
D£° 

Torfte Creek V///age 

Beouliful Zochory Uiill 3-2-2 Four] 
Seaioni mocfel. Condo. WcA lo club ar.it pool. 

24 MRS. SERVJCE 

;rcai csiale oo. 
828-61o2 

CONOOMINIUM. 2-M 

Call Today While It's Still Available 

Our Pride Is In Our People & Our Properties 

Northeosf 

—4 luih feint idling In 
Wiodiieil, J.biilioomi, I-bulk, 

 living, dining, 
._*> hafL nJrtB 
Fnnl.i.i ft 

New 1 Story Townhouse 
Son Pedro Hill* Townhomw. Loit 
\J Mode* by poo] or<A>. Has fabj- 
3us ili$!)t 
(JJ?r<J #xden wi'.h pats 

.nroUQli h> brick polio. 2 bedrooms, 
? baths with nxvble and bran, Hre- 
' e wall with we* bar, beautiful 
Iscop'nq. 
S57.9CO . Ojxo 1414 

_ ,3Vho!1ow. North on Son pcdio lo 
Son Pedro Hills. 

Apartment!, 

Duplexes 

Live With 

Income 

IN 

WINDCREST 

 lUIIWDimtl. He 
In-ng etea. eeauli dtiign and dfioi ncieqe Good ila'cg tIM'M bl 

 li.lilil 

 o^;w>leii IB cgi JeracKed 

S76.SM. 6SS 3S8) l«r. 

[a REESE HENRY 

DUPLEX 
••IN THt OLfN" 

Call Cam*!pI Sales Info 

655-4123 

STA* AUS, INC. 

' 

17 Unfts Furn.—AU llcnteti 

1C Masonry Units 

3 yrs. o'd. Some fuin. 99% occupo-.- 
C|-. 1 ond ? bedroom units. 115.KO dn 

At Jacobson lU-al'y 

JOQ3 N. /AAIH 
TJi-8411— 7J5-Hi| 

APARTMENT INVES'fMENT 

KCeirtnl i un:t Jcti area. Al^umE? 
'.^ % loao. SWOO grcss. Hlg*i return. 
JJS.9oo. Mr. F'cck 313-7754 

Carpet 
, r r v 
Ihrcyqh- out, Lofs of slorage. Walk lo HE 

. 

NaylorReaty 

6 UNITS 
Pri-no lo at I on 

_IARE YOU LOOKING FOR A TAX 

ELD'ORADO-BYOWNlTRlo'^mK I". '^"^.SS5?; 

OPEN 2-S tiiur cites and busoi. V/e 11 mental net/ 

-2-J, like new. «22 Slcrro Watfi ro^M, ccrpcling, refrlqeralo- fret r, electric kittKen, polio cover, cr c r vi ce yard. 
Wood burn n g fir. 

-nee. Aswrrw (r**:* VA Toon, po 
'.onli S?S1. 
Pr:ccd In mid Wi. 6? 

1S<S Cflcr <pm. 

 double garagt, living, dinln den, Ktcp\ott. S39,KO. Wo. hll (ell now. 
—Far immfrflote lal*. tail Tei/ell 
Hillt 3-bedfOon, 7-baln. tivinq, dining, (tnlral cir, pool. S?2,8oo- 
Cko&ie your horae now. 
— Tokc a pcch in U Oo;oda. 4- btd/oo.ti, 7-bath, double car eg*. 
Fireplace, boilt-fni. Co in Tor I LN luiu/r for your [Emily. $44,3oo. 
Com* iee. 
— The quel life in WoedloVe, j. becfioora, 2-b=lJi, living-dining, lien, $27,ooo. See it to do/. 
-Thii. .fee borne in CHmoi Pork 
Trrtcte. 3 bedroom, Mjolh, ten- fral heat/air. 12o,5oo, CaU for' your oppoinlmim. 
—fpartaui 4'btdroom in Vcltn- cia. 2-balh, double garage, firegrate, bullr-ini and ccip_ft. 
S4S,99o.ln]Syli " 

Jtentoli — Niw Homei, 

, 
. 

 rooki-forl 
Sam, 
Kelly, 

 oiklcn^KaRdorphjroutildeal 
Ian Antonio, Coll Collect 
5l?-B?S-o;5i. tnltiirate R«ol 
Ii1oli~83oN.E. loop 41o, Son 

Bjyeil: Chiik Inlo our 3-y<ar wwranly ro buyyotrho^ii Wtk. 

— [KtellenleppoiNrMly in Kit by. 3 bedroomi, 2 bolh, den, crntral oil, builNim. All this lor ilOCO equity—$19o no. 
(?o,o£o] See 

—Htrt'i voci [hante to own. The 
GWn, J.tMdroore, 3 bolV douUe 
J 

 a/iiCj huge [iting roam, paneled ta, b-ilt ini. $f6,8JO. ($35oo 

 eQiiily $234 mo.) Mop loaVIng, thiiiiil. 
-Upgrade your lil^lvfe in Part 
Ko;lh. 4-bedrooms, 2 bark, kjrge dti, dbl. Daiog^ <iJi1rol heot/elr. 
528,o9o (15,5oo equity, 5217 mo.) 
PkoietalHoi exrioi. 

 iNorlhweit 

— Attrutliv* 
3 - b e d r a o m In 

• Sunshine Park. 2-bolS, caipel, 

 paneling. Cexlral air. (26,(3QO pi ice. Imped theiefealuiei. 

—Jait/ighr hi you inCaide Hlili. 
! -bedroom, 3-balh, double gmage, Cuilom quetily ihiuoul rhii elegonf (eiidriie. $91,ooo. 
Dan'l wcil'til nrilyew.rloilnQw. 

More ISOLPI doily by. 

INTERSTATE REAL ESTATE 

. 

FuUy carpeted 3 bedroomi wilh low equity and fow nionlhly poymfinli. You will bo pleated vtilh tho pilcoonef Imaieucd wilh 

Caifo! IMrg arwJ... 

Priced under J2o,ooo. Mak«i yov* home In Paik VJIrxio. Wnlk lo elementary uhool. AlnVe on appornlmont today lo ico (or your ielf, 3 bcdroomt, I !/i bollu, cental olr plui mofo. 

A GDI Sam 

 n Northeail Poik. Walking dis- ance (o nhaofs OIK! tcivkct. 3 
>edr corns, 1 Ixilrtt, new lool, new iliag compel. Priced riQht Ql 
522.275. 

Thii 2 hedioam. 1 Vi Ixaih brick wiili cedar ihinrjlei tov/nlio-jje i* priced to iclL at $28,5oo. You w'ltl enjoy llie caiual living 
Er.chanted VJIage wilh the >« pool ar.d dob house. Many i 

 living In Narlhwoad \ttrait 

Deourilul'x decorated, coiner 
3 bedroom*, 2 bolhi, 2 garage, NE ichooli. A rmut- 
...See Ihii co-rvplereho.T.e. 

CfcCMKi Ifrsrg 

In El Dorado Tn u moit diilinclr home. You w.ll be enran1i/fcd by the attention lo cfclail nnd the long liil of enrioi confnincd in itm 5 Ledvoom, 3 balh home, A large family1; dream. 

C<iM655-6B<J8 

(1« a 4 .r*'H ltd '•* 

"•n. pi.P.i.n dllirlnlnolUn b 
<gl«r, (.tldon. «» 

 f.r ft.l «HDI«-*.hkh l» ^ vlo lUn o1 If.. I.-. Ojr r««di«K» 
*«r.br l«lor«i.J Ihol « 

 ri(.*llinoi odveillltd I" Ih ntwipap.r ai« «vo.!abl« o« a 
Mwal op,oi»-ni'r ball..' 

 if Aching For An 'Acre? 
Get Iwo-lhlrds of one wilh 4 Wd- roam, 1 both tiorn*. All IhB QOOdlea. l.SM ii|. ». ol MVI™ wte.. o<J| 
'roni Ihe twllle and Txntle of Iho 

 vrflti oil dly convtnlmcts. Won'r 

Deanie 
^ 

O-vnsr, 32-2. c^rn« fi fcrccd 

 vordr ct^'fol heat and olr/ aisn- 

 ovncr, S2SM Eqully, JK« monln, 

__ 

ROOM TO GROW 

J bedroom 1 bolli wlIJi ctnlrcl aV. 

DO ri.ihv.a5hcr, waler solKncr 

 in;lrAler systfm. Double lln- 

 lu-eil ooraoc. pdctd lor quick sale. 

6f FOSTER 

MOVE WIGHT JN 

«!« EQUITY 

Greatest buy. Convenient la Rcn- orpn end R. Sam. 3 bedroamif rnllv rocni, InvixxmntC! S JEAtJ 
ARTII* MJ-2341, 694-2o27. 

REALTORS - MLS 

(Open 7 dayi a weeV 'til 8 pm) 
828-o755 

PA'RK 

FOR THE 

FT. SAM'ERS 

Thii 4 bedioom, 2 balh h-omo juji off ihe Irlnye of 
Ft. Sam, shopping cefUe.-i, 
O.-K! schools, Weal for a dive duly o: relired m/ilory pcr- sonnel. Low ?o'i. VA end 
No Down Paym<Mir, 

Ciiculc-- d/ive in fro.nf and in 
Teirell Hills. 3 bedrooms, 2 balhi, Uuik-inj slave, dish- waiher, gaibagc disposal, npiw cob.iiGii ar.d panelling, 
^relfy yord. Will ie!l VA U:K! no down payrnenl. 

DEANIE 
OWENS 

Cozy— 

 is Iht- wcrd lor ll'.is comfoirablo 
'ovely JTDT-O. 3 btdiao^i, luige 
Family with fireplace. Only 
$23.ooo 

24 MRS. SERVtCt 

 real estate CD. 
82861o2 

7846 SUNFOR'EST 

CAMELOTS PRJZE. Featuring far- mat nnd Informal tf'r.'ng. Double 

 oven, dlihwasher, finished garage. 
Scparale utility, cc.ilral air, prtv< l^r.ccd fargc corner lol. SWW. I 
"'BOB FOSTER 

TOWNKOUSES 

ANDCimOM 

HOMES 

From $1.9,ooo 

VA or 95V. CONVEN- 
TIONAL FINANCING 

On SUiatEH Dr. 
KtotN.E. Slodism 

GAHREfT BROS. 

BUILDt8S69«.3B8S 

Hill Country Townhouses 
Je* 2 and 3 bcdioo-n 134.CW to 3 
3J.OCO. Ktnr 
Lack^ond'Koliy.'AfCICQl o 
COTiplox-USAA on CulKjgl-.an Ril. '/i | 

. t o f D o n d c r a Rd. r;o [ 
<ANCE_ rt!.. - 
- . - i- 

~ I/, i-7 

GERONIMO 

FOREST 

'^c a* rcw cllting 3 crd 1 

UJIo3TI ^encl en I c-.lt lisdv 'n 
(xljvvf (ejnl>r idijfil si c:ea 

•il '-CTtI IM'JK llitblt QSICJtl. 
Ir(rl3:ev. d«,ii. r?fl-3r(ev. .'3«ly lilts ord tajr'if itlfirg Opfo fe: leipur.CT ..11, d:y 11 11 ic'k. 

68B-3336 
673.14o1 

KIOKlRSWriCOME 
• KICHAMBIALE3TA1I 

 la ec, call 

~ 

 cs ol natjrci fres s trom low 41o. 

 g. ADC fpsic-Ji 4^4 

 bcnralh yc'jl h lo--d. Only 

Ca:J 
1st 

Quick 
Mn Neii 

Hilto 

$ CASH SALE $ 

 h your ftouie. 
Call n «M J&7I. 
Rtal £t1Qte Company _ 
'ESTATE SALES 

We here irvtrol openings Ier a genii in our rcsldcnricl dtpcrtnr.enl. Will 
Iroln unllccAied people. Call 3411322 lor confidential Intervie 

Keed A Home? 

Do vou t-avf 13o o->d l'>-rly 9oo w«)-r'f Coll u>. 3 4 r.fdfcoirs. 
Mlh'., lo-.e (cnkal c'f cr.a uppl oncd. AfiY^P C«X1 (yjy. 
33rS13l 
BOD_DC PAOLO 
H4-K1 

$$$$ TOP CASH $$$$ 

FOR HOMHS OR EQUITIES. 

4»-ttr5 
ALLSTATE i33.)27J 

 rJORTrl 
RCALJSTATC 
SOJJTII 

Prlvolc rnvcilbV Inlercild in p-r- 

 houiei and d.piears. Ca 1 ^JJ-?4<1 
WC-ndqy Ihrg ^OturoX)/ onl I & j-m._ 

$ WILL¥UY '$" 

 your eq-j'ty In 33 mlrvulti M priced 
Tflh 'HUGHES & WAKEFIELD 
914-4)31 
REALTORS i3J-.l? 

 iOUTH_ 
Mt5_- 
_n/'J 

Well Bu/ Your Home 

•I'-or casfl. Pen lervke. \V.-| tro^e. 
5» JiSl 
BOB CKi PAOLO 
JH-« 

We Need A Home 

In Caiire IfMIJ, Akwno Hts. or Olrncs 
Park wllti iw.rrvn'nc) pool, ovJ rcoil 3.7oo m IL Ol living rxeo. 1,'p 
1O ioO.OOO. Coll i1^W3 or 734ol77. 

HohcnbcVger-CoIllns 

1 to 3 acre liucts 

Windwood Estates 

DON SMITH CO. 698-244o 

Hl!n »<•>!» 

6«.?438. 695 S74S 

HARLAKDALE 

 unils w.1h g^od irconv*. V3J.WO. 

KoVjy Kcally 828-o568 

ASSOCATED REALTY 

GL'EN O'AXS 
J3M KIKG EDWARD 

 n Clc-Tont ell brkk nc.v home en 
!t™l coir.er. Beeulliul new tnrccl rs'gn, loroo (ormcl d n.na rocm, jnkcn fomily roo.-n wilh Flrcp'oce. 
II erectric ki1cr-cn 
4 bcaVooni. 1 

 bath, double pa-.c:ed garage, 151,35o. 
" i 4 oihcr Mrr.o in art'O. open y 1-126 

GARRY PAGAN REALTY 1*4-1 Ml . 
C 

Property 

Out of Town 

LaCoiie. l.ike new 3 bMroorr*, ci sclcd Ih r o u g f i O L T l , cc~1rcl ^.C 
1 

 fenced. 513.5oo. Easy trrr~.i. 

_HASKIN5 RtALlY, ?H-4SlS_ 

Owner! i« Wcdgcwosd Way, Devi 
~ 
Large 
Io1, 3 Bctiroorrs, 

 clccir.c Jcitc^rn. d=..blr i 

 pa1-i> cover, b a r-U-q u c nil, 

II icr.c3li. slcrej. 1-661-3! 

LARGE OLDER 6-Ut;iT opar 
C!/rtc to SAC. Gcod D C cup 

Cd lo ic',I. 127.5oo. Aiii 
-.ante, call 341-4466 nowl 

_ *_co. JNC., REALTORS 
~~AN~INVESTORS DREAM 

<-plex near 
Lacx:cnd-Kei[y. A'l ' 

 u~.-.li we leaded. Monlhly foccmt liM, msnlh-y pcymcnl w;o. Lo-« cq uily end oiiuine. 
ORj_CHftM RCAU ESTATE t?<-Hll 

41o& " 
AM bricic opt. 
PCC\\. 
Ccnvcnh 

 keep. 

3-19-1771 

22-1-73C3 

Good-Income Properly 
FOUR nllrocliv* 1 bedroom, llvlni d nlnp room aparl.-ncnll. Nice kllc.! cni. ccnlral heat a.r. Kear school 
ValkyHI Moil. ASSUV.E an appro: 
Imalc SA.O47, S3AO m^ntfly, 7"* V 
1oo^. WJ.OOO. 

REALTORS—MLS-€?<-W3? 

UAf 
"l"V 

.Losy 1o 

HEAL 
ESTATE 

Co. 

4 ynil ApsflnK-nt priced lo lell, 

! Near Ft. Sam Houston 

12 U/1IFS HEAR FT, SAM 

18JO mn. Income, room ro e'B5.nd 
J{_wj__w A r so_fj_A J.QH *33 wo; 
INVESTMENT SEEICER5 

 move right in slic 

CS anyl 

 harri; 

 mrdium slicd 3 Mdroom home...en' lly and c^uTie payments rrf SL?5 

 ear estate 

EL'DOKADO u\Cofir Ifvtng In this th patio htichen, : rely lar.dsc.opcd yari 
-jjui Koallors WLS rwlc* ojj- 

GENE WILSON 

A'dAMO HEIGHTS 

In- 2 nnd 3 bed 
. Alt -with 1. baths 

" fully 
. polios. C a r p e t e d , equipped kitchen. »os. 
174-3349 
IU-5872 
IU-U73 

CAROLYN GRAHAM REALTORS 
Double Brick Fireplace 

Scpcratei forrrwl Ir 

Ing and dining wilh new white shag cnr pet from large family den. 
Freih Ir.iltfc on jaiorel A ortat fa ml I 

 home! Wl.SOQ. REALTOH. 311-11?! 
NaylorRealM 

It's Cheaper Than Rent 
LOW 
£(jgl!v. lo.v r-ayrrvcnr^—3-11/? 

 stove, dlih w a i h c r , rclrlcffato fenced yard 
NORTH LOOP INC., REALTORS 
JH-Sfli 
REALTOR 
*34-£)3_ 

NEW 
LUXURY 
HOMES 
.icluilvo sei-ludocJ orea. 3 cr 4 iM-droo-iii, ? haihi. 2 car oara-^s, 3 

Roviolph. J» la 
133.ooo. 

VOLLA1ER REALTY 

341D131 
4SI-B*»i 

Valencia - 4 Btlrm., 2~ha(h~ 
Large den, lirrptace, carpeted, txiv- 

MARYMONT 
A man lion of 3 ipacioui bedrooms, 3 balhb, den, h-j^c po'io on 1 3o'xl4o' Io1 in Ihii e»clusivc area. 
Marble 

 floor*. Love'y liet!.. 

WHITNEY. WHI1NCY & ASSOC. 

Super 5far 

Sfiierd j grcxiaji liv'-rg <cn he jo 
Ihii bcairlifi:) EntKomed VJhgf Coi- dwrir'n* 2 farge bediecnt, 2Vi halh, dc".tk g/c^f, 9^rfMi PI*O. 

2-i MRS. SERVICE 

HUGE O'AKS 

D c a u t l l u l aero lot. Prdly c.-.lry oaks 1hru cUilngroam. to u^pcr pa- io arwl poal area. Den looks o_-l on owcr polio BrcoV/ail area apcns lo 

 sn green ptcnl^. -<-21/i, p o p u l a r oilJiMXKl E si ales. 
JM2J1 
«U*5MO 
/ 
«li-W3 

CAROLYN GRAHAM REALTORS 

EL D'O'RADO 

 t offering of this 4 bcdrco, 

 balh ho-nt. Lovely kitchen wila dcu- i'e self clccnirvg ovens ar.d specious m lor Ir-.c g'ow-in] lam:ty.u(iorillir wr-ltec clasWcaBI starcal brcckfo c lc ielf cteonlni ovcnj ana specious xrokfri^ area is Ideal for Ihe giow- ng Icur.n/. Uullt In bar ond onlcr- a'J-.mcnl ccnlcr. Enjoy Ihe uniquely ipon;j!i landicoptd yard (hot 

HILLTOP VJFW 

Yours from Inli luih 

- bcUer Iliwi new 
MM ol ppseaNnn I 
Ms.' REALTOR. 

 d r e a m home ovt-r- 
P rdr o 
. priced 
Iwln/i |pr 

 looking San 
. BarcKj. 
- Coll Iwln/i |p provemcnlsi Lov 
. 
. 
. 
NaylorReaty 

WINDCREST 

4 bedroom, 2V'j bolh, trltk be outslciKl'nq local Ion. Have yo. .._ cri c Icrge fotmol dininrj roorn ar.d 

 fith buill i 

. 

 nd frrc- 

 an qe. ( i e dcublc all netted p 

Lorwiicapcd and (enccd. Wcny r« 
Iroi. A p p r o * . 7,i7o sff. fl. Call 
George LcGrond 655-o7o?, 6^ OSiS. 

SPOKTSMANS PAHAUISE | 
Heetf room tcr a bM» or tompcr? 
This lovely tion-.c lacatcJ on a cul- 

 c has 1hls +paneled Sen v,hh n bar. Low pl'e shai carpet, crge ullUty rosm. 117? per mo. 

 lOB FOSTER 

Assume, 3 bcdioom, iVi bDlh, cci 

45M12I 

, REALTY 

Lovely 1 ftoiJrocm hame, wilh ten liul Irecl end c:r, bjilt in fcitche.% large to.T.lly room, 18X31 covered polls, VA-FHA. Call now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

G7G 571 S 
~ 
6TO-OWO 

$25oo Equity $148 Mo. 
3-1 wilh, garage, lias rar.cjc. Ciii!/c 
(•.cot a-d air. 
CALL CUNMA. REALTY 
6MjlJ^ 

1 Two-ilory ilucco executive man- sion. Hug* 11 roam home Including large muilc ro&nK 3 Uolh.i, 3 renfci unili with Income ol $4U monlhly on M acre corner. 3«MU7, 4U-r" 

ATTRACTIVE 

OQfAY 2 bLdroom brlcV. Ito 

COKfiLR LOJ! Ccn»cr.ic-i1 t dcl|>v'. Ft. Sa-m. G o r d o n , rrcs. DnCFUHOUSE! S c t r jw.-ch lor summer c n | o y 
S3 3. ooo. 

Jc NO CITY c:ct 
II- Dr. Ironi'crred. 

 c-o^i Mvlngdlnlng atea, -1-2-3. i 

3 1 n I c 

H2.oCO. 34ZO2I1 ANYTIME. 

 nee. Priced CM RLIIIman Rd., 3-2-2 vsilh larrily 

•n, buiM in k i t c h e n , p-ivoty 
:c, ccnlial hoat a"-d a.r. S3WO PO 

 end a«umc pnyn>c.nls of 1227 

R f A L T 

ROSOW & KIINE 

)w.-.er leaving ctly. 
--, A^k lor Pc,t. 

NOWTH'BAST SCHOOLS 
Lcr/cly norlhsrrfc 2 bcdrcom hotv.e, 
'im'ly roam, or.ly 116.ooo. VA 
. Intmcd a1c occuponcv- I t tur.dillon. 73b-4Tft; nilc 

CANTU, Realtors 

We Buy nnd Sell Real Fr.!3lc 

TfRR'ELL HILLS 

 i area of lire homos. Tb 

 brcakfasl bay. 3 larrjc boirocrrts, ii*cit room, ?'/? bnihs plui q-^-nrtcr: 
Ui-*73S 
B1+-JI79 
I5t-»i7 

CAROLYN C Ml I AM REALTORS 
3-2-2-$25oo EQUITY 

All clctlr-c kllclicn, carpeted, [xn- 
, 
. 

CALL_CUNH/V ALTY _ _ 
I£ 

 ier will idl 2 rcnl iiouics, i~or 

Each has 
3 beck corns. 
1 ynrd. Good In- 

. _ ._ 
- „ - ing N o r t h w e s I nrca. i 1o,COO and SI3.J3o. 4S5-1oo& 

 join, Icrge lenred veitmenl in grawim 

PRICE REDl/CED 

 tiCfc can yoj fl"d o 5 cxxliccm rlck rwvr.e wltn cedcr Tool, Icmlly txjm. tlettflc VHcvcn, ccnlral f'cal lr lor only S3?r7oo? Ar.d r\\om, 

 wo'k to elcrrwnloiy 

Nortrt Star V.nll! 

REALTOR 
73^751 

BUY OR RENT WITH OPTIOH 

3-1-1. Central OT-hea1. Lctaltd In 
Ihe HKii. Call 34?«2:. 

Assume e,n 4 
. 

 hi.se. 
Excellent cordilio 

Cut i!snc. Control hcar-o:r. 
1hr<xj^-TO-ji. A 9ooo return in/e\1m-nl. o'r Qrocd^cy. 
! 834 tWi 
REALTORS 

 nit cot 

Austin 

 arpeted 

PLANHIMO TO SELLT 

LeT o* approve your properly orwj 

$ CASH FOR HOMES $ 
IM ill? TOM QABRISa/l <J44;U 

.,_^ HOUSE 

4 S;ii 51M137 
:LL REAL ESTATE 

 what you oe1 

Builder Offers 

(U Ssn F'cdro H-iis, Shod/ OcVj t'-lt 1A. ? 
STORY 

(Jt 2.oC3 TO 3,ooo SQ. FT. 
Ui LARGE OAK-TWEEO LOTS tS» CITY UTU ITIftS 

Avc''abie F'or Yojr Inspection 

DAILY V4 P.M. 

Uorlti en Sai Pedro, r.'jhl on Qrock- ho.la-w, left on Enci.-i GrcnJe. 
HJANK NKKI.Y & ASSOCS. 

HOME SHOW 

CO/Ati IIY oM cho:A-; y&v' 

 ie, iclicl ihe colors you prefer. 
UC'iV 3 ond 4 Ccd/o^ t.o-i-.es 

MODRL 
HOW.n 
<il 
3114 
ItOI'C 

CHEST [olf P Off ho t I c n), OPEN 
SATURDAY fyrt 
SUHOAY, 
7^ 
:r^ /^.ve been prcicrvr-d. l;ro,-n 

" BOERNE 

5 ell re* hu-nei bdin corrplrlrrf f 
I'-e l.rif lln-e Jn Chap7r^cl Cr«,V a-J1.ll*>. Priced l>l.Wo 
To lil.MO 

Drive up far*ly. Ti,rn rljht of C(' 
Irollic ll'jhl In Clocrne |3 Criopon 
Creek, open DC I/. 1'349<75;|. 

Sfllllfocllon plul II whol you I i d en Allied od,v«:iri en Exprcis-Nc-^% 

PORT ARANSAS 

FOR SALE 
Mustang Isle 
Condominiums 

 i: b.:cl.c 

V/,- I,ti» 

 in l<:ft 

COT.-: >.,, I 

 rtnll Fo-on 

 r.ilfd olitT f. toiler. 

S toiV, 

 cppc.rl>r.cr,> 

BRYAN'S MOORE 

. REALTY 

I llou><i<—Narlho 

FIRST TIME ON VAKKRT 

> Near McArthur Hi 

Smcrt R n n d om itonp, ].?, (Jen 

 tovetcd r-o'io. Yo--rw> | oor pfcn 

TJ>. 376 2317. 

OFF SAN PEDRO CLOSE 

 hto1-tJlr, copied puik) 

•fO^C. Ur^Jcr Sjrt.OOO. 

_ 
R. BARNBEY5 

New In NorthcrFlinis htdroam, r/i both. FriJKfa tlyll 

 fflTeSST "''"*' 
319-M17 

TJII-; BURNS COMPANY 

A Lot For A LIUlc 

E. TEH HELL HILLS. 3 becJrccn fuliy carp«lely, all kltcTvcfi cpptlo- 

 cfS. Ce.llrol c'r. Security harj a. crcynd. Covered patio, tree il-.oicd id. lif- schools. Convcn.er.1 lo sho 

I---o Only 1JS.S/D. 
^ R Atf DO LPH Ji E ALT Y 4«-SJfll. 

MAKE THIS CASTLE~ 

'OUR "SOLID COLD HOME" tn 
'R8STIGE AREA of lino ho-rt 
Tij 2 sfory, lOOV. ROCK slriKlo xwit Huot 
HOO-v.s end GKA 

IOUS ATMOSPHERE. -I bed.-oomi ucp'cccd (or rno I living 

:toi—tJ-i r!o--*n pa/rne-.t, a-.ycr.t 
Ojy. 3 fcedroo-iii, itove, rclrlg- 
'•, heal, air, drjt paymcnl In 

HI 
BOB De PAOLO 
Sll'JJSl 

, 

 r a i n y day. 
Hear 
Pool, iJiop 

S3W»M 
B14-3M* e3tW7 

_CAROLYM GRAHAM REALTORS foWHKOU'sE!"~C h oVTrTlVg 2 be room, 2 txjff>, lully carrK:1cd. ell Ihe up,',1 fences. i«SO erjull/, 
HSO pa/- 

 fJearly ?,ooo v\. ft. HMlcrn Cofonl ol J bedrocn-i, 2 balhi, one sloi brick. A'crrw KelglJi 
School 
Oil 

 flcr. txecut.ve licrre for *,-ilcrla'r. 
Inj. Loli nf ihag carpellnrj and pon- el'na. , Aiiunif S'i morlga^e. Urwlcr 
1W-MO. Call a«-lHl, ovcninci-Sun- 

 t-r^A^rVU*A,£?., 

 north Slgr cntj l;. UeMf rfdecorotej I 
- 

A-jiim a isndiro-ie. Lorx ll 
. 
O.n.ny rr>o.-n, ? bedioO'ni. 

 th, clcrv, polls, fenced yorrj. |» 

Smell Form, v/e BUY and STLL. f-RANX COriZALEZ, REALTOR 

44o4 N«galhoi, ni-S1l| 

"Slienaiirioali Townhmisis" 
Ht# enfl and two ll«ry cocdomi- 

M.iM o v o U a b < • ier limited lime. 
])]» Vance One*] on. call M4-4«| or 

ROBT. L. ORAOO, OUILDoR, JNC. 

CBO'rVH RIOOE TOwiU1oUSE~ 

RY QViHEff. S^jj't level, tlub prl- 

Oy OwntfPJril Lilting 
• prlvoty In Carrelil II. 
. J rxilhi, ? c<v c-arctge fcmllir' 
/OOTl v.ltli |.r« 

FIREPLACE 

 lioln ro<'Kt.l , |,rc\d'l!) ieif! 

oTH LOOM INC., REALTORS 

 ftRKABtr iplif-le/el rome, 1 

I'vino orea, ri ce nicr*n. 3 
" ' m, oil carpeted. 3 dec- d-vdi'e pjntlrd flornye. 

^LTO R S__=-__WLLS 
— 
17 <. «31 

COUNTRY UVIKG 

. i all clly conven:er.cci. Lovely 

 ofder horne In p/ciUcfegi area v;Mh 

• 2JM1 iq. II. OF llv.nrj spoco + ii quo.'Icr & ar-o" iloia^e crca 

 i P/j rMjtJii. Priced in rrie VX>i i3«7. Rcoiro-s r.-.LS rnks &si wi* 
GENE WILSON_ 

/E'RE "LbViri'&"lT( 
Owner i*iyi 

Hclpl" lie's been trcm.!erred ord an't rriC.l.e bolh noyrrcnU. Framlly 
•yle X 2-;, r*djccrt to S78.ZiO. 

 llOB RODGER) 45HJO 

 ra\\ ei«.1y," r/j% "micreH. ~tl 

>vmef, 3 bedroom, I txi'h, lentc 

 loia'. 3<1-:744._7JS I15?._ 
^ 

Park Vlllagc-NE Schooir 

525o Frrclcrlctehurg Rcl. 

SOLD OUT 

V/e llrv.t Cur luringi so v/e CUT rj 
1rvol "Perior-oii/ed Servic*" V;c cd verilto dgll,, riul lh*m In MLS nnJ 
J.ave bfrn seil.'ng Itiem 1o fait tro we are nc« So!d Outl Broaoinal 
Let ui p'cvt >t. (JBIJli niohlt. 

Dixie Rose 

1 73M Anytlrr 

CAMtLOT 

J-2-7 o*1 cul.<fe-$oc. Citlrxi lortj* H 

 a-v] poneim (orr»Jly roo-n. Large 

I bed- oo-v va-'J, mooy e«lrul. 3 yeora ok) in e-xcer.enl condn»«n. *1I,!XX) for 

774 prrl otn*r* J% Itrai, Ow 

 fl'olerf twr 
Cill 1oTnyl 
,. 

N'orm JUanrhnril 
311-7135 

11 wf^l yoj 
Q<| 

 thiui lon-ll/ home, 
-e JO'). 2 both*. O-M) 

 rn-im v/Ilr> Frgnkll 

«clric l-ilchtn, txa rreri b'X.r. yrjrtf wilft 

FOR FAST lilt* Itrvic* with no Or reeifiary d«!o/ UI ALAMO T1TL 
C», hflndlt Iht d*at. «^«H. i'il6flE"VOUR,"v/V>T™AD-M5-1V I'ltOIIC YOUH 

 ilc Cnlng 

 fte;s 

'omliy f with hat, 

 ar^J AVAIL,\QLE 
, 
IOV/. ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLb. Of 

REALTORS 
— 
M1.S 
— ^W 

 ir CAMELOT ir 
IMMEDIATE POSSESSION 

OWNER'S ANXIOUS 

517S GALAHAD 
3 hcrlroom 

Exrra n^cc kiltlien w 

IVolklnt; a I s t 

:l>o=ls. Cot I t'.Qc. , 

6S3- 

JUST LISTED 

14x22 Family Room 

VITH FIREPLACE. 3 tarpclcd li*d- 
'Oomi, Lnrrje Iwmal dining. Ins I Jo aur.dry. ScrctnoJ-ln covered polio. 
'It: SCHOOLS. Only S31.SOO. 6Si-3S81. 

"fflREESE HENRY 

TERRELL HILLS 

NEW LISTING 

Ionicrrporcry iccilng In Ih'.s 1 i1or ainblcr 1hat has (:>d3orK>'j!do3r a n o 4 n h c r c. 1 Ivingr o-jm wlUi llri j'aco, dinlnqrocm, don. 3 bctlrcon'.' imoslcr hji itixJ^) 
2 batits i-Iu 

 join connccrrd 1o carport. Alam iSllf,1; s^°'-i- 
««.im 

CAROLYM GRAHAM REALTORS 
EAST TERRliLL HILL^ CORNER 

3-1-1, central l-cal-alr, co'pcl 
In 
^irq-d nlr-s AiSj;ir.c i'.iVj VA pay- 
"BUDDY UECKER 

I24-7J&J 
*«-S 

BIG 4 BED'RO'O'MS" 

 u!lllly 'room, b-jilt In XMchcn, 
" ' 
School. Over USD *- 
6S6-13M o 

JUST LI5TED1 

 jnkf.i living rco: 

 g 1-1-2. O u i e I co I-de 
_ :c. Leis man 
I Old, O w n e r ti 
1 ferrcd. 

_______ 

OWNEK, 4 tcdrconi,, I1 e. 
SOSDO caull/. »iiur 

Wl-3316 Oft. 6. 

OVmOOKWG CITY 
•reslige c'co, mot I liveaVe 3-2-2 

-.aslef bedroom. Plush w-lti c/i hir.g, cxccjit price! 

JOHN RAYNOR 

C). 

? hnlh home. 

NEiW LISTING ilcfy lirick In, cuccllcnl location. lomo nely<i1s vhaoli. Llvlngrooni, 

'co, mcdorn Klkhtn. 4 bet: rocm 
•In* u.Tvlalrs sIlKrvjroom, 2'/i holhs. 

_ CAROLYfj_C R AHAM JR E A LTOJR S_ 
Mcdcrn oil elcctric"3-"l-i'"airhritk on 

~THE~UNUSUAL 6NE~" 
A most i>nus*,-al JcsiQn ^ritti Saltlllo 

In loyer, kilchci ond d^'.'iin- 

11. wMh sunken living room, torn- nrcn \vltn liroptacc. Low monlr-.ty 

GENE^ WILSON 

 pntCE REDUCED WCOO equity, Sl~49 rr-onln p a y m e n t , balance ill.SOO. 
Tins hon^c is >1-1 v.itn lorfjc rol end 
Ic-ncrd back yard a-^U very tlccn.- 
O'.vner \v;ll corry a second nc!c. Q^ 

. GE2-7429. 

S C H E R T Z . 3 bedroom, central l.ccl-alr, v/alkini t.'"s1ance lo scrwict 
In cxrclk-nl co^iMion. Only 119,5oo, 

VARNER REALTY ssa-*3is 
Niies iii-sna 

REALTOR 

!•.! 

 cfib ic WST'LO'C'AT i ofFiri~fE Rn"ELL \ 

? hcdroorri, vfllh 
Fireplace. 

LOW EQUITY 
OWNER MUST SELL 

 i-n-acu'nlo 3 bedrco-n. 2 bath home ilh o bcoulitul poncled Uen, ti/x-j- 
/ U-_'iH In kitchen, f.'.cc Arllvjr H'nh 
3s1n:1, t] u I c k ooiSCiskMi, 12S.7SO. 
H-72oJ, n.lc-S 3J1-74oo. RTAl.TORS 

A^k For OLIVE DIZZELLE 

Area's Best Buy! 

VILLAGU 
NORTH: 

-MleO den scpu- es corpeKcJ nKj-s- 

 sulfe Ironi chil- 

-1 or f?<.cs( ixlrnis 

 and tKiIli. Fully tjl.Mn kilc^w, o1:1 carc'je. cenlrrl air, r.nllo nr.a p-lva- r^ 
Icnrc. 
If,1 MACULATE! 
$W,?W. 

REALTOR 3«1-?19I.. 
NcwbrRealtu 

®~Must Sell 

Ycu'vo a lovely 
I i 

 ilrcd tlw exterior OF thli 

^rxK;Cu^ 3 hcV 
IFI'l. 
~ 

_ 
_ 
_ 

CAMELOT, i?o3 Coi1lp"Way,~ 
IlritV, 3-2-7. O.vncr, Lquily. Al! 
' loan. Trees.Piivocy tciicc. La roaiis. 653o415. 

WAIKTO .. . 

.. .. 

 u.- Tefroce. Ccnfial clcclrlc 

J large fciilly crca, pallo 

6\iy 
Co. 

REALTORS _ --_ AAL5 — 

Just Listed 

 pon-^lur Vllin^c Nsrlh. C oJ-osn ie. Cc 
, 

 n'cnt to ^chcol', (V/alk yl. II c v; I y rJcc:j-3l rcqc i;>cte. 531. iM 

REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

 botJ r oan^. ccnl'r 

 menl.My, 317-939J. Si 
-Ancrs Av.n. 

 icr win sell 1 rcnl houses, bolh. Each has 3 bteroerm , l nnin, tar go fenced yurd. Good, invcilnx-a! 
In frowlmj Ncrllif-ait Area. SlD.rXI 

Bd 113,5oo._6SS-S«W. 
WilSHIRE TERRACE 

A BL-DKOOMS 

2 nalli, 2 t,ar ciarcqc. turfio rjaidcn 
Ulcncn, Irlcal for brio lomlly. Nrar 

 rcry tosci. Ron WcltiOrlliSn 6SJ- 

Ofll? 451-1735 

o 'cqglly, $"l35 mo. 
Ely o-Ancr. 

7oo1. 

CREST HA'VEWT l.oi cc 
1 Uc'dVoon'i 

 i'wficr ».MI icdcco'ale coinpic1 r;l'y' lii" slrto and ojt. Ho <frt,n 
VA. Call 

HUGHES R. WAKE-FIELD 

6(8 -SS17 
REALTORS 
??1 £U1 

 rjQKTH 
Aftl.s 
IPJJ'H 

^ Coronado Viffage *fc 

BY OWNER 

OUALJI'YING. a " 

6?i-742o ncnjiKul 
L!fJroo:iV 

WAYNE SLATER 
«7i-7« 

 con d I lien in and out. 

.1 a-(J rtcn. 

?S ' n'.o , 5'.-;% 

[}O_Q_jONi:s, REftLT 

VALENCIA 

 thrj 
M.I 

Some lucky Buyer 

VMI (jel ihls 7*'^ loan onrf 11M pay- 
---nl* for a super reascnable cqjl- 

Lcnd^corxd, well ktpt 4 bed- m. i (wlh, central o r-^cot, car- 

 per, fforaje. DeLa.-iey Really 65J-OSM, 

: PI 

 i-n. p.- 

 lon-.Hy 

:o".'J.llo.v. 

BY OWNER 

B. COOPER 

Jil-1174 iS3-3«I 
:*!_-! 3*7 j 

TERRY COURT 
~ 

1 Ov.r,e i 1 r c c 
It I ah 

 on rlca:) i 

 t, rcnr Dratl p.~.r:d-:e Pn celling o*crl-o-i1 rorwiir 

 n Cb, 

So Hilled (cno-.t. 
'.i% loan. 7So7 

:at oi-.j air. Kcnred 

ONLY 1^,5oo. 3-3-1 

 t r o l. HeovHKt/e 

CANT. 111o r>er monlh 

ANYTIME. 

 lrt d;n, 

Bi REESE HENRY 

^E L"DORATj6~^"'rb"v; fj"E H 
, O^er 1JOO tq.H, beonvcd tolhe 

 rc:iinrjs. Co^nlry kitchen, cov 
|:oMo. ovaltaU'c. Jtme i/,oo 

VA or red -ranee. WK 
,. «s.i;»__ 

VA, Eqjll/.' IU7 rno! 

 i Cfr, r wTHXk fed 
3-1, t 

 p, drla:hed itorurji htat, cnrr>cl, roof oil i 

^1. 
1?oo S«|^_ll. 
O/r 

1 if "OVflt(• R ™J-7-7,~ v 
/A. a i vjrnritl t>.i. In LI 

 itMy or i 

, cenirnl 

Dot. rr^x 

ROOSEVELfHiGH" n a r I I n o 3 Ixstrown b- f,k 
Irlm. EIIQ overeit pallo. lots of tr^ei. i!9,QOO, 

MO-1771 

Foully nnd ostu.-«o 
Salisbury. EH 4183, 

"MODERNIZE" 

 ur lilc styip in mil b 

 kllchcn wIVi rjithv,o^ 
. 

1o!. 3 Ce<lroom, 3 bath. I c e liamo 
Vfith central c' 

 me up lo dole now. C 

REALTY 

 if Ow 

:ng 

_ 
_ 

 r, CoT.crdf" il. 4?7~CTv' a-n, family rcom, pi I v 

 io, irtil. 

J.E^Sthco'S. 1.631 Sail. «3-»« _ 

R i 2-2 Grand ncw-lr'aiii* 
S jq-ir carpti, j'ri-piace, ly. ^?^4 m=n!lily. 6S3 C/Sj. 

PRICE REDUCED ~-£~ 

V/iiF icll V.A., t lorne b^c?ro3int 1 both, living a.ij dining oreo, pallo, tH cf itcrcgc. Cell 
814-1521 
MMei IH 
1747 

 iniprion. 

654 o5i2 

CW^4 BEI1E o91HER 

 ny~Ov.-r.rr."o<iL,n>onir3-2-?, IcaluVc-, wk it^fldc^l iMxijIilully la rid icoi'r> I la^-n, ccvfrcil r-i1fr>, cnllutlral cc !• 
In^S. laiiie fnnillc rccm VHcrcn rwrfi l'«rci>lncc In nwi^lcr bcdJ-ocm. I..II,- 

Grs o'-lt 4 

 hoilroinii. ttcaulilul connirioo. Nonr 
';o'l cojrie. A lamlly <lrcnni ol It-Is l^'ce. iEE 
TOL>AY1 
65S-3SS-I 
ANY- 

 i REESE HENRY_ 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

Sliwin.-^ (i-u spiclous 3??, b-jltt for lail nn cn-o^nunl . Fcfllurlnij laid- 

 ynril. 
Ml|ii (olnl iprlnVlcr 

 i, or.fi n>jf u more. DcLoncy 

«3oS5o or 413 Wj 1 tve- 

3J6.J13t SPCNCER REALTY 
1-J1 Fenced yarn," rcn^? 
UHr>o^al ccn'inl an, heat. 

UrnuM 

 iJ.'.hATiiher jf."i?mli 

 uv O\VNI-:K 

'EXECUTIVE HOME 
S1ICHV/OOO OAKS. 1oo% brick. 5 roamt. 3Vj twfM, tiding, rVr.lng 

 rnm!l/, hreaVfail ronns i STUDY 
AtlD WORKSHOP! P r i v a c y yonl v/llrt 
OEAUTJKUL OAK 
T R E L S, 
' ' ---------- 

(b. 

LOW K41UITY 

 oilrnl jil/. 

MORE SQ. FT. 

 arvl nuo).|^ for 1tio 1 Ihon yo<j ccr 
KI leva, 1 bcdroa-n), wllti icpurnte- moiler lor prlvaty. Lnryc den wilh llrcpluco. Crnlral air. Lovely v ' " 
SfXjrlth. VH.-MO! 

Hnliy llrnHy 828-o558 

SAN PED'RO HILLS 

 iKil or.'I 

_ .AELOr-BY OWNER. 1 
/V. VA. Pa/rrwnli ^MS m 
H.o» liaulty. Available Jn- 

S p r> n I l h ilyllr.g In QIC/ mick. TiHJ «nlry l-ull. Inn 

 hai colna-lrnl celling, w^o llrep'nce «n*l ^i.it 
In rrt 

Oveuiicfl elecirlc fcitche 

 teponle uliM/. J lu»:/h ro«mi, 2 decorator bnlM. 
. 

BOB FOSTER 

Fh'i Spnn.ih xiih, Villu Ro 

Deanie Owens 

• 3-7-!, li. Tr i ny oppo'nFn-c 

VILLAGE NORTH 

 nkn jrppllng. rnnpc, Jlspoio!, nlayMo.no, fence* 

'.rfj.roo Incfurtc* cnbiiy n-Ki V- '-. V vjlh 1131 nionir.iY._t««i)]. lovely 2-3 llcdrooni»."j Ixiifi," sr-«ik 

 ernlinh' al?' Vul,1' liw 'i/Tf/Vl!^' 
S c H o o l s , wrrllc fo Go!/ Co\,rio, 

HI-MW^ OWtJlIH. IN-/MV 

 l "or lell, "1o i 

 llear Pi. 's'wTvt 
£X i^lurii. Cn I o lr*i 

JUST LISTED 

 in ALAMO Hr.lCIIT', Dl?.f 
3 1,-, rrtrx-i -DOLL HOUSE" v;,lli rril f!rnt cri'liK-.s. criilml I enl ulr 
1i[r 

o6, 

RCAI.TOBS -- 
WI.S 
— ill mi 

OAK 'GROVE 
J l^.lrrrjm, !',> dolli (j>cclfeo1 liv lion. Uk« nvft ton:] I Hon. I'ri.^l ( 
11*,/M. TWi It n ilcril. Coll lor r?i 

^ Mac Arthur High -)4f linmiXifln'c. Cn.'rrlcrl vollli Air, 
3 ilcJ'co.-n. rile lln'ii. Allirr|M>t] 

 ti;,SW. Low VA-I Hft . 

/ 
CfTI llGM\ i y1 i rr.o 

Beautifully Decorated 

 pro*, fcl/'rt, I7AJI nK^nlhl"/, ft'A*/, i/A i". QUICK ['OV.I.'.VONI 117,71o. 

Oi'ipman Co. 

WINDCRCST 
IIY «y/rji>R 
. ill nr; '.flmoll. Anntnp t.v,-\ 

Don'l Mil-, Tlioio -^~ 

824-4521 Tumor flaally 

CAM'CIOT 

, . i , , ' - 

, ,n VJ'r "wl 

GENE WILSON 
GENEWilSON 

Worry-Free Worto 

OF 

WINDCREST 

We shop Illl you llncl II. 
Profottlonal, courteoui- 

 txporiBncad foivlco owolli youf call. Ouf oxcluilvo In- ventory oflou clioko ofi 

A Town liouio, 
A gardtm Horn?, 

4 fine proowned hornet, 

A duplex, 

2 now executive hornet. 

Save flmo, manoy and worry. 

See or call ui today. 
Wo Wafttta Hclpl 
45o7 WoliomRd. 

655-3584 Anyrlmo m REESE HENRY 

TERRELL HOTS 

J HO". JChooll, M'A, ; . dinln? room, Jtnced, Jrtea. $11,75o, jrtU down, SIJ9 month. 
JOE CHftPMAM REALTOR tH 
ArcMI«t« fiwrte, El Dorodo, 
Owi, OoThtdrol ceilings, 7% VA, or red nonce. 41!»«. 

634-I85J ' 'T 
S4M417 

THE BURNS COMPANY 

11; 'ROAD 

Handsome 2 story brick on lot large enough for a poot. Sepa rain dWno, room, den WITH fireplace, breoMtt 
»/. 3 lortfe bedroomtf oueit room 
"V^^bolhi, qwirlers. *M-i27? 732-1J? 

CARQLVH GRAHAM REALToRS 

PARK 
V IL-LAGE, 
Dy Owner, 
NEI5D) 5-1, air, all a p p l i a n c e s , if nee d yard, larot cover*! pal r», 
J15oo Eqult/ and assume. all tr_*prn. 
_ 
_____ 

4 bedroom, rxurte o.n ''j11 com- fnerctol loT. 
73U4M 
C.P. KOSUD 
WMJi+1 

3?-3, 3'A years o^d, belter than new. 
All Kllchcn appliances, wall to wall carpet throughou!, drapes, cevered polio, mony notutdl Irees. Equity polio, i 
«,5oo. t 

CHILDREN DIVING 

YOU BATTY? 

Give ihern «och IheV own bedroom! 
TMl lovely 4 bedroom 2 btfn home 
In HE school dlilrlct was meant far kidl, Double gorarnj, central a:r end teal. 6217. per fno, W6-9471. 

BOB FOSTER 

ASK FOR OUR 

FREE 

HOMIS FOR IIVING nijoilit. 
*rlii*« IOOKINO (« a tint 
MOVING Olilu Ibi U.'lirf Slclll, " not* a n4)«ilr« \\si:*i htoui 
MX h Su Anl«-4. l«''ll«n. HOMI1 mlOtZHt g'ni fdMli, uli», ori lil«Nfkn nkciil IU ctio In nhklr lyeuori InKtnKd. Wi tin In1! VH b»r cr nil tul [itcl. uUill tnr«"V« In Ihi rus'm SI. lot it(. ml offidi. tH «f}. 
' 
• 
. 

CAipnm 

REALTORS 

SUPER film 

 rs* ttff\tr\ 
4 6fdr*cnT, IV 

DM largt Hying area wiin ftri lormil dining room. Skfi in 

Near Rrackenrldgc Park 

QuUt street-; owner home* In e«« lent condition. Largo rooms, Won ceilings, tr«e\i tot. 2 pice bedrooms breofchuT boy In Kitchen, — — 

CAROLYN GRAHAM REALTORS' 
:. TJ&KEU H1LS HOTS 

 rmrnccukite i story on corner, bear-conn, •} balJ-.s, hurjc con%bo Ihf 
'-ff with electric kitchen, pcol roon 
. ir, covered pallo, privacy lcrw_ 
«-.Vlher c»,ro>. VA o, FHA 

BUDDY DECKER 

TCHREL'L HWL!S 

Manalflcent 4 bedroom 3 txilh hon* wllh ponded den, farmer dlr/m 

REAtTY 

-^ EL DORADO •^' 

3-2-3, NEISD, 2 years old, fully cor* peted, ^andsnped, cJub facilities, very cleon.oul atondlrvg vali>e, 7W 
VA, t-cw OP'S. OVfflER. d55-97ai 

 dLfTC AND DISCREET 

Thii 4 bedrctnr, syt bolh cutlom built home far tho icmlly who wonts lo mave UP. So many n i c e t i e s ! 
Large fomllir1 room wllli f:rec!ace, electric kitchen, faro* potto. Immac- ulate cofidlllon IhrouQhout. A pr oo-JS deal of an economy price, 

Deanie Owens 

 hTO'RfTHEASlr SCHOOLS 
NUe 3 bftoVoorm carpil, cenfrol air, heat. Only t yean old. Small down and ativrm SliO monthly paymiat. 
No QVJ all lying. 34HU7, 616 UU. 
Don C<mtuill 

Immediate 'Possession 

Reaerrcy Place - 4-7-2, den, ullllt otto, 3,ooo sq. ft. $4<5,$CO. 
- 2924 
CALL 
NOW 
SB 

Clint Leake Co. 

Large Executive 

 story home , 5 bedrooms, 3 fu 
.ai-hi, on cul-de-sac, in Norh-,ea 
San Antonro. V/alti to Elemenla schocH, duS, pool and Tennis cour 
Low Interest lean, 

CaU 655-6848 

NiWONMAMKIT 

'eilicl For mUfory — ntpf Fl, 
Sam. LoviV b>[ck 3 b«dfoom..2 txilh home oh cofntr lot. Dovb!l garago wllh mUch Itoragt ipace. Allum« 6% VA loon or refinance. Lo* 33oi. Phone 
824o213, 

Waiting Far 
A Bargain 

We hovo 2 oath wllli I1/, balh 
•arvj 3 bedroom. Moat and <lean. low low cquilifli in Sfjllol Pkxa. 

24 HB5. SERVICE 

Expf*wN«w«, SaJordoy, April 13, 1974 - Golden Twin 
Fog* 9D 

"O/d World Charm" 

 wllh modern convenient!, 5 bedrooms, 5 full batfis,. plus 2 powder rooms, 2 fireplaces, central air-heat, quarters and greenhouse, 2 acrei on corner lot. A magnificent Spanish Estate with features lo numerous to manlion. Call today for appointment. $98,ooo. 

24 HRS. SERVICE 

828-61o2 

'PERR'fN PWRK 

,, specious) 3 bed/OCX othl, family room* trioclrte ' i with txcoKfoat areo with d ) tow, ouvom sbaaci. The i 

Deanie Owens, 

LARGE FAMILY HOME . 
Surrounded b/ line horr.ei. 2 tfofy vllh 4 bedroom/ 1'A bq'ns/ sepq- ole llvlna ond-dlnlno .roomi, loro« kn, Lovely bull! In klkhen. Corner. 
1,5oo fTM-1477, 6S5-4S47. 
ASSOCIATED REALTY 
M A C A R T H U R TERRACE * 

OWNER. 
Yench provincial • 4 ueaToo.Ti i omlied 2 storv home, wflh oil ..™ oHractlvc features. V/alK to Mot- 
Arthur HI, Elem, and moll. Giant rcrd on' qac) Cul-tk-soc, 144,5oo. 
J5S-?751 

OAK KILLS TERRACE 

_ 
.ovely ^p«iwiri JUvcied 3 bi6eci, ! 

U 

 bolb, itpciofi J^rlrg retre, v»od- laming (Jtplctt, tiKloitrf $«ic<|i. 
Blwoi pihrcfv liwed yyd. ttr>6klt\f 

Kdiioritiv. Co4 Vno 734-2«jTirH« 
| 
73J-747B. 

* 
JEFFERSON AREA 
U Btiutifiil 2 ifoiy oft riiair, 4 f ' bl4JOWi!, Crl», livir^ rocm, far'jtg 
It isam, rnod*ia kltihin, flaitt 
A 

 qvvtin. Coll Eul Spa/row, ?«•?<«. 

. 

^TRERTSA TOUCH Of 

MEXICO 

 fn lliil vrhflo Span it h ilucco with garden courl/ard. 3-3:2, pVit poilibfe 4th bcaVoom ana treed 
OCF« wilh pool, cabona, MUCH 
MUCH MORE. Hoi met HI. 
$58,5oo. 
By owner. 
435-o465. 
' 

ADAMS HILL 
BY OWNER 

I year old, 3 bedroom, single living area home with fireplace. Well landscaped wilh fish- pond <jnd waterfall. 
Low;Equity, Doctor be- ing" 
1 transferred. 

$33,4oo. Principals only. 

674-6851 

Raffing Rfcfee 

CIlH l« !«(•!!<«• 
M<«nl Ctrl II r> Ut» • 

NowForSulo 

4838 Shadydafe 

Ittll Jil ITHTK, < Mittm, J bctlrl. 
1875 ^. fl., sipwrfl din^n^ p«lll^ 

 r^on inrf triikloil flrfa, 

 riore, Colihf d 2 w gcri 

 r^c«^v(eTCiidpGli«. 

BySaundors & 
Trieschmanr), 

Realtors 

4U.B5I 

2 Larse, lovely 3 bedroom home convenient la FF. Sa.'n and narlheotl 
SA. VA-FHA. Will 1rfld». 

JACK MITCHELL 

878-5715 - ' 
«tK)2(IO 

Mdroom, garaac, central air, extra nice, Only *5SO <JOwn to FHA buyer. 
No do-«n 
41J-M9S 

 ly HS 

• Super Split Level actors 3 bedroom (si/pert) mailer) d level. Toll family room (PP) 

 lower level/ Living, dining rooms. 
Electric kltctrtn lit level. Ook Glen park. *M,K»; W4-2J47. 

CASABONITA 
-Ti (he courtyard ent/y to tho 

(beamed ond paneled family lore a. Including 3 spacious 
•bedrooms, rriony (fosels and 
Igotcjeoui built Ins, Kottywoed 
|Pa/k. 

I RALPH .3 mmsTRon' 

 lUohor 
|P 

Pack's. Frcthly nice thor plan. 

$14,5oo btdroom home Mar St. 

OFF PERR1N 'BElTEt 

2-2, Den,. Central heat, a'r, ktrce r-vccd yofd( patio, ME. Schools, Ex- 

 cellent ccr.dlllcm. Assume ilB/ mo.^lh or rcflnonce. 655-9177 

 irif WOODLAKE 3-2-1 ^ 

By cwnor. Spoc-'cus llvlngroom, 
----- - - — • tied den, covered bo rgolo ot 1 

 olk>. Garden. A 

__ __ ____ _ 

LARGE 'N LOVELY 

In Wlndcreil 

4 bedraomi, 3 full oalM, bcoulltui v i e w of cily. 
Unbelievable price. & 
8S72. 

VIRGTNJA CEfcVENKA 

OFI Blafldto Rd. Lorae jpcclcui 3 beoVoom home with overs.' " 

 oorotfc, convenient lo schocls, si n|ng ond bus. Eat/ terms. Ca'l r 

JACK MITCHELL. 

BY OWMER 

Let in refer you to homes "For 
Sale Dy Ovriier" ot no coit to yo:, 
Call 342-9393 

San Anton to ifgmeowtri Astoc. 

 pool end all extra i. Ivy Lo-ie. Rich- ordI Dlxsoo BrokLT, 433-3364, aJS;519o 
IN OLD FARM, 3*2-2, <f a r p o f. drapes, large family room, colhedral ceilings, AW-FM InSercom, rrnlihed og-, Dy Owner. 7% VA. 6S3-&S79 
2o1 W. WILDWOt>D 

Special far 112.95o. Small 5 room 

 n grow'ng' Heloles "Ranch Eirates area. S»,WO. Call Mr. AlomU or 
•-,r. Tllllck, 524.5143. 
' CAPITAL PROPERTIES CO. 

P 
CAtNTU, REALTOR 

SAN PEDRO MILLS 

BY OWNER 
Early 
American, 
3-2-2, Den will 
- 1 replace, ca vc r e d pal ID, privacy 
(?nce, custom droprs, Df cppolnf- 

- 
, ment. 6 
, 
, MUKO. 

SECLUDED CUL-DE-SAC 

Assume 7 VA. low equity, garcae 
3 bed r corn, family area, bar, heat. 
P-om WATSON ft 
SON 433 - 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

US Patttrun 

5 -Room twjse-small delaehed opt needs repair. Good palenIK:!, 
FAMT RjALT Y 
E74-1A37 

LOW EQUITY 

Assume 7% VA. 3 bedroom, l bath, 
[Jvlng -d I n I nn area corpcted, stove, a I r -h c a f, covered carport, ter.ccd. 
Very low mo. payments. 

NORTH HEIGHTS REALTY 

One living area, 3-2-2, phis scp 
. dlnir.g and f i n i s h e d caroge. Call 
873-53o8, Ed Gilbert, Reoflof\ 
"~ 

A1I brick, 4-2-2, wa'.K to NE Schools, carneled, con!ro4 head, air, bull 1-1 nsj 
S3S,WO, $-?,ooo to oss'jmc 1%. loon. 

YO'UR 'BIG C«AKC6 

For peace and qvlct In oak s h a d e d fomll/ areo. 3.2^2, den, on laroe lol. 133,5oo. 

349-177L 
UAr 
KEAL 

'PEACHY 

You'll love ihh 3 bedrown, 2 berth family room wllh dai>blc garajje, al control, electric kllclren, Intercom. etc. M a s t e r bcdicom end txith 
KTT^rate from others. Prlvccy I* price If «l OeCatvcy ReoUy 656-1 35o 1 or 653 o23 
J. 

. 

 tnledy n«« reof* ellnonce or UXw mo. 34M2U, ev*. 

RAY TEAL 

- Mrs. Clean 

Has luit listed her home ViUfl l eil 3 bedroorru, 2 txilhs, den, 
We goroae home in Ha/mony l. Only 527,5oo1 Coll for an op- polnlment B E R V L CAHTV/ftlGHT 
344.2341, 342-645o, . 

BOB JONES 

EXTRA SPECIAL 

SpocTou* 3-2-2, wilh 24X1 btarrisd family room, fiicpbce, privacy fericft, potio. Just olr In lOrwar Colonial Mall, 

24 MRS. SERVICE 

Hollywood Park ovely 5 b*4oom, 2 ilofy, home, 2Vi decorator bath*, central air-heat/ fireplace, ear- p*1log( cuitcvn chapei, UfJily loom, iloroflt, Teriauo flyer and olher extras. An Im- macufale home, bcaulifullv torvd icoped wJth privacy fence for I he dlicornlng buyer. 
$62,ooo. 
696-992o. 

694-6691. 

Rolling Ridge 

(rosi loikttutfvi* 

FOREST 

LOTOC corner lot with lots of Oo* and wild Persimmon. Brick tiomft v.-irh sunl(«n fo*nl]|' room cod (replace. 3 bcoVcwni, 2 bart-.j, ctowb4o garoa*. 
Easy OMumplton. Ov/ner onxlooi, 

OB FOSTER 

 nllr, Uli* 

5 Bedroom Home 
3 barn, livi'ng-dmfng combino- 
Ifon, panelod family team, 
Lriitil/ room, IrnhKea dovbta na/oge, 4 1'da rock, intercom, fir? o'orm. 

By Sauncfers & frieschmann, 

Realtors 

6M.15J1 t»-3«l 

SLIGHTLY SPANISH 

FOREST OAKS w« have the dean* eil ood nvcest 3 bedroom honw In 
" 't choke weo. Den wllh f.Vtfp.'a.*, 

 lk For VIRGINIA MENDORFF 
Fl^RHOV 

Polished Jewel 

 g, lltirjlly rldlforotld. 3 i. 2 bfllhi, Bnlihli $9i«l In 

» Ulv&x Stkwfortf 

Co/any Drive 

Your crx>lc« of 2 fceoo^ful 3' bod/earn hornoi with ffrepVict En 

 room, Colt .today for ap' 

REDUCED 

_ t*dr«m Mom* En Drtamjand 
Oaks. Large Itvwp, tiWno, den Is great for entertaining. Beautiful OoK covered yard. HE schools. 311*1(1 

4-3-3, largo junroom, full carpeting, cor re r id, with privacy fence, 

$47.5oo. Call 433-MOS or 69A-3772. 

IBASY LIVfNG 

 geod life 
. In IMt lo/ely 2 Wrm, 
S. * *. 7\ "t iw* lo/elY 2 Wrm, 
'•*fc G*tyj 2 bain all brfck homo 
/'iiSUti/.j' letiiKjeo ^ one-hall 

X 

 a e r o surrounded 
)or« covered patie. A tree studded 

VSAA. $3SXlOO, REALTOR. Ml- 

By owner, 4-2-2, cenl/ol air Be heat. 
Convenient to LacktoM—KeHy arvd 

3-2-2 BY OWNER* Near SourhwMt 
Research 'and tr^Ucol centers. *'* bricK, V/aftlno d i t t o nee to alt school. Aptfiances stay, 6o1o Town* 
Mil. 611-41.4 

SHENATIDOAtt 
4111 Mt)IM«odf By Ovmer, 3 bed. oorrrt, 2 full baths 1 cor gcTaoe< all f«tric kllohen, fully corpaietf! <un- om moo> oVapeti color cordlnoledj co-/ereo polio, pn-lvocy fence. «9,5oo. of rcftncnce, Ho Agenfs. By 

)wner, olf v/eil Ave. 2 bedroom 

Colonies North-Summit 

) . Value ere all ici his 3-2-7 wilh | j , nie'xi.AiicKie*UttVM2"r». J 

WALK TO EVEHrTMIHO 

Enchonied Forest. 3 fa:droon>, fami- ly room v.Hih fireplace. 1oo% masc.v rv. 4Hle5 424-9U}* 734 4M7, 
LOU FORKS n,, 

BY OWNER 

Artoms HIM, 7% VA, 2 slory, Th balh, 2XOO sa. ft. Uvfny, corptled, 4 bedrooms, 2 car gsrage, central cTr 

COLONIES NORTH 

Becuhfully redecoroted 3 bedroom home wltn oil it* or 41 h bedroom, formal living ond dln'ng room over 

WARD REALTY 

* 696-1545 *•' . 

Low equities, 4-3-7 ond 3-1-1, reduce this w«end. Fcr more informant call Rev Rocho Real Hsfate, 674-52 

74-2o96. - _____ 

OWN YOUR OWN PARK 

BcoullFuLly lond'scofKd Vi ocre, 3 bedroom 2'A bath, douWe llreplace. __..., 
Large living ond family room, sepa- E*-MJ role dlningroom. Coolrol air, all «i»^—J electric kitchen, Appiox. 22oo sq. It. lofFOSTER 

X2 W. Grdmcrcy In fVionre arr^ng many tovcly Iwrrei in this deslroble arco. fie 1 ecdy to move 
MTa Ilils 8 roo.-n Sponli/j slylc. 
Large enclosed polio. 3*2-4. TCP con- dition. Plenty c l o s e t s , storage. 
M7J6oo. Owner. 672-13o4. 

For your family. Has J bcdroo.-nt and art exlra loom. AIM a spa- clous MvEr.j end family room. Ah co.-! d I Honed ond itora&i. Horlhtoil 
~chvOtj. Call 347-1111, cv«ntngs-Sun- oyj 732-7433. 
525o Fredcricksbiirg JId. 

SHOO CASH BUYS-MOVE INI 
OrlcV front, 3-lVa-l, air, stove. 

227-OJ2T WATSON & 
SON 7JMOIS 

BASY ASSUMPTfON 

4 bedroom, 2 both, central aln hi a l, only 2 yeais dd. 7% note. 
WM-lhtoil schools. Treet. 
- 

C34-54R9 
MAC 

 r 653 o23? evenJr.g s. 

NXIOUS-BOUGHT OTHER 
AN 
<-?, farnd/ room. tJS 

Rack front, alr-Mcaf, bi 
217-oiir 
WATSON & ^Q 

CNCHANTED 

FOREST 
Lo v • I y 4 txdrocmj 
' room/ b u lir 
V«r> 
C l e a n 

• at 

G5 6-225o 

Clow ta .. 
Ntwly prlud 

696-6517 

CKAWAING 2 STORY 

KINGS GRANT F O R E S T . Exlro 
' 
' 
2Vi bo.h, fa-nil 

 cl-eery kitchei 
"DO'UG VAN BUREN 

BY OWN ER 

Lof us refer you to homes "Fo/ Sole 
Dy Owner" at no cost -to you. O?11 
342-«?3 

San AnlOfllo tfomttownori Ailo 

ESTATE 

"Terrell Hills" 

 of 
Country 
Frcnch-Gour- l kllchcn wim IIreplace, yi fl sal- 
- paneled library with flreptocc- ma«er *e*oom wllh FrctKh rtoors 

 glcss ond ccurlyarct 

'"KARTMAN, Realtors 
Marymont Townhouse 
Jv Owrtr, «padous 3 bedroom, 

 irate d!rJng room, break- 
, prluate club, I a roc pool, 
•rpeled, WJ.OOO, 7W% Morl- 
_ 

&S3-64?! lor cp- 

 less Than $2o 

It all the caih you'll r^cd, 2-3-4 bed- rooms, 2 balhij some ctnlral air ond appliances. Anyone can buy. 
3oH 
GOD Pe PAOLO 
S31JUI 

Ho Down Payment 

Anvono can buy. Veli don't lhc*r c!:olb!IHy, 7-3-< betlrooms balhs, some central air ond HI.... oncn. SSvoa to 133,5oo. Mwt seclfor.s of town. 
>«-3o?1 
DQD Do PAOLO iH-SUl 

 nape, low equity, pmnl me nt_ 

EAST TERRELL HILLS 

AH brick, 2 big bcdrxrams, 2 bains, control air, Plirsh tcrpct, rcfrlg. 
PEi-)7ii WATSON * 
SON 7M-31« 

 f 
CAME Lot II BV Owner 

3-7-2. Den wllh 
ITrcploco, privacy fence on Cu1-Oc-Sac. Eqjily ond as- sume VA Loon. 

SHEN'ANDOAH 

3-1-1. L-crrja Vcrd, privacy fence, central ok, bullt-lrt kllchm, &23.ooo. 
47fr-I?S3. 

WOW! 

Elcclrfc kitchen, new roof, shad; yard, drapes. Freshly painted oul side. Easy walk to shopping aid tie menlory, 3 bedrooms, ? bams, ond a 
?car norofli-, V* brfck ex I e r I o r. 
U3,5oo. Call now! 

341-41)1 
REALTOR 
MLS 

NltCS 735-1787, »6-6J3» 

 it FIRST OFFERING if 

 olce 3 bedroom, 2 bo1hr 2 cor ga ge horr.o with formal R rnfoTnvi 

 ino + lamlly room. Located with 
3 b'ki. or all schools & sH&pp! 

OOO equity & 7% mortgoac. " 
OWL 349-W7/. 

 n Interest!! 

Docs tfils sound tjoodT This charm 
Irvg 1 bcdrcon\ home has n 7% Ir — payable nt «39 per monlh. willi low eTJlty ol opprox. *7,ooo. THe beautiful garden I y pc kllctvcn, opens a.ito a ijxicfcHJS cool covered polio 
For summer coaifcrl ard entcrtoln 
Inn lf» ptrfect. Wa'A to scTvoa 

CALL J14-3W9 REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

OLD A1AMO HEIGHTS 

NEW LISTINO srorl orf or rellro In tMs spooo'js : bedroom home -screened porch oil of one bedroom, jeparole dining- room, kirg« kllchen. L&* S2o'i. 
I74-U91 
KK-KJ3 

CAROLYN GRAHAM REALTORS 

HRST TIME ON MARKET 
• 5 Bedrooms • 

McArthur Terrace. InvlllnB exterior lo IMS 2 slory S Lcdroom (3 dotvn: 2 up), 3 bolhl L l v l n g f o o m (FP), large clrn. Eltclrlc thrucul. Wclk fc 
NE Scrrcoli. »».«o. 

BEKIKD THIS DOOR 

 ti vour dream rwusel Deaulirul bedroom 3rt botri conlcmporory wllh flreploct. Wet bar, II1 master bed- room, arvd Jolt ot glo« Woklna oul on a privacy fenced yard v.llh nice 
(reel. 451,9oo, REALTORS-MLS J«- 

TOiVNHOUSE 

7 largo bedrtom;, balh wltrt vnnity central air, tr.\ta ilcrajc space 
115oo ecpjlly. 
REALTORS 
*M 12J4 

BillDoilgei 

TJiH lovely 4 bedroom, 2 bolh horn 
K perfect for to« oraivlrtg lomlh 
ConveAJcr.t lo Expressway nrwi Mil lury Dose^v Low equity a-d rr.onlh poymenl, 82^-o121 ANYTIME. 

NICE 'N CO/Y 

In Serna Park 
Irir elterlr.rj of this 1 e d r o o m hcme, nice 
• need Id. lines, 655- 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA 
«j -il31 
ANYTIME ii^isjj 

"FiV'bvvTfnR"V beitroomi, 1 bath, en- cloud bocV porch, fenced yard, close lo school! ond trtopal^p c*n- l««, L« High District. Awume S"/i%; 
S17,oor>. Phone 341'54M oiltt 4 p.m. 

"NEAR FT SAM" 

 lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bolh, 2 car naroae twm«. Wafk to oil Khooli, 
NEISD. Fcwyiily room, ctnlral aV and he.it, covered v«l* ntce yard1 end ih'j&i «»vS7o nlttj 6J.3VM 

WORLD WID£ 

LOOKING FOR 

 e«l tr« clly, but countr 

 pardon atmosphere? You must Se fhls lovely 5 to^rocm, 3 bam horn 
It's toil ceilings cmd rrugo wfrxJd\ create a marvelous aimoiphcrc fresh ak ond Jlrjht, fcols-rci, fcfcnl room, f i r e p l a c e , bulINn electi kitchm, •auilom tile potto. Norl casl ict".oo's, many *»1roi nwrous to mention. 
UI11 LA VGNTANA, VALENCIA 

QELMEADE REALTY nites. 

$3,ooo Equity 

VA ASSUMPTION. Corner. PrJwo eocc. 3'2-2. Large twinnl ftlnlr oom. Din den. 
AH oarpclcd. : 

MASTER SUITL-. e«Oi*4. ANYTIM 

OWMER -O-?. NE SthsoJl, cto 
RomJolph o^d Fl. Sa-n. 

 or oprl. HO AO1-HTS, 

OWNER Transferred 

_ 

SAN PEDRO HIL15 

AH bfkk ciniom twin 35-7. nio ttrifooml, nrd tamll/ room wllti iSiciSS! Built In Vlltbw. . fuhl[ co>r>«1ed. Prlcwl bt."ow mortal, ol 
Sll.WO. 
Homeowners, 828-3535 
MLl 
__ 
*?A>-T?*^ __ ! __ "H 
"" 

REESE HENRY 

NfOWTHEWST SCHOOL ncawllfu! 3 bedroom, 2 bath, dovb flarovjp nnd fojnlty room, cenfrol - 
-heat, (reel, 
ALAMO HBIOHT* REALTY 

- 
874-o494 
-eve l, 
_ 
_____ _ 
^ RO'CK BEAUTY - many pJu* convenience i. brooms. 2 Oolhi, doni built kllchtn, Irtlarcom, prlvDcy l e n c * yorrt. «o,iM. 624 1*77, 61S-4M? 
ASSOCIATED REALT 
-^-Churchill Schools 
2 ilorv, 5 Ndroom h«uly In o 
Okn wilh 3 l*tploc>, <1 you would r 
Call rttff.llMltl ir iU KM 

Deame Owens 

 lom'ly room w 
'-"•- ond - - • - 
INi 

Culo Colonml 3 bedreom, 1 
"'" voril.'irMM^Con loilo 
SKIM 
CL4M BEHE o41HER 

 nitiM »W. cwpiled] 

Lovely brlrk' 3-J2- l.nrrw yar wiinnrt ron^t pim rniiiiy 
ID Oltn NooVi (aft Glen Tra 
SHPI?, ^J-?J?J.__ 
.YtStnTRD'AYS PRICE 

74 x 14 IMnfl-tamlly rooni ^ llC«placc. 3 RIO b«Voom*, 
, 7 cor gnracr*. FMNy coqxt tqylly 
»M iw. . 

OWNER FINANCED 

J* brick homt, sloto roof. Ide- 

 for onllT-J* furnltyre. OH Qrood- y. Kilcs 2J3-97SS, ofllce 62 4 -75! 7. 
EGNI'ER RgAWY/lKC. 

"OlD OAMtLOT" 
oo, 
<! bedroom tiwrvf, f thinly 

 od \Va!K lo swim club. le>!s ol 

 cc trees wllh fence end covered 
K 6S3C5/o 

REASL1Y 

Mopp!nq e. Col 

SrfAVANfO PAWK 

On o<m«f on acre wo have a gor- 

, 
., llffrpr«ej lorpe, hen wilh fireflVlost 

.-n!ly l^hf' 

..,. dta - . tia, cusiom 
_- , many ook treii tfi j}», wtnsr. 

 ion. SpoctouJ, fenced/ flreptaco, den bl_e_jjQfosfr. Mi-33o1, Hiohfs: o«-S31 

... tullldlr.g.'Co 

UMS21 

 a t i o n for apartments cr 

FIRST OFFERING o( .Itili K»Clou« lit-level rwoMi on a large lot In o'ce lecllon, Uvincroom Vrdirt flre- roco< f o r m a l dlnlngroom, largo ffrrij aorarVum: 3 bedrooms, 2 
In c^DaVcn's -wing; fnasttf has 4 double doiels, 13.4x15 plus large m a r b l e both. 
Ma!d$ tjuarleri. $137.ooo. TA6-947o. 

FRANCES ALT GELT O'NEILL 

I S Hod well, 6% c'.sump- 

PE'ACE'ANDfR'eEDQ/A 
TMi 3 becfroorn 3 ba!h temo li iuil what yo-j need. 23oo sq- it.' honr.c ha* 
2 fireplaces, cer.lral air, den, OPK offJc* or future molds quarters. 3 
— workshop c.-itl slobles 

OAK HI US 

 tisumpllon, No lole 3 bedroom^ Il fenced, lardscoped yord. O.ily 

' 

 ilirVJnol Immotu. 
Is bolh, carport. 

_,__ 
_ .. 

 ft' (ronl/ '3O tl. 

Nothing 
Open Vi 
J3J-3K5 

 pa not. 

BOB FOSTER 

•£ PRICE 

*pllMtvel. Large Uv;r*g and Cln'nt 

 lus- carpeted Fa-mil-' 
J 

 otfo, u n i q u e |L_. r 
•J9rWO. Aisyme. Also tiave 
-liied 4-1-2 wlin over 2,ooo sq- it. 
S p a n i s h Jn tame aieo. »1-3711. 

WHITEHEAD- 

: 
HOLLIDAY 

 harmony HUH. Prelly 4 bedroom, 2 
" ", f a m i l y room, forced yar' 

• schools. Nor in Slqr, etc. Qv tovlflg. 826-5641. 

 covered pat.o and irony exlro? kv 

 udlr^j bull I Inj, Lots of ooK trees n 34 acre. «S-33ori, 

EXECUTIVE SPECIAL 

Luxury 3 bedrcom, 1 bath laaclou hi CaitM HI'h. Forma! dlrrfna, 
— ...... fif-jprgcc, covered pi 

 raD£t, \aryt [ot w11 
Paul cartwrlgh) 

Profeasioiuu 
496-533o 
• 
REALTY » 

• Oak Glen Park O 
Cr>a~mirrg and different ipJil level 3 
(superb moiler bedroom). Family room (walled fjreplace on lo-wer lev- 
' " 

, 
, 
, 
, carpet. 

 centre! neat-air, fireplace, WV5 mo. 
Rent or leaia wllh option to b 
Take 1 mlnuro fo inquire. Execol 
Rtfllty H<-S1« II! I. 

Sununlt-Colon!es North 

ProlcsilOTrOlly decorolec! 2 s t o r y , lomlly room wllh tl replace and l 
Living roam-Dining room comb 
Uon. 3 bedroom* V/i balhs, privacy 
FB.-KO. HS.WQ. By Owner. Qf6-3l?2 or 

SENECA ESTATES, 3 bMroom. _ l) tffroc llvJna orca wllft lire- gi by owner. 68X-315o. 
GOION1E5 NOfcTH 

M o v e 
Into 
1 Ms 

CnarrrvlnB 3 bo*rm, 3 t>oTh home todayl 
Ertoy ihe l u m m e r o u t d o o r s tjrxler a 

[aro/e covered pa Ho. A tree sl'jtKtl lot ood many extras tnoko this a 
Komc a MUST SEE. *H,7». REAL- 
TOR. 341-tlM. 

Whispering Oaks 

 edrootn 2 txilh Spanish beaut; 
; covend lot. AH custom buill _. 

 lias.> LUCILLE BIERSCHWALt; 344 
2341. 344-5547. 

BOB JOKES 

GREEN MEADOWS. Immacul titn. 
Yo*. 

FIRST TIME ON MARKET 
• 'CASTLE HIll'S • 

E>.chcntlng while brick. Double door 
. 
. entry lo gracious living rcom and 

 tacu'nlc Tr1»tcvel home Jn b tHiH t.our«i Hillt. 3 bedroom, ... bath, fhreploco. tprlnMer orvd many 

" -ai- Orlainol owner. 
WARD REALTY 

* 6«6-fS4S * , 

MO CFTY TAXES 

4-2-1 Loaded 

FOR ONLY 1115 MONTH 
NEW HOME IN NOaTHSIDE 

SCHOOL DISTRICT 

ROYALCRESTf IMC. 4H442I 

ExUo 
. llvina aria, lo-// co-jH/, vacant. 496- 
. 

BeautHul S bedroom, 2 both cl b/kfc livl/ia rcom> dining room, dens clc. Close to lackland, S.W 
Research, ar.3 UTSA. Rev Roth 
Real Es1g!g. 674-SU6, < " 

^ Don'fMiss These - 
A»y ona con buy V.A. owned r* 
3 bedroom, 1 and 2 botln. HO move 
In. FCnanclag Available. 
824-4521 Turner Really 
By Owner-Leon Valley 

3-2-2, separate living rco-n, paneled end sputtered den, 

- 
AGENTS PL 

Sah & Sun., BecullM 
Po 

COLONIES NORTH 
3-2-3, Spcnli 

 fireplace, all brick, fully cor pelf c ler.ced. CuI-*:.-uc. 341-o.Sl or 69 
3 Si 7. 

BrtcV 

 down, anvcne con 
_ 

EtKcrvds. Hatlornoi Esparv... 

AL1.STATE 
S33-1223 ' 

"FOREST OAKS 
Owner. 3-2-2, llvlnrj-dV.Ing crca, 

 tlrep'occ, fenced, *3^wO, <SSX- 

By o\vncr-RoUlng Hldge pacfous, 5-1-2, rock home, cul-de- oc, rear Med Cenkr U4-4783, 342- 

'HU ri D'ERBIRD 
ESTATES, 
>22", 
)cn, tlreptoce, dinTng room, central, 
.cot, air, corpeiti ctl-Ce-iae, by 
O^r.cr. 6U-lB4fi. or 341-5723. . 
OAKHILLS TERRACE BY OWNER 
CDulHuJ 4*2-7. Den wilh ffrepjuco, 

Urfck. Lcwce level corner lot. Prl- vccy fence. Rocm to ccmptr, efc. Trees. Oui 

. pork bot 

 iet ne-'aWx 
. 
. rcr.lcnl 1o U5AA, 

IN 

NEAR HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 

S bedroom, 3'/> balh, 2 acre wooded lot. 3-^OQ sq o Hvlnrj area, 3 car QO- roge; 31o tillage Circle. $49,5oo "T 
oX2-1872 
Wm ^wtnrrgy 
QX7JOT3 

 lywood Park, 317 Sr-.y Fof«t, 3-?l 
5oo. new loon, or owner vrtil cor- 

 ry tecorrf Ton on equMy, 3«-9«a after 5 for oppointme!" 

727-o377 WATS OH & 
SON 

NEW IN OAK HLLL- 
4 beaVoom, 3 balrt, covered patio, den, irreptace, 25oo 5q II living area. 
Siv,5oo. 
OXMC71 
Vim Swlnncy 
OXJMo?3 

BY OWNER. Leon Valley "3 Md- roorns, 1 bolh i, centred orr-heal, l#r softr.i 
~ 
""" 

3 bedroom, like r.c-w l^skfc and out. 
557>!J. San Carlo, ill,ooo. 
734-3*34 
C.P. KOSUB 
3<t-o343 

•^ $5o DOWN * 

CULE8RA PARK. 3-4 b^rocms T>? balhs. hi povmont in W.oy. 57S nw, 
* S J « 
C.D. COHIALES 
6ZHW 

Colonies North Colonial 

AH trick, 3 bedroom 2 bath, dojbtc finished saraje. Cenlral oir or.d beat. OropeSr TV onJcnna Irrt«rco:n syslcvn. Larpe bay wlr.cfows on qiriel ccl-de-soe, Assunw or refinonco con- vtnllonol. U4.SOO. 696X1o7o, 

BOB FOSTER 

MED CENTER 
UTSA 
USAA 

NO CA5H DOWN TO ANYONE 

LEASE PURCHASE 
First S monlhi rent pays oil Ihe down parnxnl on a brand new 3 cr 
4 bedroom, 2 hath, 2-ccr name. Cen- tral air/ all bullHnt, carpet* end tome ([replaces. Homes anil town homei. si?} moalh ead up, Kerc'i yoyr chqncal Move in. lodnyl Coll 
"-•ce Kortmanf right no*. B1S-W3?. 

ANIMAL LOVERS 

•A Acre Inside locn. < Br. 1 balh. 
^Ill-level. Loaded Inilde, p:us horte ttab'c, dog run, ai)d sv/lm poof. Re- dLKCd lo J45XWO. 
Homeowners 828-3535 
MLS 
REALTORS 
HLS 

. CO. IHC-. 

BEDROOMS 

REALTORS 
, 
Gntltanled Poreil. 

Spoclcut riouw. Fomllyfoom, break- rail area. Walk to Ktoolt. Nltet ti4-na, num. LOU FORKS 3«- nlrcs 3)1-o11o 

DEVAULT&ASSOC 

D'ONT B'L'AME L/S 

 t you mtss seeing IfJs Ihrec bod- coin near Castle Him, telorc It's 
SOLD. Only *16.«oo. 
341-4<S5 
. nHCJ 8JW716 

I'Al/Rl-N fR. 

LARGE OLD ROCK HOME 
Wllh f;rep:acc 1n ttg IMng room, 3- 
\Vi~9, formal dining, covered polio, central olr, oak Moors. 19JX176 lot. 
Off 
Vance Jackson. Asiume til? ith. Total only $33j15o. £94-3711. 

WHITEHEAD- 

HOLLIDAY 

 i V;ELL-BUILT A room horns m 
Los Anjitci Hgis. Owner wUI cede- cotaic fi or.d out al SH.SOO cr buy as [f end save SWs. d?<S-f?2o, 772- 

Y OWNER-LIVE OAK 

! 2, 1425 sq. It. of lovely living. as. 6prrr.klcr sysFfint. carpet, 
' 
Eq- 

__ 

1 Vrlc*;, larae 3 bedroom, t balh nic v,lfh 2 car garage* fcvllt Ini, rpctlna, privacy fence, comor lol, rrcalntc posicsstcn. 
ASIU.TVC lot 

 ulty cr I rude. Call now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

1-5715 
_ 
_____ 
6WJ2oo 

"•*• CASTLE HILLS TERRACE u t I I u 1 brick 4-2-2, wall 
, il Schools, Hreplcce , . 
, healed s w i m m i n g pool. 
RfLUUM ST. M5.ooo. 
W. Keeushon Real Eil olf, 3<T-1i?l 

 i f S a 

 ffi 

Otd English charm t slory X-2Vi-?, 
Quarter j, cloie In, cxclustvo oe<o. iS5«o. ill rndry Lculi* Dr. i_ 

 own- 
Oak Hillj. Terrace He me. Buy 
«r, 3*7-3, fenced yard, na'lo, cemroi 
[vat ond olr, den with fireplace, all opnlianccs. Aswjmo 7% loa.1. i7,ooo 
Call 6o4-4553, 
4-2-2, fn Meadow VIHone If, corner ol, (Irep'acc, inarj ccwpel, drapes, iwrfllor, lire alarms, walcr sotlncr, large covered patio. 7% loon, ava'.'a bfe Ju^*. Equity. «2/2 paymcnli 
6J3-AS13 , . 
Wlllawood— Llv« in In'* presttoc lhat yau tiavp a l r e a d y admired. 
Lovely 3 bedrcomi, 2 baths, 2 cor 
Garage, vrltn all Ihe cxtiat. (or un der SlT/,ooo. Call now, 

JACK MITCHELL 

811-5715 
.^_____ 

EASTER: 
DON'T HOP PASS THIS A.D 
To many burJiles -force n-.a and pa rabbit lo mov* to large nesl and ore rwdy to sell rtilj lmmccu'o[c 3-7-1 wlfh dcccralsrt tcuth trt l e r r l t l c 

TAYLOR _REAL ESTATE, HI T 

NEAR JOHN JAY HIGH 
In Lackland Tcrroce. Vccoil, newty remode!e<j, 3 bedroom 2 borh with large den. Alsvrr.e tlOJ tnonth or r.ew loon. VA oc FHA. To lol S17.6U 
WHITEKEAD-HOLL1DAY REALTY 
6J43III REALTORS 

SA'O'LY 

Bring (lie Easter Bunny 

 to this dorllng rwst wllti 3 bedrooml 
Cfnlrcl clr, . Tovely chsm^'rcrs oil the ooodles. 132,5oo. . 

Iloby Realty 828-o5G8 

Entertainment Homt> 

WHISPERING OAKS 

4 bedroom 2 both, family room wllh fireplace, PL-US o 2ox15' gsrr.eroo.-n with a wet bar. Pat!» kllcfcw ever look* a tovdy tree shodcd (er.cc<; 
^ard. Plumbed for 3rd balh. t|9,o?oo. REALTORS -MLS 2«-M7l, 

PERFECT FAMILY HOME! 

 j cH»b 
- balhs. Located In love- 

 ly Costlc Hill* and convenient to NE schools. Prlctd lo Mir ot UIr73), 
REALTOR. 34V7I91. 
NaylorRealiu 

3-2-?, 

M4- 

, 

 p^ted1/ privacy 
-S/33, 3*2-9373 

BY OWNER * na RidQe, aJl brick luITy privacy fence -. $37,5oo. 

Qlf Hlllcrest, 3-2-2, ti alr-hwt, 
" ' 
David Kai 

ITY-ilr milt fns, 

CHArTTER OAKS 

42-?, tmmaclutolo 1W year eld, 22oo sq. It. of fuxury. 7V*% S51,5oo,Vaccnt. wt-SAlQ 

Kohenberger-Collins 

4 bedVooms, 2 baths, Spocio-js clrfe home In excoliccit condition on large ot. Ptcm trees, tig tr«i. Priced at 

 tJJ.SOO. Coll 1o KC 1h,» or.e. 

/Wo'lker Wwieney 

 ir TOV/NViaV -^ 

BY OWNER 

_•?-), ccnlrcl heot, air, carpel*, tercom, DOS rano*. 3,1 hrk-V, fci end flnJsh-d garaue. Convknent .- shopping Center N.S. Schools, Met 
Center ond Ke'.' " 
" tun>o 17oo 
63S4 

Then you're Jure lo Jove this epa clous i bedroom "tomlly ho-iw" or 
' t oul-de-soc. family and living rooms, lt.lOxfl.7 OFFICE. Chyrchll 
HI Oh I «$,«». 
6viy 

EL DORADO 

Tiorr* wllh urndhtng cslro. ftlni- r bccfroom suite wllh His end Hers cubic vcnlly cmd closet. Forme I vlrvg ond d'rvlno i-ooms v,lth dcub'e replace. A must to sec before Luy- 

GfNE WILSON 

OLEK CXAKS 

Extra nice 3-7-7, oil while hrlcV, 
>ecnjiriully nvalnlalrted 
7-ywr o'c 

 tome. Larac roomi, carpeted, cus- om drapes, fireplace. A ficme to 

Large ocks sliode this all brick 3-7-2 m a prestige oreo. Wcl mointa'^cd with *r»o clous I I vl no. Nllci 

'HANK NEELV & ASSOCS. 

342-3111 

Enchanle'd Forest 

Eyaulsilc 3 bedroom 2 bolh horn*. 
<Ici'onrd and buUt tjy 
Jeb Trey. 

Ovrr 21oo iq fl. CaFhcdral beamed ccllinn In family room. p!us laroe pflrly roam. WS.SOO. JOHN FELDER 
344-7J41, 42M491. 

BOB JONES 

3Y OV/HER-4-W. control clr, Jwot, r p c t l n g , lenced yard, Judior 
.ool District, low criylty. &SS-7o32 

Hcuici—Northwest 

SKY Hi C9UNG 

Over the famllyroom ooMi a great decorator touch lo this 4 bedroom 3 ory wirn Hols ot jpccs in ite Sum- 
It. RediKCd fa WS.OOOl Tills Is a 
>eat thi rtrcrkcl" oppOftunltyl Call 
• GEDR'GE FLOOD • 
H491 
REALTOR 
MLS 
Nllei 71I'I»7 tti-tai 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS 
— 

VA'Ll'EY Hi 

No dcwn payment 12o closing cost. 
. „ — frjy 3^ tearooms, 2 

 air, slove, rcFrlgeraloT) it In Jun;. 

PAOLO 
53M 

 first payment I 
M*-M|i _ 59_B 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS 

3-2-fl, s*poralt dlnJntj a^d den, ceo- tro> air. ranpc, rxtrlgerolor, Tcittn potto, norauef floorsi cqull]', QslunK 
Sn% FHA 119o mo. cr ouy on new 

 i74*OM? MUSKET REAtTY «4 2365 

FIRE'PLACE 

Enchonled Forest. J-2-2, alnr.ost new, vwlk to schools-shopping ccolcrs. 
L.ou'roRKs 
46"' "to Jifi 

• 4 BEDROOM • 

2 both, cential heel, redccornled. 
Con be sold FHA235. Call nowll 
[Equal Housing Opportunity) 

 i M .>UJt TOM GARRISON M pelTvlftW* nect 3 bedrooms, en shod/ corner, cosy lermi. VA-FHA. Will 

JACK MITCHELL 

_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

KOLLYV/bob PARK 
-YV/OC kit. <n bedroom, 3 bain Gracious entry, fcr- nal dlnir.g room, family room, fire- ilcce, 1 car ^aroge. ccr.lral a'r, clc. 
Ig-I2fto 
Monn 
Accncy 
3A7-3S27 

QUfET COUNTRY 

ATMOSPHERE surroundl thh tovoTy 
HCW 4»m« with garden kltcfxn, spa- cfous Ifvtng orco, brcQ^fcrst nook. 
Lcrae covered pallal 
School bus! 
AVAILABLE MOW. 

JUST LISTED 
• -Dellview $18,ooo • 
Sperling 3 bedroom, Uvlrvg atvl drfl* 
Ino/ooms' b!g kitchen. Uiveiy fenced yard. NE_ Schools. U7oo down/ JUT 

SPACIOUS COKNER" 

Lot with many irees or.d laroe cov- ered pa!fa In Hck>1« Porte. 5 lorQe bcdnscmi, 2 decoroJor baths/ swnlcen 
111 v I n a room, d I nlng room, fcml ly - roam wl(h fireploccr heavy btcmed catf.cxkal celling {n 2214 sq fl o* Itv fng area. Call for on appointment. 

4-3T72 nltcs o74-7J1o 
WORLD WlOE 

RE'AT.TY 

Co, 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS 
— 
344-3o41 

CASTLE HILLS 

Part of prciHgc crea. Large love 
Jy brlclc 4-1I/J-2, with q.-orter* In rear. Hupe parly area wllfi txw 

 cut of town owner. 

GIG'ANTIC 

Family noire. 4 tiuoo bedrooms/ era* living witfl ' (Ireplace. 
Sepri- role dining, den. Gornpfclcly remod- eled. VkShjfd mok* o oreat art stmUo and llvtna a-.-arlcrs: 533,53o. S*1-PU* 

Prelly 3 bid room, niw coiptt, elf 
Vaacc-Jacktart. immedlcin occupan- cy. Colt IU 1*71 ANYTIME. 
Jf 
NELSON 

 ff. 

REAL ESTATE CO. 

1Y OWNER-JcHeVson A r e a , 3-1, arrje rooin, carpeler!( 1 o!r-cond: oner, call »7-l«o4 befv.fcn 8-5 ci iS33S7 aller 
Apn1* and werkcndi 

AprmlnlrrMfnt. No ApenlJ. 
"AC R os S'VR'O'M * V 
5 AT~NE r:F~~ 
On Vi acre tree covered lot. Large edce-slone x-3-3 v»Mh big don. Fully arpetcd, central air ond tailH orn* covered poilo. For people wnc kin'l want subdivision home. t&4 i?ll. Realtors. 

WHITEHEAD - ' 

8Y OWriER. Clean 2 loth, carport. House tiai tK>ge slab enclose cttrn rorvm. 116.ooo. 5o3 

Argclo. 734^3o; Alter 4 ood 

3-1-1 T-nird Kills 114,5oo VA-FHA 

 i 224-7MQ American Rco'.ly SJ4-MTT 
Near Medical Center 

 n'.al living arco. Invnacu ery rcipecl. 3-11-3111 ANY 

 bc-aYoami, 2 barh: iltno area. Formal dln'na 

 sctioolj. CCdlrol hoot, of 

COrdlllcr.CQi Easy l«rmi. Will |i 
~ 

JACK MITCHELL 

COLONIAL HILLS 

•nac^ale <leicrlb*s (hit 3 bedroom lnr>r).nlna, dei>, brick ho-no, Oor- 
,,-jyi overiTtrd covered [Killo. Won't tail nt 13I.SOO. J4I-9IU 
_ 
On MifXhnviAf, 2 l)tfdVnt. ond den 
[or third bedroom) In Leo School niirrltl. Newly repornttd. tlS.SOO. 
/Ilia Rto'1/. S«.36U. tv*s. 3»4MJ, 

Thundirblrd illili 

An\erknn, Hrlck^ S Iwttroo^u r e d polio, veqnlnbln grrrtlcn 

 monthly. Aisume VA and ITqu! 

, Hy OAMC. 4JJ4-51/7 
/"",/ 
NIM1TJ 

SCtlOOLS 

 m, 3 hdlh, ni.rM. Vo.-nnt imkinferf. nmy ta »r« — 
*aiv tft l.iwnce. I'HA- VA. or nt- ivnx 4Vi% loon. He th« Pint c^cl 
Call JHJIS4 
/ Wolkor J. Bornobey 

* IIOLLYWbOp'rXR*"* 

 riot 
3-7, D«^, OnxnHMm, 

 poilllll 4-2, DM>, OoV ill* IKT 

W.H. MAY UK »HMU, ««l 

HIDDEN CREEK 

Z STOKY 

Imnxmufcla Co!onral |[y/4r ^ rocmn, lian\j wllh formot living d'ntng room, family room v.Hh . . r>Vxe, loroo gturvo cxwn, rloutfe go- rogo wMrt electric eye daor. r' — iU>er ooodlti. 

WARD REALTY 

*-6»6>154»* 

YOUR WANT AD-7J3-1W4 

1231 -MT. RIGA 

Bla l S* to and Ltckt ma 

 bedroom, i v*ar o!d Cofonla1. A coavlrn,*!, all torQ4 lenced \nf 

Sarurcfay anrt Sunday. 1o*. SHE on 
SAVCl 
_ 

 vVo'ii to'* You" r« f Ci nvs 
UM n- 
If- l»r >U,6oO, 5 hedrw u pa rale dlrikia rotm, Itvlrxi rooi n«ii, nMidirn kitchen, rovport. ito 
MP.^^.wr-h-.rlroMS, — 
, 
. rrxn, drar>«s, 9o% tr. T35J»t. _ 

 iollifc wllh 

'CLfTE 'AND COZY 

 bedrQani ^omo In Apple Pie condT- lon. Many extra Touctits. Off West 

TOP OF SAN ANTONIO 
Fully corpottd 3-2-2, with ^uge <Jen. ond llvlna ar«>- 
Covered pallo, rot oU-, targe trees on 1o5X1731 

. 
Oft 
Mlllcrcst 
Or. Jfft art 
Lonaldlow s c h o o l s . Assume «3o 
-voXlh. Total only U3J5o. 

WHITEHEAD- 

HOLLIDAY 

CL4R4 8EUEC11HER 

I ! IMMACULATE I I 

 brick nome In quiet 
. Beamed cellkig lamilv room, cenlrat-eleclrk cverylhlnql 
PRETTY PRIVACY YARDl Hf.SM. 

4o1 STOREYWOOD-Prle« 

H1UL COUNTRY 

BLANCO, T£XAS bedrooms, 1 bains, J car OQ'-.- 
1th tott ol itorao«. Alodern kllc^cn 
LI rooms poneled ond corneled thru* jt. Lovely yard-lUxl&S wllh aprdtn 
U-4SU cr 
1^94-5^94. 

G.O. GALE REAL ESTATE 

_ . . . _ 
, 
_ . _ _ ._. . , oom. Close to UTSA ond Veterans 

135,9oo eo,u!t>F and assume 

OS ANGElBS HEIGHTS ornrr lol wllh large Ire** sur. ounds r.Ms kjroa 7 bedroom, I bolh 
. iU,H/o. VA or FHA. Coll 1c 
.t rnw. 3-tt-MU, «vcnlogt-5u-i 

525o Frcdcrlckslurg ltd, 
~ 
^ 

.IKe new, 3-3-?, 
'. 
Inrpa lol. ily roo 
, 3I1 

COLON IBS NORTH 

Marshall Meadows by Owner 
7 m o n t h i "young1*. ^-2-2. Central heat, air, appliances 4r.eiijd!ng self- 

^ng ovtn Living room-dini ctxublooI.'Dfi. Pciwl!«* 
. 

 room v^-tlh fircptoce ood cathedral dllnos- Pot!a. Wo'.k lo Marst-all 
High. Rcrr^ance only. Mi-47K after 
;M pm god oil doy weekends. 

QL*fhllying-3bcffrc 

 moke offer on eqully, pa y m e n 

161. Ncrihilde jctiacls. Veca.it rcody for occupancy. Call now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

4M-OMO 
«8-57IS 

Guy 
C>, 

REALTORS — 
MLS 
— 653-7341 

Walk lo LIB roomi, IV'j bolh easy terms. Ailumo 4 refinance. Wi" Irode. 
344-tMI 
BOP D« PAO LO__MM«1 

4r OAK HILLS TCRRACE. 3-2-2, kfove, fcmlly room, air, p r i v a c y ence, 5% down.- VY1U traJB. 
«l-74» WAYNE PLATER 

FOR SALE • DY OWNER 

EXCELLENT LOCATION, 3 bfrd- rooms, 2 txilhs, torfle cowered pot!*, 
& frvlf 

 nance. 342-M3o, 4S3-9.77. 

 red 

Upstairs-Downstairs 

OVER '/1M SQ.FT. rnmocv>!o!e, 4 bearoomt, ? turns brltV 'floored: entry *vxl don, oar oeous ooK coveted lot. -Atiunx; lo-,v ilercil loon or retlnance. Churhli 

 lARJ/E IIORTDN 344-»«T, 153-SU 

BOB JONES 

, NO DOWN PAYMENT . 
Under J2CO to move In, povmenls 

 under 185 If you con Qualify?? 

•—ual .Housing Opportu-""* 
TOM GARRISON 

Assume VA 
7%, 2,MO sq.lt, . __ 
Sfdlt, callwdrat den, flrep^oce, car- peli, \solk Irt closers, self-clean oven rlvacy fence, Irect, Ecrully 113,ooo alo^ce «o,247. P a y m e n t s i?i? 
^nlhEy. 571o Gomcr Pyle. 431-6463. 

 n* l.orgo older home 

 r large family art (arge &hcd- 

' 

Ilitcd, Extra nfce 3 bedrcorrv 
; a r po t cd, covered pal to, privacy lervce, becuMful ihode trees fron' 
:nd bock. Call «&4-7iOO. 

SHELBY WHEELUS, REALTOR 

FOR SALE By Owntr, Leon Valley 
Area. 3-7, centra loir, carpet fenced ymd. Loy^ 
' 
.--— 

. privacy fence, covered patio, wo- er soltnw. 

3)17 OLD FOROE 
4»-3fllJ 5rrwll*>o<I RMlly 
BetTER THAN HEW 

Tnily qu«iily ttwiitruttTon Is found n IhU one yeor o'd b«ovt/. 4 bed- 
'or«i, 3 n"accralor bniM. TifCeUcnl rafHc pa11e>rn lor entertain I no or 
Am1 ly 
>lv l rvj. 
Loco l ed f i kemv 

Priced for lnvi>cdlale 

AMYTIWH. 

 if CrfA'RTER OVWS •*•' 
First Otf«rmn on (hit Spa clout 2 s|o- 
-y beoyty, QualKv bt>lll Into all 4 
:>edrooms, +>ixjo Hvlfls room, ful e r t o l h lamlly nx»n, 2 dccoralm 
•ralhrooms. Double oaraCK, privacy 
;enc«ti, many txHlt-lnr "- 

. 
- 

CAN^TWAIT, 

 t Jdt rvoiv. Vn'.incki nWel 
. nciw en r pel, Intercom, 

-- 
Mok« «''" - 

HELP! 

_ 

- 4 BEDROOMS ON I ACREiS ^ 

Home plus. hivestnKnt property 

Lo^v Lerxi Volley tn«s ill^OO. AS4-yr» aMer cPM 

WOODLAV/WHILXS 

Treei-Trees-Treei surround this 4 bedrooni t botri *i«rvc. Large pan elcd den wllh 1 1 replace. JEAN, />VA 
TIN 344-2241, 694>7M7. 

3oB JONES 

.Deame Owens 
NO 

1114 month. Chotc« 3-2-1, LacLlanl 
Terrace, riu'mns, renrrol nlr-r 
(enc*d. "Eqirtly 
UCOO ond o\*i 

L poi^f s^'An. CnM 4i)-nOo. nll( 
Simtfavii *73-5S7S cr *SJ-Hrp 

 hood, lots ol carptM-ig and built-in klkhen, N o r 1 h »I d e scnoeis. Low 
<f9wn pavmenl. 
HUOHES & V/AKEflCLD 
47 
REALTORS 
?? 

NORTH 
MLS 
5t 

FORLrST OAKJS 5 4ToRY~ 
Lcrro* love'y Sportls^t 4-3-2 vrUh JCpa rale ITv^iH) orvl eJInlrwr r'os ckn. Hilltop locolkn wltn ireti -- view. All liimjry extras onrt onl 

Asiunm. 414o711. Rcallori. 

WHITEtfiAD- 

HOLLIDAY 
__ 

ADAM'S HILL 

, (Corrxvodo) 3-J-7, ce cii! 
Equity, 

- ICON VALltY -^ " 

Hy QwnfT, &nork>Vx) 3-1-1, Sunken 

 ond o1- 

T-BIRD HILLS BY OWNER 

411 level) 3o ond den UD)rotfl' 
..jtllnlncj; fomlry room! 5-enr roa*j covtretl polio i many 

. 

 a-ul Locklaid, 4 

^rntnt. 12o uy. Co 

_ 

OFF HAUS^ANN RD. 

 iflnjcims, 4 boths. rai everythhy plus namt rofrn, heo^oi iwimmi' pool, (rc« shaded lof. 
• 

Call loda yfi 

WAYNE 3 LATER »H« 

 omeric, >?.?/ ttcftuMlul 

HoM.IDAV 

3-4-5 BEDROOMS 

2-3-4 BATHS 

AKCREEK +JORTKXVEST* WOO 
Is, cut Vane* Jncxson. 

OPEN DAILY 

o7o6 Lost Hilltop, 4-1W-2 ...$W 
7o2 OW Blu*, i-3-7 
57i 

71o Lost Hilltop, S-4-2 
U5 

o71o OVJ Blue, i-3^-2 
U1LDER 
MKE KINDER 
696-833o 

FOR THE FAMILY 

 wanls fo be necr ichoo's, ihon- 

 ylnrj cenlors, 4 blocks to exi way ond near NW Medkal Cenl bedrooms, 2 balhs home. •Large cov- ered polio, f«iced bathyord, corpet- cdi flocrs. Chv.-wr moved Irom city. 

CASUE PARK 

'or malls,end ichools. Trees. New- 
/ cfecoraled. 3 bcdrco,111. separate 

525o Frcrtcrlcksbnrg 

Home & Offices 

'rou.-xl floor has been used o1 Dac- or's offices ortd Loo. The upper oor Is o lovely 2 bedroom 2 balh partment with o bwiuNful living oom QAi w\jcrf Awning ffrepkx.fi. 
MJuced la $47,5oo. COM terms. 

CALL JH-1329 REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

Castle Hi!Is Estates 

Duplex-Oakcreek 

3126 SCENIC LANE 
Oul Vor.re J o c k * an, man/ ock recil Wcod fenced I 1,75o sq. II. 
:ct\ Srtft, 2-2-1, long lea56 not re- 

Cll>lf 
Rent—USO Mo, Ea. Side 

SalCi price—W9.5oo 

VJiH trctfe, plus written Buy-nock 

OPEN DAILY 
A 

MIKE KINDER, Bldr. O 

 express- lenltr. 3 

E.E. SEITZ, REALTOR, }!!>!» 

FOOTH1LIS 

M Irces iurrourxi IMS 3 bed- 

2 balh horro In a friendly rhood. Sunken llvlrx] rcom itche.-elle off rrxis'tr su'.te. 

. 112-3211 ANYTIME. 

K CA L T O R * 

ROSOW & KltNE 

 crcffr family home 
' privacy for 
'1. Five bcrfroomi, 3 full Ixilhi, rv.3 i both!, ond r'eniy c1 Irving cren o bc:l. tlugc covered pallo, privacy c^ced yard, on/1 loodi tA storcoe. If his m<«ls your rvc«ds, wo rcccxn- 

 end ajlck octfon. OWUI ANY- 
IME. 

ROSOW & KllNB 

No Down Payment 

..jvone con buy. Vitt don't uic r«-V «Kg.btlily. 2-3-4 bedrooms, 2 
LwtrB, seme central air c-ui oppll- rn:et- M?oo Jo 53JJOO. Atost iccliont jj-MJlT 
BOB o« PAOLO *«:»» 

LOW PAYMENTS LOW INTEREST 
And localed In Ock HHI« Terrace on conierJo!. 3-2-2 with den, i«wh ly (KKirds on a'I wlndo-ws. 

 rtHEAD- HOLL1DAY REALTY 

 ti f Aie* FOR"SWI>AMI NO 
' 

And th1i ICKQC l.ke^o^ spJll-^avcl 3- 
3-7 provide! perfect pool end *e11lr>o, 
Covered carpelcd poflo, r.ew kllchtn, n'.t luxury «xlras. In popular pees- line area of Glen Oaks. 6W37IL 
Realtors. 

WHITEHEAD- 

NoAR ST. 'M^'RY'S U 

Only on« teftl Novv 3 OR, 1W bolh. 

Kohenberger-Collins 
Iwtmmlng Paol, JeFferton area, 3-3- 
!, on Va acre. Cfnlral heat and air, 

JU^T THIKKl 

For only m«o, IAVAACULATE 3 bedroo-!i ho-rw v,llh (eoced yard, lots ol Irets, Tarce patio, central 
Mot-a'r <W be YOURS I 
G\iy 
Co* 

. dining 

Pecoo irces. I wort loil lor^g. _ . ccs; terms. Will trn^e 

JACK MITCHELL 

•oom, utility roi 

Dor-D.Q pit. CoH r> 

SY'OWNER, roreii bbVs, 3~ ng, dlnir.g. den, bj],i-!n cornelert centrnl hcol, 
' 
' 

REALTORS - 
WLS • aS3-734l 

' C A N Y O N CREEK ESTATES lieu rwn-e on ooll COJfie. 4 b«d- roo'ns, 3 bolis, mosrer twofoom nos 
Us c-An slwiy v/.m f:rep-'n«. romlry room has built In llreplac* and w«t har, I'vlr.a roo.-n, dining rcom, becu. t.ful H'ond Mltl-en vrtin torne br«V- loit or en, cor dolacho<1 oorarje^ 

CUHTON YVE1LBACHGR, DUILDER 
A1I1W4 
*«-5?'» 
34H3U 

Clrcn 3-lT oTr^iof, COJ^ry an-l av il44 rno or Va-Convon|ioiwil. 
- 
714-7o14, 7J4W4 

FREET 
'£„* Soliitoctlon piuj u wrwt you .. 

^Villh an expreil-Nlvn clo»ltled ei PtToljG H YOUR WANT AO-M5-1W4 

 iatUlocllon p'-us II v,iwt you wim on U)rpreit^«wa cloiiintd 

Pofl« 1oo Cxprw-N«w«, Sqfwday, April 13, 1974 - Oohfcn Twin 
I 

• 

I 

GREAT BUY 

•|Mt1rl»ri, >*>*««<. Ibtfll. 
Hcnr piion ttni. Iniaxytatl 

I N V E S T O R S 
REAITORS 
828-SW1 
MIS 

COLONIAL CHARM 

Just minutes out Blanco Rd-Alrttsl new, 4 becVexsm home on nearly on ocre, if, baths, Texas sue living areo with flreploce, Kporole din- 
Ing, electric kllctKfi, central tteal olr. 341-7HI. nlles MI-J*». RE. 
OSS ASk for OLIVE 1IZZELLI 

I 
I N V E S T O R S 
RttUORS 
82J-5W1 
MIS 

 if 'PRICE 'REDUCED * will »» V.A-, i torse MoVMffli 1 bolru llvlftf and dlnlnfl orta* petit, 
• 
C«ll Wins tu-i7<7 OWNER, ta-txa. 

MEDICAL CENTER 

Brick ana* cedar, o-2-2. s p a c i o u s teamed d;.i. Nice, Law MO'i. Open lirmi. Hurry! 
KENBAbfaSafflr' 

LOS ANGELES HEIGHTS 

Older l b e d r o o m MCM. Dining rflim, btoti e»i1in«. Ncidt drcorch ing fact paiilblillT«i sr«Qi. only 

1»o 17. ft. c! living areo-1 bee- room, 6*n. Large kTfcntn. A wtll maintained bomi on a levcty cwnir lot, s e c u r i t y flafrrts end tnori. 
Y.«H w«rln Mjfa, 

Foethiil*—a Mdrosm, 4 balh, centre) air, neal, fTagitont f.- 
- 

CenvcAltni iKouon, Between IH 1o nnfl Vcntt-JotXun. 12<.J». 7)S-f4M, 

•»•/ 

5 Bedrooms 

P/us s<porale living, dining. 6>r>, on beautlfo* lot **ith tree*. Covenienl 

3 schools and shopping, LUCILLE 
BIERSCHWALE 34<-23it» 3«-5Sfl. 

BOB JONES 

FOREST OAKS 
Spockxjs 4 bedroom, 2 story nome coaven'ent la bases, Medical center, nnd^USAA^by Owner. oajjjOO 

CASTLE HIUIS 

Owner IMS for sole IcvetY 3 bed room/ 3 bolh otl brlcV rvo.-ne with 2 car ollocned garoge. Elegont pa netted rrome-oltrce. Srparale Ltvino- 
Dlnlnc] area, large family ream with fireplace, covered poitf»f vrltti bull 
Li Bar-Q-O and sink. Qea-Jtlhjl trees on lai-ge fenced lot. By oppolntmtn. only. 34J-oo81 
4 BEDROOM 'BEAUTY 
C«r»el throi^nflut. All eleet'le kifch. 
«ft. SpllMiY*L Located Co* t" 
Ttmce. Wetk (» Mlmenlery. 
£28-6141 
6M-3o53 

•BY OWMER-APPo1NTMENT 
OAK KILLS TERRACE 

7915 
Farrow/ Spacteui SpanliPv SryfL 

H9m»* rarot corner lor, 3 large bed reomt, 2 oafcs. living room/ fcrrtly room Wlrh trick fireplace, separate b r e o k f a s t area/ daub.'e oarcKje 
33&5oQ. AilumpUon or Convcnlfonol 
6^-i?l?. 
FIREPLACE Enchcnlea 
,_ 
2/ almost new, woJk to schools and 
Shopping centers. Nttes 43J-9M?/ 734 
4toT, 6W-^9o. LOU FORKS 34X-1OT nlles 341-o11o 

4 BEDROOMS 
Enchanted Forest. Spac.ovs f»us*, 
Fom'Jyroomr breokf ast orea. Wed k 
<a scfwols. Nil 
-^^ 

LOUTORKS 

COLONIAL HILLS 
3 Bedroom 3 bam. ce.ilrcl heol t»d olr. 3<MHi. By owner. 
• Enchanted Forest * 

JUST 11STCD 

Cvlest house In town. 3 bedrooms, livlng-dlAing, ccols dill&ht kitchen, carpelrt <"* ircned- Outsla-uuo ard. Elsenhow-Chvrcti.ll Khoals. mxa. MI-IIU 

By Owner, Z>ell*lew Area, necrt, 3-r 
1, neor HE S«ooli. iNocpVfl cenJer, 
It near r<c owwwi», =*iv nice ccrner lot. J<l-ltM 
SENECA ESTATES, 3 bedroom, bolhs, lorse ll»lno area with fin piale, by ewner. tlillK. 

.OHtt 

EASTWOOD VILLAGE. THIS t bed. room home Is neor shopalna eenlef 
-. ond schojls. Buy VA-Softi' - - 
* CQNDRA. REAL ESTATE 

•ALCONKS HEIGHTS. 3 home v.-im 3-cor goroge. S1PXW BY 

231 CONTINENTAL 

GeautHully decomled. 3 bedrooms, 1 xitfi, Oen centre) heat air snve re^ 
'rloerolBr ond vrosher Included. 
IM-sm Morel Agency 
3fs Our 'Pleasure 

To be tne first to ihow (Ms fovety cuslorn .Mil ^on» in Costle Him iTJS sq, fr. of spill level beauty. 
Spacious living room/ separate d,ri- 
Ing r\>om, beoul Kuk 
(cmlly room vi.m a (Irtploce. CMrrrlrvj ihnif, « bedrooms, coroeous covered paH» ond much -much nr.ere. SW/oo5, 
Shown bv appofntment only. 

CALL »l*-nn REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

You c<m movt (or a> Illtle « BO. 
Menlhly paymnvts to suit your bud- 

PETE Po1TOIOS 

224-2737 
73S-MJZ 

+ Fornt Oaks, 3-1-2, dsumc TYl •* 
S2M m:. 
, 
. By Owner, tn-im. 

HOUICI— Soulheasl 

 rMWtACULAtE 

An excellent "Storler" home. SScy- k*r. Cosy terms. Priced ta sell. 

NORTH LOOP INC., REALTORS 

2&43oI 
539-5636 

OH N. Wallers, 2 Jorge bedrooms, wall 1o wall carpet, centra! heat. 
333-o6JQ LEOHARP, Realtor 661-M3J 
Pxcon Valliy. AU brlckr 3 bedrooms, 
2 balhs, den, 11 replace, pallo, 2 cor oaraoe VA-FHA. will Irotfe. 
JACXM1TCHELL 
532-31o7 

NeARfiANLXDlPH 

BftovJ IM la rjj i 2 bedrcem. *xf ra large den, 2 car garoge o-id vrork* inop. Custom cabkseu, central fteot- 
-Ir, VA apprised a» »W,5M. 

Mites 622-UU, 3J3-4M3 

DENVER HOTS CORNER. 3 bed- 

 roorns, living-dining room, but aT front etoor. WISI trade. 
4T*-7«M WAYNE SLATER 
*T*-UJ7 

Asivme er rellnanc* nke hunt. Ap* 
WOK 12oo sq. fl. living aica. 7 full 

— baiM. Near W.W. wnlle-. 92W114, 
o-7- 3H-2132. 

HYATT REAL ESTATE 

LAROE 4 B E D R O O M HOME In 
Highland Hills, close la school. Cen- ral hec», oood cleon home. A»ume ow monlMy payments or i-eflnance. 
Hurry— coii *ww! 

HUGHES * WAX i FIELD 

5M-3W2 
33»1!4 
924-433} 

REALTORS 

Hiland 'Park 

•fl>Se 3 bsdrooms, crrrrfng room, « . _ _ 
> a o a r Q o e* entry* psrcn* only 
1UCO Open lerim. Wlirfnxlc. n-Slsl 
BOB De PAOLO 
344-39fl 

 lent ai.ya. Ei-2117. 

DELLVIEWOFF VANCE JACKSON 
3-lft, carport, central heat and air, carper, fenced* by Owner. XI-5793, 
««.]i«.. 
' 

FOR SALB-By Owner 

Lcrce 3 Qedroom Plus home with L 
Baffci. Fully corpeled with drapes, screened In patio, laroe corner lot, pHvocy lencc wllh "2 car aaraoe, 
Tfmnderblrd Hills. W-45M 

ON W.W. White. AH rwosonry/ con r.er [cr, 3 bedroom;/ living room, ex ra Jorce kHchen* pa«[ beat, VA- 
RIA. \vii Irade. 

ACK MITCHELL 
M*3!o* 

5A§WbbD""VILLAGE ! 

 big b e d r o o m s / stporole dining 
&om, Juil pointed tnwd« ona eut. 
41ce trull and ptcan trees. Voccnt, 
FHA-VA. M1-4U,', IH-7U4. 

 f><m Cttntuill 

HIGHLAND HILLS by owner, 3-1-5, 
J X 14 Oen. Central Htat, walX U choat ond twi atop. 317,5oo cfier 

S71M L, A. HEIGHTS 

SUCO equity- S75 mo. (2 bdrm.1 
7M-»H 
«HAM HALL 
7H-T81 

•dr DEER HUN Vr 
This 3 bedroom ]va both needs car*' and ckanlng. Law ec>u(ty. 

BURKHAKW 8f28-6235 

Highland; Park - 2 btdnxxm. Rving com, klkbcn, 2 cor ooroye, vd^ w o r k s h o p ^ fenctd, bus, VA-HHA. de. 

JACK MITCH EU. 

 tto, barbeqoe pit Natr&a. down 

 pa- 
VA* 

_ 
533-9)31 

 spLfT-ve/rf 

V/hUperlng Oaks. 4-Vh, itvinvoom dlnlnoroom, fireplace In family 
•foom. Too irony exlroj to n-.efltlon 

NORTH LOOPr INC.* REALTOR: 
Re-5634 
*M-63o 

Of! W.W. Wbitc- A regl borgoln> bedrooms, 2 2>a1hi, dtn, 14X.U ut.Hty room, panel heol. Venced^ toll and ton of trees. VA-FHA. WIU trade, 
JACK MITCHELL 
53Mlo7 

OlMOS PLACE 

Coxy 2 tedfoom -1 bolh, <x>rV V block Irom tHiillrf. Large workvnop fenced yord, new wHnt or.d roof 
- 
REALTORS-iMLS 
M4-3aH 

DOli HOUSE 

Ont/ 2 years eld~O btdrown, 1V balh. centra t olr, heat. On aufe eul-ce-we. Easy asiumpllon or rHA 

PECAN VMXet lOTSOFROCWA 

S bedroomi J\i bottii, wltti nntral heat and olr, and det>W» garogt. 
Laundry room, carott and lorolnol 
Itosri. Varg* «(rw (ol. extra ATM k icjjji. Aiium cr rHhxwc. nT(S 

. oynwnti of sit?. 

. 

BOB FOSTER 

OWNER-HIGHLAND HILLS 2 bedroom ilory V> houi*. K>ml^*d «• 
Mi gmlihtd, iU-1716. orltf 2pm. 

HIOKLAND HILLS. Over 311o sq. ft. 
'- ihiv 4-2 ho.TK *lt.i a dovbiV 

_ JCONDRA REAL .ESTATE 

"CHfLOREN". 

 re all mat U rvetded to moke this tout* a home. 4 tedreomi, 2 balht, carpeted -throughout, separate utliilv room, co vereeTpatkt and fenced yord. central otr-hect, rong»< f**ri> rctor and dltmwsher. CaH fw an 
' 

Near 
Rlgiby- 
Enlro] rxrec 3 bed- 

DC Icml 4 bedroom 2 t»m , wall 
Fo H-otl carpel, newly palMed. 
3J3*MO LEONARD, Reollor MUSH 

"PRICED HVGHT" 

3 bedroom, IVj bothi, garogt. dWng room, central oir-hwt , ronge, 
Erloeratar. A reel sood buy. 

-*4*1 
Nittt 

 tench Volley, SH,Mo Wtlh I,,, 

 own al 74-*%, payments less than 
JS, PITI, Call or w rile 21U 
:huHe, Austin Texas 7I7W, 1-" 

!///£?£ 

HIGHLANDS. BeoulKul 3 OMrcwn, 
3-2 bOfTt home with Targe den, com- pletely carpeted, targe c o v e r e d pal o with lixOQ jieated swImmliV] pool, No down VA. Co!l naw. 

HUGHES & WAKEFtELD i3l 
REALTORS 
532-3U2 

SOUTH 
MLS 
EAST 

_^,IIM Park* 3 bedroom. 2 bo>h, family roam, ksrpc covered patio. 
Low eoully and assume l\3Z nw. 
333464o LeONARD,_RMljor 661-3323 

HIGHLAND PARK 

2 bedroom home on corner tot. 
2 garoge opt. to move payments-. 
BURKMARDT 828-6235 
Hlahlond Hillt- Kew home. 3 bed- roomi, 2 bflUis, living rcxjm, den, 2 car gorage, tvect, olr, VA-FHA, \VIII 

JACK AMTCHELL 
UMJU 

1534MclCfNlEY 

APPOINTMENT OMLV 
5 btdrooiTiSj 3 balhj, living room* family room, scporate dining -roomi beoutitul kltctiei. Otd but btoulllul, 
VA appraised al 1»XOO. 
Nlles 435-3J43, o33-AW3 

 ftEDUCEO TO $15.13* 

Corpet, )>(v« new, 3 bedroom* 2 baft 
>n comer lot, privacy (encti near 

71oo11. hen. A. Wldemon 
733-o751 

BEAUTIFUL HOME only 3 years o!d. 3 large exxtroomi, IVj bo.hi, central heat end u'r, plus built-in kUchen. AiSL-mc or refinance. 
HUSHES ft WAKCFIELD 

S13-M5J 
333-im 
93 

EAST 
REALTORS 
SOUTH 

HEED 
MORE 
ROOM? 
4 beaToom, 

IVt both In 
MFfiMond HII.'J. Anumt 

 or trade Harold Sclvxibel, S3MdS7. 

CONDRA R AL ESTATE 

We'll Buy Your Home 

- - - - - - - Fcr eosh. Fait service, Will Trade. 
SOUTH 5«-3U1 
BOB Dt FADLO 
^4-XTl 

HREf LWCE - 

3 hedroft-n, 2->lonr rode horn* vrilh 
UrcpTac* in d.R and masltr btd- room. Large lor with mony Iretl. 
Coll 111 SHI ANYTIME. 
M 

Sfruuutet, ff. 
ELSON 

REAL ESTATE CO. 

SlwmrCrOc Man*r — 2 bcdroi den, kirge covered pat'rO, 

3J3-OWO LEQKARD, Rt-altor 6A1-3^M 

A Buyer's Dream 

Clean and neat 2 bedroom, 1 bath 

E. Central School District tevf homeif 3 cr>d 4 bedrooms being built, buy now ond plefc yo-jr own 

332-4ooo 

DOUG VA'N 

BOB JONES 

Harlandale 

 pacious 3 bedroocru, d-'nfng room, versized: ooroae^ 72x2oo lot, [utl paL-\led, W,v l\S,V». Will lrod«. 
S« 31SI 
-BOB Dt PAOLO 
K4-3oI1 

HIGHLAND PARK. Lovely home Tn excellent condition. 3 bedrooms, 

 la roc defii large 
Cot wHrt prtvacy 

 lencl-ig cmd covered, pairo. VA, FKA* osiume, 

 tlUGHES A-WAKEFIELD 

5M^5Z 
EAST 
SOUTH 

Fantastic View 

CCeoonl -4 bedroom. V/i bath spill level hom«. High on o M'.l. overlook 

Pecan Valfev colt covrw. Over 

 sq. ff. lora* family room vrilh 

 flrep'ace, Cfxj parly roam. 2 boko- rJes, 157.KX). JOHH FELDER $44 

BOB JONES 
344-7o85 

 less Than $2o 

S oil tfw coin you'H need. 2-3-4 bed roonvir 2 batta, SO.TK cwiVo] oir ond appliances. Anyor-e can buy. iJ5-SJSl 
BOB De-PAOLO 
344-U1 

IELLMRE. Large 3 bedroom hom4. o be compierely redecoraled. Owner anzltnrs, Na cown VA. Wilt trade 

HUGHES 1 WAKEFIELD 

WJ-4331 
WEALTOR5 
SJI-S54 

SOUTH 
MLS 
NORTH 

LARGE? HOME i 3 betkocm 

 a dining room + ftjlly e<;ulppec 

 beouty &hop. Oreat Inveslment pro- periy. JJo down 
-- "• 
B""TJ ilM1 

HUOHES & V 

3311IM 
W4-4331 

WflLCOME SPRING 

 l.i 1h!s 3 bedroom ti ome. Poneted iai-nHy room, larce k i t c h e n win breoklatl area. C e n t r a l h.eat-oF 
Fenced yard. &2a,5Qu. 
Guy CA'ipman Co. 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS 
— 
JW OW1 

EAST 
By Owner* Delvfew Area, n«l, M-1 near »E School], shopping center nlc« corner lot, 34M3K 

HIGHLAND PARK 

?ta Kammtuvlr 4 bedroom, 1 bath or coo be used as duplex. Already cp- 

No Down $2o <C!osing 
3 bedrooms, stove, dr* f.'rst pcj 
•ment Li June. 
AH-74M WAYNE 5LATER47MTOO 

$17,75o 

J 

S li" hem B "ttr y"<»." "Own ir "cVireitJ sT i Hi School, easy lirmi. 

RAY TEAL 

•ONLY ONt 

Ur U kind. Cinlom d^l-^d cue by lit. 4 &eoVoom, nroh beamed cell 
Ings In Hvlng tffntno creo, L«wej level deft wlin fireplace ond wel bar, ctveerful efeclric kitchen. Urn; six]] decks, o1f bctVoomi. i57,X» 
"HomaRPTanre 
Oil Collagfcon Rd. 3 bedroemt, 4 balhs, Ian equity, r.o ttuQliryrng owner will trade. Call naiv. 

JACK MITCHELL 

DELL VIEW 

REDUCED TO 1IM«I 

C«ry 1 bedr«&fn bMnt/ rage ihtdy fenced yard. Pone!id and carpeted llyiAf area. Air-coed I llenta*. Ham* 

SUNSHINE PA31K 

Custom buJIt 3 bedroom wllh 2 de- luxe bolhs. every extra Jo b* f&um from m» dream Htchtti vHtft doubt bv(it-lA freerers, rcfrlgero!eri, one double ovens. The one taroa Itvlnc oreo wtlh ffreploct opens onto X covered pallo wllh jprmH?red vortt 
Truly one of a klrxj. W7,»o. »JM]7 

OAK MILLS TEKftACe 

3 bedroom 5 batti, en tre* cav»r«xJ ox«<. $24,5oo. «orfhikJ* schooli. i 
OAtKY I>AQAM MALTY 344-lrt 
BUSINV5I CXKCUTIVC VXCIAL 

 t*HOHe YOUR WAH1 A&-225-144* Ji 

REALTORS 
SOUTH 

"DEllLCREST" 

Ictrner lor, 3 bedVottn, corpeled bulll in rarroe, relrJoerater, . v«n! a-Kood. aartxjse dlsooui] ond dltn woy-.er. Ke!o>c In 1hls large paneled den wllh fireplace wW.c you ar ba r-b-cfue'/>o o<i pve pallo. 
Cal nowil 337-f 

VA. 
Estate, m-jil 

-ocvn homes. ISO di i»-7<M WAYHE 

 toa.i on this iarfie older 

Htghraad Hlllt — Extra nice. o bed noorm, living room, kitchen, fenced, oil of trees, VA-FHA. V/III 1/ode. 
JACK MITCHELL 
MM 

OREAAUIOrVuH on opproxlmotely 7 acres, r.ear £om Houitoo <}|Fcyi. A 

E. PALFREY 

?-{. wilh separate dlrjna rocwnf living room, ar.di family room. A value bir at onty i?^,X», iW-WSI, tVrltcn 

DOUG VAN BURHN 

KIKG WILU'AM 

Have Iaro4 cr-d imoll hltlirlc Turn* 
IiTed, M(d rirtovallen. 77«-U75. 
RESTORATIONS, INC. REALTORS 

HEQHLAHO HILLS, tike 3 bedroom home, t\tor eierr.enlcry scnoo), onl 
113,5oo. Eaiy terms. 
CPU PR A ftEAU ESTATE 
337-47A 

Dellcrtlt- 5p!c a.id spcn, J bee 

 rooms, 2 baFhi. den, centra) h«o and air, 2 Cor garage, fenced, VA 
FHA. WiN Irode. 
JACK MITCHELL 
333 

FAMILY HOME 

PRICED RIGHT! Lorg. 
2..b|31.r]' icparat* 
~ ' 

 can spotiow, fXrim, 
oFUBIOLA 

KELIY-'UACKLANO 

BiDutlKil 4 btrfrttml, 7 tvl) bell" ov«r IK* sq. ft. wllh iNIiig roam end i*flor«1e tflnbtf. Ler§« famll room w)1h >» sq. ft- library. All pen ded cmd carpeted. (11,SM VA « 
FHA tiiwncJng avalkAr*. 
CeJI Je 

Williams W1 ill* »r J44-IM. 

One Acre 

'ghfand HIITt 3 bodroOfr.Si 2 cor Ga- age, ihedi, fence, many trees, on>!y 

11-5111 
BOB Dt PAOLO 
3«4-3Ml 

OOTTAGE 'FOR 2 
Dfg bedrccm. Wo big kikh- en, utility room, fence, Irecs. 
Close 13 iown, 17.ooo. 

349-1771 
IJA 
REAL 
IJAf 
FIHU 
ESl^ATE 

1 nltes 

 lf/Ofl/o Z///Of 

REALTY 

$TSI5 MONTHLY. 3 or 4 bed 

TER 3«-741 

 lepos.l 

SLA1 

_ 
3 fcKlroam, jnced, near fcoi o-*d schools 
VA-f HA, *U,SW. 

*1*5KI?IS R^*LTJfi_w4-*su 
"NEAR LACKLAND KELLY" 

 t bedroom home In move In cond ion. Convenient io schools ond olhe icilltlK, Fenced yard, coll r.o* 
174-1*77. U4-4W) 
ASSOCIATED REALTY 

FHA «i, 
, 
. 

234-7Mo Amerkcn 
Really 
314-fiT7 

BIG SELECTION 

 of redecorated homes. Some FH 
235. Call for Inspection. Equat \ 
/vg Opporlunlty. tlMiM 
ALL REALTY 
*«-!» 
" FIRST PAYMEtIT IH JUNE bedrooms, appliances, air, garoge 

1U PLEASANT VALLEY 
1 bcd'oom, Wj bath r.xne In e: 

 ceirenl ccndlllon. Fenced corr^r ID! 
" " looayl 
J17.MO. 
724-47)7, 82 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

FHA »S 

Uke ne-rf In all areas. Anyono ca buy. Hoblamoi Espdnol 
>JH«Hi 
Arcinlttto Really tft-nu 

 if $5o DOWN •*• 

NEAR S.W. MILITARY Dr. oil Zcr ramoro. 3-4 t*<!r«v«l, 1-2 bolht. I 
K'im O.D^OOMZALEI' 
AISUME OR REFINANCE targe 3 bcdsoom 1»me. ^^a^y ft 

 o»«ac»l- «ll trick 3 ortroomi, _ bottii, riving room, <Xn, dsuth 
J"".-. C2{??»!. «.».««! .P".1.1!! " ' ivin, coradfi covtrtd eallo. Bffr>B- 
) pfli Ftnccrf, VArHIA. WJll lrod«. 
I«K HJICHiuT^ 
JJ24H7 

 down VA. $15o per mo. 

R.K, RAHSOM REALTY, 173-77I 

APPROXIMATELY «» 
" 
Puli you In or* of the«4 lovely 3 
I bedroom homes. Anyone can buy 
Corpe Jnv«n1ery. Coll for dtlaii 
CquoJ Hoyimo Opfwlmllv. 

HODSDON ft 
ASSOC. 474-31 

, 
, 

 rrxKiy alrvci exlMt. Peatervob equll/ <ifv3 CMIixrn pcr/ment) of 111 

OBNB PATTOH REALTY MX 

•^ No Down Paywonl -^ 
TO VETIRANI. 4 bedroom, 1 hot i, cinl/ol rxol, ttove, J17.ooo. 
' O.i, 
QQHZALBZ laW4 

K»njl?U>«Hl twrnt, ) «S X W*^ 
*m.<Svt-httpt JTUM jwjw^tt. 
<Svt-httpt 

. 

 doub!e »rage, 

 rcHrt klkrrtn ond *«t» of 

RIALTY *H^11 

NEAR KELLY AND LACKLANO 
Move kt now. 3 bedroem 2 ten, 

CfAlral heal-o^r. Low »4uiry. 

BURKMAROT 828-6235 

WORLD WID£ 

RBAITY 

 alley HI. Krwty palnltd 3 brdfOMa 

 auitt crea. Hug* b«outJfvl yortf 
~W" 
* 
-•-••- 
—* w 
..... orea, .„., _ 
, oully and! auome tlJJ f*r mo. 
R.R. RANSOM REALTY, *?W*\ 

"LfVTNG AK6A" 

 ptentlM En this 3 bedroom, 3 jalh, 2 car oaraoe r«me wiln fonfir- 

 room, cacpthng, central olr-heah 

 axqa and dtstevosner. Fenced yord nciudei a laroe covered potto. Cati r»w, «n-So$3 nU * oTl^TM 
WORLD WfDf 

REAITY 

 an 3 bedrooms, corner lo>. Equity 
1 assume 6VLoon. a7*-Jl*6. 

«t«roni na aawivon 4 bedroam> IVi ath, home la eitoblithed area, ear baies. Coll for detail.. 
R.R. RANSOM REALTY, 4»-7»l 

o offer Ihls beouUlul-3 bedroom. 2 oth home for sole. Separate cUnlng 
•xd family roomi, ullllty room, star- 
*» shed, carpeting eenlrol air-hecrt n a fenced corner lot, Presti l y olnted Ins'tfe ond out. 5e* 1hts one ooay. CoU 674JSW nUu 67^-o437 

ZZ///75 

RPALTY 

 jfo:ery Slore and 2 rea} bousts. 

4,ooo. 
I4-S4M 
C.P. KOSUB 
W2-I 

 j-Near Sears South^ wlv remodeled 3 end 4 bedroom, baft homes, tso dawn, VJ5 month, 
[ucl Housing OaporrimlLV. 
Hart McCormfclt 3*MU4 anytlnrt. 

4U W. HUTCH INS 

 bedroom home porwlkxi ond lix 
•ne Inlenor, carport wIFhj storage. cross from Terrell Wells Middle thwl. VA no down. 953 OM5. 

 iVclNTOSH REALTY 

Y OWNER, 3-1, low eqully. As- vmc 7ViV, VA, «!3-Tlo9 or 34J.?3T3 

LACKLAND-KELLY AREA o down payment. 3 bedrooms, ilh, garage. Anyone con buy. ft 

RISHAM REAL ESTATE «4-1«l 

A DAMS HILL 

 xpeasH for tNs lov*V 3 bedroom, both. tfavbTo finished garage, 2 po- os, huge- kllcKw, oppiioncex A»- ume. no avail Moo. 

HODS DON i ASSOC «7*-l»* 

"7 AM. fiUSK" 

 t your ^c>m« for the balhroofn gel- log to you? Then colt .for ai o&- wrntment to M« th1* 3 bedroom, 1W 

 lh hwrw >vllh carpeting, centr 
:r-bwl and fence. 47^3523 n!1e 
WORLD WIDE 

REALTY 
2 'ACRES 

 toil I Big 3 bed- 
Mm, fdnuly ro«m, c e n t r a l «rr> 
Not. In MaylWd Pork. FHA-VA r cinYinHwcl. J42-4U7, ttl.&ll, 

Looking f*r • 4 bedroom 
Mm*. 

Ve have ci Icrge seleclton now In xnt areas ol West S.A. Payments am t?7 m<>. ond some avol fable tor eflr.ar.clng wiln no dc-wn paymenl o qucIWed Vets. Others for assume* en of exlsHngj Joan with cavMles as w os SI.ooo. Seeing Is believing- alModay. 
• 

GENE PATTOH REALTY 4M Ml 

VALLEY HI orgaln buy, Irmnocutale 3 bedroom! both, covered potto, fenced, range r. 1154 m*., lo* -equity. N»W *>V 

KODSDOM J. ASSQC. 471-KM 

A Y M E K T S OF till per mo.7 

 r but we have two 3 bedroom 

 ro.Ties with these low payments and ifv eoultfe* tool Cotl os for detoUi 
TERRY KEMP REALTY iM-llM 
JB Quolilyino. for 1hli 3 bedroom 
KHr.e, vacant, ready fcr ocevporvcy 
••oymenls under 175 per moo.h. Cal 

JACK MITCHELL 

M-S7IS 
6M-o7oQ 

Lcefclaid drear becuNfOl 3 txdroa. 
[/? bain, oarage wtlh ccolrol air orvne, fndfle, «rpct. fence. 
On1 

S7AOO eoully, assyn-* VA rwle, 
?<-<;!! BROWfl f. ASSOC. d73-^7i 

 tSM TOTAL EQU/f V 

Jke 3 bedioom home near LacVIom wtlh rcnoc, IrJdge, o'.r, fenced ynrd 
Viiu.-ne Jow JI35 mo, jj-^12 BROWM & ASSOC. o73-3i . 

 bcdroNn becne. carpari wllh sior 

 ogf, fenced, acrait from Harkindal 
Jr. High. 473 W. Hulctini. VA dawn. 922-OE85 

Me IKTOSH REALTY 

.__.,. .-,. home .and .w 

 m-imfWin: 
' "' 

HYATT REAL ESTATE 

 ilklre Excepllonolry nice 4 bed- ocm «j|h jxineled den. 
PartkUl 

 carpeted wIMi carport, axil work hep, loli of extras. Call trs (or on appointment. 
Ronald Williamson Realty m^HT 
WI-KM 

 down payment, SJO cloitrK] cos 

 oiyone COT buy. Convenient lo Ke<! irxJ Lacilatvf. 4 bedrooms, 2 bolh 
Ir-il pay; 
;My»T_ 

'n-.enf In June. 

BOB De PAOLO 

FOR SALE 

344*3o1 

197] PACER II Ft. Travel Tralli 
-uiv t-l' con!al^T^d wliti olr contM 
I on I no, tandem wheel, e!ecl. brafcts 
UseJ J trn«i, Bra.-uJ new and a rea bir/ at *M>W. 

Phon*4W-3W1 

Valley HI Area, nice 3 ttdroftr, home, Assumt 4% VA loan, 

• FHA 235* 

. NO DOWN PAYMENT . 

Under s»o le- move In, paymejilj 

 under s» II you noalifyl? 

NODOW^l 

IX CLOU NO 
•ed/ocms, slave, relrl^erolor, all r Myment XM 1. 
IU-741* WAYHE 
SLATER W iU 

 tnt A»o ASSUME VA <Co1. 3 be? room, l'/i balh, 1 car oo/oot, 

 lo 

. ond Ktll r i h 

, 
, 

Irol tiMloJr, feiKed, cloir lo 

 ond Ktll^. riorlhjVto 

 ce 

Uxk- 

KATIOHAL REAL ESTATE (It-M 

 olferlr. 

 lull 

 fff,«d 

ACXAMS HTLT. •*• 

 rooms? lots of rooms? Fl. 
1o oo tMl tlllt new 4 bedro&m balhs. eilra Njg» living r«<xn, 

 fenced yortf, oaro^e, covered pall 
«Afrot heat, olr, pi us oil *nulp« kllctwn. Eatltst lermi. 
*7i-jlio »r :«(?•? 

Deame Owens 

Owning 
Lo* 6tr*n poymcnr, lnvn«dk)T, c cvponcy. Invrxx^al* 3-3-1, bu^ll-lA a!r, carper SIM ner month, ^Aovt 
•KM. oX1 t»-7(M. ntlil and Sun dayl* <7>2SK or oS>l/». 

CLIFFORD LOOAN. INC. 

 neAK LACKLANO 
1 birm. 1 b«lb, CiKBo;*. RtattMbl 
_jpov«l' 47J-MJII EVMlnit. t»M1 
'By Owr%4r/Nt«r UickleM t Kl"h 
Oton. J-I carporl. Cnroil. Sftvyi E' rily._A»umc 
Loon- »?j;?H>. 
^EJJ 

'//a 41111 nive FHA J1S. 1U rfep«i! 
Government pays '/r. HoWnrnM E 

1MII!TEftffA RPAITY 

7I4-»4« 

^(A«S illll ovolli-bH. : 

>».>n 

I Ixdroorrrt 

M bo'tu riom $7i. O« ZiKci«TKr 
»(-7M Amtrluo Hurry 

H7 PHONE YOUR WANT *O-J«.|«4f>i(ONirV6o'H"WWrrXtf:5iif*« 

Jiill-coiiHtrybtgiiis" 

University 

• 

• OUT 1-T(5 15 FM' f6o'4. tf FT S MllK TO JAiCOCK KbAO. 

OR CALL <»-.3Si3 o1 »i,i«^OPEH .DAILY 1o-7 
. 

"TV PW3BLEMS" 

 hen th* children &houtd b« 
LKtyfrrcj? Com* see trtfs beoyllfui bedroom* 1 balh home with ixty. AludY could be used c* 4th 
•drown, Cefltrot fllr-heatt range-, r*- 

 wotor orxl dlitm-cnher and pr Mi- fenced corner Pot wllh poilo. 
•u« your- problem*. M4O7a nll« 
WORLD WIDE 

REAITY 

E « LtytraM. 4 acrti wlhfi ulllf- 
»^<tvallat>lr. Oww.iman»d. 

3RAMBERGER REALTY 

HT WITH OPTION TO BUY. . 

 ory .1 Mdroom, s tall), I ror go- 
To and extremely nke home In a e area, walkta^ dlllonn ra tie- 
-•— --hool. Corner lot. 

REAi. ESTATE C4-H11 

Close tr> 

M.I ocret, woter ond elKMdry, tm xr cere. Ooen tefrra. «S4-7»7 nrtlme. Realler. MU. 

OWNER REMODELED den 
$hBp, ilorooe, cflrTJOrl 

H-17M WATSOH J. SO M ?)I-?K1 

NEAR LACKLAND-KELLY 

 ce 3 bfrbrCKHn hfrrn«, many extrol, 
•Ihlloe KhftDli. Eqvlty ond 
~~ i\f££$?'tm'a'-on<in 

- 
-J ftEDROOM ON COVE 

 repKscc, new room, eorpetj sunroom ij-llll WATJOH t ION M5MW 

PAKK HP. »f MEDINA LAKE 

I ACRES, near Pip* Creek, has 

Home, J wells, on pavement. R & s ondCa. WITO. 

RY NICE 2 bedroom home In rlar.oole w I t N playhause <Uxl6 
. Ma.iy trees. Only HO.nO, no- ng down VA. coll Ray Simmons 

CONDRA REAL ESTATE 
'•*« 
673-loM 

 tear Running cretk, targe oaks, 5 ens or more an Covtily rood. Son- era county. Easy terms, by owner, 
^"Per or Blley 4H-tt». nltel 1- 

4 'Bedroom $14,5oo 
.beaullliH tisme villh IV. totti idll-to oven, ronoe on* oth«r «>. 

|S. A 1*o1 baroalal o>4-»», 41<- ohenberger-Collins 

?ecan Valley 

 xuf/ brick 3-1-J, cjinrng rerm, 

 n, fireplace, *quipped'kllcl.en, cor. t. Loads ot e*lras> assume or reU- ice. Will trade. 
_SU1 
»&B De PAOLO 
K4-Xt 

WNER.Valley 
HI, 3-2-1, pa/ieted tchen, oppltoncett central olr. 
•ol, fe«ced. Loroe covered redwood 
Ik*. tlM, 7X \?A. Eoyrty. t.W(,K 
Just Listed *235I Equity jwety redecomled o'mostr f*vt 3 
*droam home with ofr cctndlHofclng md full kitchen. Only SN3 mo. /m- 

 dkrt* occupancy. Call m*| 7JZ- 

JIM FRIPPY REAL ESTATE 

-UColhfm Hi «rea. sfMtTV.WvA 
-7H> Ameflcsfl 
*~ " 

LAROE BUILDI»9 SITE mile Irom ioop J19, MW deelred lo- olkm. Deep soil-wooded areo. Wa- er, clly ereclrlc and l o r e phone. 
«.7P mo., snvjll down, 7% simple merest. Coll Les Ftller «>.72». ' 

 ntfaw VIDate U. Immocvhila 3- 
: <="Tje roomii mwiy exlra*. t. HANSOM REALTY, 4»-7Hl 

 jgj|.7ggg MMMi LQ. WfMULIY. «>Wt 

 thJs 4.becfroom hcnw with Family im, pfce fencetf yard. Vacant. Eq- ly, oswjTne low SlOS mo. 
T 

4H?.'a ..BROWN a. ASSgC.473-3.S77 

KOPPLOW. 3 bedroom, l"Bofh" 

 fTuicuiofc. New roof, new built-in o v e. Re modeled t*v«i>grK)-jf. Ho wn to Veterons, SK,ooo. 
•I13< 
ABPO eve. 34MSS7 

.CKLAND .KELLY, By owner, 3- rirr neolr range, new ex let lor 

 rfnt fenced yard. Hew VA note or 
'--- 
Assume 6V 

Ernest J..Evcrs 

NO JOKE-Thfll-i mtt Ted HEED. lit/ HI. 3 end 4 bedroonu, l aiw lOlhs, «nhol atr or units bu.lt to, payrainlt ril May. 
. 

O.t.OONUUZ ttlUH 

SWIMMING POOL RcfntMW HUH bedrooms. 2 fcolhrt aoora*,, central, 
-twoI, ronoe. NS KhooTj, «qyily 4 jff3t MUSKE'T RFALTY 

Cam f*r v«er rume, ht *r 

Small Fonn. W* «UY «3 SELU 
FRANK GONZALEZ. REALTOR 
W4 HfraeUlin, TH-itll 

 berirocin, 1 bam, poneted den, ceo- o1(neot-alr, fvUy carpeted. Low « lY. assume AV.V. loon at 1115 mo. 
EVER REALTY 
911MI&. A4H« 

ICty HI 
KanrhBrODtlful 
3 bed 

 im, ^ both f.ome wllh double go 
>c rn exclusive oreo by the Afi rce Village. Tolnl prTce only 
7,9oo.. Existing 4oon wllti payment 

1175 ran be assumed or use fl icing ol vour entice. " 

GENE PATTON REALTY <T<-H11 

SOME LEFT FHA 1o1 

 ke new 3 and 4 bedroom, . Anvenv jn buy. For Info col! Ado.-n. 
3-19o1 ArcWcoa 
Really ?2>Slt4 

Homes Moved and 

Wreik*d 

*14 Army buiming deitvered i x3t nrroved and foundation, 
PODS OH 
*n-m 

HOL/SE 

MI p> to be tTroved outtfifo 

 ty at MT4 Pleaianton. For mare ... rnralFon Call Jock Chevies. Z8-2296. 

4M FERRIS 
Btdreflm Beouty 

Suburban Property 

_ ACREI. 1-3 m-Ie from 1«H icufh omersel schaots, fruit Ireti, beau) 
1 h o m e s l l e . JERRY BACON 
E A L T OR. 672-3113, 432-377J, (1 
1-32S?, 
ATTEHTLOH TEXAS VETERAN! r>d your search, 
S Texo* vets 

 acts avolloble. IJIce trcti, vra 

.'Ine, and on poy«l rood. L«1s o 

GOLD DYESS RALTY 

AOVEDl w«s» sell 
15 ocret - 

Ipe Creek. 3o miles north ol Son nlorvTo. Make Offer. II,V/. MarlLncr 
oo M.tl P«nd, G a r l a n d Texaj 
5o4o, 21M76-1US. 
Chile* BuHCIrvg Silt i.U Acris 
.ocaed wllh oaks. iOO'pflvtd road roAloge. Oy.*r.er financing avoiroble 
Mtrtt s<e to opp«c)ale. Jim Ho/dl 
)4 6J3J, nltesTl«-**«. 
Pleasanton 9.3 Acres 

3ft mid. U L»oa -til ., 

 r e n t e d poslures<joW Medolll home, 3J-1, Loro* famlfy room, ca 

 et. All Modern-Centra! air, heot, otwmr%ed oorth, Irull trees, Ueo choals, shops. WJ's. VA 7.5% Flex 
'e fUvsnclng. Owner. JW-Sftt tvti tikendi. 
ACRES o>l BUM (CO RB, II mire 
•^L1^' ^"'-J flaroQM. Hflfi 

GR'tlAT! 

 im J bedroom kouw 

CT A 
UCI " 

Reel Gttal 

'Broter 

StA'WT 

F yw cao'l afford a tTo r*m*-a his t!rt>*—cwuroV IhU txlrff ntc* bedf-ooTi J talh mobile home — omplelely rurntpxd arvj ofr rood 
Itrved — en Jr. acre and Nntw lloMy reirrlcted park. U mlnuTi rom nerfti Sfw. 

CALL IH-mf REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

LOOK 
» orro nwlly (n Coatlol, .. er, KtcXIcllir OAd 1 ' mj'» f*M 
'onlWi lorpe llvt MVs, li&tlc Iw7^ mr QrovH ^It. Mi/t I M« ^« opff 

INDIAN HILLVtt At^M , 
' 
UiM mot in Herat. Oakl, unlrtr, olr.h«rt, IWTOM; big rock polloV. 
M«<4 WATioff V iOM TtSttl 
U2 ACRES, house, j tonkr, m pave* 

 enT. Corrlio well* Owner fmonce. 
« Laid Co. oH-ISM ft minutes rrem -Wetuerlft* n 
«r« on ««ile Loop. Terim fct> owner, Xoiper or RLt«y o7^S4M. 

•crei u mi Miui osovt Medl i larftB furnished 

 equity end osiu 

 lno ile 

ONLY 4 tEFT 

 uil 4 large tract ofc Vlllgeje North. lilt In tHiilfbl 
. S»W javlnoi. AD 

 a beaulllul (Xon to Uve. miitefc - 
,.— .- 

Cotl RAY WOOD 

4M-HH, mtm. < im. in-nK 

I«n4, KQISrjwnas^ 

•cris ort beouHfui streom ht'Bcm- era co«tnty. Lots ol tre«;-«asy 

1 ACRES bed/oom house, sll.KO. focrno 

 orth Foster fid. ar St. HeOvrlg. oil) or Conventional. 

C.D.HARRELL, it-7*n, 
Hi-mi 
31). im 

-Wood valley. M,OX; own^ otter S p.m. 

 ees. with hen>se. 
>rrta\l ocrcaoe 

__ fl 
-Of-53oo^o. ft. 

 malejtkaJty il toted » as nlitncr. ree-atudded ocrei "ca HipJrwoy « oit East of Luting. A lacy* wrought ran goiebo and oktumqu* wind- mill add a re-rpaflllc touch tft 1he mwnllKerrf hccna of & years. The tablei, inoded by b'y trees, I; particularly dttlgtilful spot for 

 ineri at well ct tfce Iwrm. The 
-'ch and pallo are of qiwrry llle 

 vfll/i spJendrd CorlnthJa.i Crowns and 
Plllart. The Vvhole place Is beouMful 

 nd Innovative — ond 
FncEvcfes S 

*droo.-Tii, 3'A baths, sprinkler sys- em> 2 wafer wells, 3 cor oarage, and curving driveway. It's all brick and superbly bulll la lost <many ttfe- 
'mes. Pieaie call Joe E. Davlir 
!Mllori4SWWl Area 312 «. i/Jfe 5MO Airpart BrvA, Ainfln. 

"°*?* 

RETIREME 
- - 
._on lot. SutherloiU sxlnos. 
<M3M t.O. RIPPS RLTY. tJt-CMt 

HILlCOUNTiRY 

TRACTS 

Just Under an Acre 

 l«o-lew down ond mcnihTvi 
V/eft trees,.paved rood. 
- 

Beanttful Balverde Ana 

Over an'ocre, ««. IDS down, up t* 12 yew* at 7Si inicrejr. 

34S-2J84 

EXCEPTIONAt 

Laroe spoeleuf Ircxls 
(oT* 

 mosl J ocres) SJ75o. E«el. rent lorma, LarM rre«Si view, poved roafl.T-festlae crecr, 
- 
733-7744 

NEAR BY 

TI miles out Son Pedro -(XI north) from 41o. Over on acre. 3I6Q, 3tt down, «S.]7 per mo. an 24 monlh is nolc. owner financed, no qualir/rno, 

822-W7S 

ObloUi HUD properly reparr from developer end reod It belore jloning-a ny t h 1 ng. 
HUD ndmer approves ttie mcrU* of lt>« olferlng nor 
Ihe varue el tne properly as an invcslmentj. If any. - 

« ocr« hiti aunlry NW Son Anlo- nJo, Over a m!le cf hiQttway frcn- oge o» U and «. 3 n««e/, g«a enccs- tar.dlna »^rp, tire creek - everal lo^e tllei. Native and exe-rfc game. ."Excellent fkiaaclmi. B * wrltclMll&n Invited; 
^ B 

H. F. DflvEdllH - RMltOT 
31J-J1IIIW P.O. Bi* 11J1 
SM M«rc«i, T«Xai 7*iU 

CMHrcit. IM'XMS', V/eter, «I«ctrUT> 
V* cily fdeohone. Good »oU. A ml. rom Loop 41lK:uf«bfa. 1.5« «-.H. y. poyments ti&.o7. *»oH7. ^ 

HtLLCOWrfc-Y 

33 oeres ¥rtlh panoron-Jc =.v:ew. 4. mJn. from t.«w 41o. «So8 per oar*, 

Bob Shaltz 341^2(7 
Hone lovers Arise! 

Over » ocrn o< land Mth 3 bed- room, 2 hotn home and fiuQe . motf- 

C«ualry Lt«;>« al Us But 

4 beavoom, 2 bain, slucta hftme cenrro) olrhevl. Big, oil e l e c t r i c house on 7 ocres of coaslol bernrvu da-SeuUicI Somerset. «^7W. 
CWna drtvi/ betwIlfiH 2 and 1 OCTJ reels, water, Hants, Ireei. 
«•-])» L,o. RIPPS XLTY. 
Neer s » m « r s e l or Lyltc. i,^. acret. Deoulirvl oaks, good oarde. soil. Small down. Owner finance^' 
CTavde Beverly. 

FANTASTIC VIEW. 27 acrei orv illt lop, good well, paved rood fror fage. Located oul Son -Pedro, 1 miles from 16o4. Owner financed. 
»t-74» WAY HE SLATER 
.MtV-Ov? 

LOTS 
1 acre end 1.7 acres In 
WINDWOOD 
ESTATES 

 ord U acre and ?. 

 ceres In STAGECOACH 
MILLS, •beaulirul fcuiW 

Don Smith Co. 698-244o 

NMet: I1M*3I. **s-ini 

 l i A n C».-H«ar LaVernla, Exlr 
, e 3 bedrahti home nn M acres. 

Ml-Jna L.O. *IPfS RLTY. 4M-HU 
- . ACRES, convtennent to l. 
Hwy 123, HtOf Molorola Plonl. n«^ lot*or pool, Oftly U3.COO. L l n n e a stock & Anoc.afH. *n-313t 
/7» ACRES overlool^g Guodoli 
V a l l e y . Mvtt ice lo 
' ' 
KTXilI down, easy ten 

 iwdoli/« 

 opprTeckile s by owner 
Jlm 

HIL1 COUNTRY LIVING 
» mlrt. HWh Star MaHl, »l North ieoujlli-l 3 story Mme, My,, roc 
IrealKe, air all opplloncei, toun 
LrY,,clut' l"-l«n«es. Assume 11.oo9 

1oMERU-T ARE*. 7» ocrei M oood dork loom sell. CretK Iront, navei rood fronlooe, 3 water wells.fa In come produtkio oil welll. E»ceHloo. f'S "•.*'.* *>"r»«n Mme with cen 
.^,' £!? olr- (>-Mr »'" ' 

HUOHES «, WAKEFIELB y\ 
REALTORS nl 
SOUTH 
MLS 
NORTH 

>1 ml joulh ol Ltopm. ||KV]| 
*m*i. Hf. Crone Hl-itU oflw s. fl Acns wlHi permoiMnfTreeCTTo mto. II. el Loop 41o. HLSKf. 
VCK OHMY. 1! or 
"~ 

»lrr> 
. gated ocres ais covered Ir 
... taro« oak alo 
BtoullM ^ec« rwra cretk. 

 wllh oood Inveslment polent 

HUOHil » W4K 
«BALTOR$ 

Vi ocr«, aarden i 

"LOST MEADOWS 

5ilTplilSi* 1"K"' *'««l'lelly. *ol«r 
/Ipil"o/^'* ^*ftv<'1'<nl t» LF)arxfal|> 

""(ISlVEBJAL 
!^3?i^^^2^ /t. 
*».»>! LX?.Hiyrt RtTY. M*M 

1o'/j ACRES 

Btb SlraHz M1-4K7 

- 
. 
. 
. 

 ronlaoe. Ullllllii lo property. Deer nd wlldlile. Call HsncylCeller. 
BOB SHULTZ REALTV 

Ml 4247 
. 

BEPOSSESSIONS 

SevtfM ctMTct rt.«ueut«M. 
Inl nw»e J3»JM fcxk ijay. 1 nwnt »d fcka 'B|l f»re. >Ex- 
«llnl Hill CewUfy lea* . 

3JJ-77-H 

*• LOOK OUT YOUR. WINDOW * 
See the Qorjjeoui view bcnecm vocl, 
5.* acres of nalure fresh, land, only minutes from loop 4id. caU for 
^nowtog, Ab* Epstein 43^-WU. 

BEDVCEDflSH* 

Hill ouihr enwil tnKl| 
Charmrn MIM Ule. Jmi r<- 
JhKM It »m, VlnVHMT 
(Inmclnt >n IM14 term nil*. 1 

 flfce hon-.e or rrxAII* hwr.e, or 

 lust [iwtt.mtnl. Top soJI and many 
Oafc trees, $J7W MM terms, Coll 
Mr. SmILI 674-2211. nllei t,H-t?n. 

 b* di 

512-442- 

•OWNER F1HANCED 
13.62 acres I miles south of Ktrr- vllle. Good hunting. USOO. HM downf «J.o3 per mo. for IS yeari al 
IVi% Con>e by L&M Enterprises on 
Hwy. U soulh er coll (5UHW6-3535. 
.1o.73 acre i, OoV Park, E. Central 
&JS-33M L.G. RIPP5 RLTY.^41-o41 

JHAVANO PARK TO*V/NSHIP li on Incorac-r&ltd rtild««Ho1 c*t» monllf •! 4H nomtl, II nas iliedy growth of «v*f M yian. Locatia wlthia 79 minutct el oiwAiown Son 
AaHnio, via HVt Exprtitwoy, IH 19, it Ir clsie H Hirlh Star, Centra] 
Park, and Wacdir^cwid 5 h o P ,» I n a 
Mtlli and Ihe Melhedlir Hespilal 
Cempliit. Tn« oteuly «j o larj* »ak cavirid lit* wltfi «tl city <«Win1- eneei tucltfd ini natural 9*1 «»« 

" * «v«d i twit cfln ke viuri 

 can kt kiu«ht ti 
:iiy ftrms ef 1o Mr ctut 4«wn. .. 

WALLACE ROGERS A SONS ... 

1MN N.W. MIEHflrv *• 
OR CALL . <n-l»4t f«r 
1 n ttjrmfltttn 

: 1o ACRES NORITH 
Oti lop of -mountain. Vfcw for mthrs. 
On paved rootf. A 

Obtain HUD property report from developer ond read II before *!g[Wna anything. HUD neMher approves the nterits of the ollerlng nor Ihe value- ot (Ho prcperty os an U.«ilment, II 

Al Jacobson Realty 

2o*1 N. MAIM mwit-;n-nji 

Ml.tVtlll A If A 

RIVERFRONT 

Stauliful Cypitis Irces on tKii livcilront lot. Pond rood, REA power, phont, cash prke Sf,ooo or owner finonted wllh SIOO down, 15 ytois on baloitte ot 
S43.26 per mo. t'/i'/o onnuol perunlagenile. lake Stale Hwy. !S (IcnJeio 
Rd.) 4 miles norlhweil of 
Meil(iwJ»osti)FM2!o7tKeiiS 

• mB«swestlo: 
Rio Medina Ranch 

Covtrcd »ilh bwutilgl <xn lr«n. 5 lpulei la Mtw Brouateli w Ccnyw 

-v""er 

ACREAGE TRACTS 

Small down. Owner financed. Imwe- dtote-pcweiltoo. C«iUt Lcke Ranch, 
- 

REPOSSESSIONS 

Excellent re<«, A«ume ne 6 ty rntklnl u» Hck pov. eneflis. // 

(95-3594 

In Texas Hill Country 

1o-Mer » ACRES, S7» per Acre, 
Near Leakey, Tewrs, ond G a r n e r 
Po<-k. Very scenic.mountains, trees, ond deer. Call 517-552-5513 oiler spm or.J weekends. 
<i FT. x as wrse wekorr igs. McCoy^ 
JEVIHE. 3 bedreom, a both hon-.e vilh 2 cor oarage, cenlraf rtcot and iir, across the street trtxr Ihe ooll course. Ass«m» or Convtoirooal R nanclna. . 

HUOHES ft WAX E FIELD 

REALTORS 
IH-SW7 
SOUTH 
ML& — 
FJQRTH 

R«X Home-and 5 Acres. Low 

Close In-Prime SHc 

Al the heort o* our clry'i growth 1htr« lies a 2 acre voUey ihwt u covered with 
Oo* Irees. Must sell, w r 

 nwfce price ard termj riom. 

S22.6o75 

ObraTn HUD propefty repcrr frcm developer ami read t before ilonTncj anythlno. 
HUO rwliher oppt-ove-v t^e 

 merlls ot Ihe -offering nor the value of 1M pfopifty as en Inveilmtfit, li &ny. 

9 ACRES RO'&SVILLE deal hwrusile wl.h'beautiful treei 
^RX.B*£$& R,I?^ T o R In 

Geronimo Forest 

Subdivision 

Cowlry 
'Ith cll</ cenvenler.ee 
- y cnYener.ee 
One ac/« pfesllse homtsllej. Reo 

 ss. ?4!ssy. 
Bai£s thwMt 

Jlrirjham Real Estate 
Under Constructfoin 

On a c r ea a e. 3 bed- rcomi, 5 bfltfti, 4 b*d- rtw.ns, IVt bclht. Brltk and rock. Sunken lam! ly r o o m . Buy new, 
(heOKI own colors. Fi- nancing and varrely of p<on» ovoJla 

Don S'mffh Co. 698-244o 

5 ACRES NORTH 

!S n'S.hlWy'* " °ff""- 

RAY WOOD 

414 SIM, tn-t)» KWIk nt< eVJS. 

HKJl COL/NfTRY 
I LAN CO, TUX AS 

3 Mdrxmi, 9 boUii, i car goraoe wllh r«1i aJ storage, Modern k'tcAerv olf room* ponVrfd on4 co rp« ' 
Ihruout, Lovily vord-Uix(t5 vnm 
"-den ipof. Leli &f pecan, h-vtl o-r 

Tfreei. CAM Joe- Kod 1-U3-45M 

O.O.'CAI* KffAL BtTATR 

RKPOSSES»SIONfi 
CKdiiinf r»f*. A»i*m« rwtt 
Ay malrlnf up bvck piv> ftMMs. 

O7-35H 

Jest Nor IN or Town 

Oi/f clly U growinc. 7rn «h ergy crJi s It a by fvoduct cr ttt. peepfe crJfl. TTiui lt>rtd is a tMllcr {nvealment thai ever. An «re ond a half betwevn here oM Con* yon Luk«. 

343-Z2S3 

.Obtain HUO properry report f^om rfcvrioprr and reed It bftiore slonlng anything, 
ItUD r>«llher cpprovts trm morJ Is of ttx- of faring* nor tht vnti>e «[ trie property as en inwcstrtient* If ooy, 

MEDINA RIVER 
. KCARVKU A*IA 

 fijoy iwimmiTig In yow own 

 j swinvn'mg hole or fust toVe it w «oiy orxfrih, iNket trCKt wilS 

 cypren ti«*s. S5o a*own/ 
429 per ma'nrfi. 

IMORY JONES 

Bcaufiful Hilt Country ocres wllfi ISO ft. on (rowing 

 eek. 
Lor^a 1reer» scenic mcun- total. New Comp Wootf. Invest or rellre, coiy lermi, sold and financed 

 owner. Tucker, 73S-2&11; ntghi 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 

BEST LAND BUY 

 in Sculfwcst Uniled States IO ncres or larger. Sloif your lancf purchase with as Clllc* o1 57o depot!*. Call ond let mo loll you about it. • 
- 

| 736-4574 nlt«* 876-3o25 

 jv»r l otre wltti water and cfecfrlc' ry on -"Aedfna 
R l«r near Pipe 

Creek. Cairt aricount or easy lerms by owner. Rlley or Kasper 4M-IH, or nllet IrMS^UI. 

HOMESITE OR INVESTMENT 

^+ acres wllh hilltop view, moun am icurelsr oaks, on pavea corner 
- growing Heletet Ranch Estates 
Hr eo;_.*?o.£»i.r_a]l Mr. Alomli 

CAPITAL PROfERTJES CO. .. 

IT AC-RES, 6 mlki north Lylle on 
\#y W/ CAodern 3 bedroom homr 
Terms. W.B. AlVlns. »»-O»1 fake up payment! on ^i acre r.orlh- weil for hwne bu'Ktnjf. Woler« city u illlks. Mr. FtEkr. i 
' sw 

4X7» lerrt miblle ond 2 hones en j ocres fenced. WlUi water electrtclly ond seplte. Near Plp« creek 17,ooo cai/i or trade, and ' 

RETIRE TO THE HILL1. JO acres r.ecir UlopJa. Hos large home and o! he conveniences to make yoyr re- 
•"Trtici.'Wjiir 
(ruc- 
£a" 
MI 

WIDE OPEN SPA 

 acre*. Call rowL Trod*. 
Schrobef, S37-3SS7. 

CONDRA REAL EJTATE 

1H.I ocrd rr» NV/ growth pair 

My laeol Icr development or rlo 
Easy terms. Will trade.' Coi 

 ilTCHELL 

 call Covric- c«rner lot, 

6-?o-o?QO 
Veer DivMi 

JACK MITCHEL-L 
^COMPLETE MOUHrAIFTfO^P''* 
Bneiof-a-klrid, over r ocres between 
? MrgB roaches 3oo dear 

AiMOST 2 ACRES 

NO MOtlLCI 

 o» *rtl«r, pavia tlrcit, comer To- 

IIMW 

Helofes Park Blalos 

CMle. hlliroif iltes wim l.rrlll vlor. All fl| FHir.on ocr«. Exclvih re.lflnflaroTO. lleor rfJSEil 
Cell w/ir/ V^ynn «7J-3<ir 

K M M«U<I OK. J ctfll 1 i norlh eur Son PMro. O r - • ' 

 tVTLiT*.'"*7" 

KORTHWtST . 
B/linonA. no.—] KIKII tootiht 
)fiii eoth^ljllllllii, ()e<d«n lol 

SOUfHWeST AWA 
EaK'aj.'fl 
1- 
1** 
1*^ 

ALMOST 2 ACRES 

._ i—many trees. Only HWO per 

;re. M) monthly will buy. 

JERRY »UCHEK 

WOS» 
Atler 7 p.m. M-tni 

WARINA ON IAKE1BJ hUi*. BMF ' Mtetr urvfcr* 

TEXAS BEST BUYS 

1oacres ... SSlOpcrocre 

ZOacres ... $175pcrocr« 

Phis many eufra), 
Ownerwilt finDnce, 

7«MS7« 
(HesMMW 

NM.K 

LAKE LBJ 

74* Waterrrenr KMnesirr. ..,,. 
«!•«» olltrt pm. .: 

.tndol TlrnKrllno crwlet . 3-Vt w!IN enlral air. Jieor, river, hllh, aor- 
IMW ylcvr, near Handera. ?vill jj^«lM?,rIs?5oTS:.s«?^,:. 

Lake OH Waferfront 

•Constanl- level 

Only 85 Miles From SA, 

 ovejy fcrkK Iwme , [osr what you' re locking for, IH' walerlrantT 3 cdreo.-ns, J bolfvs, e«cluslv» seclW 
' ' ol houie wlHi 
--. Cefliocr floei 
Olllce ( 
615) 3IS- 

BOB JONES 

 walerlrcnr ChoTefnTltt, «ntral olK 
Irealace. LBJ. in.ijjj ,, s.»i.£r: 

HAKE TRAVIS 

^""oroij'' "* plr'Wr(f' Fonl« 

I'ToVl''? "'""''^""DC^ 

^^W^LAKtTt 

MOBILE LOT 

1o.ooo sn, II., lake vtew pool, hoot roflio. tliw. $1oo dawn, g^mos. al 111.41. APR l%! 

MEL MILLtlTll/Ult 

; OWalo nup properly r.forl 

Irom develcper and read II oefpre slanlnj ortyHilna. HUD nellner aoorovji me merlls ol Ihe offerlno nw Ihe vol. 

1 " ' 
' as on In- 

•'I 

 wisi yiirt O\VNH 

A Piece of Recrwrtlorwl tondln 

CanycnLakcJflHs 

A liny rule* fo,.IO rwth iflJo'ymirJ. Morlno-Vwlrrimirir) pool. poikl. Howelio<o.»ou(niiuonlM you orxf your ehlHun tho good hcollh Ihcl i KW.OI Irom you, k,U ocMUit' for only 
J 1 9. 2 7 psr mo. Whol will ll coif you 1 o yea ri from now? 

• LOVELY WOODED COTS—SOME WITH VIEWS 

• CLUB FEES ONLY $2.oo MONTHLY 

• PLENTY OF FRESH AI8 AND SUNSHINE 

 rftwc »«d •««>«» 

If* 

ONtr'995 

Coili Price i ........ $995 

Calh Down Payment 
43 

Unpnld Balcmc* of Coih Price, ...... $95o 

Unpaid balanc* It icheduled at 4o monthly payments of tl 9.57 which Includei a Itncmca 
<heirBe.olS3o6.3p at the annual percentage raio.ol 8»S. 
. 
• • r f 

Term prlie after Deferred Payment .:.. J1156.2o 

COME ON OUT TO 

"HEY (HO PODNER" 

PONDER THESE 

' 
PKOPEftTIES 

435 ACRES— Pcrfrarxo RJ. 

36oo fr. Rood franl an fo/m-MojVeMlwy, 1957 

6o ACRES, Medina Rive; 

Irani between CaitroviHe ond Rio Medina, Medina 
C^'ft . . 

1o AClRES, 'GuilboaL- RJ. 

Brick homo, 4 br. — 2 bolh "STOP LOOKING 
START LIVING" 

2o5 ACRES, Culflbra fid. 

29oo ft. Rd. front an FM 
HigWoy.471 

Att 3 I/CKM front on Loon 

. 
16o4 ond Leille Rd. fi'nhway Irani & bock. 

67 Acios Broun Rd. 28oo fl. 

 front on Biaun IIoo (I. fjonl on Le&L'a 

134 acres BraimRd.'a! Go'rr 

Rd. Neodi davalorier.. 

65 Acres FM H«/ 471 ol 

 flaxor St, ir> La Coilu. 

.. MpaVr.a .Co, All uljliliet 
. 
Join property... 

' 
"IHHJIHlNKINSANfJ 
' 

(MVtNOAIM, 474.J1 It' 
•WT inAQIR 7J6.U9D 

MOIFClUUMKI|«)J.rK, 

Real Citato Dlv. 

: 
432-7881 

T.f. SHOCKEY, BROKER 

^ cor/en uve IM. 

Just Dial our 

San Antonio Lino 
679-3571 

Our Office Is Open 

7 Days A Week 

Obtain HUD properly report from Devetopflr ond reocl it before inning anytrrna. HUD neither approve! thn m«iiti of 
Ihe pFfe/'mg nor.lhe value, if any, of iKe property; 

| j i 

1 

 txpw«-N«w«, Sorwdoy, April 13, 1974 - QoMm Twin P»g» 11D 

o/ati and lull, 75 ocr«i In 1 
Ltuffol grasi, X tcnVt, 5 • 
—t, one Fa Cumzo Sondi, . win tun 2oo cow until. Ofd I but toUd 4 bedroom, 2 btiih ! 

, hauift, barns, pern. Doer, • 

 fpjall, [qvolina, wild Kogv, ' coyolos, wojvoi. $275 aero. 
Owner fjftawmrj. 
. • •) 

J fo 14,ooo acres, $225 

I 
$3oo on acre. 
| 
CAU AL OR 9irO OAWAWAY 

1 IdLANDOajl i 
I I RAUCH1S 
> VIMTUMJ I I 

•' 
. 
WARKHOIJSK. 
' 
' 
' 

X5.oooiri.'H.,)2(X>irt. fl. ollkt, JOIl. i cxkfnghilgfJt.ctockr^ir., rai( rood, plenl/ of paiklnr;,. ipitnkler»dr txp<enwcr/ otcej», lo; 
'' leale. 

.:WARHI[(H!Sri " 

21 .ooo iq. (r.,3of» la. (t. olfrtt, do<k Hot.. 2o fl. itaddng h. ra'ifroocl, iprlnklorvd, pwnlyof fwrilnq, good axpreitwoy acctj 

' 
' 

1,ooo »rrt]!«fi Soi.Ucrcoi Km, 2(o 3o3 

 t*n (Of Bfiiy, -34o cirei (MilaL Nr» rj[6 
Sw.ll.J17SO.rxrt. 
. - '....". 

4,ooo .wtti ««•'[ rfm'apiTliii rctd 4J 

• 4.CWO (Ur'e Lcr?9«i Count/ rcSth ta:r^* ir.g 7t» ic»i pJ Ji !*i* h I rd iftiiir. Hi * t i:k bent n pitl wtsqaixtl ing $4?S.a<n.- 
• 

915 AIMS ci LwrpcHi Rivei. C.M<tb3v e 

' 
" 

FINAL CLOSE OUT 

RIVER PQINt ESTATES 

On the Guadolupe Riwrbelow Canyon Doiri. 

: 
DISCOUNTS UP TO 5o% 

*,2 Riverfront lots SI 1,5oo ' 
. 
, 

*: (1o) 1 Acre. lots w Ih acfess to .Guqdalupe River .thru 

 large Park. Storting at $35oo. Wafer system, paved 

 streets. - • ' : ' 
' ' ; ' . ' " ' 
' • • 
."...' 

Caff Royce Brown for appointment 
(512) 964-3422 ... Canyon Lake 

. . . .•. t'ADIvlston of Global Land Corporation!''.' . 

 tDMfTA REAL ESTATE 
" "MACHORNE 
" 

512—752-3347 • 

A complete form and ramh market 
(or Karnii, Wilson, 
Dewltt and Gon- jalei (ountlei. 

PINCH REALTY CO. 

Nl.wi. T.J.DI 

(512) 587-4521 

^, fot 

Nonhweil orco. 2oHb.«r«t — 35c per iq, fl. coih. Zorxid R-3i u 'it ei al ika. 
. 
• 

Mony Dlheit for la e or leole. • 

If ou Buy Or Sell 

!).[!. IIARRKM. CO. 

224 sni vivnw: 

OFFICE BUILDING 

FOR SALE 

12,372 Sq. fl., '/j leased. Renl poys operation expenses, 
Balanca of ipace available for tenant or purchaier. 

. 
• 
*** 

4,5o5 iq. (1..— Prime office tpaca, excellent for Ihe pro- fession man, 31 parking places 

*** 
3,924 iq. fl., lit floor leased, 2nd floor available nev/ building, Northside, plenty ol parking. 
. 
, 

 j 
C«mm«r«l«l 

NOW I.KASING 

.TIIE'ATJaiUM 
SAtf ANTONIO'S 

J1KIB .\.Kr MIDI' '11o 

(IIItttlH[HAW VWZ«A<H t STUCREJT) 

. 1oo lo 35,OOO iq. ft.'of inoce avoilobb. Will bgu'd to suit tenant. • 
! For InfoirnaKon on conifiuctartberMflFi coJI; 

 fl^vl|r24kiu;iftrdcy. 

 ftSffifc 

N*«l !•*•* UMW 

 v»«lori: IWvt tint Him lrocti ci Srfn1' Itr nut. proTrt ond rMCHit rirurn on 

D.8. Harwell Co. 
526-5171 

C«mm«rdal 

OLDER HOME Ori > ACRE 
Bandera Rd Ir.irtfa Loot), potenual. 
P£M7M WATSON * St>ff 71S-*»M 

 farmj and Ran<h»t 

^orirMiad Sanch Listings Wanted 
.o'acres or Jorotr v/Jlhip «5 mites a 
San Antonio. -Wilfe full dilalli am p-rices. E.D. Goia, Realtor. dlS Me 

JJ ACHES in Hid Country, fenced, slock ion* orxl hunting cabin, priced to tell quick. o* 

REALTORS 

MLS 

FOREST OAKS" 
;y Owner. s-2-l, iwma 
5#iYv 11 replace* fenced' 
[PM. 

Da RIO AREA" f rovfd Ranch - 4ooo oer« 

Hill Country 'River -Ranch 

"A Ih- e. "lOC 

GRAND OPEN ING 

RIVERA 

'LeVffe^ river[rim't tali ori Iho beeuliful Guactolypc River. lm/rtcdialc[/' below Conycm Pont. FiiS fbt.Kainbovv Tiouh 

 benealh- bcauftful cypreis and pecon traik Drfvo oul (hit 
•wprAflncJ. Hwy." 3Q6 otCoriyon Dam. \ 

Royce Brown & Assoc. ' . 

:,,' . ':'".H.wBrnuri(=It,Tx.7?13o. J 

S12- 

HriHr-<r* 

964-3422 

HHHr 

- • .-DIMMH COUNTY-'FAKm " 
Grfod 3-2 wjlhyheql" and 'o\r restd'ence'. .2- producing oil wells( cUrui "orchard, bntonce flpldi. 

UtRIQAtifD MMnC-MEWNA CO. :. 

:NTce i«fdehce wilh hecf and, 
Oi'r priced fo'r.tyjic'lt sole. ''..*. \ 

• tei LJonrjetahl Realty ' 

! 
; 734:7oP6 

Abe Carothers 342-o447 

. 
• 
RANCHES 

ID ACRES, Gyada!upe. Co. Grocl 
'A1 dairy fowl. ' ' * •-'- 
III ACREt rn -Bee. Co., tt?5 on oae. 
Good tlnancrno.- 
. • 

MRS. 
BOBBIE ANDERSON, Kcallar 
J7V-2&U ' , . . .. . ' -SEGUU; 

BMut1fu1--"excel/live 
_ milts ol Llano River frontog«. "lOCn ol grafted pecan-trees, fare* modern anch hous^ and - 3 other houses 
Ml film Ing- pool 'orxf ondcr ' qroiKi; cove,-"- Many • sprlr.gs ond runntng 

' t h r o y:g ri property. Aj>prbxl 
, WO'crcrus fn all -Altli nc-arty 
JM:ccrei [n krresal&on. I/ear-Ju'rvc 
' excellcnl bunting. I n v »it o oynitr. Arl 5<Hdon 624-14M 

 g p p r o x - h 

- 

Exc«ircnt i male!/ 1oo deer, -turkey a n d quail. • C 
, xislures, 3-complcle v*o:klng pens. 
Cash or lefrti*. Conlocl-Owntr 
C. N, Mnrjh •- 31T-Z4l-3LX»l 

IM BetfMrd Rd. Oedlord, T«x. 7W31 

Irvlno^lfnTno 

SKSft 

RETREAT NOW! 

Induit/iol Highway 

Comnrdol ub-CJiiilonIilir! • 

36 or 72 Acres 

5o Feot from City finals of ihrV- 

 jng Counly Seal Town on Mojo; 
'irgfiway. 5o M'muEes Soolheail of iari Antonio, 

Qoa'i44 laVei.le, S rrfln. from a'tr- 

 port 

8o -ACRE 

 fNt>Lfc?raiAl TRWCT 

Located In 1he heart of S.W. ton, 
Anton'o'l Labor Pool. Surrounded by new HV/Y. 93 W,. OLD HWY. *> V/. 
AND QAJULAGHAjl ROADS. kleol for fnduttrial fiubdlvls/oo. 62W12I AMY- 
TI/AE. 

* E A L T O R S 

ROSOW-& KUNB 

OFFICE SPACE 
And Ex*cut|vs Suit*! 

Avoilabfo at lu'rpminnly 

 rtotonob\e ratei. On Loop 4tC odfaosnt lo LacktarxJ AFB. 
' 
349-UII Ext. 261 

Commortlal 

Prop.rty (l.Qi 

> acrit. 

Calloway Crews Assoc 

512-266-3781 or 713-75i 2133 

32o ACRES 

Very nke 2 itory 4 becfroom houir. 
' -n'^ierol rtflhls. Solts pr^c W25 
. FJ«rwe fitKUKing. 

26ooACRTTS 

_.. 
Nyec,«* 'River. 
4oo ocres ajlUvnllon; exctirent hunting, .< tmpravemenls. ilis per ocrt. 

LEE R. PETERVl-HI-ZTSf 
Bay 5*1 CchilhJ, Ttx. 7MM 

 hunting,. D.V; 

425-ACR-ES 

 on Llflte IVlo River, Oak covered 
Vcrflcy, W *nlle on RK-er frontoge. 

 rood r*cr L<qV:ev. zn-5$a 

Acres, B a strop county, good ch fond, improveirAnli, BO miles 

 o San AnlonlDj 2S mll« to Av.1fr>, 

1o. ideal for development of collon. Owner flngnce' 

 t of svnd - v*llli rillla 

 only for 5 ywrs. 

'JACK MITCHELL 

 lUfccres foir.t'cityTirnlld ol DevT] 
Has Irfcuakloa tanol-a'/allobJe for opproximalel/ SO ccrev. Also gx< wflSsr we!', sortK -live ock. Excc'lent tor rortchlng, Jarmlna- hamc ?He-or dcvelopmcni. Good terms," O'ftrt^r f!• narvctd. ^IdbO'pCr' CCrC. 
- 
" ' 
CASKEY INVESTMENT 512-37S-»]1 

OQ ACRES, 24 mltei S.E. trf SOT 
Arrtonlo, -hos dc*r and quell, «xctH- ent for pottllx1* ranching, J44S per ncre,j53j.n;j. oflcr t»m. 

KERRVILLE AREA 
OuUtandifvo va^jc' toy-Owner, H 
Qnr«, t\9S down, i99.5o inodH 
Deo-jlitul view, Icrpc ooX ond ^ nut tt(XS, clpie Mi. OllvtV liivtltiT ot.1bvt!d.'n3 silts ,wHh .crtclt, view, 
Or.garden spot. Ingram' .HIIK Of- 
IfM fr» Inofom* ct ."Y".-optfl'. del- 
'Vi ^•M7*^M'2»iJ-Z57-<o3oj*venJnys. ^ l^/TCR^S'coytred7 wi th^boVj" hecr' 

 aa:e, 
. . , - • . • • ! : 
• 
• • 
. . 
- 
:ALL ROY,CHEEK REALTY <ii 

: 
66o ACRES.' 
' 

L'AMPASAS 1RWOH 

Over two mihii'rood /rontccje. Onli 
. y - hlllci from Lampoioi, . .FJow' crcrt; Ihru.jovipn. )4o cicres In, cul 
. . s In, wllh vatiQn balance roltlna Will 
- - 
Oafcs and Cetkiri.- -Neiv mobile <IL... con-^ilctely furni^ed.- Excellent dee hunting. Terms or :taili. Gxiloc 
Owner r 
. 
• 
. 
- 
- 
- 

C N. Man* Q17-2M-3H1 
- 

53o'ptdlord Rd. Dcdiord, Tex. 7*311 

(OR PROJfSUOHAL 

OCCUPAHt- INVESTOR ' " 

«1^ milt ilfitt building el 57o1. od»ray.V(Ri^lidfMtrA,ttS3l!i'». lM, b^i'dtr. A»oiil[8-nfrfilfiii«J3 v 

 yle. Al UJl.l. oc;re:s9l. Fn.-K^w t 

' 
C"Jc, p 
Icbci. 

.. 
. . 

Eknt'Sujeer, tW)l K. i 78752 - 

CUfEBKA, 5 POINTS 

144o9 sq. ft., »rwd convr^r- 
Cal wim fronlago on 1 main 
IhorougMares. 

349-1771 
UA/* 
REAL 

 r -^»---«-^-^ 

N£WLY 

CONSTRUCTED 

 ti. f11'1^ "' f'"1- 

Fr,(,,,b>«| IM I.WH HI llll ill. u 1 1 *itki»litf^t1l-r]jr.. 

344-7883. 
ESTATE 

Commercial Lot 2oo' Front 

BRAND NEW 

NORTHSIDE 

Office-Warehouses .' 

3 Locations 

Bcor.cn Circle, B:oodv/ay arid 
Enters, ond Weidncr Ret. off IH 
o5. 3 bujcfing^ rcad^ 5 more twxfflf coniln.c1ian. 21oo ID 
I 8.ooo iq. fl. avoi'oblo. V/ill cuslom design office space. 
V/i'l icl! or tools. 

Zathry Properties 

696-2522 

. prafeiUonal Invitton Realty 
O. fiox 31Z 
SlItli-liH 

CATTLt FARM 

4M ocrei cE irrigated Oxntal, el eq^rpmenj Included. Owr-er flncnc*. 
Larry Macunc 674 STM, M-3&&. 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

•5 ACRE TRACTS 

 rlo DlflWInq restrlctlcrtj. Low dowi. oyinerjT. Owner financed. Catllt 
-•'- --'--" Ds-Hrfinanced. C 

5-Z3H. Hwy. 16 be- 

9o5-9o9 

2 HOUSES 
- t£«W down tOtai location. Appointment only. 
AS-UM 
(A»S.> 732-4H1 

DOUBLE 
. . ond t^Muly stop, lo m«tfTcal -denial J 

349-1771 
826-7322 

 v 
REAL 
ESTATE 

COMMERCIAL — SALES, LEASE! 
INVESTMENT 
PROPERTIES 

DREYFUS & (COST IU-3137 

SEVERAL GOOD. RANCHES 
' 

Commercial Lot 2oo' Front 

Offica-Warorioyso 

Beacon Circle area. On Noilh- sWe: Ranging from 1188 iq. ft. lo 71o7 «q. fl. Will petition lo 

 wit lenant. 

344-8388 er3*l-4312 

Commerdcl tnv«tn»nt Co. 

RED CARPET 

MQBILE 
'• 

HOMES . 

WIDEST SUEO'IOK ' 
NEW i USED HOMES 

MARK V 

MARSHFIELD 

SKYLINE 

MOBILE HOMES 

225o AUSTIN HWY 

454-2571 

OFFICE-WARErlOUSE COMBO 
1 5oo to 3ooo sq. ft. — olf trie 1 1ooo blk. of 

Perrin-Bcitel Rd. 

^flfft - 6"-2Ta8 

Nprthside 
Office Space 

• CsfcrJn Ki.11 P.lfifiiKrxl E'Jj. 

CusSom dciignecl office ipaco available for immedialo oc. cwpancy, 325 to 68oo sq. fr. 

Zaehry Properties 

696-2522 

''GetABfess/nfl"; 

Sea the Hill Country 

IANCER HOMES in 

Kerrvllla/ Toxat 

RToRabloiMobllo 

SaiOtand Park 

Sundays by cppt. 

, Call (572)257-3331 

1 
"ftf^Sty vvrntd 8 operand" 

OFFICE LEASING 
SUMMIT 
TOWERS 

ATLCXDP41o 

CALLAGHAN RD. 
.. 684-644o 

SEE OUR 

APR/L SHOVVfR 

• OF BARGAINS* 

* VJNTAOE 
* KIBKWOOD 
* IAS BRISAS 
* 5HCR1DAN 
* AQUARIOUS 

Wr orr n factory 

. VINTAGE"PRODUCTS 

RED RIVER 
MOBILE HOMES 

2418 AUSTIN HWY. 

653-o363 

«» sq. o. Office space 
Available. Ccnlral air ond heat, lul f carpcltd, Burglar a'arrti, plenty parking. Qeocon Circle industrial 
Pork. SloraflC ipace avn) lot I e. - Nor in of Loop 41o. 121o. mo. 3«-»M 

CANYON LAKE 

IOT—lorge lol 7i«17o pi-or 

 tola. 112oo with S6o 

, do«n,;S!6:2a pel mo. lor 
- 96 riioi. 8% .nEefe^.; . :ij tOT—Hifiri on hi'J. BeouHfJ 

 view, iwitnxnirtcj pool and boo) romp nearby. $1 4oo. • 
CAPT. E. JONES 

923-6211 

ZQNfED B-3 

3rt7SI- W tn on *5<C4li*flf 'Ctnl 
«eolion::H«Hti pr^l-dM^O.'Ideal 
Joel orf dtollH or *iV>^l oHfcfc ,bw 

CANYON LAKE 

LOT—Urge lol 6ox15o. OoV 

 treei: SI 1oo *llh JoO down, ^M.85-per mo. for 

. -96 moi. 8V. Kileiest. 
LOT—Woletlront lot neor bool 

 rahp and'twimming pool. 
.$32oo. 
• 

• 
... 'CAVLMINOW 

CAPT..E. JONES 

923.62T1' 

RIVER ROOST...JJ AcrM en San 
Marcoi River, 1AM <l of cliwed river frcnloge «llh petoj. '""• £*• 
BRIEL REALTY . MIN9MM. fit- 
o4U or 4*I-33oJ, 

CANYON IAKE 

Walerlro.il Lol'ln Good Sub-Dlvhlpn 
For «4S». Owner \«lll flnoiKC. Many 
Cl!lCr1' 
BlBHE.tTY 

Hwv Xi \a Canycn Clly 
Acr.ll IM Vr««l 'ror» ouodoluf 
River. 1 MdToonu. IVi DoHrt. Vtjlj bj. « = r&r..ol«;3jr^._oi.l^wjo 
Ccnon Loll^ 
I. (LTR t d r o o r ja^i^rarowiriiA-o,, yon Loka Real Eitcl* c«. 11'»-77H 
Y- 
, V-IIMIH. 

Ruillc Ctdcr M o d i f i e d A-Fram* 
Compleloly p o n e I e tl 3-1. Balcony ovtrboklna ConyoT LoVe end Mil 
Ceunlry. ^U-l4»,_lJ«*2n5. 

CREEK FRONT BY OWNER 
K ft. fro.-Mrr-fl.oft a pood crecfc -* vroifrrfoll-^c«K «o take for fiintn bootlna- Fred«rk>»tHKO end Kwr villa vTctnilV-WOO down, «5 per mo 
(512) 2S7-S169 alter 6 ood wcefclflojt 
-A- CANYON MK€ •* 

. 
4JOT 

 ntoullful wooded, loli» view, CIM 

Obtain #IUD privc*rlY report ffon ctewelofifr <wi r»od II before ilfthkv onythlng. HUO Mlther approver «*t merits of tha offtrlrKl nor Wrt voh. of the property as on *nv«f — cny. . 
L'_. 

C c n y • n • Lofci totj, 
Horlh 

 aide, 
Tamwock 
Shores. 
PO' slretls, ulMlltis, i w I m m I n g pflfi beautUul vliw. 3<3^73S. 
OOOB bUVrWtmbertWp iri 
C*o/k Sprlngi. "Save HOOO t-Y < 

1 oiler 6. 

Uli 

AiAMO -Ke{Gm]5iei: 

OWNER 7M.Ji21 

•<n»Tirri!'(ri«ll»« .n ook Hill 

• c«url<, MJ-HJ** 
- 

CroT«~lifrittXIW.' /gvid Hf«j cii7woiir. LWi. W.^fn- » moqM» ML. W«l.*»M?T«;a>jii 

8o ACRES f LORESVILLE 

^ CctYfle Oaks wolcr, clcclrfc, erff."" 

JOHN MCCAU.' 
- j .1M>2oo7 

 fW.7"ACRES,"Calt-« fioncti. _ _ t, 

COynly, good born/ J'sctS ot-vti-orkrYin «, p*nr,' 3. lortks. oppfCxWioltlj1.. 4w A icres, I m p r o v e d p^mut-er HxM) 

 iached.;. GafKJI- feoeas, olrslr-p,' dici 

>ir sell or. trade equity* (cr medl 

_ laVe property or boot rig. "" 
AO olltr <f.-n. 
. 

'Bfrtmllful «r* hom«slla wllh trees xl more Ireei, Woh* vJevVy. 
ALfH ARMiTRQflO CO. *M 

ImlUd numctr al.laroc beoutllu 
•id hemilLlet Itit wUMa wcLklng lltaixi lo UTSA. Com* ant tiday and savt ot eur c.att'Our prlc«t. Fl dicing crtodoort. IH 1o and FM 
ML, till 1 milts 4»-lS4). 

CANYON 1 

3 bedroom 1 bath home wllh fire- pkK«, Very ictnlc v^cw. 4ij<5oof 
*^ 
CALl -* — 

. 
PLEASE/ 
/vG E N T S 

South Texas Rcncfecs 

4o-3,7oo Acr«, water, grcsi, fcns*d and croit-fertccdj From il(S per 
'•—*. Seme with WinwalJ. . Jtvr« 

4 mile 544- ACRES 

'. soutni Of Loop 41o. 1 rVlll i*H-a1l or. 1o ocri 
CONNALLY 
REAL .ESTATE 

:Want Acreage .ffllhln 3o 

 mllw of clly for Trweslers. 

DOl/CHAS ANDERfSON 

Avc. Hcor Seocon Orde. PrU- twtfn«ii *<porale tlvtng quar- 

 ters. Astume low HnleraT rwle, good 

 polenUri. 674-5334. 

. with « mJJes-wcst o( Son ATlTonro- 
M«ti!ni Cojnty-Rollwig Qak covered hiiu-ifcij of aa 
-- - 

 roocfie;. «SS'r- dov/n. Fcr InfDfmollan call 'Mo.^day 
. 

11-88J-HM Gary 

51* ACRES7. ftlpblc m. nu....ii. ^ creeks wllti-old--pecan trees," Vi -m\n- era', dec'. 1urt,cy, ond Htn. Twms. 
&55o per acr«/ «5.QCO down, Inlcrctt dnly f»' 1o yearj. Call--" 
' 
CARPENTER RtAL ESTATE 

543 Acrei'Coldwetl CcuVty 

Meor LvKng. Tilt heuie. Ion It. 

CMotf vrelf. Drcr Quail. 

1M ocrer ol Prlmt farm land, hun • nfl Tusltc, railing, walcr well. York- eel Eital*. HIS per 

 or S«-1?7S OT 

11 W N Main 
Jim ell on, Tx 

. (91SJ ^«r-3l3i or 44&.2K9 

:2 RANCH-gpECFAlS'. 

RARE BOY^-BY OWNER 
«M Acr«-Neor-. Ulonta. GOTQWUI tticmnla!ns, vlcwg, ond 'sprlngi; en- 'w« ^^ inwtji-jntlrp;, |rt l-mc snle MU g»M« 
"dawn; 2o " 

'65 ACR.=S i lulttwallon. 
; form Lood, 1*1 
._. _jn //iQrcoi, hen 

PionfGSlDn- Hvxne, barns, pent, -27 acre take, cod i mile «[ Hwy. frorv 
|QB*, Hlafi Interne - Potenltal. Call 
Dovld —^—- 

AUSTIN HIGHWAY 
Large 6ox24o M vrilh building fhot con bo rc< nrtod«,ea or torn <5own, 
V^JOO. NilCS, 655-SW2. 

ANYTIME 

1ooXTSO lal W Wock off PIcoMnlwi 
Rd. 167' on Pan Am ot V/. Haikxi. 
J'A ocr« oo lei-South. 7244U&, 537- 

, 
Hlafi 
Phillilip. 735-MS?, tH-] 

HICK REALTY 

Only . . 

 principal* orvly. 
HM Acre — Nwr Kerry 11 re. Hew 
LW.OOO A fcOfne-lodge-tiuntori ailrj- twlf 22oo' t!ev.; 4oooT"strip", ? riqhis, 
H..7W fcr.c*. SeclixJcii prlve 

H Acrti en Son Anlonle RWir near 
Rurvge. Oltf house, bom ond wlr.d- fti\\r, Vi In large 1rc*t, W In o OQ* 
5o% down, owner finance. Ccril 512- 

HERRO REALTY 

— / liKCk bar ond grocery itar builntii. P»uj S bcdroon^ home ol 
[ached. Fully clipped. Just 137,5oo 
Dwy Itrmi. 
S31-51S1 
BOB D« PAOLO 
3*H-XH 

TQ ml. 71 
IT* ml. acre. j&. 

,_JI1c). A ml, to 1-1o. <5P> 664J165 or 2^7-37^3 or ^7-7447. 
35 ACRES West ot Kcolccy. TCxat wllli 1132S-down and monthly pay- ments or 397. Joint • kxgc rar.cn* bco-jllful Irctsocceji 

UPPER SABINAL CANYON 

3oo-Ac. iMitrnprovcdl llveoak country 

J.K. 
LEifiHTON, REALTOR - 

'emdenpool, Tex. 
S17-WWWOO 

 iAK VlLuAQE NORTH-ONLY 14,7M lmo»l on ocr«, e>illc«. *-'- '" 
U) RAY TEAL m-Q»» llet. OakJ, 

OT LN COOL CREST*- OoX TfMS, 
11 er trade equity for Medina Uafce oc*rly or boot riff. J]<-I26o alter 

HILL COUNTRY 

135 acrct-wilh p e r m a n e n t creek 
(Laying IhrtuqS.. Good life (or lake and noire-. H«V 16 near Medina, 
Good let mi wllh owrvcr rnar.clng, 

 mcnT. 

JACK JACKSON 

PO Box 131 M*d!na, Texas 7*$1S 

PhQaejAlil5j»-HJr__J 

BEAUTIFUL HOMESkTES 
NEAR KEHRV1LLE 
Country living at its be$i,~5 acres. 
'"-'•-'•"'•"- clectrkHy/ pqv«d 

 ny <Wvt to 
:• country Komctlte. Ml; _ . 

 own. Ml South and 191 Sw-'tti/ 92<> 
114, 73I-2AM. W2-WS2 

HYATT SBAt ESTATE 

Faimt unrf Kanihei 

WANT l*asr lor ca11lo farm.r.fi 
>os!re locallon wilMn 3o mlnulek o on Antonio, 344-WS4. 

FAR;.SS-RANCHES 
. 

UNIVERSAL REALTY 
AC iH-tSMr'Ai/pllei «B:a7« 

<o ocrn, 3o la 35 mil ai, two Icnki, pens, 
S318S5I. 

 tJQERKE RANCH REALTY 
RANCHES A'SPECIAUfY 
CLIFF LEWIS, REAL!OR 
' 

Fhcrt« 2^1M1 or CA1-TI71. 

EDWARDS RANCH REALTY . 

Duf your fa ad from Uve na1lv*j. 

- p i p e Crttk, Tif. *?J-lW . _ 

TOO Aer« Tracti-by KeirvUtt'c 

Trecs-vle^-deer-aMO'i ctev.- «5o ci icrnM. (M2> IJ&-2H5 or 25T-7«2 

Wolfr roodj, 
, 

 tlotaiKC al : 
Ifor,! 

«'&> 

; month. Creek 

471 ACRES 
Hill country wllh veer found running creek, view* --galore, 7 spring-fed ran Vs.. 1,2 ml lei hi way / r o n t a g e. 
"\nnlajred ranch Owner very i— 
;us o-id wJj ccnilder aN'otfefs". 
JlTTLochorx* ft Aliac, 5I11M- 

K 

 trocti available." Office 5'ml'ei of Kerrville OT Hwy 16. Open 

 tfally. "Alter 4!3o caU 1-IM-3461.- 
13o Acres Irrigated Rancti 
3 bedroom home, Irrigation Ccnlto wcHI. 42 core* irt • Coostol, Groin tonVi, lol* of olher bulling*. If vou iko beouly. Inquire atx:ot rrj*, OvVn- 

THE BIST 

WEST TEXAS RANCH 

8,1 IX acres, oak tradi, 

 metquito Ireet, iupeib turf, 
)rais/feflcftd ond crosi fenced, veti woleratfj Idrge iprfno, many 
<*ecr, largo flocks of lurkey, 
L^bla'J, whJ|fl & blitfl quol, A huflh two itocy Vtcloricxi homo with control heat & oir.'A mar- vel out place, foreman's hauie, xirn*, pcni 6V weroWng ict^ei. 
This it areol excepliofiat p^ace al 

 w market piko at $225 an 

. , . « . iqannawaui 
LANDCO.JI 

MAMCHIt • VEHTURH 

ADIHAt. RIVER HEADQUARTEKS 
M 
ACRES, two dams, bcoulKul 

 icrr.e rooking avt over waleo urt'que 
CtUnn In hilt countryj (rood hvnrlrg, 
^iBnclno Ort]liable. -Call -or write 
Metk-Svtonj 
3173- Sidney 
Baker, 

CtrrvUk, 7£«*. AC 512-257-8UO, • 
:a r m-R a nch-1oQ acres, 
Lovoca 

County. Near Alollon. Less than loc mNes from 6<m Anlcnlo. Nice 3 bod' com home-, e«d!cnt posture, coasl- 
' and nollve qrosi, 2 becullM 

 vi trcrs.-fciM per cere caili. 

CASKEV mVESTiMCNT 
31MHJ- 

OLO «OU$H ON RIVER 

Two 
11 cry rack rvtor Medina, 

 room* and 2 baths/ W- «ti:noi. Hi r>J(K*, bay w . r . 6 o w i - full vrk fwrch. Good watlfr orchard, Tt < po/oo*, vffl'kihop. lYA ncr(i' t fwe«n HirYf Id ooct'12oo ft of dftp rlvfr. Cypreti urti ond cxrmorttn ipflftfl. OiV'nir llnflrKld. 

JACK JACK1oN 

KK> PRIO RANCH 
I AORC5, 6 do ml, frontof* on J 
,. ..iwoyfc ATrstrtn, jor(t«• hovM, b*- isc&aii*^^ °° rft* * 
Iflle 

4,1oo ACUdS, rjS ml. kcll o4 n 
Werlh. l;XCill«M d«r luntlno. tlOO nir «rf. RURAL REALTY. Ocraon, 
T«x. W», cell •iy-tf3-««. 

"jivtrTTotQuTiful f 

, . TOM), lorcw oak trees end p«t- 

 ook frees. Flnopglnfl . cMJlloble. 51S- j;-i^33f Of\ytin;c.- 
_ 

•with confidence [n lend & People1 
. • We'll tH'p you buy or sell 
HORN REALTY, 344-4416 AnyHme 
" if8oACRES'^" 
South writ Rcxor etvjnly-j 4 miles norlh 
3( Ly>'c. Lcng Ironlago on paved oad. il?oo per acre,.25% caiTi, txil ax^ over to years otTViti Intereit, 
1'eacock Realtors 824-o511 

 a u l Ifufffill Country Lor.tf, 

 acres/ 7 wells, 2 loaki, drcr ai crkey, laroy OoV; frees- a -id fHjjloc- rees. 2 m'.les Alosoo, Tcxni. SIS 

Don Smith to. 698-244o 

MMis: 
4»2 -f«l, IH--I24S 

239 Acres-Close In 

VVtater, ertxtrlclly, hunting orvd !lih 
'~~ 
"per ocrt. call 626-2924 

- 
Glinf Leake Co. 

C.H. WAUL REALTY flood iilicllan farmt-ronachis 

* TTjl W. CQL-rt St. r Snujln.jreif 

Neor.LaVernla, 4.1 atr«$,*i)l?s, av 

24o ACRES 

Well Improved, ncor Object, lovel 
} b«droom. 7 bolh wtlli d(rt ood f.'i- pl<KC. JERRY nACON, KliALTOR 
(I) "?-*".«?:»»*•___ 
^__^ 

"KSRHnsVwlLSON COUNTY 

BY CM^ner. 3o to 4o ocr» on pavti rood. Droutirul ll^o oo* Ircqi, ilKk lor.k), v^ell, wme hofrrt. toll 
—-JMI, P. o. DUX 
Te*. 7t«l. 

"*aOAb'Ku p B COUNT Y 
' y STOCK FARrjl 

Acriil. 

 ond invlllminl proplrllet. 
Will dlicuil vrllh qupllllid buv'n. Co'l iU-IIII. 
Kit LAND^AND_eATTLn,_CO._ tiflvV tuyirl Tof Tffrp*"rMVJ "irniQil 

.•oncr.«i. l-'or rau of>o dtp^ndqbl* 
Mrvlc* corrfact uv 

Strbiler Realty Inc. 

FjMcsvlIKi, TexAs 

1 "393-2584 

J Acrti 1 ? Larfl* iro.-rvei .nv 
Qywftril AH Et«clrlef Ch4lc« Pai 
Ivful fries To Sill I Call MtHiiton 
31l4rtlJll 

ONE NOriYlVpLACR * 
A- 

•7-7. < 
N f t l h ftwn ww 
4JO-1HI 
_T^ 
-- 

' 46 ACRES NOF?TH 

Mori ar Ecu. 19% down. 

O.G. GALE .REAL ESTATE 
. call Mr. Soard oiler 7:3o fr\i 

 lonleril IfTlrtfj ar-.d.flsli arc you 
"jag wo have 15o Ideal -acres Mill 
'iueccs river fron1 ope. Town an. jou n I ry 
Reol tfutciie, 
Corri/i 

Sprlnos, Texoi, 7BS34. 

Phana: flU) I71-S1S1 

USTOH~RANClT~HiEALfY 

WE KMOW THE HlUt COUNTRY 

'DOERMg, .TEXAS (512) 7^216 

Forms phd Ranches ] 

• .lor Rent 

NORTHWEST 

59 ACRES on' Prue Rd. 
Covered Wtlh Ireci. beautiful topoflrcphy for luo-division. 
$33ooperocre. 

. 
E. CENTRAL 

82ACfleSFo»1erRd.ondSt. 
Hcdwi'g. Quick accost fo 41o and HMO. Excellent for rtfjidortlfal or commerctot, 
$29oo per acrol 

BEALTOR5-ML5 

341-9166 

A&SZ. 

HYATT REAL ESTATE 

Frei.Hai-.dina buildi 
15oo i ha w r oom, 
..,. 
, 

Call 3414U1. 

 dins, 6,ooo .sq.ft., i, 1SOO oiMce, 27C 

 wntted i ar«o 

OFFICE /SERVICE 
. 
SHOWROOM 

NORTH PLAZA. 

431 ISOM RD. 

94,ooo SQ. FEET 

.. 684-644o 

• Prljr« Lccolhfl on Northside, 
OKkc ipoce for refit, con accomo- dote any site bvilnew, Call Mrs. 
Ad3n»_._/34-73M. 
- 

ONE SPACE ONLY 
SliB availaniB. 1,ooo iq. ft. in modern ccrMcr. Central o:r-Kear. 

6o17Callaghanttd. 

 atLoop41O 

Call 343-1 1o5 Jays, 

696- 7o66 evos. 

BEACON CIRCLE 

On Rhapsody 5o6 

Over 2GOQ sq. (I. eHni tpcte. 
Our 21oo ^. fl. cf itamovn £ wwe^te ipc(«. Eleclraol ow <«td. S htoi-iin, »: I fu» ol or pail, latcrtd 

 b'ig . vyk pot^g, 34|.'B228, 

FOR LEASE 13oo ft. «lr corxUflorttd cffice, fully oorpcted pfm 17oo tt. olr cand'toncd warehouse In Beacon! 
Circle, ErmsT Soblfr Commercial 
Pfopcrl/. 3<?-34W. 

E, Location^ 

... td. f t. of oflkc space, excellent 
N.E. Jocclfoo, 1 btcdc 5. Of Loop 
4iO» ccnveniftit to Airporf, covcrrd parking. &S22 Crc\vn Hill etvd. 8Z4-, 

Off Broadivay near ^1o 
] 

5.QQQ Sq Ft. Ollke-Wt:rchouiio Walk- 
Irvg disior.cti to new Broadway Post 
OHkc. Aho avallobie olllccs from 
UO up. Harry HooXcr 2111 MccnU 

SPACE IN NEW BUILDING. 1111 
OKui Front, c«ntrc| fttal opd air tt Will Av«. 
»i-6?fi 

^Professional Bulldmg 

JEFFERSON AREA 
Excellent opportimlty lo enjoy llnan- c.ol ond tax itielter benefits of own- ina your OWIY otike bulldlna. ExtcV 
'"it condition Inside- ar>d out. Sloble 
. ig term 1encn1j; -SultcfcJc for <!oc- ton, denllsls. altrooe/. accounta.tli, 
?l«i ^^ynoJ^SJOOO^ owner 

Loop 11o at Bandcra ltd. 

21 elections from 112 II. to Oi2 ft. s u i t a b l e fcr cilice, storei, wore* houie. IJgfit mcrtvlaciurlno or ccmbV- 

. 

W.B. KtEF 
824-1453 

JRcafy 

C h o i c e connr.crcict propcrllK on 
Pal BooVcr. I-JM acre Irocl, Ideal far if tip center. 4.5 acre Irocf, Q;I or par I, ell ullllIJti available. Good tcrmi. Ictcal for Inv-neciralc clevelep- mcnt or Investment. 

L; H. "Larry" Schcndcl,. 

KKALTOU 

A- IDEAL FOR Apartment* ^ 

By Ft. 5om. 3o-35o iq. fl. lo^T (< opts., 13S 
1 x: ISO1. HID rj. Carifin. 

 rj;5CO total. Tormi <f ddCnxl. Own- r llrtonced. Broken welcome. 237- 
151. 

:<>&gK=x=x=x=-=x3<a 

OPPORTUNITY 

Irt b'Jiy Geccon Circle. 5XXX) iq. ft. bldfl., aniwir service. 
5«i[ CM or bolh. 

343-1771 
224-73o3 

INVESTORS 

 income propeily. Fdt/ toaied with eifellent tor.anTi. Norlh- 
'" s piimo rocalron. 

W4-838B or 341-&312 
CMiRiiiclal Invitlmiiil Co. 

COMMERCIAL SITE 

Laroe Ul (ro--Ilr>9 on 3 strcelj. SUI- ed for convcfilcfvco sto.T, HrFp <cn- err clio office*. Just OU IH icrtarlh. 
Colt R.Q. Schwarz 733-7111, 734-41o7 nltcs. 
CM. f urr Co. 
NATALIA— IH is Intccchonoe; 1oo, 
4 end B acre tracts. Trlme- ill«ii 17 m.lei south o! MHIfory Drive, all wl!h highwcty fror\lot»«- 
PrJced to 

DOWNTOWN WAREHOUSE AREA 

At IH37 Q-TLi H135, SMJfO 

»7-OJl? WATSON & SON tiM7U 

SIM tier acr*. Town ovJ Country 
Red Cilale, Ccwrlto Spring*, TC-VOJ, 
7883J. 

Phsae: (ilil jTt-Mil 

VERY HOT 4.7 ACRES 
«i' front. D2 retail/ MacoodocV.es id. b e t w e e n Co-nlrwi Dorado & 
LcentKxdl. All or port, llav* been asking 13. per iq.lt. (Viato a strong oiler. Som Jorrt* 836'8ft54 or you. broker. 

. 

RAV/ Ranch Reqlfy, rroun*r.g C 
M2 S,dftc-y. BflrV 

_ 
S t r e e t . Kcrrvlllt. Texas 7BOT8 

{SI3J 7S7'g7|7 
_. 

111 acres 4 mJres west a 
3 houiei 

Drcrvhom. ry with . plui tub 

C. 
SI fin- 
... .. _.. FM 2*W. Iticon division potMlial. Call 
IrccMer -SI-PIJI.. 

 irACRES" 

Coaitcn ofo*'- s«1i«r«d Oaki, 15 n\Ui% SE of San Anlonla. Priced to sell at SW.OOO, Interest only for 2 yeori. S3! 4135 or ' ~ "- 

JitUnxllon prm 11 trt>at on B»pmi-N|Wt CraivH;ij oi itw vH;ij tHt 

 down, nnv'n* L'an buy. aMivii. 

ALUTATfl 

Cfjlml Imp r oy_* rn 
?ii°»At__!_L 
Ufl Mr ocri for 73 ocrti I 
•"li -Oartyoo. <hw of 

 rm« 'by owntr. S«< 
Mil, n"«« l"M5-<tfrl 

K: 

MV1«J 

 iikey, ex- tl 7J.COO. 

552 A'CR'eS 

Irrigated ra'nch In Imp rowed orosscs, fenced mid c/«u fenced, loaJ*np 
P«n. presently leaied fof grotlng. 
One ihut In gas mil. A good twy on 

AXARFAITY 

1MOJJK LOOP 41o 
•?*•*)*) 

71J> eerei RAVcKLAND SoVlKitiil of K c n e d y . Good fencei, water, unir barn, 7o% txxn cou.-ilry.1 No nlncrai*. CASH. OATMAN OREEII. 
:si»_iu-M(i, ni-TOA 
R!fiGATEf5"~R~a»vJi, nroullf 
:ooii- • —-• ••—- nwlhir tO V.D. 
V.IM<IB 
;rou. liso.ocx). 

73.4 nr 

 nenr 
1)M 
)1J8«- 

DY OVfNQft ur«i ol rolH.-.g OoV ccu-\1ry 
Juhcll&n, Tain" rrlr* 1?,]oo 

 ir $>o M wr n'onlh. C 
:. Att*r 4-3o call il^-I 

Top Strip Center 

 error), lop [ealos. Goad coih ftow 
—.ooo.Al Jn cob son ItfMlty 

IN. MAIN 
71JI4U-7Mf4J 

19CX) Block Probandt 

I bfauHfy] ocris WHFt i»' on S-* 
River. A tiw blackt from E*pr*n woy ond center of lown. Zontd "J" cammtrckL Will net divide. (1LSOO p*r ocri, Yorj eon'I beat this) 
CARLOS SANCH13Z, Agent 

. 222-1o92 

54 acrtfc on 
Dobcoek road. Nev 

 r 
1 wiiml, walert itvi-atw, CQI. On* 

...Je FrotiV UTSA. Cort or trad* for tQulty CTJXI asiunw r>ol«i. Rllty or 

INCOME PROPERTY rental unlli CuFttird Rd. area lorn 

_1*n4 Vfarlh ask In y prlca. $7X*< d e WH —sil I • f ImMClng balanc* 
~ tal opwrlunlly fw r«lir«d person 

( Or DON Mel""" 

6M-5311 

. 
. o»rrrer, O\t4Xt, 

 no or 
DI2.71 

SERVtCE CENTER 

Beacon Circle 

 prexlrna'tly 
73% alr-condiHerwfl 

 ofuct sfactt 1S% warehouio. Tfilol over 5,ooo ig, 11. ayaiieart. 
Aha top location, HM wj. ft. nccr 
SAC, Call Mr. Jock «1A-HM. 

ROHDE A CO. REALTORS 

DIJON PLAZATHEW 

RETAIL AND OFFJCE SPACE 

7 JO I BROADWAY — I24-&JOI 

413!) Gardcadalc 

(OFF IH 1o AMD WURZSA.CH) 

 rurtt* Creek Golf Coirrs* «rccf. un- cencnted end brand new evirlBok* no lh« cr«*n, ^irr.lberihlp m Tur. 
!• CreiK Coanlry Club U avaiJabit 
9 ail Haoafi, 
KOUDE & CO. HEALTORS 

696-5311 ANYTIME 

North Crown BullcUng 

SUITE OF OFFICfiS ,.. 

11X3 iq. ft. with carpiT and cfropft t Ceoktop Re4rlBeralDT Sink 

OFFICES START *ti 

Carpet, U 1 1 1 1 1 1 e s, paid. AH stiei available. Reccpllool&t to a n s % v e i ihcrvc wWlc v°u'ro cut. tl. cf 41o ol ioo Pedro. <7J-3tQQ, 34M153. 

N8// MOD'ERN 

SKOPPJNO CENTER 

Now Jwing c=t 25oo blk. of W«t 
Avt,, 1 blk. Norm ol 1K!o. Com- ilelely a^r condiFlorvecTr will (Jnlirt to 
_ull lennont. For more nlfornratio call JacX ChorJM 723-I7W. 
EA!SfT-OFF S-AN PEOto 
3 new all ma i wiry warflhc cll!«v AJ» end 4oM iq. (t. warehcuiis and 
. 

Sta-33Jl 

. 
IJAf 
•TlHl* 

NOW BUILDING 

Willow Springs Iml. Park 

»«o to 21,5Xsg.ll. available 

Pciicock Heallors 824-o411 
[665 
S«T 
FT O(rk«s. ~v*ir«rKMIi 

 cnccd In slorooe >ord, Ncrlhwes 

ESTATE 
WAREHOUSE SPACE 

Available Now 

.9oo re 4o,oo4 sq. ft. oH oretrt of clljr. Some vdtti roll. For your uarc- htmso o.m spart r>«ds, cBaimerclt.! 
Ipact ond builniii lolt. Call UE 111. 
ROHDii & CO. REAI-TOUS 

636-531! ANYTIME 

WAREHOUSE 

Aporox. J3M iri. n. ol or 
^arehcnjie. And oolornlng I ot. Ail zw.ei commercial. carry yrl!h SS.COO down, sparrow. 7U-3/lf 

VACANT BY OWNtR 
IH tq.tr. W a r t h o u t t , plus 1»o rt.tr. air, heat. ccrp*[ed oHlcei. 
J4SO. Mil Aero St. 
DU 1141, o12-OOM 

• ond 

155 X $'. 

31. O\SYI«- 
CaU Earl 

41o Jackson Keller 

 ideal for oFHce, llmMed retail. See thlt big rock home wilr, room lo ** x:nd. Hlci^ty tuccenful l o c a t i o n 

PS DeLaGARZA 34<-a341, 6M-K: 
BOB JONES 

BANDlrRA 'ROAD 

27 Acres Aparlmenl, U acr«s r*fa1 all giritlei. Hot arc-tr. 874-o121 AN\ 
TIME. 

 r\a->lt»sow-' 
^ R E A L T O R S 

ROSOW & KlINB 

INDUSTRIAL 

UOIIDE St CO. 

 if ZONED B2 if 

2oooo i<i 'I ol QrounJ. ideal locollon 
' ir nrvlrr.enls or . tlrfp <:«nl*r. 

 ftir ri. inm llouttoi fro^l floor. i Iced rk^T. Conlncl L.M. Co?e 
HH1J nlfci BW »3S1 

 up. 

-o2« 

OR SALE: 1772 U<W. 2 MUroOm 1 

 twin Town ar.d C a u n l r y MoMe 

Aitume 

Con 

OFFICE SPACE 

I. Rrcrmn'i Fur.d D!dg. 433S H^^ 
Loop 
413 Convenient fa Medical 

Jcnler end Wonderlard 34l-e2<8 

HEDRICK DLDC DOWNTOWN 
Olllco *p6co HO up. Air coodilloned 
N. St. Mary's al Martin. J.S. Mc- 
JKl, Mcr. iZi-Mt. 

 ek< Over poymenti* VJ.Granrfv.lle, 
11o nxmthly, U"«, 3 bedroom lYi olh, central oTr. tvcat, woshtr j^ycr^l-JSSS, WI-JS33 otter 13, 

'TOP PRICES PAID 

FOR USED MOBILE HOMES 

MISSION MOBILB HOMES 
IMS AUSTiN HWY. 
IH-31U 

WILL tell yeur Motile Home o.-) 

.oflitgnment, Caih for *qultl«i. 
:oit fesujj l^Mr. MI1c». 9iJJJ31. 
' 

 m'GRANDVlLLE 13x4o. O w n e r ranjlerred. Muit sell. ToXe aver parmcnU. 6«-W5. 

O»~ICtr>WAREKOUSEr n 6 O r Old 

Sen FratKlsco SlccXhouse, opprox 

 nampian, a*!-*.1?* 

FOR LEASE 
..., Ideal for denlltr. Central heal air. Parkin p. OnVy ilM. 
HMS» TURNER_REALTY «H4l! 

 i3Uiq.it. I'MW SAN PEDRO"" io» 5oo sq. ft. heat and air, wllh 

75o tq.fr. itoropo. «5o. 614-$" 

 te lo Hiilivft 1«1 a bdrm. Pcuk- rcaa. Wall to \voll carpet, waiher, 
- -r, dlsh«roiher. Crvcner furn., <73- ottcr A. 

 fi'RANO NEW 

Eicfuslvc Olllce Sixioe. Exposure lo 
^.W. 4-Oop 41o, carper, drcpes, utlll lies, partHIonKl to your IM^ds. Col 
Ice bar. select yoyr space today. 

Beth Crnno & Assoc. 

341.1111 
RBBllor 
341-UH 

Northsldc 

Office-Warehouse 

5oo5 sq. tt. 

1oo% olr conn I llo ne<(. 3 phase electric ty. ready [or Immediate occunoncv, 

David Lewis 656:2522 

 ig NJ 
Son - 

I.KO sq.ll. frea sla-idlng bulldog, 
Qeaco — - 
- - - " v 
~ ' 

 ilSOO' 
WO' ware ho jit. For 
Ml-OMI 

C U S T O M OFFICE SPACE S««e a^Mllabta WO sq. U., 6oo vi. tKr KX> sq. II. Immed.ate occupancy. 7)1 
Brood*ov. "" ""* 
Northside Office Space- 
Oe a PERSON In a 12 ofllee bull if 
Ingl And nci a NUMBER al In It-.i tarc-« Olllce «mp!ex«1 L«ncj IMIJ not required I immedlole occupcncy 
~l«ee opert dally. 
No f-lW, tin 5-114o, fJo 6-S1SO 
No 7-Sm, No 9-SIO. No 11-S9o 

14o7 Jockson Keller 

Mtfce Kinder Proi mdo A7M3M 
65 n N. VAND'IVB? 

2 room olftcc, carpeted. drap«d, ofr ulllllk* poiCr UOi 
ALAA^O liGTS. REALTV l>» 

OFFICE SPXCE~FOR 1.EASE 

442 square feel ot iOc. 272 DulNKM 

 tood, carpeled, (anllor 

? square fe ar ^Vondert 

IITI3 Warl>ekf I 

Dullnets Local I or. al 31» S.VJ. Mill- ory__ Dr. 
2oS' deep 134 
1 f-rcnlaje. 

 rjl!dlrHjj_ Amp!c pofUng. 2JA-o11 
Modf/n 2 roooriville", J2o1. Jnclude; a^llor.al sctvlce ovl ullllllei. A1 carolcl'ed. On HI We brand neor l> 
1o-_7iyi33. 
WAKE HOUSE SPACE 

For Rent, 1*oo *r.fl. Cofltoct. 

Calhoun Eftclrlc Co. Inc. 3»3M$ 

PfuiH, newly deccroted AOO-12oo 
_ i, orly 29c cxr sq. ll. R.L. Stew 

 art, 5UO E 

PKONa fOUK WANT AO-tli-1iW 

 tf"^r"^' 

 fliSsl'iiriM rvouR ••'--"- 

Dn»kl fhll 

., cert tr«cj en W. Corrimlrti 

OH CoJIa^on Rd, 
OnH-u ocra tract en CoHd&ritn dll vf, Cimmirct, 

Both Irdcti iHid 11 ontf 11 inauiTrl ol. prlc« 1W« pir «r«. T«rmi—WH 
MOT divld*. Tnll NW Son Arrlenlo olr.rt greal paltnllal. Alto lh« chia put profllrly In IhU ana. . 

Cnrlos Sanchez, Agent 
_ 
M2-1M2 

53 ACRES 

Fronts IH 35 Accoss Rd 
AbulH SPRR llni, pori<r£)r,H<iry ~IUi,~'i;.MO"~p«r ocr*, «fliy Nrml. 3dm 
'" 
BMta dr ydur brcKr. 

WAlREHOUSE SPACE 

Norm cl Loop 41o olf San Pedro. 
Rom 17*o 1o. II. ro 77SO sq. II. 
Conmicrclnl Investment Co. 

W-UU or HI nil 

INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR 

. 

 nfopmoftoft poiilblf locfiKWna 

 end larrri lo; P.O.Box liJlL 

 ilioblt"/ arji.r__.. .... 

Mlibo, hdoa In ihoojin, c..t.r. toiuidctior, .fM i, w^ ycu o.1 ConmicTclal Invslment Co. 
JJ)M Kl It. Olllco er leMII. 3!4oU7.'*llri on Exi>r«m<«w» cl«Ui;«J od.lpHOrJC r'OUR WANT AD— ja-)M»' 

NORTHSIDE 

Dtoc«n Clrdi area. Cvitom ce, 1MB iq, M. W- 
>i lo «^t tonanl. 
- ipoce, tfiiall war* ho on avail fxetJiarv. tjto month. 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

[ 

Real filalo Sell or 

Ixchong. 

 w« Bey t<fjnrti, Eiioni, NONI 

7«-;il«, Em. TM-JM4 
HAVE CASM BUYERS rar eld«r hom*i and apri., In i>jed repcrn. John 5, ticedl. S29 Gua 
O'do . 321-7o)1. rJl«l 111 falX 

 yovr ecfjlty In 3o mlnuiei If prlCi rlQhl. HUGHES t WAXERELD 

_)!3J 
REALTORS 
K*-iS 

CAST 
MLS 
NORT, 

Real dial* Wanl.d)o 

WILL PAY CASH Icr m\all Koul« need of ripo'n. Call Frar>c<l Con dm. 

CASH FOR cVl hom«s. lolt, CKreo 
313 tltO 
DAY OB__HITC. 
«I'H 

\Vant ro hvy KOUM Of 

 rxcd ef rfpoln. North^kfe. i 

WAtJT~T~o REHT OR 4,eA5ETTo] at Medina Lt*i, for 11'xM MoW 

 on Bipr<ivN4wk cla 

 vou ullltd 

Must Sell 

THIS WEEKEND 

7973 15,6o 3 b.*oai», [from 

 ond r.or}. C.ntr.l 

. elr a^rffwlly fumr.h.d. f44oOC.ll,. 
'. 

«4.o6?4.Dor<"-Nlj|,t.. 

"J Mt*ody, Huso, fxirc 
. »;.7»1 or 1o3-3o59 
REPO-14WIDE 

 bedroom, bfllonc* »S5». Never vtd in. will deliver. Bonk Fircone,- 

TAKE UP NOTES! 

 r3 KIRKWOOD 12xoo, air coocU- or.ed, (urn^.ed. Like ncwt wHU 

 sWirer. Pov tax ft IKenie ond ct- 

1 13xfi5 
1 uxufloui t/ f urnJ i htd.^2 cd r o o m s with klnp-slie bctfj, Z 
Mth. Bar, central olr-r.cot. Skirled. 

Mxl3 AtoW^ Home, 2 bedroom, 1 
»lfi. Attract]vo front kMchen. Full/ furnished. S64?s, Bncmclng available. 
Ca!L*'_*?wj« 
. 
- iSSS?!^11-o^"^1"- 

TRAILER LOANS 

We (inofico deofi between Ind vtdu- 
Olj OLENN FOSTER INC. W-9311 

1P7CM BEORCKVA Ux45 

REDUCED Exlfi Porlcblft Oul[d noi* nis, dettvered, HI-61BI. 

UNFURNISHED 

I bfdroom «??o. Dalctncc WHI Dellv- 

" \vifrXEND~ SP E CI All 

 ford to flr.tf-«x4o' A^cblle Home. 
Good corn. MJJ?3I 

SirE TO BELTEVEl 

?J MODEL Mxl2, 2 bedroom, 1 alh wltTt air, tolo] el-clrtc Hilly urtMihed 1O5o. Call 
?X6o Mm-tot t 3 bedroom lV*i ta\h 

 central air ond heal. Extra clean orvd well built. Must s» lo beJIeve. 

^- BY OWNER if 

Pcce.TOker, S'xM', ok, heat, osVI 
11S9S, Weolly ,oco!fd, ren* 
" 

 mo. 8K-313/. 

. 

 hig 

<J 5o 

RENTAL PURCHASE! 

 bedroom Imnlt^cd $44. MB, 
MS«» 

,«3 I!X». ccnlral alr-rinX. torprt. 

ASSUME KMT'S 

13x57 2 bedroom, like new, 11 SO 
Down & CIJL..-T* w. MO. thru Pan 
Am Bank. A55-9J99 
MUST SACRIFICE 13 K «, QUALL 
TV aullt mobile haute, 3 bedroflm, 
' ilh. oi^ tieot, o;>plloncei. «8-3tSA 
Hx7B '73 SHELMAR, 3-3, control ff&^faS"o8"1' 
B«» anflbr«' ^- 

R 
A 
N 
C 
H 
E 
S 
' 
. ACRES, Gu4dQlL>p4 Co, crod« 

'A' dclry Harm, 
411 ACRES in Bea Co., W?5 on ocr«. 
Good f,no.~clna, 
MRS. BOBOI£ ANDERSON, B Hi If or 
~KM 
SCtHJIU 

Rcdroom Mobile Homo 

7I«1', 2 bolh-rully lunitihed. Gofd 

Early American Decor 
73*14 J bedroom. 7 dtcoralor t/olKi. 
Corpeted IhrouQT'Oul. Eyelev«l Ov*i. 
Fvliy (urn!ih*d. priced rlcbt. J'-i^S. 
Call JAM 4SMA9I 

197J Wavs-cfr, 14x51, ^-1, <as(Hl<d living ro&m- 1 bidroerpr furnished 
•jrceot tedi, ll^OOQTU window ofr con-Hltoncr, 7x1o itoretgt sh«4, pick- tl ferxe. H^og.JJj-A?7J 

FREE CQUITYI 

ITtSl ) 
>M full bo'anc 

1! both. FUly r,i(h«l. t, <fi*< 

. b«r«m, both. FUly cartafxt. All fur- 

**>- Wll FlneuKi. 

Mliti a-i fi»riuNr« 

 rA/» rt *trt vau «** 

Oet*1IUd •«. 

12D 

MOBILE HOMES 

MOBILE HOME LOCATOR 

'SPRINGFIHD MANOR' 

MOBILE HOME PARK 

Just Easf of FI. Sam '. 

6 minutes to Randolph 

1 
661-665o 

^NORTHERN" HlttS 

MOBILE HOME PARK; 

For Adults Only 

Menrgamciy al. Janetn Or. 
"iols Are For Sale Only" . 

826-951,1 

LAMPLIGHTER 

-OF SAN ANION1o 

. 

SO SPACES fu ill till »=bi'. 
VTtf J^tQUIMD^r* fl? fl«IUk cl* t»»m, pctltn. TV, til. 
U**Jry, minnr'kt p«aT, f«li>, 

.O, CMViMiiTifopFHig I|W«I| X, 

(131 G 

GERONIMU MOBILE 

.HOME PARK . 

15 milti norTh'of Bgndcia Road on FM Read 471.. 

Appro*. 5i acre fats for saTo 

673.14o1 

"For 
Hornet of Drtfincfjon" 

SEABURY'S 

TOWN & COUNTRY 
1 SOLlIAKi KOllll «o»I5 
' 
Slie» U>52 tluu 14x82 

U5o Austin K«y. 
85<-«*9 

"RED RIVER' 
• 

MOBILE HOMES 
241 & Austin Hwy. 

VfLLA GRANliE' ' 

MOBILE HOME PARK 

South Zqrzomora 

. 

 pnl, il^b hevit, livm [i^rt, pork, 44ft' 

" 

 iJ 
FOOTrilllS i 

MOBILE HOME. RANCH. 

MONIE HOMES 
. 

' ZOHin.fronWamlerknii , 

.LACKLAND PLAZA 

MOBI1E HOME PADKS, INC.-' 
^ I IN PIA2H P.IVE. 
673-622?' 

."JlimmiGO 
674.1366 

#17i»inir. »H. 
«74-o75l 

^4 Ittfl CVinMQKF 
674.?l.71j 

Poalt, Cflbanoi, r«trral'on or^oi ' 

RENTALS 

Aparhtitnl* 

^A 

NOW 
, OPEN! 

Magnificent new apart* ments located on the beautiful Turtle Creek 
Country Club. Complete 
Club facilities including health studio, 18 hole p o t f course, night- lighted 'tennis courts. and Olympic size pool are available to res- idents. 

.(Jniquedeeorator 

 interiors 

• Individual heal and air 

 conditioning 
• 

'Professional 

 management. 
& maintenance 

• Social Activities 

 program i 

» Rentals from 

516o-325 

8916 Data Point Dr, 
696-83oo 

• ; A COMMUNITY; " 
FOR MOBILE HOMES 

• 
1624o San Podro 

'AKH. •. ZKhrtfiipi'tmDeitUfjaen}. 

694-69U 
' 

CARPET 

MOBIlt HOWE SALES 

Hom*i of quality & diiTinHio 

' 

MARK V HOMES 

22SO Auitin H«(. 
656-2571 

^SOUTHPORT 

MOBILE HOMES 

3418 S.W. Military Dr. 

924-4237 

'CARL MILES 

M/SGT. USAf (RET.l 

TOWNE 
OAKS 

Apartment 

Available Now 

• 
One bedroom, studfo 

 fireplace. 
Completely 

 unique I 

• Two bcrf/oom, balh & a liolF 
• SlL*d!o. On pool. 

 i Home Parks 113o41 I Mobile Home Parks I 3o4 
Apartments 

 furnlihed 

Apartments 

Furntihad 

Lackland Plaza Mobile Home Park 

Present This Ad for 

'Spring Special 

/Aaye Fn>o one of our irobJIe homo parki and receive 

One Months Free Rent 

Near Latlkjr.d-Kcllx.W lloid Ha'l Hoipllnl 

No.l lOOFIazaDr. 
Adjacent Io 

673-622 J 
Latktand Ploia Shopping Cenler 

No.2 
81o2laligo 
... . 

£74-1386 
AtLocp41oanaMarbachKd. 

No. 3 765o Hwy 9o West 
Adjacent to 

674-o751 
Lackland Air Forte Base 

No. 4 29IOGunsmoke 

675-18o1 

Al Loop41oond 

Hwy 9o Will 

•K 
We Have Rentals Too. 

Mobile Hornet 

 for Sole 

Lighted Beamed Coiling 

•74 modal Wx14. ToSol electric 2 bcd- rocm JVi both. Fully I u r n I s ft c d iJS95. Call AL &53-2U) 
Rent lo own 2 or 3 bed-corn fyr- nltfwri or unfurnished. 15o depcil] 
Cull 974-5147. 

 lotes like r«l. More ttwn 3 ceres. J 
S ml, Hwth oul Sort Pcriro. HoricsT ilC. tret* o-.d 1op soli otxjrKtant.9 
15o' paved rood frontage, owner tl-1 
-varvcfno available. Ho cfo-Jrxj cost. I 
Ja qjalifytng. Phone J-.m Hordki 
" " "233 or 1-e3S-<UG6 nU«. 

«EPO5ESSIONI 2 Gcdcoom 
-15*12 

Llico new. Assume _Lpon. B23-29SS 
13*7o ForerTrnast—12xlSV» Ttvlng room, 
? J>^tK°?_n>?. Coll for detail* 696-JM7. 
REPOSEsTlONl Like new. 2~ bed- roem 5ox12. Aswmc Loan. W4-i23i 

Mobile Homec 

 forRonl 

1 bedroom/ f u r n i s h e d / Hft. i fenced yard. 455^1oo. _ 

;JT-RA7E rental price on scenic lugilie loU loom ol I own Include aturol goi &_\waler. M&-I7U. 
ADULTS" ON LVr^~tmiVr~iotj~avoTi". ble In Tex-Moa Tralfer Park, MSM 
H 1o V/«t at FrcdcrlcVibura Rd., uit ncrfh ol LJSAA co-np'eK. Fenced ord*, trcei, 1SS per mo. Coll 696- 
2t<SJor_o;jpoln!menl. 
• 

MEDlNA'M6BlLE~ESTAfES 
!| 
?urol pork, SoulhUde, fenced (oil, I 

Lovely 1 tedroom, furnished mobile homes._j_135_ mo. wrndcresl. 65SOW. 
2 bedroom, f«nced7v«dleVixikJ, ci&« 

Furnished b«uTlful clean air corvdl tloned 3 bedroom, IVj both, CaHro- vlllA Rd., couple or smoll fcmlly. 
3135 per month. GE3-B83o or GE4- 

LUUNTRY LIVING 
•• ttcr Locklsrwf, UTSA, USAA, Medial col Complies. Paynrventi <lke fer.t.-| 

ELM VALLEY PARK. 
J 

679-7611, 69^6777 
|B 

Heleles Romti Reoliy, trie./ AgenU 

ox12o 
Feneta 
J3SOO 
MOW 
Not F«H«a 
MOM 

Tyco's lo P?/-Oih" JS 

2 Bedroom Moblr« Home for f*nt, 
Carpeted ond o1r cood 11 lo rved. 
In 

•Universal Oiy «al| 73<VM31. Atlcr S end <n wceltendii 732-6723. Vacant 
April lit. 

 i3oo do/fn, 7 yea's To pay. Off ill 35 
Scum al Von Or my. Juil }2 easy n-JJej from Kelly 
ReW. Wcnehco 

<??-23«6 Wenhvartn 3424^3 

 eroom, i 
, . , 

 smaH family 1135 per mo. GE34UQ 
OT GEX-S3U. 
-1972 UxAO Unfurnlihed wlin 3f ond rctitocicAot, 1 bedroom, •! both mit)!:e tiomc. 51oo (Hirt utltitic* 
Cour.lry Jowotd //.ed!rx] Lake. Co! 

I Mobil* Home Parfcc] 

San Pedro North 

MOBILE HOME PARK 

OaV t r e e d — Larso- Toll. 

11«S. AH clly uNlllle*. 
1624o San. Pedro 

3 bcoVoom, fy/nVihed, cenlral oV nice. 9145 Bandera. 
Preillcw rrvJblfO horn* Jots tor sal in Irn) finest o<fuJt lutxJIvliFon In 1hl orw 
(between Comelot end Wlr^J 

 crtst on Monloomery Lane), lnv«il oolu aid you wIN i« mof KORTr tRPI HILLS MOF1ILE HOME 5UB 
DIVISION 4t the best. I?i-?ih. 

HEX; MOHTQOMERY, REALTOR 

Geronlmo VJIfage 

MobHa horr>« Ronchettei U mile 

(rom town. 4£4JI14, o?J-T4o1. 

Brfgham Real Estate 

Mobile Home Parkt 

,********************^******W 
NOW OPEN 
^ 

FURNISHED 
' 

APARTMENTS 
• 

FROM 
; 

• Weekly *T49« monthly: 

:STUDLO5, 1 AND 2 BEDROOM' 
' i 

NO LEASE 
• cpcc JITII ITIF< 

HEATED POPL hKfcfc «"">•"• 

SAUNA BATHS 
. 

JENNIS COURT 

RECREATION ROOM 

ADULT LIVING—NO PETS 
WARREN HOUSE 
3222N.W.Loop41O 

 i(at intoriection of Dewhurst 

 and accois road 41OU 

San Anfonfo's Finest 

Apartments 

A Development of 

Baker-Crow Co. 

8622 Starcrest Dr. 
655-1o11 

 v* 

BOTH NEAR FT. SAM & RANDOLPH. 

$14o to $29o 

FURNISHED—UNFUKN1SHE1) 

1-2-3 Bidraomt 

3 P«oll, Tcnnii Courts. Recreation Room 

 f 9 Minutes to Downtown via E>prenwgy} 

153o Nany Wuttboth 
S2S-3196 

Tirol iroiean 

2447 HaTryWurrboih 
824-1561 

HELP! 

What you want is what you gett You Bel! Fiom Uie smallest to Ihe largestl VVc're a tree service, paid by properly owners. Open 7 days a week. 

3121 NORTH WEST LOOP 41o 349-1737 

SftN ANTONIO. DALLAS. W.ID-CITIES. 

FORT WORTH. HOUSTON. AUSTIN 

; ; before 
•-../ 

^DUIT everyone else 

APARTMENT LIVING . 
UOCS. 

PRESTIGE LOCATIONS 

QUtET LIVING FOR ADULT FAMJUES ONLY 

EFFICIENCIES 1-3-3 BEDROOMS 

FURNISHED—UNFURNISHED 

. 79r6|on«-M>llibcrgor alSunselRd. 
826-2821 

COUNTRY LIVING 

CKNTHAl. I'AKK 
Castle Hills ApU. 
Cosmopolitan 
Rampart House 
The Hallmnik 
WO\I>KKI.ANI> 
The Dewhurst 
Mrt.lll.l.KSS 
Collad Rivfera E. 
GoiJad Riviera W. 

NORTH STAK MALI. 

6o14 Blanco 
DI4-6451 

85o2 Adorn bl2-8781 

173 Romporl 
DI4-367I 

8.125 Ahem 
344-7166 

I1AI.CON1.S I«'.TS. ! 

9o1 Dewhursl 
PE2-29I1 

-KKOOKS AFI1 

32o3 flolmore ED3-5241 
2o11 Dollarhide ED3-o331 

San Anl4inii* 
Uratlrrh^ Mur( 

Want Ads 

1O Word. 1o times 

$2.oo 

Call 225-1666 

2 SPACES For Rent. $3o a month 

 enced yarcf, pay voor Ow> «leclrlcl y and oular^. Near Roodcriph Field 

- 

FREE MOUTH'S RENT 
... 

OAK H O L L O W MOBILE HOME: 
PARK, rear Melhcdlsl H o s p i t a l . 
Thurj.-Moft. 4W-I126, 7J4-Kil, T 
\'rtd. 

E. PURPLE SAGE. Large kilt a I fo^pooL _e?A-5U8, *^K*4? 

JOHN MARSHALL Met>llT~HV.... 

 ii ncor. Meihodiii 

 ma- 
Sp«elol RENT on l5X^ra bite homo loti. 65S-91oo. 

FIRST MONTH RENT FREE 

 e/EW Addition to Gem2l«r Rd. Mo- bli» honrve pailu Largo «jc9o ipocci aduir & family Mc1l£u. CHy merer 

WE^^SHADY 
ACRE* 
TRAILER 
PARK, fcivrcd lot, storeroom, paifo, tfcci, fMi&fiObJg. 8?l-87ii. 

FOR"-LEASE: Larc« trelltr ipoc 
All nook-Lpi ot ClbiTe. OATKT, 
^4cCay, M14731, Son Anloalo. 

NORTHSIDE PARK-1oS2 GARDIfJA 
ACROSS Street Irorri Uwvwjino Ctn- 
^f;.«:-*WAj^. .t behr^Fred arKO JtKkwn 

Apartmonls 

Furnlihcd 

Tor Permanent Living 

CHECK 

TRAVELER'S HOTEL 

22o Broadway 
Downtown 

.ovely flllc. I en p*iiJIll!L2St.*yi_^. -- j 
Somrociion plul Ii v>iof y«u Ot! 

YOUR WAHT AD-22MW4 with aa E:xprf»-Kcws Clonlfled C(f, 

Ca 

 t, 3 Bcdrosm moblfo home: 

•n| alf-^c/r, H.vy.131 SooFh. 633-2112 

Hawaiian Village 

321o Flscnhouer, tlorlji of FI. So 
" Harry V/uriboch, new oroup 

 ja 1 bdsm. Apli, Dhhv,a^,«rs, *~ dixil hcot-olr controj, /Aoif • 

 ihog OAtJ bcaulltul r 

APARTMENTS 

 rrtifflit Son Antonio Ma.r M«K| Af.o 

Uafvlnj 2 b«c!>««i», 5 both, ilE/dy, 
1,44o 

'• ptvlh IB/paring, Iktplot*, SjxutliS bokwiy. 

I 2167 Northeast Loop 41o 
655-91o1 

NEAR ST. MARY'S 
AND METHODIST 

Now opH. now Icaiinjj. I ond 2 

 fyrr.iihcd. Ccnr^n!_oir- 

 hcat, ihag pa d. becuril/ GI 
1221 Barxfero Rd. 

.i, poo1, 

. 
434-3221 

Royal Terrace Apts. 

Walk lo Bopflil noip., Scon. 3 room collofle, oJr, COS .Comixn,_235-oWi_ 

 o c K w a y Main, nillclinclet $11o onlhly. *3 week for 3. nilli pd, 
_jlly mold icrwlcv, letcp>,one, iv. corptletf. 7Mr1^l. 
PHO/Iti YOUR WANT A 

W£STCHESTER SQUARE 

1 Bc<koom, t Raid 
'; Bctl-oom, IV; Bo'li 
3 Brdroom, ? Bt.'h 

 pool, co^rnd rv|. Nan- Fi S( 
1111 AudinHft 

, fKirLmij, 

^- LARA LOOG£ ^ 

E^TICIGPJCIEl. AIR. nus 

J»_WK.JO 1111 I/.Q. i»H<»l 

 tovtTy, gfi'rfl'ie'oVC llw wai*r c 
1 AMI. Tlo p<t>. >" >»'• 

YOUl* VfAHf 

PECAN VALLEY 

GOLF CLUB 
APARTMENTS. 

333-3o2o 

 yUlhildc lovtiy I U n opf. water pd.no 

 no pets. o47 Wor 

M 1o363 Sahara 
311 6J91 
ASTORIA 

FURNISHED-LtlFUBHISHW 

SVJ.-^J Pfo«f. 

S 

342E.Sunshlno 
JJNSJHINE 

Tho A!am» Aparlm«n| „,, 

Ii oil you reed wtxn yoy hunllrx]. plctureJ & Itilorntot.'iXi 
" , only 75c ot yowr local rwvrit 

 oof 

 txdrooririi, c^ilrnl o'F paM, no peti. ;j* 

_ 
. 

Small "Bachelor lifflclcncy 
• 

?liar Trlr.Uy, til/o laraV ~3 Led 

PHONG YOUR WAMT 

Luxury Apartments 

247W.D1CKSOM 

BEHIND 3EARI lOUTHtID* 

923-2791 

New 

AMBER 

APARTMENTS 

 for Occupancy, Cfoio ] 

 to Lodland, Kolly, Draokt , and topping cenTctl. At 
PleoianfonRd, 

131 W. Amber 

1 & ? BedVoosm, Caipeted, I 
Svrinim/ng pool. All oleelric 
( 

Whijlpoolllrchens, CODERS I air cond^ionl^Q. 

Open Sundays 

922-4881 

 wwwwww 

LUXURY UVING 

Eflicicacies one intf 
Uobettiaom aparlmeiitv 
Turnished and unluimihed Pool and club room Conveoienlly located Shopping neaib> 

• 1-7*3 bedroom opu. 

• • Reol fireplace 

• Norlhcatt Son 

1 Anlonio 
• One bedroom 

 bachelor aph. • 
• Individual a[r ccnlrol 
, • All elediit kitchens 
' 
• Pieidge location 
• 4 Swimming pooll 
• From S133 

AND IOOP4 1o 

'"''828.25 n' " 

Oil 

Incksou 

Villas ' 

• l,ovcly »|l«rinil!l 
3 lif ilrimin iiiwnhuim's 
OouTril I'lrklni; 

KuiimUiJ o1 UflTairmTiriJ 

Wnnilc.linJ McJItil KtMtt 

DnwnlnMn 2 Ipt* linrv. 

•U.i VANCU JACKSON 

7.1 1-54-U 

 fioliatl Hivlera Kasl ; 

Mcfrelrss-RrootisArra •', 
One andTwD Bedrooms 

Also Efficiencies 
, 

32o38olmorc 
333-5241 

•niflHfM.iiHaff.iim 

OPEN 5AT5.—9 A.M.-5 P.M. 

SUNDAYS —I P.H>-4 P.M. " 

C^ntonian 

TARA 

FREE APARTMENT 

 location Service 

 farnlihod - Unfurnished 

FROM £13o 

Intlodoi all utilities 

[Norlhirdt 
SouHiiJ 

|a"M.OMl 
3O-229I 

SAN ANIONIO 
APARTMENT 

LOCATORS 

FREE 

24 hour 

 professional service 

828-33o1 

PRIVACY 

For You and Yours 

WOODBURY SQUARE 

2 btriroom lowjhuie, Colonial txltr'ai nUh bey rrhdow, irpcrale rffning ICO.TI, Ijxwfoji bionze^goJd teiptrkg. Prhnj'e pal'a. l.Sii ?4 ir'n 
<oraplex offm bclh eltgcncc ond pri-.ccy h aif.it! kiciic.t — fM orly- irinjref fre-n jtholi, ihcaphg rjrd freeway 

 la tut* WOQDBUY SOUMf, tc'.e 

HjKogdxhei Pd S bkcfci pcH leap 

CHATEAU WEST 

3536 West Ave. 
341-4174 

Hn» lu*jiy Apis.Nf «li»l if ijlrkl. SJwa to/pit, ol tJedilt ki'ihto, biL'i pe-J, tenlicl dr-heor, 7 swowrlra pcsli. fur- niihed o1 urifutfliirnd. I, ? aid 3 bn^CMni. Aba hjiwix« Tc^nhajits. 

TIM&ERCREEK APIS. 

34 Units 

JUST COMPLETED 

Cloie to Lackland-Kally* in WESTWOOD VILLAGE 

EffJcfenc-es, 1 and 2 bedroorn apis., oil coipeled, electric 
Vflcheni with dishwoshei, dii- paiaL Very ipa clous with walk-in ckisets. Pool. All bEli pcid. Adult t only. Mgi. 
673-o427. 

4 ^te fatrdale 5 

 rnished 
• NCMkUnlqua «QyI,( 

• Adult I Ivlng • Po el • No Pe r* 

656-1oo1 
OOrnJrdol* fi[filmon & IH3S M 

NOUAtlltQlHBtO 

<on pay ff.( rn-vlMy rent ti of 

Eaio ^ ralM IV, fitx£o. Fool. 
^ 

... 
S^AVAtUBLf 

'KopViyja-Vo^ 

"TBlMCHolMETAPT?^ 

Luxury aptt. near Lee Hi j school 1, 2 ond 3 bedroom 
* 

 aplt. and tovmhouiet, cen- trol heo^Kiir, cajpeli, pool, covered parking, ulilitiei paid. Security Guard. lt» Jcckun Kellir 

MWWWMWWWMM 

Cflliad Riviera Wrsl 

Brnoks-.McCrclcss Area 
One aril Tun Bedrooms.. 

Also Efficiencies 

2o11 !Jollarhii]e 
333-o331 

3 bedroom trailer, Adulls wily. 
Leon Springs, most trills paid. 

678-7/68 
- ifer 5:M 

Lovely ground ikwr, 2 bedroom. Ter- re I HI ns-Broodyroy. 573^8o6. 
Medern Studlu Ap»i on bus line. bill! pd. M5. 733-o&A or 732^611 

E. Locust, i b«tfroon>/ 
AIR. 

 shbg, >1DO. 735-<<59, 82? o6oo. 

DOVWTOWN 

 pgnlnouio and Anil. 
JP-HSO 

Ri*lflfld~Jiif(sV^lcbn'4"tioom~hoii'ie. 
AtfoUs. Ho pets. S33-J62? ofr..5 
Luxury 
TA2 tedreom apti. Wtor 

Norm Star Marl. Furn., oil bills pd. 
Sl« up,-Lorl-«l Apt!. MS Romporf. 

+ METRO HOUSE •£ 

DOV/NTOWN 
EFFICIENCY 
APTS. 

S1IO MO. 
213 4th ST. 226-7SH 

"paid. 

Apartment 

Locators 

FRE£ SERVJCE 

> 

824-6351 ilM 
" 

 jToi i«g>Q' 

MiNI-STORAGE 
K 

^=^ fROM 
o<| $12.ooMO 

 f~VI 
24 HourSecurtly 

 y/ 
Manager on Premises 

£j 
. 7 Day a Week Entry 

696-397O 

>Tor<li Slur 
Aitw Fran CenVol fork IM 

!l!:(.$12iFutn. 

 p- ur.dlrn. 

. 

715N.W.LOOP41o 

•* 344-46o2 * 

__ 
Rent Io o-Ml 2 or 3 b«ifOOm, lur- nhhcd or unlurnlshcd, $5o deposit. 
Coll 
- 

HOT W. Cra!5. Spacious Bedroom opl., corpelcd, $17o cllll po'd 734- 

THE BRITTANY 

!«M_Joji n-MalliMrotr 
SOUTH HILL APTS. 

2715 
LASSES 
333-5339 

1 .arid 1 bedroom. Sforl or J1JO, [n* 

ARISTOCRAT APTS. 

Acrois Iram McCullom High 
School, Near Soulhiidn Scan. 
Convenient to Kelly-Latkland. 1 

 heat, ihog ccrpcfs. Pool. UliVlict 

515 W. Hulthins 
927-4141 

Babcock ViJIa Apts. 

Hr.-WB.*-t,^.,^ hH^K. 

C*»Mw*tI«H.H.ff lU. 

1 and 2 bedrooms 
Central air-heaf. 
Shcg carpet. LJlitllei pcid. 

HO BABCOCK 
736-3322 

IIIMPERIAL 

COLONNADES 

 tf219 perrrti Cclfd Rd. 

At N.E. Loop 4,o 

I ond 2 bedroom aparlmcfils 
Snort lorm mlllJary leasts 

653-o123 

GRANT AVE APTS. 

I bedroom, all bills pd. Central olr pool. CiBic lo shopping, off Blaico 

THE SPANrS'H KEYS 

1SJ BAPCOCK 
71«.1«' 

4cor Ft. Som. bdrm-, llvlna room, ilchcn-c Incite ornj balh. 
Newly jlnicd, S?5. AfSO cfllclcnty $75. 822- 

~ 
" 
, lly, ilr.qles SiS. 

$135 MO. FURNISHED 

All 

Retfracm n* Auitj.i Hwy, 

Itoyalalf, Apartments"" 

LACKLAND AREA 

M2 ROYALGATE DR. 
OJH..S 

SOUtH" 

One bedroom furn 
$ns 

Two tcdrosm Firn 
$T« 

Cenlral he at, air. OJnt Lcne Aparl 

3ills pcid. Hear Ft', £oo1 (Narlh.] 
714 Avilln Hvy. ai6-9J)l 

M'AWBU A?TS. 

 j;w bik. San pecro 
! bedroom lownhouie (ui bed, air, huge cloids, po 
I bedroom Ivrn. S13o. 

LA R'fSA 

8» BA D COCK R O. 

GREENWICH VILIAGE 

1 OR 1 BEDROOMS FROM 1149 
Includes all ufUKIfi. furnlihtd and untitrnlshrd. InJ.vldtwl heating, coal 
Ing, cctpcKng, and covered carporli 
5L-5 c-;rtcr lo town Vi brack. BCI enlnl value In a/ca. 
^^ _ J AC KSJ3H-K gj-L E R 
BI4-?I7 

]RL-4A.'A HOUSE, A bedroom,"'-.. rcl clr, wcli-lowoll carper/ Kneed tttO mo. CA7-4l7a Wail side 

..ill. 
EFFICIENCY APTS 
•a^P 
»33 V/co*1y, Air. shops 

 bus. Three locations. 434-9645. 

BRAHD NEW 1 L-edroam 

 opl-s. Air, call ony o":ry c. >:;-3 
- 
— '— r a.n>9p,m. 33^-1151 

RHl Sam TA2-I377. 

TERRIES 

Terrace Hills 

1*3-3 BEDROOMS 

TOMORROWS LIVING TODAY' 
9S» LORENE 
344-9&( 

P-l Ar- 
Sauirnki 
o | Ik r^rn. op 

(Z.U ok. No 

 tcvt-Jy 
1 

 apt. vwlcr pd. Bab 
No pott. 247 Ware 

WM-tai, 9M-9U1, 6/J 

S3J STAFFORD. 1 room ocor 
Sam bui. Couple or j'nnle, 15o mo 
?J7-<?MJ. 

MUST SACRIFICE— 
1972 1?*M 

 bcdroonri Iron! ond rear, with I1/ bolh. Ful I v lurrJ sh ed ond ecn! ra I olr. Low prJce o(_St«p. 3^-£i?AL 
Near Lacitlarrf, K^ty, Brookf 1 or 
3 bctfrowns, olr. KOI Miulcn Road. 
""Bill, 64B-l??fi. 

Noar iirachcnridgc Park 

EIHclency oporlmenl. DI1U pd. 

APARTMENTS" 

ADULTS 'ONLY.! 
Atlroclivoly (losignod'' '' olticicncios. onp find two Dudioom 4ip.iilmohis 
Suiiorior Uiniiiuro ' ' 
•Luxurious cliiluoont 

McCrcJess-Krooks Ar-ca 

1 BEDROOM FUAM APTS 
1115 

Air, bills pair). Poof. Alto erHcferv clti 411o. Mlllitda Won or Aprt, 5»1 
KochlerCI. S)3-)4£o. 

_JU?_!]1£?15' b'"i ptf- TM-usi. 
$55—Air condiiioner 

Very dgiJrqbV. 512 C. Oul_ncy_ 
CLEAN. Near SAC, town,* but. 

PIU?._P9'.'!!:.-A;C.___|JM.- j^s-iaat 

JLcCrcloss Area 

 irand new ene ar.d two bedroom ram $13$. Indivldjal central air. A ullilNii paid. 7 poali, ganra room ennli, car ports, tloraqo, 
Ac'Os 

 rom b'jt. 2 blocks from McCret*i 
<wid IH ]7. Soulhpoint Aparlmml 
" " 
Wflvi Brauoleu, Sji-UCO. 

BOO Bobcoch nil 
736 4S81 /x 
I 

Fontainebleau 

.APARTMENTS 

Walk er rfdo blcycro lo worV. Ke: dogr T» Ff. Scm. Short diitonco to dawnla-^n, TH-Uiy er SAC. EMIcien cy, 1 or 2 bidrooms, Fui-nKhed-un- 
(urnrifccd. ccnfral olr, eitra larg* poor. Carbag* plckuf) al doer. .. 
1235 K. fllullrcrry 
82G-5o81 

Dochctor mob'.'e horr.e, soulh, b!i pd. *M. 1 

SOL/THCRO'SS VILLA 
1-2-1 BEDROOrA APARTMENTS 

1 AND 2 OGDROOM TOYVNrlOUSES e. sourucfloss 
117-1 MI 

Contour Aparfmonts 

 wall to wall corp«li, air condlMonir^ iwinunlrvj pooll. milt paid. fJo p«ti/ 
I5M Contour Dr. 
422*1531 

Norihufiii- 3 re em auoti HOUI*. 

 t*5, Coufllt or Stag!« only. 

^JHJ-19 ot|cr^£prrv 

Hear 
Ft. Sn-iT'^n'rootJ-vay, I bfl- iovn. 1?5. ??!) Coffxirnn. JliM[o. t!Tllci«nc/ far 1. i/A. JM Carnal 

 fftor V/ondtiFand 
I ond 3 rxd/oom I1o5-tl?s, bilf* pd. 

 rrighlt/ (urn or un/urn *j lolurtd rtxrti, t75. (32-i?// 

•UA PAIOAAIA 

 l« W. RAMPABT 
/ 
111 4»l 

WEDGEWOOD 

RESIDENT eOMIM.nX 

S»K ANTONIO'S FllirST 

)T Dlam 
344-o741 

ATfrTA'CriVE'APT. 

 c^ fwrn. ,wnlf ln-v^o!l carpot, olr 

.ISA 
A i'.< CJflrcmflnli nlr"o 
Mule' 

 r>cIq1\to»haod, 3 ieporal« Ltilli lor 

_ ... ., 
. lully' larrc'fxf, .... 
(rrenl ilrr, op1», rUffe/enl prlc«i 
Klngilfo trfif In mailer annrljrx-nl/ 
MS <VifTvise r(cr*cill, iienr fl. Sum, 
IfKflrn'jIO' ^"wrl a-,«l Trinity Unlvff- llly, ofl nroi(Iv;ny. Open April M, oil rtny. }»-M5). 

Eait HIFdebrand 

Jeor Atamo tUlghllf Srvopf^nrj Cc er, hiji. 4 roo.-iii, tnUr« vp^lalr 
Salable 3-3 perjoni. 177 7IW. 

. pr»w. Ant. llo. ?, 2 room 

 all'CO Fn Front, tw. Also Apt, urtfwr,. 

 r?r6o ;/atlla titioxi, 2 bodr< xilh, unlraJ h»l-alr, near fAe!h< 

& UT5A. 6W-4573r 62XW37. 

NbRTlTilDG: 3 room, both, ,.„ 
^,* S'..«SLw*^r«!^tV IWinfttl. Dl pa. 

 l u d c » ullllltei. Larg» L._.» ith Wiuffio beard and llghltd Tennis ourt. 3 large xvrlm pools. Forniilied ond unfur/ilih«d. Near Broeki AFB, 

 ale hospllpl and Pecan Volley Gait ourse. •• 

EDECORATE D cH tekncyoJf AV:- 

 uUougti. Dllli pd. Air, 1W, ISO dip. 
96^81;,_ 6y^-6«T. 

 at 3o3 E. Covrl- 
. 737^o346.. 3M-341], 

J r o o m m a t e , to share I 
. Jhsldc I bwircwm apt. I urn I cfo:c 5. 233o118 asJt foV shfls. 

'APIS. 

 bedroom opl. near Iho maltl on an Pedro. Furn., bllli paltf, bus al oor. ADULTS ONLY. SMS. 
41-2WO 
RAY TEAL REALTY 

SA'N1 PED'RO 

 bedroom fern.. S11S. 2 bedroom* ifgrn., J16o. Dills pd. Poof, olr, arpct, huge closcli. 824-SSO, 

STREAK 

TO THE K1KOSTOH APTS. 

Fum. & Unfurn. Rcnli, Th«o i arc cxlm spaclaw, CoovctilcnHy ' . 

Lixntrxl | bedroom apis. i 

M only tlSS.OD QIIU Pd. ' 

75o? Vooc« Jocitsoii 
» 

_ ( 
* NEAR >T. SAW * 

Very r/ce, dflc:cficy oplj, Corpt)( 

* MARYMOtiT *^ 
_..jry soyrxj proof 1 and J b«f- oum suite?. Meal floor plan, txoutl- 
-il qrounds, oil electee klJchcn, 

Jilt In TV twftrjixj. Spotlessly clean vi perfectly nw I n fa Incd. >16o or.d i. BIJIs pd. &SS-<OX. 736-o131 
BEST GROUND LEVEL DUPLEX 
BURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED 
Highland Hills Apts. 
AIR CONDITIONED-CARPORT 

3931 E. SOUT1KROSS 
SM-«Ma 

 drooj-n tralkr, f u r n 1 s h c d. on t. Lots of space to nlont veoela- 

Wes orvd rofic untrnali. 5 rnllts from 
'^311o. tflA-ua, 
^^ 

Pd , SIlQ pliA dcp. ACulFs '8Irl-X?18 
Ut. 5 

 f LUSH PA^S -A" 
, young married i. J mtn, Kcl- kiaiid, 1 bedroom. S1W-J13S. 

EH'clency epr, o: condlllorwd, tar- 

579^, Off? W. Wa<> 

THE M<\YFAIR 

;lvc CMdomlntym Cor it-aic 

V/eekly-Monlhly R«lrpoft, Texoi. 

Co11 214631^4o? COLLECT. 

MtCHLAfID PARK, 2 ro3m furn, tirt, gortitm, JJlMljkl, US. 5M-o&4IS. 

TED 
•tfaTo 
"LOAI.E 

(MO A FURNISHE 
\ 1 -tllUW Folrou 
<P lOl/TltE FAIR 

 otor FI, 
*° 
1cr " 

Sam 

I. i» drepoiit. 

KBLLY-LACKLAriO .. 
. iVobllp Hcm«, Dig yards- iltadc Irgcs. MQ (o $11o. .QJ^iOjfc 

ACT tO N ~ 
~~ 

Apartment Locator 

FREE... 824-2333 . 

Walk "Kelly, I bcdiroom, J-Jo ' i~b«n rocm irallpr. t». milt pd. 9M9U4. 
I/Mr Trlnif/Ti btxfr&om "oalT"Wbl'h lo-^gll carpil, air, ••iJ^«S*h—-'°" 

COUPLUS . jnjotTos 

Illco/ olr, 3 room, lw1K, flnro^c, I hlk, bu>, 7 ttlki. K«lly nnlo. MS, wa- t«r pj. ol>5•^o9^. 1O Ijofl'ihHKk. 
I'llOMti YOUR WANT AD-n$-1« 

ADDITIONAL CLASSIFIED 

OH PAGE 13D 

CONTINUED FROM 

PAGE 12D 

Jf 

FAMILY APARTMENT HOMES 

Family Sized Apartments 
Recreation Areas for all Ages 
Orange Goose Daycare Center 
School Bus Service 

If you want more for your 

 children than apartment living normally offers, then you owe 

 it to your family to see 

CONCORD SQUARE 
53oo N.W. LOOP 41o 

AT EVfflS ROAD 

South tide of the 

Loop 

684-6422 

$19o-$315 

( 
IMvtnhktd 

PRESTIGIOUS 

LIVING . 

• Security guprd on grounds 
• Covered parking * Bu* ol 

• front door • Carpcling • 

Lined dropus * Sound proof opts. O Alamo Heigliu school district • All ulitihu^ poid. 

ONE BEDROOM 
FROM $1 65 

TWO BEDROOM 
FROM $2oo 

THREE BEDROOM 
FROM $35o 

TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $24o 

NOW LEASING! 

Mon.-5at. 9 arn-6 prn - Sunday 1-6 pm 
771 1 BROADWAY APT. 22B 

824-63o8 

FOX RUN 

Family 

Apartments 

Tennis C our Is 

Goof 

Che 1o i Hows ctpartmenls that plan to spoil you! 
*°» 

• Family & Adull Aroas • 1-2-3 Bedrooms • Sludios • Washer & Dryer 
Connoclioiu • Brick Enlry Halls • Two SwimminQ Pools • Shag Carpoting - 3 
Occorolor Coloi Schomus • Sunken Living Rooms • Security Guard on Premises • 
Large Covered & Enclosed Polios • Day Caro Center & 18 Acre PorV Adjaccnl to 
The Willows • I Mile liorn Medical Center • 4V, Miles USAA • 3 blocks from 41o ul 
Wurzbncli & Evers • In Norlhside School DistrkI • Rental Roles From J18o-S3.1o 

V/UMBMH 

The .. 
Willows 

Financing by Mortgage Invcslmenl Corp. 

Che 

64oo Wurzbach Road at Evors 

681-o744 

LEASING HOURS 

MON.-SAT. 9:oo-6:oo 

SUNDAY: 1:oo-6:oo 

Ann Mf.Gmim, Manager • Barbara Huvlin. Assl. 

,, ,#*<&# 
"'-.• X^ 

Move in nowl 
- , 

Limited selection ot 
^ 

1 and 2-bcdroom units, 
(urn. & unfurii.' 
FROM SI 52.5o, BILLS PAID 

826-2355 

Hide-away 
Fun P!an 

The "fun area" i$ centered ut Hie Pier . , . secluded from Iho eyes of ihe casual observer. 
You'll never nolicc from your car! The pool umJ paity pavilion; mini-lakes and moaK dotted with ducks,- lundscuped cjrccnciy dotted v/iifi sheltered tables and chairs. Peaceful, park-like privacy . . . for rc.i/r/r/i/.i. So don'l drive 'round in elides. Slop. Pork! Come on in and cjrjl o good look . . . oud the good life ol The Pier. 

/SHOtWiCi 
,^/UHUB 

Ithe 

 iif Jugge 

1946 N.E. Loop 41o 

 at Harry Wurzbach Rd. 

NOW PRE-LEASING 

COUNTRY CLUB 

LUXURY APARTMENTS 

A Better Way of Life for YOU! 

FROM $18o 

• 1 -2-3 BuilrODni* 
• l - 2 - 2 ' , > Until. oomi 
• Wooilhuriiintj Firoplcico 
• Wuilicr-Orycr Carmctliam 

 lo Turtle Cruuk Country Clul» 

ELECTRIC 
GENERAL ^ 

863o Falrhaven Drive 

69o-1533 
Mon.-Sat. 9-6 pm 

Sun. 1 -6 pm 

^v 

'COU.NTRY 

CLUB 

^APAMTMENTS 

1oo14 BROADWAY 

Broadway at Bitters Rd. 

824-297o 

Contemporary Living Concepts from 

CALLAWAY & SCHLUETER, INC. 

So nice, so near 

. . .to everything. 

8 Differenl floor plans from 

 which to choose. 

1-2-3 Bedroom l-l'Xi-2 Baths 

 w h i r l p o o l 
• 
Club Home 
• 
1 ' 

• thog <otpclkiij • 

 forest Oaks 

APARTMENTS 
^ 

6313 EVERS ROAD • 
684-4755 

Orm tnul ono l-oll m.'e* Nofll, of Loop .11o 

""'* "HEAR~WON6EHLANO "* lurm 1 bc>drooni-«M7.SO up4 bctl- roomi J17o up-Central hcoVnlr-Cov ern\ porklng-Ullllllei po!J. Furn. or unfurn. Pool-Ho KKCC prti. ll» WJl- 

16D3. 

. 
. 

 b-xa. 7U-91U of Walsc* 272- 

Copa deOro Apts. 

1oHI i P>i«rt SQitdt 
<*i - I 

___ 

 drocni mis., o^f 3 bikt' 

 ly. Some new, JJV.SO. Cflll anydoy or 
. 
_ 
_ 
_ 

SOUTH si DE t J bciirpooi opt. pcf rno. Good locatMn. VU^tUt* 
HI T>IERCl, dome Sec riy nc. ... decorated 4 room nparlnKnF. II 's tnoit uoviunl. 

HARMONY HILLS 

- rocrn tNS lo ir?5. UE school 
/ s 
'r'cl. "5 W. SNvcr Sonat, 3M *»/j 

 fA 
MINI EPFlCieYltY, "a'?, *»"iW" 
'lJ pertonr tlM full »li«. 
3W 
1 - 
VEHT, nOW»TOWII..M7OKj1. 

'VX 
Very lleor 5AC( ncal up 
:', room rxirlly lain, Qf-l., 
.*> r'ei cnly* r«f«/«n<«i r e t r e . 
•-'fy 
UoHrprf! WJJ72. 
___ 

,J 
" 
OAKLAND ARMS APTJ. 
'.V 
III N, SL Mory't— t>ownlown 
'i 
I bcnfcom, Uvlng, bilthed. Ref 

•-,*' olr, b:ili po'cJ- VX weeVlf- Mj'. 

• 

. Twr- 

 bed- 

1 htti- 
, cou- 

!45 

 frk)., 

J»- 

__ 
__ 

"fHE"TARA" 

\ anrf j htdroami, rroti tin M»»i 
«tJ MI). CarfiiMnq «td dropil. lul 
*] /our. l*l«r Norlh S1ar Mall. I.»P 
41B, ourf alrptrl. AM ulillHil palii r«fnllhtrf W gnfixnlihrt. iJii nnoAowAv _ 
»»o«i 

]U|lN 'MARSHAlX MolilVe Ht- 
P(xV, ill ii-onlti, pcjr 
WefriCH 

NOW CKCUPtINO 
ALAMO 

APARTMENTS 

Olll Kni^rt C M r Ron:l 

Lcop 111. llarvvvillil. T e r n . 
AVfil* P.O. lo. 1 61 II. * 

393-2769 

AfFROHMM! BtllUlS 

I8ii!.oera 
IK.JS 

JBtHioom 
JII3.JS 

38t,l,oem 
- 
5121.J5 

THE HEATHER ii7i HIDDEN PH. 

Hf n^nwiu IIKI.IIII) it 

Luxury- 1 bedroom. 2 Ixiih ilupfcx 
WoOc b Ltiby'l, mop!, mo. in-Ill! oiler i p.m., or m-Ulf 

COUNTRY CLUB APT; nlj r>lRii»vcii DHIVD in isii 

Shearer Hills Apts. 

1 (WrVown Unfurn. iiij 
, p i nictroont Uniurn. 1114 

Pnln> Jjir'nfli ilyle. Tnch wllh lit 

_>nliol o.r. ria tJoni- Drive 1n 

 ami IVn WEST on Avrnj* OelRi 

Co'l 3O-MI2 

HW S. -Trfin. AM. 11o. I. .1 to: 

1144" ni*n1h ""• " mill IKJM. 'l.afne"") hrOfooni, new all elittilc kitchtn, hl'ih n'r, corp«t. Ntcir 
Lackland, 

APARTMENTS 

Fine Hoiire Quality 

For Elegaul Aduil Lvin 

IMfilifiil Center • I'SAA • li'l'SA 

 and iMall.s 

..FttioipAiKr 

 v 

M'.Mtl MI-VI'S 

NOW LEASING! 

342-9321 

Coovc"f"cf>cc in ff oii.l luxury dVf/ig 

5H«».iiiii> 

NORTHEAST 

JUST 

OPENED 

PerrkiPfeua 
Apartment! ^5.7,22 

RUALLV CUTDI1 

»$m npcirlnifi'l In 4-fi^en, rkc-' 
Llrlxn, HKIO fnrpef, rtrn,x>< 
» jio!.|., im-ilM. W_nm 
_ 

ALAMO HHiailTS alt 
1o L«r)y'i, ni^vlii, iCh«ail, ipflnt, church*!. 
CWO nKil tw» 

•ry 
1 htdr«(H»i oporlnifnli, Art 

IKlrlc hlkMni. 
Waihirl-drriri, 
'-" onMi 

1)5 

U< 
_ lartfl polintj po«l, Ihlrltcnih fn*. n»1lir(illd 
AparlniewH, 

 t!llr»tj*lri._Coll (54 im. ruonn YOUJ^ WANT Af>—??i-iw4piiorin VOJR WAN* AID— 

Qnlndi Illnncn Apts. 

1 mm 1 txdrooni nfill.i niiKli for rtM. \NS <ii»l u[>. IMIU p"1. lo Ccnlrnl Pi.rk, tcl-acll omi o l^w. Ill-ill?. \73> jtmnre. t btJr«irn apt K*nr TurUe C 
Ulldrk kllcJicn. v<nUici •cfrvcr. 

Cl |M tJ». JU-Si-H. 

* Lot Angtrii hghlt A 

Very nki | iKtlrOom oi>l. iluvi 
If^rnfof, vrtilrr r-il. 1IM- !?<•: 

PECAN 
MA NOR 

.-t r,t HTM i-:.\rs 

 iij::<.•. Iw.in \.iii.., [I,. 

-Vi:l.|.lL!l 

You'll I.rvJ cvMirll,.,,,, ,ou 

 all r..w. 1o1,111, ,|L. ,'iJKi.l.nJni rniiiTunMy al l'vc.:n MII-K). 
Wi«..ii,.;i ,n., ,.,-,,1 r:,, .., 

'd»l .. io h.i,r.y out lorloy' 
• I i.ll I I,, hi,- hil.-li, I,- 
• H"U. «..Ik-Ill { In., I. 
• I'.nil !•••..I. .- I ,.n, 

• Tl" !•!'"!•.', "li,.... ^,.:,.,.. 

>'••<• M 
1- 
1 
•"' 

II 
I I . . - i l l 
I . , 1 1 , 1 - 
• 

II.I-I.. lli.illl .,.,,1. • I',,,- riiii;!*!-!...!'!-.!!!!!-. 

• 
> , T M r i l > 
C,,u,,|. 
(I,, 

 si i'i i M--I K \ I S | I I : I ) si:,') I I l i M S I I I M I I' 
M.I. i TII.ITII:S i'\in 

I X J KKDIKlDMs 

M.-Ci >TI |)Ki^ 

I'l c.l ,--iou;LlL M:mj"<-i 

 l!v Mil. H MHS. "" 
'' 

 i UN V sin;niini> 

 i\ I !>.. INC. 

 ms, 

APARTMfNTS ' ' 

FAMILIES WELCOME 

| A Lor Mo»*Corn(crl Ibcn Money 

 fihtii out incl'eil lealuic 

I CHURCHILL 

EISENHAUER 

LARKSPUR 

I Ujs lo Doer 1 unj 2 
.aii.i. 
2 bud.oo.-i 

 hoo^i'% 
Alliutlivt' 

Jll^rl RcOlM V/I1M Fl^L- 

Pool Tuli'u. r.,.g PCMJ Iu!)V. 
Wc'Bai. 

L p^"""'1™" 

^ 

2447 lOCKHILl-HLMA 

342-32o9 

(All Oft VI JIT 

•- 
9 AM'III PARK ': 

LUXURY APARTMENTS 

871 5 DATA POINT 

Take Wurihncl, Well 

From IH-1o 

1, 2, 3 BEDROOM 
1 & 2 BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 

Memberihip In Turtle Cr««k 

(oimlry <lub Induded 

696-8364 
MANAGED DY 

PREFERRED 

APARTMENT 

MANAGEMENT 

INC. 

Very n'ec Liifunilif-'cd uoilnlri hu- p't« Atxirlnwul. in *>ccllf,-il nelnlv borhdcvl. kTcnl lor n'hlrilfi nurd fou- pie or llilfl-c kwly. H3 ix-H. 33o 49IS or- J.'OJIIJ 

VANCE HOUSE 

1JM JACKSON KTLI.nR 
31! ttl! 

PERRIN PLAZA APTS 

DOM POHBIH nOITCL i)!;il 
' ' 
" 

I i: 

APARTMENT 

ENVIRONMENTS 
3815 W1STAVLNUE 

344-772o 

ADULT 
LIVING 

Planned 

& Spontaneous 
FUN 

 il-iJ kit till Oil Hl-nr jl'op|> ll(| 

L'.-n III .11o & IH 1o oil 

CALL OR VISIT 

9 AM 'TILL DARK 

Ho Pay men I Hi I I 
Crnlral Pork, 1 Ixclrconv, dlihurntlh 

Aixirinwni-c'cAlrol "i-cflValr, corpcV- 

C*J. ilftvpof, ^Ti'fr twiil yni ptild. Re- fMyc<nJar, Howe l u r n l j h e d , 35o; 
S^-errll-nrooX, ttft Random RJ. nwr 

 fHQNG 
DUFl 
WANT 
A 

Tell Us Your Living Needs 
We have 2o1o answers! 

Save the "woos" ol uporlrnenl liijnlinrj by coming lo 
Ilio laigcst selection you will lind anywhere in San 
Antonio. Yuj'll be most pleasantly surprised lo dis- cover libw much luxury you en[oy for so lillle money in one of CPM Management's 2o1o units. 

• Family or Adult Communities 

• Six Month Leases Available 

• All Electric Kitchens 

• Pets Acceptable 

Weekdays: 9-6 

Sundays: 1 -6 

Appointments Accepted After Hours 

'SINGLES 

Cirkiunlurili lo 
«•"" r"o'!'" 
'foil ipfirn fcx 
!cli iiK)m/. 

COUPLES 

C arc • Fi c ctfom, ly/ury vmlt vriih e-tetf converJentcJ 
For yai/i rnolo 

FAMILIES 

Spacious l:ving rhuttoit'durt 

Courtyard/ 

44 1 1 Garciendale 

696-4892 

 ciiimciiiu, 
SQUAKK APTS. 

1 1726 West Ave. 

Li-tid nfj San Antonio id.aoS aie -n 

342-8191 

VIEWPOINT 

APARTMENTS 

Clcic tc 'etK-'mtj ^iopi^-fj n.-i.l';ii c'i(J 

1 o2o2 Desert Sands 

341-6228 

FAIRWAYS 

TWO orricts TO SERVE you 

3815 PARKDALE. 
8631 
FAIRHAVEN 

(W) 
L...i.ryln,n3 «>>«.- counlry 

\^S 
<M> si A 

696-3499 • 696-451o 

14oo1 
Oak Meadow 

Universal City 

NL-O' r-O'llisKjc military boiui and s—< 
C'Ciy cor,vLnk.-iit.e. vi^)- 

658-5349 • 658-534o 

COLONIES 
NORTH 

APTS. 

9915 Powhatan 

 lj-,1 u llo-ie'l Il.tO" (lorn Co'oricl rJo.ll. Mu'l cr.d IH 1o. 

696-1621 

CPM MANAGEMENT 
JIM UPTMORE, President 

Kbs^ 

•r-;^;i 

 the best of Itoing at a bevj) liviafalc price 

Clubroom • Pool, ping pong tables • 
Full wet bar and kitchen for parties • 
Shag carpeting • 
Contemporary color schemes & furnish- ings • Master Charge 
• Pets welcome • In- dividual heat and air 

• All eleclric kitch- ens • Dishwashers 
• Disposals • Laun- dry facilities • All adult • Rentals from 
$159 • 1.2,3 bed- rooms • Family sec- lion • Turtle Creek 
Country 
Club 
• 

Health club fn. 

o4oo Fredciickshurg KJ. 

696-577o 

STHAUSB INVESTMENTS 

YTWPNV 

NOW LEASING 

4o15 Callnghcm Rd. 
684-5o72 

All Utilities Paid—Furnished & Unfurnished I & 2 Bedrooms—.1 & 2 Baths 

• "Ey« ipy" unit in fiont dow 
• Pie-wired telephones, luro focalioru 
• Lorge ftoioge room (or eath opl. 
• Two «pa role fiie obini iyitems 
• Pool, funbatMng oieo, bolhhoijie 
• laundry cabana with T.V. 
• Pitnic grwjndi S, toblai & volley balf 
• Mail box ronvenienlly in same bldg. 
• Coveied parking foi eoth opt. 
• Stcurily guaid on prerniiei 
• He if her {Fufcfren not peti allowed 
• Food slore aciosi the street 
• Coming in 197$—6arber-Bewly Solon, 8/eoVfosl 

Supper CJub; car-tare center arid tlores. 

Renl$155-5235 

Shouldn't TOWNVIEW be your PLACE? 

• 14 lu. ft. fiosl-free rcfrigerotot 
• Full cyife G.f. OHhwoiher 
• C.E. electric rar^e w/self-clcnning oven 
• Garbage disposal 
• ? ip*erf "quiel" venf-hoorf unit 
• Your own central heal-oir conditioner 
• Dooibefl unit 
• Shawerenclaiure 
• Pre-wired T.V. in living i bedroom 
• future cable T.V. <oruiecliom 
• Double shelving in clolhei ciosels 
• Thick 26 or ihag carpeting Ihruout 
• Ckjfclooi covered paliov and balconies 

^* [xhauit-aii syitem in bolhrooms 

COLISEUM PARK APTS. 

~fho TAYLOR HOUSE" 

"Ttifloic;1' lo yo*ir ncftli 

J53I KcrrybfOvK Cl. 
Xl-lf-S/ 

SECURITY 

PLUS 

Apis, of Distinction 

THE VILLA FONTANA 

McCUKI.liSS AllKA 

 flrond 
MW one odd Iwo hldiCOflli 

(fflm tils. Individual t«nfr»1 
OK", 

All nMlilict paid. 3 jf)o4llr fjon** 

 r«etn tin«lii carp em, ilorag«, 

Acroit Ircni feui. 1 blothi irem 
MeCrclni aixj III 
IT. 
Seulhptlnl 

AnoffnunU, JIM $o. Klw Diounltlt, sij iwo. _ 
__ 

PMCtNC'"nJUK"V('AHf AD—! 

14o EKpr«u*N«w*, Saturday, April 13, 1974 - Golden Twin 

An 

Ctmmvnltir 

We believe In order to give you real service we must add something extra . . . and that 
Is sincerity and 
Integrity. We care. 

• up lo 2ooo sq. It. 
• nine foot ceilings » wet bats • prjydle patios 
• forjiwl and infoniwl dining • security jnd maintenance service. 
• washer/dryer connections • club • 
• healed swimming pool 
• fireplaces • convenient to shopping, idioolb, churches • social activities programs' 
• located in prestigious 
Mary Mont. 
Up to S-13o. 
O 

3678 Hidden Drive 

 at Starcrest 

(512) 
653-73o3 

L.oxury =is npt uncpmmaii, •'.._" 
: 

Spacious 
. *„( ^ 
' 

 adw,lt apartment 
,'. 

 community for the' 
• 

 professional, X' .?i. 

«nd 3 bedroom^ up to 

- 14oo sq; ft.. A small .: 
'"*'~utu community- in prustigioiis Mary * 
Maht. with privacy, quality construction. 
Firoplucos, stuciieB, , poolj .cliib. _ 
* ". ' . . J ' 

87o2 Village1 Prive 

o5o-2849'' 

Take Loop 41o, uxit at Starcrest. 
: 

 drive north 1 .block - to Hidden Drive, lurii h?ft to i/as 
SombruK. 

NOW OPEN! one bedroom 

 furnished/ unfurnished 

Livi1 .it lilt 

IChenvTree 

 apartmenhs 

. 59oo Wur/bach phone 684-2G74 
5-1o minulc". l.i UISA. USAA. Mi.ilk.il 
(VnliJ. l.uHanil. 

Plantation House 

Luxury Aparlmcnls 

(hx-Lrdnmni 
.......... sill. 7 

Tvolxdrooci 
......... 
$m.2. 

 snitlhIUI.-CAHI.1IKT 

UllUTltSP.MI) 

X lA PIAZA 

M"ARTMEH7S 

ACROSS FROM 

NORTH STAR MALL 

341-4621 

1-2-3 
BEDROOM 

» WOODBURNING FIRE 

PLACES' 
NOW LEASING 

Approximate Rcnlult 

1 Bedroom 
$ I o6.oo 

2 Bedrooms 
$115.25 

3 Bcrfrooo-i 
$131.oo 

4 Bcfe'roomi 
$147.75 

..^. 435-1616 

L~T 
Control nir-licar 

^~^ 

OLMOS PARK. 1o1 sloRlcrd. Rede forattd. Oi<>cr, 1 Mrm., oir, ficol 

JEFFERSOtl AREA 
Lorrjf, reaccorafed. yofurn , 2 hrd 
. 

 t. AdjIU, 

 yrater po-tJ. no c*ilkjr«n or p«li, Ui 
~oakliffsVillage~ 

344-9726 

.3 betfroo-n, 2 bolh si! 

 lownhouit ' 
.' 
_ 
_ ^ 
^ _ 
_ 

• J^faycttc Place Apartment; 

DISTINCTIVE LIVING 

7MO CALLAOHAH RO, 
Mt-1 1 1 

BEST GROUND LEVEL DUPLC! f URUIiHEO OR UNFURHISHfcl 
Highfand Hills Apt. 

• 
AIR COIIOiriOtfEO— CARPORT 

* TERRELL tltLLS * 

" • Lovely ? txdrootp, 1V^ balh, CO/PC 
«d, 6'JU pd. Convenient kxallo 
*lo-/i and r*IrlMralor. $ua. 

_ 
^ 
* MARYMOHT * " 

- Luxury fwnd n^oot 1 end ? 
• room njifej- Id M! floor plan, beou 

 clrlc klt 

. 
^ 
^ 
, 

^ SAC, wppcr 1 bcoVoam, 2 do" 
, a|r« ia, llvfno-dWna 

314 CtncrnrtatJ, 175 oil Llllt 

Aiiarfmcntfi t/ntwrnlthvrf 

PUZA 

APARTMENTS 

US 9o WEST AT PINN RD. 671-8691 
• All ulililiespd, ruinisheJS Unfurnished 
• 1&28c(fieoms, l&7&alhs 
• 14 CD. El. Ffoit-fiet refti^eialor 
• Full cycle CE Dishwasher 
• G£ Eledrk Rcnge wilh seif-cFeoningcven 
• Caibage disposal 
• 1 speed "quiet" venl-a-hocd unif 
• Your own tentrol Jie^t-oit cfndilioner 
• Doorbell unil 
• - 

• Shower enclai'j;e 
"' 

• Pie-wired Television in living S bediooni 
• FulurecablrTYconneclions 
• Double sheking in tlothes closets 
• Thick 26 oi. shag toipeting ihtoughout 
• Oultfoor covered paMos Q?A balconies 
• Exhaust ok system in hathroo^is 
• "Eye-sp)'" unit in front door 
• Pre-wired telephones, two Iscolions . o Lor^e ilotoge room fw eotli apt. 
• Two seporale fite olatm lysterns 
• Pool, Sunbathing die a, Balhhouse 
• Louncfry cabana wilh TV 
• Pkmc giounds ond tobJfis^vollej'bD'l 
• Mail box conveniently in seme building 
• Covered parking for eath apt. • 
• Secutily guord on premises 
• Neither children or pets allowed 
• ResTQLHanl ccrciss the (tree! 

Rent *155-*235 

END OF THE CROWDED 

LIVING MISERIES 
OAKDELL MANOR 

JS what spacious living 

Is all about! 

2-liJ;«m, 2H.lolh, 1SOO iq. F). fitm $?N 

3.|nlr«m, ?H;B»|Ii, 17oo »q. ft. Ffom $!K 

WooAurnlng HrftpTacts and wit bars available 

N«or 
USAA, M.lhodi.l 

Hoiprlal. Ttxai M.dical 
School and Wonderland. 
Ntwly r*4«carartd and under n«w managemenl. 
344=3248 

7322 OAK MANOR 

DRIVE 

APARTMENTS 

ADULT SECTION AND JAM1LY SECTION 

HT.AIED POOIS 

SECURITY CUA5D 

Norlhcmt School Duliicl 

ACROSS LOOP 4 1o FROM 

NORTH STAR MAIL AND CLNIRAl PARK 

• Silcppirig Ccnlci. 

1 -2 AND 3 BEDROOM UNITS 
TWO BEDROOM UNITS 

FROM $1o5 

(l.'FAIfU IECW lilt, EIAN'CO KOiO 

TEL 342-29o3 

M** «**LINCOLN EEISS7A7 

W S V K t « i.DtDMAIiAGU'li.I 

For a Special 

Way of Life 

Family Aparfnirjnt Homes set aparl from ihc crowd. 
Breathtaking views, nature undisturbed. 

S12o-5265 
6 Month Leases Available 

24oo Oakhill Rd. 

,•1 S;fkii«r, lu. 

684-3481 

WOODWAY 
Apartments j 

 is "Easy Living"! 

C.isy on (he wnllt-t: 

 cfUctL-ncies 127.SOU) 
.mil 1 Btlr. 
\r,2.rin 

2 liilr. from 167,1o 
:i Hilr. from 2H.LIO 

E.isv ACCL-SS: off 1-1o on 
Pint'lunok ,\t C.illj^h.in 

Phone:142-4214 

FOR INFORMATION 

Coll 655-o421 

EL 

 eORTEZ 
•APARTMENTS 

SPACIOUS 

1o)1 VANCf JACKJON 

734-5252 

FIRST CAPITAL 

MANAGEMENT CO. 

I. 2 a-«i 3 hechooT opu. fl^o '(jb'e 

DELKNAP ARMS 

3o7 Vf. Mallei en 
73^-4891 

CHULA VISTA 

341-7931 

VANCE JACKSON 

SERENTO 

2S1S Clura lone 
34J-6ooJ 

GREENBRIAR APIS. 

6535 Grtenbn«r 
'B38--17oC 

.e- C-.I be or! or,.' 

"A Fun Place to Live" 

OKI: 
1^o5o 

 noiVtm 
I O7 

FurnisheaVUnfvjiuiHcd 

Tn Nirlhrrtil }.A. 5-I& inliuKi 
Inn USM, Ul!», Mtdkgl Cirltr end 5hoppfio. Pool, poitjf haine, kvntfry laiiUli«l. 

IIIIHUUUCH 
IU1ISI 

COUNTRY 

LIVING 
FAMILIES 
WELCOME" 

• Fully Carpeted 

All Appliances 

• Two Pools 
• Club Room 

» Security • Close to 

Service 
Schools 

1,2,&3 
Bedroom 
Apnrfment 
M35to s26o 

Convenient to 

Fort Sam Houston 

Randolph Field and Downtown 

THE 

Nice duplex. 3 rrm., Ille bam-jhow- 
- 
- 
- 
_ _ i Bedroom (roller on MedlA<i~Rlvcr» 
HftMtn VQi 

«222 Kalncloud, ThtndeiWrd Hills. tJOO, 3 6edroa.nn;, centrol air, 2 car gorooe, lcoc«, potto. 634-7913 

2644 Ackerman Rd. 

('/? mile north of 111 1o) 

661-5787 

1395o 

A young ndjll community 
O'd fashioned qjalny 

_ 

(omor? 

Trot? 

4227 Sunnate 

Olf PurFn BB1l*l 

PHONE 655-4626 

7676 CcVog^oi Rood bel«<«i 
IH-1o aid FreJtrkkibvig Road 

3<P 1217 

 r a r r e - j c - ^ x , ^ 

Nob Hills 

 i'ha!.e II is open. 

. 

 wvp:», Csu'd do txtt J&ii on itfil. fl?J mJ. 7 

~ 
. 

?- 1. cfntfol otf. IcrKt. 
. __ 

 hwtf. NrnlihidT"! bfd- ti«(*n, rvraitrittf. Near 

SPACfOUS 

DUPUX 

Cnarm £ Pn'raty of >vur o*n horn* without yatdwoik, faihionoWe Nf DrVffcl. 
'. 

L3 J>c dr cost», oU wilh *o ft In! 
Moiefi, ? borhi, off olcc/iic 
I Jtil</xn frith di'ifiwai^cr, fove/jr 

! private wood fonriul pal/o, 
:wnihcr A dr>-dt. Cenfrql.dir-i 

Spaniih lite floari 

•td rnx.se, 2 bcdroe-nu, den. ul^fly clea^. tl I c e I y fur* 

W-OOOLAKE 3 oedroonii, U-g ba^, 
" *' itlrioeralor disn^oiher, dlt- 

• v.oih*r, dryer aid drapes. 

SHI CASTLE YARD 

Cieon ] b e d r o o m , oV, garage, 
Spoilt. 

3*4-5377 

_ 
_ 

1W 
Rock Volte/ (LacXIond'Kellv). 

 yi55A 3 bedroafn, olr, lence. e;6-7iM3. 
Killy-Lfltkland, 3 room home, 41 1£ 
^UJL^j-.1?? <icp. 433-iJiJ. ^3j•y2^. 
NW CBWTEB. S p o t l e s s 3 bed- room U^ bo [hi, targe paneled family ro_am. $17o, wler pd. 7^1-CUW. 

 lamo ^fjhli 
Deo'**' -.- 

NV-oon> J boJn, voytied 
„ 

 eori %v-w carpetinq ond Jerraio. e/i1ro1 alr-heat. BvllMns, WMihtr- ircr cwirvecllofii, Roomy il 
Ivatc pofio, and ntce yard. watf.sa/ ond HE Loop. 12oo. IM- 

DR£AM HOUSE. 4 bedroom, cen air, vt-o4-to-\*rall carpel; fenced. : mo. 7i2-Bi78 Wett Stde. 
(3 

 if Duplexes 

— Unfurnished 
~ r~ •^K^^ 

WILSHlRE-Profeiilsnallv det&raled and cjle as a bullan. 3 bcdsaami, screened patio, stove end carpellna. 
IM4IM or 1U-115o 

DEA'KfE OWEN'S 

CROWN RIDGE . Townhouse, 3 bed- room, ?V'i balhs* iully emptied, re frtgeralar, fireplace, rrwlnle nance 
"•' d-jei paid t>y owner. Ltoie S3M 

 mo. &S-3&4 or oiks 655-2754, nw. 

_REESE HENRY, REALTOR 

_ bedroom duplex near San Antonio 
College, Garoge, ro^oe, relrloerotor. per in». 

SOB FOSTER 6M-OQ2o 

«.E., 3 bcdrocn; home, 131S n-.o, 
H.E., 4 bedroom home, 125o mo. 
•N.I:., 2 bedroom wilh f;ieplnce 

 orvd (wnfiried, S!W> mo. 

Roby Realty 828-o5S3 

A f-OREST of Trees aurroundi this cedor shake vrlrh brick front h^me. 
3 bedrooms fn ctwlcc McArlhur HI area. S195 per rtx>, 

BOB FOSTER 6U-2U1 

Pcrifally "furn. '?" bedrm. Qulot, se- cluded area. Only 51oo. 734-MS8 
Renlol DBregu, 41o1 son Pedro, Fee 
IN THE POPULAR HILLS AREA. 4 bedrooms, 2 bolhs, rcnoe, refUg tor, ce.ilral air. S195 per mo. 

BOB FOSTER (H-lltl 

C H O I C E [leighcorhsod necr Ft. 
Sa^. 3. bedrooms 2 6olhs, olr corrdl- 
Honed. ^16o P*r ma. 

BOB FOSTER iSi-lHl 

.. ^awtKtiw; 

'""i.'u.V'f^ng'1" ' 

LA Bandcra • • 

'1171 B»NDE!»"*D 
433-3214 

THE CARLTON ARMS 

I CtLLtaHAII 

THC ( 

41i-3m 

611 OURR-1 bednscm tpl. off W, 
/AUitary Dr. pear Trail hriv«-m. t) 
VJIcncn, air, corpil/ wclfr a.id on 

TH6 KORMAKDIE 

~McC?eicss~Jlrobiy~Are,i 
Loral 1 fakdroem, ITU mo. pool. M b 111 fl palj. IrKflviauDUr1 canirolK 

( KEY 

Aparlmenf Locators 

Hl-Jlil fKCD. 
21MMIP1 

71? VI. Frencli. Vpfff .1 ioo-"n, (Julc 
Clean, V/onl cn-n1or=d or r«llrc 

 lady Of rjupit. 1W. »!-7itl WJ." 
IIONC VOUK WANT "-"~ ""'' 

L&R Townhouse 

158 El Mto 
.' 

7 bedroom, $125. Heal, o^ carport, private pa fa, launaV><, iwimining pool, no pels. 

, 344-5793 

New Contemporary 

 eiuKc'oi Af>\ 
51oo 

2 Bedioom. 2 Balh . . . J24o 

Near SAC, Cypruis Toweri, 
Metropolitan General Hos 

"""4o4 E. PARK 
3.11-3346 
692-1265 

RIGSBYAfTS. 

2929 Rlgiby Avo. 

Unique New Garden Typo 

Apt. Protect 

UNBELIEVABLE RCNTAIS 

Central Heat-Air 
Rent Supplement 
NOW Available 

 f=Y 337-4241 

SUICT & COZY IN THE COUtJTR 
o ntln. to LocVkxiJ, ntar Pca 
Rtf. f. FM IM-i. 2 brriroo.-n^, i1 

 i , air cc--vi. IV vcoier lurn., 

THE PIER ADTS. 

I N.E.LOOP 41o 
13 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

 tury 3 bedroom, ? bolli lo«yi 
M. All tre e*lro;. Cnll fcr nv 

 fxJk)v,n ere a: in. 4 room ikip' mo-, tills pd. *f4-634J. 

 ano. 
_ 

^T Oak"Hiifs Manor Ap 
1 betfrm. to'rvnhsutc, S»o odyJt CCH 
•>:e< r.oor //.rolccl Cenler. 73U O 
'Aonof Dr. DM-^ill, Pf-i-W^) 
1 bedrooni niib*ille tome . Lackv; 
'.elly.orco. A'^j'.li. J-115 mo. 623o 
:AS7t-f: K~ILL'j AREA—Sp« redroo-n. In lonely 4 pi en unit, c net, oil api>1 l a n c e t , laroo yo a*al!ot'c ImmC'J alcl/. SL25. 65S'< 

TovmKousc 

7 b-droom*. v/i baihi. color ke kilc/'.en, hreot'.lail trtr, dinlrvg, 

, privare fenced pallo- 
Tfie Gofcfcn Ke/ 

 y.portjTKnt Locolor, MI-JUT 

Your I'irc 

 m l>.e coi/ tli>d^ of 1hli 1 hcdro charmer, w'-lh l.recvkice, J.iJiw bjyi >MJ ihe lime, 1U6 

Tho Golc/cn Key 
ApaMmcnl Locator, 341o13 

[ 

Hauivs, Duplexti 
J |,Q 

— rufftlihod 
J{ 
^ 

• nit*, Qvkt, ? bedrcom Iral 

MtCELY" Fu'r'riithtd "DoiuV/T"n room, livlna reom, r«r/;oerolor, or TV. I cnr floraoe* Akwro lf| eentroj/ I ceo ltd Jlft. 341-MH 

~* ~ALAMt5~Hi6f S" 

Upper rluf.let, l hc&oa.-n lor mot women, 317 IfarrHo.n Avi. 111o, ler polrf, yarjl >tf)1- l?^-4ffi. 
__ 

I hertr&5nV, n ee, d«a.i tleor . 
Crcl^l Center. Coupfe. No chllOr 

PHONE YOUR WAMT AD-H5-1 

HARMONY 'HILLSl 4 tedroom, 2 balh, tfcn, 52} Jammy D^, i!25. Plus 
Deposit. 6i4*i7t9. 
4 bedroom, 2 balh home, ronoe, dijhwaihcr, cent, o'r, fenced. 
HE 

 schcols, 9Z35. Op]Ton to b-jy avail. 

OE VAULT g, ASSO^. 34Mjr> 

Jay High- 3-I/ siove & refrlg., clr4 
45. 674-643o, e74-i?IS. 
PACIOU5 LIVE OAK"Hooic V2-2, ange, rcTrlg. central rxol o/yl n'r, 
^r pel in 3, covered polio, large den, 
145 mo. DeLancy Rcolly 653 o55o or 

Just Like Home 

 bedroom duplex, private yard, lop twxjli, preovint area for fomlty Jlv- 

The Golden Key 

_Aportmgnj^Loco!of, 341-3131 

- 
TERRELL H ILLS. 
Enlry ha! r o v l d e i privacy. 3 hedroonu 2 o»s, rorigc, o'.r. 8 e a u T i i u I tre* ludccd flrounds, *16S per mo. 

BOB FOSTER 4iM1» 

F.W TOWNHOUSE! 2-2, r o n g e " 

 owicr, carpeted. J21o monthly, 

BOp RODGERS 6M-4J4J . 

CAMIrLOT 

 ream, 2 balh, 2 car 

'uitt'lJoDGKN 

•A- La tk ford A re a-4o34 Shorevic-w bctfroom, central Iwit-oir, ii75. 
IJ-JJIS 
227-3 5M 

I c e cboke ol rffiloJ h«mei. 

 edrosm*. From $i» To Hts a:J for cfelalli. <S3-OJ5o or *W- 

IHERTZ, 3 bedroom, 1 bolh. i 

Oaks Area, T o w n h o u s e . 3 om. both and holF, wall to wal 

 or pet. electric Irulll-hi VHU.cn, flic- 
'ace, 122o wlcr pd. aa>CfS37. 

3-1 ell Blanco Rd. ifS mo. 
JOI*o 
American 
Really 

RADITIOMALSTYLWG \n /cd on a.ue brick. 3 bedroom 2 bolfis, pc an ponded tfcn. 
Ranne, to enlrai a:r, NE schools. «1o 

BOB FOSTER i»-?j71 

HEAR KELLY. 1 iKtfrocrn ik-pIC* 

* PARK VILLAGE * 
3-TA-l-fenccd. 117o. 
MOHHIS REALTY 

CLOCK to Camclot Elcmenlary 
Jxu/Jcui 3 bedroom 2 bath, don 
'•IK, lormot and Informal d'nlnc 
BUlHrt kllchcn, ccnlral air, bcoulllu 

-- ct and wall labrKj, Doybtfr OQ 
'. 4235 per ft*. 

BOB FOSTER I74-W1 

219 BIKINI, Three bcdrcam, o:l ertced. range, near FL Sam, yard 
:cp!, SI65, PHOTIC 224-7591, 

-.ce 3 and i bedroom homci gocd focalloni q-.d schocli, J?: 
SJ»: also, low c^uUlcJ, $2ooo k 
•MOO. 
NC RM_B LAN OtAHD 
341 

1C 2 ted roc m home, icdccorater 
T pokf, )«, 924*159 olJtr 4:3 

 bedroom honw In KE ichool dis kl. V/ilh o'l opplkintei and 

 lenvcn'ont 
Ft. Soni 

»l?o per mo. 

BOB FOSTER IM-tiTI 
* 
_ 

 rKo*MIH^-3 fccdreonns, frnced yort love, Qveri'jcd gora^f, Iff-, ichsolj 
17j per mo. 
344-3o71- BOD DE PAOLO 
SM-11S 

3 tj«ifroom ranch style home Jn Ju: ion Sthocl D.iklct, fancied livli end olnlno ore as. Ronoe. dlihwoih 

 olr. 1ir65 per mo. 

BOB FOSTER J?*»471 

2 bedroom, relrlaeralor, i 

.. _ - J , ooroce, *1W. V/otfr dep. S in ul I chlW. UH atr, fenced, 
* 
. Y/ater pd 

LINIVtTRS'AL CITY 

 cf, 1165 nxm. 

CONTEMPORARY STYLING. 4 bci rocrrri 2 balhi, ra.igo, refrigerate 

Iral olr, HE wrnoo's, J71o fM 

 schools. S155 per mo. 

SOB FOSTER IK-W1 

NORTHEAST, Beautifully ceceraK 
I fierffoorn i both, *Jei ho.Tv;, we aw paroling, luxurious war) fabric 
Fireplace1. Central olr-Iully carpelccJ 
"" per rno. 

BOB FOOTER 6S4-2161 

•it LACKLAND AREA * 

_ :d/osm_j,_l bolh, carport 61^ — 
PL'usii SHAG"CARPET' "dnd^ope beamed celllnai rr^jlie Iris 2 

 o o in Iri^nhavse. AppVorxci, 

 privacy tented w.MyOfrJ. $|7S 

 rrv/7/"EbrcftT~ci;ijYERr~ricw~i,,., 

 ex, 3-l-L c n r p o I e d drope ed ytva^ MX-UJf. aVip'ex, leecnd yd , dec. klfch 

WALK^tO^YviLTSiftRF: "ELEr1 
TARY, Cfean, olr ctuvTillortefl 3 ht; room 2 bolh. Pivo;y ferKe. tl» 

. _ 
A1.L BRICK. Laroc' ir*!n«i'oorii he pto« ifows ro rear. 3 bedroomi, 
Hie tvillrt, ronjc, air, HE school 
$1« per mo. 
__ 
HO B _FOSTE R_Jlt-tWI_ 
_ 

Wed i rvo— Lotk I bfid SlCuril/ .. 

3 bedroe-n, 2 bath, ronac, tvto\ air, fcnccrt yord, po-wfed, covr< ed, covere;1_P9!>o> tiSO.no., 341-IC 
Mi, flolYln 

_ 

 i, flolYlnn Rldrje, X bedro j!h, o^er 7,COu iq, ir. living 
•com, 

.-, 
Jng are 
-. „, acn, eGYerea co!io, prlvac 
(rr.ce, v.alk lo ictYOOli, oool mem bcrihlf> included, UiQ munlf*. f 

 nuc'lToBi~eol-yre» fKea-Tpor l/"i'|. ElCOTved CCMIntrt or>d ihoo C 
1 

 r-cf. 3 he d room, 2 both, built 
Mlchcn, central air. S21o per rro. 

DOR FOSTER tlf-lttl 

 i""ricf>H'ooy/5 wilh coiwe'Vef/iow for onrt roir» won't Pent long in 11 
Cren at >I13 per n>o. 

8o(1 FOSTER i'AtHl 
__ 

 cfudl-.o rJ/ajxt ftfKt nc"- *"" - 

ROB FOSTER ( 

V/Ob"DDU"R"N"l"fiG" - .._. 

 rtX>rm, luxury kJfthon v/lih ap<i oncei arvt c*ntrnl oJr, i?o5 r<r mo, 

BOB rOlTOR *iHU1 

1T7U FiL SANTO 

Clwrv 3 tjfrdroom, ctnfrol rrtol-o' 
-;t. HIS nrv*. plui OtpoW 

CHOICE RENTALS 

OAR 
FT, 
SAM-RANDOLPH 

 ofthern Hllll. J-J-1, fenced. «xc«l nt corvdlllon. |rrvn«dkile occupancy, 

L DORADO. 3-2-2, privacy (enctd. 
Int condition. Avo'loo'e June, «oo- 
«OWNRIDGE. 
Luxury lo,vnho-jw 

*x> ya/d WOT*;, Dnopei, oonwi- kxfl. ItYvr.edlolelf avaltotxe, U5o 

CU-J341 ^Realtors MLS aJIrs ii5-XO!« 

GENE WILSON 

 bedroom, den, (enceJ\-ard. A'orro on. icft&oJ^<nip^Qrtc«. emw. 
EAUTJFUL 3 bedroom home 1 oven MINI. Many (reel. In nice co. Only 11 SO- Jmmedlale occupon l". Call Roy 5imn\ons ot 

MMURA REAL ESTATE 

 plex, 2 bedroom, 1^ balh, with eplace, carpet, drof>ss, 1-cer 
M 

 age, (erK«J ya/d, Cfvb cool avoffcj' e, near MMkal Center and UTSA, vallD&!e Mac. 1- »« month, t&t 

 roortii, 2 barta, fenced v l air. Rex AI&ntgorMry.ReoUor 

15o. Clean 3 Bedroom, 2 Balh house 
Hi fenced yord. Nice Nelfl.'-bor- 
:d, riear Lockfond. 5»ll Shorevlew 
. CALL: 6»-51&3 Open FrhJay Ihru toodoy. 
Brand New Duplexes krnyilied bedroomi, 7 lull bolhs 
Ich, equipped ««. 5JS-5« Soulh- all. Near Central Park & 41o. Also fcedrooms, i batli* color ooordlnot- 
J, i!6S, at JJorlhwB** Cenier (Fred. a.) JU Ne*iwn. 3JJ-3113. ilklng dlilance la Mcrlls, s rooms, odern, lo/ge slornae, only JI3J. 
<-<«• REHTAL BUREAU ;u FEE 

FEui txiiH^i kUchen, cloie to 

Jiopptrvg crnler & LacXIond. 74 ucVboord H25. 735112?; 734-lMr fose lo Lackiond^kclty. SIB mo. wilh option lo buy, 3 larflc mj, rcnoe, iefrlo*falor cor- it. fenced. Form & Home Really 

BUDDY UHCKER 
IM-7KT, UH AutJIn 

KIVACY, comloft and cha/in pro acd by an « x c e 11 e n I f loorptan. um in Kilchen, cenfrol air. beoutl- 
I carpet, double florage. 5*35 per 

_" 
BOB FOSTER 45S-2141 

RENT IN FASERFI'ELD 

'85 for 4 bedroom comp!e!& hoow; wo* o'en. 2 bairi utility room, cov> 
•red pallo, 1 car gataoc. Call for 
PPOlPlrne.it 1o see Ms choke prop 

'INDCRE5T 3 bedrooms, 2 barhi, 2 jr paroflf, central cfr, ccnsetcd, o imforlotHe hon^ fn a good laca- on. .Lcoie J3CO p?r nma. 65S-3SW, ire* 6S5-2J5<, 6SS-7192. 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR 

^RGE 3 bedroom J balh F-O.TIC ... ee HI area. Family room, some 

3pplkinc.e», air, cwpcl ond force. 
2iS per mo. 

BOB FQSTER 6*i KM 

,. Seashclt, 3 bod r l q c r a t o r , Lackland area. 1135 
»nlh. o2-72oo 

3 tcdroBrn near Pork Village chool. Air. tliO. 

DEVAULT * ASSOC. HM477 
'MOVE IN KOW 

 ozy 3-1. FerKPd, drapes, air, $165 o. Near WorKJerJand 
CALL CUHHA REALTY 653 MIT orlneost 3 bodroon-.i, 1V» balh, oY, a-iB<?r *=ntcd. J1&S mcn1hr Others, 
" -rtcy Hoally <53 o55o 
LfF£'S A PIBA:SL/R'E 

 n Ihls Tovcly 3 bedroom, 2 bath, vllh double pnroge, -Air ccnlral 

 arpetrng, e'en polio, c1c. Ck^e to enrvti and golfi 5255 mo. OcLcnc 

<i c k I a n"d^rco~3 bcdroonwT"!-: 
Blhs. Rwccoralcd. iUS-%165 mcnlh. 
TERRY KEMP REALTY C7S-1IS1 

LACKLAND KELLYAREA" b e d r o o m , gafCQt, tcnrralolr b e d r o o m , tjarone, cenlrol cfr rH5o, N5 sc>-.(»1s S16o Mo. 

74-o137 MUSKET REALTV (,73-y lean Z betfr&grn house. Air condl oned co/po-1, storeroom by Klvcr dc Goll. J1CO, water paid. Bus 

 w a s h e r , cor.nccltonj. AtijlH. LE2 

539, 

 cngc, fcfrl 

 leqnL1J». 2 
'ARK"VILLAGE 3 b e d r o o m 
Mlh, llovc end dlipajol we 

Ulanco TO elementorv school. 

I24OJ?| «r IS3-4JIO 

DfiAMfE OWfKS 

OPEN HOUSE) 
NEW TOWNHOUSES, Open l-5pm 
SaF.&Swn. Luxury 2 bcdrm., 1 ba!lx hag ccrpct, r»lr> all oleclrfc klldien rapes & patfo lor rent. I4J2I Pf 
:o'.!aw Dr. «S3 35oo or 344 o77J. 

5AK PEDRO HILLS 
OMroom duplex, 17oo ^q, U. Co. 

 ict, drapct, UUIII^ rocm, cqulpp< 
Itctien, fenced yard, patio. 

RALPH ARMSTRONG CO. t?4 i?3 

S e v a r a l 3 bcdroem homes n«v 
Lackland. 
Some wilh appliances ith air. Jl?o tp. 
712 BROWN 8r ASSOC. 67J-M77 

1J PALM': Ttxirocm duplex, al 
Q--agc. V/aler paid. 73a-7«3 ohe pm. . 

CHOfCfT RENTAL 

HARMOHY HtLLS J STORY 

 loct 4 Ixoc bedrooms, ftcdccor 

 oted, corpefcd. Ho pels. Rent or buy 

- 
' 

LOU 'PORKS 
Jorlhtasr 3 bedroom, ? bolh, cw ered polio, oorage, ilovc $18o n 
OOtheriDeLan el Really 6U-o55o 

"-mrVoj oTn'Hijsr'ft^oVu c»er 6pm k weekends. 

Renl-OfiTion To Buy 

J.t:. 3-2-5, 2Sxf| Den, «<my Elxtrc 
- 
POGUE. 

, 
HOUSE FOR RENT. 
I J Slreel 
3JJ-1B63 

BEST SEfi^TIONS 

Choose from over 7.ooo rentals cr ale hom-i. Comnuterlrcd Mil In or tost jervlce, 474-W2o. 

BOB fOSTER 

ICE 71U Frcderkkthurg R 

T*T Inflation Fighter 
1 bedroom djplex oil wood ponele new «r>dillon; all decide klfeh ttttn a\iM-,ol, ronoc, refrla.; ulill! rcorn v/flh washer & drytr coflrKC lloni; In Convene r-ear RorxJofc.1 

Purnlihctj'er VnlJnalihed 3 beii/ooi 
1 both, comer lot, fenced, btt, t 

Just rfattt for yo</. 3 ttcdf&jnis, 
:olht, cenl'cl lieal-alr, built I enced. J?VS mo 
Renl or leaic w 

 opiron to buy. Co!) todny while 1 ilJII available. IJJ-6^||. CamtHi gtolly_ojnnjir | p.m. 
3 bedroom, s!oveT~refrlrj., feTici 

INSPIRATION HIU.5 b^droam duplex. olKtrlc kMcher 

 c«ntral heal atr, leneed. Crivolc pec end Tennis me/nlwrfcWp. lain & co. 

435-7797 

For Rer,t j biBcx, MovedcK El 

LUXURY GARHEN HOUS lo 3 btdrosm 1 bold, llrefil<x.e, lor 

 rrwl d nlntj or^f brcof Olf Oreo, [x 
^icy polio anrl aultxriflllc oorog< 
*»rv Leon «zs mo. X(-K?l. nii< 

LUXURY DUPLCX-/ID 

Lo/ely 3 tfortr flupi«, tic School ce^lrol hwt, air, 3 bttfroom, 7 bo vfttfaifi, living roonv <Jlnl«a roon ba!/i ana oil tMcklc, HUhtn. Corp* 
Ihru oul, tmoll fenced bocV vnr yard malnlointd, woler pn'rj. ko 
"V'll- "^ « nionfh. t'AtY/1 l7irrheoit. 4.i-X*"pVrv(x/finc«~1cr l/ol Air end h«it. OiHIMAl, CWlC 
MIIMovy boiei. rile.* nilonborlw- t?|o. 6M4M/ ofltr r^.-n weekday 
(j=l do'^wcckanli. 
_^ 

Oo'vVu won'ftft reni~or~T>uy"o"3"j bedroom Mmi wilh 1,7, or 3 Ixilh 
•Jin, cenlral r*al olr, bull I Int. o 
MH/ fln'.irf. IllOtlfS rt». Coll ft tor rnsr< In1«/niat(ofl. 

INTERSTATE: HEAL KSTATH 

HOALTORIMLt |7*CJi5 

 miii; 

:aclwji 4 bedroom, ) tMlh, l*nc« 

 s-ft sloddcd yofd. Near U Loop 41o 
" DEVAULT & ASSOC. 
W Military Dr. M MOT Stan 1W 
:<-7HO AM EN CA REALTY MI-ttTi 

 ipado-ji rocnis. All central urJ 

 cnced, oarao*. *1W. 7ii'4iSS. enlal Bureau 41o1 Jon Pedro, Ftj 

EXTRAS 

!/« can provide extras such m it, te{r\g.. dlshsvaiher, corp 
.„ central olr, or 4 bedroomi nd: 2 balhi, paneled dtns, do-jli iragc. $liO to $KQ mo. 69S-OOJO. 
BO'BFOSfieR REALTY 

1 off Cglebro Rd, t»£> mo. 

American Realty 
22<-f*77 

ALAMO HGTS. 

 uxury lorE?e 2 fcedroom, separahr 

 f>lnf) room, corpel. drape*. J225 tis. McCkKXlhon eH-8417, «3V«.94 

 n 1 acre In Hollyv^Dd Park. 2AOO q. II.. 3-M wtlh tDr.ui room, con xi 4ih tj«cfoanij fLrepJcKC In den 
375 mo. 
CALL CUNHA REALTY 
653-4111 

O'AK 
FORREST 

 ovely 2-t o^A den in l&p con enlrol alr-liwl. JUS mo. 
H-IWi. 

PH'ARR-WEeMS 

 fmmedlattt Occupancy 
OlrMHIr nK< 1 Lx<lioc«ii I batti, ulry canMkd, llovc/ covert^ |^o!Jo. 
CIM lo Fl. Son- Bui. <IU 
AIM cul, 3 bedroorri 1 tolh, o'r. coipeT, ilove, rtlrlocfoloTi sit!. 

 iu-;w us U 

NEAR M E D I C A L CENTER, 32, 
<arp4led, ccntraT ullllllti, olw clfl- dency opflttm*nl. Coop!# or family pr«terrcj, i»-»M orjP»W(l. 
I r«wn unfyyn »pl, f«b Employed cxmptff. *M S. Josephtue Tobln Dr. 

From 
. *I 
. 
, 1-3 bolhl, No chorpe 13 Un< 

 d. HOMUFINDERS 
, 

SraB.?r?;^^5Cr^.[fl^Wr<lrloh 

BILL OODGEN 

COLCXJIES NORTH, both, t3oo ntcn 

\Vilshlre Ter ri, (crae utility 

 room, corporl, fer«e<J yard, ulln 
KHi of ireev II. E. ScJw»!s Waier p^rf, JttS piui <SQ drpostl. iM-frJlJ 

NO CASH DOWN TO ANYONE 

LEASE • PURCHASE 
F1nl 5 ma.iliit rent poy» «U the dowji payminT «n a brand MW 3 or 
4 bedrcomi 2 bolh, Kor hwn*. C«a- 
Irnl cfr, ell bvlll-toi, corp«ts end 
1o m* (lr*ftoct*. Homts and rovrji rMniii. S1K nienm and up. Here's your chancel Movi In lodoyl Coi: 
Bruc» >|gftnrnin« 
' 

. 

V A C ' A N T . Airrotuve 3-iv». near school, stove, retilgeralor, 117o, 

COOK CO., REALTORS 

115 BIKINI. Three bedroom, cent/o1. air. Fenced, ronoe* necr Ft. Sam, yard kepi. SliS, phane S24-7S31. 

HQUICJ, R* 

 or Sell 

LF COAST RKALTV 

342>6187 
82B-454S ' 

Bedroom, Fenced yard, carport, 
Kir alrpsrfr 4]<o a me nth. Alter 5: 

816 ZACHRY 

 ackland-Metfina Bate, 11, carport, 

 ley air. fo^c, redecoraled, 514o. 

W.MACULATE 3 b e d r o o m hc:.._, cnoe, r«lrtgoralor air. Convenient t. Mary's Univ., a.-.Q Southwest Re- earch. 4143 per mo. 

BOB POSTER SK-CWa 

'INDSOR. 
SQUARE- 
3 bcdreomi, 
/i 
6alh, pciio, central air, a.-.d 

 oal, slove rcf r fgora Ea r, and dish- washer. 

Ill Uf] or U1-43M 

•DBAKIE 

_. nve n^wit lo Ft. Sa 

•xJ Ror.doJph. C-'can 3 bedroom, 2 
»lh, Jorge den, comolslely carptt- 
<;, ce^^lal heat atr, 1215 mo. 

PHARR WEEMS CO. 
H-MOt, 

'orrheaitr new 3 bcdrojm, ratio olf 
.-TJlly rooai. 71// ftalh, ccnjra? off, 

- 
__ 
___ 

ILS'MIKE TERR ACErV2.i~cc riven. ent lo Ft, Sam, schools, skopp'.na. 
\T5 monlfi ^- sitO deposit. 
OE CHAPMAN. Roollw 
I7S-OS56 

OL'E'A'N 

 have the (In«t rcnloli In town. 

 och orvo of our hani?s is 1horo-jgh* 
1 clctmcd nnd ln««clcd 

CALL *r*-M?o 

BOB ro'STER REALTY 

Oj^lCEJUt Frttferlchibvrg Rd 

NORTHWEST 

-•or the beit icnlal service Ir, North- west SOTI Annioto. Call QoU Ko&ter's 
"rodoflcsburg Rd. office, 67&OC7o. 

BOB FCfStrrft RE'ALTY 

KDTAN~CREEK, toW»,o-jse, 3~bcd~- cam, c e n t r a l air-heal, pc1i 
<nce, ranoc. ConvenTenl Lackli 

 fear Bobiock fc Lcop J1o, 3 bed- oom, 2 botii, screen porch & gar 

JEAR RANDOLPH, 3 bedroom, : jotft, cofitral air, corpet, rang^ one 

Cornell I-Park Village. 3 bcdrconn i'r cond-Uonca'. only 1155 nw. Her 
.amber; Co. lOSt Auit^i Hw/. 126- 

T REDECORATED • 

713 E. 
Elmfro. Centrally located 
S p a c l o i / s 
5 rm. house. 
2 

 i GLEN BRIAR, 4 end | ...$11o 
' FRIDELL, 3 and 1 
S1U 

«1o REDSTONE, 3 and T/i ...J113 
""" TURNER REALTY MJ-iO 

, clccn 3 bed 
- rcom ham P. 
Immedlnla occupancy In this 3 bcd- 
•^om, hsm*, cenlrcl |-.cal, range 

 ihwashs-. Coll to s*e It now. 

INTERSTATE REAL ESTATE . 

REALTORS-MLS-III-o75S 

(Opcm 7 ZQ^ja vreek \:t 1p.m.) irifii-jii'fiM^s:''relrlf 

4111 
7J7-I934 

FANTASTIC locaUovi Tn lovely nelnh borhcod, walking dlsionce to /Jor) 
Srar Moll ond Ce.^lral Park. 3 bed 

>omj, 2 balhs, den, <ioub!e oa/ 
:nccJ yard, polio, S27i mo. 341- 

 ofler S p-mr 3<MSS7, 

 ouse for re.il, rear McdkaTcenleF 

Lg. 4 bedroom, 1 ba\t\, on 3 acres 
?« no. dW-39J8. Mike Lee Brur- 
Rfol Ettate Orofcgr. 
^_ 

 rcwrnh(i'jie%, 2-3~"h«Jroofns, 116o-1 
-.»., elec. kitchens, air, 6W UM. 

BILL DODGEN 

Move rlf>il inro ihls lorce 4 bed roon^, 2 belli, den, built Ini, crtrpcl ccnl/ol h<o1-alr, f.Tcplccc, HSO mo 
Rcnl cr lease- wilh opt.on to buy 

 an Vo!J«y oreo, J tcd/osm, 

 and txn« 

 twa" Vair7y,"L^lu7r> 
"' duple*. 
Sfove, 

2 betlroon . 
. 
, rM'ilo, dhh 

 shcrj, dropcs, Icncctl. 

. Mi-3171. 

S.E. 
2 bctfroomj, fully ccrpcrce 

 cenfrol heal A air. fenced, r.ear bur 

LUXU«Y~b"UPLEX~r7w~3~D<d7Mn 
I'/i balh, carpeted, flrcpfact. built I klkiw/v^pMvaty .^enec, X.aid__ken 

~?AMELOT 
7 Ffomei, 3 becfrcfMni, 2Vi bcthi, car oorcfic, NE ichflcll, oood Toco lion, kaso uso ond «oo per r - 
6H-3SW. r»i1ej AiS-2751, 4SS-91M. 

ROESB^HBMRY, REALTOR 

3 htdroomi, 4 bed/com i, tenlroi" 

BtLL D'OD'GlW' 

5AH fEORO HILLS HCAUTY. bedroom 2 both, ca/o<led Ihruau moiilve ilnoJe living oita kvJth fin. 
P'oce. S(K>nli»i jMing wltti air unt i&rne oprH-cnc*i. 11 So per 
. 
SOB FOSTER 4«- 

Rd. Very riTce rock" 

 bedrm., ? bolh, torno llvln*| rrn 
Mreplace, dtn, fenced yard. Cloio I ew*rylhlng. »». JM-1oP, 3<J-3?o?._ 

WGL'COME TO SAH APJfdnio , 

RenlolrfJaVc Ifo.Tni. 3 year warra ly plan in Quc-bocl; homt, Cn.:jlli« 
»HW Rrookti Fl. Sam, Kelly, l.ot fnrvl, Rnndol|rt, II ouliMe San Ant rJo call colled SI3I»«75S. INTP 
STATC Rem Cltntt, II* tlU. L«o 
411, $on_ Anlonlo, Tflxerr Il»t. 
VoconT, ftHS-fl«tffent orcoN-fTi?" 

MOUTH LOOP IMC., RGALTORS 
-_ _ ___ ._ 

S 
HDAR M R O ' l C A L CCNTCn 
^•mlrtfj 3-7- ?, famli/ rooii, offvfl c/ ftnee, »1ov«/ air, VA>PMAr 4V rto-/.n. Conventual. Ttrnt will Irate 
"*7^*!L.*AYME- *L*TCJ? ?"•» 
COLO ri«rcX 
FrVrfeh' pFsvlncIa 
? balh l.amr vrii 
] btovoom la-nilynxwn. and olr. * 
. 
•OB rosin* IK-»;I 

$2o-$5o DEPOSIT 

2-3-4 bedroomi, some 

 wilh irove, refrigerator, fenced. Most areas. $7o..- and up. Habtarr.oi Eiponol 

TERRA REALTY 

J27.HSI 734-75*1 73(-7tll 

* $5o DEPOSIT * 
'3 or.d 4 bedroom horcj in! moil oie<n. Flam $75 mo." 
|ond up. Eqi/oi Hou^ng Op- pwtvnUy. Hob la mo i Eiponol 
. 
PETE POSTOL_O_S 

L224-2737 
736-o422 

- l e s only. Ctose to town/il rboi.. nd txilh. J48 Pace Street. CA7-W75 oc Oonzalet.. 

Room*, Furnished 

[tractive, clean, rulvai*, bedroom 
»1h, g!r, car space. Coll alter i 

 fe crtlrancc, Jelfe/scn VlllarH- 

 o n v e n J e n t lo colleacs. Medico thool, air. bills pd., ?36-SMS allcr 

 and weekends 

T U R E WOMAN 1o shore my 
.. Near Nw1h S1jr Wall. Ren rwble. 
References exchanged 
J 
__ 
___ 

Nogalfloir oaraac- "room- iHenwn, tills paid, SSO rr. 

 rlvale nefirooni lor worklr-n • n Hn NE. licmc. Klklien privl! 
MJ926, 

* an LEWIS r I v o t e room, kiichtn 
CW 5AC. Call 222-1o39 

Roomi wilh Board 

FIRST PAYMENT IN JUNE bedrooms, appliances, a'j", gcranc 

•3 down Sffl closing. 
9*7433 WAYNE SLATER 
3417415 

WOOOLAWN, 931 W. Hmplo/ecf me 

 r atudenli. ptione ?33-7\». 

57S-5»i MONTHLY. 3 Of 4 bed 

 room homes, WO deposit will hold, 

4» WAYNE SLATER 
73&-5M 

Want to Rent 

 orIcaso 

2 bedroom o 

 rj ^.yaiclon and family rvcc 

 kirtjo house- to rcr;l In MCdlm 

Denier area. Ju'v occupcncy. 6« 

QUICK 
CASH 

Is by selling your uso- ablo, but no Tongor- noodod Horns with a 

WANT AD 

DIAL 225-1666 
CLASSIFIED 

AD. DEPT. 

EXPRESS 

WANT ADS 
KEEP THINGS 

GROWING 

Need now farm 

 equipment? 

Old farm 

 equipment 

 repaired? Find • 

 what you need 

 for more 

 productive 

 farming in 

 today's 

Want Ads. 

A 2 line ad for 1o days in the 

• Kxpri'^s HIM! Nrns only cost $5.94. So call now 

225-1666 

 fTlake 
Lhappen 

 lt;s so easy to exchange those household items you no longer need for cash! 

All you have to do is dial 225-1666 
We'll help you word and place a low-cost ad telling the public what you'd like to sell. 

You can make it happen today! 

EXPRESS 

CLASSIFIED 

ADS 

WANTADS 

KEEPTHINGS 

SELLING 

Is your offer 

 before the 

 hundreds of 

 people wilh 

 cash to buy 

 wlio are 

 reading the 

Want Ads to 

 discover where 

 to spend it? 

Don't lose 

 sales ... 

And the ad cost so liMlo . . . 2 linos, 

1o days in tho 
EX I'R ESS- and NEWS 

 for $5.94 . . . Coll 

225-1666 

Why honq on lo lliojo 
, 

 voluoblo iloms around your homo which you no longor use? 

••You can exchange Iliom for 
.caili so oosily. Just dial 
225-l66o. We.'l||,o|p you . word ond place a low-cost' ad tolling Iho public v/hol 
.you have (or lalo. 
;WI,y don't you turn It looso 
'today? 

EXPRESS-NEWS MINI PACE, SATURDAY. APRIL 1 3. 1974 

Animal of the Week: 

The 
Indian 
Rhinoceros ™ 

There are only around 

6oo Indian rhinos left in the wild. They are hunted for sport and because some people believe that their horns have magical powers. Their skin has no hair, but the horn is made up of hairs pressed tightly together. 
The rhino in this picture has had its horn removed. 
Adults live alone. The babies stay with their mother for two years. They eat grass and reeds. 

(Photo courtesy The Smithsonian Institution) 

Rhyme 'n TimeTA 

Finish each sentence with a word that rhymes with the underlined word. 
1. The cat 

2. The frog sat on a 

6. The clown is 

7. A mouse is in the 

3. The wall is in the 
S. The pig- is 

4. The pot is 
9. Poor Dick is 

5. Put the fish on the 
1o. The pet is 

Suggested answers: 

o1 
Siq -g 
UA\OD -9 

 ypis -g asnoq ~i qsip -c- ip3q -g 

5o1 -5 

-j; 

Try 'N Find:" Soccer Words 

Soccer words are hidden in this block of letters. 
They run across, down and diagonally. See how manv vou can find. 

A R E F E R E E B S 
THROWINOHO 
C G I R D L H M A C p 
M O E W L U S K X C ^ 
F A T A Q S C O R E 
U L B R A Z K V M R 
L I V-D RPPUXC 
L E G K U L SFQO 
B J L I N E S M E 
A Y R C V 4 A R G E 

Answer block 

. 
K E L G R B L O C K 

36 

What Would You Do? 

Everywhere you go, your little brother follows you around and bothers you. You have some home- work you have to finish. What would you do? Talk it over with your parents and your teacher. 

 readers 
E spe.c\G u^ 
-for 

Distinguished Achievement Awards Winner 1973 

S"?3 iifs 
M 

SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1974 
By BETTY DEBNAM 

S©ccer Is A Simple And Super Game! 

Soccer is ti trame of action. 

Soccer is called football in 

 some countries. The object of the g-arae is to kick the ball through a goal. O n l y the 
GOALIE can touch the ball with his hands. The five FOR- 
WARDS lead the attack and usually score the goals. Three 
HALFBACKS help the for- wards on the offense and de- fend the goal on the defense. 
The main job of the two full- backs is to try to defend then- goal to keep the other team from scoi-ing. 

Soccer is the most popular sport in the 

 world. It is THE BIG SPORT in just about 

 every country, except the United States 

 and Canada. 

Soccer is a game that everybody can 

 play. You don't have to be a certain size. 

No fancv uniforms are needed. The action f 
*• 

 changes so fast that there are no set 

 plays; you have to be creative and think. 

It's excellent exercise, since players 

 usually don't stop playing, except for a 

1o-minute half-time, or if there is a foui 

 or bad injury. 

I-H-I 

This shows how teams line up before the kick-off that starts the game. 

Girls make very good soccer players and play on the same team with boys. 

EXPRtSS-NEWS MINI PACE, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1974 

April Puzzle-le-do ™ 

1* 

1 
5 

3 

1 

1 

Answer Box 
ACROSS 

 auiqs •{- 

 uns -g 

S3uu[d 'z 

I 

 r»o\ 

So. 

4- 

DO 

.1 

S 

I"J 

VN 

1 

WN 

7 '8 

UIBJ 'i 

 i3A\o[; '9 sssa; -o i^aeaq •£ 
1 

 feMBBi 

! 
1 

^ 

DEBNAM 

ACROSS 
1. Caterpillars turn into 

2. They grow. 
Z. It is in the sky. 
4- The sun does it. 

1. It means very pretty. 
5. They blossom in spring. 
6. April showers bring May 

7. Showers. 
8. It comes this April. 

Cornrow Hairdos Are In! 

The little girl at the left is wearing a eornrovv hairdo. It takes about an hour and a half for her mother to plait her hair in rows very close to her head. 
This hairdo will stay in for about three days. 

A GOALIE defends his goal. Only one point is scored if the ball goes into the net. Most soccer games have very low scores. Some people do not like this fact about the game. 

Soccer Words 

Heading—Hitting the ball with your head. 

Tackling—Using the feet to get the ball away from an opponent without tripping him. 

Passing—Kicking the ball to a teammate. In most cases, this is done with the inside of the foot. 

Heeling^—Kicking the ball with the heel. 

Goal area—The area in front of the nets. 

Goal kick—This kick is taken by the defending team when a member of the attacking team kicks the ball over the goal line, but not into the nets. It is kicked from inside the goal area. 

Corner kick—This kick is taken by the -offensive player when a defensive player kicks the ball over his own goal line, but not into the nets. It is taken from the corner of the field. 

Touchline — The lines on each side of the field. 

Linesmen—The two officials that stand on each sideline or touchline and decide who gets control of the ball when it goes out of bounds. 

Referee—The only official who goes onto the play- ing field. He enforces the rules, keeps time, penalizes and suspends the players. 

Throw-in—The way the ball is put back into play after it goes over the touchline. When a member of one team kicks it out, a member of the opposing team gets to throw the ball in. When he does this, he must keep both feet on the ground and hold the ball over his head with both hands. 

Drop-ball—The way the referee sometimes puts the ball back into play by dropping it between two op- posing players. 

EXPRESS-NCWS MINI PACE, SATURDAY, APEIL 13, 197< 

Super Super Sport: Pele 

Pele*. a soccer star from 

Brazil, is one of the world's greatest athletes. He has been called Brazil's greatest natural resource. In order to avoid the crowds of fans, he sometimes has to be taken to the playing- field by helicopter. Pele is the world's highest paid athlete. 
He has other interests. He is in the construction and rubber products business. He also likes to write folk songs. 
He was so poor when he was growing up that he could not afford a ball. He would practice soccer by kicking a grapefruit or sock filled with sand. 

Mini Jokes 

YOUR 
LEG 
IS 
SWOLLEN^ 

GUT r \N QUID N'T 

A6ooT 

Whai is Superman's harik'st job? Rcnicmbering which phonp 

 booth he left his pants in. — From Christie \Vicdcrstcin, S3a 
Castleereck. 

What is the bipscst nut in the world? siANT. — I'rom Ev<- 

Allen. San Antonio. 

How can you add 1o In 1o and still ^ct 1o? Put on ;-!ovcs. — 

Kroni Evelyn Fcingold. 12o Trillium. 

How do you make hair dancr? W'iih a hair band. — From 

Catherine Vaughton. 251 Galnay. 

When is a banana sunburned? When it peels. — From Anjie 

Nnel Rogers. 5o2 Sliinnicl PI. 

Why does the moon so to the bank? To change its quarters. — 

From Rex Thompson. Corpus Christi. 

Why do birds fly south? Because it is too far to walk. — From 

Andy Quiroba. Uvalde. 

Ifcy, kids. Draw or write your own Mini Joke and send it to the 

Mini" Paso, Express-News', PO Box 2171. San Antonio, Texas 

7S22I. . 

ADVERTISEMENT 

ORDER Mini Page Joke Books 

• 15o of your favorite Mini Jokes 

« 6o are illustrated 

« Teachers, order a set for your reading groups! 

BEST JOKES 

FROM 

THE MINI PAGE 
1 

Yours NOW for only $1.oo, 

Plus 35c for 
I 

 postage and handling 

Sekcted o«J 
' 

Please send me . 
. books at SI .oo each 

 each lor postage and handling. 
Mail !o: MINI PAGE Publishing Co, Inc. 

 c/o MSC Features, Inc. 
P.O. Box 5399, Grand Central Station 
New York, New York 1oo17 

 plus 35 c 

ADDRESS- 

 e an a n n g 
, 
C-*TF 
. 
. 
.IIP 
_ 

*.eeks for delivery! 
L 
. 

Word-a-ma-jig, 

How many "ot" family words can you find? 

Answer 

 ideas 

 aods •}; 

How many "at" family words can you find? 

Answer 

 ideas 

18J 'S 

What's Wrong Here? 

1 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

First Jesus & Moses., 
Now Mohammed's Turn 

But You'll Never See His Face 

Not Quilc Touching 

' °s 
Jay Ga,sby in ,he movie of F. 

Ul to 

 e Great Gatsby9 

Uy Kim White 

FINE ARTS 1-DITOR 

F.Scot I Fitzgerald's1 

 novel about "careless people...leaving other people to clean up the mess" has become a careless movie. Bui there is HO one to sweep up after it. 

SliowiiiK "1 Mio Nui-lh Siiir 

Cinema and Century Simlli, 
"Till' Groal Ctilsby1'' tiijiki-s loss of ;in iilleiuiit [<> c.';i]>lmx- l-'il/.Kenilrt's view of lliu ini- moral rich limn lu convince the iiiulk-nc-i-. "dec, isn't all [Ins decadence .simply Kr;imll" 

The film opens wilh llui 

 camera pt-uwliiiK iilHiul Hie lo|) of Jay Calsljy's dresser. 
.cl'i]ipings ' iilxnii 
Daisy 

 liui'liitnmrs social life, a pliu- l<Wai)li iif hi'i1, muiinuramined hiusho.s. . .all diffused thruii a screen tu add a riimantic, lovely citialily. 

Bui half the film is sliol 

 tliroinxli a screen. Iliyhlinhb i;li.sleii off spnons in a silver service and each teardrop 

Melal Sculptor 
Carl Watson, an artist from Stevensonville, wil demonstrate and sell his craft work at the 1 974 
Folk Crafts Festival Satur- day in Fredericksburg. 

 vilhniil discrimination. Tin- crccn even tries lu make. leiiiUifiil a long lingering shut 

>f a table covered wilh gelatin niilds. 

 llcauliFut, expensive homes, 

 fieauliful,. expensive cars. 
Heaulitul, expensive clothes. 
This is nut Finl/gcrald's story dissecting (lie tragedy uf wealth. It is 11 niuvie wallowing in (lint wealth, enjoying it as much as Daisy ami Galsby and their money-drugged friends did. 

Rich Characters 

And if director .lad; Clayton 

 does not hnow how to handle the trappings of wealth as 
FilxgL-rald saw them, In- is no more' sum'ssfii) in handling 
Kil/t'erald's weallliy 

 characters. 

Uulrert Ucdfiird, wlm dues 

 hiok rifjhl fur Ihe role of .lay 
Ciiilshy, seems more lust in his cliaruclur tlian Cat.shy was lost in society. 

Itedford aels like he feels 

 fuolish in Hie movie, iryinj; lu project Uatsby's all-coiisiiining love for Daisy, but instead seems like a scluxilliuy wilh a tiard crush on the eliuei'leader. 

He says "eld sport" like he 

 reali/.es il is an affectation 
(something Ciatsby nevei knew), and is less a fiynre nf mystery than ef eonfusinn. 

 liedford never justifies Hie 

 judgment made hy iN'iek, Hie narrator of Ihe novel and film: 
"(lalsby was wurlli Ihe whole damn Inmeli put luKiMher." 

And Mia Farrow, as Daisy, 

 never seein.s to justify (Jalsby's great passion. 

Looking like a slightly 

 fleshed-over skull and talking ill Hie manner nf a senile el- derly wuimni. Farrow fails li create a character that 

 explains why (lalshy wmild lo\ 
-e her. 

Dead Bird lOmulion [o her is inlernipl- 

 iiiK a ('ouvei'.salhm and riinn nff as thuiiKh she .suddenly had 
In gi) In the ladies' room, m crying into Galsby shirts as an indication of liuw moving b their love. 

Direclor Clayum linudles Uu 

 mnvie wild a similar luck, n suhlk'lv. 

 anniiuiices Hie 

 hieh (lalsby watched as miigli il were a beam from 
I'iivcn — failed'lu go on-one ighl, Clajtun makes the sym- itlisni painfully clear by eul ng lu a shot of a dead bird ashed up on (he shore, 
When Galsby and Daisy art 
.•united after eighl years, thej each nut lu ((inch each other. . tie music swells, the hands raw closer, (lie camera dtillies i, the music swells niore, Hit ands gel nearer, the stomacli urns. 

Bruce Dern as Daisy's hns 
.ind Turn is interestingly vul 
:ir, impatient and erratic. Am 

•>am Watcrslon as Niek doe; eem, as Fitzgerald intendei lirji, a imjiiieni (if rad'onalily ii world uf distorted values. 
And when Wnlerson is read 

UK FiUgerahl's prose, there i i memory of the novel and a lint of what (lie movie shnuli lave been. Unl il is imi enough 
.certainly nol enough lo inak 
•Ciiilsliy" great. 

El Chico Special 

Easter Sunday Menu 

S2.9S 

SAl.AII 

Slii:i«l riniiiippln wilh CotliiU'i ChuiiM: 

 r,mur,\'. 

» HiKisI liwnnl (if t;iuiira lleiil wilh llruwn SILIUIII 
'lliil-iul Hujiiir C.iiriMl H.un Sliu-s with Hnisin Same! 
• Onii 1 lii't »'ik«'l ChUlon nod Drnssiun willi KpiuMl 1'ftiK.h 
• l'rii!(l I'isli hlliUs with 'I'arliir Sauci: 

 lCt; OK TWll VKliKI AIII.K 

 lvLui! Tamils 

Wliipjird 1'nlulncK 
I tot Hulls iind Duller 

 tifssm 

(;lim:niiilu Suiulan or Rlrmvburry Suntlan 

DRINK 

Colfeo nr Ico Tun 

MIX TIIK MTTI.F CllimS 

Children !ii/.<> I'lirlliniii wilh Drink mill Dnunirl 

All Kl C;i»li:» Uuslnunnils 

Lackland 
Presents 
Comedy 

 lackland I.ilUe Theater ha 

 ninoiinced its play "Aimli 
Manic" will he presented Ma 
I. 1o. 15, lli and 17. 

The comedy will be preseu 

'd al Arnold Hall al Ucklan 

Tlu1 stiuw will lju pruvicwi- 

 uu [In- KI.UN-TV proKnii 
".San Aiiloiiiii I'nitilos" al !l:3 
.1.111. April 21. 

DJrei'lud by 1'i-lr 

.In: play will fualnri1 

Marlino iti (lie Lil 

Hilly Field III as her 
I'alrk-k Dc'iniis, and Liblj 
Dnlliiij,' as Vi>rii ClKi 

UiiM's in UK; pnidiiclio 

 iiifluik1 Jerry Klackvlcr, 'I'trr 
.Sardii, .Mm i!i(,'liain, T. ( 
Sinilli and SIL-VL- 1 
In. 

ASiOCIAIED PHCSS 

ROME-With Jesus 

Christ already a 

 uperstar and Moses he lawgiver 
911 

 clcvision, 
Moham- 

 ncd broadens the cumcnicai picture in 

 i film to enter 

 production soon, film ipurccs said here. 

Called "Mohammed, The 

Messenger of Allah," ific J7 nillion intenintional prodiic- ion carries the blessing and inaneial suppnrt of a number 
T Moslem nations, the sources aid. 
The production was con- irmed by the film's 

•screenwriter, Harry Craig, a 
"^-year-old Irishman who also vrolc the script For "Wa- 
.erluo." 

Craig said in an interview it 

 ook him more than a year to 
-•umplcle the 
Mohammed 

 screenplay: "Every page had to 
>e approved by more than one 
Moslem authority," ho said. 

Because Islam lacks a 

 universally accepted center, 
Craig said his script was scru- tinized by Moslem authorities al Cairo's Al Av.har University and the university in Medina, 
Saudi Arabia. 

Finances 

Sources said the film wilt be 

 financed by contributions from 
Morocco, Libya, Kuwait and 
Bahrein among other Arab na- tions. 

The Film will go into produc- 

 tion oil' location outside 

Marrukcsli, Mornixu, wlicrc a miniature Mecca will he built. 

 lint, In contrast lo .Jesus 

Christ and Mii.ses, Mohammed will never be scun In the film, 

 aiu said. This was in accor- 

 dance wllh a Moslem dojitna prohibiting images of Ihc prophet. Neither will liiere be his voice. 

"However," Craig said, "his 

 presence is fell." 

The script, according lo its 

 writer, deals with 

Mohammed's life from the lime of his call until his death, 

 taking place in Mecca and 
Medina in the 7th ccnlury. II will show 
Die struggles, 

 persecutions and war fare in the lime anil life of Moliamnifd and his followers. 

There will he no reference lo 

 any of Mohammed's wives, the scriptwriter staled. 

A film on Ihe life of 

Mohammed has often been discussed but never done, partly because of the Moslem ban nn even portraits bearing his image. 

Weekend Arts Calendar 

PtAYQPEWNGS 

JHIS W££K 

STPFAXING rONKJHF WtlH FtlFFtK 

AND MAY, Firil RepeMor/ Company, 

4-5455. Elaine May's "Adaptation," 

 a comic l;ealmenl of American life in ter/ni o( a TV game ?Kaw, and Julci 
Feilfer's revue sVelchci a-x/ living car- loons. 8:15 p.m. Sal. 41.9o, $2.9o. 

SlOV/ DANCE ON JHE KfUING 

GROUND, San Anton>a lilllc Irwalcr 
Off-Slage, 
735-6922. 
William 

Hartley's drama about a German shopkeeper, a young black men ond a pregnant ilfcel g'rl, 8:15 p.m. Sal. Call 
(or tfckel pricei. 

THE EMPEROR'S NfW CLOTHES, 

Plaza Dinner Theater Litlle People 
Pioducr.om, 224-1o26. Musical veil-on of Ihc ctii'drtn'j lale v*ilh kjnch. Noon 
Sal. Cal For Ikkct pricei. 

MUSIC 

SAN ANTONIO 
SYMPHONY. 

Theater for iKo Performing Arli, 
226-226°. Israeli violinist Pinchat 
Zukeiman is solciil. 6:3o p.m. 
Sor. 

$2.5o-56.5o. 

FfiMS 

THE MAGICIAN, Tifnitr University 

Chapman Graduate Cenler, 736-84o6 
2 & 7p.m. Sun. $1. 

KOREAN HIM NIGHT, Rood Runnei 

Recfoa'km Cenler, Building 2797, Fort 

Sarn Houiron, 734-6377." FiV.s ab 

 orco. 8 p.m. Sun. Fiae. 

AM'OPENINGS 

USAF ARJ EXHIBIT, 
San Anjonio 

Aweum of Tiantporlolion, HemitFoii lazo. PaViltngi dcp"nt;ng Air Force ao 
'vilies \iorn World War 1 to Spoce Age. 
o a.m.-6 p.m. daily trough July 8, 
Vdu'U 5o cenli, cti^dicn 25 cenli. 

1974 FOLK CRAfJS FfSTlVAl, 
Ad 

 liral Nimirz Center, FreaVrickiburcj. 
•elected exh'bil and dcmonstfoiicnt ol lying folk ciafti and arti. 1o a.m.-7 t.m. Sal. & Son. Free. 

REMEMBER 
SOMEBODY 

SPECIAL 

AT EASTER 

This Easter take that spe- cial person to Steak and 
Ale. 
She'll love Ihe ex- 

 cellent steak and seafood and the unique, friendly at- mosphere. This Easter Sun- day Steak and Ale will open at noon. 

WHERE EVERYBODY IS SOMEBODY SPECIAL 

2831 N.VV. Loop 41o 

341-7247 

Jim Blssonette, Inn Keeper 

€asitev 

 dinner 

 at 

/ 
'•••••••••« 

: 
Delicious food in a <je 

 tmbap 

 gfr George's 

ROMl Bllff£J/Sl!OBG»58oHO 

 l family 

EASTER SUNDAY BUFFET MENU 

 i. Criif lit t'.'ttf Fr.ei Ck!cku 3 Irk.tt f.tN-Lf.re" B*3M Sure 

 x cnriti.ii 

Special 
Children's 
Prices 

96931 SAN PEDRO 
344-4531 

(1 MILE SOUTH OF LOOP 41o) 

 to a"no vacation home 

 v;n:ng a Woodciecl'. lownhorne 

 k In thcbcoutifulWirnbcrley hlll- 

 counlry is like owning your own suile in a resort hotel. 
When you're ready for a 

. vacation or a weekend get- away, your vacation (own- 

 home is ready, loo. Because it's a "no homework vacation 

 t>ome. No need lo urony about aping..'. security .. .mainlen 

 ance or upkeep... because that's all laken care of. So you can relax, com pi Ete!y carefree, inthe 

 midst of Central Texas' mosl bo«iutiful JiilVowidy 

 doorstep to resort living 

AtWoodcrcek we measure distance in steps. Your tou/nhome Isjusl steps away from a rustic, yet lux- urious lodge with restaurant, club and sparkling patio pool. Steps away Irom Cypress 
Creek... steps away from an exciting new Village Center complete wilh amphitheatre, pictography studios, a horti- cultural center, a woodworking slwp.and extensive art and craft fa- itics. Steps away Irom superior Laykok surface tennis courts. Your golf course is just across the creek. These Wood- creek Country Cinb facilities ate in* tended piimaiily for the enjoyment" ofmembeisaimarclhcioEoieavaitoblcat minimum rates You could Eind these tilings anywhi-rc. Rut 
\,we chose to build our wealth of facilities here... in 
Ihc midst of ihe hlllcountry wilderness.,. ready ond waiting for a R£AL city get-away. 

Leave tlte hum drum Iwlilml! 

Carefree luxury in the 

 wildemess, it'a evident in each of our 2 and 
3-txidroorn floorp!ans. 

Galeenies, decks, brealhtakir.g lolls, and co/y Tii 

 the Loft Town home... 

The "Loft" (loorplan shown Includes a pri- va!e deck for each first floor bedroom and a balcony olf the second floor bonus guestroom. 
The huge iivlng room features a massive fire- place, a 5oaringbeamed 

 celling wilh a balcony from Ihc ovi'r-haiig'ng loft. 
1 he re are two ma stc r suiiei, each with its own private dressing room and ba!h. 

WGodcreckvacation tounhonicss!arlat$27.5oo wiili 9o% finor,cing available to qualified buyers. 

Models oj>cii twlay! 

Woodcrcek vacation townnoTr.e models ate open da:ly till dusk. 
You'll find Ihc diivc to Woodcreek relax- ing in itself. So leave I 

 ic city behind and 

 drscoverthc tiuly"nohome- 

 woik" vacation 

 lownhomesat 
Woodcrtek. 

Hroni Austin, take Highway 29o Wcsl, follow llic wyns lo Dripping Springs, (um lelton Highway 
12 (South) <il Dripping Springs and continue 

 on 12 until you reach Ihc Wood- creek enhance 
[on your right.) 
Just 2.8 miles north of Wim- tar'eyon Ranch 
Road] 2. 

Woodcreek 

Ai-.«l|..fr.l,-i,-l,i|i.iK-:i1orSivilh<-iu[..|.in.t& I 

Obtain HUD properly report from developer and read it before signing anything. 
HUD neither appiovestha merits of the offering nor the value, if any, of the property. 

The best of ev< 
Free gifts and San Antonio's 

DipoiIMn vour prtunl iccounl or open • niw «ccounl«nd i«c«l»» lh« 
Olflbolow.orrHjrchlM •tdr«illc»l!y rtducodpilcll. 

Mom 

PilchorSol 

Sorving Oven 

Plncnmal Sol 

CooH)ooli 

Prcowr 

Cnnuita 

$5o 

 tlcpoill 

Froo 

*SO o 

 dcpoill 

Free 

S2.oo 

$5.oo 

$1o.oo 

$1o.oo 

$1ooo cf o poll I 

Froo 

$4.oo 

$o.oo 

$IC.OO 

S2ooo depoill 

Froo 

$6.oo 

$14.oo 

$5ooo depoill 

Fro« 

$12.oo 

$1o,ooo depoilt 

Freo 

Oonus 
Oiler 

$5o 

 dopoill 

 price 

$3.oo 

$4.oo 

$C.OO 

$11,oo 

$1o.oo 

 pOAinurnonlZ'MONTH p«r annum or%l-UONTH 

 mnvmum $5 ooo irnorfttum $t ooo 

V.Ud 

7.79% 
7.25o/o 
&98°Jo 

All savings IN BY THE 2oTH EARN FROM THE 1ST 

 when left on deposit through the quarter. 

Liinil onoglll pnr (nrnlly. plonso. Non-innll.ihlo. Oltor good whilo supply Insls. 

Tho"Ever Ready™ 

Account featuring 

Sin Antonio's 

Hlghotl 

PaaibookRalel5 

BB 
4 

 pcrjnnum C(xnfKKjrvj«d ij 
FROU DATE OF DCNJI1T TO 
DAU OF WITHDRAWAL. 

5.92o/o 

Bexar County Savings 

13oo McCreless Shopping City San Antonio, Texas 78223 532-3136 

I.H.37at 41oo South New Braunfels 

I 

.Page T8-D 
'San Antonio E*PRESS.NEWS-$«ifuK>qyl AprH 13,' 1974. 

1:oo-4:15 
7:1o-1o:oo 
NO IAD. MAT. 

NO PASSES 

(PC) 

JONVOMHT* 

1.3o-3:3o.5.3o 
7:3o-9:3o (PO) 
UCtfT 

"fiAISIV" 

BARGAIN 
MATINEE 
EVERYDAY 
'TIU:3oP.M.> 

ALL SEATS 

$1.oo 

5:3o'8-1o:3oPM o Academy 
** Awards 

STREISAND 
&REDFORD 

 frondsfcdCoppob 

Express/News Want Ads 225-1666 
Kid \ " 
/Wonders 

12 
/of Aladdin " 

Vincent Peter Robert 
Price Cushlng'Quarry 

I lunri 
LAUKEl 

CHA81ES KHOX ROBINSON • TIM CCNSIDSI! 
DAVID WOSES-CtWiOlO MURTINEZ rpj_ in;.-:,=.,HISS IDAS CADLFIELO fi<" 

•-CKIIS" 12iOo.3tto.6i?o-9i3o 
•CINDY" Ii3i.<;(l-7iij 
11.<XJ'1112:oo1*1./SUN. 

2-FEATUR4S-2 
5 
ACXDWTAWAID 
NOMINATJONU 

"BEST PICTURE' 

Starring HARRIET ANMRSSON 

INGRIDTHLJLIN 
•IIVULIAAANN- 

IN 

^IGMAR BERGMAN'S 
CRIESAND 
WHISPERS 

 larry Caul will go anywhere 

 lo bug a private conversation 

GeneHcKkmon, 

"The 
Conversobon" 

Recount Confirmed 

SKCiUIN (Al')-ScKHln City 

Council I'YIelny nflcrnonii con- flnncit tlu^ recount In the mayor's race, with Mayor Al 
Kuebif retaining (lie [roslHon by 13 voles. 

'IV unofficiiil ri-siulls sliuwvd 

 wlimiiiH by seven votes 

 over Tom K. Gtubs, 1,o7o lo 
1.o72. 

(iil)bs ]iosle<l 11 $5o fee iiiul 

 asked' for u recount, Tlio rcc-aiiiit «'«s co;ii|)!(!led Krldny. 

Official results of llio rci'ounl 

 were l.USO voles fur Knob!}! and l,o67for(!itbs. 

THE BLOODY 

BUTCHERS! 

)'.HjV.iNiillF_niU 
IMIMI 

ISLAM) 

MtmcciW 

• 
• 1*1 

PIUS 2ND BIG FEATURE.' 

"THE 
CATLING 
GUN" 

Interstate's 
Galling Gun: 1:oo, 4:1o, 7:7o 
Terminal liland: 2:4o, 

5:5o, 9:o5 

Everyday 'til 3PM . .$1.25 

WINNER OF 

TWO ACADEMY 

AWARDS! 

"BEST 

SCREENPLAY 

FROM ANOTHER 

MEDIUM" 

"BEST SOUND" 

"IU.I/VTI F L I L I \ HI Ml \ I J 

THE EXORCIST 

 rsi 

Fic-nWj-«rErcS ^ 

 tAtki.iirRt.idMx,. Y 

Highlands High Goes 
To Drama Compelitioii 

A drumn jii'odiiL'llon by 

HlBhlnnrts IliKli Sclicol will represent District 29-AAAA ut tin' HcyUm •! drumn compel!- 
Ititn nuxl week, 

The sehnnl'.s proihivlfun of 

"Christopher Columbus" hy 
Mk'huel <le (Ilirldroilc \vill ho prusciitcil Wcdncsilny ;ind 
Thursday in Corpus Christ!. 

The iirndiicllon directed by 

Omrles H. Jeffries, drmnn in- structor itt Highlands, li.is also been invited to be ixrfoi mod ill the Inlcrnntiomil Thi'spum 
Conference in Muneic, !nd., this summer, H! the Lincoln 
Center of Performing Arts in 
New York and ut (icor^c 
.Washington University. 

The members of the 

Highlands Thespian Troupe 

 lire currently Attempting-to raise Ilic $3,ooo iieci'Nsnry 'to 
(iiiiiiu'i! the trip to tDe 

 conference. 

 f 
••* 

Persons inlercslcd in helpfiJK 

 finiincc the trip may contact the schoul's drama director )),Y' 

• 

Reg Struck" 

IO WASHINGTON STAR.MEWS " 

SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - A fuduriil 

 judKc here has struck down a 
Departmenl of Hrallh, Kdni-ii- lion and Welfare regulation llml allowed slate welfare ai to recoil]) overpayments. 

,TE XWC TO MMtlU MU-II'S HEW 

 the invisible fist 

*%enqeaticc 

VBWWBMMlCtoi 
.,«•»•—••• 
M>t< rft*F»t«( 

Girl* In tht World 
3D 

 tnMIOV1IK>N 

IN COLOR 
ADULTS 

ONLY 

Fill: ! 
. 
•tiUPB-H.OO 

International 

Pan Ihl 5ulpiK3i3~ I 
N« taitetn Mol'nM«J 

Lee Marvin-Gary Grimes 
Ron Howard • Charlie Martin Smith 

 as 

The Spikes Gang" 

—PIUS :ND HIT— 
IN IHEIRORIGtNAI, CAPER 

"THE DOBERMAN GANG 

— flUS 2ND HIT — 

"CINDY AND DONNA" 
"THE DEATH MASTER" 

7:oo-1o:oo 
(2.oo TILL 6 P.M 

S.W. Mil. Or. ot IH3S So 9J4-653I 
"GONMSIHf 
ROMAHCflHAT 
WASSODIVlHi" 

"HARRY IK YOUR POCKET" 
JAMES COBURN IRISH VANDEVERI 

1:IO-3:JO-5:3o-7:4o.7:!o 
__ 
SAH.KAI. T«12:oo 
FRRROLU *SUH®K 

 rlUi!Ali»IIPiDKO 

"SLAUGHTERHOUSES" 

MICHAEL SOCKS 1o:35 |R| 

OLMOitlMU: 

"IIGEB"! 1;OO-1:35.|:1O [ 
| 
^MOON"! |2t4o^15.tilQ ( 
WO ACADEMY 

AWARD WINNERS— 

TOGETHER!! 

W. Mil. Dr. cl IH35 So. 924.6531 
J:bo-3:T5-S:3o-7:4S-TO;oo 

Bar. Mo!, till 2:oo 

"AN ALL-STAR CAST BRINGS BACK THE 
HEYDAY OF BUCKLE, SWASH, THRILLS, 
SPILLS AND HAIRBREADTH ESCAPES" 

• 
FtayboyMagaiir.fr 

"jmMfiJK! 

A girl with a great following: 

Every cop in (he 

 state was after her. 

Everybody else was behind her. 
» 

BEST 
ACTOR 

JACK 

LEMMON 

BEST 

SUPPORTING 

ACTRESS 
Tirr pff/MOf nun nrnnroo 
I III OUUHIHHIW 

FOX C£NTRflLPflRKI 
^ **» » CIMIItlriltUN^rLMtFNTCl 
PAPU 

11:3o.|:?S.3:]Q.S:3S,MS.9:SO 
" 
S'W '^^.f!^^.^.,^' 

S.f. Military Dr. al loclivlll 

474-4446 uiiagnan el IMTMI K«. 4J4-M11 

 llchardClumhcrhlp 
MkhaclWk 
Ijye Dunamy 

. 
JsAramls asD'AcraRrtan asMllady as Cardinal Bkhtll 

2ND 
BIG 

WEEK! 

Wayne on wheels! 
'«. 1 ol l»p 41o 
. Dkl'kh »d. ol W W. Wh.t. Id I 41o 

734-739I 
461-4176 

THREE BOYS WANTED TO BE 

LIKE THEIR HERO, HARRY SPIKES. 

THEY GOT THEIR WISH. 

THEY'RE WORTH A FORTUNE 

DEAD OR ALIVE. 

ACADEMY AWARD NOMINEE BEST ACTOR 

Minyothh 

 fellow officers ccniitfer him 

 lha moi 

 dingeroui mm illve- 

:R honest cop 

Wilii 

STEVE DUSTin 

HOFimRD 

PflPILLOn 
Lee Marvin Gary Grimes 

JIM o1 "tUMMIl Of 41" 

Ron Howard • Charlie Martin Smitli 

NOW SHOWING! 

"Paplllon ... the 

 cxqulilto butterfly . . . he would live froo - or 
^t i" 

 not at all." 
CENTURY SOUTH 6 
REAM 
"IAST SUMMER 
"SPIKES 
"HARRY IN YOUR 
POCKET" )Qi3Q 

River Barges Shut Down; No Parts 
L*n nf (Ultl.nn.,1 j 
V>T 
' 
ShorlQKc ot outboard motor 

 purts due lo a strike at the fac- lory Is wising tcinpprory cur. 

' tnllmcnt 'of tor- 
.tain boat scr- pnsco 
I vfce.s 
I del Hid, 

I Por sonic Iwo jiiionilis workers 

Motor 
Corp., 

 parts manufac! ilurcrs for 

 lEvlnrmle, have 

 s e o e 
„. 

 which currently has' RlO 
, s 

M inoperable motors, conccs-i 
"Ion Mgr. Don Woods said. 

 woods nmiounccU no addl- 

'llonal charier or dinner boats 
•Mil Ic liuoked llirough lliu nionlb, 

 lour service will 

 continue, and the conces- sionaire win |ry io fuifin ;,|[ obligations on previously booked boats.*** 

On aboul May 5, River Roost 

STAR DATE 

ASTROLOGICAL DATING SERVICE 
™ 

-6923 

Turtle 'Creek 

Gallery 

 tuiiler New management- presents a NEW look 

 l\ amiiiaittf lat/ttliai: of/tut I'lll, cmiury oil M'IIII- lafisrfmtJfy 
KOJIEKTGOKDO.V. haiua«Ji«r 

 liar 1 1 of amtNforart arlis/i. 
Cnltpl framint— 

H'alti far am i/utial 
"Airar;; l/,c .-Irtiil" ttinitl 

Ihim: !2:3o-S:1V. 

963o 1 Data Point Drive 
696-Oi7l 

 lailjadiit in tlit Kol/iliami mi ll'nr:lijr/i 
KJ.J 

Your family will enjoy 

EASTER SUNDAY DINNER at the Sheraton-San Antonio 

•H- 

 r*r\ w< 

Served from 11 AM'til 6PM 

A superb holiday menu 

 including Appetizers, Soups, 

Vegetables, Desserts 

• ENTREES • 

Roast Turkey with Savory Dressing 

Braised Leg of Spring Lamb 

 with Mint Jelly 

Cattleman's Seafood Platter 

Baked Hickory Smoked Ham 

 with Raisin Sauce 

Boneless Roast Prime Rib of Beef au jus 

(children under 12', $1 /ess than adult) 

Sheralon-Smi.Xntonio 

 xMptoi'lnn | i 

14oo Austin Highway 

'111 be no more, and Caffo llchcllno will be in its place.. 
Uslnt! restaurant decor 

 yplcal ot "Old Ilaly," t|ic in- 
Idc will he divided Into small reas tlirouKli Ilia use of lattice rork and potted plants. i 

LlBhflng will lie almost 

Delusively by candles and BUS amps. 

Specialties of Ihe house will 

D Slirlmp Michellno, Kettuc- 

 clnc al Burro (bullcr sauce) and Steak Michclino. 

Music will be exclusively 

Italian, with a strolling gul- 

 lurlst performing Thursday llirotifjli Sunday nlglils. 
*** 

Tlie Cole High School band 

 will reopen the series of river band concerts for Spring. 

'ilicy will perform on Pasco 

 del Rio from 4:3o lo 6 p.m. on 
Tuesday. ,Ilm Cain dircels Hie 
oo-plccc marching band. 

Progress Nil 

WASHINGTON (AP) - No 

 progress was rcporlcd Friday 
In efforts to bring the two sides together In the Washington Post strike of reporters, photogra- phers, editors and commercial salesmen. 

SlOW DANCE ON THE KILLING GROUND 

FR1DAYV* SATURDAY, 8:tS P.M. SUNDAY 6iI5 P.M. 

APRIL 13* 1 3 ond APRIL 19-11 
SEATS $1 (HALF-PRICE FOR STUDENTS, 

MILITARY El -S, SENIOR CITIZENS) 

SAN PEDRO PLAYHOUSE 
RESERVATIONS 735-6922 

;San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Saturday, April 13, 1974 

Movie Sheriff Framed 
In Nashville Feature 

Pqg« 19-D 

'Diaije Westwood Twin 

HOLLYWOOD - Paramount 

Pictures has set -production for 
"Framed" lo slar Ifoc Don 
Baker, wlio rose lo fan*In' 
"Walkinf! Tall." 
; 

To lie shot on location in' 

Nashville, beginning May 1, Ihe film will be tlircclcd by Phil 
Karlson. 

Screenplay is by Mori 

Uriskln. 

BaRcr will portray 8 man 

 who won a fortune gambling, had the rii'qncy stolen and was then framed by Itie local police u f a small town. 

 flNTIOUES 
SHOVf-Sfl flPftll U-M 
RDM 

13i29.3s1o.liSS 
5i4o.7tai.9ilO 

 il.tW JiOO 

Callaghcm Twin 

JMELBDfWMfl THEATRE 11 

"Love Rides Th-e Rails" >*M 

Addod Feature Friday 
O^ V^ 

"The Wholeiome Junk Bond A Ke»ue" 

Fri. & Sat.: 8:1S p.m. 
$3.oo admission 

Sun.: 6:3o p.m. $2.oo adults $1.5o children. 

IN HEMISFAIR PLAZA 
MSHVAIIOXS: 224-4464 

[Colloghan ot Ingram I 
PACING 
SERPICD 

1:3o; 4:oo 
6:3o;9:oo 
$1. till 2:oo 

MATINEE S 

THRU 
EAStEB 
' 

1:oo, 2:5o, 4i4o,4:3o, 8i2o 

BIER, WIN!, SOH DMflH, POPCORK 
*V»n»6L[ Fo2 1PICIM P1KIOBMAHCIS 

TWELFTH ANNUAL 

SAN ANTONIO CHARITY 

HORSE SHOW 

 g cfoufli 
Hi.. «.d Fit. Cillil Sttl\i Hunt 

KilFkud iiikiii • Kidkii •ri * 
Pi:.J. HHIII. 

 in HARD DAYS NIGHT 

Sunday nite 8pm only 

 free popcorn ! beer 5o* bar drinks. 75* 

THE 

131 ft TBBBO 
BR 

'TIS OUT OF 
THIS WORLD! 

TECHTUOOLOR. 

TE<5HNICOLO«* tx»—'^«" 

'rOX""CIN£MAhi3o-ll3o 

 ai3o.3:3o-7i3o-9:3o 

941 BAHOERA RD. in 

HANDY ANDY SHOPPING CENTER 

(Ac.cn Fic-n Blrjiu Ct-,!u] 

FOR- RESERVATIONS 
&% 433-3881 

"AUTHENTIC SELECTED DISHES FROM EVERY PART OF CHINA" 

•^ OPfN 7 DAITJ 

Easter Sunday Lupper, an elegant buffet to enrich the Easter Experience. 
SUNDAY - 12 to 3 

PHONE 

344-6214 

Adulti $4.7S—Children *2.5o 

CMHU 

IUHCO RD i IOOP 41o 

STANLEY SQUARE 

,,,t VINCENT PRICE 

PETER GUSHING 
ROBERT QUARRY 

V IrHUiiHDTHRlUtR "DEATH MASTER"] 

Harry Gaul will go anywhere to 

 bug a private conversation. | 

His talents are 

 unequalled, j 

They've already been responsible for three murders.] 

"A" 
GeneHackman* 

-'lite Conversation- 

TCfUUrrrtI flD 
TECHNICOLOR 
Frarxis Fod Coppola 

WOODLAWN 
193o Frecleiicitiburg Rd 

735-5213 

CAP I TAN 

PLAZA DINNER THEATRE I 

Presents 

Children's Production 

"The Emperor's 
New Clothes" 

April 13, April 2o 
April 27, May 4, 

May 11 

Reservations 

Necessary 

224oo24 lunch & Show 

PbAZfl DINNER 
. TtjEATRE 

 frettnU Noel Coward 
WAHUVES 

SPECIAL! 

Sunday 
/- 

Holincesi Evening 

5 per person 

Dinner ond Show 

1 -Ouflrdtd lot. .-'X 

SAN ANTONIO 

SYMPHONY 

Viftor Alpssnndro. .Musical l>irof<or 

•WAGNER: Prelude io "Porsifai" 
MOZART: Concerto No. 4 o M:ijor for 

Violin ond Orchestra 

WAGNER: "Good Friday Spell" from "Ponifol" 
HANSON: Symphony No. 2 (Romantic) 

Sal., April 13,8:3o p.m., Th«atr« for thi Performing Arts 
Men., April 15, 7:3o p.ni-, Laurit Auditorium, Trinity Unlvmity 
"Mr. Guitar" Himself 

 saturdsy.apr. 2o,1974 municipal auditorium 

 liikdi: SS.5o, M.SO, 

14.oo, $3.5o,13.oo, S2.oo 
Albtrt Cowman, Conductor 

CHETATKIN& 

ABLE M MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 

Shirley Verrett, Mezzo Soprano 

NIMV Superslnr of itie Mctnipolitun Opcrn 

\n Conccrl witl; the Son Antonio Symphony Orchestra 

Vivliir Alrss-Jiiitlro, Muhiciil l)irrrtor 

Wondfly, April 29, 7:3o p.m.,.Laurlo Auditorium, Trituly UniveisUy 
Tuesday, April 3o, 8:3o p.m., Theatre lei Ihe Performing Arts 

SENSATIONAL 
SILLS! 

Dom'/clli's ^B new 

 n ftt rtx NrloimUi Arts ln'mj Tlck<l> $11, It.SO, $7.5o, SS.SO 

F*r tklttlt and n»«fvflll«ni, pW*M c*nrM l« D< caH 

S Y M P H O N Y IOX OFFICE 
6oo Htm l«Falf f IPIO Way 
.' 
( S I 2) 234-23*9 

San Ant«nlo. T»«.l 7(3o5 

DifTiJIy ktKlnd Cv^vin'lUrt C«nlif 
J\t kitfir* tttftt fntUtl frM lr««l>irf«l)»« 

 f> At %•!. fr>, Cuilril tar H< »«'"•'• 

 lot ay»tl«bl« (rom Akimo H«l«fctl N«tkiw1 tank, 
Pl.i.fv., C«> I14-V41! 

One beautiful man. His story is true 

:<I learned aboutbooks from the third baseman on my college baseball team who read 
Milton, and I learned about 
- 

 sex from the girl next door who read Havelock Ellis"" 
JONVOlGHTis 

S.W. Mil. Or. o1 1H35 So. 914.<>S3 

1 !To.3!2o-5i3o-7i4o-9i5oll;3o-3'!3o-5;3o-7;3o-9;3ol 

"A beautiful story for all ages, filmed with great wisdom and tenderness'.' 
-HEX /1EEO, CMcajo Wtuno-DaJly Newt Sjnd/cala 

 where the lilies btoom 

JUtlE 

CHo1SOH 

JL 
> 

HARRY 

The same producer and the same proud, warm fee 

 that made "Sounder" last year's best-loved film 

WONOCRUhMO SHOmNQ C4TY 

Ilo5.2i45.4l3o 
6ilO-7t55-9i4o 
$1.25 
Illl 1:3o 

WJ Oi. OIIHJS So o!< SJH 

Ii3o.3i3o-5.3o 
' 7i3o-9:3o 
$1.oo till 1:oo 

 min FHRROLU 

GftEflT ' 
GRT/BV 

 n MI »n w^l o rtortvioax IVv« 

NO 
NMTH STAI 

1:oo-4:15-7:1o-1o:oo 

Paeji 2o-D 
San Anrorito EXPR^SS-NiWS-lSalurday, April 13, 1974 

Snow Plow 

Spring plowing proceeds despite the area's untimely snowfall at the Pliny rreeman Farm, a working historical farm at Old Sturbridge Village, Mass.— AP 
Wirepnolo. 

Eatables 
For Fuel 
Proposed 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

AUSTIN - Agricul- 

 ture Com. John C. 
White met Friday with 
Iranian and 

Saudi Arabian ambas- sadors in Washington to discuss a (ood-for- fuel proposal, White's office announced. 

White said the ambassadors 

 were "very receptive" to tlte proposal, which calls for ex- changing Texas and United 
States food products for pet- rochemical products for agri- culture. 

The plan also includes tech- 

 nological assistance to help the 
Arab countries develop their limited agricultural resources. 

The food and assistance 

 would be bartered through a coordinating agency for an as- sured supply of fuel ami natu- ral gas to make fertilizers. 

Bexar Demos Get Aid 

Good news for Bexar County Democrats 

Friday, 

Acquisition of another 53.ooo 

 in slate funds by 
County 

Democratic Chairman Bcii 
Shaw reduces chances of long lines at the polls May 4. 

Shaw announced the secre- 

 tary of stale granted additional funds on the basis of need. It 
Brings Shaw's budget for Hie first primary May 4 from 
883,'ODO to $89,ooo. 

The money, Slmw said, will 

 be used til provide additional voting machinery at the pulls, cutting down on the chances uf long lines. 

Shaw said present plans call 

 for using 1oo Slump voting machines in Commissioner's 
Precinct 1; 62 Shoup machines 
'2til) punch card voting devices. 
Precinct 2; 138 Automatic and 
'!'> Shuiip machines in Precinct 
3. and 135 Shoup machines in 
Precinct 4. 

The c h a i r m a n estimated 

 costs of rental, preparation, transportation, and personnel, brings Hie cost per voting machine and per device tu pretty much the same fur e;ich. 

The -!57 voting machines and 

EASTER EVE 

John 2o:1o-17 

Prom The Living Bible 

. Mary had returned to the lomh and was standing outsiile crying. 

As she wept, she stooped and limked in and s;iw two 

 while-robed angels silting at the head and font of the place where the body of Jesus had been lying. 

• 
"Why are you crying?" the angels asked her. "Because 

.(hey have taken away my Lord," she replied, "and 1 dnn'l know where they have put Him." 

She glanced over her shoulder and saw someone standing 

 lx;hind tier. It was Jesus but she didn't recognuc Him! 
"Why are you crying?- lie asked tier. "Whom are you 

. lookjng for? " 

• 
She thought He was the gardener. "Sir." she said, "if yon 

 have taken Him away, tell me whore yon have put Him ami 
I will go and gel Him." 

'.'Mary!" Jesus said. She turned Inward Him. "Master!" 

 she exclaimed. 

"Don't touch Me," he cautioned, "for I haven'l yet as- 

 cended tn the Father. Hut go find my brothers anil tell thorn tb.nl I ascend In my Father and your Father, my find and your Gixl." 

In Vote Woes 

2KU pmnch card voting devices, 
Shaw said, should be enough to handle the election. 

Complicated 

This year's elections have 

 been complicated, Shaw said, by the fact voting precincts were added, and the lines of atl but six of the present 
2-11 

 precincts have been changed. 

As to criticism that he is not 

 hiring experienced election of- ficials. Shaw said lie was where lie could. 

Good News 
For Voters 

That criticism, he said, 

 emanated from Com. Tom 
Stnlhandske's office. He said 
Stolhamlskc is supporting his opponent for county chairman, 
Hun Lammcrl. 

>• Shaw also denied allegations he is setting up pulling places in liars. 

Texas Gasoline 
Supplies Good 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

HOUSTON — Gasoline supplies are greater 

 in Texas than at any time during the year, a statewide survey shows. 

Only 2>1 per cent of tlie state's 

 stations are selling gasoline ifter 7 p.m. and just 4 percent ire staying open 24 hours a day. 

Only the Houston arc has 

 problems. 

The survey by the Texas divi- 

 sion of the American Automo- bile Association was released 
Friday, the same day the Fed- eral Energy Office in Washing- 
Ion said the April stale alloca- tion was increased by 54..') mil- lion gallons. 

An aide to U.S. Hep. Bob Ca- 

 sey. D-Tex., said Gov. Dolpti 
Bristtn- has given assurances that additional gasoline will be shipped tn Houston service sta lions. The AAA said the alion here is the worst state. 

The AAA said a spot clieck of 

359 gasoline stations found only 

Ti per cent of them were out of fuel, compared to 1o per cent last week and M per cent two weeks ago. 

In 
Houston and Southeast 

Texas, 8 per cent of the sta- tions are out of gasoline, com- pared lo 22 per cent who were out last week at this lime. 

The association said 24 per 

 cent of (lie gas stations will be opened this Easter Sunday, al- though only 13 per cent will lie open after 7 p.m. 

About one-third of the sta- 

 tions in Texas are closing their pumps after a self-imposed 

 daily allotment is sold, but in 
Houston 55 per cent are on quotas. 

Due to the quota system, 

 many stations arc closed dur- ing afternoon and evening 

 hours. 

THD Sets Bid Opening 
On S.A. Highway Work 

Seal coating n oo-mile 

 sirclch. of U.S. 9o from Hie 
Uviildc county line eastward tu 

 if Hondo city 

AUSTIN — Resurfacing and upgrading of 

Interstate 41o in northwest San Antonio will be among projects for which bids arc opened here next Wednesday by the Texas Highway 
Department. 

Specifications call for (he 

 work, on a 4.4 mile stretch between Inter.slatc 1o and San 
Pedro Avenue. 

Other area projects on which 

 bids ure lo be labulaled are: . 

• Widening and improvc- 

 jncnl of a 1.7 mile stretch of 
South Staples Slreel in Corpus 
CJirlslI 

1.5 miles we:*! limits. 

• 
Grading and minor 

 upgrading of Stale Highway 85 from the inlcr.scction of \£<ma anil Main streets in Dllloy 14.8 miles westward tn Interstate 
35, all In Frln Cotnnty. 

• Widening Soldier's Lake 

Slintgh Uridge and approaches 
.along Stale Highway 85 In 
Diniinli (,'nimiy. 

• 
• 
Construction of an in- 

 tcrchange at 2filh Slreel ami 
Interstate 35 in Austin. 

• 
Upgrading Farm lloari 

32-12 from Farm Road 2o!)5 some .1.5 miles to 3.!) miles northwest of Cause in Mil.im 
Ciiunly. 

• Widening two bridges and 

 nppniaclics an State Highway 
1o5 between Farm Itnail 1)12 and 
Farm 
Knarl 
2I<)3 in 

Washington County. 

• 
Adding signs and safety 

 llghlingloa 1.2 mile sirclch of 
Interstate 35 from Walker 
Slreel in Ucllnn lo the l.cim 
Klvcr In Hell County. 

Stations in Nortlieasl Texas 

 are in the best shape, the AAA said, with only 2 per cent nut of fuel, 38 per cent selling by quota and 38 per cent' opening on 
Sundays. 
Park Site 

 co sta- i,,t; Ceremony 

Saturday 

Groundbreaking cere 

 monies for (he 26-acre 
Bexar County Sports 
Arena on the West 
Side will be held at 3 p.m. Saturday. 

Precinct 2 County Com. Tom 

Klolhandske. who led a drive to obtain the acreage, will join two olher county officials in turning dirt to begin construc- tion. 

The other officials are County 

.Indgc Blair Reeves and County 
Cmirl-at-J.aw No. 2 Judge H. F 
"l/ippn" Garcia. 

The spurts park location is 

 adjacent lo Kodrignc/ Mark west (if Canadian Hoad and Old 
U.S. M West. 

It will be the only 

 lional facility ,,f jts MnA 
West San Antonio. 

The park will have a baseball 

 diamond, si.flball field, tennis courts. Little l-caguu diamond brwing arena, jogging track, volleyball courts, succor fiel<l and basketball courts. 

Frank M. Valde* is projccl 

 architect. 
Union Pickets, 
Workers Clash 

BON WIER, Tex. (A I') - 

Union pickets and non-union workers clashed Friday at a constniction site for 
Klrby 

Lumber Co. In this Newton 
County town, Sheriff Wayne 
IJowell said. 

Bowel) said employes of the 

Thomas R. Gales Construction 
Co., which Is using non-union labor to construct a plywood plant for Klrby, were turned back by about 1oo picket* be- longing to the I'lix-fiilers Lc/al 
195'. 

 be a collector 

CALIFORNIA CHARMER IN WHITE You're as pretty as you feel. And these romantic longs are feeling-pretty evening gowns for charming spring evenings. Right, delicate lace gently veils shoulders and neck, 38.oo. Left, dainty eyelet has button front, 5o.oo. 
Each in white polyester and rayon, 5 to 13 sizes. From our Junior Shop, on Second 
Floor, Downtown; on First Floor, Frost's Fashion Square, North Star Mall. FROST BROS 

 i 

 i 

To Idle Or 
Stop <n Start 

While the lines ef impatient motorists at 

 gasoline stations are dwindling or disappear- ing across the country, they nevertheless have raised a fuel-saving question: Which uses the least gas, letting the engine idle for short periods or shutting it off and restarting it? 

Automotive engineers point 

 out tlic answer to this old ar- gument iiinoiiK motorists is important to economy-minded drivers even if Hie waiting lines never return, uccausc the price of j'asolino'is expected to con- tinue Us climh. 

Ford Motor Co. engineers 

 who ran tesls to find the nnswer came up with this: 

Less fuel is used by shutting 

 ctt tlie motor during brief slops than by letting it idle. 

Using a standard 1974 Ford 

351:cubie-inch V-8 engine, ex- perts at the Ford Engine 
Division lest laboratories in 
Dearborn, Mich., concluded that wlieii an engine is going to idle for more than 3o seconds, less fuel is required if it is switched off ami restarted. 

The test engine used three- 

 fourllis of a gallon ot gus per hour .(or .o125 gallons per minute) at minimi idling speeds. When the engine was warm it required only .oo5 
•gallon to start, 

The tests indicated that an 

 engine could be started twice a- minute and still use less fuel, on the average, than required to run it at idle during the saniD one-minute time period. 

It was conceded that some 

 other engines might use more or less fuel in idling and stnrU ing than the V-8, 

However the relationship of 

 gas consumption should not change, nor the fuel-saving ad- jtionilion: "Don't idle." 

With the end of the 1973-74 school session 

 approaching, thousands of enrolled students will 'take to the wheel' in a summertime drivers education course. 

Superior Pontiac 
New SAAB Dealer 

Superior Pontiac Saab, 711 

Broadway, lias been appointed 
:> regular dealer for the 
Swedish-made Saab cars, ac- cording to W. Donald Carmaek, vice president of sales and marketing for Saab-Scania nf 
America, Inc., importers and distributors of Saabs. 

'the new Saab dealership is 

 licadcd by Ted P. Malono, chairman of the board and president. Mcrt Moore is vice president. Service manager is 

Olaudc Bachman and spare parts manager is Uobcrt Hus- tede. 

Mr. Mahone has had 2o years 

 experience as general manager in the automotive business, lie is* president of the Texas Au- tomobile Dealers Association,, on the ijoard of directors Oak 
Hills Country Club, member of 
San Antonio Executive Club and active in the American 
Cancer Society and Heart As- sociation. 

Household Gets 
Service from Trucks 

Everything in the average vegetables arc hauled into 

 household — food, clothing, furniture, tind even (he build- ing materials — made part or all of the trip tlicre by motor 
(nick. 

In fact, the Motor Vehicle 

Manufacturers Association in- dicates the average household enjoys the .equivalent of 18 weeks of Iruck service each year.; 

MVMA's compilations of 

 statistics on trucfc use indicate 
.about 7o percent of fruits and 

 leading markets by truck. 
Nearly all livestock 'is now trucked tu major inarkcls. The nearly 3oo billion miles of Iruck travel each year includes the transport of more than half of manufacturers' intercity ton- nage. Such shipments encom- pass some SO percent olapparel and related products, three- fourths of all furniture and fix- tures and nearly 7o percent of candy, beverages and tobacco products. 

Autos 

• AUTOMOBILES 
• TRUCKS 

• MOTORCYCLES "MOBILEHOMES 
• RECREATIONAL VEHICLES 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
* BUSINESS DIR. 

• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY •FINANCtAl •EDUCATION 

MERCHANDISE -LIVESTOCK • PUBLIC4VUGAINOTICES 

Saturday, April 13, 1974 
• g w ~ - { ~ v t * f f ~ 
DM**^ 
••^••ph^M»»MmM»MMHi^—^_^.J.^J^_^^^__ . 
. . . . . . . _ . _ . _ . . . . . 
. 
. . 
. rQQB 

Auto Courses - Moving Right Along- 

FfKf la a «,erlrs o/ artic.es an aufemsbjle-r«Ja(ed c»«rs*s 
' 

 offered Ii^«,cho«l districts Whin the San AiKrate area, 

Drivers LearnfCar9 

With fit ft .o*1.4 .nP *?»/v inrri n^ ^.-i.__i ~ 
* _ _ . 

Through Education 

Or By Chance? 
Whatever may be on the 

 minds of moms and dads as ihcy come to another milestone in the lives of'thcir growing offspring, they can feel relief from the pressure of 

 apprehension by knowing more about the drivers education programs offered through school districts. 

Not alVdislricts liavo equal 

 programs as much depends on 
Ilio generosity of car dealers or those persons lending .au- tomobiles to be used in range instruction. 

An article devoted to the im- 

 portance of dealer-school dis- trict relationship will appear later in this series. 

•One of many high schools 
(hat lias a well organized, full scale program in progress throughout the school year is 
Thomas Jefferson in the San 
Antonio Independent School 
District. With ati^enrollmeitt of. ovcrS.MOstudents, the average alien dance in a drivers ed class is 3o, from the first period to the last. 
. ' 

They meet in room 6o in the 

 east wing with cither Eobert 
Zaldivar or James Little, 
'drivers education instructors. 

 pach is primarily concerned 

 in stressing the importance of safely. This is the underlining theme throughout the course. 

Zaldivar expressed his 

 strong Interest in the student's altitude. "I urge them to un- derstand that avoiding'mtnor mistakes begins with the right attitude. If they understand 

 that fastening that seat bell, easing up on speed five seconds earlier ... all the other im-- porlant poinls in good driving that ordinarily is contradictory to the guy or gal who's behind the wheel feeling they have to impress others with screeching tires and straining motors." 

Each pupil in a drivers cd 

'course in SA5SD has a Drivers 
Education Time Card that holds their history throughout the course. 

Night Vision 
Put to Test 

Robert Zaldivar, cenfer, one of two instructors in drivers education at Jef- ferson High, is testing for night vision efficiency. The instrument provides infor- mation that goes on Ihe student's chart. As each participant is tested, they, learn how quickly their sight returns to normal following momentary; 

 blindness from oncoming headlights ot night. 

Film Special for Class 

A recenf drivers education class ar Jefferson High 
School was devofed to a presentation by H. M. Adams, 
Jr., right, sales manager for Ancira Winton Chevrolet. 
He presented a film "So You Want To Buy A Car?" followed by a session of questions and answers. Adams was assisted in the presentation by Rene Casares. 

This begins with Phase I 

 which Is in the classroom. The card has space for results on all testing in addition to comments on any areas where special at- tention is requircQ. 
Current Card 

When the student moves on lo 

Phase II, remarks are entered on the card as they progress through 'in-car' time and in the simulator. The record becomes very important at this point. 
Since it is not likely they will tie wiUi tlw sarao instructor each day of this phase, daily nnla- 
'tions keep the card current and indicate pace of progress. 

As part of the classroom 

 curriculum, Jefferson drivers od students were recently presented a film "So You Want 
To Buy A Used Car," H. M. 
Adams Jr., new car sales manager for Ancira Winton 
Chevrolet has put together a program to.supplement the drivers ed'course as well as consumer education courses. 

Adams explained that when 

Ancira Winton received 4he • film from the Chevrolet 

 division of General Motors 
Corp., he discussed the merils of broadening Ihe presentation by offering a question and answer session. 

Through this' session, 

 interest can bo stimulated in an 

Tura fo DRIVERS, Page SB 

With the help of a factory incentive program con offer you the following saving: 

74 COMET 4 door Sedan 

Sl-lV, automatic, power ilt«.lna 

 braltei air tendifhntd, AM ra> 

 io, linteu glad, wheel caviri. 

74 MONTEGO MX 4-door 

._ , blown malolk, 25o IV-6 351-1 cytindar, vtnyl fnt«rtor, auEemnlk. 
A 

 au (oncmtancd. AM radio, tkilea d 

74 MARQUIS Brougham 
| door automatic, power Heeling 
* bral««, olr conditioned, pew, mil t, window!, vi™| Iaef ,|n, cd glait, AM radio. 

74 COMET 2 door Sedan 

 medium blown melollic. 25o.IV.6 cylinder, vinyl interior, while llde- walli air conditioned, AM radio,' tinted gloii. 

74 CAPRI (Kin Sesy torontoo) 
*325o 

74 MONTtGO MX Brougham 

1 spaed, newer.front diic btakei, 

73 MARQUIS DEMO door hardtop, 351-IV, vinyl 

 roar, automatic, cower steering & brak«>, air conditioned, AM.FM radio, tinted gran, whil« ilde- wallt. 

 aurp/nalic, power ileerlno & b;oba», air conditioned, linled 
SI"", AM-FM iterco. «lnyl rool, gold metaRic. 7 remalnhg. 

$395o 

'74'11NCOLN CONTINENTAL Demo 

A it&ai »«dt)r>, c«mp[ete!y reacted, aU powBf S 
, 
, 

<andHan»4t tpttd tontnl, III! ttc 

73 MONTEREY 
72 MONTEGO 
73 CAPRI 
'71 TORINO « 

IHPAlfl 

Siol'an Warjan, djpower & oV, 
^OOcn 

MMONUGtmcor 

S»danf dork blue melalllt, 25o 
IV-6 tvlEnd*r, aN vjnyl Jnr«nei 

 raoio, tinted nlatt 

 aulomolle. powct il««rlng & braVi*, air ccndillontd, llnled glaii, 351-2V. whcil cevirt. 

PDAfcJC C K t A D I VVooon, (Orapletel oKANi bArAKI woi53495..' 
$325o 

 o'r.wai 1U93 ....'.. 
„ 
Now M15o 

73 MAZDA RX3 mlnrroAAilon, wot )3595 
„. Now S325fl 

. training; driver 
. kreml.noicd'that the private 

 licensing and. enforcement of : automobile is not obsolete 'an* traffic. laws. wiH:!)e even more: Has a critically Important 

Does your car have 

< 1^>* f , 

SOLVE YOUR GAS PROBLEMS 

"with ONE trip" 

TINDALLandSON PON 

BRASS HAT 74 GRAND-AM 

2-daor haidlop, all pow.tr and a]r,f9w window! and itatt, AA\-FM »l«i«o, lilt wh«et, dull* tontiol, vinyl lop, mag wh*«U, - 

 ind«d faelaiy 

 wciianly, vat ;4395 

'74 CMC i* 
1?"- f f"", •* •*> « 
1>' 
1 
*t UlTlV i.taetk, mitle, H>ti4 eleii, 

BRASS HAT '74 GRAN VILLE 

4-door Saidtop, all pawor and air, 6o/4o li, AM-FM *r»r»o, p»w.tr window* and ti, powtr doM lodxi, gaugti, Caidavq top 

 till whul, ciuli* ton- tiol, oulomolic t«m. 
3»'ralitr« control, 

 pftwir (fctlx \\d, •*- 
F«ndttd fcttoiy war* tonty, wa> $7IB8 
S5o95 

IAC-GMC 

'74 CATAIINA 

 with oil cower and air, (ulono 

 or ip«oV«r, AM radio, miii g*, Hnttd gCaii, nyl Tilm, •>landed 

, 

 r gioup, mold- 

 wai $..967 

 wafranty. 3595 

74 GMC 

74 GRAND PRIX to^.fr y^ 

«i*1\ t*f, JIM (M irtfH, tut wkMl, rnlii 

^.j^i 54oSQ ' 74 VENTURA SS^^&KV^S^ 

5.7oC uilpil,.H}|»,low_ 

3795 
'74 FIREBIRD fift^KtS.^ 

J"-™ 
S5395 

74 GRAND PRIX i'U^.V,11,^^ 

IW»4 t^ii, >IM. III! Mka cj tfir 
.MU Bow___„."_. '4495 

'74 jt 

'74 
/•t 

™ $3M7 

^'3495. 

 l«ii( iiw»ii <»iinl Mlifir. 'loin* 
F*l»>, whlliw«U (ir4l, nJU, dir 
" 
'-'"."I!' 
S42SO 

 iMrt rtvpt, f-4i.il lnrJii^, ifii*J j'ni, kWy t-4t n*lil«|t. icliH M^f 
J«h»i whitl uiir». wUivil tk«fr . 
•V-»IHI thlii, livnuJtr. Wtrv Mr <4iar 

»«M 3MVI »«fi 
!•*•!«, ff^O.lUi^lctSlMfNOM *3l75 
S-Ar; 
.'74 CATAUNA. SiJ Icft^SK"' 

, «tll. llil |rlt> J^CiO 
Hiw, <Vi.il wk.ih.tt. 
, llllft, titt. IIU 

TINDALL and SON PONTIAC 

^39o6 SAN PEDRO 
••• 
736-1SM 

Kffl 

MUSEUM QUALITY BRONZES 

ChOi. A. Ruiltft 
"King o1 Tno Gtccltra" ilJCO 
Mtlvln C. Warren 

"Viva ZopaVj" »MO 

Reply Express Box 76H 

$1oo,ooo.oo insurance 

Agt X) • SH-(4 ptr manlti. 

For qatte t»r >oer ooe, 

Call MMW1 

 unwed motheri. EDNA GLAI 
HOME?, 23o6 Hemphlll, Fort Worth, 
Texot, tefepftone Wl} 9J6-MM." 

 sl and Found 

LOST: Young iemate port Stomwe 
Cat. "5',iicQ'V vcen collar wllh topi, 
V t c - l n l t y o'd Uraultni downiown o'-ong rtvec rxor Auovsta Street. 
Ge.ierovs Reword. o34-1 
LOST: Greylih n»re Cdrn Ttrrltr 
Nortn Star Hill, Rev,-ard. ^41-7493. fwlgv Small Red cad while molt dog LOST 9n ihe Huetwisr-Boococtt 
Afeo. t«s topi. Reword. 37&-IS53. 
LbST~Ca7pe WocJc nnefcoje. From a c o l l i s i o n location, Blanco ami 
Waodtawn, Sunday morning. FtE< 
WARO. 22S-3W. Joe While. 
1_«1: Castle Hllfs Area, ton puppy 
"BoJonoteV Call 34M554 or iH&ttt. 
REWARD 
LOST: Bkx± mole tobfodor retrie- ver. Eetam (Name) Wllh flea collar only, vicinity of Frederkrkiborg RcJ. ond Chambers. S3) REWARD. Day* 
234-1o11, EvwlAjjs 341-69J&. 
LOST: 1 year old red heifer with polm brand on left nip. Call 627-3331 after 6, 
(.o11: Male squirrel AlwXey, 519 
^AwcJwrtonf REWARD. 3«-o1» or 

LOST; Dog. s m a 11, stiort-twlred, female, brown wl!h whl!« mcrklngi, 

:lea Market EKnib1t:ons needed, if ntereiled coniact Mrs. Don Pope. ew Brountd 

Golf CUD), McGregor VIP, 
Irons. 
- 
_ 

LOST: set of weeding rJKgi* and cameo ring, In Juke's Dow.~.!own, 
April 1?. REWARD. «96-S575 or 22o- 
•US4. 

 oreo. Named^Tofy. 
' 

LOST: Purse, blue & red canvas*, vtc. W. SwttKrou, S. Zo/iomoro, nttre cosh, sentimental vcfife. Re- ward 'K3-35SJ, 9ZZ-9U7. 
Lost or stroyedi Cnompojjoe moJe 
Pek<sA-Poo. Answer* to ocme ct 
Kerfcle. EIDoraxfft Add. Reword. 453- 
5W9. 

LOST: 2 Dachshunds, mare, I red, i block, area ot Klllarniy and Folr- 
1nwn. Reword I, M3-73M artier 6. 
LOST: 
YORKSHIRE 
TERRIER. 

Fetr.a'e. Al a mo Helgti tt. B rowrv. 4 
Ibi. 
REWARD 11oo 2V 
Bronjsn. 

LOST: Cechatetl, gycy Wrd, yellow heod. friendly. REWARD. SM-y/73. tOST: March 31, iema:e loy cham- pagne poodle Wobh'll aparlmcntj en 
CaMoflhan rd, la years o!d answers to Beou Rewrcird 347-1 JOS 
•REVVARO FOR ANGHL 
Toy -Poodle. Brown ferrxj'*. Collaf, c h o k e chain, Lcosn. Rcor 4o1o 
Broodwcry. m-PSi. 1o lo 6. 
"REWARD. -M s-jiuki 1oo, redr no r ear Ie racr, t o n i g h t s or I Tee nsc p'ote). Like r.evt. EngVie N3.1 

•frame No. 1B«, Cell 

Lost: VTclnllr Housmmn Rd., NW tweo. Block L a b r a d o r Retretver, mole, Children's ptt, answer* lo 
"Buck", Call after 3 PM 6K-B173 
REWARD 

Lost Friday AM si h/er ~rnoie;""p«d>7 ramcd smoky V/olrem Elementary area, reward, 6S5-575LS. 

EASTER SALEf Egg ccrlcn novel- lies, orlKkkJl ond real (lowers, HA> 
CIENDA DE • ^ LORES. 7M Re*- forrt, 3fl-o?3S. 

BALLROOM 

Downtown, on the river. Approx. 
XOOO-5ooo iq. 1t. fiet\l or tease to op- crotcr 4or radio slotion, Iheotri re- rxriali, convenllon, CLLlQ MEET- 
INGS Or dances, Colerers. 
V/rlfe #Ar. -FtorM, 425 N, Moln or 
PhOflC 732-59o7. 
Mem 2 cofat diamond cluster ring vo!gt tl*CO Muil sell move otfei 

^-M59 

Nollonal Want Ad Week 

April 21-J7 

. 

K Steam Sfut: 

Blood Donor Center 

Dciws Needed 
727 C. Hooiton 

M3-2IS1 

 uciwfs neeara in t. rtoy 

Cash pold ImmwJkjIet/ 
M> 

MOTEL trilelcmcy oporlmeDTt' and rocms. By da/ er week. DI2-9112 
PEJ-(?d7, LE2-OI5>, CA7-47o7, IWir 
For I Sam TA2-IM/. 

MASSAGE aduate Thtropht 

 fiAR'N $15 WEEKLY 

PLUS BONUS 

As A Plasma Donor 

Illood Batik of San Anionlo 

San Antonio 

Readers' 

Mart 

(Person fo Person) 

(Non Commercial) 

Want Ads 

1 o Words 
1O Times 
$2.oO 

Call 

225-1666 

Expwi-Nawi, Sot., April 13, 1974 

SPECIAL! 

Shampoo & !«l 
$2*o un,, 
1^;!;; 

OPtNiMI 1HURUATS 

Norlhridgt Beauly Shop 

26o7 {l»ntiautr 824-S5B2 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 

WE BUY & SELL 
-: 

DIAMONDS 
PLATINUM 

JEWELRY 

APPRAISALS MADE ON 
JEWELRY 
• 
TOR .'IN- 

SURANCE PURPOSES AND 
ESTATES • 
Southern Jewelry Co. 

333AIAMOPLAIA 
CA6*M?4 

WE WfLL BUY ivthlng 4o yrj. or oldw. Includlrg 

 wrniti/rc. njp, po'mtingi, ch'na. 

?wefry, orl ob|e<1s, &jni, etc. 
—'ill Gray 
. P=l»y Bun 

 if WANTED 'if 
Plasma Donors 

Earn $? Twice a Week 
Physician In attendance 

14 A. F!of« 
22>911» 

Open Mon., Thurs., 

AM-7 PJI 

A'rr.oit Fre* Transportation 

To: W. Vlrginta-D.C,-CtiNT.-rcJah<> 

InHrlalnmtJit A 
Vacation Guld* 

3pjn.Ecirir 

. "We Too Shalt Rise 

Free Rides — Members, 2 captive,glideis. Hill Country 
Randies off Ranch Rd. 23. 25. 
12 miles from Wir.berly, 14 miles from Blanco. Infoi 
655-4 264. 

TTENTION SINGERS • ock. Go 
- - •• 

CommerckL._. „. ng. 817-731-3331 
'ARADE SEATS: FI«taMi~~FiarTV jeau, Weit title cl 7oo blocX cF 
Broadway. 2J5-o15S 1oAM 1o 4 PM 

' - - - 
Frl. alltr 5494-2513 

INN OF THE HILLS 

1?<.95 tor two people for two rvlqhls 
12-K6-7XW 1oo1 Jurvcllon Mwy. Kerr- iltc, Tex. 

Notlios 

PATTERSON; L o d g e NO, 
1177. AFiAA-., 3J2 Adorns. 

B u r r o w ot 11 a.m. 
Sat. 
.... u. If74 to co-duct graveside 

Services far our lole Bro. V/lllfom O. 
Dovfs. Rellg'ous service at Porter 
Larlr.fr at 11 a.m. Tallowed by Inler- me.it In Swnel Memorial Peak. Er- nest DeWJnne, W.M.; C. B. Reeve, tc. 

4_OHN|E= 
IRVIM 
Doyllgh] 

Lotfoe No. IE?, AF4AH, 
1?H Bmse Rd. R e g u l a r 

. Stated Meeting Sal. 1:33 

Alerrbers ur«d to attend. VU- 
Brethren welcome, H. Bkirvco, 
; SW Shoenffeld, Sec. 

INVITATION 1o BID 

Ik« K.I 1 1. fill l»4tf«»J hli Iht iitmi »lt«Hn Mill! MJ) i* 
A* till >t lit* (1) i(W«1 ^UK H IM-I 

Otlke 

Dh- 

 tiFtt, 1B333 k*Ww»f, $*• AitMh'*, Tim. 
Mi mit b* fitwMi f» rW Ditiittl Nr- i «« ir kiFiu 1« JJP , Im- 

Apil I). IV*- 

North Cos! Indepenoent Scfool _., 
Irlct on FENCING 'until 3:oo p.m.. 
Wed., April 17, .\9H. OkJ forms may be picked up prior to bio" opefling In ihe alike of ttie Director of Pur- 

, 

 t, Son Antonio/ Texai. 

Ave< 

 fvoposcii v»ui be received the Boanj of Trv*1e« of the 

 orth Eoit Indrpefxtent School nis- t r l c t on AUTOMOTIVE EQUIP- 
MENT until 3:oo -p.m.. April 
?3, 

197^. Dkj lorms may b« picked up prior to Wd opening In fhc dflct ol the OUt<tor of Purch<n!ftg, North 
East indtpencknt S c h o o l Dltlrtct, 
1QU3 firoodvixiy •/vvenv*, San Anto- nlo/ Texas. 
Seo>to bids will be received by lt\e 
City Clock, Clly Koll, unlit 
3:oo 
P.M., Apr It 3o, 1974, lo furnllh \t* 
City of Son Anionlo vjlh HorlienFaL 
Non-Clog Pump & Related irrigxHIon 
Equ.pment Oi per Wd tormi'ln ""~ 
Pvfrfwilfla DepOTlmetit. 

JOHN W. BROOKS, CPO 

Director ol Purchasing * 
'ond Centra; Supply 

OHicfat Publications 1 

U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC- 
TION AGENCY/STATE OF TEXAS 
PUBLIC NOTICE APR. 13, 1*74. Thit no!;ce is lo stole EPA's Fn fen tun to 

'G Maslewaler diitharae permits 

Woier Po:iuhon. Control Acl Amend- mer.1i ol \<tn (FWPCAA), P. L. 
91-SCO, lo Ihe one o'pplj<anls idcTi- tilled in l.-ie altached list, and fhc 
Ir.lenl.'o.-t ol Me Slale ot Texas fo cerllfy, where applicable, 

 compirance ol (he applicants' discharge wifh provisions of \ht ohresoid oct. Indlcotcd aelew. This lenlplive extermination has. been msde on tne basis or nrlllmlnarv slaM review by the Environmental 
Pro! ft Hen Agency, Region VI, oiler 
'""su I tat ton with ihe Slots ol Texai, 

 so^s wishing ia comment upon cr ret to (Be crapasfd dilermina- 

 i.tns ar request a public heorlna or odKJdkolory heorjug are InvllecMo sLbmir some in writing to: Ms 
Gwensolvn Gates. U.S. Environmen^ lol Prolidkin Agency Kealo.i VI, 
"--mils Branch HAEP)' liM Pct- i*i«n Street Oollai, Texas 7iJo1 
•.ilhin thlrtr (3o) days ol publlcallan date ol the Ptblit Nollec of this oao-lcatien. The cp'ph'colion njmber ihauld appear next ta tie cbove address en the first po^e ot any suimitletf commenls. AH commenls er oMecirons received1 wilhin Ihls 
3t-day period v.m be considered 1a the (orrn-jlotfo-t ol final a'elirml.ia- tians regarding Ihe application*. 
Further JnOmolion, Fact Sheets ond Draft Permits may be obtained ct ihe above address. Room mi, cr telephone (?]4) ?4f*l9J], belween 
8:o3 a.m. and*4:3o p.m., Monday through Friday. Reaulrements which must be laliilied prior la the grant- ing of a rcguesMor an cdjudlcdary hearl.ig or far requests la be parly at on otfludKalory hearing are found in 43 CFR ni.34(o), Nollce Ts afio 
Siven If.al our&aant la Section 43l(a) ol Ihe Act, ihe Texas Water Quality 
Board has.1enlflll,fely determined to certify to Ihe U.S. Envlronmenloi 
Prelection 
Agency lhat the 

 hjchargp, as propositf, wi:t comply vrilh Ihe applicable proviiforn «f 
Sect;ons 341, 331. 331. and 3o7 of Ihe 
Federal Water Pollution Control Acl 
Amendments ol 1*7?. Interested persons may cHer, in wriilns, iheir 

 lews concerning INs tentative de- 
Mmlnallan a I trie Texas. Waltr 

•nrtjciily Dgard or may request a pubTic hearing Ihereon. These views or any requeit for pet lie hearing rngsl be received by the Texas 
Woier QuotHy Beortl«1fic« within Ihe 
:3-doy perted menho-ied above. Moll should be aUdreised lo Mr. Gary 
Schroeder, P.O. Box 13«<, Ca&ltol 
Slallan, AusliA, Texas, Atltnlloo: 
NPDES Secltan. 1 Aeptlealion No. 
TXo411o7S fcr NPOES Aalharlratlon lo Discharge to Waters cl Ihe United 
Slates. TBe oppllconrs malting oddms is; "C<tv of Junction 1o1 

Natlh iih Street Junciron, "Texas 
7«4», The discharge U mode fato 
North Ltano River (Colorado River 
BasLt}, a woter of the United Slales, ond U located an thai water lwm«d:ale]if norlfisoil al Ih* Inler- setlloi of 1st Slreel and North Lions 
' Ihe eastern setlhn ol Juncllon, 

•wbie Coualv, Texas, A Fad Sheel i been prepared. The applicant's tlvlHei which result *n Ihe existing 

 water irealmenl oseratfom. 

BUSINESS 

OPPORTUNITIES 
$ 

IdllfMIt luilntn 

Opp.rtunltUl 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

MANY OTHIR aUTFTANmNO UStlNOJ 

1 HOUR MARTINIZINO PLANT t f hetesrephy 

 some AFB't (ocollwu, tarns 
- 
QfQJJ.- Top *Mp. SW.OCO. 

' 
FINEST BAR-B-QUE anT, IrvyturcMti 2 acres, n*tj 

$5o,ooo year. Main Artery. 15o,ooo dn, 

S.A.'B LARGEST NITE CLUB 

Stall 2,ooo. net) S75.WQ yr. Open 
4 nitei. Good lease. «?,SM rfn. 
FINEST INTfiRlOR DECORATORS 
Gross SUWW. r*<i ov*r 15o.ooo vr. 
Top Lxoilon, ca^oyeci. S2o.ooo an. 

FLORAL OIFT. CARD SHOP 

FlniJl NW location. Gross SK.HO vr. Lo/ge irock, o.iry 11o,ooo dn. 

TROPICAL FISH 

Hets over i?,«o yr. top fixtures kjrgo stock, good least; (35oo <ta, 

2 LARGE SUPERMARKETS 

1 oro»t> JJU.OCO other J 175, WO yr. 
Top fi)erures,i oocd leasci) lerrns, 
BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURANT 
NW proil S14DJXO, rxrts 17o.ooo yr. 
Top fhturtf. seali 11*, W5.«X>. 

STEAKS AND SEAFOOD rcp US. Grow over S7o.ooo vr. est. 
192o—jeols 75-«n:y 415,ooo. terms. 

OLSV MFC PLANT 

Ore it over iS.QW, r.ett i?,CCO mo. 
Top accounts, equip. Good Jerroj. 

DUSY CONVENIENT STORE 

Grots over $12o.ooo yr.* large sloeV, good Icaie, top spot $25.ooo. 

 i 3 pickup algUoni + ViWteleilo 

Cro» S1W.OOO yr. HO.OOO dn. 

PRESCRIPTION PHARMACY 

Owner n yrl.-Oroij o»«r JHO.WO neliVU.CWvr. Goadlcose, US.OCOdn 
TOP KINDERGARTEN A NURSERY 
Licensed tin U, wllh clwn properly 
Good volume, llxlum, Only 173GO dn 

 prooe<ry+ncl» 1175.ooo yr. All or par "CLEAN MASONRY MOTEL 
.. units, 5o miles from 5.A. net 
W.OOO yr. «s occupancy, 

BUSY CLEANING PLANT 

With ihfit unll. Gro» close to SSO.OOQ id* SW.OOQ yr. 
-Eqvfp. 
SS.OOO 
On 

BUSY NORTH5IDE BEAUTY SALON 
3 top operators, ne4j $17ooo yr. good r«nc. Ony tt,KO, SMMO dn. 

TOP ICE HOUSE 

Nets 119,9oo yr, good jiock, ttaie n'ce sealing, only iXQCO dn. 

BUSY LIQUOR STORE 

Gnoss 335,ooo yr o*ner 3o yrs. *45oo for (Jxlures -f stock at cost. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRLNK CLUBS 
Flr.eii of f i x t u r e s , Top location. 
Good neli. leoies. From J45oo dn, 
FINE ITALIAN FOOD RESTAURAN 
Close to base. 
Gross VI,ooo mo. 

 good lease, seals 13o, S$,ooo dn. 

 i-8611 

BUSINESS 
2oo3 H. AWIN AVE 

RETAIL 

OPPORTUNITY 

W» o<« seekjj a ptr«n o 
*pti or.J Bpeiefe a Jucei*. lul foih:o.i Slort In Wen. rflricrd, iptticliijrg ii dp- 

- l 

 s oi iimilai Imci of 

 fli. An inmlrrsnt 

 be lequkfrf, Tne pjli.ilhl 
Itrun !iei{e1e.it^ppVcai)l[ my icll loi fill |3k!r cl 

' 7]i.»l 3?. 

 er.-S pm. 

Exc«llcnt r>oil)u)d« I ocor I on. sbinvtj ciiniieic. call in-MK ANY- 

Slnautiert, G. 

FLSON JP 

REAL ESTATE CO. 

Blrfi a Propoials 

INVITATION TO BIDDERS 

 fROPOSEO WATER 

DI5TRIBU1ION SYSTEM 

IMPROVEMENTS 

HE CITY OF COTULtA. TEXAS. vjll rtctivf scaled Bids nnd 

'rcpoicli (or a Walcr 
V/t>3l and 

 m.irovcmenls lo tnp 
City 
Walor 

Valer 
Line extension* and 

 mjrovemenls. Pumps and Pumping racUitiesr Slorcge Tank and olher 

. 
Separate sealed aidi ond 

Proposals tor a Waltr Well lor the 
City or Cetutla, Texns. will be 

 ccelved by Ihe Cilv ClerK at the ctlice cl Iho Ctly o1 Cetulln, Texas, 
LNitil I:M p.m.. CST, April t9, 19/1, ord ihen pub^cty opened end read j 

. 
Separate icaled bids and 

 ropoiols tor 
Water 
Llrv« 

Facilities, u Sl'orcae Tcnk and olher 

 irreaances la be cdded to Ihe 
..,,, o1 Coiuila Wolfr DiMnhulicn 
Svblem will be received &y Ihe City 
Citik at Ihe oMicc cl itic City ol 
CoiLlla, Ttxas. unhi ?:6o p m.. CSr, fluiil If, 1974, and then pjbtiri/ 

 i. The In farm a lion for 
Bidders, 

Form ot Bid, Form cl Cant/ad, 
Plans, Specific at, oni, and forms of 
Bid 
Bond, 
Per I or mane e and 

 ticnt Qondi and olher Ccnlract 

 ismgmeniL. niay be excmlned ot Iht 
Cilr crerk's olllce, Clly Ha!l, Coiuila, 
Texas. Copies may be obtained at he ctlice ol Oiuna 3. Anoclatei, nc., located al Ells Broadway, Son 
Anlanio, Texas, upoi pDyrorn) of o iIS.oo depoiir. 
4. Allenlicp cl Bidder* od Subccn- radars Is particularly called 1o the. require men) i as lo c en oil Ion ol employmtnr lo Insure 
Eaual 

Employment opporlunltv. as e s - tablished by Execullve- Order Nos 
)fl»2i, HIM, and 117UP ond by 

C9U lotions of 
Ihe 
Lauol 

<Tipl(iymen1 Oaporluml/ Comniii- oo n»ufJ p-jriuont 1o Title VII c-f 

 nc- Civil Righli Act of l»tr AMenlicn 
>v oKo cuHcd lo liif prevailing v,nge rates lo be paid by prospective 

.iu-i%ht(3 by 
Iht 
Secretary. 
U.S. 

DtpaHmeni of Lobor. f l£nch niil musl be- accompanied by o fli'J Qciid, CerMlcd or Cattvcr1* 
Che<k In Ihe amount oi liv# pe/cenl n*i) of the toial bio pntc. Sa-d bend or check viil be relurnrd lo ensue- ctsstul Bidders vilhln ten days of iro cper.lng ot HWi. d. Tre Clly ol Cotulla, Texas 

 reserves 1hs rlgril Is v,ofy» ony In- tormolily or lo relicl ant or all bids. 
Bid award wilt bi rr.aAt 49 Ihe lowtit 
BkWer wfio. In Ihe c pinion, cl ihe 
O^fier, ha i Ihe caootllv artd 
(]uclificaf:oni to executi th* ccns- truction as tpec<fitd urd who will 
(amply with ell leyjatmcnH ol 1he 
Contract, Ot ttt by 1he Economic 
Ofveloprnent Atfm*riilrolJ3n, U.S. 
Dept. cl 
Cornmercej lAe Eqvat 

Plormc;*! OppbrlunHy CemmlS' 

. _ i, and the U.S. Dept. of Labor, tlo 
Bid may br withdrawn w.lhm £o dars ot ihe dole cf occnlni. 
P'oietl Na. PDA OI-1-OIH4 
March 3», 1*74 

PUBLIC HEARING NOTICE 

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING BY 
THU 
TEXAS WATER Q U A L I T Y 

BOARD TO CONSIDER THE STATE 
WATER QUALITY MANAGEMENT 
PROGRAM FOR F I S C A L . Y E A R 

A g-jbVc hearing will be herd t>y 

 l--e Texas Water Qualily Board on 
Aay 14, 1f74 beoinnlng ol 1o:6o a m. n Roam 118, Slcphpn F, Austin State 
MNce Building, 
17th SUeet and 

Congress Avenae, Austin, Texas to 
'"—kfer e*rdence relative lo the j.u.d Vioter 
Qua lily Management 

Program developed to satisfy the eu-jiremcnls of Secl.on 136 of the cdej-al Water Pollution Control Act imcnSmenls of 1173 and regulations 
^romulgalctt pursuant thereto, ccdified as 4o Code ol Federal legulations for I :s. The proposed laic Water Quality Management 
'rogram oulUnes Ihe T*xas Water tjoTity Board's commilment (o the iratecltan nnd enhancemenl of Ike tale's walen and Cesrribes tne iragrams designed to eno!>:e Ihe 
Inle of Texas lo meet 1hc Federal 
Voter PcHlud'on Canlrol Acl aocii (or lit, 1913, cna I98S. 
H ADDIUOH, THE RY 191 i 
'1UNICIPAL 
C O N S T R U C T I O N 

 iRANT FUNDING LIST AND THE 
>ROCES5 FOR DEVELOPING THE 
-1ST COMPRISE A PART OF THE 
' T A T E 
W A T E R 
Q U A L I T Y 

 i^ANAGEME-NT PROGRAM AND 
VILL ALSO BE CONSIDERED AT 
HIS PUBLIC HEARING. 

Ir.lcrested parlies ore Invited to 

 iresenr evidence at this hearing and ire rcqucileS 1o nolily the Board 
Hat they inlend ta do 13 and to tile u c«oy of lhe:r wnlren slolemenls at rost len (1o) davi prior lo Ihe htcrfng. Persons or groups ot par- ions wllh common Inieresti are requested to hove or.e spokesman 
^resent Iheir position. A draft of Ihe state Water Ojallly Management 
P'ogram will he made available up an request at 1hc Te>as Water 
Oua'ity Beard, office oiler Aoril is, 
""•4. The FY 
197S Municipal Co.ts- 

 iclron Cranl funding Lilt and Ihe 
' l"i Prkntv Ralmg Process will ovailaSff alttr May I, IJ74. Per- n ho»lng any oueiNo.is in regard 
.- this mo tier may contact Mr. 

Frosty 
Gray of the Texas Water 

Qualily 
Board, at 17oo Congress 

Avenue, P.O. Box 137«. Capitol 
Station, 
Austin, 
T e x a s JI711 ,- 

 telephone till) 471 J4{<. 

 issued, tsis llh day of April. l?74. 

JAMES SHOWEN, Dlrectcr 
Hearings and Enforcement 

 prco«iQ b/ hie DaoroToi 
Trustees t-l I 

Harlh Eost Indtpc-nxlent School Di» 
1rlcl o1 LEASING AUTOMOBILES 
FOR 
DRIVERS EDUCATION u*1i 

1:oo p.m., wedoctdoy, April 17,1974 
Bid formi rro/ be pkked Lfp prfw 
13 t\4 open'na 1rt Ihe office of Ihe 
Director ct PvfdMSlng, Florlrt Eoi 
Inlipervlenl idicol oklrlct, 
1o3) 
B r o a d w a y Avenue/ £on Anionlo 

SaMilacUoi t>'u\ Jt vrt-.at 

 on Cypftst-|{ev/« ctoii 

MOVING & STORAGE 
BUSINI 

 n lowtr RI3 Gror.de Valky of T is. Hcillaacn & McAllcn, Texos. ,_, 
Yactor trailer tnilts; (1) 2o fl, 6oa- all; (1> FcrJtHFI; (11 Pallet [acV. all dly e<to:pped. Oldce occt v^arehouse 
Hfjlpnrenl .Ir.ttuded. J2)^X)o. 1 DUId- ng & houie for sole or Tease. *-cose price i2CG per month. Contact Rob- 

 rt C. M o r r i s {117) 746-o116 or 
Tile; P. O. Box <o27, Vn c h l t o 

Falls, Texot 7&M7 

STRtBUTORSHIP. 
11,ooo p l u s ofilhly potcnlkil, parMintc. Servlw bbCshed occounls. From 11,99o lo 
-ivttt, lu'ly gtarootccd. Will se^ecl only expansion minded per ion. Call 
COLLECT; Gaiy Thompson l?H> 
o-1*1 
U.S. Btouly- Salon, Vrtll established w!Eh sjoixi c"en1ele. Owner retiring. 
Excellent opcortunliy tor good hair- 

 esser. 

ReAVlS^m-TY_ 

'CHEMICAL 
Going txAkocu-reasor.able. Reply 
•itpreivHe»rs Pox 797o lofrt Laundry* Good Lease, parking. 
'ickup paynrrttm. 
" 

Legal Kollmi 

EASY TO SUY 

Brick, 51 unin, pool, central air 
Owner carry, contl^or tome trade 

I1SOU4 V/AT5oN A SON 7J4-1K1 

Buifnes* 

OpporlunllEoi 

SECRETARIAL SERVICE 

Excellent moll Iscolioo. rr-one an irfpri'nj, stollonory end s^crelarlal 
Low overhead, terrlffc relum on small Investment. 349-1177. 

WALKER J.6ARHE3EY, Reallar 

Successful Motel 

3o t/fVf pkrt a 19ft trailer r r^ook-ups and room to expand on : ocrcj. Own*r statei W5XW 
Qr-os orvl Qrt>H\nu. o-i)y *1i5J»o ond wll f'nonce at 7% iimpie InKfest, H on thrs one. Arvdy ^Aor/oo. 
W1-3I« evt. W3-318o 

WALKER J. JARtiEBgY/ Riolffl 

K-N T?oot Beer Drive !n 
On fMn St. neor 2 ithoolt. Moson- y boJidlno, 2 long porhlng co/wpt«i il equlpmenl. uiv; fl round lea it 
Md txois and profit. Only $»,(O 

 cash or terms negofkiWt. 

CARLOS BRAWNtJR REALTY 
-574/ 
SEGUIN, TCXA 

JOl E. Krnjitwry 
P. O. Pox 1^7 

<713) 
Or 

CHARLES CHIP IS EXPANDING 

OlSTRmUTORSIUPS 
. 

>n el^it eount.ti avcllcble also dr 
Qylei. A home dtllvcry tervke 
"'«rv:iyJvonilo O j 11, h Farm t 
Dak cry Frei*i Snocki. Truck and In 

 er Informal(oo or TrEfrvlev 

'-"•"' ^XTr,,,, 

7.3 A Cff eovwooiJ oil W.V/.V^I1l s txm«!, s ewi.. s v«am roii. 
II (pace Irortr park, IS Irallir* 

Sell too4triir cr McoroTely 
«IJ B51««M 
*~ til-IUi 

WONDERLAND 

PET SHOP 

Isc**inl oppwttmlfy for 

^ualiflirf, agaxciitv*, party. 

Ca^ IN BaV«r.~7J3-9137 
Neetf Adlve or Inactive Partner wilh StWXTj to £2o^oo vrorktng cop) lol or line of credit. Reply. ia Ex 
XC1S Box 7o51. 

BE YOUR 
I 

OVVN BOSS i 

EvTat^.t^ fe'.tf ord Dtic'aTt^ Slcie I h Co/pMt (nMli. UltEKlire l;ase. Era. | 
1ral Ixalicn. Minimun ir.vtHntiil 
S15.ooo. k'n cad rxKhardi^g o1- i:il:a:e. VTiilc (i^esi ^e«s EOK 2993. I 

IMMEDIATE INCOME 
RECREATION HALL 

 wi1l> Fixtmei & B'dg. far Sole. 
Opcrotiog 5-Pool Tables, T.V., 
Ping Pong, Foo^boll. 
342-13o7 or 695-8435 

MONEY-MAK1NG 
OPPORTUNITIES 

FAST FOOD-DOWNTOWN 
H_M11M H.rNlHlAI Slt.OOO 
I A U Np R OM AT $6, BOO 
Niw~wdlh»n, $1,9oo do.*n 

»3,O 

LIQUOR STORE $8,ooo + 
InviKi^ry, imaM down 
MEXICAN RESTAURANTS 
Two. S3JOO rfn. «nd S13oO dn. 
BAR-B-O CAFETERIA 
[ttoWUhtd, Sll.OOO rf»w* 
IDEAL FOR RETIRED il ApTi. ^ ltor», tlS.QQO dn. 

PHOHIi 33S.737& 
PROFESSIONAL 
(USINlii UOKIBS 

RESTAURANT FRANCHISE 

Son AnlorJ&. UO.DCO Ir.MIal 

 rcqyfred. Coll Mr. Wes^lnQW cellccl between 12 noon on<J 7PM, Monday 
F/ldoy ot J313) &79-o?7o 

 mrxod drrnk club for sale 

 owner, due to Illness. Low rentt estcbllshc<J lucatlon. C/jdbwn, carry nle>. 

Money fo Lend 

Equitable Trust Co. 

WE SPECIALIZE 

INTIIKPUKCIIASEOK 

CHATTEL or REAL 

ESTATE NOTES 

FINANCIAL LEASING 

FACTORING ACCOUNTS 

RECEIVABLES 

INQUIRE: CA4-o314 

1919 KBC BUg, Sen Untonb, Ttn 

SfMLL HONOR LOANS 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
A » A CREDIT Ml «H 

NEED CASH 
CALL UNION FINANCE, 1UUI1 

 n.a 

— Inv.itmonU 

CAOTAL 

NEW CLASSES 

START MAY 6TH 

DAY ft NIGHT 

ENROLL TODAY 

• Business Administration 

• Business Manager 

• Accounting 

• Secretarial 

• Stenographic 

• Clerk Typist 

• Key Punch 

* Drafting (All Phases) 

FOR INFORMATION & CATALOG 

CAU-WR1TE OR VJSJT 

PARISH-DRAUGHONS 

COliEGE 

141 IE. MARTIN 
OO7 TtAA,' 
; SAN ANTONIO, TX. -CZ/"/OTrO' 

Bartending School 

WOMEN AND MEN 

BROTHERHOOD 

SCHOOL OF BARTENDING 

1o15 Jackson Keller 
PH: 349-26o1 

Executive Plain 8!dg. Suite 116 

Certificated by Te«os Ecfixrolion Association 

ProfenTonal 
Frofenlonal 

MEN TO TRAIN AS 

PHYSICAL FITNESS 

INSTRUCTORS 

We need good men to train in an exciting career as physical fitness instructors — excelfent opportunity for advancement. Many company benefils. Apply in person 

TRIM & SWIM HEALTH SPA 

1 335 N:E. LOOP 41o 

Fail growing smo'l company r*ed 

 loan for rjrowrh ccpilal. Wl 
SIQ.OOO loon for nrowth ccpilal. Wl secure wilfi equipment cr cccowls recpfvGWej. Will pay 1o% interest r « e v o * ; j . pay 
1o 
Irrtcrejl 

 p)y» 5% cqull/ posltJo.i. prrttr DC- oojntant or atfo.-ney that woyrd also horwflc tho octouullrfl or Icttcl work. 
Write giving namcond phone number. 
I wlU coll wlinctxnpftlc ctelalls 

Box 

PHYSICAL THERAPIST 
PhD PSYCHOLOGIST 
CHILD PSYCHIATRIST 

All Applicants apply to itic following company: 

Learning, Development 

A Communications Center 

 of America, Inc. 

CIOTlftY BLDO. ?!m 
San Atlanta, 7* 

FULL COMPANY BENEFITS PAID 

 f 171/o 1 Oppor'unrly fnptayrr 

C 

EMPLOYMENT AGENCY 
SUM Cowa. Write 

Express-News Dax "A ~ ~ 

PROFIT OPPOKTUNITY iptrd Queen coin ccerntCMJ laundry nd dry dconlr.g cenlerl naw oval la- 
It, olio new local i wu lor nlw lsr«. Otnerew trcdo-ln aliowtinct i eld caulpnun) when purchasing iw. For mjermallon phcn« cr wrll« 
Ed Floyd, sl!^W377l, MO) jack- 

 ood, San Anronlo 7iUl. 

FORD COJAMERCIAL SALES 
AUTHORIZED DISTklUUTQR 

Lanndremot Eqji'pmenl For Sale: 

4 Maytag wcUiers; 7 dryers; (2)1 
OOgal. woler tiroicnr water iofte-1 en. Ca:i StoOdo^e, 97&-72o2 cr OJI-I 

Lef's^et 
Technical 

Register Now 

Inslrvttlont 

Air Condilipnirtg • 
-Refrigeration*- 
Radlo^tV 

^Drafting 

: KAIfH & ASSOC. 

JDUSVOCmiONMSCHOGl' 

 fNHOtt NOW ioa 

DAY & NIGHT CUSSES 

« Ce«ri*t appro* id far train log «f 

Q^I. Vilixni and WorOrpKofll. 

' 
" 

225-3253 

 t913S.FIorei 

OPPO'Rtl/NlTY 

In busy Deacon Circle. 5,1oo sq. It. Wdg., aniwcr service. 
Sell one or bolh. 

34Q-1771 
)JAr 
REAL 

344-7985 nm/ ESTATE 

GOING BUSINESS ofj S.V.'. Milllarv 
Dr. Goad 4ease, flood location end 
Drtced to »ell Call nay/ Icr an a, 
Ronald Williamson Realty 

M4-3M3 

 l«j ol l_li9»W VileiMt 

Want an 
AlrMne-Trovil 
Career 

QrarUfl Internal I a not Systems INC. 

Train In DaEas 

CALL 34MIJJ Ex[. 1M Son An 

- O U N C E FOR 
SALE 

U5CO Good ottaallshed cull... or_appf. 7H-tA4J or 53JJ7IQ 

 tnjlaped Deajly 

227-7346 

Parisn-Draughon 
' 
TECHNICAl IN5T. 
41 If. MARTIN 

Photrjgraphy 824-2451 

CLASSES 
-WORKSHOPS 

LANDE STUD|Q «U3 McCo]laugh 

KEYPUNCH IN 4 WEEKS 

CBM EDUCATION CENTER 

5*3 BROOKLYN 
23<-9 

High School at Home 

:o<xxJed 1S77. Condjcling on« of th a roe it HlgJi School proproms In 1h 
•rCrkJ, Our oroduatei nove enkre ivlr i» col'eges £, ur.tveritlles. A{ proved for velercn kodivx?. Lo-^ Tu 
7l-- Includes lexis. V;rlte or coir 

. .... 

Ph. 341-5992 or 735-o141 (24 hr).} 

For soJe or [«se: pi»a Pa-io; . ourant. ideal family opcrallon, H< tnjjpjr;_cnt. !<?-?!?/ 

Vuto 
Store., a^O CclHlel'l 
Mrt\ta rolls, Texaj 1-117-6^-3 

GAS D'RY€«S 

 n 
Ib- commtrclal—mittred. 
. 
. 

5-1o3 Jackwood 
684-3771 

 t have 45oo >o IF. modirn bulklfr.g on Sou I hi kit t>i Son AnloYo,rc*M B- 
3, will enter In1o b u » k n e s i wllh 
Ch/lstlan ptrtoni and work in busl- 
MIS 3-4 cfayj a vntek. rio olcofiolCc re4a'ed buslneates consMcrid, Riplc 
Jbhnicn, 3!7 E, VeHol, Son Anlortte, 
Tex. 7TO1 

 dry clean ond sell wash c«i 

 let* In rrflrr1* norrn central. Fully 

Assume It am. f?£oo buy* 

LAG N DRY 4 CL e'AffW<T'c. EllTER 
Co'n o p e r o t • d or-tJ professional 
11,56o InlrlJl cash rerfulred plus op 
WQx^^tKQ^ for__J ny«n1 ory._^J?-vll 7 

VeM;no~MaThf ntiT75)»^A I mos I 
OMK! iecon<r] lncrvr>e on Icco. 

4 S(o1 i on "ni'K/Ty~So,'onl for rent or cose. 
Excellent cqu'pment* 
Souti- 

" ""BL/ANCOTTEXAS nptrali.i] 13TOo*- (o«3i block bulTrf^ 
Ing w.fh 4 ilnllUparH and Ollltf space-lo/ nil lyMi of rrroir wo/' r*c.eir*nl Iccallon, main IJirouihla 
ET(C!l<nl Urmi, Coll j&« Koil 
DH5M or 1 «4 S4I«. 
oo. QALC REAL E^TATg 

Sfod yow cloorHle verwjing'/oufe. machine In very gr>od corxlTlkvi. lit.,, rrxxftl*. ClM'r^ es(a1e. C^eop. Coll 

• tfic*mvia4iHi 
'i«o-.l,[l'1S 
• rlrf^H^H 

 itt.Mll!lCWj| 
• (CO,(imc i Iif(li3>r(! 
*d[Ji nr.11 

»U1-XI1S*IJ(K 
HJCIUHJStl 

»!/[f^Hirii to 
*^iiiriitc 

VETERAN APPROVFD 
DURHAM 

 o glJ^flUt 

* Mod. 
*Me(f,Ai»'t./Crarlcol; 
* Denial Anii'ont 
A Lob Anlitanl 

 lecnt JUalJobU 
CALl 274-o7S7 

S.A. COIIIdl Of MtDICAl 
AND Dim*.I AflUrAMTi 

3o1 IAITTRAVI1 IT, 

S.W. ELECTRICAL t, 

MECHANICAL IMSTITure 

J* _PMymosr 
S3 

—'lon MaLjilVnant*'*TttfT icKot|, 
AA opprovAO*. Ol 
BUI. iro_Hch, siLnten FCtld. 
.W. SthOflfcl 
Aealcal Asslsta 

IIS D 

224-2296 

 t lo be o modiU clatsvt o 

 ible. K/-1471. Fox //J3d»:il-3 Studio i. 
OT» Son PeoVa. 

UI.TU.KMI 

{Attms, ttclrciiet, lingori, da-Kori, e»lrcti, elc.) inleieiled in ruli,r& feature- (,1-ni, TV com- mcrcinli, documentary and oikicat.ornl TLni. 

TJie Casting & 

I'rotluclinn Croup, Inc. is complorttX) iKdfr litot, Plooto 

OK CAM 653-9162 

RCTIRED PHYSIGAN 

 rvorlonwlio cotvpany ho 

 ll H 

, LA. 

In 
NEW OHLEAn 

Mutt be dloible 
For 

 ccnte, e<rc«lieAl (or retired tA.O, o 
o.o,CALL COLLECT (Tin 

Or iwUn 

P.O. Box <»M, Mewtlin, Tif.j »j>ft 

TEACHERS-ADMIN 

 lirvJiwljiq niw fir rain litrtt M 
Him trjnt'poJi, li«h« leri, CVAD ioicloltrii 

IPCARi PBRSOMUBL SERVICE 

HJ JACKJON-kGLLER tll-IM 

 inihlnj A I f l i 
^ 

 emplaymini iirvki 

TUB FUTUKH fl wkol Wl nil 

ErolMef ond Cndlnwlcv 

'-A flowofdi W. Ooddli. - 

Man to Train 

 as Masseur 

Earn as you foam a rewording profession 

• Good starling salary 
• Pleasant working con 

 ditions 

Contact John Rohm- 

TRIM & SWIM 

Health Spa 

1 335 N.E. Loop 41o 

DIRECTOR (or chUd care center 
Universal CUy. Degree required wl previous teaching experience. Goi starling wlrvy with po*a vocallon 
Unllm:ied oopcrNnlty wllh growtn 
Son Antonio based operauonj. fi — 
21? W. Rhapsody, Monioy Ihr 
^"-.Qi. hours ft to 5, 

Biglnner Accovnfonl-Enlry 
6*. LflYBl wllh greol CO. 
JO. 11oo. Fee paid. 
(£S 838.o586 2446 C«tg<* 
IOCKE EMHOYMEWT StRVICE 

HELP...of'wed lo unlicensed Rec 
Si rule tales people, l i c e n s e pr 
Ferred. E»ceifer>i opportunities, J 1 cononir IfalnJng, aroup insuronc bonul, t'.C. Sfi*Cfc>n« 
1.1 VA-FM 

SO'es. Coll Wr. Romo, 
ALLSTAT6 RG»L ESTATE SJ1-11 

SP ASSOCIATES PrOfl cl Cmpfovment Con Julian in-jiH — IIOQ PIo1o 

Management Trainee 

 expanding rwllonal eomporw ckvi ipfng mo.-xjoemtnt trainee nrowam j«ikTno offsrewlve and ombllioui I 
MoXult Who would like lo odvone lAlo manoatnienl roipfdry. Btnifl includt: ptfd iniu/onc** pfofit »ho 
Ing, an<t bcmi omcno elhert. Tti trig, 
Is n,. 
Newman. 7M-: 
Mechanical Draftsmen 

 cil(Tbllihf(J fkm TooVlng for 2 qixi 
Med Mecho/ilcal Drallsmen. 1 ifn oVolltmon, m'nirvKKn 3 yri. exp.j lurlix LVoUunoo, o11 nJ mum 
1 y 

 t)fp. Fringe herelirs, Et^unl O 

DIAL-A-CAREER 

Call 73M777, Dally rtcardlng of nt i ob 
Qf*n\r*Qi. 
Ill l/orllrti 
^—' 
" 
--• Jirvli- 

EMPLOYMENT 

COMMUNICATIONS FIELD 
. 

SERVICE ENGINEERS 

SYSTEMS M/o OVERSEAS ASSIGNMENT 

IF you are a field service engineer w]|h a minimum of Ifiree years direct M/O experience (miNtary or civilian) in any of the areas lilted below and are interested in joining one of the world's finest ser- vice organizations, Collins International Servico 
Company (CISCO) would like to hoar from you. 

• HIGH POWER HF SSB FRT-39/4o AND COLIINS 

RADIO URG SERIES 

• SATELLITE GROUND TERMINAL MSC-46 
• MESSAGE CENTER TECH CONTROL OPERATOR 
• CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE - 

KW-7,KW-26,KY-8. 

This position wilf require evidence of graduation from an approved cryptographic school within lhe- lost 36 months, and DD-1435 to verify compe- tence. 

All applicants applying for any of the above listed, positions must have or be able to secure secretj security clearance ond be willing to relocate to one* of East Africa's most modern and atlractive cities.« 

Jf those positions ore of interest to you please send' a detailed resume listing experience, education, equipment type familiarity, clearance held, safary requirements to A.L. Nash Supervisor Administra- tive Employment, Collins Radio Company Inlerna- tlonaf, Dallas, Texas 752o7, 

We will have a representative in your area the week of April 19-26 to interview selected applicants. 

COLLINS 

COLLINS RADIO COMPANY 

HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR 

Psychiatric residential treatment facility — 
6o bed in-parienf facilities — needs a mo- fure, responsible leader. Most have MAH and 2 yeors experience associated in heaMi care for children or odolescenfs. Is responsible for the operation of the hospi- tal, for the application and implementation of established policies, and for liaison among governing authority, medical sfaff, and the departments of the hospital. Good salary, full company benefits paid. • 

Send rosumo to Express-Box 5868 

Management Trainee 

Excellent opportunity for mart with sales background. National organization of 
Health and Athletic Clubs. 
• Guaranteed starting salary plus 

 bonus 

• Opportunity for rapid advancement 

 with fast growing organization 

• immediate employment 
• Many Company Benefits 

APPLY IN PERSON, JUDY ROHM 

TRIM & SWIM HEALTH SPA 

1335 N.E. LOOP4iO 

Insurance 
Accountant ratify c id tnvc'Jv hi we V* (on - fvi, lliH-io. icji.iiicl Hib ,,,,tcl yem initionte riteunKrg eap , inttjd 3g D.trLar [kltncir prrpya- liQD. Geed eppicrunilr fai fid- 

 nH6lieeii.ieip:iit<i. 
Kal United Imuianc* 

736-24o1 

PHARMACIST 

Full lime PharmoclJt wtlh monoce- rial cxperlrnce ta oseraPe pharmocy iervlcei (or cArr-p r«KenjIv« <JfL«) <Je- 

Phone (5171 MJ-S1S6 

SNELLmO PERSOHNfiL, 

CONSULTANTS 
W. RECTOR 
ViE PLACE PEOPLE . 

KING EMPLOYMENT 

 rIOl Broadway 

Prooranvners, feu pd, il 6,ooo 

 nolvst fee pd. ID 114 

Auditor 
Tralnw to 
S7JOO 

Vallsy HI Employment Service 
1 UU 
}» Veiny HF Dr 

C 

Sales 

We need o career mU-.d«l woman, management reinonslblhly. S a l e s baclccjrMJixl tfeilrcblc, S I e n d • r. In oaod hcoHh an a* neal appearance, 
Evenkig hours. Satar/ pkis tonvnfs- 

PAT WALKER'S Ffsgre Perkcll&n 

Salon 

For on cppcJntment wllh Mr^ BJgby 

FO'RD DEALERSHIP 

 t/eeo's «Yp4rlinced SALGS REP, for ou t tide wit* oanlodi. Guarantee 
- 
-\ conimhslonj cor and Iniwance' 

... beaut IN I Nil couVry. Conloct 
HOQt 
" 
' ' 
" " 

5 AGENTS NEEDED 

 foe Mcrlhecil cr -fJe-rlhweit OHiCa 

828 6141 

SAIBS PER'SO'N 

San Antonio, Toxas Aroa 

 inn r i o i p M a l Iniuroncei c err pony po:d rrwlsr rrxsiicol end lire [.iiur- 
~ 
. 
L«c«l hliryhws le 

I Hi ward Jtrjuien Mej 

(ID) 4 

 c 

Suit! 

GLASSER'S 

ART GALLERY 

 fxpccis an opening for energctk iolci prison with on oilislic flolr, pleasing per- lono'ily, well grooved. This 

 sell nrt ond desig-i cuilom frames Far our cL'icdnundling clients. u-,i.M.j-'«i 

5 day —9 TO 6 N 

FxccJrcnf b«ncfifj ond la/crry to tomnicnsuiate 
*"•' 

FT 

.i lono'ily, well grooved. TN's I 
• spcc-al pcJion svil|"Tra*r<T'lo • 

• ie!l nrt end d«sig.i cuilom f 

T. frcmci For our di'ictinwndling . f clients. 
U-,'I.M.J-"V 
A i 
5 day — 9 TO 6 N § 

A 
FxccJfcnf b«nefifj ond fo/crry • 
• fo tcinnicnsuiate lv f 
• 
AFruoNiYi.'jptHsquiaS A 
L 

MISS MEYERS AT •; ft 

1522 H. MAIM 
^ f 

•tftPATMjiumY^i g^y 
^^^^^^^ "^^e^^^1 *?^lfc 

SALES PERSON 

 ilrec» lolei- commlislon wltti weeX* 
;araw. ABC Linen Scrvke, ^XM W. 

 mmcrce 

PHONE 

SOLICITOR 

 om JooUng for Ifte bcil Telephone 

Salfcilor In Son Antonio. Mull hova expccroncc In wsrklnn wllrt direct 
Mlein-.en — v,t hove IhB flneit for- low (,-n lead Mil 1rwl o^y loltcifor could kvatit. Salary it open tfepend> 
Ing on qva 11 f ICflltom I 
Big 'Money Available 

 for personal Tntervlcw coll 

SAtEl PERSON KBBDBDl 

.ommlsilOfl ond Salary, S'orl I7oo> lot a draw. Good bWl!u furnished; 

 rf.ijit rravo dependable lroniporla< 

 tkm. . Colt M-4\n tor oppjojnjggjj. 

4-GA«N k EAHM FASTER 

New Real £slole licensees (or wo will arwrnw y»> te- net llccnit). Do 

 or.d earn raster? Poilliont open In our N.E., fJ.V/, a->tf So-jlhslde oJfl- ciS'Flaom la o<1vnrvco In nxanooe* 
OMnl. Coil tftdoy. 

DJu7M. 7 tfoyi a wctk til ft p.m. 

Canirrucilnn fl'iulp^.int San yvntonlo area. Sales n-vj i«n|al, torn* lerv c« work. Muil he o tell ilntl»r."Troln- 
'•od> [uriMslitcl: H«dly ta 
'^L^-^oKj^oty^ ^''e' r^pB^.<r«^wo5^?^h^l;S 

 spgsM^r 

ADVERTISING 

Tlmro U a pleasant, exciting career wailing for you at 
THE EXPRESS and NEWS. Our WANT ADS Deport- ment is looking for people to sell advertising by phono lo the thousands of businesses and individuals who depend on WANT ADS. 
You will receive professional 

 training on selling and crealing both largo and small 

 ads, rates, copy writing, copy acceplability and the 

 many olher facets of producing WANT 
ADS. 

You will receive two weeks classroom and eight weeks on-the-phone training, at which time you will be as- signed your own accounts to sell and service. Previous experience is not necessary and you will be paid while training and gaining experience. A bonus is possible after three months. If you are inlerested in discussing this job, you MUST TYPE 4o wpm and be able lo spell. 
We offer good company benefits. 

Apply Personnel Office 

9:3o to 11:3o AM only' 

EXPRESS and NEWS 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

HOME SALES 

Openings for OLtt&fonding men ond women in boJh our 
•Real Estato Division and our Builders Division. In- tegrity, intelligence, arid successful sales backgrounds a must! For interview appointment call Mr. Rabb, 
828-559 V'belween 4 and 5 Monday thru Friday. 

Jim Singleton Companies 

Home Sales Over.$T,ooo,ooo A Month 

 r1 
II 
III 
I 

SPECIAL AGENT 

San Antonio-Austin Area 

Experienced with good agency following desirable. Salary open. Company car fur- nished plus expenses and excellent fringe benefits. 

Reply in confidence or ca/( COLLECT 

(713) 
529-8775 

UTICA MUTUAL 

"• 
Insurance Company 

P.O. 
Box 22555 

^ 
Houston, Texas 77o27 

DIRECT 
SALES 

 likj loHlng to H« Pubic? 
Like Wprlcjnrj 'rwl hoi/rl ond 

 ifllt eommliiion? 

AGE NO BARRIER 

CHOOSE OWN 

HOURS 

PAID WEEKLY 

OR DAILY 

CALL MIKE 
225-2818 
225-2819 

An ElJCl tiff oilvwh 

INEEDIXPERIENCtD 
PHONE SOLICITORS 

Mull have at Icail 6 monlhs experience. I want someone who is not of/aid fo work hard. 
1 will pay QoacJ'ialary lo fhe 
1*9*11 people: Mu'il be familiar wilh <land company phone woik. If you don't have ihcie q^aliffcolions — don't call. 
No exceptions! Cafi between 
1:3o and 5 p.m. 

824-2343 

 f 
Uthniul 

AUTOMOTIVE 

AFTER 

MARKET 

AAA.-1 automotive parts 

 rcanufactu/er seeking aggrcj. sive 
Salesman for San Antonio tcfiilwy. ExcQilunl ia'aiy pkii bonus, company car and ex- penses. 
Automolive 

 bar.koroj/xi'helpful. 
Send resume to? 

Expresi-Newi Box 28O5 
San Antonio, Tex. 782*7 

NEEDED—NOW! 
SALESPEOPLE 

Experience not necessary. 
Will Train-—Good pay plan. 

IMPORT 

MOTOR 

COMPANY 

7114SftNPEDBO 
824-9671 

TECHNICIANS & 

TROUBLE SHOOTERS 

Imomtiol, ipmhgi new nil) tn Hrll oad Mtoti iWfli t« ««U< I*. drtWvill Hllh >«<H Ij.Uln] n upttknn It >li!lnnlii. 
Will kin till Offoilunlly lo 41,„ will, nil) Diijgr ilKlienli firm. Imllol ftlnjl hnttlll Itiilidingi gioup |H<||)I ind lil> Inmoiu, jrfunlltnol ||. lllfiiil program!, profit rioting end nit Him w.rVUj undilkni. 

Apply In person or send resume tot 

Motorola, Inc. 

Route 1, Box 223 

Soguln, Texas 78155 

The employment OWce U located on Highway 46 near tha Guadalupe County Atrport. 

 frjuol Opportunity Employer M/F 

ANALYST PROGRAMMER 

We require a self starter looking for a ground floor opportunity. Requires COBOL and 36o/37o DOS experience. CICS experience desirable. Send resume and salary experience to: 

Patrick J. Hamilton, Executive Director •: 

South Texas Computer Center, Inc. 

P.O. 
Box 1o78 

Edinbcrg, Texas 78539 

 an equal opportunity employer 

CONTROLLER 

For Border Manufac luring 
(ceiL'ljf starling operations, offering onrque career op- porlunily. C.P.A. or BS with 
/nojor in aceoonling, 5 years minimum experience in general and cost accounting, 
Mcx;ccn Cwpofoie and Fax laws. Bilingual, English- 
Spamsh. 

Starling salary open. 

Focwatd resume, Jitling prfor positians, fespansibililles end salarfer in both Spcnish end Eng'ish lo; 

Ing. Corfoslujan 

P.O. BOX 1435 

. 
SeaYiUio/CalifomiD92o73 

 wilh copy lo.- 

Lie Rolando Mores 

Wonltnty, H.L. MMKO 

SALES TRAINEE 

MUSICAl BACKGROUND 

* SALARY OPEN 
OLMOS MUSIC CO. 

If you have a good 

 telephone voice and a 

 pleasant personality, we can train you for: 

• Top Solar/ + Bonuses . 
• Excellent company benefits 
• Good location & working conditions 
• No Selling 
CALL 

MRS. KNOX 
684-7811 

S.A. 
(SAM) GREENE 

LAKECROFT, INC. 

A Division of U.S. Industries 

Need people to train in the 

REAL ESTATE Business. 

WE HAVE PLENTY OF LEADS 

AND NO SHORTAGE OF FUNDS 

* ** DRAW PLAN AVAILABLE 

CALL 822-5259 uv.. ..i»»« •*******~ir,*..***,*. 

USED CAR SALES 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET iJs looking (or 2 experiinced used tor salei people. 

.If .you don't plind long hours and hinhcsr commissions in town with all the fringe Bene- fits and thtm same. 

SEE BILL TILTON OR JAMES GOLDENBERG 
TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 

94oo SAN PEDRO 

AVON 

 says 

MIITTHE NEW YOU. rtirFw«g4od M lith ft hwi eilio romy or.d new 
Mir Ji. t'mwt a whsJe, HIM tKtt.vj 

226-o941 

FIRE ALARM SALES 

 furl or full |Jm«, dJ/eCr and homo calei, Makt mwfl corrvnltilon on par! (hint boiii Ihon your full lime salary. Fi>Jl |lm« earnlaat unlimited. 
JJOail.OW week. Oreaf lead pro- gram, r-cr InlwvUw* Mr. Robcrli ot 
Jjl-illl 
6* a ipedol Mome Fvrnlil>lno Sa'ei 
Repr«tenlaM^a al home, spar* time. 
Minimum tld wetldy wlory. For in- l»rvl*w, wrllt Expfeii-M»wi Box 

' ' ROUTE SALES 

• 
Pit Shlair fitet 

M1.11TO 

 an Llf« l> iMklno ffnrj' 
' Ihol o/e rrlir*tlirl In tolei monaarnient lo earn wo kl J« yion. Thru vtar 
Valn I no nrooram, trhH tloftrna inuiry opin. Ha. nnry Tnvllfd, 
C. Ornn. CLU 
3iS-!Ul ff«l>iilly BmiM«yir 

 n oiiTTi Wot vou~oi 
>pr<i>.|lli» cnnlllid ol 

 being nccepfod /or 

EXPERIENCED 

COSMETIC 

SALES PERSON 

' 

PfRSONNUDJPr. 

RHODES 

WONDERLAND 

. 

_ __ Republic. Per»nnjn^ S«rvic« 

RESIDENTIAL S 
J 
" 

Want on MforlunMy lo loin nn el kKHIihnt \Hl Rtollor to wo.k tmr. nnd «nH>y nwklna nioiMyf Coll Lor 

Co; you Itarr. to Mil n o«Hl produc oiHl Iraln tnmt Pfller roultrncn 
Aill. of lift Iniurontt, voccuurn or boelnHn. \fyj\ oornlnm, kfldt nr training ut our cotl. ColL 7M4U3. 

YOUR OWN AGENCY 

R. B. McMullen 

681-T221 

IMMEDIATE 

OPENINGS 

FOR 8 MEN 

Mi Wtik lo'llal ohm >ou qJc'Jv. 
II T'"i cr oWi't. Full line w«i. Nt» 
SMlhwtil SMehbty p'sn! Kci (rrolcd 
[lvci.1 Jotl line TH SIM Artorio. G3 la 

1 ' 
I Vt\t. For inlinr 
736.6269' 

SALESMEN 

ExpciJervccd Bilingual rei^dcti- tiol lalctrrcxi for one of llx: farg<?it ho.r.e buiWeri in Sen 
Antonio. 
For appt. call 

924-4367, 922-45o1. 

Secy-Bookkeeper 

Fipfdeite pi«tened fn tcntAuctiin 
' 

RHODES 

WONDERLAND 

 now interviewing fo/ 

INSIDE COLLECTOR 

SALES AUDIT CLERK 

(experienced with 1o kay adding machino) 

ACCOUNTANT 

 fitment opporlemly for dig reed intivirftiai in aaovKling with 
VBried txpcrientet' in general toipoiate accounting dutiei. 
Prefer tnan»fa(l«rfng end tail 
<mouflii*g background. Thii pau'lion hatextellentpolenTro] (or orfyaacemtEt. Sdary open. Ii- felltnt bcn«fil ptagran with Ihe eraplofer poymg oil toils. Send ttiune with lalary hiilory lo fadMo'e present and required lafary nnd avalfable dale lo rvpitir-jfox 2827, 

FULL TIME 
Wit-r* swi, ilerSu, rfx r iol( i, 

 ho« yw. W7,y kDk fe 
*y"*g. imeftre [cb? Cofl r. 

Igkpcyiny 

| 
1oo1 S.FIoreiSt. ' A 

 a yoir want the thing? Tn life thai kei money 
1t> acquire? Are you 

 ouna, pmenlabk, o/iti Inlclllgent, floMer? II so, a future In specie!- 

 f c he m l e a l sales with AMERI- 
HLrM can oKord you worldly poi- culoni, financial sccuvlly few will w«r Obtain. Coll oc write: SIcn B*r- y. Anicrichem. PO Box 5W, San 
.ntonlo, Tx ?g?»?. 513-H7-J.3M 

 eld. perion, coll 73S-SOCO 

F 
YOUR 
BACKGROUND olei or cvjtomcr service, Your lal- 

' may tit our needs. We are rook- 

 for on aggrculvo self ilarlct ii not saNiFled with tcis Than 

 no per week Licome, year around, refer mature married p^son vrho 
•ait i to get ornxjfj If rant I a My and i wllllno to v.-ork to do It. Call 2J7- 
119. 

WANTED 

Experienced Person 

 for Purchaii-ng 4 Quololion woik for Jofge induilriol dJs- irifculof. Musi bo fa-™Car willi induilriol luppl.'ci as well as p.po valves and lilfrngt. 

APPLY 

UROY HUTH 

The Perry Shankle Co. 

/ 
/ 
REAL ESTATE 
•/ |/ 
BXFV\NSION OFFER r r 
Trainees and ExporrcrKCd 

'e/jo.-rol Inveilmptit opporlurtUk* af- ardcd you- Training program super- lied by SA's lorcmc^l d'cector ol 

REAL ESTATE 
Needed: lor Ncrltiildo office, experienced and aparc-isive. 

TOP COMMISSIONS 
IM U3S. JI1-77A* 

"Com* Stll With Ui" 

Ve need 7 people to iell fleal El- ale. 
Llccnto preferred. We hove 

 fcrlhitrf* ond Sculhsldc locolions, ixcv'lenl opporfynlllci, t r a I n l n o. rovp Insurortce, etc. Call Robert 
:or1ei or David Roma. 
H-J7! I 
AL LSTATe 
Mi-mi 

•£ CREDIT if 

G o a d opportunity (or experience credit derk or collector. Good &ah ry and txMeflli, dltceun.1 prlvlleoe 
Equal opportunity employe-. 
CA 

1W4 FOOD 
SALES 
11» 

Cor r- exp. comm. bonui. Tram 
Call John S33-o1S1, 1W3 G. South 
Croii. J&bi Inc. Pl<icen>ent S«rvlc* 

PLACEMENT 

SERVICE 

 su.ooo *•r, 

-A-AIAMO 

JrFHE PAI 

R«lall faihlcn ifore mar, 
o1 IToor tup. exp. wm tram, 

 a'e in io\)1h*rn par) of U.S. 
3ii Rtrtfl ._^orm_ _ 
_2":**?? 

Programmer/Analyst 

!xpert<nctd tn att*rr.b!er rar>aua[« 
:n IOM MA-3W, RCA Ipectrn 7o or 
Jftlvac fW ood above. Ovr annUctr 
'ooni ar# Wo% l>uitr>eii- oriented, 
*>d ul« Horn, IMS, OCR, commuol 

 tpMlfna ond rnvfiU'rorgilni 

-. . o.i n UnlvtK MM, Tfili H 

CM Oppar11,\hy le tiOer o new do fa rocitlVa IrKlllly al Iht nrauod 
'oar ana 
QTOW v«Hh 1he company, 
M>. KvyVen<folr. ??4o1ol, 

_..H Co., P.O. oox *w, ion 
', Vnm. 

OFflCE MANAGtR 
Degree in accounting 

X> iniwiJyeMi^wkei-tr^xe in c'l j*Ci»ol cue Biting. AJnwKrro. 
[fve cbll/ CMipric!. Wiry of»n, all 

 y Wiel li, frea p-1 

Lasso Western 

Wear, tnc. • 

6623 5. Zarzamora 

SHOPS 

MANAQER THAININO 

11 up l HS. I nied I now. s» cQ 
Mr. Zcru H3-37I1 u» SW Mlnlory 

Jftbi LJillmHtd piacenia)' 
~ '"" 

- 
Colleclor or collecllc 
.... Skiv rnro ocllvc eital 

 tlihed loan builn»i. 
Advonca ( foil at yo-j ore oWo, 335-31o1 

S«cr«1crrta1 

&MJ1S m». No aitp. reEiit with abl 
Myl *iMU» ISM Vlllogi Dr. 

RcpubHc Piri^nnil Sirvlc* _ 
" 
" 

Fak« chvartMl work 5 tfayi !•*:•« 
/orlhild* Tecalkni Coll Jant 
" 
'i*i SWA nr*nco 
Joit_J]nl|nTil»di plMinieM_iervlc§ 
Experienced Secretary 

 merol dulle ill. ofler Sivi 

TypJ^p, khorlhoitd, ornerol dulli 
>'ull U e n * l l l s . AppU. ofler 5i nvnlkriVe. LAKCER CORP, 344-XUI 

IGCRETAfJY WANTED 

 kxhxtl 
!>'<*i t\3yl (*v«h, hf>o 

C:M oj«. to «:ot) p.m. s. L1. Octroi 
_ _ 
_ ^^ 

 tVr «"t c r v. poTn TrivB. eirke, HI* nw$.( preporo tnijnv* lor mi. «.» pir 

National Company 

 hfliopouliopfora 
SECRETARY 
* Minimum typing 6o 
WPM 
* Tape D;efnlion 
* Lite ilaliiticol typing 

FulKniptoyet Btnifili 

226-6311 Ext. 272 

For Interview 

FOX PHOTO 

1734 Broadway 
An Fquol Opportunity EmpkYtr 

,[ 

WORK NEVER 
OOES ON 
VACATION 

But people do. And when they do, v>« gel coL'i From componiei who need people wirh ikiTlt fie 

* Stenogroprttr* 
* T/plifi 
* Keypunch Operator* 
* 1o-Key Operator* 
'* Gernrol Office WoiV«rs 

If you wont to work on TEM- 
PORARY alignments like thcie, ecwn lop pay lotei, and qualify far frftige b«nefiU,*ask for Belle Deoion at LoQuinfa 
Molor Inn, S.W. MVilaiy at 
IH35, between 9 a.m. ond 4 p.m. on Monday, Apiil 15 or 
Tuesday, ApiJ 16. If more convenient came to 
63o 

Broadway or call 224-9221. 
MANPOWER 

TIMPOIARYUKVKIS 

E*pw*N«w», Sot., AprU 18, 1974 
Wont Ads 
Third Poo. 

RENAL 

DIALYSIS 

TECHNICIAN 

Requires LVN or equivalent 

(Mlott Personnel Ollice 

Bexar County 
Hosp. District 

45o2 Medical Dr. 
696-3o3o £xt. 221 

„ DRIVER 
Hoavy machiiwry fiogfing en lilf bed fiutk. 
. 

* Cood riiiihg rtCMa" 

Continental Engine ( 
Equipment Company 
' 1oo6 S. Hares 

____ 
1 

RN 7-3 

LVN 3-1 1 PART TIME 
AmY Mtl. mHIR 
DttlCIOM OFNUkJEI . 

NUMIUJO IIOMT 

. I 8oJOIUNCo8o. 
344-4SS3l| 

Nurses Aides 

All Stllftl 

924-5533 

WANTED 

Experienced person fo cperolo Pipo Culling & 
Threading Machine. Afio toke chorgo of Inn PIPE 
YASD. 

Good pay—ilsady fob 

Apply In pirion 
Ellie Spenrath 
• 

The Perry 
Shankle Co. 

18o25. Flores St. 

AtR CONDITIONING 

MECHANIC 

IMMEDIATE OPfNMG 

KKMANEKr 
IMPIOY. 

KENT, GOOD WAGES, 
BENEFIIS AND WORKING 
CONDITIONS 
FOR 

QUAUflED MECHANIC'.1' 

PHONE 512 684-1ST1, 

Ext. 45 or 66 
; 

NORTHSIDE . 

INDEPENDENT 

SCHOOL DISTRICT 

S9oo fv.rj Rend 

San Antonio,Tixas 71231 

Receptionist 

Typist 

Near Norlh Side. Must type 5o WPM, 1 girl office. Vacations and insurance furnished. 
Permanent position. 4o 
Hour work v/eek. Apply in person 
STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 
211 West Ofmos Drive 

Fqvol Qfpwlinily [ 

LVN 

FULL TIME rfr ttrrixi Hurling HOOK ta. 
"MM1o1 

[ft U At. .OPPORTUH ITYJEMP LO Y E R 

 ioa bene- fcy moll. 

MaWrfck"County "Hoipllal DEltrlcl 

>. BOJC 
1479 
P.O. li Pail, T<ntq* 7 

REGISTERED NURSES 
Part time 3 to 11 or 11 lo 7 Compel- 
Itfve salary i fringe nenefllj, 

Wrirt er call MUt Wo inert 

JJ4-«>7 FrTo Hoipllal 
3tt Btrry Ranch Rd, pMrtqli, Texoi 7W1 

 if RNs ... LVNs 

Can you titvolt one or more days 

 e inky 

, r with excclcnl 

 abiiily ri rnttf p.bT(. Vnjie airl cflitc 
Nxffi ceii/cllctel MI. fVan uwteimr.ly, 
SiSO. 

736-3121 

OHIce «, Clertcol 

Typist 

6o WPM 

Accurately 

Hours 8 to 5 

Apply in person 
Personnel Office. 

9:3o to 1 1:3o 

Express & News 

 a.1 eqscl oppc/lur.ily eirpleytr 

EXP. CREDIT 

COLLECTION 

CLERK 

Must typo iOWPM. Pica. leFcpbone personality. Apply in pcrion, 

SEC Mr. Banklcr 

 lEEDS 

4o1 W.Commer<e 

J I stan l «r Dentel Sottlali..,. jt nave mlotllgente, mafu/Jly and d*slr« to werlr. Reply by riorrfwrlt- 

 letter to Expr«i-Ne*i Box 2*54 

_.-lng ogp« headh hiilory, lob expe- rience, marilat ila!<j>. age of cnlt- dren, oddreii otvt phone ncmocr. 

•RN & LVN 

NURSE'S AIDE 
DteTAKY A1DB 

AM ShlltS 

OAK HILLS HAVEN 

-8537 
• 3444SU 3 
»Q — Help V/onletf Mlsc 

CONVENTION 

Nccrftd imrediatBV- NO FEE 

Viclor Temporaries 

MIN.SI. H.ry-5 

MieSO? ' 

222-8o28 

ORIVHR, for part IKn« work, eel- 

 ctHM. No *imWng, good pay. Ftih r'», 14SO <J.^. bocp <lfc 

MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGIST eeded for irngll hoi^llal 7o miles 

Norm of HouHtM. Beau!Kyi LoVe 
LtvLnoslon arm Prevraus hoipllol 
<xp*rie nee end evrren I r«feren ce i n e c e s s a r y . Conlact Mr*. Helen i, (713> 377-tt*\t Uvlnpston, TUT. 

OFFICE NURSE-RN, busy Mfrgcon. llx JJWa.. 4V4 day week. Mis ftt 

Gruwtag firm needs technical Jypb 
Apply 11823. Radium Or. OjfrJTOL 

BE A aJLLIOAN 
GIRL IN SEQUIN 

 imall, ptcaionr ; oVJ offke In w*H skjWishcd IftlereslInQ- field. Bc-ofc- 
Beeping, typing, general routine. 
CULLIGAN WATER COND'TJONING 
"Win 37?-31H 
S.A. li*-H«4 

'MANAGER TRAINEE lolwe odclt to be IroMed ftw colfcc- 

^ose .Wiry, 219 Gunler Btog.. 2Zi-7?31 
Fee Negotiable $55o 

3ooki, knew general ktlger, 1ype llnanetal, 31Vj hrs , lown. 
Marti Ferrli 
Employ me nr A 

ROOM CLERK 
NORTHSIDE MOTOR 

HOTEL 

Exp«nGnced on 42oo machine. 
7am lo 3 pm shife. Call 

344-4511 (or oppoTnImcnl. 

^ 
Experienced 
I 
Socrelory-Rccoptionist 

5 
Fer topidlr jnwing cenpcny. 

• 
S'lDMbcRd not tcc.Llitd. [Ktllril 

 il. 6:3o6, 

 fycKl. [«fl!til cenpcnir be«efili. 
Cell ler opKir^inli 

CL'£RKTYPIST 

•xc I ling, cha I Tefigi rKj |ob, U re^lt-collecllon experlkrvco d 
L 

CclUcrwcir.!:Mini:B:JO-6. Ws> daj Frliey 

Accounts Receivable 

BOOKKEEPER i 

 accurate wtrti flgores. NCR poitlng matNno cxp. rw'fVul, JUe h-p-^O- 
ConveTrertlly leveled, Employee ben- of Us, tree parking. 4o hour, 5 day wefk. "Sorflrv nc^oltobK. Mall rrana» wrillcn reiunw To Personnel/ P.O. 
Jo*.6o12 Ssn Antonio 76oo3 
TWO OFFICE POSITJONS AVAILA- 
BLE: 1 for sta till leal - typist one* 
1 (or clerical. Opportunll/ tor cersan to trctn lnt« ftueres!fng office re• tared ftcrd w11h cood (uFure. Mutl type, be neat, eager, cilule, clll- clcnt, anrf pr«iic. Colietje flrodya!* preferable, but not icqulrcd. WOQC comfT>enjuro!e wltii oWllty orwl pro d net I o n. Excellent worklnrj catvll- 
1 lewis, beouUfuiiy decorated oltkes, 

 w bl*r. Apply In person 8:^1-11:3o d 1-5:3o. New Dank of Son Anto- 

 nio Dldq., Sulla 2o3 {ocro» from 
Seanl. 227-34/2 / 

DISPATCHER: Oi tga Ing a ihcup, 

' x e d atmssptere/ friendly belt. 

 ifO Call VICKI FKGY iSI-SUl 

SrX-IIIng ft Snelllng 1X1 Par DMkcr 

EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

PRESCRIPTION TYPIST 

Exp. n e c e s s a r y , permanent, no 

 jorit* or 5yn. Apply; In P««<V 

 be: lyplit, 5o WPM, cwrna 
^..., goad persvxillly. Tram icr oftice manager. Some eiffertfn« \n 

 uto rating or pol'cy Ivplno tirlpfu! 
Mnlmum I'ofKng (alary J375 or IM aied on cxperfrficc. Centrally tocot- d. For oryt.j U4 WW, 6T*-377I. 
EXPERIEMOiD"BANK~ 

TQmEK Nfttt'Eb 

 ipply tn piriaa lit S. WW WhIK 

TEXAS STATE BANK 

 f WE NEED TYPISTS! 
Age IS up I 14oo a motilri to tlortl 

Call Karen 73MJIJ son pedro 

 m?r°X.mMl 5^£*il* 1*1* San Pecfr 

' fiANK 

LO'AN SE'CREVARY 

 j5t be neat, personable ond \ve . 

 pc«i«iled wllh jlrono typing and ertrcllvD sMilhand ikilJt. Or.ly bonk 
Qc-ailllcd nekton need apply. Call 
JoAnn oT 2JS-I79J, 9-llom only. 

E<uai Opporlunlty Emplftyir 

Wo need a career mftufed \i,w\Kirt, ntanoacrrrnt r«p(vijtb!tjty, S n I e i 

 ackQraifnd cfcilrobk, S I o n d o r. In 
}*>d heollh and neat appearance, evening hours. Salary plus conv iton. 
PAT WAl-KER'S Flgura PirltcHon 

Salon 
*5*-UM 

For an oppslnlment v,IIh rMrs. R)pby 

Convenient houri arrancRf to work par) Unu. Guperlenca rval neceiiory, will tfo'ji. Good ipJory o.1 rj bervUli, discount privileges. Equol Onporlunl- 
1y f=n\pkiyar. Call J4J-6I7J 
___LtRfNE)? SHOPS 

^TRcico'Ch AsiiTfo^Tl~JMi6 
AJXArllillc SVIHt aell 1M* 
^) I7B.OSI& 2446 Ctinii 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

Clerk Typist 

 iiY txpcfltnce requl 

R C rt"oT^CRY"woiite(f (tr" hr* "o Ilk*J tjol exp. not requked, Excellent 
'ping nrcinsnry. t+our* 1:3o5f vliw. 

YbUR~WA'tif AD— 

BOOKKEEPER 

Expericncod far SautKside manutacluiiiK] pfant. Salary based an ability and 

(<rwwlcoga. Full time or pod li.T*. Apply, 
^ 

923-4331. 

Full or Port Time 

.MECHANIC 

 llttd Eipiritm* in John Dttie 
'fni^ustriot and UNIily Equip* mini. tTHOwlidgt af Hjrtf/qyftt: end Di'itcl Englntf. 
Gofrd Working (Qfldit.oni and 

ULAIY 
, DEPINDS OH 

 far tnlmiiiff Conlatt Mr. Jack. 
Rithordton 

COOPIR EQUIPMEHT CO. 
!7?3Brecdwar 
826-6314 

Experienced. 

SEWING MACHINE 

OPERATORS 

$1.9o Aw (rio:np«.-n -f- p;ict iatr 
All company benefils, fre perking. 

Lasso Western 
Wear/ Inc. 

, £623 S. Zarzamora Sf. 

Paste Up 

Artist 
Needed 

IMVI trltnl 4 M«*i1ii tip*'!- 

 flw'l *>-.i i litrii kid w»rk,«Bl 
H-^M^M HtWqaii biWi Md 

 lk<* wt k»»tg il«c*f>r t»», II 
* <».! fa riu E«» tf 4t*i\, dtii- 
, «a w*ik wUh !*•> mt(k Ail 

»(*<» ttr T* 
M lit* e«g 

 but* t 
If ell lUi imdi l.rili.1, pfmi llW risini it: 

The Creative Director 

THE PITLUCK GROUP 

1oo Rkhm^nd 

San Antonio, TX 762oS 

3-11 & 11-7 Inllll 

'•^If txp. Nurse's Aides 

Apply fam-lpm 

KfLLSlDE -MIAWOft 

1)1o coull Lona _ 
6J1-o6o4 

LVNs 

AIL SHIFTS 

TERRACE NURMNO 
HOME 
«M OUI 

LVN 

 lo 7, Full 
Frl.-Sal. c 

924-5533 

^CABINET MAKERS 
^CABINET MAKER 

HELPERS 

Tradesmen North 

Industrial Park 

15443 Capitol Port Dr. 

692-1o55 

Michael's Cabinets 

If Ycu Are An Experienced 

FOLDING MACHINE 

OPERATOR, • 

WeV/anr YOUIll 

Good benefits in q weU-es- laWiihed $an Antonio bock- 
Vmdeiy.Wewi!lofrcryauan noneit v/ago For honest woik, pkjs job iccuTity ond advarxcfr.ent porcntial. CaJI 
225-6551 for inlcivTew cp- 

, polntrr>«nr, 

! Equal Opporltmfly fmp/aycr 

Exp. Trim Carpenters 

Hitdcdby 

Roy Elliion Homos to do Malnl.ncrtt* Wwk 

• Gead watklng <«ndilkini 
• Company b«nilitt 
• PirmoiMnl-iUady work c«mioy.ia«4t», B.IOAM 

Ornamental Iron 

Fitter/Welder 
Truck Driver 

Shop Assistant 

Experience required 

ENGF.LS, INC.-STEEl 
4815 NVf Industrial Dr. 

684-3211 

AIR CONDITIONING 

SERVICE I'ERSON 

E»pcrl«rK«(f on commirlcal end on. 
. 
Wajej cpsn. Cult 

 far auTo olr 
. 
& repairmen. 
-rewires, conroai strvlca 
- 

PERIODOMT. . 
«»perknced, d«^lol health 

 education background preferred. 

JRLG. DlLlltlAN ADA 

 r-utl lime. Appl/ M, HlllslDe Manor. 

SMttftraiti 

Exp. Carpenters 

Naodod By 

Zachry Properties 

Apply S4oo Data Point 

Suite, 4oo 

FJolwaen 8-9 AM 

Ask for Bob Stewart 

MECHANIC WANTED' 
Shop and field service* 

Mterf iiptriir.cc h hplicubc end diitt* tnalpts. Geed warding CD^c*ilIoni. 
Ur.Swml (uniili*. F«lcry Inininj. 

' 

WoavarEquIpm«ntCo. 

?ehnDi«r»D«i)Wr 

N«w KreunfoU, T«>ot 

(512) 625-7566 (or nppt. 

PBX Operator-Typist 

...:per.eflce pre[crredf company be 

""Alamo White Truck 

Service 

CiERK TYPIST 

Gcnerel office work. 
Datvatown. 

Ca:j lor appointment. A\r. Medderi, 

$425 
Front deik. pwbl'C, type. 

NO FEE IN ADVANCE 

Mtvle Ferrii Employmwil Aow 
W HctlrlOf BfJa. 
7)4-4348 

FILE CLERK! 

Will IreUit Agi It «pt 3 day wetkt 
Call EiFhtr J3M<I1 Job Plflccmintt 
E-tiplDYiMnMjryice^^iqi Sar| 

FEE PAID $45o 

£HP. 1o kiy coder, good speller* day* ln*m. 

Marie FerrK Employment 
Ot Htdrlcfc BMj- 

Medical Transcriber 

MU Clinical Labcrolory 
HCED BXPGRIENCED 

Sccrclnry-R«cp*ionlst 

" 
' 
' nlmtr" tvfvlit, , 

>hanei, general oillc« oulki, very 
Ite lnxiX.k<eplrK)( ihortnood tietpful 
. 
For I 

Adjustment Clerk 

Fi'll tlrw. Reifwn^lWr r>osllrpr\ \.... rrpulohle corr^vany. Mal« or fcn^ale. 

1 

E*p. o»Ucf»rv N(td«4 

 to mortoo« a loVgi lob. Too salary 
Replle* conrdwlfal. Call Mr, Hood 
341~4M1i W*<mi3 oftir 7 p.m, &ot 
Sun. 
PHOHC VOUrTVWiT 

NORTHUNE DODGE 

NttDSi 

3ledyRepalrMechoniii 

Ult«f wulil 

Cat NO War u*lif 
11 AM Salurrfar 
Clint Dauorfc 
• 

Celled (713) 692-6o81 

HoBilin, Texat 

EXPERIENCED 

Leather 

Hand-Cutter in garments 

 wanted. 

ALTMAN of Dallas 

3oo5 Vm, Dallas 75216 
Phonoi 2M—747-51o) 

AIRCRAFT 

MECHANICS 

Alt ikilU ol nxiny locolions U.S. oncf 
Ovpricoj, For AppJicalion write: 

Dynolottron, 68OI Cafmonf- 

Ff. Worth, Texas 76] 1 6 

Trim Carpenters 

I oced opcrfeaced &jtxon1rotl[nfl rtm carptnlers lo do the tnikfe of our new noims on a coniroct basis. 
Pccoae CoJI MJte ot &M-77J7 

MUPHJER EXHAUST 

JxperlenoeJ, nov/ working muffler man VrtKiled. Po/ to « per haw. 
Contact Ed ot 335o Ffedrlcki bu rg 

EXPERIENCED 

Ik<l rk Motor Riwlndcr H*Wti 
Mi it iiMw AC-DC scnk* work. 

CAM. 2T4 — 821-388o 

OIN & VAonicirrtit Comfci- 

Closed Mondays! W4-7H7. Chorles 
3couly Solon. 

PLUMBERS 

Need qcaiiFIed fixture (nstaller end ielper.Texai PtumWng co^ lac. 
B71? Dolts lane o» ^1p & BfOod*ay 

ROUTE 

F«r Shiner Deer 

CABINET 'MAKERS 

V/ant pers&n capoblo ol building all 
I n t e r i o r cabinet work for liomc tmltder. can Lee. 4S5-7SJO. 

. crT«nccxt end perrrjir^nr, muit 

 hayo car. Apply »1S H. Mali> 
TO'M OEiNSON COMPANY KERR- 
V I L L E 
HEEDS 
EXPERIENCED 

_tNE T E C H N I C I A N S ; APPLY 
SERVICE DEPARTMENT. 
* 

GKADEALL Ol'IillATOB 

Caterpillar Mccbanic 

_ 

OUTSIDE TV SERVICEMAN 

Evening* and vtceke.idi. EJectranlc 

 nt prtltrrei. 735-Mtt- 

IMMEDIATELY 

Excellent Wogts 

CAnPKNTERS 

HELPERS 
LABORERS 

Report to ^14 NE Leon 41o. Alk for 
Roy 
Taylcr between 

BA'RLVErR-'STYUJlSr for rennlikd jtisp. Apply tn ptrion c"'t.3r<l !J"r. f«»nr.cl Olllie, SI. 
Anthony Hotel. 

GENERAL MACHINIST i 
. OENERAL WELDERS ct wcr«, « do/ w«k. tuna hours. 

SUPERINTICNDENT FOR 

TELEPHONE 

CONSTRUCTION 
IN HOUSTON, TEXAS 

Conduit, coble, ma.ibcle, pipe dips,. 
Mult have 3 years past e-xpcrknce. 
CALL (TO M1-SJ5o 

MACHINIST 
For lalho or mills- 

MACHINIST INSPECTOR 
Aircraft Sheetmetal Man 
SRM Mfg. CO. 
1.177-34*7. 

Service Representative 

CcnslrucHoo equipment Son Anfoolo area. Rental ond servkc, »lej expc- rfcncc help/ul. Must be sclf-itarter. 
Training octd Jeods fiKn1s»veJ. Reply to Bob Karflln, S\«*nn WcrchowUse, 
Box 2oWO, Dallas, 

DIESEL MECHANIC 
Wuil be experienced and willing 1o relccaie wilh (irowlnri cwnpony !n 
Rio Grcrvde Vciley. Canlacl: L. C. 

LOV Trueklno, Inc., P.O. 
EdTbaroh, TxV, 3IM», (513) 

HELP WANTED 

Apply 1173 ntonco Rd. 

SHIPPING <JL£RK 
: 

WAREHOUSE SUPERVISOR 
.itll esloWlshtd tocot ufxilesolet firm desires experienced thlppina derk to rain Into warehouse; supervisor. Rl- lAflwol preferrecf. Irwj^rlet toadied conlItfmItoiiy. Reply to E x p r e s i - 

Skilled end *rml-iXllled In rttlden- lal conilrucllon. 

14MI41 

An Eqixil Opp&ftanMy Fmployer 

STOKf FIXTURE 

S Cabinet Moken 

 erJenttf 
In itora Ililur.} rnn l!ru;1!on. 5,i!(Wy holed on cxperl rnce. IIS Lomar, TelFcid Store l:lx vttt. I 

KAIRDRESSERS^- 

 in. prefcrretl bul rvol fxcenary. 
S convYilu'efl, Mlclwil'i Dcoufy i|an,_ tOIA C|Ml_rto\IL 73S-4&« 

TRUCK DRIVER 

Mull t>« Db]« 1o b« Mr of town 3 riay» a w«lV. Cain 
K * J IROKEKAOR 

MtCKANIC/WeiDER 

SALARY OPEN 

CalT COLLECT (IlU 
- 
Durwead Orttn* Conilrucllsn Co, 
BOX 34oW/ Mo«l«n, T«xai 77oM 
An tgual «pp9rtunUy employer 

Mechanic/Heavy Duty 
Caterpillar 'Equipment 

SALARY OPE=N 

CoJI COLLECT (MI> 4H-15J) 

Durweed Orecn* canilrucllon Co. 
Box UW1, Hojikn, T«xat 77IU 

_An Cguol O^33 r (unity Emp1»y«r_ 

BARBER'WAMTUD 

_ 
___ 

EXP. 
ELECTRICIANS NEEDED 

_ 
__ 
3_i!»!"" __ 
_ 
___ 

KfwfToiKtd neawYleiort at C o s l l e 

_ 
- 
Wantotf: DrtivnakUtg nnd ali 

 lent help. 711-3-C^. EiperlerrCO n-C iswry. 
___ 

Painters 

FENCE CREW NEEDED 

SS3-13J1 

'Cflon needed wLUi manooerial caa- 
Wlllles ood nKdxinkol experience llri moclilnery. Apply at 4233 

- 

Experienced tn till lampung oixl r«X certnff. Trarel Invalvctf. 
Will convert Seismic Drilfen. 
Nathmol soil servkn, inc. 

P.O. BOX 34SH 

Do^ai. Texat 71314 

. ASPH'AIT ??AK;ER 

822-595o 

Se Neccslian Trabajndorcs 
Para opllcar pfedro lino concrelo a paredes exlerlofrt en ccsas exlslen- es on el area de Houston. Catlan- o trobclo y ex«rCfl!e suc!do. *>arci fiIorir.acrO.T IVnne por cob r or a fa 
Sffi. LowrenceUliy 64X-355S. 

NEEDED: WORKERS 

To opply ce*rcfetc typ* stone lo cx- t«-lor vratrs o[ exliVlr>g hotnes In 
Houston orea. Plenty af vrerfc onrf cxccllcflt pay. For mformalron coll 
-OULECT. Mrs. Lawrence. 
(713) 

PLUMBING 

Licensed Journeyman 

Experienced In repoJr and remodel- 

-ork, Schlleilno Prumblng 8* Air* 
HlorJrvg. 731 W. Hlltfebfamf. 

Pe i son j needed That would like to 

 ew troda tnitalI[ng 

 seamiest culUrlng. 
Convnlnloni 

 and bonuses paid far production. 

For inlervk* call 3J9-3S7I. 

MAN TO RUN OREASE 
AND FUEL TRUCK for heavy to-jipmcnt 

Ll^nsed beouthHon wanled. Expect- e ortlwfcd. 737-A177. 

COHSTRUCtfOK 

FOREMAN 

S5 eBIS? 
!oeoia*5g»P 
(ZMfc 
STRJCTIOM. GOOD SALARY ANO 
FRINGI- OEHtKITS. 
WRITB: Bobin A. r 

P. O. BOX MS 
BrackillvUlt, Tlxai JMJ1 
JourMrmon AC Mccnwuc 

1o y«ors eintrlence on c«nlrlFuQQl and reOprccol machinal. 

Conlacl: Fox Slnrka C«.. Inc. 
HI s. ccnyiii. Auilln, T«. 7IIO 

FJLLV EXPERIENCED 

RADIATOR REPAIR HELP 
Nt:f:OEDI TO(»woqf, tolory. 

ELBKL RadlolMt 7l*A rjono P<J, 

. tlccd •uptrteiKcd 5ub-conlractlnfl pctaleri to po'nl our new hamtl on a cnnlroct txnl». rieoi« call M1k> at 

AD-ZU-lfculpllOIIB 

_ ___^ j 
AriSN ATTENDANT 

ALSO MRCHANlc wllh Owl IOCt». 
Apply JX» Blonco B<1. 

V/onlcd WIIK 
Tola ovir nice 
Salary or <«imi 
Mr, Ortega 

 llcwtiB. xDrbia la uup tn Nn ifltTrkt, iTc?«l. Cell tittlMr 

Fourth Pog« 
Want Ad» Expf»«*44«w», Sot., April 13, 1974 

EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY 

 fOR. 
. 

MECHANIC TRAINEES 

• Who Desire Full Time Work 

' . i 
No Experience Necessary 

'•' We poy you while you learn aircraft engine oveihaul skills 
• Opportunity for rapid advancement 

EXCELLENT BENEFITS 

GARY AIRCRAFT 
—Corporttion-—>>• 

APPLY IN PERSON: 8-5 MON.-FRI. 
Personnel Office Nelson Rd. 623-2841 

 foV« FM 2536 1.7 mife* from 1H41o twin righl end fallow s'tgn to Ptnonncl OFfict 

An tqua\ Opportunity f nip foyer 

 u.s. crwi SERVICE JOB orpoRiuNinis 

Puget Sound Naval Shipyard 

Bremerton, Washington 

Immediate openings for Journeymen . 

Hol./remale 

Electrician (Marino^ 
Pipefitter 
Pipe Coverer and Insulator 
Machinist 
• . 

Shiplltter 
Sheetmetat Mechanic 
Boilermaker 
Alachlnisfs (Marine) 

 n u.Tiber of position! are available in iSe fol'owing licdps %*hkh do 
I require ihD full knowledge, ibilli and abi'ities of a journeyman. 

P/pe coverer and insulator (LlmifecfJ 
Shipfitter (Limited) 
Boilermaker (Limited) 

Co-eer appo'nlirenli w:ih luil benefit!. U.S. Cfriienihip required. 
Travel end rr.ovir.g eipuntes authoriicdin io~e journeyman Iradei. 

For interview contact: 

Puget Sound Naval Shipyard 

Recruiting Representative 
Texas Employment Commission 

4o6 South Main Ave. 

San Antonio, Texas 

Interviews April IS and April 19 

9 A.M. - 4 P.M. 

Evening interviews available 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Ad Paid for by Employer 

Skllli.Trad«i 

CHROME PLATE, iNC. 

HAS IMMEDIATE OPENINGS FOR 

 i Bench Grinders 
' Mill Operators 

• General Machinist 
• Production Workers 

Good pay—fringe benefits and working conditions 

NIGHT SHIFTS AVAILABLE 

APPLY IN PERSON 

95o3 MIDDLEX 

AH EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPlOYtR. 

$ OPPORTUNITY $ 

Invest in your fulure as a professional 

Service Advisor or Mechanic 

Both opportunities pay as much as 

$1,ooo per month. Experience preferred. 
McKenzie Volkswagen 
4225 South Staples in Autotown 

CaH(512) 854-4321 
Corpus Christ!, Texas 

WANTED 

HOLT MACHINERY CO. 

WE NOW HAVE OPENINGS FOR: 

* 3 MECHANICS 

(With Haavy Equipment Experience) 

* a MECHANIC TRAINEES . 
* 3 PORTISS FOR OUTSIDE WORK 

We Offer Many Company Benefits, Including: 

* RETIREMENT 
„ INSURANCE 

* PAID VACATIONS 
* S|CK LEAVE 

* TRAINING 
* IAUNDRY SERVICE 

TOR APPOINTMENT CALL 

MILTON BILLINGS 
684-T11 1 

Experienced 

DIESEL 

MECHANICS 

Mission Chevrolet Heavy 
Durv Tfuch Depl. needi 3 
IIUCK mDchon'ci Cxpeitcrxod 
\n working on heavy du\y dfoiel*. 
Top pay, benefits, hoipi- lolizalion and excollcnl working corvd tioni. 

Contact Horvoy Habv 

923-2311 

9o2 S.W. Military Dr. 

TRUCK DRIVER 

Mull be cxpC'Jtnctd Jn howling pro- due* and wJllJXj lo -relocate with growing compcny 
In Rio 
Grande 

VoEley. WoufrJ iravtl T**oi-Louli]on' na Terrilo_ry,_ /prefer ove 

Inc 
?tt»-jSJ J) MMMi: 
Hair ityfiil wUft folk gant lalon In D1|on corrwiliilon. 
3S3T. 

(•ina (or tie 
Plow. I" ' 

Collfwtj, 

M'ACHtKE'SHOr* 

Cxp«r,enc*d 
ED mochlnlili, 
Talhi 

 nA<| mi|| ope refers. 
Elf>clror>'o1er 

PReCli<OtJ rAFO. CO., ^H4 SnCkili 
Rd., 6U317o. 

.•EXPERIENCED 

Plilmbers A Helpers. 

POR APAHTMCNT WORK 
T4xo» Phimbrn» c«., me. 

I7IP Coltl Lent, elf 41o & Droo4*q> 

WAIHFfNANCE ENGINEERS tric* *i'h rvthcrkcl ttpiritrnt fei 

* All («mpoiy ttrtfili 
* ItJojy open 

APPLY IN PERSON TO 

GARY BALDWIN 
1923 
NEVADA 

AT [ijj«1 Ofpodj'ui)' trap!sy(t 

MECHANICS 

( wilh own hand tool») 
' 

TRAINEES 1 

*',,(wiiK ambition ip learn) . 

Apply in Ptrion aT 

641o San Pedro at Jactaon-KelFer 

• 6746 N.W. 
Expressway 

 at Wonderland 
18o1 S.W. Military Dr. 

• 534 Fair 
Ave. 

EXPERIENCED 

WOODWORKING 

SUPERVISOR 

Knswledgenhlc all l/pcs al n-.ilI m< 

Apply At 

CREATIVE CABINETS 

3215 N. Pan Am 

HOUSE PATI^T^R: 

,*rtwiced orjy. Br\rth or.3 em 

 men. Atio nc*d ip/ovmen. salofy up to 13 W, OtKii. 

MACHINE OI'ERATOK 

WAREHOUSE 

 lartlng salo/y {1.7o. Paid vacation r c e hosplio<iia!lsn, 
*, day wo 

.reek. Thaie wltn oood potential w rise fait. AppJy J14/ Aeo/n HI.K 

TRUCK DRIVER 

I-3S iTorlrnp lo'ory. Pold vacotta 
I r«e hoip Ira 111o11 on, 5 do v wo week. Those wlih good potential w rise fa ti. /.pglyjilj,' Aoarn Hi:' 
BtcxJ« and loader of^roicn, 

• ir men experienced. Cetifrol 

 ercerj Carpenter v.« 
' A exterior remod iOm-.j.^K?Ji7] or jT7 

BODY fAArT 
Sindert Tep & r 

JccK Fishtr-L«wli Sondrn 
Illf Amtln St. 

SalliioclrMi plul il vrtrot you pel.. 
^ 
- 
^_. with on Expre»-Newi ciotirtltd ad. PHOUE YOUR WANT XI 

MECHANIC 

 eicp«rl«i«d Cfwyjier O- 

Tor A'MXfwIC. CWI Coflyon 1.ok 

SHB&T HOCKBAS WAHTEO jl) 4»-mi, Hflndo, Ty. 

GREAT COMPANY BENEFITS 
AND EXCELLENT WORKING 

CONDITIONS 

TRAIN TO BE AN 
ElECTROLOGIST 

(Permanent Hair Removal) fcieef DpfM!uni!y for bright c~a fjt- 

 tkai peist.n w'lh gcs^ iiei sk~% and gtliaftive perina'ilf to be 
Iroiced in Hiw VciV c, ai elec- 
Ircljg-'it fer Itodi'rg DtpT. sla.-e 
Ztv.iv Sclsn n ihii (fry. Exsensei pcd. 
Mrt. MiOonoJd 
736.4177 

Applications now being 

 accepted 

 for: 

EXPERIENCED FOOD SERVICE 
MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 

If you are interested in an opportunity with one of the fastest growing and most dynamic organizations in the 
Southwest, apply in person. 

HANDY ANDY, INC. 

3ooo E, Houston 

Monday-Friday, 1oam-12pm or 2- 

5pm 

COMMERCIAL 

PRINTER 

 lnT«rvl«vring tor 

NIGHT SUPERVISOR 

'Lil hid isrt |..-FM<inir !.--[(- Kt. 
'Ltl hcve «r3w'fjgt of b'o.ay old 
(Fit! prinliBg. Sclary epen. Serd ciaTe fo 

JKAKE & FRONT END 

MECHANIC 

- 
— 
Apl*.—Hoebocr Rd. between 
& VOTKLC- Jackwn. Experienced 

ESEL SEMT DRIVERS NEEDED year «p- required • ly.g rowtii 

 t-(f3, Wntern stales. 6o) XI54 

 r co.->ditlortog Inifolters arid la&fl atofj nc«fed wltJi crp. In shcc! 

 tal__duct work. Call 3*1-13o1. 

BARBER'WANTED p prices. ¥\4J Plcovonlon Rd. ?34 iB. 

 iMilol Iron Worker, good pa1 

_ .marking eortdltlcnj. Fcrnwr,enl alt Mr. Seltfcl after i p.m., 
6K 

 jMCt 

DAY SHIFT 

FULL TIME or 

PART TIME 

No Experience Necessary 
Cfetui lutond r.eot a j: pro ring. 
Prefer 18 years and over. 
APPLY IN PERSON 
6967 SAN PEDRO 

See Mr. Riddle 

* BRITTANY BUFFET 

SOUTH5IDE 

 cedi; Sfllatl P e r s o n n e l , Evpci need Cook & Ficcr Pen o n n c 
<mcCcci Vcrpon PctNl, rjtS SW Ml 

Dr. Ho pcrvc eotl* p'coie. 
~ 

 good i 
N t E D I 

, Coll D^ra. 

HXP. 'COOK 

 dependable, r e f i n e d : pen 

 allon.^U'r.ge bcneliU 
Cont-cnlcn 

 aled lo ell bus ilopi. D8.3 R fonf. 317 H. ST. fAaf/s it WA1TRES5BS i( 

Perrncr.tnl lull lime or.iy 
Do/ of evening iWfls 

F«x*-aeM--v;i.-.e-uve Music 

V/C wf:i Iraln-Sa^cry orxl lips 

TOV/HE PUMP CLUB 

RED LOBSTER 

INNS OF 
AMERICA 

Hoi opaning* for lh« Follow* ing po si lions: 
* Day Cashiers 
* Safad Preparation 
* Dining Room Servers 
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED 
WE WILL TRAIN 

Apply in pet ion 

9 am-] ] am; 2pm-4pm 
451 1 NW Loop. 41o 

Waitress/Waiter 
1oPM-6AM Shift fjl! rime pe.-.TKaiat fuiiriei 

* Paidlnsuro^ce 
* Vocolicn 
* & Holidays 

APPLY 1o MANAGES 

Dflbbi Hsus* ReilcuiocT 

Internalioaol JUrpert 

 locotcd inside moin terrrint bu.lding. 

 t 
82^-3212 

Ihol'i wSor oiu E.O. Terrpj. art. 
TKey wofl »h«:\ ll-ey tan — 
Al the a«i9^ief.H iiey <Xoo(«. 
Weuldn'l youllc la ia:rill-t.»S 

NOFeeE.er. 

EMPLOYERS OVERLOAD 

349-1371 
7o77 Son Ptdro 

Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

Jlm'i Coffee Shop 

^ Frontier Drive tns 

* Fry Cook 
*• Cashier 
* Curbelte. 
* Dishbussing 

For locations wilh openings j cell 

828-1496 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 

HOME DELIVERY CARRIER 

IN DEL RIO 

Excellent income for 

 someone living in this area. Work one nom each morning before 6:oo 
A.M. 

For moie inforrrolion co'l 

Collect DAVID LENN 

225-7411 txl.291 or 478 

An Equal Opportunity 

Employer 

CARRIERS 

* WANTED * 

ADULTS 

BOYS-GIRLS 

MOTOR 
ROUTE, 
BIKE, 

SCOOTER ROUTES OPEN fOR PAPER DELIVERY. 

4iOO A.M. TO OlOO 
A.M. 

'SAN ANTOMlO MORNING" 

EXPRESS 

CALL MANAGER 

664-2347 

'ROUTES O'PLNNSAR1 

THUNDERB1RD HIUS-ROIUNG 

SIDGE 

LACKLAND 

NORTH OF LOOP XIO 
ON FSEDER1CKSBURG 

VALENCIA—El DORADO AND 
DIS1RICTS OFF PERRIN MITEL 

ROAD 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
SAN PEDRO HIUS 

IIVE OAK 
RANDOLPH 

CAU MANAGER* 

684-2347 

AISO ROUTE 
EAST FT. SAM 

CAllo55.'J344 

•«.••»«» 

APARTMENT HOUSES 

ROUTES OPEN 

BIANCO - BROADWAY • 

JACKSON KEU5R 
CAIL MANAGtR 

'225-7411, EXT. 264 

An Eqvjql Opportunity Employer 

• 
EARN 

$ 
EXTRA 
I MONEY 
$ Work From v Your Home 

A 
You can earn extra 
^r money In your spare 
* lime directing the ac- m tivittes of rhe San An- 
T tonlo Express news- 
• paper boys (age 1 2-1 8) 

Y in your neighborhood. 
6p 
This extra money can 

T be yours by working 
A purt time each mornfng. 
A 
We need counselors 

O in the Valencia - El- 
I dorado - Lackland AfB 
» ar*a.i 

 fer app-oiilntnl pfeaw <oll 

684-2347 

An Equaf Opportunity 

A 
Employer 

H«tfi W«rt« 
MlM«" 

< 

< 

< 

• 

+ 

WANTED 

5o 

DEPENDABLE 

PEOPLE 

We naod 5o dapendobla peoofe to work in ovi new beautiful offke'i. 

Mult Save* a good piemanl 

 voice and 'pleating pei- irxvaUly. 

Mull Lka lo talk on phorw. 

FREE PARKING 

BUSLINES 

SALARY—BONUS 

225-2818 
OR 
225-2819 

AnEqual Opportunity 

Employer 

CREW 

MANAGERS 
'275 WEEKLY 

Must have good run- 

 ning car or station wagon. 

Must like working with 

 young people ages 12 to 
T4. 

 advancement. 

PAID WEEKLY CONTHT 

Call Mr. J. Walker 

225-2818 or 225-2819 

Service Desk Clerks 

Full time and Part time 

11 Weekend)—7 to I Sot. 7 to 4 Sun. 
2) Weekend* 4 hr>. Sat. 4 hn. Sun, 
3) Full ttma I P.M. lo 7i3o Men. Ihru Friday. Alternating 

Sat. * Sun. , 
4| Full tlmo 6i3o A.M. la 1 P.M. 
Man. 
Ihru Friday. Alter* 

 noting Sat. A Sun. 

Apply in Porion 

Personnel Off fee—9l3o'to Ilt3o 
Express & News Corp. 

• 

DISHWASHER 

"'"'NAPLES""'"" 
RESTAURANT 

321o 
Broadway 

* 
COOK 
* 

* 
OISTARY AIDE * 

EXPERIENCED 

Foi Hun'kig Homo. Apply 

Carriage Squar* j ' 

HunTna Mom* 
( ' 

8o2o Blanco Rd. 
344-4SS3 
< j 

 rVAAAAft^UWVVWMvO I 

SHORT ORDER FRY COOK 

For Drive In Theatre 

 o * ntgfcM p#f i«h. 

N PlfSOH 

FREDERICK5BURG RD. 

DRIVE IN THEATRE 

 o>t«f * p.m. 
_ 

RETIRED MILITARY 

PERSONNEL 

 convenience ilcre rranager. I 
Insi/rcncc and profit sharing. I 
No experience necetiary, we I 

 only. 

3oo W.Jones Ave. 

Dealer Distributor 

OPPORTUNITY 

Up to $2oo.oo 

 per week 

Gross Earnings 

• 
We can pJcce on iodependcn' 

ITPdeoler m an eitabJiihcd o/ llTa 

Bit* 
-co *3r 

 linglo copy salei' nlativp. Coih bond « 

WAREHOUSE KEEPER 

TRUCK DRIVER 

Commercial Weenie ncctisory, apply 
In person. 11o1 Broadway. 

13.M Hr, Ant. Warehouse 
- 

Ex p. In warehousing! 4-5! Fas) rarsCA 

Call Jotin SU-o15, 2iOJ E. SCulh 

CroiS. Jobs Inc. Plocemcnl Scrvl 

Atlracllvc wallrcsi r.ocded (or Toot 
Toot Top Room. Good pa// call 
PE3 7791 or 733-o55? afler 4 p.m. 

Jfcprxi good vehicle needed. 

Call 225-7411 

 oxt. 278 

BctMt i n 7:3o an «ru) S.OO fn o 

A?pJyin ptnon 

 fxjxeu Pjbliitirg CoTpanf 

UtirwiEol Third St. 
Son An.'cnio.leiai 

MAINTENANCE MAN 
Won led, with knowictfgt or air cen- ditlonng. 
7711 D ROADWAY 
IMn 

PART TIME 

Ideal for STutHnlt 

Hefp ctean commrcctol 
Dalldlngi 

4:7o la 1:33 AM (Morning) 

North Snn Antonto 

Ideal working cgrrdlllam 

Advance lo |oa ipptrvlsor 

Far inlervltvr, write oil details otcul vo-jrieif 

To P.O. Box Mil 

AusUn/ Texai 76764 

Won fed: 
Full lime day 
Barfrei 

 dress, parl t'^nc nlgM wcllress. Ap- ply 
In pe/ion, Unlo.i Jztk. 2o1] 

McCullougii 

CLUD BWAHA DIK 
(O.i Tht RLv»r Walk) 

Needs eicperlerced cocktail vcill 
_ _. mull trt ncal and aMracllvc. 3-i 

 nlf/ils a v.e*k depending upon 
' 

 b'lll/- ,M!o nted en exxfi dr 
1 borlfnder for doyihllt, 6 dov 

 reck. P i c a s * iupp^y 
' 

WAITER-WAITRESS 
CO'CKTArL HO'STrrSS 

KITCHEN H^LP 
* DIET COOK* 

Apply 9-T. 111o Gmjir Lone 
HILLSIDE MAKOR/ IJ1-C«« 

NEED IfAMEOIATELYL remapc cook (or youth camp. Room 
. board 
Ir-.clixJed, 
June 
Jnd-Aug. 

Olh. w\,st hov« al kOJt J yrj t*p. 

4 rofcreoces- W<-7777. 
VANTED: Full llmo ptrion to tor. 
:onl<jn«e siyio Cr-.ineio food or p-j ic resla-jrant which hoi tempi el a-.rj vor:ed mervu of Chores* sly mcoli. Apply to HUNG FOflG, ^; 
" • idwa/, 
San Anltn'o. 
A^k l< 

Waitress & Counter Girl 
'leawnt evening work, txxjrj 5:3o 
3. 
Experience end reference* re jvlred. $1 .IS p«r how. Apply a 
BOV;LERAM^ 

• Part Time Help- 

Apply In pencn 

!ey 
Hcvxl Rarkc/i, Oontftrn, t» 

HoutlntJ, nicot p'ui SO lot y orxJ Up* coll 512-Ki-379i. 

COOKS 

 wilh experience for imrsifiQ home 
924-5533 

Experienced Cook 

7 to 3. 5 dayt 

Ap pi 1 Medical Aru Cc FteajSho 

 kifw op ihllli. 
. 
. 

T A C O OGLL, iM? 

 fJo phon« coll r>'e 

DAR^\AID W A I T R E S S , pJoC» 

COOKS 

3r(oVfoit C<wV, Lur^h COO*. Shor! 
Order COM. D'nwr CIrfl, Oflrvquo 
Soioyj 
Artitt. 
Full lime (tirrav fa 

Jufie, July. A u o u i H . Exptrtenctt arwj r«l*r«ie« neetitd. s«r.d r«'.nr,< 

Of Thf Hull, 1oo1 JuncHoi 
. 
Ktr-rvllle, 7M3S cr co!l Mr» 

O'Koro H4-3XO Rcaicncb't hcuiL^( 

:ll*rj lr>r I'ctlh Old Rar-rt-f ni- Mj*t b« obit lo 

Waitress/Waiter 

BvtRrfig tKJII. Apdy In pirun 

HOLIDAY INN NORTHEAST 
3>>S Pin Am Hwjf^jfQj^»olt 

AM Waitresses/Waiters 

Apply (n Piricn 

Dcnn/s Restaurant 19B 

£1o2 N.W. Exprntwny 

'ickup & Delivery Drivers 
Minion Ctevroltl r.wds ? peop!« lo 

 iovc cars cround dea'trshlp, nlchup rxl delivery. Mujt r.ave ocod oVJv ig accord. Gooa poy <v*f h*>rv>*fu 
Jcnlocl Horv*y Hcby, 
M3 SW MllllQJ-y Dr. 

5urrou. 
• ' ' igt, g o o d pay, 
I oflcr T2 noon. 

 tf RIVER ROOST if 
ITALIAN CUIS1ME 

•Icrs arj vrollreisei, full t.n._ f llmtv-V/EEiKeMDS. 
L u n c h 
*. Over 31 yco-'i. Apply 7)\'/t S, 

COOK 
I time, jomc e*f«rfencs. Cootf rtlr.a pay. 51 n Iff Sleek House 

V / o ' - 
!ey 
Hcvxl 

___ 

Site* C«ck V/ on fed .. in- mi, ni-j] ]a .. 

Rd 

NO FEE IN ADVANCE 

 tV.arle Ptrrl^. Employrrwnf Aijcrvc' 
1 HedrlcV BttJj- 
23i-d3* 

Maintenance 'Man l be wllirrrg lo work. Experience 

4U Glbtii 
Sp. 
_. 

Convene, Tex. 
I dSI-Ui: 

An Equgl Opportenlty Empfcyer 

Allfactive HOiltii- Sot and Sun 1 to 
" 
Sfi c/rt I rvj Corvdo mlnlu mi. 3-W 

School"oroduate, "Short""hour*" ar- Soluroov. Rolollnn ihlii 

9 AM-2:M Pi'A cry] 
3:JO PM-I P 

Ho/rhilde only. Call i^2-5JW betw-en 
3-4PM. 

^********** 

RELIEF NIGHT 

AUDITOR 

Ix^rrrve ?r»lrnH 
Kji.il II prr.,-7 c.m. 
UecVtn^ FKfrr.'Dt'j, 
227-o217 

LADIES! Ecrn n-oiiCy for your vt callon rvo'ivl WorX yo-r o^n ncr^l aorhood v^llh Lui^r Cosrr.cllcs. 24 

 r PIANO PLAYER if 

I7cedtd to occompony lemo'e vocal isl. Musi rcod mutlc. Experienct li 
"Bhics". ProlcsiloMl oMIU-de on: oppcaroncc. 

 i4MK5clltr KOON 

PLUMBER'S HELPER TRAINEt 

. No «ip*rknc« required 

ALSO yilll conildor <Jay or nln1!! _. 
I*ce iludcni lor port lime diioalch 
*r. Apply A.AAUGER CO. 6311 5a 
Pedro, rear 

Crick Mason—Touch up 

333-2451 

Fonlostlc opptxIur.My, p a r t lime. 

 nvcrlc. «uit be married. 115o per 

MOT^L'NIGHT'MGR, 

 rxperienccd r-refc^red. /Awst tw cble o rne*J tne public awl have Ac- 
:ountlrvp CKpe/Jerce. flpply In per- 
--. 1oAM lo 5P.'/, No pNwiB calli. 

I INTERSTATE JSII 

PRODUCTION WORKERS 
Witn lupirwiiery eirperlenc* 

(trrtd. iltiiift 

Shako/s Pizza Parlour 

And Ye Public House 

Hat ootnin^s for: 

Full & Part Time Help 

NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 

YARD HE'LP HEEDED 

R)r large camp's*. 

SHORT 

START TODAY 

$15o RE'S WEEK 

Coll 111 111! 

"THE PLAYPEN NORTH' 

Needs a I).-J. 

 and Cocktail Hostess 

APPLY \H PERSON AT: 

1611 Jacktoti KiMir 

Suir* 111. tAM iPf^ 

AUTO PARTS 

DISTRIDTUION CENTER hoi opening (or obo/e avcro^e Irvd!- 
Idyol to oo o*n*rol vrareho'jto wwV 

 cxfi'omcr onJor procmlna. Gao4 

 pay crxl wnef.ls. AppJIcolioni terno okfr, Qt UM N. AVjlrno 

Temporary Empl6yn:«nr 

TASKMASTER Employ mill Si 
Mil C*lirvliw Or. 
?3 

PRIVATE CONTRACTOR 
Ifcr*/ hiring dln'ng hoIL supervisor end cii1i'a.n1 dining hall Sgp*rvJior. 

 uM hove Food i*rv,ce bockjrou- " 
Hh sli'o.iq supervii&ry cft'iiiy, So'i 

 wMh ooJNIy, An txteHrent cpporlunl- ly II YOJ q.Ollly. 

Apply Brtfq, MM, 

Shcppara Air Fort* Bate 

 or conlntl W*t>vUr CMlrqcfsri, . , 
P.O.no/ K>l, VTehlln Foili, T«x. 

CotMa i wcilrtii r<fded f&r tjii " fni ni.-ih side cLb. rV?O57;, 431 lor cppr. 

Temporary 

Tirr-psrary Employminl 

TASKMASTER fimpliytmnl j«rv'ti 
«3i J? t^irviewj) r, 
W-w I 

PHOUE VOUK vVXrir AO-ni-iw 

DELIVERY DRIVER 

Delivery of freih po-jlfry to San An 

) srcres. nnerc-ol uVIvw'i Kcems 

Be bondoble 
Good pny^'cal condition 

AL PLAN A PAtD 
VACATION 

Apply IB ETd Love, IMS HBgn11tqt_ 
MOTEL WSKCLfRK 

7AM-3PfA, 5 
(Jays, Won-Frl. 7Ai 

3PM, I'arl Itrr.c Snf. fr Sun. Apr 
?-5, Mon.-Frl. Townhouie M&Iel 
< 
».E. LOTp <1o 

FL/LL TIMH JOB 

"•or Acllve Dcptniable ptrson, Pr rcr o>porlc-nc« In So'es and v>orV.fn 
^Hlh people. Pref«r blilrrpmi. Co 

S^A'N'LtY D'RLfG 

 periw k wilt 

... jul'jolno 

 w tr.le rettliy] perrnonent wor! a lulure. Afrport o'eo. 

Only neat ofrp*arlng rued apply. 

 iieo witK le start, 

HUB y/or|J«td Dr. 
3*».3HN 

EARPJ WHILB LEARN?NO 

Flr« eq-Jpmint malnlenooc«. Excel' lenl opporl^nlly lor rtl'abl* men In- 
Hreittd In full lirrm, r>crrr-anerrl cnv 
E!?/™:^!r. Apr] y jM Son do u^R d^ 

Employment Counselor 

II yc>u art ob16 lo talk to p«or... hrjYt ou1<iorng plfionallly 
1- lain nblllty—irils could b« IOT yovl 
Call ilKTM 
H» AOU.rt liv<y. 

" F U'L L~ Ti" "PAR f ~T"IM e ~iT R L p f'Jt-tl Fry Horr-lt'fllr Pliitn lOllldrt 

~ j 11 e r), //ale oid lei 

Motel Manager 

Mull tiave e*p»rlenc«. iO 

 roam rr>ol«l, •xctrlinl laco- 

Hon In San Antonio, good pay. 
V/r!1a Exprtn-Newi DDK Ml/. 

 ple. 
Pref«r blilnoml. Ca 

 y, GMI pay, excellent ccm rerili. Apply K2 S. Flores, 

Goiollrrt. Appl/ Jn person, 9 
1716 AuilLn }{«v, 

 ion under -^. ,.»..-- 

 vfork and^r rnovlna ol rurniru- 

 ydtri larfx opt. complex. i\o dflllfr 

CU"STrbOl"AfJ)rWAtJTEb~lor evtnl- irilT. OeMr.H ovallnh'o. Call /^trc 

'tfion lor~So"ieT"i"ilFe iloTk; wo. 
Mull bo fwrrrt v;ori<ir, pKpr/lfr 
Ntlplul (xjl nol ntceivor/, v-'wk e 

 ucr ivui work In oHice a-W v.<v hsuve, port llrr.e R.l}pmr Solar nttdenl upon Obtllty. 71&-U69, 
Mon.Frl. 

, 

Apply In p e r j o n TH 

AU, Dfrfg. 5y_ _ 

 wiek, 
J rV,t 

DfSPtAY PERSON port irm« boils eviry olhtf wri 
Juilurti r. Keren Spflrllna Oicd» 

Apply 'n pirjsn i;orr-> ftor 
Me 

So* -rfs. Mlllrrort or tff. Darker 

1 or cvir, 3 dayi 

Gtr-e/ol OflJce rwyj v/oretvcwii work. 
Muit hav* commtrc'al llc«ns«, iolo- 
•— ^ deperrfenl 

-5pm Mon-Frr. 

Housokoopor 

For Apt Complex 
Ccrrilol \Vlcidcrilt area, errrwrent poi'llon, Mull tav< cnjpwTonon. 

.. _ _ t 
, _ .. _ for txritflenced Aulo Upho 

.on oclllly. 2i4-M»9, lUrv rrv»n ol Cr.NTER AUTO R 

PAIR. 2737 ROOKVCHI, W^ilW, 

"the Security Compon/" is again expanding their guard force. Full and pail IFme 
Secuiily Officer positions are available. If you want a cKa'fentjmg career fn Ihs ever expanding ffeld of security, apply in pcnon Mon.-Fri., 
8AM-6PM, 5o1^o-o/19-12. 

STANLEY SMITH 
SECURITY, INC. 
APPLY* IN PERSON 
111 WESTOLMOS 

TRANSIT 

BUS 

OPERATORS 

Start at $3.33 hr. 

After training 

APFLT 
8oo 

W. MY RUE 
227-5371 

An tqjo! oppotl^«U|- f-p'o,*, 

* WAREHOUSE * 

Be.n'l IJqjot cKnit needl >rtrjcr lot Y-arerujst grjj diiicr. O>er 
75 preferred. C<vntr.ertra1 tkene. 
P«rm<]nant. full tino work. A1! con puny ber.«{ili. Alt f a r Don 
Chilian. .V,,, Ben o. Mn. HQ,-- 

DON'S & BEN'S 

6oo3 WEST AVE. al Loop 41o 

25 Ambitious 

People Needed 
* $16o Per Week * 
Muih be able to start 

I'm me did I'd/, company will 
"ain 
341-4635 

Man Needed 

 to Woik on Sptlr.kkr iyifei 

Expc»renced wjh plasiic p-poi and watedi^odf 
Apply 3o1 Bressporf 

341-2512 

 xcorxJIny Re toil-Whs I eio!e bul 
>oVJno (cr omtoltloiri couples. .. nnaocment pote.-.ltal. will Ira 

 us'ncs'S. op par] unity wMlToul eo 
UV. seoailJOO space Hire wUh me ponlblllHM. Call lor appl. 

Students or Military 

 feasanr evening vrarjc. In bo-*]k- fnlcr waiting on )ra*?. Some po ork. Houri Spm-12 mfdnlrjM. * 

 ond tlpj. References 
~ly ol once. 
ERAMA, 4T\9 Blanco 

USED CAR MAKE UU&DY 

CLEAN UP. 

ALAMO PAINT & BODY 

3-11-5GU 

PART TIME 
$3oo Me 

MOTEL MAID 

FLOWER SHOP DELIVERY 

Ao-'o or (wnale, hours 13 fa 3, Je 

 wn oreo. Conrod's Ttowcr Sfco 
6 Mofwr Dr., 7M-A!J1. 
SERVICE STATION ATTtNDA 

Full lime, 6 dayi, »i.7S tir. Apply In person 

SIU TOXOCO, W»rfaaich ol |H1o 

Hiring For Our Ladies 

PROFESSIONAL PACKERS DEPT. 

Prefer 1 8-45 years of cge, to train as professional packers. 

+ Part Tlmo Work 
* Excellent Salary 
* Ideal Warklng Condition! 
* Military Wives Walcomo 

 rrrrnjporfarion and telephone neceijary. 

APPLY IN PERSON (Male & Female) 

Between 12-3PMTO 

Eddie Manns, Detty Findlay, Allan Hall 

o625 BROADWAY 

EXPRESS & NEWS 
Motor Route Opening 
"'" 

NEW BRAUNFELS AREA 
,„„ 

$25o.oo to $35o.oo A Month ;; 

Part-Time Work No Experience Necessary 

I Yi Hours In the Morning 
I yi Hours in the Evening 

Need Good Transportation 

For More Information Call,.. 

Collect 225-7411 Ext. 291 or 47o 

Ask for Mr. Jim Harris or Mr. Salvador 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

(2) EXPERIENCED CASHIERS 

(2) EXPERIENCED BUTCHERS 

(2JSTOCKERS 

EVENINGS 5-9 

MUST BE BONDABLE & BI-LINGUAL 

ASSISTANT MANAGERS,, 

NEEDED FOR 

APARTMENT COMMUNITY 

Safary Commensurore Wilh Experience 

Apply In Person 

Beginning MoixJay, Apnl 15^ 8-4 P.M. 

Ellison Development Inc. 

48oo Frcdcncksburg Rd. 

An Eqwl Ofpodeiiiy E 

GARDENER-MAINTENANCE-YARD 

PEOPLE 
. 

NEEDED FOR 

APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
.,'„'; 

Salary Commamurato With Experlonco 

Apply In Person 

Boglnnfnfj Monday, April 1 5, 8-4 PM 

ELLISON DEVELOPMENT INC. 

48oo Fredericksburg Rd. 

STOP & GO MARKETS 
SEtKING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES FOR 

A Sfore Manager Trainees 
* 1 1-7 Night Managers 
* Port (ime I 1-7 nite mgn. 

(Fri.-Sat. ntres) 

*• Part time evening mgrs. 

(6 P.M.-12 P.M.} 

 irr.oiHjril clccn inside woik. Above aveioge slarlirvn jo-'oiy 

EXCELLENT FRINGE BENEFITS. 

Apply al EMPLOYMENT OFFICE , 

2o4 E. RHAPSODY—9 AM-5 PM 

2 FULL TIME 

DISTRICT MANAGERS 

SAN ANTONIO 
• 
EXPRESS or NEWS 

Express hours 
Nnw& hours 

3;oo A.M.-1oi3O A.M. 
1 2:oo-8:oo P.(rU 

• 

Muit havo automobile 
......,'( 

Apply fn porian 
-^ *-~>- 
• 

9:OO A.M.-l 1:3o A.M. 
'"*' "' 

I 

• 

Porsonnol Office 

Avo. E and 3rd 

An equal cpporli/nfiy fmp/oycr 

 marwgcminj.relall-llr.anW'loe 

_ _ T f u I u r«l Great tlrmtl i 
•Tiny" er Jerry *51-47» 
'-"•-, UnllmMad 
oracem«rit tervlce 

 aii> AUSTIN HWY. 
EXPERIENCEn 

\w gunlllnp swimming pools, t^cei- cnt oppcrrunlllei lor rigM perxin. 
:o_]| COLLECT, Auilln. tf7.3MQ 
".J.kj""MaT*wro/trt hos itvwol poit. loni open lor lull ond par! lime 

* mtnt, «xc«.'l(nt ilotllng pay, f i t s . /-poJy li T>«*on— T.J. l 
.uii«^rocfi, corner V/. Sourer on and HI <1 Soulri. 
Girls, co*'eafl or o I ho r w I i », part 
I.TIM work. Up Ig 1o ho. wcik, un a $3 per hour. WoVe eilra j pending cnih. Con advance. Shorp, pir.- — 
]1f, thll Is not a laltj poillMn, 
••"1, y?i-37/3, avci. 

Sunglo Service Stations 
And Convenience Stores 

••:• 
Has Openings.For" 

Day and Night Managers 

Also Part Tlmo Openings 

For Evenings and wockondi 

Apply 519 CAROLINA 

Between 3-5PM 

An [qunl Opporrunify Imployur 

ExptTlencecJ hilp needed lor <hlld coro cenlcr. Mmr bo over 31. Hcwi 
6;3o rKTi lo 12:3o pm- S doy week. or InJUirvlyrf, coll (M-56J1. bftlVER, for part 1tmfl work, col- 
<a« iiixlenl p/clerred. CommcrckiJ 
I Ice nit. Ho iriMkloo1 oood pay. T! 
?l!*r_H^.lii^L Loopjflq. 
^_ 

 ail. Mutt bi nett, mvit apply In 
PI rtg n. ai 11 S. Hot hM rr/, 

• 'DRIVER if 

 lor vholiioU flwUt, btoullM igr reundl^OJ. Af p ly_?< 3_V/. Joiaph|rt« . 
Truck Driver*" and Colll* H'^'efl 
V/onrrrl. v/e ne«l p*r5oii Inlcreifct. 
In \\tttif «rT4>loyrr]enl and olfer tiiB fr.ile>*lnr) benelilt: Gu'vonlet'l 1o k>- 

 pahl v a c a t i o n , 
' 
' 
-" - 
.. ..., pood loct 
.. 

 l I^Ca 1 1 ( «_Co; 

. 
...... 
-------- 
^_, 

 loct tf.r. Snvrfir or fAr. Edae, Haf- 

 ig i fft Tx ._ *»• JtOT 

C«rt I»_IJ1I Ci/llbrojal ffaMrlenceifL I n u a r~£TrV. 
«nd«i requJrct*. CfiOd lofary, lo t vm. CoM Hie* L«jxr 
' 

Chauffeurs 
Excollonl Pay luuomBTmr 
W1HOHWOMIH 

A A:r cond.liored eabi 
* P!colan^ wtxk^nfj 

 condu'oni 

A All con*pnny bonfifill 

Red Ball Cab 

31SV/. Jon«i 
22567^3 

UUKXKKEKU. 

 fMSlDE 5ALSJ A CLERICAL 

 nrrxrrenc* Tn pairtup and layout cr olher prlnllncF **P. hcir-lul. Excel'enl poy and itlny* bcrtinlj w-lh oppir- rgnify tor crfvoncemcnt, . 
JIPPY PROJS 
«1^1 San Pitfra 

NEED2MrfN" 

To-V/ofk wlln Cimin,. S1eadr wwV, mull Kave Ironwior lallon. A p p l y mofrVng^aill tJ. Fhr«j± 
Couplet, ti ar4 injoy II, 

PRODUCTION 

TRAINEES ' 

5 day wocV. AM compcrny benofilf. Sofoiyop^n, 

Apply In person 

1923 Nevada 

Mrs. Bohnets's Bakery 

" B«p»rKirxe<J Drlvciwo/ Salupt) ID n 
Snlary plyj iommitilan. WlmJcr*lt 
Ou:i Ser^lc«, 4M2 ' 
~ ' 

PRODUCTION ASSISTANT 

Typo 6oWPM, lito spccdwrlllng o1 shorthand, 1o licy by touch, opiitude for figures, capable of handling various oflico djlios. $4oo H- per monlh. 

DATA CONTROL CLERK 

1 o key by touch, oplitudo for figures, prefer soma data processing background. $2.25 por hour 

INDUSTRIAL NURSE 

ASSISTANT 

Type 5oWPM, familiar with medical Icrminology - complete medical and accident repoils, desire to learn otl phases of First Aide. $2 oo per hour to start. 

Working conditions for the above positions are 

8-4:45, Monday-Friday. Cafeteria, all benefits and free parking. 

Apply In person 

SANTONE INDUSTRIES 

•6818 S. Zarzamora 

 equal opportunity employer 

MERCHANDISE 

 f lullrff«( M.Url«ll jfrotj f 
I 

T-~iiiJ a<t«... if'.i II.- V 

1 ' 4il riM4l itt' itt ., 
*T (} T 

A- >* mfi,»« iki«ii« ".!... iii.it i 
• Mli.,.11 ,„!.., 
..Jl.ll' | 

• 
ISl»ft. Nil 
J7.7i § 

T "!"•:.<•'—*—".« f 
.... 
III IS-Mr.Hj 
-....11.1! 
I 1.1 ii"« it H; 
I »'i n.milM,ii vr.lt.i. 

I IS'l w.hrt.nt 
..(IS.I1 n. 

' Hill Ihli fvfii.Kilt 
I.7IC|I. 

I 
Call us lor 
I other specials 

C&S LUMBER 

2 LOCATIONS 
I 
Complti* horn* ftmodtling 

**********'< 

H<iit r 
I.II." rl, 
^.99 

M I.J (•.•UliKi their. I I rr loikjv I*' art c. ir. 
8Wi.ll. 
III »2— llj t!4fl4 „ 
?U M. I lii * l~liri!£u.. 
2U I.I. 
" 

Responsible 

Man or Woman 

Spate For as little 

AS $3 

Op«n Easier Sunday 

COIOKIES NORTH 

FLEA 

MARKET 

EV£RY SUNDAY 

ICiOO AMTO6iOOPH 

* BIGGER TIIAII EVER 

COlOlltfS IIORril MAII 
Ul 1o AT WUfi/B/lOIPD irowAio IL^ASO) 

Phone 733-o871 

FOR REStttVATIOHS 
I t(E TOU-AU SU/IDAT | 

STAN RUPERT 

I,'PIO u«, r«vn9.tik»i.>tM«_ | rc»iT * "1M" "' '*''• • 
• i.. 
• i 
I: 

 u 
- f 6J6793S, 

SERVE SANDWICHES 

Above ayeroge wages 

^ Apply tti person s'e&'Don Hudspelh only 

Coney Island 

Sandwich Shop • 

225 N. St. Mary's 
V/oil Ille hsutenork. sl3/ wllh eld 

 led/ v,)'o eon c«l oro'^nd, will 
Mo n -F r I. Mrs. A. Merck, 

JNoi 
I 

Counter Help 
Sub Station 

Manager 

I S.A. ^pply 

Pilgrim 

 conyaieicenT lady. Pf<ve. 
D"edTta"ic3~p<riba"*)!f e a 
. 
. 

 or tWerlf. Full or part flmr. 724- 

 and III 
I Laundry & Cleaners I 
| 
83 1 I McCullough 
\ 

L 
I 

_ 

SP"RING CLEARANCE SALE poria bit balldlrrgi. 7x1, 7x1o, 8x1!, 9xl< delivered, 1erm), 3^^i.lSS. 

-•< 
CHECKER CAB 
^ 

A NEEDS DRIVERS 
MAU: OK KKMALF, 
••UI.I/OK PARTTIMU 

Apply; 

1o1o 
W«H laurel 

227.3151 

Mlicellonooux 

 far Sale 

4 liKh rldifig CCTMH mowers with 7 
Horse BrIDDi oixl Stroll 

BAR Yfilh haMmoon wood 1»p. i bar- 

 sea r grlrjJcT, c1c. In4u3lrlal type. 
Qcarlnct, cx>IIS, la^rvrwrttr padr 

 t shoti looli. 1,772-33?^, Roi 
-.ffs 
Machinery 
Lylle, I m 
^Pearsori on FMJM. 

POOL TA'QLE—uto 

Nallcnel. Profcii'onal ball ictv,rr 

L" Hale. Cuci, ro-Jc, balls, re pa kit. Oriclnal S134S. 1 year old. 
. 
. 

LIKE HEW. 6M-74It 

Table, like tqlc JZi; 
V 

 cfiorr wllh 

Erunswkk 
Pool 

S5W. 
Eloctctc 

 pia.no 12oo; D 

Cat n i l n l - , ia.T cclfcc tt-ble L7o. 

RELIEF DESK 

CLERK 

Ramada Inn 

227-O2T7 

HOUSES FOR SALE 
MUST SE WRECKED 

From JiO to UOO. 
N» Clean up r«auH«(J 

JOE RAMON & SOHS I 

W R E C K I N G GOV'T 
DlrJ?. 3ooo 

't-.e«rj, / Fl- Corrugated Iron. 11.73 

 itNOLETOH BROS. LUMBER CO. 

13M LAREDO H]GHWAy 

CASH & CAKRY 

 rilE-FINISH PANELING 

4x8 SHEETS 

5-32" Vinyl Gvordj i-'niuloted 
V/alAuf 
W-39 eo. 
" Esla!c Oenlhton v*.<9 eo. 
" 
BurJington OaK 
11.9? ea. 
11 Sa<«?e Birch 
$7.4? ca. 
I Slmu'oled Walnjl 
W.79 ea. 
II Cornwall Blrtfc 
J7,» «J. 
" Deko Boord R e g u l a r Prkc 
3.1J SALC- PRICE 
U9l<a. 

PLYWOOD 

" AO Fir Shop 
«.9» M. 
11 A-l /Aohooo.1/ 
119.99 ca. 
" A-2 Cftesf.-ujl 
1IJ.98 to. 

ALL ABOVE PRICES 

CASH A CARRY 

SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 

3S1Q Rceievelt 

Delivery Available at extra charge. 

(517; 9»-o»i 

PAINTINQS: J. /upo, Rallo, To/I 
Plus IBM, 19lh, & »ih ccnlury Spa lill. Slw.ed l.lhCfjrcph by J. FU:|< 

. Olr<cr ioici 

Collectors Imports 

C L O C K S : 
V/es1rr-lnsK:r, 
Chlm* 

Pendlwiiij wroyg^t Iroo. po/ci leather covered, ul| klr.ih. Ffor to 15o. 6»4-ft65- 

 ttamps and Coins 

AUCTION 

Sunday April 14,1PM 

CROSS COUHTRYAHTIQUH 

Dripping Springs, Texas 

GREAT 

AUCTION 

11 Yeu hiY, Anil^mt tr 
' 
' 

CALL 

REGENCY ANTIQUES * 

And cik lir Mri, Inonrr, 

. II no onwii, lall 

Rol)L'rt Gordon 

J«>TH CICNTUHY 
OIL f'AIN'J'INCJS 

 b/ listed Artisls 

 at the 

Turtle Creek 
Art Gallery 

965o Dala Poinl Drive 

For Special Appointment 

Call A'/O Qt7f [YCfu.151 and iordoy 

. 
Clocks, Ficntti Marbklop wo-J 

Hand, rarvdlcitlck, cul cryilol |o<ii| 

 fwlugcie lu-np, Uass 

 copper Hunt. Antique cor, narls a-* rolw*, n-.ucn more,r, narl 

 fl/ 

Spartan 'Bldg. Products 

Wintfowt - $7 

53o CUADALUPE — At 
FlDTCj 

 nfr_3o41 

ReAwod vitillc-'lt'io^ll Xfc'boa'd II. 
1EOO tcard ft. 1*4*6 ard 1*!*6 telocl heart. 2U-£SS4, 31? Granada. 

* v_.* 

 f 

ROUGHNECKS 
LABORERS 
For Hondo area 

Apply ktp«l«n 
• 431 Crnlatvl.** 

SuilD 1QS 

•> 
9=T, - Jp.t 

 over at 

 altcndant. 
Da/ sl 

5-W. MHilar y_Pf. 
Wan! driver tor llorlst shop 

 norlhilde. Must be experienced. <9 

» 
| be blUrguol. Apply 1126 

 no pTvor.c cans. 

Repo'i ft Tiadci 

• MNGIR 
• KEHMOBt 
' WHUC 

NORTHSIDE 

SEWING MACHINE CO. 

3 5 3 3 W t l l A v c . 
344.7A7I 

ZIG 

SEWING 
MACHINES 

NEW AND USED 

Frdc,ht Darv.oocd, REPO'S 

 office, new. Olheri Draslrcally 

Reduced, Lve/ylh'nn Muit DO. AA/A- 
CO Bldg. Co. 3<1-1113. 
Very oir.'ctllvc !Cn<J. ofr c o n d l 
"Icned, paneled, corprlec*, clvldcd 

 nto 2 rcxiMis, plcnly ol bulIMn slor- 
JQP and ccblncl snoce. idtal for real cslolc or aulo salct office. 653-' 
7o51 or 737-77J2 

 flNTIQUES 
SHOW-SH 

RPRIL 13-I4 
ODM sni. i 

SUPWIOB SHOWS 
713—B61-I761 

ScrcnrJiplty Den 

 er Q| > Aallqve Apprartat Al* lotiallm of America 
Buy-Scll-Appralsc i ana Orlenl or 112 till 

'39.95 up 

•» Touch a.-^t Sc 

Ltr^j SupciS 

•EXpTcusrroDTAN 

Ir.sttlc oftic* only, svaxtixj fl 

 required, work cvcnlngi. AH c pony bcncllls. See Mr. Jatkisn o 
Mr. 
Garcia. 
ABC 
Truck 
Reilol 

Lccilrrg Co. 5t< Merldu. 222-2341 

£XP FAINTER 

7711 Broadway 
824-63o8 

'72 Singer Touch & Sew 
Rrpo, n-.aVcs necorallv"? i" 
51 rclcli grams, bobbin. 

STAHMANN 

Portable Buildings 

11o3 nracdway 
I3I-U: 

SEGUIN 
171-3&: 

BOERNE 
14Mtt5 

PEARSALL 
JM-7J33 

HONDO 
4J*-a"3 

8*16 wood frt¥TK? 
POT I. B'dg. 
Mr. 

SMFcler, 677-5571, 696-4739 ollkf 5:3o 
ON DISPLAY 13*« <iaroge, lrc« dc^ 
Ivcry, lerms, «o7 San P*dno, J41- 
1G3. 

Three n>_. from Germany. One «1lri „._ 
11o7 carved on the bowl. One with a 
I crviYivecd stem having o iler- 

 ling silver lllplpp cover rnoravw v/lili Ihc erifiir.al owacn rm/nc ani dole 
1857. 
Urw wllh a dclkalel. 

 carved t-orie'i head mane eyes note noslrll mo-jln ond 1ee1h. Hoi a ' ' covered iiik lined case. One ova ho-id palnlrd 
CT porcelain Lady1 

(ace brxicn, (rein Ge^naiiy. Or.c ^ 
3,1" carved JoparKSC vasr, ere jrr.al 
Chinese t o r v c d Ivory cox. Th* 

 t«j1Joi>lK)lcs, rn^no- 

 ivcrcaits, Wir^J hcn\i, winds 
OulOingMccHy r O a I n n c c 

 take up pavnre.ili ol JA.9o tree home trial. Call 4i2- 

„ Singer 
RCPO 
Tojch & S«w, 

 makes U.I!wholes., ilrtlch s M t c Ii, 

 verca^r, marvogramt, darns, sell- 
•ImJIiig bcbbln clc. BAL. «KJOf 
•!ck un payments SJ.1S tV v.O. 
For 

•cc home tnal cull ^Ji-1557. 

MalV or female vocalist, k*Y Uoard and Irwntwfic playeri. 

Domcitlc 

CompMloB-KeuiOieeptf Wa ntcd f o r older tody Peeler live-In., must have 

Girl lo Uv>-m. Herp 14 yr. old keep hPmc^?23jM31. 
'CfvE-IN MAID, ieparate" aurvte/i, 
Mon.-Sa1., UP pgr^wcck.^9frP6o?. 
Llve'lTi iiouitkcepcr end sllfer (or 
111 Ion!, \> da^l r^r «cck, 13o a week. 

Model no Mulllgrcpti Paper Cutter 
3 In. width tul, 17V* In. Icnglh 
Cut. 653 57W. 

LEASING^ " 

\Ve will Iro^c you anyltiliio yoj need 

.LEHN FOSTER, INC. 

USED "Dry 
JM cVpy "MaThTrc7 

Copies boo^s as v,ell ai nil clhc 
' ' • 
Like r,CK._*169. 3«^B«5. 

BAKERY SHOWCASES; «i«r~T«p ik\uni Irayi. Excel 
""?•__ 
"«. GA'RAGES 

Llve-tn roa^d nxwled 5 days, I child, 
I l l e hauiekeepJrrgr rclef cncei re- quired, »ojory op**'. 656-19o3 
HeuieVeeper, oflcrnofir'.s. $1,75 an t\r. 
Muit Itave car end r e f e r e n c e s . 
Slcody._CoJj_4gfrU27 Oder 6. heeJ babysltler 6 efoy'wcefc- 7-3:3o. 
Take care oF 2 boyj. 9^-5319 be- 
Iween 5-«P.V.: 
, 

Need Ivrlri Oobyslllor. ?lt SJ3S or in OS7S 

 kl, gem aid child core. i42- 

JOHNSTON 

WANTED": AG~Dkk 3 rton. H4-7Q15. 
"or 
Sata: 
Qrx> 54-caic 

 boif. 1475. 433-91o*. 

Wanied re'llofile lady for care of i year . &Jd girl. Llaht hojsckeep^ii and cooking. (Family o' J>. tfut 

 have own <cr. 5 cTay week. Cal 

J^fie 124o351, 8:3>* weckOays. lleid wonxxi to ita glrr on days wltcn c. fo :scl«Jol becauie ol 

 tlarwrt 
<iuar1eis. English speaV . ,. 

Reference* required. Call 277-H35 or 

^Ttipawi'WP^UfC-ln ho_ 

 keeper and baby siller. Stt days. 
Mint* bB" able lo M>"k and read 
Ennd»*». 
E«cer*nl salary. MM 

In,—5 (toys, 

 i Anyllmc, 

General f.ouie cleaning and 
\viHi care of Inlant 2 tlays o week 

PefiiianenPTeliobis haiiysiller. Ad ami IH1. School dlilrkr. 7AM-WM. i 
Year old. 7 year old alter school 
47V1S1o olier 6. 
__„. 

Businic*s Equfprncnt I 

_ 

STEEL (iuiLblNG 
337&931, &U-3o51. L 

:k, trcileri, coulpnicnt ar.ce. Dial loll free. 

. . HouiC rrrajdalrc Icen-.akefL Vcri nrn* cnpoclly. I?" wftfe, J5" long 
4" ttoh. Serving 73 aplt. T" 

JSEO H«ivy duly metal she-1 v UIQ 

 avallab^_m_Ausrin. V?5L*?*1 

 add ng machine and optlcci 
:U!ncl ar.d Jrayj. Gum lope 

 rtioch'ne orlJcal school, misc. orilce- supplies. *«-iW)^_ 
_ 

Jke rve** monfy cornier end mlic 

•nL_ 3<1^8y_aflcr^ nnciilne In 
QCCHJ con 

 lilrctronlc Cnlcu!atnr. S-rcp- 
... 3 memories, 4 bo-.ks, perfect 

 condillcn. 7J4-3333 allcr 5 
' " 

 onrj^ajl^ cki/ ^^eker.dt 

~ Tor 

 ibovc ccn be 
Inspected snly. 

Contact Arthur A. Stfiullir 

UOO So. Border Ave. . 
.WeiFaco, Texas 7IS7t 

OPP 

-RUSSIAN 

FurnUure 

S/JAAVAR 

 i55 SH 
CMooj^I'.Ry^??".?"'!" H*y 

Seii A" A'u'clicn Xiidqu*: 

Country Anlrques, Dil|"pln 

|SAVE'S"8o% 

Rcdfoom — living ftaem 

Ml MtW MERCHAKDHt 

UNITED 
| 

FREIGHT SALES 

»1-6MS. CHERRY tt 2-115 ARTHUR ST. 

ANTIQUE IRON FENCE. IW-JCO none like II In Tex, F'crmcrlf 
DjlFnlo hemp. Ncton ond Live Oak 
Dcub'c oaics. Wortti $9,ooo. Moi 
• lo sell. 53.ooo mfght mat ous. "p.p." sc^noboi. 4??;-9o 

JENStN FURNITURE 

12CI Pleuionlon Rd. 

'JBtng TcbK, kTng, heavy, B arvcd cliaVs $12oo, make 

Jlontfe Oak, ft piece dining 
SIW, Pie sole, $1oo, Under eounler 

3b^ic\r $1S. A9&-16M,_ 
"Diicotinl FL 

Plaza Furniture Co. 

H) W. COfAMERCE 

(AcrgK jrt_mr_C[jy_jjgtU 

Largeit Invwilerf In SAII Urrxjinltv 

\Voin«f*~JlKoifl fceeh" comp!elc~wllh mattress i*9.v5. 3 pc. p'aiHc living room 6ulle $ll°.f5. Double drciwr 
S77.9S up- 

FAWCETT 

4U Dpj-OROSA _ 
«T(J 

? Conlcrnoo'Orv $o[a5 wllti e^T ' blc. WO. i Cclwi'al Rockers. $35 ( 
Good ccrHllllon. C?4-3NS criler S. 

. 

$5oo. V long U.r(c!, J25o 

- 

Appliance* 

Hojiefceep<r 
5 rfoys, pcrnw 
Ci 111 o n. Some babyilMl.io.. / _. 

 c good focal relerencci. 
Gotx 

 yjJarY wllh raliel, holklayl ond [Mk vacollo^S. nut avalloMc, bul prefer ov«n Irnfljporrojiwi.jUS W75. 
C O O K 
A 
HOU$e'K_EPCR 
TUK 

SmIHivMte, Texai. CoJI or write: DC- 
IttrBLllail. P.O. Do* 9175, Mousion, 
Texas, 77o11 

SltJatloni Wanlcd 

CHILD CARE N u r s e r y vldnlEy 

Conwivefdo! «. Millfary. lie*n»e«J. <n- fanli lo ft V(J. Open i-l hours. 9U- 

Practical 
Irvo] tc-r _ci 

Building Materials 

 r~DITTMAR""' i j 314 NOLAN 
LUMBER 

__ 
__ 

»ould Mk« lob cot- 

 r... .„ ..iktflg for a yo-^O and o1- trocllve t*:iplw3^s rec«ptlonls1, t o pliaianllf cwiiwir your p*iane oml g/«t vaur clle^U? If 1o, please call 
4M-M3T ot\tt 4 i>.r- 

 fc. De-n'l try to df 
Lt 

V/C^O'lTlOr OR'AOUATiONir ULO" 
o LIE NT Ctwri-OI'G A[>r>RrnMIJri, allKOM lfA|JD 
LRTTKRIHO. 731 

™ iBfipTiff AiitTALrwoRK'Ddrin 
III MY MOME 
A13-J 

NOflCK TO~AP1;. (MVNICliS 
LI ucxi art looking (or tin prlmt [rt letvilng nid manoglnp, plenu call 
^3-llfJ, l*_^ty OurV* _ 
'- - - .molti Wn]t5. 
Pjf .CiJ'TwnS 

NIW WAREMOUSI 
WSPlAVIHOlllt 

BLITBU1SINTOWM 

>ii,l fc-U,,d r^. ... IS.ma. ! 
.1o1 i«i! ng 

 ri 
IlS.vSiq. j 

I) J< kjuiepc rf, 

. H.H gal. 
-»U?tn. I 

NOTICE!! 

 lAHOI WOOD rMAMI 

OTMHA1IUM All Or rfoi%«-.M^ 
• « H.niav.d WHhtn 6o DAri 
—M. Cl*.. .p. 

JOE RAMON * SONS 

231-1583 bjpoooooooooo 

ON SALE> 

• 

13 W polr; Sk* doorj «-M _. . uteri totnikr/n crxl dooii. l.cp- 
Co. 3I&J W, Conrnerce. 

 iMl'i'11GOOt>11"lWitir"vou wcnl pnr- mold wanled. 
P.I CU lo-jnao 
» Hi "GOOO" Iw 

HJ4 W. C<wnm«r<*> 3«o1M. 
[Call 
/y\OFPETT 

 worerxKJio sore Center 
Aj.nl c.'itci- lurnlluti nil H. Pine 

 art ne* coom^crclal typ* uprl icr, M ru. 11. $333, 1o year com ssor a/jcroiilee. II 
Only- 

311-UI1. 
_ 
_ 

USED R~EFRf6E"RATORS 

OLD SAN ANTON E 
WESTERN VILIAGE 

FLEA MARKET 
UOO A(h«rm«iiftd. 
,.I lo Caiki" S'.i*k:i Tel* Ailc 

Opi-»i StM. A Sun. 1oA.M. 'hi? 

1 OOO'i of new ond utrd ilenu 

HO ADMIiitOH CIIAROI lff~\ n»l Oi-h « Cv>»<> i-'a 333 1739.6JI fO?J 

.».» »»^ 

EASTER SPECIAL 

SIOHIW4U IIADtS CWl 

KlAf Hill COUHIIY 

MOir imidui nu MAtur 

APRIL 13 & 14 

Bab* Frllt 

ROBBIES 'RUMMAGE 

Open ol r flw nxvktl. Gv«ry It rto/, jJXI Cultura. 5<Heri ipoct 

Ti, Tcxos. 

Furnffore Restoration 

Coil DROWN, 533-HJI 

'The Different Drummer1 

AnritiLWS-Atcenerici LcnrecriDfei 
1oJO To* n send-A lo.ro KelQlils 

4 26-3741 

_ 

Rcnin'lr.j ol The Ook Ocor Anllou 

- - 
, 
INl 2? 
C. Ccurtlcnd. 
SJ>Op- t l price JS5o, BARGAIN 

___ 

 rvfl SAV/OUCK TADLE, SEATS"! 
< COUNTRY WINDSOR CHAIRS 

WATCRDURY 
CALENDAR 
CLOC 

ANTIQUE COTTAGE 
35* DALLA 

"SAH AJ*TON1o'S>l>.CSt 
Regency Antiques 

33H o road way 
B23-S44o uffi 
__ 
ImpOfti 
__ 

IrlcnrtV oolecEt. General lint of 
C h i n e s e objects. EvcrylMiKi yet 
\, «ii. no; Hoooiiici. am<;. 
M. SMrm'ANTIQUES 

II!_Army Blvi. _ 
' 
OptnJO 

ASLIGHT ANTiQUES' 
S McCUI.LOUGH 
« 

ACS Cfly. 

MAXINE GRAY 
P itJII r.o amwrr eon 

HI G. COMW.ERCE 
BESS' ANTIQUES 

 racked twJO'.coic, round da,v ah!p, sen cl chairs. 6il-iilJ, 
Old SeguiO Rd. 
Dlack Iron Mlc^-en stove-, W 
Ro 

 id toblc: wood CaiV v»IHi sjM ivtrclal 1yj»e Wood Rclrloero 
L^'i?!^' t*5OiS' hardware. 273-o6o 
'TrriQ"u"c"blftJng" lelTfoWeV 

 chairs, bullet & China ccblnct. 113 or tjesi oiler. Tor App I. Coil afler 

_3J*-_1MS. 
_ _____ 
_____ 

" Trie" Unique" AnliqL-o it<op -£ 
AROCMTIQUC5 

 rurmlurc - Jewelry 
G'lli 

The Old o-itJ The TJcw 
I'? 5*? t'cdrq nl A\a^nalln Ave 
~ 
' 

. 
_ 
_ 

Chlnlieiv Rug, M 
Hiustf of Rocheiltf, 3lt C. Lccvs 

, __ _ 
SecrtMr 
C. 

^ 
______ 
* THRIFT COTTAGE 
~ 

_Y°r»'l*! (*'L??° b*_no(lt'*r.aJ 
"Phil Moron WA. 
7J4-1MB' 

Annralinls and Llqjldallont 
LICEflSED— REFERENCES 

 inul Ccdroo'ii s'eF bc-J "n"nj""n 

 ble lsr> dreiser wllh nilrrcr 

(\i>e and rww. Aho, I 

 tiort of Afili^ue Ircni bcJi. 
CO Rd.. J13-Bo34. 

 irjcklburg^ __ U_our* *_!?_ ak nrejVncei, l«v«rcti ni vpl wcsd^Airli, OrtQlrxil fl 
1-54? «rt«. 
_ 

 r'sdMiUTiUns ANTIQUE: 
'.ki Sl'Kiro coV IcIMcs. 

 ke PM 1114. bChrdi T 

TVA Rii 1511. V. inlfl 

. 

" 
THE hRAVs"oCLC"ArniQll"Bi 

(Ml rlpJil N. »r |ro*i Shlltet a t:ky.:t. TUM, ITI, Snt. 

 rirxtrnq' mcirNe 
Ing lo o 

_ 

'p fi'Umpl* wirS"on"n i a^. n« lint l 1h« Mir. 

S.A.'s LARGEST , 
VOLUME DEALER 1 
IS BUYING & SELLIN& 

U.S. 
SILVERCOiNS 

 tC»ll 1o! OAIL1 PKIC11I 

4o% SILVER 

KINKEDV'HALVES 1965-7o 

U.S. t FM(II. G»W t.iM In i.llfl. 

I .MP/iJm fe" 

R»R! COJK1 nJ [.in <.;i,ik..i - 
Ui.»/.,.,,, 

U.S. 11IV IB ii»«i - rung H» 
•Hvf. WkRUMl Silfii Kikltt 
AnylHiag GcTd or Sitvei — 
Jewelry, Sterling Silver- j ware. 
Antiques, 
Etc. 

[Higlteil Prices Paid) 
• Ail rAPER NOKI1 — N.ihi 

CUSTOM Dit'iiiil tStll ,.. i,»,| 
IT. x.i.l cmaoiv 

SAVE TIME 

For Profcisiorral Service 

CALL US!!! 

Riverside Coin Co. 

431 E. Commerce 

By The River 

2254981 
225-1996 

Express-News, Sot., April 13, 1974 Want !Ad* 
Fifth Page 

'rack Tope A'A-FM rad'o Ofij ic~ 
/d player, J ipeoken. sico . «J- 

T Tayb De<h. e7xc«llenl condl ood v*« with headphones ood 

Bicycles 

BIKE BARGAINS 

ALL SHE! tlt.ls ' JIMJ 
_l_Jt™ 
Jl'ICXi Gron Prix. 
Sell R iH 7M-a?3. 
PV (People P o w e r e d Vch;cre) ovln-j Musi icllt Qcit oflcr cccepl 
I. 731-131o 

Phydoaux's {Fldo's}: 

Pet Boutique 

7o5 Parkrldnc Dr. 

[I blk. loulrTbf 41<Ton 
Jonei -M aM ibe i ner).Gr oom- ing oil breed), if-aw MTU a jpet'dlly. 

341-1117 

William J. Albert 

Television 

ENITH I?" Portable TV*. Uicd, Ln ccd corxliKon, iOl. ju (J. Aitrmo- 
M-W3. 
___ 

COLOR TV Tradeins 

 llli. Adir.lrol. CurlliV/.ainS, Seors. 
'I woranlctd. easy Iciir.l. 

KURTS W 

3oo WEST AVE. 

^REE^KITTEIIS, ««!:•/ MalCS. I 

*,E p7~BLAC"K~"G K tTA?~D AI4E Ftp- 

K i\(i iNi^sElafp s~AKlT 

STud S e r v i c e Chtj/np. EJIoodllrej, 

Machinery and Toolfc 

V/ANTUD: 
»o If. S" rrrloallOfi pr. 
7, 8oo It. 311 IrclrviUcn pipe vrllh 
J'lnl'lffli ccli *5.5^?l*s n(r- " ~" 
U5EO Jo'tn Deer* 4oo Lo 
Used Case (A Loader Hoi 
:riol Ror.d Rock Breaker. 2-Ustd 
3tn Decrc- 35o Fwk Lllti, 1 Uicd 
>hn 
Dcerc 
21 Trencher, 2 Uio oiicr.i 75 7rtnO;er, 4 Inch 1o 1 nth wide, j [r. to 7 11. d*/c-p. t-E! 

Jcwn mnctirnp. 'l ford Lane' ful 
/pe asphalt txiv^r. 

COOPER EQUIPMENT CO. 

\1'i3 Br«id*ay 

 flS 

WESTERN 

SADDLE 4 TACK 

SALE. 

THE RANCH MART 
(NOR1H) 177? fitJuiiliburg M. wty, froaUliUUW-lJM 
(DOWHrOWH) U2? So! Sc* Uc-iw Ii 

HALE: STOCK A HORSE TRALLUR 

TRAILERS AND GOOSENECKS 
New and Uied, for Sate or Rtnl 

Alto Feed Barrel* wiFh Hdt 

Hale Trailer Deolcr 
*M Carolina 

33-5151 
B.B, SITmp 
_3_M-JJI! 

APPALOOA STUO SERVICE ,, 

Tor Sole Rca. Ftrnclc Ccrrr^in 5hsr 

12 rr.os. o'd »7i 
»o Qflcr 4:3o r AT STUD C«l 

BLACK ANGUS HEIFERS 

SELL 1o OR MORE; 

CAN DELIVER 67<-flil4 

:or Sale or Troflc: For -Horie Tral er, 1 rtyjre. 7 CQiti. 1-7o9-3776. 

4 Springing Registered Leghorn 

Cov^.^lMJp^S^M.JJ 37-514?. 

~RegWcred Quo riff Hone'ceitfing 
M_£l SavoviiKh Jr._73S-Sfc33. 

Spenlih" Coalr,Cobri1o,~l 
Steep lar scie. 
< 

Cical "ubnc pj ki, (AKCJ. 1 

PAWN FE//.ALE hRCAT DANE, J yr». Old, 175. Dcvine I-:&>4I76 wceX cn<ii o,-:d alter i PJVi. 

:OLLI E~PJPS 
AKC I. _ 

/,'eiler KeaneU 

I Wire"! s jieap iii end a s1od. Sell 1 or 

TANKS 

_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

C'HlHUAHUAS * -J^ OACHSTTOfTDS 

Tlny_AKC Vffpplei. *1/^?6B _ 
* TOY POODLE *" 

__ 
^3-2^3 
_ __ 

AKc MIHIATURE "SCH>IAUZ£RS 

7 - 1oo9 Bfcl. itoi-ega Tcnks 
1 • 4,ooo 9o1. skidded larks, 
I • 1DCO sal Tar.k, «1S3 

H • 5oo gal. pressure- lonks, 41 Co 
75 fib) shop made retinery, Cheap 

BRAUBACH EQUIPMENT CO. 

U3o W. POPLAR 
' 
73S-liS? 

Universal MilaL & Machinery Co. 

Hett eV Used Machinery 

131o 
H. CPlorgrfo m-U«. 

 ackhoc front e*~.d loader w<1r> oper- 

 ator for reoso. 673-6617; 661-3669 oil 5 

CASE iS3 BACKHOE 

Vilh c*i>cricnced oucralcn. by t); 
:sur or job. 434-W4, art. $ pm. 

FOR KENT 
III Bockhoc loader, Trcclcr, 
" li. Small Crawler. Rcr.lcl 

1151 Coilroville Rd. 

Exl. from Hv/y. 9o V/Cil 

 ol Acme- Rd. 
43J4MM 

5 
ACRES "Truck!, ltflHc«f equ'p mcnt, vjc trcdc, Ur.'tto. Otal lol tree 8oo-752-2743 JDHrTCTOH Trucks 

FOR SALE 

. ShorttiMii Bulls SKtlleu 

POLLED 

Shortfiorn Bulls S Heifers 

\4 moi,—2 yea/i o!d 

" Call or Write - 

Jamci B. Park 
P.O. Box 345 

Suyarland, Texas 77478 

713-494-3492 

Appolooia and O^arler Mares wiln lo Jd co I orcd col K by i We. King 
P b o u d I I, Prince Plaudil, V/oplll'i 
«M3VCr """"^ """"' °r 

SANTA GERTRUDIS HEIFERS 

SELL 1o OR MORE 

CAM DELIVER t7A4SM 

25 CHAR LOIS BULLS 

• TRAPL€RS, TRAILERS 

We" HAVE NOT core up in price. 
Gacd stock ol 
14- ond 16' iteclfofc 

 slock jralltfi, AIw> ] v&id 2 hcri- ira^er a* Ii. S475. 

"ALWAYS THE BEST PRICES" 

THE SADDLE SHOP 

3153 S.W.V/.V/IJtt Rd. 
3)3 7741 

OPEN HORSE SHOW 

. 
, 
. 
- 

 fnf o mo rfl I n^i 4S3-3V2o. Eves. 67fr 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Everv Sal., 1? Nowi, AIL kidt Co1 rk-, Sheep, acc!i ad hsrjfti. 1? m 
SW S.A. Form RtJ. ?I73 //^cdora 

Brangus Cov/s For Sale 

VOUAO cow wim 1> colvtt en Ihfl wtf. 15 % of cowl will ea-l hy 

' 

Ferllllicd Ccailal'Hay, clean, heavy 
"iWI'Vi.Swjif.'"1" °"ln* 

_ 
. 
_ 

HORSE 
PASTURE, rlTrlh «f^ATr"- pan, cioic in, 1)5. Stall! Available a nd tfo'nlng. 6S3.1QW. 

We, s*i 

11 mo. eld Re^T CeTrnon Sfieflih 

WANT At*7AKC"REOrbOG?~ 

Son Anton'o Dog Oiccdcrs Re Terra] 
Service w.!l pul you In touch with a nearby regulable breeder. AKo In- rerrrairon on 51ud Service end qrco 

ST U O 
5EHV"lCE7 Vrtille"'AKC" 

 klngcse. 
AKC AI 

4 or 53-JOJ22 

Wthnoraner Rttrlcver, Mafe, 

SW. l-7ij-3]t7, cller 5. 

_ 
_ 

3 yr. aid Reg. App Gelding, trained for barrels, poles, heller, «Ic. Good looking horse, your gl/J ttllt love riii one. tSOO. 6?i-li7i fAary 5cot1 

HORSE B'OATO'ED 

BUILDINGS" 

For Farms aivi Rcnchci: Barm for hot-^e 
GOOD~ 

Her/ and cqulpnicnl. 6<?'2a3o 
FERTILIZED 
C O A S T A L 

HAY in 
EJarn 51.35 a bale, \itor 

Sabers o-^I East Cenlral US, 
??M, 272-924o. 
_ 

Fine more ewxJ half-quarter loo I 

~ ; ^ul. HIS. 49CM>KM 

5"llE|FER CALVES ... 

 c-V/o/ Volve Facing mach.'ne, 1 
Valvj icol Inwrt ma thine & 

 seal grinder, clc. l-xhjililal lype 

Htavy35tiDp|1'looh.iIir-7n*W. ^osi 
- ' 
- 
' "- 
1 ml. 

AKC MALC LABRADOR R 

ER 

PUPPY. 3 tf.O. OW, nrcal v drcn. Ho^icbio>.cn. S125. 

1-<S» 

[T *• cu. yd. ioatfcr, 6'/il Back.- 
, Allls Ctisfrttfi W' FortlMI. 

DODUEN EQUIPMENT 

S. Prcsa 
U2-4U1 

Camera— 

Phoiu rqu[p. 

.OLLEIFLEX 
Ccniera wilri E 

•onk ffa ill 3<9-ij<ji __ Aljcr S:3o._ 

IX - «S 

__ 
_ 
____ 

2.1, lib mm 3J. 

.T.U ond VO tJecrw (lrvJer5, r^ind ftp, ro-p^d locul Fever, coses, flltcii 
II In at new condlllcn. S5iS. &26- 
?J3 alter S P.M. 

_ _ 
_ i R 
. Lc 

 r caves, c!c<(ro Hash, Deil offer. 

Musical 

Inslrumcnl* 

DACBERT'S 

SELLING NEW PlflhOS AT 
$498. and $698. 

LARGE AiSORTMINT 

TOHllCT FROM 

 r iHorj^Nos 
*98.5o9 

> nmcTcoHD. 
M95.( 

AS ADVERTISED ON 7V 
Ike-mmO/gain from $675. 
[owcry Oi|aii at '/i ptiie 

UifJ Of 5o11 ct tow •) 5195. 
35to OiKEUHl on ncn/ [lens 

ACt NOW ON THII OHCI A tUR IVINI AND SAVLII 

DACBERT 

MUSIC PLAZA 
14oo NOG AUTOS 

723-6151 

NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 

PIANOS & ORGANS 

HlWK«WH.I ORGAN! 

SpTnors, Baby Grands, 

Player PEano! 

SPINET S1YIE PIANOS 
' 

LIKE NEW $395 
I 

NAVARRO PIANO CO, I 
IJo7H. Colorado 
73(6411 

T 
$1oo,ooo 
" Inventory Sale 
. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS' 
4 * NEW & USED* 

 i^OLMOS MUSIC Cd! 
T 
826-5o51 

 t-cod1 

 der PA. 3 Schurc mixes, 

 klorvdt, ail brand ivcw iiW. ?l 
D wile I nopnti 
"HEJS'A" sons PIANO SERVICE 

Plans lurunj or.rl toniplefc rcpalri 

ORGANS and PIANOS Dcil BUY 
HOLLOWAY HOUSE OF MUSIC 
/ontic»to«vl lo^cr Level 
7J<-/»? 
"" 

[ 1rodc^ • Rcpo I r 

"SPIHE-T PiAN67$495~' 

W« huy-renr-iell-luni nod repair 
American Piano Co. 

3311 rre<5cikhthura Rd. 
Co1*wtl| MutlC, 411 N. l<\nln, 7)7-7SI 

_ 
AI Vnncc JacVtOH, 73* 1IH ••_ 
"SIMS BAL'DWIN"" 

SALCi • RENTAL 

SCRVICO 
INSTRUCTION 

UOKTM STAK A.IALL 
11MS)! 

_ 

3athihund Kerwiell, Wnlolurcs. 
Service a r.J PcppiCj. 6J9-7DU _ 

 erman Stisrllialr PolnVc'r f' 

AKC 
Kcq. Kaunas B'ogtjrr.ti. 

Merchandise 

Wanted _ 

WE 
BUY! 

• lURMIOli 
>«PP»AN(IS 

 on732-6329 

•SIIIIQUiS 

•111*111 

 pupp iEs$5.oo 

PORT-A-STALL 
Only AolhOTiied Dealer 

M This Area. 

THE SADDLE SHOP 

______ 

(2J Two yccr old t;uor|cr 
115o each <M3-m2 

GOATS 
Spanllh Kid Cooli «|.]!U 

1 7 SAJ1TA GEHTRUDIS HEIFERS 

AND BULL 

DELIVER 
674-OS 

A" A3 

[ 

Farm Eqi 

 ond Iv 

 lulpmcnt upplles 

Ferd 5XXW Super Molar Ol««l 3 PI. 
Hl!c!i, ^TO. gofld 1w«. iJI5o. «l- 

STAHMANN 

3S5J BROADYMY 
MI-UU 

SrTGUIII 
. 
379-3*3* 

BOERHE 
?4?-2ftiS 

PEAR5ALL 
1W-73 

PERSALL 
334-2223 
\\OnPQ 
.426-3J13 

Ix1«x| ABC sfcrow b!d;.~LlKc new, 
R*as&-xib!c'. BZ2-\ff?4. 

 ids.'bab!es (o bulchc'r-iTic. Bcay- 

IMul Angara kid. I-3M-JS3I. 

AKC S'T. BERNARD 
Pupp:«— S1ud Scrvtcc ?23-57_;_3 

WELSH 
CORG1 
PUPPY-femol* 

 mvda Sprig;, da^ty. Oellve 

BeootHul AKC 

Kirici 

 prospocl or.d-or 

^ WCIMARANER PU>S t 
. _mp:cn s i r e d , blmcndc.-r 
[-393 

6754 

TERRIOR FANCIERS 

 itcrcsled In terming n Ureed Club 

Coastal Bermuda 

. 
ODif.p ond cwsiom work. 

MHI Iprfjp nr.d ptan!. CooitcroiS-1. 
Schumacher Bros. W-1XJ, Potecl, If no cniw«r co.1 )-5'" 
>»itai "QcrmVdo 
Krfcd fiesh da^ty. Delivery on 5oo buiheli or more. Discount en 1,ooo bushels or more I-4&S-3219 or 1-W- 
<M1. 
For"Soie:"Tcp Dlv] Filly, btcuMul 1 yccr iorrcl wllh btoie face, ex- cclTonl conllrmallon, wfll bro^c ond 
Hartcd In race Irofnfna. Priced" to ell quirk. 
1T.COO 
FIRM. 
732-31W 

 hdays or «»-3415 rvikt and week- 

Coll linn t m:cling. 

 tor 
Covered wagon wllh ell occcsic-i and Tvarrc-ss In lop cond*.Hon. 1 
Malhli, Tcxai 547-2574. 

OA'C'U ivrnn 
\_Aon 
ApFllor 

WE QUV Antiques end Ejtole: 

BEST P-R1CES PAID 
CT 

InvMore. clc. 
**" 

653-37H, any time, «5i-<&M, evey 

Yonleai ~ •'F i es! ci'"" Po He ry by ifomer 
.qjgVIn Cr^nng. 344-eMI- 
Diamonds wi»^'? _,?oyslon 

57J-5S32; AHer i, 971o145. 

SDmeyed Pupj, no porcrs, ISO. 
« L_ A1 lcr_ £_wce>.aoys. 
OQEOTG'NCE CLASHES-ALL DREED 
Slart April Ulh. necr Norlhslde S!a dlum. Master Kennels. «n-3539. 
-ull-iiJaad raaiiri. " 1 Apr I col, 
5 

Glcxk. 115. i?3-7!C9 af!cf_<- ftKC Cha.TMilcn"Slrcd~Atgl:afnrs7Bd" 

-7X 
I WILL BUY 

^) ANYTHING THAT 

D'OESNT FATSi 

Lister's Auction Gallery 
533-o574 or 922-89 U 

WE PAY CASH 

FOR GOOD USED FURNITURE 

FAWCETT'Si aiMSI 

WILL BUY FOR CASH"' 

 icrnie, bclrer rjnadc used lurniiure, lovci, icfilgcjalori, TV'S, onllp-JC! 
•ilnlcs, etc., JI7-477!>. 

 ir 
Englli!i Srrlnficr Spaniels. Oi 

O.F.A. cerf. 51ud Scrv. Also pups 
69<-3!M 
E no! ;*hT Bulldog Pcpplei, AKC Rcg 
CujT olEcr & weekdays. 7^-?757. 
RISH 
SETTER 
Pups, 
AXC 
Rcy 

ShTH~T7Us I'UPS~oV~AKC~R« 
^^ 

7o33 alter o, of weekends. 

AKC lingllih Springer Saantels~~" 

P.O. Uox JS7, Pearla-^J, Tex , 7J53I 
' The perfecl Pel." 

HAH HOUNDS 
PuMei 
5kct Scrvici. 
Call allcr 6 p.m. 
651-W2 

 ilcDOUGAL WILL PAY CASH FQI 
FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES. 
H3 or tSS 331S. 

WE PAY MORE 
'urnMure- -AwlhuiCPi a specially 

Best Prices in Town 

"cr At) types of good uicd furniture 
Ore piece la cvmprCle linoi/seMls. 

" Its, anllq-jcs, onylhlng of valve 

*13o SCENIC ACRES* 
Jorth c( Flweswille. Grod Higliway ftl Frontage. Excellent larvd (or cat 

 swburbarx living cr <i:velcpir.eot 

Naylor 
Realty 

Dags-Cals- 
Blrds-Pctc 

:o.VSr-LLTC, 
ICO Gollcn Aquai.. . 

: kirqc t>- c-^llnn Tlcpr Qscors ani ilhcr e*or^i l.sh. hor (he estrxri 
««xt Mobblc-st on'.yl Ideal for Co.ii wrkil Q^MnciS-J)?^:??, 63<£3JO 
Mlnkilure SchiTfniier P ifpY, tisnic ralse_d. |cl Wack. A_^^}7. 
Rog. C*ei"c ihorl-rvnJf 
KtKc-s lor 

••. slwts, hcollh fljaranlccd. E ' 

 r.U r 
AKC 
Registered 

U3ft)<l*1 lOW 

AKC 

"" Seller 

- 

 u^ 

 old.j-dlS.J79;. 

PJPPIES, A works. Sire Lob. On.i 

.cr. Uxc^rcii! Jignl 
JI5. 6S5-SCo6 

Mi_'J service- S.kcr Hiiy 1oy 
E7i-3S^oricr 5. rtK"c"pck*inrjc"n 

|QY 

Ic: 

AKC 
Reg. IRISH 
SETTER 
PUP 

ABLE OF TEXAS 

Por!abf= Bi/irdln^, Drastically Re- duced. Everylh'ng Mwl Go 
Com- 

 plere Aliwnln'jrri orxl Ceo'cr 
SW^na 

PorFoble Dldgj. Fitc Delivery, Ff- nanclf.g AvalloMc1 Sr^ S.W. Military 
Dr. ?22'4?21 or Ponsm crrf Moyilct/, 
"^o33o. 

Siruclttrol Pipe, StfcVir Rods 

WE^ENf"TSAVEL"TRAiUE"R_~ 
HARPER MOTOR CO. 

?<OI S.W. MILITARY ya^SH 

Mcla1 Building j for I'letfs, ixfrh)", ihop). Economical dei'gn 
Sr con- 

 slrgcllwi. S12-762-3MI; Si;-3g3-2li?. 
Ford TN Trader, Excellent cervdl- 

 tlon. mcdlflfd wllh 4 cylinder ea- 
o*r», ond dual roiM tranimrssron. 
SilSO. Dicq 1ypc d-sc-tvgrrow. ovxl o1h<r_cq-j'fmcnL Mjrj 
Frctit Ond icaCtr, for 

M1o John Dtert tfleicl. MasMy Fer- 

 uscn 11oo dleiel, COM 9oo diesel 

DODOEN EQUIPMENT 
111 S, Prtsa 
S12-41K 

At Slud • King fAcnlayo^ Rtrj. 
Leopard Appalsoia ill-o Ice • niu-e core. Ufll GoilUi: 1-&53-7J1) 

RURAL FENCE BUILDING 
R.A. Bcnfcc, Llccnicd BulMer 

Free tslJrtVTkiJ 
«M-o2oi 

Livestock Insurance 

I can Insure all of your hones. «ol- 
N*. hog.^ 
SJKCP. ocoli and da pi 

Call ir.c about i p c c l a J ra'oi an oroup-rtcrd Ir^urance end s p e c i a l liorsc cove;cgci. H,L. Hcrllcc 3<?- 
3il?. 
CALVES. 7-U Dayi eld. Gucrarlcod llfo.ihv—Free 
Deliver/ en 
1o 

2 Ev/cs wilh 2 l 

__.Ji. I L^wo KO, 
1 Loroc Mu.._. 

1-M. I Blcckfacc Suck 
SSO. These 

Crcsi I, rools. a-.d lop. 
1oo 

UNREDEEMED SADDLES 

AmcrjCOA Lonnjro. 
?1/i(s'J 

1*2 Black MuHy Hsileri ar^d 

SonlQ Gerlrudii Bull 

TAKE ALL iMSS 

CAN DELIVER 
*74-o!» 

Peklncie, Hall Fox Terriers, 

Puppies,' *^- jjj W. Gwald. 
AKC Lcnofralr Dcch^und, U vvkv shots, warmed, male MS. 313-477(5. 

REG. BIJ^CK STD. POODLE P - p^cs, 9 wXs., chamn'onshtp line Dorn arrf Slfc. 35-21" full qronn. Call oll- 

^ PA^ J12i54^IP9_Kerrvilit> 

AKc~r'«9. Mini. DathThandi ..- 

Reg. Chihuahuas 

 t AKC Mcllcw Pi^> 

_j_J21_«o ca.^3 TWO 

DAl.MATrANS AKC REG." 
Champion B l o o d l i n e , & \v\i. old, r/ healthy. AUcrJ I-39J-454S 
Old Kn^llsli Sheepdogs 

AKC Ch. Dleodlln«J BH t331 
KOKDoK COLLIEi»3iM 
Dod ornl the kldL .. _ . r GUt. AKC rcg. orack I 
... .' u p p L e i. Flur lime cl 
Oxwse yOLirs r*v. Toims, DI mc*kard, ar*i Mat'er Chorg*. Col 

GKE"AT^D"j^N"ESrFa^nsWd~D~rInd'rei fA3\t 8. female. TERMS._»4I-13M_ 
DfcTuT Apio"Puppioi~l6~w"ccvi,~ 

 nicio, -l v~ri- old 

. W. I 

REG. 
Herelcrd Built. It end I! 

 isnlhs old. Lwirj and cood be 

CALVES 
FOR 
SALE, 
Also l 

~~'JY 
(or chlkjrcrv. Allcr 
5 and 

Calves 
_922"8449 

FOR SALE; REGf'C H A R O L*A I S 
3ULLS, LLAMA, CAA^EL, SICILIAN 
DONKEY, t BISOH. Co 
" 

C l a r k 1 ! 7oo Farm, P, 
Bracfcclville, Tex. 7B&J2. Telcphcne 
517-543 2767. 
*Sfl BRED HEIFERS: belched of cN>ke block BoWie, Dnodf 
Drangoi, Char a to is Croii, Hereford 

 n/ calvei. ' , 

COWS: A.-.QJI, Ntjrelord, Broh 

 man crosi, 4-7 yean. Many with ctiJvw. Conrlr.uovt breeding lo Reg. 
«JuC*rj. DuY w>« or oH. Troruparta- llort nrflonjjod. Eajy ta set, ' 

Custom 'Built Trailers 

Gooseneck, Slock ond Hone 
Parii end icpairs ol all maltDs 

ATA5COSA TRAILER CO. iisvy. TA 
" 

. 
. 
11oo Tractor, ioi duoi tiydraiH'c ouffcl, with crail irm, S17-3U-7317, oif. 7 PM 

'fillcf\ 
Rerr-ovci 

 rust from water. Good corvdlllan. 

 icady io cfHyole. MS-6/W. 

BoElom O l i v e r SemJ-movnled 
3^, New Holland Ha-/ Dolce, Vai- 

_r Hoy Dale Loader, Uulllen Grasi 
Seeder. Day53n-lMI. mi 
TheTorgerson Co? 

Your ford Traclof 

TraLlor, good rubber, f- 
;ose Fci 
STAs-Vsv-Mff ' 
" """ 

Pcnra Posts dense Arkansas Ptr^i rruiny slics, vo'ume dlicount. 333-4o41. 

TRACTOR PULL 

JF HARD TO FIND-SHOP 
KALLISONyS 

Collie rustling vrorj« than ever — electric or l fa in less itcel brantflnaj 
Irons; ear la^s a-.d lotoo sthr rech crwlni end nwmbers. ccw btlls. %12S 
PTO tiactor or catlle aproycr J?i,W. 

 ire and hog jca:e*. AkCullouolt 

1o25 Nogalltos 
222-8^11 

Two IN 
Ford Traerors, -1 9H Ford 

Tractor, wHh equipmenr. All In pood 
— - J"'--v FcKmalf M aood, JCV 73 
"it cod Qood. AC Dfeiel wide 

Used 
3,oooo, 4, and 
5,ooo 
Ford 
Tfoclori. rSVany lo 
Choose From. 

EVVALO FORD TRACTOR IN 5E- 
GUIN, 
InlersraFe 1o ol HWY. 4& 

. 

CttcJc K Ror.ch 
Days 2149J7-3MB 

Kaulnwto', Texas 
Dill Hamlllon 

Jae EMU 

General Welding and R*palr. Mod- em shop, po*lob!e eqyipme.il. Expe- rienced welder). Mnll'i Welding. FM 
Rd. ijii. Lylle Texoi m-M\ 

FARMER'S SPECfAl 
\ 
24' oocsctiecK ncwral i 
Irallc-r. Mo reaionoWe i 
LL'i-OM; 

U Tan CHEV. Plthi-p Coinper. 

New, t7*3«. Now M«o. S'eepj d, ha* 
|vcry1hlna Lncfgd'na 2 way fllr. 4S5- 

" ' 
' 

1oo Bolos Johtscn Grass Hav 15o. 

 a v e l v Trotter-Mower 13SO. 643- 

I mcrnlri Brahma Bull 
W S»_ea C h. 41M13^ 
BRANGUS DULLS 

Phona tI3-ISM. 

BJ'.!I. U moi. cW ond readv Icr 

Poodle^ 
»*r^,l 

 iilUND AT STUD 453«o/ 
F'RE^ fo pcod har.e. 2 Male porv 
-'-- "'--I, Dochs'-und. OS-S&W. 

I Pupjilcs. Small. akKk, 

_ 
VLLJIe AI 
.-. 

•"Haw"?1' C°" CvCnlnaSr>7r«rf£r 

.. AFGHA*N~PUtiS*n 
~ ft'orMxifr' 

 nwsV, nfilcvM. 1 H'ole, 1 fcm ""_""__ 

PEKING*E5jE Mo!c dud fl 

_llS._Ca' 

 f>.\>alc She-r*'i;rd !'/» ycors. Snort- 

 filriKliy. _F?REE._ft:DO-o, *7J-iWS 

Slbcflii It^skv AKC Reg. fcinatc, II nics. oM 1oc layk-n hwre. Dcsi 
Icr. Ai 

. 
^ 
„, 
N"<EW STABLES 

Ncor 16o4 end IH35. lrxi;vl*jot fred oi'd lacX roam*. 17o (Wr n*onlh. 

^!l£* °i 'C'y.'t.^y*1^— va. tnarouQ'-bied Ware, ^DayT 
1 

; year old (Hiding, cxce^ent In 

 isrse, 1JJO. 3J3vm7. 
. 

I'bobCi:, A ' K C ' . s. WO. Si I TWO. __ servlce'by Reg. StofpeinV'sin. 

AKC 

AKC BA«Ef~PUPPin5 

 o n i p l o n P'oojllncs. Ali 

Champlen Stud ieivkc. «8 3>M or 
6SS-W73 oner 4. 
_____ 
_________ 

G niter Ounales, brtrctino i>ucKs and 

 s^all oood^ slock. 6?A-?«' 

C\jle Casrer nwinlcs W i-ath or 2 

S\. Ill Slncl^r, M tlto. t 

BEKS" Vr~Saic7i»'a hive. 633*o56o 

 cr SL.T, a'l day_rtCcVe_nJS. __ __ 
'Edil«"r"oCn|iltk 
:ALL COLORS 
__ if 1-1111 
__ 

W. 
' 

 t»S 

AKic" b!ne* Toy" P a o tf( • pup. 5 

 illis oM. 6SS «!»._ 

AKC ShilMe I'v-pi: ncfiuUul, inijlo 
Cll.l ttllltfl. 
$1oo. t«;l 7i59. _ _ 

FFitn 'piipnrs/'i moi. 'oidrmcdV. um »H«,_G3Vj w.lh ttilldrert. A?11197 

AKC b'ack and sshilc, 4 ^ccki, fill 

Pur-*. AKr. iii5. COM tnnst. 

AKC Off RAT DANE PUPS ' 
__ itlnrflei—4J1-U77 
' 

 up. Poodle;. Sn'.l/ Pu 

J Service. 92-l-Wi/, 4?6-i 

 cri VO i*P. CoJIIci n n it Pckeo'iv.oi 

US 

 c 

Poultry- 

Rabbiti-Bcc; 

 call 3I1CI37 or 3I4-1H?. 
CASTER [lUI.'NIES --"NCW "ZCA" 
LAND WHITES. Co'l KU-tU-ll. 
"riCEKEEl'nRS" SUPPLY STORE™ 
Root Co. S37 S. Flam St. 7B!o1 

Colnioo. 72J-77I3 rV.iSlcr Clinipe W 

 rnvtrr ii^n^^'f.iikVi," njckl-K* 
Wo ntry Rabo'iH. )Ji dS\l . . 
HAMI:R " niirjuiLS -ricv/ 
?ca.ord 

LGGS/OECiC''*' TURKEY 

 hirvllnj help It iimp!c wtjli or C rwcii Newt n:l Re I In. I In liva ninn wij lo otl Ihe ten. 7I-'i-l*AA-_ 
PHONO"YOUFI" WANT >t>— «i 

MCCOLLUM OPEN HORSE SHOW 

APRIL 11—tPM 

3cxor Coj.ity 5>erllt'i Pcjse Arena 

J-7oQ over all high P»Jnt a*Qr{' 

$59 First Runner Up 

GRASS SEED 

 doui breed Rcg. Black Ar 
• KOO; Bull 1 vear. VUO; •? 1 er WOO; Marshall Ou;l ? veai cis. W75. 613-Mll; r1^^^ QMcr 

 dn'rk. 
H *PRFr~Tt^rrroril CoVj afld Calves' 
Alia 3 Reg. ? yr. I It.clot d Rulli. !• 

Appo'ftoia^horses DTan>o{Xl H Ro-ich l-Ml-WH. 

. bam i-Pipe pe-m-Porl wc-rfJIng-Trnller monu 

Hay 
& l 

 ible & 

SJ4 p/'ja^ 
^.—1 
', 
1 

HORSL:-S1OCK--aooser-.ca Trailers if Special 

AMD ooo3CNCCK TRAH CRJ 

T*S. icrvicc, rfpnlrj. nnj Iron 
:nia s. 44X1 HAV. t() Un»,t (ul V/.\ 
•"'if rtd.) 31)1411. 

" "DOC'S" ARENA 

Every Sal. nire 

 fack Pot H«d»o-7:]j 

WUSTCIUI DANCC—J;oo 

Camper (—Trailer i 

'« SUNSET H1 SWS. 

STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 

HMO, 3 Ml. Nortrt at Qoerne 

R[ 2 flax 127 
(I) U7-7HS 

__J:!r^H_-l^_F!-M-: SUMDAY 
;T7i STJLELIN'E—LIKE NEW 

M. Cob-avcr-Cornpe*', Sleeps 4. In* udes commode. Also 
Jacks for 

•cmaval from p 

ONLY StW. 
LINED CAMPER S-VII 

• Short vdoc Wd tlJO. 

SAMTH S USED CARS 

7oS SO- ALAMO 

SHASTA ?!• 

Self contained wilh clr 

STAHM.MJH THA1LEP SALES 

IH1C-J Ml. West ol Docrr.c 

RI 2 Box I?; 
(I) Z4? 

OPEN SUNDAY 1 * P.M. 

 er, Mo/varjers o1 [Ice. 

STAHMAmi TRAILER SALES 

IH 1o3 Ml. Well Ol Docrne 

 r 2 B?x 127 
(1) VU9H4I 

_ OPEN S U HDAV 1-4 P.M. 

BUY OlRE"CT"From Warmfoclurer 

LARGE SELECTION-PICKUP 

COVERS 

STILES MFG. CO. 
_ 
_ 
•Jl iHASTA 17' 

Seir conlalrjd vr'ilh air 

STAIIAWNN TRAILER SALGS ill 19. 3 Ml. Weil el Ooerne 
RI 7 no. m to itton 

_P^ "—I' * J1^5j, s Ir 
1 ^D*y 

New 13' travcl'frallcrs 
AH Fl berg ton, onvlMna con pvll. 

Re (oil ii«S. DMUr colt ii;/L 

ScM for *?«. or Trade 
IL'-l AyiTi/i_jnvY 
&S3.c 

CAMPER COVEo5—4IW Up 

OESCO MFG. CO. 
»7J AU_STirJ_i>IVVY 
?J "Jr., 51ii~Wi«l 
MobUe Imme- AH riricr», Exccllen] 

O 1 I r* I Trailer ilW. UvJ, LlijN- 
XAI rlw'flM. V3S-19JI. lf.C. hjMLIuft TRAIL6R5, 71o W«t 
_ Ave. 

Scoll/ travel" Tro"ltr. 14" 

 ii-scil conlnined. 
Uteo% 
6. L 

•i7 SCOTTIG li'-Alr 

STAtlMAtlU TRAILER SALC& 

Ml 1o, 3 Ml. W*lt or n«fft* 

 r 3 DO' 177 
MJ 34774' 

OPEN SUNDAY U 
P.M. 

Sixth Pofle 
Wont Adt Exprasi^ws, Sot., April 13, 1974 

B??WHY?? 

 itn—Tralton 111o1 

 ll it due to our Offering Mare 
Trover Value per DoJIoi? Our 
Reputation for Good Service ' or our 

 iWHIOHIIUNOAlOrY 

 tMMk[Vltl*IRAI|[8S7 

COMIDKIDIFOSTOUSMIF- 

Open Weekdays -'Id 
7:3o; 

Sun. 1:3o4 P.M. 
HARPER MOTOR CO. , 
M(IIS.W..MIIl.rA»T 

CAMPER SPECIAL! n Honour *:iii tuni. uiiuuuii 

THE GILL COMPANIES 

. 615 5CKEOAO 

C.I. KUCMIXA 711-1414 [taji 

Mil! MCIOJE IS3J1H [„,, wrik. 

WiMl C a m p e r GoWen Oo!e •!«, sleeps t/ «H c o n t a i n e d , elec. fcfOket, pljs other extra feature]. 
Call 69^<W. 
* SHASTA* 

•^ KOl/MTRY-AfRH * 
AMERICA'S LARGEST SELLING 
TRAVEL TRAILERS 

SIZES U' 1o V 

6TAHMANH TRAILER SALES 
IH 1o-3 ml lei North ol Boern« 
Rt 2 Bo* 1?7 
(I) 2494.J 

OPEN SUNDAY 1-5P.AV 

17 
Air. 
. 

Spore tire, JIJOO. Coll 
" ' Starcraft Trailer Sales 
MYERS TRAILER SALES 

SECUIH, T£X -(1) 3JMI12 

.i1 SCo7TLE IS'-AIr 

STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH 1o, 3 Ml. Weil of Ooerne 

Rt 2 Box 137 
(1> 2494*. 

OPEN SUNDAY 1-4 P.M. 

69 Dodge Pfckup-*, 73 cab - over- ca.-TVW1 . . 8 feet, self container), ejccHlent condition. JOTS. 671-6741, 

___ 

• APACHE SOLID STATE *~ 
7J HEW EAGLE IV— J49S. 

•74 6-Sleeper HAWK— 1139>. 
+ AMF 5KAMPER -fr 

'/rSKCO? 5KA.MPER— I94S, 
•74 SK13C SKAMPER— S13V5. 
IIILLIS CAMPING CENTER 
_ 643.113o 

STARCRAFT or San Antonio 
4111 Noeo-P«rr[f> 
Wl-OW* 

TEXAS 

•MOTOR HOMES 

73 CHAMPION. ?lit. ttavlrtrt. AlWj ell. Many extras. Will Icke Beit ot< 

_f< l»?>w! Wildliewef, 43M3JJ. 
O"R REN?: Winiw*a_ai 22', s'eeps fully icll-contolned. &SI-53jiJ. 

 trolitr, motor/ head and gcitey. 64?- 

3 Dodge Avlex, 2o ft., sleeps 6, ex< as. 4.ooo miles, lite new, goad ml- eoce> lax* lote model car In troo>, 
IS3-33oo 

1 dodge Comptr Van, $li5o, Mi- 

 ma LANDAU. Fully Loaded. 7 

11oo down and QJium« paymcnti. 

-34J8 ojier 6?m. . . 
FOR SALE 

 self coAlalned wllh air condl- 

_ g farKien wheel, elccl. BroVci, 

 scd 3 times. Brand new and feel y at 12995. 

Phorve fitt^HH 

 tpup to 

No 

 like new-air 
1- 

 if Motor* 

Sport Deck Boot 9$hp Mercu 

Oiler 
S5 

73 2o' Carovelle orishor-s 183 ulier, galv. trailer v^brakes SJX<o 

Also Several New 
Invader Rass Itoals 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
,akc McQuccncy 1-557-6622 

!!, M»t«rs 

 ioon dwe-euti-ieis 
HXM coit. remftene 
31 mc^dtd secli 

Oonnct ruit, won't scuH, jaio ond ocFii proof, vstJltf pfo«4i p c f - ncnlly colored and malnfmotice free. 
Dulkl your own beat 
<* dock. 

SJt, Loro/oro. 

Randol Marine 
Open Saturdays 'HI 5 

Closed Mondays 

AT BUYS ANVWH 
W. HIUPE8R 

DON'S MARINE 

NEW BETRAM YACHTS 

«• & 31' Hi-bridge Cruberi, cdl 
BIN Kolrrrts, Gull Cwst Marine 

JET BOATS 

Hew !«• TRI-IIULL. J5J5o. Corr-plHt wllh halter. Phone anytime, Mr. puon, IX-1U3 

Ft PHANTOM 
Trl-houl wltti 7fl 

Chrysler tilt trailer, ccm^Jele 

 wlrh. nivi skits, 2 QOi tonVi. life reier\trs. tlMO, 11ke rew. CT-S 

Knodel Marine 

RESEARCH C 
Help Seiccl: 

•jiVBsot-motor etc. besl for YOU, nsl 
o-jr pocket booh. WE'RE not partial, 
••" Hock ALL: cg1 board 2 la lUShp. 
Mtrndrlve, JET-dnve to 3Wtvp, cab- in, d c c k b o o r , rutxib-.l. ULTRA high-performer* cieep-V, V-Irl, tri-V 
'•yiufl, se.-nlV, flat 71 to 2J ft; mar ilnum or 1oo% HAN 
' a s s dol?i (no1 

 i- n u r- r e L» i\*f brands ur( 

DROPPED). VirVrt not 'puling1 dli- trcis slock. Clean PROVEN beats 
ALL wider ONE all-wfalher roof 
Tt-urs till 9pm. NEVER Sat-Su*. 

 s«rvke foreman 3Q years; he's" i 
Barbera TOO, will do v,r,3Ti bei for YOU. Why gambit?? 
*" you cai't cut 
(HW 
24FI EJibp 

C O B I A cobM-crufscr wftfi BEIT poh elc for W85o, iry l>h for .lie: 
+74 E V I N R J D E 7C^P on 74 

Iryiull, se.-nlV, flat 71 
Irc lempcr aluminum 
DLAYUP l i b e r gla 
C H O P P E D like 

' 

GLASSMASTCR 
S o r I d e r. t*sl 

 s e a f o o d s , tracer etc 

R572, or w-WTip i?397. 
+Uicd: S«5 to tt?;5. warranty. 
BARBERA SPORTS 

11 p.a. I!».i. nli» t fJ->. Clrit 

'HONE YOUR V/ANT AO—225-liM 

SPRING SALE 

Our Complete Recreational Vehicle 
Inventory Is Now on Sale! 

PRICES WILL NEVER BE LOWER! 

Choose from Bartii, Open Road, TEC and olhers. Everything from pickup covers to the largest Motor Homes. 

TOM BENSON WANTS YOU TO ENJOY WHAT YOU 
DRIVE AND HAVE FUN IN THE GREAT OUTDOORS. 

VISIT US TODAY FOR GREAT SAVINGS. 

OR CALL MR. BILL THOMPSON 

AUTOMOTIVE 

(Truck i * l* 

WHILE THEY LAST SALE 

 fsjWB. 
CHEVROLET 

94oo SAN PJOlO-iAN ANTONIO, IIX 787U 

341-3311 

Ml DtAM fO« YOU, rOU« CHI1oJ1IW, AND Wit* fHUOtlH TOO 

BoaTs, Molort 

PO-BOY 
SPECIAL 

Kiw iijiei ln»g rig lien M- reiril IV cf g'tc-rVg fibtrglait 
• a ihe?9* io/l tri-m hj'l rfcal it pirfeit Fu rrc.jti.we. b»v or pfa'.i fiihlag. Jufll h iiUi-M} 

JA dull, Iwift 48 al. kf (Km cr bail 
™ bom. 
<ontol« iittijng. foil 

VJth binJi sealing S rwf. 
Fc*«ed by o jop«r 33 ftp «,!- bewrf thai 9*11 you ifi«r» 8 batV. •}£ loir. Also LxiV-ed \i a rev 1 'r .it 
'roiler *Jh ol Ii1cif wrrr.fi & IV lit dawi. Ttkti la ie3 kr c^V.. * 

 v. 
5888 
,yt 

>ki & Fish b«o* (op~4"stip, skli", 
I: t t s, cover, many extras, ex 
. $11oo. A23-S5oo, tee al Rkhorr-i 

 it 

735—Business Directory 
735—Business Directory 
735—tiusiness Directory 
735--Bustness Directory 

ExPRESSc^NEWS 

DIRECTORY OF 

Additions 
Carpet Installation 

Home Improvements 

 it HO MONEY OOWN * 
• AodiMoni • Kit chin i • Roofi • 

Deni • Bclhi « siding 

Midcrniie your he mi wilh 

 law rnonlMy poymcnli. 
For ttta eirimarei cell 

Ooys 7^-4211 — NUes 733-7<ll 

SAN ANfONlO BRICK 

AND LUMBER CO. 

^tothesline Poles 

 nd pafTttlig. 33 yn tg 

Jolinny Ochoa Cenilructlen hnay is, E, 

Ditch Digging 

 nc!o4*jfM, & Brick Work 

415-1 HI, 433 UN. i, 

 laekhoe and Operator-anv Wnd 

Financing 
REMODELING 

FREE ESTIMATES 

C & S LUMBER 
U7o Roosevelt 934-6SS3 

 ms GatlraviUc Rd. 43J-323S 
RLMODELING A>AINTINO* ... 

H.C. COMPTOH 
M'-HH. 

)irt, Sand, Gravel 

REMODEL NOW 

ATJD 5AVU 
All work gvarcnltid. Free c 

CALL_?»-?»? 

See Us First 

LEESCH LUMBER CO. 

1oIQ V/. ASHPY 

 hftir Conditioning 

JOHN A. ALBERT 
CA4-71d6 

REPAIRS AND INSTALLATION 

SERVICE CONTRACTS • 2< HOURS. 

Asphalt 

1o,ooo CUBIC YARDS J 

OF SELECT TOP SOIL * 

SrocV P,led 7 nilei Noil cl Iron Valley. Want I 

 n°655-8o11 

RUTH'S D"r*lsmak[r;g"A 
A~Mero~1icn 

S h e i i ? 3 4 . l ? 

JOHNTJY RAMIREZ JR 
CONTRACTOR 

OfivewJyS or Forking lo-is 73S-359J 

Auto Repair 
GENERAL MECHANICAL REPAIR 

Valve Special * i cyl. US Up. 

Overhoul Sxclal - 116o Up. 

HARRY_LEE 
_U-37M. 

•* ENGINE OVERHAUL 

< cyl. 41» 15 point special. I cvl. $Hf 
Motor & Trcnsmitslon Service 9jl^ ~ 
Bulldozer Work 

Carpet Cleaning 

SPECIAL! 

General Maintenance •w-'l thomj your carpels for 6'/x: Sq. FJ. v/orX Ouo/anleed. 
For 
Free E 

Coll: AM-KIS2 or VI4-1H3, 
Carpeti cleaned orni ihcmpooc irec eillroales, 533-*lD7. 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
„ 

-A- SPECIAL!! Lrvlnfl DlrJnn ro en. ha!hJ2?._2W:9729,_3?3-a3a7, 
STEAM 
CLEANING^ lCc'"p»r 

Shampooing I cents per n Ihre 
O^xH M. CoJ MIKE: 776-J3SS. 
Carpentry 

Carpenter? 

CARPENTER. Anythtrg from Roof 
\ng to F o u n d a 11 o n i, Ho |ot> too 
.moll. Free Eit. AH vrtrfc auaran 
Ued to tollifacllen. 7J7-1OT*. 
Concrete 

C O N C R E T E CONTRACTOR. c * n i « d c*4 bonded. Fou/itf ol i tnt efrJvrwO1!/!, pot^ti, palteii o^v 
C*ftOrete. Pr*e Ellknolti • p| coJI Romo^: <K-76». 
-^ Mphclt, Cc-wrele 7oo l ecr\ 

FREE E»t(molM /JJ-I3OU 

 r Johnny Ochoa Construe*. nertle <xrf AwhoJt. Ho Loi (o o or jimaii.jWS-miiJlJ-tWl. 

CcwiifoelsrV c*n««ie"& A 

Child Care 

 l«ocher, i w*<i.-5 yri. Rrit Bo-pllt 

ABC,~HurMry 5cf»*PrJo¥~"c«?i. By 
Mr., day, wi«k. 115 wV. 47442o6, «7/ 

 iaiiiKKJlon p*ui Ii wftot vov a* with en ExxHcit-Ntwi cictiirkd ~ J 

GUERRA BROS. 

Hauling 

EVERV&AT" 
HAULING 

Tile 

WE HAUL JunV Ccrs I:ree!l Co!l: 

.umber Yard 

OL5-4ooo 
Topioil 
\ 
Sondy l&cm _____ ^ 

TOP "SOJL7 "SA"N"D7'G"RAV(=L" 

LEE'S TRUCKING 

673- 45O? 
___ 

 kt 

___ 

, Scndf Locm, Gravil , 

 ioncble price, iij.JSH. 
~ 
~ 

_ 
^^ 

OP SOl'lli SAND, GRAVEL. N r.d N'orlhweif. Bob'i TrixkUig. 3*2- 

 op jo;i, olio sprccrf, Norlh, Worth- 

Moving 

MdvTNG~~ANl 

CcmpfeSe or PoTtlo. ng- Lov¥CU rotet in to,v.i!_341-lS7i. lowing 

 iondy UQBITI - Top Soil, Dirt arx 
" 

A. BARRON 

All Ifpci Dirt, Sand. Gravel 

T deliver year round. Ccrfl: «5-41S7 

Top Soil 
1 
OLi <V<» 

Any kind 
SAND, 
G R A V H L 

C R U S H E D 
ROCK, 
ASPHALT, 

KAULIKG AHrTHIMG. CHARLES. 
Dressmaking 

Fencing 

Fiberglass Repair 

Furniture Restoration 

Fur nil u7« re fiiil i hi ng. Rede il _n» ari 
- 

Foundations 

_ 

MARTINEZ 'BROS. 
HWK Lcvei'.ng. 

' 

Floors Finished 

FLOOR SANDING AHO FINISHING 

Frrts njlirr.ulii, CAI-2141 

Aemi Ftocr FJnllhfr»,9o? Sen PttTp 
Garage Cleaning 

House Leveling 

- THE IRISHMAN 

_ J°JlrLPJll'a?n.- ^yiL*-*1*- 'J*: 
LITE KouTni. 'Clean oarcp*. br^th. crc. Folhe^jon:_i^i1Q. 
MUNOZ~Houie LivellRfl aid'F dotloni_T«polr. F^e <sl-^l*-S»J._ 
LITE 
HAUL1H5. Vcc/ fttolor.ah'e 

Rale. 3Xl-l?/i. 
Home Improvements 

STOP! 

 vying otXHil yaur Mmc Improve- 

 ment needs ond wonls. Mike « f-jhlll yixir needs a) o pilce 1o yovr bodgel. Call Mike's OWE 
RemoiJeHIrig for oil yow horn* Im- provement ncrfi. srtxi'l or lar_e 

4»-i?ii 4 <]? mi. 

Ream a Edition i, oarage en;tc 

In iv hulld & repair ct-dor d 
»O/.?i tleil Crelr.ert 
House Leveling 

Hauling 

WAIT 

Don't Sfroin or fwii! !.H "ite do your halting for you. fleowwt,' pftettf. Calf fAlke: H1-617J. 
Sotufoct.on rj> Ii" vrfwt yw o wllh an Bxpreit-UeAS ciciilflcrf & 

 loofing 

337-468o 

JUNK CARS 

MARTIN 

LUMBER YARD 

72! N. ZSRIAHOIH 

V.'i ffir 
BE ABU 1o FllllNC! 

WOBK IF YOU PIESENILT OV(i 
53ooo OR uss ON roua HOMI. 
433.944] 
432-o1II 

Office Open Saturday! 
Airtr 6:3o end o'.ldcySmJty 
732.2977, ?3J.61o3,3<!-o!S2 

Mewing * Loll, arr work. Freo Ell. 34 

Lorge <x sino'.l lols. Coll Aller S:3fl 

WHY PAINT! 
ALUMINUM SIDING 

SALE 

$299.oo 

INSTALLED 

 l,:boo5Q. FT. 

Many Colors 

653-3o88 

" 

5 y«"rs exp. on con^poi1t(O,1 i 
Qftr/cH loof. Ra-nilrei CAJBIfi Lie. 

C & H ROOFING 

SPECIAL! THIS MONTH ONLY, 

Wood Reofi Repaired New Hot Rocfs 
Remove 
1 ccmp roof, In.lall 2O 

Scwfctloo _hlng?es, i3o. per iq. Inilall 
24o rcot over exIsHr.a rocf, 533 per sti. Gixironleed ond BsnJed. 65S-To39. 

M .6TSON S 

RooFrna ond repair, pcrnallng, lcv«l- ng, ard cddillo^s. Cof| onytlmc: 

Rwring. Additions, Panelmg. Kcuje l " 
'" 

Grovel Rcoli, new, S35 sq, up. Com position rood K2 sq. Up. ErJIre re- turFocIng, tcpa'ts, pric? nllmalcs. 
53o-4o7o- 
ROLAKD s 
7o c 1o77 
ROOFING 
/35-1977 

Screen Repair 

SCREEN Repair." Alia nevf'cws'.«. 
D;jilf. PkVup and delivery. Free ei- 

Sheetrock 

CaravuHf, 17 (I. Deep V. jq^, short bow, Sihp. Mercury. 

Power frfm, bilge pump, ?4 gat. anV. J3/JO. r/^vln 'r -' - " 
V. WilQHowcf. t' _ 

"Catcmoro.!, i 

Acrcury Motors, w 
Will I i Prance. &5»-79^ 

SHEETKOCKING, Tapirig'cnd~F1oat< ing. stKoring I«x1urc o.-»d accustlc, 

Skids & Pallets 

PALLETS 

MOFFETT 
LwT 

TiJIing 

GARDEN TILLING 

• 
SOO sq. i). or Icis 

 free Trimming 

Trees Cut & Trimmed. Haul trwov 
PVre Eillmalcs. JJ2-77i8< 

 noteis, ai 

 bjlldkifl 
, 
. 

 r:or end cxtcrlcr, minor carper.- jrvijrX. 317-«I5. _ 

PAINTING. OLrt!ld«rinir<fe. A-1 Job. 
Reasonoble price. EitrV^lil-^d since 

Free Esllmatei. W3^W9. 

TREES CUT OR THIAW.EO' 

MAULED AWAY, RELIABLE MEN 
PREE ESTIMATES 
"GEiRTH' 

_S3VlW/j>T 332-8417. _ 
, Hetfses. Cvl, Trim,'Mauled 
731-1613 
_ 
Fo'^s: «?-o?o: 

NEI=T"THEEZ 
Cul, TrEm. Hmil 

Fre« Estlmalet 
Reaionable Rale 

George_:_ 4S£-«36 
Alfred: l»-?|7: 

FREE E S T I M A T E 5: Tr«ei ~K 
Hed_ei i e moved. TrJnwr.erJ, Topped yike^3<1-7iSO Anyli.w. 
REMOVE 
UnwameV' IrceT, brush 

Timber Cutting 

ATTENTION! 

Gel Any 2 Rosrr.s pa nkd for arly 

$99.99 

'Ightly higher lor mlr.ny cnJsrt. 

 ail Mike's G e n e r a l Remodeling, 

FOlT'pa^'nrlns of t'he~M_Mi1~q5oi^y", 
Wllh Prices you cai oilord, CALL 
JERRV [Special Prices on Exterior 
V/crk). 3J2*16U 

E 
People 
UNI Icke prftfe ,- 
Ihclr work. Call 
Da*« • PakilLr.g 

- 
_ 

QUALlfY V;ark al r e a s o n a b crlcei. Ir.lerEer end t-tJrrlcr palnl- mj, repair orx) »e«-*<IH'ng. psnlel 

Ctrna Jr. 737-77?6. 
__ 

PEREZ AND SONS PAIfjfTf'lG 
< exL-Jw e*t;jl3J-(W4k 
_ 

Palnllng. fnlerkif, Eifcrlor, rnfnor 

 lrs. coll 7cm-12prr, Ffco Est. 

. 
. 

 e«!crlor, spray oto^sllc celHrva, lar* ond Flooring, rack repair. lexlurr. SUet- 

Plumbfng 

JOHN A. ALBERT 

C. 
WATlIR 
HEATERS. 

OIS>I WASHER 
REPAIRS 

MARSHALL CO. ... 

Services, prumbtrnj, Mal.'ng ond oV ccndlllcnlna. V/aler healir tervfci a.id saiei. 134 Clnclrwioll, 7U-4Iil 
Painting & Papering 

 i pair 111.5, pope/honing. Shfilroch 
Indow o all retx-iri. Bu^o*| Uirni 

_ » neomm«r><I 
Ril'lDtata PoJnfm 

•r.a* Po9*rh^no«rl. Fret EdlmoUl. 

ALA'/.O PATM7 L WALLPAPER 

?11 Cfctcbrc) 
TM-ilCI 

1161 ralr AV*. sn JJi; 

PRASSEL LUMBER CO. 
XO V/^OUAOS 
II4U 

Rj»mofliilflg"|4o"lc.tr Iso \grgt 

 tn-LO'l 
I'Wmlto, 

 r 

Ol, ( point 

1 Cut Tlmier. Ola or Lmis |obj. 1o exper. Molll ir.q>,;n« a-id I'l 

 ne. John Honno: 
Rf l Bex 43 
Lovernlti. Tx 74131. 

Top Soil 

TOP SOIL - SANDY LOAM"" 
_RrEASONABLE. GE4-SCi9 
TOP SOlLT^ SANbY'TOAM 

J3Si 5CM 

MIXED Tcp SoJI and~~Sa"rdy~ToanT 
Gravel/ —' "- *•" 

BELGIAN GARDEN 

Top Soil 

JU? CaitrOvlKa Rd. Oelween /e.. a-^J Ca'KJpfton Rdi. Eoiy acccji to 
HI M W. ftandoy n.ru sal. 

. 

 ich Mlxirl Loam. SI3.iO up. S 
-vj Eoil S-A. DUGI Trucfcmo, 317 

- , 

TOPSOIL-'SA fJD- CRAV E 

Upholstery 

CTlES, 
REUPKOLSTERED |M 

& UP. 

311-5611; oiler i «1 Mis. . 

Weed Cutting 

MOV;ilIO Larg* end Smo<l Acr^ 
Cinltm p I o w I n a, poi! Mltl dug 

- 
_ 
_ 
_ 

CUIT OM ~S"HR ED D irid "A ii b~~wETb 
CUTTING. Lorgi o.-xJ I moil ixre 

Yard Work 

Landicoplng, Tftpwll, hetJ_*i," Tree cut, Irlmmed. Lu^ni treoied. Flo-wei bedt, tjcoi* planled. ?74I16I, 37J-S*> 

YAHD~WORK~A~KAiri.TNO 
COM c»i»_ymor<oi_: i»^*7; 

'wBj d» iW Mnd tf vord w«rk~OA( pri/nlngl COM 43JJ«i onylimtl 

;o>d" 'wer*."Frw~€iri>rol«i.* FJor'lh 
>«; rxvfr. *3i 3?U, <31f7/t. 

YARD WORK 
Londuoplng . To» Sel 

 f Vord'orwJ Gordon 

 ll llrT^'4 W'ir. M E 

 fll Mrtt In rht rnorn 

RECREATIONAL 

Campers*—Trol Ion 
Campert—Trailers 

BIG FAMILY SPECIAL! 
1 7-ft. FULIY SELF-CONTAINED 
COACHMEN TRAVEL TRAILER. 
Sleeps 8. Refrigeroloi, stove wirS hood, balli, own water iyilem — tKe workil 

DURING-APRIL $2,955. iiiaifliat'^H^ 

3329 5.W- MILITARY DR. 

IKi ml. W. of IH-35 - 

924-8336 

Boaffr Mo for* 

CASH 
FOR 

BOATS, MOTORS | 

& TRAILERS 

WE Bgy and Sill 

Uicd Baali, Molert and 

 froilm 

| RANDOl MARINE j 

.HILDEBRAND 

732-8233 

Hunting A ff«hfng 

Deer & Turkey Hunters 

I bit, Larger Irctls al lo-nrcr prtcn. 

Prime d«r ond hjrXey c o u n t r y . 
Ncof Camp Wood. Rolling mountain wlfti good acceu. Coriy termi, SI. 

1, 3o-yrar financing. Sold and H- eJ by cwncr. TucXcr, 7152411; 

CASH patd for late modrl com- 

 pacts. Top p r i c e s paid. SMITH 
C H E V R O L C T 1221 Broadway o! 

COjTdlllon J3SO. Afkr 5 6S5W3o. 

 qolppttJ, come* wllh *o ho olnti end motor and liille d ic, j ycari oJtf. J18oo. J4 rjnjK^scsft at 43] Trudcll. 

TO H.P. Mercury mofor an 
.cneilar Boat ft. llralicr. I 
51-61 M 

FT SEA BREEZE wllh 55 HP 
•ryjler molof, full company wJ1h ks, n-a|4c Jilt Irailer. 5-15oo. 6S5- 

 pump, ?• g. Mg.[ 
, aas 

5151 

 c, 2 4SNO illcr. $955. 

KIDD MARINE 

8o3 Hwy. W HONDO, TX. J?i>-]23o 

4 FJ". FIBERGLASS, w i r e d for ifihts wl>h 12oo iti. copccily Dll'cy roller, (uit pcocl, prccllcolly new. 

1» HP eulboerrJ, 17 ft. hull large wheel, till 
, 473-AS13. 

 t71 Johnson ?o HP vrltti co propelicii. Like new. 43/5. 

1-438-29J9. 

DON'S MARINE 

Custom m'-if-htote boat en 
If- 

 pcntooni-alr conditioned, 2o' 
— --"-'- 
Ircd 11o ' " 
:c Seleci 

_ rear. LI 

Norhfna like II aiy- 

 wherc. Sacrlllcc, J33SO IrKlixfei - 

_tr_aller. 22^1542, L angle in. 

 nq ilVopS, galv. (roller, l.fc [cck- 

\__lor coih. PE2-q?a2 oKe-'r '& p°m' 

16'FTIrNVAt>-ER 

 wllh 
. 

TEX-AlL BOAT 

222-3628 

Julf States Yachts, Inc. scemakt-ri—Hallerai—Ugn 
Harbor 
'o|on, Matlhew3-Mog-~um", Detrain, 
E«e;ic.it Uied lloal Davi. 

JSEABROOK, TEX. 7lJ]3<-j5Sl. 

QiMicnlfo [kxit," Dilly ird!*r, II 

 fvll, 

DF1SH Sailboat, and Tralkr 

3 la lion to""j a fri^mc In. pur', bcouliful 
W1 Yawl, ilccl 

I 
SoJJl, rcotfy for cruijln; 

. 
_ e. 14.ooo eath person would 

 f boot end maintain end ktrp I li:p lor a ye-nr n\ Corp-ji Chriili 

Co.l Carney Jcnei, J41-94?3 or ?36 

S'AlLBOAT - 31' VENTURE." T roTf e r 

LE4oo4S- 

 ifi \\. powereol. Trl-hijIP. with 
TlTi irall-r. ms. Car o383. 

Skiin 

-t ecr 

GOAD-ANDERSON 

GIASTRON CO, 

:~r, //okc olfer. 5J.J-3o14 or LE7-I 

35 Mercury, loervorr.etor. spcedo 

 meter, ?4 oollovi byill In tanks. ie< jqh ilrtc nrwl rear curlolni 1e pkreiy er.ciose, //.otchlng a>s 

Irailer v>IFh over jlje rvxi rui 
•^eily.iri vAcefi, bvdd/ bearing i 
IxkeJ 4po*e. 334-AWo, -Lar^f 
I. alumliHim nan 
BocTC 11 

Evlrj-utJe, 
Hfeclrlc 
Irclllna motor, 

,OIer;^ .9?1- ?? s J? nl(' U^'*' """ 
• 
_ 

 cTif'pofXrla fPM Sof f 

Sporting Ooods 

Rerr.rnr.ion 12 aauix pump iho! r 
T-/BC boirt\n. Cujiom carrying 

E"ol»Te"s~TKEeT~pjii*i~&~' 

 ff._6«-77Sjl, 
721-o13o. 

OUNS: Over o'ltieuiovwrio chaov 
. . . . 
. 

 e Rem"fi_ion MoJ*l p, Oi«lra tone/ ilotk. 
1- 
_ 
5r>e 
1-3/7 

I Kuntlng & fishing 

5 YOU "IIE'CD'A"CcAVeT~i i 
•-" 
•• (or ileer, hlrdi. vrrm'rt, 

 l inrween * and 9 P/* J 
'Hunt Iri'wild fl'Tiixar i-V/ifrf ro/orhflck-nui.._ 

 rjlto loveirna and bobfol, ri 

Tf, txivy hono gun, year around, b> fln;xi'nrme/>t Only, no hid I ro 

Wanted-Autoi, 
Trucki, Traitors, 

Motorcycles 

/W Eng-ncs 1175 and up: ConshJc rade. wonlcd wrecked or rcpalrobJ 
VWS. 65S-66C9. 

Molorcytlcft 
—Scooters 

1973 HAULEY DAVIDSON 

C rnlUt, 
I5'J 

3 Yanxjhn 753 MX, excelle.it condj- 

>2 Twcn fistir. Molrxiross, r«rn-ni«Jo.i, good conaVtlon 

MOJT COMPlITI STOCK 

OF ACCESSORIEI 

AND MOTOUC YClIS 

IHICHITH IIXA5 

ALAMOf CASA 
SUZUKI 

7412 

AUSTIN HWT. 

A53-AS4o 

IOOP41o at 

NLW HOURS: TKUR.9-S 
HOK-TUE.-WID.-iai.9-6 

SAT. 1-5 

3iO, very clccn. 17oo 

3SOCL Hondo, '7o 18o Yomohi 

 o^ bul ChecrpL M3-637B 
" 
" 
-- 
SUZUKI 
T-7X" X-'S 
Invadi 

 co.itpleE-ly reslaroble. needs cnn'n 
" i£!l^«S^J-««._*M6_For c»t_WQf 

'74 Pefilo 
____Very__*pj I 

•'an. ?ooo mik3~ S^'?iVrri7'22j"-m'i> l?C-Oj«7, 

Butloco™ 
Mof co r^ 

Super Trick 

Diet 
Dike, co s i 1=oo 

~Dl7t~~B I keT~StreVt~ le 

7O Lj 
J cii ncf\ 2 ooo ' 
/z nonaa aL o5o mi . 
S34-3m 

 c" d 
1? TAlJA""o8"5- ^""^ 

"KAWASAKI & PUCII" 
SAM ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 
* AUTHORIZED DEALER •*- 
SALES * SERVICE * PAftA 
. . . S * SE 
J13 NAKOMA 

JTijei. .Tf 
73 

. Frt. I.I 8 P.M 

After- 5, 9?3-CK 

Motorcycle Insurance 

..?.9SPo|.< ^ ° ? f c > a - ( n i 
1W9 Efarrev' 

 ilon-J^^OTbJL 
£LSINORE ±M. Good Stwpc. WS 

Mar ran ISO Co^n.no-.tfo, mlnfcon d.l.oo i end 2 hclmcli, $|S«. kk 

'» KAWASAKI "zi, ;"?CO rmlcj, cor.dilltm, 1HK». Call ;»3 S?33, o 

> onyllme oiler 7 p.m. or wee* 

Ducall' 

 some cuito viii1h"~'2ir~cni 

 arrfa'CL 35o, 4,ooo mJiej. crv, 3 he I me Is. Perfect condi 
.j«S. 537-43o7, 

Kawoi'aki^low 

 iJVfW- Co" M4-.4 

NOR'fdll 7iO, 
- 

HONDA 3Jfl, 1977 Mo_e"l 46oo~ 

 rtt^y cofxfinon. .44 -1175. 

SELL OR TRADE 

Cut lorn Built I Chopper 5« Honda engine, rfoltJ framo, fuil built, htr^ iia^jjf&jir"' exrre^'^ n:«* "t- 

5W milii. ? TionJri* eld. 

"SW12 

HARLEY 
CltOPPEti^in9wroe"n 
-ijrtillcfl. Slrtel leool. frk«d vo ul 
S3ooo fHrml^6S3^W7. 

 ijx i/oy )3( CC/oJmsj niw. Approximate ui« 13 Nl. 

V/AMTEO: VloMo'll* I 

1974 GMC 

Sierra Pickups 
*3333. 

Plus A Very Special Clearance Safe 
1974 GMC DEMOS 

STOCK 5S«: 
Siitr* Grande 
Ait • fewer 
AutomelU 
Rear Chrorr-.e Bumper 

<!< V.I llnled Gle,l> 
Clgik 
HD S<io<k> 

STOCK 
628: 

Sie/ra Grende 
All • Power 
AalKnalTc tear Chr. BL-nipe 
In I Wlieel Co»t 
JiSo 
35o V-9 linlid Clou 
Cle<k. 
Ul Wkul 

STOCK 486j 
Suptr Cuilom 
JUr • Powtr 
Aulorflotic 
Rear Chr. Bumper 
WSW I»ei 
Radio 
ISO V S 
Tilled Gloit 
Cnrgo lamp 
Whtel Coxn 

STOCrC 52o: 
Jierra Gland* 
Air • Powei 
Aaleraotic 
Ul Wh»l 
WiW Itru 
AM/IM Rgdio 
454 V-9 
Tir.lld Clou tlo.k 
Cargo ;omp 

Some of These Units Discounted Up To $9oo.oo 

THE TRUCK PEOPLE FROM GENERAL MOTORS 
MOTOR TRUCK SALES CO. 

1133 BROADWAY 
227-93o4 

( 

Tlres-Pnrli— 
A..«..rl.. 
Smiths Got em! 

TED - One Good HxA" Crajer 
Wlieel wilh Fofd-Mopar patlc-rn. 

Will pay lop price. 624-5723 alter 5 

Chevy Ii arls. THr 

BUICK Spcctal V-6 er.gl 
3 

5 39? Penllac engl/io* 196S Chevro- 

Pfckyp parls. All In Q«d co.idl- 

 n. After 4, 1-5S7-SSO, 
(PJcosan- 

Wrecked '47 Otdl DcUii_nt," 4-dooF, 
" 
II\ itr peris.J?42-o7?.S 

/ilAGS, J 13" oil Plnlo. 2 13" Hrc- ilone tire's -irnIudcd. Like new, J14o. 

 l?S. Fur norls."ott-iWOr'. il Chey trnpo'a ,_4 dear Itardjcp, 

'onsmli- chromc 

 wheels a:xf 1lrci, GT wtieeli. <O3- 
17t3. 
^ci and Mags ow. 3-G6orl5, 7-L oll Ken or Tom 

[or Oievy, like 

 xT5. S2oo firm. alter 5pm. 92J- 

 eluded. JJ« firm. 333-7774. 

Truckx & Commercial} 

Trailers—Buse* 

. 
73FORDF-25o 

LWB PJCKUP, VB, aulo., cir, power Peering, bcatjfiful Irock. 

$3195. 

Son fntgnfq |>h. 224-6677 

1973 Doijnc Trade i men Vcn, excel tent cond.Lon. 341-6SS6 otter 6pm. 

CO ~,d I Hon. S*?5. <£A-4 

/i 
Ton, no 3d working 

 llrefc, e n g i n e , Hani.. cller 5 $1,ooo llrm. 116- 

, 
. 
, ____ 

 a-vd clean, CKtros. 4J7-61M 

GRANDE FORD 

TRUCK SALES 

IH 1o al WAV. While Rd. 
£il-4m _ _ 

AOAM'S'fRUCK CO. 

[Jew and Used 

Truck Paris 

SCHOOL DUSES; AU : 

_alllos J 

 tTlcTe~PTrnr^~ 
7o Chevy fJeiUkie pkk-u,T. Ctean, ' owner. Air. Camper ihell. 35o ertg. 

•jj~rof'i"Ranis errWTonT L"WD,~ wifii air, and camper. Loaded, wllh ex- 
1rc>. 331-a3?3 
'69 Dodge Sport Pickup 
DUCKET SEATS, AIR, HEW RAOI 
AU 
TIRES, 
AUXILIARY 
GAS 

T A N K S . VERY GOOD UUY Al 

___ 

Lorvboy GcMciuck Ira Her, 4 a«Te" 

DOUOEN CQUIPMENT CO. 

IM1_S._Prc»a _ 
___ 
_;_ 113-41J1 
" 
~ 
~ 
^ 

'79 'fH'FW Lwn- w lon plcl 
/z untvr 6 _fd. 517a). a3.= 

'dS FORD PICKUP $495. 

ISO P«'CE_Aye:_y_?_>:71_74_. 

**i~SCi5of Awheel dr. J?5o. 

 l»_PrJCo Ave. M37174. 
,« OMC VI. Vi'ton"LWB, vrilh 1 torv &_Hit llnerl comper. Gxlrn r 
IjOM. •« CKEVY v5 Ton V», I 

 fifa"'n~vi~icn. 
Good~vio7)[ri'^ tlXOJ or best olfer, 43W19o 
•71 Jcefiler, 4WD, ccnv., oood con- 

 hevy Window Van* 

1? IflTERfCL Panel Van, nuh), VI, 

Vfls/rf. Cn1^IJ.ou_W3 
Ford R~onch*ro. 17oo «<;uliy. It* poymwh._Loo<led. 7W-3*W _ 
I Truck, J,!i ton wlln* utility bod^ 

 txvuiian, win po/ caih. AU-lill. 
Furl Tanks-Custom Macln 

Plutr-nlc (gniuini Inttolltd 
Drifln* 
Cffkr«rKy 
SyiTimi 
|J MonlK 
_ 
^ 
_ 
|]M: 

"WILL'PICK UP OLD CARS 
Artd icrop rr.il-l ill 4j?| 

/cdlo, htnlcr, onrt 
[>eavy rfcjpy hurnne oiler *1JW73 

 n1/ llr*i 

 iW*t"Cht'vy •pood.' JM'ertg'nflV'Aiklno 

' 
" 
" 
~ 
~ 
" 
' 
~ 

. 
_ 

'« FcVd Picku^r ita'-Hbr fjood running. D MI9-FITI . 

'74 Chevy Van 

Stack 454o6 

Solid white <ofor, sfade bfue inferior, window all around, auxiliary secil, below eye-line painted minors— Heovy di>ly Iront and few springs. 25o-6 cylinder engine, turbine nyjlronmlic transmission, 5- 
7.oox14 Hack lires. 6 ply (ommeitkil, gauges 

345O 

1 2oo BLOCK BROADWAY 
223-4281 

73 Diarr.end Reo's (31 1o-tcn Dl«- 

'71 PF.TPKBILr WMO. ba. ond 
W T i o y m c n r s €?6-3W9; /Ar 

QR1.7AI5 After ^ PJA. 

6J FORQ 6 cyltnrJcr, Ltorvdard )wb. 
«195. 5911 Rarxtolph fe»-34?| 
4* CHEVY V S - s t o n d o r d , short 
Mbaie 1J?5. 5911 Randolph 655- 

Chevy i'Jckup.6 cyfrrrfcr. \Vilti ir^Kr. 
SSSO. 
6318 S. Zanailoro. 

71 FORD V) ton 6 4ld tISTS 

6? CHEVY Van A Md 
%I«S. i* CHEVY ',<i ton, clean 
J79i 

45 DODGE !/j Ion 6 .Id. 
U9S 

*5 CHEVY van 
*"...S49. 

SMITH'S USED CARS 

735 S. ALAMO 
27&914I 

*'66JeepWagon'r 

 cyt., prlvolr owner, 
• ilJV. ;32-7233. 

ALAMO V.tHITE TRUCK SALES 

BI6 PROD AUDI 

224-S131 

\9Jl Dllun Pickup, 4 speed sla artf, J'l MPG, loci box, ond c x t . 

 a-3l7Jriays;?3-3S9ft alt- 6. 

 d'j 
ISiO CHEVY. _ . _ „.. 
-Jew enr>ne end troni. 19( 
'72 FORD 6 eyllm 
1IB9S. ff?]J Rcmdolf 
7o cXlc~liolf " 

•npcr a 

&53SU6. 

 ton 

 an, VS. aulo Irani., 

Tuck-Away Tailgate Lifter 

Hydrcuik, UM Ib. copaclty. 

 cvy 
, 

 ivy duly c v c r y t n 1 n q, . 19,ooo miles. H3oQ, S2875 whr> all metal camper. M< gM?, atlcr 5 4B-IVJ15 
.** FORD pickup, new Iranwnlwlan, lifJO. PhonB^MlJin^ 

CHbyV Window van, 6 Sid. 

_ 

'utliify. Very nocd 

64 Mack, 473 crk_rne, Trl-ple*. screw, iww_ilr«, wilti end dum 
Lulkln Irailer. Excellent coo 

• '7o CHEVY *, U ton 
3wer, oli.aulo^'LWD, i 
I owr.(r. 1USJ. |lt< 

'67 
CHEVROLET n 
«S5. Con be seen ot V3S 5. 
Ton Pickup 

OHT YOUR '/4 OMC TRUCK AT 

MOTOR TRUCK SALES 
11)1 PROAPWAY CA7-MM 

DUMP TRUCKS 

Trad or and Trailer 

>7t Chevy ond 'u Chevy 

CIO i*rlci. lj yd. dum?, excel candlllon. 

 i773.""/rfoo"5odor> &prtft~Adven"! 
_ _ vi aievV ^i ion p'jckup 
" taoc'erf Lined com.xr. I34M. 

STAMCAANIJ TRAILER SALES 
IH 1&-J Ml. Norm at Doerre 
Rrl Dox 137 
(t) lf).-nt> 
___°™iyju'!DAY i^ KM 

19*4 
CMC pickup,~cali ^ircr 

. 
' Looiti flood, bejt of 

 fpS&tfn.^rSrrrri 
. 
. 

71 FlOb V* 51o. 

. 
LW5, ftU. d^? 

_ . _ - . . i _ 
5 
ACRES Trutki, IralleriV fTulp- 

 nwnr. We tr«**, fl«flrKf. Olol kil 
Irro MO 791 JW! JOtlllSTON TruS' 

 o up"(tiyp>inU-V'noh r«3 pfck" 
" " 1 
- 
. 
Wririrj: 
""' ' 

. 

" trc'w .ColiT DiiiTo 
•"' c"w Coh plt* l| 
. ll. 9.ooo mllct. 

. 
. 
. 
'irciiavv^riw, I«KJ, .virnarT.r rxrl, rrir powir Ifflerrco. 1HW. TJa 

73FORDF-1oo 

LWB PICKUf, Vfl, Gulo., lowrr 
Cxlraclcon. 

$2895. 

Na. T»ll S.A. Pl,in« 221.647/ 

WINCH TRUCKS lIRilLUi 

3>ra^d.m Dlal.l Winch Tlwchi 
4-Slngl. A«ro WIntll Trucks 
1-6o Ton 3-A.U lawBOT 
1-lllToi.T.ndimlOWCar 
3.OIL lULD FIOAIJ 

«CI^» trudi i lii^tis 

1.1 1KB! 1 V1U 

JOHNSTON TRUCK CO. 

1968 GMC 

8V717RT-91o 

Power steeling, 44,ooo Ten- rJem, double sled {fame. 

Meat for dump or gravel 
Moulds. 

SOUTH TEXAS 

KENWORTH, INC. 
Days 661-6754 

. Eves. 69o-1988 

(roc. VI. 5-spccd Irons., 2-lpeed Bxln wllh 24 tr. cable dump Trailer, rJOytf.' cop.), cood caodlllon. I32W. d23-2Ml.J 

 aH Sorvfcel 

 uppllti 

'4! Piper Comanchxi 2». tU,JOO. Will 

- 

 i qiKJIIIfcd. Coll Joo 

PA-18SUPERCUB 

W HOURS SMC«t V;iTH HEW FAC- 
T O RY 
CYLINDERS. 
FUSELAGE 

COVERED SLITS POLLFinCn -ID, 
V/IIIGS AMD TAIL ASSEMBLY -J2 
1(o DAW.AOE OR AO HISTORY. 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
7» Slevei 
BliNS 

CESSNA CITATION Jcl Tvpl Ka\- 
JlOl Olvcn ol FLIGHT PROFICIEM- 
C», V. A. Approved P.O. Doi »IO, 
OOIIo1^T«>1o1,JI5!<». _|JH) Xl-mi 

FLY A STEARMAHi 

Jr.r.o ni JIO. rnlro*jctory Asroballc 

CITADRIA if*;. 7KCAD 

Antique Cart 

'« Mercury 
•Ilir SfMSlo 

IIK'i^nJaF. fiVfJl!? cona" 
»' YOU tf^ N .T 
BUY A USOD 

MCriC.YiJu Car?l Du/ Anywhirtl 

VIE FIIIANCC! 
.... 
AI.»MO MOTORS 
___ jtoi rBi;oBicK>nuno BD. 
H» r«rd'Rrtr«Kiotir«," lull Mw«r,.- a'l. J«»l!<nt <orMjrion)lMIU 
'i 

Hi«*room ctlqtno! c«v 
I'««, ixrtlii, nlr ihocki, 

. 
. 

SfTUOBB-AKEWS 
« Ore* TuflMM Hmk, 5] corn- vTf«-pw&P.B 
JMLM^1'" •* 
•fJTB 

1936 Ford 

NORTH LOOP 
VOLKSWAGEN 

 at Wonderland 

4U3 Frtd.rl.kiburg Rd.' 
' 
' 
" 

732-712 

1971 MGB 

1971 BMW 

1973VW-KG 

19721UV 

MANY OIHERS TO 

CHOOSE FROM 

See These 
Economy 

Buys 

'71 Ford 11o wagon, air, I oulomallc 
.., $1995 

'73 VW Super B.ills, clr, I tadio 
$2(951 

72 VW Fallback, air, aulo 

$2795! 

'71 VW Van, exlra sharp 

$2395 | 

'73 Mazda rotary «ngin«v olr 
• 
$2795 I 

'72 VW Bus, oir'... $3295 
'72 VW Super Bsollt, good I value 
' 
$2495 I 

'73 VW-412, auto, air, low F mileage 
$3795 

'22 VW Fallback, bright oronge, air 
$2595 I 

'72 Dalsun, standard trans, I osteal 
$2195 

DICK 

CONINE 
Volkswagen, Inc. 

Wo Buy Died Cars 
33o3 Broadway 

824-7311 

Fmlf • Con 

•68 VW. new tlr«t compete ovcr- fiavT, fantaillc conaition. ft.tto cr fcett oFltr. call alttr (, 

 tat orfcr; 
7*-im- 

AUTO-HAXIS VOLKSWAGEN 

13oo S.E. Mllllary OHn 

Clank 2 seof> W AMX, ^crlok No. 
1X365. 39o er&nt, oew Davtana Sport 
7o Tlfcif excellent cond.non. 6o,ooo miles. *15M Cosh. Coil Mr. Brett- both 92>63t5 or A94-3662. _ _^ ^ r^ 
4» VW Fallback. -Aulomollc. Rcdlal 

 rwarronly. I-3TT-7o57 olkf 6 and oil tiay weeicgiKh. 
•7J Malda RX7, ClEXm, 15AOO mllci. 
4 sp«ed, loaded. Call after 5, 34?- 

•M VW Bug, only 33.ooo mlle», extra clean, tflS. Call y U.OOOCT 
«Vii^;i. 

DREYER TOYOTA 
» PftdtrlQjbUfo Rd. 71444)3 

 price, U MPO. 

M?o, '71 DolMjn AID. 4 door se. 

 tion, air conditioned. AM-FM* 
S7W, Qfltr 7, <n-7»7. 
•II VOLVO H!5. Air conditio 
}onxillc, new paint, rodlab. 67 
Alter 5: 4U-4o&I 

Classic Jag 

XK-UO Jocirar CPE Coipjilettt/ re- sloreS. This cor «h)pi troHIc. K,MO. 
Call aMc' a PM S21-U?!. 

VW4235o 

Volvo 73. power iftering. air, fuH atcrco, 6OO LTVU«. ^*5oQ. 43S-?M«. 
1769 AuiHn American, low 

«» 
Karmcnn Ohio. Afr 

 new tnglnt. <11SO. ' 

1V69 Yolks $895 

S*nr.!-<iulomo) kr. 
'7J VW, oir, nxHo, 
'« Javelin, «Mg 

4M-o7M, «7M4oi 

'7o VW Qua. A1rr s)erc«< ra*'o, heal- er WMttwoil iirci. Cxcelkat .cond>< tlo n. tltOO 413-MM. 

X-ipe«tf,.l<w ml- 
'71 DATSUH 2-do=r, X-ip«tf,.lw 
<ta«- Extra rice, only 515*5. 
S.W. Ml 11 la ry 9J7'5g]6 

V2 TOYOTA LAND CRUISER 

X'tcnl cofxJ. 29.CTO ml. a>r, new tires. Wrnch, 4-wticel *. »MSO, firm. 

'5> Komven QlitOi no nwtnr, oJhcr body pot-.* milling, i!W. »t-7d7X 
•*4 VW. ««di mlfKr cepalr." ODM run. VM. 7i5-7«ff. 

S 

 ood QO> nilleatjp. WADA 
135o, lor yoy $12«. Will demon- 

 slrolfr in San A n t o n i o . 24?-?tf£ 
Boefnc otter 6 wccXdayb or week' 

1171 Tftyota Mo4k M 
Bill oT the lino. 2-door hardtop. 4- speed. Buckvt seaU, iocfory o!r. Vi- nyl top. AM-rM radio. . 3UQO 

 im VW SUPER ££CTUEr or, ro- dto, tn excdleni condllron, 41/175. 
AS3-1S67. 

Like new* weekends or aMer S: 653' 
7M1 

1971 
Jo^uor, ^12, VI?. 

 tSW., ^*l-^_ 

 rVWFastback$]695 

, HI Performance 3W, sterfo 

AM-FiM, COOnO m'ki. Best 
1 offer over 

JJOOO. inferciled porlics o.iiy cai collet 1-&IM95o. 

SAVEONOAS! 

•73 FIAT 65o Spydtr 
•7} CORVETTE Coupe, olr 
3-124 FIAT SPYDERS 
•6i SUNBEAM Tlgor 
. 

KOBINSON'S Sporls Cars 

•343 Proodvygy 
Cfl-l«9 

 ir '11 MERCEDES OEHZ i .. 

3» SEC <.5. 4 door. Icotncr Interior clr, nil power,-A/n-rM sic r co 
ISmpo EKHIert condlllm. A ' h.«ur» car. 731-38o1, t In 5. 

BY OWNER 

•)l TOYOTA Pickup, ol/, radio a.-.d tiealcr. Hew ooTnl, n.WO mllu 
Very economlrol. time vvojhh^ne 
11995, at-ISn or o37-4411. ir7o ffU «>*rtchl. CFoan, AM-FM new ileel rodtals, e-j, J34-7o51. 

OPEL Kadltlf. Dronxe bcauly 

EliCCII. cond. M MPG IM-C31. 

OPENIKO SPHCIAX 
VW Overhaul 
' 
Jltt..5 

VW TUMUPI 
IM. 
MINI CAR SERVICE CENTER 

]41r FrlDerlckljHirB. Ad. 

7IHH1 

'69 TRIUMPH GT6 

Reol nice. JH15. Ownr iM orcreircy, Tii-im oinr I. 

 ala cTTcer. SroooV>rd. o'rf 2 
71 Tevala cTTcer. Sr moa. '"M. Mo-tMI. 

 i"5™"5"5* 
5 TOYOTAS i 
| "FREE"* 

2 
AM-FH STEREO RADIO 

 fi AND 8-TRACK TAPE DECK fi(VnihrvTcl-.aitcrKl3-jkiAM 
KIOJO. 

K 
WlthanyTOrOTA 

^ 
Purchoicd Before 

S 

April 2o,1971 . 

LARSE5ELCCTIONFOR 

S . IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 
|. TOYOTA 
SOFSEGUIN 

, ei 

JDia! Toll Free 224-m3'2 
J iolei tptn (lining I.I 9 P.M. 'fi 

As easy ori youi budget as it is on your eyes. 
&•& 
KOD IK-., 
AVMABIE'/ 

3111 BROADWAY 

828-5511 

'68 TOYOTA 

It, e»lo., lot 
1:! i htole', 

''$Tl66 
NORTH CENTRAL 

FORD 

9BC-OSSNFIDBO 

3(1-5571 

—2o ClfAN US£D— 

.. VOlKSWAGEHSINSrOCK 

IMPORF MOTOR CO. 

7114 IAN PEDRO 
824-96?! 

KGIKUC KhT.lS 

 lltl H UFA 

"KOOMHi'.DUSMflS ' 

"FOR 
SALF5 t. SFRVICE" 
: 

AI.AMO SPOUTS <:.\KS 
31 1 1 lltnai!..*) 
H^K-.'triir 

•rTrW* 

AUDI 

74 AMERICAN MOTORS SPORT-ABOUT 

 auUrrvalle, alt, power »H«ilng 
$<>ac 

71 PQDGiSWINGtR^^- 
'2195 
,, »2«95 

'2575 

72 TOYOTA CEJLICA« -«p«-f .<"• 
.73 VEGA 
. 
' halcM>a<k. outomolie, olr 

73 AUDI lM«'»*«^"l'«"*''oniii«, 
73 AUDI 1 oo G I «fefcp 
$$$$ 

72 VW 411 WAGON V^r'ad'°""" '2875 
7V FORD PINTO RUN-A-BOUT 
,"" 

' 
*'»E«»J. qfr ;f"iijlUnlng,'AM.«»Ji«. nh. cor 
$$?$ 

'69 VW 9-PASSENGER KOMBI BUS 11M 

AM,FM,»hil. 
'1995 

NQRTHWOOD PORSCHE-AUDI, INC. 

LOOP 41o EXIT AT NAEC56OCHES RD 
____ 
824-3214 

VOLKSWAGEN 

No better car... 

No better place to buy it. 

*7O UUf 5»p.r. Seelh-AulomaCc. oi, tomSli 
/O V Wf ing, AM »otf«>. leoAeiclle leau 

'71 \IUJ Fallback—AM Radio, leatKerelle lea 
// VW 
»lll nadir loEloer warranty 

73 VEGA GT ^^^--± 
'"T! t f HI bvptt B*ell«—ait eond'iion-rg, intTK 
' / I 
V Yf ]«oth«rellB itari. wrvlc wa'l bici 

71 MAZDA.SS^^ 

S2995 
S2695 
S2895 
M995 
M995 

$2295 

Bank Financfng • 
V.W. Insurance 

Loop 41o Exit at Nacogdochcs Road, near the Airport 

828-12o1 

1974 

TOYOTAS 

Now available far Immediate Delivery 
* COROLLAS * CORONAS * MARK 
IPS * CELICAS (STAND GT) AND LAND 

CRUISERS— 

COMPUTE BANK FINANCING AND INSURANCE AVAILABLE. 

ALL WITHIN ONE DA Y 

GOOD SELECTION TO CHOOSE FROM 

TOYOTA 

OF SAN ANTONIO Q9/I OAC1 
17o3 S.E. Military Drive T/^-Y** J I 

TOW. 
VOLVO W3—4~d"oor '"'I-H," foclory oir, power slevrliiQ. mitarmlk. 5ooo aclual miles. In r.cw cor worronty. 

-1971 Mercedes * 

3oo SEL 3.5, 4 rioor scdon, 4 s<xed, 

' 

XKE Roodiler, excellent condition 

 reatonobtc priced. Can be $e*n 

V BPM onyUay o! 3167 E- 5o! - 

CnriM. 
'73 1M Volvo, by owner. o.o., AM- 
PM—tope, 
1oo rool, 5?,i^o firm. 
•IOJ.C1K ntt*r t u VW Bvgf auto,'rodlo, c:«on, per 
•rt. 17M. •435-1A42. 

VW SUPER 

2JOZ. 3*,ooo mllei. AM-FM raS-'o. 
... ipd.i a l rt very clean. »,295. 
U1-o1H. 
VOLVO 1WEO, 1973 • doric g/wn, oil oplloni. Woffonl,'. 1615o. JJi-XW*. 

HOLIDAY SPORTS 
CARS 

SALES «. SERVICE 

17o5 
BrocJwoy 
«t?53] 

Leon a Niw, L<ad<d T.jotn Celleo tor U7.6I a monln, on approved c" ' 'ALAMO TOYOTA, INC. um« 

•71 Coprl, low mireooe, cloon ond txtov fr.a eoo< »1,J«. <7«J«. 

SAVE ON GAS!! 

•7* VEOA OT WAGON 
'71 MO MIDGET {Oraftgo) 
'It TRIUMII Snlllh-r, oretn 
•71 TRIUMPH 6pllllre, green 
«-'7« oret, oTiWi nOBINSON'S Sport Curs 

 reclo ild,__tiCOO. A_rtynrn>j_. 

•TrM(CSbA RX-3 

Coupe, very nk» *3W, 

JTAHMAHH TRAILER WLC5 
(UID-ijW. ««m <f DMrrW 
PI J Box If? 
O) 24f W5 
_ 
OPEN tUHDAY M P.M. 

'41 i*i»| 'iMMi, fiw* OooaTifl MPO, jjj.llfi all«r> 5 ftrnTftUMll*, 4-Haor wdoo, 1 iW 

""• •""•^MvaK 

^Tei«»» on. 

 fiyOwnorl974VWBus l.«adtd undir I.OOQ rnlln. Savi 
». AS Wi1" 

 t»nWiftrTl7Til«« 

_ _ W// ooad corxllllon, relwlll en 
C|no. J9QO. 6S1-/o3o. 

(A JAGUAR X~KE CoTWCrtferO 

Lcokf and! luni "chirry" 
!]• tall alltr Spm. >Tt-"i<O. 

Pa, ouioi j rioor air* radio, *?KX>. 

 ik far nitl. 

, vlAyl lap. 
J; ib-1191, 

•i vui.naivnuurf> ^OrnplcUly Over- hauled, 1Xo. Leavlna-iiUftt nill iJ4 
4QO&. r/fl Piu^eril Wapjioi S rnl^l fitr ooilofi, rod'ali, no A.C, iix»- 4?4- 

'« CC/SVDTTe iTmBRAY 
[ 

<-»M«d jfc- LC«Jd«) 

SfAMMAHH THAILOR SXLG? 
IN 1o-1 iVI. lJ(Xth of Potini 

RI 2 Box I?/ 
(1) Ht JUS 

OPEN SUNDAYJ-^P.M. 

'ifT/w, fa'dTaf»7*ooo3 condfirwi, Ifoo, 

Alta L'~ltMn44 3]»fS7I 3:i 

VOLKSWAGEN 

No better car 

No better place to buy it. 

Rod's SEMI-ANNUAL 
DEMONSTRATOR SALE 

2o Cars to Choose From 

I* BUGS • SUPER BEETLE o WAGONS 
|o BUSES • SEDANS and DASHERS 

SAVE-SAVE-SAVE 

I 14o2 N.E. Loop 41o—By In.'I Airport.828-12o1 

'69 VWSq. Back Wagon air, oufo. Perfect cond. *I3W. 6S5- 

61 OPEL KADETTE Waacn, c».» nolle, air conditioner, IUWOM rack, 

 tc. Looks, ri/ni like new wS. UO. 
Qfm 5M. Mo. CETNE-S v\UTOS 7oo2 lowed Rtf. 73< S773 

Jf*S VW Van, nc<v tno>ne, brakes. clulcn/ beorJrvQS and axtes. 
C.x\ro 

Wo (I re i. Good txxl/' ntcdi paint 
«?J or belt offer. 

Mercedei 56o5E, J.5, oil 

 new <o.-xlliron, 349-1M5 doy*._ 
Ifh P6TJCJ 
UMOJirm 
^^ 

IIW Splfllr*, verv~Tilce.~o''oeii~Vvlih block fcr>. Jnlerlop oml lonrxiu covcr( 

. 4 rmi. old, 3-12- 

VOLVO WAGON 

Very cleon. Lou 1>M-MOT_ 

VW o a la RIKI cood runr^rw coixJl- 
Ikin, UfO. Call Rick 69o8o97 Of J41- 
•U35. 
It; I VOI.KS.VAOON Suptr Diellc. 
EKcejlent coodiHonr radio, new tl/ei^ i.Vm.jiU:Uir 
L__ 

71 VW SUPER BEETLE 

Air, rad-'o, vrtirranty. P,iOi) rnll«J. 
"" SO*? oFler S and weeVerxIi. 

, 
^ 
_ 

VOLKSWAGEN, Good'trcnifwla- 

TOYOTA OP SAM ANTONIO 

17oA S.E. MSIIIOfv Dr, 
_ 
_ 

Mission "CITY M"Azi5/<" 
JU S. Flarci 

:etHJlll «Ho'"«;o*V-':l ttC 

. flM-FM, new fXJUI. 
J, 

.... ... _, - o r*li a fk ."c »e«l icoP< 
*iion. n MPO. 
I73-7I7A after 

;o^arV<M~fllj7'"niV,'~MTv"trreV. 
?5."."?U;.'(?!^1™11 V!-^?'1 ^'^M ' ' 
Tfl VW* ru'rii virv "oJOtf, ttoT' i_a*er. llri;i 4JJ-tilt titter i 

Coll Pofr IJ4-7J1I 

"V3"VW flUG"" 

Mus_l trill r«"ellen1 rondlllrn, 

"n"U tin landor."! T "Col l~Tlil 

FORT-BIRDLOVffhoNLYI 
Ueai <lonk '66 T-BIU 

W, . Ballad. a?8-?SSl 

?i9 VW Vo.-i, rod o, A.C., 11355, 

 i97] Volvo U2S. Aulo< air, , 
Evertingi gticr 6ptn, W-72JI. 

7< DATSUN ' 
IMS. l<U>-7Qf4. 

<ari—For Sale 

 or Trado 

Ambasiador SST, Hardtop, VI. 

_ 
. Aulo, Air, Vinyl loi>, oood con 

 d lion tjUQ3W. 

 lf73-74 Can lor io<«J 

 iy__ _ Corner Alrpari 4_H_oTf«. 

1HO Audi IDOLS; 33.ooo nillei; 

 verv clK> 
" 

•15oo SAN PEDRO 

7H-4MI _ __ 

OUICK ELKCTRA COU>E 

 better mlleoflu Uioo my wKc'i 

 t cor, il*W), 73^-7;jr, WSJ-J1-O. 
.. Quick Rlvltro, fully loortcd. N«w llrei, 3.MWO nit. Exc, cor.tt. Da*,, 

^^UUJLJgj'JpOy. ol'er *. 

19JJ DukK Centuiy Stollon WOTO.-I, snwll vi. 7.2.ooo nUle», clMn. As- sume Daymen Fl. " 

 tiles. ?JV73;5 

'« Dultk Speclol Cpfl. Loodcd, very dean. 737-3M1 rtoys. 

;*X""FthiTMI "mofeTfJ 

__ __tfi repair, 13oo. ^l! 

V»;i""Bufek LtSo&r*, "or "W7&* 

•'o J -M A L L nUICKr fllf, , nKtgi, LIIOW tofi-i valui, Only i7oo. 

Ouick, 6S)-f<47. JJC 
IW. mo. OoJd co: 

 riT"~cKivil and Air. 

 te. paynienli fi. call alter 

-« out<vi»ilic. 
MM, 531 i 

DEPENDABLE 
USED CARS 

'*7O Dado* ChQLU/.gir Ha/dr«p. fowir, olr, all So£.nc 
' * •mat. Rial iliaip 
^OV3 

/7O Fl/moulh Solillit* cuitom 4-doir. Pow«r, ah, Sonnr 
. ' ° orf tilrai, vinyl I Ml, fatFary wancnly 
ZT7 J 

17o Crvaifltr ho/dloc. AW tilrai, powtr, oU, vinyl $r> JLO r 

* *• ro«f. e«lro ikon 
- 
^COVO 

/iO DODOt 44o 4-rJa«r. Powir, air, all •xlrat. 

O*J Riul nk» 
, 
, 

1 '65 6-cyttndti. Cl«i?"!....'.,*!!!»....'. ""..!!!.*."*f' 

Serf., April 13, 1974 Wont AcU 
S»v>n»h l»og« 

CHI—for Set*' 
•rliot* 
DRC 

C«n—r*r *•»* 
•r TrW* 

 l^-jr 
DODGE Cor 
OO rnollc, Pow 

 ntt 4-daoi. ftadTo, hcel 
Hieilng, Cllcm 

PON1IAC l«Mani coup*, fawti. air, art •* l. «<al Good ......... ... .................... '. .......... 

5 595 s 75o 
M495 
5 75o 
5 795 

PLYMOUTH ruiy IB A-door. Allxlroi, poyvir, • __,.-. air. Speilol 
:....-.... 
*275o 

'72 5Pn;,^o^;fert'.u.','.°.m..<:.d.r.>:..':w.o.::..''.!:' --255o 

'•/•»..' OlOS Delia tulloH] llordlop »don. Pov.tr. <„ , 
' 
71 air, on, cv/ner. Clean 
*215o 

'71 VEDA «oupf.«»*o, htaMr. aiiUmolk, oil. so , „ E 
/i OiiflVinl ond cletm 
2195 

'73 OLDS 
Cullo*» 
5 
Coupe. 
Ah •xliol, 
' pow«r, vinyl .«»(, 3SO «njin., <« Irim 5T.cn ptxlcago. lilt* ntw 
*J 1 !>O 

,-.„ PLYMOUTH Vvogin.-J leoli. power, oil. all ,_...-.. I 
1 72 
.xlrai. Clean...' 
...* 
! 
*2775 ' 

/7Q 
DARI Spoil coupe. Power, air, all liliat, <ac- 

/ »J lory warranly 
.•- 

,-jn 
MAVERICK 4-dber. Ml exliai, pow 
/.5 new firei. E«t,o dean 

PLYMOUTH Duller Spoil Coupe. All 
^i^.4.™^:.^'"'™^:.' *325o i 

SOMETHING HAD TO GIVE 
^^^^~^^^^^=^ 

 n,,P 1o me Tremendous Accept- tceOt The 1974 ChrysUrs and 

UPlvmouths 
—• 
ALL PRICES 

/ i 

S2995 
5295o ' 

'73 
'72 

CH8YSIEB Newpeil Cuitom 4.deor, powei. 
'inyir»i. Eiiio tunn";/....;..:.:.::.'...:.:.::;:1 $255o 

'72 K.^^W'^..™*'-.'?'"- '265o I 
'67 r,X£°£". SioU!1:.^!:.'.:..''^.'.'..".".'...o." ' 995 
,-j~ 
DODGE Polaia Wogon. 3.i«a1t, power, air ««„,.- l 

72 luggage ,o,k. Woi $3395 
S285o' 

M495< 

:'::• s 895 
135o* 

,,„ DAEI Swi 
69 malic, ail. 

 hardtop, radio, htfiltr, oulo- 

,, , FAIBLANE 5oo 4-door. Power, Air. aulci 

OO 2-lone 
'71 
,,„ CHIVSLES Hewpotl, t denr. 
, --,_ 
68 fowe,, air. all .?,« 
S 
895 

 i-7f\ 
FLYMOUIH Fuiy 4 doer. 
/U Pov.er. olr, all e.lioi. Now r^n DODGE W-lon Pickup. Aulomalic, air, ei- -, *-.,. 
69 cylinder I. wide long fjErf. Now 
51295, 

 i~j» 
DODGE ft ton Pickup, aulomatic, re 
71 . wide kng bed, oil, tlean ilf* 
FORD H Ion pkkup. Rod-o, Kealer, aulomal- «... _ _ _ 
7o k, air, wide lins bed. Clean 
S1 895 | 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 

 k113o BROADWAY IVS« . 
227-2283] 

UICK CENTURY t, 
' GEDARTIr.^ 
"I CHARGER! 

 iHRYSLER NEWPORT iifc-iw;;,-.,, 
-H FURY ss.r-s!:f Ait,,, 

AOPCD WMie b EJ'L-fi nuLK Aulo.Rid.-' h..-., ti 
NEWTORT W 
^jnyyUA Aulo. ri: 

TV 

*O. hiai«i. Air . jdM>. taner. a'l rU-diop. Buckelt 

:o-n POWW& A f 

_____ VY IHPALft tt?£8K 

'68 RAMBLER AMERICAN ST1 
'67 CHRYSLER NEW YORKER 

695 
695 

EVERY CAR CARRIES A "2-YEAR" GW WARRANTY 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

The Dealer That Tells It Like It U 

28oo BROADWAY 
^. 
822-3341 

VALUE RATED 

'72 OLDS Cutlass Supreme, 4 door hard- 

 top. V&, automatic, power 

 brakes & steering, air, a real nice fatally car 

'71 VEGA 
Cation Wagon, a real gas 
» fcVM 
Jawe.( 4 t||jnfjer( 4 jpeed, air conditioned, a steal at ............ 

'72 VEGA Hnfifcbntlc, agtomolft, air tondi- 

 lion, a real nut car ................. 

'72 NOVA 2 ^o" hflidlop, V8, automatic, 

 pswer iteering, oir ................ 

'7o OLOS <*ul'tm station wagon, 4 door, 

V8, aulomalic, power ilicriog & brakes, air 
................................ 

'72 OLDS VJita €roli«r, VI, aoJoraaiit, 

 power steering & breV«s, air .... 

GrandvUle, VI, aulomat- u power steeting & 

 biases, oil .................. ;... 

$OQQC 
ZO7D 

$1 QOC 
I gfj 

SI QOC 
I O7 J 

$oinr 
J I 7 J 

—BURKE SPECIAL - 

'68 FALCON STATION WAGON 
V8, aulomalic, power sluring, oir condilion. 

795 

SPRING CLEARANCE SALE 

OVER 2oo CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 

AIL MAKES AND MODELS—FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC 

 n-d air, 44.ooo mile>. 

'72 

MANY MORE 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

Burke 

 all about 

7BOAloith 
S.llf!. Morii 

Loop 41o,it Drn.Klwiiv P 

CAVENDER'S SPECIALS 

'73 
'71 
.'71 
'72 
'73 
'72 
'73 
'69 
73 
'72 
'72 
'7o 
'72 
.'72 
72 

CADIllAC Cow 
Clflat, kolflcc infrkr. SFC* 
SKYLARK cuilora toiteil.bV, Intlory olr. 

. 25.ooo «rj«i. kod.J vilh 
C*^ ............................... 

 po^er nnd 

OIPS 93 llilvry Jfdoo. Iwlcrr cil, o» powe-, ond c«' lioi, xrr,l.k>j,. wai SZ695. No* ...v ...... .. ..... ................ 
BUICK Cenli/r!cn Kard'up roupr. Inclory oir, nil power a-id cxliol, vinyl fop, ere ow.icr .................................. 

PONTIAC Gland Sc'nri waQcn, Fended wjlh e.riot 

CMiVROLtT h-pa4o taidlop coupe, ladory ai/ aR 

 power and e«lioi, 23.ooo re k* . ................... ...... ' ..... 
OLDS 98 LUXURY Holiday Sedan. Fncloi^ oir.'all power arj e&liai. vinyl fop. vilyl fnlerior, tpc^'ol ....... 
CHEVROLET l^paln cmon coupe, lucre,,, „,, all pos*er ond e«liai. vinyl rop. Special 
................. 

OLDS Cut'im Sipier.e covc-e. facing a*, nil power and eiirak. v nfl lop. tape trei^ 
............................ 

TORONADO iu%tor! cci.pff looded wlih -.r.m 

»i>yl rop. 23.ooo i-.:!n ..... ......................... . ....?. 
MERCURr MonVney- 4 door hoidiop. lacloiy a^i aH power and ex I roc. vnyl lop. ipeciol ............. 
OIDS 98 llolido, Cojpe. faaoiy oir all ,,o»e< ond e.lroi. unyl Top, ipefiol ............ ... 
BUICK Eletirn 2V5 eocpe, In.lo.y n r. nil 'pc_e,"«ii eilini, vi-iyl top ....: 
................ 

..OIDS .intono „»«, wane, lo.lo.y'ai.."^,' power and exlra*. CIVIK eprllol. vf.yl Ipp ................ .-...' 
OiDS Dell.i Royale 4 door, Intlcry nir, all rvonrr nrvl e-.l.oi. ipei-al, »aiS269Vrow ................................... 

S5695 
J2295 
12295 
S2695 
S3995' 
12695 
'3895 
M495 
'3795 
'3695 
'2495 
'1995 
'3295 
'3195 
S2295. 

Cavender Oldsmobile Co. lOdl Broadway • CA6-7357 • CA6-8772 

"Confidence is Cavender" 

 i Celling your car? $ dollar for clean car* or tnicki. 
Call jy^LJ^ILjo_rrrtJjy.__ 

JACK HfEOGR 
CHRYSLER>I>LY/.V 
OUTII 

RIATA CADILLC 

317 Ltxlnnl-ofl 

Mi-7231 

IPiS» Cad-Mac 4 door itdon Dcvllle. 
Yellow, f)1;Kl; vinyl tap. Mew jltrl radlat tlrei, motor tn e*ccllc.it con- dition. AH pawtr equipment. $!3iO 
Coll m-Mt. 

CADrUAC 

'. BEAUTY * 
Snofii cour*, vi 

 roof, air, power, door »Nll el ituli. >lWSj_WI »*»__ 

' lfanlloi>r Uko new. i CHkYSLRR NEW YORKER 
' 2 door Iwrtltop, ! 
I twcxiE wo.'MC 

? door hardloji. All extroi 

I CHRYSLER TO\VM t. COUNT 

Stolen WOQOA, real nko, 
ALSO: l-O^vn*r Trexie Ini 

' STATION WAOOri 
^ HL'AL BARGAINS 4- 

* ON ALL TMC5E C.M1S -fr 

OEOROU TERRCLU 
3<TP4 

'il Cadillac Convertible, A-l condi lion, J4MW4 

I'Sell'll T«?o Chevy Suixubdi rv-oll. 19?1 ln>po!a, 1WI C(«vi 
Icn, IP/} 
Cr.CWV 
Pickup wr.ll 

 per. 93.HM8 or o3l-»19 

*'71 CHARGER CPE 
Fully CTu'rpcdi green, while roof, tmn^neulole. t J ITS. 731 -tlK^ 

"WCADILLAC QROUGirAM" 

 i9arClKvroieT"VvaQonrnrlotnaVew 

-i(i~O>cvv Hfinvnd"Runi. Aifctng 

1 WJ~CtwyiIer~~KVw~ YOTk*f7"o'ro am 2 doer, origirvol ov,i\cr H mile*, ileel b/Iff<l nxtM>, loodfd, $ monthi old, 3H313L 73^' 
•ll'cTiEVY impo'c* 7:rtoo 

 ifnfrtfw^urTiTuaj~"c<»rI take ol 

 i Chorncr, shnrp, ]B1, nulo, o'r, 

 pov.fr. i'~J° !!3°lri?]?- J3y.*i?i 

^IL15^ ™* for_51iL 
Cadillac", XT'low rniTcow, "jnmio 

~ 
'•7o""CAblU>C"EL~OORA6d" 
* IIKT: NHW A- 

STAIIMANN TRAILED 3ALtS 
IH 1o-3 M, North of ntxrno 

 ft! 7 Hex 1?' 
(D 749-9U4 

OPEN 1-6 P.M. SUNDAY 

DATSUN pKbup, 3,ooo m-letr 
Vipeed, ihowoom tondilisn 

MAVERICK cii/pe, oulemaiic 
*V»plionally cUon. #2994 

TOYOTA C«lita ST Coupe, leaded, vinyl roof. 
Showroom <ontli|ionj S.OOO fnJti. f 294? .... 

CHEVROLET »&mad Wagon, power one! aii, 28.ooo mU». |«?6 

MAVERICK Orohbet Coup*, loaded, power and air, V-8. I39R2 

VEGA HalcKbatV, aulomotk and air tondlriorxerf. (12954 

TORINO 4-de*cr. power ond aCr. immaculate t«nrfirien, 26.OOO mil**. #297* 

DART Swingtr Coupe, power and cir and vinyl "?P- 28,ooo mJ*t. »2977 
OIDS VnFa CruL.r Wagon, loaded. powei and oU. ^2438 
MONTE CARLO Landau, loaded, power and aw. o255o 
CORVETTE Covpe, 4-1 peed. 
India. |2673 

VOLKSWAGEN Beetle, 4-ipccd, 

VEGA Wagon, aulomalic. radio. <m tendiMonad", *»<«llent condition. 12854 

1MPAI.A vi.cTacr Ha<dfep. locd*d, powti and oh, 27,ooo milei. J2864 
(MPAIA Cvtlom Coufn. leacftd, pow«r ond air, vfnyl roof. #2895 

COMET Coupe, toadcd. power and ai*, V-8, vinyl toof. J291I 
BUICK Skyfailc GS coupe. 4-ip«id, toarfed, pa^w, ait, now radial fit** Immacutale. 12917 

'3195 
'2195 
'3895 
'2395 
'2595 
'2895 
'1795 
'$2795 

'3695 
'5595 
'1995 
'2495 
'2195 
'2995 
'2195 
'2195 

IT»,B, 

Loop 41o at San Pedro 

341-3314 

CHEVROLET 

15o5 S.W. Military Dr. 

923-7561 

The Dealer for You ... 
Tour Children and Their Children. Tool 

o 

o^o 
o 
o 
o 

7TH ANNIVERSARY GOOD BUYS 

FROM THE GOOD GUYS 

'7t HAPRI •< mad rxllo. 
I «* wnrni bjt^el 3«als. |Q27oA 
'7fl UfU Un 144 S. ndo. 4-door. 
I U lULlU i ipeid. |2io5*\. 
73 PLYMOUTH ^^fe:'...^- . 
73 INTERNATIONAL sSisspaLSSf^' 
73 FORD K1??^ 
72 DODGE £?l^;1? 
74 DART fssff-nt 
'69 DODGE SSifM 
71 AMBASSADOR 
73 DODGE Wi«Ss 
72 

7o 

. $295o 
. 4495 

. '2995 
. '2995 
. '2595 
. '2o65 

. '3595 
'1o95 
'1585 rr.rv±.^*^^^^^ 

'7? PIVUnilTU Sr«lhl( Sttwina. V-B. Mtomihc. rid^,. h.»t«r, f 
• *• rLIITlinj IllitiiiKirj. tmtkd oli«, bki« wuh »mh- 

- V-B, •ulomtomn-c. i 

 lop. 

 hnnr. powir tt*«nna ficti 

PLYMOUTH^"rS-jKhU'Sfi -tf^'tri^^^r.T.11:."£.'."v.."- '2677 

^"^•M.6:-l-.'-^«218o 

CMrrjai St. V-8. iu,u in. tuilwl g'sj-i. oold t 

o 
o 

 o 

o 

o 

 o 

DISCOVER AMERICA IN A... 
~ 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

7242 SAN PEDRO 
* 
341.2257 

Chevy 
'67 ImpoJo 
SS- p 

 disc braVet Jil-BSXt, 73-^ 4 

,|Cad 1'oc 
-12 t=i 
Dorado, fully 

I c q u l p p c d , 1 owr.er, low mileaoc. 

1971 
C a d 1 1 l a c Coupo Ocvllte, o'r 
AM-TM slereo, full po-Acr, kalher 
•"•;t, e_«*l_'tr\t, 131oo 6S3OT12. 

**7 "CAMARO 

V* _»!» 
*S]^M1 

HUNNtN1 RFPOS 
11oo. CASH EACH 

V ClinW; 'M Pcmioc, '45 Cod))-, lac; 
'el CodlllQc; 
'6J Llrxo^i; 'M 

Couccir WJi. 'M Muilnna M7S. '£°: 

 j Cadillac Cei>p* 
DcVjTre* J9~ooo 

 ml. D«H?c tea1h*r Interior. Rrxl^ali, 
' —M Cj Tron if e! rtd j1*^'. •i^-^W- 

I Cadillac. Lootied, IOAT mlltaM, 

. _6llfnt yellow black- ulnvi rool. 
W95. See ot MjAli Slallon. fJE Loop 

197o CADCuLAC 

* 'it CHEVY 4-door, air, Dft Onl/ 
MSO. Cmh. PE14M4. _^ 
^ 

'CADiLLA'd~"S«ion, L^e- r7t,y 
'AO CADIL 

_ *!wf 

1969 
CADILLAC 

Someb^y homo all 

57 Chevy ^ door, tiurdla,T. (*6&-)}; 
Wiginf1] 3 ificctt, srorrJord frcnimih i'on on HOOT. Man y,licfl%, vrhJ!«v,-a I llrei. 511-715? 8-S, Wl-DW evcnhioi 

 vj'CHEVY" wr/iLA 

Cuvloni covpe, Irjorfed 1HK. 

IH-IIX 3 Ml. North nl UoVrnr- 

Kt 1 Hox U; 
MJJ.rtr.lWJ 

_ OPEN SUNDAY 1-JjVM. 

71 Ci CamarOi b'wo wil^v^yl iof^, mr, ^tnco, nuloinallc, o*cflKrit coo- 

BROWN CHEVROLET 

•*l" ChViry7^odn7ort*|po7|al lohTl Jljf, 

 p]IOHG~YOURTWANr~AO-; 

\Co5 Chov. G»l-Alr X(fr, a C r S. h 211 
V-a ogf», V«rv ckoa car. |7?5. win tafco trotfc, will (>nanc«. W^l^. 

 mi la imoll vl, 

 hronw r 
, 

 rtosvn, 1S5. MO- CUM;'i 

 milfj, day*^ 

S L E R Nlwporl. 55.ooo 
. e/4-1855, AMer 5 wert- 

CAMARO 6 l f 
.jfjgyji,; 
\C*5 Chev. o»l-Alr 

AUTOS ;_ 

 r DG VILLH. Whllo, Hoi 

'H CgdlMDC~Fi*«K»OCOr,~o7iaiMl^ Bali 

STc. cTrtTT T rTc "setfarT Oi7i ire7"o oo3 
-—^gr31-^ 

AUTO'S'AltiS NO. 1 

_orc« siiKtian - w« F:iwnc«. loo* 
Powtr TroPl VAlrronW, 
~" S.W. MlimMY 
M1JK! 

School Gets Learnin' Machine 

A VW "bug" became a necessary purl of (he in workum with tin- uisu 

 drivers education program In Hie Harlundalc M,l")ri' wiu 
B". lnhl llu 

Independent School District this past \vcek. u'">!'r'")m-s wuh ° film 

To facilitate the training of 

 student drivers. Joo Moore, general sales malinger of An- to-Haus Volkswagen, Inc., presented a 1974 VolkswuBon to 
Jesus II. Solo, director or 

 drivers cilu«itiun for Itir dis- trict. 

{ilonn Taylnr, VW Smilli 

Central dislricl .sales MUIIKIKIT was presi'iit lor the short 

"Tliis (jives them an iipimr- liinily In ask Itic qiu'stinns llu'.v wouldn't wnliuarily lake (luv lime to come into Auto-llnus In ask," coiiliueiiled MIHIIT. 

Auto Energy Check Offered 

A consumer program 

 developed to help drivers check cars for maximum engine ef- ficiency and gasoline economy has been announced by Charles 
Orsmf-er, president of Orsinner 
Hoick Co. 

It is part of a national cam-, 

 paifjn with the . potential of savinfi . U.S. car owners 

"literally millions of gallons of 
Has this year." Orsincer said. 

The program tilled " Em-en}1 

Check USA," is beinn spon- sored by General .Motors Paris 
Division which serves (JM's five automobile divisions. 

AVTOMOTIVr, DISPLAY 

•.Must uf GM'.s 12,ooo dealers 

 are iiartieipatinj,' in the l-:ni'ij;y 
Check effort." Orsinjjer added. 
"If all ear owners would check 
Iheir'cars for economy and keep them properly tuned, they'd not only save a hit of Has for lliemsoKcs lint milln.iis of gallons would he saved fur .-1| of us." 

The dealer said thai his 

 company is not just pre-mmm;; the idea lull is si'ltim; lower prices im related MTV ices 
Ihonifjh May 31. 

The national Kneri,'y Clieck 

 prugruin will inelude .1 direct 

AUTOMOTIVI DilFlAT 

 mail imilatiim to over \'i million CM owners In have their cars checked. 

2o,ooo Could 

Be Saved 

Last year, if every motorist 

 in the U.S. had used the safely bells available to each person, as many as half of the 1o,11111) motor vehicle iK-ciipanls v\ho died would be alive today, and half of the four million injured would have been luirl less seriously, or not at all. 

AUTOUOIIVI DI1P1AT 

Harlandale Guts a Bug 

Students in the Harlandale Independent School District drivers education dosses are the on the receiving end of a 1974 Volkswagen "bug," donated by Aulo-Haus Volkswagon, Inc. Making the presentation are, left, 
Glenn Taylor, district sales manager, Volkswagon South Central and Joe 
Moore, general sales manager, Auto-Haus. Representing McCollum Senior 
Hicjh are 
Alissa Scales and Danny Runingar. Jesus H. Solo, right, is 

 director of drivers education for the Harlandale , district. 

AUrOMOTIVt DJiPtAY 
AUIOMOriVE CHir-LAY 

POBB 8-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

__ Solutday, April ^3,J974^ 

Drivers' Course 
Full of Interest 

Continued from I'agr HC 

 iirra tliut onliniuily is passive until such time Hie .student considers lii'ctnninK a car o\\ Her. 

Adaius, assisted by KCUL* 

(\isar(!s, has met with over 
•J.Ofll) students since January in a number uf school districts. 
His Koal is to reach 1o,ooo students. 

 llc> plans to hniadon Hit' scope 

 of his presentation to fulfill needs of a wnrkini; relationsliip uetwi'i'ii a scliuul district and dealer. 

Adams explained Ilial with 

 the number uf stnilcnts par- ticipating in drivers ed and consumers ed programs, mnre dealers anil qualified au- tumnbile businessmen can make a significant coiilrilinlion that is meaningful fur the slndcut, liotb as a potential 

 riAT 

Jrlver und pnU'iilliil coiisnmer. 

Next \Vrekcnilrr: "More. 

About JP»." 
'Attend School 
Two sons of a lucal Cllicvi oli'l 

 di'aler have recently sirailualcd from the BOtli session uf the 
Clicvroh'l Dealers Sons School in Detroit. 

Leonard T. Hi'tison and liob 

Henson. liolli vice-presidents of 
Tom Dcnson Chevrnlel, were amraiH the VI altendinj; the five week course held at the 
Chevrulet School of Mcrcliaii- ilisinj; anil MiiiMiji'im'iU. 

The cuiirsi- cnnccnlralcil on 

[lie fundamentals of opcralin;; nil efficient and modern au- tomotive dealership. 

Included in the faculty were 

Chevrolet executives and lead- iny automotive mcichanilisim? experts. 

»UT«M6W! KiHUY 

[9iBj9ig-cars for Sale or Trado 
9!8-Cars tor Snle or TradcOlS-Cars for Sale or Trade f '""oTrtad^'* 

Cortf— For Sale 

 or Trade 

Cars—For Sale 

 or Trad* 

ENERGY CRISIS OVER 

$2o DEPOSIT HOLDS ANY CAR. 

WE PAY OFF THE BALANCE ON YOUR 
OLD CAR—ON THE SPOT FINANCING. 

2-SPECIALS OF THE WEEK *" 

I ' *7 1 
MAiOA KX-2, 4-tfeor i«dan, radis, htq1*r. air tarxjilicn, 
Sinnc 

1 
7 I 
4.|p«.d, 72,ooo mil*. 
1995 

I f-yn 
LUXURY LeMANS 4-dooi hardtop. low mJei, power irtrirno. powei biokti. trtorkr 
' 
72 foiloir oi'. ovl="' = l't. "inyllopiallr wheel,, rented 1o only 
2395 

'73 
Ik, vinyl hap. red, redutej lo 

CATAIINA 4-de«r. pewei ileeiing, aowef biak«». aulomar 
":nyl lop. 7.ooo truta. nt¥«r been legiile/ed. |.,l new $<a?5 
VENTURA 2-deoi ipotr <ouap, 1o.ooo milet, power treeing powei b<c faelory oif, Dulomark, lotoC l-owner 
...:.,. 

 aularr 

 idio, }• 

/-TO MAVEIICK <.d»l. aulomalk. 6-<,lindtr, tod.o. h.or 

/ 
4T. faclory oir. reduced ' 

73 
|uil liVe d to 

'7o 
/-TO GREMLIN X, ladki. Water, tra 
/ Z lutone patnl, fuggog* ratk. red 

'TO 
CMEVEUE Contour* wage/i, pow 

/ Z 
[pmalrt, 1«w mk'«t, r*dut*d la 
BONNEVIUE wagon, 
9 - , 

 inrfowj and seal, pow 

 oglemolk, fatlory oir, 1. 

 i. like n*w. roily wheeli. 

 er ireering. powei brakei, Toctoiy an, au- 

 biakel. iGlloiy 
, 
It f\ oir, pow«i uiinrfowj and seal, power dooi Jotk*, new premium (iiej. lug- 
OV gag* raiV, r*dui«J lo »«11 at 
..................................................................... 
'Tl GRAN VI UC 4-door haidlop. cowet Peering, pawer btaVei, Factory air. 

/ JL autamalic. vinT1 lap, 31.ooo mfl.i, i«dvt«d la . 

 l-rn 
72 

/-T -I 
/ I 

CA1ALLNA 7-doei hardlop powei ileering, pawei biakci, Faclciv au, aula- malU, vinyl lop, AM-TM ireTea, ro'Jy wK«U. redoted lo .. ......... .T. ..... . ........ 
OLDS Om«ga ipeil coupe, 1o.OOO nultt, ladio, ricorer. power ireeiing. power biakti. fatloiy oir. vinyl rap, l:ke new, Mil new S3B86 talc pike .... 
DATSUN Spot? <«upe, radio, healer, factory «», 4-ipeed. tuni & taoki kke 
IKW, roducaa* lo 
.................................................................. 
........................ 

VENTUVA 4-rfoor, pawar Upeiinq, power brakri. fatioiy aii, aulemaMr. vinyl lop. 12,ooo rmTti. leduted lo ..:. 
................................................. 
........ 

MAVEtICK tpoil coup«, 6'tv1incJ«r, aglamatic, power Meerinn. fatlaiy o\i, vinyl lop, 35,ooo mllei, leduced to 
............................................................. 

CMC ft -Ian pick-up, p tuner tl«*iing, power biaV.it, Fatlaiy aii, awlomalic, 
«<tell«rtt, werkTng «ondirton 
...................................................................... 

L«MANS 1-a*aer Ksidlop. powei ileei'mg, power biakei, agtomalic, Failaiy ofr, vinyl lop, 73.ooO rmfVt, r«cfuc*d fo ..: 

/ j- Q CHEVROLET Imp a Fa 4-d«K.r haidlop, nulumnlit. p^wei ileeiing. power 

• OV rxake*. fadcty air, vinyl Top, low milfi. price 1a *«1I ol ............ .................. 

4 

/TO 
LeMANS 4-<f»or hardlopi, all with power ileering. power truVet, aura. 

- / 2 molk, latlefy ail, all ha«e low milei. YOUR CHOICE .......................... 

** -ton pl<V-up, a ipecial ia!« on lKi» beouly al only 

$2895 
S2995 
S299S 
S2295 
52295 
S2395 
52295 
S2495 

M495 
52595 
51995 
S2995 
S1595 
52795 
S2595 
S2195 
S2295 
$1295 
52395 
5 895 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC-GMC 

39oo SAN PEDRO 
736-1565 

Jusf Right.'.' 
NEW 1 974 

PLYMOUTH SATELLITE 

Sebring 2-door 

Hardtop 

Includes: 318 
2-brll. V-8 engrno, oulo- matk trans- mission, powet steering, power front disc brakes, tinted gloss, AM-FM radio with rear speaker, light package, loll remote control racing mirror, whitowall tires, deluxe v/heel covers, all standard factory equipment. Slock #S4-119F 

TREMENDOUS SELECTION OF CARS IN STOCK AT COMPARABLE PRICES 

CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

58oo San Pedro 

732-821 1 

ATTENTION! 
MIUFAIYt CIVtl ill'flCI 
- 

 llnltorNeCrtrfiP. Bank 

No PrfrUim .Tati Up P«yniinli 

1 

 it Cfov/ Wttgon, Air, power, ocnf i«n f«nd». tat. tami, •o^r\». 

 tniCh«vv ImMta C«vp«. Sllti 
IHt p»nrl«< Grand rrlx. W3. 

Sttt >. FlKfll. 

'U CMrl o, air, outomallc, Insixc. tlon, 74 plain, clean o1 li. IMS. i^i'itu 
'« BflOoTr-I^ IflJfXCII&fttplOl*!, rum D««d, bill alfer. 4^-1152. 

(BARGAINS! 

DEAN & CO. 

VOTE'S car o r l a l n o L CArtr. 67 
Drxfa? C D i o n e I. oulo, air, pcwcr lletrlna. 31*oo oclual Mia. 
SSO, 

PHOIIE YOUR WAriT AO-^fli^lfcd 

RT. 
CKCCll on«r, I 

Oorfgi 
Oort, 
'C«, 
At,lomaMC, 

 clean, m li. UK inmi_atttr t 

MAIN is Lincoln-Mercury 

74 COMET o-Cylinder, while wall tifes, radio, tinted glass, deluxe wheel covers 

2ooo, 4-speed power fron! disc braVes, style steel wheels, stee belted'tires. Full instrumentation. 

TWO IOCATIONS...HOME OF THE COUGAR and PANTEKA 
11 23 N. MAIH 

225-65o1 

16o3 S.W. MILITARY OR 

923-77o1 

TAKE OVER PAYMENTS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 

MOST WITH POWIR AND AIR 

Part tat Us 
Balance 

 rr'ci';',,^ 
o,, 
o" 
11"""" 
8' 
13497 

'7o PINTO w«aon rjtOEntc. 
1o7CQ 
IJ Bf cond.t on,-.g 
^lOO 

17o FORD R«nn»r p.ckus long 

I J wide b«rl. loaded. Junhii^ JOQQQ 

'T*! GREMLIN X 
SO CO') 
I O L«*i Package 
. 
LJ?fc 

Parfiaf Listings 
Batance 

'73 VCOA El'Jt" W»gon ficiwv ^7596 

'TO PINTO Run About iv candi 11 QQ7 

J £. 1-orung. KVg new 
AJJi 

'7O VFGA Spc4t Coopff *uram*ie. 11QQ3 
1Z . r rorwi.^.-.g JOOO m 'BS 
193 J 

'79 DATSUN Pickup 
SOI C7 t £. >K<ron<t.iiQnna ilO/ 

'79 PLYMOUTH Scamp 2-door 

 f <U Midiop loaiti'l. v.nrl rottl. J97OC 

MOOOtx.g.iiJlrrri^ 
ZlOD 

Hemphill McCoinbs North Star 
73oo San Pedro (THIS LOCATION ONLY) 341-2586 

SPIRES BUICK 

SPRING SALE 
1974LeSABRE4DR. SEDAN 

LIST 
SALE 
PRICE 

(RADIO, WHITE WALL TIKES, AIR CONDITIONED, TINT-I 
|ED OlASS, ACCESSORY CROUP, WHEEL COVEOS. 
JPROIICTIVE SIDE MOLDING, 1 BARREL 35o ENGINE,) 
'TILT STEERING WHEEL, CHROME WINDOWS. REMOTE! 
I' 

STEERING WHEEL, CHROME WINDOWS, REMOTE! 

CONTROL MIRROR. j 

5o1 BROADWAY 

OPEN 
EVES. 
226-1361 

71 HORNET 

•rUCCrX. 4 6. <jW be: 

' NORTH CENTRAl 

FORD 

9IM SAN PEDRO 

3*1-5571 

DODOE Coronet, 4 door lo<Jdcd. 

 lor -75 ROADRUNNER, ifd. lllvi. 

- 

')! DOOOo Colt Wrucn, nulo.iwi^lc, off, jj mpg. 11,ooo nil. «)»- 651 
NJfl 
71 Dodge Challenger 

FnUf cqnlpMtf, 
Perlect c«n<l<Mcn 

Tatlwy olr, -u.COO milei, ye;iiv/r wr 
-.irv'.fc v.nvl InNrior. klj.\w, 
;? 
O/l. 1795 cr beil olfcr, Alk for 
R og f£.___ 

S riiuHU YUUK~W/VN"r~A 

OOOO-iAD MOIJ1 

V/E UNAlKi 

Qoidki^f Cf.dH IftlnB 

75 CARS TO CHOOSE FROM 

BRITTANY AUTO SALES 
1o Son Pedro 225-62o3 

72 

'68 reuaeot 

'«j, .r 

'69 'C"J pu 

1. on, fr, o i. rv-tt: 

/ / r CoJillur 

±d !» 

'7o ,.".iir 

5229S 

 io. otlo 
M595 s 795 on-uiK j . « _ _ 

I J7J 

 s 895 
S229S 

";;,„,< 
MI 95 

Brougtiton Motors 

21 3o Austin tlwj. 4SS-OJ4I 

-'?3 TORD Iiwirvoi, ? tJooi lop, lixjtkd, ilKWp, roff mllei, jmoi 
VI, full rrkc »?**. Mo Di^.n I'a/ merit. Hcniptilll /AcCcn-is So-aMii'J 
W743W. 

•<l Foij'XL, AS IS 

IN; Ford, a1', poirer, '?•* plaits, ex- 

Mvrt^HTlwi~Foid~fVnn Torifvo". 
1 '"'s or t?,«fl; will itll Icr Si,SOU. 

• Ford LfD,~' p9Mef,™a'f7~Qv\Q., 

•71 
Ford /AuilcxMj. 
A cyl., ?SO 
._ 

 inch molw. 34.ooo mllei, radia, heoi er 
Green will, vinyl |vp. JltW. 65S 

•iryoHo 
' '^ecl 

 firebird. Loaded, 

CALL . 

-? FORD MuiTa"lvj, (iclfix. V/IJn f 

 lfc, SI«W^ i^l-SJW. 

~ 
~ 
FORD^'O A'LA x i b ~iw,~j , ulop, VI, flyrixn<jirc, no*ir, fee- 
Iwy o-r, vinyl rvwf. l-o lo// nil*flo«. J399I, V/HI 

~ 
" 

 poll 

- 

Kw<r~r'lnlo. cl«onrii7etnr.- ccon., pcflecl drhe. iocrlllta 1I3M 

, oulo , ~2~fjorre 
, bl^-o po:n>, )X)o 

;? 
Fjreh'iJ. 
AU< iiflftw^ o-7lo i«nul I f u 1 cnivJ.llcr>, LOW iriie 
_ 
_ 

 r'oVd Gei'oile ' 

 r<i?»n — 
11, IJI 7717. 

 ni.*3~«r__[ 
^_ 
^ 
_' 

'73 GRAND PRIX~" 

Q ri'ml \n,~" a' r, t id 

111oo. M3-116o. 
_ 
' " 
" 
. 
. 
, 

 car uun/unlec. P5<rt l.rrn, IX o1(o. 

COMPLETE WEAHiER REPORT—CAU 6B1 o1oo 
"Today's Best Offers 

72 DATSUN 

7o FORD ^'»"of;,8,'ir,P«' 
73 CHEVROLET F&K 
71 VEGA o""'.,, ,.o,d«,j 

-PICK-UPS & PANELS 

1695 

S1695 
S2695. 
M195 

73 IMPALA p±::o.,'i?, 
•'T2 BtLAIR ^1":.--;" 
'68 SKYLARK ^ 

'71 IMPALA p^"^" 

'71 FORD ^'.'.Vvt'id1,' 
'66 VW 2^;d"d" 
'71 BEL AIR Pli°c:.o 
4±? 

7o FORD p;:';::'a.'1 
3.:-dl 

'71 VEGA ^-L'l'.ono'..;: 
'69 FORD "°<"°£&4° 

'69 OLDS Powr|Sat""irVt 
'69 CHEVELLE 51^"=,."' 
'72 FORD rn,".3"™" 
7o DODGE poh:S%',(°. 
72 AMBASSADOR ! 

 i-jrj 
\rrr-* 11 
/ i VfcGA 

73 HORNET J 51' 
73 NOVA A^o k™' rc 

73 MALIBU s!oc5V 
73 IMPALA 

Ho'chbatk tojpc Slcr.daid li 

S2895 
M695 

 s 895 
M295 

Mo95 

•> 
495 

M195 
1 695 
M395 

 s 895 
1 995 

5 995 
M295 
M295 
M795 

S2195 

!2295 

S2595 
'2995 
!3195 

• 
,/UpeflOr I)'GOODWILL| 

 rfp pontinc 

PRICED TO SELL 
SUPERIOR SPECIALS 

73 PONTIAC fr 
73 PONTtAC r 
73 BONNEVILLE 
72 PLYMOUTH ' 
72 PONTIAC ro' 
72 PONT! AC £ 
72 PONTIAC ", 
73 CHEVROLET 
'65 PONTIAC r.c 

^345o 
S2995 
S2895 

'"" S215o 

52895 
S2795 
S2795 

''™' ^75o 
' 495 
M 495 

Open 'li/ 8 p.m. nightly 6 p.m. on Saturday 

LOW BANK RATES 

92o BROADWAY 227-5o46 

AT 1oth ST. 

LI.**I » a » » 

DRASTIC PRICE CUTS 
ACTUAL $2oo to $5oo REDUCTIONS 

72 RIVERIA Mi.Kjii.^S:;.',::;.1.':..'::.1'..^ 
S3695 

'69 CHEVROLET ^'iB"^'''—^ 
S1o95 
C..l,,t {J,,t ,,i,. I,,,.,, ,; .^ MW. 

73 BUICK "•)feA-JVM: r±rk""::.<^:;' 53125 

73 VOLKSWAGEN J!^''" "'""'"' S2795 

U.t.ly ? J,,, r.,J.... I., mil.,,., it,,! 

73 BUICK i:,i;^^:;i<:vr::::..°!'^.;r 
S3295 

72 MAVERICK ^tt^l^JJi .V 
S2595 

'71 Ulllri/ ""'" JJ*tl "w^ 
1*?. •" M"«. •"• •«•• so-rnr 
/ I DUIVK 
<t. I.. -rl..|t. Ilill 11,4., 11, ...... /795 

<kirill 7-J..r U.r^l.,, 11.o11 .11.,. 
72 DODGE ;;;••'"""••'•"< ..... .w.,»ni ^^j 
'69 PONTIAC ':r,"^r;r.v.li:;vt;i:J'';- ^595 

(I. Inln KM. H.iJl.p, 4»tl< .k.,l,J, 

72 BUICK KV.''!"::'-'!'.!":.1"^1"::."^ '2795 

- 
(llclr* («ir»m, 4 JHI kflilrif. »•• *i**t', 

71 BUICK Sifh:.^;.:^".".: £';*."•.":• S2995 
72 OLDS ^;.'-V.i:<.V.;V.""1.iVs 
<I.'"":..1'"" »2695 

7o MAVERICK Li11:-,1.;,'!^.1.': '.'<.J"J' M595 
MAIir MORI MAXfS AND MODUS At FANTASTIC SAVINGS 

GENE SPIRES BUICK CO. 
"SOMEONE TO BELIEVE IH" 

SO] BROADWAY • OPEN EVENINGS • 22i-UM 

,, GREMLIN -^ 
I-,, OHDMLIN5 ll«!*!rd, o:r, lu. 

 ll!y/._nk, ik,. VMI Mn^iec. .'JS-m?.!'*.-!'--!"^;!!..?*1 

' " ' " ' ' 
' '" "~~ '~~ '"ijon, 4 <)oor, loodcf 

7o GRAND PRIX 

_ik-d 115V; null till. Coll 53 oiler SjJjii. niornj YOUH wAm'~Ab~}> 

, 

 cr, & cyl. auto, rodlo, I'ctilcr. nl il*(l b«;lid rad'all. 3j MPO. 17?^ 
4SS&774. 

 onil' irourt v?Xr<r A 

RIATA 

CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 

226-7221 

BUYER 

PROTECTION 

12,OOOMi./12 Mo. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 
17. lr<=,DtVlHc 
/4 (.•rllur WL.ll 

'73 liqi-w'yil'! 

73 S«i.T:.V 
'73 \"A. 
,,„ tUinl. 
// Gnu Ihil 

... '849o 

.. S699o 

.. '629o 

.. 
SS99o 

. 
S669o 

.. 5559o 

Vtt:;; 
Mwo., 

Sr::1" 
'379o., 

'72 Vr?;,!""'" 
M39o./ 

'72 lElf..!.:.'" 
'429o 

71 iKw,*1!!' 
'389o 

71 c^mtn, 
S419o 

OTHER MAKES 

'/3 Olds 98 - '73 Olds To- rcmado - '73 Buick Electro - 
'73 Chov Malibu - '73 Chev 
Caprice - '73 Continental 
Mark IV - '72 Olds Toronado 
- '72 Chcv Monte Carlo - 
'71 Ponliac Grand Prix - '7o 
Bukk Riviera. 

NEW AND PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 

OPEN—WON. Thru 

FRI. 

-8 AM-7 PM 

SAT. 8 AM-4 PM 

'73 Plymouth V 

Fury III t 

• 
4 Door Sedans t 

A 

Automulic, powor ifccr. ^ 
KKJ, biuVcs, AM ladio, air * concMoiicd, linlud glajl, V 

. v,liiie vdewo'l f'rci. i 

T 
Extended Factory 
™ 

Warranty 

IPrkc ; 

Now 

'2937° 

O.R. Mitchell 

Chrysler-Plymouth 

'72 FORD CLUB 

CHEAHAU 

15PA5SEKGER 

UKE NEW 
*2995 

O.R. MITCHELL 
OMVSlEX-mMOUTH 

28oo BROADWAY 

822-3341 

73 
LTD 
BroiQfia 

W.OOO dUtei. A/A 

~ 
~ 

 fully eau-fped^ 

Vv Hofco. ii»o, 

 f a~Jov«Ti ~ssr, block nwlaPritAe,^ 
Hunl. Metrfi minor hrtrto ro- 
' pacr. 
IMPALX 

- 

 oiler i P.M. 

 dr. ho7dlo"pT34;~en. 
, 
. 
. olnc. -Al*lns »». Mult KC 1o op(>r«- 

 e. »<•!»». WJ^m. 

JWI FR 

 lmpo({>'"S 

«hoy>l. ?Jt 

T 1 966 Impala SS - 
_ll?/dj.1*' '"^'(t'^t-1***:1*"' noi/t: V'tJljii 'w'Atjf A * " 

San 

' .•- •-'& -'v^lilMSi^^ 

, Sat., April 13, 1974 
Want Adt 

Parson to Periori 

WORDS 
TIMES tofigZmzzmFZft 

AUxorrtMlOMf, 14^oo Of u7~sis5~T. toro* coal-fop JpoorheoierV, i Swfi xwc» ixaltr JZfl. ) wratiier tti r«- ffln*rs»4ru> C*ft 
4(fr»IB _V.._ .*"' (C^ 
X niqw" 11". crri-j Bkycii 
I-1'. Twin fcj irom«. d«lc, GE rV cord ptg>er and 

ALAMU HptS. 
928 
CAMfliiTDOE 

& ^ri^f lf<XI1 'i"o,* M !•"« l^'S tSSi "pW,1; IS!' 
Sole b((j!n« Weavwidoy thm sundav 
L&wf^^r1"^^ 
^'j^«^«jfHr.lSi 
«rS?SXS,!r-fa"'i leal labte. Chjfdoor tools, many 

11oo. Ufirlpht Frledrlch'i ire«e"r-"TA 
o1. II., llSo. CJI gill•,lbro""'\' 
«Kh. Couch vibrator, JH. cixi) il drawe/i US. fllofibc wordrlbe -" 
Bnnae aresjer drawers U5 B oVeuer US. Etc. JM-tSJl. ' ft'oco^P'^s^KEcT'^rrrii 
JIM. 

BUFFET. Old. Welmil, BolMI, » 
Awcrafact Track, us. tXt&l 
Bfqutllul iriile ..... floor, >n<l 

Jr«s Bed (old) MO. Ola wood ond can Iron Ichool dtike. Living room 

 iv|*is »»irti sliding door, book 

- . . fieodlxxHd, rnneriprbw, txn. 

SrLiol, excellent crxxJItton ilCO, 4- a»er vorJly »lln jun j». cheit: 
-drawer t?o. grower J1S. o92-13» 
JeauMM did Marble top commode. 
Wolnjl Till lop card loole, imoll 
,F,',e!;f. chc"' «!« etall, ctdar cheu. 

^fc«£jE°ra:«e« 

Air Condlirop.er, 12.oCO sfu m v"- 
Excellent.tondllltm. 1J5. •ilimZJ^. 

 r, ll,JOCDTU, Mn voJt, t Signature, like new SIM 
Kewnocc electric dryer, «»d 
F 

CsndlllOfiert ia>, 22o v.'sni 
W 
" w"i~i" 

. 

Anllq-jwj while round coffee noie colored marble o3" uo. L toailmajier slalnleii ifc«r, I tfrower 

^^g^^J^fiTD.7- 
AIR COHDITJOHER. W E S T I I. „ 
&° uc\'U 
7-%.&S: u" 
WORKS«""» 

^^'tl^'jrf^'M"''1^1- 
Air Coffljlllontr; 2MOQBTU, co: 

. 
1*5. 21" color TV, 

Apl. s»re stove, 53S. Call SJolla Co pel 9M-4A52 1129 Jcnrrinos. 
Afr conditioner. Ward!, 23.oQOolu, 2 
>ears, e x c e l l e n t condition, sis? 
GMno central. WZ-9&S4 
Air condllfoner 2o.ooo 
DTU. ocod 

 ccrrd.lion HtXl. Waihino machine IK renion-oy fced wilh moltresj S13, 634 
2o33. . 
Air CQAdlllaatr, Scars C o I d s p ol 
37,ooo BTU. 1 vrs. o4d. Used ont season, only. S]75^923-75&3._ 
AIR Condllloncr, 2/i TorTcT.E. h* pvtnp wllh 12 KSV (fuel hoofer. We', er u&ctf, Ducrs and registers In dud 

 fiVHHcl 
Air cindltkner, 11,ooo Btu" 
Uied > weeks. $15o. «SM«1 

AM-FM Sl«r*« conlate, 425 A modern cou*, green. Lifce no*, S 
641-2266. 
Aulomalle wo««p, dryer, f_lke new 
CQixHItoo. RSS eocfu 33?-7»3o. bob/ chcit , playpen, niter^ween v a c u u m . Excellent com! H Ton. 225 
o37?. 
Barflaln] 
Horcjc Washer ond Cm dryer. 694-'i?fl? 

BED - DowJj'e s and spffnoi 

DEAUTJFUL Slfnmoris mallrM fcox springs, x po M c ss clean, II new,_S75_sct. 732-5 W 
_ 

PHONE' YOUR WANT AD^CS^IJ 

JHirch Rurrtmw io4», ios . 

 o r o 1 1 no $1r«l. Corner oJ J rtia and CerofiAQ. Open 1oam 
<<vn. Mootfffy mru 5cfi.-r5jy.___ 

AST 
IRON KETTLE wii* aiano. 
Ojd, E»lffrrnlY Icrrp*. 3O-6151 

Wp1«l* SMolih ft»(V4wmi O ilrrored dreuerr emit, bed jqjlren, boxtpftno. $xe). ffl-j 

CAKP£T/ Orwt 

 olflr TV, 31". Good cwvUUw*. Con 

IptOR T\r*( RCA, woViut 
•hannel -•• 
-omoltle : til ceslon, 

 iOUCHe Crra'r*/ tcblei, iqmpi, dog- 

 wood ritik. lypcfrllerf TV, 'boox! and muc. Itemi. Coih only_._7JS<jli! 

 yi 3S" bicycle, IIS; Cor TapttfTei 

- 

DS: 
Slna'e, mollreji and bo lngj, unused. Bike corrfer crw 
Ice Crco.Ti Irtcjer, 333-5376 

Cenlral Air Condlllonir; 
[QCKl condlUsa, molte offer, 342-liSO 

Bell & Howcll ^WA compatlQ'a 
- 

 p«r 8 end 8mm outomallc lood roieqior, tSO. Also pair of KLH re* ear<;ri orvd dtvelop.Tve nt Wodtl 17 stereo iptaktr 
S)'s1em%, OrUy 3 r.onrhi o!rf. fu/chosetf (or $16o.Vrtll 

MSo3I8 anC 
. 
. 
«ll lor. 199. 34l'U wjcjor CeBTg*.- 

Black Mahrlw bucket seoli. 

3rd/pom lullc M^Hnu^t includei, Jrlp- 
' drcsicr, hlon boy ihcil, bed 

 pieFe wim nlohT ilocd, Altec 
-I'jrsl design, 6 'na. old, paid over - »« n>vit stll. ' WiO kx»h 
714-3o27. 

"olladors Hem/ S* volume Encyclo xdki BrmanliO, 1*+h edition, iM9 ocd-c&cdJikjn. Dwt offer over i» 
Vcillnrttouie iTeom Iron, " 
' ' mlic. 736-1 U> 

Ireflklail latile. while lormlcc dro pteal, J4o. Small wMIe kitchen cabi- ns]- iU. Htflkr, llVc new, 32S. Wheel chair, Adyll-jliCj S1o. "- 
BEDROOM SUITE, Spanish, solid ock. Living room Jvrniture, eryj to 
"-'" coKre table. Den. sofa ant d"r>lr>fl toVe, 4 choirs. Chine 
1. Nougahyde h!de-g-t>ed iola, 

3lnscy[or Collector will buy. ic.il. 
Irotfe. d to 4 vreekdoys. 3X4-97;^ 
Wenlr 
Beit Garage Sale! Chippendare vrTni bock choir, o plec« living room sulk c'eon, Hnglfih buffel, wash stand s.lcher o".tJ bowl sof, rockers, taljli 
Icmpi, Hommond ergon, color T.V. 
B.&W. T.V., old *hat oun, candli illcks, and nralcfMng wall nlaaue, 
Seth Thomas ckxilc, imali tngliw 
(o*d> clock. <Kuril) o!d <Hth*jt 5ipan ish ilecoialar cr-alr, plll3.v5, guThir, small amo, icwge speaker, rTivlhm 
•-ill, vnall very culc ond (old) wo 
_jn, pklurts, brass chandelier, fllrl sp:dcr [Clean) bicycle, 2 occaslona c'o:ii. T.V. tobies whol not ilcnd 
Ico sel Irom Eng'ood, tfeik wllh : d/a*ers, told) T.V. [unk Iram slo« room. Misc. -ITOO cooX jtovo kxnp rcol Japoiese urrrtwella. i44-5o3S. 
BERKLINE "RECLIHER, 3 poiiiions cfa/J; oyeen, good condition, $5o. 344 
W99, 
61o OARAOE SALE. Old lurnlliire taali, ond bicycle. Many other irc/ns. 1917 N. Cokjvsfoi, en* Wk 
OK Cfnclrjxjll Ave. 
__ 
Slnrtt Apr. 3 rt u am.. tulli, ptrltct for yoyti 

_ IPET, excrtienr, 11 x 16. ceitry tfap. 
$1oo. men's olko _>W. 674-27o7 

 rusn Velvet Couch ood Love seal 
.Jrrgjlie bed and hcadboorcf, divWt end bflsksheir^ 2 drcuecs. make at ler. &53-mt 
.W«X¥U*^|S[§£. <^ cood 

Color TV. 25" Beautiful floor-lengl 
Conjo-c. CxaHlenl Cortdllton, 3195. 

Cof(«« Table, SparJsli t». Mlr>l-WI 
1 HP MS I2M619. 
Co DOC liar E if el r I c~MDlor, hcav dolv U ^,^. WeWcd from*. WO. 923 
926P. f'HQNE YQUR WANT AD—JIMAMi 

 rccn. i 

M». " 

Eit2!fr1...F.W.rnl^rli.,<1-e*P-fre*',V,o!' 

 i, 4Aiso robtoll 

In. RCA, beautiful 
, new okti/re tub* 
2 yew, «ott. W-fXtf. 
For Salt Portotm B-v/ TV. Ifeedi 

 irlecj'llM. W3-1761 

Qlttf 3 
•EKDER Beclric Gullor, 
'o-Wo, fun, reoicooblo 2S- 

Colir TV, JI" RCA" cwi 1C I». 

Call i» »77 om'r'lpm. ,. 

 tMERAr Qeoulleu R16 Movie,.wllh tro leniej, up to 6oCmm. Edlllnj ble, co.-np!ets. Realist *tereo Com 
Haya t\l. Recorder with ml hont. AM exceihnt condition. 

;hlno cabinet, round tobli, choir1 ocke/3, d«k. cKurcti pewi, kitchen 
Molner. g^ossware, ke cream por(or 

)anlth Corner toWe tlo. b!e A * cholri j 
Dm E TTE SET. 7 Piece, Formico 

 le ond vlny] cholfs. 6S5-9oS'. 

>OG HOUSES wrxil! S1o, rr.eaTum 
115, torge STO. 934-7217 
3uaccn Phyie Dlnlnj 5ulli (Rich 
•Moho^ortyJ: buflel, gtais-fron] ch.'no caUner. lobJn wim enclosed leaf, i cholrj (captain clxXr Includedl. WILL 
'JOT break iet, Mode In 1742 Asklni 
S363. Also hove many other Itcmi o good qualltv. 349-2C4J 
I Drc-sier, large red mopl« vrll rcrred niUrar J<5, cok d/csier $3o v«ln slie roll-a-woy bed S15, Gl 
*o-'r tfrytr, large plcruic frome. tSi 

 blvon. I'riQlt bed with mollreit crvc box ip'l^ci, d-n'ng table wllh 
Choln, 2 cheitt-of-d.-nwon, S sm 
'Qbles. 226-24)4 

, E»1crloi 
344-M51. 

JlKNEffE 
SET, 
D1KHETTE 5ET, oil wcod. rfar 
Spanish, tormlca top, SS5.6/3-4.114. 
Drum, SulU iii«t 8, U,18. Arm choir, dock-radio, holr elrytr, wig dli^et, c'cclric skllkl, frcn. Unx rie, TVi, coslume [cwelery. 
Apr. 
11-13, sio/t at lam. 116 W 

Rldgewoor 

DOG HOUSE for mod i urn-Hied doo 
Paid ns. Wi.l sell lor 115. Neve used. 2oo5 W. Commerce, 
1IWJI2 

^_-____ 

DESK: Strong meio), Mxivy, vcr 
OOOd condlltoo. $7o. 344-163o 
Chjncan Ptiyfe faedrcom let 335. Fr woolro 1 yr. oW wo^*r, perfec 
165. Old itove workf, SM. Bed ond drawer chesr, ti!ce S4T, Drexel SOfa 

 cemdlHon, $65. 734-2W7. 

Dryer: Maytag, aulomallc,' 

 buftct top beveled r 
DO U O L E Red, tu'Fed Tieodooord bcx spring and maltreil, from 
. S9oo value, llVe ncvr $7 

'. kenmor* pxl. .,,_-^,v, 

IforX ctwffk-s* lope ptaycr. 

COOIW, KO. U«ll 

• r a B • beorii (3) jfondw-dl virheod. . Fully tquieptd. UO « gjypjor »M. fl><-^tfr ^ " 

» havt. hoyiehold Utoil. 
T ml I we. to«i, ilc. Friday and Soi> 

Ji-day. Ajvii >2 A )Jlh. fOoni 3pm, 
14 5rnit/Till 

=«r Sore or- Trode. Cd e. Alltr i;» cm. 

ARAOC Sol«: Lo^ivnow«rt, erfa- 
*, Avon twirn coilcciiwi, soit A cpptr bQtl,* coiitdlHi. Spanlth iKtattOH. SM-4691 
M 

ARAG'B SALE: Atom Het^u, m 
— ^ "n Oval AH day SaT* &n 
... Old Iruokf flxctllint con- 
..... t45. aicytl« W-tlO. MoMrei! 

—Box «pflna», exctlleal condllicn o set. 
~ 
~ 
~ " 
Jfwkf. L-_ ihtr llc.-ni. eta* ro!«: 4-Incoki aVaptTA'CMrdir anx>, Ook mrdidnt cablnit vrith tw eild mirror. 19o1 telephone, other 
'•1 fljece^ond gkm. _Blj317. 

 raflk Dcor, Hf. ovVrh^>j, e.c«l rt cond. W. (*?o n*w). 
ARAGE SALE: Rocjiri Druim let/ uitur, Iroilfree-refrigeroler, ikjlnc 

FMbLZBR Mjicd > IJ Cu.R. 

 lor 'So!« Color RoT _. 
FVj Oionnel 41. YiOrUng, JTf. 434 

FIRST UN TAKE! RIH»: i" chrome rtverte. W tfeep with 
Urn. }<l<l2 

-or 5o12: GE OovWe wall ovw. GE 
Stove Top. KitctitMlde. 
T, $)swtn stgfi jjrttc, 

 i 
1o. -"* ^&C| 

 l& >T'r<<' A>wl 

«.i..i..rti Formica top dlr.elte «rs 

6 chcrrs. Early American Kufch d 

 lock. cWna cfcwi. Early American 
-"-s d*ik, dtllcafe. 82i-?vW 

Ft R HI TUR~E~Fb> SALE 

 lefrloeralor, bedroom wjle, wotriei 

>ecVarJ 732^o71 
Guild 
S1or!l 

Jigiby. $2oo, plck-uni 

9oLF CLUBi: wKsm Sfatf [Polly 
Beroi ironi. 2-V/. Kiver wed. '"• 

 anyllme. 

Ooll C1U)I and boo". 2 wootft, 2, 7, ond 5 Irons, ond puller, W5. Sear 
U/Ucycle J15. 34Z-»i3. 
^_ 

3orcoe Sole, Cupples and FrloTiT 

Garaat Salt; 3 t a m I M c i, radii dolhei, Slie 11, 12, II 
B, 16 t. 
Men'i s h l r f j , mcrilr,Tn, .5o. 9«: 
GfjEefllrejcJColo^ei Worth) 
GARAGE 4 RUMMAOE~SALE; 
SoorxJtn. ? A.M. - 7 P.M. Coll 

 kir/'eriirn.B K, j». Hoover Vac" 

4973 
Cleoncr' °11a:f'm<'»' >»- "" 

OOTTAR 
A;^ P LIFIER 
M V/a 
-'-•upi »5o. 6S3-65M 

3D BJV o.-* Living room Furn 

OARAGE SALE: Wtd. Thuri. 9- 
Ioy3> 
, 
. 
, cooJcf. I»-14«. 

1«<J Sots* French provJncKji, .„ 
PorlcbK B ontJ W TV wHh stcnd 
•*• or fats I offer for both. 
- 5pm. 

OARAOE SALE: 7hur*day£ FrTdov end Saturday. Early America round brcaVrait pedeslal table. SI ver collee service, rKSusttTold Items, chthlrrfl. tlrei (slie 13, iSO's* 7oo'3 onilouci, gLau, mclol rc|l lop desV 
1W4 St. Loutt EKpojIIIOfl Albwn, V 
Summertime. 
OARAOE SALE: 2 toby beds, $1 each. 2 ploypefli, $15 each. Bab i*!"?3 .3s- . wonderhont 11o. Poll 
Orxrir I). Jump chatr U. Table $1 

OARAOE SALE: Alonw Kgll., 4 
AWio, Sadirdoy. 13|h. rAHceltoneft 

 iARAGE SALE; Odd* & Erwi, o'w 
—•-— Thureday, Rfdoy ond Sal 

GA 

Ini'llll M*J6wd 
•PJM'.V 
1 '^J*!-*!**'-*3^-- 
:rt.G5UG V/o1irb«d, never 
ISO; range IXD 631-OOT 

 ox «pf[na», exctlltftl ' condllicn 
, «r. CloiMi—yiry oood $2 and ler. Lou al Girh* me 7, Many 

H£», ckrtMi ond mhKtPcmi, A«' 

 repelled r&fory. TJever yjed. 
•.'!16V. ^r" c'"?'r Kl" 
M)ies 3 *p*ed biko with di~-. eal, ado o lew baby tnlrvai, vro!k* r, [umpseat, bob/ twinn, pw' oys. j7j:iiai. 

E^ Pwiable Mlnl-V/oilur ^aV^ lackdqleyðUv?fr7.:oo; 1 * 

OMC Crew'Cab, lew mfleage, n l eo(XKIty, all power, air, 

Electric 
Gultof*. 

GOLF CLUS3, Cost »l», Kll for 

o1" C°" f"'°'' Uo> A'"r 5; 

Jvlng Dfnlryj, Bedroom fi/rrvirirre 
Sponlsh ond contemporwy. ACCCHO ies, *orr«, TV. Qi>een, twin, double rtdt. H" e t e c t r l c slave. Never 
Used. Frostfree Copperlor.e rein tor-lVenw. 
KC Eliiobtiih Rd. 8M-1?!?, 

 ii!L st.I."9.Ca^.?k«-w«th harrd 

_.- -^---^.-.- - ^ w._cgmmcf u. 
.5E Safe: furniture, cvilorn 

 nd Bag 
_ rons and wocdi, 175. i 

IOOVER Apartment glle EledTTi 
Washer. |5Q, 7i5-6W4 
IELI _ . rvave a oarage overllowfn iMh r^uKhold llemt; Includes d'sh t, O-'asswofe, some furrviiurt knlck ir.ocKi. Dathroom comods, 4 lovalo le» ( never used) Car Herco, pie ures. You name It-ws txr^e " 
Com* brfrwit end buy. Friday .... 
Sunday, w? Sin >iaven! (Vri'ndcmii 
Jo Cr.ecki. f O o V E R WASHER, opartmcn ire, ISO. 6?6-11B3 coll oiler 5. 
^OTPOtNT Ou»t-rn fan* top. «o 
Also bu'1t-ln oven $45. Gcod workln 
. 313-2439. 

, 

•olor, fiihmg equipment. 
Inf' 

H-7lxll Oirtcrcl Billed Jumbo Tfrei 

 iT new. Fedtfcri * v/« t wlndo-jv unLls, 1 ton, 115 

'2o, Victor 
16mm 
Mow)« Ccnxra 

'urnct head, 1 lcnjr sourxj crolecl&f end screen. Polaroid Comero, mode 
o, complete wllh l*ash ond co/ryln cose, 734-5SW. 

Hand -carved 
Otrv:ng 
Room w!l 

 hulch. WOO. A1ft> 9x12 blu« Shcq rrij!ch. Bon|o UP. 6&X-M74. 

.F Yo9'r« A Ham or Exptrimtafi otrf need an exctlknl lolfd irate o: 

'seepa « call George B<(w« ' miExt 3T5. 

1C E BOX, Side - by - itte wither and Dryer, like new. Call Sofurdo. oil day Surdo/, or . a Tier & o rec-kdayi. Call SJ2-o66o. 

JUKE BOX Seeburg. 8o Rccordi, 16C 

. 646-3IM «t 34o3. 

Klnrjiiie ted, oulHtcf, tt«l frame wlda caiten. 51MI in codtn. Uyr 

KINGSIZE SplnaVMd:c cnattreti erx boxJOfinQi *et wllh laundollonTcve used, o v e r y l t i l n g 111] conKMel 
(Worth S41C) I n c l u d e s dcKvery 
Home otter I2:3o 664-133Q 

 inmori wotHr end cTyw, Avoca' o, »», » W.II..I rofrlBtral&f w Ice 

 ker. V/W1* i»o, Ga> edjer 
. 
, 
. 
/ercirob* «S. EleeUJc clippers »IO. 
'<-543< a\ltr 5pm, 
_ 

 ven, v/eitern Auto, vied l year, tvc io!d for J175. lake $75. 6S1274j id map framed 11oo, d'omcnd Ma- tonic Pm tiO, ilrlking irwnlel clack 
oo, Mo/tfs Book of Rules (frit Ml- 

_ 
ReeMype, 

 eir-propeHiid. U" 
Blade. KO. 34t< 

 awnmowir: Cralltman, elf- 
" "' ' 

179. 
LIKE HW. GE r e f r l g c r o l o r 
Avocado green. $t». 6S8-7266. 

'P7 odult 1 seat pedal car, Ei'O olive pofiotnc eoaer. 679^7m 

Lawnmowers 

1-S16, 1-125 

3U-21? 

 vlng roam Group. IJolioo provln ol: 2 cholri ond fobki. aJ4-Oi?i. 

Living room *el, aVnoit r-ew, chrom. 
•^netfe. reatonobk. 1o1 f/acRot, He 

/Acuit^rraneai'Credenza and moleti 
Ing end tobi«, living room choir sinn.'e t*d, cncst-ot-drawerij Icwvps 

 elhjneom items. J33-72M aHer ; 

Inal Lamp), icrrje reproductlci xjlflllrujs.. 2 Round marb/c pcd 

Mfal Isbles, 2 bain scalei, '- 
• j mall. Kir 
~ ' 

MlK 
AcdMeirarrMn Bw, 6 ft. x : 
Scrolled Jdlld wood w!1n hond p^ ed tile lop. lull txojtHiH. test oMer 
U9-2CAJ!, or 673->5»l (Ask for Dill). 
Aetgrola I trodc Quod-siereo lop deck._ V2 price. $<l. 732-M2?^ 
'Asfor, f/i HP 575 Hand lawn mow er. never uied ilS M4»4H. 

 msple coffee loble, baby bed1, plav pen, iludtnl desk], new Cocr pollih 
«r, chesl-of^iraweri, cugs, children1 

 e s_&_nilicc i la neom. 341-^7SO 

 v-od*rn ond Span li*T bod root-n~OTT dln'njj room fiyrnir--re. Fuliiiie mo ren & box sp.-lngi, slave, rcFrlnera lor. 6SS-U15 

:«Hor.icnji uietf Furniture. Cc 

 of come by 1246 Dobcock. Mo.-xfa thru Frktay. PES-?2?3. 

. _ _ ! sell RCA ccosore cdar 
Excellcnl w o r k i n g cftftdllkvi. Co ofler 5 P.nv.__L._E3-7SS3. 

'Ing Must S a c r I I I c pf Table chain, rockers, beds, ilfcl coblnel coicmont wlndov/s. Atony olher l!ems 

MINK S1olC and GREY 
PERSIA 

Lamb Cools. Size 1o. Reduced To quick Mle. 34}-4«?5; oiler 5PM <a 

Morbte-loppEd Sponlih round eotfe table.. 23" dtomercr. V5. «264M6, 

 ving Sort: Couch, kmgiite be« 

 end labfcs, swivel rocher, ocfcgc: d"lnVig set, TV and more. 

N E W L Y upholslercd In Expenstv fabric, 1oo-year old vrfo> S15o; chal 
35o. H&spiiol bed, J?5. Phor.c 34 

NEW* im 
DRESSMAKER 
MW!L 
. ne. Zlg-Zag, bulluiTvoles, el 

Coil STiSr.5o. SACRIFICE lor 11» 

Orltnlal Rug, 6 X,?, nold.'Uu* orv rose. 13oo. Lance wall t a p e s I r 

LD T«ll«fl Rmth Stall. OpiroUoc' 
.. txtl ofter ovtr »I5. WJ-77.V? rioii. ft*tcwlti,m«dTl Oruonsonlc r«ai*. 
. Llkt 

. 

 gn. Bafowln mo4«l Oroa-5wile 31 nw, «95. 44HUI. 
Ook ?-piece Dining room SETS 
... Mk Dretur boje, 361 W " 
! 4-611o 
LO OAK Rocker, claw fett, « arot, unulU3l,Jijl6. 223-M73 
>I<I broii b«T~JWS. La roe ardrotx; wiuftf moke rvlce c.. ._ 

 n<l or owi cafa!nel. VAnxJcn let 
PO. 673-143o alter 4:oo. 

 enniylvanla ilaun MoVle E~nd To 
!«, Utauillul cond. UO each, in 

ACRIFICE. Must Sell beouHFul fur- 
Jlure Irrchjdir.q velvet sofo aid love- eat. HlB*>-bflck velvef chair. Also 

 ercu-ton jofo O.-HJ toveieol. Other 

OOOd_quoUiy_ Jfegis. 341-17*3. 
^IJIOif BMylji-jl 

*.pson Slmta, unnpllller metir, : illder S c a n n e r , p-)r*cr metir, : 
*amt, onlecrto, rclor, tower, mike 
3< 4iW 

'all« Sfl!t'Collector'! Dreom ll> Fullon al Blanco 
.juj-tday end Frjdsy, AIW.1M2 

ORTABLE TV. WORKING "GOOD 

 lns«r Sewlno m a c h i n e , c ouch 'II Sev/ (ieluKt jig roo 
3o- like new, J2M. 
Royal 

" 1)5.'4 J1-o43 3 

'In* twin btdfr Chest*, <ilgM : 
IM. 8?g-8l3T. 

 ol Table S75. 4 bicycles, 175. 

 tx*3, washer-o'/yer. Goo; 

 condition both SIM; AVjffOy 2? la.vn 

 wer, 4«. 6/S-117X 

REFRIGERATOR 6 m&nlrii old, A>. occdo Crrccn t*ltn Ictmaicer 
S23S 

6A3-o2J?. 

Sow, like new BO ond star* 

1oo. Alumtrrum vHrvdsw, 13x41 *" 
1 ck>f 3imm 425. 
2 
_ _ 

._ 
... each. Baby tflkvov- Luq 

 oage and rugs. 
' 

Reirlgcrator-frteitr. V/hlrlpool c,M en horvejt. 2-door, Ice-moker, froil ree, 3o^i^.U, 3J1-5K6. 
REFRIGERATOR: 
COLDSPOT i?! 

IEFRIGERATOR—Freeier, 
Laro 

G.E., flOOd cwdllton, 14S. Rld'n 
', r.eedj repair, i3o. Cout 

Tn'icellMeouJr 
648-o3]! 

EFRIGERATOR, Vellow, fTOllIti ery good ccndJt.'oo 1UQ. M2-17I2 
WDTb - ZEH~ITH~Sier*e&.~GoCKl cor dlllon, AM-FM. W2-3I2J. 
REFRIGERATOR, CO'dJpOt, 2-dSO 
.4 cu. 
M., Copperlor.e, .frost-Ire 

Riding Lawnmower: 3o" Cul. 7 H lepower. iiifl. »J Holrr^reen. 33 

~ 
^ 
' 

Rcete Equtllier HllcN trans. Cool er, eyllom mlrrori. BClt oifer. 6M 
OTTfl 

SfHId Mahogany Coffee end ioblci, never meal- . 

•Yrlng r iter 1.1 

 e:«c(rli overt 

WINO Old fo^^cntd, porch jqyy duly. 34_MUi. 
«ll-Trafl Old oak loble, and rnar- 
" lop wasj> itwv" tor* ffOiUflu C« 
.... „.... 

-door refrlMrotor-fretier. Kenmor* las sla/B. i-plixe Wo In u I dining oom itl Including chLna coblnel ! leco so!ld oaic bedrocm «t. A1 
JKE New. Must see 

Smith <»rt>-»a 2iO, fully 

 l eel r |c. l2g-3QM. eon Ktnniore st-wirvj machine l.i wtJnct. Doei evccyrWrvj. 412S. 8Zf 

~C U D A Gear,OtceMent cervdiTiorr 

»v!i_l se.l chtap. &23-15/8 
... . . 
_ 
(___. 

 moo* 

.,,.^r,fller with case, ptr 

"'•tnSsis7"3 ""' "" >x"' ""^ oJiy HP-1W Slcrco turnloble wllh 
Dull caver, AM-FM ra^ro, cossell eccrder—pkiyer In I iwM, 4 speak 
" lonet & aeceisorlts. Polaroid 

 moJlc 
1oo camera with flash 
..v. case, Mineiia W16 "Spy" cam 

 ra wifn /laih, c«e & occesicrles 
:all 6SS-2332 olier 5 p.rn.. uhboaVd, 7-1o", JacoiV. e«celTen ondlllon, becullfuL color MS. 2t2 
164 
YPEWRITER . Royal ErecMc~"uo 
.•nh sin?>d; 
KeuFfeF & Esstr SiW 

?u-e, 21 
In case. De^lc Orcwnlrer, percll holder ood Seller irond 

—reifenr deik la.~npr green coc' otl labic. 4».72S? Afterftyans. 
Twin 5 I r ol | er, Hedsfri doflr oale, port-a-crib. P waJke 

'u*«do SoFo. Loos* cushions. Gr«e print, 6 II. Excellent Con dlllon. 
"lonlhs cM. &^46SO. 
TV. 

Turq/^olso 
BTgerdalre oulomo 

 washer 15o, skong 4x4' woocfen c 
«d, (its \f>\ft frurJt of car, tor ha ng dirt «!c 5J5. BHuKM SAi t\\ 
CNnaiH. 534-418o. 

^ 
. Coo- 

Uied rwln end lull tHiiiwirln^ ma lress-55 to ^Io. Two 3 ond W TV 
131' ortd 5o'' . need repairing no 
S15. Kenmart* a-jton-.atlc wottier T- 
Ccromlc mo Id i. &M-3774. 
Vtry OLD Dutch (TJorvirtt) KllcKe ettc Safe, used in Gro.~,dmolher 
Day), 67*4352. 

V/hllc virtue dlr.tUi id, 6 chotri. 
Early Arr-crlcaT bar slsoli. I Crlt el rocker. 23 • ienlth B'ack cvi 
While TV console. W4-34SO. 
V/A5HER-ORVER. Lq-rvrvnov/er ai bcdrosm ctiglr. 696-8242. 

. 
. 

 strobe, lype RBSOO wltti accessories. ur.vKd Hoflra Til Recorder wim He- wuma_n rnlcrcphorve. 677-3575 
5UM~SCirpTRE AMP, never 

~ It: 2K-3341 day,_S32J«levi 

Whirlpool Waiher* vrtiile, ta'r, Hci 
IIFon Cos dryer, white, rood. 
«S7 

62o7. 

Super Jyng'e Gym Set. 2 weeks old. 
Spanish Medllerrcr-can: ovcr5lrc G«cf- 
^oam suite; man's wardrobe, frlp'a 
Jc-csser, 2 s'de tables and K<ng Size 
Bed. ;J4«2/? 

STEREO, D&korder 8o2o V, du-tit syiterr- 12ooi stereo, Dokordcr '. 
V, saundoo-JOynd, 4225. P^ono 673- 
6B39. 

WATERSOFTENER, CoJgen. Kev uied. SH9. win he'p I n t t a l l f< imoll fee. 655-7638 offer 6 pm. 

WOOD KITCHEN CAQ1NETS, vra rnj base, froni 3J-7-OQ. Coil 333^41 
WATER HEATERr 3d^gclfon, 
Ikied, puamnlced, MO. 23o 

Whlrlpoot outomollc wather. 

 rf. US. 6«-?467. 

Washer, 
14 
11>. caftoclIy in us 

 work. t35. 653-5o9o. 

Wheel-Chair and Wafker. Pcr*f«c cc-vjltton. florh 165. e22-5«6 

Drcis. s're 1o eJefechobl l sleevej, (cce. 

PHONE 
YCUR WANT AC?—225-Ti 

 irs tor Sale or Trade ^18-Cars for Sale or Trado 918-Cara tor Sale or Trade 9I»-Cars for Sala or Trade 
918-Cars tor Sale or Trade S18-Cars'for Sale or Trade ujH-CHrs for Sale or Trada 918-Cars for Safe orTraic 

VA»d Fer«r«, 45c board/ 

 le/ llo>, CA-M947. 

 eyb!c fl. crffice or r«frlBirQlor. 
MwT ffrJih, ctean, like new. $to6 
' 

 vAceled troili?7 jfrnoH; oylo oTr iuHl!ar.en eqyaliter irallir hl!ch, i Ion! a I sofa and rocker; 2 bolh- 
o^_5lnky. 673-1 Hi. sels Iv'ii rrwllreis and boiuprlnjtf, ry1 nice. Wi tach iet. l co/fop nays carrier, 512. 2 piece ttylna 
3.Ti !-.-ll«. Nee, red. Ji5. alack s*ile TV J3S, 341-321o. 

Wanted 

....rCD - Any of Iht f*ltowlng em», leu men 16 yr» ow, 4 cycle nd In.need of repair: Riding mow- aardsn HJter, rofory mower, er 

 jer. //.un fee v<ry recuonoble. 

I her** Day Ploloj. 

/AHTEp, • Roiex ^r-sldcnl •. model 
%3U fr'wafch' Cotl °lttr "6P*^ 
WANTED: Qord»n troctflr or Il 

 onted: Plcmlc tabli end henc s& 4 copfa^r-s choirs. 696- 3W9. 

'ANTED: Boy's DlacK Suit Coat. 
!M 18.-6S3-532J Afler 5. 

WANT TO BUY 

FURNITURE, JEWELRY, ETC. 

GOLD SILVER, DIAMONDS 

ORIENTAL FURrJUHIJxOS 
. • 

SIMMONS HIDEABED 

1 to bU y. 6«-2 il t. 

VANTEDl 'M or 'o9 FORD iission. _ \j\\\ , pay rwswiobU - 

WAH?E'D: AH Vindi trading 
_- 
— ..adlrnj (tampi 
•soks onrf cigarette coypons. PtfMp, 

/AKTEDf'lWt." OMMt H-^mmel *JV 
•j9l Plate. 
/ •' plcoM ceil iii-OW. ',-• 

WANTED: Air Condlttwir, ablt.to 
_ °* 11o current. MfOTM. 
••' 

 rVAKTEO: Uied -Rint sToo«. Leo 
1- 
_,j ,- -—lobit . duplex. 674-6335 

.. 

 color TVs r.ecding repair, 

Ausi be cJ-«ip. Alto ofr c 

 orltlng or not. 987-2Z2I, 
VAHTEO: Ok) round oak tob'e-any condition rootooobte. 6S6448Q. 
' 

V a n I s d; approxlmalefy tjxto if. 

Vcrld Mcp for covering wall. «5- 

Va^Ied by student: Coior TV need- r>g repal't. AIM- aTr «-*>~mi«'>-- musf be cheap. — 
Wonled: Bi nled: Bicycle Butit for Two, MuJ? rcosoogblB. 6334415 
V 

. 

ANTED: OLD WOKOGRAPH 

JECOBOS before 1P». 3<]~Q97t. 
' - 

San Antonio 
Readers' Mori 

(Fmon (• Ptrrvi] 
(K«hC«n^,u-M|) 
Wan! Ads 

92.oQ 

Call 325-1666 

H18-Cars for Sacor Trade - 

THE GOOD GUYS IN THE WHITE HATS 
ARE CELEBRATING FRIDAY & SATURDAY 
WITH AN OLD FASHION WIENER ROAST! 
* FREE HOT DOGS * FREE COKES & COFFEE 

) FREE BALLOONS FOR THE KIDDIES 

JEKNIHOl ANDIRSOH 

GINEXAL HGR. 

NEW 1974 DODCf 

CHARGIRSPORT COUPS 

225 C1D & tylindo (• 

.SlTo«;iriw"wiV.w3i ANMVmARY 

 l!r*i. del.-* packag«r "j.ipeli, 
SPECIAL 

• night intide a-Iiror, tfilui* ** tlcovin. AMiorfio. ^ 

* 
CB LITTON 
Litton 
Microwave Oycns 

FREE - FREE 
* 

MICRO.WAV E OVEK 
TO BE GIVEN AWAY 

FREE WITH THE 

PURCHASE OF ANY 

NEW '74 DODGE MONACO 
OR SPORTSMAN STATION WACOM 

IN STOCK! 
OFFER GOOD 

APRIL 12 & 13th ONLY. 

'New Shipment of "famous" Dart Swinger & Custom 4 dr. sedans sold wllh 
FREE AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION * 

S 
INCLUDED WITH SPECIAL SALES PACKAGE 

AMIYUTES FROM ANYWHERE IN TOWN V*A IOOP 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SAN PEDRO 
341-2251 

NEW '74 DART SWINGCR 

2-Joo* HorJ^op. 225 ClD 6- cylintf»r r«Q. gat i<onorny 
, 

• ngin«, rlKUd wfndihlirj, di'me whtil car*fi, rfi.Mti A 
*injl noli, hiarti, olgi rxxi)- 92889 

A Poor Man's Friend 

If you have bad credit 

 we guarantee there Is a way 

We can sell you a car 

Largo selection of 

• FORDS 
• CHEVROLETS 

• PONTIACS 
• BUICKS 

No car over $795. 

SOUTHSIDE MOTORS 

39oo Nogcilllo) 

'72 PINTO 

1P72 LINCDIN 
Cenlk.enlol Mark IV, fully LoXp 
DO. CxeUenl topdlllni. Muit to T cppreclil*. lOJI'MIB, I-M<J4W any 

'II LTr> w«ten. OocJ covlitkxi 
Qre<il lamily o^^yp^alton car. W< fllleroify M»rw(i, con^V., eta car. Relot/book/To itvjliou 1% 

PHOHB^YOUH WANT 

MOIITALOY RING & VALt'B JO 
WHILO YOU L.RIVB ONLY . U 

TA474T4 r.O. lex U«l ror Dealer 

« Mullang. oeyl. tlarKf<xd. Very dean, IUX), <n-jiii oinr tom. 
_ 

'M MAVERICK 
Mr, oulo. ttlj. Wnilw ' 
^JT&Mi,. 
•- 

*72 Monte Carlo* immaculalei rid. y.Mi« vinyl toe, low ml.. itir«o, Ixrcititi. ileclrk ww. snxHI molx. Sacrlric* i»7J 

J Mullang, »+}, in, 4 barret . 

. 

Tt~MirTlTrv Slallo* Wo ilo, »lr".t4^?g °*alf 

MUSTAMO Aulama'lc, air, MW 

-_l._J*5o. Trod*. 34I-2«3._ 

Mull »HI~>3rXVjll{*jrTaH 
«H7J~J.Vili»irTaK up pay 
. WA2^3IO. Gmrrx. Ho Cain. 

•JTHe Sc JBY 
— 

1o poHtngtf, taadta. Mfl. 
TAHfiAHN TRAILER SALES 
Ml I en All. Nonrioj netrr.* 
Rl 1 Ooi 1)7 
(I) JO-lll) 

OPE» SUNDAY 1-< P!M, 

88 Mercury Mont ego MX 

Small VI, Qulo, powir i\ttr\fig, air, 
4 dr., pood tini, l own*r f >cali«i 

19 1o-painnoflr M « r c u r y wao*n. gxctlleflt conjllkm. 3u-,. . rcury c«m«t. Dll»o MoieT. n inowrooni con d i t t o n. Loving 
" I l T s«Lt- «»» «t belt «rrer, 

 n, 4 barr 
'"*' wh 

 o 2M"erglAni,1 clean/ j«w. 

'lit Mini ana Conml. $&5o or b«T 
<Hr 5, 

1>M Mircyry p paji. Stallon Waoen otr c o n d 111 o n, no,ver, citon WOO 

A>'_«A«1» oMer 5. 

7o MavirKk by ownif & cyl "libm, ard. air, 1POO. mU74. 
'M Nova Sport Coupt, 2o mpo air•vinyl rooj, »IQO. SUMi . 

'41 NOVA, $4»; 'M SVylark \\9S, -74 

'* lti-3 AM. Hftrth al 
Jo< 127 l\)l* 

OP UN 3UNDAY U P.M. 

"tTrt^Mrlr^lB"Ml^frt.plVuw1lti o priii-fJin oc. B* (Irit in [^ 
In3 to S«t Ih* Hit. 2U-1IU. 

Two Lincoln-Mercury 

MILEAGE CARS 

A6-cylinder Comet and a 4-cylindcr Capri 

 put to the test. 

3434 
2777 

6<ylmder Comet 

V ' 

February 19, 1974: Jn a 37? mile highway tat (hrough 
Arizona and California^supcrvised by General Environ- ments Corporation, a Comet and a Capri with standard engines and traminiuions delivered the fcind'nf pas mileage, you'd like to get. Each car was broken m (he equivalent of 6,ooo miles and driven by non-professional 

 drivers, never exceeding 5o rnph. You yourself might actually. average less, or for that matter, morel Because mileage varies according to maintenance, equipment, total weight, driving habits nnd road conditions. And no two drivers, or even cars, are exactly tlie same. Stop in at your Lincoln-Mercury dealer's Mileage 
Headquarters and see what kind of mileage you can get. 

PAR K 

LINCOLN 
MERCURY 

92o7 SAN PEDRO n DLK. NORTH OF LOOP 11o1 
341-8841 

oo B 
19/2 I 

M Ponlloc k«Mo-n Hdl., oy!o,, pow- er Htcrlnei/ & cyl., oxcclknl ccndl* 
LJ owner as-au oiter 5. . - •• 

&? r*"ovoT?7i*J., air, power, radtau, iii>5. 34J.nso, w-nn. 
"il 
61~"li 
"TofOnodo, run* fl*^, loodvd, MuTlv. loko over paymcnU. 
Alfir 4, tUtttt. 
ItH Oldi Curtaitr'T'y.vr'er, low rut- leogt. H;5. 6^'IIIft. 
'7o~Ot.D5 DELTA 19 Coivcrllb'c, 
V|. automate, ooiwrr, factory olr, 
Eicepllonolly clcai. Will Iratlc. vJ] 
3 HI 

I97Q Olds Tcranodo, Or.'s wife's cor,, ipolltu injid* & out. -Full power f, olr, 31.ooo fnllts. tlfiSo. V, 
~-' 

•« Oldi Daflo ll, air. cur 
MPG, f>celknt conoil.on 
V31. 

'Su,v*ni«- olr, vinyl I tMi itofiJ A/eVTW slircoj we 
<H Of aMer 5: O3-19H 
) OicH dulw'iV 2.~dr., flir, rodlo, 

Hjd coftd-tten. SXd. &« 2K». 
A4V OldiJTiDbUt Cellar4 dr. Evcil- nT corKntlon. Rebuilt cnpJni. i$SC 
•btst clftr, AFIer_i^fl._**"^l."t'" 
—-a) oLoi vliTA CRUISER^ 
Boon, low mllei. Wolly MJ-4MO ttOHH YOUR WANT Al 

• Olds Delta Royale 
^n,tordw, J1H5. 41J-1H3 

ItJt Pan Hoc CataUna: V8, Air, Paw. er, Low Wlkowj, Mini conation 
" i:s. 12-l?5. 21i-5:u. Jn,T«l 
Ntitf R 
Gao'e 

1972 Olds 

Delia Raynlt, 4 door sedan n'* ttm- dil limned, a txaulllul oulcmobKc 
Only t:3iO Call 43S-22AF OAyUm*. _ 
"tl OLDS C^b« Syprcmf, V«, oufo- nxillc, powir. Fadory air. (ixcille.il 
'• i. 1W5. w>~l trait. 
I tig bid'i 441, ^oorrcne., ihaip car. 

' 
^ii^lirKdlpT 

 tftVaiiri with v, 
. Prlc 
W-9KL 

 lirirl rtd do>r hordlop with Vr1.1l* IntirFor. xciliNit Co/4. Prlct M 

•ic ins pir^outh * 

'•iMrfr 
H 

PbNf fftC, (X1^ ccnillllivi, 
•rlnrnHjsl iclll 4/4 WW. __ 
PON FI AC" Orandvrt'f." "VI, 
Ic, rower, Inclory a!r, l-o' 

Very law nuic^ic. MW>. VJIIL t vM?IU 

PON F (AC Wapon, 3-sM!S7~alr 

«»ft *1ooo._poll_i>.l^7rtl. 

., t11 ¥rrvodlT~S(*oH C~Suf^bi.T M ri"~Wc 
C 

. (fxcellent ctvxJ.lkm, iV.uir tal 
11HS. CAA-3oo?. l«'oldt~idn., excinlta.iaJ, (lood*d) 
"T. Netd coth. 4ii-l«4i. 

72 MAVERICK 

GRABBER, Auto; air, pow iteering.lke now. 

2795. 

( a-j)orr.al!Ci radio, hcailrv 
U, after 5pm, pad vrecv 
• • 

72 PONTlAp Crondviiie, -.4 

'7J ptnl* Runobaut, air, culomoilc7 nodk^ hcoler. $245o or best oner; 

7o^|M£ Wsa, ovta, oh-, i 

'7o PLYMOUTH 

^rjHTIAC -L«mai» a-docri. 
(I H a r d t o p ) Extra nlc>. 
IIK5.-S9W, 3«8 5.W. Mllllory W7^ 

-. X-tfr. va"i 

^ 72 Pinfo Runabout^- 

 an Tru nwr, qir. HIM, tiwa; 
' 

197o Pent lac Caiollrw, jl«n or I 
'&f boot of «guol yo!u>. 4S5-9746. 

POWW WllXOW, Mdlj, l 
, 

 toj;(."ul'e c«nlro>, n 

 co" Rlck* ot 

M RAMBLER 13'?S. 
PRICE AVE. r 

.^M^^^i^^J^jfKCJj. 

WO 4-doar Rttil'2-lorn. < po.ver iteerMfl bralcej, i 

 o[(W 4 PTI 

{ootfed 7i Tn- 
Oecro. Ho Cosh. -; 
« TDAVELAIL SMtlon Wogoo, V*! ir, power iiws. z^j}ol , ' 

71 TOYOTA SEOAN'r'ne'.v tlfei, 
SMJft. 6831 S. Ftartt 923.4211 
-' 

7JI VIJ 
. 
II Iha gootfrei, r>!ce. Full 

12?IB. hlemprril Mcctxtibi 

T?rr"T6rlno, r*oy.j hdtoo, i 
. 

•49 vclvo.lHOS. air, overdrive.' 

, 
. no equUy. 311- 

_ 

Vc'sa Cammb«i('&r. cHr) !*av> low^. Mvtt sacrkllc..! HJ&S 

Toko e.'v mv '72 
6?J.7*li « 

VEGA'S & PINTO'S 

Good itlettlon fa choait from. 

JOi; DIMVHlt & SON 

MOTOR co. 
Ilil S.W. MIU1TARY 

' 
•63 VW vrltri '» «nofn«, hw-Jerf, 
ROCK*I mayi, new lnl«rlor, nfoh beck IxKkili, oood point, l*h. WGl toVt molDrcytJt at port povminl. 
4!o V^. A^oansflO, ?3$-7U3 
- 

1Q-E 
H ... Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Salurday, April 13, 1974 

AttorneysWant 
Public Trial 

In Chile 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

SANTIAGO, Chile - 

•Three American attor- neys said Friday they were- having trouble learning the time and place for the trial of four Chilean prisoners they want to help defend. 

• 
As a result, they said, (lie 

 lawyers sent a letter Wednes- day to Army Gen. Augusto 
Pinochet, president of Chile's military junta, requesting pulv 

 i lie trials (or nil imprisoned left- 

; ists instead of military proceed- ings with strict security. 

 diaries Porter of Eugene, 

; Ore., said he and his two col- leagues have received no reply to the letter. Porter, a former 
Democratic congressman, said lie plans to retuiD to Oregon 
Saturday, bur that the (wo oili- er lawyers — Joseph P. Moi-ray of Corvalis, Ore., and Ira M. 
Lowe of Washington, D.C. — will remain in Chile. 

The attorneys came here 

 after being asked by relatives of four civilian. prisoners to as- sist Chilean lawyers in their de- fense. Tile courts martial of 38 air force officers and enlisted men reportedly will get under- way on Monday. 

The four whose families 

 asked the Americans for help are Carlos Lazo, former presi- dent of the state bank; Eric 

Japan 's 
Strike 
Eases 

TOKYO 
(API — Japan's 

 great transportation strike 

 eased somewhat Friday, but there were threats it would con- tinue as negotiators bogged down over the right of govern- ment employes to strike. 

Workers on the government- 

 run rail and bus lines said Fri- day they would continue their strike for another 2-1 hours un- less talks between the unions and government made substan- tial progress later tn the night or early Saturday morning, 

Pay Raise 

The unionists have been de- 

 manding 3o per cent pay raises, or the equivalent of about $1oo monthly, and tire right of gov- ernment emoloves to slrike. 
• The law now says they can't strike, but il has done little to half walkouts in recent years. 

Muncipal transport workers 

 in Tokyo and Osaka also sched- uled a half-day strike Saturday if negotiations failed to reach agreement. Oilier public? work- ers planning to walk off the job 
Include teachers, garbage col- lectors, postmen, and telephone and telegraph workers. 

Schnake Silva, a former Social- ist senator, and Heman Pach- eco Quirz and Leopoldo Luna 
Soto, former civilian clerks with the air force. 

In their letter to Pinochet, the 

 attorneys asked whether tlie names and locations of all 

 prisoners will be made public, whether thoir trials will publi- cly be announced in advance, whether the public will be ad- milted, and whether tl>e ac- cused will be given ample op- portunity to secure legal aid and prepare thelrdefense. 

Mitterrand 
Would Allow 
Communists 

PARIS (AP) — Francois Slit- 

 terrand, presidential candidate of the powerful French leftist alliance, said Friday if elected his government would include 
Communists. 

Mitlerrand,57andinhisthird 

 presidential race, cited the precedent of Gen. Charles de 
Gnulle having brought Com- munists into the provisional government he formed afterthe liberation of Paris in 1944. 

"Why should I deprive myself 

 of them in a situation much less perilous for civil peace? Why should 1 deprive myself of the representatives of all the 

 workers' forces?" Mitterrand 

 asked a press conference where heoutlined his platform. 

"If f am elected, believe me, 

 the prime minister and the members of the government will be the men and women from the majority (hat has emerged,"he said. 

Mitterrand,' a Socialist, has 

 the full support of France's strong Communist party and seme small leftist groups for the election. He is favored to lead the first round of voting May 5 against the three major 

 government-line candidates but would need over 5o per cent of the vote to win. 

Israeli Forces 
Raid Lebanon 

Mourners 

Bereaved pregnant woman holds on fo memorial marker on grave of one of I 8 victims of terrorist attack on northern Israeli town of Qiryat Shmonah. A mass funeral attended by an estimated 1o,ooo mourners was held in the city Friday. —AP Wirephoto 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

QIRYAT SHMONAir, 

Israel — Israeli forces carried out a retalia- tory raid across the 
Lebanese border early 
Saturday. 
.The raids came only hours 

 idflor this Israeli village buried victims of an Arab terrorist iraid that look 18 lives. 

The Tel Aviv command said 

Israeli troops entered several villages in soulliern Lebanon during the three-hour raid and blew up houses belonging to 
Arab guerrilla sympathizers. 

At the burial ceremonies liere 

Friday, angry and embittered residents of Qiryat Shmonah had demanded vengeance 

 against Arab terrorists and the states harboring them. 

"Revenge! Revenge!" chant- 

 ed an estimated 1o,ooo mour- ners. 

In announcing the raid into 

Lebanon, the Israeli command made no mention of Arab casu- alties but said all the raiders returned safely to Israel. A spokesman said Israel used no armor or aircraft. 

"Israeli forces destroyed sev- 

 eral houses after evacuating their inhabitants, and avoided hurting the civilian popu- 

 lation," the commandsaid. 

Israel reported no resistance 

 from regular Lebanese troops 

Seeking Vengeance 

 and said the icgulars had 
"evacuated (lie area." 

The command identified the 

 raided towns as Taiba, Mulie- bab, Bliria and Eilarun, a clus- ter of Arab villages 1o miles west of Qiryat Shmonuti along the northern stretch of:the Is- rael-Lebanon border. 

Also hit were the hamlets of 

Yarin and -Dnhira, 16 miles north of the western end of (fie frontier and about 1o miles from the Mediterranean Sea. 

The size of the Israeli slrike 

 force was not disclosed. 

Friday's burial services were 

 intermpted by emotional mour- ners — many weeping, otters shouting. 

Women gave tlieululations — 

 piercing bowls of the Arab world, sounded on tragic as well as joyous occasions. 

The chief military cliaplain, 

Maj. Gen. Moi'dechai Piron, was drowned out by sliouting mourners as he gave tire pray- er for the dead beside the blue and white draped coffins of 16 of the town's victims. The two others were buried elseu'hete. 

The mourners, many of them 

 immigrants from Arab North 
Africa, were angry both with 
Arab states and with the Israeli government for not providing 

 adequate security or liospital facilities. 

Demonstrators carried black 

 edged placards saying "Wby don't you live here Dayan" and 
"Clean up the market, a terror- ist nest." Dayan is Defense 
Minister Moslic Dayan. The market is nn open air market run by Israeli Druse Arabs. 

Rabbi Piron, in an emotional 

 voice, said these Arab "gangs will not frighten us, demoralize us, uproot us or destroy us." 

CLEGG 

 progressive 

. idea people 
OFFICE 

SUPPLIES 

THE.CLEGG'COMPANV 
- 
226-4141 

Lown& 
Garden 
Service 

 for Home & Business 

Insect and Disease Control for Lawns' Shrubs* Trees 

Aerating,. Weed Control .Fertilizing 

'Pest Control 

FREE 

ESTIMATE 

Termite Control 

Call 

344-o281 

122-B West Rhapsody 

SATURDAY BANKING; 

IT'S AN OPEN N'SHUT CASE. 

THEY'RE SHUT 
WE'RE OPEN 

Maybe we should say it's a 

 case of open and shut. Either way, it boils down to one thing. While most banks are closed, wo'ro open with full banking services from 
9:oo to 4:oo every Saturday. So'you can start a loan. Or buy traveler's checks. Or doing anything you do at a bank. 

Saturday is the most 

 convenient day for you to do your banking. So, we're hero when you are. We're Central 
ParkSanK. central parlT/ 
P.O. Box 32»7 I Ground tlo 
S*n AnlOflrO, 7«M M*mb*r f DIG (i12)Kl-*4^ 

T 

ONLY IN THE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

AMERICAS 

FASTEST 6ROWIN6 

AND EXCITTN6 
NEW POPULAR 

NAHONAL 
^ 

V^J 
IM^vil >«*ltn lf~ 

 reading for ttie 

 whole family! 
Not for sale anywhere, in. 

San Antonio, 

***»**s%*r,'^r-,, 
*f(tr.'*>,'**» 

EXCLUSIVE! 

I Hoor Teddy Crying and It 

Tears the Heart Out of Me".. 

'THE JACKIE 

NOBODY KNOWS" 
SENATOR BUCKLEY: 
Why Nixon Should Resign 

\ 

 this week: 

ROBERT REDFORD 

The Box OHicc Hit on the Seochci 

BETTY FORD... 
"I'm Not Afraid of 
Bcmq Fir^t lady" 

 and much, much more! 

 i s j Mul Sl«r. fui, ,|H| j,G,,,y 
* if Hi iinrln Mkilil tilcn it IMI g< ttm\\t.. 

P E.prenond Sunday 
$3.4o iromhly 

Q Nswi and Sunday 
{3o5 nwnihly 

O E»pr<m 4 Now, Doily & Sunday 
$«.JJ moMHy 

O Sunday O.ly . . . Itt (at Sunday, poynNo mooiHy