REDIORD 
Th« box office hit on lh« b«achet 

FREE! 

ANOTHER GREAT 
ISSUIOFTHE 

RAQUEL 
Tin t«x goddess wonlt I* quit 

SINATRA 
H* socks *tm in th« big city 

THE 
AGONY 
OF TED 
KENNEDY 
AND HIS 

LSON 
«••• 

VTREASURE 

MAP OF 
AMERICA! 

Forecast 

Fair through Monday. The high'Sunday 

 should he In Ihe mld-8os aflcr an overnight low 
In the iiild-6os. Tcmucralurcs Saturday ranged between 67 at 3 a.m. and 3o. Details Page ISA. 

THE SUNDAY 

SATURDAY'S TEMPERATURES 

3 p m. 86 
B p.m 

4 n.m. 87 
1 D.III. tl t D.m. 9o 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

SPORTS 
FINAL 

' o ni 
S7 

9 o.m. 
1o n.m. 
11 iJ.m. 

Sunday, April 14, 1974 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

Paul 
Thompson 

Miniburg 
Politics 

Anyone who thinks 

 the San Antonio police chief lives in a poli- tical pressure cooker should ponder what has just happened to 
Police Chief 
Gene 

Schoonover in the 

 north-end bedroom 

 burg of Schertz. 

Me was lired lasl Wednesday 

 over some political siyns. 

Schertz City Mgr. Denny 1.. 

Arnold called in the chief thai day. accused him of 

"disloyally" and demanded his resignation on (be spot. 

When Schoonover made it 

"lain he would not resign, Ar- nold then and there tied a can on him. 

The manager even pul H in 

 writing, including those words: 
"For the good of the city and my effective management ol the city." 

There instantly arose 

 clamor and nui'ss petitioning in behalf of Schonnover like nothing seen or heard ir 
.Sohcrti; before. 

Odd Beginning 

Police Chief Schonnover sail 

 his (roubles began during (he city political campaign that ended a week ago Saturday. 

"One of my officers called 

 me about signs of council can didatcs Don Seeba and Dick 
Mansfield that were poslcd on i city easement along Live Oak liiiad," (he chief said, and con tinned: 

"Tn the besl of m\ 

 knowledge and Iwlief, Ihe signs were illegally poslcd. I (old the officer to take them down. 

"Shortly lalcr. City Mgr. Ar- 

 nold ordered me to put llic signs hack up 'or suffer the consequences.' 

"1 refused." 

Hassle Brews 

Sfhcrlz CoiMtc-iltvimiciii Hoii- 

 bie I,. Koch supixirts Ihc stand the police chief look, opposes his firing ami heads up a peli- lion drive to gel him reinstated ai Ihc new city council's shakedown meeting Tuesday night. 

"i-'or cighl years Chief 

Schoonover had a perfect record here, and our six-man 

Stockton Leads Masters 

Carrasco Is \ 

 ii 
Back in S.A. 

Reportedly 

Fears for Life 

Reputed narcotics dealer Fred Gomez 

Carrasco arrived in San Antonio Saturday evening, but not for the Easter holidays. 

Getting Cool 

This lad gets a face full of cooling water at a Brackenridge Park fountain while on a family outing during Ihe summer-like weather of this Easter weekend. Additional 
 by Tarky Tarsikes. 
Gas for Vacations 

>YASHINGTON (AP) - Vacationing mo- 

 torists should run into only spot shortages of gasoline this summer. 

Those shortages should be 

 mainly west of Ihe Rockies ami should mil be serious. Hie 

Good Morning! 

Sunday Index 

Arllon-Iv.vprcss ... .115 
Arts 
Magazine 

Business 
1-3C 

Classified 

(Sonera! 
I-161> 

Heal Estate.. o-15o 

Cook Dan 
IK 

 folunma 

Ulnaria 
.VI 

Dear Ahhv 
7F. 

Drnllis 
Dedication 

Rewarded 

Editorials 
(•olden Twins. 
Horoscope — 
Landers, Ann . 
Politics 
Spoils 
Weather 

... Ill 
. 1-JG 
... si-: 
.. 1o E 
... 3|[ 
1-IOK 
.. HA 

Sunday Chuckle 

A political moderate is a guy who makes 

I'licmies left and right. 

256 PAGES 

1o8TH YEAR, NO. 63 

1)11) YOU KNOW - that if you are iimv receiving' home delivery on the morning Express and Sun- day Express-News 95 ccnls more will bring yon the IvVENINO NKWS (or an entire month? Total 
J-I.S5 PIT m o n t h . Call '»r>.7-lll for prompt delivery. 

WANf ADS. 

Mon.-Tliur. (7i3o o.m. until 6:3o p.m.) 
Frl.-(7.3o o.m. unlil 5:3o p.m.) 
225-1666 

All Deportments i 
225-741 I 

Tolaphonoi, 9 p.m. until 7 a.m.t 

Cily Editor 
227-3511 or 227-3693 

Sporlt Editor 
227-3721 or 227-77o) 

Federal Energy Office says. 

"The definition of a spot 

 shortage will l» a gasoline 

 line." said John \Vol)or. assist- ant administrator for o|xir- 

 ations and compliance. Bui if lines develop, tltey will lie short, and nothing like those nf 

January and February, lie said. 

The energy office sees none of 

Ihe kinds of spot shorlafics thai nJiigucd some areas lust 

 summer. Colorado, which ran into serious shortages, should nol have any problems, Wclior said. 

Planning 

Although the energy office 

 has said that enough gasoline will 1)o available for inntniisls lo lake vacations this summer if conservation is practiced, 

Americans will have to \K move careful In planning their trips. 
\Vobor s;i id. 

This will mean calling ahead 

 lo check on the availability of gasoline, lo see when service stations will bo open, nnd to check on possible limitations on purchases, Wolwrsnld. 

 lie. suggested tlkit iiiotorkls 

 may want lo check with the 
American Automobile Associ- iition or wilh Holiday Inns, 

 which are running i-lH-cks on gasoline availability, 

"lly and large, If iicople are 

 reasonable, we slmuldn't have this problem anywhere." Weber said. 

 lie snld California may ex- 

 perience sonio spot shortages this summer because llic urea wcHii of ttK.' liocklcs depends on 
Its own refinery oiilpul anil lias 

FEO 

1o pipelines running from the 
:nid-Comincnl. 

Mow, he said, lhc.sc refineries 

 are producing at a lesser ratenf 
[.•apacily than those on the East 
Coast, primarily because crude 
o11 is less available. 

 new pipeline has solved 

Colorado's problem and "the 
Rocky Mountains are awash with gasoline." said WclxT. 

In fact, he reportedly was 

 reluctant to return because he fears for his life here. 

Carrasco and his escorts, two 

U.S. deputy marshals, reached the Bcxar County .lail at (>:Hn p.m. He was processed and placed in a cell alone, a jailer said. 
, .Carrasco this week will ap- pear before a U.S. district judge on charges he conspired to dislrlbutc heroin while a county jail prisoner. 

 lie and eight others were in- 

 dicted last week by a federal grand jury. 

The indictmenl charges the 

 conspiracy look place from last 
August to Feb. 16 when 

Carrasco was a Bexar County 
./ail prisoner. 

Carrasco left Ihc stale prison 

 nl llnnlsville at. MO p.m. 

Fearful 

A chaplain al the prison told 

Ihe Express-News that Carras- co told him he feared for his life if returned to San Antonio. 

Carrasco is serving a life 

 sentence afler pleading guilty ill January (o assault to murder u |K)liccman. 

Since being confined at 

Ilunlsville, lie has been 

 working in a prison chapel. 
Anlhoritics there said he was assigned there because of his wounded condition. 

Carrasco was shot during his 

 capture last July at a Soulh 
Side motel. 

Also named in the federal 

 indictment was (,'arrasco's half brother. .Inaii Gomiv. Xamora, 
•11. of 5o5 Koehler Court, and police accuser 
Daniel 

Jaramillo. 2B. n f J I B Siingln St. 

Others indicted were Kva 

 dome/, lilt, nf 54Uii El Paso St., 
Kmclia Cone/.. 2!l, of 
Suxctle 
Ave.. anil liub> 

Sanchi'X. :il, of 17llli El Pasn SI 

Fidel Saucedo, -IS. uf Mexico 

 was indiclcd along with Mnise? 

Salazar, '15, of Corpus Chrisli, and Felipe Torralva, 27, address unknown. 

The first count of Ihc indicl- 

 menl alleges 58 spcarate trans- aclions look place in and out of 
(lie jail. 

If Carrasco is convicted on all 

 four counts he is indicted on, he could receive a maximum prison term totaling 12o years. 

The sealed indictment 

 against the defendants was opened Friday morning. 
Sunny 
Easter 
For Nixon 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

KEY BISCAYNE, 

Fla. 
— President 

Nixon relaxed in the 
Florida sunshine on this Easter weekend, 

The weekend was expected to 

 include Sunday church-going with Ins family and a part-time work schedule. 

Tlie chief executive set aside 

 mornings for work in his bay side study and planned to swim and.relax the rest of the lime during his four-day slay here 
Press Secretary Ronald I,. 
Xiegler told reporters. 

On Saturday, [he president 

 signed 13 bills, including a SiW- mtllion Indian financing act, and he reviewed ro]xirt.s on 
Middle East negotiations and tornado-disaster relief efforts in lOstates, 

Nixon, who saw iho tornado 

 disaster scene in Xenia, Ohio, lost Tuesday, received word on relief efforts from Housing Sec- relarv James l.vnn. 

Easter Tulips 

While they are not lilies, these tulips receiving watchful care from Eddie Swank, 7o, at the Leon Valley Lodge, should be in full bloom Easter morning. 
Most Pay Same 
Tax Percentage^ 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

WASHINGTON 
— 

Most 
American 

 families pay about the same percentage of their income in taxes. 

 liconomisls Joseph A. Pecli- 

 mnn and lienjamin A. Oknerof the Biookinys Institution said only ihe richest ,'l to 5 percent of 
U.S. families and the poorest 1o per cent pay more than I!i> per cent of llicir income- in taxes. 
Their study covered federal, state and local taxes ami 

 included such taxes ;LS Mies and property taxes as well as 

 income taxes. 

'The U.S. lax system is es- 

Private 

 sentially proportional for tlw vast majority of families an/1 therefore lias litlle effea on (lie distribution of income," Pech- man and Okner wrote. 

The study was based on 1oo1 

 slate, federal and local lax fig- ures, but Ihe two economists said the findings are just ';is valid loday as they were eight years ago. 
;.< 

"For those who Iwliovc in a 

 progressive tax system, these icsultK ought to lie veve.iling," 
Pcchnian told reporters. 

Betty Hutton Now Housekeeper 

PORTSMOUTH. U.I. (AP) - 
Former 

 movie star Rclty Mutton, one-lime blonde 
IxHiihshcll of Hollywood, is now cook and hoiisekee|>er al a Roman Catholic rcr-lnry in this small community. 

"I've found the Christ." the Xt-ycar-old 

 former screen star and IKIIU! singer of the1 

IftlOs and 195os said Saturday. "I've found the fnith and I'm so happy. I'm going tostay here letting Christ lead (he way, I live the simple life." 

She converted to Roman Catholicism last 

 week, after spending the past eight weeks working al the St, Anthony lieclory. 

Miss llnlton, whoso sliow business carper 

 had been topsy mtvy, cancelled her first scheduled stage appearance in seven years lasl January aller tier physician questioned her nboiil an old shoulder injury. She de- clined to talk almul her lifesincelhen. 

"V'nn don't want lo make me cry do you? I 

 don'! ivaul lo |,;u into hinv 1 got here. 1 was a brokenhearted woman and didn't waul lo 

 live any more." she said. "I should bo dead but I'm not." 

Two priests at the rccJoiy look her In, Miss 

Hulton said. "They prayed me through. I nm so grateful to Ilicso two prlcsls." 

Miss Hutton, married and divorced four 

 times, has embraced religion at other [XM'iods in her life. She was baptised a Lutheran in 
1938 and two years later Htcd it as an important move. 

In 
19(35 she ami her h\L.sb.iml joined a 

Penlceostalsecl, and she said tlieii. "1 always bolieved in God, but my faith did not Ixromc really slroiiR until we l>ocanie active in the 
Pentecostal churcli." 

"I've had a taste of all of them," she said 

Saturday. "They were all too fancy. They wanted you lo cross their palm with dounh." 

Hcrscrcen performance Included the films 

"Annie Get Your Gun." "The Greatest Show on Earth," "Happy Go l.ncky" and "The 
Miracle olMorgnn'sCreek." 

Her jwrformances were limited in the late 

 lOMIs. and she tiled a television scries, "Gold- ie," In the IDGOs. Her appearances after thai wcrcs|wradic. 

Her life now revolves around work at the 

 rectory, she snld, "mostly talking alxnil 
God." 

Asked If she missed Ihc social IKo and 

 celebrity Mnlusof her post, she said, "Not one 
MitiklMcbltdolmls-slt." 

Blonde Bombshell 

This Is Botty Hulton as sho appeared in her heyday a$ 
Iho Blonde Bombshell. 
:h 

P.«g« 2-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

Hearst Says Prisons 
To Blame for SLA 

LA PAZ, 
Mexico 

(AP) 
— Randolph 

Hearst says United 
States prison condi- tions created the1 

Symbionese Libera- tion Army that, kid- naped his daughter. 

Bui lie predicted the SLA's 

 lerrorist actions will luirt ef- fprts toward prison reform. 

"The prisons in this country 

 bred the SLA," Hearst said in a 
Ijuncheon interview at his Baja 
California vacation retreat. He said prison reform is "absolute- ly necessary." 
•• "Until we can find belter ways to rehabilitate prisoners, our prisons will continue lo pro- duce people like UK? SLA," he 
.said. 

Interview 

 liul he added in the inter- 

 view: "I am afraid that Hie barbaric actions of the SLA will set lack much-needed prison reform in this country." 
- Hearst's 2o-year-old daughter 
Patricia was Kidnaped from IK.T 
Berkeley, Calif., apartment 

Fpb. •!. The Hearsts imple- mented a massive food give- away to the pooi' to meet SLA demands, and the last word of her was a tape on which she 

 iVJbreOnSLA 

More stories on the Symbi«nese Liberation 
Army and other kidnapings may be found 

 claimed lo have joined the SLA. 
Hearst says he -believes the tape, which was received April 
3, was made under duress. 

Hearst, (lie president and edi- 

 tor of the San Francisco Exam- iner, is staying at the resort of 
Las Cruces 19 miles south of UT 
Paz along with his wife, two other daughters and a son- in-law. He .said ho plans to re- turn lo San Francisco on Tues- day. 

He said he wasconcernedthat 

Patricia might be killed in an 
FBI attempt to rescue her. 

"I know I cannot control the 

FBI, but 1 certainly luipe that even if they know where Patty is they will not go in with guns blaxing and get my daughter killed," he said. 

Trip 

Commenting o:1 his trip to 

.Mexico, Hearst said: "Wec.ime here to recharge our batteries and refuel our menial energies to await the next explicit and 

 exotic torture the SLA might dish out." 

"The left in the United States 

 has a lot to say, but Ihe SLA lias discredited it," Hearst said, lie said his daughter's abduction 
•was Ihe first political kidnaping in the United Slates and "a very bad precedent has been set. 

"Now all the nuts are going to 

 come out pf the woodwork. 
Kidnaping may become endem- ic like skyjacking. Private citi- zens will be forced lo use bodyguards and all of us may lose more of our personal liberties as a result of security measures against kidnaping. 

"After all," he said, "fascism 

 and leftist terrorist groups like the SLA meet at the back of Ihe circle. Both are monsters we cannot tolerate In this coun- try." 

Minority groups must gain 

 full admittance to tlte mainst- ream of U.S. life for the appeal of groups like Ihe SLA to fade, 
Hearst said. 

Sears 

Our dual-powered calculator runs on batteries or household current 

Gives in.stanl, quiol answers in largr: numerals wherever yon go. l i n n s on I m i l l - i n ruclmrgRulili; hallcries. or lumsc nirranl with adaptor. IVrforms all Mandanl, mixed and chain calculations to nugativrt answers. Has percent key, constant feature, aulomalic decimal anil clear krv. 

S79.9S 

SHOP AT SEARS 

AND SAVE 

Satisfaction Guaranteed 

 or Your Money Back 

Use Scars Easy I'aymcnl Plan . 

Salt /iricf thru Wtd.. April 17 

 ll.i»nliit»n tfara Slure 

S.,lr,|aj ,[ \u.yrrn 

>]..,,. .,„,! ihun.'KID-') 

 iir Slnrr tnn K.I. 

USIS 
Chief 
Stable 

ASSOCIATED "RE-SS 

CORDOBA, Argen- 

 tina — U.S. Informa- tion 
Service chief 

Alfred Albert Laun III was in stable condition 
Saturday. 

 lie had been kidnaped, shot 

 and beaten by 
Marxist 

 guerrillas on Friday 

The American Embassy in 

Buenos Aires said Laun "is in no condition as yet to talk co- herently to any extent of his ex- periences," and that he "alter- nates between states of con- sciousness and sleep." 

The statement -said medical 

 reports on Lnun "say that lie had been dosed - w i t h 

 psychedelic drugs by his 

 captors." 

It added that Laun was "pis- 

 tol-whipped about the head and shoulders, in addition to the bullet wound ... that entered at his midsection and exiled near the lumbar region." 

Laun was found bandaged 

 and blindfolded on a Cordoba ilreol hours after the kidnaping 
Friday. 

A source at the Roina Fa- 

 biola Medical Clinic reported 
Laun's condition after he un- derwent surgery Friday night 
Doctors said I jun's strong con- stitution was helping his recov- ery, but they feared an In- rection in his wound could trig- ger unexpected problems. 

48 Hours 

"We shall liave to wail at 

 least 48 hours before giving the final verdict on his recovery," a doctorsaid. 

Another doctorsaid lire bullet 

 wound did not affect any vital organ. 

Laun, 36, of Kiel, Wis., was 

 seized by eight armed men and a woman of the People's Revo- lutionary Army Friday morn- ing. They waited into his re- mole home at Unquillo, some 2o miles north of here, and tried to seize him, but Laun, a heavily built six-fooler, resisted and was shot. 

The guerrillas dragged him 

 out of the house into a waiting car and fled. They also dis- mantled and carried along a powerful radio transmitter that 
Laun operated in his residence. 

The U.S. Embassy, which 

 rarely comments on kidnap- ings, said entry to Laun's house 
"was gained first by one assail- ant disguised as a policeman who demanded to see Laun's radioecjuipmenl and license," 

Tribute 

To Founder 

Carmen de' Barrionuevo pf Lima, Peru, places a floral wreath on the grave here 
Saturday of Mrs. Florence ferry Gf.iswold who founded the first Pan American 
Round Table here 58'/.ears, ago.-Sra. Barrionuevo is'director general of the 
Alliance of Pan American'. Round fables- now grown to 1 25 tables In 15 na- tions.—Photo by Bonnie Carmack. 
. 

Nixon Strategy May 

Need Revision 

News Analysis 

DONALD ROTHBERG 
WASHINGTON 

(AP) - 
President 

Nixon is treating the 
House Judiciary Com- mittee the same way he has dealt with the courts and the special 
Watergate prosecutor. 

6u( fhe House committee is 

 no' i court and Ihe President niay he forced to revise his strategy toward it 

That became apparent last 

 week when James D. St. Clair, 
Nixon's Watergate lawyer, re- sponded to the committee's re- quest for tapes of 42 presiden- tial conversations. 

St 
Clair is a lough, 

 uncompromising advocate in behalf of his client. He 

 volunteers nothing, yields no more than he must. For like a good defense attorney/ he is aware that in the courtroom Ms cllfr.; is presumed innocent until proven otherwise. 

Files 

When the President, decided 

 to cut off special prosecutor 
Leon Jaworski from access to 
White House files, St. Clair had no need to bo concerned about losing Jaworski's good will. 
When the White House com- plied with Ihe subpoena Ja- worski issued last month, that ended Ihe matter. 

But the good will of members 

 of Congress, and especially the 
Republicans, ran lie crucial to the President in his battle against impeachment. 

Some Republicans were rank- 

 led by the tone in pail of St. 
Clair's letter in which he said the President hadn't finished reviewing the materials to de- termine what he felt the com- 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

PubUrnd (air.-5al.nday. Sunday otd labor Do). Irioikaa-rr, 
Chni-rrot Day. New Yeor'i Dcy. whin ihcy <xcur Mc«day ^1o*19 on a Monday, when Ju!y i. Crvi^iirat Day. Nr<* Ycoi'v Oar 1o'!t 

By The Exprcii-New* Coiporolion 

P.O. fio. J171 san Arvroio. l«io 

S«torjJ Cloi, Poilosf Pod o1 

$o- Arlo-IJ. T c . Q t 

Begitirodo eomo <v'.c.lo di 3do date t1 29 de E^cio 19?2 

Centc. ei N^-e.o Lorecfo. To<^pt. M««Ko. 

All ccTrijf ca'icnt .N^vld be add p«\i.iJ ig 5ai Arioi-o Eipi*i 

IS.I fif-tpoper <• N nol bt itlpoii b't lor n-orjitrip-) or pho-o 

Day. o* 
Fnday. 

 rrfe Te.ai u'«g aid Sunday 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES . 

Morr 
.Morr 
E*eri.tg ond S 
Fining On'r 

 lPf 

Me ruing Oftly 

Eirrvrvfl Or.ly 

Ho-re d<Uery moil hi/ ,a: 

[wKljdn to'}-, 6 day Morni; doy — 11.o5 fur non\ti {\n<\ 

COWSirMTiON RATE: MEM 

. i nbu-i incWt lakl 

OTHER STATES 

 lot.) 

1 Mo. 6 Mot. 
I Yf, 

1453 i?mQ 
$4535 

$3.85 il<?.9o 
$382o 

14.7o Hl.frS £41.9o 
$365 
$.19.1o •Uo.oO- 

.«.» JI28o 
S3-..45 

14.55 175.9o $5o.55 
S43o $?J.7o $44.43 
U5o 173.oo J^8.75 
J3.93 J2I.9o 5425o i?;5 J13.4o 323.9o 

 ti *i So.\ AniorM); Moifti-ig o.-vd Svrda^ S3.4o pn morJS 
Only, 17.7o pn mcnlri (i-Kfi-det ran): Su^rfoy orvly, 4 Sjry idn 1o1). 5 Sunday __ H.jl p,f ^o^h (irtkKjri la.}, 
'•'ig, Evin^r^, Soijrday aid Sunday, $4 35 p*f morlh. 

The best of everything. Free gifts and San Antonio's highest rates. 

 mittee needed to complete its work. 

It was a man wliose support 

 the President may find essen- tial, Rep. Edward Hutchinsonof 
Michigan, ranking Republi- can on the Judiciary Com- mittee, who besl expressed (he reaction lo St. Clair's April 9 letter to the panel: 

''Ithinkitwasoffensivetothe 

House, I'm sorry to say." 

Subpoena 

A soft-spoken lawyer from a 

 rural district in Michigan, Hut- chinson still voted against is- suing a subpoena to get tt>e ma- terials the committee had hoped to obtain voluntarily. 

But neither Hulchinson nor 

 the two other Republicans who opposed the subpoena, Trent 
Lett of Mississippi and Charles 
E. Wiggins of California, said a word in support of the White 
House approach. 

Hutchinson said'after UK 33- 

3 vote that he doubted such a subpoena could be enforced and he felt St. Clair bad indicated he would supply the material 

 voluntarily. 

Hutchinson had described the 

White House strategy' as "give as little as possible as slowly as possible" and then added that 

"it might settle down into a long summer and fall." 

On Friday, influential Senate 

Republicans disclosed that they have intervened in an effort lo soften the White House ap- proach to the House committee. 

Sen. Morris Cotton of New 

Hampshire said a group of sen- ators met with presidential as- sistant Dean Burch and suc- ceeded in changing an early ajid tougher draft of the April 9 St. 
Clair letter. 

"It -would be asking (or im- 

 peachment," Colton said one senator told Burch. 

"Wefeltitwouldbetakenasa 

 brushoff by the House com- mittee and would lead to 

 trouble," 'Cotton said of UK let- ter. 

But even the revised version 

 led 1o trouble. 

And the two lawyers who are 

 mapping the 
Wliite House 

 strategy, James St Clair and 
Richard Nixon, may have to adjust lo the fad that a con- gressional committee often 

 combines the functions of 

 judge, jury and prosecutor. 
PRESIDENT NIXON 

. .. different plan 

Abplanalp Says 
His Tax Data Open 

NEW YORK (AP) - Robert H. 

Abplanalp, one of President 
Nixon's closest f riends, said Sa- turday he would make his in- come tax returns available should Special prosecutor Leon 
Jaworski seek them. 

Abplanalp issued a statement here llirough a 

 spokesman. It was in response to a New York 
Times story saying his returns and those of another of.Nixon's closest friends, Charles G. 
"Bebe" 
Rebozo, were subpoenaed by 

Jaworski's office. 

"Alxjut the report tliat special prosecutor 

Leon Jaworski has or intends to subpoena my income tax returns, lei me assure everyone legitimately concerned that I will make copies of all my tax returns available," Abplanalp said. 

The Times said Ihe special prosecutor's 

 office subpoenaed the returns as part of a probe 
Into a $1oo,ooo campaign contribution from billionaire recluse Howard Hughes to Nixon. 

"At no lime ... as I have said so often lo 

 reporters, to the Senate Watergate committee and others, have I discussed the alleged 
51oo,ooo Howard Hughes contribution with Mr. 
Rebov.o or anyone else," Abplanalp said. 

He said he and Rebozo met May 18. 1973, at 

Eldred Preserve, a fishing resort owned hy 
Abplanalp's Precision Valve Corp. of Yonkers, 
N.Y. 

"Mr. Relwo's visit to Eldred on the day in 

 question was strictly social and somewhat accidental. My wife and I had-been in 
Washington the day before for a meeting of the 
President's Commission on .White House 
Fellows, of which! um a memlier. 

"That evening, we found out that Mr. Rebozo 

 was slaying at UK same hotel we were, and 1 called his room. There was no answer, and we went out to dinner. The next morning I reached him, and Mrs. Abplanalpand I joined him ... for coffee. 

"We told them we were flying back to New 

York by way of Eldred, and laler we all re- turned to New York. There was nothing planned, secret or clandestine about the trip." 

Ronco 

Shaker Pitcher Set 

FreowllhtSOdepoilt. 

West Bond 

Conlincntal Serving Oven 

Froo with $5oo deposit 

1 Historic San Antonio" 

PlacomalSol 

Frco with $1,ooo depoill 

Belter Hornos and Gardens 

No* Cook Book 

Free with $2,ooo dtpoill 

Cornwall 

Elcclric Ico Cfoam Froozor 

Free with $5,ooo depoilt 

Premium Purchase Plan 

{-: Anything you don't recoivo free, you may purchase (at a substantial savings) 

 with deposits of lessor amounts. Limit one gifl per family, pleaso. 

..Non-mailahlo. Offer good while supplies last. Bexar County Savings 

I.H, 37 cti 41oo South fiitW iraM-fftf 

13oo McCrele»s Shopping City San Antonio, Texas 78223 532-3136 

Polaroid 

Square Srioolor 2 

Ffoewllh $1o,ooo dopoill 

 fiornnnum 

 compounded tl.iily 

FflOM DATE OF DEPOSIT 

TO DATE OF WITHDRAWAL. 

Annual Ykld 
5.92% 

'Chnrlorod, atiporvlaod, examined regularly by tho 
Savings and Lonn Department of tho Slato of Texas' 

Crash 
Kills 
Youth 

Eighteen -year -old 

Evelyn 
Bell, 
6274 

Cedar Valley Dr., was killed early Saturday in a three-car accident in 
South 
Bexar 

County. Two other persons were injured. 

Miss Bell, a'department 

 sloro cashier, was pronounced dead'an arrival at Green Hos- pital at 5:o5 a.m. She was driver of one car involved. 

Michael Wynne Flaherty, 2o, 

 of 7418 Brooke Valley Dr., was in (air condition at Wilford Hall 
USAF Hospital, late Saturday. 
He was a passenger in Mist, 
Bell's car. 

Other Driver 

Driver of another car, in 

 volvcd in the initial head-on crash, Tommy Hancock, 26, ol 
543o Hayden Dr., was treated a 
Bcxar County Hospital am laler released. 

Bexar County officers said 

 the two cars collided, then ; car driven by Paul Morales, IV of 7614 Cartwheel Dr., struck one of the vehicles. He was no hurl. 

The accident occurred abou 

3:3o a.m. along 
Pearsall 

Road, one mile south of IH41o. 

Investigators said wreckage 

 from the collision was so 

 widely scattered it was not im mediately possible to deter mine the cause of the mishap. 
Shootout 
Victim 
Critical 

A 23-year-old man lost a 

 barroom argument early Sa lurday when his opponent sho him, police reported. 

Alfred Aldana, 1oo9 San 

Marcos SI., was shot once, in the head at close range, polic said, while standing outside a tavern in the 2oo block of Soutl 
Frio Road. 

He was listed in critical con 

 dition Saturday aflcruoon a 
Sanla Rosa Hospital, after be ing admitted at 2:3o a.m. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 
H 
Poge 

It's Fiesta Time 
In San Antonio! 

'Thank You, Mr. Bunny' 

Efrem Howard, 9, center, and Mike Rogers) 4, of 918 Mason St., give a big thonks lo Fireman Capt. Gabriel A. Zapata as they receive baskets loaded with 
Easter eggs. About 3o baskets were given away Saturday to area children at the 
11o1 Mason St. fire station. 
No Cheap Energy 
Seen for 5o Years 

The countdown to Fiesta 
San Antonio starts now! 

The 1974 version of the Soulhwcsl's 

 greatest celebration opens Friday night for UsJO-day run. As always, there will he something for everyone. 

When it's over, there will have hccn 

 parades, historic balls, concerts, art shows, German festivals, plus much food and merriment. 

Opening night will feature the begin- 

 ning of "Fiesta Nochcs Mexicanas," from 
6 p.m. to midnight, which means dancing, food, beverage arid entertainment. 

H will bo at Mission Comity Park 

 throughout the festivities. 

The Fiesta Carnival opens at the 

Mexican Market area—San Saba and 
Commerce streets—at rioon Friday. 

Highlighting Saturday's activities will 

 be coronation of King Antonio I,H in front of the Alamo, at 7:3o p.m. 

Other events include a gunshoot, the 

"Fiesta 1oo" Bicycle Run, an aulo race, patriotic and historic ball and a pop con- cert. 

The Fiflh Army Band will stage the 

 annual Band Concert and Formal Retreat 

Events for Everyone^ 
During Historic Fet& 

Review at the Fort Sam Houston 
Quadrangle, at 6 p.m. next Sunday. 

At sundown, the Fireworks Display will 

 be held at Arthur MacArthur Field at 
Fort Sam Houston. 

One of the Fiesta's featured events 

 takes place Monday, April 22, beginning at 8 p.m. It is the Fiesta River Parade on the San Antonio River along Pasco del 
Rio. 

"Night In Old San Anlonio," the food, 

 drink and frolic extravaganza, opens at 
5:3o p.m. on Tuesday, April 23, and con- tinues through Friday night. 

N'lOSA is expected to be bigger than 

 ever this year. The area at La Villila has been enlarged, there will be more fond and fun booths and more entertainment. 

Coronation of the "Queen of ihe Order 

 of the Alamo" will lie at 8 p.m. Wednes- day. 

The Band Festival, featuring top area 

 high school bands, will be held at Alamo 
Stadium at 7 p.m. Thursday, April 25. 

At 1:45 p.m. Friday. April 2li, the . 7oth 

Battle of Flowers Parade commences. 
The two-hour parade will wind its way through the downtown area. 

America's greatest night parade, Iho 

Fiesla Flambeau, spotlights Saturday's events, beginning at 8:3o p.m. 

The 1974 festival ends Sunday, April 2S, 

 with a Charreada (Mexican Fimloo). at 3 p.m. and an Israel Festival at niiuii lo I t p.m. 

Fireworks Expected 
At Precinct Meets 

On May 4 

By James McCrory 

Democratic precinct conventions May 4 

 promise to be lively affairs. 

An era of "truly 

 abundant, cheap 

 energy" will not be reached for another 5o years, a nuclear 

 fusion researcher said 
Saturday here. 

Dr. E. Linn Draper said 

 nuclear reactors would provide about 6o per cent of electrical energy demands by the year 

2ooo. 

Fusion Researcher Talks 

March Against Abortion 

An ostiniatod 3,ooo parsons marched.from (ho Indiana 
Convention-Exposition Conter through downtown In- dianapolis to tho fodaral building Saturday in a " Rally for Llfo" against abortion. The rally was sponsored by the Committee for Ihe Preservation of Life. There were no Incidents' along tho parade route.-— AP Wlrephoto 

However, he said (he most 

 efficient reactor would not he available until years lalcr. 

Draper, director of Fusion 

Research Information al the 
University of Texas at Austin, spoke at Ihe 4lh biannual En- gineers Inlernational Join! 
Conference. 

He said (lie fusion lypc 

 nuclear reaclor is the best method of providing electrical energy for the fnlurc but tech- nology would not make it available for commercial use 
"unlil Ihe next century." 

Fuel Supply 

Although fission power 

 plants are generally considered safe, clean and reliable, he said, nuclear fusion would use an unlimited fuel supply and have very small radioactive 

 wasle production. 

"Most researchers agree lhat 

 fusion plant development will come during the prcsetil 

 decade," he said, but commer- cial use will come much later due to the difficulty in utilizing the process. 

Draper's message was par! 

 of an overall conference Iheme of optimism and determination to improve and inake the besl use of the world's environment and resources. 

Declaration 

Mexico and U.S. engineers 

 issued a declaration slaling "il was jointly1 realized that the problems (polluting Ihe en- vironment and energy) must be solved for better living condi- tions. . ." 

Dr. Hall Cooper Jr., assislant 

 professor of civil engineering at Texas A&M University, list- ed several polluting factors along the 2,ooo mile border which affect holh countries. 

He said there are a number 

 of industrial operations on both sides of Ihc border which are potential sources of air pollu- tion emissions. 

"It will become more desira- 

 ble and necessary in Ihc future for closer cnnrdinalion between 
Mexican and American air polluting regulatory agencies lo solve mutual problems," he said. 

Both Ihc liberal clemcnl of 

Ihe party, which controlled two years ago in Bexar County, and the moderate-conservatives, appear ready to go for Ihe jugular Ihis year when conven- tions begin immediately after closing of the polls. 

Tho moderate.conservalives, 

 surprised two years ago by Ihe young McGovernite takeover, are working strenuously Ihis year lo insure the same thing will not happen to Iheiu again. 

The 
State 
Democratic 

Executive Committee, through ils Affirmative Action Com- mittee, has scheduled a"7:3o p.m. Tuesday a non-partisan 

 session lo build up interest in the convenlions in Bexar's 2411 voting prccinls. 

The meeting for party 

 leaders and rank-and-file 

Democrats will be held al La 
Villita. 

Texas Agriculture Com. John 

While and SDEC Chairman 
Calvin Guest plan to attend the meeting. While is chairman of the Affirmative Action Com- mittee. 

State Democratic Commit- 

Iceman Humborto Quinlanilla, only San Antonian on AAC, will chair the session. 

He reports the session is 

 designed to explain the rules 

THOMPSON 

 police force rate.s among the best in South Texas,'' said Mrs. 
Koch Saturday. 

"We have a very low crime 

 rate, prompt and courteous police service, and just as Im- portant, rapport between police and youth of the city has hccn excellent. 

"For the city manager to 

 summarily dismiss a police chief with THAT kind of record is disgraceful." 

She said City Mgr. Arnold, 

 brought in from Houston less 
Ilicn two years ago, had been guilty of "shoddy politics, ad- ministrative stupidity or both" and should he overruled by the council Tuesday nighl. . 

Dubious Outlook 

Hut pnlilio.il alignments in- 

 side the new Sclierl/ city coun- cil make it possible, even likely, that Schoonovcr is through. 

Mayor Robert Bueker, Cnuu- 

 cilpersons Kocli and Tom Koolc support the ousted chief. 

They seem sure to be op- 

 posed by Conncilpersons Noll 
Funk, Robert Schwartz and Ihe newly elected Don Sccha, one of 
Ihe guys whose, campaign signs were uprnolcd. 

Unhappily (or the Mayor 

Mucker may volt only in case of 
;\ lie, niraniitR a 3-2 vole wraps 
It up and puts It away Tuesday. 

The Up drifts out of informed 

Seller!/, circles that Scebn probably will join Schwartz and 
Mrs. Funk In supporting City 
Mgr. Arnold nnd thereby Join- ing 
DIG Irliul Hint would 

 llicrcalter.run the city nhow, 

They can dig in Tuesday on 

Ihe premise, advanced by Mgr. 
Arnold, that there's really no 
Scherlz ordinance banning political signs in the Live Oak lioad casement, even if Police 
Chief Schoonovcr did believe otherwise. Or said he did. 

"I feel thai Sclioonover right 

 along had been unwilling lo accept Ihe fact (hat the cl(y manager was his boss," said 
Councilman Seeha. "Tlic poli- tical signs in themselves weren't (he point." 

IJnl firing a police chief with 

 a sound and proven lung-term record on that kind of issue might turn into political 

 dynamite. As Mrs. Koch says, 
"No police chief should gel Ihe axe unless it can be shown he did a bad job. And politics enler into it." 

All In all, somebody (or 

 bodies) will have an awful lot of hent lo fade Tuesday nighl. 

Honey Queen 

Patty Matheny, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Leste 
Matheny of Sabinal, is the new Uvalde Honey Queen 
She was crowned at the 1 2th annual Honey Queen 
Pageant at the Southwest Texas Junior College. 

Chief To Get Honor 

Police Chief Emil Peters will 

 he honored May 5 as the year's most cooperative news .source by the Sigma Delia Chi. 

I'clers will he honored at Ihe 

 professional journalist 

 society's annual awards 

 luncheon at Ardcn drove Parly 

House at 12:3o p.m. 

Members of ihe local medi 

 will receive awards for outs landing conlribulions in IV cii tegories of newspaper, radl and television work. A total c 
187 entries were received fo judging. 

$64 Million Experiment 
Headed for Destruction? 

WASHINGTON (AP) - A 

 federal agency has directed en- gineers to provide estimates on the cost to destroy a .$64 million experimental transportation system. 

Tlie system al West Virginia University 

 would he destroyed in case school officials persist in (heir refusal lo lake over t|jc sys- 
Icin, a govcrnmenl spokesman said/, 

Dr. 
Sumy Ellas, ihe professor who 

 conceived the computer-run system of shuttle cars, said in Morgantown, W.Va., that he doesn't believe the government will tear up the 2,2 miles of concrete roadway connecting 
Ihe school's sprawling campus at 

Morganlown. 

Dul William Swlnford, Informallon officer 

 for tho Triifisportatlrjii Department's Urban 
Mass Trai'is|Kirlallon Administration, said the government Is required lo "restore (he silc lo 
Us previous slnlo" If the university refuses to pin Ihe system ivlien Ilic goverimieiil de- cides theoxporlmonlnl singe Is over. 

 nd encourage participation in 
1C precinct conventions. 

He explained the conventions re of special import Ihis year, ic first in (our steps leading to election of the Democratic exas delegation to Ihe special mini convention." 

That convention will be held 

 n Kansas City Dec. 6-8. Texas vill be allotcd 7o delegates and 
8 alternates to the "mini con- cntion." 
Purpose of the convention is 

 o adopt a charter for the na- ional party. 

Democratic governors, U.S. 

;enalors, and U.S. congross- ncn will serve as delegates and lave full voting privileges, 
Juintauilla said. 

Participating 

Among 
Bexar 
County 

Democrats participating in the nceling will be County Judge 
Blair Reeves; Stale Ecps. G. J. 
Snllon, Boh Vale, and Matt 
Garcia; County Democratic 

 hairman Ben Shaw; National ommitlceman Joe Denial, mil Councilman Jo.se San Mar- in. . 

Also 
State 
Democratic 

 xeculivc 
CnmmiUce 

 nembors Quintanilla, Charles race, Joyce Peters and James 
Jaskln Jr., and former -State 
Coiiimiltccman Jess Young. 

Quinlanilla said Htilli Jones, 

)emocratic Women of Bexar 
County president, is in charge 

 if arrangements. 

Both the liberal and 

 moderate 
- conservative 

Democrats in Hexar Count) have been quietly working to make sure (ho conventions do not go by default. 

The moderate-conservatives, 

 vho have set up an office under 
Clarence Simpson under the lame of Ihe Governor's Con--, pillions 
Committee, arc : 

 irccting their efforts to win- : i.ing delegates supporting Gov. : 
)olph Briscoc at (he conveii; ! ions. 
'.-• : 

Liberal Block 
! 

The liberal block is holding j 

 mock conventions, one of Ihcin •) just last week under the direr- 1 lion of former County Judge ;. 
Grace before the Democratic • 
Women. 
.. 
- ! 

The strategy, of course, by • 

 both sides Is lo capture each ' precincl 1oo per cent. That .- would call for SO per cent plus ;. of the vote at the convention. 
• 

But in any precinct where j 

 one or the other of the groups is weak, the weaker group can lake 2o- per .cent of the delegates if they have al least 
2o per cent of the votes. 

Later Parleys 

Delegates selected al the 

 precinct conventions May •] go . lo the senatorial district con- ventions May ll.k 

The moderate-conservatives 

 go into Ihis year's precinct conventions in better shape than two years ago. 

Then they not only lost the 

 conventions but lost a county chairman in the election llu; same day and losl a majority of the state committee posts sub- sequently. 

A factor in this year's con- 

 ventions will be the George 
Wallace forces, which will ;;n with the modcralivc-cnnsoria- live wing behind Briscoc. 

Your family will enjoy 

EASTER SUNDAY DINNER at the Sheraton-San Antonio 

Served from 11 AM'til 6 PM 

A superb holiday menu 

 including Appetizers, Soups, 

Vegetables, Desserts 

• ENTREES• 

Roast Turkey with Savory Dressing 

Braised Leg of Spring Lamb 
[ 

 with Mint Jelly 

Cattleman's Seafood Platter 

Baked Hickory Smoked Ham 

 with Raisin Sauce 

Boneless Roast Prime Rib of Beef au jus 

(children under 12, $1 less than adult) 

Motorlnn f 

14oo Austin H ighway ' 

4:A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 ion 

Issue In 

 i... 
. 
A5SOCIAUD P8ESS 

 j WASHINGTON 
- 

 i 'fit'the Senate - passed 
! fcSmpaign reform bill jptcomes latv, a new! 

J .issue in elections may 
! [be: Who is taking te 
•|ft>ost in contributions 
; >(Vom the public 

! ^treasury? 
! ^-Consider what Sen. Hubert I!. 
J ^limphrey, D-Minn., hiid to 

Jv" What you are going to find is kjjiiat you are going to have your 
^campaign on whether or not yon 
Jare the dollar man or the public 
• finance man, or whether or not 
Jyou'take 25 per cent from the 
Jpyblic treasury of 5o per cent tffam the public treasury. 

«£>"In the Ineantime, tlie public 
'will have no one talking about 
^inflation or health or education. 
*lt>will all be on whether or not fyou can be bought for 25 per 
Jqent or 5o ))er cent or not 
•bought'." 
• 
Trouble 

[•• '"All of that is just painting 
'Jrarselves into a corner," said 
FJfumphrey, the 
Democratic 

 fjfesidential candidate in 1968. 
JV^Sen. Bob Dole, R-Kaii., for hier. GOP national chairman t«|reed with Humphrey. jV^Said Dole: "Every senator 
.Will be trotting around saying,'] 
Jd[a not take as much as he did 
'troth the public treasury. I raised my money.' 
. ;""As I stated there will be T- 
;ihirts that will have printed on 
'tfiem 'Your Tax DollaratWork' nhd on the back will be printed 
'total public financing'." 

Humphrey and Dole were on 

 opposite sides, with Humphrey 
.supporting and Doleagainst use of tax funds to finance fed- eral election campers. 

Amendment 

But bsVc-e fe? Sara:,? at the 

 momer.i w-j.s iz 2^-j£.-sin»nl by 
Sen. 
Ad^i: arwr^xi, D-I1I., 

 which v.-as defeated later that would have provided for partial 

• rather than full public financ- 

Bill 

 ing of general election cam- paigns of presidential and con- gressional candidates. 

Although major party candi- 

 dates would be entitled to full government financing under the bill finally sent to the House, they could choose to rely ex- clusively on private contribu- tions or opt for a combination of the two. 

For example, candidate X 

 might announce, that lie would not accept private contributions of more than $5o or $25 and fi- nance the rest of his campaign with tax dollars. 

But then his opponent, candi- 

 date Y, might say he wouldn't take any contributions of more, than S1o. 

Bomb .Explosion 

Debris litters the floor outside the door of the Lebanese 
Consul in Los Angeles Saturday following an explosion of a snail bomb . There were no injuries as the office was unoccupied and damage was confined to the glass overhead and a sign on the door. —AP Wirephoto 

Communications 
Satellite Is Orbited 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - A new com- 

 munications satellite intended to a speed 
"space mail" and other commercial messages across the United States rocketed into space 
Saturday night. 
' The payload, named Westar 
I, blasted off at 7:33 p.m. EOT from Kennedy Space Center. It is expected to be operations in 
August. 

The flight-control center re- 

 ported seven' minutes after launch that "everything is look- ing very good. It's a very smooth flight." 
- 

It is the first satellite built for 

 relaying commercial traffic 

 within U.S. borders, orbited for 
Western Union by a National 
Aeronautics and Space Admin- istration Delta rocket. 

Western Union predicts tliat 

Weslar 1 and a second satellite to be launched in June will greatly increase tlie company's capacity for commercial and personal ' communications, using voice, 
Telex, TWX, 

 t e l e v i s i o n a n d d u l a 

 transmission. 

Tlie system is expected to cut 

 transcontinental commu- 

 nications costs for the com- pany's customers. 

An early use of the satellite 

 will be a demonstration of 
"space mail," using the orbit- ing payload to relay tlie con- 

Westar 
A-OK 

 tents of Western Union's blue and white "Milligrams." 

The satellite has three tr;uis- 

 ponders that can relay eight million words pcrsccond. 

New Era 

Westar 1 opens a new era in 

 transcontinental commu- 

 nications. Within two years, three other domestic commu- nications groups arc to orbit similar satellites. 

Until now, American-made 

 commercial 'communications satellites have been used only for traffic between continents. 
That series of Intersal satellites is owned by tlie 84-nation Inter- national Telecommunications 
Satellite Organization. 

Mexico Begins Fight 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

MEXICO CITY - 

Atty. 
Gen. 
Pedro 

Ojeda Paullada Satur- day announced an all- out campaign against 
"caciques". 

Caciques arc pistol-packing 

 gang leaders that imixise their rule of terror over many, parts of the Mexican provinces. 

: The government admits that the collaboration of minor gov- ernment officials, along with money and terrorist tactics en- ables the "caciques" to main- tain their power. 
• In coordination with slate au- thorities gangs have been bro- ken up in Nuevo Laredo, Ta- maulipas on the Texas border and in Nogales, Sonora on the border with Arizona, Ojeda 
Paullndasald. 

Combat 

Although all the gangs de- 

 stroyed so far were along the borders, Ojeda Paullada said tlie government will combat similar situations in other parts of the country. 

In Tapachula, a city of 5o,ooo 

 ainst 

 about 15 n.illes from the1 Gua- temalan border, the six broth- ers of tire Anton'family ruled tlie land "klllhig people;froni five- year-old children to 6oycar- old ladies,' newsmen, federal agents and police," Chalpaas 

State 
A t t y . 
Gen. 
Luls: 

Dom i nguez Ca r rascosa said. 

He said several judges and 

 federal agents fled the state to escape the band. 

Threat 

"The home of Judge Eduardo 

Kabasa was shot at twice and he abandoned the post," Domi- nguez Carrascosa said. 

State government souras 

 said another judge shot bullets into his own. car to have a pre- text to leave )he city. "He lived in terror," the source said. 

In Nuevo Laredo tlie Reyes 

Pruneda family, accused of 

 drug traffic, also planted terror in the area nt the end of 1972. 
Several members of tlie family 

 died In confrontations with the; 
Army and federal agents. Oth- ers arc In jail. 
Y.' 

, in both Tnpnchtila niid Nuevo 
Laredo; federal authorities satd they found evidence that local police were accomplices of the caciques. In both cities local police departments were dis- solved -and the police chiefs jailed. 

In Tapachula, Roberto Anton 

Alvarez, one of the six.broth- ers; was chief of police. Mayor 
Fernando Acosta Ruiz also was arrested but he denies 

 involvement with the Antphs. 

Nogales authorities liave not 

 revealed details of the band broken up there and say they still are investlngating. 

No Action 

Many influential politicians 

 have been accused, of being 
"caciques" in their hometowns but no action lias been taken 
.against them yet. 

"We are going to extend the 

 notion to nil places where there are groups or individuals .that by economic (rawer or violence exercise dominion", 
Ojeda 

Paullada said. 
: 
. . . . . 

"this crusade agafnsl crime, 

 the assassinations nnd terror!- zation of the population by vio- lence'-is done by con cent rat ing the federal action in a certain place after analysis of the situ- ation", Ojeda Paullada'told a newspaper. 

Obstruction? 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass, (AP) — 

The Union of Concerned Scien-- tists charged Saturday-that the 
Atomic Energy' Commission 
(A'EC) "is obstructing an inde- pendent investigation of tlie nu- clear power plant licensing process." 

;: ••:- •;:;:":'••-}:• ••:;•';: = 
;ifi,;•=•:i%;••;\^:•• -s\f^•:'•'-•.\'< 
:,- 
:^;,v-.;af ^K--.<••••< 
•-.....;-. 
-..:,- 
,«,.; -s -:-,.::fc^::H:"-»--.";7.-i's¥:^»««3;.»:r<f';:.•'....??. i*s~.j'iti^ ": jj ;;.;^:-:-fc:;;:t! i£:::.,^,?^K,;JW*.-S!.'.; '^ZX^: ••*. ;f ;^.i;;;'t* :?H:':.;,:;. 

An Easter Weekend snowstorm rniinhf mm 

Easter 
Snow 

An Easter weekend snowstorm caught most motorists by surprise Saturday as-it dumped more than six inches of snow in the Denver area and a foot in the mountains. Here, Denver policewoman Alta Metzinger and Patrolman Fred Hoag stand by a stalled police cruster. which was struck by a pickup truck. "- AP 
Wirephoto 

The classic elegance of contemporary design . . . 
The A CO 

A magnificent collection of extraordinary 

 bedroom and dining room furniture, meticulously 

 crafted in the finest blend of walnut 
• 

 veneers enhanced by natural oil finishes. 
^ 

Case pieces are trimmed with a black stripe 

 and have a plinth-type base; bedroom case 

 pieces have ckistproof construction. 
\ 

DINING ROOM 
Was 
NOW 

Slab base dining table, 72"x38"x29"H, extends 

 to 1o8" with two 18" leaves 
$27o. S229. 

Side chairs, solid walnut base, button-lulled 

 back and seal, upholstered in yellow gold velvet 
$124. c,i. S 99. ea. 

Matching arm chair with partially padded arm, 

 solid walnut base, upholstered in yellow gold velvet, button-lulled seat and back $144.ca. $115. ea. 

Bullet, <I doors, 2 drawers, silver Iray behind 

 doors, 74"x19"x29"H 
S261. $215. 

BEDROOM 
Triple dresser, 74"x19"x29"H, 7 drawers plus 

 one double drawer 
$3M. S2C5. 

Six-drawer clicst,38"x19"x4S"H 
$25o. S2o9. 

Queen-size headboard, 3WH 
5 84. $ 69. 

Mirror, 461/i"Hx24'/i"W 
S S3. $ 55. 

Night stand, 2 doors, 27"xl5"x22"ll 
S oo. ea. S 79. ea. 

FURNITURE CO. 

IWOH£Almi:ULS7olltS TO SERVE YOU 

DOWNTOWN SIQ-BE: 1o1 West Houston Street 

Open Won. and Thurs. 'til 8:3o - Phone CA 7-8211 

NORTHS|DE: Opposite North Star Mail on Rector Street 

Opon Mon., Thuri,, and Prl, 'til 9 - Phone Dl 2-o411 

Sqn Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sundqy, April 14, 1974 

Going 

Cruising the River 

A father and son find togetherness riding a paddleboat on the San Antonio 
River in Brackenridge Park. Although they share the fun, they don't share the work. Notice the son's feet are not on the pedals. 

Gel Ready, Fish 

A young fisherman gets the tangles out of her line as she prepares to do a bit of angling in the San Antonio River coursing through Brackenridge Park. 

Fun, But Tiring 

Little sister gels carried by big brother and big sister carries her big balloon as 
Ihe three walk through the picnic area of Brackenridge Park. 

Arm-in-Arm 

This young couple find the sunny spots a fine place for strolling and just being together during a weather-beautiful Easter weekend. 

Misses' washable soft polyester shirt with placket front and deep cuffs 

oo 

From Rhoda Lee, a soft polyester long sleeved shirt that only requires a minimum of care to keep it looking its fresh, smashing self! Machine wash and tumble dry, and you can pack it without worry of wrinkles. With wing collar and 1-button placket front, in white, mint, peach or grey, sizes 1o-18. 
Sun Country Sportswear, Downtown Street Floor, North Star and Austin. 

ORDER BY MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211 weekdays 8 a.m. 'til 9 p.m. 
Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 
Charge ( ) Check ( ) Money Order ( ) 
Pleas send me the following Rhoda Lee shirt as advertised. 
Add 5% sales tax. 

Quan. 
Size 
Color 
Price 
Tax 

Name 

Acct. No. 
DD DD DD D 

Address 

City 
State 
Zip 

Outside delivery area, please add 85c for handling; outside 
Texas, 1.1o. 
TO CALL JOSKE'S TOLL FREE IF YOU LIVE WITHIN 
6o-MILE RADIUS OF SAN ANTONIO, DIAL OPERATOR 
AND ASK FOR ENTERPRISE 9951. 

JOSKE'S ENJOYMENT CARD 

IS BETTER THAN CASH! 

Apply for your Joske's account 

 today for easier shopping! 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

 canvas carry- alls 

44 

Sears 

\. 

 polyester 

 double knit dresses make every 

 fashion dollar pay off 

Value. Fashioti. Versatility. Prac- 

 ticality. 'Ilinl's what's included 

 in our assortment of machine washable polyester 

 douhle knils. So [nil your dollars where 

 they'll uiiinl tile most. On a smarl 

 m:iv sleeveless or short skeve, dress 

 fnun our wide assortment of styles. 

In two tones, solids, patterns ami 

 prints. Misses' and Half bi/ns. 

In our Dress 

Book*. ryrglatM-, ^ntn-ry lisls...rv»Tyihing gorb inlo ihtEc blunly, rrjlurfu] lim-n unit r.tyon bl':n»l 

 tolr>. Junior anil Mi -say \wA." Myt'-rl v,j(fi lop /ijJb, 

 inside zip pock<'ls-, %Eioul>!fr atul *jvi-;jint i\tft\>±. 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

SfttUftction Guaranteed or 

Your Money Back 
Sears I 
M«n. unit Ilnir«. Vi3U-'J 
AII Oidrr n-), ^.-{if-o 

ClIAIiGK IT on SeursKcvolvingCliargo 

 ry l)r. Slnrc 

•I Hkunnton Hit. 

Mun. thru Sol. 

Ontral l'»rk 

San I'rdro at Loop -11o 

Mnn. ihru Sal. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Only Kt Gear $ 

TERRIFIC TABLES! 

OFF REGULAR PRICE 

Hurry! Here's your chance for huge savings on lop-fashion lahlcs. Quantities are limited, so be sure to shop early for best selection. 

 a. SAVE 6o% on BUNCHING TABLES—Regular $49.95 
The Idea! little table to use in pairb, angles or hunched together for area Impact. The con- 
"• |tf~VQ JJ 

 temporary look thai will fil any decor. Cliuia; of [orioisn shell finish on hardwood veneers 
H *v>R"^* 

 or walnut finish on walnul veneers. AH solid liard^oixl legs. 2o-mch square. 
J_ ^ 

 b. SAVE 5o% to 62% on OCCASIONAL TABLES—Regular S59.95-S79.95 

Get the table thai suils you lo a "T"-- choose 28-in. si|'lurc cornrr l.ihle. 2Hx2l-m. cml la- 
^%^~lkJi R 

 bin, '\8-iii. limp, sofa tahir or 3 S7-in. cocktail table. All ;ir<-' a cla^it roeileui|ior.iry louk in 
.X*^B 

 either tortoise shell finish or %sjluul finibh. All le^s of toliii har^'Aoocl. 
Mca ^f 

 c. SAVE 5o% on OCCASIONAL TABLES—Regular 899.95 
Choose frnir twn of our rnosl (lupiibr blylcb. "Avare:do" -Meiiran drMgn nilh nioleldl iloor carvings turned h-p* of solid wnotl. 'Ihe dark Mexican Tiniili is on ririntcii oak \cneer:;. 
Hough pcwler type hardware. "Metric" — a sini|ile clean functional contemporary design. 
A rf~kQ Jt 

Clovcrlcaf pattrrnwl overlay is in polj^lyTCnc. Walnut iciiccr tops and panels. Urighl 
/• »»**<J 

 chrome hardware. 

SENSATIONAL 

OFF REGULAR PRICE ON 
ALL SOFAS IN STOCK 

Fantastic savings jusl in time to help brighten up your home for spring. Every sofa in stock will be on sale. Choose contemporary, colonial, traditional, modern or Spanish. We have the sofa lo fit any decor. Print's, solids, tweeds in a variety of fabrics and blends. Choose a sofa for your very formal living room or your casual family room. Buy now and Save! 

Hurry! Shop early for besl selection 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Satisfaction Gumnteed or Your Money Back Sears 

SEARS, KOEBVCK AND CO. 

Downtown I'lui Store 

So1eeJ«l *l Nivirro 

Mon. •eielThun. MO-9 

All olhcr d«)» QiM-d 

Dr. Sle>rt 

111'lcaunlon Ril. 

Mon. ihru Sal. 

9IIIO-9 

Onlril Pirk Store 

S»n Pedro illxiop 41o 

Mon, thru Sit, 

Sile thru April 2o 

 l)sc Scars Koiy.Pnymcnl Pl«n 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Burglary 
Stop Plan 
To Begin 

. A citizen-police 

 cooperative program aimed at stopping the rising count of home burglaries will be launched Wednesday. 

The crime-fighting program, 

 called "Neighborhood Walcli," is a joint project of the Snn 
Antonio Police Department and 
Ihe San Antonio Association of 
Insurance Agents. 

It is aimed al encouraging 

 ciiizcns to take steps lo safeguard their own homes and possessions and also their neighbors' homes and posses- sions, 

The meeting will be held at 

 police headquarters al 9 a.m. 
Wednesday. Participants will outline what residents can do to make their homes more secure against break ins. 

Police records for last year 

 indicate.residential burglaries reached an all-time high, to- taling 14,817, an increase of 
2,779 over the previous year. 

Bill Haile, president of Ihe 

 insurance agents, said 

 burglary insurance costs have tripled over the past 1o years. 

Chairman of the associa- 

 tions^ committee will be Run 
Rohde. Members of the police crime prevention unit are Sgl. 
K. I,. Whitley, and Dels. R. G. 
Dominguez, Kenneth Mos- meyer and B. M. Ring. 

Warren 
Carlwright 

Two Chosen 
For Pageant c? 

Sally Anne Warren, 75o3 

Huntlcigh Lane, and Claire 
Cornelia CarUvright of Dincrn have been chosen as duchesses for tlic Cotlon Palace Pagoanl in Waco April 26. 

Miss Warren, daughter of 

Mr. and Mrs. F. Blair Warren, is a senior at Alamo Heights 
High School. 

Miss Cartwright, daughter ol 

Mr. and Mrs. Lon Carlurit;ht, is a senior at Saint Mary's Hall. 

Miss Warren will serve a: 

Duchess of San Antoniu. Hiss 
Cartwright will servo as 

Duchess of South Texas. 
_ 

Dangerous 
'Souvenirs' 
DriveBegim 

Five persons were killed lasi 

February when war souvenir; exploded near them. 

The deaths claimed the lives 

 of four children and une adult 
All of the mishaps acenrri'c near military reservations. 

As a result nf Ihe deaths, 111 

San Anlnniu Police Departmen 
Bomb Squad and- Fort San 
Houston's 546lh Ordnance De lachmenl have begun a drive. 

The campaign is aimed a 

 collecting and taking oul of cir- culalion all potenliallj 

 dangerous war souvenirs. 

Scores of hand grenades 

 rockets, bombs and arlillerj projectiles from past wars ai still loaded and dangerous, of ficials explain. 

These "souvenirs" cnuli 

 explode one day and cans deaths, even though they no\ are being used as . papc weights, door stops or or namenls. 

To turn in items, persons an 

 asked to call the police dis patcher for further instruc lions. 
UTSA Head 
Gets Honor 

President of the University o 

Texas at San Anlonin lias l>ce elected to 
Ihe 
Natjona 

Academy of Engineering. 

Dr. Peter T. Flawn has, wit 

 tJii.s election, received l!i highest dislinction given a 
American engineer, sail 

Academy President Robert (, 
Seamans Jr. 

The society honors those wli 

 have made Important con 
Iribullons to engincerln 

 theory and practice. Also, recognizes those who hav pioneered new fields of IccMi nolojjy. 

Flawn was cited for hi 

 leadership In developing en vlronmcnlal geology and en 
^jnecrlng. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

SINCE 191o 

COAST TO COAST 

I 
SOFA 

IHHvHtoJ -•.--- 
H^*—«t£s££ss3sr 
S^<«>°"^ <**>"" 
Naugahyde 
;;.. i, \ )c '^ 

Vinyl 

Get Yourself A Real Winner With , 
This Big Naugahyde Recliner Buy. 

Meet the champion relaxed Super-sized rccliner beats I aU fo comfon and styling. You'll love us s eel: con notary lines 
. diamond tufted back... supple nauga 
LvJngRelaxinuforhoursenjoyingUsrichpo^ure. 

 foam cushioned, spring base comfort. 

Conceal Your Bar In 
This Drop Lid Unit! 

Walnut finished modem! 72" x 
3o" x 1-1" bar wall unit has 3 shelves. 3 drawers. 
Walnut grained design on 

>od products 

Enjoy This Kroehler 
Roy ale Qiair Tonight! 

$Q7 
RAYON/COTTON J/ / 
VKLVF.T 
Traditional lounge chair has rayon/cotton velvet covering, lufled back, kick-pica! skirl. 

Go Modem With This 
4-Pc. Lane Bedroom! 

ALL 4 I'CS. 
Oak veneer suite has 68" triple dresser, mirror, nighlstund and headboard. 

5-Pc. Bedroom Of 
Colonial! 

•„ ) 

ALL 5-PCS. 

Magnificent suilc has 72" triple dresser. 2 mirrors, head- board, bedside commode. 

Save Big On A Douglas 
5-Pc. Modem Dinette! 

$'333 
ALL 5 PCS. 

Smoked glass 42"x54" top ... chrome pedestal base on (able and 4 vinyl swivel chairs'. 

Protect Treasures 
With A Lane Chest! 

44" cedar-lined beauty is a sleek modern . sclt-risine, nay, lock and key! 

Total Comfort Is A 
Kroehler Rccliner! 

$'127 

TuflcJ back. |iillow headrest, 

 seat. .Vposilions! Own il 

 at Lcvil/. savings! 

 mmumimj 
,11 uuumm»»m»a 

Own A Danish-Inspired 
Modem 4-Pc. Bedroom! 

ALL 4 PCS'. 

 set has 6o" 

 triple dresser, mirror, head- board and nighlsland. Save! 

Rock & Recline In 
Plush Elegance Now! 

SPECIALTY ' ' 
POSITION 
Have this rocker-recliner wilhj handle adjusted TV posiiion.. tufted back. Save! 

Have A 5-Pc. Dinette 
In Vinyl! $977 
ALL 5 PCS. 
£al I 
I 

Modern! 42" table has IJKOWN trimmed pedestal base, 4 vinyl swivel 

Kroehler Herculon 
Sofa Ami Lovcscal! 

$597 
BOTH PCS. 
Modern! Deep foam bulion-l accenl seal and back cushions.] matching arm bolsters! 

Take Home Kroehler': 
Giant Swivel Rocker 

Spring base, tufled foam back 
...reversible "T" cushion, kick-plealskirl.Siive! 

Save On Lane 
Modern Tables! 

YOUR CHOICE 
You'll love thescslcek bcaulics! 
(lave 5o" Cocktail, 27"x2o" 
End Table 

Bassett's 4-Pc. Modern 
Spanish Bedroom Suite! 

ALL 4 I'CS. 

 group includes 

 double dresser, headboard, mirror and nighlsland. Save! 

Swivel, Rock & Save 
On A Kroehler Royale! 

IILRCULONov 
OLliKIN 
Have this swivel rocker in Iler-| culunM oletin wilh restful high button lufted hack. 

Sleep Or Lounge On A 
Kroeliler Royale Sofa! 

> 

QUBF.NSIXE 
Convert ihis 84" naugahyde modern from lufted sofa to queen si<:e bed for 2! Save! 

Lane Swivel Bar Has 
A14-Pc.GlassSet! 

22" sq. pedestal base bar has 

 flip top with mica 

 serving space, casters! 

•67"TRIPLE DRESSER 
' 

•FRAMED MIRROR 
•FULL/QUEEN HEADBOARD 
•N1GHTSTAND' 

.97 

ALL 4 PCS. 

Enjoy Mediterranean Styling At Its 
Best In this Exquisite Bedroom! 

Watch your bedroom come alive with the warm. sun- ripcned tones of this excjuisile suilc! Every line indicates quality: mirrors-are plalc glass ... drawers are duslproofed, dovetailed and center-guided. Big 67" triple dresser has o, chest has 5! Above pieces with full or queen headboard. ' 

Add A Velvet Sofa- 
Sleeper By Kroehler 

BIG 
<r 
/* 

I."4>-897 

-Sleeps 2! Traditional style sofa has reversible seal, back & arm cushions ... contrast piping! 

Try Butcher Block And 
Chrome Look Tables! 

COCKTAIL 
OKI-NnTABLP. .' 
Butcher block pattern on vinyll 
... heavy chrome plated eiidsl 
Bunching Tables 
MjjrmMr tn Vonr Home 

Space Maker! Kroehler 
Royale Sofa-Sleeper! 

$997 

FULLSIZt jLfZ^ 
I 

Convert this striped I lerciiloiw olclin 69" sofa lo a full si/.e bed in jusl seconds . .save! 

Singer Antiqued White 
Traditional Tables! 

YOURCIIOICT; 
Carved effects under glass! 
Own 6o' Cocktail. 25" Square. or 28" I lexagon.Save! 

Own A Treasure 
Curio By Singer! 

$'97 

24"xll"x72" curio cabinet has mirror back, lighting, intricate slorage base! 

Own This Enchanting 
Pendulum Wall Clock! 

33"xl3" dock has 

 iransislori/.ed hattcry| 

 operated movement. Save! 

Hurry For An Elegant 
Kroehler Royalc Clmir! 

Traditional style! A pri/.c wilh luficd back, rolled arms, skirl rayon velvet covering! 

Put Bassett Modern In 
Your Bedroom Tonight! 

ALL 5 PCS. 
'• -' 

 suilc includes 75" 

 dresser, nighlsland, 2 mirrors, headboard. Save! 

9 PC. Corner Group 
Seats 6... Sleeps 2! 

ALL1-PCS. 

2 foam foundations. 2 bolsters. 
2 foam mallresses. 2 i|uill covers, corner table! 

Relax In This Rayon 
Velvet Snivel-Rocker! 

RIGHT NOW 
Enjoy crushed rayon velvel swivel-rocker wilh lufted back,| skirt, elegant slyling! 

Recline . . . Vibrate . . . lii 
This Vinyl Kroehler! 

Luxury rccliner has UiflecT 

 seal & back, .^ positions! 

!>nilt-in vibralor, spring base! 

Mediterranean Style : 
Tables Bv Thoinasviile! 

YOUR CHOICE 
. 

Choose Iresllc 

 base 72" Cocktail, 26" Oclagon or 31" Square Commode. 

Re^al 4-Pc. Spanish •• 
Bedroom 

ALL, PCS. 
$567 

Lavish suite includes triple, dresser, mirror, ni^liistiiiul- 

 and hcadiioard. 

Save Now! Regal 
Spanish Dinette 

•12? octagonal extension liiblcj wrought inn) base. '1 v i n y j swivel chairs, 

Own Deep Tufted 1oo"< 
Kroehler Royale Sofa!, 

Contemporary sofa is diamond in fled on.seal, back, ginatrollct arms... rich nnugaliydcl 

Famous Brand Furniture at Giant Savings 

This Is The Event Yoii've Waited For! We've Scoured Our Warehouse For Values... Cut 
Prices On Many Hundreds Of Suites And Items! Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Worth 
'Of Merchandise Must Go . . . At; Enormous Savings To You. See One-Of-A-Kind Hems, 
Floor Samples, Discontinued Numbers, Famous Name Brands You Know And Trust! All 
Are Priced To Move Out Fast. Only 
Short Hours To Save! So Be Here Early And Make 

£ure You Save. Whether You Want A Single Piece Or A Roomful This Incredible Sale Is 
A "Must"! Sorry, No Mail Or Phone Orders. Come Early, Stay Late. And Save, Save, Save! 

, TABLi; AND 

-I CHAIRS 
OR CHINA 

""•""•••—fc. 
CP'On,'..I,., 

CHOICE 

 finished with brass trim! 

'.'hoose 62" Cocktail. 3o" l:.nd 
.'able or 27" Drop LeafTuble. 

 r^'fc*.vj%s: 

Sleep 2! Kroeliler 
Royale Sleep-Sofa! 

| QUEEN SIZE 

1 lave this 76" modern in rugged 
I lerculon® olcfin. Convert it to 

YOUR 
CHOICE 

See How You Save On Spanish Sty 
ThomasviUe Made Just For Levitz! 

•' \i"J l:\ouisite suite is copied line tor in J 
:ck the saving • 
-• i 
• j^morcnotmisu, elegarl 

 i i. -li iirs wilh plush seals and a treMli. a 
L 
•! 

'L' , jj"x6S" wilh •> l»" leaves. More magmhcenc 

• I'S-,cJ (,-dnor china cabinet with 3 ^ ^«lv«. j 

ALL 5 PCS. 

 isHSS*;;>*;-^sHE;;:l; 

Swivel And Rock In 
Plush Elegance Now! 

 lilcganl swivel rocker has iicetate/nylon velvel covering, 

'lion lufted hack! 

Check The Savings O 
This Bassett Mirror! 
$17 
CiOLI) 
-*• ' 

I I N I S I I I i D I - ' K A M i ; 
Kellcct elegance! 2l"x3o" | reclanyular mirror has baroque 
Hold tiniblicd fninicJ 

Total Comfort Is A 
Kroehler Recliner! 

RICH VINYL 
Recline.s! Heals! Vihrulcs! 
King si/e wilh lufled back, 3 positions, deep Foiim seal. 

Thomasville Spanish 
Styled Hcdroom! 

I 

ALL 5-PCS. 

Includes triple 

 dresser, 2 mirrors, (able and headboanl. 

,Rock...Save ehler Royale! 
$127 

Have swivel rocker in Colonial style wilh nylon print covering. 

A Decorator Chair... 
In Cane And Velvet! 

RAYON VELVET ' 

Exquisite wilh distinctive cane inserts, liphi seat and tuf ted back in rich velvet! 

Accent With Colonial 
Style Console Mirror! 

29"\ I9"consolc minorhasoval center, a'nliqucd finish, turned posls. Save'. 

Wheel Away A Modem 
Serving Cart & Save! 

SLIDE DOOR 
.1o"xl7",\29" cart has pecan finish on vinyl, chrome legs and 
Irim, slide-door storage. 

All merchandise is priced for pick-up at our dock in the original factory container. Or, if you wish, we'll deliver tor a slighi charge. 

A LI. 5 I'CS. 
Elegant suite includes 72"door! dresser, niglitstand, 2 mirrors [ aiul hciidboard. 

The World's Largest Seller of Famous Brand Furniture 

Ottii A Lavish 3-Pc. 
Kroehler Sectional! 

ALL3-PCS, '697 

 jSbfa, lovcscal and corner table mrc mii'gnificcnl with tluflcd backs, sculptured bases I 

Snap Up This Modem 
Folding Step Stool! 

23" lull stool lias chrome plated frame,cushioned vinyl seal ami back, safely slep! 

Save! 5-Pc. Spanish 
Style Dining Set Buy! 

ALL 5 PCS. 
Value-priced set includes 

3R"x48"x72" oval table ... 4 chairs with vinyl seals. 

* 

SAN ANTONIO 5WO Grealfarn ll.l. Loop (-11o) 
Ami Intnriluln 115 Al Hillinian Hil. Kxil 

MONDAYONLYiltolO...LIMITED QUANTITIES. BE HERE EARLY! 

Hflnstant Credit Available 

If You Qualify 

 i 

KITTY CARLISLE' 

... to sing at coronation 
Guest 
Artist 
Named 

Kitty Carlisle>wjjr/! 

 be guest artist at-thfe'-.v 
Order of 
: the Alamo's | 

Coronation of the ] 

Queen of the Court of 
Musical Theater April 
24 in Municipal Audi- torium. 

In recent years, Miss Carlisle 

 has been a panelist on CBS television's long-running 

 program, "To Tell the Truth." 

However, she has also had a 

 career as a singer and actress, having retired temporarily after Ihe death of her husband, playwright-director Moss Hart, in 1961. 

She made her Metropolitan 

Opera debut on New Year's 
Eve 1967 in the role of Prince 
Orlofsky in the .lohann Strauss light opera "Die Flcdennaus." 

Slie had previously sung the 

 role on Broadway in "Cham- pagne Sec," a musical based on the opera. 

Afnong her motion picture 

 credits are "Here Is My Heart" with Bing Crosby and "A Night at the Opera" with the Marx 
Brothers. 

In recent years site has 

 played in "The Rape of 
Lucrcee" on Broadway and starred in 
"Anniversary 

Waltz" and "Kiss Me Kale" at the New York City Center. 

A native of New Orleans, 

Miss Carlisle attended school in Switzerland and later in 
Paris, where she also studied , voice and piano. She now makes her home in New York. 

She is the' mother of two 

 children, Cathy and Chris- topher Hart. 

Airline 
Receives 
Subpoena 

Braniff Airways has been 

 subpoenaed by a federal grand jury here lo appear April 23 and bring documents concern- ing Us transfer at passengers. 

The airline has been ordered 

 to provide information on its 
"transfer of passengers when the transfer is caused by (he inability to perform scheduled service." 

Brauiff has bcun requested lo 

 produce records regarding passenger transfers between 
"Dallas-Port Worth, Houston or San Antonio, respectively" from l%7 lo 1972. 

A arand jury investigation of 

 air service in (lie three Texas markets has been under way for 1!) months. The h'runir jurors are scliwluled l<> ineel 
A]iril 23, 24 and 25. 

So far, llu're has nut been any 

 official milcomoof the iinihe. 

The tjraiid jury has heard 

Icslimiiny and called fur iloeumetils which illicit show • nclions Braniff and Texas In- ternal ions 1 Airlines may have 
I ilk IMI iiKiiinst 
Snuthwest 

Airlines. 

Operating only in Texas, 

Simlhwost has bcon'cnnipi<lliif> wilh Barniff anil TI for ihc three markets. 

On file in federal court here 

 are documents entitled, 

"Grand Jury llivesli|;allon of 
Braniff Airways, Inc., and 
Texas Inlernnlioniil Airlines, 
Inc." 

Ten present and former ol- 

 ficials of holli Braniff and TI have been cranlcd Immunity In con flection \vllli llicir tes- timony. 

Kcdernl anlttrust prosecutors 

 from Washington, D.C., nre nsslsthiK Ilic Krnnil jurors In llu'lr (irohc. 

Pag« 1o-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Hope: The Eternal Life 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

HARDWAR, India — Great masses of In- 

 dians streamed into this riverside city Sa- turday to bathe in the sacred Ganges. 

They hoped to reap a Hindu promise of denial life made 

 only once every 12 years when tho stars say it's lime. 

Gnarled old holy men, wrinkled villagers taking time 

 off from the farm and fresh young mothers with tlreir chil- dren mixed with a grotesque variety of beggars, saints, frauds and merchants in a fantastic milling crowd blotted against the riverbank. 

Authorities in Hardwar, 12o miles northeast of New Delhi. 

 estimated 3>,$ million persons were drawn to the sacred site by 
Hindu legend that says a holy Ganges dip this weekend washes away sins and opens the gate to heaven. 

Dut us the spectacle unfolded and huge masses surged to- 

 ward the bank for a bath no one among llic more than 1o,ooo iwlicemcn controlling the crawls really knew how many faithful were in the city. 

They were everywhere. Families spread tltcirbedrollsnnd 

 set up camps along the beggarllnod streets, At night, thou- sands of miniature Indian camp fires dolled (he landscape. 

The lucky moved into tenls erected by the authorities of 

Ultar Pradesh State. The unlucky curled up (or tho night in the dust, a rock and a turban for a pillow. 

Ancient legend says Ilio gods spilled life-giving noctar from 

 a pitcher here as (hey fled demons. Wlien Jupiter enters 
Kumbh on the zodiac — and this Is the time — drops of the nectar rise to the surface of the Ganges and work tlieir mir- acles on bathers, the legend adds. 

Masses on the Ganges 

Indians line the Ganges River at Hardwar in India's 
Himalayan foothills Saturday to bathe in the sacred river. — AP Wirephofo. 

 have of theirs 

If you have a currently valid American Express. Diners Club, Carle Blanche. Master 
Charge. BankAmericard or a charge card from Sears or Wards, briny it lo the now 
San Antonio Penneys. '[in 35 soum AND MILITAIY DR.J 

We can help you gel a .ICPenncy Charge Card. A Charge Card, by Ihe v/ay, that's cjood in more than 17oo stores coast-to-coast and in Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico, loo. 

So come and see us now, and take advantage of all Ihe exciting sales and special buys we've planned for tho-wooks and months ahead. 

And don't forget your JCPcnney Charge Card when you go vacationing. 

JCPenney 

Red Critics 
Sloughed Off 

ASSOCIATED PSES5 
__, 
^-, 
-j 

MOSCOW - RUS- Laster retea 

 sian Christians early — 
Sunday were celebrat- By Russians 
\ne the Resurrection 
J ing the Resurrection with rich, emotion- aden pageantry. 
They ignored the (huiider- ngs of tin; Soviet, press against eligion and Easter, marking he rising of Christ. 

In a land wliere religion is 

 barely tolerated, believers 

 crowded into Moscow's four 

 dozen working churclies Satur- day night for the 1o-lwnr Eas- ter Eve Orthodox services. 

At midnight, tire bells pealed, 

 candles were lit, and bearded priests in jeweled garments, bearing incense and icons, led processions three times around their churches, symbolizing the search for Christ's body in the sepnlcher. 

Finally the closed doors were 

 flung open with cries of "Clirisl ias ] isen." 

Outside the churches, crowds 

 of curious onlookers held back by police lines strained for a look at the celebrations. 

A message from Patriarch 

Pimcn, head of the Russian Or- thodox Church, was read at Ihe services, calling on all people 
"to live in peace, brotherhood 
Spassky 
Defeats 
Karpov 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

LENINGRAD 
- 

Boris Spassky defeat- ed Anatoly Karpov Sa- turday to take a 1-o lead in their semifinal chess match of the 
World 
Challengers 

 tournament. 

Spassky. seeking another slim 

 nl the world champions!]!]) lie lost to American Rolihy Fis- cher, forced the 22-year-old 
Karpov lo resign on Hi" GUI: move. 

Tlie crime w;is adjourned Fri- 

 day nielli after •!! moves with 
Spassky, playing black, in a po- sition the <;x]x?rlh said shuulil win. 

Karpov carried on a na 

 struggle Saturday before giving up. 

The second game is sched- 

 uled for Monday with Spassky playing while. 

In the other semifinal played 

 in 
Odessa, Vikior 
Korctinni 

 maled Tigran I'elnisfan nn the 
Mill move IIP lake a Ml lead. 

They tueel again Miuulay 

 with I'elrnsian playing while. 

In each of the semifinals, llie 

 first man In win four games ad- vances inlo the final mrilcli thi:- fall. 

Chinese Guests 

LOS ANCiLl.l!. I I W L S SLRVICL 
NKW YOUK — China's vice 

 premier. Tcng Hsiao-ping, anil cither memhurs of Peking's delegation lo the United Nations will be dinner guc.sls of Sccrc lary of State Henry Kissinger 
Sunday nighl. 

 and love, in tlic joys of blessed toll." 

The stnlenicnt said he was 

 liappy to see tlw "blessed Iruit" of detente and "the continuing ' efforts of people of good will to preserve and consolidate world peace." 

On 
Saturday, old women J 

 trudged through Hie snow-* 

 covered 
Moscow streets lo.- 

 church to receive blessings for their "kulich" — a traditional spice cake, "paskha" — a sweetened cheese dish, and . 

Easter eggs dyed red to 

 symbolize UK blood of Christ and the resurrection. 

The Easter season is not ac- 

 knowledged by (lie Soviet re- gime, but for the first year in recent memory, eggs with 

Christian symbolism were in large supply. 

The Soviet government has 

 sharply attacked Ihe religious observances, allhough it allows them to take place. 
Amin Jails 
An ExrWife 

LONDON OBSERVER 
. 

LONDON - Ugandan 

President !di Amin has arresled one of the three wives lie divorced last in nn Hi 

Mama Malyam, 34, has 

 licen taken tn the notorious 
Makinriyc Prison. 

Thnusands of the Ugan- 

 da leader's opponents have been killed there since lie look power in 1371. 

Relatives of the ex-wife 

 in London fear for her life. 

Radio 
Uganda an- 

 nounced lhal the arrest was made on smuggline charges. 
3 Seabee 
Officers 
Are Slain 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

MANILA - Three 

U. S. Navy Seabee of- ficers were killed by unidentified as- 

 sailants Saturday. 

The officers were inspecting 

 a security road around the 
American Subic Bay navnl base, a Navy spokesman said. 

The men were identified by ;i 

Navy spokesman at Ciilf|>ort, 
Miss., «s Cmdr. Leland II. Dob- ler, commanding officer of llic 
Naval Mobile Construction Ru- lalion 133 based at Gulfport; U. 
Charles II. Jeffries, officer in charge of a detachment nf the" 
IMnUiind Capl.T..I. Mitchell, comnmmlcr of the Mill Naval 
Construction Regiment. 

The Navy spokesman said the 

 men were assigned Inconstnic- tion uiiil.s-;;! lliy.SuWcIiiylia.se. 
A team working on tlie road was evacuated afler Ihe slwoling, the rfpokesinan said. 

The 133rd is out nf throe 

Seabee battalions with head- rpiarlers-al the Gulfjmrf. Tin; 
SfiS-man ballalion was deployed lo Hie Philippines in l-Y'lxuaiy. 

Poll: Mitterantl Can't 
Win Without a Runoff 

PARIS (A!') - An opinion 

 poll indicated Saturday Hint 
Francois Mitleraml, the Iclllsl alliance candidate, would [Kill the most voles In lire first round of tlie presidential election, hnl that most Frenchmen thought he could nol win the runoff. 

According to the |joll, Ihe first 

 inkcn 
.since tlie death of 

President George!) I'ornpldoii, 
Mltlerand would win from 38 to 
4o per cent of the votes May 5, 
(iupcnillnn on whom Ills op- ponent was. 

Hut the poll Mid Hint french- 

 men thought that eltlter of tlw 
Ciaulllst-urleiited cindid.-ites. 
.lacqur.s Chaban-IWmas or 

Valcry 
(ilscard d'Kslalng, 

 wonlii bent Miitormid in Ihe second round rccjiilrcd May 1!) If no candidate wins a nvi|oi!ly In 
Ihe first round. 

The poll said Unit « per cent 

 thonghl Cllficanl il'lilalni! Iwid a Ixsllcr chanci! to ivin ;i innoff thnn Mllternnd who wn« given 
1o nor cent. Jf Chrttmii-IWn™ 
.run In.Ihe rmiuff, 15 per ccnl 
Iliotighi he would win imd ,'i? |»r cent said Mlllorand wan tlm likely winner. 

They Dragged Us 
BOO Yards., Says 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

ASSOCIATED PHCSS 

EITAROUN, Lebanon - "They tied Ismail's 

 hands behind his back, and dragged us 5oo yards, then blew up our house." 

 wore Hie landlord's wife and 
- 
Ifl-year-nld 

Itawhleb Nimf Salameh, a bride nf two immlh's, luld of tin. 
Israeli retaliation raid inio l.rlKmiin Saturday. 

Jitie suid dial about 
211 

Israeli soldiers broke into her luiusi'. 

"They took my husband (Is- 

 mail Yuusef Hussein) In Israel, hill forced IMC In return when I li'icil tn follow tin-in." she said. 

Clusters 

Meanwhile, rcsidi-iils nf Hie 

 small Lebanese village of 
MnhaliL'ib clustered in main squares and inld how Hie 
Israelis retaliated there fur the 
(Jiryat Shnionah massacre. 

 tU'sidenls gathered around 

Hie bodies uf a woman mid child recovered fnini (lie nib- 
Me nf a three-slory liiinse. 

The building, the largest in 

 the village, once housed eight families. They were evacuated before being blown up, and tire landlord was taken by Israeli troops with 12 other captives. 

The dead woman ami child 

 daughter. The villagers refused to bury lire bodies, in defiance of the Moslem code which 're- quires they be buried within 2-1 hours. 

"We wanl Hie press and tlie 

 officials to cnine first and see the condition we are in," said 
(ino villager. 

3 Abducted 

Villagers of Blida said (he 

 raiding Israelis abducted three 
Lebanese, a peasant named Ali rarhat and his Iwo sous. The three were accused by the Is- raelis of aiding (he I'alcMinian guerrillas, villagers said. 

They added (hat a duster of 

 trees was set afire by falling 
Israeli shells, one house was blown up and another badly damaged. 

The village of Taybeli, home 

 lown of parliamentiary speaker 
Kaniel Assad, was raided by 5o 
(o 1oo Israeli troops, witnesses reported. Several houses were blown iif> and three persons 

 were abducted, they said. 

Bride 

Inliabilanls of Taybeh insist- 

 ed the Palestinian guerrillas lever operated in Hie village, which was attacked by (he Is- raelis for (he (irsltlme. 

The Israelis struck niter tin ce 

Arab (errorists slipped into the northern Isrueli settlement of 
Q i r y a l 
S h m o n a h early 

Thursday and killed 18 men, women and children. The ter- rorists were also killed. 

Bodies 
Sought 

Youths in the Sooth 
Lebanese village of Yarin dig under the debris of o blasted house looking for victims. Israeli forces at- tacked Saturday tn re- taliation to Thursday's guerrilla attack at 

Qiryat Shmonah. — AP 
Wirepholo. 

Israeli Jets 
Raid Syria 

ASSOCIATED I'RLSS i 

 j 
Israeli warplanes 

I went into action Salur- 
| day. on the Syrian side 
] of the Golan truce line. 
| 
II was the first such action 

\ since (he October war. 

• 
The raiders hit only our 

' hours after Israeli forces al- 

 tacked si\ [jcbane.sc villages in retaliation for Ihe (Jiryal 
Shmonah massacre. 

Syria said its groujid-lo- 

 idr missiles knocked down three 

. Israeli planes, hut nn Israeli 
, spokesman said: "No planes 

 were hit lhat we know of." 

"All in all, today was (he big- 

; gest day of activity with Syria 
| s I n oe t h e w a r , ' ' a 

| knowledgeable military source 
: in Tel Avivsaid. 

Strafing 

The Tel Aviv command said, 

 ils planes bombed Syrian ]x>si- lions that were providing cover for a Syrian force that crossed 
Ihe cease-fire line, tl said Hie pjanes strafed Syrian invaders on the Ml. Hcrmon range. 

The Israeli commandos blew 

 up at least 2o houses and look about 1o caplives before relum- ing lo Israel from lycbanon. tire 
Israeli commamlsaid. 

Lebanon requested a meeling 

 of Hie Uniled Nations Security 
Council lo discuss Israel's iv- 
(alialory raid. A U.N. spokes- man said the meeting probably would Ix. 
1 heldMondav. 

First Time 
Since Truce 

U.N. Secretary-General Kurt 

Waldheim siiid he "deeply de- plores" the raids, which he said 
"may adversely affect (he ef- forts under way to reach a just and lasting settlement in (he 
Middle East." 

Dayan 

Israeli 
Defense 
Minister 

Moslic Dayan said tlie Israeli raiders were careful not to harm Lebanese civilians and any deaths were unintentional. 

Dayan said the incursion into 

 the villages, all wilhin Iwo miles of (he bolder, was a "political action" to warn the Lebanese government lo curb Arab 

 guerrillas and prevent tcrrarist actions such as the killing of IS 
Israelis in the Ixjnler lown of 
Qiryal Shmonah on Thursday. 

In Washington, Syria's mili- 

 tary intelligence chief, Brig. 
(Jen. Ilikmal Cliehabi, gave 
Secretary nf Slate Henry A. Kis- singer proposals anil a map fur disengagement of forces with 
Israel in the Golan Heights. Nil details were amiciunecd. 

"The Uniled Slales will con- 

 tinue ils (.'[furls to briny (lie two sides logelher," Kissinger told newsmen, "and it continues to consider a disengagement be- tween Syrian and Israeli forces the primary objective lo be achieved in the Middle Hist right now." 

U*S. Gets Set 
For Suez Sweep 

ASSOCIATEO PKESS 

CAIRO (AP) - Six- 

 teen American mili- tary aircraft were due in Cairo this weekend. 

They arc lo bring In supplies, 

 ei|iiipnu'ii[ and personnel In sweep minrs fruin (lie Sue/; 
Canal. 

Rear Atlni. lirian MtCaulcy, 

 the 51-year-old chief of the op- 
I'ralion, expects 
I he 
Uniled 

Stales' part (if the o|H'raliim lo get under way in Iwo or Hirer weeks. 

It will take another three lo 

 five weeks to sweep Hie canal of mines and make a shadow jjraf. using sonar, !o locale and mark 

 fBe Kind 
To Soviets' 

LONDON OHiCRVER 

1'AHIK - 
President 

Nixotl repnrledly has asked 
Wesl (ionium ChiiHCpllur 
Willy lir'andt In deliver a message I" 
I'residenl Anwar Sadal. 

In f f f e c l , I hit sources 

 repnrled, Hie message says: "lie n litlle nicer lo 
Hie Russians." 

Urandl Is due lo visit 

Kgypl laid1 this iinmlli. 

Nixon supposedly niiiile 

 tin; eminent when ho met 
Hraiidl nl Hie memorial service In Purls far Krench 

Planes Due 

In Cairo 

 all underwater olislaclcs along the waterway. 

Then begins (he most delicate 

 and difficult work of inspecting each underwater obstacle,-iden- tifying it, and either removing il or blowing it up. He estimates il may take nine moullis lo a year 
(o remove all (he Iximhs. shells, pianos and tanks, enabling 

 the canal lo l>c reopened. 

British Hoyal Navy iini(s. 

 which anived in 1'ort Said las! 
.Sunday, were busy (his week- end clearing Hie harlxir aiva al the noilhern end of the canal. 
Hoyal Navy sources said Hie unils had exploded one iindenH- fled object. 

Involvement 

The U.S. i>pera(lnn will in- 

 volve bringing In a dnnon s[w- cially equipped mine-sweeping helicopters aboard (he aircraft carrier Iwo .lima toward (he end of (he nuinlh, iinval sources said, 

The Iwo .lima (hen will an- 

 chor off 1'ort .Srild and Hie oper- ation — cosling nlxHit $2o mil- lion — will begin. A land base is to he established nl Ismailla, about half wny nlong (he canal, lo facilitate helicopter <>|»T- alhinsfai'lhersnulh. 

Final authority from Presl- 

 dcnl Nixon for American nulls to liL'lp sweep the canal anil provide leclinlcnl ndvlcc nnd trnlnlni; of Kgyptlans for re- moval of imoxplodcd iiillllniy linnlwiiix! wan iiiinminced lust 
Tlnirsilay. 

Penneys for fashions. 
Penneys for furniture. 
^^^^^_ tfr 
^_ 
_ a 

Penneys 
Penneys 

Penneys 
Penneys 
Penneys 
Penneys 

 nneys 

 for tires, for records, for carpeting, for stereo, for paint. for housewares for television, for fabrics, for lawn and 

Grand Opening, 
Wednesday, May 1st. 
The big, new JCPenney in the South Park Mall 
Shopping Center. 

(Ill 35 SOUTH AND MILIIAIV DR.) 

Everything you expected, much more you didn't, al Hie big, now JCPenney in the South Park Mall Shopping Center. It's really a brand new shopping experience. There's easy one-stop shopping convenience in our many now departments. Stationery. Records and tapes. Personal care needs. 
Luggage. And fashions for all the family. Housewares, small appliances, television, stereo, radios. Lawn and garden needs. Even a Beauty Salon. 
And, for your convenience, a Coffee Shop. Phis a complete Auto Center with tires, batteries, and an expert repair service. 

JCPenney 

Pog« 12-A 
Stm Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Nixon's Tax 
Report On Sale 

WASHINGTON <AP) -"Ex- 

 amination of President Nixon's 
Tax nelurns For 1969 T5ironeli 
1972," the Senate-House Inter- nal. Revenue Taxation Com- tnilteo staffs i.OCB-page report, 
Is being sold by the 'Govern- ment Printing Office for Sfi.5o a. copy. 

U Is available at the office's 

 booksjores in 
Washington, 

, Cleveland, Birmingham, Ala., 

San Francisco, I/>s Angeles, 
Denver, Atlanta, Chicago, Bos- 

• ton, Kansas City, New York, 

Canton, Ohio,-Dallas, Detroit. 
Philadelphia, Seattle, 
'Mil- 

 waukee, and Pueblo. Colo. 

An office representative said 

5,ooo copies have been ordered, and the first 1,ooo wore dis- tributed to the stores across tlio country. He said lie had no im- mediate figures on sales thus far around tlie country bul lie would guess U is selling rela- tively well. 

The book which includes tlse 

 staff's findings plus copies of documents and maps also can be purchased by writing to Hie 
Public Documents Department. 
Government 
Printing Office, 

Washington, P.C., 2o1o1, and in- cluding a check or money order payable to the Superintendent of Documents. 

FOR SALE 

Spanish home in Westwood Village. Cedar fence surrounds this 3 bdrm., 3 bath family home. 
Dining room, 25oo sq. ft. of living area, large den is 2ox26, 2ox2o double carport, sewing room, 18x2o covered patio with BBQ pit; in addition, 2 story, 2 bdrm. apartment as part of the house. 26x26 sundeck with lovely view of the city. 3ox65 basketball court. 
$3o,ooo or make offer! 

IvyStrader 
MOFFETT LUMBER CO. 
Calvin Galm 

736-339o 
432-7881 
674-3118 

Spring Filters Through 

It's spring in Washington and the White House Rose Garden is abloom with flowering cr'abapple trees. The sun's rays are accented with a special effects filter over the camera lens in this view of Ihe Executive Mansion. —AP Wirephoto 

Sears sale! women's and children's fabric oxfords.. .your old favorites priced to please 

Regular $3.49 

Make sure your feet are ready for summertime fun in washable fabric casuals. Big on action, big on wear at a very small price. With rugged cotton duck uppers, rubber soles and cushioned insoles. Tn white, or navy. Women's sizes : 
5-1oM; children's 81/2-3M 

 sale! men's and boys' feature packed gym shoes 

Take a look at llic features . . . llien take, a look at llie price! 
Slip-resistant rubber soles sport rugged cotton duck uppers. The insole is cushioned and so is the arch support. Washable? Of course. In black, navy or black/ wbitc. Men's sizes 7'/$-ll, 12; toys' 3^-7. 

CJUIU;K IT 

 on .SiMrii Involving Charge 

Sale Prices in effect thru April 17th 

 the shoe place 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money liacti 

Downtown Pliu Store 

So I rdid m Nivarro 

Mo». and Than. 9.3o-9 
All Olher D.yi 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store 

 al I'lcisanton lid. 

Man. Ih'ru Sat. 

Central Purk Store 

Sin ftito it Loop 41o 

MOP. ihruSal, 

9<3o-9 

Minis, in ii.niuiAMX.il. 

Debate Erupts 
Over Vietnam 

Support 

1C) NEW VOKK TIMES SEKVICE 

WASHINGTON - A 

 year after tlie 

.vitlidnuval of the 

American troops from 
South Vietnam a new debate has erupted between the Nixon ad- ministration and 

Congress. 

11 is over Ihe extent of the 

\ineriean Commitment lo sup- icrl Ihe Saigon government. 

In some ways it is a replay, 

 in more muled tones, oF (he lebatc thai raged when Ihe 
Juitcd Stales was involved nilitarily in Hie Vietnam War. 
Tile opposing sides are much lie same, with llu 
1 adminislra- 

 ion arrayed against emigres- sional doves, who had been iirgdy quiescent for (tic las! vear. 

The iindcrlyini; argument:; 

 ne also much the same. The idminislnilion contends llial lie U.S. has a continuing poli- k-al and moral cnmmilnienl to nsure "sclf-dclonuination" or tlie peopk' of South Viet- latn. The cloves maintain lhal he U.S. .should he disengaging rom the political and military iroblems there, leaving I lie 
Vietnamese to reach their own 
Mlitical solutions. 

Rekindled 

The debate was rekindled by 

,111 adminisli-almn rewicsl [or in emergency S474 million increase in m i l i t a r y aid to 
South Vietnam, bringing llic total iu the current Fiscal year 
In SI I! billion. 

Reflecting a gnming desire 

 in Congress for disengagement rotu Vietnam, the House of 
:ieprr.scnlativos nnoxpcclcdly 
•ejected Hit rc-f|ucsl by a vole of 177 lo 154. In the Senate (he ipiwsition is even stronger. 

The While House, Us prestige 

.ind power on Capitol Hill weakened by (he Watergate af- 
'air. Finds itself drawn into a 
'oruign-policy battle w i t h 
Congress in which i! faces 

 il>ul)lt! ilt>tw\l. Tin1 ailimnis- 

Iralinn may try to avoid the 
Ijattk' by finding an accounting procedure permitting it to con- tinue military aiil while staying 
Lvilliin the Sl.2fi billiini ceiling iiil[«iscd by Congress. 

With tlie w i t h d r a w a l nf 

American triiups a f t e r llu; 

"arts cease-fire accords in 
Fannary, 1373. tlie principal 
American involvement in Viel- 
111111 — aside from Hie planes poised in Thailand and on arriers in the Snnlh China Sea 

— consists of m i l i t a r y and economic aid lo Hie govern- ncnl of President N'guyen Van 
Thieu. Saigon is completely lepciidenl on tlie'aiil lo provide ts armed forces with 

 everything frum ammunilinn to 

 oil and lo finance essential im- ports. 
', 

The aid. after falling 

 gradually in the wake of Ihe withdrawal, is starting^ hi increase again. For the fiscal* year that begins July I [lie •ad- ministration lias proposed %'1A billion in military and 

 economic aid — a G5 per eenl increase over t l i u amoiml 

 approved by Congress for Ihe current fiscal year. 

Peace Plan 

ASSOCIATED PSESS 

WASHINGTON - Secretary of State 

Henry A. Kissinger received a new, detailed 
Syrian proposal Saturday for a disin- 

 gagcment of forces with Israel in the Goal 
Heights. 

"It was a constructive at- 

 tempt on their part," lie said of (tie plan and map brought lo him by Brig. C!en. Ilikmat 
(Jhehabi, the Syrian military iiHelligencectiicf. 

Kissinger will go to tlie 

Middle Easl around April 25 lo try lo bridge the 

 differences between the 

Syrian proposal and the one presented lo him March 3o by Israeli Defense Minister 
Moslu*Dayan. 

Will Continue 

"The United Status will 

 continue its efforts lo bring the two sides together," the secretary told newsmen, 

"and it continues to consider disengagement between 

Syrian and Israeli forces tlie. primary objective to lx> 

 achieved In HIP Middle Easl right now." 

Kissinger, who saw 

Choh.nbi three limes, added: 
"t believe the lalk-s we had here this weekend have 

 furthered this effort." 

The secretary also 

 discussed the pros|>ects for d i s e n g a g e m e n t with 

Egyptian Foreign Minister 
Ismail r.ihtny and over 

 lunch with Soviet Foreign 
M i n i s t e r 
Andrei 
A. 

Gromyko. 

Fighting 

As Kissinger pursued his 

 diplomacy, 
Israel sent 

 warplanes against Syria for the second time since the 
October war. According lo 
Tel Aviv, die planes hit an invading Syrian foi'ce thai hail infiltrated the Ckilan 

Heights truce line. 

Adding lu the somber 

 backdrop, (he Syrian slate- controlled television charged 
Kissinger with paying 

 attention only to "superficial details" rather than Ihe basic issue of Israeli 

 withdrawal from former 

Arab lands. 

And Tass, the Soviet news 

 agency, allribulrd tensions in Ihe area lo" Israel's ruling circles and 
Ihe external 

 forces backing it." 

Shultz Says Freeze 
Forced Resignation 

WASHINGTON POSt StRVlCL 
WASHINGTON — 

President 
Nixon's 

 decision to freeze 

 prices'a second time last June 13 triggered the resignation of 

Treasury Secretary 
George P. Shultz, he revealed in a wide- ranging interview, Sa- turday. 

Slniltx. who said he "didn't 

 agree at all" with llial step, went to the President "tlie ne.xt day" and .submitted his resig- nation. 

Hut the President, facing an 

 imminent visil from Soviet 
Party leader Leonid Brezhnev on trade matters, persuaded 
Shiilt/. to delay his decision long enough to wind down con- trols. 

"So I did," Shulu recalled, 

"I ninlled ahniit Dial fnr<|iiilc a while . . . and I just didn'l take any interviews because 
I 

 didn't want In IK; in a position of giving a fudging answer." 

Resignation 

Hut he indicated that his 

 mind was made up lhat "at scimc time in Ihe not too distant future, I ought lo leave." The formal resignation Idler went lo Die President early this year. 

In rctrnspcct, ShulU said 

 with a broad grin In Ms treasury office, Dm freeze was n "grcal thing. It was so bat! 

• thai even Die most linrdcnct advocates of freezes rind con trols could see lhat Dicre were limitations on what yon coulc accomplish by thai means. 

'"Hint's UK; reason," lie con 

 tinned, "why there Is such ; lack of political support for ex lending Ihe program." 

Asked who was HID winner in 

 the argument ho had lost .will tlio President, EliuU/. lilamci 
Senate Democrat!* who las year proposed n 8o-day freeze 
'Thai lual invllcs everybody t 

 lush up everything a tasl as hey can . . . and 1 think if yon 
.•an sny 'who won', Ihe Senate 
Democrats w o n , I guess, iiecanse that seemed to be what 
[hey wanted." 

On other lollies, Shiillx. who 

 will retire as secretary early 

 l month: 

Topics 

Implied (hat President 

Nixon himself will lake a greater role in riiniiint; 

 economic pnlicy. with (he new 
Secretary of the Treasury- reportedly William K. Simon — 
"as the scninr person" nil the economic team. 

> Hevealed that forthcoming 

 statistics on the Gross National 
Product will show "we've had a very bad first quarter, which I think is righting ilself." This will create a "danger" thai the administralioii will be pres- sured "lo sorl of cut and run and bust tlie budget," a ten- dency which should he resisted, lie said. 

• 
Acknowledged that the 

 threats of recession "are never over," bul "I'm more con- vinced now than, say, a couple of month?, ago" that there will not ho a widespread decline of economic activity. 

• lixpccls a "healthy and 

 constructive" lone to labor- management negotiations in mosl scclors of llic economy, despite Die rapid increase hi 
Inflation, which lie labeled 
"unsatisfactory." 
. 

• Prcdicled the Senate would 

 eventually pass llic bill for-nld directed to poor countries through the world bank's soil- loan agency, Inlcrnatlonal 
Development Agency IDA). 

• Forecast a furlher decline 

 ill world oil prices, but not hack lo earlier levels, 

Praises Nixon 

SIiulU, who Indicated lie 

 would not lie adverse to n business career U 11 give him 
(he flexibility for nii'occnslntmt 
(urn at academic lite or further governmental Involvement, 

GROUCH SIHJI.TZ 
...opposed frro/e 

 caves with high praise for 
'resident Nixon, despite his lisagreeinenl over Ihe second free/e. 

 lie predicated thai the. 

'resident would complete Ihe inal 2 1/2 years of his lor ill, ind saw no undesirable effect on llic nation's economic health 
— as charged by some — it liu slavs In office. 

"My judgment is that ho 

 calls Die .shots quite well, darn well," Shultz said. As mi example, lie reported thai Micro had been » meeting a few weeks ago lo consider whether a tax cut would lio appropriate lo stimulate Ihe economy. 

"It is In some ways nn ;il- 

 tractive.' pain lo follow," Khullx said. "And il Is miieli Inughei- 
In follow the palti nf saying, 
'No, we're going to optio.su 
Unit.' And wo discussed It In great delnll and when wo got through, tlio President was very clear In his decision mi wltal np.r stnnco would bo. AuU 
I did testify before llio Scnnlo 
Finance Commitlcc, oppoaln;: nlaxcul." 

Ot\i ftom HAltOHAL WtAIHEH SfWCt 

NOAA, U.S. Oeul.1 ol Commerce 

9o 
High Tempcralurei Expected 
For Day rime Sunday 

SAN ANTONIO ADO V I C I N I T Y - 

Ccc'er Sunday nighl and Uontfov, lair ihrouan Monday. Southerly wind* 6 1o 16 mpl shilling early Sunday, High Sunday irv ire mid Ete after o Solurdav night 'ow i-\ ihe rnld ite. Monday's hlon ihaUd be in Ihe uTDtr 7oi olfcr o SundOv fiXl^l *oN 
.n ihe LDDtr 4oi. Sunrise 7:o? a.m. i«ls 
S u m . fAoon is in last auaMer 
Rises a1 

} 19 a.m.. itli al 1:o? p.m. 
[ National 

 v/eouitr Service Forecuii). 

PRECIPITATION — Tolal rninta'l for 

 me ooii ?J noun, no'-.e; lor ihe monrn. 
.il o! on Inch; lor tjie veor. 2.8S inthes. 
Atti-rr.ulared derxirture from nturr.al lor 
Ihe flicnlh, mingi .41 &' QT inch; lc< l.'io y e a r , minus 3 36 inches 

RELATIVE HUMIDITY — $S por cent 

NORTH CENT HAL AND NORTHEAST 

TEXAS — Fair rhrauc* Mc-rTav 

NORTHWEST TEXAS - 
PC r ihfou^ 

. 
SOUTH AND SOUTHEAST T E X A S - 

'.VEST 1 L X A S - 
Fair Ihrcugh rV.cn- 

 dov. 
' NATIONAL — Overtoil iMei in. Ihe 
1 casern F'laini vrl'l exrenrl mlo areas of 
Mho.ve.rs ar-tJ rhgnder showers Irom Ihe 

 ihe central Grfot Lakes lo Irie Corel-no cooilv Oo jdv sxies \v!n txle^fl inland otrois the Pacilic N orifices!. Temccra- 
1urci V.MI be warmer Irom most o1 Ihe 
P'.oins lo Hie Pat ilk Cecil or.fl ine 
Aticnhc Coctlal artas. 

MARINE 

COASTAL WLfJDE, - 
NoithwesltfIv 

 w,ndi \l to 11 mph Sunday bccomimi nortSp/l/ S-_ndoy r»:ghf end /.'.Of-tfoy. 

TIDES — y/onday — ArtmiQt Poji: 

High ol 1?:16 D.m , low al J:o7 a m. 

Porl hol*l: High al 1J.?i pm , lc,v cl 

3:o? t m. 

Highest, 93 degrees al rY.lncra! v/ei:i. 

Lcv,ei'. fltkg-cfrs ol Gc'lun, N.M. 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 

Son Anlcnio 
67 
?} 
.1-5 

SOUTH T E X A S 

AU^!^ it 
6? 
.oo 

 ficeville 
TJ ji 
^f, 

Bro^nsvilic 
72 w 
C5 

CO*fl'js Cr-riir. n 
T) 
oo 

^o1*;o i? 
93 
.oo 
Del Rto 
57 
9; 
.oo 

J-nclitm 
Ji 
9J 
.CO 
. K-ngivi!le 
7o 
S3 
.o3 

VidtX-a 
73 
36 

T E X A S 

Asjiler.e 
53 

A'cine 
17 

ATXI-I-'O 
.13 

ChildProof 
Pill Bottles 
Are A Must 

ASSOCIATED PREbb 

WASHINGTON - If 

 they aren't already, some 
55,ooo retail 

 pharmacists will have 
.to put most oral 

 prescription drugs in child-proof container starting Tuesday. 

The federal requirement 

.designed to reduce the esti 
•'malcil 5oo.ooo accidental jioi soilings from ;ill sources tlti kill up to 5oo preschoolers ev cry year. 

The sometimes tricky bonk 

 c;ips won'l be miindiitory. Imu ever, for nitroglycerine anil iso 

. sorbine dinilrate, drugs used b. 

 liearl patients wbo may nee them<|iiickly. 

Anil the requircnienl iuis liee 

* slaved for oral contraceptives v'wylliruniyrino." anhydrou 
. 'dinlcslyraiiiine and |int:i.sshin 
\ supplements in effer\~escen 
Miihlcs while Ihe ynvernmen 
. considers propnsals to illieni poniianenlly. 
I 

Little Danger 

- • Those drugs generally ; 
! j (Ulle danger of iwisonlng and, in 
"•Ihe case of birth cotilrol pills 

 eliild-reisliint |«ckaging ivoiilr foul tip the calendar built inl< the container, accordins li manufacturers. 

Paticnls mnylcpnllyiisk ilwl 

 p ha r m a c i s t t o u s i 

.noncomplying pill bottles, fo instance, if they suffer from r handicap which would mnkc 

,.planing Ihe child-proof contain 
. ers difficult, if no small 
.jircn are al home or if llicy dim' 
-.like Ihe .inconvenience. 

About 1o,ooo children unite 

 nge S accidentally swallow pre scriplion drugs every year 
About 1.23o children were sen to Ihe hospital in 1972 and a least 5fi died, according lo UK 
U.S. Consumer Product aifetv 
Commission. 

Responsibility 

The commission look over re 

 sponsibllily for poltcii>g the Po soiling Prcvcnllon Packagln 
Act (rom Ihe l-'oml and Dm 

'••Adminlstrallonlaslyear. 
: AlKinl 1.ooo volunteer wives, college sludcnts anil it itired persons have licen clioc-k liiK supermarkets, drug Mori 

.,; and other retail ('.slabllshmenl 
";for coinpllniifc willi f«1 prnl | 

•• BOH preventlnn piickiiRlDK ix 
.fi(|iilrciiientK ntrciidy In 
(..•.They cover ii»|>lrln nml ll'inl 
^.furniture |Killsh conlalnlni; 

• 'kiist 1o per cenl tnlncrnl oil o 

 pL'trulciimdlsllllales. 

T F X A S WEATHER 

Forecails ol a Glance 

Forec.o\i Temp.R 

 rilk} 
Mon. Tuei. 
33.55 
J3-7o 

 o'r, worm 

. 

 s Chrisli 

Fo'.i. caok 

61 i! 
J 7 9 3 

 r 
7188 
59 7ft 

Fair, ccoltr 

Doi:as For] Worlh i? 76 
JS-J2 

Foir. too'tr 

McAllcn- Brownsville 
7o9o 6J-81 

CiOtxlv, cool 

Houston 
7o83 
54 7S 

/^iW. worm 

El Polo 
<Q 
83 

Fcrl Wwin 
6J 
93 

>S1o-. 
71 
81 

Lubtwch 
41 
7o 

1-Ulhln 
71 
5o 

San ArgelD 
5] 
5o 

Wo:o 
7o- gs 

SOUTHWEST 

Denvfr 
J3 j; 

Los Vegas 
J8 
£6 

Los Ar.go'eb 
55 
83 

Phoenix 
63 
E2 

Sail Love Cilv 
33 
Ji 

SOUTH CENTRAL 

'iOSCilY 
J] 
63 

LouKvillr 
SI 
79 

 f/-emahii 
S! 
76 

Hohonia CM/ 
51 
81 

. Louis 
57 
EO 

>nlo 
M 

 irlMlsn ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'. a ksciwlIT 
69 

^ Orleans 
67 

 e.gh i9 

 l-mand 
6o 

NORTHWEST 

BismarcV 
J2 

SAN ANTONIO 

PRECIPITATION 

April 
May 

Sepl. 
OCI. 
Nov. 
Dec. 

Jan. 
Feb. 
Mar. 
April 

1M4 

£.91 
1.5S 

1.34 
o,o i 
o.14 
CJI 

Ave. 
Rec. 

Ill 
11.14 

3.41 11.o7 
?.fS 
1o.44 

7.3* t.4? 

3.19 IS.7I 
J.5o 9.S4 
1.37 
6 7 9 

1.7J t.11 

Av«. Rec. 

1.74 
I.H 

1 6S 
7.11 

1.67 
4.IS. 

3.» 
1144 

Iw 
1o 
S7 

Coiper 
12 
35 

Icicna 
Jl 
49 

•"orltoivs. Ore 
51 
(/ 

Son Fior.tfsco 
59 
76 

....• 
37 
64 

29 
5i 

NORTH CENTRAL 

Chicago 
M 
7o 

" 
5? 
76 

51 
73 

 f/Jr.n-SI. Poul. 

 ill. Slc.'fXarie 

N 
RTHEAST 

....... 

Buffalo ...... 
Clfve'and . . . 
Columbus ... 
Ne,v York City 
Philadetohla. . 
PiUsburo ..... 

 ap-jlco ..... 

' 

.. SB 

MEXICO 

...... 

Athens 
...... 

Auckland ____ 
Berlin 
....... 

Birrn'nghani 
Brvsieis ..... 
Coiro...' ..... 
Cosob'onca . 
CcMnfcagen. 
Dublin ....... 
Gcrcvo 
Hc-.g Kong 
Lisbon 
London 

New Delhi.. 
Nice 
OHo 

.oo 
.12 
.oo 

54 
,69 
74 
1o 
74 

Weather 
Outlook 
Is Good 

' 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Generally fair 

 weather over the state for Easter, except for some showers that may linger over East 
Texas, has been 

 forecast. 

Il will be chilly, however. 
Strong winds arose in West 

Texas Saturday and travelers warnings were issued for the mountain passes of Tar West 
Texas bocniiseof Die fusts. 

Winds 

The wind kicked upthisl over 

 nuch of the Soulh Plains—suf- idem to cause Texas- A&M and 
Texas Tech to postpone their 
>aseball game at I.ubbock. 

The Weather Service issued a 

 ornado watcli in early after- noon for Bowie and Red River counties in Northeast Texas. 

The watch, which also warn- d of possible hail, high winds 

 and thunderstorms, was to ex- pire at 1op.m. 

The main tornado watch area 

 vas in southern Missouri, Ar- kansas and extreme east Okla- homa. 

Scigon 
SCIKJ 
Slockhalm.. 
Sydney 
Tniotl 
Icl Aviv 
Tokyo 
Tu-Ji 

 biervorlons loktn ol 6 
Son Antonio tlmo.J 

44 ParHv ckjjd/ 
53 Clear 
54 CJgudv 
63 Cteudj 
54 Porlly clovdv 
44 Clear 
43 ClovdY 
53 Creor 
91 Clear 
59 Cloud* 
4B Cleor i5 Cloudy 
«1 Clear 
73 Porllv croirtj/ 
55 Cloudy 
J4 Claudv 
54 Claudv 
66 Clear 
7o Hall 
34 Cloudy 

.... 1M Clear 

41 PaMlv clovd/ 
J4 Clear 
S? creor 
59 Clear 
59 Clcudv 
84 Crcudv 
63 Roln 
J3 Porllv ( 
41 Clear 
77 Cloudy 
75 Hole 
63 Partly clouaV 
56 Drinlc 
5? Clovdv 
45 Clccr 

 ro-jdv 

Til AMERICA 

7o Clear 
75 Clear 
61 Fog 

Asuncion — 
Uuenos Aires 
Lima 

^3 Clear 

RSOdc Janeiro 
79 Parllv c 

A White 
Easter 
In West 

ASSOCIATRD PRESS 

Snow piled up in the 

West Saturday while rain soaked the South. 

Fifteen inches of snow fell 

 around. Meclectsc, Wyu.. after a heavy fall Friday. An iimi- nuilation of >12 inches of snow covered much of the town and more was predicted for Sunday. 

Heavy snow warnings, trav- 

 eler advisories and slockmen's warnings were issued for parts of Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, the Dakotasand Montana. 

Some 15 inches of snow cov- 

 ered foothills in ttic Denver area. 

Heavy rains continued to fal 

 over portions of the South and a tornado watch was issued for parts of Missouri, c-enlral and southern Illinois.. Arkansas, 
Oklahoma and Texas. 

We have Blllova 
Accutron9 watches for men and women. 

Now bolh sexes can enjoy Iho dependabilily and precision ol Bulova Acculfon. Every contemporary slyle has Ihe famous tuning fork movement that guarantees accuracy lo within a minuts a month.* Synchronize your Acculron watches and have a beautiful time together. From 595 lo S15oo. 

SS: 

«. S»lt|> iccond llmtnf wllh (nil numnl dul. »11S. 
I. BtlillluMy Kulflund In HK »lld loM. t)M. 
C. Turl,i[ (oik llni tlyttd In >l! llilnlllt ilid. till. 
o. Waod giiln Institi on i icTdton* cue jnd diar. $2oo. 

 t, Prtitlie djy/djt* (InepLeci wilh Accutron iirntior bind. I f. Tjpeied bncelal model with t'lided ln-pe dill, f ISO. t. Spoil? Clltndjl «i»kh vtilh hlf(illtd link blKl!(l. 

In itilnltit uttl. flil. Cdd» flow finlih. (II). 

•yvt will tdiull to IMl IgliNlKt. II Itciltiof. Gulllnlet II lot or.t fill jiEir. 

Texas Greatest 

4 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

• DOWNTOWN GMttf H.I.I 
7U4o71 

• NORTHSIDt WM4«M 
7U4i54 

• SOUTHSIBE Skfftrs City Mill 
M4-U4I 

• SOUTHSIDE SMtti Pwk UMI 
: «4-5417 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sundoy, April M, 1974 
H 
Pagi 13-A 

 fEfiVE COUPON Jata€cnve COUPON }at.a<cnvE COUPON 

Oiw Uiuol 1), 

45" ACETAT! TAKTTA 

69« 

Full kolU, llrtl 
. 

Wide range ol popular 
<olor>. 1oo% acalau, 
Many Hiring uttl. yd. 

INFANTS' UNDERSHIRTS 

Irr.tularl. lap, 

 ihovhUr, and tie lldl, 
Cation knit. 
5h«rl ilttv.i. Sliti 3 1o 3o monlhl. Llmll 4. 
3o 

Ogr Ulull 59' 

MEN'S SOCKS 

Pint quality and 

Irregulars. 1oo% yl*n, 
Slie.1o-r3.Lfm1r6. 38 

 e/tVE COUPON fata (ewe COUPON fata$E*ve COUPON 

Our Uiual«6, and 
$1.o7 

KNITTING YARN 

Wool or acrylic. 4 o1. 4 ply. ikelni. Whlio, 

 black, and poputar colon, limit 12. 
79 

I 
Sheer Nylon 

I 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 

A j 
Irregulars. Bolgorono j and Ion ton.!. Slioi (It t'/t la 11. limit 6. 

OurUiuol$1.)«...Mtg.of3 

BOYS' CREW SOCKS 

Ffnf quallly. Slrlpe 4fe f 
</> 

 r~t <o 
TTR 

 craw lotki. S!i« 
6-»Vi and 9-11. 

 eHVE COUPON 

Our Usual 37< 

"AUNT lYDIA'S" 

RUG YARN 

UPON e COUPON 

Our Ulual$1.7o end $2 

VINYL COMFORT SUPPERS 
! 
77' JERGENS 

LOTIONS 
.- ' S . 
• fcV 
I IWIl J 

?S£j;Stt 974 •I^SSSffiS *1 27 ! 6*o* BoHle 
A3 

Ion. limit 12. fm f 
I "VX? '*"' U*tir 
• 
I L*mit 2 
•• ^^ 

OtWKJMondnyA^iBU 

 g 

Our Usual 32 ... 
1oo% Pol/cilor 

ALL PURPOSE THREAD 

American 
Threads 

"Spun Dee". Whlio, black, and cotori. Siio 
5o, 225 yardi. ipool, 

Good Monday April IS 
[M| 

^ent/e COUPON 
19 

Our Usual $1.79 
CUT.'N 
1 STUFF 

POLYESTER BATTING 

 t Ib. bag. Man/ USDS. 
Compare at $1.98. Limit 
4. 
$1 

EnVE COUPON 

Ladies' and Teem1 

PANTIES AND BIKINIS 

Irrvgufflri. Nytoward oft loir. Ta'Jaredond lot* irFmmtd. S.M.L. or>d Ix to 3x. LVnitS, 4? 
$1 

LADIES' POLYESTER KNIT 
PANTS AND LONG SLEEVE 

PRINT SHIRTS 

Irregulars of values to 
' 

$7.Slies6-16.Limir2 

 pt*. 
61 

UPON 

GIRLS' NOVELTY KNIT TOPS 

JUMPERS AND BLOUSES 

Seconds of values to $4. Sizes 4.12. 

Limit 2 
68 

£fiV£ COUPON 

Our Uiual 69' 

MEN'S T-SHIRTS 

Irregulars. White only. 
S.M.l.XL. Limit 4. 
55 

12 oz. RIGHT GUARD 
SPRAY DEODORANT 

Limit 2 
$1o9 
1 

C/lVE COUPON 

MISS CLAIROL 
HAIR COLOR 

Creme Formula 
Limit 2 
97 

 fEfiVE COUPON 

DOWNTOWN ONLY 
BATHSIZE JERGENS 
DEODORANT SOAP 

Limit 7 

^P* ^ ^" 
Just a Fev 

BELOW EASTER 

CLEARANCE 
PRICES NOW!SALE! 

April IS 

 a Few of the Hundreds of Items Now on Sale at All 3 Stores l/j 

DOWNTOWN USSoledad NOHTHSIDE 7ooo Son Pedro SOUfHSIDE Mililory at Flares |j 

3ooo YDS. JUST UNPACKED..1UXURIOUS QUAUTIES..MNY COORD1N/VIES 
?! 

6o"! oo%Polyester Double Knits 

$194 
ALL FULL BOLTS, ALL FIRST QUALITY ONLY 

SOLD ELSEWHERE IN SAN ANTONIO TO $5.88 YD. 

NORTHSIDE ONLY 

Denim Double Knits $o49 
Full bolts, first quality. Compare at 15.88 yd. *r C Tj* 

Double Knit Crepe Stitch$ 188 
Full bolls, first quality. Compare ot J3.88 yd. 
I 
'• 

1I 

V TWINS 

1 AND 

N FUUS ... 

Decorator 
Bedspreads 

KINGS 

'•:?;i ,:\i:^-s:XK:,.;-.:';"--:r; •••:;• 

5o 

Ladies' & Teens' SPrin9 

 i; First quality to S I o.95. Sizes 5 lo 1 o o While, bone, navy, & red. 

;-; TICKETED $6-$7 

S15 and S9. Si 

 i:: S'M-L- 

Off 
" IADIH' HENS' AND GI81S 

$ 1 
.. / 
S.M.L. 
$>|3i 

Odd 

NEW SHIPMENTS...LADIES' AND TEENS' 
1 Spring Gowns < 174 $159^ 

359 
& BabV Ms 
I -* I 
! 
> Summer Sandals $264 flnd 
$ 

LADIES AND TEENS' ITALIAN f Famous Brand Panty Girdles . . . *2" 

Clog Bottom Sandals 
$719 "l-ong Formal Halp Slips .... *1 
69 

MULTI-FILAMENT ALL NUDE 
INFANTS' AND TODDLERS' 

Panty Hose 
38 
Spring Dresses *1 66 

' 
3 PAIR i 
•• r a 
| 
3 PAIR $1 

BIGGER SAVINGS ON MISSES' AND JUNIORS SUMMER FASHIONS 

^Dresses^kirtSets^nd Long Formals 

: OUR REG. 
$|/^ * - 4* $1- 
OURREG. 
$O5o 

) U.$15-$18.H*|(J-*]2-*]5 
$2o AND UP...^2 
Off 

J, Budget Dresses and Skirt Sets 
$5«d$7 , 

.J^SS«;«\SK^\.;»^-<S**IIBi3&'««SBS\«!i'&'fe 
I 
Men's Short Sleeve Knit Shirt Sale! 

 t 
Reg. $5.98 
I 
REG. $4.98 
I 
REG. $3.98 I 
REG. $1.98 

 j 
$5 
o91 
$4 
23 I $3 
3 81 
$] 
7 o 

 i Boys' Short Sleeve Knit Shirts 
M" \ 

KWASWisamiffiraxr^jamaT^^ 

Pog« 14-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS.NIWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Japanese on the Move as Strike Ends 

1C) NEW VORK'TIMES SERVICE 

TOKYO - Japan's biggest strike ended Sa- 

 turday afternoon. 

Transport workers got 3o per 

 cent-pay raises and the inition began to shako off the paralysis of llic three-day walkout. 

The break came around noon 

 when unions represent ing private railway workers ac- cepted an offer of $1o1.79 a month, a 3M per cent increase over current wages. 

In a compromise arranged by 

 the Central Labor Relations 

Commission, the union came down from its demand of 
$1o7.14. 

Shortly afterward, the 

 publicly owned railroad 

 workers accepted an offer of 
598.55, which was a 29.3 per cent increase over their current wages.' 

It was negotiated by the 

Public Corporation and Na- 
•lional Enterprise Labor Rela- 

 tions Commission, with the unions coming-down from !ljo!r demand of $125. 

Government railway workers 

 have traditionally been paid slightly less than private rail- way workers because their pensions ulirt other allowances are better. 

Some trains began moving 

 late Saturday afternoon, and more will be back in service 
Sunday. 

By Monday, according to 

 railway officials, the majority of commuter services and in- tercity trains, Japan's most 

 important transport, should bo close lo normal operations. 

But the famed SHInkansen 

Bullet trains that speed 

 between Tokyo and Osaka will not be hack to normal for more than a week, officials said. . 

Ruses, subways and planes 

 were moving but the backlog of mail piled up in post offices and on mail trains will proba- bly take more than a week to sort through. 

The settlements have set a 

 guideline for other settlements during the so-called spring labor offensive. 

Stceiworkors, for instance, 

 liai'o been offered $91.o7 ami shipbuilders $98.21 a monlli. 

Both raises nrc less Hum l)io 

3o per cent range of 

 settlements for the railroad workers, 

Assuming that most other 

 wage increases arc about 3o per cent of current-wages, which average $435 a month in 
Japanese industry, the impact on inflation will be considera- ble. 

Although the inflationary 

 rate has begun to show signs of slowing, wholesale prices are 

 running 35.4 pcv-cont ubovo those of (lyearnKo. 

Consumer prices arc about 26 

 per ceul higher than thoy were lust year al this lime. 

Financial authorilles here 

 contend, however, that the Im- pact will not te as severe as it might seem initially. 

They argue that many Indus- 

 tries have already raised their prices so high, anticipating the results of the spring labor settlements that they will be able to absorb the increased labor costs. 

CATALOG SHOWCASE 

APRIL IS 
DIAMOND 
MONTH, 

LOOP 41o-ONE BLOCK EAST OF NORTH STAR MALL 

I 
CABM TO 5 

MUMDWDVOF 

""* - 't^tri IN ^AR*TION*iO^^ 
MOUNT^S Jv 
1 %5r^ 
• 
• ^••^•^•^•••••^^^^^^ 

I BUY NQW FOR 

». HIS Btrt'ittDAYv 
•-ANNlVERSAFiy.' 
' 'GRADUATION . 
• FATHER'S DAYx 

FOR 

MOUNTING 

YOUR 

LOOSE DIAMONDS 

HUNDREDS OF MOUNTINGS TO SELECT FROM DURING THIS 

IOOSE DIAMOND EVENT...14K WHITE OR YEILOW 

GOLD MOUNTINGS STARTING AT $29.oo 

CUT 
VAWI 

.11 
Brilliant no.oo 
8o.oo 

Yourjpsmhaso entitles,. 

:'you to:a written' gyafipri*; 

 fee iof quality," free deari- 

 an'd "triatleVih'.'ipVlvilegef; ; 

.17 
Brilliant 
15o.oo 
IQiTOQ 

.96 
Oval i3SQ.no 
9oo.oo 

.35 
Brillianl 
1/J.OO 
125.oo 

Iliant 
2».M 

.46 
Brilliant 
35o.oo 
25o.oo 

.SO 
Brillianl 

.56 
Marquise 

2J5.oo 
15o.oo 

~i?5'co 
4S5Tflir 

.58 
Brilliant 
435.CO 
31o.oo 

.63 
Brilliant 
75o.oo 
525.oo 

.64 
Brilliant 
523.oo 
312.oo 

.75 
Brilliant 
55o.oo 
395.oo 

.91 
Pear Shape 
125o.oo 
8oo.oo 

.95 
Brilli'ont w.oo 
399.oo 

1.o3 

1.o8 

1.14 

1.25 

1.26 

1.27 

1.38 

1.41 

1.41 

1.43 

. '.7o 

1.72 

Brillianl 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Brilliant 

Pear Shape 

Emerald Cut 
CiMlinnt 

Brilliant 

11oo oo 

1o5o.oo 

12oo.oo 

133o.oo 
55o.oo 

135o.oo 

HOOOO 

1ooo.oo 

195o.oo 

35oo.oo 
35oo.oo 

15oo.oo 

699.oo 
75o.oo 
85o.oo 
95o.oo 
35o.oo 
95o.oo 
1ooo.oo 

65o.oo 
145o.oo 
25oo.oo] 
25oo.oo 
11oo.oo 

FREE-Notarized 
Appraisal o) Your 
Diamond Purchase 

For Insurance, custom*, or 

 any requirement for an authoritative valuation 

*..'!„ 

••: OUR ANTWERP BUYERS ' 

: 
; 
HAVEXbtoBEpTHE MARKET) TO ;V 

BR1N6"Y,OU.THIS TREMENtibyS; 

'-.••". SEIECTION AT FANTAStlC SAVINGS 

C*»»T 
YillGHI 

TEWS 
«BT 

FRENCH CABLE COMPANY 

1.o1 
Morquile 
7J5o.oo 
475o.oo 

2.S8 
Brilliant 
75oo.oo 
5ooo.oo 

3.85 
Pear Shape 
515ooo 35oo.oo 

4.12 fearShopa 
825o.oo 59oo.oo 

'*.21 
MarqultB 
«5o.oo 315o,oo 

BUY YOUR DIAMONDS BY 
WEIGHT-AS EXPERTS DOt 

V«ur diamond will b« wtuglind on tho !at«$t 
«l«!ronk «ale mado ejtxtcblly for tho diamond 
I rode H you wi«hr you may walch our «Kp«ri diamond itt)«r ««» your diamond whilo you wail 

4.55 
Brilliant 
2MO.OQ 

• i'vr 
•Li !;"'-:• 

 flOWN 
DIRECT 
" 

 jjg 
P«ar Shdpa mMQ 
65oo.oo 

4.8o fear Shape 
S?iO.OO 58oo.oo 

5.o4 
Brillianl 
1ooo.oo 58oo.oo 

5.71 
Brillkinr 
85oo.oH 525o.oo 

6.3o 
Brillionl 
1o,5ooo1) 715o.oo 

6.38 
Ovnl 
4ooo.oo 25oo.oo 

7.17 
Pesr Shape tiOO.M 275o.oo 

These lilts are only a few of Ihe hundreds of loose diamor.dl 

 we have during this diamond icle. We have available 

 many weights, cuts,shapes and liiei in different 

^ qualities lo suit nearly 

 i every diamond buyer 

 t regardless of their 

 budget. 

ABOVfc S«v<ral of Ih. slond- ord cult nf dl.arflondt RIGHT 
Electronic scale far prB(Ur) rrmnurs'ol dtamond weight. 

~> 
! 
* i-v 

PUat* thxk cur of 

• ; • - ; - • • - . -^. r--:,-; ••'lS'OPEN\7ip;'THiE..;o)ENE9AL'PU'BU'iCHt6M''\ 

• 
- 1of.M, TO.9:;P.M, MONDAY TH^yOKlAlUIDAY^g.y^r.^'^A 

'diamonds and mountings. We tp«- 
: cloRi* b !h» manufactur* «f mounl- 
*"*' '«' any *k« dtanswtd. ( 

SEE 
YOUR 
DIAMOND 
WEIGHT 
VERIFIED 
BY ELECTRONIC 
SCALE 

TOIUY 
CATALOG SHOWCASE 

ItYAWAY 

Last of the First 

Gordon Banks of Direct, Tex., places a bouquet of flowers on the grave of his Charolais female, 
Aronde, who died last week. According to the records of the American International Charolais As- sociation in Houston, Aronde was the first of the 
French breed to be brought into the United States, via Canada, in 1 966. — AP Wirephoto. 

 particularly anxious to prevent senior 
IRA leaders' slipping 

 across the Irish border to at- tend the Belfast rallies. 

Girls Reportedly 
Held in Ulster 

ASSOCIATED FRFSS 

BELFAST, Northern Ireland — Four 17- ear-old Roman Catholic girls were served vitli detention orders Saturday, Catholic iourcessaid. 
They reportedly Hrc suspect- 
1 of terrorism ;nul the orders lean they can be held without ial for 28 days. 
The girls were among 6o por- ons rounded up by the British army in raids in Belfast follow- ng fire bomb attacks in stores n the city's, main shopping iron, tho inforniantssald. 

Security chiefs have said tl:c risli Republican Army increas- ngly is using women guerrillas o evade the tight security net iroimd central Belfast and car- 
•y out bombing missions. 

IRA bombings have caused 

M'operty damage estimated al about S24 million in the last two weeks. 

Most of Hie oilier people 

 rounded up in the army raids, ncluding several more girls, were being held for question- ing, the sources said. 

Security forces were on alert 

 for possible violence during 
Catholic celebratons Sunday lo 
:nark the 1916 Easier uprising in Dublin. Demonstrations are planned by both the Official and 
Provisional wings of Ihe 
IRA. 

The IRA regards itself as tlic 

 true heir of the Irishmen who fought against the British in 
1916. 

The security forces, who in- 

 clude 15,5oo British troops, are 

$1 Billion 
Romanian 
Deal Eyed 

ASSGCIArLD PRE.SS 

BUCHAREST - A 

 commission agreed 

Saturday that 
$1 

 billion would be a realistic and desirable goal for trade between the United States and 
Romania. 

The new ' 
Romanian-' 

American ICconomic Commis- - sion set 1o8o as the goal for the trade to rise to that level. 

In 1973 the two-way trade.1 to- . 

 tal was $173 million. 
•; 

Tlie commission wound up ils 

 first session here under tlio cliainiiaiisliip of 
Commerce 

Secretary Frederick Dent and 
Ion Patan, Romanian minister of foreign tradp. 

START TODAY... 
LOSE WEIGHT THIS WEEK 
HUNGREX'wifh P.P.A.' 

Just take a tiny 
Hungrcx tablet before meals... and banish Ihosc hated extra pounds as you banish hunger! Why? 
Because Hungrcx is 
(he most powerful reducing aid ever released for public use without prescription! 
Suppresses hunger pangs so effectively, it actually limits the ability of your body to produce gnawing hunger sensations! Result? You don't feet hungry... down goes you calorie intake... and down goes your weight. 

LOSE WEIGHT 

.THE FIRST DAV! 
: 
Thousands now lose 

 weight who never thought 

 they could...report 

 remarkable weight losses 

 of 7...2o... even 

41 pounds in a short 

 while. So if you're tired1: 

 of half-way measures 

 and want really effective ' 

 help in reducing ' 

...send forHungrex . 

 today. Hungrcx will simply 

 amaze you! You'll be 

 slimmer next week or your, 

 money back. No 

 prescription needed. 

It's Mora Funlto be Slim! 

Sommors Drug Store 

313o1. Hmji 

^gg aSX" pr..,.^".*o;',^*e.o".GL,JHoB. 

D Send me regular 2lday supply ol Ifungrex wilh f> P A 
,*3oo lor only $3. 

D Send me economy-sire 42-iJay supply (or only $5. box of 
63tablcls 
(21 day supply) 

Name 

Address economy sl« 

«.« Jay'llpl-ly) Clllf 

D Cha/ge 

Zip 

Slalo 
Codo 

D Paymdil Enclosed 
D C.O.D, 

 f-. ,. 
_..._ 

Martians 
Have 
Landed? 

There Is an odd ball 

 in the Antoine Betz front lawn. 

Tlic U.S. Navy has looked in- 

 to the mysterious thing, and they don't liave any explana- tion. 

"Our first X-ray attempts got 

 nowhere," said CTO Chris 
Uerninger. "We're going to use a more powerful machine on it and also run spectograph tests lo determine what metal it's made of." 

According to the family, the 

25-pound sphere appeared one morning recently outside their home on Fort George Island near Jacksonville. 

Moves, Throbs 

The sphere moves strangely, 

 apparently of its own volition, and throbs as if a motor were running inside, they said. 

The sphere is a little smaller 

 ttian a bowling bull. Its surface appears similar to stainless steel. 

"there's certainly 

 something odd about it," Bcr- ninger said. 

Fearless, Dying Woman 
Wants One Last Miracle 

;-,| 

No Sexy 
Condors 
Available 

California Condors 

 have lost interest in the opposite sex. 

 the condor, N'orlh America's 

 largest soaring bird, is no longer reproducing and the crag-dwelling vultures have fallen victim to man's 

 encroachment, u biologist 

 warns. 

: 
"The population is probably 

; the lowest it's ever been. We've 

 seen very little nesting activitj and it looks pretty critical,' 
Sanfurd Wilbur, researcher (o1 the U.S. Bureau of Sporty 
Fisheries and Wildlife, sak 
Thursday. 

5o-6o Remain 

Wilbur told the Condor Ad 

 visory Committee, an inde|>en dent group of wildlife experts, that the almost-extinct "sup'er vulture' 1 population ha> 

 dwindled from liO to 
5o 

 members and no known yomu were raised last year. 

"Even under the best cir 

 cumstances, which we don' have, there arc barely CIIOIIR! condors remaining to keep Hi' population stable," he said. 

Pleistocene Relic 

Tlie condor, a relic of Hi 

Pleistocene 
Age, feed 

 exclusively on carrion, urn lives in the 53,flOII-aiTc Scspc 
Wildlife Area in the l.»s I'adrc 
National Forest around Sai 
Luis Obisno and Santa Durban counties. 

The condor, which spread 

Its wings to an awesome nin feet, is on the protected s|>edc 
.list.; 
Turnabout 
Fair Play 
At IRS 

U.S. 
Attorne; 

George Real! knows first hand now what it's like lo get eagle- eye scrutiny from the 
Internal Revenue Ser- vice. 

Benll said Saturday that he 

 had received a letter from Ihe civil audit division of tlic 1HS last Sept. 27 informing him lliat his )972 return was IwiiiR au- dited. 

At the time, lleall noted, he 

 was busy over-seeing Ihe final pluses of the probe by his of- fice and Ihe !llSln|ellipence di- vision into the finances of then- 
Vice President Spiral'. Afiiiew. 

Asked about the results of Hie 

 audit, Uoall replied: "1 ynl an additional refund of $f>7." 
Duesy Price 
For Duesy 

:A record $'2o5,oo1) WHS pnld In 
Atlnnla Saturday for a 1o21) 
OiioscnherM touring car. 
.•Waller Sptlsbury, a Now 
York Insurance man', made Hie bid, paid Hie price, nnil drove his cnr off the show rnorn flour 
In Join hl.f clusslc car collec- tion. 

Look Up! 

Youngsters fail to see an egg nestled in a tree during an Easter egg hunt for underprivileged children in Los Angeles. Youngsters pictured missed the egg, as did scores of others until a lad with his sights high found it 1o minutes later.—AP Wirephoto. 

Classical 
Streaking 
Now 'In* 

Just when you 

 bought the end of treaking, net streak- 
TS, was in sight there 
:omes word of a new wrinkle. 
. 

The 'In' streak now involves ilgh-brow siaRc attractions. 

In Milwaukee, as some 4o 

 dancers of the National Ballet 

 f Canada swirled about 

 ludolpf Nurcycv, in the title ole of "Don Juan," a male ashed naked across the slage mil into waiting getaway car. 

The show went on, but after- 

 vards Nurcyev gave.a verdict 
>n the streaker: "What a beau- ifiiI body," he said. 

Piano Streak 

In Miami, the pianist Van 

Jliburn, with 2oo members of he sold-out audience sitting on 
>tajic, was midway through an encore of 
Chopin's 

'Polonaisc"whon a man 

 streaked across the stage. 

Consummate arllst that he is, 

Jliburn did not miss a note and ilaycd more encores. 

There was no request for a 

 second look at Ihe streaker. 

'I'm not afraid of 

 dying," says 

Rosemary Sharkey, 
35, who has been told she has three months to live. 

There are no wheelchairs in 

 icaven," says the Miami woman who has been confined o a wheelchair since an au- omobilc accident in 1956 and low has a malignarit bone disease. 

She and her husband, 

William, have started a 

>rogram called "Dogs for the 
Disabled" and want to have a 

 fNo Wheelchairs in Heaven' 

He Should 
Win Something 

James Hoalright of Adams 

County, Colo., is running for slale representative, county sheriff, county coroner, county treasurer, county clerk- 

 recorder, and county commis- sioner. 

'Of course I can handle all 

 six jobs," the confident can- didate says. 

 number of kennels established for training dogs to help Hie handicapped. 

But before she dies, Mrs. 

Sbarkey says, she would like to see her dream of a multimillion dollar center for tho physically 

 and mentally haimicappec realized. 

"I believe there is one 

 miracle left in my life that wil make this all possible," sh says with a brave and hopefu smile. 

Olympic Marriage 
Ends in Divorce 
Remember Harold and o!ga Connally, the 

Olympic lovers of 1956? 

Harold wun a gold medal for the U.S. in tlie hammer throw. 

Olga competed as a Czechoslovakia!! discus thrower. They fell hi love at the Melbourne Olympics. 

At first the Czecli government said no to marriage pjans, 

 but finally relented imrter international pressure. 

They were married in 1957 and Olga became an American 

 citizen. 

Now the romance is over. In Santa Monica, Calif., they were 

 grunted a divorce on ground of irreconcilable differences. 

Earlier a restraining order was issued to slop them from 

"molesting, harassing, annoying, striking, threatening or arguing with one another." 

Wcicker 

Dean 

Home 

Eyed 

In one of the more ironic 

'ootnotes of the Watergate at' 
[air, Sen. Lowell Weickcr is negotiating to buy the home of 
Jolm Dean. 

Weicker, the Connecticut 

Republican who lias been a vocal critic of the sort of ac- tivities Dean lias admitted lo, is one of several bidders on the home Dean is leaving. 

The property is only a few 

 houses down from Weicker's current home. 

The house is located in the 

 popular Washington suburb o: 
Alexandria, Va. 
Judge's Home 
Is Bombed 

BUENOS AIRES, Argentina 

(AP) — A powerful bomb vir- tually destroyed the home of 
Judge Juan Fernando Salgado on Saturday, 

4-2.o6-4o 

' . 1o diamond bridal s«t,•••'•''?'•' 
• pollshod Jlnisti, 14K; 
! 

$I,BOQ,OO 
:.•••••.;.'> 

^."vS 

•- * : '-''t-r^'' * 'v^' • 
;- 
; ' 
• ' ^"---" 
~^ ^"^'^"T^. -, 
7 diahipbd.fcfjdo) sot, ^ 
-;'7 dfamphd cluster 

- -^.itrt *f«3LU* 1 Al/ : 
', 
''- '.'•'* >.T A'«»« '* Ji>!--" : 

USE GORDON'S CONVENIENT CREDIT TERMS: Budget Accounts • Chargo Plans 

We Accept: BanhAmcricard • Diners Club* Shoppers Charge'Master Charge • Carlo Blancho* American Express 

Gordon/ 

. IN SAN ANTONIO SHOP AT GORDON'S: 
Go1 East Houston, Dowmown • Las Palmas Shopping Contor • Plaza 

Torroll Shopping Comer • 8-12 S. W. Military Orlvo • Norlhwost Shopping Center • McCroluss Shopping City • Control Park Mall 

1974 

LA rim 

Poo* 15-A' 

CARNIVAL SALS 

Northndfc 

7375 Son Pedro 

At Rector 

1o:oo o.m. til 9:oo p.m. 

Specials Good Monday Only 

Downtown 
Southtide 

4o6 W ComKitrc,. 
423 S.W. Military 

1o:oo a.m. til 6:oo p.m. 
1 o:oo o.m. til 8:oo p.m. 

N«w thlpm«nt, 

Men's 1 oo% Poly«it«r 

DOUBLE KNIT SLACKS 

 y and lfr«gulor», 
Af but valves to il 1,oo. Solid colors, plaids', C check and fanctts. B«lt loops and som« *f berlldi models. Sties 3! to 42. 

MEN'S BOOT JEANS 

Famous Sun Francisco Makers, Made to lit 
~ 

 perfect over boots. Polyester/cotton ft JR O7 tough denim. Jean colors, Sites 28 to 4J. *r£& ~ * 
Values to $1o.4o l< Perfect. 
^f 

Values lo $12.oo Famout Brands 

MEN'S DRESS OR SPORT SHIRTS 
,-.«,,..!,,.,.,.„. i™ %^43 polytiltr knit i1uv«l. N<w Wflh huhlon 
S-M L-XL*.B,$«.?7 rtow 

, 1ooH 
. Shflrt 

BOYS WESTERN SHIRTS 

PoTyaster/cotton. Long slvavei. Snap front and cuffs. Slxoi 8-16. Solid colon. (1.97. fathton plaldi. 

Downtown Only $2 

BOYS WESTERN JEANS 
Flare leg 1oo% cotton heavy 
13% oz. Blue denim. San- forized. Sizes 8-16. 

97 

LADIES DRESSES 

Large assortment of polyester 
& cotton |ersey and 1oo% polyester. 
Sizes 5 to 13, 1o-2o, 14'/i to 
$5-$8 

LADIES KNIT TOPS 

From our regular stock and values to $8.99. Large assortment of 

Spring styles and colors. Short or long sleeves. Sizes S-M-L 
267 

LADIES FLARE BLUE JEANS! 

I Polyester/cotton blue denim. Lo- 
\rtse boy cut. Zlppered fly flare tbutton. Jr. Sizes 3 to 13. Reg. 
I $9.99. 
Girl*' 3 PC. 
CUFFED 

PANT SETS 

Assorted polyester/nylon. Heather tone colors. Sleeveless top with matching slack. 

57 

67 

GIRLS' 

KNIT TOPS 

AH misses styles now In glrli' iliet. 
Chooie from lit back, midriff and many others. Polyester/cotton. Sixes 2 to OK. 
Rog.Sl.77 

47 

 set 

DENIM ESPERADILLES 
NAUTICAL EMBROIDERY 
I Denim •ipirdllles with nautical motif cuihlcn Iniolo w/crepe out 
I iota ladlai1 llioi 5 to 1o, Clrli' iti«i 1o to 3. Faded Blue, Red and 
I Natural In gtrll. 

Ladles' 
Reg. $5.99 
Girls' 
Reg. $4.99 

$477 
$377 

{Spec/a/ Purchase 
LADIES 
CANVAS TOTE BAGS 

{Shoulder strap and 

I carryall styles. Assorted 
I colors with vinyl trlm- 
I ming. 

Reg. $9.oo 
Now 477 

LA FERIA COUPON 
,1 
IA FERIA COUPON j 
LA FERIA COUPON 

Values to $9.oo 

LADIES 

PANTY GIRDLES 

 i M»orlm«nt ftl . 
! l=n,o», brand,. £ r.r.'.Ws". -P1 

LA FERIA COUPON 

Girls' 

BIKINI PANTY 

IOOS nylon. 

, lulll. l.g. 

 lolon. 
J], 

6-14. 
IScU In pVgi. 29 

LA FEAIA COUPON 

BOYS 

TANK TOPS 
1oo% cotton 

Solid color comblna* 
I kin. 
Machine washable. 
Slid 4' 
16. 

(limit 4, pleat*) 

4 

LA FERIA COUPON 
32 Fl. Oz. (1 Qt.) 

DOVE LIQUID (R) 
For D!ihe> 

 i titling 

 imoclh. 68 

4 

Values to $1.oo 

LADIES PANTIES 

SollMtle ond 

 atttolt. Asiorled 
(cEen, Hm S to 
1. 
(limit 
6, 

 pleai«) 
33 

LADIES 

I 
PANTY HOSE 

I "Fruit of the 
I Loom" 
I Brand. Po- 

 tlte, 
Medium, 
M 4% j 

Tall. 
All Jt 1J H 

 nude fashion 48 

LA FERIA COUPON n 
LA FERIA COUPON- 

GIRLS' 

KNIT TOPS 

IOOH nylon 

 ilr.Nh. Cheat* him 1.1 w n.,W, lurll. n.,t, 

 ilppir ploik.i. 
Slnv.l.M at 
Ih.rr ili.v.i. 1 

I *f o 7 

LA FERIA COUPON 

BOYS' BRIEFS 

1oo% cat. ton. 
Board 

Cloth Front. 
Rib knlr lea bands. Sl»s 
2 to 8. (limit 
6, please) 

 j 
45" Wide 
PRINTED 

JERSEY KNITS 
! tcll.l. 1 nylon. 
| Dmbll cmd l,k. 
In^H co< 
I v«l>. II lull 
1 f_ j bcHL 
*f Mm 

 j 
UmlllOyd. 

 k-tf 

I 
TIER & 

 j 
VALANCE SETS 

I ASH ai*1oli, 
J MM pely.tur. 

^^4|~;'$147 
WW 
, u"ijo" " 
I 

 llnll 4 Pr. 

LA FERIA COUPON 

Detsay (R) 

2-Ply 

BATHROOM 

TISSUE 

 ful.l Yliiu,t 1 
..« . 7o1 „. (1. 

 im tli. 

4VS In, 

Bath Size jl 

DIAL SOAP (R) I 

• Round rh» <lo<k pro>icllon.| 
I Ptodoranl soap. 
I 

 i 

19<i2,39 
4 

SHOP LA FERIA NOW . . . SAVINGS . . . SHOP LA FERIA NO 

Paga 16-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April 14, 1974 

EASTER—THE 
RESURRECTION 

I.ukc 23:5o, 55-56 & Luke 2-1:1-!) 

From The I.lvlns "ible 

Then a man named Joseph, a member of 

 the Jewish Supreme Court, from the city of 
Arimathea in Judca, went to Pilate and asked for the body of Jesus. 

As the l>ody was taken away,' 

 the women from 
Galilee, 

 followed and saw it carried into1 

 the lomb. 
'' 

Then they wenl home and! 

 prepared spices and ointmenls 
!o embalm Him; bul by lhe' time they were finished it was. the Sabbath, so Ihey rested all: that day as required by (hoi 
Jewish law. 
" 
• 

But very early on Sunday! 

 morning they look the oint-: nenls lo (he ttimb—and found hat the huge stone covering 
'.he entrance had been rolled 

So Ihey wen! in—bul the Lurcl 

 rcsiis' body was gone. They loud there pulled, trying (o hinh what could have hap- wncd lo it. 

Suddenly two men appeared 

 before lliein, clothed in shining void's so bright their eyes were dazzled. The women were terrified and bowed low before 
(hem. 

Then the men asked, "Why 

 are you looking in a lomb for someone who is alive? He isn't here! He lias come baek to life again! Don't yon remember what He told you back in 
Galilee—that Ihc Messiah must be betrayed into the power of evil men and be erneificd and that lie would rise again the third day?" 

Then Ihey remembered, and 

 rushed back to Jerusalem ti> tell hi.s 11 disciples—and everyone else—what had hap- pened. 

Observes 

ASSOCIATED PRtiS 

Pope Paul rested in 

 preparation for Easier services Sunday. 

Pilgrims in 
Jerusalem 

 struggled to light candles in the rilual of Ihe Holy fire and the faithful in Russia celebrated with rich pageantry. 

In the.Vatican, the 76-year- 

 old pontiff delegated an evening vigil Mass in St. Peter's Basil- ica on Saturday to I'aolo Gmlj- nal Maielln, head nf (lie tasil- ica. 

Doctors had advised the 1'iipc. 

 after a strenuous schedule 
Thursday and Friday, not lo iivcvlire liimself because of a rccenl bout with the fin. 

Pope Paul agreed to skip the 

Saturday service in order to be fit for the Kaster Sunday Mass and his blessing lo the world. 

In Jerusalem. Israeli guards 

 patrolled the old walled city fol- lowing an Arab terrorist attack 
Thursday on Ihe Israeli Ixmler town of Qiryal Shmraah anil Is- raeli retaliatory raids in south- ern Lebanon on Friday. I-Y>\«>r visitors than usual were seen in 
Jerusalem streeis. 

Celebration 

For 
Mir- first lime in light 

 years, due in calendar sliifls. 
\V<;sl<Tii and Haslmi churches were rolebtalin:- KaMer at the same lime. 

In Jerusalem, fii^t Roman 

Catholics atui (hen ICasicin Or- thodox Christians held services in the massive Crnsnder 

Church of the Holy Sepulchre, site of the toml> where Christ was said to have lain licfoi (> ihi; resurrection. 

Pinlesiatil pilgrims gathered 

 outside Ihe cily walls al Iho 
Gardi'ii 
Tomb, which many 

Protestants Mievc marks ilie spol 
U-IUMC Christ \vns cruci- 

 fied. 

Hours 
1,-iii-v, tlic Holy Se- 

 pulcliff clinrdi unr.vil in a n,-i. dilinnal scene of chaos for tin; ceremony of the llolv Firp. 

Hundreds uf Oxlhmlux and 

Eastern Catholic pilgrims jam- med around the tomb, strug- gling lo light Ihcircandlt-sfroin blaziii/j inrdie.s thrust through two holes in the side of ilie vault.. 

Istanbul 

In Istanbul. Palriardi Do- 

 melrius (.spiritual leader of lite world's 
125 million Orthodox 

 believers, urged thai all 

Christians celebrate Mister on the same day in Ihe fnini o. 

 lie said the "chance culm'i- 

(lence nf calendar" wasa "sign from our common risen I/>rd reminding us that tare is Ixit one son of God ... and one 
Kasler for all Chrlsllans." 

Easter Celebration 
Time for Optimism 

XENIA, Ohio (AP) - "We will meet in our 

 church with patches on the roof and no win- dows . . . but we will be here," said the Rev. 
James C. Hart, rector of Christ Episcopal 
Church in downtown Xcnia. 

Disaster 

His optimism was echoed by 

 other clergymen in Xonia who said that the Kaster season will not be a time of mourning, de- spite Hie tornado that struck the town 11 days ago. 

"Pessimists will be cast out 

 after the first hymn," raid tlie 
Rev. Raymond D. Poi>e of the 
Faith Community United Moth- oilist Church. 

The Rov. Howard Rickey, 

 pastor of the First Qiurch of the 
Nazarene, said, "There arc many tragedies as a result of this tornado. There will be more. But, there will Ix? more miracles than tragedies." 

Looks at Church 

The youthful pastor looked at 

 the shambles of his church — the lop story gone, part of tlic roof ripped off Hie Sunday school wing, splintered glass, water-stained walls. But he said 
(he loss might have been worse. 

"We had M5 of our Kiddie 

Kollege day-cave children in the building," lie .said. "After 

 sighting the tornado we got them all into the basement — students, teachers and employ- es. Had they been upstairs it would have been the greatest tragedy of (he storm." 

The April 3 tornado killed 37 

 residents of Xcnia and injured hundreds more, ft rut a swath three-quarters of a mile wide and seven miles long through this southwestern Ohio clly of 
25,ooo, causing damage esti- mated at S75 million or more. 

The Rev. .Mr. trie's church 

 on the northside escaped the wrath of the slorm. kit his borne was destroyed and 172 

 church families suffered heavy damage to homes and busi- nesses. 

"I think what I'm going tosay 

 is Ilia! for the first lime many people are really going to be able to nndersland what re- siirreclion really means," he said. 

"You have lo realize that 

Chris! was more effeclive.afler the resurrection than before, and this slorm can be a luming point." 

"We lost 
1-1 homes 

 completely, another down 

 damaged," said the Rev. Mr. 
Oil Tank 

Put Out 

POTII (Spl) - Area and U.S. 

Navy firefighters Saturday night put out a raging oil tank blaze four miles east of here. 

Cause of the fire was not im- 

 mediately determined. Hnrncd was some 15,ooo gallons of crude oil in the tank, laken from a new well on the Ed- mund Kolzur farm. 

A nearby tank did not ignite, 

 a Department of Public Safely spokesman said. 

Special fire fighting equip- 

 ment from N'AS, Chase Field, 
Becville, was called in lo help stop the five, the spokesman said. 

Trendsetter Separates 

Because Dalton separates are a great look, they'll 

 got your preference rating all summer long. The yellow.blazer . . . 62.oo. Yellow olasticized waist 

 slacks . . . 3o.oo. Lightweight yellow/green 

 striped shirt . . . 28.oo. From a trcndsolling collec- 

 tion in knit Trevira® polyester. Sizes 8-16. 

LADIES' SHOP 

FRANK BROS. 

Alamo Plaza— Central Park Mall 

226-61o1 ... 

 lavt. "We had three injuries, ml, 'thank God, no fatalities. 
That is wlial my people are aying, 'Thank God, no one died md we'll pnl it back together."1 
Steven Adams, music direc- or of the First Church of (lie 
Nazarene. wrote a song the day f the storm, the Rev. Mr. iickey reported. 

'He wrote the words after he 

Mine from a destroyed Imild- ng," Ihe reverend siid. "Those vords are what Haster will be his year: 

"We rejoice because we can 

;ee. We rejoice because we can ircathe, We rejoice because we 
•an reach out and embrace o»r vives, our. husbands, our sons md our daughters. 

"We rejoice because, at this 

•cry moment, we can feel tbo inlse of life running through our eins, and the throb of 

 imoiTow's potential emitting hrough our minds." 

Where His Church Stood 

Rev. Howard Rickey, pastor of the First Church of Ihe Nazarene in Xenia, walks among debris from his church following a tornado 1 1 days ago. He to hold Easter services in what's left of his church.—AP Wirephoto 

Ohio,?? plans "•; 

Take a swing into spring 

And get in on championship style. 
Wear the Jack Nicklaus Tournament slacks by Hart Schaffner & Marx. 
The timely twill is 1oo% texturized polyester. Select checks or solids in 

 light blue, navy, brown, tan, green, red, yellow, 

 rust or white ... 29.95. 

MEN'S CLOTHING 

FRANK BROS 

ALAMO PLAZA and CENTRAL PARK MALL 

226-61o1 

•>•* . 

JOSi; HE |,A TOBRIENTE 
... wealthy c.vllc slain 

Murder 
Probe 
Begins 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

MIAMI, Fla. - 

Homicide detectives 
Saturday began a probe into the Friday night murder of a wealthy Cuban exile businessmen. 

The investigation was 

 described as a "monumental task" by Miami police. 

Jose tie la Torriente, who 

 traveled the world in 1G7o to raise money for a Cuban in- vasion army, was killer! Friday nighl by a gunman who fired through a window of his liome. 

"You want to know how many 

 leads we have." said Sgt. 
Arthur Folton. "Mow many Cu- bans are there in Miami?" 

Folton said the investigation 

 was hampered by the secret nature of Hie anti-Castro, para- military groups which o|x?rutc out of Miami's Cuban commu- nity. 

"It's kind of tough," said Fcl- 

 ton, who heads the InvuMiga- lion. "We're getting calls from all over. 11 is going-to be a inonuitienlal task. We've just got to take il one step at a lime.". 

Speculation 

Fcllon declined to discuss 

 motive, but speculation in the 
Cuban community centered on past charges by other exiles that Torricnle, who would have been 7o next week, bad aban- doned the goal of overturning 
Fidel Castro's Communist revo lution through armed force. 

Torrk'iUc, accused by (.'astro 

 ot working for tlie Central In tclllyence Agency, lind beer criticized for not giving an ac- counting nf the money lie ralsei for tlie Cuban invasion whicl was supposed to make up for Hit 
Hay of Pigs detach- of 1%1 l»r never came off, and fni 

 devoting all of his time lo ; 
.subdivision he was developing. 

Threat 

A close family source salt 

Torriente had received a llircal in recent days which alluded li the previous criticism. Fellui confirmed the report Inn tie dined locliiboralc. 

Fellrn also declined to dis- 

 cuss details of tlie shooting, the kind of weapon used, the num- ber of shots fired or how many struck Torricnle. 

Torrienlc was shol as he SH 

 watching television in his living room. His gramlson, Thoma. 
Relado, 27, said Torriente was struck In the tack, said four shots were fired. 
Income Tax 
Deadline 
Service Set 

Special mail collectors will 

 he ill [In- main post office and 
.seven shipping malls to help lasl m i n u t e 
Income tax 

 jircparcrs meet Monday's mid- night deadline. 

T. E. Cos, Sim Anlnnfn post- 

 muster, said Ihe collector:; will l>c on duty from fi:;!o p.m. until 

. lie added they will be tit Ihe 
Wnndcvland, Terrell f'la/a, 

 i ;•; 
Central Park, McCrcloss, l.one 

.'J 
Oak, Scars Swillisliln and l,as 

K| 
1'altnns shopping malls. 

*« 
The pusliil service Is nffcrliiK 

Ihc extrn collection service localise of the energy crisis. 
Cox Mild. 

J'lncliiK puslnl employes and 

I nicks »l Ihc viirhnis hhoinihiK n'lik'is will iissbt Hie public In inuullnit Ihe Inx deadline niul reduce fuel cintsuiiiptlon, Cox 

AFTER- 
EASTER 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 

SAVE 

AND MORE!, 

, . LIMITED QUANTITIES! 

MISSES' OR JR. SLEEPWEAR, 
•were 8.oo-16.oo, assorted fabrics and colors, sizes S-M-L. 3.99-7.99 
QUALITY LEATHERS GODS, were 4.oo-15.oo, French purses, clutches, 3-for-alls, mini purses 
2.oo-8.5o 

WOMEN'S BELTS, were 3.oo-5.5o, fabrics, vinyls or leathers, assorted colors . 99e-1.99 
FAMOUS-MAKE BRAS, were 5.oo-6.oo, assorted styles, broken sizes 32-36 
2.49-2.99 

FAMOUS-MAKE SLIPS, were 5.oo-7.oo, assorted styles 
2.49-349 

FAMOUS-MAKE BIKINIS, were 2.oo-2.5o, assorted styles of nylon ..- 
99=-l 25 

WOMEN'S WASHABLE SCUFFS, 
Reg. 3.5o, solidsj-florals or gingham checks, sizes S-M-L-XL. .. 1.77 
WOMEN'S FOLD ABLE SLIPPERS were 2.99, assorted colors, sizes S-M-ML-L-XL 
1.99 

INFANTS' DRESSES, reg. 6.oo-1o.oo, sizes 12-18-24 
2.99-4.99 

TODDLERS' DRESSES, reg. 8.oo-1o.oo, sizes 2-3-4 
3.99-4.99 

TODDLER BOYS' SUITS reg. 14.oo-28.oo, sizes 2-3-4 
6.99-18.99 

GIRLS' SLEEPWEAR, were 3.99-5.5o 
1.99-2.49 

GIRLS' HANDBAGS, were 3.oo-7.99 
1.49-3.99 

GIRLS' DRESSES, were 11.oo-24.oo, sizes 4-14 
. 
4.99-11.99 

GIRLS' SHORTS AND TOPS, 
'were 3.5o-6.oo, sizes 4-14 
1.59-2.99 

PRETEENS' SPORTSWEAR, were 1o.oo-11.oo sizes 6-14 
4.99-5.49 

BOYS' KNIT SHIRTS, were 1.99-2.49 
99= 

BOYS' KNIT SUITS, sizes 4-7, were 19.99 
; 
9.99 

BOYS' FAMOUS-MAKE SPORT COATS, were 3o.oo-4o.oo, broken sizes 8-2o, assorted patterns, fabrics 14.99 
MEN'S SUITS, were 1oo.oo-155.oo, assorted styles and colors 
49.9o-76.9o 

MEN'S SPORT COATS, were 75.oo-1oo.oo 
37.5o-49.9o 

MEN'S LONG SLEEVED DRESS SHIRTS, were 1o.oo-16.oo, assorted styles 
4.99-6 99. 

MEN'S LONG SLEEVED SPORT SHIRTS, were 8.oo-12.oo, perma-pressed 
.... 
3.99 

MEN'S BELTS, were 8.oo-1o.oo, sport or dress styles, broken sizes 
3.99 

YOUNG MEN'S PANTS, were 12.oo-14.oo, slacks and jeans, cuffed or uncuffed, solids or patterns 
5.99 

LADIES' RAINCOATS, RAINCAPES, were 6.oo, choice of 3 prints 
3.oo 

NOTIONS GADGETS, reg. 88C-1.29 
44* 

BOOKS, hurt or counter soiled save Vz 

SILVERPLATED ICE BUCKETS reg. 3o.oo, 3-qt. capacity 
1499 

SILVERPLATED CASSEROLES, reg. 3o.oo 
: 
; 
' 
14 99 

SALT AND PEPPER SETS, were 6.oo, stainless steel and wood . 
1 49 

STAINLESS HOLLOWARE, selected group savc i/2 

STAINLESS FLATWARE, reg. 9.99 for 4-pc. serving set 
4 gg 

BEVERAGE SET, was 9.99, 9-pc. set in rack 
4 99 

3-PC. POTTERY PLACE SETTING, was 8.65, includes dinner plate, cup and saucer .... 
4 33 

IRONSTONE SERVICE FOR 8, was 33.99, white/blue or white/yellow .• 
16 99 

COOK 'N SERVE SERVICE FOR 8 
' 

 reg. 79.99, from Noritake 
3999 

SALTON PIZZA KEEPER, reg. 14.99 
7 49 

COSCO FOLDING CHAIRS, reg. 9.99 
499 

7-PC. COASTER SET, reg. 8.oo 
3 99 

SALTON HOTRAY, reg. 18.95, 14"x8Vi" 
9 49 

PORTABLE KITCHEN BBQ GRILL, reg. 59.59 
' 
29.49 

PLAY FAMILY CAMPER, reg. 7.99, from Fisher Price, all accessories included 
3.99 

CREWEL KITS, reg. 5.99-19.99, assorted styles for pictures or pillows .... 3.oo-1o.oo 
PRINT FASHION FABRICS, reg. 1.27-2.99 yd., 45 wide, polyester-cotton blends ... 44C-1.SO yd 
NYLON BATH RUGS, were 9.oo, assorted colors, skid resistant backing, 4 sizes . 
4.49 

DENIM DAISY SHEETS, flat or fitted, no-iron polyester-cotton, full, were 6.5o 
3 24 

9JJeS?' were 9'5o> 4'74' king. were 11.5o, 5J4 
42x36 cases, pr. were 4.5o, 2.24; 42x46 cases, pr. were 5.5o, 2.74, twin sheets, were 5.5o 
2 74 

DENIM DAISY BEDSPREADS, full, reg. 34.oo, 21.99; queen, reg. 45.oo, 29.99; twin, reg. 28.oo 
17.99 

SEALY MISMATCHED BEDDING, first quality mattresses, some first quality and some damaged or 
»«*« box sPrings. discontinued covers, twin, reg. 158.oo, now 
78.oo set, full reg. 178.oo, Now 
. set 88 oo 

LOVE SEAT SLEEPER, reg. 299.oo, floral cover, twin size bedding 
149.oo 

9x12'NYLON RUG, was 1o5,9o, long wearing continous filament, bound on all 4 sides, 
4 colors 
44.oo 

.SHOP DOWNTOWN MON. & THURS. 1o-9; TUES,WED,FRI. lO-SiSO; SAT. 1o-6; NORTH STAR AND LAS PALMAS MON.-SAT. 1o-9 

P«»9« 3-B 
Sqn Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

SHOP FROM HOME! 
JUST DIAL 227-42II 
Oidor by phono and charge your Josko's account. 

L 

SHOP DOWNTOWN MON. & THUHS. 1o-9; TUES.-WED.-FRI. 1o-5:3o; 

SAT. 1o-6; NORTH STAR AND LAS.PALMASMON.-SAT. 1o-9 c. 

DOLPIf BR1SCOE 

 i.. In Uvalde 

Party 
Sees Spot 
On Ballot 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

American 
Party 

 leaders predicted Sa- turday (hey will have a candidate for Texas.,, governor on the 

November ballot for the first time. 

Sam McDonnell, Dallas bus!-, 

 nessman and investor, xvlra Is an announced 
American Party 

 gubernatorial candidate, spoke to a regional seminar in Austin, one of five the parly is sponsor- ing over the slate in preparu- ' tion for the May 4 primary. 

"I am confident we will be on 

(lie ballot tin's fall," lie told the group. 
.r 

McDonnell said the party 

 must get 36,ooo registered vot- ers to attend (lie May 4 pro-, cinet conventions or llrey will' have to gather the needed addi- tional voter support by nota- rized petitions witliin 55 days. 
This method is required," 

McDonnel said, because the party does not elect candidates l>y primary action, but lluougli conventions. 

Activity 

In other political activities 

Saturday, Frances Farenlhold, 

Democratic candidate for ' 

 governor, told a noon rally in iCingsville that Gov. Dolpli 
Briscoe was leaving thrceSouth 
Texas counties without proper law enforcement. 

She said Hriscoe has failed to • 

 appoint a new district attorney for Duval, .dm Hogg and Starr , 
Counties since last January. 
' 

Mrs. Farentlwld planned to 

 spend Easter Sunday in Corpus 
Christ! with her husband and ' son. 

Oov. Dolpli Biiscoc, who had 

 a breakfast meeting in lions- ton, flew to his Uvalde home for 
Raster. 
. 

Scientists: 
Fish Bites 
Unusual 

MIAMI BEACH, Fla.(AP) — 

Although bluefish are voracious eaters and are sometimes known as the "bulldogs of the'- sea," they've never been known o attack swimmers, marine scientists said Saturday. 

The scientists wore com-. , 

 menting on an incident Friday, 
•it a public beach when 11 bath-' ' ers were bitten, cut or 

 scratched as a large school of blueflsh trapped a school of mullet, a common bait fish, close inshore and got Into ii ., feeding frenzy. 

One swimmer, 
Bonnie 

Browne, 14, of Miami. ncededSi) stitches to close a wound on her left calf. 

"I've never heard of bhicfish 

 attacking people," said Dr. 
Richard Ilouins of the Univer- sity of Miami's School of Ma- rine Science. "Yet, they are common along the East Coast of the United Stales and abound in areas ivliere swimmers are." 

Dr. Donald DaSylva, a cnl- 

 league of Hobins, said that, In'.' their fren/.y to get at (tie mullet in the stirrcil-up water, llic bluefish probably mistook the palms and soles o[ llio swiih- iners1 hands and feel for llieli- prcy. 

"There is no record of blue- 

 fish attacking chunvms," |1o' said. "This could be a ease of mistaken Identity." 
Body Is 
Identified 

FOItT WORTH 
(AP) _ 

The body of n ni;m btinioil be- yond recognition In n caraccl.'' 
(lent Friday wus Identified Sal-1" unlay as tlml of Alrmnn 1-V gone ProdlioiKC Jr., 2o or: 

Welch, Ln. A Ilvc-Rallon mill- iiry gas tnn was found In Hie car's trunk, 

 rnvcKllgnlors wild ilw ixwly 

 found In an overturned hurnliiK car fa nortli KOH Worth wrtrf ' burner! so badly (lonlnl work w»s the only mcmiH of Idcnll- flciilloi). 
• • • • 

 n. m not so sure. Arc Ilicsc Inlii; = r , 

Ofiie company or somcljiihg? s fl" 

,Wc may not know evrryljiing 

 nuf,\vc sure know this out! 

-You see, so many of (lie curs 

 these days look iso inui-h' alike 
(hat (ctn-agcrs have taken (o providing some positive iden- tification (o1- the undlsccriilng passer-liy. Tills is usiiiilly In (he form of giant letters stuck on 
Ui.r rear window nr rear fcridci- 
Itroclainiiiif: Ford, Chevrolet, 

Dodge or whatever kind oI car 
It is. 

The word Car on the. bath 

 fender apparently Is addressed at passers-by of Icss-lhaii- average intelligence who might mistake it for something else. 

It's also a (jrcal put-iloun lo 

 the "see me, I own a (what- ever)" crowd uhlcli runs 

 around giving free advcrlMng lo auto conipanies. 

Mazda Tests, Again 

>'ou liad sump items several incmlhs ag» uljimt llic lerriljle 

 imluaKc of Mazda rotary engine cars. I have since heard thai UK, tests from (he federal guveriiincnl wc-re nu guild ursumclliiiiK 

 u? you know atiydiiiiK about this? 
HI. [t y 

A short lime ago, the Kn- 

 vlronmenlal 
Protection 

Agency (\v1iiuh did the KUS mileage tests) agreed lo rc-(cst the Ma/da since Us mileage results were so far liclow those reported by auto magazine testers and other outside sources. 

In (lie earlier tests, (lie Maz- 

 da notary scored nidi less mileage than a Cadillac Kl- ilorado (less (hail 12 miles In the gallon). . 

• And since agreeing to iciest the Ma/da, it has been learned the. whole KI'A gas mileage testing is being revamped. 

When we first reported on thr 

 results, we said we didn't know how KI'A got their results, but that since (his was (he only of- ficial government gasoline mileage lest, we accepted them. 

That was a mistake. It has 

 since been learned that KPA's gas mileage results came not 
(rum any I'onrcrli'il mileage eampaign. but as a hy-produel at die agency's.emission (esls for iiii polluliun. 

In each case, only one CHI- 

MBS used to determine mileage. 
So If a car was imilftinctloilin'g or had some other problems, the mileage suffered and the 

KI'A reported that as the mileage. 

Usually auto magazines (or 

 at least some of the heller ones) run tests that cover hundreds of miles over several days and include city as high- way driving and draw (heir mileage rcsnlls from dial.,' 

If (he mileage seems lower 

 t h a n expected or far below previous experience ' w i t h 

 earlier models of the same car, the magazines cheek .for 

 reasons or will lest more than one car before reporting :the. results. Not KI'A. 

ICl'A also Issued very con- 

 fusing summaries with widely varying gasoline results for ears which looked the same in llic chart but had different axle ratios or other changes not spelled out clearly tor the reader. 

Now, (lie. whole KI'A gasoline 

 mileage testing Is being upgraded so more, professional results can be reported, they nil! also lie available prior lo the announcement of the new cars in Ihe fall. Huycrs .will know what (he results are while shopping for a new car. 

They will still he the only of- 

 ficial government mileage summaries available (o Ihe general public. 

Tower; Topper 

I have had it with Canadian jokes. Everyone crilicines Canada 

 as a second-rate world power that never dues anything right 1 am iiuw involved in an argument with a friend of mine wiio refuses to believe [lie Canadians have the world's tallest building 
Hint' is iw-lce as tall as Hie Tower of the Americas. j 

Guild you please straighten him nut? MAl'I.U I.KAK I.OVEI11 

Yes, the. Canadian National 

Hallways lower is abonl 

 flnfshed being bnlll in Toronto. 
It will he l.XOS fert or 

(hefealioufs, when complete. It is (he world's lallest structure, not building, since it has no floors, hut Is a huge concrete and xlerl shaft supporting a 

 complex of communications equipment. 

)!>' comparison, (lie Tower of 

 the Americas here is 622 (eel 
The tallest huttdliiK In (he U.S. 
— exclusive of all TV and radio lowers — Is the. MOO fool tall 
Sears Building In Chicago. 

Enlistment Bonuses 

. Okay, Ihe Army anil Marino Corps paid $2,511o enlistment bonuses in May amt June of last year. 

Why didn't my son, who joined ilie Marines In May, receive. Hie 

 liumis? 

I>. I'. N. 

That bonus Is given lo fonr- 

 ycar enlistees In the ground comhat arms sections of (he 
Army and Marines as an in- iTiiflvr (o Increase, enlislmenl in lltose forces. 

II is paid In Infantry, artillery 

 or armor .sections of Ihe Army a n d ' l n f a n t r y , lanks and ar- tillery sections of Ihe Marines. 

In both cases, rrrrulls must 

)ias!> certain mental and 

 physical lo be eligible. They imisl complete basic (ruining before (he money is paid; 

The contract negotiated al 

 fhr (line of enlistment specifies such terms and Ihr length of service, type of training and bonus lo be paid. 

11 your son's- contract 

 provided for Ihe hanus, but he has not received II, lie. should contact his rr.rruilliiR officer and he will Investigate. 

Oil Depiction 

Is there Mill Midi a Iliinj: as . 

Yes, liiil the lav break fur nil 

 ctmipanU's may he on (lie tiay. out. 

The House Ways and Means 

Coiiimlltee voted lo phase oul 
(lie depletion allowance over a 
,llvr. year period, If oil prices sluy us high as experls predict, 

 ill nil (leplelinn flllmviincc? ; 

 j<; f. JAHV1S 

However, the oil ro'mpqntrs 

 won't lie hurling'because, (hey are now gelling1 nbi|il $X (of oil 
(hat cost $1 a barrel in pYe1. cargo days, nt\d IhVy woil'l he charged wllh mi rxc'rss-|>r»f|(s lax as long us 11|py put IIKMICJ- h.ick Into pindiirllln,, 
', 

Action/Express 

' |" Vo./i«i>r! your firohlain xolvwl or n rymis- 
1 

(iiiHHicrc.d, jnxl write, lo Ac-' 

 s, I'.O. ll<>.\ iJ/77, A'«« An- 
71MV7. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

S 
AFTgR-EASTER 

DRESS AND SPORTSWEAR 

CLEARANCE 

 m m\ 

 wf. 

 p 

Ml 

 yj,\V'/ 
§fe 1 

IP'5 
II 

 ki^t/ 
«iW'i? 

W 

Save -4-o1-18.o1! Misses 3-pc. long or short sleeved pantsuits 
2999 

Were 34.oo-48.oo, 
Choose polyesters or polyester and blends, some with pull-on pants, assorted colors, sizes 8- 
18. Pants Plus and Plaza 
Shop Downtown, North 

, Star and Austin. 

Save l/3 I Misses' polyester summer sportswear coordinates 
SAVE l/3 

Easy-caro sportswear coordinates, sizes 8-16. 
Pants, woro 21.oo-26.oo 
13.99-16.99 

Jackals, woro 26.oo-41,oo 
16.99-26.99 

Tops, woro 13.oo-19.oo .,. 
7.99-11.99 

Plfwn Sportswear, Downtown, Second Floor, North Star and Austin. 

Misses, Half-size Dresses 

Better Dresses, were 42.oo- 
13o.oo. One and two piece dresses, costume suits, pantsuits, sizes 6-18 

Party Longs, were 42.oo-16o.oo, 
Solids, prints, novelty tabrics, knits, assorted colors and styles, sizes 6-16 

Today's Woman, were 17.oo-r 
88.oo. one piece dresses, costume- suits, pantsuits, longs, assorted', fabrics and colors, sizes 12'/2-2'J1/2 

Career Girl, were 17.oo-4o.oo, dresses, pantsuits and longs, assorted fabrics and colors, sizes 8-18 
Downtown, North Star and Austin, 
Career Girl also al Las Palmas. 

2199-8599 

2199-1o4" 

1299-4399 

.1o99-2699 

SHOP DOWNTOWN MOM. & THUHS. 1o-9; TUES.-WKD.-niI. 1o-U:3o; SAT. 1o-G; NORTH STAR ANU LAS PALMAS MON,SAT.'lO-9 

Pog« 4-B 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

THIS IS 

JUDGE 

FRED CLARK 

THE PEOPLE'S JUDGE 

He's an exceptional judge and an exceptional person. 
Away from the courtroom and law practice, Judge Fred 
Clark gives of his time and energy in behalf of civic and com- munity betterment.- You will find evidence in many organi- zations of his dedication to San Antonio and Bexar County. 
Judge Fred Clark's judicial credentials, likewise, are in proper order. As an elected Justice of the Peace he has more than three years experience presiding over civil and criminal cases. 
Judge Clark's eleven years as a practicing attorney also contri- bute to his versatile legal background, the fair and compas- sionate outlook, and the respect for the law-abiding citizen that makes him the logical choice for Judge of the 187th 
Judicial District, 

VOTE ... TO PROMOTE JUDGE FRED CLARK TO 

DISTRICT JUDGE. 

PoliticalI advertisement paid for by Fred dork campaign committee. Gene Goodson, Chair- man, 914 Manor Drive. Published in Iho Express & News 4/14/74. 

; Express/News Want Ads 225-1666 • 

Energy: Matter of Life., Death 

MSOCIATtD PRESS 

LONG 
BEACH, 

Calif. - For Jerry 
Stein and 
Celeste 

Thompson, electricity is vital. 

Cut il oft, and tliey could stop 

 hreatliing. 

Both arc middle-aged iiolio 

 victims, a disease which left llicm unable lo breathe wiilipul thinking unoiit il. 
Their 

 breathing is voluntary, which 
Ilicy say isn't at all difficult once you master it. But it can- nut tie done while asleep. 

So both use eteclrie respira- 

 tors !o breathe at iiiglu, 

Stricken at 12 

Stein was stricken with polio 

 in 195o. ile was 12 years old. 
AIiuosl completely paralyzed and confined lo a wheel chair, he lives in a house here after recently moving from his parents' liunie in nearby 
Anaheim. 

"It look me 33 years to {jet up 

 the gumption lo leave llicm," he says. 

Three miles away, Mrs. 

Thompson also sils in a wheel fluiir. .She was 19, married and liad a daughter when she con- tracted polio. Her marriage ended three years later for reasons "partially" connected with her illness, she says. Her laughter was raised by 

 iomeone else. 

Mrs. Thompson, Stein and 

 idier polio patients receive care at Long Beach's Los tanchos Hospital. All are riends. 
"There are so few of us old 

Electricity Vital 

To Celeste Thompson and Jerry Stem, the energy shortage isn't just an inconvenience, il's a matter of life. They require electric respirators 
'- breathe. — AP Wirephotos. 

 polios left lhat we have to hang together"' Stein says. 

The patients arc very aware 

 of Ihc energy crisis and their dependence on electricity, par- licularly those like Stein who don't have independent gas generators in their homes. 

"Prior to now, I've never had 

 a fear that one would be neces- sary, even though an interrup- 

 tion of service would affect mi greatly; in fad, il would b life-threatening," he says. 

Mrs. Thompson says th 

 energy crisis makes lie 

"uneasy," because she use. her respirator at intervals dur ing the day as well as all night 

"When I first got sick, i 

 frightened me to death lhat had to depend so upon dec 

SAVE 52.95 ON FULL-SIZE 

MICROWAVE OVENS 

YOUR CHOICE 
297oo 

Were 349.95 

Your monthly payment is 12.oo on 

Joske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Food thermometer 
...your gift with purchase! 

Litton Minutemaster® 4o1 with bonus food thermometer at no extra charge! 

• No pans in this oven ... use glass, even paper plates 
• Plugs into any 11o volt source anywhere 
• Cooks a 2o-lb. turkey ... largest interior of any 

 countertop oven. 

• Cooks complete meals in Vz the time 
• Plus, you get a Micro Temp food thermometer at no 

 extra charge! 

Major Appliances, Downtown Third Floor, 

North Star, Las Palmas and Austin 

Tappan microwave oven with automatic defrost cycle and removable glass tray 

• Attractive brushed chrome front 
• Large see-fhrough window 
•3o minute timer for roasts 
• 15 second to 5 minute timer 
• Posi-Latch' double-safety switch door handle 
• 6oo watts for fast cooking 
•Full-sized oven ... larger than 1 cu. ff 
• 'Now Cooking' light and convenient automatic defrost cycl 

. 
CHAWS ^^ monthly pavmonl Include, fialo, ,„ 

 o»ing hominy prior billina period (rho Pmvta* B.hLj! Z™on7, o oTor c oditsTolvla o' ^ln''fu 1" 1 ^'""l" 

Iricity, but I've gotten over that no«'," she says. "1 figured out that on the emergency equip- ment I have, and my gas generator, plus what I can breathe on my own, I could Irist for 24 hours. Bui not much more." 

"I'm 
[airly calm," says 

Slein. "But if I hey announcer! 
Ihere'd be daily blackouts or brownouts lasting six hours or so, my altitude would change in a hurry and I'd be screaming bloody murder lo anybody who'd listen." 

Lot of Faith 
:'I have a lol of faith," Mrs. 

Thompson says. "I feel (here's going to be a way for us, even if we have lo power onr respira- tors by stealing batteries out of cars." 

The power companies and 

 fire department are pledged to see that breathing apparatuses 

 are maintained for those who need them if (he [tower should fail. But a though! sometimes troubles Stein. 

"If it got down to a dog-cat- 

 dog type existence, let's say the strong shall prevail," he says. 
"And there's always (he pos- sibility thai your needs, perhaps, come very far flown on the list. 

"Quite honestly, society 

 could do very well withonl us, and if you had to get rnlliless. 
(here aru many more impor- tant things which would come first. If il gol to Ihal poinl, I'd be fearful indeed." ' 

Besides, he needs oleclricily 

 for more than breathing, lie says. His wheel chair is powered and recharged by electric current anil one of his main pleasures is lo "/ip out- side, go for a ride, visil local markets and everything else." 

An Iron Curtain 
Faces the Music 

ASSOCIATtD PRESS 

MOSCOW - The 

Soviet conservative musical establishment s manning the 

 barricades against an nflux of 
Western 

 music. 

It calls il "commercialized 

>soudo art," "hackneyed iits," and tunes of "unbridled 
>a.ssions and frenzied sounds." 

Pravda, (he Communist part} 

 organ and arbiter of taste in music, ail, literature and other fields, lias issued a stern winn- ing: 

"11 is the duly of (lie Soviet 

:omposcrs' Union, choral so- cieties, cultural bodies, concert organizations, music publish- ers, music recording studios ind radio and television cdlto- 
•ial hoards to put up a reliable barrier to prevent this kind of iroduct from reaching the puh- ical large," Pravrtn said. 

The barriers are not sound- 

>roof. A Soviet citi/en reading us Pravda on ,1 park bench night be distracted by tccn- igers carrying 
;i portable 

 recorder blasting out tlie Bwil- les"lTickettoKirJc." 

On television (here isal'olish 

Group. Matin suils with flared cuffs and plenty of guitars and i.-ilr, pounding oul a rock lune. 

One radio station is playing 

Ray Conniff snugs, skaters arc skating to "Fancy Pains" or the 
"ijuana 
Brass, women arc 

 getting their hair done to .Simon indGarfunklc music. 

As guidelines of what music hould be, Pravda offered "So- iallst realism." music with 

Soviets Say: 

 fNo Western' 

"hymcinislic ardor and 

 profound democratic content" and praised works elabor.ititig 
(he "Leninist theme," (lie "he- roic ' spirit of revolutionary struggle" and "motifs and ini- 
.ages of folk epics." 

But Pravda complained (hut 

(here hasn't been a good opera written in recent years and 
(here has been a tag in develop- men( of poimlavsongslo&UrtlK! masses. Soviet opera sticks ID 
(he Russian and Ilaliiin clas- sics. 

Pravda's liccn intcrcM in mu- 

 sical life was prompted by the- 
I''ifth Congress of the Soviel 
Composers' Union, 

Tikhon Kbrennikov, head of 

 that union and firmly grounded 
In the Socialist realism o( the 
193os, spoke of "pseudo music becoming in today's bourgeois world a real social disaster, poisoning (lie conscience of mil- lions of people, killjig (he love for beawly, muffling ami eradi- 
•alini; the people's traditions." 
Poor Grades? 
Dial Dr. Dial 

 ttyc trouble, defective hear- 

 ing and even poor nutrition c,.ln lw the cause of bad grades in school. 

Dr. Dial discusses these 

 problems and how to remedy them during (lie week begin- ning Monday. 

Dr. Dial, a public si-rvicc; of e ttcxar Coiinty Mrdjra! 

Society, is available 2-1 hours a day a( 223-mi. 
^^^ 
__ 
1 
•> "* *.-"- I-JTI . 

Old Uranium Mines 
Might Be Reopened 

ASSOCI/ULD PHtJS 

 spokesman for (lie Atomic 

-nergy Commission office In 
"rants said Snturdny the AKC s re-evaluating some of the bandonecl mines In New Mcxl- o, Arizona and West Texas. 
Some of (he mines have IXTII losci! since Ihctnld-insiia when icy shut down dm; in economic robloms, (he AKC ftixikcsnmn 

 wild. 

 lie mild four mining emu. n n l e s , 
K e r r - M c C ! e ( ! , 

 niicnmh, United Nuclear, and 
.hilled Nuelcar-IlomoMiikcnow mploy 2,75o |K>ople hi umiiliim l i n i n g iiinl pnnM'Kjilnjt 

 operailons In 
Vvx-slern New 

Mexico. 

Mobil. Conoco, Gulf, Kxxon 

 iindl'hjiiiiw, -ill fmv(; ••„,;, j(,,.|n. vcMmenls," hi: S;i|,|. Another company, Sohln, recently rn. iimmced plans lo Imtlil a urn- 
"lum pwcsslni; plant north «f 

 hnlf llw nation's rp. 

 servo of uranium IJ.'if« ]|,.« )„ rL?7 n!tl)ill;o |x"tl(HI "r "l"' 
Lolnrinlol'iiilrau. 

Ore dc.|ioslu< \\Kn. ,„.„ ^\\. 

'""to In contnln na\\w IIIT.OOII l°"»otcoiicemml<;nraiilnin. 

I lirce Texas A&M University 

Miluls from Sun AiHonlu have 

• wen awarded Navnl HOTC 

 scholarships in complete llioir 

• studies. 
' 
They arc freshmen Idhcrl 

•r.G«IUIch,Gf«r Kei),Karagas 

 uii'l r«ulS,Uzan«. 
Seven women froii) Siin An- 

 lomn have bcun Initialed inlo 
Alpha Lnmbila Dolla, national 

; nonnr society, at Texas 

• .Lutheran College. 

They arc Dtbra I,. Dcvlllc, 

Unda Sue Hunter, Charlolle K. 
MBBsarl, Sharon Manlove, 
Alice I'. Hedor, Sandra Skaggs and Nina K. Stewart. 

Hose Antoiiicllc I'etrosc will 

 graduate Monday as an elec- tronic assembler from tlic Job 
Corps Center for Women at Al- buquerque, N.M. 

Urwln V. Workman Jr., lias 

.linen awarded tint first univer- sity health fellowship ;it Texas 
AfcM University where he is study inn Wui'liemislry ant) biii|)hysios. 

-St. Mary's University senior 

 iiwminliriK .student Uouglas E. 
Doolcy win receive tbe fiftlj 

 iinnual AtciiuiUiiiK ICxcellcnec 
Awardi April 2-1 from the San 
Antonio chapter of (he Texas 
Siociely.of Certified Public Ac- touiitanls al T u r t l e Crock 
Cininlry Club. 

Imiwsily of Texas Medical 

Sclitinl at San Anlntiio student 
Vleki Anderson is one nf five finalists in a national .scientific exhibit coni|ielition. 

She will receive $!>ofl to 

 display her exhibit, "Effects ot 
HstroKcn and Progesterone on 
Normal Tulial Ovum Transport in Rabbits," during competi- tion in Galvcslon April 2-1-27. 

After the Student American 

Medical Association competi- tion she ivill receive another 
$5(1o to attend an American 
Medical Association meeting in 
Chicago in June. 

Four San Antonians in the 

Air Force will receive degrees from the Ball State Universi- ty/Air 
Force sponsored 

 master's degree programs in 
Germany. 

They arc 
Mr. and Mrs. 

Jiicliard Merchant and Waller 
Windsor Jr., all majoring in executive development in public services, and Paul W. 
1'cr.s'lan, majoring in coun- 

 seling. 

• Tour San Antonians have received major academic 

 awards at Southern .Methodist 
University. 

Michael 
K. 
Sanderson 

Alvarado 
Pelrose 

 received the Ora N. Arnold 
Award In political science; Ja> 
V. Slrlbflfig, received (lie Her liert Gamlirell Award in his lory; EdwIn'Wallhall Jr., Belle 
Mayer lirombcrK Award in 
English, ami Girdon Wands 
Arthur Young & Co. Junior 
Award. 
- 
: 
- 

Jesse M..VIllagran Jr., t 

 freshman al Massachusetts In slitute of Technology, placed first in the field of indivldua shooters at the New Englaiu 
Cullcgc Ri/lc League finals recently. 

Cadet Col. Harold C. Davis 

Jr., corps commander of the 
Roosevelt High school Junior 
ROTC unit, has been selecte( as the second place winner it the Iwys division of the Elks 
National Youth Leadcrsliii 
Contest and recipient of ; 
SI,75o educational certificate. 

Holy Cross tjigh Schoo 

 senior Mario Alvarado has been named "Piper Scholar in the 12th annual Piper 
-Scholar Awards competitioi for superior scholastic ability character and financial need. 
Nursing Home 
Meet Planned 

More than COO nursing home 

 owners and administrators will be here Monday for the 24th annual spring meeting of Hit 
Texas Nursing Home Associa- tion. 

.The four-day meeting will be 

 in Hie Convention Center am the Hilton Palacio del Wo Ho lei. 

The association represents 

 some 5o,ooo licensed nursing home beds in Texas. 

School Alumni 
Set Reunion 

Horace Mann Junior ;High 

School alumni will gather May 
I for tlieir 
-lOth Jubilee. 

Hcunion. It will begin at 7 p.m. at the school. 

MOTHER'S DAY IS SUNDAY, MAY 12TH 

ZALES 

Our People Make Us Number One 

Our diamonds 

 have shown the way 

 to Mom's heart 

 for half a century. 

o. Swirl bJiUil scl. W dlamonrh, 14 knral fiOkJ. $1.8oo. b. Clusle' pcndiinl, 7 diamonds, I oril lolil wdahf, 

MkntatjioM, JGW. 

 c. DlamixKl soM.ilrn iMlihl sol, 14 k.vnl ROkl, $67!i. 
(1. fanulne op .il ilng, o (iinnujfHJi, M kflral nokl, $175. c. WeiWIno b-inci, fi diamond!,, 1o gonulno Mpni>'"i5, 
H lur.il ROW, $475. 

1. CwslollMkxi iHldJt scl, 17 diamonds, 14 knr.il now, JflM. jj. Insert (inf.. 1o dhmomb, 14 k.ir.H gokl, $2o5. h. Oi.imond solil.uro, d-nionj;, H h.vnl Hold, $3W. 
COMING SOONI ZALES RANDOIPII PLAZA, 

UNIVERSAL CITY, TEXA.S 
Z.iloi ifovoMfiK UI.VRO « ^.i'oi tusloni Ciwgo 

OanVAmoficard • iVaslcr CM.VHO 

American Ctfxoss • Ulnors Club • UyOftjy 

Ti^a oiv vfl'y«:<«ilj-n roe>,*rt rt-.v.VKvl^e'sl'l irvir.nioos cninicrt. 

P^rlt ttrrttttu 
I'arkVMinp ' 

San Antonip EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 

"t 
~e- 

-r t ' x 

F/ / ^." 

S.H'- 

Poerner... 

 man for All reasons 

The 2lst Congressional District is a huge area ... 32 counties, 
51,ooo square miles, one-half million rural and urban people. 
It takes a "man of the land" to know these people. And 
John Poerner [s that man ... by a wide margin! 
For John Poerner is a native son of this land .... a member of a Pioneer Texas family that settled in the midst of this diverse area over 125' years ago- He is a true "man of the Jand". active in farming, ranching and land development. He is also a businessman . . . director of a bank and president of his own land surveying company. 

 v 

In addition, John Poerner has served with distinction in the Texas Legislature longer than any candidate running in the 2-lst District race. 

A firm advocate of Federal assistance for soil and water conservation. John Poerner believes In underground water storage. He is also commuted to a strong predator control program. 

He champions better government, not bigger government; dema/tds a dollar's" worth of service for every tax dollar; favors a strong military posture. 

John Poerner, the man for all reasons. 

JOHN POERNER'S MANY HONORS INCLUDE 

~The "Outstanding Representative Award" in 1973 by 

 the Texas Sheriffs Association 
The "Distinguished Legislator Award'. 
1 in 1973 by the 

Vocational Agriculture Teachers Association 
The "Conservation Av/aTd" in 19/3 by the Woodmen 

_pf the \Vorfd 

The "Agricultural Halt of Fame Award" in 1972 by 
Southwest Texas Slate University 

 i^^:!^^^^. 

POERNER 
Vour Conservative Choice 

POLITICAL ADVERTISING PAID FOR BY COMMITTEE FOR JOHN POCRNEH. ALBERT VANCE CIMIRMAN/P. o. BOX 468, HONDO TEXAS 

PUBLISHED BY: SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS, SAN ANTONIO,TEXAS 
4/13/74 AND HI H/74 

' Onfce 

:'The Best 

-V I 

Onc&known as the "Best andv Prettiest" minor 

 league baseball' park in the/nation, Mission Pork is just a skeleton. Office or manufacturing build- ings are planned for the land 

•DAY WEEK 
Indi.Mu.l wha ho, 

'»p«rflhct Mirolfaj ond t/pln. fo/flfrcww Poli<l«i and Per. 

'I AtrlomoblU PoHclii. 
PltniaM wo.VI, 

GENERAL 

Insurance Agency 
152o N. Main 
' ~ Call For 

Appointment 

224-66o1 

SB 
1 

Waalca flMElY PHOTO 

SPECIALS 

SAVE NOW ON FILM DEVEIOPIN6, PRINTING 

 fm.fim. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

^ 

EKTACHMMEOB 

KODACHRQME 

;-*^ MOVIES OR SLIDES 

 l«I developed 

8MM, Super 8, 35MM-2o ex- 
( 

 posurc 126 wilh Ihis coupon. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

KODAGOLOR 
DEUEIOPING 
199 

Up (o 1 2 exposures... developed and prlnled wilh fhi's coupon. Film size CXI 26-12. 

COUPON HPIRiS 4-7o-74 

VALUABLE COUPON 

KQDAGOLOR 
DEVELOPING 

$<299 
'^^!f\ 
' 
'" 
'"• 
^g^ 
Up lo 2o exposures... 
" ^-^ developed and printed wiffi Ihis coupon. Film sizeCX 126-2o. 

VALUABLE COUPON 

5"x7" COLOR 
ENLARGEMENT 

Both color enlarge- ments from single 

 negative or slide only. 

(OUFOK ISrilES 4-H-74. 

 f ?*'&; 

'Reserved' Seal 

Many a Sari Antonio- baseball fan has sat in" this seat, but no more. 
The dismantling of Mis- sion Stadium is about complete. 

I 253 

Sfy i^S 

 iCJ>j/'?.-.3.:-> ;;.-.;! :. 

• "'i.^f^J- V;;4X'M 

:•:••:: :'«'^^:v- i .-i;'..:'. ' »Vi«: . .'-' • 
• -;:' :^, i: j, : '. •' 
: >F-'t 

From the Dugout 

This scene shows what used to be (he infield of Mission Stadium, looking out from the first base dugout. The last time a professional learn played at the stadium was in 1967. 

 m 

If, 

1 

Eva Mane Saint and Richard Basehari star .n the 

 dramatic portrayal of Mrs. Woodrow Wilson's unique involvement in her husband's last years as president 

 channel 5 Q:3opm 

 something SPECIAL fror 

Only Memories. 

Just about all that remains of Mission Stadium, where Texas League baseball-' looms once romped, is steel and wood. .The stadium is being torn down by its nev " owners.—Staff Photos by Ron Jones. 
Y f • 

PROTECTING 

PRICELESS VISION 

FOR FOUR GENERATIONS 

OFFICES THROUGHOUT SAN ANTONIO AREA 

Consult Yollow Poflos (or iho 

 nnn, .., Lo° °Ptlcnl noaroal you. 
OPEN ALL DAY MONDAY THROUGH SATUftDAYI 

!/)OK TO LRR 
FOR QUALITY 

GLASSES 

SINGLE 
VISION 
ONE PRICE. 19 
9o 

 f 24 
9fl 
BIFOCAL 
& TRIFOCAL 
ONE PRICE 

CONTACT 
LENSES 
ONE PRICE 

Second pair ol conlaol lonjos pur'-' chasod at samo llmo will coal onlv 
*2o,oo moro. You may havo ono pair and anolhoc parson the sac, ond pair. 
Your oy« physician's (M D.) or oplomelrljl's proscriptions lillod In 
Ino Iramo of your choice from our 

 eoloclfon. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, Apnf 14, 1974 

SLA Targets Go Into 

Hiding 

Kidnap 
Victims 

 famous kLTn9 
I Hearst top right, has earned a niche alongside other 

 noZ,rth?kSPnnBS-r 
Pan,ftle°n °f Amen'Can Crime' Among the other 

Hohnr u u ?J£ lmS OVer the p°st several decades ho™ been, top from left. 
Barbara Mackle, W.IHam Hamm Jr., and Miss Hearst. Bottom, from I& George 
, 

Wire^h r 
' 

, 

Q 
H°Ward 

•wi tuiu ivuviu 1>U11 UlT/.L, Inbll 

Portrait of a Revolutionary: 

SAN FRANCISCO - Two of three persons 

 marked for death by the Symbionese Libera- tion Army have gone into hiding. 
.Along wllh law enforcement death U'rcals against three officials, they fear Unit tlic "FBI informers." H<! said llic group inlends to carry out Us threat. 

"Of course, [ (Jo'n't want to 

<llc," said Colston Wcslbrook, former coordinator uf Viicavlllc 
Prison's Black Cultural As- sociaton, whlcli was the origin of Iliu Symbionese Liberation 
Army. He lias moved tils 
African wife and young sun, 
Ngeke, from Hie Bay Area and 
Is hiding oul on the Kasl Coast. 

Reached by telephone. 

Westbruok said Mxil police authorities had warned him (a leave the Bay Area. "[ got my wife oul Saturday night," he- said. "The police were 

 extremely nervous. They told me to get the hell out of Micro. 
The SLA really wants me had." 

Threats 

The tcrrnrisl group istno one 

 which last week sent a tape recording to a San l''rancisco 
.radio station containing a sla- 
.tement by Patricia Hearst in 
'which she said she had joined 
•her kidnapers as a revolu- tionary fighter. 

In another porlion of me 

(ape, "General Field Marshal 
Cinque," who has been iden- tified as' escaped convict 
Donald David Ucfreeze, issued 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - He saw himself as 

 society's victim, plagued by poverty and tor- mented by feelings of powerlessncss. 

And he was haunted by the 

 thought: "1 was slowly bcconi' ing a nothing. 

"1 think ll)cy Ihink 1 am 

 nuts." the prison convict wrote in JU7o when he slill was known byiliis real name, Donald David 
DeFreeze, 

 two months ago, he became 

 known to the world as Cinque, self-styled field marshal of' tho 
Symbionese Liberation Aimy, the group thai kidnaped 1'atri- cia^Hearst. 

 tlie tape recorded voice of 

Cinque threatened 
Miss 

Hearst's life, expounded revolu- tionary rhetoric and volun- 

 teered his own life to lielp the poor and oppressed. But the na- ture of the man who s|»ke re- mained a mystery. 

Through examination of court 

 records and through interviews with family and acquaintances across the country, 
Miss 

Hearst's chief captor emerges as .<i' hum capable of love and violence, rr personality laced with contradictions. 

Potential Killer 

A prascdilor viewed him .-is 

 potential killer, a man with ";i tolal lack of regard for human life." Probation officers said ho was a loving father to six chil- dren but warned that he was obsessed with weapons and 

 coijld'be 'dangerous. Kmploycrs called him a diligent ivorkor, and friends said he was bright and personable. 

But DeFrceze, 3o, n lifetime 

 loser' In battles with tbc law, escaped from prison In 1o73 ami 
.starlet) over again with the name "Cinquo" — title of an 
African chief who led a slave ship mutiny in 183o. 

"To start a story of a man's 

 life, you can't start at the end bin at the start," I)oFroo/o wrote In 197o when he sought to explain Ids own life to a judge. 

The story of Donald 
De- 

Freeze began in Cleveland, 

 where he was born, (tieeldest of eight children. His mother, 

Mary, was and still is n regis- tered nurse nt u convalescent home, tils fnihcr, now dead, wafc n tool maker. 

He finished the ninth grade, 

 then left home and went to Buf- falo, N.Y. lie was to live with a cousin. But that didn't work oul, a n d - . RcFrco/e wound up 

 rooming with the Hev. Willlnm 
I.. Foster, a fundamentalist 

 minister, and his family. 
- Foster rememljors him ;us "a gel up and go klct" who made money by collecting and selling junk mid scrap metal. 

At M, DcFroe/c was arrested 

In Uuffalo for trying to break open n parking meter, Ihcti for nuto Ihefl. Ho was sent to a re- formalory. In Inlcr years, De- 
Frceze referred ID the institu- tion variously as a prison nnd'a mon.lnl hospital. 
/ 

-Fear ami Hale, 
'jlifo In Iho prison, 'an we 

 calhfd II, was nothing Imt fcrtr mid jifilo, dny in unil dny out,' no'tfrcozc wrote In his IS17o lot- 

Qjjier inmntcs, he 
Hiild, 

 sliiuirici! him hivnu.se "f would mil he n purl of any of llu> KaiiR.H. bla^k or white,,., 1 didn't linle uiiypiio, black or while, iiiul 
Ihoy tinted mo for It." 

I'nrolcd titlcr two yonra In 

1962, DeFrceze asked the Fos- ters it he could marry their daughter, Harriet. They refused find never heard from him 

 again. 

DeFreeze moved to Newark, 

N.J. He found rejection and loneliness and blamed it on his prison record. But lie met 
Gloria Thomas, tour years old- er than lie and with three chil- dren. 
. 
* 

"She was nice and lovely; I 

 fell in love.with her, I think;'1 
•DeFrceze: wrote.. "I believe I 

 just glad and happy (hat 

Man Called Cinque 

 anyone would have me the way 
I was. I was in love and life really bccamereal to me." 

He married Gloria in 1963. Ho 

 was 19. The Rev. James A. 
Scott, who married them in 
Newark, remembers "the wom- an .as being very talkative, while DeFrecic was quiet, pas- sive and reserved." 

Later, DeFreeze would blame 

 his marriage —which ended in divorce in 1973 — for many of his troubles. His wife gave birth to three more children, and ho said the worries of trying to support them engulfed him. 

On Nov. 17, IMfl, DeFrce/.e 

 was wounded In a shooting in 
Los Angeles ,-ind arrested 

There was an exchange of 

 gunfire with a security guard. 
Police joined the shooting, and 
DeFrceze was hit in (lie hand and foot. 

Defended Himself 
At the trial, he discharged UK 

 public defender and was ruled, competent to defend .himself. 
He schooled himself In law and tiled slacks of legal briefs, many hand-printed ou yellow loyal pads, using formal legal language. 

The prosecutor who opposed 

 him and other court observers said he was personable and in- telligent, presenting n good de- fense. In his final summation, lie read the Bible, wept and sang hymns to the jury. The ju- rors deliberated five hours and- 

 convicted him on all charges. 

For the Shootout and prior 

 offenses, DeFree/c was sent to the California Medical Facility at Vacaville for five years to life with possibility of proba- tion. 

On March 5, 1973, DcFrceze 

 was eseoted to his work as- signment by a guard. When the guard, checked 25 minules later, DeFreeze was gone. 

He was not to be heard about 

 again until Feb. 12, when a San 
Frandiscd radio station 

 received a (ape recording from the Symbiunese Liberation 
Army, which police describe as a multiracial group with about 
25 members. The tape con- tained the voice of Miss Hearst, kidnaped eight days earlier, anil of Cimiuc. 

In cine of his (ape messages, 

 after been identified by [lie news media as DcFree/.e, 
Cinque said: "They the Hearst 
Corp. have seemingly said by their actions thai they know me and therefore do mil have lo repent for their crimes. 

However, to this I would say 

 yes. Youdo, indeed know me. 
Ynu have always known me. 

"I'm that nigger you have 

 hunted and feared night and day. I'm that nigger you have killed hundreds of my people in 

 a vain hope of finding. I'm that nigger that is no longer just hunted, robbed and murdered. 

"I'm thai nigger that hunts 

 you now." 

Faces of Ciiicpie 

These are photos of Donald David DeFreeze, the self- 
, styled Symbionese Liberation Army field marshal referred to as "Cinque." Photo at left shows him in 
1969. The photo at right was taken this year. — AP 
Wirephotos. 

15,ooo EDUCATORS CAN'T BE WRONG! 

ABRAHAM D. "ABE" R1BAK won the endorsement of the 
EDUCATOR'S POLITICAL ACTION COUNCIL representing some 15,ooo teachers and administrators of the 17 
School Districts of Bexar County Including the San Antonio 
& North East School Districts in his race for State 
Representative District 57G. 

This Is Our Invitation To You. . . 

Come and visit us at our New Location and 

Learn how to be a Happy NON SMOKER 

YOU WILL STOP SMOKING ON MAY 16TH 

« WITHOUT CLIMBING THE WALLS 
• WITHOUT GAINING WEIGHT 
• WITHOUT BEING NERVOUS 

If you want to stop with a feeling of Personal Success-and with a smile-then brina 

 your c.garoltes and como to our free introductory meeting 
9 

 m«ni 
TIT 
-n'* baS6d o[\co,mmon SBnso' gro"P dynamics and step-by-stop accomplish- 

 ments. No w,|| power needed, No scare tactics used. No contracts ,?„„«I. YoTXke iSl™^ A n ' 
'° ^°.a nJ°nSr°kor- lt/s 'he Painlo» wajf-fhe easy wav-toTop smoking. And bring your friends, it's the nicest thing you could do (or a friend 
P 

\m 
,-RV«3 iip&($tm& 

* Club, fac. 

' The common sense approach 

 to'quilting smoking" 

SPERRY RAND BLDG. 
1o1o6 DESERT SANDS 

(Across-From San Francisco Steak House) 

 group Intended In "resume normal offensive cftml;;it 

 operations against "II enemies o( the pooplc." 

'llic three persons ordered to 

 be "sliol on siglil" were Robyii 
Slelner, 21, a former girlfriend of an'alleged SLA member; 
Christopher Thompson, a former associalc of the or- ganization; and Wcsthrook, :)6. 
All three were accused by the organization of being FIJI in- forma/Us. Aside from the fhreo named, law enforcement of- ficials have cautioned several others. 

Accusation 

The terrorist organizalion as accused Westbrook of be- itf! a government agent 

 working fur military in- 

 telligence while giving cross- assistance to the FBI." 

Westbrook said that he has 
•ooperated with the FBI and 
Oakland police authorities in order lo speed the release of 
Miss Hearst. "I have a lot of information on those people," he said. 

Thompson and Miss Kleiner 

 had been closely associated with persons alleged to he members of the group before the murder of Foster. Miss 
Sleiner was a girlfriend of 
Russell Little, 2-1, who has teen indicted, along with Joseph 

Ilcmiro, 27, In the Foster murder. ' 

Since her name appeared on 

(lie terrorists' "hit Jlsl" iast week, Miss Stcincr has dropped out of college and gone into hiding. 

 in a telephone conversation, 

 her lawyer Philip Carllon of 
Miami, said Miss Kleiner "Is living alone in great fear for her life. The SLA seems to lie capable of carrying oul their 
Ihrcats." She dropped out of 
Mlami-Dade College April 3 after receiving a telephone call from Ihc Bay Area informing her of the death Ihreal. 

Thompson, the third person 

 on the Symbionese "tiit list" Is associated with several Bay 

Area radical groups, and had dated female members of the organization before the Hearst kidnaping. Thompson went on 
San Francisco television'(his week to appeal to the terrorist organization for a "trial'.!:and asked that he be allow.qd to name six jurors, Including 
Hep, Ron Dellums (D-Calif,), 
Black Panther Parly leader 
Bobby Scale, and the widow of 
Marcus Foster. Thompson Mid last week that he knew several members of the SLA and that he had sold a gun lo Ilusscl! 
Ltllle. 

Though small, the SLA 

 manages fa convey fear that It can strike anywhere. 

U.S. CIVIL SERVICE TESTS^ f 

High pay and secoro jobs may be yours in Civil Servi^o:" 
Grammar school sufficient lor many jobs. Send for lift of lyprcol jobs and salaries and how you can prepare at horned for government entrance exams. Preparation Ihroufch'1 
Home Slody since 1948. 

MAIL COUPON TODAY 

Lincoln Service, Dapt. 95-L 
221 1 Broadway, Pekin, Illinolj 61954 

Ncme 
Ago 

Tjfr.Q of fiomc 

Slalc' 
.......... 
Zip . 

 pan mode 

 famous names, many styles 

Regularly $13 

Regularly $17.,~.. I >£« 

Regularly $23 
14.9o 

Savings on a wide choice of late-season slyles in spring and summer colors, all from famous makers. Sandals, pumps, straps, buckles, flals in patents and leathers. Not every stylo in every size, but wonderful selections, 

Lodios' Shoos, Dillard's First Lovol 

Atflli', B'6*nir<-le. Cofpm Chilli, Son ArJarJo 

3D i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, J974. 

GOP Slips 
On Peace, 
Prosperity 

By George Gallup 

PRINCETON, N.J. - Republican party 

 strategists who maintain the perennial issues of peace and prosperity will overshadow Wa- tergate in coming congressional elections can take little comfort from the latest Gallup survey. 

The findings reported Sun- 

 day show (he GOP hits fallen far behind the Democratic party since 1H72 as Hie party voters see as better uble lo 
Keep (lie country prosperous. 
Republicans have also lust ground, but to a lesser extent, on the issue of peace. 

Thrice decades of polltny 

 experience have showi 

"peace" and "prosperity" to be key issues in virtually all lli< iiiiliomil elections. 
. Furthermore, u close rela- tionship can be found hclwcrr how the voters rate the two parlies in their relative abili- ties to deal with these two problems and (he voters' presidential preferences in election surreys. 

Two Issues 

On the issue, of prosperity, 

 tlie GOP lias declined 19 points since 1972. Two years ago the 
Republicans held a marginal 38 to 35 per cent lead over the 
Democrats on this issue. 
Today, however, about half the public (49 per cent) believe the 
Democrats better able to keep the nation prosperous. 

Tire GOP has also slipped 

 since 1972 on the issue of peace, but to a much lesser extent. In the 1972 survey, the GOP had a slight edge, 32 to 2S per cent, on this issue. Now the edge goes to the Democrats, 3;i to 'H pel- cent. 

Tlie 
.Vietnam peace 

 settlement in January 1o73 — which- boosted 
President 

Nixon's popularity to an ull- linie high — his overtures to 
Peking and Moscow and, more recently. Secretary of State 
Kissinger's efforts to maintain peace in the Middle East can all be considered to be factors 

GALLUP 

POLL 

 behind llio relative stability of the OOP figure on the peace issue in contrast to the parly's sharp decline on the issue of prosperity. 

Comparison 

The following tables compare 

 the latest results will) those recorded in llio hist survey in which these questions were asked (conducted iti niul-Sep- tMnhcr-1972): 

QUESTION: "Looking ahead 

 for tlie next few years, which political party 
— the 

Republican or the Democratic 
— do you tliitik will do the bel- ter joi) of keeping tlie country prosperous?" 

Rep. Demo. Same No 

 ei 
,. 
OjJin. 

 l» 
$ 
» 
» 
*' 
H 18 

QUESTION: "Which poll- 

 ical party do you think would 
>e mure likely to keep the 
United States out of World War 
II — ttie Republican parly or he Democratic parly?" 

Fall l? 
'pring 

Rep. 
Demo. Sonic No 

Onin. 

Spring m« 
M 
33 
1! 
2t 

The results reported are 

 based on in-pci'son interviews with 1,537 adults, 18 and older, interviewed in more than 3o(1 scientifically selected localities ii tlie nation during (lie period 
March 23-April 1. 

Nixon's Rating 
Remains Same 

PRINCETON, N.J. 

— President Nixon's job rating remains unchanged in the la- test Gallup survey. 

The figures reported Sunday 

 recorded before tin* findings of the investigation inlti Nixon's 
•tux records were released, s>how 2B per cent of the ]HI|I]|L-- inaplirovc of the w;iy Nixon is bundling Ills job as President. 
About Uvo-lliinls. K5 per cent, disapprove, and !l per cent have mi opinion. 

The President's rating h;is 

 fluctuated very little diirini; 
1!)7-}, reaching a hjgb nf 28 PIT cent and a low of 25 per cent, approval during Hie year. 

Here is the [|iiestion asked 

 about cacli president since Hie administration of Franklin IX 
Hnoscvcll: 

Latest 
Survey 

"Do you approve or 

 disapprove of (be way (name of incumbent) is dandling bis job as president'.'" 

Here arc the latest ruilional 

 results and the trend [or Ibis year: 

MIXOM JOB RATING 

Ap. 
Dli, 
No. 

Opln. 

Mor.MI, IS I! 
Feb. J2-3i, f.'.nr. M rcb. Ml. 
1S-1I 

. 
. 
ID 

Jon. t-l 
II u 
|o 

Tlie results re.porlnl are 

 based on ill-person interviews willr 1,4:17 adults, 1ft and older, in more Iban :|(H) scientifically 
-selected localitiK, in tlie nation during the period March 29- 
April i. 

Campaign for $139 

The clean took of campaign slylino on a handsome pair ot sawhorses is generally available in malle-lini'jhed walnut voneer or In smooth while lacquer. The desk top is 33^"x 
551j"; drawer unit wilh brass pulls is 13,'j" deep. $139. 
AlSlorchousc:65'17 SanPuciroal Ihc corner of Jackson 
Keller. Tel. 341-2231. storehouse 

11 lard's 

Viter Easter 

 starts 

 designer dresses 

 to off 

Dresses, jacket dresses, pant- suits and long dresses in many styles. Sizes 8-2o. 

Dresses, Dillard's First level 

 junior dresses 
25% i« 5o% 

Originally S2o-S38. Short dresses, long dresses and pantsuits in many styles. 

Juniors', Dillard's First Level 

 pantsuits, dresses 
4o% to 5o% off 

Orig. S13-S4o. Jackets dress- es, 1-pc. dresses, longs, pant- suits in easy-care polyester. 

Dresses, Dillard's First Love! 

 ladies9 

 sportswear 
3o%to5o%off 

Choose from pants, skirts, jackets, shirt jacs, blazers and' lurtlenecks on sale. 

Sportswear, Dillord's First Level 

MMMMOiM misses9 

 coordinates 

'/& off 

Orig. $14-$45. West Coast maker's sportswear go-to- gethers. 8-18. 

Sportswear, Dillard's First Level 

 top name coordinates 

 to off 

Orig. S18-S48. Go-togethers in many colors, styles and fabrics. Sizes for misses. 

Sportswear, Dillard's Fitst Level 

 misses dresses 
18% to 5o% off 

A wonderful collection in many styles, fabrics and col- ors. Sizes 8 to 2o, 

Drosses, Dillard's First level 

•BMMMM^H jackets and pants 

Jl O 
Pants, orig. $25 

£i*9 
Jackets, orig. $4o 

Misses' plaid and solid pants by a famous maker. Jackets in white, navy or brown. 

Sportswear, Dillard's First Level 

 boys9 

 sportswear 
25% to 33% off 

Jackets, pants and shirts at savings for boys. Assorted colors, styles, fabrics, sires. 

Boys', Dillard's First Levol 

 men's knit shirts 
3.99 

Compare at S8-$1o. Short sleeve styles in many fabrics and colors. Save now! 

Men's, Dillard's First level 

^mmmmmmmmmtm men's casual slacks 

4o% off 

Were S18-S22. Solids, checks and plaids in cotton/poly- ester blends. Sizes 28-4o. 

Trend Shop, Dillard's First level 
•••••••^•H 

 men9s shirts 
4.99 

Compare at 
8.5o. 
Short 

 sleeve dress shirts in no-iron blends. Sizes 14W-17V4. 

Mon's Fumlshlngi, First Uval 

 custom six« sportswear, dresses men's furnishings ... reduced! 

Pants, orig. $11-24 
7.99-] 1 99 

Pantsuits, orig. $36-86 t 
19 99.59 99 

Coat costumes, orig. $66-92 
39.99-46.99 

Jacket dresses, orig. $52-74 
28.99-59.99 

Print blouses, orig. $13-24 ..' 
8.99-15.99 

Sweaters or pantcoats, orig. $2o-34 
9.99-19.99 

Drosses, orig, $26-56 
1o.99-27.99 

Sizes 36-46 and 1214-24 V5 , 

Womon'i World, DKIard'i Firtl Uvol 

Men's sport shirts. Orig. $15 
7.99 

Men's slacks, Orig. $14-21 
11.99 

Young men's cuffed jeans, wore $1o-13 
6.99 

Men's fashion tics, of polyester, orig. $4-6.5o 
2.99 

Men's cuff links, orig. 2.95-3.95 
49e 

Men's leather billfolds, orig. 7.5o-15.oo 
2.99 

Double knit cuffed'slacks, sizos 28-4o. Were $18-2o 4o% off 
Doubloknit blazers in 36 short-44 long. Woro $75 .. 4o% off 

 s n 
SHOP 
.".Mun..,^....,...-.^..,^... 

MONDAY THHOUG,, MTUBMY 1o A.M. TH, 9 P.M. ... PHONE MI-5I5I 

Schwarz' Perma - Stone 
One of City's Leaders 

In Its Field 

 liy Alan Bailey 

In the home improvement field, Pcnna- 

Stone San Antonio Co. lias become one of San 
Antonio's leaders. 

"I lliink there lias been a 

 stigma attached In Iho linmc. improvement business localise,' some people will set up shop 
. : ;;..:.x, 
-for six months 

: - '" 
'%,.,'or a year ami 

•,\lhen move on, 

 f.'Mlsiild David A. 

 y?Schwar/. 
II, 

$-,Pcrma-Slone 
Downer. 

"We've been 

 in liiisiness 22 
^years, and we. 
Vdon'l have any 

 high pressure 
We sell our 

 liallcy 

 salesmen. 

 product," said Schwar/, whose father founded the company In 
1952. 

Although the company 

 handles all types of home tmpinvcincnls such as roofing, remodeling, etc., the com- pany's nuiiti line is slonc mould facing. 

The company holds a 17 

L'uimty national franchise for 
Perma-SUme, a special type uf stone facing. 

"There arc only five dealers 

 in Texas, and last year we did more business than any o[ the rest," said Schwarz. 

Schwar/. explained also two 

 months ago the national com- pany -merged with Surfa- 
Shield, ii national concern th;il specializes in aluminum sid- int,'. 

"Our new aluminum siding 

 is made from'Tcdlar, which is 
'sn strong it comes with a 4o. year non-prorated gjarantec," said Schwar/. 

The Perma-Stonc has a lite- 

 time guarantee, said Schwarz. 

Heating 

"On a one story frame house, 

Perma-Stune will eut the cost of heating or cooling by one- 

 third," said Kchwiirz. "It is al-l so fire-safe, weather-resistant and vermin-proof." 

Schwarz said a couple ofi 

 years ago, the company 

 purchased an old farm house between San Antonio and 
Scguin and placed Pcrma- 
Stone around it. 

"We then set fire to the 

 house, .and the only thing left after the fire was the Pcrma- 
Stone," said .Schwarz. "And it was still standing." 

There are several different 

 mould designs, and .said 
Schwartz tbe company has "an 

Perma-Stone 
Construction 

David A. Schwarz II, owner of Perma-Stone San Antonio Co., shows a sample of the various steps of construction when the stone facing is placed on a house. The company also does all types of home improvements. 

 unlimiled amount of natural mineral colors to choose from." 

Schwar/, said Pcrma-Stonc 

 can be installed over any type of surface — frame, block, brick or stucco. 

"Although a lot of our work is 

 with older homes, we <lu new homes and it's become real popular with mobile homes," said Schwarz 

The company used Perma- 

Stone on churches, shopping centers and molels. 

Inside 

"There is also a demand fur 

1'enrM-Slone on-ljie inside of homes for such things as dens, bars and fireplaces," said 
Schwar/,. 

Tlie Pcrma-Stoiie .surface is 

 prepared at each job site, said 
Schwarz in explaining how 
Porma-Stone is applied. 

First (he house is cin'e 

 with black fell, and Ihu lelt is then covered with black metal. 

A base coat consisting of 

1'orlland Cement and sand, plus Perma-Slone Uialcx, is properly cross scratched and allowed lo cure. 

 fn Die application, the mould 

 is first lined with a wax paper, and colored Pcrma-Slonc sur- facing material is sifted to ob- tain tbe varied colors. 

The mould is then filled with 

Portland cement and sand 

 mix and pressed firmly onto the wall surface. 
After a 

 uniform bond has been effect- ed, the mould is removed at once. 

The wax paper is left to aid in 

 the curing and to keep off any mortar which might be spat- tered on it by the next cast. 

The joints are then raked and 

 the wax paper stripped off, leaving the stone clean and finished with natural cement joints. 

The price of 
Pcrma-Stonc 

 surfaces varies from job lo job, but Schwar/. said the cost is tielow that of face brick cons- truction. 

Sunday, 

April 14, 1974 

Finished Product 

Here David Schwarz II, owner of Perma-Stone San Antonio Co., examines a stone facing that was placed on a house. In addition to the stone facing the company has started using aluminum siding in the home improvements. The stone facing has a lifetime guarantee. 

Remains 

The Perma-Stone is all that remains from a fire the company set at a farmhouse as a demos- tration. 

FREE PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE 

DON'T BE A SPECTATOR; JOIN THE FUN. 
WE'VE PUT TOGETHER A PERSONAL BLUEPRINT 
FOR YOUR FIESTA FUN AND COMFORT. FIRST, 
A PURE GRAPHIC PLAID SPORTCOAT OF 1oo% 
POLYESTER IN RED/WHITE/BLUE, WEAR IT 
OVER A JOHN WEITZ FIESTA PANT OF POLY- 
ESTER POPLIN IN DENIM COLOR OR NAVY 
WITH WHITE STITCHING. OPEN THE COLLAR 
OF YOUR NUBBY YELLOW THANE SHIRT IN 
9o% POLYESTER — 1o% SILK AND ., . OLE! 

SPORTCOAT $75.oo 

HOUSTON ST, AT BROADWAY 

4111 McCUUOUGH 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Handy 
Andy 

This is an architect's drawing of the two new Handy Andy supermarkets ihat will be completed later this year. To be located ot Feathercrest and Nacogdoches 
Roads and at Bitters and San Pedro Ave., the 34,ooo sq. ft, stores will offer the finest domestic and foreign foods available coupled with the utmost in shopping conveniences. 

New Handy Andys Started 

Construction has begun on two San Antonio 

Handy Andy Supermarkets with completion slated for later this year, said Charles L. 
Becker, Handy Andy president. 

Handy Andy, the 1973 Na- 

.tional Brand Names Founda- 

 tion's "Retailer ot the Year", has selected two Northeast San 

Wage, Price Controls 
Dead Due to Lobbying 

By Hobart Rowen 

WASHINGTON - Thanks to an extraor- 

 dinarily efficient lobbying job by business and labor groups — especially the AFL-CIO 
— the prospect that any form of wage and price controls will be continued after April 
3o is dead. 

The Nixon Administra- 

 tion, which never wanted controls in the first place, lost the opportunity for stand-by coulrols by 

 equivocating on the issue. 
' Even the skeleton 

 authority provided in an eleventh-hour bill in- 

 troduced by Rep. William 
J. Stanton (R-Ohlo), that would monitor decontrol commitments previously made by large companies has been killed by Ihe 
House banking committee. 

To abandon all govern- 

 ment controls, as Sen. 
Jacob Javits (R.-N.Y.) has said, is irresponsible at a lime when inflation rales in the United States are higher than at any time since the first world war. 

When the administration 

 proposed dropping vir- tually all controls on April 
3o. it confidently expected thai a 
Democratic 

Congress, anxious to keep 
Ihe monkey nn Nixon's back, would say "no." By keeping conlrols in force, the Congress would have saddled the administration for the responsibility of decontrolling at a lime ul high inflation. 

"We gave Nixon all Ihc 

 ammunition ho needed," the Democrats on Ihc Hill might have said. 

In fact, that reasoning 

 accounts for the origin of the original Economic 
Stabilization Act in 1o7o, which the 
Democrats 

 passed over Nixon's objec- tion—and which, when lie used it on August 15, 1o71, stunned Democrats as well as Republicans who knew 
Mr. Nixon's record of op- position Id controls. 

Now, the Democratic 

 leadership on the Hill has caved in completely in the business and labor pres- sures. 

With some validity, 

 labor argues thai in the past year, price control has been allowed to 

 become ineffective bul 
(hat wages have been kept under tighter control. 

Labor 

Labor can even cite one 

 of its current arch 

 enemies, Federal Reserve 
Board Chairman Arthur 
Burns. !o validate its claims lhal workers' real purchasing power has been cut by as much as 4 percent during the past 12 months. 

"There's nobody left for 

 controls except a few economists," says a pro- conlrols senator quite sadly, "and nobody is quite sure Ihesc days lhal you should believe w'hat the economist say." 

The prospect lhal Ihe 

 plug would be pulled all a I. once on April 3o disturbs 
Cosl of Living Council 
Director .lolm T. Dunlop, who has been conducting a one-man campaign for support of a compromise 
Democratic measure 

 sponsored by Senators 
Adlaf R. Stevenson (I) -. 
III.) and ,!. Bennett Johns- 
,ton, Jr( (D-I,a.) which would have kept controls 

 for another six months, with stand -by authority for six months beyond that. 

Originally, the adminis- 

Iralion asked for extension 
.of mandatory controls only on health and petroleum, and intended to keep them on the construction area as well. 
: 

But the Senate Banking 

Committee overwhel- 

 mingly killed the Steven- son-Johnston bill, which sent Dunlop scampering valiantly for something like the Johnston bill. 

There is no question that, 

 public enthusiasm for con- lrols has dwindled. 

With prices skyrocket- 

 ing, consumers obviously believe they have become useless. 

Kvcr since the unhappy 

— even idiotic — abandon- ment of Phase II in 
January, 1973, the effec- tiveness of price controls has been all downhill. 

Doubt 

So there was liltle doubt 

 that April 3o was to have marked the end of one era, that ot mandatory con- trols. 

It should have marked 

 the beginning of another 
—the availability to the government of formal stand-by controls. 

This is the route that an 

 expert like Arnold Weber, 
Ihe first COLC director advocates. 

The reasoning is that 

 some governmental 

 authority has to be availa- ble and sensitive to the price mechanism in this country so as to neulralize the' powerful special 

 interests that, exist. 

Sland by controls relat- 

 ing to wages are neces- 

 sary as well: it Is con- sidered likely, for 

 example, that with no government "club in the closet." construction wage increases this year will again zoom lo the 1o-14 per cent bracket. 

Much of the i»lenlial for 

 conlrolling inflation loday relates to encouragement of improved supply, and again, that calls for a governmental presence lo work wilh induslry and labor. 

None of his is compatible 

 with the passionate an- lipathy lo conlrols exhibit- ed by Ihe "free markel" men of the N'ixon Ad- ministration: Shultz, Stein, and Ash. 

To recall Bob Nathan's- 

 witticism, it's been like having the famous 

 madam, Polly Adler, run- ning a convent. 
But 

Democrats on Ihc Hill no longer can point lo (he ad- ministration as bearing the sole responsibility for a runaway inflation. 

They have failed the 

 counlry by succumbing lo business and labor 

 interests. 

As Weber says, "The 

(controls) orphan may nolj have been rolled under a truck, bul 
It's been 

 allowed lo waste away In 
Ihfisnow." 

Antonio locations for Us new 
34,ooo square-foot stores- 
—Feathorcresl al 
Nacog- 

 doches, to open in lale summer and Bitters Road at San Pedro, scheduled to open in early fall. 

In keeping with Handy 

Andy's concept in all San An- tonio, Houston and South Texas supermarket operations, both new San Antonio stores will provide Ihe utmost in shopping ease coupled wilh the very best domestic and foreign foods available. 

Each will have on-prcmlse 

 bakeries offering frcsh-from- the-oven breads, pastries and cakes. 

Custom designed wedding, 

 birthday and parly cakes will be available by special order. 

Shoppers will find prepared 

/nods lo lake home and, 

 unusual gourmet party fare at complete delicatessen facilities in both new slorcs. The finest selections of imported gourmet food products and wines from all over the world will be stocked in (ine food depart- ments- arid wine cellars in both locations. 

Bolh new San Antonio super- 

 markets will have wide service aisles and freezer cases for staples, canned goods and 

 household items, as well as 
Handy-Andy brand name labels on a wide assortment of products. 

Produced by nationally 

 known manufacturers under a contractual agreement, the 
Handy Andy brand offers, 

 shoppers quality fowls at lower prices. 

Other amenities will include 

 meat sections with self-service cases and special order butcher shops; fish markets with fresh wish and seafood delicacies; floral deparlmcnls with exten- sive selections of artificial flowers and accompaniments; and Ambassador greeting card shops. 

Drive-in bag service whereby 

 cuslomers may drive under covered areas adjacent to both stores and pick up their packages will allow packages to remain dry on rainy days and will give shoppers just one more special Handy Andy ser- vice. 

Architects are Richard S. 

Collcy of Corpus ChriMi, with 
Brown, Bunyon, & Moon. Los 
•Angeles, creating the interior design. General Contract is In- co, a subsidiary of Handy 
Andy, Inc. 

Prime Lending 
Regains 1o% 

NEW YORK CAP) - Com- 

 mercial banks' prime lending rale has regained its record 1o per cent level of last fall after a decline earlier this year and it appears headed for something higher yet. 

The rate's turnaround is 

 contrary to banks' own predic- tions earlier this year and its subsequent climb may or may not (ouch off government pres- sures tu restrain it. 

Rut as always, the movement 

 of the much-discussed rale means little if anything in any direcl way lo the everyday consumer, except as a signal of possible things lo conic. 

The prime rale is the interest 

 banks charge on short-term loans lo their best and biggest corporate cuslomers. It's sup- posed lo be a rate to watch, a signal of how older bank loans might go sooner or later — eventually even smaller con- sumer loans. 

But it takes a long time (or 

 the change in the rate on a short-term loan lo a giant cor- 

 poration lo carry over to a long-term SS.flOO auto loan. It also takes a trend, ami predic- tions on the prime rate recently have l>een less (ban perfect. 

The rate climbed lo its 

 record 1o per cent last fall in 
Ihe face of government 

 challenges and restraints, then began its decline. By early 
March this year, some banks had trimmed it to 8t,i per cent. 

Hankers at the lime 

 generally said the doclinc'sig- nalcd a continuing drop in interest rates, as the Arab oil embargo slowed the economy and burrowing and the Federal 
Reserve Board loosened credit conlrols lo encourage bank lending. 

Instead, business increased 

 its borrowing. Many firms were trying to boost their in- ventories before the end of price controls April 3o. As wilh any commodity, higher 

 demand means higher prices. 
In borrowing money, it means higher inicrest rates. 

Market Sees 
Slow Trading 

NEW YORK {AP> - The 

 stock market crawled loa small loss this past week In Ihe slowest trading in more than seven months. 

The Dow Jones average of 3o 

 industrials was down 2.73 lo 
844.81, and declining issues out- numbered those advancing by close to a 2-1 margin on the New 
York Stock Exchange. 

Big Board volume for tire 

 four-day week — Ihe markets were closed on Good Friday — was a skimpy 43.19 million 

 shares. On Thursday, daily tun- rover dipped to 9.97 million shares, the first time ithad been below 1o million since last Aug. 
27. 

Brokers said Ihc recent rise of 

 interest rates was primarily to blame for both the weakness In prices and the slow Dace of activity. 

The prime rate charged by 

 banks on loans to big corpo- rations reached 1o per cent dur- ing the week, equalling Ihc record act last year. Only n few weeks ago It had been as low as 
8'^ per cent at some banks. 

High money rates mean an 

Increased cost of doing business and tend to discourage corpo- rate expansion. In addition, they make Interest-bearing In- veslmcnts more attractive to 
Investors, thus dampening In 
(crest In stocks. 

"Stocks generally just aren't 

 competitive at the moment,' 

 observed Roger Gewecke, who directs research at the Los An- geles-based brokerage firm of 
Bateman Elchler, Hill Richards 
Inc. 

"For A significant change to 

 happen in ihe market, we'll have to see both Interest rales and the rate of Inflaiion come down somewhat." 

American Economy Had 
Scars, Some Success 
During 1st Quarter 

' By Thomas K. Militancy 

NEW YORK - The embattled American 

 economy emerged from this year's puzzling and traumatic first quarter with more scars than expected as well as some rather surprising accomplishments. 

 earnings than in last year's solid first quarter, while tlic auto, retain and same con- sumer-product companies will not fare too well. Rising costs, shortages of materials, declin- ing productivity and the effects of the energy situation will be reflected in many lines. 

What is also disturbing is 

(hat Iliere has probably been an 
8 per cent decline In real retail sales (subtracting for the ef- fects of inflation) and a 6 per cent decline in the real dis- posable Income of workers during the first quarter. 

Another highly disconcerting 

 fact is the continuing high level of inflation in the economy. 

As economist Lcif Olson of 

 the First National City Bank put it the other day: "there's a lot of foam and not enough real liquid in the economy these days." 

There has been wide disap- 

 pointment that more inflation was not wrung from the 

 economy in this period of reduced growth. 

The current period 
Is a 

 rather unique one in postwar economic history in that the contraction now underway does not result (rom any relapse In total demand but rather from deficiency of supply — in fuel, food and other materials — touched off by the economic boom here and throughout the industrialized world in recent years. 

Rate 

One other significant 

 development Ihat ought to be mentioned is the relatively slight decline In the nation's unemployment rate since last fall. 

It was at a cyclical low of 4.6 

 per cent last October, before the impact of Ihc Arab oil em- bargo, then edged up to 17 per cent in November and -I. 8 per cent in December before 

 jumping to 5.2 per cm! last 
January and February and then eased to 5.1 per cent in 
March. 

But (hat may have been the 

 result, principally, of the fact thai the total labor force and 

The general economy ap- 

 pears lo be basically sound at this point, though nol yet quite ready to stage that significant 

 rebound the 

 economists have 

, r t 
-_ predicting 

•L ^j?,'«aftcr its brief 
'^ ' B period of ncga- 

F>tive real 

[growth. 

The govern- 

 menl's preliminary es- timate of what 

MULLANEY happened in the economy during the first three months of J874 will be made public during the coming week, and It will undoubledly show that business activity, in the aggregate, followed a reces- sionary path. 

On the basis of an advance 

 indication last week by Roy L. 
Ash. director of the Office of 
Management and Budget, the upcoming economic1 report will reveal that [he United States' 
Gross National Product fell by 
"more than 5 per cent" at an annual rale during the first quarter. 

At the same time, he sug- 

 gested, inflation was running at 
1o per cent or more, a sharp upturn from Ihe elevalecl 8.8 per cent annual rate that prevailed in the f i n a l three months of last year. 

The over-all inflation figure 

 is hardly surprising in the light of previous monthly reports on the high rales of wholesale and consumer prices for the first, 
Hiiarter, but since no monthly figures are made public by government agencies on the total G.N.P. the estimate for real growth is slightly surpris- ing. Most private economists had been calculating it in the area of minus 3 to minus 4 1/2 per cent after its tiny 1.6 (plus) growth in the fourth quarter of last year. 

On March 22. for instance, 

Cbu.se Econometric Assonali-s. which tracks ihe economy monthly, had estimated the over-all inflation rate al 3.3 pet- cent for (he first quarter. 

It had figured the period's 

 tola! GA'.P. at an annual rate of Sl.DSIi.MO.OOO.OOO in currcnl dollars, indicating a rise of only $18.5 billion from last 

 year, an inflation rate of almost 
!l per cent and negative real growth o(3.3 per cent. 

Oilier aspecls of the first 

 quarter's performance that produced some surprises were: the depth tif Hie Impact from 
Ihe energy shortage on au- tomobile production and sales; the conservative achieved in oil and electricity consumption, which also pulled down total 
'economic activity; (tie limited impact of energy stringency elsewhere in the economy; the stability of the unemployment rate in the face of those res- trictions; the sharp rebound in housing; Ihc renewed upward surge in interest rates, which is still unchecked and causing disiirray in ihe bond market; the huge rise in business loans at Ihc major banks, and the wide variation (gains and declines) in corporate profits. 

Reports 

On the basis of early reports 

 and the factors that have born affecting (he economy, H is likely (hat (he oil, metal, heavy-equipment and forest product industries, us well as f i n a n c i a l corporations, will show substantially larger 

Ldfcal Stocks 

I'revitm 

OTC 
|)i,| 

• Amcr Sec Life 
51} 

Bcxar Co Rk 
JY, 

Cafeteria;, Inc 
_,.. 1o 

Church's Chick 
H'/t 

Oaupoint 
|.H} 

Fed Cap 
|oy, 

 l-'orcsl Oil 
I2.H 

Work 
Ask 

I I 

I 4 M 
I-I 
1/. 

2o Ji 
125* 

.17 

.12 

1oW 

27 

\\'\ 
13 H 

 l-'roitllank Corp 
35 

Gulf Energy 
7V4 

Ilifih I'ark III 
JO 

 l.Q Moior Inn! 
5M 

 l.onc Star Drew 
9',i 

Main Ilk 
2S 

NCD ofTciub 
43',i 

Siffmor Corp 
| IH 

Wtnns 
|2V} 

Prrvioul Wrrk 

Conroy, Inc 
;.^ 

Ken-Stanley I'hoio 
<>V\ 

NYSK llarle-flanks 
R'/$ 

Te«oro Pec 
2o W 

MUTUAL FUNDS 
USAA Income 
<><») 

USAA Cap Growth 
K.Jti 

United Scfvicci 
'. 
7.14 

I.IIM 
Hid 
5 !'< 

1C, 

 i.inu 

211 
II! 
.15 

7M 

.1o 

25 

I OH 
I2'/. 

We ok 

 lO'/i 
I I 1 4 

21 

Hl'/i 

.17 

H 

.12 

1o 
27 

•ISM 
Io!t 
I.I1/. 

No i 

 tin M iln H iln 'A un '/t 

(In 2H 

 lit) '/i 
>ln H 

Wr-rk 

ZH 

22 

9.H7 
8.27 

Up ''{ 

 up I Vi 

 tin .().! tin . 1 1 iln .V) 

 employment actually declined slightly this year instead of continuing lo grow M the 3 per cent rale of last year. 

Sam I. is'akagama, economist 

 for Kidder, Fcubotly & Co., pointed out Hint Ihe low level of joblessness mignl ihus be a temporary iiborrad'on (lint will be changed later on. but he said it has had fortuitous effects because il has allowed Federal 
Reserve Officials lo "pursue their primary objective of fighting inflalion by limiting 
Ihei'roHlh of money and credit for at least another month." 

Despite the depressing, 

 schizophrenic performance of 
(he economy in (he last three months, the economic com- 
.munily remains optimistic Ihat better days are ahead — even in the current quarter. 

Most analysts expect nega- 

 tive real growth to continue unlil summer, but at a sharply reduced rale, and then be followed, by enough positive growth in the second half of the year lo make 1o74 another plus year for Ihe American economy 
— but a small one. 

Highlights 

Negotiators for the steel in- 

 dustry and the United Steel- workers of America have 

 reached a tentative agreement on a new three-year labor con- 
'tract beginning July 1 . . . 
President Nixon signed a bill raising the minimum wage from SI.69 an hour to 52 an horn- on May I, then $2.1o an hour on 
Jan. I, 1o75, and $2.3o an hour on Jan. I, 1o76 . 
. the House 

Ways and Means Committee said it would clear a bill to increase oil-industry taxes by more than $16 billion over Ihe nexl six years. 

The Justice Department has 

 joined Swift & Co.. Armour & 
Co. and The Cudahy Company in requesting a Federal Dis- trict Court to modify a 54-year- old ruling so Unit meat packers may diversify into oilier 

 products . . . I.T.T. has filed a suit lo overturn Hie Internal 
Revenue. Service decision lo revoke the favorable tax ruling thai penniUcd I.T.T. inargnirc the Hartford Fiic Insurance 
Company. 

Soviet trade wilh the United 

States totaled $1.55 lillllon last . ycnr while Soviet trade wilh 
West Germany amounted lo 
51.62 billion. Total Soviet trade wilh the West rose 4o per cent in 1973 . . . Ihc Perm Central 
(.'ompany sued the government for $:>SO million, charging that the 
1373 takeover of the 

 railroad had created a deficit of 
SJO million a month for 14 mouths . . . relail sales in 
March, at $-13.9 billion, were '> per cenl above the level of 
February and 5 per cent above that of March. 1973. 

Higher discount rates for 

 commercial paper and a drop in the price of bonds led major banks to raise their prime rate lo lite record 1o per cent level that prevailed last fall . . . the 
American Stock Exchange plans lo begin trading in stock options late this year if the 
Securities and Exchange Com- mission approves. 

People: li. Kirk Landon has 

 been named chairman and chief executive of American 
Bankers Assurance Company of M i a m i . . . . Royal Liltle will resign as chairman of the 
Realty Income Trust on April 
3o . . . . Hobert J. Suslow has resigned as President of Otir- bach's to become president of the Famous Barr Company. St. 
Louis . . . . James T. Mills was named chairman of Bigclow 
Sanford. Waller II. Wleler suc- ceeds him as president. 

Mergers: W. R. Grace & Co. 

 has sweetened its bid for Blue 
Diamond Coal by increasing the amount of slock to be exchanged, from S23 million worth to $32 million worth . . . 
Alan R. Blick of San Diego will buy 421,844 shares, or 31 per cent of the common stock ol 
Recreon from Delbcrt W. 
Coleman for an estimated S18.U million. 

Thirty-nine Big Board issuc-s 

 reached 1374 highs during the week, while 383 lut yearly lows among tlir 1,9.)!) issues traded. 

Consolidated Ulison was the 

NYSK's most active stork, 

 down J', at IS'/;. Tire New York area uliliiy has s;iid spiralling fuel costs are giving it financial headaches. 

DOW J<_>NES INDUSTRIAL AVEKA.'JE.- N.Y S.E. INOEX h 

N.Y.SE INDEX 
] 
' 

DAILY CLOSE '—j y">»"" 
\ 
; 
_.j. 

 ijii[.r"" 

Kxpress-NCHS Analysis 

MONDAY: The l)mv Jones 

Industrial Avenge was down 
7.5S at the end of Ihe first hour. 
After trailing all day the IXIIA wound up with a loss of exactly 
7.58. A boost In (lie prime rale to 1o per cenl by a major bank was a depressing factor, 

.Declining issues ran 3 In I over advances and downside volume was 4 
],<t to I nver upside 

 volume, lint to In I volume al 
!lll,7'IO,Ofin shares was 
Ihc 

 sccnmi lowest since the last trading day In August. 

 r TUKSHAY: After a twn-dny loss of 18.o3, Ihe Dnw bounces back, running up 5.o8 In Ihc first hour nn<l wlmllnK up wllli 

H gain of o.88. Hut the slrcnfilh 
WHS scattered and some was attributed to short covering, 
Volume n[;ain was llfjlit. 

WKDNKSDAY: The market 

 allempicfl to carry (he prcvimis day's advance further, and was encouraged by several heller- 
'llian-expccled earnings 

 reports. Hut an early rise of •! 
\k Points was fading when news came of Ihe resignation of finl. da Mcir as prime minister nf 
Israel. That set off sellliif; which resulted in a net hiss of 
3.H in Ihc average! Volume, ll|;hl In any rase, was further reduced by a shutdown in big board trading for 2!> mlmilrs unused by elect runic' equip- menl failure. 

THURSDAY: 
Again 

 enthusiasm was lacking as many traders ami Invcslnrs stayed on the sidelines Volume lit »,87o,OOB (ilinrcB was 
Ihc 

 lowest since AUJ;. 2o. The 

 approach of ihe long holiday week-end contributed lo the light trade. The Dnw Indus- trials managed a rise ot 1. 1o 
1ml in the mni-la'l as a ivholoi declines exceeded advances by 
IK) Issues and ihe NYSK Index of all common slocks fell O.H. 

 ntlDAY: Market closed for 

 food Friday. 

SUMMARY: 
The market 

 was mostly wllliHiitdlaTllcni as ti-ii'Hiil! was lackadaisical and. he week's lolal volume was Mi.. l™™ sl"« Hie week ended 

,. WEEK'S HANOK on (he 
Dow: High was made on Wed- ncwlny "I 855.52. Unv ,n:»k 
Monday al 831.45. Close 
Thursday, 8.H.8I. Loss on 

" million 
,a, 

People 

 in 

Business 

Miss Janice O'Hrlen has 

 been appointed director of development mid public rela- tions at liapltst Memorial IIos- pllal. 

Mrs. Darlene /Iskovsky has 

 been appointed sales director of Mary Kay Cosmetics Inc. 

Harris Sterling and Joe 

Tcncnhaum have been ap- pointed to tho 
1974 ma- 

 nagement advisory cnuncil of 
Sbc.irsnn, Hammill and Co. for tliesixlli conscculivc year. 

Former San Antonian T. Ci. 

Marsh lias been promoted to stuff inanHger for (lie Victoria fluency of National Utu und. 
Accident Insurance Co. 
; 

Ralph o. Thompson lias been 

 promoted to director 
(i/lj 

 employe relations at Mission 
Valley Mills fnc,, NEW Hraun. fcls. 

W. Derek Davis WHS named 

 jiersonncl and tralnln/,' dime- lor of Hie New iirannfcls com- pany, a .subsidiary of West 
1'oint I'eppcrcll. 

H.C. Luvomlusky lias been 

 commended for having taken over produclion leadership so far this year of the Kan Anlonio agency of .Jefferson Standard 
I-ife Insurance Co. 

Thomas o. McNeil has licen 

 appointed director of markel- iiiK and sales of the Stanley 
Smith Security Corp. 

San Anlonio agent Thomas 

A. (icorge has been selected as 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Suncloy, Apri, 14, 

Mursh 
McNeil 

 one of llic Miissiicliuselts Mil- 
Inn) Lite Insurance Coinpnny's 
"Krcsliinnn Kivc" award winners fur 1973, hascd nn sales volume. 

V. I'itrJicr li;is licon 

 named locu) branch office manager for 
Maryland 

Casually Co. 

Dclorcs I,. Schllllnfis, of 

Gildemcislers Jewelers, par- ticipated In an extensive gem 
Icsting workshop sponsored by the American Gem Society in 
San Diego. 

I'.Prly iyh lew 

V/t Hampffi Iry] 

IV) I'.i HanvrS/i .is 
% ||»H«I,»I.I, 
J4J ^w, Hvtlld Zdy 

15 

GeotKt. 
SchllllnKS 

« .7 iv,,:;; 
4 
31 11V, 
11 

74 
2V. 
IV. 

7o 19'/1 l8'/4 

1444 '«VI 
,i ,i I!, lit 

2o 
7 
6'/. 

. 
II I'/I Hi 
5 
3 
4V* 4V* 

3J 

II*— 
54*- V'4 
'/•- I* 
141- 
4V4— I* 
4V,— 1* 

Mi 

IV] HlchlndCap 
J 
Hlllnvn .73f 
2!i Hlptronc.lO 

1 
Ccni'Mtli 

31* 13-16 ContTel ... 

1oV, Cook El .4o 

Sambo's in Universal City 

A bright toldcn iigcr 

— symbol of Sambo's 
Restaurants, Inc., ap- peared last week in the metropolitan area. 

The 37-ilh restaurant in llic 

 nationwide chain opened at 
1533 1'ut Hooker Rd. in Univer- sal City. 

As with all Sambo's Res- 

 taurants, it offers a broad range of dishes /or breakfast, lunch and dinner plus many desserts and snacks. 

The new Sambo's seals 13o, 

 including banquet accom- modations for 5o, and is open 24 hours a day. 

It is managed by Bill 

Milyard, a graduate of Sambo's own manager training school. 

Milyard comes from Te- 

 xarkana where lie was Boy 
Scout district executive for more than (wo years. 

 lie received a bachelor's 

 degree in business administra- 

 tion from New Mexico Slate 
University. He and his wife, 
CJirisline, iiavc a 3-year-old son, Mike. 

 liuilt by Mel Jac Construc- 

 tion Co. of Oklahoma City, the new Sambo's features colorful decor, comfortable seating and the latest innovations in equip- ment and cooking facilities. 

The plant was scientifically 

 designed to provide fast, ef- ficient service at modest prices. 

One of the main factors in 

Sambo's growth record is a shared ownership plan which is. unique in the restaurant in- dustry. 

Under this "fraction of the 

 action" policy, managers own a. share of the restaurants they supervise. 
All manager- 

 partners also have an oppor- tunity to invest in other units in the chain. 

Beginning with one family- 

 owned restaurant in 1957, the 

BILL MILYARD 

...manager of Sambo's 

 firm now does business in 32 slates from coast to coast. To- tal sales for 197.5 amounted to 
§138,825,ooo. 

Directors 
Named 

Five additions to the 

Fort Sam Bank board of directors have been announced. 

They arc G. Cameron Dun- 

 can, (icorge II. Wcnglcin, 
George A. Olson, Dr. Dan C. 
Pcavy Jr., and Harold D. 
Ifcrndon. 

Duncan, a rancher and 

 banker, is dircclor of Hill and 
Hill Truck Lines Inc., of Hous- ton, and director of Texas 
Southwestern Callle Kaisers' 
Association. 

Wenglein is president of 

Cafeterias Inc., having begun his career with the company when it formed in 1959. 

Olson, attorney, was for- 

 merly an advisory director of the bank. 

Pcavy is a trustee of Hie 

Baylor Dental College and as- sislant professor at the UTSA 
Dental School. 

 llerndon, an independent oil 

 operator, has been appointed as advisory director. He was for- merly president of Saltmoulh 
Oil 
Co. and 
Mountain 

Producers Corp. 

He is also a former Federal 

Reserve Board member and 
San Anlonio Transit System chairman. 

MKGESTLIMER 

The France, the world's lar- 

 gest liner at 66,348 tons, is run- ning at a loss and cost French taxpayers. 313.3 million last year. 

Beall's Department Store 
To Open First S.A. Branch 

In May 
A dry goods chain headquartered in Jackson- 

 ville will open its first store in San Antonio in 
May. 
Beall's Department Stores, 

 with 71 stores spread over 
Texas and Oklahoma, will open a local store May I at South 
Park Mall, 231o Military Dr. 

 pcorse L. Holland, vice 

 president of Beall's, will be the store manager. lie will be as- sisted tiy C. W. Simons, who is moving here from Hcaumonl. 

"We are entering Hie San 

Antonio market for the first lime," Holland said, "and we plan to have two more stores here within the next year." He siiid l!i new stores are planned 
Ijy tlie 51-year-old chain. 

The new store will be an ul- 

 tra-modern, 39,ooo-squarc-fect store carrying first line, branded merchandise, Holland said. 

"Our business was built ca- 

 tering to the service of our customers," he added. 

Tlie new store will offer 

 ready wear, home goods, piece 
Bonds, cosmetics, shoes, 

 men's, boys' and girls' clothes, accessory items, infants wear and will liave a junior depart- ment. 

"We shall start hiring people 

 starting Mnnday," llic slore 

 manager said, ."and applica- tions will be accepted at the store's location. We'll have temporary offices there." 

He said about 1oo employes 

 will be hired. 

The cliain is headed by R. G. 

Beall of Jacksonville. 

New Radio Shack Opens 

A new Radio Shack store 

 which opened is offering special values and gifts during its grand opening at 1'errin 
I'liiza Shopping Center. 

The center is located at 

Nacogdcclics and i'crrin Hnatls in norllieast San Antonio. 

Carl lilum lias licen selected 

 store manager. 

Radio Khack is the nation's 

 largest distributor of sicrco components, along with tape recorders, radios, antennas and electronic parts. 

There arc nearly 2,ooo stores 

 located coast to coast. 

C. W. SIMONS 

... assistant manager 

KKOUGK KOMAM) 

...Brail's manager 

Mercantile 

Mercantile Bank, Loop 41o at McCullough Avo., Is building eight now drivo-in bank tollers, plus a Docutol Automatic Total Toller System. Also, additional parking, now entrances, now exits and remodeling of tho present building Is underway. In tho picture aro,from loft to right, William Parrish, architect, Joseph 

JbXpUUQS 
Lusk, Mercantile'* executive vice prosidont, A.H. Cadwallador III, chairman of Iho board, Jamos Manning, senior vlco prosidont, and Bartlott Cocko Jr., contractor. 

JVk 
144 
4H 
2 VI 
144 
4V, 
IV. 
414 
IV. 
44i 
314 

IV4 
6V* AlrbOf,., , 

744 
5V, Alrpax .«! 
II 
4 
AJrv/lck.W 

181*. 15V, AlaxMag .72 
1644 12 
Alan wood 

414 
I'.'t Alaska Alrl 

2V, 
11', Alba waldn 

6 
5 
Alcolc.lle 

91*. 
SU AlleghyA.'rl 

33 
J7'/,A!!WA'HC3 

414 
7!'. 
IV, 

I 
21 
>/ i'/t 

4 
16 
614 
4V* 
8 xm tv, 1>" 
7 
5 1744 1744 
5 
17 UV, 
14 

* i; ft % 
', ,o4= » 5V* 

4 
AllegCpwl 

 ottAllanTR.Wt 
2V, Allied Art 
«!4 Allied Olfrl 
141* AlldThr 1.2o 

Aa tnd irnll Ql 

B',4 AIIIO 
K'. Alldl 
IV, Alpn 
3>.i Will 

M'/4 
IV* Aflerl 

51 
45 
Alcea 

41V 
3 
Arncoirid 

UV, 
7 
AHeisLLy/i 

4 
P.I AmAgroncs 

8 
4V, AmBITtrt.SO 

15 
1H4 AmDvsP.24 

1 
V. ACenMtgvrt 

9H 
7'/i ACOntrrSOb 

23'/. Iti*. AFiich3.ese 

14 
1 
AmFllchwl 

9 
AOarPd.24 

3V, Am Inl Plcl 
4 
7V, 
5V. Allraell 24e 

714 
5V* AMelieA .33 

7V, 
5V. AMall<B.33 

38V, 
3244 Am M U9e 

12!'. 
7 
AmMolliTO 

36V, 
3IV4 A Pelrl 1.5o 

3J4 nt AmPrec'.W 

9V, 
5'/« AmRltyT le 

414 
3V, Am Recreal 

7 
4V, A SallE .511 

4 
3V* A Tethl .Ke 

-•• 
— Amfraiis! 

!'/, 
2V, 
33V, 
IS 14 

IV, Andrea Rod 
!'/> Anglo C.lie 
3V, Anthony Ind 
*i AO Indust 
Pi Applld DBla 

1/1 ML""* 
16V, 
12 
Arr.-Cl.7lOe 

91* 
8 
AriCol PI.43 

944 
SV. Armac Ent 
I3> 
|«4 Arm'n Cp 

544 
341 Arrow Elect 

W 
71* Arundel .49t 

441 
3 
Arwood Cp 

16</4 
1o14 AsamersO 

1341 lO'/i AWilCHI Can 

144 
11 AsklnS» .o81 

7 
5V* A>prO .4o6 
"" 
IliAssdFdSIr 
3V, Astrcx Inc 
514 AtalanlB Cp 
'/. Alco Inn 

344 

1'A 
II 
144. All Rkhl wl 

1' 
13V, AICM B .33e 
IH 15-16 Allai Cpwi 

25 
WVi Augitlnc.15 

2oV, 
12V, AustrelOII 

 i'fl 
3V| AuVj Bt* 

4 
2 
AutmBlftad 

944 
4 
AutmSvc.2o 

444i 4o14 Aulm 5w ,72 

33>/4 29V1 Avondl 1.153 
15 
12 
AVX Corp 

9 
744 Bad? M.5o* 

6 
5V. Bal&cc .3le 
It'/, 1314 OanFd l.45e 
144 
V. BangPunwt 

21 
14 
RinslrOI Lt 

13 
1 
BsnkrU.2D« 

34* 
2V, Danner .o3 

3 
2V, Barbra Lyn 

34* m Barclay Ind 

9'rt 
7 
Barnwel Ind 

414 
414 Barry K .421 

7V? 
414 BarryWr.4Q 

244 
IV. Barletl Med 

314 
3 
Berth Sp .27 

1'.* Bartons Cdy 

1o 144 
14 
41 

4 
34 

6 
1 

 a 
11 

31 
71 

7 
22 e xU 

V4 

3o44 3oV. 4- „ 
14V4 
IS + 
'/. 

 tV, 
I 
BV.+ 41 

5'/4 
S>/4 5V4 

!4H 14'/* 
14V. 

1 
'.'• 
1 
... 

17 
1S>,4 16V.— 
11V. H>/4 1141 + i* 
2H i'il"1" 

241 
2V, !'.!+' '4k 

»'/4 
74* 
»V,4- 
Vi 

«4i 
6 
4144- 

61* 
44* 
644— 

14* l',4 
IV,- 
. 

o 
31/, 
344 
3V,.. 

1 
214K 
V*44 i1 

IVi BarixJi Fosl 
2 
Berwick ET 

514 BastnPet Cp 
9 
BayrkU .9oe 

114 Befl Ind .o9 
144 BeliCOt.UI. 

5'i 

2V, BenrusCrp 
3 
Berg En .&l 

314 BEroRII.8oe 

-.4 5-UBerffRllwl 

3Vi 
314 Berg Bruns 

1IH 1o14 Erg Boll.IS 
414 3'.i BerniOmal 
614 
3!'. Berlea Corp 

541 
41/4 BervcnC .k> 

3'.i l'.i Belhlem Co 
2V4 
144 Beverly Ent 

1714 
I3V1 BlcPen.2t 

!»J, 
1741 Slg Bir).12 

5 
34'* Blgv Supfnk 
14!i 1311 Blnk M .1» 

1o11 BlnnySm .72 
1114 Bio dynacn 
3V4 Q'<Sling .4o 
3V. BtCKjnl .o3 

17V. 
SV. 
3(4 
4V* 
K, DfueMrdlnc 

911 
4'A Bodln Ap .4o 

6V. 
4W Bcfiack Crp 

914 
6;/i Botl Berank 

24^1 
12(4 Bowmar Ins 

II-'' 
5!. lirta Basin 

ZS14 1814 BradlCm Sy 
4V. 
3 
Branch Ind 

15 
9V4 Brar.llAr wt 

19 
IS',k Bron.n A I 

2oV. 
1241 Dr«unEn.52 

411 
31fc B,eeie Corp 

13!* 
914 Bre-Aer.4o 

141 
IV4 BroDart Ind 

314 
2'/^ BrodySt ,o5e 

S 
311 BrOwnCO wt 

1614 !!?> BwnFA .Ml 
16V, 
1214 BwnFB.4ob 
J'.i 4!l Brv.nFpl.4J . 
444 
3V4 BTU Eng 

9 a'.i Buell Ind .3o 

S 
3V, Bulldex .21 

141/, 
1141 Bundy l.OBa 

3V. 
IV. Burgeu Ind 
H'/i 
7V< Burnslnl .4o 

IV. 
514 BullerAvlal 

3*1.4 2114 Bullet G CHI 

• 
H'. CaWcom On 
514 Cagles In A 

7Vj Caicon\p 
13V* Cal prlcm 1 
4 
Calvert Exp 

514 Cameo Inc 
6 
CampChlb 

614 Camplnd .4o 

IC'-l 
111! 

3(1 
3'/i 

1314 
1211 

1711 171, 
1911 
19 

* - 

IV, t 
2'* 

71k 

,,4 
-V.CdnH 

14 
12 
Cdlln 

CanogaInd 
--. Capehart Cp 
2(4 CaplllFd.li 
514 Ca EMI .4le 
IV, Careiu .7o 
54 
Cameln .91 

1o14 CarPlpl .lib 
4o 
CaroPLnIS 

3V, C»rr »1 
3I4 Carrols Dev 
7oV, CasltA 1.3Ca 
1311, CasllF 1.S9C 
141 CaslUton In low Castlwd Inl 
711 Cavltron Cp 
IV* CDI Corp 
1 
CelluCrait 

4o11 Cm»l pt3.SO 

Ufi, locdnoccldn, 

 il"S 
It 
4, 

::,«« 

4J> l!i fenMnd'inr 
7V, Cmvlll Com 
IVi Cerlircp.Mt 

 l314C«rlrofvCp 

31* Oianhl .o> 
o4i Ch.rln Ind 
3 
OtarlrAled 

<V*CKB Fd .SSI 
3V, CMC Corp 
411 ChmExp.» 

21 
ChlTlTv l.ioa 

314 Oi'cUnl ,4o1 

4 
OilorC.Ua 

111 CnrFillan Co 
!* CIWUjGr wt li. Cinema SLI 
1 
Clnerima 

411 Circle K.24 
111 CllinF]nl.l4 
4V< OtyOsf 1.5o 

, 
12'i 12'/1 131*— V, 

IV, 
114 

IV. Ill 
411 
4 

31* 
314 

ISV, 
1514 

414 
311 

6141 6IV, lilk 
1314 

6oV, 6o 
3(4 
3V, 

2V. 
214 

23(4 73(4 
1414 
1444 
21* lit 
1314 
13 

91* 
114 

2(4 
2V4 

141 
111 

4114 4o44 
4814 3 

414 
414 
U 
It 

3V1 
314 

114 
IV* 
344 iV* 

15.16 13-16 ' 

17 
2 

7 
7 

4 
ID 
II W 
5 f 

." 3 
:. 
U 

7 115 
7 l| 

 lilt 
12(4 1211 

23V, 3244 Jill— V, 
411 
3!4 314- H 

 ft 
J» 
7 - * 

IV* ,.. 
3Vir... 

- . fit-.!? i« 
7^ 
JT.I- Ah 

VA 
3V* sy* w 

71 

1 
!4 

V, 
]>/, 

 lv> 

3V. Cooper jir 
4 
Cordon Inll 

13r/. Core Labi 
1S14 CorrBIIi.9l6 
41/, Coscolnc .3o l'/i Colt Corp 
4k ColtCorp wl 

J44 CoxCUCorn 

I - H 
•9 ,4) 
'N 
M is 3j 

4 
33 

.... 
1214 
12V.4- 44 

<Vi 
414 
4','t- 
3 

6>1 
6 
6V,- 44 

14V, UV4 
14V4— 
V, 

IS'/, 
1544 15V,— 44 

4V, 
444 4H- '/; 

3 
I'/i !'/»— V, 

Vi 
7-14 
•/, 

2 9 . 1 6 2 5 1 4 2 5 1 4 - 3 1 6 
— 2 : 
«V, 

I5V1 CreolePSJO 
144 Crest Foarh 

15 
Crompton 1 

DPI Crosi AT .42 

7V, CrowlyM.4o 

1654 CwnCPt -25r 
644 Crown I .fjo 

111* CSI? Co .4o» 
4V< CuWc Cp .3o 
I'/, Cuflls Main 
IH CW Trn .lit- 

.... 

3 -- 
14 
— 

17 
9 
3V, 

 ii .si ii« 
4 x4 e t i — 

5 
*, 
=744 ",'& 'lit' 

II 
135 
I7>1 
11V, 
12444- 

4 
II 
12 
IIVi 11IV- 
' 

9 
2o 
614 
6V, 
6Vi + 
. . 
3 
2 
2 i . . . 

 i 
7, 
1211 17V, 
12Vi — 

o-E-K 

4 
Damson Oil 

^4t/t Danlelln 28 
I 
Data Conlrl 

73V, Dala Dcumt 

3 
Data Prod 

1 
Daylln w'l 

7.14oCLInc 
314 DeJur Amsc 

44 DeltaCn Am 

*V4 Deltn Fd .54 

 e>4 

74 

_ Jero Ind 

144 DeROS« Ind 
13 
Deserel .35 

141 DefectoScaT 
41* Dev Cp Ain 
T/t DHJIn.lOc 
I3'/, DlamM Cfl! 
2V* DleboldVC 

14 
DillardSt .4o 

Ilk Diodes Inc 
2V. DISCFLH-.26I 

Dome Pclrl 
Domt»f la 

 m Donkcviy .3o 
6Vt DOiVnfyS .25 l'/i Drew Nail 

1$'/4 DrtnU l.^e 

7 
Driver Harr 

5 
OrQFair .4o 

55 
414 
4 
411— '/, 

 t 17V, 1644 1614— I 
14 
IV, 
IV. 
144— V, 

79 
37>/. 3514 36V. 4- 
V, 

«5 
3V. 
344 
344- V. 

 t9a 
914 
IV, 
814— 
V, 

39 
IV. 
I 
1V4 

51 11.16 
Vi 11-144-3 14 
" 
3V, 
3V4 
3V. 
71/. 
7V,— IV. 

111 
144— V. 
'5V< 
II — 
M 

- 
--. 
7'/. 
1444- 44 

4 19V, 1»V. H'/,F 44 

,. 
I 
44 
44 
44- Vi 
\1 
3 
244 
244 
244 

14 
147 
1S14 
14V, 14V,- IV, 

4 
14 
414 
3'/i 
412 
2 
IK 
Hi 
W; 

3 
64 
75. 
7 
7 — 1 

3 
12 
914 
841 
9444- IV. 

9 
42 1SV4 
I3>/. 14'A-l 

.. 
4o 
3V4 
2V. 
214— Vi 

6 
14 1441 14V. 
1444 

27 
I 
144 
141 
111 

4 
3 
»4. 
3Vi 
244- V4 

4 
5 12V. 12V. 12V.— V. 

.. Ill 
7V. 
7V, 
?'/,+ 
V. 

2o 2>6 4oV. 3741 3744— I'.'t 
1o 
1 37*6 
27 V, ?7Vi— ^ 

3 
2 I1/, 
844 
144— '., 

3 
2 
7V, 
7V, 
7V,+ 
Vt 

18 
63 
144 
IV, 
Wl— 
V* 

7 
17V, IS'/, t4'/«— '.* 

4 
13 
7V, 
7 
7K- VI 

" " 
S'/l 
541 
5V* 

IV* 1 1-14 1 1-16 
49 

3>.l Oyndl .44t 
IV'4 E Svslm .8o 
1 
Eagle Cotti 

544 ErfSChlb .34 
6 
Earth R .36 

14V, Easono .wr 
314 EstnAlr ,2It 
II 
EastnCo.H 

2V, EaiorE.OSe 
1V4 Eckmir CP 
7V, Ecodyr.e 

2oV4 Edglln l.29t 
314 Edmos.13 
Wi Edo Corp 
314 Edwards .2o 
714 EhrnhPH .2o 
314 ElcoCOrp 
144 Elcor dim 
4 
El Hose .4o 

144 Eleclrog W 
IV* Elecl Assist 
I 
Elec En .o7e 
IV. Elecl Rcsch 

 i,.., 

IViEnullyNll 
4 
ErnilEC.2o 
I'.-i Ero Irtd 
314 Espey Mrg 
544 Elq KM El 
3V4 Eisei Cr.om 
5'/, EtlLav.Ws 
454 EulhttK.2o1 
SV, EvanAr .Kb 
414 Execul .UQ a ' Fauen .4U 
5W Fabricir .o4 

It Fabrics tval 
U4 FAIrTex Mil 
514 Fa'rNbl .3oo 
IV. FalrOi .«e 
9Vi Falcon Stxi 
3'/4 Fam Dot Str 
IV. Family RFC 
4'A Farjly Frm 
3V. Fa Hi Fa .331 
3 
Fed Resrces 

1441 FedAfrr .4oo 
!!'/> Felmnl ,17e 
4 
Fe)iivai..32 
44. Fibrebrdsvt 
15V. FldelO 3.15e 
2V, FlOJIcGr wt 
144 FIcHlll Plait 
3V4 Film Cp .o6 
314 Filmvyays 
5 
FIMDyn .OCe 

9 
FinSanB .7o 
|4i Fin Gen .42r 
1114 Fsl Cnnola 
174'. Fsl Dn2.47e 

IV, F)tDen»wl 
2 
Fil Harllrd 

6V4 FslKrl pt.SO 
3>* Fsl Rll^lnv 
1o14 FhSL.Sh.4I 
1oV* Fjl Va 1.99o 

V^ F|1V«MI vH 
IVi Fslmark .14 
< 
FUchrP .411 

244 Fllhman .2o 
2>/* Fla^glnd .17 
344 Flagtlatl 
7 
Flavrld .o4p 

414 FIKihl Sally 
I'/i Flock Ind 
1« Fli Capital 
5'.4 FiaRck .it* 
II 
FIo\verA.2a 

1SV, Fluke J.9)t 
7V. FlyTloer wl 
214 FoodramSp 

71 
FordC3.4Qa 

5'.* Forest c. 17 
2 
ForeML.Wt 

8'/i FoxSlaP .34 
544 FPA Cp .3o 
414 FranVRI .33 
54b FrankNu .3! 

33'.* FreWffo .4o 
II, Friend Frst 
3^ Frier tnd 
1414 Frlgllrontc 
9 
Frllchl .3fb 

4 
FronllerAIr 

2V4 FrcntAIr y.4 

3 
911 
941 
9444- 
Vi 

31 
6V. 
7',i 
71',- V, 
U 
444 
444 
4V, 

17 
4V, 
41/4 
4V<— 
44 

145 1244 UV* 
1oV.- 1!4 

7 
114 
IV, 
|i/j 

14 
6 
541 
541— 
14 

71 
9 
111 
844— 4i 

29 IS',1 15V. ' 1SV*— ',4 
M ii* ,18 ,}}£.* 
« !?! IS rr.." 
534 UV, 
1o 
HV1— 114 

157 2SH 22 
75 + 114 

15 
3 
2V. 
V.'t— Vt 
» 
5V. 544 544- 44 
I 
444 4V, 4'A— V. 

• | 1JV. 
9V, 1o14- 44 

" 42« 
4244 
Jl4...,;" 

1o 
1o14 1o44 
1344— 
•- 

S iiv' \% ii"7,« 
1 i!2 ,,S JM !J 
S & 1£ 5fcvi 

3o 
7V, 
444 
7V4— 4! 

41 
I'/i 
IV. 
IV, 

4 
S1,! 
5V. 
5V. 

57 
314 
1V5 3'/.+ 
Vi 

3 
76 

9 
'24 

 a 
4! ii "f 
.. 
IS 

4 
74 

.. 21o 
5 
14 

1o 
31 

4 
74 

.. 
U, 

5 
99 

4 

2V, 
2V> 

4 
S>* 

3J.i 
3'.4 
1o44 
3V, 
2)4 

4V. 
244 
6V. 
6V4 

314 
3V. 

I5T4 
15V, 

1244 
I2V4 

4(1 i 
6'/4 
51', 

IIVi 
15V, 

314 
3V. 

214 
314 

2? 
53 

I 
Si 

.. 
44 
6 
24 

12 293 
16 
I 

4 
3 

4 
51 
.. 
25 

514 
5 

 lO'.i 
1oV. 
I',. 
141 

13V* 
1211 

11 
Illi 

111 l'/i 

2V, 
> 

441 
4V* 

311 
3V, 

12 llifl 

1144 
1oV. 

11 
V> 

1oV, 
9 an i 
21i 
2'1 

314 
3V, 
." 515 
,,H «„ 

214 
7Vi ... 

13V* 1141 
1141 
1741 

I", 
714 

Sli 
514 

97 
EJV. 

614 
614 

IV* 
21* 
9V, 
9V, 

714 
7V, 

414 
41fc 

74k 
714 

3314 3o 

314 
314 

31-1 
341 

1114 1SV. 

914 
'J4 

 i'* 
2Vi 

IV, 
JlA 
444 

5!44- 
.. iv,I...: 
2Vi— 
14 
5!,- V, 
341+ 44 
1o44— 11 
341— 
1/4 

2414- 
1, 

4V. 
Wl— 
41 

3V4— 
14 

1541 
1214- 14 
4 — 
1,1 

6 
4- 4k 
16V.- 11 
314 
214— 14 
8fc X 
I3'.4i!'.'.'.'. 
Hi 
13V.— 
41 

<!".+ 14 
IV. 
2 
6'.4 
3V*— 44 
11!*- V. 
1o1*—I 

VV-3-16 
1o11+ 1 

3!44- 
V4 

$3 
1o14— 
(4 at..::- 
7(44- 
VI 

I«V>4- 
44 
&-:.:* 
'(it I! 
9V.... 
744 
414 
714 
H14- 314 
SS+ v, 
ISV,— V, 
9V1- l.', 
5!44- li 
2Vj— 11 

G-H-I 

3lIa>laxyCp> 
7V. Gar.vnln.32 
4V, Garcia Corp 
511 Oarlar.d .X 
31'. GaylrNll .2o 
1(1 Gaynor Staf 
1o 
Gearharl.24 

1 
Gen Bulldrs 

944 G Clnmi .4o 
11* GenESuc Sv 

214 
111 G Empl .14& 

7 l</4 G HtHrtewir 

4 
4 
Gen Interior 

211 
Hi Gen Recrat 

411 
21i GenResrch 

311 I 
CRnrc .Ole 

4H 
3V4 Qenoe Inc 
2H 
IV, Grntsco Teh 

SV. 
341 Gerber Scl 

9 
7V, Gfrlatrlci 
IS1/, 1o11 Giant F .SOa 
2iy, n 
GianiY.4tu 

IV* 
71k G1TRII 1.7o 

3V, 
IV. Oladng .131 

1oV, 

•I 
1* 
71. 

16 
7V4 

13 
3V, 

37 
914 

II 514 

614 
314 

9 
43 
11V, 
1114 

B 
13 
111 
V. 
6 
53 II 
I'.l 

4 
11 
2(1 
2 
4 
I 
7H 
7", 

.. 
23 
141 
1V> 

6 
2o 
514 
- 

4 
5 
31k 

4 
13 
31k 

5 
3V> 
314 lit 

414 
T.t 

314 
. 

19V, 
15V* 

1SV4 3H, 

4Vi 
4Vi 

 jlasrock Pr ilallllrl.* 
3lalllp)2.5o 

 leno:s .391 

.-. _lobelnd.4i> in 
414 GlobeJicSy 

9'/4 
741 aiosser .34 

11(1 
9 
Oloucstr En lit 
6 
Olover Inc 

3411 111* Golden Cycl 
311 
ItiGoldWMHl 
114 auainid Cp 
3 
ooo«LS.2oe 

214Goodrtchwl 
311 Gorln Sirs 
14 
Gorm R .9o 

514 GoulrJInc wt 
714 OoHdlT.il 

214 

.,'(4 
741 

36!i 2141 Grali\ier.27 

414 
31* Grand Aulo 

OrayMI 
.141 

}',•} 
It GrealAm In 

3V. 
7Vi OtRalln Pet 

15!. 1214 OILkOi .14 

1* 
)1, QtS<olT.K> 
" 
3V4 Orenvn .37t 

9 
1o 
Hi 

II 
17 514 

4 
3 
8 

6 
13 1411 
14 

11 1561 2oV* 1714 
6 
13 
6 
714 

S 
49 
31* 
1(1 

71 
31 
3V. 
31* 

5 XI5 
191'4 1714 
.. xl 35V. ISV. 

3 
39 
641 
4V4 

12 t 
714 411 

5 
1 
5 
5 

4 
I 
411 414 

4 
3 
111 
|ll 

5 
4 
1o14 
K> 

4 
7 
711 
74| 
I' 554 2114 JV1 
.. 
14 
241 244 
.. 7» 
2(4 114 

4 
7 
3V1 
31, 

.. 
316 
411 
31* 

3 
3 
4 
4 
I 
3 1114 1111 

 ii 'J ft K 
72 1>1 3114 2841 

5* 55 54? &» 

4 133 
11* 

4 IM 
3 

13 
(4 
14 

1o 
2o 
81k 

3 3o ill 

4 
1 
5 

41 xll 
7 

7144- 
V. 

314. 
944 
5(4 4- 
14 

541— I/, 
211— 
14 

2(14- 
14 
..;/,- v. n >'i>i 

2 
11 
.. 
5 — Vi 
214 1- 
V, 

3144- 
14 
Hi- 14 
4'.4 
...... 

H* 
...... 
514+ V. 
7!»- 4| 
14 — 41 
17'.i— 214 

3144- 
V. 

19V.4- 114 
35V. I- Ilk 
41,4- 
V. 

441— 11 
5 — Vi 
41*— 
14 

Hi— V, 

7 
Her Mai .4) 

744 
511 HIG Inc 

«?,* ».. M!Wi."r.J'» r 
3V< 
2iirib,r . .... 

I1/, 34 
Haling 14o 

344 
I'/l Holly Corp 

49Vj HomeOA ,5o 
44 
Horr.eOB .5o 

17V> Morme)G.*4 
4V, Horn HarrJrt 
7 
HosMntMl 

614 Hosp M?r In 
Mil Hotel I 2.«e 
3 
KOUSRO.Hb 

4V, House VI .32 
3314 I4oU* OM .8o 
'1 HoweU Ind 

35'/> HubellA 1.3o 
34V. HlAellBI.2o 
52 
HubplA1.7S 

42'/> Hud BOG .1o 
7V* Hutfrnn .4oe 
2 
Hi.ntHII.1oe 

171'. HulkrO .3o 
2 
Hvcellnc 

21 
HyoFd 1.331 

» 
ICS Cp .35 

5 
ICHCp.321 

12H ICMB l.9le 
41* i/ACMagnet 
4'^ ImpRh .21e 
4V, Imper Ind 
3«V, Imp Oil .Ba 
2V, Inarm .2o 
4( 
Incoterm A 

44V, indplPLci 4 

 v, inlirowsvc 

5V, mstron .3o 
IV, Instrum Syl 
IH IntegRe.lM 
IV, inlrmedco 

41 Inll Banknot 

4 
Inl Foodsvc 

2 
InFunerai: 

9 
14 ... 
_ 

16 II 
I6V1 16 

,. 
49 
3'/. 
2'/i 

4 
I 
3 '/i 
344 

9 
27 
4'.i 
411 

5 321 
341 I1,1] 

IS 
3 37'/. 36 

9 
21 
3 
It'. 

76 
13 53V, 491* 

25 
I 41'/, 4aVi 
? 
7 HI, !l>4 

13 
21 
9 
(H 

3 
17 
74'. 
7V> 

. . 5 1 
V4 
V', 

4 
1 
IV, 
IV, 

5 X21 11V, 1o41 
4 
14 
3V. 
3 
II 
29 
6 
SV, 

36 13o9 
44V, 4oV* 

4 
14 l"i 
144 

11 
13 3SV, 33V, 

12 
19 
37 
36 

I 
53V* 53V. 

2o 
12 45 
42V, 

6 
49 
9V, 
8V, 
4 
26 
3V. 
2 

9 112 21V, 2I1/, 
.. 
36 
214 
244 

5 
7 24V, 23V, 

7 
I 
94» 9',4 

9 
22 
7 
614 

7 
44 
1341 
1214 

7 
12 
8 
?'/• 

5 
1 7 5 3 1 6 
5 

3 
35 
411 
54* 

22 574 41V, 4oV. 
S 
1o 
3V, 
3Vj 

4 2W 
4V, 
4 
4 
4V4 
4V. 

.. IllO 
51 
5o 
.. 
4) 
1 
'/. 

7 
7 
5'i 
5V. 

" '« 
HI 
IV, 

2V* 
2 
"• 
2'/. 

.. 
41 

15o 21 
31', 

92 
4 

444 
' 
Ur 
Wi( InlGmin.TO 
4 

244 
144 In Seaw!l2b 

3V* 
V/> Int Strelch 

II 
21V. InlSyCon .15 

3 
IV. Interpnolo 

15'^ 
VO>1 Interpool 

14'.* 1o14 Inlrsyit ,4o 
1944 MH InlerwayCp 
3V. 
H, Investm Fla 

M 
2o'/> InDlv A 1.6o 

6V. 
5 
IrwOivB .45 

1344 N'/, InvRII l.4oe 

W41* 
4'/. 

71 
4V* 
4 

37 
2V, 
114 

12 1o'/4 1o 

J 
9o 
7 
4'A 

7 
I 
244 144 
.. 
» 
2V, 
111 

67 I211SO 3iV> 33 
.. 
14 
2 
144 

9 
8 UV, 14 

9 
3 
1244 12'/, 

6 
92 
1644 14V. 

S 12 iTa & li ?t li& M 
15 
1o 
1o4'* 

8 
19 
6V, 

S 
1o 
344 
. 

414 IsratID .75 
, 

4 
IXTELCorp 

7'/> 
311 

3 
»% 
4(4 

13 
4'/i 
4V. 

1o 
7o 
5 

I6V7+ 44 
JW- V, 
341 
4V.4- Vi 
344— 1. 
3 7 - 2 . 
1!'. 
49V,- 3, 
4I1/,— 4i 
II14— li 
IV* 
.- 

744— !4 
"vP vi 
I'/*— V. 
»'/.>- 1* 
3V. 
6 4- V, 

44 + 3V* 

1414- 
V. 

331*— 2 
34- — IV, 
53V,— 141 
43 —241 
9 
H- V, 

2V14- 
V4, 

211/,— IV. 

JV14- 
V* 

23V,— V/4 
«V,— li 
6M— V. 
13414- 
"< 

8 + 1* 

53.14—1.16 

514— 4i 
4o',*— IV. 
3V* 
444 
4V* 
- 

5o — I 
'/«- 
1/4 

5414- 44 . 
1444- Vi 

3'/^|.14 ' 
44V— 44 ' 
244- V4 
"i ~ i'' 
114+ I* 
244+ 
Vj 

15 - V, 
14'. 

14>/4— 
V4 

1244— V, 
1S'/I+ Vt l'/4— V. 
Ill* 
5'/4 
1o41 +-. V4- 
IO'/,— Vt 
741— 4* 
3V.+ 
V* 

441 
4'/......: 

4>. 
4>i— 

J-K-t, 

4V, JaCIVIl .24o 
4 
X4 

 fill Jacobs Eng 
8 
54 
... 
^ ,. 
44* 
IVt Jamswy .141 
4 
11 
6 
7 

241/, 

5V. 
S',. 
3<* 
7« 
2>A 
23V< i?'. 

4H' 
.. 
12 «!'•' 

 a 144 
14V. 

744 
144 fVt 
4o 
5411, 
5Vl 
4V< 
">.. 
]<!'. 

544 
...... 

IOV4+ IVi ' 
344 
...... 

7 "4— Vi 
!V.— 
1/4 • 
23V4- V. • 
4V4+ 
V*. 
4V.4- Vi 
7V.— Vi 
IV, 
...... 
6!4- 
44 

4o'/4— IV, 
5» — V» 

4'/4— '/4 
441 
...... 

15V.— 44 
2Vi— V. 

4'/4 
...... 

Jeannef .4W 
6 
7 
8 

._ Jelronlc Ind 
S 
1o 
244 

_ 
. 
IIV4 John Pd .2o 
21 142 M4» 

744 i'.'t Jupiter Ind 
5 
4» 
6V. 

5 V . 3 
K TCI Intl 
5 
8 
5 

8V| 
4V. Kalsr I .1ST 
4 345 
8 
I'/* 
I4i xalvex Inc 
18 35 
IV, 

844 
641 KaneMlllwl .. 
13 
71* 

4714 33',* KV,«b Svc 1 
12 
55 41V. 

57Vj 55 KnOEp)4.» ,. 72o 54 

2 
IV* Kavanau 
4 
16 
11'. 

4 
4 
KeyCorp.» t x!5 
544 

514 
4V* KenwlnS.32 ' 

5'.* 
114 Ketctim .161 

2244 
1414 Kewanee .48 r/t t'/t Key Co ,2o v i 

741 
51* Kevstlnd .M 
7 
13 

IS-li 
}Vi Kllemb ,15e 
4 
3o 

311 
144 KlllearrtPr 
.. 
24 

II* 
44 Kin Ark, Crp 
< 15o 

15V. 
144 XlngRd .ISa 
8 
9 

6V, 
41/4 Klngstlp .16 
5 
9 
5 
4! 

2J'/j II 
Klrtjylnd.M 
S 
7 UV. 
18 

3',* 
141 KIIMfg 
.. t 
214 2' 

144 
IV. KlewVumd .. 
1 
144 " 

5>/i 
I'.i Kltineru 
.. 
4 
34i 

IV, 
7V* KllUok .6o 
4 
6 till 

131/, 1oV. Kfllcker Toy 
4 
IS 11 

S'/4 
4V4 Knoll Kotef 
.. 
15 
4'A 

25 
)8V4 KOtmOTQ M 
1o 
4 7114 XVt 
2oT4— 11) 

71* 
5V» KuhoSlr.1o 
3 
1o 
414 
44* 
444— V. 

2V* 
IV, LaBargo 
U 
34 2 
IV. 
2 + Vi 

744 
SV* Lafayftadlo 
4 a 
444 4 
6 - 
V4 

3V< 
144 LACglon App 
S 
1o 
11* 
2 
2 4 - 14 

811 
341 Lake Shore 
16 6)7 
7V. 
61* 
614— IV, 

441 
314LaMaur.36 
S 
71 
4V. 
314 
3*4— 44 

31* 
2'.4 Lane W .24t 
.. 
34 
2V* 
214 
I'f, 

4V, 
31/, LaPOtnte .2o 12 
14 
34i 
3V, 
341 
I 
44LaTOUTB<k 
.. 
1o 1 
15-14 
1 

3 
3'/4 LnrJmrkLd 
5 
45 
3 
3!4 - 2H— 
V. 

33-l 
111 Laneco Inc 
4 l iv, 
2V, • iv,+ Vi 
II 
8V, LaiwR 1.338 
4x13o 
9 
8V. 
144— 14 

11 
41LarwinRwt 
.. 
6o 7.16 41 
44—|.t6 
Illi 
841 LCA CD .« 
4 
51 1o 
9V4 
9V4— 41 

?V, ll*LCACpwl 
.. 
17 
144 
IV, 
144— V. 

1o41 
7 
LeGran.I4 
11 s 
91. 
911 
944 

13V, 1o!4 LeaRonl.24 
7 
11 1111 HI*. 1o!i— 
'f, 

941 
7V<LealhO>.5o 
5 a 9 t'fi 
» + 44 

I3V4 1o4H.ee Enlr .34 I 
» 13 
1244 IJ ...?. 

41'» 
3V4Le«Nall • 
7 
17 
414 
414 
4144- 
14 

17 
9 
LeePtiarm 
18 13o 111. 
9 
IP/4— 14 

5 
2?* Lentat, Pr« 
4 '16 
444 4 
4 - 
V, 

714 
514 Letgn Pr .4o 
4 
2 
6V, 
6V, 
41*— V, 

51'4 
341 Leisure Tec 
1 
16 
4 
341 
3!4-^- i/, 

6!1 
411 LeiFay .37B 
3 
31 
54'. 
514 
5'A— Vi 
74i 
7 
Lewis Bus 
5 
9 
71* 
7 
71*4- 
14 

244 
Itt Liberty Fad 15 t? 
244 
T 
- 
•" 
114 Lincoln Am 
9 
27 "' 

I4V' 
414 
% 
J5S 
71*. 
1o44 • 
4V. 

941 
5*1 Lloyds Elec 
2 
3o 
Hi Lodge S.OSe II 
II 
71. 
6 
Lohmn .32a 

714 
414 LoewThc \V1 
.. 

3 
144 Logistic .1oe i 

7V, 
611 LaGenSv.42 
9 

34 
2o11 LoulsCe 1-o8 
5 

3>i 
241 LSBInd .23t i 

\Vt 

 t'/5 
3V'4 
71* 

214 
2V4 
5V* 
144 
»V> 

Hi LTVCorpwt 
96 i Lynch ccrp 
15 39 

IV, 

1514 
13 IS 

2 
714 

 r> 
1314 
3V* 
12V, 
7 
1214 
514 
7V,T 
?' 
1114 
IK. 
214 
414 

1114 

4</i 
IV, 
4V, 
314 
314 
641 
IV* 
414 
14", 
1341 
1141 
8V, 
141 

1741 
IStk 
29'/4 
4V, 
214 
514 
16'.* 
54Vi 
914 
1o14 
414 
414 

NliMePM I.2S 

 v, Mallry Ran 

IV, MammMrt 
6V, Mangood .6o 
41* AlanstT.5o 
4 
Merlndua 

414 Mark Contrt 
2V* Marlene Ind 
414 Marsh F .o5« 
6 
A^arshal Ind 

441Masl4nd.4o 
81* Masnelln.3o 
2V* Masters Jnc 
IVi Mater Re .3o 
31k MaulBro .1o 
B{ 
Mauls 1.17e 

511 AKCullOII 
Ilk Mcoonl, .4o 
411 Mclnlsh .32 
21/. McKeon Cn 
IV. MDCCorp 
914 Means FWI 
Ilk Medalist .36 
2 
MedalnLels 

3(i Medco Jwly 
411 Mcdenco .12 
2oV. MedlaGn .54 
914 MEM Co 44 
3V1 Mercant Ind 

41 Merld^ ]rt 

3V, Metrocare 
IVi Metro Grtg 
IVI Mich Gen I 
3 
MlchSug .13 

4 
Mld.'dCo.» 

5 
Mldld Glass 

 f 44 MJ<t.v Ru .tt 
" 
MldFlnl ,36b 

18 

, .2oo 

11 htoBetl^.lSe 

541 MOKanTxcl 
31V, MllchiMI En 

3V* Mllo Cp .14 
IV* MoAmCo Cp 
4V* Modern Aid lOliMlybdenwt 
J31< MonP pN 4o 

7V. MOOJ .7o1 
614 MioCr i.l?e 
311 Morion S.37 
311 MollsSup M 
1'4'MOV"' 

M-N'O 

33 15.14 
» ISV. 
39 
44 

65 
141 

1 
644 

5 
16 
614 

15 tS9 4!i 
17 
35 
744 

4 
1 344 
1 
1 iVt 

4 
31 
614 
4 
7 
544 

4 
II 1o41 
3 
1 
I'.I 

II 
3 
UVi 

8 
311 

2 
1 lOVi 
.. II 5V* 
4<7 43o 
61* 

4 
24 
1oV* 

3 
5 
St. 

5 
37 
1>4 

.. 
12 
14', 

6 
4 1o11 

4 
7 
IDV4 

4 
3o 
111 

4 
19 
3V, 
7 112 
7 

1o 
IS 2514 

4 
1o 
1o 
.. II 4 
.. Kl 15-14 
X 
8 
3>4 

4 
U* 

3 
U 214 

41 
9 
61* 

1 il J tt 

 a 
19 131* 

.. 
24 I2V4 

7 251 
15V, 

3 
9 
414 

4 
39 
814 

1o 
3 

2 - li 
7V*+ 44 
21V,- 
>/4 

3V4 

13-16+M6 
15V.+ v» 
' V,,..,,. in:..!1 

SSf » asLs 
. S41+ V, jar.:* 
1o44- 44 
2!4- 14 
11 - 
VI 

314- 
11 

-1oV, 
- 

5V4 
«\4— 14 
I S'/i + '.; 
5V,4- 14 
211- 
Vi 

114 

W41 
914— V, 

31 
19 
. 49 IV", 
.. II 
1214 

11 
44 231* 

5 
31 
3!4 

.. 
12 114 

8 
7 
4V, 

.. eo 14 
1/* 

.. ylM 5311 

4 
3! 
IV, 

6V, 
74', 
18V* 
13 !4 
1U1 
2314 
?sii* 
'?lt 

7441— 44 

3!i 
' 

314— 'ii 
114— V. ' 
JV, 
61-1 
4W- Vi 
514- !l 
13V 
1111— t.i 
14V*— 44 
444— V. 
7!4- V4 
II1V- 1* 
K»F a 
53v,Lr: • 
I*-^ U 

 m 
'iii 

,2>! 
61* 
4 
4U 
13-14 

214 
114 
714 
oV, 
1441 
7V. 
511 

1 
4 

S 
2 

9.t4Moytt!at> 
7(4 MPBCp.4o 
2V4 MTO VFdeo 

',* MPS Inll Cp 

741 MulllAm .2o 
441 MWA .4or 
271 Napco Ind 
341 NardaM.14t 
9.14NalBeliasH 
5(4 N Dlslr.ioe lv» NalHIIhEnt 
41 Nat Ind nl 

3V, NKInni/CP 
4 
NMedEn 75 

MM NalParagn 
314 Nat Sll/?o» 
4V, UlSfln .2oo 

» 
76 121'. 
.. 
35 !'/, 

.. 
IS 
141 

 a 
41 
81k 

4 
3 
6V4 

5 II 
3V4 

.4 3! 4i. i! & « 
«i.a "A 
4 

2 n ,ta 
3 
IS 
414 

,?,, 
'{?.. 
)2 
4V4 

31* 
& litti" 
114* 
4Vi 

441- 14 

'is? is 
']t.-..:r 
144 
741- in 
JV*- V, 
& 
¥t 
« 

1 
3 m ^^ IT.+ ij 

ConllnucU on 1'age (Cl 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14 
: 
— — 
— . — 
— 
*-- 
' 
, , 

A-Il-C 

 trading for lh« v>tJjk: xc ^ 

.Yioily 
Soles 
M. 

"iS-l »•"• 
P.| (hdi.) High l.w loil Ch's 

61'i 4Bvi ACFl|'i>l M 'S "' "I'1 i2H HI'+ ' 

111! II 
ArfmE I.JOe 
.. 
58 111! I1V1 1114— ' 'i 

3V, 
J 
Ad Wills .7o 
7 
37 
JV, 
4'.', 
4V1+ V 

 mi tJlAdvltl'',^ ' *7I 
18 
"'* 
>] ** ' 
'«k «» AelnaLI 2.16 1 778 5611 3*5 54H- ' 
31 n 
AelnaLfe WF 
.. 
19 29 
21 
79 -j-j 

•Hit 5211 AetnaLf « J .. 
J sin sm SJH— I 

»'.4 
/H Ajmlrro Co 
Jl 
7 
714 
714 
71. 

11 I IJVt ASman .JOe 
4 51 IC',1 Mlt 
1o14^-' 'i 

41* 
Jrt Aileen he 
4 153 jvi jvi 
Ml— V 

51 
4o 
AlrPrd 2ob 
J4 712 5111 so in>- 
11 
I4!i IIJiAlrco.B 
7 7o 13!4 IHi mi- J 
III l!| AJIndustrli 6 54 J',1 lit 
J 

24 
IIH Akiona 1.7o 
6 41 JJ 
J|i', 3ii.il i 
« 
IIH Ala Gas 1.18 1 12 I3H 
13V1 i!| 

Vo31* 95 
AlaPplta 
.. 1689 9714 
95 
93 — 11 

2914 HH AUlkatnlrs .. 
151 1511 1311 131,- . 
IIH 1 alberloC.JS 9 55 l',i I 
|!*~ i 

17H 1111 Albertsn .5o 11 
38 
16 
ISV. 14 + i 
',,i "AUsaSfU TU Iv. I?; 
3,',;± P 

Til 
1 "ji.ASs".'*?, g ,u is 'ft ',"= ;, 

I3V, 
17 
AllanMLMe 
5 Jo8 
1911 1714 17!,- 11 

1214 
9V, Alleo.Cp.3i> 
11 
62 IOV1 9!i 
o 

31V* ?S!i Allolud I.JO 
4 174 79 
27 
79 

41 
37V, AIIOLudot 3 . 
73 uv, 37V4 ]jii^."« 

JIV, l»k AllgPw fil j J}9 
19 
IIH 111.- i 

914 
J 
AllenGp .2or 
5 
44 
Hi 
Sit 
!iV, 

54V, 
3911 AlldCh 1.32 
K »93 42 
3914 42 V'v 

2114 IS", Alltf.Vnl.44 
9 242 IS'i IS", l<lb— '• 

1411 I2?i AlldPd .93 
5 
27 
111 llli 15n7 
V, 

34 
JO 
AlldStr 1.5o 
S 
93 22 
2114 21U+ '1 

64V, 
6o14 AlldStr pF 4 
!J1o 6o11 6o'* Mil- M 
4!, 
314 Alld SupraM 
9 
7o 3!i 
3>i 
31- Vi 

1oH 
8V. AlllsCtial .76 
7 197 
9V1 
9 
914- 1 

7'i 
611 AllrlAul .5o 
5 18 7 
6»i 
6'i- 
'. 

1114 
1414 Alpha PI. 72 
3 34 16V, 1514 18 - !l 

5111 43 
Akoa .34 
161971 3o'i 4l'i M + 
<", 

21V, 2114 ASwl.6oa 
4 
13 3514 13 
35 - ii 

U 
I14AMBAC.SO 
5 
57 
9" 9V. 91,+ i 

5 
411 Amcord .3o 
5 112 
414 
414 
414- V, llli 1711 Amerce 1.3o 
6 25 JO!, 3o"* 
JOI'I— V 

39 
31V* Amrc PF2.6o 
.. 
2 3711 37 
3 7 ' . 

4o 
28 A Hess -3ob 
4 721 2911 28 
79 + i 

1911 UV, AHespl3.SO ..X269 4711 6411 |sv* + 
I' i lHiA/UrFNI.44 
9 228 IJli IIH 11"! + "', 

1311 
IliAmAirlin 
.. 435 1o14 9!i o"!l S, 

Jli 
414 A Baker .2o .. 
36 6V* SV, 4"!+ 
>" 

3911 32 
AerndsJ,54 
7 175 31 
3714 37ii+ ii 
»;• 211* AmBo-cst.lO 
S 111 J4V. J2!i 22!*,- 1 J 

9!1 
7 
AmBMM.32 
6 X27 IV, 
1 
|V,+ ", 

23'i 
31'i A Cai pll. 75 
1o 22*4 
21 
31 
Ji 

23 it'iAChJVl 
"* 
's ' 
' 

B.. rjmS? H Us Ha ili'li 
4i'i "-I. JmSuaV " S 'J8 IS i.T 'S8 
"!; iL9H ' 
;357s, 1 € »£"' 

|fv- THS »H ills BK iltt'1 
74'i 23'i AGenBd 7e 
13? 2J1| Jl'i w.— 3i 

9V. 15»i AGnCv I.Mai 
44 17li 
17 u'~ , 

16 
12'-i Af»Jns.6o 
5 679 I]!, W. 
1314 

3611 7114 A Gin pfl.1o .. 
56 24!4 241i 24'l+'"ii 

IS!. 
13V4 AmHolsl .6o 
6 
66 13!4 13'.' 1311- 
V. 

42 
35 
A Home .71 
31 1488 
39 
3314 38'Ii 

47'1 157 A Home P4 2 .. 
4 173V, I71H 173114 i 

Jl?i 34V, AmHOSP ,» 
31 549 37 
35'4 35V Jl 111 

8 
4V, Amlnves .5o .. 
37 7 
61i JJ'Y^1'1 

711 
5 
AMedlcl.lJ 
6 3 3 7 
511 
5V, 5V, + "i, 

411 
IVi A MMICOTD 
1 753 
3V. 
314 Jl" ,J 
"!> «-• AM1ICI 1.43 
11 419 45!. 44M 4411- 11 

79 
1o3V. A Clx pFS.75 
.. 
41113 
112 
112 
111. 
11. AmMot .!> 
51345 
9V, 9 o>|H"ii 

41'-' 34'i ANatGS 2.54 
7x251 J7'/, 36!. 341.^1 
7!. 
5Vi AmSeairro 
.. 
12 
61i 
4,4 
41.4. v. 

IS'.i 
12 
AmSi'p.6S 
W 
36 121. 12 
12 — ", 

3111 73 
ASmMfi 1.7o 
5 416 3511 3414 34Vi_ 
>'. 

1SH 
1o"* AmSiand .7o 
6 211 14H IJ!4 \ii\ 

37 
52V1 A S t d p F 4 7 5 
1o3 5511 sill si 
"j" 

13J. 
9H AmSlerll .23 
13 117 11 
1o1. °o'i_ ..-, 

4!. 
3'.. AT*Tv,1 
..3543 
31. 3", 
311— i. 

33 
47!iAn>TiT 3.o8 
93135 4J!1 47!i 
48|23 
3 

6o 
54 i AmT«,T(lF4 .. 3o2 541. 5411 54V1- "! 

49 
43!. ATT PIB1.7J .. 1IJ3 4411 43!. ijii_ j' 

4JVi J3P. AITplA1.44 .. 
75 "f, 
";,» 43'jT , 

1o'i 
8!. AWaUW .64 
6 
7 
914 
9V4 
9"! 

16 
1414 AW 5pfl.3S 
. ilOO 
ISV, 13". IS'li'i. 

5 
14 
AWprll.25 iIJO 
41. 
4 l"-- "! 

IV, li'.i AW/lpf 1.43 . ,261o 1711 16H 16U- VI 
IVi 1o11 Arreron .72 
5 
9 12V, ll'.l IJ'.i- .J 

',',i llli A^eTik'.BO 
? l?5 3* 133^ iS^f" !'J 

!4 
19 
AMF Ir, 1.24 
4 363 J»l* 19 
?i± i 

5'i 
12V, Amfac .68 
7 817 
17 
161. 141.— t 
|p ^JSpW.8 >\ 
M, ^ j,a f-ii's 
4!. Jli Ampex Coro 
7 244 4 
JH I'i- ll 

SV* 
31« Amrep Corp 
4 132 
4 
3V, 
3'.— 
.-. 

3H 231. Amslar 1.8ft 
6 34 29V, 28^' 29 , ''i 

8!4 
7«AnnilrM.68 
.. 
IS 
81. 
314 
8H+ "! 
7!. 38'1 A-mtetT 2.6o 
7 16 «li 43V* j'..± 'I 
I1/, 
5!. Amlel .7o 
7 185 911 
9 av!_ a! 

 a 
211. Anim .S7e 
8 713 27V. 2SV, 77v! + 1 

814 
1414 AnchrK 1.o3 
4 
41 11 
1714 17'1+ 
V, 

7!. UV, And Day .W 
6 
B4 J3V. 
24V1 ?,,',+ ,'. 

9 
6 
Angelica .17 
8 
54 
71i 
7", 
7li— 11 sv, ii'.. Amuico.sot 4 in i4v! iii! ij'.rr . 
S'i 1114 Apacne ,48 
4 
45 11% 1|H 
1114— v. 

5V, 111. ApcoO;i.4Pt 
.. 
S IJ'i Iji7 
J,7_ ,J 

31. 
IHAgecoCorp 
.. 
122 
J14 
IVi r.i-- VI 
9". 
61.APLCorp 
4 «4 
6V, 
1". 
8 — «^ 

S.i 
311 Ap_pltd fttao 7 
8o 4 
3'i 
3!'.- V. 

5 
49. ARASvTjJ 17 117 91'i W 
9 o - 2 

7J1 
6HArcalN.il 
17 ||J 
714 J", jv,» i. 

3!. Jl'i 
ArcatN pi 7 
. 
4 J2V, 2JV, 23'1— V. 

411 111. ArchDun .U U J94 
31 
111! JO'tT Vi 

41. 
J'i Arctic Entr 
.. 
3S 
3V, 
3 j.'-, 

1 
IV, Arlsler.7I 
5 71 
911 I'i 
IV.-"., 

9'i 
17 
ArliPSv 1 36 
6 5o4 18 
17 t'v,- 
?* 

3 -i 
7 
ArGeil.4o 
.. 
7o ig1/* 
914 91.— '/, 

7'.i 
X'.i ArkLGs 1.3o 
7 
94 JH, in J1(I 

414 
Jll Arlen RIlvD 
31 173 31i 
3 
3 -"vi 

7'4 
514 A/mada CD a 
75 
41.', 
4", gv, 

4'.1 Jl 
Arnxol.JlSa 
6 466 73!i 
77T4 22!.-"ii 
1". 2714 ArmpF 3.1o- .. 
54 18'/, 71 
SI - 
V, 

7 
53 
Armrpt4.75 
..;4M 54U 5]',1 53',',- V, 

7", 21'.'. AimslCk.84 
12 2o9 77 
J6H 3614- 'i 

3H 17 
Arm Ru 1.6o 
6 
15 7o!i 
7oV. 7o14- ", 

4H 
13 
ARC o1.9o 
5 
6 1311 
13 
13 - i-i 

3'* 
B!4 Arvln*nd .53 
9 
99 1211 11*4 1211+ 
V, 

911 7oV. ASA Ltd .7o ..1113 91", S!'i 9o14-311 
'14 3JV, AshtfOIl 1.4o 
6 345 7)Vi J2'/l 23-/1+ li 

5V, 46 
AshlOpFJ.W 
.. 
1 <4 
48 is _ 1 

.14 3214 AsdDrG 1.4o 
7 145 791. 27 
37 — I'i 

314 IIV, AsdSpg 1.2o 
6 
1 7o14 3o1. 7oH f ". 

4V, 
41* Asd Transp 
.. 
2o 
514 
4*1 
4'i— 1. 

4'i 
1o11 Alhlone M 
3 3oo 16H 15"* 
15!|+ 
V, 

5 
11 
Atkol.94e 
5 115 12!. IIH 111"— I", 

Oil 14'.-. AtlCVEl I-M 
J 
61 IB'/i 16 
\m+ i'. 

1 
77 
AtlCEp<S.I7 .. 
5 75 
75 
75 -- 111 

111 69 Atl Rlchd 7 
18 1235 91V, 19 
M - ij 

IV. ISO'i AIIRCHPI3 
.. 
11152 
IJOH 1511,— 2V, 

4V* 
6oV* AIIRc PF3.8o 
.. 334 43 
6oV, 6111— ': 

3»i 
I'/. Alias Corp 
33 333 
314 
J 
21..... 

7 
SHATOInc.TO 
4 
9o 
6V, 
J!, 
4 

 t!4 
4o11 AutDal .Ioe 
79 198 45V, 
44V, 45 * 'i', 

311 
314 Aulomlnd 
.. 
1C4 
3 
3*4 
3,1— 
Vi 

B!l 
611 Avco Corp 
S 7o3 
611 
6V, 
411+ V* 

1 
111 Avco Cpvvl 
.. 
41 IV, 
|V, iv.— li 

514 31V, AvcOpVi.TO 
.. 
74 32VI 31H 3H. + ". 

J 
JJV. AvervPd.3o 21 774 «'/, 3911 J9Vi- V, 

IV, 11U Avlstnc .4o 
9 374 !9'/, IB'i 
1911+ V, 

9'i 
71| Avnellnc .3o 4 117 
811 7!i 
7!i - '. 

3 
45V, AvonPd 1.44 
21 1418 511. 49 
49V,— 2'i 
1!i 
15V* AllecO 1.321 33 111 1414 ISV, 15V, 

74 
24V* BabckW .8o 
14 313 171. 24V, 37 +"", 

5V4 
4 
Bache.TOe 
. . 2 o 9 
4", 
4 
4 — 
', 

9*i 13V, Baker In .14 14 
91 liv. 1SH 
16V1— 1. 

311 2311 BakerCHI .37 • 19 463 7811 231. 3?"_iv, 
41.4 liv. oaiaDH.JO • s 
21 m* nv, nii- ".•, 

411 
6V, FJaJICD .3o 
6 
IS K!. 1o11 1o1. 

5V, 22 
BalGE 1.94 
7 316 2211 JJV* J21iV"ii 
IV. SiV, Balll>IB4.5o ..119o 5SV, 5411 55 + '/! 
4V. 23 
BanCal 1.34 
11 
44 231/, 2311 
23V* + II 

2V, J2'.i eandaolnc 
36 2a7 2711 2411 2714.. , 

511 
4 
Bangr Punt 
J 
97 
4V, 
411 
4'/,+ ", 
3!i IJV. GangPpI J 
.. 
7 14V. 
U'.i 
U',i— V. 

211 
911 Bangp/l.JS 
.. 
3 1oV4 
1o 
o - 1 

4'', K'/i BMIHY J.2o 
6 121 31 
3W, 
3VA— 11 

7V, 7o14 Bkol Va .88 
1 
16 2411 2)'i 1411+ 
14 

7M 45'/. B«nkTr3 
7 173 SO'! 48V, 49V,- 1 

4 
J6H BarbOII .4or 
.. 
53 37'* J7 
7714— !1 

4V* 
1711 BardC.lk 
J4 37o Jill 31V, JJV,- V, 

111 ISV, Barnnl.7.73e 
3 34» 17V, IS'/i 
16 —Hi 
.'.', 
611 BASlcInc .4o 
J 
IS 
911 
9 
9 + 
V, 

V, 
I3V1 BalesMI.JO 
6 
42 IIH 11V, U!i— 
V, 

9V, 17'.i BaleWlpF 1 .. 
13 IB'/, I7li 17'.-.- '., 

•!, II 
BalMnd.4o 
4 13o 17Vi li!. 1711+ ll 

: 
3oV, BauSdlL .41 14 SIS 31 
3o!1 
32V. + 1 

Hi 34'* BaxlLab .17 4o 4o5 4oH 36V, M",-- IV, 
1 
5 
BaykOo.32 
7 
14 
S'.i 
S'-4 
S'.i- II 

'/« 11 
Bearing .32 
11 
61 74V, 21V. 
3JV,— 111 

111 19i/« BeatFdS.65 
11 1141 
2Q'/> 
19V, 19V,— 1 

27'/4 Beckmn .5o 
2o 47 37H 3S'/« 34!i+ '/i 

 tv, 32V, BectDlck..4o J4 119 37 
3614 «'/,- ',i 
!i «1| BeeCASr .5o 
5 134 
9V, 111 
9 + 1| 

1 
IIV, Beker.JO 
14 487 24 
JMi J6 t IV, 

IV, 
1314 BelcOP. Ill 
7 153 
1414 I3H 14V1+ V, 

IV, IS'/i Belden 1.7o 
6 
3o 16V, 
I4VI 
14V4— V* 

I'/l 
6U BeldHe .3oo 
1 44 714 7V. 
7'.i— '/, 

S!'« »',', 
Bell HOW .84 
5 344 7o'.» I9!l 7o ... 

7 
14V, BemlsCO .6o 
5 
43 
1514 14V, 15'/7+ 
'.-; 

',» JIV* Bendix 1.8o 
4 185 28 
31'.', 27!i+ 
V, 

'ft 
41V, Sendlxpt] 
.. 
55 43V* 43 
43 -IV, 

711 17V, BeollCp 1.35 
5 6o6 18H 11V, I7'/^ '-1 

IV* 9o 
Benrt p(5 SO . 
3 98H 9o 
9o — IIH 

3 
5o 
BenelpN.SO 
.. 
7.M 5o 
5o 
5o 

7 
5o'/> Benel p)4.3o 
.. 
J 51V, 5oV. 51'/, 

IV. 271/, BnFI So( J.5o ..181o JIU 31 
JI11+ 
V4 

3V, 151i BenSM J.94e 
S 
43 17V, 
14V. 
14'/.— I1/. 

4 
IV, BenglB .951 
1o 315 
411 
J'/i 
4 - 
Vi 

V4 
8v.Berkey.15e 
4x191 
8'^ 
IVi 
111— v, 

4.1 ?9V| flethSI 1.6o3 
4 714 31 
J3V, 3J'i— 1. 

71* it 
BtjThr<.4ob 
22 346 55»i 5414 5J + 
V, 

7!4 31 
BTacxr>r.4o 
34 719 34!i 31 
33','*+ 11 

'/, 
3H BlalrJrin .J9 
4 x 1 4 
4V, 
4Vi 
4V, 
S'i 11V, BlIstLly Ib 
S 
9 14 
1114 14 + 
V. 

9 
BlockHR.32 
11 646 111'* IIV* IJ + VI 
'1 1111 Blue BH 1.74 
6 7 3 6 ll'/i 11'. . V'r- 1. 

•'ft Jli Bobble BVks 
9 47 
3 
J!l 
J!i— VI 

S!i lilt Boeing .6o 
6 312 1414 
14 
14H+ V. 

11 11V* BolseCas.25 
41o44 
1711 IS'/J 1714+ 1 
B!i 
J 
Bond Ind 
.. 
5 
6 
4 
4 — ", 

V, U'.i BkMnlh I.4J 6 | 
171, 
171.4 i;i,-,_ l, 

V* Jl 
Bomenl.JO 
9 314 3314 71 
Jllit 
V, 
It II 
Brgy/jrl.35 
3 111 2oH If'/, Jo1.+ 1, 

114 
3V? Bormans 
.. 
33 
3V4 
314 
3V, 

V. J3V» BoiEd J.44 
1 J3J 
34'/> 
J3V4 Bli- Hi 

7111o1 
BosEpFI.88 . . 147o 1o2V, 1o1 Ulvi— 1 

'ft 
1114 Bourns Inc 
B 3o 17!', 
14 
17 t 
IV* 

21, tVi Bran'lt Int 
9 41o ll'i 1oM lill 

1'. 35 
BrlgosS 1.6o 
1o 
114 4714 41 
411i— 
',. 

U 4DH BrlsIM 1.51 
IS 794 U'.i 
44!, It + H 

JJV* BrlstMpI J 
.. 
34 35V, 34V. IS'/,- '.i 

Vt 
1114 erllPll.SSe 
41oo4 I7H li'.i llli- ". 

• JJH BdwvH»l .8o 
13 
87 31 
JIVi J7H+ 
V. 

39V* BdwyHI pi J 
.. 
18 41 
47 
47V,+ 1 

V. 1o11 BrkwvGI.ll 
5 1o9 IJli IIV, IIVI- >i 
)'., 18',i BxlyJC. l.ll 
8 
45 19V, ll'/i IIH— 1. 

'ft 11 IVowrCo 
5 41 ll'i. IIV, nv>- H 

V, 1111 BrnGrp 1.4o 
7 
45 34H 
21H J4V.+ '/. 

V, t 
BwnSIVp.JO- 1 » 
9 VI 
9V, 9V,- V, 

'/t 
»!i BnvnFer.lJ 11 4» IJli liv, nv,... 

H I3H flrunswk .33 
7 333 1111 IS1/, 1611+ li 
Jll, BrulW.4o 
6 
35 J3V, J4 
24V, f I, 

14 
« 
BTMJSJe ] 471 1o 
9 
9V1- !, 

'.•, Z7HlucyErlel 
I51IC4 »v4 37<i Jl'/^ l 

Vl lO'/l BuMCO.B 
3 1o1 11V, 1o!* 11V.I 
VI i. *uv4 auuco pM . ;jio 6i", ay, u>/.— 
</, 

/* 
3V, BudCl pl.1o 
.. 
1] 
6V. 5!i 
4 f, 
4H Bubl.nd ,321 
9 
35 
414 
5V, 
311— V, 
!. 17 
BullForl.7o 
7 
9 lill IIV, ltVi— V, 
H I'1-'* Sdinv J.'X s J14 11 
11 ji —MI 

IOVS BlrlovaW.TO 
5 
51 IIV, lill H',1- v, 

4 
IV, eunk/Ra .JO 
1 77 
7 
6H 
6V<— V, 

Vk 1SH Biwkr p)l.5o ., 
JI 
1411 
ISV* IJV,- v, 
', I9H Burl Indl 4o 
7 194 2»!l 74 Jj'.i- 1 

'1 JO',4 Burl HOT 1.5o 1o Jll 4)1', 4 IVI Jill- V, 
H 
71. lurlNOC.1.55 .. 
41 lit 
IV, 
7V, 
IIH luriv.1v .74 
1o 74 23 
JJH 21 t V* 

 r/MlL 
S°'" 
"*' 

""> I'J, Bwrsh, 1 
3o 37o 7o3. 
193 
191 
-ll> 

3 
5!. Buin Unlv 
5 1] 1 
I 
I + V 
Jl!i 19H CabCF 7.545 
7 94 Jl 
I9H 111.- 
V 

»>. Jtli Cabot CP .97 4 
34 2411 IIV. 1414+ 1 

31* I 
Cadence Ind l 47 3>i 
} 
3 — i 

3!4 ntCMiiriWM 
4 341 
311 
J!i 
IV* t i 

411 J!. Cal Flnanl 
5 74 311 Jli 
311- l 
!ii- 
«f»C»"l'U"l.51 
4 11 ISli 18V* llVit V 
»J* llli Callann .15r II 177 1511 111. I4H- 1 
J"' 
711 CamBJ.53e 
1 333 
914 In 
911+1 
'' -* /4V4 campR .5oa 
34 497 lyll 74H 77"*— 14V 

1711 J911 CamnSVIB 
14 211 3Jii JJ 
351.-,+ ji. 

35 
3)11 CanSouRv 3 6 lilt J4U 34 
34 - 
'/, 

1BH llli CdnPac .77e 
9 351 IJli 11 
16H- 1 
"? llli CanilR 1.1o 
1o 55 111* IJli 13'.'+ 1 

39V* JIVi CaflCII Com 
13 368 33 
31 
3414— 1 
I) 
23H Cap Hold .» 
15 4il J4H J3V, J4V. ( 11 
II 
14 
CapMII41C 
5 
14 15'/, 14H IJli- 
1 

41-i 38 
Carom 1.6o 
7 
32 4111 4o 
4o11+ 
1 

4"* ,3H Carllng OKe .. 
6 lit 
311 3li . 

1711 
13 
Carlisfe.68 
5 
13 16V, 16 
14'i- il 

47 
6o 
CaroCiOtlS 
..184o 41V, 4o 
4)'/!+ 11 

914 3!, CaroFrg .4o 
7 35 all 
111 IH+ 4 

33V. 
18", CWOPw 1.6o J 945 
19 
18", ll'l- 1 

31V. J4H CacTec 1.3o 
6 135 24H 24'i 23li+ 
4 

17 
MllCarrCp.52 
1512 
14 
13'.', 13",- » 

141. 12". CdrrGM.22e .. 
31 I2H 12V, 121.+ I, 

9'.. 
411 CarlWa .4oJ 23 
64 
JV> 
7l| 7'il.. 

11 
91i CascNGs.97 
8 X49 1o 
911 
941— II 
»!. 1311 CaslleC .6S) 
7 Us I4H 1311 U — >» 
»'• 54'1 CalerTr 1.4o 13 1313 56V, 5JV, 55H+ V 
211 
Hi Cavnon Cm 
2 327 2 
Hi 
1!i— li 
3'.l |i, CCICorp 
35 37 1!, 
Hi 
Hi- li 

17 
12!. Ceco Cp 1 
5 
8 IS". 15 
IS'.'.— 
'.-, 

33!» 271i Celaneie 2 
5 Jll 
33>* 3211 32H- 
!, 

55"* so 
CelnpFA4.5o .. 
1S4 
53 
5o 
5o — 21i 

151. 11'ICCncOIDC.SO 7 l!6 
1311 ll!i 13 - lj 

19 
131. Cenlex .12 
12 
4S 15 
UV4 
14H— 
V, 

2IVi IB!, CenHud 1.32 
7 67 19V, l»!4 16!.- 1. 

2o11 17'1 CenlllLI 1.6o 
3 
8o 1814 
17!4 II — li 

5 7 , 53V, OlILt o14.5o .. !IO Sl',1 53V* 53V1- ), 
IS!, llli CenllPS 1.7o 9 1PI 
5311 131. 131s 

171* 
15 
CenLaEl.16 
3 
4o IS'.i IS'.I 15V,::: I" 

111. 15 
CcMPw 1.34 
9 
53 
1511 151. 
1311 

17>i 
1411 CenSoW 1.12 
8 9 6 9 . 1 5 1 , 
141* 141,-"v, 

U?' 
5V' CenS3»a 63 
8 558 7o 
1811 Dik— lit 

23 , 
S'i CenTJ l.o4a 
9 91 19". llli 19 + 11 
"I pl.CerroCpl 
3 l]| 1811 17V4 II T. . 

191. 141. Ccrl.leed .6o 
7 
5o I7H 17V, 171, 

19 ll'.l Cessna .8o 
5 
97 
14 
1514 
1511— 
1. 

J,' 
*• Qndbrnlnc • .. 
39915-14 
141314-31! 

2 4 
IV] CCMorn pi 
.. 
34 
21. 
J 
2111- 
V, 
7J!i 
16 
Ct.mc.lnl 92 
6 441 131. 17V, 1BV*,+ lj 

63 
631, Ctimlp/5.5o 
..;WO 4411 63'.i 63'.i— 1 

12 
7ViC7.mlpll.7o .. 
Bl 2o 
IIH 19H+ '/, 
17!. 
131. CnamSp .52 
H 419 13T4 IIVI 
1314 

31'i 
IIV* Oarlr I.3CB 
6 351 3lli 26V, 3oH+ 3li 

»--, .2614 CnarlrNYJ 
7 
57 27Vi 
27 
27'.'.. 

M'l 
BV, O.ascFO.77 .. 
71 
9V4 
9 
9l4+ 
V, 

56V4 
44 
ChaseVi2.2o 
9 735 4711 46 
4614- H 

42',, 
24 
CnseT 4.745 
4 555 3oV1 26 
291.7 1™ 

17'i IS'i CnecVr .4oo 
8 
3o 
16V1 
16 
16V4- 14 

6 
4!, OlMsea .3o 
4 125 t 
7H 
71*- 
V* 

17V, 
14V, Cn?mclrn 1 
6 91 16 
ISV, 15!i+ '. 

41'-, 41", ChmNY 3.83 
8 237 4°'i 43"! 43 + 
V, 

33V1 33'i CnesVa 1 48 
7 
6 3JH 
35 
35",+ 
"J 

«7'.i 541, Chesbg 1.24 
22 147 59 
56M 56'!- ii 

63'i 
43Vi Cnessie3.6o 
6 131 5o 
481* 
4911— 1". 

141. 17»i ChEa.slll.J4 
9 
5 13'-1 13'i 13'*+ '/! 
11!. 
IV, ChlMllwCP 
2 1o4 
91. 
B!i 
9 - 
"! 

13'i 
13'.1 Oil /.Vilwpl 
.. 
4 U'.i 14 
14 — 1 

SI? «'/. ChlPnouf 7 
B 
91 141* 34V. 24V4-- 1. 

72!. MViOiRlclUP 
.. 
2 17 
17 
17 — 
Vj 

2111 llli ChRI cl NW .. 
4 17 
14V, 14V,- V, 

4 
3>1 OHFull.JJr e 
31 
5V1 
5 
5 — li 

4V. Ill Clirls CraFI 
5o 87 3>i 
3V, 3Vi_ i'i 
'f,t1' 
CfirlsCC 2pl 
.. 
1 14I> 1411 14H— i. llli 
>>> ChCllcvpl 
.. I f 
9 
9 •+ li 

8 
4»i ChrsCflpfl 
.. 
7 7',i 
7V, 
Jl/,— Vi 

1!V. 1111 Chro.-nar.7o 
5 122 llvi 1 11 11V?- i-, 

64'i 
6o 
ChrorrapIS .. 
5 6o", 
6o 
6o — ". 
»'.i 1JH Chryslr fjo 
31o97 
18 
IJV, 1711- " 
61. 
4li Oirvsierwl 
.. 
146 5V. 
5 
3 — ", 

14'i 
9UCIM'gl.33e 
5 278 1o1. 
91i 
911- 11 

"!> 
611 Cl RU l.27e 
.. 
63 ?-.l 
B" 
M- 
"I 

73'.', 191. ClnBell 1.44 
» 
92 311. 7o1, 2oH- 'i 

23V. 
19H ClmGEI.M B xBBS 
2oV, V.&li 1911- i* 
U.. 'K 
CInGpF9.» 
..JJOOKI7 
1o7 1o7 — V, 

95,1 84 
CmGpF7.44 
.. 
12o 
39V1 BVI 39V, f I'/, 

53V, 3o C;r.G!l«4 
..iTO y, 
M 
5o ... 

3611 2» 
CinMIla 1.43 
12 
4o 3411 JJ'i 
34 

43-1 38'. 1CiTFin2.W 
1 246 38!. 381. 3311..":: 

4ji* 
36 
Citicorp .8o 
173274 4o1. 391. 
48 — V, f; mi^i£ ;.:* §g $j '$£}» i': 4ilif^ ii 1 1; ll ^ $ 

21','' 
ISV* ctSrkOHJO 
4 1U ?"* K'I n£— 
'ii 

5 
3!. CLC Am .7o 
4 
67 
5 
411 
411- '1 

13V, 
7o 
ClvCIIF3.Kla 
M 127 
73 
7o 
7o'i- 
1 
IJ1 »'«avEIIIIJ.*l 
9 IB 3o1i 391. 291i- H 

96V; 
Bl 
CIEIII PF7.56 .. 
,3o 88 
S3 
58 —IVi 

97 as ciEiiip«.« .. .TOO as'i as 
1511... 

1411 131. cloroxCo.52 1o 483 12V. IH. 
11!.— i. 

,"> 
5!iC|uelPea.5o 
9 113 7 
.414 4!i- !l 

1H* 
Ol.ClvellPpM 
.. 
8 IHl -11 
111.... 

771* i4V*CMllnvCp 
8 214 
22 
1811 71H+ ill llli 
71iCNAFin*53 
311oo1 W ali 
9iJ+ ,1, 

«,'> lliCNAplAl.M .. 2B3 13!i 
171* 13l!T ', 
«? ";iCNAInS7e .. v, t2fi n!i 1211- i" 
8'. 
314CNALarw 
. . 
57 4 
31. 
31,— ", 

2o 
17V, CNAL.pF7.1o .. x35 ll'i 17™ i;i'*C £ 
"'.' 
71, CoastSI Gas 
43o41 
814 
7V, 711... 

331. 
19'i CslSG pll.83 .. 1o9 lUi 19*i J1V,+ i 

181. 
I4V*CSI5GPI1.19 .. 
31 IS 
4V1 IJ»i- 
14 
Bl'l 1o7 
CocaColJ.o3 3o (63 IM 
1o7 
1o911+ !4 ll'i 
8 
CocaB'!jJ.4o 
121364 
9H 
311 
9 — Ji 

13'4 9!i ColdwBt .34 5 33 1o'i »lk |3H 

Hi 
4 
Colecoln.o4 
211163 
5 
4V, 
4lv— "ii 
»'* >o1i CotoPal 59 
2o 7o5 27V. 2511 7SV*7 ii 

51 
48 
CotaPptSSO 
.. zlOO 481. 48V, 43V,— V, 

9;.i 
7 ca1n£n..u 
8 224 11" 
''-, "^ ... 
»1. 
6V, ColMns Fd 
6 43 
7 
6", 
6'1— 
"i 

57!i 27 
Co!Pcr.r>.» 
15 816 331. 27 
28",- 7!! 

25!. 11]. ColonlSI 1.1o 
7 65 32',-, 21',. jul- 'i', 

IS''' 1111 Col!1"o5 
" 
W "'* "!'" **!•'""" ''' 

74V, 
171, CD! pn 
!° '23 24 
73'.i 74 — vj 

41, 
314 Coium p:cl 
.. 
14 3 ' 
77] 7$*~ ''' 

361. 23 
ColSCti 1.96 
7 
93 21V, 21 
2114+' i, 

K 
12'iCollvM3.12e 
4 IS9 1411 121. 
14 

IMV. 76"* ComoE 1.51 13 511 79!, 76'i 77 — 'iii 

"j 
";> ComlSol 8o 15 124 IIV, 361i 2714+ 1. 
Ill llv, 
ComSo pl.9o .. 
4 16 
1511 1511— i" 

1o14 
9'.'. ComEd Awl 
1o 9", 
9", 
9", 4 i 

13'..i 
9V. ComEdBw! 
". 
33 
91., 
9'>1 
9'/, oj* 3!*/i CornnvC pf 1 
. 
Si 34", iv, 31 _ JiL 

14, 
71V, ComEpll.W .. 
48 
32V 
'/ 
3J'/,+ 1 
7o,1 
13 
CO-nCpll.43 .. 
K 111, 1) 
14.,, 

ISli 
11 
Com>v5.4ei 
5 ,99 
14 liH ll'i^ i" 

27"* 
231, ComOpll.73 .. 
94 33V, 24V. 75'i i- 
'-. 

4'-i 
J'.. CcrrpuJ Scl 
. 
142 
31. ni, 
11-,— i! 

4o'. 31 Comsal.6o 
9 IM 34'.; 13!i 34 - ', 
IS'/, 
6'iCcnAora 
.. is .1, j.^ ,ii_ ,! 

19 
IS'.. Coneftll l.» 
5 57 18U 1711 18- 
*i 

2o". 
14 
ConnGn 1 76 H 363 IJV, 16 
1611- 
1"! 
'.'., 'J"' Conrac .6o 
8 
61 19". 
1SH 18'i— I'.i 

21V, 
H 
ConEdiaO 
74214 
18',. IB 
18"i- ii 

'J 
61 
ConEdpf4 
.. 
52 65 
61 
611>- 4!1 

541, vicnE^R^ ::,,§ !K f4v, Sv-zlS 

»*: ^ic^F",,5,^ .'^ liv, ijv. liv^iv! 
»'t IIH ConFrol .56 73 63 IB 
»'.' IJi^T '..j' 

3 4 . 34 
ConFJtfs2.1o 
8x131 731. 
241. 
2414— '! 

24/. 31HConsuPowl 
9 187 73!. 3314 37'.!+ 'i 
9S11 89 O,p«p|7.72 .. r<3 j, 
!9 
J, 'Z i ' 

93 86 
CnPw J>f7.48 
.. 
713 86 
84 
84 - 

9411 
11 
OiP*pl7.4S .. ,15 45 
84 
85 t 

61 
58^ CnPwpl4.52 
.. 
,7o 
59 
53| 
59 —I'/, 

8V. 
511 Cont A?r Lin "'243 54!i "li ^H+ '" 

14 
2o1, Cnl Can 1.6o 
7 313 25'. 
241, 35 -"v, 
U 
7!. Cor.Cop .3oc 
3 29 9'i 
9", 
«"»— i, 

13!. 12'. CICOPPII.35 
..,?7o ll'/! 1711 I3V*7 •* 

4l',l W.i conl Cp 3.4o 
6 2SO 36 
14»i 35',.— 1. 

45 
M", CIICpTAJ.SO 
.. 
17 38V, 3»11 3114- Hi 

S9V* 
48v* ConllCp 3.3o 
9 77o 51V, 48'.'* 4 9 — 3 

14'i 
1114 ccnllP 1.43C- 
9 11o 13 
IIVI 1111—11. 

151. 
1oV, ConllR 1.686 
5 552 11!. 13V, ID'.l— !', 

411 
7V4Ccnllnvst 
7 48 
3 
7'i 7!i- V. 

7'i 
411 CnMtn 1 o3e 
3x1763 
51/, 
4H 
414— 
!. 

SS'/, 37'4 Cor.lCSI I.U) 
7 719 39V* 3711 38'-i— Hi 

77H 
3QV, ConlOII pf 7 
.. 
6 Sl'.i 5oV, 51 —1", 

19 
IS'/, ConlTel .92 
8 755 16U 
15V, 15'.- '/. 

391. 
3o'/, Conlrol Dal 
8 879 
3214 3oV, 
31 !i- ll 

52 
»7 
CnDlp(43o 
.. 
13o 51 
51 
5 1 + 1 

38 
33 
Conwood 3 
7 
39 
75 
3411 35 
+ 
1. 

B'i 
511 CookUnlt .57 
4 
67 
7V* 
7 
7V.+ 
'-4 

461. 34V. Cooplnd 1.o4 8 143 351. 
34V1 35111- 
'. 

BV, 
4H Cooper L6t> 
. 133 
5V1 
5 
511— 11 ll'i 
81. CoopT 1-o6* 
6 
55 
13'1 17!i 13'.i (- !-. 
ISli 11 
Copc-Fnd .48 
6 
24 ll'i IIV* 
131. 1- V, 

33!. 
31V, CoppRg -I2e 
7 375 31 
3oV, 3211+ '| 

27'-i 
2111 CopwCp 1.6o 
4 
71 76 
33", 351/,- VI 

3 ]1 
31, Cordura Co 
.. 
2o3 
2'i 
3V, 
3V1— !1 

87V, 
«", CornG I.IJa 
13 14) 76H IS'.i 16'i t 
H 

73'i 
17V, Cousin 3.4Se 
7 164 17!. 171. 17!i— V. 

7 
51. Ccvrtn .OSe 
11 
)7 
41i 
6 
6 

1914 
IS 
CoxOdcl.15 
B ISO ll'-i IS',1 15V1- 11 

35 
16V* CPC Int 1.86 1o 46o 331. 31'i 3JH+ 11 

33H 151. Cr.weCo Ib 
5 167 31V. 
2114 23 
+ 
V, 

7'/, 
4'', CredilF .42 
7 7o4 
411 
4V, 
6H 

7l'i 
3311 CrcckN 1 46 
7 131 25V, 3414 24H— 14 

17 
9V, CrompK .8o 
6 76 11!. 
11V4 ll!i+ li 
M!| 16'i Crcn.Hin.6o 
11 
19 
18 
1611 11 t 1 

21 
19V, C'OA»1 Cork 
11 »S 2l»i 2o11 21V. 

39V, 3]'/, CrwZetl 1.69 
1 331 3S'/> 34'.i 
35 + 1. 

44 
6oV, CrnZpF4.» 
.. 
75o 4111 «'/, 6o'/,— 2V, 
Illi 1}!. Cli Cp.SO 
4 122 12 
IIV, !!!.+ V. 

13 
1o 
Cullloan .36 v 
77 13!i 
W lO'/lt 
11 

37'i 311. CL-mEn .sla 
9 37 3]'.i 3J',i Dl'l— 'i 

7V1 
SV, Ci-nnlXo .» 
4 
B 
6'-i 
614 
6V, 

111 llli Currlnc.99e .. 
9o 131. 111. 
13 — 1, 

.1411 Wi CurlllVf.lM 
1o Kl 
11 lOVi IOH- V. 

17 
171, CurtWr A 2e .. 
5 2414 24 
24 — 
H 

31 
37 
CullerH 1.4o 
4 IC8 
2SV, 77 
77'.',+ 
Vi 

71'i IS!. CytlopsCp 1 
5 
17 181| 
1711 1811+ li 

45V* 
35 
Cyprus 1.12 
B 113 171/, 
34V, 
36V,— '/, 

IJ-K-I-1' 

41V1 33". Darr-.onCP 
21 76o 36'i 
IS 
IS',1— I'/. 

91. 
7!. DanP.lv .6o 
5 1o5 
9',1 
B!i 
9 
... 

25V, 19',. Dana 1.36b 
5 151 2511 24 
24 — 11 

23V, I41/, Darllnd JOb 
6 
98 
11?. 17V, 
171/,— li 

29 
24V, Dartlnd pi 2 .. 
7o 16 
25 
24 
+ 
V, 

39 
77 
DalaC.enl 
35 7JI 
35 
32 
34'/,+ 314 

1511 131/, Daycol.14 
4 
11 1S14 14H 
I4'i— V* 

58 
49V, Dayc PF4 25 
. ;1oo 54V, 54 
3 4 — 7 

5V, 
3!i Daylln .34 
S 4M 
414 ]'/, 
4 — 14 

1? 
IH DaylKud .34 
S 1o5 1oV, 
9V, 
1oV1— 
•/, 

3111 19 
DavlPL 1.64 13 591 I9H 19 
I9V.+ 
Vi 

941', W 
DPLplJ.48 
.. ,3o 8? ffi 
|? — ]V1 

97 
91V, D P L O I 7 7 3 
.. 
13o 95 
95 
95 
+ '/, 

 t'fi 
6H DeanVVit .4o 
9 
83 
7V1 
6", 
614— It 

S3!, lav, oeere l.4Ca 
1 977 
4oV, 3l'/> 4oV.+ IV, 

IS'.I U1/, DelmaP 1.7o 
7 257 13V, 13V, 
1311+ II 

1411 lill Del Mnt 1.7o 
7 73o !1H 71 
11 + li 

3411 33V, oclriAlr.6o 
13 436 SIV* 49 
1o'., f 1 

1 
6V1oehec.4o 
4 
19 
7H 
7V, 
711 

914 
6HOeltonaCrp 
4 177 
7!i 
7 
7H+ 
Vt lh/, I6'/, DennMfg .9o 
5 
34 18'/. UV, 
1116. 
J. 
11'. 
7V. Oe<v1yS .o6 
19 35] 
1o 
911 
9Ht- H 

231/, 2o!, Denllply .74 11 1o 2J!i 
2114 IIH— IV, 
IHi 
8!. OeSolam .4o 6 IJ4 
«'/. Hi 
9 

II 
161. DelEd.'s 1.45 
9 631 11 
16!i 16!-.- V, 

11] 
ISS'/l Del E PI9.17 ..I72oIC8 
1o6 
1 o 4 - 3 

91V, 88 
De!Epl7.6* . . 1*9 
88 
II 
81 n ii 
Dei E HIM .. ] il ii i i - j 

7o 
64V, Del E pl5 SO .. 
5 U'.i 
44li 641i— 
H 
III! 11 
Dexler.a 
11 36 I3U 14H 
ISV.+ I 

23'-. ll'i O'll Flnl .54 1o ' 51 1611 15V, 
16 
-1- v, 

11V. 
76H Dlamlnt J 
7 149 31 
J7V. JJV.— 
Vi 

7911 J]i/, D:amSn l.K) 
< 164 36V, I5V1 2514- 
S. 

IS'/, 
31 
DiaSnpfCJ .. 
11 llli ll'/< 
3 11/,- 11 

16V. 
IS', Diapt o1.2o .. 
31 1311 15i/. U',11 11 

17!4 llli DickAB .44 
7 14 lift lilt l!'1-~ V, 
I'l 
8V. CHclapH .444 
7 81 9!i 
9H 
111— VI 

3911 31 
DieooTd.JOb 
14 74 31V, 11 Vi IIH— It 

9V1 
7i/. CHGIOro .46 
5 
IS 
111 
IV. 
IV,— It 

17711 14V, DlglFll Eapl 
17 415 1o1V, lOJVi 1o6'* 1- 3V4 
1 
SH Din.'njm .4o 
7 
67 
7H 
7 
Hi 
1- 
14 

74 
71 
Dlllngm of J . . 
J 14 
14 
J4 + V, 
3]'i 
271.1 O.IIWCo Ib U 31 IJli llli llli— !l 

34V1 3514 Dliney .lib 
742492 41V, 4JH 41!l— 4!i 

17 
1] Ddltoil.il 
9 X57 I5H 
15 l):4 

4714 
41 
O!IISe63 1o 
19 
19 41% 41!. 41','.— 
V. 

H^K low 
P.E (hJi) ll^h lo* loil Cho 

Jii 
111 LHversld In 
3 
SI 
2 
IT! 
2 + 1 

111! 1o 
DIVMtl.no 
113o2 1211 1o 
1oH— 51 
22!. 1614 Orfeopr .24 u 379 |7»J un iSiJZ > 

9 ---?1I DomF 1 lie 
. 
31 ill 
711 
71. + v sn 
4ik riom.1^1 J . 1 4 io 
1 "i! jlj Jijl t 

74H li". Donnllev .57 U 41o 11M 11 
11 — III 
»1. llV, Doric Cp .11 5 33 lift lilt IIV*- "i 
IV. 
31i Dorr CHlvef 
4 
33 
111 
714 
7V. + (I 

611 
3 
Dorsey.1o 
6 
48 
S!l 
5H Sli- 1 

41V. 
2Jli Dover 1.o4 
9 
57 
34V* 
3314 31 + 2! 

64 
5o14 OowChem 1 
71 1714 il\\ 
S914 61H+ V 

41* 
3V* DPF Inc 
33 3o4 3\| 
31,', 
IV, , 

47", 3711 Dravo 1.4o 
11 
31 44U 41V4 4111- 1 

7o'i 
4411 Dresser I.JO 13 545 ItZ 
44V? 4614-1 1 

7o11 4iy,Dr«p|J.JO 
.. 
114 SOU 4711 4H*? JV 

6311 
JJll or »sr pIB 2 .. 
IS 
44V1 4] 
44V1+ J 

1911 I41i DrexeS 1.44 .. 
M 17lJ 1411 
17 - 
V, 

911 
614 DreylusCp I B 35 8)4 ill 
11, + v! 

7o11 1611 Ouk PwT« 
9 136 1714 ll'/i 171*+ 
1! 

1o6V, 
9311 Duke pFI.7o 
.1337o til* 9114 9llii V* 

94 
86 
DuVeplJ.GO ..lilt t) 
48 
88 . 

84Vi 11 
Oukepl6.7S .. 
J liv. Sin tin- ii 

36 
29V. DvnBrad .84 2o 524 31 
291. 3o14+ 
M 

411 
31. Duplan CP 
11 
41 HI 
311 
JV4— 1. 

'H.. Ill' J'i,?11 S'"* 
14 W! "!th ""'' lwli+ «• 
661i 
591* dvPnl pf4.5o .. 
19 81 
59H 
6oV4— ll 
Sill 4811 duPnl p!3 SO . 
7 49 
4.11 4111 

Jill 1911 DuqLIUl 
8 43] 7o14 
1914 7o1i-"ii 

9o11 34 
Dyonpl7.2o 
.. 
Z4o 64 
84 
16 

77 
25 
Dqj.7pl3.13 
.. I7W 75V, 7514 J31i^.'i" 

27 
23 
Dqj.tpt7.o5 
.. 
12o 7SH 73V1 35V, t 
14 

71 
34 DmiLlJpl3 
..115o 7JV, Jj 
J4vi_ ,j 

'ft* n.. go. VlplJ. 1o ..IJOO J4V1 JIV, 34V1+ 
VI 

I4H 
o», Oymorn.38 
5 52 1!!| 1o11 HI.— '.i 
JIVi 11". EaglPlc 1.o4 
3 
63 7oH 
1914 19'^- '" 

11 
911 EascoCp .4o 
J 
71 1oV* 911 
1o 
— ''* 

8Vi 
511 EaslAlrLIn 
.. 535 7 
Jli *.._ ii 

171. 32V. EaslGS.421 
13 21? 24 
Jj'i 
34 

17 
IJli EaslUH 1.3o IS 
37 I5H 
15 lS',i + "i4 

11711 96HEaiKO I.JSa 
25 1516 WH| 1o4H 1o5 _ 2!. 

31 
2J11 Eaton 1.3o 
5 113 291. 2814 JIH- ll 

39", 
231, Eaton pll. 19 .. 
1 2Jll 2|H J|li+ v! 

34 
7311 Echlln .38 
19 
89 79 
J7V, I7V1— 1 

26!. 13V, EckrdJk .24 7o 159 7J1. 21 
2] - 

1411 11 
EckdNC .24 
11 
15 1411 14V, 14V,- 
14 

35 
Jill EdisBro 1.7o 
6 
15 33!l 
J3'A 
331. 

19!. 
1JV4 EG8.G .1o 
14 144 1314 1341 13l'i'"ii 

3V, 
311 Elecl Assoc 
.. 
61 3!i 
31| 
3H 

251, 13V, EDS.JSe 
91135 ISV. Ill* 1311-2 
4'i 
3 
El Mem Mf} 
5 144 3U 
3 
3",+ 
14 

111 
711 EAWpflk 
.. 
17 8l! 1", i"!- vi 

1! 
7>l Elgin Nail 
.. J14 11 
1*1.1 ii!.+ v* 

4?. 
J'.4 Elixir Ind 
1o S4 314 314 i " 

161i nilEIPasoGtb 
7 471 li!i 1411 tni""' 

78 
JJ'.I EltraCpl.5o 
5 35 75 
3411 2411- li 

4514 31'i EmerEl.7o 
IS 66o 41',, 4o 
43V.+ 
V, 

5911 45". EmWyA.96 
33 345 31 
47U 49H+ 11, 
9!, 
611 Emerylrt .31 
8 
16 9 
I'/, 
111- It 

22 
17V. EnM-rf l.JOa 
5 14o ll'-i 11V* 1|!1+ 'i 

3 
Jl.EMILI.19e 
7 11 I'.i Ili ''. T v{ 

>6'i 1411 Err^DE 1.23 
9 
33 
IS 
1411 IS + li 

511 
51. Em 4.7pl.41 
..(33o 
511 
5H 
514— V, 

'O'l 
614 EmpFin .511 
5 779 1o 
Hi 
914+ 
V. 

13 
9 
Empire Gas 
3 116 
911 
9 
91.— 1, 

711. 16 
Enc.lhdM.5o H) 797 19V, 1111 la!4— 
V4 

7 
SV. Enn'sD.lte 
6 X76 611 
6". 
611— '. 

7o 
15H Enlexinc .91 
4 7o9 
7o 
IB". 1B14- 
Vi 

35 
I4>1 Envlrolech 
13 
37 3o"* 
19'1 3o 

14 
17'i Eqjlmrk .8o 
5. 5o 1414 1314 \)'f,- 
"'/, 

33", 
77V, EquiiGs 3.4o 
4 
33 3HI 
38V4 
29Vi— i| 

72H 
1711 EqulLIJ.Jle 
1x53! 2o14 17'^ 17'i^ Jlj 

38 
32'-4 ESainc 1.4o 
7 214 331* IJV1 3114+ 
Vi 

34 
34V. Esmark 1 
7 1o 31 
291i 31 + Vl 

7 
5"< Esquire .33 
4 x» (it 
6 
6"* 

5V* 
3!i Eslerltne .3o 9 36 41, 
41. 
4''|— "ii 

3o 
211, ElhylCp la 
4 14] 251* 
23 
2 5 + 3 

4o 
13*i ElKvlpll.4o 
.. 
31 34V, 3411 36 + 1 
3", 
9". EvansP.4oa 
5 134 13!. 
13V, 
1311-- 1, 

1811 1411 ExCellO-9o 
7 52 Is 
1511 1511- l! 

241, 
19'1 Exclsr I.JOe 
.. 
5o 21'i 
911 7o-111 

97'i 
7811 Exxc-n 4.4o5 
7 1231 81 
78ii 78!.- Ill 

W'.. 
6!. Faoroe.4o 
5 212 8li 
7V4 7lP v! 

64 
44'i Falrcfam .« 
9 W99 SOU 46li 49V1+ 311 

6". 
4". Falrlnd.3oo .. 
57 31. 
Sli 
5'.4- 1. 

1o1. 
8V, FalrmlF.6o 
8 
41 
914 
811 a'l— Vi 

ISV. 
14 
Fairmlpll 
. . . J 14 
14 l" - l 

31/, 
I 
Falstaf Brw .. 35 3 
I!. 
2!.— V. 

 ll'i 
9'i FanslecH .JO 
6 35 12V, 12 
11 - '' llli 
S'i FirWF .441 
7 41 3 
7V, I", 

12 
J'.i Farad Mlg 
.. Ill 
9V, S'.i 
9 _ "ki 

14', 
I'l Fedders .So 
438o8 
8V4 
7'i 
JH- V, 

IB 
1411 FedcralCo 1 
3 
45 17 
15 
16U+ "* 

2211 
17 
FedUogl.8o 
8 
71 21 
3o 
7oVH 
',, 

TO'l till FcdNMt.68 
61217 
17J-* 
1611 17V,+ 1| 

16V, 
141, FPaa pll.2o 
.. 
24 1411 141. 
14V1— 
'-* 

3 
51. FdSim [S.M 
4 
13 71i 
7V, ;i/:_ v, 

371, 76 
FMOSI 1.16 
12 33] -121, 311. 31li- !. 

35 
1741 FerroCp 1 
5 
34 7Hi 7o1^ 71!.+ 11, 

'?;• "'> porebrd .1o 
4 19] I7!j lili |;>!I ii{ 
5', 
41.1 Fidetlly Fin 
4 
24 
4V* 
4V, 
JV,— ", 

•O'i 
J 
FldMlglnv 
13 
147 
41i 
4 
J"!— ', 

34". 33!. FldUB 3.7o6 
6 
13 3J11 34 
3 4 - >1 

1811 
14V, FleldIM 1.4o 
6 71o 1711 17 
17V,- "! 

Hi 
91. FillrolCp .6o 6 
12 
11", 
1 
_ "! 

15). 1o1, FinlFed .6o1 
J 
26 111. 
V, 
V,- .' 

814 1311 Flreslone 1 
3 315 
14V, 131. I5!|— i| 

ISli 
131. Fstdlar .911 K) 331 U 
13V4 jii 

B!l 49'i FslChl I.BO 
14 415 7]1| 71H 7!ll^"!i 

6o 
5o 
FstlntBnc 1 
19 
174 52',i 
51H 57V.+ 'i 
O'i 
5 
FslMI l.Jle n 2125 sv, 
5 i _ ,1 

4311 39 
FslNBo 1.62 
9 
79 4oV, 39 
43", 

J 
2411FstNSIBn2 
7 
14 24 
7311 24 l"'i', 

5 
37 
FslPa 1.37 
9 323 35V, 3? 
3311- 311 

6 
1oV. F PaW3.ole 
5 198 111. 1o','. IO'/, - "! 

HI 
1o FSIURE.96 14 X49 111. 
11 
11 _ '! 
3!i 
8V. FSIVaB ,44e 
9 
15 91i 
9 
9 — l. 

34'i 33V, FWISCp 1.76 S 
53 
34Vi 231,-, 331,1— ii 

".; 
8'1 FSIWlsMlj 
J 358 1o'.' 
8'.' 
I'l- 114 

3 
4oV, FISChbM .It 
13 
81 4314 43V, 43AI- V* 

S'l 111'* FilhFlls.3o 
9 1o5 ISli IJi. 14!,— 1. 
7!. 
51, FISI-rSci.M 13 315 7',. ft, 
7H+ 1 

81. 3!. FloelEnt.U 
1 4 4 o 7 
31, 
7V. 
71"+ V. 
I'i 
9',i Flerw.-xj .6o 
7 65 111* »'' toli- "' 

«> 
»>« f WVir .741 
« 193 
IJV, ll'.l |2'/,+ 
>', 

9'., 14'.. Fllnlkte 1.o8 
4 
59 
18 
1711 1711— 
V, 

6o'i S2'i FntpfAJJO .. 45o 59V, 59 
59 _ | 

3o 
76V, Fnloto 2.25 .. 
3 79V, 23H 791',-- '1 

2 
?l!t Flat Coast 
7 31 7I!I ;,vi 27'i- 14 

6 
11 
FlaGas.72 
5 21o I3!t 
12V, 
13 — '* 

'/, 
21 
FlaPowl.95 
81718 
73V. 
31 
22','*- 1 

79'. 2o1, FlaP»L 1.22 
6 8oo 311, 2o11 2o11— ", 

4V. 
3311 FlaSII 1.3o 
5 
25 2]>. 23'i 
23V, 

 f'1 "J» f |UC'CP .2o 771o21 «'/, 371. 79 +" li 
Hi 7o Ftucrpfo3 
.. 
1 ggi.i jolt Bni|j. .. 

W 'j:-' Fl'J'»'-4»> 6 794 
17!* M!* mli ii 

IV* 
16', FMC .92 
B 115 19'/1 IB'I 19 

S 
3111FHCpF2.25 
7 33'? 
33 
J' 

9 
6'. FdFa[r.29b 
7 
23 7!. 
71i 
7V,^"ii 

111 
8H FooleCB .8o 
6 
9 1o*1 131. 
W'i- 
11 

3 
JSFOOKMin 
13 
14 UV, 12 
13 - vi 

15 
19' i Fool plJ.TOe 
. 
J 34 
34 
34 — ii 
3!. 39', Foroft3.»a j ,j:1 j,,,, jj,, |J, 
; 

11. llli ForMcK .K 
5 281 1311 1211 12li- sj 

7 
ISli FlOea 1.44* 
. 
17 ISV, 15V, 1511 — .,, 

!'• 
IS 
HtHowd.Sia 
15 
(1 
1711 14!. 16!4— 11 

641, 
31 
FoilWM.W 
11 73o 34'' 
31 iji.+ 1'. 

31. 341, Foxboro.6o 
JO U] .15", 34", 34>i- 2 4 

2o 
131. Frr.klnM .7o li 9o8 18!. 18"! IB'.i- '* 

79V. 3J1/, FrecplM .6o 11 5o3 74". 73'.i 34V.+ l 
S . t9'i FrueSFllO 
5 153 2311 22H 
33 ... 

o', 
6'.i Fi.-ag3 Ind 
4 389 
91. 
811 
9 — 11 

G-H-1 

9 
6 
GaWelra 11 
3 
81 
4V. 
4 
6 — li 

311 
1HC AC Corp 
3 163 
2V, 
2>.| 
7H 

1111 
I'i 
OAF Cu Ji 
5 143 9>i 9'i 
9V,+ ", 

17!. IS'.i OAF nTl.M 
-. 
1o 16!i 14V, 14J1+ V, 

131i 15V, GaniSk 1.4o 
5«673 3]'l )1 
31'i+]V, 

o 
34 
Gamsnd.li 
. 
X4 29V* 
M>4 79 + " 

3114 2514 Gams pfl.6o . 
X14 31!| Jl 
]2'1+ 3", 

37 
34V, Garden .36 
23 417 
35i/* 33V, 33H— 1", 

I6'i 26HGardDm.76 
16 347 I?'-! 26"! 
3611— '1 

7H 
14 
Garlocx .84 
6 
16 14 
15V, IS'.i- 1. 

14, 
1311 Gas Svc 1.13 
6 
34 13'1 12H 1211+ V* 

4V, 
31i Gateway In 
21 
19 
4 
J'/. 
3!.-- 
:.', 

71. 
4 
GCA Corp 
7 
41 
6'/, 
4 
4".+ 
.-, 

Oli 
31. Gemini Cap 
. 
74 911 
9 
9 - 
J, 

1511 13'/i Gr-miniln fa 
.. 
4 14!. 
14'/, 14'/,— v, 

S lill GA In 1.25" 
.. 
51 I2'/* 1144 12V.+ ',i 

SO't 35 GnAOILMft 16 It 34!i 35 
3 5 - 1 

J 
5o 
GATranl.eo 
11 241 5o'i 
SO 
5oV, — ", 

1o 
6l'i GATnpl2.5o .. 
3 63 
4l'.i 81'.i- 1 

14 
12!. GnBncs .75e 
6 
15 131| 1311 131.'.— 
V, 

5"' !H°GcnS6le'W 
* '" *> '*' "'" " "' 

JJ* 
4UGenDcvelpl s 27 614' 
51. "H- 
'il 

'811 19H Gen D^nam 
6 7o1 15V* 2311 35 + ", 

65 
5o'1 GenEI 1.6o 
161775 
SSH 
S3 
S3'A— IV, 

»14 
J3V, GnFood 1.4o 1o 111 15'/. 25 
2311- '/! 

11.1 13!i GnGrlh .9» 
17 65 14!. 
14V, 14'/,— i/, 

914 
711 GnHnt . We- 
4 
15 
81. 
8V, 
8141 v! llli 12'i Gcninsi .331 
7 517 IJ.!. 17H 131I- l! 

6 * 
31 
Gnuislrpl3 
.. 
7 34 
33'/, 
34 
.. 

6!1 IJV. GnMed -14a 
13 125 IJV. 
13 
1)".+ v, 

59!, 
SO>,1 GenMill 1.o8 
IS 193 53!| 
SIV, 52 + ii 

55V, 4511 Go^ot 5 73e 
5 237o SO'/, 491. 5o 
+ 
V, 

1 
65 
Gn7/otSpl5 
.. 
19 nit 
65 
65 -JVI 

52V1 SOV, GMolplf IS 
4 5o'i 
M". 
SO'/,* '1 

311 
1o14 Gcnpcrl .6o 
1] 111 11"! 11". ifi,,— il 

7o". 
17'i GPubtl 1.63 1 651 18V-, 11'. 1|v.- V, 

61. 
41. GrnRefracI 
9 
45 
614 
6V. 
61.+ 
Vi 

53 
351. GnSional .7o 15 3J2 36'i 341. 38'!+ ii 

4'.i 
2H Gen 5'e<l 
J. 
77 31* JH J'i f ". 

761. 2311 C-TelEI 1.77 
8 9o8 74V, 73V, J3!4-!- i. 

8 
33V, GTIEI r>f3.5o .. 
4 34V, 35',i 
34", l- 1 

7 
15!. GTFIpll.3o 
..;66o 16V, 15!1 15!.- V. 

',{* 
' 3 1 G Tire 1.1oo 
4 121 I5»i 151. 15H + V. 

7V, 
4!.Genescolnc 
82 111 6H 
5'i 
6V4+ 
V, 

JOV. 16V, Gonst»r 1 
7 
14 7oV, 1911 19>™_ ij 

<1". JJVi CoiuPli .51 2J 
157 79!. J| 
79 '/! I ", 

51/, 
35 
GaPac.BOo 
13 541 43 il 
47>!+ |v! 

941, 
88 
GaP»pl7.W .. ,4o 89 
88 
88 

4 
9o 
GaP«p<!.72 ..iJTO 91V, 9o 
9o —IV, 

Jli ll'/, GerberPd 1 
9 
81 12H 
12Vi 
1214- •'.. 

5 
135',-, GetlyO 1 JOe 11 261 I33H 131 
133 
... . 

9'i 11", GetKJpFI.JO .. 
1o 11!, IJ./, IB".— li 

Hi 
41. GF Bus .32 
5 
22 
S''i 
3>.i 
S!l 

4V, 
121. GlanPC !3 
8 
52 14li 
14 
|4 
Ill 12V. GICFInl .191 
4 39 I3H 
IH 
3V,^"i/, 

6!. 
5 
Gldd Lev/Is 
36 62 iv, 
S'.i 
6Vi- VI 

7 1 13 
GIFIdHill.52 
6 
7o 16V, 15H IS'.i— 
VI 

JOV, 3211 Gillette I.S9 
11 342 35'-i J41i 3414- HI 

71. o!. Glnoslnc 
7 127 mi ll'/J IIH— v! 

16V, 
131, GleasnW.4J 35 
38 I]'/, 13!. I3!i— ", 

7!. 
1714 Global Mar 
1o 71] ll'/! 1211 
13 - 
V, 

V4- li'/iii GlobeU 
.lla 

5 
37 IS'/, 14H 1511+ !i 

IS 
«'/. GOIdVYI Fin 
7 64 IJ'.i 
1o14 12 f lit 

331', 14!, Oooarhl.13 
3 754 72V, l)'i 2H/.+ 7 l}'.| 141. COOdyrTR 1 
6153o 
17 
16V, |6H— V, 
Jl. 
8V, GOT MIA .37 
S 34 l>, 
IVI 
111— 1| 

2411 19 Gouldlnl.1o 
8 IIS lill 79 
31'^+ 'i 
111. 234Gr»ce!.SO 
1 427 2614 JSV, JS'.i- 
'.', 

14 
Ilii Grar.dUn.K 
9 67 12!. 
12", 1J14- if, 

• 
ISli Granllv 1.7o 
5 
7o 
14V, 
16 
16 - 
V, 

12 
6V, Granw.4o 
11 1154 
7'/, 
6'/, 
8H- '/I 

91/, 
6'/j GravOrg .JO 
7 
15 
111 1 
8 — V* 

37 
IIV, GIAMI J.SOe 
J i m 
14 
11V, IJ _ JH 

4!i 
I'iGIAlP.lCe 
.. 
129 UV, U 
!!'/,+ 
V, 
I'i 14',1 GILkOr 1.2o .. 
1 IS'.i IS'.i 
1S'/J+ if, 

1!'. 1o1. GINoIr I.We 13 
41 UVt 1] 
11 t Vt 

«v, 411, GlrlNek 1.6o 9 43 4S'/i 4]H 45!. Til* 
I5,' W'9'£HP*-a 
• "* «w "'-if 
71 
17 
GtV/nFln.JO 
4 671 ll!| II 
||Vil ", 

7V. 
IVtCIWnUnll 
. 
71 
Sit 
5 
S - v! 

5V, llli GlWnUnlpt 
.. 
5o ISV, IJV, 
IJV.— 1| 

JU 
IH GrlWsl. inv 
.. 
S IVi iv! 
|'/r+ it 

25V, l9VGrGI.nl 1.o8 
7 
48 31V, JO'-i Jo!l- H 

-5 
161. GrSlpll.76 
.. 
4 J1V, Tli/, 79',,— ]'/, 

414 
JliGreyhndvd 
.. 2o1 
JH 11. 'JH~ " 

I'i 1" Gr!r,ern'M " '" '^ 
*'* '" 
* 

o!. l]»l Gulrdlan In 11 
44 19V, II".', 
9 I l' 

«JH I4>1 Guar7n3.89l 
3x411 IIH Ul. 13Vt- 111 

12 
IV, OIILIMId .JO 
5 149 
9% tv! til 

Hi ll'/. G1IWtg2.l2e 
4 49 11 
IJH l'lj + "v, 

S", 21 GvKOfll.M 
S193o 12V, Jill JlV.i '/! 

Sit 12 OullRevce 
II 131 I4V4 
13 ll'.tf 
14 
!l!i 
17 
GII.iplA.JO .. 
X2J 191* lili 
9>*_ 14 

22!t 
I7'i 
GfR ptOI B 
<31 Itil livi 
9V, f "! 

1 
I2HOIISI&II.IJ 
7 XJ4 i)V| I'vJ J|/;1 $ 

7'i 
54 
OlliUp44.S3 .. t!3 SIV, SIV, JIV, + Hi 

9 
3)'.'. GlfSU PI4.4o .. (2o 34V, 54'.'! Uv!! 
11 

7711 331. GulfWn .72 
3 271 34'/! J3i| 14 - l| 
7!l 
Jll GltWInd v;t 
.. 173 V:, "ii 
4V|- i/! 

54!t 
48 
OK A- p|)l) 
. 
1 SH'! 
S3 
4? _ it 
I'i 71Ho1IWPI575 
.. 
S» 71V 
5vV. nv,-} 

411 
J 
Oullcn Kd 
7 4o IV, 
JU jlj 

34 
3JV, MJCk VI ]<S 
1 
7 34% J 
W,- 'ii 

41i II'/*H«IIFB.3.1 
IJ 444 I3t| tilt IIV 

IVj 
14 
HJIIPrl.lga 
3 14 13 
IJ 
13 - it 

STKiXDTLY IUSJNESS ^MM.H 

''''"' Uw^c:,i^'^'-MI'' """•"- 

Yeaity 
Sates 
Ne 

Hqn low 
P.f (hJi ) High low l<nl Chg 

19J 
IJ311 MalCvrl 1.-/o 
71 1o8o 144 
13B'/, 13JV,— S'l 

2o 
1611 ItamPap .» 
4 243 191/, 19 
1(VvT " 

3 
4!itlam3nd.4o 
5 3o 7!. 
J'/i jvj_ ", 

1 
1 Hwdlmn.aa- 
3 119 
7'i i>> 
7 — Vi 

13 
13 
HandvH .72 
1o ISO 1414 
14 
14 
— J!i 

13' 
81. HanesCp.6o 
3 
99 8!i 
BH 
Bli— 
11 

541 
3o 
Hanna. f.3S 
12 334 331/1 3o1, 3314- v, 

31 
14H Harraurl I 
3 38 llli H!t 
18^ 

1' 
5'i Hardee .o4p 
15 119 
6V* 
6 
4 — 14 

37' jji-, HarnlsF U& 
S 38 J9V, 28H 
29 
+ i* 

141 
914 Harrahs .71 
II 
SO IJi-i 
13V4 1311+ 
4! 

331 
J7H llarrlnl 1.13 
9 81 29v! 27H 
28 - I" 

31 
13 
Harsco Ib 
5 XSI 
14 
13V* l]/,_ 
»j 

4' 
11 
HrlSTiVx.U 
6 171 13!i 12I| 12!.+ V, 

91 
6!l HarleHX .7o 
6 79 
BV. B", 
811+ 
"i 

19' 
171. HaflSec ,4le .. 
31 mi |7>., 1714- i, 

131 
191. HawllEI 1 56 
7 
48 2o1. 7o11 2o!i- V, 

13' 
1o11 HayesAlb 1 
5 
53 
12H ll'i 1U1- !, 

611 
4V1 llateltine 
9 296 
5V, 
5 
51/1+ ", 

19 
I4'i HCAMarlm 
7 37 17 
16H 17 - 
V 

13 
71. Hecks. 13 
6 
53 
1oV4 
1o 
1o"i— 
1. 

361. 3olt HeclaM.33.1 
39 1S49 26!i 24". 23!i- li 

1o!, 
8H Heitem -44a 
5 
32 
9 
81i aii— "! 

3o 
3811 HeiniH 1.12 
14 323 4911 J7VI 49V1+ Jv! i',i 
Jl. Helene Curl 
.. 
25 311 311 
3"*— Vi 

4o". 
3511 Hcllerlnl .84 16 262 36'i 
36 
34H 

^49 
153 
Hllerpli.o7 
.. 
1 155 
55 
155 -I'/, 

It'.; 
9V, HelnieP.6o 
13 196 IB'.i 
9'i 
9H— 1", 

47 
21 
HdmrhP .14 1) 199 3o!. 78 
29!i+ 
14 l!i 
IV, Hemlspr, Cp .. 
1o Hi 
Hi 
1l{+ i.j 

7V, 
6'-i Hemlnc .7Ce 
13 
7 
7 
7 — ./, 

33 
Mil HercUes .8o 16 86o 371, 36V, 36V,— 1"! 

15 
12', tlershFd .» 11 39 I2H 111, I3H- ii 

36'i 
29 Hcss'on .32 
7 49 79!, 19 
79"!— ii 

57V* 42 tleubielnl. 
18 149 45!, 44V, 45' — 
V, 

91V* 
69 
HewPck.JO 39.361 65!. 8314 Sl'l— Hi 

«'* l|VtHlAenbd.4l 
1o 
19 7iv! 71 
7111.*.. *' 

21!i 7o ' HcharlM.77 
11 154 13 
7?" 32**^ VI 

4o 
32V, MoernW 1.7o 
8 7o 33V, 33 
3] - 'i 

16'1 1611 HcernWal r. 
1 34 
17 
1611 16H— 2 

7V, 
5V, HMI Elclrn 
17 1oo 
5V. 
5V, 
?n 
^'i 
12 
Holiday .3Sb t 637 13H 13", 131.—"', 

73'* 2IH HlldrA 1.7o1 
IS 73H 72'i 7]'i+ u 

19VI 
1211 Kollilsu 1.2o 
7 79 18H 
18 Illil V. 

Wl 
75 
Homest* la. 
71 1117 
84 
B7V* 
85 — 3V1 

84V, 
7o'.i Honywll 1.4o 
14 44o 76>i 73H 73 - 4'1 

11 
17'. HocvUII 1.28 
5 
59 ' 19V. 18 
18",- it 

7 
Jl, Horlton Cp 
4 
95 
5 
41| 
4H— iJ 

1 
B'.i HospAlf .571 
J 
3o 
911 
91| 
914— Vi 

19 
I3'i 
HospllA.16 
1o 4o5 IJI. 
14 
14 - 
»i 

1211 
61, Hosllnll .36 
9 
97 11V, 11 
Ml. 

111. 
911 Houdall .6oa 
5 179 11 
ISli 1 
+"vi 

3711 741, Houd PF 7.35 .. 
3 35V, 351, 35V4— v, 

13',. 
91, HougMll .48 
7 14o 13"* 131. nfr^ »i 

91. 
71. House Fbrlc 
11 113 
811 
7'i 
1 

32 
151, HousFin.9o 
17 6o9 Uj9t 
14V* 141.::"!' 

39 
31'* HouFpt3.5o 
. 
16 33 
311* 
3P1— 11. 

49H 38". II3UFPI2.37 
.. 
48 39", 38'.i Ja't- .{ 

79H 741. Housl-P 1.43 
7 3*9 25V. 245| 741,- ii 

3o 
231. HOUNGS.SO 
1] 17o S'i 
2311 24V*^ H 

591* 
43 
HouGpl2.5o 
.. 
11 49V, 48 
4 9 — 1 

1] i 
3'i HJWJC'in .3o 9 B67 1oV. 9V, 9H— ". 

17.1 
1311 Hcwmcl .7o 
1o 7oo IIV, 15 
16'1+ ''. 

191. 16 Hutbrd 1.56 
13 2o3 16!. 
16 
I6Vi- i. 

29V, 24!i HudBy 1 6oa 
5 
77 JJH J4'i 
JS ',— ", 

611 
41. KL-5hHat .43 
6 
9 
5'.* 
511 
S'.i— '/. 

73!, 161, llSnlCha.74 
15 «» 171,' 
]4?5 i;'T Ij 

9H 
711 HullnEF .4o 
7 
43 
7'i 
711 
!*»— 
3! 

28V. 21'i FIuyck.!Sa 
23 B2 26 
2411 25 
- ' 

91. 
4'., Mvdrom .16 
5 
36 
71, 
7U 
7V1- V, 

S'i 
4'i ICM Ptiarm 
811S6 
5'i 
4", 
4H - 1 

V, 761. Idaho P 1.86 
9 115 
77V, 27 
27 — ' l 

3 
J ?,v< 'dealBasIc 1 W 146 7o1, 
19V, 7oV1+ 
.1 

75V, 
Ideal PI4. 75 
.. 
2 86 
8514 8511—311 
H 
3 
Idea Toy. 151 
7 118 JH 
31i j + i! 
!l 2oV1 IDS Rl 3.76o 
8 773 
231'* 7oV, 21V,- IV, 

2 Vi 171, IjICenl 1.3o 
5 1o3 Isi ill. 1)3+ 1 

S 
8? 
IllCcnl pfA6 
.. 
5 83 
87 
83 

451. 4oV. IIICenpl3.5o .. 
24 41 
JOV, 41 + '". 

7V, 24 
IIIPowr2.JO 
9 7oS 23V, 34 
IJlji ij 

6H 34H IIPow pf3.13 
,1oo 3311 74H 74'lZ i! 

611 75 
IIPOWPI3.o4 ..ilX 
24 
34 
34 

76 
JJV, IIIToo1W.JO 
14 46 24 
3311 JJ'..-"li 

211 
8 2 ImpCpAm 
5 354 1o1. 
911 1o11+ 'i 

33'i J2.ilNACp2.3lc- 
5 XJ2J 
34 
32'.i 33VI- 1 
»!• 171i NAInl.lue .. 
89 19 llvt 18V,- li 
7'i «i Income Cap 
58 
614 lit 
6H— '. 

O'i 
914 IncCCu -95fl 
.. 
7o 
1o 
91. 
1o 
4 
V, 
73'i 
1711 Indlar.Hdl 
5 
17 19", lJV, 
19 -.+ 
./ 

7511 72V, IndlanGas 2 
7 
9 341. 24V1 74V... . 

IV, 8911 IndiMpf 7.76 . 
733 91V, 8911 8914— 3'i 

25',. 21H IndplPLl.tJ 
8 152 
2211 22 
22 - 
"! 

!? 29'SKoay-,N ,JJ3 S!' TO J^:r'S i% JW^fi'&L-il :?-ffl ^Si"*^;?^ 
o 
41 
InlCon 1.68a 
7 
42 47V. 45'i J7V.+ |", 

1 4 !il| IntandSII li 
4 117 7911 78!. 79 - il 

Bli 
5!. Inmonl .3o 
5 723 Ili 6'i 
?i|+ "i 

911 
8V. lnsllco.7o 
5 1o7 SH el! jv, 

S,, 13!, InscptAl.li 
. 
6 15 
I4H Ulill'n 

49.1 4o1, lmpCop2.o3 
7 
34 48H 48V, 4SV,— ", 

1 
8 
Inslnv 1.42o 
5 
31 
9 
8 
8 — 1 

911 
7'i Inlcgon .78 
4 
95 
BV. 
8 
6'.— 
14 
I'J 23H inlerco 1.34 
4 
62 28 
36V1 26''-- 1". 
3!i 
111 Inlrcntl Div 
, 214 
I 
1!. |',. 

Sli 21'.i Interlkl.Ka 
5 79o 74V. 2SV. 16 I ij 

4 
223 
IDM5.12 
2o1251235 
22911 229V4— 4 
Hi 331. InlFIFr .o71, 47 697 37V, 3S'^ 33H- n 

79'.-. 23H IntHar 1.5oa 
6 31o 26!. lilt I6H- 
'! 

3!1 
11 
InlHold .9fc 
. 17 
13". 
IJ 
17", 

Sli 3511 IntMinCh °^ 
1, 1134 4lil 31 U 39V- 'ii 

49!. 47 inlM'rr nl 4 
. 
1 48 
48 
48 — ',1 

3V, IJli InlM-vgll 
9 134 19 
111. 1314— i 

B 
3311 InlMItll 1.35 
7 
7o 3611 73 
251.^ 1", 

3'.i 3IH InUlckl.JDd 
1o 1715 
35 
31H 33'A— 3V, 

6 
43 
InlPapl.SOa 
13 92o 53!4 49!t 33'^+ 1H 

641. 41 InlPifiilt 
,9o 6414 6414 «j<4+ 2 /, 

3!, 
8V, InlRecl-l* 
7 62 4!, 
6", 
6'i- 
'1 

2911 
3111 InlT&T l.« 
52443 23'-i 31V, 
32V1+ i! 

15V1 78 
IntTTplEJ 
,1oo 78 
78 
78 - 
4V 

54 
46 
InITT pFH4 
26 
48 
4s 
47 4 
7 

58V, 
J3V4 ITIMIJSO 
7o 51V, 48H 51'/, 
7", 

3 
44V, lntTTpfJ4 
46 44V, 45"* 46V,+ 
H 

71* 441. InirTplKJ 
176 44V* 441. 46"!t 1"! 

S'i 
3BV-* ITTptril.JS 
511 3o11 !l>t 3o14+ It 
1". 541, InlTT PIOS 
IS 55 
5411 55 I vi 

7'/, 131. Inlrpce 1.1o 
6 
2o 1611 IS',4 15!i— 
V 
I'.i 521, Inlrpce pf 5 
1 57 
54 
57 + vl 

3 
o 
InlrpbGp .93 
4 
13 
12 
111. IIH— 
V, 

8V, 
5 
InlrH Brds 
35o 34 
7 
4V, 
7 
+ 
'', 

7V, ISli IntrsP.v 1.34 
9 
31 141,4 
1514 
15,4— i) 

1', 
V, Inlerst Sirs 
754 in 
IV, iv,— 
", 

SH 
314 InlersUn .24 
3 
41 
414 4", 
414+ ii 

74!. 
714 la Beel 7.o71 
3 
39 7o11 1714 2o + 
H 

4V. 
41| Iowa El 1.3o 
7 92 1511 
1414 1411- 
H 

7V. 
16V4 lowallG1.44 
3 
59 
1611 
6H 16H+ 
VI 

3 
2oH towaPU 1.74 
7 
29 21V, JOV, 2o!i— 
V, 

9 
17V* IwaPSv 1.4) 
13 
33 17!, 
17H 17H- II 

5 
3'i Ipco Hosp 
3 1o3 
4 
3'1 
3'-'.— VI 

9V, 1411 ITE lir.p.44 
7 64 ll'.l 1611 1611-114 
HI 13 ItekCorp 
11 193 
141-, u ^^ v{ 

IIH 
IS!. IU mil .7i 
7 111 
17!. 
18V, 16'*- 1 
51V* 
4IVI ItJ lr.1 A 
6 45 
43 js 
— i-, 

IJ'i 
26 
IU InlpFI.JS 
1 37 
77 
27 - ll! 

J-K-L 

«•> ," Scv 
F.& i x?s }\\i K: I,'-- * 

1o 
6V, Japan l.«e 
199 7!. 
7". l'-,V 
'/, 

»'-•, 761, JeflPMOl .S3 
17 I2J Jli' 
34V-; 271,+ vl 

IJ8 
99 JerCepl9.36 
«V4o »2V, n 
9 9 - 5 

9] 
69 
JerCeplB.17 
7.6o 9o 
B9'/, 691, 

I31/, B8V, JerCenpla iloo 9o 
9o 
9o — ' V, 

41 
45 
JcrCenpfj 
.. 
,7o 45 
45 
45 — n 

4311 3o'i Jewel C 1.66 1o 1oo Jl'i 
JIV, 411,— '! 

Wli 
1 
Jewelcor 
6 84 j'/j 
3 s-".+ v. 

14 
1314 JlmWall.HJ 
6 3 1 7 
31V. 
9!, 2o14— i! 
» 
19 
JlmWpll.M 
17 in, 76H WiT 

13H 11'^ Jlmwil pi i 
. rjio 
171. UV* I31.+ ii 

71'. 
18 
JHanS 1.67o 
,123 19l' lii, i;± !J 

34H 71V, JHanl l.87e 
.. 
113 
3JVI Jll', 33 + v, 

72'/, 
16H JhnMan 1.2o 6 712 7o1* 18'i "ill ' 

I1SV, 
3HJt»»|Jn.43 
42 65o IIIV, 151 
MOltt 
44 
IIH 
JH Johns Sv. 8o 
4 
77 UVt 
1314 
211- V* 

11V. ?9lt Jhn Svc PI 2 
. 
4 3oV* 79H J9',l_ Vi 

18H 
13V, JooLog.Si 
4 741 lit, 
J 
",-f.- ff, 

Jl '• !!, J«"L*' '•» 
4 3o 1911 14'/, 1911 1 V* 

58 
55", JonLa-JpIS 
..114o 56V, 54 
5 4 — 1 

15V, 
7o'i Jorgen I.JO 
4 
14 74VI 74V, 7411— 
VI 

IB!, 12'.', Josler.s .8o 
5 
3 ]]!, 
13 
1] — si 

53H 34H JoyMlg 1.1o 
15 59 
43 
33 
4111+4'! 

14!. Ill-, JusFMf2.8oe 5 1o 1711 14V* 16" i 1 
23H 
19 
KalsAlu.7S 
B 48 
73H JJH 
25V1+ 3 /, 

67 
58 
K«157pl4.75 
597 
59?! Svil 
/. 

«V, U 
KiJ59p(4.7i la 
6o 
M - 
V, 

4o 
55'/, K»l 66PI4.75 " 
59 
59 
59 

S3 
43i/« KatA pi 4.12 .. 
52H 51 
53'lV'il/. 

9'.i 
IV, KalsCem.SO 
6 x 4 
8 
7H 
7'i 

3o .1 IBV, KICmpt?.SO .. 
X4 JOV, JO". x>l'j"'i 

18 
14H KICmpll.37 .. xlj 
16 
151. IsiU- it 

8.;, ISV, Kaj-.ef.till .1o 
3 
84 111! IS'^ 
6 + V, 

21"* 
15 
KCtyPL2.JO 
8 14o 
36 
35 
3 3 — 1 

35 /j 51 
KCPLPI435 
. :» 5? 
5? 
52 

23 
IS'.i KC Souln Ir 
11 24 1611 II 
13 -' 'li 

 iB iiaS!-8 'tl ill i ils"? 

 ll^i Hs^Si 't i B ii il-'l's 
791i 
17V, Kee'bler .7o 
71 
91 79H J, 
»./,+ 
?/ 

41. 
3V. KeeneCp .1o 
5 
69 
3V, 
3V, "({„..„ 

9V* 
4 
Keller .45 
4 
71 
J!t 7l| jSZ^. U 

1"* 
ISV. Kellogg ,54 
19 311 17vl lit; 17 + vJ 

14!. ll'.l K ell wood .8o 5 
54 IJV, 1H-, IIV,— "* 

34V. 
79V, Kennml l.jo 
6 
5° 31V, J 1| 331^+ |i>! 

49'/, 37V, Kennecoll I 
1 t94 4oV, Jl!l iai/il 11 

2J!i JO'/* KyUHM.74 
7 91 2o14 »'/! »'i- 't 

93V, 
4111 Kerr MO .7o 26 511 7oV, 67H 64 - ji* 

M {KKfcttR.* J.SiSSSftH'St 
)l'/ Jlil Kld^iA'8' " 
* "''' 
~ '' 

34!'. llli K rtloCI 1.44 
9 164 JIV, JOV| 3| — i| 

J," 
H\'4 L^!r.*t'l^o ''* 
''lfc "• " ~ 
'ft 

3l' 3o * itril hi>l « i' 
* "l/4 
? ' lVft— V, 

 ii'? 'iSiKmTli?1 
"5 '11 %$ '!}' "'^ '• 
»!i I7'/. (.KO.i 1.56 
1 II II'/J ll'/J ||iJ~ " 

14V. IHt LamiSml i 
14 14i/i 
4Vi 
4vl 

4 
1o 
L<ntSry.;i 
S 161 W, t 
!o - 
Vi 

11 
I1/, Larwn ?.i « 
J 1J4 
91,1 ii/. ,., v 

1 
Sli L«1robS .131 
4 3 4 ill 
6 l'/!_ S iJifi^iM.MJijiU^Jfc^ 
8 s i! SI 
•! Pir. ^l.7! 

HI|M.« 
M |hd.') H. jh l.w Nil CF.J 

 it 
1 It Lehmnl.ljc .: ill ill. nil IJli- H 
1111 : 
LHU1KC/P 
4 il 
111 7li IMI- 
11 

11 1> I Leno> .O 
U 24. ilh, 2)li ))li- l: 
I'i 
V, LIvFd C«f 
.^ 61 111 
711 f»i- Vi 
I'.I lill HvFki .!5a .. 
13 1114 lill 1314- li ll lili L«vlSlrs.44 u K lili li'.i IS'.i- I. 
Srt 
JH Levin Furn 
{ 539 
4V* 4 
*<f,t it 

41, 
31( LFE Cp 
11 
35 
414 
111 411- 14 

 i5$ if toFTiS 
'3 jo) i{!-J j?" sftr-i. 

'!'! 1!, tPbnfiri'L' 
'7 ,4! 'Jit "si. 'ilt'fi'i 

IS1I IIVI LlbrtvCp.3o 
4 3o 14 lill 1* ..... 

1511 
71, LlbyLn "to 
.. 17] 1JV4 Ml. 11!|~ i, 

14 
IIH LlbyLplliJS .. 
13 141i liv. 141i+ 
11 

11 i 29 .', LlggMy 7 SO 
1 Wj 3«t 
3oi/« Jo1',- 11 

9911 
8.9 
LKHlvlpI 7 
..117o fOll 19 
19 —111 

7411 3911 Lir.ylir.94 
3J 44t 
74 
7oU I] + 1 

4311 Jill LtiXNat 1.14 t JH 3311 3314 JIM- V, 

1711 6411 LlrvcNI pi J 
.. 
19 68!i 68li Av,~ IH 

3 
Jl Lionel Corp 
6 Jll ill 
IV. ll', 
Ml', 
611 Llllon ,1J1 
8 516 
9V, l!i y — '.1 

IJH 
111 LlllOn plcpf .. 
14 Hi llli I1V4. ...... 
»li 1811 Ulllon o1o 1 .. 34 l!i llli IBH+ i 
5V> 
3,11 LockhdAlrc 
J 171 
4*1 
4V, Jli 

JJ-i 
17 
Lce«VS1.7o 
4 Jo3 2oH 
Yl'.i 
1914— It 

11!. 
IV, LomaFIn .34 7 81 1oV, 
91. 
(11- 11 

35 
26 LomMl.lle 
6 71o ll!i 761) 2111+ 1. llli 
911 London ,7oe 
J 54 9!> 
914 111- It 

71 
1814 LoneSllndl 
4 134 17l| IIV, II!|+ 14 

13 
7J1> LoneSDUSO .. j J3 ' jj 
JS ~l 

3111 14V1 LoneStTl.5o 
8 615 2i!i I4V4 1411-14 
IIV, 
15 
LnglsLI 1.46 
7 1o91 IS'.i 
16 
14'i- ll 

6311 S41iLICpfnS 
..149o 
51 
5411 5 1 + 1 

7]V. 67 
LILp(5.75 
.. 
9 4711 47 
4 7 - 1 

1o2 
95 ULpll.JO 
..rllO 91 
95 
95 - 
JV, 

7o 
SOU LcngDrg .36 3o M 
39V4 58V* 3!V>- l| 

J!t 
J 
LOfalCorp 
7 
18 III 
21', 
IV, 

S4!i 351, LaLand 1.o4 18 39o 3711 3411 3411- 
II 

341. 1711 LaPtCIF. IS 
91874 
J3 .', 
J3 
Jl'.H !i 

2S'.t 21!i LouisGS 1.84 
9 
99 2211 21!l 
33'.'.— ** 

11 in. Lowenstn 1 
4 
41 14'i 
14'.! I4H- 11 

2!i 
o 
LTV Corp 
} 423 1o1. IJ'.I 
1311- li 

1611 
13V, LTV Cp AA 
.. 
4 Ij'.i 14H U'i+ ", 

57 
39 
LTVCPPF5 
.. 
3 53V, 53 
5311— 11 

3911 14 H*rlrr4Ja 
19 292 34H 
35 
3511—111 

14 
111, LuckySlr.S4 12 293 ll!i 1211 I2H- V, 

1211 
8 H,dlo,v 1.o3 
8 
81 llv, 
1o!i llli . 

3911 1511 LUensSH 1 
W 18o 
27H 2511 J7'i+ 111 

3H 
5V. LVO Corp 
13 183 61. 5!. 
6 
.. 

8 
S LykesYnjsl 
4 12o 
6V, 411 4'1- li 

24'i 
1711 LykepFl.fSk .. 
97 21 
»'/, »H- V. 

81* 
614 LyncCSy .4o 
9 
84 
6'i 
611 
411 

M-N-O 

I2H 
911 MacATF ^6o 
2 
34 ll'.l 13V. sO'-i- 1. 

314 
2,iWacDonal 
4 
51 
3'i 
211 
211 
5!i 
J 
Macke.3o 
4 
16 
411 
41. 
414— 
Vi 

714 
S.", Macmlll .75 
4 166 
S'.i 
S1/, 5!. • 
1* 

161. 
14V1 Mcml pfl.2o .. 
2 IS'.i ISli 1514- V. 

19'.4 16 Tllacy f.lO 
5 578 1611 14 
1611- i| 

55 
52 
MacypF4.I5 .. ,2o 5 
32 
52 — 
!. 

11 
8!iM»dFd.9oe 
.. 
144 
!. 
9V, 91. 
7!i 
611 MadSqGar 
16 18 '. 6", 
6V,— ""i 

411 
JMtAsgglrCf.]} 
1 732 
'.1 S'i 5>i- V, 
9!i 
611 AVagnvox .6o 37 SSI 
611 6H- Vi 

2o 
1511 Maflory 1 
7 
65 1 !, 
171. I7!i. 

34V, 
JOli MalHyde.36 14 3o 2 
2JH 34 . " 

714 
SH Manhlnd .4o 2o 
8 
S!. 
S'i 
SH- ii 

1411 
17 
Manpwr .8o 
4 136 1 V, 12 
13V, — u. 

4o'.', 
34 
7Alrrlan 1.77 1o 363 
3 rt 341. 37 

JSV* 17117MPCo.34 
19 614 711 19!i 2o'i+' 1. 

13'i 
9HMaralhnMF .. 
79 17!, Ill* 
12«l * it 

54'i 331, TAeralO 1.6o 
9 61o 42 
4o 
411-,+ 1 

161. 191. TrVarcor .9o 
7 4o9 34'1 731. 
73'i - li 

53", 39"* Merer pi A? .. 
97 41',i 
J611 47".— V, 

24*1 IJH Mareml .43 
4 274 
14,, l]v, 14 I 'i 

25V, 
J31I AlarAAW 1.8o 
7 163 33H Jl 
3114+ 'i 

35 
J3!i Mirlont .78 7o 1o1 2S'.i 25!. 76 — ", 

49!i 4211 Marlen 1.3o 
16 
95 45'i 
44'i 4511- ", 
4I!1 Z91I Marley .1o 
16 
26 39V, 33'i jl'r- 
11 
IJli 
BV, /.larolle.We 
J 
34 Hit 1o'i 
IS'.I- 
'. 

7Hi 
IS 
Marrtot .521 
24 419 191. ISli IB',.- ", 

2o11 ISli MarsFd 1.24 
8 847 
19 
181, 131, 

1911 13!. MartMa 1.2o 4 311 1711 
17 
17!.— "l.i 

16'1 
B'.I MarlMAI .45 1o 199 14", 16 
16 - 
11 

19V, 
1311 MrldCup .54 
7 
46 
18V1 
1711 
13 
+ 1. 

44 
JSVi MascoCp .21 21 321 3914 37!i 39H+ I'.i 
«!i 7SV, MiSOnlle .5o 17 9o7 3311 3611 36!.- Hi 
21 
1511 MassvF .7oe 
5 7o4 18', 171, IB - 'i l«!i I31/, /.lasMI I.87B 
7 672 16"* 13", IJ'.I- 2V, 

1?li 
14V* MasCp 1.48e .- 
35 17'l 
16H U'.i— 
1. 

1414 
12 
Maslncl.o3 
.. 
173 
12H 17 
1? - 
V, 

17!. 
1411 MalsuE .31r 
4 131 14',. 141. 14!.+ H 

411 
21. Mallei Inc 
.. 417 31. 
2V. 2!i— 'i 

2311 19", MayOSI 1.6o 
7 742 
76 
24 
25 
+ 
11 

2311 llli MayerOi.6S 11 x36 21!. 2111 21!.+ 1. 

7 
S'.i MaySJW-5o 
5 
9 
61. 
6'i 
41.1- "! 

2J11 Jl'IMaylg 1.3oa 
12 213 27V, 241i 2711+ 1 

25 l9"*TvtCA.YC.eO 
7 
9J 23!, 21V. 2111+ '.i 
« ll'i McCOfd .91 
9 121. 12!', 12'.'*- V, 

16V, 17',. WtCror 1.7o 
31 
13.1 IS". I5'.,f v! 

W711 6914 McDer l.?o 
1 
191 
74V* 6911 75"*+ 4V, 

59!, 
47 
TvVcDonaldi 
3 114o 53 
SIV, SIV?— 1". 

X»i 14". McDOnD .4o 
364 I6/, 15'.. 
16 

73", 19'.» .McGEd 1.5o 
3o1 21", 
2o1. 2l". + "ii 

9 
6 
McGrwH .5o 
213 
811 
B'.i 
B1/,- >. 
IIH IJH Al CM pll. 7o .. 
S 17 
161. 17 + i. 

3 
2H McGrg Don 
7 
6 
3 
2!| 
3!. 

«H 5oV, Mtlnlyre 
81237o 52V, 5o1, 51 - 
1 ' 

JSV, 
IHlMcKM.tt 
M 
12 
2211 221. JJVi.. 
4.' i 37 lA:Lean.77 
23 
44V, 4]v, *3'/,— n 

23IS 
1114 McLoul 1.6o 
115 JJH 72'i 
22'1+ It 

 ll'i 
91. 7>vcNeil .75 
21 111! 
1311 1o!.- 
14 

19H 
16H McadCd .8o 
233 IB 
171. 1111+ ". 

41 
13i.iMeaplA2.IO . 
1 38H 3SH 3IH- V, 

41 
171-, A'.ea PIB2.BO . 
39 3B11 3'V, 3H1— I'i 

2>", J4'.i. Medusa 1.4] 
194 26H 
75 
26H- V. 

3!. 
3 
ME! Cp 
23 
2'i 
2V, 
311 ll!l 
9 
McHvSS.44 
324 9'i 
9 
9'..— "vi 

S!i 
414 Menasc 321 
23 51. 4!. 
4!i— l. 

4]1, )5 
7,tercSlr.tO 
1 
13 33'i 38 
33'" I- i| 

U 
7H. Merck 1.4o 
] 
172 8oH 7911 7911- IV, 
IHi Ili Meredith .7o 
2o 1o 
911 9>i+ li 

IS!, 
1o 
AlerrLvn .56 
8*5 lOVi 
W lO'.i— 
V, 

43!i 2o!i TVlcsaPel -OS 
1 
619 721, 2o', 2114+ 1, 

1o!. 
8V, MesabT .96o 
34o »'.'! i'i 
9"i4 ' ' 

7S1/, llli McilaM 1.2o 1 
IS 71'i 
3i 
23V1 

1511 
9V*MGMI.75e 
78 lili 12!. irt""* 

Ml. 
Hi Melrom .5o 
154 )•„ 
711 
V.C.... 

98 
9o 
7.l2lEpf8.32 r74o 5o 
9o 
9o — I'l 

4711 47 
Me-IEpi3.9o 
Z1SO 
43 
42 
47",-- 'i 

Wli 8311 M<MEp(7.M 
IllO 6]", 8JV, B3'i— ", 

96 
89 
MelEpf8.17 
..174o 91 
89 
69 
- 2 

44V, 
79V, MGIC In .1o 17 9oo 
351, 321. 341.+ s. 

161, 
I3'i MichGs 1.41 
9 
19 13V, 13'-' 
13'/, t- '. 

IS 
1311 MkhTu&e 
5 
11 I3!i 13'/i 
13'/i— 
'-1 
!. 
6!* MlcrcJot .5o 
4 1o3 H'.l 
91, 1SV.+ 1| 

2^ 
ISV. Mlcrew .791 
9 
9 171.K li'i'.i 
17 — 

711 14", MidConTcl 1 9 44 I5'i I4H 14!^- 
,, 

IB 
1411 WdSUI 1.2o 
6 11,8 151. 
141, 14V,- i. 
3!, 1oV, MldlM 1.74e 
5 147 1o!, 1o11 1o'.!- 
V-i 

171, 
91, M.dl Ros .8o 3 464 17'. lo',, 
121. f l'. 

1411 
25 
MilriLb 1.28 
B 151 77!. 34 
36"!- 
H 

13H 
B'i MillBrd.36a 
1o 
73 IIH 1oV, I1H+ v! 

J'-i 
6811 MIrvMM 1.73 2« 6oo 75 
73V, 74','- Vi 
9!i 17 MlniPL 1.44 « la 171. 17 III!- ". 
4 
11 
(YllrroAl .96 
6 
75 11!. 111. 111.— 
./, 

:l llli MissnEq .28 
7 1o4 
1311 
114. IIH— n. 

4H tail MlssPJver 1 W ISO 
1914 IJI. 
18'-.- .'/! 

|7 
79 
7/OPacpf5 
. 
2 8o"* 79H 8o'-* * 
'-, 

IV, 23 
MoPICcl.6o 
7 
6 Tli. 27"! 
32'/!+ 
!', 

.311 .11'-* woPSv .14o 
9 
5o 
1211 12"* 12",- 
' ? 

S6V, 4311 MoWIOII l! 
S 1135 
45'/) 4JH 44 _ 
,-, 

8V, 
4'.i f/ob.Hom.2o 
IB 223 
7 
5!i 
6 
.. 
!!,- 'Jl. Mohas 1.7o 
7 67 19V, 18V, 191,+ ,-, 

4',, 
3V* WC41X Dala 
. 1o1 3'/, 
3"* 
3H— ", 

4V. 
1o11 MotikP-uo 1 
4 
11 13?i 
IJH !7i._ ii 

!i 
1911 Molyb. o5o 
9 799 75 
J3H 74V,+ 1. 

711 3oV, Mclyopl2.5o 
. 
5 36V, Jsvi 34'/, 
Sli 
12',. Monarch .4o 7 
7 14 
I3'i 11H+ i. 

6V, 
4 
Mongrmlnd 
4 
35 
5V, 
51. 
31. 

S'.i 
1o1. Mom Ea. 44 
7 378 141. 12!i I2!i-'ri 

J'/> «!. Monsantol 
81925 6o11 56V. 6oV.+ 1"! 
o 1 
SB 
MonsnF2.JS 
. 
24 Hit 44' 
JVV.J ij 

36!. 3oV, MonDU 2.o8 
9 34 31 
3o1. 3o'.- 
'! 
3411 lali MonPw 1 8o 1o 149 79H Il'i 7a'-i 
F 

3311 
2o11 MonlSI 1.8]e 
11 JIVI TOlJ It - 
A 

8!i 
6 
TAXiy .88e 
7 U9S 
71. 
6 
Iv,— 'i 
1 
121. MooreMcC 
4 213 
17'i 17 ll'i^ i,, 
»., 57V, Morow 1.6o 15 7JJ 6]'.l 4? 
41 . 
' 

79V, 
72 
McrrsKn.84 
8 131 14 
2411 73 — "H 
8!i 
5 
Morse El Pd 
2 184 
5V, 
5 s _ 
:,' 

4!l 
3V, MoncS .6le 
9 47 J!, 
31-, 
3H- it 

|1V. 
(IJ4 MtgTr I.JOe 
5 119 9 
8"! Ill- H 

27V, 
19 MSL l'.2oe 
J J| 26'1 25". 76V.T ll 

BV, 
.1 Munford.32 
S 
11 
71, 
7 
71,+ 
>. 

6V, 
5 
Muofd pt.4o 
11 
511 
5i/, 
5ii— i/ 

14V, U'/.MuoirxjVS 
4 
3 16 
15' 
15!^ . 
H 14V. Murpht I.JO 
7 
31 1411 15>. 
411*. .'' 

»' 
Ml'. Murp o1 1.96 
C 172 711. 68V, 6a'/"— Jl", 

'6 
22V1 MurrOh .8o 
6 
3o 
14 
23 
23'i— 
V 

17 
IS 
MjllOm 1 .32 .. 
74 151, 
IS'.I Is!.- li 

31| 
7V, MyersL .4o 
'^) 
66 
8"* 
7H 
B 

41 
311-, N.Slsco 2.3o 13 323 jl'i 33!. 35!.-' i'i 
IIH 25 
NalcoCh .53 2o 1o5 34V, 35V1 25H- i. 

I3'i 
711 NarcoScI .6o 7x1*3 
7!. 
1"! 
IV,- !* 

44 i ]Jl, FlashuaC .51 4 6o 3611 341. 36V.+ 1 
?,!" .'"» N'n*1" •« 
B 412 7oH 1H1 I9H+ V, 
1411 1o11 N Avla -64C 
.. 
74 13". I7H 
|7V,— i! 

9", 
711 Nal Can .45 
J Ua eli 
Ili 
4V + i'i 

211* 
IB 
N Can pll. 5o .. 
4 7o 
19V, 19H- "! 

4oV, 
381. N CashB .72 12 1513 
3711 35!. 34 - 2'i 

47V, 
34HNCF-em.24 
38 364 
42 
Jill 411|- ii 
II 
911 NalCMvL .9o 5 15 IIV, 1 
1 
- ''I 
IH 381/, NalDef 2.44 
S 
33 411', 4oH 4J'i— v. 

SV, 13', Na1o:slll.9o 
8 536 
IS 
1411 14',.+ •'. 

7 
74!. NDllpfJ.a .. 
,5o 7811 761| 74H 

73!. 21V. HalFuel 1.9o 
6 
39 2l!i 211. 2l'i 

411 II". 
NalGyp 1.o5 
6 79 1311 111' 111!- "i/, 

4V, 
111 Nat Homes 
.. 
44 
4 
311 
3".— v, 

311 lit Naltnd .15 
6 94 4'i 
4H 
411 

S'/l 
7!t Hatlndpl.fB .. 
4 l.i 
7!i 
811+" 'i/i 

J ion Ntindpti.js .. ii in. in. in,l ...; 

IH 9 NMIgl.Si- 
6 51 1C i 
9'/. 
9'/,— H 

1/J 16VI N PreSl.lOa 
5 
31 31V, 3111 3I'A- 
1. 

3V. 
16V, FJat Semlcn 
7 164o 
19.1 1611 IB11+ 1 

111 9li M Svclod .72 
6 72 o ' 1o 
1o - ", 

Mli 
15 
N Slana .8o 
1o 
35 llli IIH 
IBV* 1 v4 

6V1 4111 N Sljwch .74 2o 
13 51V, S3H 53'i— 1". 

341t 
3oV, IJI Sleel 3.5o 
6 173 33H ll'/! 33''! t ii 

51, 
3 
Nat Tea 
.. 
55 
41| 
4V, 41|i ", 

2911 I3M NalUnEI .9o 
4172o 71H 77V, 7711+ It 

3'1 43V, (latomas.JS 
13 I43B 5o!. 4414 49H+ 4H il'/* 
B'.i Neptune. 4o » 
7o 
1o14 W 
1o - " 

4 
9 
NevPwl.Jg 
5 
39 7o!i 7o11 TO'.i- 
V, 

19V, 
IB1/, HcvPpl37o 
..119o 
1811 IB1/, \t'/r- v! 

T.'' 1! 
NEnotlVJI 
1 177 
7o 
1914 19!. f 
V. 

 i5>4 
13 
NEnGE 1.74 
7 
64 13'i 13", 13",— li 

»'» »'tK EngTJ.M 
o 52 J914 2l!i 7911- l". 

 ll'i l!l 
FJewtiall .33 
26 11-O1 
I8H 11 — v! 

ISli JB',1 Hewmt 1.4o 
7 391 29H 
2811 2914- v! 

II 
9o 
NwmlpMSO .. 
13 IJ', 9o 
91",— 1 
«f; •UV, NYSE6 1.2o 
8 X4o4 Kil UV, 2 il- 
VI 

W.i 1oo NYSEpfl.6o .. Z4IO lOO'l 1oo 1oo", 
14 llli NVSEplJ.1! I. 
4 24 
J3V1 
24 

14H 
131. NlaMP l.ll 
9 534 13'i 
1314 llllU "ii 

65 
61 
NlaMplSU .. 
IlO 
41 
61 
63 

49 
44 
NlaMpl3.9o ..rllO JS'/, « iSllVivi 

 ii''i ir" H'M "* 3lW " 1ZS° "'" "• a ' 

IJVi liv. NL Ind'l 
'i IS) Ijvi lill i*!i+ u 

MV* 
16 
NUT Cp .JO 
1 115 
1711 
17 
I11.+ 
1*. 

»V. 6311 NorflkWn S 
7 175 44v! 41V4 ii'l- 7 

IIV, 
14V, NorllnCp I 
3 o9 14 vt li'^ "H_ 'v. ll!l 1714 KCrrls 1.11 
J 17 jjli |9i/ ||i/,_ ,, 

41 
J914 HoACoil .4o 
J <" J144 jjij M,J_ 5! 

2411 14!. F«AMI J.3]e 
7 133 II 
16!i l}li_ ,,i 

» 
IIH FrtAPhl 1.7o 
5 63 
914 ail 
911+ i'! 

4 
311 HoCAIr .1oe 
4 ISI 
111 
J'/J 
311 l!t 
1 
HOOAIrwl 
.. 
41 V/i 
HA tl*— "ii 
»'/, 11 lloellUM.OJ 7 441 llli 11 
I _ ij lit 
1o11 FloCenGt.6o 
9 
5 nv* 
11V, 11V,- 1. 

 iOV* 
7 vlHoCen Ry 
.. 
13o 
7 
7 
J 

'4!i 31 f/ollOul.rJ 
1 
71 Mil JIH IJi/,+ i/, 

15 
11 
NJIOtpll.9o .. 
34 14i/, J]i/l JIH— 1 

-9i,i Il'/, MlndPS 1.34 
7 IM 1I<1 W, IIH- v 

54'/. 43", M FJOe-s 7.7o 
» 19? 
49 
41 
4B11- " 

12 
9711 MONO pfl.411 ,.115o 91 
971t »7rt- lit 

»'/> I)V, HoNO pIS.S .. in 1414 141. 1614-11 
14 
81 
NotlOptS.W .11ooo 86 
14 
14 

9o 
8514 HONG p!5.« .. 
17o IIV, IJV, 
IIV, 

«V| Jl'/, Ho51Pwl.fi 1 147 J31| JJi/, 311/1- it 

 r) 
1o1V, [ISP.vpH.IO ,. i» 1o4 
1o4 
1o4 
1 1 

41 
44V, rlSCiVpO.tO .. tllO 4('/i 44V, 44V, 
I'i 
4Vi Norlnot .*> 
4 239 »',i 
7'i I'.i- ii 

14 
IS'/, NorlhrplTfi r Ml Jill JIH 12'/.+ 14 

J4V4 II 
Flrlhpnll.4! .. 
-J J) 
})v, J) 

IS'/t 
1614 MvrtiAlrl .43 9 SOJ IJV, JJli Jili-l It 

63H 57 
NwlDnCl.U 
14 
115 51 
37 
37 — } 

'1(i 
1714 »wll lod .M 
J Io» 1iV, JOH ?('/.- IV, 
IIH i>4 ((AlllrKjwl 
.. 
]| Ul| 
SH 1o l- 
H 
;/;/, 6J'/, li^indptAi .. 
5 7ivi nv, tM~\v\ 
41'/| 41!, Flwlln pfJ.JO .. 
7o 59 
57 
57 —IV, 
•('/l IIVI 1 AlMoLI I« t 217 M'A II 
111/,— n/f 

11 
HV, KwtSIW 1.o4 7 11 ij/; j5lt ii!,- (I t'f, 14 NOflOn 1.5o 
6 Jl j'v, 771* 37' '_ S 
II 
11 llorSIm .3o 
S 9 
Sit 
4 1 W,~. li? 

IIV, 
79V. HrlSptl.6o .. 54 J) 
3]l. lilt- lit 
IIH ll'/i NucorCp .74 4 111 till li1,' ll'i I I, 
>H li'/, HVF 3. IJI 
1 Si Jl ji Illll ll ijii 9'-1o4klM.)J 
J J4 IPl I'.l )l|I (4 
IH IHn«klUP.»4 
? 
6 Illk IIH liltT 
Vt 

Slock Symbols 

: UnlellWotnefWlie noted, raiel o1 dividends tn Ihe 
(Sfeoolng Kfclt are annual dlsHi'Tiemenls tns«l on 
Ihe l«sl quirlerly or leml annual declari.lon. SpfCIH or exlra fllvlcfeXJi or piyrncnFs nol (Mllpnafea as retjular are idenlllled Irl Ihe follov,ln(l loojnolli. 

 illv dend. c— LFqufdillng dividend, a— Declared or paid 
'.n preceding 
1] monlhi. h— Declared 

 g paid oFler slock 

 dividend nr spin up. k— Dec ared or paid 1Ws year, accumulative Tsiue with dividends in arrears. n-New fssue. p— Paid ihls year, cNvdend omllred. dererred v no aciion taken al last dividend mailing, r— Declared or paid In preceding 1] monlhs plus slock dividend. l-Hald In nock In precedlno if monltu, esltmaled cash valuo on ox dividend or exrtlslribulion dale. 

 eld-Called. x-Ex dividend. y-Ex dlvldenil and 

 sales In full, xdll— Ex dlslrlbullon. xr— Ex rights. xw-W.lhoul warrants. nw-vYlHi warr»nls. wd-When d-'irrltxiled. wl— When Issued. nd-rJexl day delivery. 

 vl— In bankruptcy or receivership of tollna reor- 

 ganised under 
I7i« 
Dankruplcy 
Act, or securities 

 assumed by sucn companies In— Fcrelan Issue sucEecl lo Inl'eresl rquallullon t». 

Wliere A split or slock dividend Brr-ounllno. lo 15 

 per cent or mere has been paid Ihe year's liloh low range aid d.v/denct are shewn for we neiv itcvk 

Veorly 
Solei 
"^Nel 

H j K l o w 
• p.E (lidl.) Higli low loll Chg. 

13 
IV* Occid Pel 
V 1145 
1oV, 
9 
1o t 
!i 

5o 
4I1| OccidPlr.14 
.. 
28 4SH 41V, 4411+ H 

43V. 19 
OcciPpliW ,. 
46 411, 391. 4111+ Hi 

J711 3311 OCCIPPI3.14 
.. 
1] 
2411 J3H »1|— '1 

]71i 
13 
OgdfnCp.BO 
4 213 
17 
16',7 14H f 
Vi 

31 
331. Ogtfnpll.17 
.. 
6 JO 
29V. 79'i- 
"* 

54'i 
51 f3tiEdpF444 
.. 
7.1o 54". 
5411 54"*— I'i 

SB 
54 
Oh Ed pf 4 4o 
..1343 
S6V, 55 
5511+ 
V, 

SOU 4511 OhEd PF3.9o 
..17oo 46 
44 
44 — '', 

1ooV, 
94 
OhP.vpll 48 ..IHO 94 
94 
94 — 1 

91 
9JV, OhPw pll o4 .. 
13o 94', 
9411 94H+ ". 

J4V 
IB!. OklaGE 1.34 
9 417 19V* 131. 18!.- 
1 

111 
1oV, OklGE nF.8o . 1128o 1o'i 
IO'/, M1'!- H 

311 
7o 
OklaNG 1.4o 
B 1o1 JOH 
7o 
2 o — 1 

IS! 
1711 OllnCorp .S) 
1 153 IS',. 
1511 IS'i* 
"" 

1oT 
711 Omark .34 
4 » 
9'--. an 
*H— !> 

1] 
1o Oneida.74 
5 
9 ll'-i 11!, 11!.— !. 

4>i ll'i Opelika 
3 13 14). 14!i 14", 

151. 111. OrangR 1.7o 
9 2o7 14V, 13V, llli— 1.' 

42 
3311 OIISEIV 7.7o 
7 
143 
3B 
36V, 1711—1 

74V, 
161. OulMar I.JO 
4 111 19!, 19V. 1911— 
'. 

Hi 
8 
Ou|]elCo.7j 
J 
15 1o14 
9'i 
91i- 
'* 

ISV, 141. OvcrnllT .12 
6 
18 16V, 16 
16 — 'i 
Mli 17'i OverSr.ip.M 
8 
ISO 
19V* 
17H 
17H— 1"* 

51', 37'. OwenCn.B4 
15 175 46'i 
4511 4411 1 14 

3B". 3o'i Cnvenlll 1.43 
6 471 36"* 35H 
13 
+ Hi 

75 
64 
Ojvnllpl4.75 .. 
6 111, 71 
7711+ 3 / 

17V, 
17'4 Oxfrlid .c!otj 
4 
13 
IS'-i 
14 
15 
-f **i 

I'-Q-K 

IS1-'. 
13 
PcASli 1.o7C 
.. 
169 
141i 
13V. 1]!.+ 1. 

24!. 3711 PacGas 1-S8 
7 719 23I-, 711. 33!. 

2 H 
1S!» PacLtol.63 
B 1o1 JO'l 
1911 3oH+ 
H 

3SV, 381. PacPelrl .6o 17 311 .291. 
38V. 38'i— I'l 

35V, 
I3'-i PacPw I.M 
9 471 11'.. 3o1, 7o!.— '. 

17". 
1511 Pad T 1.7o 
1o 78 15'. 
15V, 15!,+ 
1. 

8!',, 731, P a c T T p i a 
.. 
71o BIV, 81". 81V. t H 

13 
6 
PacTin.4oa 
4 
33 11V. NV, 11",+ -", 

5', I'.'. PalreWb .3o . 
63 I'i 
3"* 
3H+ li 

13'i 
1o'i PaiWpfl.3o 
.. 
16 ll'i M'i 
1111+ 
11 

5 
31. PalmOc .15 
3 
93 
4V, 
41| 
41|— 
'.. 

6V, 
4V, Pamioa Inc 
7 132 51. 
51. 
5V,— 
Vi 

SI", 
4'.PanAmA'r 
..1o51 
4V, 
4"* 
411 

33V, 
31!. PwvnEP 7 
7 1o7 3]1| 31!i 321,— '/, ll'i 
B'i PaprcFI ,6C<> 
5 154 1oV1 
911 lO'.i— ", 

13'1 II", 
PArnas .94 
1 
44 1211 13 
12'.'*+ 
Vl 

27'h 21', Parflai 1.o3 
8 
1 
231. 231* 2311- 
V s 

2o". 
18 PsrPen .5oo 
7 
1 
ISli IB1', IBli- 'i 

21'1 1611 Pasco IHL 
11 1o IB", le'-i 1614- I!, 

121. 
1o'i Payl nv; .77 
7 3o 111, 
1DH 1o'i— li 

32 
13'1 PcabGa -o8c 
11 
6 
74V, 
21V, 23'i f 3 

41. 
2V, Penn Cenl 
. 47 
2H 
2V, 
J'/,— VI 

7", 
S'i PennDx .?ob 
6 
7 
6V. 
51, 
6 
4'i 
3 
PennFruil 
.. 15 51. j!i 4'.- li 

IS!. 65V, Perneyl.15 
21 73o 69>.| 
64)'.. 43!.— ".. 

61 
-19 
PaCopfJ62 
.. 
3 5o 
49 
5 o — 2 

33 
19'i PBP.VLI 1.63 
S 195 21", JOH 7o'i— 1. 

C6 
99 
PaPI. pl8.7o 
. 742o lOOli 99 
1oo",+ ", 

o4'i HI 
PaPLpl8.6o 
IllO 1o1V, 1o2V1 132V,+ V, 

32'i 94 
PdPL ptB.4o 
5742o 98 
94 
9 4 — 4 

oo", 
94 
PaPL pIB.Cffl 
. ia 95 
94 
9 4 — 3 

571, 
52 
PaPUpfJJO 
..7.3oo 53V, 52 
53V,— 
'.; 

54'i 
5o 
PaPLpl44o ..,79o 51 
5o 
SOVi— 
'.. 

2J'i JOH Pci-.nwlt 1.7o 13 1o6 
22H J21i Jill— V* 

4o 
34 
Pm»,l pFl 5o .. 
11 371, 34 
3 4 — 1 ' . . 

J2'i 2o 
Pcn>vlpM.4g .. 
5 JOV, JO'-i 7o'/'+ >t 

3o , 73'i Ponnroll Ib 
1o IB57 261. 15", 
1411— ", 

291. 27V. Pennioll wd 
.. 
512 3B", 17'.i IB 

97 
84'* Pernr pro 6 ., x52 87'i 86H 86'1+ ", 

41V, 
33 
Pennipll.33 
. 
15 
14 
33 
33",— )1 
8!. 
S'i Peopcrg .2o 
7 
26 
7 
7 
7 — ", 

3o?i 26V, PcopGs2.36 
7 256 781. 
27 /, 17',— 1". 

71'i 561. PCTSiCo 1.7o 17 339 S3", 54'i 
511.— ". 

4o 
77-1 Pc/JfElm .73 35 32 
35', 35H 35'.i— 
',. 

25", 
13'1 Pol Inc 1.35 
6 
3 
13'.. 22li 12lt~ ii 

 i5'i 12!iPetlncpll 
. 
5 14!. 
14'.-, 
14V,— I. 

14', 
11 
PellncpF.eo .. 
4 IJV. 
13". 
1311— 
1. 

1411 11". Percrpr>.» 
19 
64 ISV, 15 
15V1+ 
V, 

47V, 
33", Pctrlc-S.JCu 
13 5o7 34 
33V, 33!.— ', 

15 li'.i Pdrolan .38 7 38o 
1311 llli IJltl 1| 

3311 231, Petrel pll 37 .. 
2 J4 
J3", J] .,*_ jv, 

2111 7o1, Polrlm 7.4ic .. 
59 J2V* 
21V. Jll.— !. 

45 
36V, PFl,cr.«a 
21 643 371i 
3«i/, 3611- 
"i 

49!. 331, PhelpDJ.JO 
7 356 42". 
4oV. 42 t 
IH 

1911 171. PnllaEI 1.61 
8 191 IB 
1714 1714— ', 

37 
99 PrillE pfS.75 
.,17o 99 vt 
97 — I'i 

5V, 
37 
PnilEpll.BS 
. IB3o 89 
87 
88'-.+ 
»i 

SV, 87'i Pr.IIEpll.75 
.1113 811, 87V, 8711-111 

5o", Pr.ilEpl4.JO 
,!I6o 52V, 5o.1 5oV,— 2H 

V, 4S PhllEpf4.» 
. !3t3 441. 46 
46-1- 3!i 

4 ", 43 
PHIIEpl3.IO 
. illO 4] 
43 
43 

!. 
17 
PrillSuS 1.3o 
7 73 16!. 
1814 
1314— li 

V. 95VI PhllV.or l.« 17 675 (81. 95'J 531.— 31! 
Vi 
3Vi Philip in .2o 
5 1o2 
5V. 
4V, 
3V*+ li 

11. 
9'i PHI Ind nil .. 
18 W'i lov. 
13',+ 
"i 

7 H 
45". Pr-.IIIPel'l.JO 
169o3 51V, 49'i 5o11-1", 

V. 
IV, PliiUVH.JOa 
5 3 3 1 
B'-i 
B 
8 - 
>' 

1 1| IJ'i 
Pick/ffc l.2?f 
6 
29 17 
16". lall— 1. 

16!. 14"* PiedNG 1.38 6 
71 14", 
41. 
41. 

6H 
4 
Plwl imprl 
6 
34 
5 
4!i 
4!. 

5o'* 3IH Plllsbryl.64 
3 
34 43 
42V, 42H— "ii 

25 
19V, PiOnNGs .9o 12 238 JIH 
21 
31V,- H 

1 !. 
71. P.FneyD.1oo 
9 354 VO'-i 
9V, 1o + 
'. 

6'i 
13'i PillF/g .m, 12 34 16V. 16 
6 - 'i 

351. 71"* PillMon.Wo 
241823 3511 31'i 3511+11. 
21'. 15'iPirraHut 
13 311 23 H 18'A 2 o + 1 

3'. 
IVi Piar. Resrch 
. 214 2't 
11. 
211 
. 

611 
5 
Playboy .13 
5 
96 31| 
5 
51. + ", 

 ll'i 
IS 
PlejIyl.TSe 
5 134 
16H 151, 181.1 H 

2o 
111! PHBM 3.ICM 
6 193 l]'i 
13 /, |2'i- v, 

81V, SB'i Polaroid .32 M 112] 42V, 6o io',i+ l! 
IH 16".- Poncerosa S 14 453 )1V, 29 
Sl'.l-llJ 

5 1 1 
6", PopoTj .6o, 
3 154 18", ll'i HI'- l" 
' • '3H Porlec o» 
7 
31 16!i 14H I4H— V, 

76". 
JJH Poilr plS.5o 
.. 
72o 
7414 741. 
141.— 1. 

9!, IIH PorlGE 1.52 
8 96 IB'* I!'.' la''_ 
'•, 

33!. 76". Polllch 1.7o 
6 231 ]]!. ]| 
33"*+ 2', 

411 
1714 PolmEl l.ll 7 273 111* 13H 131. 

54., 
5o 
PolElpi4SO 
.131o SI 
5o 
SO - i ' 

S!i 3? 
PolElp<3.44 .. 
1 351', 34V, is'/,*- 1", 

11". 
731, PPGI.il 1.1o 5 171 J4'i MvJ 76H . 'i 

9 
4'i Premier. 31 
4 99 
71. 
6H 
7 - sj 

3'-, 11"* PremrpF.9o 
.. 
14 lln 12 
1 3 — 1 

SH 87U Procl G 1.8o 14 53S 85", 
86 
8 7 — 3 

Bli 
31, ProdRh.lJc- 
5 
14 
6>. 
61| 
6'i 

o 
6H PSA Inc 
4] 
13 
B'-| 
7'' 
7H-' i-, 
I'i l«l PSvCol 1.2o 
7 59B 
IS i \a, 14',i- i, 

1 
1814 PSvEG 1.72 
8 756 191. 191, 1914- '4 

4V, 1o3 
PSEGpF9.62 ..;i»IIO 
IM 
IM — 1 

S 
85 
PSEGPI7.8o 
.. 
2 85 
65 
8 5 — 3 

2 
75 
PSEGPF66o ..17M 78 
75V, 7 7 + 2 

4 
56 
PSEGptSOS ...13o 
57 
56 
57 + 
V, 

JVi 
48 
PSCGPF4.M ..,1,3 49 
It 
,! . . . . ' . 

1"* 
43 
PSEGpf4.13 
.. 
ISO 
48 
43 
4 3 — 1 
1!. 16V, P5EGOFI.43 .. 
11 14!. 
16V, 14H 

81. 3111 PSvlnd?.42 
8 147 32!, 31V, 121.- ii 

47 
43V, PSIi-d PFl.5o .. 
,4o 4V.1 J3V, 43V,_ Iv" 

41. 
3 
PSIndpllCe 
-.16oo 
13V, 
13 
131',+ 
1, 

4 ll!i P5lrdpFI.o4 . iloO 11!, 12!, 13',,- i-J 

9!. 17'.-, PSVNHI.M 
8 
84 
18V, 
18 
IB - 
1. 

91, 
141. PSvNM 1.2o 
4 
38 
17". U'i 17 + ll 

4V, 
3V. Puulckr .241 
9 
33 3!i 
314 IH- 1. 

7", 
5 
Pucblol.JOa 
6 
36 
614 S!, 
6 + 1 4 
4'i 
5 
PRCcmt.4o 
7 
37 
SV, 
5 
?'/,_ ". 

281. 241, PuoSPLjl.98 
1 «39 35V, 741. 241. 

)'/, 56V. Pufinn .3o II 
181 
S9V, 56'-" 39"!'t"vi 

3 
1o . PurexCp .83 7 14o 11V, 
11 l|iil fft 

6 
3!l PurltFlll .73 
6 131 
411 
3', 
4 — ii 

33',, 25 
Purcxalr.92 
9 
45 3|v, J| 
271^-1 

IV. 24 
QuakOat.74 
14 7o5 JSV, 34V, J4H- 
1| 

76 
43 
OjVOalnl3 
.. 
3 44V, 44'i 
6411—1", 

3o 
JOH OuakSld 53 
IS 111 71'i 7oV, 71 — 'i 

7'1 
7 
Oucs'or .5o 
13 (9 
9". 
8". 
Ill— H 

33.1 31 
OueslrotA3 .. 
3 33'^ 7°il 33 - n 

451. 
39V, P.6!slonP .8o 17 455 1)1. 
*OH 4oH— H 

 an 
4ti Ramad .lib 
11 74] 
71' 
4!" 
7 

5 
11!. Raico In. 92 
4 
63 I7'i 12 
17'.— 'i" 

7 
1)1. HaptdAm 1 
3 128 
14 
13"i U'/,— |t 

5o 
4o1/, Rap|rpl3.1S .. 
3 4 ] 
«v, Ifli", 
,?,' 

7V, lailBaybeSI 1.5o 
4 18 7oV, 7o 
7o - 
"! 

4 
1o 
Raymlnl.74 
1o 41 
11 
1o /, io',1- ii 

'!'-! 
17' , RCA'T1 ''" " '* ""' 
34'-i+ I'i 

.IV, 
54 
R C A C V P I 4 
.. 
55 5S1. 3 4 * sji'.Z ,' 

5o, 
JJll RCA pi J.5o .. 
13o 
46 
JS « _ 3. 

3V, 
1!. v Heads Co 
.. 
41 
Jv, 
|>, 
1,4-4. 

 y> jJivReaOalpI 
.. s 
J", i.-J j" _ 
?> 

311 1!. viRcada Tpl 
. 
4 
J..-, 
3 j ._ ,,' 

44'i 
JJV, RdaBato .» 
16 344 IS'/, IJH ii 4. ,'. 

3 . 
3'/i Redman .13 ..I5JI 
Jv, 
41.', ".,,+ ii 

 w'.'. 
16'-. Reece.74a 
7 18 lh/, liv, I7'/, i" 

 j'-'' .ft'.'"'^^ Tool 
11 HI I4'i 
1511 15V, — 11. 

'iv, 5" RcSsf'io 1 
3!3 '),[ "Ij "}'+ ii| 

I3!i 19'i Relln-lEI .8o 11x135 
32 
211. 21H+ :'. 

4%i 11 RepMlg 1.8o 
6 
84 11 ' ll'1 iii"~ .* 

&, T iliai^r? .i !is isJ> '£ 
!!?- -i 

?i* !?. 5«nrdl.'OB 
7 45 It '/I Ililj \S" f ''* 

 ils I.R^'fil '* 'j! ^ jjj> «>''•"!: 

Io' 
'a 
RevWP'l-3' 
• • 
1 3H1 1 '/' av,— "I 

1314 
8H Rlchrdin .1o 
S 14 13'i .iVi Ij'*— Vj 

14"* 13"' R)C^e'T ''1o 
J *° ^'^ '^ ' 
1^1''— '/I 

21^ 
14V, RochTel'.74 
8 291 UvJ IJI/, 
14^— ' >-' 

54H 4oV, Ronrlo'.4CO II 514 j|ij 4 
Jj Z *!' 

W * lilt RoylD J.44e 
4 141 J)!i j,., jj,.(~ ;i 

1 V- lit FlScktrnc'o' 
?4 m tvj ': '' *{['* J IJ'i 

S-T-U 
" "" " 

JV, Jll i«l«rj Ind 
S It 
.1.1 
)vi 
'«. 
I'.i 3lv. Saiewy l.(4 It 31) jt'J jilt ll' i ' 

44 
35<i SIJOlA 1.4o 
1 117 
14 
JJy[ jji1^ | 

(:dnllnuril on pnijr $(• 

1 

 i Yfoilr 
Hlgli l.w 

Conllaufd Vnm I' 

S-T.U 

Salt! 

P-I IKJi) High low tan i 

— ..1.1413 
SanDGil.Zl 
. Sindrs M» 

, 
. .1 Sangtmo.AO lilt II 
SJuin 1,3o1 

36 
19'.fj SFcInd I 9o 

•oV. iSysfn'F n 

 roW«l .33 rgW luIRI 

 l«, SavnEA.3!t .. 
IS S«vA Sip .24 33 m SavODr .12e t 

3'/7 SlvlnBMcti II 
31/4 Ssxon Ind 
4 

13 
6W i'.t 
61.5- vi 

11 IK «» ,$•.,-.£ j 
14!4 
14V, I4»- ij la ^ 3S }..- w 

9 , 
JliSCASvc 

741k 61V, ItherHo 63 
571/, 45 
SatllllBr.64 

S'.t 
J!% 

7'A 

13V. 
711 

141/4 
351, 

94».-( S<hluml> J3 
8V, SCM Cp .4o 
4>-< SC.OAInd.6o 
IOV> StolLFd .M li'/i ScotFeti la 

UM 
7V, ScoltFor .6o 

8'.k 
14V, StollPap.56 

6'/i llv, BcovlltMfg 1 
^^i .33 
Scovll pf3 5o 

7V) 
61.', ScudDuoVI 

1'^ 
7v, Scudpl.2«c 

4U 27H SeaCIL.SSr 
!'* 
3 
SMWA .2o1 

 i'iH ii;; r 
3«117o Ml * 98^ 

 t'r, 
. 

U!'i 1H, 
16!. 
9'/i 
16!. I5'/| 
J'.-i 
11 

S 551 
5 « 
9 1733 
5 1o7 14H 

I! 
37i/i 36V. 

63 
6'/j 
6'/4an 

6'/3 
S'/J 

• U'/j 

. i'/i Seaprve.34 
Xl'l StalPw .72b 

2!'/4 Jo» SearleO .46 
9o1i m, Sears 1.6oa 
.v.'i l'/4 Seatraln Lin 

3oV. 29',', 29V4-" 

.Hi 

. 

3 
S'mPre.We 
U^ Slmm 843 
U 
SlmPal .11. 

31V,. 5lng«ra.«o 
45'/* Sfngr p(3 SO 
Km SkaqgCo .4o iCn» Skefl/Olll 
I3'..i Skri Corp 

47Vi 4o'/, 43 . . 

.. 
14 191.', IB 
19V,4 1 

13 321 4o 
39V. 3»V,~ 

7 
48 
3% 
3V, 
3V». 

8 
25 
18^% 18'.', 18'/7~ 

13 417 
15»> IS". 
16 — 

6 656 34»4 31Vi 33'/>— 
.. 
51 4JV4 48V. 43Vr- 

7 
3o IHt M II - 

H 
8o 63 
61V. 611/4— 

13 
26 14'.* 141. U3V- 

IB 1oo5 
2o1. 
18 
19?'|+ 1 

6 K17 1U', 113, U*,.. 

Sold 
Nil ri (hill.) High low lalt Chg. 

41 ]}!> )!• 
11V. 

C«rEGl.« 
» 3SI IF 
16(> 
UtiSoJirin |.a 
1 1! lt>i !!',{ 
Utt Sounidown 
4 <» l)'/i IIW 
11i5(jMlpllM 
.. 
4) J4 
71H 

o 
SKOE^TBH.W 
1 MJ 3jv! 3 

- 
Vi 
HH- 
V4 
Ii - Irt 

531» «'/. S«,Rypr,\3 

3?V4 25'" ?" "VP* W 
»J» IW Soglhld.Kb lOii 
7W SvntFW.M 

221V 
IB 
S*IFIp!l» 
I « 1o Sw.IPSv.87 i''< 
4'.^ Sparlai .35a 
)3fi 
1or> SporrvHul 1 

37 
32>/i Sp/ry II pt 3 

44W 37H SpwryR 66 
31!-, 15", SprMuc El 
13 
1o'A SprlSoM .6o 

VO^ 
77'.'4 Snufbb 1.43 

SIPoor l.l's* 

6Vi. 

37 1 

I7j.l 
19 
I- 1'.% 

B1.. 
V/t— '/, 

2o1* TO'/, 
H 
1oH I- 
1/4 

4'^ 
41V— 
'/4 
U'.i 
1311 f I 

32'/i 32Vi— ", 
38'.V 
39VV1 
Vt 
IS'/l 16'/, 

. 
.. 
. 

SSJi 
4SV, SIBr4ndl.l! U 33o 531t 5! 

SOV. 4J'/. SPdDr pf3.» . . r l O 4> 
19 

41V. 
34 
SiaPalnt.Jl JlxlOt 
3S'A 34 

34H J/'/, ilOIICal l.;o 
5 3778 Jl« H 

.l.;o 
5 

11o 
B9V» S1oIIIM3.M 12 «I6 

M 
S! 
SlCXICm 1.34 !4 74o SIV. 
«'» »'*SpOhpl3.75 ..,19o 4o54 
«'/. 
4 
Slapress .U lO'.i 
8'i SIPryd.6iO 

14V, 
1oH Sl«nd«x .44 
JS5> SlWlWks .94 
5H Slwray .« l«rrtll 1 
!!'/> 
31J-. 
14'A 
13'/. a 

.. 
4o 
6</, 

8 1o7 37 
13 643 
\1V, 

4 
16 
9 

.. 
38 21 

9 221 IO'/, 
4 
51 
4'/i 
4x!!o I3U 
.. X2o 33V, 
13 1165 
39". 

7 165 
IB 

" ~ "" "- JVt « 

29V.- vj 
22!-,— I 
52V, 
4B — I 
34 — IIV 
2J — 
Vj 

92'/i— It) 
S3 - '/, 
... 6oH 6o>%— I'/. 
71/4 
7'.V 
7Vi— 
U 

.. 
.o 
9H 1o + V, 

17 
12'A 
13 
12 
— 
1/4 

33 27V. 37 
37'/,— V, 

19 IO'/. 
1o 
1o'..— IV 

5 
2o'A 
2oV, MM 

, 

17S IS 
M'* 
N w «il 

J3V. MV. 

1o5 

. 
. 
9V. SlalMIJIIC 4X1139 
1o1k 
9'/. 

X)». SI«M5 l.lie .. J33 ljl{ 
1114 
. 
»>» SlauffClrn 
4'/, Slwchl .« 
»«• SltcOrw .45 19 4tl 
. 
SlevemJP t 
S'ewWj 1.9! 
S^okeVanC 1 

4]'/. 

71'. 
!4". 

B!'. 
13IS'/, 
1MV 
9'.', 
31'-, 
71V, 
43 

31V, M 
SIV/pfA1.4o 

3\i |ti Suave Shoe 

19V, 
I4!H SuHnfro.eO 

13 
7V> S^Creil .2o3 

58V, 
51W1W 1.99! 

1oV, Slor.eCon .4o 
14V. 
Slopshop .9o 

13 
SlwcrEktg 1 

7 
SlridRltc.45 

M'A SHiWOM.J! 

SVrtrplBS 
SIV/pfA1.4 

78 

7 
71 !41> 

6 
45 14^ 
..oio m, 
13 154 SOU 
5 
IS 
1! 

5 
13o ljt» 

4 
49 !.?'• 
I !95 i:' 
4 
21 Mn 

.. 
1 44 
.. 
14 ?^n 
.. « ;i' 
7 
54 
17 
.. 
35 17 

4IU 4!P. 
...... 

4'/. 4!'.- '.* 

ZS 
!5',i— 111 

!»W 79'.-.. 
!SV, J4'A- 
15V> 15>.i— 
" 

. 
'A- •/. 

'/, 

 uv, 
)./ 
17U 

IBVi im 3vn Cftm 4o 
1114 «',{ !m<3Tl .t*r 
55 
4o 
SuriOpirzj 
»'/> IJVj SUo1X7J1.TI .9o 
37'A 
31 
SurwHIrd I' 

UV, 41 |urvllpf}.i 
34U U'/i SunihM .w 

3 
1o 
164) li'/l 
I6'.*|— It i in on A/, 4)1'- iv, 
.. 3>S 4o'/| ii 
KV,~ | 

7 M 111. mt I7H- U 

ISU SufVolU .74 t 
41 11'^ 

Supr CM! 1.4o U 
43 rA'f, 199'/ »7 

-i ISU 

19«yi 

«• 
4<» 
. 

SvpmhO .5 

18 
Supm pfl,3f) 

18'.'. Suf«rKP« 
4V. SuVro 1.4oo 
SVtSwoik.tta' 

23 
Sybron.IJ 

IK-i 

3o4 

,, 
, 
9(k 
4V. Syjlr 

21!i IJV, T» tlVd.4o 
Io1.* 
4V. TitCfl t Nat 

7 
5'A Tjll(jy.«o ny. emaiieyyoi 
1711 13« Tampife .,4 
14 
171't J4ndyOwp 
9^ 
7 
Vapoan .if 

«rt 
4V. Hinnlolr 

16 
11 
Technlcon 

41 '. 34J1 Ttktronx .7o 
4!< 
4'^ Telecor .15 

14V, I!'/. TCIMyn .4o1 
MV. 431'. Tttcdynnl* 
By* 
4 
Ttleprrnpl l!'. lUrte/Co 

11H 
I'/! 
4V, if. 
2i 
4V/, 
4','< 

4H 

 n, f, lltt- V, 
8V,- 1 

 iv..... 

4 - ' 
33'/.- 3 

5 151 
,. 
H io'/. 13 
| 246 I4'/. 13(1 
12 2MB 
75 
7) i 
59 
81/, 
7V. 7'/ 

7 137o 
9V, tv, 9M- ' 

17 
17 Ill'i 12 nil i ' 

16 131 41'/i »li 39'^- 1 
4 
34 
51h j 
514 f < 

4 »2 12'.! 13H 1}S- 

II 
47 
15U 46 8 1- 

J'/t 
5rA 
5".— 

-,'/. 
711 m..... 

.. 
3o 514 
.. 774 

24'.i JPA TCflnco 1.44 

411 
3KTinncov/>A 

91V, 8o 
FWntPIS.M 

231. 7oH Tc-soroP 24 
3«. 341k TtMCO 3 

?., VI™-7o 
14'.-, TexGsT 1.44 
24H TxGipll.5o 
HUTKCMOH.Ii 
18 
TexJlTnd to 

S3'., Tcxtnsl 1 
11H lexOMG .o1 
77*. TexpLrt .55C- 
\T.\ TE-UI 1o3 
7H Te.tl ind 
Ei* IC*!ron 1Jtl 
27« Te«lrpt2o8 
2o11 Tcxlr pi 1.4o 
1o'A Tlllckol .5o 

••>33 

32'A 
34H 
Jl» 
114 

7 759 11',. 1m 2IH 
.. 47o 3 
)?, 1 i i 

.. 
29 Bm WV 
81 - ' 
Ml* 77 I 
37'.. 371'.- 

< 
35VV- 1 
2411^ 

5 »31 

4 1S7 2754 24H 
.. 
7 341. 26'" 

11 >721 35l« »li 
8 
37 2o ill/! 

25 974 91 
9. li 718 
15V, 

9 
58 34Vi" 

. 

47O 17U ThonnBH.44 
11V. 
T,; Thomln .O3b 

12 
9'.'. Thompjw 1 
7V, 
6'.'* ThrJ IDn .jfj 
17'A Tl Corp 1.43 

 il/ 
9V,_ )- 
9. 
9!'^— ui 

1 ', "(*+ "J 
373-1 ;s I i', 
\ir, |,ti ,/ 
o 
o - i 

»'» '1 - 
* 
7IH 28'i ) "" 

21V. 2J1> »'/,- ii 
15'* \4* 
15 
1 v 
44!-. «". 44!, 

I i , 
1o*5 
"*' i8>4 

9'4 

33>1 

; 
, 
- 
4oV, 
XV, Tlmelnc 3 

17H 
13»k T mtMir .4o 
15'^ 31 
Timkj, Ufa 

1914 
15V. TIShRll .«o 

8V, 
4 
Tobui Pkg 

14V. 
11 
ToddShlpyd 

31. '"i Jol<*'E<I3 
IS1.. 
13V4 TonkaCp .4o 

9V. 
6 
TOO!Ro!.«ij 

3(V. 38'.. Trar^Co.96 
45'., 39 
TrenUn 1.44 

IB'.. 17'/, IrmsV/Air 
23'i 19 l«Ap!2 
81> 
5HTrnV/F.23c 

13H 
S'.i T, JiSfl.n 59 

6oV, 
731, Trans PI4.5o 

52 
18". Tralnc 1.76o 

»V 
6V, Transcn 45 
IS'/, 27'. Travlrs 1 o6 
>5 
35V. Travelr pi 2 

11 
12;'. TUG CD 8o1 

.. 
74 

.. 
21 

4 413 

34 
73 

6 
43 
WV, 

4 
7o 
1oV, 

 j 
52 
4%-, 

B 156 
2211 

15 J» "y" " 
8 119 33", 37" 
B 344 I5!» lil i 
1o4 32 
31 

18 
IBS 
19V. IBV 

19 
8 

/ 

31 

14 
3 
131', 

19 25 

6 
54 15V. 

11 
1o 
7V, 

11 
25 
33V, 

U 1o7 411. 
31o34 

31 

7 «3 

21 - 
4i 

37 t iv' a''. 4 I'/. fliA?- v» 

3 1 — 1 
IJ'/.I- ',. 
6 — 'i 
IV.,- 
(•« 
74'i- 
1» 

15V.+ T.'i 
"v,- 
'- 

3oV. 

4 
74V, 73V, 

19',, 
94 
19>i 

247 
8'/, 

41] 78>i 

38 
34V, 

857 lilt 

7 v 

32 
12' 

3)1. 41!> t 
111! 12''- 
Kv. 
2o ii; 
7 
|< 

7 4 - 3 
19V,- V, 

8 
Slit Ii 

27'. 27V.- 11, 
15", 35i."4 ij lli'! 12H- 1 

NEW YORK (API - W«kly Inveirlng 

Ccm-.panles p'vrng ihe high, low and lasT prices for ihe v/t«k with Hie ml charxje iriXTi 1h« prevlWA wepk'i I ail price. 
All quaisiioni, -wpplied by iht Hairooar 
Assotlallon of Securities Dealers, inc , reritxt ne! aisel vatuti, prices at vrtilch sccyi-ll.cb could have been (o.c(. 

AGE Fynd 
AdmriaMy Gtv/t 
AO ml rally inc 
AdmtraMy Ins 
Advisers Fund 
Aelna Furvd 
Ae.fialnccm S^r 
AiLtiitr* Fd n 
Ail Amur Fund 

 llch Low 
Lasl Chq 

4.61 
4.W 
4.6o — .o1 

3&? 
3.« 
7.31 
4.1o 
7,1o 

17JO a. o7 
.H 

9.74 
1o.4o 
4.19 
9./B 
7.« 
4 3i 

3.4Q 
3.:a 
}.Ti 

13.63 
13 67 — .o5 

 to! 3o 
4.18 
9.77 
7.92 
4.38 

Rosrch Equly 
FranklnLI Enly 

Fund Inc Grp: 

Commerce Fd 
Impact Fund 
Inaujl T/eod 
Pllol funa 

&4l«wav Fund 
GciiEIS&SPr Fd 
Gm Swrurlt r 
Growth Fd Am 
Growlh Ind n 
OuardianMut n 
'lamlltrjn: 

Fund KOA 
G'OwITi Fund tnCD-nG 

Income 
Investment 
Jiil Fd 
Am Insfl-lr.d 
Amtnveslor n 
AmMvjlual I'd 
AmNal Grcwlh 
Ancl-cr Group: 

Growth Fund 
Income 
Reserve 
I ur.dm InveiT 
Washing Nat 

AstrCfl Fund 
Audax Fund 
A.e lk>unhlrxi: 
Find A 
Fund o 
Stock Fund 
Science- Corp 

OLC f3rowlhFd 
DabsonDav n 
Bawrack Fund 
BavrocV Grwth 
BcaconHlllMI n 
Deacon Inv n 
De/ky,i/e Grth 
RondMock Cp 
Dos I Found Fd 
BrvmFd Hawaii 
BurnhamFd n 
Calvin DuMOCk: 

BLllcck Fund 
Canadian Fnd 
OMnend Shrs 

NY Venture 

CG Fund 
Capitl InnKv 
Century Shr Tr 

Cr-annlng Funds: 

American 
Balance 
Bond 
Equity Grill 
Equity prog 
Fund o1 Am 

Sctd.l 
Vcnlurc 

Chase Gr Oos: 

£hareholtJ 
Special 

Chemical FL-rxJ 
CNA iVijcrnlFdS: 
Ubcrfy Fund 
.V^rJiflllan Fd 
Schuster f d 
Schusi Sped 
TMK Apprec 

Color.laiL 

ConvcrllWt 
Eauily 
Fund 
GrwVi Shr 
Income 
Venlures 

Cc*u-ni> Grlh n 
CcmwlhTr AfcB 
ConitvlffiTr C 
Ccrrpais Grwth 
Copnpei C«p Fd 
Cotrposile 6&S 

, 

7.17 
6.57 
4.57 
5.71 

6.7i 
1o. IB 

3 95 
*.*3 
1o.47 

3.7) 

6D9 
7.99 
7.15 
6.43 
654 
5.63 
4.21 
4.53 
7.83 

6.57 
6.73 
15.11 

3.93 
6.44 

1o.47 
3.19 
631 

4.3o - .o3 

6.o9 — .C7 
7.99 —.o1 
7.17 — .o2 
6.57 4 M 
6.57 — .o3 
5.71 f .o3 
-4.39 — JO 

3.73 
5.51 
6.11 
- 
- v.iS 

KartwIILcver it 6.19 
" ' 
5.7B 

1.52 
Heritage Fund 
HoraceMacn Fd 
1SI Group: 

Grovvlh 
Income 
Trust Sliar« 
Trull Units 

Imperial CapFd 
Imperial Grlh 
Income Fd Am 

4.17 
6.n 
3.M 

4.36 
667 
561 
3.78 
. . 
917 

1o.o6 
1o.o1 

5.53 
5.43 

5.14 
' " 

7.66 
9.4o 
325 
4.» 
9.o3 
3.12 

11.43 11.38 
19.8o 
1o.61 
' " 3.o7 

«.9o 
9.91 
8.56 
8.97 

3o8 
8.96 
IO.CA 
8.65 
».oo 
11.14 a. 13 

1.13 
9.2o 
8.74 
6.41 
2.57 
6.45 
4.o3 
6.3o 
1.48 
7.21 

 f Fd 

Cor.cfXd Fd 
Cortiolklal I 

CrwnWit DalFd 
Dallas Fund 

4. 29 
3.C9 
665 
6.43 
6.4o 

9.M 
2.74 
9.61 
5.26 
9.11 
355 
1o.75 
1o2 
1.36 
587 
4.14 
7.U 

6.94 

9.32 
9.5o 
5.13 
6.66 
1o.97 

4.99 
5.39 
3.11 
6.39 

 deVtMhl Mut n 
Delaware Group: 

Occatur Inc 9.76 
Delaware Fd 8.76 
Oclla Trerd 

Director! Cap 
Dodge&Cox n 
Drexetfc'qylly 
Dreyfus Grp: 

1.13 
9.16 
8.73 
6.37 
3.54 
6.41 
4.o5 
6.28 
1.47 
7.16 

6.92 
4.3o i.78 
3.15 
8.84 

42S 
3.C3 
656 
437 
6.35 

9.o3 
212 
'9.63 

5 2 3 
9.o8 
333 
«.«o 
1o3 
1.35 
5a5 
4.V3 
7.S6 

6.83 

9.12 
9.12 
5.o4 
6U 
1o.88 

4.96 
5.34 
3.o9 
636 

4.27 - .o2 
6.7o 
S 63 — .o7 
3.78 — .o2 
9.68 
— .15 

1o.o2 — .(» 

5.52 F .o3 
5.13 4 .o1 
7.63 — .o4 
9.39 —.o4 
3.23 — .« 
4.3o — .172 
8.99 — .o5 
2.82 — .o2 
9.57 - .o3 

11.41 — .o7 
1o.61 — .34 

3.o7 — .o3 
8.96 -t .o1 
1o.o3 + .o4 
8.64'— .o7 
< 98 — .o5 
11.14 f .oV 
8.13 
+ .o1 

1.13 — .o3 

6.28 - .o3 
1.47 — .o2 
7.31 - .o1 

9.o3 — .CO 
2.72 — o3 
9.63 — .o6 
5.33 — .o6 
9.M — .o4 
2.52 — .o4 
1o.75 + .« 

1.o3 
1.36= 
5 85 — .o5 
4.13 — .o1 
7.88 — .o2 

4.97 — .o3 
5.34 — .o7 
3.W — .o4 
6.39 - .o1 

55.35 
54 » 55.35 — .23 

9.2S 

_. . 
867 

4 1 2 
4.oo 

3 89 
3 85 

14.14 
14.1o 

8 45 
83) 

Equity 

?.7i - .o5 
8.76 + .o3 
4.o8 — .o5 
3.89 + .o3 
14.12 — .o7 
8.39— .13 

9.81 
4 .o3 

EapJ 
Cfllft 

JeGrt. Shr 

9.84 9.74 
3.44 
3.41 
, 

13.U 
13 o6 
13.13 — .11 

6 7v 
6.76 6.78 

V.38 
935 

793 3.89 
7.o3 
6.96 

. 
. 

3.44 
4 .o3 

».3S — .o7 
3.69 - .o3 
7.oo - .o2 

Dalance Fund 
OOiv.h fund 
Income Fund 
Special FUIVI 
5'«V Fund 
EJlc SpJ&ih n 
Earel Grc\v(h 
Ellv,n Truili 
Emerging Sec 

833 
13 48 

3 66 
659 
1o.14 
1699 tOtl 
13 56 
3oo 
1o.91 1oU W 91 — .o5 
7.47 
7.47 7.<6 - .o4 

7.(9 
7.U 
7.M — .« 

7.35 
7.21 
7.58— .11 

8 3 1 
1JM 
5.64 
6.S3 
1o.1o 
1613 
1o54 
13.48 
7.17 

8 31 - .o8 

1o31 - .21 
5 64 - .o5 
o.5J - .o3 
1o 1o - .13 
15.99 - .1o 
1o 6o - .o7 
11 44 — .13 
$99 - .o1 

JjJ 
7,« 

7.M 
6.97 
9.U 
7.ot 
5.W 

 id 
7.M 

7.5? 
&.V4 
9.74 
6.96 
5.« 

J-Ur-g 
7 9 7 — o 1 

6.97 
..... 

?.&5 -J- .o7 
7.o1 
4- .o1 
5.« — .o? 
. 
. 
. 
— . 

??.7J 
??.S4 J7.54 — 4) 

6.1o 
6.1? 
6 2 o — o 1 
4.» 
4.17 
US 

17.o5 
16.J5 

?3.« 5335 

14.98 — .19 

 ledgeFund 

3 7 1 
5.43 
6.o9 
9.77 

7,11 

5.73 
1.49 

. 
! — o3 

371 — o3 
5.51 — !oi 
6 11 — o1 i.f) -. 13 
6.16 -f .o4 

5.77 
+• .o1 

 i.si - .o4 
. 
. 
. 
. 

15.96 
15-67 
«,67 « .16 

4 64 
4.19 

15.34 

4.14 
7.95 
6.22 
12.» 
346 
2.81 
8 3 7 

4.59 
4.59 - .11 

4.14 
4.1B — .o5 

15.o7 15. ii — .17 
4o6 
4.17 • .OS 
' ' 
7.W - .M 
6.33 - .o2 

12.26 
— .o7 

5.46 
H .o1 

2.81 — .o5 

7.9o 
6.18 
12.26 
544 
2.78 
6.25 
. 
. 

8.36 + .o2 

Inverness Grlh 
Invest 
Co Am lnv«!Gutl n 
Invest Indicator 
Invest Tr DOS 
Inv Counsel: 

Cspamcrlca 
Capll Inv Glh 

 canllShrs me 
1 iveslors Grnjp: 

IDS Growm 
IDS New Dim 
Mutual Inc 
Progressive 
Slock 
Selective 
Variable Pav i vest Research 

Islel Fund Inc 

O Fur.d n 

 rowlhFd 

. 
. 
. 
. 

31.75 
2o.61 21.75 
— .51 

7.66 
7.S/ 

11.73 
11.M 

6 59 
6.4? 

1.94 
1.91 

9.96 
9.9? 

7.46 
2.76 
5.o5 

5.34 
4.71 
85o 
3.21 

17.31 
8.94 
694 
4.43 
18.96 
6.95 
86o 
14.71 

6.57 
" II 

7.37 
2.71 
4.W 

5.38 
4.6A 
8.43 
3.15 
17.o5 
8.92 
6.tB 
4.4 
1646 

5.o3 
Y .C7 

531 — .15 
4.7o — ' a.« — .12 
3.21 — .o6 
17.18 —.35 

6.94 — .o1 
691 -- .15 
4.4o —.o5 
16.94 — .11 

. 

L31 
W.6 

JonnHanck Slon 

Kcyslorw Furtfs: 

Apollo Fund 
Invest M Bl 
MM G rut D2 
DISCoo D4 
IncomFd Kl 
GrttvthFd K3 
HtGrCom 51 
WicomStk S2 
Growth SO 
LoPrCom S4 
Polaris 

Knlckrbck Fund 
Knlckrbck Glh 
Landmark Glh 
LD Edlc-Cap Fd 
Lenox Fund 
Lfxlnglon Grp: 

Corp Leaders 
LexYngln Grlh 
Leslngln Rsh 

Lite Ins Inv 
Lincoln Nat 
LoonMs 5a*.tr>i: 

Capital 
Mutual 

Lord Abbeit: 

Allltlated Fd 
6 41 

AmDus Shr 
2.86 

Borsd Deo 
9.M 

Lulheran Orolh 
9.5o 

Lulherntjro Inc 6.97 
Missschusell Co: 

Freedom Fd 7.o6 
Indppend Fd 
6 BO 

Mais Fd 

. 
. 

. 
6.94 — .o3 

6.56 
6.58 — .o5 

14.43 
14.71 — .o1 
6i2 
6.54 — .o5 

7.J9 
7.» — o4 

3o.<9 2o.55 — .12 

3.6o 
3.56 

11.13 18.oo 
13.57 
16. « 

7.B? 
6.64 
4.B6 
16.64 
6.W 
* 53 
3.36 
3.EI 
5.77 
6.B2 
5.78 
13.35 

. 

7.|7 
6.63 
4.83 
18.53 

6.79 
4.5o 

4.41 

2.84 
5.34 
6.76 
5.68 
13.19 

4.36 

Mais Finan.cl: 

MIT 
MIG 
MID 
MFD 
MCO 

Sales Invst n 
Malners Fnd n 

MulDenet Grlh 
MIF Fund 
MIF Growtti 
MulOmaha Gl 
" lOmalia Inc 
-.-lual Slirs n 
Mutual Trust n 
NEA Mutual 
N6II Indust n 
Nat Secur Ser: 

Oalanced fiond 
Dividend 

NE Llle Fund: 

14.45 14.33 

5.67 
5.5! 

12.SB 12.49 

6.51 6.51 
6 oo 
5.93 

1o 62 
1o 56 

13o8 13.o4 

6.34 
3.W f.35 i.a 
6.96 

7.o3 
675 
9.93 

1oo1 
M.2I 
12o1 
1984 
17.18 

1.64 
9.13 
4.56 
8.72 

12.55 
8.44 
7.4o 
375 
4o4 
I 17 
17.1o 
1.79 
8.7o 
8.62 

7.76 
45o 
3 3 1 
361 
6o6 
4.49 
6.2) 

1o11 
1o.29 
12o5 
11.oo 
12.46 

 l.6< 
9.7> 
4.61 
8.8o 

12.63 

17.16 

1.79 
8.34 
6.«9 

7.79 
451 
3.38 
565 
61o tt! 

3.6o 

«.79 — .18 
6 56 — .o2 
3.36 t .o2 

2.88 .... 
3.77 — o4 
6.76— .13 
5.74 — .o3 
13.35 -- .o3 

4.41 

641 + .o3 
2.85 .. f.35 - 

7.o5 — .11 
6 78 - .o4 
9.93 — .1o 

1o.o9 — .o3 
W.31 — .14 
13.o1 - M 
1o.97 — .o3 
13.46 f .17 

1.64 — .o2 
9.71 + .o6 
4.6o — .oo 
8 73 — .o5 

12.SS — .13 
8 4 6 — .o6 
7.45 
3.76 — .o7 
4.o4 
8.2o 
17.11 — .o9 
1.79 
8.2o - .o9 t.97 + .o6 

7.76 — .o8 
4.51 — .o1 
331 — .o9 
5.61 — .o5 
6.o9 
4.51 + .o1 
6.29- .1 

Stein Roe Fds: 

Balance n 
Cap Op n 
Slock n 

Superviv-J (nv: 

Growth 
Income 
Summit 
Technology 

Surveyor Fo 
Trmn Glh Can 

Kdor Hedge n 
2olh Cent Grlh 
2o111 Cent Inc 
JSAACapGlh n 
JS Gov1 Stxur 
USLIFC: Funds: 

Apox Fund 
Balanced Fd 
Common SIX 

Unit Voitual 
Unltund 
Union Svc Grp: 

Broad 51 tnv 
Nat Invest 
Union Cnpllcl 
Whitehall 

United Funds: 

Accumulllv 
Bond 
Cool Growth 
Com income 
Income 
Science vanguard 

Value Line Fd: 

 value Line 

I5.lt 
15.o1 I5.ll — .o4 

8.76 
B.7I 
B.7I — .12 

14.23 
14.2o 14.23 — .1o 

13.78 13.71 13.71 — .If 

4.84 ill 
4 6 3 - . o . 

_ .. 
7.4J 
7.4o 
7.44 — .o5 

Penpeclve 
1394 
11.8S 13.9o — .o9 

New World Fd 
1o41 1o4o 1o.4o — .11 
11.59 
115o IIS5-.o9 
II 41 II J» 
14.74 
14.21 

7.o1 
6.94 

1472 
14.12 

19.72 
13.67 

 ull/ 
Growth 
Inconte 
Slfl« 

NeuwlrlhCpn 
NeuwlnhFd 

Nc%wton 
Nlch Stroro 
NOfeait Inv i 
Oirega rund 

 ft. 9o 
S.93 
1.8 

One WnUam 
ONelll Fun.l . 
OppenUelmer Fd: 

Oppenhm Fd 
6 IS 
AIM 
Ttme 

Over Count Sec 
Paramt Mutual 
Paul Revere 
Pegaiu* Fd 
Perm Square n 
Penn Mutual n 
PWIn Fund 
PnoenlxCap Fd 
Pilgrim Orp: 

Pilgrim Form 
11.13 

Pilgrim Fd 7.o2 
M>g<i> Cap 
3.M 
Magna Incom 
8.38 
PintJIrell n 9,74 
PtniTrce Fd 
Ptonwr Fund: 
Entern 

(nvnl 

Pllorowlh Tnd 
Pllrrcnd Fnd 
PrKo Funtfi: 
Orowlh Fd n lncam( Fd 
Era n 

N*w Hw I in n 

Pro 

Inll inv 
Special n 
Balanced n 
COmmonSt .. 

Sbd Leverage 
Security Funds: 

Equity 
J.Z6 

Invest 
6.o1 

Ultra 
6.o3 

Selected Funds: 

Select Amer e.ei 

Sclpcl Opporl 
7.67 

Select Sped 
11.78 

Sentinel Growth 
9.43 

Sentry Fund 
H <i 

Shareholders Gp: 

Comslock Fd 
Enterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal Llsl 
Pace Fund 

Slearson Funds: 

Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 

Stirmn Dean n 
Side Fund 
SJqma Funds: 
Capital 
Invest 
Trust Sfi 
Venture Shr 

SmlhDarEql n 
SmlnBarllG n 

13.93 
1365 
1364 —.o7 

23.7o 23.4 
23 41 - .31 

14.o4 
3.99 
14o1 — o3 

8.9o 
431 

. 

E S4 
4.26 

8 44 -- W 

3.17 
5.91 
5-W 

4:31 

3.24 + .o4 

Income 
Lcvrged Grll» 
Spec! sit 

Vance Sanders: 

Invest 
Coocn&n 
Special ancterbllt 

Vanguard Fd 
VanlTen Hlnly 

355 
5.W 
3.89 
7.17 
4.o3 
7.15 

. 
. 
. 

1.54 
11. 7« t . 7 

9.72 
9 42 -f W 

1.44 
11 44 -- 
14 

3.53 
5.o3 
3J4 
7.15 
4o! 
7.74 

3 5 5 — o 4 
5.o9 + .o1 
3.M - .o1 
7 17 — o1 
4.W + .o1 
7.75 — o4 

.VashlnWutuaM 
WclnarlnEo. n eiHr^ln Group: 
ITxplCfCT Fnd 
1766 
19.78 

(vest Fund 
7.57 7.5o 
Morgan Fund 
Trustees Eq 
Wotlostey Inc 

17.44 
. 

1451 
14.41 

9.25 9.23 
14.34 14.21 

17.5o 
17.44 — o1 
14.51 
..... 

9.75 — .o4 

. 
. 
. 
— 

7.o? 
4.94 
7 o7 — o6 

Wellington Fd v/Oitmln Bd 
Windsor Fund 

Western Indusl 
Westflcld Grv.-lh 
Wisconsin Fd 

6.16 
891 
7.o3 
7.Q7 
8.75 
9.78 
1o.67 
6 67 
5.44 
1o.77 

3.71 
553 

Soulhwnlnv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
Speclra Fund 
SE.P InlrcanDy 
Stnle BofldGr: 

Comnv>n Fd 
Diverslried F 
Progress Fd 
SlalFirmGlh n 
StatFarmlnc n 
Stale SI rnv stcaavnan Funds: 

Amer Ind n 
265 

AlsoFTrust 
Invest n 
Occancgra 

4.18 
4.SB 
4.3B 
4.3a 
838 
39.13 

1.o9 l.'B 
4 4 4 

17.77 

S 53 
7.9o 
7.81 
5.95 
8 62 
7 7o 
7.29 
V.22 
9.6o 
2.53 
3.75 
8.32 
9.49 

4.23 
7 2o 

1o.37 

7.53 
681 

6.12 
B.t3 
7.CO 
7.o5 
8.71 
9 73 
1o.63 ta 
5.32 
1o.17 

3.65 
5.5o 

4.16 
4.S4 
4.26 
4.35 
6.34 

38.68 

2.63 
1.o8 
1.17 
643 

17.1o 
8.25 
11.96 

3.48 
7.87 
7.74 
5.9o 
6.56 
!:8 
?:.?ia 

6.17 — .o4 
8 69 — .o9 
7.oo - 
.t<5 

7.o5 — .o3 
6 71 — .o9 
9.73 - .o7 
1o.63 
— .o7 

6.67 I- .o3 
5.4o + .o3 
W.27 — .19 
3.71 
5.5o — .1o 

4.16 — .o6 
4.54 — .o4 
4.36 - .o6 
4.35 - .o3 
B.3« - .o4 
3.1.55 — . 

2.64 ... 
1.o9 ... 
1.18 
6 44 — .o2 

17.14 — .14 
8.25 — .o7 
12.o1 — .o8 

3.49 — .o5 
7.87 — .o3 
7.8o — .o2 
5.93 — .o4 
6.61 — .o6 
7.73 — .23 
7.35 - .o9 
«.!» — .OB 
9.6o i .o9 
9.53 + .o4 
3.7o — .o6 
8.27 — .11 
9.48 — .o2 

1o.33 
1o.35 — .o6 

7.51 
7.53 - .«, 

6.71 
6.79 + .o3 

11.33 
1146 

6.43 6.4o 
6.39 a.31 

11.33 
11.17 

5.97 
5.93 

7.75 7.24 
6.61 
8.57 

8.63 
859 

1o.67 
1o 54 

5.8o 
5 74 

5.o4 
5 o3 

11.53 — .o6 
6.4o — .1o 
6.33 - .1o 
11.32 — .o5 

5.94 — .o5 
7.24 — .o7 
6 57 — .o6 
8.59 — .o7 
1o 54 — .1o 
5 77 — .o4 
5.o2 — .o4 

5.31 
5.23 5 31 -f .o9 

4.t5 
4.16 
J.91 

4.17 
& 57 
4.38 
3 « 
1.31 
5.55 
333 
4.46 
5.76 
H.W 

9.38 

6.15 
454 
426 
3 «1 
1.17 
5.53 
3.35 
4.44 
S 72 

1o94 
9.7i 

4.IA — .uj 
6.14 
<- .o4 

Jsl _ 53 

4.17 — .o1 
454 — a 

4.74 — [ 13 
3 44 + o1 
1 18 — ff. 

5.51 — .o7 
1.35 
— o1 

4.48 
— .o1 

5 72 - 
o: 

 n oo — *oi 
9.36 - 

. 

1o.11 
9.78 
1o.85 

9.64 
5.51 
7.o7 
2.W 
4.9) 
5.o1 

19.85 — .o3 

. 
7.54 — .to 

1o.o1 1o.1o ... 

9.7o 
9 7o — 13 

1o63 
1o 81 — " 

9.57 
9 61 — 
9.52 — .o1 
7 o2 — tt 
? 49 — o 
4 91 — ~C7 
5 oo — o 

. 

9.57 
6 W 
2 45 
6 69 
4 99 

Group 

Averages 

NEW YORK tAPJ — TI* tollGWtng I 

 nlvcs lhe weekly average nei chanoe fo 
Fhu common i.ocki Iraood In each group 
Aerospoep, Aiccralt 
-f \ 

A'r Tram pert 
" 

Aufo, Truck 
Au?o Paris & Accessor IDS 
Banfci, Saving i & Loan 
Qcvcrage (Self DrlnVj) 
Brewing, DliHfirrxj . 

Connlomcralei, O i vn si Kod .„ 
Conialncrs, Packaging .. 
Drugs, MttJiffll Supplier! 
Electronics, Electrrc Producis finance 
Foods, Commotii.Tel 
TocKt Markcls & Vt-rxiors 
GtHd, Silver 
Hotels, fVwrpli, Tuurh-n 
House FurnliJilnfls 
. . . 

 insurance 
.nvwln'cnf CcnipiVfJcs 
Marhlnn Tocli P. Acreisccics . 
W.icKncrv 
Vclal Fabrlccling 
WJnirvg (non metallic) .. . ... iV.olof Transport & Leasing . . 
Non-feJTous Metals . 
Cilice Equip'Tici.t & Scrvkrs 
Paper. Hu(p fclroleum 
. . . p^c^o Producis & Services, . 
FVCit.sloi* inilrumpn.s, Walchc-i 
Pi In ring. Pubtfsfiing 
Rallrcads, Rail Cqjipmfnl .... 
Real Eslak1 
Recreation, Leisure 

Rcle.l Trade 
..". '..".".''. 

Rubber, Tires 
Slilpplrig, 5 h 11* u I ttf r,g 
Sh<Mi, Lealhcr Products 
. . 

SMps, Cos'nclks, Toiletries 
Sieei. ircn 
Tcxlilcs, Ap.porcl 
Tcbacco 
.- .. 

UHIMIcs (Electric) 
Ul.l.ltr-L (GAS) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

, 
•(>gn lew 

 i?'/4 TriyA:c;c nu 1,-i^ir.fj ,-- 
9 
Trrinpfe. 
I?1/! TfJnl 1^.6o 
IIH Trcpkam 
17V7TflW In 1.12 
' 
TRWpHM 

 wa,.'" a** 
23<. 
K'n 
57'/> 
K 
1o7 

IJH 
WV< 7uclono.84 

9'.'i i'A TvrtnCcr .5o 

I? 
|V« TycotAbs 

 iO'/i 
1JV< TyHrCp.« 

J'/i 
]9 
UAtlnc.ll! r?'/i H", UAL pi « i\</4 
14 
IIARCO 1.1o 

14 
11V, UGI Cp 1.32 

Solit 

 f'l (hdl.l ll.ghl.w lo.t I 

• tVt 
Kj'-t 

S 

W4 
I 

19 IH» 

4 1S7 » 

 llli UWC Ind I 
8V. Un«rco.5o 
Ji'.i UnllLts .toe 
17 
UnltlVMOo 
IV/i UnQ&ncp .84 
43'/i U Oirnpl.4o 

 fnlcfi Corp 

U 
On E.tx 1.71 

WV U'nEt 71pr " ii'/) Unr-" 

4lH* Un El 
I'-i Un FJIt-dry 

<o'/? UrvOCal VW 

1H 

74>* U 
_ 
H'-i UrPac pl.w 

S'^j UMonam 
? 
J4 Uol royal ,7o 

87'/j UniTyal pi ? 

/?V» ?J'/i Unit Air UO 
" t^'/i Un'i Air pf 3 
7'.i Unit flr^r^i 
.?'/« UBrdpll.M 
8( 
Uni1Cn.7J« 

S^ii Ur.GlPL v/i 
?i'/,i u nitnTi ?.:? i'< uniriro .36 
4'/* UnMIn r|.4l i'/< ijnirim .13 
I3'.'» UJerDk 1.o* lii'» UnW^ 1.« 
UVi Un Nuclr 
31/? UnllPkM'n 
Hi., U^lAerg.JO 
33H USFIOGr*8 
19V> USFoS 3.o7e 
14"* US Fcgl 1.^5 
17V? USOypsl.U 

Sol.i 
Ihdi.l Highliw loll Ch|. 

 ft Dll E 
IMCL .!< 

H* 1514WdWltCOfp 
!''•» ?'^W«liFB».« 
IS 
V/IIFM7. l!« 

7Vt V/ellRG .&4a 
I3'-. WescoF .4Ca 
21% v/CSICITr .75 
55 
V/1PP r.14.5o 

» 13? ,18 
7 122 IS"! 

241/. -f 
»:•••- 

8'/I IK 
»ti— 

14V, 
U'.fj U'.'l— 

23'/4 M>4 21'/4 > 
S6'/4 
56'/4 56'/4.... 

Wl PI Pep 241 
5 161 26'. 21 
•••-' — 
•"- 
I 
942 \n. 
111-, 

7 113 36 
«'/> 

1o 195 
9Vi I'l 

5 
U 13*. D1'* 

6239o I2!'l ll'/l 
:: $ « - 
» «»» 

«'.^ V/nAJrL .4* 
IS1/, v/noncl.4o 
7'.. v/n Pec [nil 
!!'/> 'rtnPublh.74 ll'/i 'MUnlcn 1.4o 
55 
WnUnpli 

31V. v/nun pl4.M 

531/, 45 
VWUnpI4.W 

14 
ItV, v/KlgEI.97 

S4'/i 
S?V. v/sl E pf3 8o 
3i!'l 31', V.'Uvco 1.1o 
?!'/> 
17 
V/cytrg 1.38 

' 

»'/(! 
11'/,... 

441/, 45'/. 44'/j t- i9v. |BV. IB'/I.. 

 g 1.39 
.. fir ,8o 
- . ...*IFry .4o 
131/, WTieelPIII St 
56 wr.elPil pi 6 

46V. WnelPllpf 5 ..736o 5o 
49'/i 
2l'/j Whlripol .(o 
II 
559 27'/i 2S'/I 

8V, WhllCen.7o 
3 113 1o', 
1oV. 

36 
WMICMC] 

43'/j 31'.', v/eytffi 
' 
I!H WMIFr 

_. . 
Sl'.i 
29V, 
I?'.'. 
18',4 
13'/i 

.. Z'AU 
54 
J4*4 
94 r I 

7 344 33Vl 
31W 
33 *V- H i 
4 H'/. Ill, UVi 

15 I5S* «!, 37'.* 43", 4 ,y, 
13 334 I6H IS 
161. t H. 

4 34J 2oV| I7',i JOVit 2.1 
. I7SO 6o 

 en wnileM .ioc 
I'/l V • ' • 

. 

77 
W.\ 33 it 
51 

I21i -rVlcJ-esCrp I 
5'-. V/icbdlSt :& 

.. 
4 
178 
14 

- 

51V? WmiCOi . 

Wms Co WT 
Wrns C pf-8o 

XV, 

._ USHomp . 

6'i USIrrJ .67 

17 
USLrasg .24 .. 

1o , US lilt,- 1.36 13 
IS'* US S*-.Of> .95 f. 

36"i US S'cc-l 3 
13 
USTobsc.76 li'i IMITel 1.o4 
1'-. UnlTel wt 

2o'. j UnTI 2ptl 5o 
3V.. UnTetfH SO 
7'., Unltrodc Cp 
17*i U'llver .64 
25'/. l^Leftf 
1.76 

14'., UnlvOil .37c 
54i/, Up o^ .55 
12'. UrisHlog 
2o 
USLIFE.28 

IO1., Uslllelnc Ic 
16'• USM sip 1 
351'. USM [>t2.1o 
16'/j USMpll.5o 
36 
Ulaf.lnl 53 

SI'."! UI6I«PL 3.37 
2T.j UV Ind I 
' 
UVIndwt 

-. - 3314... 
19'/j Uli- 

/ v. i/'/4 
16V. 17 f 

7 
171 21". 
21 
?1>. f 

.. 
\'i 
24H ?4',i 24V,< 

3 x245 
63. 
6 
6'.,— 

3 «1 
7>, 
7V) 
7V. 

13 1]6 
18 
17'/, 
17V,— 
" 
37 
11V, ll=» l|i/,_ 

 t, 131 IIV, 1o'.. 
1V/,- 

7 1o99 
42V» 411, 
431.4— 

9 
63 U'/, !3'/i 13'-,t 

9 
373 ISVi li'/j 
I5H— 

62 
3 
1>> I'. 

. 
18 21 
2oY> Jl 
— 

. 
12 24 
/3V. 23'..- 

8 
81 
B'/J 
7=i I — 

6 
97 16*. 
15'.'? 16^ * 

6 
27 76V, 26 
24 
— 

26 342 
69V 

.. 
1S8 14V, 

1o 317 
23'/4 

 x9I 
1o '* 

4 131 
13", 

&5 
24 

19'., 15 

7'-< 
4M 
9!, 
7"| 

 li>4 
1311 l» 
1DOV, 

95'i 9o 
56V, 81 
E8'-> 79'.i 

.. 
33'.4 
..UK 
17 

17 623 3t 
7 1o6 31 Vt 
5 x255 45'.| 42'/4 
.. 
]1 79'. 
,-9 

8 U'.t 45 

. 
1o'/j— 
13 - 
77 _ 

31'/: 

23 35 
33 V, 

VAV-X 

25'. 
«fc 
7'/i 

64 
5o fill 
17'" 
29H 

2o 
17 
5Wi 

2o 
9V. 

33It'.i 

6o 

VF Corp .76 
Vfecom Inl 
VictCmp .5o 

VaF.P pfb.34 
VaEPpt7.72 
VU 72P17.73 

VaEP pf 5 
VaEPpt4.<34 
VOrnado .971 
VSI Corp .6o 
Vul Mat 1.4o 
Wal)R pf4 5o 

. 

« Wa<green ; 

WiVrA l.ajo 

» Wall Bus .49 

WallMu .£oa 

1S7 
25V, 

9o !6'/4 
-!6 
6 

 r/o 
VOfl? 

9o 
9o 
77V, 

5o 

.Varneco .8o 
3 365 

- rYincrCo .M 
6 
5 

 k WrnCom .4o 
5 x447 

WrnCpll.25 

: WarnL .73a 

.119o 6t . 
.. 72o 5o 
6 17o 
4"", 

6 
31 16", 

7 
.14 28',', 

.. l» SI'-i 
13 158 33'.. _.6!'/: 
IHi 
14", 

27 49V, .47H 
73 
19 lath 
9 
1o1. 1o 
" 161/, 
16 

16 
14)1 
7". 
71. 

 lO'A 
9*. 

9 fl'.i 

A1 4— an* 
14V»-r 

51V, 51'.?* V 

237 
I511 

23 

3 26V. 

1o'.'.— 
9 f 
I3V|— 
35'.,- - 

WslWP 1.48 

V 
Waito Men! 

15>< WalknJ.fce 
4!i WayGos .6o 
15'. WayS nil.1o 
4^ Wean Unit 

19 756 35". 33"/4 35',i + 
9 
72 32 
3oV. 31'..+ 
2|li 2o!', 2111-r 

12'/4 
13 
+ 

2914 
2914— 

I5'/J 
17 

19=1 19'.i •-' 
121, I? 
26V? 221. 
6V. t',, 

16 

18 
13 

5 
3o 

1o 
17 

14 
25 

15 
149 

6 
33 

- 
. . 

1 7A 
17i<3?o 
43 

55',, I IV; 
37 r 2 

51 - 1 
39'.'.- ^ 

4)'/i 42 
, 

4'/4 
2li Wolver WY. 

IO'/. 
4 
Womitco.5o 

13V, 1oIt WooO.Cp .43 
19»« UU W^wHiVJO 
34". 
?9 
Wtf«pl2.2o 

5U 
3H World /Vv/-/ 

«!> 5 ft, I'F 4-1*1*1 •' *|* ?' jo'* o/ — n 

 xEcf/• »• •»'u 
!fM\r^ 
|i3 v 

Y-VT 

Ifl^I 
J3J'* ZaScoro'.Ti 

15^* U 
2alfr nfA .K 

71'/j 
51 
Zapaiajil 3 

 two years aco . 
/an I louale .. 
973 roda't... . 
J73 rotfato .. .. 

43 188 71o' 

'...'...'. 
HI289J1o 
74.149,o4o 
W,5J3,94o 

1.o31.o18,11o 
C17B,31S!75o l,34o,»1.o>o 

Clip the coupon below or attend one of our informal briefings on Tax-Free Municipal Bonds. You'll learn everything you need to knov/ to move your money up 
Io 7.oo%Tax-Free inlerest — income you don'leven report to Ihe Internal Revenue Service because it's exempt from all present Federal Tax. 

TUESDAY/APRIL 16 
San Antonio 
St. Anthony Hotel 
Travis ar Navarro 
Room #329 
8:oo p.m. 

Refreshments 

Call Collect: Houston (713) 626-1182 

J.Mli;rONNKWTON,!NC. 

177o 
St. James Place. Suite 1o6 • 

San Fehpe Green • Houston, Texas 77o27 

Please send me. viithoul obligation, your information kit on Tax-Hteo Municipal Bonds. 

I'i" 

Cily 

Slate 

Treasury 

Bonds 

YOHK 
[API- Over thp Covntrr 

 ernment Treasury bonds, weekl 

LIosIng Billed price And ylHd 
Rale Maijriiy High Low tail Chg Yield 
^ivMav '* 
W.2^ «.M 99 31 + 3 8 33 

3VasNov 7J 
VM6 9J.16 97.^8 a JS 
« 
F«?b 63 
B7.H I?.J I7.U +.W7.6o 

3V:SN-Ov W 
79.11 79.3 79.11 i .« 7.4? 

Au-o 81 
97.M 9f».,T3 97.J4 +.» 7.* 

-—Fell 83 
«.» 9S.6 «.1o +.R 7.17 
S'.iiJun 14)83 73.19 73.16 7J a +11737 
61^A-jg W 
944 K2 
146 + 1o 7 IB 

3MsWay 45 
73.4 71 !< 77.1 -KUAB7 

-t1is^\sy 75«S 
7S7< 75.16 7i.?4 +.8 7 S7 

6V,sNOv 86 
*9.M B9.?< 89.3o 1.13 7.37 

3VrtFeb W 
7H3 7o.3o 
71.12 -f.16 4.41 

4l.i&Aug 6J.?Z 71.M 71.4 71.3o4.167.o3 
A Htb B893 
73.W 71.W 71.18 +.126.47 

6*«Fch 73 
19.1? 69.6 69.13 +.16 7.U 
" 
Aug 6893 9S.7S 9S.1? 95.36 -t.IB 7.93 
AAfiy «9 94 7t.l? 71.? 
71.12 
+ 

_ 
F<b « 
71.12 71.o 71.12 + 

-"s Wav 93 SS 1oo o 
W.77 1oo.o 
49.14 7,64 

3V»Nev W 
7.1o 75M 71 13 •* )J 5 4S 

Prices quolco 
In dollars and thirl v 

 scconits. 5u6|ocl fo 
Kcdpffll laxes bul ooi lo SlQle intonie taxes. 

1. The First National Bank of Son Anlonio is now paying 

9% on Cerlificotes of Deposit of $1oo.ooo or more wild maluiilics of 3o and 6o days. Pace solter roles arc also ovniloblo for longer niolurJlic5. 

2. On Certificates of Deposil lesi than $1oo,ooo and 

 on all savings accounts. Firsl National PUmk of 
San Anlonio pays tlie maximum rotes allowed by fodciol regulation ond compounds llie intereil datl/. 
No commercial bank can pay a higlier rate. 

3. To purdiaso a Ccrlificato of Deposit, or slnrt o 

 savings account at todoy's rates, call Mr. Dill 
Scogfjin at 223-4311. 

First National Bank 

231 E, Travis • Son Antonio, Texas 78298 • (512) 223-4311 • Member FDIC 

THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF SAN ANTONIO, THE PACE SETTER 

Efl«cl|vi S*n,imbtr It. 19H. Fvdirol bonking itoula.loni r«n.u1r» nU com. mircml bonVl lo ninV« ikt (oll«wfr\o ilauminl In niwtpap«r adr4illi<jminlt l<!almfl lo lnr*int ratal pakJ; "F«J«iflt law and r«rju.a,!er.t p.oh^ll ih* payrninl *( a linn tftpoill prloi !• malgilly unlut lhii> morilhi •! lh* lnl«f. lit lrwrt«n (» Fcrfctttd and lnr*i«tl on |h« amount wLlh^'awn Ii uductj to in* fia^beoii ial«," 

DESIGNED, PLANNED AND BUILT 
FOR YOU AT 

MANUFACTURING PLANTS AND WAREHOUSES 

Prico includes foundation and slab on your Ipvnl silc: our fully loadbgaririg. pro- cast, lightweight concrete 

 walls 12 It. high, doois: tool and fascia. 1 5.ooo sq. It. minimum. 

Speed 
Fab-Crete wiy me] 
Precast loadbeanng concrete panets 

 lojded jl Speed TabCrelo pljnt. 

¥ 
Complete design and 

 service. Sliel 

Ouitd right D 

 proporty line. Sav« o maintenance and insu ar.c«. 

Can include citices. gym urns. Dozens ot finishes. 

Llfihl\vaigh( hifth stranglh concrete 
Is built to last forever. 

CALL or WRITE TODAY 

696.333o 

Rt. 2, Box 3o4 

16519 
Frodorickiburg Rood 

San Antonio, Toxas 78228 

Wiw MwH In . . . . Honronlll*. All. — Mawl.. ,_.., — «. 
In Crucn. N. Mn — Cm*. Cily, KM. » Okliban* City, OlJi. 

. TII. v. RobUffvn Tir. — Wiu. TK. (AjtRl) 

A4ll. — Olllui, Cl. — SNillrlHi, III. — tilth tttrt. H, Clt. — 

OrMniiilli, In.' — Iti) V««lli. Tu. — 

|;I 

I. 

7-fog* 4-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

WshUw.' 

4>!» 71V. Ollihorc O 
' 4 
Hi Ohio Arl .5o 

 lr"/'« )3i* Ohk> Brass 1 il 
8it on seaiy » 

.27J1 21 
OKCCpl 

14?. la'.* OnanCp.2oe 
M 
7ii. OOkepe.We 

5J? 
?}> 8P.BW 'M 

13 '"6 ".butcir Sp7l l 
It 
II 
OverhDr .4o 

J1.* 
3>i Overs Secur 

5J4 
4 
Ox'dFM.45e 

4 jr. OiarkAlrlln 

M-N-O 

P-E [tiJi.) High tow till Chg 

I! 
31 XV, lilt 29U4- J 

1o XI] 
4 
3H 
3»i— 
1* 

M 
I Wt li 
ISH + Ik 

7 
XI 
1o 
9!k 
9i!T...; 

S 
54 3S!» 2511 25)4 

4 34 13(i lii'! Ij'P l! 

712SOO »< 
B7i4 671.-4 
.. 
83- 
4\'t 
3!* 
4114- 
V. 

- . ' 21 
IV, 
111 
IV?T 1* 

3 
7 
9H !','. 9U4- H 

- 71* 
7'.4t W 
7;i 
7*4— 
'.v 

1? llli- I 

3*4 
3>.i- V, 

4 
411— V. I 

31, plit.rt1 
17? 

E9 

I'-Q-R. 

1li* 
»'* 
17V, 
16V. 
15V, 
Urt 
13V. 

Uv, 
15a 
!4'.i 
17V. 

- 
3 

13-li 
5V, 
31t 

S'.i 
5ii 
. 2V, 
4ii 

' 32't 
. 11* 

11 

• 31* 
&. 

.- 13i* 

!'•* 

141. 
»'.'• 
3'/i 

11-16 P&F IIWWI 
Ilk Pac Cst Prp 

17 
POE(fll l.SO 

141k POE pf 1.37 
144 PGRa pll.75 
1311 PO 4.«pM.X) 
I2!t PG 4.5pll.l2 
17>t PG 4.3pfl.OJ 
J6 
PG».2pf2.32 

23 
PGa.lpf2.o4 

MVj PGE 9oP}.75 
32 
PG 7.(p(1.96 

71 
PGE Ipl 2 

23H PSl.tol2.o5 

5T.t P Holdo .34 

55H PacLtp(4.72 
51 
PlcLlpf45o 

I3«k PN'wTell.17 
!9V. Pat PL pf 5 
7'A PacSavL .28 lPt Pa!l Corp 
Hi Pdlonv Finl 
4lk PaloM I.15e 

4tP<,!f7VJMI wf 

3 
PandlBrsdl 

2lk Pantasole 
311 ParaPkg .1o 
4'/, Park Ch. 36 
41. Park El .761 
Jit Parklsn Hos 
3 
ParkwyDi'S 

23 
Parsons .35e 

Ilk Pal Fash .24 

. 

1 
T/4 
« 16V. 
6 Itilt 
6 
141. 

58 
14V1 

9 
131t 

1 I21t 
6 2611 
13 
741k 

13 76 
4 lit, 
16 221, 

.. 
2 T34. 

 a 
1o 
71k 
. . 14o 56 
..il» JJVi 
1 
69 14 

..11oo 6o 
S 
55 
1311 

51 17H 

11 
73 
2 
41.Ii 

13-16 lit 

17 
161k 
141. 
131t 
J'.. lilt 
26 
23 
U'/i 
» 
7! 
73H 

7 

5514 
Jill 
131. 
5>Vi 
Itt 
161k 

IJ. 16— 1-16 

Ilk ..... 
K'.k- Ik 
161k— Ik 
I4*t ...... 
141-j-l- 1 
13 - It 
12H- "4 
76 — 't 
73 —11* 
76 + 
>.i 

22 - 
\1 

!2'.i— 
'.-, 

23H- 
Vi 

7 — It 

56 — 1 
531i+ 

19 
PaloCG .2oe 

9 
Patrick Pet 

9>i PeasE 1.75e 

 l^ PeaseEllwl 

9"iPe«ElStr 
71k PcerTu .7oa 
7lt Pemcor Inc 
21* Penri Dixw! 
!Yt PenEna .tU, 

4 
3 
4V4 

• 
19 
3H 

5 
2 
3!'4 

14 
31 
24 

32 
3 lit 

4 17? 
7 

.. 
9 
2',t 

1o 
19o I21t 

1o 133 
9'* 

6 
34 lOlt 

3 
It 

16 
26 12V. 

13 
1 
9*4 

4 
5 
3 
.. 4 
3'/( 

5 
3 
91k 

*i— W 

59li— V. 
13V, f H t 
161k— 
1. 

1**— H 
41t- H 
7- 14+1-14 
3't ...... 
21k— 
Ik 

4'.t— Ik ill- Ik 
4"4— Ik 
!W- It 
314+ 
73T. 

I>k— 
7 
— 

It 

It 

.... 

111. 1V.7— 1 
9 
9!k-f 
V^ 

1o lOli— Ik it 
*t 
. 
IH1 12V.....:; 
9'i 
51i— 
1-i 

3 
3 — Ik 

2l> 
7*4 
...... 

9 
?!i-f 
Ik 

SnUl 

 r-f IMi.) Hijhlovi 
High low 
. - 
_ 
IJii 
11 
P«nRl6 I.IS 
B 35 I1U II 
ISii 14 
PennTr.dM 
5 
1 111* Hit 

Hi 
21-4 Perob Shoe 
.. 
1 2!l 
NJ 
!t 9.li Pen iron Ind 
II 
13V, Pepeoys I 
»t iV, Pepcom .4o 
7i> 
4!* PerlnlCp .3o 
4ii 
3ik Permaiier 

7lk PWUD.53T 
1 
PMxnlxSII 

3 
PlcnP.vSI 

3V4 Pledlnd .74 
4 
Planer Pias 

5 
11 

5 x 9 o 
5 
29 

S 
IS 

4 
11 

.. 
S 
5 
3 

5 
13 

7U t'.l 
4lk 
3lk 
711 
•SM 

151 
761, 
3« 
31k 
71k 

M 
3!k 
3|6 

41k 
4 
611 
6 

3»li ?71> PIIOerMo .«) 11 131 3|« 7/H 
6« 
61'4 PltWVa .54a 
9 
25 
6rt 
SS 

MW 
711k P llwav .6» 
1o 
6 26« 74Vi 

11 
71k PluaCp A-n 
1o 2o7 11 . 
H, 

!6V. 
72'.4 PlacOI.2oa 
4 
1 731k m! 

711 
4!* Ptsnt Ifld 
11 35 
6lk 
6lt 

" 
I 
IT Pliia Group 3) 112 

4V. 
3. PlyGem/iiT 4 ' 

HI. I?' 
, 
I 
9-U 

3 
31, 
3rt 

 ij 9H 
6l'i 61k 
Ut l'/4 
|*{ 

Hi ?16Pr/BMR°H 
. 

61J 
31, Pneunxi Dv 
3 
Ilk 
IV4 Po^oron Pd 
. 

911 
7 
P«lye7»-.Mt 
5 
I2li Hi Poltmr..si 
K i«o 
111k I 

4lk 
211 Poller Insl 
.. 
41 
31.x 
3lt 
IIH 
6?i PralrleOII 
19 
T f 
7 

I31t lilt P.-all Ln* 1 7 
4 lilt 
1211 

31 
29'.4 PralLpl2.25 . 
2 3o^ Xlt 

411 lUPullKt.S 
7 
77 
4rt 
4'" 
JU 
JltPrelcorp 
2 II 
311 
5 

2111 17!. PrmHall.14 
9 1o9 
19 
191t 

Of* 
»fj fglA-M 
34 
2 
Illk 
9*.k PresRIR .IS 
31 44 

5W 
2'.i Presley COS 
5 
63 

191* 
IS"4 Preslon .7o 

61, 
3tk PrlmMt ,13e 

Prolr Inll lb 
5 
5o 

N.I 

 loll Chg. 
II — Vi lit*— I* li<+ '/. 
T'f'tt nt 
3U- ik 
311+ I* 
7i*— 
1'. 

7<» 
3£-!i ffii a 
^w— \% 

W'/vt^'J''! aw t v* 

7W— Vi a^'a 
,r-.^ 

1 +7-14 
31t 
2 — 1* ii- '.* tllf ", 
IV.- 11 

1o1k 
9li 
9H 

31k 
31. 

5 
12 16*i I5"4 

4 
9 
41k 
41t 

5 
5o 2ott 19!t 
Ulk list PrpCT1.6Je i 19 11 l» 

1o1k 
9»4 ProvO»> 9o 
7 
1) 
1o 
9« 

2!. 
Jit PrdRIE.77e 
5 
29 
]Vk 
7V4 

»V. 
4;kProdBds,.24 
4 149 
4>J 
41t 

41k 
H k P S A t n c w l 
.. 
19 31, i|l 

31k Ili PulteHmes 
9 
S 
34k 
2'i 

511 
311 PunlaGfd b 
3 
17 ilk 
41k 

4'., 
91. Purepac Lb 
13 
4 
911 
91* 

 l7'/i 
9',k PulnamS.44 
6 
U 
12W 12'i 

12'/. ll'.l Ouelxor Inc « 
77 lllk livi 

»}J 
14 = 4 Ranchrs Ex 
IS 
16 IS'.t I4H 

5511 
33V4 Ran9rOCan 95 I7I 39*. 3«'.k 

A- '«t S^Sf9 '** ' " "l'1 "'•'' 
41, 
31t R apdArn vvt 
.. . 66 
4 
3H 

5'.i 
3« Rath Pack 
4 
39 
5 
4Ii 

5>i 
4 
RayRasrcs 
7 
53 
41t 
4 

1o 
7V1 RavmPr .4o 
7 
79 
Pit 
911 
«» 
3rt P.B indwl 
6 24 
41. 
. 
3it Read:nq bid l 
4 4 

151s RcIEsl 1 4oa 11 KlO 15*4 
31 

BUY SILVER 

FROM NEVADA 

THE 

SIIVER STATE 

SPOT+4o' 

MINIMUM ORDER 

1-1oo TROY OZ. INGOT 

[PURE SIIVER-.599 FINE) 

INSURED 

IMMEDIATE 

DELIVERY 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 

(7o2)382-7111 

SILVER STATE BULLION 

31o SOUTH THIRD STREET. 

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 891o1 

REPRESENTATIVE WILL BE 

IN THE DALLAS AREA 

THE WEEK OF APRIL 15-21 
FOR APPOINTMENT CALL 

(214) 
231-8381 

19 
151s RcIEsl 1 4oa 
11 KlO 
15*4 
151t 

1311 15H RUlnT 1.71? 
7 
17 
1 oli 

"H 
4 
Rll Rl JJOe 
6 
61 1411 14 

36l< 
191. Recrlonla 
9 451 361k 33!. 
Ii. Ii, Reaves Te:c 
11 
9 p. 
Hi 
5H 
3H Refr.gTr .11 
5 41 3!, js, 

71. 
3V, ReillFd.8)e 
. 
169 
4 
311 
45!. 41 
RellFpUJa 
.. 
12 
4-]iA i, 

3olt— ii 
4 , ( lj 
3 
191k-" ii 
Olk+ ' 
9*4 
31k":": 
]5"i— 1V1 
41M 
Ik 

2o'14- li ilili lj 
94! 
2V1-"i. 
411- li lit 
JM 
..... 

41t + "'i 
"',- « 
13Vi-4- ii 

J ± lj 
I4H- '/. 
39".— HI lsv>- 11 
4 + n 
S 
41i— "v. 
91-.— !« 
411+ J{ 
3 
15H + " ii 
\"A- 
•', 
4lt- it 
34H+ 41k in " 

Sol.! 

 r.t (Kdi.) HHjMow 

 lilt fli RemAr.Ba 
Hi 
»ii9« 

 fl*RemAr.BOa i 
2o IIV. ilkRepHoin.li 
J 13 IU 

HRepAMInul .. 
42 i. 

' 
NO tin CK,. iRi? 8 

WlS ReKhCII M U Mil 
4!. Re serve OB I 11o 
7V? Reilllflx .3o 
J 
X3 
UiRnrlilnllA 
7 M 

2 
Resrlslnll D 
11 
1 

IViReilAssoc 
'« 
H. Rex Nor.141 
3H RHMtdSvc 

 lllki) 
1711 
4V. 
Sit 
21'< 
61k 

Ml RlWtt Prod 
7 
Hi Rfchford In .. lit Rlchtan .Wt .. 
71* RIcoArg Mft 47 
»iRik«Maxs .. ikRIkerMxpt .. 

12*1 Rlley Co 
5 

31V, RIoAlgni I 
) 

 fil* RlsdonM.34 
5 fit RIMFInB ,?i 13 
4 
RobJno Lad 
2 
Mil RoDlntech 
17 

 iv> Roiiin ina t 
Rockwy .BCa 
$ ii flockwNat .. .T 

14 
Rogers Corp 1} 
12 

3(1 Rcfind lull 
3 
2 

3I'4 Rollins Inll 
13 
91 

1'.'. Rortco Teltp .. 2o 
41, Rossmor Cp 
3 
16 

1'.* Rossmor \%T 
.. 
14 

2) 
Roam .14 
12 I!» 
3ii Rowlnd Inc .. IB 
81, Royal Anwr II 
3 
1*. Roy Bus .3o? .. 
1 lii RoyBch Col 
4 
8 
UlRPSProd 
.. 
1 
1'* RSCIndvsl 
8 53 

2 
Ruddle* Cp 
3'.'. Ruddle* pi 
Tl Rusco Ind 
2V, Russsks Inc 
IU Russell .4oa 
71* Rust Cfl .43 

 io 

',2 

91i Ryan Ho.2o 
1o ]W 

I'iRyerinHay 
16 
22 

S-T-U 

 i. 

24i> .... jn. Drt 
7rt 
71* 

U ,!. 
2i. 2ii lit Hi 
2lt 
II* 

4rt 
<1* nt .3? u* ii* nt tit 

!> 
U i* 7.16 

131* m. 
33U 31V) 
U fl* 

1o1* 
911 

41* 
4\* 

4o 
38*k 
I!* li* 

1oW 
MV< 

17' 
1l'.l' 

4i* 
41. 

4\* 
4 lit lit 

51* 
511 
Hi 
IV. 

24 
23 

" 
& 

. . II* 
2'.'1 
21. 

2'.* 
2'.* lii 
I'.I 

I'/l 
IV, 

4'.i 
4 
II* I 

Bit 
BC* 
7ii 
TV. 

15'/4 
14 Vi 

 is 

Hi— H 
2ii- Ik 
Uk— Ik llkt Ik 
41k- 
Ik 

Jilt- 
V 
1! 

Jii ut+ ik 
Ilk f H 

7k 
SHI-IS 

13 - 
»1 
3»i- 1>» f^!— 4k 

Hit 
Vi 

 lOVt— ^ 

 i.t-1-14 
H'.V- 5> 
41»— '.k 
4 
H*— V. 
Sit— Ik 
Ui 

!3'.— l'.i 
7'..- \> 
$:>- « m 
21k— '.* 
2'.k -I '.'. 
Hi— 
V, 
!».,..lr 

 j'i- U 
«1, 
7'i- '.* 
14H— 4k 

I^^ t 
','« 

31'.. Sdb:ne k .4o 
4M Sjflra.lSyA 
8''4 SUohnsT -« a 
Sale-^ .271 

1o 
Sambos Rsl 
5'. SCarlo l.lte ll'i sole G pf I 
11 
SDItGpl.fO 

34 
San JW 2.26 

1't SanllBS Svc 

2 
SargefiMnd 

3^k Salum Alrw 

3rt Sa"o/lml' ill Schwul .»e 
2>.'» Schlck Inc 
P'k Schiller Ind 
2 
5ci Wol .Ote in Sclent Allan 
8'.i Scope Ind 
12 
Scoflys .o5 

2o'* Scurfy R&n lUi Sea conl.w 
J'i Sealeclr Cp 
9.14 Sea pod Cp 
4 
Setprlpl.H 
51'* Srarslnd .44 
5 
Season All 

3 
Sec MM.ISC- 

41k Sec Plaslin 

 li 51 
4 
33 

4 
13 

11 x» 
18 4H 
8 
3o 

•ai 
U3 

13'/> 
91* 
111. 
11 
37'^ 
I 

I , 
7V. 

2*4 

3I1.. 'Jll.— 2'.. 
4'.i 
4'i— 
3* 

1)V. llrt- ", 

•" tVf-t 
It 

'ik im- 

6 Xi3 
5 
52 
2o 
.. 14oo 
4 
35 

5 
4 

3 644 
S 
2 

13'. 
131. 
27V, 

II - '/I 

37". 37',i— '.'. 
',. 
?*)- I* 

211 
2',^— 
'.* 

4'.t 
4!*— '.'. 

7J* 
71.— 
?k 

4Vi 
4!k— '.'. 

714 
7!. f !i 

24* 
2V.-f 
^* 

2!t 
2!*- 
'.k 

8'k 
»lk- '< 

9!k 
ID - '/. 

12 
12 — lii 

?71. 
771k— '/i li!* I7!i+ 
>.t 

2'/i 
2>i— '.•. 
3i 1516-1-3-16 

4'/t 
4'/i- '.i 

5>1 
Stfc— 
1* 

5'1 
514- '-. 

3 
4 
— ,'/4 

51i 
SA*- 1* 

'wisa?* 
3i riMS 
1: 

3i»IOi(C.ill 
.. mi §o Sepll.7o ,. 

1)H ShnOpiUi .7 7 2W 
I4lk Snif»tf VW I n IIV. 
211 Shopwdlln 
7 
17 
31, 

H* Showbol .6o 
4 
39 131* 

21. SnulniTr En .. 
5 
3v. 

4 
SlerractaCp II 
6o fin iv> snco m ,2ta i i 1o 
5 
Sloma .371 
5 
5 
5!* 

3ik SlkeiCp .2o 
15 
7 
4H 

31* Slmc S I .21o 
1 
3 
3 

« !! 

«'.* Slmklni.4o 
1 
Sim Sen.W« 
3!. Slmplxl .311 , .. lilt Simple-* Wr 
14 113 lit Sllkln SrhRI i I 
o 
Sky City -491 
S 
2 lit SMD Ind 
4 
7 

3'.'. Solllron .o6 
.. 
152 

8 
Sender BrSc 
4 
95 

7V. Sorg Pa .lie 
4 
3 

81. Sound*!! .4o 
3 4B 
'S lyjtca .Ba i» ! 

Jit— V. 
»v,f (* 
Jill V* 

'5?*i S 
1o1JI+ 
1. 

«.V>i 
1o + V. 
J)» 
4'.i+ I* 
1!*- Ik 
Irt 

_Jprt.?o 

15'.) SC 5.&PI 1.45 
.. 

15 
SCS.5pll.» 
.. 
I3U SC i.7pll.lS .. 
12?* SC 4.3pl I.OB 
. 

12V. SC 4.2pf l.M 
.. 
I2i* Isc 4.oPI 1.o] .. 
.414 Sou Real LI 
VI 

More 

\ «W 

21 17 
« 151'. 

4 
14^* 

5 HI. fi 13". i mt 

3j(* SoO ffoV'.iT 
JO 
33 3!lk 

3^4 Specify Rest 
3 
42 4^ 
3'i Spec'or Ind 4 » 8 
2li Spectro.H 
S xI3 
3 

2>i SpedOP .951 
15 
4 i'.k lii Spelimn Ind 4 " "• 
2 
SpencCo.3JI 
3 
71.* spenc F .oee 2 
7'/. Splenlex.72 
4 

7'.* SSP Ind .25« 
4 

 lO'/. S1dALIia.-K 1 
5 
IV. STd Conlalrw 
4 

14',* stdCoosaT I 4 
IMiSnt Dreoge 

4 
StdDreag PI 
3'.'. Sid Meta.s i'/4 STd.VotA .42 
6 
I'.i SldPac Corp 3 

13'.'4 Sid Prod I 
I'.i SldPrudv.1 
IMk Sid Shrs .i4l 
14 
SldThsm.45 

13 
Slanoe .2o 

4 itanlyAvIa ... . l'/i Stardust Inc 11 58 
J 
»v. SlarrlHo .33 i 
3 9i 
5»i SlateSL .3oh 
3 
2 
6' 

 lO'/i Slalham In* 
1? 84 15^ 

3V. Slelrrsl Ir^: 
7 
21 
S' 
3"j Slelber Ind 
7 1} 
3: 

ISVi Slepn Ol .34 
9 
3? 
17: 
'.. Slerl Electr 
5 15 I' 

11* Slerl Ext .1o 
8 
5 
21 

2*. sterlPre .151 
5 57 
3 
7ii Slcrndent 
6 4i 
7: 

21k Stevcokrll 
J 
; 31 

14'.* strm Drl .a .. 
SB 14 

4Vi STP Cp -5oc 
83 
4o 
SI 

!? 

2 IS'.i 
. 24 1!. 
..11oo 
SV. 

" 
?»' IS 

3, ,f 
22 
14* 

14 lf'4 

 xlO 1! 

I/ 
» 17?'. 

4 
21. Srtia.llc/ i 1 

63 
411k Syntex .4o 
77 111 
'.8 'KiBffifW? .'? • -« -*•- -1---W 
I] 
1oH T«ltyB.»Sr 
7 mi II 
11 

: H> 
!* TechSym 
.. 
S7 Uk 
Uk Uk- '/. 
II. 
4V, TKhcl Optr 
5 
17 
S 
4ii 
41*— \\ 

I'.k N-ltTechcl Tape 
31 
U IS li 
I* IS li 

2!k 
2 Technllror 
1 22 Mi 2ik ") - I* 
IJI1) » 
TflcoR X-a II 
59 23M 21!* H'.it Itk 

S(t 
51* TelCom .1oe 
4 
11 
5Vj 5ii 
5!'4— V. u« 11". Temiex .iil 4 I 12»i I2'A IIW— !* li* Telex Cpwt .. -5i 
11* in Hk- \* 

•ikTennacorp .. 16 1 lii 
Kit 1* 

~ 6 
$?* 
2'/k 
2ik— \* 

.Hlex.iil 
2(i li* Telex Cpwt r.1 
Uk Tenna Corp 

31-1 m Twwr Cp 
- 
_ ... 
... 
_.. 
)2'/. HVtTeradynlivT 
14 n 11!* M;i w.— it 

IS 
IJ 
TetoroPlnt .. 
315 U 
12 
13rt+ !'.» 

12!k 
(It Texailnt Co 2o 72o " 
"' 

M 
541'4 TxPL pf'.Si 

4 
2t* Texslar j 

14 
IIV. Textron wt 
3U 
24i TFl Co Inc 
7 

•<!•< 
4 
ThOfClMk! 
.. 

1o)k 
7"4 Thrllml.o5> j 
3ii 
UJTItocHIInd 
.. 

7>k 
4V> Tlllany .2o 
5 
Uii 
4V4 Tlmpte .3oe 
4 

51* 
31* Tllmirt Opt 
12 
2!ii It'.kTMCMlJirc .. 
IU 
5?. Tokhe.Vn.2o .. 

ISO 

7H 

1 81.'. 
5'.* ToppsOu.2o 
7 X35 
. -. 
. 

13V. 
1o'^ forln Cp .5o 
5 
2 llii II» in.— '.i 

 lo1*6M6TolairelNA 
9 1 1 7 9 3 1 6 
B'. 
8'4-7-li 

2IV4 
14 
Tolalpl.7o 
.. n llik 
IB 
IB — 
'/I 

3!* 
2it TwnCnt .o5p 
17 
35 
211 
2V, 
JH-V It 

5 
4 
Tmor Inc 
4 
27 
4lk 
4 
41*+ tt 

3".k 
2 
Trans Lux 
.. 
13 
3V. 
2!* 
3 — '.i 

IV> 9.HTrnsalr .Ole 
.. 
12 
IIS 
U> l'/.l 
(k 
4!. 
3'.k Trea*v .2)1 
5 
13 
3!* 
3*k 
3'.i+ 
V. 

B 
S 
TrISIMIr .24 
5 
27 
7!. 
7>.', 
7121 5 

I7.H1 15-16TubOSM.22! 7 18 
21* 
2H l'i-3 li 

4I.V lit TLlleo Corp 
.. 
14 
4 
3!. 
4 |. I 

1o1. ilt Turtodyne 
27 7 

IB li 
Turp.r C 1.23 
5 
6 iii 
41* TrtlnFa'r In 3 253 

 wi 

 lltUIPCp.OM 
5 
83 fit UQasLId .U II 
3 
9V. 
. 
Unmvesi.eo 
4 
> 7n 

15!k 
I 
UnaTr2.J!5 
4 299 9!-i 

7»t ilt UnA Pr .4oa i 
1o 7'.. _ 

3'/i 
2ii Un Asb Inc 
9 129 3 1-1i 2 13 16 

H'4 
1 
UnBrandv.l .. 218 
I'/. " 

141/! 
12V. UnCosF .45 
7 i 
13'., 

4 
2!. UDOIIrS.OSe 
3 
II 
3It 

2'/i l>i Unll Foods i 2o4 21t 

 t'A m UnWalCorp .. « 
2'-t 
I! 
8H UnrJalpl.ft .. 
37 91* 

7V> 
5'/. UnP Dye .33 .. 
H 
5i'i 

25V. 
2o 
U5DBn2.49e 
K) 
15 2l^i 

 iii 
6><- l!ii 17 — '.'4 
4!* 
5 — '.* 

IV. 
IV.— I* 

9'.i 9'i- Vi 
7ii 
74i 

8 
( — Vj iii 
7!* t '.* 

1 16 2! l- 
'/. 

I'.k 
H* 

13'.* 
13'.*— ii 

1* !»? S 

1o1'. 
7H US Fill .1o: 
8 

17V, 12« USLSR 1.B2C 11 
IV. ll-ti USLMR wl 
3«i 
2V. USNalRsrc 
3 

4ii 
31* US Radium a ll'i 
9>.i US Reducln lilt llii Unity Buy S 

3 
2 
UnlvCI.OSb 
5 
II. 
1 
UnivConlrr 
2B ilj 
4Vj LWv Resrca 45 i!t 
4!* Unlv Sav .2i 3 

18 
14V. UrlsDIdawt 
.. 

17 
Bii 

23 IS1. 
49 IS-li 

Sit 
5V 

211, 
31VIt- V. 

 isv; isii- i-. v. 
?* 

J 
J? 
J 
2V. 
I'/*— 1* 

B ' 27 
3ik 
3'/4 31*-!- 
'.* 

5 
12B 14ii 12it !3'/.-l- \t 

9 
13 
I54i lin 
I3=*i-t- 
..-4 

4 
2V. 
21* 
2t* 

3o 
11'. 
I'A 
I'.*- 
1/4 

 n 
4tt 
4>f, 
4V1— V. 

X) 
5'/4 
4!i 
5 - Vi 

14 
17'/« 17ii 17^i-f. '.* 

 anies Givin, 

"No comment, But 

 don't quote me on that, because 

 tomorrow it may be inoperative." 

For many years, this was tin.1' 

 attil.icle of publk-ly held cor- porations about ruveulinj,' in- formation, and now. happily enough, the attitude is 

 breaking down rapidly. 

For roughly the last half- 

 decade, the situation has lx?en somewhat schizophrenic in that companies hiivc been required 

COLD 
' 

.1III3CC.9 

SIVVIH tur sui 

Wt.-K 111 IK 

J.UUIItCl li.lilCS 13.1MMJ 

Monlh]r Coin Pragrtvm—W« Kuv 

COLONIAL COINS, 
INC. 

777 Travli Park W.H Blda. 

Lo put data in a public 

 document, the 1o-K report to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, but they were not required to publish the infor- mation elsewhere. 

During these years, many, if 

 not most, publicly held com- panies put infonnaliun into IJie 
1U-K which they did not put in flic annual report. 

And some companies which 

 should have known liettcr got a little huffy ahnul the informa- tion in that 1o-K. General Mo- tors told a reporter two years ago that if he wanted a 1o-K, he could go In Washington In Ret it. 

Now. the SEC lias suggested 

(hat companies make their 1o- 

K statements available to shareholders beginning next year. This year, companies such as U.K. Goodrich. Marcor. 

Du Pont and Firestone arc telling shareholders thai the report is available. 

Firestone tells shareholders 

 the report is available "for a reasonable charge," but, "we haven't been charging 

 anything," said an executive of 
Die company. , 

General Motors is charging 

S5 for its 1o-K, a stale of affairs prompting one auto industry analyst lo remark, "They've gol to be making a profit on it. 
It can't cost (JM five bucks lo provide it." 

A few companies are sending 

Iho 1o-K Lo shareholders. 

For Anixler Bros., Inc., 

Chicago, (he Ift-K ilself serves as the annual report, with a little additional information on the front and back covers. 

For the last Iwo years, 

Browning-Ferris Industries, 

Now-NBC Offers 

On 4-Year Certificate 

With Confidence, 

Effective Immediately, NBC otters you 71A% annual 
Interest, compounded quarterly, or paid quarterly It desired, on 4-year Certificates of Deposit of $1,ooo or rnore. Look what your money can earn for you: 

Amount of 

Certificate of Deposit 

$ 1,ooo.oo 

$ 5,ooo.oo 

$1o,ooo.oo 

$15,ooo.oo 

$2o,ooo.oo 

$25,ooo.oo 

Amount Paid 

Quarterly It Desired 

$ 18.12 

$ 9o,62 

$181.25 

$271.87 

$362.5o 

$453.12" 

Value at 4-Year 

Maturity II 

Allowed to Compound 

$ 1,332.96 

$ 6,664.81 

$13,329.6o 

$19,994.41 

$26,659,23 

$33,324.o5 

I) your savings era not now earning T.We, and you can lake advantogs., of tha 4-YMr CertHIca(» OF Depoill, now l« the tlmo! If you would like " 
NBC to Iranaler your savings for you, we can help wMh details . . . wherever your money mlgh< be. Pleaia call 225-2511 for any further 
Informallon, or come to Ihe bsnlf. P«rk tra« hi our flar«a«, H you havs ever looked for a good roaaon lo Hart banklna with NBC — Ih.i'ls It. 

(Fill 

Confident about the future. 

National Bank of Commerce of San Antonio 

_ . 
. _ 
, 

Fedottl <tn tnd mjulnion prohibit tha piymiM ol"» llmi tlepoili fitirir lo miiutliy 'unlost ihi o> Interest lhantn Is loifenett snd Moron on Iht tmotinl wlUvfmwn It rtftvcud In It* ptuhonk 

Houston, lins hound Ihe 1o-K into tlie uiiiuial rciwrl. "We've had excellent response, par- ticularly from the financhil 
(-•o 
.unity," said Den (lilies- 

 pie, the company's public rela- tions director, who prepares the report. 

At many publicly held cor- 

 porations, there arc long- standing bailies raging 

 between public relations 

 executives who want more in- formal ion released, and finan- cial executives who do nut. 

Husli-Hush 

For many years, the ar- 

 gument of the hush-hush crowd has been, "We dnn't want lo give information to (lie coiniic- tition." This is nut only a fa- tuous argument, but an insult lo the intelligence nf business: in most industries, companies know a lot more about their competitors than they could get from a 1o-K. 

In fact, industrial espionage 

 is a thriving business, and while it's regrettable that companies sloop lo illegal means In gel informalinn, it's a sign that conipelilion is alive and rasing—and all lov many economists, particularly of the 
Keyncsian stripe, claim that it isn't. 

An executive of Marcor, who 

 is fighting for more disclosure, said, "Some of our people feel i|iiitc strongly thai cerlain in- formation shouldn't be 

 published because it would be valuable In the conipelilion, and (here is <i great degree nf validity to (he argument. 
However, after yon talk with them, they admit Ihal Hie competition certainly must have the information, but they conclude, 'Why make it easy for them?'" 

One of two major wings of 

Harcnr is Montgomery Ward, 
Hie big retailer, and the exccu- live said, "Let's face it. A lot of our top executives have come here from Scars and I'onnevs. 

They knuw the pattern." 

"Companies are falling back 

 less on the argument that the competition would glean infor- maliiiii—Ilicy realize that ponple are sophisticated 

 enough to know that this isn't a valid argument," said Ned 
Raynolds, vice president of Hill 
& KnowlIon, \ew York, Ihc largest public relations 

 agency.. 

Change 

"But many don't want lo 

 change. On balance, 1 would say that in our differences with clients over disclosure, we have been reasonably successful, although we liaven'l got every client to do everylhing we say." 

Said Rnynolds, "What's good 

 for meeting disclosure 

 requirement!.: is gimrt for public relations." 

The ne\l step is for (he SRC 

In lighlen up those 

 requirements. Tor the sad facl is Ihal, as the reporter snoop- ing into OM found when he got its 1o-K, it wasn't word) a nickel, much less five bucks. 

GM had been pentiiltcd lo 

 say Ihal more than 9o per cent of its business was in just one line—transportation equipment 
.:—and much more than the annual report. 

Thai was Iwo years ago, 

 however, and it has recently been noted on Wall Street ilia! 
GM is among a group of com- panies to be praised for liberal disclosure, and that's welcome news. Aiming others so praised were (icneral Electric, Dr 
Pepper, 
Continental Oil, 

Singer, Texas Instruments and 
Xerox. 

Hopefully, that list will be 

 expanding rapidly. 

NEIFJOBS 

More than 5 million new jobs 

 have come into existence since 

1971. according to Tax Founda- 

 tion, Inc. 

ARE 
YOU 

NEXT? 

A burglary is commitfed every 15 seconds! 

And the odds now arc one in five that your home will be burglarized in the next 12 months! 

Thieves like to operafe under the cover of darkness and silence. Now there's a simple way whereby you can thwart their operations. 

You can simply turn on an Infrared sensor beam system each time you leave your home. 
It's as easy as turning a key in a lock . . . but immensely more reliable. No larger than a radio, this remarkable now system can set off a siren that can bo hoard throughout your neighborhood. 

Installation icso easy, you can sol It up your- self in.a matter of'minutes.. Priced remarkably low. See it at Dillard's Control Park storo. 
Telephone 341-5151. 

WHAT THE STOCK MARKET DID 

This Prev. Year years week week ago. .«eo.. 

Advance! 
«5 
J94 
TI45 
HU 
Txllnoi 
1113 
1167 
598 
B5J 
Jnchanotd 
242 
213 
196 
179 

Total Issues 
1959 1984 1959 194o 
1 
-- 
-- s, ul> 

332 
19! 

 oa ssues 
TJ, 

Mew yearly hlglis .... 39 
New yearly lows .... 353 

NEW 
YORK(AF>|-Thf lolloping 
111 

 shows the jlocks thai have gcrK; up the' most and down the most baled on percent cl cha-igc on Ihc New York 
$tock Encharce regardless of volume. 
Ncl and percentage chances arc the dllforenc* belween last week's closlny price and INs week's closing price. 

Lasl!!k 

 v-w-x 

' 

31* 
111* 

.LlnD ill vanoc-rn -3o 
3'i VaVo IIK 
7l> vwcolni.14 
I 
VerU Indull 

1W Vwnllron 
I'.i Vltlechlnc 
1 vlewlix 
4ii viking OHil 

Ilk V.lu 

SlkWabMag.lO 
6lk Wacknt .!«> 
111 WadclEq .M 
7llWa9nrEl.45 fr. 
3V4 
II 
.IS'.i l3^"WaIccS'74o 

2 
U-liWirdFOlwl 

) l>. Mams Co 

141* nil WaiPsie '.5o 
•• 
UikWashRll.M 

.' H ,8} ,li) i«i K 
. $ ^ m ».....,.. 

"4 ,'! iSJ 
7<i 

7f. -7H 
»> 
V." 
'Vf>~ 
'-> 

I 
ISV. IS'.'. 
IsV'.t 

U lit 
Ht 
Ilt— 

17 «. 
11* 
24k... 

H 

3>tI 
IS-IS 

..- waiico irvc 
2!» Wflman Co 
3'.* wetdTuAm 
3f.'* Wellco .We 
?'., WestdiP .72 
2it Wesltls PM 

Vi Wcslby Fsh 

31 
21 
VI 

\ \ i«.jR 
:igig 

11 7 un n n - n 

143 117 
2!> 
!11 
2 * 1 
V. 
"- 
H J.li 
" 

I 
12 

? J 

2l'W 
221* 2!ii( '.i 

'4 mi 
I3tk— li 

41* 
4i» 
41k~ Ik w V&T - 

 iii 

 it Wslrn O.'bll lit WstPac I wt 
IV, Wcslrtn Ind 26 lii 
7>i WMppny.« "II 

. . 1 WtillefialCo 

2o 
15 
WMIJ™ 1.4o 

1116 ttWMItakrwl 

V/i lit Wlchlla Ind 

41*1 
2". WlllcxGIbb 

Alt i1.'. WmhOui .74 
7ii 
55. WllShrO .o5e 

.»> 
3 
WilxmBr.X 

\ 

- li 
.12 
7o 
41 

 j 
M 

4 
!>9 

51k WinKimn .4o 
4 

Ilk 

5l'A WIsPpH.SO 

71* WOIIHB.M 
4V* WD1v Ind -33 
6'-* Wocd In ,721 
B 
WCrctt ConT 

7 WwK Wr .6o 
4H Wra.her Cp 
IM61 IS-HWrigTi! Har 
. 4V4 
3 ' WTC Alf .1o 

]J ink WUI In 7* 

. 4>* 
2^* WylcLftb .» lli'i f 
Wynn Inll 

-13 
9'i WymBn .M 

 y.j 
Ilk Wyorrvlslivj 

.. 137o 
5 "! 
S 
I 

4 
14 

155 25 
. H3 
.. il 

» 
52 

5 i4 

4 
89 

9 
74 
II 119 

Y-Z 

 iit 
3it 
3',4 
7'.* l'-i 

52 

31*^i 
Ml* 
Bit 
7!l 
2'.| 
31* ll'i 
4V< 
9i* 

11V. 
3Vi 

•-» 
• p'.t yu— Vj 

V,* 
21*—'.. 

UV. ll'.i-f !. lilt 
1U»T 
V4 
Sii 
5',«- '.* 

31* 
11* 

U 
IBHf 
4t 

V* il 

2 
I'.k f 
V. 

4 
4 
— 
V. 

7!* 
7'.'.— 1* 

A1.* 
6V.— 
U 

3i*-''''.» 
58--- 

3 
3it 
71* r.* 
5lrt 52 - 
I'.-! 

3 
3 - 1 - 
V. 

5>4 5!. I 
V. 

4>i i'.- 

1o 
1o — It 

SV, 
»i,*— i* 

7'A 
7>i+ 
'.. 

21* J 3 li- I'. 
31* 
3>.i— 
1'4 

Hit 
11V.— it 
3!i 
4 — 
1/4 

J'/. 
B!l— V. 

IH* 
Hit— I* 

3'/4 
3V|4- 
1. 

1341 I41/. Yales Ind 
7 
62 15 
14Vi 
1411— It 

5V< 
3>tZcroMIO 
7 
34 
4V. 
4".i 
4'i 

4V( 
2V. ZlmHOm .24 II 
Z5 
4V< 
4lk 
411+ 1. 

WEEKLY AMERICAN STOCK SALES 

Tolal lor week 
7,135,oo5 

'«MX ago 
1.779,36o 

 roar ao;o 
IS.SK.WS 

Jan 1 to date 
:...-.. 161.311,496 

If 13 1o Hato 
247,o24,55o 

Leaders 

NEW YORK 

Yearly 

HlQh 
Low 

2IVj 
18 

36'* 
27'/» 

53 
475. 

(API-Week's hventy mi 

17V. 
3?!t 
36 ik 

 ft'' 

4V. 

15?. 
55'/, 
4AV. 
371* 

15V, 
761k 
231-1 
2Uk 
1BV. 
31. 

35V. lilt 
45 It 
36 
27 ti 

Con GdlS 
SldCCI Cal 
Am TelS.Tcl 
Tsrtdy Corn 
Soutt-ern Co 
Texaco Inc 
Te«asoulf 
InlTetTcl 
Wcslgh El 
Am 18,1 wt 
I.. 

Disney W 
Wsln Union 
Gcrt Motors 
Cillcorp 
Kr«p« SS 
FstWtae Inv .. 
Coajisi Oas 

 osl active stccxs. week's 
Sales 

.... 423.4oo 
.... 
377,8oo 
78lfc 

.... 
313,K)o 

.... 
7W.6M 

.... 
297,4o3 

.... 
292,1M 

.... 
773,1o3 

.... 
766.XO 

... 
.'< 358,9oo 

254,3oo 

.... 
749,1o3 

.... 339.o)o 
.... 337.ooo 
.... 
377.4oo 
227,ooo 

.... 
213,5oo 

.... 
7o4,1o3 
.... 
197.1oo 

.... 
193.oo) 
192,5oo 

Hi o.1 

 av, 
75 
15','. 
79 
32>k 
22'.1 
19U 
31t 

SOVi 
431k 
3o'i 
SI. 
SVj 

MVi 
33J.'. 

Ncl 

Low 
Close 
Chg. 

IB 
I8V'4 — ii 

27 Vi it 
— Vi 

4S'/4 
— V. 

!3'.S —2 
15Vi — i* n 

SS 
11*4 
3V. 

7V1 
«V| 
21V. 

7Blt —r 

5o 
4IV. 

6ov! 
-H'A 

NEW YORK IAP!--WMk'5 ten American i 

Uw 

43ik 
Syntex Ccrp 

31* 
Chairp Horr.e ... 

11 
Giant Yell 

32i* 
Housl OII8\M ... 

3'/4 
Nal Klnr.ey Cp . 

IPV, 
RcicBrch Colt ... 

22«/4 
CooV Indus .... 

4 
Marlntfgque B . lit 
GC4c"flcld Cp .... 

We«'i 
Sales 
741,(3o 
17o.BOO 
156,3oo 
13o.WO lli,2oo 
M7.9X1 
9i.OOO 
85.JOO 

• 77,ooo 
I 72.ooo 

Averages 

71k 

2IV> 
JJlt 

Net 
Uw 
Close era. 

421* 
47',* 
+2 

41. 
4',* — 1/4 

KJi 
Mlt -n 

$ 
TJ J ?J 

(it 
9 
-ii 

53 
34B 

N.Y. 
Slocks 
43,IBB,723 

II.Y. Bonds 
155 Mi1.ooo 19o76,1Xo 

A-nerlcan Slocks 
7,133,o55 
15,514 935 
Anwlcan Bonds " 
'^^'-'-IV? 

MldwMt srccks 

WMkW'Ngmber o) Trades Itluet " 
N.Y. stocls 
195? 

N.Y. 
Bonds 
1129 
American Slocks 
1259 

American Gongs 
12o 

, . 

2,77o.ooo 

WEEK IH STOCKS AND BONDS dlMrinq give* 1he rajiae of Dow.Joncs cloilng averages lor lh« w«v. 

STtlCK AVERAGES 

. ^ 
Mrsl 
HigH 
Low Last 
Nel Ch. 

Inds 
o3?.76 lil.&t tn.U IU 81 —2 JJ 

 s lai.ai IW.3! 
111.21 1H.21 -2» 

 s 
M.o5 
H o9 
67.16 
«7.3* —I M 

45 Stks 26J.57 2H.OI 
2M.52 2«.t4--2?1 

BOND AVEBAOES 
« Bonus n.tl 
JS.M 7o.88 
MSS —OB 

SIRR1S1.31 5V3I 
51.24 SI.27 ^o13 

2nd RRs 67.a 
CI Si 
67 S3 67 33 —S' s 

Ullls 
67.5o 
17.77 l,.% t,", ^%$ 

Indusl 
77.53 77.53 
77.17 77.1; —o61 

Inc Relit tl.H «.93 «.7J 49.73 -{i.tl 
NEVf'YtlR'K'tAPl—SIlndlM «nif Pwr'l 
WKkly SOO Slock Index: 

High 
Lew 
Cloie N.C. 

4T5 IrutltSlrlalS M3.« 1o2.96 1o3.12 —.«» 

15 iJallrcndi 
«.6o a.H «.« —.61 ia uiiiiiiH un «.?5 u.n —62 

5oo Slocks 
93.61 92o3 f2.lt1 —.Vt 

Ups and Downs 

Name 

1 Criadbrn pf 
2 Lehvallnd 
I CNA FlrJ 
4 Fliner Scl 
5 Reich Chcm 
6 cnarlcr Co 
7 GolcflVt Fin a Joy Mia 
» Mlold Ross 
K> S««lraln Lin 
11 CoirtQrn Inv 
12 Lchvel pi 
13 Hlon Volt 
H Wrtcelplf SH 
15 Nycor Corp 
16 Philips Irii 
17 Nalomas le Surro Mln 
19 Goodrich 
2o Kallr Alum 
71 Thorn Ind 
11 Ckclden Pel 
73 Tropjcana 
21 MtruHSvp 
25 Slrlde Rile 

Name 

1 Divers Mlge 
2 Woods Cp 
3 Chadbm Inc 
4 GIAm Mlg 
5 ICN PTiarm 
6 v[A«adg Co 
7 Pctrolarrt pi 
I Conl Mint 
» Camp Rlk 
1o Walklns Jhn 
II MatMu M'g 
13 Soulhdwn 
13 Intent Sir 
N Mlisn Eqvlt 
15 FSIWIS WO 
16 Guardn vig 
17 Bgi.1 5.5oP, 

19 Ef|ullLte M 
JO Allwn Inc 
21 A V.cdkcrp 
?2 Roiarlo PCS 
7) DakerOllT 
V Helme Proa 
'.S Cavng Com 

Net 

+ 
'A Up 

^ lik UP 

Pet. 

Up 
23.5 
1' 2o.o 

- . -^ 
I4.J 
M» + I 
Up 
15.1 

U 
+ lit 
Up 
14 3 
3oi. 
-I- 31* uj 
13 J 

12 
+ lii Up 
12.9 

4]>.i 
+ 4'.i 
Up 
17.S 

121* + li* Up 
12.5 i _i* Up 

16 
9V. + I Up 
- 
+ 1!i as 

8S ll'.k 
5'/4 
411k 
" 

-I- 
'•-* 

+ I'i 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

- Up 

+ IV. UP t ilt Up 

B4i 
4- ii Up 

DOWNS 
L»St 
NM 

Mi* 
— 2i* Off 
— IV, Oil 
-3 li OH 
— lit Olt 

1oUV. 
7iit 

1o11 
13.16 
12 

Hk — 

23V 

' 

. 

— 
?. 

— I4M 
— 41.', 
- 3V, 
— J'.i 

Oil 
Oil 
Olf 
"HI 

HIm 

9.4 
9.4 
9.5 
9.4 

Pet. 

2o.2 
!K 
17.9 

Ofi 
CHI 

. - O f l llii - IV. CHI 
Bii — nt o1* 
15',* -2it Olf 
9o 
—1311 Oil 

1311 - I 
Oil 

I7i4 — 31* Oil 
3V, — '/, Off 
2il - It Ofl 

43 
— 61* 
Ofl 

25V, 
— 3'/> Ofl 

9'.1 - I'A OH 
1!. — '/. CHI 

Dollar 

TOHUMO) Shareslhds) Lai 

NEW YpHK (AP1-TM lollowlnfl II 
Jll of Ihls week's mosl acllvo slocl 
Saltd on the dolur vofume. 

Tho tolal Is based on Ihe^rnedlan prl' 

 shAres Iradi 

Name 
IOM 
East Kodak 
Haillburtn 
Am Tel8.Tel 
Doma Mine 
C*cn AAotort duPonl 

Dfsnty v9/ 
Montinlo 

. S29.II3 

'. SI5Ji5 
. 113.413 

! ilo71 
. <I1,44I 
. 11143? 
. 111.419 

!>» ioeo 
3135 

771 

2373 

M2 
117o 

1925 

M9V 

NEW YORKIAPI-The lollowlna list lows IT* slocks Ihal ave gone up Ihe 

!OSt and down Ihe most based on 
.jrcenl of chanoe on Hie American 

 lock Exchange regardless ol volume. 
Ncl and pcrcenlage changes ar* Ihe 
Ifcrcr.ce between last week's closlna 
-Ice and this week's closl™ price 

UPS 
LaslI 

Name 

PJara Grp 
. Gavnar S'at 
3 DCL 1nc t Aiha Waldo 
5 Ero iMtusi 
'/• Eltxi Resell 
R S«lporl Q> 
9 Stardusl lot 
o Goodrich wl 
1 BroOarr In. 
2 Gen Eoiplv 
) Llberli/ Pab 
4 PalornM wl 
5 Contpo IrxJ 
6 Barclay In 
7 Burgess Ind 
I Schiller end 
9 Ctrtron 
1o RIWCT prod 
H Brev;er Lid 
12 Rccrlon Cp 
J Cdwl M wl 
34 Eloci Eng 
35 Gen Cinema 
26 RIKcr MX Pf 

Name 
I Sulr M wt D 
1 FslVflMI wl 
.1 Vlewlex 
4 |CC V.lg Inv 
5 E* ecu lone 
6 Vlstec 
Inc 

7 Barlel i\5pd 
8 Infllglil Svc 

 wt 

II 1 

+7.1S Up 
+ 
'.l Up 

(3-14 Up 
2ii 
4- il Up l'/4 
4- ',* Ua 

 r.'n 
-f il 

1514 +314 

2 
» 
»l 
4'i 4- 
V. 

IVi 4- 
V, 
__ 

 lit 
4- 
1* Up 

7 it 
4- it Up 

7-16 
4-1-14 
Up 

11*4 
4- 1» Up 
2i» 
4- il Us 
"' 
J- il Uo it Up 
V* 
Up 

BS 
UP 
Up 

43.B 
37.5 
29.4 

25.o 
23.1 
22.i 
2o.o 
167 
16.7 li.7 lit 
15.B 
15. B 
15.8 
15.1 
15.4 
14.6 
14 i 
14.3 
143 
14.3 
U.3 

Infllglil 
AlfilCei 

15-11 . .. „,, 

3'. + 
V, Uo 
I3j.i 
4- P', Up 

34i* 
4- 41* 
Up 

3 
4- 
V. 
Up 

1o 
+ IV. Up 

11 
+ lik Up 

Vl 
11.16 Up 

DOWNS 
Lasl 
Hcl pci. 

I* 
— V. 
Otf 
38 4 

'/, —314 OK 

I 
— It Oil 

< 
— IV. OK 

4V. —21* Oil lit — Vi Oil 
I'A - it Oil 
':' - * Qii 

27.3 
27.3 
23.1 
73.6 
215 
23.1 
22.2 

1o HospMtfl v., 
., — ., i.., 

11 Harvey "cr 
I'.* _ vl o 

2Tech4ym 
I'.. _ 
>A oil 

13 Un Conla n 
V.* 
— ... Qn 

14 VlkOi Iri i'/, - 
'', o 

15 Armac Ent 
7Vi — »t oil 

1( Golden Cyel 
25i, - m Otl 

17 Lake Shore 
6'.k - 1'i Ofl 

IJOorgm, wl 
51i -1.14 Ofi 

19 Dero Ind 
V* — 't oil 

7o Hall Bell H 
It — li Off 

31 Nelly Don 
2'/i — V, Oil 

71 PNDM1R wl it _ v; o 

23 POlOron Pd 
IV, _ 
./, X 

24 Hep Mlg wl 
H — '•, S 

25 WMIO FBSH 
Ik _ 
•,* ffl 

. w.o 
18.2 
11.7 
11.2 
112 
17.8 
17.3 
161 
167 
167 
16.7 
16.7 
IS.7 
16.7 
117 
16 7 

.coders 

AMIIICAN 

NEW YORK (AP)-The (ollavilng Ii a 
Hit ol INs weth'j mosl acllve slochs b«cd on Ine dollar volume. 

The total Is bated on Ihe median price 

 ol Iht itocii iradM mulilplltd bv Iho shares traded. 
• 

Name 
TolKTOOl Shartilhth) Lail. 
Svnlrx Corp 
4,,*,. 
,..ir" l-?».r- 

IMUll Oil M 
Cook Ind 
Ollnl Yell 
Impef CHI 
Rescrch C1I . 
Rtolon Cp . 
Golden Cvcl . 
Scurry Rain . 
Carnation 

*""' "°M »«.'»• 

 van dt wallc industrial park 

I* I'., lit HV/r /M. 

Mtl'fltJ lln, ttr M/ 

Uvalde Rock HQ 
Moves Offices 

Uvaldc Uock Asphalt Co. this week will 

 move Us national headquarters office to the 
Fourth Floor West of the Century Building in 
San Antonio. 

The com puny is the 

 m;mi!fftcl!irpr of A/rock I'lmir 
I'roducls mid producer of rock 
•isjilmU paving Mliilcriiils and lias iK'C'i) lu'adtpuirtsji'ed in San 
Anlunin .since Ms founding in 
I!)I2. 

Announcement of Hie office 

 lease taking approximately oniMhird of Hie Century Build- ing's top floor was made Iiy 
William K. i:iark, president iiml general manager of Uvalde 
Ituck Aspliall Company. 

The firm lias manufactured 

A/.nii'k Floor Products since l!i:!2 am] has expanded sulcs 
JHlo all 5U stales thrmigli n network of wlinlcsalo distribu- tors and factory sales 

 ivpresenlalivrs Ihrnuxhoiit Ihe 
CItUJlll'y. 

"The move of our 

 headquarters nf The Century 
11 iiiildiiiB will eiKilili* us to |>la»' 

New Quarters 

H. Randolph Brown, retiring president of Uvalde Rock 
Asphalt Co. signs a lease initiating the company's move into San Antonio's Century Building, Looking on are 
William K. Clark, new president and chief executive officer of the firm, and W. Vernon Simons, Century 
Building manager and leasing agent. 

Incumbent 
Gains Vole 

Incumbent Hollywood Park 

Mayor FHix Korshage gained one vole in a recount of his 
April o win over challenger 
Charles A. Lewis. 

Lewis, H-IIB requested Ihe 

 recount, .saw his vole drop to 
299, while Poi-slia^e's held at 

Three "disinterested" voters 

 who conducted the recount were D. V. While Jr., presiding ; judge, and Oris II. Kodi and i 
William I'olretln, clerks. 

Lumberman's of Texas 
Will Have 88th Meet 
At Convention Center 

The Lumberman's Association of Texas will 
• 

 hold its 88th annual convention and exposition 
Friday through Sunday in the Convention 
Center. 

The trade show will be one of 

 the larjjosl of its type in the nation. 

San Anlonio lumberman 

Douglas 1'. liurris lias been named general chairman of Ihe convention by the association's president, John J. O'Neill of 
Furl Worth. 

Mr.s. IJurris will serve as 

 general chairwoman. 

Koine 5,o11o people are ex- 

 pected lo attend. 

Programs will feature 

Hubert Walker of New Orleans, president of the National 
I.nmljer and Building Material 
Dealers 
Association, and 

 liuirns McGuire of Dallas, act- ing area direclor of the Con- 
Harris 

 sinner Safely Commission. 

Also on the program will foe 

John 
.Shirley of 
Dallas, 

 representing Group Dynamics; 
Douglas Young of Washington, 

Mrs, Burrls 

D.C., assistant administrator for rural housing; and Wally 
Brunei', 
I n d i a n a p o l i s , of 

"Wally's Workshop" television 

San Antonio's 

BMA Team 

Ranks Number 1 

 in Providing 

Assurance 

Excellence in serving policyowners with insurance protection has earned these 
BM A representatives top recognition 

—The BMA Branch Office Award of Ex- cellence. 

You can put your confidence in nny of these BMA representatives. They'll give you sound, personal insurance uounsel- inf,'. Business Men's Assurance provides l i f e mill health insurance, employee 

 l)L>nefiUs and pension plans for more lh;in 
2,5oo,ooo policyowners. The San An- tonio team ranks Nunilicr 1 in providing assurance for the clients they serve. 

So when you want to protect your fam- ily niul your business, call a member of your San Antonio BMA team—lie's a winner. 

(BJVEA) 

MEN'S 

Gilljcrlo Vela 
Guile Vela 

(Uibh.1 Whltclio.Hl 
Joss B. Williams 

San Antonio Branch Office 
'. 

85oo Village Drive 

 phone 655:244l 

 all office's on a sinf-lo fluur," 
Siilil Chirk. 

"The office spate wa.s 

|)lanuc(l by Neulwiis & Taylur, the architects whn (Itsi^ncd the building. Kurcmusl In the planning of (he new A/ruck of- fices was maxipmn officloncy 
(if iijieruliinis lo Includu direct 
(.•oinmmiiciilions w i t h 
I he 

Uvalde Minus and llic Axrnck 
Houston Plant as well ;is with warolicniscs liu-alvd in Ixis Au- 
Kflcs and RuOivrfunl, New 
Jersey," he said. 

Accountants 
Seminar 
For Tuesday 

San Anluniu Cliuplfr nf Na- 

 linnal AssoL-iiitinn of Amiim- tanls will hold u prufvssional dcvc'lupmcnl seminar Tuesday. 

Tlic incutiug mi "Unw ID 

Nefintiate Ihe licsl Deal will) 
Your Hunker" will !>enm ;iH:liO p.m. at Turtle Creek Cuunlrv 
Club. 

Jack Griggs, vice president 

 of the l-'irsl National lianm of 
San Antonio, will lead discus- sion. 

A d i n n e r will follow Hie 

 meeting. 

Century 
Building 

Ullllxliig their own products, 

(he ciniipaiiy's now space will contain flours of A'/.rock Vinyl 
Asbestos Tile ciistom designed 
In demonstrate Hie beauty anil individuality thai can lie incor- porated In produce exciting floors will! A/rock. 

"As u jiciv niurketirift am- 

 cepl," Clark said, "we will in- stall Axrnck Vinyl Asbestos 
Tile on accent walls of ihe of- fices. The floors and walls of private offices were i n - 

 dividually designed (u display the wide variety of design e/- fecls which can he created v. ill, 
A/.rock." 

The Uock Asphalt Division 

 will include a display of unicjitc biluniinnns formations from 
Ihe mines as well as a variety of procluels produced there. 

Clark concludes, "The new- 

 offices will become a 

 showplace for the products produced by unr company." 

The Century Building, some- 

 times called a horizontal skyscraper, heudtjuartcrs 

 many San Anlonio-Iiased firms doing business across Ihe na- tion. 

Its location on Loop 41o near 

(he airpoit makes it convenient to all business transportation. 

LIFE AND HEALTH INSpPANCE • GROUP INSUHANCt . PENSION PLANS 

San Anlonio EXPKESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, T974 

New Dairy Queen 

Construction is underway on Farm to Market Road 78 in Converse for a new 
Dairy Queen as shown is this architect's rendering. The drive-in restaurant, which' is across the street from the Converse High School, is the latest addition to Dairy 
Queen of Central Texas, Inc. and will be supervised in the Converse area by Mike" 
Knov/les. 
Gulf Energy Builds 
New Pipe for Lo- Vaca 

Gulf 
Energy 
& 

Development 
Corp. 

 has put a new natural 

 gas pipeline into 

 operation in the Fort 
Worth Basin. 

The pipeline system was 

 built to deliver natural gas to 
Texas Utilities Fuel Company and Lo-Vaca Gathering Cor- piiraliini. 

The gas is produced by 

 several independent producers in a sector of North Texas which has been Ihe scene of an active drilling boom during Ihe last year. 

The pipeline network is 

 owned and operated by Inlras- tate Gathering Corporation, a 
H'linlly-nn-tied subsidiary o! 
Gulf Energy & Development 
Corporation. 

FortWorth Basin 

Gulf Energy is an active 

 independent energy company, which recently completed a natural gas processing plant in 
(lie Tom O'Connor Field in the 
Te.\as Gulf Coast. 

Other pipelines and plants 

 are located in South arid 

Northeast Texas. I leadquarte'rs are in San Anlonio. 

The big little change at Alamo Savings. 

From 7 to 7*/2% may seem like a small change. 

But our new 7Vi% dividend rate makes a big difference in 4-year $1,ooo Alamo Savings Certificates. It means no one can offer you more for your money. It means your savings will earn a 7.79% effective annual yield. It means even more incentive for you to save with Alamo Savings. 
And it's hard to find a better habit than saving your hard-earned money. 

So take advantage of our big little change. Drop 

 by any Alamo Savings location and put your savings where it counts the most. We owe it to you. 

Dividend Rates 
5.25% 
5.75% 
6.5o% 
6.75% 
7.5o% 

Alamo Savings Plans 

No-Penalty Passbook Account 

9o-Day $1,ooo Savings Certificate 

1-Year $1,ooo Savings Certificate 

2i/2-Ycar $1,ooo Savings Certificate 

4-Year $1,ooo Savings Certificate 

Annual Yield' 
539% 
5.92% 
6.72% 
6.98% 
7.79% 

A subsMnti.il interest iieiwlly is required for e.uly withdrawal from savings certificates. 
*(!( ilivivli-iuls .irr Ml an 1|l'ji,iMl Ui rtinijniund aintiruumsly for \2 nuinlhs.) 

 nmmo snvinos flssociOTion 

M.iin iiflKt: V^-'fi lrrnlcriiksli»r(i Haul, (512) 7 W-'J'JI 1 

 llr.iiKli nfikcs: 321 Al.nm. I'h/.i, 227-7.}3f>/l(>>(}(] S.in IV-.Iro AVL-.. ^ll-^27/d()2l IWulw.iy 

W N. K. J.,.ii|i.] It). 83 i-7227,' | |f)|) G,,li.i,l H.uil, Vi2.d37H,'«iy ,S.\V. MiliMry Drive, >)1 i-' 

All nfl'iu-s iipni Mniul.iv ilmmuli S.minl.iy S: W .i.m.-V(N) p.m. 

Now over $12o million in assets 

 and we owe it all to you. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Colorado Due First 
Oil Shale Producer 

HOUSTON (AP)- 
A Colorado Engineer 

 says it will take quite a bit of time and billions of dollars to develop an oil shale Industry with a capacity of processing one billion barrels of oil a day. 

"II has to go one step at a 

 time," says John Hutcliins. president of a Denver firm with 
2o years of nil sliale experience in/the United Stales and foreign areas. 

Estimates of reserves held by 

 oil shale deposits in the Green 
River formation of Colorado, 
Utah, and 
Wyoming have 

 ranged from 2o billion to two trillion barrels of oil. 

 the Colony Group, with At- 

 lantic Richfield as the operator, has announced plans to build the first plant.aSO.OOOlxu-relsa day facility at Parachute Creek in Colorado. 

Others are expected to follow 

Time, 
Money 

 in that the Interior Depart- ment's Bureau of Land Man- agement began in January a six-sale prototype leasing pro- gram. The new federal pro- gram is <i result of President 
Nixon's energy message last 
April and the first three sales brought top bonus bids of S21o million, S1I7 million, and S75 million. 

"There's a four-year con- 

 struction period for any plant. and nothing has started." Hut- chins said in a copyright inter- view published by Energy In- formation. 

"Colony, which seems to be 

 the leader, doesn't even have a pipeline permit. It's anticipated for late 1971, which means that, even with alt possible public and government support, they 

 couldn't get into production lie- fore early 1978." 

Hutcliins also said U.S. Bu- 

 reau of Mines estimates of Use cost of building an oil shale in- dustry a capability of 

 processing one million barrels of oil a day are out of date. 

"Those are very old and very 

 accurate figures that wore gen- erated in 1371 and 1972 that don't take into account the cur- rent dollar value," ho said. 

The Bureau of Mines has esti- 

 mated a mature sliale industry with underground mining will cost SI to$5billion. 

"Over\a |*rlod of 1o years, 

 you've got to add inflation in- dices and construction Indices," 
Hutcliins said, adding that a rough, million barrels a day plant would cost $5 to $1o bil- lion. 

Cheaper*? 

Hutcliins acknowledged it 

 would be cheaper to build large plants to produce the same amount of oil that could be processed by several smaller plants. 

"But the problem is that 

 technology, the exjwricnccri 

 background, and ihe mechani- cal operation of the plant isn't proved," he said. "So the first plants are not going lobe 1oo.- 
ooo to 2oo,ooo barrels a day be- cause nobody is going to throw a half billion dollars at one in- stallation until the bugs are worked out. It has to go a step at a time." 

He predicted the first oil shale 

 plant will not benbletocom|ieto with the fifth plant which will have learned much from the 
(irsl plant's mistakes. 

"I'm not sure if the first plant 

 should be asked to assume that sort of a risk on its own," he said. 

I inteliins was asked if current 

 oil prices are high enough to support the development of a viable shale industry. 

To Be Constant? 

"The question really isn't 

 what ihe price is today, but whether the price will be con- stant over a four-year construc- tion period and a 2o-year oper- ational period so that costs can be recovered," he said. 

He added that a $7 per barrel 

 price would just barely make, under today's construction 

 costs, a rale of return for the risks involved. 

"If the public has to set a 

 specific price for crude right now 
1, then a lid should I* put on 

 future construction costs." he said. 

KKfi OIL 

Russian imports of crude oil 

 from the Middle Dast have risen steadily in recent years and were expected to reach 35 million tons by 1o75. 

First Stocker-Feed 
Show Set May 9 

WILLIAM H. AULITT 
...S.A. area rancher 

The 
Market 
Place 

'Olt SALE: 
3o three-quarter blood 

 liarolais Cows. 24 calves at side. CLARK CHAROLAIS 
JATTLE CO., P.O. Box 1735, 
Laredo, Texas AC 512-723-54-I9. 

J lly I!i!l CunninKham 
AGRICUUURE EDITOR ' 

First of the special stocker-fecder shows at 

Ihe Union Stock Show this year will be held May 
9. 

The second one will bo lie 

June li. Dales for others will 1 announced later. Shows a held on- \. 
• 

Thursdays. 
,,: • 

 iiules will bo 

 the same as in previous years, 
Breed divisions will be Angus, 
.Hereford and 

 crossbrcds. 

Stockmen 
• 

 may enter their cattle in tots of Cunningham 
1o. 2(1 or '1o steers or heifers 
This gives buyers a chance [ purchase uniform lots of yonni caltle for Iheir operations. 

Working cattlemen judge tin 

 different entries early in tin morning. -Sale of the prize-win ning pens generally slart about H a.m. the day of (hi show. 

Arlitt Elected 

Through the years the 

 sluckiT-fecdor shows h.ivo bcenine quite popular with boll 
Ihe cattlemen and the buyers 

Cattle 

Trophies are given to the 

 owners of the prize-winninp pens. 

William H. Arlitt, owner of 

Arlitt Ranch. San Antonio, has 

\ 

 girl's dresses and toddlers sets 

1/3 off 

 r 
^ 

 women's sportswear, dresses and juniors 

 corner groups of furniture and all our fiofbr 

 samples of lamps and swags 

2o to 4o% off 

 is lots of savings in all our 

•V*J 

CLOSED TODAY! 
HAVE A HAPPY EASTER! 
SHOP TOMORROW, MONDAY. 
Rhodes 

KtmNmmMm^iaMaT. EXTluTAfrwiTH sTAnwaai, EXT.MS. ~ 

NORTH STAR / WONDERLAND / SHOP MONDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 1ooo A M TO •> nn DM , , 
~~~ sn.UHUftY. 1o.oo 
A.M. TO 8:oo P.M. / USE YOUR RHODES OPTION CHARGE Oft DANKAMERICAflD 

 been elected president of (ho 
Texas Chnrnlais Sales Cor poration. 

Arlilt also has been elected to 

 a two-year term un Hie board of 
(iirectors of the American In- ternational Clinrnlnis Associa- tion. 

Arlilt joined A1CA iii 1983, 

 when dc hcc.ime a Clwrblals' breeder. He also is a member of the 
Texas' Cliarbla'ls 

Breeders Association; Oulf 
Coast Charolais '•'Association and Ihc Dlnebomicl Charolais 
Breeders Association. 

Other new officers of the 

Texas Charolais Sales Cor- poration are Kervcy Kahlden. 
Weimar, vice president; Jesse 
Luckhart 
Jr., 
Barksdalc, 

 secretary, ami Tom (jouger, 
San Antonio, treasurer. 

CowBelle Meeting 

The mid-year convention of 

 the Texas CowBcllcs will be held at the Mender Hotel in Sim 
Antonio April 22-23. 

Registration will begin al !) 

 a.m. April 22. Workshops on beef promotion and scrapbooks will slarl at 1o the same day. 

The beef promotion 

 ivorkshop will have sessions on 
:he national and state levels. 

Mrs. Evelyn Smith, Klamalh 

Kails, Ore., American national beef chairman, will discuss the promotion on (lie national level. 

Clatter 

Speakers al Hie stale level 

 session will include Mrs. Jan 
Morris, Ooliud, stale beef for father's day chairman; .Gary 
Culp, Am:irlUo, representative of tlie Texas Cattle Feeders 
Association, and Frank Brooks, 
Austin, marketing specialist. 

Mrs. Harry Xavisch Jr. of 

Tildcn will be in charge of Ilie serapbook workshop. 

Directors will meet al I p.m. 

April 22, There will lie a social liour at 5:3o p.m. and banquet at 6 p.m. in other April 2'.' events. 

The business meeting of the 

 session will star! at fl a.m. 
April 23. Mrs. Irene Iloyl, 
Kanias, Utah, American Na- tional CowBcllc president, is to be a special guest al the ses- sion. 

John 
C. 
While, Texas 

 agriculture commissioner, will be the speaker at llio'luncliemi 
April 2.1!, (he final event al the convention. 

Mrs. Tom Henry of Happy is 

 president of the Texas group. 

FFA Banquet 

The annual father-son 

 banquet of Ihu Somerset rii- lurc Farmers of America chapter will be held Monday at the school, starting at 7:3o p.m. 

Chapter awards will' be 

 presented at the even!. 

4 Week Vacations 
Builds Interest 

Four-week Vacations only now arc coming 

 inlo their own, but already there's a growing interest in six-month and yearlong leaves. 

 t\,, 
4 I. 
Once the preserve nf 

 academe, t h e s a b b a t i c a l is caching on with big business. 

Tile 
Conference litinrd 

 recently surveyed Ti'i cum- panics anil found thai -lo per cent have some kind of fnrinal 
"r informal policy cmicmiim/ 
^iblxiticals. 

One middle-aged cxecnlivc 

 u'i'l a six-immih leave |rum wiirk In play tliu wurid's best 
:olf course. 

 lint most sabbaticals arc 

 structured and leave an employ 
— mil necessarily ilM executive 
- free tu enroll ,-« ;) full-iimc student, mirk fin Hie govern- nent nr partieipaie in a social- service aclivily. 

Dun's Mngaziiii'. in [is March 

!«IK-, immts out Ui;,i HIM na(| 
-.!''< from its ranks mi 

.Iruciircd leaves las! year. And 
Xerox' sneial service leave iriiijram sent -)(] employes tu iverse causes in ils first [\\n 

U'ars. 

 l^rug addiction, .-mli-ninei'ty 

 md urban 
- r e h a b i l i t a t i o n 

Jnifirntiis draw a heavy 

 lumber of "loaned executives'"' nn siieial-scmcc sabbaticals. 

Borrowed 

Last year, -l.5l);i ,,f (|,c Na. ional A l l i a n c e of Business- lien's 5,li7-!-member work 
"nrce were "Imrroweil" from invalo indnslrv. 

Mime executives ,;el away rrtiin 

 ic President's Ccimmissimi 

 on While lluusc follows, creat- ed lo give indnslrv leaders firxl-hand experience in the guveriinu'iilal prueoss. draws 5 of its 17 members from private industry. 

 l>an 
IV. l.ufkin. former 

 chairman or Ihe investment- b a n k i n g 
Hun 
Donaldson. 

Lufkin ;<- .lenrclle. advocates gnvernmeiit.exchai,^. 
,„,,. 

Krams 
:md has pnipused 

 lhat the country's .'illlj biggest corporations establish a [inn 
Policy of sabbaticals lo allow one^'xeciilivc per year to work 

 government un 

 projects. 

Loave 

I H M looks upon jis sabba- 

 lii'nls mil so much as a fringe lieuelil 
Inn a 
"nci'Minnl 

 deu-lii|iment" program. 

 i' benefits'nf Hie cdnca- 

 tional 
;iu,| 
L'overiiiiii.Mi 

 vuiiis." :, nimpany s]iokesman nolcri. ••Tin. employ on Sorii,| leave comes buck self-renewed happier and will, ;, broader ex|:erii>ncc." 

Comiiensalion policies of 

 companies g r a n t i n g s:ihba- 
Heals vary, usually deuendiii:; on the kind of leave. 

!>nn's said exccnlives in 

 fioi'ernmem programs 

[enerally nre ], airl by i],e 
Kovernmein alllmngi, ||M,V ,,r. len retain certr jn cniniiniiv 

S.A. Livestock 

F L D C R A L S T A r e xcr HOWS snuvicu 

^t'l't-i A"D 
£ i-oo "'"" 

: Hcctipl, losl k 3-«a o'H toil 

•oozing OOM-OI Mn^i/; »^n,uVn I 
.csdov ana Wcilncidny Dcmaivi »! wiia'y SM"W"'I"V lHI' oc''cia'1* «« 

>•" "°im"! "'"} "''"""^ '""'""ri 

UAuoinrp H f i r r u s f.m,, i 
"o'er /MUMiiv, ill E/J'IO i1-'-,'1,",^'.!.,';" 
COWbr 
UIIIM 

.,n,,f, 1?', 1o J) 1o 

<.<.W<:irtl.,, I I . J L I S . (,„ „,„ „,„ 
'C.il r.rmlp 
1.; 
1.ooo.1.4oo 
His. 

 holesale Mea^ 

1-CDtRAL.SrAIt 

M A F I K C I U t l W S S E K V I C E 

 llONGLGSSCOWOCt-ni 117 
OOllCLCSSOULLOCCF'lii. 

 v 

 s«w.«. c 
SI?-IS n: 

«'"a '•"j1;1""1**"™! «,"'."! ^''VZ'l 

. , , 
1 , - 

S.A. Feed lot 

»M«Ki.i news stuvica 

S(COIin«wci) SALES: 3 (SO. Irn.lo ,„ 

!l°.T,.U "t.vcl»i""«nt. Only* l°i <!tr'r e,1 

 w,"h n?E2ri"l ""* °'"1 "° "™no'l»Jn 

U5. Mo,lly 

St^^SIsi1 

*Y tsss,ist, iBSiir f«»''««"«»«i 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 
.__ 
-mi miivmv fc^vrntji-i^crta—jun«uy, npm it, nri rag* T-\. 

Laredo Chronic Unemployment Problem 

Is Growing Worse This Year 

Editor's 
Note: 
Uncmpfoy- 

 ment in Laredo Is a chrsnlc prcblfm and list year's cltsing of tared* Air Forte Base and this year's gasoline crisis haven't helped. Here Is what Is happening in Ihe border clly, 

I)y John Lumpkln 

LAREDO - Eliseo Valdez Is an unhappy 

 statistic. 

Until 
1,151 September, lie 

 earned $3.45 an hour as n truck driver at the Laredo Air Force 
Base, now closed. 

He now Is one of-tho 18,9 per 

 cent who are unemployed In 
Lfl redo. 

In "December the rate of 

 unemployment In U-iredo was 
1G.8 per cent, hi Janunry-H rose to 18,9, the highest In Texas, If not the nation. 

The national average for 

January was 5.2 per cent. Tlie slate average was 3,B percent. 

Ellsco Valclo/is proud. 
Refuses Minimum 

He refuses to accept employ- 

 ment at the minimum wage of 
$1.6o per hour with a weekly take-home pay of about $5o. 

Valdez, who is 5o, said that he 

 and other union members who worked for contractors at Hie 
Air Force base have agreed to hold out for something better than Ihe minimum wage. 

Until recently, Valdez drew 

$63 a week In unemployment compensation. However, that lias now run out. 

What is Eliseo Valdez, who 

 has a wife and four children, going to do? 

"That, 1 (Jon'l hnovv. It's just a 

 matter to see how welfare treats us. I'm going to apply for food stamps ... 1 might have to do without utilities," he said. 
His house and car are paid for. 

The stale bureaucracy has a 

 name (or Eliseo Valdez' plight. 
They call his problem and the problems of one in five mem- bers of the Laredo work force 
"persistent unemployment." 

It is not a new term In the 

 sunny arid city on the Rio 
Grande with a population of about 7o,ooo. A slate labor analyst says, "I think forever it hasalwaysbcenthehighest." 

No Help 

When the Pentagon decided to 

 close Laredo Air Force Hase last September, it didn't lielp. 

Now, officials say It appears 

 fewer agricultural migrants who make Laredo a home base in winter months may be going north to harvest crops because they are unsure there will be gasoline to get them there. 

If they stay, they will have to 

 compete with the rest of La- redo's largely unskilled or semi-skilled labor force for the limited number of jobs. 

Besides having a winter mi- 

 grant population, Laredo has a 
:hronlc unemployment problem iscause residents of neighbor- ng Nuovo Laredo, Mexico, cross the International Bridge lally to work. When the Nucvo 
-arcdo residents lose their Jobs here, they nrc counted in La- 
•edo unemployment figures and 
'an collect unemployment com- lensation by using a Laredo post office address. 

Officials are not sure how 

 many noj|-resif]pi)l.s are on the unemployment rolls. 

"We used to figure approxi- 

 mately 5o per cent of out- unemployed reside in Mexico," says Amador Gutierrez .Jr., a state labor analyst in Laredo. 

Not Woodstock: 
Just Oldtimers 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

UNION GROVE - 

An estimated 75,ooo persons turned out despite intermittent 

 rain for the final day 
Saturday of the Old 
Time Fiddlers Con- vention here. 

Authorities said the number 

 would have been larger, but at the request of promoter J. P. 
Van Hoy, they began tuniing away visitors about noon. 

The convention began Friday. 
The spectators jammed Van 

Hoy's 3oo-acre farm to hear 25o groups, with names like Henry and the Street tiddlers, play country and blue-grass times. 

Campers 

Many of tire spectatoi-s camp- 

 ed out on the grounds, their cars and motorcycles circling 

 campfires. 

"This is generally a peaceful 

 group," said a newsman. "The most violent activity was a couple of frisbeo games." 

Van Hoy said most of the 

 spectators were yoiuig people. 

Although there were no re- 

Fiddlers 

Convention 

 ports of violence, the Iredell 
County Sheriff's Department said about 2oo persona had been arrested, mostly for possession of drugs. 

"They just called from Union 

Grove and said there was an- other busload coming in and 1 had to clear out the jail," sale jailer Roy Lambert. 

Overflow 

The jail holds about 4o pris 

 oners, tie said. The overflow was distributed among scvera jails In neighboring counties, he added. 

Hearings on the charges were 

 scheduled for next week, offi- cers said. 

"You have here mostly young 

 people that are coming in from all over the country, "said Capt. 
Earle Green of the Highway 
Patrol. 

"Some of them are fine young 

 people, but still drugs are very prevalent. .We're up here to control traffic and help the people, but when we see laws being broken we can't Ignore 
It." 

II you're in « 

BIG 

HURRY 
(or year 

HOLIDAY 
PICTURES 

 just aik for... 

HOUR 
SERVICE 

27 CONVENIENT FOX PHOTO 1oCATIONS 
CALL 226-6311 

 for the store nearest you 

"There Is no way. of telling now." 

Officials also say tho Laredo 

 nrea's agricultural economy 
)ias atrophied In recent years because of 
Mexican com- 

 petition, sending former farm- workers Into Laredo's labor pool. Neither does Laredo have any large Industrial employers. 

There is irony In Laredo's sit- 

 uation. 

Sales Up 

Retail sales In December 1973 

 were the highest in the city's history, says Mayor J. C. Mar- tin Jr. 

However, the money was 

 spent as much by Mexicans as it was by Laredo residents, since 

Laredo's major Industry is border retail sales. The Mex- icans bring their money to the storekeepers and take tack the goods to tlielriiDinecountry. 

For 
Valdez, "It was no 

Christmas whatsoever." 

Etisco Valdez Is principled. 

He explained his refusal to work at the minimum wage: 

"Sometimes you got to suffer 

 to more or less obtain what you are looking for. 

Wages 

He said the union, Laborers' 

International Union of North 
America, fought too long to iin crease wages at the base to fall back on the minimum wage jobs other Laredo employers of- 

Out Of Work 

Eliseo Valdcz appears at the receptionist's, desk at the Texas Unemployment 
Commission office in Laredo. Valdez and other unemployed residents are regis- tered in hopes of finding new jobs. — AP Wirephoto 

 er. The trouble, ho said, is that 
.aredo employers now can al- vays find a $l,6o-an-hour work- er from Nucvo Laredo, whore he standard of living Is lower. 
Bruno Abrego, who directs he Texas Employment Com- mission office here, says, "I can't blame" Valdez and his colleagues for not tatdng mln- 
'mum wage Jobs. 

"One employer wanted a blll- 

 igual bookkeeper who knows yplng for $1.6o an hour. If they icep looking, they are going to 
"Ind one,"Abrego said. 

One federal job training pro- 

;ram Is having difficulties be- cause of a stipulation that rainees he hired at $2 an hour, 

 a figure unacceptable to some employers. 

There lu a bright spot In the 

 unemployment cloud hanging over La redo. 

The city Is in the process of 

 acquiring the closed air bascas a location for new business and industry. 

The problem is also forcing 

 the city to deal with its eco- nomic Independence on Mexico and its retail business. 

"Probably the biggest thing 

 that has happened .. since the base closed is a change in atti- tude," said Bill Baker, publish- er of the Laredo Times. "At first there was dispalr and things like: 'We should hold on 

 to what we've got. We're lucky: 
'we made It when it was avail- able."1 

But Baker says, "We realized" 

If something didn't happen, La- redo was on a big skid." He bo.- llevea the base situation is progressing ahead of pre- 

 dictions and says theit! even-" tually may be more jobs avail-, able than before the Air Force departed. 

Like the Air Force base, the., 

 future of Laredo's economy is affected by decisions of persons outside Laredo. With the base, it was Washington, D. C. With the retail business, it is Mexican officials who control theirendof the International Bridge. 

Storage starts 

 at $13.95 

Here is the simple solution to your furniture or storage problems—Palasot. .ihe 

 unique cube and drav/er system Irom Finland that trees you from the limitations of conventional lurniiuro. Made of tojgh durable nlaslic, these cubes can be sawed, drilled, fastened to each other or a wall. Change colors with any paint. Endlessly versa- tile. Palasct's possibilities are limitless lor any room in Ihe home or office. Priced right loo—tho base'cube is only $13.95. It's Ihe answer to your storage problems all wrapped up in a tidy package at Storehouse. 6547 San Pedro, tel. 341-2281. 

 storehouse 

 men's shoes 
14.89-24.89 

Reg. 19.95-31.95 

Famous brands pulled from our regular stock 

 to give you timely 

 savings. Names like 

Nunn Bush, and more! 
7.89 

Reg. 12.95-19.95 (not shown) 
Women's fashion sandals with soft leather uppers. These will go great with skirts or pants. 
Choose from great summer colors. 
15.89 

 junior's shoes 
12.89 

Reg. 17.95 

"Super Sling" a great look 

 for pants or skirts. Leather 

 sole and stacked heel with 

 clastic at the back for fit 

 in N and M 5-1o. Soft 

 leather uppers in white or 

 camel. 

Reg. 18.95-22.95 (not shown) 
A select group of women's sandals have been put on sale from our regular stock. Choose from lots of colors. 

Shoes, Wonderland Only 
Call Ext. 2o9. ^^s^^si^^^ 

 women's shoes 
16B9 

Reg. 2o.o5 

"Ponaljo Pago" soft 

 comfortable sandal in 

 crinkle patent finish of 

 white, bone, black 

 or navy. 

 children's shoes 
3.89 

Reg. 4.95 

Childrens salt water 

 sandal rugged wearing 

 sandal for boys and girls. Choose from white, red, navy or 

 brown 

Rhodes 

1o.99-18.99 

Reg. 25.oo to 4o.oo 
A wig moans worry-freo hair at worry-freo prices! 
Vogue says "A wig is your most useful accessory, a valuable asset!" We sketch but one from our wide, wonderful sale collection of styles in worry- free miracle fibers such as Dynel Modacrylic* and 
Elurn modacrylics". Wigs and Hats. 

•.•1 

V 
'¥ 

 f. 

SAVEGASI LETUSS^IOPFon VOUI AT WONDERLAND CALL 73(HI77. EXT. 3o7. AT NORTH STAR 344-2311, EXT, 2o5. 
' 

NORTH STAR / WONDERLAND / SHOP MONDAY THROUGH SATURDAY. tOiDO A.M. TO 9:oo P.M. / USE YOUR RHODES OPTION CHARGE OR BANKAMEfllCARD 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

Sears 

Regular 
*1o.99 

Sale! Save $4 oii Sears 

Best...Easy Living Paint 
6" 
\Jr 
Gallon 

In Choice of 24 Fashion-Right Colors 

• Flows on velvely-smooth with no lap marks 
• Dries lo an altractive flat finish that's superb 

 for walls and trim . . . finger marks wash right off 

• Tough surface resists ordinary household dirt 
• Soapy-water cleanup 
•paint 

Guarar»teed one 

SAVE S3 

Exterior 1-Coat 

Latex House Paint 

Regular 
88.99 
599 

Cullun 

^^^^^^^^•M^HBM 
Guaranteed 

• 1-Coat, 45o sq. ft. coverage 
• Washable • Colorfasl 
• Stain removal e Spot-resistant 
• 8-year durability or you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 
(When applied over properly prepared surfaces.) 

SAVE * 

One-Coat Interior 
Latex Flat Paint 

Regular S7.99 Gal. 

• Spor-r.iiilanl 

 or you $el neicnary oddi>* pcinl ei your mon.y boik. (when oppl«d o»tr prepnly prtpcrtd l raeti.) 
85oo5 

Gallon 

• Choice of 24 colors 
• Easy to use, leaves no lap 

 marks, dries in as little as 
Vz 

 hour lo a velvety finish 

• Easy lo use, excellent point 
• Easy soapy'Hater cleanup 
• In choice of 25 colors 

GUARANTEED 

 l-toil ravtrjRC (rough or ittiuml iurf»m c copied) Mhrn ippheJ icrorJins to dLr?cliun>, 
JOB get iddhionil paint or jo«r reonrj bark. 

31oo5 

SAVE S3 

One-Coal Exterior 
Semi-Gloss Paint 

Regular 
S 1o.99 
799 

Gallon 

GUARANTEED 

• I-Coal '15o sq. ft. coverage 
• Wiibhnlile • non-yellowing 
• No clialk wushilown 

;(2Uo5 

Craftsman 

Gas-powered 
Lawn Edger 

Regular OO 
8119.95 ;7 >7 

Powerful 127 cc. 
Craflfiiiiin vnpine slarls quickly! The front discharge design throws debris a\s'ay front operator. With curh- flopping wheel, comfort grl|> handle! 

Craftsman Electric 

Lawn Edger 

Regular 
$179.95 

39 

Regular 
S49.99 

Five positions for trimming, edging. Wilh high-lor fjue ball-bearing motor. T-grip handle. 

Sale! Save $3o 
Self-Propelled 
22-in. Mower 

95 
149 

There's plenty of power in this self-propelled mower. It has a 1o-cu. in. cnfiinc, a 2-spccc! transmission, 6-posilion wheel adjusters, 
Ilirough the deck cxhnasl, lightweight magnesium housing. 

Sale prices good thru April 17 

Craftsman 2o-in. 

Push-type Eager-1® Mower 

Craftsman 7-H'P 

Rider Lawn Mower 

SAVE 825 
Regular SI 14.95 99 

SAVE '3o 
Regular 8359 S 

It's eager lo star! because you're eager to finish. 
With a powerful 1o-cu. in. engine, 5-position wheel adjusters, through the deck exhaust system and 2o-in. steel housing. 
3 

Rugged 7-IH" Craftsman engine powers this 26-in. mower with a floating eiitting head! It has geared steering for great maneuverahilily and a .' transmission for the correct cutting speed! 

Craftsman 2o-in. Eager-1* 

Mower with Catcher 

SAVK 82o I /m Vm**** 
8169.95 
J|_ JK %^ 

This mower is eager lo shirl liecnnsc you're eager to finish! Features a fasl-Blnrling 12.o- cu. in. engine, 6-positioii wheel iidj'nslcrs, and a S-jiriBition deluxe folding handle! 

Craftsman 26-in. Rear- 

 engine Rider Mower 
339 

SAVK 85o 

 llcgulrir SIH19 

You'll ride comfnrtnhly over large lawns! Moivcr features 7-III' motor and 3-specd transmission! 
Also featured is a 3-posilion height-of-cut adjust- ment nnJ a convenient parking lir.iki;! 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Sitiifaction Guaranteed or 

Your Money Buck 
Sears 

. 

KM. >«IThur». o.1o.9 

«A»I, KOtlUCK AKD CO. 

Hililir; rirl.t Sir,/, 

• t f kl«itanlon J\4. 

Mnn. Ihru S.I. 

I-M.'I 

(>>lnl I'.rl Siorr 
.« P,.lio.l |x«p 

Won. 1\tu .Sjf, 

— NH(;)IHORI|(ll)n STORM (m.,1 lira, ..4 „„:„, ,(,„,„ ,u ., Nrl^Uikn^l ,lo,,, 
3IM *>.! AT. 
W2 ll.nJf,. H.I, 
II.r,, W.Nb.rl, it 
1.1oo S, W.W. Vhlir (M 

Riiiimin H2«-«:>7A m-mn 

Hnn. iViuhl. '>•?. Si f •>•(< 

EXPRESS 
NEWS 

GET THERE FIRST.., WORK ALL DAY AND EVENING 

HOURS 

7:3o A.M. to 7 P.M. MONDAY-THURSDAY V ; 
' 
7:3o A.M. to 5:3o P.M. HIDAY 

WE ACCEPT 
BANK AMERICARD 

 or MASTER CHARGE 

 mm 

918-Cars (or Sale or Tfadc__ji8-Cars for Sale or Trade»18-Cars for Sale or Trade'fopreu-Newt, Sunday, April T4, T97T~F?rtn>qg6 

._. AND SAVE WITH THESE 
PARTICIPATING DEALERS 

Wotrt A«k 8i»—Cars lor Sale or Tratte mii-iars for Sale or Traile o18—Cars for Sale or Trade 

VISIT YOUR LOCAL SOUTHSIDE LINCOLN-MERCURY 

DEALER FOR TOTAL SAVINGS 

* COMPLETE LINCOLN.MERCURY LINE AVAILABLE 
* FULL USED CAR DEPARTMENT 
UIDPIIDV 

~-~- 
J' 
~—^ 
— 
^-^- 
_-•••- 

Presenting... 

FULL SERVICE AFTER THE SALE! 

 t Thomoi. Mg.i. 
o 

"N, 

..y 

I 

V •I 

--*.' 

•K. E. Ccnuble 
Orlando M. Vmquei 

FRIENDLY, COURTEOUS SALESMEN 

TO SERVE YOU 
ON THE SOUTHSIDE 
SHOWROOM FLOOR 

The VW that 

 will Let a 

Little Shunshine 
Into Your Life! 

At... 

TWO IOCATIONS...HOME Of THE COUGAR and PANTERA 
1123 N. MAIN 
16o3 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

ClOSED SUNDAY 
Q-J-I 77o1 

GOIIHO CHURCH 
. y"-/'ul 

San AirtMb'f Ftot 

«t<J Foremost 

225-65o1 
21$ 65o1 

FINANCE IN ADVANCl * 

Get Behind the Wheel Faster...With Less Red Tape 
THINKING THRIFTY? 
IF IT'S A NEW OR USED CAR 

CHECK OUT OUR LOW RATE 
YOU ARE LOOKING FOR CALL 

AND LIBERAL TERMS 
THIS NUMBER 

1 1 
I I 

TO.HAUS VOLKSWAGEN INC. 
13oo S.E. MILITARY DRIVE 

COODORHOCRIOlI 

WE CAN FINANCE 

 iS22 SO. FLORES 

AT BONNER 

924.48o6 

'Swtctat Dealt in Town* 

AND GET PROMPT ATTENTION 
FROM OUR AUTO FINANCING 
^ SPECIALISTS 

'69 PLYMOUTH 4 door automatic, air 
* 
595 

'68 FORD Hardtop, automatic, air 
S 
795 

'68 FORD Pickup, 6 cyl.. air 
' 1 295 

'7o TOYOTA Pickup, air, camper 
51 649 

'7o HORNET 4 door, automatic, custom interior 
* 1 395 

'71 MAVERICK 4 doot, automatic, power steering, air 
* 1 69 5 

'71 GREMLIN ilandard, cxiilom interior 
$1 795 

'7 1 GREMLIN custom interior, air 
' 1 849 

'72 GREMLIN standard, factory air 
'2195 

—SPECIAL 

73 SPORT RUNABOUT o°Sc! low ™i« 
S3395 

HIGHLAND PARK STATE BANK 

MEMBER F.D.I.C. 
HIGHLAND AT HACKBERRY 
Anwrican 

AMERICAN/CENTER 

1715 SE Military Dr. 924-7351 

OPEN DAILY 9 AM-9 PM 

1974 

TOYOTAS 

Now available for Immediate Delivery 

^r COROLLAS * CORONAS * 

MARK II'S * CELIA5 (STAND GT) 

AND LAND CRUISERS— 

COMPUTE BANK FINANCING AND INSURANCE AVAILABLE. 

ALL WITHIN ONE DAY 

GOOD SELECTION TO CHOOSE FROM 

TOYOTA 

924-945? 

OF SAN ANTONIO 

17o3 S.E. Military Olive 

FACTORY BONUS SALE 

THE FACTORY HAS MADE AVAILA- 

BLE A CASH BONUS ON 15o NEW 
1974 
FORDS. OUR CARS HAVE 

BEEN RED TAGGED AT ALL 5 LOCA- 
TIONS TO SAVE YOU HUNDRED'S 
OF DOLLARS ON YOUR NEW FORD. 
HURRY, SALE ENDS APRIL 18th. 

1974 PINTO 
STATION WM»* 

1974 MUSTANG II 

Hardtop, 4-cylindcr eng'ne, ctu»e~o-malic Irani- minion, bcdy tide mcldingi, ail (audition, tadio, llnlcd gloll, mcd. ITcllow/OoU. Srotk .'.- H71. 

SAVE 

S379.7C 
$^fc4Llf%jf% 

5?«i" *3699 

To25 San Pedro 

RED TAG PWCE 
*1999 

WHY HEMPHILL- 

McCOMBS??? "Red Tag" 

 savings through a Cash Bonus program from Ford Motor Co. Every Car MRed 
Tagged" is clearly marked with the dis- count you get. Shop any of our 5 loca- tions for the best selection. Some loaded 
- some stripped. 
1*99 

'<"•>. Dr.- 

71 

PONTIAC 4-door, ovilornaKt, power ste«r- ing, power braVot, 

WESTSIDE 47o7 W. Commmca 

-. — f f* mm 
N j| £~ jfj JT 

^^ • ^^ft ^v ^1 
*\M / »J 

PINTO wagon, culo- malit, air <ondilion, m- dlo, whll.wall llr.i, b.ljMbluf, 19,ooo mlln 

NORTHWEST <1-ta8 Frodorlckiburg Rcl. 

73 

 oil JlnnJaid equipiuin mlranlic, icady li jo 
MAIN STORE 1o25 Son Peclfo 

73oo San 

1974 PINTO 

2-DOOR SEDAN 

4.tyfmrfcr cnginp, (rune.a.tnalic lianKiiinion, ait 

Red. Sloik * JSSa'." " 
3 "' w '"w° '""• "3hr 

SAVE 
$753 
C< 

RED TAG 
V 

PRICE 

47o7 W, Commerce 

1974GALAXIE5oo 

4-doei Koidtep, V-6, aulaniarir, a:j condiiion, radio, tinted gloii, wliilawall (ir«i, wli«el covett, remofc cann«l minor, moldingj, bgn»per guardi, white, tlocV a-J6SS. 

'3199 
'o25 $c 
'3999 

VOLKSWAGEN 
Sl^x^knollon 
9o", ovlomnlic, air condi- lion, rudio, wfill.wall lirti 

WESTSIDE 47o7 V/. Commorco 

TORINO J-Joor ha lop, small V.I, ootom l<. all (ondillon, power liming, l-cwner, ntiv 
(orliudi-ln 

NORTHWEST 'MOB Frcdorkkiburg Rd. 

THUNDERBIRD o»ld/ 

MAIN STORE 1o25 San I'odro 

CHEVROLET Molihu 4-ioor stdan, laeded, aulomoti(, sraoll V-t, ladorY oir, power iTter- i[19. imtnaculale, 
"WOAA 

SOUTHSIDE 19o1 S.W. Military Drive 

OLDS Delia 11 Roy 
4nloor hardlop, loaded, vlnrl Icp, Nujgi! G 
Metallic 

NORTHSTAR 73oo San Podro 

FORD Cuilom 4Joor, Jh wMuAlu. vinyl l»P.S pgwir and alf, lamlly*1' 

MAIN STORE 1o25 San Pedro 

^^ « ^^ ^H 
"f jfl fj T f LL *» J 

47o7 W. Commerce 

I Torino J-iioo' ^»^<af. ^*'A- 'moll 

 dilion, power steering, vinyl lop, immotulale,* 
«4o«AA 

SOUTHSIDE 19o1 S.W. Mililory Drivo 

CHEVY N«o?-doar, smoll V-8, aularrHlit, B'rJ 
(onaitlon, power ilcei- ing, low miles, bright gold mitaiiu 

NORTHSTAR 73oo San Pedro 

PLYMOUTH Roadtunn 
«r, blui, 4.in,,d, nir 
(ondlllon, ulro special, iporty (ar 
MAIN STORE 1o35 Son P«dio 

 m -^ ^. ^ 
1 O fliC 
• jf *W ^M 
* Mm / 
*f 

*-)o25 SAN PEDRO 

73oo SAN PEDRO 
47o7 W. COMMERCE 
19o1 S W. MILITARY OR 
4488 FREDERICK SBURG RD 

222-6611 
341-2586 
433-1464 

S«<oodpqa« 
Exptw-Newt, Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

 bas 

 rsen... 

,„ alleluia! 

On Easter Sunday we commemorate the victo.ry;,; of Jesus Christ over death itself, a victory which is the very foun- dation of our faith. What greater time for Christians to come together in joy- ful celebration and worship! The churches of this community invite you to attend Easter services in the church of your faith. 

Caihy Ann Wishes 
A Happy Easter 

To AH Our 
Customers and Friends 
1o OFF 

All Pet Supplies, Aquarium Supplies, and Tropical Fisfi! 

SUMMER CLIPS - $6.oo 

"GROOMING" 

Cathy-Ann's Pet Shop 

2342 E. SOUTHCROSS 
534-7218 

Easter Greetings 

L'UTHERN GlfT & CHURCH SUPPLY 

1629 S. PRESA 

Religious Books & Bibles 
Player Books & Jewelry 

Altai Appointments 

532-5423 

AV/i/rr Gritting Ftom 

EL CHAl'ARKAL 
Plumbing Repair Service 

224-4231 

FRANK C. LOZANO 

Owner 

2o2 Vinares 

Re». 927-66o4 

Miking You UAIM'Y EASTER 

Fion, All of Us At 

PROFESSIONAL INSURANCE, 

INC., AGENCY 

General Insurance & Bonds 

68oo Park Ten, Suite 24o 
736-431 1 

HAPPPtit 
EASTER 

 r>&g 

Mr. 8 Mi!. 

Adam C. JUtiniega 

& Familf 

ARCINIEGA 

REALTY 

923-19o4 
923-52o4 

Zizik-Kearns 
Downing-McClausherty fi/nerof D/Vectors since 7896 

1322 North Si. Mary's D 227-22o6 

PINATA LAND 

PINATAS & SUPPLIES 

.1 Blk. So. al Hemisphere. Yellow bi»lt Bldg. 

Free parking in rear 

9-5 daily Sat. 5 PM 
227-o529 

May this Easter Season by a truly Joyous one! 

JOSEHINE'S BEAUTY SALON 

432-9451 

WARMEST EASTER GREETINGS 

 from 

GARCIA'S MEXICAN FOOD 

842 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
732-o433 

MAE McFARLAND COMPANY 

Exclusive liririal Gotuas 

518 East Josephine 
227-7685 

American Waste Paper Co. 

Highest Cash Prices Paid 

3o1 E. CEVALLOS 
226-6371 

MISSION FENCE & 

HOME IMPROVEMENT CO. 

1452 S. WW White 
227-5411 

Warwfs/ /-'inter Grtetitigs /'rain 

Mr. & Mrs. Juan Abrego 

J & M FOOD MARKET 

164OELKERS 
225-91o8 

OPEN 9 am - 11 pm 

BOW-KAY FLOWERS 

Ed and Polty Ackerman—Owners 

7o2 E. Drexet 
532-4547 

> * 
Montgomery Ward 

& Company 

WdrtcJeiland Shopping'City • . 
736-4111 

McCtclcSs Shopping-City 
532-88.81 

EASTER 

GREETINGS 

111 Lexington Ave. 

227-2224 

We cMicpt Bank Amcrieard & Mastcrthorgc 

STORE- 
NORTHRIDGE 

BEAUTY SHOP 

26o7 EISENHAUER 
824-5582 

La Panificadorq Bakery 

Specializing In Moxkan Pastries 

 and Sweet Bread 
Cafe Adjoining 

1135 N. Laredo St. 
223-7124 

KELLY FIELD 

NATIONAL BANK 
- 

7o7 CASTROVILLE RD. 433-3281 ^ 

MEMBER FIC 

Easier Greetings from the Tovars at 

Commercial Drive In 

Groe. & Mkt. 

28o5 COMMERCIAL 
923-8611 

TED'S TV 

SALES & SERVICE 

42oo BLANCO RD. 
736-3128 

COMPLIMENTS 
OF A FRIEND 

The Flower Basket 

6932 S.W. Military Dr. 

(fn West Tov/no Square) 

674-8953 

NAYLOR 

REALTY INC. 

2o5 W. OLMOS DR. 
824-1453 

// n a pleasure to greet our ntativ 

 friend* tit this It<if>f>ift( ofSeuian. 

SIX FLAGS REALTY 
, 
S.M. 1EALAND 

Jfl", 
MARIO MANCHACA 
BROKERS 

^*(*j 
«24111 433-MS7 412-tlll 

AUTO FAIR 

"HAPPY EASTER" 

3515 Culebra 
435-1642 

C!irist\ ascension Itl us :ill l)c- 

 thanklul fur His woodi'mus bk-ss[i)gs. 

MAE FIRKINS REALTY 

216 W. MISTLETOE 
732-2334 

AJ. MONIER & CO. 

Air Conditioniny, Healing & Plumbing Contractors 

Complclc Scrvico Dcpt. 

1446 N. FLORES 
223-9151 

MERCANTILE BANK & TRUST 

McCullough at N. Loop 41o 

344.3441 
Member F.D.I.C. 

Wishing You a Peaceful 

& Joyous Easter 

222 S. HORES 
225-8o8o 

TAYLOR 

REAL ESTATE 

Bordcn Inc. 

"/f if's /tort/tut it'i got to bt good" 

Milk and Ico Cream 

 at your door or at your ilore 

875 E. Ashby 
736-31o1 

Interior Design 

Custom Draperies 

1o33 Bandara 434-15o3 

1913 NW MILITARY DR. 
341-9262 

 t.tt uj ftejoire in tlih (1/oriaul fitaiea nf Kattirlimrl 
/Hay 

 werj Writing ht)nurs thii .SVri- 

WESTWOOD FURNITURE AND APPLIANCE 

7448 Mllllory Drive Weil 
MABDACH PLAZA 
67S-2S1o 

"Homoi for Ific Discriminalino" 

R E A.I T OR S 

6836 San.Podro 
R O S O W - & - KUNE 
824-o121 

5226 Fredorlcktburfj 
342-3211 

WISIIIN(j YOU TIIK AIIUNI>ANT I.II'K 

III-: CAMKTO MAKIi TOSSIIII.!-.. 

THE.KIRBY BAPTIST CHURCH 

 gum M, 
6 

Kenneth Brown, Pastor 

D.F. SAUNDERS 

REAL ESTATE 

115 E. EL PRADO 

o28-5878 

I'ERSONAL AT1EM1ION, PROMPT SERVICE 

IN AIL PHASES OF REAL ESTATE 

o24-4521 
' 
. 
' .,211 W. Oln 

 m) Expw»»l«wt, Suftdoy, April H, 1974 WttntAdt 
Third fag*'?-.. 

 dolldgJ b TriMltts 

Ujol«s 

Gloria Aldertte. 

Esther Carmotw. Baltazar Rodriguez. 

BRADY GARDENS FOOD STORE 

Albert Kwan, Ownor Wishes a Happy 
Eastor to All Our Customers & Friends 

19o3 S.W. 19th St. 

433-o531 

A Joyous Easter 
Bu&tS 

525o Fredericksburg Rd. 
349-112) 

HOME OF THE COUGAR—NOW..,3 LOCATIONS 

7635 SAN PEDRO 
1123 N. MAIN ] 6o3 S W MILITARY 

344-o1o6 
225-65o) 
923-77o1 

Alamo Radiator Works 

"Distributors for Oil Coolers and Radiators" 

724 Culebra 
735-6o83 

RASTER WISHES 

Compliments of 

Texas Industrial Services 
/' 

3o47 E. Commerce 
222-8695 

ALAMO 
MONUMENT 
CO. 

"Helping You Pay Tribute" 

922-5512 
144 Kclsey 

RIVERSIDE INSURANCE AGENCY 

Auto-Fire-Homo-Liie 

AGENT, William R. Crowley 

615 So. St. Mary's 
227-4259^ 

BRIDAL PALACE 

Tho place to buy all your Wedding needs. 

We speciali/o in custom mado debutante gownv doll bouquets and communion dresses. Best prices ir lawn, large selnction of spring materials. 

 r=L-S-323 N. MAIN 
225-21o8 

HACIENDA DE-FLORES 

Specialising in Creative Designs 
FIOWERS FOR AIL OCCASIONS 

7o6 Rexford 
341-o2o5 

"/-/ A P P Y E A fi T E K " 

A . C . I V Y U S E D C A R S 

161o BROADWAY 
226-3522 

 j & H Fix-It Shop 

Lock & Key Service 

•MINI/ 
-e HEADOUAR1ERS 

• IAWNMOW .ri$ AND EOGERS REPAIRED 

15o7 Nogalitos 
223-2376' 

Dietz-McLean Opticianry 

7 Convenient Locations 

Medical Art! Bldg. 
Ni» Pro. Bldg 

M8.S Tower Bldg. 
M2o N. Mair • 

7o59 Son Pedro 
1223 S.W. Military Dr 

 lobby. Oak Hills Medical B«g. 

J. C. Jones Paints, Inc. 

"Call l/sfor Reliable Painlm 

 anil Paper tiangtrs" 

Fredericksburg Rd. 
PE6-1539 

MA Y KASTKR JO Y AND GOOD HEALTH 

KKMAIN Wiril YOU ALL YEAR 
. 

SWING MACHINERY AND 
EQUIPMENT COMPANY 

1o6 W. Rhapsody 
342-9588 

American Bank of San Antonio 

Complete Bankhing Service 

12oo Austin Hwy. at Terrell Plaza 
824-9521 

Billy Mitchell Bowling Lanes 

123 Croyden 

434-2323 

Texas Title Guaranty Co., Inc. 

OVER 7o YEARS OF SERVICE 
Albert Palafox/ Vice President 

61o TOWER LIFE B1DG. 
227-4251 

PHYDEAUX'S 

7oS Partridge Dr. (I blk. loulh'ol 41o on 

Jones Maltibeiger. 341-1117. 

William J. Albert—ow«r. 

"Hcppy loiter 1o oil our new friends. 

Com* set ui." 

Order of Sons of Hermann 

Fraternal Benefit Society 

IT IS A PLEASURE TO GREET 

 our many friends at this 

Happiest of Season. 

EL DORADO PARTY HOUSE 

4615 W. COMMERCE 

432-9o69 
225-1864. 

CHARLES A. JAMES CO. 

BICYCLES 

SALES AND SERVICE 

213 N. Main 
226-7812 

// rs a pleasure 

 to.^rcet our matiyfrirmlt at tftii hafifiitlt ofscaiarn. 

DAVID 
MORENO 
UPHOLSTERY 

SHOP. 

927-6422 

J. ROSS BOLES CO. 

Keys filled to all locks while you wait. 

6o2 Broadway 
226-5351 

THE SHOE BOX 

Specializing in Children's and Teens's Shoes 

Three Stores lo Serve You 

Afamo Heights 
Wonderland 

North Star Mall 

QUALITY PRODUCE CO. 

PatJccrs at Chief Brand Potatoes 
Dave Sonnen and Pat Gonzalez 

"Wish You a Joyous Easter" 

3o1-3o4 Terminal Market 
222-1433 

VENETIAN 

MARBLE OF SAN ANTONIO 

* Tub* * Lavatories * Vanilics 

* Dressing Topi * Tables & Kitchens 

Chuck Alton, Manufactuccr & Oiilribulor 

5o3 Kenwick (off N.W. Loop 41o) 
684-2491 

American Rubber Stamp Co. 

One Day Service 

Engraving - Desk Signs - Brass Plated Door Signs 

Business cards - Magnetic Signs 

3o6 N. Main 
225-5893 

Southwest Texas 

METHODIST HOSPITAL 

Bailey-Gosling Associates 

Insurance and HOIK]-, 

2o3 S. Broctdeay 
CA7-6151 

Fred Luderus Tire Service 

Complete TIRE Sales & Service 
DUNLP-MILLER-MICHELIN TIRES 

425 San Pedro 
225-2823 

ALAMO SERVICE CO. 

Awlhorli«d Sciv!c« 
' 

* Fiixtikli * Naig. * Glbion * Philio * Admiral * PC* Whlilpcol 

Scrvki Alt Makti R«I<lg*ialoiir waUittl 

Alt candlllantu, FIICII/I, Ranga*. Cammmial Secvk* 

Chailcr Mtrnbcr RSES 

145o N.'Floret 
227-7571 

Embrey RoofingCo. 

SKcet Metal * Heating * Air Conditioning 

3o6 E. Harding Blvd. 

924-8371 

Bexar County National Bank o 

"Where Courtesy is ihe Keynote" 

325 N. St. Mary's 
227-3292 

TEX-MART 

SERVICE CENTER 

Specializing in wheel alignment and balancing 

GARZA FINANCE CO. 

Auto-Porsopal-Furniluro 

Real Estate Loans 

2523 Rigsby 
337-3951 
1o3 So. Flares St. 
226-2481 

Arredondo Lumber & Hardware Co. 

Lupc Arredondo Owner 

368 New Laredo Highway 
922-1295 

Easter Greetings 

A & A Pump Company 

(Dick Kuenstler) 

726-Brooklyn 
226-1191 

Munguia Printers, Inc. 

Serving San Antonio Sinfc /933 

22o1 
Buona Vista 
225-72o6 

Motor Truck Sales 

CMC Trucks 

The truck people from General Motors 

1133 Broadway 
227-93o4 

OSCAR'S TACO HOUSE 

7o5 Barrett Place 
923-9171 

OSCAR'S FRIED CHICKEN 

27o2 S. Zariomora 
924-4981 

3oo3 Colt 
673-1o8o 

Easter Greetings 

R. Lopez Plumbing Co. 

Contractor 

127 Dell Place 
434-9898 

FOTO CENTER, INC. 

Camera Specialists 

* SaJos * Scrvrco * Rentals • Easy Terms 

215 East Houston St. (in Guxter Hot*!} 
227-8851 

Rahmberg Mobile Homes 

Two Locations to Serve You 

2271 Austin Hwy. 655-o251 

2424 S.W. Loop 41o 
673-2511 

THE ROSE SHOP 

Flowers and Gifts 
E.B. Castro, Jr. 

19o3 San Pedro 
732-1161 

LA CONCORDIA GROCERY 

WISHES ALL 

"// VERY HAPPY K ASTER" 

1312 
Caslroville Rd. 
432-9557 

CRITES COMPANY 

Locks & Keys—Safes (New and Used) 

Cutlery and Tools 

458 Soledad 
226-6o32 

Al Jacobson Realty Co. 

Business Opportunities 

2oo3 N. Main 
735-9458 

Prescott's Limbs & Braces 

Rolls Wheelchair Sales 

Ealkers—Crutches—Canes, Etc. 

1 1o3 Navarro 
224-o726 

LOS ANGELES HEIGHTS 

METHODIST CHURCH 

Kindergarten & Day Care Center 

8o2 Catalma 
732-5641 

Mrs. R.S. Turner, Director 

 riUJERAl CHAPUS, INC. 

"Serving All Eait/is Eailltfully" 

515 North Main Avonuo • (512) 226-72o1 

Easier Greetings 
Jim Geise's 

Contor of tlio Mall Shoppo 
Forgo t-Me-Not-Shbppo 
Forgol-Mo-Not-Shoppo 

54 North Star Mall 
513 McCrolets Mall 

172 Central Park Mall 

BORDER FENCE CO. 

Rasid a ntial-Commoccla 14 industrial 
Wrought Iron and Window Guards 

Froo Estimates 
Bank Rate Financing 

1334 So. Gen. McMullen 
433-3266 

FARRIS ORIENTAL RUGS 

Imported Linens and Art Objects 

412 E. Commerce St. 
227-6591 

Alamo Paint & Wallpaper 

 titrviiif Sun Attlaniafor Ovtr Al) Ynin 

4U Culobra • 734-51o1 
11o1 Fair • 532-3267 

Ha fifty Emtcr lo all of you, 

 from CHIC-KING manager 

Ovlda C. Rqdrlguoi and employees. 

LET US MAKE A PLAYER OF YOUR PIANO 

RENT PIANO 
OR ORGAN 

APPLY RENT 
TO PURCHASE 

13o3 Caslrovllli Rd. 
435.o211. 

Spinel! $395 up—Now player planoi. 

2oo6 N. St. Mary's St. PE3-1346 

YAMAHA Pianos and Organs 

HOWELL HYDROCARBONS 

711 So. Presa 
533-8111 

Southside Funeral Home 

John M. Grimes, Director 

63o1 So. Flores St. 
922-6339 

Happy Easter from 

Club Los Globos whoro you arc alwayi welcomed. 

A. C. Ross & Son Paper Co. 

3414 CULIBRA 
434-5546. 

416 E. La Chapollc 

CA6-7237 

JIF-E Mart 

Serving San Antonio, Wilh 

56 Stores 

There's One In Your Area 

Pago 
Wont Ad«E*p(r»M-N»wt, Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

We've Got it All, 

Right in our own backyard 
DUDE RANCHES, CAVERNS, 

SWIMMING, FISHING, SKIING 

BOATING, TOURIST ATTRACTIONS 

THE SPORTSMAN 

Seafood & Steak 

Boiled Shrimp A Specialty 

Beer-Pool Dance Hall 

512 — 538-2oo6 
Medina Lake 

TAKE A 

^— 
^ 
X 

WEEKETsJD TRIP 

Thousands of People 

Have Come 

Thousands of Miles 

To Enjoy these Vacation Attractions 

You Can Reach Them 

ON A TANK OF GAS 

Spend Your Nexf Weekend or vacation 

ON THE LAKE 

Fully fumtlhtd MOIUI HOME 

' 

 lake McQueeney Mobile Homo Park 

1—513—557-6768 

THE INN 

OF THE HILLS 

THE FABULOUS RESORT 

 inKERRV.LLE, TEXAS 

95 
2 Night* (total & tax) for 2 people 

(include* complimentary champagne upon arrival) 

Tenn.'s Cobrls,.Poo^ Puflffig Green, Color 
TV just to menh'on a few of our luxury entertajnmeni* facifj'ties. 

For advanced reservations call; 

(512) 
896-23oo 

1oo1 Junction Hwy. 
Korrville, Texas 

RESORT CAMPING 

' at 

BLUFF TRAILS RANCH 

On The River 

In Ihf braulirul-Tr.\ii.s Mill Country 

Fisliiiif! 
SHiniiiiiii" 

Camping 
Miking 

All Types Hook-ups 

Rafes $2.5o to $4.oo 

5 Miles West of Ingram on Hwy. 27 

Junction Star Route 
Ingram, Tex. 78o25 

512-367-5656 

Pre Development Prices 
Buy Now And Save 

 on Canyon Lake 

FREE: GAS-TANK FILL-UP" 

(up to 1 5 gallons including Sunday) 
Bring this ad and take escorted four 

(if murrlod, both muiT atrcnd) 

Full size Lots for: cottages - mobjlc homes - camping. Terms available by developer. Now under construction are wide paved streets fully equipped playgrounds and parks. Swim- ming pool and cabana. 

OIRECtlONSi TAKE INTEBSTAie 35 TO IHE CANYON oAM EXIT 
AND FOLLOW FM 3o6 TO PO1TERS CREEK PARK AND 
1ANGLEWOOD SHORES. 
(Obtain the HUD property report from developer end read it before signing anything. HUD neither approve* the merits of the offering nor tho value if any of the property.) 

 rfwr .1 ••» — —^S^ TT/>t..- I >Jti,s. 
5""v— £*•*&*:' 

CAMP GROUNDS 
Hiway 35 South 729-2731 . • 

P.O. 
Box 1286 Rockport, Texas 

"Camp by beautiful Red Fish Bay 

Complete Hooks-ups 
• Lights for fishing 

•Bathhouses 
— -. 

SUNDAY VILLAS 

RENTALS 

THE DREAM HOME THATJTOU CAN RENT 

!» time b(BBlifu) r>om»j'«Po,l Anniai... 

J«l o iViD (r>[» 111 Cull 

' Sunday VIRg, F.O. B»« 1513 ferl Alantal Tllal 

PHONI Jli/74o-648o 

DON'T FORGET... 

White vijif/nn Canyon take stop by our off/co or boaufiTuJ 
CANYON LAKE fflUS ond see how you can turn Just a few dollars per month into a terrific recreational Investment for your family to onfoy ALL YEAR ROUND! 

Boating, fishing, swimming,' skiing, p/cnlc facilities. Just follow the signs lo CANYON LAKE HlllS Soles office, and sco for yourself! Open 7 days a week, tool 

OUR SAN ANTONIO NUMBIR IS 697-3571 

ON THE BEACH" 

• ComfortableRooms 
• Recreation Area 
• Gulf Al Your Ooorsfcp 

(512) 749-6591 

BOX 861 . PORT ARANSAS 78273 

The Seahorse Inn 

"On The Gulf floacli" 

5o Luxurious Air Conditioned Bedrooms 

Suites, Fomity AportmenK 

Swimming PaoI-Coffeo Bor-Snacks 

512-749-5221 
1423 l)t)i St. Port Aransas 

 on /he Intracoastol Canal" 
Box 386 

LONE PALM 

MOTEL 
PORT ARANSAS 

749-545o 

TACO BELL 
OPEN ALL DAY 

EASTER 

3667 Fredericksburg Rd. 

735-1731 

AMISTAD TRADING 

POST 

DON & 1'AT STEWAlil). Owners 
Groceries-lce-Beer-Live Bait 
Fishing Tackle-Boat Storage 

Fishing License 

Texaco Gas-Guide Information 

HWY. 9o W, 
. 
DEI RIO, TX 

TELEPHONE 775-3116 

Canyon Lake Marina 

In tony on lafce Port 

 n P(«rnJiiM, CompT*!* Marine 

COTTON- 

WOOD 
RESORT 

On Lake LBJ 

 a Complete Resort 
Cabins-Restaurant 
Free Boat launching 

Swimming Pool 

F/shlng Dock 

Next lo Wlrlz Dam 
Marble Fails, Texas 
512-693-4327 

Hidden Valley 

A 1oo ACRE RECREATION 
PARK ON MEDINA RIVIR 

Pj'cnrcm g * Bicyc I ing 
Bi/frorci*SoflWI 

 fiMng*Poddla Boat 
Swniming+Hayrides 

HOME OF '74 MENUDO 

COOK-OUT! 

For Information 

1-429-357o 
623-9878 

FISHING 
CAMPING 

PICNICKING 

PAX PARK & FISH FARM 

RED DOT 
Bait Stand 

(.i.fJih H-hin? S Millar 

Miujilir. 

Tho rntiacaastal Canal at 
Padro JsrandCausoway 

937-4o1 1. 

IMF lnhrinjlii.il Urilr 
(Mailing Address) 

213 Military Drive 

Corpus Chrisfi 

'ANNOUNCEMENTS 

 o—Personals 

[JOB—Lost ond Found fllO—Special Notices 
»J'3 — Professional Notices 
JJ1* — Entertainment* 
[a 
Vacation Guide 

(-JI8—Lodge Notices i;Jao—Bids « Proposals 
M 31—Official Publications fiat —LeBol Notices 

BUSINESS 

OPPORTUNITIES 
$ 

1—Builneis Opportunities 
1—Builnon Opportunities 

Wanted 

4—Money to Lend 
6 — Financial—lnvuitman.1 
B—Oil Proposition! 
o—Money Wanted 
2—Initructloni 
4—Instructions Wanted 

-4- 

1 —Professional 
1 — Sales 
4—Technical 
'6—Administrative— 

 financial 

'8— Secretarial 
o —Office » Clerical 
1—Medical 
4—Skills-Trades 
4—Food-Drink Services 
B—Temporary 
:o—Help Wanted 

Miscellaneous 

'•1—Domestic 
A—Situations Wanted 

MtRCHANDISt 

7o1—Miscellaneous for Sola 
7o2 — Sewing 
7o4 — Business Equipment 
7o6—Building Materials 
7o7 — Portable Buildings 
7oS—Air Conditioning— 

Heating ' 
•Furniture 
•Appliances 
•Floa Markets 
•Antiques 
•Pointings 
•Collectors Imports 
•Stamps and Coins 
•Camera—Photo Equip. 
•Musical Instruments 
•Radios -Stereos 
•bicycles 
•Television 

— Nurseries 

Garden Supplies 

— Machinery and Toots 

Surplus 
MerchandJse Wonted 
Auction Sale 
Business Directory 

71o 
7U 
713 
714. 
715 
716 
Tl«. 
719- 
75o 
732 
723 
724 
726 
MS 

7o? 
33: 

' 
OOGS — PETS 
Vt 

M6— Dogs-Cats-Birds-Pets 

Poultry-Rabbits-Bees 

• 1o1— Dcathi 
•ro2 —Card of 
Thanks 

Memorlam 
. 

J o3—Florlstl—flow.r. 

1o4—Funeral DIrsKtors 

• 1o3 •—C«m«).rl«s—krlo I 

Lois 

WANTADS 

KEEPTHSNGS 

SELLING 

Is your offer 

 before the 

 hundreds of 

 people wilh 

 cash lo buy 

 who are 

 reading the 

Want Ads to 

 discover where 

 to spend it? 

Don't lose 

 sales . . . 

And the ad cost so little . . . 2 lines, 

1o days in (he 
KXPRESS and NEWS 

 fot $5.94 . . . Coll 

225-1666 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

J»afionoli 

MUSEUM QUALITY BRONZES 

Chos, A. Ruijfll 
"Klnj o1 The Glccrcn" 412W 
Mclvln C. Wcrren 
"Vivo Zapalo" H 

Reply Exprt»_Pgx 

$1oo,ooo.oo Insurance 

Aqe 3o • i p«r mwtlh. 

-O ST: BkKA mole Lonradar relric- cr. Eetom [Home] With (Tea coftar 

 only. Vldnity of Frrderfckuxjra Rd 
JJ?,iramBerl- "" REWARD. Dcrs 
7W-IJ31, 

" 

 oose. 

___ 
Call JJ 
__ 

••CONFIOCNTIAL eari fcr pf«ioint a"lf°i mrtjieri. EDNA GLAoTlEY 
HOME. J3o3 Hrmpnlll. Fort v^ 
Texot, tcl«3hOfie 1B17I 924-33M." 
NEED HELP? Call lr\e ' 
Ll.-i. 7 lo ripm. SWIi. 

 toil and Found 

[-OUND. Ma/cli 17. n»rc IrlsH Set- 
Icr. must Idmlliy. 
. 
° ' 

|]OST: -Greyish male Colrn Terrier fJof-fh Sfar ><fn. Kovord. 34t-7<nv. 

 arvl vhllt gy Small Red 

LOST In Ihc 
Area, txit tcci. R e w . 
LOST: Loroo block bVleicase. o/n o col I lijon locotlon. Bto/KO one w&solawn, Suixlay m a r nin g. RE. 
WARD. ig-Jltl. Joe vniltc. 
Lost: "Caille H;:l 

LOSr-'l year old red Mler wilh polm bfond on left hfp. Coll 6»-l23l iilcr 6. 

Lou: 
Molt squirrel 
MonVey,' 519 

Mo.-chmont 
Hev/ARD. 
MI-o1OT 

237-1JS7 
LOST: Dog, s m a l l , s^iort hol/frd, ffowlc, brown wilh wnlle mork:ngl, jrfcrbelly s h a v e d , 872-7MI alfer 

Golf Club*. McGregor VJP, in yecfcen^i & qMer^pfn, 34g-.M^ 
LOST; 5*1 «t" w«4d:ng /•)no» and 
COIT.OO rfng, [n Jtukc'i DowMswn 
^^ll 3o- REWARD. «?<ViS75 or 23o 

COST; Youog man Gecmon SITB hxd, block S »fl^.?r- Ion, jelf ••• preo. ifanr.cd Tory. Rtv*ii 
LOST': smwii Hoond pwppy Si#rra 

*"°' 
REWAR°- «Mo 

D: YELLOW 

 v"':"11' 

LOST: Ponr, Wue '&' rM TOAVOII 
'tit IS^i- "nllmenfol valve. CR? 

_ 

 r^ 4lrflV"t' Ctiampaone male 
Aniwers 
ID nam< of 

 a Ana. Rcfrara. ill- 

.OST: 
2 Daehuiandi, ir^lc. 1 rtd. 1 

>lock, area at Kl:lo/ney and rolr- 

._R^fwprdL IU-73W oiler S. 

.osr: ' YORKSHIRE" TERSTesf. 
••nxilf. Alamo ItelgMf. Drown 
4 

EWARD 11oo m B«nio.1. 

Real Estate License 

 and 

Sales Training 

EARN WHILE YOU LEARN IN YOUR SPARE TIME 

(Keep your present job) 

EARNING POTENTIAL UNLIMITED! 

"Our Peak Selling Season is Now!11 

For further Informatfon about this outstanding oppor tunity, call our office nearest you... 
NORTHSIDE 
7:,2-BMl 

. Si Mr». Pedro Cuollor 

 proudly annauncc f.M? ciril/ol 

 ihuii boby GIRL: Dcnlsc 

SOUTHMI)K 

921-7So1 

— Cycllai, 5 Ibs: 19V 
•Sfborr, April 2, 

& MM. Richcid M. De! 

Jr., proudly 

 iKo arrival of (heir boby 
BOY: 
Rithaid Anthony, III, 6 

Of., born March 

 ff.r r w 1h, v.kx e(ih« p,ep 

 ta Ilie 

 oriva o t e r baby BOY- 

*Rudy III. 8 ib>. IS i/, oj.; 
WbornApii!6, I97J 

REAL 

ESTATE 
LOANS 
Mr. & Mn. Arlhur Guoircro 

TV Jr., pioudly announce Ik 
FOR 

NO CREDIT CHECK iil ol thai boby BOY: 

 touil Michael, 6 ''hi. boio Apnl 2. 19/.1 

?nr. i Mil. Lconaid M. Lor. ton, Ji. proudly ctjiouncc lh.c arrival ol Ihoii bohy 
GIRL: lr.ro Chewse, 1o Ibl. 
1 o or., born Arjiil 2. I 974 

Mr. 
J 
Mn. 
Somucl 

Marioquin prov.-dly orn ounce rhe arrival of Ibcfr boby 

FROPI81V UOU1D 
BE AT 

IIJIF.PIID FD! 

PROPERTY VALUATION 
IS OUR ONLY CONCERN 

342-6162 

RALPH B. SMITH 

Ffcc Ridci — Membcn 
2 

 capljuo nliden. Hill Coun 

Shampoo & Set 
52SO .-« 

ESTABLISHED 19o4 

WE BUY S. SEll 

DIAMONDS 
PLATINUM 

GOID 
Northridgc Beauly Shop 

26o7 Elienhauei- 824-5582 

JEVyElRY 

APPRAISALS MADE ON 
JEWELRY 
• 
FOR IN- 

SURANCE PURPOSES AND 
ESTATES 
• 
- 

Southern Jewelry Co. 

BW«* Propoiols Ml3o 

INVITATION TO BID 

 tl 
It I..I W.fd.M l,h,, 

It It rhtlKlm •) rik!» ml 

Why hang on to those valuable items around your home . which you no longer use? 
You can exchange them for cash so easily. 
'Just dial 
225-1666 
We'll help you word and. place a !ov/-cost ad telling the public what you have for sale. 
Why don't you turn it loose today? 

-OST: Coctoiell, tjrey blrct, velrow toxi^frfcndlv. REWAfep w4m 
LOST: Morc'n 31. ftmo'e toy &om. poone pcocue tfolMII aporlmntti on taiKJ3r,an ro. lo veors old answers 
""•• Record ~£ 

REWARD FOR ANGEL 
Toy doodle. Oro-«n femol*. Conor, c h o f c e chofn, L«1n. R«r «1o 

REWtBD. •>r~Su7ST~]i»;~Fe'ii7~nl> rear lertaer, t a 11 I a h t S er llcr-nM 
^fV'i.^cJ'cKlijY'-''™' rgiSi^^g^r65 

Loll r-rlaoy w< ,u»er molt SSditT norrtd s m o k y Walrm Elementary oreo, reword, &-37JS, 

Special Hitlcei 

16 Ul.i, ^mn« r^oirin iro jrcJlcd tJSO. Like r.f«l S)! 
Stone Horlln stole. Ap. 

)5o. M4- 

BAlLfiOOM 

D&jwniCfWrt, ^ thfl r;ver_ Approi( 

ooo-JOOO iq. n. R«nl er IMII ia oo- r^T '"" rod;° »'««««' iiM'f« r? 

^,Mr. & Mrs. 
Da 

^y^MeGfoiri proudiy jGlhc arrival of ihcjr babv* 
* BOY: WitJiam Robo/l, 8 Ibj; *, 
* 
1 3 O/,, bom April I, 

?J Mr. i Mr i. KoL'ii A, Momt.. , vvSr, pioudfy arjiouncc Ihc^ 
*arf.val of ihcft btb/ 
^ Don* MchoHu. 6 Ibi. 1 2 oz j 
.KbornMaitlt 31, 1974 
•JpMr. A Mn. Julian Pone 
•Vi fttoitdlf announce rhc urrivt. 
±Lof ihoir baby fJOY: Joio.n , 
G ChriilorAcr. 6 Ibi. 1 I o/.," 
?Y born April 1, 1974 
' • 

 vv . i Mn. Jaic R. 

 y on.T 

Ihei 

 on.TourKc Ihc airivoI bobx GIRL: Vancno 
7 Ibl. '/, or., lx>rn 

I. 1974 

 v M r . 
A 
Mn. 
Fianciico 

'Villoncnl p/ourily orviou.icc 
.Ihc arrival of their baby 
,BOY: Jairre VilLoricry, 7 tbi 
, I o/., btxn April 5, 1974 

^ ,Mr. & /Ari. Ranvro Villarreo1( 
^,)f- proudly onnourtcc (lie 

 orri/ol of iheic bab^ DOY:v? 
Rafael M!fiucl, 7 Ibi. 7 o7..'Jf* bo/n Morel. 31, 1974 

 t 
To pVjn yoi,r 

Birlh Announcemcnl 

M, 
Call Miss Lope/ 

5 
225-1666 

?**********^ 
National Want Ad M'eck 

April 11 17 

_ _ 

Mem J coral dlnmoSc) cr^'ltr ring 
_ 
___ ._ 

PRBB TRANIFORTATIOH 
T«: VA..N. C«r«l«c,D.C..|ciolio 

>»•»?< 

 o»d 

II U lha An* °l 
* AQUARIUS * 

Know fru« ecsfncy 
A 

VVOh One of Our Moisopes1 

SWEEDISM MAGNETIC 

OR VIBRATOR mniv,n.jiirutt. 

666K S.W. Military Dr. 

»24-o221 

1215 Wait Avenue 

73S-9963 

WE WILL BUY 

. .,Wrvj *o >ri. or ol<Jw. Including urnifur*, mji, txfnT.rw, chirw 

•ire, arJ obfKti, gum, elf. 

^T WANTED -^ 
Plasma Donors 

Tarn Sf Twice a Week 
Physician In altcndanco 
( A. Flor« 
533111 

Open MOD., Thurs., 

_ __AM_-7P»l_ ' 

"fid Mo/K«f Oxtiii>ill6ni~ni^ded 
Tl nTereiied co«!act Mr», Don Po,v. 

__ 

E?Af?N $15 WEEKLY 

PIUS BONUS 

As A Plasma Dcmor 

Hood o»k <A Sao Antanl* 

 g EASTER^ 

GARCIA MANUFAQURERS 

 ol Grmluofen R.'nrji lor oil Ilinh 
Schools You, Rlnrj ,,ow on d.lpln/. 6643 Hwy. 9o Wotl 
Bclween Cal'ofihrm Rd. ond Mil.. lory Drive. 673-654". 

SCKOOLREUNIONiltitiiinllbi i uliccl ttwifi ol iki eld StfB9. Stay, 
S='j<Jo Vjfir. Loclu.i VotTir, llonn 
M , (•!•</ or.J (onuiu fr?i«fi *1 ivn. ijiil !l d UflHhu r«l ro<i*e« (fa. i, filn 3 lo S fM.JUl «i vfydtdi orj f*fm»i 

 iiilOCt 

/AT, & Mo. 
MICtoH D. 
I 
PrtKjflly nnnounc* tti« fclrth 

 mar SOlt: S«n oovkf M ' M , 
^ Ibl. 3 ot, !?'/.'' long. Mnrtn I*. 

Blood Donor Confer 

 ponorfc >lr«d«4 
777 C. UxiHon 
"^ Wjd u^rtd/al*!^.^ ^)3-ilOl 

Ffrnl~na ht'tp li limp!* wiHi an Cn- 
»(»i-rl*w« «d Di Krii In ih» mcrrv 
VM to o»f hstbtil. rU'VM. 
" 
< ' " ~ 

 iMJ Inn ri« fMlUilM Ollk* 

 it IV< ".ill l.il \*l<r,^,,\ l,fc,.l Oil. 
IKI. 11)11 IIH!.,,, s« AUIUI, !.!•!. lili M«II V« uliiitj l« rlM OiiMiti rur. 

. it t.lx. 1.oo >j> , I..,. 

StolM bH jvopoioti will be received bV_.**.. Doo'd' ol Trvtlees ol the 
Norm •eon lix!fp«iK)>nt School Oil- tfltl on F£NClilG until ?•« P m . 
WN)., April \J, \7l4. DM iorms may tw pkked UP pflor to bW opcolrra In 
^^tf oHlc« of 1fi» DIr*clB/«f Pw- cJiailno, Ntxth Eait ind«p«rKleni 
Schooj OliTrkt. 1o113 Broadway Avc- fxj«, Son Antonio, T»KQI. leoicd bW pfopoicHt will b« received fr_.P* Owrf o/ Trm1«) of in* arih Eotl indtptndtnl Stftool Uk- 
MCl 6o AUfOMOTIVE EQUIP* 
S?J 
MT-.wijn *:W p.m.* Ap/ll ?), r7J. DU forms may t* picked rfcr trt Wrf co*n(rtfl fci ftie efllc* 
.^e Dlreclof of PIXC^OS^HJ, llorlh 
Boil IrKlcoerxHtt,' S c h o o l Dltlrlct, 
1WJJ BrooitMoy Avonut, Son / " nlo, TKQI. 

 ion ^ 
_. .._ pLxnp t, Relaltd Irrtoo^lon it o> p*r IJLJ fevmi In ttie 

. 
S«led bid pireeoKHj 'WTlfTw rf«"Tv?rf 

 noord ol Tn/titu ol lha totl l«d*tv*f»ej*nl Schw n LGMlNO ALJJQMO 

POR DR.VEM COUCAflOfJ 
3:oo n.m., W«fi)lt*iy, >pfH 
I. llkl fflrmi moy ho pkked up prior 
o bid tptnfrxj M tM WIICC ol l|t« 

 mo ro c«i int 

***• BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

Leg*I No 

EAiV TO BUV 

Urltfc, 21 unlli, pooJ, ccnlral olr 
Ov/nor corry, twislbw sonr Ira^c 

11SKH WATSON « SON »<-2n) 

HED-WAY 
CLEANING • 

SYSTEMS OF 

AMERICA 

If you art; now in boiireii 

 of on/ Jtind and woufd Me fa expand in Q r.uw faitir.alinfj buiircsi do not foil ID omwcr tliil cd. A smoll invcslrrcnl f$75o-S 1,5oo} and gooJ credil wiR give you Ihc fotfow- 

 ing: 

I. TivtboarfDllcqw-'pniinl tor 

3. Silting «P your licit a[. 

HED-WAY 
CLEANING 

SYSTEMS OF 

AMERICA 

• 1 on on.iilc high pteiiure- nydroloier tlconirtg equip. menl lliol clcanv nnylKrnn . liucki, Irolcn, oil Ihe rond equipment, larger kilcheni, homoi, rod. 
!>>!cl ond 

 masonry buiklingi, elc. II you enjoy oullSdc work and car. 

Call 828-1682 

HED-WAY 
CLEANING 
SYSTEMS 

18O2 NE Loop 4 1o, 

Suite 221 

San Antonio 78217 

K-NRoot Beer Drive-In 
"j'liWj SI. ncer 2 schools. MOSOT 
V buHcrlno. S long pccrkmo ccmonlei. all eqyfpnient. Low ground lease. oood jroij or.a or am. Only UJjJoi ccnfi cr tetnw r.cgollnbfe 
"«LOS DRAWNER REALTY 

 nin ii""n:wi»lfc INCOME" 
Dlrtrubytor-parl or full iirr.e [o sup- 
^SI^'^V5""'- 

•"•" ^ •-"'"-"'iJifi' wicmi 

/clall Of 
---.... nw ..vviiui Invctlmcnl. tp cd u cat I o*1, or experience 
Jl. Awsioncc hi Irolnlna 
--—Ileus ccoplci lull or 
For details oil tss-^Jw for 

I 
INVfSTMENT 
I 

| 
CAPITAL WANTED 
| 

I 'J'i ' ."f"''"' '"•"r «»nid I 
"»>!«* l-rLfer-iuMJi,,,;,,!,,,,. J 

I Hinrlnsy.1 ClljtWjJ^ ,„, „,. | 

 l*l i H-regsh p,,. 

" "" •'"'"• C'" 

DCA FOR N RvrT i 

>rovl<» ooluollcn -sirvKes Delor« ou loll ne«l ilerv. nenllei m conn. 

| t>r<non Rood, rtence. ln»«nco. 

 yoylrl you 
>, o ,,„„ o liol »cu coo rellrt I. am p r 
Hn« w t'rin* Idol con bl run innre lima full iwvi wmi rx> cnnllnl Invelvert 

 lint mdli tocallon. Phsru nn. 
'XJ, llolloivxj and i«rclcirHil. o/«rtr«ocf, terrific r«lurtt on irrwll IrweitirMnl. J<»-!li;. 

I. •ARHOUDy, Klnllor 

Business 

Opporlunlllcl 
JI5O1I 

-PET 
HOTEL- 

IVI lluuls. Inc. [-Il,r- t:.il 

 llr,i l,.HII7,'i.,,, "\Mr',''ks.''<:.,l 

Konald Williamson Realty 

Go Inlo tar 

 flr 

IUCYCLE f)KAI,ERSHlF" 

 ty tor a full icrvlco u:cvclc r la iffl-jr area • hondllrvj CCM 

 o<w]|y o'lvtrthed b-'cycICi 
In- 
Ji3,x».n7,s<» ?«!>«"; ,"„ 

 f'SPon5V""CrV- S"K»'l D.l"». 
) Jttag}. Mr. Go'ilimllli. 

 nveil «,MOOO for a FuHl Mn-c Lusi- 
CS1 cl vair owii and tn|oy f,!tn. iol wnlnoi of oytr HO.OOO annual- 
'. c°" «r wrile Mr. Swlm.rr 
Barlcr Intcrnalional, Int. 

IJII W«il MKklnjbira Lean 
Ddlloi, Ttxol >«« 

 if 24 ACRES 'MOBILE 

HOMESiTE -jtr 

Mo^1]^!. " C r O C 3° Co^P'ClP VrMI> 
M uljUllcs and . plani rcr^rtodvj icv i-or hM-ije /i\nl)!lc ho-i,e part 

 irwlor mllltofy 
Ttrnis or 
. 

Mr. & Mrs. Restauranteur 

I v - 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
- 
' 

 yr. ii. 

 yeor, Mala A/icrv, NO.too dn: 

 i.A.'l LAKOniT MITE CLUB 

Swti 7.CCO, mil flSJCXQ vr. ooej 

4 (HIM. Oood (toil. «l,aj iH1^ 
FINEST 1N«RIOR DECOSATORJ 

Top location, envloy»^ V$18$ 
_|A FLORAL-OIFMARD SHOP 
FM»il HW Ignlfftv Oroii JM, yr, Lornt llctk, only SIt.W on. 

TROPICAL F1IH 

 torne Hock, oood leoj«, i 
, 
1 LAROB SUPER 

1 OTO51M MI5XOO c 

Top Indurei, oood I 
BUSY 
KOBTHSU 
, lei 

WW oron <i«S 
Ton UxlurM, jeali 111 KSXTO 
T-,, u1.™*1" **" SEAFOOD 

Oro» o 
1 . , , , 
> . 
M o 

Top occounti, equip. Goiu leVS,. 

HUSY CONVENIENT STORE 
Crojj o/w 
- 

J£«S»>"l<>J<L'f«IUMCY 
TION. fH 
.—Oroi, 

I11A» 'jr. «%' 

1USY 

.-,. _ V.IU1 
Vr. All or 

.- nili 
»IO,tW 

- 
• deli UO.OM yr. Equ>p. j,.^,) Jrli 
BUSY HORTHSIDB 1EAUTV JAIOH 
J lop operoton, nd» iu«o yr. 
OOOd Itoie. cwy «.St», »4og 4>. 

TOP ICE HOUSE 

Hell «IIXXO yr. oood Hock, leoit. nice jc-ollrKj. inly 13,ooo On. 

BUSY LIOWR STORE 

Grosi M5«o yr owner » yr). txsoo for flxluros + svoeit ot cosl. 
^SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUM 
Rft«t ol f i x t u r e ) . Toj> lowllon. 
Good nels, ICOIM. proai SASM dn. 
FINE.ITALIAN FOOD RESTAURANT 
Cfoie (o bme. 
Gross VitM mo., 

HAVE IUYERS FOR YOUR 
AS REPRESENTED BY OWNERS 

NEW CLASSES 

START MAY 6TH 

PAY A NIGHT 

( 

>*|>H«M 

o».H.».Wii' 

ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 

An yoj l-ild «1 ibt rcl iwi of ihi (ily? 
Why nil EimlJfoie'iMt r«Hf^1i bull mi tppUrUFJiy T« «n Uxiut 4 iitv!lM Lille cc£i|» re*n «pprfOilni:j. 
ItlyiMrwfii'jri bftciScQAnlftric II ye 3 KOFI gow) i rri >, « r.i «)1i orJ fh| dnJl l*b ycirt 1*1 ben (tt mt Icrfa/. 

 ifGUINWJOHIUHITY li o g<rri<<T9n Isimu C-K) gii* (rtpi ifir fc»J pf«l wo/ ti o ^rm/iwit, 
(cilrcHtd rnviit-vmn) gwinitit no 
Ifrfjii,SifcooJ baj irtpi il Ihi frcrJCgiir, 

 ri, qyrfl X tt'irt* 

 bt «biin1lt o1 o*Brr n^ire wilb PKtrlf «.rt, 

Holler, IM!I. a,tinhuiti, orvd ctxl/fcd/leriov hsrtl*. 

 to'i It o ev)4» f» Mtfir oppoiiwiiy fc; ih» ilf1)] porl/. W jog «iid li i!dnn s'm« la 1 1 roc-r o«n Uu, •..: V.JT t kj (o 
«Mk KwJ, livd o^jl 11,ooo D.r moil fol mi in 
ARTCAIKRY 
*|filLi1jlnl.1-*S»-jh.tK.C«1k rit-'wctj cftdiKri (wi«l ihi i 

 i/w* lapfjr^ikil *!ln lilru Piol rftlil o*J 4lft*r Nut (Ian rfl^wlirarili. 

1M1>Ut9W*t. ClUf Ifltt. lUOKONKlUNtur 
Ll-ha JT^Jfin II^'^II.IM («t ctra Ju,-n ip. 

 a ef h*n with « ntt niuk] ofiti ir^.iy ycwi ef i«- 
^wf kjjIriH, A ynt lantif *fp»- 
!)' It t* yxr o»R toil. f«i tf;« » it 
Milr} OT94c^)l« U ^JoMild. fc!J ft- 1 

I'KIICK 
Wl *'* "l'|k|9 9«od fcblhuifl fer 

H ken 
^vall.'id ilii.ili, tri (on hfidlt 1bi tele 

** «D l» 
*' r'^ ^t"-"11 ^ o P"'*Hi'?C8J i {«]• 

IhecuW 
M'"1-*! rxrctr, /Jioifl [»• U; c.i Of. 

 uif yw,r TK-Vin. fn( titt« 
GtiM^Mf/. $1o,ooo On. if qv 

INVIJTMEKf OPPORTUNITY 

Id wrti wulb iJit tt 

 twtfi fl 

WA1IUKAIA 
»i«t you (Men ( 

UNIVIMAl tirt OPPMIUtWr 

LiVt Ktf IMB >(cr •W simeiiUI lelsd fam'itu rwo!*d wi fcl koker Ed. ll.lt bjiinol rrgdt a pioM lion Ikt fnil nt»lk C'ld ii (oaliciTig 1a o/o* &Jr. 
(on b! o^1*1 «v»-3Sl4« «mf!svitl>.:l 
_ 
^ 
,,„**** 

HOFDOGSAIMCIMIV 
. 
(I o Kilirt. O.n cl lt.i rijlmi Sieui 

Smir.gCc-rty UswJKalDesl.di'liOcgj. loyraVtei h Ifn <ily Quatf.trf jmjJaj 

GtlnclSa/toji, i-HJilSti pcpilli lead cna.i bi owrtr roqsgtd. 

 ilirai. l.niiijt ucilrg fM 36 pkl fsod lo 
OH OJSTR1BUIOBSMIP 

 go. Vrskoatfclwn.eicRd »'llio*ior,d 
Dhli-Wr* (cn.'.id S b»?V c.l la HIM 

 l'nuct»itii|4.SOOO.i 

MOTHS 

 ncltll h l?ii <llf. Rosmi f/fdj le opwi'r, LtciLlul iljb t ritiowor.l, in- 

 ot»'c'J. »«h SJSO.MO On. 

(It3c, nwltfn, feod rts^ipcf, ihniici wiutoolly alhadlvc •fi'tJing at it inNtiri-f neleihie Fc/obcji iKe<»u 
4f a boiif e» *lc-w. Yw o*,i tl.t pioptn/ 

 eAI/DERARO, OPPOkrilNIIY 
Cwnff Ui itp<ed (aofnrnkl «i'fi rm- 
*cnrr (in fai lty«ras«d wilh o«r«( 

(.IC-KiT] whc'liali rutfc.Tim. Quant J3,i ti:l, bjiMicu olcMnbid erti M rtui o3o. 

 rOfi A CpNriDENFIAL APPOINTMENT FO DISCUSS YOUR INFEREST IN BUYING OR StlLING A 
BUSINESS COMFACT DON R. MclVEH PHONE 51 2/696.531 I Out Or 1OWN INQUIRIES INVITED. 

ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 

San Antonio, Texas 78229 

696-5311 
24 Kr. Answering Service 

ENROLL TODAY 

• Business Administration 

• Business Manager 

• Accounting 

• Secretarial 

« Stenographic 

• Clerk Typist 

° Key Punch 

• Drafting (All Phases) 

FOR INFORMATION & CATALOG 

CAU-WRJTE OR VISIT 

COLLEGE 

.411 E.A\ARTIN> '? 
•SAN ANTONIO, TX.i 

 sq. II. bl_. . _... 
Sol] on 6 or both. 

349-1771 
344-7385 

WANT AN AIRLINE 

CAREER? 

• RfSERVATIONS/nCKtFING 
• GROUND OPERATIONS 
• 

« FLIGHT ATTENDANT 
• AND MECHANICS . 

. • FLIGHT ENGINEERS 

8RANIFF EDUCATION SYSTEMS 

APPROVED FOR VETERANS TRAINING 

Affiliated with Bramff International 
| 
CALL NOW 

||FF 
512/341-9158 Ext. 1o4 

INC 

OOtNG BUSINESS ON S.W. 
Dr. Good Leaie, vogd JtxMtion cm, priced to sen call now (or an op joJnlment 
Ronald Williamson Realty 
— OW 
?2J. 

"RESTAURANT FRANCHISE 

 n Son Antonio. 13o,ooo Inlltal CO rrqulrcrf. Call Mr, Wcssttvic between 12 rwjn ond 7PM, 

^ Bartending School ffl 

WOMEN AND /WEN &^M 

BROTHERHOOD -:;':: 

SCHOOL OF BARTENDING 

' 1o13 Juckion Kallor 
PH: 319-26o1 

Exaiutivc Plaza Bldrj. Suite F 16 

Ccrhlicalcd by lool IrdyCOIion A^\ociahon 

RETAIL 

OPPORTUNITV 

Vie ote irekirg a ptiun 13 opri c-nj op [role < Vtiffss- 
{ul Feihitn Slo;e ii Woi- tftilcN^ ipnicfuieg m a^- porrl, hxiehc'd furR.'iSiiiji, 

. 

 bt icquirrd Iht plUol 
Htem it eitei'enl. App'.icr nay <nH fcr Bill Solti 

WONDERLAND 

PET SHOP 

 tilifii, Bgrjicitlv*, party. ll BUI l*ifcif.,,TJJ-91 J? 

I 
BE YOUR 

I 
OWN BOSS 

J foot «nd D«ronlrg fl 
(hmli. Mlrodivi (rate, (f: 

Hoi knollin. Minlnum l»»*ilT.*r 
SI 1,ooo 

oMNOO, TEXAS 

o,-xraling noioye. tO«)t Week bul 
Ing wilh 4 sirjllt tpa'l* o"rt °1(l ipatt'lof oil lyr*» ol rtpalf W ijxcdienl letnUcm, malri ttwooo^fci l!xc«Menr Icfini. Cnll J» No«1 
13) *S« or 1 4?J &4?4. 
__ o,o- QALG KCAU HtTATO 

CnrwlHon. 

 cilole. C'K'nft. Co 

 t»r In 

Mcnmi CittdH l dry clean ond inlli, 
DiloJ 

 wait* ct 

 lrrw noilti cenlral. l:u 

 feave. JJSOfl Ur 

CLflANIND 
1 ed and 
„. -- - enlh r«qyl proi. UN for Invinttfy. 

I.AUNDKV 
CeJn o p l r a 1 e d and nroftii 
"-1- Inllljl cam r«Mrnl nli 

IMMEDIATE INCOME 

RECREATION HALL 

 with Tixlurci 4 B'dg. for So'a. 
Opnialing 5.Pool Taliloi, T.V., 
Ping Pont], Footbo'l. 

342-li2o7 or 69S-813S 

ExcdlcnT txwlliilije l o c a t i o n . lot; 11 ih id cllenlolfi. Call IM-W71 ANY 
TIME. 

MONEY-MAKING 
OPPORTUNITIES 

FAST FOOD-DOWNTOWN 
Hpyiian St., N*thnf (1 6,OOO lAUNDROMAT $6,8oo 
N*w wDlK*rt, Sl.SOO down 

 ii^*l5,ooo 

»3,OOO dawn 

LIQUOR STORE $8,ooo + 
Jnvinliwry, (m«H d«wn 

MEXICAN ftESTAU^ANT5 
Two.SJJOO d». .md »l 5oo dn. 

BAR-q-QCAFITERIA littbkifurf, Sll.OOO dawn 

IDEAL FOR RETIRED 
31 Apt*. + 5Tgf>, SaS.OOO dn. 

, Sandoy, April 14, 1974 Want 
Fifth Pag* 

EMPLOYMENT 
• • 

ERSOHHEL 
ERVICE 
SE 

 oua Business is YOU/I Fuiunc 

1122 NORTHWEST CEfltCfl MALL-iSBOfHEDERICKSBURG ROAD 

5AN ANTONIO. TEXAS 7I2oI 
, C. 512 . 7)2 411) 

Profoilbnol Placemeol & 
Roeroiling Agency local & Nalional 

The Nation 'i NrlKark of 
Knipfajtiiittit t'ro/eiiioifa/s 

WHAT CAM THE IPA EAGLE DO FOR YOU? 

Portia! lilF of our hundred! of current openings listed with our over 9o officos throughout the United States. Wo offer the Professional one ol Iho largest and most comprehensive choice ol job openings in Ihe nation. Coll us for appoint- ment or send us your resume for action!!! Our service charge and your reloca- tion paid by our client i-.ompanies. Entry level College Grads w'elcorne. 

ADMIMIITBAT1V! 
ACCOUH1IHC.EDP 
TICHM1CAI 

(o.uuraer fi^nie Ugrs 
$12K 
(DP Analyst, imurapie 
SI4K 
Slilit-iig Depr Mgr. lc(«l 
)MK 

COMMERCIAL 

UNDtNG OFFICER 

$J5-«OK 
! 

7><«lni*»«n I, lining lolo,,,'-! ii^vlMll. IU riiriid, cdtiniilt ttytt illlld. it !iqj:,,-,i Mrf i tligmii »iH bi h(U in itiVl (on-'' fldflKI. (li|Mt o1l9nH! I'l CallCV-j tin. OEmiLnKO niu, uuruj 
. 

F .c. 
BOOKKEEPER: 
Rtw 

Hot, lurtrvlM iMpl. «l hr wk. jell Don, :<i-»si, in v/. t 
S««Illr>9 P«rlorjnl C«niuttgn 
§ 

DS«E IJ-HK Fes 

D«crte + 7 yrs. expe 

9]1.oSg«3446Cli9c< 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT SERVICf') 1' 

$1SK 
. 
......... 

 vin (r.jr. lil up ......... SHK 

. 

. »1«li|.*let-ii«lQl ....... S14K »idJar.Ofeiolknol ..: 
. 
......... 

 tioiwRg Html'" .................. SMX Ucnul f riteni *icl/il ......... tl5K tlo.Uenml. r«i t tort ........ S17K 

 teitriiol Niilci.ctrnpiltis ..... SI4K V. lt»it* Aiilril. MIA ....... J17K lilroiion Inji. flailiu .............. $UK 

Credit Hgi.irtuitry tip .... il6K laleiiwl Avdilor, nfg n ....... $17K 
Pgilcsi°! lr.gr., 4«ign ......... JHK 

Peilo«rel«gr, 2- yli «.ljr ,...$I6K Clipoull Aud.tor MJI ........... SISK fioieil lnjH.«[.ll,{K ........ J1»K 

 liallit Kjr. «)-n>mcdili«... . 5I7K Of Hoi, 31o/37o rccbiitry .... JJOX 
IE SupunHf. I»J nl;< ........ JI'X 

PLANT.MANAGER j 

»'s'°*:.?«"-SDJ1** P'Whtllon. COII 

"TBACHER'S-ADMIN; " laltrvteMiing NOW lor Fall. 
Heed 
H.s,, «iem. principals, ( e a c h e r j , 
Cwjn^o/i, LVAC »pecl4))ilti 

SPEARS PER5oNMF.L btHVlCE 

M7_JACKSONjXEU-£R 
I38'1!?' 

~C"l v 11 
ErvQlfttCT and £nflInt?r]rvg 

T*tftnfC"^)n Howard W. Coda's Con- tul 11 ng E nq" n e«jrjrP-9; S3 

•^Sv, 
FHONEl 723.7376 

 r2H 
PROPI5SIONAL r§-j 
IUHHISS UO»RS 

 vnGromM Equipment Fee Sale: 

4 Moytoa washers; 7 dryeri; (i 
OOtTCi. svalcr he<rlcf3; wafer JOll ncri. Call SrcxAdole, $96-72o2 or <rf 
- 

\A/a Hm* tlirt'-ncw we uuy 
^ |iquWo1ron 

JOE KAHH «, ASSOC. 
7 DtjrwoQd Ln. 

OPPOfctl/NnY 

Beacon Clrck. 5.1oo 

[ 
M< 

FEE PAID 

ENGINEERING 
POSITIONS 

NM L HiAVV MHIIAIIK41 [CUIPKIIII MFCR. H1oCAIIOI/ AND IIIIIR- 
VliWIHG COS1S PAIDI CHA1UMOIIIO URUR o?fOHIUMIII15 WI1H 
KKHlt SUMMUl IIHIOHH (OUP. 

CH1IFIND. {NCR: 5 YRS. (XP 
HYDRAULIC [NCR: 3 YRS. -I- EXP. 
IND. ENGINEER:! YR. + EXP. 
HCH-FOREMAN: 1 YR. + EXP. 
TECH REP: M/UNr.BKRO. 

$15X4- 

12K+ 
HK4- 
I1K + 

U-14K + 

CAtL TOM SNOW 
1o2 W. RECTOR 

341-2551 

SMELLING PERSONNEL 

CONSULTANTS 

EXPERIENCED 

Express/News Box 4598 

EMPLOYER PAID 

FffS ONIY 

INDUSTRIAL fHGINiERS 

7ol7K 

IE* 

 iril.Vf] {[mirL(nl) 

 afCTRICAl ENGINEERS 

VETERAN APPROVfD 
DURHAM 

225-54o1 
I O J Son F.rfroof Main 

INDUSTRIAL 
Start g1 SHOGOf yr. DA-BS 

 wilh <?a«J ocodfmfc bocSrgroor.d. M- 

D i i"i" " i f,^\j i , ~ i i . / 
' 
*IIM/ in 1.1., u.. Kit 
" 
49fiK •^'^luL-ol wi'l txrlnvoketl tiS the ar-.al- 
Beierili Urjf, jtneral.n 
$18K 
SrVleni Aml/ir, pig ei? 
S^OK 
Uin.hes ygr,Ktt 
>«K lyjis, CfveiMmenr arwj impiem?n"a. 

P«riliiiicS Mgi r.eial parK 
$19K 
(DP Operctisns HJI. mlgr 
52oK 
I«|r MS'. BSChl. ag iliem 
$3oK I ll«i ol pxiifinp prolecti. Experience 

Mgr [m;!oy«e lehlioni 
S3DK 
VP Finccie, (eel tifcie 
$35K 
Vareriol Ccniiol Mjr. MEA 
$3SK I ^^o111 o" ^wrnttii. 3O-23*!.3 

M 
TrxMnpiCMi Emplcifrr.cnt Service 

•125? Jcckson-Keilcr 
Su.te 1oi 

' 
ElAPLOYEKs PEHS67INEO 

SERVICE 

''We P"ate Ti^e Profe^lor.ali'' 

LOCAL AND NATIONAL i 

 l»,NORTHWEST C E_H T E H M Al_ L 

E N G I N E E R : MlTor Chem.->«tj pd. Han f^m, lap ber.t, ill ill.K3 

John veil, Ml-2iSb 1o3 v^, dicier 
Spelling Perionr.ei Consollnnli. 

 coMPuTElT 
P E R S O N N E LI 

, 
Roli« cd^onc*. 

 n! an merlti 6SJT44o 819o Village 

COMMUNICATIONS HELD 

SERVICE ENGINEERS 

MAC, 

 leod Atilvc or Inodlv* 
ParHi 

 ilh $1o,ooo 1o 17o,ooo worklrvg 
G! or line ot credit. Reply lo 
• 

'J3 CATCR1NO 

FOR SALE 
I navrj <5oo sa fr. nxMerrt build on Scuiruitfe of Son Ah1on,'Qin»c 
3, vrlii enlcr Jnla b u s i n e s s v* 

Ijllan person and wcric 
(17 bo 

. - - . .1-4 tteys a wcc>-. Ho nlct4nM 

 related l>uirnc»ci Lonvttfcrod. Hep 
Johnson, 337 E. ••--•-• --- * - • - 

Bu*inai* pporfunit 

Wanted 

QUICK PRINT SHOP 

WANTED 

[n • ScuIN Tcxns. Going ccnc*rn or 
—•U buy like-new cqu'pmcti), equity 

WrMe or coll Mr. Die* Reavts 
M«re Nevrtf 
Dumoi, 1 

 oney lo Lend 

Equitable Trust Co. 

\Vi;.SI'Ki:i,M.IXK 

CHAtTtL or MAL 

EST/WE NOTES 

FINANCIAL LEASING 

FACTORING ACCOUNTS 

RECEIVABLES 

INQUIRE* CA4-o3M 

1618 KBC Ildj., Sen knlemo. lei 

SMAV.L HONOR LOANS 
JUST PROMISE TO PAY 
A & A CREDIT m-m? 

HO CREDIT 

CALL UNION FIMAKCE, 113 UT1 
( 

Financial ""'^r,'^ 

-Inve.lrnQnH 
J^SO^J 

EXPANSION CAPITAl 

DEEDED 

Fait grorK^ig smo'.l com pa ay i>«dJ 
Ho.ooo hxin for p'owih copllol. will secure wilh tnulpmcnl or occountf rccdvo&fM. Will pay 
1o% Inlcrcif 

 plus SX Cil^lly pOTllkin. Prefer rx- 
OJunJaM.or oltcrncy Ihol'would also handle Ihe occounlkvq or Icoal work. 

I will call vr 11 hcomp1«te d*lom. 

Cfaisti btyn June 4 

* Mod. Aii'r./Clinical 

*u 
* Mod. A»i'l./Crcricol. 
Am * Ocnftil Afiinanr 

L'' * lofaAsiManl it Ava'.lcblr 
CAll 324-o^57 

S.ft, CCHLEGC Of MEDICAL 
MJD DENIAL ASUHANIS 

 iOS fAST UAVJi 3T. 

 fHROii fjQw rat 

DAY4N[GHTClflS$fS 

o-11*1 opprav.d (or rroWng al 
I'bfe V»ui4nt orvd War Ophant. 

Awld15"8 
" Alr tolMtl 4 

Metrioftk» 
« C«mm«rikil Art 

225-3253 
!9I3SJIores 

Alrllnc-Trcrvil 
Carcci 

 nltr/xiHofio1 Syil«m* IHC. 
Train In Dotlat 

CALL 3<1-»m Eit. ]M sea An!on 
Photography 824-2451 

CLASSES 
-WOKKSHOPS 

LAN D E STUDIO UJ] McCariWt 

KEYPUNCH IN 4 WEtTKS 

CFiM £OLJOAT(OH CEMTER 

5J3 JPROQ.KLYN 
22<^9 

High School at Homo 

Founded l*J7. ConA/cling OM ol lr> larQeit High SfFxxi4 pfoorami In r" wwJd. Our crotfuojej fiovr cntc^ aver 6oo colleges & unlvortlllti. A proved lor veteran Irclntrxj, Low ti 
11cm Inci^tei lent*. Write or coll 

REAL ESTATE GO. 

MOVING & STORAGE"IH>SIHCSS| I 
'n lowtr RO Gfflrxle VoHcy ol T«x- ji. ItaiMntKn \ McAllcn, Tcxat, (3) 
Trocltx trailer mills] (1) 2o "• Ot*-l lall; O) Fcrkllll; (1) Voi'et |ocv. all 

_ 
JJCO jxr rrwfilh. Conlacl KL_ 

 erl C. A l o r r l i l«Uj 
7664T16 or 

 wrlle: P. o 
Dax iOS7, W i c h i t a 

N.s. ncauly solan, wen 
__ 

 vrllrt pood clltnSdc, Owner rttirlrig. 
Excellent oroorlunlly lor ixxtd iwlr- 
ACmRgAv"s^l-TY 

OICMICAL ~- 

G o i n g 

CSfTLouVidry7 Gcod t'eSaTT'oFkiaif 
Pick up rxiynMftli. «J-6Mj. 

 ntonx orronruNiry 

Sp««d OUMH c«ln «Mrat«d laundry and dry clianlnfl cinl*ri ROW availa- ble, alia n«w 
ItcoMMi (or niw 

 lTor*t. Gcntrou* IrflilvU altowcMC* fin «id •mjipminl wh*n purthailna niw. rer fnfernwlloii _p4ran« w wrlH 
. 
_ 

Gri rtayd, 
512 -fMjn, linb 7«7J|. 

.Wilh 

.. Son Anlinb 7«7J|. 
POND COWAHRCIAL SALHS yuTiioRiztm DiumauTOR 

>N*WA FOR HETNT' icpl. Oood tecolioo. 

GAS DRYERS 
J»|wtM««r^-m4»r« 

3«3 Jackwood 
(M-37711 

Le^sget 
Technical 

Register Now 

 fOR 

NEW CUSSES 

• Air Conditioning 

Refftgerotion 
Radlo-TV 
Drafting 

*pfi«>id b> ih. IIIDI 
I 

 tiunnjt ^f iSgibl* Vtiiiim I 

227-7346 

Parish-Draughon 

TECHNICAL IN ST. 
41 IE. MARTIN 

S.W. CLECTfllCAL «, 

UECHANICAL INSTITUTE 
PIOYtHIW 
5W-JS 

A«ro Tech, 

Auiitant* 

U) BROADWAY 

\Vonl la be o model? claim aval olilc. 87J.1W- Fox Mwlc'llng studio 
7o76 San Pedro. 

San Aniouio 

Headers' 

Marl 

(Person to Person) 

(Non Com mo rein I) 

Want Ads 

1o Words 
1O Times 
$2.oo 

Call 

225-1666 

MECHANICS INBINHKi 

 rrcj iB^irfri teif.'anl lo 13. SX 

 f'xi'W 
Fo ItK 

N3!irtolGfllO;>elcl:.:n 
F»?IK 

Ser :rOi*ngfna>n«tt 
Fo l^.SK 

Dtujn Ing rtef, FICCIM 

TolC.SK 

 flojttl E^a-eci.Cc.uni.S I Hj. 

Tt>2SK 

HYX-lcni,. 
JOK + 

CIVIL S STRUCTURAL 

ENGINEERS 

 till V''i< hljralcil. C 

Fo2SK follK 

Slrtd. 

To?!K + 

F»!OK 
To I8K 

Dunhili 

PIRSONHflSIRVia 

464 CPM South 

349-1744I 

. M I. 

(Aclori, aclcwioi, lingpn, 

11 fylure lcatuf«: (ilins. TV cor.v 

Till' (lilslill)< (V 

I'rmliirlion Crnup, Inc. it comp'olmg Oitk Filrv. F'fcoic 

I \|in-"Ar*.s Hu\ 'MVI 

 oucAi.rfi.w.' lll.l«ll.\ II) \.M.-I, 

RBTlRgD PHYSICIAN 

'rTJom'c nnifonwlde cariipany h 

;erving cva'laolt (of lull lln\c t^ 

HEW ORLEANS. LA. 
Muit be HlQ&la lor Loultla(u II cenjf, cxteHtnl tor rclirtd M.D, or 
O-O- 

CALU COLLOCT mil IH-Wl 

Or tnculr* 

_ 
_ 

Co nip u I « r Pgrnvi. fco pd. 1 
HA.OW 
S«w.ly Analyif, fee pd. (o 11i,W 

 vtUlori tMOrrr 

VflUly HI t!fnp|«yTM(it Sirvlc* 

PERSONNEL 

CONSULTANTS 

U) W. HECTOR 
J41-UV 

WE PLACE PEOPLE 

 ll.M Mr. DRAFTSMAN t1 Hr, . 

Cftil JoAn'*531o151. 3»4 K 
St>u1h! 

Crcii- JWil lie rtoceriMM Varvlc 

Q^I'lll OJU 1444 C«*f M 
LOCM IMflOYMENl UtVKl 

OVERSEAS ASSIGNMENT 

If you arc a field service engineer wilh a minimum 

 of thtec years direct M/O experience (military or 

 civilian) in any of Ihe areas listed below and are 

 interested in joining one of the world's fincil ser- 

 vice organizations, Collins International Service 

Company [CISCO) would like to hear from you. 

• HIGH POWER HF SSB FRT-39/4o AND Co11INS 

RADIO URG SERIES 

• SATELLITE GROUND TERMINAL MSC-46 

• MESSAGE CENTER TECH CONTROL OPERATOR 

• CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE - 

KW-7,KW-26,KY-8. 

This position will require evidence of graduation 

 from an approved cryptographic school v/ithin the 

 last 36 month*, and DD-I435 to verify compe- 

 tence, 

AH applicants applying far any of tlie above lisfed 

 positions must have or be able lo secure secrel 

 security clearance and bo willing lo relocate to one 

 of East Africa's most modern and attractive cities. 

If thuse positions are of interest to you please send 

 o detailed resume listing experience, education, 

 equipment type familiarity, clearance held, salary 

 requirements lo A.L. Nash Supervisor Administra- 

 tive Employmenl, Collins Radio Company Inlci na- tional, Dallas, Texas 752o7. 

We will have a represenlativc in your area the 

 week of April 19-26 to interview selected applicants. 

 r.oi.i.iNs 

COLLINS RADIO COMPANY 

HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR 

Psyciu'afn'c residential treatment facility — 
6o bad in-patient facilities — needs a ma- ture, responsibte leader. Must have MAH and 2 years experience associofed m health care for children or adofescenfs. Is responsible for file operation of lite hospi- tal, for the application and implementation of established policies, and for tiaison among governing authority, medical staff, and Ihe departments of the hospital. Good salary, full company benefits paid. 

Send resume to Express-Box 5868 

Management Trainee 

Excellent opportunity for man with sales background. National organization of 
Health and Athletic Clubs, o Guaranteed; starting salary plus 

 bonus 

• Opportunity for rapid advancement 

 with fast growing organization 

• Immediate employment 
• Many Company Benefits 

APPLY IN PERSON, JUDY ROHM 

TRIM & SWIM HEALTH SPA 

1335 N.E. LOOP 41o 

PHYSICAL THERAPIST 
PhD PSYCHOLOGIST 
CHILD PSYCHIATRIST 

AH Applicants apply lo Iho following compony: 

Lunrnlnrj, Development 

& Cammunf'cari'on! Cantor 

 of Amorlca, Inc. 

CINlUtY HOG. }}]( tin Anlan'o, 7I1U 

FULL COMPANY BENEFITS PAID 

[qv.l OpJM.tf«-,!lv |r«rjftrpr 

TRAINEE POSITIONS out to nc*itJ nc*i>< prcKYvol^oni, AaTwrval r njv/ hlirng, || you or« lor a coflipoov ttxil car\ (Xier 

(uKi/t> and 9ood 
COJltf>Or\y 

KKh m: paid vacallon^ t'ct 

, 

Calltot 
, 

VA 
Op- 

 of iiduniniion 

: 'Rtlol.cnl. I 
, ,- . . . _rorllng. rodH. 
Iiv) of free knee writing 

 paiMfsn »("> o (ul(,r«, 5 oViy. *' ndnkiri E run I aymie n1 Service 
Diner 

KINO CMl'LCVMEHT SERVICE 
HlkKOADWAY 

FASHION SHOP 

MANAGER-TRAINEE 

S3.fjCO-111.ooo AHD UP 

ALL FEES PAID 
MINIMUM ReoytREMENrs 

1 >f fcihlcrv rrwrchorxjiiir,a 

1 yr flOof S'-werviilwi 

Tro'n locally w'.fh relcKUlicn in SsuJhMiT, CaH Mr, Frosl 

EJ*LM>YER5. PERToNHEL^Seiji?^ trfACHETRS 
V/ A II T E D AT 
ALtT 

LEVELS Foreign B. Dwr.estlc Tcbch- crs Oo< MiJ, V a n c o u v e r , Wmh. 

Mechanical Drafting 

_JoHfsrwd firm rooking fof 7 qoali- fted rA«cJw."i:cal DralllFV] Perionrel 
1 scnlcr drqUsrr.O", m'n.mTfn 3 yr%. 

 dfaltsnr.on, < 
~ " 

STRUCTURAUNGINEER 

 fEE PAID 

PRODUCTION MANAGER 

S2o,ooo fEE PAID 

If you htj*« gootf *ipir|»rM» In 
It*.| iDbillotloni and are 

I ab>» 

D.g 

PURCHASING MANAGER 

$16,ooo 
REPAID 

STRUCTURAL CHECKER 

$15,ooo 
FEE PAID 

Muir hove a ia|:rf itrudufal dt- lailing bBiVgr«wnd and tern* e«fi*fl<rx* ai a <h(ik«i. Strong lanpony Vfilh«Ktell«nlbenefin. 

PROGRAMMER-ANALYSl 

$15,ooo 
FEE PAID 

 p. Prl.-xjo bcneflls. E . 

 mplcryfr. FOf oppc'nl- 

 olyll bockgiound and' 

• •perUnc* on 36o^37o OS. 
M.ii be Hro-,g I,, COBOL. PL/1, and ALC. 

PROJECT ENGINEER 

$15,ooo 
FEE PAID tiMl o«grP, and ofclfity to m«iiify ond icpatr fotgi- ht-ovy 

$14,ooo 
FEE PAID 

Mutt have knowltdge «f coriretc ooif welding pfvi abfirr 

 o5» prrcplv and m*«( 

 adUnrl. 

MECHANICAL EHGINEtR 

 fEE PAID 

ENGINEERING TRAINEES 

Sio,ooo+ fEE PAID 

C'-il, >«lthani[al. Indullrial. 

 gpenol cnlry u'd.1*" P°' 

SP ASSOCIATES 

EXECUTIVE RECRUITERS 

Pioltilior.ol Fn-.ployintnr 

ConluftonU 

PROJECT MANAGERS 

SUPERINTENDENTS 

$I6-$25K 

Conpony hov imnt^iaFt 

 re^t'ierrrf f« two fcp irrf-vfj-jelv 
»Wi (diidfufcle optritme Rpti- tii -tg r.u^r si'ts :n rwihufl ig 

 tntnl Suptnnlf idfnu Milh iirii'oi i*dui1ry ttpucie anrf 

Insurance 
Accountant 

 h t ,,cpt,,rcTO[_, ,„„,„„„„,. 

 r p«if, Kfkiig i^v^tolwilh levtrcl 

 r ytwi iniurant? etdcnfing tip, 

 r fion. C«cd oppor^udily (ir arf 

I v:o<(rr.(il ro treoiurer pciil'sn 

! 
Tend United Inturante 

Trainee TWO, Col 

1 e tie roquUed, outskmdirx) proarom far Inoie InlercH- corcrv in InsucoiKf claims, 
^c clalmi Ifwough aMorncv*- s, ond wlta«sei. Car fuiiti&hcd 3*5-23»l. ion £mf>J oyrr.cn I Scrvlc 

- 

COUEGE 

Retail Manager t-\\K. Foe pd 

A 
1 y*"- "P' Lcdies Tgih-oos 

J 6X^OSa6 2446 Csegee 

IOCKE EMPIOYMCNT SERVICE 

MODELS 

 r 
TV C&utWiic worSf. r'Att'i and 

 iwfl. No lixptfrlencv rcqjircd. Will 

<lljm Dr. 
~ME?N"&~ WOMEN 
1 i;olknv>: TV 
Co(i>niwt-«'i few 

MARJO COS/,VETICi ot Ind twrj. Cx- 
" ii| Pay • HO F<FCI rec.ulr<d - Mo 

 i ANALYST: 

 tee pud by ioj tce. tee paid by lop compan 

•17.oM Cell Tom Sharpfl TJl-jJil 
«UW>g & Sncllliff itl Wandciland l Service 

DIRECTOR Tor child care ccn'cr In 
'-' 'crsol O'ly. O«orce required wffh 

 loui leochlno c*perle*ce. Grxxl tirvf (Qkxy v,l!ri paid vacation), mllcd apparlunJIy vwllii nrowlrxj 

San Antonio boifd o^rallsns. Apply 

 ay, h<xrj » lo 5. 

Level wilh l co. 

 tc iolet ne»p!c, l i c e n s e iwt 

 lerrrf. ExctHlenl OMrlwviriti J la callow t. 
Irairvlnn, 

I >-cr«n'l looking for 

 orM? to do o fob, txj would not be 

Now pDr^c ol (nlai^icvtiny women who ore content carrTng SI25-S15o 
OrxJ rren wi^h no COi^,. -..,, 

 moVn 
$12CX) n rronlh of 

 more, who wanf to slay wilh* cnc career anrf wiic know- how ro lckc on a now jcb and do w!ialevcr i! foVm la gor i"r conn. To I hoi Vmd of pcriixi. we ton allot 43oo-wecfc crC 

 full company 
D 

Call for Appl. 

ROB BLUMENSTEIH 

349-371o : 

LICENSED 
;( 

LIFE 
- 

INSURANCE •' 

SALES 

National company v>- 

. noodi cxporloneod t;^ 

Ufa person to fill spot .- i 

• •" in caplivc market syi- . . j 
' tarn. Muit bo a salf» j 

;• irartor, (icomad, and -^ J 
, . willing to work and'^ 
-;, loarn, 
. ^^ 

« Salary, all Oxpon*o$ 
>f * 

B 

 ald, plwi bonuics 
' * ' 

 nlquc markotfng 
^* 

 and acceptance 
.>*" 

• individual ialos to 
«^r 

 conditioned groups 

• Daylimo sotling- 

•—-lomo iravol 
^ r 

• Tremendous Ineomo lt' T 

 potontial 
- f ^ 

A chnncc to b o c o m e ) > p A affiliated with a na- > ; « 
Hanoi, growing com- * t \ pony. 
:.v 

Cflll 
Wayne frciling vt 
341-2246 

F 
GLASSER'S 

341-2246 
:-\ 
T 

ART GALLERY ; 

E ipcds nn opening for cnwgolic ioJci person viilf nn nrh}hc flak, pleoiiptj rwf1* sono'ily, veil fjroon\cd Tliii 
-.petkil person will ^lo"^l to" tell ori and design cutlpm 

Sday—OJO6 
1 

 lo co-Tinofisufvtc 

APPIY OHIY IN FUiOrl TO 

WISS MEYIRS AT 
L 

 mii> mtTtKi AI • 

)52?N.MAtN 
;• 

IU»DAY.1MURDAY9.4, i* 

^H**> '^'•'^ -*^^ 
" 
" 

. 

 bonui( «K. 

Cotl Mr. Porno, 
_ 

 ip ASSOOATDS Proiiii'lO 
°1 Empliymeni Ceniuitan 
_lh-SJIl — UM Plain W u'rord'ciVii brafuin>dn" 
W.E. ilmpun CO, 

ACCOUNTING 
PLAN; 
Cllftnls oil 

 jrnall c« ownerj. 
1I2M 
+ tomni. 

Jill Davit, HI-7J51, 1o3 W. RoCloV 
5ocll|n9 PeriQ^rvnel .CcjIUUMTJS^ j 

 sAtrv* UM MOVI to MoTit. >v'o9 
\JU/ thiiiml!*d potintloi . iWlitf. 

KING EMPLOYMeMT SEHVIC^[ 

1W1 OROADWAY 
SUJTB'W: 

FREC SHOES 
^P"' l^ivt 
Kfvopp 
Sftot 
Sn'fti 

Repreienlai.vcs earn b^g coivmil- 

 tlt>n} aryd n,-vcr r.uy jfi^i 
No M- 

 veilrr^nll rrce Iro'nlnn pfoo/anll 

 fnlereilfd? VVflM Kotk AlCflit*/.' If* 
^"ft* ^erv*.re' Drotklon.^Man, o3-wt 

FORD DEALERSHIP I 

DIAL-A-CAREER 

INANCI*!. CON 

SULTAMT •ir-jo 

<M\ m-irn. Doll/ rrordlca ol 
_ - . — 
Jot) 
Optn'ngi. 
Ul 
KorCvMtil 

SUITD M 
Errfkntri Ptflomil SrfVIn 

 n'u1 

 s e^rlervcetl SALES* HEP, 

Conlntll. Cu 
. car rifcl I n hcoiilllvl hill 

 rind' mi help li llm(i!e vHl 

[WIII-FICWI cxj. Hi uni ir> i 
Iva lo oci rti» i 

I irorii 

Sixth Page 
Wont Adt Exprwhtews, Sunday, April 14, 1974 

A VERY SPECIAL COMPANY IS LOOKING FOR 

A VERY SPECIAL SALES PERSON 

WE OFFER: 

PRESENT 
• A substantial draw up to 

$4oo a week against. the best commission in the in- dustry. 

• A first class profit sharing 

 plan 

• life insurance 
• Other benefits 

FUTURE 
• Genuine sales opportunity 
• To substantially increase your 

 income via a soles position 

• Where your income is geared 

 only to your efforts and capability.. 

"Plu« wo add a little lavo and comfort if the going gets rough." 

Also Management Opportunity Available 

"A SPECIAL PLUS" 

Company cor within a one year period furnislied, based only on your efforts, puts you in the driver seat of a NEW PLYMOUTH FURY III. 
(That ain't bad!!) 

ARE YOU THE TIGER WE ARE LOOKING FOR? 

TRY US, YOU'LL LIKE US! 

CHEMCO CHEMICAL COMPANY, INC. 

115 Cole Street 
Dallas, Texas 752o7 

PHONE: (214) 747-98o5 
Please Contact Rudy Fischl 

 c 
Tnhnlol 

*18,ooo-*24,ooo 

Starling Incomo Range 

EXPERIENCED INDUSTRIAL CHEMICAL 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE WITH 

SALES MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL 

\S't> WQ a foil Drawing nwrtufacrvfO o( induiliiol, municipal, militulitXKjl ond Eoiiimoicial c domical products. Our carvlinvccj vixtcu doperxJi on luccotiful, f-pt-'riewed solas icpieicn- 
Pofivci who o1o oble to immediolely ilop up lo snfei monoge.^cnl poiilkmi in \he San Anltxi-o oieo. We JeuV, fwopte who ivc QvKik>i>*. resourceful and *clf-Hairing, They nay Ktue reached o.1 mcume peck wiiK ihcii present chemical compcmy and cfeiL/c higher corrwniivoni and nwre bcnefili o/'d «iu opj Mr-fun., y fo manage their o*n jalci force. Tho luccunful cn'M^KftilG will IOCCIVL- intensive Iraininrj in cur piodvtli and will inimctfialcly star, icceivi'ng higher ccxnmii- noni twi hij own production. Acccfernlfd advancement fo lo'cioionofjcmi-nt is boiedon biio*nabikly. Starting mcOft-o bmcd on experience a.-xJ qualifi'carioni. Con-pony cor nnd oihoi btfpuf.li aie Included. To ar/anye a purional, confi'dcn- linl interview h Son Aironio, ca'l: 

214-748-681 1 

Or Send A Resume AIRMAIL to: 

D. M. GORDON, 

NATIONAL SALES MANAGER 
3o8 5. Walton Dallas, Texas 75226 

MAKE MORE 
'74 

| 1 need 1o STRONG SALKS I'KOI'LE 1 

 t"imi|»U-u- Tr.iinini; 

I..M.K tiouj iM.rJ.ini; n-mlim,,,., 
I lii;li c jrnine [KJU'lilial 

5 CALL 
349-1383 g 

•'" 
TO BEGIN WITH 

YOU MUST HAVE 

A FEELING FOR PEOPLE 

Thol'i boiic to everything wo do. And what wo have done is build an outstanding company whoie past accomplrihmGnt* speak loudly of what the future holdi. 
' 

W« ore imoll enough for you to be of utmost 
Fmportanco ond largo enough to offer all tho lecurily you and your family will ever need. 
Mantek manufacturers the- finest quality Indus- trial product! available In today'* market and it recognized cu one of the foitcit growing cor- porations In America. Wc offer realistic oppor. tunity for o person In lales to reach income goals o* $2o,ooo to S25.ooo annually [high 3raw ogojnif <omml»lon} ond progress Into soles management as soon as his capabilities allow. jndustrFal experience is not necessary. What is important is your sales ability or potential and your doilro to grow financially anef otherwise in direct proportion to your own productivity. 
Oon'l think It's caiy. It's not. You must be willing to dp two things most people will not do — woric hard and think. 
If you fir the above, toke a minute and give us a call. We would like to talk with you. 
To arrange a personal and confidential Interview 
M" 5""1 1°*: 512—225-2581 In Son Antonio) 

 nndol'' *?"' )St>1' °"cr * AM (Ou'-of-lown, call COLLECT!! 

 iMANTEK 

P. o. Box 22263 

Dolloi, Texas 75222 

IiII 

OPPORTUNITY 

! 

M%^&ffS^^^^N^R^^^^t 
WHO HAVE AUIOMOBIU SAltS EXFERIENCfc BUI Will CON. 
SIDER PEOPLE WI1H SAIES BACKGROUND IN REIATEO FIELDS 
?.9^-?J»ST BE AMW"OUS- AGGRESSIVE AND REAtIZE THAI 
I SUCCESS IS THE PRODUCT Of KNOWLEDGE AND HARD WORK 
9 IKE PEOPIE SELECUO Will BE THOROUGHLY TRAINED By US 
| AS WELL AS CHEVROIEI MOTOR DIVISION, GENERAL MO 
1 TORS CORPORATION. WE OFFER TH[ HJLL LINE OF BONUSES 
• AND FRINGE BENEFITS. JOIN THt NO. 1 TEAM. 

E 

 j SEE IN PERSON ONLY 

94OO 

—BILL THOMPSON 

SAN PEDRO 

LOOKING FOR 

GOOD JOB 

.1 tft cf our hcme iScp 
'iciilitmttkhewnk.™ 
?;.«" «(i_3oo «G«ry rff.T! 

Iht Irwk cid pc/ c'l 

 upend «d 1oo rigour 

(cireT.tn. The ce« I *rei 
' l o i<ri.!<crlcr wha tat wj.S Mrfe lupirvmei crrf 

W't Itrfoilcw.ftgbfref li:l 

WESTERN WEAR SALES 

*»«a fcotd. «c^'«lj,tl tl ..ir.rn tun 
IPCTIMH Ik'il,, [,m t ki(> wn 
|XTl.ici. n.,j, ,,j<rii=iid K'.i ,t 
'icv.l l.icv Skl>lo«lijl jinbl,, buMHii. (..ikxl Jt.r,, Slut,. OwLr, 

' 
. 

JJIMH1 W. 

SALES*SEAVICE: 
Eroanoulq 
Corp 

Terrlllc oo»rlu"lly. JJ.MO. Coll 

JeK Dorll, Ml-l»1, 1o1 W. Klclei 
SnelH.^ firwnnel Conigllon». 

~ 

Rcirtl •»». 

KIHO EMri'oyWRHT SERVICc 

Ui "F^ t.W. MILITARY 
M«-Jn 

"^"YbUR 
BACKORSUKS 
Ts~"lH 

SALES <v cvflcr»f/~ Ifrcvlc*. vot-r lorenli nw/ III our Aeeoi. v;« or, loofct^a for on aocreiiJve tell I|<M). cr who it not sallilled swlt*i Ini 
Ttan }7oo rxr weeJ( Income, vcor fl. prefer pe/wn who wcuiti to 

 end Is ro~OIIO 

Deb'.l 3c.«i 115o 'tf< .4- Co-Tim. 

GCT DOWN 

 fO PACTS 

VOCOilCltl |o fill, MKO OtXXO'. 

?COt a week, fof 
Uiffrvrcw, coll 
^. 4-«3lrC 7)6-4177, llom flp*n 

CAREER 

OPPORTUNITY 

Large tor-porotlori hat outstanding opening. 
Prefer Individual wild businoss or lalos 

 background. 
Es- 

 tablished Sun Antonio raiidunt. Must have managerial ability and 
Show progroil for agu. 
StorHng salary to 

Sl.OOO par monlli plui incentive <ompcnia- tion. Our employe at know of thii ad. lead reium* 19 P.O. Eoi 37567 

Son Antonio. Ttr. 7B216 

TEIEPHONE SALES 

SALARY 

C.ll Mri. OMrii, CA5-6333 

AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE 

ASSOCIATION 

SALESMEN 

(4oo up. Will lro)« III* t-MU/crXf. CoM 
Eli Wt-mi 7orr San Pfdr«. 

If You're 

Looking For 

Something 

More 
In Sales 

This Is What 

We 
Offer! 
- 

 sl 2,ooo to 
S5o,OQO 

 per yr. tomm. 

Rco! Lviait Coip. 

 l^pjioii. 

Men and Women who: 

SALES 

REPRESENTATIVE 

Ihe BACA GRANDE Corp., o leader in land development, needs sales orienled men or women lo qualify prospective buyers on our new "Fly Up Belore You Buy" program. 

Above overage earnings easily available. 

For appt., call 344-8562 

ADVERTISING 

Tliora is a pIcDjant, exciting career waiting far you at 
THE EXPRESS and NEWS. Our WANT ADS Depart- ment is looking for peopla to soil advertising by phone lo tile thousands of businesses and individuals who depend on WANT ADS. You will receive professional training on selling and creating both' large and imall ads, rotes, copy writing, copy acceptability and Iho many other facets ol producing WANT ADS. 

You will receive two weeks cfossroom and eight weeks on-llio-plione training, at which lime you will be as- signed your own accounts to sell and service. Previous experience is not necessary and you will be paid while training and gaining experience. A bonus is possible after three months. If you are interested in discussing this job, you MUST TYPE 4o wpm and be able to spell. 
We offer good company benefits. 

Apply Personnel Offite 

9:3o to 17:3o AM only 

EXPRESS and NEWS 

Equal Opportunity employer 

Are You Looking For 
A JOB or A CAREER 

Wc Irtvp cperin-.i for 5 people inlcici'cd in a ccmui «i com'r.y 
S3CO-S5oo n wrc-St wilJi nulCT.oKe i/KiociiCi cuili yum- 

* Retirement * Kospi.oNzation + Imuronte 

Ssle* C"pc".frx? nor r.cccisary. Our successful people tcmc \rorn o'l wo'ks. ol liler X-S:bDol Jr-afbers, Po'itcrrrn, Mini Hen. Xovle 
Salc^nn. o'C. H you cie of gcod chaiatltr, nuat appealing oiid 

CALL MANAGER 

924-653o, 653-8491 

 f r-H 

,-e.% ,.l. be (Oid^t.-ed n San 

April 15th through 

April 19th 

CALL 

J.R. ROBERTS 

736-1927 

If you have a good 

 telephone voice and u 

 pleasant personality, we can train you for: 

• Top Salary -I- Bonuses 
• Excellent company benefits 
• Good location & working conditions 
• No Selling 
CAU 

MRS. KNOX 
684-7811 

HOME SALES 

Openings for outstanding men ond women in both our 
-Real Estate Division and our Builders Division, In- tegrity, intelligence, and successful soles backgrounds a must! For interview appointment coil Mr. Rabb, 
82o-5591'between 4 and 5 Monday thru Friday. 

Jim Singleton Companies 

Home Sales Over $ 1,ooo,ooo A MonMt 

NCR 

Accounting Computer Division 

Don't mlij your opportunity to itop Into Iho growing camputtr Inc/uitry with NCR. You'll en|oy o good *olory plui top working condllfoni and binaHti with a non- d«f«ni* *mployor. 

Play a vital rol« In the development of new product! ... work In a now faflllry ... and en|oy iho crisp, cl«tm afr of 
Kama* ... where outdoor recreational opparfunftfet abound, Fifty-eight state parks, fakes and fedora) roior- volrt offer iwTmmEnn, boallnn, camping and picnic facili- ties wltMn a abort dlttanco of Wfchlta. 

Programmer Analyst 

To aistst In the deilgn and programming of ftnanclol and manufacturing Information tyilamii 8111 of Materials, In- ventory, Purchasing Syitonu and Payroll. 1-2 years of programming oxporlemo preferred. 

I1o7M. Wkhlic 

 equal opportunity employer 

TECHNICIANS & 

TROUBLE SHOOTERS 

ImraecTak openings now txiir on finl cr.d ttiond ihifH for (epoblf in. dtvicueti wilh tome Ironing or eipriMr.ee En elriliOHlrs. 
Will ho« Iht oapoiltnii^ lo jio« wilh iMi mojor «!(irronit firm, lutllenl irince beneFilt iitiudingi groop Kdjtlli a«d l^ft inluront*. educolional o1- liitence pregro-nj, piclir ihoiing en4 eifelknl woibwig [ondilioni. 

Apply in person or send resume to: 

Motorola, Inc. 

Route 1, Box 223 

Seguin, Texas 78155 

The employment Office Is located on Highway (16 near the Cuadalupo County Airport. 

Equal Opportunity employer M/f 

I" 
I 
I 
III 
I 
I 

SPECIAL AGENT 

San Antonio-Austin Area 

Experienced • with good agency following desirable. Salary open. Company cor fur- nished plus expenses and excellent fringe benefits. 

Reply in cortfiWence or call COLLECT 

(713) 529-8775 

UTICA MUTUAL 

Insurance Company 

P.O. Box 22555 

Houston, Texas 77o27 

Loft Out 

In Tha Cald? 

Did rhc Seel Male Co. you were woiVing ler 

 go ojl ol B»smtii? 

If you oro IcoV ng lo ga w..|, a rehoblo c-vd liable company thii is the ;ob to: you. Coupon/ hcl bt-cn Tn 5A cica foi 15 yco.i. I cm looker, fcr 4 rop ialcirc-oplc- to h'.'p rrc lun quol-fiud Icodv. Top co«::m.s%'oii plui Hie tJiancc for nd- 

 vanccmp.Tl, IF yoj cie loolng 

 nia'il job. kl'i toli Coll "for ink'i.iuv/ ar 8?J ?343. 

WMyuwyumAiwi%i\g 

Salui Management g 

ASSISTANT 
2 

Due ra picrtfliw, lfc^rgr«HCr|.ff ( ' 
Kiiufa-^e tcnpcny rwi o«rjrg Ijr < ! quclf.fd cttiil3.il n Sen Irlerio. < hlilr!! (BT '(Cd fO D-T oIlKf o- rJ J , cll-er bentf.li Sa'sry. <cn i-iu.x.. > a»fjir^f. fringe tchtUi fit* o".ie ! i 

Biattdn r v c-j h 

 futl. o-.d c.ei.- ^t -,'fr.p ic-^c.-d(f.j ftcn IVspi A-Ji y&J (41 pel o VlV i<! 13 wi^V Iw ¥> 
U.-/, uK. nil, i.--H3i w Nit... s-'-.;'.' 
'"2 mitu 
\. 
. 
ItOUTE~SAUiS~ 

 am . , 17i-»J w*( FuU (racing! 
.dvancenxnri .O1-/W4 UOO Villas* 

RESIDBNfTIAL SALES 

Vant ort opixxti/nity 1o lo 'n or, «. obllJIifd NW fieoltM lo w»rr l<;ra end enjoy mokfnT rrcney? COM La; 

•• 1arniteyJJI.il-- •->—- 

ERRITOHY REP: G r o w t h IP.I, 
K«n «, Ironing, benellU, btntu coj- UWO Coll Ooll FO» r)!-114l 
•nUIUlo & Snelllftg Jfl WonJtrlOJid 
TASHIof'slES"" 
/mon*nT soleiiVxJUl /cw owlrnl^ 

.WTP. Fu'l iJiit, 5 rt^y w«ck, hoipl olltallon, pc!d vccollon. ExMrfcixt 
"^riarrerf. 
No phO'.e (rjirj pleoi* 

 opiy in person <o W'^ Ma»i/n«/ 

LENNY'S 

FASHION SHOPS 

W 
NORTH STAR MALL 

EVERAQG: Jcln Itoinng c«, karrt rxJ co/n benm f »V», colltgfl t 

 j attlrt needed. Coil Ooll re-x 7]?<Z?< 

Loil OpfMrlunlli' B»fert~"T(Ci B«iy 
Summer SCOIOT . , V/e <Jfe UrK*/< ly ^1e/et1ed In iicipln-i v*w <"r 
( r o m ju.iOO lo SlSAW v. will our ccrrtfoftv, b/ IMirtii ont) sell- 

 h o m e s , cOrTvnero'al pr iv Oful ra-.crt«i, , Prole 

 yixi lorfou/KJed w.lh the (fneit lull 
~nd port lime jol«i pco^Je w« iVjv 

 mfr-'mum riqi/rrcmeil Ihof you 

 corn 112.56o o vcor In cou.mMHam far yftufiel/. Coll r.ov, INTERSTATE 
R«al Ellof* (III7II. OM/I <XUiy id o p.m. I I 
"gygj 

Can you Irom lo MM a oo^d nrwJa and frgin rtrtfi? Prcftr roulemt 
A1H, or life Ir-n/rone*, vtKCvum . 
, 
, okmcn. Ifl^i «wrlnm, I oTilno at cur coil. CoJi 7 

 t 

S.A. (SAM) GREENE 

LAKECROFT, INC. 

A Division of U.S. Industries 

Need people to train in the 

REAL ESTATE Business. 

WE HAVE PLENTY OF LEADS 

AND NO SHORTAGE OF FUNDS 
** DRAW PLAN AVAILABLE **, 

CALL 822-5259 

«VW»T..<Vvf, i, «y,m,n,1il,,^v.t,l.l^|^,.,, ,^| 

SALES 

REPRESENTATIVE 

 fSWflllSHED ACCOUNTS 

Fl you live itiSon AiroTi'oo' Ihn iur/ouncjini] o/eo and orr- wiir.nij lo Irnvcl a 1oo niik- ind-ui foi o Nci' oriol Coi|>oro- 
I.on. cul Pojl Kclut-r, Rcc] or.ol 
Ho-mgcr ol (71 3) 77 1.26oi, ull dny Monrloy. Apnl 1 S 
19/M. 
If u.-ubli. lo call, v.f,ic. 

OXFORD CHEMICALS 

P.O. Box 8o2o2 
Allonln, Georgia 

3o341 

RETAiu MGR: Pieitr icme «jrp, fiale r» oJr«ct alhcri. wtll knawn 
WOO Coll Suvm KalMun IH 5)31 
Snclllng & Snttlkia 1HI Pol Booker 
EMPJ-OYMEBr itRVICE 

" il?.c«oi~'o>nvn. 

 paw. Mull Iw/e solid lores 

Thoowion E^npioymcnI Service fi» J<xM5rf>-K«iier_ 
^_ 
Sujl_e JDS 

SALKS $2W WK 

VflJJ Iroln, !««] trev»l, own fcetm. 
Coll Arui 31M??| ri/l San Pldro 

Co/Mr AiMClotei Cftmullnnli 

SALtrS MEN-WOMEN 

HANDBAGS 

UrSTANDING OPPTY. 

Me s e e k e»p*rlcnt;e<I com m I lUart 
-xloa^ Repi. lo enrry our OAHTO- har%,jtHJ9 lint. We Con o*(tc tt(t\- l (Kilvcrltj (rom oyf m o d e r n nhoyw In DALUA5. rfr,|;r« f n* itatK-Jd lhc«-c. Our eca>pon/ • is 

V/crhJi lvo*il In^Kflcr rjj po.iy. lor p*lc«d Vln/i arvj Leolinr nooj., will) wit i of over ill m::iicn v/c 

Publ.c company w:ih AAAl 
V/« pee^ 4>i.«-J£uf;4ii (o depf 
CK:/ o*od relolltri. HoMiui:/ 

 we can llnj rrwn who V.IW aro'w wUh 
'* ^i (he SOU1HV/E5T. V/rllfr lo 
TERRY MATTHEWS: . 

Sirco International 
7« $o. FULTOM AVENUE 

MOUNT VHRNOM, |J. V. !«»'." 

SMlllftff JL Intlllng in 

PROFESSIONAL 

SALESPEOPLE 

 large nalionwjdc company 
JcoVfng for rjun'jfi'ctl crpcricncc io.'ei people who aic infcceilcd i'< o proleisio-naf career. Op- 

. u i a n . 

STAT€ MUTUAL LIFE 

Phone GLEN BARTHOLOMEW 

• irWilNVAM.il 17 AH 

735-47o7 

SALES BEPl 3(-UKl E j t c a l l e n ' l dpportunltyl AdvorKern«nll Morvi] oui. flrmr i}}-7U4 UOO VUla«« Dr. 

T» vfrur'wiiTTriirci] •r'yfr.Thafl..., araund at riorvic, ond tJfawlna your 
'""H/. V/c have high comrtasilMis 

 m cnerfj/ iavkyj protfiKt every 

.ill, li iitktno f»p 

 ort 
Inlerejlcd 

Mlfrtoolirwi il srnlnllvei Ihot ort 
Inlerejlcd In 

 lalei nndjolfj mona3crr,«nl lo carfl ovtr ,»ooo n 3« ytor,, Tl.re. ytar 

 nonw l.-ol ni<io nrojrom, rrinoe jiKl.li. ilorllna lalory «ptn. Ri tired mll:lary Invllctf 
Coll Oieo C. Green, CLU 
3!!.51< 
Eq:»al ^K»rtTWilly_Cmp1i]re^ 
LEARM AND iAHlTpASreR w llcol tshjfe- flceme« (or w 

 w'-l ipoftior you 1o oxl irc«n«.> Do you ne«d a thofcu(/>. pror«BT{«il trolnlng rsoyofn To help you knrn ond earn rmler? Poalriom even la 
— • U.E.. K.W. o<id iou 
- Room lo otfrtmce In l. Coir tcxlny. 

T*TC "C»t EJTATC otrri o wert -til > n.m 

$7oo 

San Antonio 

Headers' 

Marl 

(Person to Person) 
(Non Commorclal) 
Want Ads 
1o Wards 1o 

Times 

$2.OO 

Call 725-1 666 

.SAL.L.S tlOMM. 

PROFESSIONAL 

DIRECT 
SALES 

 i\o NIGHT 
WO UK 

V LOCAL 

TERRITORY 
• NO CIIEDIT 

REJECTS 

 v" UNLIMITED 

I'KOSPECTS 

JOII\ IU--SI.I.N 

STILL NEED SIX 

PEOPLE 

IN SEGUIN AREA 

S/5o Min^rvum so'oiy. PokJ voco 
Kon. Compldc Iroin'ng ol company 
CMpeniu. Promolion ponibl« in 9o dayi. Solcclian boked on pcnonal 

 urvjcw rallicr I lion pai| 

 crTctx:c. 

Call Bill Duncan 

1—379-97oo 

Until 9 P.M. 

AVON 

 says 

M((T THE MEW YOU. f etIKtwgocd ii 
\tt\\ h hm( extra n*rty ct3 new 
Ir IJH!V fMtOYira wh^li.rtwtidli-v] 

226-o941 

FfRE AtARM S'ALES 

Part <w full lime, dlre<f axl home lolej. Maltc mor« convnlsiion on po.l l.'me boil* thon your full llmfl 

 ry' Full lime cwnlnol willmltiil. lUffn wwk. Greof leod pro- 

 yam. For kilwwkw. Mr. Bobcrli ot 

Be o Special H&nrw Fvrolihlr.o Salfli 
Reprnen1oll»» al home. Kxxe llmt. 

'mym «* weekly vo'ory. For In- 
" 
' y""° E"f""'lc"* 

FKEE 

RC*L ESTATE 

COUHit 

 lor on oppUconll occ.oled on o porl lime or fyll l*m« bovi> wlln cur compony. . Moinlng onu .vcnlna 
'!""", begin 
Tnurirto-, April :!. 
I7H. Cloiiei llmiieo1 to llfjl » on. 
Jt^!lJ>°P'' 
<"'W"' C°" 'M°'' 5"' 

•AT WAtKER'J Fliur. perNcllon 

Saron 
S*IW4 ror^n a_«ie(flfmepl wilh //rl. Rlqby 

5 AGENTS'NBEDED 

 fcr n«ih«<,-,t or N<yirr*eil Ollice 

Kii8riu yoO»TwAirf~A6~ 

BIG 

TICKET 
SALES 

Unlimited opporlunif/ lor in- tomt ond ndvantcnienl with expanding company ID *vll famoui brunds of dome fur* nishingiand appliances. 

* 4o hour work week 
* Htnpitalizolion and 

 life Insurance plans 

* Sick leave pay 
* Vacation & holiday pay 
* Bereavement noy 
•*• Purchase discount 

Call for appoinimenl 
Toudouze 

Furniture & 
Appliances 

97o7 Broadway 
' 828-8311 

LINE 

CLOSERS 

A mojl unique new ^ilo in ihu 
Trial Mill Counliy being developed by a Houilon baicd fiim. Conilruclfon and fnitiol houii-Ty uTK-'erwoy. IfxJrjc cwxl oif slrrp completed. Heavy quulificafion rciulli in 
5oV. 

C'OJC tCjt^O. Altfil hgVC |MQvcn soccei ifwl lund tulci 

 backgrounj. 

 for Interview <aH 

BILL SIMMONS 

(5112) 847-9614 

FULL TfME-PART TIME 
Vo fnmi, dtrVt, d*ci loU,, sh» or 

 i Vnc yej. vn>r I««V IM a JL/I, pcjrir^. Inn cur* fobMol PM»(M 
/d«H* for a Aij1) por^f rapid crEikHHl }«b T« cxio:ilrini. 

736-1616 

PHONE 

SOLICITOR 

 n% looVIno for lh« bfii Tek[*vo< relief in Siwi Anranlo, /Auil hq 
«fl*iX« In wflrVinq with dlro urmn — WB r*av« 1h| llrniT fo 
1 up koo li»l irxil an/ iplitit irJ i-vont, Sflfory li optn d(fv*fi 

 ifg Monoy Avalfabfo 

I'or pcrjonal Inlarvliiv coll 

/Ar, Q.VM3 

IKS IlEPRKSKNTATJV nifryt'fon t7jl(.m*flt Sort Ante w. So1f« ond rifllql, too,* nrv 
(, Mult h« o liTr-ircrier. ire 
CKvl (KX)» furnlilitd. Rtply 

Kordln, 51rown Mf K^XHidl x M5«, Do4ra», ItRQi 7S7M 

ANALYST PROGRAMMER 

We require a self slarler looking for a ground floor opportunity. Requires COBOL ond 36o/37o DOS experience. CICS experience desirable. Send resume ond solar/ experience to: 

Patrick J. Hamilton, Executive Director 

South Texas Computer Center, Inc. 

P.O. Box 1O78 

Edinberg, Texas 78539 

DIRECT 
SALES 

Mo raiting fo ll.c Pubkc? like Woiliog iho.1 Injun a rooking h'rjhtu commission? 

AGE NO BARRfER 

CHOOSE OWN 

HOURS 

PAID WEEKLY 

OR DAILY 

CALL MIKE 
225-2818 
225-2819 

I NEED EXPERIENCED 
PHONE SOLICITORS 

Musi ho»c al (col 6 monlhi e*peiiencc. I wonl somconn 
*|ID fi rK)l olraid lo wc.V hofd. 
I *ill [Kiy QODd'salniy lo Ihc rfgSl people. Muil'bc foniJior w.lh lund tanipuny phone woiV. If you don'l kavc Kwie qi/alilicolicni — don'l coll. 
No exccpf.'ortil Co'l Ijefwccn 
1:3o and 5 p.m. 

824-2343 

AUTOMOTIVE 

AFTER 

MARKET 

A A A - f automotive parli 

 manuFflcluicr irjcklng arjrjfoi- live 
Solosmar. far San AnlonTo lc/firoi>'. t*ccl'cr-t salary pkn bonui, company <or and c*- pcnict. 
Auloniolivc 

 battrj1 O\Kid liclpfvjl, 
Send lotuifo lo. 

Exprois-Nows Box 28o5 

San Antonio, Tax. 7819? 

NEEDED—NOW! 
SALESPEOPLE 

Experience not rioccssary, 
Will Train—Good pay pfan. 

IMPORT 

MOTOR 

COMPANY 

71145AKPEMO 
824-9671 

>lri(.l Mlti' tonvniiilon wlti wee y rfrow. AOC Linen Servkf, 43o1 v 
Conimerce 

. mxd ; pioplc lo nil nr'jl nl». L'tenie preferred. 
VJt h. 

 fr/rlhslil« arvd ^J-jlhiito Ixnlic 
' ^ilfinl £pj>jrluniNtt, I r n I M 1 1 

 ft Inturoncn. lie, Cn-l Rot nn 
Jky.$rATK__ 
JIM 

K«lp Woolc-J" o^l v-lv? 
.,..,(ItJ whe,*« you in o? Coll . 

. • 
— 
— 
_ 

;l6[KTCdlni nflllan*t». H?.}^ 

 rN~BHD A™ lluikarvd wid WJf* Tiom 

I. Tirr-i to ice 4 protptcU a da/ 

Lend! oil fuinUh4d by <onii>ony 

3. Likei P4opl</ ««)6doW/ bob' 
J. Ifo* 16m« to*»t irrHfljfico 
Ivivt n (aUiloiji hwr>«y iiMkk 

"log Oul ni*d a mrttur*, l-crt] wrv iu leflm, ror inlcrvkw, call i<t-3l 

SALES TRAINEE 

MUSICAL BACKGROUND 

T 
YOUR OWN AGENCr f 
, 
'"-••. I.U.H C..., . , , „ . „ ' 
B "•—i-^">if..,r«,,wit c.-I..,, A 

. B. McMu/fen 
681-1221 
_ I 

IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS 

FOR 8 MEN 

S1?S Will Ii-Htn »!.,„ )ou 
18 ytc.i „ oMei. M Nrt »», 
Scj^wnl AivwrWy pUll Ii3i 
>erf jl pii ^re in S«n (rlcoio 

73i'-6J69™1"' 

 jc'jy. 
I. He> ice red 
Go 1o 

SALESMEN 

 lial sateimo-i lo* one ol lor«)cif homo bulde.i in 
Antonio. 
For oppt. 

92.|-«87. 922 J5o1. 

Iliu 
Sa-i cull 

CHCTMICA'L S'AtES 

' 

PEAL ESTATf: 

CXnAHSIOII OFFCK 

"REAL 
ESTATE 
MANAOCR ~ 
'lc«Jcil for MArlliskte c|i tt operlenccd ontl owie-silvr; 
_ 
*» ail. 433 ;;4»Ni 

SALCS PERSON NEEDCDI ~ 
^urnlivion cnU Snlorv. Slail 17CC lot a MO-H. Good bcnellH l°r .IvliM 
"-'I laic actiKKMt frantwlii. 

SlALK'pERSb'N 

San Antonio, Texas Aroo lo icll oyr conipleh lino of ll-ililinn 
^H^'^&r11^ 
'""I In Ilit Inilullry. ror He inol* 

 r . o s | > l | ( . I Iniuro^cc., COIIIIMIIIV 

4 malir rntilkal ond lira insur. 

Uocal Internewi lo LI heu 
',''""'* J«nien Molor Lotlia 

ENGINEERS/TECHNICIANS 

FOR 

 c 
NUCLEAR POWER FIELD 

 na«lWn° |l-Rr°ar,Ch1l,n"hIUto lK" dloll°"ol"9 ™<l reward^opportunity for 
C n .T 
• 
" !!-° com"""cio1 'oocto, (laid. A mo or requirement ol 
Ihoso positions u o willinrjnoss lo travel oxlonjivoly, o so, you muit bo physically qualified for reactor site work, 

Currently we have positions for: 

INSPECTION ENGINEERS 

To prepare dotaiied irupscrlon plans'for proservico and in-wrvico Inspcclioni 
o1 nuclear power plants, participate In Iho inspections, and prepare linol rcnorls. A backarourd in non-doslnjctivo testing, report writing, and customor relations desirable. Prefer opplicants wilh a dofjrea In mor.hor.lcal onaineor- 
H18, welding nielollurgy, or applied physics. Salary commonsgrolo with training and experience. 
TECHNICIANS 

Proler nppliconts with experience in ultra-sonic testing of power plant sys- tems. Consideration will bo given lo individuals who have a general knowledge of bask electronics, welding or labo;otory experienco. Some college framing would be helpful. Salary will be based on experience. 

* US Citizenship Required 
* Opportunity for Advancement 
* Excellent Employee Benefits 

For personal interview, please call Personnel Office 

684-5111 Ext. 2225 

Southwest Research Institute 

85oo Culebra Rd. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

 hon po>[!l«» In o 

SECRETARY 
* Minimum Jypl/iu 6o 
WPM 
* Topa Dlctgt.Q/i 
* Liie fiaiitikal Jypfng 

 ft rillfapltytllmfill 

X 226-6311 Ext. 272 x for Interview 

 i 
FOX PHOTO 

 j) 1734 
Broadway 

 i) " '"" ""'""'* mp'1"' 

[ »Hkt 114«4««< J^Htj f Wm»*Ckrl<.l 

 wia vAtwY 

Hurt y«j muni ihi thd't^ yar kb b»4 li cllul H you nx 
[ite Jo ntit r.iw aid In I ni ill-^ ftrft o,"4 fccfl M ttftiHftt 
Mr/ifto. oipitli cl offk« pfKirfijil iKil Iv ytui oppeikrir* la recVi 

' 
' 

FttPAID 

 itt Strritf 

BOOKKEEPER 

I Ifis (Qiecrlti with ttptriinn ia ail 

 i, obi'-ty 13 ivfrtrvhe cwj a 

I JiOff 

 uruft DoddirC°NTm°V CLER!< " 

Jobs UBUmitcd vtaamtnt stnlu 
• 

TECHNICAL <S P E R ATORT^" For"ex. 
Itniive tat): & systems, In T«xtn. At leait 3rd Cki» FCC license in- quired. Optroror will monitor Net- work vlaco-oydla ond serve ai opcro- 
(foni dlipglcher. Should . hove vl- aeaoua.o lranvm<»lon backyard 

 and worXlno knowledge o* TV v.ove form morvHor and vcc'crjcope. Send feiurrve Is: B. W. Low, C-P.f. Micro- wove, lr_c, 3166 Or* Main Place, 

SERVICE REPI 4,» hr. »lutt Will iralnl Merit rarm + o d v g n c t l 
Slcut nowl «1-7£4o I1oQ VJIIage D 
Republic ~ 
~~ ~ 
Republic Ptnonrvei Sfr 
I ELCCTRONICS 75% 1 

$*rylc* 

7ou hnVgfl»Tbcisiaf*'wipTraiiai on lob! ant tulurt l/i Iht bmJnetsi 

1PEARS PERSONNEL SERVICE 

337 JACKSON-KELLER 
««.!>•« 

INPUT OPERATO 
RaiaElng 
IB 931 uii 

PUT OPERATOR liL 3-11, 11-7 nlloi. M1ck- 
K $vv MMllarv lltd plgc«min> itrvlce 

Prog ra m mer/Ana !yst 

Exfxrlinced tn oswmWcr tonouaae on 1BW 34o-3re, ftCA ipetlro 7o or 
Unlvoc 9«o end above. Our oppllca- t loons arc 1oo% business- orfenicd, onO i/i» I3oDJ, JMS, OCR, caltons, spooling and mum rummy concepts on a Unlvoc «8o. Thlj li on opportWly lo enter g rww data pr«*i|ina (aclllly c} 1ht qrgund 
Hoar cwo grow with rhe company. 
Con f o c I Mi, Kuyfc«ndall, N4-$1oI, 
Streui-F/onh Co., P.O, Box 6oo, - 
Anton to, Texas. 7S2M. 

AifmlntitraHve- 

Financial 

| 
Electro Mechanical 

Technician 

| Applfcani should hove broad background in electronics 

 and mechanics wilh a working knowledge ol Iranscju- 

I cers, recorders, hydraulics, and rotating machinery 

 wilh o minimum ol 2 years applicable working expcfi- 
1 cncc. 
I 

ARA will train applicants with prop»r lechnical back- ground. Equipment will operate on a 24 hour basis. 
I 

Send resume or apply in perjon 

Automotive Research, Inc. 

 i 
Miss Judy Campbell 
54o4 Bandera Rd. 

San Antonio, Tex. 78238 

I 
8am-5pm, Monday-Friday 

Acfmfnlitratlv*— 

Financial 

AdmfnlltrcHvfl — 

Financial 

CONTROLLER 

Foi Bordfii Manufacturing foci'ily ilarling cpc^ations, 
Oifcrlr.g unique coiccr op- porfunil,-. C.P.A. or DS wilh rr-,a;cr \n acccunhng. 5 ycorj minimum experience in gcrcfol or-d eosl acccu,nlfng, 
Mexican Coiporalc o-xJ Tan lowi. pilirtgual, Engliih- 
SpcyMih. 

Startfng «a(ary open, 

Foiward reJun-.e, lilting prior poiitioni. roipornlbilitiei ana1 la'arios in bolh SptxifiFi and Cngfiih to: 

 lug. Carlos Lilian 

P.O, BOX 1435 

San YiLJfo,CaWoirio 92o73 

 wJJri <o;iy lo: 

Lie Rolando florcs 

. 

 ey, fM.Memo 

ACCOUNTANT 

(xcfHent opaci.unily (or Atyttd individual in cmounlina wilh tailed exptritr-tti 
In gtntrol 

 torpoiolc ccuunlinj dgfies. fieler mgn-jlotluiinj end tail o«Duntl»g boikrj round, This p Dill ran hot «*ttlTenI ptlcMllcl for advance run I. folary open. Ei> 
(dltnl bir.ifil piogroin with fyt employe aofTrig ell ioi(t. Iind iciurai vrllV lolary hitlory lo include pietent and required lalaty and avcllotl* da1* to 

EXPERIENCED COllECTOR 

NEEDED 

Contact Personnel Office 

DILLARDS DEPT. STORE 

Centra) Park Mall 

BUSINESS MANAGERS 

For private hospital—Hill Country area. 
Experience in insurance, claims, budgelfng, supervising, kitchen, housekeeping, ond mainlervance iervicos. Salary based on qualifica- tions. Send Resume to: 

L. STUESSER 

777 South Post Oak Drive, Suite 6oo 

Houston, Texas 77o27 

Or call Collect: (713) 627-27oo 

T 
WAK 

T 

I 

V,1 ANTED 

Experienced Person 

For Purchasing & Quolalioii voik For laige indullnat dit- 
Iribtjloi. Mull be rcmihnr wjlli iiiduil'ial M.pphoi al well ot pipe val«ci ond lining*. 

APPLY 

LEROY HUTH 

Iho Perry Stioiiklt Co. 

 i 

ADJUSTER TRAUJifd: On IKi 
Iralnlng. Degref, moMvaled, if<M Coll snelllng 

... fab jharp! 

- 
1 wenJtrlorvl l Stnrfce __ 

UcUll Store Manager 

LodlBi I yr, »x.p. rtiocol* rtlnib. 
Cfiil Ann MM)»1 7o?7 Sen Ptdro 

Career At i ottain C<nm1latvli. 

JR. ACCOUriTANTt O«ffr*o/ mov«- up Millltrt. Too cf tin mark co, l»oo Coll Arln WMdl 711 3141 

Snillfno * Sntutnv HI W«ndirfand 

(fOOKlfiiSpllHI ff5 upl""8ReilVnfl flrml JmHrlottT millenl Jtan row! 
*5>-7*^ »IM Vlllaa* Or 
RipiAlit PirMMil ttrvlo 

.I'I'.UI DAnN 1» )K Mk> 
.•pill. New I ill mo ll» 

 dly, (« raiil .................. l il, \ doy .......... ..... i ....... likt WSnoair, north 
.......... iyii rTe.y., i«il OIIK ........ 
N.iv.llrf.inl 

BAN'KCRS 
JJI/tlHCO Itr). 

BOOKKEEPER 
Full Charge thru 
General Ledger 

3 YEARS EXPERIENCE 

CALL MR. REICHLIN 

822.1529 

WEEKDAYS 

FINANCIAL 

CONSULTANT-! 2K + 

o*9ft crj wci1 (d ej^ilmre in ofti-jilhj. IkKme ci itwcrnii*. 
Wwk taih] piefenijTDJt, o^rKirj en muljj^* laaii, tirdi plcrn:ng. lo», iniuicnre, efr. 5&n Anrmfi bond. 19^1 tvo»tl. irtoM peiim 3! suptib- (oulJ Itotf lo olFitfl 

OFFICE MANAGER 
Degroo in accounting 

 rl.t cbl if cumuli. S^cif e^d, o^l 
KB-.pc-iir ttrcfilv l-i« pc-li-ig A?- 

Lasso Western 

Wear, Inc. 

6623 S. Zarramoro 

EARL 3CHIEB AUTO TAINT SHOP an agarnilvo, tcki U>orot: 

^P* p«rjcn lo iroln o1 miYwoe 
Ifalrvce. S I a r M n g (alary WM monlh wim rcHte lo 17oo P*r mont ai manager otler a Uriel Irdnin 

 ond Itvo ralm duflno Ih pl,n Irbtral t>onul plan 

EXCCUTlVfl TRAIN8B: DBOREQ, lotne eip. Dlilrkl Hv<l upl >«o, 

John Veil, JtMJJI* 1o3 W, R»Ctor 
Sneillng Pert emit I C«mvllon(f. 

BOOXKEBPEH; 
Exc lurround^B 

 ind nrewih opel'y. Fi« p«Jdl >*-»« 

Jehn V*il. 141-UJli 1C) w. K«ct» irmilna Ptriorunl Ccniirtojiti. 

COL!,ECTOU 

UiO •* comm. E*r> In. Phqru C»1It 
Call EU Wt-mi 7oF7 Sfln Ptdro 

MAMftdl«~"f T> i« a eT 

 y 

«r cclllcfor. Good 

 dlKOunl prlvltt ly implOyir. 

-617Q 

LERN^R SHOPS 

 t . 

 ry and 
, 

Efiual oppcrlunlly 
J4J 

MANAOCR TRAINING 

11 up; HI. I fit Id 3 Mr.. «• call 
Mr. ZOO* »n J711 1111 iW MIMIOry 
_jabijjjxi|mlted plattm«ni_ jjirvict 
^xp«r]nx*ii t^iftecitx &r coHecltoh nVifKJjor. sicp 
Info cctlv* «i1al> 

Uhed loo^ tjvi/rrtit, Advai<a ai 
•'*! LS'—XSiL.?1^*-,?**1 *-_5^?^' 
MOR TAAIHBEJ LtfAlt 111* trovil rmvt 1* mor. 1J« + oonvi'Co«twM< 
Tld Wacfi,n Mf-UjK 161 W.J^Jir 

WA R Blfd US8 lUPHRvTicin wVl lrtim«dl«H •o1U|4NI COrt+f llnllall 4))7UO l»4 Vlll^4 Dr 

>1 Sirvlc* 

 wvwO'"1^"1 

 ttWKe^M 
»*wrl«PC«t ct* 
Jot* MnUmlli 

 n«C-L«ll giad 
' 

TAX ACCOUNTANT 

Oil & GAS 

Our <liinl (imp i of hii an 
1-Tiirrie'aH eein'ig fcr la> cttw.fi- tcpt wilh ? ytfli l>ptri*.vi In ird get lotilicn 
' 

 ccti<cv Fe( 

. 

. Btrecci'en o i bv 

Train for finance futon 

Salary tlotit *5oo 

^^ I1B-OSI62446 Ctea«« 

'IOCKE EMKOYMINf SIIV1CC 

 o«1hl Hi 
. vrll . Howl 4U-. 1J-1CK paiinilal 

-7i4o life VlllOfl 

ADJUSTER 

 goad lift FUU HIM i wm i 

41 rnavUp to 

«|Mn H«y i.aii WT*HI •*•* MM i"t* «virin nwj 

Jftfct Unitffli.td ^lantntnl Mrv'c« 
Exporloncod Secretary fypJixi. iFrOflfxind/ gti>«ral oXifl*i 
Full btnoHli. April, arflcr 5cm ovoltami. LANCER COKP. W-"X)7l 

>• ifi. 1H tg, 'klllniiM*, K»4i i Aon MMni njf |M rk 
C«ri(f AtiMlilH C*niull» 
;?w 
,-,T3l]Jci^; 

IWOV.'MajV'oi)* '^y'rTTrXiV*'d'clopKofi noyQuKl, re^tlvoblet nod OUlpofn rectlvoblet 'Hoof oulaod 
-..only. flfcrVPiOYOIl p.* 

 r^,v, OUNHILL PQR9oHNUU 
,^^ i^_. Qf*f3, Souttlr W.TW. h«SiSrt*£. y wAir*KhiTATirej; iiW+. i 
IM %It& POlTlJftot OPW ftr »ip*/yMC»^»»cro- 
*** «**«"<• fortti wilh iKaUonl ikiili. ihtt 

 tw» crtn will noil v* pwlHomt 
— 

Dab 

 cliiii vd tenrlnkil 'Molion o11 odd Intel btneliM. 
FEEPAID 
$6oo 

 f*tria**tt Strvict lK<> « jr. i~ (/o 

 lhon(e. Typir.g, (J bxki, gwj [M' 

 ly lo HIM puU'c 

XECUTIVE 

SECRETARY tntfnicH'f eittuh've with tt-ol 

;«« clx'i 
<9 (MtgcK 

" 

(hi K 

 ncvt. IM p5irfic« 

 of 

 htlpkl, d.dcphont ejp 

 i!ft o YWiel-f eJ 

 in oA! t,ti lo asvitJag lhnl-erv!i n 

' in yiJi ta»' itifr'd. Ci 
«crV*g (WdiV-i oid 

 come grow vsrlth 

Datopoint 

Ono of the fastest expanding and innovative manufacturers of mini-computers, com- munications and peripherals. Wo havo im- mediate openings for: 

CUSTOMER 
SUPPORT OPERATORS 

Exceptional individuals with pleasing per- sonalities and voices. Light typing skills necessary with some previous working experience preferred. The Customer Support 
Center will be manned around the clock. 
Premium wages for those who qualify. 

CREDIT CLERK 
Duties include typing national credit report and file maintenance. Must accurately tvr>e 
5o WPM. 

CLERICAL 

Several openings for clerk typists with 6o 
WPM and lite shorthand desirable. 

APPLY IN PERSON 

PERSONNEL DEPARTMENT 

9725 Doteport Or, Sai Antorio. fexas 78284 

[q,K)l oppoitunily errpkiyer M/F 

, Sundqy, April 14, 1974 
Won> Ads 
Seventh 

WORK NEVER 
GOES ON 
VACATION 

Jul p«c.p'c do, Arxf when they 
<?, wo ge» eol.Ji from conijXirvei ho reed people with jki'li |.hc 

 your*: 

* Kff/purtih Qptiolon 
* 1o Key Opcrorors 
* General Olfko V/orfceri 

If you want lo wo;fc on TEM- 
PORARY emignmerm lite iheie, ea/n fop pay ial«v, ewvl quo'ify for Filnge benefit*, oik for Eellc Dtoion ol laQanfu 
Molar Inn, S.W, Military ol fM35, bt-twec-n 9 a.m. and 4 p rrv on McWo/, April ] 5 Oi rueirfo-/, April 16. (f more convenient come 1o 
63o 

Broadway or c 
MANPOWER 

TEMrOlARTUIVICII 

W[ I fcveyjy c' 

.,-,,--..,, t^f,, .Irftt. Surgeon's olllce, Nix Bldg., prepare medical ffwrcntt f o r m * . U.25 P«r (isur. 
725-577 ^ 

SECRETARY WANTED 

Exec. Stc. Need I 11M 

M-OIU J«« C«f« 

MCXI JMKOTMN^ MtVKI 
~ 
~ 
" 
SECRETARY: SSariT~*~piri"oiflblB 
Or VIP, KEY SPOT, MO 
TENTlAl. JS«. Call VICK 
OMT PO- 
FreJ 

SECRETARY. MiO + , Thli Sogtni tfrni Is kicking for a Wxirp lecrclc 
1o wor* tt>f tht\r dfrfcJor. TypJ ond drclorfon uWIIty noedcd, E 
PLOYER FEE PAID. O U N H I L 
~" 
XW GPM VBU 

NO SHOR i r»'ff,'?'m'f; jjtby Unltmltm 

—.., 5 do/ ,,.,.,,,,,.,„„ 
.u^v 

E&ccullvi. Qinellli uoo 

Morlrjat? 1c«n. Njrl'il""!!";;;;lsoo 
Publk Rcratloni uco 

Junior SecrelorlM 
&&Ur'5 

MAWr1 OTHERS NOT LISTED 
AXJKFI?^ 
EMPtOYMENT 
^^N^tl«J 
SERVICa 

JD17 BtqncQ Rd 
73A-1S« 

Ri«PTIONIST • SECI <»l Flujh' 

RWtlk I 

* $5oo-1- 

Typist 

6o WPM 

Accurately 

Hours 8 to 5 

Apply in person 

Personnel Office, 
9:3o to 11:3o 

Express & News 

 on iqval oppOTIurity tirptoyer 

EXP.CRIDIT 

COUECTiON 

CLERK 

Mull l»x; 5oV/PM. Piccionl, 
!e!ejjho'ie peiiono'H/. Apply' in po»icfi. 

See Mr. Banklor 

 lEEDS 

4o1 W. Commerce 

Master Charge 
/ 

Bookkeeping 

Clerk 
I 

MuiF hove Maite/Chor tfjrpenence o^ tquivnfent 

 poiFing, ba'anong, and bil'mg. I 
4o hovrt vori: wecfc. good v/Ofking condiHoni with majo/ benehit. Only qualified rped apply. 
Call 
Jco 

775-8998, 9,1) u.m. ol 

 ar«r 

Dlik Do la Pona 

BENSON 

CHEVROLET 

CONVENTION 

WANTED 

McrLie <r^iHxUSoccnly(>eiSlo£o wpm, on clei1*:i l/<ctwit«r. -"«!«« i.i- 
«Ur, l^iq invcxci dsi'f, .i!;r:o cad 
9««i3f elCtf *wk. rtcnii 8-4.33 i d^y 
Vnuil't*1 '^^"y t«r.*f n Lerelcd w(IH3Sb^(LS*-i^8'j«ei 3*SSS'een 
D/i<». mvK hci e frerspx-'Cfico. 

C[trk Typli!, lilt patting rw Sol 

Needed t'pmea'iofefy. NO FEE 

Victor Temporarivs 

W1 ff.Sl.Mjrv's 

Sujic .tOT " 

222-8o28 

1411 up SALES SECY 

Type M; SH U gaod beglt^i 
BUM* ftt-2711 123] SW Mill lor) jgbjL_Unlim»jja_p|qMrntni $4 

Ewxullvc Secretory M, fresllg'oys tktonclQi bonkl 

 fnililuilCHi. T ri 1 » position rocuir flood S.H. & typtno. (wtty otltt rvorimidc. Work for 2 men, oood tXMtvnJty for rap'tf <KJ*cncem«nt. 
1759 Ja<k^oo-Kelkr 
342- 
Ihomoyxi Employ men I Service 

ROO/Vi CLERK 

NORTHSIDEWOTOR" 

HOTEL 

Experienced on 42oo mocJi're. 
7nm to 3 pm shift. Calf 

344-4511 fo/appoi'nlmcnl. 

Wanted: Peaon utvolly at her to take^ call* to* en o^1-sf-lo*n lln 
Wrllc to TEX-SEW P.O. 
Box 1 

COppcroi Cove 7&S?2 

COMPUTER of*rotor, hwyy wor 
•Jcpcritnc* n-al rtgoircd. Good 
Ted Wagner, Ml mi, 1o1 W. R 

. 
RECEPTIONIST SECRETARY"" 

Fun oomportyl Great |ob Jf yo 

 lhavi aflod »kih|. Lyn* iU-47oo 

; UoJImlltd plocknial Mrvkt 

31W AUSTIN HWr. 

'"IIKE PEOPLE?^ 

This is an cxci'ir.g oppwlunil)' lo oDwrrc rcipon>ib<l<[r in o r 

 people oriented 

 a career 
Jivldual 

. 

'ndcd, arfincfive i wllri ic-vcfal yua 

 rj e>pcr[erce. 

MANY OTHER OPEHIHOi 
.. 

OAKT EMPLOYMENT AGENcV . 
51M Broadway l?t-7U5 

FEE PAIOI VIC. prel. no 
<o 
Oriel lib r«f leg Mnsni o»d roll- 

JMVICE 
_ 

EXECUTIVE 6KI MJ! HE loco- 

SfiCRE^ARY 

Hlx_Ctin I col Lo tx.ro lory 

RtcepllMilst c x 11 U^*1th'natkn*wid/e ilrm. Good * I o r 11 n a lakwy wllfl litany company b e no II li. Contort 
Xfo"!4%-cl.o 
5i,'iiJ^- 
OAH 

Jrcal spot wllri «v.rK 
Jood ikllli wUI cepKre you U 
.yn firockt, lil-iui, lei W. 
,—,„._ ^rjon rtf MTmi^i I o 

 ieespTToNfsr" 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
I«»4. Secretarial Jkllli ncKtt, bu 

 will tx an »our own. Muit be to moki cfecllloni. TMi dim ofkrs ynujuol lop bewllll fcr o cor. etr minded Indlvldyo!. E^^^^OYEn 

PAID. D U N H I L L PERSON 

SBCR6*TARY: Orea?. n« »ld.i'~ 

^'rttl let 

Siillllm 

«o«d efc iiie'i- p™.^ „«,.„ , 

Call JEFF.DaroniU-JUi 
InVi S 
JMPLO 

 llrmi Pcnerwilty tivHti. Co! 11 
7MC UM VUFQM Or. t 

Rppiibllc Peru mi 11 Strvlct 

BOOKKEEPER SSCC-I- 
. - ptiirtoai up (rent 1*6 with public 
Contort I 
Coll Jan« Jll-tUI 

Jott UnllmKfd 

 l Do Cen. o/c. J Cuilamer y IU.OJI6 5«6 C..j.. 

LOCKE [MrlOVMlNI SHVICl 

Ul« typ*l Training (or sharp gall 
Call Shcrrxi SU o151. tSW E. SouHi 

_ Cr&ji^Jg^ lnc._PKjc6m«rit Scrvfet 
ACCOUNTS CLERkl~"j.JM.«TTrT 
Frw vwt'fio! No J«ll Supor Hrmt l-7i« WO Villas* Dr 

OOD'S HELPER— 
. 
* 1 1 y. lo cho^laln-Jltt 
" 
1" "* ....... ftr 

.unfed (or ftili (trml TWl rtm r«b- llc coftloct ortd a varlely o4 rfuliei. 

Immed.Qlc po*IIIort. 
EMPLOYER 
. 

PEE PAID. 
^. v u .,'H'| L L PERSON- 
CPM SoulS, 3«-1744. 

URGENT 
To kaop up wilh Iho 

• 
EVER INCRIASINO domandt from local employer*. Norrtll T«m- porary naodi your helpi 

• ril. CI*Thl 
. to K«y *lld..| 

• It.ol 
. u'.'iki'.j 

Wa fiavo nlllgnnienll lolling from ttvoral doyi to Kvcral monlhi 
Ullng lh» abovn ikllll. 
NO ?I| tVW, TOP PAY, 
BONUS, INSTANT PAY 
PAID VACATION. Com* by - ond comporo what 
Norr*ll tan ol/»r. 

Aamrff tampoptrjn 

'-RjiKR 

. 

If you enjoy people, liovo gcncml oflku obilily, copcbV of earning $5oo + wilh bonui 
& fri'nciL'i, call 

824-3617. 

 eccurfltt. lait. Br«wktg ce, bfnillli tat Call Knlly Dinn TJl-Vui 
5nllll«s 1 Snimm 711 W°*4ir!cn« 

Emp^iytmnl 
• 

 if ALAMO 
PLACEMENT 

. - u tvpo 
VAJJ UP 

7H GPM Bldg^ Norlh 
^?'93M 

 i t «M OENEHAL OFFICE 

AblKty to vroffc gnier pruti-Te Take erdtrc ea p^cnc + lite type 
Coll Jan* 312-N41 uoiA fllonco 

Jobs unllmllcd pl<xt\tnnl i«rwlc* 

JOBLESS ORIPE 
1 ywj wn !«* irflu om ma*t fl uney ft. call Andrta 4U-47oo 
Jabl Vnllmlltd Blactmtnt urvlcc 
. use AUSTIN nwr. 

UU Q«nirol otflct X» 
Some Ivilng—iotnt illlni, llllrs, wk.tr. tif-nV. 
KINO EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
UO) rREDBRICKlBUHO RD. 

FROKT-FEE PO1^ 

,v. .,-fc CASHIER i 

Ha.-wito ^UH! blilil Ra'otc hn. 

Call ^Soroo S3Jo1S1. 25o6 E, -Vi-j'rt 

Crct^. Jofas 11rx. PJacfmenI Scfvlca 

DISC JOCKEYi E K c l t l n o werVi 
Prcillgleui potiikml t m m t d i a t e ttarfi «n-rt6Q tuo vnia$« or. 

Republic!Pmofiml $«rvlc« 

RECEPTIONIST! 
B*au1Elgl ofTk? mcnnff«r, penwollty, drive, ntal 
Mil UW Call 5 ho re n Wllkcn 7J1-1U] 
Sn*|[Jng A Sntllfni) Jtl wentorlaaa 

. l public -f oniwtr phon lor *-»- 

1 Thli water (flit—coll Jeno 
1W41 
SU5A Blanco Rd. i Unllmltid pfactmtnl Mrwl 

Mult tjc oUre pofl in 

•£- Computer Operato'rsl 

Will fay at Meh n H.N an hiur! 

Call Korea l]i-tri> son ?edr« iirvkt Uli Son P«dro 

 l, rveed r 

 l»-9lJ5 

- 

 llmKfd pioccnunt ii 
IPItV CLBRK $ 

Ad. 

BOOKKEEPER 
OXP. FULL CHARGE 

Company btntlili 

 tLERK-AYPlST: 
Oreitlng cllinli filling M>oHt>rf added ca. bent Hit 

Vi5« C»!l Shervn WLlhtn T1I-IU1 

Snilllnfl A Smiling it; Wontfirlgnd 
!l?Si!vn«?.U«rYk» 

NOHTHtAlT TYPlST^Il 

TrP« io •ccxirelily, Cxf l| rn)1 nicy 
"-(on mini fill SVV Mlllfo 
MJ;rten f«lMI UU SW Military 

'^*_y"J'ml**** f [gc«f*'«'<^ "rvlc» 

San Antonio 

Readers' 

Marl 

(Person lo Person) 

(Non Commercial) 
Want Ads 

1o Words 
1oTim«» 
$2.OO 

Call 

225-1666 

?ccepl;onUl, ... 

Perion CMIIcc. 5 cJoy 
W! 

'turar.ce, 5 doy 
U 

o3d oft j>tien«, florm 
$J! 

 e.-»orwl CM(icc, i cay 
-Mj 

MANY OTHEflS «OT LISTGO 

BANKtRS 

3o17 
DiOrco Rd. if fee 

Oftod lvolH9-ihorlhcnd nqu 
Why liek (or o |«b on yeur 

Coll Kar«fi T31-T7II Sen P mpiaymetit 5«rvl« 1114 so 

*5ofl F-C BOOKKEEPER 

Call Arm 3<r-lI91 7o77 San n*-o 

' 
_ 

CASUAX1Y CtcSlcnTiS r fac. rto 
. Can fldvooce 1o% 
' 

 rtod ond lype 
. a flvooce eornngi 

 pp days. If mulUQ'!/ agreed. Gt,\xl ation and rric« r.o-jrj. EMPLOY- 

R. 
, 

ONNEL, 444 GPM Soulb. 
- 

. - j . 
- 

FEE PAIO, DUHKILL 
PER- 

Soulb. J^174<. 
AoTNr: 
- and p*rmoK«nn 

- 

BOOKKEEPER TRAINEE i,S. Orod—iKriU train to keep fcooki 
Call Cl» H».|»t 7o77 San Pedro 

Ca^rJUtaClalti Coniglicnls 

UM 5TENOS Wft)"~~ 

WC^*H no/tklngl Mc<fcol| rVito I 1-5 
Coll Joyce Ja*15). 2Jo3 C. Sft-lli 
O-QJV JoatJ^K. ['loecmonl Servlc 

ORNERAL OF"FICe""*TKf"up~ 

Good open I not lar Jl up. All area: 
Mick 1o 92M7U 1U1 SW Milllofv 

"wTrc'H'BOARD 
RECCPTT6S157 

" "M wkl CD. irainina, Rciiei wil 

Rapn b I Ic P<rioanil Strvk* 

 oe'N'E R AL~OF FI CE 
Lilt if ft 
+ i4me aLpg erp wl 

IMJt you lo vrerlu coll Lynn 4JJ-*7C 

Jobs Unllmiltd ftrgctminl nrvkc 
11» AUiVlN HWY. 

"TEMPORARY JOBS' 

For Competent 

TYPIST 

BOOKKEEPERS 

CAM, KAY . . . . 732-o765 

PARTtME 

Qirtllfv Ten\pwory Help Service 
Ml Wentftriar.rt Cenicr 
UJiJ NBAR'AiRPdRT 
•o.1 •!([£• lyi* U, 1o-k|y add. Bllllr rr^3TH 1113 iW Mllilary 

Plec«m<nl simlc»_ 
YaTrici 
MM trw. 

• SFoMi 1315 mo. 

VaHjy HI Cmpll'ymVnT'sirvTc* ..' 
II Valley HI or. 
»7l in« 

&JL 
Re eepll*l T^^t HE V 

^3 IJI-OSI4 344& C«H«« 
LOCKI IMriOYMfMT SCIVrCt 

ASST BOOKKEEPER" 
Accii nc«ivabi« ixp MI did i 

 imaanylColl jojit HI fiiY 
Jabi UftJEftUltd practmtjit urvki 

BLANCO ROAO 

 ir Typlstsl Work Howl s hvvi Q4M I**t wa!M*| for MUI 
Coll JsAir, ni-^ll Son p*d/B 

-.nploym»fil iifvlct liu son Pedro lECRBTARVt 
Coriir epptrfu'nlV 

 s*y«-> «(f. fliwJ tyolit, vorjify 
4So Call Jo llMl*ton TjViJjl 

 itr>k< 

RECEPTIONIST $4oo + 

ACCTS UECE1VAB1.E 

U Ml IMJCh, tin »'MC«. Illl 
Cull Ann HMStl lin l«n ' 

FlrxJli>« rwlpTt* ifnxilt pr*it-Nev.l od. o« rlril 
Inj f» »rf lli» Mil. »i 

Want Ads 

PERSONNEL CLERK 
Great position—iqnia poyroll -f- s cffle* expl Call Jane l«I-?tll 

Jabi Unrimlltd pCaumtnl tirvlca 

SSOJA OUAHCO ROAD 

$4oo-RE?CEPTraHIST 
Wilt tralnl Age II upl Wfirk now 

Call Gloria 7«-mi Joo Placemen tmf IBymtftt__Sjtfv_k> 4131 Son Red* 

TYPISTS 

, SHORTHAND YOUR BRAKQT~ 
Ittol'i grand i We have cpfln 
CfllL Andrea *iJ 67oo 715o Ag 
In HWf. 
Jobi Unllmlled ptttc»rtv;n| jcrvkt 

 ypf. food 
>vu Muvdvtiir 4 6pfl*flraftc 
*^y« Call J« SiKglilon 7)t-1MI 
Smiling & Snilling 3M Wcrx-trlon 

Employment Stn*le» 

CLtRK TYPIST 

 general cKfkfll work. Ccod malh, krvowie^je of caki-Jalw he' a\, 5 day, id hr. v,eck. 

APPLY IN PERSON . 
Soulhwiilirn Drug Corp, 

432 W. MARKET ... 

OROtR "PROCSSSSOR 
:c*r w>vcieioie cfcug company. QTV r g r a c e r f «)rp*rrenc« fwtl«rre, 
'ermcnenl rnvJocnw/il. i tro^ . 4 

APPLY IN PERSON 
SOUTHWESTERN DRUG CORP. 

CCTS RPC: Gr«f »p«l, i Jc IU 
154oo4 CALL JrlF Doron *5I ijH ntlllng l Sfrftlrfig 1oo1 Pat Bookf 

P LOYMENT^SERV | C E 

'YPiST,"i4o6 r. YoiT wiirE^Tvpl? cool lernilr.otofly from a (j-c'cvtron. hK connxjiiy olitis aatvl tencfil ond Ifwie li rocn> For artvancenicn 
JorlhiicJp. EMPLOYER PES PA|O 

 iouUi, 34».174<^ 
|_ ^" 

ACCOUNTS REC~fR~dl> 
Lin Type-plum oin». b»Mi df<a 4JJ.*7M 11 JO Auitln Kw 

Jobi gnlimHid plootrrvtnt j 

 o) [I na ilo(e>m*n|i, pnon 
» C«1I Kolhy Dtnn >«.» 
S. itl 1 1 no (V 

 rrttary, poodT^llTTTlo" 
^M> of p-.WIc conlatl, fee rcUi 
P*^ Uiriffd 
|5M 

 flANNER Perionnil Sirvlce 

Work 4 to ; hiVo gavt"K»lp 
<ords ofltl life * 
" - -• j- 

 walll c«H Lynn 
HwV- 
_jobi Unlimlrod platcmtn^iify)re 
I Petion. poll Icdgcri, |i«", "r.e« cor, 
N. s dav| • < 
14! 

 edh, 5 ouy ,!!I.^K.I!!V. .vf,!.ii 
. NO FEE IN ADVANCE 

PBX OPERATOR $$ 
Will I ram thorp p«runl H«rryl 
ST>n&R5 fiflSONtfEL SEHVlCl 
M JACK4oH.KELLER liy. 

« • * k A~R CH"AS4(irANf fi/ r« titflt* Hrntt Octal apply fir ihw prrieni Jan* Hl-jui 

Jobi Untlnill«d plaeimint IK 

S1»JA BLAH CO ROAD 

«Q W.rJi 1o Tlm.E 

«2.ftO 

Ttili u»r wwltl Mlp y*B tmJIi 
or*«T dknlt, Arwwwir [MvMiB. Mu 
Lyn ereoftt, Hi-111 I. 1o1 W. R' 
(Rilling PtTHnn*! CoAtuitani 

HOME 
TYPIST 

 epl/wilhwriMcn reiponio lo 
, 

MOJN.McIn, 
* 

5uilo248 

San Antonio 78212 

Experienced 
• 

S«relary.Rec«p«onlsl I 

I»r rapidly growing iim.any. • 
Shoilbond nil i<i>rtd. ixiHim • l|[in i'lll'iol nrpir.y tiniliti 
Till For opochlminl, 3 lO-o, U9n- 

BX-RECEPT: Chole* NV/ ee with r 
- w ri, 11-3. Dlnel cutlemt/si 
Klrkf 34^-2531, 1S1 w. Heeler 

 i p»rs<nuy«l CQnuiiraoli. 

_J TYPIST n e c e s s o r y , pcrmoncnl, i 
'l of Suit. Apf!/ In pe/lon. Mi r PtarmtKf, 73o it. Moln 

 utl b*: typ;tt. SO WpM, pwnxj. 
•rti, 
Qood ptnaxUity, from fw 

 rC» fTrOnagtir. Socrtt >jrperkr,co In lo rat'ng cr policy typrng htipfti. 
Wrr.gm slorting salary $J7S of up 
-• • •- 
• 
- 
• -|y 4acaf. 

 fr 

 i 
^ j 

^^^^^^^ --'^^^^i 

RETAIL STORE OFFICE .... 

Or» *yp rwcy, o-c pay, d « r a 11 5. lAkkJf m-W1l IJ31 SV/M»llarv 
Ufltm'Kil ptoKmanl 
•- 

EXPERIENCED BANK 

TtU'EK NtrEDEO 

Wly [n person ill i. WW V/hlll 

TEXAS STATE BANK 

PBX Operator-Typist xpcrJcr^o preferred, corrpwy ten lls. 
Afarno White Truck 

Service 

Ci'ERK TYPIST 

 nj I cl flee we rK. 
Dov ill lor appo'j^lm'nt. tfir. /i* i-6536. ronl tjeik, publfc, typ*, 
* 

 ccn>cr.t 
^ 

HO FEE tN ADVANCE 
'/arlo Fcrrli Employn-ent Affc 

 edrkK &k)g. 
2 

FEE PAID $45o 

. 1o k(y o;ider, good spe 

 nollly all Jo 

Jobs unllrti]|*d (iiOcCmcnT itrvlce 

5SQSA BUANCO ROAD 
NEED EXPERIENCED 

Sccrctary-UccepUonfst wwtc In IrweilnKnt-rwl ts! 
Kkc. E^celient lyoist, pleasant 
^orcSi ctneral clf'c* out'ts. ver t bocHtetplng, shcrlrrcnd htlpfi 
<-955X (or Inlervle-rv. 

Adjustment 'Clerk 

't,LI lime. Responsible twiltforv wl eputobJe company, //.oic or fcrncl 
* ;IJ 227-KIJ. 

DE A CULL 1C AH 
GIRL IN SEGUIN 

 inxjiJ, plcosonf ? air; o/nce In 
• 

 flatillshcd InlcrcLting field. 
LU- 

CCplng. typing, ^cnecol reyllnt. 

CULLEGAN WATER. CONDITIOHIK 
SG9Uln 377 ?I?S 
S-A. 3W-53 

oo In great MS col 
Inor practiiL-rt, varied dutiti. 
Khly Kfrk, J*f-3isi, 161 w. R«ct 
Snctllnq Per*or.n<< coamUcni^. 
Fee Negotiable $55o ockj, knew q;rnral IrdMr, tr r.arKloU 37Va hrs., lov.r*. 

Marlt Ftrrlt 
Employmtnt Ann t« HCdrlck 
BWg- 
3I*-*3 

TWO OFFICE POSITIONS AVA 
P-LE: 1 tor itallsllcol • rypIH on 
1 for clctkot, Oppgiluniiy lor pctifl la trgm Inlo InlcrdllrYg office lolcd fkW wilh ooo4 Mure. type, be n»tr cofltr. asluK:, cwnt, onj pr«lsc. College groduo prclcrablc, bur not required. V^'a cwnmen^uroie wilh gb'.nty avJ p d u c t I o n. E/cdlent v.-orking cor 
Hens, bteuHi-jtiY decorated oH/c 

 r-Civ bldg. /*pply In ^rrion l:4j-|l 
Cftd 1-5:3o. Mew Bonk of Sa-i A nla Grjg., Suifc 2tJ [ccro« Iro. 
Seortl. 277-3J/2 . 

 ll» TYPIST NORTHWEST 

o wpm, 3^1.7 hour wk. Fin? 
Icn. Oiril« 922-2711 \in SW /All 

Jobfc uniimllfd placcnvenl mrv 

^i. tfgl 
Cl«rlt-Tvpril, Par! iln-c. 4 
S doy __we_ct:. SI tir, 34^-i4fi. 
DISPATCHER: Oclgolng A iftcr rtlaxtd olfiisiphtrc, frrtfldly boll. 

UfO Call VICKI FREY iil SJ31 

B'ANK 

LOAN 

 j»l be r-.wF, personable and \vfl 

 pfcicntcO wilh jlrcria Tf/ilr.^ ornJ 

 freCdVc ShorfhcrKl Skills. Only bar* uallflrd person r.ecd apo<y. Call 

 oAnn at J23-CWI. ?-llflni only. 

Eq«iid I Opp_orU|_rw1y_ £_ni p!«m 

Ve need a career n'.lnrfcd" we m 3-1, 

 lockgrouixt desirab'c. S l e n d e r . In o&U P-calin ond ivcal appearance. 

•AT WALKER'S Flsurc PcrrCcllon 

RENAL | 

DIALYSIS 
Ti 

TECHNICIAN 

Requires IVN or equivalent 

Conloil Penound Ofli(« 

Boxar County 

Hosp. Distfict 

45o2 Medical Or. 
696-3o3o Ext. 221 

RN 7-3 

LVH 3-1] PART TIME 

APPLY Mil. MSHtS 
OlBfCTOtOT NURIIS 

C A R R I A G E SQUARE 

MURkNO HOMI 

8oJOBLANCOSD. 
344-4S53 

Nurses Aides 

AM Sh'MIs 

924-5533 

LVN 
:; 

FULL'TFME 

 jlorrnantJy Ttrrocs Nanftig Horn* •) 

QUAlTOPPORTUNlTY EMPLOVER* 

UKGEtlTLY NEEDED 
' 
R.H-t Ofld L.V.H.J tiptiirjve sciorlej i (nrrtje btn«T-- k Apply fn pe/ion or by moll;' 

 tr5er.ntl Manner, 
^ 

Mavtrlck Ccunly Kotpitai onirlct • 

P.O. 
BOX 14/9 

EOS'* Pa», Texat 78851 
,s 

REGISTERED NURSES on lime 3 is ll or )? to f Coiwet** ve salary, frlncc bencfili 
'• 

Wrilt of coll MHi Wauion 

JM-MI7 Trio Hoijllsl 
* 

31o Birry Ranch Rd. 
-A 

^- RNs . . . LVNs 

 an you <J«vot» on* or msr« d< 

 p«r week In your chosen field? 

* WANTED ^t- 

 silt t a n | rsr Dental SDeclofiili us I hove Fnlellloence, mafurliy ond cifre lo work. Reply by handwrlr- en ftfier [o ExBr«i-H»w» Box 2(o4 laMng oge< hecUh hlilcry, job crpe* 
!ente, mwitol sfcjlut, age of chl[. 
•ji'ij address qtvj p^onc r,umbef. 

RN & LVN 

NURSE'S AIDE 
DlErTARY AIDE 

All Stillll 

OftK HILI.5 HAVEN 

U-8S37 
. 344-8339 

• — iZO — HHQ wanHil MIK 

Full or Part Time 
-^- RN's & WN's 

3-11 & II 7 Shitli 

-^r; Exp. Nurse's Aides 

Apply SDm.jpm 

HfLLSIDE MANfOrl 

>1IO C?QJlf Lor.e 
B23-o4C 

MED TYPIST TRAINEE 

)U 
1V1CE in -u?j 
_ A C K 5 O 
- 
_ 

DRIVER." for porl tkn« eg* itudenl prcFcrred. 
- ' 
. tc. Ho IfT-flk'r.ri, go*d pay. Fit 

143o ti.E. 
Loop 41o, 

PAEDtCAL LAB TECHNOLOGIST 

Needed lor tmc:i hoip-.iol 7o m'.Ie* 
Norm oF Hmit(on. Qioylllul 
LoVe 
Llvlngilcn orca 
Pccvlouj hoipilol 

 experience 
Q.-VJ current rclcrciKii 
^A^'A,.^!^^"^ 
OFFICE ~NU~RIE3ltl. buly 

LVNs 

ALL SHIFTS 

HOMB E 

LVN 

M 1o 7. FiAtlimc 

Frf.-Sat. cfl 

924-5533 

CHAIRSfDE ASSISTANT 

PERIODOMTIST 

[-.*• «x|t$rr«A:c.d. o<*nrol lucal'on ba"k"Touri<J nrc 
«-3J3l. 

-A" CREDIT -j^ 

CLERK-COILE'CTOR 

_jrtvenlenl hoys arranged lo uork 
•varl Umi. Experience not rcccttorv, vlil iroln. ocod i alary CMK) bcn«Citr 
(:icc«jnT prfwirecei- Equal Opp&rlu^t- y f-mptoi-fr. Coll J-IJ-427o 

LERNEB SHOfS 

ArJ[ji;c 

576.oS86 3446 Cecgea 

IOCKE EMPIOYMENT SERVICE 

Clerk Typist 

ICRETARY wanlfd (cr ow oHke 
EKJl ox p. not fcoglrcd. 
Excel ten 

 plnq n o c t s s a r y . Hovi% 8:33-5 o.>H-(._ if?-M_n_C*M^ rrview. 
^fclERK: Live fiaurciri'ic~iyflc 
IllJf Call VICKI Friy tH-lm 
BlUnrj & Snelllng 1M1 Pat Bookei 

^EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 

SfctoT6' 
Ar''AV *"'' Hlil>Wt Wcncr, ?- 

MEDICAL, SECRETARY >,'' 

Variety cf dallnl Call Groeel 
L ' 

SPEARS PERSONNEL SERVTCE *<! 
M/ JACKSON-KELi-ER 
HMHI •» 

OR 
TJUR5EI 1 7W-ISC1 
Clwrce oK--', 

 ihlfUl : Immtdtole Horli Mai or * llrnil 1J1-7UO *SM Vllkgg Or 
.-., 

Republic Pcricnwl Service 
" 

"> 
'i —«»^wi*^u«fc^B»«fcraja< 

Exp. Carpenters 

Needed By 

 lachry Properties 

Apply 84CO Onto Point 

Sultn 4oo 

Between 8-9 AM 

A*k For Bolt Stawart 

SQUTHStaE OFFICE 

 jeidi e^ed gc.l oiric* bockgro*r>d, fp« 6ok Ille SH or dictaphone. Mar- in HM7U 123J SW MUirary 
Jobs Unllmlled p!gcamtnr icrvlci 

Exp. pplkian Needed 

_ ..w«Js)e a laryc (cb- 7of* wlary. 
RfDllei ConlldenliaL Call \vr. Horxf, 

H-6J61, 6?t-C>o23 cllcr 
7 p.m. Sal., 

Lin. 

STA'FF" PHARMACIST ~ 

PhcrniccliJ o 
'.lal p^xirnxicy d«parlrritnr 

 wer< *:*k. v^Hlh /olqlina cvcnlno *Mf|. pr*kr ho ilenc*. S o I o ( y cemmeru 

 etofr'.crce. Call Co"ccf 

 l8t cxr. Ml cr wr;le: FVrs 
Melhwilst Holpllal ol Dallo 

P.O. 
BOH i!?9 

Dallas, TCKOI 71112 

 n egytil «ppy_i_uaMy__nrpioy 
'" 

. 

4o 

 riav 

 sp'.lol 

Work no^t AH ihlFli cpcnl Todayl 

Coll OlO'Ia 7U-MI1 JOS riacer.wnli 

 ilo/rnenM^e^vice^jlS^I San Pet!r« iSirfOK flVAlLABLCT 

 o m i i t r a o r 

RENOfiH ^MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
Hall«IIIVll!|, T«*oi 

MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 

NeirJ 3—Ihinhlnq rccipt' 

.. 
_<K)d Tyo* end IpUL SH nol reculr.d. *;*-/ft*. 

KINO EMPLOYMENT SHRVICH 

7M1 B ROADWAY 
SUJ TGJM 

Che.r-VdB A»t. 1JJS* 

$35o LAB TRAINEE 
Horn whllt yeu iMrnl coll Orac 
SPEAUS PERSONNEL SERVICE 

MCKSO^KELLER 
IM-1W 

"T*B"6rc'Ai. TRAlliC'RIBBR IIM 
Typ« Ul II'I a o*o.y hoorl uiUy. Col 
' 

MECHANIC 

 ll««d Exp«il«rK« En JoFvi Our* 
Iniliiltrlol end UMNly Iqulp- mint. Knowlldg* of tijJra<t\ii: onj Dttlll irjHin. 
Good Wcrllng Condition ond 
Genirogi linFili. 
1»IARY U??, D!P|KDS ON 

IXPlRflKCf JHDCJfJBdriii 

 lot kilirvitw Conlccl Hr. Jo<li 
Rickardion 

COOPIft IOUIPMIKT CO'. 

«ar 
IJ6-HU 

NORTHllNFDODGf 

Con now«» tmin 
11 AM Joti«-d»y 
Clint Dauorlo 

Col'icl (713) 692-6o41 

Ko*il«n, Nxai 

MILL CARPBMTER J3.W up - . ' 

:vp In msld maklHg. 
Pull> porl 

Lntfl. ftHitd mllltarv OK. Cintral' *. 

:allon. Ken HM7I1 113) SW Mill- 
- 

Jaby Unjlmlicd Bllc^flLH^'io. ''. 

^«Cu'(fy^yort* U7i'C * 

, 
Relir-td APMP-SP 
OK 

^^ 838-o186 J444O^« 
OCKI eMTLOYMENr SMVICI 
,.' 

"SHIPPING 

 lo n-c'ifioui* 
. luiFtrrtr}. <nn.>iri|i hondlf.J l-aJly. fUp'Y 1o t : K p f « i t < 

_ 
"STORE FIXTURE 

 tlort 

 rue lion, SOrQ'y t^ncJ 
1V1 *x 

 xvc«. )» Lama.'. T«<lcrt] Slor* 

 rtl. I 

 con- 
^frl> 

PU- 

Eighth Pog« 
Wont AdtExpro»fNews, Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

MOULDER OPERATOR 

FOR 

WOODWORKING PLANT 

We have an immediate opening for an experienced moulder man. Must 

 be capable of making set-ups, grinding knives, quality control and schedul- 

 ing. 
Primarily single-head, single-knife work in the manufacturing of mill- 

 work, custom mouldings and cut parts. 

Salary depend.ing upon experience; good benefits. 

Reply to: 

CENTRAL LUMBER COMPANY 

P.O. Box 34289 

Dallas, Texas 75234 

AIRCRAFT 

Immediate Stateside Openings- 
• Shcctrvetal Mechanics 
• Aircraft Machinists 
• Aircraft General Mechanics 
• Fuel Systems Specialists 

Immediate Openings 

 in Vietnam for 

Management Personnel 

• Suppty Managers 

 must have experience on the 1o5o-11 
Supply System and a minimum of 4 years 

. experience on USAF Systems. 

• Aircraft Maintenance Mgr. 

 must have minimum 4 years experience in management of USAF aircraft maintenance depot or facility. 

To Ml the above A-rrroft pojifi'Dm, yov m-jil have 'a mi.-M'm'jm of 3 years aircraft experience. App'kants [or overseoi positions must be U.S. citizens, excellent benefits pragio.Ti mckjd'ng liavel pay, pur diem, in- surance, pa-d vacations, etc. 

For Application, Call 

TOLL FREE, T—8oo—654-3869 

LEAR 
SIEGLERJNC. 

MANAGEMENT 
SERVICES 
DIVISION 

-1oo1 Karl/, Limotu Bft-J. 

Oklahoma City. Otta/tttma 731o5 

Kijual dffonuttilj 
Employtr ,!///•• 

<*>x*w;™W::x*:*:*:*S^^ 

"WORK WITH A GROWING COMPANY" -| 

Permanent * Better Pay * Benefits 
McDONOUGH BROS., INC. 

* Maintenance/Welders 
* Laborers 
* Diesel Mechanics 

«pptr =.< doll, .o cm,, totcred 

8 mU«*potl WONDERLAND OHIH-lO«>it al letkrrl 

ATilstol Oppo'tunily ln.pk.y 

CHROME PLATE, INC. 

HAS IMMEDIATE OPENINGS FOR 

• Bench Grinders 
• Mill Operators 

• General Machinist 
• Production Workers 

Good pay—fringe benefits and working conditions 

NIGHT SHIFTS AVAILABLE 

APPLY IN PERSON 

95o3 MIDDLEX 

AH EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

OPPORTUNITY $ 

Invest in your future as a professional 

Service Advisor or Mechanic 

Both opportunities pay as much as 

$1,ooo per month. Experience preferred. 
McKenzie Volkswagen 
4225 South Staples in Autotowrt 

Coll (512) 854-432 J 
Corpus Christ!, Texas 

DRIVER 

Hcovy macli nery Ixiu'ifK) c f-'f bed truck. 

* Good dri/fng record 

* Slorling lalaiy 

».OS Hr 

* Po'd up inivronte 
* Fringe bcicf.li 

Continental fnginc & fqui'pmenl (ompony 

1oo6S. Flores 

MECHANIC WANTED' 
Shop and f I of d tor vice 

Heed eipttrCid >i liydiajt< aid £ cu> 
(n^iNCl. £i»«J wcrHnj 
(eftJiliO.-n. 

Uru^Mmi Ijfiivh.td. Fwrciy (f3-'«^3 fo«d VMI|;^. 
Sckiy iJtpti^uig co trpirita«. 

V/oavor Equipment Co. 

;&hnO»«r« OioUr 

K*w lre»Jir«l|, T.-oi 

(512) 625-7566 for oppt. 

US4 JANITORIAL SUPERVISOR 

Cv*/ling Murt. Mull kniw h»w lo io ofM how t» luftrvtw eu.ecj. 

Perm. Mr. Kelly r/f-27ll I1U SW 

Jobt Unlimited pTorim«n| «£wll*_ 
Jrt' 
Gc'wrar foreman 1o-1SK 
/Uk 
V/oo^-MlllKOrlc ProdiKtic 

@J|]t4Sli 3444 C**fM 

SERVICfi~$TATIOH 

ALSO MECHANIC wirft own TOO'I 
/PP'y 7JOJ PJ«KQ Rd. . 

Experienced 

SEWING MACHINE 

OPERATORS 

Sl.tO-h*.. n T TUTI + p tee role 
All company bcncfifi, free 

Lossp Western 

Wear, Inc. 

. 6623 5. Zorzamora St. 

^CABINET MAKERS 
*CABIN£r MAKER 

HELPERS 

Tradesmen North 

Industrial Park 

15443 Capitol Port Dr. 

692-1o55 

Michael's Cabinets 

 us. avii swwcf joi OFFOnniNir/ss 

Pugef Sound Naval Shipyard 

Bremerton, Washington 

Immediate openings for Journeymen 

Molc/renalc 

« ffoctricion fAlarine) 
* Pipefirfor 
« Pipe Covercr ond Insulator 
* Machinist 
' 
Shipfitter 

* Sheefmefal Mechanic 
* fioifermaker 

« Machinists (Marine) 

A number of posllicns ore ovai'able 'tn the FoUowmg liadui which do nol rcr^Hre Ihe lull knowledgt, slirs ond obi'il^s ol o jcwnt/mon. 
* Pipe coverer ond insulator (Limited) 
* Shipiittar {Limited) 
* Boilermaker (limited) 
Can-ill oppo'nlmenl 
Trovc-1 ord n-oviny e 

 wilh Ful bcnoMi. U.S. Glil'eniriip req^rcd. 

- cu^^K)nzcd in iomc journeyn-ao Irodei. 

For interview contact: 

Puget Sound Naval Shipyard 

Recruiting Representative 
Texas Employment Commission 

4o6 Soulh Main Ave. 

San Antonio, Texas 

Interviews April 18 and April 19 

9 A.M. - 4 P.M. 

Evening interviews available 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Ad Paid for by Employer 

WANTED 

HOLT MACHINERY CO. 

WE NOW HAVE OPENINGS FOR: 
* 3 MECHANICS 

(With Heavy Equipment £«pc;rionco) 

* 2 MECHANIC TRAINEES 
* 3 PORTERS FOR OUTSIDE WORK 

We Offer Many Company Benefits, Including: 

* RETIREMENT 
* INSURANCE 

* PAID VACATIONS 
* s,CK L*AVE 

* TRAINING 
4 LAUNDRY SERVICE 

FOR APPOINTMENT CALL 

MILTON BILLINGS 
684-1111 

Increased demand has ctcalecl a number of 

 j additional posilions for 
[ experionccrf Aircrofl 

Electricians. Qualified opplitcinls must be obfc to assemble, install and adjust various fypes of ai'rcraft efcctricaf and electronic systems. 

Qualified applicants apply in person at the personnel of tice, 

Sweorlnycn Avialion, 
International Airport, 
San Antonio, Texas. 

SMOcTrwlM 

IXCELLENT .OPPORTUNITY 
, fan 
• 

MECHANIC TRAINEES 

Who Desire Full Timo Work 

No Exporienco Necessary 

'.We pay you while you learn aircraft engine overhaul sklllt 

1 Opportunity for rapid advancement 

EXCELLENT BENEFITS 

GAfYAIRCMFT 
—Corpontion 
>>•; 

APPLY IN PERSON: 8-5 MON.-FRI. 
Penonnel Office Nelson Rd. 623-2841 

Toi.fM 3534 1.7 mU.i f,om IH41o fum rljril and foltow iljn lo P.nonn.i Olfl« 

'^n Fqual Oppartunffy Employer 

* MANAGEMENT! i OPPORTUNITY! 
I Well estabtahcd automotive A 
V refail chain is leeking neqt, in,- • 
* feftigenf aggreisive peison • 

 who desires a furuic in au- " loniotivo management. Out I rap'd eipaniion offen urxjiuol • oppextvnily lo gioiv and ad* I vonce with o stable fulme. Ex* f cellonl starting salary ond " idle* Incenilve wlvle in tro.rn- tI 

Tiic know how or retail I experience in saUj 
o1 ' 

 rv.anoge.Tient pielfJiud. Must I be ab'o la fcad alhcrs v.ilhl agareniveneii andl 

 enthusiasm. 
W 

COMPANY BENEFITS * 

INCLUDE: i 

• Free Hospiloliiolion f 

• Drug Prescription 
. 

Program 
I 

• Free Group Insurance 
J 

• Paid Vacation 
• Sick leave 
• 2 Retirement Program! 
• and MANY MORE! 

WE ARE HIRING NOW!!! 

Apply: MR. ELLIS 
WOOLCO . 
SOUTHPARK I 

2214 S.W. Military Dr. f 

San Anfonia 
. 

922-2611 
I 

*i tqval Opportunity Employer W 

SEWING 
MACHINE 
MECHANIC 

EXPERIENCED 

WOODWORKING 

SUPERVISOR 

Apply At 

CREATIVE CABINETS 

3215 N. PanAm 

 f MPIOYER PAID 

FEES ONLY 
Experienced 

Aircraft 

Electricians 

 tfarg 

 pfiolor. Exctllcnl ii»inym one jtar 

CUTIING ROOM FOREMAN. 

B-.J poris. 

. lalctl cqjiprienl. Goet 

(ordiiionv. J+ ytan 

(•ptiie*ie.TiS4CO/l-ovr. 

PERSONNUSERVKF 
464 GPM Soulh 

349-1744 

GARDENER 

 for country club 

Mrcils and uniloimi furnitKcd. i dayl o weuV, 8 hour* a d<j/ 

Call 696-5994 

Wonl fi-Pf cipeikricd i/idjilri- 

75 to Bi rrathire darrvcnl Ice- 

Txiytt una\f necd'c, ? need'c kKk il .ch Vathiie bo*'on hcU en. button ie»ert, Reetc Hi- mold, ard Juki. A11O voriaui 

 chitei. f'rioQ^^r^ih !%£«*. 

For the rigSl parly. Salary wJl t/r peid on ripci-ei(.t>, abi'iiy 

HOLLiS 

OF TEXAS 

1125 East Erwin 

Tyler, Texas 757o1 

(2141 593-18oo 

 fXPERJENCED 

 teafher 

Hand-Cutfer 
/n garments 

 wanted. 

ALTMAN of Dallas 

3oo5 Elm, Dallol 7572O 
Phono: 214—747-51o1 

CABINET'MAKCRS1 

Want ptrjon copoblfr o* tyylktlna a 
I n t e r i o r cabinet wark lor rrar 
•---11--. Coll Ltf, »S!-M». 
GRADEALL OPliRATOK 

Caterpillar Mechanic 

WAITED »AWH>,ATEL> 

ElCilI«nt WOMt 

CARPENTEHS 

HELPERS 
LABORERS 

Report lo 214 WE Loop 4TQ. Aite 1st 
RflV Toylor between 7:i>»n-1oa 
Mon.-Ffl. foi H, Symoni Cooslri lion Co. 
SUPERINTENDENT FOR 

TELEPHONE 

CONSTRUCTION 
IN HOUSTON, TEXAS 

OHUJull, eabtei montotp, prpe dips 
Mult have J years pa*t experler.c 
CALL UI3) W1-SU3 

MACHrNfST for ldh» «r mJUL 

MACHINIST INSPECTOJ 
Aircraft Sheotmetal Ma 
SRM^Mfg, CO. 
1-771-W 

Service Representative 

 cooilrucUoo Cflvf-xntr-1 $o.1 Arrti oreo. RcrMol ond atrvlce, wJai «»p< rlence trtlplv). Wuif bo ulF-Ilorte 
Training ond leodi lurnltfiod. Rep to Dob HortVn, STrcwn Mfrctvorrtfl 
Bftg_ ?o5jO, poljot. T«»Qt 7JBO 

Wonted: iWenmotlrtg ond e 

$f MECHANICS It 

DrtSiHrtOYY fluty 
• trttn 

AIRCRAFT 

MECHANICS ll jV.Hi at r-.nny JorofiDni U.S. end vencai. Foi AppJkolion wfilc; 
Dynaloctrort, 68o1 Calmont, 

 ft. Worth, loxat 76116 

An Eqxl O^pcilowi/ fnf'o/e; 

_ 
. 
Siryice 

 i»o ruwr-up MEOHAWIC 

 ftralctl. 
<r«rr1 irvft, nvtllng motor, 

COU Ik* m-DIl IU) iW MIKtary 

>«nl t«rvlc 

EXPERIENCED 

Bwlrk Motor trvlMV Kwj«l. 
Mwir IIMW AC-M urrlr* wo;h. 

 r Isilort. 

EARL &CHIEB n«dl eKpef oulomobllt painlen, -. Top 

, 5 rfoy week, OK/ tieocf 

 l, Contacl 

 t U S H I fAaloUnwic* ni*>trv I w 
, 

Salary + tlli car allow. Slorl $SO». 
Ted WagMr, ^1 3iST, 1H w. Ktcler 

MQtur.l Capoblt o1 No^rihl^r SliOf 
Hid workl He*4 franiMfli iPEARS PEHSONKEL JCRVICE a J«CKW1M KELI-EK 
Ut-I 

CAJ.L214 — 82T-388o 

ELECTRONIC 
TRAIHEEt 
I.C-fr-J.M 

 with abllllxi B*g(n a core«rl 

Job! 

 prcrwE 

MECHANIC, 

Concrete Finish $2.75 hr 

TRATNEE: UVA 6 w i l n t n axd 
~-«v« »p t«* *in< r*p c»m*amr tJH Call Tarn UWM 7Jl-n*1 
SMLIlKfl A Inn Una «l Wen*4/k}*d 

H Hr. MECHANICS M Hr. 
Ali-crall cr euro. tnol<. ftmcle l ^<wtn nioiil. 2jo» E. j roii^ Jot_l_lrjc. _PkKtrrnnl S«rvlc« 
' 

CUIKS1-7UO IkC Villas o 

Painters 

 lo po'nl our new r 
<t txalj. pteots cal 

^ 
. 4M-HSI 
*o»d OniM CfMtlriKllaii Cfl. 
: WW?/ «*v«on, Ttxol 77oM i «yrol cfxriUBjry imftayir 

Mechanic/Heavy Duty 
Catorpillar Equipment 

SALARY OPfH 

Coll COLteCT (71)1 «>.IJ)I r>urwB«d OrMrM ce»fru<ll&n Co. 

B«x MM), HMJlltn, Ttvvi T7B14 

•ARIER WANTED 
~~ 

TxpTeCECTTiclAMi HBBDED" 

 i4rieflcIi!<it''BMviictoA ot C a i f t"c 

HMh Of BWUty. W^351; 

HfLP WANTED 

Full llrr.t urwtcf ilo|l«n c7)f, ond V.tchonk. iM-mi. 

o1CSBL MECHANIC 

Wulf b* •iDirtinccd and wlllTng (6 ftfQtol* with Qfo*lM COmMriv In 

H-o C/oArfe Voll*y, Conloel: L. C. 
«oll*r, LCW Trucklno. .1*., P.O. 

PLUMBER 

. 

 pairs, opcrrit tc«r mocJiln*. Do- pwxJaWo tvrf oe<rt In appwrtJn 
Confocl JOHH Sf^CIA. 
_ 
341-MII 

THANKS TO CI.ASSIFJED! 

' O.liV 1-1 (VII W ('f. U|L*-JMV||.i1 
't<> (•Yi,lrHl •" »*•« »'->J* n(y>l(J -I .I i,,x 4-^ ri kii 
»*1 p.*t L*!^. J 

 k r ^ A . I v,-*t-,f^t»J,»Hwti<,,.rf ir" ut d f,'r1 !(•>.,•.) -| DKVI, mi f-/^ 

AIR CONDITIONING 

MECHANIC 

IMMEDIATE OPINING 

PtRMANINT tMPlOY- 

MENI, GOOD WAOfS, 
BENEFITS AND WORKING 
CONDITIONS 
FOH 

QUALIFIED MECHANIC. 

PHONE 512684-1511, 

Exl.45or66 

NORTHSIDE 

INDEPENDENT 

SCHOOL DISTRICT 

59oo Emj Road' 

Sati Antonio, Texas 78238 

Paste Up 

Arlist 

Needed 

 t o< ftilt i TMl>tt «lp(ti- 

K't M.t4 * tilllfi k«j WHk, (ltd tVk;irH« NihM^uti UiM« «J 

M wt hive a Fl»(« l*i M». If 
«1 n rK» !„, »| J,^!T JMj. 
IB w»fk wJlJi f*.? evltft lit 

 p!** for r**.,f*w l tn Hx q«iMt •! c 

 ril rbii «wJi in titi.j, efwi* ici^ 

 cta.nc IK 

The Creative Oiretlor 

THE PITLUCK GROUP 

1OO RkhmonJ 

San Antonio. IX 792o5 

MECHANICS 

[wilh o 
*- 
* •—'-• 

TRAINEES 

(with ambition lo learn) 

Apply In Penan al 

.the tlM* ntarttl you 

641o San Pedco al Jackson-Keller 

• 6746 N.W. Expressway 

 al Wonderland 
* - 

• 18o1 S.W. Military Dr. 
-534 Fair Ave. 

Applications now being 

 accepted 

 for: 

EXPERIENCED FOOD SERVICE 
MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 

If you are interested in an opportunity I 

| with one of the fastest growing and f 

 most dynamic organizations in tho j 
Southwest, apply in person. 

HANDY ANDY, INC. 

3ooo E. Houston 

|Monday-Friday, 1 Oam-1 2pm or 2- 

5pm 

We Are An fo.ua! Opportunity Employer 

If You Arc An CiperrcrKed 

FOLDING MACHINE 

OPERATOR, 

We WcfM YOUIt! 

Goad benedri in a wcll-cs- 
Fob'iihed Son Antonio book- binder,-. We will offer you an honest wage for Koncsl vt-cxt, pkii job icrurity cr.d advanccmcrvl potential. Ca'-l 
225-6551 (o1 mreivicwop- 

^ poi'nfircnf. 

'Equal Opportunity {mplajcr 

Ornamental Iron 

Fitter/Welder 
Truck Driver. 

Shop Assistant 

Exporianta required 

ENGELS, INC.-SIEEL 
4815 NW Industrial Dr. 

684-3211 

GRtAT COMPANY BENEFITS 
.&ND EXCELLENT WORKING 

CONDITIONS 

Experienced 

DIESEL 

MECHANICS 

Milton Chevrolet'^ Heavy 
Duty Truck pepl, needs 3 
111 ex mechanics RYpoHcrvced in working on heavy duty dieielj. fop pay, beneffls, hospi- laliznlion and excellent- woiltwvj condition^ 

Contact Harvey Hoby 

923-2311 

9o2 S,W. Military Dr. 

RED LOBSTER 

INNS OF 
AMERICA 

• Has operwngs for Irirj fol.'ow- 

 ing poiitJoni: 
* Day Cashiers 
* Sotod Preporaffon 
* Dining Room Servers 
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED wewiunAM- 
Apply i"n pe/io-n 

9 am-1 I am; 2pm-4pm 

1451 1 NW Loop 41o! 

MAINTENANCE ENGINEERS frssn «rilb n-rthci'io) f>pfj'(rrt fc 

 bakery ec.ji^ncit rroinleacRce. 

"* 5 day week 
* AO tompany b^ntfill . •' 
* Sclory cpcn 

APPtY IN PIRJON TO 

GARY BALDWIN 
1923 NEVADA ii Ec,i 

TRAIN TO BE AN 
ELECTROLOGIST 

(PcrnxiriCfU Ha'r RcmovoJ) 
(cie« effMluttijr- Fci W^^il cib 

.i sil 

 nd alliodivc pthoiolilji Ig bi roined in He* Y«k ci en «td 
Hofog-Xl fer'leadiig D»^. ilcrp 
Ifr.fy Sc'xi in tSn city. EjpMHs 

COMMERCIAL 

PRINTER 

NfGHr SUPERV/SOR 

Mm r^e »n-e vjfttmw eipern -Kf. 
^iil have kp3»'[^e oj b"oj<ty o-.d olfwl Fl^fl^^rvJ. 5clory e,ien. 5e«d 

TP lo v 

IXPRHS HIWS BOX 4S7o 

NAPLES 

RESTAURANT 

321o Broadway 

AIR CONDITIONING 

SERVICE PERSON 

 iypcrJcnctd en osnvr.crrcol ond ctrx-! iri reikknIJgl. 
WOBCS open. Call 

* 2 HAIRDRESSERS-^ 

. preferred but.- not' rwcciwry 

 convniision. Michael's Beoufy 

 mmcdkile oxnJngi (or oulo oU1 

 ondltisning tniloiferi & repoircnen. 
Some exp. required, C enrols Service 

TRLfCK DRIVER 

...j &c able to be out of tav.n 

 days a week. Coll: 
H A S BROKERAGE iK-TQ 

Trim Carpenters 

 need experienced Sufr-canlrocHno 

 rim corpenters to do Hie ini'rfc ol 
• neM homti on a ctxilracl bo e^ooll Mile ol m-7777 ^ 

TRUCK DRIVER . 
. 

Avtt'be exp«/lerKe<J In'hoylrng pro 
KICQ and wHirnQ lo relaco!e viiih 

 rYg company in 
Rfo Crcndc 

. WoiXd travel rexai-Loulslon 

 na Terrllary. Prefer over 75. Con 
QCl; I,. C. Waller, LCW Trt-c 

 c-, P.O. Oox 718, Ed:nb'jrg\ 

(512) 313-6W1. 

Experienced, now w&fklng rrtulfler rtofl wonleo. Pay lo VI per hour. ontoct Ed ol 
33SQ Fred ricks burn td. 
__ 

.ijed beouiiclon 

 pcHerrod. 

Holr styliit with fo'.lcwlng for cle 
Son) so-'oo 
In 
Dljcn Plozo. 
Hfflh 

 ommlnlon, Flgoro'i CalKurei, 823- 

Skampao Otil ft AtQotcurhr C« fid I on 

 oicd J/.ondoY», tlt-tm. 
Crnrres 

PLUMBtRS 

Bold Lon« off 

PORTRAIT 

PHOTOGRAPHER 

 perknctd end permanent, mvt 

 a cor. Apply 2oU H. 

_... 
__USQN 
COMPANY 
KERB 

VI L-LE 
NEED5 
EXPERIEtfCEO 

LINE T E C H N I C I A N S . APPLY 
SE R V;r.C E. PE PA RTME N T. 
'erion rwcdftj yritn rrw-woerlol ceo- abllllrrt a.td inKhonkiri crptrltntt vtlFii m a c n l n e r v . /^P'y at 
DUectty Df. »5, Moo-Frl, 

•MACHINE OPERATOR 

WAREHOUSE 

 jiuiinvy solary 4IJO. Paid vocal I on t r e e hoipJIollioHonr 5 day *rar week. Thflse with oood potenthii wi rliejoit. Apply «147 Acorn HH1. 

 or rcmfrdtl<rj ihflp. Apply in pcrio snV 3rs ffwr Htrjonncl Ollke, SI 
Anthony Holel. 

CEKERAL «..„ 

OENERAL WELDERS 
<!.worlii^*J!!K/ vr**kf ""^ hcuri 

SOIL 

Exp<rkfl£*d In till tcir$ll«g ofltf f«fc carlnf, Trovll inv«l»ed. 
Witt CDflVHt Stlumlc Driven, 

Kellonal SOU SKvECd, Inc. r.o. BOX nstt 
Daiioi, 

•EXP, ASPHAIT ffAK&R 

822-5956 

Sc Nccesllan Trabajadorcs 
Poro oc^ktv piedra tlpo concrelo tarcdii «xt*r1o'frf «n ctrvai exlslen 
*» en e\ oreo do IfouHon. ootlon- 
« 1rotx>J& y 

 ikvr a lo 

_ jpply ««ifcrtl« tvr« lion* to l« orlor woUt ol exltllng (tomes hi looifvi orea. Plenty ot work on* 

 e«c«ll«flf pa/. For (nfofmotlon co! 
"-LECT, rfJ\, 
Lavfrtnw. 
1713 

"MAN TO HUM'aTBASF 

AND FUEL TRUC^ 
*^ hta> 

 wwtfed, 

 tftcrM. «7 «77. 
RJLLYEXPEHIEncnO 

RAOtATOft REPAIR HELP 
MEtOGDI Topswo«, Wkv/, cm EL RtnHoton )m aotti Rd, 

 tf AWORfiSSPR * 

 rj wflh klfowlng, wining 

\o\tt over nr«t iMp in Mn dmrk 

' 
?.°1orJE..'"' c 
Mr, Orleyo 

 m- op«i*. Coll 

MACHINE 'SHOP 

Experienced 
ED mochlniils, 
1 

 ind 'mill operators. 
Electroptnlcr 

'RECIiiOPJ WFG. CO., XH4 SJnclo 
ItS., (W 8-317o. 

Plumbers & Helpers 

FOR APARTMENT WORK 

Oftl^, Brtiih end e 
. 
Tired iprav wktry up lo V3.SO, e 

TRUCK ORIVtR 
(laHIng ialary, PoW vocal-on 

 f r e e haiplraMiallon, 5 day V.M! week, thoie wll^i cood po'enllol vrll 

 li< foil. Apgiy -IN? Acorn HMI, lMe and loader opcraforT^ as 

>hQlt mcn-exp«rlcfic<d. Central pov 
K'fl company, 6S34M1. 
Experienced Corp«nler wanlfd to tn I trier & exterior remodeling an ijory name. 7M-«7j_o_r t?frT_4_r9 

BODY MAN 

Sanders Tap * Bodr 

• Jacfe Fiin«r-Lcwli Sandert 

111* Auitla 51. 

MECHANIC 

SHEET ROCKERS WANTED 

<1 JJ.JMW» HMldO, TX. 

BR'AKE & FROKT 

M^CHAMIC 

GLOBE AUTO CENTER 
_ 
7U1 loi P«tfr« 

FUjtrg'wi ' d u"c^ lni)tHlers— o 

OICSEL SSMI DRIVERS HrJCDU i .,.-, t)(p r«Qulred . ronn roufi 

Air condition tig TrviioTlef i ori'I'Toiif 

 metal duct worf, Cfllt, Ml-15o1, • * 

-..- v«or|tlno torKflllwii, PerrtMMn 
Call Mr. Stick) olUr 4 p.m, iS 

 lr««d-t)rh(( lervlivxj 

AM NValtresies/Wciltflrs 

Ai^l^ Ift J*«rMrt 

Donnas ficifburanf 198 

*W rl.W. Bypftuwgy ^ • 

 ttARMAID W A I fit • $i, j5«| | no/. 27J j;;i, »i«7i. 
1 

Waitress/Waiter • 
1oPM-6AM Shift • fi*( ^4rw [vefntcBtr.1 pofil:3i • 

* Paidlni^rcnce 
<l 

* Vac'alion 
• 

APPLY TO WAM^CtE 

OoSbt Koui« Retlwjicnf 
E 

(fite/ralionol Aiipcil 
• 

 locaF(>d jnskJe mult Icrrru'nul • bmlrJng. 
| 

822-3212 
I 

• An Tquol Opportunity trnpjoftr ^ 

^Jim'i Coffee Shop; 

 and 
• 

Frontier Drive Ins J 

* Fry Cook 
-*• Cashier 
* Curbctte 
* Dishbussing 

 for loialioni wilh opening! call 
| 

828-1496 l i 

JUO Re jl at rant Mgmt, (WO .." 

Service CKp. or will train! Hurry 
• 

Call Jorn $31-o151, 15M B. Soulh 
Cro». J obs^n c^ P jo ccrn enl Servks. 

$IJ3 WK HOSTE5S~T he r«ilaursnr needs exp kosfei^ er evening)! WMk 5-11:39 p.m. CoH-. vnn ta-troo 
IIM Auiim Hwy., 

Jctit U«Hmiled_ptac«nitnT itrvlee ^ 
* DIET COOK* ;: 

Appli- P-l, Slit Caull Lana 
HILLSIDE MANOR, 

- 
- 
, i board h- eluded, 
JU--.D ?r>d'Aug. 

Mlrt. Must have al kast 3 yrs cxp ' 

 reference i. a<-27^7. 
__ 
, x 

 if Part time Help if^f\ 

Apply fn pcrjoa 
• - 

BILL MILLER BAtt BQ 
> ' 

24S4 Hurry Wgnboch 
^ ^'J 

* 
COOK 
< 

* 
DIETARY AIDE 
^ 

EXPEKJENCED 

F«r Muiiirvg Honnc. Apply 

Carrlag* «<iuar« 

Nursing Homi 

8o2o Blanco Rd. 
344-4553 
* 

WWW^ 

•^T Cafeteria Trainees '^r 

SlarK IMS! Will IraTfll-Aqt 1< up| 
Call Ota/to 7Ji4U1 Job 
PJffCC- men]i n-^ieymcni Service 4i|i son Pedro 

SHORT ORDIp fRY COOK 

For Drive In Thoatro 

5 lo A HrflhU per weeV. 

IREDERKKSBURG RD. 

DRIVE IN THEATRE 

 ta Riehte Mexican Rwfauranl pcrlcnc«J V / a l l c r Wanled. 31 

5rih.Sror MaH 

 led: 
Full lime doy 
Darlren 

«i{ port time night wallresj-.A^ 
• in pcfjon, union Jock, 
%fi: 

CLUD BWANA OIK 
'~~ 

(Oa The River Walk! 

 eedj experienced cocktail v,o:irc« ui( be real ond attractive. ]•: onli a neck depending upo.i avail wiry. Alia r>«d tin txpcrfenced ay barieixfer for doyjMft. 6 daw cek. P l e a s e iLtpply reler<nco- toiani ig t [ o jnd^iijt, g o o d po- 

COOK 

Jl "me, toma »ixn'encc. Csod 

1 
51eok Ho 

^/'ai^ress & Counter Girl eaicnl evening wwk, hourj 5:3o 
- txperitncc and rc<er«ncci ro 
Ircd, jus pe- "- - 
- 
• 

 rt. 
OWLEBAMA 

Sltofc Cook 

4719 Blanco R<J 

 v^an^«f, Loil Vo1 

^i/ 
DOf><Jcra, Te» 

"'5 1o""y °P" '"" 

'hake/s Pizza Parlour 
And Ye Public House 

Mat epinlngi lor: 

Full & Part TJmc llcJn 
1o EXPERIENCE IIECESSARY 
*»!)• In cmc« 
HiJ CQLlAD RD. 

THE PLAYPt>l"NORTH 

Needs a I). J. 

 anil Cocktail Hostess 

APPLY IK PERSON »Ti 

1o1! JaOiion Ktlltr 

Soil, IU. tAW-lPM 

ASKAAASTCR 

Ctfertltw Dr. 

 rtlVATE CONTRACTO'R ow Mr fog dinUtg hall nd oiiina.ll tflnlrvg hall uil Hove ifliKl l.*rvic» bockCKOvn llti itrong iup<rvli«ry cHilll 
' 

 cntf aavon-cerrvcnl tDrtw 

 ilh obllllr. An O*ce1l*n1 o 

II yoy quotilV. 
Apply Bl*|. 14W, 
SM?perd Air rare* BB 

 r conlnct Wtt>t1ir CQAlr 
. . 
MT, oct/o'l 

^ 
_ 
I" l. Wickila ralli, T*jr 

COOKS 

T^i™"!'' 

 irdir Cow, o atod Arr.lt. F. 
, . 
.„ krtie, jut/, A u g u 11), Evp«rienci nd rertrencM niWfd. S**xJ ritum a Frn o( THr IHilt, l»l JuntKn w/, Ktrrvlllt, »Kf?i or coll /Ar 
'Morn m-?X)Q. ntaionobli houtln 

DAY SHIFT 

FULL TIME or 
. PART TIME 
No Experience Necenocy 
Cltan tut and neat appearing. 
Prefer 18 yeors and over. 
APPLY IN PERSON 
6967 SAN PEDRO 

See Mr. Riddle 

EXP. 'COOK 

 r otkw, 

 nly del* ratable, r« f i n e d person 

 apply. Permonent [ob, pad vo- 
, Irlrvfle beneflls. Conveniently 
. d to all bui ilopi. B&Q Rcs- 

 tujrtnt, 317 II. ST. Marys 
_ 

"•i- WAITRESSES * 

 permanent full t»n>e only 
Day or evening sWm 

Food -Beer- Wine-Live Mujlc 

We will traln-Sa'orv and lips 

TOWNE POlW* CLUB 

WAiTER-wArraess 
COCKTA'fL : 

KITCHEN 

Apply Ii per»n ill N. TanamOfa 
. XARftrWS Mtxlcon R«tauronl - 
1 

SU* COOK 
«UeK snack bur, lla-ip Wed Sufi nii* m-37ii ittJ SW Military 
Jobs Ual.mlltd pfacejnent service '.; 
,rth SIdt 
Hlxwt drinks 
Jcungc 

 ccdi attractive,"tfcpcndcble bcricn-- rcii for nlgM jhlft. 52.5o per riO'.r. 

Call 432-7H1, 
- 
' 

COOKS 

 wilh cxcerlcixe for nof3lr>g fiomc 
924-5533 

Experienced Cook 

7 1o 3f 5 days 

 fttplf 
Medico) Aril CoHcc Sho 

Waitress/Waiter 

Evc-fllng iMIt. Apfily ht p«rioa 
HOLIDftV INM NORTHEAST 
3115 ran «ni H«y. NcrthMII 

Temparnry 

SECRETARIES' 
StENOS 
HILE CLERKS 

SftClil PfOPLl 

Ihoi's wSal our E.O. Iea-pv. i«e. 
They »o-l vh«n lhe» <ai — 
1^1 iSe at^invitiu Ircf tliemf 
Wouldn'l ,ou Lit lo |ci> Irrrn! 

EMPLOYERS OVERLOAD 

349-1371 
7o77 Son Fed,. 

 rtmcorory Employmcnl 

•ASKMASTER EmjiloynnjjiT Sc 
U ce»1erwle« Dr. 

Help Wanted 
Mli<cl!anoou« 

WANTED 

 ttN ANTONK) EXPRESS 

HOME DfUVERY CARRIER 

IN DEL RIO 

Excellent income for 

 someone livino in this area. Work onir f>our oach morning before 6:oo 
A.M. 

 roi more mfoimafion eo'l 

Collect DAVID LENN 

225-74) I Ext. 291 or 478 

An ftjvtjl Opportunity 

 fmntoyer 

COUNTER WORK Iflulh 
11.14 

COOK'S HELPER nor It) l.« 

'AAlDi dOy hOiiri 
VtM 

CASHIER *Kp«rJtnCtd . 
)fl 

PliOIIE V/OrtX Ml/i „.,"., ME 

Jobhru Ml'V" MAi sw"'*"ll»-'v 

CMlprH»uM(>f« *fKltl Co<**' iui 

JliBM^Hrl":! 
. ralnooi-i-" 

Super Exciting! 
Super Earnings! 

U.S. AIR FORCE OR 

U. S. AIR FORCE RESERVE 

. KELLY AIR FORCE BASE Call 924-5186 

I Exciting part-time or full time jobs now available. 

^••••i»^B Or Fill Out Coupon and Mail Today! (••••••••••MMM 

433 TAWg/RS KELLY AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78241 
E/N 

NAME 

 j- 
ADDRESS- 
PHONE 

CITY 

Prior Service(Yes). 

(Not 
Necessary!) 

.STATE 
. ZIP. 

-(No) 

U.S. 
AIR FORCE/UJ. AIR fORti RtStRVI/U.S. AIR FORCE/U.S. AIR FORCE RESERVE/U.S. AIR FORK RESERVE 

PRODUCTION ASSISTANT 

Typo 6oWPM, lite spoedwriling or shorthand, 1o key by touch, aptitude for figures, capable of handling various office dufios. $4oo + par month. 

DATA CONTROL CLERK 

1o key by touch, oplilude for figures, prefer some data processing background. $2.25 per hour 

INDUSTRIAL NURSE 

ASSISTANT 

Type 5oVVPM, familiar wilh medical terminology - complete medical and accident reports, desire to learn all phases of First Aide. $2 oo per hour lo start. 

Working conditions for the above positions ore 

8-4:45, .Monday-Friday. Cafeteria, all benefits and free parking. 
. • 

Apply in person 
. 

S ANTON E INDUSTRIES 

6818 S. Zarzamora oqua/ apporrunlfy employer 

E- 
An £quol Opportunity Employer 

EXPRESS & NEWS 
Motor Route Opening 

NEW BRAUNFELS AREA 

$25o.oo to $35o.oo A Month m 

I 
Part-Time Work No Experience Necessary 
! 

J '/i Hours In the Morning 
.\Yi Hours In the JTvenfng 
Need Good Transportation 

For More Information Call,.. 

Collect 225-741 1 Ext. 291 or 478 

Ask for Mr. Jim Harris or Mr. Salvador 

WE NEED YOU 
AND WE'LL PAY 
TOP MONEY TO 

GET YOU! 

IF 
YOU 
QUALIFY, 

 norlliAmerkan Van 
Lines Will Give You 
One Of The 
Best 

Training Courses In 
The Moving Industry! 

You'll loom I he moving 

(bu»incii wilh lha foileit 

o/Ow'fiQ major vnn line ifi Iho couoliy, AND you'll beroo-.c a piofustkmcil owner/driver with ilic cppcrlur.il)' lo be a hirjKly iuccejjful buiinoii- 

1 raining in driving and busineis opomtiorv, mtofim l.ving expcntei PLUS flown payment on a Iruc.cr. 

TO QUALIFY yo-j n-.ini be ... 

» 21 ciovcr. 
* 
Hove o good clrivrny 

 reco'd. 
» Be fif-.'jru.inlly Slcb'u. 
• Hove a good employment' fiisdvy. 
V/e ntcd people v.ho ore 

 inlcrciled frj self- 

 lor cjood rewards, ond txe will ng to fnvott in iht^r (ulurc. 
If rfial'j fhe tfid yoy ere, we should gel together 

Coll Toll-Free 

.8oo-348-2191 DAY 

OR NIGHT or write, 

North American 

Van Lines 
P.CX Bo« 495 
Depi. — 335A 

Fon Wayne, Indi'on.i 468o1 

(2) EXPERIENCED CASHIERS 

(2) EXPERIENCED BUTCHERS 

(2)STOCKERS 

EVENINGS 5-9 

MUST BE BONDABLE& B|.LINGUAL 

227-1521 

RETIRED MILITARY 

PERSONNEL 

Star I a new "coiecr as 

Imuicnce and piofil ihorina. 
No ciporience nccoiiOry, we 
•will ha in. 
[nlcrvicwi weekday! 1-4pm 

3oo W.JonosAve. 

FACTORY WORKERS 

|£: + Good work reference required 
K * Must be physically fit fcj Large manufacturing facility making glass fibur>; 
J$ producls and automobile batteries. 
I:-: Starting salary $2.23 hr.'PlUS major benefits | 
I;;! 
APPLY IN PERSON ONLY 
If 
3o16 Austin Hwy. 

. . . 
An EqyaJ Opportunity Employer' 

Service Desk Clerks 

Full time and Part time 

1) Wookondi—7 t o l Sat. 7 to 4 Sun. 
2) Weekends 4 hrs. Sat. 4 hn. Sun. 
3) Full ttmc \ P.M. To 7)3o Mon. thru Friday. Alternating 

Sat. S Sun. 
41 Full lime 4:3O A.M. to 1 P.M. Mon. thru Friday. Alter, noting Sat. A Sun. 

Apply In Penan 

Personnel Office—9;3o to 11:3o 
Express & News Corp. 

•»^-»^--»--» 

Hiring For Our Ladies 

PROFESSIONAL PACKERS DEPT. 

Piofcr 1 8-45 years of age, lo Iroin as professional 

 packers. 

* Part Tlmo Work 
* Excellent Salary 
* Idoal Working Condllfons 
* Military Wlvoi Welcome 

 rrtinifuj/rnffcri onrf Jclpf^Kinu iit'ccuiny. 

APPLY IN PERSON (Male & Female) 

Botwaon 13-3 PM TO 

Eddie Manns, Betty Findlay, Allan Hall 

9625 BROADWAY 

ASSISTANT MANAGERS 

NEEDED FOR 

APARTMENT COMMUNITY 

Stalary Commensurate With Experience 

Apply In Person 

Beginning Monday/ April 15, 8-4 P.M. 

Ellison Development Inc. 

4ooo Frcdorickiburg Rd. 

An Eqxl OFporlM-ty Errp'ayer 

GARDENER-MAINTENANCE-YARD 

PEOPLE 
NEEDED FOR 

APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
Salary Commensurate- With Experience 

Apply In Person 

Beginning Monday, April 1 5, 8-4 PM 

ELLISON DEVELOPMENT INC. 

48oo Fredericksburg Rd. 

• 
' 

Clustom plersonnel 
THervke 

, us l-.f«.hir«M|-»«•»» 

FEE PAID 

.5.1.1...pi.tr 

\ 
Mon and Wpman 

I 
Itmocsw cn6 Ucii«3 TibJt 

I r»«V wl S 

Looking For A 

Job? 

Sum you arc, 
But why settle 

For o job? 

Why rvo! Fiml p caiccr o-nt ilO(> your periodic fooJ*iiiQ 
For scxiiclliinn new . . . 

 but 

 it Ickcs o love lor noluic, n v^il'ingnen lo work Iwnd or.d the cibilily lo work wilh f)i!o(>tc . . . 

 sound liVc you? 
Cell Mr. Walker, 

A94-3581 

Hon.-Fri., lOam-Spm 

E i cKp.u» liauri 
Nowt (tours 
• 3:oo A.M.-1o:3o A.M. 
12:oo-8:oo P.M. 

Must hove automobile* 

Apply In aouon 

9:oo A.M..1113o A.M. 
Personnel Office 

Ave. E and 3rd 

An c<7ufij ofijtotlur^ty employer 

. - 
- 
IDE. Lia™ o|llc« ind pic- 

 lvr« l«klna. TJl-f7J7. 

KINO EMPLOYMENT JCHVICE 

I iotairMirriVijH" 
1'". IN, .„«< etj." l^S}*iJ rw.ric •». 

 fKUv-m'4 j.rr ««r. lk« fii-aii.iui sw win- 

! 
^e^'n'. 
!.S,JL*^Jte»S!U!2!» 
| 
San Anlonlo, 76515 

S 

 ni ud emme. TII-"3'< rLOVMBHT SEKVICK 

)Mt FKBDCRICKIIURO HP. 

STOTlE'iAClir^H Wk 

Will Iraln f«r mo«os«mMf Miliu* toil ik« tn ml lilt JW MMfianr 

Work (Kiirfid ciri, katn aulo pen It, 
Slock «roc«rMt. pirmp §91^ « io!*ti 
W « r * h « u t * / dttivlry ir lacliry 

 w»rtc1 •• 

Coif Mlic« 7M-444I J«* rrdC4nrt 

Cmpl»xmfnl S*nrk« HJIA PM 

$2,6o-DRIVeRSI 

W« 
Ctrl JUin 7M4HI Ji ifnrjc« 

Tm. wt| i filtrv + c*A*nhu««l N* hMvy miuf-Mt ft nwHri c«ll Ctrl 
1111*41 
IIMA «I«K< 

J«bl UAllmJI*4 flteemtnl Wfvkl 

 i''ii6Ma~Y6lMrV*«)i ' AD-j 

 l \ttrn t/r ti w»rk Htwt 

HI |ml vrwll V«fl. Av|. H-1«X. C«« 

JIM D4VI1, Ul-Ull. lit W. M*ct«r 
Sndllnfl PtflQOM^ Ctr.t*H«Hll. 

*SAIES if 

Pateli hof^rtK, t«r*«n th*f lumM u b«iM(nf, iifM inCtfrnr Htwi 
Call C«lhy lil-mi }M fWr» 

_ 

 ilnliia~C«.*Mnr)ri "pirwoi fi'wor n A ojl olonl, Prilir <emmircl 
Icenie, v,m train. CXI Sal A &u oyllnM Mvr». :tl W. LoCho<lli 
1.5)1' S<>w«("Ofi*Ji»lir>(v»i'? 

STOP & GO MARKETS 
SEFKING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES FOR 

•A- Store Manager Trainees 
* M-7 Nighl Managers 
* Parl time 1 1-7 nlte mgrs. 

[Hrf.-Sat. nites) 

A; Part time evening mgrs, 

(6 P.M.-12 P.M.} 

Pcrnxjncn! clean inyde woik. Abavo average ilaili'ng ioJopx 

EXCELLENT FRINGE BENEFITS. 

Apply at EMPLOYMENT OFFICE 

2o4 E. RHAPSODY—9 AM-5 PM 

2 FULLTIME 

DISTRICT MANAGERS 

SAN ANTONIO 

EXPRESS or NEWS 

••»»»»-»•»».'»»-»•»• 

Chauffeurs 
Excellent Pay 

.rAIHOftWOMIrl 

* Air co rvj i 1 1 txwrl cobs 
'* Pico la n I -woiVing 

 ctxwJilioni 

* All company benoliti 

RetiBalKob 
• 

THUDK iAL«i A CLKMICAL 
Eip«rknc* In paiflup ond Is^oul or olh«r prlntrng t». Ntriul, exetilMt 
[>oy and. Irlnoje bcntflli w!to cp^or vnitc (or advaocirrvini, . 
""PXE-'*£*5_^ 
^i'.Ll??_t^^ 

_pleti earn 

 ong enioy II. U] 

PRODUCTION 

TRAINEES 

5 <lny wed. All com|i<iny licnatili. Sntmy Of.cti. 

Apply In person 

1973 Nevada 

Mrs. Bohrtels's Bakery 

WARatOUSE KEEPER 

TRUCK DRIVER 

Commercial llcenu ntccuory, OK 
Irt ptraon. noi proaawoy* 
AtTrocilv* woltrn* needed for T 

Tap Room. Good f^Y. c oiler « p.m. 

MIAINfTCNANCE AAAN w«*K, wm >n atMMti. nil 1«O*BW*Y 

Wvrfc M Mtonr »r t*mmr»*it*i c«1 
C#ft WMttl Si«A »rWK« 

TART TlHi 
IdMl Hr Ihrfmlt 

Ht4f Cl««l CMNttfcM 

«:M >• >:M AM (M 

Mf ln»»rrl*w/ wrlk 
•It tf*l«ir» •**«! vwrwlf 
T« P.O. >»i mi 

AvttMi, TH*I rJ7« 

Runner, lilt tvj*. I 4ay 

HO rttlH ADVANCE 

Marl* Firm EmplOYment 
o1 H^rttt HI41). 

Maintenance '/Aon 

 ill o« willing lo work. Experlmc ile/red bul nol «c»»Kjr- "—' 
FMtfMfllH BHct. L^, 
4U O*** SpTMrl ltd. 

 ickup & Delivery Driver vtilm Chevrolet o«edi X ptopri 
WVO con orouivJ Oolirjhlp, pick 
3Ad <f«ICverr. Mult tiovfr oood tin ng record. Good coy ooj benefi 
&ntctt Horvcy Hoby. 934-2JII or eg sw Mllilafy Or. 

SALCI TftAiNCf 

 r OHCaH M1H41 iMdA IU 

Utradlvi Meim»- Sat and Sun f 

PM Showlrkg Condomf n I i>m i. M 

 nltnlk: opporlurvlly» p a r l tfk. Muit be rrwrled. »l» 
*te. &SS^OID 
MOmWOHTMGR. upefltrrced prcftmd. Wirtt b* o_ i meti the po«1lc and how« AC 

INK 

T7I1 IHTEStTATE 11M 

VATO HEU> NECDEO 

For torpe compJex. if SHORT OEUVEfcY -^ 

5M»T TODAY 

3TVK.K 1.UCP1K. 

N*«4 (• w*rkf N« *E* ntCMHrr f« 
Nil C«U CcH W7-W11 j»fii UnlifHrttd >^c«frwa> urvtc* 

DlSTHtBTUIOH CENTER opening for obov« overoo* In: vlduol to do oentrol v«r«f»wJ< wot 

 cvilomer ord«r Cfoceiikig. Go 
JY ond beAtfrfi. Appllco'tlont tv;1 
•ok en or 17ooK. AJonw 

^cw drco wtwlndler nK(H onv 
Icvl. p*runobl«, outoolM p«ri or lrtt*r«1I^o p« a Mvrt. Airport 

EARN WHILE LPARNIKO 

-Ire •ovIlWTWnt mo^trrwince. E»e ml 6pfKSrlur,1lv lor r*llab.'e man fereited In Ml Hmt, pefmown* e pKijfmgTit. Apply 511: SoMoj Rd. 

Employment C«a»scl«r 

If VM *r* «W* U talk I* HV 
MY« *«tt»JNfl MnerKHily 4 >*• kbJHly—Ikn cMild b* far kiwi 
C*l iU4TM 
11M Auitia Hu 

WontW 

Will i>o^ **•*• iijhi:VirViry: c«n 
KfN !•** 111 2711 fill SW Ml III wy 

:JOBSI AGE V8 UPI liV«i, c«n. wfch, n«ttii, rOiKi, 
IHMcrl WM lr«hl WM i»wl 

CM IMtMT }W-U«1 M >U»m«lll 
«m»«<ym«l firrt(« (Ml *•« r*»f« t«ft nynfrMflirsH-riirsifi 

• •llall«r lh« felb-.li.ft poillloni 
LUMIfR A IUIIOWO MATCIIlAli 

OARDIN AND A Q T S a 

 ciAfis lAiis, ornci HILF AND 
CASH I INS, IULL AWOfA«r-T1MI 
• oooo tTAITlWO IA1AKY 
• COMPANY IIMMU 
• IXCIIIIN1 OPPOKTUrllir 

 fOlt ADVANCCMIHT 

 ifriKH-CKS MI« II W Hfiriia *'i 

 le«p 41o 4 V»fH« Juknn 

O.llotl Rd. ol M, MU,1«/y 

'CARRIERS 

* WANTED * 

ADULTS 

BOYS-OIRIS 

MOTOR 
ROUTE, 
IIKf. 

SCOOTER ROUTES OPEN 
FOR PAPER DELIVERY. 

4.oo A.M. TO tiOO A.M. 

.SAH ANTONIO HOMING 

IXrHSS 

CAU MANAGER 

684-2347 

'ROUTES OFIN USA*' 

IHUNDUeiRD HIUS ROUIUG 

RIOGf 

LACKLAND 

NORIHOFIOOP4IO 
OH FReoKICKSBURG 

VAIENCIA— El OOMOOAHD 
WSIRICrS Off PtRRIN MI1EL 

ROAD 

HOUVWOOD PARK 
SAN KDROHIUS 

UVE OAK 
RANDOLPH 

CAU MANAGER 

684-2347 

Aisosoure 
EAST FT. SAM 

APABTMCNI HOUSES 

ROU1ES OPEN 

BIANCO • BROADWAY . 

JACKSON KECIER 
CAU MANAGER 

225-7411, EXT. 264 

An Equal Oppoitun'.ty fmp'oyei 

 ol (»«« cUanKx crrf M cart o1 Inlanl ! *yl a wt; 
Ironiporlillixi. tii 
Responsible 

Man or Woman 

> 

4 

4 

Work From < 

 i 

You can earn extra < 

 money In your spare . time directing the at- A rivllies of the San Art-1 f onto Express now&- J 

EARN 
EXTRA 
MONEY 

Your Home 

. tonto Express m paper boyi (age 7 
J in your neighborh irhood. 

Th!i extra money can 

 i be yours by working 
A porl lime each morning. 
A 
We need counselors A 

 in the Valencia * El-" dorado - Lackland AFB A 

{ 

 fippoinlmenl plcoi* c 

684-2347 
4 

An Equal Opport'•—'••• 

Emp/oyer 

* 

 t 

Dealer Distributor 

OPPORTUNITY 
| Up to $2oo.oo 
*; per week 

$, Gross Earnings 

 ii .*Vc can place an ind>pendcnt. 
7T dealer in on eilobliihcd orpa 

 fot our linplc copy solei fTeprcicntQIive. Cash bond 
!.pAd good vchrclc needed. 

-Call 225-74H 

 ext. 278 

Ur.Slann 

Bihittn 7:3o CTiorji 

[i p 
.orrjw.f 
* 
* 
* 
# 

Arf^jc1op?«lL 

 iii**********. 

RELIEF NIGHT 

AUDITOR 

 t>i»iki[( ritiiinii 
Ikon II pnvl D^.. 
Wrrltiji FilllintV 
227-o217 

_ . 'IBS! £orn morxy for vour v cation nowl Work y<w own r> ' bwfiood v.irh Lui!er Coimclki. ra?7. 

 f I1ANO RAYCR * eded lo ocojmpony fcrrwlf voc 
. Must rtcxj rmjiK. Experience 
(u«". Profej3r&JX)l altltwJc a 

FULL OM PAKT TIME 
Tr«a4>i»»ni, MI-«13I 

 it f*LUMi¥lfS HELPER TRAlNk 

 iLlO will canikter cfoy of nlprit c 
«fl* jtutffnt for part time dUnclcrt ir. Apply A.AAUGER CO. till So 

Brick MQSOQ—Teucb tip 

333-2451 

DELIVERY DRIVER 

3Mlverv ol Ireiri pouirry la San Ai onto ilorcf. 
Co/tvnercfoi driver'! iKeme 
Dt bondage ood phyircol condlllon 

MEOICAt PLAN A PAID 
VACATION 

Apfr<f 1o Ed Lovfr> Uli NogtlllM 
MOTEL OKK ClEftX 

7AM-3PW, S dayi. Mon Ffl. 7A 
3PM, Parr time Sal. A Svn. 
P-5, Mon.*FrJ. Tew/vftouw Mo 
N.E. LQSP JIQ 

MotaL Manager 

 rwm m«t(l< 
Tl*n In 
Wrlfl 

FOIL TIME JOB 

. _ . AcUve Dt/tfridable pcrion, P t<r e*fxfl*rKe in Salts 4nd work wltti people. rrer«r blitnaurd. O nrceisory, Good poy, occtllcAi CM pony bctMllli. Apply tit S. Floret 

?»irf>g~People, neat appear in i - nine. I part Hme. tar waih a 
GaiollA*. Apply in pe/iiv, f ra 
IT_U AjjUlft M>»Y. 
Peri on voder 
4o wanleJ lor ~yof 

 wo«V 
(f>dOr rnovlng ot furflll 

 wltrt large cyvl. comffiv. No cklf or tfr InKcf 1. A ppl y_l_j 6_yofm erhe< 
CU1TDDIAHS WANTED lor ever i^Tfl, B«r>«f'Tl ovot>obltL Cell Me, 

- 

 for ioi« & Hie itock 
Mint tx bard wo/ker, 

 tnjl nol necciwy- Work c 

."woiV'Inrofiiee' 
.P9r' '*<!* .M^-T, 

Clerical wrMk. ^ oNIce tiou*?, parl Mm« 11] 

~ ' oblMly. 

 lary 
, -f-J 

Sun Anlnnio 
Unn]rr,i' iMnrl 

 ir» 
«r*n*ni 

(Mm C*n.-iiukilj 
Want Ads 

1o Ward! 1o Tim.i ta.oo 

Cnll 175.1666 

DJSPUY PERSON 

On port 1tn\e baill evtrv e>IK«r 
. 

Cirlr«m t e«rM SHrrlM o*«4i 

Ancily In person Ho/rh It^r M n Mr, A«Wrr«n or W. Barker 

Housekeeper 

Far Apt C 

I WIMtfHT «r*«, 

PermanrnT potnlort. Mm) hovt o 

To" "US 

»f Sijndoy, April 14, 1974 Wart Ad* 

WANTED 

5o 

•DEPENDABLE 

PEOPLE 

We rued 5o dependable pcofilo to work Irt ovt new ktto-jiiM oflkoj. 

 ve ft good pfemonl 

 voice and pleating per- sonally. 

Mvrtl 1-ke To iafc on phone. 

FREE PARKING 

BUS LINES 

SALARY— BONUS 

225-28)8 
OR 
225-2819 

An EqualOpporlunhy 

__ 
Employer 

CREW 

MANAGERS 

S275 WEEKLY 

Must hove good run- 

 ning cor or station v/agon. 

Must like working v/ilh 

 young people ages 12 to 
U. 

OPPORTUNITY- for 

 advaiiccmenf. 

PAID WEEKLY CONTEST 

Call Mr. J. Walker 

225-2818 or 225-2819 

111 | j UUUQ 

TRANSIT 

BUS 

OPERATORS 

Start at $3.33 hr. 

After training 

APPLY 
8oo 

W. MYRTLE 
227-537T 

•"•••rrrm 

SERVE SANDWICHES 

Abore overage wogei 

Appty tn ptrson 

 se« Don Hudifulh only 

Coney Island 
Sandwich Shop 
225 N. St. Mary's 

 l«rtel«per 
S aViyj,. (xrma n » »111 o n. Some MbytlrH'n. Minf nyo sood local r.tcrcnco 
GOOJ solcfv wilh rc'iej, holMayi oorj poid* vocation!. Bus OMtloMe, bvl prtTerl own IroniporhHIon. 6S5-56T5. 
,4 

CO'OK « HOUSEKEEPER 
FUKT 

Tuoi. call or write: 

Counter Help 
Sub Station 

Manager 
, 

Experienced, 5 day week, j 
Bcnefili • Vacation. 
I 

Poiilioni open in Noilh and I 
Noirhcatl 5.A. AppV 
| 

Pilgrim j 

Laundry & Cleaners I 

8311 McCuttough 
I 

NURSING CARE I 

UPJOHN TRADITION 

'" 

CHECKER CAB 
NEEDS DRIVERS 

MAU; OH I'EMAU? 
FULL OR rARTTIML 

Apply: 

1o1o 
W«U Laurtl 

RELIEF DESK 

CLERK 

Ramadalnn 

727-o217 

TRAVEL! 
FUN! 

 i To Itarel wilh [el ttl qreip. 

S.f. ll.il wi'l [.d. To |-c« !,a> 

 ilgN eaift'ngi; end btumf EMI of, 

. 
. 
. 
. 

 wetront cl nlmitw. faict 

= *f*r;«K«d nyfie aide 
Ime lob. Coll 73S-JM5 • v;onl Ilie uiewor, s a y v » l c fly Tody who can ptt around, will vofk Mon-Prl. Mr», A. Marelit loufe < Bex 1A,.GonjotM, Tex. 
- 

«IW1 tO~r*lIiMiI'tltf«7jylwr~~**. icenl [Bdy. DrLwe. IJI-MH. • 

Com panic. cofualfiicai 
.__,. _ 
._ 

'Dedicated ptrun WJIE cert for i Id cr ctfcriy. Full or part itm*. m 

Exp. 1KWIAE UAUIJOftY AERVICE*. 
Wain and Iron, Iran only. 
Huff! 

Piefc__VP_onxL_d_ellv8f, *M-ofol. 
" 

CHILD CARE N u f i e r y vIcTrvl/ 
CommerctoJ & Military, Ilcenied. ifv-- 

Irp foi 
A hat i 

* ROUGHNECKS 
* LABORERS 

For Hondo area 

Apply tnp«ri«n 

Mon over age 25 tor 
Ice *1a alt»ntJant. Day milt. Apply 315$ 
S.W. ft* M Hory Or. 
V/ont oYtver for florKI 
U-«p 

 north!Ide. Wuil be eyprtrlenced. 69- 
«7L 

 hetp wanttd for~6Trnir 

>tel. /Aujl be Wlt^gwjl. Afiply 11! 
Elmifo, no pnone edit. 

* 
WAREHOUSE 

«c-ail l-qjo- rhiKi reer/i 

1 o1 ^ar^rojic grd d'nei 

 ine wo/l. All 
. Ail Fo* Don or /AM Har. 

DON'S & BIN'S 

ooo3 W£5T AVE. ol V»op <1o 

25 Ambitious 

People Needed 
* $16o Per Week* 
Mult be able 1o Hart 
Immediately, <ompr*iy will 
"°in 
341-4635 

Man Needec 

To Wotfc cwi Spfinlfcr jyitcmi 

P J" pCi rCflCLt) v« 11 h p'oi Ifc pipe: 

 and watcilicodi 
Apply 3o1 Bressporf 

341-2512 

ON THE ROAD AOAINII 
•r«gf )•* — coll M conepev-« 

»f|>Crtl Jirry *r "itny" 
«S3-iTOO 
?15o AirttUi Ki 

R«UII-Wh»l«Ml« builrvc 

VrTig for omtrllloui CoyoVi wl rwpcmcoT palenllal. Will tia 
JlrrtJt opporlixitty wittxxjt ctiplt 

Ilk. 
SWCH1KO H*xc lime wilh f^ imt poiiibdmei. •coil fcr oppt. 41 
WO, 

Students or Military 

JKMont evmlng wotK 
In twwiln 

 nttr waiting on trade. Some perl work. Hcurx Spm-12 mlttilghr. tl. 
P«r hour orxl tlfij, Rcrefoncet qu.red. AppJy at once. 

1oWLERAMA, -17If BlMKS 

USKD CAR MARK HEADY 

CLEAN Ur. 

ALAfllO PAINT & BODY 

341-5611 

PAST TIME 
$3oo Mo 

FLOWER SHOP DELtVERY 

Mote or fHTiale, houn 1o to 3, Je ersoo cica. Ctxvod't Rowfr 
' 
__ 

T ' t WTATTiN DAM ii $1.73 tir. Ap 

_ 
. 
_ 
DRIVER 

 wor«r>wjtt wiritt 

 c«nt4 M«d«df Coif WMt\. 
UnllmJtrt placcmcfll Ufvk« 

1H3A BLANCO ROAO 

EXPERIENCED 

 or ounJt'n.a iwInvnKg poclt. Exd rn| opDorn,«J1lti /w rlphT 
CoJt COLLECT. Amtln, ITI.? 
Glrli, colKp* or o fhe rwUe, pa 
I me work. Up lo 1o h*s. week, o S] per ftcur. MoVe c*1ro tpeno*i cash. Can advance. Sharp, persai 
>>t, Ihlt it no) o igiet pojlll&n. 9 
"' 
" evej. 

 r . _ help needed far ch 

 core cenler. Mint be over 31. Hovi t;i3 on) to 13:3o 
" " 

 or Inlervlew, coll 
DRIVER, for port tTn>c "wo«k7 - eoe jtix5enl prcrerred. Commcrc 
Iktnie. Mo unokkig' fl3od poy. Ft 
_ . _ 
_ 

^rlcnted >«rv»iJ« 

Wtt. Muir bt «Ml, r 

 n. J1oI S. Hotfcfe 
" 

 who'eiafe (forltd beoutlfu 
^O^QI. App'-y TtQ V/. Josef 

TryCl<~ Drive r i aivi~Caf fie~*Hauh 

 i ready emplot'rrvenl ond olf( towVirj c^rxHiri: Guoronleed 

 rv- paid v o c a t i o n , hoso"ali,-. p'on. Hie Imurance, r>entlon ptc jood eoulpnienf. LI Interested ft acl Mr. Mwdcr or Mr. Hdge, II rcll CoMfe Co. Gonra'e» Tx. 6J3-1 

1'ABORPRS^- 

Come la^ll^il^Cdebra_oI JA\^ 
E kpc^efvced" V. rq u o"? "Ci7rV7~Se"l encet rrqvJred, tood Mlfl/y. ) 

UaMper 
Near_R. 

 r far i~*low 

_ I ^wjr (Haoretl^e wwllr\g coo 

4 mocft'ne ir) very r»oc<J co^d'f'> 
New m6<>;lv 
Cr« 11 n o eiia 

Oeop.CoJI W)-3iJJ or SiJI-o14o _ 

"MAKE A FAST OUCKI 

 tI>rrrMovh*ri. laboreril Call Jtrry 
"Tiny11 *S3 *7M 2IT« Airtlln Mwy. 

Jot i Un1lm)l«dj plflctrrun) itrvle 

DELIVERv"DRivERr AH <K«II i v f t r t « n c « l LeodlKl Hrrni C 

. Fulutlt 

Tlnr" «r JMry 

EXP. CUSTODIAN tdc oil Ice only, waxlog fki 
.iulred, wsrk evening. All o 
^orry bvn«flli. Se« Mr. JaAscm _. fir. 
Gorcta. 
ABC 
TriKX 
Rental' eos'rtg Co. 514 Mcrtrjq, 

 finds fkirrg? Butm Ri»[ccdt 
*I«d7.tic. oon't try |» do it 

 rt'Jfttlf. t havt 611 th« locli. Catt r* HANDYMAN. 6M-UJ7. m^rCRH^AL"ORKplaW 
NOTICE TO APT. 
OWNERS! 

If yow a'« looking for t^e prirr* I*' leajlna ond monogHnr;, fr)«JHf call' 

- 

[ "'"o'r'sy'r" 
J ^«]j;' 

24 lttii fkfbrg icrwn mowers with 7- 
H&rm BrJogs ond Strattoo ervg'nc. * 
Diw. (o special..buy., only tiw.fjT, 

BAR vrilri rxjlfmoon wood lop. stoois (4 rraten). J4j-879&^ 
SPRING CLEARANCE SALE b<« buUdlngs. 7*3, 7x1o, 6x12, deilvered. Icrmi, m-AlH. 

7711 Broadway 
824-o3o8 

 or femolc vocalist, key board 

 and irombor.e 
_ 

 i CUERK » ™ 

Heed fgH of port 1lme! Skirt 
Cot! Jove* 5&-CUJ. 2S« E. 3 
Crow. Job* Inc. Plotemenr S 

C A S H I E R ) 4751 Nwlhtlde firm I 
•ItfMllna werkt Grtot b«Mlltl! , 
(owl UV7U4 U« VHIi^t Dr . 
Republic Pirtaruvti ^trvlct 

MAINTENANCE 
Mony wM lebi Iw o^^ ptnonti 
Coll toOQY Jrrry «r "Tlnv'1 
U2-ATOQ 
- 
31X1 Au&Kn Hwy 
'-til Unlimited ptoEcmtnt ler^t 

..wife-Way Valve RK,lng machine/' 

1 Siovx Vcrtvo seal 1n»cft machine &'* scat grlndCT, dc. lA<Xntrkjl type.'t 
Btarlrvji, bollii lawnmowcr perl!.*» 
Hca/y shop toots. 1.772-3994, Row*- 
JcnrAnyi 
Michlncry Lytlc. 1 rnl^j 

 ioutholPcorsoo on FM 471, 
* 

POOL TABLE—M» 
OQL 
PfOfl 
Nallofwl. Pfofewkiwil ball returrt,*: 
I" slalo. Cues, rock, bolls, repair*' 
VlT. Orio'no' S13*5. 1 yeflr o^d. . t1 
LIKE NEW. 6«-H19 

INVESJTTGATORS 

WE HEED PART TIME PEOPLE 
(• >nsp«O rnxtK<, laUc t« Otfilt lUct morMYf P'ck trp ci'tdif c lM«ti3<jt.i, tktp U««, «ic. H txp«r|((tc« ntc*jwry. Ha Klll, plHtMl wirfc, good par. Yov can b* «ur flMM lor the crta wh«ft 
«J If*i. For ofrpilaaNea A (gll dc 
It^ii i**d your nomtr addrtit a p* 
»: T«AYCO, JO/II W( 

LAOfES FASHIONS 

PAflT TIME 

 tVithout cxp«<i«/>cc you oon 
COTJ 
Ill-ISO on cvtttlng. . Ecwri w«+tfy v«l>T «Ilinq bcouNFul fasnlons a n-tMrm ityfe show*. Up to IKC 

 pte worckob* io slort. for kitro gry Inltrvlcw opot.. 

CUSitODTAN 

 tkor fob hoi lo work cwcnlngs 

 d Salyrday— ooon Ml 

 ft 

 spm III! Tpm 
Spm. 
Perma 

 t 
DOiUiem wilh many company cllli. Storllfvg larar/ 11.7o per 

 lour. Apply in perwn, ?24 Nwlh roalMCy, Tnurtdoy, April II ot pm. 
ROGERS BROS. WHOLESALERS 

TRUCK DRIVER 

 lusf know city ond be occcpfo- 

We to bonding company. P«man«n! 
^mplovirenl. AppJy In person. 

IOUTHWESTERN DkUG CORP. , 

432 W. MAHKET 

V2 Singer Touch & Sew > tepo, "maVes dtco^aMve d e s i g n s,»* 
Slrclch smdi. txjttonholei, mono-t' a-onM, ovcrcaili. Wind Mail, wtndi;< rotturu outomatrcally , B o l o n e c ^ 
47.W or take up povrnentt of.U.W 1 
— for . free • home (rfof. Call *ji-' t 

Full or part tlrrwl Nile shift 

CaJI Joto SXKllSI, 2SCQ E. South 
'rw- Jobs inc. Plocctncnl^ Service 
~ 
~ 

 poll Jrolnlngi 

-7MO AMO VJIIQA« or. 

UP m can p 
„ ouTtld k) tkc tky] 
~ 

THE AIR?? iJnl ilgni and enj«y 
—fflu cwld be 
11 ar jury 

FULL TIME A PART TIME .. 

-.xi, weekdays cr weekends. Hlrln nowjar iummer work. 314-1 Bii 

EVENINGS 

TTM need! experienced phane i>cr- son la handle renewal* from our 

TIIce. Sa'ary ond txKiwi, all Ifodi uppltrd. Steady work i9pm Sal 

 ood evenings; ecu m &•&, ciff/ 

P™ _ 
_ 

Trainee Be^rmef Age ie or over 
ASSIST. MANAGER 

$17o 

Per wee*: oxwonrcwd; nYXifhlr1 njlory i737. Ho eicpeflertcc rxccjsarv. \MII ra^fl. Pieaiont werit, rov'.d p«wno- lont, pac roLjci. PtjJIIonj often fn idverlls/nrj, puWlcltv, sol« proma- 
'on sales. Musi be srxirji, ncol rc- 
:eiir HS orod. ond t*iTe lo convc^ic 
JitcniQw\lly. Mirtt be avalkWc lor nviiedrtjre em ptoymervl . 
¥wW Midi syiltxm inc. You sMH be 
' lor 7o 

 ton, Te«m office 

. a! our Hoys- 

 and return to 

EARL SCHIED is m>^ WfTnn" 
EHAL LftDORCRS. . Grr-<r<5f 
«M need r»o cxnt/ietKe. S do/ wccV 
Top rxiy, comfKinv beiwhli. Mole 
'rmcJc. Con 2«-jJ?fl 

Tofcfe, flkt fpcw i?S; V/lrvlci piono UCQ; O«tk dvalr with arms I 
MO; Cot rnlrtl-blkc^v-cdi work 11oo/4 
German coftcc totSe 1». W3-?J« 
^j 

• wHiri 

NORTHSIDE 

SEWING MACHINE CO. 
:< 

£?lW*ilAva. 
344-967] f? 

ZIG 
. 

KEW AND USED 

• WHITE 
• «ECCHI 

••Touch cix 
^oK-^M^Sup;; 

GROME'S 

^ 
Slr.ger 
REPO Tcuch ' i Sew, '* 

IOKCI bullonholci, ilrckh s l H c h •« r-crcall, nwnorjrcms, darns, tell- '* indlrvj bobWn «1C. 
BAL, UI.SO.'I 

»tck up paymcnti 14.15 WO. For'» rcc home Irfo! coll 4J^-i5S7- 
* 

Wriy hang 'ori'lb-jtios'f? - 
'*•" 

 vcluoble itemY-ar^6\ind your > home whicri'you no longer 
-^ 

 use? 
'< 

YOJ can exchange them for •* cash so easily. Jjjf dial 
*,' 

225-1666. We'll help you 
;* 

 word and place a low-cost 
* 

 ad telling ihe public what 
£ 

 you have for safe. 
•' 

Why don't you turn it loose * today? 
> 

AilC. Lounge 
MTJlprrvenl: 3 coin- ptxlrr.mt keg beer oox. Irceier fw 

UJS; chalrj, labiei, tfaiies.l rio 
21- 
, 

-WITor 511-3MQ . 

-Olid Chopping "Qkrt"* ?41'i7:4l7xl&'1r- 

M»d«l IJC MuirHsr^hTpdper^fBiieF • ' 

3 In. w'fjlli ajl, 1^« ki. icniih ut. 65351H. 
3 
^» 

LEASING 

 will lease you ooylhlno y«j jveed- 

OLE»N FOSTER, INC. 

_ 
__ 

RAKERY SHOWCASES. 16x11. ~foa 

 rroys. ETcef- ' 

S, 
_ 
( 

* 
GARAGES* • 
. .<o7»^ __ ^ 
• 

ACRES Trucfc, trallcrjj cq^'prncnl! ' 

 trade, llrvmce. O'al ioll ffce ' 

JOHNSTON _ Trucis._ 
- 
* 
~ 
" 
' 

 evel <jln«, alumi ef\l cOfld_i!]pn;_M9-»J srtTCL 
BUILDING 

Dometltc 

L1v«-ld BabytlHer lir 6 yr. 
Monday thrash 
Friday. atk few Ruts. 
C«mrKJn1an-Howi*kc*pfr ....... 
)Wer kxty Prcler live ki. niuit 

Gif HoTi^Ti n niaip" 1 i" "yr^o^tritiep 

__ 
, Up P«r v,Mk^ 

Need tM3brViirer'6 daw M 
Te*.a car* of 2 boy». 

Need"" 

- 
. 
_ 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 

Apl". tiouie FrlQrdnJre IceinoVer. Very '-f 

 oe cap*Kllv. 37" v.lde. <S" lon-j 

1 
- _ 
__ 
Wanfed rillobl* fo'oV lif t"a?e or "i yfar o*d tfrl. Lirpt hoviekeep'^o and cooking, fro^iil/ c-' J). Mu%l hove- «wn car-. S day 
*eefc. Coll 

. 
— 
. 
'ifay w(Tfx 7 year cild en child unable la 

_ 

Ntlrf womon 
- o^ dnyt v^en child unable la n 
. tchoal 6KOV1o oP fold, ii doy. 
Leon VoJ>&y or«o. 6W ,41?. 
" 

5 iki, 
. llrf. Sot. «. Sun. 

. . r l . 
Nit. IIHUIJU 

 i»l)U 

 kM» 

 ijV JsAbrT-Fri: fowji^wi* 'wionTi'liii f«*'»*>. 

- lifrn«d quo* ten. ifnflr.tn Jpeahino. 
RtrtrvfKtl recked. CaU 7J2-HJ4 cV 

 r-rlrlen electronic Co!ouiarQ'. 5-reo" 
KIP/1, 3 oiemoilci. 4 bonkl. pCffcd ' ccr.dithn. ;JU?3J a«r«r 5. wcth^TV / 

For o11 "new liiid* uud'^TkEtA" 
Enulpm**! and tupellri. It*— 

LCVINSOn RESTAURANT iL'Pp. C*. 

I San Perfrd 
733 B»l 

. . 

OOP tUM ^kWil M.9J: 'i1' i 
III) »; V/r CD U.«l lirtrn rtocr* ol dlicovnll uir>j wir«l3*» . j)«S2 lltt rxllr. tlob tfoorl II.SO Lrpl . 

. 
. 
. Apply 
MI, IU 

Mll«r. i'A lloyl.'15-,, . 
»tt« la tt»k aid r««di, ' 
EXIIIMl 
(Olory. MI-MU, Co" 

 i - K . - - - - - - 
' "OOOB 
LumDtr ytu 

M'npFF*TT 
"\\JrrCII 

, 

Co. 
.1 

 f«nth Poa« 
Wont A<fatxpm»-N«w», Simd<ry, April 14, 1974 

 to 

SALE ENDS APRIL 27TH 

OIL SHORTAGE? 

WE STILL HAVE LOTS OF OIL PAINT, 
BOTH INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR AND 
AT A SUBSTANTIAL DISCOUNT DURING 
THIS SALE. LATEX INTERIOR AND 
EXTERIOR PAINTS ALSO DISCOUNTED 
DURING THIS SALE. SEE THE 
SPECIAL VALUES LISTED BELOW, AND 
DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER FOR THE T.V. 

REG. $11" 
REG. 
$1o" 
REG. 
$12" 

YOUR CHOICE 

29 

GAL 

REG. $9.o3 

WHITES & COLORS 

SALE 
$6 

95 

ML 

REG. $1o.79 

WHITE & COLORS 

SALE 

MATCHING 
ENAMEL 

ALKYD 

OR 

LATEX 

95 

G*l. 

711 CULEBRA 
734-51o1 

LATEX OR 
OIL HOUSE 

$*9 

PAINT 
Oo 

ClOSE-OUT 

COLORS ONLY 

SALE 

COME IN AND 
REGISTER FOR 
G.E. TELEVISION 

NAME OF LUCKY WINNER 
WILL BE DRAWN ON APRIL 27TH 
AT 711 CULEBRA STORE. 
Come in and register any time during this sale. 
Presence not necessary to win. 

2GAL. 

1 GAt. 

PENETRATING 
CLOSE-OUTS 

WALLPAPER AND 

VINYL WALLCOVERING 

CLOSE-OUTS 

DISCOUNTS TO 
5o% OFF 

SOUTHERN LATEX CAULK 49' CART. 

1 1o1 FAIR 
532-3267 

SALE 
ENDS 

APRIL 27TH 

»1 

III] tt 4 C*«.. 
„., 

4il i»»fJtl KK i^f. 

« ft, r.'l i««iL|"!.™" 
IS A M [h. hH 
»7.?s 

 fc'-i H.«nl ^ttt 
>7.IJ rt. 

IShf€. NrUnt 
Sli.il... | 

J***i Itiir S»;tr^*r* 
4.21 Cil. 

Call us for 

 other specials 

C&S LUMBER 

2 LOCATIONS 
Cgmpl«li hgmt. i«mod«lin 

SOUIH5IDE 

4647 

WBTSIOE 

1734 

A.I limtei Co 

433-J335 
431.1631 

 r- ii 

•[ 314 NOLAN 
226-3141 

DITTMAR 
LUMBER 

 i 

NlWWARtHOUU 
DispLATiNana 

• ISriUTSLNTOWN 

2 rjijt IctlK id 11.51 . 
Mlcl vttr.% 

518.75,,. | 

| («h»() 
52.79 5ol. 

 n Dwri ...$l?.95 e 

MASTERCHARGE& 

 iooooeo eoq 

9. 
NOTICEII 

1 tAROrWOOOJRAMr 

o GYMHAUUM ALL Or Non» — KdLl 
, fi« Biraovad Wllhln «o DATS- 
I I ^HoCr.vn^p. j 
JOE RAMON A SONS 

I | 
225-1583 

&JPOOOOOOOOOo 

ILJMH8 t oi n. n »« 
. 
: b'gr qjcnlily. brin^ yavr kil c-xl !'. v: Liiag ysur ir^niy. We gv'WCoKe 1o :; 
S SJYf yoa irur.y. 
3H h ^ |: 

S OirTMAR lUMBf R JJwm 
:. 
^WSiSiiSftWfSWfSWw:-:-:** 

Cash 'n Carry Prices til PnlMltliEd pon«ang 
1U5 _ prtluilttw] moul<Ur>g. K% dltcovo 
IK I. 

11-7 
CITY LUMiER CO. 
Sh Mory'» 
72MU 

JHOL&UM SAL£ 
II.U 14 tl^3 tKOVV vlnvl oflnl i 

11 to i!.?9 >Q4t5. — InJold vinyl I ltu«l JJJ5 M.yA VoWl to 11 
F tt r ccicronqr rrauc*o: 

 rerwanti, • 
JIDOCMr room lol(^- iouh »SOe ro« — . In 

. 

OEHHAItDTS 
UII 

CASH & CARRY 

PJIE-FINISII PANELING 

4x8 SHEETS 

537" Vinyl Guard, ilrmjloltd woJnut 
;....t4.37 eg 
V*1' Ei'afe O*r.im&n 
..«.« ea 

'.'«" Burl^glon Oaki 
16*7 to 
'.<-So*lle Birch 
57.49 M 

</4" Sfrm^aled V/oVnul ......U.79 M 
'.V" cwrwotl aindi 
J7.29 oa 
'.'»" o«1c<i Coonj Regular Prk 
JIJ.12 5ALE PRICE 
KM to 

PLYWOOD 

'.;•• AD Fir shop ti.f 

'.'.•• A-3 Mohooony ll°.9 
V A-J Willnul lli.tteo 

AtL ABOVE PKICei 

CAIN * CAHHV 

SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 

BUD-MART 

6o1 Florida 
534-o751 

Discount 

 llutldinp 

Qti'.i h 

'"F" 

Slnre 

54.o7 

$19.59 

SSAVfSJ 

CASH A CARfty 
Op.n t-» M.K.-Sol. 

CumBtr Bargains 

JitTPIOHi. I41 
BVi . 

Ill » !-IO! i'Mii "•—.. »l< I''.' I 
I.i a 1-117 lijinj 
5I< I.I. . 

UiJt Alwilwn yr£l.*,i __i$9.^o ' 

BARNES iUMBiR co. 
Ho7 E. Duiango 533-511 

KfEP COOL 
|tJf | 

SP£CI/>ll ji 

MlKkkneu3' 
6'lc ll. :X 

•S 
O'ITTMAR IUHBIB'' ' S 
£ JU NOIAH 
JJi.JHl >:| 

W K E C K 1 N o «OVT IWg. 
" rti, ; Fl. corrutwrf Iron. 

OlSCOUNTEtTlJxIJ Mofom Storo« 
" 
Spartan 'Bldg. Products 

Wlmltwl • 17 

111 GUAOXLUPE — Af FOrll 

Reov«od *tille IT lo3tT»c board ff 
19oo board ft. 1x6*4 and 1x8x4 heart, W-S3U, 
C 

P«r1obl* 

ABC storage bid?. Like nevr 

ABU OF TJEXAS 

PorloHt BulM'ngt, DfMtlWil/ dixea. EvtrythtrtO Mint G4 pfelt Alirmlrwrn oM Cedar 
PartoWe BWm. Free Delivery, F r.onclan Avoilabl*. Hi S.V/, M.i;iar 
o^. Wfoii or Ponom o-xj f/io-filei 

Com 

Wuit M. AAfV 

STAHMANN 

Portable Buildings 

HONDO 
4U-HI 

 wood from* Port. 
BWo.. Mi 

 ckTi on-Sgl. OT6-<7» oilier f.X 

ON DISPLAY 17x11 y,rax. frtt 
Uv«r/, fermi, 95o7 Sal >COVTO, Mr 

JENSEN FURNITURE 

2o1 p:<asonFon Rd. 
9U-J1 

 tonde Oak. « pltcc dining room. 
19o. Pie wf», »ll 

Plaza Furniture Co. 

2U W. COMMERCE 

1 fffcm OtY HaH| 

_ 

 nUmpoTory" Sorts wllfi ««J to- 
. 19o. 2 Cck^Mol R*ckcn. S25 aa 
Good eoixyiloo. 6»i-3]*S oner 5. 

 m SsJEt, (In* DreiK hii tafcl* wltti leaves <x*d _ 

 chain, 
15oo. 
51 long buffet. »1» 

Ivlng room iulin t».9S up. CffW 
S.9S rSiK? *"•" s •*• dlnrtt« 

PAWCETT FURNITURE 

111 DOLOROIA 
HT*i: 

Man WWWMVM MM Ciafac uwd AppJlcncti. rvrnttgn im M. HH« 

 aroftd IHW cooKnercEal typ* uprlt,, 
|«. X ca. H. t»3. 1« ywr cem- xeojor gu»ran!K. 11 Only. Co: 

USED REFKJOEHATOXt 
CCMTKAL. IE«VIC« CO. 

7» W«1T AVE. 
71MU7 

Space For as little 

AS $3 

Open Easter Sunday 

COLONIES NORTH 

FLEA 

MARKET 

EVERY SUNDAY 

1O;oo AM TO 6:oo PM 

* BiGGEfiiiurifvf?; 

COIONJFS N'ORIH MAit 
JH /O AT \VUft78AC»RD. 

[TOWA1o fl PASO) 

Phone 733-o871 

 fORRBERVATIONS tsti rou.Aii swjOAr < 

STAN RUPERT 
) 

Ttrfri 

OLD SAN ANTONE 
WESTERN VIUAGE 

FLtA MARKET 
MOO Aikormantd. i.» 13 Cc-ir-i i-j'^^ l^Vc A,L-<. 
.;T»d t..i rainier, 

SKUti, $3 p«, «a.. 

Open Sol. A SL.O. 1o A.M. 'lii 

' 
. . 

I OOO'i of new ond uieJ ile 

AUCTION 
Sunday April 14,1 PM 

BOSS COUHTlif ANTIQUES 

Dripping Springs, Texas 

GREAT 

AUCTION 

UURKANl * imtOFEAN i 

 flNTIQUES 

WORLD 

Serendipity Den 

_ 

 m«r-icho<_m irrx*lr>a c'P*i 
Germrxiy. One *||ti tRi l»7 ccrxd on tt>« bowl. Oo* i 

 tong CTtrrytvood »(em having o iter rrtg 
- 
- 

••Hi co-«r cf»oravt<J wr* r o»x] 

*3t« 
... 
„ carved hww'i t«xj irxv* notlrJ m&wffi <x«J iMtti. I 
«-rtred »int urtrf COK, Of>« ovo harxi painltd on porcilo-'n t.ndv' 
'•".* h/aacn. from Orrtx>ny. Oflc » 

' ccrved Jopa^eie vos*. or* imcl 
^"*tio <• a r v e d l^ory ca-.*. TJx 

 otovt can be Inspected by opt> 
Ofify. 

•A- RUSSIAN 
SW** 
VAR 

«RA>o AHTIQUtSJIM Au.ll. I 
*"' ,".i?Vi>". * A«itaT«iiiq5S 

 fiJE |«ON 
. 
- lus II In T«*. rormrrly o horn*. Molofl euwj (,'ve Dov ool.l. Wo,» to ml. ujoi) 
" " 

IF You kav* Anliquci or Jewilry j la nil, toull gel tlie But Pfiit 

J 'Iron San Antenla'i [ineil SVop • " 

" CALL 
• 

REGENCY ANTIQUES 

 and ask for Mri. Brcnnti,*3 
.!I2-5«o- II no aniwrr, falL 
826^935. 

»u ron oiiu 

W, SILVER 
I 
I 
I 

HllpnlHy WfllO Or 3MVOr — •* 
Jewelry, St.rllng SlU.r. « 

_ wore, 
Anltqim, 
EU. • 

I 

I 
By The River 

• 225-6981 
225-1996 \ 

Idfol 35 

KOWA SIX - u m ?.», T» mm J.S, 
T.T.L ood W degree tindtra, hand grip, rooid focui lever, casts, fllCefj cul in c& new conation. SJJ5. CA< 
923 after i PW. 
Nlkfcortnot PTN Corpora, SOrrrt 

. Also Hilton ttQnvn F< . LM ai»i, elaclro flath, B«it of* 

.v?, Sok^vln A£rosonlc. SplrMt, wlln benctr, excellent Cond:t[on. 65S- 

7J5—Business Directory 

AddtHons 

Robert Gordon 
I-fill CKNTLMY 
Oil. PAINTINGS 

 by Lislcd Arlisls 

 al Ihc 

Turtle Creek 
Art Gallery 

965o Data Poinl Drive 
For Special Appoinlmcnl 

Call 69oo67^ tvM>gs and Sund 

Clocks. Frwxfi MartHclop wait stood, mncttntkk, ajl a-yifol Icm 
Dnm Ponug«» kmp. Ixtni OIK copper llom«. Anllo^ja car, carls ana 

-l EKKrniTOWM THRI 
, Hnr K, UMd Fuinlkv* 

Ol C- COMMRRCJE ^27-*M1 
BBSS' ANTIQUES 

Slacked txx>k<a*«, rovnd c^dw fco gWf. «1l 61 rtxilts. «l-iS42, WS 

 r' Tr»~^qw~An*JDi»~sihe¥i ^ 

Furniture • Jr#*-r/ 
-Clfls nw end and TT** K«w 

I?9 Son Peoro ot Magnolia Ave 

< B i • u »7T« I VleTirlflirrSoiciir^ chalrt. OLD TIMsjJt ANTIQUE}. 31 
W. HILOEIRAMD. 7M-«Ur 

Walrvul BeartKim jft; bcd'ond 
Icp dnntr vrMh rr.lrror 

^ BRASS BEDS* 

Antla/JO and f\ffvy. Al». Inrge »«l( t!oo ol Aml<j« Iron t*di. Ml? Dlo 
1o Rd. 7B«m. iihas Antiques;,,, H*M£ 
QUEt;N'S ANTIQUES 

 o«r» f t» 

AKEHOUIC 

IIIIC 

_ 
_ 
_ 

LACK'! DISCOUNT 
Ut4d Fur»i<w. o 

XI COLUgUM OK. 
TBXAT>IHE 
IIC1T OP DRAvTeli' 
ICBIOX. oniaiHAu BRAJI 

WALMUT «ABY DEO 

OLD OiNEDAL ITORt SAHIITER 

PALLA 

 b«v7lecl m^ 

C1.O C X it W«i(mlw)«r, Wn«, 
, vrovgM iron. p<x««k>?ii, w«. CHI kin*. Mam 4o. 
MERCHANDISE 

V«A| f 
(Hnri**! 
11 viol 
""I! h>,t«««H» 
Jl"!J 

- S.A.'s LARGEST 
I VOLUME DEALER 

IS BUYING tSUUNb 

IC.Ulu 
.. 

U.S. & l.rilf* C*IJ !»i» l*r f.l^o. lii. hirf.lM. cliuir MK'i*) 
IM<1. .114 ll» I'lr.r bin 
»<I «HMi .^ i.li l.:hcli.., — 
U.S. i r.nl$n 
U.S. 5HVI6 <:Cin - r.]k-.a 14oo 
..d^.WJIIIMI SHin Kullti 
• nylhlag Geld or Silver — 

 htsl fiha Paid) 

*»B<PAPI> HOHU-W. 
Ci'^rfHi, 4 iilTti nhf fioi 

(UilOH DiVinid CJd <ri« IL.I n. unit OiHcioss, 

SAVE TIME 

For Professional Servhe 

CAU US!!! 

Riverside Coin Co. 

431 E. Commerce 

Pocket Camera* rv«w. SltO. 

MuiUel 

Smith Music Co. 

Musical Instruments 
NAME 

BRANDS 

! ' 
I 

1 

I 

WHOLESALE 

TO THE PUBLIC 

SMITH 

MUSIC 

31o8 WEST 

AVE. BASSE RD. CO* 

String Sets 
4o% OFF 

LIMIT 2 WITH THIS AD 

EASY TERMS! 

FREE LAYAWAYI 

OWNER— 

HERON B. SMITH, B.M.E. 

344-O739 

SAVE 
UP TO 
5o% 

I 

NAVARRO 

PIANO" CO .1 

PIANOS & ORGANS 

 lliWK4W*IOItC«NS 

WITH AUIOM MIC HHTlHTM 
Spinels, Baby Grandi, 

Player Pianos 

SPINET SiriE PISNOS 

LIKE NEW $395 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. I 

734-6U3 
| 

G U l Y A f l , G'ibion Lead. HurrJ,., k\tnyi ond Gnover Machine ftcotfs, 
115o. 696-1715. 
F e n d e r "PA, 3 Schure rrufcej, stands, all braid new 
S9CO. 21 
Do.ileL Door* 

Instruments1^- 

$1oo,ooo 

Inventory Sale T 
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^ 
* NEW & USED* A 

BUY.StLUlBAOI-fltPAIR 
T 

 iOLMOS MUSIC COT t 
826-5o51 

HESS & SONS PIANO SERVICE . 
Plono lining ond coTip'tte rcpaUj; 
"G;arvdi a SptCroHy," 21 ywri cxp. 

LOWER Slwy & Ctotk KIMBLE 
OHOAKS and PIANOS Bell BUYS 
HOLLDWAY HOUSE OF MJSLC 
«vdwlaTd Lower Level 
71i-7 

318 MoCfetf.i 
413-9131 

S!MS BALDWIN 

HOBTH STAB MALL 

Sol64 * Rentals -ff .TradesL- Regi|ri PHONE VOUR WAH'T_ AD 

SPfNET PIANO, $495 

Wt buy-renMell-TuiiMiRd repair . 
American Piano Co. 

USEO » XtyBMrii LOWRY Eteclr'c o r a a •. Excellent condition, )4n. 
---- IK&Zl Alter 5:3o. 
___ 

Teen!* Genl* rtyijt sejl menls of 

___ 

 l* oroon 1 monlhs old, 

April 19, 'oKe over pov- 
.73 pay bounce. 3<1-*7U. 

PIAHO'eV ORGAN LESSONS 

SALES & RENTALS 

BEST PRICES 

Give us a call today, and start planning how you'll use that extra cash! call 
225-1666 

735—Business Directory 
735—Business Directory 
735—Business Directory 

DIRECTORY OF 

 ft ;:: V5 ^-fm AL1M2-2&ffi&$®,& ^ 

Ceramic Tile 

1ome Improvements 

* NO MONEY DOWN * 
Awl loot • KitcNfii • Reon o 
Otni • ftamt • ifftins 

M«4*mUc y«ur Mm« wiln 

 lew mcAiWr* pavmcnti. 
Ftr ire* tillmottt nil 

Days 7W-4211 — Nile* 713-7«1 

SAN ANrONlO BRICK 

AND LUMBER CO. 

Htw Wwk or Repairs. Very rcoiofl oMc. Jot, ?3S-123lT 
Clothesline Poles 

Dirt, Sand, Gravel 

Addltlora, £nci«um, & Brick Work 
CS 1^1. UHM. S 

REMODELING o«*i?i* 

FREE ESTIMATES 

C A S LUMBER 
177o Root«V«U 92X*S» 

1735 CaMrovU:* Rd. *J3-JZ35 

REMODEL «OW 

AND SAVE 

All workjn*orcfif«t<J- Free «il; 

CALL ?M-««7 

See Us First 

NO DOWN — tOW MONTHLY 

ADDITIONS — CENTRAL REPAIR 

LEESCH LUMBER CO. 

HEMQDELIHO & PAIFiYjNO . 
H.C. COMPTOII 

TOP SOIU SANO, GRAVEL 

LEE'S TRUCKING 

673-46M t opio 11/ Ssndy Loom, GravlVI 
^Reascncblt pnct, 6M-7IW. 

 tOP SOIL, SAND, GRAVLt. 

CRUSHED LIWlESTOKC 
Krfewold Grovel Co. 

 fop~son7"aTso~ip rc 

Air Conditioning 

JOHN A. ALDtRT 

HEPAfRS AND INSTA 
EIRVia; COHTHACTS • 

CA6-7IM 

ATIOK 

HOURS , 

Asphalt 

JOHNNY KAMI REt JR 
CONTRACTXDR 

 ivflwoyi or Pqrfc|ng loh 735-2395 
Tep Soil I OU COO 

 kind 
SAND. 
G R A V E L . 

C R U S H E D 
ROCK, 
ASPHALT 

IAUUHG AHVTHIKG. CHARLES. 

Auto Repair 

GENERAL MECHANICAL RfPAIft 

Valve Specks - 6 c/1. U5 Up. 
Ove/houl Special - 11 to Up. 

•*- KNQlKC OVERHAUL „ 
/I. tm U pdnl ir«cJ(H. i cyl. IZ« 
11-iUf Motor * Tronirniitron S«rvlco 

Corpet Cleaning 

SPECIAL! 

WalnTinontt wiij sliarnpca your carprtj for 6Vic So. Ft. All work Gixjrant<ftf. For £rt6 Eit, 
Co.I: oU-COJl or WJ-1o73. 
Ccrp*[s cltcnrd ond i Ns-tvpoocd— fr« cillnxitrt. 532.61o7. 

TPECULM nail. '" ' ivln 3-Dining room 

 eotarvotilfr ra!ci, i 

 txntery. Ille llorxi, Aco^lEc ceil- urtfiii, irolier leveling. CoJl Bruce; 

CARP E NT E RT^V I hi j-g~"fV&riV~R on f fftriFounfloliorvi. 
Ho lob 1<V 
Mil. Tree Ed. All work yjQion 

Carpenter? 

Concreto 

_ _ ti C R E T p CONTRACTOR. c*ntfld and bMitftd. Fogrtdalf 

 wncrele- ' R«« Ekilrrwfei' -° ^ko« 
CQJI^tomOrt; 4J1-7UO. 

1o,ooo CUBIC YARDS? 

* 
OF SELECT TOP SOIL 

SlatV f.lcd 2 mitcv MOM 
Ol loon Vallt.. Wonl I 

655-8o11 

MOVJKG /IrVD HAULING 
R«ctpfinpr« Ram. 
S 

:orr*ftie er PoHfol hauitbald ng. LowfCilrare! f.n Jownl i 

OL5-4ooo lowing 

Mowing - ueii, ocreoiM, 
WOf h^ Frft Eit. MM9SA. 
Mowl n j-Uol t ocr«<j gc-frtt" «l"jmo1 

 lop Sof] and Crgvel 
Vr. JAc I frn]_;__43 i-jy^a. 
__ 

 f" Lftom .'fop So(f. Difl onj e'. 17.SO load, yn-o476, 

A. BARRON 

AU types Dlrl. }otidr Gravel 
M liver yecr rcund, coll: 43J- 

 fOP~SOTU. SANoT^RAVCCT,. 

SAT.SU II WJ.1JSS 

Dressmaking 

TUTH'S DSV: 
Snop. »7]-<12). 

:encing 

Dr*ljmcli)ng A Xlieratfo^ 

CUIT'S FENCE CO. 

11' CUL.BBRA 
7H-J8H 
~" 

Fiberglass Repair 

Ihf Spot FltXfQ'on R e ^ g 

Gaels, ctxi. balMmM • anvHUnu of r 
- 
- 

Furnifuro Restoration 

F«rnllur« ren lrxollLVT, 

Coll 

:oundaliotu 
MR. etUE 
TAIU'J 

_Me u I «_L»V«llr.3 P ai nUng.Car P( nlry 
AABTIflUt n«OS. 
<J1oM 

HWI8 Levcllrxj, roundollcnl 

Rfrpoirs.^alnr, Carpcnlry 

~"AU»Md"TOUN5ATroHS 
Ill-lllt 

:/oors Finished 

FLOOR SAHDINO AtlO FINISHING 

FfM Elllmalti, CAJ-UM 

Acrifl flosr Flnlihert, »3i Sun Pirlra 
Gorago Cleaning 

* FREE OARAOE^TEAHINO t, 

Tor v&ur co-.KHf). 73t'6S^. 

House Leveling 

THE IRISHMAN i 

_ j"1 O^1"^1^- 39 Xf eyP- T^ 

L1TO Htnil.ril. (flcan oarotK, ruth. «!c. Folhir-ton: 5MMJO._ 

HotJtt LtviiTVfl and'r<Kin~ 

ZLMJ4! 

COOCTd* 

FREE EiNmaJti 

^OfKrtft wVrfT. Pol 

_ 
HAULINO. 
Vary 

< 

PHONE YOUR WANT 
Furniture Reitorotlon 

Coll BBQWH, 

 w»<t«or», Orlglnaj Ih 
" 

Johnny Ochon Construct. Home Improvements 
"Tbe Different Drummer 
[ASTER SPECIAL 

SlONIWtll IIABU OifS n«s H:U coumur 
• 

MOST UIUOU! JlfA MAIKir 

APRIL 13 & 14 

Dob & Frln ' 

HJLCTIQUES ^^ 

Rfnwrr>t of Tha Ook Door Ar> 
M»p. Ul pr'« WM, OAHCAIK1 

I COUNTRY WIMOlo'n CH«l«s" 

CALBMDAK CLOU 
^ 
_K1oALU» 

Regency Antiques 

3o14 Drrwttf**tv tM-TW 

SAVE 58o% 

• *«rf*«Om—-tiring Jt«Orn 

V/wrylng otXHil youi* homo fTiirtf needs ona wa-iH. Wiko Cfi 

 ft" j:VUa Child Caro 
Otfxr Inltr. 

 your rveeds at u p/!<o lo ll 

Yftur 
L*<Mjpflf, Coll M.ke't Centra 

R *rr.3rj«' ing (or ail your horn* Ini 
o « q r e w!«l.-5 yr*. Rrtt 

515 JAcCi/Hogh 

 provcntcnl 
, rrtt *illrTVilci. ill -i 17*. 7 A.M. |l 
KOBBIBS iRUMMAGE 

Op«n olr «« nwk«l, Evtry Svn 
*iy. U» Cykbrt). setkrs 

Qd*d"illom, c«i!hM, pane I M 
& flaolr ctdo 

>6 Hd 
Carpet Installation 
WONG'S ANTIQUES 

Orfwlol ofcloctl, oweral l.'rw of ftld objf Cft. Ew 
Tliyilltoi 
GUEffKA BROS. 
Closing for Sumfmer 

1M, 
M. SMITH ANTIQUES 

111 Army »!,<. 
GASLIGHT ANTIQUES u MICULLOUOM ai-aat 

Flrvdtng Nip fl Urrtft v,\\h an Ex 

Bi firit In fh* 
Olh*r llerm f«r MI* Nowl aouuv. itmai mna. 

I-1ip [i »fmpfi with on wi ad Ql flcjt Tn <hi nurn 

 id lo gil Ihi lx»t. 

Hauling 

WAIT 

Slroln cr lull! Lei AVfce twylrng lor you, Rcawtra i. Coil Mike: 3<1-6J7A. 

 aMsfcciian plus it wtipf yo-j oci fllh eni__Expre»-*lcwi c'ait-llcd od. 
EVERYDAY 
HAULUJG 
337-468o 

JUNK CARS 

WE Buy Wr«*.ed or' JCnH Cars~bnrt 
Irvcki. You Coll, we Hau'. 2:4-1175. 

Moving 

____ 
. _ 

 sTEvta:s MOWING 

BIB-CM; 
. r or Mr-oil loh. Call AUcr or Rcc Ci.Mn.a1cs. 

Roofing 

C & H ROOFING 

SPECIAU THIS MONTH ONLY, 
WlwJ RM|fc R(paired N*w MoF Rooll 
Remove i cgmp f«g|. Inslali 2« 
£calcooi shingles, S3o. pcf sq Inilall 
2<o rocl aver Brisling rocf, S7I pt>r s^jjiJOfanleed flrxl Bonded. 65S-1o39. 

M.O.YONS 
IJrj ana repair, pending, lave'- 

 ifl<Jrd CKMitlcni. Co:i cnytlfirc; 

'ointing 

_WHY PAINT! 
ALUMINUM SIDING 

SALE 

$299.oo 

INSTALLED 
. 

 l.OOO SQ. FT. 

Many Co far J 

653-3o88 . 

PALLETS 

MOFFETT_ 
Tilllrtlf 

PAINTING HfjidenlloT, m 

 e** ond conm.trclal 

.')TIKC, OH side, InjWe. A-l Job 

Rcoionoblc price. Cilcblishci iintc 
•t^F^ee E si i^na tet .937-^^.1. 

ATTfc-NriON! 

Gel Any 3 Rooms paiiilca for Crly 

$99.99 

SIlBJill/ h'yhcr for ml4ina cclo^i. 
:nil Al.Jcp s G e n e r a l IVcrrodeiliXi, 
Jtl-4174 7 A.M. til Mklfille, 
_ 
_ 
_ 

FOR~>a'nlFri:) of '|he highest ""quaU 

Prkai you con oflo^tJ, CALL 

-xlcrlor 
, 

JERRY ISpcc-dl Prlcci on f-xl 
. 

OHHMVS PAINTERS * 
. iniorlor & c< lector, spr ling in re-palnllng opli onu rcsl 
I o1 ._ _ Ff efi_Ci_l I m o fa t. Cnl 1 1 : »/-3< 
SOME Pc«pir*iflll toho~VrTde aclr wiorfc. Coil Dove • Po'i ilMLlO'.ill^JJ^^ 
___ 
__ 

QUAllTY Work ot r'e o t o no b 1 • 
•ktt. InUtlor and c*krlar palnl fl, fPfX):r (XHJ renirxfelina. Doiilc 
A. Cerna Jr. 73M«*. 
___ 
_ 

V PEREI AND SOUS PAINTING" 
\1.l_c*t..Jtcc psl._j|J3-o?4l. 
___ 

 aiming. Indrior, "Enlerior, mfng 

 oflj fiooHnr}, jpraj loxlure. Shed 
'o<.* rcr-alr. tM Ctli 

JOHN A. ALbliRf 
CAi^Tlil rLUMFllllO. 
WATER 
HEATERS 
»V*51lliH, mSHWASl^ljB HEPAIRS 

M»FlSil*LL CO. ,.~ 

S«fV.cei, plum'jlng, headng o-.d o'r to-.uillenlna. water heolo/ je sqlti. l» Clncln-nail. 7M-43IL 

 faint ing_& Papering 

" "' 

 i po'nllfta. (mperhontr'ng. Shiilrwk lrvdow pan rejMlrt. DudM] It/ml 

 w« nc6r wid pcoir, nfcJrJbrt 
4 

Ml Pair AV*. 

An^rA^PBRIUNOEj^ TIS-319) 

Remodeling 

PRASSEL LUMBER CO. 
3oo V/. d<n>». or IM irTMjir. 

 oc.xjinc c«M;np iproy* poll t' i n I r r fc r, emitter 

Sun Anlonio liciuliTH1 Mni-i ir.,,.n r. r,,,..i 
INxiCinnniWI 
Want Ads to W«rf« 1o Tim.i 
»J.OO 

Coll ]}}.|Ai6 

 riov; LOADirioif 

BELGIAN GARDEN 

Tup Soil 

Wood 

Vard Work" 

SAN ANTONIO AUCTION GALLERY 

27 BURWOOD LANE 
(oil 3ooo Elk, Blanco) 

FRIDAY,, APRIL 12, 7:3o PM 

UA.P.A"™LEN.T. FURNITURE SALE 

4> 

• 

RECREATIONAL 

PEKINGNEfiB PUPS AKC 

 m) S t r v l o Champ. 

- 

COME EARLYI SHORT SAUH 

27 BURWOOD IANE 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78216 
K(512)-342-4822 342-<J75S 

JOHN JONES, AUCTIONEER iVc MINIATURE »CM«AUn;ll 
UK Hnkt 
» * * 
««M1 

KC lomoftd rupt, *h«w quality mlten qugronlt*. warmed or*J voi 

Muikul 

DACBERT'SV 

4oTH 

ANNIVERSARY ' L1"" 

SU1ING NEW PIANOS AT 
$198. and $698. 

IAKOI AJlORfMINI 

TO StllCT r*OM 

 usiOFiAHo; 
'98.5o1 

I PIRFKT COKO. 
'495.| 

AS ADVERTISED ON IV 
Ihorr.Di Organi from $6^5. lowcry Organs al Vi piiee 
Uicd Organiat lew o1 S15S. 
25% Diuoanl on many ilerwi 

Spfiiof Mmic Caitirer '/i Priie. 

ACT NOW OH THIS Wt« A 

Beit Prices in Town 

 jor All lypei ol v>M uJtd (urnlKi.-* 
One piece to oxnp>lfl IKxxnetuKs tiquet, onytning ot vaiut 

«OB 7<f«XJ bowl no<ly confhKd to Lone Star Die 

Gosling Corp., Ccrput Chrlitl, TJ 

Us occupied. WtprU 3o, 1974. 
AM A* ROW FAEIOHT UN El 
SKI StgiMQ Rdf Son Anforjo, TX. 

DACBERT 

MUSIC PLAZA 
14oo 
NOGALITOS 

^23-6151 

•$!•»•• 

|-Trock Tope AM-FM rodro _... cord player, 2 speakers. (1oo . 
o614 
RE EL-To) t DtCk. Excellent a. _ lion and specs vrllh headphones and lopes. 344-1S4S. 
CUSTOM Component system. 
AR, 

SenV< Kcnwpod, Coed-non. 3C-M1. 

Spanish Style, ISO 
Stereo Console. 
W. Duron (jo, D 

ANIMAL DEFENSE 

-eoaas- German Shtptrcrd, Atohg 
KilrtKitlqn, Poodle, Labrador, Eng 
\O\ Setter, Dachshund, jrcny rnl»eti breccU ond cols. 1141o Hocogdoche 
Rd. *W-mi 

BIKE CAROAINS 

ALL SUES lir.'I - tlf.K 
T3M7U 

* TOY POMERANIANS * 

,.)lci o. &lud Service 
OX6-o3AS 

AKC Yarkvhlrc pifpplw. c *M. 11oo 

Apricot POODLES 

PPV [People P o w e r e d Vehkk), 
Movlno W<J4l SClll Best ofTcr CKtept< 
Cd. 73M63o 

ZENITH 19" PottflhlC TVI. UlCd, li qood candiilon, S3S. 5H N. Alarno 

COiOR TV Tradeins 

RCA PorloWe Id" JUS. 73" Console* trom $199, Good icletrkxi, RCA, Ze- nith, A dm! r of, Curlll-Maihlj, Sears. 
AIL guaranteed, cosy lermi. 

KUfcTSTV 

1»3 WEST AVE, 

XJMPLEfe.1oo Gal/on •Aqua lotae brooding n«r Oicon on 

 ther exotic ilifv. 
For the cxper 

 enced ttotfctwl ontyt Ideal lor Com merciol Cmhwis. B22-3QN, 624-3*5o 

 n«l To*U 

WANTED: 

\9Q* It. 5" IrrlgallQn pipe with rli era, a» II. 3'1 IfffMlfo-T pipe wJfft iprlnklgrt. coll &5S-3NI .utt._* PM. _ 
F USED John Deiri 4oo Loader Hew, 
1 Used Ccsc AS Loader Ho* wllli In gcrsol RflrxJ Rock nrv-oker. 2-Us«J 
JoJin Decrc 3*o Fwfc Lilts, 1 Uieu 
John Deere 31 Trencher. 2 Ulei 
Parsons 75 Trcrwrrer, * Inch 1o II iAch wkic, 3 II. to 7 tt. d«t>. 1-Et nrre-lroc scif propel'ed ox*-all lay down machine. \ Ford Loot Pu'.f type ovha'.t paver. 

COOPER EQUIPMENT CO. 

»73) Broodwoy j)H 

TANKS 

2 - 1oo4 OW, llirag* T«tti 
2 -4,MO acl, ihWd<d IniOu, 
I - ;w gal Tank, |U» 

J • WO gaL pr»n*ri tanks/ llOo 
71 Obi shop mod* r*Un*nr, Cheap 

QRAUBACH EQUIPMENT CO. 

HJ| W. POPLAR 
7M-US 

"tintveVtal Mtt«1 A Machkury Co. 

Hew & Used Machinery 

117o N. C«lo1 ado 
>&7-114* 

"CASE 5*o DACKHOD 

Wilh experienced cperaloo. by Ihe li&ur or lob. 4H-IJK. a". 5 p- 

FOH RENT 

IK Oackhoe loader, Troclor, 

Forklllts, Srnoll Crawler. Rental 

Purcha,er5Nc»«^v7cr,.. 

 nil CcsUOYiiie Rd. 

o*1. from H«v- W Wcit 

Con DC SecnW: «« JackiorvKcIl 
«r_,_MpjTpg_er* _p »I «• 
1 Kwfk-V/ay Valve Feeing mocMne, 
Slouj Valve seal ln«rt rrwctilne J seal grirwJer. etc. Ind-Jilrhl tyr* 
Ucorlngj, boll*, iawnmower parti 
Heavy shoo tool*. I—7H-J3W. Ro* 

»ovjlh ot Pcaricm or^ FM471. 
Long '-" CU. yd. 1oOd>f, OVV Oc hoe, Aim Ctifllmers 14' Fort'iil- 
OODOEH EQUIPMENT 

•711 4. I'reiB 
_ 
_ 

NEW~METAl. LATHES 1H STOCK 

)] ond 14 IrnJ 
IrnJt CLAUSINO 

 ond 11 Inch ATLAS 
Alio good USED pd*cr 1»olt 

THE MACHINERY EKCHANG 
3UL!S.U TH OLIVE ___ » 
ContlneoTol ond WlKOOiln engine 

 cr-d ports. Hydraulic cyMndtis on llinlVnintol trtalne J. EnylpoicM C« 

OUTH T-UORES 

AHETT HOUND for Wlff, Shot! eoutcf«o:._^$34-nig. 
1 mo. edd Rtfl. German vvn^tn 
>ood btocxJlkrti, pop*r*. dSVK^I 

WANT~AN AkcTtaiorOOOFT 

Sovi Antonio Ooo eretttCi Riferrc 

 ervlce will pul you rn tovcrt with n*orbv repyfable breeder. Also U ormailon on Siuj Scrvke c^d area txted dubs. Coll AiS-«J7 or 

AwrtUn ••!« 

AUCTfON 

Phydoaux's (Fido's); 

Pet Boutique 

7oS Porkrldqo Dr. 

[I U'lk. Kjull."of JlO~on 
Jone s-Mat! sbc-ipcr]. Groom- ing all biccds. Show rrimt c ~ ipt-cialry. 

3 4 1 - T 1 1 7 

William J. Albert 

* DOC 8oAKOED 

*JO pw rno. 7/2O5« LyM 

 broken and fre«. Call 4H-376 

- B1UE GRGAT DANES 

AKC Longhair Dachihurtd, 12 wk rtctt, wormed, mole, MS. 3334726. 

Miniature Sihnauier P u p &, hcrrv raised, let pioclr. M6-St77. 
Reg. Exotic Srtortviolr KMIcni d ole, jholi. h«jlHi Dcoroi.'ccd, E«l ng fn*w b ret d. 73i-^34j. 

Registered Irldi Setter Pvp 

ChomcHcn b^oodltix, wormed. 
673-J279,. 

AKC 
Germgn U»eph«rd Pwwi 

UPPItS, A week). Sin Lob. Com 

Golden ReJrlever. excellent r or slock dog. t!5. e\i5-5oo& 

* AFGHAN PUPS ir 

Dtatk rnoik, cphcol. 1 male, I fem 
' . 1125. 415-7H7. 

TOY POODLE. AKC rejf, silver ma 
' 
- 

Mud Scrvlci by Reg. SfdpeUt Sla 

_ 
_ 
_ 

AKC BASKET PUFflES it 

C h o m p I o n Oloodllnes. Also AK 
Champion Slud 5<rvl«, 6SI-333o ej>- Wi3 otter 4. 

A IS^EDALE PU P>TES 

AKC Reg., S v.kt. old, Pot Robci sen, ' QiKhoTran Darn, 
Tx. 313-7? 

15S7. 
AKC Wat* Toy F o o is I e pup. months old- 45S-t)PO. 
AKC Shell I e Poft: Beautjful. soJj" ond -' ""__I^1 
F^fcE pUPI'ltS, 2 rtwj. otct, meti 

 ingTfih 
Sprfnytr 
SponJ ef 

LADRAPOK 
RCTRIBVtRS 

Pirpi, AKC. 1115. Call 8283!«._ 

GREAT DANE PUPS rtagies— 4 
__ 

CHAMpTOH Srflrutard SmooUi DACt 
SHUHD AT ST^L?-^*^*^ 
FREO to gcod hoo».~2 fAo' 
O to gcod 
; Mucd, Ood 

Pirtitt (er Eailor. I 

Wrl-holr with too-. 

•cciCHJl, Playl 
. £mall. Ohx i nxKklng 11 

PEKIHOE3E Mal» end finale, 5' 

:r US, Call 433-79U 

Siberian Husky AKC R*(j. leaiah-, inoj. «id (or lovkxj borne. Dest c ler._AHgr 6. 
AKC Mln. ScJmovien VO W. Conic 
175-U5. Oil-Poos and 
PeXea poo 

17o. up. Poo^ei. Spin Puppy 

Slixl S« vke. W4-2lif. tf t-77ff 
__ 

Give Dad emd Ihe kldi lrt« per fee 
Easier CHI. AKC reg, HlacV Lnbr dor P u p p i e s . Fkst Um« ort»fn. 
Otoosc yoors now. Termi. Donk-A merJcarci, vnl Master Charge. C 
7J3-1UI _pr_c vjfJr>g^J^3j1j1 . __ 
GREAT DANES, Fcurni cndBrlrttfri 
Mct« JL frfmilc. TERMS. HI-IM 
Lhosa Apso PuppiCi, 1o vrcchs, F rr»o!e^, OM u MM C '.tAoring.^ 653j 

~ 
SRof I • ho'if Polnl 
A er wetk 

4 yrs. oW 

A~KC Rrg. German 

. _ 

*o!« R«a> Fcmol* German hair Ptlnttr, 12 moi. old 1) 
1 otfir. Coil 4)t-lt» olltr l:X 

KC BwlM .TtrrlK AT 1TUO C«i 

 rtfri 
Don« "pupl, 6 wiiki oVtT 

 hxki, {AKC), \ mcrtc. J?i lo Utt 

... 175. D«vlr>« 1^AJ-U74 wtt* i ond oiler 5 PM. 

AkC COLLIE 

 to»ino out ww» FW T matron* ond a stud. Stll I or oi: 
«t ol;jer.JJT-JT&I 

SERVICE. Whllt AKC Pfr 
, 6*»1S« ofttr i. 

AKC Airedale PUDI, 
Wtatllnn. «!-i!.VI or 

WiifrwrcrrMr H«lh«y*r, MeA«. 

Me. l'T»MU>, oiler _ 

AKC PooAlll. Clock. 

AKC MALE LABRADOR REfTRiEV 
ER 

UPPY. 3 Mo/Old, great WHn rer>. rfouictiroXcn. H25. 118- 

 men IK «ld lantlt H«und, mgl t-CCHocOd. »53-52^5. 

_. 
_ ortnolr P o i n t e r Pup 

>KC Reg. Kantat Bloodlines, ll 

ST. 

PoppJct—Sftrt Scrvfce «>5773' 

WELSH 
CORGI PU^Py-ferrwii 

ItaullTut AKC sixrw prospect and- 

 pet, tils. W6-27M. 

. 

 dmred price. 731-111o. 
1MARANER PUPS ir* a I r ad. Elmcndorf 1 

•ERRlOtt FANCIERS d In looming o Brt«d CJu 

 loll by noon April IS for )ncV 

 ffsOff " "** nq' 
4S3-7UO 

- 

Hum. 
Mailer Kenrult, 

...Wood 
PftMles. 
1 
Apr 1 eol, 

Blogk. tM. 5M-79o9 oiler 4. 
AKC Chompl«n Slrifl Alpha* Heun 
31-JtML 
•__ 

AKC 
RCO. ""IBISH~"SETT"ER~PU" 

S. Chnrnplonihlp b'oadllnc IK 

F.A. cert Slud Scrv. Also pu 

 ffWIVZ 
S'ntflih" Gulldftg Pupp'ei. AKC "RC~ 
Call after «i weekdays. 732-5757. 

P.vllry- e 

EASTER 8WJH1BS — NEW IE 
LAND WHITES, coff 

SUPPLY STO 

Root CO. 537 S. Ftorci St. 
Hlvei and accemrtcs In tlock. 

1o 4:» PM Mon. Thru FrJ. FT tDtop. U3-794I. Mailer Charm 

Dank 
Arrxrltord occepkd. Amp 

Cosier Uunn1«j, ChlcXSv 
We Duy RoWlta. 7o5-t'" 
~~ 
^ — 

~loair 

^EASTER BUNNIES 

7JMM7 
EeH«r BurtrMM. breeding bucks n 
" " ^ q{XXi 'To^fc- _*24;™? 
;ule Easter lor J5. 1H 5 

$3 coctt of 

S I a r Sort, $35 a Mve. 633-o5J 

Oiler 5:.'C, otl doy jvecfccndi. 

Easier x' 
_ _ 

Dixwilos- wrrilci also re 
. 1SU W. Mor»pcM 734-o3M. 

FOR SALE 

SFrorlFioin Bu'Js & Hcifcis 

POLLED 

SriarlEioin Bulls S HcUcts 

14 n>ai.—2 yccn clj 

Call or Write 

Jan^cs B. Park 
P.O. Box o45 

Sugarland, TOKOS 77478 

713-494-3492 

R«ff. Oracb Anmjt BvHi 

_<4'-^*f 

Appalooia ond Quarter Moret vr loud <alorcd colU ty tide. KI 
P l a u d i t , Prlr-ce Plaudit. Wop)I 
W i l d Slar 
DyOodllrK 

Ail-131o. 

CANDELiyEK 

)S CHARLOIS BULti 

^ 

 iiri dinti* tioTiteiA Haifcr. « 

Real SnoJi Toy 

S1i>d Sci-v. K2W9 

Rog. Chihuahuas 

ALMATIANS AKC REf!. 

Old 
_AKC C«i. BlBodllnti_II( 

"BORDEft COL LIB 

WE DUY Anllqu«t OVJ 

OD4T f'RICCS I'AIB 

 tic. 

I Wilt BUY 

ANYTHING THAT 

Llster'i Auction Gallery 
533-o574 or 922-89] 1 

^ llnllri InirMiUI or I rJ'ct 
— "wav*6V"f6n"«. 
Any omiMjnl, ony^rw,, <MTMI|I fKwn, 
«ir r<hl* UHd f 
TV'3, 

2o kleod Mixed >lellen, rea 

M6RVl~~PA5TO«irr NorllT't porl. Clot* In, tlj. Stalls As cmd Irotn'nQ. flSj-lpCT, 

 for barreli, polei, h-ahrr, tie,'Coo 
' k i n g htwie. your gin <*MI to 
L**!! ISOO^^ 1i77 Mary ScolJ 

STUO 
S-~E~R V I C~E, 
Dtir"~h^>p 

AOHA, grovxtton of thfee-Hart a 
Crruttbv. At*o for *oJe grren ' rrKKt. 1-OI-^W KewJlrquntert. 
POR 
6ALe:~"SP7llNGr FiJldr^on pnOmc ire«i- AM pop,Jen i!ro<*rli o _ v n r l o l y . Rnl t»ft *,OKV-1IS pn . rwr Hc&ail HOiO prr Civi. Sortfv 

Suda^ g i ii / r- r, Mfl y) pf i 

CWT. 
So raff urn, Afvm, J17.5o CWT, 

Atio chenilcoU nn-j n.i>lied nmwnl ol ferNllier. fteynoWi r*ed £ Seed, 

Ryftffe, T*. iXLlvcry Qvollo 

 rrornUSiU 49o.179o 
(DOWNTOWN) U2Mo. Son U*,C 
UrlmSmVyarih. iii-3o)?. 

ALC STOCK * HOUSE THAILCR 
TftAILXHV AND OOOJtHiCKJ 

»4 Ci.lt. 
1.1. 
Uln» 
«4-Hi 

• UKK ANOIH HBIftB 

WL1_ II o* MO«S I 

CAN DELlVtB CHH4 

For Sol* M Trod«: For *lori« Tfoll r, I more, j coin. 1TO-OT6. 

TRiA'Kffi'S, TOrXllCRS 

Wa HAVE HOT ow« '-'P In price joofi «tock of • U' ond U' 5le*lt< lock traKtri. AJw I incd 2 >>x rolltr o1 I], ij)i. 

"ALWAYS THE *EIT I*RICES" 

TH£ SADDLE SHOP m S.W.W.Whtt« Kd. 
)JJ77« 

OPEM HOSSE SHOW 
Dy ^^l>cArl^wr Hlofi sown ot L< ure Area. April », 11 A7A. po. 

 momlnot «»•>?». Evn. e» 

Mocdcmo Auction Sale 
:v«ry So)., « noon. All kltH OH 
«. Sheep, ooall od horiti. 1} rn w 6oft. Farm Rd. 2173 Macdou 

HORSE 

STE£L BUILDINGS 

 r farrm anci Ronches; Dorm fi 
— 
Ho-/ and equipment. 

PORTIA-STALL 
Only Auitwrtied Dtrtjr 

 tn Tfri» ATM. 

THE SADDLE SHOP 

JSSJ.W.W.Whltt Rd. 
M 

Flrtc 

7 SANT*. OERTXUDI* HEIF£R$ 

AMD AULL 

CAt) DELIVER 
Halves 

 oastal Bermuda « 
K 

 ond pfont. Cooilcroii 

 r Oros. 742-3oo3, Patttt, n»_cn'*'t coll l-Hff-H«. 
Codstof "Be/rnvdo Sprifli, dug o1 wifrcf fresh dolly. Delivery on 5 
'---'—'- ^ mofe. Dlicognl on \A 

- or more l-«L5-3il9 «• 1-91 

So!*: Top Olvl FUly, btoutltul 

 year sorrel wllh Wait, foe?, e ccircnl conllrmolion, wet) broke on started in race training. Priced ell 
Cfwlfjt. ilXOO FIRM. 7JI -Ji 

 rvekdayi or 696*3415 r.U«s owl ww ndi. 

TCd VrtlOOn svllll til <KC«tOft twrrtM% m 1op corvdlllan. «7 
?'*'-!*??* ry7'2?*- 

At sled •~"kTng~Wo"ntoydh~SeoT"P teopord Appalooia JIM r« more core. OH) Co^ini 1-M> 

RURAL FENCE BUILDLHO 
R.A. 
Btrvtc*, UdtiMd HeiWi 

Free Ear-malcs. 
464 ff 

CALVES. 7*14 Dart afdrCvoroni 
Healthy—Free 
Dellvcrv on 
1o 

 rnsre., jM.u.Mm 
2 BrVM With" 2 J oVntfrrt" Voch~ J6o~ 
«jcrt pair. 3 Ewti, t Jcvrtti cocfr eocli. I Ewe »3o. 1 Larg- Moh 

14o. 
1 Bloc* face Dttk ia>. Th oTs. qre led A fot 

Coojl Cro» r, root], and top. buihvl Purchtue. 11,oo per but oiler 5: 333-ttM 

Sefllo Omrvdlt auU 

TAKE ALL H-TIS 

CAH PEL I VCR 

C. W. 
RtO, lltr«t«rd 

RURAL FCHC1NO. ir*t Coilrivltrf. T_K._5_1«;3 

U and 
, 
BuEl. 

 months old. LOOQ ond good txrtf 
U75. 

Calves 
922-844 

FOR SALE: REG. C K A R O L A 
DULL?, LLAMA, CAMEt, SICIL(- 
DONKEY, & DISOH. C o n t o c l F 
C I o r k 's Zoo Form, P.O.Box 7 

 tkcMIlt, T<x. 7&*J3, Teltf^c 

BRED HEIFERS: Mauix 

 ot tho*co Wocx CoWIe, Dradfer 

^gin, Char Ota 11 Cran, Hcicfo y colve-S. ' , 

35o COWS: Angui, Hereford, BiQ man cross, 4-7 ywn, rVjony 
D3lvc3. Conllnuoyt breeding to H*{ cKic«n. Quy ooe of oil. Transporto 
I ton arrcrvacd. Easy fo i«. 
Circle K Ranch 
Karfman. T«x 

Days 2H-93J-3*M 
ONI Ha 

Nllci 214 733-31M 
Jo 

FARMER'S 

 n~ gooserw* genc-ral twrpoic sic 
Irolicr, Wo reoiorablc offer rckiii 
LE4-433o. 

 ofd Pcwt 

 loa Dalti JotirM 
G r a v e l y Troxlor-Mower S 

NOUS BULLS nt fU-ISH. 

CTTof'oTa") i BuMs ond~Gcefmoii 
, 

 llghl t 
6»-3iit) i.?r. 

NEW STAoLES 
. Ir>cnvldvo1 f< lock rooms. tW per inon 

 s gt^JfqMs. c\SS--gT4. 

Va. Thoroughbred AVDre, Da 

3s , 4 vr». oW, ttvnt w- 1 k Valley Stoblei, 334. H 

7 year old peMina, hone, »5o. 3J3-7H7. 

 eicellent 

GRASS SEED 

IS Po'r Hereford 
_ _ 

Alto 2 Reo. ? yr. Hereford Ovlii. 

. ..olooK) fiones Dlam&fhl || rto; 
1 M3-59M. 

•k STEEL BUH.OJNG * 

 able 1> shop weM'ira-Trallrr n^ 
FtietuNng & repairs jJ/^jL Ml-: 

RSEBACfK ~pfl O*1 «"6~ Wi" 

ACRES. i»-K«l. 

Glvo uc aciil today, find stnrl planning how 
Vou?l viso tlwTpxlrn cnshl call 
225^1666 

J 

 u/*»"»J- Stnicn 
•445-57*o, David 

Livestock Insurance 

 con Jmurs an el vov tiw*yi, cat' lie, hoos, shetp, aoali, wtd dogs. 
Coll m< obowl i p « c t o r iQrii on group htrd 'tniuroncc nnu % p • c I a 1 rws* <ov«raooi. P.L.Movr'ic, o1? 

IIORJIMTCXX-aoourHCl Trolllll 

PHONE 

 ll's to easy lo pinto your od In o 
Classified coluniiis . . . [uil on quick wll la m-Wt. : . . wi will bo ansneied by on« of 

 ipliono A^-Vlsois. You'll g 

Illindly oulilaiHO In molding yo oil for maslmum niponti. Wliy n inoko Iliol (all lotloy? 

«cononlltal 2 line oil Is only IS. for 1o duys In Ilio Expnis a 
Ko«>. 

17-11. F 
COACHMIN TRAVEL THAIIER. 
Sleflpi 8. Kefntjoialor, ilora wild IKKK], 

. balli, Ov/n vrolor lyiFem — Ihc workli 

Rva( inoppy lillFc duifcr for a b'-o, hoppy 
' t 

DRIVE 

Expfti»N«wt, Sxmjoy, April 14, 1974 Wmt» Ad» 
Ehvenlh 

AUTOMOTIVE 

Motor- Of«4H 3 Pt. 
- (inj. «l». «!• 

STAHMANN 

POWABUE BUiLDtNGS 

EAR5ALU 
ER5ALL 
OHOO 

 in-tu 
3)!- 
?«.jw-n sunn 

SOrcraft Trailer Sales 

MYERS TRAILEH SALES 

SEOUIM, TEX 11) 1IMIIJ 

 tonci rm 4 SUMI> m-m 

We SEHT TRAVEL TRAILERS 

HAHCER MOTOR CO. 

J<OI S.W. MILITAgYji<-5il4 

'47 SCOTTI'E i, -„.. 
5!,i'!n% 
Tv 
(;?1 l, 
Lc 
6,''B^ s 

* U« »' 
(I) ?«-2A, open ^>ifpAY M yj/v. 

» DodTfl Pk*ijf^S, 

 uilding far sh«tff, txirni, 
3Ci. Econamlcol 
•uciion. s 

 en,rd m Tractor, exctUtM condl. irwsiliid wmi 6 cvllndcr 
»**r end duel range fwiiml 
1oo. Dim type dlK-twrro». 
?i*r equ'pminl. Marion, 

. 

 ond 

It JOK* DMr* tfntl. MoiMy Fe 
U5oo i;M_<J««.l'_CWC_«!o dV«l. 

Custom Built Trailers 

OOOKTO*, SKXK orx] Hws« 

Parts and repairs ol all make? 

TASCQSA TRAILER co. «wy. 

^»h«i DfSii^osc 13o) is dixil hydraulic outlet, wl 
^rn, 513-143 7317, afl,_7_PM 

'inter. 
*a!*f 
Iron 
. 

 from wcrter. Good 

 to operate. 63M763. 

Bortom O l i v e r Serrtvnoonlcd 

 sr*. llew WolkKtd Hoy natef, Voi- 

 lor >|OY Bole Leader, Bullion Gras 
._ 
. 

Form Tractor, good rubber, i hooV-up, 
PTO-Pulfey, 
U3-IW. «<• 

 enra Poiti deni« A/koriai Pine, norty ^1ipj. vox^n« jljKowt. 3" " " 

TRAdTDR PULL iffd or CurJw*? Co)[ 

647*1o76 B<lween t 

IP HARD TO FINo— SHOP 
KALLISON'S 

Ccrttle ruitllng worse ihon ever — 

'" Vic or 5taln1t« steal brorvftng 
;; cvf lagi orrd lafoo tel», nw 

UU.M arw rxrmtrtn. cow belts. Slij 
'TO Iroclw or cattle sproycr $P4.SO 
-aide ond hag scalei. McCullouort 

 i«5 *NogaUtos ttt-Mi: 

'wo IM Fflrd Trocroft, ] 9H For. 
"roclor, v*Mli equlpmcfU. All In oootf ond'Hon. Formalf M gaod, JO 7 wide front c«d B<x>d. AC Dteid front *nd good.U«d Equ(p. Co. 
I ANYTIME 

 oeniral Wilding cod Rcpolr. Mod ctn shop, portooh* equipment. Expc- r^nced weWeri, MolJ'i WeWina. — 
Rd. Ull. Lylle Texoi 772-OW1 
G i??WHY?? 

 r^» 
:»-»^ mi 

OURIS1QUARMR SMtS 
W1HUP5oV, OVIR 1113 

 ll il di.-p fo our Olfcii.-xi More 
Tioi.'or Valw pv, Dolor? Om 
Reputation lor Good Ser 

SIZES II' 1o 77' 

&TAWMNM TRAILER SALES 

TEXAS 

MOTOR HOMES 

2529 Auslin H»r 

.., tAmy e«tro». Will laXe r, ]rod«. etc. 

5151 W. Wlldflower, 43M1 

OR RENT: v/irjieboso,, Z21, alee 

-SQj^.. __ 

ExTcWv». Reni the t>*st. Go 

 or 1XK» 
. 
. 67o-1734. 
' 
T15UR-E YOUR MOTOR HOME 
/ITH US f=OR LESS1 Call TODAY qyKe-VJlloreal._Bray Aperrgy^ " 
~~ 

 n QQ&&S AvttK, « it., jiwr roi. 6,ooo mllci, IIV,e new, eoae, lake talc fnodel CQ< 
3U-ZNO 

. good m r m irofl. 

 im LAKDAU. Fully Uixlld. . 
POO d»wn 

FOR'SALE 

197J PACER 18 Fl. Trove! T. rully tdF conroincd wl!h air cood kinmo hjrvden v%4iKl, ekcl. Brofce 
Jied 3 ttcnei, Drond rtew and roa 

 mi 
Vatkiwe&tR 
Cam»m«biit. t 

*opyp fop. AM-FM radio, oEr tond 

44,ooo miles. 
USCO. Aficr 

KRUY.UURUS. 

IWI1IGH1 BU.'JGdOW 

C WOBIl! VIllA 1RAIURS? 

COM! DECIDUOR TOUISIII — 

Open Wcckrlavi 'III 7:3o, 
Sun. 
1:3o-6 P.M. 

HARPER MOTOR CO. 

CAMPER SPECIAL! u c K C i i h i *.iMr«iuiinut*n 

UT[r. iff u nt ?tt ttmi 

 irORTiMirTS OUICHTI 

THE GIIL COMPANIES 

RANDOL MARINE 

I2oMV. HIIDEBRAND 

C.I. KUCKIRKA 577 34)1 D*|> 

NIKE MOORL ISJ HS6 t-o. wee 

H T«n CrlEV. pickup Compc 

Hew, 
17416, Now U4oo. itccpi 4, h 

 very,Ming Inctudfng 2 way air 
' 

STAHMANK TRAILER SALES 

IH-1o, 3 Mi. Norm cl Qaerne 

I 2 Box 137 
<11 349-2 

°p E!L1'* **•**•_5UN R*^ 
~STILu'LINE-UkE" NEW 
I It. Cob-over-Com per. Sleeps 4. 
-Iwlei comnwtfc. Also Jochi 
:a»y femov^i Irom plck-tx). 

 u » E 6~cXMre JTiheH 
'or i/»rt wtde btd V5o. 

WMTH'S USEO CAHS 

7oS SO. ALAMO 

-*7 5HASTA 21' 

Sell contained wllh olr 

STAIWAKN TKArfU-K 5ALES 

1H1o-] Ml. Well of Bocrr* 

Rl 7 Dox 171 
(I) 249-31 
OPEN SUNDAY _T6 P^rSV^ 

FLAT 1*o TRJUltB 

Con tie Seen At: 
2iOO Jac5ie;vK« 

 er, MonoQirA OH Ice. 
^_ 

'4> SHASTA »' 

STAt.MAN^J TRAILER 5*16$ 

LM 1&-J Ml. Weil at Oocrne 

Rt t Dox in l\) 7i».» 

J5P_F^ SUN PAY \+ P.M. 

"OUY bTRECT'From Manurociur 

LARGE SELnCTIOK-PICKUP 

STILUS A\FG, CO, 

Sell contained with air 

STAHMANH TRAILER SALES 

IH 1o, 1 Ml. Weil of Hoerrve 

Rl 2 Dot lir 
Ol }4?.I 

^'^v~I3~ffavcftrnlim" 
All Fltwrakiis. anvifting can niyi 

RcloJl 1 Si-Si. Dealer cost 11771. 

5<ll lor 17VJ, or Trade 

!11L AUSTj,N_t'WY 
__ 
WJ-W 

CAMPER COVERS—$»»" Up" 
DEiCO MFC. CO. 

Uf? AUSTIJN t>IWY_ 
6SS I 

3S (V, illi *fweL 11ovel Irnllw1 
'• ',y* rxsow. All *xlroj, Emtl 

•_-i'J'!iLw^J?f_5*tE"* 

Tent A Jtefdtofi Car 
Trailer WS*. Uu. Llgfi wtKihl. rv$-3m. x. 
; THMLLRS, /io we 
SALE! 

. 

Lona uridi Oavoy <ainperr'lokj o< b«n, ikcpi 9 3 nnji. nlcf. 145o, 4 

S." 

STATIMAriN TRAILER SALES 

IK 1o. 3 Ml. Wilt Ol Eioerr* 

J pa* W 
(I) ?<?-7i ortN SUNDAY r* {!**._ 

 lf|p Allleheli^i1" plcViip corn p* r"."~ I 

 contglwl. MQAy PstrtH. 674 
StAnCRAFT or'San Antw 

 ilrrpi I, icil c f l n t o l n c d , cl hrakei. plus orh4r eilra ItaFuc 
Cdl i^'SOT. 
_ 

 ir"fT.'"TRJrvkL T*«ilBi« 
SfOH llrt, 11)o5. Cnll »4(J« 

Sun 

 h* Mnrl 

Want Ads 
1o WorJ. 1o Tim.. 

Sl.OO 

Coll 

'ontocn d oil-owl i-tos ihon co 
' 

Cannot rittt. woo1! SOjrY, gaiotl ornt acid proof, water proof, perma ncnlly colored and mo I n tetKmcc free iulW your own boat 

Randol Marine 

Open Saturdays 'til 5 

Closed Mondays 

BEST BOAT BUYS ANYWHERE 
IW W. HILOEOBAHD 
DON'S MARINE 

 til ROOSC-vtU 

___ 
__ 
^ 
NEW 1ETRAM VACHTS 

28' & 31' flytrlskjfi Crulsets, call 

DHL HotnKl. &.-II Coo it Marine 
IH-BW. Do« 3371. COfP*rt ChfTHJ 

SAILBOAT 
EnserwJoV "3o "fl. wil 

 roller, mo! or, head and go'ley. 
4o2 

JET BO^ATS 

Jew 16- TKl-HULL. 137». Complef wllh I roller. 
Phone onyllmtt Vi 

>lxon. AS&.33M 
S Ft PHANTOM, Tri-hflul wllti i 
<P 
Crvysier till t roller, convi*! 
*llh new ikl«, 2 oo1 loflks. 
Hi 

 xcst^cri^, 115«, nkc^ne 
' 
" " 

Knode! Marine 

. 73S-3U7 
Lo*,« MtQveeni 

_OV£H SUNDAY PM 

Help Sefecl 

*DooVn»rar etc. best for YOU, rw 
•^.f1 r«keluook. WE'RE nol pariw 

 e irocik ALL: ouit»ord ? ro iWi 

 itcrr.dru-e, JET-drlvc lo 3W-p. <Q l^, a e c k h o a t , runoboul, ULTRA 

IrlriullT ;MtlV,'flot 7- to ?4'if; nc Knipcr aluminum or 1oo% HAN 
DLAYufr f i b e r g l o s j clem (M 
C H O P P E D like bronds v 

DROPPED). Were rwf 'r^Uiing' <ji 
Urn irock. Ckon PROVEN boa 
ALL urnfcr ONE oll-ivi:o1li<T roc n t.ll *ptn, NEVER Sol Sni. 
.. xi conmilii'oivetf jqlcjnxnj lan itrvk* torenwi M y(nr*; ^-e'3 
~ bero TOO, will do w hot's be 
VOJ, 
Why gamble?? 
*it y°y can't cut ojf 
?JM 
?isr 

C O B I A cabln-cruher wllli B£l 

 ol' Ik lor SS15o, try Ihli for iln 
'7« f V IH R U D E 7ohn on ' 

^LASSMASTBK 
B o w f I d o r, bo 

 wlndthtolo. s e a I b e d s , (roller 
«S77, or w.^Ohp t?^97. 
JtUsedi *HJ to «W5, wtirranly 
BARBERA SPORTS 

 miitWwir H 4 4. rut nrr 

 f4M».TWt.WM9 ^M.CbitUi. 

1973 2o1 c'aravtllf"oifsNH-V'iu'M< crulM^, oai*. irailtr w-bfaVes W.fj 

Also Several New 
Invader Bass Boats 

HOLIDAY MARINA 

Lake McQuecncy 1-5W-K; 

 er, «K«l|tfl\ »rw»p«. 67VW19. 

— 
W P.P. AUreury n»frtf crid 14 ff 
Lontilor Dool «, IDailcr. 1*oo for o 

WHILE THEY LAST SALE 

1974GMC 

Sierra Pickups 

$3333. 

P/us A Very Special Clearance Sq/e 
?974 GMCOJEMOS 

STOCK iS6: titiro Gurde til • Powti 
A-JlonlDlit 
Rear Chroini Bumper 
V,'W In.I , 

Sieiro Grande 
*ip . Power 
Avlomark 
Rear CKr. Bumper fall Wfieel Ccvtn 
Rcdio 
JM V-6 finna1 Closi 

STOCK 486: 
Si/per Cuiiom 
«r • fo«tr 
Auignnlk 
Real (hi. Bumper mil lire I 
Ro4a 
3SO V-8 
Ti»!ed Ololi 
Cargcilamp 
Wheel Cor.n 

STOCK 
52o: 

Sierra Gicnrfe 
Air • Power 
Aulomaik 
Till Wheel 
WSV; Tiies 
AH/IH Rad-o 
454V.S lir.lej Cfon 
Clj.V 

Cargo Lamp- 

Some of These Units Discounted Up To $9oo.oo 

AAOTOR TRUCK 

1 133 BROADWAY 
',- 227-93o4 

Boali, Mol«r< 

J? *T» •?• n1* •!• "T^ *T» *T» *T* ^Ip 5j! »K 

CLOSE-OUT 
* 

16'VEE 
|| 

• , 
, 
A* 
AHCjI/lo* ntlMH ciUiir.g.lkfuJI TV 

4fr*rc'k(Snj wwd^hUtdl |hel lod^ 13 o At 
A/ lj!'r1(C'F('tdcri*tii>i luinbfdsw* o 

 ecli. poiilive Klfiir.g. 1JI held- * 
•on, iLibrgii, hlriie i*!f-boJ=rB •*• la'er *i'l. Ai«yei. litcs 1 Full Iklo- J" 

 fty (ItO (I p. pci^ S btwr) t>hfi V lfkj>(iirg!iriirtf(c«lre!,bo"«iy&4t tor.gi »uhe teat. Stpir o i> bot* li 
^f.'"1o' 
***** 

$1999 

IABGIS1 MAHIMC 

DCAUI 

6143So..r.rf, 

I 
*•> 

Aiumlnprn B«t, l 
' iew totd lorjtns.^ 
4.^5*1 & FUh" boot top 4lhp. sVi 
P.ck* ''' ""rx.™.^.?^?!' « k e II, cover, many 
. illOO. *2J-5»o, «c at 

. 
. . . . . . . . . 
RIP 

 covipped, comes wHfi 4o hwiepow 
[oinii ancj rnolor oncf lltlle dLxJe tra 
Icr. 3 years. cJd. $11oo. 3>' can be s<e^qr 431 Trudell. mi~tarovtllij~1?"«," OMP V, Wqi 

. 4ho*l bow, Rihp, Mercury 

Power tcfm, bHg« pomp, Zi pol, no lonV. 1275o. Moving. A\MlI SClT. 5IJ 

KIDD MAR1KE 

6o3_ Hwy. 9o HONDO, TX. 
4U 

FT^ FJBEROLASS, w'lrcd for 
U wim 1»o Jb. capacity Olltc tr, rusl proof, prnd f colly 

 n4 Chryiltr ^3o HP outboard. 17 ft it>r«g4ais V hvil large wheel, {II roller, K'SO. G/3-U13. 

 luitom mini Iioviic boot on n 

Kr^'osi po/)1ooni-alr corwjllroticd, N long, *' sq- rab!n, wired US ond 1 volfj, 4o HP Evlnrvdc ScTectrlc, cm front o>nd reor. 

 e It 

 cus 

 cw Vfair Sallbool. storage box iking ilropi, poly, trailer, life jack 
Is. il»3. Ul£7S evci. 

New Evlnrudc motor. 9 H.P.—Dai 
QQlj fpf CQSh. PEZQ-P62 oiler fl p.rr 

16 fT INVADER 

:kon, Uicd. rloged wilh r.cw 4o3 
<erc. L^clrlc, new golvanliea trail nd new ccceiiorici. 

TEX-Alt BOAT 

222-K28 

Gulf States Yachts, Inc. 
"acemakeri—Halleros—Egg Harbor 
*"oiOA, MaNhcwi-AAogsum. B<lrom 

Eiccllenl Uled Boot Dvys. 

SEABROOK. TEX. /1J1334-3U1. 

4 Qiwctiiicr~6oarrbflly TrotwT. K 

' GOLDFISH $a,l.boa1. ond Trallci 
Fe_toc^«jls.d7^ -&&3T. 73S-I731 anled 1 satr«rt' laTlaln me fn pur 
OilAj bcoutlfv) 
3V 
Yowl, sice 

 ril, all so 111, reedy (or csvillno 

 iywhere. U.OOO each person would njy boat aid nufntaln aid keep 1 
In 4ltp fcr a yeor at Corpus Chrlill loll oorney Jonci, 3il-9421 ar 3?i 

-——— 
— 
;^jj^ 

 i tt. Power co l. Trhhvli. nlfh 
EM 

 raMcT.j73j.Jft*o1llJ 
7J SklirTa^ond Filing Goal, t*cel 
(nt coruilrCri, waiktnru wlndi^'o'd ully equipped, nwior, tro-ter, \sorki 

GOAD-ANDERSON 

GtA&TRON CO. 

A Ft. cr, Mcke_ofler, 
.Ike He* 
3i 

_ 731 s 

 l, 
SO IIP 

__ wlcr, liirrrall 
14 o*_ LE2-8I9- 
. U' Caravtlle 
. 
. ntter, 14 go 1 1 on bull! In tctnks, 

 mxi iw orxl rear cixlolni to 
.pletely e/Kiose. Walchlrtg 
oo1 irol'cr with over *tic noo 

 oeikim v.-t^elj, tnxtdy b«xlnQ 

•j'ff. 
" 

_ 

Oo'si flaai, " 
. 
, 

"v!rviKie, 
Eleclrfc 
1r oiling molor 

OMcr.S ool. oos lanx, Llfihlj, J mi. 4SS-B5UjdH1(r 6. 

Sunfl»i»: SiA. Mftirpowiar'Sallb 

Tgei.-Frl 4PM-tPM SOI tAAMP 
.AIL HO 6112 Weil Ave. 34Io76S. 

 f 
S periling Ooodi 

 t 
TVM borreili. Cuslorn corrvln 

 caie Included UM. «f4Kfr. 
. 
. 

C"6 D'l U S SKEET, Pltiol & till 

.^ 
. 
. 

OUWS: Ovir o ihouiarvd" to from P^llO'jK^S, CMrrt._J17<S71. __ 

' 
- 
' rS\oder>»6"Sp o/ votk. M/; 

T In WHd S. Texas 

Rgittan-WiM crones, olio [qveiLig <md bobcat, i!** bow hano oun, ye<ir arcvurwl, t> app«lnlmtnt OAly, no kill ro pa 
Out ol jtali oW-or fly In hunter 
*$k°J)^- 
. 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ _ _ 

Deor & Turkey Hunters 
Sn«e money o«i v«tT OJ«J hvnl. 
- . 

 btt. Lrwo*r tiocts al 
I'rtrrw dt«r or«1 turkey 
Neor Comp Wood. Rrtfi vrtH> Good OCC414, IToi ddrwn, »YNK Hrxwiclno. 

1 hy cwrvr. Tut 
Xr 7W< 

 ur «wn lorvdl I 

 towor p c o u n t r y irio fnouolg'm 

 lern«. S% 

Fiihlny 

O YOU NEED A LEASE? I have 

 r-.ei lor <*ttr, fclr<J(, vermin, t\jr- arid HiMtrg. Fomlly vr 
« bftiween 6 onrf.9 PM. 
Wanlcd-Avfei, 
TrucHi, Trailers, 

Mqtgrcycloi 

CASH po!d for laic mixfel conv 

• 
H 
Ol 

. 

H E V R.O 

'O.vAm. 
____ 

* CASH FOR OLD 

'rucki, hwvif inn sad form trod or I 
- 

973 Honda SL 13!, 5.ooo mli«, 
_1^1,S*5r. WHr 5 655-183o. f V / , Ertclrwi il7i arvd up: Consider rod*. WCTilw wrecked or 
"- 

WC ». 6S5-BM7. 
( 

Molor«yc1e« 
—Scooters 

, nh, Sol -a -I'll kl 

) 'tusi. SOUD klamiiiim rmd'e 

• o*^5! ti — Al Dis(cu«i 

JRJ 

SPORTS CENTER ! 

HAS (LODID THE» KEMi- 

Iftwdruinrr (ftirti-Tvai) Igiiinoi, 
Clya-tt KoneBh. MontWr Cyile { 
Mjja^iti, (oili&l t-T«<o Syr,iS(t« 

' 
' 

 i3o.« P.M. i 1O-6 lal, 

735 3SSI • 

MOiTCOMPUUiiaCK 

OFACCCJIORIE3 

ANOMOTORCTCLIi 

ALAMO | 
CASA 

SUZUKI 

NlWHOUHSilHUR. 

 rUE.-WfO.- 

!AT.?-5 

72 3SKL HorvJa. 

T tml chtop. J 
' 
. 

 f*F 
JUIU K'l 
T- 

 ampfe!=ly rcsloroWe, needs engin 

 woik, 175. « 1-4513, 6936 FcrtLl Way 

•74 ^«t_ 

Pcnlon 
125. 
Exl 

?J 15oFOUR Hor.da. cxcellent~c« 
Ion. 7ooo mllci. WOO liim. i».l 
>9o -DW7, 
I 
BvilloctT" Dl rr~ulkcT"co 11 "Hit) 

<xJo (or car M7-J&SO. A?4-7l42. 

Super pal. 771 
Hike. 
Ic 

72 Honda SL 35o ' sj«m 

1973 J1ARLEY DAVIDSON" 
Ba[a l« cc, oily i» mi!«, li'5. 
21-1 ML 

TV7pv 
Trendy Tw^i7~5( 

 lon. iSSO. JKM73. 
~ 
~ 

Tuih UJce, MDl nlmlisl^. flood 

Coll 5U'*tM oltcr t. 

AWASAKr&'PltCif"" 

ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 

<1 Tuci, irmri.. r 

71 SflorHler C^* 

AlUr S, tllWI. 

J 
RA 
6»4-S?M i;r i p.fA. 

Motorcycle Insurance 

L<K»ipON_ AGENCY 
»n-«.. 

' Mariflv"bawl"dica~"FLHl3oo, dec- 

_j,°W37^|_^I^_e^IICnt CCII!f" 
^LSJNORE ISO. Good ihopc. 187i, 

'7j"NVMfln"7M~Co^nofldo7fnlnrToiv 
3il on O-'tJ ? heln-eh. SlSft). Rltkkn 
3^ o'it lod/ lo ctuirth en Suriday. 

'» "K A W XTA^ P Z17 "JncT "m" 11 es~, ~nt\ condilkirt. J2COO, Co'l 7/31?3J, Cnp; 
Pass, onrllme oiler 7 p.m, cr week 

3 hehneii.' periecf 

 swjr^K: erxl. I4T> rtor v,h«l Cul om I'a'i 
o6. »J«o. ^TM-XU l»lo»c_ij» 
HONDA 3W, T»/t 
' 

 corvlillon. 
~ " 

Cgifflftl flulll I Chopper loo ttarvh ngine, rigid frainfi, (tMF rxilll, kJi^ sntf oufen jtcl, e«1ren-*f>' nice, tit 

^ VlH J» E'l'dS l. ] 

Slr 
<cxi*ll»n. use, 
~~ 

-"»l^JJ)4?i4.1 
_ 

Won Fid I MeTo/tycifl* or po/ti*"Ar or.dlloi, will pov caih- US M1?. 
Fuel Tanks-Custom Made 

IfOmci 

F-iittionic itnjiisni'uiMirej m.'ffi 
B" 
T<I11K' s"",n;,',. 

WILL PICK UP OLD CARS 

And, scrap rtrtlol JIJ-U7I 

 mpntfr olr conditioner lyslem for 
Ford V-6. RMIO<VHi1e. 3T7-67/1. 

ANTED • One Ocwxl 14x4" Cfayr 

 v/he*n w|lri FordVJ'.opar potHrrt. 

 t pay fop price, tVt-ynj oMw 5 

 rVrirtlna '64 Chevy Impalaj • 
Tcrdisp Tor ports. 726-7o95, 

Chevrolet 7K cngUrO. needs i 

o R o Jj I c*«v« fon tj ena'n«( f 

 blpck pcfls. 333^633 «ves 

._ ... Pcnlkic cnc'nc. 1SUI Chcvro- 

 el Pickup porlj. All \n good cor.di- on. filler i, l-SW^iSt], (prcason- 

OA). 

 r'/reckJfvj -is Ford AH tody poxls 
~" ^a:*-_J4^6_VollncVa. 431-4u7. 

;cveo '67 bids O*lmo^iT'^ioor. qi1_jr perls._34i-o7JS 
__ _ 

MAGS. 4*13" off THMo. 2 II" Firc- ilwie \\fte, (nctudcd. tue r.ew. S14J. 
"" 7tQ7 oiler C. 

175. For (XWll. 69544o7. 
'45 Muslcng 169 engine, trofljmls- sJo^, ctoorj, EoM 5«t(on, 7" chrome wheels o.1 tf ]f«s, GT whccfs. 
433- 

 l Mogt for Chevy, 
&X15, 2-L«jc1f. t?M 

• 7"»1411 Chrome 55 crapor Magi. 

Lup null, ccnlm, and lock rtuli M. 

 u-a^d^t 14 i i firm. 333-mj. 
_ 

ChVry V8 
" 

~ 
~ 

 tS9S. 

 c7~r"i 
Uicvy 3 luy, 5SO. 341-4714 

Truths & Commercial] 

Trailorj —BUJCI 

73 FORD F-25o 

LWB PICKUP. V8, oulo., oir, power ilccnnr), bcaL-lUul Iruc^. 

§3195, 

 t»nl^ Ph. 774.fl 

1 BLAZER C5T 
:onOo|ph 65S-3«I 
_ 

CHEVY *Vi 'ion iv,b7 

WH5. «lf 

 ir~ajio" 

973 Dadoe Tfodcimen Va.i. c»cel- 

"tSrPicK«rrcvi.7-o5cd 
Chcvv 
": 

GRANDE; "FORD 

TRUCK SALES 

IH 1o Of WAV. While Rd. 

ADAM'S TRUCK CO. 

N«w and Uicd 

Tfcck Paris 

FORD 6 cyT. s('civ*jrd, fit)! 

CHOO L." BU S E S f~Ai I "ill eTh^K^bv rpe b-Jici 2Jo7 Nogalllos ii4 67ll 

 wixY. Air.1 CCwptr shell," 35o er*j. 
""">. 45a-iSJ7. 

~w I Ranse^\7t~iof,. LWBm*r^" ond camper. Loaded^ v.llh ex- 

 as. 33J-63?8 ^ 
69 Dodge Sport Pickup 
UCKE1T SEATS. AlB, NEV; RADI- 
L 
TIRES, 
AUXILIARY 
GAS 

A N K S. VERY GOOD BUY AT 
WS. CALL A?3-«S3, 
__ 
__ 

)] Toyifo Landcruliar'HT 
-~ 

4<l, Radio, MOO mllei, 

S3 OT. LJV« N ew. m-jio i _ 
' 
" 
~ 

W Camocr. Rebuilt c^^^•n itccd. Good llrci; j>nly ^9j. 
' 
TRUCKS 

.«J ^ 
" 

. r, po**r, excellent condition. 

 bor Gco i encck~"i 

^ 
. 
_ 
. 
_ 

*f O'MC'VJ. Vi tcn~I.lv Drvvltti^a? 
. 
. vvt ory bull! rued camper. E>lro nk* 
IMS. 'A3 CHEVY V? To 

 jk), htalir, c^y tkily b lcr _AU_i47j 

S CMvy nor>cl. 

. WrecMr. MI 

 w £H BVV" viT ' 

 n o I n C 
•• 
----- 

-. LV/ti, o\;io~ 

 o'f. i ply lire}, 

 rj, JI795. Ttt-fXI 

_ 

Of "chevy " Vi" fen 
JH 
_ _ 

 dVa 
1* TvppTr " iin- 1 

 tjv-JOl coll ofkr'jpni 

" vl'Md iVv/ii;~lii 

I VoV. 

 j^ifl r-ii;: 

1:^. 

A<tf 
Si>mtoy, April 14, 1974 

Smith's Got'em! 

'74 Chevy Van 

Stotk HS4o6 

Sclid while (o!or, shite blue interior, window! all around, auxiliaiy 
Hot, belo* eye-line poialed mirrors—Htavy duly front and ;eari ipringi. 25o-6 cylinder engine, turbine hydromalic transmission, 5- 
7.ooiM blotk tilts. 6 ply commercial, gouges. 

*345O 

12oo BLOCK BROADWAY 
223-4281 

1974 
3/4 Ton Fleetside 
PICKUP 

* Heovy Duly Front and Rear Shocks. * Front 
Slabilizsr Bar. * 35o V-8 Engine with 4 BBl. * 

4-5pc«d Tronimission. * Power Steering. * 

I 
Heavy Djty Radiator. * 75o-16 • 8 Ply Tires 

 with Spare. * Full Foam Sect. * Gouges. * Red 

I and White. 

SEVIRAI colons TO ijs| pr;(e S4234.9o 
CHOOSE 
FROM m.,,..,,., jnn (HI 
SEVERAl « TONS 
Distount 
7oo.oo 

&I™ECKW1TH454 
S^O/IOO 

 r,-,A 
ANCIRA-WINTON 

437 N. FIORES 
725-5333 

15o1 IROADWAY 
224-5516 

73 FORD f-IOO 

LWB PiCKUP, V8, auto., bwn 
Entraclearv 

$2895. 

\J3SSSl/ 
X 
' 

WINCH TRUCKS tlgAIUAS 

3-Tcndem m«tc! WlmH Trvclcs 
••.Slngt* Ail* Wfiuh Trutfci 
1-6o Ton 3-fiil« IOW1OY 
1-4o Ton land.™ IOW6OT 
2-OfI FIllD I LOUTS 

UOHil iiUUll itltll) ' 

*.l* MCII JIJIS 

JOHNSTON TRUCK CO. 
• i . ' i i 

•63 Ford 75o Stries, 2Vb ttwi Irutk iroc. V8, 5-spccd tram., 3-sp«ed oxte wllh 34 II. coble dump trailer, (3oyd. cap.}, oood condition. 1325o. 6U-ZU1, 
•13 Olomoaa Rta's (7) 1o-ton Die- sell; '12 PtTERBlUT «SCO. Ea. ojvd oswmc p a y m e n t s . &&-V<fti 
A^r 

Smith ORl-7W.AKcr 4 P.M. 
«" Chevy PiCkup-6 camper. 155o, 4316 

CESSHA-CITAVU3H Jtt-Tvpt 
Inos Ofven at FLtGHT PRORCf 
£tf,-Y'^^PPfSSWo* ^^ ' 
2 Pull Hm« Flfo 

CITABRIA H». 7SCAD, 7o1 
. 

Hew Ccccollt.. 

•*2 Plpw < 

*5o Mercury for soft or frod*. 

BuicX *na\nnfvni trorwmiijfon, Bui 

K£RE-You Con-r Bur Any^hcre 
WE FINANCE 

1VS9 Ford -fletTOCtoble, full *»wer, oir.JKcc]tent <oogiliQr> 73M7P 
15>SS Otevy Komorf* '?) <« Vcffe crv n 

 ne ond Irons..Duel point hwWer*, 
o Hotly 737.]7?&.J 
- 

,.. 
Witt! 

5. .Znrjamora. 

.*• '5TCh«iry Herdtop *- rMm orlg-rrai condition, 

 lire*, brokei, air shocks, Collfc 
Item. »K PAT. 651-6579 

'Jl FORO Vi Ion 6 std. 
^UM 

'*? CHEVY, Von 6 Vo\ ......,«51<V3 
•« CHEVY Vi Jon, <Ifon 
«?I 

'iS.DODGE Vj fCO £ Sid 
Wi 

*5lMEmi's"usisD'cARs 
7oS S. ALAMO 
' 
32MT4 

*'66 Jeep Wagon'r 

Air, power, 6 cyl., pfTvoljt owner 
4WHD, SqcflMce tltfi. /31-7JM. 

D V-«> anlo-t air* Iwtj. nMpn «S5J<?1 

SfrUOE&AKER'S 
., Crar> Turlsina Hawk. 5i Ccn> mor.dtr Starlite Coupe* plul 57 511 ver Hawk (or perl* cor. Best offci over-tlOOO. tnfer**l«d po/tlti only coU collect, l^iS-8?5Q 

1936 Ford 

Spcrtt, llaia ro>.is. c«« II*1* 

New 'c 
.. _ Yd dump bobtoJL 
; Qua Ifpnl. ««o. 65MHX1. 

•71 FORO 4 CY"n«r. OUTI>- V» 1o° tiiw. an Rcn*m» 6SM*n. 
*»« CMC Hb'it -IWi V8, owlo Irons.j roxllo. ranmriQ* ww tires. SUM. 
Call &SMO6. 
Tuck-Away Tailgate-LUter 

 lo* >. Mindly. 

•73 CAcvy 'A Im <-WB Vfc 
^KIVy duly e v e r y t h l n o * . !9 
.miiM. »aoo, »2oi'»ilh oil n 

'M FORD 

•49 CHEVY Wkvkw von. 6 3W. oir 
513^5. iM\ S. Rofes 913-4211 
19W R-rd ^i («n UfHilv. Very flood cwtfllion. 195o. 

_6 Chevy Toodcm __. 
5U., 5 + 2 speed. • new - -- 
O-i- 661-4334 evtnkvjs end ' 
' r^M Ct>evy window i 
»oo. f, 95441 i). 

^-4- '/O CHEVY *, « 1W 

New enoin* oin* 
1W, 

5235. Con 
'W FORO % Ton i bft^ieCfi ol 735 5' Floret ar. 
"OBT YOUR '74 GMC~TRUCK i 

MOTOR TRUCK SALES 
11U BROADWAY CA7.W4 

1972 Triumph S p i t f i r e Mark IV, 
P.OOO m>!e>, e x c e l l e n t cofvdJIon 
Lor«to, T<*O* 

DUMP TOUCKS 

Tractcr end Trallir 

•7o Chivy ond 'M Ch»*y 
CU icrUf. U yd. dvmp^ exctllent 

.. VW, new |lr«, complete a . haul, fantaillc cor.dMlen, 11,7oo or 
Lxil olt<v. Call oiler t. Jl4-C?4«. 

 odge SpOf( 
474-535). 

'71 CHEVY 3A Ion 

IH 1o-3 Ml. Norlti of Bcerre 

OPEH 4UNDAY t-4 P.M. 

W CHEVY-,4ft fon V-4. outo., air, power S1195. 5911 Rarvdolph 65SJ4 

C! a tile 2 iroi, 'W AMX, Serial 
. 

1434S. 3?g e^.gtfW. new Davtono Sport 
7o Tlr«, eKceKent condluon. <XJ.OOO m-'l«. S1MO Cosft. boch 

S ACRES Trvdu, traKrrs. - equip- ment. We trade, Unaxe. DJal.toJI 

JQKHSTOH Trucki 

Soxrllke: Plekua Crew Ccbt Ou« death. 197o/ 4 door Crew Cob Pkk- bp, lleelflde wiiK Top Cob Carper 
Shell. 9,ooo mile*, uied obo^t * mot.. Hk« rvew. tWS. 73S-W7. 

CHEVY 'A I rj, oir power 

VI, !. 223- 

 l - » 

FLY A STEARMANI 
From HO- int«KkK'<xY Air 
Ride - 335 Call 214-4(91 V/M 

*o HOURS SMOV1 WITH NEW FAC- 
T O R Y CYLINDERS, ' 
COVERED, 6UITS POU 
W IN&SAKO TA1 L AiSEMBLY 
NO DMMCE OB AO HISTORY 

8ER 
'7o. 

$6,995 

THE TORGtiRSON CO. 
Tfl Slcvtj 

NORTH LOOP 
VOLKSWAGEN 

 ot Wonderland 

4623 Frederitksburg Rd. 

'AKoop 4J.O N.W. 
732-7121 

1971 MGB 

1971 BMW 

• 
J973 VW-KG 

1972 LUV 

VOLKSWAGEN 

No better car... 

No better place to buy it 

I 'It UUf S-P"' •«'l«-»<tro<.o«e. o.'r comf.tio.- fOOOC 
[ /O VfT ing. A^t >9vfc. kolliirilli iiah 
477J 

|'72 VW S'^na^X':^.1."'.1- *2695 
73 VEGA GT ftsaS'Ss.'^r *28?5. 

| /*T1 \filf Svpir Bcti't—a> co-fxTJk'rW.Q, rodo 
^1oo't 

I / | 
W WT Uotfwuirt «ol», i-hiii wofl tk»t 
ITTJ 

71 DATSUN S^gt"^..-™,, $199S 
71 MAZDA US!" J2295 

Bank Financfng • 
V.VV. Insurance 

Loop 41o Exil at Nacog.dor.hes Road, near the Airport 

828-12o1 
1974 

TOYOTAS 

Now available for Immediate Delivery 

* COROLLAS * CORONAS * MARK 
U'S * CELICAS (STAND GT) AND LAND 

CRUISERS— 

COMPLETE BANK FINANCING AND INSURANCE AVAILABIE. 

ALL WITHIN ONE DA V 

GOOD SELECTION TO CHOOSE FROM 

TOYOTA 

OF SAN ANTONIO QOll <M€1 

17o3 S.E. Militaty Dri»e VZ4-V4 J I 

See These 
Economy 

Buys 

"71 ForJ tTD wagon, oir, automatic 
.. 
$1995 

73 VW Super Beetle, oir, radio 
... 
$2895 

72 VW Fastback, air, auto 

$2795 

71 VW Van, extra shorp 

.......... . 
$2395 

73 Maida rotary engine,. air '- 
. . . 
$2795 

72 VW Bus, oir 
$3295 

72 VW Super Beetle, good value 
. 
... 
$2495 

73 VW-412, auto, air, low mileage 
. 
. 
$3795 

72 VW Fastbmk, bright orange, air 
$2595 

72 Datsun, standard trans, osteal 
$219S 

 t AND 8-TRACK TAPE DKKM 

! 
With any TOYOTA -^ 

 k 
Purchased Before 
" J 

S 

^Route 9o L Seguin, Tet^ 
8 Dial To«Fre« 224-4183 2 
J Solei open cwiig lilt 9P.M. 'k 
MWWWWK 

DICK 

CONINE 
Volkswagen, Inc. 

We Buy Usod Can 
33o3 Broadway 

824-7311 

Aseasyohyoui budget as it is on your eyes. 
Subaru'74. 

JOfvw BUI. Afr, i(er», raa'o, ~ cr Wh'ic*vDll llres. Excellent lpn.»18oo 

'U AUSTIN HEALY SPRITE 

CORVETTE COUPE. Like t otftr, 73?I75J olt, 5-J, vAc 

AUTOKAVS VOLKSWAGEN 

1Xo 5.E. /AJtilary Drive 

 if VW Fallback. Aulomalk. Radio 
YfJ. 3ompg. Efvjirw hos A.OOOmJIe 
./onronty. l-379-7«57 Qller o ond oiJ 
OjOYwetkendJ. 
IJ MouJg RX), Clea-i, TSJXO m 
4 swed, JocHkcL Call oiler 5, 

DREYER TOYOTA 

JeM FfederrefcrtiufoJ?d. 7JA-i< 

M MPQ, 'JJ Doliun 61o, 4 door _. dan, air <orwj!lkx>ed, AM-FW, 734- offer 7,*32-73W, 

•71 VOLVO MM. 
Air cwvi-l^n, oo 

' 
, 

After 5: 4U-4o&) 

Classic Jag 

XK-1C3 Jcwor CPE Comolelfly _ ilcrtrf, TIMi car ilorn Iroifk- 17.9oo 
Coll alJf A PrA r?!-T471. 

V3 

 o, 13/oo ml deoo cor Mi-1131 

Volvo 7J, power iFecrl/ig1, o/r, ftill 

 pot 

, 

 o, eXOO 
Aui1!n Amerroan, low 

1969 Volks $895 

^Swni-oyton»1{c. 6U-a777 

 radls, jni*. lM, i«oo 

71 DATSUN 1-toor, 4-lfXtct, low caae. Exfra nfte, cnly SIW5, 3SJB w. Mllllary 

'72 TOYOTA LAND CRUISER 
X'lenl cood. 79,ooo ml- o<r, r 

 res. Wh^h, 4-vrt-.«l dr. 3^*o. llrm 

'73 VW DUG, cteon, runi (jreot 

 id twi mlleoo«. NADA prKe 
.5o, for you tins, will demcn itfOft In Son A n t o n i o . 241-3473 
BoerM oiler 6 wwWayi. or wwh- ends. 

1P73 Toyolo Mark II ol the Ifne. 2xiOOf hortflcp. 4- 
3. Budcel scclii fodory OJr, VI- top. AM-FM radio. . il.OOO mikj. $jco.' 
-" alliripm. 

! VW iUPPR REE7LE, oV, ra 
.i, 4n excellent condition. 11,173, 

TOYOTA CARIHA. O--, 

> 197o VW BUG-A- 

Like new, weekend^ or ofier 5: 6$ 

1Q71 ~ Jaquo77TT2VvTj7 
1 '/ I 
V*M !Ui^»cr 

71 W/Fastback$1695 

. rodlo, gxgl sivipe. 6JS-IU1 coRvmis 

'72 T-TofTa u I o<na 11 c, cfr, pc*er 

(er over tSfiOC/'71 Cavinib'" 
'Inyl covered hcrdlop, Itomir, 
/ wlfxjowJ, ifMrtrvj, brafcei, o 
-p*fd. Hi • Peritrmaicf Jld, t 
AM-FM, AOOoO mi:«. Cieit o\ttr 
KCOO. inieresled porllsi only collect 1-A15-BWO. 

SAVE ON OAS1 

U SUNBEAM Ttser 
ROBINSON'S Sports Cars 

KI-13CT 

CM—»*rM» 
Itlil 

The Little Profit is having a... 

EVERY USED CAR /N STOCK.'/ 

'73 

MAVERICK 

«^i., M4*A, "f • •tarrtttk, 
' '2795 
• DOWNTOWN 

'73 GRAN 

TORINO 

-iff., V-l. •hiimfl'ic. p*<v« 
H»Hn(.bTj\«i, air. 
$2695 
• NOSIHS'OJE 

'73 GRAN 
TORINO 

.Ji. ***•», MfUW*^ if\ 
$2695 

'71 PINTO 

Standard, radio, 

 heater, at LJ 

'71 

CHEVROLET 

1mp«t« l.^i. hoidl.p. Ml* ki^Mi. .-JT 
51995 
• SOU1HS1oE 

'68 

FAIRLANE5oo 
Station wagcn. 4»cfr. auromallc, radio, air, luggage rack 
S895 

 e DOWNTOWN 

'7o GTO 

J^t». 4-»P*Kl. 
$1495 
• MORTHSIDE 

MAVERICK 

Grabber, 6 cyl. auto- matic power steering, air, radial tires 
'2995 
.» NQIiTHSIDE 

'7o 

FALCON 

'72 

GALAXIE 5oo 

4-dr. Mdan. fuTf 

 barfed, *t>y 
S2395 

'73 

GALAXIE 5oo 
4-dr., «W, •uiimcilr, pivir ttMrirg-kr«kit. 
$2495 
• NORTIISIOE 

2 CHEVROLET 

 plla 1-dr. holdup, V.I 
^MiiDiit. aii. fftrtl Hl*ri*|- 
'2295 

« KORIHS1DE 

'69 FORD 

Ctiilry SojK HatiM W9B« bodrd. 

M295 
• NORTHSIDE 

'73 

GALAXIE 5oo 
3-dt, hardup, FuCy liodid. 

'73 F-1oo 

Custom pitkup, V*8, aulomafk, alt. 
S2995 
• DOWNTOWN 

'7o LTD 

Or. Brougham ft. idid5169 5 

'71 FORD 

F-1oo 

'71 

CHEVROLET 

Impnla 3-dr. hardrop. fully loadtd 
51595 

'72 PINTO 
Runabout (oadcd, 
$2295 
• NORIHSIDt 

'72 

CHEVROLET 
Upofe 7^.. M 4-rfr., bdrfid, ptwir, oh. 
$2295 
• DOWNTOV/N 

TRANSPORTATION 
SPECIALS UNDER »7oo 

'72 

GALAXIE 5oo 
4-Or. hardtop, power 
& air$2295 
• DOWNIOWN 

S2795 
• DOWNTOWN 

'72 IMPALA 
4-df, hardtop, fully 

 locded, cmty 
$2395 

'71 TOYOTA 
Ctiffl'a 3-^. M<fan. a rial 

J1495 
• SOUTHSIDE 

'66 RAMBLER 

*495 

• BOWNIOWN 

 dMERCURY 
'65 

CHEVROLET 

EL 
CAMINO 

R«al framportartan unit 

$695 
• SOUTHSIDB 

'66 COMET 

2-Dr. haidlop, 6 <y], tlandard, radio, htaler 
$495 

• DOWNTOWN 

.RAMBLER 

 ta. V-*. 
'64 FORD 

.••r.... ^IT 
S695 
• SOU1HSIM 

24 MONTH/24,ooo MILE WARRANTY 

BACKED BY A DEALER SERVING SAN ANTONIO FOR OVER 5o YEARS 

YOUR TOTAL 
PERFORMANCE 
DEALER... 

HOLIDAY SPORTi. 
CARS 
SALES & SERVICE 

7oS Brecdwoy 
2U-5U1 

971 Toy«Ia Ce)ko. Air, l u a o a a reck. sto\^ t»QO. AnytlffM,_731nMa. 

73 MA2.OA RXO 

COupe. very nJce rt*PS, 

&TAHMAIUI TRAILER SALES 

Rt 2 Box 177 ' 
° 
(?*TM9-3* 

PEEK SUNDAY \+ P.M. 

CC en nine, oir condfffoned' rww ifff, IJly cq/jippcd. tiai. 67J-AU?. 

ByOwnerl974VWBus 

I) CORVETTE, completely rtitored, 
Twit MI — (JOOO or best offer. '" 

'69 W/Sq. Back Wagon 

Vol^o. by owner, O.O., AM- 
' " ""'' s"ffl " rm- 

M VW Bug. 

 ii'TfpcU 

-o3lo, el«Ki,*f>er- 

-•» urei. r,BUI; i 11: YfOgon, fluid malic, oir corvdllloner, lugaoga rocV, e-lc. Loaki, runi bkc new tv?S. VX>. 

V V«, ne* tnsine, brakes. ixarJngs ana ailev E*lra 

 wrde llrej. Good body- ncedi pafnt, 
1173 flr Mst ofler. 6H-1SOJ. 

SEE THE NEW FIATS AT; 

WOTOR IMPORTS INC. lijO BBOAOWAY 

TOYOTA OF SAf7 AMTOIJIO 

1>o3 S.E. JAllMwy Dr. 

MISSIOII CITY MA2oA 

1o VW, referl'l tn&ne ond I mlidlon. AM-FM. new Mini, 
1, «W«9, OITW <. 

+ •«! MERCEDES CFMZ , ... 
3» 5EL 4.^. 4 dear, kath«r InUrlor, air, till power, AM'TM s t e r e o , 

 ipg 
ExCelfint condlllco. A true 
;ry cy^MfrMQl, j to 5. 

BY OWNER 

•Jl TOYOTA p;ckuf>, oir, rodw ant f e o l e r . lit* pohl. »/« mllei. 
Vefy «ccrvamlcov Lllllr workhfl llyli. MHiii er OUHl. 
1m fH Ptritf,,. ' cf«o. niK.flK, 

V* OvtrtKul lift-so 

VW T«MUM 
III.IJ 

MINt CAR SEKVICE CEHrc* 
Kit FricMrlUiMri R<. 

'69 TRIl/MPH GT6 

Rial nlc.. Jim. o.n.r 

_U6t OrdrfMrcy. M}-)1U i ' 

Jl T.r«« C.r.ll. | 
--••M. n/-J7«, «ys»^_ 
•M-Sg™*™.''?^ 

TB VW. runt very o°6<l, rMI oo~ 
»<w«^iy_Mju-wIi SffiS 5 

(fur III* «• Uli3~VWTi; 
Call Pot: IM71II 
73 VW BUG 

Mull selll 
EvcellrM ccntflllcn t/jck-lopti. UXM mild Mi-»ll, 
"h"?* '" '"•?• f""*' «"•"'«' mPci, mceh. r*r(<ct. UWS. t*<-M9 r6i vv/, good condlllen, rebuilt eiv 

 e. innrui.MH. 
«~/AOifAn~li'KS Comiflililc 
L»oki Md ruAi "chtrrv" 
Ho cofi alr.r Sfm. HM4H. tnal«4 4o^5oVp. AH9 "Rfno 
RtoierMplc. Ml.jtg. 
'« 

WKftt '7J VW i«doii, rodio i«?T 

. 
PC, QuTo, 4 4gcr i«dan, vinyl I«D oir, ratio, \Mo. in-XlMi »1MS91 
Pile for- Dl:l, 

~ 
LI. blu«, !*• new t?»5. 

STAIWANN TBAItCB SM.ES pii ii f. i, w,jr i-" orii'«^ff r5rwi 
OPBT£ SU»pAY 1-4 P.M. 

I C«*r1, IM m'lKocf, il«w ffti r--1- 
--• 

IORI-6IRDIOV18SOmi] 
Hicr Cbnii '{I T-EliU 

Mr.Btlloiri. «28-!«81 

—2oCUANUSED— 

VOLKSWAGENS IN STOCK_ 

IMPORT MOTOR CO. 

71H«HfiCHO 
(24-9671 

TAILS 
Il-Vill 

• 1971 Mercedes if 
EL 3 5, 4 door iNtan, 4 ipcrd. 
— Jl, air luip«Ailon tyttcfn, rodlo1 c[r air comittonfiw. ilcreo rod'o* 
3.ooo. oo(1, 6S].'(?o. olrtr i & Son- iL 
ICE Roodllrr, txceUent earwjillon 
MX) reoiorvoMe priced. Con b« Men 
PM- 8PM anydoy ot 3U7 E. South- rots. 

972MG6r 
«l«. Call J« 

SE. 4.5 >ed:n 

'71 VW SUPER 

 oxlto, cieor, tiepctxioUc J175o. 

OLVO 1WEO, 177] 

•O VW- i««ll..l cotdlllln 
I113K4 

VOuKiWAOEH, complekly ov led, IrtQ. Leaving must iclll 4 

STAHMAUM fftAILER SALES 
IH I&3 H\. iforfft of Qoern* 

 i 3 Do* 177 
(1) 2*7 M 

OPEN SUM DAY 1 6 P V. 

[ccllorv. o.o.irc. loglne, §''U^K 
HOT t»r. 5S MPO. A» n«w wll. 

. lt»dia. heaier Au 

TJT 4-Jo<x Hirtfcop *" 
II I 
Ri^k>. hciicr Air 
*o. 

(WTIHWTAL: 

. A J & Paw 

E«Y IHPALA ?; 
MBUR AMERICAN 
RYSLER NEW YORKER rr."' 
EVERY CAR CARRIES A "2-YEAR" GW WARRANTY 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH 

The Dealer That Tells It Like It Is 

28oo BROADWAY 
£«£,. 
822-3341 

 l?l« AmtXHwdof S&T. Kardloo* VI 

Aufo, Air, VTnyl fop, pood con- o 9M-o371. 

 mj-74 cart for icl*l 

AfftV/AYS RtW A CAR 
Ml-nil 
Ca_rjw_ Atrporl *_H^ 

L9f? Oukk ikylorv,"*}"dr, li'r, ex<.e 
Jinf cwwjilfofl. HJ7J. ;»-»«!. 

VW 
" 

• venjngi_g<ler tfwi, M-TltI, 

Mtrctdtk 5WSE. riroii~«x1foT, 

- wrry~n*», flrf'en wMh 

_ 

• M HATS UN Wagon * 

4 CJfl.JHJi,^4l.3ltt. _ __ 

Xi'b'A tVt "ooJ-jmof^, oiri 
° " 1 ' 
LH" '**• *"" 
UUH ollo"'ZrVv/ ufl l»Sj M w/ Stolen *o»3<i I«J. 
« i.ttfmi mid oi-lnf 

* o4tyt, aTr, n«w IVn il.JWJ. 
* 

Let 

Let a Classified Ad work for you 
'today I 

Call 
225-1666 

 rM r»1<TTSB«iolOn, Loadtd, ' elton. 7H-J»1 doyl. 

CREDIT 
I 
OOOD-lAD-NOm 
! 
Wl MNANCI 
— 
I. 
R.B<lldklt .ICr.dillrDllfld • 

J79 CARS TO CHOOSE FROVl 
I 
BRITTANY AUTO SALES 

LJOIO San Pedro 225-62o3 

ATTENTION! 
Miiiwr i civil siivia 
[Illl.orU.Cr.J.l.llonk 

Ko TriUim • Taki Up Parrni 

FKUSAIII 

IOC'/. liniml 

IIOH>HH 

*M"| Mi 'vcry'Vleon'iiuWlll' 
JHI 

 ir/o IUICK IL8CTX* courri try elMi, wrpriwl, beoylTluf |u/ 
(wcllf, wl»i air txlrai, ™vi n*» 
Urn, b*1lir mjl«w ttwn my wll*1 niw cor, n«o. yu-mi, OHIIII. yb\$w'$i'$<?l££'''t«i!S\ 

Rl AT A i 

CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 

226-7221 

BUYER 

PROTECTION 

12,ooo ML/12 
Mo. 

CADILLAC VALUE 

PROJECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 

74 \;iS."".M. 
'869o 

73 {.'SAffl". 
'699o 

73 S7;?r". 
'629o 

73 JSiiK.'... 
»599o 

73 !'ii:".ii',.. 
»669Q 

72 l'(±1fu.k 
>559o 

449o „ 
379o^ 
439o ., 

'429o 

71 iCrVJ,",'.1' 
'389o 

71 '""'"'•"• 
Ml9o 

OTHER MAKES 

73 Olds 98 - '73 Old's To- ronado . '73 Quick Eloctrci - 
'73 Chcv Malibu - '73 Chov 
Caprico - '73 Conlinonlal 
Mark IV - '72 Old. 
Toronado 

- 
72 Chov Monlo Carlo - 

'71 Pontioc Grand Prix - '7o 
Buick Rivioio. 

NEW AND PRE-OWNH) 
CAR SALES 

OPEN—MON. Thru 

FRI. 

, -8 AM-7 PM 
SAT. 8 AM-4 PM 

_„ 
72 

72 

 ii.ti.,1 ......... 
111— «.VJk, 

IBARGAINSI 

DEAN & CO. 

ICO liMd»lr 
7JS.J7/I 

KtOOOOCXX 

 tUmtJvlyfTMnlr jj^j 

 r 

Swndoy, ApHI 14, 1974 Wont Ad* Thirteenth Pog* 

Il»-C«n ««r Mk «r Trt4e »U-C«ri J«r Site »r Trwl* 
DIS-Cirs Iwfiite trTr»*e 

GILLESPIE FORD 

| LARGE STOCK Of Plnlos-Maverlck«-Mu$(;ana«rTor1noi-lTDs.f.Birds- 
*QET OUR VOLUME DISCOUNT PRICE 

2-DOOR 

MAVERICK 
2-DOOR 

$2442 

'2591 

MUSTANG II 

$2895* 

LTD 
4-DOOR 4155 

UNTO 
WACOM 

1-1oo WCK-UP 
"""52835* 

DEPENDABLE 
USED CARS 

* MANUFACTURERS SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE FREIGHT, SERVICE, STATE TAXES, LICENSE AND OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT. NOT INCLUDED 

LIQUIDATION SALE 

24 MONTH—24,ooo MILE WRITTEN OVVNER SECURITY PLAN 

EREE T974 LICENSE PLATES 

'72-FORD SII'N! ^P72J Wai'l'tl 
'72 PLYMOUTH ,s"<'li" 
• ' * rl • «»VUI n lug, fowir b 
72 FORD J^vS^lft:r4?H 
72 PLYMOUTH M^ 
72 

•• Pow' «'"''»»• '•«•' k"k«. *k, »M 
' ' " " 
'1394 

72 FORD i? 
M 

'71 PIMTft 
/J rlnlu » 
,73 MAVERICK 
73 FORD 
73 CHE V Y 

 t-cyl., out«moHt, rito, towir tlnrlnj, fawir il«r- sioTr s, Air, Vinyl lop Ho,)SC?A. W» «3t5 ?. 
.- N.w 
1875 

'•*/'•'^I», ouhmollt, fawn iKirlntj, Ptwcr kroin, j | npy a'i-y^iS: *;Ef!EIEES '229o 

" W4M^.^:.*^..^r.' 187o 

«, Afr, Wnvl Si ft re 

Now I 733 
N«, '299o 

........... N.W '299o 
.r..k.±Vi& '2675 r.'::..^" '269o 

*' *"'*'' 
Au" nMlif> ""•• p<w" 

I PlrfMuih SoltUii* cuitcm 4-do*r. fawtr, •«, i^OO 
* cH «itioi, »lnjl rwf, l«iuwy wf/nnly 
A T T 

 i Charger ho Hi op. AH •«Tiat, p«w«f, ot*, vinyl 5O£Q 
E ftof. i»iro *Uon 
AWT 

oOOGE44o4'd*or. P*wfr, ah, oil «*Iroi. « coc 
*<a|nk* 
3V3 

, .... PLYMOUTH Vohanl 4-rfw.r. Air <or,diii9n«d, 
- -»en 

Q-> *>cylind«i. Cfion , 
'- 
/ OU 
,, -. 
TOYOTA C**«na 4-d»»r, Original andtkart. ji .4 AJ; 
'69 A«l«m«rk, oir, Radio 
" 
Sl 495 

 i t f , pODOE C-sinn*! 4-d««i. R«dt«, htalii, oulo- ^ ~iCf\ 

OO rnaflti f»w»f *f*«'Ing, Ci*mn 
«. 
. / 3\J 

UMo 

 t/oi. Rtal O»ed .: 
PlYMOUfH Fuiy 111 

72 MAVERICK 
72 FO Rlffi v 
72 GALAXIE a^ 
72 CHEVYtrr 
7 2 TOYOTA . 
. 
. 
. 

71 ITDN^iifcTifc 
'71 PniJTI AT C*T*1IH* 4-J«r l^yl. »«lamallt, rtdls, Pow.r ilititef, fo 
/ I rUnllAt Atr. Mo. SSM.Ws.JJttS ..,.........„......; ........... ...... „„. 
'71 f A I\l I I A f \<^» DlVillt, 4-Jwc HorrJtop. »-<»!. Aulomollt, »M-fM >t>rt>, 
/ I V.ALMLLAV. Air, Vlrrjl loo. H.. 22H». Wii $MH 
'71 Ul*ll If Ctlf Ad" til *•<»'• itwdotif. r?»A'o, ni«f«r 
/ I VULKaWAbcN No' 147* Wos $19!S ... 
'71 nine viP* amisw *-<yi- Aut«ncm{, AM-FM >ui». 
/ I ULUl All powtr, ATr. No. 4MIA. W» $24»S 

„„ 

 ir bioV.j, 

Miw 

*ll ptwir, 
~K.i» 

'229o 
'239o 
'199o 
'2775 
'219o 
'179o 
'159o 
'2995 
'1695 
'229o 

'72 

'72 ss5o.yrH%w"™,i±"~":!':' ^sso 

? '* —. 
OtOS Dtllo cuilom HoirfHp i*Von, fowii. cn« en 
/ ] otr, em ewner. Oinn 
A I DU 

VEOA. (oup«. tadio, htoler, auiomi 

. , OLDS 
Cullat* 
& ,c.^lp*' i A"j-V!V« 
?s^:ivT/Jn7:^^"^"'.^^i.'!. 
$3iso 

•'72 «T•«^7a^w*.l.!":.^.".a.''^.^-*<''."."---o- 
,_^ DA8I ipen «upe. r»*.r, oir. oil •iliat, loe- Sngnc 

/ *> Iwy wotra/ily 
ATTi.?. 

._- 
MAVERICK 4-dotr. All ezlfal. powei, air, 

/ O n*w lirai. Extra clion , 

PLYMOUTH Duller Sport Coup*. Afl «xiroi. 
, —n P«wcr, ofr, 4,ooo milt i, latloty woitaniy, & 

,__ 
CHR^SV^R HewpMl Cutlftm 4-doer, power, 

72 ail, vinyl rcflf. Eilio (fton 

,^« PlYHOUTH Sot«llil« S«bri 

72 
<m, o» «xlro.. l.w mU.oj 

Hatilop. Power, 
......................... 

PlYMOUIH Fury Hoidlepi. r«««r. oil. oil , ooc 
««lfo». Sa^A }2DO ot 
.................................... 
77 J 

,-,n 
DODGE P«lara WoqoA. 3<seol>, pavuer, a>, <M rs p «\ j 
'72 fc.99<ig. lo.k. W"« J53»5 .......... .,.- .............. 5285o ' 

 yt ra*f, io I TC 
*2 I 75 j. 

I 

HIUMC 3oo 4-J>ar. tawtr, Air, aalmaii, 5 

.^. 
CHARGCR Haidtop. P«w«i, air. 
'71 l«74 tunic. «eol iKarp ....t ..... : 
, ,n 
DART Swinger hardtop, radio, tieattr, o 

OV malic, a"M, nit* ............... . 
' 
... 
OO 
.— . POOOE Polara 4-dftor, an eilial, |MM«r, air, 
'71 
^ilcjk«il anrj .lean .... .................. !„. ............ 

... 
CHKYSlil Newpsrl. 4.rja«r. 

68 
Power, air, oil e.lrai 

 r-vs\ PLYMOUTH Fuiv 4-doM. 
7o f.^.r. oir, oil .rlrot. Mow 

 t ooc 
' 895 s i x e r s ' ) 
M45o 

A-l USED CARS ALL LOCATIONS 

OWN 'TIL 9 P.M. NIGHTLY 

SATURDAY 'TIL 6 p.m. 

HOSED SUNDAY 

AVAILABLE AT ANY OF OUR 4 LOCATIONS 
GILLESPIE 

23oo BROADWAY • 227-1411 
2755 S.W. MILITARY DR. • 923-4541 
2o14 
GOLIAD RD. • 333-672o 

1722 
AUSTIN HWY. • 826-3287 

HOW TO 

KEEP COOL 

SAN ANTONIO 

AMC Fl Gremlin with factory air: $2697* 

Come in and cool it at our Gremlin Air 
Conditioning Sale. 

See the economical 6-cylindcr Gremlin 

 with factory air that lists for just $2697? 

That's the lowest list price for any new 74 

 with factory air. 

What's more, every Gremlin is backed by 

 all the benefits of the exclusive AMC Buyer 
Protection Plan:" 

Shoparound.We dare you to find a better buy. 
Better hurry! Supplies are limited and our 

Gremlin Air Conditioning Sale ends soon. 

AL KOMRAY'S 

MKCTN* cw/CtrJtll-rf. llS.«l>i!tt 

SAN ANTONIO 

AMERICAN/CENTER 

1111 SAN PEDRO o 227-751 1 

1715 S.E. MILITARY DR. •» 924-7351 

"Homo of Tfio Swoofosf Doals In Tawnl" 

•Crfcc li.neil on iu,iriuMc(.ifrr'a 
May nnl t>c ,WJ;.la|j|c -tl o'l ikftl 

/fltloiy fllr, rt]u!rpe<J wrrtli 25D CID cnfllnc. Std!c attj local Lixes, Jcillnailon eliflrgcs, oilier options exlro. 

, . — 
DODGE Yt-ton Plcfcup. Autemolfc. air, 6- st 

69 cylinder., wido Ions did. Now .................. _ Sl 

,_. 
OODOE li ton Plcljvp, outomalH. radio, st 
/ L v«ide lang bed, air, ckan ............................. I 
._.. 
FORD K tan pkhup. Radio, heolei, autamal. si on e 
7o k, oif, yyWe ling beo. Clean ........................ 51 895 j 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 

L113o BROADWAY 

OPEN 

IV E KINGS 
227-22831 

MISSION CHEVROtET SAYS: 

Don't Pay More 

Compaio our deals. Most of our cars are priced at or below wholesale! Really) 
V4 MAljBUvaASSIC COUPES ;~" 

 ileeriig. power biaVai. radio, while litfe-o'Ji op- t*tt\ir piOJ-. 3,ooo rw1«», vinyl Icpi, t.rKh & bi^ktl l-all 
^OT/S 

73 MONTE CARIO UNcOAU(pp5:,i 

73 MAljBU SJPOJtJcOojl« .pi» 

73 IMPAlA COUPFo^tu,^/:.,8: 

 lion powtr itierino, p«wtr btak«i. iod:o, *rh.le iid« Sn I TC 

'7o IUDAI A f/lllbt tlKt. V-ti. oyltvnolk. ft. ImrALA LUUrt a;/condihMwd. 
S9AOC 

 pO«ei ileerl^rig. power brotet. lo^O, wh<i« tK^t*>al-i ivrJ 

72 OLDS 98 4 DOOR HARDTOP 

72 p'oRD GALAXIE 5oo SEDAN K 

V S. autoirQlk, air corid:rior.td. pc«rc> licking, po«- ST O7C ei Iwctei. jodio. ».>-;•(• iirJewaMk 
I 7/J 

72 'NOVA^qUPEk|^±^.=:o/.;j. 
- 52575 

71"' VW BE'FfLE'iolW^^'"~"~.". M875 
'71 VEGA HATCHBACK 

• 
4 ipecd. .odk>. r.hil« lidewoli 
S,a7, 
18/i 

'68 IMPAIA SEDAN.^™"'/p.s:,r sno,- 

 i*cet^9. larJk., v.hiie iidcwo1;! 
I JL7J 

'66\FORDtCAtLA^IE S|DAN^.r"-d' s 
(6s IMP A LA COUPE o^r.^.i'ir'*-'''' 

'65 OLDrcUnAS! HARDTOP £.' 

Q-lomo1,c o.i (ondBlKPCd F°"» t'MrMQ. P«~"$in7i; b'Q^ev. tod ft. wV t* nd*wa!ii tvf J 

STATION WAGONS 

73 KINGSWOOD ESTATE WAGON 

 y.KKA"'"i^t. $£S poutr b.ole.. <od o. vhiit vd«»o'h. Icp rail 

72 FORD TORINO WAGON 

S3895 
JOT •* 

'-2495 

72 TOWNSMAN WAGON 

 bin* ,>*/w)i.l* Irp. V 

" 
, 
. . 

, power bmlei. rad.o, 

72 KiNGSWOOD WAGON 

 i* lior-cd, power tic cling, pontt tKak^i. torf'O, 

CHEVROLET 
Phone 

VALUE RATED 

BURKE SPECIAL 

'68 FALCON STATION WAGON 
VI, oulomolk, power iKcring, oir (owlilbn. 

MANY MORE 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

LEASE THIS FORD 
*l 11 

Per Month 

^.JJ ' -- 
, 
I ' " ii-T-^l -...-• ^^ . _ . _ _ _ _ . __.—_~.-.-.—....,.-—..,.,. 
= 

TAKE OVER PAYMENTS 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 

GALAXIE 5oo 
Factory Air, Auloniotle Transmission, .Radio. 
Power Stoorlno & Brakoi, 351 V-8 Engine. 
Wliitowoll Tiros, Whool Covors, Tinted Glass. 
'NORTH CENTRAL FORD oms'.oN 

Call HARVEY CUNOV,ot 341-5571 

 nr/t*- ana Air. vi e<M 
Q»44 MMMtj4- I>*-H«. i 
BH "j Ooo- Coor»"DivKii~CodnioT 
Fullr IftodcJ, 44.oo9 inile), •xcelrrnt n^Lnr'. 
HI till 

'Ji"iMALL euic, oir-.r m«K bilow loon voiui. Only 

 condiMin. ll?oo. Dart, r. Prulll. MUr ov<n, 171' 

Chevy "Jlovo, 1 ovjlnitir, ilW. 
oo milii. Ainr ', Ml-tw. 
$ Celling your car? $ 
»Mur.H'..ttiSt..i«n « Jwe 

JACK RIBOBR,U 
CWYSL 

•sMr 
1" 

Porllol li»finp» 
'7 J PINTO Sc;i>ir« WJaon lulo- 
I Y m»i/(. fit, AM-FM t\»i»a, 

 r»dii1 l*«», 6oo cwfl*ijl mO«i. riiw cir wirnnty 

'7o PINTO wioofl ftiinmil*c. 
I o »j coodrt>on««\o 
'77 F.OnD Ringii ptekup long lO wiilt b*d, loid.d. (Jt.lnrv j 

MOST WITH POWIR AMD AIR 

Bolanc* 

I L loii^g M» niw . 

17O VtOA SfKXI Coorw 

179 DAIS 
IX, a / co< 
'72 .ttWVlnSd'Xf'rl'S,: w7oft 
MUOO txigmil rni«i . . .. f.i OV 

Texas Auto Sates No. 2 

1oo% 
WARRANTY 

3o DAYS OR 3,ooo MI1ES 

72 VEGA *±^H.'»;™,n 
M895 

'72 CHEVY X°iV.±'^,<'lCn°" 
M995 

'7o FORD &}1vB.i,2>-4.*3oi, s'895 

•XO r A AA A Df~\ 2 do<W hordlop J37 V8 t l S O S 
6V C-AMAKU atlomotK i/aniT.»v->ri, Sr-orp1 
I J>J 

^ .*., p. r. 
B8 4 rfooi fSordlop j Q 

 j' OLUo power, ai'. cUan 
V 

< ^ o n/~nx.lTlA^- 
Temptir vimioo wagen, 35o VB. 
«, OO <; 

68 PONTIAC 7 bg'rd, a-lo f»-*'- «> 
- 
I ^'*-> 

 zn /-\l r\C C«ll<»1 2 dooi ford-op, 35o V8 
S 1 OO>\ 
68 OLDS> bucUriialt, icntoJt 
* I ZVO 

 r / r /-LICM\/ ' rCKUP ri ion 6 «,Uder 
65 CHEVY .w.do.d. FiMiiUi 
'64 VW-SUPER oooo! 

1 595 
1 695 

ON THE SPOT FINANCING * 
9J3-o737 or 92J-7761 

1516 
S.W. MILITARY DRIVE 

(Al Commercial) 

CAVENDER'S SPECIALS 

CACWAC Coup* QW.'le, 75ooo 

,— . 
/ I 

[7-1 
172 
73 
72 
73 r69 
'73 
!'72 
!"72 
7o 
72 
[72 
72 

CHEV 

- 
« 

SKYIARJC cwilom €<w»«rlib>*. failary o-f, o'J po-H ard 
«>lrat, one owner, itean ............................................ 
PIPS 98 U-iury itdofl. lattery air, alt power a 
Uo». *Sny1 lop, wai »2o95. Mo- .... .............. .. 

QUICK C*r-liHio« Hoirftop coi.pt. I q [loir ak' «M 

 ond exltoi. >iwyl lop. one a».ncr ...... 
PONTIAC Grcnd Snlo'i waocn, loatitd »i*ti 
'otol one o~nef ro'. clioi ............ ......... ..... 
CHEVROLET Impak) hoidloa ta^pe, loti po^e/ ond «*itoi. 23.ooo mi!ev 
O1o5 9& LUKURT- Kblidoy'Sedan. jotloiy jajr 

 ar"d eirroi, vinyl lop. vinyl irlerior! ipltiol 

Hoi. \in>l lop. Special 

OlOS Culbn S.p.er,. cocot lotlorr "'•• °" end ««1rot, vftjrl fop, iap« aetV 

TO8ONADO iuUom coupe, kxidcd v.ih tilrai. vviyl tep, 2J.OOO ONlei 
VLRCURY Monl^ifcv 4 dco/ hordlcp, laciory cvr, aR 
[")v,tr ord «»lml. vn^l lop, lpt(k)l 
— 

OLDS 98 Ho'iday Catpe. Poerory air. all po-ei oftd eietot, vwyl lop. ipeciDI 
KUhC< Ckclra 723 ioup«. lacloiy air. a'-l POH«( artj tihoi. viiyl IOB 
OlDS cu*lo*i (filter V>OQOK. factory o-i. o'l powef oid filial, <ruiit caniiol, vinyl iftp 
CHOS Delia rfoyoJe 4 rfoo*, [ncloiy oir, aPI power orri 

5 3695 
'2495 
M995 
S3295 
'3195 
'2295 

Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • CA6-7357 • CA6-8772 

"Confidence is Cavender" 

Hemphill McCombs North Star 
73oo San Pedro (THIS IOCATION ONLY) 341-2586 

Kl 
Vtjl rtdltt tlrti, m«*f I dlllKi. 

»«n [XvU 
*, rrt. II k vinyl It*, rrt 
In l»*iu<rl ( n/jlpmtnl. I1K 

,. chevy 4 door, ho/cnon 
•ngUI) 1 «p««(l, klorvdord llo* rxi llo«r. Moo 

MM IS; tv<nbo> 

Hordlop, live rtt«. 

 rjn CHRVSl-ER MCV; YORKER 
' ^ 2 dMif ^o^dlOp, tltrvool lyg OOOOE MONACO CUSTOM 

171 CHRYSLER TO'ivH I. COUNTRY 
' ' SMIf-i Wtnon, reol nfc«. 

ALSO: lOwrwr Trade Ini 
/tn ouosMOstui •« 

/AH OOOOO rOLABA 
*W 1TATIOM WAOON 

OAIWS 4 

Cr\Oll.LC 

___ 
____ 

71 C«fr>' 
HICW roeuoj |lr«l. 11I7J mini •• 
' <A\« 5. 
. "DCONOMV t gCAUfV * 
"H»LLENO(» 5ptxl> <ovp«, VI- fool, olr, powtf, Hoor siiMl, 

 bvcVll icolt. »I*/A. m;lfjM 
A CMvy ««l-Wr. outo. rjood <o^5T- 
IWV it&. 7D««t, QH«f i. 

I Coir?. T^IQ T(mb4f1»i. 4**-i>»?. 
"tirtlie cuy»ll>l., A.| ew'tf 

I Mini Sill II 1*7o CMvv Suburban 
Icarrv-oll, 1971 
InxwrO, 1971 Chtvy 
. ton, 1*72 Ch«vy PLcXup wlm msur. «4-lle> or 411-Mll 

Spellt I 

 out! 

Wh'e'fi'V'bU" ' : J 

 havo something to sell, the easiest way to. find a buyer is to spell it 'out in printl 

. 

11.4 tSfjii/ir In-^flr 
« K t r a t . H»; IPtl ilondard, & cylinder, ftTJ-litl y^t Icf Bill. fcidTiuc. it, low m^ tal*. »«o. 7M-7QJ. 7 

Y o u d 
^ 

 by placinQ a' low-cost 
Classified Ad in the newspaper, tolling our readers what you have to sell. 

CADILLAC BROUGHAM 
, Wfy clMfl. mW>i 
_ 

«vraUt Wooon erlolnol owner, 

JOQ.O, M<:511I. IK-Wl 
_ 

 it.Cnew N«no4, Kuril. Atwng MOO 
^ IroJ. to- trvtk. <?i»1l «VJ. l«l CrunHr Htw Vock«r, Srouoh. im 2 door, original *vm«r Itf/oo nlltl, UNI txllrd rtKHoll, tomttdT? 

 good rrnxt < 

 immocu* 
. 
. 
, 
_ 

'/O CAOlLUATlirdO RA DO 
* LIKE-WEW *• 

TAHUAUN TRAILER SALES 
HI H>-> MI. North ol noifM 

 tlOO. CASH EACH 

CHEVYl 'M fOrtlfftC/ **S Cadll- 
' 
' 
' 

Ifn'l 
AM.F 

_ a "if m a't 

"Iif~frri 

ALAMO HOTS. EH CAMBRIDGE 
OVAL'i Moving Irom farflt old horn* fa ooorlment, some oM Harm, d«ol cri welcoma, ll« m* prfced to «n 
Sale begins Wednesday thru S*x>Ooy 
9-7. 2 malcMng Hwvwcn «fw1/s, ex fro lafof, term JHtaJ, In excellen condition Vi eotti. Hlc*i*och hood- carved-choir. 4j" roona oak c«H« iDbre. Woihcr. O^yer. Mattftiiet. 
6ox n>rlr>gi. B e d i t t o d i . Onx 
Dfeiteri. covcftti. IVamci. Mlrrcx*. 
Clalttes oil sticj lr\ coed vrtorabte coMUKxi. Old ti^l rlxfurei. Orep- leaf table. Outdoor (oofi, mcrty o 

Air cendiuwr. 13-ooo BTU G€ 22o. 
SIM. Utxlght Frlfovich's (rwier, id cu. <t.< UW. (Ik Btlt vlbroton, $lj eo;h. coucA viofator, tiS. ct>eM ol dfcwtrt 135. Blood* wortfrK* MO. 
Stood* rfrwirr 4rowrf* US. Blonde 

- 
- 
- 
- 
. 
- 
. 
' Air CondiU&ntr, 1^ooo BTU 1U V; 

. 
_ 
Air cortdUlorter, K.WJflTU, »C volt, 

' Vr'ordi S i g n a t u r e , Kke new (ISO. 
• Seen Kercnori eltdrtc dcye 
, condillcm UO. Pkn-pen 15. 
. dinette lot it wlrh 1 exteralon bogrdi 

. JSJ-M47 

. Air CojWiilwwrt n\f 2tO V. itllt In 
, window. MQlhn *AJ, Wcftwllf |7j 

CASH OHLY.^^MM- 
_ 

: Antlqvtd while- rOurxJ colfM loo, 

^ rose cq!ored nxvt't 32" ISO. Large 
. twnlnwiler stalnlrit i!ee1, t drawer 

75. Amtergiow if 

AMPE& V-4 for Mle, , oiK for Dov 

AIR CONDITIONER, W E Sf~l~N^i. 
HOUSE 7,ooo B.T.U., WORKS GOOD t» CALL MMM5. 

Ift.CCO&tu. Wh'rlpooT. 

J179 tiled 
Air CoooMllene 

. 

W.OOOOTU, eoo ooMr.g 
, t** 

Alr-eoodltkjotrs, 
11,ooo BTU, 
1125 

7o,ooo - QTU, 
7)o VOJIJ. MJ, C**il h-entf, $1S. 21" color TV, SICO. 47> 
.?2?7. 

* Apr. s>ze itovt, tU. Call Stella to- 

 pec 92<-«B 1129 Jonninfli. 
A'r CUfiditiOMr, Worai, M.OOOotu, 2 
Stan, e x c e l l e n t corvtfitlo.i 
Oil 
- - 

-Air comJMroner «X)W BTU, pood 

 nCIHoyi SiOO. WojMno nvxti1r-t i« fawoy bed with moilresi 115. 
- 

• A i r toryjlllwwr, S^rj C o l d s p o l 

33.ooo BTU. 7 yn. o*d. o»*<J one leojoft QfOy. $J75. m^?^ 
AIR Coodilrontf, 31^ Too G.E. rrtCt pu.Tp w:tt, 12 KW cKid healer. Nev- er uwd. Dvcri arxj regitteri rrtciud1- 

A I it rn I rv y m wlntfow, U 
KTj»i. Sert IJl^Qt'P IJMj. 
, AM-FM sTe'ieo cc^iolei 
, moctrn toych, creen. Llfcc 
- i Aulomotic waU>*r, dryef. Like new v C«od lio.1. SS5 eoch. J37-7B3*. 

 by crtttt , playpen. Filter Queen aci/vm. Excellent eortjilkm. 225- 

•BEAUTIFUL S l m m o n i maUrni. 
• bcx nwi'n^i, i p o f i e i s deon, like 

 f new. JTS^seN 732~»>?^ 

Bsy'i 
Bicycle jr'~Gurj~B"-crcii 
' 2-". Twtn bftf irome*, d*^fc. GE re- 

 cord player and I ipeaker* 

Chvfch Rumnxw So!*, 
1o3 . 

C a r o l i n a Street. Corner ol !XTV 
Prua ood CorcUkxi. Op«n ICWm 
*pm. Montfpy Hiru yrtu rday. 

BUFFET, Old- Wftlfttri, Iftmf, S)15. 
Aurora R«* TfOC*. SIS- &5*4UL 
B e a w t l l u l little gi/U ptaytioyi*, 

<4, wood ttoor. «fK»fl»<l si*. 

BED; tfoplt wlltt sliding door, book- coje, . titadbooro, uvwrtpOna. -box 
JcHrsn. e««llwt condition iTdO. *• drawer vanity wlrh iWrt 12o. Chut; 

Ctt«f TV. 

COLOR TV. RCA, 

Bewtifel Old Marble top commode, 
Wofrwt TIM tap car<j tcbli, 
^ench choir, c'o Qio*l. c«jQf 
I24-9751 
B e d s -T w I n, chair, rocker, yl r«odCo3-ds, bed Irarrui, lompj. i 

 blcyde- »U; Cor Topttkc* 

C«nlrol Air good conJINS 
Carpeting "Acrylon, Qeloe, toom pod 
^lA*>Jy.l Untwtfty ItlMi. lomp'lle S ng'e Bed, 9ood corvd'iHM. 

BEOS: Single, mallriu end fcoi iprln?i, urtujed, Bike carrier ten 
'-- crwm J/«ier-W^374 

A Kovrtll tWA corrpol I bit &L>- 
_. I c rxl Imm Qwiofr.alic lood projector, *53. Alia pair tri KLH re- itarch ood tKyetoprntiM Modri 1? ilerto i p e a t c t r ifitcmi. Only J monihj aw. Purer*os*d hjr SlW.win tell for SW. 141-4431 o/ iP*-U1S ond cttk. for Owo<. 

CoUetfork \l*m, 3* vol|/m* _ 
«ya SrlltanlcOi 14th edition, gxxJ coooiiipn. B»I OH« over WO. 
WeiIViafwnt iFeom Iron, hovittiotd 

 rack hlihrln buckrt w«h. 
"IK 
1 

Bedroom lullc wataoh includes, 1 pie- d-'t»er, Tilgfi boy cr>eil, complete with night iland, Altec 

 iver tWO muiT 
MM. 
S45o' cotA. 

 iklait tobU, M'nlle formica dro- plwl. W. Smalt white kUchen eofcl- net *U. Vleater, like new, iU. Whetl- choir, Aauil-size. 11o. ftiN!r«om fultj 6«7irflfcl. )ale*1 Jtyle, ntvir used, vacuum c'torver. " 

 i. WA4-3I51. 

ED ROOM SUITC, SponHh, tolls ook. Living room furniture, end Icr blci. c«Hee totie. Oen K'a and cMIr, dlntog tab!e, 4 choUi, Ch'no 
"ibkiei. Nouootn^e WdP-a-6*d »ofo 

IftMlre. iil ISIS. 

Binoculor' Collector wiM ~bov, w-n, trade. | to 4 we«kdayi. 3U977I. 
Wenti 
Beit Go/og* Sole! Crt<ppeiv>i'e wing bock, eta lr, d olece I Nino room mitt n, EngHtfi buffet, wo-sfi ifond. he; ornl bowl set, rocken. table la.Ttpi, Hammond* organ, cofer T.V., 
D.&W. T.V,, ott snot gun, condli illcts, ood maictilno wail p^aoA.-e 
Seth Thamai c'ock, tmall Enil lokl) clock, <Kxne> old dlsn«i. d«xiralor ehtff. pl^owj. nurtar. snvjll amp, tors* speaker, rn/1/im unit, small very cule or>d fold) wa- 

Cholrt, 2 rnatthirtg crtW lounge type 
I ottoman, l»e new. eottlV ««. 

_KC«r-<ycl«, «»*•; g r« * n, blue- arten. Atciincf, ctvaln, lampi. Vor< 
"aui to»n. Much MUCTUo.-nour U* 

.ra.'&iffi'o*' 

^.wnuieie in joporteie Kim&rto. Fto- roi dei'gn. rgom aJier 

3<.«OBTU; 
, mafce olief, 

CUSTOM MADE Laveicot. New up- vslstery. . J1DO Of 6«t otter. iM- 

CoWntt, fov^d toble. ctvoiri, 

 rockers, <i«k, etarcJi pewi, kitchen coaifwt, g KB swore, tc« creom parlor 
«T, IrunV, kjmpi, doUt, etc. 226- 
B7«, 533-13M. 
W *^ 

Chtit of drovrtri. itudcnt's desk ond cha>r, 
CombJrtollon wood*n whal- 

 not crtd bootcoH, NlohHIancis. typt- wrlfer, oositp txnch. O(*.e-**trct«r. 
Sofa btd. So4*e seat, baukitl. o>4- fe« tot*. Army sled cot. vanity, corner toWe, ccwnJrt* g'ou. Knltfc- 
:noc*a. Other |(emi, 727-^15o. 
CAMER4: AROUS til Super I ML. 
1C. Zoom ttnt, WO- 715-4877 Al^r 
5: X. 
C O F F E E Table. Entry Arnerlccm 
I". 3f'«[S:1W)ofl>p Sil- Lovmmower 
SOS. &U<rjT4. 

Phvfc Dlnln* Jtritt (Rich yi: buffet, gJais-front chi 

 cabinet, Tnb'-f wllh enclosed leaf, cnofr* (caorairv crx>f lftciud«4I. WILL 
HOT breoV set. Mad« In 1947 Asking 
134o. 
AS it) have many clher ttems ol 

 good quo,'try. 347-2o43 
1 Orrtier. tarot red mopJ« »H 

 fno.Tifrd mlrr&r UJ, oqk dmier U twin s'lt ron-owov bed Jii/ G rxj'r dryer, loryt picture Irame. W 

5oo, p:ctures, brcni chovxjeirer, glrli wider tcieoo) bKrcre, 2 occot4onat cNj'rj, T.V. toWci >rtwt rwt itond. lea itt from Enolond. dnk with 3 d/o*e's. (o'd) T.V. |uak From tlcre rooai, M1jc, Iron eoolc 5'ovc Jon r^?' Jqgo(%**«^r^tfcrejrp. Xj-5o15.._ i*dr»«m wUi, pwrifct" tv "yoiJi ilrl. Lovilv porr cuitom mad* P'I. , 
^ w+iile arcpet. Whirlpool woi^er, excellent coPditign. )42-o7fS. i 

'BOV'S BANANA BIKE H9? ~ 

_M*-n»_ 
_ 

CARPEf,"Ejc«rf1e--iJ, 11 i'UVcercfV iJtog.JjQO. frgrt'i. b]ke S1&. A74-7TQ^ 
Crush Velvet Couch awj Love »at, 
Klngiire bed ood headboard. tKvlttt orxi booVsh^f, i dreueri make of- 
«r. &S3-iJ41 

 l« ' scretn. Good" Cood". 

Crivan. sir.He bed with mattress and tprlvtci, 
£<nfr>Q table with 

 in, 1 th«tvo*-d/QwtT5, S vi« 

Doors, Cxter'c eoch, W-SC1. 
DINNETTE SET, all wood, dor 
Sponltf'. f&rmlco lop, 3J5. &73-41H. 

 lKlrkr Lawn Mower, Block, and 

D-Kker, 1 yr. oW. C9ll tM, S*9 HO. 

 rondltlOAtrt, <k. i*-JH4, o4-tWA. 
ELECTRIC Edger f5. Ako fOOtU 
" tft «'9. W-lBl 

PCX tab* Q.' 
Xlif. KM41fl. 

D-W TV. Ntcd! 

FIRST tlH YAK€S HI/AS: ' 

IS" chrome r*vtm. 1o" deep with 

FURNITURE SALE, IUi W. OtmOI. 

For Sou: GE Ox-We vro!) oven. GE 
Stove Top. Klrthwwldt. dli/iwoifi* tf. SSJ'nltii thHl link, injduitrtal ke mcker. 1o Ir, pool wlln slld«. 
RCA, com«!e sTerto, Asiarted * 
PV*6\:. 
^______ 

, 

 deik. tfdieo!*. tU-\nD 

FURNITURE FOK SALE fttfrlyfraiet, betfroom jwif*, wojtwr dryir arvd KUdtrtg bed 
S. L. 

3 fridfirps. 

 ilGAHTtC ... 
' " 9 a.m.—4 p.m./ AUa 

317 Map:cwood 

Fk>w«i vmsi 
V A I I 

GBr»9« S«W April U. Living rco lultfi Klboctil^j purtftfi toolSj hoH household Hems. 

1H COM Dtt Vttla—H«-UU. 

 aiAt art bo?. 2 woodi. 3. 
Ironi, ond putt*r. 145. Si 

 cle 1>5. >4Z-57M. 

. 

G«rag< Sal«: 3 lamdlts. lo clothes, sit* n, i}. u & li si. 
MeVt iMrli, medium, JO. ?Kd 
' 

Like fX*, tl| Gi>ira>, 4 siring K, ISO. Hoover Voc- 

Livm clecner, ollacrrnenl iW. 
343- 

OUITAR 
AAlPLfFIE* 

DRUM—Ludwld, Snare, chra m e, pkkuoi ISO. 
•• coie end Hand. US. &M-73J9 

DOC HOUSE (or 
J 

GOOD Buy on Living room Furnl- 
.„ -...-a'um.jlied dogjlure. W8i«| 

 r»d 3M.i "y"r^,eJLIOr *15- "*Ve'' GARAGE~~SA"LEr~WedT"Tr«rj. 9-i, t,itd. «OJ w. Commerce. 
;blhg. H>yJj clolhej. cooler. ^M^t. 

 pat, li«] capoclfy,' cu pow«rT ok, 
Keovy ^ochi, r^k/ti lAltrfer W.4CO 

GvLtare. (1), 1 

GOLF CLU3S, Co»t J1JO, K^l tOf 
U J , o ! d Coll pHtol. SJO. AMCf 5: 

CU iTAlt, 
^Siring, 
H a r m o n y 

Acovtlic, tlkt n«w, t5S-Mfrl 
. 

Girh* S H n g r o v 

ARAGE 

 vvltti tiand 
, ssr- "" w" 

XOj W. €*«Wn«fC<. 

: Miscellaneous 

GARACC 
Sale: V111^*'..-?^1!??! 

Colt: i Knlgft 
Green sola and coffee 
. 
. 

GOLF CLUBS OAd"" 

Medlterronecn Cretfenia ond match- ing end. tot:«, living room choir. 
SlnQle bed, tteil-o4-d rawer j, tompi, miscellaneous Itcrru, 41J-7214 alter i p.m. weekday). 

Ironiandwwxh. 

OAd Boo, malchlng i, 175. 532-44H 

HOOVER Apartment i'lt 
WOThcr. 15o. 

HOTPOrNT e^ll-ln ran* lop. UO. 
Also bu'lr-^i oven MI. Good working condllUn. 

H-7UU OtAefcJ Mlled Jumbo Tlr»i. olmeit MW. F«4d<ri A W«l I no- home wfcx5cr,v units, 1 ton, 115 ond 
•QO. Victor linvn Mov* ConvTO, 
Turrtt head. 1 kns, KXXX) pro[ector ana icreen. PoJcro'rJ CoAxro, m«$el 
6o. cotpg'eie vdlfl Irgiri O.-K] carrying coje. 734-5U4. 

Kond-conrod 
UlnMtf 
Room wilh 

 h. 14oo. Al» ox12 bloc Srog 17o. 

 hutch. Bonjo HO. (&4-U94. 

 tCE 
BOX, SW« • by - skt« woiher 

 and Dryer, like new. Cert I Solurday all day Sooday^ or . orter j 
~~ 

 weekdays. CaJI to-CWO. 
JUXE IOX Sftbura. 1o Records. 14o 
_ 
_ 

KlRftht btd7 ~cjyHred, ileti tromt. wide COtlirj. SMI In Corton. 15yr. 

Owd. _FfOii(re« Copoertooe reiriger' 

K¥. Iti-irrt, 

Lti Pltri rr»N(llff*^ auiror. Sunn 
StixJle Lead Amp,, Feeler DHuxe 
(Tweedcover), oJlld EtKlrtc p^lor, 
LadJei B l u * g r o i s Aulono/p wl|h 
CO«: ta-j37Q. 
Uvlftfl {corn group, like 

Ll¥lr>« f»m Qrtvf, Molkm provln ckili z chain c.td fobmi. a24-oa7|. 
Living ro 
' 
1 oom icf, oTrnoit n«w, ch/arne 

Movlnql tempi, lo/ge 
Oil po<nllno3., 2 Round rnorD'e pe<- n1a[ tcWes, } bolh icQlti, towels, both mars, Ki^q Dotn 
Mlscellane<wi. 

.reJa t track Gixrf-Sitf*« 1o9* 

 geek. Vi price, »B. J33-6377. 

REFRIGERATOR—Frecicr, 
Larg« 

.E,, good condition, S&S. 
Riding wnmowir, needcrepair, V3o. Coucrt ovj otner m:tcellaneou 

RKe Rd. 

MAM.E Queen iUe bexl, MedUerro- neon Twin tedir double txd, Jaroe 

 opre coffee loMt, hatiy bed, ploy< n, *lud*»it dejki, nsw Iteor poiijh 
, ctest-of -drawers, rugi, children's 

 used Furaltwe. Call 

 or com* by I?i6 Babcwk. Monday tttry FfKiay. PES-7CT. 
. 
- 
. 
_ 

'Ji sell RCA console color 
T.v. 

Excellent w o r k i n g condition. Call 

Mgr 5pm. LE3-7J5I. 

 alth round coUee 

Moyiw ScJt: C<x^rr, kingilie ted, 
• rwj toWes, swivel rocker, ac.lagc<>ot dining set, TV and: more. 

- - _ - uph&litered In expensive; fflti/lc, 1oo-year oW xrfa, 115o; chair, 

NEW 
If? 4 
DRESSMAKER se e. Zlg.2aaa, 

AC 
. 
, 
, 
. 

Cost 116T.SO. SACRIFICE for 
SIS). 

. Mnd'Corved 

Spanltfi ilyle. >145. UH4X 
KINGS'ZE Watirbod. never uted, 

15o; roope 13o; 633-o823 

« f 
, 
S4j^ 
___ roi*. *2oo. Large wall t a p e i t r y , j-_-rj ----- --Socles of green aod rote, wide bor- 

 der, rod Ir-ctuded, i!75. Both fovely. 

KIRBY Voccuvm cleartr, UprlgM 
17o. Juit like new. 6»6-944S offer 
5pm. 

OLD Teleda.Qefltti Seek. Optrolkn- a!nJ)**L?lf et_?v?£-A2L?:_ 
O r g a n . Bottfwfn,mod«i 

:Bt»f TV, IS" •eavtJFvi fleor-l»ftglh oosow E*«llenT Coftdiiron. J1W. 
TD-1U? 

C«mp(it« ipflnhh Vtdroom: Double- m^rored arnttr, crwit, b*d wtlh mallren. bo»»>fino. JXQ, 4 

Ktnmftrt w«v>er end 4rvv. AWXQ- da. U5o. 1» cu.lt.. refrigerotof vt-ice- moker. WN!« i?oo. Gos cdjer «o,. 
Wardrate US. Ekclrlc cflpp«rj 11o. Oven, \Vesierri~A~u1oT 
654-UM oil(r_Sp/n. 
JUe^ %o>ai_f_or UTS. to*e'V>5. tS3'-i7M 

DISHWASHER, new molor «S; old GARAG6~SA~LE: A'omo" H«igfrt$< ~l?4 
* ""-Mop t»y|l*d mJrrorj. 734-WW 
Camarldg« Crtal All dOy Sot. & Sun 

Pwxh bowl. 
Votes, 
, 
. 
- 

 per c o l l e c t i o n . Oddi and eodi 
CHEAP. M7-215o- . 
D O U B L E Bed. tufted hcoclxwrd. 

 and moltresi, Iranv, 

L««i.,i5SpV.,ynr:.sai-.«y4- ^i'j,,/'J5Ja^«*l^o<)--,,- „,, 

 wvder, Lots ol Ckl'i s'lfi 7. /Aon/ 
, othrr l 
GARAGE SALE: Rooen Drum «t. sulhx, koitfrt* rcfrKterotor, rVJino tawnmowvr, soddTe roplrtg saddle, 

 wig i, CiCtnes oM nVsc tterni, 492- 

 s.^ss a-sr^sri^s 2S..-W, 'sf^fKi»?«,%; 
^J^w^Si««: jp^^K^-(lrlt rti: 
Home oHIrr )2:3a A 
K I N G S I 2 E ^ERTA MATTRESS. 
L'he 

Old O* 9-pf«< Ofnlng rt 
Law oak, D'eiwr base, 
144-491o 

LAWNMCAYER5: 
Vont-M<r^ 
3«lf- 

 propeiled rotary. Never u5«d. B)!7 savings. >l&5. &XKJ Cooper Klip per 

*2fe-3?9t 

 i scrs 

OLD OAX Recker, etow feet, extra 
'.Qtyt, unul-jpl. 111o. 
~ 
Old broil bed, JJiS. Largo oak wardrobe would moke nice cMrva cabin*I or $w\ cotr'net. VAiodcn Ice box r?o. a?^143o after 4:prj. 

Oy**«i11i« beo, v*ajn*r-dryer. Good 

REFRIGERATOR i rnonlhi ctd, Av 

Jo C<«n wltti icwrwver IDS, 

J Sow. like new SO orvi 5lo.tO 

11oo. 
Aluminum window* 13<*4 115. 

SMdi prolec'or 15mm Sli, 2 QM 
Irames 11o eoch. Baov thififft. Lug' poge ood rusi._A?S4oM.' 
Refrigifotw-fTitier. whirlutal ao*d- en harvest. 2-docr, Ice-maker, (roil- 
</«_f_jQ_cu.fL m-sea*. 

COLD5POT tJS. 

, »S toch. 

REFRIGERATOR, Yeilaw. froslleii, very pood condition 5143. M2-17St 
RA'DIO • ZENITH Stereo. Good con- dlllon, AM-F.VL. QJ2-3IK 
__ 

, 
, 
, 

.cu, fl., Coppcrt-oc.e. frosl-lree 

RE F RIO E RATO R, 

Rldin? Lawamewer: X" 
Cvt, 7 Hoc- 

Oiver. li5&. 2o3 Ko1mo/een. 

FltolUMc Sh«r1-Woy» Radio . 

AmaUu-r er SW MltMlng use, 

 o itNjew. 

Smith Corom J»r Fu'1/ outormtic tleclrlc-IU-MAJ. 
^^______ 

Seort Kfiyrxi/f sewing mochJn« hi cabinet. DOCJ everything, 
WM. 
S C U & A Gear, excellent co nil I on, will sen cheon. 623-1S 

Go'aer 

, 

 ond pod ?*I2, g&'d, 

Dust cover, AM-FM radio, c 

, 
. 

 aulornolic 
1oo camera with flash 

 and case. Minolta Ml 4 "Spy" c era w.th i.'ash, cose & acccnai 
Call aSS-2332 dtlir S p.m.. 

Surfb&flrd, 7'1Q'. condlUonj bcouil i(«. 

TYPEWRITER - Royal EUctrk 44o, wllh stand; Keuffel & Euer Slide 
Rule- 21" in cose. Deiic Orgonlief, 3 
Tec, oencll holder a-xl le^rer ito.id. 

Box sprwgs- rr.oiire«r 
- — 

 ws each. V«r^ nice Mvlnn 

 iu,!», 

 w i . 
, vtr* ni 

. 623-3J37. 

WAMTED: flo/ 

Site H. 6S3-S1J1 Afte 

WANT TO BUY 
FURNITURE, JEWELRY, ETC. , 

GOLO SILVER/ DIAMONDS 

ORIENTAL FURNISHIHOS 
»\.41» 
«!•$*» 
JM'iin 

~ 
SIMMONS KJOEA6EO 

WATTf E ol~ ;)Pcf~TirTCR D~frons- misi!oi. will r*w reoio.iable price. 
3J7^Jii. 
WANTED: AH viftdi 'ifjdifta stamp! 

-d ciGsreHe co.-por.i. Pickup 

Looi« cushions. Crec-i 27*-S3&4. 

<flE?ftMl Coflditlof1' 3 WANTED: »?1~o9e6«t Hummel . 
^o-«eO. nga| piore. 

. wosher J$oj strong 4xi' wooden ccr bed. Ills into trunk ol car, f 
WANTED: Air CorntiHaicr, aWI ti run on 11o currefil. WOW. 
-• 

WAHTEO; U'jed RWt $c*p«. L«J 

• - - - vari3t>'« • d-jpiex. e74-SJJS 

- 
TV, 
o ond W, I?11 poi 

Reese EqucMrer Hlfch, tror.s- Cool-1 CotxJllSon. 125. 6TJ-3J17 *- 

- 
- ' i. Beit oiler. «9o--fwo Bomboo" 

Sc-Hd Vahocony CeUec Ictole and 7!|fi-rt s*?l,uen5e MWM 

 etid loVei, ne/cf WCd. *JJ^W 
! SH.5LflrJ» V*— 

 ice blouse, large. 112. Si4- ^m!Pr^-'1'- 6M-5W. 
_-, 

$!«reo Reailii Comefa v,un case. 
Hoshgun ar.a vrewer. Slr^*--""!*'"- ilrobe. lype RBSOO with < 

 i Uied (win crrj lull bo^lprlng, md). 

I »'• -"rxwJ repair 1^3 MO to 

: v-ajner sio. 

V/anled color TVs rveedlrrg repoift 
Moil t* C/-.KP. Alio air CCrrilHo."!rt wprklng_or_not. y??-J3i^ 
^ 

WANTEDT"Oid roo"d ook tca'c-or-y 

Spanish Mediterraneo^ overi'ie Bed- Very oJd buFtft. ch'fxi cooir, roam yjltel man's >wdrcbe, trlpfcKho-'ri. rock'n^ ti-o^r. 7i5-871j. dresier, 2 ilde tob'ei or*d King 
Like 

STEREO, Dokoider 8o2o V, Gubblnq syilem, 12oo; stereo, Dokorder 9o2o wnile virtue dincrte set, 6 chain. 2 

Ecrly Anwrlcan bar sloola. 1 Crick- 
*r r«ck*r. ?3" Zw.31h Slack and 
While TV console. 64J-345o. 

LEARS,,LICENWO!JE,cHF?''y J?'1 dryer, Ilkf n-w, SU5. «H-<313. 
Sponlsh W.eijilcrro 

ST.all fee- 455-7W3 afler 6 t 

SWlHO Old fasWoied, wren type. 

Stcr* fntllui Celdlpot 15.1 cu.ft, 
2-door rofrlgfrtrtor-lrrtiw. Kenmore got ilave. <-plece W a l n u l dlnTno room tit including china cob'fvcF. 3 piece salTd oak bedroom set. All 

UK.E New. Miflt tec to appreciate. 
Reosoooble, J42-7744. 

 white, good. o?J- 

 ne, s. 

Whlripool cutcmolic woiJ 
— J conoy Hj. 6*3-2*67. 
/other, 
?ctfe vh 
.'heel-Chair ond Walker. P c r f e c 1 to.-tqa'on. Bo?ti_us.j?;-Mo& 

Oreii, 

 train, jhcrt slecv«i. loco. 534-7112. 

WEDDINQ Oo*n ar.d lens Vtil 

W a n t e d : opproKlmo'tty l<1o H. 
Wo^lJ M93 <cr covering wall. 6?5- am. 
_^ 
^ 

Wan!«d by ifuicnf; Colcr TV r^td- 

 must"^hVap. ffl.Q59. C°" ' °"'f' tVo/jJed: "flicyc'e Ou.'ir (or T>v*. //UJt bo r«sic*njbl(, 433-o4IS 

 new; 

Why hong on to tho^e 
* 

 valuable items abound your home which you no longer' use? 
'] 

You can exchange them fori cash so eosily. Just dial 
225-1666. We'll help you"! word and pface a Iov/-cost1 ad lelllng the public v-har\> you have for sale, 
VVKy don't you turn it loose 

I 9l8~1-a':s 'or SalcorTTade 318-Cars tor Sale or Trade MS-Cars tor Sate or Trade )l»-Can (or S»le or Trade 
918-Cars t»r Sale or Trade m-Cars forSale or Trade aiit-Cars lor Sale or Trade 91^Cars'foi'saie'orTradii'9i8-c'ars't<irs'ate'o7^a'de' 

.'/• 
WITH US 
SUNDAY 

BAR-B.Q 

AND SELECT YOUR NEW 

1974 
FORD...PINTOS, 

MAVERICKS AND 

MUSTANGS. THE LARGEST 
SELECTION AVAILABLE IN 

TEXAS...IN STOCK FOR 

IN DELIVERY! 

COMPLETE LiNE OF 1974 
FORD PICKUPS BN STOCK. 
• 

OUR SHOWROOM IS 

CLOSED ON SATURDAYS. 

LEASE: Any Make ear or Truck... 

WE MAKE IT EASY FOR YOU 

, ( 

 rtcEDipT.opie^Mii 

98oo SAN PEDRO 

341-5571 

'i MILf NORTH OF IOOP 41o 
"WHfRE A NEW CAR 15 ONLY HALF THE DIAL" 

}969 CAD1UAC 

Covs* OtVllle. M edm, itxtn r*d, while tcp ond Inlfrhx. bnrrxKU- lot» condljTcn. lew mlleco*. 
Soirwbddy SO.IM all If* IKIX. 

 p 
_ 
_ 

CodMkx 

 u l p p « d , 1 ow-ir, 

 m teeuifi CM*. &.VHH, MAC nl. B()o« \tarhir l^lirJor. Hodklll. mm<K. Tranrirrc4 »I*S 

IFCHEVY IMPAL. 

Cvillom ctXJOt. toodM HI9S. 

BROWN CHEVROLET 
>rnm, TCUH. S.A. (Mrtci tu-nu 

- - - 
-t-wrt. low mirtaor 
""t^S'Ha!?' lri Clone Cofxki, Full, [«,;, o«ir itoli, wlrxjowi, crulM ei 
MI, AWF* iltr*. c<Klot W«, jl root, o'r nmillDA. »«» mir 
!!£'"" «i«erionie»i «rmill» 

**'' '"'"'"• * 

'73 Plymouth 

Fury 111 

4 Door Sedans 

Aulo.TioKc, power steer- ing, brckes, AM icd'o, cir * 
• cona'ilionccj, hnled y'ais, * 

. while lidcvallliiei. t 

V 
Intended factory 
J 
^ 
Warranty 
A 

» oil tow ni'.og., mint tor.dillon A ' 
^Original Price S4637.o5T 

A 
NOW 
^ 
T 
'2937" 
1 

O.R. Mitchell 
A 

Chrysler-Plymouth T 

"Tfi. o.3l«r Ifial 

Bank 

^Repossess/bnsl 

Nodi, 

Available 

 qualifier! 
Appl\t, 

 n paymer.1 with 

 credit. 

. . :otionj occepled 

 bjr pSorc. No app'ica 
•tioni levied. 

MR. EARL 
.227-1415U 

'72 PINTO 

^ 
K ANTONiO PH. ^7*.6677 

'73 CADILLAC 

4-OoOr DE VILUE. WTittl. ItOi 
'*fYlhlj>a.^iao, Mr. Dtll «t-2»_. t C«STHaT7"tMT*o»<J, orlaiftoi. Bod 

San Antonio 

Readers' 

Marl 

(Person to Person) 
(Non 
Commercial) 

Want Ads 
1o Word* 1o 

T(me» 

$2.oO 

Coll 225-1 666 

MISSION CHEVROLET 

'74 DEMONSTRATOR 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 

$5924 

SALE PRICE $4595 

YOU SAVE 
51329 

IMPALA COUPE 

 ii«i S*.M (t-jft wilb JIB.tllL.aV4 
«*|l.r, fiwn iliirlii, ft-*ti 

 h" w^ii'l'aViii! k'h'V.IA'ini.'; llrll, >.ll n. |titt, ii.^iKn!/ 
*tilt, SiOOr.iki. - »]l. 

LIST PRICE 
$47o2 

SAIE PRICE $3696 

Y O U S A V f 
Moo6 

IMPALA WAGON 

 int ti en In 
J| "'• V4 •" 
. etwii inir 

. ilt, nil c., gin 

SAIE PRICE 4126 

YOUS*VE 
S1125 

IMPALA CUSTOM 
:v3'i'.vS'v;!<:"«':vkl'f>: 

UST PRICE 
$48o6 

<;»»• 

SALE PRICE S3795 rou SAVE 
MOll 

NOVA HATCHBACK 

Itwn ^iif/^r«m i.»Wi, AM/rA' ui>ii<iV<'."l.'>k/>'.ii'f'^k'i"i>; 

LIST PRICE 
$436o 

SALE PRICE 3685 

YOU SAVE 
S675 

SALE 

THIS 
IS 
YOUS 
F I R S T 

CHANCE OF IHE Y E A R 
TO BUY \T/i 
CHEVPO. 

ItlS AT YEAR END CLOSE 
OUT PSICES. All CAPS 

HAVE 8.COO MILES 
AND 

NEW CAR W A R R A N T Y . 

A L L ACE ?RICED BELOW 

DEALER 
INVOICE. 

CHOOSE fROM NOVAS. 

MALL8UU AND IMPALAS ... 

ALL BELOW OUR INVOICE 

PRICE. SAVINGS UP IO 
$1.329 Oi't 
WINDOW 

ST;CI:ER PRICE. 

IMPALA COUPE 
U OfM'i itmt 
Cvil<nCKM 
- 

-•'k>'";' ill wilh wlhlt Y^ 
-Sill 

LIST PRICE 

SALE PRICE 

YOU SAVE 

 h c.) tvaeU ?^,M likl».l|||. V.I 

$4938 

-388o 

Mo58 

IMPALA WAGON 
Ck.it I.rV, 
Will.. 4M • 

UST PRICE 

SAU PRKE 

YOU SAVE 

$5471 

S4395 

S1o76 

MALIBIJ CLASSIC 
(ilk M.ll. , J,« I, . <k,,,,, ,. 
J<- MtU. (I.,.!, .ilk IS<J lit, y-1" ..... »HH» ..... .1, ,..<,: 

LIST PRICE 
$5677 

SALE PRICE S4541 

YOU SAVE 
S1136 

NOVA SEDAN 

USTPRia 

SALE PRICE S3427 

YOU SiWt 
5^] 2 

MALIBU CLASSIC 

(1ST PRICE 

SAlt PRICE 

YOU SAVE 

$4419 
S3612 

S8o7 

Free 

^k 
>cluu1k:Mission 

Chevrolet 

SALES 

LEASING 
SERVICE 

 i2ooS.LMilifary Dr. 924-2511 

 il. n«v» pdnl, I* 

IHf rt£\9tQl**4 pmi Hfl. 

HiMik VbUH v7*)ir";S6^tii."TW 

 uTZlitly V/Wrt~ AC, pcwir, Dtn! 
Ull lindlT, till, 4I17HI, nt-7111. 
'« DART Icattd t cyl. H. r,«w. I 
&*Mf *» V;. Hlldltxnni] 
'il D o d o * '^ Ir.tTiVcflMi&P'allt rum co«or btit oirer. 6M-IU1. 

1.1.' 

<«*»-*«> M« 

AN C IRA 
WINTON 

MOUTH FIORIS fll MAKtlN 
J ' / i J J J I 

I9oI QROADWAY Al GHAY^ON 
?V4 5516 

CHEVROLET 

'74 VEGA ESTATE STATION WAGON 

 ixpm»4<«rwi, Stmdoy, April 14, 1974 Wtmt AtU 
Rffwnrh tog* 

Lwo Lincoln-Mercury 
MILEAGE CARS 

A 6-cylinder Comet anda 4-cjilnder Capri 

 put to the test. 

$3434 

Cop,i 1ooo ii 4 >r«d bnti'i'. HyU |1|*I whtili, 

[ Soft ray tinted gloss, 4 season air 

 condition, 14o 2 BBL, automatic transmission, am-radio, roof 

 i carrier 
TUJ, r__ n c 
1 mis can Be Seen 

Af 19o1 Broadway 

Stock N6988 

$ 

ONLY ONE 
AVAILABLE 
3692 

174 VEGA GT HATCHBACK 

^ 

"^^^- 

Soft ray tinted glass, color eyed floor mats', body side molding, automatic transmission, am- radio, custom interior, cream beige GT equipped. 

This Can Be Seen 

At 19o1 Broadway 

Stock 3699o 

ONLY ONE AVAILABLE 

2777 

Cylinder Ctprl 

* JUtT 

ABU IV1o I, 
3o CAPRI'S 

All Colon & Engine! 
6-cyllndcr Cornel 

February 1o,1974: In a 379 mile highway test through 
| Arizona and California, supervised by General Environ- 

 ments Corpora lion, a Comet and a Capri witli standard engines and transmissions delivered the-kind of gas mileage you'd like to get. Each car was broken in, the equivalent of 6,OCOmilcs and driven by non-professional 

 drivers, never exceeding 5o mph. You yourself might actually, average less, or for that matter, morct Because mileage varies according to maintenance, equipment, total weight, driving habits 
:ind road conditions. And no iwo drivers, or even can, are exactly 
Ihr same. Stop in at your Lincoln-Nfercury dealer's Mileage 
Headquarters and sec \vhat kind of mileage you can get. 

$3398 

LINCOLN 
MERCURY 

92o7 SAN PEDRO u BLK. NORTH OF LOOP 41o1 
341-884 

SPIRES BUICK 

SPRING SALE 

1974LeSABRE4DR.5EDAN 

LIST 

$51o5.o5. 

SALE 
PRICE 

$4295 

, YfHITi VWl TIKIS, AIB CONDITIONED, TINT.) 

I ED OtASS, ACCfSSOKY GROUP, WHEEL COVEBS.' jPBOnCtlVt SIDl MOLDING, 7 BARREL 35o ENGINE,) 
JTILT STEERING WHEEL, CHROME WINDOWS, REMOTE) 
[CONTROL MIRROR. 
__ 
__ 
____ 
__ __ j 

5o1 BROADWAY fv p 
E 
E 
5 
N 
226-1361 

A Poor Man's Friend 

If you have bad credit 

 we guarantee there is a way 

We can sell you a car 

Large selection of 

• FORDS 
• CHEVROLET 

• PONHACS 
• BUJCKS 

No cor over $795. 

SOUTHSIDE MOTORS 

29oo Nogaliros 

1972 Olds 

Dfllo Boyolt, « door ttto'n olr con- ditioned, a teovjtltul oulomobllt. 
Only >n». Coll OS-Oil cnyllme. 
'a OLD! CutVnt Suprenw, VI, ayto- mollc, powtr. Factory olr. Excelled condition. IMS. Win l'oVMM»I 

 fu tattt. 

I Otdi Dtllo Rtytlt, BrautlM red 

_ door hardtop wltti wtille Intt/li 
ExcMleM Cort. Price 
«iH4»r ritti, morn 
,, OLOJ DELTA Cuilom Jtoon, oil t x t rat Exctlttnt ITwouahout (157o 
Full DflM. <iM«4> . 

. - ll« CoUIIrM: VI, Air, Pow- 
.. Low Mileage, Mlr.l cond'llon 
N«w RMIali, II<W. 22S-SII3, Jan* 
'EOOlt 

!T7J 
•fc 72 Pinto Runabout •*• 

'""""""•* 

'74 MALBBU CLASSIC 

Softray tinted glass, body side moldings, thrifty 25o 6-cylinder engine,, power steering, full wheel covers, AM radio, heavy duty ra- diator, vinyl trim, standard trans- mission, 

SEVERAL TO 

CHOOSE FROM 

$3288 

 ooocoooo ooooooo 

7TH ANNIVERSARY GOOD BUYS 

FROM THE GOOD GUYS 

o 
9o 
6 
o 
o 
o 
6 c 
oo 

73 CAPRI 
7o VOLVO l^'lfsonr- 
73 PLYMOUTH 6^;^^,^— 
73 WTERHATrONAL %it!i;a£'$.sst?'$tS'.m>tam-''al*tun*- 
73 FORD :rii 

'295o 
'1495 
'2995 
'2995 
!2595 
'2o65 

'74 HADT §w"nfl»'. •« "M po*»x. tow m:i»qr iOCftE 
It UHKI Sivir«] lo erwowfrom 
7T 
J595 

'69 DODGE Xs»,'|-^.: l>v"°^ 6:^"d"; 
'1o95 

3.p«u«no«r. lulomllt.lMo. 
M COC 

If. POWtff JlBSTM-gWasSJOSIiow 
13oo 

Fo'arl 4-dooi. V-8. Miami tic. 11*o. hllllf. power vtlfVlB and btltll. lie- S OOOC lory •'• t"lod g'l» |H9«37. Wn 43595. Now 
oo83 

'79 o1 VltrUITU Sill' K S>6i»o V-8. IUIOTMM noy>. Mm, ficiory ». DOWX 
1 £ rLIIfllrulniitruHj ijii,d Jm. t*j« w.i>> «wo»nYi i«>. (JoJ^A Vv<i sisai soiQC 

*7rt nAIVir Ch»fo«r, V-B. lulomlomiw lido h4i:n. powir tctwinn. liciorv i*. Imttd S 1 COC 
IV LrUlAlt, OIllJ. S'tenwilticunvJlyUop. i3735A Wt. S2o95 Row .!7. .... .... 
IDSD 

72 PLYrWWTH^^^h'^.^rcp'^i'f^r^''"^'"«°" -• * 
71 

'71 AURi^^SIWU) Wioon. 3 
- 
. 
II nfnDKOoHl/Un IWITII. n. powttiinwg 

 tfilV 

I tiTiih" 

Cni.'oii SE. . - 
B*. ikiisd gbsi. 
SE.. V,8. ...ornm^.f.^.j.r. ^Jr,..-.^ •« "•"••;'«<"» I 21gQ 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

o 

D 
O 

DISCOVER AMERICA /N A... 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

7242 SAN PEDRO . * 
341*2257 
- 

»' tin 
Pt'O"^. 1? ttdan. au!o- fi i /* nalic lr*jni-"iulon. '°- 

V - ili&. lo*' ni- $nr)Qf 

» 

,', 
Itagt, nke. .- i*TJ 

1 '71 
B<w>v<i. I* ledo*. o«,ro. r - r tM. t,o*;! ri-VM595 

. \fLQ reuaet>\ 
.Fr,. 

; 

 r<r Codillcu n 

: 
±jh,,.".'." 895 

'7o «."«"! 
S22« 

, '44 lup Wogo- 

 o"U.,^ 
M195 

Broughton Motors 

2UO Auilln Hwy. t55-o74l i 
••» <«••»• -'•Mf'-HP 

AUTO SAlES NO. 1 

Lofbi Slllcllilil • W« rirwnci!. I» 

WrfrcVr'or' l o l n a l oWncf. t> ilot cor«Vi« t, oulo, ai', po*tr 

, 
Ooxf." In 
, 
Kr 
__ 
, __ 
W 66boi'~foH"VKgo«, oiflnwllc, nr, S« m?8 iVwm'. U»». •«- 

[FU Perd Fcl/lan« SCO, 3 door hofd- lop, 2t? VI, oulo, KW*T itetHno. 
'octory otr, 44,ooo rnU«l, ytilosv wlm 
Mock »lnvl Inlirtor. 47J.I1M, nS- u;l. n?5 or txst o<'cr. ASK for 
Rootr. 

 ctllinl caxBllon. Ho-4371. 
Muit IH1 l?7a Fold Gron Torino. ot aaxi win m for i\,m. 

43 fttlcon n« new d Urn, frtto1! ovc^riogl, 

FKO" Ilillan wooon. 
IIM. ttrilH 

Fta'con , 4 door, tSToToTTJ". 

'tfroiio Mitttnt, ntllot. WJlHTo lof^olr, av;tomotfci <l<oa. m.5?M. 
•JJ FOUO o AT* X I C 1oo, }<!oor no/dlor*, VI. oulomoHc, powtr, IrK- torv ok, vinyl roof. |.own«r. Very low mllMflt. »W5. Will troCt, "• 

'U Ford Cvtrom, oowcr end oln clton. tTtfl Alur j f>M, 

 top, lood«<), itiarp, low 
VI, Ml prlci wu No Down Poy- mt.lt. ll>rnp>lll MtCc<r*i SourtillM 
W-U\1._ 
^rj»f"^^Hw fJTford MuDoig. 4 eyl., ISO ciT 
IfKh nKiX. 54Xoo mMii< rqdto, htot- tr, Orern wi.Yi vinyl toe. iwJ. «5J 
Ofll. fl PORD 5o.j^ri wooon, f pol 
"_'«J '5?11 "!iS.Ld!(t ....... 
Ji'i'ord'fiTrfoAi, w(o., j bornll 
I, good COMIIICA, b*v« MinT, ISO} 
WTw, iinrTriWo'. Wr. povw, sr« 
S i g u 111 u I condition, low ilffS. 7J14M1 tvinMM. 

" 

'72 FORD CLUB 

CHIATEAU 

 tSPASSHHCU 

UKE NEW 
'2995 

O.R. MITCHill 
CHRVSlU-PlYHOflTH 

28oo BROADWAY 

822-3341 

Qooowia 

|p> pontJoe f 

IUSEO CA«S 

PRICED TO SELL 
SUPERIOR SPECIALS 

G'ond Pil>. btoailj cor. tendeJ 
73 PONTIAC 
73 PONTIAC -*f»,Y.-A-;, 
73 BONNEVIILE ssy-Jr. 
1: 

72 PLYMOUTH S2.S.BS. 
72 PONTIAC Sr^VrKJ, 
72 PONTIAC S/'.:.': 
72 PONTIAC 
73 CHEVROLET 
'65 PONTIAC *' 
7o DODGE ic d.°/,d 

'345o 
»299S 

S215o 
S289S 
5279S 
S2795 

' 
S27SO 

 s 495 
S1495 

Open 'III 8 p.m. nightly 6 p.m. on Saturday 

LOW BANK RATES 

92o BROADWAY 227-5o46 

AT 1oth ST. 

Mutlgng, 1 + ?, it9, 4 borrtl . Air, 
4-ic«td, mao and iltcl wtittHil ra- 
«o. ItiO. trfMti. 

 am i a « a i« • a • • u »an • • 

DRASTIC PRICE CUTS 
ACTUAL $2oo to $5oo REDUCTIONS 

RIVERIA 
• 
. ho, 1.11,1.,,,,, 

Sllllli Wl|«i. ill «nj Mn 

*VS Ford FoUlorv* 4 doo/. Verv d 
«'fjjSMlo^l-M«. wfitn. 
"t\ FORD rinfriTantfard IMII, ra- 

 njni perlecl, powir orvj air, nru llrtt. IMS. Phone W-iin oiHr 4 
P.M. 
^___ 

 body licllltnr 
Vol. »:<.*MI. 

'3695 

(...., <«...,ft. ft*,,* Ml,.. 51°95 

73 BUICK V?S^1^^1'±!?5 
S312S 

73 VOLKSWAGEN i:^:'!''';'^ 
S279S 

73 BUICK I','.'/,1 

72 MAVERICK 
71 BUICK 

72 DODGE S 
'69 PONTIAC 

 il. l.w milrcti c tU|-J. (,^,',d II 

53295 
5259S 
S2795 

, 
S279S 

 ii?"»t"'i>tii*'i! ''««u."." S1595 

72 BUICK C^^l^p!1;^ '2795 
71 BUICK S'^^^r"'1'1 S299S 
72 OLDS ^'WV^V.rJ'.ml.'"':.'..1'."' 
S269S 

7o MAVERICK l^iC'Si^..:'—.'' M595 
MANY ti\mi MAKES AND MODELS AT FANFASTIC SAVINGS 

GENE SPIRES BUICK CO. 
"SOMEONE TO BELIEVE IN" 

SOI BROADWAY • OPEN EVENINGS • 226-134o 

•i» PONTIAC, oood condition, 
I Ltovlflg.rr.uil ^elll o74-1oo6. 

72 MAVERICK 

GRABBER Aulo, oil, powci lleiring, litsnew. 

2795. 

'J> POMTIAC OrWKh molk, power, factor 

' 

1974 Plnlo 

, flint, o:r, 
Ri/nooout, 3^oo cc en 

 n.evcr rfglil 

I'D POHTIftC Wooon, 3 staler, po*""' »'OM. Coll «»-nH. m Plymouth Soorti Swburtxln 
II pon. Exctliinl corxntlon. Mvtt 
II tor 113;$, CA4-3oo5. 
,. .. PUYMOUTH Ousler. It m«n iwi. 73TMM eXiyi j « il»or. 

•M MERCURY WAOOW 

1o pomnjtr, to&M. an. 

&TAHMANN TRAILER S*L£5 

IH IM Ml. North <H B«rr» 

Rt 1 Box !U 
(1) J«? JKS 
OPEWSUNB&V 1-4 PJA. 

TO Broodway 

18 Mercury Montego MX 

Smell VI, auto, fttwtr klMrlna. olr 
4 dr., pood tlrtl, 1 owner ercei:tn 
1)75 431-mi. 
65 AVrttana. CoflvrrlJbV, oulon ot ii, »m. JU^MJ. 

Muilinf. ocyl. slondord. 

A9 ID-potilrtoir M t r cu r 
Loodw, ExMiUnl eonovtmi. 
M t r cu r v wao 

AUrcwy cim«t, oi'un M . 

Jl iTOwroom condition. L«avlng 

MUST JSLL. S«7t or but «f«r. 
_ 
JJH4M. _ 

&S Muitong, radio, 
:. W «nglnal, CJKKI. 

Nt Mntxtf C4*n<t. wso i affef. Aflrr 5. 73«u>. 
HI Mtrcvrv 9 pou. Stollon W 

1 1 
. 
, 

1 o n, rxwtr, cHon •«», 
CX-Uta ofltr i. 

 a Nova Spor4 Co olf ylnyl root, Un. 
21 mpg., 

 oji_ 

'» NOVA Cmtom Coupe 
Loodtd, eirtra nkt. tun. 

STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IM Ml. Norm ol Doernt 

. Nova, powor, ntw . tav* J17M. WJ«ti), »4-'IU. 
M Nova, «, iW., air, power, ra«o«, 
>a. 

Tocooojo, 

I awrxr. l»n ml- 
IU OtiK Clritg 
KHX. M75. pM- ro OLDS DELTA II Convertible. 
Vt, QUXxmllc, povnv, toctory oir. 
E»rtpiio<xiil/ clem, will Irafc. m- 

Cut>«» Su^fHM. Olr, vinyl top ouck«t seoii! AM-FM itefeo; wtck 
«xh or alltc 5: iS3-ral 
M Ol* CutUll, J-oV., olr, ro 
)OOJ Itxniillon, KM. »»•»». 
1944 OhhmobUe CrtJM. 4 dr. Encri- 
1 ' 
- 
- enclnt. J3JO 

. w n«d» coin. Mint IHI ri... l»7o CM I Of H74 Pont. Belli ottl lint coAd. J4M61Q. 

ItTfl Oloj Toronodo. Or/i wife's cor 
IpolleM Inild* & out. F\iU power & olr, JJ^M mllii, ihuo. Wjekooyi 
W.ISM, Him: w-m?. 
U Otd> Dtlti W, ol 

 iA6 OEALER 

C«. 

727-5o44 

1971 Plalo. aulomalk, radio, heale 
Coll «<->?». cller 5pm, onO w« end i. 
MUST SELL ONE TODAY 

71 *tym4vlh G<o«d Co^. El«cl wlra>v«l, MOl. AW-PM ttereo. Or 
DODGE Coronc* SCO J<»or hordlixi 
Loaded. 6SS»C;t. 
•61 Ponlloc Lt.'Awi Hoi., oulo., oo' 
•r 
- — - - - • 
-'-— 
<^ 

Jon, l»7l Ponlkx Cotolina t iloor hardl 
IIKO. Alltf 4:» Ml MIS. 

ITe«rlng. 6 cyl., «xc«llcnl corK i, 1 owner «4-!IU oftfr S. 

7} 
PONTIAC GrondvlKt. 4 ijv cream pvif, Footfod, lop* d«<k. fy price I&U. HemphUI McCon-J 
5o1/lnH* m-S3\t. 
7J POHTIAC Soiarl Woaon LOAOE 

Ul, flit n(a. «27 r rrJUl, 

STATION VMOONl: TWO-'U Pon tec. nice »M; M MERCURr Col 
Park wooon 1&). Bolh evrv 

 plklo Rungboirt, clr, oyloir.otk', 
Ho, hcottr. J24M or test oKtr. 
•761*. 
'7o f LYMOUTH Jdoor twdlop 
•». liO PRICE tn-7174 

 reKTIAC Ltnvxu a-doorj, 
II H a r d t o p ) Extra nice s. 383» s.w. MKiiary m- 

65 Ply. 4-dr. VI oulo. f * h oc 
.)...VMS. WHI trodt, will finance 

 nt Poritloc Cotol'no, »JMO or I 
Of boat ol muolvolm. 
7V PINTO J2-cbof, oylo, atr, 

Icon SlfrSQ. 53XP7o 

72 RIVfEKA 

Power vttrStra, sttft, lodu, .. 

'Hh Topo, cruise control, «w 
"Jl'iJB1*1 c<1" Rrck» ot 

. Rlvltro, loodtt). Extra Clean, 

BY ownor. 714-liU or W-1CP7, nlte. 

•U RAMBLER t»J. 
' 
3if) PRICE AVE. «H.7174 

Pick uprpoyinentnTiy (oodtd 71 To- ri non WA3-631B. Gtorot. Ho ccoh. 

TRAVELALL Stotton WM oulo, air, power. HOTS. m-5J 
•71 rOYOTA 
SEOAH, new 
»1<g. «31 S. Florn «3-«ll 

- 
, 
. 
JWJ. KCTDMII M«ombJ 
R24317. 
'» VoTvi.iecos, olr, ortrdrivt. tins 
35JO 

 olr. 

'72 Vega Waoon, oufomalfc, olr con- dllton. !>!K. Ki-MS. 
71 Veoa Conwnoock OT. o-'r; l«av- 
Ing town, Muit s a c r l l l c t l 
Firm. 
Tclii tvir payraenti, rny •« VEGA, CoJI J 
697-H1S ivel. 

— VW wllri 'M tnolnt, heodtrt, 
Rocktt nwol, ntw Tnlerlcr. Man bock bvckill, good pom I, U75, vHll lake molorcvcift at j»ft paym 
«o_W. Mocnona, 7 

'M VW lug. Xtkum i 

TJjrfsn Eves 
/ 

, 

MPC, txCHMlt C, olr, triroi. ti-14 

 orxllllOA 1675. 

 oikill M«. Pov.tr, olr, lapT 
» u Mrc. IMP. <AS~MII. __ _ 

7t 
OnwHn^ air', itorrfafd, radio, 
__ 
__ 

X m). 
J.OCO mllei, ntw tt. ilS{o 

1PA7 Lincoln Continental 
> door Coupe all leohjrn, 
«nd.tlon. Alklng tm. Coll 
Of lyjftntr InlOfmalloo. 

OA5 SAVERII 

•71 OREMUH Slory)ord, rool. tilti. JO«fU 
71 HOIMlr Waaon, 
, 

ToVo ov»r p a v m t n t l , no <o,il!l/. 
JOHN J«I^»ll oH-1o11, _ 
•n HOKHST HlKliMOi, L«vl or, i CVF. 

't LTD. lol» or trodp, powtf, pV, 
Co« David IU-IIU oiler «pri w It- 
o>< Ml-itll tJl LHC«I«. Hoi Evervlhlno. Rtol ood Condlllon. Flrit UXC. &l S645, 

 lltc4 

, 

 ouro. radio, ntofir, air. 

21 MIX. 

•7»"IM»AL» Cuilom coupe. £«ctp tlonol ax. Very <lMfl, all orbolnal 
ILOAOEOI ll«i. Full Pfjct <1J.16<3 
JMfiX.*, '41, 4 at. txxdlop, 3o7 t olne. AiVhvj «J5o. Mint J« to <m< dolt. »!l (Xr), fJU?». 
IF YOU CANT BUY A USED CAR 

HERG-You con'i buy anvwbtre 

WE flHMKC 

AL/OMO Morons 
!»J FBEOBICXiBUBO BD. il lnWTli7. 4~ barrel iloivi. bvol 

• 7JS-544o olltr 4. 

73 GRAND PRIX 

(MM. 

«if»«i olr, ntw auco; mom, feti<7 
MfiTifti otack imlolTEk i«id lluril. Ht«Ji minor brott it- ffllr. jm. Call Jli-CH, o!l«r » P.M 
~ r 

 rl Or«»4 Am, ih«w room n«v f itihtoa*. powtr, olf. . 3)7-oll». 

o1 o«»ND rllX (IM) uwiH, M. jiMin, ib-mr. 

»»- 

* 

 r»r A C«r 4T Tr»<i 
•H^a^r- fift 

1.1-KOH Conllf.inlol, 4 door 

I LTO Hroughom, icwdcd. 
MI74 

•*• 1972 UNOO'LN 
ConllncnMI Mn/k IV, Ifily 
ED. EicelKnt condlllon. Mutt irt onprtcklK. 1oU J4IB, I-M<J4M ony 

 rco'iN* 
IV, lutly LOAD 
Illon. Mutt set lo 

H LTO W»f««. Oood common, rtol lomily O.-M) vocoiion car. win licvit ivlet. 141-W1, 
MC«TALOY RIN9 « VALVI 
WHIL« YOU OKIV r*«.»>4 P.O. > 
*'72 Monte Carlo* 
ImmacvloKt redi while vinyl toe taw ml,, tltree. bvckeli, ii«xrrii 
WW. ImoU m&lcx, Vicrlllc* iTIIi 

 r<»r 
Luit. 
, ar, m 

_ fm Wi»w. '71 Com- tquiptxd »lm ro 

Autx.tollc, «lr, nl* 
. Tro4«. XJWJ. 

 filro c'ton, KCtHinf <«ndl 

H oday 

If you've never used a 
Classified Ad, there's^ treat in store for you! 

It's so easy to exchange idle 
Items around your household for cash. All you have to do is dial 225-1666 
We'll help you word and place your ad, 

When you brine home the e»lr» caih Irom tltihod away gpods sold with a Want Ad. Everyone lovoi money, ind what Illtls womin wouldn't lov* lo clear out those Idle Hems In trade (or caih? Irtih or Ilillan, English. French, or lull plain Ameri- can - all the eyei In yom family will b« milling when yoj celebrate the "uvln1 ol the green" with 
• tatt-icllng WANTAO. 

Low-cod Want Ad* are eaty to place. A trt*n<Hy 
Ad-Visor will help you write your ad lo get the kind ol leiulli youll imlle I bout. 

WANT ADS 

DIAL 225-1666 

CLASSIFIED AD. DEPT. 

EXFRESSiwNEVVS 

VWNTADS 

KEEPTHINGS 

SELLING 

It your «ffer 

 before ^he 

 hundred* of 

 people wuth 

 cash to bt^y 

 who are \ 

 reading tht' 

: 

Want Ads Idi discover wherb 

 to spend it? • 

Don't lose 

 sales, .. 

And the ad cost ,o little . . . 2 linek, 

1o days in the 
EXPRESS and NEWS for $5.94.'. .Call 

225-1666 

TO 

QUICK 
CASH 

Is by selling lour use- able, but' no longer- neodod Hems with a 

WAf^TAD 

DIAL ^5-1666 
CLASSIFIED 

AttDEPT. 

EXPRESS 

 makel iQppen 

It's so easy to exchange those household items you no longer need for cash! 

All you have to do is dial 225-1666 
We'll help you word and place a low-cost ad telling the public what you'd like to sell. 

You can make it happen today! 

EXPRESS 

CLASSIFIED 

ADS 

Poge16-D 
H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April M, 1974 

Death 

Ill-Deaths 

ALVA 
Mr. Vicente Avola Alva 313 Miitord Dr. born In Luliag, Tex., July \9, KOI entered reft Saturday April 11. \V4 ot Ihe age ai ii yean, Mr. Alva had bten a resident al 
San Anlonfo for 5i Y«O"- Roiorv will be recited In Int Choptl Of Rgiet at Norm 
Park Morlgary Tuesday April X, al 1:oo p.m. Reaufcm M«$ v.111 be offered Wed- nesday April 17, at 12:C» Noon from SI. 
Gregory Colhollc Chorth Jflo Dewhuril 
Rd. with Fr, Gerofdo de la Garia of- llclofing. Concluding services will Follow 
En Foil Sam Houston Nntfanal Cemetery will (uH rnllitory Konais. Survivors: Wife, 
Mri. Adelto Alva Wildnian; ion, Harry 
Olivorrl Atva; listen, Etalia A. Soncfcei, 
Lucia A. Strna, Concepc)on A. Ruiij Tillle 
A1va; brothers, Joe, Cosnie, Carlos add 
FlrenlinoAlva all el San An!on:o. Services under Ihedfredian ol 

 arft 

JHurtuary 

511 fr>d«>kfciburg 
734-S3U 

BARR 
M(s. Alice L. Dorr, age sr, ol 33? MyrteV 
Street, patted away Friday ol a local 
HoinHal. Born in Tc-xa*. a former civil service worker at Kelly Field, a member of Horlandale Bop list Ctiurch, she had lived here lf\e past 33 yeari. Survivors: 
Son, Clifford G, Ban, daughter, MIL 
Diana Mary Robinson, biolhers. Guy C. and Regcr.old M. Holder, sisters, Mrs. 
C'ara Johnson. Mrs. Anne May Kiuemke. end Mrs. Vcrna White, 9 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren, Services: 
13:3o p.m. Tuesday at the Soulriside 

} Funeral Home chapel with interment, 

Nalionot Cemclervj Fort 5am Hauslon, 
Te*os. Oireclion al: 

63o1 S. FJor.i 
93I-«)}9 

DEEN 
Pvl. John N. Deen, USA, age 19, ol 381 
Second St., Schtrli, Tex , died Thursday in F). Koad, Tex. He was a member ol 
Scherli United MclhoJiil Church. Sur- vivors: Wife, Mri. Defcra DeCD, Son An. lonio, brother. Waller Mason Dfen, Jr; molher, Mrs, Lucy E. Detn, both of 
Schertz, T«x.; polertial grondmother, 
Mrs- Berlha M. Deen, Lonsmonf, Ccio.; srondlathcr, ROY L. Lilly, Tyler; numerous aunts and uncles. Service 
Tuesday al 9:33 tn Ihe Georgian Chapel of 
Jhp Porlpr Lorino,Mortuary, Iris Rev J, J 
FUlcMe, and the Rev. Meal MallhEv,! o(- fkiating. lulerrnenl with full mllilorv tiongrs In Fart Sam Hou&lon National 
Cemcterv. ArronqemEnti wilh 

GARZA 
Mrs. Minervo Oorio, ]!J S. Kearny, born in San Anfonlo, Texas March 25, inc. en. tared rest Thursdoy, April 11. 1974 ol me age o| H years M,s. cana hod been a 
Metime rejrdenl ol Saa Anlonlo. Roiory will be reciled In the Max Martinet 
Chooel, Sunday. April 14 at 7 p m 
Rcsurem Man \«in be offered Monday; 
April IS ot 9 o.m. from San Fernando 
Cathedral, 114 Military Ploia wilh Folher 
Joseoh Nyevo olficiating. Conclodino ser- vicei will lollow In Son Fernondo Ceme- rery No. 2. Survivors: Husbano-, Mr. Os- 
«or E. Gona; daughters, Mrs. Sara Gar- in, Mrs. 'Magdalena Urrabato, Mrs 
Minerva Ponce; siller, Mrs. Concna' 
Casonova; Orother, Mr. Frank Flores; 13 grandchildren ond cne greatgrandchild 
Services under Ihe direction ol 

2o15W. Morll<i 

1o4—Kimeral Dircclors 

Itl-Dealbs 

. 
Wallace P. Bowllk, 331 Uortlmt St., 
Boised owny la a toed nuptial Prldov, 
AprH 1>, 1«< o1 Hie MO ot <; years Surl vl. or;: Wile, Mri. Mory ji Gavtllk: daujh er, Karen Oaxlilt; !sni, Mlchoel and Jim Oa»li«; porenli, Mr. and AUs. 
Franh Gowl.k; brolfler, DIcX Gawlik; two nieces, all ol Son Antanlo. Relory wilt be 
'^«^, ">; OMcreil Chapel Sunaay, 
Awll 14o1 ;:» p.m. Srrylrei win oeHelo- t'r™?.1.1" o'BC'«I Chapel Monday, Aurll 
UnUlllOocil. followed by FunlrolMms in SI. Benedlcrs Colhoilc Church at !«•» a in. jilo Rev. Ted McNully as celebranl. 
Mr. Goniit was Ihe owner ol Ihe W. F>. 
Oawlik Elociric Co. and had been In Ihe eleclrlcal comracllna bullneil for Ihe post ii> years. He bad formerly been employed wilh Ihe City Public Service 
Board lor a Derloti ol 21 years. Trie remnlni w.ll lie In slate trom 11 a.m. Sun- day. unl.l time cl funeral service Moncfay morning. Arfon^cmcnli wilh • 

2ooo So.W.W. Whit* Rd. 337-1o&2 

GUARDIA 
Mri. Herlt-ndo V. Cuordlo, 83, 74S5 W 
Grammercy, died Fridoy, April 1?, l»74. 
Survivors: Daughteri Mn. Josephine 
Hiibrcok, Mrs. Carm*n Herncr^oi, Del 
Ria. Texas, grandchikfren, Dovid Adrian 
Hkibrook, Auit-n, Texas, Dtnnls Robert 
Hlibrook, >,lri. Janiti /lUGiH.cutfdy, Del 
Rio, Texas, Mrs. Joe Veiq^ei, San An- gsla, TCJCDI, numerous niocci ond neche-.vs, one greorqrar.ctctilld. Requiem 
Moss 3:oo p.m. Monday. St. Paul'i 
CalholiC Church. Inlernicnl In San Fer- nando 
Arch diocesan 
Cemetery. 

Arrangements by 

THE ANGEL US FUNERAL HOME 
3JM4J1 

HALTOM 
John Byron Holtom, aqe 17, of 43B 
Cloverleal, died Thursday. He was a member ol Grace Lutheran Church, 
Survivors: Wile, Mrs. Flo Kolrom; daughler, Mrs. Kenny Shjpp, phsenlx, 
Arir; ?.Ui. Josephine H. Hennlr.g, San 
AnlorJo; gromJson, J.J. Tftompwn. IV, 
Hila, Hawaii; granddaughter, Mrs. G.C. 
Sandeen, Costa Mesa, Coin., & great- grunachikldrcn. Private service was held Saturday ot 4:39 in Ihe Colonial 
Chapel of lae Porter Lorir.g MaMuorvi 
Ihe Rtv, M. David Fetter atliclatfng. 
Triose who desire may send mi morn: I qllli to ine charily ot Iheir choice. 
Arrangements wi!> 

Porter Lorini! 

HOIMcCUUCXIOH 227-8211 

HECKEL 

BlTl _ Wm. F. HcckcJ. AlSgl., (JSSF, 
Hg- Rel., born July !5, !!!> in 
. |=^ AODIelon, Wis., enlered rest 

Friday, Apr. 13, IV74 al Iheage 

 ol 75 years. Memorial services will be held Wed., Acrll 17 tn Ihe Alums Funeral 
Chcpeli ot 1o:3o a.m. wilh Rev Geo 
Schwoneaberg olficiaflng. Concluding services will toirow at Fl. Sam Koutlen 
Nalionol Cemetery. Sivvivori: Wife, Airs 
Mary Hechel, cily; son: Mr. William 
Alexander HpcXel, cily und brolhers. 
Messrs. Oicor Heckel ontt Arthur hcckel bolh of Applelen, Wis. Mr. Hecktl was a member ol 1lie Lulheron Church and Re- lirea service Pcrsonr.el Association. He resided in Saa Anlonlo lor Ihe post 3i years. Services urder l.k.e direction cl The 
LclonCudeFo.TW,.. 
„, 
.«»•»>»! 
N. Atom. , 

^Express/News^ 

Want Ads 225-1666 

Dtrtrtorr 

FUNERAL HOME 

 ttt>\ S. HORES 

927-6339 

John M. Grimes, Director 

 troakthiU 

[ 6 1oo S. Flores 923-7523 1 

8o56 Frcdericlah'g Rd 

696-7111 

ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME 

HENRY A 

JOJW.HOJSTON "• 

Downing-McCIaugherty 

I''ttntra( ]~)irccion u'ticc 

1322 North S/. Mary's D 227-22o6 

America's Finest Funeral Facilities 

BrooWyrt 

o, No> A|o 

 nn_ CTOI 
/25-5731 

&rtiwz 

227-6281 
5o15 W. MARIIM 
Partly $f;irk 

•«, 

655-6411 

 j 
H,,,, >«< ... w.,. 
(|f«-niicf 
OCiipii 
! miim atHni: 
() turial ((Huronc* 
(] Moviili 

I 
Chllfc Ini «nrf H/id 
N.m« 

< 
»•*•< iflj <d*m tu 
"°™ 

J 
Cily 
SlaFI 
,...Ph«nt , 

• - 
< • 

191-IVilks 

JAMES 
' 
• 

Mrs. Lflt (Htlen) Jomet 7o cl »fn 
"Ml well Av»., dl,d April l)|h. Rtlldtnl ot San Antinte JO ytnrl. Survlvan: Sen, 
Bobby C. Jamcl. SUKri, Mrs Evclvn 
Archtr, Mn. Mvrlkt Carroll, nil ol Son 
AnlgnlB. Severol n^tcBl, ntphfwrs oad a foil ol friends. Service). 1 p.m. Monday 
Aorll ism.. Kit Aktri Funeral cnopeli. 
Inlernwnl Sen Jos« Ourlal Park. 

22J-72o1 

KALLENBERG 
Mn. Anna KalttnKrg. ogc »1, ol 71t Eoil 
JJi St., lloutleo. T«.. and Thcriday in hot cll». She wo> a nienioer «l 2lon 
Lulfteran Church, houiion, and Loulie 
Schuelie Lodge No. J, Hermann Son>. 
Survlvori: Oaughtr, Mrs. John Church, 
Mention; brolhcr. 
Olio 
Llndlg, 

Frederlcliiljurg; iliter, Mlsi Adele Lin. dig, Yorklown; ff n,umb«r ol nieces ond nephewj. Service Mondov ol 1 o'clock In 
1he Colonial Chcptl ol me Porler Loring 
Merluary, l&e Rev. E.H. RodeolliclolJng. 
Pallbeorcrl: Millon Schornfconl, Kurl 
KollenHfrg, E.H. Rode olliclaliaa. Poll- bearers: Millon Scharnhorsl. Kurt 
Kalleriberg, A.D. Kommloh, Douglas 
Parsons, 
John Martinez, George 

Slepheson. Inlermenl In Uoselawrt 
Memorial Park. Arrangements w.in 

LAWSON 
Mri. Frances T. Lowson, cffed Thursday. 
She was a reslden tot Alamo Helghn for n 
VCD/S, ord v»at a noted sthcol feather In 
Ihe Alamo Helghli tchsol system lor i; years, and broug&T to her sludenls per- sonal occountingi ol her rich exoeriences clnei Ir cm trips araynrt Ihe wotftJ. Her lushand. Colonel Ernest H. Lawscn, wai kilted In World War it. Mrs. Lawson is remembered as a giving schoal teacher, a oving aunt and a loyal friend. She li sur- vived iy 
-1 nephev.i> 1 niece, and ? 

 iisters-L-i-raw. Atemcrial iervlce Tuesday it 1o: 33 in MornirigsKJe Manor Chcncl,*D2 
Babrcck Rood, the Rev. AMhur Oecson 

 raikit}. Arrangements wilii 

Porter Lorlnit 

MARROTT l«^^ "Mr.ArlhurMairoM. of, Reseda, mg3 
Calif., born A or. 2, ms in 

E=S3 
Pleaiant Grove. Utah, enlered 
• ** resl Tfurjday Aprilil, 1J71 in 

Reseda, Co!il. at Ihfc age ol i? years. Ser- 

 s are aendi^g. Lalcr announce nie.iis 

 will he made. Alamo Funeral Home. 

N. Alom* al 

McSHANE 
AUs. Emma Scbracder McShar.o, age IS, ol 4o3 Eldan Road, died Wednesday. Sur- vivors: Son, Rev. David McShane, 
Kalamaioo, Mich.; daughter, Mri 
Thamas 
Folflrc. 
San 
Anfonfo; 

Srnndchirdreni, Michael McShane, 
Kal = n>at«&. f.Uch., Mrs. Jae Meador, San 
Antonio, Mrs. J, Brooke Lalhrom, 
Mcmphii, Tenn^ Misi Joy McShune, Mhs 
Miriam McShane, Miss Kathleen 
Mc$r-ane, all of Kalamozco, M^ch., great grandchildren. Bobby Mc-cdor, Son An- fonio, Rebecca Lothrom, McmDhls, 
Tcifn.; iiiCer, Mri. Perry Marfon, Lin- coln. Heb. Memo r fa I service Monday ot H o'clock ol SI. Mark's Epiicoool Church, thF Rt, Rev. Harokf C. Goincll ofhCiaKng. 
Mrs. Me S bane wai senl to Lincoln. 

'Icbrasdo, lor service and interment in' 
Ihe Wvuka Ccmelery. Arrnngrmrnts wiiri 

Rorter Lorini! 

11o1 McCUUOUGH 227 8221 

MELOTT 
Mai. Marshall Row Mctott 74 U.S. Army 
Retired: ol Sun Aqlonio died April 1o 
Resident a! San 2ft years. Mr. Mclclt is 

 ived by his brother Ralph Metolt of 

 lollimore. Mid., Ond a host ol Irlends. 
Graveiide service^ and Interment 9:4s' am. Monday, April is. Fl, Sam Houston 
Nation a ICemelery with Mi'ilary Honsrs,, 

226-72o1 

MERRITT 
Mrs. Charles Millon (Nettie) Merrill; of 
47o1 Blanco Rd., died Friday. She wus o 

 ember af SI. Mark's Episcopal Church. jrvivori: Daughters, Mrs. Paul ISis] 

Hamble, Mrs. Fred Uconnetle] Sanders, 

 ol San Antonio, Mrs. Thomas [Dillie} wrij Houston; granddaughlers, Mrs. 

George Rlchmon, Mrs. F. A. Sanderj, Jr., both el San An Ion ID, Mrs. Resa St Meyer, 
Houston; Iwo qrcot grandchildren. 
Graveside service Monday ol 1:3o at, 
Sumet Memorial Park, iric Rev. Raljrd 
A. Timberlake ollickiling. Arran-jcmenls w.tn 

Porter L»rinj( 

11o1 MrtlULKXJOH 227-U» 

1o1—funeral Directors 

M.E. RODR(GU£Z 
FUNfRAt HOME 

Pre-Nced Arrangements 

511 Guadolupe St. 

226-6U1 

Srllrr^t 

5ooo So.W.W. Whilo 8d- 337-4oB2 

Righi no'jj is a good time 

 to ask for our booklet. 

It's Iren. Jusi phone 

227-3136 

Riebe-Saunders 

Chapels iii,119 N. St. Mary's 

Ill-Dfatks. 

MARTINEZ 
.. 

Mr, Juan o. Marflnri *1o Qaiiey SI, born luDnrv-ln/TcXj June!*, Itlleflifred rcsl 
Friday April U, m< at Ihe age of 71 ytarj, Mr,.Morl>n«i had b.qen a reildent 
Ol Safl Antwilo Ior6< xarj, Roiary will be retired in the MQK Mailiaei dune) Sun- day April 14, at 4:oo p.m. Reqekni Malt vttfl be oiiered Monday April U- at f;oo a.m. Iroin St, Margaret Mory Calollc 
Church 13)4 Fair Avf. with Fr. Leo Dolan, otllclallng. Concluding icrvlcei will Eailow in San Fernando Cemetery No. 1. Sun vlw«n: Wile. Mri. Maria C. Martinet; daughter*, Mri, ciiberi (Roslel Per«i, 
Mrt. Ray (Qi»rta) Federico; teni, Rudy 
G. Merlin, Johnny Marrineii Glib* r I Mar- linei; dautKiers-ln-low, Mn. Julie I Mar. tinei, Mri. Mkinle MarNaez; iwii In law, 
Gilberl Perci^ Ray Federlca; tillers, 
Mist Tamailla Martinet, Mrs. Dora 
Caneda, Mri. Barbv Morales; brolhtrij 
Gilbert MarMnei and Raul Marlinei. \t grand children, numerous otker rckiHves and IrEtndi. Service! under (fit direction 

PETERSON 
" ~ &_ 
Dr- Waller L. Pelerion, Col, 
S 
US Aimy, Ret., ni '.VyarWKc, 
^, barrt March u, l»3j, m Fair- 

_ .^- niont, Minn., cnlered reil 
Friday, Apr. 13, 1971 uf ite oge of n fears. Memorial leryicei \vlli be herd 
Mernfay, Apr. is at the Fort Sam Motion 
Notional Cemelery with Full Military 
Honors al 13;is a.m., with Rev. John F. 
Daraeli o<rfclali.i9. Surv.von: Wife, Airs. 
Helc.T J. Peterson, city; daughter, Mn 
Peter (Kay) Comliara*, BayvlUe, N j - 
'on. Dr. Waiier L. Peterson Jr . of Son 
Frncisco. Calif.; jlsteis, Mmei. Jennie silcn, Manhair. Alinn.. Eslher Couf- 

 lon, St. Pool, Minn, and Ruin Pointer. 
Fairmont, Mian.; brolhcr, Mr. Vernon 
I'eTerion, Polrmoni, Minn; oni two jrondcnildren. Dr. Peterion was an lonorary member o( Afoha Omcgo Alpha socrely, member ol American College of 
Surseoni, American Medical Aisocrafwn 
Texas Medical Association, San Anlonio 
Aledlcol Society and Texas rnorncic 
Society and was o resident ol Son Anlonlo me oast H years, llonorory caskel- bearers wiH be: Gen. James Belhen, Gen. p™V win"1"11"' Cen' Arltrjr lroni' Co1- 
Roger Miller, Col. Rolph Marx Col 
Wayne Horttnian. col. Richard Seebach ontJ Moi. Jonathan Cosid. Under the 
• ' e c h s n en The Lebn Cude Family. 

N.AIam. at 

POWELL 
Mrs. Eddie L. (Meiba Lee) Powell, age 67, ot 473) Blanco Rd.r died Saturday She was o member ol Jefferson United 
Mclhodist Church. Survivor*: Husband, 
Eftfie L. PowEll; ckivghlcri, Mn Me*bn 
Parrolt, Ho'jslon, Mn. Jeannie Corlcv, 
Scatlle, Wash.; 3 grcndchildrc-n; mother, 
Mrs. Inei McDaniel. broiler, Ted 
McDaniel, bolh of Sam Anlanto. Service 
Monday al 2 o'clock in Ihe Georgian 
Chapel of Ihe Porter Loring Mortuary, lh« 
Rev. Earl McArlhur officiating. Pall- bearers: T,C. Huddle, Charle% Collins, 
Doaglas Burrii, Curlii Voutjhan, Jr., 
Tommy Tullos, Sam Powell. Honorary 
Pallbearers: CloudKcllnm, Dr, Rowan E. 
Fiiftcr, Tom H. fiurqer, Clilton V. Gcarge, 
R. 8. [Bob] Powell, Harmon Parrol. W. A. 
Cor ley, Jim Ray. Dr. E. D. Dumas, Harold 
M. Freeman, Llovd Kirk. Those who deilre may «nd memorial oiTIs Jo the 
Molhodiit Mission Horn? al Tevns 1^87 
Vhilby Rd. ?SJ18. Arrangemcnii wii.i 

Porter Lorintf 

11o1 McCULXOUGH 5:7-822| 

RAU 
Urj. Laura M. Rau, age 9o, of 474 loverleof, died Thursday. She wai o 
•nenber al Redeemer tvlfeern Cfiurch urvivors: DauaTiler, Mti. Patrick C. 
ILeona) Doherty, Sort Anlgnll; shler-ln- aw.Mn.Augusla Rcedenbeth, Ft. Smilh, rk. Service Monday al 11 o'clock fll 

Redeemer Lulheron Church, [he Rev. 
:rlc E. Wagner officiating. Those vjho leslre may send memorial gilts lo 
Redeemer Lutheran Church, or to the charily ot their choke. Following Iti? icr- vlce here, Mrs. Rau will be sen) to St. 
.harles, Minonri for service and Inter- ment in tmanuel Lulheran Ccmclciy 
Arrongcmrnli wilh 

Porter L«rint{ 

SCHOWLER 
Hev. Mr. Herbert Schowler, if, ol New 
Rraunrcli, entered res) Friday, April U ar the cgp ol i?. Rosary vrHi be at J;13 p.m 
Sunday in Dacppcnschmfdl Funrra 
Hcmc, New Braunfeis. Services will be al 
3:3o p.m. Monday In the Funeral Home w.lhMass al 4 p.m. in SI. Pcler and Paul 
Catholic Church, New Brauntels. En lambment will be in t&e St. Pe!er and Paul 
Cemetery. Survivor Wife, Mrs. Julia C 
Schowler, New Draunfeli; daughter, 
Laurie Ann Scnowtcr; sons, Gerard, Gale 
Pfltr; slsleri, Marcclla Bane, Burbonk, 
Calif, crd Loirclnc Witfkcurskl, Affenfon, 
Wise.; brother, Fredr College Place, 
Waih. Key. Mr. Schawlor was a deacon ol 
1he Roman Calhcllc Church. He was a ir.ember of Ihe Knlghls of CoHjmhui, Ihe 
AmerictnLcgCon, the Kcly Name Sociel 
1' 

 and the Nallanal Guard. GHH may be ler.lto the Hcarl Fund, Ihe church orgo: find or for Mais olf.crir.gj. 

Ooepnenschrtildf Funeral Keme 

SUTER 
Edgar Dlalr Suler, atjo 53, of JSi Cheiry 
Ridge Dr., died Friday. He was a member of Waodlawn Christian Church. Su- vlvers: Wife, Mrs. Dorothy Suler; son 
M-ichacl Siler, Slreamwocd, in., winiai 
Surer, San Antanls; dfl-jflhfcr, Mrs. Vtvia 
Frlli, Irving, Tex.; i grandchkldrrn brclher, Al:en KlrX Suler, Dallas. Servlc 
//cmiflY alf o'ctccV In Ihe Cobnlol Chap ol the Porter Loring Mortuary, the Re 
B. L. Brown cHielating. Pallbearers: Jac 
Kelley, Dob Moore, James Fritz, H. [ 
Livingston, Tom McKeown, Hawar 
Baldtvln. Interment In Sunset Memsrii pcrfc. Arrangements vtilh 

Porter Lorintf 

UOIMcCULKKIGH 127-6221 

STUTZ 
Mri. Juanita James Slulr, tf, 13; w. 
Ridje^ood Dr., died Tburstfar Aoril II, 
19/4. Survivors: Kusband.Mt. Pcul 51ut*. sls'cr Mrs. Sara Loiar.o, brother Mr. Al- 

Scf.elbner. Rotary SunSov ?:M p m. The 

Reauiem Moss 9am. Our Lody of Grace 
Colhslfc Church. Interment In Son Jote 
Burial Poik. Arrangemenli by 

THE ANDELUSFUNERAL HOME 

TANZOLA 
Mn. Ooroihy Eolon Taniolo, a^e 47, el 
*4o Graham Rd., died Saturday. Sur- vivors: Husband. LI. Col. Vincent Ton- 
Join; d&ufiMirt, Shorron fl/oydd. Gam- bler, Onio, Gnvfe Hannum, Wlchila Falls. 
Tex.; son, Biyan Tanieln, Son Anlonls; pcienli, tAi. and Mrs. George R. Caisn, 
Bailie C/eek. Mich; ililer, Dliile Jean 
Will ami. Cedar Rapids. Iowa. Memorial lervjce Mir. Jay a! 4 o'clock In Ihe Main 
Poil Chapel al Fort Sam Houston, 
Chaplain Henry Jonas cKklaUn?. Mrs 
Ton/ols will be jcnl h Aillrqtan Haliorai 
Cemetery for icrvice and mlemienl 
Arranijtmenti with. 

11o1 McCUU(X>GH22T B22I 

ZIMMERLE 
Mr. Alex fimmerie 2t53 Ruli 51. bom in 
Son Anionl»r Tex, June 3. us; entered rest Friduy Apnl I?, itM at Ihe oat of U years. Mr. J! I m merle had been a me resldtnl o( San Anfanlo, Rotary win be rented In the Max Mariinei chapel Sun- day Apn1 u, o| /:]» p rn. R*qukm Mast wril be offered Mer.tfay April |J, a! 11:36 o.m. from C fir lit The Kins Co lh otic 
Church 1i\6 Per«i SI. vr^lh Fr. Lawrer.Cf 
MolulD elliclahng. Conttvding servJcfli will fella* In Sen FtrnoDdo Cemilery lip 
> SurvJvon: V^jfe Mn. Margarita Mar- tmer. Step Molher, Mrs. Mariana Zlm- merle; tfaughler, Janle Hmmtr\e; ions, 
Otorge, Fred, Rnvmundo and Joe Zlm- merle; slslers, Margarlla FeEan, Joselm* 
I. Torrei; brother, And/ei Chn«ei. 1o grand chlftfren. Srrnkti under the d.rec- 
"'" 

Want Ads 

 lOWorrfi 1o Tim.i la.oo 

Coll 225-1466 

Eastertinie 

At the Beach 

Sunworshipers, especially college and high school students, pack the beach of 
Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Eastertime at the South Florida beach is not only church, but sunburns and making new friends. — AP Wirephoto. 

A1,VA, Vicenlc Avalii, C5. of 

23o Milfonl Dr. Mass at noon 
Wednesday al St. Gregory's 
~?alholic Church. 

BAKU, Mrs. Alice I.., 67, of 

3o2 Myrick St. Services al 12:3o ii.ni. Tuesday ;il Smitlisidu 
Funeral Hcimu. 

C.'UAKDIA, Mrs. Hci lincla V., 

83, of 2C55 W. Graniincrcy Ft. 
M;iss al 3 p.m. Monday at SI. 
Paul's Catholic Church. 

HIiCKEL, 
William 
[•'., 

M.Sjjl. USAI'' rol.. 75, of Sail 
Anloiiio. Services al 1o:.'1o a.m. iVedncsdny at Alamo Funeral 
Home. 

ALUSKA, 
Dominic Joe 

•D.J.," 63, Hobson, Mass at 'I i.m. Sunday at St. Boniface's 
Catholic Church, llubsoii. 

JAMES, Mi-s. Lois Helen, 7o, 

 of !Ki23 Rnosevclt Avc. Services at 2 p.m. Monday at Roy Akcrs 
Funeral Chapels. 
_ 

1o2-Card ol Thanks " 

Mcmorium 

Mr. &Mr&.Murray Ne 

We wish lo c* or ess our sincere IfcanVs lo ncmany friends end neighbors who gave 
Iheir kindness, symcalliy and tfauiilut floral clfering during the illness anddcom cl wjr loved ones. 
Mis. Mary Nevois Stevenscn and family, 
Ms. Rosemarv E. Novels, Mrs. Lee (Tcnl 
Ncvclst Howcll and Mi.Cindy fleveJs 

1o3-Florlsls-Flowcrs; 

FOR EASTER 
Jii'n ll^liffay fewer Shu;' " 

IOIY-MY ROVHIS 

's FWn'i I G In 

7M-J4I1 

HWiliSKOWISriOP • 
«. Si. FrMkrvriyiiS'lE 

FLOWERS Br JO 

LAWSON, Mrs. Francos T., 

 of San Antonio. Services at 
1o:3o a.m. Tuesday al Mor- ningsidc. Manor. 

LEONARD, Mrs. Klhcl S., 

87, of San Antonio. Services at 
3:3o p.m. Monday al St. Paul's 
United Methodist Church. 

MARTINEZ, Juan G., 71, of 

MO Bailey St. .Mass at !l a.m. 
Monday al St. Margaret Mary's 
Catholic Church. 

MrSHANK, Mrs. 
Kinma 

Scliroudcr, 85, of 4o8 JJldon lid. 
^Services at 11 a.m. Monday at 
St. Mark's Episcopal Church 

MELOTT, Marshall Ross, 

74, of San Anlonio. (Iraveside services at S:45 a.m. Monday at 
Fort Sam Houston National 
Cemetery. 

MEKlilTT, 
Airs. 
Charles 

Millon (Nellie), of C7o1 Blanco 
Rd. Graveside services at 1:3(1 p.m. 
Monday al 
Sunset 

Memorial Park. 

I'OWiai., Mrs. Kddic L. 

(Melba Lee), o7, of Ii7l)l Blanco 
Rd. Services al 'I p.m. Monday al Porter Lorini; Mortuary. 

SCHOWLER, Rev. Itcrijcrt, 

57, New Braunfeis. -Services at 
4 p.m. Monday at St. Peter and Paul's Catholic Church, 
NewJiraunfcls. 
.SOTKI.O, Adcla A., 
.?5, 

Uvaldo. Services al 4 p.m. 
Monday uf Sacred 
Heart. 

Caltmlic Church, Uvalde. 

SUTEH, Edgar Blair, 5J, of 

.155 Cherry Ridge Dr..Services al o a.m. Monday al Purler 
I.orinK Mortuary. 

Si'lJTZ, Mrs. .Fuanila James, 

G7, of 137 W. Ri<lHe«wxl Dr. 
M;iss at 9 a.m. Monday at Our 
I.ady of Grace Catholic Clinrch. 

'I'AN'XOLA, ' Mrs. 
Dorothy 

ICaton, 47, of -IGO Grnhiini lid. 
Services at 4-p.m. Monday at 
Fort Sam Houston .Main Post 
Chapel. 

/IMJIERLE, Alex., CG, of 

28o3 Ruiv: St. . Mass at 11:3o a.m. Monday al Christ the Kiny 
Catholic Church. 

_ 
Gimn noils! 

3(1 Slli 

OKH»U)l«Ct 
_ 

"1*o IS! ROMS SHOP 

 eli fron S< •» 

FANNIES FLOWEII SHOP ' ' 
- 

IVr«YDAYOf1HIYIMI 
ORCHIDS $3.5o up 
CARNATIONS 25< 

'MUM PIAMTS $1.98 im 

 ojGLADmLAS49< 

DAvrirLowiiiHor*."' . 

 i«ti*/ou*unr—fr-«i>r*/nowri5 
___IVIIirOAYOFtHI tlAII 

,IKFFERSO,N GVI-TKRY 

. . . tlcan of envoys 

Charreada 
Scheduled 

San Anlouio Charros will 

 compete in a charreada with charros from Mexico al 'i p.m. 
Sunday. 

The charreada and other ;tc- 

 livilies will he held al the 
Charro Hanch, adjacent lo 
Mission County Park. 

Morning events include an 

Easter Eyg Hunt fur children under the age of 1o. There will be a griMSpd pig contest for children 12 years and older. 

The Escarnmiidiis Charms 

 will demonstrate (heir skill in riiliiiK during the charreada. 
The girls range in age from 1:1 to IB. 

Entrance fee is 51.511 adults. 

Children under 12 arc admitted free. 

Dccn Services 
Set Tuesday 

SCIIEI117, (Spl) - Services 

 for Army i'vl. .Inhn Dccn, 1!), formerly of here, will be at !):.1ll a.ur. Tuesday al Porter f.oriug 
Morluary. 

He died Thursday at Knrl 

Hood when he was pinned l>ene;ilh a jeep after it over- turned. 

Survivors include his wife, 

Mrs. Dclira Diieii, San Antonio; brother, Walter Mason Deen 
•Ir., and mother, Mrs. I.ncy E. 
Deen, bolh of Schorl/. 

Burial will be in Fort Sam 

Houston National Cemetery. 

Ex-Envoy 
Caffery 
Is Dead 

ASSOCIATED'PRESS 

LAFAYETTE, La. 

— Jefferson Caffery, 
87, died Saturday. 

He ranked us (Iran of Hie U.S. 

 diplomatic corps before his re- tirement in 1955. 

Caffery hart been hospitalized 

 jfor the hist several weeks fol- lou-ing.t f.ill ieinliiclihe'bnikea hip. Hospital officinls said lie suffered complications after an operation. 

Fie held the distinction .of 

 having served as chief of mis- sion longer tlian any other for- eign service officer in Amer- ica's history, holding tlic rank of ainlKtssiit.lorfor2oycars. 

President Dwigiit D. Eisen- 

 hower labeled Caffcry's career 
"brilliant" when he left his last post, anibassudovto Egypt. 

Caffery was ap|x>iiitctl to Ihat 

 inibiissadorsfiip in 
1!)19 by 

President Harry S. Truman aiiii played a major role in settling 
British-Egyptian disputes over 
Suez Canal bases. 

Asked to Stay 

He was asked lo stay an 

 nearly three years .-ifler normal retirement age U> handle Amer- ican affairs in that hotspot. 

 lie was sent to Egypt from 

France, where he had licen tlte first ambassador to lilierak'il 
France. He reopened the em- bassy in Paris, which had lx>en • closed during Die German occu- pation, and .served as chirf of mission during one of I lie most critical periods In Krancn- 

Ameriran relations. 

Gunshot 
Victim Dies 

Charles I.CH Williams, 5-1, of 

2o35 Hayes St., died Saturday ill Simla Rosa Hospital from a gunshot wound hn received 
April I). 

Police said he was shot wilh a 

.22 caliber bullet a f t e r a domestic argument. 
Xc, 

 charges have been filed. 

Vital Statistics 

HIItTHS 

Born lo: 

Mr. ;ind Mrs. 

Erasma M. Ochoa, 5or Mary SI., girl 
DoMleo o. Rocho, Jr., 3?]j Eldrldge, 

 boy. 
.Alelandro G. Palnnca, 9o1 v/. Win* n-peg, boy. 

James A. Qynuni, Sr., 3-1} Anton, boy 
Koberlo Corler, US Ebbt.de Dr , cirl 
Gonialo V. Puenle, Jr- SB14 Mogncjs 

Aguerto R. Marlener 6V Dol!ai, girl. 
Indaleclo De La Pcno, 72J Ctirmen 

Place, boy. 

Armando Gallea, Sr., 31J S. San 

Gabriel, bay. 

Larry D. Tropp, 6C33 MIUCTOV;« Ho. 

KS, hovs (Iwlns). 

Ted M, Solono, 51J Duvol, oirj. 
Domingo M. Vosqjcr, 16H Vera Crur, girl. 

Euieblo Munli, 7;n WeifrocV, hoy. 
David R. Lien, 11?) Schley, boy. 
Afbert E. Gonraftl, 1S2) CadU, boy. 
James c. Wall, II? v/. Wkinioeg, Lay. 
Rofcerl C. Torres, ?Ji Paromwnl, olrl. 
Alexander Moreno, *(o? uatllwoou*, 

 boy. 

Claudo Harpar, 1(7 W. $ou1hcrcsi, 

 bay. 

Arluro o. Accbedo, SSI Fitcn, girl. liulallo AFvarei, Io1 MkVlelotm, girl 
I'otrJdo U. Agulllcrv, loll V/. Amber, 

Old. 

Rlcurdo Y, Perei, 7Ii Talt, girl. 
Charles VI. Peoples, HI. I flox IA, 

Gilbert L. Moreno, IS1 t>. Snn Her- 

 lords, boy. 

Ter«to R. Leper, HOI £. Lur«do, t-ay. 
Anlhonv 
S. 
Cuvaiot, 
4H v;. 

Soulhcrotl. boy, 

Wnll.r J. SvnJefMn, ,*o)t San Pedro 

No. Kt( flirl. 

Jarnti Santhir, 3f?r R. Mouilon, h»y. 
Anarw J. Gorcfa, IJ7I Posarfinrj, glrf. 

Raymond C, Moor*, 41)1 C, llouilon, 

Qlrl. 

Rtgillo A, Futnfti, UH Ckaminaili, 

 girl. 

AnlorWo Maclai, >» Tolr, gfil. 
Jl* R, Conlfirai, U4 Ravelin, hay. 
R.thord C. Ball, JOt Oakt«al, girl. fiitt-.ord Vf. Smufnv, 111 Thirntil, hoy, 
LtcwwirJ J. Pitlui, 511 OklcryaVon Ho. ft, bay. 

Charles R. James, 
4o9 Dolling, 

.acklund Air Force Base, Qlrl. 

Elderio H. Cantu. 4SSS V/. MaiKn, boy. 
Jo'in, c. Dell, 1S19 Indian Desert, alrL 
Caye L. Daiher, 1119 Jamar Uo. 119, fir I, 

Michael L. Schtllcld, nidg. 3111 No. 

>)B, Rontfo'pti Air Force Daie, girl. 

Tony H. flu^n, 741 v/. Dlcksan (Jo 431, 

 boy. 

Gregory L. DaugMy., 6*}4 VJrOkle Cl. 

 tio. 7, girl. 

Tfiamni M. Clionce, 4C3 Temar Ho. 

14o, Mi.l. 

/AARRIftot LICENSES ISSUED 

Donald Wayne Hoyt, 411 ilhSt., and 

Julia Caimiano Ryhar, 33o W. Cheryl. 

Rogelia Tr«vlno. 113 Fleila. and Olarla orcr.o, 211 Oarrera. f.Uchcd Gene Harper, 111o Kc-ndalia, 

 and rlcten Denlie Smith, Si/ Avandoie. 

Jehn Lee Slocy Jr., OklatiomOj and rcfldo Hope Mews, Mew York. 
Edmond Jotecvti Lerewx Jr^ ?114 Oak larvor, and Linda Garcia, 111 Co^alltr. 
Richard Carrlzales, 914 ftuli, and 

R«sllo CflHro, 111 Viohla. 

Rob«rl Jcromo Ck«ro/ U6 M-Uvtood, 
3d Cynlhki Louise Oavenoorl, 114 Mill- 

 woort. 

Frank Apoti Jr., J6I Slnw^ onrt trtno 

Cqyll, iO) V/. Theo. 

 lymond Corlinai Uunpz Jr., Hf W. 

Wny Or., and Eluabetti Tamet Pent, 
17o1 W. Motoni, 

Julian Rult Drill and Vlccnla Leon 

Ctrvanlei, BSU1S San. Fernanda St. 

 tsoha oomar rior«l and Teresa Ann 

Can&a, 474 Nolan SI. 

Frank Florti, JCJ SchocJ, aoj Anna 
IcrJfl tll[«ndo, 311 E. Whillir, 
Gary Ctpplidg« drown, N.C.. and brlsllnt Rulti Wigman, V;il. 
Oeni Grwln wmioni, i/» Prii. and 
AtVinlo Jayni f'trtol, P.O. OOF (Oil. 

Karl Alhtrl Wibtr Jr., 111? Ktnlucky, 

 ond Mark) Argelia Caitniilila, ]]| vnn- do. 

Rlc^D^d V*l/orricl Oorclo onrf Roia 
Bo OloJ, 11o7 Hatkbtrry. 
R«mr GuiiavD Du(*ier l*n Wnn, unit 

Lyciio neuron, }MF Cfildifrfom. 

Gyirott >l«nry Liciiir Jr,, fUrfh 

Dpkoio, and Mary ffanc«i Cannon, |}ii 

Charlli Alfxrl Ihomnt, i]} rtrrh, irH OwinUolm Jarco Ftimlngi, JOJA 

Hfinut litlraUa Rodr^guir, MlnottiJ, 

 imi r lor mo J«on FrJai, 117 V/, )4ih. 

Eorl Wlllred Ooiron, I1JS W. Villarct, 

 and Louis Smith Dupcnl, UU Sthiey 

Randy Lcc Andcrion ami NnonH 

Darlfr.t Eashvood, Watfllrtaloct. 

Fl«nakl Snmuel Hoyal and Caila Anti 
Tyler 331o Cola. 

Gony V/oyne GUlospl*. Oklahoma, ana 

Drenda Lculic Slcveni, Virginia 

OonoU Roy Lavolaii anj EUd:c Louiic 

Wade, 31? SlcrUng St. 

Jamci Manhctll Hnrhln Jr., gin 

Glenhoro, nnd Shcrrle Lynn Mingle, oixfj, 
Luclono Joic Vriliela Jr., UIB C $an- alwoad, and Dole ret ROJUV ID plain- 

Fr«tferlcV t=tiri Love, CcUfamla, and f'olrrtto Roi8 Carltoit, OIXo. 

Robeit Jesus Puofl, no 1oM oivii., unri 

Adelo Pacheco. loi v/. V/lnni^eg. 

WIIHam Thomni Frieienhahn nnd grinds Luc.iit Lenpo, HI. j, no* IMA 
Juon Jaie Frouslo Crui nun Vlctoiia 
:nirUa Gar in, 73K Jomeriei Rj 
PtilillD Vorstoad Thompun. 3is c 

Terra Alln , and Linda 
Chary! 

Jame* Michael Burrli, Auilin ami 

Susan Joyco Oonawjlr. 4114 Henht* 

Kellh Edwflrd PltMnll, Ion D/tib. 

Kennciti Oane T«meril«t and Worv 

Lw*llo Tomorlin, Hi Hnrciurl 
• 

VJlllium tlnwood GoodB and M urn 

Mog.iaiena rra*, 17li Aunin nWVlJ AP( 

^I'rlty, Harriet rnio nmt vemon Lee 

V/lnnek, J»an I.ei ami Diuilai 
Runilre/, fJornui Ann nrd peip c jr iwiio11'«.wnl Al aml ^onnu M. 
Wolkirj V/nnna F. nnd Unlnli L 
Looiir Ruul D. anil CDflln o. 

^WaMtcK, Itarofn novitt and »nn<v 

Hnlo1'/1"1*11* Jr- °n'1 "nrla • 

Pirklni,' Arlhlr D? ond'Xi^Iv Jr' 
LjwIijMnrUm Hull, Dnn o,&",'„„ 
Mri« Tflrr|nt° o. CJfTH MflfJ™! 

J«"MKoS7.:'Mnr'**Btflflrf^»W 

£> EXPRESS-NEWS 
OCENE 

Sunday, 

April 14, 1974 

"If Christ be not 

 risen, the dreadful consequence is not that death ends life, but that we are still in our sins, still the slaves of lust and hatred and envy, jealousy and greed." 

Ky Uavitl I'ollnj; 

Easier is Hie great festival 

 of the Christian year. H.has all the sountls nf rejoicing all llu- celebration colors, all the words of victory. I'm a host uf believing people, tiasler murniug was the real begin- iiiuy of life. 

In the early 192os. a((er the. 

 misery ami ghmm „; \VorM 
\Var I, G. A. Slmldeil Ken- nedy, Hie Anglican vicar uf.Si 
Anil's iu),| chaplain i,, ||lc 
KiiiB "f Knglaml, |inl down jn a few sentences ihc enduring me.ssagc of ICaslcr: 

"II Clirisi be nut riii'ii, tlic 

* is 

 ilreadful consequence is not 
-thai death ends life, but thai ire arc still in our sins, still the-slaves of lusl and hatred 
:ind envy, jealousy and 

 greed," 

Kennedy had been a 

 eliaplain in Ihc trendies. 
Later lip was awarded the 
Military Cross for bravery. 
This experience gave him a 
"frunl-linc theology," und' 

 awareness of Hie proxtmily of ilcalh siirroinidiiiy life. Sri lie eon Id say frankly and per- sniiiilly to his home 

 congregation: 

"To (lie first Chrislians. Iho 

 great njcjmin;; of die 

Hcsnrrctlion was thai in the 
Hiscn (Jhrisl they found mil merely an assurance uf sur- vival in another world, hut a 

Saviour who set them free from slavery in tlii.s . . . u js the same joy that links us down through the ages". 

The two-fold point of Hasler 

 needs constant review by UK.- 
Christian Church: Dial Jesus not only was raised from the dead, bill Itiat his will and word and spirit accompany 
Ihose who chouse to follow him. 

This was ihc essential 

Iliumc of .John Uiinyan in 
"Pilgrim's Progress." Will- ing from a prison experience in England of almosl 3oo years ago, IHinyan was t» 
(lerumisfrale (he presence of 
Hie Risen Christ for those who seriously accepted his 

 promises. 

Easter brings not only liopc 

 but direction — i( offers com- panionsliip to the seekers of 
(Jin). As Hunyan described Hie 
\\a.v furChrisMaiis: 

"Then the pilgrims de- 

 sired, wilti trembling, to go - forward; only Iliey prayed their guide tu strike u lighl, lliat they might RO (he rest of the way by the help of the liKhl of thn lantern. So he struck a light, and Iliey went by the help of that In rough the real of this way, though the darkness was very great." 

Christians see in Easier 

 iiinrisc. the merging light for their day, (lie company uf pilgrims sharing a journey, and Hie conviction that (lit1 

 end with Christ will be joy indeed. 
Resurrection Window 

Tnvfnl 
Martha Beer, left, and Nan Matthews engage in dresses." The white basket holds wooden eggs hand- 

JU_yiUl 
'hoppy1 talk about Easter. For the sophisticated 3- painted by Nan's mother for neighborhood children, a 

 year-°lds, 'he multi-faceted, joy-filled day will include 
Matthews' Iradition. Parents are Mr. and Mrs. James 

Sunday School, Flowering of the Cross, baskets, egg 
P. Beer and Mr. and Mrs. 
Russell Matthews. 

 hunts, bunnies, family, friends and these "Easter 
Colorphoto by John G. Tarsikes. 

A Tisket, A Tasket. 

Jly Jane Dllirlch 

One of my first 

Easter dresses was hand-cmbroidcrcd in 
England GO years ago. 

It was already an heirloom 

 when I wore il. and il's wailing in the cedar dies! now for another lillle girl. 

• 
Another year. I begged 

 for—ami Daddy bnuglil me- an nversi/eii pnrpli'^'lillcrcd egg (hat ciiuld only liave lonkcd pretty lo a grade-schnoler. 

• 
In my (ecus. Mollier 

 stopped pulling chncolale bini- 
Ilies in my Faster b.i.-kfl and 
Ije.iran giving moie lasljii.t; i.'ifl- s—iiH'luding the slarl uf an egj; clip cnlleclion. 

• A eiiuple nf V'aslers back, I 

 was up almost lo Ihe sunrise m a k i n g a dress. No one at church noticed I was »eann.L' 
"sumelhing new for the Lord, bnl several complimented my bnnnet of four or five .seasons past. 

Jlii|)|)incvss 

Nappy memories of Happy 

Rasters. 

Bill the happicsl is one that 

Roes on and on. 

My fi iend Susim and I have an 

Kasler basket we "give hack" lo eaeli oilier every year. 

Susan slarled il ( j u i l c in- 

 miccnl ly a few years ago. 

She na.s vi.silinginy family on 

Palm .SnndaV'Wcekend. ami for a bread-ami-In: Her g i f l , she 

The Lonely 
Housewives 

During the year ahead, the 

American housewife will make almost three times »H many suicide nltempis as all olher frhialr: classifications com-' hined, i 
' 

• fl<sr mosl Kiucidul-proiie. h<»urs are 

1o a.ni. find 2 to 4 p.m. 

Wliy the housewife? \Vliy tlie 

Hhockiiif! i'«tin? Wliat can he done? A 
"lall, hatutaonie!' clergyman nnd )i fuineil payehiatrlHt fiupiily cx 

 broughl a small dime-slrorc baskel filled with goodies. 

The "pri/e" ( in college we 

 slarled using thai word for uny present) was a liand-painle<l purcelainegg. And Iherewasan assorlmenl of cliocolalc bunnies and eggs wrapped in shiny pas- lei foil. 

I wasn't a bil surprised. 
.Susan had admired all Ihe 

 different eggs Mother and 1 reminisce nvci' every Kaslcr. 

From the antique milk glass 

 tine Ihat sits in a silver clip to 
(he old-fashioned sugary one with (lie liuie scenes inside to- 
Ihe pale pink plastic divided egg Dial can hold a small gifl — 
Iliey're all precious In us. 

Tradition 

1 knew Susan wanletllo have a 

 small part in furlliering our 
Iradilion. llul I found myself wauling her In know the fun nf receiving as well as of giving. 

So, Ihe following year, I "ju.sl 

 happened" lo be visiting her (he weekend before Raster ...ami liiok along (lie baskel. 

The handle was newly 

 decorated wilh pel ky salln bows ami a chenille bug ami bunny. 
Inside was a small versiiniofmy 
Irr.-iMircil sugar egg and Un- usual candy. 

Susan wasn't a bil .surprised! 

Friends "second guess;" many lillngs. 

A year later, 1 had moved 

 away and \vtis scmt-seHlod hi a newiiparlmenl..Susan managed 
In schedule a shopping In the area—I lie. weekend before, 
Kasler. 

She had Jnsl rclurnet! from n 

 viii'iiltoii In Las Vegas ami had suved me u mliilalnveljollle nf 
(li'iinil iMiiinli'i from Ihe 

A Traveling 
EasterBasket 

Tliebntdeamiayellow duck and jelly beans were delivered in the famiinsliaskcl. 

Hyllie nexl year. I hail moved 

 again, chasing my career lo .San 
Antnjiin. 

The weekend before Easier 

 linAighl Susan to (own for a meet Ing of professional women jotiriiallslsdnwn tin (lie river. 

When she arrived In visit lhal 

Maliinlay afternoon, I was a I I I - tic deflated lhal she didn't even seem to see Ihe basket— wilh a 
.coal iifyelhnv.spray palnl ami piilka-ilulK'd bows—displayed on Ihe buffet. 

Shocked 

She luid noticed, all nglil. 

>Slisiiiiwaslnslinekl 
. 'Slir liatl Ihoiiglit il was "her yeur" mill hail .searched every 

 mink and cranny for (he haskel thai was safe in San Antonio alt the lime. 

.Susan 
Im-ecl 
(he brown 

 alabaster egg un a liny fouled brass stand lhal I had saved for mnnlhs. Il was Ihe first Hung | purchased after moving here and making Hie customary shopping Iriptol.a Villila! 

 l-isl Kasler was Ihe first time 

Ihcbaskcl (raveled by mail. 

Susan was Ihe mother of a 

 baby girl, and I was a bride, and we were doth imn|\ed wilh our new family respimsibililirs. 

Tlio End? 

I was beginning (o wonder if 

 lhal would he Hie la.sl of (he 
Hasler basket exchange, bnl 
Mire enough, a day or so before 
Kasler, (he imptirlanl package arrived. 

My pri/e. was an enamel pin of 

 a yellow duck with blue hat and pnr.se. 

The post office hud In be Ihc 

Master bunny fur us again (his year. 

Last week I gnl off (lie par- 

 eel—same yellow baskel wllli new green and pink gingham buws, a sprinkling of speckled caudles thai look like birds' ej,VM:w(lncliliia chick (loldlnga pink (nwel and tooth In nsh. 

.fust in case-Susan ever has a 

 boy, I have kept another rhick wilh blue towel and halh brush luinakenwl. 

If Dial doesn'l happen before, 

 il's "my him" again, 1 figure I have 7,1o slmpping days nnlll 
Kaster. 

 in Ascension Koman Catholic Church, New York City. 
Her Serene Grace 
Relishes Role As 

Princess 
Living Happily 

 fver After... 

By Leslie Utnnetls 

MONACO— To reach Ihc prin- 

 cess you must climb the Tower, of course. Up the spiral stair- case, encased by the thick old fortress walls, up to the sunny, spacious retreat where she spends her days. 

Khe glides forward to greet yon, smiling her 

 glacial, perfect smile. Because you are an 
American citizen jiiu may just shake her hand 
(hough her subjects must bow and curtsy and enter the auslcre cclery-and-whilc rooin as 
.muled and cooljis she is. 

Uul Her .Most Serene II ifliness is un or- 

 dinary princess to (lie nalace liorn. 

'Iliis cxiiijJMtel.vcijise/i'd ja,jv v|,.,,(|(,r 
;tllfj 

 elegant still at -II, was nrnnghl up overlooking 
?iol the Mediterranean uul Hie Scliuylkill Hivcr 
•in I'i'iiiisylvaiiia. 

; Tile daughler of an Iribh bricklayer-lnrncd 

 local-nolenatalc. she made herself into a princess: deliberately, step by careful step. 
.iiisl as .she had fust made lierself inlu a mo\ie 
Mar. 

"Hcing a princess was a job I accepted In 

 take mi, anil .spent a. while trying to learn htnv 
'iu do," she sa.v.s inaKer-wf-f.-ic-lly. arranging lierself in a lemon-colored chair and dossing her legs arlfully. 

"Xu. I didn't find it nncmnforlahle. I'eople 1 

 know in America say. Didn't u boilicr you, having people curtsy In yun and so on'.' It didn't bnlher me al all. They curtsy tu Hie position I linld as Hie wife of Ihe prince, anil i[ had little tu do wilh me personally." 

'Riviera 

Princess Grace, nee Kelly, lias fur IS nws 

 now been Hie w i l e ,,| Hie only alj.solnte sovereign left in ICiirnpc. 

When she met I'rince Kaiiiicrlll of Monaco, 

 she was already an American fairy-tale prin- cess, an Academy Award-winning film luminary attending ibc Cannes Film l-'eslhal 
o111- hisli simuner un ihc French Riviera. 

When Iliey mel again and married in a whirl-- 

 wind conrlship Ihe fullim-ing year - she 'JU. In; 
:I2— il was all of America's spun-sugar dreams come true. 

Columnists and public relations men alike 

 had long enlngi/ed her regal hauteur which fine less reverent observer had descrilied as her 
"stainless sleel insides" and it was only filling 
Hint Grace Ki.'llyslwiild at least marry a ipi iiu-e. 

-So she diil. immediately becoming the mast 

 lilled woman in Knrupealbeil thanks to ancient 
111 les referring mainly In villages lhal mi lunger exislcd, and sailed away oil Hie prince's (lowcr- fiili'd yacht. 

Despite the preilietions ol'dnnm nmtlered 

 darkly here and there, the wedding-cake cnuple 
In this day gives e\ery appearance nfliauiif lived happily eu'r after. 

"Of course we were taking a terrible g,-im- 

 ble," .she admils now. "We didn't know'eacli other, but we w ere old enough; after all, I wasn't 
IS. If I had done the same (hint; atlS.it pi nbablv would have been a catastrophe. 

"tint we were bnlli at a point in our lives when 

 each was ready for marriage. 

"The bin adjustment was going from Ihe life 

 of Ihe single woman to thai of a married woman ," adds the princess. "Life in a palace is very differenl, and then there was having to live in another eullnre. . . I had in cliange. 1 had to conform and adapt " 

Ami conform she did. The princess's every 

 word and gesture is pel feelly conirolled. 
Tliroiignutil a long conversation she remains motionless. Her face is fixed in the .same smillnit mask, whatever her mood, and .she is wilhonl nervous mannerisms. Kvcn her hands, sensibly innnteiired anil lonclicd w i t h a whisper 
«f colorless nail polish, lieslill inticrDitir-Miit- ed lap. 
' 

"Today there Issn much talk about freedom 

 and findiiu; oneself." she says. "I'm for I ho dlKilily of Die individual, hut I don'l I l i i n k anyone has a successful man -itigr or careers or anvlliliiKWillunil, sacrifice. 
. 
' 

"Discipline, seems lo be a word lhal lias al- 

 niosldisiippeaieil from Itnlay't. viiciihuliir.v. I 
. learned discipline in C.ilholic schools, 

In San Antonio 

Princess Grace of Monaco was star of the international gala staged by the 
French Pavilion during HemisFair '68. 

 brought up in a strict f a m i l y , and in Iho theater." 

She has learned it well, and wlii'ther the les- 

 sons have been hard is something she keeps 
UT.V much lo lierself. 

Before she was married, Grace Kelly saiil 

 eagerly dial she planned to continue tn act in films-whereupnn her husband-lo-be announced brusquely ill a news conference thai his bridu 
« mild tin. nothing of I lit* kind. 

.Monaco, which Iliey rule, is tucked in next Iu 

 llaly on lln- |''ITIIC|I coast, and cincrs an are.'i aliiinl half Hie si/.e of N'c\v Vurk's ('enlral I'ark. 

On Ihe i|uesliini of deleri'ing lo her husband, 

 she chouses her words carefully. "Yon can 'I wail lor the sacrifice of aiiollier persini." she. explains. "Vim have In develop your rm n terms ol'saenifice. 

"And it'.s Ihe woman who keeps the family 

 together. She is (lie heart uf die home, anil thereby imi.sl be Ilic stnmge.sl pei'son in tlio family slruclnre." 

Is .she. then, the slroiigeslV "Yes, for certain 

 principles. 

"Whereas the man mnsl be head of the 

 household. J would say il's Ihe prince w|n> 
. makes the ultimate decisions. Cerlainly my children arc my primary concern ,il (he iiK'meiil. but I'm deeply involved In m;;ny lliiiiKs. I feel like a juggler al limes, Irylng to keep ion many things In (he air. Many women my age vaislnj; u family feel the snme way. You 
. fid di/w Irylng [o do everylhliig." 

"Kvery tiling" inc'luOes Ihe Monaco lied 

'..r.inss, of which slie Is president, nnd sncli livllies as tlie (larclen Club and n Moiiii 

. However, her Involvement will) ihc i 
Imuseliolil appears In have Its limits,. When 

Sf c I'ltlNCICHS, t'aKc 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunduy, April 14, 1974 

Blue Grass Will Snow 
Snowdons at Derby 

Washington, D.C. 

April 13, 1974 

Dear Express-News Readers: 
Betty Beale's 

 ear Express-News Readers: 
: 

Princess Margaret and Lord Snowdon will 
W^sVlinP'tOn TjPttPl* give Washington a wide berth when they come 
™_flSllHlftlUIi -UCHCl 

(o the United States for the Kentucky Derby. 

"This is strictly an unofficial 

 visit. !f they wanted to pay their respects at itie While f louse they would normally iiuiuire through the British embassy or through our am- bassador in London, but we haven't heard anything from either," said a While House spokesman. 

Louisville, though, is in a 

 bigger dither than usual. The gateway to equine immortality, 
(lie "most important horse race in America," as the big fas- cinating new volume "The 
Kentucky Derby" by Peter 
Chew calls il, is celebrating its lOOlli anniversary. 

Because Churchill Downs 

-was a direct offspring from 
Lord Derby's Kpsnm Downs races, the Queen of England was imltnl lo lie the honored 
Kiiesl. 

Horse-loving Elizabeth It 

 regretted hill she is sending her sister and broshcr-in-law. 

Goodwill 

As far as Kentucky is con- 

 cerned, the Princess and her husband are on "an official goodwill tour |o America and 
Kentucky." or so Mrs. Cor- nelius Vanderljilt Whitney described it. 

The Whitncys will be (ncir 

 host at the beautiful C. V. Whit- ney farm in ic.vijifjtoii and will toss a super-chic dance for 2oo in honor of Her Koyal Highness and Tony on May 3, the night before Ihe rat ing classic. 

Marylou and Snnny irjj) afca 

 give a dinner for the Snowdons before (he dance, bnl after including Margaret's lady-in- wailing, the Hon. Mrs. Wills, 

Watergate Wheels 

Special prosecutor Leon Jaworski, left, and Judge John 
Sirica, taking time out from the legalities of Watergate, enjoy a chat with their hostess, Mrs. Everett Hutchinson! 
She is wearing a scarf covered with pins Russians gave her during a visit to the Soviet Union. 

Philadelphia where Ambas- elephants and confront Martha sador Waller Anneiiberg's rcla- Mitchell on TV with a tiger who lives will give a parly and the clawed up the rug uncomforta- 
Princess will open the city's blv near her open-toed shoes new Children's Hospital. 
The jiccil ;«r clowning a»- 

TJie ne.xl day they will go ID pears to be in direct ratio lo Ihe 

New York, stay al (he Waldorf dislrcsMiig news of Watercale 
Towers, see the Royal Ballet and on Ihe Slh head for a joint 
Miiineaimlis-Winiiepc!! cele- 

 bration that will start [neit- 
Canadian tour. 

Circus 

Washington has become ;i 

 her equerry Lord .N'apier, her Political circus on Ihe very eve 
. 
, 

 secretory and the deputy cap- tain ot tbe Queen's Flight, there'll barely be room for new 
British Ambassador and Lady 
Ramsbolliam. You know how il is. 

Sunday. May 5, the Karl and 

 his royal spouse will fly lo 

 of impeachment. There arc oilier circuses here—Uin>. tiros.' Greatest .Shew on l- and I lie new Circus Americ i. 

Bui in order (<j coinj>eli> fur 

 news space willi Hie political one they had In turn llulicri 
Humphrey into a ringmaster, parade 
Congressmen on 

Take last weekend,'fur ins lance. 

Under one "big tent" (Ml. 

Vernon College gymnasium where Ihe Coiinler Gridiron 
I'arly was being staged lo pro- test 
Ihe Gridiron Club's 

 exclusion of women) Bill 
Huckelshnus was auctioning off cinder llio eves u( his ex-lioss, former Ally. (len. Klliol 
Michardson. the hitter's 

 framed doodle dime for Ihe 'no 

"Only$!.'iO bid'.'I tell you it's a 

 steal. One year from now il will be worth 81.31o and three years 

 from now S-J3o,ooo." 

Democrat Stewart Molt, (h 

 millionaire who admitted con tribuliiiR SJOO.OOO lo Georg 
McGovern's campaign, got i for$1,ooo. 

Father Drinan, Die Democn 

 lie Congressman from ivhu suchusetls, was holding up a 1 
.shirt in front of bis clerical gar which read: "Trust in God. Sli 
Will Provide." 

Presidential candidate Se 

Lloyd Benlsen (D.-Tcx.) ai former candidate Kd Musk 
(D.-Me.) led Ihebitigo games. 

Presidential candidate Se 

Chuck Percy (H.-lll.) «•; taking Polaroid piclures for $2 

Agnew's former aides, V 

Gold and Peter Malatesla, r; the "latloo" booth. 

TV's. Qan Rather at 1! 

 kisses bp'd'th was .selling h own "aloifg.with Ihe chocola kind. Arid bcforj.'llic evenii was .rfveiv- he and Marti 
Milcljell took' turns auclionii off a (liUjicc vvilh (he. oilier. 

.Cracks 

The niehl.Lcon Jaworski an 

 his vvifd were feted by forme 
Honstoii lawJpaftner Everc 
Hulchinsoiiwas another circus 

;S»n|iping-.ci-acks at a happ 

Texan crush were Jiidge'ioli 
Sirica, who called the shots o 
Water'gp.le, Jaworski, Hi prosecnloj-who's' supposed t bring il all out,'am! tile 31 ministration's 
Atlorne 

General Bill Saxbe. 

Jaworski and Saxbe bot 

 wound up'dancing on Ihe lerrac in the clilll night air to a Di xielaiul band. "I'm not leavin till the band does," said th relaxed A.G. i 

Mused Mrs. Jaworski, "I lik 

IVasliington. They treat me lik company hero." 

Yours 

B 

BRILLIANT AND BEAUTIFUL 

AND SUMMER COTTONS 

Absolutely smashing import and 

 embroideries shades of bright 

 tins Vogue Pattern 8819 

LEAVE IT 
TO FROST BROS 
TO COME UP 
WITH ANOTHER 
HARE-RAISING 
EXPERIENCE 

SPECIAL CROUP OF ALL-SEASON 
SHOES tana 2o.oo TO oo.oo 
NOW JUST 15. 

One week only. Super savings on a special group of famous fashion shoe designers: David Evins, Andrew 
Geller, Herbert Levine, I. Miller Millerkins, I. Miller Gal- leria, Hill and Dale and De Liso Debs. All in our fabulous 
Shoe Salon, Third, Downtown; First, Fashion Square. 

FROST BROS. 

.S«n Antonio EXfjiSS-NEWS-Sumkiv. April 74, 1974 

LEAVE IT 
TO FROST BROS. 
TO COME UP 
WITH ANOTHER 
HARE-RAISING 
EXPERIENCE 

WHAT A THUMPING GOOD IDEA. OUR STOREWIDE AFTER- 
EASTER SALE STARTS TOMORROW AT ALL OUR STORES. 

COUTURE AND BETTER FASHIONS 
Couture and better dresses, were 8o.oo to 55o.oo, now at 52.9o to 359.oo 
Designer Sportswear and Import Bou- tique, were 3o.oo-495.oo" 19.9o-329.oo 
Collectors Corner dresses, originally at 
38.oo to 78.oo, now at 24.9o to 51.9o 
Better all-weather coats, were 8o.oo to 

ACCESSORIES 
Handbags, marvelous group of styles, were 7.oo-2o.oo, now reduced 1/3 to 1/2 
Costume jewelry, summer-perfect, were 
3.oo to 18.oo, now specially reduced 1/2 
Men's initial linen handkerchiefs, were 
1.25 to 1.5o, now reduced 1/3 to 1/2 
SILVER SHOP 

15o.oo, now sale priced at 59.9o-99.9o. 
Silverplate miniature decor items, were 

Better pantsuits, were priced at 6o.oo to priced at 1o.oo, now special at just 5.99 

14o.oo, sale priced at 44.9o to 99.9o 
Silverplate spray can covers for bath and 

SPECTATOR SHOP 
Dresses, many spring, summer styles, 
8-18, were 38.oo-6o.oo, 19.99 to 37.99 
Pantsuits, two and three-piece styles, 
8-18, were 38.oo-6o.oo, 29.9o to 37.9o 
JUNIOR SHOP 
Tops, vests, cardigans and more, were 
11.oo to 15.oo, now at just 6.99 to 1o.99 
Pants, cuffed and uncuffed styles, were 
13.oo to 15.oo, now at 6.99 'to 1o.99 

 boudior, were priced at 1o.oo, now 4.99 
GIFT SHOP 
Block 'Chromatics' china and crystal, originally 2.5o-17.5o, now reduced 1/3 
Seneca stemware and barware, was at 
2.75 and 3.75, now just 1.39 and 1.89 
Arabia stemware, great selections, was 
5.oo each, now after-Easter special, 2.5o 
Imported china serving pieces, were priced at 3.75 to 37.5o, now reduced 1/3 

Dresses, many styles, colors, 18.oo to 
China eggs, large and small sizes, were 

25.oo, now special at just 8.99 to 12.99 
STUDIO FOUR 
Dresses, many styles, colors, 8 to 2o sizes, were 17.oo-3o.oo, 12.99-22.99 
Pantsuits, many styles, colors, 8 to 18 sizes, were 28.oo-3o.oo,special at 19.99 
STOCKING SHOP 
ChadboLirn pantyhose, regular and out- size, were 2.oo, very special 2 for 2.95 

1o.oo and 15.oo, now at 6.99 and 9.99 
Party buckets, for serving and ice, were 
1o.oo, now very special at just 5.oo each 
LINENS SHOP 
'Petit Fleur' embroidered sheet sets, were 
27.5o to 47.5o, now just 18.49 to 3o.99 
'Petit Fleur' terry towels, were originally 
2.5o to 7.oo, now 
1 at just 1.69 to 4.69 

Hostess apron floor length pinafores, 

Body shirts, short sleeve stylings, were were 12.oo, now special at 7.99 eacli 

8.oo, now special after-Easter price, 2.99 . Martex'Plaid Picket' sheets and pillow- 
Group of body suits, originally priced at cases, all sizes, 6.oo-15.oo, 3.99-11.29 

8.oo to 25.oo, now at just 3.99 to 12.99 
Bed pillows, limited quantities, 3 styles, 

Cantrece stockings, were priced 3 for 
4.oo, now special at 9 for just 7.5o 
WIG BOUTIQUE 
'Angel' short wigs; lovely' long wigs, were 25.oo, now special at just 15.9o 
FROST'S MAH'S WORLD 
Silk ties in stripes, solids, prints, were 

 were 8.oo to 43.oo, now at 5.99 to 35.99 
Cotillion bedspreads, all sizes, were at 
27.oo-45.oo, now specially reduced 1/3 
Mattress pads, a special group, all sizes, were 13.oo to 19.oo, now reduced 1/3 
FASHION FABRICS 
Polyester knits, were priced 5.oo-1o.oo, 

7.5o to 15.oo, now specially reduced 1/2 now special at just 2.49 to 4.99 the yard 

°9* 4'E 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday^ April 14, 1974 '. 

Pioneer Ball Sets 
Fiesta Week Stage 

Mrs. James Light will be feted as honorary 

 lady chairman of the State Association of 
Texas Pioneers when (hat organization presents its 56th Patriotic and Historical Ball 
Saturday in Villita Assembly Hall. 
This-is iradilionall.v Hie 
Kins AiiUmio LI1 imnicilialoly 

 ojieniiiK social evi'iil of Fiesta fullou-iug his investiture al the 

Week and will Iw attended by 
Alumu. 

 ii the accent 

 fof our dromaltc 

 nycsto mollc jersey 

 softly draped 

 bodice evening gown. 

Fashion '74 

53o3 Broadway 

I'oinp ami circumstance will 

 prevail ;is slate and local dij-- nUarii'.s, past lady clmirinon anil the. military qucuiis anil llieir coniniamlinj! ficnerats are intruduml. 

The Sabre Guard of Central 

Calliulic High Sdiool.will ronn this Arch nf.Slerl, and music will be provided by (lie Niiyal 
Air Station biind uf Corpus 
Clirlsli. 

Military qni'cii.s to.bo in- 

 troduced are Stisun Madore, 
Fort Sam Houston; Mary'Car.nl 
\.n\we. Aerospace Medical 
Division; Mary Diane Rancy, fiaiulolph AFli; I.imla Mirmr. 
(-ackland AFIJ; Nan [{aniirrz. 
Kelly AFH; and Gayle Piitiice 
DcLonjj. brnnksAKli. 

(iov. and Mrs. Uol[ih Bi iscoe 

;ire union;; dignitaries' 

(o ••it 

Iloiioree 

Mrs. Light \\nsborn in Prileol, 

Hie daughter of Mr. and .Mrs. 
IVilliain Krisch. Her Brand- parents t-aine from Germany and landed al Iiidianiila in 
1S54. 

They later moved to San An- 

Trank Krisch. help build the old 
.SI. John's Lutheran Church. 

Mrs. Light luis served as 

 president of Herff School PTA and as clelcj;alo to PTA City 
Council. 

Among her active mem- 

 berships are State Association of Texas Pioneers, Old Trail 
Drivers nf Texas, Pioneer 
Lancers Club. Harlaiidalc Gol- den Age Club. American Legion 
Auxiliary 1'nst 42o, Senior Ci- lixens of San Antonio, 57 Club' mid St. John's Lutheran 
Church. 

Association 

 icgim ill l!ll!l, the Stale As- 

 sociation of Texas Pioneers purposes lo keep alive Texas, liiitury. perpetuate Texas tradi- tions, establish and maintain landmarks and culled impor- laul biographical data on de- scendants of Texas pioneers. 

Knvin Marscliall is president 

»f the association, and Mrs. 
Harold Greenlce is chairman of the ball. 

T'h).-> is ihfi linn: lo jirli] extra |il;icr-sfltiiig jiioccs or 

I hose necessary serving pieces-- anil don't Corbet whiit a lic.inlifiil ^ift Ciirliam Slerling would I>R! 
If you prc.fcr the ina^nifiecncn of Corliam Sterling 

- you'll love- llic.-e [ilii^nifici'iit >;ivin^H! l''or cvamp]^ 

SALE 
PRICE 
Slfi.13 
I9.:n 
21.75 

CHANTILLY ' 

Tcanpood fn<l. Salad l-'nrk 
Fcoil Beverage Spoon 

•1-pr. Plan: Sotting. n«.» i- 

FOK A LIMITED TIME ONLY 

CirOOSE FROM 24 STERLING ORIGINALS 

PRICE 
S2l.SH 

25.75 
2').on 
49.75 
99.7:1 

KtW ACCOUK1S INVIIID. NEVIS AW INURtST Of. CA"f.H\'C, CHAPGES 

"• 223 E. HOUSTON 

226-8388 

•OfEN DAILY, MONDAY tH8OUGII SAtUtOAY IO.COAM TO 5:3o P-M I 

Honorary Chairman 

Mrs. James Light will be honored at the 56tli Patriotic and Historical Ball Saturday in Villita Assembly Building. 
She is honorary lady chairman of the State Association 
'of Texas Pioneers which traditionally sponsors the first social event of Fiesta week. 
Ecology and Environment 

On Federation Program 

•San 
Antonio 
Women's 

Federation will meet at 1o a.m. 
Thursday in (he North Itooni at 
Joskc's Xorth Star Mall. 

Theme of Ihc program is 

"Ecologically and Environ- mentally Speaking." Speakers will be Wally Payctlc of the City 
Public Service Hoard, and Wei- don Hamilton of the Alamo 
Area Council of Governors. A question and answer period will follow. 

Mrs. Lois M. Scott is chair- 

 man of the program. Hostesses will be Mines. Archie Reeves. 

Wayne C. Bull, H. N. While, 
Joseph Hamilton Jr., T. S. 
Owen, James W. Slupkcy, Hoy 
Berrcra, Daniel Uupre, Charles 
C.riffin and Adrain Taylor. 

Escobar PTA 
To View Bullet 
Escobar .Junior High School 

Parent Teacher Association will meet at 7 p.m. Thursday at thc school to elect officers. 

Mrs. Lea Simpson's ballet 

 class will present a program. 

 after Easter Clearance of 

£99 to 

IZ99group 

So many stylos 

 andsilhouottos! 

Solocled groups 

 of fabulous shoos lo wear 

 right nov/ and later. 

Too many lypos lo doscribo. 

You'll have lo see thorn 

 to boliovo buys liko those. 

Bailor bo oarlyl 

NOHTH STAR MAM, 

Gardner-Pirie 
Wedding Vows 
Read Saturday 

Mexico and the Texas Coast arc the 

 honeymoon destinations nf the former Miss 
Marjiarol Ruth Pine and Jeffrey Itiissell 
CiiintiUT who were married Saturday. 

They exchanged marriage vows iicforo. the 

Rev. Dr. .limiuy It, Allen in the chapel of First 
Haplist Clmrch. 

Daughter of Mrs. Holiert James Pirie. and 

 the late Mr. Pirie, (he bride was given in marriiiBC by Conn L. Mason. The groom is Hie son of Mrs. Russell Webb Gardner and the late 
Mr. Gardner. 

Miss Carolyn Ann Pirie was maid of honor. 

Bridesmaids were Miss Sheri Allison of Aus- tin, Mr.s. Anna Cogswell of Houston and Miss lieeky McBride. 

Dennis Tramel of Houston served as best 

 man. Groomsmen, all of Houston, were 
Tommy Hichardson, Robert Desmond anil iNocJ Spencer, 

Mrs. Jeffrey R. Gardner 
.-..l/ie former Miss Pirie 

Don't Panic When 
Baby Protests Tub 

Bath 

By George C. Tliosfeson, M.I). 

Dear Dr. Thostcson: I have a seven-week-old 

 granddaughter pronounced perfect by the delivering doctors. She is being breast fed and is chubby and alert. 

But she has used all her lime passes. 

 strength in protest of a tub bath 
If not, Hie doctor can keep 

(baby tub) and two days ago as track of it, and should it merit she braced her feet and stif- surgical correction, remember fcned in resistance, her mother lllilt bill)l'L's al"' slllil" children noticed a bulge in the left groin customarily come llirough sur- ttial appeared suddenly. 
K<"'. v with mu^ lcss f"ss, frct- 

The doctor diagnosed a her- linS iln(1 fear '""» adults do. 

 nia and advised surgery. We ™s Just doesn't sound to me have discontinued the tub balli >l il!C_ anything warranting 

 and use a sponge method, and panic. the original swelling has 
Operation 

 disappeared. 
* 

In my 71 years I have never , ""r Dr. Thostcson: My wife 

 known of a hcniia in a girl las been liaviiiK discomfort child. The parents are di.s- 
Irauglil at the prospect of sur- gery on their trusting infant.— 
Mrs. iH. S. 

First item of advice: the : 

 parents ongtit to (jiiit l)einy 

 f™'" 'j'atal hernia and is unm-- 
^in whether she should have an 
°l'el';l"<"i °v H- \\ c : would value 
•'mlr "r1"11o"- t.T.b. 

 rniiehl be different 

"distraught." It's not all that 

 if f kneiv some details about her case, but in general I most cer- 

(errible a thing even if the babv lillnlj do "ot 1'c™nl "U11"' Sl"'- 
,. 
BLir>;'nr this 
1'lclilo(lii. llilve "CCI1 ll,1C" hc f c fi"ls(? "' solno cust!S lht>- v 

.bllll'cu- 
. "vou wanUurlliur details, 

;ilcrnia and Eight Ways to Com- bat It." Send 25 cents and a long, 

 does eventually need surgery. 
My own grandson liad a similar rupture repaired at llic ;IRC of 
14 months and came through very well indeed. 

Hernias (or ruptures) of the 

 groin are much less common 
,anioiiK yirls than among boys,I... 
, 
., .. 
. 

 but they do ocenr. 1 g,, a,olly^i»^b ,»« S^ with the idea of substituting An,onlo Exprcss. u is impossj. sponge baths for the lime IM-- blu for me lo recommend or not ing; there s no knowing just rccommcnd surgerv wU|loul why the little one puts up such sccin{, u,L, piltiPlli. " a protest over the tub baths, 
~ 
• ' 

 but she'll doubtless outgrow it. 
Dear Dr. Thostcson: 1 have 

Meantime (and you might asllnnamidwouldlikeloknowif 

 cross-check 
(his comment you think allergy shots would 

 with your own doctor's views) 1 help,. It is worse in some doubt that (here is any urgency climates than others. I've been about the operation. There is'.taking Tcdral (ablets (i,j, (o I often the possibility that the tablet per attack). Is (here any weak spot may strengthen as danger in taking loo much'.' I,. 

To Your 

Good Health 

There are var.ving causes of 

 asthma—hence different treat- meals. 
If your asthma is 

 primarily a result of allergy tu pollens, house dnsl or some other such materials, I lien, descnsiti/ation shots can help. 
In other cases, such as food allergies, avoiding the ones you are allergic to would be tin; proper course. 

One of the ingredients in your 

 particular medication pick up can cause .iilleib if taken in ton large quantities; not knowing liovv often you have an asthma attack, I have no idea how much you may be taking per week or per month. But jitters would be the sign to watch out fur. 

Coffee 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I would 

 like to know if coffee is bad for your complexion. — D.M. 

Not to the best of my 

 knowledge. 

Arthritis .sufferers can bo 

 helped. Dr. Thosleson's booklet discusses many types of arthri- tis and related joint diseases as well as effective treatments and medications. 

For a copy of "How You Can 

Control Arthritis" write to him in care of the San Antonio 
Express, P.O. Box 2171, San 
Antonio 78'287, enclosing '15 cents in coin and a long, self- addressed (use zip code), 

• stamped envelope. 

. Iho palm bcjchos • miami. rn'imi boach . coral gab'cs. suils-dc . II. Inurlordalo . pompano • Kollywood • 

• Orlando• winler paik• allamonlo springs • cloarvvalcr. SI. pcloisburg • lampa• Jacksonville • °- 

L-R kcopG summer in chac'K. . . with tile look of Saint-Trope:! ' 
Lightly shirtet! with cotton oyclot tacc and frosted with 
Gtonc-studclcd paillettor... . 93 t 

 fj ' o tr 

- 

 nI 

116 central park mall 

The Lonely Housewives 

Hy Barbara Cralf! 
* /->- 
Suicidal Tendencies Are Shocking* 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

'i&Z'H 

 hoiiscwlte will make more suicide attempts than any other type of female. 

She will make 12 limes as 

 many attempts as female college and high school 

 students. And she will make nine limes as many attempts as llic office secretary. 

In addition, during Ihe year 

 ahead, the American housewife will make almost three limes as many suicide allcmpls as waitresses, telephone opera- tors, school leaehers, social workers, entertainers, ilomcs-' lies, streetwalkers, factory workers, the idle rich, retired, unemployed and all other female c l a s s i f i c a t i o n s coin, hincd. 

This startling statistical in- 

 formation about Ihe American housewife and her shocking suicidal tendencies has been compiled by Rescue, Inc., a 
Boston-based suicide preven- tion group dial has aided more than 2o,ooo people. 

Founder 

"We estimate thai Ihe 

American housewife will be responsible for aboul 4o per cent of all suicide attempts made in the United States dur- ing the year ahead," staled 
Kev. Kenneth B. M u r p h y , president and founder of Res- cue, Inc. 

"Yet, it is a remarkable fact 

 that only a small percentage of 

Ilicse thousands and thousands of attempts will end in death. 
In Ihe vast majority of cases, the housewife survives." 

Kalhcr Murphy founded lies- 

 cue, Inc., willi a helping hand from Boston civic and religious leaders, in ISM alter he was summoned by police three limes in a month to persuade would-be suicides to give life another chance. The non-profit and nan-sectarian organization is affiliated with Harvard 
University, 
Massachusetts 

Oncral and Boston City Hospi- tals. 

"Let me make it clear we are 

 uol talking aboul working wives," said Father Murphy. 

Husband 

"We are discussing 

 housewives who stay home to care for their youngsters. In most of lliese cases, a con- siderate husband is a sure cure for (lie problems llial have lieon bolheriiif; the wife. Those suicide attempts are pleas for help. The wives are asking their husbands for help." 

Host-lie's founder was once 

 described by a magazine writer as "Actors Equity's version tit a 
Human Catholic clergyman." 

He is tall, dark and handsome 

 with perfect teeth, and dark wavy hair speckled willi (races of gray. He has a hearty laugh a n d ' a f r i e n d l y smile. Vet a haunted expression covers his fare when he speaks of his many encounters with "people on Ihe brink of suicide." 

Suicide Attempts 

Housewives 
Secretaries 
Students.... 
Nurses..., 
Social workers 
Domestics 
Show business 
Unemployed 
Retired 
Office workers...... 
Miscellaneous 

,64.5%, 
.7.o% 
• 5.9% 
. 4.9% 
. 3.8% 
. 2.1% 
• 2,1% 
. 1.9% 
. 1.8% 

• 1-7% 
. 4.8% 

"The housewives and their 

 suicide a t t e m p t s bother me most of all," said the priest. 

The symptoms are so obvious 

 a n d Ihe cure is so logical. 
Basically, it's a situation (hat the husband could prevent simply by treating his wife with the respect slu: deserves. 
Believe it or not, no great wonder tlriiys arc needed. .In.sl a loving husband." 

Sociji 

RESCUE INC. 

Friendly Advice 

Founder of Rescue, Inc., the Rev. Kenneth B. Murphy believes a thoughtful husband can be a "sure cure" for the suicide urge of a lonely housewife. 

Horoscope 

By Jccne Dixon 
FOR MONDAY 

 yth o1 II shoul 

Yflur llio ilir_. rcioicd to 

 liow YOU waul n, bul cwr.o vour wov now. 

Virgo (Auo. 13'Sepl. 37): Dolna vour 

 bcvl with alrcodv established venlufes is lilhdgy today: 
Flnijs vcu en more Imnnrlaiil lhan rinlllna oil lulo 

 liold ol sweeping changes diversionary experiments, no runner llic hlslorv of our limes Old l-ow Infilgulng. 

 ons,*<Ti no longer wcrl.. as lli.s vcjr's 
C-rtia (Sept. 13-Ocl. 11]: t'riiie Inlor. 

 ni.'eslions ore entirely <1hlercnl Irani incllan Ibat |. aeedcd Is ivlltiln YOCT those ol IKc post. Aller nn eorlv shokc- reach. Concerns ol 1lic voungcr sel 

 un. rc-lal.onsbliis lurn about ond Ibrlve In clamor loi attention now Pur sue sen- new pciHerris. Business requires cciv Ilinciilal oiulccls. cenlralhon nnrt delinlle actions nl 
Scorpio (Oct. 33 Nov. 71): In business. 

 rencenl Inrervols. Today's nnlives are oulslo.ldl.ig acgollollons should lie 
'ond of expensive theories I he nirn are brought lo conclusion, onrt a rtcol mode llinllv: Hie .so'iicn lively, liihnll.r. and 
AI Irenie. Ininllv niaKeim coiic lo ensv 
Coo.1 liMiliorerl txind nig 

Aries (Morch 31-Apnl 191: 
Useful 
Sagittarius (Nov. 33 Dec. 71): 
Tr.eorv 

 aoieenicnls ore letis'l-le. ivjrlicuioilv In 
Inviles roller, liul nicsl bo checked oul 

Famed Boston psychiatrist 

Robert A r u o l believes many housewives should go lo work while iheir husbands and children are away during the day. 

"I often recommend to the 

 hoiisovive.slh.it lhe.VBola.jol>." said Hie Harvard-trained Arnnl, 
"Women are sociable people. 
They enjoy lalkiug willi other women. Kill they can't do that" when they're sluck home alone, lu addition, u job provides a housewife with her own money, whether she really needs it or not. And llial money gives her a feeling of independence." 

According l» Hie stalislics 

 compiled by Hesciie. Inc.. II) a.m. and between 2 and -I p.m. are Ihe t i m e periods when a housewife is most likely lo al- 
Icmpl suicide. 

Thursdays and Mondays are 

 the days of Ibe week when most suicide allcmpls are made. 
Spring ami autumn are (he most dangerous limes of Ihe year. 

Dr. Anmt said Dial many 

 housewives begin lo feel 

"Useless" after Ihrir husbands and children have left Ihe house for the day. This may provide™' explanation for (he peak ]n't'iod 
"at 111 a.m. 

"They begin lit feel llial they 

 are not important, especially as 
Ihcy begin lo gel older. The suicide a Hemp I is a hoslilc move towards the husband and other f a m i l y members, par- ticularly in cases where 

 younger women Iry to kill themselves. It's an act of hos- tility. It's (lie little girl in fhem saying', 'You'll be sorry when 
I'm gone'." 

However, 
I),-. 
A r u o l l 

 emphasized th.it all suicide at- 

 tempts by housewives .should he taken seriously. 

"You should never take an al- 

 templ lighlly," he said, 

"because a certain iiumljorsui.'- ceed. A husband should pay very close allculion when his wife displays a 'you'd be better off without me'attitude. 

"He should also watch out for 

 depression, loss of weight. 
Another sign is when his wife doesn't want to eat. Or if she doesn't gel any pleasure out of anything. This mood is known as aiiliedonia—a lack of 

 pleasure." 

Dr. Arnol noted that between 

2 and 4 p.m. is usually Ihe time 

"These husbands 

 with their Super 
Bowl . complexes woulcTbe a lot bet- ter off if they paid less attention to the television sets on weekends, and more attention to their wives." — 
Father Murphy. 

 of day Iho children return home from school. 

"This could be a reason for 

Iho many suicide allompls during llial lime period," he pointed oul. "The housewife has been alone most of the day. 
.She is fatigued and depressed. 
The kids are coming home. She miglil fed they're going to be loo much fur her lo handle. 

Attention 

"In llic' final analysis, the 

 housewife who alleinpls 

 suicide is making a plea for help. .She is just looking for at- tention. The best remedy is for 
Ihe husband lo give his wife thai allcntion. He should listen 
1o her. Iry lo understand her problems, and do what he can lo help her." 

Rescue's information on 

 suicide attempts by housewives 

 lions r.r ir.olor nurdmsc. 

Touri.i (April 3o-f.lov 7o1: Delcnd vour 

 ckj<nis coiisislenllv nl vei v nicdcrole In- 
'costly, rorlncrslini resources require 

Capricorn (Dec. 37-Jan. If): 

 slinuld hnvc lust about cvcrvu 
(or vnu. Don't gel eibsc-n lic-ivcvL'r. qnil negfetf (lie Co 

OIK" hil'ti{iiiue"ltlL"il "' " " """ ''"'" 
UIKI ecnUuri of clliors 
Aquarius (Jaa. 21-Feb. IB): 

Cancer [June ll-June 37): Vour i:er- (mrx technical nclvlce fossil 

 iing adno 
Inilnded. wcn'encr 

Leo (July 2J-Aug. 71): 
Place- (lie oc- 

 ccnl on teamwork. rCrt,nd table discus- sions. You CD'VI Iravc cvervlli!-.a rkncllv 

 o'lier 

I'lic nwlle 

^ folkd. 

 fojhlo 

 mlivjsl ng I lar.aj lull. 

 rk Iheim 
. Pill vo.: 

 l.cl eJrt 

 r!ves oul In ine'r 
' nulel icDars lno nnof mcnls lor the 

 s l 

I t U V I N C A li/MU'KT '^ n l i k e tmyiiij; u dct nr.Hivc .i i'f s s< t r y , or r v c n ;i in j j i> 

I iii-vt 
1 nl' f i i r n i i T i r t * .sutli 4s 

 oim^c I'luir tir Mtl.i. At I'L'^s rii'S c;in lie rc.irr.nif;i'tl 
MI (Hi. 
1 (I I'm tn room in ronn 

C.lr^irs untl 
M>!JV CJii i 

 movfii ;iroiiint, «r i» tini rctovtrcil. 
Your room si/i 
1 lui' or n;il 

 oor 

 i y 

By Paul OuBoso 

Ask t|lli'stl(Hls jlunil c.UfU-1 lilu'is, 
I tic ilill'rrfiU Icxtuti's 

 uritl u t-jvt's J* .iil:ilt|i-. the pms ami toii1^ nl'ui'.u. Ami it yon dn M'e u rn^j tir e.uprt lli.it you Inve .11 llrst si^hi, j;ive It .strong coiixi<lrruii«ii. 
Tli.it's |irr»1i:il>ly die niu- you 
.tfumltl huj-, for ii's |Jrn!>.il))j- tlte one you ciin live w i l t i . lu]i]>ily lor .1 vcty ]on|; lime. 

May 

 iiljcr. iiiul dun 
|i\i willi il lor ni:iny yrjrs K> uiiiu'. Ht'.irini,' ihis in miml, n nr .ixioni lo ri'incmluT is: do .i In) nl lm>kin||, 

'i'.tkt 
1 J(l\.nujj;c of the rcfniLi* 

 bk1 I'jrpcl' tlcjlcr's (Ii-.siu 
1 in 

 liclp you l i n t l llu1 t :ir|K'l 

 vnu'll he (t;i|>ft) widi, -UK) look nl many, tiuny carper in i n u r hcjrt'.i conlcm, It' you K in <lnnht ahoul color iir (cxhirc, A^k alinni seeing hnw (he carjici woulil lonk in your home (a tmflll >amplc, can tcA\ a loi on the iccnc). 

 rot cspcrl UHMVITN In your c.irpct <|iir.>>ii()i;s. or 
A lu^py 

 brnsvM" ilin>u|;li j il.urlin^ tlisjifjy of' (ii-si^Lis Jiul civliits anil 
I I'M n res liy Ami'rii-j's 

 lineal 
1.1 r pi I ni.iniilaciUTc rs, 

 vonte in .uul M.-I' us. 

CARPCTS & FLOORS 

W55ANKDRO 225-2M< 
' 
'M CrrtH Tit £tr/'M«ri| Vw ffcmr 

Is based on an evaluation of-in cases handled by the Huston organ mi Hon. 

"Net me l u l l yon about a 

 typical case," said Father 
Murphy. 

"I won't reveal Hie woman's 

 name. Slie was ahout .W. and was the mother of two elemen- tary school children. She loved her husband, and he loved her in his own way. though he.six.-nt 
1oo many nights out bowling and playing cards willi (lie boys. There was no lack of love between the mother and 

 children. 
They were two 

 healthy young lads which meant they were noisy, always hungry, and kepi Die television going full blast when they were home. 

"The woman made her at- 

 tcmpl about Iwo-lhhly one af- ternoon, shortly before the children were due home from school. She opened the door, turned on Ihe gas, and stuck her head inside the oven. 

Voice 

"I'm convinced that woman 

 did not want to die. True, in her own mind she may have believed thai she was coniniil- ting suicide. But down deep in- side there must have been a faint voice reminding her (he children would arrive home before the gas could cud her life. They would lie uble to summon help. And that's exactly what happened. 

"To a great degree, the 

 woman took a calculated risk. 
If her children had been kept afler school, for example, she might have died. Fortunately, they were not. 

"The important thing is that 

 the wife was so starved for al- tctilion from her husband, she took desperate measures to make him notice her. Now this may seem like u shocking method lo use, but Ihcre are coiinllcss wives all over the nation who are only noticed by their husbands when there is nothing else lo do." 

Hescuc's president also had a 

 few crisp comments to make about "modern man and his 
Super Bowl complex." 

"All week long, the poor wife 

 is Jio/iiealone,"licslalcd. "Or if she isn't alone, then she basilic company of a young baby, or ;i pro-school child of Ihrec or four who is conslanlly asking ques- tions t h a t are impossible lo answer. 

"Then the weekend comes 

 along, and the husband is home. 
The lonely housewife is a happy woman. She figures she's going to have her husbanil around for a few pleasant hours. 

Not so! Dad's off In Die golf 

 course, or lie's planked in front of the television set watching a 
1o1 of muscle men earn a fortune chasing a little ball around. 

"Something should be done 

 about modern man and his 
Super Bowl complex. The modem husband acts as though these sports events arc really important. 
They're not! 

GO ON AND 

MARRY THE GIRL! 

IT'S TODAY! 

A. 

Why waste another precious moment of your two young lives? 

Quick, marry the girl before tomorrow comes and another day slips 

 away! To holp you toll her you're very, very serious, wo have 

 an excellent selection of magnificent wedding sots. Aniong 

 them, those, in 14 karat gold, with diamonds. A. $695. B. 
$1oo. 

C. $395. D. $125. E. $45o. F. S55o. Enlarged to show detail. 

Do Something Beautiful.?i 

M*,of ciciM CJrds accrplril 

Hertz 

Fine JcAc'cn S-nca Io7of 

1o3 E. Houston Sired • North Sur Mall 

• 
PARK FREE DOWNTOWN 

Another Day of Loneliness 

With her husband at the office and the children at school, the American housewife often begins to feel useless. Her increasing suicide attempts are a plea for help and understanding, says a leading psychiatrist. 

They're only ^unics, uiul llio course of history isn't coina lo bo c-tiiiiiijcd one bit. \vlicllicr 
Dallas or Miami, or (lie Pirates nr Orioles win. 

"These husbands with ibeir 

Super Uuwl complexes would be a 1«1 heller off if (Hey paid less allcnlion to llio television sets on weekends, and more alien- tion to llieir wives." 

Kesptcl 

The priest noted that only in 

"four or five eases oul ot the hundreds <ind hundreds of housewife attempts" handled by Kescue lias the viclim ac- tually died. 

"Still (lie threat of dealli is 

 there." lie declared, "and it should not be Junorod." 

IIc continued: "As I'ves(;itcii, 

 a kind, courteous and faithful husband represents Ihe besl medicine in Ihe world for a wife al llic conclusion of a lonj;. 

I ['(lions, drawn-onl day al home with Ihe children. 

"!t is simple enough for a 

 husband lo claim llial liis wife has many female friends in Ihe neighborhood, and llial she is constantly out of doors with these women, or dialling with them on the phone. 

"Thai husband should also 

 bear in mind that these oilier women arc undoubtedly 

 confronted willi the same daily boredom Hint disturbs his own wife, and lhal these clothesline 

 chats could well, in many cases, be a matter of misery loving company. 

"If there is to he a drop in the 

 suicide atlempts by American housewives," falher Murphy concluded, "then it is up to the husbands, in the majority of cases, to supply the medicine. 
The cure for what ails Iheir wives cannot always he found in 
Ihe doctor's office, or a menial institution." 

ST. PAUL'S 

EPISCOPAL CHURCH 

Grayson at Willow 

(Adjacent to Ft.- Sam Houston) 

EASTER SUNDAY SERVICES 

7:45 A.M. Low Moss 

9:oo 
A.M. Choral Holy Eucharist 

1 1:oo A.M. Choral Holy Eucharist 

Af ier-Easler Sale of Women's Shoes 

Selected Styles from 

SELBY 

 reg. 25.oo to 29.oo 

 now 21.9o 

Fashionable Sandals from 

AMALFI D'ANTONIO RINALDI 

 reg. 32.oo to 44.oo 

 now 24.oo to 33.oo 

Casual Styles from 

EASY STREET 

 reg. 2o.oo HOW 9.9o 

LADIES' SHOES 

FRANK BROS. 

Alamo Plaza—Centra Oark Mall 

226-61o1 

Pogt 6-E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Workshop Slated by Mrs. Phillips 

Kings' Grant 'Forest" Garden:'conducted by Mrs. Howard R 

Club will meet at 9:3o a.m.'Phillips. 
Thursday In tlio Kings Grant 
Mrs. it. M. McLaughliu and 

Forest Club House tor a Mrs. Phillips will bo hostesses^ 
"Flower Arranging Workshop"; at llic Ikebanaworkshop. 

DESIGN 

, CARPETS 
^Interiors 

 nettle; 

A bedspread is a bedspread is a bedspread .. unless it's a Nettle Creek bedspread end then the dillorenco is liVo nigh; and day. So let the sun shire in end all around with 
Nettle Creek and. enjoy that personal touch. 

Then no a step beyond . . . with custom carpeting, furni- ture, draperies and accessories. We can put it all together for you. for that touch of class. Call our designers for a personal consultation. BV appointment only, please. 

67oo Bondora Rd. 
Phone; 684-5ooo 

One Mile North 

Of Loop 41o 

Miss Beretta, 
Mr. Tomeiiin 
Are Engaged 

Mr. and Mrs. John Ward Berelta announce 

:ihc engagement of their daughter. Miss 
Jacqueline Rather Dcrclta, to Monte Durham 
Tomcrlin, son of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Martin 
Tomcrlin. 

The bride-to-be reigned as (Micen of the 

Order of the Alamo's Court of the Tudor Rose in 1973. The previous year she was duchess of the Louisiana Purchase in the Court of Our 
Heritage. 

Miss Berelta attended St. Mary's Hall and 

 graduated from National Cathedral Girls' 
School in Washington, D,C. She is attending 
Trinity University. 

In 1971 she was presented as a debutante by 

 the San Antonio German Clnh and at the In- ternational Ball in New York City. She also made a debut in Vienna in 197o and at the 
Washington Thanksgiving Cotillion in 18S9. 

She is a member of the San Antonio Junior 

League, Daughters of the Republic of Texas and First Families of Virginia. 

A graduate of Oliver Wendell Holmes High 

School, Mr. Tomcrlin attended Southern 
.Methodist University where he was « cheerleader and a member of Lambda Chi 

Miss Jacqueline Beretta • 

Alpha, lie was honored as a Gaillardian. 

The couple plans an Aug. 24 wedding in SI. 

Mark's Episcopal Church. 

Ladies' 
Auxiliary of 

American Institute of Indus- trial Engineers will hold a pot 

Ladies' Auxiliary To Hold Supper 

 luck supper and games parly at 
7:3o p.m. Wednesday in the home of Mrs. Turgut Ozan. 

Mrs. Lee Stradley will assist as hostess. 

 arotkiris 

NORTH STAR MALL 

KAROTKIN'S NORTH STAR ONLY 

"ONE OF A KIND" FINE 

FURNITURE CLEARANCE 

SAVE UP TO 

Fine "One-Of-A-Kind" Pieces 
From Some of the Nation's 

Most Respected Furniture Makers 

This is Your Opportunity to Purchase "Onc-Of-A-Kiud" 

Fine Furniture Pieces at Dramatic Savings. We Must Make 

Room For New Merchandise. Come Early For Best Sclcc-. 

 lion. 

1 ONLY-Canarf Ysllcw CONTEMPORARY CHAIR by S.llg, 
Orig.JlM 
' 
S13888 

Kgrotkin's North Star Mall 

San Pedro and Loop 41o • Phone 342-2331 

.; tiivrs., Fri. Ojnn 1o4 Tg«t., Wri,, fcr. 

ONIY CONTEMPORARY SOFA-K.II» Grain, Yillow and Whin plotd, 
SO 1 O 75 

Orig. J55! 
_ 
' 
_ 
J I 7 

1 ONLY 9 ft. Oriental DINING ROOM SUITE by Colury. 
Orig. $2121.oo 
S1498°° 

$499oo 
VfLVET SOFA— Centimperary d«iiyn in m«l«n »tlv«l ond blond ool. 
Orij. SW.OO ........ _„ ................................................................................ _. 

I OKIY « Pt. DINING ROOM SUIH from Hiuiden. Group Indudii loHi, 
S 1 ZAAO 

5«rving Buffii, 1 arm chain, DIM) 4 lifo <rwln. Orig. $22Jf.;o .................... I o*7 

) ONLY 4 Pi. CONTEMPORARY DINING P.OOM SUITE with Orlolol InlN- eoci. Inilwl 

1 ONLY fluid TEXTURED LOVESfAT. 
Orij. SJ79.M .......................... _ 

- 

 eoci. Inilwlos Cfeiiw, $lM«rd, T»H», 1 Arm(holr», end ^ ildt Chain. Orlj. $ 1 CQ QOO 

Group of 1 ol a Urn) ileor limplt LOUNGE CHAIRS l/3 OFF 

 i,™ !t <"^ 
5] 38 o 

1 ONLY-OUT HEADBOARD. 
Oflg. $2oo.oo 

I OHIY-5 PC. GAME SET-Htlural Kid L<tih«r 6o m. labli <md 4 party 
<1 OOQA thoin. Or 
* 
VU 

I ONIY-FW Sampl.-IROWN KENRtDOH SOFA. 
Orig. $S85.»S 

S148oo 

1 fi ft Q 
IOO 
533o°° 

I OHLY-Half Round M«h<t«» OUEEN ANNE CONSOlt TAIIE 
Orig.$»».?5 
„ 
', 
_ 
__ 

I OHIY-CONKMPOTARY STCRIO CAIINET 
Cv •*•«« 

Orig. $22t.»5 
„.!..„ 
- 
*| / / 

I OHIY-WORID GtOIEUR AND CONVHSATIOH PIECE II.., S*mil<. 
So77 

W f 
JT 

oo 

Easter Eve Dance 
Fetes Coronation 

Duchesses 

By Eve Lynn Sawyer 

On 
Easter 
Eve 

Misses Use Frost 
Garreit and Maryanne 
MacGuairn 
Lcepcr 

 were feted at a recep- tion and dance in the 
McNay Art Institute. 

Parly hosts for the Order of 

 iho Alamo duchesses were Mrs. 
Thomas C. Clalborno Frost Sr., 
Mrs. Donald \V. Garrclt and 
Mr. and Mrs. John Palmer 
Lecpcr. 

Mrs. Frosl greeted her 

 guests In a floral print frock in tones of orange, peacli and pale pink. II followed shirtwaist styling with a collar at Ihe liigli neck and long sleeves. 

Mrs. Gnrrelt selected a 

 champagne colored matte jer- sey gown wilh a sleeveless, square yoke with a Kiilhcrcil liodite, wide bell ;mcl full skirl. 

Esi;ort 

Of sky blue matle jersey,. 

Miss Krost's long sleeved dress was designed with .1 V-iiccklinc and a full skirl falling from gathers. The honorce's escort was David I'nck. 

Miss Frost's sister, Miss 

Kathleen Garreit, slood in llic receiving line with Mark 
Harrington. Her gown was similar lo her sister's but in a 

Flotsam and Jet Some 

 lighter sliadeofbluc. 

.Mrs. I.cepcr'ssilk prinl gown 

 in all colors was fashioned with a bo:il neckline and short sleeves and designed by Adelo 
Simpson. 

Standing next lo her fill her, 

Miss Keeper wore a while diif- ton gown by Frank Mnsandrea softened at (lit 
1 V-neckline with 

 double niffles that extended over the shoulders. The Vic- torian gown liarl u full sasli of chiffon. 

Milk Bars 

Lj'ies Houston was Miss 

[jccpor's escort. The entire museum was used for the jiart.v. 
As guests strolled in the patio, they had a choice of wine nr milk bars and various buffet lables. 

Small tnble.s throughout the 

 museum were covered with green cloths and centered willi daisy mums, greenery and burning candles. A midnight supper was served in the Brown 
Wing. 

Music was provided by rock 

 groups, The Zilkev Sunday of 

Austin alternating with 

Ilioroiiymus. 

Among the out-of-town guests 

 wore Mrs. John Palmer Lcepcr 
Sr. of San Angela, Mr', and Mrs. 
Lingo Platter, Houston; Miss 
Itulh Maguni, Cambridge, 
Mass.. Dr. James A. Uiefcn- beck, Carbondale, III.; Mr. and 
Mrs. Ray Keek Jr.. Laredo and 
Mr. and Mrs. Julm Foshee, 
Austin. 

Easter Brunch 

Mrs. 
Julm 
Ilinchey 

 complimented Virginia Street, duchess, and Eleanor Law, bride-elect of Keith O'Gorman, with an Easier brunch Satur- day in the San Antonio Country 
Club. 

Thirty guests were seated in 

 the Supper Room around tables deror.-iled with arningpmems of pastel blossoms. Among them was recent bride Ida 
(Mrs. Charles) Herrick. 

.lust back 'from t h e i r 

 honeymoon in Guadalajara and 
Puerto Vallarla, the Henieks are settling in their home in 
Norlhwood. 

Miss Collins, Mr. Roescli 
Plan Parker Chapel Vows 

Miss Karen Ann Collins, 

 daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Bryan o. Collins, is engaged to 
Heinz Emil Fritz Roesch of 
Austin, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Heinz 
Emil 
Roesch of 

Freiburg, Germany. 

Miss Collins graduated from 

Winston Churchill High School and spent her junior college year abroad as an exchange student in Germany. 

She is a candidate for May 

 graduation from 
Trinity 

University with a degree in 
German and Knglisli. vSliu is a 

 member of Phi Beta Kappa and 
Delta Phi Alpha and president oflbta Chi Chapter, Beta Sigma 
I'hL 

Mr. Roesch attended Winston 

Churchill High School a? a 
Foreign exchange student, graduated from Uoltpck Gym- nasium in Freiburg, Germany, and served a tour of duty with 
• the German Air Force. 

He is a math major at the 

University of Texas at Austin. 

The couple plans lo marry 

.June 8 in Margarita B. Parker 
Clinpel at Trinity University. 
MISS KAREN COLLINS 

Yvonne 

Paul's Girls ... 

Will be thrilled to know that the Famous 

California Designer, Yvonne, will personalty 

 show her Summer Collection on Monday and. 

Tuesday, April the Fifteenth and Sixteenth! 

P/ease come in! 

P1AZA 
77o1 BROADWAY SAN ANTONIO, UXAS782o? 
15121 828-2234 

.. ,-f-l 

Princess 

 om I'agc J.K 

 risked liow many people make up Hie palnc'o staff, she looktitiultcblnnk. 

"Oh, ! really Imvo no idea," slio murmurs. 
1 ho palace Is a whole big Institution. There 

 arc many families living here." 

Neither ductile know how many rooms there 

 arc. "I can, never figure nut wluil counts us a room. I read once Hint there iirc uvcr MlO . . ." • 

She reports Dial a typical day starts early 

 with the famllv up at 7.ur so to brcakfjist loficllior. Then the children j-i, off [o school 

Scvenlccn.ycfir.old Princess Caroline is in ar s completing he,- baccalaureate degree 

 but Prince Albert, just lli, limi O.ycar-old l-riii' cess Stephanie hull, attend scliMil iii-Monaco and Ilicjj- pnrciils go to their respective offices.' 

Luncheon 

"The children otto,, eat earlier than we ,l« ;,l 

 n'g'''. and in ll,e evening they have (heir homework to do. My hnsbond catches ..„ ol, |, s 

 rivale correspondence It we're home but here arc usually itnngs we're required u, a - • lend, ur people lo receive 

Mo,nr°nSlvvf |hc U"1o W^''° "n'bifs'lnessTor 
Monaco. We have very little time fnr friends" fomonB them she names writer 1". ,ul ! Gr co 

 and ],c David Nivcns) "and for 
, 
" 

 pnvnte inlcrois. But thal's pan of our li c 
Monaco is very small, so we're i n v o l e hi 

 wn,M h^'' T"a"S "' morc "«"" """' i would bc^n a larger community " 

The reigning couple lakes the monarchy verv 

 seriously, formal official protocol i»ViKldfv observed in Monaco, whcretheGrimaldi family has ruled for 7oo years, and the prince is the supreme authority for matters great and small. 
' 
• 

A benevolent dictatorship it may belaud cor-' 

 lamly the princess seems not to be concerned about any abridgement of individual rights 

Despite Monte Carlo's gliUeri l l R reputation 

M an mlftrnwtonal gambling capital ""»o °" 
Uzi-n of i^lonaco ever gambles," she says. "It's a rule. !• or their own protection of conrsc-so they won I yo out ami lose all their moncv." She smiles charmingly. 

Citizenship 

She never renounced her American ci- 

 tizenship, but she does nut vote. "1 don't feel as though I have t'he right to vote in American elections. 
' Whatever her personal development, one of 

 the most obvious changes in Grace's life was the abrupt severance other never-resumed acling career. ' 
\ 

"I suppose 1 felt the need for self-expression 

 for finding oneself," she says of (he origin! motivation lo become an actress. 

"13ut w]ien I was single 1 was very indepen-. 

(lent. After I was m'arried, I had a husband to' think about, a responsibility to U|c Monegasqut- people. When you're young and selfish you think only about yourself, hut later you have to leave yourself behind a little bit. There arc too many oilier things to consider.-" 
...... 
. •• • 

And what will happen when her children arc 

 grown up? "Who knows! 1 don't think that far ahead; lean barely think as far as next week." 

Despite the prominent display in her office of 

 such relics of Ihc past as [lie Film Critics Award and Ihc gold record presented lo Grace Kelly and Bing Crosby for Ihu song "True Love," I he specific question of an eventual return lo stage or screen brings to her voice, a rarely-betrayed flash of the petulance Grace Kelly's moflior once described as her daughter's "old nasal whine." 

"Oh, I've been asked that 15 limes every year 

 for IS years. I hate hypothetical questions and answers!" 

Whatever her future holds, she says she 

 doesn't mind aging at all. 

"The Ining you worry about in getting older is 

 that you can't do the same things, tint all one's friends arc getting older, ton, so everyone is in 
Breakfast Club 
To Pay Tribute 

Woman's Breakfast Club will 

 meet nt 11 a.m. Thursday in (he 
Fort Sam Houston Officers' 
Club fur a program on 

"Americanism" anil a tribute to the military. 
.Randolph Women's Choral] will entertain, and officers will 
In1 elected 
' 

Mrs. .Samuel llurewil/ Is 

 hostess chairman, and Mrs. W. 
I,. Timmoiis and Mrs. Ilosea 
Dakar arc receiving reserva- tions. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Consider Hostess And Avoid 

DEAR ABBY: Here are the facts: A lady 

 was invited to a dinner party. While being greeted by her hostess, she saw a guest whom she had good reason to dislike intensely. She turned around and left Immediately. 

We (her friends) arc divided miles in tlial lady's moccasins, 

 in our opinions. Some of us 
Ihink she should have stayed and ignored the guest she disliked. Others say she was justified In leaving. 

Whnt would you have done If 

 you bad been in that situation? 

DEAR DIVIDED: Offhand, 

 out of consideration for my hostess I'd probably have stayed and avoided the guest I disliked. But what I would have done cannot be used as a fair criterion. For that I would have to have walked for nt least two 

Revealing 

DEAR ABBY: Please help 

 settle a dispute between my husband and me. We've been married a year, and unlil last week everything was fine and dandy. Last Saturday niglu we were Invited to a party at some friends' house. I bought myself a new dress for the occasion. It had a plunging neckline, and as 
I am sort of bosomy, it was a lil- llc revealing. 

I (bought it looked good. 

Seminar Slated 
On Retirement 

 al Traveler 

Here's Grace Kelly today, 18 years after her wedding lo the Prince of 
Monaco. 

(lie same boat, [('s cozy, and not so bad. The only thing dial's very sad is losing one's dear friends. I have friends of all ages, from Ihe theater, you know.whcreone is pals with people any age. 

"I've had an interesting and wonderful life, 

 and I like to ttiink I have made il so. if I've had unhappy moments I've probably made (hat so, too. We do il ourselves." 

She says that one thing which has helped tier 

 through bad times has been her religion, 
Hoiuan Catholicism. 

"I am very grateful for my faith. It has helped 

 me through many difficult periods, and I feel surry fur people who have lost their faith. When you have faith il solves so many oilier problems. 

"The Catholicism in our marriage was a very 

 strong link between us, and it helped many oilier mutual bonds. 

Religion 

"I think a lol of people go inlo marriage with : 

 the idea that if il docsn'l work, Ihcy'll get divorced. As a Catholic,I am against divorce. In some cases perhaps it'.s ihc only solution, bul il's nol for me lo make thai generalization. 

"I think people arc too ready to .swear forever 

 and always, without thinking seriously about wlial il involves. Marriage is uotan end in itself. 
II takes a lot lo make il work. Two people arc changing and growing all the lime." 

Il is difficult to detect any changes over the 

 years in Her Most Si-rcncc Highness Princess 
Grucruf Monaco. 

 lint it is not al all difficult lu deled when the 

 royal audience is uver. One is dismissed, although, of course, with gracious smiles and 
Ihc proper ameiiilie.-i am! rsiwicd from llic 
Tower by a guard. 

Outside a few drips of rain spatter onlu Ihc 

 palace's wide piazza, and people drift indoors. 
Except for the guards, bright and bold in their loy soldier regalia, slanding al attention beside the tiny candy-striped guardhouse at the palace door. 

Although the facade is an elaborately rococo 

 paslel confection, tlie palace is, in reality a 
•medieval fortress, the perfect place to protect 
;< fairy princess and her most serene life. 

"Wonderful 
World of 

Tomorrow," a seminar on re- tirement, will bo presented from 9:3o a.m. lo 3 p.m. Satur- day al Central . Clirislian 
Church by 
Kan 
Antonio 

Business and Professional 
. 
^ 
. 

A highlight of the meeting 

 will be a closing talk by 
Congressman Henry 15. Gon- zalez on "What Congress 
Proposes." 

Speaking at the morning ses- 

 sions will be the Rev. Dr. T. J. 
Youugblood on "Concept of 
Living." I'anel speakers will discuss financial planning, social security and Medicare, insurance and community ser- vices. 

Miss Rhobia C. Taylor will 

 speak on Department of Labor retirement policies al Ihe 
'luncheon. She is associate.us- sislani regional direclor~o~f the" 
Women's Bureau, Employment 
Standards 
Administration, 

U.S. Department of Labor. 

Entertainment will be 

 provided hy Senior Songsters of 

San Antonio, directed by Mrs. 
Alice O'Neill. 

Mrs. Harry 
If. Meyer is 

 chairman of (he seminar, and 
Mrs. 
James K. AInscs is 

 president of Ihc sponsoring club. 

Other members assisting are 

Mines. Barbara A. limit and 
Kiiili Cain Shawk, publicity; 
Margaret Groff, secretary: . 
Alice 
O'Neill, luncheon 

 program; and 
Roxio Lee 

Clements and fi. W. Wagnon, registration. 

Miss Alice Frorichs is ac- 

 cepting reservations. 

Hill Country 
Program Set 

Terrace 
Garden 
Club 

 members will meet al 1o a.m. 
Thursday at Wonderland to go totheMattcza Ranch. 

Mrs. Dorothy Matteza will be 

 hostess and will give a program on "Fabulous Fossils and Hill 
Country Lore." Mrs, Beverly 
Peel will be co-hostess. 

RNTIQUES 
SHOW-SB 
APRIL 13-14 
RDM 

SRT. I 

SUN. 

TEXAS 

;New President 
' 

To Be Hostess 

 ampler ]•:!•:, I'KO will mi-el 

 in the home of its new 

 president, Mrs. K.I). Wolfe.al 
1o a.m. Wednesday. Mrs. T.M. 
McCormick will lie co-lninless. 

Mrs. 
K.S. Wallers w i l l 

 present ;i program. "Our Wnrld 
Today Through Nature." 

Oilier new officers are Mines. 

H.W. Cui'lis, vice president; 
.J.Ci. Hi/or and .I.It, darner, secretaries; T..I. Moldenhaiicr. 
.treasurer; O.K. Ford, chaplain; 
,'andI''.S. Wallers, guard. 

Alumnae Elects 

Slalc of Officers 

Mrs. I Inward I'. Smllli will he 

 installed tin president of Ihe 
Dclln 'M» Ahimimc cliaplcr ;il 
7;3op.l!l.iTllurKday In Ihflunue of Mrs. T II. llrenuer. 

Also bi'lng Installed will he 

Mnirh. '•• M. Wallers, vice- president; Wayuo It, Weddle, 
M'crcn'iry; 'Hdyle 'Davis 
11,1 

Ircnsurer; mid Thurman A. 
Olriww. l.iiinpudlliir. 

Scott West, sliulonl from 

Holiciil'i. Loo IllllhSi'h.inl, will nrcnonl n iiroiinmi (l(l«l, "Ms- 
(till, World." 

AFTER EASTER 

5oo4 Broadway 
Alamo Heights 
SPECIAL GROUP 

Belter Dress Shoes 

 values to 

SLING— 

Bone, white, 
Green, & 
Black Patent 

SANDALS 

 values to 

White, 

. Rod Patent, 

Navy, Black, 
& Brown 

CLOG $59o 

 values 

White, 
Black Patent 

Aftliy 

However when I put it on, my husband refused to lake me lo 
Hie parly unless I changed lo something more conservative. 
Well, 1 refused, so we ended up slaying home. 

I think my husband is wrong 

 in dictalinf! wliat I should wear. 
I am ybiiiig and pretty anil en- joy admiring ionhs from other men. Is this so wrons, Alihy? I 
'could understand my husband's objections if I were foo fat or old 
In wear a dress like that. He said he wanted lo protect me from unwanted advances, and secondly, he wanted mo all to himself; he doesn't want other men lo see that much of mc.j 
What do yon think of lliisV M,\D 
ATMY.HUSB/VM) 

DEAR MAU: Some husbands 

 do not object if their wives wear revealing clothes, in which case, fine. But since yuur bus- baud docs—don't: 

Basketball 

DEAR 
ABBY: 
We arc 

 members of a small junior college baseball team who are going llirough 
Hie same 

 problem thousands of high schools and colleges are going 
Ihrough each year. The coach insists upon our getting our hair cut o[f al the cars and at the top o( our collars. 

This is his first year as a 

 baseball coach, and he ejipifls us lo sacrifice our hair for baseball although ihis college offers no scholarships, and Ihe learn agrees lhat they would give 1oo per cent al all limus. We can't sec how Ihe length of our 

 hair can make a difference in howweplay. 

In order for our college lo play 

 baseball we must have at least 
15 guys out, and when a coach makes such stiff demands, it causes some guys to (juit. This in turn hurts Hie school's chances for a winning learn. 

Whal's your opinion, Abby? 

TAM, CORN STATE 

DEAR CORN: I don't want lo 

 throw you a curve, but I'm with you 5o per cent. An athlete's liair should lw shorl enough in front so il doesn't gel into his eyes, bill what goes on in Ihc back should be his decision. 

CONFIDENTIAL TO CON- 

CERNED 
IN 
TABENTUM, 

'PA.: Your husband is 1(1o per cent wrong! Men can'have breast cancer, lie should sec a doctor about thai lump in his breast at once. 

Dear 
Abby 

Problems? you'll feel belter 

 ifyouget it o(fyourchcsl. Fora personal reply, write to ABBY: 
San Antonio News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex., 78297: 
Enclose stamped, self- 

 addressed envelope, please. 

Hate lo write letters? Send $1 

 to Abigail Van Buren at address above for Abby's booklet, "How to Write Letters for All Occasions." 

•DESIGN 
CARPETS 

A reflection of the bettor things in tile. This gold- rimmed hanging mirror is elegantly detailed and adds that special touch to a hall- way, a sitting room, or a bedroom. Priced at $79. 

And more. Liko custom car- peting, furniture, draperies 

 and accessories. Call or visit us and let us show you how we can help add that touch of class. Personal consulta- tion by appointment only, please. 

Interiors a toucti qf 

One Mite North 

Of Loop 41o 

67oo Dandera Rd. 
Phone: 684-5ooo 

(Aomanft Slioo 

 specialists inUshion tot ball and laige sizes 

AT ALL 3 STORES! 

After-Easter 

DRESS CLEARANCE 

Save 1/3 and more! 

SfZ£S12 l/ito24'/?, 16 and 2o 

12",.15" 
REG. $2o to $24 

REG. $26 lo $3o 

REG. $34lo $48 

17"ro19 

21"ro29 

99 

99 

OQ99 
AAW 
J7 
KG. $6o to $7o 

Exciling Voluosl We've reduced on otlroctive 

 group of current fashions from our own 

 fine quality slocks. There arc dresses 

 for all occasions, jockol dresses ond 

 coat costumes... to wear now and 

 through summer and perfect for 

 travel. Of easy-care polyesters 

 ond jarseys in wonlei) colors. 

Shop early for best selections. 

ALL SALES FINAL, 

PLEASE! 

1616 NO. MAIN AVE. • NORTH STAR • MILITARY DR. PUZA 

Alto In (oipui (hiitti ond llouilon 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974' 

SALE 

SOLID GOLD 

BRACEIET WATCHES 

Theiewolcheiwcfeacqu'iredp/ror i« preient inaeatei in gold pikes an w« are polling the ia vings on to yoj 

». On Iri k!i en oealcM nd iii: sn«ilb d 

Oil neTbdi cl Ibt fd i-ihiui by a 
Slomoroji I»H i:lid g>'d wovto m«K 

K, 

 e ii (. n:n :f.,t 
B. O.i Ih ni j.V a A lin 
. 
. 

•roliri t.tp'.rai.nd by a kinfini HA t»««1il i.i briik palliti itid joH irr.Jt w yel'j*. 
S(?iM«!J( r», $295.oo 

Iro'r tat K ftrk J(w,l<ri. 
„,.,(,„ ro» o, rrcr1-j 

SS3.M Is SS.OOO oo. 

BUY SIX WAYS: 

CASH, lAYAWAr, BtDGlTCrlARGI, 
9oD4YCHAIGt.BAH*AMr(liaflD, 

MASlfRCHHGI 

IRAVIJPARKJEVmfRS 

-.4MN.ir.nursu3.ms •.:. 

. Optn MoniJoy fjuu ttifoi 
,' . 

Alums Set 
Luncheon, 
Installation 

Delta Delia Delia Alumnae 

 will meet at 1o:15 a.m. Wed- nesday in the home of Mrs. Joe 
W. Jones for a "Six Flaps Over 
Texas" gourmet luncheon. 

Dick 
Reiner of 

Gildcmeisler's will present ;i 
.program on dinniomls. 

Officers to be installed are 

Mines. William B. Tarver, president; Jon G. Ford and 
Gerald 
McAllister, vice- 

 presidents; Sam Bashara and 
Bill O'Connell, secretaries; 
David Daviss. treasurer; ,1. P. 
Wood, publicity chairman: and 
Hubbard Piirks ami Franklin 
Houser, Panhellenic delegate and alternate. 
Wives' Club 
To Install 
Mrs. Dodge 

Southwest Research Center 

 ilaff Wives' Club will meet for luncheon at 11:3o a.m. Wednes- day in Canyon Creek Conntrv 
Club. 

Texas historian C. Stanley 

Banks, will speak. 

Officers to be installed are 

Mines. 
Frank 
Dodge, 

 president; Amos Greer. vice- president; Edgar Dupre and 
Gary Moore, secretaries; and J. 
E. Johnson, treasurer. 

Hostesses will be Mines Jolin 

 it. Barton, William Harlmvc. 
•lenry F. Hamil and Robert 
Swanson. 
'Gift of Color' 
To Be Discussed 

San Antonio Garden Center 

 will meet in the center at 9::IO a.m. Wednesday for a briefing on the Sprinp Klower Show. 

Mrs. David P. Martin will 

 present "The Gin of Color". 
Mrs. II.T. Taylor is program chairman). 

Make Your Hospital 
Stay More Enjoyable 

 lly Jennifer Anderson 

Feeling and looking beautiful does wonders 
Ask 

 for one's morale. And never is it more im- portant that on those occasions when a trip to 
Jennifer 

 the hospital is necessary. 
J 

At ihest limes, I feel a bag newsccnlyoii'vealway.swanlcd it. All HIP things you: haven't 

 should lie packed as carefully to Indulge in). And, of conrso, had time to try, such as a face as it would be for a lrin to a fine body lol ion aiul liatli powder, gel lo add a natural-looking resort hotel. 
Take along Hie soap you prefer, 

Your atlitude loward your- oroneofthcncwhodyshaiiipoiis 

 self can do a Rreat deal toward lhal keep you fresh and com fur- 

'"'" table longer. 

• As for makeup — lake lols at 

Now It's Tennis, Everyone' 

To meef the needs of everyone courting tennis these days, Tennis Woman has opened a new shop in Central Park Mall. Diversity in fashions for the gome is evidenced in.Connie's hatter-necked, flirt-skirted dress and Marcy's classic ensem- ble teaming Head's open-mesh, bright pink "sweaters" and white shorts The original shop is in Dijon Plaza. 

4o,ooo Books For Sale 

"I COULD HAVE DANCED ALL NIGHT 

Capture a romantic mood in this refreshingly pretty party dress of sheer printed voile. 
Long full sleeves, square neck, smocked bodice and'a very full skirt. What a "love-erly" way to dress up this season. Green or peach. 
Sizes 5 to 13. 
$43. 

OPENV/EEK-NITESTILL9 P.M. 

Vie your Junior Whirl Charge or major credit caidi. 

San Antonio Chapter, Bran 

 dcis j\ational Women's Com- mittee, will hold a book sale 

Sunday, April 21. through April 
"7 in North Star Mall. 

Mrs. 1'hillip Nalhansoii is 

/"" 
"\i 

Enter the World of Beauty through the World of... 

WENDY WARD 

FASHION, 6EAUIY AND CKABM COUSSES FO« 
EVfRV ACE! SEVEN WEEKS OF fXCIIiNC SESSIONS wnM A WENDY WASO i 

 sugar and spice 

Clouci (or children ages 4 lo 9. Inilruclion on eliquelle, how lo moke introduclioru, table manners, poilura. grooming, pofse. Ton have tun showing you what they've leaded in a 
Foihion Show GfoduaKon. 

Six claiiet, 1-hour weekly t ] o 

Clauei iloil Man., May 6 

 crossroads to charm 

Golieiforlhe junior miss, ages 1o lo 13. learn grooming, skin and hair core, mani- cure, poMure, loble manners, wardrobo core. 
Close wilh a Foihion Show Giaduolion. 

Six clones, 1'A-hours weekly 
S15 

Clatlel lEarl Mo.i, May 6 

 wendyvvard course 

Teenogerj, 14 lo IB, Intcrciting jeiiiom lo leorn poilurt, vilual poiis, giooming, ikln ond hoir care, make-up, social gracei, ward- robe selection ar.d coordinaMon. Ending wi:K o Fashion Show Gracfyaiion. 

Six sesiiam. 1 Vi .hours weekly .. l } 5 
C.tmei Harl Moi., May 6 
' 

 advanced teen charm 

Must hove Wend/ V/a/d Teen Coune or iim* 
5far IrainJng, Session} Ircu/i in melhod* modclt use for make-up, hair styling, voice, diclion 
Guidance irmea.Jva wardrobe selection, poii& and pertonaFily. 

Six icnlons, Itt-hoim weekly 
Cloiin ilart Mm., May 6 
'2o 

CAIL WENDY WARD NOW 

736-4111 
Wonderland 
532-8881 

McCroless 

WARDS 
"CHARGE 
IT!" 

 chairman of the event which will feature more than -1o,o(K) old and new books. Mrs. Ber- nard Lcvine is co-chairman. 

Assisting are Mmes. Marvin 

Lebman, S. F. Goodman and 
Albert Eerier. 

Proceeds will benefit Bran- 

 deis University libraries. 

Memlicrs donate books to the 

3o correctional institutions in the United Slates. The local chapter also donates books lo nearby small towns needing a certain number of volumes lo become eligible for stale library aid. 

Collectors looking for a 

 specific lillc may receive as- sistance by sending (lie request lo Box 868, San Antonio. 7MI. 
Retired Teachers 
To Hear Review 
San 
Antonio 
Retired 

Teacher's Association will meet at 1:3o p.m. Wednesday at 
Hie Marshall Street Center. 

Mrs. J. P. Cochrane will 

 review Moffett Sinclair Hen- derson's hook "A Long, Long 
Day for November." An elec- tion of officers will also be held. 

Hostesses for the social hour 

 will be Miss Will Ann Wheat. 
Mrs. M. Clir Alvarez. Richard 
Burton Hill, .1. L. Ownes, Theo 
Kilin, and 
Misses 
Ariela 

Carlisle and Olvie Powell. 

 speeding your recovery. 

First Baby 

Dear Jennifer: 

1 am expecting my firsl baby 

 and am very excited as Ihc big day draws near. I've never broi confined to a hospital for any reason and 
I'm rather 

 apprehensive about the enlirc experience. The doctor lias (old me to have a bag packed and ready to go, but I'm nol sure jusl what to take — how much or how little. Can yon give me some lips? Susan C., Woodruff 
Wis. 
Drar Susan: 

Before I give you lips on what 

 lo take along, here are some suggestions of things to do tii'jurc the due dale — tilings thai will make your hospital slay easier and more pleasant. 

• Get a good haircut — one 

 dial can be washed in the shower and blown dry with a hand blower. \ol only will it \K easy!» handle in the iinspiial, u will keep your hair in healthful condition after you gel home 
(split ends will bo Irinnncd off, forexample). 

» Give yourself a manicure 

 and pedicure. If you remove liair from 
Uic' legs and 

 underarms, do ii no\s p. 

• Give yourself a nightly 

 massage wilh a rich body lotion to keep the skin supple and smooth. 

Packing 

N'ow for what |o put in (]IM bag: 

• I'ack a pretty nightgown 

 and an outrageously fluffy bed jacket. Vou'll need a long robe, too, and slippers. 

• Organic sliampnoanda hair 

 conditioner, along with your hair blower, will take tare of your hairdo needs. 

• Perfume dry some brand- 
Miss Sahm, 
Mr. Preston 
Set Wedding 

Miss llallic Klizubclli Sahm, 

'laughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
William A. Sahm, is engaged ID 
Kevin Anthony Preston, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Preston. 

The bride-elect and her 

 fiance are graduates of Sam 
Hnnsloii High School, lie is a 
[Si'iiior al Texas A i M Univer- sity. 

Their wedding is planned for 

May 25 in Bethany United 
Church of Christ. 

Agarila SJates 
Ranch Meeting 

Agarita Garden Club will 

 mcel at 1o a.m. Wednesday in 
(he home of Mrs. K.W. Ciil- niore. Members will continue to 
Winndrifl Ranch fur luncheon. 

Co-hcislesses will be Mrs. 

Murray VV'inn .Jr., diaries A. 
ReytmMs and -Stanley Ash. 

 flush, glosses for the lips and chocks, paslel eyeshadow in creams or powders (the new ones arc so natural that it will look like your own radiance). 

Mr. Simms, 
Miss Simank 
To Marry 

Miss Mary Margaret Simank, 

 daughter of 
Mrs. 
Arthur 

Simank and the late Capl. 
Simank, is engaged to Ronald 
Alan Simnis, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Samuel C. Siinms Jr. of 
Garland. 

A graduate of Alamo Heights 

High School, Miss Simank received her bachelor of arts degree niagna cum laude from 
Trinity University. 

She was a member of Alpha 

Lambda Delta. Alpha Chi and I 
Delta Tau Omega. Presently she is a first-year medical student at llie University of 
Texas Health Science Center at 
San Antonio. 

Mr. Simms is a graduate of 

Garland High School and is scheduled to receive his 

 bachelor of arts degree cum 

MISS MARY SIMANK 

 laude from Trinity University in May. lie is a member of 
Kap.pa'Detta Pi, Alpha Chi and 
Phi Beta Kappa. 

The couple is planning a July 

'JO wedding in Christ Lutheran 
Church. 

OPEN MOM. TILL 8 
P.M. 

AFTER EASTER 

CLEARANCE 

FAMOUS LABEL MISSES & JR. 

* DRESSES 

* PANTSUITS 

* SPORTSWEAR 

NOW 

UP 
TO 

All Sales 

Final 
ORIG. NAT'L 
ADV. 
PRICES 

(ENTIRE STOCK NOT INCLUDED) 

OPEN MONDAY TILL 8 P.M. 

WE HONOR 

 v ACTORY OUTLET 

447 WEST HIIDEBRAND 

[OPEN MON. & THURS. -m a PW SAT. TIL 6 PM PE3-9o41 

SHOE SHOPS 

NORTH STAR MALL 

NEW SHOES FOR A NEW SEASON. 
IN YOUR SIZE 

A fonder little walker wilh o smattering 

 of tiny openings across the front to lot you feel 

 the soft breezes. Suppto leather, and 

 beautiful fit, loo. Colors navy, 

 black, bone, white, camel. 

WE-HAVE YOUR SIZE 

AAAA 

7.1o 

BonMmarltard - Mai tar Chara* • Shoppcn Charge 

MA 

7.1o 

AA 

4.11 

. 
A 

«•! 

B 

•j.u 

C 

. «.» • 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Everybody Loves Pinocchio 

T?1 
' 
' 

1. s. 
3. 

How To Crush Steel 
Can With Bare Hand 

By Tom Ktrrell and toe ICisenlicrg 

Wivarc talking here about a steel beer can, 

 not piat new aluminum kind, Aluminum is for sissies, and everybody knows it. 

Contrary to popular l.olicf, 
UXL,;I 1KlhUs arc vvon by ,.IV. 

 crushmi! a beer c-an wilt, o1,o jng Witstc ,„ ., vasl mln,|lp|. ;if handI dues not require slmigll,. cans tJirajj-lwuUn afternoon w 
Br ic iticnKth will do u, surc. evening. Remember that you but llic iKiint of showing off is tn do more and better lliinys than ymir' natural 
I'liclmvmenls 

 ullnw. 

Properly done, tin- (rick Ik's 

 in flie Icdimque we'll explain lip re. 

Bui why crush beer cans? 

First, it flattens them and 

 yourself miisl drink the hcer from all onus you endeavor to crush. Don't go"around picking up nllier people's cans. It 
-simply doesn't look good. 
Heady now? 

 keeps tin-in from rolling noisily down theater or railroad-car aisles. 
More important, 

 crushing beer cans is a terrific way to get attention un (lie iH-ach or at a fraternity parly. 
Alliance 
Francaise 
Awards 

Twn scholarship awards will 

 be presented at the 7:M p.m. 
Friday meeting of Alliance 
Franchise in Southwest Cnn 
Center. 
; 

Presenlalions will be mnde 

 by.fcan-]ac<|iics Aaron, French cultural attache to the tieneral 
Consulate of Franco in Hous- ton. 

Recipients are Lisa Terrell of 

Winston Clinrchill High School and Mark Hoberson of Alamo 
Heights High Schuul. They are members of the club and Ms 
•firs! scholarship award 

.winners. 

Kita Langfnrd »'ill discuss 

Old Ursuline. Academy, which was foiiiuled by a Kronen order of nuns, and will give a tour of the center. 

Scholarship winners were 

 chosen for their accomplish- ments in the study of French. 
Until will use their Krauts.to continue college study of the language. 

.Membership inform'aUnn 

 may be obtained from Mrs. 
Ai'iwld'll. Uubson. 

1) Hold the can in whichever 

 hand is most comfortable. The: ends of Ihe can should he equidistant from the point at which the can rests on your palm, (figure 1) 

-) Place your middle finger 

 on the can's midpoint anil 

Mark 
Lisa 

Craig-Ferrell 
Wedding Set 
For July 13 

Thejcngagemcnl of Miss 

Vicki Elizabeth Craig to .lames 
TaylonKerroll, sun of Mr. and 
Mis. Llnyil C. Ferrell, is an- nounced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Morris S. Craig. 

The bride-elecl ahd her 

 fiance are graduates of Tlumias 
Kdisonltigh School. 

Stic is a candidate for May 

 graduation from Southwest 
Texas Stale University with a degree in home economics and nutrition. 

 lie is a physical education 

 major at Sonlhwcsl Texas State 
University. 

Their wedding is planned for 

July 13 In Trinity Episcopal 
Church, 

Women's Club 
Elects Officers' 
Mrs, K. (J. Vanglit is the 

 ni-wly elected president of 
Sliaviinn Park Women's Clnli. 

.Other officers are Mines. II. 

W. Christopher Jr.. and Sig 
•SonvisiH). vice pri'.sliii-nts; S. 
M. Ililey, secretary; and W. (.'.. 
Viinng, treasurer. 

CALL AL 

732-9731 
355W.JOHFHI« 

Show-Off 

 s(|iicezd firmly with the middle finger, backed up with the third and index fingers, (figure '2) 
Make a slight dent, hnl he careful not to dent the opposite, palm side of the can. 

3) Deepen the crease until it is 

 aboul one-third of the can's diameter. The crease should he perpendicular to the length of the can and equidistant from each end. As you deepen the crease, begin |o rotate the can slightly, (figures) 

4) Kxert more force with your 

 fingers. jU'cnll' 'up um'iftlie valley of tlie crease is a (iii'arU-r- ineh from Ihe palm side of the can (which should still be smooth and unbuckled). Now, shifting your grip if necessary, squeeze the ends of (he can toward each other until the can begins to fold up. (figure 4) 

5) Push the ends at the can 

 together until they touch, 
(figures) 

Practice the procedure until it 

 all takes but a few seconds. If there is a trash barrel nearby, throw th.e crushed can into il. 
Don't litter—being a slob is not an acceptable way to show off. 

If yon have an attenlion- 

 grabber (6 share, write to 
"SHOW-OFF" care of Sai 

Antonio Kxpress-News, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex. 782!)?. • 

6. 

Garner PTA 

Install 

A 
Ijuii'd program will 

 highlight Ihe (Earner Middle 
School Parent Teacher As- sociation meeting at 7:3o p.m. 
Tuesday in the auditorium. 

The band is under the direc- 

 tion of Mclvin A. Isdale and 
Norman L.-Bielss Jr.. 

Newly elected officers will 

 also be installed. 'they include 
Mrs. Joseph M. Dawson Jr., president; 
Mrs. 
I,ec 
\V. 

Coleman Jr., vice-president; 
Mrs. 
Morton B. Hassan, 

 recording secretary; Mrs. 
Walter A. Bielstein, corres- ponding secretary; and Mrs. ,1. 
Don Hudspelh, Ireasurcr. 

Ky Dan D'Jmpcrlo 

Q: "Has Pinocchio 

 captured the imagina- tion of the antique set?"—Gctic, Gaines- ville, Fla. 

A: Pinocchio meinnrahlia is 

 popping up ill flea markets everywhere as nostalgia an-' flque buffs have fallen in love with (his delightful marionette. 
Anything and everything per- taining-to perky I'inncchio is 
I'Strcmely saleable presently. 
Now, initial's not the truth folks, lei's hope my nose docsn'l grow any longer! 

Pinocc'hlo values: Doll, I I 

 inches tall, wnnd-jninted, 

 designed by Wall Disney, $-17; bisque figure, $1o; windup toy, 
S3H; hand puppet. $12. 

Q: "We have a basement full 

 of old granilcwarc in various colors. Is it wanted 
1.' When was 

 il ixjpular?" —Mrs. 
I,., Fort 

Wayne, Ind. 

A; 
Visitors lo the 

Philadelphia Centennial Kx- posilion of I87G were ecstatic over the exhibits of this excit- ing new eookwarc made of iron with enameled coating. 

Within a Few short years, 

 pantries were bulging with this mollled ware in various colors including gray, light blue, dark blue, turquoise, yellow and uiack. Il was also known as 
"agateware," "enamelware" 
'and "granite ironware." 
! In Ihe early :!otli century, solid white granileware will 
. never permil a chip or two lo deter them from acquiring an 

! example. Chances arc 

 if you iidvcrll.se your old granileware in Ihe local news- paper, you'll have Ihe flea marketeer crowd staging a rally on your lawn before ila« pn! 

Q: "Tartan related antiques 

 are my bag. Can these acquisi- tions be dated?" — Sylvia, 
Colorado Springs, Col. 

A: (juccn Victoria purchased 

Balmoral Castle In 1852 and 

,, 
.. 
, presto a tarlan fad developed, 

OranHe-ware value: Coffee Therefore, when" tarlan trcas- 

 liot tnnllleil blue, $H. 
,]rc or n-jfie crosse.s vour 

Flea 

Market \ 

 path, il may be possible to date il from Die 195os or ISGfls. •;.' 

Tiirtan value: Staffordsfijrc" 

'figurine. Highland cnslifmc. 

Out of 
Hot Water? 

Call Sears for Fast 
Emergency 
Replacement 
Service 

Any \Vnicr Healer Sali- eiiiniiklnl hy2.]'.M. w i l l hi! insl.ill|.,l tauw day. • 
(liislalluliuii exlr.i.) 

SAVE$1o 
Three-stage Gas 
Water Heater 

$89 

"Flnine w i l l i a hruiri" auto, nuticnlly ndjusls gas ingint to 
^^'.^U 
1r usr:--|iigfi for [irnk |W,- 

 rioiU, low for normal tnMlin^. 
Tinik fined u-il); rtisl-rr.sihi.iiti 

4o-Cnllon 
Hcgnlnr Sllfi.9r> ... ... SW 

H.'litOl 

Model "»OIC" 

Wulcr Sofl«ncr 

*2o9 
Iti-Kiilur S26o,<)5 

Kinr fur small fainilirs. Kn 
"•alrr witli u|> lo KU linrilnrs 

Hull! Prices pndil ihm April 1 7ll) 

Ask Aboul Scnra Dnivuiilont Credit Pinna 

KatisffH'tinn 
(titarntttci'rt or Yfntr Money Hack 

.SHOP 

AT SKAKS 
AND SAVU 

HOME 

OF 

HOME 

IMPKOVCMCNT 

(>nlr«l I'irk Slorc 

K*rt I'erfroil 

Man. thru 8*1, 

9i3o-9 

Downluwn l'l>z» Slorc 

Saletlid ni \nvma 

Mon, mil Thuni. 9iSl)-< 

Allolh«rd»y»9i3o-fi 

Mllilnry Drive Stare • 
•I I'ltuMMlon Hd. 

Man, thru SKI. 

9i3o-9 

 loimeily Ytonci's 
Nwth Slai toll 

AFTER EASTER 

>: 

CLEARANCE 

 of daytime dresses, long dresses,. 

 sportswear separates and accessories 

25% to 35% off 

+J+J 

Sears 

Sale $6 Off 

; \ 

14-Speed Blender! pecially Designed 

 for 

Thorough Blendin; 

Regular S24.99[| 

Comes will a uniquely designed, 

5-cu|i UlendMaslcr™ glass jar thai 

 circulates food directly onto tlie blades 

 for Lcllcr l)Iending. fnsla-hlcml but- 

 ton gives you quick stop-imd-starl action, 

(.'iiini-s in eurrcy yvllniv and purscly. 1899 

-•5:*, 

CHAHGE IT on Scars Revolving Chorgc 

 f 

More Guaranteed Electrics 
^ 

Automatic 4-slice Toaster 
- 

Four slice tonstcr includes dual conlrols, ciieh willi a sc|)arali- browiuiosis control. 
Chronic 

 plated cnsc with black trim. 

Regular * 17.99 
1499 

GUAKANTKK 

For imo year, upon rnlitrii 
Sears will replucc llicseSenrfl coimler-lop nnplinncrs frfio of clinrge, if ilofeclive. 

Sears Oven-Broiler 

Regular f 19.99 1699 

Ovcn-lirnik-r with roniinunus cleaning interior. Chronic plntcd sice! exterior. 
Broils slcnks, grills snndwirhr«. Adjnsl- nldc: llicrmoslol control. 

Suit! prices In cffi'cl lliruiigli April 17 

Satijfncttoii Gunrnntccd or Your Money Ruck 

« I'lii* Slnr^ 
MHiliT)' llrlir Slorc 

• I >i..rm 
.1 l'k.,.nlnn II.I. 

Ihu,, '):,lll 'I 
Mon. Ikra S.l. 

Crnlr«l T>rk Slnrr 

S.« I'r.lio il loon HO 

Kon.lhm >i*l. 

.HllOt' AT SKARS 

AND SAVK 

Vlllri.lll 
1,71--if, H 

Mun. Ikru h>t 

'Ml 

W.2 ll<n,lr» 11,1. 

Illlllmin Ilil,.'i;,7ll 

H..n. ll,iii III. V.7. S.lui.l.,'!.(, 

 f> HI HrIj^KbnTHooH i[ort()i 

1.1oo !>.W.W. WWicKJ. 

3^1-291o 
U.M I'll Ho.;tr II 

MB-J47I 

Mo..lkru Fll.9. 

StlurJt) o-6 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 197 

Son Antonio's Newest Fostion Stor«...WithThe Prettiest Shoes in. Town 

JOYCE, 
'SideSlep 
1, in Green, 

| Pink, Yellow or 

While Leather, 21.oo. 

16o Central Pa* Mall, Ph. 341-86o1 

Smoking Out a Lot About Pot 

Ucar Ann Landers: Perhaps you will 

 remember me because I produced an unex- pected avalanche of mall for you (and myself) when I reported some scientific findings which took marijuana out of the "harmless" class and termed it "a present danger and possibly more destructive to future genera- tions than we now realize." 

My mime is Hanliu B. Jones. 

I ilm a Professor of Medical 
I'hysics mid 1'hysioloRy at (liu 
University of California at 
Berkeley. 1 serve also as the 
Assistant Director of Donner 
Laboratory. 

Here is additional informa- 

 lion resulting from recently concluded studies. 1 lioiie yon will share it with .voiir readers. i Professor 
Stcnchcvcr, 

University nf Utah Medical iSchool, hns found liial ninsl of 
•the psychedelic drnss lie has 

 tested, including LSI), do NOT cause measurable chromosome damage, hut marijuana and hashish 1)o. 
. [ 

Furthermore, the effect ap- 

 pears to he of considerable consequence. Moreover, almost as much damage occurs with occasional use as ivilli daily use. • 

What worries us is that 

 broken chromosomes arc symptoms of severe damage to the genes. We can sec these '. 

Ann 

 chromosome breaks wllli .1 
.microscope but the genes are still too small to be seen in de- tail, even under electron equipment. 

In current reports of scien- 

 tific studies, animals exiioscd 

 to inurljmimi nr hashish 

 produce a larger number of deformed offspring. 

Also , In the lower social 

 strata of foreign cuuntries where liashish'aixl niiirijiiiina are used extensively, there is an unusually high incidence of malformed children. Most of the affected ncwbonis do not survive because of ihc meager resources of these people. 

Effect 

I have boon informed by 

 physicians who sec babies born to drug-culture persons in this country that they, loo. see a disproportionate iiiimlicrB/f malformed infants. The effect may be the result of smoking marijuana during pregnancy or of gene damage in (he develop- ing embryo. 

In his recent bouk, 

."Marijuana: Deceptive Weed," 

OF YflRBS OF QUALITY FABRICS ,,, SHOP WHERE YOU GET THE BEST 

Prices Good 
Monday & Tuesday at all 4 cloth world locations. 

Broadway location will be closed Easter 

 j 
Sunday 

& 

DOUBLE KNITS 

For summer time fashions and fun, cloth world has yards and yards of 6o inch coordinate polyester double knits, with a rainbow of patterns and colors. And at the end of this 

 rainbow there is a pot-o-gold "savings." The "Do Everything" fabric. 
YARN DYED 
MACHINE WASHABLE 
PERMA PRESS 
1oo% POLYESTER 

Reg. 5.88 Yd. 
Yard 

HI FASHION 

6o" wide 1oo) Polyester 
Great Selection of 
Spring Colors 

FRESH AIR CREPE 

<:^%. 
$'' fit^ '~'& 
"^ 
/<-/' wijCTl'iT:/*• '-"v<- Moonis. . .w 

• '•'* W™ " ;•' l>Hls ri"K- ' '""'' n " 
;i'-' 
/^ Yi \ 
'^, "">•>"'«• nrrlvcs. T* 

 inntflrnl 

. To mnk<- 
Iiml ilronin conic I rue. In roitiplclp porffrHori. (m ,, lo 11.1 for holji with your 

Mon 

•J8I5 KKUAUWAY 

Al.lruo llci|;lils 

Pliniin No. 824-2-1-19 

OPEN t DAYS A WEEK 

•I-'rl. 9:3oA.M.-3P.M.-ll[A.M.-SP.M.-SUNDAY 

8125 MEADOW I,KAF DR. 

Ctirnrr of M.irli.n li lid. ami J,nu|, 111) 

.1'lionr No. 673-7161 

OPEN i DAYS A WEEK 

Mon.-l-'rl. 3:3o A,M,-J I'.M.—Sal. 3:3o A.M.-6 P.M. 

J'lionr No. 
OPCN 6 DAYS A WEEK 

Mon.-Kri. 9:;i» A.M.-O I'.M 

Snl. »i3o A.M.-f) P.M. 

SSORTED STITCH 

1oo% 
Polyester 

DOUBLE KNITS 

6o" wide 
Great selection of 
Spring colors 

DRESS KNITS 

Yard 

SCREEN PRINTS 

1oo% Cotton 
45" wide 
Machine Washable 

ANTIQUE SATIN 

DRAPERY 

45" wide 74% Rayon 26% Acetate 

Good selection of colors 

6oH WEST AVENUB i nrilrr nf WrM A\rnnr & Loop 11o 

1'lionc No. 3-19-1269 

OPEN t DAYS A W E B K 

Mcn.-Frl. 9:31 A.M.-S I'.M.-Sal. 9: JO A.M.-l 

Ann 

Landers 

Says 

Professor Gabriel Nil has of 
.Columbia University slates 
Dial marijuana d e f i n i t e l y 

 damages the genes. Prof. 
Nahas is considered a highly 
•respected authority in this field. 

Tied in with this new scien- 

 tific evidence is the finding 
(mentioned in my original lellei to you) that there is now a grow- ing body of evidence thai marijuana smokers do have problems with memory. 

In my own work, which is 

 directed to the evaluation and recovery of cannibus users. I have extensive priiof that those., who slop using marijuana are • amazed when they witness the return of functions they didn't realize llieyliad lost. 

I hope this is helpful to you, 

Ann.—HardinB. Jones 

Dear Dr. Jones: "Helpful" is 

 a modest word, indeed. I am deeply grateful for your follow- up letter, telling of the progress made in researching Ihe long- 
Tatige effects of put and hash. 

I fervently hope thai your 

 letter will be noted by legisla- lors who want to legalize marijuana and that the pot- heads on! llierc svill pay atten- tion. 

What's prudish? What's 

O.K.? If you aren't sure, you need some help. It's available in the booklet: "Nocking and Pet- ting—What Are the Limits?" 
Mail your request to Ann 
Landers, San Antonio Kxpress, 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex.. 
7S2II7, enclosing 5o cents in coin and a long, stamped, self- addressed, cn.ve.topc. 

CPA Auxiliary 
Slates Election 

Women's Auxiliary of Cer- 

 tified Public Accountants will meet at II a.m. Wednesday in 
Northern Hills Country Club. 

Officers will Iw elected, and a 

 migrant on "l-'resh Flowers'" will be presented liy a Kelly 
SclHMTcr representative. 

Mrs. Robert M. .Jackson will 

 be cliah man of the hostesses. 

Why should a girl with looks, charm and personality^*) to 
Arthur Murray's? 

1b keep in touch 

 with today: 

Tniicli"(l;iiu-iiiu i1! luck.'Ih.ii 

 licit yon liolil yoiirp.iilnci - nil lie holds you! 

 llmvilnynii"w:iini ii|i"io 

.1 I .V.ser.' How do you 

:i hliicVci! out movie house'.' 
Why run tcliiilo your tliintMin conic ulivi: ;il Arlliur Mun;iy\ 

O.incini; is .1 hi:irvolons 

 uiiiililicuici. Touts up j-nui 
Ixxly tint! your inimll 'I'liu u.iy 

 i 
- lf;ich i)--ii\ .such ;i 

JOIICK IM 

CALL NOW 
341-6115 

• I'll-l. Antn.i Mnn.i,,|,h 

Auxiliary Plans 
Varied Events 

Knslcr Swil Aiixlliury will 

'meet al 1o inn. !.'r|(|,,y iU t||(, center. Tlic executive commit- tec will tiK'ct al D:l!i a m 

 llcsemiUnns urfi now litlnj;1 

 accepted for the iiwunl 

Iilncliron In May. 

Volunteers I nt ores led in 

(willing xvitli (lie cm-rent Master 
•Seal campiilijii may call ||u> 
Center to donate llicir time. 

U*td 

RAP SESSION II 

WITH 

STEVE DAVIS 

The gols who lamented 

Hie passing of the shorl- short can now take heart 
... A new short invades the fashion market ... It's the 
FANNY FLASHER. 

* * * 

The unexpected 

 becomes BIG fashion ... 
It's 3oce combined with colton ... lace paired with denim ... looks fabulous in floor length, tie-waisted skirts. 

* * * 

Try wearing your lialler 

 top with jeans ... Ihen cover it with a voile print shirt... looks fantastic. 

* * * 
What you wear is what 

 you are. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

They're Too Young' 

By Andrea Wright 

"Waiting lo die" wasn't their idea of re- 

 tirement, so they hoarded a freighter for 
Europe, bought a car and trailer with their savings when they got there, and for the next two years covered 68,ooo miles. 
- 

Back in the Slates, Lee and {having Imill three by Uiern- 

 l.ucille f)alc hoiikcil up [he 

To Retire 

Volunteer Carpenters 

255 E. HOUSTON ST., Downtown 

CCNTRAL PARK MAIL • MlllTARY DRIVE PIA7A (liolwtcn Scon 

 o-Kl Di'lrud'i) • WONDERIAND CtNlER 

The 15-foot cross being restored to its former position on high at San Antonio's 
Methodist Mission Home chapel fell last October during a church service. Lee and 
Lucille Dale resurrected the cross among other carpentry jobs while volunteering their services enroute back to Florida. 

 trailer again and have hecn on the road ever since, working from one location lo the next as volunteer carpenters. 

"When we finally do have to 

 lake lo our rocking chairs — because nf ill health or something — we'll have memories to last us our life- time," says Lucille. 

At ages fi5 and 58, the couple 

 isn't really planning lo grow old, anil says they've "never felt better" than since they left a rniiline cily life behind them three years ago. 

'Climbing' 

"Yoirre no longer concerned 

 about a promotion," philoso- phizes Mr. Dale, a Former mail- carrier, 
"or impressing 

 anyone, so you can really do whatever gives you the most pleasure." 

Volunteering (heir services lo 

 the many church organizations they've contacted across Ihe country obviously gives them bolh a great deal of pleasure, lo say nothing of keeping them young at heart and healthy of mind and body. 

"So many retirees sit and 

 don't do anything, day after day, year after year; if they would just get up and get involved in doing something for other people." 

"Everyone," points out Mrs. 

Dale, "docs have something he likes lo do—sewing, gardening, painting—and is good enough at it lo offer his services the way wedo." 

 sclvcsandsrjldlwo). 

They like lo lell of what was 

 perhaps Ihcir strangest assign- mcnl, llial ot corroding a faulty totem pole. 

Totem 

The administrator of an 

Anchorage, Alaska, children's home is also a "master car- punter" and had, with the as- sistance of some of the children, conslruclcd a lolcm 

 of a young 

Beginning at the bottom, 

 they elaborately carved the girl's head and long tresses, and upon completing Ihe 2o-font lolern, discovered (hey had 
.overlooked leaving space for its base: 

"The lolem poles have lo 

 have about four feet of space lett at Ihe very bottom," explains 
Mr. Dale, "lo be stuck into the ground. "So he tells us thai (he governor is coming lo dedicate 
(he tolem, and tor us to fix il up 
'lo be about 3o inches off Ihe ground for the girl's face and hair to show." They did. and the totem now slands creel, based solidly to withstand the oft- times 7o mile-per-hour Alaskan winds. 

 mollicr-grandfathcr image for them," says Mrs. Dale. 
. fn a California children's home, as they were leaving, a liltlc girl approached Ihe Dales, and pressed a nole in Mr. Dale's hand. 

"II was so full of love, she 

 had written tilings like 'I love you so much1 and 'you're the nicest people I ever knew' and 
•'1 wish you could slay 

 forever'." 

"For many ol them, it means 

 having someone who belongs lo them for just a little while." 

Atlyire 

The Dales' advice to other re- 

 tirees.is not to wait until .re- tirement to plan it—start early '-pressed it 
"We're 

 to look forward to the lime and young in retire'." 

 begin developing yourown skill or hobby Into a useful contribu- tion to others. 

It lakes very little cash lo 

 follow Iheir example, actually. 
Once a car and trailer are purchased, meals and campsile are given in return for services rendered, and retirement benefits can make up the cost of gasoline and food enroiite. 

In their case, rent money 

 from Ihoir Florida home also helps out, but others could con' ceivahly charge a modest fee toward gasoline and supplies if their income was inadequate. 

The Dales figure old age may 

 catch up with them someday, but for now, as Mr. Dale ex- 

 just loo 

Touching 

"It isn't just the work itself 

 that's so satisfying," said Mrs. 
Dale. "It's also all thcdedicaled people we meel and lonely people whose lives we are able lo touch." 

Taking a Methodist directory 

„,, 
. . 
. 
. 
. in hand, Uie Dales wrote 
1 he pair has been in nine .churches all along a route they 

 bad already mapped out, begin 
"work situations" so far, from one end of Ihe U.S. lo the olher, and is heading back to Florida where they still own a home 

Try Looking at World 
Through 

 ny I)r. Lcc Salk 

It is always a 

 delight for me to share a child's per- ception of the world; they see things in such an unprejudiced and literal way. 

Some of the greatest pleasure 

 adults experience liohiR in the. company of children comes from precisely this Ihiny. 

The other day my young 

 daughter, Pia, and 1 were walking along with my son, 
Eric. Pia, who is mastering reading "long" numbers, sairl, 
"Look, Dad, that number says 
Iwo hundred and one-doe nothing!" 

Perception 

What she was actually read- 

 ing was 21o. As 1 was about lo correcl hor, I realized that what she saw was quile ac- curate in her way of perceiving tilings. I, therefore, ack- nowledged (hat what site saw was correct, but thai we read it differently. 

1 explained that while Ihe 

 numbers did indeed include a 
"one and a nothing," we call it 
1o rather 
Mian 
"one-dee 

 nothing." Try to sec (lungs through the child's eyes before making (he child see things through your eyes! 

Tantrums 

Drar Dr. Salk: 

"I have four children of my 

 own who never had temper lanlrums. I am curious why some children have them. 
Could ymi explain Ihis in your column?" Mrs. M.K. 
Dear Mrs. M.K.: 

Children have temper tan- 

 trums for different reasons. 
Sometimes a tantrum can result when a child is leased or frustrated by adulls who are inconsidenKc of the chilli's feelings, Iiitovrupllng a child 

Salk 
Talk 

 of Child 

 who is engaged in a stimulating activity can cause anger and rage and result in a temper tantrum. 

Some children have 

 unprovoked outbursts of rage due lo some type of nervous system disorder. In Ibcsc cases, Ihe reaction is somewhat like a convulsion and requires medical treatment. Other children have (einper tantnims because they don't seem to be able lo get Ihroiigb lo their 

 parents and communicate in a positive way (heir need for at- tention, affection, and a sense of self-esteem. 

If they arc not satisfied' in a 

 positive manner they may resort to doing things in a negative way, and a temper tantrum may be a way of eliciting parental concern. 

Finally some children have 

 built up so much frustration and anger that the only way they can ventilate their feelings is through some kind of.emo- tional release, like a temper tantrum. 

Questions 

Dr. Salk welcomes mail 

 regarding behavior and emo- tional problems of children, lie will answer the most interesting questions in his column. 
Address questions to l)r. Salk in care of (lie San Antonio Express and News, Box 2171, San An- tonio, Tex. 78297. 

 ning in the Appalachian moun- tains. 

"We usually travel a montl 

 and work a month. And eve since an article about us cam out in Better Homes and Gar dens, we've had requests froi lots of exciting places, such a 
Labrador and Tahiti." 

"We have formed man 

 friendships, and become ver attached lo some of (he childri along the way. They seem relate to us quite well; 1 gues, we must be (he typical gran 

Orientation Set 
For Volunteers 

Junior Volunteers of Mor- 

 ningside Manor will hold its annual oricnlalion for new members at 1o a.m. Saturday in the Volunteer Lounge of Mor- ningsidc Manor. 

Workers are needed for the 

 gift cart, classes in occupa- tional therapy room, playing games with the patients, pa- tients to the Iwauty parlor anil lo classes in reality orientation and occupational therapy. 

Kullier information may he 

 obtained from Mrs. Howard 
Elley at the Manor. 

Semi- 

Annual 

Sale! 

In time for 

Mothers Day, 

May 12. 

JUST THREE 
EXAMPLES OF 
OUR HAHY 
SPECIALS 

Professional Portraits 
Any size! Any finish! Any quantity! 

Act now lor Molher's Day and Father's Day and save hall! A great gilt tor grandparents, loo. Ctiooso from a lull selection ol poses, using a variety of settings, backgrounds and special effects. Being specialists In personalized portraiture. v;o guar- antaeyoursalisfactlon. For Appt. Call 341-5151 e*t. 3U. 

1-8x1o s 2-5x7's in Lite-Color 
1. rteg. S4o 
S2o 

4-3x5's in Lile-Color, Regularly S2o 
S1o 

 l-8x!OSilvertone, Regularly StO 
S 5 

Portrait Studio, Dillard's Second Level 

Ct.il.Ql Foil O«V 

Dillard's 

START TODAY— 

T 

DISCOVER 

PADRE 

See liow in today's 

 sports section. 

COUNTRY 

CLUB 
INNS 

IIUNGREX8 with P.P.A.® 

Just take a tiny Hungrcx tablet before meals... nnd banish those hated extra pounds as you banish hunger! Why? Because Hungrcx is (Me ntosf powerful re during aid ever released /or public IMC »ithouf prescription! Suppresses hunger pangs so effectively, it actually limits the ability of your body lo produce gnawing hunger sensations! 
Result? You don't feel hungry... down goes your caloric intake 
.. .and down goes your weight! 

LOSE WEIGHT THE FIRST DAY! 
Thousands now lose weight who never thought they could...report! remarkable weight losses of 7 ... 2o ... even •( 1 pounds in a short while. So if you're tired of hair-way measures and want rcnllyclTecllvehcl|i in reducing.. .send for Hungrcx today. ' 
] lungrcx will simply am.vc you! You'll be slimmer next week or your money hack. No prescription needed. 

\ 

 r'O 

•.•Accept No Substitute. .-.DEMAND " " '^ 

HUNGREX 

 fc, 
' 
WITH »».P.A* 
. 

 n-P' oC 

The Most Powerful Seducing Aid 

Ever Released For Public Use! 

DILLARD'S 

1 P.O. Box 13179 Cr«$lhavon Sto. 

San Antonio, Texas 78284 

 i 
Add 5% jaloi tax plus 75' handling <hg. 

D Send me regular 21-day supply o( llungrex wild P.P.A, 

 far only {3. 

D Send me economy-size 42-day supply for only $5. • 

Hams 

 ffle-xi 
1>I|I|I| 

(42 d«y supply) 

Address. 

Clly_ 
-State 

D Charge a Tiyment EnctoKd 
Aid. no.- 

Zip 
-Code. 

 pure flattery: 

BEHAVABLE! 

SALE 

Reg. $2o 

How wonderful to find this flattering wig at savings of more than $4! Short, layered waves that flip into all-over curls at the flip of a brush . . . made of Eterna*, the most manageable fiber created. All shades. Come in for per- sonal advice . . . a Dillard service that keeps customers coining back. 

Wigs, Dillard's Fiist lovol 
AUUKI. BiowniT Hi. Caip,., Oiiii', Sal A"'nrio 

•rurr.a ii Tf.\ for Icjo O.«r.i'(nl Co. l.bor 

NORTH, CENTRAL PARK 
SOUTH, MlllTARY PLAZA 

SHOP 1)11,1, AUD'S MON.-HAT.HM) l'lltllll.51,1 

Pqge 12-E 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Blue Jean Wedding Has 
Message for Everyone 

By Charlie Shcdd 

How does a dad; 

 know when to stand: l"'s ground and when to give in? 
.Important question! A lot of fathers arc asking it. Permis- sive parenthood is a bad stone. 
But so is bowing Hie neck aird refusing to yield. 

How can we tclt "just right" 

 front too much? 

Nobody knows all 
(he 

 answers; But today's nomina- tion fur Ilic right Kind goes la ,-i 
Minnesota father. He's refus- ing to budge and he writes me to check it. 

His daughter is being rear- 

 fiod in a'big church wedding. 
Alite Ann will wear Hie tradi- lional wedding yawn. Her 

Pearson-Bettcher Rites 
To Be Read at Randolph 

- 
Dr. and Mrs. Murble Henry 

-.Pearson announce ttj^c on'- 
; gagemenl of their daughter, 
• Mary Jane, lo Capl. .James 

 liobort Bettchcr of Universal 
.City, son of Mr. and and Mrs. II. 
William Bettcher of Scotlsdale, 
Ant. 

.Miss Pearson graduated 

 from Douglas MacArthur High 
School and received a bachelor of arls degree in anthropology from Texas Tceh University where she was a member of 
Sigma Kappa. 

She is attending San Antonio 

College where she expects to receive an associate degree in nursing in May. 

A graduate of Coronado High 

School in Seottsdale, Capl. 
Beltchcr received a bachelor of science degree in astronautics from the Air Force Academy in' 
Colorado Springs. 
' He earned his master's degree in aeronautics and as- tronautics from 
Purdue 

University in Lafayette. Ind. He 

MISS MARY PEARSON' 

 is serving with the U.S. Air 
Force at Randolph AFB. 

The wedding is planned for 

June 8 in Randolph AFB 
Chapel. 

 bridesmaids also. 

But the groom is a bil of a 

 rebel. He seems to enjoy shocking lite adult world. 
Besides, lie dales to dress up. 
So he says he and his gromus- men will wear blue jeans, .lean jackets. Clean. Open collar. 

It's a fashionable church. Not 

 stuffy, but dignified. And Alice 
Ann s dad says he won't pay for the wedding if the boys wear blue jeans, 

Leaning 

She's leaning on him. Hard. 

Comes down especially heavy with lliis favorite of the young sel, "Bui. don't you believe in everyone.duing his own tiling?" 

This dad is no old fogey. He's 

 a very successful business man. Takes plenty of time for his family. And he's allowed room in his schedule for sumc extras, lie serves nn the church board. And really believes wh;:l. he believes. 

Mow lie's refusing lo give an 

 inch. i\'o way he will foot (he bill if the buys wear blue jeans. 
And 1 lliink the way he delivers bis message is a classic. 

In- reply to Alice Ann's 

"Don'lyoii believe in everybody doing his own thing." -he answers. "You bel 1 believe in everyone doing liis own lliing. 
H's one of my basic beliefs. In fact, I believe in it so much thai 
I believe in Mli doing my own tiling. And my thing is nol to pay for anything Lhat would embarrass your mother." 
Terrific. Toui'lic. 

Some of the young set would 

Strictly 

For Dads 

 have us believe, if we're over :1o, we've liatl il. Our ideas don't count anymore. Bui abdicating our rights lo'the "kiddie corps couldn't be gnnd for anyone. 
Not for them. Not for us. i\'ol for lhe.goc.il of mankind. 

True, they may be smarter 

 than we were at (heir age. But we Mill have une lliiug they don't have yet. That is the wisdom that cuiues wilhage. 

So lei's slick to our runs. Tell 

 them what we believe. We don't have lo be preachy or judgmen- tal or nasty about it. lint a lot of kids need someone who will be definite. 

Like when? 
Like we need to know who arc 

! they going out wilhwlien Itiey're going out for the evening. 

Like when can ttccxpectthem 

 home. 

Like who is this boy our 

 daughter is rtaiiiig. And who is 
Ihis girl uur son is dating. 

1 can think of a bunch more. 

Bill right here 1 defer (o you and 
.your gang. How about a family rap on when THEY waul you to be[irm. 

One more place dads need lo 

 come on heavy is the way our kids (real their mother, i like 
Mint part of this Minnesota father's message. And I bel liis vyife appreciated il too. 

The Betrayal of Democracy 
-p odays turmoil prompts many to say: ''Democracy has 
1 been tried nnd:|ound-wantinc." It would be bv far wis- 

 er if one would s.iy: "Democracy lias been found entirely too easy and not really tried." Our government is reduced'to a kind of senile old grandfather who remains quite undisturbed by our defecting allies and our streaking children. Those pa- triotic practices which once were considered a verv essential part of our American way of life such as flag waving are very ollcn ignored or excused or dispensed. 

This generation of youngsters believes that it is cramped 

 confined and walled in. They have yet to believe the words of our LORD thai said certain kinds of devils were driven out by prayer and fasting, not by prayer alone. Prayer attaches us to Cud and fasting dciaches us from evil. Leonard Cochran has said: "file ditlcrence between a river and a swamp is that a river is confined within Us banks, while j swamp is not ... 
Because a river is confined, and channeled it has life. It is a mighty, moving, living thing. Hecausi- a swamp has no re- strictions, it becomes thin anil stagnant .. in modern lite we boasi of freedom. \Ve W.IIH lift without restrictions and with- out conhnement. Only we forget that such living becomes stagnant. n 

Our Obligations 

Duty, honor and country are the three hallowed words that 

 reverently dictate what you'want lo be, wh.u you on be. and what you will he. We have inherited a heritage that deser\es rallying our courage when courage seems to fail, to regain laith when ilu-re si-ems 1o be so little cause for faith, to corral our controls when all control seems lo run rampant and to create hope when hope becomes forlorn. To the unbelievers, duty, honor and countiy are merely words, an easy to remem- ber slogan and just a cliche used'in passing. Th'u immature, the hypocrite, the troublemaker ami ihe communist will trv lo downgrade them even to the exiem of mockery and ridicule. 
Duly, honor and country are ihe words thai keep us proud aiid unbending in times of trouble, hut merciful and gcmlc in limes ol victory and success. They teach us to stand up in ihe storm, hut to .have compassion on those who fall. 

Our I'liturc 

II is lime now thai we lake inventory of ourselves and our 

 country in the stale it is today. Our overwhelming accent of hie wuh personal comfort and amusement, our demand for more and more reward for doing less and less, and our use of churches anil synagogues as convenient cmcrgencv lining sta- tions; all must be converted to a sense of faith ni our I.on and a highly developed naiion.ij patriotic purpose lor our countrv. 

Let us always be reminded that ihe difference between de- 

 mociacy and communism is — plentv. 

. The Carpci-Thr Tailor-The Warranly 

Modern m e t h o d s m i l l s use in p r o d u c i n g today's carpet 

 prompts experts to say: "Conn-rung from weaving'to tufimg has been, in loo many cases, found lo be wanting." Perhaps i\ would be far wiser lo say: "The failure to search for ijualiiy demand tailored workmanship and insist on a written > \e..r workmanship u a r r a n t y brings" a betray.il to your dollars' in vested." In 1oo m a n y cases, the high pressured salesman working for a loud barking intanl carpel store reduces ilu shopper 1o nn unconcerned victim who falls prei to irreli- gious ladles. 

There is j k i n d of carpet fiber thru successfully fills c e r t a i 

 needs where another would fail miserably. There is a kind o1 color and uxture, a kind of density and pile heighi meant to answer ccrl.iin demands while others may fail nnliclitianlv. 

There arc store-owned modern workshops equipped to tai- 

 lor wilJr trained mechanics who are conditioned and paid lo c.irf; and we know that when one c.ircs. good things happen. 

Because lulled b.icks are weaker than woven backs, because 

 todays' carpet cushions are mushier than yesteryear's, most carpets stretch and wrinkle rcpcjicdiy. Unless the 'puckered' carpel is cared for, your brouifloom soon loses iis body and 
.jives in lo walking .ibim-. Cautious buyers insist on a certified ivritlcn and registered 5 year workmanship warranty, reliable jnd respected carpel stores tinhesilanlly furnish it. This means tint for 5 full years the warranty assures you that loosened 
:arnct will he rcscrurcd, slrclchcd carpcis'will be lightened jinJ open Mania will be rot-ivn ... all without additional cost. 

Hogan-Brackett Wedding 
Scheduled for June 15 

A June 13 wedding in St. . 

Mark's Episcopal Church is pl,-iimeti by .Miss Jane Klise llogan and Francis Koss 
Bracked, son of Mrs. Arthur 
Moore Brackelt of For! Worlh. 

Their engagement is a n - 

 nounced by her parents. Ur. and Mrs. Thomas Francis 
Hugan. 

Tile bride-elect is a candidate 

 for May graduation from Texas 
Christian University \vilh an i'letneiilary edncaliini major. 
She is a member of Kappa 
Kappa Gamma. 

Mr. Bracket! graduated from 

Texas Christian University wfiere lie was a member of 
Delia Tau Delia. He is a member of the Steeple Chase in 
Fort Worth. 

 ope ins i 

.if the store to f 

... s. 

Tins is the duty of the buyer lo demand and the ohlig.nion 

 ullfiJ. 

Next Wrrk 

\Vr will discuss: "Carpel crashing." Until Mien, think this 

PUT ... "in /Interim in etliivc it or not,' fan in toiamunht umii- 
'ria i/\ 'Miftt it or tl\t'." 

-Inquire Annul 

• Irmiprunl booklet on "Carpel Caic" • O'Krcnt Speak- er's llurrau • Phone, Wrile or Visit Ted O'Krcnt • .1oo 
" 
- • 
- 227-7.i*7 
' 
' 

After Easter 
SALE 

• Selbv 

• Cobbles 

• Socialite 
• Joyce 

• Air Step 

• Red Cross 

AN ENCHANTING NEW COLLECTION 

EVENING 

Regularly to 25.oo 

$1 Q88 

 to 

DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALL 
•Thlipuduilhoino""""lion wholirii wllhlht Amiilcnn Nal^nnl«iJC(«ii 

NOW ON SALE 

 reg. 5o.oo reg. 3oo.oo 

 reg. 2oo.oo 

,. « LONG .SLEEVES 

• SHORT SLEEVES 

• SLEEVELESS 

« HALTER TYPES 

• CHIFFONS 

• CREPES- 

• POLYESTERS 

• LACES 

• PRINTS 

• SOLIDS 

SECOND FLOOR DOWNTOWN AND 
NORTH STAR MAU. 

T I I I H I N I U V 

EXPRESSIONS 
SCENE 

April 14, 1974 

Page l-F 

Section 

.MHS. K. K. HUCK 

Miss Porter, 
Evan Black 
Recite Vows 

Ilnrlaiuhile United .Mi-Hindis 

<:iinreb w;ts (lie selling fen- Iti marriage nf .Miss ildissii K;, 
Purler and. Kvan Karl BUick 
The Her. Klvin E. Reeves of fk-ialed Saturday. 

Daughter uf Mrs. Hay 1'orlc 

 and the late Mr. Purler, Hi bride was given in iiKirriago b. her brother, Kenneth I'nttei 
Mr. anil Mrs. Slierniiiti Bine are Ihe yrotnn's parents. 

Miss Vicki 1'nrlcr was iruii 

 of lioiuir, and Miss .Sandy Al bach was bridesmaid. 

MiHiurn Heilel served as lies 

 man, and Urian Hlriek assistw as Ki'txtmsiiKin. Henny Smidc and Daniel SCtmisli ushered. 

The reception was bold it) tin 

 ctmrch swial hall. 

MKS. S. I!. SI'KINfJHK 

MLs Moore, 
Mr. Springer 
Are Married 

Central 
Texas is the 

 litiiirytmmti deslmalimi of tile former Miss .laniee Klnine 
Moore and Sleptim Harry 
•Springer. 

'['licy cxrlianKeil ni:irri:tf:>' 

 vows Saturday In'ftire Dun 
Lyli-.s in Jefferson Clinrcb of 
(Ilirisl. 

Parents nf tlu'ciuiph' are Mr. 

 ntld Mrs. HariTll l.atiiiir MIHIH and Mi1, anil Mrs, 
.lanie.s 

Tbonuis Siirin^er. 

Miss Dianti Hovi'rie of 

'Abilene was maid «>l~ tinnnr. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. ]). 
Dillanl Ciiffe.f.lr.; Misses (Jail 
McC'nlly and Himd:i Munri liulli iif Abilene; and Karen 
(irei'ii of Dallas. Slwna Munri of Setierlx was flimer j;irl. 

Serving as hi'sl man \\'as 

Kieliaril Keillinl/.. Crniimsinen were Iliilierl (litiiiiway. 
Lewis, Knberl Malestiy and 
Harrell Moore,Ir. »fKurl I 
I.a., (tie tiride's lirntlirr. 
Vicky Wiley, 
Mr.Alvarado 
Are Married 

Firsl 
Uniled 
Melhodisl 

Church in Murder was Hie sul- lit]): for Ihe marriage uf Miss 
Vicky Lynn Wiley and Antonio 
A. Alvaradn. Tlie liev. Dr. 
\V.A. 
A|i|ill"j; nfllrialcd 

Friday. 

The hriile is Ihe danntili'r nf 

Mr. aii'J Mrs. Jinnes A. Wilc.v of 
Hurccr 1'arenls nf Hie Hnnim lire Mrs. A. I,. Alvarado of 
Universal City anil Mr. Al- viinulu (if ('ilinlii 

Miss Julie Wiley attended her 

 slsler 
MS maid of honor. 

Kle])lunili' Wi'sl was flower uirl. 

.lue Ahnitrn/, served as lx<sl 

 mini, anil.lay liurrns and Kicky 
(Jrlffeii of Hnri;tT nslieivd, .leff llawley was rlnnjiearei1. 

Afler (lie iT<:e|ilhm In the 

 t'onin uf till! elmrcli, lilt1 

 led fur Sim Anlmiln 

 llie.v will innkr 

 lioinu. 

I i 

Jacket dressing ... dotted voiles over natural-toned linen-look' dresses 

David Warren combines earthtones and textures for a now sophisticated natural look. Featured: Waisted tie-jacket of brown and white polka dotted polyester- cotton voile over sleeveless natural-colored linen-look dress with tucked front pleats of polyester-rayon. Sizes 6-12, 58.oo. Also shown: Dotted voile shirt-jac over linen-look dress wilh sleeveless voile bodice. Sixes 8-14, 78.oo. Pacesetter, 
Downtown Second Floor, North Siar and Austin. 

Joske's and J.P. Stevens invite you to attend 

GOIN' NATURAL 

An original musical production and celebrity presentation, Thursday, April 18, 7 p.m., East 
Court, North Star Mall, Don't miss this goin' show about your natural outlook in homo fashions and personal fashions, sowing and decoration, delicious cooking and natural entertaining, with special fashion showa, and domonsfrations. 

Special guest stars will bo: 
Robert L. Green, Fashion Director of Playboy Magazine 
Jean Rich, Fashion Director for J.P. Stevens 
Marion Gough. Editor of House Beautiful Magazine 
Angolo Donghia, nationally known designer who created Ihe "Go Natural" collodion for J.P. Slovens 
Felipe RoJns-Lombaidi, internationally known chef 
The Utica Go Naturals, singing group originally known as "The Collectors Item" 
Ken Aibreoht, "The Utlcn Man" featured nationally in J.P. Stevens advertising. 

Pog* 2-F 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, AprlM4, 1974 

WAU 
MANTH 
CUCKOO 

 and 

GRANDFATHER 

CLOCKS 
WE CARRY A 

Large Selection 
To Choose From 

COLONIAL 
HERSCHEDE 
RIDGEWAY 

REPAIR SPECIALIST 

On Modern 

And 

Antique Clacks 

LEAL'S JEWELRY 
5o4 W. HILDEBRAND 

733-993o 

Ceremony 
Unites Pair 
Miss Cheryl T. Kciinc(l,v 

 became the bride of James W. 
Under in Lackland Terrace 
Church of Christ, .lanu-s A. 
Cox, (jnmilfiillicr uf the hricle, officiated Saturday. 

Mr. iintl Mrs. Jerry A. Ken- ily and Mr. and Mrs. James 

Under uflieloles lire parents nf llic couple. 

Miss Viclii hinder, sister at 

 tho groom, was inn id of hoimr. 
Bridesmaids ware Hisses Kay 
Espinoza, Sarah Grimes anil 
M.iry Voifihl. Jammie Cox and 
Linda Kennedy were flower girls. 

Cecil Perkins served as best 

 man. Groomsmen were Pete 
Garcia, John Wyatl and Mike 
Kennedy. Mike llcruuui was 
(lie ring bearer. 

The reception was held in the 

 church fellowship hall. 

.MRS. J. \V. UNDER 
MliS. (i. It, P.AKKEIt 

If you have a window ... 

We'll help you treat It. 

Pcggy'j has (he foteif iclcclion of new Spring fabnc* <nd exciting 

. Cwrve in or ca'il (or Irvhomu 

 ccmullattan, 

732-66o7 

BED & BATH 
BOUTIQUE 

232 WONDERLAND (U 

Miss McCulley Becomes 
Bride of G. R. Parker 

Miss Linda Knlh McCnlle.\ 

 and George Haymoml Parker exchanged marriage vows 
Friday before the Itev. Dr. C. o. 
Randal in Bellaire Baptist 
Church. 

Daughter of .Mrs. Elwood K. 

 llcCiilley, the bride was given in marriage by her brother, 
Alan MeCuUey. .Mr. jinil Airs. 
Kayiiiund I.. Parker are the gruom's parents. 

Mrs. Bill Ilayden of Austin 

 attended her sister as matron of honor. Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Burton 
Fil'/simmons and 

Misses Becky Cunningham, 

Donna McEwen, Pamela Sluai I and Linda Ridgway of HigUis- town, N.,1. 

Miss .Sharon Calk and Miss 

ISelhy Ernst were candle 

 lighters. 

Serving as best man was 

Burlon Fit/'.siinmnns. Grooms- men were Bill Ilayden of Aus- tin. Jack Kardow, Richard 
Dean. David Mcriwether of 
Union City, Ga.. and Teddy 
Ernst. 

Ushering were Billy Dyens. 

Bobby Dyciis and Diinny Miller. 

The Texas Hill Country is the 

 honeymoon destination. 

Fanner-Johnson Wedding 
Held in Baptist Church 

Houston and N'ew Orleans are 

Ihe honeymoon destinations of 
Ihe former Miss Derrosclle 
Nedaye Johnson and Paul 
Mentcr Fanner who were married Saturday. 

The Rev. S. H. James of- 

 ficiated in Second Baptist 
Church. 

Daughter uf Mrs. Derrosettc 

Marie Jonlmson and the late 
Jowdy Lee Johnson, the bride was given in marriage by her brother. Carl M. Johnson. Mr. and 
Mrs. 
James Charles 

.•'minor are. parents of the iroom. 

Miss Charlotte Y. Carson at- 

 ended (fie bride as maid of lonoiv Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
.mils Marshall. Miss Jennifer 
A. Carter and Mrs. Paul While. 

 liun.ild E. Fanner served as 

 best man. and groomsmen were Alfred J. Carter Jr., Paul 
N. White and J. (j. Fanner Jr. 

Ushering were Carl M. John- 

 son Jr.. Larry L. Johnson, 
Ewell Mooney, Kinnnn Camp- 

Guarantee Shoe 

AFTER EASTER SALE 

ONE WEEK ONLY 

Super Sandals 

Great collection. Only one of many styles pictured. 

Rog. to $16 

Now 
9o 

SAVE UP TO 5o% 

C/ioose From Many 

 famous Name 

Dress Shoe 

Designers 
Including 
D'- 

Antonio, Airstcp, 
Easy 

Street and many mcfe. 

Reg. to $34 

 to 

FANTASTIC SALE 
OF CASUALS 

All colors and sizos 

Reg. to $2o 

 u HIM 
$11 
How 3 to 119o 

HANDBAGS 
UP 
TO 
'/2 
OFF 

Guarantee 
North Star • Downtown • McCreless • Laredo 
Austin • McAII«n • Mesquite • Corpus Christ! 

MHS. 1'. M. FANXKR 

 uoll and Rodney W. farter. 

Truiiiiriu C. Kiiniicr was 

 flnwer Kirl, and Charles I,, 
(.'lack Jr. was ring lira re r. 

The reception was lield in the 

 church fellowship Imll. 

Mr. Cripps, 
MissSprague 
Are Married 

Miss Luis KllsnbeCn Sprajjue 

 became the bride nf Kenneth 
Rnmlall Cripps in First United 
Pentecostal Church. Tin1 Rev. l.r.wrence 1o. Kinj; officialed 
Friday. 

Daughter of Mrs. Hs'ssic L. 

SpraKUP, (he bride was givi'ii in marriage hy Carl If. Thornton. 
1'areiils nf tde «i-own arc Mr. and Mrs. Isaac E. Cripps of lilylheville, Ark. 

Mrs. Carl 11. Thiirnlon at- 

 tended her sister as matron of honor, and maid of linnnr was 
Miss Susan M. Stein, . 

Bridesmaids were Missus 

Joyce Tannehill, Sherry Hart, 
1'ati Earliarl and Mrs. Michael 
I'antnsn. Miss Debbie Thornlon was junior bridesmaid, and 
Hhonda Thornton was flower ifiirl. 

Gary 
Cripps served his 

 brother os best man. Grooms- men were Ruben Garcia, Ricky 
Cocherham and Urnce Cripps. the groom's brother. Danny 
Carroll was junior groomsman, and Scott Pitlman ushered. 

Endowing the reception in the 

 church fellowship hall, the 

 couple left fur a honeymoon in 
Galveslon. 
Miss Black, 
Mr. Cooley 
Select Date 

Mr. and Mrs. James C. Black 

 announce the engagement of their daughter. Deborah Ann. lo Joel Christopher Cooley, son of Mr. and Mrs. .1. C. Cooley. 

The bride-elect and her 

 fiance are graduates of John 
Marshall High School. 

She is a candidate for May 

 graduation wllli a bachelors degree in elementary education from the University of Dallas. 
She is listed in "Who's Who in 
American Colleges and Univer- sities" and is on the dean's list. 

Her fiance is a candidale for 

May graduation from Trinity 
University with a bachelor of science degree in business ad- minislralion. 

The wedding is planned for 

Aug. II. 
Academy Women I 

Women's Club. Academy of 

Health Sciences. U.S. Army, will hold a birthday luncheon at noun Friday in the Fort Sam 
Houston Officers' Open Mess. 

Mannerinin 
Models will 

 present fashions from Sears. 

MliS. K. it. Cltll'I'K 
.MliS. J.T. IIOLTON 

Engagements 

VandCTUoul-Uniehnilllrr 

Mr. and Mrs! Ray L. Van- 

 derpool announce Ihe en- gagement of their daughter. 
Miss Jaiiis Claire Vatxlirpoiil, lo Robert Gale Uruchmiller, sun of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas A. 
Bi'iichmiller. 

The bride-elect and her 

 fiance are graduates of John 
Miirshall High School. 

She is a dental hygiene major 

 al Tyler Junior College. A former student of Texas A & M 
University, he is attending 
Florida Bible College. 

Their wedding is planned for 

July 'IB in Trinity ISaptisI 
Church. 

Valdcz-Blanco 

Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Val- 

 dex. announce the engagement of their daughter, Sandra Elix- liclli, (o Jose Javier Blanco, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jose J. Blanco. 

A graduate of Thomas Jef- 

 ferson 
High 
School. 
Ihe 

 bride-elect is a t t e n d i n g San 
Antonio College. 

Her fiance is a graduate of 

Central Catholic High School and is a t t e n d i n g S o u t h w e s t 
Texas Stale University. 

Their wedding is planned for 

June 14 in SI. John Berchman 
Catholic Church. 

Travis Park Jewelers 

Next lo Ihe Blue Bonnet Hotel lobby 

V 
428 N. St. Mary's 

Diamond Solitaire 

2.53 carat clean flawless line col diamonds set in tiffany 14kl mounling. 
S65oo.oo value now 
$2795 

'oo 

Buy six ways 

Cash, Budget, Layaway, BankAmericard, 

Master Cliorge, Carte Blanche 

Travis Park Jewelers 

Next to the Blue Bonnet Hotel Lobby 

o«H I,«JN. IHRU-fRUMO ».H. IP S:3o F.M. (IOSID SAT. t 
428 N. St. Mary's 

Musiek-Hilhrich 

Mr. and Mrs. Sam Musick of 

Clebnrne announce the en- gagement nf their daughter, 

Hevcrly Shay, lo Arlen Ray 
Ililbrich. son {if Mr. and Mrs. 
F.rvin Ililhricli. 

The couple plans a July ill 

 wedding in Highland Park 
Lutheran Church. 

Irkr-Mllloi 

The engagement of Miss 

Ellen Marie Icke lo Sgl, Myles 
.1. Miller Jr., son nf Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Myles J. 
.Miller nf 

Hiichi'sler, N.Y., is announced by her parents. Mr. and Mrs. 
Arthur A. Icke. 

A graduale of L'rsuline 

Academy, llie bride-elect is al- tending -San Anlonio College. . 

Her Jiauce graduated from 

Del'aul High .School in Wayne. 
X.J., and attended Walsh 
College in Canton, Ohio, lie is attending San Antonio College and serving with the U.S. Air 
Force al Randolph AFJi. 

Their wedding is planned for 

Aug. 3 in Chapel \'o. 1 al Ran- dolph AFB. 

Harmon-Tronic 

Mr. and Mrs. Paul Harmon 

 announce llie eii;,';i;,'eiiieiil of llieir daughter, Mary ,\cll. lo 
Glenn Douglas Trollie. son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Amos P. Tronic. 

A June 22 weddinj; in Alamo 

Heights United 
M e t h o d i s t 

Church is planned hy the couple. 

Miss Harmon graduated 

 frtim Thomas Kdison llijjli 
School and received a bachelor of science degree in elementary education from the University of Texas. 

A g r a d u a t e of Highlands 

High Svhunl, her fiance is at- tending San Antonio College. 

Williams-Kennedy 

Miss 
Donna 
M o n i l a 

Williams, daughter of .Mr. nnd 
Mrs. Jack Williams, is engaged lo Karl Lux Kennedy, sou of 
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Lubbock 
Kennedy. 

The bride-eleel and her 

 fiance are graduates of John 
Marshall High School. 

They plan to marry June 15 

 in SI. Julio's Lutheran Clnirch. 

Booth-Fredei 
Held in Fort 

A wedding Irip to Six Flags 

Over Texas in Arlington is (he destination of llie former Miss 
Patricia Rave Frederick and 
James Klliolt liimlh. 

They were married Saturday 

 before C h a p l a i n (Col.) Joe 
Jones in the Main Chape] of 
Fort Sam Houston. 

The bride is the (laughter of 

Maj. (ret.) Alvin E. Frederick. 
Parents of the groom are Dr. and Mrs. James R. llnoth of 
Kerrville. 

Andersoii-Tschocnc 

Mr and Mrs. Conrad T. An- 

 derson announce/ ttio en- 

 gagement of their daughter, 
Jams Marie, lo l!ime Edward 
Tschoepe, son of Mr. and Mrs, 
Edward A. Tschope. 

Miss Anderson graduated 

 sninma cum Inudc from Soulh- west Texas Slate Cniversily where she also received her master's degree in mathema- tics. 

Her f i a n c e received a 

 bachelors degree in architec- t u r e from Texas A \- M 
University where lie was a member of Tau Sigma Delta. 

The wedding is planned for 

J u n e 
1 lit 
SI. 
Matthew's 

Catholic Church. ick Wedding 
Sam Chapel 

Miss Mollie Ann Frederic!; 

 attended her sisler as maid of honor, and 
Miss 
Mary 

C a t h e r i n e 
F l n n i m i a was 

 bridesmaid. 
Traci 
.leant 

Frederick was her sisler'.s junior bridesmaid, .nut Cum 
Flammia was flower girl. 

Danny Scamardo of Bryan 

 served ;is best man. Grooms- men were 
Robert 
Booth, 

In-other oi Hi., grrmm, and 
Honald Hall; while Frederick 
Terry and 
Ijirry 
<;]n,n 

 nvlieted. 

Miss Etnyr<y~ 
Mr. Bolton 
Repeat Vows 

Miss Mury Kllen Kln.vrc wiil^ 

Julin Tiniiilli.v Million WIT.V', inarrii'il Suliinlay in McmnrlAI^ 
Drive United Mcllimlist Oiurch .* in ihuisliin. 

Till' Hcv. II. r'.liKcilfC.'l'aUKof,.' 

 llonslnn and the Itev. Amos 
Md.aiiKhlin (if .Icffi'rsoin-ille. hid., cuwstn of the j,Toom.' fif-'•". ficiaU'd fm 
1 Hie dnnble-rinf; 

 ceremtiny. 
" 

The bride is the daiiKliler-of 

Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Hays 
Kff- 

 tiyre uf llimstnn. and Mr. and 
.Mrs. I-'roiliTii-k .1. Uollmi iiny 
Ihe HI mini's piircnls. 

Mrs. James Wesley Jones II! 

 nf- Heslnn, Vii., attended b.i.'i^- sislcr its matron of hntiur, anil 
Michael .1. lioltun of lliiu.str.iii ' ' served as liis brother's he.il"; man. 

Tho reception was Held in 

.Memorial Drive Country t'lul>. " 
The couple will live in San An-- lonii). 
Mount Zion 
Church Site 
Of Wedding- 

Miss Marsha Jo Hubinsiin 

 became Itie liridi1 nf Ciirley,:, 
Marvin Spears in Monnl X.iiin 
First 
!i;i|>lis[ 

C h u r c h . 
The I 

Kev. C. William' 
Black Jr. nf- 

 r i c i u t e d Siilnr- day. 

Mr. and Mrs. 

Carl Inn 
K. 

Kuhiiisoii' and 
Mr. and Mrs. 
Clarence 
M. 

Spears are 

 parents nf (lie ample. 

Miss Carlyn .Inne Knhinsnii 

 was her sister's maid of honor... and Mrs. Charles II. Daniel wa.s • matron of honor. Bridesmaids were 
Misses 
Patricia.. 

McKnight. 
Giicrxlrilyii 

Williams. Harbara Miller and 
.Shirley Williams nf Los An- ' 
Kelcs. 

Best man was 
Edward 

Cnlvnian of De Qiiincy, [M, ' 
(irnumsmcii were Alexander 
Snlton, CarlUin K. Hnbinson 
Jr., Mack Thumiis, Michael A.' " 
Calalani and Hoy Washington. ' 

UsIuTiiiK were Curtis Ugh- 

 leant, Stephen 
M i l l , I.eon 

Beverly Jr., Jack McAdnry and 
Earl .1. Bullock. 
' 
• •' 

I'lowur (jii'ls were 'I'oya Clink ! 

 and Marion Jones while Chris- ! toplier Ciinl; was the riny ; 
N'arer. 
, 

Following II"1 reception in the ! 

Meni;er Ilnlel. the cmiple left | for a wedding trip In Colorado • 
.Sprinf-s. 
••—'; 

Woman's Club i 

To Hear Talk 
\ 

Woman's Club w i l l meel al '1 
• 

 p.m. 
Wednesday in llie 
• 

 clubhouse In hear lie nry '. 
(lilcira speak nil llie "Hicen- 
• 

 lennial." 
', 

Mrs. Dahney Sainulers is Itf; ', 

 chaw of ihc program. Uilsi" ; lessen will lie nirmliri'.s nf HIL» ' 
Inlernatioiial Affairs round [a-. ', ble anil Hie Spanish ruiind l;i*J ' hie. 
' I 

 a.r 

Mrs. Spears 

This Is Our Invitation To You. 

Come and visif us at our New Location and 

 learn how to be o Happy NON SMOKER 

YOU WILL STOP SMOKING ON MAY 16TH 

WITHOUT CLIMBING THE WALLS 
WITHOUT GAINING WEIGHT 
WITHOUT BEING NERVOUS 

SPERRY RAND BLDG 
1o1o6 DESERT SANDS 

Across From San Francisco Stoak Houso) 

Tho common sense approach 

 to quitting smoking" 

Fashion 
Notes 

 i'vis.\nv:[.ii:i).vvrs 

What a shlrtdross wild 

 its cleverly contrived pleats can do lor a loo- hippy figure is worth lind- ingoul! 

Don't over say you're 

 tirod of knits until you wear Iho blends ... They moko travelling a joy ...",. oven when going no further Ihan from homo lo town. 

* * * 

Chocks aro nogoliablo 

 ovorywlmro ... m lov/n or 
.at homo ... jn drosses, , skirls and panlsuits ... 
They carry YOUR siflna- turu of fashion know-how. ' 

* k * 

Romombor, fashion is 

 your best 
SOCIAL 

.iocority. 

Suburban 

4' Jf 
3814 

Time To Tackle Lawn 

With the planting out of the way this may be 

 a good time to tackle that, slope too steep to mow, or that shady area under a big tree 

 where grass will not grow, or perhaps that wet 

Spccuil treat moil! tit .siicli 

 l>rul>li>iu areiis will |iul|> cliock iTosicm, ki'i'i) down weeds, ami make (lie linmi1 Krwimls nmn> 

A low hank \vilh a Krndiial 

 slope is easily planted with 
Krmitid WITS such ;,s Vinca ininur 
(m.vrlk') i,r pat-hy- 

 saiidni. liolli are (nk-ranl nf 
(louse shailc Inn .sill Krmv in lialf;;.shadp. Moss pink m 
HKiimil Irhlii.x, {,'rass pinks, .mil baby winlrrm-cj>t.-r are also suiliilile. Tlie.se will j;row in half, of full sun. All arc1 

 evergreen. 

I'reparu 
(he ground, 

 onrithiiiK (he siiil. Myrtle and liaclrysamlni plants slumld lu> scl in fnmi Gin T> indu>s:i]>arl. 
Unity winlercrcepiT alxiul fmir feet apart. I'hlci.v and grass pinks IM lo 3o inches apart. All these will spread if well eared for unlil established. 

A slope like this, if in !»\] 

.sun, can ulsii be planted ID pfislcr juniper or (joloiieaster. tin1 spready variety. The latter will also tolerate part shade. 
Some Iiave.lioen planted In niiiM.lii] pine, Uiu. iilllidugh w rememlier inn: siitli slope where Hie imighus yul too tall ami lint) to be iT|>lna'd. 

Sun or Shade 

Slopes along railroad tracks 

 or highways are often planted 
«'illi creeping rases to titilcl (lie soil—Max Graf, Wichuriatia. or 
(farlliLM-yiiullO Virpniiina. The first two served me well on a sleep bank in my former home- urmnuls. 

A hiiiulsiitne flowering plant 

 for a slope is I'enngift Crnwn- 

 veltli. It will grow in sun or shade. in any kin:! of soil, from iMaine In (.'.ilifViniiii. 
Il.s 

 clusters nf pea-like flowers, pink, while, or lavenilcr, blown from .lime to frost. The plants grow from \'t lo 15 inches high, anil are actually good for the soil. Like the Max (Irafs and 
Wichrnianas it is being used now extensively along high- ways. 

Another solution fur a slupe 

 is to make a ruck garden or a wall garden. For a nick garden set round or craggy slmies in a variety of shapes and .si/i's into the ground at irregular, na- tural-looking intervals—nut in 

Turning A 
Slope Into 
A Garden 

 rows—with only about one- third exposed and slanting back to catch moisture. 

As yon build it, pack rich wet 

 soil into Hie crannies for the rock plants. Many ground cim-r.s will grow well in (lip spaces. Attractive are creeping baby's breath, dwarf speed- wells, dwarf sednms, 

 sliineercss, tufted sandworl, and rock garden plants like golden iilyssum, dwarf 

 evergreens, [leather, small spring bulhs. and some al- pines. 

A dry wall can be made of 

 either flat or rounded stones. A wall of flat .stones is easier, and needs only a piteli of unu IH (wo inches for each fnril in height. 

A wall of round skincs should 

 have a pitch of at least three to five inches fur each tout. The sliinc.s should fit snugly 

 together, slanting back as with a rock garden, to send the moisture into the bank. Tamp 
Kixiil soil, wel, into (tit. 
1 rrmmics 

 as you f;ii along. 

Stone Walls 

High, steep banks can be 

 developed willi (wo or mure dry stone walls, slanting back, with level areas about three feet wide in between them. This level area can be planted with flowers or made into a ]«'bbtc or flagged path. 

Vines and dwarf shrubs such 

 as barberry, coralbcrry, and snowberry can be planted. 
Wcc[iing fnrsythia at (he top of 
I lie wall will hang down CIMJI-. 
Pacliy.sandra and myrtle can 

 liu used to cover Hip ground 
[under the shrubs and keep down weeds. 

! Heavy shade under trees is most attractive whim planted with gniund covers. Myrtle or pachysandra will grow in shade, and (be smaller spring- flowering bulbs will cume up among the plants. Knglish ivy, if the winters are not (no 
.severe, can lie used in (his way, loo. 

Exposed routs of huge trees 

 that might offer a ha/aril to the lawn mower, are often planted to ground covers. 

Another problem spot where 

 grass will not grow well is the moist area in deep shade. Here i.s an opportunity tn have a hed of hardy ferns. If you dun't know ferns—and most of us don't—snme of the nursery ca- talogs offer named collections. 

Peat Moss 

Prepare the ground with 

 plenty of peat mo.s.s or leaf mold. The handsome Ostrich 
I'ern will grow four feel, the 
Christmas and Lady Kerns In two and three feet. You can have dainty womi ferns and Hie fan-shaped Maidenhair — graceful and charming. 

They aren't evergreen but in 

 early spring some will send up decorative fidrllelieads to an- nounce that soon their lacy and phimclike leaves will emerge. 
Forget-me-not and lilynMhe- valley are also good ground covers for such s|xits. 

Treating all these problem 

 spaces is done by setting in plants from the nursery. You can, of course, raise some of them from seed, but it takes a long time. The first season it is important lo mulch the plant- ing, and- also wajer generously during dry spells/ After that, with 
(ho plants well es- 

 tablished, they will need little care. 

HOME IMPROVEMENT 
AND GARDEN SECTION 

(I'afifs 3-r to 7-D 

Sunday, April 14, 1974 

TUKN A SLOPE IN YOUK BACKY 
INTO A BEAUTIFUL GARDEN S 

AKD 
OT 

NURSERIES AFTER EASTER CLEARANCE 

SO HOT THEY WILL ONLY 
LAST TWO 
HOURS. 
EARLY 

BIRDS GET THE SPECIAL 
GOOD 9:oo a.m. TO 11:oo a.m 
MONDAY 

REG.49c 
BEDDING PLANTS 
6 plant, per Iray atj kind.. CHOICE 
OF 1HE HOUSE. MONDAY ONIY 
9.oo lo 11:oo o.m. 

1IW.11 8 irny. 

REG. 
49c 

CALADIUM PLANTS 

35< 

REG.'1o' 
TOMATO and PEPPER 

PLANTS 

M 

 n a 

IIMII 

 anrf. while, largo pranrt. 

IAYONLY 9:oo 
1o 11:oo o.m. 

LIMIT 5 

...Indrvrdually potted 
MONDAY 

ONIV o.oo1o 11:oo a.m. 

SPECIAL GROUP 

 uihti . . . all nrovylon 

3,M35 

, 

o»if i*l!mg Californi n I gnllaniant; tttl c 

.; CLOSING our 

Rfp. $3.9« FAN PALM 

 r«£E . . . ballfrl and aurlappld. 
Call.d 

W»«lcan 
Fan 
Palm 

NOW $1.99 ca. 

MOUNTAIN LAUREL 
OUT WHILE 
THEY 

LAST 

BED. $39.oo MOUN. 
TAIN 
LAUREL 
6 fl. 

 bulb, eilia h,avv, 

 bnll.d i burlapped 

 rCANNA ROOTS 

>>.d, phkand 
O* 
{}lk«. UMir 1o f «« 

PWARF PHITZER 
;CANNA ROOTS 

.Salmon (»''«>. J Sc C 

;. IIMII ] 
I U io 

,..<irf.i 
.•Jan ,»4 Tw 

COUPONO 

BOXWOOD 

; DWARF HEDGE 

• r,,rt aH y,ai, 
, wiU.Mlld 
' plnnli In 

(•nlalinii 

' 
IIMII 1o 2o1, 

BLOOMING 

ROSE BUSHES 
WITH A 33'/j% DISCOUNTI 

Blooming Armstrong's California PATENT 
ROSE BUSH. Theic are beautiful Ion quality bushes. Double your money back if you find belter quality at any price 
CHOOSE FROM: 

REG. $3.oo 
NOW *2°° 

V.llow Cu.hion.Y 
C-cus Parodc-YCR 

Gmtcmpo-UK ' 

 lon Gunlhnrr.TR 
Marie Anloinella-P 
Sierra Dawn-Pa lucky Lady.P 

REG. 
$3.5o ........ NOW 

OI«'R 
Pink P.ace.P 

Cl, Dclbord. Ore 
CI. dor. Juan.R 

 i n 
San Anlonro.O, 
Song of Pa.ll.l 
Slerlrng Silver.l 
Surnm«r 5un.liine.lf 
Swe.l Afr.n.W 

Grana lemon 
Mi,,,, 

REG. 
$4.oo ........ NOW 

 nix-P 

$ 6 ° 

Ph 
R 
Tiop>ccinn-O/ 
Stcitr lov.-S 
CI. EHgSplQih-R 

2 

CI. Jaiflph'1 Coat-M/C 
Command P«iloirnante.OS 
El Dorado-YB 
Kirip'i Raniotn-Y 

REG. $4.5o 
NOW $3°° 

REG. 
$4.95 ..... ... NOW S3 
S 3 ° 

P«ilumoO«lKjh|.P 
Apollo. Y 
Aquariu.-P 

Eleclron-P 
Kenluiky DgrbyR 

PATENT ROSE BUSH 

COLOR CODE CHART: 

R.Rerl 
Ra-Rerl S!'" 
L-Uvender 

M/C .Mull I-Color 

COUPON tartvrac 

W.While 
Ro-8,rl GoM 
OR-Orann, 
YP.y,!low PlnV 
P.PmV 

PYRCANTHA 

65e 

 i.d b.riifH 

 variety Qrawlng 

In I rjol. (an. 

UMir 1o 

 n G«.d M.r 

REO. 
$1.19 

CAROLINA 
JASMINE75' 

14 la 3o" loll, llokirl. MMII 4 

. Cut »^.f uJ l.r,*.T 

 ccoupONxmxsJ 

HEO 11.49 

ARTICHOKE 

Itiiat plflnH gol. (am. 
IIMIt 1 
8o 

CCOUPON 

BEG 49c 

CLOSE OUT 
BAREROOT 

Reg. 79c 
PRIVET HEDGE 
24" to 36" toll 

Reg. 
1.9B to 3.98 

SHADE TREES 
Most All Kinds 

2oe 

754 

BARGAIN ALLEY 

Every Nur.eiy will hav. a Inige group of plan), and t.eei, giowm9 in 1 anrl 3 gallon tan. Soro* balled. 

YOUB CHOICE 

COME LOOK. HAVE FUN AND BE SURPRISED AT 
1HE BARGAINS 

 vWWV%AA.VWt.Vt.VW 

OUT Vi PRICE 

SPRING PLANTING BULBS 

Plant Now For Best Results 

 tea. 31, 
DAHLIA BULBS all .oio,,. lo,,,. i n i / ( bulb 
NOW | V 72 «a 

REG. 49c 
GARDEN GLOXINIAS i.a.dy 

NOW 

REG. 
79i 

TUBEROSE BEGONIAS =«<h in- divirfually pVged. Hon9ln9 bo.kll. Oft I/ 
..Irolorg., bloin.lng 
NOW J7 /2 

SEG lie 
LILY BULBS rogal Illy, lorg, bulb. 
NOW 

SEG. I9e 
CALADIUM BULBS all color.. lma.» "in 
NOW 

REo.9Bc 
DAHLIA BULBS 2 bulb. P.r pln. 

NOW 

REO. 
79c 
„.. 

GLOXINIAS 
NOW 39 72 ' . 

REO. t9t 

CANNA 
BULBS 3 bulb, p., 
.A, 

P"<l>nge 
NOW 
47 pi. 

ICOUPON 333o33^3 

REO. 
Tic d.r 

49 C,a 

9!/2 t.a. 

49'p,g 

CALADIUM 

BULBS 

 lumbo ilt«, :» to 3" dlam.l.i 

LIMIT 1o. 28C, 

3COUPOKEXXSXX 

REO. 
$1.49 

LADY BANKSIAE 

ROSEBUSH 
65'., 

 iCbf Ml .lk| iVli itvM] f*n o**J NxiJiy t.W l«»lJ«Y 

XEECOUPON33332 

Qiawlng In 1 gal 

<fln. LIMIT 4 

WATER HOSE 

 fully CJuaianltld, 
1oo. I.nolh w/ I 

Inn.i lilllnp.. 
' 

IIMII 7 
1 

C«lr»M G««J MM>J« 

CD 
33 

GLADIOLA 

BULBS 

 il and .tialglit colon Ili,.« 

,mra larg, bulb. •• 
' 

II 4o ii/ 
.o. 

Kit t.jii-5ik; 

C.«p«i o..^ rH.nJiI 

StO i).S9 

CHINESE HOLLY 

Utolihrub, It1 

 lall. IIMII 4 8o 

REO. 
19, 

ONION SETS 

1oo T» ,*a(r(ng« 
IIMII 1 PKO. 

\ 
|(l^« 

<;«rt<i CX 

5o 

BARGAIN HUNTER 

REG.96-C 
CORNER 

WAXlfAf LUCIDIUM ... 12 io 11- .=n. td..i 

.hrub or hedge 
59c ea. 1o for $4.9o 

BOXWOOD ... a io n • tail... ideal o*o,1 .h.ub 

.a 1o f.,4.9o 

$ 
R 
7 
C998 SPECIAL GROUP 

BALLED & BURLAPPED 

BURKl JUNIPER 
„.,,„«.« n. I.H 

HETZl JUNIPER 
,„,„. 4 n. ,Q,i 

CANAERTI JUNIPER oppiox.4fi.iaii 

HOLLYWOOD JUNIPER ... app,o«. 4fi. iaii 
NOVA JUNIPER apro*.*,,.,,,, 

CHOICE OF 
THE HOUSE 
SO5o 

PLANT A ROCK GARDEN 

Thele ore (he unuiual pltmli 

Thar maVe Q lo^ garden beautiful 

GREEN SAHTOLIHft 

 lli« ground. Dloonxi yellow 
$1.98 ci. 

GRAY SANTOLINA rr«ept on 
• ^ t\n 

 lhr> ground. Bloom. yoSow 
$1.98 n. 

 iofll.t.1 
$7.98 I.. 

1 BAIL POODLE TREE, 
Waxleaf or Juniper 
YUCCA 
Aloelolia 

RED YUCCA BLOOMING 

THORNLESS PRICKLY PEAR 

WALKING STICK CACTUS 

19.oo 

$1.98,. 
$1.98,. 
$1.49.. 
.$1.49,, 
$3.99 „ 

JAPANESE BLACK PINE 
1.3. J7.95. 4 (I. lall ............. 

CACTUS 
... 

 k>ra« triiorl.d ................ 49' ... 3 Tor $ 1 .49 

$2.98 ... miilh Inr 

CLOSING our 
BEARING SIZE 

FRUIT TREES 

Ball.rl and Burlapped 

BEO. $S.9« 
PIUM TREES 'a lo t ll. lall. i varlerl.. SO99 
NOW 
3/.V. 

REO.$5.9« 
PEAR TREES * to < n. iaii. < va.i>iii.<oo» 
NOW 
* Z.a 

CLOSE OUT 

REG.M" SHRUBS 

All growing in 1 gallon tans. 

ARIZONA ASH TREE ...................... 65' , 

JAPANESE YEW 

WAXIEAF 36" iaii 

DWARF YOUPON exi,« bu.i,y 
DWARF CHINESE HOLLY 

OLIVE MANZANIUO 

GREEN PITTOSPORUM 

BUfORDl HOLLY 

ARBORVITAES 36-.all 

MAGNOLIAS 36-tali 

CHINESE KOUY uraie-iaii 

65' 
.65' 
85' 
.85' 
75' 

..65' 
55' 
.55' 
65' 
65' 

BALLED AND BURLAPPED SHRUBS 
OUT AT '/2 PRICE 

SHOP E=ARLY LIMITED QUANTITIES 

BEG.J4.SJ 

ARBORVITAES ,edn,> ............... HOW $2 4' uta.H.w 

PKITZER JUNIPER low growing ,edo, SOW 
NOW 
................................ 
»yw 

«G. $5.98 
PH1TZER ....................................... NowS2" 
"O. $3.98 

NANDINA ,eJ foSoge 
BEG. J3.»« 

GREEN PITTOSPORUM 
.. 

REG. S3.98 
VARIGATJD PITTOSPORUM 

NOW* I ' 
' 

 now 5! 9 9 

NOW $!" 

- 
. 
,,„ 

ITALIAN JASMINE 
NowSl" 

8EG.$3.«» 
............. 

BLOOMING SPIREA b,^l, w,«o,h 24'Ciq, 
'» 36" loll ................ .......................... NOW I 

CAMELLIAS 
OUT AT V, PRICE 

REG. $S 9« lo SB.9S 

CAMELLIAS 9,owinp in 3 gal. <an 

SEC. $3.9S 

CAMELUAS growing i, 
In bloom or bud 

 in 1 gal. (an.. ManyC 1 Ja 

NOW 
I.e. 

W. ha., th.t. .1 «M Ivit Si. ,d UAlirml bit ttmtiltt 

Vi PRICE ON 
BIRD BATHS 

IlHii «n IN omitmt*) «t (.Mtrdi l\\i IMI^I. 

Bta. JlJ.OO lo $29.oo 

 r^r.';!!.^.";!- 
1; 
1' so oo 

'IIHE 1oo1*51 
JP t M * 
"ill 

WHITE 

:RUSHED MARBLE 

5o Ib. sack 

For the Perfect Rock Garden 

'198 
C 
$«5o ! 
I ea. 
J for O 
, 

LARGE LANDSCAPE SHRUBS 

OUT EXTRA CHEAP BELOW COST 

REG. $8.98 
BLOOMING LADY BANKSIAE ROSE 
57 

8 "• '°'l 
NOW O 

REO. $6.98 
ARMSTRONG JUNIPER 
;n 

BEG. J7.9J 
DWARF CHINESE HOLLY si e.lra In.go 
Now JJ 

REG. $4.9B 
SENIZA 
S1 

NOW I 

5o 

OUT ALL AZALEAS 

NOW 
14 PRICE 

REG. $7.98 

AZALEAS 3o lo 36" loll. Pu/ple, wMte<<}9; and pink 
NOW ijea 

REG. 
56 9B 

A Z A L E A S All cclori, «,lra bu.hy, growing$ Q49 
" 3 9al- ««"• 
NOW Jeg. 

REG. >3 9B 

AZALEAS all colon, tilro large, growing; | »o 
«i3gol. <on> 
NOW 
I ia 

REG. 51.98 

AZALEAS all colon, dwarf, loll growing in flOc 
1 9o1' '"ni 
NOW V / e o 

REO. $149 

AZALEAS alUobr. 
NOW'69C.o. 

BLOOMING AND COLOR 

SHRUBS & PLANTS 

DESERT MORNING GLORY 
«._«,. 

.il,./ loliag. wilrr whit, b'oom. 
$2.29 >. 

BOTTLE BRUSH r.d loliog.. bloom, r.d 
$ 1 AO .. 

CONFEDERATE JASMINE 
'.! '«„ ' 

 laarfedwilh Frogronl wfc,, llowen. $2.29 II 
BOUGAINVILLEA rid and lonnd.r 
$1 .98 
.1. 

OLEANDERS 
* 

 oil lolo,,. It I, 3o" lall 
$1.98 .1. 

BIOOMING SULTANA 
:. 
$1.49 ... 

COPPER PLANTS 
' 5gc 

COPPER PLANTS n,u,i, ,„,=., 
$ 1 .'49., 

PLUMBAGO bloom. biu. 
49%, 

PLUMBAGO mu,S la,s<1 plan, 
$ 1 .98,,' 

TRAILING LANTANA Pu,Pi 
$ 1.98,, 

FEED AND FERTILIZE 

Your lawn & your plonlt need feeding now, ui« only Ihe b»t. 
CRIIN GRd LAWN FOOD We think lhl> Ii Iho bml since ll Ii tho formula prCKribori for Hill area and liat added iron ... 
5oLL>. Sack 
SS.9S 

VITAL 7 The only total guaranteed lawn food ... enough to feed 3,ooo iq. ft 
»6.«i 

VUTACHIN so ib. so.k 3.98 
VKOItO M ib. s».i 
3.49 

WOLFE 
NURSERIES! 
1 . 1 5o7 RUIZ 
2. 7oo7 SAN PEDRO AVE. 

3. 37oo BROADWAY 
4. 671 4 SO. FLORES 

5. 1134 PAT BOOKER RD. UNIVERSAL CITY 

Pag* 4-F 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 
1974 

IN OPERATING COSTS 

WITH THE ALL NEW 

 rotary I powered 

 high efficiency 
*twin stage central system 

...available for delivery now in 3Vi, 4 & 5 Ton Sizes. 

'DURING THE SPRING 
AND FALL SEASONS, SUMMER 
NIGHTS, AND DURING EARLY MORNING HOURS YOUR 
FEDDERS UNIT LOAFS ALONG ON ONLY ONE ENERGY 
SAVING ROTARY COMPRESSOR. 

FEDDERS TWIN COMPRESSOR UNITS ARE 
FROM 41.7% TO 5o.2% MORE EFFICIENT 
THAN COMPARABLE FEDDERS CONVEN- 
TIONAL UNITS. 
Ask your dealer for a detailed comparison chart and a FREE 12 PAGE FULL COLOR 
BOOKLET DESCRIBING THE NEW FEDDERS 
ROTARY CENTRAL AIR CONDITIONING. 

FREEi 12LPAGI.BOOKUL r 
PLEASE SEND ME THE FEDDERS ROTARY SYSTEM BOOKLET. IT 1 S ~ M Y ' 
UNDERSTANDING THAT NO ONE WILL CONTACT ME UNLESS REQUESTED. 

NAME_ 
ADDRESS. 
CITY. 
PHONE_ 

I desire a tedder's representative to <ontact mo 
YES 
NO 

I 
| 

New rotary powered air conditioners are more reliable than others... 
ROTOR-E COMPRESSORS have only 3 MOVING PARTS 

(Compared to 1o for conventional compressors) 

Do-It-Yourself Paneling Look! 

Like Real 
New Bath 

^ Paneling ^ 

Although Marlite mural panels are designed to fit standard tub-shower 

 areas, left photo, they can be used to add an appealing accent on 

 other bathroom walls, riqtit photo. 

SAN ANTONIO DEALERS 

AlAMO HGT. 
& AIR COND. 
118W. Rhapsody 
341-8296 
AlAMO TEK AIR COND. 
723 Brooklyn 
223-2151 

ALLEGHENY NTG. 
& AIR COND. 
6o12 GrissomRd. 
684-3851 

BARRETT & SONS, INC. 
326 MELROSE PI. 
824-2329 
CLIMATE CONTROL CO. 
21o3Dtmbury 
828-5731 
G.A.G. HTG. & AIR COND. 
681o Evening Sun 
684-8165 

GARRETT'S APPLIANCE 
2652 Austin Hwy. 
655-2o1o 
HAENSELHTG. 
& AIR COND. 
5918 San Pedro 
344-9611 
MclNROY 
REFRIGERATION 
9o1 S. Alamo 
224-7351 
NEWTRA CORP. 
1437 S.W. Military Dr. 
924-5574 
NORTH EAST AIR COND. 
4911 Old Sequin Rd. 
661-5682 
RAMSEY 
AUTOMATIC HTG. 
615Sonnetr 
344-4o54 
TEZEL & COTTER 
AIR COND. 
1o26W.Ashby 
734-5156 
, 

TRAVIS REF. 
& AIR COND. 
3o15 S. Presa 
534-6134 
WELCO HTG. 
& AIR COND. 
83 Haby—344-6266 

AREA DEALERS 

Bandera 
JOHN B. COX APPL. 
Beeville 
SMEJKAL ELECTRIC 
Boerne 
MAC'S HTG. & AIR COND. 
Brackeltville 
VAPO GAS 
Bulverde 
CANYON ELECTRIC CO. 
Burnet 
CLYDE'S ELECTRIC 
Camp Wood 
CANYON BUTANE 
Del Rio 
TYLER ELECTRIC 
Devine 
GRAHAM TIN &PLBG. 
Floresville 
LEONARD'S AIR COND. 
Fredericksburg 
USENER APPt. & SERV. 
Gonzales 
GRANTHAM APPL. SERV. 
Johnson City 
BUSTER'S APPL 
Karnes City 
McSHAN ELECTRIC 
Kcrrville 
KERRVILLE ELEC. CO. 
Laredo 
GATEWAY REFRIG. 
NARVAEZ ELECTRIC 
Leakey 
VAPO GAS 
Luting 
J & S SERVICE 
Marble Falls 
D.A. LETT 
NewBraunfels 
CUMBEE HTG. 
& AIR COND. 
Nixon 
RIOJAS&SON 
Pleasanton 
D & M PLBG. 
Sabinal 
VAPO GAS 
San Marcos 
HAMILTON HTG. t AIR COND. 
Seguln 
YOUNG'S REFRIG. 
Slotkdale 
STOCKDALE PLBG. 
Uvalde 
VAPO GAS 
Yoakum 
RICE ELECTRIC 

•unco of 

A new brick facing made of crushed stone 

 and fiber glass can be easily mounted by the do-it-yourself craftsman, using cither nails or mastic and ordinary tools. 

The reiiifnrtfd )>;iiu'liiij, r jnio llii! \vull I't'ccpUicIo urn! (hi 
1 

 jnsinllnilon is cumplvtc. Ai))il- toniiilu design, which is Ins- talled inside a rcccpliivle box nr ceiliiifi fixture can be tisccj lo create llirco-way swilcliiiig/; 

This vorsiiin utilizes the 

Surface Tiipc iiiul tniu'li-huUiin wall switch in much llic same manner us the plug-in unit. 
Siirfucc Switch is sold in linnl- 

 lends the iippisi 

 authentic brick. 

Uitnilliiii, flat, sclf-adliesivt- 

 wire culled Surface Tape allows Hie installation of a wall switch in a mailer of mimilcs. 
The system is comprised of three components—a snlid- state relay I rails former (or power unit), a thin, Iwn-cnn- diiclor, the wire and a dear plastic, (htn profile, Inueh-biit- loii .switch. 

Aljout tlie thickness of two 

 human liairs, the wire is easily camouflaged by wallpaper or two coats of paint. It is so easy lo install, a housewife with no electrical knowledge can do it. 

The power unit, which is 

 adhesive-backed, is mounted on the wall (lush with existing receptacle cover plate. The 
Surface Tape wire is run almiH the outside of (he wall to desired position of (he wall switch, which is mounted by iisini,' the adhesive back or two small screws, 

The power unit is plugged 

 ware and deriiirtnicn! stores ami most home improvement cunlev.s. 

Paper Dishes 

Matching sols of paper 

 dishes, availulile in colorful all-over floral patterns, ";>n>; slurrty dimiyh lo lie washed anil reused. The dishes ;ire laminated with a heavy plastic coating which prevents ab- sorption of liquids and oils anil stands tip tu Hie cutting edge of knives. 

The paper dishes come in. 

"Calico Country," a blue and' white floral pattern, and 

"Floral Accents." a striking red-on-ttliite leaf pattern. 

AND WALLPAPER 

Armstrong 

VINYL ROLL GOODS 

DELUXE ONYX 
VINYL SALE 

Made to do-it-yourself. Deco- rator patterns at a budget price. Slays clean with Just a swish of llic mop. Take it with you. 

Color Tile breaks the wax bar- tier! This re»olu tic nary new vinyl tile'is so shiny it seldom needs waiing Subtle onyx pattern adds richness and beauty to any decor. 

PERMASHINE 

VINYL FLOOR TILE 
Glistening shine lasts and lasts Striking 
Mediterranean patterns In Olive, Blue, 
Brown, Orange, Silm and Eterna Gold. 

 quality tile at a discount price. So 

 to care for. Enhances any room. 

VINYLON 

FLOOR TILE 
Bright hardglue finish at this low low price. Lasts a lifetime. Its tun and so easy to do- it- yourself 
4'/,«4'/« in. 

WALLPAPER SPECIAL 
Choose from decorator prints, shimmering vinjls or velvet-like 
Hocks. Buy any 3 rolls and 
Ett the 4th roll for only . . . 

INS1oCKONLY 

"THICK SHAG 

CARPET TILE 
Now 

Deep luxurious nylon pile glimorires any room at 
> budge) pike. Sell 

 slitting ind itll con- tained pad. 
59c 

MIRROR TILE 
Cleir 
Venetian tiles 

 add depth and spac- iouiiesi to any room. 
Decorate walls In mingles with easy 

Jtll-Jtick labt. 

NOW69 

C 

FULl 12x12 In. 

A durable- low cost tile that goes on any sub floor. Easy to caie lor and easy to in- stall. 

GLAMOROUS 
MOSAIC TILE 
Easy to initall pit-mount- ed sheels go on walls, 
"oori, lireplaces, count- 

. almost 

NOW77 

C 

>nr^ 
SHEET 

. 12x12 in. 

6435 

SAN PEDRO 

Ph. 344-8S72 

1714 

S.W. MILITARY OK, 

Ph. 924-9221 

1347 

BANDERA ROAD 
Ph. 434-93o4 

•TOM HOURS 

MONDAY J. TIIUISO,,, 

»A.M.I.9f.M. 
PLENTY 

1UHS..WID., I. HI. 
""'' 

9 A M , U63oP.M fHtf 

SAT. 1 A.M. I. 5,3o P.M. 

Grow Flowers 
Under Lights? 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sundoy, April 14, 1974 

NEW YORK TIMES HEWS SERVICE 

NEW YORK ~ It may still be true, as was 

 claimed in ecceslastcs, that "there Is no new thing under the sun," but there Is indeed something new under a surrogate for that radiant star. 

This Is the growing 

 flowers — everything I orchids and geraniums to miniature roses — under lights. It lias liiicn [joint; on in a small, experimental way for a good many ycar.s, bin now Ihe custom is spreading as apart- mcnl dwellers are realizing thai suburbanites and [own house owners lire nul Itic only ones who can have Hardens. 
With I ho proper fluorescent bulbs iitid sumo reflectors, plants can thrive in a dark liidlway [hat has never had a ray'pi sun. 

The wonder is Uiat people 

 who live in dark aparlmcnls in 
New York mid elsewhere and ache fur a liil of green in the midsl of stune, brick, mortar and steel, have not Uirncd in even greater numbers lo this activity. 

It needn't he expensive, it 

 docs licit demand too much time nr require profc.ssiunal gar- dening skill and those wlm arc 
I'ngagcd in it sny that it's not only a source iif bounty but thai the work involved is cmn- tjonally satisfying. 
; 
No Vines 

'lAbiiut the only thing that persons depending upon ar- tificial lights should not try is vines. "Even then there is an exception," said 
Elvin 

McDonald Hie other day in his apartment which has plants and' flowers everywhere. 
(There are more than Ml) of them, most of which depend upon sunlight, as his roams face the south.) One reason he can iiave what amounts to a 

 l^Apartment 
IS In ' L 

Dwellers 
Join., Too 

 garden is llml he lives alone; he is divorced; however, his three children are constantly run- niiiK in and out. 

"Kngtish ivy will do all right 

 under artificial lights," he explained, "because it can lie formed into a bush; hanging vines cannot be reached by the rays from the lamps." 

McDonald knows what he is 

 talking about. He's the gardens editor of Mouse Beautiful, is also a senior editor of that publication and has written 
"The Complete Hook or Har- dening 
Under 
Lights" 

(l)ouliletlay:S5.95). 

"In the early fifties," he 

 recalled, "anyone who grew 
African violets under fluroes- ccnt lights was a pioneer — anil everything was African violets in the beginning. In 1351 it was almost unheard of to grow gloxinias and other gesneriads 
(which have showy tubular flowers) by artificial'light. lint by 1H6o gardeners all over the world were growing all kinds of plants without a single ray of sunlight." 

Gloxinias 

Although it is possible to 

 have a variety of plants and flowers thriving under lights, a good many people seem to find it satisfying to specialize. 

Planting A New 
Lawn Requires 
Careful Plan 

Lawn seed is the least expensive part of 

 developing a good lawn. It pays to plant it well. 

Some lawn-seed varieties 

 will lie in shnrl supply this year, and the belter new cultivars arc more costly. 
These improved lawn grasses don't yield as much seed as other varieties, it seems. 

So, prepare your seedbed 

 well. I1'or complete new lawns, r o t o t i l l i n g is the easiest method. Aflei- tilling, rake the surface smooth. 
You'll need about two pounds of quality seed per 1,ooo sqtinre feel. Avoid cheap seed. You'll be faced with weed problems, or in blends, too high a proportion of less- desirable grasses. 

Dclhalch an older lawn 

 that has excessive organic layering of leaves and clip- pings embedded in it hy careful raking. Power rakes nr special (Iclhalchcrs often can be ronlcd. If you just want lo renovate n Ihin lawn, scarifying with n steel rake is important. Scratching the soil Ids .seeds work tlieii'way inlo (Hi! earth, especially if it has become compacted. 

Fertili/cr 

When doing ;m entire urea, 

 lo gel oven distribution, or by spreader. 

Once, ilie sc-cil is sown, 

 reverse your rake or pull a door mat over the area lo smooth it evenly and luck seed inlo soil hotter. 

In spring, a "thin mulch of 

 spread lawn fertili/er before peal moss, clean straw or von rake. A HMI-ttor 2o-1o-1o. .similar loose m n t e r i n l s 
Is good, since grass Is a Ing sprinkled on the seedeil area user of nitrogen for leaf helps. Then walor well and i;rnwlh. 
' every few dnys to keep soil 

Sow seed smoothly, either moisl as seeds germinate, 

 by hand, walking criss-cross After Mini, only lighl sprin- 

 klings will be needed. 

Mnny new send varieties, 

 improved lo crenlu more homiliful, laugher lawns, are now being introduced. Most nrc more hunt, dionghl and disease resistant. Head Ihe labels before von decide which variety is best fnr yam1 area. 

Althouijli more costly Hum 

 older types, t h e s e new viivielicu, properly plnnled, can reward you with more carefree lawns for years lo come. 
(Nole: Kail Is liusl lawn innk- 
Iii8 lime. SprliiH is next bcsl. 

SIT UP ad TAKE NOTKE 

225-1 it* 

!'nr instance, Mrs. Krodrlc 

I-owls, who Is program dlrc-clnr al New York University fnr graduale students in early childhood and elementary education, has concentrated nn gloxinias. 
. 

She has turned over a former 

 maid's ranm in her Park 
Avenue apartment to them. 

"1 started about 1o years 

 ago," she said the other day, 
"and il's the only gardening 
I've ever done." 

Mrs. Albert Maurice, who 

 like Mrs. Lewis, is a widow, said the nlher day that .she was inspired lo take up gardening under lights because her 
Siamese cats had developed an appetite for the blooms nn her 
African violets. 

A friend suggested crowing 

 the violets under lights, so Jane 
Marie Maurice had lights ins- talled in a bookcase. The closeness of the pots lo one another discouraged the cats; also, the fluorescent bulbs did not give off enough warmth lo attract them. 

Drawbacks 

The garden has its draw- 

 backs. "I can't go away for lung," said Mrs. Maurice, 
"and there are days when I think, 'I'm glued lo these plants.' Also, they need about 
1o hours of complete blackness, so I have to pull down the shades and shut out my view of the river." 

Hut gardeners tend to slough 

 off such drawbacks. 
Mrs. 

Maurice now wants to put shelves and lights in her bedroom and grow plants there. Mrs. Lewis wants to lake advance courses in botany and learn to hybridize ("I've already pollinated," she said.). 
And McDonald, who loves gloxinias — he founded Ilic 
Gloxinia Society when lie was 
12 — wants lo grow.more of them. 
New Aids 
To Better 
Gardens 

Gardeners are sur- 

 prisingly ingenious. 
Every year they think up new and better ways to garden. 

Seed tape made news last 

 year. Although higher priced for the same araounl of seed you gel in n regular packet, the convenience of having prcspaced liny seed in water soluble tape for easy planting is obvious. Cuulion. Plant al exactly Ihe depth recom- mended for success. 

Tin's year, plant labels of 

 wood with seeds attached lo the lower portion are availa- ble. You merely plant in a tray or the garden and water. 
As seedlings sprout, you'll know the variety by the label and which are valued plants, which nearby weeds. 

Starling seeds is easier loo. 

Fertile cubes, peat pellets, improved peat pots and trays are readily available. Hoots can grow right through these natural materials, enabling you to plant seedlings right into garden soil without, transplanting shock. Many firms offer complete seed starter kits for convenience. 
Often you can buy the pnls, planting mix and seeds sepa- rately to save a bit. 

Heating Cubic 

A Sure Fire kit with 5o,1 iffy 

 pots, sphagnum moss, plant- ing flals and healing cable is only $4.95 with complete in- structions. 

Inexpensive soil-heating 

 cnbtes and healing li-nys arc useful. These help seedlings stnrl heller, can hold win- dowsill wnrmth for house plants and provide supple- ment heal in cold frames or window greenhouses. 

Tim new lnm;ilo caretaker 

 is a simple (ray that holds water, nutrient solution, acts as a black plastic mulch to prevent weeds, increases warmth by absorbing the sun's hca( and forms a pro- le c 11 v c e o 11 ai- a r o u n d tomatoes In t h w a r t cut- worms. 

A lomnto lower is n metal 

 trl-stakc device. Stems go up the middle, branches grow out. The planl stays off Ihe ground, uses less space, fruits slay cleaner. You achieve (he same effect using fencing wire cylinders for tomatoes, cucumbers, olhur climbers. 

Give us a colt today, and start planning how you'll uso that extra cashl call 
225-1666. 

P-molc 
"i^T/ 
°u 
Y, 
-T °f Weitem Cedar Shin9'es ore co">bined w»h the application ease of panels in 
1 ail CIS new 46V4-,nch long Shakerrown Shingle Interior-lex Panels. The handsome new panels, consisting of 

To Accent Walls assorfed h9h» and dark shingles with contrasting grains and bold knots, create a dramatic effect on living room, family room, hallway and office walls. 

Shortages May Spur Gardens 

GARDENVILLE, Pa. (AP)- 
The energy 

 crisis could spark a new burst of gardening far greater than the one that lured price- conscious householders to the good earth last spring. 

Millions of men, women and 

 children already till the soil for feme produce and fun. The Na- tional Garden Bureau figures that "16 million more people in 
America would garden if they tiad a little encouragement" and land. 

There are ways to encourage 

 people who will spend more leisure time at home because of the gasoline shortage. Commu- nity garden systems are being formed to provide people, with- out spac» of their own, gardens at nominal rentals. 

Some progressive city plan- 

 ners and developers have start- ed community gardens with g r e a t success, according 

 to Derek KeD, director of tlie 
National Garden Bureau. The bureau is operated by the 
American garden seed industry lo encourage more gardens. 

Kleingarteiis 

There are thousands of fertile 

 acres*vithin heavily populated places waiting to produce fresh fruits and vegetables. Many areas are owned by slate and 

 municipal authorities; others by industrial companies. 

In Germany, community gar- 

 dens are described as kleingar- tcn (small gardens); in Den- mark and Sweden, kolinhave l(cc4ony gardens); in Holland, volkstumen (family gardeas); and in England, allotments. 

Fell, who recently returned 

 from a European garden in- spection lour, said that in Brit- ain, "local authorities are ob- liged by law to provide an area for community gardens if even a small demand can be shown to exist," 

Several new towns in Amer- 

 ica lave formed home-owner associations that administer 

 rented garden ptols. One is 
Reston, Va., which has two community garden projects 

 with 8o plots renting at $15 a 

 year. Water is piped to the site and a community building 

 houses tools and garden sup- plies. 

The YMCA at AshevHle, N.C., 

 began a community garden 

 project for 2o persons living in an integrated apartment com- plex. FeS said he was told blacks (about 66 per cent) and whites "forget any differences in the garden." 

Free Project 

At Ann Arbor, Mich., the Hu- 

 ron Valley National Bank and the University of Michigan cos- ponsorcda 2,ooo-family commu- nity garden project. At Council 
Bluffs, Iowa, the Kirst National 
13ank provided space for 1,ooo at $1o rental each. 

Garden Way Associates, a 

Buriington, 
VI.. engineerinK 

 a n d publishing company, 

 helped establish garden Liles for 486 families, nearly six per cent of Burlington's households. 

A children's and cmployts' 

 free gardening project was un- dertaken by Hercules Chemical 
Co., at Wilmington, De)., and 
RCA at Princeton, N.J., has ar. employe project. Brooklyn Bot- anical Garden and Cleveland public schools do likewise for youngsters. 

Want hc^> in starting a com- 

 munity garden project? Contact a special service bureau, "Gar- dens for All," Charlotte, Vt 
o5145. 

The Men's Garden Clubs of 

America also are cooperating with the National Garden Bu- reau's educational program to 
Iffilp amateur home gardeners. 

ALL OUTDOOR TREES AND SHRUBBERY 

V2 PRICE!!!' 

FOR THE MONTH OF APRIL 

• , 
• ' 
. ferti lome 

ROSE FOOD 
Containing Systemic Insecticide ' '. 1 

LPV|,SToRY! 

The best friend your rosej ever had! Pene- trates directly to the root-tystem. Excellent results.' 

TDISPIAY O 

STATUARY! 
. > <<>««v H'<' ol ornamental. . 

 itonc 9•J^CA.d«carv 

 ferti tome 

PERMA 
\ 

TRIM 
ECK3ER 

(WITHOUT A CORD) 

Chemically edge your walk, driveway, patio, foundation. No mixing, free applicatorl 

 ferti lome 

.ROOT 

STIMULATOR 
'• 
• 
• 
. .-and 

STIMULATING* 

Stimulate and strengthen early'root- forma- tion and development. Contain) major plant foods plus cheloted trace elements. 

SOIL 

CONDITIONER 

& BARK 

oo 

 bag 

88o2 Perrin-Bcitcl 

653-1412 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK-8 A.M.-8 P.M 

»:6:F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sundqy, AprlH4JJ974 

«**«^^ 
One-Pot Macaroni Supper 

Ti.n»« „..- .» i- _-.»-- *-_i j i . _ j 
. 
- fftlit^dV'.JSjiX'i* 
There are many people who feel (hat pasta 

4$ filling but lacking in any nutritional vaflie. 

<5How'to 
Beat the 

However, macaroni, 

 spaghetti and egg noodles (In have substantial amounts of the1 

 essential B viliiiiiins plus some iron and needed carbohydrates. 
Piisla also is a low-fat and low- scidium food (if you don't add yobs of butler and excessive salt when cooking it). A hearty 
One-pol Macaroni Supper becomes a complete protein uical when elbow m;ic;ironi, 

ONE POT MACARONI SUPPER 

1 quart water 

1/4 toaspoon pepper 

1-1/2 teaspoons oregano 

 leaves, crushed 

2 teaspoons 

Worcestershire 

2 cups elbow macaroni (8 

 ounces), uncooked 

1 medium (about 
1-1/4 

 pounds) eagfllant, peeled and diced 

• 1/2 cups chopped onions 

1 Jar (4 ounces) plmlcnto, 

 drained and diced 

2 hard-cooked eggs, 

 pooled and diced 

1/2 pound sharp Cheddar 

 choose, grated (aboul 2 cups) 
Salt 
Chopped parsley, optional 

1/2 cup butlerod broad 

 crumbs, optional 

, hard-cooked eggs 

;md Cheddar cheese arc coin- bincd with seasoninKS. 

Bring water to a boil in 4 

 quart pot. Stir in pepper, o r e g a n o l e a v e s , W o r - c e s t e r s h i r e , u n c o o k e d 

 macaroni, eggplant and onions. Cover and simmer for about 1o minutes or until macaroni is almost tender; stir occasionally. Stir in pi- miento, eggs and cheese. 
Cook over low heal, stirring 

 constantly, fust until cheese is melted. Season to taste with salt. Turn into serving dish. Garnish with parsley and crumbs, if desired. Serve immediately. Makes 6 to 8 servings. 

TRY A ONE-POT MACARONI SUPPER 
. . . it combines eggs, cheese eggplunt as&am&m:;::^^ 

We Welcome Federal Food 

Stamp Customers 

At Piggly Wiggly, we are so confident of the superior' quality of our fresh meals that we proudly olfer an unconditional guarantee that gives you double your money back on any fresh meat purchase which does not completely please you. So, if the meat you buy does not completely satisfy you, see our store man- ager and the purchase price will be refunded, dou- ble! 
JdX 
12-oz. Cans 
6-Pack 
USDA Choice Aged Beef Arm 
Cut Heavy Superb Value Trim 

Ranch Style Smoked 

And Pieces 
WISS 
Steak 

Chuck Steak 

HEAVY AGED BEEF, 8 to 12 Pound Average 

„ Superb Valu Trim, Blade Cut 

Brisket 
Mr. Boston 

Sticks 
Boneless Beef, No Waste 

$ 1 9 

Piggly Wiggiy, 1oo% Pure 

Florida Frozen 
Cora 
Orange 

Lemons 
Artichokes 

 es Help Bring Yearlong 

,Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 
Pogr'/.F , . 

/V.hearl-felt wish would be one for u healthy 

 ai> r°UIML Hcrc arc 

•' 
CHANIiEHIlY 

:: HAMROUJS 

Tliesc arc easy enough to 

 inakc the day l«forc anti fes- tive enough to servo for a par- ly supper. 

Vi Sup chnppcd onion 
',<rcup sliced celery 
'.i cup polyunsaturatcd oil 
4 cups cooked rice 
Salt and pepper lo taste 
16'ihiri slices of cooked ham 
2 cans whole cranberry 

 sauce 
'.i cup brown sugar 
Vi cup lemon juice 
Saute chopped onion ami 

 sliced celary in oil until ten- 

 der. Stir in cooked rice and season will) salt and pepper. 
Place h cup of rice mixture on a Ihin slice of cooked ham. 
Roll up and place, seam side down, In an oiled roasting pan.-Hepeat with 15 more ham slices, For the lopping, melt cans whole cranberry sauce. 
Add firmly packed brown sugar and lemon juice. Re- frlgerale sauce and rolls until ready to use. About 2o min- utes before serving, spoon one tablespoon cranberry sauce over each ham roll. Place rolls in preheated 35o-degree oven and bake until tlwrouEh- ly boated. To serve, remove 

 rolls to heated plallcr and pour a liUle more warm sauce over each 1mm roll. Pass the remaining sauce at the table. 
Makes 1o ham rolls; Serves eight. 

HEART SALAD 

On a crisp letluce leaf, 

 place partially creamed cot- tage cheese In a heart pattern. 
Outline the heart with a red frozen fruit such as strawber- ries or raspberries. Make an arrow out of a celery rib or piece of green pepper. 

CANDLEUGHT 

SOUFFLE 

Strawberry elegance is for 

 all food lovers. It's hard to imagine thai this beautiful dish could also be good for 

 your heart. 

2 3-ounce packages straw- 

 terry gelatin 

1 cups boiling water 
1 pound package frozen 

 slrawlwrry halves 
% cups syrup drained from strawberries 

% cup mayonnaise 
V\ cup orange juice 
8-ounce package partially 

 creamed cottage cheese 

2 egg whites 
'/< cup sugar 

Dissolve gelatin In two cups 

 boiling water. Add strawber- ry syrup drained from thawed strawberry halves. Gradually smooth cottage cheese in a blender with orange juice and mayonnaise and slir mixture into gelatin. Chill until slight- ly thickened. Beat egg whites, gradually adding sugar. Beat 

Good Health 

 until stiff peaks form. Fold into gelatin and drained strawberries. Pour Into a one- quart souffle dish with a three-Inch foilcollar and chill. 
Serves six lo cighl. 

PINK LEMONADE 

PIE (Note) 

A simple pie but just deli- 

 cious. 

1 9-inch pic shell, baked 
1 cup evaporated skim milk 
1 envelope unflavored gela- 

 tin 

''< cup cold water 
1 G-ounce can frozen pink lemonade concentrate, 

 thawed 

'A cup sugar 

Chill the evaporated milk in 

 the freezer until ice crystals begin to form around the edges. Soften the gelatin in waler. Add lemonade and stir over low heat until the gelatin dissolves. Add the sugar, stirring until dissolved,' but not thickened. Transfer the evaporated milk to a chilled bowl and beat at high speetl until stiff. Fold in the cooled gelatin mixture. Pour into the baked pie shell and chill until firm, three to four hours. Yield: six to eight servings. 

Vegetable of 

The Year 

America's leading -seeds- men voted looseleqf let- tuce "Vegetable of" the 
Year" in 1973. Easy-to- grow and early-to-mature are some reasons.for its popularity drno'ng 

 homeowners. 

 n 24 Hours 

Clorox 
Bleach 

Strawberry 
Preserves 

Johnson Wax 
Lemon Pledge 

Beef or Broiled Bits Dinner 
Alpo Dog Food 

 n.oi.$139 

Can 
I 

5 

6'/2-oz.$1oo 

Cans I 

Sugar and Lemon 
Lipton Iced 
Tea Mix 

24-oz. 

Jar 

Atnsco 
Oval Sponges 
Vanish Automatic 
Bowl Cleaner 

6 Pack 

Cello 

12-oz. 

Btl. 

Potatoes 

Blue Bonnet Quarters 
Margarine 

Limit 2, please. 

AT: 2o2o Austin Hwy. 
6839 San Pedro Ave. 

34o Old Hwy. 9o West 
1515 Pleasanton Rd. 

BORDENS 

All Flavors Round Carton 
Ice Cream 

Charcoal 
Briquets 

Mission, Whole Kernel 
Golden 
Corn 
5 $1 
%M 
Cans 
• 

Flower & Garden 

Book 

This Week's 

Features: 
Chapter 14 

"Garden Projects for Your Pleasure" 

Chapter 15 

"Garden Building 

Projects" 
Each < 

Planters 
Cocktail Peanuts 
Piggly Witjely Pink or Lemon 
Liquid Detergent 

. 12 o1. Cans I 

Btl. 

Mars, 15c Bars 
Pantry Pak 
Candy 

Kralt Dinner 
Macaroni & Cheese 
71/2B« 29 
C 

Ragu, Meatless, wyMushroors, with Meal 
-n 

Spaghetti Sauce 
15" 
2";49 
C 

 fairy Produote 

Piggly Wiggly, Buttery Rich 
Buttermilk 

ColgqteliFp 

Dental Cream 
Colgate 

PRICES GOOD 

THRU APRIL 17 

The people 

 pleasin ' 

1o-oz. Bottle Ctn. 

6 Pak 
Plus Deposit 

PIGGLY 
WIGGLY 

Son An|<>nH>:E'XP»6SS.NEWS—Su^Joy,'April 14, 1974 

From Yvonne 

This sophisticated ensemble with rainbow striping is by Yvonne of California, who will be in San Antonio 
Monday and Tuesday to present her summer collection at Paul Wesley Hodges, Dijon Plaza. The collection is filled with Yvonne's witty motifs including penguins, pansies and bees. 
Engagements 

Collier-Vail 

Christ tlie King Catholic 

Church iir Oklahoma City, 
Okla., will be the setting for the 
Aug. 3 wedding of Miss Kalhryn 
Ann Collier and Lt. Bobei t Ed- ward Vail Jr. 

Their engagement is an- 

 nounced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Merlin A. Collier of 
Oklahoma City. Col. and Mrs. 
Robert K. Vail are parents of the prospective groom. 

Miss Collier is a journalism 

 major at Trinity University 
\vhcre she is a member of 
Spurs. 

Lt. .Vail is a graduate of 

Trinity University and is sta- tioned at Fort Hood, Tex. 

Crossclt -Sirianni 

An Oct. 12 wedding in Christ 

Episcopal Church is planned by 
Miss Elizabeth Ann Crossettc and Louis Frank .Sirianni. 

The bride-elect is the 

 daughter of Maverick Crossettc nnd the late Mrs. JoAnne 
Crossette. Mr. and Mrs. Joe V. 
Sirianni are parents of the prospective groom. 

Miss CrosseUc is a graduate 

 of Alamo Heights High School, and her fiance is a graduate of 
Thomas Jefferson High Schonl 

Henccj'-Wctlstein 

Miss Barbara Jean Ilenccy, 

 daughter of Mrs. JeancUc L. 
Hc-ncey, is engaged to Thomas 
Lynn Wellstein, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Bobbie J. H'ellslein. 

The bride-elect is a senior at 

Southwest Texas State Univer- sity, and her fiance is a cadet in the 
San 
Antonio 
Police 

Academy. 

Their wedding is planned fur 

July 13 in Beitel Memorial 
Lulheran Church. 

Violet Clubs 
Plan School 

Green 
Thumb and 
Hill 

Country African Violet Clubs will hold an African violet judging school at o:3o a.m. Sa- turday in (he Villa Navaronc 
Apartments' Parly Room. 

Charles Day will conduct the 

 school, which will be open to anyone interested in Ihe fir ing and judging of African violets. 

An examination will be given 

 to (hose interested in securing a judge's certificate. Further in formation may be obtained from Mrs. A.J. Oros/. 

International Designer Pattern 

7o174 

Norman Hartnell 

Normtui Ifnrlncll dcni(jnud lhi« 2 piucci ilrcMH. Th« over- klouriO fcnlurc's n ncullopcd hemline niu] n nnpJirnlinK zipper In the conUu back. The Hlnuvcn may Ixi Ions or flhorf* Tlio Rkirl iu Hlightly A-nhnpcd nnd them iR a center hnck ?.ij)|)cr. 7o)74 is cut in MIHHOH SJ'/OH JO- 
18, [''nbrica; linen, |)it|iic, kni!«, Hhnnlung, light ami nudlutn weight wool, To order 7o174; wml pnttcrn number) Kh.c, niimo, nddreuu nnd nip. Nc-w .Spring-Sum-, mcr supplement — nil new rlonlgnH *1.oo. A Iwnus cou- pon worlh 11.oo lownrds tho purclinso of nny Spiidoa imllcrn In included in cnch-pnltnrn book. Semi orders toSpadcu, Box N.Milford.N.J. o8848. t)e|H._i,X^— 

7 Recently;I, attended' the 
::Nati6hiU'Notions tivo ma(lu ll|)'" ellif f«»- or 

Show in LasA'egas at.d liave Ipts of wonderful 
" ' 
Patterns for Big Men 

 should be becoming lo short or lall — Vogue No. 2788, No. 87-18, 
No. 8756 and No. 1o15. 

1 also would like lo suggest 

Hint since Hie malic jersey is so popular mid so available, you mighl bo inleresled in doing something in that. 

One dress thai is most 

 becoming and makes up beau- tifully and yel is quite easy lo make is McCall No. 3875. 
Another dress in Simplicity No.. 

J have solyeil is.thal.qf clblhes appropriated liat'lerh for (his for the exir'a.^fEo man.''... • 
.pccasioi\'aiidtyp'eoffabric.l am 

In lia.s.yoga's, I .met.loan asiii&ljilV.-r IU\r. 

JIa'rdy,aii(l'!icr,liusbahd,\yhb 'Wta'rll'iw.i. • ' ' have a firm which makes Jenn. 
I. have' carcfuMy .looked 

Hardy'.Pattcriis;VFIiey' liave' through tlip. pattern books and 
Wf stern ni\tt .contem'porory. have found a number of dresses slyles for Ihe whole family. The; that 1 feel would be quile atlrac- first Ihing I noticed were, ihe 
- 
• • ' - ' . ' ' • 
• 

 beautiful tailored jackets' they 
.TV/T *,; '.' TVT*! vrv 1V1 1 CC 

 were both wearing',-liiade from 
-"-*-*-+• .-"-l-a-.Y Ui> iTilOS 

 their patterns,.This, jacket I intend lo get to piysclf. : 

.lean !lardy, has projuised to 

 niakediien's shirts in'lhcvory lar.ge sizes you have :been 

Wed in Methodist Rites 
Miss Sharon Hence Moifelt 

 became Ihe bride of .Johnny 

 ta.t.Kv si/.us .you nave-ucoii Lyiiii Mayo in l.os .Angeles asking for, ajul, ,if orders hi- lleights^United Melhbdist dicat'e a real need, for tiie larger^' Church. The- Hev. James W. sizes,, she will, make up 'soine -' Campbell officiated Saturday, 
.men's jackets - _ - - . . . 
' ' 
Mr. and'Mrsrlloy K. Moffelt 

.Eaelrpattern.conies with all ..'are patents.of the bvid,c: The 

 sizes in,oiic;eni'elope. Qii-iijpst -''groom :is-.'tho son'of Mr.- and 
(if the .men's things j sizes given Mrs, James II. Mayo of Odem. arcSm.air, Mc(lUim,'.turgc;.a'n'rl 
Mis's Doiiua Schiller of 

E^tt-'il; Large.- Some of :.(he Temple Was.maid of honor. 

Uriflesmaids were Airs. Archie 
Jacoby and Mrs. fiene 

McWhorter of Odem, the 

Broom's sister. 

 jackets' are in the 38 to 42 sizes, and others are from 4-1 lo -18. 

For those of you who have 

 written about English riding jacket patterns and square dance dresses, .lean Hardy has them. The address is .lean 
Hardy Patterns, 2151 La Cuesta 
Drive. Santa Ana, California 
1C7o5. Hope she will be able to help you. 

Wedding 

Dear Lucille: 

"My only daughter is being 

 married in July. She is planning a formal afternoon wedding. 

Serving as best man was 

Jimmy Tracy of Corpus Chrisli. 
Groomsmen were John Henry 
Tracy of Corpus Christ! and 
Michael Jloffctt, the bride's ' brother. Dale Nix of Corpus 
Chrisli and Rill Scliesta of Sul- fur, La., ushered. 

Assisting as candle lighters' 

 were Ted Mayo, brother of (he groom, and Rocky Baylor, both of Odem. 

MRS. J.L. MAYO 

The reception was licld in the 

 cliuicli fellowship hall. After a wedding trip to Dallas and 
Houston, Mr. and Mrs. Mayo will be at home in Corpus 
Christi. 

6217, would alsn he beautiful made up in Hie imitlc jersey. 
1 lope this will be helpful lo you. 

Coat 

Dear Lucille: 
' 

"I have n lovely all-wool coal, 

 plum color material, but it lias wide raglan sleeves, (under the arms) narrowing down lo Hie wrist. It was purchased about eight years ago, a dressy coal, excellent condition. 

The length is longer than 

 current stylos, so several inches could be laken from the bottom if necessary. 1 would like the sleeve lo be a little wider at wrist but narrower at Ihc upper part. Haveyou any suggestions? 
You have so many exccllenl ideas." E.H. 
Dear E.H.: 

'Hie rcglaii sleeve and Ihe dol- 

 man sleeve are bolh back in fashion again. Since I don't know the style of your coat, I would like lo suggest that you look in the Vogiie Pattern Ca- talog for Vogue No. 8699. 

It's a stunning wrap coat with 

 the deep dolman sleeve and a modified raglan. shoulder. 
Maybe from thisyou will be able to gel an idea of what lo do with your coat. 

My suggestion is, however, 

 that you look through some of the fashion magazines, such as 
Vogue and Harper's Uazaaf, and you may find (hat your coat needs much less change to bring ituplodalc. 

The sleeve narrowing at the 

 wrist seems to be in, but if you have extra fabric you can put a long narrow piecing from the wrist up lo the underarm to give a little more widlli in Ihe sleeve. 
This is quile acceptable, since. 

 many patterns are actually madethlsway. 

Drar Lucille: 

"Could you tell me where I 

 can gel colored rhiueslones? 1 would like to scnil for some lo put on jeans. I haven punch that works on them." — L.L. Hear 
L.L.: 
" 

Write to Brisk-Set Rhin'eslono 

Machine Co., 28 West 38th 
Street, New York, N.Y. 1oo18, 

Lucille 
Rivers 

On Sewing 

 who imike the machines for put- ling in rhineslones. They also have rhinesloucs. I suggest you wrilc to (hem and sec if Ihey can get you Ihe colors you want. 

The Order of the Alamo 

 is proud to present 

THE CORONATOON OF THE 

QUEEN OF THE COURT 
OF MUSICAL THEATER 

Wednesday, April 24 

 commencing at eight o'clock. 

• •' Tickets how on sale 

 aft Municipal Auditorium 

All seats reserved. 
Priced 1.5o to 9.5o 

FROST BROS. 

>t 

DE M ARKO FF' S 

NIQHT CREAM 

FOR TRAVEL 

•,rt *.£..'• 

 fe*^>:.:V% 

. 
. 

AHevia Travel Stick Is the 

 beautiful new beauty way for you. 

Day or night, Indoors or out, its mist-like 

 moisturize, smooth the ravages of time 
• - 
• 
• • 
" 
• - • • • . r - - ' . ^ > f : - 
: v 
1 ' 
: 

 sunrays and help towards a golden ta""- And 

 a light faclal^rhassage that flrnis and 

 tones. An essential for jet-minded, 

 beauty-minded travelers. For a limited 

 time. Meet envoys, Mildred Gay and Carmen 

Menocal Downtown, Frost Fashion Square, 

Monday thru Friday. E*<%slve 

In Frost's Cosmetic Shop, 

; 
Downtown and Fashion Square 

FROST BROS. 

Living's Easier at Fairways VI 

Conveniences, Luxuries 

Offered in Great Numbers 

Casual living — indoors and out — is 

 completely understood by 
Fairways 

VI Apartments. 
. 

Tliosij apartments have every £fl™£>'c compactors facilitate louirt'ihi/. ^.nn..«,.[A....n i.. evcryiitiy living. imaginable convenience to make modern livlnj; easier — as carefree as possible. 

They are available in all sizes 

 to include efficient studios, throe-bedroom tuwnlionscs and one- and two-bedroom apart- ments. 

Individualized 

Kach apartment is in. 

(lividuiilly healed and air ton- dilioned. 

Luxurious sliag carpeting is 

 color coordinated with the imaginatively decorated 

 interiors. 

Open-view patios and bal- 

 conies provide panoramic views of the rolling green fair- ways of the 18-hole golf course 
•il Tnrtli: Creak. 

Fine Kitchens 

Totally electric kitchens with 

 lop-flight appliances make routine chores quick and easy. 
Frost-free refrigerators with automatic ice-makers, dish- wusliers. waste disposers and 

Numerous swimming pools 

 throughout Hie complex boast adjoining cnbanus with 

 kitchenettes and ping pong ta- bles. 

Plenty of tables and chairs 

 are by the pool for informal gel-lnfjcliicrs. 

Location it; another asset at 
I'airtniys I'l. Itiglit in the heart of prosperous nortlmes-; tern San Antonio, il is only minutes away'from Won- derland Shopping City anil the 
Sonln Texas Medical Center. 

UTSA and the new USAA 

 building also are near the apartments. 

Country Club 

Hesidenls at 
/-Vunrnvs 

VI also are entitled to a mem- bership in the. Turtle Creek 
Country Club, , where a multi- tude of luxuries are at their command. 

The Turtle Creek Country 

Club, one of the finest in San 
Antonio, allows Fairn-u\s 

•^ 
THE8UNOAY 
I EXPRESS-NEWS 
I Sunday, April 14, 1974 

 lA'THE 
I ¥GOLDEN 

5715 Woodgreen in Bristol Place 

This English style home in 
Bristol Place boasts 

 versatility in addition to its superior quality. A third bedroom has a built-in desk and can cosily be used as a bedroom, office or study. Other luxury features of this home include central air, a beamed cathedral 

• New Homes 
New Apartments 
New Townhomes 

V\ residents to enjoy full usn'of pie-size swimming pool, tennis its 18-l.ole golf course, olym- 

 ceiling in the family room and a huge picture window in the breakfast nook. Visit this and other Royal 
Crest homes in Brislol Place this weekend. They are open from 1o a.m. until dark daily. Just take IH 35 to Riltiman Road and follow the signs. 

Versatility9 Highlights 

New Home 

This lovely English tudor liomc at 

Woodgreen in Bristol Place focuses on ' satility"! 

5715 ver- 

- The largo family room is warm and cozy, ya at lliu same lime spacious and airy. 

The cathedral ceiling has ex- 

 posed wood beams, lending to a rustic effect and sliding glass doors open onto the outdoor patio. 

The gold, textured carpet 

 will complement airy decor. 

Large Windows 

The breakfast room lias large 

 windows that bring in thc- sunlighl and provide a cheery place to slnrl your day! 

In the kitchen you will find 

Magic Chef appliances in go- with-anylhing black glass and chrome. They include gas range, oven, dishwasher and waste, disposer. 

 etSSTTFifcrfjTSPTAT 

In Bristol Place 

Countcrlops are color-coor- 

 dinated in harvest gold. .Special accents include a storage closet, lots of cabinets and ice- inalier lines. Indirect lighting and a window over the sink light the area well. 

Fully Enclosed 

The two-car garage is fully 

 enclosed and could be used as a playroom on rainy1 days. 
Washer-dryer connections are found here. 

The master bedroom is car- 

 peted wall-to-wall in a dual lone shag. There's a large 

•"CtAMIHHTBTSPtW" 

 walk-in closet liere. The 
Hollywood bath provides plenty of versatility, allowing three people maximum privacy! 

The second bedroom is; 

 equally as large as the master bedroom, also with a huge walk-in closet. And the third bedroom features a built-in desk, so it can be used as a bedroom, office or study. 

Good Price 

The home is reasonably 

 priced at only $23,475. It has central air and heat by 

Kcddcrs. 

CUSSiFIEB DISPLAY . 
! 

 liristol !'IUCK is the perfect 

 setting for Ibis home. Fort Sam 
Houston is less than five minutes away and downtown 
San Antonio only 1o minutes. 
Complete shopping facilities are in the immediate area. The major shopping malls are only a 15-minute drive. 

VA financing of 7-i', per cent 

 interest is now available, as is conventional financing. 

Visit tills and other new 

 homes open in lirisiol 

1'lace this weekend. They arc open daily from 1o a.m. until dark. 

Turtle Creek 
Country Club 

11 j?A,i M,£j^ayk-3i&SiSf A 
J 

 to get what you're looking for! 

Just come to 

Bristol Placo is just a low minutes from any place in town ... loss than 5 minutes from Fort Sam, only 1o from downtown and 15 to North Star and Central Park Malls. 

And you're sure to find just what you're looking for In a now 

 itome. Fodders central air, Magic Chef kitchens and rich carpet- ing are the basics in these new 3 and 4 bedroom homos, priced from only $22,4oo. Plus a variety of luxury options. 

Bristol Placo is a planned community... perfect for families 

 or those who just want a restful atmosphere. Underground utili- ties, sidewalks, street lights and no-through streets provide for maximum safety. 

Come to Bristol Place today and sea Iho lovely model homos 

 on display from 1o a.m. until dark. 

Randolph 

A.F.B. 

^ittiman Rd. 

BRISTOL 
PLACE 

Brooks A.F.B. 

661-3o77 

Just drlvo out IH 35 to RlttimanRoad and follow tho signs. 

Hem«i by Royal Croit and H. P. Orti Company 

This "pretty as a picture" 1 8-hole golf course at Turtle Creek Country Club lures many residents to Zachry Properties' Fairways VI Apartments. New residents of these apartments can enjoy o membership in the Turtle Creek Country Clufa by 
' paying nominal fees. 

ClAS5lfl£D DISPIAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
ClASSIflED DISP1AY 

Choose your plan. 

Move up today. 

Move Up to a new Ray 

Ellison Home ... to suit the needs of your growing family or your changing lifestyle. 

Dl 
O • ove 'nto any one of 

• •Oil AIM our modern neigh- 

 borhoods. Then, enjoy your new home worry free while Ray Elli- son Homes rents or leases your present home for you. Nothing could be easier. 

Isn't it time you moved up? 
Come out today! 

The Traditional 

Ray Ellison Homes has 

 two plans to make moving up easier: 

4* 
Move into the Ray 
^m m 
Jim Ellison neighborhood 

°f y°ur choice ar|d leave your 
I old-home worries behind. Ray Elli- 

 son Homes 

 wj|| handle all the de- tails of sell- 
Ing your old 
™™,.leaving 

 you free to 

 enjoy the easy living style of your new 
•home. 

The Fillmore 

Hid l t_ ^ 
"*-".*. 
._j 

The Traditional 

You count 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

MUCH ENJOYED RACQUET AND SWIM CLUB IN THOUSAND OAKS 
. . . community of fine homes also lias resident.* teho enjoy it nil right here. 

Thousand 
Oaks Born 

Natural Beauty 

Northeastern Area 

T 
—«»^_••*—^—^—, 

Boasts Grand Clubhouse 

MortoiVSouthwest 

 has four 
Great Environments. 

With a price and an 

 interest rate that's right for you. 

OldFannll 
Valley Forge 
Information Center 
555-5931 

MortoiVSouthwest,.. 

Concerned with the way you live. 

MortoiVSouthwest 11612 Perrin Beitel Rd. 

San Antonio, Texas 78217 

Live at home with nature in Thousand 

Oaks! Builders here have planned every home to blend naturally with the thousands of oak trees and green belt areas, 

Tree-lined streets meander 

 up and down gentle slopes of- fering brcatb-taking views of the surrounding countryside. 

Each home has almost every 

 conceivable luxury 

 convenience: huilt-in 

 bookshelves, wet bats, double- brick fireplaces, exposed beam ceilings, sunken living areas, all-cleclric kitchens, an abun- dance of closet space, utility rooms, large patios, tianrt- made cabinets, paneled dens and much, much more. 

Grand Club 

The Thousand Oaks Racquet 

 and 
Swim 
Club offers 

 homeowners here (he finest leisure facilities. The oversized clubhouse has several rooms for private parties and com- munity get-togethers. 

Youngsters are provided 

 with their oun clubhouse. Ten- nis and swimming instruction is offered throughout the 

 summer. There is a wading pool for toddlers. 

Centrally located, Thouuintt 

Onki is close to all shopping conveniences and business locations. Only five miles from 
Loop 41(1 and North Star and 
Central Park Malls. UTSA, 
USAA and the South Texas 

ClASSIFIED DISPLAY 

»»' . 

A Thousand Reasons 
You Should Live 
In Thousand 

Reason No. 324: 

...2 little acorns 

 l:rom 2 little acorns, came the more than 1,ooo big, beautiful oak trees of,Thousand Oaks. When you live in Thousand Oaks, these oak trees are a part of your life. They shade your already- exquisite new home and create a lovely view of the surrounding countryside. All together they form one of the most beautiful natural communities anywhere in San Antonio. 
Now this luxurious environment can be yours. 5 leading builders are presenting their finest new homes in Thousand Oaks. New homes with all the luxury features you could ask for and more. 
B Ail-brick fireplaces BReamed cathedral ceilings kitchens H Sunken living areas • Built-in we( bars « Utility rooms B Patios. Come to Thousand Oaks today and see what 2 little acorns started. New homes arc open from 1o a.m. until dark. 

Builders: 
Great American Investment Corporation, M. A, Scholl Enterprises, 
Clinton Weilbachcr, Olmos Home Builders and Chaparral Homes 

North on San Pedro 
551o Miles From Loop 41o 

THOUSAND 

o/VKS 

T j 

Medical 
Center are just 

 ninntes away. 

Randolph AFB and other 

 mints of destination arc easily icccssible. 

North East District schools 

 serve this community with bus icrvice practically at residents' doors. 

To reach Thousand 
Oaks. 

 just drive north from Loop 41\i on San Pedro Avenue about five nilcs and follow signs. 
FAIRWAYS 

"ourts, handball courts and billiards tables. 

The club's health room fea- ures a complete line of the most modern exercise equip- nent, including relaxing sauna ind steam rooms. 

As well, the club contains one 

 of the best restaurants in the 
•ily — one where Fuirim\-s l'I residents can enjoy elbganl dining and top-name talent at 
.he same time: 

 r-'ainravs II is conveniently 

 located just west of the NAY. Ill 

Ho ad. 

Bath Idea 

If bathroom remodeling is 

)art of your home 

 mprovemcnl plans, inves- igate the possibilities of a leated bathtub, suggests the 
National 
Better 
Healing- 

Cooling Council. 
' 

If your home has hydronic 

;hol water) heating, insert a enEth of tubing or heating element behind the tub. 

When the thermostat calls for 

 leal, the tub will get warm along with the room. " 

Turtle Creek Village 

Has 'Condos' 

 bountiful furnished model is 

Secluded In a richly endowed natural sot- 

 ting in northwest San Antonio is Turtle 
Creek Village— the newest of (he Zachry 
Properties condominium communities! 
Here you'll find larse oak |•,•//«/«• this weekend. The 

 trees slimline the community's own private swimming pool and exclusive clubhouse. It's a lovely hilltop setting, very restful and very beautiful . . . just perfect for relaxed, carefree condominium living. 

Each condominium has two 

 bedrooms and two baths, and is on one level. Esch floor plan boasts extra-spacious rooms and plenty of storage space. 

Sheer Elegance 

Turtle Creek Village con- 

 dominiums are sheer elegance. 
Luxurious carpeting 

 throughout, central air, wet bars and marble vanities are just a few of the appointments you will find in each of the beautifully decorated interiors. 

Naturally, there's conven- 

 ience: Frigidaire all-electric kitchens feature self-cleaning ovens, hoods, dishwashers, waste disposers and trash compactors. A pantry anil washer-dryer connections also are included. Covered parking is another bonus. 

With the purchase of a 
Turtle ('.reck litlujie con- dominium, you also receive a free membership to Turtle 
Creek Country Club. However, this offer is only for a limited lime. 

Private. Restful 

Allbough 
Turtle 
Creek 

Villupe is a very private and : 

 restful community, it's most convenient. It's a mere two minutes from Colonies Xorlli 
.Mall and M.W. Ill 1o makes anyplace in town easily acces- sible. When USAA is complet- ed, it will he less llian Five minutes away; ITSA. less than 
1o. 

\orlhside District schools 

 serve the area. An elementary school is within walking dis- tance. 

These condominiums arc 

 priced at 83-1,2oo. and arc available for occupancy right now. 
Visit 
Turtle Creek 

 open daily from 1o a.m. until dark; Sundays I p.m. until dark. 

Turtle Creek l-'illapc can be 

 reached by turning from Colony 
Drive .south on I'owhalan pud then east onto Turtle Creek 
Drive. 

Ti:KTLK CRRKK VII.LACK CONDOMIMl MS SHOWING 

, northit'i'ntrt'ii nt'ighhorlwad iilcitl for families 

CUSSlflED DISPLAY 
~CI»SS1HEU UliPtAY 

NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO MOVE TO 

FROM 

Good Family Living at Low Cost 

Mistaken 

Some people are buying 

 electric heaters in the mistaken notion they arc conserving fuel. 

According to the National 

Belter Heating-Cooling Coun- cil, more fuel is used to make electricity than would be used to heal the home directly. 

One Bedroom 

TAKE IH 1o 

VIA DE ZAVALA ROAD 

Near Medical Center, Next to 
Elementary School and Laundry 

Spacious Rooms 

MEMBER 
1 & 2 BEDROOMS 

FOR INFORMATION CALL: 

Apartment Communities by Ray Ellison Developments, Inc. 

 in the hills of northwest San Antonio, amidst the beautiful oak irons a new way of 

 life awaits you. The continental concept of relaxed livinn can he yours in'a Turtle Creek 

Villarje condominium! A very private community, designed around your particular desires 

A beautiful swimming pool adorned with many lovely trees and an exclusive clubhouse' 

Elegant 2 bedroom, 2 balh condominiums in single-level floor plans. Luxurious rarnelimi •ind 

 wet bars in exquisitely decorated interiors. Truly spacious rooms and 

 lots of storage space. All-electric kitchens, washer-dryer connections and 

 covered parkinti. Norlhside schools Including an elementary school wilhin 

 walking distance. A most convenient location, you're Just 2 minutes from Colonies 

North Mall and IH 1o. I'rce membership lo Turlle Creek Country Club but for a 

 limited time only! All this...only $34,2oo! 

 immediate occupancy is available. Do sure to ask about our Trade-Up Plan. Come lo Turtle 
Creek Village today and see our beautiful fur- nished model. We're open from 1o a.m. until dark dally and from I p.m. until dark Sundays. 
To roach Turtle Creek Village, turn (ram Colony Drive, south on Powlmlan, (hen Itirn cast of Turlle Creek Drive, 
Townhomes 
Condominiums 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sundoy, April 14, 1974 pqgt^ 

Randolph Valley Homes 

A II ni\nn ll Alien tn 
!>„..„ .1,. f_. I. I/ .. 1 f . . i. 

Presented 

An open house in Randolph Valley sub 

 division would be an exciting adventure for ail home viewers searching for the right home at the right price. 
[ This model is only one of 
L'lfihl homes Moran Properties 
Jin 
1., ii reputable Imildinj; (inn. 

Randolph 
1 
- Homes such as the one pictured above are what have made Randolph Valley 

IToillP subdivision one oHhe top neighborhoods in the vicinity of northeastern Son 
AALMI1^ [ 
Antonio. Homes will'be shov/infl in the Converse development this weekend. 

 c;in show this weekend in 
Itlllllllll/lll I'lllll'Y. 

 j Tilt northeastern suljdivid- pion is in llu1 city of Cimvor.su, which menus l{nu<luljili 

I'lilli-y win offer residents an especially convenient lnc-;i(ir)ii close lo military buses, simp- 

 acilities uml selinnls. 

Park Village Apartments 
Suit Budget 

 liiiiiilnllili Vtittny itself can 

 be found by the intersection of 
Sclliicfcr Hd. and KM 1516. The 
Moran sales office is at ;!o7 

CIASSIFIID DISPIAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

MORTGAGE BANKING 

DEPARTMENT 

Conventional Mortgages. FHA/VA all ptograms. 

Construction loans, Subdivision &Laad loanu 

All typos income property financing 

KilllAllllHlillUiink 

MEMDEH F.D.I. C. 

715 NAVAIiHO AT PECAN STREET 

P O. DOX 1!>LI8 . SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 782o1 

I'HONH ( G I K ) 227-D3D1 

THUNDERBIRD 

ESTATES 

Homes, by H.P. ORTS 
3o,ooo lo 4o,ooo 

The bcil in llv; N&rlh Wc^', <.on*ryi 
:cnl 1o o'l ithock end sbcpp 
;ry ctr.- 

1eii. 1 b'oA-, (roni t!ctrci!cry Stfool & HijTti ll^rjli School. H Blc|i 
Living wllli 25 t-\'-'t View, CSocic ard pJa.i ycur Kcrre MI Irumdc^-d 

684-1386 
OPEN SAT. & SUN. 

1o 'TIL DARK 

Your apartment should be different because 

 you arc unique. Your apartment is a direct reflection of your own unique reality, so it should be exactly right for you. That's what 
Park Village Apartments have to offer. 
An apartment sliinihl match 

 your personality. The style, Ihe little lunches Ibcy provide, show I'url; filla/fa 
Apart- 

 ment's regard for individuality. 

Wall-to-wall carpcliiiLj in 

 viuranl colors reflects your warmth and humor. The con- venience of CJE electrical appliances reflects your 

 interest in a job well done. A well-designed kilchen can aid your energetic creativity while helping you make efficient use of your lime. 

Comfortable 

Your comfort is well served 

 by air conditioning and heal at your control. If the tempera- lure is 1oo degrees and holding on the oulside. you will be 

 relaxed and comfortable" in your I'nil; J'illnj',' apartment. 
And so will your family and friends. 

There is a lot to consider 

 when you choose an anarlmenl. 
I'arli I'illiigu Aparlmenls, located nn the prestigious norlhcastern side, offer an apartment for you. Die distinc- tive individual . . . a place where you will enjoy just being yourself. 

The apartment you've been 

 looking for is al 
I'arU 

\'itltiKc. Take N.K. Ill 35 lo 
Eiscnhaucr, then take 

Bisenhancr to Ray Bon Drive. 
Signs lead tno way lo I'url; 
I'V//(i£e; Aparlmenls. 

There's one Dial's really you. 

And it's beautiful! 

Louisville Complex 
Purchase Stated 

American Equity Investment Trust report- 

 ed the acquisition of the 
Ewing 

Place Apartments in Louisville, Ky. for a price in excess of §6.4 million. 

This project consists of •HID 

 giinlcn apartment units located, mi 31) acres with excellent 
.lllU'llilH'.S. including trilltis iMiurls. The iirupcTly will be iminaged by Life Investors 
Kcally Oi. 

American ICquUy presently 

 owns Gl proirerlies located in 1o stales, and has assets in excess 
(if $9o million. Tlic trust has paid dislHhutiims fur 
5H 

 consecutive ninnlhs since ils inception, and 1o7:) distribu- tions lulaled SI.7 iiiillinn. 

American Ki|iiily is spon- 

 sored by Life Investors, a financial iirKaniftiliim (ipcrnl- iiu; in Ihr areas of life in- surance, nuilnal finuls and real eslale. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

American Equity owns ani 

 operates six aparluienl 

 complexes it) San Antonio, cacl managed by Life Investors 
Healiy Co., 1C:; W. UampartSl 

Hold Back 

Because more than 11,oo11 

 people died from fire List year, the National Belter Ilealing- 
Couling Council urges home owners to install ft reproof dampers on all ducted healing systems. 

Because Ihe dual in sucli 

 systems is fan-forcc<l, there is danger oF spreading fire and smoke, the council says. 

On Ihe other hand, liydronie 

(hoi water) healing is a .scaled system and dot'sn't need fans or blowers. 

Showcase* 

The showcase home in 

Vloran's open house this 

 veeki'iid is a Ihrec-bnlroom, wo-bath borne at.')!:( Koyal St. 
II ltillllltilli/t I'liMoy. 

Much is offered in this beauty 

I'ith a 75 per tent rock exterior iml two-car garage, located in 
>ack and easily reached by a circular drive. 

A fireplace inside mulches its 

•ock exterior. The home's 
.('sign locates the fireplace in a compleli'ly separate living 
•(win. 

So up-tn-tlate are the fine 

 realnrcs of this home" that a mss-lbru serving bar connects 
.he decorator kitchen, which boasts built-in GE appliances, with the patio. Included in the iniill-ins is a self-cleaning oven. 

Other Extras 

Other extras included in this 

 model are an intercom system, large pantry and laundry room. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

In 
Hnnttol/,!! 

I tiltuy offer much for the money, all in a reasonable price range of $27,5(1o lo $3o,5oo. VA inancing wild a low interest 
-ate of 1% pur cent is available; 
•onvwilional financing calls for inly 5 per cent down. 

These are terms on homes 

ClASSlFIEDOISPlAr 

 buill by Martin Properlies Inc. 
Immediate occupancy is of- ferer! for buyers who qualify. 

HtiiHlollili J'uf/ov is in Ihe 

 immediate vicinity" of a hii-li school and elcmcnlary school, cacti within the highly regarded 
Judsun District. Uus service for other grade levels is available, too. 

The young area's name alone 

 implies that [iandolph AFI1 is nearby, as is N.E. Ill 35 leading lo San Antonio's elaborate, handy expressway system. 

Exact directions for driving 

 out to Moran Properties homes in /(riiir/n//i/i /'«//t'v can be found in Ihe firm's advcr- liscinenl in this section. 
' 
DISMAY ' ^" 

^l&M 
~ 
^* 
^~ m m 
^^* ^^ ^-* 

Qpcmtments 

OFFER YOU ECONOMY- PLUS 

FROM $l\A 

One Bedroom | l™^1 

If saving money is important to you, see how much you get in convenience and comfort at Glen Terrace 
Apartments. 

Near Randolph, Fort Sam. Northeast Schools, Day 
Care Centers and Shopping Centers. Glen Terrace offers you, your children and pets a nice homelike atmosphere with spacious rooms, patios and garden, areas. 
~" 

Glen Terrace Apartments 
71o6 Gien Terrace 
656-2116 
OFF WALZEM ROAD - FOLLOW SIGNS' 

APARTMENT COMMUNITIES BY RAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENTS. INC. 

WHEN YOU BUY A MORAN 

PROPERTIES HOME . . . YOU JUST MADE MONEY! 

MORAN HOMES ore priced so low for all of the cxfra quality built 
Into them that tholr Increases every day. Come soo why a MORAN 
HOMI Ii an outllandlng, investment for your living dollars. 

MORAN 

Randolph 
Valley 

Subdivision 

WATE LIVING AT ITS FINEST 

ALL-ELECTRIC KITCHENS BY 

G E N E R A L ^ E L E C T R J C 

PROPERTIES. INC. 
•« 

RANDOLPH VALLEY SUBDIVISION 

SALES OFFICE - 3o7 ROYAL 

$27,5oo—$3o,5oo 

LOW 7%% INTEREST EXPIRES MAY 1 

VA-NO DOWN • CONVfNriONfll OfUY 5% DOWN 
• IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 
• ALL V, MASONRY WITH fIREPLACES 
• INTERCOMS 
• G.E. SELF CLEANING OVEN, DISHWASHER 
• AIR CONDITIONING 
• WALL TO WAIL CARPETING THROUGHOUT 
• CATHEDRAL BEAMED CEILINGS 
• SUNKEN—"ROMAN" — SHOWERS 
• FINISHED TWO CAR GARAGES 
• PROFESSIONALLY DECORATED—COLOR 
« LOW TAXES 

CONVERSE t 

RAFB 

F.H. 78 

JUDSOM 
SCHOOl 

SCHAEFER RD. 

AIL THIS FOR UNDER $3o,ooo 
BY MORAN PROPERTIES 

D 

RAHDo1PII 
VAUEY SUBDIVISION 

658-8367 

| Of K Park Village has everything vilIQQP for a srowing 

ApQflmenls 

 a Children and Pets Welcome 

• All Northeast Schools Nearby 
• Decorator Interiors 

• Wall to Wall Carpeting 

 c Colorful Kitchen Appliances by GE 

• Wide Selection of Floor Plans 
• Trees Everywhere 
• Indoor and Outdoor Recreation 

Facilities 

• 3 Large Swimming Pools 

• Five Convenient Colorful Laundries 

• Minutes from Shopping Centers 
• Near Randolph 

 and Fort Sam Houston 

Choose from effi- 

 ciency, small or large 
1-bedroom or 2- bedroom apartments. 

Prices start at $124 

-Sen Park Village at 483o Ray Bon Drive. Exitfrom 
IH 35 Norlh at Eisenhauer Road, Drive East to Ray 

Don, then follow the signs. 
Or Call 653-73oo or 653-113o 96 Daily, 1 6 Sunday. 

A 
Happy 
Family^ 
Affair 

Save Gas I 
Live Here For All Your N«ed»! 

APARTMENT COMMUNITIES IV RAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENTS. INC, 

-— 
•^^"""•i^™™^™^« 

How Much Money Have You Lost 

By Waiting To Buy A New Home? 

*& 

_-__j^^*~"———. f 

//^l^V*1 f EA7URED HOMf THIS WEf | 

—^~ 
V 
53o1 LA PRADERO CIRCLE 

$35,625 

• 75% MASONRY • VENETIAN MARBIE VANITIES • LARGE PATIO 

AREAS • TERRAZO THE ENTRYS • CERAMIC TILED BATHS • 

CARPETING • All ElECTRIC KITCHENS • CENTRAL AIR, HEAT • 

DOUBLE GARAGES • OPTIONAL FIREPLACES • EXTRA INSULATION • 

CONVENIENT TO EXPRESSWAYS • lARGE LOT & PRIVACY FENCE 

• AND MUCH, MUCH MORE 

 wo KK 

 lyuKt1 *N rr^-H 

,,J> 

Shepherd 
& Burris 

FOR INFORMATION CAU 

DAVID WISE 

OR 

V1NNIE YAKUBANSKI 

656-11oo 

NORTHEAST, ci ' 
...CM»f«8»l 

SAtES 
OFFICE 

^ , /Wil nado/ s 
Dorado 

 fiEN£ML®ElECTIIIC 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISn*Y r 

•«•»••«••»•-«•»•;.• 

A Symbol o 

 f~^ It *• « <-i 4- j-t *-«. 
A Symbol of Elegance 
Christopher Hill 
Condominiums 

 corner of JV. New Tlraunfels and Grnndviciv 1*1. 
Alamo Heights. Just-romplrleil inwithnuse^ 2-3. bedroom, 2 l£ Lathi., privulc gardens, swimming pool. Fully carpcleil and draped, all,General Klcc- 
Iric kilchens with woshcr-drjcrs only 5 led. 

832,5oo u> 837,5oo 
OPEN HOUSE 
L 

Saturday, 1-5 p.m. i 

 contact Carnlyii Cruluim, Realtors 
A 

J26-8673. n i i c s « 2 f r - : K H 9 . I 

Ellison 

Guarantees 

Ray Ellison Homes is one fers a number of advan- tageous programs to make buying homes easier in al- most any given situation. 
And homes marketed by 
Ellison arc on display this weekend in Ellison com- munities on all parts of tcwn. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Proof Positive 

 trie Values in 

John (Tiarsfioll Meadows 

NOW is the time to buy a new home. But don't buy until you've seen these extra large new homes in John Marshall Meadows. 
A sought-after northwest location, excellent Northside schools and new homes full of luxury features such as all-electric kitchens, carpeting, central air and even fireplaces! These homes are ready for you today, so come out and view them from 1o a.m. until dark. 

 address 

82o7 Joe DiMaggio 
8215 Joe DiMaggio 
8238 Joe DiMaggio 
823o Joe DiMaggio 
8226 Joe DiMaggio 

8315 Babe Ruth 
821o Joe DiMaggio 
82o6 Joe DiMaggio 

 bedrooms 

4 
4 
.4 
4 
3 
SOLD 

3 

3 
SOLD 

4 

 baths 

2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 
2 

 price 

$35,95o 
$35,25o 
$35,95o 
$35,95o 
$32,95o 
$36,75o 
$35,95o 
$37,75o 

DIRECTIONS: Drive out Bandera Road north of Loop 41o and turn right on 
Eckhe'rt Road. Follow tho signs to John 
Marshall Meadows. 

John Marshall Meadows 

ECKHERT 

JOHN 

 arshall eadows 

ANOTHER VALUE.FASHIONED COMMUNITY BY EDGAR VON SCHEELE 

EXPRESS/NEWS 

ALL EXPRESS-NEWS CLASSIFIED 
ADVERTISEMENTS DO IS 
MAKE MONEY FOR YOU! 

Regardless of what you v/ont to buy, sell or lease, 
EXPRESS-NEWS Classified Ads bring you tho action you want—FAST! Join the Sun Antonians who have proved the EXPRESS-NEWS works best for you—day- in and day out! 

225-1666 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 

Ellison's Purchase Plans 

Help Customer 

Buying a new home is such a hassle . . . 

 wouldn't it be nice if you could just choose a new home and move in without worrying about selling your old home? Well, you can ,. 
. when you buy a new Ray Ellison home. 

The firm's 
Guaranteed 

Mow-Up I'lan Is-ts you move inlo your new home wliik' Hie firm itsi-lf rcnl.s, leasts nr setts yimr uld home. This is just one of Ilk' ways t'llison has laken the risk mil of buying a luinu'! 

Tin- oilier Ellison "Nii-Kisk" 

Inline ownership plans include: the Guaraiilccd Trailc-In I'lan dial niiiki's having i\ larger lunnc easier as your family criiws. \Vilh Hie Try lleforc 
You liu.v 1'lmi. you can live in your new hotne and your new community fur :ill days at no risk In you. 

And Ellison's famous 

(luaranlced Buy-Back Plan means lliat, it you arc trans- ferred /roil) San Aiilonlo ivilliin three years of your purchase, 
ICIlisou will buy back your home. 

The Customers 
Service 

Departments assure you thai your new home meets the high quality standards set by 
Kllison And, nil this adds up lo the added security you j;et when you buy a Hay Ellison hnme. 

I'lus . . . new Ellison homes 

 are found in well planned com- 

Apartments 
In Camelot 
Fit Spring 

Seasons 

In the 

Two swimming pools, cabanas and recrea- 

 tion areas the children love provide the fun focus for the Camelot way of life. 

A way of life t!i;it emphasises 

 family urn is just (lie ucgimiini; of what Cuntvlat A]Kirlmonls have lo offer. 

 limit's a Koudslart. 

Sunny Outlook 

Kun begins wiih a sunny 

 outlook lli;i[ the beauty of mi- lure can provide. A lovely set- lins. including' professionally landscaped grounds, es- 

 tablishes a happy, upbeat muud f»r outdoor recreation at the 
Cniin-lui Apartments. 

From tliis setting uf garden- 

 like greenery, step inlu your beautiful apartment, laslcfnlty and elegantly decorated with dramatic emphasis on warm colors like liarvcsl gold and avocado green. It's fun to live in au apartment that reflects yuiir own stylish table! 

You'll also enjoy discovering 

 the many extras your C,,,,,i-loi apartment offers. All Hie most desired kilchcn cnnvcniences are yours, including GE elcc- 
Irieal appliances. 

Another Plus 

Anollier plus fcir the 

 f.'i»»i'/iii Aparlini'iils is their 

Enjoyed 

 desirable northeastern loca- tion, close lo expressways and shopping centers, and within a short distance of fine North 
Hast District schools. When yon live at Crime/of, the whole city is yuiirs in ininule.s! And that means you save gasoline and money! 

Find out just how much fun 

 life can be at the Camclot 
Apartments. 
From one- 

 bedroom to three-bedroom aparlmoiils, Camelm can ac- commodate you your 

 family. 

Fun living is for all in the 

 family at the Camaloi Apart- ments, 8ooo Midcnittu. just off 
\Vatan Hnad. Come out and sec. It's a happy (ling that can start [Ins spring ami last for iininilis to clime! 

Open and Shut Case 
Framed for Windows 

Tiie energy crisis doesn't because of the largo etass 

 moan we have to start llvlnj> 
In homes without windows. 
Good thing, because a win- do w 1 e s s home would be drtary. 

Actually, good operating 

 windows ure essential to en- ergy conservation. A home without windows that open and close would have to rely on nlr conditioning and 

 year-round mechanical ven- tilation Tor the comfort of occupants. Tlic new World 
Trade Center buildings In 
New York City, which do not have windows thai can he opened In mild weather, consume a b o u t as much electric energy as the entire city of Schenectady, N.Y. 

Energy conservation 
Is 

 one of several points Hint should bo kept In mind by homeowners who arc "win- dow shopping" for a home remodcllnc or moderniza- 

 tion project. 

An example of the strides 

 that have been mnde In window technology Is the gliding window, long a fa- vorite of home remodelcrs 

ClASSIFiED o1SPIAY 

 areas that permit unob- structed views. 

Andersen Corporation ot 

Bayport, Minn., a leading window manufacturer, re- 

 cently Introduced a prefln- 
Ished gliding window that has XI (extra Insulating) welded glass as standard. 
The glazing consists of two panes of glass, welded at the edges, with a special dry gas s e a l e d in the 3/lG-lnch space between the panes. 
The dry gas Increases the 
Insulating ability of the 

 glass by 2o percent over welded glaring without the special gas. 

The XI w e l d e d glass 

 g r e a t l y simplifies home miilntenanco chores. In ad- dition, the 
Penna-Shleld 

Eliding window does not 

 linve lo be pointed because the wood sash and frame arc covered by a sheath of rigid vinyl. It Is so simple to 
Install that even u home handyman can do It. For In- structions on window Instal- lation, write Andersen Cor- poration, Dcpt. DYW, Bay- poit. Minn. 55oo:). 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

^MiiiiiiniiriKMiminiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiuiMuiiiiiiiniMiNiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
Mn 

Real Estate 
\ 

Today 
\ 

By GUY CHIPMAN, Realtor. 
I 

BUY'|"NG"v's'."'RENTiNG 

To bu/ of to runt—Ihat 

 is iho queslion. Doth hove 
Iheir place. First, renting can be the answer (or families who know Ihcy'll only be in Iho area for a short time or who prefer no! 
1o contend with 

 maintenance. It's cilso the only solution for anyone with insufficient funcU fo; the down payment on o home, 

Tho main disadvantage 

 of renting, is a financial one. 
As living costs riso—so do rents. A loaso may prolecl you tcrnporarily, but when 

11 expires, Iho landlord is froa lo Increase tho ron- 
I—ovon under ronl conlrol v/han justified. 
Ronl 

 payment cannot bo deduct- ed from Income tax as Iho 

 homeowner con deduct real eslolc laxcs and interest on the mortgage payments. 

Your best buffer against 

 inflation is to ov/n your own home. 
You'll also bo 

 pleasantly surprised lo find it also is ono of Iho best financial investments you over made. Your payments will remain relatively love! while your resale 

 value—especially in this area—will continue to riso. . 

824-6395 

If there is anything we con 

 do lo holp you In the fiold of real cslalo, please phone or drop in at Iho GUY CHIP- 
MAN CO., REALTORS oflico closest lo you. Wo'ro here to 
'help! 

 mumtics In Hie niosi preferred areas of town. 

In iiorthcnslei'ii San Antonio, 
Crimc'/o( nnil The Glen offer 
Hie ext'cllcnl iidvniHiUjcs of 
Norlh Kast Uislvict schools. 
Tlic.sc conuminUles are close lo 
Tort 
Sam 
Houston mid 

 expressway convenient to the other military bases, downtown iiml the slioppiny nnills. 

(.'onilili'lc shopping facilities 

 are in tlif iiinnediiile area anil a 

C new slioiipint; mall is lie- conslnictud riyht next door 

 at IValwm iinad and HI ;(5. Tins 

 the new Cauu'lut Rccn-atiun 

CHil> that includes swimming 
:md tennis. To reach Cumrlat 
;ind '!'/!,• Glrii, exit from 111 
35 at Walzcm Koatl and linn cast. 

Northwest 

At (he fool of (he Texa.s Hill 

Country is Uahi-nrk :\'urlli. It's riylil in the midst of San An- 

C1ASSIFIEO DISFIAT 

 tonio's Ki'owlli .. . Smith Texas 
Medical Center, UTSA and 
USAA snrniund lliis peaceful area, 

It's in Hie Norlhsltlc School 

District, and (hero's nvcn an elementary school \\llhin the comiminJly itself. 

The new rccrealion chili is 

 beint; completed anil offers 
Mvimmint; and Icmiis. .lust take II! HI Northwest to I)e 
Xavala Kuad and follow Hie siKiis. 

Itwilnpi' l-'iirm is liicalcd ill 

 the Nurthside School District, 
Ion. Its adjacency fo Loop '11(1 puts Ihc military "asps, South- west Research and the malls wilhin easy reach. Vel the community retains some of lite charm of its history as a farm. 
Homeowners may lake advan- tage of swiminhtK and tennis within Ihc community. 

Visil 
Ilirriitifn- l-'iimi liy 

 exiting Loop -II* «l Marhach 
Kuad. 
1'iiiricntitl and .•Imrni'iiint 

 are in the l'iille\--lli area, They lioasl pros |iin\imily 
(« 

 l.acklaud Al'H. Wilfuril Hall and Kelly AFH. Complete shopping facilities ai'e in the immediate area. Take Loop -Illi 
South ID Valley-!li Drive and follow sinus leading Ihe way. 

In southeast San Antonio. 

(in-i-niniv has leisurely 

Inkeside HviiiK. II?; own ponds at the entrance, recreation dull witli .suiiiiiniiiK ami lenuis and nearness 
In Hi aim IK and 

I'ulaveras lakes make il so. 

,lnsl take III :l7])asl Loop-IIII 

 and follow the sifciis lo f.'ri-rn- 

Visit line of Ihcse l:'.llison 

 comnumilirs [his weekend ami see the lovely furnished models on display. They are open from 
I) a.m. until dark daily and from 
II a.m. tmlil dark Sundays. 

ClASSIFIED DISflAf a/iSSiflEDTSTSPiAY 

Unmatched Convenience... at the most reasonable price for complete comfort! 

• ] or 2 Bedrooms • All Utilities Paid 
• Party Room • Swimming Pool • Draperies 
• Shag Carpeting • Covered Parking 

The Newest Section Is Leasing Mow-Hurry! 

Jusl behind No'lhwesl 
Shopping Center ofl 
Fredericksbury Road 

5 Min. lo UTSA-USAA 
1o Min. to Downtown 

All-Elrclric 
Kikl'.cni By 

911-923 Vance Jackson 
736-oo43 

Heritage Pafh 

 fV 

SAN ANTONIO'S NEWEST 
NORTHSIDE SUBDIVISION 

HOMES FROM $38,5oo 

CHOOSE FROM SAN ANTONIO'S EIGHT BEST BUILDERS 

• CERTIFIED PROPERTIES 

826-375o 

• DOUGSCRUTCHIN 

694-3366 

• JOFtE CONSTRUCTION COMPANY 

223-9486 

• 1oKN RAYNOR BUILDERS, INC. 

694-3494 

• o1MOS HOME BUILDERS 

344-9271 

• PADGETT HOMES 

696-567o 

• PRKISION HOMES BT HICKS 

CONSTRUCTION 
3-11-2538 432-5511 

•TOM MAGNUS HOME BUIIOERS, 

INC. 
694-3882 

Spring 

 festival of new 

TIIKS1' NI'AV HOMKS A UK OPKN TOD/ 
" 
• • V ^ I T I I , . ! /\JVl'j ^J|r|',[\ 
I V J I J A Y 

ADUKKSS 
•IftIS Temple I [ill 
J5I1) '['einple Mill 
•S52.1 Trmph Hill 
I.18.M1 Lnnilinurk l.(«2« Knifjslmry l.>82d Kingslmry 
!.(«.») Kinr-slxiry 
I.WIM lirays Ion-si 
/ 
* "• * ••' 

IUCDKOOMS 
HA'1'IIS 

1 
2 

1 
1 

• 
% 
2 

•* 
2 

1 
2 

•' 
2 

•* 
2 

 t 
2 

•' 
2 

1 

 rmcr. s \ t / a — 

1 "'" 
S.U.tillii 
S.l.i, IIDil 
S.!').*,!!!! 
5.17.2(11) 
S.M.51M) 
$.l').f,(H) 
$l.l,.lim 

— -— — — — ——* ™^_ 

DIRECTIONS: Drlvo north of Loop 41o on 
Nacogdodios Roaif or 
Perrln-Boltol 4>/2 miles to Fe»thercrost. 

FRED SCHULZE 
344-4o91 
692-1916 

BUILDER 

655-5o82 

STATHLY THICKS ENHANCE 'MAGICAL' IIEAUTY OI' MISSION TKACK 
. . 'Total Knvininincnt' concc.pl jiratlucatl four iliffcrant fyy«;.s of 

San Antonio EXPRESS.NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Marshall Meadows 

Prospers 

Your new home is a very important invest- 

 ment, so you should carefully evaluate all the facts before making a decision. 
Once you've done this, you'll 

 realize that the new homes In 
Jiilin Miinliull Mi'iiilotfi. are a 
Ireincmloiis value 

Joliu •Mtirduill Mfinliiiii is 

 currently presciuinK new three- anil four-bedroom homes in llic 
W2,25I) to $37,7511 price range. 

Kaoh (if the spacious new 

 homes offers central air and heat, car|>oling Ilirnugliniil and fireplaces. The kitchens are all-electric and boast range, hniid. dishwasher and waste disposer. There's plenty of usable cabinet and stontKe space IhrMigliijul each huinc. 

Family-Minded 

 has been 

 designed with families in mind. 
I.argt family moms, big bedrnmns and huge closets .. . tx-Tiiusc families have a lut ol 

Mission Trace's Many Features 
Hard To Believe 

CUSSIFIED DISPLAY 

It seems magical — if not mythical — that a 

 community such as Mission Trace is offered as a place to call "home." 

CIA5SIHED DISPLAY 
CUSSIflK) OlfP 

IT'S LIKE LIVING IN A PARK! 

No need to put off the good life . . . models ready for immediate occupancy, featuring: 
• Four dislincl life st/les - Garden House, Patio House, 

Clusfer House, Villas. 

• Tennis courts, swimming pools, .putling greens, 

 playground, lake, clubhouse. 

• More than '/3 Ihe community in open space o^ 

 recreation areo. 

• Advantages of home ownership with convenience of 

 apailment living. 

• From $4o,ooo. 

/ 1,2oo Vance Jackson • 696-3711 

JackDevore. Tommy Adams — Builders 

FINANCED BY n 

FIRST FEDERAL 
Savings & Loan Auuuatjon 

 of Sin Anlomo 

Whitehead & Holliday Exclusive Agents 

Beaut if ill Homes 
Among the Trees! 

Nestled amid yrovcs of 

 nature's loveliest otik 

Irces is nn environment 

 so quietly elegant and natural, you'll feel as if 

 you discovered il yourself. 
Come discover. Come see 

Park Poresl. Beautiful 

 homes aniony the trees 

 from $•! 7.ooo. 

Kilchen Applfancos by, 

GENERAL $ij:iEClRIC. 

 crea! Ainoi'k:«i invest men! co, 
Al OiMl Amcrlcn, wi> accept nothing short of excellence 

Only it fcvv nilmilei mil II11o. 
I'ntk Fotosl's kKAlkin 15 klcnl! 

No "Mytlis" can apply In nique .l/iWu/i Trui-K. This ew neighborhood makes nu ild claims by using (lie ogans "lotal environment" ml "like liviiiR in .n park." 

It's for Real 

All thill Minion Tiai-e offers i, indeed, for real! Allhouyh ol all its amenities are oinpleled, (ho cnmmnnily has hewn hundreds, if not 

 liinisaiids, of home hunters ils rfcrings, and all agree that 
'total" is Irne, if nol an under- talcnienl. 
"Like living in a parkV" 

Veil, these lioinc linnler.s saw ow here (hey could live rigid vhere (here's a marina, swim- ning pools, their own 

•lubliniise, pulling greens anil 
Mciiic gronntls. 

I'lcnly of natural trees add lo 

 he park atmosphere, Inn. As 

 space," which 

New 'Total 
Community 

Planned 

 memories lo mnkc and to keep. 
Of course, the back yards arc spacious for robust youngsler*. 

Your new home is an invest- 

 ment and like all invcMmcnls, you should carefully consider ils fulure. Jul,n Mmsluill 
Mrailau-s is in (he rapidly 
Browing norlhwesl. The .Snulli 
Texas Medical (.'enter, UTSA and USAA arc nearby, and conlribnle lo Hie rapid growlti of this area as well. 

This community is in the 

 preferred Norlhsidc School 
Dislricl. 
John 
M,,rs/,,,lt 

Meuiliiin is right across the slrec( from Marshall High. 
.School buses pick up children for middle and cleineiHary schools. 

Appreciated 

Parents will really 

 appreciate the convenience of 
Jiilin Mfirshull Mtuulnn-s to work and shopping fauililies. 
Nearby fxiop 41o puls anyplace in .San Antonio just minutes away. Koger Kxecnlivc Center. 
Southwest Research. Lackland 
AFIJ and Wonderland arc just a short drhe. 
Jiuilder/di'velopcr Edcar von 

— Express/News= 

 ocelhcr willi recreational 
]iace is more ample than csiilcntia.1 area, adds tci the al- uosl magical effect. 

And Walkways 

Walkways, of course, are 

 featured in almost all recenl neighborhoods. But al Mission 

 in: Ihey are unique in that 

.hey never inlcrsccl with any of 
Ihe area's wide, curving streets! 

Yet this is not all lo llic at- 

 tractive arrangement of .l/i's- ii'riii Y'rm-iT. Us homes, which 
:m;isl slyles actually "horn" in 
San Antonio, arc conveniently iiitl handsomely arranged on comparatively small lots. 

•inniry styles are featured nn the h'nmes' exteriors and in heir interiors. 
Homes in Mixsitin 7r<rr<: are 

 milt lo suit different lifestyles very well. Cluster, palio and garden houses, along with 
'villas," are included by buil- 
:liT/developer .lack Devorc and 
LMi-huilder Tommy Adams. 

Excellent Location 
Carefree, apartmeul-slyle 

 living also is possible in ,Hi°s- 
««>« Truce. A memterslup in lie community's Homeowners 
\ssoeiatinu is advantageous in liis way. This is another nffer- ng \\hich can Ix' explained al he Information Center. 

The location of 
.I/I.«M'»M 

CLASSIFIED DISPUY 

Trace is yet another way in u'liich (he area is most con- jucivc to modern families. 

It is even within walking dis- 

 tance of an elementary and u middle school, each with the highly regarded Norlliside 
Independent .School District. 

The South Texas Medical 

Curlier, USAA, UTSA and numerous shopping centers al- so are close lo jWl'.tiiurl Truce. 

The area has only one en- 

 trance, off the 112o(1 block cf 
Vance .Jackson Road. 

Two furnished models are 

 showing this weekend. Open hours are from 1(1 a.m. (u 7 p.m. 

On Windows 
The building industry is 

 complying will) lonylicr in- 
•sulitlion requirements imposer by Ihe Federal Housing Ad- ministration. 

Double-glazed windows arc 

 now required in areas wild 
•1.5o1) or more rlcgrec days per year. 

One practical way lo mccl 

Hie new ix'tiuircincnls is lo ins 
(all pondcrosa pine windows willi insulating glass, available as stock units al building sup- ply dealers. 

Effective in preventing ex- 

 cessive heal loss, these wood window tin ils also keep air conditioning costs low. 

Spring, Fall 

If adding ;i .swimming pool in 

 yinir backyard is pail nf ynnr liiinic improvi'menl pluns, yuii'll enjoy il mure if it IKIS heated water, says the National 
Heller lleuUiig-Ciiultni; Coiin- cil. 

In homes willi hydronic (Imi 

 w.iliir) home heating, Ihe i water tan he piped IhrniiKli the healing sy.slcm un a separate circuit, iiiHl ynti'll he able to n.se il from early spring In lale fall. 

ClASSIFIED DISPLAY 

VThe Perfect Blend 
\OfCity 
\And Country ... 

INestled in the beautiful Hill Country terrain 
Inear UTSA, the new USAA, and N.W. Medi- 
Ical Complox. Featuring G.E. air-condition- ling and appliances, full brick veneer, wall- ito-wall carpeting, and a host of luxury foa- 
Ilures to complement the serene atmosphere.) 
I FROM $31,8oo 

 r\v- 

MODELS OPEN 

 uniuersiti oaks 

ItlKXff 
696-8271 

M 
SUN. 1 PM - 7 PM 

BENERALttUECTIIIC 

I Wont= Ads = 

E22M666; 

Sehcclc has carefully master ilanned 
Ihc community, 

 iidewidks, curved streets and inilrrgroiiml utilities provide a iaf« enviroiuiienl. 

Jalin tManliull Mfiiihii-s is a 

 community uf fine luimes uday. Three homes will onlv 

CIASS1FIED DI5F1AV 

 ititrcasc in value as land in this area appreciates. These arc homes that families will grow with, nut out of. 

Visit 
Juhn 
Marshall 

Mi-uiloirs tills weekend. Now homes will bt open from 1o a.m. until dark. 

CLASSIFIED DISFLAY 

FromJSoredom to excitement 

 the sta rt of a career in real estate 
In (Jiice shoil weeks - beginning April 29 -you may obtain a full oo hours of classroom instruction • Ihe complete educa- tional requirements for a real estate lirokeii license approved by the Texas Real Estate Commission. 

These daytime classes offer a raic opportunity to prepare for a new, exciting, lucrative career, 

Register now by phone. Call registrar today 136-2o75 
Discount for cirly enrollment. 

Rraerican College ol Real Estate 

| 31o E. Aihbr • Son Anlcnio, Tnoi 76215 

APARTMENTS 

A GREAT PL ACE FOR 

FAMILY LIVING 

Bring your clv'^trcil and your !o.-o lor reviving 1oCamcIotArMrlmcnlc; Fun tor alincludTX] yoar round sv/imnt.ng. spacious p!ay areas, and club rooms 
Canic:o!Ap3r|ircnls<iro|ijslwolh:nrj rjislancolroms'jpnro schoo's chkl care cenler. enlGrl.-iinrroni and shop- ping center. Near Forl Sam Hcuslcn 
.indRondo'phAFI) 

Wide sc^cl.-oi>o!ap3ilmenls including 
1.2iJrKl3tx.>drc>omswi:hnianyunklJL' 
(ealuros Sco thorn al 
8ooo Midcrown 
Oil Waliom Road 
Or Call 
655-881o 
OllicoOpon 9-6 Dally 1-6 Sunday 

APARTMENT COMMUNITIES BY HAY ELLISON DEVELOPMENTS. INC. 

Save Your 
Tax Dollars 

Transfer lha value gf your dollars into something of longer-lasting value — like a 

Smith 

Better Built 

Home 

Rental payments just go down Ihe drain, leaving you nothing to show 'for your money. Buying a home is a solid investment, especially in times of inflation; it allows you to build up equity and to gain favorable tax advan- tages. 
Lock-in your housing payment now — it can never go up. 
/fivt.\t in a tmv fionif /;oto . . ft ju\t wakes tense. 

Weed! of Shavgno-IUvi Minion Woods 

 cussiFuo OISKAY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April! 4, 1974| 

. CUSitfllO t H S f U Y ' 
CIAS SI) I ED DtSrtAV 
• 
CUSSIFUD WifUY 
CUSS: 

APARTMENT 

LOCATOR 
Lifestyle '74 

* 
I 
C o 
I 
I 
(, 
H 
1 

 o 

W* 

! j 

%\ s 

Wo iJ^r^r«.,, > 

 o 

Number Indicates Approximate 
Location. Interested 
Persons 

Should Call Apartment For De- tailed Directions. 

Courtyard/ 

4411 GARDENDALE 

Opsn Doily 9-6 p.m. 

Sundays 1-6 p.m. 

PUM*DFORPftr*CY 
696-4892 

CPM Management 

MO 

TERRACES 

TERRACE HILLS 344-9977 

TERRACE WORTH 344-9888 

"lOMOSROWS UVING 1ooAT 

1-2-3 BEDROOMS 

H-1o 

BABCOCK NORTH 

APARTMENTS 

6542 SPRING BRANCH 

1 AND 2 BEDROOM 

$11 5 to$17o 

69o-146o 

D-1o 

HILLSIDE 

APARTMENTS 

58oo MEDINA BASE RD. 

674-7oo4 

o-3 

17 

$!S5-$235 

4o15CALLAGHANRO. 

684-5o72 

EL 

APARTMENTS 
!!)!> V.IIIK- |;irkv>n 

734-5252 

G-7 

' 
PEOPLE LOVE 

LIVING AT... 

____ uson deVille 

1ooo JACKSON KItlERRD. 

344-9158 

______ 
H-9 

PECAN MANOR 

GARDEN 
Apartments 

 ftS.lS I'l'i-iin V;ilk-y Dr. 

.U.1-U21 

I S I IIICDKOO.MS 

2-S:i:OKY TOWNHOUSI-IS 

, 
' lAKGINti fRtlM 

$i4'» UNi'uitNisiir:i) 
$1M I'UHNISIIKI) Ul' 

K-3 

9 

PARK 

VILLAGE 

48o2-3o RAY BON DR. 

653-113o.. 653-73oo 

M-8 

1o. 
Churchill 
Square 

11726 West Ave. 

• From $15o • 

342-8191 
CPM Management 

H-ll 

LA PALOMA 

MINUTES AWAY 
ROM EVERYTHING 

1,2,3&4BR. 

1o2 W. RAMPART 

. 341-4444 

1-9 

CAMELOT 
APARTMENTS 

NOW IEASING 
655-881o 

3ooo MIDCROWN 

AT WAIZEM 

K-8 

13 X IA 

APABTMEHTS 

ACROSS FROM 

NORTH STAR MALL 

341-4621 

1-2-3 BEDROOM 

« WOODBURNING 
FIRE- 

PLACES 

• NOW LEASING 

1-9 

4 

PANA 

4(o3 VANCE JACKSON RD. 

341-4669 
"ASK ASOUr OUR 

MOVING ALLOWANCE" 

G-1o 

VI KW POINT 

TRACE 

1o2o2 DKSKIITH.ANDS 

CPM MANAGEMENT 

16 r^r 

M&^OR 

BALCONY APARTMENTS 
"Whatever love Means 

 to you El Mirador has 

 the Answer" 

NOW LEASING 

3243 NACOGDOCHES 

636-o188 -824-o274 

FAIRWAYS 

3615 PARK DALE 
696-3499 

OPEN D4IIT? A.M. TO 4:oo P.M. 

SUNDAYS 1-6 P.M. 

CPM Management 

F-9 

GLEN 

TERRACE 

Apartments 

71o6 Glen Terrace 
656-2116 

N-9 

HARPER'S 

1-2-3 

BEDROOM 

APARTMENTS 

35o1 FINN OAK 

344-9771 

F-8 

Co 
R 
N 
E 
R 

2o 

ANTONIAN 

APARTMENTS 

3939 FREDERICKSDURG 

732-9611 

G-7 

21 

THE MEADOWS 
ALL NEW APARTMENTS 

Moo1 OAK MEADOWS DR 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

658-5349 • 658-534o 

9 A.M.-6 P.M. 

WltKDATS 1-6 SUN. 

CPM Wonagfmcr.t 

Q-1J 

COLONIES 

Tit ACK 

o915 POWHATAM 

696-1621 

 ci'M MA\'Ac;i-;,\ii;\'T 

G-1o 

23 

911-923 VANCE JACKSON 

736-oo43 

123 ADDITIONAL APT. 

NOW LEASING 

24 
PerrinPioia 
Rpartments 

NOW OPEN 
1 & 2 Bedroom l 

Furnished 

Unfurnished 

DAILY 7-4 SUNDAY 11-6 

635,7122 

. . • • 
-via'.' 
, 

25 
GATEWAY PLAZA 

APARTMENTS 
$155-$235 

• 1-2 Bediooms 
• l-28olhs 
• fu/iiiilied & Unfuniiilje J 
• Bills Paid 

67;(.869I 

• 
CHEVY 
CHASE 

APARTMENTS 

SAN ANTONIO'S , 

SMARTEST ADDRESS 
828-28o1 
1422 N.E. LOOP 41o 

K-9 

27 
NORTHWOOD 
APARTMENTS 

8315N.Van<fiver 

1 -2-3 Bed'ooms 

TownhouLOi, Efficiencies 

Adult or Family Living 

 lealing Itouri: 

Wookdayj 9-5, 

Sunday 1-5 

• 826-553 T • ., 

APARTMENTS 
7811 CHAMBERS 

342-9321 

E-9 

NtfB 

HILL 

'APARTMBJTS 

7626 Ccl'o^.cn Rood btlwce-i 
IH 1o ond Frciftukibu.!, Road 

 b"?lv,f,Tilirs nG" 

I'fiasc II is open. • 
G-9 

3o 

HARMONY 

HILLS 
Townhouses 
& Apartments 

) 1 5 W. Silver Sands 
344-6177 

 i-n 

3| the 
TIMBERS 

• FURNISHED OR 

UNFURNISHED 

• 
FROM $14o . 

• NEAR BROOKS AFB 
• NOW IEASING 
• 
1-2 BEDROOMS 

444 UTOPIA 
333-6o61 

K~-3 " 

32 

CARLTQN 
APARTMENtS 

6623 

CALLAGHAN 

RD. 

696-329o 

BUTTERF1KLD 

Apartments 

135 Elizabeth Re!. 

2 Bedrooms 

13fh Month free 

824-2732 

K-8 

34 

WOODLAWN HRtS 

DUPLEXES 
1o25 Suttort 

• UnlwnisheJ 
• 2 r.nd 3 Bedrooms 
• Control Ait.Heal 
• A'l Elocllic Kifchcn 

Dishwoilicj-Oiipoial 
WaX |a icnocli, sfiopp:ng, fjiyi'.-no 

Open House Sat. and Sun. 

341-6267 f_8 43S.o4Jo6P.M..8P.H. 

35 
CANDLESTICK 
APARTMENTS 

4747 Rigsby 

 tr'.oilcin Hvinrj wifjj o'o 

$165 Furn., $15o 

Unfurn. 

AJ.In Only. teal. Bgr-B-Oae 

648-337o 
M,4 

NEW 
36 

AIM1ITMKNTS 

MAR LACKLAND, KllLY 

BROOKS, 

PLCASANTON RD. 

' & 2 bcdiooms, carpolrd, pool, dl i-luclric Wrvilpoo! kitchens, Fcddm n'r ccndir'or.i.-if]. 

Open Sunday* 
922-188] 

1-2 

*LINDA APTS* 

Save Gas Mllcil 

Ncac Town Convene rue 
235 HOWARD ST. 

Olf I 1oo Blk. H. Main 

 t Wit. Main Dank, Luby's, Ccnlral 
:»prciswoy, Cyp:c« Towc/s. 2 blVi. 

 lal, Mcdien' Piol. Bk'g. 

ADULTS ONLY-1 & 2 

BEDROOMS 
226-8492 

3B 
FAIRWAYS 
Phase VI 

8631 Fairhoven 

696-451o 

Open daily 9 to 6, 

Sunday 1-6 

CPM Management 

E-V 

39 

Woodhffl 

Apartments 

49o9 Woodstone Dr. 

Exil on IH lOal 

Huebnor Rd. 

69o-17oo 

F-11 

<PWINDCREST 

15o Boaullful Luxury Unlll 

• Spacious rooms Ihrouglioul 
• 1-2-3 Dodrooms 
• I or 2 Bolhs 
• Privato Polios 
8835 Willmon Way 

656-oo85 

M-9 

ETHICAL 

LOCATORS 
FREE 

•lu-fift* 
FASTSERViCE 

Met tfl. (wclc'j 
8?(-!JJ3 

Ai»ilirc«t firi«i! 
(M.61JI 

A,-wlnj.il It, m.m 

42 

MANOR 

APARTMENTS 

 luxury on a budge! 

I 8. 2 Bcdiooms, 
Fum. cr Unfurn. 

4756 Old ScguTn Rd. 

661-2388 

M-7 

43 

&QTTGCQ 
Jlpartments 

• 6437 Wurzbach Rd. 

481-3345 
Nctrr Ihe Med.col Ccnlcr 
Open weekdays 9 1o 6 
Lcrge 1 6. 2 btxfrcotm 

A't e'cclric k-khcr.s 

Polios 

For Information 

In Tins Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

45 

For Iiifornialinn 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

46 

Tor In formation 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

For [nforniiilinn 

In This Map 

Please Call 

225-7411 

Ext. 32o 

4B 

For 

In This Map 
Please Call 

225-7411 
Ext. 32o 

ELKIN McGAUCIIY SPEAKS OUT 

. . . foreseen slotfitomi in housing 

Housing Starts 
Could Hit Low 

Elkin McGanghy, president of tiie Greater 

San Antonio Builders Association, reported that Congress has been told housing starts for 
1974 would drop to a four-year low of l.(i million units. 

•I. S. Nuruiiin, first vice 

 president iif Ihc iN'ationui'As- socialiuti of Home Hnildcrs, iirRod passage of lefislalioii wliidi would incrense tlio Icnd- iiiK imwcr.s of federal siivings iillcl limn jssiiciiitioiis ;is a ineans u( chfckin.i; lioiibitij,' 
(lecliiK's. 

"Vic\vjii'H'"(li(i 'current 
Icnv 

U'vel nf hiinsiiiH Marls, llu- liigh innnj'aHi1 iiilcrcsl rale sinin- tioii, and iticjjviicriil depressed cuiuiiliim nf the hniisiiiij in- 
(lusilrv, .vim c-iiri ui]der.sl;ind why mir HssuriaiiuH (NA||[j) views llic present pitliiru willi such due]) concern." tic said while leslifyinj,' :il IICUI-JJIHS on 
Hie ])|-[i]K(Si'ti (jmsiiiuvr Hume 
Mtirtgtifct1 
.-/,V.S/.S/«IMX 
I 
Ad 

 lii'fore a Ilimse Banking Suli- uuniinitlre. 

Endorsed 

Nunnan xlron^ly eiulnr.sed 

I he measure's jinivisicins say- ing "il can have a real and im- niciiiale effect Inward allcviat- iiiK many nf Ilie prnhlenis fae- iiu: housing." 

Among cither lliinjjs, Hie 

IcHislaliun would recognize (lie incrciisud cost nf luiine linildinn by raising Ihe ceilinn nn sav- 

 ings and siiiulc family loans In 
$55,ooo from $-15,oo1). 

Il would also allow (In/ 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
Corj). lo iriL-rcase the maximum amount on a conventional ' 

 rlKuyes, it may purchase 

 and Hie ln;iti-lu-valuu ratio nn 
(he mnrliMKi's I" Wl fnim 7."i per- cent. 

Urges Congress 

In ni^iiiR CoiiHress lo lake 

 prninpt iictinn on the pruiiused lejiislalioli, \uniian also .said' 
Congress must act <|iiicl;[y nn other pending innr[{>ajje credit kMjislalion which would 

 increase the insurance on sav- ini;s anil loan deposits lo 
55(1,o(11) from S2ll,IIOn, anil provide 1(11] per cent insurance for public fund deposits. 

He also called for liijeralmiu,'. 

 of (he Federal llonsinj; Ad- miiiistralion's maximum : 

 morlKage and ihiuii payment ' reqnlremeiKs. anil ihe Federal : 

.N'.itiimal MorlgaKe Associa- :. linn's iiiaxinnim loan limils, lo help "all Americans, par- litnlarly Uujso families of : modest incomes, lo ohtain 
(leci-iil hiinsini,' either lhroin;h home nwnershiti or rental al prices they can afford." 

Nation 'On Move9 
Despite Crises 

Despite the energy crisis, rising inflation, 

 tight money markets and a host of other negative economic indicators, America is still a "nation on the move." 

This is accordinn lo statistics 

 released liy UKI,o/lnler-('ily 
Keloealion Service. 

Ulirisla I.eiter of the Arllnir 

Iv Iliard Co., tepresenlini; 
KKI.O here, said "In January, in terms of lunne sales across the country, I1K1.o members reporleil a 
17.1 per ceiil 

 increase in referrals over last 
.lannaiy, as well as a :i-l.-l per cent increase in referrals fur 
(he first Ihree monllis of Fisi-al 
HIM. u'liich lic/iari i» 

N'ovemher, UJ7;i." 

Sales Increase 

The number of housing units 

 sold by members of UK 1.o increased 21.:| per cenl over (he same period last year, up ll.O per cenl fur Fiscal 1S7-I. Dollar volume rase '2X.K per cent over 
•lamiary, inn, ii|) 1o.7 per cent for Ihe year to dale. 

"Not only is (here a slrnne,, 

 consislenl pallern of relocation on iliu parl of Amcrlcun hnsine.ss iM'rsonnel hnl we arc 

 i-miliiimiiK In see ii dcfiiiiu. palleni nf •iniiiiiiK up' in residential ImusiiiK as these executives mid managers move it limn IJierDiiiiirv.".Mrs /.oiler aildud. 

"Tin.' l:irKL'iiii:reasriinln||ii|. 

^'liiiiH' rc-p,,rinl fn,m 

»1('.lnll 
1 l'rs i" • 
;ii-ls i,r n,,. 

 l>mlnKSia|,.s rill,| ,,vt,.sras i.s 

 expansive wlu-ii i/'nl'mcs'lM pui-eliiiMti^ ;, |i,i|,u, Hllhoiii-]) lliey may I,,, very eanii.ms wlien ll cninu.s In ;, |,,.w t.;lt. lir • 

Arlliiir !•:. Hiarcl is ,,,„. ,,f . 

"}""-u Ihiil liTIl mnnher l>n,k,,-s 
"' IU'-I'<)1 Sl'l-VillL- Sllllll! 7.11(11] 
Key lesideiilial niarki-ls in n,,, 
U..S. and fwei,;n cuiinlriv.s 

TJie /\rl|jui' I-:. Hi,-,,-,: c. 
1,, |ns 

M'rvod Hie San Anlimi,, area f(lr 
•H years. Us mnv main nffi,., is nc-iilwl :il 525o l-'rwIricikslMir,. lid. .Semees arc offered in ;mv pliii.sL- nf the rc;i 

 linsiness. 

.Sot^Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

ClAS5!FltDWSPl»f 
CLASSIFIED DISrifY 

FAIRWAYS 

PHASE VI 

 the newest of the best! 

MEMBERSHIP TO 
TURTLE ^EEK^ 
(fcUNTftttlUB 
AVAItABLE t- 

 r/ 

Put some living into your life nmid the beauty ond luxury abounding at Fairways VI. Whatever lifestyle you prefer, you will find exactly what you dosire in the colors and appoint- ments designed with you In mind. Come out ond see for yourself todaylll 

FAMILY or ADULT AREAS 
• Clubhouse 
• Heated Pool 
• Westinghouse Kitchens 
• Self Cleaning Ovens 
• Frost Free Refrigerators 
• Pets Accepted 
• Open Daily 9-6 
• Open Sunday 1-6 

EXIT IH1o AT WURZBACH. FOLLOW 
SIGNS TO LEASING OFFICE 
FAIRWAYS VI 

863o Fctirhaven 

696-3499 696-451o 

CPM MANAGEMENT • JIM UPTMORE, 

"Express/News Want Ads 225-1666= 

Manor 

GIVES SO MUCH MORE THAN A PLACE TO SLEEP AND EAT!!!!! 

 il 
BEDROOM 
;j 

•^ 
UNFURNISHED *149 f, 

 y 
FURNISHED M 59 f| 

\\ 
(ALL UTILITIES PAID) j| 
(ALL UTILITIES PAID) 
£j 
(ALL UTILITIES PAID) 

BEDROOM 

UNFURNISHED1! 75 

FURNISHED M 9o 

UNFURNISHED '2o5 

FURNISHED '225 

• Full Electric Kitchens 

• Huge Walk-in Closets 

• Four Pools—Four Clubhouses 

• Three Parking Spaces per Apartments 

• Six-month Leases 

• Security'Guards on Premises 
• Spacious Reserved Parking 
• Full Recreational Facilities: 
• Handball Courts • Basketball 
• Ping Pong * Pool Tables 
• Tennis 

 mirlpool 

KITCHEN APPLIANCES 

FEDDERS 
CENTRAL AIR CONDITIONING by; ALAMO HEATING & 

AIR CONDITIONING 

6835 PECAN VALLEY DRIVE 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 333-1321 

'•:-;:*-$$^\^^&:$ 

• CONN, SHERRODi A CO., INC.; 
|jCOMMjERCIA|, A INDUSTRIAl DEVILpPIRS 

Babcock NorthUnits 
Offer Country, City 

Take the assets of country living; blend well 

 with the special luxuries of city living. The result is Babcock North - an apartment 

 lifc 

 grccji Infliienci! of the country 
In its hcauliful ruslie scllinj;. 
T!U! grace of nalui'e leaves you with a lovely piclurc to ponder while you're away from your apartment at Ualimrli Kuril,. 

You'll 1)o eafjcr, though, In 

 spend as much lime as possible at your apartment. It's 

•designed with a special flair you'll appreciate. 

Color is Hie key. ThrouKhoul 

 your Iliilicock North apart- ment, from the walt-to-wall carpclinn up to [hose walls 
IhcmsclveK, color cri'alc.s a hurst nf sunshine indoors. 

Drive out Habcnck Itoad or 

N'.W. lll-IOtoDe/avala Itoad. 
Go west lo 6542 Spring Branch. 
A harmony of lifeslylcs . . . that's what you'll liml at /;«//. ror/c North, 

Your Spec/of 
Townhome Is Ready 
For You To Move In Now! 

ONE. OR TWO STORY 

$37,9oo to $46,9oo 

Open House 1o-Dusk 
14348 BROOKHOUOW 

REALTOR 
341.9191 

-cIHsiHiD DIS>UV 

THUNDERBIRD 

ESTATES 

53o,ooo TO S35.ooQ 

684-1386 

"AN IHVKTKUn 
,'ffj 

 lOMOHOIT 

ByH.P. CRTS 
CONSTRUCTION CO. 

E-8 

RANCHLAND 

HILLS 

$19,5oo TO J23.5oo 

ElECTRIC KITCHENS 

AIR CONDITIONED 

WELLS DEVELOPMENT 

655-3686 

 o-n 

TWIN CREEK 

NOW OPEN 

VOPTHWEST SAN ANTONIO'S 

NEWEST 

COMMUNITY OF 

FINE HOMES 

$28,95o TO $35,95o 

CORPORATION 
For information 
Call 681-1111 

FOR INFORMATION 

IN THIS MAP 

PLEASE CALL 
225-7411 

EXT. 
32o 

 n 

 fiface 

3 A 4 Bcdroomt 
1 Yi & 1 Both* 
$18,5oo and Up 
Judion School Diit 
ROYAL CREST 

INC. 

661-3o77 

O-8 

GARDEN RIDGE 

"THE COUNTRY LIFE" 
With All The Conveniinr.es 

 ol The Cily 

Bcauliful Homes • large Lois, 

Low Comol Co. Tones 

651-6237 

Ladshaw^HlerDevilDp.Txnt Co. 

R-15 

 cfniyinetil 

WINDSOR SQUARE 

PLANNED FOR 

YOUNG COUPIES 
ON THEIR WAY UP 

BUT STIU WITH 

YOUNG BUDGETS 

$23,ooo TO $32,ooo 

656-11oo 

N-13 

1o. 

"Come On Up 
To The Crest" . 

1IO.MHS I'ltOM 

$5o,ooo o-1o 

14. 

WILSHIRE 

PARK 
NEW HOMES 

.UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
$2o,ooo-$26,ooo 

•r 

H.P. CRTS 

.656-2823 

M-9 

II 

Yal 
Verde 

NEW 3 & 4 BEDROOM 

HOMES TO $29,ooo 

ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 
658-7811 

S-13 

HOMES FROM 

'35,ooo 

NORTH ON SAN PEDRO 

5.2 MILES FROM 

LOOP 41o 

K-13 

FORREST GLEN 

$29,ooo TO $38,ooo 

UNIQUE HOMES 
NESTUD AMONG 

MATURE OAK TREES 
NORTHSIDt SCHOOL 
DISTRICT-684-6776 

B-8 

LIVE OAK 
VILLAGE 

M 8,2oo 

' 
TO 

'12,5oo 

ELECTRIC KITCHENS 
AIR CONDITIONED 

WELIS DEVELOPMENT 

349-12o1 

Q-12 

LVOODLAKE 

• GOtF COURSE 

COMMUNITY 

• HOMES FROM 

$23,9oo 

• 5 MODELS OPEN 

1o A.M. 'Til DARK 

P-8 

Torres! 
Glen 

• 3 & 4 Bedroom! 
• 2 Balhi 
• Norlhsido School Dlst 
• Homos To $35,ooo 

ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 

684-7o47 

D-7 

4. 

• Community Clubhouse 
• Swimming Pool 
• Tennis Courts 
• Northeast Schools 

o-13 

NUMBER 
INDICATES 

PROXIMATE 
IOCA1IOH. 

INTERESTED 
PERSONS 

SHOULD CAU SUBDIVISION 
FOR DtrAllEO DIRECTIONS.-. 

EL DORADO 

DISTINCTIVE HOMES 

$32,ooo TO $48,ooo 

INClUDtS SWIM ClUB. 
TENNIS COURIS, ClUB 

HOUSE AND LAKE 

PRIVILEGES 

656-11oo 

N-12 

SUN FOREST 
THE NEW HOUSING 

REVOLUTION 

• The Biggeit Value in 

Hauling Today 

• Sfeel & Concrete 

Corutruction 

• 4 Bedroomi, 1 Balhi o Central Heal & Air 
»From $17,ooo 

924-6575 

H-] 

BRISTOL 

PLACE 

S 17,ooo TO $28,ooo 

661-3o77 

 j/jj? 
"BUILT BETTER 

SSSS 
By DESIGN" 

SAIESOIIICfAT 

5922 THORNV/OOD 

HOMES By HP. CRTS' 

O-8 

DEER 
RUN 

• 3 & 4 Btdroomt ' 
• I V) Balhi 
• Electric Kikhent 
• $18,5oo ond Up 
ROYAL CREST 

HOMES 
. 

684-4471 

D-9 

I 

CLASSIFIED 
Belter Living 
Section 

• Res! Estate 

• Mobile Homes • Rentals 

INDEX 

1o1— t**UM«^H**»i 
1o1 — H*vit» Ovn *»» l«ij 
] M «rrop>*rty Ow4 «4 Tlvn 
1*i ff-rttmlrKinl • Uwft 

1o1— J^tfwH, Xf'tiM l|6_M«vm— H*rtk««lt 
1 1 l_M*rt» — «•**••)> 
3 1 4 — H*vm— f»**i*ir 

1IJ—t.klftl.r. ltl*f llthDnt. 

Ill — f«^(.i«r. l.«»Wwr»*l 

I MOBILE HOMIS ||MV| 

*!*— IvVwfc oo F 

.l.l»..f.H7W..-l.* 
4U — t.^xl'^lrii l..rj 

SAN ANTONIO 

REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

1ORTHWEST 

HOMES 

NORTHEAST 

HOMES 

SOUTHWEST 

HOMES 
SOUTHEAST 

HOMES 

REAL ESTATE 

Real Ellalc Notitei 

PLANNfNG TO SELL? 

 us opprobe your properly on 

 p-lce. Ko charge. 

S RLTY 
Professional 

HOME EVALUATION 
$ CASH RDR HOMES $ 
4HJU7 TOM 
GARRISON 
II you are thinking of idling your home 
PROFESSIONAI evahjalion of lit 
Kit, pcitt. 
No obligation. 
Specializing in thi 
Noftheatt and 
Northweit orval. 

5917 

SAN PEDRO 
341-6136 

 uccc Open for 
Impeetton 

COUNTRYSIDE 

SAN PEDRO 

CHURCHILL HI 

Homes To $7o,ooo 

„ 
DRIV.t OUT TOD4T 

N« appointment netesiaiy 
WHI5PERIN 
COUNIRTS'DE 

6AN FtORO 

Money $over Homes 

 in Rgnciland H.lli 

Val.«(37,3»to$33,»S«. 

3»UticJTll-MMI»a 

 pwe. Shop b^ cud ice. 

I O'Cointi 

NO OPEN 

HOUSES TODAY 

 pert CCark Sprlngi /Aembcnnlp 

Sove $)Jog en loeoys coil. 
431 am 

REAU ESTATE BALE'S 

V/e have lull and parf tlnr^; openings ovaltoble. Vs-c'll help you gel your li- ctnvc. Spec ia 1 1 1 1 1 ng In Lacjc<and.-K.clly 

BRIGHAM REAL ESTATE JM-Ufll 

WfLL 

This bcou 1 1 I u I KICH view home. 
S P A C I O U S 3 bedroom (matt 
17.8'xlS1), 2 balh, 2 cor 1-nlshed 5 roae. Ir-lcreom. terrace, fireplace many ol'K.f (calurcj. MW <o i. Con- sider lease or iratfc. For tfelalli & 

 o or 7 
_____ 

"* LOOK OU'f YOUR WINOOV/ * 
See rhe qprceQiA vrcv; bcr.ralri yowl 
5.6 acrei of nolurej irc-ih lcn-1. Only mlnulei 
ITOJH loop 41o. Call (w 

 sno^ln?. Ace Cpitcn 4^-MM. 

$ CASH SALE $ 

Qvlctc coin, (or your haute. Call 
Mr*. Nelioa tit-Wl. 

Hilton Real E*J_ott_C«mpany 

REAL ESTATE SALES~ 

V^c hove itvfrcl openings tor «nenu in «ur rctCtfeKlial dcpoflmenT. Will 
Iroin unKfeniefl pcaple. Call J41.21I lor confidential jnlervicw. 

RAY TEAL 

 tt*lTOIS-MlS34I.O|ii 

OPIN21o6 

11oo2 WHISPER RIDGE 

WHISPERING OAKS 

4 bedroom, 2 bolh v.ilh u 
((wiV room ofld o gnme rocm. 
Wctbor, fireplace, and on a rxivocy Icive corner. $59,9oo. 
REALTORS—MLS 344-3o7B 

Need A Homo? 

Do you r-avc 17o end lo-ily </x»I credit? 
Call us. 
3 4 tvjd'OOim. ? balhs, iome ccnlrcl air ar.tf cf^i- a"-cci. Anycr.e con b-jy. 
531-5UI 
?O^B_De fA^LO 
M-39fl 

$$$$ TOP'CASH $$$$ 

FOR HOMES OR EQUITIES 

4J3-3»S 
ALLSTATE 
*W-I«J 

 flORTH^ 
REAL_E^TATC 
SOUTH 

P/ivDle Investor )n1erzir«J 
CA pur- choilng oldes* 
Cow fco/iomlc. rent 

 houses and duplexes. Cell £)34J4t 
Ms-vjoy Ihru Sqiuroq/ unlll & prn. 

$ WILL BUY $ 

>cur equity hi 3o mln'jfe* II jvkcd 

 h * HUGHES 8 WAKEFIELri 
«V JJ3J 
REALTORS 
532-275? 

SOUTH 
MLS 
EAbF 

OPEN 'SUNDAY " jilij 

INSPIRATION HILLS 

315 Inspiration 

Thrlr Ion - your floln. o*ncr t/o-s- ftrrtd 1o Eni'nnd. Stjreli to leave rovcly 4 bcijfwm, t'/i boiri. doubk 
&crauc, Irecd Tot, prlvr.lc fence, p/l- 
^alc l«tn cuo-jers wiih bo^, pool end lennls ( Wocv o*a/. Bui line I 

Kk. Conftt see and vsu will iloy live! B24oI?) AftYTlME. 

We'll Bu/Your Home 

We Need A Home 

In CoiHe Mills. Alamo His. or Ol 
Park whhi 5*--nvnloo pool, orrf least 7,7oo in. ft. of Kvk-.n orca. Up 

. Con 
. 

Hohenberger-Collins 

SINCE ;KI 

Propcrfy Management 

Wanted, m Win No! end tommtrciD prcptrllfi. Wfr huv-j tlicnli won>n 
AH prop«rllit Oft glytn proltlliwio rrKnvagtimnl by tvr «>oeniJ<d tin ificlollzing In rJorthiift ar<d flart wtit crcal line* I*J7. Call JOHN 
JARTELLA ledayl 411413}. 

_ 
R I A 1 T O R S 

_J!-°iow *^LNB 

CASH FORTo'uSTiOirSE 

JACK MITCHDH. REAL ESTATE 

68oo BLOCK 

FOREST MEADOW 

OPIiN 2 'TIL 5 

Com* see 1h«e pretty new ticrr.ci, oil Everj Rd., near 
M e d i c a l 
Center. 
Fa-nlly 

 roomi, cledrlc kikheni. car- r-e ! I r. c, etc. 9o?S% locn:. 

•aw*. 

Page SG-G-ExpreM-News, Sunday, April 14, 1974 - Golden Twin 

-J uu 

Simdoyr; 

Housei Open (or 

Inspection 

Houi*s Open for 

Inspection 
Houset—Norttieail 
Nauiei—NorlhcuK 

Menm-NMrtw.it 

* STOP * LOOK * COMPARE * 
* ALL BRICK HOME * 

 sl 3,95o 

•3-8<xdrpdm—1 

BUIIT ON 
YOUR LOT; 

 alhj 

Model'Horao—1o"! 1 Gardina'' 
.(OK 2ooo Block Wesl Ave.) 

Paneled kitchen and 

 family room combination 
.. 
. KIIN-ORIEO. lumber 

349-1491 
341-oo16 

5917 Son Pedro " 
': 

Specia Builders, Inc. 

SPECTACULAR EXECUTIVE HOME 

Open 2'til Dark 
1433S Turtle Rock 

(Across San Pedro from HIM Country Village) 

Designer Home on a Special Hill Site 

GORGEOUS vaulted ceiling entertainment ofcovtitli curved lock boi, 

 glass walls, and outside bakony ovEiEaoking miles of hill counlry. 
* ROCK WAU liieplcte in loininl living loom * BEAUTIFUL buHt in 
China Cobinel in specious tepaiale dining room if 3 BEDROOMS, 2'/'i dxorQtor halKs + BEAU1IFUEIY decorated using impoiled liles, tex- tured wniii, gra» cbth wallpaper, elegant li^hl lixlun: end carpeting 
574,9o1). 

RALPH ARMSTRONG CO. 

Realtor 
694-5227 

BEAU^FUL NEW 
TOWNHOUSES 

HOMES 

From *1.9,ooo 

VA or 9i% CONVtN- 
7IONAL FINANCING 

GARREtTBKbS. 

BUILDERS 67<-3«B» 

GERONIMO 

FOREST 

 nig 3 g^f 4 
| Kre ti«U 11 

«luii»t totilry 

*K-HI fo'uie 

. 
, 

(*l o«d ci-jr.rry wl!i.-^. Cp*i I i?«itujn e«ry icy II >1 dc-fc. 

611o736 
-173-14o1 

EROXIRSWUCOME 

IRIOHAMItALESIAft 

FIRST TIME OPEN 2:34 — i:» 
• 8911 Wexford • 
• Townhouse • 

 ory Monf. Exquisite, specious 2 tory. 3 bcdrccms. (Mailer down. l o s s c d 1o patio). F-amllc rcom. ornp:c!e ft.''ccr>. 9 ft. ceilings, etoi- 
1t golorcL dropcif carper*. Private ub. Ol/mplc pool. M7.5M. SZ6-2347. 

EL DORADO-BY O WKEfc 

OPEN 2-5 

4-2-7, like new, 4IM Sierra Mo<kc drap«, carpellng, rclrlneralcr freer 

 e'cclrlc kitthcn, pclto cover, tnd 
.Ice ycrU. Wood burning lire- 

 place. Aiiume *n% VA lean, pay- nwifs ttSl, Priced hi rr.ld 33's. 69J- 
Hfti offer ipm. 

1 to 3 otre liacts 

Windwood Estates 

DON SMITH CO. 698-244o 

Builder Offers 

[II ->an I'cdro Hllh, ihcdy Ookj 
[3t i& ? STORY 
(31 ?.OO TO 3,ooo <,Q. FT. tJ) LAR<JL 
: O/.K-TWCLU LOTS 

[51 CIT/ UTILITIES 

N.C. SCHOOLS r\vulK;ble For Your Ir^xxl'on 

DAILY 1-4 P.M. 

Norih en Ssn Pcdio, ilt)lil en BrotA- t'OAtoH. IcM en Tnc'na Grande. 
I-'rtANK NKKLV & ASSOCS. 

COLONIES NORTH 

HOME SHOW 

COME DY <nvi rrvot^e yo-jr re, 

 e, select n-.e colors yoj txclpi 
NEW 3 crnl I ttodrooni ttontf- 
DtiL 
HOV.u 
C1 UK 
HOF*E 

CREST (Oil Po w h o Hen]. OPEI 
SATURDAY 
G«d 
SUTJDAY, 
?1 

J,pRES ^avc Lcc/i ,::ci:rvcd. F.-OI 
131,ooo. 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS 
— 

BOERNE 

 oil rc« htjmci bclr.rj co.-nplclcd for 
•c r.rit Mmc Jn Chorxirrcl 
Cffcfc 

 ad.11 on. PrkC'J tll.W1] 1o SlB.JtO. rive uji tcrto/. Turn nfjJH r,i oil/ ollic Ii:rj*i1 In Bccrrc to CMspcrrol fcoh. Open Dai I/, 1 3« 7*;8. 

GEORGE fc QUICK LJUILDCH5 

"SPl IT-LEVEL 

C229 SETTING SUN 

US*A. JTSA, 
MCOCEHTER ARCA| 

DM-jl-ful CQnlcn-.fWxarw d C s 1 o n. j! 

 irocm. ?iv bolh, Joua'e vaict'iK. fl. (Jc-'i vnlrt I I r c p I a C C, Q-.'y 
,7M. OPEN SATURDAY & SUM- 

3AV, 1-4 p.m. tvive 2 nV.'cs nvih of Loon X1o on 
Evcrs Rd. Is Forre^l //.ea-Jo-wj, lurn 

R E A L T O R S 

ROSOW & KLINE 

Hill 'Country Townhouse* 
H«w 2 end 3 beo>oom-i?tXX» to 
113.ooo, Henr Lackland KcltyMetflcol 
Complex-USAA to Co:-'o*cri fcd. !* inl'e wcif cH n a n U c r o Rd. NO 

*r 
H, r.P'oM!i c yf ^ 
EC- 
OI*" "'• * 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

OAKS 

S7C4 KllfO CDVMRD 

An tleoont oil bffck nta horn* en liJtol corrvcr. fUaulllul re* <arrKl dcilrjn, lor*>o fwmal cj.nlrvi rocm, 
"jnJirn family room with " 
Ail eircrnc diictun. 4 lx,., bam, rf&ub'e poneltd oarogc, MUM. 
Alvj 4 Q\tiC- " " 
-"--- 
— — nar 

- _ . _ : - _ • 
. 

Condominiums 74 1974 

IJI.IM • 

MA 
K 

PllOlie YOUR WANT AD-M-llU 

I 

Co, 

OPEN HOUSE 

Immaculate Show Place 

3131 TRIOLA 

Cul-de-iat lo C»larlei Nonh. 

3 bidieinii, J bilk l, »ilh ? i:,!., 
• •toi 9'rtgrojmorilb'«^l3ilcr(a. 
U r » kilchti ii:lh bci cptn'Rg iolo 

 li^i li:epk[e. Cmlcm 
Fiitled dcit drcpev cstptl i<ilrrn. Kai tkl. Ht-lttS. 

 iaugiaD. er-ion 

 l a S37.5M. (rc'c 

CaH Today While It's Still Available 

Our Pride is In Our People & Our Properties 

Northeast 
\ 
——+ 
„ - . 
— litre i your tnaati Id Own, Tht 
Glen, 3-VsJroim, 7 balk, doabU garage, huge Ktlng roam, pontftii 

 rf,n, i; «..i.«. "«ia »«i ~iu::^: hn,i ni.M"v:jiVi:7"tr.".': 
""V^ViL1??1' MM5*1-.!*?*oo 

(oil ic 
- 

— for rmmdiole iofe. loll lentil 
Hills 3<bedrooin, 2-boili( livinj, 

.Iral alf, p 

—A loth foKtl tailing in 
Wi.dttnl, J btdroc.Tii, J.bDlb, devbli garoge, living, dlnlns, 

. $J9r3W. Won't 

BLOSSOMING SPRING 

In garden moll at your door. 
Luxurious s h a g , lirepiace, par:c, psol. From U1.93o. 

3-19-1771 
MAP 
.REAL 

826-7322 
IMm> ESTATE 

 r i m t r o n 3 * . 

Open Saf.-lvn. 

Sho*.rnnj Now oixl Pioewne 

 h HOUYWOOD PAIK and 
THOUSAND OAKS ARIAS 

544.ooO vp. 
114 Donrlla 
o94-S227 

'Open 3 l» 5 

"14o College" 
•jlly drcG'a^cd A berfrcvo-m. ? 

— 
2 1 ilory. Iop-n2l<.h tocallofi. 

Good !*-sine fsr criteria Irving. Yo.r 
<p«tici fnvlicd, 822-3331 
HARTMA'N, Realtors 

Pr&perty 

Out of Town 

LoCMtc. Llk« new 3 bcdroon, ca. pried t h r o u g h o u t , central hcol, 
(c.iccd. 117,5oo Easy terms. 
_ 1ftSKINS_geAJ_T_Y,_t2M5ij 
Owner. W4"v;«fg«W3od Way, DewiHF, 

 cias. LarM lol. 3 Gccfrodrs, 
J 

Delhi, cledr.c k.lche^, double na- 

 e, pat'o cover, ba.'-b-quc pit, c lo ell «.h3cli, slcrci. l-6«-?W4 
1-6AJ--I6?! tor o,->pl. lm:red.al« 

 possession Qirer Iransaction or ^=ld 

M tchiol 
-j). 

 i b e d r o o m s , 1 batl^hOTrc^ 

GOLD 
DYESS HEALTY 

57o2 G'ABOR 

_PEII 1:13-1:33 Saturtlay-SimtfQtf 

Airracllv* 3-5-2 en Fenced c<xner loi 
Cenlrol nlr-hcal. Hear ithiooli, inJn 
Club and sr-oppir.a. S7I-SOC. 
^GARRY PAOAN REALTY 3<4-g» 
New Homes & Townhouscs 

". LcdrooTii. Jfn«t nev/ ru*w, 
*t and l>*nh»ui« \n Ser.fta Li- 

1ar« 7o d.lle/eM llocn- pta"* ilorlli 

T. HtlHerlnglQii & Dauahtiri Inc. 

•frecllofii: O-jl DrjrxJera Rd. I ml. oxlli af 41o la Screen Etlalet >lr 

MEW HOMES 

 lot. 
Citair.ihtd 

PORT ARANSAS 

FOR SALE 
Mustang Isle 
Condominiums 

For permanent, ^cmi- 

 pcrn-.ancnl cr lu-^mor liv- 

 fuil kilchcn^, completely fuiniir-.cd. Air conjilioncd 

If you i|ion:J tfie ^um.Ter 

 tccutc yO^ricK cj rite place 

COM. 

Come b/ 1o ieo u> ioiicr 

 o- call few OT cppo nln-.cnl. 

BRYAN'S MOORE 

. REALTY 

, 
, 
. . . 

Choose you i home now. 
— Tak* a peib in El Don do, 4- bidioora, j-balh, double oaiage, 
Fiifpfate, buill-ini. Conforl in 
Ijtwy far jour family, $44,3oo. 
Come ire. 
—Tht qvlii lift in Waodlakc, 3- bedroom, 2-talh, livijq-diiiiig, 

, den, 127,ooo. It* i! l:daf. 

— IKis rute home !• OJraoi Po»V lerratc, 3-bsdrfont, 2-aolh, <tr.- he! h*Dl/oir. f?o,5oo. Call ID/- your cpflomrmtfll. 
— ipotioui 4-bnitoom i^ Volfn- 

. J-botK, double 9o1o91 

 linlalt — Mew tlotiii. Buy- back plan, Eqvitiai. heo; 
or*eki.f«rf Jam, 
Kelly, 

(•(blond, RarKjoff h. If «u1(M« of ian Antonio, CciFI Calleo 
51?—828 o?5S. hlcnlqlf Real hrore — 13o NJ. toep4tO, !on 

, 
. 
, - 

 equity '(734 mo.) Srap hoklng, 
Ihiimt. 
—Upgrade your lifeilylc in Park 
Uarih. 4'htdroo«nir 7 both. Forge 

 n, dbl. sotaq*, ttnlralheol/of 

 li int« our 3-ytnr 

 nry t« buy your Kombuk.. 

—t arellr/il oppwtuJfily in Xirby. J bediaomi, 7 bath, d«n, (inlril air, bbilr-im: All rliit lor ilOC-o 
*<iwlr-$l«l mo. (!o,QM)] See today. 

, . 
, 

$?I,Q9o (iS, 5oo equily, ) 
1*9.) F.eaie till for edroi. 

— All io( live 
3-bedroom 

Sun i hint Pork; 7-bolb, torp 

. paneling. Ce^Frcl oir. $76,ooo 

 pike. Iniput rFmcftarurct. 

— lutl ligM leryouin CaiileHHIi. 
S-beJfoom, 3-bolh, dogblt garage. Cuifom quulily fhruaut 
Ihii «legonr teiidene. $91,ooo. 
Don'l vio^I'lj r-e*1 yeoi, doil now. 

 liieploit, hullr-ia\_ o.id totp/1. 

More -'{Splb'I.doHy fay, 
^ 
INTERSTATE REAL ESTATE 

Fully torpelcd 3 beoVoamt with row cqglt)r and low monthly paymcnu. Yoy will b& plooied wilh the pircaondEmpfeiied with 

Ceiual IM«9 wJ~. 

Piiccd under i2o,OOO. Motte ycwr home in Pork ViUoge. WalV lo elemenloiy nhool. Maka on oppolntrnonl lodoy lo ten for yovtiolr. 3 bcdroomj, I Vt bolh), cervlrol off plus rrujrc. 

A Cfli loMf 

In NoMheoil fork. Wafting Jis- 
[arxe to ithooJi and lefvtcei, 3 betjroomi, 2 bnttu, new roof, new jhcx] cornet. Priced linhl at 
422,275. 

A Tovrnhnt« 

 j 2 btdfoom 1V» ba>h b/kk 

 lv,iih rcdar ili'mn'oi towntiCHJie it 
IprFccd lo tell at $28,5oo. You 
I will «n[oy the ccnual living in 
1 frxhcintca Vilfcxje v«liK ilie iwfm 
I r>ool and ctub hrouio. Many e«- 
I Iroi. 

 lirl^g In Horthwftod Terfacs 

 leovtifully becofolecf, corner lot, l bedrooms, 2 balKs, 2 car laioge, NE ichooli. A musl- 

Oia(iiuilirif>3 

I In El Do:ndo in a moil diitinctivo 
• home. You vvii be enroptuicd by 
Klha atrenl-on 1o dcloil and the 
I long Hkt of extras contained in llhh 5 bedroom, 3 balh home. A 
• large fam.ly'sdrcom- 

Call 655-6848 

FOR THE 

FT. SAM'ERS 

Ihii 4 bodioom, 2 bolh home |u*t off iho fflnge of 
Fl, Sam, ihopftlng centers, and ichoolt. Ideal For active duly or iclired initicfy per- tonnel. Low 2o'i, VA and 
No Down Payment. 

Circular d/Ive frt Ficml and tn 
Terrell H-lli. 3 bedroomt, 2 balh i, bvilMm tlove, dish- waiKci, garbage diipoial, new ccb'ntff* and ponclVng.' 
Piotly yad. WiUieU VAcnd no down payment. 

45 J. 3oo$ er 

DEANIE 
OWENS 

REALTORS - 
828-O755 

Condom Iniumx 

Townhousos 

Turt/e Creek Wffac| 

 eculiful Zochory builf 3-2-2 fo-.v 

 om model. CorxJo. VVolk lo 

 lub and pool. 

24 HRS. SFRVICE 

DUPLEX COMPLEX 

Three, 2 b«froom d-iilcuci, 4 
- 

\-ld. Air, oppJfarKes. iTOOO ptr _„ mtm Incon '.e. 1oo*4 occwxw cy. Sol c, 
Trotie, Will linancc. JJ4o115. 

! 
oo. 

828 61o2 

Cosh lor your home, IQI er 

Small Farm, v/e BUY and SELL. 
FRANK GONZALEZ, REALTOR 

4W*_NOqnlHB»,_7?3-S911 

CROWN R7DGE~t"OWNH~6us"E~~ 

BY OV.'NER. Slnq<e level, club prl- 

-cges, Invncd'afe occupcncy. W5- 

Live With 

 income 

IN 

WINDCREST 

IUlU;rCUFllX.Se«3.C«hi .ll.'is'il 
!Jvi~3 crca Etcjlrfii'lf oF^3:nltd in des'gn aid dccoi. 4 cai (Maihed roiane, Ccod iToiagt. Spgiicui 
IH.IIIS 111. Htcr cni(lhjg. 1o«. 

' 
SK,i«. 61S 3S81 »Ht- 

 ra REESE HENRY 

DUPLEX 

Ct* Com«lpt Soki hfo Clr.:- 

655-4723 ' 

. u oyiurje, cncc 

 yard, ur.dcrcrourd sprinkler syslcm, a l w a y s rcnlcd. incems 
S2« 

I?;ioo°" *?fi^S?o "'• jj 8 L PROt'CRTj[:s 

4 Units-&^acon Iliil 

 bcdrocmi, Hf'.ny j-com, dintnri rocn'v 

 belli C3tri ciiorkrcnt. All lix- 

 blincd. Clo^c !o dcs o-vJ clcrtiimrcrv chool. 
Income oiiprgKlnxilc^Y VIM 

 sew 

R E A L T O R S 

ROSOW & KUNE 

BRICK DUP'LEX 

KCAR NORTH STAR MALL 

AlmaMt rc,v, v/clk !o HE scJ-o 

G^vJ M v/.th t>ullf In urchi 
]ffC f.iul carport. ^1|./2oI nllci 
J-M-Wid. REALTORS •""""' """ 

"sk For CHRISTINfl EMERSO 

17 Units Furn.—All llcntcd 
Hi1 X17S 
1 lof. 
Alr-tond;ilcn!j. 
In- 

 t»,nic M.o43 mo.—i»,OGO d-i. 

1C Masonry Units 

3 v'5, old. Some fuin. WVj ctcupo^- cy. I cird 2 bMroo^i urlli. 115.ooo tin. 

Al Jacobson Itcal'y 

JMl N. MAITf 
_ 'I'"*?*]ilT^L1?41* 

* APART/.! EN f iNVESTMENr"" " 

Exc.cMcr.1 4 unir Jclf c'cu. Aiiu-no f.i loan. w:oo gro«. lllr>h reiui 
«o. Mr. f'ock 5t;-?/S4 

6 UNITS 
FTJ-ne fo ariM 

ARE YOU LOOKING TOR A 
TAX 

BREAK? 
See 1h's iovely furbished, 

 till buck O3t. house. Convcnknl 
^urehcs ar.d b-jici. Well molnlolntd 

SIAOiOo 
REALTOR 
S2S -iM4 

LARGE OLDnR frUNTt 
C'oic to SAC. Goo'l o e c 
P' kt'J lo sc.i. i?/,'xx> rjl.rvincc. Cull Jll-l<46 M 

 f c u t u r 

1S?AW. 
VIRGINIA CERVE;N1CA 

4»'>l]l 
AIIYTIME _ 
«$-S« 

YOU'LL LOVE flilSl 

5 co. inc., KBALTORS 
AH ItlVCSTORS DJICAM 

 near 
LatHuntJ-Xclly. 
AH 

 cnl V17o. lw« e 

HSTATE 
(7<-J4 

41o & SAN PEDRO" 

:<K cpt. li'tfrji., t un.h 
Cin/cnk.M. 
Easy lo 
. 

RKAL 

Duplexes 

Homes—Northeast 

CAMELOT. tavcly 3 nedroom, 
2 balh. family roo^. Reduced. 
Owner an*it>ui- 
LACKLAND TERRACE. All bnck. Ce/ilral air-heal. 3 beaVoonni, 2 balhi.. Coveicd polio. 
2 LOVtLY HOMES in ox- ceHcnt orco. Ffrcplace. Cer.Jrol a>-hcot. 
LOW 
EQUITY 
LOW 

PAYMENTS. Fenced ycvd. 
Kitchen loaded *vilh apph"ar,cos 
NEW LISTING. NW laigo 3 bedroom, 2 b<i!3i. Fiicp'ace ;n family loom. Prited lo se'l 
SOUTHEAST, rmmutularc 3 bedroom. Eosy tei.iii. 
NEW BRAUNF£LS, TX. Low 
/TV7tn)eriLTfice kor*c wilJi icenic vIcw.-Many extras. 

NORTH LOOP INC., 

REALTORS 

828-5636 
626-63o1 

WINDCREST-GARDEN 

HOMES 

Lovc-ly 3-2-2 garden horne, bcoutHu'ly appointed, t/raperici icmcn. Exlro *aroc latiily room. 
Avai'aUc June. High 4o'i 82o9 
WINDWAY DR. Also 354 FEN- 
WICH DR. 3-2-2, la-xJicapect yaid, aulamollr sprrnkfrr^ kiigc lo.*nfl/, icparolc dining room, othe' nfco appointments. Clwjfco 

WINDCREST REALTY 

65.1-11II 

VH SCHOOLS - SWIMMING POOL i bcdvoomSr 4 batM, living room 
Jlrrpure)) dlnl-vj room, larcc- lanil- y room Mfrcpkicc-, wet bar) bcauH- ul kitchen witli cvcrflhTng. ei-J-3!iJ- 

IF 

LarfjeLotAnd... 

Lots Of Trees 

Beoivllrul cusloni b^ill ho-e 
Vt otic loti. 3 or .i bcdrocin. 2 bolh, lurgrj lam-Iy rocm v.j|h fifcplacr-, olc 

Call for Dctarfi Today 

653-6333 
, Hanson Real istate 

NEAR MAILS 

Home and income 

Qco-jlifu) duplcxj 
1 bedroom. 
1V> 

 balh cacJi Ccn-.plerc , ckclrk klfcro 

 us, rarSoi ard ulilily rooms. P/es- nlly renrcd 
E24-Q131 ANY1 IfAE . ' 

New 111 IVorUicrn Hills bfrfrojm, I'.'i bain. French 

2 ilery, (oinnfl living and rt 

- 
Tnr.elcd (omlly rc 

 tC7 
T 
,. 
. 

E applioncci. 

Cp«n doilf. $3^Sv 
C31-G85J 

. 

 mple 
Hill, 

349-1117 

THE 13UKNS COMPANY 

 der nome for laic: 8y OAT r (larin s-Cr cr>d Central P 

//all. newly tedKcralcd Inside 
3jt, Muslin a sundslo/ie. Large |lv- in> dlnkir; rocm, 2 betfrco-ni, 1 twf!*, den, polio, fcr.ccd Yard. 112- 

REMARKADLH targe IM.-vj o'., 
:ar<>; bcdrocms, oil 

!cd balhi, iioubfc 

 lodayl SH.IOO. 

Norm lUimeliard 

 pllt kvct Iriotc. 

.co kKchen, 3 crpcttd. 2 dtt- 

3-J1-7H5 

CASTLE HILLS 

OFFERED FOH THE 
P1RST TI/AE- 

BEAUTIFULLY 
DECORATED. 
J 

Kdroom "cfrcDmi hom*11, r I replaced 
Ing room, itMralc dining. STUDY 
. in k)ls of buiM-'ns. J dull), 1 thglf) ballu, c a r p e t e d , tirtlom 

 pes 1hrouQho_1I Gorgcoui Innd- i^'-n- ca/crcil pallo. A nrcnmH- 

 cent rcildcocc t>1l«rcd at S?J,5oo. 

RTALTORS 
— 
' * 

Rl'VE* BY — C*'.L TO SEE 
5886'Midcrown • 

"Homeability Solved" 

Lorrjo 2 ilwv bflcv. In Tc--fel| Mills. 
" mp'o: elOMl , s-.nco. Lcrrja fa.ml/ am. ten fro' OT cnrl h:n!. On 
&$]&:™™™f ol£-x 

HARTMAM, 'ReaJtor 

Ranchland Hills 

Dy Owner, J.J-7, lo,; e^ll/, J?54 manlh-JI^W. ASl^J^A. 
^r Don't Miss Thoso 
An o,-e can bu/ V,A, o,yntd fcei. .- 
JljcCrosmi, 1 o.rl 7 holht. »o niovo 
I iv financing A variable. 

3 bfJcown, 2 Ixir,i crmlctrf,orn>-^ hcan'C'l celllnQi lr> living room m-.^ 
(a TV l/ room, Larqt Irrepjkir Isl 
CI&lo la fl. Sam. 8?4'22JJ, (JJ.-J1o). 

FAIRORECH 

ER WfLL 

D e I I a h t I y I 2 ti^ 
Winy CKWtrf li-.fr (c 

. 
, 
_ 
. 

Shcnnnclojih 
M r I unit 

) 

, rAi.il ici 
Mle- "'- 
REALTOR" 

 end lw» ilorv (a^s m t)9,to4. Financing 
M o o i« ler hnuiid l i . t-jothion. Call 1H-4W or 

 u 
. j 
,- 

 oorf. Tarn oil 
Va-vc« Jocliton, ||»Oir. L. ORAGO, BUILDER, INC. 

 ifcch loulh «( V/urfbacr.. llorlhildx? COtlDOMl)l|UM~ ' 3-3 1." nro«i~an<1 

' 
C°'PC"'1 Ih'°":"1-'- r'""1 M"' 

CKAR'TE'R OAKS 

HOME SHOW 

IUTIPUL wnnci; iiQf/.c^ oi 

_.,^ MOiS 
BAN'< 
(r,|f fo'Qnyj 

QPEH lof y&ur Vlrwirwi SATURDAY end SUHDAY. CCWAC nv ond iee o-jr II NEW 3 and 4 bccVoom hortwj. From 1l?riOO. 

Co, 

— MLS — <»nn 

 rooni%. Pnwje>f I 

•rni. llt^r «H oil 'Cra'n.' u'ilX. 
'•/>. K yo.j Lfc [t, vw>'ll h^w It. 
Coll \sr ojipowlmNiN^JH-iSR 

Nov/ 1 Story Townhouse 
<-- 
Pcrtrn unit Tcwn*-omci. (.oil tfiVKI by r*'ol rirci. Ifoj lch«i' 

 i'o^1 IHIrd ytfAtn wiih pon 
HI* to l»ltk rxii:o. 7 t.cdiogmi 
1!M wllh nywbl^ <W1 tKntij (Ire 

 n'a'O 'wall wl'h .ftt Iwr, tKoulilu 
. n/.»» . Or<n l«il 

- 
.'. NOflJi en Ian rtdro ti ian F'ffro null. 

'~TOUH~WAlTf~AO-5 

Good-lncomo Property rOUR >ihrncl.vc 1 l^irMiri. ll/rn- 

I'linM Aptw'lircnl p'rlceU liTitll. 

Near Ft. Scrrii Housfon 
____ ^ra'C.ngjlMibla^ ;3i_/;/.s 
_ 

1? UflITi NEAR ft, 
1AM 

5».o nij. Irwonrie, icirn 1o fi-.ri^rl 

2!/«?r WATSON Jl SONj<)J«o7 
INVESTMENT 
A-.tunr.o S hoi/i* 
C 
! Toon en 4 llrnl ton-JllJii 
. Cental heol nlr. 
".'. A f-oM r«1urn ftl. OH nroodwn/, 

REALTORS 

 unit <jp«. 

Auuin 

Cnfp<1cJ 

 tly S |i u n 1 1 h if/led 3 bertro e. L o r n e dtn vdlti tirppf 
/n> oifr Ji1erci/»j, ulihty ro 
'J'O cir F t n l t h e d t^oge v k rjrca. Un-ier llt.OOO. 

Koliy K«illy »28«8 

 t oUerifio of Ihii J Ited h 
Allh cenlrol hfnt o 

-jtirvf ynrd wMn lovely Ir 

 cnlcd wilnin wuiHnu rj ^l 

Nii-rumf I: I * m ft n T IT r 7 

' 

. ti. Lo ncf 
1" 

 ichaol 

R I * IT o« S 

_ROSOW & KLINB 
""'ELD'ORADO 
>4crlotile < 7-3, IQTM rxnfirrt df 

 flreplote. o'J flretlrir; kltthin 
Itntttt yard, 3 MstM fro-71 Clenm 
Inry it KM I, In* Inlerett VA loo. 

 i'llOIIG 'rOUJT V/AtO~AU—7JJ-1SJ 

NEED 4-5 BEDROOMS? 

Unwind and move out in 
Ihis olcganl 2 slory brick home, Cuitom d^opci, fire- place, fully carpeted, sepa- rate dining room. Close to 
Mac High. Mid $5o*. 824- 
o213, anytime. 

COOK CO., 

Realtors 

SPOUTSMANS PAKADISE 

Heed room far a boat or camper? 
This kvcly bonie located on a cul- dc-jac txn ihH+ponelcd dtn vrltn buJEHn bar. 
Low pile shag carpet, 

 air, torae uHLily room. 1129 per I 
"BOB FOSTER 

• PLUSH • 

 rrtMJie tn Mary Monl 3.3. (PMS- 

 er daun <jVu^cd lo private paMo). 9 
I. ceilings, dei, complde Kuerten, 
Olympic pool. OvtrsJie <rovb:c ga~ 

OQC, Evcryltilno ycu'vc asked (or. 
826-JJir. 

WINDCREST 

3 or 4 Sef/roomi, ?Vi ba'h 
Plus -1- Pt-ji + Plus 

Coll 653-6333 Fm Derails 

Hansen Real Estate 

AREA'S BEST BUY! 

VILLAGE 
NORTH: 

 b.-n-flllcd den sepo- foles carpvlcd nxii- 
If sulle Ironi chil- 
^- 
^ drcn or g-^Cit bdrrns 

 or.d batn, F-jliy o1 VHchcn, tfhl 9o- txjc, ecnlrol air, pol'o end pifvocy cncetf. Immccutolel JiV,9oo. REAL' 
TOR. 3*1 fl»l. 
NaulorEeahv 

__„_______ o_.^ 

 crxl hcct, llnlir-.cd gcu 

 carpel, 
Cfrt 

5NDRO &5i- 
, 

EL SENDRO 

Home and Extra lot 

Veil I oca led In Norlhxood. Lovely 
,T/i, tfcn, [FPJ, IMog and d'cvTny norm, o l a s led jur-rccm, buMHn 

Ichrn. Treed oroiwxK and addition1 

 al tot. Exlrus. $74,5oo. 

K E A L T O H S 

'ROSOW & KLINE 

 r GARDENRIDGE - 

LUXURY ESTATE 

. 

 re of. Must sec 

 cppfpctafc IMi 1. bargain ol IttOOQ 
. 
- 1 . 

NaulorReahu 

!! REDUCED !! 

$1ooo 

OrfLY %29,«:fl. A S S U M E Opprar 
Sl.o5o. B% canvc-nlloral loan, «-i5 

Lovtly 1 beircmm he me, wllh ccrv tral hctl and air, built in kitchen, large 1 a mile room, 1!XJ1 covered o, VA-FKA. Colt now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

• T-M-I 

 lie ba rd to 
11 txJ ti ame. -i stwy 

 o-'rs.'i conKttKwrary. -j bedroom, twtKs, jcporlalc dirTng. Urcpiacc living room arx) famlTy room. 

 a'k la Alamo Hlgli ichooli. 4J2- 

KARTMAN, Realtors 

_____ 

OWNER, 4 utdrocm, I'/j "barh, 
&e, 135oo equity, Assume 

 mo. 641-3315 air. 6. 
_ 

CITY 

Proslfge oreo, molt Ilvccb4* 3-2-2 

 txinic on [he market. A must sec 

Icr bed rocm. PJush v/HK every- g, CKCCPI price! 

JOHN ffAYNOR 
_*?i^!ii-i 
?t**i?' ** l"?i? -. 

""ATTSACTiVE 

ROOMY 2 bedroom brkfc Mm? or 
CORNER LOT! Cor.ve.i'ent to Ran tfolph. Ft. Sa.-n. G a r d e n , lovely trees, GRt'tlJHOUSEJ S c r e e n e d porch (or iixiKTH:r e n j o y m e n t . 
113XW). 

53M* EQUITY, IU! MONTH 

Lovcty 3-1-1, nice fomliy home, cm- ral oV-r:eol, ferrced, Jl*!foo5. 

SJ5M EQUITY. |U1 MONTH 

 ovc-Iy 4«l'l, nice (onriUy hoin^ ccn- 
-al oir-ticat, fenced, SIB.OM. 
Norm Itlancbard 
341-7133 

EXCLUSIVE—TMI 

This bwytilul 2 slery—All sct-^ols. 
-nfroncc, Hvfnrj room (I I replace), 
Inlog foom. dt-tij morning room, 2. 

 beef rooms, 2 baths dv^n. 3 bed- ooms, iUHng roam, hua? drcss'nn oreo up. Cc.ilrol heat ar>d air and ab'jfoyi klrchcn. 2 focxn Quark rb icfachetf. 8?<-3?33, 8?2-?lW, 

Co, 

RLALTORS — MLS 
— 

CAMELOT 

IMMEDIATE POSSESSION 

OWNER'S ANXIOUS sin GALAHAD 

 cI'vc 3 bedroom. 3 bafh rw 

Exlra nice kilchei *rI1h icH-clcan'-ng ovtn Vi'n^lne; d i s t a n c e to tl E. 

Call Atac McDcvIlt 

 wllh [I replace, iludy. rnodem kil uii Rubiola J 

CAMELOT, SXll 
Ccntle Way* 
All 

Urkk, 3-3-7. Owner. Equity. AMvrrc 
7*'4 loon. Tret^.Prtvocy fence. Lorjc 

WAIKTO... 

Eilerncnicry and hfrfi 
School tec 

Ihl^ "|uil llslcd" 3 bedroom ixmic 
A*ocArthur Terrace. Contra! clecli 
:vcnf1hlng. !ar<jr farrJIy area, patio. 
Cuy 
Co, 

Just listed 

 hi papu>or Vilkirje 
. 

4 bedroom 3 balh. air corvdllionet] hsmr. Convenient lo schcols 

- 

- f R E L R 

Grace Arnold 

 wner, 
3 bcrifooms, ccnlrcl 

T, J159 manlhly, 342-93HJ- 

___ 

Owner* will sell Z rtnr""houiti, l o balh. Each hoi 1 btlroami , l balh, 

In growing orvd il?,Si» 

W/L!SHfR£ TERfcACE 

4 bcdrcwni or 3 arxl den. ? botl.%. 
Hew rental heol arnj o;r. new rool 
Auuovc 
JITS mo- 
3'A% 
Inlcrctl. 
Ca'.l Wfi. Hancock, 

EDnHE B. COOPER 

3<l-llf> 
«i].JM7 
311.1147 

Co, 

— 
ML-S 
— 

LIVE OAK VILLAGE 

HOME SHOW 

NL:AR RANDOLPH 

:ven rclV 3 o*d ^ bcdrco-n hoiws 

 icr Immrdialc cccupantvl 

TE'RRY COURT 

 irotto-Ji 1 O-AIKF home on derwl end 
: t r e c I, nror [JtnckenrliVje Park. 
Mot* cclllii3^excel!enl condlllon-1" bedrooms—breaVtait bay In kllcr.cn 

CAROLYN GRAHAM REALTOR^ 
•k SHAKE A I'EG + 

I yau v/aTl 1o ico irils j.-nrrweulal 
ItKc Clific 
I-T 1h; N.l:. School dh 

 rfei. 3 bcdrosmi, ; batrt, jo real 

Qr.cJ clean U inarklct. 

8H-71I1 or 65J-Oi9 

Deanie Ov/ens 

Ail ckctrlc Mfd c double c/ir tin 

. 
In moll r.o-!\cs, FHA, VA) 

Convcnllonal flrmclrvj avalloble 

•cm sn.ooo. i«.7MI. nlloi 174-73M. tTALTORS. 

Aik lor JOHII rn-OURNOY JR. 

JOHN 

M'AYFAIR 

 n 
Rer.encv 1-3 den covered j>atlo. 

'o.neic'l fj^/aijc, or co I IQT ploy en a 
; n I n y tfCJY- N«cr poil, ihopi. 

CAROLYK GRAHAM PEALTOBS 

TOV/NHOUSCf C. h a r'rri lnV?"b€cT 

11. 7 Iwlh, fully ccfpclcil. oil lti( 

 n.cnl'T"4- "''•" "'*'•<• !U1J •""• 

Do3 RODOERS *13^7<o 

 c COT cSve 
" 

SOLD OUT 

 hil ••I'cr-.onallird'scrwlt 
'crll;c dally, IMJ' IhCrn In W.I S and iivc- n:fn '^liinq (J-ern iO fti'.l ' w fro now 
Souj Oiill nFfxi' 

Lcl ui prove M. 43S-73I6 n-shli. 

Dixie Rose 

IH73M 

 nd In tp^ccllcnl co,i d i l,'o 

' and ojnj.n« 7% 

CAMB.OT 

3-2-2 o<i (ul rje-iac. Cxtra lartj-i Ulch ef>, o^d ponelcil (OTi'l/ roim Large biKk yqrrf, mnny t«frt>',, 3 year*, chl 

 sii.sw rw in, Owntr. 

OAK FOWESr 

Irrmrrilau) 
Terrify t-Aftf, 3 btij- 

 f>mi (&nj 3o'I. ? bfllhl, o-rl 74' X 

 rOmi.' roarn vilti rronHln iffe 

 plo<fr. 
(-:ic:1r!c Mkhen, beaulliull/ 

 prlvncy (cflecel back yarj wiih lr««l nnl hritk " m«u* 

HEV/ 
LUXURY 
HOMES 

Crtlu&IVO ieclud>'r| f)ftO. 3 t. 
">ini\, 3 linlh», J cnr (wrflfxi, 3 

 mlnvfrt 
Rnrvfo'pii. 
12> lo 
J)3,ooo 
' ' Mt»le flnfln<ln7. 

9Mi VOLtMITk REAL1Y 

Camflgl—No"Vfb:wn""ra^iTenirr:nyon( ifl'' txy. ) fcedrocrrn, tlove, rerrla er^'cr, lijjf, clr, Unl parrnenl ir 

)H )»] not! Dl J'AOLO 
3)1 HI 

 beeroomi, 2 b o t h , 
Icrtuiy room, rivin: rocm, Lorge Ko(. m- 

S538 

 ncr/ wut^erdryer and icc 

CHATJ7S 

This haih, Vi itie mail rupr.l itali 

Hacienda ipoolsh bcajly, 4 bedroom, ' 

•o pJfrn hoi it oil [r rn tfccor und e'jolp 

 suf>t o1 cujlo.-n drcpcj, culfl 
--•or.c door, openefr AM n, 

 breaVIa:.! bnr. pro'euions 

... anutcnpcd on a qulei cul 

 do loc. U-M than iiFly tho-JianJ. 

111-3111 or &«•]»• 

Deame Owens 

. 

- J-I-2, f:. j b^ o;>fXilji1nicnl. 

VILLAGE NORTH 

 heCrCHyn, central air, co/ncllrvq 
IQ«, dhnoial, playhcuir, fenced 

 m »}] V'^^-^iL^'-^^Il 
_./tly~2~i"ncdroomj, 2 btvlh, jliode t r e e s , iprlnkieri, pool, workv ccnlral air, ncnl, 17W so.lt. 
S c ii o o 11. walk to Coll Couiic 
Ulj.ltOO^OV/fiEn^jlJj 7o4? iv b-An'sr. RtKfor'iell~i6'*rn"oTot 
J-S-J, Kirby. tl*ar ft. 
Sann-Randolph. Rent (urn 

 or_ unfur/1. Coll (or fielalU, M1-U?| 
ModiTrTaTTtltciric ^J-'l-alTfaikiro 
3. acr«t l/onllna Mwy 71. llt-JHJ „ 

Cozy— 

 ii ihc word for ihis comfarlob1« lovely hom£. 3 hedVaomi, Icrge | family wiih fireplace. Only 
$23,ooo 

24 HRS. SERVICE 

Sreal csiale GO. 
828-61o2 

&nverse, TDX. il3M equity Darling bedroom, ? 6atK home, tcnlnal air, orwcnlent 1o Randolph. Joann Roto* 

Hoby Kcally 828-o5C8 

LOW-iLOW-EQUITY 

It's o do-ling (or UK? iraney. Yoyr^ 

W lr« young nc'(;hi>orric-od. Coll 
o,1,-XMnrrncnl. S2-4-o121. ANYTIME 

 sow** 

1 E A I T O U t 

ROSOW '& KLINE 

 r PRICE REDUCED -^ 
II «1I VA, 3 large tedrflomt, 1 
[w dvrng aid dining grea, potto, k «f Itorcgc. call 

^^ARYMOHT—NE SCHOOLS 

Over 6.ooo iq. », on 2 flsrseoui lol). 
* K~i"""-i, 61/, bams. 2 larue fcmr- library, 4 fireplaces, pet I. 

Mac Arthur High 

>on1f wall I Call now to $*e this 

 cly 3 bedroom, 2 decoralx baltis, fle et-n pjyj KWng room w 1 1 ft 

 polnlctf. Mid 33 i 

NaylorReaty 

~ 

 a bedroom, do*. ccrp:l, rcn;c. wo'k 

 a seliooJs. Owrwr carry. 11JOO down 
M-OM4 WATSON & ion fM.IMj 

7846 SUNFOREST 

COML-LOTS fRlZC. Ftolurlnn fcr- mol und rnformal d:nlm. Double 

 o^en, dilfcwashcr, llnliT-^d norauc 
Scnc/nlc ulllily, ccnrrcl nlr, prkney inca larse corner (of. 535.<M. 6;«- 

BOB FOSTER 

 move right in 

 m sired 3 bcdrcani ho-w:...t:n;r- a""rn^ rwymctils al li. lln-.e. Rec!lor. 

 ate 

•£L DORX-DO 

Enloy ooiooor IMnj In tiws snaclons 
3-2-2 *llh pallo Kilc»*n, iwinmilrwi pool, lovoly V;n1scnfi«l yard 
!22-33« Rcullcrs MLS r>l:cs &SS-JCI6 

GENEWIISOM 
A'L'AMO HEIGHTS 

Grand new-move In- 2 and 3 tctf- 

 n tc-ArrrtOylCS. All wiih ?. balhs, oi. C o r p e l e d , o>opod, fu'l/ wed Mlchtn. IM'i. 
' 

CARQLYfj GRAHAM RCALTORJ7 

It's Cheaper Than Ronr 

WINDCREST 

_ 
_ 
. 
_ 
. 

Ail bfkk 3-n wlfh 

CAM'ELOT 

J-I'.VI. iTii. bill. LoS~in 

ADDITIONAL CLASSIFIED 

OK PAGE 9G 

CONTINUED FROM 

PAGE 8G 

[ Hou»..-Norlhe«it 1 

MARYMONT 

A mansion ol 3 spacious bedrooms, 3 bolhi, den. liutw polio on 13o'xMO1 blinll.is atclutive circa. 
Marble 

 liroplaces. lome marblo 
Ifoors. Lovely Irecs 

WIIITMIV, WKIINiy I ASSOC. 

Uail-d?.1!;! 7:ttt-:t i n i 

Super Star 

S;'e*'y j/*::ui liv'ig tea bt yi.-n lY.i biculilol tiihonttd Viilijt ton- 

BV.pn 3 kije ttdroCTi, T/i Iwh, 

HUGE OAKS 

 n c a u I I I u I aero Id. Prelly enlry looks Ihrti dinlnaroo.'n. lo vfipcr po- lio ond pool crw. Den looks oul on lower polio Dr<o*fost area opens lo 
Krth crccn plonls. Wi. p o p u l a r 
. Hcvlhwood Eslales. 

_CAROIYII GKflHAM DEM.TORS 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Lovely norlhilde 2 b«]rcom home, laryc farrJIy ro=m, o.-.ly $16^oo. V/, 

'p|rE CANTLJ Realtors 

~ T E R R E L L rHILLS 
In o1 area o! lino hom«. Thii cui loni built 2 story heculy lias scna- ioie dinlnrjracm, den v;il|\ l,rcpk:ci 
•D"CakfaJl txiy. 3 large bctKoonv 
.Cues! room. 2'/j bo I hi nSus cirartcr 

II4S7J3 
814-j?!? 
B?t-(« 

_CAROLYN PR_»fti A M Fl RALT Djt 5^ 
3-2~-2—$25oo EQUITY" 

WINDCREST 

•J bedroom, 2Vj balfi, tvlck fcocufy I 

 itcntfing location. Have you wanl a larrjo tonial dlnkig room cn^ 

 iomlly room villri bulll mi ar,d (Ire- plcce? For riKi nwn of tlie Iio-Jie at o v e r s I z e dauWe nllachcd carat* 
Lcndscoficd o.id fenced. Many ex 

. Apjirax. 2,67o 5q. ll. Cal rn.e LcGrond 6iS o7o7, 

 n c m o mwihy 

 on l.f acre corner, 341-4167, 45J-JESJ 

All electric kllcl-cn, 
Pled (Jen, 5237 ir* 
CALL CUNHA , 
653-41U 

--•••-r Viill sell 2 renl houips, ] or both. 
Each IMS 
3 bedrooms, 

 tofh, large fenced jo/d. Good I vcsimcaT in growing N o r r hw e i 
Arto. ilOAM and *1I,SGO. «i-SCCS 

PRICE REDUCED 

Where can you fk-d a 5 bedroom brick ho-n& v.llli tcdor rcof, la Tilly room, clecfrlc kitchen, central ficc!- olr lor only SJ/,7oo7 And Mom, the children walk fo elementary and 
Hcrlh Slor Ma'H 
8I4o4oS 
REALTOR 
73MJ51 

. 
A Lot For A Little 

E. TERKG1.L HILLS. 3 btdrecm, fully carjy>!clc, o:i k'.lchcn oapllon- cei. Central air. 
ScctirJIy bcrj all 

 arrxjr^J. Covered r-aifo, Irec sliadcd lol. HE stiisols. Co-.von'ciil to i^cn- ping. Only SJi.SfD. 

RANDOLPH REALTY *«-S3ol^ 
MAKETHISGV-STLE 

 r 
= i 
Ihli. 2 story, i»V. ROCK slat) u re boait 
HUljE 
RQOfAS nirl GHA- 

CIOU5 AlMO^PHbRE. 4 bcdrcorr.s 
[ifflpraccd (oirna: ffvlna rocm, scptrr- lalc d-nlnrj onj ro.-n:iy rooms, 3',^ oatni. Uu 
. c 

 lol a-vi AVAlLAIlLC 

5' 5CHoo1-S- °'- 

 y* 

REALTORS 
— ~ MLS 
—_ S?< 563 

COUNTRY LIVING 

\vllk all ell,- convnilcnccs. 
Lo> 

 ck-'cr )K 
Kca wil 

I Houies—Norlhe 

FcdtroJ ft*, Howitr>fl Ait el 1961 

'••nr pf*F«(«n(r, (.rnlnnlon.1 or 

€», lin-.llaljcn dilr.rln.lnB 

 lor r«cl o^ifll* whJih Ft In vU\s. l-oo of ih. law. Ourr.adtit «,. k*irb y inlofmad ihol alt 

 dwelling, od»eMl,«d U rhiv 

$25oo Equity $148 Mo. 

.llh a y . ia rcn 

 heat o-d air. 
CALL CUHMA REALTY 
" 
' 
' 

 ft 

_ 
653-4111 

DEUGHT" 

Two-itwy siuceo executive ma an. Huge U room home [nclutllRg arg? nuslc room. J [jalhs. 3 rental r o unlit wllh Incc 
. 

 f s^tfc mwithly 

'* MO CITY. TAXES * 

Camci=I H- Dr. ken;, Ier red. 
,iaui Hvlrr-jdirlnQ oreir. ^-2-2, n 
I'dttet area. Drcp«5. 
LOY/ 

Vva_ilshlc_Jij|y_ 1. 6S3:i3H3. oil Hi1i^'r>-n~Rt;TT2^r"w,Tt"tr7o.niiTr 
-—)-TI, hjill In k i t c h e n , privacy 
- , i, priv 

 fence, central heat and air. ijvOO 
- 

[^yrr.cnls ot S??7 
- ' 

, uily qr.d 

-. u.mc [^yrr.cns o 

 inciudi.-ia homcort.-.er's insurcncc. 

Ort.icr Ita/jr-g clly. 222-9J4I, 653- 

JUST 'LISTED 

14x22 Family Room 

 willl flHEPLACE. J tarcelcd t» rao;ii^, Lur(jc forn'dl (ff.ilng. Inside trjiKiry, bcrccr.cd-ln ccvcrcd nallo 
HE SCHOOLS. Only HI, WO. «V35S4 
ANYTIME. 

REESE HENRY 

TERRELL HJLLS 

 riEW LISTING 

Contcmpor'cry leodng fn thii 1 ilo:> 
-i-nljler Ihat 
IKJS Indosr-ojlilccr al i D s p l i c r c . Llvl-.urcom wltti Fire 
Jacc, drnlrvjroim, den. 3 bedrcotrii. iws'er has sludyl 
? bal.isHul 

 alh conr.cclei lo caipoit. Atair.i 

- 
- 

CAROLYN GRAHAM_REALTO»S_ 
'EftST TERRELL"HILLS~CO"Rfi§R 

3-1-1, ccnlral heat-air, carpel 
Ir ivlrvj^ nlng. Assume 5^1% VA pay 

"UDDY-UECKfR 

_ 

BIG ^BEDROOM'S 

2 balh, pane-led slutly all centra!, utilily room, bullT rn fclkrwti. Al- amo HIIA School. Over H» sq Ml 
M!d 33s. W5-135o -or 6K-4UU cvc 

 rnoidi rjuci uir, Jlu.uut 
»,, 

 wflf, jy? Lnihs. IVf«d f:t Ihc J'Ci, 
6?Z-1o;?.-Hcallars MLS Niks 6ii : 

GENE WILSON 

W£-R"E*~ LOSING 
|T1 Owner iay 
"HelpI" He's )Kcn Ironilrrred a- ccn't n-ckc bain payment v f-cinil 

DOB RODGERS_<i3\-4JW 

Small cr^uily, 
7V»% 
Inlcrcil. ~^Ii 

Owrcr, 3 bedroom, I IxiSh, lrr.cc yard, r.Ucchcd r;aroqc. 
IUCJ Coi 

 f*oi?1_PI1^3**'i_?HllhB7- 
"I'ufk VJhagc-NK 
ONLY W7.5oo. 37-1 v,ilh rtcr, nl c o n t r o l . Reoso-iDWc cq-jliy. VA 
CANT, MSO nrr n-cnlii. FIAUGAUI 
65i-3S?4 ANYTIME. 

 m REESE mm 

EL bfJRAu6~T[\V~OWNCR 

3-7-?. over UOQ itr. ,(., boa.-:iCLi calfi 
<eillrvas, Ci'-nlry kiichcn. cc-vc«cd no flo, avail. June. 17.ooo Equllf, 7?. V> 

BY~OWNF RrTwJ Jccd, ~AiiwiTe~ 7° 
VA, EqjHy, 
%1J7 msnlhly or re!I 

 ihop, dclcchcd ilorcg?, ccnlrnl olr hcul, tcrprl, rcol all new. Near Fl 
Sam. 
12oo sq. II. e?i-;4i^, 

 nY *OWNGH,"*3 ?•?," verV nice"," /% 
VA. o«tfn:ph'o:i. In Live OaV. jna-iy 

^ROOSEVEuTHrGH" 

D n r I I n g 3 bcdrocni brick trim, (Jlj covered polio, kits 

3'K-mT' JLur ifioAi, 

Bi-5-183 mfw' __KSTATE 

: LOW KQUITV 

3 l:erlro«»), JV> Ivilhl, rtfnfrcl air, cicclr'c klklicn. SWO ctiu.ly. 
KEALTOH5 
&Sf-l?H 
MLS 

INVESTMENT PROPERTY 

 nY OWHER. fJorlhr-ail Park. 3-3-3 
Ccr.Unl heal mil filr. Kcnlrd v;.il 
Collided ton ail, Entity and on^n^t 
5 '/ir,i lean. 9co7 Soil^oury. B?J-6iej 
3W-2JJL __ _ 
_ 
_ 

""" "MObERNIZE'1 " 
V,-ir lire style In Ihls bcn.tllM gar- den kCcncn «ilh (J.iri +tnr. rw: r o •<! afv poi(il. 1 LKHJrcorti. 2 barh. 1 cor 5:1 rago 
^'.o^>o vJlh ccnlrnl n r-hcol 

Conn up lo (talc no,v. Call 6/H-jiU nltei 

REALTY 

 in SUL-RWOOO OAKS. 1oo% 
. 

Ixrtroonis, 3'/i Jxilhv llvlnj, ilinH inmliy, breaVfoil roams 
« STUO 
AIID WOJtKSMOP] r r l V r t c y y o r 
Wilh BEAUTIFUL. OAK 
T R I: I- 

POOL. [Icslnnflif [or CRACIOU 
LIVIIIG ord offered nt V9.W). 

C/>ipnwi Co. 

R^CALTORS _— rALA _ — _'''i_^» 

SAN PED'RO HIl'lS 

S n o n k s h ilyllivrj In orcy anliqu faflcJs. T-!cJ e/i1ry h(iH, formal nnd 
InPormal dln'nrj , Hlrch |inn 
|-,n% cntrKrlroJ celllrvo, Vio: flrcp'ace orwl iHjIll 
In b^ 

Ovi/ilifd dcclrlc kitchen, larrjo 

SPfKiralO 
Utllirj-. 
3 InliurlOui hr:!- 

 roomi, 2 tlccorclM- boll it. Ui.OOO. f-SS-KM. 

BOB FOSTER 

JUST'USTED"" ""~ 

 fn ALAMO HCICllTS OJST, J t>nl- rrtftui *OO(.l. MOUSt" with 

Co, 

 la-AllOM^ — 
MLS 
-. .lli;ot| 

OAK GROV^E'sf ATCS" 
3 LenlrfLvn, 1'^ l>:]|h. f-»c*ik'r\l i-ra- 
Ifvi, I.Ike nrw comlllloit. Prlrf.l t\t tlOiO. TNi Is n itenl. ton for ^. 

]']»! lltnllorl Ml.-, nllM i 
GENE WILSON 

 irrxTioi pJni 
11 vvT.nl yoy n« i RII |!K[Mcirtliwi crasUlliJ uu 

JJiT LISTED! 

SurJccrn living roi 
3-1-2, Q u I c I cui sac. Leis then y 
Old, O w n e r Ire 
(erred. 

_ 
Jtfu*-C518 

Some lucky Buyer 

:M gel _ihl is 7*j (can nnd $H3 t>QV 
H 

 c.p;li fcf a s-_[i3r fcascncblr c<j-l- 

. 
Ltn Ki it a pcd, V,T 11 h tpt J bctf 

 ram, 2 Uolii, ccnlro: nir-(-,eal, cnr- 
(I. D-i'OHc. DcLaiC-y Really 6W-o&W, 

 t|Viic:i 

•tt jfaio 

Worry-Fr eo World 

OF 

WINDCREST 

Wn iliop Irll you find II, 
Provisional, courteout- 

 o>p«rianceil service awuitf youi coll. Our exclusive in- vcnlai/ affbri clio^e od 

A Town house, 

. A (jar Jon Homo, 

4'fino pioowncd homos, 

A duplex, 

2 new executive homes, 

Savo llmQj rnonoy and 

 worry. 

Sen or call uj today. 

We Want to Help! 
49o7 Walzom Rd. 

655-3584 Anytime 
[Q REESE HENRY 

TF.RRELL HOTS ian:g iigfs. jchoolj, ^-(i/j, n inlng raoinj Jervced, trees. ' 

DE CHftPMATI REALTOR 
"Cti i led) 
1-, oui*, El 
Dor odo, 3-1-' 

 tn, colhedral ceilinoi, 7% VA, Of 
«finance. 
ARK; v i L LA G E. ny 
OWRW 
EISD, 3-1, air, all a p p l i a n c e ! encej yard, largo ccvcicd polio 
'Joo Equify ond aijume, •"«"» 
Me r fcpm. 

CAMELOT 
BY OWNER 

-1-1, V/i yeors eld, bellcr Ihor rei. ll Ktlchcn cp^lanccs, well 1o wal nrpcl trwoifflho-jl, d ropes, covered 

?.5&. 6S1.55I3™'""" ""'• """"' 
CHILDREN DRIVING 

YOU BATTY? 

 lv* ihem each Ihelr o-wn bedroom his lovely 4 bedroom 2 botii t.amt tit- scrvool dlilrlcl Vf3s n-«i'it lo 

J». Coutole tjotatfts, ctnlral n!r OTJ eof, 5?jr per n-.o. a26-96;i. 
BOB FOSTER 

3 l>cdrco 

J slvopp^g om.-Hctc-ly In 
/I VA. Cal 

RE&TMAVEN. 
Loroc imo r>ear scJioals ci 

We end ouJ. /;& oV/ 

HUGHES & WAKEFIELD 

23-5SJ7 
REALTOKS 
97-S 

*~HO 'QUAUFYIHOTTTSfrcL tovo, refr-gcralof. A s s u m e VA 
^111 Irode. 
~_^W> 
WAYIJfi SLATfR 

 eauiifuV cendfllo.i In and oul. 4 
Jiooms, 1 balhs, <;wi, tc-o rr.a rets to mcnlion. Cell fcr Inlofrr.. i>. JEAN MARTIN 3^^-SJll, 69-1 

-— POP JOHES^RCALTfJR 

VALENCIA 

 ovely fanrjlly homo 
In 
"Belle 

 hen new ccyxllli&n". 4-2-2, fan I! 

Prcl!^ ycrU. Nfcc ail^malion at H7.6W. 

CMR4 BEliE GtfHER 

. OvrT^r, OakmMil, 3-2-?, fec1u.t 

 oak-slutfdcd bcoullMly londvapctf jvm, covered palfOj <alhcdral cell n35, lorgc fcinlly rosm-Wlche^ orca 
:Ircn'ocp In n%ai1rr b«tro;m, fglly arpered lovely curslo.Ti drapes. WJ.5o 

$45,ooo.-Windcrest 

T'S 1RUIZ! O.i'y i years orc!| 4 

 cdroams. Dcaulliul co.nd;ilon. JJc, olf cc--:-io. A fcrmily ctrcnii a! Ih 
Mce. SEG TODAY! 655-3531 AH' i REESE HENRY 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

 nnlr.T ord ipcclous 3-2-7, bull) lo irn^ cnlcymcn! . FcolurL''(i lend 

 coped yard, wllti total sprl-.klc 

 yslr-m, 
CKVO" m->cli more. rjc-Lanc> 

 ly fi53 OSM or SS3-?3fJ I cvo 
„ ELDORADO-^- 

1-1, 
IJEISD, 1 years cW, lully < 

 c \ od, laniscapcd, c\ib facllll cry tlcon.tfol tla-.tJIng value, 
A tcvf i3's. OWNKR. W5-976I 
E^fT'E AND 

 bcdrco^i, 2'A balh cublon 
- . .._.ne foi 1Ho fn,-n:ly v/ho wanl o Hiovij uo. So many n ] c c I i c s 
~" e feisty /oom vrllh Uretilact 

 rlc kitC'.tn. larcje ml'a, Immac 

 rr-Hinori Ihroun*i3yf. A picsll il on cconcinv nrkc. i cconciiiv nrk: 
W or I3^-3«1 

<OrRTHEAST SCHOOLS jce 3 bedreom, carpal, ccnlrol air 
Kal. only 1 years old. small cl 
1 

«d tmums Jlia man,My paym a qunUfyrng.'342-4l*r, 6JMIE9. 

 riV^''lv ' ui"i"-'ii» »".» m o ii I h 1 v f3.ooo_Ec,ul|v._Avo.;cblC ^ww. 6S3-3C46 
., Aching For An Acre? 
Gel I,vo-Ih1rdi cl one- wilh 4 brd- roofii, 2 balh (ionic. All ir-o i;OoJ;cs 
1.W) S.|. 11. Q| living >.na(i. Oul .- 
Ircni Hie l|ui!lp and b.sha c( the - ell/ wtlh all c.ly cotvcn'cnccs. won'l lusl long wllh tJ-e price it luj en II 

«3-«JO or 831-33JI 

Deanie Owens 

 arui 
I hcrlrojm 2 Iwlh \v.)h ccr.lrul air 
Har.jja i!lili«,cshcr, wolcr softener 

 rwi srvrmklcr svsic.Ti. Uoublc fin afa.9"^,!"'"11 "" "u:ck ID|= 
BOB FOSTER 

MOVE^IGHT IN" " 

133^3 EQUITY rco1?il buy. 
Co.~.ve.^'Cl>l 
[o Ran 

 olpJi pud Fl. Som. 3 IvtTrcmmi 

 fo-.7»/ room, 
Jmrnjcokiloj | 
JEAN 

 ftWBTIN 3^-2311, 4H-M27, 

BY OWNER 

 i.cl us refer 
>•««* to I'-on-cs "Rii 

Eale lly Owner11 ot no COM to you oil 3«-93?3 
San An1^nlo__Homcowprs Asitt. 
YOLfR -BIG CHANCED 

Tor peace and qiHcl I 

 den 

O'Dv\OS PARK 

MEW LISTING 
. irr.ry br:ck In excellent locallcn 
Alu-r.o MclQhls scr-rwls 
Llvlnrxoo 

. en oroc o. 
,». 

319-1771 
U/if 
11EAI. 

C9-1-5.|Sfl 
BSTA'I'E 

. r.o o i t), t-okfoil urco, "n;ou~crn kllcf^n. 4 'bedroom p'ns u,ii!alrs slllino-oom, 2',^ 
71MW1 e 

CAROLYN CRAIIAM RCALT 

 r'RICe" RED"UCED~iK«"VmilYi'ril« no~.1n pavnienl, IMI'QIKC 11J.WO. 
Thii name li 3-1-1 wllfi lornc lot or.rt 
Icncert back ycwcl firwJ very clrn 
' ncr \\t\\ tarry a second j,olc. I ier. GE7-767o. 

S C H E R T Z . 3 bedroom, ccnlr 
KOI o:r, walking dlitanee la sdrf 

UI-UU 

..... klfchfn wllh fiicpfncc. 33 II sal on- poaele-il library wilh ilrep'otc oKisler iied'oani with Frnich rloou plus 2 bedroom;, ond sludy. niclred 
[lla.^". «nd cnv/rlynrd atfcf 
(a o'J 

 world elcconte. EXCLUSIVE Coll ui lo ice 8?5-3JOI cr B23-JiM 

HARTMAN, Realtors 

VARNER REALTY 

> Mu7rSeli 

 cvcly l.m>e. no* cr.'.oy Ilic do'inhl' imnlof. very sixidoui 3 t-rd 
», 2Vi ttath, dco trP). "Su-n III1 room, f.-lcclrie fhrunyl. Trcci 
" florih-.vootj ~ 

"T*T CASTLE" HILLS 

BV OWNKlt 

,,,,.„..,!.,Iyi nppalnIc'l Cvftloni l)f!<lc, 
3-7-1 wlh lo:nto: Lying mxi d nlnn. a-nily roonx wllh jlrepfnca o.rl ca- hcilraf eclllnn. Inilll-hi ond dccom- er frolurci fr.ro^fiiwvt. DCIJJ'C IIKH- cr sullfl wllh iirlvalo r3l!o nnd 
•r<«lr.o area, WolK Jo IJ.E. itJical*. 

>nY 
3-M-hul I t - I r>i, <nilr fnceiJ, Ailunio 7V'j%. 

^T Mac Arthur hjj 

3 neilroo.ii, TKo Dclh, AlFnctxd 
GrwciK. $1^6oo. Low VA-FllA., 
To Anyone, rfwrrv CnU Howl 

Boautifull/ DocoratorJ 

3 tx-Jrcnin iioine In VV I N o S o PI 

 ivmii fwnvii hvliih nrrof 3 rircoin- 
M j*11^, vwllii liillMni! A^ilMi; 

 ftwi. QUICK' F'OSScSlofc'^X'S.cof 

G», 

 nrAI.TflH^_—_ MIS 
— 
<5.;-MI| 

 fcr Coronado Vilkigo if 

- BY OWN^ft 

 hrclrojjin, 7 ilory, cnilnnt t«j||| 

 xre, coir.cr lal, iC|iorlaio Lvlna- 
"'na,.lc'Jo,1V tlien'.nco. Atsunil A% 

7lii«l 
'c.l'. KOSUfl 
3«|14l 

 jt'jt WOODLAKE 3-aT^Hf owner. EpacroJS livlr.grccm. pOn 
J den, covLird nulfo. Gnrdcn. A 

In V/irrdcrct] 

4 Oe^'rcoiiii, 3 FL-H bolhv, beoulirul v J e \ v of clly. 
Urvbcllcvoye price. 
65S 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA 

_ 

Olf *Dlcndco Rd. L 

_ 

 rge Vp v.ttn 

 ccnvcnlcnt lo schools, jlwp- c b-,s. Eciy icrni5. Cell n 

JACK MITCHELL . 

 d c a Inm'.Iy r.ren 
3-?-2. 

 n loroc lol. 1)3,H». 

Ma'rymont Townhouse 

 tly O.viv-r, spacious 3 l>e,1racni, ' wilh, *f,Kira?c <llnlrvi room, break 
(ail rocm, |>rlvnle cl^b, lcrr>o psol n,ictJ, carri^letf, 53^.ooo, JVA: A'.orl 
^mSi:._^l'^^i_^_^ 

SHENANDOAH 

3-1-1, 
Lnrtj« y'lird, prl»^cy frnce 

 control a:ft by.lt-h Mtchcn. 57J.OOO 

*?SJ. 

WOW!' 

 cck.c fclichen, rvow rool, ihorti 

 rn, d-rtprs. l-rc«ily pal-.tcd out 
(C. Hoi/ wnlk to jlw-wi'nn nnd clr 
'.-ilnry. 3 betVoOnit. 3 iNiliit. niwl t i,°rr«'i;*r(1.7l • 3;i. ^'ck ex t e r I o r 

FLOOD • 

REALTOR 
ML! 

OLD ALAMO HEIGHTS 

 ff cne Itc.Jrowiv, icporo't 
-oooi, (orco kllcl.cn. lew \1 

_C A«o L VH_O R Ml AM RfTA 
BEHfND THIS DOOR™ 

H ynyr rtKam titKJiel lunyllful wJroom Wt bain ca-»lcnipcro«-y w,l 
'I'Cp'nw. Wet Ixir, U' iiiMlcr Ii 
•ooin, nrvl lots t,f glnis kHVIno on n rr'vncy fenced ynrd wilh nlc** 
SK?'..VUS?' "CALtOHVMLS ^. 

In Srrno rinl nricrlrtg ol tl 
I) Oil r oo in (wn-c, f e n c e d lol. Milevy 6i5- 

VlRGlNfA CfRVBNKA til-Jill 

 wllh rjn 

«»-W1i 

M- 4 LvcilitKMiu, > hnlli.ViV 

!<1;iin n'lrr_4 |u'ii. 
Jl li v*hnl ytu (H! ii Neni clniiUltxl oJ. 

Houtii~H«rrh««it 

MWIMMWW 

ASK FOR OUR 

 i 
FREE 

IHOMIS 1o* IIVIHO Kcglllcl. 
(flillril [ooKUM l« o kin, H 
MOVIKO *riulli| t'R'Ji<i!clll. MI t,3y* a m«34l)fll ihro'itg httwi kill I* Sex «.!:<:) erx) you n* oiolton HOMli FOI. I VIHO 
MACAIlNli^.F^n..^,,;^ 
Ixl$in4!kn olMul l>^ C'la In hbxh yij ar, InfniiliJ. *. i« nib v«j 
Ky II ill! dtol hlal< olisfl 

1)14 rv97k< Vt fuR ir- i!Ui!S. 

REAITOB5 

"NEAR FT SAM" 

Lovely 3 tectrcom, 2 balh, 2 car 

 two-*, v/alk lo oil schooli, 
MI;™. Fonilly room, cer.lrol aV ond he.if, covered wllh nl« yard and ih'jbi. ei3*5TO nilej 453379$ 

WIDE 

RtA'LTY 

OWKEft Transferred 

SA'N PEDRO HIL'LS 

AM b/^ck cirtlom bulSt 3-2-2. 
BIG 

 roomi, 
O-KJ fa-Trily room v»ilh ptot*. Guilt 1n kllthon. , Fully fK-led. Pric«d be'ow/ marv^t. cl ffr?. 

Homeowners, 828-3535 

S 
REALTORS i 
HLS 

LARGE FAMILY HOME "t 

Sorrowided by line home*. 2 ilofj 
"£2 .f....b5*"m'..T/ji ba' h*< ? 
CM 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

M A C A R T H U R TERRACE • BY 

French Provincial - 4 bedroom cus- lomUed 2 slory home, wilh ell Ihc illracllvc featiwei. Vfclk to Mac- 

Vrlhyr tllr Efem., t/r.d mall. Giant 
IOTA o/i qj.ct 
Cul-dC.iac. U4 ""• 
>5S-J7il 

, 

 v v v n - e n t o t. arn a 

SA, VA.FflA. W.ll trad*. 
JACK MITCHELL 

Cu1e Colonial 3 bedroom, 1 bctti, ln_rae kKeheMomHy room. 
Nice 

CMR4 BEttE o11HER 

A- BY OWNER * jiifi.1 J-3-7, ca'pelcd througri- 

 oul, large family rcom with cathedral 
'-"toy, (arge ^replace, swl/n/nlng 

, privacy fence, tHilrol htal-alr 

SUPER BUY! 

^ forrnak 
. 

7.cor saragi. 
. 
, e 

 ry 7.cor saragi. Conventltmil 
VA [inanclnj. 4]S,(K». 
91-S853 
349-1417 

THE BUKNS COMPANY 

E. TeRRELt HILS HGTS 
Imnwcu^ale 2 slsry on corntr, 4 bcd-'corrs, 2 oafhi, f'urn* com&o llv- 
Ir.g with c'edrlc kilchtn, pc&l room, bar, covered pal to, privacy ftncc. 
//.a ny other ex I ros, VA or f I) A. 

""BUDDY UECKER 

 i 1 talh home 

TfRRELL 

W.cyJIIcent 4 bedroom 1 ta .. vrfih paicled ckn, formal dicing. 
3/CC, enciCJfd patio wilh ODQ pll- 
Priced la sell cl $47,5oo. 

REALTY 

Immediate Possession egcncv PJoce - 4-2-2, den, gll! aflo, 2.ooo sq. II. S«,SOO. 
16-1724 
CALL 
MOV/ 
823-^ 

Clint Leake Co. 

H*UMI—N*rtfc*Hil 

Waiting For 
A Bargain 

We Jiovo 2 each will, \Vi both and 3 Ixdjoom, Noatond <lecn. ! low low equi/ioi In Brftlol P.'oc*. 
' 
54 IttS, SERVICE 

828-61o2 

P'ARJK ^ 

FIRST OFFERING 

4-JIf£1",on<1..'ix'clw"1 ' b«a/oco« 
Z Doini, family town, c'Mlrlc KM cn*r> wjjj br^OKftut area vrtlh a boy wkiJow, ojdom ihodti. Th« Iw price villl surprlM yo<j. 

IH-!1»I cr 411-431o 

Deanie Owens 

 e, lovelf 3 bedroom home 
-ent To Ft. Sarn and norlheuil 
. 

~k OFF NACOGDOCHEb •* 

 in MacA/mur nigh area/ Jerao 3 iwdrconi, oarage, central air, exlra nice. Only SSiO do^.i to FIIA Ujycr. 
No down VA. 
413-3??J 
ALLSTATE 
331J??) 

OFF PERRIN BEITEiT 

3-7-2, Den,. Central heel, air, lornc fenced yard, pofte, HE. Sch-Mlj, Ex- ce!;enl condition, Assume 1187 nwif 

6SS4177 

TERRELL CHILLS 
Aurocuve 3 bedroom hwnt v/flh pool ar<i a!) extras, lv/ Lcr>c. Rich- 

 i_Ri-okor,_aa-2 
FARM7 3"-J-27~Vo r"p*Y. 

 cm, calhedro! tom, llniihod 

 d^apei, laroc family roerrt, calhedro! 

 on Inro* rnr-nrr[ t h.Hm 
^,t "lima*, A/A-FM l/i1ercom, llniihcc 

Sl!.!°iSt S 
Ihlni ."I"*™' |*5 &'WU>y_o«ntrI_Z5Ly»-. »i»'» 

 ptacc^ formal d.nlrva room, sirio *n. Ortl \i/ 
A i /i i r\\ i r/*Vi-M-\ 
2o1 W. WILDWbbb" 

Special lor 
$13.95o. Small $ roo .. 
-~ 
W»d orcD. Selling 
:c II. J34-J196, r.llB 

PETE C'ANTU, REALTOR 

'ALAMO HEIGHTS 

US Pallerscn 

5 -Room, l-.o-jse-imod rfolached cpl. 

LOW EQUITY 
Assume 7ft VA. 3 tcc'roam, 1 balh 
;iig drnlivj area carpeted, slovc viry^£"SmCn^port' (Cr-"d 

WM«JRTH HEIGHTS REALTY ^ 

3o? V/. Gromercy 
//.anlc Vlsla 
. romercy n /.a 

 among many lovely hames In 1hl 

' creo. Be ic-aaV fa move 

- i 
8 room S p a n i s h style. 

Lcrge enclosed pallo. 3-2-1. Top con dlllon. 
Plenty c l o s e t s, stofagc. 

S41AOO. Owner. 672-13o4. 
. 
. 
. 

JI16o CASH BUYS-MOVE IN! 

 ck front, 3-V/j-I, clr, ilove. 

WATSON ft 5o» 
735-1o3 

Large "Executive 

 s!ory hamo , S bedrooms, 
>lhs, on cul-dC'ioc, 
IP 

 ojn Anlcnto. Wa'k lo ._...,IH.IMUIT school, dub. pool ond Terjili co.rls 
Lew Inlcrcst loar,, 

Cull 655-5848 

HOMESITE OR INVESTMENT , 

24- ceres wi|h Wtifop vtevc, moun 
'-'- laurel, oa^s, on pavecj corne 

 jrow'na Hefolcj Roncri Eslale 

 area. S2oJKO. Call Mr. Alamlz o 

, Tllllck, 3^.53X9. 
CAPITAL PROPERTIES CO. 
SAN PEOJ^O HILLS 

DY OWNER 

Ear I/ 
America i, 
3-?-3, 
Den wlf 
Fin-plcce, c o v e r e d pol/o," prlvi fence, cuitom drapci, Dy capo 
OC_nl^6M-3«l , Ml^,iOO, 

SECLU b'ED ~CUL^DE7SAC" 

A»'jn-.c 7 VA, low equMy, noroc, 
J bedic^m, family crea. bar, heal 

. J/:.o?3L-^A.rsoN *_SON__. 
One living area, 3-3-7, pfui scparat dln'rvg end I I n I i h c d onranc. Ccl 
&72-SM13, Ktt Gl;bc. 

EASY ASSUMPTION 

- bcdreoMt, 
2 balh, tcnl/cl - air 

 heal, only 1 years aid. 7% not* 
Norlheosi schools. Treej. MI-4U7 

OWNER FINANCED 

Spacious brick home, slate roof. Idc al for antique furnllure. Off Dread way, HtUs 223-9755, offke ai4-H&f. 
REG'NIER RElAUTY, INC. 

Vli trick. <-!-2, v.-t'|t I 
.'irpticd, tculral licnl 
,ri9,5oo, tP.COO to ass 

 o Hj£ S;hools 

 aJr, :K-lll-mi me 7'.'. locn 

PEACHY K^EN 

Yoj'll love tl;ls 3 bcd/eo.Ti, 1 \joll family rccm v/llh tfoub'e c^raqe, a! central, electric kllclwn, Inlcrccm 

 tc. M a s t e r bcdrcatn a.id batn 
?r«'ile front olhcn. Privacy h 
.-Icflf «l DcLarvey Reel I y 65S-13S 

ANXlbU$~BOUGHT~~OTHER 

4-7, (atllly room. fJS Jtf-oo's 
., ?"> r.'nf-. o-^yf' b'p. y™"^. 

BY OWNER-LIVE OAK 
3 !•?, T^I^ MT. ft. of lovely llvl.-n 

L : x | r a s . SsrlnVcr Syslc.-Ji, <.arptl 

 covered pallo, ,% nicre. Lia. 
. 
_ 

All brlcu, jorco 3 lxdroo,-n, 2 boln twmc wi,-n ; car Qarcge, built Ini carpetfe-.Q, privacy feiKc, comer lot, ninica-ni^ po«esslon. Aiiumc 
IO-A 

 cqully or iradc. Cair now 
M, 
JACK MITCHELL 

833-57 IS 

 in y 
N 

 less Than $2o 

 s all Ihc cash you'll reed. 1-34 bod- rrcim, J LxilT-.Sj some cc<i|ra| ar end cpD.'.ancos. Anyone ton b-jy 
<4-33TI 
POP DC PAOLO 
J32-SJS1 

"No Down Payment 

Anyone can buy. Vel^ drwi'l yjo heir ellglullKv. 7-3-^ bedrooms, J a I hs, wwno ccnlrnl air orwi cpp'i- nets. M9oo to Si3,MO, Mosl sections 

I*-1o>1 
BOD De PAOLO 
512-SIS1 

CAST TERRELL HILLS 

All IwlcK, •! big bedrooms, 7 1-aH.s, ccnko) nlr. Plus*! carpel, rcfrln. 

CAM E LOT~l~By~Own er 

3 ?-?. ncn iwith flrcprnce, firlvccy 

 cnce o-1 Cul-Dc-Soc. Equity or.d 
• VA Locn. 6U-19JJ. 
7% Interest!! " 

>c;s Ihls sound fWEd? Thii cl-.arm- r.g 3 bcurcom home l-n* n 754 lean 
>nyabJe nl SJ39 per msnlh vsllh a ovt cnylly cf opprox. 57,ooo. The tecuhful ejartttfl lype kllchcn opens 

 n1o a spadoui cool covfrcri pcllo 
"•cr summer tomfcrl Q.-.U cnlcrlaM- 
IHI -It's perfect. WalX 
Fo sc^O3!i. 

CALL tH4»9 REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

TOWNHOUSE 

1 lar,ic beflrc-jmi, bolh \vll!i vnrJU1, tr.irol nlr, e*tra Itorarjc jpr -- 

 iooKir<G FOR: 

,-frr<Ni« o* llw clly,. UJl to.-ntfv 
.ii aNnasnlicrc? You nrjil sec 

 nls lovtlv 5 b?t!roam, 3 bolh home. 
;'s loll ceilings and I-UIK wUxJciV! 
- l e n nnvveloui alnioiWfCrc- Ol i air wiM lighl, fcolurci, r<vnlly 

 eoni, 11 r« n I o c c, bulM-'j> cleclr" llchenj cuito.m tile potto. No/! ail schco'i, nvony ejclroi loo nu- rrous lo i»ei)Hcfi, 
13111 LA V EN TAN A, VALENCIA 

BELMEADE REALTY 
I6o4i* nll«, 6S.1-W1 

$3,ooo Equity 

'A ASSUMPTION. Corner. I'rlvticy c-nco. 
3-J-2. Laroo fornwl dinlrvi 

 ooin, nia den. All ovrMcd. 73* 

ICK SUITt. 6W-3MJ. ANYTI 

REESE HENRY 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
DcnuUfuH J Ixtlrofrii, 3 tMith, dauhle w did f»i>lly room, ccnlrnl air 

<(i. 
3 
«froonii, 2 iwihi, ilcn, bull! In 

Intercom, rrlvocy t o r t c e d 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

 ir Ciiurchiil Schools"-j, 

. ilcry, ^ iKilrponi btoufv In Oflk 
Olcri \vilh 1 l>nlhj. family rwin wilh irrp'wff. electric kl'ch^n onil c.lroi 
•Vl*i '' ™' """*' ot IW1 I*1"1 

'lt< )HI «r 151.»M 

J>eanio Owens 

"" BY OWMSR 

.evMir brltk 3?.?. l.nroo vnnl llv. n"[|lrt'n[) IAO^I rFul ptliil'y xxxi] 

"OLD CAMtLOT" 

H3,ooo. 4 Miirotm h=nic. Ircshl pointed VVo'^ lo iwlm ck:b. tols o large tret* wllh Icncc and covcrct polio. 453 CSra nllti (55-853? 

Itfor?£o ItfWf 

REALTY 

^T .FIRST OFFE'RING * 
Cholto 3 bcJroom, 2 boJft, ? cnr no roye home wllh formal 6 Ir-lcrnxj dmlnp + family room. Located wilh 
In 3 biki. of OTI schools A shopphrn 
«ooo eq-jlly 
S, 7? 
- 

NOV/I 349-2A77. 

OEVAOLT&ASSOC 

* CrtSTLE HILLS TERRACE'*" n c o u l I I u I brick 4-7-j, \satX 16 3 fwlhca:; SchDoh, flrcplcce , forw 
>l. licnled s w i m m i n g pcor 
116 

RILL1U\\ ST, «i,ooo. 
P 

J>V. Kruughnn Real ElTalc, MI-IS» 

EL D'OHADO 

A home wllh ioirclhlr^ exlro Vm 

 l>cdroom suile w-IU His ci>d Her 
Die- vanllv1 ond tlovt, 
Fo.-n-.o 

^o ar.d dinlr.o foams with do'jbl oacc. A mus1 1o sec bclcrc buy 

GENE WILSON 

 oaki j'lode li all brick 3-3-? h\ prrsllgc cwco. Well alnlalnert v,11h' srxi- o-js M v l n o . Hires 

NKKLY & ASSOCS. 

342-3111 

, fenced yard,o "(1 eo 

J--dso 

 iv OV/NE-R •<?-?, NE schcoi*, close 
- Rar-dolpn rmd Ft. Sa-'i 
655-6643 igppl. KQ AGENTS. 

YBSTERD'AVS PRICE 

 i X 16 living-family raont will 
- r e p i n e c . 3 DIG lx-droon»s, . balru, 2 car na.ooc. FtJlly cofpeled 

•<?W <o;j,ly , MiJ mo. . 
Homeowners, 828-3535 

REALTORS 
ML! 

 i—Northwest I 

1Y 
OWNUR-Jcllcrion A r e a , 

 orgo roomi, carpeted, 1 alr-cerWi- tonej, ca'l 2?7-1«* between 8-S or 
35 3JS3 oiler 
6pn» a.id weekcrwrj. 

^_Appoln|rtxnl. No Aocntv 

ACROS'S~FHOM PAT~NEFF" 

><T Vi flcro Irce covcrc^l In) 
L 

-"^"S116 •<•?•' wHU bio tten. F-..r orprlcd, ccnUal tilr and buUt Ini 

 ne caverert p^llo. por pcoj>Jc wi.o 

ExpreK-News, Sunday, April 14, 1974 - Go|d«n Twjn-GrPw 9O 

Houi.i-Ni>rH.wttl J^21 aj |H«uni..Morthw««t| ma) 

"Old World Charm 

 with modern convoniancos. 5 bedrooms, 5 full baths plus 2 pov/dor rooms, 2 fircplacds, central air-hoat' quarlurs ond flroonhouso. 2 acres on corner lot A magnificent Spanish Estate with feoluros la numerous to mention. Call today for appointment. $98 ooo 

JMHRS. SERVIC6 

 e 

 j 
OAK HILLS TERR ACE' ldit\t S?C.lJlrj fb 

 itpc<alt li 

 td. Co)! V«> 

JEFFERSON AREA 

Eeflaliful ? j»ory o.i torcer, 4 ttic^mi, d«n, Lf'a^ iCiTi, li-'Jrg rcan, n-.edern tihhtn, got^ q,^ltrv fc'i Fcil SfC!i 

MEXICO 

 in rhii wtulo Sponiih Hixco wilh gaid«n coo;lycrd. 3-3-2, p!us poiiibfo 4lri bed^cxxn an a liccd acre wJlfi pool, cabana, MUCH 
MUCH MORE. Holmot Hi. 
$58,5oo. 
Ely ov/ncr 

435-o485. 

• Super Split Leve[ 

 frotJous 3 bcdi-Oo.Ti (syperb mai.'*r-J 
2nd lo/el. Tall lamlly roorn (F-pj ov/cr level. Llvlrvj, ulnlng rc=ms 
6lKlnc ItMchen Isr ltv«l 
CaX G'eri 

$14,5oo 

.LEAH 2 bedroom tome rwor SI 
•>au-lX Freshly polnled, IKW roof. ilce Itoor plcn. ftninance cr js.ooo ir.d aiiumc J94 m». JtlOIH, CVc. 

Mrs. Clean 

Ics luit Itilcd her ttomt v/llh u!1 
Jraltsl 3 bcdrocn«, 2 Mlhj, (en 

3 Bedrooms-2 Bafhs 

 roth 3 sldEs, den, fire place, living rC=m, ui;i 
Hy icorn, c^crjrred go rage with shcp space. ' 
555" '«_"'?_"i'< povct 

Don Smith Co. 

635-8^87 
3«-31o1 

COLONIES NORTH"" 

W o v e 
1n1o 
Ihl' 

 balh Jiorno 
En;oy Ihc s 
' - o da v! 
^-^ 
^s ti'.ur mu i w m m c r 

|"'«co,ercJ°po 
U|rl.dCA"lre«<"5^c3 

|°J cnd -T3nV: «xlras mrtc ihH o 
TOR! a*i-9i9i. SCE! $-*'7Wi REAL 
NayJorReahu 

FOOTHILLS 

Bcajllful trees s u r r o u n d Ihls bcdrooti>, 2 bolli tioire . In a (rrc ly rclghborhccd. SuntM 1I»Jm, ,«ir ond wiaicotllc ofl inmlirr su.lc 
S3J.OM. . 3J2.J2II ANYTIME. , 

- R|A 
BOSOWjS. KUNE 

6o39 ForeTTshadow ~ 

 l/i'^COIATG POSSESSION 

^OHIiST OAXS. lniSScuk.fi 3 bed c-jm, . I taltl ftOTM O.T „ |3.«sCOP<.d 
>L seporde d.nn HQ rcom, bfoulHu 

"""' ""1>r°c<'' 341-73o1. REAL- 

OWNER ANXIOUS 

-IICKY YOU I ^ ^Mroom tio,!P i^'/l^.''^:"."""'""."';^^ 

_ _ _ 

32oo SG}T'FT~ 

o1 fo-nlly Lv;nn M Ihls 4 lircfrcom xilh ,aicli conicm.-xiro™. Mosl un ual lor tuu who win! a d.llere 
' 

WE CAN'T D 

Wrllhaut yru. So we've loiL-nd a Jcve- 
Y, wfC.I^HiMt <-nd llveblc tto-iio lull or ycu tl's c:i fcrkk. has o scrxi- a!t d ! n I n t] ream, lorrrol llv'na ocm, pwirJcd den, c'cclrlc kitchen 

 bcJroo-in, ? exirn nice bo!ft" 

INYIIJML" ^u? i^lo*>" e74* 
C121 

SOW—' 

A I A L T O R S 

ROSOW & KUNE 

Just I.lslcd—WonT'Cist xirVllna 3 Kdrcom IU-.M. Ccnlrnl r. lorflo r>o"Hf, . workshop, dovb'c 
J8'J1oC. Kt.ws 
Jockk Mcrlh .!«• 

___KobyJlMlly 82S-o5CS 

SPANISH TRACE 

Boauhful courtyard en- 

Iry—Rich dark i1o,rt panoflng in beamed ceiling family room—Lov«!y fi/cptcxo — 3 lorgo bedroomi — ExceUenl itofOQe oncf close). 
In 

Hollywood Pork. 
'(I RALPH 694-5327 
HmnsTRong 

K^ollyr 
Cnl 

Quality Plus Comfort 

In Leon Valley 

Price reduced on this 
3 

 beH/oorn 1 holh home. Man/, many rr.an/ extras. 

Coll For Delali Tocfoy 

653-6333 

. 
Hansen Real Estate 

• Anyone for Tennis? 

AND TV/o TREED ACRES 

'wjr-T I story 5 lovejy bccfrocrnl, 

 l^ains. pla/roo-n h c h i l d r e n '5 
'i/vj. Gicrlo.5 family /3cm, living, in.-.ff, onu brcoklail roo-ni. Ccm- 
!efc kllct^en. 3 llreprocti 
Ter.nls 

=url. Hill C o u n t r y Villcot- HE chscls. A t™y. 826 tt«. 

KENDALL 

Decorator's Delight i clejanl country home on Vv acre 

 rour Icrgc bifirooms, o sludy lh;«e 
>3l^s, rxid 3 hffofcd pocl rn-r.c Ir.fs lirhiy llvcnle ramify 
Home ye 

 uxvrJauj. This preiHgB fto.iw [nccr- wroles nurr.ero^s u-ilque ccr.venl- 

:r>ccs | ln«l mov.G coming home a 

R C A I T O R S 

LIKc r.e-« 3.7-2. slmJy. I o m'l I y cam, fireplace, large lal. 
£?1-|7S| 

Ultm " n ' ° Mo-'T1ccrtvncrs Assoc colonies north summit 

3 BEDROOM, 2 BATH 1>EN 
Unutuol hrkk home. Fully rfrapeo 
Icn o p c n I n g onlo coverod polio 
J ci i 11 -I n klkhen, centra] air cm leal, 2-cor ollcehed goros«. Aisumr 
CHA loan cr rcllrwnce. Immecian 

STERLING BURKE 

REACTORS 
'_ ' ttt-gy 

H'o'L'LYW6OD~PARK ~ cuylilul brkk 3 bedroom, 2Vi bol 

 hcnw. Family Toom is 7.V wilh tk-a 
Utvtace. A soacltm home o^ poik 
" orcunds. N.E. schosls. Imrr- 
. 57fi,SOO. 

DOQ SHULTZ REALTY 

IEE SCHOOL 

-J-cpt 3 bedroom 2 balh hot 

DC llvirorocm v.-flli bar, dfr a, vccunl and reejy for you 
Only »l*,fOO.M1-9l«. 
* 
V " 

Just LlLlcd In Jeflerjcii. Ve>y r.Ue serfrooni home wllh srpcwa!e tf.'i na, RtMuMlul Irccs. C1csc lo shop 

_Itgby'Reolty S28-o5C8 

3erfect Family Home! 

S p a c i o u s 2 star brick honie wilh . 

 ovcnlicd bdrmi end 
? ckjb b«1hi. Localcri 
In lovely CaslJo MHli 

 i-u - -. ii v cJi J c n I 1o Hi' schools 
MVl»> 
SC:' °' WI'7iI>- REALTOR. 

NcwlorRcaltu 

IT'S TIME . 

Valley golf club. Fenced yard! 

Valk lo bus. in.SW. CALL TODAY! 

Ox 

 n W.-ilsnerir.g OaVs, mcgnllklent 2- 
1?ry cnVv, oarden rcom, pJjsli cor- e'ctl sunken HV^IQ room, unaivcl nd cn1ro Icolurcs In Mill 3-3-2 Cus- 

 deslciVxf trie* ho-vt? on ocV. 

 reo fxlvoey fenced lol lhal yci; 

. 

REQUA RoALTY CO 

BY OWNER 

Jica-nlonc" Oaks, 3 7-3, o possible 

Ih bcrfrosm, bccullrul Jol, 51 oak real. H7,5». 34I./S53 

COLONIAL HILLS 

 e dCJcrllxsi IWj 3 I 

ThunderJ]lr3~jiffij 

 orty Amcrfftw, UrfrV, i bcdroonM 
£ v e r e c i rxilfo, «cxilnrt!e flaSTcn 
J» iiionrwy. AlliMiie VA orxl Ocul- v- u*_£l*ncJ'_' &<<-5njr 
' 

~ 
U;E- 

TJIWITZ 

SCHOOLS 

 bedroom. 3 ixiih. «l.7». Vntonl. cc-illy rta^fitffi. n«ity fo see — iv to llnnnce, I:HA, VA, or as- 

 ume ^U** toon, lie tne lint on?] 
-" Ml•))$•!. y.Walkof J. BafncbD'y 

 ir HOLLYWOOD PARK * 
:k 
3-3^ Dcrt^ GreenfiOuje, HJ'i 

Srxwhh 4-7, (Hfi, Onk ille-VtO'} 

W.H. M»\YI!R <M JHI, iffllOS 

-olonios N'orlh Summit 
A fovely fifnie *ii perlctf co-vll 

Inn, 3 irrlroamv. 7 ttrcornlrtr (xillij ivor jivinn d«niiK] rown, p o r t e l f i 

7*«L nHe\ 3<l-«37(' FIE-A1.1oRS.* 
Aitt For JOHN FLOURNOY 
FL^U 
NRNOY 

 nlalci tn larca ccyn:r lol, Many film Italuro, 157^oo. 
' 

Norm Dlaiicliaul 
311-7135 

Thii prclly ] bcdrtoni, mioin 

Tills prelly 
3 bedroom. H-j faalh 

 oir.e will pleoie yeur lunilly. Clese g school* ar.d sfiepplni 
«-«H 
Miles IJI-14J; 

Caslle Hills Hsfafes 

CO\M: nuYI Vo-jll te rjloU you did. 
Ill Kie Uslnlcf on:l Liiarr . }1COOC<I 
A More Inmily rw-nc win. nrlvnty for all. rive hcrfroomi, 3 full bfilhl, 
o1,1 plcn'y ol living orer. ID l»ool. 
Muoc covcr<rt pnl.o. privacy fe-cc(l yo.'.l oncl loadi til i1i>ra3e. I, ih'i inecu yn'.ir nepdj. ^c rerw»u;enj c.ulck njlon. SUtsm ANYTIME. 

REALTORS ._^__AM.S__— _JM*OCn 

Don't Miss These ^ 

Anyone con bjy v.A. owned homei. 
3 bcdroonii, 1 and 1 balht. (13 move 
In. r<r,ancl^? Avallaulff. 
824-4521 Turner glty. 
Two Heavily Woo[lctl~Acrcs 
.13o* Irc.ito^o on ni2!rt arlcry. Lcsi 

2 nvics from Ch'jrchlll HI in a 

 leflX j|Ul al Ihls (ail develop'nn. 

 aicn. Scclfflrd flrw 4 bcdrconi cui- lom h=n,p wllfi all dcilrcd appoint- monls. Olhcr jovTI mojonry hulld- 
Ir.q, air coiwllllonc.l cid healed 

 a-, 

R I A L T O R i 

ROSOW & KLINE 

GRj/Vf 

IIOMr (or ENTERTAININOI Uamt n « \ C K PATIO W3lh T\VO rr,l- 
RACES, noaolllul \rtcs. rirfniacW lonviy rcon>, lornxit IK'lnp (w t t^n. 
Ino looim. 4 Iwdroo.-iii, 3 Eolhi, «n- rror eletlrlc cvcrylhli^lYou.' on.-icr- 

 l u n J t v lo llvff In r«i;STIGlOUS l|rjl.l.VIVDOD MARK. o lit roil ol 
W5.oM. 

Co, 

<?AS7lE HrtlS " 

Spoctoui brick lKnu-llv,'ncKAon», il'n- 

Io:nil, 2 bolhs. F'/clly p ti r f| u C t 

CAROLYN GHAIIAM RCALT^ORs" 

" "NtfAR LtE HIG'H 

 rjKwmlno eon I witiw rory vrilh one 

1,1 rno living rur.i wllh carrvcdml 

 ccUSfnn. 4. lic.lroo,>ii, 3 bolln, <hcef- ful klltfieii. tw.ulirXB. 34I.7W1, rtlftl 
J4I-7/M. RCALTOHS. 

A»X TOT OUVC DIZZHLLG 
FLOURNOY 

MOVE SIGHT IN 

 lk to o-^s end ihcrplrvg from. clichtiul J t^drocni home, ta 

' 
~ "rp;IW- poncl 

R E A L T O R S 

ROSOW^A KIINP 

 l)Tv N~Yt>o iTow NTAiHT" lefKilIfully londscr.ped Vt acre. 
3 i^rooni tVt bntrt. dcu!>!c Flieplnce. 
Loroc living ood family rot>rr>, sepo- 
'ale dlnl^nrooni. 
Central o'r, all 

-•rrclrlc klUhcn. Appro*. 2?oo sn, II. 
^l.S3o. £91oo2o. 

BO_B_FOSTER_ 

THfS IS REA'L N'fCe 

 sr your Inmlly. Itni 2 bedrooms 

 cmd <»n eiflm rocni. Alio o spO' cloui Mvlr.j ti-wl lonvlly rnsni. Air candilior.cd crw) iforofte. Noithcail 

 ichjoU. Coll 3^9-UJl, evenhai Svn- ilays 7JJ-7i3J. 

525o lYcdcrk'kslniri! Hi!. 

BY OWNER ....... " 

 ei in n.!^/ yoi< Eo honipj 'To/ r.nle y o*ncr" nl i>o coil to v>j. Cn!l t7-?3?i 

5on AnlanlB llomtawneri Mwe. , 
'SKAVAN'6 P 
' '" 

In alnvoil rui ncrv v*« dove o oor- ftoui 3 hlJroorti (mrultr has illl^iQ ircn) ttporolo )l»^iy on.-> ii;n!no 

.luoe den wllh many L>Jilln> and llrcplace. 14MUI 

ADAMS HILL 
BY OWNER 

I year old, 3 bedroom, single living area home v/ilh fireplace. Wol] landscaped with fish- pond arid v/a Ier fall. 
Low Equity, Doctor be- ing transferred. 

$ 3 3',-l oo. -Principals only. 

674-6851 

Colonies Nort 
' OjoHy-Chcici- Kil-'iili've- [ligctt 

- (o-ufwl • Tmi^e - (e-iteri*.il - * 
Vjkt lit oil il Ihii 3-2.2 w,lh ' 

DOUGLAS A.TRIMBtE 
) 

DEllVIEW AREA 

M yord.Usr.rh«n. 
UL 
I N V E S T O R S 
BfMTORS 
828-564) 
MIS 

JUST LISTED 

Rolling Ridge 

Clou lo Citiul'tvi. 

Midkal Cintei, UTSA 
Now For Sale 

4838 Shadyda/e 

6(«,trfi,l b«rf, 4 Pj|*o»mi, ? boihi, 
IMS ^. It, M&wett rf.iiM. poctftd fanly room cud briiklon ana, 
, 

(»OT. llf.iilnd ?<ci s«[»s«, ludu«Id rcrd,(ld«(ovirtdpQlo. 

 fiySaunders & 

Trieschmann, 

Realtors 

COLONIES NORTH 

 cftke ar 4\l\ bed/oom, 

 end dlnlr.g /com over 

ENCHANTED 

FOREST u o v e i y ^ Mdroom, lamlly roam, b u 1 1 1- 
>nx. 
Very clean. 

Treei. clofi lo an tchgcls. Ntw 

, 
Jivlnj area 

 jcce,_by o^r.er. tSj-lisa 
ALCON TlS H E'fCHl S". 3 blOrvwvn me v/llh 3-car saraye. 119,ooo BY 
VHER. 
- 

3JI COHTtHENTAL cauMfuHy dscaroied, i ixdrosms 

Deri-cenlral rxjaf olr stove 

It's Our 'Pleasure 

> be Ihc first to iha-rt Ihls Isvcly 
^Fom tvllt bOfTJC In CcsHc Hills t?3 it?, ft. cl -ipJIl Icvct beauty. 
JielOfJi livrno roo.-n, terraralc -"- 
9 rcom, bccuNM fumily /t^,,, 
Ih o llrcplacc. Charming study, d d rooms, gcryecui caveied polio d m u c h - m u c h nr.we. $75.ooo. o*/n by ar>polnlmcnt enly. 

CftLL S24-3J19 REALTOR 
' 

Grace Arnold 

5 Bedrooms 

 bs scpcralc llv:og, dining, den. on ioufiful lot with trc«. Covenicnl 
• ichools n-r| sh.opfilnri 
LUCILLE 

 lERSCHY/ALE W-134\7 ZU-Xti. 

_ 
_ 
__ 

FIRST 1JME OH MARKET 
• 'Colonies North O 
Dreamy" Inskfc an:l cuf. Cap ro, 

?, den. Air eond.ttonrd. fii;ilt-]n 
. Double oarage. "So clean ' 

 rulurc Business Location ilhlna to spend on this cxUo nk_ 
•com hwne on HlWcbrcnd. Good vcstrmnl. 116.JOO. 4M-7V2o, 713-7773 ijohenberger-Collins 

Lee "Hfgh Area 

GREEN MEADOW ESTATES 
Ul GREEN MCADDV/ 

VACANT — MOVE IN! 

 rmkig oil tr|c|( 3 bctircofTi J-onic. ly d«ora!«d Ins kit? a-.d ovl. Dea- 

 tlfirt frfgl Joctfon. C o s e fo ul| 
Malli. Lo-rV TO'S. 674oJ37, 7AVOOU. 

EULAII /.\AE KELLER, REALTOR 

CONDOMINIUM 

VOJ dfSlr<r Qcccloui living h-l x\\ ivo-il la wark (or It, this Ei III irrcccui bedrooms, 2'/i balhs. Mv- irxooin V.MH fireplace, icr»ara:c di-t- ig, flower slmMcd |iatlo, iwlrii club id sauna- J4(-I*Ji 

F^IRSf TIME ON MARKET 

• 'CASTLH HI LtS • 

 ichonlinrj while brick. Double deer ilff lo craclw/i Ifw'n-j rtom a.id 
1 (I D, g l a s s e d In privacy ojnds. Fo.-nlly, dining roam. 3,1, 
Mce. Eieclrlc three ut. Asiunwbtc an. Price VHJ.5oo. 336-23.17. - 

DON'T BL'AME US you nils* icelng tiits 1hrc« betf 

 soni rvcor Caillo Hills, before ll's 
)LD. Only ilo.XO. 

AL/REN R. BARIstfBEV ok' H i I ti" Terra co~HomeT"fiuy "owr- 
, 3-U, fcrvccd >ard, palkJ, central cat and air, den w>1U flrcpiccc, all ppllances. Assymc 7% loan. J7,ooo 

Ll JS_M5M. 
2-J, In Mcoitow vllfofje II, co;n«i 
I, fi/cp'acc, shc(] carpcT, riroocs or, (Ire alarmj, will-Jf SOflner, i covered polio, 7*i loon, ova'-'a 
Jime. Rqully, 4772 jxiymenls, 

 illowcod—Uve 
In ihlT* "crcilloc il YOJ have a t r e n d y cdi-Jrtxl ovely 3 bcdroonis, 2 bafhi, ? car tro^e, \viih ol( me exlros. lor u-; 
T UP.CCO. Coll now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

JS71S 
«3flMO 

56-225o 
696-o517 

_ 
_ 
. 
_ 
_ 

4o1 STORE YWOOD-Prlce~Reduced 

S roon-.s, ccwpetlr.a, h«o|-alr 

-1411 
C. 
RESPDNOEK 
533-1oo7 

HIULCOUNFTRY 

BLANCO, T€XAS bedrooms, 2 barhj, 2 car narocc ilh Ion o1 jtoragc. Mod&rn Slfchcn f rooms paneled ond carpeted Irvu- 

- 

ASTER S P E C I A L . 3-2-7, Itriced ord, ceiilra] heatalr, taroe Farr.liy 

 ccm. Close to UT5A ano Veterans 
'siT^'oni15'9oo cqw.!ly °°d ossunw 

"COIONIHS-NOHH 

OPEM SUNDAY 1 'TIL 6 
Icnlal charm In lh!» beaufllul 3-2- 
Prlvccy fence, tovered pallo, wc- 
" sollnor, 

3)77 OLD FORGE i?i-3313_SmaUviood Rtalty ^K-7371 

_ 
WAIT, 

 uji sell now. Valencia model plan 
•7-?, r.c,v carpet, ir.lcrcom, - plin. 
*W IXh. Mckc rjficr — 1«rms open. 
.!AURgN K. BARNEBEY" 
„ LEOK VALLEY",. 
Y. Owner, Spaikllna 3-J-2, Sunken v-ng room, pa-elecf dM, flrcokic*. rap;], corner M. Eq-jlly ond o1- 

CHARACfeR PtUS 

 mrrwcu'aie TrI-fevcl hcme in bcau- lul^ Layrel Hills. 3 bedroom,,Vfy 
— 
- sprinkler cvvd nwny o-mwr. 

WARD REALTY r 
;J-" .* 696.1545 *- 

LARt3E OLO ROCK HOME 
' 

VW.IB llr«!occ In tig llyl^ riSn. J. 
'.1-3. lormal dmln^, covered pocb, cniral olr, oak llm>. 1oJX176 ur 
V^e 
Jcckian. 
Assgn-e 
S1I9 

"calrtii 
°n<y U3'2SO- oM-JHI. 

EASTER SPfCfAL 
DON'T HOP PASS THIS AD 
S!"!1* >"m:" ;'<"" ma ond pa 
OK lo move lo (urge TICSI anrf ore 

 cody lo 51-11 Ihls Immoculoro J-M 
••~ cKtoralcrs loucti In I c r r l l l c 

JAYLOR BEAL ESTATE, JII.SX2 

NCA"R"jbHN~JAY~HfBH 

 fcJo71l REALTO R S 

SKY HI teiUKG 

 icry wifr, |ou o[ spcce ,n lhj, j^1 
II. RoluKd lo Vlsiooi TlK I, n 
>col Ih? markd • cpp^lunllyl Cell 
• GEORGE FLOOD • 

GLEN OAKS 

:lrn nice 3-?-?. all 
\vhitc brick, 

 a-j1llullr nralnlalned 
7-ycor okJ n-e. Lorijc roami, corpetetl, c_s- in trapes, flrcp!c»ce. A hcn-c to proud of. i3J-71CO. • 

Enchanted Forest 

:ouhl!o 3 fxdrooni 1 balh rmiu. ilil.iM end built by Jcb 
Krcy. 

•er ^1oo ia, fl, calhedral beamed 
-ilr.g In la-nlly room, p'ui large 

SPiC AND SPAN -A- 

 c-lly 3 tedracm, new carpel, off nce-JccVvcn. immcdiaio occtpan- 
. CoJI I13-54H ANYTIME. 

 ff. 

REAL ESTATE CO. 

3- H T-oVrtl" llTfl i "s M . SCO" VA~F;lf A~~ 

-7frIO AiirCrlcoo R«"[V 22f»77 cutgte 
J bedrooms, 
2 bains ti'vijing orca, I«mn1 dnrnrj, soi schooli. Central h«l. ar 

 r.dlllcr.cd Haiy 1emu. \VI!I trade 

JACK MITCHELL ox»_ _ _ 
__ 
_ e.'g (-sns \ 

HIDDEN •CREEK" 
' 

2 STOKY 

 ntaco!c'o Colonial slylc, 
<! bcd- nis, hano v,l!h forn-.al living onn lno room, lamlly looni wllh [.TO- f, tarfje oamc roo-n, tfoo&rc 9o-1 e With electric eye dosr. Many 

OPEN-OWNFR 

1231 MT. RIGA 

Yecn Dlcnco o-j kocVc Illli Scl 

 ina 

 t«-rro<yn, J yn3r old Colon'ol. All iv)cn:e$, nil Inrce Irnc^il vnril. lunla/ oixl Sun:lay. 1o4. iCC nr.tf 

" 
WOULD I"Vbu"pCL"lt:VE*" 

W irj. Ct. for $13.ooo, ? btdroom naratd rf'rtinn room, living roo,vi, n, modern Vlfclitrt, eorparl, iior- c itttJ, corpeh* droMi. W% fl 
'_ . 
. 
, _ _ _ 

J engliih charm 5" jlory 4-¥fa1i iKirlpri, cloio tn, e»cijilf6 cue a 
1,«o. Jll Mnry Uulia nr. 

T:' YOUR V/ANf AD-7 

AND COZY 

 bedroom home In Apple Pie condl- on. Many exlra touches. Oil W«t 
T«is°"""»-"""«" 7M,,,, 
CMR4 BEliE o11HER 

No Down $2o'Closing 

*V'>jK>_WAYJiE SLATGR 
475-11oo 

$17,75o 

NeMj-wcds or rcilred couple, wc 
5?* p.o clcan «rner ^o b«dr«ir- aea hanie for '— * 

ONLY ONfe 

II k(nd. Cwlom deiltM 

. 
., 

 niO i (n llvJ-q-cil.".Ing area 
L« 

 cvcl e'en wlrfi fireplace an.d 

Xir, cUccrfuf f.'cclrlc kitchen 

Olf Callflfjfian Rd. 5 bedroomj, J 
Ixilhs, k)« e q u I I y. ro qjaltfylng, 

 cr wJ| iradc. Call no-w. 
„. 
JACK MITCHELL 

— _ ___ 

OELLVIEW 
" 

REDUCED TO siMMt 
-oiy 2 bedroom tieme, h\tgt ^ady 

 cd yard. Paneled and carpiled g ofeo. Alr-Cofldltler>ed. 
Nam« 

 r 
Co" Brtfea *Iarlman 

 i IJ.LHWJML i bmh, CT\ ire< covered crn-r. iJS.SOO. NorlhUde schooli; 

"n u s IN E ssTe XECU i rvT~«»fec IAL ic.v 4 bedroom, over 
JOOO iq it 

Kv:nrj area. •) acre Jot. J'cy «SW o.itl move JT. $72,5oo 
OXMo71 wni S»lrviey 
OXMo71 

"OlMOS PLACE 

Cory J tjcUroom \ balh, orvly IV 

...:c<t'yarJ, new no'rvl and roof' 
14.5oo. 
REALTORS-MLS - ""' 

D'OU. HOUSE 

. 1 vcofi flVJ—J Udroom, I1/* 

:o(ih. jccnlrol air, heal. On aultt 

WfllCOME SPRING 

3 bcdrocnn hoi^. 

 tuiiUv rooiiiP larov kllchen'wlrti hr*.akfflii o/co. c. t n t r n i lK4l-oir. 
Fenced yord. I 
6\>y CAiprMft Co, 

HCALTQHr. ~ ML3 
— 
3<< XHT i) )»4"CT"A," ~t\ a I o Vi f s 

JltfO equity, W> mi. |? (jJrrn.l 

7JMOM 
SRAMIMLL 
7M -7H* 

, Sunday, April 14, 1974 - Golden Twin 

Hollywood Park 

LoveV 5 btckoovn, 2 ilory. homo, 2Vi decorator barhi, cental ofr-hwl, fireplace, tor- pflling, cuitom dVopei. UHlily room, itoroge. Terra no flyer and olher extrai. An 1m- maculate home, beautifully landscaped with piivcKy fence lor the d\ seeming buy ST. 
$62,ooo. 
696-992o. 

69 4-6t>91. 

— - - 
Rolling Ridge 

Mtdiial Ctntir, UMA 

5 Bedroom Home 
3 bath, tiYmg-c?>n:ng combfna- 
I ton, paneled family room, ytiijjy room, fintihea rfovble 

 it, 4 *We> rock, mtercom. 

By Sounders 
TriescJimann, 

Realtors 

68MSS1 
CS4-344J 

FOREST OAKS J STORY 
Lorge level/ Spanish 4-7-2 with, sepa- 

WHITEHEAD- 

HOLLIDAY 

No tfdwn pai'menT. $2o cFoslng coil. ooyon« ccn buy. Conven'ent lo Kelly and Lackland1. 4 brdroomi, 2 balhs, 
1irsl payment Ui June 
344JC11 
JOB D> PAOLO 
511-il" 
* OFf= KAUSMANH RE>. Loroe 5 bedrooms, 4 baths, not everylMng plus game room, heeled sw'jnmlng poo), trc« shaded lat. Coll loda yfor dctafls. 
6TS74M WAYNg SLATER »2-74U 

FOREST GLEN 

Lo*9c cw.tf \ol with (oft of OoV ond 
^¥itd Perilmmon, Brfck home v,Hlh 
5-jnken family room end frtp!<x«. 3 bcdfoomir 2 bomi, ctooblt goroge, 
Eoiy QSiumpHoo. Owner onxloui. 
676-oo2o. 

BOB FOSTER 

•BY OWNER-APPOINTMENT 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 

7o1s Farrow, Spactojs Spanhh Slylt 
Hsmt, larfft corner lot, 3 large bed1- 
•oems, 2 oaTrii, living room, family 
•oom wld brick fireplace, separate i r t a k / o j j arsrr, double garaye, 
34.5oo. Aiiun^rwn or Convenllanoi. 
-J?Bi,_ 

-ISEPLACE Enchonlea Horesl. 3-2- 
*. almoit rew, walk 1o ichosli and ihe^pJng centers. NiKs 414-9342, 734- 
1487, 69-I-24W. LOU 
FORKS 344-23o9 

_ «nled Fores!. Spa clou i house, 

-omlly r«vn, breaXfo jt orea. Woi k 
- stncols. Kites 4I4-5W2, 7JI-46«7. 
JW FORKS 
^SESl 

>ELLVIEW-OFF* VANCE JACKSON 
••-HA,, carport, ceniral heat ond air, 

 el, fenced, Dy Owner. 341-5733, 

WALK TO EVERYTHING 

En;honled Forest. 3 bedroom, fami- ly riXKn wllh f!r«p)ace, Wo% moio.-.* 
, 7344637, e?4-24«. 

344-23o9 

 rriles 3J1- 
LOU FORKS 
Low 

EXKUTIVE SPECIAl 

Luxury 3 bedroom, 2 bolh speeiam hsme In C*sll* Hills. F«rn»l dining. hunja tftfl with firtploci^ eovind pa tio, cvittm dnp«i, IBTOJ io> win- 
, many Nit trtei. Paul 

Professional 

6V6-S33o 
• REAlTr 

Move rlfftir inlo thlj larce 4 bed- room, 2 bctti, fien, bull! ins, carpel, ccnlrol heat-air, fTreptace, 145o mo. 
Rent or leoM with cpllcn to byy. 
Take 1 mbutt 1o Liqulrc. Exicullve 
Heolly I24-13<5 jl: j. 

Whispering Oaks 

4 bedroom 1 bo IK Sparvish beauty on oaV covered lol. AM cuitom built ex- 

SPLfT-L'EVFL 

Vhlsperinq OaVs. 4V/1, Kvlngrocm, 
11 n i n g r D o m, lireplac* in family cam. Too mcny cxlras lo mc.nH&n 

NORTH LOOP, INC, REALTORS l«;»3* 
826-63D1 

• Oak Glen Pork •" 
Chormlng ond cMKerent split level 3 
Uuperb masJer btdroom). Fomlly rown (wof.'ed fireplace on tower lev. 
,i iiuin^*i«i™ reorrr. E l e c t r i c 

BOB JONES 

NO CITY TAXES 

4-2-1 Loaded 

FOR ONLY HI* MONTH 

NEW HOME IH NOATHSICE 

SCHOOL DISTRICT 

KOYALCREST, INC, «H-«11 _ 

GREEN MEADOWS. Imrfyicgliill! 1 bedroom, 2 both, ond den. Ycnj musl i.cc Ihli one. caK 34M666; nllei 

3H -«n. 

* CO. IHC., REALTOR! 

4 
BEDROOMS 
Enchcnied "Forell. 

Spsctccjs 'lia'jM. Fomllyrooni, break- lair area. Wo% lo school*. Nile] 
«<?»?. ;]<•<«;. LOU FOBKS 3<l 

SAD'LY NEGCECTHJ 

 bul VrfF 
1 L-BUILT *> •'ccni home 1n 

Los Anjslfi Holi. Owner will rede- ccralr m ard oul at Si4,1oo or buy os Is and MTYC »t'l. 6V&-992o, 733- 
Hohenberger-Collins 

-A- TOW^4V1EV/ ^ 

BY OVYNEU 

3-3-3, cenlrcl htal, air, carpels, 
Icrcom, 9o1 fCrnjf, V* brkV, fence aid llniin*d go raw. CaAvkr.enl la shopping Cenler N.S. Schools, Med 
Cenler and Kelly. «.«» Eqully, As 
5<jn* J5CO mofllh. 7% Loon. 4M 

LIKE TREES? 

 love i... _ 
, 

 i "Family horn*" • 

G\)y 
Go. 

— 
ML& 
— 

""T7>P OF SAN AUTOHIO 

Fully ccr^led 5-2-2, with huge a-x3 
Hying arco. 
Covered polio, 

 ceniral c'r, larg* lre« txi 195Xt7S 
(of. 
Off 
H'Tcreit 
Or. 
Jeff 
" 

Lo»qlci:ow s c h o o l s . Aitume monlh. Total only UU». £14-3711. 
Pcallors. 

WH1TEHEAD- 

'-. . HOLLIDAY 

! ! IMMACULATE I ! 

3 kc<?roo?n b/kk home 
In quiet 

 nelf^bort.ood. Beamed celling family r o a m , cenUal^cleclrlc everyl^ngl 
PRETTY PRIVACY Y^ROI H?, 

Co. 

REALTORS — 
MLS 
— 6S>7341 

V/alk to L€* High. Lovely 3 bed looms, IVj both!, central heal>olr, easy 1erms. Allvm* $14? pfr mo. o1 refinance. V^.ll I rode. 
5W «)1 
DOB Dl PADLO 
511-5U1 

* OAK HIU.S TERRACE. 
3- 

 skive, lotrJIy room, air, p r i v a c y fence. 5% down. WU1 I rod*. m-7«JO WAYNE 5LATEft *H-Om 

FOR SALE • OY OWNER 

EXCELLENT LOCATION, 3 bed fcwnt, 2 faalhl, kvoe covered pallo, 
6 frull (reel In lara« fenced yard, aV c o n d i t i o n e d , rricc condition 
FJEISD. 119,5oo. A t i u m t or retl ncnce. 142-«3o, &4J-5S7/. 

Upstairs-Downstairs 

OVER 71oQ SQ.FT. tmnvxuto'e, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, trick floored entry cy*d den, oor 
<ictHj5 oak covered lol. Ativn've low t.-.lercit Joai or reliance. Churhll 

MARjig HORTOU 344-3141, 4l3-S»3 

BOB JONES 

NEV/ HOMES In Oak Him. Oak 
4H:(i TcrrcC*, U n i v e r s i t y Oaki llorlht/n HUrs, Sen PWro Kills. Ca. 

"l=OR~SAUMRy '6w nii rr*C«orirVol ley 
Areo. M, cenlralolr, co/pH fenced ypfii.J.ow_eo.ulty; 6t4>»7J. 34J-OQ59. 
'if aiAKrett OAKS if 
First OffirUw on this Spacious t S1o- ry btojly. Ovallly bull! Fnls o!l tetfrooms, huge living room, t, l e n g t h family room. 3 decorated bolhrooms, OflyW* porctjir, prlvocv fenced, many buHII-lns thf^-^vOut 
M:o*n on a moments notice. 

Deanle Owens 

ADAMS HI LI 

, (Coronodo) 57-t, cenlrol orti 

T-BI*D HrLU BY OWHEW 

Sp4it-(ivel| 3-1 Ond din uplfofrj; llv 
Ing dkilngj f amity roomj 3 car oa ragcj covirtd polloj rnony *«i"H po-/ cqultyf 5yt% VA Toon. 

I 

GREAT BUY 
' Uitty hwi, ? be*»ra, 1 Wih. lt«r «tn frf«. iTmoulali 
WliNt J1MSO. 

I N V E S T O R S 
REALTORS 
J28-5M1 
MIS 

^mCEKHHJCED* 
Wlli «tl V.A., 1 lergt bedrooms 1 both, Hvfftfl «nd dining cna, potl»/ toll «l flora?*. Catl 
I 

11+4111 
HI let KM 747 bedroom home In D r e a m l a n d 

>cks. Large llvhw, dining, den tt tfeal for entertaining. BeauUful Oak levered yard. NE icnaoJs. 34.t-tu~ 

FOREST OAKS lMji 4 beUroonw 2 story honw, 

 convenient to Loisi, Med-'cal cen! and USAA, by O*w. 6JVOEQO 

CASTLE HILIS 

Owner has (or sa'e lovely 3 bed- 

, J bath oil bricX honw wllh 2 ottacncd parog*. Eleoa.it pa- 

 neiied home-office. Separate LtvinQ- 
Xnkvj orea, ta/oe family room with 

In Bar-B-Q and j on laroc fenced 1 cnJy. 34MXB1 

. 
. 

By oppohntm«nl 
___ 
___ 

4 BEDROOM BEAUTY ~ 

Carpet Ihrcughaut. Alt eltctrlc kllch- en. splil-Mvel. Located oaK jHlili 
Terrace. Woltt to eelmentary. 
82 8-6 Ml 

SNEttAttDOAH 

211 MHUteod, Dy Owner, 3 bed oomi, 2 full baths 1 cof garage, all lecfrtc kitchen, luEty carpeted, cuv om made dropes, color cord'naled. ovired pallo. privacy fence. 129,5oo. 
Assume or relWicnce. No Agenti. Ely oppdntmenl. 696-4797. 

BACE 'AMD FREEDOM 

This J bedVooni 3 bam home K |i,il wlwt you need. ?eoo sq. ft. home h« 

 ffrep'acei, central aTr, den, and fee or (uK*-* molds qworterj. 3 r ocrroge, workshop ond tloblei. 
),SOO. KA-KO6. 
BOB FOSTER 

 mony Hilli. Prelty 4 betfroo, . 

 tatet, f a TI\ 1 J y room, fenced vcrd. 
Neo.- school*! NartS Star, etc. 

Jeavlrvg. 

FOU SALE—By Owner 

-OTQC 3 Bedroom Plus houic with 2 
Balhs. Fully ccrpclcd with d ropes. 

•• In patb, targe corner 1o\, 

' 
"' car gorasc. 

This 3 csd.'wm u^ balh reeds care ard cfeonTng. Lovv equity. 

BURKHAROT 828-6235 
HJF W. COMMERcVrcor Acrr.e 
Id., 3 bedroom, carpel, covered po- 
'», borbeque pit. Norhlfig down VA, moll dojvn FKA, 
ROYAL CROWN 
S3>9131 

 ieauilM J bedrcom, 2 bath all brick living room, di.iing rcom, 2 
Jens etc. Chit 1o Lockkmd. S.V>. 
Research, o.11 UTSA. 
Rcy ftotho 

Real Eslale, 674-52«, 674-2o96. 

NO AGENTS PLEASE 

Open Set. & 
Sun., Beautiful 
32- 

Br:c, pai:«i bvilUnj. tl?loles Par 
Es!a1e£_695-3769. 
' 

By Owner-leon Valley 
2-2, separate living room, partc'cd, nd shuttered dcnr with llrcploce ictf carpet, Im^.cd garace. fence" 
J^endcd potlo vrllh junroo[._c84-5olj: 

Colonies Nortb Culonial bfFck, 3 brdrocm 2 balh, double 

 finished flcraje. 
CerJral air end 

•Oct. Drapes, TV or.lenna Intercom yitem. Laro« bay vilndows on qylct 
'l-dt sac. Assume or refinance con- 

 nllonol. U4,SOO. ttA-oo2o. 
BOB FOSTER 

ANIMAL LOVERS 
: 

Acre Instfe toon. 4 Dr, 2 balh, iMevcl. Loaded fniWe, plus horse b>, dog run, end swim poof. Re- 

 uced lo SiS.OOO. 
Homeov/ners 828-3535 
. 

ILS 
REALTORS 
HLs! 

Bring the Easier Bunuy 
J IMls dorlfng nest wllh 3 bedroom), tnirai o/r, . lovely chomJcllcrs ond 

 a.I the goooTcs. S37.SOO. . iioby jlealiy 828-o5C8 

" / 
/ 
CLOSE IN^ 
[/ 
I/ 
LAUREL HOTS. 

 bcdVoomi, 2 balhs. Spactoul elder 

•wmc «n exceiimt condition o.i toroo o>. Pecon trees, tig trees, priced al 
,nly 533,5oo. Call [o «e this cnt. 
-I JIS4. 

/ Wbiltef'J. K'ornebey 

THUNDERBlRD HILLS 

•14, sepofa'c (J.nlno and aen, cen- 
/ol air, range, rpfilgerolor, Te pallo, para.-jet Itoors, eaully, ass^ ix% F»IA HM ma. or buy on r.cw 

'44\W MUSjtET REALTY &t4-2M 

• 4 BEDROOM • 

3 balh, cenlrol heat, red«coro1rd. 
Con bo sold PHAUS. Call nowll 
(Eqvol Moulin? Opf*r1un1ly) 

6§«-i«l_3OM 
OAR RISON __t><-1*o 

 t\rn- nVct 3 b«drboms,"cn shod er, easjf terms. VA FHA. W* 

JACK MITCHELL 

Marshall Meadows by Owner 
7 m o n l h I "young'). 4-1-1. Central beat, air, appl'cnces Including self, loa.n'no ov*n L i v i n g roonvihn1 n c oom combinot-'on, Po.-iellC'd la."ni;y room w!ITt HrcpkKe and cathedrol 
-tlllngi. Polio. 
V/oiV 
Jo A*of*hoIJ 

HlSh. Rorirvonce Only. 634-4775 aflc i:lO pm and all day wceXc.'xls. 
Wo QvcTif y I ng-Jbodrooms - 2 ba tf\s mate oiler on ectuily, po y m e n t s 
1161. M o r t h s l d e schools. Vaccnt ready for occupancy. Coll now. 

JACK MITCHELL 

 iM-o3o& sse-s 

• CULEBRAFAKK « 

. tJO DOWN PAYMENT . 
Under S23o lo move In, porn^t: 

 uf.der 445 If you can ova'ify?? 

(Equal Housing Opponunlty) 
31'?» 
TOM OAURISON 
*f4-:iOJ 

\S!i;me~ VA 
7%. ?,MO sq.fl^ 
4-3-2 

SO"IT, ccihcdrcl den, ffrrpioce, car- pels, wot* In cloiels, se!l-c!eo.T owen irtvocy frnce, trees, Eqully 113.ooo. 
- o y rn 

Ihiy1. 57ia uon*j 
~ ' 

434-3 

'Hor Jelfmm- Larg* older home kiecl Fcr tcr$c family on larg= sttcd e<j lot. Let's co sc« today. 

JACK MITCHELL 

SUNSET HILLS 

JLTI! IHIed. HKka nice 3 beclrooi 

 a r p e t e d , covered patio, jirlvoxiy nce, bco-jllful shade treci front 

 ond bock. Call 4S4-7Lo5, 
SHELBY WHEELUt, REALTOR 

HELPI 

3 bedroom, I both, 115,5oo owed 

7Vj% r^ie, new carpet, central heat, 

 a tee, owner won Is offer, 
I?'A_OAHHI^mi 
«44K3 

'-k 4 BEDROOMS ON 2 ACRCS' ^ 

Home plus rnvKlntcnt properly 

WOODLAWN HIL1S 

Treei-Trees-Trefrs \\x round th.'s 4 
1 eovooffl ? bolh home. L arge r>on. 
.led tfen wllh llrepkKe. JEAtt MAR- 
Tltl 344^741, fio4->o'17, 

BOB JONES 

CULEBRA PARK. Extra nice 3 bed'. rc*m home- In well kept nelohtor- hood, lots «f carpeUrtu ond bulll-ki kHtr.cn. l i e r t h i l d e schooli. Law down payment. 

HUGHES & WAKEFIELO 

 tftWT 
REALTORS 
934-4]}) 

NOR_TI_I 
MLS iOUTH 

SENECA ESTATE5A 
. ..itige oreo, lovely 4 hcdroorr.% 

 iplit-le^cl. Larcc llv.ntf ontl rtJnlrj] plus carpclrd fofnllv roc in, cavcrc'j 
1X11*o. wn I <\ 11 C lkx»r plan. O^Iy 

 l»,vOO- Assume. Also have no-*1/ ll&ICd 41-2 w!1h over 2.oo) sq. ft. 
S p a n r t h in tome area, cftl-a?))., 

WHITEHEAD- 

HOLLIDAV 

Po/lshed JeweJ arfcliHf, itdnlly rid»carotid. J 

 i, fiiithid |M 

REDUCED 

 wmer, 4-2-J^ centrcH oU- & hear. 

Convenknl to Loch too*- Keljy a^l 

- 

UVfNG 

- .-, in* cooct 1He 
In ]K(s love!/ 2 Ixtrni. 
7 bath all brick home secluded on orMshalf 

.roe covered pallo. A tree studded r.d VJAA. 115,ooo. REALTOR. Ml- 

TOW-NVIEW BSTATES 
'J'I BY OWNER. Kcor S<Kjtl>w«t l««rch and nwdical ccfl^s. " 
Brick 
WoklrK, d i s t a n c e lo ... 

Khooli. Applkmcci liny. 6o13 TOnn- 

. 

Ifr goroqe. 83J-23oI 

 w , 

 ced, fliepia 
I, Nighli: 

OAK HU1S 

FIRST OFFERING Of IWS SpCClMJS split-level home on a targe lol In cKolce. section. Llvlnoroom wllh (Ire- i-ace, f o r m a l dinlnyoorn, forge xayroBin, talfuhjm: 3 bedVooms, 2 
>alhs lr> cftMoVen's wing; mailer 

 sylte hai 4 ctouble cloiets, U.4xlS 
*tvdy, p:\Jt laroe m a r b l e bolh. 
Moictt a.uarlcrs. 1139.ooo. TAfr4J47o. 
_ P**NC BS ALTG E LTJTN EILL __ 
^JiJ.-ripllon. No qJaiifyfrvfll tinmocu* ot« 3 bcilroom, ttfe bolh, earner!, enced, landscaped yard. o.'My S4oo 
«l«jityjoT_IVN^ ai nxt-Tln.^ 6J5-OJQ7. 
161 Hotmgretni Rd.TBy ownier. 3 _ .. central air, tiouie or.d Shop. Shown 
)V oppolnlme.il only. 2 tots on 2oo t. front, J4o (r. deep. 643O221, 

DEER RUN 

4-2-2, ce.ilrol a!r-*wit, on coiner Ic-t. forhlng a&wn, onyoo- can buy. 

)pen weeKenOi. lloblomoi Espanol. 
433-32« 
ALLSTATE 
533-1323 

PRICE REDUCED 

* 
SHENANDOAH 

Tea-n 
- - 
ANDOAH * 
-2-J, hi/oe ilrcpl,.. 

 eqjlly. Vacant. 6S6- 

SUM CASH BUYS-MOVE INI 

Drlck front, 3~)Vr->, air, stove. 

 n7-C12/ WATSON A 
SON 7»-tQ2i 

NEW'lN OAK HILLS bedroom, 3 bolh, covered polio 

 ten, fireplace, 25CO scj ft living orca 

>xVll>2_ 
Wm Swlnncy 
OX2-1o7i 

MED CENTE'R 
UTSA 
USAA 
NO CASH DOWN TO ANYONE 
LEASE PURCHASE 
Flrtt S nKr.lhs rint pavi all Ihe 

 payment on a brand r.ew 3 or 

Ul-ro9m, t both, j-car hom«. C«n- ral air, oil bullMni, ccrpeli and omfr lirealoces. H ernes ond town omes. *M» month and up. Here's our chance! Move In foaayl Call ryce Hartnion, right row. IH-S9J1. 
Entertainment Home 

WHISPERING OAKS beA-oom 2 bath, famHy rocm w-1h rvplacc, PLUS o 2ox15' gamcrcom 

 with o wcl bor. pallo kl^c^^?n over ooks a lovely tree shaded fenced ard. 
P l u m b e d lor 
3rd bath. 

5?'8S°' REAUTORS 'A1LS 14* :"J' 

,.,."; 

 tro. tarce kitchen. 
FHA, tt-N IrodO. 
JACK MITCHELL 

Colony DriVe 

Yoot choke of 2 b«autifgl 3 bccboom Komei wiih lirep'oco n family- room. Coll tcxfay f<x op- poinlmenl. 

24 rfflS. 

EIASTVYOOD VIUAGE 
1 bfg b • "* r » • m I, uparal* dJnlni room. Jvtt potoWd lnu*« and out 
« '""» " 

CX>LON1BS NORTH 

3-2, farpe junroom, tull cafpcli 

LAROE HOME wflh 3, bediooms and o dining room + fully equipped 

 beauty sh&o. Great Inveitrr.ent pro- 
—'y. 
No do*r.T payment on VA 

1152 
J1M1U 
T24-4331 

HUGHES R WAKE~IELD 

 jj.-Slia 
333 1124 
974-4131 

EAST 
REALTORS 
SOUTH 

FOREST OAKS 

Owner. 32-2, llvlng-dlrJng orea. 
, fireplace, Jenced, 534,9oo. 6W- 

HELOTES PARK ESTATES 
All brick Colonial 3 bcSioom, 2 bom, raTviy room with 
Mrcp'ace, 

 covered polio OAC( many txlros In- c'udliwj bultt Irs. Lois ol octc lre*s on V. acre, 495-33o4, 342-7373. 

By Owner-Rolling 

2 SpacliKJj, S-3-2, roe* honw, cul-de- 

 sac, nccr Aitd Cenler W4-67U, 342- 

HOT WELLS". "MS «aJV 13 exhtlng [ocrn, on this large oldei horn*. 
COJjORA REAL E5TATE___337:4?62 
H'rghlanrf HLIls — ExTrn nice, 3 bed rooms, living room, kitchen, fenced, lots of ti-eoi, VA-FHA. will trade. 
JACK MITCHELL 
J12-31o? 

THUNpEREMRDESTATES, 
£5?, 
3cn. llroptoce, dining room, central, heal, o!r, ccf pets, cU-cft-wc, by o^ner. &3M84A. or iJl-5733. 
3AKHJLLS TERRACE BY OWNER leoutiful 4.3-). Den wjlh fireplace 
*.* Brick. Large level corner lot. Prt- vttcy fence. 
Ro=m t> park beat, 

 comaer, clc. Treei. Ouict neighbor- hood conven-'c-il ro USAA, Medical 
Complex. 

S41,ooo. . 4M-57I3. 

 rot. 3iOQ sq f| living crca, 3 car go- rase. 21o Village Clfcrc. $*?.«» 
O)(2-1o72 
WOT SwlMey 
oX3-1o*3 

 tvwODd Park. 317 Sky ForesfTa-?, 

S3I.3oo. new loan, or owrer will cor- ry second 1lcn on cq^lly. 3*1-9428 r 5 lor appol.itmcnt. 

3 bedroom, like r^w JnsWe end oul", 
557-H. Son Dark), 111^oo. 
73M4H 
C,P. KOSUB 
3f2 

-^$5o DOWN * 

CULEBRA PARK. 3-* bedrooms 1-3 wins. 1st pa-.'mcfll )n May. J75 mo. 
924-59U 
G-^. GQHZAL.E S 
321H H 

PERFECT PAMItY HOME! 

Sooclous ? slory brick ccmc wllh 4 ovcrsired bd.-rr.s and 
2 club bclhi. Locoled Li love- 

 y Caslle Hills end co^venfent to NE school*. Prfccd to sell ot $61,75o. 
REALTOR 34I-9U1. 
NaulorEeahu 

 if BY OWNER if 

3-2-2. Rolling RlcJgr, oil brlcfc Mly cor poled, prlvocy ferxe . 
J3?,5CC. 

M-J-5723, jj2-93?3 

CHARTER OAKS 

4-2-3, IrrjTXKlutote Wi veor cW, ' 

I. It. Of luxury. 7^V. iSl.SOO.Voc. 

JUST LISTED 

VAl'L'EY HI 

 down payment i2i> eladng c<nt. t,W CtKi fcgy. j^ L^droomi, 2 ni, t.eal, a'r, sieve, icFrlgeralor, r payment In Jun-. 
-J3I1 
BOB De PAOLO_ j»-HS1 

HOLLYWOOD" PARK 
:r 3SOQ iq.fl. In Ihls btaullful 3 

 sedreom, 3 bolh Grocroui enlry, fot- iral dlnlog room, fooi-ly room, 1lrc- 

 ce, 2 car ooroge. crr.lrol olr, elc. 

Agency 
34?-3337 

QUIET COUNTRY 

.TMOSPHERE surrounds IhTi lovely 

NEW home Wl!h garden kitchen, spo- 

 k>us living area, tarcakfoir nook. 

LCTQC coverttl palfol Scf^ol bus I 
.VAILABLE NOW: 115.ooo. 

"SPACIOUS CORNER" 
.ot svliti IIMI.",/ Irecs ond lorne cov' 
:r«d potlo In Helo'cs TarV. 3 targe redrawn-.!, 2 dscoralor bclhi, sunken 
II v 1 n g room, dining toOm, family 
Mil wllh l'rrp'o:e, hca>-y beamed 
:al(Kdral celling In 2214 sq ft of 1lv- rg areo. Co4! for on appointment. 
S4-3/32 nllcs 6?4-JilO 

WORLD WIDE 

REALTY 

Co, 

REALTORS 
— 
MLS 
— 
3«-BJl 

CASTLH H1LL5 

•I ol preitloc area. Large lovc- 
, brick 4-27)-2, w.m quarters In eor. Huge- parly area wilh bar 

 and (Irepfcce. Long Jfsf cr cuiros. 
On lleXfw lot. pciced lor quick solr 

 il cf to-ftn ov,ncf. 6B4-3711, Real- 

WHITEHEAD- ; 

HOLLIDAY 

Duplex-Oakcreek NW 

3316 SCENIC LANE 

Oul Vcnro J a c h s o n , mcny ook rctsl \Vood Cencedl 
1,?W sq. ff. 

 coch *lde, 2-3-1, long leo« not r< 

 uiredl 

Rer,1-»3SO Mo. Ea. S'de 

Safes crkE—«9,SOO 
Will Irade, plui written Buy-BacV 
OPEN DAILY 
MIKE KINOER. Bldr. 

Home & Offices 

 iround HOOT has been tied as Doc* 
= r"s olfkes cr.rt Lab. 7rw upper icor li a lavcly J bedroom J balrt par]n>cnt vjilh a bcawllful llvlnfl oo.-n end -AXK) burni.-.j flrtp!cce. 
Reuuced lo J12.5oo. Goad 1erms. 

CALL IJ4-3J27 REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

FOR THE FAMfLY 

 wai!» !o b* near school, shop- 

3 

 ered palio, fe-r-eet? txrckyard", "carMt- td Itocrs. Qttrtr moved from clly. 

.E. SEITZ, REALTOR, 3J3-«S1 

, ping cenlm, 4 b'ocks to eitprwi- if nnd near (JW McdJCal Ccr.lcr. 3 drc;>ms, 2 balhs l 

N6AR ST. MAWS U 

 ui 
. . 
1 
, 
- i . 

 jiohenberger-Collins iwlrrutilng Poet, Jeffcrjon oreo, 3T- 
" on Vi acre. Ceniral heel ond air, 

 ma! dining, r oo.11, utility room, 
Jecon 1reej. Oor-n-Q pit. Cell nc-v. 
"hit won't ViM long. O-vr,cr 
Qnx- 

 oul, ec^y \tfmi. Will trade. 

JACK MITCHELL . 
M<#oo _ 
_ ____ _ 8J8-S71i 

OY~OV/MER, Forest Oafi, 32-?7li7 rig, dining, den, buiit-ln kitchen, tor piled central heol. air, priv cnee. Egully^ o«umc^SV.*^-_tj4- 
" 

JIo1S AULDTNE 

 nice 1 bedroom, 2 balh, do.rfali 
. x . bu!lt In VMchen. A mul irel. Call icr appolntnr^nl 
^3'tl^l REALTORS NMei: 6JS^dl 
FREE] _&_PARKINS 

JL/STTHIMK! 

F<v only SOXttX), IM/AACULATE 3 

 oooi home wlm fenceu yarcf 

 cf 1rcej, Itvcje patio, ccnlra 

 heal air ccn be YOURSI 

Co, 

A£M.TORS — MLS_ - 
653-7341 

CAHYO'H CR"EEK ESTATES 

Ir/y hime- on goir cowie. 4 bed rooms, 3 talhi, masler bedroom has 

-AI ^tudy wllh ('replace. Family ha* built In Mrep1oc« ond we 
, • vlng room, dlVng room, beou 

•iful Islo.-xJ Mfchen v/1rh kx'fK txeaV ajt a'eo, car d e t a c h e d t/watx cxne lot. 
CLINTON VYEILBACHER, BUILDER 

LO'S ANGEIES HGTS 

Ally mi low e^ull/ on 2 bedroom, 
Ivil*) collate 
Lnrne i>ecan 
Irees 

Coll Vcro 1o ice 7M-24O, n:-74) 

COLOHirt IIOBTH 1M, Sponhti llr*plo<«, oil brkk- 'i,lly carpeted/ l,nc«. &,!•*.«; WMill e/ <». 

 flME FOR IWIMWIMQ 

Ard Wifi torrj« t.'fccnow jp'lf-tevef 3 
2-2 provWct f*crl*cl pool ood idling 
Covered CXKrK'H patio, rev hllc oJl Kiifi/ry exlrai. Jrt pofio'iw i 
Ho* cxea o1 Glen OaKt. 444-3711 
Reason. 

WHITEHEAD - 

HO1LIDAY 

Dcllview $18,ooo • 

 rkHog 3 bedroom, living and d:n- rooais' tig kitchen. Lovely lenccd 
/ard. NE Schools. if,7oo down. J1I7 

1. 136-2347. 

GIGANTIC 

, 

VA-FllA. 

. 
.._ Park - 1 bedroom, room* kitchen, z car ooroge, yjltft w o r K i h a p , fenced, but, VA 
Wilt I rod*. 

JACK MITCHOLL 
53M1o7 
OH W.W. WhUl- A real bargain, 3 bedro4mt, J bains, den, ]4X)4 ullllly room, panel heal, fenceoV loll ond lots of ireei. VA-PltA, will trade. 
JACK MITCHELL 
531-W1 

Fantastic View 

Eleoant 4 bedroom, Wi bolh split level home. Hlah on Q hill. overlooX- fnp Pecan VoHey «&!( coorje. Over 
3.oX1 sq. f- torffe lomtly room with llreploce. ond parly room. 3 balco- nies. 157.9oo. JOHN FELDER 
344- 

2341, BIM491. 
BOB JONES 

QV 
OWHER-HIGMLAND HILLS ? 

 bcdrcom jiory Vt house, furnished or unfurnished, J33j?16. oMer 2pm. 
EASTWOOD VILLAGE. This 2 bed- roam horns [j near snooping center and school). Bu> VA—oofWni) down. 
CONDRA REAL ESTATE 
331-4o,2 

HIGHL~AND HILLS, over 211o iq. it". 
In Ihls 4-1 no.-ne \vltn a double go.. 

 ro3*'cONDRA REAL ESTATE 

 uXiion- East Cenlral icha'olj, 3 

 bedrooms, living room, klfcftcn, pan- 
- near, VA-FHA. wni irad«. 

JACK MITCHELL 

 less Than $2o 

 is oil rne caih yco'H need. 2-3-4 bed- roo.Tn, 2 balM< some cwtral olr c»rvd oppJrtKicrt. An^-one con buv- i33-«Tl 
SOB De-PAOLO 
3<4 »tl 

Htar 
Rlaiby- 
Extra nFce 3 beef- roomi, ifvirvg room, kJtcrten, panel heal, va-anr. VA-FHA. Will Irad*. 
JACK AIITCHELL 
332-31o7 

>MOVHiN* can move for as llltle as 13o thly payrr.enlj lo suit ycnjr bud- 

PETE POSTOLOS 

224-2737 
736-o422 

HIGHLAND PARK 

I Hammc-ndj 4 bedroom, 3 bath or n b« uied ai dimple*. Already ap- 
*sed 
$13.5oo 
VA. 
Estate, 

I. Ml«* 353-4343, 
' 

DREAMHOME on opproxlmatcly ? ocrts, r.ear Snm Ko-jslon Hlfih- rjil lo S^L'! 
ONORA REAL ESTATE 
337-1267 

E. PALFREY 
. 

 i-2 w;ih separate d'nlng room, living 
•oom a.-xJ family room. A value buy 
31 only 124,3oo. i3J-WSl, 45M8J2 

DOUG 
BUREN 

KING W1LUAM 

Havt large art* smsll hiitarlc homei listed, need renovation. jt«-447i. 

, IMC. REALTORS 

HIGHLAND "HILLS. Nice"3 betfi home, near elementary school, only 
513,5oo. Easy terms. 
COHDRAftlTAL ESTATE 
337-426? 

'crest- 
S pic c r d spon,' 3 bed' 

 room!, 2 tmlhs- tfen, central heal and air, 2 cor gcrag-c, fenced, VA- 
FHA. will trade. 
JACK MIJTCHELL 
532-3J37 

FAMILY HOME 

PRICED RIGHT! Large 3 bedroom 
2 balh, separate d'nlng room, don 
*»ilh M;cp!ac«, centra] air-heal. Calt 
Earl Sparrow, 734-2443. 
BiFUBIOLA 

KeLIY-'LACKLAND 

BeauMFal 4 bedrooms, 3 full batht, over 11oo iq, ft. wllh living room und separate tffntrvg. Large fomUy rcom wliri 3oo iq. It. library. All pgn- cled and corpcJetf, $2f,SOO VA cr 
FHA iinoitcfng avairabl*. 
Call Joo 

Winioms 341-4135 or 3«-2*W. 

FHA IIS 
Llki MW in all oreo*. Anycnn con buy- BcWonws Blparwl, 

PECAN VALl-EY 
LOTS OF ROOM 

$ beaVoomi art balhj, wilh central 

 and aJr, and tjwjlj!a ao/age. ndrv room, ctvpct ond ToraWwl 

 floors. Large corner la). Extra woe 

BOB FOSTER 

Establlih«d area. 4-2-2, sisK on^e, f r I dge, carpel s. Mi u 

 or rellnarwre. Total price 
R^_RAN5 o M R E ALT Y^ «73j77i>l" 

Del I ere 11 4 txdrao.Ti 7 both , v to wait carpel, ne^ly palnlect. 
— WO LEONARD. Reollcr 661-33» 

"PRICCD RIGHT" 

I bedroom, iVi balhs, garage, <jln1rvg oom, ceolral alr-heo! , raTflo, rr fflgeralor. A real good buy. 
3jJr-fcUl 
Nllci 673-7H 

WORLD WIDE 

.ovely California style hsme n__. 

Celly-Security Service. J bedroom, 2 
"sain, dO'.-riit garage, ceniral air- 

 eat, garden kitchen, a-.d lots of ex- raj. Heaior.ab'e equity and assume 

HIGHLANDS. Bectull^l 3 bedroom, 
3-J batti homa svlifl large deo, com- plelely carpeted. Larce c o v « r e - d pat!o wllh l!x» healed swimming pool. No dv*n VA. Coll now. 

HUGHES & WAKEHELO 

J3J1 
REALTORS 
5J2- 

SOUTH 
WLS_ 
E/ 

 line Park/ 3 bedroo'm, 2 bath", 

 family room, large covered patio. 
Law eq-jlty ond assume *132 mo. 
JO3O44o LEONARD, Realtor 461-3372 

HIGHLAND PARK 

2 bMrocm horne en corner lot, 

BUrFmAfcr^a^ss 
Highland Hills- Kew homo, 3 bed- roomi, ? boths, living room, den. 2 car aarcge, heot. air, VA-FHA. Will trotfe. 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 

1534McKIKLEY 

APPOINTMENT ONLY 

_ bedrooms, 3 bolhs, living room, 
'amlly room, leporale dlnlno room. beautiful kilcJ-.en. Old oul beautiful. 
VA appraised at 132,ooo. 

NltesWMJM, 333-J343 

BEAUTIFUL HOME only 2 year o:d. 3 loroe bedrooms, 1'A baih^ centrol neat end a'r, plus built-I kitchen. Assume or refinance. 

HUChiES & WAKERELD 

532-3752 
333-1126 
P2MJ31 

EAST 
REALTORS 
SOUTH 

NEED MORE" ROOM? 4 
, 

 bolh In H.ghlcnd Hlfls Aisume 

 ircde Harold Schco!>el, 532-345? 

COHDRA HAL ESTATE 

-e ell IhoJ fi nredcd Co make IMi 

 vmse a home. J bsoYooms, 2 bolhs, aipetcd throughout, scpn^ate uKllty room, c o v e r e d polio ond fenced rord. Ceniral ofr-hcat, rcngc, refrlg 
'raJor arvi dlshwosh.-r. Call for an apPOlntnKnl now! 673-5o33. nltes 67-*. 
"WORLD WIDE 

REALTY 

 iron naw In 

 mast areos ol West S.A. Poyrr.cnls rom S?7 ir.o. ar.d some ovaltoble fsr etlnaicfng wltn no tfown paymcnl o quoi:t:cct Vels. Others for osiu.-np- ion cl exlsllnq loan with eqolMes os 

SI.OOO. Seeing is believing- 

VALLEY HI 
Bargain buy, immacutalc 3 berfrcom, 

6o1h, covcicd patio, fcnctd, ra:«(?, tr. $156 mo., low equity. NMes 672- 

HODSDON &_ASS_OC. 6T4-3JS2 

A Y M E N T 5 O~F $112 per mo.? are, twl we have Iwo 3 bedroom 
&n-.ei with tr-es* low payrrnnli o.~d nw equities tea! Call us for detal'i 
JfER_RY__KEMP__REALTY 67J-7152 

Ihls 3 bed 

. . _ _ fy tor occitpi 

Paymf.nls untfer 175 per n&nth. Col) 

We'lt Buy Your Home 

Ftf cash. Foit strv'ce. Will 1ra^e 
J3J-57S1 
BOB De PAOLO 
34t JQ91 

REPLACE •„ 

1 betfroo-n, 2-slcry rock home -.... 

•epfacft In d«n and masler bed- om. Lorgc lol wilh many Irecs. 

CO!1 8?8-5*7l ANVTIMG. 

Dellcrcit- ofl brfck 3 bedrooms, 1 balhs, l i v i n g room, den, double oven, garcge, covered patio, Dar-D- 
Q pit, Fenced, VA-FHA. Will Iradc. 
JACK: MITCHELL 
537-31o7 

IMMEDIATE POSSESSION 
OWNER WILL FINANCE cl I g/i) (yl c I cter home, beau I i fully 

..jodcrniicd and maintained. Lovely carpotrnq, drapes, ctirport and qo- 

)c. 
Nice workshop. Corner iot. 

--'J must sec Inside! 734-OQ1S, 6!6- 
HEU'LAH fAAE KELLER, REALTOR 

VA-FHA 

HUYER5, SEE THIS 2 bedroom, scpcwcle living, dining room nerre, 
AVAIL AE1LE 
HOSV1 
SI2.TOO. Hiah- iondi arco! 

Co. 

FOOTHILLS 

Qca.lllul trets s-jrrour^ tMs 3 betf- room, 2 boUi home In o friendly neighborhood. 
SvnVen 
ICvlrvg ri.om and kltctiendJc olf masrf r suite. 

1J?X«o. 347-331) ANYTIME. 

R E A L T O R S 

ROSOW & KLINi 

No Down Payment 

 finyo-.e cen buy. Vel l don' t use nt's ei^oility. 2-3-4 bcdroorr.s. 2 

 a.-KCs'. UfOO loCS».5M.aMoiT seellons of tovcn. 

Wl 
SOB Pe PAOLO 
53y«J 

Loy/ PAYMEN'TS LOV> ruTEREST 
And loajled In Oak Hllij Terrace 

 rtifiKXlal. 3-2-t with cfen, sccurll 

 ty quardi o1 dl widows. 
WKITCHEAD- HOLLIDAY REALTY 
UD/II REALTORS 

RC ALTO R 5 — M LS -• 
6«-4 SI I 

114 PLEASANT VALLEY 

3 bcd'com. \Vi balh home In ?x- 

 collc/it condition. R-:ced corr.er lot. 
Call iDdayl 
117,5oo. 
914-47}?. 
126- 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 

FHA 3)5 

Like new \n all CHCCS. Anycnc coo buy. tloblanftcs Esporvot 

Artlnlegg Really 
9J3-S5o4 

• $5oDi 

NEAR S.V/. MILITARY Dr.'oil lor- rfimoro. 3-4 bed.-oomj, \~t baths. 1st paymeRl In May, tow o\ J75 mo. 
«<j>« 
&.O^GONIAi.LZ 
*M-W4 

ASSUME OR REFINANCE on 
\arQf- 3 bcflroo-n ho-np. Wxiny jca- tures i.".c.lua*d In low price. Owner 

 ijcloui. Call for anpalniment lodny 

HUGHES & WAKEFIELO 

J-WS2 
33J ll?4 
924-4331 

AST 
REALTORS 
SOU" 

SgJ's Special. J txttroofn ~hcir.t,~\ 

~rd, nice siie iconis. Ncxir txn-.. down VA. 115o per mo. i^_^^s 9« _?_E ?L I Y, _ *"-_"OI 

 ts you In cue of 1hei« lovely 3 or bedroom ho-nos- Anyone can buy. 

-croc Inventory. Coll fcr delclls. 
Equal Ho-_-sirg Opporti/nlt/. 

KOOSDpH 4_ ASSOC. at 3£53 

V a 11 ay HI-Absoiu tely" f rr.mo culate" 4 bedroom tvo.'rvc wllh ceniral air-heat, carpttlr.u, appllar.ccs, covered pallo ond many olhei extras. Reosorjib'e quMy and a-ssumc payn-ents of si;s. 

^EHE PATTOH REALTY <M-34.II 

 lo Down Payment -^c 

TO VETERANS. 4 fedrcom. 1 Iwffb 

;o, ccnlrat rcot, stove, S17,ooo. 
'*_i__G.B. 
QON2ALE Z 
»7l-44 M 

1ELLAIRE. Lorte 3 bedroom" tic me 
*- be coir^etely retJecoraled. Ow.-.cr 

 xlsus. tJo cfown VA. Will Irode. 

HUGHES & WAKEFIELD 

«4.43J1 
REALTORS 
83I-5S47 

SOUTH 
MLj^ 
NORTH 

Olf H. Walton, 2 farDe wall lo v<oil cornel, cenlrol heal. 
3J3M-:3 LEOJMRO,_R«)]1o/ «1-33J3 
P--can VoUey- Airbrkk/j t-rdrcwns" 
" txitM, den, fireplace, palio, 2 cor 
_ jraoe VA.FMA. \VIII Irodc. 
JACK.//inrOiELL 
S37-JIQ7 

NE"AR RANDOlPrT 

Qeaut.ful laroa 2 becVoom, eitlrt large den, 2 ccr Qorag^ o-,ij *vc>rr'. shop. Custom cabinet), cenliaT heal o!r. VA approved at J16,H». 

 ir DENVER HOTS CORNER. 3 h~*d rooms, living dlnlno. room, bus a 
Iron) cfocrf. V/lll trade, 

 ox 17oo (q. H. living or«j, 3 lul 

_ )lhs. ricor VAV/. wF.JJe. fj*-h1tf 
3U-2137. 

_ _HYATT REAL ESTATE 

LARGE' 3 *B"E"D R o o M'Hbwrln 
M (th'an:! Milk, close to lc^r>ols. Ctn 
' 
' ticot, nood cica-i h^mo. Ass-jn-c 

 monlh!/ povrntnts or rcflnnnc*. 

IIUOIIGS & V/AKEFIELD 
173-r?W 
1)1-1174 
'/24-4JJI 

EASJ_ 
REALTORS 
SOUTK 

HNand Park 

 l^fo* 3 ivx/roi-m, cinlna room, Ooo- 
.'• qara o<-- enlry, pcrth, only 
I1J.OW Open lerms. Will Irotfe sn iiii 
DOB D*^AOLO i« JMI 

 by "oWner, Dcivlew Arw, nwl^ 3-1-1', 

 r^ce corner lot, HM?M 
' 

'ELSOAf ja 

REAL ESTATE CO. 

Shorr.rock M a n o r — 2 heckt d*n, large covtrrd nallo, 
3J3-o64Q LEONAftp; Realtor 641-33J? 

A Buyer's Dream 

Clean end near 2 bedroom, 1 bolh home c!«e lo everything. An excel- lent buy on Arl'ngton Covrt. New on 

"n4°234kl,%lh.Sv',7W- JOHN hELDER 

BOB JONES 

Spndous 
Ovcrsliea gcrc no'n!«J, only 

Harlandale 

 oT,*, d!n-"no rocm, 
, 75x2oo lot, lusl 
.OW. Will Irodc. 

PAOLO 
3«-3o)l 
- 
_ 

Harlandolo Area-Older stylo 2 be rcom wllh ieoorale dkiViq, dgub oefoched garage. VA or F«A ' 
Ronald WHHamstm Realty tt3-4W _ 
927-1166 

1oo% BRfCK 

$19,9oo 

Prelly red brick *»llh fresh while trim. A neat and clean 3 twtfroam home, all carpeted. CMcepl kllch 

 nd balh. Delint-Jtul ccvrred poii 

' 
**"" Dlvlrkl- 

K EA IIO»S 

ROSOW 4 KLIN5 

"DELJL'CRTST" 

>NW $9oo EQUITY 

 and tcVc over lor; paynwnls of J,m on 3 bedroom h=T.o which liKludci stove, rcfrlfieralcr and t olr condi- tioners. No credil rcetfed. 6746343; nlifl. Den, 6744FSI. 

IACKLAND d 

REAL ESTATE COA 
8ml Colencn Kcclut 
4M1oK 

. V/ESTWQOD VILLAGE 

Assume 7% VA loon on Ihls tovely 
3-2-2: (ully carpeted, all [(« exl 

 t222 monih^Musi^Me lo oppTKlaio: 
Norm BJancIiarU 
3-11-7135 

NO DOww PAYMENT" 

I.VK pay/iM-lt Ju.itf J. 
.»^41o _V/AYHE 
SLATER ill « 

1W ANO ASSUME' VA' toen; 1'txd room, 1'A balh, 1 car oarage, cen 

_ 
_ 

 if ADAMS HILL if 

 t.'ecd roomi? lols of roomi? Flril i K T" offerlna on this Vllll new 4 bVo"rcom 

3 bedrxht. 
COJ-pcted 2 full balM, e«lro hitfle Hvlnn foom, 

X/H-JEE,o1!^ v-^l'e.^i>La.r.d; «ro=c.' covered polio. 

Corner b-ji;t In rcmoe. 
„,. 

 oh!>od, yjrtMy d'sposal ond dlih-;<MiroI 'heal', ou" . ,„, 
^^lff^ffJSf'JS''^ma-^Ef^.t'^ 

o oo 
Ihe palta. 
Coll 

- 
. 

WORLD WIDE 

WI-1S MONTHLY^ 3'or T"bed" 

•cm ho-mes. tW tTecos't v*IW ho'd 

_W*r.ME.. SLATER._M1-H1! 

 i 3 bedroom, ? 
OM Arm* BO. 

HA5KIM5 B E ALT Y, V 
NEAR LACKLAND.K 

3 htdroam himc In rrvivo In condl- 
' i. Convenient lo schools ond 

So|lTrEDjSl.TY 

Soyl"h/k*ce~PiKk"oreo 3-4 bedrooms 
FHA 315, r,o rfown, y» mo. Ftx- fnfo 
M1i'15._*m*rkon 
R«11/ 
?34 1*77 

~ 
Hid SELECTION al redecwcled rwnes. Some FHA 
?J5. Call far Nnfpecllon. Em. a I Hovi- ff") Oopor)un>ty. 
«/-*W __ ALL REALTY 
>M^»« 

"Ft»ST~PAYMEHT"lH JUNE 

4 l>edrc*^is, anpiicwxes, o'r ni rio,vn (JO ei&s'np 
*M'T*a?_WAYHB tLAT4?R 
. . . . . . 

HIOHLAND PARK": |7<rvely"homo In excellent con*lh-n. 3 
UoVooms 

 den, 
IOYO« kil with prkncy 

 i ona* ccr/ircd. prj1f», VA, FHA, or tiisixne, 

 rlLJOMES S WAXEFIELD 

MJ37S2 
•»)•!! J« 
VJ44J1I 

OAST 
HHALTORS 
SOUTI 

One Aero 

It a'-'.ind lUls 3 bedrooms, ? ci ror.-j, ^cdi, frr.Cj, n»ony lrc«i, en y 
'.U.OM. will tra3«. yi'*1*'. 
?°.B- .Pi-PApLO....*1,4!***1 

 cbfTAGE FOR 2 
Rtj fcerfroom, Wo Hg klkh- en, ulMll/ ream, lenci, trMi, 
Clou 13 town. l?,OCO. 

319..771 MAC 
- 

34-1-7885 
ESTATE 

Owning Beats ReVvting! 
Lcrw do«n poymcnl, lm.T.ed'nlfl c< 

 ajpcr^y. Imnxjci/ate 3-2-1, butlt-lnL air, cornet S164 r*r rnonlh. Move In iwrf. Call 
6SJ-7IOO, nltes and 
~ 

 day), tJMSJS or &S1-14??. 

CLIFFORD-LOOAH, |NC. 

MEAR LACKLAND 

 ttdrm. 1 txilh, corpsrl. Riasonobl* 

 nTy~Owrii r,~»'ic r~C« kYDnd"Vk« ifyl 
Ciean. 3-1-carncft. Carpst. in-al| Eq 
'.^-^-l.I^-^n:.^J}^2: 

V/e slHI hoy a FHA 3JS. SW diposfl 
Government pdyj 'fy. Ifcblomw Ei 

"' TERUA REALTY 

MM4.J|__ 
^^IU 
'J*^h1 

Ft JAMS iiifl aiaiinbl*. 3-4 bedrooms" 
}'1 htithj Irom 1?J. Of! 7cratornora 

.one can t»y, Conven'tnt 1o Kelly 

 and LacV'and. 4 txdrcnxr.1, 1 twiru flnt par/mtnt In Ju-ve. 
*J?jijj 
A9?.P.' !*A 
OLt? _^i?** 

V?7i PACER II FI. Trav«1 Troiifi 

11 on; no, tar.dffn v^ecl, elect, broke! 

 bv/ ol HW3.' 

Vfl lTov~l7l "-reflT "r"ke~"i" h Vrtr rv-Tn home, Assimi* 6% VA I MI, Jir mcnt'vly 
\YXQ 
Ertul.V, V/lll carr i? 
£*2L'fl? *Z 
4-yw.- _ 
• 'FHA^si" 

. KO DOW/I PAYMENT . 

Undflr tl&> 1o movi fn, po/rrnnfl urwfir 1W II you c,oolHy?7 

 ffliival K9k}lni Oppwlunullyl m-j iy_jr ?M__o*H«fi o H wV* JL. 
' .fir". w:^, .^fff. h^v^wTpv o* hw clly. HHo 

HYATT JRBAL GS^TATC riioiiE yci/n WANT 

"fy/;i';r ///e /tiff country t 

University 

Hills 

Model homes 
$39,75o- 
$7o,ooo 

 hilltop homesltes 
$4,9SO- 
$12,ooo 

 commercial sites 

OUT 1-1o TO'FH"16o4. IEF1 2 MIIES1o PABCQCK ROAD. 

OR CALL 695-3563 OR 226-668o. OPEN DAILY 1o-7 

HOUSOJ— Southwest 

FHA 235 

 tr&dM home;. 3 and 4 bed 
, Gov't helps maVe payments 

So deposit, 

PETE POSTOLOS 

124-2737 
736-o422 

NEAR KELLY AND LACKLAND 
Msvc In noiv. 3 bedroom 2 balh, • 

 central I^eaf-alr. Low equity. 

BURKHAROT 828-6235 

JACK MITCHELL 

M3-o2QQ 
__ 

Locklaid areo, beautiful 3 bedr 
IV? belli, sarcge wllh central .... ron^e, Iridgc, carpet, fence. Only 
176oo equity, assume VA nolc 
o74-O12 
B R_OWH_ &_ASSQC. 6733177 

 f,<X TOTAL EQUIT 

J|ce 3 bcdroo.-n rwnw near Locktend wilh ra-.ijs, frrd?c, o'r, fenced yard. 
Assume lew S13S mo. 
74-47l2_BROyjN & ASSOC. 673-3(77 
3 be'tfroern homt,"cc'r|»ri"wllK"YlQ'-- 

 fenced, across from hlar-andalc 
. Klgn. 4?3 W. Kuk 
" 

 down. 927-o655 

Me tNTOSH RE 

Hcccnllonally" com wllh nice t. tctJ- pcnelca den. Portion/ l 

Itoimld WllUamson nealty 

REDUCED TO (15.IM 

LACKLAND AREA 

 lOJ ALDRICH crpet, like new. 3 botfroom, 1 bolt 
« c.wr,or [ot, prlvccy fence, near chools. 
Chas. A. Vj idem an 
733-o757 

43i W. HUTCHING 

 bedroom home panelIna on. 

 or.e Iftlcricr, carport wlffi S| 

 iChool. VA ro down. 93?-W8 
S5 

MclNTOSH REALTY 

LACKLA'NTD-ICBllY AREA 
SY OWWER, 3-1, low etiully. Ai- 
— 
' 

LACKLAND~KELLY AHCA la rfown paymcnl. 1 bedrooms, 

, oarcgc. Anyone can buy. Nice 

_ 

ADAMS HILL 

 wner leaving ar.d %vinls cnly loc^irs for tWs lovc'y 3 bedroom, bo1h, doubJc Finished oarane, 2 
o^, huge kMehon, appl'onccs. ume, no qwalliyrnj. 

KODSDOM_i_AS5OC. 

"7~A;M. RUSH" 

Al vo-jr l-o.-na far ihe holhrocm cet- 
Jin to vcu? Then call for en a.i- wlilmenl (3 ice this 3 bc^rocm, l'/i 
>ath tiorr.e wilh carpeting, ccnl/ai 

WORLD WfOE 

REALTY 

2 ACRES 

New Usf-'no-vron-f faill Dig 3 bed- 
-oom, family room, c e n t r a l air, 

 eal. In Moylleld Pork. FHA—VA cr cor.venttonal. HHIi?, S21-:ni 

Valley ill. Newly po'lnled 3 bttfroom n orglet area. H^rje braulilul yord ' 

 ity ar.d onume t!27 per mo 

I KOUKI—Southwest 

"TV PROBLEMS" 

Vrtion the c h i l d r e n if.ould be 

 stuctylnp? Come sec Ihls bcc-jlIM 
3 b e d r o o m , 1 baift home wllh 
*tud/. siudy could be uicnf os Jin bsdroom. Ce.itrat air-heat, range, re- frigerator ar.d dishwaihef and priva- cy fenced corner for v/ifh pa!lo. 

Solve yow problems, ojf-3722 nites 
"WORLD wioe 

RtTALTY 

RENT WITH OPTION TO BUY. 2 story A bedroom, 2 balh, I car no- a-j<» aid «*lrcmely nlco home [n o ico area. Wolxlng oVslance lo ele- ne.ilary school. Cornw lot. 
NATIONAL. REAL ESTATE 

OWNER REMODELED 

J-l dea shcp, storage, corport 

PEi-ms WATSON _»_S ON 73S-3K3 

NEAR LACKLAWD-'KELLY 

Nfee 3 bedroom home, many extras norttislde schools. Eouily ood as sume- 5"« "5 
1, nolc ot WO nw. 

B & L_fi EALTY iTfiQ?! 

VERY NICE^i betfroo.Ti home"!.. 
Harlandale v/1 t h ptavho-jsc (17x16 ft.). Many trees. Only $1o,9oo, no- thing dasvn VA. Call Roy Simmons 

CONDRA REAL EJTATE 

Sears 

Equal Housing Ocporli ual Housing Ocporlunlly. jjgrj ^eCarmlcy ^UjSM enyllm?. 
4 Bedroom $14,5oo 

. b e a u t i f u l hsnic wiirt I'A balhs. bulll-In jvcn, range or-.it olher px- 

"fcs. A icol barog'nl w-wy), oJJ' 
Hohenberger-Collins 

H you can't afford a clg hon-c—al 
Ih's lime— consider 1,-ili exka rtcc Jv fcptiroorn 2 txifh mofcllf home — complolely Furnished orj a'r condi- t\c-.ca — on Jr. cere aid fenced. 
Highly reilrFded park. 15 niln-.les 
Ircm florlh S!a^. 

CALL dHOllf REALTOR 

Grace Arnold 

LOOK 

 acres moiMy in Coastal, wa- cieclrlcily and i ' mile rood . 

.lass, torgo Ihf oaks. a1«k 1cnk 

 and gravel pit. Must sec to appre- cla4e. 

GOLD OYESS REALTY 

377-4o11 
Siguln, Tx. 

Pecan Valfev 

Luxxiry brick 
3-2-?, Cinlnq 

 ilc-n, fireplace, equipped klh " pet. lootfs of ^xlraj, < iror.eo. V/ill fade, 
S37-5?S1 
DDO UP PA 

•ocm, 
, cor- 

 ilun-.c- or rc!l 

Bufverde Estates 

 adjoin Ing 3 acres. Front.-no x/4.79 
Tec) on Oak HIH Dr. Olf IB I H. left 
— CQiC-y Rd. a-i;l '.fit Dorfon HIM 
. Coil Eve Arnold 2I7-S1&5 cr 735* 

6W)5. 

, . . c h r e rewoo t""°- ^183. 7% VA. Equity. 623-1673 

Just Listed §235o EquHy 
-ovcly redecoraled almoslt r.e%v bedroom hcme wtl^t clr corxUHon 

...... 
...... 

 cdlolo cccupa-icy. CaH 

Only (143 mo. lm~- 

S?SI. 

. 

732- 

___ JIM PRIDDY REAL ESTATE _ 
Mc.C«llum"Hrerea. HWOO FHA-VA 
24-714.o ftnx-ilccn 
Really IH- 

'village II. lmn;aculale™3- 

?•?, 

, 
. 
Immaculate. Hew ro3f, new bullf-ln 
• ' - 
. 
. Remanded lo Velcrnns, 114,oo3 

34_l-B13_l _ 
ADOO eve 
" ' 

.1. Mo 

U1-4SS7 

HOUSE 

Fir sole, to be ntovcd 

 city at 7314 Plcoicnlo^. fcrrnatlon Call Jo 

M ACRLS. 1-3 nilfe'frcm l«il"souYh' 
SOTf-crsct schoots. frull Ircei. bea-jll ful h a m c s i 1 c. JMRRY BACON, 
R E A L T O R . C7Zo323, 622-32J5, (II 

 id your search. 5 Te*as vels icls ava'-.atile. tJke trees, wa- 

• line, and c»n r>av^t rocd. Lots 
" 

GOLD DYLSS R ALTY 
"12 
_ 
SegulniTx. 

MOVtDl 'MUSI" ifll 15 acres "d 
Pipe Ctcch. M rr.i'r^ norlh of Sci 
Anlon.o. Make Oiler. H.W. Marlincj 
16oo Mill PonJ, G a r l o n d Texas 
?WiO, ?14-??&.1oS5. 

_ 
"LIVING AREA" " 

 is prcniilul In IW* 3 bedroom, 2 bolti, ^ cor aarcoc homt- wilh fom|. y roo.-n, cof|Xlino, central olr-h«ot, 
'onpc ond diiTiwoslpr, f"en«ri yo^d neludc-s a Jcrge coveicd patio. Call 
TOW. 6*35o33 nil *«7J-o1o4 

REALTY 

Jt? Month Volley, $Q7S3o~wilfi~i!« 
'f1?o 2'»?*iW' pov^-e"'1 'tis tha- 
145, PlTI, 
CoM cr w r l | c 
21o 

Hilrjlle-, Auslln Te^as 737o1 

. 

Must see 1 

__ 
____ 

 ing ill* i~M~Acrei~ ocks. Wpavcd road 

Owner linarKlixr avalloa4e. 
' 
" rcc'alp, "jim 

DY OWNER'Neor Lac^dand-Kiriy fcan 3 bertrooms, corner lot, Equity 

 bedroo.-«r I bal h~T "gcTrooc, ord- 

 nances, covered pallo. lirjrwd:alc 
^vpancy-. L;aj;ty^3ssunw, re/^a-.ce. 

SPAKISH HOME 

Sl.-cco a-ne on -1» ccr« lull ofl 
IH 1o and Jot\.i5 Rd. LO.-QC (Iwlr.n rosm yjlt.i calhetfra! celling. wroLHih 
Iron t'ont llxl.Tcs, aid flrepl 
Rare Sol, l To ille In dlnlngrocm kitchen. U-shcpcd kllchen wllh pen- try, FXg'c'alre stove ond dlshifcTis.'iw 
3 bedroci", ? holhs. . nOKHNE KANCH BEAI.TY 

CUM Lcwll. RMr. Dob S'uni. Ailoc. rilONCJ 

71o3 Docrr.c 
D.rccl tins lo Qocrrt 

1.4H- W'-??ol _. . . 
_"'-"» 

^RHS'tif*^ Ccuniv, niirr 

. _ 
_ _ _ 
_ 

Veiiraint -ro'aswn o1 4 bc'droom, T'/i 

I h, home In ciic&ilihed area r bates, coll Tor tielalli 

PROUD" 

 ilfer I.MS beajlliul 3 twuVoon tjalft ho-no for sale. &?pan3|p <sv 

 fom.l/ coomi, ulll.ly *oc*i, s vhtd, corpelino, central air-heat a ltr\c«l tf.rr.cf lol, Frcihly 

XJ.otcd Irsldo a.^d out. Se-j thii c-ne wawoRibawm 

REALTY_ 

 if $2o TOTAL CASrH ^ 

NO JOKE-Thori nil you NEED. . 

V»"«y HI. 3 ond X ttrtroorM, i ond 
7 baths, c«nlrol oV or unit) built In, 
" " 'nunl. Ill MOV. 

_. . _ 

SWIMMfHO j b*o>oonn, 2 t 
' 

 w jfllll 
, central, 
, eoulty , 

NPAR McCOUUM 

3 hej/wm, I hfllti, [Kinelerr tfen, cen 
Irnl htnl arr, lully rnrpcleu. 1 n-a e'i wily, rr.vwre ,'/.% Ismi ol HIS rrw. 
IICYTR^ fli:AUV_ ni-lili, til.]«! 
Voii.y Vir'riof'iri'neo'jlifui"!" 'twit room, t bo'h Mmr wllh d-wjti'e as 

COUNTRY LIVING ' 

CDol, quUl, and<Nan. Now 
3-7-7,MOOM-ft.fciivry o" ' •' 
3 otrai, RlUd wtrh ti**i, bW», end worfiir Kdlwr*. ISi.MO )• 
$45,ooo. fro^ii <BMild*'B<l. ikawn by t«nn*ll 
!*•• 

&94-2741 . 

PEeascmton 9.3 Acres 

1o mln. to Loop 41* .. 

( e n c c J postures-Cow Medail'an 

 omo, 3-?-l, Lortje tanULy room, car- 

 pot. AH rAodcrn'Cenuol ol/. heal, 4o1 
"OKjTOicd pflrch, (full ireci, tJeor 
Ahcors, shops. S4o'3. VA 7.5% F^xl- ble llnanclng. O',vner, 547-JJI? evet., 

GRiSfi 

5.8 ACRES, wli:i 3 bedroom ho^se, 
Oi.ier Impicvcrr.enti, ar-d txautlfuj recs. At Poteet. S35.ooo. 

COMMERCIAL ONE REALTY ., 

Real circle • 

Broker 

CA6-W57 
D14-9424 * 

LET A 
J. A. DESS 

REALTOR* 227-81o5 

WANT 
D' Acr«u;c wllhtn WO miles 

Anicnlo. Wll.i or without 

 house. Will give 2$% down. V/lllInn'1 la let owner corry rate. Coll *23- 
3HO. ?"CL6-^___ 

'MODEL. 14x7o MC GREGOR 

 mobfic l".onie <xi 2 b l e o u t l f u 

... lols- 3 bed'oomi, 7 batni, romnlclely furnished. 3 car carpcrl a'.l 1o*9 iloras": room liOEHNE UANCII «EM,TY 

Docrno, TCADS 

Cliff Lw/is. RMr. aoti Slunr, Assoc 

PHONES 
Direct Lrne lo Dccrr.o 
2»-nn 

WEEKEND OR 
YEAR ROUND 

 bile ^o(T-^ — 
^.^ 
W,W1J%, 

H.1W. REALTOR. 341-ttn. 

 of lofs lo 

C a n y o n Lake lor tilricr pur- 
. Some nice mo- x' 

NaulorRealtH 

VJHtL 

 sMc crcttrlclly yrf 
ATSOT^ & SOU- 

175 ACRES 

 m Loop iwt n.\v. wllh ad ficnf m CuVb.-n. Also 

Rolf and Gali Roods 

 life 

Iro.-trarjc 
. 

Sul nn!c votdlvldlo,, or Iwcilm 
Co.l E.D. GOIO M7-81C5 or R4-541J. 

RtftLTOR » 227-8)o5 

HI LI COUNTRYTlVING^ 
» mi;. NO,n, sror M<HI. n\ Horih. 
Dccxilltul 1 slor/ ho^,, j.,.A rock 

 rlrtptoco, o!r all applloocei. cc£i- . tfy cluu crlvlleg«. Aiiumc JI.OM - 

' . ' " " 
1 - •"">»*'. Ml- 

' AREA. 79 acres" oTqowt 
-—^'feff'S 

. 
. i harno vtllh ccn- 
. Owner will ». heat a:*I 
. so rail 
HUSHES 4 V»KEFIELO 

 sn'im! 
"«VTORS 
« i < / 
?5yi!! 
MLS 
NORTH 

VMKEFIELO 

HEALTOR5 
SJ3-SSI7 

MLS 
NOR1H 
~ 

"LOST Mli 

 acre Iratli, 

 lions. Coivenl 

15 Acres near Lavernia 

UN1VEIISAI. REALTY 

 oH^il _ 

|nvHlnKr>1 n-ojierlyril) ocrn," Foi'. to na., a- woir, ,,„. o,cci ,J. 

»«Ml».L.O. Bl.r.PS_SLTr._«|.OW 

. ' / J ACRES 

RcAlTOR • 227-81o5 

1o Ml. 
So. ot J1o-1oo AcVeT~~ 

 ncre, 
JiJcol suto-tfi vJU& 

CON VALLEY.SY OVJNER oni over en acre, born and 

 horse shcJ, Ihofiei Mrn-.iHeJ > r^ilf fM-ifli- "1 ^_i"":^» ••«• 

 sUAVANO PARK TOWNSHIP 
.". 

 an Incorperatid retldenlla] com' my «f 425 homes. |l IMS ilioiy 

Drowlh of over M years, Lo<at*ti within 14 m'JiuIlt ol rjownlcwa ion 
AntOBlfl, vfa NV/ E*pr«nway, ill 13, 
It h close t» Nwlh Slor, Ctniral 
Park, ond Wofldirlond S h a p p l 

CompiiK, The bcaulv'cl a lurpfl^aV covtrcd sll« vtlirt al| cily cenrinl 
**MI I ncluainrj natural got and curbid naved t'riati tun be >o - 
A 119'x2M' ilia ca« ti twugM 
:o*y terms «I 1o per cent down, 

WALLACE ROGERS A SONS 

1J1J* tt.W. WiUlary 

OR CALL 412.1o41 for ,nfarrvwiier> 

"WAHT'TO'cilANOfi scitooL DISTRICTS; 

WALK 
TO SCHOOLS, SMC 
/•(ID f'ARK — 1rom Ihli 4 Mdroom y/ Jxilht, llrflnq rocnn, scnnrrrle <Jln- in-r fio-n, In-rjc pcr-elftj rien (wllh firrp'aco), innlern ailtterlric kltcli en, on I acre ol 1rxvl. Only ei few rn-ie; oul ol Sin Aihufo In Cotttoi w»*\%*"»"2:f •**•* ^" 

 t 17o.ooJ" n OYO 

VJ11_o a B 

, 
T.nn.M.Tortr nux in. Kerr- 

'- -' 
781JS, cw co'l t«f ' 

 of tWS (on rw onum*d or m« II- iwoclrto of your choice. 
OEMtf P ATT OH RCAUTY 4M-MII 

3oMD"LRFT pflrt 1JI* 

 l.lko new 3 nivf 4 hervoom, . Arvyon* cnn lioy. For Info coll Arfom. 

PHOIIO YOUFl WAH1 A """ 

 hfMxl, tteii 1o stKw:», nixl Ims, An nclntmert_only Wfer Sfvn. M34oII. 
? Acnris on ni.AfJco'rtD, n'miii. irrtiti lw>4, IJuple*, 7 Qiro'i-), Itnfi* 

_ 

"YOUR" w/iiif " 

Boh S tjMljB2r,7 

C<unlry Llvlg^ alTiTiTcVr 
;...f;.,'5,"!:_? te'"' ,Vucf h.: 

It e l e c t 

LOTS 
U^D'^Tii'i n-^l 
I.J ocra nr*l 
39 

 oc«> In Sr/lOCCOAcil ln-j illti/1""1"1111 U"W' 

Don Smith Co. 69o-244o 

COUNTRY 

TRACTS 

FINAL CLOSE OUT 

RIVER POINT ESTATES 

On tho OuDilalupe River below Canyon Dum. 

DISCOUNTS UP TO 5o% 

* 2 Riverfront lots $11,5oo 
* (1o) 1 Aero lots wilh access to Guadalupe River Ihru 

 large Pnrk. Starling at $35oo. Water system, paved 

 streels. 

Co/1 Royco Brown for appointment 

(512) 964-3422 ... Canyon.Lake 

"A Division of Global land Corporation" 

13J ACRES, house, 3 lanVs, on pave- menf. Cortfzo v/tHI. Ovwver flrv 
RiS Land Co. WI-1S96 

-fc LO 
See tf\e 
S-<5' 
1o m l n u l e s Ifom \Vonderrond 11 ceres on Scenic Loop. Terms by 
^ _ 

18 ACRES, near Pipe Crecft, has horni, 2 wdls, jon pavc.-ncnt. R & S 
Land Co. 6&M59A. 
__ 

 cTicr Rgnnlng crcpJr, Targe ook!, 5 ocrei cr rrore on Co^wily road. Qan- cpra county. Easy tern-.?, by m/ntr, 
KoiP*' or Rllcy «?j.H11, riles I- 

 from loop 4'.o, 
Call 
Ic 

_ _ ftbftJEpsl'gmjtij-OgJ: 

Bcaolilcl HonveiHie, o!cto>~f,i acrei. ft ml. S. Goniales H. ,. ... 
1Xo1 fronl age. 
Could be d:vtded 

Cltywaler, itCOO acre. 512-412-S5?5. 

4 ccrei In It* HHIs cbovc Medina 
Lake with larpe furnished mobile horr.e. Buy equity o.-d osiume pay- 

ONLY 4 LEFT 

Juil i rarge Iract ^efl In bcaulilul 
Oak Vlllaoft Norlh. 52ooo lowing.!. AH ulllllles, a beaulHut place 1o live. 

Call RAY WOOD 

JM-5O3, nwrn. A eves. OW«5S 

 iOK OUT YOUR WINDOW * 

 iisrcecus view bineailiIt you 

I. Only 

OWNER FINANCED 

1362 acres 8 soulh of Krr 

4o.8 ce/ts In Sa&Vial Coni a r o i s tord, scaltercd iti ms by owner. Kosper 

. Cho'ce 
Sj eoiy r 
Rlley 

 vllle. Good h u n t i n g . Viy», 

 o^n< $43.o3 p«r mo. [or 15 years 
'A% Ccrrx? b/ L&M Enlcrpfiitii wy. U soulh or call (5131696-352S 
1o-73 

1o ACRES NORTH 

On lea ot mounfa'n. View for miles 
Or\ paved road. Already llnanced. 

Danny MajTinei «TVJ1J7, &H-o3J3. 

Obto'n HUD prcperly report Ira. 

 cvebpcr antJ read It before s'nnln 
-flh^ng. HUD neither approves It rlh of the oifc/lng nor tt-c valu 
1hc properly cs on .nveitmcnl, ny. 

 t acres on beautiful stream In DOA- 
(Jcro Coufnly. Loll ol tr?«, easy 

3 ACRES 

7 twdrcom frouie, 
5( 1,oo7. focfnfj 

North ftislcr 
Rd. at St. 
Hcxfwln. 
Cos*i or Conventional. c D.HARRELL 

S».7»71, 
3)J.7J31 
333.«77< 

LARGE BUILDING SJTE 

1 mt:o from 4-COp 41t>, FJW ife&lrcd lo- ealton. Deep soil-wooded area. Wa- ler, cily cleclrfc ond I c I c- p h a n c. 
M7.7P n»., small (fokvn, 7% simple 
I:?'*!"6?1: ^PlLJ^IL fc'1*"" ^l22^!. _ 
Semersel ~Ar«a, T3 
3rnalL~""acrca3C trocli, trees, wilh house. 
44I-31M L.O. RIPP5 RLTY. tf41 

HILL COUNTRY 

TRACTS 

Just Under an Acre 

SfiflTHow down end mMi!hly. 
Vicvr. Ircct, paved loatf. 

349-2244 

Bc.iudfnl Btilvcnte Area 

 o v e r on acre. *75o. 
1o% dj.vn. up 1o 12 vcar^ a1 7% 
Inlcrcsl. 

348-2288 

EXCEPTIONAL 

Lcroo spccteui Iradi 
(al- 

 most 1 acres) $371o. Excel- 
Icrvl t c r m i. Large 
Irecs, 

 view, paved road. Preillue area. 

735-7744 

NEAR BY 

IB m':« oot Sen Pfdro (?9I rwrth) from 
41o. 
Over on 

 acre. MtO, ISO dowr, US.37 per mo. on 
2-4, monlh 6% 

 nole. Owner f I no n c e d, no 

 qiJal"Vlni822-5o75 
OMo!n HUO property rcp>t from developer and read 11 before signing a n y t h i n g . 
MUD neither approve* llw merlli of Ihe oHcrlng nor ir>c value of Iff iwcpeily oi en [nveslrrcnl. If any. 

15o Acres—Northeast 

CbQe o4 present c!cwlopm«nt, ntar n«w V/lndior AlaM s'.1o. Vi mile hwy t^onrcorl iMM per acre. Fiextole lerms. CALL TODAYl 
349-2W7 eve. 34J-21EO 

WALKER J, nAg.NKD.EY, RcallQ 

KEPOSSKSSIOXS 

Several choice repoimitani. 
]usr make SM.« back pay- n-.pnl a*d loke up rote. Ex- cellent HIM Country land 

733-7744 

JOQ sq. f 
25 rollin 

 irvcmorob'o honw cl 5JOQ 

>alest:caily sllualcj o.i 25 
T*-il uckJcrl acres on 
HlgH' jil Cajl ol Lullna. A lacy, wraith 

 rr.ill odd a romantic louch to Ihi motH'-ficon! hon\o of 6 yeari. Thi ilobJei, shaJctl by big Irees, li rwrtlcuUrl/ dcllaftirul 
4r>o1 for lt>« 

 owners ai welt ai Ihe horsei. The porch end polio ore of tiuarry til 
\vllJi splendid Corlnthkxv Crowns cm 
I'lllDfi, The uhole place Is bcaulik and In.iQyallve — ar.cl Includes bciJrocnis, J'.^i boihs, sprinkler sy) tern, 2 water vrells, 3 cor ooroa* ond curving drlvewny. ll's nil brlc end iuperbly bulll to last many firrwi. fi*cso co^l JM K. nc 

Rcalior, 4S3-6U6, Area 
51? — 

 wrlle iWO Airport EJlvd . Auslln 

R^DUCI-D $I5oDQ 

Hill rounlry ocrcooo IraclJ thomilng horn* silt. Juil r«- dvced fo *M«/ wlf/i OWMT flncuxlnp on ling term noli. 

822-5259 

. , 
- -- highway fron 

16 and 4i. 3 housci, aaol 

 fences. Inr-dlng llrln. Live (reek jevcrol loVe silei, Nallva ond oxoi; yctre. Excellent 
Cnanclnfl. 
Drokt 

PtxlltlpoHon tnvll«J. 
. n. t1. DavlPion • manor ill-3»JtlM P.O. Cox 1U1 
... 
San_M_o£CO». _Tixai 7ttU 

C*c[triit, US'XJJJ'. V/oicri'cleclrli: 
W, diy r^fp*xwi*- Oooit ion. & in from Loon XlO-CuJcftra. 
SISOO r^u 

 ty, pnymtnl* IMO/iJJ* P?".- 
""'"HrLLCOUNW 
J) ncrM vrirri ponrxomrc vlaw. 
4 

 rrJn. from Loop -11o. S1XO r>or (icr« 

Ilol) ShiilUJ!:ll-C2CT __ 

Horso lovors Ariso! 

Owr * ocrel ol Inml wttfi J l«i rrxmi. t tx]Ml honw nnil IIIIGO moi ern »orkihop 
>«.CM 
4HCSM 

411 D'Xl . 

HKPOSSHSSIONS 

TiHtHKnl rep*. Aiium« n by ninhlno i^ Ixiili p fiicult. r 

693-3591 

 owered w,Hi beautiful oa< Irc.. 
•unules to New Braur.lch or Ctmyon ckc. Cabin. Corral, water f24-793? San AnVonlo 

ACREAGE TRACTS iall down. Owner financed, Imi ato rrossesilon. Caslle Lake Ro/... 
5-23JI MMy. li belwccn Pipe Cree 

Just North of Town 

Our clry Is y:ow1r>g. The «n- 
<*rny crisis n a oy producf cf ihc pccpk crisis. Tli-js 
Jood Is a oellcr investment fJwn ever. An cue ond a half bclivc-cn here and Can- yon LQXC. 

349-2258 

Obtain HUD properly report f'om developer ond road it before slrrifng a n y t h i n g . 
HUD ncllhor cpprovcs tho 

 n-.erfls erf 
Hie- olferlna nor 

 the value cl 1h# property as an investment. It cny. 

RETIREMENT HOME * 
OA lot, Su1!~cr!onrl Sprlrvq^' 

IPPS RLTY. 6*8-<H» 

In Texas Htll Country 

o2o or 5o ACRES, $7f5 per Ac 
(ear LcafeCY' Tcxai, ood G a r n 
Park. Very scenic mounlainsr Irc 

 rxl ifccr. Call 512-5*2-5513 aflcr 6 

*1 FT. X 35o FT, LOT, Iraller cr orse welcome. At Cbolo, oil hoc ips. McCoy, Mro735,_san Anlonlo. 
DEVINE. 3" licdrboni, 3 balh JICHT 

? r.ar norogc, central l-.cat an acicss ir.c slrcct Irom Ihe go 

 course. Assume or coavcnllcnal 
.arming. 

 rfUGMES A tVAKtrriULD 

?<-OJl 
FtCALTORS 
83E-5S 
OUT|t 
MLS 
N 

 lock Home end 2 Acres. Low"eql 

- 
- 

Close lu-Prlinc Sllc 

Al Ihu heart cf our dly's 
<jrowlh Ihcie (to a 2 acre valley that Is covered wllh 
OaK Irecs. 
Must sell, will 

 n-.oVc price ar.d icrms ric11'. 

822-Go75 

Obtain HUD prenoily report 
Ircm developer and read It before sinning a n y t h i n g . 
HUO nelir>er appioves tfic 

 n-ertls of Ifw ofterlnrj 
Mr 

 tho ua'ue of tftc property os o.i Investment. If ony. 

9 ACRES ROSSVILLE 

Under Constructioin 

On a c r o a o o . 3 oc room',, 2 bain i, -I be rooms, 3Vj bfilhi. nri end rocK. Sunken 1am 
\v r o o nv 
Ouv rtn 

 chooso c.vn colors, r 
I o.tJ vorlefy of rilans ova 

Don Smith Co. 698-244 

Kites; figi-aiM, W14U 

5 ACRES NORTH 

P4 neVjJi of flty. 

RAY WOOD 

 f(-SI15i *?MJii morn, and evei. 

HIL1 COUNTRY 

 nUANCO, TEXAS 

Iset-'rocms, 3 balhi, ? ccr ooro 
In loi» of storarjc. Wodtrrn k.tehi oil rooms panei-ra and c <i r p o f e h r u o u t . tavely yord-US^lSS * 

 garden spol. Lois of pecon, trull n . wale trees. Coll Joe Noel 1-8134546 o 
49-1-54M. 

C.O. DALE REAL ESTATH 

GRAND OPENING 

RIVER'S EDGE 

 torga" tivcrlront hit tfn the beautiful Gyocfohipo River. 
[ntmed.'otcEy b3lov/ Conyon Dom. Fith for tRa'nbow Tfaut bcnealh beautiful cyjwuii or,<J pecan I/CL-S. Drive1 ou1 rrii% 
Vft-c-kt-fid. Hwy, 3o6 ot Conyon Dum. 

 ftoyce Brown & Assoc. 

P.O.Box 1o32 
New Braunfols, tx. 7813o 
> 

512 — 764-3422 
*** 1rirlr*-trtrir*ir**+-*-*+1i 

ZONED S^3 lol In an «xC«U«fll «n1roJ 

 of Locale. ta>o4 for f wnoTl cftV* build- 
I-MU W-WI« *«• 

6pm. 

 willy, tar m*dJ- teal rifj. 414- 

 ovvj frxwfl lre«», high/ vUwv. 
RALPH AltMlTKQNO CO, t 

 nting ovoltobW, [ 
, 1*11 a mint m-i 

 out lotio 

M wle*j, Fi lo and FM 

THE ESTATES 

C a n 1 

. 

NaularEealjy 

Suburban Proparty 

—Acreorje 

AliMDST 2 ACRES 

NO MOBILES 
Ji wolcr, fxivcd street, corner lo- altoT—mgr.y tcecj. Only J19W per ere. «o monthly will buy. 
JERRY BUCHER 

-7oiM 
AI1tr 7 p.m. 

MARIKA ON LAKE LBJ 
171' on lake. Beat lain, tervlce, cnlcJi. 
Cabins, co'e pLvs. Sacri 

KO.WO tfn or tckt parlner. 

Ai Jacobson Itealty 

4X;» (urn mobile end 2 horses on 4 
Xres Itnccd. \Vlrh wdlcr citclrlclly d-vt ieplic. Nrar Pipe creek J7.ooo or trade, aid ciiumt pay. 

 s. Rlley or Kaspcr 69S-S441 or 
JJO5U6K 

RETIRE TO THE HILLS. •»" a;"re: cor Ulopia. tins targe home and all 
"• convcnJcnce* to make yojr re 

 nenl ckeam come true. Call 3-I1' 
; ntles. 9?^^ji. 

& CO., INC., REALTORS 

74.3 acres in, HW orawtn pattern ol 

JACK MITCHELL 

. Vflll rctfe. 

JACK. ^ MlITCH E U. 
^M)^ 

^COMPLETE MOUNTAIN TOP * jjie-d-a-SOnd, over 7 acros hctwccr 

 large rar.chci 3oo degree view ol la.n m&unlains. JO mlnulrs iwrrti 

TW,?55. Robert 
494-3211. nllcs 
V)4 m. 

ALMOST 2 ACRES ~ 

NO MOBILES 

<os vralcr, paved s1re«t, corrcr lo- aiJcui—many trees. Only J19oo per icre. $<Q ironrhiy will buy, 

JERRY BUCHER 

97-3S3I) ft r_lg_f_7_ p.m. 

LYTLE 

\ CANYON LAKE 
• IDT—Large lol 75x17o rwo 

 loko. SI 2oo wilh $6o| down. $16.26 per mo. lo« 
96 mos. 8V. htoesl. 

IOT —Hiflh on hill. Bcaulilul | 

 view, iv/imming pool ond | boal ranip nuarby. $MOO. 
CAPT. E. JONES 

923-621 1 

. AREA- 
,_ 

 land. Water liable. SJO.OOO. M', will carry. Write Ka 
131, Lvlle. Tx. 7BOJ2. 

 ii.il electricity 
, ctawri. Owner rl Glume, Cox 

NORTHWEST 

BANDERA 
«O.—2 Iracli logclher 

J«M caai-UMIIIks, o o r d en soil 
Low monthly paymcnls. Gonzolci 

J.1S86. 
SOUTH WEST "ARFA o n v r n l c n t location. 4 bedroom 
:me, needs IkJsMrig on lnsld«. A[>- 

 nroxlmalely I acre. JERRY BACON 
R FJ A L.T O R. 622-3255, (1) 4W-32i? tJI-3313, 

 ftcsort Praporlloj 

KIBRVUlTARfA 

RIVERFRONT 

Beoulilul Cyprcu trees on lliii riveifrrjiif (of. Paved load, RW power; phone, tash ptke 55,ooo or owner finafued wilh S1oo down, IS yean on balance al 
$48.26 per mo. 8'/(% annual perfpnlogp rote. 
Take Stnte Hwy. 16 (Bandera 
Rd.) $ tnilci noithwc^l of 
Medina, Texas to FM21o7tlien 5 miles west la: 
Rio Medina Ranch 

Q[f«e Of en Sikri!cy ar.d 

MEDINA RIVER 

KIMVILLE ARIA 

 fn\py itv.'mnr'ng fn your own iwimm'nn ho'c or [ml take it eaiy ond luh, Nice fiacl wilh cypress trees. $5o cfown t29porrroplh. 

EMORY JONES 

354*1931, nit.i 734-4677 
. 

BEST LAND BUY 

 in SourliMctl Unilod Slufcs 1o acic-i or kirrjur. Siail your fancf pLrcliosc *vi|f, ns lillfc- o1 $7o cfrpoiif. Call cKXi (of me tell you about it. • 

736-4574 nifes 826-3o25 

Ms, rtwr ck-b ond sw1rnn..,.M 
. Owner financed. Ai lltllc as down ord S1/.24 per mo. 

L.E.T. REALTY^ _ 
9M-61IO 

~* BEAUTIFUL ~i-~ 

*o FT WATERFRONTLOT 

UPPER LAKE PLACIO-5EGUIN 
-ovely Area. Clly Wafer efc. ' 734- 

L^AiJLAI1_MAE KELLER,JlEALTOR 

6 lots ur.'mproved Rockport. Si5oo. 

Ex<fllenl repo. Atomic rvole by m a k i n g up beck pay- 

G 57-35 8-1 

ACRE or 
«), city 

3 acre Iracls. Monv er. o\Jl or rl(y l*il 
»s. Horo'd Schnabcl, 

REAL ESTATjl liiii'coimtrT 

 txrei v,IIH 75o fl. on 
Hawing 

 cr«rt. 
LO/QO tr«j, »c«nk rrtoun olni. Near Coni[i Wood. Inveit or retire, cmy term*, sold ond 1 ir.n n red ly o*t-.er. TutVer, 735-76U; niolil 
?«;WI 

OAK VILLAGU N'OUTII 

Ovir 1 ncr« wild wrHer ana c1«ctilC' lly on Mrrtkxj 
River rw^v 
PFn« 

Coih dJifWJul or eujy le 
, 

 y owrxr. IHI»y or r nllri j -UI 4161. 
* " 

. . acres with hilllop vl«w. ,,,.,,1,- 

 t-Yn InixtM, ooks, on pavr-il coiner 
In growliKi IM MI'S Rtitr.h Uilatf i nrro. iJO.Cna 
Toll Mr, A'dnill or 

Wlr. T.lllcV. »J.M4|. 

CAPITAL IVHOpUflTIIJS CO- ... 

V ACHfiS, 6 mil pi" nflrlli *LyNp tin 
HiVy 3Jf Mcwffin J britrnooi fvin\r, 
Terrni. W.B. Alfclm. 9tt Mil 
To\p gp rxiymcnti on V< hereP'rio'illi* wetl for hum* tMilhllnn. Wnltr, uly 

Over 3ooo »<], |J- N horn* on |J fltfrt. 
Co11 nowl 
Tnu*1«, r l a r a l U 

CONDFIA RflAL CITATU 

 la I Timinrrl'nc Chalc! - 3-1.', wl roJ a'r, licoT, river, lillli, go 

(Kcui vlcv/, near n a n ti e r a, w lease 1ivo rronliis or n'.ore. 5. Oler 

Lake LBJ Waterfront 

Constant Level 

Only 85 Miles From SA 
Lovely tXick home , lust wtoi an? lDoklr>o for, 15o' walerlron bPdroonii, 2 iioihi, exclusive secl ku-gc foyer, doutirc boat ftcuiB ewclrlc 
IIH. 
V^.OOO. Contact 

Jorcs KIngitcnd Oil fee 
(91 S) 
•rt-u. 

Mobile Home tiel«c*i 
..a ke_ Ays tin, 6S3-i352. cTITi N o" OPTION" 3 Bedroom 
»n'B - Loka Duniop. Many boo liVl tre«, above lioort level, pat: jrac 
Dar-H-Ouc. ccn'tnfcd dot 

JUSO. WftiVH: P. O. ilox MX Me iraunieli, for dckiKl. 
Walerlronf Clicfet, a-U>,~ccn'rafGT 

^CANYON 

MOBILE LOT 

1o.ooo tq. I)., roV.o V\?*t pool, 
IKHII ramp. 114oo. (1oo da^n, 
H i\xi*. Ot M1.43. APR IS. 
S2.S3 nio. mo I n tenoflce. 

^CL MILLER 174-UH 

Obfo'n HUD nron<rly report 
Irom dew*lopcr emit read if btlore ilartno anything- HUD neither nrproves Mm nverili of I'M oflcrlng nor Urn val- ua al 1he nropcrly ns an In- 

 fimo" l»"Vo~~tT"lh6 "laVe7~l."ooV" tKie< a wolfrlront loll \vllh I-. l o c k 
In 
5CS on 
I.OJ. 
RUI1 

•VRIGMT M(.««, 34J.SHI. 

DOB JONGS,^HnALTOR 

" "CAflYON L'AKe 

) ifan* lioiiie}, rovv^na "on. lo t».ooo. 1 *a1*ifraM, ] wMh v.. of ftiVr, Woler(rnnl (ol, ltS.T.SO. o1 
M Mlckoljlecrily. B47-i;ll, «!*-«" 

CA'NVQN'VAKIT 
MOriLR MOMn C5TATHS 
I.OCA1HD 1 MlLDS fJORTI 

STAHTZVII-Ln 

UTILlTlt!S AVAILAnltl 
Larti* 
WlMfrt l.oXtvLlw 
Loll 

AS LOW Al 111, 111 mi. 

MR. STnVCNS 
«IJ) ItMHf 

 l.oii ><j'oi><l' 745- C«>ny(*ii "l.nk« Tor 

Let 

HOCK! 
1uuor 

Let a Classified Ad work for you today! 

Call 
225-1666 

P'RfinY CORNER LOT 

FnOa>:4nili 

REQU-A REALTY CO 

RcoHors 

2 B*ourriurHl3JrLoJt,~E<Kj7 M>7x 

324^»._ 
*' 
' 
COC 

2 lo!»TilOOO 1ho^MOOT"Vi''J 111 u oft Joi*prilr.e Tooln. 7J3-S2o3. 

V/ALTE'R H. A 

Oaks and Open Spaces 
Ouird on .86 acre In Oc* Vllloa norm. Jusi 2o mlntfSes from north tftfe Malls, out San Pedro. Trees 

CANYON IAKE 

LOT —Laigclol 75«17o nuor 

 loVe. 512oo willi $6o down. SI6.28 per mo. for 
96rr.oi 8% inlciell. 

LOT—High or, KJI. BcoLliful 

 view, swimming pool ond bool ramp ncorby. $1 4oo. 
CAPT. E. JONES 

923-6211 

K. C A L r O R S 

ROSOW & KUNE 

OAK VILLAGE HORTH-OHLY M,75o 
Airmil an acre, choice. Ooki. 
111] RAY TEAL 713-17o9 
LOT IN COOL CREST, OalT 1r«S sell or trcde equity for Medina LaX properjy or boot rig. <3^12OJ alte 

NIco country hameille. cosy drive" I lo*m. Ml South OTKJ 131 Soulli, 92- 
B116. 7J?-26M. i37-6«2 

HYATT REAL ESTATE 

Farms and Hanthes 

'o!nl vonlurc c.i 
Lake- 
Travis 

.orge Jot level ground frt sectlcn 1. 
)/c/locking -tMXKHJiCi and rrn 

 block from ooif ccwse. Col 3 

 cd on Cul-<Jo-soc. Prfccd fovrcr 
__. 

•exit so'c prices. WNI II none o part. 

Canyon Lake. Arrowhead 

:OR SALE: 1-3- or ell &i rny odlo- 
.cnJ lolj oo the Blanco River. 3 llM Wcit of Dtanco, T*f. Da-n, re- trEdcd, valley v!ew, all weal her 
-OOd, clee., CASH. 5I2-K8-3372. 

$14,5oo 

Efficiency cordDmJnluCTi. 
Execullve 

Keyj, Pert Arcniaj, Tx. (312) 94S 
M7B, gller X p.ni. 

UAKEi&J 

FOR SAl_l=; 2 Canyon Lokc Shores 
Lois. *5oo Down, 6%. Owner. 

M. K. Jrhn»n 

I 
Rl, 4, • Qox 324. 

Pcmtroy, Ohli 41719 

PO'RT ARKANSAS 

Coral Cay CorMforrJniums— W.ove by April. Select from. 3 bedroom, J balhr 2 betJrooins, 11A halli*; 1 bra- 

 ism. 1 borhj or eflicier-.cy. J4d,ooo 

S3 1(5oo. Gull vfcvj Iroilape. 9o% 

 iQTcIno- CaM i*S Iw br>xngrc 

 expense pafd occommtxlalkns 1o spect. 4?<-C12t ANY1IMU. 

R I A I T O R S 

'ROSOW & KUNB 

PodVc -Island lo!, by owner, vnlwcj 
MJ.OOO; set! S1Q.9M. ' >2J-3in. 

LAKE LBJ 

7V Waierlronl name iii-Ttj^ alter ji pn 

S A C R f P I C E 2 C\NYOU LAKE 
LOTS, iconic Hei;vht* 2, i^oo cae^. 
*?174JL_ 
_ 
„ 

RIVER 
ROOST..V.33 "Ac«£ on""Sen 
V.arcos River, 1.ooo II nf cleared 
Iver Ifonlaoc wilh peca.i tr«cs. GA 

QRICL REALTY 
1-512-379-3763 "" 

 i^J<_o_r 4H-?3a5. 

CANYON LAKE 

.Volerlronl Lot In Good Sub-Division 
For SJ65o. CXvner \vlll fir.once, Mony others. 

B & D REALTY liwy Ml 1n CanyPnC<1y ft era i s Ihe Street fro ni 
River. 3 bedrooms, l'/i twttn. Vec'a ble gcrde/i already In. Only iXl'DOO 
Conyen LtiVe Rogl Eirolo Co. 1-?M- 

^crleet Weckerider. 5 h o r t r o o m s 
•lew of the hHli. Only J12.ooo. Ccn on l.ak« Krai ESlale Co. I m-77o1* 

R^iTk1:VbaTM"bdllTeMi~A"Frame 
Ccmiulctclv p a n e l e d 1-1. Oalccny ovcrwcHna Ca.iyon Lake end HII 

CrTEEk~FR6Nf~OY"OWKER 
. ft. frcnrnrj on a Qfxnt creek — wo'e rial I—access to lake for llshlng uootlno. PreferIckabono «nd Ke*r lil« vlc'nlty. Vi» da-tin, i55 per nto 

 ff 

LOT 

Hcautllul wooded, loVc view, close 
Li/ loVe. AH Iniprovenicnli, 
$1oo down, 7* 
- - 
- "' 
. 
._nl*i^Y n> 

MCL MILLE 

HUO rM-oncfly report fron licvcloptr ond rccxj it tK-fore ilo-Urn onylMno HUE) nriltv^r nf>pravcs I' writ* ol Ihe oflcrlni] nor i*w veil il Ih-e properly os an Invcslmcnlr any. _ 
C o n~y o ri 
LoVB 
Loli^ 
Neirlfr ilile. 
Tn.-ix>rack 
ShorM. 
Paved 

 slreeli, i>lllilici, i w I m m L n a noo'< 
— rIful view J^irii. 
I 

THE BEST 

WEST TEXAS RANCH 
J, 1 14 acres, oat 
Ireci, 

 csquilc trees, superb lurf, 

 g-oss, fenced and cross Fenced, 

 rcll wafcrcd, Ifirge sprinfj, mnny 

 deer, large (locks of lurVcy, 
Mjbraif, whMc & hluo qua'.l. A hugh two story Vklorian home with ccnlro! heat & en'r. A mar- 

 us p!acc, f<xcman,'s house. 

Mini, pens i weighing scales. 
Ihii is a roal cucoplional place al below mask el piicc al $225 an acie. 

CALL Al OK ORIG GAHHA.WAY 
*«H&i, re«ar..(ST3} 477O3B& i qannawau i 
I JLANDCO.DI 
I_R»VCHH . VIN1UIHI I 

A complete farm and ranch market for KarnrM, Wilson, 
Dewill and Gon- 
;ales counties. 

FINCr) REALTY CO. 

Nl-on. T.>B. 

(512) 582-4521 

R S ACRES con be bought i 
. 'f end ol a 9,5 a<ire tract wl 

Good owner lerms. J?7SO to $3ooo r icrc. south of Dcorr.e in Kendo 
:oun!w. 

RENTZ RANCH REALTY 

Buddy Renlz, Realtor 

 lOi 5. Main 
Do^rrve, Tx, 7BOJ 

(S1J1 2i?-J3ia 

Zoned Heavy Irxhjilry v«1lh 
•XM II. en US Ml Soulh by l.3» ft. deep. A Heal nl 7£c per sq. H. Tctmi. 

 l McCuIl I,. li. Really 

 ugh San Anlar 

\Va OLrc Iracl on a movntaln jwrt 
3r a nice hcme or mobile Ixxno, usl Investment. Top soil and ntoi 
OoK trees, i/res gsod tcrnii. Co 
"' J^1]^.^-2211^^^^*-*^ 
"OLD HOUSE ON RIVER 

T*o slory rock near 
Medina, 

 oomi and 2 ooitu, ID1 celllnrji, jj wcce, |>ay w i n d o w s , lull wlc porch. Gacd water, orchard, 2 c 
;araae, workshop. 12'/» acre* t ween H»f td anrj 1?oo It o! cicc 
Ivcr. Crpr«ij Irecs ar.d pernxme 

JACK JACKSON 

PO Box 1SI, Mcdha, Tx. 7 

Phone (ill) uf.7U7 

•MX) 
ACRES. «5 ml. 
)<«st o 

Worlh. C*cfltcnt dror 1,-jnU.ia IT.. wr acre. RURAL REALTY. Gcrdo 

Fur mi MH! RwuH«i 
Express-News, Sunday, April 14, 1974 ~ Golden Twln-G-PqgB 1TG 

"HEYOIDPODMR" 

PONDER THESE 

PROPERTIES 

<35 ACUJiS— Polranco Rd. 

36oo II. Rood Irani on 
Form-Mailiol liny. 1957 

8o ACRES, Medina River 

Ironl b«irroen Cailrovilio end Rio Merino, Modirxj 
Covnly. 

1o ACRES, Gullboau Ril.' 

Brick fiamo, 4 br. — -2 bulb "STOP LOOKING 
START UVINO" 

2o5 ACRSS, Culobro Rd. 

29oo II. Rd. l/onl on FM 
Highway 47 I 

J/.5-13.5-1J.2 ACRS5. 

Al 3 Irotti fronl en Loon 
16o4 and luilio Rd. llirjt.way front & Ixjrk, 

67 Atroi Broun Rd. 28oo II 

 front en Oiowi I 1oo (I 
Iron! en LesUo 

1 34 acre* Braut> Rd. <jl Gafrr 

Rd. Hecdi developer. 

65 Acrei FM H'/ry H71 ai 

Boor Si. in Co Caste 
Medina Co. All ulilili<ji join property 

"IIISU 1HIIIH/IG AMD 

MIAMII1G? ' 

Cod 
CAlVtN OAIM. 674*31 18 

Real Estato Div. 

432-7881 

I.E. SIIOCKty, BROXfB 

NOTICE: 
, 

Ht»»:rlloH!lioir>tiillilole cr U/ie.-ntfid tikre ilti J( rsl on 111! 3to,t I il, (si: dO IOM, He ritilyw.1 Laiirtt! 

432-7881 

1(OM Aue* en Sen lia/tes Rivn 
* capeiiV. 3M mrei icaibl. Two nice 

 rCr«i,St;i5 c:rt. 

'iffin/cfABir(i.S4oo.c(»!' fCM A(r» LaTp3«« {sunty icitb rerry- 
3?MtCT.ip'BikiS!riei'JlfiI(ei.He*bri 

98o *ties en lere^xri Bivn. Gc-»d hct 

S43S.cl..t. 

MACHORNE 
12 — 752-3347 

DIMMII eouHir rABM 

Good 3-2 wilh heal and o,'r residence. 2 producing oil wells, cilrus o/cliard, balance 
MeMi. 

 iqRIGAHD TARM. MEDINA CO. 

Nice residence wj'h lieal ond a r p.-Jced for quick sale. 

Los LjungdaM Realty 

734-7oo6 

Abe Caruthcn 342-o447 

Fvrmi M4 Ran<h«l 

Sooth Tex os Ronth«$ t 

* 2969 ocr«s, la Sotfa Covnl/, [ 

I ono half pur Ik open, cms f holf meirjyitc) b/ujh( (up«fb I 

| wan and lw[, 75 ocroi in I 

 i buffal gran, 4 Ian In, 5 j 

. wolli, one lo Carrizo SorxJi, ! will urn 2oo cav/ unfti. Old • 

I b-jt falid 4 bcuVaom, 2 bath | 

I houie, barm, pom. 
Deer, j 

| quail, javoKna, wild hogs, [ 

 j coyotes, v.of*et. i275 acre, j 
O«n«i ClnajxinQ. 
J 

A Aljofioveolrwr places • 13CXM 

- lo U,ooo <x»«i, $225 -I 

I 
)3ooonocre. 
| 

[ 
CAII At Ofi oita o*f»MVMr i 

! IULANDCO.JI ! 
| I MAMCHIS • VlMTUHl* | I 

If You Buy Or Sell 

UrvdliOvr IpviFalty 

 and Urg* R 

87 Acrti v;>lh very old *--ouic a1.. 
oooo" -well. HOW only good for hu.-.l c/i cabin. Loll of trees ull o^er. I s ocftlle laruj aid not rocky. Local ed In Iho iJorx> Oatin t>*^/£en 

WAIIKHOIISK . 

43.ooo iq.lU I2opfq.fl. office, 2o H. i l a r i n g e a o c c i g , rail rocwJ, plcnlr of paiVing. ipnnVlered, cupreffway occesj. For 
MlOiff. 
• 
• . . 

. WAIIKJIOUSK 

71,ooo »q. '1-3ooo in. II. offke; dock high, JO 11. t 

 lpr 
' p ly 

2o -f oc^ei — 35c per iq. h. 

Mcny oihcri (cr ia!o or leaie 

U.H. IIAItltKI.I.CO. 

^6-.>l7l \MIIMK 

OFFICE BUILDING 

FOR SALE 

12,372 Sq. Ft., '/i leased. Renl poyi opcroiion expenses, 
Balance of space availablo for tenant or purchaser. 

*** 

^,5o5 sq. ft. — Prime offke ipoce, excellent for Ilie pro- fession man, 31 parking places 

*** 

3,92^ sq. f]., 1st floor leased, 2nd floor available nov/ building, Norlhside, plenty of parking, 

*** 
D.B. Harrell Co. 
226-5171 

Buddy Rtnlr 

 tlC4 S. Main 
E. 

C$11] «?-3J>3 

OtcuHlul esft-cuilvc re 

 rr.irei of Llano River I jf g/afted ptcon trees, 
•arvcti iWLrtc end 3 ( 

 cove, //any springs creoV. t h r o u g h crop< malely £oo acres In al 
7oo ceres In Irregolalor 
"• -excellent hurt Mng. 

KERRVILLE . 

Oulsla-.dlng vokie lr/ 

:res, 
1195 do*rn, y. 

 toufHul vky/, large u* Irpcij cl&se In. Olher f tHjlld'r.g tiles y' r gardtTi spot. In 
-- in InaCom al 

\CRES v.'Ilh over a mltv of very 

 crcclc Ihrough prcpcrly. fAcny 
Bj. Very scenic, rvgnfl hll3j 

COv/n c*nlw of rooch looking oft 

 ito vjooded conyonj and valleys, lot on 1op wilh good road*. McctJ- 
« In creek vnlkys. tixJion mound, rtcr-tallorwl type ranch- Bnrid<?ra 

County. $i» pw acre, 

REHTZ RANCH REALTY 
Buddy Renli, ReaMor 

1o* S. Main 
Bocrnt, Tx. 74CW 

<31J) 24M21) 

FcrneS 82"-4143 
. EIDER uj;. R(a|,v 

5221 McCulloufjK Son Anlon!o 

768 ACRES 

?lg trees, volley i, creeks, springs 

 c c m l n g w>m wifd ^an-.e. 
NCQ 
Boern«, Tcxci, 
Houston Ranch Realty 
P.O. Bsx StO 
- acerne, Texas 7WM 
Edftln Houjtan nrfwlfl Houston Jr 

Area Cede 5k7 
7<?-311« cr 249-331 

******* 
FARMS and RANCHES 

A SPECfALTY 

MOM Thon Hoif Cenlury Service 
REQUA REALTY CO 

Realtors 

ARKANSAS-MISSOURt. 
F a r mT, 

Ranches, ft u s ( n c i i. Investments. 
BeauHful 
- 

VER LAKE. Ficc c a t a l o g . 
TUCKER, "Ttifi Land /.Ion11 
Aikanscrs, 72;5i. 
" 
~ 

I mp r 
;!ti, 3 takes cnd~<c*e pumps,"miles 

 of undcrcrojrxl wolrrplr*, and ^prln- kler syitetn, crops hKtucIe wticaL naif,' barleY, rye. rrewmiy carry- ng 6oo mother cows, OIK! 3oo calves. 
Has 3 bedroom, two txith nrlek lome ond 2 houses lor hands. Will aha sell rqj!pment. SJDO por ocre. 

'as targe Icoo, vslll consider ionic 

A. J. MALLOUF 
REAL ESTATE 
1BG6 Avcni>c E 

Drownwood, Texas 7£3CI 

~74S" ACRES-LOCKHART ARHA 

Gosd lend. EjeceMer.T tcncei, 1 ml. on paved ra*. 5 ooad lanks. 
Rurnlng ttuncfrcds ol cattlf on 
AOa acies oaVj, S4oo per oc, 
Ycu ought to sc« It. Call mt 

Howard Laws, ilMM-MIl 
GABRIEL 

 ally 

 fiirvri tn/yrra for torr 

 rcncrwj. For (ail oniT 

 ootacl 

? ord snial dependabli 

Strozicr Realty Inc. 

Horcsvljlc, Tcxns 
"T-393-2584_ _ _ 

'RIO F'RIO RANCH " 
o ACRES, 6 da/m, frontage on 3 
QMwoyi, A'rslrip, Iwpc house, be- 
?MM»*!..!r l ^"^ storc 

 r Maverick County 4 
W ACRES combination bruifi and fijqllW* Imaroved pailuro ulantcd dj|(*i wllh excellent hunung and 
Klilrvg. P r o p e r l y Is bordarcd by r«««i - 

ACRES itacit Mrrn en eanol— 

J3 (Kr«I bruih hvllh 

DUYI rsMp l:i FcrfT 

Sov« tlDOO by calling IftS p«r ocr 

Loll 

:>iwrwl lujnviirr or wrrkcniii o*fny 

 fro-)) lift clly. A nice collno« on a Mil QverhioVlrm vroler. 

BURKHAfiOT 82o-6235 

AL'AMO HEIGHTS 

 neilroblc i&cailon wim nioaniiie 
Ireii. Adjoins • x p • n t I v e ham«>. 
Shirt vrolk TO bonk, j h o p pla g, church. 

OWNKll 

Chokt Toft 1MXUO. Pnvdl itre 
CUy wolcr. LIpMi, US clown. mcnlti. M.L. AWQCA J4J-W14. 

HAST TERRELL HILLS' CORNER ill, central iienl nlr, carpel In hv 
Inn Ulniii'i 
Anunvi 
5'S"4 VA 

'"BUDDY UECKER l»-73*l 
»» 

 ft! ""**!*J*1*^ fl" H'^"^ '?'. 
"CANYON 'liAKe" 

 f titttrnont 1 h/ith homo wim I 
I«'<K». V«ry scenic vte\v, J13.J 

 nioNn raun WANT ^ 

-olPdfr In Improved pairu'r«"ir>at'ls 
Traced anO bdrdertd \vhrt ceinanl 
Ifi'if j IfMYi/flfwuf. Call or wrlfe realer T«*ns Martong* Investment flip. P.O. Box l?3in, son Anlealo, i211._Aiea cod* S1>—<)i-s-~' 
>u'ACR"as*or oKKl7onchl 
' oenllt iJjplrKj lerroin with |i>sl svcrol sowll Mill. Loll cl rive ooM 
I1li cedor ontl Spniliii o<ik. SevcroJ jhcrofii erf (ipniio^enl savings 
'«V Wrf. Cow-d*1 rrtAl I h r o u o h roourlv. Alx>nt -Is bnllci N. " 
' 

In ETnUern Kile- CowUy. 

Lockhart, Ttxat 

We have srnoil acre Irocls for l.. 

 tsu farm and Ranch property. H 

YCH> arc looking (c,r n idaco out ol 
Ihe clly coll. M12-393-X-**3, 6',«- 

I Hnanr (a self yn^-r prcpcrly. 
Ko n 3 e n t s p'eoje. Owrnjr 
F 

Lawion 
C 

ELDER 
L 

"SBUY 
NEW... FREE 

Summer Catalogue 

HOT OFF THE PRESS ., . calurlng t!^ ncACit In ccast I oast barcolnj in Jnrms, busliws., ellren-cnt, fccrcolion, 
Ir.vcslnxiit. 

 own \ country honiej. AH lyp lici, prices. PHOTO SI 

SAFE-BUY 

REAL ESTATE, INC. 

Hln»i OHIcc (1oK 5S9-SO 
Litllc Rock, AiK, 7i?o3 

Cleac Sparkling Wafer 
' ocrci with loll o1 rccj, inxiiJ lilui1/ avor- xiV'no ;ninl( 
Meltl m 

 nl=ey. 3< miles norlh ieu p| 
San 
Artto.'lo 

>u1 nandcrn lid. 

Don Smith Co. 

I95-8IW7 
3-12-31o1 

NITES »N-aHh 8M-J4JB 

5 ocre-s Nortfis'tfc. On wnler, H' 
City lovci, Idool silc f.ir home or 
. 

RENTZ HANCH REALTY 

 nwcWjr R«nlr, Realtor 

11o1 S. Main 
Baerne, Ty. 71o64 

I hai-tf o Qtxxl twytr lor 3o cicrci w>1ti oMtr rock Ixinic locatM not over I li<. frcn^i 
Son Anlo^o In hi'< covnlrv. 
Pref«- to deal directly wilh 
. No o 

PELDER r.T 

 ilfrrsGl and ^oMi»~ok"3"r. mild nwlh o-.il San l'*dro. r. r) r n c r tr<xl, en%y ntccssiit> llty 
Oivr-er flvnflno o-tillohle- Coll " 
M<ir,t!n 6^1 *?JJ, nll*\ 1 lijs <K<i. 
*k PUNNING CREEK"- 

 if lOdACRSS* 

 of hfo-jllliil llvo cmVi w>1ti pcrnvi nnnt cretkl Lrxig fronl wi Hwy< 4 

 ll«rre. Oirvn*r will 
|.i\nnce, Co 

Octlt Hunitcker 3M ?»^ 
^- RAWOI MARKET ^b- 

A^Vi?^^-3?-5 •?* fc L 

!iOltiincl'on f>lui It what voi' ex wilh on [UprtiiNCv,* ctoiiHretl ni 

12o ACRE'S-^- 

 nf ton.1 (renting on paved 
Rood. II Acre 
Loi,e. Wafer 

 on rosier Road. 
. 
$1,2oo Per Aero 
533-51 J5 between 8-G 

1 M" "ac>M~-lY " mile ~wcs t" " o1 ~ 
Ani'iloil. Coocf hunl.'rtn. 4US 
Cofl fWcliw or Nogo.1 «t-»S 
' 

9M.7 ACRES, Coltle Re 

1y, jood barn, 3 K 

3 tonkj, appro tirci. I m p r o v e d n amp Houie, wilh IroU. ,,«,, actvwJ. Good fences, airstrip. 

 rO-3,7oo Acrti, waler, g od croi s-fenced, 
Froi 

.'.re. Some Wlfh M'nc leal Eitole. 735 7972 

54 i- ACRES 

 miles soulh of Loop ells. V/lll :.ch all or 1 

CONNALLY 
UKAI, ESTATE 

J«4-«Ka__ 
M3-l?<6 

"«i L'C COUNTRY" 

 i ml ha 
Gcrxf fer 

 d * a I I me.it. 

 s. Hwy 

 hunting reci 

JACK JACKSON 

PO Bex Til Medin 
___ 
Pho B e jtsn^ 

Counlry riving ot Us 
Wafer 
SYMr-m, el*c... 

 oods, reslilcted. Only 
Balnr.cp at S93.55 per 

:nt tracts available. 
•ulh ol KprrvIHt on illy. Alter 6:3o call 1 

3 bedroom Ironic, Irrigation iveN. 42 ocrci <n C< onk-i, lots of other bul ike tcculy. Inquire ot> 
:r flncnred, 

GALE REAL E! 
AfVlMf.JlMci^ 

AD1HAL RIVER HEt n 
ACRES, two dai 

 lOmc looking oul over eitlr.q In W\ country, 
Ir.ar.cmo ovailobio. C flcck-Svlan, 
2l?3 
Sid" 

 lerrvlllc, 7Eg3$._AC jr 

:c-.nly. Near JWolton. i-.llci from San Antinl oom home, excellent [ 
1 ond r.allwo tiras-,, 

 onVj, seoso.-Ml creek, ercn 1rc«. WSO r*ff cu 
:ASKEY INVESTMENT 

Clint Leake Co. 

(1C REIITiS 

EAt-TY r.e, Tr, yeo&i 

 ter Creek In o rsc.rn houie troi'cr. CC<K! real. <H?,i«, 
EALTy eallor nt, 7x. 76oo4 
3 er "Ranch rent wlm 2 roniaae. ir/Js to rye mcdc/n 
Jthfj- hix-itj, rx*er groynd orvl running vly. Appfoxl- 

 v;Uh nt-ariy 

>. flwir Junc- 

I n v e s t o r 

 e/don B2J-MW 

'«• fea% 

REA 
Owcr. 1o.33 
?.5o monthly. oci( o-.d wat- er InveiFmEnF creek, view, m Hills Of- 
", open do!- 

 evenlngs. oaks~'r.ear 

 oaod well and y, near Slock- 

REALTY (1) 

 cmchrDem-nTi 

 xlirxitely 
4oo 

XJSlure, IBx.«) i«r tiousc al- alrstrip, deer mtr.crcl slru- 
A G EE rj T S 

 nthci g-ois, fenced, sm 
S1BS per wals. Jorn;ii 

ES 
41o. Hwic. 2 
o ccr-c Iracls 
LY fVm 

 d-5X 57Afl 

 a n o n t cree> 
1 Slfe for lafc 

 near W.cdlno rner rrna/wrfno crcatlonTcHro 

SON 
,?,ir "'" 
MESITES 
•1VILLE besl. 5 acres rklly, paved 

 y IUU down me-nlh. Creek 
Offke 5 miles 
Hwy 16. Open 
874JW?. cd Ranch oalfon Corrlio oasfaf. Groin 
'dines. If vcu ool nw. Own- 

STATE 
o^171 

\DQUARTEH5 ms. beoutlfuE 

\sTiler, unique ooad huillng. all or wrile dncv 
Hater, 

2-3S?-SKO. 
CMS, 
Lnvccn 
Leii 1f-an 1oo 
o. Nlct 1 rxil- wsture, Coail- 

2 beoutlful 

 live ocks end iccc cosh. r 
5IZ-275-3431 

NtRY 

 rear IH 
1C 

598-244o 
<»!>» lose In llflg and (Ish- 
It «^S-JW^ Of 

3 Co 

1 Form i and Rancriet I [2371 

 nvMtfrvtflt OppoftunHv, 22H ACRES, 
JTS^areo, jj.ow an tK/e. Owner' 

31 AqRGS hi HIM C our fry, Fenced stock ten* end hunllng ctbln Priced to sell qu'ck. Owner Ifnor.te 
M 
HUGHES & V/AKEFIELD 

 fj:35W7 
REALTORS 
WH331 

IJORTH 
MLS 
SOUTH 

„ ^ 
FOREST OAKS 

Dy Owrer. .1-2-J, living flmlng creo 
Dtn, fireplace, fer.ced, I3j,9«. tM- 

32o A'CRES 

Dlmmit ccunly. Z?o ceres ot Irrigat- ed Oxistof. 2 rescvofis stocked with f sti. U mile1 of cx>ner«:e [filches. 
Very ntct ? slory 4 be<iro«n hauic. 
'/i mrntial rights. Sales price 1475 acre. Flexible iincntlng. 

26oo ACRE'S 

O-n 
TJuecei 
River. 
4CQ ocies fn 

 cuHivariofl, excellent hunirnn, 
||o 

 mprovpmenli. i2^s per acre, 

LEE R. PETERS l-8"-37S? 

Box j» Co1u1k3, Ttx. 71o14 

1VO ACRES, Qernmit Co-_-nfy,"F:re mtw&'i'- "'""' "4-<"o' '* 

425 ACRES 

 on Little Fflo River, Oak ccvcner 
Volley, '/* mile on River fronlog*, on cc-.-nfy rood near Ltoy.w. 232-4MI 
5Ji ,Ac/«, D a s t r o p county, gocd 
Ranch lond, Impro Yemenis, 8o miles o San Antonio, ?S m'!« lo Austin, 
J«o_a^acre. By Ov.rver. S12-321-33-3 

 proTesslondl lfweilors~R(dlly 

P.O, flfix 311 
J12HS31S4 

Comfert, T#xoi, 73o13 

CO ACRES, 14 mllei S.e. of San 
Ar.lcnlo, hos deer and q-all, cxc-l tnl for poss;b'c roncWr.a, t«5 per 

5 ACRE TKACTS 

'Jo bulldlna restrictions. 1 o* down l a y m e n t . OwTier lina-ced. Cnslle 
Lo^e Ranch, SU-U11. Hwy. H bc- 
1»iccn Pipe Creek ond Bontfcro. 

SEVERAL GOOD RANCHES 

6oo ACRES UP 

NWNA ADA/AS REALTY nocrns 

Want Acreage Within 3o 

 rr-iles o( cliy Icr Investors. 

DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
7«-l36l 
8o3 GARDIN 

243 Acres-Ccltfwtll Cotnly" 

Near Lullng. Tile fttuse, 1anV. 

Goad wtll. Dier. Quail, 

3o4o11. fronlog*. JS75 per acre. 

Owner: 474-1S4I/ sA-UM, 

IU ocrei of I'rlrr.c farm tcrxl, hun 
!fV3 rustic, rolling, v.olcr well, Yor town. V;clf Reel Estate. UJS pc 
SM-Hs"121 i61"!6S' or M*-32« 

745 ACRfcS ol Prime (arm La-xl, 
Cuinvaflon. Near Sen Marcos, fto- 
P.'a n ration I tome, bcrr-s, pen i, acre laXe, end 1 mffc t>( H*y. fro lagc. Hfg1! Inrcme Polenlioi. Co 
Dcvtd Prfllip. 735-o6J9, 6*4-1649. 

HICK REALTY 

3o Acres o.i Son Antonio River ntar 
Rung*, old house, barn a.-Ht wind tnJrl. Vj Im large Ircc-i, V) In a oo 
2C% dosvn, owner (l.Tar.co. Call 51 
&EJM72 
HCRHO REALTY 

HOUSTON R'ANCH REALTY 
WL KNOW THE HILL COUNTR 
QOERNE, TEXAS (SI?) ?<9-2ll4 

JPPER'SAnTNAL CANYON 

7oo Ac. u.ifmproved live oak counrr 

J.IC. LEIGHTON, REALTOR 

Vo^dorpool, Tex. iJZ-ftSd-JW 

66o AC RES 

LAMPASAS tfANCH 

Over l,va miles rood Irofifanc. Onl i miles frewn Lampnjos. 
Fkswin 

 ciet^c Mm ranch. Ho ucrcs fn cull vclkin bafansic rolllr>g lillls wilh Hv 
Oaiw ar.d Ccdurs. NC.V nroblle nome co^rpl(^clY furnisrvcd. Excellent deer hunllng. Tetnii or cash. 
Contact 
Owner: 

C. N. Marsh &17-HI-5oo1 

S3) ncdroM Rd. Dcdlord, Tev. 74o3 

13oo ACRSS 

. wllh 45 m;ifs west ct SOT AnlonlD 
Moiliivi Cojnly-Ro^llng Oak covcre 
Mlls-lLts o1 gtirr.c, jolrcd by lorao 
(Cnchc;, 
J385 per aero with 
?5% 

 rtomn. per InformaCon <ail /A=rx!a 
512-(S3-Uii Gory RgbcMs. 
SH'"ACR'ES, ~x:.-T,Vc ~c*T"Rcncn/ " creeks tvllri b'a pecan Irccs, \'i ruin cral, deer, lurkey, ond \i^. Term 
£55o per acre, 545.WO down, Inlcra o.iiy lo- 1o year*. Call 

CARPENTER REAL ESTATE 

21o4 t* Alal.n 
Ji^ictlon, Tx 

(SIS) -14^3134 or 4-'S-28i9 

2 RANCH SPECIALS 

RARE BUYS— DY OWNER 
19» Acres-Necr Ulonla. Gcroeo^ ir.ounfafns, views, ana iprfntji; ex- cellent ^nllrgj tsl lime sale. «3 

Farms and Ranthas Ii232| 

552 ACRES 

 rlgnfed rn"ch In Improved grasses, need end croK fenced, loading 

 n. PresenlLy leoKd for rjrailng. rve ihul In ooi v,eil. A aood b-jy on txia/'s market. 

A-A-A RFAITY 

W HE Loo? 41o 
6;*-»« 

 i.7 acres RAtiCHLAND So-jft>easj 

K e n f i d y . Good fences, waier, pens, barn. ;ova open country. Ho 
'^Si.^ffeSS^1" 
GREE"- 

RRIGATED 
Ra-vc*, BcoullM, AT 

 o a s t a l ar>d Afpha, ruwirtg 5tt slhtr cov/s with a (eed lot, Write 
°o,r°3»C^!i!e C&' Co1U!Io' 7"o1 

EDWARDS RA"HCH~REATfY~T" 

Buy yoyr land frc-n tfc MMves, 

PTpfl Crttfc, TX. 4SJ-8UO 

3 ACRC& at "S35o p«r cere, 5«CO o-«.i. Hear Uropfa. Call DavftJ Phll- p. 7JS-o657, A64-1S49. 

HICKS REALTY 

Farms and Rcn(he*^f_-_^ 

 for Rent 
Jt 
J 

/ANT lease For cattle f o r m i n g ' 
>eslre ixaHon wilhlri 3o m'nutes of 
SOT Aniofilo, JI4 8ASI. 

3 acres, 33 to 3S miles East, Ccail- 

328K? 
' t>fln*' rt>C<lin9 chulc- 

Commercial 
^ fo-**^ 

Properly— Sale J Jj ^j 

1 
NORTHWEST 
; 

1 59 ACRES on Pri/o Rd. iC 

[-Covciedvill. Irccs bcavjliful 
. topagraphy far sub-tflvisio.n. ' 
' $33oo fwrutrc. 
1 

E. CENTRAL 
! 

[ 82 ACRES FoUerRd. ond St. 
, Hcdwiy. Oukk accctsfo 41o ' t ond IM 1o. Excellent ior 1 

1 S29QO p«r o<re. 
. 

S 
' i 

J 
BEALTOR5.MLS 
] 

J! 
341-9166 
|t 

RHouaRDTaffeH 

INVESTORS 

Income properly, Futly leased wjih cxcel.'onl (enonfs. Noilh. 
^idc pii/r.c bcalion. 

344-8388 or 341-6312 
CoBimirtidlnreilnie.iKB. 
^ 

DOWNTOWN WAREKOUSE AREA" 

Al JM37 onct IH35. 17o,75o 
1!7.oJ!; WATSON 4 SON >!<•!»« 
VERY HOT 4.7 A'CRES 
&!V Iront, o2 rdalJ, Macoac'o^he i 
?d. b e t w e e n Camlna Dorodo & 
Leonhardt. AH or part, lfavC"bcen aif.frx] S3. per sq.ft. Matte a strong 
^cr. Som JorriC 824-dH or yo-jr 

 foj)"S(fii» "Center 
" 

:itt&, lop leases. Good cash flow 
18i,OJO. 

A! Jacobson Itoally 

!o31 N. MAIM 
7X.tm—71!.Ha 

COMMERCIAL TR'A'CT 
Approximately 5 ocrcs on corner of 
Iri lt> »>d Qalecncj Rrf., south ol 46 w«rpass. Easy atccis on a^d ctt ui 

KORUNE RANCH UEALTY 

BocfRt, TPXo4 

Cl rr Lft/rls, Rltr. 
Dob Slunz, Alsoc. 

PHONES 

":S^i 
Dlrccl ltnc "^-JT 

-A-NHAREDISON'Hr^ 
Good commercial 1 oca Men, Zoned J 
Jow has M/a monthly 
Income ro.n duplex arxJ house w.'lh oara->e anarlnvnt. Buy now and hold unit vcu'io ready lo Uy»d. Jack. Aldflch 
»4-1453 n'.les B24-4IU 
Xc4^%fe r , 
>?X 
Jf?e% 

 yu.-7%| 

'ILr^i^JlLA'.i 
«S»I!- T?»J BOJJOO A Iromc 

24o ACRES 

Veil Imprawrf, near Po/cef i_O' 

 bedroo.ii, 2 balM with ccn ond .... nco.^JERRY DACON. KUALTOR. 

"kAR"Nes"arwiLSOH~COUNTY~r 

 ny en.vr.cr, » lo 6o ceres on noved cod. Dco-IKul live oak trees, slock 

-As, well, some Ixirns. Coll or 
^..^.i^-^^O. Dox 582. 

„ #oo' stilp, 2 d- 

7Vi' lence. Secluded prlv 
. ccunly rcai Iron)DOC. drn -1oo collie [less wit 

VACANT BUILDING 

II plui occupied Barber 5hon 
I sq II vooail lol contingent 
^-i ihercfo. Ideol Jccal.'on- (or boslncs^. s< Only S blscks fron> -RcntJolph Air 

J:orco mu:n rja\c. S2-I-13A1 It no on- 

GUAD'ALUPE'COUNTY 
STOCK FARM 

Acres! 3 Large I tonics 

^.resl Price T 

 and 

Elcctrlcl Cho'cc Pai- 
' '» t Call Houiran 

__ _ _ 
_ 
_ 
* ONE "NORTH PLACE"* 
7-2. ce-ifral a.r-l«nl, <-- 

"3i"ACRES West of K«oV*y, Texas 

Qji-nrr Unonclng available 

*v1IK V32£ dc^n and incnNi'y pay1 nenls of i«. Joins Vvoc rawM 

 beautiful Irccs-occcJ* to river Ucn- alne. C.D. Shannnhcn, no« 3?*, Box 
3?*._ l.cakcy. Je>,ns. S12-233-5474 

UNIVERSAL BCBA1.TY 
_AC_ilH58-47JI, nllMjSS-3/63_ 

"UOERNE RANCH REALTY 

RANCHES A SPECIALTY 

CLIFH i.fcvm. RUALIOII 
Phont 14M«4t or CA4 7lj| 

J o t h I 
Orxn weekend1 
4U3MS 
ALLSTATE 

 nnyc--x: can buy. Trees-vie* docr-lHW t\c*, 

 c.l [Crnii. (St2) 

<o COW RANCH 

Jcar Ycrkhjwn, deer and turkey, ex- creek, vk' 

7E-7AJ1 
;S4S per w 
Kit Canyuf 
Cfins t-.y 

 nlles 1' 
__ 

" FaVni ond R'antn'LUl'lngs \V<in"l 
SO acres or taroer v>lth:rt £5 rnllcs o 
Sai AnloTo. WrUe (ult details am prices, E.D. Gern, Realtor. 418 Me- 

Av* . Swi 
AiUe-Yo. Tex. 

, 
L • , 
- oaloic, 
J inrlno-ft- 
Itwiki, t.3 niles hiwjy I r o n I a g e. 

 lanlcurcd1 ranch Owner very 
«j» arhl wll eonilcler oJI oKcrs. 

_JlTi Lochonce & Asioc. 513-J»1 Uli 
15 a;rei Improved (arm,'VmVe~Mn" sen, tfvai. fnrQ? onk tropj ond poat- oa'< Irces. firwrclny avallotjlc. 915' 
317-5633, onyllnw. 

DEL RIO" AREA 

 ovL-rt Rancfi • 4ooo ceres O.i 

HiQhway • TCMIII • Will rjlv^de. Call: 
Ar\dcr3on . pinnerald - Gianniialva. 
'icii_?5 713-*?*:3*pO- 
_____ 

39o3.5 ACRES 

LAMPASAS •R'A'N'CH 

>cellcnl Iniprow^nienU o p p r o i 

 mnlcly 1oo 
CKrci lirprovrd (;" deer, turkey ond qucill. Creeks. 

4o Acres Unimproved 
E; x c e M e n t lf*c<iLl3n' nfor tloern? 

 llveca 
Ifftnllrm ty cen 

Houston Ranch Realty 
P.O No* SW tlflerne, Texas 78oo4 

 nct,vln Houston rd.vln 4lcuilen J 

RANCHES 

 in ACRES, Guflttoltfpo Co. Crfldf 
•A1 ((.ilry (arm, 
41) ACRE-V In Her Co , %l?S on acre. 
Good r.nti-Klno.. 

MRS, nOQllIE ANDERSON, KcnUar 
3!^-J*]l 
SliOUIIJ 

V/3 ftcrei'Lttwccn hahcock 

1o. Fcknl las rtcvelo 

'fiHi\ co.ilkknce in 

Well hrlp you h 

RN _R EALTY, J« 

 land 

 or 1«II 

 if 8o ACRES if 

Soul^',vcsl Dcxar cavnly, 4 irU:« n or Lyllc. L.oig 'ron.rp.Qo on [K road. S12oo per cere, 13% cash, bal- 
T.TCC over lo venn o1J'/]% Inlerest. 
Peacock Realtors 824-o511 

A\oro er lets. M'/i down. 

O.O, DALE REAL RSTATE 
Call Mr. *oard a'kr 7;U pm 

Fe"ri"u"t M u"l"Hllf"C*unfrv~Lon(ir~M acret, 2 wcHIt, 2 1a,iks, deer arx lt,rk«y, loroj oak I foes nnd pcslonk lr*«. 1 miles Mason, Te»as. *" 

Nior LnVarala" i.\ crr*ii dawn, on t» 13 yiari owrtif. no; UM. LHI 

 llttl" 

 msnl «r svndi cf! 
\sith litre fi nr Inlerrit only for i 
• 

'JACK MITCHGLL 

 ones |otni city llinilfj of Devln^e. il avoi'nWc tor 
Dcrcl. AI<o flocct 

 far fcuichlny, rarnilng, ha.iM iHe or 
(levelotinitnt. Good termi, OWM*- II- 

, nanrfl. ilQOO i>er it at, 

CASKEY INVnUMCNT SIMM 34Jl 

S 1 r * e l . Kerrvllle, Texas 7C«« 

., ocrcs 4 miles wrst'cl llrcnrwrl 

1 lifKiu-s nnd wn^-kbui doiry w«lh ri'ic- on FtA 2tn. Inian-c olu» n:h iDwIjlofi rw>'f'»linl. Cnll C. Sir'. 

" 
3) AC[tC:S"' 

ConMol ijinw. ifcitlerrd Onti. ni'it* if! ol San Anlooio. prlceil tell nl tJ-SOOO. Inlrreit only for y«vv KtSJ-H or_U7»•!«!. 

 nY OWNE'R 
"' ' acres of near junction. Total prua tKO da^n, ITO» Mr nvmlti 
, 
Col 

12.357 

6.o, 

19oo'Block Probandt 
Wajllhjl acres with 5SO' on S,A. « liver. A /BAf blocks from Expreaj- ioy and center ol town. Zoned "j" on'mcKhi. Will not divide. J13.5oo cr ocre. You ccn'l beal thlsl 
:ARLOS SANCHEZ, Agent 

222-1o32 

Kus1lr.6l.CO) sq.lf. War.ufcdurlng 
Plant, S 5 Acres, rail sixir, tiSO.OOO. 
^ Call Jorry Reed, SI2-iw-7o1t 

Commercial Investment 

 l \-t acres, icnttJ 'HL", p£lro!eum- lo'.broo*. 
L 
1! acre* icncd "J",Auitin Hwy.-4)o. 
I*.* acre, iwicd "J", S. Fiord-Gene- 
/leve. 
-Of, cor.sd "l_", CevoJfoJ-Ala/'fy. 

 icre, lonrd "J", Auitln Hwy.-HO. 
!aty. 
L.HT. REALTY 
»n:ai>Q 

UNIVERSAL CITY 
Pat Booker Road 

1oo by 3il feet |o'nlrxi strip cenlcr1 on busy hlfl!mnv. Rtouv now for de- 
' nnicnl. Call .H.L. Horn S12-WM 

RtALTOR « 227-81o5 
• O • • • 
DRIVC BY 

25o2 BUENlA VfStA 

TrTANCeS 1'EVE'NSON 

£AS-11fl 
__ 
( 1 1 ftOJI B V. ) J »^ Jj 1 

CENTRAL "PARK MAVL " 
•:oooo Si. If. kivt ADJOINING OH niv.rjro PO , IK- A i to tit* fo< 
IlKfiU-r. 'crvcH Apl. ond Relall. 6N- 
o121 ANYTIME, 

"atrci en 6a bcotk r«aar. H ew pavement, water, I»WOD«. ,pol. Orwi f from UTS A. Cavh or fnoo* fur ffy q-v/ oiiunt* noUf. ' ftlfr/ or p«r &?S4^O, nllM_|-5J54161. __ iifaatoii fJui~Tt wtvil yeu gtl 

Pofl« iaO-O-ExprtM-Nawi, Sunday, April U, 1974 - Gokfen Twin 

 t.m»«r<r.l 
If*. .||e«mm«r«kii 
||---| 

P»|»rty (I....) JL Jl *•*•«! |l««M| Jla3>J 

NOW LEASING 

THE ATllllJM 

?:s SAN ANTONIO'S NEWEST 
|| Garden Office lliiihliiig | 
;•%: 
IJKIH X.K. Mini* MO 

•:§: 
(BmvtiN HAHRY WUBIIACH * STAICIEID 
- 

 jSjjM. lOOlo 35,ooo iq, fl, of ipoceova'Jobl*. Will build to suit leoonr. -I g^ For informal-ion on «jm1rucl:on bcneFils cat); 
&j;j; 

C 

Offici Sp«c* 

 for LOOM 

Oft color en cf*ly 24 hamper day. m m 

RETREAT NOWI 

• hdaitriel Highway 

Cotnratrcial lib-emlien raterl 

36 or 72 Acres 

5o Feel from Cily Imih of ll,,,y 

'ing County Seal Town on Major 
Highway. 5o Minutes Soulhcail ol 
Son Anton'o. 

QuoJ, PaVes-te. 5 rrin. from a'r- 

 fxxl. 

»75olerH, HSOfor 36 tir.i. 

Galloway Crews Assoc. 

51?-168-3J8loc7l3-75i-2l33 

(OR PROFESSIONAL 

OCCUPANT • INVESTOR 

T»ihi idll otli-t buM.ig 11 57o). lsoi.lv Wil uilid lii (TA, lijol firm, 
ItaaW.bg.'^r.ferOIl&Wlll'aitFtkrar! 
M» un, M M A I . CKHO.W!. rrr.rip'1 w.lf. y\ta\t. )n EkfitJbiroir. 65o1 N. 

KIH, AnKe, le-ti 13!» - 

CUIEBKA, 5 POINTS 

349-1771 
UAf 
HEM, 

344-7985 mm< ESTATE 

Commercial Lot 2oorFf6nT 

 lilt BASSE RD. 

Coil 73i-ym Of 733-OOSl 

9o5-9o9 CAMDEK 

2 HOUSES 
**4» dewn 
Itfial location. ApoolnFtmnT oaly. 

CAl'UfS 
(AN5.) 73J-4SS1 

DOUBIE FROKTAGB 

Oil N.E. 41o access. 9 otfkes end bm-jly VIOP, or convert 
To rrcd'col-denrol sutles. 

349-1771 
LAr 
REAL 

826-7322 
ESTAl'E 

MM^RCtAL — SALES, LEASES 

INVESTMENT 
PROPERTIES 
DREYFUS & KOST BH-S5JJ 

Commercial Lot 2oo' Front 

1)11 BASSE RD. 
OJII 7M-So4I Of J»«)51 

3 ACRE} «xnmtr<K3l • Nc-rfh^ 
Loop <»i belwMfi Son Pe<Jro and 
Weil Avfr. Ncor -BKKOO Circle. Prof- it, vcoarolc living cjcar- 

. low )nrer«l note 
' l poltotlar. VH-S&l. 

L a r g e 6ox2^3 rot vrllti building that con be re- modeled or lorn down, 
S4S.SOO. HUES. 65531U. 

<SJ-SI31 
ANYTIME 
«5-Si? 

VIRGINIA CERVgNKA 

1ooX15o lot Vi tl^K glf PJcosonlon 
R<J. 147- on Pan Am ot VV. Karltw. 
IVi otrci on 181 South. f24-eil«. 532- 
6651. 
™_ HYAT^T REAL JSTATE 
Bor, snack bor ond gfocwy builnesj, plus S bedroom ho lochri. Fwlly cqypped. Juit V nosy 1crms. 
531-JU1 
BOB DC PAOLO 

SPACE 
IN 
HEW 
BUILDING, 
11W 
OXUi Frcnty Ctnlroj JI*D| ond air 

I?U WCit Ave. 
734*731 

. 6JXO sq.1l.. 
Free ilar.d'ng bjlldlno, „„„ .^ 
15oo t h o w r o c m, 15oo olCcc, 29oo ytarehovse. parking 13 cars, paneled, 
A.C., carptU. Beacon Orals area. 
Ortl 3»<ftl. 
-^Professional Building 

 cloi OIK] tax ihrllrr benefits of o.vi lr>g your own oillcc buHd'titj. Exec!- 
IM| C9tttt:\lon InskJp and cut. Sjos'c long-lcrm Icnonls. Sullob'c for doc- lorsj rf Nil His, atrroncy, o ctwjnla n 11, etc. AaiHnq SH5.oCO owr.cr litxsnccd. 
W.D, KIEFFER 

DIJON PLAlAI tlEW 

RETAIL AND OPFtCE SPACE 

JIO) BROADWAY — 824-^3o? 

NEW'MODERN 

SKOPPfKG CENTER si* km Ing at JJCO blk. o! V/est 

Avc-, 1 b'k. flcrln of IIIIO. Corri- 
>'clel/ air ccnd>Ii"or,cd, w-il firrrirt la su 11 le.-.rio nT. Fo r rno.re nHormotlon call JacK Cha,-Iei 722-229*. 

JReaty 

Cli o f c e commercial praperlies tn 
Pat Booker. 3.3?4 cere tract. Weal lor strip «n1er. 4,5 cere irocl, all or port, oil ulUIUes available. Good 
1ermi. itfpcl tor Immcdialc develop- ment or lnv«jtmonl. 

L. H. "Larry" ScUcutlcl, 

REALTOR 

* IDEAL F D R"APC?1 rrrtTnli^ 

By Ft. Sam. 
JO,3!O s^. It. la-.ttj for 

 opls.f I3i' x 
ISO1. ]41o n. Carson. 

315,5oo tol-ai. Teem? tl dCilrcd. 

EAST-OFF SAN PEDRO 
3 new all maicnry v;arehoasc& and 
QEdcci, t?» a*d 4ooo sq. II. 

828-3331 

OPPORTUNITY 

In buiy Bcato-v Circle. 5.ooo sq. tl. bldg., ofliwcr sctvlct. 
Sell cno or bolh. 

349-1771 
IJAf 
REAL 

2*24*7363 mHV* 
ESTATE 

COMMERCIAL SITE 

Cargt let froilirvg on 3 slreeli. Suit- ed for convenience stare, itrlp cen- ter, also orilcei. Jutt off IK 1oNorth. 
Call R.B. Schwan 713-7141, 73< 41o7 nltes. 
C.M. Furr Co. 

Ida, 

 itll. Invulor lerrr.i. CASKEY 
111- 

VESTMENTS 24 HOURS J42'S?M of 
(51)1 MHo1. 

WAREHOUSE 

Appro*. 3^oo tq. II. e>( affke and 

. 
- 
. 

EUrtJBIOLA 

41o Jackson Keller 

Ideal far of (Ice, llmllcd retail. See ihli big rccK home wllh room lo ex- pond. Highly siKccsifui f o c a t l on. 
MRS beLaGAHZA 344-2MI, 696-1954. 

BOB JONES 

INDUSTRIAL BAKGAIN 

Orw—15 oerc Iroel o-i Callogheri otf W. commerce, 

Bolh fraclt icntd M and U inajitri al. Price 1*ooo ptr acre. Terms—wi. 
NOT dlvtcfl. Thli NW Son Anlonla oflBfi steal porinllol, Aiio tfie ^,os put prcjxrty Tn this area. 

Carlos Sanchc/, Agent 

222-1o92 

53 ACRES 

Fronts IH 35 Access Rd 
Abutli SPRR Vi mile E. ot Collie^tr 
Rcf. J4 OrCrM obove Salorfo <lood lir.e, porl tonltory liil, «,ooo per 

• r your bfoker. 

,J o r r 

INCOME PROPERTY 

S nnlol uallt Cullbro Rd ana Ion o[en» vrerth a i k i n g prk«. J7^o« d a w n — i d l e r llnflnclna bolorce 
OrccT «peerlBnHy lor r«llred ptnon 
Alk lor 6oN MCIVER. nOHDE t CO. 
«96-5311 

ZONED B2 

 iq <t of or»wnd. ideal locafle. lor flr^MmertU or , s.1rlp cenler 
Hfor Ft. Sam Homron front door frfeed rtprit. Conlocl 
L./A. Gol* 

674- H S3 fi/lii KA-6oS1 

Jtcalty 

OlDER irdB6~QM~rAC B E 
. 

W»TSOH t. Sd 

FlntfTng hilj> li ilniple wllh an Cx 

 frflt-Kev^t u], D< llril In irx trxxn- 

!."P h> oel !f» Mil. 

BRAND NEW 

NORTHSIDE 

. Office-Warehouses 

3 Locations 

Bt-cccn Circle, Brood~ay old 
B'lrcii, end WoiA-c, Rd. ol! IH 
35. 3 bo.ldingi reedy 5 more under cormruclien. 21oo lo 
18,ooo «1 ll. atrrkib'c. Will cir^lo.^ d^^i|}n olfice ipaco. 
WJI iello: k-aie. 

Zachry Properties 

696-2522 

Olfico-Warehouse 

 i otjcon Circle oiec. On NorlJi- 

\ide: Ror.q'Mg from 1 188 iq. ft. 

71o7 iq. fi. W.ll paitiKai lo. 

 suit tonanl. 

344.83J8 o1 341-6312 

Cwrmerdcl fnveilment CB, 

OFFICf-WAREHOUSE COMBO 
15oo1o 3ooo sq. fl. — off the I 1ooo blk. of 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 

'Brandt «•;?'» 

OFFICE / SERVICE 

SHOWROOM 

NORTH PLAZA 

•131 ISOM RD . 

94.ooo SQ. FEET 

684-644o 

ONE SPACE ONLY 
S!ill a'Oi'oWe 1.ooo iq. ft. in moJefn ccnler. Central ci'-hpat 

6o17 Calloghan Rd. 

 at Loop 41o 

Call 342-1 2o5 day:, 

69A-7o66 evoi. 

Loop 41o at Handera ltd. 
1 KjlecMoni fro.-n til ft. io 4o^2 fl. u liable for oFltcc, itor*5, v.arc- i^u&e^ MQ.*I| mcnufcciurlng cr toniW- 

- 
- 

KOW BUILDING 

Willow Springs Ind. Park 

»oo lo 2l,»oi9.lt. cVGllabl* 

Peacock Realtors 824-o411 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 

Available Now 

,«n to «.OM iq. II. all area 
J]y. Some wiln rail, ror your war_ 
•,ouia and spec* ne«dti commircla] 
KIEKC aid buslieu- icrs. Call us HI. 
KOHDE & CO. REALTOBS 
_ 636-5311 ANYTIME _ 
VACANT BY owiNEiT 

49oo sq.ft. W a r e h o - u i e , plus I1M 
^q.lt. air, heal, ccrpckd allied 
14^. 9oia Aero St. 
DH-OIU, DII-OCM 
" NDrihstde 

Office-Warehouse 

5ooo sq. H. 

1oo% clr cwid'No-.ctf, 3 pho« electrlc- ly, rcody for Immodiofc occi>poncy. 

Davitl Leu is 696-2522 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 

For Rent, >4oo sq.ll. Conlflct. 

Ca'ftcua Etcclrfc Co. frtc. H2-314J 
WAREHOUSE SPACE 

Harlti cf 
Loop 41o O'f 
San Pcdio 

Fro.Tl DiO iq. It. lo 77SO W|. fl. 
Commercial Investment Co. 

3-M-WM or 341-4311 

8.ooo sqft. ocw ^i-arehoiAP, lOc per fl 
V/ill txilld officci. 
Ecny act«i I 

 p 41o Notth o-KJ o^rpo.-t. 324-3341. 

. 
OFFICE SPACE 
Ami Extcutlv* Suft«l 

AvoElablt at lurprliingly- 

 fcaionobl« raTti. On Loop 41o adjacent lo locVbnd AFft. 

349-1111 Ext. 261 

NEWLY 

CONSTRUCTED 

Ctfxi ifMi In kni. Stiif tcftiri li^lp« 11 tilt »|; Mtijl «lki j«h i|i|ti. kit ttiMi. (Mil 1*4 f 

MOBILE HOMES 

Norlhside 
Office Space 

Cuilo™ cfeiigned oFIke space available For immediate oc- cupancy. 325 to 68oo iq. El. 

Zachry Properties 

696-2522 

OFFICE LEASING 
SUMMIT 
TOWERS 
AT LOOP 41o 

CAUAGHAN RD. 

684-644o 

BEACON CIRCLE 

•On Rhapsody 5o6 

Orel TOM ^. 11. g/fitr ipc:e. 
Ovtr Ji» iq. II. ol ihjwjsen S 
»mK«.if k?c<f. Elerl^cl c'l twd I rtcl no. n"l 'me c'l cr pcil. l9»-ed 
11 oi<r Wj, «nf'; pc'tfij. 34I-82Z6, osV fer Pad WiUblijsr. 

•1139 GarUcDrtnle 

(OFF JH 1* AND WUR2BACHJ 

KOOO to 49.KO sq. It. olflc* tfott 
Tor lie Creek Golf Co uric ar*a. Un const!ted and b/or.o new evtrlaoiC' an Ihe attta. Wtm«ScrifiIc in Tur 
It Cre«ti Ctualry Clcb U aYflira&le 
D fill tcncnli. 
KOIIDE & CO. REALTORS 

696-5311 ANYTIME 

North Crown Building 

SUITE OF OFFICES ... 
ItU )q. fl. wllh cgrjMt and dVa 

 f Wet Bar In Exicullv* Olllci 
1 
CfttU tZHMI 

OFFICES-START US 
Cotpct, u 1111 He3, pdd. All site) liable. Recepllonlit la o n i vy c r 
,..,M white you're cut. H. of •*!& o!l 
Sm Pcd/o. &?•< 21oo, M1-<I53. 

OFFICE SPACE 

 ro* 1321 sq. fl. avoltoble April 
. Fircmsn'a Fwid Bkig. 433S |JW 
Lcep 
^1o 
Convenient lo 
Medico' 
~enlcr end Won derta nd 341-8 »t 
OFFICE-WAREHOUSE, n« a r 
Old 

San FrcrKiiCO SKKikhOJJfr oppfox, 
35oo s« H. Avai:cbfe May IS. Will 

 r 1111 o n lo iuil lennan^i. f^jj, 

FOR 

75o', W*ol lor dentliT. Ccclrol teat- o:r. Parking. QnVy S1TO. 
I»-4S» TURNER REALTY 
' 
.. K1U SAN PEDRO 

Has 5oo sq. IN heal aid olr, with 

J'O sq. U. slorogg. M». *M;5213 

BT?AKD NEW 

Exclusive OIHcc SPOOP. £jrp<rture to 
..W. Loop 41o, carpel, dropci, ulllf- l«, [xxtilloocd To your needs. Cof- cc bor. select your spate todcy. 

Beih Ciane & Assoc. 

34MH1 
_ _R«eni»r 
WVUM 

C~U~ST^"M OF'FICE IPACE Sunn available 9oo sq. It., 6oo &q. 11., 1ooo fl. lmrr,«JkTc cccupor.cy. 7?II 

|4J,>AM PEDRO NORTH 

A COMMUNITY 

FOR MOBILE HOMES 

SPRINGFIELD MANOR 
GERONIMO 

HOME PARK 
MOBILE HOME PARK 

Ju»t Ea»l of Ft. Sam •. 

6 minutes lo Randolph 

661-665o 

1624o San Pedro 

H. >. Z.<hiT.n>tii!m In,!, 

694-6911 

FOOTHILLS 

MOBILE HOME RANCH 

Mo3IH HOMES 

'NORTHERN HILLS 
MOBILE HOME PARK' 
CARPET 

MOBILE HOME SALES 

5an AnlonM't Exluiwc Deole lor 

MARK V HOMES 

225o Auilin llwy. 
656-2571 

SEABURY'S 

TOWN a COUNTRY 
I 5o1IHI»(MOi:i[HOW5 
Silti 14i53 rhlu MH«? 

MSO Auilin Kw». 

For 

Moitlgomeiy ot Janc.n Di. 
"loll Are for Sale OnV 

826-9S1.1 

JOHin. IromWondtiland 

'niii .f Illini, T 
29 atMV.3143 

OF SAN ANIONIO 
SOUTHPORT 

MOBILE HOMES 

3418 S.W. Military Dr 

924-4231 
CARL MILES 

M/SGT. USAFfRET.) 

.LACKLAND PLAZA 

MOBILE HOME PARKS, INC 
'=1 1KFI17H CJIY! 
>* 2 IIOMATIGO 
674-1386 

RED R(VER 

MOBILE HOMES 
2418 Austin Hwy. 

•653-o363 

 tnm*\. UA Imut. pflrli.t, IV, III* 

'i*. 
Ii t 

4131 GOIOFIUO 
H1-4S1* 

Morthside Office Space 
DC a PERSON In a 12 cff£ct fc-jjlc ng! And not o NUfABER ai In the arge oflice comptoesl Lcnfl IM^P is) rcqjtrcdl im.r.cd:alc cctyporxyl 
Olllcc cp«n da I If. 

No VS9o. No MliO, Ko M15o ti'o 7-V13o, MO 7-11*o. No 1M7Q 

14o7 JacVscn Keller 

_/Aike_ Kinder Pfof Dltfff 6?6-e3M 
6511 H VAND'IVER"" 

 room oifkc, carpc'cd, 
•iiifjct po!c, JfiO. 
LA/^O_HGTS. REALTY 

OFFICE SPACE"FOR*IJEASE 

477 scucrc fHt at 5oc. 272 BolKJIoo, 
-.cor VVor-dcrJond, carfrfled, [cnltort- al swvlce, ulillKes paid. 734-41*4 or 
J34-7H1. 

17U Wcrffcld In Beocon Circle. 13oo jq Fl clr conditioned ponrled, carpel- ea offices pKrt 17CO tq (I air condl- 

>fi«J warehouse. Will tease o'l or 
)rt. i4?-3439 rnttl 5abl>. Ccmmfrciol Praptrllat 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

* OFFICE* 

Pfuih, mrwly rfrcorarcd 
6oo-12O) sq 

I. only We P*f sq. ll. R.L, Stew a.'l, 5H3 Droarfway. 

SERVrCE CENTER 

Beacon 'Circle 

Approximotely 
75% alr-cantfllicncd 

 oJMce spec*, 5i% worehouie. Total aver 5,ooo tq. II. available. 

A1io top location, l«x> sq. ft. near 
SAC. Call tAr. Jack 4ti Sill. 

ROHDE VCQ.__R_EAj.TOR_5 

B'crvl lirw-May 
Occi^pcnc^, 
S.OCO j q .f t, with rail", oflJce-warehouie, dock h gh, r.ortnsldc. o>vrt£r. W<o2li 
( 

CommercTol 
1/1 T^ 

Property iw».ntcd)Jl^J 

INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR viaili raw ocreoijc fJorlh of San An- to'.lo bclv,ecn 41o end 1MU. $e."d cHI 
Information posi'ble Ir.ciud-'n? plat 

 rc^rr.i 1o: P.O-Box 1JJ3J, San o.ils, 7S713. 

Office Space 

 for Loaifi 

$ Will BUY $ 

 yjur coolly tn M minulci l{ priced 

HUGHES & WAKE FIELD 

537-3K2 
REALTORS 
I3L „„ 

EAST 
ML5 
NORTH 

Roal rifafe Wonled j 

WILL PAY CASH «or smsll MaiTri n«ed ol repalrj. Coll Frtwicei Can- 

CONDRA REAL ESTATE 

33MJIM 
313-2: 

CASH FOR old home*, lols, jij^ljO 
DAY OR MITE 

Wont to huy tvouse r.crd of repairs, " 
8IS-MS7. 

WANT 
TO HEMT OR , 
, .„ 

JT Medina Lake, for U'xiQ Mobile lame, 7W-3/26 

NORTHSIDE 

Decccn circle area. CuHo.-rt &rfrcc pace, IIU ia. fl. V/MI parlMiOi end kiijh lo «jlt teranl, Pierily no/klnr 
;pace, ifrtcll v/arehcuie ovg-loble i neceisory. *3jO month. 

3U-I3I4 OR J41.«lt 

Commercial Jnvsimcnt Co. 

 ito Sq. ft. Ofiki space 
Available. Ctnlrol air ond heat, f. 
\-/ carpcffd. Bvrg'.ar ola/m, ptenl/ f orking. Beacon Ctr-cla Industrial 

 o/Jt. Sloroge itxitft av<Htot)1«. TJc " 

 of Loop 41Q. 121o. nia.J44_l»»___ 

Prlmi Licdilcrt on NortMlde, 

Otricc tf)G<e hw rcnl. corv occo ... 
(Jote ony iiie bjjlncu. Coll W^s. 
Ada mi. 7U-nu. 
FOR LEASE 13oo IT.~"alr corMli"l!oned otilce, full/ cor(i«iccJ plui 17oo " 
Q-r cor.d.toncd v.or*r>3uic in Deo.,.. 
C i r c l e . Erncit SoWc Conviterclal 

^ N.E. Location ^ 

 l/Xrt 1o ft M <fllt« iracc, cxcc"enl r.J.*E' [^"'"T"'.* hl«« s- °' Lco° 

Olf-Hroaclway near -11o 

5.ooD Si FL Offlce-V^ehcuia V/ 
Ing alliance lo r*w Groad^ay 
Oflice. Alto ovoliobi* nfKcet from 
VQ up. Ha/ry Hookrr 3112 Mc 

 ocrcarw 
4H-7S5; 

 rfuple~ 

Roal [date Laani 

Wanlod 

.-o1 t o r s : Have first I fern orx 

_ nlrocli ot Solci" for iale, De- cent rwofil ond decent rc^n e,i in veitrrrnt oFlered. Cell OJ-7-W1 if 
Sal until tpm. 

CARPET 
MOBILE 
HOMES 

WIDEST SEL'EOION 

 uscp HOMES 

MARK V 

MARSHFIELD 

SKYLINE 

MOBILtHOMES 

22SO AUSTIN HW\ 

656-2571 

 j^p^"-*il_ijj!*'- %^'"4iB 

Early Amoricon Decor 

7o<H 3 brtroom, 3 cJecorofor IxjI 

St» 1o Belllv*! 197V 3 "hdrnv Pfl'r wa»l. v/o'l 1o wall co/pcF. wnilK 
^M_one^_*^_ ftnft ^ 

4 Bedroom Mobile Home" 

7!xK, 3 rx.Hi lull/ rufnlllMd. On., carptl. divider tar, lilts, nnon'ln 
Qvo'loble, Coll Rick. 6»-»» 
SrJfUfoello^ plul 11 wtxrt you pe 

FACTORY 

DIRECT 

"BETTER HOUSING FOR AMEniCA" 

SALI 

5oo MUST BE SOLD 

ALL NEW 

9 74s 

1 2x5O's 
1 2x6O's 
14x7O's 
14x8O's 

$399O 

, . . . . $499O 

$599O 
$699O 

LIMITED OFFER! THESE PRICES WON'T LAST! 

/*» 
' 
. *"\ 
( 
IIMITED^ *j jOvor.lockedj ^ OFrER j 

 v~*--1-i~*>r 
C 
Bank 

\ Financed 
VXs^J|..i.^..» 

T Quality i 
^eondlHonedi 

'eon«lruc«onr 
Xspoela^J 

Your Choice 
3 TON $549 
I TON $64? 

Homo ru,<hai* Hal J 

Constfuclod wllh now 1974 To nut 
* Full 3x4 Wall Sfuds on 16*' 

Contort 

* Full 2x6 Floor Studi on 16" 

Canten 

 codo. 

* All topper wlrlnQ 
* Doublo IrtiuTnHon Ihroi/Qhoul 
PLUS 51/rofotirn IniuTallan 

* Super Strong roof 
A SHUT Rock Collfngi — Muth, 

 much morol 

GO HOUSING SYSTEMS 

239o AUSTIN HWY. 
AT PERRIN BEITEl RD. 655-9599 

AUkll* Horn. r.tki|[3o4| [MoMlv H««»« P«»« [»»« 

 ila<kland Plaza Mobil* Home Park, 

Present .This. Ad fpr 

^Spring Special 

Move inlo one of our mob'Jo home paiki ond receive 

One Months Free Kent 

Near locklond-XellyWilfgrd Ha'l lloipilal 

No. I lOOFtozaDr. 

673-6223 

No. 2 
IIOMallgo 
674-1386 

No. 3 765o Kwy 9o W»l 

674-o751 
- 

No.4 29IOGunimoke 

675-18o1 

 liKkrond Plua SKoppi"! Ctnlir 

Al loop 41o ond Mar bath Rd. 

Adjacefll to 

 lackland Air For<«lni« 

At loop 41o and 

Kwy 9o Wilt 

We Have Rentals Too. 

Mobile Elomes 

<orSale> 

[ "Get A Blessing" j , 

See tho HIM Country 

LANCER HOMES in 

Kcrrvillc, Texas 

Rio Rabies Mobile 

Sales and Park 

Open Mon.-iar. 

S^dBXlbyoppt. 

Call (512) 557-3331 

NaFci Ilk* rent. More Ihcn 1 ocrci. 
IS ml. HOTtli out Jo* Pedro. Moms 
OK. Irec-S cr*J lop soil obundonl. 
2M1 fwvcd rootl fronk>gc. CMner fu noicfna avalloole. Ho clotlrxj COlt, 

Phono Jim Hordlfl, 
4CA nll«. 

COT-RATE rental prtce tin scenic idnoilio loll louUi of town Include nolurol pot & water. K<H?iA. 
ADULTj ONLY. 4 traTfcTlcis avoi*> ot!e 1i rex-Atorl Trallir Park, 11575 
IK 1o Welt at Fr*tJerrekstwrg Rd, 
|uil north of U5AA compllx. Fenced yardi, treei, 155 per mo. Coll Iptr 
7166_ 

Sff OUR 

APRIL SHOWER 
OF BAftGAtNSI 

* WNTAGE 
* KIRKWOOO 
^ IflS BRISAS 
* SHERIDAN 
* AQUAR1QUS 

VANTAGE PRODUCTS 

RED RIVER 
MOBILE HOMES 

2418 AUSTIN HWY, 

653-o363 

MEDINA MOBILE ESTATES ol park, Soulhildc, fenced tali, tos, BJS. >3! mo. K4MH, »iz- 

6157. 

COUNTRY L I V I N G ' 

Kfrar Lackland, UTSA, USAA, Med!. cat Complexes. Poymcnti like rer.l. 

ELM VALLEV PARK. 

 o7).76«. tns-tm 

9oX1» 
F l « c t d U i « 
1ooX39N 
NOT Fenced 
• UOM 

SX» down, 7 yea/i In pay. Oil IH 35 
Soutu at von Ormy. J-jst 12 ediy miles Irem Kelly Field. McaclKa gi-lUi v;ent»rorlh W-ftlt 
^_ 

V SPACES For Renl, iM a manlh, 

 fenced vord, pay vwr own eleclrlel- ly nrd btilanc. Hear RoodcHph Field. 
65!'B4». 

-n "rjrifuuui. 'ft. 

 l» ACRG1, GuoJclu,« Co. Gr-odl 
'A' cvjl/y for/tv 
411 ACRES In net Ce., WH an acre. 
Good linoiKing. 
MRS. lOOBlH AttDBRlOH, ««tll#f 

FDR SALE: 1972 UxU. 2 bedroom 1 x;lh lo,vn and C o u n t r y Mobile 

 c, 
Asiynic p a y m e n t s ct 

 onrrt. Can purchtno lo! a'lO. 

- 

TOP PRICES PAID 
FOR USED MOnlL!: HOMES 

MISSION MOBILE HOMES im AUSTIN HWY. 
«*-31« 

WILL sell your /AaMIc Home ori 

Censlsnmenl. c«h for equmoi. 
— -• 
.. Mr. MJk_5.jnMUI. 

 ywj^jjISj^^i 1"' 

Jl 
Hits luxuriously 
(LfriJshcd 
5 

 i c d r o o m s wl!li xmjj-siic beds, 2 bolh. Ba-, ccnlrol alr-rcat. SXlMCd. 

IxlV 
.V.ofcllc 
He me, t bedroom, 1 

 ilh. AllracUvc (ront kllcf-cn. FUly 
.rnlsherf. *4«S. Financing available. 

~5¥CURITV"A(JCHOR~SCRVLCE~ 
H'ciall/inn In M o U J l e Home To 

-^w9s-J?alL-^?:21S3- 
REDUCED fiVifi Po?tabic~~n"Lmd":nQ?, rir.s. delivered, 3J1-61SB. iJglilctl Hcanicil Ceiling 

74 msdct 6-lvU. To!el electric ? E>cd- ocm l'/j Uaih. Fu'iy f u t n I s li e d. 

 f.^CcJ^AL.^SJ-liaj 

•11.111 la 
OMTI 3 or 
3 betiracin lur- 

 n I shed or unlurrl&hcd. ISO dcpoill lall 924-SI47. lEposEss'idm 

3K7o~F 

 if BY OWNER * 

 raeimaVir, t'xU'r oV, henl, oiUn 
1H9J. Id-rally fc<of<J, font l!4! mo. «7/-JU7, 

YOUR WAIIT AO—«J IW4 

SEE TO BELIEVEI 

•74 MODEL 
SOxl J, 
2 l;ti]room, 1 

 bath wMh air, lolal el;crrlc Fully fjrnlihedJSJM. CoJI H.ck 61Htfll iWio Morioi(~i nenroo.-n V/i T^ifi ctnrrol oV arxl ^ol, £=xlra clton nod wtll bullN Mu»l l«t lo hc1l* 
Conyon Lokn A/ro. *J1»S t,t1t* prn. 1-OI-74N, 

TRAILER LOANS 

 vtt riMrxt tUn'i bfllw«n injlvid: 

IIWcl to 
IHVll<«- 
Molllc 

Goof] cond. P14-^3I 

42 REPOSSESSIONS 

NOWINSTOCKI 

REPO DEPOT 

MOBILE HOMES 

19oo AUSTfNHWY. 

2634 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

 tousc 1 ro i I c r, jxii, parrly [urr jQOd cond. 333-726-1, W1-I374. 

FREE MONTH'S RENT-'... 

OAK H O L L O W MOBILE HOME 
PARK, r\ccr Merhodls! H Dip] t o I. 
Thws.-Msn. iW-8136, 7M-2oII. Tu«j.. 
Wtd. 
._ 

NE. PURPLE SAGE. Larg« 
K>1s. 

Aparimcnls 

Furnished 
14o1 

'iiiKC |;ickson 
Villas 

 l Parking i rnlurui.1,,,1 

1 2.\ V AStT. lA 

Mctrclcss-llrooks Area 
One and Two llrdrooms . 

Also Efficiencies 

32o.1 Bolmcire 
333-S2U 

TAKE UP NOTES! 

'3 
KIRKWOOD 
12»SO, O'.r condi- 
Dncd, lurnlMicd. 
Like iww, v-HH 

 ellvx:r. Pay lax & license aid ai- 

 okc Over rayrr.enlj, '-7i"cVcndvlIre", 
11o moitnly, 13x(i, 3 bedroom V/i ilh, ccnkat air, fceal, \ytist;cr ycr, 66I-3J3?. *il-3yj aflcr 17. 

 i— nKlSyriMna" r<-..- lor derails M6o5B7 

 rocm iO*l?. - 

Mobile Homes 

 for Rent 

 bcdroonii f u i n 11 h e d, 1-UL wJ1h 
!.-ced YQrd^iJS-91oo. kOvcEy 1 r- edro arrT "Tu^rm ricd"rriTbTr( homes, il3S_rvK>. WJkirtcrnl. 4SS-o19J 
"urnlshoj beautiful clean air con'tfl 
'o~.ed 3 bcdtconi. I1/? bolh, Caitro jlllc lid., couple or ^irall lanilly 
II3S per monrh. OCM3JO or GE< 

 fRENCHCHAUTAPTS. 
Lu«uiy apu. near Leo Hi ichool. \, 1 and 3 bcdVoom optj. ond lawr.housoi, fen- 
IrcJ heal-alr, caipcli, pool, covered parking, utifiliei pakJ. Secufily Guard. 
165o Joibwn KiUir i44 46U 

 llrniiks-MrCrrlns Arc;] 
Hut- ;illrl Tuo lU'ilroinil'v1 

Also Kffk'icncies., 

21111 Dnlliirhiilc 

For I'crniancnt Living 

CHECK 

TRAVELER'S HOTEL 
• 

22o Broadway 
Doivnlottn 

Ucvoly~cfjM^T T'W^toVBd OdvJt, ns 

H. n.ij|s_i»!._»i?5. «;4yiai. 

LARA EFFICIEtrcV APT5". 
O3 W e e k l y . Alf. mops. 

. _ c e rMqKojil. HWU5. ' 

Redtc. J odrm.. 1 WH."SAC7«X!t"r'. clr. Adjlli, no pen, « » o M » ' 

THE BRHTANY 

SOUTH HILL APt 

27L5 LASSES 
333-5339 

 l and: a hedrasm. start at IU3, fn- c l u d e j ulilllki, Larga nlavgrotnd wltfi inuliic fceard and llghled ttanli ceurt, 3 lor«e swim pMli. Furluihed and «nlL.rniined. Hear DnxKtf AFD ilole hjjpMal end Pecan Volley Qo1( 

SAC-Ti 

 ccirosAt Mobi't* Home tw 
^-.,)ClixJ ond aV ccr.dlllonrd. In 
Unlwerial C'1y cal[ 736-5581 Ader 5 ond on weeker.di 7326723. V«cnt 

< r lly-L at k I and. c Feon ( tnoiiir'' betfroo:n. \\'t baih. air, c.o.-p sma'l fomlly 4135 per mo 
OC 

or-__GE^-i3jT. l"9/z" HxiO Ur.lumljheJ v/;fh™sT 
Ofxl /clrigcrfttof, 2 bcd'ocm, I lxil;i, nrabllc honw. ilOO plus u Millies 

Couilry l3-rtard /,'ed'rKJ Lake-. Con 

Mobile Homo Purki I 

San Pedro North 

MOBILE HOME PARK 

Ook t r e e tJ — Largo loll. rntlaslic recrenl'on 
(aclll- llci, AIL Cily ui:i;|[(S. 
1624o San Pedro 

694-6911 

2 _Mdrow,^~lufniittOd~Conirol~a"r 

•rfi lhe1TlnesT"o<luliIV|ubdivliion IT Ihli area (bcl/'Cen Com riot ond V;Jnd 
*:reif en Msntcsmery LUOI). Inveill 

 i&H cmLi'.slA«»jjii.CE fHOMno5un 
JIVISFOrl It tt-.t be*t. IJA^SII. 

(icronlmo VJIhigc 
~~ 

Moli'iA harro Rnrlchelki Ij nillei frcm lo«n. M|-J?]J, 673-14o1 

Ilr^lmm Ur;il ICsliiU1 

 lcinl~RCHf"**fl""EXlVa* LarM 
; r-onio_lo«j. 6^fioO. 

Addition la Grrnb'cr Mil. *Mo* 

DOWNTOWN soiB and Apu. 

 dpf , 
5&U.S§?i!^£S ig|w^55 

T*T $nO-BI||5 pd, -JL.' 
^.^?:5S..^^;|; 
- - - - - 
. .7.-." -^r_^i11-J» 

•'•"«»!.^il.T\ftP^ 

RENTALS 

A|i»rim*Hti 
Apurtmmti 

FMrnlili«4 

NOW 

-X?5^ 'A 
^i^ 

Magnificent new apart- monn located on (he beautiful Turtle Creek 
Country Club. Complete 
Club facilities including health studio, 18 hole golf course, night- 
•lighted 
(ennls courts. 

,and Olympic size pool 

 are available to res- 

• idenls. 

OPEN! 

 i Unique decorator 

 interiors 

• Individual hoat and air 

 conditioning 
* 

• Professional 

 management 
& maintenance 

•Social Activities 

Program ; 

> Rentals from 

$16o-325 

8916 Dofa Point Dr.I 
696-83oo 

« rod k<4 

New 

AMBER 

APARTMENTS 

 flcod/ feu Occupancy. C'oio ] to Lackland, Kelly, firoakt " and l hop p in Q center i. At 
Pleoianlo/i RJ, 

131 W. Ambor 

Swimming pool. All elftcriic 
Whit/poo! kirchant, fEDOERS o'tf condVffon'ng. 

Op on Sundays 

; 
922-4881 

MWWUMMWMMWVWWU ! 

********* 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

FROM 

J *37. Weekly $1 49. monthly 

STUDIOS, 1 AND2blDROOM 

HENATEOPOPL 
FREE UTILITIES! 

SAUNA BATHS 
JfNNIS COURT 

RECREATION ROOM 
I 
ADUIT UVING-NO. PETS 

S 
WARREN HOUSE 

|i 
3222N.W. Loop 41o 
|i "aHnUriectlon of D.whunt 
:i and accffii road 41o'J i****&fc2&9+ 

Expren-New$, Sunday, April 14, 1974 — Golden Twln-G-Pogc T3G 

LUXURY LIVING 

Efficiencies one and 

 iv»o bedroom apaHmeiili 
Furnished arwt unluf nnhed Pool and club loom Conveniently tocaled Sfioppir.? nfaibfc 

3939 Ficdemfc\l>uif! Rd 
734?266 

 rti 
9 TOWNE &• 

• 
OAKS 1* 

Apartment- Homes*1- 

AvaJ/ab/o Now 
<!, 

• 
One bedroom, il 

 fi'roplacc. 
Compl 

»"i<iwl 

• Two bed.'oom, bolli 4 a 
• Studio. On pool. 

 xf^ r!\Ml«, 

San Antonio's Finest 

Apartments 

A Development of 

Baker-Crow Co. 

8622 Starcrest Dr. 
655-1o11 

*£*" 
%£ 

BOTH NEAR FT. SAM & RANDOLPH 

$14o to $29o 

FUKMSIIED—UNFURNISI1KI) 

1-2-3 Bidicomi 

3 PtMlt. 7«nnlt Coullt. R«ciialian Roeni 

( 9 Mlnul*t lo Downtown via Expfeitwov) n, Wunboch 

Trdran ^ 

2447Harry Wurihach 
824-1561 

HELP! 

What you want is wliol you qol! You Bel! From tho smallest to ths largosl! Wo'ro a free service, paid by 
"pjopcrty owners. Open 7 days a week. 

3121 
NORTH WEST LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

Apartment f 
*• 
A 
V* 
V« 

SAN ANTONIO. DALLAS, MID-CITIfS. 

FORT WORTH, HOUSTON. AUSTJN 

Discover it 

 before 

 everyone else. 
ADULT . 
' 

APARTMENT LIVING 
• 
• UOCS. 

. 791S|oncs-Mallibcigcr al Sunset (td. 
828-2621 

Luxury Apartments 

FUlNIJHIb-UNfURNliNIO 

247W.DICKSON 

• EHIND >EAR> lOUTMIlDI 

923-2791 

PECAN VALLEY 

GOLF CLUB 
APARTMENTS. 

333-3o2o 

2 & 3 Dcdroait mobile hDtrci, 
Era) alr-rx-af, H*y.lBl Soulrl. 6U2I) ofl, A & weekend*. 
._ 

Hawaiian Village 

3J1o ErienhniKr, HorW o! rt. Som 

Harry Y/vribach, new orov 

] bdrm. Apl* Dhhv.o«ie/s, In ldiKil lrfol-o>4- contfol. Most wll a and bwiuWul Sfxinlih |wnltur« 

FctS^ D l][ I jiu'd. >1 3o J^ W- jMj H 

StXHJrMWo lovely 
1 "a 

 l^rn ajit, walcr pd-nQ11 

 oH- Ho P=ls- ^' W(H 
W3-1*Wj 9J<-9141, S1?-?S- 

H 1o363 Sahara 
314 o191 
STORIA 

 rU 

APARTMENTS 

ADULTS 
ONLY 

Sound proof. »1« up. 

|*\34ZE.SunshlllO 734--1422 loyjNsmj^E 
. Th« Alamo Aparini«at Directory 
|)1 all v«y. M<cf v.ficn y°'J two ap 

"SOUTHCR'OSS VILLA 

 l.M IBOROOM APMITM1NTS 

1 A/ID " HBDROOM TOWNIIOUIDS 
« O L-'StLt'ItSSi1- 
™;™1 

Conlour Aparfmonls 

Onl art tw, MLlraain cptKrri^nll. wMI 1o wo'l t*t-W< olr randjrlerud' 
<Mmml,rig nau. nun rBJ. No Pill. 
IS]"' (:mi'(onr D r . R 2 2 5 3 I 

 qlt om». 

 il^'><LfM^iy-— 

>ifhT"?f. ^''V lirooriway. 
!l~S.- JU.-J™-^?"'"'"' «" 

NIBf WlrKMlhrlil 
1oo,1! w*«>"i ,?:°!,v3J(. b 

Ak, MOl. tHIIJH»l">?<'1IM. 
Xldriw fftfiFii fwft or unlyr 
SKiftt'l mm. »i). 

 lore, oaly TJc'nf your local ne^vuldri or call mt]?2 fur InforrmiU&n r¥"~ oJr, 

 ihunH".fl. Pictures & lnlwn«th>n 

~" 
' your local newn fBr^lr^forma)rgn_ 
Oicflnor, ; bccfr< wJ._M2o(3* 

ATco7~3T*dfconii, central oJ 

Sin nil Rnchclor KINciciicy 
KarlMiili, bclilrxl 1SJJ Cnilcnjr, I 
C!U| noM, R.I l«4IMiNo_pill;_ h«f]'r~Trinil7,"~e«!n>' largi "i" bl rcoinl. Milt polj. nv«U 

" lllo7V. M"oUTo~"l 
Cir.Iinl olr. «] 

Apartment Locator 

FREE , . . 824-2333 
' 

 fi»of~Fr. Jom Hgutlon," unfurn" 
(jin. "*-'lMj,__ r-i 

 room Unirejr,$W, ?!?!?'Pil. «J.«: 
Kiaf f'fnlfyTT"lrt 

'PJIQNO VOUR~WAN 

/ 

SAM ANTONIO 
APARTMENT 

LOCATORS 

FREE 

24 hour 

 professional service 

828-33o1 

PRESTIGE LOCATIONS 

QUIET LIVIHG FOR ADULT FAMILIES OH1V 

EtriCIEMCIES I.JO B[DBOOMS 

FURNISHED—UNFURNISHED 

<:I;NTHAI. I'AKK 
NORTH STAR MAI.!. I 

Cmlle Hillt Apis. 
6o14 
Blanco 
DI4-6451 

85o2 Ahorn t>l2.87Bt 

123 Ramparl 
DI4-3671 

o425 Ahorn 
344-7166 

HAI.C:ONI:S MOTS 

9o1 Dewhurst 
PE2-2911 

•IIROOKS AVII 

32o3 Bolmore 
ED3-524I 

2o1 \ Oallarhide ED3-o331 

ChelOillows apartments that plan to spoil you! 

• Family & Adult Areas • 1-2-3 Bedrooms < 
Connocliom • Brick Eprry Halls ' 
Stjdios • Washer & Dryor 

WU828ACH 

The 
_ 

Willows 

Financing by Mortgage Investment Corp. 

Che IDtllows 

64oo Wurzbach Road at Evcrs 

681-o744 

LEASING HOURS 

MON.-SAT, 9:oo-6:oo 

SUNDAY: 1:oo-6:oo 

Ann McGinnis, Manager • Barbara Havlin, Asst. 

Cosmopolitan 
Rampart Haute 
The Hallmark 
WOMJI-IU.AXD 
The Dcwhuist 
Mii:iu:i.r:ss 
Golicid Riviera E, 
Goliacl Rivicio W 

PRIVACY 

For You and Yours 
WOODBURY SQUARE 

2 bedioon lowahouit. Cilonial eilenw »ll)i be/ Hinliv, itpcrcfe dh'rg EOXR, hxwhyi trtHiit-gaU 
W7*rir.). Fiiwl« pclTa. IhK ?4 nn-'t 
(implex ofleit both elejaire cnrf pfhrttjr h a q<jitt Ixo'kt — yd only jririrti fion ith»ck, iheppjj aid 

'YoTiith WOOMUK SQl'm, icke 
Katogltdiis Id. 5 t!«[ki pair Loop 
41G,hirnkf1«iWc»ftary. 

821-3644 

APARTMENTS 

2167 Northeast Loop 4 T O 
655-91o1 

Apartment 

Locators 

F«EE SflVICE 

VENT 

824-6351 

SUIUKGIWM, U«i[MS 

77o1 IIDXIW11 lUni 1o4 

MN-STQRAGE 

$12.ooMO| 

 f 

24HourSecurily 

Man»Reron Premises 
. 7DayaWetkEnlry 

696-397o 

Babcock Villa Apis. 

Wf^ W»* it i 'ft i i.J h 1 lljl 

CMM-Mor.irMHf, u- 

1 and 2bodrooms 
Central afr-heaf. 
Wiog tatpd. UiJUiei poid. 

14o BABCOCK 
736-3322 

 tIF 5. AlDtrw, nice apartment. 17o. h. 736-W76. r Ft. Scm, txlrnt-j living rccm, 

Mchco-dineltc end both. 
Newly 

 alnltxf, 195. JMlo cHlcle.icy 175. 8U- 

$135 MO. FURNISHED 
One bedroom cfllclenclei, air. A 

•' 
-', near Me- 

, od^h, ell b^lli pd. 195. b^lli pd. 
>?r tt4-44 

Koyalatc Apartment 

LACKLAND AREA 

 iM3 RQYAUGATE PR. 
OFH-5tfl 

SOUTH 

Ona beriraam fum 
.............. 
HIS 

Two bedroom Ftrn .... ......... tm 
Cenlro) heot, air. ClinJ Lane Apn/l 

JO LEA^S-crean. s« u 
Gills paid. Near Ff. SO-TI ( 
714 Auslln Hwy. 

MAUBU APTS. 

. Ad-JiiT. orlh-1 

E1&9511 

GREENWICH VILUGE" 

1 OR 2 DEDROOMS FROM SHO idvdes all Dllllllci. FL-iniWicd ond iUrnnrvcd. indlvlduol heeling, ceol- afl, cc/peNrtfl, end cfrvticd carperli, 

*»lcl valu« In area. 

JACKSONJCH 

DREAM MOUSE, A tx-drwni; ecn- rtri air, wall-1o-vrcll carpel, f«nC«d, 
»o m». CA3-H7I WCU 5lc!ft 
~ 
~ 

 jeer Locklind, Kelly, BroUi. I or 

 bedroomi. o:r, 2W1 Minion. Rood. 

Ncnr 

Elllclenc pctrtmint, Bllli pd. 
-•" "•• 

Area 

QEDRODM FURN APTS 
US! 
Ir, bills paid. P*ol. Alio ellTcltn 

 ctci 411o. Hlllilda Manor Apti, 5o1 
Fontainebleau 

Wa'.h. or rld« blcytl* 1* Mirk. N»xl riser lo Ft- Sam, Siert ditla«<» T< 

 nlown, Trinity «r SAC. ElllcHn 
1 or 2 bliriorm, rvrnlitiid-trn liliBit. cinlral nir, tiUa litrot l. Oixbac* pickup al door. .. 

1235 
I). Mnlljcrry fi26-5o91 
LA 

1o2 W. RAMPART 
WEDGEWOOD 

 flORNr COMPLEX 
ANTONIO'S FINEST 

Mir* lyrn. jwoll-fo wall 
H 

•Jr, 195. 71MW 

A 
1M 
C In r rnw ni, n I re qufe 

 libo/lvoo-lj 3 vcno/n't units fo 

 if-xi. Cttii-nlilclv (urn. prl^nfe bfllli 
'ilf Co,iill|lo-Wd. (ullv tnrpclcir, nil! lertnl ilie c,ih.r dllfcrtnl prleri 
Kinrjili« l:fd in n-Qif*/ (irrarlmenl fIS (kinvirj* ri*p-3lll. iwor H. Snm 
Erxarnal* \vonl nnd Trfiilly Unlvcr illy, air hrrwlway, QMH April 1' all doy. " 
' 
' 

COUI'LUJ . SlNOl.Dl 
, 

1>ik. bu 
«.r 'ld-' 

• I-7-3 bedroom apii. 
• Real lirtplace 
• Norlheasl San 

Antonio 
•' 
• One bedroom 

 bachelor apis. 

• Individual arr condol 
• All electric kitchens' 
• Prestige location 
• 4 Swimming pooli 
• From SI 33 

HARRY WURZBAC.H 
, • ANO LOOP 41 d ' 

O.wne;/ on<l mpnotjed bi 

Un-ft.-rf N<iNono( Co'ii 

8 2 8 2 5 1 1 

OP£N SATS.—9 A.M.-5 P.M. 

SUNDAYS—1 P.M.-4P.M. 

Move in now! 

Limited selection of 

1 and 2-bedroom units, furn. & unfurn. 

FROM $157.5o, BILIS PAID 

826-2355 

The "ion area" 5s centered at The Pier . . . 

 secluded Irom ihe eyes of ihe casual observer. 

You'lt never notice from your car! The pool and parly pavilion; mini-lakes and moats dolled v^ith ducks; 
'/. 

 landscaped greenery doited with sheltered tables and' " 

 chairs. Peaceful, park-like privacy . . . lor residents'. So 

 don't drive 'round in circles. Stop. Park! Come on in and 

 get a good look . . . and ihe good life al The Pier. 

 e\ drrvtitftmenl nf Jtigger 

1946 N.E, Loop 41o 

 at Harry Wurzbach Rd. 

An Environmental Community in the Making- 

WOODHILL 

ARISTOCRAT APTS. 

Acroii from McCullom High 
School. Near Soulhiidc Scan. 
Convcnwnl to X tl I y-Lackland. I and 2 becfroomt, centcai air- heal, ibag cotpeli. Pool. UMliliei paid. 
SISW.HutcWns 
927-4141 

WESTCHESTER SQUARE 
I Sccfroo.-n, 1 Balh 
2Bcd'oo.-n, IV* Balh 
3 Bedroom, 2 Balh 

Ccnlral o r-ltca'j ilicy caippfi, pco', covrird paiking, uUilfei pd. Near Fl. Sa-i Houston. 
111! A (Silo H<vy. 
878-11o5 

TAR A 

FREE APARTMENT 

Location Service 

Furnished - Unfurnllhod 

FROM $13o 

Includes all utilities 

NMlhiUs io.lhild, 

I!^OM1 
M2.2J9I 
3331339 

CHATEAU WEST 

353iWenAvt. 
341-4174 

Bc«l'j>j-ylFli Hhd.Kl±!liit,Sk:» ixfrt. f, ctclik l^lihir, b-'Jl fail, 
<f iTiel c'r-btel, 2 >inm aT peak, Fur gilbcd « Li,liTiih?d. 1, ? ooJ 3 
Wl?l34:3V AUa IcxBVMft lol^iCrim. 

VMBERCAEEK APT!. 

34 Units 

JUST COMPUTED 

Close ro Lnektcnd-Kollv in WESTWOOD VILLAOl 

Criicicncics, 1 and 2 bcdioom opls., all carpolcd, aFccltic fciFeheni w;rh diiliwall'Or, dis- poiol. Very ipaciauf wiih wolk-in cWn. Pool. All bill pnid. Adulll only. Mor. 
U73o427. 

6929 Tlmbercrook 

\OTCL flfic'e oomu, by day n^-67*7, LE 2 
, 
For I Sam TAM37/. 

^ the fmrdale 
[ $ 1 OA 1 Bedroom 
\ 
I JU Furniihcd 

I 
• ArfJl LIvMg •Pool • No P«li 
^ 
656-1oo1 
PAbOOroJrdo<* 
BlMlmnnA1 

- 
. 

EWCrodo. 33HH 

 acllv«r'carp*Itdi convenlenl^ tO nieinjh, Milt pj. 7A«-C«3J. 

$55—Air conditionor 

Vttf' d«lraWe. 5U E. Qvlncy 

McCrcloss Area 

 irend new oo1 on^ Iwo bidroani ran; fill. Individual ctnlrCH air. All 
HNHot paid. 3 piolt, Qoirtt room emit, car perlt, iliregi. Acroii riMn bul i bkukv <rotn McCr*|»n nd HI 37. siuihpiln) Aportmtnti y?_?°'_y.*w^rH!fnl5"'_?J!)*l??2! locheior iiif)i'Jd~>»m>rT«7fh. till! 

^ill) coil HuVUbrind 
Alams Hllanll, Snopplno C«n tij). 4 roo^tl, entire upilaln 

*1t"5i"rriic."ApTi No'.'^.'^'roonts fflce H fronl. _m Alio Apt. Ki ' 
^ rLj_,"_ nJ^ T 
1 
4' 

Jx(^5 
Mobile 
IIOIIM, 3 liWrc.- . 

>olhi cciilnil hfafflir, r*ar MelrxHlH loip. 1 iirSA. 4J3-UU. «<o33r 
17 VV.""EC5MdRO""n(*ly "polnlerf" edrainn. Ntnr hin, center. UN 
Ji;J)!i, OI4M*. 
JORTHSlb"€i~"a rowis iinihj riea 

--- painlBd. on: 

. worcr pd. Clot* 
. il. ]<r Wive 

Sl-J hul. 

*"ll«'r"Sie ""51 r 'coo.lHlfi pJ. UO, tn bul. 7MMII. 

NEAR ST. MARY'S 
AND METHODIST 

Nt~ apis, now kaiing. 1 and J bcdVpom furnithcd. Ccnlral ok- t-^crj shcK>caipcli, pool, ulililict pa'd. boewiry Guard. 
1221 Bo.-.dcro Rd. 
434.2221 

Royal Terrace Apis. 

 u w a y Molrl. Ellick y. tso w maid ser 
•auxin. JJJ-I5H. 

 o c u w a 
. 

 ontmy. tso wctlt far z oily maid service, Ictep 
• 

 tephonc, 
_ 

^lARA LODGE: •*- 

EFFICIENCIES, AIR. QUS 

11T WK. TO $I1S MO. 5««OI 

^ NEAR WONDERLAND * 
Laroo 1 be<frocm-$H7.» up-3 bed. rooms JI7o up-CcnlcaL twal-oir<ov crod parkhg-utlHtki pa^ff- Fum. or irn. Poof-Mo kiroc pelt. U? Wil- bixfl, 7o3 91H or Wot ion 777- 

6o1- 

I 41oo "woi« i>d- 

HJTII Helg/iri. 3 roo.n upper level 

 r>\., prlvata terrace- and holh. $11o xr mo-, will pd. 2 room efUecle nd both fffit icvcl/IW, bllCi p. 

Me to 2 cdlle&ci. buses, 2 R 
IY3. 73S-?o>3> 1 • Kpm 
MPER1AL 

COLONNADES 

621) Pcrrtn Qcllcl Rd. 

Al N.E. Loop 4)o 

T aid 1 bcd^ocm opann-cnls 
Stall 1crm ntllllcrv Icaiei 

653-o123 

THE SPANfSH KEYS 

ISO DADCOCK 
IM-T414 

 o.-xin.Tventj oiW 

SiWSMeur «ML/AH»;^I 
If 57oo btV. Son pidro 
K^ 

 bodrQani !ovrrJiouic furn. Khi(,*s11< 

1o*1, air, r-.ucc clowK, pool, illO. 
-l». NO fKli, 
1 bcdroo-n fi»rr>. 11J 

LA R1SA 

H DARCOCK RD. 

Tcrracc Hills 

 oounlry honx, 2 

PLUSH 'PADS 

A quiet, wooded setting wilh a breath-toeing 

 viev/ of San Antonio's rolling hillt. Striking con- temporary architecture in natural icdwood that harmonize* with nature. This I* Woodhiil. A tru- ly elegant apartment community with o lifes- tyle to match. See it for yourself. 

Pre-Leasing is now under way and the Infor- 

 mal ton Center is open til 9 Monday evenings for your convenience. 49o9 Wood stone Drive, 
69o-17oo. 

Woodhiil, Away from ft off but so m touch. 

Aparimenlx 

Furnfihed 

Copa de Ore Apts. 

211 Qtiert Sarvii 
34Mo13 

15 - ) bedroom opH.< ofr, 3 b!ks L.. y. Some new, W9.5o. Call onydcry or 
-— , ycrn-lOpni, W2-o434. 

 pt. IS! 
SOUTHSIDB: 
2 bcdrocKH 

XT rr.o. Good jtxcUoft^Wj- 
___ 

^l THEREl, Come Ses my newly decorated 4 rwm cpcrtmcnl. ivt 

1T iKHJMXi]. S13o. m-Ctll. 

HILLS 

 r O W N H O U SES AND APTS. Fur- n^s^cd & oi(urrt^hfd 1-t A 3 bed- room iUS to U!S, KE School Oil- 

 t._!"5 W. ailycrLSgqd^Jtjjjlj/.^ 

MIN'l tfr^riClENCY, ofr, tSO-liO per 

 son. VIM full lii«. 
317 
COM- 

Nr._POVyNTpWH. 227-31o1. 
__ 

Very Near SAC, neat ups'alri 1 bed- rconi pflrlly <urn. ap!.( QnrciQC, coj- j'ci only, rctc/cncci required. 
W-S 

OAKLAND ARMS APTS. 
Ill N. St. Mary'i— DowAlown ledro&m, llvlr.a, kitchen. Rc(rl 

_.., Will poM, ijo weekly. Mar- ? 
o6)?, 733 oo17. 

THE TARA 

1 end 1 btarocmlr irtrn H3a. Hear, ed peel, Corpellnn and tJraptl. Bu oT dCKir. Near North Star Mall, Loot 
41o, ond airport. All ullUHti paid 

&US|nlBROADWAnY''rn> **' 
«J4-W41 

JOHN MARSHA'LU A ^ O U I I O M. 
_ 
Park, 
V15 nMntiii r.cor Mclhoillvl 

OFF SAN PEDRO 
I bedroom (urn, 1US, 1 boriroon unfvrn., 114o. Rllli rxl. Pool. ti! 
I 
" STREAK 

TO THE KINGSTON APTS. i Fum. Ki Unfixri. Renl\. Tl-.eic 
I n?e c*rrn *|*actoui, Canvwil 

Located 1 btdraom op\'. 
M only S155 M mill Ptf. 
I 
IW2 Vor>C« JfliklOfl 

Lunury ^our.<i prool i" ood 2 l«d roo.^i sullei. Ideal door i^an, t>coull rul qrou^di, ail elfdrlc 
" In TV anrctino. ' 
" 

_ 
_ 
_ 

H GUI AND PAh' 
. ulllLI 

_ 

'Ki"? r<wnV"fnrii. 

 iM^A ruHNKMCn 
V I 411 *4CO Falrdnro 
V |OUTHC FAIRDAI 
Gari^J" louiron, 

 il I y 

C 

Aparfmonlj, 
UnfurnlihaJ 

THE HEATHER 

J*7I HlDDCM DR. 
" 
" 
' 

NOW PRE-LEASING 

LUXURY APARTMENTS 

A Better Way of Life for 
YOU! 

FROM $18o 

• 1 -7-3 Bndraami 
• 1 -1~lVi Bathrooms 
• Woodburning Flropfacoj 
• Wtuhcr-Dryor Connoffioni 
• Membership to Turlto Crock Country Club 

GENERAL ^ ELECTRIC 

863o Fair-haven Drive 

69o-1533 

Won.-Sot. 9-6 pm 

Sun. 1 -6 prn 

'COUNTRY 

CI.UB 

APARTMENTS 

.LE 

, r ' "I 1 

$13o nionlh, water 

HOUSE; APTS. 

HJIL* rKl-.Aji_ rnnvcn'ppci'i. ri. Son1 

Morfern"St«"iH«""Xpt./ "an "i iii Tini bllll ixf, »5- 732o3^6 o' 7Ji Till 

RE1T OHOLIND LFiVCL* OUPLCX 

Highland Hills Apis. 
A|« COUniTIONCD— CARPOKT 

? bedroom irolkr, I u rn I » h o d. on 
(nrni, I.oil ol inacQ la nionT veoeln- 
' * 
Inxili. i ixiiiei fconi 

, . tivl ra'\« onl 

. 
V«ry n'te* elllcvncvr nplj, O air, gni & water poV 

 lj, Orrocl, 
624AV9. 

 lo Li-b/it 
IJ 1)1 alter 

COUNTRY'CLUB APTS!" 
MM FAirtHAVKN DRIVC_ iM Ul) 

Shearer Hills Apts. 

1 ncdrosni Unfurn. JUS 
., 

3 ncdroem Unlurn. (ISO 
I'nlm Sfir'iigi ilyic. [ ach vrtth \l\ awn kiQe palin, walnut pnncllng 
Inrni ilornae Itikfc and wilslrfo. 
Crniral flir. NO tMgv Drive Eo me hcn'nn^o or 6)oo b!V. of San I'e^ro nn-u turn \Vl:ST on Avenua DelFUy. 
Caimiiin 

 flir'S.'PrMO. Apl." Ho.'T. 3"rMnii" 
SAS HMJ1*, 5J47SW. 
I14b"nienlti '-"RUli iwirf~"LQ"roo be<1roen^, n*v/ oH tkttrlc klUhn hrnl, olr, corptl. Mf(ir 
LackranL 

IUXURY APARTMENTS 

8715 DATA POINT 

Take Wunbach West 

From IH-1o 

1, 2, 3 BEDROOM 
1 & 2 BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 

Membership In Tutlle CittV 

Country CFub Infludcd 

696-8364 

MANAGED BY 

PREFERRED 

APARtMENT 

MANAGEMENT 

INC. 

NEW LUXURY APTS. 

1.7.) n«drcKwi^s, Shng corpcling 

2 pooli, lennli couf li, po"v ro^ni rtimlly scci:o*ii, AiluU Sccl.oni 

BIL.IS I'AK) 

1 Ijlki Coil ol III il en Ktlllmon H 
IIS Oeldlicld 
Ut'U 

• • * 
• « 

_ 

 i*, 2 fi?(fr"oofiXi \*JiTi H4 
, rironts, eftifal olr> 

, arKilii only. tUS, bill' 

Apis. 
Qttlntji 

 n.-wt 3 
, r Ic-is. lo Ccrttrdl Park, 
. 

Hn».JMt4113. 5MI fl-rviax 
" 
~ 
' 

PMOHI! YOUR WAUT AO- 

^fje Catlton 

 shows you what really matters 

 in apartment living . . . plus . . . 

2 WEEKS FREE RENT 

 on 2 OR-2 BATH RAT or 3 8R-2'/i BATH TOWNHOUSE 

•ft Separate Family and Aduft Areas 

* Covered Fojfchg 
* Pdioi or BoUonin 

* fill'Timf ieiujily 
• llrrplaifi In TovriKajsei* 

* AlhtlitUit KiKhini 
• lepoiara (libfcomt 

+ SEPARATE FAMILY AND ADULT POOLS 

6 Months Loose Available 

CAU OR COMC IN 
Carlton 

6673 Callaghan Road • 696-3^. 

HL'ALLY CUTOll 

 klFchen. ilicx] carpel, dVapri, 
Irlc 

ALAMO MCIOHTS 

Walk lo Loiiir'ti movie t, ithBoli. 
Ihepplna. (rvurcnci. Qn« and |w> lltrv 1 bid roam opart menu. 
AH 
• lacfrlc 
Mlcfceni, wairin^rvtri, 

IOTS» paKot, pool/ Ihlrlttnlh nionlh if *o. 
Buirerr^id 
Apartmcnri, us 

Very nice u^tvrnl'.ftcd un^folrj Cu- 

" irtmcnt. In excfrr'cnt naijjtv 
Irfco! lor mkkllnoaerl ccw- 

 pfo or il-nk) lad/. |Jo mil. ??<J491S or 3JO 4?1A 
[ 
_ 

Ha" P'oViin n l~fir"l~Mav"Hcor 
Ctnlrnl Park, 1 Uidroont, dMisvaih* 

Pod, waler nrxl uai paid. Ht- 

.- nr, ipo^e f u r nl sli c il, 31o; 

Sncrr 11-u rook ( «fl n<ir>d*rti Rd. near jif*: 3»;3m. 34? n&. 

 ritONC YOUR WANT AD-11J-lt« 

A>AK1AMNri 

UKOI I A 3 •tDtOOMf 

I ROM $1o7.1o (rVn. 1133) 

I 1AVANMIH4CK 

OUICT tCOZY III THC COUNTfltt 
O rnin. lo LocVI<w], M3r t'corvUE 
Rd. fb FM 1664. 1 twdniOtm, iljva, 
(••Irkj.j o'r ccori. «. woltr (urn , oil r^jlfc<j_jntill>. S?J nx>. 611 JMI. 

"THE PIER APTS. 

FAMILY APARTMENT HOMES 

Family Sized Apartments 

Recreation Areas for all Ages 
Orange Goose Daycare Center 

.School Bus Service 

MDtttrkltfcSMlkr-1 

MG-G-Expre«-N«w«, Sunday, ftprll 14, 1974 - Golden Twin 

If you want more for your 

 children than apartment living normally offers, then you owe 

 it to your family to see 

CONCORD SQUARE 
53oo N.W. LOOP AJo 

,'\ 
AT EVER5 ROAD 

South side oF the 

Loop 

684-6422 

$19o-$315 

PRESTIGIOUS 

LIVING 

• Security guard on grounds 
• Covered parking * Bus at 

• fronl -door O Carpeting • 

Lined drapes • Sound proof apis. * Alamo Height* school district • All utilities paid 

ONE BEDROOM 
FROM $1 65 

TWO BEDROOM 
FROM $2oo 

THREE BEDROOM 
FROM $35o 

TOWNHOUSES 
FROM $24o 

NO\V LEASING! 

Mon.-5al. 9 om-6 pm - Sunday 1-6 pm 

7711 BROADWAY APT. 
22B 

824-63o8 

APARTMENTS 

Fine Home Quality 

For Elegant Adult Lving 

Medical Center • FJSAA « UTSA 

;ui«l Malls 

^ 
342-9321 

781! 
CHAMEfRSROAO 

Conven'c/xc fn locotic a*x/ tutuly fi^ingl 

Family 

Apartments 

Tennis Courls 

Enc/oserJ Payrjroi/nc/ 

Mini Storage 

Boof Storage. 

1oo14 BROADWAY 

Broadway at Bitters Rd. 

824-297o 

Confemporary Living Concepts from 

CALLAWAY & SCHLUETER, INC. 

New Contemporary 

Bachelor Apl 
$1 oo 

2 Bcdroo-ii, 1 Bolli . . , $21o 
Near SAC, Cypreis Towori, 
Metropolitan General Kos- 

P °4o4 E. PARK 

693-1245 

5 Mij1u>9» l« Wondirland 
Wil^n 4 l,k(kl of ol 
"f«u/'tTiopping n««di lu«ity U,in3 at 
IA Bandcra 

RIGSBY APTS. 
ItV) Rlgiby Avo. 

Unique New Garden Typo 

Apt. Progact 

UNSlllfvAtll 
RfNTAlS 

Control Heat-Air ftonr Supplement 
NOW Available 

 f?t 337-4241 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

Luxury 3 bedroom, 2 bath towv haute. All lh« extras. Call for more 
InlormotlMi. IMP per men I h. 3^-S4H. 
Woodtown nren: la. < rtom dvplex. 
«S_mo., blin pd. Sl-m3. iottifoaio-i'ptui u"wtwl you eel wlltl an E«prmNt*l cteiillkJ od. PIIOIIG YOUR WAIIT AD-M5-I6M 

| L&R Townhouse 

158 ElMio 

2 bedroom, $125. Heal, air, 

I carport, piivole p^li'o, Fau/Kji/, 

IwfrrvnJng pool, no p«1l. 

344-49o4,344.9793 

C h o c m l r > f f $ti,d^ Apottrrent, o conditioned, r.cor SAC, en bul, n 
Slove A ret/locraror, tHfite, 
B? 
3;io. - 

-A" Oak Hills Ma/nor Apt 
2 txdrm. lownMtfll, tm odult corr> pltx noaf MMIcal C«nt« 
Morw or. OH^SII, 

Save the "woei11 of opartmenl hunting by coming lo the largest selection you will find ohywhero in San 
Antonio. You'll be most pleasantly surprised to dis- cover how much luxury you enjoy for so litllo money in one of CPM Management's 2o1o units. 

FAMILIES WUCOME 

A lot Marc Cental Than Monty 

 ftke It our J/ro!l*l 

CHURCHILL 

EISENHAUER 

IARK5PUR 

School Bus 1o Dooi. 1 and 2 
Bedroom. 
2 
Bedioom 

Townhouse*. 
Attractive 

RetreaKcn Room WltH flee 
Pool Table, P;ng Porg Table, 
VVel Bat. 

Planned and Spontaneous 

Family or Adult Communities 

Six Month Leases Available 

• All Electric Kitchens 

• Pets Acceptable 

Weekdays: 9-6 

Sundays: 1 -6 

Appointments Accepted After Hours 

^.the. 
. 
Courtyard/ 
FAIRWAYS 

3815 
PARKDALE 

8631 
FAIRHAVEN 
44 1 1 Gardendale 

Ina! oifff cverymir.g 

696-4892 
696-3499 • 696-451o 

CHURCHILL 
SQUARE APTS 

14oo1 Oak Meadow 

Universal City 

Near r.oilrisrd5 mililnry bait-s und every convcn'crvcc. 

11726 West Ave 

APARTMENT 

ENVIRONMENTS 

3815 
WEST AVENUE 
344-772o 

658-5349 • 658-534o 

COLONIES 
NORTH 

APTS. 

ADULT 
LIVING 

Planned 

& Spontaneous 
Cfosc lo leading iliopp:ng confer! end rraiii rralfi't ofterips. 
9915 Powhatan 

1O2o2 Desert Sands 

341-6228 

 u-xs "i bcdtccms 

 rc.ii SI55 deal localion necr shopping wl-cm IH 41o » IH 1o on 
.Veil Avenue. 

CALL OR VISIT 

9 AM 'TILL DARK 

(\r.-\H jMh.vrs 

NOW LEASING! 
PECAN 
MANOR 

GARDEN 

PARTMENTS 

'.vau \.illi-v I),. 

2l ylhin you 

 the best of li 

GATEWAY PLAZA 

APARTMENTS 

US 9o WEST AT FINN RD. 
673-8691 

• All utiKlioi pet., Furnished & Unfmmihcd 
• 1 S2Bedioonu, 1 B?Balhf 
• 14 cif. IN Frotl-lree relrigaialor 
• fuacydsGE Dishwasher 
• GE fleclrk Range with self-cleaning oven 
• Garbage disposal 
• 2 speed "qujel" vcnl-a-hacd uuil 
• Your own ecu Ira I hcQt-air condilione; 
• Doofb^llunit 
• Shower enclosure 
• Pre-wiied Television in living & bedjoom 
• Future <oble TV connetttom 
• Double shelving in tfolhei doiels 
• Thkk2iSor. ifiagtarpelir-g throughout 
• Outdoor covered patios and balconies 
• Exhaust air system in bathrooms 
• "Eye-spy" unil in front door 
• Pie-Vfired lefepKanes, two localians 
• Large slorcge room lor eacFi upt. 
• Tito separate fire alarm systems 
• Pool, Sunbathing we a, Bathhouse 
• lauridiy tcbona v»ilh TV 
• Picnk grounds and tables, vo! fey boll 
• A'.oll box (onvenfeiilly in some building 
• Covered parking Forecdi opl. 
• Security guard on premHcs 
• Neither thifa"fcn orpets o!Eowed 
• Restaurant ccrtm Ihe street 

Rent s155-'235 

END OF THE CROWDED 

LIVING MISERIES 
OAKDEU MANOR iS what spacious living 

Is all about! 

2-I.JtMm, 2M.|clh, 15oo sq. ft. From $27o 

3-B)t!fWm, 2H;3o1h, 17oo sq. ft. From 5275 

Woodburnlnfj finplocos one) w<t bars c 

N«or 
USAA, 
Mothodiit 

Hoipilal, Ttioi Midicol 
School and Wondtrland. 
Newly r*d«corat«d and undor n*w manogemen). 

7322 OAK MANOR 

DRIVE 

 spacious lomil>. apo.lmcnl. yoy II find a faige seloclio.-i available for immcdialc oc- 

 y ... bjl Ihcyofe rcoi 

 il ... so Jiu'iy cut lorjay! 

• lull l:l. , ,„,- Kil, U,.,i, 
• Hup V\:ill,-lii I I..-.1- 
• 1'iiiir I'.. ,il- — |,, 

(I, ,l,|,, ....... 

« Tl.rr,. r.irki,,- *,. 

 ll:inilli:ill 
( ..... I- 
• 

Ilii-ki-lkilll-iiiirl- •I'iii- 
' 

HIATAI.S K\M;K !>,„„ 

>1 I') I MTKMSHI-'I) 
-SI.'><>!•• I KMSIIKJ) I P u.i. rni.rni-:s i'\m 

 i s .' i)i-:i)i«io.Ms u.si'i STI nios 

 itv.Mn. i< SH'IS!'*"' 

WI'JIO.NY TOI.]•!)<> 

 l-'nr 

<:OY\. S I I K H I I O I ) 

K CO.. I.NC. 

 at a tiery livable price 

Clubroom • Pool, ping pong tables • 
Full wel bar and kitchen for parlies • 
Shag carpeting • 
Contemporary color schemes & furnish- ings • Master Charge 
• Pets welcome • In- dividual heat and air 

94oo Fredericfcsburg Rd. 

696-577o 

STRAUGS INVESTMENTS 

• All electric kitch- ens • Dishwashers 
• Disposals • Laun- dry facilities • All adult • Rentals from 
$159 • 1,2.3 bed- rooms • Family sec- 

 tion • Turtle Creek 
C o u n t r y 
Club 
• 

Health club 
/iv 

NOW LEASING 

TV IE W PLA CE APART. 

4o15 
Ca!iaohan Rd. 
684-5O72 

All Ulililics Paid—Furnished & Unfurnished I & 2 Bedrooms— I & 2 Bolln 

14 tu. ll. froit-free refiigefalor 
Full tyde G.E. Diiliwaiher 

 vgB w/self-clecningovcn 

 diipoial 

• 2 speed "tiuiel" venr-hood unit 

> Your own cent/al heol-oix (ondilioner 
• Qoorbetl unit 
• Shower enclosure 
• fit-wired T.V. in living & bedroom 
• Full/re coble T.V. {onnettloni 
• Doub1« shelving in clolhei (b»ts 
• thick 76 o1. shag (cupeling Ihruou) 
• Outdoor covered pofios onrf 

>• LQI Angilii Hghu v fi'ce 1 b«fro«n opf. i ero!tx,_wr>1cr_pd. SIM. 
_ 

CASTLE"l(ILUS AREA—Spotfogl" 1 txdro«T\ In lo-^ery ^-p!»« will, cor- fx-t, oil o p r > l 1 a n c « l / toroQ vtK'cf, 

 llob'Q Irrj-ritdioltl/. Hii 4SS-4H4. 

• 'Eye spy" unit in fionl dooi 
• rVt.wired telephones, two locations 
• Latge ilarage room lor ccxh opl. 
• Two Htwrote fin* olaitn lyiltmi 
• Pool, tunbolhing ruin, boDihouie 
• laurtaVy cabona with T.V. 
• Picnic grounds ( loM«i t voKty boll 
• Moil box conveniently £n same Wdg. 
• Covered porting fw each opl. 
• Securily guard OD p*emim 
• Heilher ihildien nor pels allowed 
• Food ttote CKCOIS Ihe ilieel 
• Coming in 1975—Bo/brr-leai>fy 5cJo/i, 

Supper Club; cor-coit centei end sloies aust-air syilem in bothiootns 

Rent$15S-$235 

Shouldn't TOWNVIEW bo your PLACE? 

Townhouse 

7 b«droomi, \','t bolhi, cclor keyfd kllchon, tyeo^rotl bar, dlnlrvj. Dew pflvalo (efic«d polK). 
Tho Golden Key 

PKOftE YOUH V/AfJT AD— 2 

 r 

COLISEUM PARK APTS. 
3IS SPRIOOSDALE oil n. 
Com- 

 rr<rw. 
1S7.SOJW.SO Opll. oil llIC!. 

Tho TAYLOR HOUSE 

"Taylrxed" fo yoyr ruedl 
IJtolly Kxo1t,|, 4t onll ccmr/e« iwi K^y»Hock ci. 
THI.IM; 

SECURITY 

PLJt 

Apts. of Distinction 

THE VILLA FONTANA 

123 [lro«,(ruli;e AVI. 
<OII 

McCnKLBSS AliICA 

... _nd r.**f wit ond tvt» Mdro 
Prom 1115. Individual t«*1rai _ 
All ulillllo paid. 3 (MWls, oa roflm limit, 
<arpirli> 
11o^4 
Atr»ii from bui. 2 bloclti fr 
McCr«rtii urtd Mi 
37. $o*r1hp« 

Apar1mtn1i, JSW So, Niw rro^nf 

So nice, so near 

. . .to everything. 

8 Differenl floor plans from 

 which to choose. 

1-2-3 
Bedroom 

1-1 '/i-2 Baths 

Central ak A heal • 2 pooh t> 

 laiKidflai • Covered Ptxkln? • 

^Forest Oaks 

APARTMENTS 
^ 

6313 EVERS ROAD • 
684-4755 

Q.-H? end or.tH.o'l inile^Nailh of Loop 4 1Q 

APARTMENTS 

ADULT SECTION AND FAMILY SECTION 

IIEAUD POOLS 

SECURI1Y GUASD 

ACROSS LOOP .11o FROM 

NORill SrARMALl AND CCNrRAt PARK 

Shopfjir.g Cpiiler. 

1-2 AND 3 BEDROOM UNITS 
TWO BEDROOM UNITS 

FROM $185 

[rjrPAMCC FBOM 7226 M*rJCO BO*O 

TEL 342-29o3 

For a Special 

Way of Life 

Fomily Aparlmiifit Homes set nparl from itic crowd. 
Brcalhtoking vlcv/s, nalufc undisturbed. 

SI 2o4265 

6 Month Leases Available 

24oo Oakhill Rd. 
684-3481 

AH lr*»*«t 

We believe In order to give you real service we must add something extra . . . and that is sincerity and integrity. We care. 

• uplo 2ooo sq. II. 
• nine fool ceilings • wel brirs • private patios 
• (onti.il .inil Informal dining • security and mainteiiiincc seivice 
,. 

• washer/dtycr connecdons • cluh 
• lie^lecl swiininino pool 
• fireplaces • convenient to shopping, schools. churches • social iKtivilics programs 
• lociifetl i;» prestigious 

A\ary ^\ont. 
Up to S<13o. 

3678 Hidden Drive 

 at Starcrest 

(512) 
653-73o3 

Luxury is not 
.^uncommon. 
LSpacious 
JLuxury is. 
Las Sornbrns is nn adult iipurtmtjrH coniraunity for thu 

..professional. 
1.2. 

 and 3 bet I rooms up to 
MOO S<|. ft. A Hiiiall intimate community 
, in prestigious Mary 
Aluut. with. privacy,. quality construction. 
Fireplaces. studies. pool. club. 

S 155 to $3oo. 

PerrinPkmi npartments 

1 & 2 IIOIOOM 

65S-7122 

THU OOLDlin KCy 

Aparlmont Locatori 

111 llil 
FREn 
}tl- 

 riioiii: OUR WAIIT Ao-«5'im I-IIUHE YOUR VMIIT AU-«H«« 

^ _ _ _ 

_ 
_. ,,,W t IxJifOWrtj S~Cli 

 e1t> tt'.r, la. UsHr>adlAJnn arco, ilo^ rvTrla., Qurouo. Aiivld-ifo Pett. » 

 rilOHG YO'JFI WMIT Al)-; 

87O2 Village Drive 

653-2849 

Take Loop 41o. . uxit nt Sturcrust. drive north 1 block to Hidden Drive,* turn left tn L.HB 
SomhruB. 

NOW OPEN! one bedroom 

1 42 3 UBi H s PaM 

 futnhlicd/unriirnishvil 

Live .il llu- 

 apartments~' 
59oo Wurzbach phone 684-2674 
5-1o inimilrs 
In I J I S A , IISM. Mr<lic.il" 
(vnlvi. I .ic kl.mil. 
, 

Plantation House 

Luxury Aparlinrnls 
'. 

HHMSIirll-LMI RMMiHI 

Irncbrilromi sl||.T. 

Tmbrdnwrn 
SI7.Vt 

APARTMENTS 

ACROSS FROM 

NORTH STAR MALI 

341-4621 

1-2-3 BEDROOM 

> WOODBURNING FIRE 

PLACES' 

> NOW 
LEASING 

WESTWAY APTS. 

5427 Culobra Rd. 

Approximate Rental 

I Bedroom - 
$1o6.oo 

? Bcdraofns 
*US.15 

3 Bcdroomi 
$1o1.oo 

4Rc<l,ix,mt 
S147.7S 

435-1616 
T=f 
Control f 

OLMOS PARK. ID] Stanford. Rfdc.- cwoled. Upper, 1 b<Wm.. air, h«olr: a refrlgerolpr. 195. eti-^ij. 

U4 

JEFFERSON AREA 
' 

 rtrjeccKOled, ur^urn., 1 bfcdl" 

-'Invnlll, Soulhildc, 5 la'mf." 
:;.r«,:? ?!i'*<v «<*>• up- 
. _ 
Oak Hills Village :.L 

344-9726 
1 bicfroo-n, 3 balh 
. 

 btdranm, Wi balh, 1113... 
; BADCOCK RO, 

Lafayette I'lacc Apartmenls- 

DISTINCTkVG LIVING 
»_CiU.*OII»HJJo12; 
MT Mil 

BEST GROUND UEVE L~^U PLE K 
FURNIStlUD OR UMFUnillsfilo 
Highland Hills 'Apt. 

AIR CONDITIONED-CARPORT 
Ml E. SOUTIICtlOti 
^flguM' 

* TEHBCLC HILlTr* 
~,. 

Lo«!l» I btdroom, IV, bon? carrnt.- to, bin> rrf. Cto'reriiwi t«S foi nova and f«l/lr>«rolor. liij r..'i 
»j.357< Qll.r SijTonrJ WMIKM, " ' 
~ ~ — ~ ' 

 d r^rto* I ood 2 aom lollef. Idral ««w |3on, te. lilnl grou>v», oil tlcclr c iuJhSi twill in W oolHitxi ipo/iVSiv 
Man on<( ritrHclty nxi I nl n ?,« {'JX n,l_ur>^ mill W T ' l S * M»7 m 

THe MO'RM'ANDIE 

IJI» McCULLOIJOI|_ 
__ 
Ott 

'lirooks Aroa 

 tl I I I i^bVtj'.'VriSl nlr. 11] fi». 
Jlt'W.'f'rehcli. Uj5Sr"l"reim~6' 
Clion, V/rnt «n1pl«w»J r* V.il laily or «up.i._l«i. Jjj.;i|). ^" 
. pfioIit 

ExpfQM-tlowi, Sunday, April 14, 1974 - Golden Twtn-Q-Poge 15G 

AfMrtfM«Mtiif 

COUNTRY 

LIVING 

= FAMILIES 
: WELCOME" 

Carpeted 

• 511 Appliances 
• T>v° Poojs 
• £lub Room 
• Security • Closo to 

Service 
Schools 

H,2,&3 
; Bedroom 

• Apartment 
;>135to>26o 
'.Convenient to 
Fort Sam Houston 
•Randolph Field 
^and Downtown 

THE . 

 bMrMtitt . jHjpic, r» LXMI 
'17»Keiir 

 bidrioni MUM, iurjilitietf. r buT- 
_«P l»a«fci«"»HMd. kfear Brou.i^ viii iivwtwi iv 

LoAo, 63j»M», 

W Ecil"Hlldtbrand, new1 Alan 
•'QhU S h o p p i n g Canltr. but. 
KXM, cotlra wjitolr*. suiloole a- 

Ice duplex, 3 rim, "lire _ 

Jj_&grg se, wqler pd. 733 4 

Dcdream tro'.ler on Medina Rlvtr, 
•laden Vo\lcy 323-4967 
H,-K,^J.VSi«OL9^n^Kcir^j 

2644 Ackerman Rd. 
(V) mile noith of Hi 1o) 

661-5787 

ONE BEDROOM 

Furnish odrUrifurnished 

From 1395o 

• A young ad u II conirnunity 
• Oia'lnsruened quality 

FIRST CAPITAL 

MANAGEMENT CO. 

1. 2"and 3 bediaom opli. o-roi'nble 

^t^NApTRtMS 

3o7 W.MHlUlo* 
735-4691 

CHULA VISTA 

B322 Jonat Mollrbeigei 

341-7931 

VANCE JACKSON 

SERENTO . 

2515 Cluia lane 
342-6oo7 

GREENBRIAR APTS. 

8535 Gi«onb»ier 
'158.42oo 

All hove tenliol Isol-a'ir. pool. 

 ired poiking. Icrge c'oioU. eni Icraiion. 

"A Fun Place to Live" 

 am, 
1 OQ 5o l!D[ilt)» 
I«V7 

FernTihod/Unlurmilicd 

 n Ktiitkwitt S.». S-1o mlou .1 frixlJUi**, UI(», Mlliicol Ctn.r and.fhcppifig. Poll, pally n^uu>, 

WOODWAY 
Apartments 

 is»'Ea$y Living" 

F.iiy cm Iho waflcl: 

 efficiencies 127.5o In 
.nit) 1 Bdr. 
152.5o 

3 Bdr. fiom 1(p7.. r>() 

3 lldr. from '225. Ill) 

 r.iiv Access: nff 1-1(1 nn 
Piifclmiok ,\( C.ill.i^h.ln i Phone :i42-4i14 

Heuici, Duplexes 

— Furnlih«d 

 wn ry Ll 
. 
In o1 modern coiivenltncti. ommeriet, «n poi«i tiny, » 
"ei irjm towi. G o r d o n >po<«, wli) ha<o clJctini. fitltt ald«r 

 i. Ilk both, 2 air, adult j*iiv_M. ^"lOL^y7^ 
,, 
—II. fleor Randolph, Vl«". 
M. cenlrci c]r,Jenc«. 624-7913, 

 ler MDJDIA f u r n 1 s fi.. oMlleld. 3-1 tent, olr, $17$, IW- 

 i!« CA5TI.E YARD 

3 b e d r o o m , air, uarflflo, yard, il^ ma. a 

REALTY ? 

Llama HoMi OupUx, spacious. , rrj^oom I balh. vouiitd ceiting, 

* 
16o7 V/. Craig. Air, «o.. ^ lh-v-.ow 

. 
- 

1SS. 3 bcdrcofn, olr, fwic«. 174-791 
•lly-Lackland, 3 room home, (125 j[ls pd. j^Q dcp.jm-12aj. 4JS-3J7" 
JW CENTER. S p o t l e s s 3 _,„ own i'/j bar-fa, large ponded family com. SITtXjggkr pd. 734-o4'M. 
_ 

?« Ralnclood. TfvunderHrd HLili 
SO. 3 bedrooms, cenlrol nlr/ 2 co«* srope. fence, pallo.t&-7jT^ 

 rgwn duclex riecr Ft. So.-n. SIM 
'i!t;s. "• — 

DREAM HOJSE. 4 bed/aom, cenlrol 
!r, vrtJH-to-wali carpet, fenced. 12o mo. 222-157* Weil Side. 
* ALAMO HOTS. 
Upper duplex, 3 bedroom Icr mo lur woman. 317 Harrison Avo. $11o, * r paid, yard kepi. 82<5-4<M. bedrwm, nice, clean, tlei 
Me 
Creless C*nl«r. Cou.Ve. No childr pcti. $1oo nxmlh. PE5-7771, 
1E3-8541. 

Houses/ Duplexes 

WILSHIRE-P/CHliUrMllf dccarnK 

 and cute ci a bullon. 3 bedroom) 
.,«,„„ 

DBAKTE OWENS 

SPACIOUS 

DUPLEX 

Clior/ri A Privacy *)f your o<v/i fiorrto wl^ioui xorr/wovlr, 

 h.'oonWff Nf Di'fl/Ja 

3 l)DrJrcoj;i( oW wfrfi wtjhV in 

Job, ^ uoyJjj, «yj olottr'ft 
/wn'wi'ffi (Vii/j^ojficr, rove'/ 

 private wgod /on<eJ pofk>, woifior & Jr^ei. CerWra'- wir- ri 6 a/, 
Sporvift rr/t 
TJo CM I 

Ui/ounrioul. W/5 moi'AJuKi.: 
826-37o4',' 

 love, refr.'oeralor dlthwoiher, tJh a:al, waiter, dryer arid tlroriei, 
Jcor c!ub)i«xti«. 
IH «H or i:> oso 

DHANfE OW^WS 

•ffvote polio/ and nice yard. Near lrc;?d*ay and KG Loop. iJCO. &2S- 

 be-dTOom, den, fenced yard, A'onio 

Ifffj. SChCfOli,_QppllOlKM. 87<V*1&6, 

 illi. Many lre«, In ly HS>. Immcdlole cccu 

3 bedrooms, 2 bains, fe.-xed yard central air. Rtx Monloomery.Rcallai 
I2A-951J. 
-_ 

 tl5t>. Clean 3 B«droom, 2 Bo Mi itoui with fenc«J yard. 
Wee iVclQTiDor 

Hand, near Lackland. 5*11 Share-view 
PI. CALL: 6?6-51W Open FrJtfay Ihr 
Monday. 

Brand New Duplexes k1j>o,sl?ed bedrasms, 2 lull balks hitch, equipped tzw. iM-WO Souirt trail. Keor Cenlral Park. & 41o. All 
2 bedrooms, 1 bolh, color coordtrva! cd, Sltii, at NQI 
Rd.) 3H flewso 

Plui 

5tiopnlr>g < nuckboord 

CROWN RIOGE „ Tcwnhouit, 3 be* oom, JVj bains, fully carpeted, re flgtrolor, fireplace, malnlerxwic 

 a-Kl dues paid by owner. Lease VJ' per mo, iSS^Mi cr nitcs 6SS-37W 
.55-91W. 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR _ 

 i bedroom duplex near Son Antonio 
Zollea.e. Garage, range, refrlotrulor. 
HID per mo. 

.Bo8_PO^JERj!7l «3J 

A FOREST of frees su'rroOndJ mis cedar ihofce with brick frant home. 
3 bedroom* In choree McArthur HI ar«o. 1195 per mo. 

BOD FOSTER 4J6-31J1 

Parflally fun 

Walking dltlcnce la Mails, 5 roams modern, large storage, only 1)35. 
7JI4ii» REHTftL BUREAU 115 FE 
3.3 Pluv b-jlllln kllctien, close- I 

& LackFand. f4\ 
73511»; 73M931_ 

Close lo Lacklovid-K«IIy. jTiii *mo lease wilh opiie-n l& buy, 3 t — 

 bedroom*, iano*, Terrlperalor, ... pel, fenced. Farm & Ham* RealI 

WE HAHDL 
C«m« Set U 

BUDDY UHCKER 
«i<-JH1, I3H Aulltn Hwy. 

N.r, 3 b**« 
H.J., 4 Mf 

 nt, J3I5 M*. 

, )75o mi. 

ROBY REALTY 

o28-o568 

CHOICE RENTAL'S 

Sfcn^i^A^yaS: ervl covwllNoii. Immcdial* o<cupor.cy, u/\ 
EU DORADO. 3-2-7, privacy fenced, nJnr- condlttoo. Avolloblfl June, l»o. 
CROVfNRIDGE. 
Luxury lov/nhouw 

 plus oo yard work. Onojx:5, oorpci, 
'-T>V]C«. ImmedloWy avallobro, t1« ii*3 Recirof» MLS nJrei t5S-<9K 

GENE WILSON 

SJJOCIOOJ 4 b«r«m, 3 bolli, H»C»d r« iluiWri >«(). tlcor II Loop 41o. 
_J>EVMILT t assoe. Mtw? 
>W MllllaFv'Dr. 3-1 Mar 
Start UO 

IMJH«JUIEHCA HEALTY miOT 
>uptox, 2"be*oom. iw bo^n. wilh 
'Ircplatc, carpel, drapei, J'tcr oa- 
•noe, l«n<«l yorj, Clull pool ovotia. 
3!e, near Metflcal Cenler crxl UT5A, ivallnlrti Moy |. 1:43 moolti. «(. 

,.lnn» HtTl KltxH. 4li 
Spoclwf ^ bitfroom of^«r hom«. 
Air condilrcnttf, 9I<S mo, 8«n Lom, 
:rl Co. 1oSI Auilln Hwy. im«63 
Immediate Occupancy 

Cxlrimily rlt« 3 bedroooi I baih, full-/ corfwtvJ, flow, covered p°Ho. 
CIOM lo PI. Som. Oi«. »I4S. 

CfliTKl/ llove, refrlocrolor, 1161, 

KO'RTH'PAIST REALTY 

IH-Dlt 
«M»S__*H-«IJ 

6 spacioui rocmi. /\1i ccnlral unit. 

RenjolJ^Brtflu'41o1 Son Ptdro, Fc« 

EXTRAS 

 an provide exlras st, pch 

 refrlg , dlLtiwaiher, carpel 

 r1/* can 

 and, cenlral *clr,~oV' 4 bed"reom"s"i and 2 txiihs, paneled ctens, double 
Oarooe. 115o lo sJSO mo. fi^KKHO. 

BO~B FOSTCR REALTY 

 j-l-l olf Cgfcbra R~a\ in mo. 
2^71*9 
Amtrlccn Realty 
224-U77 

 ftEAft M E D I C A L CENTER. 3-2, carpeled, cenlrol ulillllei, aito effj. 
Clervcy cpartnr.enl. Coup!o Of family 
PfcJ*r_fcrf_. 3<2-SWOpr 67MOTJ, 

* ALL AREAS * 
.Itnloli fnxn siSftmo. 1-4-5 bed- 

 roomt, 1-3 talhl. No choyie fo len- lanli or lor.alwd. HO/AOFIHOEftS 

HOMEOWNERS, e»-3»i 
_ 

3 ODRM., 1 botti, cenlrol air, refrig- erator, range, D75 mo. 

BILL DODGEN 

COLONIES fJORTH, 4 bedroom], 7 bolh, WOO^nwirh. W6-3SW 
3~~D^roonV"ftom«~ frP V7(1 ihlTfr ~fe?7 
/ace, screened perch, I arc* u1 filly room, carport, fenced yard, wild 
•-H d iretl. N.E. SrhooH V/ater poid, SI65 pUiS tSQ 
. 674 MS7 

ALAMO MOTS. 

Luxury largv 2 bedroom, separate dining room, carpel, d roots. IJzs 
Mr*. McCtor^hon 1344617, >2^-o6« 

PRIVACY, comtorl otrf cha/m nro- vldsif by an e x c e l l e n t floorplan. 
Built In kltcl-en, ccnrral air, btaull- 
' ' carpel, d:>jtle oaraoe. 52J5 per 

DOD FOSTER 6S4-2U1 

. 2 bedrm. Quiet, 

 cluded orea. Only 11 DO. 7H-445*. 
Rental Dur«cu, 41 Cl San Pedro, Fca 

 aedroonu, 3: tqlhi, roJioe. relDoero- 
(cr, central olr. SIfS per ma. 

DOB FOSTER 6U-3161 

O 1C E Nel^nborMood near 
FL 

 i. 3 bcdfcc-ns 2 balhs, air ccndl- 

Uoned. $16o per mo. 

BOS FOSTER 6H-2U1 

HARMONY 'HILLS: 4 bedroom, 2 bolh, den. 521 Tammy Dr. WZ5. Plus 
3e^>o5lt1_62£-57l9. if ~;bcdVoom, ~ 1 bath homcj rarvgc, bfihwas-^r, ccnf. a:r, ftf.TCcd, rtC" senools, t7235. Opllon 1o buy avaU. 

DEVAULT & 
ASSOC. 3«-3»7 

Jay KloH-" >1, 3lov« & refrig., o!r, 
Sl/5. 67J-&41o, 674-5925. 
SPACIOUS LIVE OAK Home 3-2-2, range, rerrlg, central heal ami o'r, carpetlrvg. covered pailo, large dcn. 
1243 mo. DeLcncy Really «S3*5IO or 
6SS-OMZ evcnlr.gs. 

CAMELOT 

, bedroom, 2 bolh, 2 cc. ., carpel, Icfrted, cppltances. «44-l?34. 

DILL DODGEN 

 i3T~£leanor,'"2"bcdrcom dupTeTi wolcr pd. 342-o9-33. 

 if 'MOVE IN MOW • 

 oiy 3-1. Fenced1, drapes, air, $145 

N i c e chotct ol renla! homei. 1-1-4 bedroams. From $13o to «15 
Col (or deifiiu. *53-osso cr 

Realty 

__KERTZ, 3 bcdro. central heot end i" 
REALTY '6H-62f.e 
Glen Oaks Area, T o w n h o u s e , 3 bcdroo.ii, balh and hall, wall la wal carpet, eltclrlc bulll-in KMclKii, flrc- 

3-f"oirD(anc» Rd. SliTmiT" a?*l^* 
Arr.erlccn 
Realty m-WJ 

T'RADfftONALSTYLlNG In red an 
1Ir,ue brick. 3 bedroom 2 boWii, pc 
1 ' 
(5cn. ttcnp*. carpel 

HE icliooli. KID pc< 

DOB FQJTGR E26-9*71 

^FAR "KELLY, i bodfocrn duplex 
' <¥!' *?L***±?**'£E?-'*Zlf' 
* PARK VIULA'GE -Jt 
3-lVj-Mer,ccd, 417o. 
MORRIS REALTY 

•S5S-4994, &S3-4J69 

 e©RTEZ 

APARTMENTS 

SPACIOUS 

. .1 Bedroom Aparlmontl ; 

.1o11 VANCC JACK SON 

734-5252 

 n psiv lrol a 

DLOCK !o Carr^lol Elcmcoli 

.uxurlous 3 bcJroam 2 bolh, den ie, (crn'ol aixJ InForrr.al dlnlnu 

__.IMn MklKn. ccnlral air, lieomtlu carpet ar.d wall labrlcs. Double GU 

_DOD _FpST_ER_8MjtM 

_.. "DlklNi7~Threc bcdraci enced, ra^ge, ncor 
F-l. bcm, yard 

 kept, H6S, r><ione_224j-75Bh 

2 bedreem home, redccoi 

 waler po^- WS. 924-o4i? after 4:3C 
^r,\. 
"ijedroam home In HE iChtol dli 
.rid. V^lh, all cppUoncp-, end ak 
Convenient Ft, Soni cr Raiidclpft 
117o per mo. 

DOB FOSTER 

Ttvo Hllll—3 bedrooms. Irnced ynrd stove, oversee d gar ay., HE ithools 
U75 per rr.o. 
3-n-3o?1*^_P_OD PC PAOLO JM-5J5 
3~ticdTbon~i To'iciTityJc horr-c In Jud son School Diilrfd. Paneled nnd dining oreni. Ranoe, Ul^m and air. JI65 per <T.C. 

BOD FOSTER tlt-IM 

Clnin 2 bedroom, rclrlncralar, stove air. feinedr oarone, *l». Water pd 
ISO itcp. Small child. 1»U " 
French. «i:Cr?Ja 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

Lu«ury 3 wd/oom. 1 bull, lown 
• 
.e.AIIII*.««'ro». CalM^n^r 
. 

 frtfonxillOfi. IIW per 
NE7~4-3-3, AW-, ron, 

 ler.ced, $345 rr.on. A&J-C4U. 

^ 

 refrlgc'rolo 

CONTEMPORARY STYLING. < bed rooms 2 Dalns, range, rcfrlgwalor central air, NG school I, 
S^lO pc 

 ichools. i per o. 

AFARTMtNTS 

7636 CaHaakai "«"< b*l»nn 
IH-IO and |i*d«ikltbvrg Read 

3-19I717 

AflOJhti btMii kr'ftg »W(«pl 

' 

Phase If is open. 

. 
. 

ROD FOSTER 67t-Ji7l 

MORTIIEAStT~B«c'u(lfuilV ck'C 
4 ted^ooni 2 bolh, den homo. Me low portdlno,, (UKurloui VrOII fnOrlcs 
FlrepltKc. cenlral oli-lully caipelc 

3 bcgroQ.-tvi, 1 bain, cnrport A73-frO 
PLUSH ~Ir7AG~CA~RPET and open becir-cd celling mo>o IMS 2 " r o o m tov,rJioLrte. Anprancci, privacy Icixcd cxurlyorcl. 1175 

POD FOSTER B» >»1 

IW-MQDICAL CENTER, new L.-- d'jpkx, 3-1-1, c a r p e t e d drape 
5r-f«Lywd._flw-i^si7. 
•^"duplex, iccend y"d.r c'ec,_ kllch 

\^n;^Y6~~v7rrfSr"iTRG~ELCMa7^ 
TARY. Clean, air condillWKd 3 he room 2 bolh. Plvosiy IWKC. 5IW pen 

 m°^ 
BOB fOSTKR t3i«M 

ALL URIC*. Larije hvlnoroon'. \t\ 
Qlull fJoofi to rear. 3 Lr:lroomt, 
Mo balhi, ranyc, ak~, KE iU-.ool 
11« per njo. 

THE CARLTON ARMS 

 i«23 CALLAOIIAN 
IU-WI 

 isi"bTOT^6ioVo«ni tpi. oil w.5. iMuifaf/'Df. nior Trail !)riv« in, n-l hltthin, air, caipil, waltr nnd oo1 

!j<l.;r?M' m°' HAY ^ItAL RttAl.TY 

"'nRhrVflur i^i'fl 

In Ihi (of/ llwty of 1hli ) l>cilroMii 
Cl"irni9>, nlfh |lrcplnca> illvluv^nlvci l:uyi VCKI the flrrvfT, HO 

Tho Goldon Koy 
Aporlment (scalar, m-1131 

_-.. . i «»-»_". 

MetUria-LacKla'nd Security .. 

3 bcdrooTi, 5 balh, raiao. heal a'r, ier,ce<l ywrt, jwneled, earpc crf'-£?v?'ClJ pofOjJtliO.jwo^JJ*!^ 
">*;, R*oi!hn~fircfae« 
•< bertrVoni, ilh, over 2^gu tq. fl. livFno are 

 crcje d:n, covered polio, prlv lence, want to Kliooii, pool n'.. bei ih'p IncKjdcd, U5o nianlh. 61 

HoGa"~D~GN"~«ja~iuri)» peCarT^li" fna. Deonied celll.iai oivl ihoa m 
K 

1. 3 bedrock, 2 twlf», tjullf lche.'>, «n1/<j| olr, J3IO pf nw. 

ROD FOSTER^ji-lUt 

 wiLsTiiRE TCH'RACE. 3 t>edroo« v>lfti dJnlng oreo, air, carport lence. 116& fur mo.". 

ROB FOSTOH *« -11*1 

 rnnne/r 

 otio \vcn'» luif Wnn n 

3 nE^OROOMS wTlh rnnne/reTrlocr kw on:) notio \vcn'» l 
Glen oF »1M per mo.. 

BOD FOSTER *!4 2141 
~ 
~ 

 chilli^ ( 

 hni cuerylhlnrj 

 ornl rxillo, iJ^O 

 not) rqSTGii 4U-2UI 

 v/>i"b i) h'u nV i H 6" "HIREPI.AC wnrm\ petnn (XjnHcil den. 
3 " 

 roo«ni, fu^ury klfclmn v.Mh ar>p onctt (K^U ctolial nlr, i?o5 rxr 

H^B pqSTJD_R_4,y,.jn_fi_ 

»7M Rl. SANTO 

Clfon O t.wkwxn, cerilrnl Itcal-a norocc. till ma. nlm <fen«)il 
^y^T&IIJl^T.X 
?^f 
Ot'ciiwir rttflr'SoVi neiTro, 1 ti 
•oont», nk cor.dlllcnf J. 111o inn. n 
MntKrr Co. 1o51 Auilln Mwy. I 
WJ.J piioNCt ynuu WANT AO-HM 

^EXECUTIVE HOME* 
On 1 ocre LT HoJIywood Pork. 26oo jq. ff., 3-2-2 with bor.ui roam, can be 4m bedrosm, lireplacc in den, 
J175 mo. 
CALL CUMHA REALTY 
*S3-f)1j 

OAK FORRHST 

Lovelj- 2-2 aid dtn In lop ccYJdlflfln, 
Central o^r-heal. $2i5 mo. «26-Oio6, 
™-71W. 

_?H!ARR-W1E^\S_ 
_ 

Dedroam. Fenced yard, carporf, 

 tar aVporl, jl« o month. After 5: 

Jusf Like Home 
, 

>sdroonn duplex, private yard, lop 
*ioou, preaxml a-eo for family liv- i. 1275. 

The Golden Key 
Apartment Locolor, 341-3131 

"TERRtut HILLS. Entry *hoii o v l d e s prtvocy. 3 bedrooms 2 tbi, range, a'r. B e o u M F u l t idded flroy.Tdj. juj p«r mo. 

BOD FOSTER 654-21(1 

= W TOWNHOUSE! 2-3, r c n g 
Tiwpincr, carpclcd. S21o monlh 

BOB RQDGERS»MMO . 

-ARGE 3 btdrcom 2 bafh homo in 
-to HI area. Family room, some a£c|Ianc«, afr, carpel and lence. 

225 per mo. 

DOB FOSTER 4«-«33 

 ue den, 2 balh utility room, cov- 

1 SeaVell, 3 bedroom r l g e r a 
, 
, LacKkwid oreo, (135 

JC4 Bciiivood/ ] bedrtcm, 113} 

ORAMHftLL. ' _ 
7M-«y<, 734-7o14 

VINDSOR 
SQUAR'E- 3 Bcdrcomi. 

Yx bain, pallo, central a!r, end 

 tical, ifove reirlffzrolor, ord dlih- 
'fasncr. 

SH-Wl or i5H3S3 

DBANIE OWEN'S 

 ean 3 bedroom near Hark. Vlllo1 hod. Air. U6Q 

DEVAULT & ASSOC. Vf-2477 

 oillicost 3 Ixdrcomt, Wi bath, o'j ngc, fenced. iltS nr.onlh. Others eLancy Really (5S3-OJM 

UFPSAPUBA5UR!E this lovely 3 bedroom, 2 <ba 

Ih double garage. All centra 

 arpdhg, den. pallo, clc. Close- to 
--'- end golf! 3255 mo. DeLOAey 

TERRY KEMP REALTY 6T3-J1H 

LACKLAND KELLYAREA b e d r o o m , gorantv ccntr b e d r o o m , garoce, ctnrra ige, HS scfbools V6o Mo. 
I o13? MUSKET REAj-TY ^73-3W jan 2 betirooin house. Air cor.d 

 rcn^-d ccrpo-l, stoicrootn by RIvc; 
-*e Go! I. 11oo, walcr patd. Dus 

) i <*i c r cwir.ccllons. AcJullj. LE2 

.. ..icast 
4 bcdioorn. 
\Vt tatl mgo, /clrlij, ccnlra! air, , ICIKCI 
JOOjiia. °«LQn«y_Reolli'_oS3:p:SiO._ 
EAR KELLY. 2 becVoom house can, J7). ?33-jjSA, GE2-J71II. 
"ARK VILLAGE 1 b e d r o o m s , i)h. slove and dispose). walk!r.| 

;srcncc IQ elementary tcliool. 

DBANIEOW^NS 

816 ZACWRY 

 jplejt, 2 bedrms, air ood heot, re- 
'- 
—>**, n\2._ 3K-9671. 341-1o35.__ 

 d-MeSino "Bale, 3-i» cocporf, 

 atlo, fllr, rcn&e, rede cor a led, HO. 

MMACULATE 1 b c d r o o nThomt, zonrje, refrlfitroiix ofr. Convenlertl 
SI. Mary's UNv., and Southwest Re- starch, il*} per rx>. 

HO CASH OOWM TO ANYONE 

LEASE - PURCHASE 
Fir)I 5 mwitfas rent ^ayt all ihe cfown poyment en e brana niw 3 or 
4 bedroern, 2 balh, S-eof hcrnt, Cen tfcl air, all bylli-lns, carptlt e.id sonrt llrtplom. Homes end lawn bemes. Slto monlh and up. He/e' yo-jr choncei Move In today i cui 
BfucBi Hotlmon, rlgfil naw. i«l?l» 

4 bedrc-oni> 2 bafh, built In kilct*/), carpels, draptt, privacy fence, N.6 
Schools. 653-31 M, «5W121, 

 wall carpeting throuatiyjt, garage, fecneed yard, on Rllllmon Rd. sijo waler paid, 6?6-4iM cut 233 cr 3J2- 
3BM H & L PROPERTIES? 
.ocp 41o-Everj -Rd., spodCHn^d.pkx; 
:arpelcd 2-1'A-l, polk), fenced 644- 
W76 

NORTHEAST 

Vlltaw Horlh 
.3,2, don, air S2W 

TIIELMA PREI5SMAH I 
<U-UI7 

CASTLE H1LLS TERRACE t btdroams, 2 balhi, 2 srory, sepa rote- dln'no, , tkn, vrali; lo al schsalj, siso, 341-72o1. . . 
JOHN Ft-OURNOY CO., REALTORS 

. 
, 

DOD FOSTER MI-M2o 

For Leoie-CcnvcnlMit lo Fl. Sam and Randolph. (Joan 3 bedroom, a balh, kuqe tfen, conipl-lrly carpet- ed, central h^at-alr. «15 mo. 

PHA.RR WE EMS co. 
Ill MM, l24-J7*r 

 ortheaif, new 3 bedroom, polio ofl 

 la.-nily room. |'/j balh, cenUcI air, 
$2oo. 6S6-199A. 
V/lVSHIRE "TERR ACE.' 3-2-l, con lent 1o Ft. Sam, schools, shoppVig 
S17S mon1h 
4- 
JIOO dc-posll. 

JOE CHAPMAII, Ftcollor 
ITfl- 

POOL-PAUAS-PRIVACY 

 ry 2 becroom houie 
,.._.Kh ar>d poo* , mol..._ ov,/>cr. Avollcrbte May 1. Adu mo. 2o<2 BorK3ero^eZ<ji68?. 
N.W. 3 bedrooin, forge "YeVicfrd yard near tcrtcors, ood shopping, 8?<V4&1 \ 

Behind Windcrest 

Hew 3 t>«JfoBm home, fenced yore olr. 4SS-3HI. toS-IKi. 

Houiei, Rent 

 or Sell 

* $2o-$5o DEPOSIT * 

2 - 3 - 4 hedroonii, ior/ie v^llh slove, rcfitgcrator, fenced. Moi(- areas. $7o, and up. HabJomos Eipanol 

TERRA REALTY 

527-KSl 734. 7S4> 734-7611 

CL'PA'N 

We have 1h« llncit rentals <n town. 
Each one ol our hom« Is Itiorc^ch- 
Iy cleaned and InipxKlwJ. 
BOB FOSTER'RE 
IAITY 

 i^vy OFFICE 79ii Ffederlcfctburg Rd, 

NORTHWEST 

For Ihe best renlal strvfcc ir, Worlh- wesl San Amilolo. Call Dob Fo%)cr's 

 lcsburg Rd. offke, 476-oo2o' 

NW OFFICE 7m FrttferlcKiburg nd. 
JND1AN CREEkiTownhMise, 3 Ud- rooHii, c e n t r a l alr-I.eaf, privacy ler.ce, ronoc. Co^vcnl*nt t ocMord- 

Kelly. »14o. ??3-7o7«, 724-755o. 
Near Batxioek R, Lcop 41o, 3 bed- rco.-n, 2 bolh. screen porch t gar- qfr A]r,««JC«llonrd A cenlral hwt. 

437-3233 cfr. 6. 

OPEN HOUSEI 

EW TOWNHOUSES, Oiieri l-5p,-n. at.&Sun. Luxury 2 bwlrm.. 7 bofh, tog corptl, air, all c'cclrlc Vilchcn, 
•apes & pallo 1ar iixil. 1-WI1 Crock- sllow Pr, 6J3-J5oo or 3<{-o77f.__ 

NEAR RANDOLPH, 3 b-tfroorn, 2 balh, cenlral aV, carpel, rorvge ar.tt rcirfaernlcrr twroyp, loroe Icoccd 

 yard HM. «3-ill« 

:amfi<i-pi 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 

 l«a"rocn» duplex:, 12oo ^q. ff. Cor t, drapes, ulillty toom. cqulpiwc 

 ltchen, fer.ced yard, polio. yar 

TRO 
ALPH ARMSTRQUG CO. 
694-5T37 

. ..llh air. $17o up. 
'4-4?12 JIROWN S. ASSQC. ^73 3S77 
12 PALM: 
Drag*, 
•vn. . 

CHOICE RENTAL 

HARMONY HILLS 2 STORY 

<lcct 4 Igrne txxJfOoms. Rcd^cor- iled. COcpclM, No pols. Rent or buy 
MlfdS 7U-46S7, 4j4-ffl67, 69441X1. 
LOU FORKS 
_nM« 

2 DaThT teail 1 bcdioo;n 
_ 

_ paHoj oorace, slove LI to nw. 

JOIhcrs DoLaic-J R«xilly_d5JOS». ovely honii;, UorMicasI, 3 bodrecn 

_x>nlral a\r, UBS. 6?to734 a Her 6pm! 
& wce^endv 

N.E. 3-7-3, 2J»N Den, Many Exlroi. 
?7^r.>?n!n- TQCU^ Bl6 63°] 

 bVdYoom l-.ome near RUMnxTn Rd. 
MRemsunl. $HO mo. 

HOUSE FOR RENT. 

34 J Slice I 
3J3-1243 

BKT SECTIONS 

Choose fro>rn over 2,ooo rcnfalj aid 
,oh) h&nMj. Cw*P4J^''w* "*'• or last service. A« OOM. 

BOB FOSTER 

NW OFFICE 7H< Fredericktburg^Rd. 

Inflation fighter ^^ 

2 beuVoom duplex all wood pnfvcledj 
->ew co ml if ton; an efeclrlc kllchen v.lht drvToial, range, icfrlg.; ulllity 
•own with vvoshcr fc dryer ewuiec- loni: fn Converse ncor RarxJolprt, 
124-3/48; 8:3o 1o 5; <Z?i-»ia3. 
\irnlsh*d cr unfurnliMd 1 becb'oonn, 

_ _ rlgM lor ycu. 3 bedrooni xilhs, cental heat-olrr bull) .... 

 erjced. 13SJ ny> Renl or lente with opilon lo buy. Call today wtilFe M* s t i l l avaifahla. SH-6yi, Comnulti leoiiy •penlli 6 p.m. 

IMS'PIRATJON'HJUS 

, eleclrtc kMche 

FITIi & CO. 

43J-2W 

.. ..-. 
-,. "ftiavericix nie menlnry, 2 btdroom, I Iwlh- imaJ mrteled den, air condllloncd, curpef 
*1« mo. Call JJ2 B397, Alter 5. 
LUXURY GARDEN HOUSI 
OKi 3 hedrcxxn 2 bolh, Ilre|>)o)c4, (o1 
-- dnlna aixl t^*oV(ost orw, prt 
. _ / palio 
OTMJ oulftntotk ooraafl 

 toort, Lcaj« w:s nxi, X4-W/8, nlfe 

LUXURY" iiuf'LdX'Nif 
3 ilory (J^ile*. HI- Sdwol) 

 cenlrol heal, air, 3 bedrofiiti, 2 bo I upllnlrir living room, dm Ing roan bolh fwitr ah eicclrk kifdnfi. CtKpe 
Ihru (H)l, sntoU fenced iKiik 

 it innlnlnlnrd, walcr i 

H8rlh«»K*l'-l-1."nif!vntv* I 
Iral Ak <irwi f-eol, nuill»ln,. _ 
Mllllory |-nir%. Nlct nUgtstjorhtod 
121o. AM 4H7 oiler Sim we«V(kiy 

Kiik vnn 
Mild, leoj 

 villopo, 3 bloom ccndll:onrd, only $155 
, ly $15 
. ambcr; CO. 1C51 Auslln Hwy. 
874- 

REDECORATED 

CcnliDlLy la rm. 
IXHJS 

42*4 OLEN BRIAR, 4 nrvd 1 .7^21o 

IW FHIDELL, 3 and 1 
,.$123 

216 REDSTONE, 3 end I'/i ...111o 
»-<»1 TURNER REALTY_3*!-<43? 
.a:klond-Xelly area, clccn~3~bed- ocnn home. j74-iS391. nnwdtalf occu*p^ncv \n this" l~bta~- ociu IIJ-TH, central he of, ranee, 

 lihwoshe-. Call to ice it nsw. 

INTERSTATE REAL ESTATK .. 

(Open T cjg/s a week lil • n m.) pckfanil-lCrtly.. J-2. sloTeT^eW" 

US 

Nka 3 bciromi home. .. 

7«-8«* 

FANTASTIC locaflon fn levcly ncleh wrhoM, wo'klr.a dls1o.ic« la Horlh 
'••- Mall ar.d Ccnlral PatK. 3 be<J 

IDS, 3 ta'.hi, lien, dovble QOKIQC, diced yard, poflo, i?75 mo. 341-61J4; 
!|*L*.p.-a1^ 3*1^557. louje for renl, near Medical CenJer, 
Lo. 4 bcdroam, 2 bam, on 3 acrej 
2o .TO. 6M-294I. MIVB Lee Hi 
Real Eilglft Drokef. 

 bedrooms, ll&O-m c«, cheni, air, «»-l?J-i. 

BILL DODGEN 

Wove riahl Ln1o room, 2 bcirt, d. Ihli laroe 4 berf 
.... den, bunt (ns, carpet 
.... _ heat-air, fireplace, HSo mo lenl or leaie with option lo boy akc 1 mlnule to Inqu re. Ex«cullv< 
Really ««-sm in t. 
PCCO.I Vrflcy area, 3 bedroont, \Vj bolh, c!cn, living, dining, near t Oipl tol and beiics. ad-Ajij. 
K 

Leon Volley, wilwa, 2 bedroon balh dv.-p'ex. stove, refrlo, c.-,. 

 airvcr, shsa, drcpei, lenceif, SliS 

 n\a. -f ull ITes. t&4-3m. 

 lull/ 

> $5o DEPOSIT * 
"3 and 4 bedfoom horr.es in moil otcas. FIOJVI $75 mo, 
.and up. tquat Mousing Op-" porlunily. Hablomot Eiporrol 

PETE POSTOLOS 

=224-273.7 J3V64M- 

CfULKCOASTUKALTY 

342-6187 
828-4545"' 

Couplfi only. Cl&ie to town. 2 loo and balh. 448 Poc* Street. CA?-o5? 
Joe G»izalc>.. 

Rooms, Furnished)o 

AH roc five, cleon, private, bedrooi bolh, air, ccr spare. Call ailer 
PM LE3-I9» 
Prjvoie entrance! Jefferson VIL!a[ c o n v c nlc n t to collegei, Mnjrc school, air, tills pd., 736-56C8 aft 
3:3o and weefccmis 
M~A t*U'R"ir~v7oMAfrtO~ iKcirV . home, fleor HwIJi SlJr Moll. Re reo«rxible. 
References cxchonjjc 

Near UogalilM, oaiage iconi, \ 
1 gontlenien, b'.Hs fa>d, UO rr.ont 
924-3T37. 
Private Dedrcwii lor workin an In -NE. home. KKcfien pr 

.* Mi LEWIS * i v o t e n;cm, kllchwi pf1vi|cc« ncof SAC. CaJI 222-lWfl 

Roomi wltli Board 

FIRST PAYMENT IN JUNE 

4 bedroooii, oppManccs, air, flcnaoe no down tM closing1. 
W-MM WA.YHE SLATER 34174! 
Reoiortcble care by nurse ki prtva horn:. Goed meals. «2-7713. 

* S7S-tn MONTHLY. 3 or 4 b rwcn Iwmej. S5o deposit will hofcf. 
4W7416 
WAYNE SLATER JJi i« 

WanMoRonl 

 or Lea 1o 

2 bedroom 

Yourtg physician ond fomll/ ni faroe h&m« lo rent tn Medl 

Center area. JuV occuporvcy1 A 

2 bedioami, lull/ corpeled 

 cenlrot heol f. air, lenfd, neai " sd.ooli. 6S^i7i7 giler^ 7pm. 
"UXURY DUPLEX NW- 3 bcdrcom, 
Vi bolh, carpeted, fireplace, built in 
;lichen, privacy fence, yard kepi. voter nd., »1o. 432-7JS?, 433'IW. 

CAMELOt 

2 llomei, 3 bedroonn, 3tt txUfii, 2 cor cnragc, NE schools, oood toca- 
*"., ko» issg and ttOO per nw. 

)SA4. nMei MS-17W, 65^919}. 
RjilSSG HENRY, REA1.TOPJ 

3 bedrooms, 4, bedroami, cenlraf air, 

& nn. 6K-1JJ*, 

BfLt DODG^N 

"Plowo 
HILLS REAUTY. J 

_ bolh. carptlcd tlnvout! nxililvc sHg't living area y.ilS lire ptocc. fixioT^ ilytlng ^vlli air Dnd 
IC;TIS ocjM'ooef i. J3SO per nx>. 

DOB FOSTOH ft|--•• 

NORTMBAST. 3-7, caroled nr.o a'r, KCVi lencctli ?-car corriorl, year kow^JlK. ail Hovcflord, I3^^1H 
Il"« pitcici IW. vtry nle«~r«clT3 btclrrn.) i ba^, laroc 
MvlAn rm. 

Urfp^nct* tkn, fenced yard. CToie to eve r y Ihkio. jno. JU- IOfji_l<lj>Ml. 

WELCOME" TO »AN ANToKTo . 

Renrall-U«\v Honi«l. J year warren ty plot 1o Huy-lxxK hHre, nqulllei 
Hear nro«ki. ft. Som, Xtlly, Lock lorHl, Kcivior^, il oult^cie 5Qn Anlo mo caii conici iistn^^. INTER 
ITATiirital Elian. K N.«. IMP 
*' "Nl!AR~M'B"ffinrATr~Ct:NTES'. xununo 3 ?•?, lankly roonl, prlvO' 

 cv lenc*. >love, nlr. VATII/v, s-i uo.sn. CtMivcnllaiKil. Tefnti will tro<!c. if474» WAVMfl 
Sl.ATI^R_ JII7OS 

 oriLi) ""nnldk""rrcntii 'r»ov-«-cioi 
M/lr<l 3 bedroom ? ha»h hnnio v,lth 
Ininllyioom. Appllcincei cin^l tilr. IM3 

"113. 

 beilrooin home ^vllli 1.3, or 3 I>Q|M, dw, crnlrnl lifo) f>lr, L\Hlt ln». cnr- rxll, Irn-.tJ. SISO IJ7J rno. Co'-l now tor mor« Inlormnllon. 

LNrBFMTATII KUAL B1TATQ 

Woye, reliloerolor, JlVo, i?(- 
o)13. 

COOK_CO., riCALTOni 

PHONG YOUH WAMT At>-MJ.t*W 

 nlr, leiKnl, rnnoe, nenr lY Snnii l5!2LA!£l'_>!$?1jrtl'°ne l^^l- 
IMIONtl VOUU WANT AD-Jli \Ut 

 ljl i out! 

When you have something to sell, the easiest way to find a buyer is to spell it out in print! 

You do that by placing n low-cost 
Classified Ad in the newspaper, tollintjour readers what you have to sell. 

Give us a col! at225-l<566 
We'll help you spell it out today I 

EXPRESS 

Finds 

 workers 

 for jobs 

 jobs 

 for workers 

 n-pri'^cul Ijulri lite jnl> -i-rkrr IIILI! lilt- 1-riti.ilnvrr. Jnli M-rkiT- lli-pi-nil nn Un1 ii^rnrv [4i finil Tnr llit'in u jiili i>|>riuim iliiii vtill ^i\r llu'ir 
• pi-i'iiil ;iljilil!fs CMTx rfiEitii'i' for full ifi'M'li»|)iitrnl. |-'ni|>li»>tTs i cly nn Ihc iiK'-ni^ t<> M'ti-i'l it'ii- kind i>f 
;i|i|iUiMiiil- \t}\t\ ;in- iptalirircl fur n 

'I In rxfM'itdiltfrt' nf liiiii- .-UH! cfffirl. rf{ir<"-rtilini: a firc-nl iK'iil nf tni»iir\. i-. n-iliu-i'il In ;i minimum when lite 
-1-rvii-r- ill nn finptiMi-r in:iki-> kinnvii his in i-iU lo liN ii^i iu->. Liu- 
,,.^-M, ; r.-n-nll- lii, filr of 
"Mir<-rini[l" i)n|>lir;iiils. It iniiii"--arv 

En- ;nlM'i-li-i-> fur IM-VV ii|)[ilir:ml^. 
Ml ;i|i|ilik*iiiil-» ;irc iiilrn ii-ui-il nml 
Ihcix- ^hi. ln'-l fill llu- ri'[|iiin'nii'iU> an* ~c-nl Iti tlir rninlii\rr fur ln> fuiiil -f|ri-li<in. 
|"«ip "i-rurr- llir ii^cnry rt'crivc- ;i fcr i-licir^cil in i-i>ufnrni;inri' with tin- Ti'Xii*. Slatr l%lii|ili>Mnriil 
\f!i-nrv I.aw. !S<> fi'i- is ^liarfifd inilr.-h fni|»ln> nn-nt i> arin;illy i.lilaimvl. 

IT >im iir4' Tiiiikiri^ fcir :i [lib — l>i-llrr jnl) — cii])-)])! (lie Ifi'lp 
\V;inh'l ml i- in 'I'lir K\[MC>- 

ISi'ws i'MT> ilii> fur :nl\iTli"rniri 
Ji\ Sun \Mliuiii>~s. li-intitic n^rnri 
Tlir Kv|iri-- & Nt-«j. pitlili-hi-- 
^iilc M'lct-liHin of rni]i|o\ iLii-nl 

" 

SIANDARDS FOR V1ELP V/ANTED 
ADVERTISING moinlnincd by 
The 

Son An ton to Express & Ncv/s, SOT 
Antonio Em ploy men! Agencies, and 
Son Anlonio Employei^ Vet3p a hiyh degree o( reader confidence in the* advertising ol this newspaper. 

EXPRE S S «m/N E WS 

EVENING 

EXPRESS 
MORNING I 

The authonlalivo way lo slcirl o<e cloy. Comp'.ofe news covorago - lale sporls 
- hesl coluninisls. 

Slocl: nicirkol labltis 

NEWS 

Drighf. colorful, graphic, total news coverage of 
Iho day. Paul Thompson, Dan Cool ond Pcanuis. 

SUNDAY EXPRESS M NEWS 

Excilincj ond inlorosting loalurcs, grnolosl color comics. Family Wookly Magazine, Sundoy Ono 
Magozino. Mosl complolo business news, lolal sporls. 

IT AIL ADDS UP TO THE GREATEST READING IN SOUTH TEXAS 

SUBSCRIBE HOW... USE COUPON OR TELEPHONE 22S-74JJ EXT. 264 

YES. 1 would llho to subi(rlbd os follows fthrih ^«. kif..) 
O iipresi daily ond Suixfay 3.4o 
D News, Dolly and Sundoy 3.o5 
U Combination 4.35 

{ 
(Jolly l.p,, H.wi I Sunday) 

D Sunday only .24 Every Sunday 

 t. 

' 1 

• •• 
:-i. M..HVV. . 

'• •• r> 

C 'f 
;,. 

»<oj „.,,,., [>p[iu.,J H,m P.O. In 3171. Is. KnlxUt, li»i II1II 

AKmfilq; ClHvflllMI Otpliliiinl. 

__ 
J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

S.Sgl. ArlynS, Johnson, lias 

 l>o«n named honor graduate of the.aeromedical evacuation technician's course ;il HIP Air 
Force Sclioul of • Aerospace 
Medicine, Brooks ATI!, .luhn- son,.hue of 12 graduates, i,s currcjilly assigned to 1'opc. Air 
Force fiase, N'cirth Carnliiiii. 

Sears J § 

!The 

Hevora 

Tin1 Joint Service Commen- 

 dation 
Medal lias lieen 

 presented In S.:Ssl. Steven C. liamiroz, a less! services tech- nician.al (lie jud^e advncale's office, Brooks AFB. 

S. Sg(. Kolicrt Dcvora, nf 

TO! IM Rosa SI.. lias-Mradmil fi'iini Ihc Air Force recniilcr school al Lackland AFB. lie will become an Air Force iccntilor in Alexandria. Va. 

Lodell 
Cornali 

The first oak leaf cluster |,> 

HIP Legion of Merit was presented to Col. Edward .1. 
Lorttll, chief of the comptroller division of the Ii57olli Air Base 
CIrmip at Brooks AFB. UIKIII his retirement. 

The outstanding junior uf. 

 ficor of Hie quarter award at 
Kelly AFB lias hecn presented lo 2nd. LI. John G. Cornali. ;, resource manager fur (lie 
L 
:SAK clinic- at Kellv. 

('arfer l.utticr 

The Air Force Coimnonda- 

 ikin Medal lias IMT-II presented to S. Ssl. I.alilanc Carter Jr., a firo proteeliiin specialist in the liSTOIh Air Base Croup fire dcprirlnienl al lininks AFB who rclired recently. 

The Disliimuislied Service 

Medal, highest Air iMiree pracelinu! award, lias been presented ID Col. Joseph o. 
I.ulhcr, in ccri'itmmo.s at Ran- diilpli, AFH. He just rclireil as head of the casualty divisinn ;1[ tlic Randolph based Air Fnrce 
Military I'ersnnnel Center. 

Parsons 
Conk 

M. SB!. N'clson I). Parsons. 

 an acnmicdical tei-linieian at 
Brooks AFH. rclired remitly after more than 2'' years active military serviciv 

• The dirccliir of .special 

 weapons fur I tie San Aiiliuiin 
Air Logistics Center. 
Col. 

Harvey Cook Jr.. 
« i l l retire 

(Ill's iiiiinlli after more llian :lll years Air Force sen ice. 

X-Ray Unit 
Sites Listed 

Followini; is the schedule of 

Ilio Ameriean I.npj; Assueia- linn-Alamo Area inubile X-ray unit: 

Monday: Maintenance 
Tnesday:II.|.: B. i\'n. 7, 4lll\. 

 iVcw Uraiinfcl.s, inMO a.m. In 
1:3o p.m., 2::in p.m. In 5:3(1 p.m. 

U'cdnes<lay: Dellcn'sl .Shop, 

 pillff Celilcr. IHlli s. U'.W 
While Jid.. 1(1:311 a.m. In t:;tn p.m., 2:.1ll|i.m. lolip.m. 

Thursday: Mainly And.v N'n. li. 

!i7II Kvcrs !(<!., 1o:3o a.m. io 
I'M p.m., 2:3o p.m. to S::!U p.m. 

(''riday: Federal Reserve 

 fiank, 126 K. Niirva,9:i.m. lo I 
1>.ni., 2p.m. tii'l p.m. 

Dnimtlwi Is S! for adtrlls ami 

•iff ccnls for (ccn-aj;et.s (ajjc.s 15 
'(liroiigh ISycar.s). 

SAVB*5 

• regular §24.99, 5ox84-in. 

 enes 

Mille Flenr. Draperies tha).capture the elegance of lapestry'.yel require no special care ... . they're machine washable and guaranteed suufast. In .a; rich, multicolored floral. Insulated, .with Thermalgard acrylic foam backing.*-Mad]? of modern-day'rayon and cotlon the colors are guaranteed sun- fast for Iwo year?; if ihcy fade, return to us for FREE replacement. 

Also available. 

Bodspreiul. Full size throw slylc. O 'VCW 
Kcgular S43.99 
. .,.' 
. 
O I 

S39.99,75X8-l:in. long ,/..; 
S54.99, 1ooX84-in. long'..:.' 

, '$64.99, |25XB4-in. long..,. 
'S74.99, ]5oX84-m. long.:.. 

T 
: <*sr. *• . •• ,s$,~ 

 m 
S» -'^AL. '"^kjL .. ''£<* 'vfe^i 
^ 

Throw ]>illo\»-. 15-in. sq. with kapok fill. Kiigular 84.99 

Use Scars Easy .Payitusnl Plan 

; 
Sale ends April 2o 

«S^-**j*S«^^^.T>^^^Vvfi^v'(-''"'-i^ 
'>&&x&!^*:tt2wMm-^:^'V^ 

SAVE *3 
La Scala 

 si|. yd. 

 nr SIo.99 

Sculptured shag carpet. Thick 1oo% Dnpont® ny- lon pile is stain and soil resistant. Easy-care, too! 

12 rich colors. 

SAVE $2 
Dramatique 

Multi-level acrylic pile in a sophislicotcd tradi- lional pattern! A rugged performer in 1o combina- tions of tweed and solid colors. 

SAVE H 

;j;-*\ 
Braidsvillc 

 i,^"'. j;& 
Acribn® acrylic pile tufted into the charming look 

>'VJ2^. of hr.iidcd nigs! Il's slain rnsistcnil. 5 warm colors. 
'"" 
Colonial <lc.sif;ii. 

 iiP 

SAVE on 
Marquee ' 

 sq. yd. 

 rp^'iiliir St.99 

Abstract pattern liicjiliejils ninlti-lnvcl nylon pile, 
(Innlinuons fillers resists bhcddiiif;. Takes heavy wear. 1o bright colors. 

Use Sciirs Knsy ^nyinont I'liin 
Snlc ends April 3o 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back Sears 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Itownlown I'lnzo Slnrc 
Milllory Dr. Stoic 

.Solcdod nl Nnvnrrr. nl Plrnnniiloii 11,1. 

Mon. and Thurs. 9i8o-'J 
Mon. ilim Si.l. 

All other dayi 9tiiO-6 
9i3o-o 

Onlrnl I'nrli Slnrr 

S/in I'rdni nl l.nop 41o 

Mon. lliru Snl. 

'JiIlO-9 

Christian Churches 

Public Relations 

Teen Style 

Young people can be a public relations factor for an already growing church A 
K/M°Trt't r^ o^" thC "NeW F°'k" Sin9in9 9^p of SKMaHrWs 
Unrted Method* Church, 2738 Cillers Rd. Rev. Jack Bush, pastor of the church and the group s leader, ,s m the foreground. The group has sung in several states and is a popular drawing card for the church. 

' 
•CBB^^mMOIBMB3^^^^H 

Our Unsolved Murders... 

San Antoiiiaits in recent weeks have been 

 shocked by a sudden outbreak of unsolved murders. 

Yd they should realize that (his is an old story 

 for a city with traditions reaching far back into 
Hie Frontier west. 

One of the more colorful chroniclers of San 

Anlonio lore, the late Frank Bnshick, was fond of observing that the city hail "exceptional facilities as a place, where it was easy for a person to get killed." 

During the gaudy days of the cattle drives he 

 related, (he St. Louis Globe Democrat ran a 

KHHif's" COllU"U 'illCd 
Sl'nply> "Texas 

A number of those killings, of course 

 remained unsolved. And over the years some of 
Uicse murders have taken on legendary aspects. 

This Express-News survey has selected a 

 sampling of 'memorable cases for rc-tclling. 

New to Alamo City 

IJy Kcmpcr Dichl 

It was a night of bitter cold in the rugged 

 brush country of South Texas. 

Certainly it was no night lo be riding the 

 lonely and dangerous trail to San Antonio. 

But compelling instinct and deep 

 lojvilly caused a tough Irish empressariu to make the ride. 

 lie was James McGloin who had come 

 from Cimniy Sligo to Texas in IS27. 

Mctiloin had seen many strange things 

 while guiding a struggling colony through 

Indian raids, crop failures, epidemics and revolution. 

But nothing like the apparition which 

 appeared lirl'orc him on ,lnn. 21. ISM. 

Legend has it that it was tin: ghost of his 

 parlnor and fallicr-in-law. 
John 

 iMcMullen. Ijlood flowing ii'oin a gaping 

Chilling-Killings 
Haunt Lawmen 

By Sylvia Tliomas 

The Christian Church is 

 alive but not too well in San 
Antonio and the U. S. 

Apathetic, or angry over their church's 

 sland on social issues or theological tine- 
Irhic, nationwide .studies liavc .shown thai more a lit] more people simply are not go- ing to church. 

Most of (lie major denominations in San 

Antonio fit the national picture of declin- ing membership in recent years. 

"We I'rcshylerians are so affluent, so 

 comfortable, so concerned with getting and spending, that the church has slipped into the rim of our lives," Dr. Clinton 
Marsh said in a recent interview in'San 
Antonio. 

Marsh, moderator of the Presbyterian 

Church USA. said his 2.3-million member denomination has recorded a net mem- bership loss of 25o,ooo in the last three years. 

"The Presbyterian Church has lost its 

 humility," hi; said flatly. "Without humility, prayer is a farce." 

Cites Apathy 

Jf.irsh cited apathy and the donations to 

Hie Angela Davis Legal Defense Fund as the prime reasons for the memliershin drop. 

 lie said (he same reasons were respon- 

 sible for donations being down on the na- tional level. 

Dr. Charles E. S. Kraemer, moderator 

 of the Presbyterian Church U.S., the other major Presbyterian denomination, is fac- ing a small scale schism in his group. 

More than 2oo of the denomination's 

4,28.] congregations have bolted in recent months and formed their own body. 

All of the congregations which left 

 claimed a variety of reasons for their ac- tion. Dr. Kraemer said. 

However, in a recent interview in San 

Antonio, Dr. Kraemer cited the racial is- sue and Tears of possible union with the 
USA group as the real reasons for the' split., 

The two denominations have been split 

 since the Civil War days. 

Some churches in Texas have joined the 

 schism in the Presbyterian Church U.S but none in San Antonio. 

About the Split 

Bolli Presbyterian bodies have 

Churches in San Antonio and have lost* members in recent years. 

Deterioration of authority In church life 

 was the reason cited by Bishop John nines, presiding bishop of (he Episcopal 
Church in the U.S., for a loss of mem- bership. 

"The church is not as credible an insli- 

 lutiwi in i|lc eyes of people looking for truth as it should lie," he (old a press conference in San Antonio. 

"People say, 'Your actions don't con- 

 form to your words, we will look el- sewhere,"' he said. 

"Elsewhere," for San Aiilnriians and 

Christians across Hie country in many cases is the N'co-Pentecostal Movement or 
Charismatic. 

SOMvVTHlNCr HA.5 

1-iAppeMEO TO 
JOHM f 7 / 

 iviiimd in his neck, Ilic figure cried ouf 
"Ilello, Jack!" 

Mi'Ciloin sprang io his feet and shouted, 

"Something has happened to John!" 

Rode io S.A. 

Ho saddled his liorse and rode through 

.'lie night from ihc liny community of San 
- «(neio to San Antonio. 

When lio reined up f i n a l l y at the 

 spacious two-story home Mc.Mullen had built, at S. Prosa and Market Sis. - where 
'the old public library still stands - he learned mat his partner was dead. 

The murdered pioneer hail been found 

 on the floor, warily under his bed, \villi his throat cut. 

A young man HIP great landowner had 

 adopted, meanwhile had disappeared. Hut 
I his suspect was never found - and no mil! was ever sure as to what bad hap- pened in Mi-Mullen on Hint January night 

The murder was a subject of specula- 

 tion in San Anlonio formally years, partly because of the prominence of ihu viclim 

McMullcn had gone from his native 

Ireland to Malamoras, Mexico, in iho early ISJOs. L-itcr he became attracted bv advantages of an 1825 colonisation law and hud joined will) McGloin to bring an Irish 
Icnloiiy to the banks of the Mueces Hiver. 

Sold Holdings 

 lie became one of the early Texas 

 leaders, serving as a member of the 
General Council and as its president pro 
(cmpore in !8:f(i. 

A few years aflw the Texas revolution, 

McMullen sold his San Patricio holdings to McClnin and moved to San Antonio where he was elected an alderman. 
. »« became urn; of the greatest Ian- downers In Hie area. 

Musly records show that in two monlhs 

 of 18:17 Jin purchased 1o1,IB acres of land 
'» li™'i' (' il.v for which he paid the 

 princely sum of $ifl.25il. 

In IIW8 Hie slate carved a ue.w county 

 from portions of licxar, Alascosa and Live. 
(Ink. It was named McMullcn cmmly after' tin1 murdered cmpressario. 

IflMiiriiins luive recounted that In Hie 

 years following lln> Civil War Texas became n land of violence In which killings were, commonplace, 

Tlii! talc !.-niiik Uushlrk related that lit 

S'nu Aiilnnln "the Vliillmice CiimmiUeu 

SrcMlMlHCKCASK.l'nac'Ml 

The movement, which features 

 speaking in oilier tongues while praying, has swept the country, attracting Chris- tians of virtually every denomination. 

Charismatic Meetings 

Some 2oD persons of all faiths (lock to a 

Charismatic meeting every Thursday in 
Ursuline Academy. 

Robert Carabin CSSH, a teacher at St. 

Philips College, who leads the Ursuline group. 

He reported that some 22,ooo persons 

 attended a national Charismatic meeting last year at Notre Dame University. 

"This year they are expecting 33,ooo 

 and lioping about 1oo bishops will go," he said. 

While the officials of the Catholic 

CinircJi have been generally neutral on the 
Charismatic movement, signs of support are beginning to appear. 

Hishop James Hausch, general secre- 

 tary of the U.S. Catholic Conference said recently (hat (ho movement, "assumes rather bizarre positions, but fills a posi- tive need." 

 lie defined the need as a "desire to find 

 a more direct rapport with God." 

Lutheran Support 

Signs of support for the Charismatic 

Movement have come from the Lutheran 
Church in America. Most danominatious have been neutral about the movement. 

Guidelines for dealing with Charisma- 

 tics in different congregations in a posi- tive way are being prepared for presen- tation at the denomination's convention in Baltimore, Md., in July. 

None of the church leaders queried cit- 

 ed population growth or lack of it as reasons for declines in church mem- bership. 

The 1o74 estimated population of Bexar 

County is S91,U3. compared to 816 133 in 
1o69 and 7-H.-I83 in 1964, according to figures from the Greater San Anlonip 
Chamber of Commerce. 
.• 

While a large segment of the nation 

 wants the freedom of the Charismatic 
Movement in their worship, another siia- blc portion wants something else alon'r with it. 
: • 

Increasing numbers of San Anlonians 

 are following a nationwide shift from liberal churches to (hose wilfi sir/el djs- ciplinc and fundamental beliefs. 

Traditional Beliefs ' ; 

Churches attracting members locally 

 and throughout (lie country arcthosc with a basic traditional beliefs anil a strong program reaching out to the community: 

"(jrcat Churches of Today," a Uook 

 pubtishcd by World Wide Publications of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Associa- tion, cites H churches, inoliiding one in 
Australia, one in Canada, and one in S.A,, with highly successful programs. 

"Most of the churches arc large in 

 membership," the introduction explains. 
"The principles on which they are built arc Biblical and sound; lltat is why they have grown. 

"In each church . . . the spiritual 

 emphasis has primary." 
; 

The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod', 

 the Church of Jesus Christ of Christ of Hie 
Utter-Day Saints, the Southern Baptist and the Jehovahs Witnesses all have shown growth in San Antonio. 

Their growth is also national. 

Evangelism Strong 

The four church groups prc strong on" 

 evangelism have high standards for 

 members and hold to a strict set of theological beliefs. 

Docs this mean many people are tired of 

 freedom and want discipline and order in llicir church? 

"Definitely not," said Rev. Guirto 

Mcrkens, a vice president of the Lutheran 
Church-Missouri Synod. 

"People want the authoritative word of 

Iho Lord on issues of the day," he said. 

Rev. Mcrkens, pastor of Concordia 

Church in San Anlnnio. whirl) is listed in 
"Great Churches of Today," described growth as "God centered, people orient- ed. 
• The Jesus Movement, while on the decline, is not necessarily sending young people back to church. 

Instead, young people are attending 

Charismatic medings and joining uns- 
Iructurctl groups such as Lutheran Youth, 
Alive. 

Groups such as Youth for Christ, Youth 

Hub and Conrlland House all attract large numbers of San Anlonio young people. 

Many of those who attend an; not 

 church members, leaders say. 

It appears young people have lircd of 

 the Jesus movement but want something freer than a regular service, said one 
. leader. 

MONDAY 

IN THE 

United 

 la Prayer 

Members of ilio Charismatic group at Incarnate Word 
College |oin in a prayor over Bill Wilson, seated, at a recent mooting. Shown praying for Wilson ore left to right, Mnry LaRocca, Carmen Bautisla, Sister Dorothy 
Botro and Sam Piccione. Incarnate Word College is the scene of one of several Charismatic group meetings hold wookly Ihroujjhoul the cily. 

EXPRESS 

The Calholie Church loses 33,ooo members here in five years. 

Roge 2-H 
Sun Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Ky Barbara Craig 

I Is there really a Loch Ness monster? 
!, "Absolutely!" declared Robert H. Rincs, a 
•soft-spoken Boston attorney. "In fact, I've got iphotographs that indicate there may be two or 
Jmore of them." 

The Real 

Loch 

 v-Iiines should know. He Iws sponl the past four summers over al Inverness, 
Scottriiul, trying to get ;i photograph of the elusive sea scriienl. ilo will spend mosl of ll'iis summer there too, if bis legnl prac- tice allows. 

The Boston lawyer is president of the 

Academy of Applied Science, loiMlcil in 
TJclraonl, Mass. The academy, which is made up of scientists and businessmen from various parts of the United Stales, investigates "problems not usually tackled by the scientific cotnnmnil.v." 
Each member pays his own way. 
.. "1-e! me clarify a point," said Kines. 
"Many people believe there is only tine sea serpent at Loch Ness. We have come' up w i t h photographic evidence that in- dicates (here may be more than one of the sea serpents down lltcre. In fact, there may be a family of them." 

Rines said a photograph taken at In- 

 verness last summer shows "two parallel wakes on the cal.rg loch." A wake, it should he noted, is the track left by a ship, or object moving through Hie water. 

Just Want Photos 

Said Rines: "A letephoto lens was used 

 to take the photo. It's next to impossible to tell exactly what is out there on Loch 
Ness. But it is possible that the parallel wakes \yero left by two sea creatures swimming side by side. At least, that's the only logical explanation we've been able to come up with llins far." 
'Itshould be emphasized that limes and his associates. Dr. .Martin Klein, a sonar e.xpcrl from Salem, N.H., and Isaac 
Blonder, president of a New Jersey elec- tronics firm, are not trying to capture 
Xessie, as the monster is known to her millions of fans. All they want to do is lake some photographs of the legendary serpent. 

Last summer, the three academy 

 members, and the technicians they brought along with them, worked liamf- in-hamt with the much-publicized British research team at Loch N'css. 

"Our group had about a dozen men on 

 the job," said ttines. "The British team, which was headed by Tim Rinsdale had lliree limes as many members. H'e had all sorts of elaborate equipment set up in the vicinity of Castle L'rqnhart, where the sea serpent is supposed to appear. 
/'We also had a great deal of sonar 

 ecruipment (Here, so that we'd be able to pick up any sounds made by Xessie. \Ve 

I w;erc well prepared. But N'cssic's a shy one. The sea monster was reluctant to come up and pose for our cameras." 

Caves Located 

However, the l,och N'ess researchers did 

 make an outstanding discovery. With the help of the sonar gear, they located several large caves where it is now believed that Nc'ssie may reside. 
; According to the academy president, thousands of photos were taken at Loch 
Ness a year ago. These included some rjiolioii picture footage that may, or may nol, show Nessie swimming in the water. 
.' Said Rines: "This footage was shown on a number of television sho«s during the past year. It was taken with lelcpboto 

 onster 

 lens. Something was moving out (here, ft looked like Nrssie. In fact, I personally think it was Xessie. But it's not a clear shot, so we can't go on record and defini- tely claim it is a film on the Loch Ness monster swimming. 

"H'e also came up with several other 

 interesting photos. Our most fascinating shot is an underwater one. It could be 
Ncssie fast asleep, or it could be a log. We just don't know." 

Despite minors to the contrary, Hines is 

 definitely convinced there is a Loch N'ess 
Monster. 

Pulled Camera 

"It may not be the giant sea creature 

 everybody talks about." he said. "But there is something down there. Last summer, for example, we were lowering a camera underwater, when the table got snarled around something. 

"The next thing we knew the camera 

 was moving away from us. Something under the water was pulling it. We louk uff after the camera in a boat. We found it two or three miles away. The cable was broken. 

"Now something under (he water pulled 

 lhat camera along. It was some type of large underwater creature, I'm convinced of that. We were lucky to recover that expensive photographic equipment. If the cable hadn't broken, that thing under the 

 water would have eventually dragged it down lo the bottom of Loch Ness." 

This was the American research team's 

Ihird encounter with "something large under the water". 

"We haven't photographed Ncssieyet," 

 said Rines, the long, lean, fair-haired in- tellectual type. "Still I'm convinced she docs exist. In fact, during September of 
IS17Q. I believe we came up with proof positive she does exist." 

At that time, Hines. Klein and Blonder 

 were joined by Washington attorney Paul 
Foley, an academy member, and British scientist W. K. Johnson. 

The researchers set up camp near 

 fabled Castle Urqiihart on the shore of the loch, which is about lliree miles wide and 
23 miles in length, and chilly and cold and a great hiding place for a sea monster. 

"During September, we placed 25 buoys 

 in the water near the castle," said Rines. 
"Believe il or not. there was a container of a special love potion designed !o lure 
Nessie to the surface, attached to each buoy. The love potion was made from special ingredients supplied by the Miami 
Scaquarium and the Woods Hole 

Occanagraphic Institute on Cape Cod. The stuff was mixed by Ur. Harold Behrman of Harvard Medical School, who then frecro-rtried it. 

"All I had to do was add walcr when I 

 got to Loch Ness. The stuff was quite po- 

Serpent Hunters 

Preparing equipment in the search for Nessie are from left, Robert Rines 
Dr. Martin Klein and Britisher Tim Dinsdale. 

Alberta Is Kuwait of Canada 

 lent. I mixed il one night in my hotel room, and cverylxxly in the place was awake all night. That's lime powerful (lie stuff smells." 

The first day the love potion was placed 

 in the water something quite large was spotted on the Sonar apparatus by Dr. 
Klein. 

"The thing was about 25o feet below the 

.surface." recalled nines. "1( was somelhing large under the iraler. I would estimate thai (he thing was fifty feet lung 
Maybe longer. We had her on'the screen for almost an hour. But Nessie, if il was 
Nessie, was (town too deep for us to pho- tograph." 

Sad to relate, after (lie first day. the sea 

 creature never showed up again lo sniff the love potion. The stuff had lost its magical power. 

"We played all sorts of tape rccnrdinj's 

 next," revealed Hines. "The University of 
Rhode Island supplied them. The mating sounds of eels, salmons, sea lions and other underwater creatures were on I lie tapes. We had special speakers under (lie water. But the mating calls conldn't'hring 
Nessie to the top." 

At this point, lhe monsler chasers had 

 just abonl given up hope of ever encoun- tering jNcssie again. Then, just as (hey were ahont set to puck up and head home, an event happened that caused cheers on the shores of Loch Xess. 

It Went Crazy 

Explained Rines: "It happened while 

 we were lowering a niicmplioiio into lhe water. The mike was inside a large lank. 
H was supposed to go down 7o1) feel. We were hoping lo pick up some sounds made by Nessie. 

: OTTAWA - The latest gift to Canadian editorial car- toonists is the idea that the province of Alberta has 

 become their country's 

Kuwait. 

A f t e r lhe recent conference of lhe 

 provincial premiers called by Prime 
Minister Pierre Trudeau to agree on a new dnmeslic'.oil price, it was estimated 
Lhat Alberta (his year wnuld reap S2 billion in nil revenues. 

Thai is a lidy sum for a province with 

 fDiver than 2 million people and a hand- 

 some increase from the 53oo million il gol from its oil in 1o72. 

Its premier, Peter I.onghecd, is inclined 

 lo play down this new wealth and cite 
.statistics to show lhat his province is not as affluent as Ontario. 

Wheat Up, Too 

But this has not saved him from being 

 dubbed "lhe blue-eyed Arab of the west," and his officials at the conference obligingly wore sunglasses as proper sheikhs arc supposed lo. 

Saskatchewan will also benefit from lhe 

 domestic price increase from $4 lo SG.5o a 

 barrel. And since wheat is in equally great demand Ihesc are prosperous days for the prairies. 

Having survived two;years with only 1o!) 

 seals in a parliament of 2I>4, Trudeau may he tempted lo seize his moment of popularity by calling a .summer election before the effects of f u r t h e r inflation damage his prospects. 

If this happens, and if he defeats Robert 

Slanficlci for (he (hird time, lhe Conser- vatives will be looking for a new leader. 

Loughecd, Hie skilful bargainer from 

Alberta, has now increased his chances of laking on (he job. 

ThisWeek's 

APRIL 16 EARTH OUR TEACHER: LES- 

SON LEARNED ON OUR FIRST 
PLANET wilh Roger Coios. Incarnate 
Word College, 43o1 Broadway 
828-1261, 8 p.m. 

APRIL 18 WHERE IS ART will, Dr. 

Joshua A. Taylor, Tiinity University, 
Cobb-Racey Science Lecture Hall! 
Trinity University, 715 
Stadium 

736-7216, 
8p.m. 

•:•: rv-'ruiv-'' x i wm^ & 

OUR 

AMgfef- 
CAM WAV 
OF wet 

Is II Nessie? 

Famous photo, above, taken by 
Britisher P.A. McNab in 
1955, 

 shows Tov/er of Urquhart and its 
5o-foot high walls. The serpent's back, if that's what it is, seems longer. Photo at right taken in 1 934 shows Nessie lifting her head out of water. 

'However, lhe mike slopped descend- 

 ing when it got down about 1SD feel. Il slopped and wouldn't go down any more. 
We had a sonar graph going, and il was recording the sound waves picked up by the mike as it went down. 

"We also had a tape recorder going. 

The lines on the graph went crazy and nnr tape recorder captured a weird sound. 
Then the'mike started descending again, and went all the way down (u lhe 71111 fnol mark. 

"We are convinced now thai our mike in 

 the lank hit Xessie. or whatever is down there, and lhat the creature became terrified and lei out a how! n[ some soil. 
We've got lhat sound nn a tape. Anil \\e'\e gol tin- graph nf the sound waves." 

"When (he academy members returned 

 home tu lhe United Sines, (hey sent a copy of Hie tape recording In twu separate ex- perts on suiimfs. 

"We wauled to have the wild sound 

 cheeked out. ir it could |,e ,)„„,. •• explained limes. "And 1,11 February |'.|. 
I'I71, we got an unexpc'clcri Valentine. Iii 

 fad. we got two of them. Both reports arrived on (he same day. 

"Both experts agreed thai lhe iindcr- 

 waler sound we had recorded was a brand new one. They said il was impossible lo 
"match il up with any other underwater sound ever recorded before." 

Said Rincs proudly, "I honeslly believe 

 we have a recording of the sound made by lhe Loch Xcss monsler." 

They'll Be Back 

Will nines and his associales return 

 again lo Lodi Ness in 1973, il Ihey fail to come up with a clear phnlo of .Vossie during the mnnlhs ahead? 

"Absolutely," said Hubert Hines. "We 

 intend lu keep going until we come up wilh thai photograph we want sci much. 
Or unlit we havo convinced ourselves lhat there isn't any such Ihing as the Lucli 
N'ess Monsler." 

W i t h a smile, he added: "I believe 

Xessle's there though. In fact, I'm also convinced there may be more than one 
Xessie. And smile day I'm going to have 
Hie photographs lo prove it." 

Continued from Page MI 

 was a regular institution during lhe Six- tics and early Seventies." 

One killing willed was never cleared by 

 lhe authorities or Ihe Vimlanles took place on the banks of Hie riur m the nld 
Nat Lewis grist mill. 

In his book (if recollections. Viiilou 

.lames reported lhat he was on liis way In school on the summer morning of Isii.l iihrn the murder was discnvcivd, 

 lie related Illiil be entered Ihc mill and 

"saw the mosl horrible .sight — a drad man. tin- miller, lying nake<l wilh his head smashed and lilondy." 

Mill Killing 

The mi]]. :l f.|IIH,,| (.;i|.]y S;i|] A|)lm)jo 

 landmark, hail been bmll Ijr&jdc Hi,. f,,,,i bridge al Navarru anil Market Sis. by 
Lewis. It later was owned by a well-known 
Herman mcrehanl named I.efferirij-. 

. 
The giiry deal Ii of lhe miller was'never 

 willed in a com! of law, bill yeais later a fascinalinj; aironnl was publhln-d j,, T/i<> rmnlicr Times. 

Tasini- Thompson recalled Ihal it uas 

'"»»i:lii ibai SHi.iinri in .yjn.iHin ]l:ir] ]„.,,„ removed from a rhc:;l hi I In- m i l l _ i'l'-luiliriK a large sar!; ,,f Spanish dmjhlimiis. 

Not long after the killing, a tall and 

 handsome gambler from ICaglc Pass who had been down on his luck suddenly began boll ing large sums al San Antonio gamin;' tables. 

When hr lost \:i or 2o doubloons in a 

 single night belling al monle, authorities became suspicions. 

He was arrested and jailed, lie was also 

 refused bail. 

Epidemic 

Hut then f a l e intervened. A .seven; 

 cholera epidemic broke out "and one ciiuld scarcely lnok onl on the street day 
"i- niglil uilhoiil seeing a funeral pmccs- sion." 

Before the gambler's case could be 

 heard by the grand .jury il was announced he was dead of the dread disease. 

AfcurdiiiK lo Taylor, lhe luxly of lhe. 

 gambler was placed in a coffin. Holes had been drilled Ihrougli lhe lid of l|,rj con- laincr. 

The procession went In lhe Catholic 

 cemetery west tit (own afler dark. 

The lid of the cnffin was removed and 

 the "dead man" vaulted li> Hie saddle of a eniivenienl horse, lie lolloped off into the chaparral. 

On Ihal nccasinn the gambler, if lie was 

'I'1' 
'dciTr, heal lhe odds. 

*™™***^^ 

Monday'in tlie San Antonio News 

Mure on lhe nmsi hafflin^, unsolviiil jinmlers in ,S«n 
Aiilonid's history. Ami nn(; ()f t|,(; ,,„,„ SCnsJiiioiialI 

Stretch 
Run Set 
ByK 

Congressman Chick 

Kazen, who Jias been shrugging off the 

 campaign salvos of his two opponents for the 23rd congressional district scat, has come home.to throw a few punches of his own. 

The congressman blew in 

 from Washington t h i s past week, and jihms tn spend the rest of (he time between now mid HIP May -I rlectiwi criss- crossing the district. 

Kaxen has opened a cam- 

 paign beadcinarlers al 1X75 S. 
W. W. Wliite Knad al Rigsby 
Avenue, and field repri'scnla- live Wall.v Henderson has left his congressional payroll to oversee management of the of- fiee. 

Wally will be wurking as a 

 vulunteer. 

('hick notes thai lie lias left 

(be field lu .Jon Roland and 
•lake Julin.ww UnisA-ir, bn( he plans to change all lhal start- ing Ibis week. 

Dead Aim 

Taking dead aim al Roland, 

 who ran against him Iwo years ago as a wrile-in candidale, 
Clu'ck has unveiled a letter from Roland dated .Inly 28, 
1!)72, in which Roland inquires why be voted against the 
Atlantic Union Resolution in commitiee. 

That resolution, sub- 

.scf|iicii(ly defeated on the floor, called for a commitiee ID be created lo meet with 

 democracies across Ihe world lo explore crealion of a federa- liun for one inlernational government. Chick said il would also provide for one worldwide military force and one currency. 

Roland also asked Kaxen to 

 either reconsider his position on Ihe resuhilion and vole fur il on the floor, or absent himself from the vole. 

Ifaxcn'_Aiig.'4 wrote- back 

 telling Knhind be bad discussed his opposition lo Hie resolution with Roland personally and he knew Kaxen's reasoning on the mailer. 

No Appreciation 

He also luld Iloland he didn't 

 appreciate his suggestion he deliberately sby'away ft-i>rn voting (in any issue before the 
Congress. 

As an aside. Kaxcn doe.sn'l 

 have lu be pushed lu reveal 
Roland was for federal lam] use legislation selling guidelines 

Miscellany 

Slate Hep. and Mrs. 
(;. ,|. 

SlITTOM w i l l host a reception for judicial candidale 
ROSE 

SI'ECTOIt this Wednesday 

And St;rrON didn'l vole on 

 the legislation in allow ex- 
Felons to vole . . . he wasn't present w h e n the vole was taken . . . 

Judicial nmdidalr 
I'llll.l. 

PICKET'!' reporling he 

 received Iwo anniinymims SIIHI c o n l r i b i i l i o n s through Ihe mails... 

.Mayor CHARLES BECKER, 

 who is remaining reasonably clear of the comity campaigns, even those of three independent cuiiucilnien running Ibis year fur county office, nude a $1-1 conlribnlion lu slate legislalive caiKiid.ilc 
.JOHN TYNAN 

DAVIS ..so DAVIS repurled... 

Where was legislalive can- 

 didiiliv JOHN STACEV thai 

 most indefatigable uf cam- paigners, when 
SISSY 

I'Al! KM HOLD'S train iinlli'd in Thursday?... JOHN usually makes any political gathering where there are more than 
Ihree. citizens of IS years ur ohler ...nune of the candidates 
.showed for SISSY'S San An- 
(onto slop in her whislln slop lour, mil even any of the- libs who normally would flock lo 
I'ARENTHOLD'S side at a 
IKilllical gathering...certainly, 

 different from \\m and her grail b,'iltli> agalnsl (!ov. 
DOLPII DRISCOi: .. 

Culuinbus M a l l will be the 

 scene of a meatball u n i t 

 spaghc.111 f n n c t l u t i honoring 
Slate Rep. FRANK I.OMBAR- 
DINO, cnndlitalo Fur the Stnlc 
ScrinU!, April n,.. CHAIil.'EV 
PAUL! and JOHN (iAUONI will hi! splcinjj Iho meallinlls... 

 azen 

Busy 

Schedule 

 regulaling private properly rights. 

As for 
.foJmson, -Kaxen 

 merely shakes his head. 

He recalls that be helped 

Jake get his slarl in polities, and helped him get on the 
Irckel in his first race. Chick 
.said he spoke up for .lake nut of high regard fur Jake's pop, 
Hel. den. Marry Johnsun. 

And this, Chick muses, is the 

 thanks he gels. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Shades 
Of 
1961 

It was 1 3 years ago that comedian-actor Pedro Gonzalez-Gonzalez came to San 
Antonio to help then-Vice President Lyndon Johnson get a new congressman 
Henry B. Gonzalez, elected. Now Pedro's visage is peering down from billboards urging re-election of DA Ted Butler. 
*:*W*^^ 

Demos Losing 
P/*f Fl/llf W* 
Sui'™>' R e s u h , s I 
Polling Places 
-i Ulp^JUm 
Don't Impress \ 

Have, the horses run Ihe 

Demucrals wit uf church? 

... 
Ccinnly 
Demi, Chairman 

BEN SHAW reports llirK half a dozen churches which had |t.[ 
Dcnms list- church fellim-ship halls uiKl llii! like as pulling places Iwo years ago refuse 
"their'use lliis year... SHAW theorizes it js because Hie ballot tarries (tie referendum on pari-mutuel belling on horse racing... 

Tliusc. candidates whose 

 names arc allached in dial larye "Fur Sale" sign (in W. 
Qiiinc.v Avenue, slmiild remove them...it leaves a bad ciinmita- liun. particularly in the days uf 
Wilier-gale... 

Two of Hie major candidates 

For (he IHsl congressional seal, 
Slate Sen. 
NELSON 
WOLFF 

 and BOB KHUEGEIl well 

 represented by staff at that 
New liraunfcls meeting featur- ing six of the candidates...helps swell the crowd, and if Ihere's anything a hardworking pul needs il is a swelled crowd... 

Reports by some candidates 

 for the District 5711 stale rep posl. that Rep. 
WAYI.AND 

SIMMON'S who isn't seeking re-election, is supporting them has drawn charges of a base canard from 
SIMMONS 

WAYLAND wanls il clearly 

 understood that the only can- didate whose- election or re- 
I'leclimi fie is involved in is (hat of Cum. TOM STOLHAN'DSKE 
..they practice law together.. 
WAYI.ANI),' by 
Ihe way. 

 reporls lie is enjoying himself immensely since making bis decision not tu run fur rc-elec- lion... 

Several of Ihe ladies al that 

 ftttSSW;:?^^ 
Odds fn Ends 

Oist. 
.Judge 
.JOHN 
I!EN- 

AVIDES will catch many 

 lull-vision viewers off-guard w i t h his carefully placed 

 television ads about his can- didacy fur reelecliun . . . Hie judge has even lined up sumv 
:ill-.sccond spots un "Marcus 
Welby, M.U.." that authority figure uf the TV medical wurlii 
. . . Hie Ihcury is tu serve up your message lo those who are predisposed lo believe il . . . 

Disl. Judge 
PRESTON II. 

DIAL JR., who presided over- 
Hie 
ELMER 
WAYNE 

IIENI.EY JR. pre-lrial hear- 

 ing, flinched slightly when out- 

 ol-lown newspaper reporters asked him when he is up for- reeliH-lion . . . DIAL is trying lo keep politics unl uf Ihe case . 
. . the repurlers, however, remain suspicious uf DIAL'S xi-al . . . they note the Houston judge who first was assigned 
Ihe case eventually dropped il like a hot ixilato . . . DIAL, incidenlly, is up fur reelection 
In l!17(i . . . ' 

U'hu was really behind Ihe 

(.'oimiiissiunrrs Court protest last week uf 
KEN MHAH"s 

 decision lo reduce the number of voting devices for use in the 
May-llli Democratic primary? . 

 commissioners said they do 

 nol waul lo be blamed for lung lines al Billing siles . . . but while Inn" lines can hi- incon- venient for voters, Ihey can be disastrous for candidates, es- pecially those relying on the proverbial "heavy lurnuut" .. . 
!il' MIKE IIEHNANDE/, who 

 is trying lo unseal 
DA TED 

HUTLER won't Iw beholden In the legal eagles if he's elec- ted...campaign repnit reflects lilUe in rnnlribiilioiis from his legal bruiliers... He reported 
SlT.linil raised at his big hcncfil dance... 

 l)isl. Ally. TED HUTLER, 

 niranuhile, still refuses to face 

 hopeful 
MIKE IIERNAN- 

DE7. ill a debate . .. nilTLER says he has nothing lo gain from such a confronlaliiui, and besides, he noles, lonk whal lappcned to RICHARD M. 
NIXON after h« debated 

JOHN V. KENNEDY . . . 

Kunr hours of work for Iwo 

 ninules of glory . . . bis of 
'amlllar faces in iho conrlroom iceiip of "Sugiirlaiid Express" 
. . Assisliinl !)|s(. Ally. JOHN 

N II! has already 

 ed himself fur aii 

A< 
>iiili-iny Awnrd for his sup. 

 porting role us a bailiff In 

PETER MICHAKI, 

ClWIlV's conit . . . AsslstmH 
Dlsl. 
Ally. 
CHARLES 

CONAWAY wns cnst more 

 appropriately as an attorney, and in a manner of speaking, he was cuurl-appoinled lo Hie rule . . . Ihe sloiy is l h a t someone else was supposed tu play Ihe attorney. Inn during early lake.s. CURJJV ,-idvi.sivl movie directors the actor was nut forceful enough . . . Ihe judge recommended 

CONAWAY, who eventually 

 gul^Sllill fur the (in-i-amera ap- pearance. 

 jmecling of the Democratic jWomen fur Bexar County lo conduct a muck convi-nliuti ralber suriirised lo learn thai a sister-in-law of a stale rep is his administrative assistant... absolutely nothing illegal about it... 

I n i t i a l campaign reports 

 reflect lhat Life Underwriters 
Political Action Committee of 
Texas contributed S1oII In Iwlli 
State Hep. JOE HERNANDEZ 

 and legislative hopeful 
JOE 

HARRELL JR. 
. .Sen. JOHN 

THAEGER received a con- 

 tribution uf S4IXJ from Ihe «r- gani/aliun... 

Legislative candidate JOHN 

STACEV, piinnd for ixiimd 

 and geographically speaking, may emerge as the top spender of Hie 1!I7-I campaign if hjs present rale continues... 

STACEY, who has won the en- dorsement of nearly a dozen organizations euphemistically referred to as public interest groups, repmlcci expenditures uf $7,71o in his inilial campaign expense rcporl . . . and he's running in jn.sl one of II stale representative districts lying fully in liex-ar County projecting his e x p e n d i t u r e comilywidc, JOHN would have spent S84,S7I! if he maintained 
(lie .same spending rale . . . 

Anil i n d i c a t i o n s are (bat 

 before the Dislricl !!(i Slate 
.Senate race is decided, expen- ditures will top (he $1o1),(111(1 mark...lhal wuiild be fur the 

First primary, Ihe expected 
Democratic nin.off,.and the general election... DAVID 
EVANS and Slate Rep 

FRANK LOMBARDINO are 

 among the tup two dollar spenders so far in Iho cam- paign... 

Neither Slate Sen. NEJ.SON 

WOLFF nor Slate Hop. JOHN 
POERNER art too impressed with survey results run up the flagpole by BOI! KRUEGER campaign statisticians... NEL- 
SON notes a few items just too pul in Ihe results- <,! the survey, and 
I'OERNER finds it in 

 conflict with a survey he had run later... I'OERNER repurls bis survey reflects 75 per ccnl of Hexar Comity congressional district voters are undecided in 
Ihe race... 

Private eye 
EUGENE FO- 

TIAS scheduling a fundraiser far 7:3o'ji. in. Wednesday at the 
El Chamizal Clnb...$:t.5(i ]Hir ticket for'bcor, lamales, and a flour show,.. 

Slate Hep. 
FRANK LOM- 

BARDINO making no secret of 
Ihe fact he favored relenliun of the Texas Right lo H'urk 
/.aw...said so publicly back un l''eh. 12, and was reported so in 
Ihe press... 

That Committee of 3:i hosting 

 a Monday reception fur Slate 
Sen. 
NELSON WOLFF is 

 made up uf the bluest of blue 

Tans look nice. So do fancy sunglasses, 

But too much sun isn't good for your skin. And not all 

 sunglasses are good for your eyes. 

TSO offers fine-quality prescription and non-prescription 

 cyewear in the most fashionable styles under the sun. Cost is reasonable, loo. 

Stop in soon and see. 

 chippers, p o l i t i c a l l y and 

 economically... potent group pushing 
NELSON'S bid for 

Congress... 

County 
Clerk 
JIMMY 

KNIGHT getting a lol of 

 mileage out of those sample ampaigii ballots lie's pulling 

 mil listing ail the Demo cun- didales... JIMMY'S name, of 

 course, is blown up and op- liunenl 
AL PADILLA'S is 

 blown out... KNIGHT already has distributed 5o,11o(1, and or- ilcrnl 5fl,D(W more...(wo can- didates (for slate rep and a eoiinly courl-al-law posl) are dislributjug them duor lo door wilh 
(heir names en- 

•ircled...lhe second batch of 
5U.IIIMI will have Ihe pari-imilne! horserace betting referendum printed un them... 

Councilman GLENN LACY 

 reporting the reason be missed 
Iwo of those Firemen's am. 
I'ulice Pension fund meetings was because be was in Mexici and New Orleans attending l( city business... fellow council man JOSE SAN MARTIN had laken him tu task over his ab sences... 

3-H 

Political 

Scene 

•'^^•"••^•:-::-^-fK(-\-:-:-\^ 

TiP°ff 

Observers of the 
21st 

JoiiKressional Dislricl Demo 
Primary taking careful nole of 
Campaign conlriljution reports 
'iled in Austin recently . 
Stale liep. JOHN POEKNER 

>f Hondo, Ihey nole, piling np 
•lie longest list of contributors even Ihongti his dolJar lolal tame in third . . . must of 
POEKNER's donors were uf 

 be umJcr-SlOO lypo and listing 
•ural addresses . . . 

.Stale .Sen. NELSON WOLFF apjiearirn; jusl Die opposite uf 
POERNEK 
. . . 
NELSON 

 isled 28 donations in the iver-S5(IO braekel, including a 
53,ooo whopper from developer 
JIM DEMENT . . . WOLFF'S money all seemed to have a n'clure of Die Alumo on il, («,, wilh 83 uf his % contributors isling San Antonio addresses . 

 and those 8o chipped in 

 exactly !I!I.!J93 per cenl of the incoming cash .. . 

Observers also noting BOB 

KKUEGER of New lirairnfels relying heavily on his family 
Tor financial aid . . . der f a m i n e 
KRUEGER came 

Ihruugh wilh $2.UW) in outriyh! 
;ifls and, counting liOB's self, loan, a grand lolal of 555,5o9 in loans. 

Hiring a bookkeeper almost a 

 necessity for would-be 

 congressmen having to worry aboul both slate and federal campaign finance disclosure 
(leadlines . . . nuxl fall's winners might end up having filed as many as 21 different reports along the way . . . ex- cept for two accidental 

 overlaps, every nne of Ihosc reports lias a different deadline 

. with eager reporters and 

 the threat of criminal penalties awaiting those who don't get those reports in on lime . . . 

Slate Rep. FRANK MADLA 

 so far coming up with nothing but a handful of air in his drive fur an attorney general's opei records opinion un whether St. 
Philip's College has (o relcasi 
Ihe enrollment data FRANK wanls . . . Ally. Gen. JOHN 
HIM. rebuffed last week's cf 

 forl, saying requests would have lo come from Hie school. 

. bill MADLA has tried that 
•unto once, and the school iimply took Hie beat, hunkered down and did nothing .. . 

A yellow paper blizzard 

Covering solons offices at the 
Capitol as a number of Hexar 
~ountinns prepare lo send out 
"congratulations" ccrlificale's 

. . Ihose things incumbent 

 politicians send tu thousands of 

 raduating high schoolers 

 every spring . . . rumor has il one liexiir represcnlalive is ex- lending his generosity, gold seal and all, lo each and every graduate of a certain third grade class . . . seems the solon's son is among the third graders, you see, and . .. 

Jail reformer 
CHARLIE 

SULLIVAN, long identified 

 with wrangles aimed al 

 improving conditions in liexar 
County Jail, considering mov- ing to Austin . . . [iexar jail reform going well under' present enlightened county- leaders, CHARLIE saying, anil the Capital City would be a better location, lobby-wise, fur' his 
Citizens 
Unilei! for 

 lichubiliiuiion of Erranls . . . 

City C'ouncilwonian 
LILA 

COCKRELL and Mayoral Aide 
JACK 
SKIPPER complying 

 wilh Hie law and filing in Aus- tin llieir lobbyist activity reporls for the first quarter of 
1973 . . . a duly left over from a 
Irip the two made iN'orlh a couple of months back so Mrs! 
COCKRELL could leslify 

 before a constitutional conven- tion committee . . . their total lobbying expenditures on (he jaunt: $22.5o each, for "(rails-' porlation ..." 

Their filings both currying 

 disclaimers from City Ally. 
Cn/UVFOUD UEEDEIl as', scrtins LILA and JACK really didn't have lo do all lhat, not coming "under [he subject' stalule" and a l l . . . bui caution apparently overriding other considerations, or why would' 
Ihey have filed the reports at all'.' 

Our selection o( line Bulova limcpiecos includes 

 all the newest slyles, colors and features. 

You'll lind inslanl change date and day walchcs, 

 aulomalics, dress and sports models and luxurious 

 timepieces set with sparkling diamonds. 

And jusl as important, wo carry Bulova in a complote 

 range of prices starting at $6o.. ' 

MAY GRADUATION, MOTHER'S DAY AND JUNE FATHER'S DAY 

A. Ihe new Jtl Star. Stainless steel. Instant clunge date and day. Automatic. Grey dial. 17 jewels. 
B. An ultra-thin stiinless sled dress viatch. 17 |ewels. Black silk and suede strap. 
C. Slim oval case blends into notched bracelets. Sollly brushed taupe dial. 17 jewels. 
D. Tikii European styling. Bracelet win salin finish alligator pattern. 17 jewels. 
E. Ctanpagno dial with (igere^c markers. Inslanl cnance dale. 23 Jewels. Automatic. 
F. Eight luby led Rhodolite stones. MalchlUE red strap. 23 jewcH. 
C. DarV Tcxlurcd case yiilh Silver dial. Palleincd bracelet. 17 jewels. 

"Wo'ro nicer at Miss/on1 

E. Houston 
227-2215 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14. 1974 

Sears HOME APPLIANCE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

23621 
Kenmore 

®avy-Diity Laundry Pair 

Pampers Knits and manent Press Fabrics 

Kenmore 4-eyele 

Permanent Press Washer 

Automatic Time 

Temperature Control Dryer 
219 
1 

Pre-wash, permanent press, knit or delicate, and normal cycles. Choose 3 water levels, 5 wash/ rinse temperatures. 

Treats knitted fabrics with loving care! Auto- matic time and temperulure control for "just right" drying heat. 

Kenmore 3-Cycle lleetric Dryer 

1 

Your choice of three cycles: normal and permanent press cycles, plus an "air only" setting lo fluff pillows and blan- kets; fircal for drying rain wear, too! iVc-scl temperature. 
Internal lint screen. 

Sears Cure Service protects the value of your 
Kcmnnrc w:t«hcr and dryer. We service what we 
6c.ll, wherever you live or may move m the U.S.A. 

You Get More with a Kenmore 

• You get the benefit 

• of Scars thorough 

 research and testing 

1 You gel the benefit 

 of years of proven Kenmore dependability 

You get the benefit of Scars experienced nulionwide service 

Our Finest Coldspot 

Air Conditioners 

Page St-H 

Sears 

No Monthly Payment Until 

June on Sears Deferred 

Easy Payment Plan. (There 

 will be a finance charge for the deferral period.) 

Same Day 

INSTALLTION 

AVAILABLE 

Call Your Nearest Sears 
Store or Mail-in Coupon 

_fora FREE Home Survey 

 tu ilrlrrmilli inj home's nir conditioning needs. 
| 

NAMt l'HOSi:_ 

CITV 
•/.»•_ 

Mnil eunjinn lu: .Scar, 
1:, lluchutkiind Co. 

Panel Front 

14,ooo BTU Air Conditioner 

7414IJ 

« 2-way adjustable air flow vents 
• Three fan speeds: thermostat 
• Two-sided sliding panel front 
• Quick mount kit: rigid filter 

MODEL 

NO. 

74o51 

7312 

7362 

CAPACITY 

5,ooo liTll 

8,ooo li'FU 

18,ooo BTU 

AnnnioNAr, 

I'JvVIUHKS 

I-.i-ijiioiilicnl, uses only 
7.5 amps. L glilwoi^lit mill ciisv lo install. 
Rig fooling •rapacity. 
U.-i'S regular household 
IMlrri'Ul. 
Slide nut cliissis. Ad- justable' air How vcnls. 
'JVo fan !-|)c>>ds. 

HKGlil.AH 

I'KiCKWiu. nr: 

SI 1o.oo 

SI 59. 95 

8279.95 

LSAVE 

S21 

*2o 

HO 

NOW 

S89 

*139 

*239 

Coldspot Refrigerators 

63o21/ fiOSO 

 lO.O-cu. ft. Side-l>y-Side, 
I«c Mnker 

• No more messy defrosting 

 cvcrl 

• 12.5-cu. fl. rcfrigcrntor) 

6.5-cii. ft. freezer 

• Separate, adjustable cold 

 controls 

Iccmnkrr )inok-np lo writer nnppty optional, extra 

61651 

 l<».o-t»u. ft. Ail-Fro.* 

$358 

• AH fronllcgs convenience 
• 11.7-cu. fl, rofrJKmilur; 
"^R"'" 

4.,'t-r.ii. fl. frcc/cr 
< 

• Sc|iiirii1c, mljiihtnlili; 

7.7-cu. t'i. Compact 
• it full-widlh «hrl»rsi rrLipcr 
$138 

. rhpc 

• <).r>;i-cu. fl. (rctiTT 
• Ailfiinlnblc cold cnnlrcil 
• ,'l uill-wMih door thclvci; 

CUB rnrk «nil lUnJi-liln 

SAVE *4o 

AM/FM 
8-track stereo component 

 system 

Regular 
S189.95 14988 

9142 

1oo% solirl state system includes: 1) 8-track stereo tape player with pushbutton channel selector; 2) stereo FM/AM receiver with stereo alert light and 
AFC to help cut FM drift; 3) 3-speed changer with lightweight tone iirm, diamond tip needle, dust cover; 4) air-niispension speakers in walnut- grained, hardboard enclosures. 

SAVE SIOO Onr finest component stereo with solid state AM/FM stereo receiver ami full-size HSU changer 

Regular 
§349.95 

Boasts 2o RMS watts of power per channel. .. that's the kind of power you need to enjoy the full benefits of the 4-way air- suspension speaker system. BSH changer lias cueing lever, anti- skate device, lightweight lone arm with diamond lip needle, dust cover. AM/FM, R\l stereo receiver with precision tuning meter to pinpoint stations. AFC to help cut FM station drift, 

Prices in Effect thru Wednesday, April 17th 

9245 

Kenmore Dial 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back Sears 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Downtown I'lozo Slorr 

Solnlnd nl Nnmrro 

Mnn. & Tliurf. 9iSO-9 

'I'licn., Weil., Frl,, Sal. 9ifiO 

MlllUry Drire Slorc 

• I I'lriniinKin liil. 

Mon. thru Sal. 

Ccnlrirf I'«rk Slorc 

•Sun I'edro HI [,iMip4lll 

Mori, iliru Sul, 

9i:iO-9 

Use Sears Easy I'lyinent Plan 
Moil, lliru Sill. 

•Ml 

VttY.K SKWIN<; INSTUHCriONS wllli cncli Kcninnrn Miichinr 

- l\Kl(;llllOni|(M)|) STORKS (," ' 
".I.»,!,,.,!„,,„ .(.„., >,,«],l,1,,i,,,n,l,l,,,f,) —, 

:IMH Wr»l Air, 
'Jo2 llnnilrrii lid. llnrry Wurilinrli lit lillH) S.W.W. Vl'liiir U.I. 

,rri2-2:tfi-i 
•i:i2-u:tid iiiiiiimm ii2fi- c)57)i 
;i; 

Monilny Mini friilny 9-7, Snlunliiy 'J-ft 

HEAD GUARANTEE 

We win, al i\n charge, reptir ilrlrcls hi the 

: head lor 2o years and in the rlrrlriol 

 nifnl [or 2 >rirs. During the lirit 9o <layr, HO will »!HI provliln any mcchamrai srrvlrc nrcrisary for proper operation (olhrr than normal cu&tonirr inainlr-nance) and replace l>rlln, bolihin ^vinll^^, ruMirr riiiRi or light hulhs leturncil to ttie itore. 

Zig-Za; 

Head Only 

Sews /ig-/ag and straiglit stitclies both forward and reverse, even over .scams. 
Sews buttonholes, sews on bultons. Comes with foot control and light. Just dial lo stilcli you want. 2o year guarantee. 

Cabinets 

3495 

As Low As 

Cases 

As Low As 
14 95 

 lliilvrnnl Clly 

Kill;) I'al llnnkrr 11:1. 
SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

"""' sil^o' *"" ^^faction Guaranteed or Your Money Back Sears 

SEA«S, ROEBUCK AND CO, 

'April 14, 1974 

THE SUNDAY 

EXPRESS 

E D I T O 

-NEWS 
R I 

Rupert Murdoch 

Chareman 
A 

Charles O. L 

Kilpalrick S 

- 

Editor one/ Publisher 

CPS Should Buy Lo-Vaca 
To Give That Company Stability 

If the "doctors" have diagnosed 

 it correctly, it's going to take major surgery to cure the ills of 
Lo-Vaca, the Coastal States sub- sidiary that supplies San Antonio with natural gas. 

The cure could be for San An- 

 tonio and other customers to buy 
Lo-Vaca. 

Purchasers might include San 

Antonio, 
Austin, the 
Lower 

Colorado River Authority and aiiv 

Congress Can Improve Image: 

Make Honest Performance 

Americans are suffering a 

 crisis of confidence. There's no mistaking the tide of skepticism, even cynicism, lapping the foun- dations of government, business, education and religion. Question- ing is the beginning of learning but before intelligence can emerge, there has to bo a willingness In face tough choices and make hard decisions. 

Central to a renewal of con- 

 fidence is performance by the per- sons who inhabit our great institu- tions. Government, being most readily visible, has lo set the pace. 

The Senate Subcommittee on 

Intcrgovernmenl.il Relations hired the Louis Harris opinion research group to document the spreading erosion of confidence. It found a low public opinion of Congress. 
That was at a time when the 
President was also held in low es- teem. We assume the Harris find- ings are valid. 

So what to do? 

Sen. Ed Muskie, subcommittee 

 chairman, offered suggestions in 

He believes most people don't know how the Congress works, that traditional avenues of com- 

 munication are inadequate, and that television offers the poten- tially most-influential way to res- tore contact with the public. 

He may be right. But that con- 

 tact has to show genuine adherence 
.to fundamental honesty and in- tegrity among members of 

Congress. 
We believe most 

 members arc honest. We hold that view because if a majority were dishonest, the cnuntry would probably be broke. We aren't. Yet. 

There have been -1o years of 

 adulation of the Executive. There is a malaise of long-term 

 manipulation and dealing in 

Washington that has lo be purged so obviously that even the casual observer can see it. There have been influence peddling, deep freezes, mink coats. There have been 
Bernard 
Goldfine, the 

"Senator Collector," and Harry 
Vaughan and the Crony Crowd. 
' There arc Sen. Brewster and Abe 
Forlas and the Watergate Gang. 
There was Bobby Baker, Nathan 
Vnloshen and Martin Swcig. Baker was Lyndon Johnson's aide as 

Senate majority leader. Voloshen, a lobbyist, and Sweig, Speaker 
John McCormack's aide, used the 
Speaker's office lo defraud 

 government agencies. McCormack and his constituency probably aid- ed and abetted by [ailing to know when the Speaker was too old. The 
House aided and abetted by making a felish of old age in ser- vice. 

There have been flagrant abuse 

 of even the weak lobby and spend- ing controls. There have been open and arrogant opposition in 

Congress to fundamental en- forcement among the members to be honest with each other and the public. 

Even Congressional television, 

 as Muskie proposes, can't erase that sorry record. What can erase it is performance. If there is, in- deed, a majority of honest 

 members, let them enforce the constitutional rule thill allows cen- sure or removal from office. 

Repackaging a bad product won't remove the stink. . 
Heroes Fade: 
Goodbye Golda 

Golda 
Meir is leaving the 

Israeli government. She has been a remarkable leader. She was brought down in a battle of heroes left over from 1967 who couldn't repeat that startling performance in the Yom Kippnr War of last Oc- tober. 

The Israeli nation's confidence 

 was buoyed by the quick victories of 1967. Its disappointment was shattered by the difficulties of 1973 and the relatively-high losses, even in victory. The political repercus- sions, involving the hero Mosnc 
Dayan, were too severe to hold the 
Premier's government together. 

There was another factor, of 

 course. That was the Arab's "oil weapon," organized and used ef- fectively for the first lime. Thai made supply for Israel more dif- ficult and politically damaging. 
Even so, Israel came out of the war in a strong bargaining position. 

The new government has the 

 strong position won by Hie old one. 
It will have to be tough to take ad- vantage of llic gains. 

 other public customers that want to participate. 

Mayor Charles Becker of San 

Antonio is the latest "doctor" to diagnose Lo-Vaca's ills. He cri- ticized what he termed "loose talk" about Lo-Vaca. Then he got to what he thinks is the heart of 
Lo-Vaca's troubles. He said: 

"Lo-Vaca hardly enjoys the op- 

 portunity to do business with any supplier because they expect it to go down the lube immediately." 

Chairman Jim Langdon of the 

Railroad Commission has also 

 spoken on the lack of confidence in 
Lo-Vaca, declaring uncertainty is causing key employes to leave. 

And a Railroad 
Commission 

 examiner has talked about Ihe possibility of bankruptcy if the contracts San Antonio and other customers have are enforced. 

Coastal States has not verified 

 this diagnosis. It made a net profit of $38 million last year and has said that its profits in the first quarter of 1974 were at least as much as the $12.2 million it made in last year's first quarter. 

But if doubt about Lo-Vaca's 

 soundness is the cause of it being unable lo buy gas as Mayor Becker says, sale of Lo-Vaca would end thai immediately. 

Even if San Antonio alone were 

 the purchaser, the financial stability of the operation would be beyond question. 

City Public Service is one of 

 only four public institutions in the nation whose revenue bonds are rated AAA. This is the highest rating. 

And the credit of the City of San 

Anlbjiio is almost as good. San 
Antonio's bonds are rated AA—and recent sales have been at the same interest rate as AAA bonds. 

Addition of the City of Austin 

 and the Lower Colorado River 
Authority as purchasers would make the credit standing even more solid. 

A company with this ownership 

 could buy gas or transact any other business on a basis as good as any company in the country. 

Though the courts may have to 

 decide this, San Antonio and other customers may already have a substantial down payment on the purchase of Lo-Vaca. 

This is the money they say 

Coastal Slales-Lo-Vaca owes them for failure lo supply enough gas under the contract and for charg- ing a higher price than the con- tract nn gas supplied. . . . 

There is a precedent for the 

 purchase of Lo-Vaca. The City of 
San Antonio bo'ttght what is now 
City Public Service after the downfall of the Samuel Instill utility empire in the 192o's. 

This turned out to be one of the 

 finest deals San Antonio ever made. Purchase of Lo-Vaca would seem lo have a similar potential. 

Lisagor 

OPINIONS 

Press Quotes 

 ffcrt are cxcerptt of editorial opinion fron 

/fading 
7'r.va j. national and inltruationt/ 

NATO AT 25: "The Atlantic pact has 

 helped Europe to insure the longest era of peace in over a hundred years, and even today, in spile of all its deficiencies, and in spite of the multiple weaknesses of its members, it is still a unique niudel Tor a functioning alliance, perhaps the best that presently exists." -KOELNEK STADT- 
ANSEIGER. Cologne, Germany. 

COMMON 
MARKET: "Tile French 

 logic—lo act first and lo ask the 
Americans second—may bo persuasive, but one thing remains certain: The 
(Common Market) Community could never sustain a collision course with the 
United 
Stales."—STUTTGARTE It 

NACHHICHTEN, Stuttgart. 

' LONDON'S WATERGATE: "Is the nation really expected lo believe lhat Hie only good speculators in land are those who have enjoyed the friendship a! Harold 
WilsonV'-DAILY MAIL, London, on 
Wilson's blaming the press for troubles stemming from land speculation by his secretary—a practice Wilson condemned others for doing. 

KIDNAP: "In her purported message 

 renouncing her family and embracing her 

 kidnapers, Patricia Hearst says she 'has never been forced lo say anything on any tape. Nor have I been brainwashed, drugged, toilurcd, hypnotized or in any way confused.' Ilogwash! ... A reading of Patricia's message provides convinc- ing evidence that she has been brain- washed, drugged and hypnotized by the radical ideology that has been rampant on certain campuses since Patricia was 
IO."-PIIOENIX GAZETTE. 

SEXISM: "Isn't it gelling just a little 

 bit silly, this business of attempting to root out all vestiges of alleged sexism in the language by, for instance, chaimmu' perfectly good words like 'chairman' lo an atrocity like 'chairperson'—and now, by expunging the term 'man,' which nubocly ever thought meant anything but all human beings? Or should we say, 
'hupcrsous'V'-DAILY NEWS, Naples, 
Fla., nn MS. MAGAZINE'S refusal to run an ad calling the American system the 
"fairest ever devised by man." 

CONSTITUTION: "Delegates lo the 

(Texas Constitutional) Convention have done an admirable job of searching for 
Ibis middle ground thus far. Proper use of the recess by bringing the revision process closer to the people can further strengthen deliberations in the fn- lure."-DALLAS MORNING NKWS. 

Nixon Trip 
Won't Rate 
A Footnote 

Hy I'ctcr Ussifior 

From yon side of the 

 imperial moat, 
President 

Nixon's world obviously looks quite (I if fere n(. 

Else, it must be concluded that ho lias 

 broached llic lino between reality and illusion. 
•; 

To Mr. Nixon, (or example, :i day 

 among the bean 

 farmers of Michigan's 
Kill District was "mag- nificent." 

To many who trailed 

 along, it was merely sad; the journey from 
Bad Axe to Saiulusky, along desolate stretches of country roads, past clots of friendly folks at junctions along the way, was a media event, a case of ram- pant McLuhanism in which the medium was indeed the message. 

11 probably won't rale even a foutnolc in 

 tin- history of this Watergate era. 

The wliole thing cnuld have been staged 

 in a studio under the earthy directorial liand of Frank Capra, and conn- off as :t schmaltzy of Americana. 

It would have saved the networks (lie 

 cost of renting helicopters and small private jels to fly the film and [heir U'liite 
House reporters to Detroit in time for (hu evening newscasts. 

Rural America 

It would have been "magnificent" if (lie 

President had gone into the center of 
Snginaw and Bay City, the industrial centers of.the district, and listened. 

A display of solicitude for the urban 

 anxieties and concerns and hopes of 
Michigan's 8th would have been gritty and possibly rewarding. Even to have listened to tlic folks along HIE route be look might have given Mr. Nixon a sense of rural America. 

But that wasn't the purpose of the trip, 

 and what the President did was to make a pilch for survival, to evoke appreciative memories of the l'OU"s returning from 
Hanoi and GI's freed from Hie dread of going to Hie swamps of -South Vietnam, to speak of bis efforts to save llic world from nuclear war. . 

The Republican candidate for the 8th 

District seat in the House, James Sparling 
.Ir,, who invited Mr: Nixon to visit the 
Conservative Republican farm belt lo 
'.'explain himself" on the scandals beset- ting him, looked discounted as his guest discussed everything but topic A. 

Sparling should have guessed that the 

President would direct his message to the 
Congress, in the main, not lo the good burghers of Bad Axe, Cuss City, and San- dusky. And that message, of course, was lb.it out in the republic be lias residual strength. 

People Are Saying 

TV ENGLISH: "Between Madison 

Avenue and the Pentagon, nobody's ever going lo be able lo read the first chapter uf 
Genesis. "I.ct there be light" will have ab- solutely no meaning. I heard a Defense 
Department official the other evening, and what lie wanted lo say was that we've got to be able to attack wbei'c we choose. Hut lie didn't say that; he said he was going to 
'preset ve our targeting options'."—Alis- t a i r Oiokc, blaming television for 
"butchery uf the English language." 

DIRECT APPROACH: "The best way I 

 knmv In discourage them (kidnapings) is tti catch the kidnapers."—Attorney 
General William B. Sn.xbe. 

THE PAPERS: "I ho]>c the committee 

 that thought he (Nixon) had no right lo a di'diidimi for the donation of Ihe papers is equally sine that they are Ins properly. He was deprived on a technicality of benefits some (if his predecessors had."— Hep. Otto 
E. Passman. D, I.a., who has offered lo buy the papers from the President for $'l million. 

MILK MONEY: "I don'l think there 

 was any dairyman who would want to do anything illegal. If we knew then what we know now, I wouldn't have given Nixon any of it."—Bill Tale, -Sulphur Springs, Tex., dairyman. 

THK TAl'KS, AGAIN: "I can't unilers. 

 land why there is such great concern. Tlie committee's request had no specifics unlil 
April •) and it lakes lime to define, review, listen and transcribe the 

 material."—Presidential Lawyer James 
Sl.Clair. 

TIIK CONCERN: "I am not satisfied 

 willi Ihe (White I louse) response. I think it was offensive to (he House, I'm sorry lo say."—Rep. Edward Ilutchinson, senior 
Republican on llic House Judiciary Com- mittee. 

GOODBYE, GOLDA: "This is an inevi- 

 table step for me. This is a burden I can no longer bear. Don't ask me to change my mind, this is final."—Premier Golda Meir nf Israel. 

After Easter 

The Xicgler-Haig firm insists that after 

Easter recess, Ihe House Committee will be supplied "more tliau enough" material to exonerate the President of any complicity in the Watergale coverup. 

From (bo lower overlooking ihe. mnal, 

 these men apparently would have the constiluetits believe (hat, wilb one generous sweep of his hand, the President will put down all suspicion, force the 
Judiciary Commiltce lo apologize coulri- 
Icly for causing him grief witli their pelly demands, and go about his business (if saving a cranky world. 

Lawyers say among themselves that if 

 yuur case is bad on the law; talk Ihe facts; if ynur case is bad on the facts, talk the law; if your cast; is bad on both the facts and the law, pound the table. And if yon have a tough case, you stall; the witnesses may die or change their minds, Hie climate may change, or something may lurn up. 

If past, performance is any guide, one 

 can only look for more delays and a lot ol table-pounding. 

• t.ttu/ior. H'ailiiiifton Kurtnlt thitffor 

 ttit Chicago Daily Ntwi Sen-ice, is a tinted ohserrer on national affairs. 

 ew-Style Bexar Demo Coalition Seizing Power 

By 
Kcmpcr 
Olehl 

Remember the old 

Bexar 
Democratic 

Coalition and its 

 knock-down brawls with the local es- tablishment? 

The old liberal organization 

 led by Albert Pena Jr. has vanished after the harsh ilefcats of recent years. 

Hul close observers sec a 

 new-style coalition (|Uielly seizing places of power all across (he political scene. 

In contrast to t h e direct 

 confrontations with the es- tablishment thai characterised the Peria-lod liberal team, Ihe new coalition has specialised in unobtrusive nibbling tactics. 

Suddenly Ihe biles have been 

 gelling bigger. 

Like must modern liberal 

 movements here, the new team is anchored on votes from 
Mexican-American neigh- 

 borhoods with a frosting of an- 

 ti-establishment north side support. 

Nerve center of 
Ihe 

 movement is the Tower Life 
Huilding legal office which houses Stale licps. Hob Vale, 
Mall Garcia and .Iiie Hernan- dez. 

These office mates nailed 

 down seats in llic new legisla- tive districts in l!)72 and Vale and Garcia promptly became leaders of Speaker Price 
Daniel's new "team." 

Appointments 

I.nst year the group extended 

 its influence via Ihe city council campaign and emerged with appointments for Mrs. Vale and Mrs. Garcia on the board of the San Antonin Develop- ment Agency. 

Along came the school races 

 last week and the new coalition scored, with Dr. William 
Kliamdo in the San Anlonin 
ISI) and with Gcurgc Uxmiii in the Union Junior College race. 

Dr. Pord Nielsen, a fervenl 

o/una backer, was already nn 
(he college board, along will] 
Mrs. Sue Oppenlielmcr, who often sees Ihings.his way. 
. As a result, If'O/una's run- nine-male, Uilhcr Lee Sanders 

• Dii-lit is ilium of Sun .-In- 

 limiii imiilirtil irritivs. 

 is elected lo ihe seven inrmhcr board in (he run-off, April 27, 
Ihe whole complexion of the dislrict could change. 

Thec/illegc race has featured 

 another power center of the new Uexar politics. 
The 

Ozuna-Sandcrs campaign was masterminded by skilled poli- tical technicians of the Larry 
Travis group. 

Final Touches 

Travis and Hob Williams 

 look lime from their loll in the 
Bob Kruegcr congressional campaign to pul final touches nn [lie, junior college assault. 

Their involvement was na- 

.tnr.ll since they broke into politics with Nielsen several years ago. 

 lint much more lies ahead. 
There is Ihe comeback effort 

 of Joe Denial in the stale senate race In Dist. 26. And 
Winnie Dorla, Garcla's sister- in-law, is running for the Stale 
Hoard of Education with a good chance to win. 

The Hrrnal race is crucial. It 

 is gelling the personal allcn- lion of Vale, one of (he mnsl skilled of Dexar political tac- ticians. 

Obviously Hernal can't go 

 back to Austin unless Stale 
Rep. Prank Lnmbardino, tin; fronl-runner lo succeed .Slate 
Sen. Nelson Wolff, is removed from the road. 

Conveniently the race has 

 become a llirccway affair wilh 
David Evans also trying for a comeback. 

Kvans is a noted political 

 rough and tumble operator and 
Vale has been happy lo let him use his knife work on Lombar- dino. 

Adding His Own 

Hut Ihe "dean" of Hexar 

 legislators is adding his own loudies. 

I-'iir example, he has been 

 peddling exccrpls of a "tape" of l.ombardlno's appearance before the local screening ses- sion of APL-CIO'.s political arm, COI'E. 

Needless lo say, tlic Vale 

 production puts I-omlnrdino in a bad light. 

 ing coalition would also gain clout if Travis and his 

 colleagues .should manage lo 

BERRY'S WORLD 

 win with Kruegcr congressional race. 

Though Ihe New Hr 

 in the 

 aunfels 

Vale's scheme may backfire. 

AKL-CIO leaders profess grave embarrassment at the ap- pearance of \vhal they insist is a bnotleg tape of the session. 
Hul apparcnlly they had given 

Vale and oilier Ilernal sup-, porters free run of ihe meeting 
— which resulted In a Denial endorsement by labor. 

"If I were a politician," 

 snapped one critic from within labor's ranks, "you would never gel mo to go to an AKL- 
CIO screening aflcr that tape affair." 

Insiders lend lo play down 

 the liberal -conservative as- pects of the IJcrnal'comeback campaign. 

They see a Denial victory as 

;\ major boost for Vale and 
Garcia. S:>mc feel II wnnld put 
Ihe I wo office-males (Irmly In 
Ihu driver's seal so far as legislative politics is con- 
CITtll'd. 

The Men To Sec 

"They would be llic men lo 

 see, If ynu wanl fiomellilng In 
'Who'd liaVC CVCf thought the flic poker gang 

 n!l!f«I,orZSi'iM«!nincnl'1 would lurn lnto a ncc<"cpolnl group, eh, 

1 Meanwhile, Ihe mushroom- gUVS?" 

 lycoou is paying Ihcm hand- somely for their services, they would no doubt have con- siderable input intn his fuluru political arrangements. 

Kruegcr, of course, is run- 

 ning as a conservative, but his campaign Ilicme fils well wild the new Hexar politics. 

Hcaching fur n i i t - c i p u n t r y 

 voles, he has been speaking out against San Antonio's "poli- lical establishment." Ills blasts nl Ihe city's movers and shakers certainly won't .olfeitd 
Doxar's rebounding liberals. 

The idea of "nnc man, one 

 vote" makes resounding law. 
Hut liow does II work out on (he. playing fields of politics? 

Reshaped 

One measurement can hr 

Idken frnin the ]ilHt "ril|).. ,,r voter registrations al ||K. courthouse. The four |.nuill v cnmmissloiier precincts las'l yeur were reshaped („ ,„,.",.. wiuiilily in population. 

 lint voter rcgliilrniloiw i,, n,,, 

 pruclncls viirlwl by mm {\m 
o PIT com. Here i|U!y arp1 

> 
,;i m,| l l,. t 
2 wmt 1)1,oo3; Prciilncu ' „ 
M 
' 

J~>t ban Ar 

Campaign Financing Fuss 

Bysm. HuRiiScoit 
--. 
.. 
Gx 

SajLAnton[oJXPRESS-NEWS-Sunduy, April 14, 1974 

WASHINGTON - 
Whcn 

 members and friends of the 
Republican parly gathered at the Washington Hilton to raise funds for this year's congressional races, many of the lobbyists and assorted moguls who have been per- manent fixtures on the poll- tical fund raising scene were missing. 

• It is estimated (|,at 
Ulc 
(ll|lnc , 

 proceeds represented a 3o per cent reduction since 1972, a falc nearly that" 

Can ice continue to finance potman .cam- paigns by private fundraising methods? Not says the author, a Pennsylvania Iteniiblican who is minority leader of lite U.S. Senate.. 

Heaped upon this misfortune is (tie fact 

 tlial members of the Congress still owe nearly $2 million from their campaigns only two years ago. 

Parly professionals ought to be 

 searching their minds for some long- 

 m"lad UlreS f°r th'S |)cculiar Ho''""! 

One thing is tmite certain _ private 

 fundraising for political campaigns will have to be abandoned if our system of 
Rovcrnmenl is to survive. Well-inten- tioned "reforms11 simply Wil] not do 

Tight Limit 

He can place a light limit on conlribu- 

 tians hy individuals to candidates We can impose a rigid ceiling on candidates ex- penditures. We can exclude whole classes of individuals from participating in poll- deal campaigns. 

And after the process of getting elected 

|o public office lias been thoroughly 

 reformed," no one will lie able to raise 

 or spend the necessary funds lo conduct a serious campaign. 

I am part of a bipartisan movement in 

Die Congress to institute a new system of public financing to malcli privalc con- tributions for federal political campaigns 

There is already on Hie books a law 

 which will permit such funding for the presidential general election campaigns in 1976. 

Stern Medicine 

1 expressed some reservations about 

 this far-reaching proposal during its con- sirteralion by the Senate.. 

Having witnessed, however, the gross 

 violations of an even milder law which I did support, I am convinced that nothing stiort of full public financing will do - for presidential and congressional races in both primaries and general elections. 

Some of my colleagues argue that only 

 the presidential race requires the stern medicine of public financing. 

My response is quite simple. A public 

 which reportedly has an equally low con- fidence level in a Republican President and a Democratic Congress is not likely lo contribute large sums of money to any politician who passes the hat. 

SCOTT 

All candidates will soon he faced with a 

 scarcity uf funds, and with campaign costs on the rise, any effort lo restrict public financing lo presidential can- didates alone would ho a serious mistake. 

Aside from this, why shouldn't 

 members of Congress be covered by a system of matching public financing? 

After all, is the Congress not a co-equal 

 branch of government? 

Aren't crucial decisions made by 

 members of Congress everyday with res- pect to energy policy, farm policy, tax- policy and the like? 

If members of Congress expect lo have 

(he public's confidence, they inusl first demonstrate thai the system need not operate like some sort of auction, buying and selling political commodities at wha- tever the markcl will bear. 

Dollar Check-off 

The Senate bill builds on the "dollar 

 check -off" system, which allows in- dividuals to designate (voluntarily) one dollar of their tax payment to a presiden- tial election campaign fund. 

The current bill proposes to cover 

 presidential primaries and all congres- sional elections with a plan for public financing. 

Cnngrcsslonal primary campaigns 

 would opcrale by means of a matching gr.inl syslem — matching small private contributions wild federal dollars. 

General election candidates would be 

 eligible to receive full and exclusive public funding up lo a specified limit, and could choose to generate a massive grcas roots effort based solely on small private contributions. 

There would also be an option lo provide 

 a blend of private anil public funding with limits on Ihe amounts which could l>6 spent. 

In short, the Senale bill recognizes the 

 philosophical differences between public funding and privalc funding. 

 lint the bill also brings home the point 

 that raising large sums of money from small contributions alone will inevitably lead congressional candidates to the realization that public financing is the only viable alternative. 

'I he handwriting is on Ihe wall. Private 

 funds arc increasingly scarce and dif- ficult lo raise. Half -hearted reforms are ineffective. 

Public confidence in the Congress1 

 ability to perform its role is at a new low. 
Present campaign practices are viewed as intolerable by those both in and out of politics. 

How much longer can it go on? 

Not much longer if Congress does what 

 it should by enacting a system of public financing for ilsclf. 

Only in ibis way can congressional 

.candidates campaign for public office unencumbered by the burdens of private money on their backs. 

It is time lo free our system of its big- 

 gesl burden. 
Balance of Trade 

Lifting Opium Ban 

By 
Jack 
Anderson 

The 
Ireets of 

America have become safer since opium growing was outlawed in the distant hills of 
Turkey. 

Bill by early summer, bar- 

 ring a political miracle, the 
Turkish government will tell the impoverished opium 

 farmers in the remote Afyon region thai Ihey can once again plant their traditional moncv crop: the opium poppy -which gives Afyon its name. 

This expected Turkish action 

 would have an inevitable im- pact on Hie U.S. crime rate. 

As more heroin becomes 

 available, hundreds of 

 thousands of young people will try it and become addicted. 
Mosl of them will be forced to turn lo crime lo support their habit. 

The effect on U.S. cities, 

 narcotics officials tell us, would be measured in robbery! violence and death. They use words like "disastrous" and 
"catastrophic" to describe (he consequences. 
\ 

Sent to France 

Yet the pressure lo lift the 

 opium ban is coming, in part, from a few U.S. pharmaceu- tical firms looking for cheap morphine. They are in strange company, ranging from opium growers and i n t e r n a t i o n a l smugglers to Mafia mobstors and corrupt Turkish legislators 

• Aiulenau isti Pulitzer I'rize. 

'(•lulling co/uiiuiifti. 7/ij iceclttliiy ciiliintn appears in lln- S«n 
Anloiiin 

"But fu Your Case We're Making An 

Exception" 

For oul of the new opium liar-1 —a" eager to revive the heroin vest would come an illegal traffic 

 of heroin into this flood country. 

Before 1!)72, when opium 

 growing was banned in Turkey 

Where Are Leakers? 

By 
William 
Rusher 

One of the charac 

 teristic phenomena of our era is the leaker. 

He's thr anonymous in- 

 dividual, usually in Hie lower or middle echelons of govern- ment, who passes confidential documents or informalion to newsmen in an a l l o m p l lo damage some public figure. 

Thus some faceless 

 blircaiii-nU leaked lo Die press i n f o r m a l i o n concerning 

President Nixon's la\ returns 
— i n f o r m a t i o n which, to lie sure, resulted in a full-scale review and new (though dis- lulled) payments, hut which ilie law had solemnly pledged lo keep secret. 

Over at Ihe Slate Department 

 insl the other day, somebody's light fingers picked up a copy 
»f a confidential cable from our 
.\mbassador to .South Vietnam, 

Graham Martin, and mailed il to Senator Kennedy. 

Ambassador 
M a r t i n had 

 warned his superiors, in Hu- t-able, against t r u s t i n g Km- ut-dywilli accurate information on some subject;'days later 
Kennedy was able, [brinks to the leaker, to publish Hie cable and denounce Martin. 

Secret Policy 

Similarly, columnist Jack 

Anderson somehow obtained and published, a couple of years ago. the actual minutes of a meclingof a committee of 

I ho National Security Council at w h i c h Henry Kissinger outlined the Nixon Administra- tion's secret policy on India. 

And of course the investiga- 

 tion of Hie whole vast Water- 
Kale affair, as well as of Spiro 
Aguew and much else besides, has been accompanied hy a torrent of leaks from "sources close to lite prosecution," 
"persons f a m i l i a r with the case," and so on. 

My purpose here is not to 

 deplore this whole practice — 
(bough there is a case in tic made that it i.s, in fact, 

 deplorable. Let us concede, 

Itimhrr. nni' 
!<' titling 

 nf America' 

 however, that il also has its uses, After all, if President 
Nixon owed more taxes, at leasli the Icakrr made sure they got' paid. 

If Ambassador Martin want- 

 ed to tell Senator Kennedy less t h a n (he whole t r u t h about something, he can forget it now. 
Kxactly how America 

 bencfiltcd !>y Anderson's e\- pose of our gorernmonl's real attitude toward India is less clear to me, but at least no great harm seems lo have come of il. 

As for Watergate, the mas- 

 sive leaks were matched by — anil partly in rcsjmnsc to — an equally massive cover-up. 

One Way 

W'hal interests me at Ihe 

 moment, though, is why ihc leaks are all one way. 'HOW come we never gol Hie juicy details of (for example) .Sena- tor Kennedy's lax returns? 

Why aren't the leaks from 

Nixon's Stale D e p a r t m e n t 

 malt-lied by a few anonymous, tidbits from (hi1 huge staffs m a i n t a i n e d hy Ihc powerful 
Democratic moguls on Capitol 
Hill? 

Wouldn't it to fun In read Hie 

 minutes of a discussion around the editorial con ft-re HIT table at 
(say) 
[ho 
Washington 

"Post" or Ihc New York 
"Times"? 

And surely there must be- 

 some "source close lo Ihc case" who can tell us whether 
Hie appropriate autlmrilk-s are getting interested in ihe$5l),n<ll) 
Robert Maheu says be \r,tit\ 
Hubert Humphrey in Ifllin on 
Uic instruct inns of Howard 
Hughes — and if not. why mil. 

Of coursi-, il may |1(. n l ni ihc 

 leaks are all one way because liberal Democrats an- all just naturally as pure as tin- driven snow-. 

Maybe none of (bom ever 

 claimed a dubious tax deduc- lion, suppressed a fad, dis- sembled a policy or concealed a political [•nntrihulinn. 

And if and when Ihey reclaim 

 the While House, I promise you some revelations that will b'lim- your mind. 

 in exchange for $:I5.7 million compensation from the 

American taxpayers, huge opium shipments were divert- ed lo Trance .for refining into herein and (hen were smuggled into Ihe United States. 

We have obtained a secret 

House report, which estimates lliat at one point, "up to 8o per cent oflieroin in the" United 
States came from Turkish opium gum." The 1972 ban dramatically reduced the flow into this country until only the hardcore addicts- could obtain heroin. Suddenly, it became almost unavailable lo Ihe young drug "chippers" who. like lo live dangerously. 

The House report, authored • 

 by narcotics subcommittee chairman Hep. Lester Wolff, 
D-N-.Y., describes what hap- pened after I be Turkish con- nection was cut off. "Heroin addiction," it stales, "(was) reduced from between 5oo.(TOO and 7oo,11o(1 lo about OT.UOI] ac- tive addicts.... 

"The price of one milligram 

 of heroin in Xew York City was 
•H cents in 1o72; by miil-l!)7.1, 
(it) had risen lo $1.52 ... The street level purity of heroin sold to addicts decreased from 7.7 per cent to 3.7 per cent.;1 

Crime Drops 

With Hie decline in addiction 

 came a corresponding reduc- tion in crime and misery. 
"Overdose deaths, drug-relat- ed hepatitis and drug-related properly crimes," declares Ihc reporl, 
"have declined 

 throughout most areas of Ihc 
United Slates fur the first lime in six years." 

The end of opium planting in 

Turkey caused repercussions, indeed, throughout Ihc sub- terranean world of drugs. In 
Europe, Ihe Cnrsicnn criminals who imd made huge profits from luTiiin smuggling were compelled lo invesl their money in more or h-ss legi- timate businesses. The federal 
.narcotics imT.stigalors warn, 

 however, that the Mafia is keeping its investments si:ini- liquid in anticipation of a reopening of Ihe opium traffic. 

In Southeast Asia, opium 

 traders in the mountainous 
Golden Triangle of Burma, 
Thailand and Laos began lo feel out the United States on an exchange deal similar to that made with Turkey. One group ottered to sell -1oo Ions of opium lo (he United Stales lo get it off the markcl. 

For Medicine 

In India, the Soviets began 

 buying up legal opium 

 feverishly for medical pur- poses. Suddenly India, which leads the world in legilimalc opium sales, also found auout 
25 per cent of ils crop being diverted to criminal elements. 

But in Turkey itself, an 

 outcry against the ban began to swell. The farmers who were 

Crime 

 supposed to gel the American aid complained it arrived late when it came at all. They sus-' peeled, with some justice, that the U.S. payments were Roing nilo HIP bottomless pockets of corrupt officials. 

Chairman Wolff, accom- 

 panied by Hep. Charles KaiiRcl. 
D-N'.Y.. traveled into the 

Turkish hinterland tu get. as the report puts it. "some in- sight inlti the poppy ban in 
Turkish" eyes."'I'ucling among the opium traders ran so high that the two congressmen had to be guarded by armed 
Turkish and American security men. 

The congressmen met a 7o. 

 year-old farmer who "hail grown poppies on llin.-,c hills every year u n t i l 197^," Hiey relate. "He bad, at (hegoveni- ment's suggestion, grown sunflowers as a substitute.... 

But he did not like the taste of sunflower seed oil. He also planted barley now...but it earned less money than the poppy." 

Wolff asked him whether he 

 wanted lo grow poppies again. 
"Yes," said Ihe old farmer simply. 

Most of those interviewed 

 along tho rocky roads of Afyon felt the same way. Some said grudgingly they would abide by 
Ihe government decree-Hut others were openly rebellious, admitting they had illegally sold opium gum. 

The report' urge's that tlic 

 channels be kept open with 
Turkey anil that the crop diversification program be 

• pursued, "liaising the level of 

 understanding in Turkey about 

. the international drug problem is a vital basis for any future cooperation." slates the study. 

Farewell 

Hy 
Arl 
Tlucluvald 

No one will admit il 

 publicly but next to 
(ohoulck the biggest jlo|) of 1974 was 

 peaking. 

It was n media happening for 

I«o uci-ks and then ftalnl out jfi nolhlng, 

To find nut wlinl went wronj; 

[went In see Slnnley .Streaker, 

 university sophomore, who 

Iiarlcd tin- whole tiling. 

I "Stanley, I know you had' jlgli hopes for blrcnkliiR when 
] first slnrtcil. You predicted 11 loitld lie as big ns (he huln 
Imp ni|(e, Obviously you 

 bombed oul. \Vbal wcnl 

 wrong?" 

"I miscalculaled," be said 

 fully dollied. "The one llilng I over looked Is that Americans can't be shocked hy nn 

ANYTHING anymore. They're so punch drunk they accept everything without a peep." 

"I'm nol sure I understand." 

The Fun of It 

"Well In order for streaking 

 lo calch nn we bad to convince students they wen- doing somi-lliliiK against t h e es- 
Inblishmenl. The fun of It for 
Ihcm wns to h o r r i f y (heir parcnls, their professors, Ihc nliimnl mid of course lhc board of trustees, 

"When wo stalled slrenklni; 

.we expected howls of prnlesl from tho press inul a tremen- dous counter re-ucllon from iho police. 

"Hul nn one jiol sore. 

Kvrrynne Jitsl said "look nt 

• Diicliimlil ii n niiliiinallY 

 lymlicaletl humorist, ilis tier.ktlny column iiiijictirs in the San Antonio nuwi, 

 those nice kids running around with no clothes on.'" 

"It's true," I admitted. "I 

 sold It myself." 

"I guess I can't tilnme the 

 pniTiits. The older generallon has been Ihrough n lot. They've seen students march on 

Washington protesting the war, fighting for civil rights, 

 screaming ngalnst pollution. 

"Heck,' nftcr the sixties, 

 streaking looked as innocent as maypole dunning mid tin' cs- 
Inblisliiucnl nnl only refused to get sore at streakers, Ihey wel- comed us with ojien arms." 

Permissive Age 

"You arc victims of n per- 

 missive (if'c," ,-iald sympalhe. llcally. 

"I think Ihe thing that burl 

 us 
Ihe most was W a l t e r 

Cronklte," Stanley said. 

"Why Waller Cronkile1.'" 
"Well w'irn Ihc cra/i- first 

 started 
Cronkite gut on 

 television nntl said streaking was in. Now as far , as college students are concerned when 
Waller says something is IN, that menus It's OUT, I can dale our demise lo the night Walter told America about .streaking." 

"You haven't mentioned 

 this,"! said,'M!ut Is ItjKissiblc thai one of 
Ihe reasons 

Mrcakini; failed was that nonm- was Inrned nn by seeing a mass of flesh In (he streets1.1" 

"I've thought nhniil thai a 

Int," Mtnnley snld. 

"It's Irne Hint when you've 

 seen one stipnker you've seen 
'them all, Perhaps 1 could have kept Hie Ililni! going a lot longer If I Imit progianmii-d II bcllcr. 

"Each week we could have 

 streaked with nne less piece of clothing, like a strip lease. At 
Hie end Ihe buys would have been in their shorts and the girls in bras and panties. 

Their Mistake 

Then the final week we would 

 have had the big unveiling tlial would have given Crnnkilc something to talk about. Our mistake was showing the land- ing on the moon before the takeoff from Cape Canaveral." 

"So it's all over Stanley?" 

"Yup. Wo tiled lo revive It by 

 having someone streak on television at the Academy 
Awards, but H was a big nothing. Sixty million people just sul there mid yawned. 
When I saw Hint I decided to hang up my socks. 

A man has lo know when he's 

• through." 

A LUNCH 

TO MAKE EVEN 

A BUCKINGHAM 

PALACE GUARD 

SMACK HIS LIPS 

Take a trip to merry old England without^ 

 having to leave San Antonio. We're 

 serving an English gourmet lunch 

 in our Tastesetter® Restaurant on Second, Fashion 

Square. Terribly delicious cream of mushroom soup, filet of sole, asparagus 

 with lemon butter and a tomato watercress salad, 3.25. Then, the crown- 

 ing touch (so to speak) is our fresh strawberry frozen daiquiri, 1.25. Plus, 

 other delightful entrees. North Star Hall. [t^Cf^r^>t-J-(^r| 

F 
R 
O 
S 
T 
B 
R 
O 
S 
. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974. 

*:^^^ 
' 
« 
Horse Show Slated 
I 

Some of the nation's fines! horses will 

 compete in the 12th annual San Antonio 
Charily Horse Show scheduled Wednes- day through Sunday in Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. 

The show, presented by Alzafar Shrine 

Temple, benefits children's wards in four 
San Antonio hospitals — Santa Rosa, 
Lutheran General, Methodist and Baptist. 
• Thoroughbred horses compete under sanction of the American Horse Show As- sociation, Texas Hunter and Jumper As- sociation, Arabian Horse Show of Texas, 
Inc., American Saddle Bred Pleasure 
Horse Association and American Shetland 
Pony Club. 

In addition to entertainment, Hie show 

 offers area residents an opportunity to learn about the intensity of horse compe- 

 tition and the close coordination required between horse and rider. 

Classes in which entrants will compete 

 arc five gailed, three gaited, walking, fine harness, amalenr-owncr jumper, junior hunter-jumper, working hunter and purebred Arabian and Shetland. 
• 

In addition to category "A," there will 

 be competition in category "U" for road- sters. half-Arabians and pony hunters and category "C" for all other horses. 

Performances arc slated for 7:3o p.m. 

Wednesday through Saturday and at 1:3o 
'p.m. Sunday. Classes are held each day from 8:3o a.m. to 5 p.m. 

Performances are held in two covered 

 arenas, the main arena in the coliseum and the arena in Barn No. 2. 

Spelling Champs 

Due Trip 

In June more than 1oo 

 youngsters, sponsored by 

 newspapers all over the 

 country, will meet 
In 

Washington, D. C., for the -19th Annual Na- tional Spelling Bee. 

And for (lie 2olh consecutive 

 year Ilic Sun Antonio News will have ii contestant in Ihc spell- dawn. 

A regional champion will he 

 cliosen May 4 to compile for 
Ilic national spoiling honors and valuable prizes. 

Elementary, junior and mid- 

 dle schools arc meanwhile busy holding their own bet's In ik'- 

Sears 

CHILDREN 

'wiTIP1 
''°' 
V ? A -It -8- VT.-V 
$ ^ i 

Tops and 
Bottoms that 
Mix-Match 

CHARGE IT 

 on Sir,ir>. Iluvulvni); C 

-ffrcl thru ,A|iril I7ih 

3 

17 
2 

37 1 

57 

 jeana, rcg. $3.99 bliorls or fly-away lop 

 rcg. $2.99 racli 

 blei:vel(ib5 Inji, rcR. $1.o9 

Tops aiui bottoms lliat mix-match or lake your liltln girls' own wiirilrohr: anrl give it a new look. Polynslcr and colton donim jnans and .shorts in while, red, hluc. Perma-Prcsl k n i t tops . . . fly-away top in red, yellow, green. Sleeveless top in blue or red. Sizes S(2-3), M(4-5), I.(6-6x). 

SHOP AT SEARS 

AND SAVE 

Sttliftctlon Ouirinteed 

 or Your Money Back 
«AM(IOHUCK AMD co. 
All Olhcr Day* 9:3o-6 

Downtown Pfrua Slorc 
Mllilory Drlvn Store 
Ontr^l Pork 

So led a (I Kt Novarro fll 
I'lrtunnlnn Hil. 
Son IVrlrii ol l,o»ji 'IK. 

Mon. ami Thuri. Oi.lO-O 
Mun. thru Sal. 
MOM, ilirn Snl. 

 rminc coiitcslnnts for Ilio ;m- iial bee hero. 
Tup prixc in Ihc Smi Anlonio o»s S|«lliiiK lice is mi all-i'x- 
1'iisL' paid trip lo Washington ur the iiiilional event. 

TV Prize 

The rfgiurml spelliny wintipr ill also lipcrotne lite cwnpr of ;\ 
PW, ilriiini-covcrcd black and vltile iioiiilli tek'visiim. Tito set 
•ill be a gift from the Xenitli 
'nrp. and its local distrilmtor, lie Jnt'Tliiolc Co, 
Oilier pri/es include a 3o-se[ olume of Annals of America, he American Heritage Die- ionary, PapcrMate pens and iwllirif! certificates. 
Spcljing practice bnokliHs re still available lo schools n<l students for study. Schools 
.re provided three free 

 wnklels upon rciiucst. 

Uooklets are 5o cents cacti 
.ml may be purchased at the 
Jxi>ri'ss-.\'ews, fioom 5o6, 

 een 8:M a.m. and 5 p.m. 

 vockdays. 

Area Scope 

 liacli privali'. parochial and 

 public sdiool in LJexar, Alas- cosa, 
Cmual, 
Dimmil, 

 iatulera, K f t i d a l l . Medina, 
•"riu. 
Wilson. 
Ciiiadulupe. 

Mi-Mullen, Val Verdi' and invala conntifs will seiul a 
•eprcsentalivL- lu the regional 
-oiliest. 

How About 
Chinese Vodka? 

China mil soon break into the odk;i business in Hie United ilates. joining lite Russians 
\ho sell about 31X1.ooo bollles a 

 i ear. 

Tltc N'cw China Liquor and 

 spirits Corp.. an American im- wrting firm, lias announced it spliiiiiiing to iuiirart Great Wall mind vodka which will sell for ibout the same price as leading 
Russian brands. 

•This year's bee will Infce place at 
Incarnate Word 

College auditorium. 

Deadline for submitting en- 

'trii'S is April 3o, hut schools are raiui'sled lo submit names of their champions along will] photos as soon as possible. 

Contestants in the nee must 

 not have reached his or her Itilli birthday and must nut have passed Iwyond Ihc cigltl grade at the lime he or she becomes a scliool champ. 

ICnlrics should be addressed- 

 to .Spelling Bee Kdilor. San 
Antonio News. P. o. f!nx 2171, 
San Anlonio. Texas. 782o7. 

• 
For more information on (he 

 spelling contest, please contact the Spelling Bee Kditoi-. 

Spelling 

Prize 

Webster's New Collegiate 
Dictionary featuring more than 15o,ooo entries and 
191,ooo precise defini- tions is one of the prizes offered in the San Antonio 
News Spelling Bee. 

BAILEY-GOJ//V- 
Associates. 

All Forms of Insurance 

2o3 S. BROADWAY 
227-6151 

ON MAY 4TH ELECT 

Judge Mike Hernandez 

DISTRICT ATTORNEY 
OF BEXAR COUNTY 

• Juiliceof the Pence, Pre[i^c^ 1, P»at« 2, 197o-1974 
. • Giadualed Si. Mary'i Univeriily of Low—B.A. Degree anil Dotloi of Jviitpiua'encc. 
• Experienced triol allorney. 
• McmbM Amen con Bar Auaciulian, Teiat and Son Anlonio Boi AiiO(ia1kin, and Te*oi 1tto\ Lawyeil. 
• McmbeisMp in: 

Bexai County Menial Hiatlh Aiiotialian-Baard ot Diredprs. 
San An I on in Uiban Coalition-Soaid of Diretlon ian Antonio Camptir* G«ti—Board of Dvrtleit. 
San Anlonio Chamber ol Com me ice 
Knighti of Colunibui—41*1 Degice 
Amerkan Judfcalutc Sotiely 

 riovi locial orgaoiialiorn 

• Gueir lecturer tot i<tiool> ond tivit oiganiialioni e Moiti*dr falrwt of foui ihiTdten. 

ElECI A MAN CONCERNED WKH HIS COMMUNIITT - ITS PROGRESS ANO IfS PROBLEMS. rtl«lkt<*rfy. pciilarhyMji MiU Hu^ti (N«^t i«nHino. 11o! H. lliru. FVfiiM * lS« (jpi«n t*4 N«wi 4/1 V'4 

Quasar 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 

SAN ANTONIO DEALERS 

BOWDEN'S 
HuebnerS Fredsbg. Rd. 

BROWN APPl. CO. 
7oo Frodsbg. Rd. 

BUENA VISTA TV 
12o2 Buona Vista 

AUENBUllTVS APPL. 
716 labor 

DE WAAL RADIO & TV 
1743S. Hackberry 

GASRtTT'S APPl. 
2652 Austin Hwy. 

GENERAL TIRE 
19o2 S.W. Military Dr. 

B.F. GOODRICH 
1231 {.Commerce 
35o1 S. Gevers 
111 S.lcona 

AREA 

8oERNE 
Mega Electronics 

CASTROVILLE 
C&MEIec.Co. 

CHARIOTTE 
Chapa Furn. Co. 

DEL RIO 
Ace Hdwo. Co. 

FlORESVIllE 
Navarro Radio & TV 

FREDERICKSBURG 
Main Electronics 

JOURDANTON 
Bcnz&Klumb 

KARNESCITY 
' 

McShan Elcc. Co. 

KERRVILIE 
ColoramaTV 

IMPERIAITURN.CO. 
416 Brady Blvd. 

TOM JONES APPl. 
9o7 Brooklyn 

RICH FURN. CO. 
4922 Military Dr,W 

SAN ANTONIO MUSIC 
415 N. Main 
SIMMANG'S TV lackland Plaza Mall 

H.C.S. SMITH CO. 
15oo W. Commerce 

STAR TV 
1725N.NewBrcunfels 

TABHAN'STV 
521 Hwy. 9o W. 

TED'S TV • 
42oo Blanco Rd. 

WOOD1AWNTV lo3oBanderaR<f. 

DEALERS 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
Bueche Furn.Ca. 

NIXON 
Holmes Furn. Co. 

PEARSALL 
Chapa Furn. Co. 

PUASANTON 
Fred Krause Supply 

SAN MARCOS 
CityAppl. Co. 
Sullies Furn. Co. 

SCHERTZ 
Riedcl'slnc. 

SEGUIH 
StarcheFurn. Co. 

THREE RIVERS 
BillTullisAppl. 
UVAIDE 
Uvalde Daylon Tire 

 got all Ihoso qualily Quasar TV loaluros' 
MOTOROLA 

Solid State Chassis 

No Tubes 

Pluc-ln Circuit Koifulsi 
II a modulo nocds lo bo replaced, an exchange module / can bo plugged in by a service technician. 

R 

Inilt-Mitlc Color Tuning 
One bullon nulomatically 

 f balances Ilio color Inlcnsily 

 huo. conuast, brighlnoss and 

 can aclivalo Iho aulomatic 

 lino luning. 

Milrlx Brlghl PIclurtTub* 
Jet black malrix surrounds 
Iho color dols lo holp maintain picture contrast cvon in 

Ighlly lil room. P.clure is 

>, cilsp, clear. 

9ODAY 
IN-HOME 
SERVICE 
INCLUDED 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, ,1974 

Monday & 

Tuesday 

"RHONDA" 

47%-5o% OFF! 

BIG SAVINGS FOR YOU DURING 
OUR WIG SALE—HURRY IN! 

ELURA wash 'n wear capless wigs of moda- crylic with the look of real liair. Flattering col- ors. 

8 
1o 

44 

"SALIY" 

Regular $16 

88 

"RHONDA" 

Regular $22 

3.12-6.12 OFF! 
FAMOUS-MAKER DRESS SHIRTS 
FOR MEN, REGULAR $7-$ 1o 

388 

Special group all new fashions. Not all sizes—hurry for best selection! 

1/2-PRICE 

MEN'S NO-IRON SHORT SLEEVE 
DRESS SHIRTS, REGULAR $5-$8. 

25°TO 
$4 

Assorted styles in prints, stripes, solids. 

SAVE 1.12-2.12! 

SPECIAL GROUP OF MENS' 1oo% 
POLYESTER NECKTIES, REG. $3-$4 

EA. 

New, wide styles in solids, stripes, patterns. 

SAVE 4.12-8.12! 

SPECIAL GROUP YOUNG MENS' 
FLARED PANTS, REGULAR $1o-$ 14 

588 

PAIR 

Assorted stylos In solids and patterns. 

AFTER— EASTER 
*-%r i EI%—- t*A«j i EI\ 
• earance safe 

SPECIAL GROUP 
OF DRESSES 
AND PANTSUITS 
SHARPLY REDUCED 

JUNIORS', MISSES' AND HALF-SIZES 

SAVE NOW! 

LITTLE GIRL'S SPRING DRESSES, 
LITTLE BOYS' SLACK SETS 

O 
OFF 

Gala dress assortment; handsome suits for him. 3-6X. 

1/2 

PRICE! 

Why pay twice the price, when you can pay half? Plus get your favorite dresses and pantsuits, too. Find one-two-and-three-piece looks, in washable polyester knit, doubleknit, more, more. Not every style in every size and color, but there's lots to choose from. 

$6To$2o 

WERE $12 TO $4o 

BIG SAVINGS! 

GIRLS 7-14 DRESS CLEARANCE- 
SPECIAL GROUP NOW REDUCED 

O 
OFF! 

Dreamy dress looks! Ruffles, smocking, more! 

4.56-5.56 OFF! 

MISSES TWILL WEAVE SLACKS OF 
1oo% POLYESTER KNIT, REG. $9-$ 1o 

444 

PR. 

Diagonal weave, trimly tailored. 
Solid colors. 8-2o. 

SPECIAL 
BUY! 

MEN'S DOUBLEKNIT SPORTCOATS 
IN LIVELY PATTERNS AND COLORS 

88 

The style's up-to-the-minute! The price is great! Wards polyester doubleknit sport- coats feature wide lapels, deep center vents, fashion flap pockets. And, they stay neat-looking and comfortable, too! 
Choose solid tones or patterns. Regulars, longs. 

5.12-12.12 OFF 

4o%-7o% OFF! 

GIRLS SIZE 7-14 SWIMSUIT 
ASSORTMENT, WERE 6.98-9.98 

388 

EA. 

'Regular Prices were 6.98 to 9.98 in Words 1973 
Summer Catalog 

SHOE SALE! 

SELECTED STYLES FOR BOYS, GIRLS, 
WOMEN—REGULARLY 6.99-12.99 
1!/§3 

OFF 

Not all styles in all sizes and colors, but a good assortment to choose from. Hurryl 

SAVE 33%! 

OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF BOYS 
CLIP-ON TIES, REGULAR 
1.5o 

C 

Assorted stripes, solids and patterns. 

MENS' DOUBLEKNIT DRESS 
SLACKS, REG. $18 TO $25 

Super-value . . . super stylo . . . super polyester 

 doubleknit comfort! 
Wards new pattern and solid color 

 flares got it all togotherl 
32-42. 

Hurry in now! 1288 

3.11-7.51 OFF! 

SAVE! SPECIAL GROUP OF BOY'S 
SPORTCOATS, REG. 14.99-21.99 
98M4 

Selected styles; blazers, patterns in rcg., slim, husky sizes. 8-18. 

SAVE 
4.o2! 

MENS' FLARED DOUBLEKNIT JEANS 
FOR ACTION, COMFORT. REG. 9.99 

597 

PAIR 

Polyester jeans g-l-v-o with ovory move, then bounce backl Solid Colors. 

YOUR SHOPPING DOLLARS GO FURTHER WITH WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT—JUST SAY "CHARGE IT!' 

WARDS 
• WONDERLAND SHOPPING CITY 

Frodorlcksburg Rd, at Loop 41o 
Ph. 736-4111 

McCRELESS SHOPPING CITY 

So. Now Braunfols at Southcross 
.Ph. 532-8881 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

$8o OFF! 

 i t r m i 
: H IP IH mm 

Model 5729 

SAVE $3o! WARDS 6,ooo BTU 
AIR CONDITIONER-REG. 189.95 

2 cooling speeds. Auto, thermostat lets you set, then forget! Adjustable air direc- tors. 
159 

2o9.95 8,ooo BTU unit, now only 
179.88 

3o9.95 11,5oo BTU unit, now only 
279.88 

Mode! 2273 

3-DOORS AND ALL FROSTLESS 

WARDS BIG 22-CU. FT. REFRIGERATOR 

FREEZER FOR THE BIG FAMILY 

SAVE$5o 

REGULAR 289.95 15,ooo 
BTU AIR CONDITIONER 

Mod«l5639 

3 cooling speeds! Auto, ther- mostat lets you set, then for- get. Adjustable air directors. 23988 

• No messy defrosting chores... ever 
• Freezer section holds up to 237 Ibs. of food 
• 3rd door opens to ice, often-wanted foods 
• Refrigerator shelves adjust to accomo- 

 date big, bulky packages and tall cans 

• 7-day meat keeper stores your fresh meafs 
• On rollers-moves out easily for cleaning 39988 

$TOO OFF! 

25" DIAGONAL COLOR 

CONSOLE-REG. 569.95 
46988 

17324 
MODERN 

• 1-button automatically locks In color, 

 contrast, tint, brightness, AFC 

• 74% solid-state circuitry; instant-on 
• Tinted glass cuts glare, improves 

 contrast 

SAVE *5o 
279.95 CONSOLE HAS 8-TRACK 
AM/FM-STEREO RECEIVER, CHANGER 

Record changer shuts off entire system after last record. Hand- some console is 6o inches long. 
229' 

2324 Spanish Sfyle 

5 CYCLE WASHER-18 IBS. 18 IB. CAPACITY AUTO. DRYER 

• Handles all fabrics types - 2 cycles for permanent press, knits 
• 2-speeds; 4 water temps; 3 water levels; lint filter agitator 
• Fabric conditioner dispenser; deluxe backguard; color. 

88 
WASHER 

• 8 cu. ft. drum gives tumble room needed for wrinkle-free 

REo.269.9s drying • Regular, durable 

 press cycles; giant lint filter; color choice • Safety door; air duff; end of cycle signal; front servicing. 

Regular 229.95 gas dryer, now only 
179.88 

Regularly 469.9o electric pair, now only 
349.88 

Regular 499.9o gas pair, now only 
279.88 

2o9. 
149" 

DRYER 

REG. 199.95 

Son Anlonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14* 
1974 
Pag»3.J 

JUAN I). SOUS 

. positive self-identity 

By Yerqiilvi Sa'luzar 

Juan p. Soils was brought Up at a time when 

 he hud to overcome the quest for self-Identity and self-determination'.In light of a passive environment* 

He had tii overcome ilic 

.problems of discriminatory at- titudes of majority elements including 
. professional 

 dcscriminalhin and "gut level"- 

_ courage to forge ahead. 

Although born in a "culture, 

 of poverty" on March 8, 1921,.a member of a family of lO^and raised in a small agricultural community of Mission, his childhood was a happy one characterized with much 

 parental love. 

During his early childhood he 

 worked as newspaper boy, shot-shine boy and golf caddy 
"offering my parents what lit- tle financial help I could give them during the hitter years of the depression." 

"Thruughonl'lhe summer 

(luring my early school years 1 helped mil by working in the cotton fields and picking and packing vegetables in the area. 
I gained experience in (ruck driving and grocery delivery lo retailers throughout the Valley, and later as a salesman," recalls Solis. 

Education 

Sulis graduated from Mission 

High School and entered Edin- burg Junior College where he obtained his associate of arts degree in 19-1!). 

In 1953 he received his 13.A. 

 from Pan American College and in 1o58 he obtained his master of arts from Southwest 
Texas Stale University with a major in elementary education and a minor in methods and materials. 

He also1 holds-, (bo admjn'is- 

 tralor'.s certificate for public school principal and superin- tendent, lie was able. In complete' tiodi lii.s un- 

 dergraduate and graduate studies through aid granted him in the G.I. Hill of Rights. 
• While , teaching ' iu the 

McAllcn'Public-Schools he received a scholarship to at- tend the Universily'bf Califor- nia at U>s Angeles the summer of HUM iu a teacher's institute for English as a second Ian- 

GIVE MISTY LOVELINESS 
TO YOUR WINDOWS... 

 guage. 

While there he received 

 course instruction- In Spanish and 
English' ' linguistics, 

 methodology; processes, of ae- cullin-alion':anuVassiih Nation and nnthriipoolngy, 

State Posts 

In November I DOS he was ap 

 jiuinlcd'consultant for adult migrant, education, Texas 
EducationI Agency. In Sep- tember'.'iDjili, he was promoted lo slalc .director, Division nf 
Adult Migrant Education, and in December of IflliR, he was appointed iu slate program dirrctnr, Office of International anil trilingual Eilncalinn. 

In August 11172, lie assumed 

(he directorship of the 

Dissemination Center for 
Bilingual Bicnllural Ediiea lion, a program of nationa scope which serves as a deal- ing-house for bilingiial-bienl liiral education products ant: professional services. 

"The turning point in my life 

 was definitely myfe|>erience in the military service and liie resulting abilily to attend college Hi rough the G.I. Bill of lights. .... 

"Another turning' point was 

 my appointment as a ctmsul- laut with the >Slate Department 

SHEER UP TO 
2o FT. WID 

 f Kdncation and subsequent 
H'omolion tu slalc cdiicalimial rogram director. Office of In- crn'iitional and liilingual 
Mutation. 

Achievement 

Jlis part in Ihe pioneering ef- orls in the field of bilingual- licnltnral education is what nan D. Solis considers his no'sl important achievement. 

"My part in formulating 

 cgislative proposals resulting n our current statutes on bilingual education and 11 
,'ears teaching in Texas public jchools with predominately 
Spanish-speaking enrollments lave been important, ac- complishments in iny life." added Sulis. 

"Given the current momeii- 

.urn attained during recent rt'ars in the educational, sociu- cullural anil sucio-pulilical 

,i veil a and given Ihe present impetus toward cultural 

 iluralism in American, the 
Mexican-American is well on his way now toward a rightfully deserved and very exciting era of social, economic, pulieitcal and educational mobility," 
Soils said. 

His Goals 

His goals for Ihe Mexican- 

American are positive in- villvciiHHil in economic en- terprises; preservation uf lin- guistic and cultural heritage; c'untinuuiion of the current thrust toward sell-identity; and continued-positive contribu- tions'In American society and formulation of strategies for nnlicilica! unity w.iliiin and among liispanic gi'iiups in the 
.U.S. 

"Today, the greatest need of 

 minority group children Is to experience success in wha.1 they do. Nun-English speaking children must be helped to' grow intellectually as lliey experience linguistic growlh. 
Merely (aught to manipulate the English language is .simply not enough. 

"Positive s c l f - i d e n t i l y 

 emanates from a satisfying feeling of self wiirlli. Niitbing imparts Mils feeling uf self worth as does experiencing success in our endeavors," he continued. 

Solis is a member of the 

Texas Association for Hilingna! 
Education (TAHE); National 
Education Assucialion (NEA); 
Texas Stale Teachers Assoca- tion.(TSTA) and (lu> Classroom 
.Teachers Assocalion, 

1 Ho.is married to Ihe former 
Ma. I.nrcn/a Gunwales and has nine children. 

FABRIC NOW 

Our decorator will bring swatches to your home, for your selection and take exact measurements. 
He will show you style possibilities and the many marvelous colors available. Words expert craftsmen will create glamorous draperies or 

/ under-draperies in white or colors to your per- sonal specifications. 
Regularly 2.75 per yard (labor extra), now sale-priced 
2.o5 

Phone 736-4O68 today 

 for free estimates in the home 

 on Wards custom services 

Far-sighted shoppers seek "New Horizons" 

Multi-level loop styling makes 
Mulli-loncd carpet 

 carpet distinctive. jn several enchanting color schemes. 

1oo% nylon pil takes hard wear is easy-care 

StMU Oyster 
Bake Planned 

The 58,tli 'annual SI. Mary's University 

Oyster Bake, now a Fiesta Week event, will be held .Saturday. 

It will IH! ut Pecan Grove on 

 the school campus. Hours will tie I to 1o p.m. SrrvliiK will tici;iti at 'I p.m. and hist until 
Joml is depleted. 

The fuiiclion is s|)nnsnred by 

 tin! St. Mary's Alumni As- sociation. 

The K«\n will feature an 

 ample supply nf oysters, 

 shrimp, kahnbs, hamburgers, coni'iin-tho cob soft drinks and beer, said it niilvcrslly spokes- man. 
' 
' 

AfliTittiim acllvllles will 

Include KUino linnlhfi, inni'lrs mid music by Ihe university's 
Mai;i' Baud. 

Krec parking will |>i> availa- 

 ble mi the bit at Liiiiisliiim 
Street and West W llawji 

Avcinio. 

Tickets only for nyslurs nnd 

 shrimp nrr nnw available frnm 
Hie Alumni Office, (.'InimliiadR 
Hall nil cninpliH. Ciisl (s 

 pnr persnn. These tickets and those for other foods will be 
(ivallablo at Ihe bake. 

Call Words lo see swa Ichei and gel a free o 111 m a Ic. on carpeting and inilallarkxi. 

Hunting Banned 
In Bangladesh 

Concern over the threatened 

I'Xllnclhmnfscvcral.siK'clcshiis. 

 nnpli'il I lie recent presiden- 

 tial iiriUnnnce liannliiH the 

 tiliiiM and e.\|iui'lliiM al wild 

 animals In lian^hiih^li. 

Huyiil lU'iiKal llyers, snld In 

 immlicr-inil a few-years MKii, ure down lo tc\u'r limn :!IUI. 

If you are (join),' In buy large 

 portions |)f mertt such as a quarter ur hiilf nf beef, keep In niiiul llij'ri: Is.snbslimtlul loss In 
Irlmmliif! so.llml n qiinrler nf beef weighing I'25 pounds could trlmnnt loalHiiil87 iiiiiiiiils. 

Wards uncovers its selection of fine floor coverings. 
"Now 
Horizons" is 'a bright 

 example of our floorcoverings. But 
Ihero ore more. Our selection of stylos is sure to enhance any decor you want. In colors fo accentuate room tones. Strong, easy-caro fibers make a taught, long-lasting pile with backing to suit your needs. 
Select foam if you want to install if yourself. Select jute for those active spots that demand oxtra support. 
Romomber, when it's time to 

 redecorate, it's limo to call Wards. 

Tough jute luu: It holds pili: fast dospilo hard wear. 

CHECK WARDS OUTSTANDING LOW PRICE 

CHOICE 

37% 
OFF 

REGULARLY 7.99 SQ.YD, 

"Brentwood" of 

 polypropylene/nylon pile is dense. Multi-colored patterns stay bright with little care. 

"Toneelle" of'dense level loop, Cadon* nylon pile looks chic, takes wear! 
Foam back makes ins- 

 tallation easy. 
REG. 
5.99 

 i/t/Attrttt* WONDERLAND Shopping City Phone 736-4111 
W/\KLK*9 McCRELES$ shopping City .... phone 532-8881 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

 i 
ROOM SPARKLERS-WARDS 

STUNNING CRYSTAL CHANDELIERS 

14-LIGHT CHANDELIER 
CRYSTAL TRIMMINGS 
16988 

REG. 249.99 

Magnificent 
3 IVa" diam. Scrolled 

 cast-bronze arms; imported crystals. 
SAVE $8o 

BULBS EXTRA 

BJ6-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

Solid-bronze castings with 

 crystal pendants. 22" diam. 

-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

88 

Aurora borealis crystals/ 
'T '-'• 

 bronze frame; 2o" diam. 

-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

88 

Strass crystals; golden-fin- jshed body. 24" diameter. 

EJ6-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

REG. 174.99 • 
• m. mOO 

Regency style. Sparkling crystal pendants. 2o" diam. 

[B6-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

SAVE $5o 

Double-crown design. 14mm stress jewels. 24" diameter. 

6-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

88 

14mm strass jewel trimmings. 
Golden frame. 22" diameter. 

S-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

Maria Theresa style with aurora borealis crystals. 

4-LIGHT CHANDELIER 

88 
,':' 

Metal scrolls. Crystal bo- beches, chains. 18" diameter. 

WONDERLAND Shopping City .... Phone 736-4111 

McCRELESS Shopping City 
Phone 532-8881 

GOP Sets 
'Election 
Workshop 

. BoNiir. County' Renublicmis will hold primary 'cldelion workshop ill 7:3o-D:3o p.m. Mon- day. 

The worksliop will be spon- 

 sored by the Republican Parly 
Headquarters In San Antonio and llic 
Bexnr 
Counly 

Republican Women's Clubs. 

County Chiiirmnn Richard 

Kddleman Thursday said the workshop will be conducted by 
Brad 
O'Lcary, 
Gordon 

Warren, and Richard English, all of 
Hie slate party 

 lii'iidtniarlcrs in Austin. 

Jerry ICoplln, represcntliig 

Hie Bcxur County cleciion center, will conduct a school Ccr rlcclioii officials. 

The session in llic Gunler Ho- 

 tel's Nottli Terracu for anyone wanting to attend. It will include schooling on (he conduct of 
.precinctconvenlions. 

Two Honorces 

City Councilman Clifford Morton presents an Eagle 
Scout Award to John W. Thomas, 1 4, left. At the same ceremony Morton was made an honorary Boy Scout. 
1ROUNo 

By .ludy Zlpp 

It's almost time again for the 4th Animal 

Blanco Scout Water Festival to be held in 
Blanco State Park in Blanco. 

On May 3, -1 and 5 Scouts 

 from all over Texas will gallier for llic camp-Dill anil canoe race. Dcnionstralaions ot skills ami skils will be shown. 

The Alamo and Capitol coun- 

 cils at the Boy Scouts of 
America is sponsoring llic event in conjunction with tlic 
Blanco Chamber of Commerce. 

Advance registration must 

 be suhmilled to the Blanco 
Chamber office by April 26. 
The fee is $3 per Seoul or leader. 

 the first three place winners in the final race. 

City Councilman Clifford 

Morion was made an honorary 
Hoy Seoul at a recent Troop 8oJ 
Eagle Seoul presentation in the 
El Dorado Design Ccnler. 

Tlic award ceremony 

 honored John W. Thomas, 1-1, son of LI. Col. and Mrs. James 
A. Thomas of 1271o Prium Vis- ta. 
1 
Eagles 

• 
John is Ihe third member of 

'. his family to receive Ihe Uagle j Scout Award. He is a student at 

A 17-foot douhle-cnd canoe Mac-Arthur High School and 

Honors 

 will be awarded the first place winner of the canoe race and oilier prizes will be awarded to 

 hus received several Sconliny medals. 

Two Scouts ol Troop 

Stamps 
Thompson 

 received tlie 
Eagle 
Seoul 

Award last month. 

They are Tim Stamps and 

.Scntt Thompson. 

Tim, 1C, is the son of Mr. and 

Mrs. Doy W. Stamps of 5718 
Dan Duryca. A member of Ihe 
Order of Hie Arrow, lie has at- tended Philmont Scout Ranch in Xew Mexico. 

Scott, also 16, entered Scout- 

 ing in HlliS in Germany. He is a brotherhood member of the 
Order of the Arrow and luis traveled all over Europe. 

Sponsor of the Troop is St. 

.John's Methodist Church aiid 
Henry 1'iigel is Scoilljiiastcr._ 

Teachers Unit Sets Runoff 

San Antonio Teachers Conn 

 cil will hold a runoff election 
Tor president April 23 and 24. 

Candidates will be Samuel II. 

Kuykcndall III, Edison High 
School teacher, and lloyte 
Davis II, a Longfellow Junior lliyh School instructor. 

Results will be announced 

May .'I, said current president 
Krort HeinhiRer. 

Other officers for llic lf)74-7.> 

 school year include: Dolores lilanar, Highlands High School teacher, first vice president; 

Rumon Guerra. DC /.avala 
Elementary School, second vice president; 

Also. Palricia 
O'Uricn, 

Honham Elementary School, secretary; and Cary Jane 
U'hulcy, Page Junior Hiyh 
School, treasurer. 

New committee chairman 

 are: Frank Renfro, Highlands, buildings and grounds; Mrs. 
.C.eraldine Schneider, Cameron 
Elementary. citizenship; 

Dalena Nicksim, Huibank High 

Sclioul, international relations; 

Also. Mrs. Mildred Lylle. 

Cameron, legislative chair- man; 
Robert Wier. driver's 

 education, professional ethics; and Mary Jo Klingeman, Jef- ferson High School, teacher personal services. 

Officers serve two year 

 terms. They will lake office 
June I, said Kcininger. 

The council is composed of 

 some 2,:|oo San Antonio School 
District teachers. 

El International 

FOLKLORICO 
MEXICANO 

"The Costumes are out'of this world. 
The Performances Sharp and Infec- tious." 

.. . S.F. Chronicle 

With 

JORGE TYLLER 

 and 

DANIEL ARMS 

With a Company of 
7o Dancers - Singers 

 and Musicians 

ALL NEW - FIRST TIME IN SAN ANTONIO 

TUE., Apr. 23 Thru SUN., Apr. 28 

8 PM Nightly - 2 PM Matinee Sunday 

THEATRE OF PERFORMING ARTS 

Convention Center 

All Seats Reserved 
Children 12 & Under 

$I°°OH 

JOSKE'SIS OFFICIALTICKET HEADQUARTERS 

CHARGE YOUR TICKETS 
AT ALL THREE STORES 

MEMBER: FIESTA SAN ANTONIO COMMISSION 

 fSinfoniadela 
Resurreccion* 

For regla general, peraonolmente me encargo de hacer 

 la Introduccl6ii de las poeslas que comparto domlngo tras domlnfio c o n mis lectores. 
. 
. 
. 
. 

En csta ocnsldn hare una excepci6n y dari publlcad6n a 

 la que Incluyo el poela mexlcano Don Molsfa Espino del 
Castillo con su magnifies pocsla: 

•EXEGESIS 

"Con In convleelo'n Inalterable accrca de la resurreccl&n 

 del Scflor, hecho insblito 6ln el cual ae derrumbarla nuestra fe y la mlsma clvillzacl6n que nos tocar vlvlr por obra y graela de ese mllagro portcntoso, cs que hemos camblado de la "I6ntca" de la crucifixion por nn canto de vlda y csperanza, que no cs otra cosa sino la sinfonla elerna promisora de una vida m£s abundante y ver- dadoramente gloriosa, si nos atcnemos a lo que tantas vcccs hemos Icfdo en el texto sagrado en el sentido de que, si crcemos en Cristo como el Hljo de Dlos, y aceptamos quo El es la resurrecciin y la vida, de una manera ab- solute y sin lltubeos, entonces scremos verdaderamente librcs en la eclosidn gloriosa y sin igual de la vida eterna. 
Por supuesto, si no somos "mediocreyentes" por no deelr mecliocros, que por lo mismp seremos vomitados de su boca. Es por ello que, la crucifixion, en vez de muerte significa todo lo contrario: el resurgir nlmbado de luz a una vida realmente esplcndorosa." 

A continuacion su pocma: 

SINFONIA DE LA RESURRECCION 

Eo cl uiartirologlo del Scnor 

 hay un raro campas de slnlonia, cou arpcgios dc duke "Ave Maria" matizados dc Iftgrlmas dc amor. 

Pucs la cruz, instruincnto cxtraordlnarlo, 

 llcne la forma de losco diapason, con notas que cl "d I vino corazon" cntouo en la coliua del calvario. 

Es la boca de Dlos, que nos advlcrtc 

 cu un canto mortal, hello y sublime, que la cruz cs cl siguo que rcdimc del pecado, de sombras y de muerte. 

En cse Inccrantc pcntagrama 

 la Have que domina cs la de Sol que ilumlna la vida, en cl crlsol. del mas acompasado melodrama. 

El mlsterlo cs dc Dios y dc su luz 

 midie supo jamas como nacio, ni por que en sus dcslgiifos pennitfd cl que su Hijo muriera cu una cruz. 

Y la vida rcuueva su cancidu 

 cu la fe, como eterna garantla, coil la dulcc y sublime s info ma de las notas de su rcsurrecclta. 

Terminarela columnadeeste Domingo de Resurreccion 

 con un hermoso pocma al cstilo de romance, cscrito por la 
Musa de Latlnoamgrica, Sor Juana Infa de la Cruz y que trata dc uiio de los pasajes de la Semana Santa que precedicron a la crucifixion de Jesucristo: 

A SAN PEDRO 

Del dcscuido de uua culpa 

 un finllo, Pedro, os avisa, que aim lo irracioual rcprcndc a qutcc la razon olvlda. 

Que poco la Provldcncla 

 dc instrumcntos iicccslta pucs un ap<Sstot convlcrtc con lo que un uvc prcdlca. 

Exam en fue vucstra culpa 

 para vuestra prclncfa, que pcllgra dc muy recto qulen dc fragll no pcllgra. 

Timido mucve el Impulso 

 dc la mauo compasiva, qulen en su castigo proplo ticue del dolor notlcia. 

En las ajcnas flaquczas 

 slemprc la vucstra sc os plnta y.cl cstrucndo del que cac os rccucrda la caida. 

Asi tcmplan vucslros ojos 

 con la plcdad la justicla cunndo lloran como rcos los que como jucccs mfran. 

Winners Due Prizes 
In Cappy Dick Contest 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5—Sunday, April 14, 1974 
5-J 

STARTS TOMORROW! 

You save because we bought by the truckload! Big bargains for everybody—hurry in now! 

There ;irc local prizes in 

 store fur 1o yuiniB renders nf the Express-News ;is winners of Itic Cappy Dick Scrambled 
Uciir puz/lc. 

Tlie pii/nle cnnli'sl appeared 

 in lliu March 24 cdiliiin. 'I'lio winners receive I l l y Uilty 

The winners arc: 
Tracy llinli, in. 1o1o E. Sun- 

 dalwniMl Lime; Mury Cnsas, 12, 
•1o2 Marllsun SI.; Sully Mitchell, 
I), 239 Harrow; TnnyGarcln. 11, 
215 Cherry Hldgc; Carl John- sun', 7, 151 Moss Valley, im<l 
Kalliryn Garner, I I , 2o27 Kd- selilll Or. 

Also: (Jury Kdwards, 7, R. 3, 

San Ajitonlii; l.ce Ann Sluiw, o, 

Austin Center 
.Sets Open House 

• K l l u 
Austin Community 

Center will liulil mi npeii liimsc from -I lo U:M P."). I't'lilny at 
Ilic auimcy's iiniicx, 1o2:1 N. 
1'liic SI. 

Ditiplnys Irinii viirliius ur- 

 tiiinl/iilliiiis In Ilic cily will bo cxhlbllcd. 

Cox (131, Hoeriie; Steven Power, 
12, 12o,1 Houston St., Carri/o 
Springy, and Shirley .larzom- bck. 12, Box 275, Kails Cily. 

Winners of 
Hie national 

Kr.iml pri/cs in Ilic .same con- test arc Diiwn .Innrs, II), Clittnn 
Tail;, N.Y.; Claudia Smith, I), liolln'l, Conn.; Susan Wcisser, 
», Liniciistcr, I'll.; Patricia 
Smith. .11, Valley Stream, N.Y.; lU'hrccn fircone, 7, Hales 
Corners, Wis.; LymMle 1m- dli-lic, 1o, Mclrosc, Minn.; Bill 
Kolodny, 8, Freehold, -N.J.; 
I.ynn Wilder, 12, Mldlolhfnti, 
Va.; Chuck Mallry,!), Frceporl, 
III., iiml Durbiiivi lirlsus, 1o, St. 
I.ouis, Mo. ICudi will receive 
Ilic 22-vnluinc World Hook En- cyclopudln, liiclndlni,' lU'searcti 
(illlllc/llldi'X. 

All Ilic winners will receive 

Ihcir jiri/cs liy miiil. 

SAVE $ 

FIBERGLASS OR 

METAL TURBO VENTS 

YOUR CHOICE 

2 FOR 

INSTALLED 

REGULARLY 2 FOR 72.93 

INSTALLED ON 

AVERAGE ONE-STORY 

HOME IN SAN ANTONIO 

Conserve energy; and save on your air conditioning bills at the same time by installing Wards wind-operating turbo vents. 

San Antonio 
Itetuliira' Mnrl 

(P*nw r* Nnon) 
(N*n Ctm^inlol) 
Want Ads 
Warrfi lOYImcx 

91.oo 

Call 225-1446 

A.G.A. 

CERTIFIED 

DESIGN 

WARDS HAS GAS WATER HEATERS 

FOR AS LOW AS 74.94 

ALL OF OUR GAS MODELS HAVE: 

• 
Glass-lined insulated tanks. Built-in gas pressure regulator to assure top efficiency. 

• 
Separate relief, valve opening for easy, fast installation. High temperature gas cut-off. 

3o GAL GAS "5oo" 

5-yr guar. tank. Copper-lined steol nipples, stainless steel cold water inlet tube resists corrosion. Heals 

. ' 
37.8 gallons of water/hr. 

REG. 84.95 
4o gal. model, reg. 94.95, 
79.88 

WARDS BEST 3o-GAL 
GAS WATER HEATER 

Tworstep burner -provides even gas build up, quiet ignitions for top performance. 
Heavy-duty 

 cast-iron'burner. Four-inch flue provides large heating surface. 
Fast 44.5 GPH recovery rate keeps:y.ou in hot. water con- stantly. 

REG. 1o5,95 

II5:95,.4p-gaf. "7oo", now 
99.88 

J29.95, 5o-ga/. "7oo", now 
119.88 

WONDERLAND Shopping City Phone 736-4111 

McCRELES$ Shopping City .... Phone 532-8881 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Educators Political Action Council 

 tiiJorses 

U.S. CONGRESS 

HENRY B, GONZALEZ (D) 2oth Dist. 
NELSON WOLFF (o)21 it Diit. 
CHICK KAZAN (D) 23rd Dist. 

STATE SENATE 

OSCAR CARR1LLO, SR. (D) 21st Dist. 
PATRICK L. SEARCY (R) 21st Dist. 

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 

FRANK MADLA (D.) 57A 
ALBERT D. BROWN, JR. (D) 57C 
JOSEPH F. SAGE (D) 57C 
RONALD BIRD (D) 57D 

G. T. SUTTON (D) 57E 
JAMES R. NOWLINIRJ57F 
ABRAHAM D. RIBAK (D) 57G 
MIKE PAGONIS (R) 57G 
JOHN E, STACEY (D) S7H 
JEFFREY WENTWORTH (R) S7H 
BOB VALE (D) 571 
JOE L. HERNANDEZ (D) S7J 
MATT GARCIA (D) 57K 

STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION 

TIMMYELROD |D) 21st Dist. 
WINNIE DORIA (D) 2oth Dist. 

 to be honored at a 

Candidate's Breakfast—Canyon Creek Country Club 

April 2o. 1974 1o:3o A.M. 
924-4252 for Reservations 

PoGlkol Advertiicmcnl paid lor by Edu'catori Polilkal Action Council W. Patrkk Shannon Chairman, 5oo W. Formula Blvd., San Antonio. Texas 
78221. PubEihui in the E<prm-Nt«i, Avsiuie [& Third. Jan Antonio. Tcxai 78297: 4/14/74. 

Case May Bring 
Abortion Ruling 

BOSTON (AP) - A Harvard 

University niedleal 'nulliority says that'a basic/issue left un- resolved by the U.S.'Supreme 
Court's ruling on abortion may l>o decided following llie In- dictment ot a Boston physician in connection with a legiil abor- tion. 

Dr. Kcnnelti Eilelln, chief 

 resident in obstetrics and gyno- cology at Boston City Hospital, is charged witti manslaughter 
In the death of a "baby boyV after an abortion performed at 
Ihe hospital last October. •. 

Hospital officials have sus- 

 pended Edelin. Two .other hos- pital physicians indicted on charges of illegal dissection of fetuses in a separate case 

 have been suspended. 

Dr. Steven L. Sallzman, pres- 

 ident of the Boston City Hospi- tal House Officers Association, said 
Edelin 
Was suspended 

 without pay in an "l|t-a<lvlscd and inappropriate" move by of- ficials. 

"As far as we can ascertain, 

Dr. Edelin was performing Ills duties in accordance with ac- cepted gynecological practices throughout 
Boston and (lie 

 country and within llie recent 
U.S. 
Supreme Court guide- 

 lines," SaUzinnn said. 

The district attorney's office 

 has refused to disclose "the manner and means" of llie death of the 2-i-week-old fetus. 
Asst. Dist. Atty. Newman A. 
Flanagan said an investigation began after his office learned no death certificate had been filed for the fetus. 

AAQNTGOA/VERY 

OUR FINEST TIRE... 
STEEL-TRACK BELTED 
GRAPPLER RADIAL 

BELTED OR NON-BELTED TIRES 

GLASS-TRACK BELTED TWIN GUARD 
OR 4-PLY POLYESTER CORD POLY - TRACK 
CUSHION RIDE- REG.$27TO$4o EA. 

@2 
HUSKY 

"STEEL" BELTS 
FOR STRENGTH 

® 2 POLYESTER 
CORD PLIES FOR 
RIDING COMFORTl ion 

TUIIUSS 
WKHCWAU piice 
EACH' 
$54 
$57 

$66 
$7o 
$74 

. . 
.- 

:,; .AfB-iS-HlUBELESS 

"T-f"BiACKVVALlpLUS 

^W^-.SCSf..sV »i 'i X 

FAST FREE MOUNTING! 

WARDS 4-PLY NYLON 
CORD AIR CUSHION 

A78-13 TUBELESS 
BLACKWALL 
PLUS 

1.78F.E.T. EACH 

REG. 
AND TRADE-IN tow 
PRICE 

2 FIBER GLASS BELTS 
HELP DELIVER ROAD- 
GRIPPING TRACTION. 
FOR 

2 STURDY POLYESTER 
CORD BODY PLIES FOR 
COMFORTABLE RIDING. 

E78-14*t, F78-14*t TUBELESS BIK. 
PLUS 2.24 TO 2.5o FEDERAL EXCISE 
TAX EACH AND TRADE-IN TIRES 

TUHLESS 
BLACITWAIL 

SUE 

 tOW MICE 

EACH* 

FOR 

FAST FREE 

MOUNTING 

G78-14*t,G78-15*t, 
H7B-I5+tTBLS. BLK. PLUS 2.55 TO 
2.97 F.E.T. EA., TRADE-IN TIRES 

WHITEWALLS AVAILABLE IN 
MOST SIZES *3 MORE EACH 

Wards finest non-belted tire. 4 body plies of popular polyester cord for durability, a great ride. 

THE STOPS YOU DEMAND 
AT THE PRICE YOU LIKE! 

WARDS DELUXE BRAKE SHOES 

Dual-friction linings give sure stops with minimal grob to renew your braking confidence. 

DISC BRAKE PADS 

Improves stopping power. 

WARDS 12-POINT 

BRAKE INSTALLATION! 

TWO WHEEL 
SErEXCH. 

TWO WHEEL 
SET 

88 

FOUR DRUMS 
LABOR ONLY 

• Install shoes 
• Rebuild all four 

 wheel cylinders 

• Inspect master 

 cylinder 

• Arc grind linings 
• Inspect bearings 

PARTS 
AND LABOR 

• Repack frt. bearings 
• Inspect hardware 
• Adj. parking brake 
• Inspect seals 
• Turn all drums 
• Add brake fluid 
• Road-test car 

WARDS DISC BRAKE SPECIAL 
2 discs, 2 drums $49, Parts Extra 

WARDS GET AWAY 36-MONTH 

GUARANTEED BATTERY 

SAVE S4 

WARDS lATTtRT FROHUION PUH 

 o^«ry Ward »J replace \\\ bolffy ol «O toil 

 d ihf origins! ownef iF 11 falli la accept or.d Ko'rf a hsrgt in ntyvror-nertisl pQLttngir cai «• d.rllj 
\* Fit* R»p'(K«-r«M Period i\t>*n~. 

TOML GUAIANfU PtBIOD.6o 48 42 36 1* 

FREE KriACEVENT PERIOD. ?4 16 12 9 A 3 Mr,-. 

AFft* I hit peiiod, to .he er.d of 'ha Qjorc-ats 

«ry W<xd w^l rtplsce i*ii bclleiy, tho/girg 

GrJy o pro-ro'«d o-ievr lor rt,« i:<ni i'nc» pwtkair, bsitd cr, ihi tvtitrl (tov/ar letlwtg ofct ft it Ucd*-Io. 

L,I« Ii cf.fnid c\ ma i.i en/ vth'tf* fci b'Kir ISs 
{a-Ai cr poiicxioJ uie. for i»itko urdtr IKii gi-nic«'e«, ic'j'n bailoy wit 

 of do'* cf JH,remote ro o*f WWgc-ti 

REG. U2.9J 

EXCM. 

WARDS T&C SHOCK WITH 44% 
MORE BOUNCE-CONTROL, 7.99 EACH 
Larger, heavy-doty piston gives more bounce-control than your originals 
A.*' 

 for more comfort. it 

SAVE 2.61 ON 
SCISSOR JACK 
3ooo-lb.cap. 
Makes tire Q88 changing easy. * 

'BABY DOC'DUVAL1EU 

.. . president of Haiti 

?Baby Doc' 
Keeps Firm 
Grip on Job 

POUT AIT PRINCE, Haiti (AP)-Three 

 years after becoming president at age 2o, 
Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier has a firm grip on his job. 

Things are also looking up| 

 for Haiti, according to Haitian and diplomatic sources. 

Tourists are back and the 

 economy is beginning to take a turn upward. Tile 23-year-old president is seeking ways In give the black majority a greater return from any future prosperity. 

Bui Haiti remains (lie poorest 

 country in this hemisphere, w i t h a majoriy of its five million people earning less tlian SltKI a year. 

"The president is in charge, 

 learning his trade and IH.TOIII- iny a real political leader," one diplomat .said. 

Times Change 

"Tlie time of the beatings on 

 the street, random arrests without charges, killings and llie entering of homes after 

REG. 26.99 
EXCHANGE 

Polyproplene case holds more plates than rubber 

 cases for more power. 

Up to 3o5 cranking 

 amps gives super starts. 

With great energy reserves. 
Iv sizes to fit most U.S. cars. 

GET AWAY 24-MO. 

BATTERY 

Ruhbor-casarf, economy, power. 
Up to 
23o 

 cranking amps, 22F, 24, 

4.99 GAS CAN- 
HOLDS 21 GAL. 
G r o a t f o r emergencies; 
O88 

 no-drip spout. 

• LACKLAND PLAZA • RANDOLPH PLAZA 

674-7511 
658-6256 

WONDERLAND 
736-4111 

• McCRELESS 
532-8881 
WARDS 

 dark is part ufllic past. 

The envoy, who asked not to 

 he identified, was referring to 
Haiti under Francois "Papa 
One" Duvalier, president, for life. 1'apa Dot' died nil April 21, 
11171 and thai was the day his sun took over and himself lu'c.imc president for life. 

A H a i t i a n close lo 
Ihe 

 government said that while liaby Doc is on the way to becoming a political force in bis own right he still is only a symbol of power in this Carib- ln'iin republic which shares Ihe island of Ilispaniola wilh the 
Dominican Kepublic. 

He added, however, the 

 young president, one day will have Ihe full political power that his father had. 

3 Presidents 

"In Haiti," the informant 

 said, "we say there are three presidents at the palace." 

One is Jean-Claude, another 

 is his mother, 
Simnnc 

Hiivalior, the widow of I'apa 
Due, and (he third Is 1'anl 
Hlanchel who recently became defense minister, the source added. 

"Duvalier probably ulll nol 

 allain full power nnlil his mother dies. Then (here will be no need for a (bird president," 
(he source asserted. 

When .Ican-Chnide came inlo 

 the presidency there were quid expressions of douht Unit he could fulfill his role because of his lack of experience and a complete education. 

Hut he lias shuffled his 

 cabinet Ihree times without difficulty and llie economy Is improving. 

Tourism Up 

Tourism was up r>(l,B per cent 

In 11172, the liil,esl figures available. 
(,'imslnicllon" 

Increased 21.'I per cent nnd manufacturing 8.7 per cent In the same year. Statistics In terms of dollars to ilcninnslratc 
Ibis growl)) are not available, however. 

The KovurnmciiL's chief 

 thrust now Is in economics nnd nol pnllUcH. Oiiu of Uuviiller's 

 programs is lo give more economic power lo (be nation's black majority. At present, the wealth is controlled by a group of mulattos and nonblacks who make np abiinl four per cent of the population. 

A diplomatic source sail! 

 young Duvalier "no longer must deal with political in- fighting that occurred when 1o armed attempts were made lo overthrow Papa Doc's govern- ment." 

Papa Doc reigned from lilo? 

 until he died. 

The Duvalier name and the 

 legacy of Papa Doc have helped 
Jean-Claude in his three years in the presidency, Ihe Haitian source .said. 

"The name Duvalier . . . 

 brings our people together," the source added. 

French artisans are at work 

 now on a $1 million mausoleum near Ihe presidential palace. It will Ire completed in about six months and then Ibc body of 
Papa Doe will l>e moved from a grave in the Port an Prince cemetery am! placed there as its final resting place. 
_ 

Winds Help 
Dissipate 
Spilled Gas 

CLARKSVILLP:, MO. O\P) - 

Brisk winds helped dissipate an estimated G.OOO gallons of gaso- line spilled into the Mississippi 
River here Saturday. 

The g.ixnlmc leaked into Ihe- 

 water early in the day wlicii ;\ fuel bai-Rc hit Ihe outer wall of 
Lock 2-1 near here. 

Officials said the collision 

 opeiled a crack in the barge about four feet lung and [wo inches wide allowing (lie gaoline lo flow into [he lock and the river. 

"It was pretty risky there for 

 a while," said loekmaster Dan 
Buckley. "Tlie fumes wero hanging low over the water and 
Ihe smell of gasoline was heavy all along the riverfront." 

Buckley said officials feared 

 the gasoline would Ignlle- while 
It was .sllll conccntrnlcii near the dam. "We couldn't cvenop- 
.eratc any of our machinery because we were a f r n i d [be whole llilng would j;o up," lie said. 

The Coast. Guaiil closed the; 

 river l>elwcon locks 2-1 inuiaifnr most of the day, a spokesman 
HiilJl, until Riisly winds (,11111- nlong to help spread mil itic gasoline and i! va|mi iile li. 

Buckley Bald II would "evapo. 

 rale mid probably won't even lx- nollcnble 
(K'ft 
Milieu dnwn- 

Nlrenm from llie t,plll," 

Authorities rc|Knled tm In- 

Juries nlMnrdlhi! low Ixwt. 

ClnrkHvUlc In alxjiil GO mllen 

I noitlioKSU-mib. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

SALE PRICES GOOD 
THRU TUESDAY, APRIL 16TH. 

 f. 
$• 

Satisfaction Guaranteed • Replacement or Money Refunded 

 it's our af teTeaster sale and it's a value s 

 toddlers' & infants' ladies' and teens' thong sandals 

22 

 famous chef 8-pc 

 cookware set 

||97 
• • Regul 

 capehart 42" stereo 

 console with 8-track player* 

Regularly 18.99 
I 
Smart 42" credenza with AM/FM multi- 

• plex, 4-speaker system, BSR changer 
I . and 8-track tapeplayer.Pecan finish.159 

Heavyweight aluminum cookware set includes 
2-quart covered saucepan, 3 quart covered combination cooker, 5 quart covered dutch oven and a 1o" open fry pan. Super value. 

Tough grain vinyl wilS durable crepo solo 
(or comlort and safety. Adjustable buckle for Hire lit, While only, Sizes 3-9. 

Lealhcr uppers, fashionable Ihortg slyle wilh adjustable buckle. Made in Italy. 

 strong sturdy ironing board 

97 

• Regularly 4.57 

Sturdy, metal ironing board adjusts to height most com- fortable for you. Save big now. spray enamel 

 storage chest 

"Festival of Flowers" design. 
Strong fiber board. Two handles. 24 1/2x11x14 1/2. craft & rug yarn 

BT 

Easy-care Acrrlansacrylic in easy-to-use pull skeins. 
Snow, carnation, flame, off white, black, navy, sun- set, camel, pansy, more. 

. T.M. P/.oiisanlo 

**»»»«»»»»•***»*««»»««»^ »«»«»»•«•«»»•»»««««• 

Regularly 
97C skein 

6-pCi bath ensemble 
677, special price 

IGLOO 

48 Qt. ice chest 

Includes 4o qt. sit-on ham- per, holder & brusl), 12 qt. waste basket, 12 oz. tumbler, tissue box holder and soap dish. Avocado, white, yellow or blue wickerweave. 

Clear crystal shoe boxes tor organizing shoes and keeping . your closets neat. Hurry over. 
Regularly 49C each 

SAVE 3 1C TO 6.1C 

 plastic 

 assortment 

YOUR CHOICE 

7ox. madeans toothpaste 
Regularorspearmint. 
J_ 
-_ 

Reg. 79C each '2 for'l 

SAVE NOW! i 

1oo count anacin 

Analgesic tablets for pain. 

Regularly 1.27 

 tuaii zoom n 

 power 

 groom dryer 

7oo walls. Styling brush and 3 comb attachments. 

Regularly 1.19 to 1.49 
SAVE NOW! 

 aqua net hair spray 

Regular or super hold. ^ 
'*»A> 

16 oz. 
Reg. 67C each 2 (or Tr™* 

•FLIP TOP BASKET 
• 6 GAL. TRASH CAN 
• UTILITY TUB 
•RECTANGULAR DISH PAN 
• LAUNDRY BASKET 
• 16QT.PAIL 
SAVE NOWi 

 balsam shampoo 

16or.Woolco'sown. mm* 

Regularly87C 54C 

SAVE 62C 

 hoi karate combination 
CHECK entire system for leaks. Check and" fill compressor 

 with oil, if needed. Evacuate system if necessary and' refill 

 system with freon. 

Service While You Shop 

 extension cord 
719 

4 oz. after shave and shave creme. 
Regularly 1,75 mist speed 

Touch'n tilt feature, jumbo hood, remote control. Dries fast. 

 onsehi foamina 

 bath oil 

64-oz. 
Jugs 

3-wlro outdoor un- breakable vinyl cord. 
Is 5o foot. Super buy. 

JUST SAY... 

CHARGE IT! 

271o 

Austtn Highway 

 at Walzem Road 

48o3 West Commerce 

Cross Roads 

Shopping Confer 

527 Fair Avwwe 

Fair Park 

Shopping Center 

2214 S.W. 

Military Drive 

SHOP 9:3o A,M.-9:3o P.M. MON.-SAT. 

 r 

1oo Gill Rood 

(Adjacent to Wonderland) 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

8-J 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14. T974 

RCA moves 1OO 

 energy, 

April, 1974, As if inflation weren't enough, there's an energy shortage, too. RCA is acting to help the situa- tion. Here's what we're doing, and what it means to you. 

We'll make only XL-1QQ, 1oo% solid state sets. Nothing less. Over the next 6o days we're ending the manufacture of all sets that have chassis tubes. 

RCA tests prove that our solid state sets 

 use from 22% to 48% less electricity than comparable RCA tube-type models. 

Putting it another way: Many of our 

25-inch solid state color consoles use little more electricity than a 15o-watt light bulb. 

There's always a better way. Twenty years ago we made our first color TV's. Good as they were then, we immediately set out to make them better. 

We've done the same ever since. 
That's why, along with the move to 1oo% 

 solid state, we're taking another step toward the better. 

Most TV makers (ourselves included) 

 have offered more than one line of color TV's. 
This happens by putting major features in some sets, lesser features in other sets. 

RCA is breaking with this common industry 

 practice. We're standardizing on major features to improve our quality level, hot to mention making it easier for you to know what you're getting. 

From now on, all RCA color sets will be 

1oo% solid state. All sets will have our finest picture tubes. All sets will have automatic fine tuning. 

We're the only domestic full-line TV maker 

 to make these features standard across-the-lirie. 

Can RCA's new policy really save you money? We think it can. Electricity savings aside, our experience shows that RCA solid state sets will need less service than our tube-type sets. 

Chassis tubes are a leading cause of 

TV repairs, and solid state sets use transistors rather than tubes. 

Then too, the modular design of our solid 

 state circuitry is simpler, so servicing is usually easier. 

 hone of this can change the.fact that a 

.1oo% solid state XL-1oo costs more to buy than a tube-type set. 

But when you add the servicing advan- 

 tages of 1oo% solid state with the electricity savings, we strongly feel that an XL-1oo will put you ahead in the long run. 

Haste makes waste. With regrets, we're doing away with "instant-on" (the feature that lets you pull a button and get an instant color picture). 

Most people don't know it, but "instant- 

 on" uses electricity when the set itself isn't playing. With an energy shortage going on, we have to admit that's wasteful. 

But even small clouds can have silver 

 linings. Waiting those few seconds will save additional electricity. 

It's not our first "first'.' RCA pioneered color TV back in 1954. 

Over the last few years, as we've refined 

 our solid state technology, we've built and sold more 1oo% solid state sets than any other domestic brand. 

And since we're in the TV business, 

 were especially proud of our ranking among 
TV experts: the people who make their living in color TV. 

In one category after another—TV chief 

 engineers, independent TV service tech- nicians, TV directors, senior TV cameramen 
—more of these experts own RCA than any other color TV. 

So while we're announcing another "first" 

 today, we'd like to keep it in perspective. 

After all, in color TV, we were first from 
. 

 the very beginning. 
RC/1 

XL-ioa 
1oo solid state. 
And nothing less. 

Simulated TV Reception 

Tiir.SUNDAY 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

April 14, 1974 

H 
SPORTS 

Cook's 
Tour 

By Dan Cook 

The Inventor 

It's nice to be wanted but a lot depends on 

 who wants yon and what they want yon for. 

Sumo folks think it's unfair 

I hi; way the new World Foolball 
League keeps slcaling [rnm Hit 
1 

 f);illas Cowlxiys and ignores Hie 
Houston Oili!rs. 

The reason for this should lie 

 miner nhvimis. It's the same reason children nf paupers don't nflen Ret kidnapped. Tor lliiit matter, if Oiler owner Bud 
Adams paid close attention lo his team's play in recent years he'd probably welcome.a raid from the WI'L. Or maybe even the Symhiunese army. 

Bui bagmen from the \VI-'I. 

 finally did illli into the Oiler well although (hey left with only a second or third siring quarterback, Kdd Hargclt. 
Largely because of hum knees and .slow feet, Edd wasn't scheduled for big things with the Oilers but he did get a husky chunk from the World 
Football League. 

The tactics of Ihu WI'L are 

 rather obvious. Attempting lo destroy [he best of the NFL, they're riddling holes.in the 
Miami Dolphins and Dallas 
Cowboys. They've been shying away from most of (he Redskin 

 stars because they can't use any they sign now until 1975 and by then nearly ill) of 
Washington's starters will he in wheelchairs. George Allen hasn't been emphasi/ing youth. 

As you must know by now, 

Gary Davidson is the inventor of the WFL. 

It's not nice lo rush around 

 knocking people you don't know and 1 certainly don't know Mr. Davidson. Bui, to be honest, I don't think 1 like him. 

You can't liad-moufh a guy 

 for trying lo make a buck in tins country. America's entire economic system is iiullt on tree enterprise and oii' 

 competition. Davidson is com- peting iu Ihe most American type manner. 

But it's rather obvious lhat 

 his heart and mind are nol in the professional sports he pushes. They stay on the ever- widening path hu makes lo the bank. 

As mentioned, there's 

 nothing wrong with thai. lint 
I'll like him and his motives more if he'd slay longer wilh a league he starts and help it glow, instead of planting the seeds, pocketing Ihe money and galloping on lo new fields. 

Davidson started the 

American Basketball Associa- tion and (lie World Hockey 
League before turning his or- ganizational talcnls to football, liach time out lie's a solid un- derdog bril now he's balling two for two so lie's all warmed up for Ills biggest effort. 

A Inl of people could go bust- 

 ed in this WFL deal but David- son is nol among that group 
His comes off the lop before 
Iliey slarl so lie, the founder, is the only one who's not risking anything but lime. 

Unlike Halas 

If Davidson had been living 

1oo years ago he'd have followed (he pioneers west and after they blazed the trails he would have rushed in and bought their horses. He would have roped off the tree areas while they set up camp and then sold 'cm firewood. 

You jusl can't compare him 

 lo a guy like (,'corgc Halas, who 
Invested his life forlunr and then his life in Ihe N!''L. Or even lo a man like Cllnl 
Murrhlson, who p o n r r d 

 millions of dollars a hit many years into the purchase and liulldlng of the 
Cowboy 

 franchise. 

 lint in (he long haul Davidson 

 might realize more profit from football. He'll certainly get a 
([iiickcr return on his efforts. 

Davidson knows that this na- 

 tion is loaded with wealthy men wliu would dearly love In own a professional s]xirls team, lie's jusl the first promoter to provide different price tags, a pro (cam of sumo sort lo suit every fal wallet. 

After the -sale, baby, you're 

 nn youi- own. And don't expect any refunds because by (his lime noNl year Davidson will he organizing soccer in Saratoga or lacrosse in Louisiana. 

Television Needed 

And jusl what are the 

 chances for success fur Ihe new 
WFL, Ihe circuit that keeps shocking fans with raids into 
Ihe NFL camps ? 

Well, they're excellent, if 

 each loam owner is prepared lo 
Mow about sl\ million dollars hrforo taking a dime's worth of pure profit. Otherwise-, Ihe chances are thinner lhan jusl slim. 

The key lo Ihe whole Ihing is 

 national television contracts anil (hat's high among [lie tilings Ihe WFL does nol have and is nol likely lo gd. 

Sure, the Hughes iclevision 

 network will handle many WFL games, lint where is il going (u handle them ? 

The three biggies, CHS, NUC 

 anil Mil', already lake various porlions of NKI, football and two of Ihe three have already made II crystal clear that they won't take kindly to any of their affllates-llke KKNS, WOAI. and KTSA here—Mint dump llielr network shows to n\c- 
Hughes' offering of WFL ac- llon. 

II wiin'l lie easy. Ihil then II 

 never is easy In gel a new pro 
ICPKHI! off the ground. It's easy nnly for Davidson, who rounds up Hie new glint;, cnlleels Ihcir dues and Ilien dashes In fresh ureas. Hu seems In pause only fur stops nl Ihe hunk. 

Mnybc Im's gol the right 

Idea, Mnylio Hide's plenty lo 
HI) around. Miiylte lie's Hie IM'HI 

 thing lo happen lo pro sports. 
Ik' certainly .shakes the es- tablishment and lie never stays in one place long enough lo 

 ecome a pan of Ihe es- 

 tablished. 

MaylK' I'll like him belter if 

 and whi'ii 1 nit-el him. Maylie, hut I doubt it. 

Pro Basketball 

Outdoors. 

% 

 swswtt^wsKm-w^^ 
StocktonKeeps 
Masters9 Lead 

Player 
Rallies 

AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) - Dave Stockton is 

 cooly confident he can find the answer to Gary 
Player's bid for (he 1974 Masters crown. 

Player Studies Drive 

Gary Player studies his drive to the 18th green Saturday during third round action in the Masters golf tournament at the Augusta National Golf Club. —AP 
Wirephoto 
Spurs Eye 
ABA Draft 

Wednesday 

Ky Barry Hobinson 

OF ThIE EXPRESS-HEWS STAFF 
Their season com- 

 pleted, the San An- tonio Spurs now turn their attention to 

Wednesday's 
ABA 

 draft. 

The drafl is scheduled to he 

 held Wednesday at 11 a.m. in 
New York with assistant coach 
Rudy Davalos and general manager 
Jack 
Ankerson 

 representing Ihe Spurs at (he evcnl. 

San Antonio returned home 

 one hour early Saturday after 
Friday's heartbreaking loss 
(fiti-79) to Indiana in llic seventh game of their first-round playoff. 

Nissalke 

Coach Tom Nissalke and for- 

 ward George Gervin didn't make Ihu trip back. Nissalke flew home lo Madison, Wiscon- sin early Saturday lo pick up his family and Gervin mel his molhcr and friends after 

'Friday's loss and immediately drove home to Detroit. 

Nissalke has planned one last 

 event for his team before lul- ling 
Ihe players scalier 

 wherever they wish. A learn meeting is planned for 5 p.m. 
Monday anil Pearl Brewery is giving a parly for (he Spur or- gani/alion lalcr Unit evening. 

Davalos, meanwhile, is con- 

 centrating on (he drafl. . 

The draft actually will start 

 in Ihe third round since Ihe first Iwo rounds of ill ailing was 

In N. Y. 

 done in a secret session at an 
AliA trustees' meeting in 
March. 

AliA officials have never ad- 

 millcd Ihal a secret drafl existed, hut they no lunger deny it. Ankcr.son said he would not deny that two rounds have already been done. 

No Pick 

S.A. did not have a firs! 

 round pick—il went In Virginia in the deal for Swcn iNaler. 

In Hie second round of Ihe 

 sccrel draft it is believed Ihal 
Ihe Spurs drafled Leonard 
Robinson of Tennessee Stale. 
He is a C:8. 235-pound I.illle 
All-America who averaged ahnul 25 points and 18 rehounds per game in his last Iwo seasons. 

Davalo.s would nol confirm 

 dial the Spurs drafled Uob'in- son, but he would not deny il, either. Ho did say, however, lhat "our primary objective was to go after a physical fur- ward." 

"Our firsl couple of picks 

 will he forwards," he added. 

Davnlos noted, however, that 

San Anlonin Isn't as concerned wilh the draft as most other learns. S.A. has a young team and shelled out over one-hair million (Inliars gelling Natcr and (Jervin alone. 

Il's probably .safe to assume 

I hat. Ihe Spur management 

See SPUHS, Page IK 

LA Dumps Astros, 

6-3 

Dodger starter Dun Sutlon, 

 after a shaky slarl, .sclllud down In register his third con- secutive victory of (he young season. 

Lns Angeles knocked mil 

 llouslon slarter Don Wilson 

HOUSTON (AP) - Dave Lopes and BUI 

Buckner each drove in two runs in a five-run fourth-inning rally that lifted Los Angeles past Houston 6-3 Saturday night. 

 run in the f i f l h on Joshua's double following Oarvcy's single. 

The Astros jumped on Sutlon 

 fnr twn runs in the first Inning on C'esnr Ccdcno'.s single nflcr a walk, Hoger Met/gcr's single and n wild pilch. 
. Hong Under knocked in the 
Astros' third run wilh a single 
In Ihn sKlli, 

The Astros appeared lo hnvo 

Sullon nn Ihe ropes early. He walked loadnff miin (ircg Cirnss and Mcl/ger followed with n single. 

.Sutlim Ihcn wild pllchril lhi> 

 runners up n base mid Cedciin brmiKlil them hmne wilh his double In left, 

After Godwin slnlc second, 

Sulton Boi lini) Wntsoti on n grmmdcr (n flrsi, nindo Mill 

W'llh five runs on five lills'in the fourth after he had held them to Hint point.• 

 lion Ccy, .Inn Kergnson and 

Steve (iarvey nprncd the fourth wilh .singles for Ihe first rim.' 
Vnn .Inslinn forced (iarvey hill 
M i l l Htisscll walked, loading 
Hie bases. 

U'llsDii struck oul finllon hut 

I.npi's delivered a two-run single which lied the score inn I liuckner follnweil wilh n 

Iwnrini double. 

The Dodgers scored imnllier 

Mny pop out and gul Lee May In ground nut. 

Wilson hud allowed throe 

 walks hul no hils going into Ihe fourth. 

I.opcs and Hnckner walked 

 with two mil in the third blithe gol Jimmy Wynn on a grounder to short. 

The Aslrns threalcned mildly 

 off Siitton In the seventh but were unable lo score. 

Motzgcr collected a two-nut 

 double nff the glove of lefl fielder Joshua hul Sultmi struck oul Cedeiin in end Ihe inning. 

Lee 
Mny, 
Codeno and 

Mcl/ger nil had two hits In leinl 
Ihe Astros' iiltactf. Giirvcy was 
(lie nnly Dodger lo get lo safe, tits. 

The In tennis conclude their 

Ihree-ganie series here Sun- day, bi'Klnnlnt! nt 2:o5 p.m. 

Aeros Rout 
Jets, 1o-1 

HOUSTON (AP) - llouslon 

 center Larry Lund scored four goals, two in the first pcriud and Iwo more in the third period, lo lead the Aeros lo a 
1o-1 blilz of the-Winnipeg Jels 
Saturday night. 

The win gave the Aeros a 3-o 

 lead in their World.Hockey As- sociation quarter-final 

 playoffs. 

The Acres could eliminate 

 the Jets with another.victory 
Sunday nighl - 

"I've got everything 

 lugclher," said Stockton, who has handled Ihe challenges nf 
Arnold Palmer and Sam Snccd in (he nasl. 
Stockton made the remark 

Saturday after his two-under- par 7o was good enough to stand off a brilliant drive by 
Player in the third round of the famed golf tournament. 

"I'm playing good enough to 

 win," Stockton insisted. "The only thing I'm concerned about is playing Ihe course." 

Stockton mcl Palmer in a 

 he.id-tu-head confrontation for the 1SI7C PGA national lillc. 
And be won. 
Gamesmanship 

.Just three months ago Snead 

 tried some gamesmanship wilh one hole lo go in the I.os An- geles Open. 

"You know," Snead, who had 

 just birdicd the 17th, observed to Stockton, "I birdied the lasl two holes here in 195o lo beat 
(lien) Hogan." 

Stockton replied with what he 

 called "my career shot," a three wood oul of the rough lhat set up a winning birdie. 

Now it's Player, winner of 

 more lhan !)() international lilies and one of only four men 
ID sweep the game's Big Knur titles, who's threatening the master putter from Westland, 
Calif. 

Player's driving, dramatic 

 finish Saturday fell jusl shorl of a share of first place and 
Slucklun, bouycd by some early heroics, managed lo retain a one stroke lead. 
5 Birdies 

Player, Ihe muscular llltle 

Black Knight from Soull 
Africa, liirdied five holes in row in his challenge over the back nine, put together a brilliant, six-undcr-par 61! am moved tu within a single slroki o f l h i > lead. 

He may hilve had lhat hut for tragedy while he was lining p (he potcnlial tying pull on he final hole. 

A spectator collapsed and icd of n heart attack. 
"It was a very bad feeling," 
'layer said. "He fell on Ihe round and was breathing very 
>adly and people were scream- ng for an ambulance. 
"It was scary. 
"1 didn'l know whether to utt or wait or what lo do." 
He missed the pull and 

 inisned al MS. eight under par nd one behind Stockton. 
Stocklon, Hie second-round eader, pitched il for an eagle hrec on the second hole, once icld a four-slrokc lead and inished wilh a 7o and sole control of Ihe lop spot at 2o7. 

Jim Colbert, the chipper lit- 
Ic journeyman who led (he irst round, birdicd three of 
'nur holes at one stretch over he back nine and, with a 69, ted Player for second going nlo the last round of Ihis chase 
"or Ihe famed green jacket. 

Veterans Phil Rodgers and 

Bobby Nichols came on lo lake a tie for fourth. 

They had matching G8s anil 

2(19 totals as prclourney 

 favorite .Jack Nicklaus and the heralded youth brigade (al- 
ItTcd and failed over the rain- dampened hills and valleys of the Augusta National Rolf Club comsc. 

Hale Irwin was Ihe only man 

 under 3o to lake a place.in Ihe lop half-dozen challengers. He matched par 72 and was tied at 
21o wilh British Open cham- pion Tom Wciskopf. Weiskopf had a 7o. 

Nicklaus, seeking a record 

 fifth Masters title, played the first eight holes three under, and Ihe last 1o three over. 

His 72 dropped him five 

 strokes off the paco at 212 and he said his par round "was like shooting 8o." 

Hubert Green, the lanky 

 young man who has won twice this season and was just one stroke away from the lead here when play started on the hot, muggy, sometimes windy day, blew to a 74 and 212. 

The other Young Lions were 

 strung out well'back. 

Masters Golf 

Scores 

Saturday eri CellI Tournament on Ihe 7,o7o yard, 

Augusta National 
Golf 
Club par course 
Dave Stockton 
Jim Colbert 
Gary Player 
Phil Rodgers 
Bobby Nichols 
Hale Win 
Tom Weiskopf 
FraiV Beard 
Hubert Green 
Jack Nicklaus 
Jtrry Heard 
Dave HOI 
Ralph Johnston 
Dan Slkes 
Miller Barber 
Al Gelberger flruco Crarr.pltti 
Julius Boras 
Oil Chi Rodripuei 
Sam Sfwad 

Don Iveiscn 
J. C. Snead 
Johr-ny Miller 
Ben Crcnsnaw 
Peter Ooslerhuis 
71.64.7o—»; 
Bud Allin 

<).;].«—Kl 
Bill/.Casaer 

11-71.64—7oS -GrihaitlManh 
7! «-«—3o9 
Ray Floyd 

73-W M—7o7 
Arnold Palmer 

M.7o.7J-7W 
John ScNeo 

71-69.7o—!M 
GefW Lltller 

W-7U-71— !11 
Bruce Devlin 

M-7o-7J—J\2 l_airy Zleuler 

 w-71-77—31? 
Maurice Ben-brlcHje 
Io.7o.n-ll]' BobGoalby 
.71.72-7o—211 Arl Wfl',1 
72-717o—7.13 1 Hugh Balocchl 
61-11-74-JU 
Kermll Zerley li 47-72—214 
Leonard Thompson 

7J.48.7o— 211 diaries coody 

73-77 69—211 
Babe Hlskcy 

75-ro-tt—3U .EO&ieed 
7o7171-315 
Orvillc Moody 

77.72-71—215 

« 71.73—215 
73-63-71—315 
737149—215 
75-73.7o—115 
7f-M«8—715 
73-73.7o—716 
7o.71.76-217 
74 69 71—217 
6S.72.74— 217 
74.71.7o—317 
75-71.71—217 
69.71-78—318 
7o.77.76—318 
73-7373-318 
73-7172-219 
7471.13-219 
7o 77-73—319 
75.71.71-17o 
7371.77—731 
73-77.77—Jtt 
71.73-76—232 
7o.78.75-ra 
71 7177—275 
71.7J-78-2Z5 

Todd's...for 

Particular People 

And lioro's Johnny ... and when 
Johnny walks on slage ho is con- fident both in manner and in dress. 
Johnny knows he's in fashion in his denim blue suit of 1oo% loxlunzcd polyeslor. The suit is stylod as dynamically os the man vylio wears il. Open patch packets, docp center vont, controlling slikhing, and con- tinental waist band. $12o,oo available in donim blue, bcigo, and rosa. 

DOWNTOWN 226 E. HOUSTON 225-72971 

H 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Bulls Sneak 
Past Pistons, 

96-94 

CHICAGO (AP) - 

The Chicago Bulls defeated 
Detroit, 

96-94, Saturday, in an 
NBA playoff game. 

The Bulls' victory came in 

 the seventh and decisive'game of Ihcir Wcslern Conference semifinal scries with the Pis- tons. 
, 

Bob Love and Chct Walker 

 combined for 5o points to lead the Bulls, who nearly blew a 
15-point lead in the fourth quarter.Play Bucks 

The Bulls, playing without 

 their star, injured guard Jerry 
Sloan, move into the Western final round playoffs against the 
Milwaukee Bucks Tuesday night at Milwaukee. 

Walker pumped in 26 points 

 and Love 24 as the Bulls surged to a ID-point edge at 64-45 early in the third period and then had to stand off a Delroil fourth quarter spurt led by Bob 
Lanicr. 

Lanier's pair of free throws 

 tied the score at 92-92 with 2:o4 left. 

But Walker's long shot and a 

 pair of free throws by Norm 
Van Lier moved the bulls ahead 
o6-92 with 1:27 left. 

: "Lanier, who had a cold first 
'half, wound up with n points before he committed the foul on 
Van Licr-which sent him to the bench. 

It was the first lime in seven 

 playoff tries, that the Bulls survived the opening round of 
NBA playoff competition. 

And they did it with 

 sparkplug Sloan sitting on the bench in street clothes from a serious fool injury suffered at 
Detroit Thursday night. 

Paced by Cliff Ray's stuff 

 shots, the Bulls took command in the first quarter, pushing lo a IB-point lead at 25-15. Then 
Chicago went ahead by 14 points Ihree limes in the second quarter and led at the half 
52-41. 

Ray, who out-dueled Lanler 

 most of Ihe way, contributed 15 points and along with reserve guard Bob Weiss helped over- come the Bulls' loss of Sloan. 

DETROIT 111}: Adams 2 o-o I, Row* 3 

 cm i.Lanltf B J.» T>, Blng 7 2-1 It, Larm 
7 ll-IJ a, Trapp 3 o-o t, Oavls 1 1-1 W, 
^.engcO o &o 5, Norwood ? frO *. ToTlll 

CHICAGO (76): Love 1 it V, Walker t 

8-9 26, Ray 7 \.} 15, Van Ller J ).« 11, 
WH»s 3 1-1 7. Porler 3 J2 «. /ujtlman 2 1- 
1 5, Awlrey o o-o o. Totals W 31o7 96. 
Dtlroil 
18 23 » 23-11 
Chlmao 
2i 27 M 16—» 

Rowed out: Trapp. Tclal Fojls: Detroit 

3o, Chicago 21. A; f),133. 

William "Bill" 
1 Clark 

 has plans for your happiness. 

Southwestern Llfa »i 
Happiness is what i\ii soil 

SanAnlonio/226-5331 

Super Coach 

HIS LAST SOOTH SAM 

WA5 39-o 
AMD HE LEFT "WE 

EO6CAT5 OWNIN& A 45-GAfv\& 

STREAM 

CLIFF 6USTAFSON 

.» HAS H15 "T&XA5 LJOM6WORMS GOINiS- 
AFTBP -TH&ip, IO* STRAIGHT - 5EVEM 

HIS TOTEUASe - 5WC CHAAAPIONl- I 

WTO THIS) YEAR AMD 
35-3 

EVERYrHING UNDER THE SUN PRICED LOWER jLOBE 
DISCOUNT CITY 

7142 N. SAN PKDflO AVE. A 

238 S.W. MILITARY DH. 

9-9 D.iljr/9-6 S.l^loitd Sund.,, 

DUNLOP TWIN 

STEEL 

TIRE SALE! 

2 STEEL BELTS plus 2 POLYESTER cords! 

SIZE: 
C78-14 
E78-14 
F78-14 
G78-14 
H78-14 
F78-15 
G78-15 
H78-15 
J78-15 
L78-15 

INSTALLED FREE 

Pricti pla> iic.Tai from 2.73 to 3.2o tcnh. 

WHITE: 
$28.23 

3o.85 
32.5o 
35.18 
39.27 
32.5o 
35.18 
39.27 
42.74 
45.o3 

ADD MlltS Of Wf«l 
BEAR WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 

IM. 
SOUND luoa 
IWLGDiO. 

MOST U.J. CARS 

PIRELLI MOTORCYCLE 

TIRES AVAILABLE, TOO! 

DUNLOP WIDE-WHITE 

4 ply POLYESTER CORDS! 

ALL SIZES-ONE PRICE! 
3o 

98 
'BACK TO THE 

GOOD Of 

DAYS" 

Price Phil tuin lot lioin 7-63 la 3.13 1o1)1! 

BRAKE OVERHAUL! 

1. fnifall New/Unlngi 
7. Rebuild Whcif Cylin- 

 den 

3. Turn Drums 1o Fit 
4. Pock 
Fronl 
Whivl 

Bearing! 

5. Huth HyrfroillEc Syi- 

T<m 

6. Clean & lybo Backing 

Plofes 

7. Intptci Front Grcoi* 

Sialt, Matlii CyUncfir 
& Relurn Sprlngi 

 fi. Adjuil & Lubt Hand 

Brak* 

9. Road Ttit Cor for 

Safety 
1o. FREE Braki fluid A 

Adjyitmtnti ai Long at Our Lfnlngi are an 
Your Car 

 ll Ki|klf, 

35 

 nr 
4o,ooo MILE 
7J 
GUARANTEED! 

CISC IUKI SMCIMISFil 

•\\ 

DUNLOP GOLD CUP 
""" 
4 FULL PLY NYLON CORDS! 
17oo 
I mm 6M>-u 
13°° 
I ^f 
61o. |1 

M 

OO 

JM-IJ 
3tO.ll 

1COO 
I • iri.N 
• tf 
Ko.lt 

1& 
oo 

I O j;::» 
17oo 
• ff &;n. 
• • 
o71-11 
I goo 
• ^M \m-\< 
™ ^^ 
HII.1% 

WHITES PLUS 

ONLY 3.oo EACH! 

Pncet pluv £xc. 
To* from 1.6o to 

7.82 toch. 

INSTALLED 

FREE! 

VALUABLE COUPON) 

Keep-Kool-Kare! 

7 POINT AUTO 

AIR CONDITIONING 

SERVICE! 

3 

4. Chi 
) Cki 
4. Ckl 
7. Ck. 

1 Cl»i C.^.,^ 

C*»pr»UM A |rv't j 

»k7."oiuh j 

GLOBAL SATURN BATTERY 
48 MONTH 
GUARANTEE 

INSTALLED 

MR! 

Erving's 35 Spurs 
Nets By Kentucky 

UNIONDALE, N.Y. (AP) - Julius Ervlng 

 scored 35 points and Billy Paultz virtually shackled big Artis Gilmore, keying New York to a H9-1o6 victory over the Kentucky Satur- day night, 

It was the first game of llielr 

ABA playoff scries. 

Game 2 in (he hest-of-scvcn 

 series for tho AHA East 
Division title will be played icre Monday night. 

SrdQuarter 

The Nets, with Dr. J-ihat's 

 what they call Etving— operat- ns on Kentucky for 13 points in 
Hie decisive third quarter, blew out the Colonels in the period, outscoring them 38-24 for commanding 9o-75 bulge. 

Kentucky never got closer hap 11 points in the fourth period. 

Paultz, a bulky 6-fool-ll, 2-JO- 

>ounder, not especially known 
'or his defense, put a clamp on he 7-2 Gilmore, limiting the 
Colonels' giant to 13 point- s—only three in the second half. 

Gilmore had averaged nearly 

3o points per game in Ken 
'.ucky's opening-round four 
;ame playoff sweep over 
Carolina. 

Meanwhile, Paultz was one Of 

>ix Nets in double figures, con- 
Iributing 16 points. Rookie 
Larry Kenon hit tor 2o. 

Another rookie, 
John 

Williamson, added 17. Mike 
Gale had 12 and Wendell 
Ladiier 1o. 

Dan Issel paced the Colonels 

 with 22 points, one more than 
Louie Dampier. 

Walt Simon, an ex-Net, came 

 off lite Kentucky bench In (lie tinal period and connected for 
"i points, but it was loo late. 

54 Per Cent 

The Nets, hitting on better 

 than 54 per cent of their field goal attempts led 52-51 at the ialf on Kenon's hook shot with two seconds left ii; the second quarter, an unusual period during which neither team took a foul shot. 

The Colonels, after forging 

 ahead 11-1o in the first quarter held the lead throughout most of the first half until Ihe Nets surged for four consecutive 
'icld goals— two each by Paultz and Erving-and vaulted in front 48-4') with 2:18 to go. 

Kentucky's Ron Thomas and 

New York's Lariner then 

Hamilton Cops 
Main Event 

Doug HamLlton won the heat 

 and main event Minie Slock 
•aces Saturday nighl at Pan 
American Spcdway. 

Bobby Murdoch was the 

Hohby Sleek main event winner md Glenn Sckwabe took the 
Super Stock main race. 

Gilmore 
Shackled 

 exchanged baskets before diminutive Joe Hamilton fired in a tlircc-poin! field goal and ex-Net John Rnclic connected on a jumper, putting the 
Colonels ahead 51-5o with 28 seconds remaining in tlie.lialf. 

Isscl and Dampier each 

 collecled 12 points in the first quarter when Kentucky led 

3o26, while Williamson paced 
New York with 1o. 

KENTUCKY [WAI r BrnJlty 3 o-o \, U- 
3!l 1o 3-? n. GllrnVfl 4 \-\ \i DimpUf ' 1 
4 5 31- WJllJwri 3 aO 4, SlnW i MM, 
Hamilton 3 o-o 7. Thomas J o-o *- Robin- son 13-J S, Roch« t M t, jonti ! 13 4. 
TOlali 44 16-W 
"jEW YORK (l»li Ervlno M 5 7 ii, 

Xenon t ?-? », P*ufH « ao 14, Tivlcr 4 l-l v, Wliilamwfi 7 3-4 17, UdAerJ <M) W, 
Oate 5 M U, 5o(<wrner o CO o. ToliH il 

Kenruckv 
M 31 3^ 31— 1M 
N*w YofV 
3626 M 79—1 W 

TOlfll fouls: Kenfucky 13, New York 34. 
Three point goals: Dampler, HamlitOfi. A: 

Utah Topples 
Pacers, 1o5-96 

SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - 

Willie Wise whipped in 3-1 points to spark Utah to a 1o5-o6 victory over Indiana In Ihe first game of their ABA Western 
Division playoff serifs. 

Wise scored 17 points In the 

 final period as the Stars, who had led by as much as 14 points, (ought off a last-ditch 
Indiana rally. 

The second game of the hes- 

.tof-sevcn scries for the division championship will be played here Monday. 

Utah overcame a shaky start 

 and then romped lo a 31-24 lead at the first quarter. The Stars' offense iced up momentarily in 
Ihe second period and Indiana, behind big George McGinnis who scored 39 points in the game, caught up a 33-33. 

But James Jones and rookie 

Bruce Seals spartted Uiah lo a 
2o-1o spurl and the Stars took a 
53-43 lead to the locker room. 

It was mostly McGinnis in 

 lite third quarter as Ihe big forward ripped in 11 poinls to lead the Pacers to within Iwn, 
73-72, going into the final period. 

McGinnis and Freddie Lewis 

 led Indiana in the fourth quarter and Ihe Pacers caught up and went ahead, 82-79, on a three-point field goal by Roger 
Brown. 

INDrANA 
(96): 
Brown 
4 VI 
U, 

 rVtcGinnls 15 9 U 3?, Daniels 4 o-o 1, Free- man 7 2-4 16, Lewi I 5 7-2 13, Bile o oo o, 
Keller o &o o, HiUman 3 A.? 1o, Baum o o- 
o a Joyce o oo o. Totals S3 11 25. 
UTAH (1M): Govan 5 o-o 1o, WfJe 12 

1o-15 y, Bcaty 7 *•& 3o, Boooc 1 U 15, 
Jones 5 t>o 1o, S«als 5 o-o 1o, Mounl 1 o-9 
2, Neumann 2 o o 4 . Tolal* 44 17-33, 
Indiana 
24 19 79 24— 16 

Utah 
Jl 
23 71 31— 1oJ 

Total lotfi: Indiana 21. Utah 21. Trvee. po'r.l goals: Brown, Lewis A: 7,5S7. 

 v4 ff /i 
."< /V«j /4 'Fftixvoi t s 

Civilian Semlflr.cli 

Friday, Aoril 12 

DIvlilon Finals 

SotorcJaVr April 1] 

Call DIvl&lon 

1eaSs*b?s?«f V'IHM'IV* 'W; New Y°rk 

Wsst o1 vision 

^Uteh 1o5, Indiana «; Urah leadj b«t. 

NBA 

Conference SemHInoli 

Friday, April 1? 

New York PI, CdOtlQl 81; tfcv; York 

 wins J-J 

Solurcfov, April 1] 

Western Conference 

Cnicngo 96, Oc'ro't 9-1, Chfcooo wfn^ 

ICriOi 4 J. 

Confcrcnct FHoli 
Sunday, florll 14 

New Ycfk ot Boston, 1?: 3o p.m. irallor-^l 

Hockey Pltiyoffs 

NHL Royal's 
Quarlcr-TmaU 
Friday. April 1? 

PtvlodctoMa 4, Allan la 1; PhiloiJcipti a ccds jo 

Sorgrdoy, April 11 

V-onlreal 4, Nrw York Rangers 2; Won- 
Ireal leads o*st ol Tserlcs 2 1 

Boston *, Twonlo 3; Boston lead! best- oi-7 scries, 3 o. 

G-ICQBG al tas Argc'es, Chicago foods 

 z-o 

Sunday, April 14 

CAonlrcol al New York, 1'OS pin 
Philodelcnkj cl AUanfa. 6:oi Dm. 
Rcs'cn C' Toronto. J:oi o.ui. 
Cliko^o nl l.oi Angeles 5:oi n.m. 

CITYC/UJEUS 

SOYS' CLUBS 

The Norihifde Brcrvth Days' Club win 

 hold oft 13 orK! under cllv/'tfc bo-kerball 

In'crmollon coll J-M-BilU. 

WHA Plavofli 
Onarlcr-finoti 
Friday. April 11 

Cast Division 

 ca-Ji 3 3 

Tcronto J. Clcvcror.d ?; To^cnlo Icadi 

V/osI Oivlslcn 

Crfnnw'CJi 2. /.'.innciolo 1, t" 'nrcioto 

'CMS 3-1 

Saturday, April U 

Edit Olvlitan 

Clcvefand 3, Tcr .ilo 2, ovcrtrmp; TO ronlo iMds bcst-of-7 series 3.1. 

Vtctt Division 

Houslon T.O, Wfrtnrpog" 1; Hausion leads 

 bei^ o\ l series, 3 o 

Su.iday. April 14 

East Dlvliton 

IJc«/ Englcrd nl Chlcogo, 1:3o p'ii. 

Weir Division 

Eflc'vcnlon cl f.Mnnc-,Dln. 7:JO P n>. 

• CUSTOM MADE TO ANY LENGTH 

RUST PROOF, NO CHIPPING, PffUNG OR CRACKING 

Special 
Spring 
Sale 

COLOR COOKD/NATt YOUR 7filM WITH MOWN OR 

CONTINUOUS OUmRI^" K 

2o VEAR GUARANTEE 

ON MATERIALS 

1 YEM INSTAUATWK 

GUAMNIEE 

Coll for appointment 

Saf e At The PInlc 

Rangers Rout A9s, 1o-3 

OAKLAND (AP) - The Texas Rangers 

 pounded Oakland's Vida Blue for seven runs, three on a homer by Jeff Burroughs, and coasted to an 1o-3 victory over the A's Satur- day, 

Clue lasted jusl 11-3 i 

 in Ihe A's home opener, lie allowed si\ hits and walked two. 

Gene Tenacc hit two solo 

 homers off Ihc Hungers' Jim 
Bibby, but Hie first came in llic 

 lioxscoros 

 ljuttoni of the second inning with Texas leadini; 8-1. 

The A's Reggie Jackson 

 drove in his lOlli run of the young baseball season with a sacrifice fly in the first inning. 

Blue opened the game by 

 walking Dave Nelson. Tony 
Hnrrali and Alex Johnson singled for Ihe first run before liurrouglis belled a homer, his third of the season, over the center field Fence. 

Nelson, llarrah and Johnson 

 singled in [lie second, produc- ing a run and chasing IJlue. 
Reliever Paul LimlbUid walked 
Bin-rough;; intentionally and yielded a bases-loaded single to 
Jim Trcjjosi for two more runs, bolli charged to Blue. 

Tom Grieve hit a Iwo-run 

 homer for Texas in (he ninth. 
Bibby allowed six hits and slruck out II). 
Cards, 6-4 

PITTSBURGH (AP) - Reg-, 

 gie Sinilli and Joe Torre scored when an attempted double play throw went wild in Ihe sixth inning Saturday, carrying SI. 
Louis lo a o") victory over 
Pittsburgh. 

II was Ihe sixth consecutive 

National League loss for Ihc winless Hues. 

Two St, Louis runs scored in 

(he second inning, also on errors. Ted Simmons opened 
Hie inning wilh a double and 
Ken licit/ slammed a one-out l\vo-bagf!tT lo right. 

Dave Parker's throw to the 

 plate beat Simmons, hut 

 catcher Kd Kirpatrick dropped the ball and Hcilz scored before 
Ihe catcher could recover. 

The Cards picked up anollier 

 run in the third when Lou 
Brock singled, stole second and scored on Ken Sucmore's single. 

Then came Ihe sixlh when 

Smith walked, moved to ttiird nn Torre's single nnd Ihe muffed double play allcr Sim- mons was walked. 

Brewers., 3-2 

M I L W A U K E E 
(Al>) 
- 

Teenage shortstop Robin Vomit cnicked his first major league home run Saturday, giving 
Milwaukee a A-'i victory over 

. Baltimore. 

Twenty-year-old lefl-haiider 

Kevin Kobe], making his Fourlh major league appearance and second start, stifled the Orioles on Paul Blair's third-inning single until Blair led off Ihc eighth with a homo run. 

Kduardo Rodriguez replaced 

Kohel and the Orioles lied the score 1-1 on Mike Heinbach's pinch single, a sacrifice, infield out and Vomit's muff (if Mubby lirich's grounder. 

Youiil, Ihe first bailor in Ihu 

 bottom iif the eighth, l i l t 

(irinisley's firs! pilch into the lefl field bleachers. 

Baltimore slnrlcr floss 

(irlnislcy matched scoreless innings wllli Kobel and hail allowed only an infield single by i'edri) (iarcia In Ihe third inning unlil Dave May opened the scvenlh by heating oul n grounder lo second baseman 
(iricli iH'liliid the b:ig, 
Royals, 6-5 

• HLOOMINCiTON, 
Minn. 

(Ai>> _ Vnda I'lnsnn's Iwn-inil siiijtloln lli« lOHi Inning scored 
P'rim Mealy from Ihird bnsii aili) rallied Knnsns City l» n 8-5 vlclnry 
Saliirdny over 

Mlntii'sola, 

Hciily upcncil the liming wllli 

Major League 

Baseball Roundup 

 a double off Tom Burgmcier. 
Bill Campbell look over one out laler and llealy went lo third on 
Jim Wohlford's fly ball before 
Pinsoii drilled a '2-2 pilch into right field. 

Paul Schaal's homer with 

Tony Solaita aboard via relief pitcher Itay Corbin's error tied the game 5-5 in Hie seventh in- ning. 

It was Kansas City's second 

 homer of die baseball game, 
John Hayhcrry having ripped a solo shot in the fourth. 

Maybcrry also drove home the 
Royals' third run with a si.xthinning single. 
Red Sox, 8-1 

BOSTON (AP) - Designated 

 hitter Tommy Harper trig- 

 erod a six-run firsl inning 

 wilh a leadoff double and Bus- 
Ion went on to an 8-1 victory over Detroit Saturday. 

Hick U'isc withstood rain and 

 severe cold in checking Hie 
Tigers on five hils in (he na- tionally televised game delayed 
35 minules at the slarl. 

Wise, who lost three 

 scheduled starts because of damp weather, made the mosl of his first opportunity. 

 lie allowed only llirce hits in 

 the first six innings and six for the game. 

Ho lost his shutout bid in Ihe 

 seventh on a single by Norm 
Cash, double by Mickey Stanley and Bill Frcchan's sacrifice fly lo shortstop Mario Guerrero, who made a fine running catch of (he looping liner on the out- field grass. 

The Red Sox jumped on 

Tiger starter Bill Slnyback quickly in Hie firsl. 
Indians, 8-5 

CLEVELAND (AP) - Dave 

Duncan touched off an eight-run thin! inning with a home run 

Baseball 

American 

League 

Milwaukee 
Boston 
Oalllmore 
New York 
Detroit 

L 
Pet. 

2 
.M7 
- 

2 
.6o} 

3 
.S7I 

3 
.571 

5 
.375 
; 

5 
,7K 
: 

California 
5 i 
;u — 

Kansas oty 
3 
? 
.6oo 
1 

Wnncsola 
3 
? 
6oo 
1 

OaVland 
3 
3 
.5oo i'/> 
Texas 
J 
4 
.^79 
? 

Chicago 
. 
1 
5 
.167 
3',, 

Friday's Gcmci 

Doi'cn 6, O«1roh 3 
Kun^ai CMval Miiinc^ola, pad .rain 
UoSllmorc 5. M Iwaukco i Clcvpland 9. 

 t;c,v York I 

CaUoinloU. Cliicaool 
On'v gonici4Cl 
-.cdu!otJ 

Salurdiv't Games 

 aevciarvj e, New York » 
BoilCHi 8. D«1rolt 1 
Kansas City t, jVJnnescJa 5 
A'ilwjukce 3, Balirnr^rc ? 
Texas 1o, Oakland 3 
Chicago 5. California 4 

New York (Kl-nc 1 o and Pckrjon o o) 

 al Cleveland Jchnion o-o on<1 WHCOK o o), neon. 

DcHroif (Cclcnwit 1-C) <il Ro^w (Tlant 

oo). I D.IIV 

Kansai CUv fbpl-lloilf oo1 a^;,Mnllcsola 

(HcndiC-l).l:lioin. 

Qaltlinorc I C L C M a r C O ) at r.MUvoL'Xce 

(Wright 1o), 1:3o p.m. 

Tcvas Ucr.klm i-l r.nd Clvde oo or 

OrcbCrg o 2) nl Ockkir'.tl (Hunlcr 1-o oncf 
Odom Qi)J. 2, 3:7o11 m. 

Ch!caoT [KocIC D> nt Colil^rnla (Singer 

1-OK Jo.ni. 

National 
League 

 ii. Uouis 
Montreal 
Chicago 
New/York 

Eilt 

W 

6 

.6oo 
.oo 
.4oo 

San Ftantlsco 
6 t 
.75o 

Los Mildci 
6 
' 3 
.637 

C'RdmiaN 
4 
4 
.5oo 

Houslon t 
I 
.5oo 

Atlanta 
A 
I 
.414 

SanDicco 
I 
.7 
.12S 

Frfdov's Games 
CiiKrnnall 14. Atlanta 2 
SI. Lculs 7, Pillsburo>'A, 11 lnn(ri 
IIOUJ'o1 !>. Los AnccJcn 3 
San UKooi, Sun Francisco ? 
Only Dames schcdjlcii 

Saturday's Games 

Ctilcajo7.3,Mwilreal4.13 
AHanfc 1o. Cincinnati 3 ptvlaiMptila at New YorX; ppd., 
SI. LCHJIS&, Plllsburcn 4 
Los Ar.gdcs d, HoisTon 3 
San Francisco ], San Oiego 2 

 iundov's Gomct 

SI. Ltn:K (Thompson oo and Curl ii o-1) 

 tjl PlllihuroU {/.\oosc o-) ord DreltO o1, 2. 
12:o5 li.m. 

ClnclnntiM [Gulk-11 o-1] al Allanla 

(Hcinion o7). 1:IS p.m. 

Montreal ( R c n k o o-o) al C4ilcaoo 

<Rcusclirl oo1, l:li p.m. 

I'liilcdclphiu (LonbOft] o-1 ard Sdiuo'cr 

o-11 Mew York [Mullock 1 Oor.d KOOMIIOTI, 
1-o1,1:11 n.m. 

Lm Angctci (John 7-o) a1 Houilon 

(Ror-cris l.l].2:OSn.ni. 

Sort rrfir.rlico (Dradloy l-Oj al San 

Dictfu IGrelfC-1). .1 p.m. 

Isaac's Slam 

> Brewers 

TUCSON (S|il) — Caloher 

Lull Isaac rapiiptl a grand slain homer lo propel lliu San An- 
Innit) Urcwcrs to an 8-rt exhibi- tion viL-lnry over Hie Midland 
Cubs Saluidiiy. 

Isaac hil intn a double play 

 and a Iriple play before 

 redeem inp himself wilh I lie sixlli-inniiif; blast. 

II was the Brewers lasl 

 exhibition name. They finish 
Ihe rirc-sensnn activity wilh a 
13-5 record. 

The Brewers will linlil a 7 

 p.m. u-nrkant Thursday al V..f. 
Kecfc Kiclil lo prc'paie for Ihe ri'Riilnr season lidliflcr wilh 
Midland in San Anlnnio Triday al 7::!o p.m. Tin1 public will be admitted free lo Thursday's praclico. 

.losfccr's is (iiilliiif; Brewers 

 tickcls. Bonus hmiks, fpnlurliii* 
1o general admission lickels for $111. arc available. 
Seven Cagcrs 
Are Honored 

The Society nf Cltl/en.s Or- 

 ganised for Progressive Mn- dcavovs, Inc. (SCOl'K) Is liiiniirhiR seven all-cily b;tskel- hall players Sunday al IMU- tiiiiii-Snlllviin Park. 

SCOl'K Is prcst'iilctl awards 

 lo Arllnir Kdwnrds iinil Darrell 
Scrnctis of lirackonrldye, 
Klijah Owens anil Mike .lonos, 
Darrell 
Ilrniidnn of 
SI. 

Cicriivtl's, Untci) Williams nl 
KilRi'iviinil, nntl Uin/y I.co of. lllj!lilainls diirliiK un Muster 
Festival Martini; at muni. 

I'ainl 
COl o17 Ml-S 
8 
o 

 i Anlonlo.... J1o OOJ M.--3 
1J 
2 

 an Anlanlo ballcrv; Slnvcr, Conovcr 
, Klnnor [71 tK-.d Isccc. VV-Ccnovcr. 

 and later added a run-scorinK single, pacing Cleveland to an 
8-5 victory Saturday over New 
York. 

Afler Duncan hil his second 

 home nin of Ihe season off loser 
Doc Medich. Frank Duffy walked and .John l.owcnslein doubled him home. 
Twinbill Split 

CHICAGO (AP) - lion 

Fairly's fiflh career grand slam home run climaxed Mon trcal's eight-run fourth inning to give Ihc Expos a 13-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs and a split of 
Saturday's 

 donbleheader. 

Billy Williams homered and 

 doubled to spark the Cubs to a 
7-4 triumph over the lixpos in the firsl game. 

Montreal sent 12 batters to 

(he plale in shelling Chicago starter Bill Bonhani in tiie nightcap before Fairly drove reliever Mike Paul's first pilch into the loft-field bleachers with the bases loaded. 
Braves 1o-3 

ATLANTA <AP) - 
Ralph 

 fiarr drove in four runs while 
Dave Johnson Marty Perez and 
Mike Lum slammed home runs, powering Allanla lo a 1o-3 rnut of Cincinnati Saturday night. 

The Braves' I3-hit attack, 

 which included six c\lra-base liit.s, enabled Carl Morion to coast lo victory, wilh relief from Jack Aker in (he ninth 
Inning. 

ANAHEIM (AP) - The 

Chicago While Sox posted their firsl victory of (he season K:i- liirday nifilit, cdgiiif; llic 

California Angels 5-4 behind 
W i l b u r 
Wood's f i v e - b i t 

 pitching. 

SAN DIEGO (AP) - Pilohet 

John D'Acquisto's sacrifice flj in llic second inning drove .in what proved lo be the winninj, run Saturday night as the Sur 
Francisco (Jiants edged (he Sai 
DieRoP a ilres, 3-2. 

S.A. CO-KAUT CLUB 

WINNERS 

Super modified^—Scootc 

Ankerman; .super slocks—Nca 
Nunn; stocks—Ken Kniglil junior—Craig Scabone; fea 
(lire—Halph Ilynie. 

BURKE 

OLDSMOBILE 

ANNOUNCES 

The appointment of Bornie Weinsfein to our sales staff. Bernie has been a resident of San Antonio for over thirty years & has spent the last fourteen years in the automobile business. 
Mr. Weinstein invites his many friends 
& customers to come see him or give him a call at this grand modern Olds- mobile facility. 

Service 
What i(t .ill about 

Burke 

75o Northaii^t Loop 41o nl Oromlway exit 
824 o411 

• Snlcs/Monilny S.iturdnv 7 3o am 9 pin 
Sorvicc/Momlny Pfidiiy 7 3o ,im G pin 

San Antonio EXPRESS^NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Edwards Is Named 
To All-State Cage 

Team 

DALLAS (AP) - Arthur Edwards of Sari 

Antonio Braekcnridge and Maurice Callis of 
Victoria found spots on the 1974 Texas Sports 
Writers Association Class AAAA basketball earns announced here Saturday. 
Edwards, a 6-4 all-city per ormcr for the past two years, was named Lo uii inside position 
>f Ihc third I cum, while Callis garnered an outside spot on the 
;econd squad. 

Dallas South Oak Clilf placed wo players on thu division's 

* 
FIRST TEAM 

Inilde: 
Eo/l tlvoni, Pcrf Arthur Lin- 

»n, 46, i en lor, 39.1; Melvln Lurjch avis, Greenville. 6 8 , itnror, ?3.9; lioiles McMillan, Dulkji So-jfh Oak 

 dill, 6-3, terror, 2*.o. 

Oufiltft: Karl Gcdlne. Houiron Kaih- 

 mere, 6-?, lunlor, 19.5; Lorry Harris, 
TcNcji Soy Hi Ouk ciilf. 6-1, senior, 16o. 

SECOND TEAM 

Initde: Oonnle Chomteri, CcriltTvo, 
6, scnkjr. w.ij Gory Gocdner, Demon, 
6, itn'or, T).o: Ken Wlfdomi, t>olkn oulh Oak Cliff, 45, ienlor, 5oo. 
Outside- 
Freddie MHchell, Amarlllo 

'aid Duro. 6-7, senior, ?o~S; Harmon 

!3-9; fAourfcc CtilL'i, Victoria, 6-2. senicr, i7.S. 

THIRD TEAM 

Inilde: Arthur Edwardi, San Antonio 

 irackenridge, «•«, senior, 21.3; 
JcK 

,enV>r, ??.o; Ro.iti/ V/nshlngton^ Corpus 
Chrli.i Miller, 64, «nlor, 2?.?. 

OuUlcfe: 
Reginald Harrison, La 

 torque. 62, senior, ?S.7; Randy Ale- arxJer, Oenfcn, 6-3, icnlor, 18.o. 
' 

Sports 
On TV 

'Noon (Ch.5) - NBA Basket- 

 hall 

12:3o (Ch.-l) - Outdoors 
HCh.-l)-NHL Hockey 
1:3o (Ch.12) - American 

 inorlsman 

2:15 (Ch.12) - Howard Coscll 

 iuorts 

2:3o (Ch.12) World Invila- 

 tional Tennis 

3 (Ch.5) - Masters Colt Tour- 

 namc-nt 

3:3o (Ch.4) - AVorld Cham- 

 pionship Tennis 

3:3o (Ch.12) . Wide World of 

Sports 

4 (Ch.41)-Roller Games 

RADIO 

2:o3 
(KSIAC, 63o): Housiori 

Astros vs. Los Angeles Dodgers 

'irsl-leam and one on Ihc 
>ccond squad lo domlnalc in- lividual honors. 

Charles McMillan, a 6-3 

 senior who averaged 24 poinls icr game, and Larry Harris, a 
5-1 senior who hit al a 16-Tinint clip, earned spots on Ihe firsl 
:eam, while 6-(i senior Ken 
Williams was on the second team. McMillan and Williams played inside positions and ilai ris occupied an outside spot for Ihc slate's runncrup sciuad. 

*** 

Karl Oodine, a 6-2 junior who 

 averaged 19.5 points per game, was the only player from stale champion Houston Kashmcrc lo win a place on the first three 
(cams. He is named al an out-j side spot along side Harris nnd is also Hie only underclassman on Ihc lirsl three teams. 

Karl Kvans, a 6-6 senior who 

 averaged 28.3 for Port Arlhur 
Lincoln, had Ihe most voles of any player. Evans was joined by inside player Melvin Lursch 
Davis of Greenville, who averaged 23.8 poinls per game. 

*** 

ARTHUR HOWARDS 

...Brackenridgc 

Tealer Heads 
3-AAA Squad 

DALLAS (A!1) - .Six-five 

 senior Dennis Touler from slule cliampinn Goirales 

 headlined the 1971 Cl;iss AAA 
All-State liU-ii school baskclhall loam. 

Tealer, who averaged 24.b 

 points per game, was the only 
Apache player on the first three teams. 

Kent McCurley of Lamesa 

 and Carl Barker of Athens arc the only repealers on the team. 

Unanimous 

McCurley, a 6-4 senior, also 

 was the only unanimous choice among AAA players. He won an inside spot on the Texas Snorts 
Writers Association team as did Tealer, and Barker, :i rj-2 senior, earned an outside posi- tion. 

Runnerup Crosby was the 

 only team to place two 

 players on the first two teams. 
Charlie Bass won an inside spot, on the first team, and Elyard 
Davis was named to an outside post on the second team. 

Rickey Dowdle of Longvicw 

Pine Tree, a 6-3 senior guard, was the other first-team selec- tion. 

FIB SITE AM lni'-dt, Ktnl WcCufTey, Lamtia, 44, 

72o, Senior, 1P.5; Dennis Teller, Gcnrales, 
A-5, IK, Senlcr, 24.6: QiarHe Bass. Cros- by, 44, 115, SoilOf, JO.l. 

Oulsld*, Rickey Dawdle, Longvlew pine 

Tret, 63, Ira. Senior, 11.1; Carl Bsrktr, 
A'hefli, 6-2, \li. Senior, IB.7. 

SECOND TEAM 
Inilm. Anthony Sanders, Clarksvllle, &. 

?, 1M, Junior, M.I; Terry LiwMn. Haiti 
Garland, n, IH. Senior, Jo.8; Dennis 
King, Gladewaler, 6-4, 117, Senior, 17.7. 

Outside Marcus Hallcy. Atlanta, 64, 

1W, Senior, 19.4,; Elyard payld, Crosby, 
4-1,17o. Senior, fc.5. 
• 

THIRD TEAM 
In side, Clifford Ervln, Crockett, 4-4, IBS, 

Senior, 25.o; David Klohlower. Hunlsvllte, 
43, 19o. Senior. JS.2: Mlcdael Dabncv, Sll- ttee. 6.2. 177. Junior, ».l. 

Oulslde. Wayne Pill, OnyOn. i-ltt. 16o, 
Senior, 2o.o; Frankle Hayden, Airanta, 6- 
2, 16o, Soph, 15.4. 
T 

DENNIS TEALER 

...Gonzalcs 

Swedish 

344-7463 

OPEN TO MIDNITE 

MON.-FRI. 

TILL 6PM SAT. 

MASSAGE AND 

STEAM BATH 

OFF 47oo BLK. BIANCO AT 1o6 MILLWOOD 

Get in the running... 

With a Suit From 

Featurng 

White is right (or this 

 summer suit enlivened by ' 

2-colour ovcrclieck. Notable 

 aro Ihe rounded Reverse 

Gorge Inpel, rounded patch 

 pockets, both double 

 cobblar stilcliod. 

A sportsman's delight. 

"Clothes of Dlslinction" 

Arcad* of Ihe Notional Bank of Commerce Bldg. Corners of Pecan, Sol«dad, and 
Mailln Slroels. Park Fr«e In NBC Outage. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 
1974 

Terry Stembridge: ABA's Historian 

Has Seen All Changes 

;' 
By Harry Page 

OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

"Frem the beautiful Convention Center 

Arena by the river, the home of the noisiest fans in the ABA, the San Antonio Spurs are on the air..." . 

So Terry Stembrldge, the 

 talented radio and-television voice of (he Spurs, lias said 48 times (his season. Ant! on a prcmolional spot on KKYX during (he day: 

"From the sparkling Salt 

Palace tu historic Freedom 
Hall in Lmiisville, the shrine of basketball in the E.ist, from the old 
Auditorium-Arena in 

Denver to llic fabulous new arenas in Tidewater, Virginia. 

"From spacious Nassau 

Cmmly Coliseum to the archaic- 
Fair Grounds Culixoum in In- dianapolis, from the heart of the Carolinas, from Ihe river city of Memphis, from cony 
Golden Hall in San Diego, we present to you the best in basketball." 

ABA Historian 

That's the way it is now, but 

 things weren't always lhal good for Terry — or the American. 
Basketball 
Association. 

They've been lordlier from ihi; beginning, back in 1967. 

Interviewing Slembridgc is 

 like opening an encyclopedia on basketball, for he has a vast knowledge of the same invent- ed by:Dr. James A. Naismilh back in 1891. 
. And Terry has a near-perfect chronological .memory of the changes the Dallas Chaparrals and the ABA went through. 

"The league has progressed 

 unbelievably in seven years, especially in the crowds," 
Terry points out. 

"The only place you got a 

 crowd in. the early days was in 
Indiana. I didn't know basket- ball crowds existed until Dallas went into Indianapolis anil played in old Fair Grnunds 
Coliseum. 
' 

"The first year, we \vuuld KU 

 to Anaheim and play [lie 
Ainigos. Anaheim had a great place to play but only 25o people would show up, and that's about what happened in 
Dallas, too. 

"One nitjlu we played the 

Houston Mavericks in llniistnn 

 and — believe me! — there, were only SO people in the building. 

"Bill now, just about 

 anywhere you go yon can e\- 

"In the beginning. Hie league 

 was composed of Indiana, 
Denver, Kentucky, I ho New 
Orleans 
Buccaneers, the 

Minnesota 
Mnskies, the 

First of jk Series 

Part 1> 
's N>»s 

 pect good crowds," the 38- year-old veteran adds. 

"Memphis, Virginia and San 

Diego dmi'l draw loo well, but 
San Antonio, New York, Ken- lucky, Denver and Indiana draw great audiences and arc fine places to broadcast from. 

"The dismal response in 

Dallas is what brought the 
Chaparrals to San Antonio. It was a sign uf the changing times. Tile AHA teams move lo find mure solid support. 

"When Ihe AHA stai led there 

 were II teams. Now there are 
1C. There has been a lot of sjiifling around, but only two franchises have actually been completely dissolved. 

Oakland 
Oaks, 
Anaheim. 

Dallas, the Pittsburgh Pipers, 
Houston and the New Jersey 
Americans. 

"The 
.second year, the 

Muskies moved lo Miami and 
Ihe Pipers moved to Minnesota. 
The (bird season, Minnesota moved back lo Pittsburgh and became the Condors. 

"The 
Floridians and the 

Cnndor.s were disbanded at the start of the 1973 season — the year San Diego came in — and they are the only two franchises to dissolve." Hleinbriilge recalls. 
"There's been a lot nf shift- 

 ing," Terry said. 

"Tlie Ainigos became the l.ns 

Angeles Stars and finally the 
Utah Stars. Oakland dovelojwd inlo the Washington Capilals and now the Virginia Squires. 
New 
Orleans moved lo 

Memphis, where it became (he 
Pros and Iheti Ihe Tarns. New 
Jersey moved to New York and became the Nels. The Carolina 
Cougars aro Ihe Houston 
Mavericks' offspring. 

"And Dallas, of course, is 

 now the San Antonio Spurs. 

Good Reasons 

"There were numerous 

 reasons for the league's cons- tant face-changing in the early years," Terry noted. 

"Attendance was pour, no 

 place tu play, weak ownership, or perhaps the owner wont bankrupt." 

"The gyms weren't the best, 

 he continued. 

"We played in old Tcaneck 

Armory in New Jersey. It was a cold, dreary and dismal place that looked like a throwback to the Revolutionary War. 

"The next year we played 

Xew York in Commack, Long 
Island. 1 had lo broadcast the 

 game silting on lop of a Cuke box!! YIIU didn't get any sta- tistics, you hail lo wear your jacket because of the cold, and 
Ihe basketball goals weren't even the right height. 

"Now, New York plays in the 

Nassau Counly Coliseum, one of the great arenas in llic country, with Ili.OOO comforta- ble seals." 

High-Scoring 

Facilities arc no! the only 

 things abuul (he AHA Ilia! have changed. 

"There was a lo! of offense in 

Ihe early days and it was really competitive." said Terry. 

"One nighl Dallas got heat by 

Miami. 1oo-155, and the ueM nigh! it beat Washington, 
155-U7. Grcul, exciting games. 

"Hun and shoot. If they 

 scored, so what? Yon were go- ing to score, too. Some of that excitement is gone because the teams and the talent are belter. 

"Tom Nissalke is aiming lhal 

 new breed of coaches coming to the front, like Dick Motla of 

TERRY STEMBRIDGE AT THE MICROPHONE' 

..."From Ihe beautiful Convention Center Arena by the river..." 

Sears Pre-Season Boating Sale 

^^TL. 
.,^* 
C7 

Save $28 On 

12-Ft. Gamefisher 

Sale Prices 

In Effect Thru 
Wed., April 17 

Here's a boat loaded with fisherman-oriented features, from the how trolling motor mount lo ihe stern carrying handles. In hn- 
Iwcen you'll find a skid-resistant floor, drain tunnels and slor- age grooves. And the. molded-in color resists fading. The Game- fisher. Only al Sears. 

Regular $235 
$ 
7 

Use Sears Easy Payrrent Plan 

Kupok Filled 

Buoyancy Cushion 

Itcg. 85.99 
4 

Mods Coasl Guard floin- lion requirement. Orange or lur<|uoise stripes. 

Save $2o.o7 4-Man Inflatable Boat 

Itrgiilur 89 
(>.<>5 
88 
79' 

Durable ncoprone-ruhberized nylon resists sun, oil, water. Detaclmlilc wooden mnlor mount. 2 nir chnni- bcrs inflate separately for nilded safety. llcgulur 859.^5 2-Mun Influiuhlc Haul 
Tlcgular SJ 1o.95 6-Mon Inflntubfe limit 

Ted Williams 

1o-Specd Electric 

Fishing Molor 

Sears "Whirlwind" 

11-Ft. Sail Boat 

Sears Price 

$ 1 

Here's a lightweight, casy-lo-handle hoal for beginning snilors . . . designed for iniriitiinin mainlrn.incr: and repair. Hull weighs only 4o pounds; with inasl 6o piiiinils. flright oranjjc anil white sail. 

He Ruhr 
£61.oo 4988 

Trn tprcrJl TorMirt] ihrn f|[j) 
H\r iwjich fur len iprrdi in 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Satit/action Guaranteed 

 or Your Money Back 
Sears 

Ted Williams 

7.5 Horsepower 
Outboard Motor 

SPOUTS 
CENTER 

Sura, Rvefclck ud C», • |I«IM «f UK Tt4 WlUUtiu bfuid 

Gels ynu to where llic fisli arc fnst! New engine sliroml inenna a 
([iiieL engine. 'J'ilt lock holds engine up when nnt in use. With full-range gear shift. 

UovcnlriHn 1'Jii/ii Store 

Soloihnl nl IVnvurro 

Moil, anil 'I'liurn. <):'M-<t 
All Other I)ay» <Ji.'i()-6 

5oo-11). Cnpacily "V" Frame Trailer 

 llntnllcslioatmip lo IWl. lnnB. 
Hcgulnr 81 7(J.<Xi. 

Ktisy lonil frnture gels your honl inlo nnil out of llin waler fnsl! 
"1 A f\$t ft 

 running liglils, winch, ro|>e. I ^Mj^-w 
With 

Military Dr. Slorr al I'lraaanlnn ltd, 

Man. thru Knl. 

 tanlrnl I'nrk 

Snii IViIro nl I.<mp <tlO 

Mnn. itirn Snl. 

Hamm, Franta Earn 
State Meet Berths 

Trinity Shares 
Tennis Crown 

AUSTIN (Spl)—Trinity and 

Houston tied for team honors in tlic Texas Relays Tennis tour- nament at the University of 
Texas courts Saturday. 

Trinity and Houston both 

 finished with 2o points, and 
Texas followed with 1G points 
•mil Texas A&M •>. 

The title gave Trinity's men heir first intercollegiate 

 championship in two years 
—since the Tigers' captured lie national title in 1972. 
The Tigers had lo rally in the hird doubles final lo gain (be ic. All Houston needed to do lu vin the crown outright was lo uivc Tom McArdlc and Jim ilacNairy beat Bill McGowau md Buck Taylor outright. 

McArdlc and MacNairy led 

•1-o in Hie tic-breaking set, but 
McGowait and Taylor rallied to score the next five points to win the scl at 7-G and the match, 
7-C. 3-li. 

The results: 

SINGLES 

NO. ONE FINAL: DIM Mulvaillk. 

Tr.:nllv. dcf. Don Holson. TD*OS. 76. 6 4. 
NO. TWO FINAL: Jim Tlmmlni. Tilnilf, del. Oob Oqle, Houilon, 6 1 . 7.6. HO. 
1HRL-G FINAL: Bale Oat/en, Houston, del. Gourds Nunei. Texas, 6O. 76. NO. 
FOUR FINAL: Grch.am Wholing. le*as. cJcl. t,*.a'.\ Rclney, Houston, 6-1, 7-i. NO. 
FIVr FINAL- DIM McGowan, Trinity. rtcl. Dnn Gvllcld, Texas. 6-2. 2-6, 7-6. NO. 
SIX FWAL: Tom Aid'e. Houslon. tfef. 
Biod llaucrs, Tp*as, &7, 63. 

DOUBLES 

NO. ONE FINAL: Loo Morv Oudcn. 

Hcuiron. del. vvhalina-llolsun, Texas. 6 1. 
•16. 6-2. HO. IWO FINAL: rli;r.ci-S1cwurl 
Kclter, Texas, del. Uniniins-John Burr- liwir.n, TrlnJtv. '-6. * 6, 6-7. NQ. THRaC 
FINAL: McGowon Buck Taylor, Trinity, del. rAcCardlc-Jfm MatinoFrv. Houslo->, 

7-6. 36. 7-6. 

TEAM POINTS: 
Trinilv /O, Houston 

2o. Tcxa-i 16. Texas Aav\ 2. 

AUSTIN (Spl) — Trinity's; 

\Iary Hanim and Val Franla 
'urncd trips to the Texas Cum- nissinn on Intercollegiate 
\lhlelics For Women (TCIAW) tale championship Saturday n Ihe University of Texas in- ramural courts. 

Ilamni captured Ihe District singles title by downing li;ir- 

>ara Ilambridgc of Mary-liar- 
Hi Simmons. The sophomore 
1'igeretle won here eighth in- ercollegiate women's title. 
She teamed with Frauta in he doubles final In defeat (lie 
'exas duo nf .lo Ann Kur/ and 
Mary Trcdennick. 

Both Ihe winners and losers 

 in each final received lickels lo 
Ihe stale mecl set for April ili-27 at 
Lamar 
U n i v e r s i t y in 

Beaumont. 

Trinity's .loo Anne Russell 

 sustained an injury during the second set of singles play and later lost lo.llambridgc, Hussell and Donna Stockton had to default in doubles competition localise of (ho former's injury. 

1CIAW TOURNEY 

SINGLES: 
Morv Hooim IT) del. Jo 

Ann Kun, T c x o s . it, 6-o. Uorbura 

Anne Russell IT! 62, 7 6 

FINALS 
Hanini (Icf. llamurldoe 4-o, 3 6, 6o 
DOUBLES: Homm-Val l-ranla ITI del. 

Hafilbrldoc-Sliuron HIM, Mnry Hordin 
Baylor. 6-1. 61; K^fl-Wurv Trerter.r.kx, 
Texas, def. Russell-Donna Stockton, defau'l. 

 liamni-Fron|r,F!lcrALKr 

Spurs' Season Over; 
ABA Draft Is Next 

Continued from 
IK 

 does nol plan In spend a bundle in llic draft. 

Wcdnes;id;iy's d r a f l order 

 will ]x according tn Hie leain's season records. Worst record 
(Memphis) will drafl first in i-ach round, second worsl ncxl, iindsii fur 111.. 

Draft Order 

The order of Ihe drafl will he 

Memphis, Virginia, Denver and San Diego, Sun Atilotiin, 
Indiana, Carolina. Utah, Ken- lucky and New York. 

San Diegn and Denver tied 

 fur in Ihe regular season play so Ihe Q'.s will drafl lliinl in eveii'Uiiinhercd rounds and Ihe 
Ituckels will ilrafl third iii mid- munbnrcd rounds. 

For (tie start of lite third 

 round uf drafting Wednesday, 
San Aulotiio will lie the ninth lc;im lit pick a player. S.A traded ils lliinl nninil d r a f l pick lo Utah earlier in the year for Hobby Warren, Inil llic 
Spurs gol Kentucky's third nninil choice in the .Inc Ilatull- ton deal. 

SUn ling llic fourth rmind, (he 

Spurs will go back In picking f i f t h in nrdcr. 

S.A. lias twu fourth rounil 

 picks—ils own and Imllnnas, llic hitler coming in the l!i>l> 
N'otiillcky Iraiistictlon. 

Regular Spot 

The Spurs Mien have lliolr 

 regular pn.slllori In the f l f l l i through ninth rounds, hut wll have two Ifllh round jilclis, llic ndnlltiina! choice cinnlnj; frun 
(he New York Nels In cxcliaiijii for llic rights lo lioli Modcll o 
Maryland. 

"It's very seldom anil ran; 

Unit you ean pick up anybody whn can help after llic Iliird riniiiil," said Davalos. 
"It's 

 unlikely dial we can net 

 anybody woi'ltiwhilo after (he third." 

Davidos will have In do some 

 homework, in fad, In irnnie up with enough names lo la.sl 

 iucli (lie inili round, "lleek, 

I'll have to lii-ing mil my En- cyclopedia 'of naskc'lliall 

Players as a reference hy Ihe time we net to Ihe IIHIi riiuiul," tic laughed. 

There will be more un- 

 derclassmen applying for 

 hardstiiii classifications Itiis year in (he NCAA, believes 
Davalos. Therefore, Ibcrc will tic Inls more imderclassmcn drafted by iMilh lcat;ues. 

Davalos ranks UCLA's Dill 

Wallon and Niirlli. Carolina 
Slate's David Thompsim as the cream of ihe crop. Thompson, however, is only a junior and 
.says hi! plans In stay al NCS for his senior season. 

Oilier players nininrcd lo 

 have been draflcd In Ihe seerel session are Hill Knij.),! ,,f 

 tlslnirKti, Dennis Duviil uf 

Syracuse, .Icssc Dark of Vlr- 

 iila 
CommonwcaHli and 

Hrucc "Sky" 
Klnj; of Pan 

American. . 

. 
HACINO SdMMAUY 

KEtllELAIID': Atli'uixl SloVfi, rirtt 

 nlvhlon: Vn^geil Wlihei (tu 3QI 
Chr.MiheJ V.onienl, Joy Dnr I'tl. Sevtn furlcnut nod U4 fell In I:;A 4-s Sfcooil 
Clvl^lon; ^nude Muller 
111 lot 

Ckniaiir*. Ifliti S-xinnl. limed In !;7; 

SUMLAMD: 
Fculurt-l Mini nn'tl- 

V/IBC (111, Dnclo/i Lllllo Mnn. M«kl< niulntlv. F 
:lv6 ond !•> lurlancj, in 1:o1 

A'auCfeUCff Exclllltr linn 

•lltriB-tverlon II (11.1o). I'Mnt, [)„" hVlt'" "' ''"* """ '""' """^"l 

IIIALC/Mt: 
Illnlem, Tutl Cun-Bl,, 

V«imolniUnl HJUOI, OuldoMi, W lorw. Mile unit n iKiH In !:7J |/J n 

Another Masters 

. T h e tournament named The Masters finishes up today, but the event billed as the 
Women's Masters is ju.st set-to begin a six-day run Tuesday. 
' That would he the Colgate-' 
Dinah Sliore Winners Circle 
Tournament In Palm Springs, and in lime it should develop into just that, the Masters for women. 

The purse this year is 

$2oo,ooo. with 32 grand going to 
(he winner, and the entries are limited, lo (lie best of the women golfers. 

It's probably because of the 

 lack of tradition — (his is only the third lime Colgate and 
Dinah have collaborated to make this a high-income affair 
— but it hasn'l reached thai level yel, according to 1973 winner Mickey Wright. 

Asked how much it meant lo 

 win this one, she said, "It meant a groat deal, bill it was because il was my first win in almost four years. It was a personal conquest, proof 1 could still control my emotions enough to win. 

"But it didn't mean as much 

 as some of the others. I tiiink il meant Hie most to me to win the U.S. Women's Open in San Diego, my home (own." 

But, after all, Mickey has 

MICKEY WRIGHT 

...82 victories 

 won 82 tournaments and that's a lot of victories to choose a favorite from. 

Besides, "The idea of winning 

 thai much mnnoy is so mncal I still haven't gotten used to it," she chuckled. 

Big Bundle 

She got $25,ooo for winning 

 last year and twice in the past 
(19o1 and 1962) she won 1o tournaments without collecting that much for the entire year. 

Tliis year's (op prize is more 

 than Mickey earned in any year except 1973, when she cashed in for more than $36,ooo and failed lo make the lop 1o In winnings by one place. 

"The contrast in this year's 

 tour and just a few years ago is obvious," said Mickey. 

"It's fantastic. You can play 

 four days now and gel lucky and win as much as I used to do in a year. Money was never my primary goal, but sllll..." 

Where is il all heading? Ever 

 onward, ever upward? Mickey is a realist. 

"Who knows? It depends on 

 the general economy of Ihe country, and on whether we can attract more of the big spon- sors. The money will atlract better players and that will make our tournaments more attractive." 

There are three other six- 

 figure purses on the tour this year and all have a commercial sponsor — Sears, S&H Green 
Stamps, and Desert Inn of Las 
Vegas. 

Don't get the idea Mickey is 

 blase about the Colgate -Dinah 
Shore tourney,though. 

"It's a great tournament, and 

I Ihink in time it will become the Women's Masters. It's on a good golf course (Mission 
Hills) and they do everything righl for the players, the press and the fans. They do a fantas- tic job." 

Out of Action 

Mickey won't be defending 

 her championship, but it isn't' by choice. She had a neuroma, a growth on Ihe nerve sheath, removed from (he base of her left lues a month ago and is just now gelling off crutches. 

Her doctor, who assisted in a 

 similar operation on Patty 
Herg in 11)6o, "says I can walk in a couple more weeks. 

"I have no idea when I'll Ire 

 able to play again. There's no way of predicting. But I ab- solutely will not play until I have completely healed. 

I'robably Atlanta or Raleigh." 

That would mean Ihc first or 

 second week in May before she toes It up in earnest again. 

But while 
Mickey 

 recuperates in Boca Union, 
Fla., the louriiamcnl goes on. and fur mosl of Ihe ladies tins line is the rrrrreally big one. 

This week "Dinah's Place" 

 is Palm Springs but, as usual, she'll lie on TV. ABC will carry 
Ihe last two rounds of the Ti- holc tourney (one of only four 
Ibis year for the women) Sa- turday and Sunday. 

The gals enjoy the pro-am 

 rounds Tuesday and Wednes- day, (oo. There's 515,ooo nl slake and Ihcy play with celebrities, including Dinah herself. 

The prestige comes later, in 

Ihc LPGA in June and the Open in .Inly, but Iho big paycheck is in Palm Springs, for those good enough lo qualify for Ihc field. 

And in years lo come this 

 lournamenl should acquire as much prestige as (he other two and make il Ihe Big Three. 

Since only one person — 

Mickey Wright — has ever won the Big Two in one year, lhat should be enough for a while. 

Leske, Kopplin 
To Defend Title 

Over Ji.CKin win-Ill of trnptiips 

:ui(] pri/i's will lie presented winners in the lllh annunl 
Siintii liosii Mcdiciil Center Rol( 
Innhiuiiivnt May ii -it Kanynn 
Crcok cminlry clul). 

"There will he no more 

 trnvclhiR trophies," says .Ine 
Ayers, president nf the spoil- s<>ri]if,'.S:inla Ilosa Men's Club. 
"\Ve want winnois In lie iihlc lo lake llieir Iropliics hninc and keep them." 

Biitli cn-cliiiinpiiin A. C. 

Le.ske and Ki'ii Kopplin will lie linck In di'fonil Hie lillc. KiiL-h 
-shot 75 in Id?.! In sliiirc'liiimirs. 

 liesirli'.s Hit- meilitllsl t-liiiiu- 

]iliin, Micro will he f"«r nllicr flighl winners with cadi tn rewivc » trophy anil jiriiic. 
Older awards ulll he niailc for longest drives mill <:loscst-ln- l>ln. 

A Krand (nlal of 1o1 plnycrs 

 have iilrciidy enlrrcd. 

The Men's Clul) seeks dnn:i- 

 tlons nf $55 pc-r player wlili'll cnvurs hreakfast rolls and "if- fee, tamnles nnd irfrcsliments al nnnn, KIWII ft'<! «ml B'ilfMi'1. 
Holf hull mid lees, liolf cnp, fellowship liinir, hnffc! dinner nnd it cliniiri' nl «"lf '^ <liu)r prl/.i's. 

I'rorceils will i:« lo piirchiisu' 

 needed uqulpiiient fur Hie 

 wheelchair Iherapy unil at 
Villa Rosa Psychiatric and 
KoliahililiUion annex. 

Tn reserve a spol in (he 

 morniiifj field, gnlfcrs may tall 
Hie Santa Ilosa public relations department, 228-2IDS. _ 
East Texas 
Claims Title 

COMMERCE, Tex. (Al>) - 

 llosl Easl Texas Slate defended its nwn invilalinnal n<»lf tnur- uat]]cnt S;itur<!;iy dospile a fine final ronnil hy Sam Houston 
Stale and the llearknls' (!reK 
Anilines. 

Sam llniislnn picked up two 

 shots mi Hie Hast Texas l.ions 
Saturday to finish willi a r!«i/ilinlu tenm lotal of S-15, fourleen back of Knst Texas' 

Tarlelnn Slale finished llilnl 

 at Slil fnllim-ed hy Paris .lunlor 
College wilh H7(], (iraysnn 
C.'ouilly .Jiniliir College al H77, 
Kast Texas Slale Kn. '2 team 
Rfli), Ounchlla llaiillst 9oo mid' 
Ihe Univeislly of Dallas 9o1. 

Anlunes, who won Ihe I.DIIC 

Slur Conference here two weeks ii^n. (ii'i'd 11 final round 
115, seven tinder par, lo rapture medalist linuorx over Kasl 
Texas' 
Hub Parnull. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 
1974 
Pag> 5-K 

Sears 
Steel Belted Radial 

TheTireThat Saves Gas! 

Engine Tune-Up 

American-Made Cars 

4 or 6-cylinder 8-cylinder 

 f}88* I288* 

Independent t«at§ have proven thatSeara Steel 
Belt«l lUdiaU, when com- pared to our leading fiber gla» belted tire, Improved gas mileage by an average of 7.4% when driven at v«rl- oaa speeds. That's on cars representing both foreign' and domestic categories. • 

*l>lu> I'url, 
GAS CONSUMPTION TEST 

(MPG = mile, per gallon) 

Car 

ToyoU 

Average:' 

M.verlek 

Averager 
Ford 
(391 
CIO) 

Average: 

Lincoln 

 fUerafe: 

Tta! Sp<*d 

35 
5o 
7o 

3S 
SO 
7o 

35 
6o 
7o 

35 
5o 
7o 

Grand Total 
A.erairc: 

MPi; on 

Heara 
Flbtr (ilaaa 
Belted Thr* 

31. IB 
3o,5o 
21.95 
27.677 
3o.o3 
27.o8 
19.7o 
25.8o3 
21.26 
19.63 
14.45 
18.4o3 
17.J3 
1».75 
13 38 
IS. 887 

21,S»7 

MPOon 

Sfara 
SlKlBallnl nad!alTlr« 

33.«o 
31.9o 
21.33 
2S.8O 
33.18 
21.28 
21.35 
27.137 

2 2. CO 
11.1o 
K.SO 
2o.M7 

1».M 
17.75 
14.83 
17.137 

23.4M 

MFOkicnuttn % wllhiScin 
Btwl Ballad 
Radial Tim 
+ 8,725? 
-1- 2.92B 
4- 1.53 if 
+ t.s»% 
+1o.4IK f 8.12* 
•f 8.S8J6 
•f- S.1236 
+ «.4SSS f 1.84 55 
4-14.U55 
-I- 9.o42 « 
J 8.MJ6 s.tri 
+ «.34!6 
-f 7.8«B9S • 

-f- 7.41o% 

Sears CHECK POINT 

Tuneup Team Tester Kit 

Regular S59.95 

Five Test itislriimciils 
,95 

Tcsl cr)iii]imcn! for liming up mosl rtiginci. Kil includes: dwclt-taehomrlor, DC powered liming light, rcmolo starling switch, coni}irc6bio]i vacuum gauge and fuel puiii|> icstur. 

Seart Highway P.u»enfer Tiro Guarantee 

(1) 

'if o1 p¥* 

 it the number of mile* tfn b*c>xr,:n| uniwrvjctjiblt due 
:*d li4«uTd». or (-3) Irrid wti 

** re* 1 

 tf you dg r.;.t i-fct b«4u»e of yc-jr lire dtfixM. t2) norm... i 
W« will: At out opt-in. ricKiflit il fL you • refund ch..r*ir;j in cither rtur onl/ lK«- proportion of the tfi*n cunt nl*»*l:ni pric* pliu 
Fediril Kit-* Ui ttuit rrpr^nU m'iaXcvWa. 
II IK* lire u vnMrvknb:r due lo my of Lhe 
Above CIUM« brfoie 1o% of the fujrinlt«d railr*(i i* icctiirecf, Ihe i-tr-Ucrnicnt or refund will be nude with rw C>u r| r fc r mile* ft [eccivcd. 

Nt^l purKluicM KL]] b* rtp«Lrcd il no tK*r|e, 
Gurinln ipplk* to t\m t,-\ yrhklrw i-.vd (or privita family purpotM. 

Tul Conducltd by an Independent Tr»tlnf Co., at [lied apetda over measured dlalance*. 

The reason for the improved gas mileage is in the con-; 

Btruction of the tire. Steel belts and radial design cre- ated less internal resistance to rolling. Therefore, it: took less horsepower to move the car. The results are' simple and impressive. The findings represent dollar savings between 4>A% and 9%. In a time when gaso- line is in short supply and the cost of running a car keeps going higher, we're glad the Sears Steel Belted 
Radial can help. 

GUARANTEED 4o,ooo MILES 

Usi: Scars Easy Payment Plan 

Sale prices in effect thru April 18 

Sfara Btcal B<lt«l 

Radial Tub«]«M Whllffwall 

165-13 or 6.o(1-13 

175-13 or 6.5o- 13 

185-14 or (>.<>5-M 

195-14 or 7.33/7.75-14 

2o5-14 or B.25-14 

215-14 or U.55-14 

•165-15 or5.'JO/6.oo-15 

2o5-15 or 8.15/8.25-15 

215-15 or«.<.5/8.55-l5 
225-15 or 8.85-15 

Scan Prlea with Old TU« 
44.oo 
46.oo 
52.oo 
55.oo 
62.oo 
68.oo 
52.oo 
65.oo 
71.oo 
78.oo 

Flua Fedaral 
EieUeTai 
1.81 
1.95 
2.25 
2.42 
2.71 
3.o3 
1.97 
2.86 
3.II 
3.34 

Steel-Belted Radial for Sports Cars 

Sears Tune-Up/TesJing Kit 

Scars Tunc-Up/Tcsting Kil in. 
„ 
».-..,,.- 

 clinics I'cnskc Knjjnc An»K/zcr: 
IlcB- bcl)- ' rlcns SI.•>...«)5 

 our best DC-pywcrcd 'nraing 
-en 

Light; our hesl Coitijircbsiou 
Li 

Tester; comiiiiiation Vacuum 
Pn 

Gauge/Fuel Pump/1'CV 
Valve 
_H 

Teslcr; llcmotc Slarlcr Switch; and 47 page Tunc-Up Manual will] over 75 iiluflrnlinns. 

GUARANTEED 
4o,ooo Miles 

• Sleel bells reduce Ircud squirm 

• • • g^e good gas mileage 

• Radial pHes provide coulcr run- 

 ning, independent aldewall aclinii for gooii handling. Uuilt wilh Ihc 
Bamc toughneab an our regular- size radial. 
Comblnci the 

Hrengih of Bleel, Ihe «moolh ride of rayon cord, plus radial con- 

Krucllon for luperb fleering con- trol. 

Small Car 

Radial 

 with Old Tirn 
•1.65-K1 or 

6.oo-13 
' 1.73- 14 or 
6.45/6.95-14 
*].5S-l5or 

5.6o-15 

*1.6S-15or 
5.9o/6.oo-15 

Low-I'r iced 
Ulnckwnlls 

36.oo 
44.oo 
39.oo 

44.oo 

Plus 

K.K.T. 

1.59 

1.91 

1.57 

1.78 

*Tubc-lype Tire 

Regular S8.oo Wheel Balance 
Set of 4 Wheels 

[32 

Shock Abiorbor Guarenteo 

II Heavy-Duly Shock Absorber f.n.s due lo (<iLilly mnlciiiils or workmtiri- ship or wear5.out while 1ho Olfqin.il purch.-wcr owns Ihc Ciir, it will ho replaced upon rdurr. ffco ol chaigo, or thii purchase price will tic re- funded. If Iho defective shock ab- sorber was Installed by Scar,1,, wo will Inshll Iho new shock absorber 
•vi1h no chargo for labor. 

Knoh 

Regular *7.99 

Sizes to fit most American- made cam. Helps restore driving cnnlrol and comfort to ynur car. 

Sears . . . Home of the SteadyRiHer 

Shock Absorbers. 

Fust, low coat h.Htallntion is 

 available at Sears. 

STP Oil Trcalmcnt for Henlthy Engines 

99' 

STPoiUildtllvf liuir.lhy miny fnnoii»rir« nr driver*. 
15 o1.«( Mlli« rarr,r*a «il|i«1H 

Ador 93 days wo M.ll lOpTaco II wim 
3 nflw biliary if tJafacliv.*, chirglng only foi Ihe jjoi.od ol ownoitMp. 
Your monlhl)' chatgoj tor owrvarahlp will bo CCmp'ij.fld t>f dividing Iho cuuenl Colling price loss t(a*a-[.l il 
Iho lirr.o Q| ie(-j;n. by Iho numbflr ol rionihs ol gunantao. 
SAVE 

Sears 42-Month GUARANTEED Battery 

SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE 

Satiifacllon Ouaranlctd or Your Money Dark 

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. 
Sears 

Kcgulur 

 with trnilc-iu 
With Irndc-in 

Put fresli hnttery power in your car now, for improved performance. Sizes to fit most American-made cnrs and pickup trucks. Get a Sears battery at sale prices, now! 

Tire and Auto Center 

 i.M°fc'nMSh|n|,11 
>'»>"l;'«»hU'.Sl»rf 
Mil.l.r, ll.l.rSlnr, 
4>»tr.l l'.,k Slurr 
T,«V Tlr, 

""nS!;1!!^!""1' 
,S«'riUl! «lNl»«r. al 1'lri.unln. 11,1. 
San IVJio al I ™,, 11o 
Cr.lrr 

A«l_.ii.inll.rJ2lt.iUfl 
UN N. llarlbmr 
^«l"'""ll" — 

 nlnn. thru llrra 2 jll'l^'m 

Sal. H-J 
Mou, A Ihu,.. 7,,li|.'| 

Tiift., Oil., hi., Sm. Mil 

__ 
Mon. ikruS.l. 

Hi». (km S«t. 
Mnn. Ikm S.I. 
Mon. Ikru S.I, 
'Ml 

•M-l(:HIIIIIIII(M]I)STOHr.S (tnntlllrnKnd arxlrrt ihnxn .li.i al SVInMjorhonJ alorM)i 

II »cil Air. 
96J llan.lrra Ilil. 
Main Wuriliatfc al 
I BOO S. W.V « hlle Rd. 

Mon. Ihiii r'rl. 9-7. Salur.lay <>•!, 
. 

Uxhrrul (3l> 

1631 fal Rook, rnj. 

1-153-7.91 

Mgn. Ikru Fcl. 8.8 

3<lurJajB-[> 

 jj 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—Sunday, April 14, 1974 

Satberry Propels Owls to Team Title 

In Regional Qualifiers 

By Harry Page 

OF THE EXPRESS NEWS STAFF 

Calvin Satberry sparked the Highland Owls 

 to a team victory in the SAISD Regional 
Qualifiers track and field meet at Alamo 
Stadium Saturday afternoon. 

 iiml ended up four 111 in (he 

CVttlt. 

Among tlio individual slurs nf 

Ilic day, aside from Satberry, were George Adkisoii of South 

Satberry van a 49.6 in the 

41o-yard dash (o win the evunt, 

-•• and anchored both of 

'••Highlands' -14o-yard and mile 
: relay teains. 
' The Owl's compiled 58 points 

' • to outdistance Fox Tech with -19 

14 points; • nd Ciicro with 48 
.points iind r a hat, snrmy, and 

' cloudless sk.\\ 

Cucro was Iciiding Highlands 

 by two points (4o-^ii) goiuj! into llio mile relay and needed only a first or second place to win 
Mic meet title. However, the 

• - Gobblers had a weak first leg 

GENERAL AGENT 

MILITARY tiff SALES 

"BEST" recommended 

 company seeking a General 
Agent to handle LIFE soles lo Military clients . . . Write 
P.O. Sox 8o8, Corpus 
Ctiristi, Texas 784o3 

.San Antonio, Ikyon Hildebrand of Hqosevell, Arthur U'liitlint!- ton.of Cucro, and Marccll Var- 
(jas of Fox Tech. 

Vargas, who finished third in 

 the 32-AAAA meet last «peek and didn't q u a l i f y for the 
K'giunals, surprised the mile- run field by finishing first with a 4:24.8. The Fox Tech runner was ineligible for a place. 

 llildeliraml broke (he nieel's 

 uuly record uud established a new city best in probably the most exciting event of Hie day 
— the Infill jump. 

Roosevelt's leu per cleared 

 the bar at 6-7 on his third jump to win the event over Mike 
Jones of Jefferson mid liruce 
Williams of Edgcwood. Junes and Williams ended the event 

 with their best Jpmps of the year, ti-6 and G-5, respectively. 

Adkison was the only in- 

 dividual double-winner of the day. South Sun's aec won the 
12o-yard high hurdles in 14.7 

 and Hie 33o-yard intermediate hurdles In 3!l.l). 

Whittingtcin was the '22o-ynfd 

 dash in a Mushy lime of ^1.o. anchored Cnero's •Utl-vnnl and 

I 
Friday's Late Boxes 

LOS ANGELES .. HOUSTON abr h tl abrh w 

 i\\ar shall p 
Wynne! 
Fefguionc 
WCrwIrdrf 
C«y3a 
Garvcy tb 
Rusieflii 
Motapn 
ALwbach pr 

2 1 Melzgerss 
. o o HHmsit> 

4 o 1 o MiibMrte?b 
I o t> o Ced£fwc( • 
o o o o Watson If 

3 o o o LMaylb 
5 o o o GrcHlf 
• 4 o 2 1 DgRaderJb 
4 2 3 o Brown ff 
2 o o o Callage ph 
1 o 1 o MMayC 
o o o o Osfiwnp 
2 o o o For scrip 
o o o o 

 t I \ o 
2 o 1 o 
1ooo 
4 1 7 1 
3 2 2 o 
oooo 
3 1 1 3 
1 o o a 
2 o M 
3ooo' 
1ooo 
3 o 1 o 
2ooo 
oooo 

T o t a l 36 3 9 3 
TcrcE 

E—CCY- DP—LOS Anqelw 2. LOD—LOJ 

Angek-i 11, Kouslfu 5, 3B-Garvev 3 
3D—Mtltger. Watson. HK—t-.Miy 
o). 

Sfl—Coders 2, OgRadw. S-Osteeo. 

IP 
H R ER BB SO 
Downing (L.o-3) 
5 2-3 5 
-» t ] 
3 

Brewer 
I 1-i 1 o o o 1 

Marshall 
1 
2 
1 
1 
o 
o 

Ween (W.I 1) 
7 1 3 9 
3 
3 
5 
4 rnr«,on 
1 7 3 o 
o 
o 
o 
1 

Save-Forsch <l), T-?:3o. A—2<-,423. 

MAY WE PRESENT 

JAMES G. RUPPERT, CLU 

In recognition of his outstanding 

 accomplishments during the past year, 
James G. Ruppert, CLU has been elect- ed a member of the exclusive Presi- dent's Club of Pan-American Life. His membership in this organization places him among the top ten per cent of all agents in the Company's entire United 
States sales organization. 

NORM BEVAN CLU & ASSOCIATES 

1o3oo Heritage 

San Antonio, Texas 78216 
342-1211 

 representing Pan-American Life • New Orleans 

ST LOUIS 
PITTSBURGH 

 ab r h bl ab r h bl 

Brockll 
S 3 1 o Tnverajjs 4 o 1 o 

Si7cmorc2l> 6 o 1 ? Popovtchss 7 o o o 
R5mi1hrl 
Torre Ib 
SimilKTIiC 
.VcDrttecf 
Reit*3b 
Dwyerlb 
Tyson ss 

Md er.de tpli 
Rlcticrlp 
Pcoap 
Krabo^vP 
Gflfmcnp 
AtCrvrph 
FWkersp 

Hebnw3t> 
S i l l 
4 1 3 o 
6 o 1 o 
S J I I 
4 I 4 3 
. -o o Zlskrf 
5 o 3 o DPATkerlb 
o o o o StennettSD 
6 o 1 o 

4 o o o MByanc 
- - - - 

1 o o o Krkpatrlkc 
o o o o Reussc 
2 o o o GlusHp 
M O O RH*andrp 
o o o o 

o o o o BRobMsnph 1 o o o 
1 o \ o Mwiann 
o o o o 

o o o o Cllneipn 
1 o o o 

o o o o Klsonp 
o o o o 

1 M o o o o o 

3 o o o 
1 1 1 - 
3 o 1 . 
o o o o 

Ji 7 1J 6 
Tora( 
45 6 IS 5 

SI. Louis 
MOMMMo1— 7 
Pittsburgh 
oo< DM Oil c»— i 

E—Tyvyi, HcittW 1. Trjuras. DP—SI. 

LOJIS 1. Pilfiburgh 3. LOB-SI. Louis W 
Pillsburc)!! 13 3B-Siien-we, Slmnioii. 
O.Parkef. Klrknalrick. HEbrw. HR— 
D.Parkcc (1), iisv (i). SB-A.OIIver. 

S'rbert 
Rltherr 
Pena 
Hraboskv 
Garmon (WJ-o) 
Folkcrs 
RCuW 
Giusll 
R.Hernandz 

KisonlL.o1) 
WP-Sebert. 

A—9,524. 

IP 
H R ER BE) SO 

6 
8 
J 
4 
3 
7 

2 
3 
2 
o 
o 
o 
o 

1 
I 
1 1 
Q o 

3 
3 
3 
1 
1 
o 
o 

1 2 3 1 
o 
o 
1 
o 

1 
o 
o 
o 
o 
1 

6 1 3 6 
4 
\ 
? 
4 

13 2 
2 
o 
1 
o 

1 13 1 o o 
o 
1 

1 
I o o I o 

Ba'x—•vjxlan. T—3:31. 

CHICAGO 

PKtHlyrt 

DAJIcn lb 
Met f on 3 b 
Sanlo2t> 
HoirJrsncI 
Muser Oh 
Hirmmnc 
DrA'.n'rvgc 
Denies 
Forsfcrp 
A^oranp 
Granger p 

CALIFORNIA 

 at> rh bl atxr h bl 

4 o o o Rlverscf 
4 2 2 3 
4 o o o Schnblmrf 
? o t 1 

2 o o o Oialkss i 2 3 3 

• 4 1 1 1 Vslmlinc-If 
1 o o o 

4 o 2 o Lahoudll 
2 ' 1 2 

A o 1 o FRcbnsncfh 4 7 3 3 
4 o 7 o ROIIvef » 
5 1 1 o 
3 o o o Epslemib 
- - - - 

o o o o McCrawlb 
3 o o o Stanlonrf 
o o o o EIRrfrgefC 
o o o o DDOyleTt) 
o o Q o NRvanp 

4ooo 
1 1 1 2 
422o 
3 3 1 o 

Tolal 
32 1 6 i 
Tolal 
39 15 16 15 

Chicago 
«a 1oo ooo— l 

California 
?n 31o o*^—15 

E—Mwlon 3, Henderson. Den I. P.Xelty 
5die;nWm. DP—Chief3o 3, California ?. 
LOB—Ch-cago A, CaVforr.ia 8. 2B—AH/sor, 
Sia-nton. D.Doj-le. HR—F.Rtfj'nicn [j(, 
A^eJfon (3),Lahoud (o 

IP 
H R FR SB SO 
Former (L,o?J 
3 1 - 3 8 
J 
6 
1 
o 
Mcran 
3J.3 3 
7 o 
2 1 

Granger l 
6 
6 
6 
2 
1 

N.Ryan [W.3-1J 
B 
5 
1 
1 
? 
6 

Lockwood 
\ 
1 o o 
o 
1 

HBP—by Focsier (Valcnrre), by V.wan 
(Valcntrne), by Mcran (EIRdrger). T— 

 mile rpluy leiiins to second mid fonrlli plate finishes, iind finislii'd sixlli in Ihe litgli jump. 

The 1oo-yard (lush was 

 inlerestiiiH iiiul Hie projtvlivc 
88o-yiinl dasli duel never 
'materialized. .Jesus Olivurcs uf 
[Oiifjle 1'jiss won lliccenliiry dasti by u splil seuoiul nver David 
Conk of New Ui'mnifi'ls in 1o.1. 

Unbeaten 

Arthur Nlous of Knx Tetli 

 reiiiiiincil uiilHMtcn in Ihe lialf- iiiile by wiimiiiH Ilic evcnl in hri5.il with room t« spiire. 

The field events were 

 umiiicMiiinnbly lliu must holly- fonti'Sled events. 
. Tom Caldwi-ll of Del Hio won the disic.-usi with a 1o2-:! toss—a mere three indies heller than 
Glenn Cinmly of Pox Tech. 
Giuuly'b 1U2-o is u new city iiesl. 

Clinl Tyler of lloiistim 

 recorded n 21-11 leap in Ihe 
IniiK jump to liikc firs! place. 
Niithiin Ilollis ct Tux 'IVch wns second al 21-B Id and Marly 
ISciwon of Kerrville Tivy was 
Ihinl al 21-1 >,i. 

Polo, Vault 

Hrucc 
King of 
Wrxlaru 

 won She pole willi a heiulil of 
'U-li, Mike 1'iurmin of Korrville 
Tiv.v was a surprise winner in the sliol )nil with a Hirow of fi4-r! 
',4, anil LyiKieio Olivares of 
I.anier was Ihe "official" mile run winner with a time of 
4:27.9. 

Over 3o teams jinrlii-ipaleil in 

Ihe meel, which was u sleppinH stone lo the Kcgion IV-Meet this Friday and Saturday in 
Corpus Christi—'29 of Ihe leiiius scored points in the well-coor- dinated meet. 

SAISD Meet Sums 

RELAY: 
H'ohkirds 
(Ronnie 
Sccll! 

Qennv Gocrtmon. Doug Seals, Calvin 
Salborrv). A1.2; 2. Cucio [Jlni.nv 
Eicholf. David Hill, Marlon Hacoer, 
Arliiur VVmWngrQfTj, 4j.i. 3, Edrscn tKevin Landry. Eddie Anas, Paul 
Bro.vn, Lcrrv Cclll.iS), J3 6: J. Jefferson, 
J3.7; 5, Euale Paii. 43.9; 6. Anlon'an, 
JJ.2 

31o DASH: 1. Arlhur Ni&ui, Fo* Tech. 

1:55.9: ?, Ritliord Revet. Lanler, 1:56.7; 
3. f.\icjiael Vartjos. hox lech. l:i/.v; J 
Rick Frarkr, Churfhi'l, t:57.8; 5, Oillv 
Sansom, UvaMe, 1:J8J; 6. Don Thomas, 
Healv-Murphv, l:iS t>. 

12o HURDLES: t. George ArJkiscn. 

S&ylh San Anlcnio. 11.7; ?. f.'.ork /,len- dez, Hew Urdunfels. is.i; 3, w L. 
Flowers. Erjinfcurg. IS. 3; J, Mike 
Unrtlev. Churchill. H.J; S, A'an rer- 
-guian. Uvaldo, IS 6; 6, Rick Gcrxlwin, 
Clemens, IS 7, 

SHOT PUT: I, MiVc Pannan, Kcrr- 

 vi''e livv. 513 'i.- ?, ifcve Kcl'cr, Coil 
Central. SJ-6; 3, Ed Oorry, Marsr-oll, 
; J, 
, l S^la 

5. Armando ?orola. Lonle 
, 

W*l!ic Gnl'Q'.stiY, Brackcnrldgp, j?-4 'j 

15o DASH: 
1, Jesus O-ivnres, Eaylo 

Pass, 1o.1; 2. Dav;d C«V, Kcw Bruun- 
Ibis, 1o.1-clus: 3. die] Phil Glllhgcr. 
.'.'LCo"um. OIK! Jim.Eltl'-oli. Cucro. 1o-1; i. (McJUcrnardCallh, Fo< Tech, arnJ 
Oscar DcLcan. Clemens. 1o.5-plui- 
(Lorry Ccii'nj of ETdison ran a 1o 2 aixl 
Ccntrr.1 Todd o) H'gbtor.ds ran o )i>i but bol*i Vicre nal rcgicnal rii,'a'if-ors m Ihe cvrrl). 

44o DftSH: 
1. Catvin Sa^bc-rrv, 
Hitihlantfi, ^9.6; ?. David HIM, Cucro, 
J9.8; J. BCD Catabio. Anfonian. 5o6: J. 
IVovne Casfil'o, JeMcrson. 5. 7; i. Denny 
Rcvcs. Lonier, ii.8; 6. Bobby Bircwdi, 
C'rnicn',. S1.9. 

3J3 HURDLES: 
1, Gtorge Adkison. 

South San Anlo'i'o. 3? o: 2, Tony Ovcr- inan. M-'ahland-., 39.8; 3. Salde Wan'olvo. 
Ednburg -iQ.l; j, BO'J Dimler. Churchill. 

This year make it a vacation for everyone. 

Located on the grounds of the Valley 

International Country Club, the Country 
Club Jnn at Brownsville, Texas offers a wide array of activities for the guest's enjoyment, including full club privileges at both the 
Valley International and Rancho Viejo 
Country CJubs. Golf, tennis, and swimming are available on the premises of both clubs, plus entertainment and dining in either clubhouse. In addition, the spacious beaches of Padre Island and the excitement of Old Mexico with its bullfights, open-air markets, and nightlife are only minutes away. The youngsters will long remember a day spent at Brownsville's all new $7.5 million Porter Zoo. Or for the more 

 adventurous members of the (amity, deep-sea fishing excursions may be arranged through the Country Club Inn. 
Accommodations range from efficiency units to three-bedroom fairway cottages, so there's a unit to fit virtually any size family. 

Call today for further information and 

 reservations. Two regional sales offices are open for your convenience. In Dallas, call 
(214) 522-7731. In Austin the number is 
(512) o37-1917. Or call tho Country Club Inn 
Registration Office collect at (512) 
546-5331. 

Country Club Inns ... everything you'd 

 expect in resort vacationing .,. and probably just a little bilmore. 

COUNTRY CLUB INNS 

P.O. Rox 523 

Orov/nsvilto, Toxnrj 7B52o 

-13 7: S. tliei f/.arlvBcnion.Xerfv.ile T l v y . onU NorbeMo Rcvci. Bumnivilie, JO.1). 

LONG JUMP: I.Clint Tyrcr. Houston. 

?1-M; 1. Na!i!<in Ho Is. To* Tech. ?1 4' .-; 
3, Mail? Qcnicu. Kerrville livy. 21-T t: ffl\*d Jcrcs. jeitersMi. «>y: i, Marvin 
Fuller, W«kjco. 23 6 1 6. Arthur SVhii- 
NiKJ'an. Cuoio. 195 V 
, 21o OASU: 
1, Aillivr V/niKi.nilon, 

Cuero, 21.9; ?, Larry Coiims. Eldiion, 
21.7; J. Joius Otivorcs, Lag'.c Pas?. ??.3; 
J. Dtw DrummcMid, Kcrrvi'ie Tlvv, ?3.o; 
5. To^Y Green, Houslon, ?1 S; 6, Jcrrv 
Gradv, Edseworxl. 23.J. (Enc Scari. 
McCo'lum. ran o 73.1 but uai net a rcgloral quo'ldcr !T trie cvcr.O. 

DISCUS: 
I, Tom Caldwell. Del Rio. 

1S2-3; ?. O'cnn Gund^, Fox TeCh, 167o' 
J. UavKJ ^\Qnn. Houston, 
IW 1; J. Ea 

Darrv Alar^rto'.l, U3-7: 5. Larrv Ro^e, 
Mc'Collum, Mf.Sj 6, Danny Drcfke, 

 o;nburg, U?-6. 
HIGH JUMP: 
1, Byron Hi'debrond. 

 oD^rvcll, 6 7 [New RccoiU: okl record 
1 66 *. V,Q^ sel bv Banv Nob'c. .Jaur- 

 ttonlon in 196S); 2, Wikc Jor,ci. JcUcr- von. 66: J, Biucc Willmms. tiug^vootf, 
6S; J. ChutV Wervk-g, Ctiurehill. 4-3: S, 
Ucwer nitssei) RooerJ LiDidl, Harlar.- dalc. (-o; 6, Cortos Et:;ont1o. larnlo r;ixon. 6o. 

MILE RUN: 
1. I'jnaclo Ollvorcs. 

Lonler. J:37.9r 7. Lurry Massennale. 
Edison. 4:29.1; 3, David Kiel. Cole. 
OK2r ). A'ario Vkio'cs. Edison. J:31 5; 
5. DovW Luna. McCollum. 4:33.1; 6. 
Keilri Erncc, Clemens. J:JJ4- (Worrell 
Vnrfla^. TOJC Tech, friilshcci first v,ilh a 
J:7J 6 clSCkino 
1 b-jl A-OS ro1 a cc^iionul 

 r;uot!li"cr In ]|>c cvcnll. 

MILE RELAY: 1. HKlh'rj-rJs (.Vorio 

CamDOS, Johnnv Gov,cns, lony Over- man, CoUin Solbcrrvl. J:73.3: 2. To* 
Tech (Bernard ColSiS. Stall C Frcrkl-i, 
V\o»n-an Grilt.'n, Arthur Ntcjsl, ,l:2*.ir 
3, Houston (Tony Green. 
Floyd 

Richardson, Jerry Cotourn, Joe tXinbar), 
3:26.8; J. Cucro, 3:39.o; 5, JeMcrscn, 
3:W.6; 6, Edlnlxjrg. 3:2!.7. 

POLE VAULT: 
1, Bruce King, 

Wcs'ato. 136; 2. (fewer misiesj Sl<?vp 
Cri-ll-.lrds. Kerrville Tlyy, 13-o; 3. Trea- dle Snvder, New UrayMcIs, ia-o; J, 

 uartermiler 

Highlands' Calvin Satberry romps home to win the 
44o-yard dash in 49.6 in the SAISD Regional 
Qualifiers Meet at Alamo Stadium Saturday. Satberry also anchored v/inning 44o and rnife relay teams.. 
, 
—... 
, 
„ 
.— 

Slack Shatters 
Meet Record 

StCI 

 sscs) Jerry Rodrigucf. Anlonton, 12-o; 

 misies) Guy Hohrnnn. 

Chyrchl;!, 17-o. 

TEAM POINTS: 
Highland',, S8r Fox 

Tech, 49 Vj; Cucro, 43; Edison, 32; 
Houston, 3o; Kcrrvillc Tlwy, 2*'V; Jel- 
ICMtxi, 38; Ed ntrjrg. 77: Mow Urounlc-s, 
7?; Eoqlc Pass, 2o; Sojlh Son Antonio, 
73; Churchill, 7; Lanler. U; McLoltuni. 

 lo'; Del Rio. 1o; Rcosevcn. ID; Ea",i 
Ccnlral, %; Edypwood. 7; Cole, 6; 
Clrine-rt-s. 4 '.; Uvalilc, 4; Karljiidu'u. ?; 
Brovtn-.villc, 1 ':; Bruc^enrldqe. 1: 
Lnicdo Ninon, 1: Hcalv-Murohv. t. 
S.A. Cygnets 
Finish 7th 

CANTON, f)hin (Spl) - Tlic 

Sun Antonio Cyyncls finishcil si'Vtsith in (lie Senior Nalimiiil 
AAU Synchronized swimniitiy m<x( here S;itiinl;i.v. 

Sherry Taylor of Ihe Cygnets 

 finished sixth in (lie soln comixitiliun and suvcnth in the figure cvcnl. Miss Tayliir and 
Cluro 
KcnwLinl caplured 

 seventh place in the duel 

The San Antonio team was 

 cmii]msi;d nf: Taylor, Kwiward, liubyn Stearns, Nancy Doyle, 
Becky Price, Carolyn Chancy, 
Hone R u t l i f f , Klaine Hushes, and alternated Uiatia Tedder. 

German Team 
Plays Sunday 

The viMliiiK (iernian soccer 

 learn TSG 181I> Darnislaill ,\lle llerren meets Pearl IiUerna- tional in a mulch al 2 p.m. 
Sunday at Olmos Ilasin field. 

Tlie event is free to Ihe 

 public. L:isl week Hie Cermans defeated Pearl, 4-2. 
Alamo Amateur 
League Opens 

The Alamo City amateur 

 hasc'liall league's seasun opens 
,Si!ii(l:iy wilh Uvn panics al I) 
I .a Gara I'iclil. 

.Inlinny Urink Carpel meets 

Rudy's I.OIIIIKC in Hie 1:15 p.m. 
I.idliftur and Varsity Clulj. Ihe dc-fcnilinK city cliampiiiti, plays 
Mcndiida's Hallroom at •! p.m. 

AUSTIN (AP) - 

The 47th Texas Relays recorded its first sub- four minute mile Sa- turday. 

 lint it wound up in confusion 

 over a disputed mile relay duel between Baylor and Texas 
Southern. 

Former N'orlh Dakota Slate 

 ace Mike Slack sliallered Ihe four-m in nte barrier for the firsl lime in Hie history of the 
(rack festival wilh a sparkling 
3:53.7. 

Just minutes later, Duylor 

 and Texas Southern flashed lo a photo finish in the final run- niiiK event of (he day, Ihe mile relay. Until were limed in a record :i:ffli.(M. 

Ruling 

The judges, after some delay, 

 ruled Uaylor the winner. Texas 
Southern launched a protest and M minutes ;ulor the race, 
Iho rules committee declared the two learns co-winners. 

The unusual ruling elevated 

Texas Southern to the lofty position of owning two relay victories nnlrijjhl and a share of a third. 

TCX81 Schools Only 

«8o Shullle Hurdle Relay —I, Baylor 

(Paul Stevens, Sccll Mtfone, Alcy Jack- son. Jimmy Galley], 57.1 (new record, old rr-tord o1 57.; sel by Tenas. H73I. 7. 
Texas. 57.3. 3. Mcrlh Texas Stale, 57.8 4. 
Hcus'on.disqjalllied. 

Op«n shal put 

I. Al Feucrbacn. Pacilk Coast Club. 7o l'/i [no*/ record, old record of 49-l'i wt by Fcucroacti In 1973). 2. Sammy WalVcr, 
5MU-CX, 41-3'1. 3, George Woods, Patllk 
Coasl Cfub, scratched on all Inreo Throws 

OPEN 

Pole vault—1. La'ry .lessee, Texas-El 

Paso, 17.o 2, RoJarvl Carlff, Texas Slrl. cfers, 17 o. 3, Russ Rogers, Sculhern Cal, 
IS i. No oihcrs cleared ,1 h«:gm. 

High jump—1, Dwig'it Stores, Pacific 

Coast Track Cluo, 7-1. 3, Paul Under- wood, Arizona Slate, 7-o. 3, William 
Oa!«, Texas Ex. 69. 4. Jc*j\ Blaxney, 
TCU, e-7. 5. Marvin Taylor. Texas AIM ex. 49. open 

Jerry Thcmoson rrJte—1, MiVo Slacx. 

 unftttflched, 
3:Sf.7 
(nev/ record, old 

 record of 1:(o.5 set by Wes Sanlee, KK\. sas, IVSS). 7, Paul Cumcnlngs, Drlntiam 
Yourj. <:«.?. 3. Joins Hjlbcrsladl. H| jell- 
Ic Coasl Track Club, 4:o1.3. I. Tommy 
Fulton. 4:o49. i. Larry Lawson. Ariicoa 
Siiln. 4:ts.l. t, Rirjlt Lussciwen, unal. lached. 4:o7.7. opin 

4*>—I, Larry Jtone-,. Hwtheasl Mis- sour., 45.2 [OCA- record, flrsl llrre held) 
7, Maurice Peonies, DC Slrltfcrs. 45 6 j 
Jim QCHciinrj. pacilic Coasl Track dub 
M o 4, Dennis Schulli, Pacific Coasi 
Track Club. «.). t. Dill rilesslna, Dtllas 
Hilkresl. 41.5. 6, Lansing Hclmjn, Drake 

Ju.ilpr C&tleat 

IJp Hjrdles—I, Rocfney Price, Easlern 

Oklahoma. 
14.3. 7, Marvin 
Slevenson 
Ullnn. 14.fi. 3, Floyd Cavllt, CISCO, 14 6 4 
Dav:d Nelson, Cisco, 14.7. 5, Ken Smllh, 
RrWrjcr, 157 6, Don-lie RedOlc, Dllnn. no 
Nrne. 

Junior Col reft 

 v.ilo relay —I, Ranger (Curlls Boyd, 

Terry Novak. Guy Yarborourjh, Robcrl 
Oro*,n), 3:1J.7 (new record, olrl record o1 
3:15 7 Ml by Dancer, I9J1). 7. He* MCKl- 
CO. 3:1S 7 1, Cisco, 3:14.1. 4. San JaclntO, 
):M 3 5, Easlern Oklahoma, 3:3o.7. 6, 
Bllnn.3:74.» 

Jvnlor CcHleoe 
o relay—I, R^ngtr (J. T. Halllns, dco Bowie, Robcrl Brown. Kd'li David- wi), <o.6 tr>cw record, old rcccrtf of 4l.o set by Odesid, 1971). J, South PJdlns. *1,3. 

Odessa, J1.S. *. Glim, «.». NO olTws. juni'ef college 

IM-Vard Dash—I. J-T. HWIIns, Ranger, 
..; (nev/ record, old record of 9.9 set by 
Guy Abrahams, New MexFco. 197?). ?, 
W^rvin GaXer, Somh Plains, 9.B. 3, Kr?Mh 
Davidson. Ra-vgcr, 7.8. 4, Lynn VJtchcll, 
Cisco, 1o.o. 5. LOU Eddlnqlon. Dllnn, 1o.1. 
£, Kerny Ychlc. Easlcrn Oklahoma, 1oA 

Crtiege 
" 

•5 relay—1, Alcern A*W (Oscar 5ud- djrlh, Wrtivin RobinLOn. Reg:nalrj Ollvtr, 
Adrian CaniloO. *D.9. ?, Texas AM, «.-?. 
3. Wiley, 41.1. 4. Soulr-edstflrn Louis'sna, 
JI.3. 5, Gramtjltrwj, 4M. 6, 

 ccM«e iV.'lc rtHay—1, Sou'hcrn [Carl S1«vco- 

 son. vern Hofdcrson, Reynara Rose, An- drcsv Brmvn), 3:W.2. t, Dallas Baptist, 
3.o9.5. 3, Prairie View, 3:11,7. 4, Grair.bl- rig, 3:13.6 S, Nefcrasha.Qma'ia, 3:15.5. 6, joulrmosl Texas, 3:15.7, 

CoJlcqe 
TwoAilte Rclay-J, f^K-ric View (Tom- 

 my Pippins, Cornell Evans. Clccr*u^ 
Slwrpc, Ray Gctcr), 7:31.3. 2. Gfambling, 
7:37.7. 3. Fort Hays-Kanias, ?-3« i i, Ne- bra'ka-Otnaha, 7:41.6. 5, No/th Dakota 
7-isCi J:4i'7' *' h'w1hwC5|wn Louisiana, 

UHIVERSITY-COLLEGE 
H/gn Lirp-1, Dean Owens, Soulhern 

Colifornla, t-1. (Ne^v record, otd record 7- 

 by Ken Luncfmark, Briciham Younq, 

19W). ?, Randf Smllh, Xans'as, ?-l J, Ke- vin D«5rcy, Baylor, /-O. t, Wyall TJiomp. 
-'V?',1o"?5' 7o- ?• Barry Schurr, Kanjas, 
6-11. 6, (ll#) David McMcn6mln. KoLntcn and Tcmocr Terry, Wichita St , 69 

Uwverniy-ccilese 

13o yard Daih—I, Larry Brown, Art- oa, 9.4. ?, crive Sandi. Iowa Stale, 9.5. 
Maroid Pw-ter, 5cu1ri/,'cslern Louisiana. 
S. *. Mark Lutr, Kansas. 9.6. 5, Kofi 

Texas 

Relays 

Stj!c, 56 1. 

University College 
Wlc run—;, Ed Arrlo'a, Ari;ooa. 4;o* 5 
!. Ed Mentfoia Ariiora, 4;o4.6. 3, Jim 
Scoll; Kansas St. PiUsht-ro, J:lt.J 
V, 

Dave- Dell Drake, i:lt.9, i. Main on Tay- lor, Sou Mi Carolina, 4:l?s 6 Don Gar. 
*vay, Texas LI Paso, 4:iro. 

Univernty. college 

Poro vault — 1. Tim Hamilioti, ISO 
3 

Don Marrs, Kansas Stale, 16 o 3, Jair.es 
Smart. L.imar, 16o 4, David Shepherd fteI*SL?*°- 5' WJchflel WMI*. Arlions, It 
o 6, Dovo Laz, low/a Sale, 16 o, 

UnlveriHy-Ce-llefie t» Hyrdiei— I. Ricky S'ubtjs, Lou'slana 

Teen, U.3. 2. Elrcn Ofpson, l.amar. 13.4. 
3, Vance Roland, Kansas Siale, 1)6 4, 
Scotlle Jor.es, Texas AlfA. UC 5, Joe 
Jyt)ert,NoriliTe*as, SoUh Carolina, 13 9 
6.J Rc&eri Martin, SoulhCAsi Lcuis'an'a, 

Unlvcrtily 

TiYQ.M'le Relay— 1, Kansas Slate (John 

Feliner. Jim H-nchlirfe. Dob Prince, Lcn- nlo Harrison), 7:24.3. ,>, South Carolina, 
2 
T « « - ':W-*- *• Oklahoma 

• 

44o relay— I, Te*as-EI Paso 
(Errol 
Slewiirt, Clillon AMIson, cnrls G»rpen. borrj. Ritdj Rcttf], 35.R. 7, Texas Soulh. ern, 39.9. 3. Kansas. 4o.o. 4, Texas, 4o3 
5. Norlhtasl Lou'slan.. at " Soulh. rrf'Slfrn L(K)fsia«a, 436. 

UNIVERSITY 
Milt RtHy-l. (lit) 
OI»IW 
(SICVC 

Lara. Michael Carler. jamts Jordan. 
Tim Son], and Tcx«s ioulhern [Carl 
Thompson, Alnsley Armslrong, Robert 
LaGranl, Ron Jeokinsl, 3;U.V, (He,/ 
Rocord, old record 3:o7 sel by Te»as, 
WMI. 3, Texas. 3:M». 4, Florida, IMI i, Kansas Slaie, 3:CS 5. «. Arlrona, 3.oU 

UnLvcrllly 

 roix-WJIc Rclay-1. Kansas Slate [Tea- 

Seine, Keith Palmer, cum Avln, Jell 
SUicmmell I6:M.I. ?. Texas, 14:44.9. S. 
Mlmesola. 
16:46.7. 4, WicMla 
Slale, 

14:59.9. 5, Arkansas, 17:11 3. S.Oklanoma: 

OPEN EVENINGS 

1o4.5 FM 

:\ •••:•' 
^ucipri^ i^wmxe 

Cuhs'T-S, 

" r r j b 
. wqavtsci 
So!?/i5naj;?, J t i J 
Dalian 
- 4 o o o Jwo?If« ii j i o 

',«Jf id«> lb f J? J » owniemi lb 3 J j § 
' n l J r 
4 o 2 o 

" i ? S u 

O O RotHlou 
1 o o o 
' 

TWalktrri 
o o o o 
Humphry pli MM 

TEXAS flr)f h bl 

JNel»n Jb 
4 2 1 o 
Harr»hi& i 2 3 I 

AJohnsnll 
5 2 3 1 

Bgrruohsrl. 3 1 1 3 
RArxHerf 
o 1 o o 

Grlevedh 
4 1 1 2 rr«eu IL» 
? o 1 2 

Hargrove lb 7 o 1 o 
LOvIMocI 
5 o o o 

Brown^L) t o \ o 

Surdbergc 
4 6 Q o 
Blbtoye 
o o o o 

. ,™»l 
35 4 7 3 
Total 
' 33 7 IS < 

SJ',™" 
HOTOOM-S 

E-W.D*vrs ?. aaiiey, liaVr i 6p- 

(Vanrreal ?. LOG-Wool real 8. Chicago 7 
J B - r o o t e . 
/AMIOcfc, 
BWlfiSmt 

&?asfc.B?mB-w"IIam* '»• *-!=""• 

M=A«lly,u>U ^'i-^8^ 

PSS*? 
- " o J o & o 

4 
3 

 illy (Kesi'ngerJ. WP— 
. PB—Fooie. T—t-.IT. 

HtiP-by Me Anal I- r, FraMing 

SECOND GAME 

MONTREAL 
CHICAGO ib r h W ab r h b» 

Hun(3b 
5 M 1 Harris It) 
5 o 1 o 

Friasto 
o o o o Moodaycl 
3 M o 

FoJIis i, ) ? y JMorafesll 
3 1 1 3 

WDavIs ci 
5 o 1 1 BWillarr?s It) 3 o o o 

Sir.Olclonrf 
3 ? \ Q ATKornmii> o o o o 
Fa-rlyiu s 2 7 4 Cardfnalrf 
4 o 1 o 

Joroen^nilj 1 o o o Madirxkto 
4 o o o 

 patfevll 
4 7? 1 Lwtliledtc 
3 o o o 
Lylllcll 
1 o o o Roielfo-i 
4 o 1 o 

Jtcx?b t ? 3 1 BonhamJ 
1 o o o 

Humphrvc 
5 1 1 1 Paulp 
o o o o 

Tofrc^p 
7 1 o 1 Srixico 
o o o o 

MBrcodenph o 1 o o WAIwxjcrph 
MOO 

DcMolap 
o o o o Hwlonp 
o o o o 

Ward ph 
o o o o 

Kremmelp 
o o o o 

AGarrpilph o o o o 

Toial 
*J (3 14 \l 
Toial 
31 3 5 

Monlrtil 
(JH SM CIO 11 

CMcJOO 
CM 219 ooo— 3 

E—B.Wiillirm 2, Rosello. DP-W.onlreal 

1. LOO—Montreal 13, Chlca$o 7. 2B — 
Fairly, 
S;nglcfon. 
HR—Fairly 

 jv.'-oraiw (l). S-Torrtz. SF—Humph 
W.Davis. 

H R ER BB SO 
Tcrrci (W.I.QJ 
Dc.Mota 
Bonham (L,1-U 
Paul 
Siono 

Kremmel 

7 
2 
o 

3 L3 i 

23 1 

Hangers 1o, A'n .'{ 

OAKLAND 

- 
Abrtibl 

UOf Ml cf 
- 1 o o o 
CarrpuliM 3 M o 
Hindoo 
4 o 2 o 

 f t J a c k f o n r l 3 o o 1 
Rudltl 
4 o o o 

Tenacelb 
Foisec 
JAfouph 
MingiMtdh 
3 o o fl 

Dav4HI!odh 1 9 o o 
TrlltoTo 
3 6 o o 

Bourque f^i 
o o o o 

8lLee 
o o o o 
Llrvjblirfp 
o o o o 

HoolHip 
o o o o 

 namllionp 
o o o o 

Finger:, p 
o o o o ' 

3 o 1 t 
1 o o 1 

Total 
341o11? 
Tctfll 
31 3 63 

Text! 
44o MO C«l—1ft 

OaVUnd lit 1H C*)— 3 

(I—Bando, Campanerls. DP—Texai 1. 

LOB—Texas 4, OaWino 7. 2B—Fosss. 
HR-BuncuaM <31, Tenace t (2), Grlc-YC 
(31- 
5B—D.NClWn, 
A.Jofnitn, SF- 

~™.- '^WS'B 
. 
Blue (L,on 
UMWatJ 
Mxltn 
Ha rr.il too 

2 
1 o 
1 
7 

1 7 1 3 

L3 o 

Hfep-by B'bby (Ttnace), by Hoolcn 

(Grieve). T -2:3?- A-??,7O. 

Royals 6, 'IVin.s 5 

KANSAS C1TY 
MINNESOTA 

 at) r h bl ah r h bi 

Serial)a dn 
? ? l o Braun ii' 
4 o 1 o 

AVRarctfi 
1 o 5 o Hunfl'e/c 
4 o o o 
[ 
~- 
4 1 1 ? HolHb 
4 o o o 

4 l ? o Thompsnsi 4 1 1 o 
o o o o RV.'oodinp 
o o o o 

o o o o CorbtHp 
o o o o 

Bv.rcmi« p o o o o 
BCrnpWIlp o o o o 

T—2:37. A—»,&». 
Cards 6, Hues 1 

ST LOUIS 

o rock II 

PITTSBURGH 

 ab r h bE ab r h b' 

5 1 2 1 SlerneltTb 
4 1 2 4 

 emorpjr) 4 o 1 1 Hcbner3b 

R Smith r | 
4 M o AOI-vertf 

Twrclb 
3 1 1 o S'argellif 
Hitkmailb 1 o 1 o DParkerrl 
Siminomc 
3 1 1 o BRoixiinlb 4 o o o 

 t f f . Dridttl 
4 o o o Krkpa'rlVc 
4 o 1 o 
Rclliib 
4 1 1 1 Maxvillss 
3 2 2 o 

Tvwi^i 
4 1 1 o Rookerp 
2 o o o 

.V.cGkilrtnp 
4. o 3 o PcpOvic'ipli 
MOO 

Ptnap 
O O O O G i u s l l p 
o o o o 

R'chcrlp 
o o o o Clincsph 
1 o 1 o 

3 o o o 
5 o o o 
3 o o o 
A o 3 o 

Total 
37 6 U 6 
Toial 
3M \\ 5 

Kansas Cily 
oo1 1o1 JCO 1— 6 

Mlrnciola 
«4 tW OM B— i 

E—Mealy, Corfcclf. DP—Kaisai Cily ?, 
M'rr.ewla 3. LOB—Kansas Ci1y 3, Mln- nesola 1o. 2B—Hea'y ?, CB'ew. 3B—Oliva. 
HR— AAayterry 
<3). 
Scr-aal 
[IJ. 
SB — 

Carew. Terrell. 
S—Terre'i, irar 

Hundley. 

 l 
IP 
H R ER BQSQ 
M.PaHin 
4 
? 
5 
J 
2 

DalCa.nln (V^.l-OJ f i 
2 
o 
o 
3 

R.WoodSOn 
5 2 - 3 6 
3 
1 1 

Cocbeii 
1 1 - 3 ? 
2 
1 
Q 
J 

Bjrg-neiCf (L,o-ll 
2 1 - 3 2 
1 1 o I 
BCarrpopIl 
7 - 3 1 
o 
o 
o 
o 

HBP-Oy R.Woodson f.V^vbcrryl. T— 

'Bosox 8, Tigers 1 

DETROIT 
BOSTON 

Total 
34 4 ll 3" 
Torol 
34 t s t il. UOUli 
Oil oo1 OCl— 6 

Pitlibursh 
Gooo1oI31— 4 

£-KirVpa1rkk. ft'jxvlll. DP—SI Log^s 

1, PiU^burgh 2. LOO-51. Louis 6, Pills- burgh e 2B —Simmons, Rcll/. StcniGll, 
CHrK-s.3o —Tyion. HR—Slcnrvctl (I). SB- 
Brock 2. McBride. SF--Stcor.cH. 

IP 
H R ER BBSO 

8 1 3 9 
4 
4 
3 
7 

1 3 o 
o 
o 
o 
C 

1-3 o ' 

 rVtGlclhn [V/,1-o1 
Pc^a 
RIchcrl " 

[L.O 1) 

Savo—Rfctierl ( 

3 
o 

o o i(Hcb. 

CINCINNATI 
ATCftNT 

 a^rh bl 

Resell 
5 o 1 o Garr ll 

Morg»n7b 
3 o 1 o OFIicecf 

TPcrJVb 
4 o 1 o a'ak^rY 

Benchc 
3 1 1 o Lum lb 

RcHenmdcf 2 1 1 o OaJotiTiw 
Cor.cepcnss 4 1 1 3 Foilcrft 
Grilfey rf 
4 o 1 o Oaresc 
1 o o o WPereiii 
o o o o Aterlonp 
1 o 1 o Akef p 
o o o o t-rOiVieyph 
1 o o o 

MtOucenp 
o o o o 

Gcronlmoph 1 o o o 

Jolal 
34 3 I 3 
Toial 
3i 15131o 

Allinla 
o34 OJOOO»—1o 

E— Pofw.DP-A'Janri 1. LOB—Clncln- 

 nail *, Allanla 7- ?B -Olf.'cp, Garr 
3O— 

Garr. HR—DaJorriiQn (II, M Pcrer (1), turn [!), Ccncepcfon [?). SB—rVxwgan. 
S—Merlon. 

Hdllp 
KWCO ph 
Oibornq 

 abrribl 

S o3 4 
S o 1 o 
4 o o o 
5 1 7 o 
5 7 2 1 b 1 3 1 3 

1 o o o 
3 1 1 o 
4 3 3 2 
3ooo 
o o C o 

— ^.Tikmnii 3 o o o 
Knox Jo 
1 o o o 

ARodfgr/3n 4 o o o 
HoflhruprP 4 o 2 o 
Kallnrdh 
4 o 1 o 

WHo^onll 
3 o o o 

"iviieir 
1 o o o i.^dvh lb 
3 1 1 o 

MVarileycf 
3 o 't o 

Shgron cf 
1 o o o 

Frec+ianc 
2 o D l 
S'jfrrl^^dlb 3 o o o yaybaikp 
o o o o 

LWd'kcrp 
o o o o 

JRayn 
o o o o 

Harper dM 
RMillet cf 
Co3£Wr lb 
YstrmiXl II 
Boo'q-.erlf 
Mitgmryc 
Carborl 
* i ( j 

WcAuliFc3b 3 1 o o 
Griffin 2b 
4 1 1 2 

 fo is 4 o 1 

o o o o 

 lb r h o: i 1 3 o 
32oo 
5 o 1 o 
3 o 2 1 
o1oo 
4 1 ; i 

Tolsl 
32 1 6 1 
Toial 
35 B 13 8 

Detroit 
9oo HO I'M— 1 

Eloslon 
41oo1ooo*- I 

E—Guerrero. DP—Ocs'on 1. LOB—DC- 
I'tf I 6, Boslon 7. 2o—N'crlhrup. Harper 2, 
Carbo. M.Slanlcy, Kaliro. 3B—Griffin 

IP 
K RER BBSO 

S'ayback(L.O-l) 
2-3 S 
6 
6 
2 
1 

1. Walker 
6 1 - 3 6 
2 
2 
2 
2 

J.Ray 
1 
1 
o 
o 
o 
o 

Wiw CW.1-o) t 
6 
1 
1 
1 
6 

WP—t.Walker 2- T—2:29. A—&.1S9. 
Tribe 8, Yanks 5 

| 
NEW YORK 
CLEVELAND 

 ab r h bl ab r h bl iWhilprjh 
4 1 1 1 LOApnMnlT 4 1 ' 

, f\V,-nsonc 
3 o o o Hcrnincfc cf * I . . 

•V.wccrcf 
3 o 1 1 Elli^rth 
3 1 7 1 
' Blwnijcrg rF 4 o 2 o Chityiss lb 3 1 1 C 
' &ricHI«3b 4 o 1 o Splkcsrf t o 1 o 

: PiniUlaEI 
4 o o o RTOrresrf 
o o o o 

 r/.ichacllt. 
3 1 1 o BGclllC 
4 1 1 2 

VAVila-nsp^i 1 1 1 o Dunraoc 
3 7 2 2 

 irV.aSCiiss 
4 1 2 2 Dj1ty» 
3 1 1 1 

I 

Mcd chp 
o o o o Ti'dfCiVp 
o o o o 

Beenep 
o o o o Upit awp 
o o o o 

KWrigSlp 
o o o o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April 14, 1974 
H fe *• 
Poflf 7-K 
St. Mary's Drops 5-4 BSC Game 

 liy J«hn Illnes 

. Or; TUP EXPRESS HEY/i STAFF 

Husloii-Tlllolson cleanup hitter Larry Clark 

 was too much for St. Mary's pitching Satur- day as he led the Rams to a 5-4, 1o-innlng victory over the Hattlcrs at V.J. Kccfc Field. 

To Huston-Tillotson 

Clark rnllowc'd'Kfiiinlc Hen- 

 derson's Iwo-nni single wild u 

 lK lioine run over the top 

(Itch of Ihu left-field fence ID win the Kami! in llio tup of Ihc lOlh inning. 

It was Iris second linnic run of 

Ihe Kamu after lilasliiiK an earlier serve (nun SI. Mary's k'fty Bruce. Ve.tiers nvor (he. lower deck to lead off Ihe second inning. 

The decisive btuw mined a 

 fjreat St. Mary's comeback of- fnrt. Trailing 3-OjjoiiiK into thu l»i(tnin of the ninlli, the 
Kalth'is tit'd it ii|i, then came back witti one more run in Hit1 

 lasi of the lOlli IIIK! li;id MIC ly- 

 iiiK run on Ihiri! uheii Ilie^aiue ended 

It was St. Mary's third 

 slraMil (ii« Slalu Conference setback lifter shiilliiH "ul "ie li)n|> c'iiniiiai;;!! will) a pair of victories mill overall Hie 
Haulers are !)-17. They now host St. Kilwiird'.s at 7:M p.m. 
Tuesday at Keefc in another i!ijj Stale till. 

[lustoli-'rillotson nnw slmids 

4-2 in the league antl \'1- 
{.I for 

Hie season. Tlie Hams avenged an earlier fl-l setback In Ihe St. 
Mary's. 

Ham rib'hlhundcr Ilurold 

Uouyer had a one-hit sliulom 

Into the nirilh, allowing 

 only a Texas l,eaf;ite sinj-le lu lefl by Hick (iarcia in Ihe third inninn 

Diniyer hiid heen in difficully 

 several limes, tliuiiuli, because of ivildncss. l!u had walked seven bailers up tii Ibe niiilli,- cvcnlually iiassin^ nine, and 
St. Mary's had lefl llirce ninners slrandi'd on third li;ise. 

COI.K NOTKS 

CARPENTER'S PRO AM 

Don Pcljis. Frunk Foir*r. Own Cull 

Ous Lfilcsrc. II; Taiy Ollvarrl. laic 
. 

. G/co Oon,nl«!. Utr> 
[Jcrlonyy. Joe Cumllo. 

/ra. J. L. Boulriuhl, <i; 

 is- dili 
!)„ 

CARPENTER'S ACE 

BUI Komnermctn slaf o lioft-ln-one hwi he need ihr IMvurd e'c'iiri wiin 
T S Irofl ot Coroti-.ler'S Pgr-3 Coi.ist- jijrrju/ oflt-rncHxi 

RIVERSIDE PRO AM 

Cnlry liecdline lor Su-uu^s pro um « 

 i- iMih fee oil ol 1 om. 
I?: 3o 

Trinity 9 Posts 2 

Wins 

ABILENE (Spl) - Tlic Trinity Tigers swept 

 a Iwhiblil from Hardin-Siininons Saturday, 
5-2 in eight innings and 6-3, to boost their record to 16-13. 

Sebastian walked in (he fifth. 

Bryan Mayu's 

 yround-nile duuble over left-Held fence concluded Uic 

The Timers hit four more 

 home runs, giving ihem oiylit in the Itiree-uunie sweep over the weekend. Srmihpaw Mickey 
Mahler pitched a Tivc-hittcr in 
Ihc npcner and yol a save in the nightcap. 

In the lidliftcr, both 

 scored twice in the seventh hofofc Ihc Tigers won il in the, eighth on successive home runs over lite right field fentre by. 
Jimmy C;impclo ;ind Bobby1 

Kspar/n. Uandy Dk'ikt wiilkcd ahead of Cani|]ulo'a blow uflcr 
(lie first two bailers were ro liriMl. 

Trinity firnilly gol to L'uwhoy 

 slurtor Pt'ler Gill in tho suvuiith. With one out, DieU dinihU'ri, Camiioto singled, Gill tvild-|>ilcried Diclz home and 
Eipar/a singled to plate Cam- polo. 

Tommy Crumrino in the first 

 inning and Russ Burgdorf in the fifth blasted Iwo-run homers in the Tiiglilcup. Kevin 
Mueller singled in [he first to be mi base, while Don Hie 

FIRST GAME 

TRINITY 
HAROIN-SIMMONS 

3 o o o Turum 2b 

"- cl i o o o Gmboo cf 

•••c dh J o I D Oiiv.'i is r.H 
7 o 1 1 Morris l i » 

 lib 
3 o 1 o Brown 3t> 

BllPng^am (L,I-U 2 
HaH 
? 

Ostxi-Ti 
2 

.'/cQuccn 
2 

^Sorlon (W.M) 
8 

AVer 
\ 

T—2:39. A—11.231. 

H R ER BB SO 
7 6 6 2 1 l l 1 o : 
4 J 3 l o 

1 
o 
o 
1 
1 
( 3 3 4 7 
o 
o 
o 
1 
1 

L.A. 6, Astros 3 

LOS ANGELES .. 
HOUSTOM 

 db r h hi ab r h bl 

LopPSTti 
3 1 1 2 Grossrf 
3 1 o o 

ButVnerrf 
4 o 1 7 JJyrin^ip 
o o o o 

Wynne! 
4 o o o Mclzgcru 
4 1 2 o 

Cc/3b 
4 1 1 o Cedcnocf 
4 1 2 2 

Fcrgusonc 
4 1 1 o \Valsonlf 
4 o o o 

Garvcylb 
3 1 7 1 AVAayc 
4 o o o 

Joshua I( 
4 1 1 1 LWriylb 
4 o 2 o 
Pidcrcklf 
o o o o D^Rader 3b t- o 1 1 

Rimcllss 
3 1 o o HelmiJb 
4 o 1 " 

Su11wip 
4 o o o DWilionp 

Nagyp 
Campbell pfi 
Kcnciyp 
_ 

 lOlal 
3J S 13 5 
TO'ftt 
3? I 9 7 

New York 
OODC«Ml~i 

' Clevclird 
CH COO MX— I 

\ 
E--Munion. DP—Cleveland 1. Lo8~ 

Ne* York 6. Cievela^id 7. 7B -Oian-^>iJss, 

, l cwwi^cln, [XiUv. Hc-gan. HR--Duncan 

(2). Mason (11. SB-Lo*crsieip 

P 
H R ER OB SO 

2 1 3 5 
5 
5 
2 
o 

1 J-3 3 
3 
? 
1 
1 

4 
1 
o 
o 
4 
! 

6 1 - 3 7 J i 3 S 
.. 
2 7 - 3 3 1 1 o 1 

HBP—bv 
Tidrow 
(Wft're). 
Ba'k— 

K.Wcirjht. T- 7:37. A— S.Sii 

1 o o o 
oooo l o o o 
oooo 
7ooo 

Tola! 
33 6 1 A 
Toial 
3S 3 B 1 
L« Ar.getes 
OM III OM— i 
How ton 
1oo Ml OK- 3 

E—Ruiielt. DP—Los Angelei 1, Kcui 

Ion 1. LOO—Los Angdes 5, Houston 6 
3B—Buckntr. J&stiua, ft'-cljger. SD—Ce- tfer.o. 

H R ER BBSO 

3 ?;« S 
1 1-3 2 
2 
o 

? 
o 

Vcdich(L.M) 
Occne 
K.Wriglil r-cfdw hV,l-1) 

 r.s ,'J. Birds 2 

BALTIMOR E 
Ml LWAUK E E 

• h bi abr h t 

3 o o o A'oncySf) 
4 o o o Berry dh 
7 o o o DMayrr 
4 o o o Stcit l b 

EWllamsc 3 o o o Garcia 2o niATcf 
4 1 3 1 CMoorpe 

Bdar.QCf ss 2 o o o Yowilss 

FD8kwC5j 
o o o o :° t'3"P 

Grlmilcy p 
o o o o 

! o C o 
3ooo 
4 1 1 o 
3 1 1 o 
3 o o o 
3ooo 
3 o 2 2 
3ooo 
3 1 1 1 
oooo 
oooo 

Total 
31 ? 4 1 
To'at 
79 3 S 3 

Billlmwe 
OM MO l»— 1 

Milwaukee 
ooo COO Ilx— 3 

 t—Younl, 
LOR— EVallirrwc 
4, Mil- 

 v-Ajkcc 3. HR—B'air (11. Yo-Kit (1). 5B— nia'r, D.M<iy, Scoll. S-Bumtry. 

IP 
H R ER BB SO 
G'.nnrcy (L.O.l) 
8 
S 
3 
3 
1 
4 

Kot>d 
7 
7 
1 
1 
3 
3 

EaRdgcr UV.1-o1 
? 
2 
1 
o 
o 
2 

T—2.o4 A-B.SAJ. 

Cn-erck 3b 
J o 1 o Hr«,n /( 

D'cUil 
3 7 1 o Lmtiglio'i 

C-i-rioc 
J 7 2 7 Klnhn c 

•-.Sixjr«j tth ? ! 7 1 MtPhrvic loluli 
11 S 1 A Fivmic p') 

J C 1 o 
* oo o i I ? I 
7 t I o 
I o o o 

7 o o o a o c Q 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
1 o o o 
76 J S J 

CM 2J-5 
4o3 7o-2 

Tnilily 
Hcidin-Slmmorii 

E —EstKir/a. LOE1-T 

 l. 2B-Oavii. 
Diet? 
3B-La,vioi> 

U R - O a v i s . 
E^ar.n, 
Compolo" 

 a —EJro/.n 2 

II1 
H 
R 
ER 
B8 
SO 

MoVer (W 9-4] 

G.ll 
7 

C Even* [L S-t) 

I 

SLCOND 

TRINITY 

 nb r h bt 

/.LK-lr ^i 
J ? V o Talum Jtt 

 itochk c! 
3 o o o Lv,in II 

'rnirnc dh 
3 2 1 7 Dovli si 

 icbs1r\ II 
3 1 o o Horns lb 

Bigdrl 1U 
2 1 2 7 Riown 3b 

'AavO 7b 
3 o 1 2 Bn-boo cl 

3nirk 2ti 
J o o Q LlHeld dh 

D'Ml if 
3 o 1 o Hcrlioc rl 

^o9o c 
1 o o o McPtirin c 

Tolali 
?i * ? i Aicola 7b 

 cm pfi 

Trinily 
2oo 

Hccdii-Smimoni 
oo3 

 t-Chancv. Vego. f.'.cPhprsi 

 boo. VnvO OF1 — Tf imlv 1. LOB — llor-Sim 9 ?B 
Mavo. HR~Ci 

DOS.IJ. Ourgrio-l S - Vt-go. SI 

HAK-SI/.WAONS 

 i r h bi 
7 1 1 o 

3 o 7 o 
3 1 1 o 
3 o I C 
o o ( 
o o o o 
1 o o o 
;»j * 7 

o7o 3-6 
CM 
o-3 

IrV.Hv 6. 

IP 
ER 

Chni-cvlWl ll 
S? 3 T 

Vohltr 
11 1 o 
o 
o 

Hi.-(?,HeilcniL7 41 
67 3 J 
6 

M=*'e 
1 3 o 
o 

Savc-Muhle-r. 
\VP-Hu 

T-J-JO. 

GOLF TOURNAMENT televised live and in color direct from the beautiful 
AUGUSTA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB 

Saturday, April 13th 

Channel 5 
3:3o PM 

Sunday, April 14th 

Channel 5 
3:oo PM 

"on't Miss l/ifs Great Sports S/iow co-sponsored by 

BENNETT-JORDAN-VAN HORN INSURANCE AGENCY 

OOI5 Broadway 
Phono: 828-3353 

_ 
W 
IJ_J 

THE TRAVELERS INSURANCE COMPANIES 

• 
Ifarlford, Connccticul 

Trinily scoring in the seventh. 

Mahler tamo on in Ihc sixth 

 with two out and two on in 

 relief of wirminij iiilchor Dale 
Cliaticy. Mahicr walked Tom 
Mcl'licrson to [rad Hie bases, 
Dien fanned Jim Alc-ala fui- (he la.st nul. lie struck oul (lie .side in the seventh, aside from one error. 

Trinity visils Texas Lutheran 

:it 2 p.m. Tui's(lay. 

«iH fn Hip iimlh. (he Kiitlltrs" 

 struck suddenly [o ti'j tl up. 

 fint-h hitter Jules Muuicr Jed 

 olf with a walk. After [-Yed 
Iluller flicd out, pinch hiilcr 
Joe (ion/nles hit a yrmmdur to third bciseman 
Harold 

Kcynoids. whw throw to second. 
However, second liascman 
Andrea Curler missed Hie hag on Ihu force and iKillt runners wore safe. 
6o's Rattlers 
Cop 9-2 Win 

Th« Ifliills SI. Mary's "old- 

 liiiHT.s" (Icfeiitfd l IK- l!J5o.s 
Hiilllurs, !)-2, in a Kiniii1 fi-'alur- iiiK 411 frji-intr Hauler baseball players at V. .f. Kui'fe Fii'lrl 
Saliirday aflernoiiri. 

Hmi jS'uwman uf Itic winners 

 tiit a tlirte-rim liomer in Hie roiirth inning, wliitc .Inhnny lleniamle/ uf the l.'JOOs leain had (wo liits nnd kurjc-keil in a run. 

Ariel-wards, il was aii- 

 nuiuiL-cil by Hauler math 
Klnier Kusub (hat an Alumni 
Baseball IJwiMer Cluh has been established at Uie university and that the "old-timers" yamc will now be an annual even!. 

Then pinch hitter Kay 

Freeman an'd. second baseman 
(ilynn Tseliirliarl blasleil con- secutive doubles to I lie left- field wall, Freeman ilrivinf; in one run and Tsdiirharl two In furte exlra inn inns. 

The Raiders almost eaine 

 l>aek in the llllli. loo, when designated hitiei1 Steve Ye^lic 
Icil off with a single, moved up in) Monier's ^ruuiuluul and scored on Ilulter's single U|)tbe middle. Uutler ailvaneed alt tlie 
| SPRING SPORTS 

1c/Ui At'A ol Tt/at Ttci, COjJ, dyit 

Mojircn o( Rice, oetf., v/e1 g round i 
TCU 6 i. Adonso* i-J i-uniar {,. Vjil Ifc.slwi o 
Sum Mojsloi J, WcNtc'jC H 2 
U T A 3i. C'-.ircll & S 
SV.U 43, Du/l&r 1A 
TriT'lv S-6, Ht,'<J n S:mmOT, 7-3 first 

Quire <-i-jht ;nni.ii<n. 

Mu'lon-TiUchcn S. SI Mary's J 
1o J-i. nir.yi 

 way to third on tlii- ihrow-ln 
HIU! an error by the catcher, lleiKlLT.son, who let Ihc butt «ct by him. 

Hut llmiyer bore down to «ct 

'CifHUiilcs on a ca)Jcd lliird slriko and rrceniaii on a deep drive in left lhu( backed 
Clunk's Guillnry near the wall before he flawed it down. 

ST. MARY'S 

 cb r h M 

HUS-TIL 

Ob r 

-1 o o o Mo 
_ 

 n nh II ? k I I Dcjl/»% rl 
I Jh 
J o I ? Hrdrsn c 

 i K j o o o Ckjih cr 

3 lu 
J o I o Tovla- lb 

"i if 
1 o o o R'/noldO'J 
.till 
2 1 1 o Gui'orv II 
1 o o o Curler '.D 

 r [rfi c 
1 1 o o HC<Jocs dh 

 r > 
S o 1 I 
TOIOIS 

 i'« 3ti 
2 o o o 
•i-n3»? 1 o o ill 
J3 
< 

 bl 

 i o I o 

o I o 
1 ? o 
? 2 3 
o o o 
o 2 o i a o i i o 
o o o 
S « ) 

Sf. ? 
o1» o2o ooo ?~5 
CM COO MJ 1—4 

 l.oV-'ilf^sl.'iila-^'IriDl'K?^- 
Tschirl.tm. HR-Cark ? 1)1. S-Curro'o! 
Rcvnoldi, /Jrd 2. 

IP H R ER BB SO 

Boycr C//J7} 
1o 5 
J 
J 
9 
6 
VctKrslUS) 
1o •) 
S 
3 
3 
o 

HDP — Yejjllc (by BD-JV«r), Hcrtocv jhv 

 velfer-,). rB-lfenderson. r-2:io. , 

, Y<>77 
RA«S EVERY SUNDAY 

/i I A \\( M.- t«Ii8lo5HUIIirORIH! 

" 
CKlLDRfH Al n'3oV/IIHPRIZES 

JLRttT ttlMI^ATOR MHT WINNER $3oo 

:. 
RUNHERUP$15o3RO&4TH$5o 

:-N,^ 
COMPETITION SUPER STOCK 
STOCK 
- '"•' "'r- 
—- 
Winner-$1oo ' WlMNIR-tiO 

Runner - $5o. mimw-m 

SUNDAY, APRIL 14TH 
' fKff PARKING AJ TRACK" nil ooin—8 A.M. -f«EI DOOB PIIZE" 
•-•-J«1IO».M. 

. Goodrich lawn mower savings 

Garden Club 2o" rotary mower 
$ 

 save1 24 

443-21J2 
3HP, 4-cycle Briggs & Stratton Engine. Fingertip 

 height adjusters. Steel wheels with waffle tread tires. 

Garden Club 22" 

 power propelled 

 mower 

3'/i HP, 4-cycle Briggi 8. Slrolton engine with verlicol Pull'n Go start 

.no manual choking necesiary. 

Fingertip height adjusters. 

Engine shroud to reduce noise, 

Include) oil dip stick and fuel gauge. 

Folding handle for easy storage. 

1o9 

Garden Club 
26"§hp riding mower 

Convenience and perfor- mance for all-purpose mowing! 
5HP, 4-cyclo Briggs & Strotton engine with a four speed transmission .., 
Ihree forward and one reverse. 

Rack anct pinion steering, 
Automotive disc brakes, 

643.2172 

 save$3o reg.5366 136 

BE Goodrich we're the other guys 

B.F. GOODRICH STORES 

• Downtown: 
1231 E. Commerce 

227-7278 

8-5:3o Doily, Sal. S-1 

• Southeast: 
35o1 S. Geven 

534-8811 

9-5:3o Mon.-Sal. 

• West 

HIS, Leor.a 
226-53o6 
8-6 Mon.-Sal. 

Bass Fishermen Set Precedent With Meet 

By Dan Klepptr 

I' 
Ouldoor Editor 

;;Members of all bass fishing clubs in San 
Antonio and the im- ijiediate area will meet Tuesday at 8 p.m. in the Jersey 
Lilly at Pearl Brewing 
Co. as guests of the 
Triple XXX Bass 
Club, 
; Guest speaker will be Andre 
Bakowilsch, a 63-year-old Aus- 

 trian who moved to Brazil nearly 25 years ago and now operates an 83-foot houseboat, the Jungle Queen, on a river called Araguaia, 

Indians 

There are more than half a 

 dozen bass clubs in San An- tonio, and this will be the first lime they have met together' said Al Pancoast Jr. of the 
Triple XXX club. Pancoast is chairman of the meeting. 

Rakowitsch spent many 

 years as a surveyor in Brazil mapping the vast jungles in the eastern section of the South 

American country. 

His desire to work outdoors, 

 coupled with extensive 

 knowledge of the country and an interest in Indian folklore, led linkowitsch to establish 
Malagoias Ltd., a lour business catering to North Americans 

 and Europeans. 

Ills business, started in 1966, 

 specializes in riverboat trips on the Araguaia and Tapirape 
Hlvws in east-central Brazil. 

Jumping-off place for the 

 river lours is Santa Terozinha, a village in the jungle inhabited 

TIIE&'MMV 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Sunday, April 14, 1974 

 only by primitive Indians and a few pioneers. 

A cruise on the Junglo Queen 

 covers seven days and 1oo miles, Fishing is a nmjor ac- tivity during the cruise. Out; board-powered skiffs operated by Indian guides take anglers on the river nnd its tributaries in search of more lhan 5o different kinds of tropical game fish. 

Photos 

The Brazilian will show 

 slides at the meeting of many of these fish. 

Of particular interest to 

 anglers will bo photos of fishing for the abundant tucunare, a fish often called the peacock or golden bass. These fish, which range up to 15 or more pounds, arc sought with the same Incklo and techniques anglers uso in Texas on shoreline black bass.' 

3oo Pounds 

"Bass fishing tackle and 

 lures are the best equipment to bring to 
Brazil," says 

Rakowitseh. "That is, unless you're interested in going after the giant catfish, in that case, we have plenty of deep-sea 

Soiith American 
Angling Expert 

JUNGLE QUEEN OFFERS WEEK-LONG CRUISES 
. . . o unique, comfortable travel adventure 

PRIMITIVE TRIBES SEEN 
• . along Araguaia River 

 iWWXAAAA. 

RED WING 

SHOE STORES 

DOWNTOWN: 1141. Trovi. (At S.l.&d) 

227-7772 

NORTHSIOE: M19 Son Pnlro <"""•«•<>"•' 

342-4711 
'"•"' 

SOUTHSIOE: 1413 S.W. Military Dr. I""">D»U>' 

922-29o) 
*""*" 

WHERE FIT COMES FIRST! 

ANDRE RAKOWiTSCH MAKES POINT 

. . . touring houseboat operator 

 ing Found in Oklahoma 

WASHINGTON (AP) - A ring that illegally 

 trafficked in eagle and other migratory bird parts and feathers to sell as Indian artifacts has been uncovered in Okalhoma, the U.S. 
Fish and Wildlife Service has announced. 

."Tlic activities of ihis group 

 resulted in killing of literally thousands of migratory birds to manufacturer 
Indian ar- 

 tifacts," said Secretary of Ihc interior Rogers C.B. Morton. 

"Many of ihesc are passed 

 r.ff as aulhcnlic, and of course, fraudulent, antique art objects, usually with splendid historical anecdotes attached lo each lo increase its price." 

The Fish and Wildlife Ser- 

 vice said summons have been issued for more lhan two dozen persons. Probers 

Morton said special agents of 

!he wildlife service uncovered 
Ihc activities and Oklahoma state game rangers and the 

U.S. attorney's office in 

Oklahoma City cooperated and aided in a six-month investiga- tion. 

The wildlife service said al- 

 most twn dozen different bird species, including bald and golden eagles and seven kinds of hawks were involved in the manufacture of Indian artifacts 
— an enterprise that has boomed in recent years. 

38 Birds 

This lucrative market brings 

 as much ao S125 for each eagle carcass sold nn the black market, the sevice said. It explained lhat wing and tail feathers are used for war bon- nets and "ceremonial dress, as 

 many as 1o eagles to make one war bonnet. 

The service said one fan 

 made solely from tail feathers of the scissor-tailed flycatcher, sold for 865o and required Ihc killing of 38 birds. 

Morton noted that il is illegal 

 lo buy, sell, barter or Irnde in migratory birds and their parts, including eagles. 

"There are three major 

 points I would like to make," 
Morton said in a statement. 
"First, regardless of who killed the bird or how long ago it was killed it is illegal for these items lo enler commerce in any form. 

"Secondly, the reason for 

 prohibiting the sale, trade or purchase of genuine antiques stems from the fact that any traffic in such items invariably puts pressure on living species in order to prolong and increase the commerce. 

"Lastly." Morton said, "the 

SALES AND SERVICE 

EI/IHRUDE^ 

 first in outboards 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS? 

BUY THE BEST! 

1974 GLASTRON SKI FLITE16' GUNWALE LENGTH 
1974 EVINRUDE DEPENDABLE 4o H.P. ELECTRIC 

SHORE LINE GALVANIZED TRAILER 

ALL THIS 

FOR 

 prohibition of killing migratory birds, particularly eagles, in no way interferes with the 

American Indian religious ceremonial use of these animal parts. The Interior Department maintains a repository where the remains of all eagles that are killed by accident or die naturally arc stored for free distribution by permit In In- dians who are practitioners of bona fide tribal religions ceremonies and lo scientific institutions." 

 tackle aboard Ihc houseboat. 

The catfish, called the 

 piralba, is known to reach weights of 3oo pounds. It is rumored the fish grow much larger. ' 

Piranhas arc found 

 throughout the Araguaia liivcr watershed. 

"We've caught eight 

 different species," Rakowitscb says, "and most of lliein are excellent fighting fish when taken on medium nnd lighl- woight tackle. They hit spoons, plugs, spinners...almost 

 anything you throw at them." 

Two other powerful gamefish 

 are the pirarucu and pirarara. 
The former is one of the largest freshwater fish in the world. 
Mature specimens often are six 
(o eight feel in length. 

Harpoon 

Until recently, most pirarucn 

 were taken by Indian fisher- men who pursued them in dugout canoes on streams lhal feed the lower Amazon basin, 

When a pirarucu surface, Ihc 

 fishermen harpoon lite fish. 

The pirarara is a red-hued 

(ish common lo (lie watershed. 
Indians use rod oil pressed from its flesh to dye green parrol feathers they weave into ornamental clothing and head- gear. 

"Some of the funniest crea- 

 tures we see arc (he pink por- poises," Rakowitseh explains. 
"They'll swim alongside just like Iheir saltwater cousins, but these arc more than a thousand miles from the sea." 

. 
Hoatzin 

There are strange creatures 

 in the jungle as well as in the rivers. Hundreds of different birds arc known lo live in the 
Amazon basin, including one that is belter al climbing irces lhan flying or walking. 

Tins is the hoalxin. which 

 can't fly more than a few yarc'ds at a time and trips over its own feet when it tries to 
Solunar Tables 

Plo 

 r»go:>U 1crri1ori/(K nulling fn goo.1 

Cover during Ihoio M-npi. u YOU f.nd ilw bcH iDvd loo! each ifav nn offer. 

The m-ilor perlodi bcgfri at 1ii 

 and lail for on hour and o lio 

IKKJI or i icwhal Gorier duration 

A.M. p.'A 

Minor Mpio 
Minor M 

 walk on'the ground. But It can climb a tree like a lumberjack, 
Rakowltsch says. 

Curved claws, projecting 

 from joints of the hoatzin'.s wings, help the clumsy bird climb trees without difficulty. 
It roosts on branches 

 overhanging the river. When disturbed, Ihc hoatzin dives and swims beneath the surface. 

In addition to opportunities 

 to fish and photograph wildlife, the Jungle Queen stops at several Indian villages along the river where guests may take 

 photographs and barter for 

 native-made items. 
• 

Alligators 
Recovering 
In Texas 

AUSTIN 
— Although still 

 classified by the federal 

 government as endangered throughout the United Stales, the American alligator in 
Texas has recovered to the point that wills proper 

 management 
Parks and 

Wildlife Department biologists feel that the reptiles should continue to increase where there is suitable habitat. 

An informal, statewide sur- 

 vey of alligators in Texas con- ducted by Ihc <lej)arltiion( in 
1973 revealed some 25,451 ga- tors in an cslimalctl 1,927 square miles of suilable habi- tat. 

.Jefferson, Chambers and 

Bra/oria Counties on the coasl housed the majority: 15.6oo between the three areas. 

Alligator range extends from 

 the coasl north to Bowie County and west into Dimwit County. 
Isolated gators were also found in Archer County south of 
Wichita 
Falls. Hamilton 

County in north-central Texas and in Kimble County in Ihc 
Hill Country. 

Biologists speculate dial ga- 

 lors found outside of their na- niral range probably are from releases. 

If (he alligator population 

 coiiUiMii's to grow, trapping unwarned or nuisance gators trom areas of high concentra- tion and transplanting Ihcm to suitable habitat would be an allornalivo available In game managers. 

 l eg 

BfiWry bai full hit 

 toad-Anderson 

GLASTRON CO. 

I.H. 1o N.W.. SOUTH OF WONDERLAND 

141 BALCONES NORTH • SAN ANTONIO.TEXAS 782o1 • (512) 732-5111 

 and you pay less! 

ORDER YOUR 
PERSONALLY 

AUTOGRAPHED 

COPY.8 

Dollar for dollar Wards sells Ihe finest qual ity 11-gauge fencing fabric money can buy 
Hot-dip galvanized then coated with chro mate. Choose from various heights. 

Call Wards Today for free estimate 

Wonderland Store 
736-4111 

McCreless Store 

532-8881 

Alio avoilcMt ol Jotko's, Sommeii 
Diug Slorn, Johns' Tcxkle Cinltr, lejtoi Stor«i Spoiling Goods, Iht 
Io(Mi iox, Thornton') Spoiling 
Good), Gibton't ami Oihmun'i. 

WARDS-THE FENCING 

PROFESSIONALS SINCE 1887 

Major League Averages 

Cleveland 
Bslllmcfe 
MllftlUkM 

INDIVID 
Hoc m 

McRatKC 

 ak 

GoluccwMil 
Valemlnecal 

Harrih T$x 
N.Cash Dei 
F.RflWnwnC*! 
Co/ bo B« 
Henderson Chi 

 el 
Bel anger Bal 
Dt John icn Oak 
Norm Oak 

 a.Reblnson Bat 
Guerrero Boi 
P.KdlvChl 
Mtvberry KC lyKC 
Ferrer Mln 

Knowles Oak 
BCampbetl M'.n 
Cacoer KL 
SetinaCal 
Kline NY 
B.ReynoldiBal 
HllHOet 

F< .OHvtr Cal 
FregoiLTen 
Almfpomry oca 
OsfclaMir 
SU1IMII 
?.Divlieil 
Wwison NY 
HorrmannChl 
Benlquei oo1 
SchaalKC 

MttSnmft LA 
Grill in Mb 
KoosmanNV 

C 

 oleY SF 
Lonboro Itil 
Hetvon On 
Spikes Cle 
Rale Oak 
RivtrsCa 
BirryMK 
TerrellMJn 
K aline Del 

1 
I .X 
3 III 
1 .271 
1 .271 
4 .274 
4 .376 
1 .247 

CufTiJ SIL 
Gullelt Cin 
El'.il 
Scarce 

Hunter oax 
C.Wrlohl Mil 
Medlch NY wood cm 
DOOSOONY 
J. Perry Cle lloltimanOek 

Bllll^gham C'n 
Kft/cmAll 
R-Hernandz Pch 

LA ecn 
An 
Rocd All 
Harrison All 
ArllnSD 
H.PInaChl 

11 16 
14 li 
U II 
17 
12 
17 

IJ 13 1 
12 17 
I-.May 
W.CrawBfd LA 
BowaPhl 
D.Thomtt 5D 
Torre SIL 

Frvman Det 
G. Jackson Bal 
McDanlelKC 
TldrowCle 
LaGrov/ Del 

Pinion KC 
Hundley Mn 
Tenace Oak 
A. Jaw son 

C.Jones NY 
Boone Phi 
Oares At! 
MtCevey SO 
Buckjicr t A 
Walker Sparkles 
In A&M Scrimmage 

COLLEGE 
STATION 

(AP)-Halfback Skip Walker bolted 57 yards for a touchdown anil gained 116 yards on 1o runs to spark the firsl team to a 2-MI win over the second in a con- trolled football scrimmage at 
Texas A&M Saturday. 

The other three touchdowns 

 came on a 22-yard run by lialf- back Bubba Bean, a 14-yard run by quarterback David 
Walker and a nine-yard run by halfback Ronnie Hubby. 

Coach Emory Bollard said 

 afterwards "II was another good practice session. 1 thought both the first offense and first defense play solidly. And, some individuals on both ihe second units showed some 

 improvement." 

Bellard said that the Aggies 

 will spend more time scrim- maging their pass offense next week. 

"We haven't worked a lot on 

 the passing game and we need to work on live protcclion." 

A Symbol of Elegance 

Christopher Hill 
Condominiums 

 corner of \. New liraunfels and Crandview PI. 
Alamo Heights. Just-comptclcd lownhouscs, 2-3 bed room, 2-bnllis, private gardens, swimming pool. Fully carpeted and draped, all General tleclric kilchens with wasiicr-rlryers only 3 left 

832,5oo to 837,5oo 

OPEN HOUSE 

Saturday, 1-5 p.m. 

 cnnlacl Carolyn Graham,'Realtors 

826-8673 nilcs 826-3349 

ANNIVERSARY SALE 

IN, ACCESSORIES OF YOUR CHOICE 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF A NEW RIG 

OFFER GOOD THRU APRIL 1 8 

WHO GIVES 
WHY 

 u (he fovcsf prhej 
/n South Texai for WTial Xou 

Atlucllr Rceclvcf 
WE DO! 

BRADY'S IS M!RCURY'S NO. 1 VOLUME DEALER IN TEXAS. WE INTEND TO 

STAY NO. 1 IN 74 AND TO DO THIS WE HAVE REDUCED All OF OUR PRICES 
FOR THIS SPECIAl ANNIVERSARY SALE — PIUS GIVE YOU THI VERY BEST 

FACTORY TRAINED MOTOR SERVICE AND'FIBERGLASS REPAIR. 

LARGEST MERCURY DEALER IN TEXAS 

18' MARQUIS BOAT 

INCLUDES: TOP, NORN, FIRE IXTINBUlSHttl, BUILT IN OAi TANK, 

O, BILOI. PUMP, BILOI BlOWfK AND 5TIRH SEATS 

14o HP MER-CRUISER INBOARD-OUTBOARQ 

INCLUDfS FULl INSTB. PANEL, POWER TRIM AMD 8ATTCRY. 
DULY GALVANIZED CUSTOM DRIVE ON TRAILER 

1974 16 FT. SEABREEZE TRI-HULE. 
FIBERGLASS BOAT 
, 

K<iUD:NO WMK IHIU WINOCT,v 
AST) UFHOiSTIfitO SfAlS 
19744o HP MIRCURV 
IUCTRIC MOTOR 
MtW DULY T*AlllR 

RfO. PRICE 
J6374.oo 
BRADY'S 

SPECIAL 

$ 

UM1TEP SUPPLY 

OTHER HEW 
16«T..»ABRIIIE TBI.HUIL 

NIW 4o KP 
MERCURY MOTOR 

NEW 
DIUY TRAIUR 

REGUIAR $2438.oo 
1777 

• MACQtfll BOA1S 

II 4xvll i^.fJc 
•1IAIIUUBOA1I 
« CICWS CtAfl ftOAII 
* CAUXV IOAU 

EPBSLLV CUSTOM DRgVE-glli TRAILERS 

1974 
FISHING MOTOR SPECIAL 

4 HP 
$3o3.95 

7.5 HP I $4V3.oo I *32888 

BliAOY'S SPECIAL 
'23888 
9.8 HP 

2o HP 

RES. 

$533.oo 

$629.oo 

BRADY'S SPECIAL 
'41888 
'49888 

See the Boats, Motors, and Trailers That Everyone Wants for Ideal 

Fishing, Skiing or Family Boating Pleasure 

LOWEST PRICES IN TEXAS 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT-UP TO 5 YEARS TO PAY 

BRADY'S MARINE 

OPEN 9 TO 8 

WEEKDAYS 
435 E. MITCHELL 

532.42o4 

V to 5 SATURDAY 

1 to 6 SUNDAY. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sunday, April 14, 1974 
Pag«9-K I 

 the people ttoe people 

7 discontinued sizes of our popular 

Everyday low prices on these other 
CHAMPION sizes... 

Slie 
BlacUwall 
F.E.T. 

6.oo-13 
6.5o-13 
5.6o-15 

An prices pk 

$13. SO 
15.8O 
2O.9o 

 s taxes and o!c 

M.6o 

1.78 
1.78 

 lire. 

Hurry... Limited stocks remaining 

WHITEWALL 

ADD«3EXCEPT 
6.oo-13 ADD S4 

SIZE8.25-14 

SIZE 7.35-I4 

SIZE 8.I5-15 

SIZE 7.75-14 

SIZE 8.55-14 

SIZE 7.75-15 

Blackmail 
Plus'2.15 
F.E.T. srjl old I Ire. 

SIZE 8.45-15 

DOUBLE BELTED 

 ig74oRIGINAL[QUIPMENJ 

WHITEWALLS 

PJus'2.o51o'2.17 
F.E.r.ar.dokJtirc. 
. 
. 

F.E.T. and aid tire. 

SIZES G78-11, 16; 

H78-14. 15 
^o/15o 
34 

Pkis'267lci'2.97 
F.E.T. and ok) llr«. 

SIZES J78-14, 15: 

L78-15 

Plus'3.o5 lo'3.ID 

. F.E.T. and old li/e. 

Tire stone SERVICE COUPON 

LUBE & OIL CHANGE «<" OIL FILTER 

Incfudss up to & quarts of quality oil. OIL FILTER and expert lubrication. 

THIS 

WEEK 

ONLY 

Offer expires 

April 2o 

LIMITED TIME OFFER 

New regular spring prlco >7.88 and up 

PLASTIC 

Big 3-bushcl capacity; fits 
2o-gallon trash cans. 
52 $159 for 

Limit oriG box of 52 liners; additional 
*2.98 per box. 

PIGKUPS,VANS, 

CAMPERS! 

TRANSPORT 5oo 
WIDE OVAL 

Plus^3.25 F.E.T. and exchange lire 
8.oo-16.S. Black tuboloss 
6-ply fated 

^DOWNTOWN 

7o1 H. »lcm»- 

*WOODIAWN un 

7U-17I) 

*HIU COUNTRY 

FIRESTONE 
KirrvtlU, I.i. 

1S74IU 

*MARBACH 

SHOPfINO CENTER 
74U$.W.KIil«TOr. 

+DOWNTOWN 

MS N. Main 

*WONDERLAND 

NO Gill N. 

7M-I572 

*FREDIERICKBURO mw.M* 
Fi«4«ld»iwi 

 tt74M] Tilts Ot(y 

*ZANE TRUMAN 

RKESTONF 

U4441I 

*NORTH SIDE 

7»1 Son P.drg 

*WE5T SIDE 

 l7ISW.(«nmtrci 

*SOUTHEAST 

IH W. W. WVli 

MM1M 

*ZANETRUMAN 

RRESTONE 

*ALAMO HEIGHTS 

41oo IrMdwny 

I74-7S47 

*WEHRNG'S 

Unluiul City 

454-7oo1 

^CROSSROADS 

W. (M»Mrc« d 

4M-t)U 

*OLMOS 

 lMonf.jTS 
712-1171 

^HIGHLAND 

HILLS 

111! G«ll«j 

 it Chili 
S32-544* 

'SOUTHSIDE 

2415 »««*.««• N. il S. W. 

SHOP FIRESTONE 

FOR PHILCO 
PRODUCTSl 
. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday, April 14, 1974 

• 
By AURELIO 

• 
RAMIREZ JR. 

ALLEY TALK 

The Slo-Pokcs League 

\Thcre are fun leagues in bowling and then there are fun leagues. 

And then (here is Hie 2-l-tcam 

Slo-Pokcs League which bowls at Goliad. 

A total of eight learns, -1o 

 women, represented the league ip the Women's International 
Bowling Congress national tournament over the weekend in Houston. 

NOT UNUSUAL 

The trip was not unusual for 

 the mixed league which slarled in 1961 as a 1o-tcam loop and now has a waiting list of more than 5o persons seeking to join the league. 
. Slo-Pokcs learns arc entered annually in the national, slate and city men's aurt women's tournaments and loop 

 members have nabbed two women's city lilies as well as a men's city ami a men's state championship. 

And the traveling is not res- 

 tricted lo participation in bowling tournaments. The league has chartered buses for 
Irips to the Astrodome to see 
Ihe Aslros play and lo Dallas lo watch the Cowboys in action. 

UNIQUE SHIRTS 

A unique feature of the 

 league is that the members own 169 bowling shirts. The men's garment shows a man bowler backing up a woman bowler as she bowls and the scene is reversed on the women's shirts. 

When the teams participate 

 in tournaments, Ihey switch shirls and Ihe shirts usually become the talk of the tourney. 

The league was organised by 

Bill Hall and current officers are Tony Rivas, president: Mel 
Wchemoyer, vice president; 
Freida 
Hall, secretary- 

 treasurer; and, Pete Klaus, league representative. 

STRIKES 'N SPLITS 

Oops! Made a slight error 

 last week when we said the 38th annual city tournament started 
April 17. The correct date is 
April 27 and the tourney will run three weekends...Larry 
Laub won $4,ooo in the Fires- lone Tournamcnl of Champions at Akron and took over the lead in the money earnings in the 
Professional Bowlers Associa- tion's lour at the end of Ihe winter lour wilh winnings to- taling S49.2GO. The pros will see uclion in Ihe ADC Masters in 
Indianapolis April 2o-2'! and 
Ihen lake a break until June 2-9 when the Brunswick PBA Na- lional Championships at Dow- ney, Cal., get the summer tour under way. 

Locals racked up a number a! 

 firsts recently as Javier Garcia busied Ihe 7oo mark with a 7o2, 
Sylvia Jimenez went over the 
6oo mark with a OH and (he first 511os included Olivia llcrrera 521, Ronald Cuever 
519, Edna Ozuna 5o3 and Richie 
Merck 5o1. First 2oos were a 
211 by Until Henry, 2flli by Mary 
Smith and 2o2 by Harold Far- mer. ,.Uick Clarkson had a 2o9 triplicate...Lee Livingston won 
:i century palch wilh a 277 game—1o2 pins over average... chuck Grimes had an all- spare 183 and olhcr all-spare games included 182 by Grace 
Haddock, 177 by Sally .lolliffe and 17o by Elmer 1'avlas. 

Vi Tnwnsend, Iris Biediger, 

Jnhn Dcllagiacoma and John 
Pliifer won first place in the 
Northwest League...(he (cam of 
Henry Meyer and Ken O'Con- nor won the championship in 
(he San Pedro Businessmen's 
League. Harry L. Page was Hie league's most . improved 

 bowler, lipping his average from 128 to 155 and earning a century, patch wilh a 257 game. 
O'Connor had a 19-pin average improvement—usually good enough 
In take league 

 vonors as he wound up wilh a fancy 191 average. 

MEN OVER iCO 

COLIAD 

Ro'jtle Gcrmer 4IX 

ALL STAR 

Le'. Fnlr 613, Bill Sechousen CM. John 

/.nrlre^i f , i j , Charles Htrre'a 633 
SorxJ* Sascne 6)1. LojK Var.ecr F'oeMfrr tit. Hank Kias 6o7. Re« tec 6o1. 

SAN PEDRO 

Scni Frocior 677. Ken Q'Ccniwr 6J1 

Pol Dickey 41'. Arv:n Sle*erl A1J, n.:i 

61?, Work. Rois 617. Lcul% Occae 617, 
David WosnlQ ili. Lorry Kimier MS, 
Jcct McMillia/i 6 1 k , AHuro Alanlf 61o, 

. 

OAK HILLS 

Wei Merck KJ, Rovce Ocovcr 473, 

Wrhe McMohon 66o, Tcrrv Plnger «?, 
Homer Faucheoux iO, Rcnnlt Huime 
631, Leonard Marlines Ait, Harry OoUJ 
A?5, Don Muikoof 63J. Dove KoJilmc*<rr 
635, Ed Movrer i?l, Lorrv Ptxrlnnl 63o. 
L« Orkkef 413, Curlii eilkiM 41J, Jim rAtKov A1J. Don Me Co men 6tO, Ken 
Falconer 61o, George Sirionnl 61o. Ron 
Havaood 61o. Gccrc* MorKi« t>LO. Del 
DeLoihmU «9, Jce Komorek 6o7, GUI 
Qoktr 644. Harry Foil*r AOS. M.fce log- natt MS, CorJtcy SmiJh tOi, Duriov 
Gcli'er 4o1. Dove Cfovtr 6o1, Paul SoMi 
4oo, Jmv SwxJj, WO. 

BOlVLCRArM 

Hike Dray *I3, Bob Jarrombtk 611, 

Sonny SchLTitfk 6o1, Harold WoUtofl dOO. 

• HE8MAHH 

Orvt* Oaudci'n il^ Arno Tessman 

Ml, Mai Li/rfcfefce 6QJ, John Carrlllo 6)1, 
Red RitQtf 6oo. Dob Moeller tG9, ChaiKt 
Sltfonic 437. Norman RMItr 617, 6oo, vrciw Orlego 6W, LOOK DioncoMe 666, 
Cartel CailrjMiJg 6oV 

ASTRO ' 

Gene Lclier 733, 7oS. Dennis Miller 735, 

«o, Ed £on« ?o9, Jim KO.VOO 7o7, Jake 
Grtv-alo 693. Jac Bowirvan W9, Lorry 

 rdo'.ia 6AS, Connie Achiuberg £61, 61S, 

DuKc LoDukc 654. 678, Mike Colo 654, 
Robert Bcnlamfne 64\, Gtofgo Marlinei 
611r Randy Nlchali AJi, Jav Slormi 63j, 
RkX C(arXion 637, Bill Slanef 67S, Barry 
Dorllnohanii 6W, Jack: Bialher* 617, 
Gumc GomMrl ilP. A,'.arc Finger 616. 
Jos Kelly 611, Bob Wa::ingronj 611, Sieve 
Crowe 6o?, Warren Kohli 6oS, Waiter 
Linre 6o1. Lee Kasi tOJ, Bob Meiioi-i 6o3, 
[Ml Trlcich 6o1, Don .'.'.eilo.i 63o, Rofier 
Ker.y fiOO, Rfrk Norris 6DO. 

SOUTHS1DE 

J A'ce>; ?J3. D. K. Jor.ci 713. Javier 

Garcia JO?, 613. Milt Svring 633, Lyr\.n 
BriMsn 679, 613. Wei McrcX 679, d\S. Ron 
Mercer 678, Jerry Merck II iiS. ii*. 

 ri^ EliJoll 661. (o?, Cnrlos Casinncan 

66o, 653, Sol Fcnrasia 6S9. Nicky Reid 
673, Robert PcMilla 671. Ronnie HUme 
645, Sle.e Kran-er 6JS. Will Slroir-ei 6J?, 
John.iv Burke 637, Bob Haroer 63S, 

 orl LOIQ OS, Hiram WalKef 631. 63?, rlie Sthulli 625. Bug-, BuChholU 424, ev BucTlrlo^^l 6?2. fJed waidie 6iJ. rk Waldre& 6C3. Bob Burke 6CS, Hal 

Jackson 6o6, Charlie ToMe 6oi. BOB 
Harris WJ. Coracn Schulli 631, Dan 

D5 6o1. Phil iVantfic'd 6oo, 

WOMEN OVER S1o 

GOLIAD 

DolTc Clari. i9i. Wilmo H i c k s 579. irginia BooHv 567. Mildred I-rick 557. 

Leona Hull i», Donr.a CoJlin.s iJ7. Vi lunxi 533. 

ALL STAR 

Millie BrieUkc 6o3. Aggie Vender 

Poortcn 5V3, O'.ive Wallace S6B. Gallic 
Hoskim i6^, 159, mo Rc-imnn SJS. v;ill*?Hc Wrsl SJ5, Sor.dv ScoH SJl. 
1 nur^e Lcc ill, Oo^nn Turley 513. Sissy 
Moirn 537. Bor^ie Dolderos. 536, Elaine 
Dugoslx 531. .",'urv M.cMonncs 531. 

SAN PEDRO 

Era Mac Ciowsc* 5S*. Marly Ccpell 

5?7, pfo To'le 563. Mercv Kung 56S. Delia 
Hccniel ii1?. .Maggie Nance 553, Rila 
.Vacha 558, Slella Sancnc/ 5J7, Su$le 
Andersen 512, Cc-.nlc Scnlcs 5J?, Joan 
Paiado.viki 53S, Ma*Jr.e \Vnorlon 536. r.'.otfelvfl Sarcng 557, 5J5, V.ce Parkei 
533, Liz Vaza.ei 532. 531, Mary Arno'ti 
53o. 

OAK HILLS 

Beltte Jo Geiiier 63S, 5S7, 5*3, StJ, 5JS. 

Sally Jdtiire 616, Rulh Ann Dov.«r 615, 
555, Bobble Dalluge 413. rAyrl DeFlly 
6o7. Laverne Eiierjon s?l Ann Neisen 
59 J, Ann PerUm 693, BrencTa Eng 538, 
57?, Carolyn Horn 585, iil, Corel Smtih 
5?B, 542, Minnie Bour.dl 575, Phyllis 
KuitciiKI 572, Deo Scollorn 543. 542, 
Evelyn Heclor $67, Belly k'chlmever S-W, 
Jo Conrcrf S66. LoK DeVonev 56S, Deb- 
We Kiist SS3, Elli Tcmciyk SiJ, 55<, Roi 
Porrtnni 561, 531. Bel!/ Wise 5M. S4S. 
Jan Brlcker 56o, 556. Louise £urlnoton 
Mi, Beverly Smith 557, 55o, Belly Orew 
556. Kathv Ktril 556, 542. Agn.es 
Laiko<\Ski 555. 555. Helen Neuc!l 55J. 
Pearl Yarbarcnjoh 554, Palsy Pcncarwls 
554. Shirley Monslleld 553. Jerry John- son SSJ, irrn? Ca^laldo 55?. Wilmo 
Hewgfcv 54f. Geitfude Vorpahl 5i9, 
Roselle Sn-.irhi 5'4?, Belly Dan 54S, Mary 
Ann CLfrie 547. liw Goodrlc* 5J7, ten- nis Ootes 546. Birilie Hoelle- 54i, Fto 
Tolle 545, 
Olgo 
Lee 
5 4 5 , Cindy 

Itoughtling 5J3, OeMy o!(mon 511, PaUy 
Denham 54J, Jo Ann Blunl 54o, Alice 
Haroer 5J6, Lola Graves 535, Nelda 
Thomas 53S. 

ASTRO 

Gloria Jor.ei 616. Sylvto Jl.ner.« 6U, 

Ann Robinson 59o. Carmen Nicot 585. 
Jerry Lin!cn 574. Peogy Fry 547, Kaliiy 
Pr.oerJx 553. Javnile Fuller 5J2, Freda 
A'.clfon 5JOj Peggy Eno 53o 

 h\ortha Fascl 5J9. 

HERMANN 

Cot Geafrcv 554, Atary Oo'rtl 54o. 

SOUTHSIDE 

Mvrt DcFllv 669. 429, DoKk Turblville 

615. Bobbie Fe/ilb 611, Lovcrne Ellerson fi3?. Julio AH 1o S74. Roile Moore 593. 
Rhocfa .Vorrnolcio SS3, 53 1. J udv 
Siephenjon 536. Loia Groves 534. Grar.'a 
Rci-noi 585, Nancy Hyber SS2, Oralia 
Garcra 55o. Shirley A vansfield 577, 575. 

5J1. AVirlc- Derm an 573. tirtfa Fo* 577, 
Flaui^c Mikeseli S67, Jcne Vajohn SiS. 
.Mil.ie Frrc 56S. Elfc Bo'-lard S6J, Ann 
MaMIn. 565. Al:cc Talro 558. Joan Wh\\c 
557. Claudia Livingston 552, Margie 
Rcdriguei 551, Beverly Hofisev i^'. 
Ihelma tfarsnatt 54i, He'd a Thomai 5ii. 
Addle Hcmm 5iS, Vida Co^dro 542, 
5hfrley Sheets 513, Mary Alcwia 54?. 
Glenda Reckcr 543. Pom Burkr S4o. 
Frances Gcniales 543. 531. Ja.-.f Ford 
S39, Arlcne Taylor 5J3. Vivian Smith 533. 
Bein-ce Wynne 53S, Fha ToMe 535. Lou 
White 536. fJeldo Moore 535. Nonno 
Sranlev 535. Uerty Stewart 535. Jean 
Mcvi 53J. Jan Bricker 534, Bcnv Borfo.i 
514. Ru1h Henry 533, Mat:'< 

 udc 

City Softball 

Roundup 

Unlike old soldiers, soflbnll 

S iddo;j| jade away. 

They keep rolling along . 

Amado Frias, a gcnl who lias 

 seen serving 'em up to San 
Antonio fast pilch hitlers for a 
.ong lime , is still taking his turn on the slah. 

Thursday night l-'rias 

 checked in with another stellar job, this one a l-ll squeaker for 
Wright Sports over Circle K 
Steak House in the National fast pitch league. 

The 
Steak 
House gang 

 managed only five hils off 
Amado. Bob Ortega's double scored Bob Fricse wilh the winning run for Wrighls. 

This year's fast pitch cam- 

 paign, incidentally, promises all kinds of excitement in (he way of hot league races. Four teams arc ganged up [or (he lead in (he National division, each wilh 2-1. And the Kelly 
Flyers lead the American with 
2-o with five teams Lied for second place. 

Kelly Wins 

Kully won its second straight, 

 a 7-2 win over St. Philip's. 
Johnny White hit ;H and Handy 
White pik-licd a five hillcr for 
Ihe winners. 

Meanwhile in tho inujtir slow 

 pilch loop, Die Josephine's 
Parlor Hustlers are living up lo their nickname. They Ijave hustled off lo a great btarlVilh 
3-o. The Hustlers turned back 
Turner Welding hist week, 4-3, with Gilbert Garibny leading the offense with 3-4. 

Ulher rirjIilitjMs cf lu^l v.cek'i action: 
In Ihe Monday Green league, the 

CuCQilon bombed '.'ever Rnance. 72-6. 

 wim 4-S. Rov Revet, t S anil o hcnicr. 

RofcsM Gcnzalci. 3 5 and u f-O-'iicr uated 
Ihe vk'orv. 

Including a homer vent Ihe bserj In the 

Bill McKlnnev wllM 5 5 Ic-d Ward's 

In Ihe Tuesday Minor fail pilch 

 league. Oriega-Uernal scored lojr run* ki t-~e boUom of rhe Irjh lo overcome- 
F&K Truck Sc-rvlec, 9-3, ff.K had (o'JIcil 
Three Kmes In me 1oo ol 1ho I3lh. 

Red 'caauc v/llli 34 oMei on B-2 wf.n over fAtDcnouflh Bros. Anlhcnv X-.-ghes and 
S'cn Pace eccTi iv.aMed 3-4 Tor If.e Lighl, 

And PSF Conslruct.or. rocned 1en 

 home runs In a vrl'd ?b-1i druttWng cl 

Broi. Gecn Krurger and Freddy 

Bvi he winr.crs. 

Cilv 
Recrcallon olliclaK are 

Inlc^eilcd in pailldntilir.g should 
Treoagnler ol 823 Bill. 

Cougars, Gators 
Golf Favorites 

HOUSTON1 (AP) - The K"lf 

 loams cf Florida and Ilouslnn, ranked second and thin! in (ho nation, arc Hie fuvonlcs ihis vwk in Ihe 2olh All-American 
Intcrcolk'Kialc Invitational K«lf 
(DiirnameiH al 
Alasfiicila 

Connlry Club. 

Florida's Gary Kodi, ihc \mv 

 aiualcur in last year's U.S. 
Open, and Houston's Koilti 
Fergus, wlio recetilly won (he 
SI. Anders Classic in Scotland, arc ainoiif; the favorites to win the individual litle. 

Seven of the top-ranked 

 college golf teams in Ihe nation will participate in the 26-lram tournament, hosted annually by Houston. 

Others are Arizona State, 

 sixth; Florida State, seventh; 
Oklahoma 
Stale, eight; 

Alabama, ninth, anil Louisiana 
Slate, lOlh. 

Houston is the defending 

 team champion Inn a new in- dividual champion and runner- up will be named this year. 
Houston's Bill Rogers won the tournament last year and 
Texas' Hen Crenshaw, nmv on the pro lour, was runner-up. 

Koch finished sixth in tlic 

 tournament last year, IS slwls behind Kugcrs. Ktich was the rumier-np in the National 
Collegiate Athletic Association t o u r n a m e n t last year lo 

Crcnsibaw. 

The 7'Miole tournament will 

 he played over Ataseocila's 
Ii,ii6:!-yard par-72 championship course. The tournament begins 
Wednesday with the final round 
Saturday. 

Southern California, mil en- 

 tered here, defeated Florida by 
Iwo strokes in the recent Axlec 
Invitational Innrnamenl. 

; 
RE-ELECT 

JUDGf 

, 
U. (Buck) GITTINGER 

 i 
JUDGE. COUNTY COURT 

AT LAW NO. t 
"' 

Bexor County, Texai 

I 
HONEST • ABK • IXPtRKNCED 

.• Life long resident of Bexaf Coui.ly. Texas - 
• Educated in local schools and Un.versity of 

Texas 

• Veteran World War t 
• Experienced Trial lawyer 
• EJecled Judge Cou'i'y Coi,rt af taw No I 

 three times withou' opposition 

Paid Pal Adv Paid fo« By Pa) Camp Campaign Manogei 

\ 

 trevin® 

By Lee Trevino 

PUTTING, BY GEORGE 

1 don't know who's the world's best putter, 

 but I know who I'd bet on against anyone else's candidate. George Low probably in- vented putting. 

He's helped a lol of pros, and 

George's lessons ain't cheap. 
He doesn't have any far-out ideas about putting, unless you think it's weird lo compare a puller wilh'a closet door. 

The thumbs control most of 

 the feel between hands and putter. Low wants 'cm both on top of the shaft, wilh only Ihe first joint touching the grip, not extended down Ihe handle. 

He advises a soil grip when 

 greens are fast. Use a firm grip on slow greens and uphill pulls. 

From a slightly open stance, 

 he places his weight on bis left heel tor belter balance, lining up the ball on (he inside of his left fool. George makes sure his left index finger is just ahead of the ball at address because il insures firmer con- tact and puts mure nvcrspin on he ball. 

A putter swings like a closet 

 door, hitting the ball just as the 
'door" closes. The club comes jack just inside Hie line of the 
Kill. 

Practice the Low method and 

 you'll learn how to pull, by 
George. 
McCriinmoii 
Cops Title 

Mark McCrimmon defeated 

Jeff Pfistcr, 6-4, 6-1, for the boys' 16 singles title in Ihe T 
Bar M Racquet Club's Spring 
Junior Club championships Sa- turday al the Northern Hills 
Connlry Club. 

Other final resulls: 

Bays' 12 S'.no'es: Jol-n Drossos del. 

Sa-n Vloao, &O, A J. Bov's 12 Dsublei: 
Wadp-Tcd S.nlder def. DroLSos-r.Mles f.'.cCrrmmcn. 6J. 6-1. Girli1 12 Slng'es: 
Lcillc Rub n del. Dianno Rus&cM, 6.1, 1-b. 
Oovs* 14 Sirw^cs: Mannir.g Pleti del. Tim 
SnEdcr. 6. 3, 62. Glill' IJ Slno:ej: Nwll ii;s dcf. l_«lic Rub'n, 6o. 6 J. Girl?1 14 
Douh!pi: f?uhln-Pom Porter drt. Carol 
Kuril Dicnne Rusioil, 44, 6-1, 6-3. Bovi' 
1o Singles: Terry Snider del. Jock 
1 

Wi'llomi. 6o. i o. BOYS' 16 S'nglesr Mark r,\ cCrknmon del- Jell plislgr, 6-J. 6-1. 

DAVIS CUP, LISBON al 1at.es 2o lead over Erc'an metis France •:» next rcund. 

Terry Stembridge: 
ABA's Historian 

Conllnurd from I'ngc !l 

 t'liIfiiKn, wliu.sd-p.sst's-KnocI 
U'iiin iiliiy anil (•(mil defonse 

"Tlic.v'ri' iiltcriiifj Iwskcllxill 

 n Ki-ci'ii (loiil niul i here .nren'l very many liiRli-si-orint,' Kiimc's us in (lie p;isl," Terry niitcci, 11 hit sudly. 

Bad Bounces 

 c lias mixed 

 incniflrics (if Hit' Cliiipiirrals. 

"Diilhis played Us Nrst 

 exliil)ili»n game chains! New 
Orlciiiis mi Oct. :i, 19o7," Terry reeulls. "Ironically, il was in my liuinc [nwn nf Kitiwre. 

"The first red, while and 

 blue baskelbiills thai ciiinc from the faclnry were tun lively. Tile ball would lake some of the craziest bounces and the players weren't used to il. 

"No one sc-orcd a jxiint for 1o 

 minutes. It was probably [lie worst KiinR' in tlic history nf hiiskelball. 

"We traveled most places by 

 bus iind we would sit in the coach section if we .took a plane. Now we travel .strictly by jet and ride first class. Meal money back then was S1o per diem. Xoiv it's S2o. 

"IL was a little hectic back 

 llien, but more glamorous because there were more night flights. We had a lot of mid- night flights from Miami lo 
New Orleans — we. travel strictly by morning now." 

The nostalgia turned lo 

 poetry. 

"That was jjreat romance, to 

 fly the midnight flight. across 
Ihe country. - 

Merry-Go-Kound 

"It was a shame 
(lie 

Chaparral franchise didn't succeed." mused Terry. 

"1 saw Ihe front office change 

 over three tir four limes. In all, 
['ve worked for five general managers and seven coaches. counting Tom twice, and have 

 seen several hundred players come and HO." 

Terry 
Slembridge, 
Ihe 

 walking, talking history qf the 

AHA. bus seen it all - and reported it In his listeners. 

MONDAV IN TIIK NKtt'S; A 

 rocky litglnnlng. 

$35,ooo Awaiting 
Masters Champion 

AUGUSTA, Oa. (A!1) - The 

 winner ot the 38tli Masters Golf 
Tournament will receive a cash prize of $3&,ooo, a record for this cvenl, the Augusta Na- tional (iolf Club annminced Sa- turday. 

The winner's share 

 represents au increase of $5,ooo from a year ago but is exceeded in value by more than a dozen other events on the American pro lour. 

In announcing the prize 

 money breakdown for this 

 year's Masters, Augusta Na- tional listed these oilier pri/cs: 
?25,OOI) for second, S17.5oo for third; $15,ooo for fourth; SlO.OtK) for 5th; $7,5oo for sixth; $5,ooo fur seventh; $4,5oo for eighth; 
$-1.ooo for ninth and $3,8oo for 
1oth. 

It is scaled down to 82,1oo for 

24tli. All players who finish between 25th and 4-tlh receive from $1,7oo to SI ,85o. 

All professionals who com- 

 peted but did not make Ihe cut for Ihe final two rounds receive 
$1.2oo. 
• The total purse is 

 approximately .$23o,ooo dis- 
Iribnled to a smaller field than the one that shared the $£M,825 in prize money for this event a year ago. 
Span-Am League 
Sets 2 Games 

Two games are slated im the 

Spanish American 
League 

Sunday at Central CYO Field. 

Kiki's Ice House (o-1) and 

Gncro's Ice House (l-l) collide al 1:3o p.m. wilh Alamo En- terprises (1-o) -(ireal Western 
Finance (o-2) game following. 

Polo Match 

The San Antonio Polo Club 

 will (angle with a team friiiu 
Wichita Falls al 3 p.m. Sunday in Brackcnridge Park for the 
S.A. Lighl trophy. 

GENERAL AGENCY 

OPPORTUNITY 

If you're in the Federal Employee payroll deduction market, we would like to discuss our General Agency program with you. 
Contact Jerry Neuhouser (713) 626-5o6o, 
Monday or Tuesday mornings between 9 and \ 1 o'clock. 

We manufacture this knit blazer for stores that charge just about 

 double what you pay for it at Simon! 

Simon's "no-middleman" how well-made are 
Simon clothes? 
FACTORY OUTLET PRICE: 

Superbly. We ve been in the 

 business for over sixty years, 

 and our fabrics, our tailoring and styling are tops. Our clothes are 

 factory-fresh, from our own 

 factory. If your image of fac- tory-outlet clothing is cheap 

 imports and factory closeouts, pay our store a visit. The only 

 reason Simon clothes are inex- pensive is that we completely 

 bypass the middleman. 
1 Come 

 see our great new spring- summer line! 
Other Sport Coots $39.95 and $44.95 

Suits $49.95 to $69.95 

 t 

IOOP 41o f~~| 

CfNTRAl o 

PARK g 

MAll ct z 

 w. maoR 

SIMON'S 
EH 

W. RAMPART 

CD 
NORM 
SMR 
MAll 
IMON 

MANUFACTURING 

COMPANY 

STORE HOURS 
1o a.m. to 9 p.m. 
Mon. thru Frl. 
1 o a.m. to 6 p.m. 
Saturday 

7213 SAN PEDRO AVENUE 

(Tv/o blocks Soulh of Norih Star Mall) 

1171. KtiRl.n MIW.S CURrOim<GN. 

Edward 
Kennedy and 

AMERICA'S LIVELY FAMILY NEWSPAPER 
2T£rRirs PER COPY 

I;-'. 

REDFORD 
The box office hit on the beaches 
Center pages 

RAQUEL 
The sex goddess wants to quit 

SINATRA 
He socks *em in the big city pago u 

I HEAR 
TEDDY 
CRYING 
AND IT 
TEARS 
THE 
HEART 
OUT 
OF ME' 

SENATOR Edward Kennedy told thl* week of the heartbreak he feel* when he hears hi» son cry- ing over the lost of hl« leg. "We try to make out at though we have not noticed his ladnett," he »ald, 
"but It tear* the heart out ol me." 
FULL STORY: PAGE FIVE. 

Treasure map off 
America 

Pages 3o ana 31 

'ixomst' priest is bewfahed by love 
Page seven 

Senator Kennedy and son Teddy ... the boy's tears are heartbreaking. 

BUCKLEY: WHY NIXON SHOULD RESIGN 

SGRlATPACiS OF 
SUPER STAR SPORTS 

WHAT YOUR JOB 
15 Iff ALLY WORTH 

PAGE2 TIIENATIONAlSTAHArRtUW 
A battlefleld's safer than 

By CA5S VANZr 

A BABY bom In 1974 stands a better chance of being murdered during his lifetime than a World 
War II soldier did of being Kilted in combat 

That's the conclusion of a re- 

 cent study conducted by Dr. Ar- nold Bamett, a mathematician at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His study focused on infants born in the nation's 
5o largest cities. 

Based on the current murder 

 rate, Barnett found that such 

 big city streets 

 babies have a S percent chance of being murdered while only 2 percent of the Gl's In World War 
II were killed in action. 

He noted, however, that the 

 statistics are based on. the child's lifetime and compared to the total number of soldiers in 
World War 1). 

Many of these soldiers never 

 saw battle, he added. Barnett's 

 study projected four different homicide rates. 

On the."optimistic" side, ho 

 applied the current homicide rates to the future and found: 

One in 79 persons bon. in 

Boston this year could be murdered; one in 67.in New 
YorKi one in 6o in Chicago; one in 82 in Los Angeles; one in 4o in 
Washington and one in 51 in 

Miami. In Detriot he projected one In 35 could-be killed, 

On the "pessimistic" side, 

Barnett based his projections on the assumption that the murder fate will increase over the years and came up with the following: 

One in 17 bom in New York 

 this year could be murdered: one in 16 in Washington; one in 
24 in Chicago; one In 22 In Los 
Angeles; one In 11 In Atlanta; one in 21 in Miami; one in 32 in 
Boston and one in 14 in Detroit. 

Inside 

 the Star 

 ligby's View 

Washington 
Paqe 4 

Jackie • 
Pages 8-1o 

Aunt Meg 

Star fun 

TV personalities 

Pages 22-23 

TV quiz 

Sinatra and Bedford 

Pages 24-25 

Starscope 

Longfellow 

Precinct 

• 
Liveliest Letters 

Travel 
ICrossword 

Treasure Guide 
Pages 29-31 

• • 

Disco 
• 
$4 Dinner 
• 
Gardening 
• 
Mrs. Flxtt 
• 
Pet Shop 

Star Diet 

Fashion Pages 36-37 

Health 

Questions Answered 

Puzzles • 

Sports 

• 
Racing 

TUB Nitloiul SUr li owiwd ttA pgbUik- al by Wortd Nt»i Omen Uoo It J» Jrd 
Avtnx. He» VMk. NY TO17, lihkh U ti* CorporalkA's principal pUct of' bujloe*>. Il'i otacm we: Prttfcfcnf, 
KM. Hitter*; V P 
GccrtUry, R.R. 

 fc: Trtju/rr, O.W. Le??ert 

NATIONAL STAR WEEKLY: 
Uoa to mill Mcoftd cllispoiluc fn&ag 
• 1 New Yort N.Y.. ud iddiUoni! miff. 
Inj oilkti: PoW^itrc WctU Nnri Cor- > poriuon. Sub4crlpU«a r«t*: lUper yt«r. 

I'M NOT AFRAID OF 
BEING 
FIRST 
LADY 

Credit row couple put a scare into auto firms 

THE AMERICAN automobile industry may lose millions of dollars.as a result of a court decision handed down in Washington last week. 

The court awarded $15o,ooo in damages 

 to a couple whose credit rating was ruined when they refused to make payments on a new car which turned out to be a lemon. 

Mrs. 
Betty 
Ford talks to the 
National 
Star 

 n 

By 
BETSY FREUND 

THE WIFE of Vice-President Gerald Ford revealed this week that she would 'not stand In her husband's way if he decided to run for President 

In a major switch, Mrs. Betty Ford told the Star in an 

 exclusive interview: "I would not be frightened about the possibility of being First Lady." 

Until now, Mrs. Ford has steadfastly denied that her 

.husband would seek the Presidency. 

In fact, many political observers believed her to be the chief reason for Mr. Ford's 
Insistence that he would not be a candidate. 

But with President Nixon 

 heading deeper into trouble, 
Mrs. 
Ford probably realizes 

 that her husband could be call- ed upon to be his successor. 

She told the Star; "If my 

 husband wants to run for 
President In the Interest of the country and for the sake ol un- iting the party, I certainly won't stand in his way. 

"I had said before that It 

 was too early for any thing like this to be considered. The con- vention is still two years away. 

"Hut if it comes up that he Is 

 more or less called to do U, then I couldn't possibly, as an individual, stand in his way.' 
After all, we've been married almost 26 years." 

The sudden change In Mrs. 

Ford's attitude seems to coin- cide with her husband's strong speech to a GOP gathering in 
Chicago. He heatedly criticiz- ed the "arrogant, elite guard 

 o{ political adolescents" who ran the President's 197Z re- election campaign. 

Mrs. Ford said of her 

 husband's remarks: "It was absolutely right. Someone should have spoken up and he finally dkl." 
• The surge of strong support for her husband could be giv- ing Mrs. Ford the confidence to stand by his side and be prepared to take on the duties of the First Lady, 

Psychiatrist 

In an earlier interview with 

 the Star, Mrs. Ford said she had been unprepared for the demands made on a 

 politician's wife. 

"I thought I was marrying a 

 lawyer," she said. 

Not long ago (he 56-year-old, 

 petite and frail-looking Mrs. 
Ford admitted that she had been seeing a psychiatrist. 

"With my husband constant- 

MRS. FORD ... "I cant stand in his way." 

 ly away on' speaking engagements, I was acting as mother and father to our four children," she said. "I had a lot of decisions to make and I needed help."1 

Now, with things under con- 

 trol, she is able to discuss the problems of being the wife of a politician. 

"You don't know what 

 you're in for until you get there," she said. 

"If I were advising young 

 wives of men in politics, I'd re- mind them that th'elr husbands come first. Look at the 

 protocol of. politics; you go through the receiving line after your husband." 

"Although you don't have to 

Bob's office walls really look 

 like a million! 
BOB Stupak's wallpaper looks like a million. It should. He's covered the walls of his gambling museum in Las Vegas with a million dollars. 

Stupak spent four months with 3o 

 volunteers tenderly pasting the walls with the cash in hopes of enriching the interior to attract tourists. 

It has. People are flocking to the place and 

 paying to see the handsomely decorated walls, apparently hoping for some free samples. 

Now he plans to build a 28-story hotel — In 

 the rear of the museum — to accommodate the paying visitors. Some 15 million tourists 

. visit Las Vegas each.year. Stupak. hopes to, 

'Bbb'Stupili I.. He'i fe&t rrioney'to'bUlm "-Attract about a mlltWrK'.v.'.'.v.v.V-.v..' 

 give up your entire personal life or career for your husband, it mustn't conflict with his. There arc many social demands on your life that you-can't brush aside." 

Mrs. Ford sympathizes with 

 other political wives who don't seem satisfied with just being married to famous men. 

In particular Joan Kennedy, 

 who always seemed to hunger for attention by wearing a micro-mini skirt to the White 
House or by appearing at jet- set parties with glamorous men other than her husband. 

Though Mrs. Ford doesn't 

 like to discuss the Kennedys, she admits that "perliaps Joan fell stifled being In such a strong family and being com- petitive. Maybe she needed some way to express herself". 

But the former Betty 

Bloomer, once known as "the prettiest girl in Grand 
Rapids," said she lias no regrets at giving up her career. 

Until she married Mr. Ford 

— when she was 3o and he was 
35 — she had spent years studying modern dance under 
Martha Graham. 

At one point, her mother 

 came to New York ami asked her to return to Grand Rapids for six months. While there, she met Gerald Ford. 

She has no regrets. 
"I'm 

 very glad that I was wise enough to give up my career and go back -to Grand flaplds and have the foresight to marry Jerry." ' 
' - 

Officials in the auto Industry 

 fear that If the decision la upheld it will be a signal for a 
Wholesale rebellion By people whose cars fall apart whilo still new. 

According to court 

 testimony, Mr. and Mrs. 
Reginald Holland bought o new Ford Maverick in April 
1$7o for ?2,«5.6o. They financ- ed 11,9oo through Ford Motor 
Credit and paid the rest In cash. 

Less than a month later, 

 the car's engine "blew up" 

They complained to the 

 dealer from whom they had bought the ear and to 'Ford 
Credit. The finance company said that the condition of the car was not its problem. 

The Hollands refused to 

 make any payments, 

Ford 
Motor 
Credit 

 repossessed the car, fltled.lt with a new engine and sold It. 

According to Ford, tho' 

 proceeds of the sale fell 11,ooo short of what the couple oW^d, 

They warned the Hollands 

 that if they failed to come up with the J.1,ooo the matter would be reported to a local credit bureau. . 

Finally, Ford agreed to, 

 accept (6oo as full payment. 

What the Hollands didn't 

 know was that a credit bureau had already been told that they were delinquent In their payments. 

When they applied for credit 

 from a commercial company, they were turned down. 
. 
The same thing happened 

 when they applied for' a 

 mortgage. 

They traced the rejections 

 to the 197o repossession, and. 
In 1972, filed suit seeking *1.2S million in damages, arguing that they had "suffered damage to their standing In the community" as well as to their credit rating. 

The Star is 
FANTASTIC 

1 WOULD like to congratulate you on your fantastic new paper, (he National Star. I 've bought every issue. Please keep up the good work. Thank you. 

K.Hh Upp»rt, 

Owtso. H.Y. 

GLAD TO HAVE 
YOU WITH US 

HUMAN SKIN 
IS 'FARMED' 
SCIENTISTS at Children's 
Hospital in Akron, Ohio, have discovered how to grow human skin In a glass dish. 

The discovery may save tho 

 lives'of scvefo burrt Victim!. 

THFvNATK>mSTAnAPflir.W.lWI PAGE 3 

 inn 

111 

Hague/, as you've never 
< 

 seen her before 

RAQUEL WELCH Is tired of being Hollywood's Love 
Goddess. And she's fed up with the jibes that her greatest assets show only when she breathes deep. 

At the age of 33, she wants 

 the chance to show all her talents. 

"I want to play the flip side 

 of my life," she told the Star 

By COLIN DANGAARD 

 this week." I refuse any more to be limited. 

"I'.m not some 6-foot tall 

 broad with great bosoms — 
I'm a performer, and enter- tainer and really quite delicate." 

Raquel got. a chance to 

 prove herself ill a recent TV special, Really, Itaque!. She 

 danced, told jokes—anci deft- ly poked fun at her Hollywood beauty queen image. 

"I wanted people to laugh 

 along with me, to see the lighter side of a sex symbol," she said. 

The change has given Ra- 

 quel a chance to pause and look back on her fabulous 

Damon and Tahnee . . . "my children have given me strength and stabimy." 
Picture by Tarry Q-N.B 

 success. She said: "In a way, 
I am the American Coke bottle. 

"I've become a symbol of 

 pop art, the perennial 
Hollywood sex symbol with glossy lips, flaring nostrils and sultry look. 

"In the beginning, it:was 

 hard work, carrying that im- age' "Many times I looked in the 
"" mirror and asked myself: are 

 you good enough for all those men and women waiting out there? 

"Sometimes my doubts 

 were so great that I wouldn't come outof thedresslng room. 
I'd just sit ther&and cry. 
"I've suffered like all the other Hollywood sex symbols have suffered, and felt the temptation to loose my grip, to fall apart, 16 sink into depression. 

"There have been lots ol 

 times, in fact, when I've con- sidered some pretty selJ- dcslructlve tilings." 

Interested 

She has struggled to rid 

 herself of her pin up image: "I want to sing and dance. I want to be serious and dramatic. I wouldn't even mind playing a hooker, providing it was a good, interesting hooker. i 

"Nor would I mind aging 

 myself, or looking beat up, as | long as it was a strong part, i 

"The troublo is, nobody 

 thinks I'm interested." 

Paquel compared herself to 

Marilyn Monroe, and conclud- ed that having two children has prevented her from becoming self-destructive. 

The former San Diego 

 housewife has a son Damon, 
14, and a daughter, Tahnee, 12 
— both from her first marriage at age 19. 

"My children have given me 

 strength and stability ," she said. 

"Marilyn was always alone 

 and, from what I understand, she was afraid to have children. She started acting up to an linage, but the image became her whole life. 

Different 

"I act only when I'm being 

 paid for it — that's one big difference between us. 

"Another is that Marilyn 

 was never sure who she was. I know who I am. Thai's why 
I'm now going In a ditterenl direction. " 

And the new man who's 

 helping her along the way is quiet, hearded Uon Talsky, a 
Hollywood wardrobe man. 

"Raquel fs much, much 

 more than a beautiful, wonder- ful woman," ho snld "She is enormously talented, but peo- ple have never seen what else she has to offer." 

The sky's the limit for 
* 
» 
• • 
AIRLINE companies are try- 
Ing to keep their stewardesses happy ... by letting Ilicm go to college. 

Nearly all the big airlines 

 are r e a r r a n g i n g s t a f f 

 schedules for girls who want to go lo Now York's Fordham 
University during Ihe week. 

There they can graduate In 

 law or business ad- 

 ministration. 

It's all parl of a new deal for 

 air _ stewardesses wlio are getting tho chance lo tnkc on ex- ecutive posts, 
"At last airlines nre beginn- 

 ing to realize stewardesses aren't just pretty faces,' said former stewardess Sandra 
Stang, now an American 
Airlines executive. "Civil aviation has become a serious, worthwhile career." 

THE STAR IS 

EXCITING 

MOST newspaper! are blah and uninteresting and mainly dedicated to tho older generation. I think It's hist plain wonderful that finally there's » papor that* ex- citing and Interesting to all. 

Judy Anlltlorml 

KlnDt PltX, L .1., N,Y. 

GLAD TO HAVE 
YOU WITH US 

CALL FOR CURB ON MOVIE 

FILM makers have been asked to cut out movie stunts which arc cruel to animals. 

The president of the Mo- 

 tion Pictures Association, 
Jack Valcntl, lias sent a memo to all major sludlos asking them to cooperate with the American 
Humane Association which 

CRUELTY 
Is campaigning against animal abuse In tho in- dustry. 
. Tho association wonts to ban the tripping of horses, staged fights between animals and the slaughter of tamo and wild animate 

 in tho new wave of "blood sports" films. 

It has attacked films Ilka 

Pnt Garrett and Billy tho 
Kid ,ln which horses wero tripped and chickens were shot, Jeremiah Johnson In which buffalo, elk and a grizzly bear were killed and 
Arruza, which showed bulls being -tortured .• 

PACE! THE SATIQNALSTAH APniLJO. an 
WATCH FOR RIGBY EVERY WEEK. . . THE WORLD'S GREATEST CARTOONIST 

"Why revive the Twenties? What's wrong with the Fifties, the Sixties? ..." 

THE QUESTION of fraud in the preparation of President Nixon's tax returns is set to explode at a hearing in an obscure Califor- nia court. 

The man who could destroy the President 

 is Frank DeMarco Jr., the Los Angeles tax lawyer who was the partner of Herbert W. 
Kalmbach, once Nixon's personal lawyer. 

And, the question troubling most 

Congressmen is: "Why does President Nix- on refuse to release DeMarco. from the attorney-client relationship?" 
. 

Until President Nixon does this — as re- 

 quested by DeMarco — the lawyer is not free to tell the whole story. 

Kalmbach has already "bolted". 

Watergate prosecutors 

 have allowed Kalmbach, to plead guilty to lesser charges in return for his cooperation. 

It was Kalmbach who 

 dropped the bombshell allega- tion that the President's brothers, Donald and Edward, and his personal secretary, 
Rose Mary Woods, split up the secret 11oo,ooo donation to the 
President by billionaire 
Howard Hughes. 

Now, Kalmbach'a parlncr, 

DeMarco. Is the man in the 

THE STRANGE CASE 
OF THE MAN WHO 
COULD BLOW 
UP NIXON 

By RICHARD I'ESTRANGE 

 gun on the question of 
Presidential tax fraud. 

The Internal Revenue Ser- 

 vice has said "there's no warrant for the assertion of the civil fraud penally against this taxpayer." 

But the joint Congressional 

 committee which also In- vestigated Nixon's tax returns for 19G9-72 turned the question of fraud over to the House 
Judiciary committee on Im- peachment. 

The committee staff has 

 confirmed that Is is In- vestigating whether fraud may have been Involved in 
President Nixon's handling of his income taxes. 

On June 17, an examiner of 

 the Office of Administrative 
Hearings in Sacramento will take evidence from DeMarco. 

The examiner will report to 

California Secrelary of State, 
Edmund G. Brown Jr., who will decide whether DeMarco should be struck off as a 
Notary Public. 

Brown has formally accused 

DeMarco of misusing his authority as a Notary Public by backdating the crucial deed involved'in the now disallowed 
$576,ooo tax deduction for Nix- on's Vice Presidential papers. 

President Nixontnd DeMar- 

 co. who have since fallen out, say no fraud is Involved {n the backdating because the deed 

'If there was no deed, then there was fraud' 

 signed on April 1o 197o and backdated to March 27 1969 merely replaced an original deed that was destroyed because it was untidy and un- professional. 

But, an Inquiry by the 

National Star shows that 
DeMarco came up with the story of the "destroyed deed" after he had lold a much different story under oath on 
January 3o this year. 

And, despite what DeMarco 

 has said, Secrelary of Slate 
Brown and aides to the 
Congressional committee which Investigated the 
President's taxes and found him owing $176,ooo, do not believe there ever was an original deed. 

 if there was no original deed 

— DeMarco says it was signed on April 21, 1969 - then the 
President has not told the truth and neither has DeMar- co. 

If there was no deed, then 

.there.has been n fraud. 

The House Judiciary Com- 

 mittee* on Impeachment will have lo decide that question in 

 respect of President Nixon. 

DeMarco's sworn testimony 

 on the point Is confusing, to say the least 

He was examined under oath 

 in Los Angeles by Daniel 
Lowenstein, then special counsel to the California 
Secretary of State and now 
Deputy Secretary of State, on 
January 3o,1974, and appeared to remember very little about the original deed. 

However, by March 16,1974, 

DeMarco, had absolutely no doubts at all about what had happened to it. 

He flatly slated, to the New 

York Dolly News, that the original deed had been destroyed, adding: "It doesn't exist. 

"Thai was the whole pur- 

 pose of re-typing and resigning the deed." 

Then DeMarco said In sworn 

 evidence before the 

Congressional tax committee, and IRS Investigators, that the deed had been destroyed. 

But his evidence also made 

It clear that none of this oc- curred until he had learned that Congress was about to rule out deductions such as the 
Nixon Vice Presidential papers. 

In other words, Frank 

DeMarco, on his own 

 testimony, destroyed what would have been a valid deed just because It was untidy and on paper which did not match. 

Now, he and President Nix- 

 on are at odds. President Nix- on has attempted to blame 
DeMarco for incompetence which has lost Mm the $465,- 
ooo lie has agreed to pay the 
IRS. 

DeMarco has conic out 

 fighting — describing the 
Presidential accusation as 
"ridiculous.1 ' 

He and his partners have 

 retaliated by charging that they relied completely on 
White House information in preparing the cosily returns. 
The California Secretary of 

State has requested President 
Nixon to waive Ihe attorney- client privilege between him and DeMarco. This would give 
DeMarco complete freedom to talk on June 17 and to the IRS 

 investigators said to be in- vestigating him. 

President Nixon waived the 

 attorney-client relationship for only one day of their dealings — April 1o,197o when 
President Nixon signed every page of his 1969 return nt the 
White House — when DeMarco gave evidence to the 
Congressional Tax commltteo and the IRS invesligators, 

The While House has also 

 been asked to supply the 
"contents of tapes and other recordings" touching on the dating of the deed. There has been no response. 

DeMarco has acknowledged 

 being questioned by IRS In- vestigators who warned him of his rights beforehand. 

Memory 

He has made It clear he Is 

 not going to be a scapegoat. 
Now ha faces what he regards as a crucial examination on 
June 17. 

The most crucial question of all Is: 

When, between January 3o 

 and March 18 1974, did he dis- cover, the original deed had been destroyed? 

If DeMarco refreshes his 

 memory on the very exislencc of .the deed, the stage will be set for another bombshell. 

Tor If that deed did not ex- 

 ist, whose Ide.-i was it to say It had been destroyed? 

What evidence Is there that 

 the deed ever existed? 

If there was no original deed 

 then Ihe second deed was and 
Is a fraud and the question then is: Who Is responsible? 

The IRS has said President 

Nixon Is not gullly but the 
Joint Commlllce en Internal 
Revenue Taxation pointedly declined lo say any thing on tho question and has passed the buck lo the House Judiciary 
Committee. 

1'The 
1 worst- 1 

'thing,was 
1 

 tailing this 
: 1 

 wild kid who : 
•loves'life-what j had happened'\ 
>to Him, Th$n' 
51 

I tried to '- i 
-explain that; -r{ life can be , ,j j worth Jiving I even only 

 i with lone leg' ~. 

MY SON'S AGONY, 
BY TEDDY KENNEDY 

SENATOR Edward Kennedy (old this week of the heartbreak and agony at hearing his son-Teddy crying over the loss of his leg. 

It was the first time that 

Kennedy had bared the intimate anguish of seeing this wild, but brave young boy, deprived of what he loved most — being a normal kid. 

"Sometimes I hear him 

 crying," Senator Kennedy said. 
"We try to make out as though 

An exclusive Star report 

 we have not noticed his sadness, but it tears the heart out of me. 

"Now the days are getting 

 longer he often sits at the window watching the children outside and he cannot play with them because he is loo exhausted."The 
Senator gave a rare glimpse of the first anguished moments when it was learned that the 12J year-old Teddy would lose his leg. 

"The worst thing was explain- 

 ing to him what had happened," the Senator said. 
"I stood at his bedside 

 thinking, damn! Why should it be him, why not me? 

"I tried to tell him that life can 

 be worth living even only with one leg. 
"I felt terribly helpless, we 

 were both crying and then Teddy said: 'It's .alright daddy, we'll make it," 

Then the Senator revealed just 

GLORIA plants a big kiss on the lace of the airplane's astonished co-pilot. 

IT WAS the most glorious lake off the pilot had ever seen. And it certainly gave the passengers a lilt. 

Their gianl Nnlional DC-1o 

 had been stuck on the runway fur four hours when an altrac- live brunette, named Gloria, decided she'd singe her own take-otf. 

She unbuttoned her blouse, 

 slipped out of her slacks and paraded slark naked around the first-class cabin. 

Flying National was never 

 tike (his! 

Aetonlahed 

Then she flew up atid down 

 the economy section to the applause of the 143 bored passengers who had been delayed at Mlnml alrnort. 

Flying National was never 

 like that! 

Finally, Gloria streaked up 

 the spiral staircase and landed up on the flight deck — planting a ulg kiss on the face of Iho aircraft's astonished co- pilot. 

Out that's where her flight 

 path come !o UN.end. 

She was escorted olf MIC Los 

Fly me/ I'm 
Gloria the glorious! 

Angeles bound plane by an armed woman sccurilyfiuard. 

Photographer Lynn Gold- 

 smith, from New York, who saw the skylark and look ttm pictures for the Star, said 
Inter: "No one was offended by Gloria's boliavior. 

"Most of Ihc passengers 

 were getting fed "P wlll> ln<! delay and the cabin crew were serving us free liquor. 
"She must have Iclt thai the 

 service left something to be desired, so she started to strip." 

But Gloria was allowed back 

 on board the plane — fully clothed — after passen- gers protested. 

Streaking 

Lynn said: "We told 

National thnt we dliin'l want to leave until she was back." 

A spokesman for the alrllno 

 said: "We had no reason to believe oilier than she wanted to he part ct the streaking 
(ml." 

So the National plane look 

 o f f . . . flying Gloria. 

GLORIA i*tt a drustoi down after her strok into the pilot's c«bln on tht d*lay*d 
National tkpbnt. 

 how bravely his son had taken the setback. 
"Teddy is already skiing again 

 and thank God, he has a sense of humor. 
"When he heard recently that 

 his aunt Ethel had lost her way while skiing, he wrote her: 'If you had been skiing with me, it would not have happened. 

"You would not have overlook- 

 ed the funny track that I leave in the snow." 

The Senator said that now his 

 son's special wishes are to travel with him. 

"I'm going to take him to 

Moscow with me," he said. 

Despite the fierce physical 

 drawback of losing his teg, the young Kennedy still has all the usual childhood ambitions. 

Depending on when you ask 

 him, Teddy has ambitions of be- ing a train driver, a pilot, a rac- ing driver — and a Secretary of 
State. 

The no-holds-barred interview 

 given to reporter, Ingrid 
Gallmeister, even touch on the super-sensitive subject of his relations with his wife, Joan. 

Embraced 

"There is no divorce," the 

Senator said emphatically. 
"If it is reported that my wife spends weeks in Europe amusing herself without me and is photographed with handsome 
Italians, certain people get ex- cited, but not me. 
"Joan knows that I only have to say 'hello' to a pretty blonde and that's enough for me to be accus- ed of deceiving my wife. 

"You will see we are all going 

 to Moscow in perfect harmony." 

Then the Senator embraced the 

 question being asked by all the world: Will he run for the 
Presidency of the United States? 

"I have not made my decision 

 yet," he said, "I'm turning It over in my head day and night. I will make a final decision in summer 1975." 

Did his family want him to run 

 for the presidency? 

"My God no. After what 

 happened to my brothers they are very frightened." 

Was he, too, frightened? 
"Yes, i(. I am honest," he ad- 

 mitted, "but If I became too pre- occupied with It, I could no longer function. I would be mad on the other hand to ignore the danger." 

Serlouely 

Inevitably the subject turned to 

Watergate and his opinion on whether President Nixon's role has weakened Europe's con- fidence In him. 

"The fundamental relations do 

 not depend on Nixon'" said the 
Senator. 

Should the President be forced 

 from office? 

"I have not read the documents 

 and do not know what Nixon has really done," he said. "But I think it will probably come to trial. Don't forget that Nixon Is a good politician, ho has sense and feeling for politics and takes his job very seriously.". 
. 

PAGE 6 TIIENATtWIAI.STAnAfniLH.19ri 
Flying puts the VIPs into a spin 

By DUDLEY FREEMAN 

THEY call themselves Cowards 

Anonymous — the VIPs who are just plain terrified of planes. 

And their names read (ike a Who's 

Who of show business, politics a'nd sports. 

They include movie stars Doris Day 

 and Joanne Woodward, comedians 
Jackie Gleason and Don Adams, folk singer Joan Baez, opera starGuiseppe di 
Stefano, violinists Yehudi Menuhin and 
Nathan Milstein, daredevil motorcyclist 
Evel Knievcl and Governors Ronald 
Reagan and George Wallace. 

The common bond that linXs them all 

 is a morbid fear of flying. 

Governor Reagan told the Star this 

 week: "I can't tell you how terrified I am in the air. I get the feeling when I'm fly- ing that I'm Keeping the piano airborne by sheer personal will power. 

Locked 

"I'm always scared and I guess I'll 

 never change." 

Italian tenor Guiseppe di Stefano has 

 one of the worst cases of flight fear OR record. 

He and his wife locked themselves in 

 their New York hotel room for three days while airline officials pleaded with them to come out to catch a plane to Italy. 

Eventually di Stefano was coaxed 

 aboard a plane. But when it landed at 
Boston, he and his wife dashed into a rented car, drove back to New York and caught the next boat back to Genoa. 

Alabama's Governor Wallace flew 

 with a B-29 bomber in World War II, but he still gots the jitters when he's jetting along the campaign trail. 

Once he snapped at a journalist who 

 was trying to conduct an airborne interview: "Don't bug me sonny, I'm trying to coax this plane through the storm." 

Actress Joanne Woodward 

 claimed that flying was un- natural. "It makes ma feel like a terror-stricken package instead of a human being." 

Jackie Gleason quipped: 

"The best way to lly is to go by train." 

RONALD REAGAN 
"I'm always scared" 

DORIS DAY... another 

"scarad" star 

YEHUDI MENUHIN...planes 

 nil a sour chord 

JOAN BAEZ ... "give 

 me four wheels" 

TONY CURTIS... went 

 to a psychiatrist 

Anxloue 

When singer Joan Baez 

 met Andre Previfl and Mia 
Farrow on a train from New 
York to Washington they had a drink to celebrate their membership of Cowards 
Anonymous. 

The singer said: "A few 

 people actually enjoy flying, the majority are apprehen- sive, and the rest of us are pulverized with terror. Give me four wheels any time." 

Actor Tony Curtis cured 

 his fears by going to a psy- chiatrist "The only way to approach the problem," he said, "is to believe that the pHot is Just as anxious (o stay alive as you lit." 

WAR 
DODCf/fS: 

IS IT TIME 
TO FORGIVE? 

THE TRAGEDY of Vietnam has spawned .a new lost generation of Americans .. men who went into exile rather than fight a war they believed immoral. 

Between 15,ooo and 2o,ooo are believed to be living in Canada, most of them in the 

Toronto area, although some estimates put the figure as high as 35,ooo. 

They evaded the draft or deserted to escape the U.S. military machine. Some have found success 

 in their new home — others have still not adjusted to life in a foreign country. All have a common • aim: the freedom to return home, to visit their families or resume lives torn apart many years ago. 

It Is an explosive and 

 emotional Issue in U.S. politics. 

The Administration is ada- 

 mant that there can be no amnesty for deserters. 

President Nixon has said: 

"Amnesty means forgiveness. 
We cannot provide forgiveness 

CASE OF THE 

STUDENT 

CASE OF THE 

TEACHER 

 for tkem. Those who deserted must pay their price. 

"The price Is a criminal 

 penalty for disobeying the laws of the United States." 

Shunned 

Last month, a House sub- 

 committee took testimony 

 from 53 witnesses on the issue. 
It reflected the deep national dilemma over amnesty. 

Fred E. Darling of the Non- 

Commissioned Officers 
Association said of the draft- dodgers and deserters: "To let them return to the country they have shunned would be a slap In the face to the millions of men who were drafted, wounded, maimed or killed in a bloody, unpopular war1'. 

But others, such as former 

Army Secretary Robert 
Froehlke and Senator Kobert 
Taft Jr., favor a conditional amnesty, limited to draft evaders. 

This would include a period 

 of service In non-military organizations, like hospitals, the Peace Corps or on Indian reservations. 

Dr. Saul Levlnc, an 

 associate professor ot psy- chiatry at Toronto University, urges unconditional amnesty. 

But what ol the exiles 

 themselves? Here are four case histories: 

THE 
DAY 

Alfred Clemens went for his army physical he decided he had to get out. 

He was newly 

 married and still studying to be an 
English teacher in Claremont 
Calif. 

He found the 

 idea of the draft repugnant. And he was even more disturbed 
. by Vietnam. 

His mother, 

 who came to the 
U.S. from 

Holland, urged him to leave. 

So Clemens 

 and his new bride fled to 
Canada. That was in 1969. 

He found work 

 at a dairy fac- tory, but now he wants to return home. He said: 
"I'm not begging, for amnesty. But 
1 want it. sure". 

CASE OF THE 
LIEUTENANT 

THE violence of the 
1968 

Democratic con- vention was the turning point for former MP, Se- cond Lieutenant 
Jack Colhoun.. 

Vlqtnam had 

 already forced a sharp re-think of his political values. 

He tried to get 

 a medical 

 transfer from the MPs to avoid 
^letnam ser- 

 vice, but 

Chicago '63 led 

 to more drastic action. 

Colhoun, 29, 

 from upstate 
New York is do- ing a Ph.D. in history at Toron- to's 
York 

University 

But he still 

 wants to come home. 

"I'm 1oo per- 

 cent cut off from my roots." he said. "My family has been in 
America since the Mayflower." 

YOUNG JOHN 
PHILLIPS is a happy exile. 

He teaches 

 photography at 
Canada's 
York 

University. 

He and his 

 wife, Laura, went to Canada from 
Algona, 

Iowa, after he was refused 

 deferment. 

He had 

Quaker convic- tions, but he 

 said: "Since I hadn't been bom a Quaker they would n't give me the deferment". 

Phillips, 28, 

 doesn't want to return to the 
U.S. 

He said: "I'd 

 like to be able to visit my mother. 

"But even if there . were amnesty, 
I 

 couldn't Just drop my career and go back." 

CA'SE OF 
MR.AVERAGE 

HAL FRANCES married his 

 sweetheart and wanted only to settle down in 
Springfield, Mass. 

But then came 

Vietnam, and 
Hal was drafted. 

He found he 

 could not work w i t h i n Army rules, and 

 applied for a dis- charge claiming his wile's 

 health had suf- fered since they parted. 

He was turned 

 down. Then In 
1%9, before his unit was due to sail for Vietnam, 
Hal and his wife drove into 

Canada. 

Now he works 

 as a computer programmer but wants to return home. 

Hal said: "I 

 think the govern- ment Is using the e x i l e s as 

 scapegoats to divert attention from their own troubles". 

What's your job really worth? 

IS IT better to be a ditchdigger than a doctor if you want to enjoy life while you're still young? 

According to the Department of Labor's latest Oc- 

 cupational Outlook Handbook, a man starting at 18 as an unskilled construction worker will have earned up to 
$12o,ooo by the time a doctor starts making ends meet. 

Statistics also show that tomorrow's blue collar 

 workers can afford to be married, have children, own their, own home and be generally well off before' the professional starts earning a decent living. 

Government 

For eftample, a bulldozer operator will be making $19,- 

ooo a year, by the time a lawyer inches up to $14,ooo. 

But, by 1985 there wilt be a swing from blue to white 

 collar occupations .. with more than half of the nation's labor force Jn 1985 .. switching. 

The book also offers advice to parents. 
If your son wants to be a railroad man, tell him to 

 forget it. Since 196o, working on the railroad Is nothing to sing about. - 
• 

Job hunters would do better to Inquire about govern- 

 ment jobs, for that's where the employment action Is and wilt remain. 

.PROFESSION 

ACCOUNTANT 

BANK CLERK 

CARPENTER 

DENTIST 

DOCTOR 

ELECTRICIAN 
FBI SPECIAL AGENT 

6ARAGE(AUTO)MECHANIC 

HAIRDRESSER 

INTERIOR DECORATOR 

STENOGRAPHERS 

TRUCK DRIVER 

UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR 

'YEARS OF 
EARNINGS ONCE 
. LIFETIME 
' 

TRAINING : 
ESTABLISHED 
EARNINGS '.' 

1o 

* 
4 
7 

9-1o 

4 
6 
4 
2 
2-5 
1o 

* 
* 

12 PLUS 

$18,ooo 
$7,8oo 
$16,ooo 

$2o,ooo 
$17,ooo 
$17,ooo 
$13,ooo 
$15,ooo 
$1o-12,ooo 
$15,ooo 
$18,ooo 
$7,8oo 
$15,5oo 

$19,ooo 

$1,ooo.ooo 
$35o,ooo 

$675,ooo 
$1,375,ooo 
$1,8oo,ooo 
$7oo,ooo 
$65o,ooo 
$65o,ooo 
$575,ooo 
$56o,ooo 
$1,2oo,ooo 
$4oo,ooo 
$65o,ooo 

$8oo,ooo-$1M 

No special post-school training required 

Older men are better fathers 

MEN who become fathers for the first time after age 33 make better fathers than younger men. 

That's the opinion .of 

 sociologist Corrine Nydegger of the University of California at 
Berkeley. 

She studied 1oo fathers 

 before reaching her conclusion. 

"Older fathers are less 

 emotional about their children, but more involved with therpj" she said, 

"They talk to their children 

 more than they rough house with them and the youngsters value this highly. They are more secure and think of fatherhood as something special." 

She made the study of fathers 

 because "the emphasis in past research has always been on mothers and I realized how little 
WO really know about lathers." 

Detached 

"Late fathers seem more 

 mature than their younger counterparts. They consider the child an extension of themselves and are much more objective and loss emotional. 

"They're calmer, more detach- 

 ed but spend more time with their children than younger men. 

"They ara more secure and do 

 rot impose their will on 

 youngsters as often as younger parents tend to." 

Sociologist Nydegger believes 

 her research has disproved some popular myths about fatherhood. 

"There are some real 

 problems for the very young or too old fathers but they do not seem to apply to late fathers in general," 

AUTO POLICIES 
BUMPY GOING 
Till! standard auto Insurance policy Is tougher to rend and understand than [Hinstcin's 
Theory of Kclallvity, ac- cording to Pennsylvania In- surance 
Commissioner 

Herbert S. Dcncnburg. 

He added th.it millions o! 

 dollars could foe saved by con- sumers each year if policies were more readable. 

TMK \ATin\M.iTtlt i r.w |..c»l'A(H-: 

THE EXORCIST PRHST 
IS BEWITCHED BY LOVE 

!&£•, 

EX-CON AIMS 
IOR THE TOP 

JOHN Scott Ulm is a determined irian. Ten years BRO, while serving a prison sentence for writing bad checks lie 
^__^_______._. determinedtorebuiUl hislife. 

The Star is 

 for EVERYONE 

IT IS a pleasure to read the 
National Star. It has very good information in it. 

MY husband and I are In 

 business and wo sell a lot of papers and magazines of atl kinds. We don't sell some of tho other papers to children but wo will let them buy the 
National Star. 

Keep up tho good work. 

Mrr Wm. Nanniy 
Flunnomodo, N.J. 

GLAD TO HAVE 
YOU WITH US 

He did — and now lie's a 

 slate senator in Amona, one of the youngest elected of- ficials in Ibe nation. 

Ulm, 31. told all wlicn he ran 

 for the stale senate in 1972 — arid lie look 7o percent of the voles. 

Now he aims to become 

Governor. 

"With Ihc difficulties I liavc 

 overcome, llie sky is the limit." lie said. 

"Someday I will be Clover 

 nor of Iliis state." 

Tom Mix Movie 
TOM Mix, llie innvieliind hero of llie Wc-sl when John Wayne was still playing college foot- ball. Is to be imtnorlali/.cu 
1 III a 

 now movie. 

JASON M i l l e r , who became an overnight star in Tile Exorcist, is in love with, a beautiful, 24-year- old actress. And she's in love with lihn. 

Tito woman in Miller's life Is 

 curvaceous Sue Bernard. They are pictured above at a 
Hollywood rcslaurant looking very happy. 

The only snag In their 

 romance is that Miller is still married. He is separated from 
Ills wife, Linda, who shared poverty and hardship with him during the early years of their marilage. They have Ihrec children. 

Tasteless 

Miller's close f r i e n d , 

 publicist Jay Bernstein, told the Star Mils week: 

"Jason is in Ihc process of 

 getting a divorce. Because llie divorce Isn'l final yet, he feels 
It would be tasteless lo discuss bis romance witli Sue. Hut be has given me permission to do so."I've been with them many limes. They lire very much In love. 

Miller's fair maid 

 is a sweet Sue 

"They tell me they haven't 

 discussed marriage yet. fl's loo early. 

Linda Is living in New 

Jersey with the children, while 
Jason has teen slaying in 
Hollywood for the most part. 

A serious, thoughtful mnn, 

Miller is one ot the most un- usual p e r s o n a l i t i e s in 
Hollywood today. 

He is a brilliant writer who 

 became an actor by accident. 

The Exorcist was his first 

 riding assignment, lie won an 
Oscar nomination for il. 

Hut when he and Linda were 

 married, the future was anything bu! bright. Miller was a struggling writer and actor on Broadway and they didn't haven ccnl. 

Linda's father, Jackie 

Gleason. was enraged over the marriage. He thought that 
Miller would never amount lo 

 anything. For years, he refus- ed to speak lo them. 

Jason remembers those 

 years: "I spent more time on the unemployment line than I did at work." 

Three babies came In a row. 

Talented 

Tilings got so bad that Linda 

 had to stand on o street corner selling souvenir matches to make ends meet. 

But the young couple stuck It 

 out. They performed excerpts from Romeo and Juliet for school assemblies. 

And they were bound 

 together in their conviction thai Jason would show the world some day that he svas a very talented wriler. 

Wben Miller's luck changed, 

It changed with n vengeance. 
He wrote o play called That 

Championship Season, which became a Broadway smash and won o Pulilizcr Prize. 

Then he received a call 

 from Billy Frlcdkin. a young director who was beginning to film The Exorcist. Friedkin wanted Miller to play the part of a priest In the movie. 

"He knew I had attended 

Jesuit schools," said Miller. 
"He thought I would have an 
Intuitive feeling for the role of ihc priest. The studio wanted, a big name actor, but Billy held out for me. He really took a terrific chance." 

Working on the movie for 

 the better part of a year kept 
Miller absorbed. He and Linda were apart most of (he time. 

The film proved to be too 

 much of a strain on their relationship. 

Then Sue Bernard came 

 into Miller's life. 

A beautiful girl with long, 

 flowing reddish-brown hair and a figure that earned her the lead in the film. The Kill- 
Ing Kind, in which she plays a young scxpot, she Is a highly 
Intelligent and scnsilivc per- son. 

PAGES THENATIONAtSTARA5TOLW. 1971 

THE SERIES 
EVERYONE IS 
TALKING ABOUTI BELIEVE JACKIE 

AS OUR youngest and most elegant and beautiful First Lady ever, 
Jacqueline Kennedy conquered the world back in the Sixties. But first she pulled off one of her greatest coups. She conquered Gaul. 

Everybody knows the story of how Jackie traveled with President 

Kennedy on his official yist to France, how proud he was of her, and how she garnered so much publicity on her own that JFK identified himself as "the man who came to Paris with Jacqueline Kennedy," 

It was on this trip to Europe that Jackie captivated one of the most difficult ereat en of .our lime: that for- 
' 
Continuing the intimate exclusive portrait of the world's most fascinating . woman by LIZ SMITH 

 men 

 savior of France, 
President Charles de 
Gaulle. 

"Le Grand Charles," usual- 

 ly reserved, Icily cold, terribly proper, was simply enchanted with the young wife of 
America's vigorous President. 

De Gaulle literally could 

 hardly take his eyes off 
Jackie. He would bend low and attentively to her whispered 
French, 

Born Jacqueline tee 

Bouvier and proud of it,the 
Francophile First Lady was in her true element at long last. 

One close friend told me 

 only last week: "In school at 
Farminglon, Jackie was ex- tremely shy, bright, and just a little off-putting because she was so serious. 

"When she first married 

Jack, I think she was mis- erable. He was what she wanted — really bright and dynamic, and all the things she'd been brought up to believe a man should be. 

Shock 

"Eut at Ilrst she wasn't ac- 

 customed to handling herself in such a flshbowl life. 

"In Jack's early political days she was even considered a liability by his campaign people who used to try to hus- tle her out of sight. 

"They actually thanked 

 their stars when Jackie got pregnant and couldn't cam- paign with him. 

"The first days in the White 

House she was still in shock — unsettled and insecure. But everything changed after the trip abroad. 

"Then, Jackie became 

'Madame President1 and a person In her own right. She was no longer overshadowed by Jack. 

"First 
France, then 

Kurope, then the-world fell at her feet. She got very self- confident, and began to ex- press her involvement in the arts, which Jack knew nothing about. 

Demure 

"All this made her feel 

 useful and terrific, and she became a sort of honest-to-god 
Queen. 

"Yes, Jackie has known 

 ever since men like de Gaulle started eating out of her hand just exactly who she was and 
Is." 

Jackie was doing then 

 exactly what she sllfl does best — she was zeroing In on a very Important man, giving him the full mega-power of her dark brown eyes and breathless voice, flirting to her hearts content In the demure French manner with someone romantically harmless and old enough to be her father. 

After (he Kennedys were 

 safely back in the-White 
House, Jackie's longtime ad- mirer, French Minister of 
Culture Andre Malraux (who- dedicated his Anti-memoirs to 
Jackie} had occasion to dis- cuss Mrs. Kennedy with Presi- dent de Gaulle. 

The General asked Malraux 

 what he thought of Jackie. 

"She is unique for the wife 

 of an American President, sir!" answered Malraux in a deferential half-remark, half question of his own. 

"Yes, she's unique," said 

 the old general, putting his head back and studying the or- nate ceiling of the Elysee 
Palace through,- narrowed eyes. 

He paused, and then mused: 

"I can see her In about ten years from now on the yacht of a Greek petrol millionaire." 

This anecdote Is stunning In 

 its unwitting prophetic genius. 
Ten years later, President 
Kennedy was dead, General de 
Gaulle was dead, and Jackie was indeed aboard the yacht of a Greek petrol millionaire — as his wife. 

Escape 

Why? Why? Why? People 

 have been asking ever since 
1968: WHY did Jacqueline 
Kennedy marry Aristotle 
Onassis? 

Is it a marriage of con- 

 venience, an escape hatch, a union where princess exchang- ed her youth, beauty, and celebrity for the frog's money and power? Or could It 
•possibly be for real? 

Do Jackie and Arl love each 

 other? Or did they sign a pragmatic pre-marital agree- ment and contract where he promised her things like separate bedrooms and guaranteed independence and a rumored $1o,ooo,ooo in return for (he sheer Oncupsmanship of calling her his own? 

Of course there was the 

 attraction of all that money. 

Of course the powerful In- 

 dependent Onassis life style afforded Jackie an escape. 

Of course there was Onassis 

 himself, a fascinating man with a ruthless self-made legend and almost dictatorial powers. 

It Is true, too, that Jackie 

 was terribly lonely and at loose ends after she ilis- 

Th'e wedding that shocked America ... Jackie and Ari 

Friend Gilpatrlc ... letters hurt Ari 

 covered that she couldn't real- ly "live in the places 1 have lived with Jack,"as planned In the brave first days of her widowhood. 

She was worried that her 

 children were fatherless, and later lhat John, Jr., was grow- ing up loo much in the com- pany of females without enough mate identity figures, 

Sympathy 

Worse than all this, she felt 

 useless. "My life Is over — finished," she moaned In the days when she first moved away from Washington's pain- ful proximity to Arlington cemetery, and from the vulgar intrusion of Georgetown's sightseeing bus gnwkers into the relative anonymity of New 
York Citv. 

"I'm n freak now. I'll 

 always be a freak," she said, 
In despair. 

And- then Jackie became 

 twice grieved, twice wounded, and twice shattered. 

The second Kennedy she lov- 

 ed was also b r u t a l l y assassinated. So of course a disillusioned Jackie naturally gravitated toward the warmth 

 and power and sympathy of 
Aristotle Onassis, who was already her ardent suitor at the lime of Bob Kennedy's death. 

She was also influenced 

 towards the Golden Greek because another man she had loved, passible even better than both the Kennedys, was also dead. 

That man had long been dust 

 under an Initialed murker In a 
Long Island graveyard where 
Jackie's small bouquets still regularly mark her 

 remembrance of "Black 
Jack" Bouvier, the falher she can never forgot or escape. 

Yet still the world streamed 

 to know WHY? Why had she done it? 

International reaction was 

 violently negative, to the point that humorist Art Buchwald noted that Jackie didn't realize she was the properly of the American ]x?oplc and had no right to become a husband of her own. 

Buchwald sold tongue-ln- 

 chcek it would have been the 
American way for her to have let everyone vote on who her next husband should be. 
It's easy now to forget the 

 despair and shock of the pre- 

Bobby Kennedy 

Against th« match 

They tried to talk her out of marriage to Art 

Robert McNsmara 

Bilter rejoinder 

Onassis days. Jackie was traumatized, and so was the nation. 

Only Bobby Kennedy kept 

 the widow going after JFK was killed. He kept reminding her of the children. He urged friends to get her involved In interesting activities because she didn't have enough to keep her busy. 

He worried about her. He 

 told reporter Pete Hamill thai, after what she had been through, "she deserves a free ride for the rest of her life." 

He would telephone her 

 every morning, berate her for lounging around moping, urge her to get up and out and make her life work again. 

Bobby was also a physical 

 presence, rushing between 
Washington and New York to 
Bee her. This held him up for a tot of gossip and speculation.- 

The jaded habitues of El 

Morocco and the Smart Set talked openly that he had become her lover, though no one who really knew him (not even his worst enemies) believed him capable of that 
Iowa moralily. 

Bobby had always liked 

Jackie, and during Ihe dreary early political d.iys he had been the one to offer comfort in her weary boredom with 
Jack's demanding career. 

Woundad 

Campaign w o r k e r s 

 remember seeing Bobby put his arm around Jackie and press her head (o his shoulder when she wanted to escape the smoke-filled rooms and political caucuses. 

To him she was like another 

 suffering child or member of a wounded minority. So his open affection for her was nothing new or unusu?). 

She had never been close to 

Teddy, and Ihe many JFK aides and loyalist who tried to be there for her jusl were not enough. 

It was Bobby who was 

Jackie's rock. She said at the time she would "jump out the window" If he asked her to. 

But what Hobby was actual- 

 ly asking his sister-in-law to do 
In the spring of 1968 was not to lump — certainly not Jump into marriage with Aristotle 
Onassis. 

Jackie had been seeing 

Onassis for months. He was nothing new In her life In any case. 

As First Lady, she had cruis- 

 ed the Mediterranean on his yacht with her sister. Lee, niter the death of her Infant 
Eon, Patrick. 

Onassis had been the first 

 non-relative Jackie received personally and privately In the 

White House on Ihe day of 
JFK's funeral. 

Now this comforting older 

 man, this rich 
Levantine 

 presence, this powerful fixer, this collector of social lions;, was stalking the finest Leo of them all. 

In his persistent wav 

Onassis had turned suitor, 

Society columnist Suzy 

 remarked th.il Onassis was in 
Hyannisporl, lotting the 
Kennedy kids bury him up to his neck in sand, being charm- ing over dinner, diverting the 
Widow Kennedy. 

The Kennedy family had 

 heard tlipt Onassis wanted to marry the keeper of their flame early that spring. But SO long ,-is Bobby objected, Jackie held Arj at arm's length, 

Care 

In the first place, she didn't 

 want to go against Bobby's wishes. She also thought he would e v e n t u a l l y come around. And she knew she wouldn't be much good to his upcoming Presidential cam- paign if her name was no longer Kennedy. 

But suddenly that summer 

 there was no more Bobby, no presidential prize to be seized, no reason to rare anymore what sliedid or what the world thought 

At this point the Kennedy 

 family sent former Defense 
Secretary Robert McNamara to try to talk Jackie out of marrying Onassis. 

Though MclVamara was 

 reputed to he a strong In- fluence on Mrs. Kennedy, she overturned his arguments with bitter disillusioned rejoinders. 

Callas 

Like many strong men in Hie 

 magic presence, in the face of her terrible unhapplness and her sudden iron-willed resolve, 
McNamarn dissolved. 

Very few events of so minor 

8 personal nature have ever shocked the public like the Arl- 
Jackie merger. 

Marriage to Onassis sym- 

 bolized Jackie's goodbye to an era and lo an American hero. 

It disturbed many that slio 

 was marrying oulsido her church (she can no longer take the sacraments because 
Onassis is a divorced man) and outside her American culture. 

One of the news magazines 

 wrote at Ihe time: "No ono could reasonably expect her to remain unmarried, but people tend to be fastidious, oven ruthless, about their heroes and heroines." 

Everybody knows tlia.1 much 

 of the time In their six-year 

THE NATION*!.STAt! APnn.ft.1tiM PAGE 9 

ENJOY: 
ARI'S 

 marriage, Ari and Jackie have enjoyed 
;i strange 

"togetherness" that smacks often ol "apartness." 

He goes Ids way In Europe 

 or is off on business much of the time. He frequently sees old friends or goes nighlclubb- 
Ing in Paris. 

For a while Onassls saw o 

 great deal nf Ills past love 
Maria Callas. 

Jackie did not desert 

America's shores as so many predicted, but has made her 
$2oo,ooo IS-rnom Manhattan apartment her headquarters, and has kepi the Kennedy children In U.S. schools. 

Clover 

She behaves like any rich 

 young matron willi children — shopping, painting, going to movies, giving very small dinner parties which she con- trols rigidly, reading om- nivorously, exercising nnd traveling n lot — with anil 
Without Ari. 

It might l>e more useful in 

 assessing Ihis May-December union to give some ncver- before-revealed comments on 
Jackie and Ari from persons who have never before con- sented to be interviewed. 

None of my sources allowed 

 themselves to he named, because even (he most well- meaning fear Jackie's wrath. 

It is said Mrs. Onnssls 

 makes quite a clever study out of figuring out who un- attrlbuled sources really are, nnd they receive the coup de grace once she knows. 

"Jackie Is n complex 

 woman," onn man told me. 

"She has always been 

 attracted to men as Intellec- tual companions, ns well as for 
Other reasons. 

"Onnssls hns Ihc klndncsi 

(mil clinrm of a peasant nni 
I'm not snylnfi thnt in o derogatory way. 

"Sic likes Ihc slmiili 

 pleasures, and offers ho warmth and consideration. 

"Jnckle has said herself tha 

 she Is just a peasant but oF course this isn't so. 

'I think she is rather amus- 

 ed that some of Eicr husband's extravagances are tasteless. 
She takes him for what he ia — a rugged individualist and a mnn who Is essentially a flam- boyant Oriental. 

"The main thing Onassls 

 had to offer her was protection and mobility. He Is a sort of sovereign In Ills own right. He also offered freedom from routine. 

"He has never made any 

 tremendous demands on her. 
He assured her she could con- tinue whatever friendships sho had, raise her children as she saw fit, see whom she wants. 

"Onassis is a man of tho 

 world, not usually jealous of her male friendships nor com- promised by them. Ho abides by her taste and judgment. 

"Jackie wanted out of Die 

Kennedy syndrome. She en- joyed Ari. and found his ex- travagances fun. Also, lie was concerned about her children. 

Father 

"He really loves children. 

Whenever you sec him with 
John, he Is usually holding the boy's hand. 

"When Caroline wanted a 

 certain pony, Ari asked how much It cost. When lie was told, lie waved his hand nnd said: 
"Buy it — buy Its 

 mother. Its father and all its brothers and sisters. 

"lie Is n great spoiler of 

 kids. And 1 thiik finally Jackie was fascinated hy Ari ns a prototype of (Jrcecc. She loves 
Greek l i t e r a t u r e nnd 

 mythology and he knows everything about it." 

What else did Jackie see In 

Ari? Well, to give one impor- tant reason, Onnssls perfectly 
(Us Jackie's Insistent nnd un- ending scnrcli for n father figure. 

Aside from dc Gaulle, there 

 was the unbending Knischev, the difficult Pandit Nehru, the 

 nobody 

 never recovered from her parents' divorce. 

Jack Kennedy's charm, self- 

 possession, sense of fun, masculinity, and evident attraction for the opposite sex somehow satisfied in Jackie a frustrated admiration for her lost father. 

Onassis, not handsome by 

Jack Bouvicr or Jack Kennedy standards, is yet another powerful extension of the forceful, Individualistic, satyr- like masculine personality 

Jackie finds so admirable. 

Onassis, in his late sixties, Is 

 still quite vogorous. He can out-water ski the competition any day of the week. He can 

 iS drinX for hours on end'C'Sip, 

 sip, sip" he calls it) and never show any effects. 

He can dance all night at 

'Club El Morocco or Reglnc's 

 be off before dawn the 

 next day to close a business deal In Japan. 

There are those who feel 

 that in spite of Bob Kennedy's distaste for the idea of Jackie marrying" Arl, she finds Arl very like Bobby In some ways. 
Says one friend: "He is a loner. He makes strong per- sonal commitments and feels honor is at stake in keeping them. 

Still looking good in a bikini 

 musical genius Pablo Cnsals, the aging poet ftohert Frost, 
England's fading Harold Mac- mlllan, Ihc financial wizard 
Andre Meyer, society's danc- ing master Col. Serge 
Obolcnsky, diplomat Averill 
Hnrriman, the Emperor Hnlle 
Selassie, the late Adbi Steven- son. 

There was also, surprisingly 

 a man many thought she detested. Staffers noted that 
Jackie was always adept at 
"turning on" Lyndon B. John- son. 

The big Texan was often 

 reduced to fool-bumbling self- consciousness when Jackie batted her 'eyes, asked for favors, or charmed him Just for the hell of II. 

Jncklo also always adored 

 her father-in-law, Ambassador ! 
Joseph Kennedy, and her slop- father, Hugh Auchincloss. 

Older men have been a kind 

 of life-line for her. Even Presi- dent Kennedy was 12 years her senior. 

Jack Bouvlcr WAS a charmer 

 who worked and played hard. 
He was a ladles' man and his own man In the bargain; a dashing devil who refused to knuckle under to his wife or to her wealthy family which tried to ruin him. 

Jackie was always her dad- 

 dy's darling, and even now much of her conversation revolves around him. 

Though she finally made 

 peace with the mother who drove Jack Bouvlcr out of her life, intimates feel Jackie 

Respect 

"He has great loyalty t< 

 those he rcspecls and help: people when he thinks they need It, without being asked. 

"He has a strong sense o 

 family." 

An international socialit 

 who knows Onassis very wel says: 

"Arl Is very direct. Hi 

 wanted to have a wife to own to be admired like a bcautifu work of art, to equal the beau ty around him. And Jnckl rather likes the Oriental ide of being owned, so long as I doesn't Interfere with her. An it doesn't. Onassls is too con sldcrntc for that." 

The woman continues: 

 think Jackie, like man 
American women, was used t always having to sec all th sides to every personal Issu to make decisions, forced (o h diplomatic In public life as politician's wife. 

"So she found great relief 

 throwing herself into life wil someone like Arl, who wi toko over completely, care fo her, prolcet her. 

"She knows he will brook n 

 opposition. And he Is thnt thin she likes most: real man, vcr material, very open, ver liberal. Not petty, and with a 

 d powerful. Don't think 

 ackie didn't like It when he nt her a different bracelet in bouquet of flowers every day r months on end, or when she und a priceless string ol arlS wrapped around her nner roll. 
'Or when Onassis would spalch a seaplane to pick up bstcrs if she had a yen for em, or even a head of Bibb ttuco. 
"Anyone would be Impress i with a man who bought a rlceless El Greco just ecause his friends had icknamed him 'El Greco'," 
One interesting aspect of the nnssis marriage ts that while ackie and Ari often go their eparate ways for days on end, e always telephones her daily rom wherever he Is In the odd to be sure she is all 
Ight. 
When they are together, he s a shrewd listener. With, little oriual education, he has taught himself to learn from he people around him. 

Routine 

Jackie too, is an in- 

 defatigable listener and earner. When she seizes on a ubject, she sucks It dry, buy- ng every book, reading every source until she Is an expert. 

She admires the fact that 
Inassls has a Greek homily or every occasion nnd en- courages him to teach her 
3reek songs, myths, and folklore. 

When she Is with him, she is 

 apt to fix her attention on him as.If he were delivering the last of the ten com- mandments. 

It Is her Intense "I only have eyes for you" routine. Onassis, like all the other men who liavc enjoyed the blazing sun light of Jackie's attention, seems charmed. 

Ho Is very romantic and 

 protective of her In a truly old- fashioned way. And he is breathtaking and sure of himself. 

Onassls sends Jackie red 

 great sense of liumot, fabulous zeal for life. 

"Ho Is rich and generous 
Continued on next page 

PAGE 1o TllESATtONM.STAR APR11.M.1W 

CONTINUED 
PROM PACE 9 

 roses constantly, (he first person to dare to breach the memory ot Dallas and the red roses scattered amid the blood across the bock seat of the 
Presidential limousine. 

Since Mrs. Onassis tolly 

 loses Interest In people or In places, Onassis exactly suits her passion for mobility. 

Ari's boat, his island, .his 

 homes offer her a friendly, tasteful, luxurious, but not aggressive background on which she can Impose her own tastes and build her own am- biance in life. 

In some cases she chooses 

 not to do this — as on Skorplof..- 

She goes to the island, fakes 

 no part in running it, has no suggestions for improving it, evidences no interest in taking it over. 

It is Ari's domain, and 

Jackie Is content to have it that way. 

Likewise, he has nothing to 

 say about the Fifth Avenue apartment, which is still ex- tremely feminine in its decor. 

Ari's one Influence in 

Manhattan has been to want a certain amount of Greek cook- ing done when he is visiting his wife and step-children. 

Fresh lamb is sent in from a 

Madison Avenue butcher, and there is a standing order for three small lambs a monlh which Ari insists must never be frozen. 

Honest 

One reason 1 think the 

Onassis marriage is for real, and is not some phony farce, is because Jackie.grand lady and 
Leo that she is.'ias too high a regard for herself, and for who she was and la, to have bartered herself away like a high-priced courtesan, 

And Onassis is to o rjgptls tical. 

 too honest and too direct to simply let himself be married for money. 

After all, he had already 

 entertained every famous celebrity worth mentioning aboard his yacht. 

Back in the days when his 

 rivalry with his arch enemy and one-time brother-in-law 
Stavros Niarchos was at its height, both Arl and Stavros hired Elsa Maxwell to give parties and Invite the creme de !a crcme. 

Thus, (he Onassis children, 

Alexander and Christina, grew up watching movies in the yacht's projection room, silting next to the very stars they saw on the screen. 

Prince 

"Miss Harriet Brown," they 

 learned, was an Incredible woman named Greta Garbo. 
The Prince and Princess of 
Monaco were just- like relatives, 

Onassis wined and dined 

Princess Margaret and her husband, kings and queens, film stars from Dean Martin to (he Burtons, and Dame 
Margol Fonleyn. 

Onassis, the celcbrlly- 

 collector, worshipped Winston 
Churchill. And alter the great 
Sir Winston was just a senile old man nodding In the sun, 
Onassis was still reading methodically through all Win- nie's writings and spoon- feeding Churchill, who sal wrapped in a blanket not quite sure where he was. 

Then of course, before 

Jackie, there was Maria 
Callas, the crowning name of his lion-hunting career. 

It was Calias, more than 

 anyone, who put Onassis on the map. Her tempestuoi'., temper and their world-wide love affair destroyed his long and understanding marriage 

TRAGEDY 
BROUGHT 
ARI 
CLOSER 
TO HIS 
GOLDEN 
GIRL 

THE OTHER JEWELS IN THE 

ONASSIS CONNECTION 

 to the Livanos shipping heiress 
Tina, whom he had married when she was only 16 and he was about 4o. 

It was Calias who created 

Onassis' most gratifying pre- 
Jackic publicity. For around her he was almost always silent, letting her volatile behavior, reap the whirlwind. 

When asked why he didn't 

 control Calias, the stocky 
Greek shrugged, like the man of the world he is and said: 
"She is not a vehicle for me to drive. She has her own brakes and her own brain." 
I believe an Indication of the 

 realities of the nature of the 
Onassis marriage lies in the fact thai Jackie and Arl have had two stormy incidents dur- ing their unusual marital bliss. 

Contract 

Because these Incidents are 

 true, it seems to me to belie the possibility that this famous couple "arranged" their marriage. 

Nnr do I believe a boat 

 steward saw the marriage contract he described as lying carelessly out on the Onassis desk aboard the yacht 
Christina. 

Nor do I believe in a second 

 marital contract recently printed, which Included silly 
Injunctions against Onassis swearing In English, and such absurdities as Jackle.'s in- sistence that her husband not make her sit through any por- nographic movies. 

Such items are pure jour- 

 nalistic Imagination, Any valid pre-marital contract made up between rich people is made for only reason only: to settle in advance any money problems that might arise in a divorce. 

The publicity which Onassis 

 once sought In his earlier social-climbing marriage to 
Tina Livanos, his efforts to outstrip Niarchos (who has now married his ex-wife), and his years of celebrily-hunlinc., began to seek Onassis after he married Jackie. 
* 

It was so bad. so maddening, 

Jack Bouvier.,, 

Jackie's Idol. 

 so tumultuous, that Onassis — who had always told reporters: "Write anything you like about me, I don t give a damn" — began to give a damn of sorts. 

He threatened to sue If any 

 publication anywhere printed unsubstantiated divorce' rumors. 

He used his Influence with 

 the Greek government to keep reporters at bay during his marriage to Jackie. 

But there are indications 

(hat in the early days of the marriage, Onassis was dis- turbed. 

He said (o one true Intimate: 

"How did I get Into this?'' 

 i.«tt«r« 

That could have been (he 

 offhand remark of a macho 
Greek indicating mock despair rather than any sincere question. But then came the incident of the Infamous 
Jackic-lo-Roz Gllpatric letters sold at auction. 
• Gilpatric had known Jackie only since 1961, but she had evidently developed warm feelings for him. 

Sometimes,as Is her wont, 

 she would sit up late at night writing him intimate eight- page thoughts on her blue stationery with the white shell crest. 
' I have read many of Jackie's missives to friends, and most of them struck me as being much more "romantic" or 
"intimate" than Ihe Innocent letters to the former JFK aide 
Gllpatric. 

Still, one of these famous 

Princess Margaret.., a 

 regular guest 

Maria Dallas ... a 

•tempesteous affair. 

Dame Margot Fonteyn 
... wined and dined. 

Winston Churchill 

 he was spoon-fed, 

Liz Taylor... visited with husband Richard. 

Tears streamed down Onassis' cheeks as his son died ' 

 epistles brought $4,ooo at auc- tion 

Strange but (rue, Onassis' 

 was hurt by these letters. He expressed deep disillusion to close pals. 

He was equally upset by a 

 column item to the effect that 
Jackie Nad been necking In the back seat of a limousine with 
Gllpatric. 

Aristotle Onassis la proud, 

 and Jackie is his prized possession. He did not want Ills possession used in any way. lie did not want his masculini- ty abused. He did not want to feel emotionally threatened. 

Ever since he had risen by 

 his own bootstraps from a pen- niless cigarette merchant Into one of the world's richest tanker tycoons, Onassis had been used to getting everything he wanted. 

And he had Indeed almost at- 

 taiticd everything. Everything that is except REAL CLASS. 

To him, Jacqueline Kennedy 

 represented the ultimate In his quest. He didn't want it sul- lied. 

Partners 

A close friend said at the 

 time: "That guy is an unhappy husband. The publicity about 
Gilpatric really affected him." 

So much-for the arranged 

 marriage theory. Would a hus- band in an arranged marriage be hurt or jealous? 

Eventually Jackie convinced 

Ari that (here was nothing to the Gitpatric story. 

They went hack to their old 

 ways of independence one 

 m i n u t e and relentless togetherness the next. People continued to spectate. 

For what it is worth, I 

 believe Jackie and Arl are marital partners In every sense of the word. 

A reporter who smuggled 

 himself aboard the. Christina for a night of Greek songs and ouzo drinking says that under a full moon Ari and Jackie became terribly romantic, 

At a recent small luncheon 

 with Sarah Churchill, another guest reported Jackie was "all over" Arl. 

And there are those who say 

(hat even though Mrs, Onassis always much preferred to talk about the genteel and roman- tic high-blown Ideas of romance rather than act, she is, after alt, a woman with nor- mal desires and the wish to be a f u l f i l l i n g wife to her husband. 

Onassis is slill a vigorous 

 man with obvious animal drives, a certain rough cex appeal, a great eye for women, though he has always enjoyed the unusual reputation of being more or less true (by 
Jet Set standards) to his one woman at a time. 

There is no reason to suspect 

 he is not Jackie's ardent husband, and there Is even a slory put oul by the very In- timates she trusts, who talk too much, that she absolutely relishes his rough-and-ready peasant ways. 

But sex is not the answer, 

 and neither is money, in the 
Onassis marriage. These im- 

 file lactic nobody 

 porlant aspects are only part of the larger puzzle. 
• One event that knit Arl and 
Jackie together in a more per- manant interlocking was the tragic and unexpected death of 
Ari's 24-year-old son, Alex- ander, last year. 

If Onassis worshipped 

 anything in life, it was his only, son and heir. He had spoiled the child and introduced him to the playboy life at an early teen age. But somehow Alex- ander was shaping up into the proper businessman and worthwhile inheritor for the 
$5oo,ooo,ooo empire he partial- ly came into at 21. 

Sour 

Onassis had been greatly un- 

 happy over Alexander's ob- jecting to his marrying Jac- queline Kennedy. 

The usually silent Alexander 

 said sourly to reporters at the 
(iine: '-'My father needs a wife, buf I don't need a mother!" 

It was known that both Alex- 

 ander and his sister Christina never gave up the dream (hat their father- would someday remarry their beloved blonde petite mother, Tina. 

Alexander was the last to 

 enter the chapel, and refused to smile during his father's marriage ceremony to Jackie. 
He would not make a toast after, though Jackie made one 
(o him with tears In her eyes. 

The inside story of how 

Onassis managed even to produce his recalcitrant con at his wedding to Jackie |9 Oiat 
Arl relented in his adamant objections against young Alex- ander's flying. 

In a auid pro quo, Alexander 

 dropped his objection to his father's marriage after Art shut up about his son's dangerous mania for aviation. 

The tragic denouement WD3 

Alexander's death. 

Onassis was haggard, grief- 

 stricken, unable to bring himself out of the depths, 

Puxxlo 

The long hand of Greek 

 tragedy that seems to have blurred the tines of Jacqueline 
Bouvier Kennedy Onassis' life over and over again hail reach- ed back to Greece. 

It was In Mils time of (rouble 

 that Jackie came (o the fore for Arl. Of all people, she coutd understand how shatter- 
Ing his son's death had been for him. 

In recent months they have 

 been almost inseparable, together all over the world. 

For whatever reasons he 

 had married her In the first place — for whatever reasons she.had married him — It was beginning to seem as If It had all been worlfi It. 

The pieces of llieir unlikely 

 puzzle, so shocking ana bewildering to onlookers sin years ago, were beginning to 

NEXT 
» The other men in Jackie's life 
» The way she lives 
• Jackie the peek-a-boo princess 

THENVrtONM,SMR APRILS). l>74 PAGE 11 

ANOTHER GREAT 
STAR EXCLUSIVE 
STARTS NEXT WEEK 

THE RAW 

BY THE WOMEN 

IN HIS LIFE r 

ChrTuie Shrimpton 
Marianne Failhlul... 
Bianca Jagjcr 
.. 

...Jas|«r'i list love ths soclfly £«l »!» the Nicaragua" 

 ami the woman who at first resisted beauty who li.iiSf liw him change 
Jaguar's (aw churns won the liojrl ollrie 

(rcxn a ihy youlh to before falling 
Stone. Hei life is 

 the world's No. L pop paiskMutoly fn ktw« as much g«i!p;«d 

•Idol. with him. 
• about as Mick's. 

A stark penetrating look at Mick Jagger, the wild man of rock 

READ 
ABOUT 

THE NIGHT 
THE STONES 
COT TIED 

UP IN MURDER 

THE TRACK 
LAST DAYS 
Of THE 

STONE WHO DUD 

Start reading this 

 gripping series 

ONLY IN THE STAR 

NEXT WEEK 

READ 
ABOUT 

MAFIA TAKES AIM 

A T RARE 
ANIMALS 

THE MAFIA has become involved in the extermination of endangered animal species, the U.S. Department of the 
Interior told the Star this week. 

The Syndicate is using Its experience in international 

 drug trafficking to satisfy a national craving for skins and trophies from these animals. 

This craving may wipe out many rare animals and 

 place other species on the endangered list, the department's Fish and Wildlife Service has brought in special investigators from other government agencies, in- cluding the FBI, the Secret 
Service and Army 

Intelligence. 

It is receiving international 

 cooperation from Tnterpol and 
From the police forces of oilier countries involved. 

A c c o r d i n g to t h e 

E|K>kcsmnn, the Mob organizes hunting expeditions for the 
American businessman. 

The businessman flies 

 abroad, with everything from his shooting permit to the tax- idermist arranged in advance for him. 

 lie shools tbe animal he 

 wants, then just flies back. 

The Mafia organization 

 moves in and. almost before the businessman is back in his office, bis trophies arc on his wall. 

Trophl«« 

For $1o.ooo, a hunter can 

 even kill a rare bighorn sheep1 in the Kocky Mountains and have it shipped illegally across stale linos to his home. 

The Mafia has set up a 

 smooth, sophisticated, world- wide operation. 

They have organized fronts 

 in import and export com- panies, in trucking and private airline firms, even among tax- idermists and private zoos. 

The Moh is usin^ its 

 member who service inter- national drug rings to move tlin skins or tropiiies. using false import documents, front men posing as respectable im- port agents and ail ttic other organized s'mugRling methods. 

The slaughter mounts as the 

 craving for rare species grows 
— furs, sea turtle shell sold as lortoiseshcll, alligator and 
Nile crocodile skins, and elephant and walrus ivory. 

The people wlm buy these 

 trophies, skins and curios know that the animals arc en- dangered. They want to grab the last of Hie supply, while it lasts. 

FREE NIGHT RIDES 
FOILING RAPISTS 
A BUS and taxi service that offers free rides for women until two In the morning seven nights a week has been launch- ed in Madison, Wis.. as protec- tion against rapists. 

It's called the Women'? 

Transit A u t h o r i t y . Carol 
Welckcr, Us organizer, says calls for the service arc averaging 4oo a week. 

Show stopper 
Cher goes down 
. • 

 avenue 

EVEN among the crowds thronging New York's Fifth Avenue they stood out ... two of the most talked about people in showbiz. 

And all heads turned as Cher Bono, trying to hide behind 

 sunglasses, went strolling with millionaire boyfriend Dave 
Gaffen. 

Cher was in New YorX.to pre- 

 sent th» Woman of the Year award to tennis star Billie-Joan 
King-. 

Away from the California 

 sunshine, the couple had tried to blend into the gray anonymity of the big city. 

The fans had different ideas. 

A u t o g r a p h hunters and photographers trailed the two down Fifth Avenue, and theli chance of privacy was lost... but that's shortbuilness. 
• 

OPIUM FIGHT HITS THE 

DOCTORS are worried about tlie growing shortage of opium tor medicinal purposes. 

The drug Is used as a pain 

 reliever, along with horoln, codeine and other drugs deriv- ed, from the poppy. 

Ijist year there was n shor- 

 tage of 4oo tons of opium for medical use, nnd this week doctors Warned it on the U.S. government's war on inter- national drug racketeers. 

Dr. William T. Beavers of 

Washington, D.C. told the 
Star: "The United Slatcs.paid the Turkish government SK.7 million to outlaw opium production. 

"Turkey was tho biggest 

SICK 

 producer of opium in the free world because it was legal." 

Dr. Beavers said ttie Irony of 

 the problem was that there is more than enough opium for the country's 7oo,ooo drug ml- dicl3' Q«ng.t«r« 

The drug found its way to 

 the U.S. from the so-called 
Golden Triangle In Southeast 
Asia through an underground route operated by Inter- national gnngsters. 

A recent survey by the 

American Medical Association 

 showed that doctors consider morphine and codeine to be 
"Indispensable drugs." 

Tho U.S. chief medle.il ex- 

 pert on drug abuse. Dr. Robert 
L. DuPont, denied that the government was going over- board In Us drive against il- legal drugs. He said: "We arc pursuing our policy on drugs with vigor, not hysteria." 

Meanwhile, the U.S. has told 

 tho International Narcotics 
Control Itoard In Geneva that 
It will help relieve the opium shortage by releasing half of its strategic opium stockpile ot 7oo tons, held In reserve In cose of a national disaster or war. 

The stars that were forgotten 

£ WHY were Orlen- 
* tals not represented 

— cither as nominees or among the hosts — in the 
Academy Awa rd s? 

There was a fair amount 

 of black representation; and some guests of Spanish descent like Raquol Welch. 

But, with the popularity 

 of Kung Fu movies, per- sonalities like Nancy 
Kwan, Frances Nuyen, 
Benson Fong and others should have been Invited. 

Wo are spell ing out equal 

 rights {or all and, 

 thcreforo, I say it is timely that some attention be paid to the Asiatic races. 

I am Burmese, with 

 longstanding in the theater as an actress and n bonafldc member of the 
Guild. I wonder why I w.is not invlled — I feel I am a very capable ambassador for my race. • 

Prlnon Thtriii M«»ur»t, 

Lo» Ang*lM 

PAOE 12THENATJpNALSTAnAPniL2o. IOT 

GREAT PRIZES 

TO BE WON 

THE STAR'S 

NEXT week the Star will bring ' you Town- tangles .. a fascinating contest to test your knowledge of the U.S. There are more than ' '$2o,ooo worth- of prizes, including an 
OpenRoad Go-Anywhere Camper, a Hawaiian holi- day for two, a romantic windjammer cruise, five vacations in Disney World and many, mariy more. 
Buy the Star and find out about 
Town- tangles. 
YOU CAN WIN :. 

AN OPEN 
ROAD 
CAMPER 

 vacation for two in Hawaii 

TRY YOUR 
SKILL 
AT THIS 

SAMPLE 
TANGLE . . . 

EVERYONE agrees that friends are all important-, but how much effort are you prepared to exert in being a really good friend? 

•Do you just want friends 

 when you are in need, as in the saying: a friend In need Is a friend Indeed. 
Or are you the type who makes yourself a doormat for so-called friends and just can't say'no? 

Are you always ready to 

 give the best straight- from-the-shoulder advice even if it's not very welcome at the time? Or do you, under the guise pf friendship, enjoy running other people's lives, not really helping but Increas- 

ARE YOU 
A GOOD 
FRIEND? 

 ing their dependence upon you? 

Do you know how a 

 really true friend deals with a persistent 

 borrower, a gossiping neighbor, an irritating co- worker? 

Answer" this quiz 

 honestly and find out if you are a friend indeed. 
Men and women's 

 friendships have different qualities, so we have it> cluded one set of questions for you and one for your husband or boyfriend. 

Match your friendship ratio against your guy's 

THEN JOIN US NEXT WEEK FOR 
TOWN TANGLES IN THE STAR 

I A QUIZ FOR HER 
1 

O A FRIEND always turns 

 to you to help sort out 

 her highly strung emotions. 
Do you* 

(a) Drop everything to help? 
(b) Tell her she must learn to stand on her own two feet? 
(c) Just help out when matters seem al the crisis point? 
O FRIENDS invite you to 

' dinner. You arrive on 

 time, and your hostess is ob- viously not ready. Do you: 
(a) Over-rule her objections 
•and lend a hand? 

(b) Grab a drink and relax un- til she is ready? 
(c) Say you will come back ? 

A 
A FRIEND Is mis. 
^^ treating a man desperately in love with her. 
Do you: 

(a) Mind your- own business? 
(b) Tell her she is behaving badly? 
(c) Praise him to make her appreciate his good points? 
O 

YOUR chatty neighbor is celling the reputa- 

 tion as a gossip. Do you: 

(a) Warn her that people are tired of the dagger in their backs? ' 
(b) Say nothing? 
(c) Try to find out what she has been saying about you? 
O AN OLD friend turns 

 up after a year. and. 

 asks you to put her up while she visits old haunts. Do you> 
(a) Ask her to stay for a few 

 days, but suggest that she find somewhere else after that? 
(b) Let her stay for as long as she likes? 
<c) Say you can't manage it? 
O 
A PLUMP friend asks 

. you to help her choose 

 a bikini. Do you: 

(a) Tell her truthfully it doesn't suit her? 
(b) Try to guide her to choose the least appaling? 
• 

(c) Make an excuse not to go? 
O 

YOU find out your friend's husband is 

 having an affair. Do you: 

(a) Let her know? 
(b) Say nothing to anyone? 
(c) Warn her husband? 
O AN office friend suf- 

 fers from persistent 

B.O. Do you: 

(a) Say nothing ? 
(b) Give her bath soaps for 
Christmas? 
(ct Tell her directly about it? 
O A NEIGHBOR is 

 always borrowing a 

 cup of sugar or asking you to mind the children. Do you: 

(n) Start refusing now? 
(b) Always help unslintingly? 
(c) Tell her it has gone too far and refuse? 
(JD YOUR friend's hus- 
^ band makes'a pass at 

 you. Do you: 

(a) Tell your friend? 
(b) Rebuke him ? 
(c) Ask your husband to have & word with him? 

1 A QUIZ FOR HIM 
I 

O 

-A FRIEND has given up cigarets. Do vou: 

(a) Offer him one, reminding him of his pledge? 
(b) Let him smoke? 
(c) Light-heartedly rebuke him?e 

YOU saw a colleague whooping it up in the 

 bar. The next day the boss asks you where he is. Do you: 
(a) Say you tliink he may have had a doctor's appointment? 
(b) Pretend ignorance? 
(c} Tell the truth ? 
© 

A FRIEND is thinking of proposing to your 

'ex-girt. He asks why you split up. Do you: 
(a) Change the subject? 
(b) Give him fair warning of her shortcomings? 
(c) Tell him there were faults on both sides? 
© 

A FRIEND who has mistreated yotor 

 records asks to borrow a new 
LP. Do you: 
(a) Agree to lend it, but point out previous misuse? 
(b> Refuse, giving your reasons? 
(c> Agree readily? 
O 

THE phone rings Just as you are dropping off 

 to sleep. It's a friend whose car has broken down 2o miles away. Do you: 
(a) Say you need your sleep, but if lie can'l find someone else he should call you back? 
(b) Agree to pick him up? 
(c) You wouldn't have answered (he phone? 
O 

AN old friend arrives when you and the wife 

 are enjoying a rare evening atone. Do you: 

(a) Welcome him in? 
(b) Ask him in, but say you oro going to bed early? 
(c) Tell him it's not (he moment? 
O 

YOU'RE thinking or buying a used car. A 

 friend, who considers himself a car expert.offers (o check it over with you. Do you: 
(a) Put your trust in 'his judgment? 
(b) Tell him your mechanic 13 checking it so lie need not waste his lime? 
(c) Take him along but rely On your own judgment? 
O YOU hear a rumor that 

 your friend's firm Is 

 laying off employes. Do yoin 

(a) Keep quiet,? 
(b) Drop a few hints about keeping an eye open for otliei opportunities? 
(c) Rush to pass on the news. 
O 

YOU'VE bought a round of drinks when a 

 friend asks you to lend Mm 
$5 to buy his round, uoyoiii 

(a) Lend him (he money? 
(!>) Buy his round? 
(c) Believe that lending. money is a sure way to lose a friend? 
4T\ AT Christmas, a Mend 
**it gives you a shirt, one size too large. Do yout 

(a) Give it to a fi'lend? 
(b) Let It lie unused rallier- than hurt any. feelings? 
(c) Ask svhere she bought It and change It? 

[WELL, WHO IS THE BEST FRIEND? CHECK YOUR RATINGS j 

NOW that you've tackled al) 15-2o: those questions, with a good 
YOU may think you arc devoted to your friends, but 

 measure of honesty, we either you are trying to buy friendship, or you like to 

 hope, let's see what sort of a make people foci indebted to you. Real friends do not 

 score you've rung up on (he want to loan on you (lie whole time, and are best left to 

 friendship scale. Hero's to run their ov n lives when possible. 

 you, pal: 
7-14i 
YOU are the best sort of friend. When help Is needed you 

I fa) 2; (b o; Jc 1. give it without reservations, but you don't try to live your 

2 ta> 2; (b 1; (c o. friend's lives for (hem. You will give honest, If un- 

3 (a) o; (b 2; (c 1. patatable,advice If you think it will help in the long run. 

4 (a l;(i) o; (c 2, 
This is real friendship; 

5 ifc. J; i.b 2j te o. n-6: 

 ii't iilb ri'-le ?' 
WHAT friends? You ore so busy keeping yourself to 

 fl 
!a , o. Tj f ic 2! 
• yourself and staying uninvolved that it's unlikely many 

 ok Inb 2'lc o people will warm to you. Just pray that if you need a help- inftVW ( >i o. ri 1 
'"8 hmid one day there will be someone less suspicions 
*" l ' ' v ' ' ' around. 

•«VVVV*HV4l«*MWV*B»>WMM*IWMmmBVMMP««MNMMMi^^M 

••-•••^•.^^^^^mMM^^H^HHMMV 

JJ. 4 
1 uup " 

— ^.^^sfr-Ov v^1 c>r*'"1'^ yiS'/cis^ffy 'K^T.J.^? 
IjjSjjJSvJri/ f*l4sS5/i 
Sr§Mi^'llL / 4*\ini fim^^U^mfjw&ivt 
S^B^P?uf" Jw»m 
^^W^iiiiaj^f 

(3 *L 

"FORGET Ihoso eight taSsrs i gave you — and 111 giYiJ you a sure winner now." 

WATCH FOR ANOTHER FUN QUIZ IN NEXT WEEK'S STAR 

 iLu. i«tPAGE13 

• 
AMOS the seafood 

 freak Is abput to Indulge himself In his favorite delicacy. -Amos ' holds down a regular fob as a polar bear in London Zoo. 
• 
ALTHOUGH It means 

 he has to work a long way 

 from home, the Job does offer security, good work- 
Ing conditions and all the fish he can eat. 
• AND old Amos la a pretty shrewd bear. He's riot ambitious — he does the job just for the halibut. GOTCHA! 

Amos the polar bear makes a big splash as lunch-time comes round at the zoo 

Car that's a garbage wagon 

THE CAR of the future may to fuelled by garbage, If Richard 
Archer lies his way. 

Archer, n design Instructor 

 at Southern Illinois Univer- sity, J3 building an automobile- that will run on mctlianol. 

And the mcthonol, better 

 known as wood alcohol or methyl alcoliol, can be made by ilia destructive distillation of common garbage, as well as sawdust and sludge. 

Mctlmnol sells for about 15 

Cents a gallon. 

According to Archer. 

 mc'tlianol is used (o run two lawnmoivcr engines which will clinrgo a battery system. 

Tito batteries will drive (lie car at about SO miles per hour, with recharging needed about 
.every 6o miles. 

The- car will bo virtually 

 noiseless and pollution-free, 
Archer says that 11 will sell for about £ooo. 

SHERIFF PUT A CURSE ON 

VOODOO 
DOCTOR 

Ed McTeer...thousands seek his help 

LIFE IS ALWAYS EXCITING IN 
AMERICA'S LIVELIEST NEWSPAPER 

By CARRY JACKSON 

THE SMALL town folks were spellbound the day their sheriff had a show- down with a witchdoctor. 

They watched in awe the 

 way lie put the evil man out of business. 

For tlicy knew the sheriff's 

 deadly secret. . .he, too, was a witchdoctor. 
: 
And he used tils voodoo 

 knowledge to rid the town of the medicine man, who had been prescribing potions without a license, by casting a spell on him. 

Spelhi 

A few days later, the man's 

 son was killed In a mysterious road accident. 

This week, the former 

 sheriff. J. E. "Ed" McTcer lold how lio used tlio occult when he was the law around 
Beaufort, S.C., to outwit the quack. 

"I told him to stop dispens- 

 ing the potions without a license," recalled, husky, 71- year-old Ed McTcer. 

"But lie told mo: 'If you are 
- so powerful, then you'll have 

 to uso your witchcraft to make mo'." 

So McTcer went to Ills nltnr 

 and began casting spells. 

"A few days later the 

 witchdoctor's son was driving 

 along a causeway when, ho suddenly veered into a marsh and drowned." 

Was it just a coincidence? 
"I dont know," shrugged 

McTeer . "But I did wish for misfortune to befall him, and it did." 
McTeer Is a nationally- 

 recognised authority on the mystic art of blacK — and white — magic. 

"Black magic is where you 

 put a hex on someone," he ex-, plains. "White magic is where you take it off." 

He learned the art as a child 

 from the numerous witchdoc- tors who practiced around his wealthy family's plantation In 
Souili Carolina. The area has n rich tradition of voodoo which stems from tho days of slavery. 

Since he inherited the job of 

High Sheriff of Beaufort Coun- ty nt 22 when his father died, 
McTeer 1ms helped thousands 

 of people rid themselves of evil curses placed on them through voodoo. 

People still travel hundreds 

 of miles to his home In 
Beaufort seeking his help. 

He takes them Into a back 

 room and goes through an ex- traordinary ceremony to rid them of their curses. 

A wicked looking voodoo 

 mask, mounted on the wall, begins to jump around, smokb spewing from its eyes. There is a loud pop on the far side of the room and a flash o! light and smoke. 

It may sound far-fetched, 

 but McTeer's cures appear (6 work for people — and'ho accepts no money for them. 

PAGAN PRIEST 

The new parish priest at 

Kettles I one Church, Norfolk, 
England, Is. . .the Rev. Keith 
Pagan. 

PAGEH TIIENAHONALSTAHAPniLM. IJ74 

THE 
STAR 
SAYS 

A way out of the nightmare 

PRESIDENT NIXON'S fate is speeding rapidly toward a decisive showdown. 

In the next few weeks he probably will be forc- 

 ed to decide whether to face an impeachment trial 
In the Senate or, his determination notwithstan- ding, resign under fire. 

His options are examined on these pages by 

 the National Star and Senator James Buckley, 
New York conservative, the theoretician of con- servative politics. 

A criminal trial of the President of the United 

States before the solemn majesty of the U. S. 
Senate is so traumatic in its implications one must hope for a better way out of the national night- mare. 

The spectacle of the leader of the free world 

 being hauled into the dock and charged with high 

 crimes is a prospect too grim to contemplate. The Buckley alter- native Is compelling because it clearly springs from the con- science. That is not'to say, 

 however, that it is the best Way out. 

The senator is to be applauded 

 for having the courage to express his convictions publicly before his constituency. 

The dissent and hate mail that 

 has flooded his office since first speaking out is testimony to the raw nerve he. has stroked. 

A troubling aspect of the 

Buckley proposal is the suggestion that the President resign AND be stripped of immunity from the judicial process. 

.That's shooting Mr. Nixon with 

 both barrels and no president In his 

 right mind could be expected to set himself up as such a target 

Denied Immunity, the President, as a private 

 citizen, could be yanked from one court to another for years as defendant and/or witness. 
' There is a third alternative. 

If the House Judiciary Committee has con- 

 clusive proof of criminal conduct by the President 
In handling campaign funds, or obstructing justice 
In the Watergate cover-up, or simply In the processing of his tax returns, that should be enough to force resignation. 

Disgrace 

In return, the Justice Department surely could 

 draft a framework of immunity that would save the President from being turned Into a political shuttlecock, slammed from court to court, and still release its Incriminating findings. 

It was done for Spiro Agnew; it could be done 

 for Richard Nixon, if necessary. 

To be reduced to that level is, in itself, disgrace 

 enough. 

THE UNMAKING O- THE PRESIDED 
THE UNMAKING •?• THE PRESIDENT 

TRIAL OF 

Chief Justice Burger... he presides 

ONE HUNDRED and six years after the trial of 
President Andrew John- son, 
Senators are 

 accepting that they may again become the Judge and jury of a President 

The situation.has rapidly 

 been reached where almost none of them will now dis- cuss the likely outcome of an Impeachment trial of 
Richard Milhous Nixon for various "high crimes and misdemeanors." 

Majority Leader Mike Man- 

 sfield sternly rebuked a young 
Democratic Senator who Jok-. cd about impeachment at a re- cent party, which was largely attended by members of the 
"world's most exclusive club." 

S«rlou« 

By RICHARD 1'ESTRANGE 

Mansfield told him to shut 

 up. And when the young 
Senator protested that it was 
"all in the club" be was told that was all the more reason to keep quite. 

.Suddenly, it is a serious 

 business. 

In the offices of a number of 

 key Senators, the 1,64o page record of the trial of President 
Andrew Johnson is being meticulously examined. 

Parliamentarians have 

 dusted off the section of the 
Rules and Manual of the 

United States Senate which sets out, step-by step over eleven pages, the method for conducting an impeachment trial. 

If the House of Represen- 

 tatives votes to Impeach the 
President, he almost certainly will not be present at his trial in the Senate. 

The law does not compel 

 him to be there. And all the In- dications are that while 
America is supposedly "torn apart" by a trial takingastong as two months, the man In the eye of the storm will be sitting in the White House watching the proceedings on television. 

The only precedent for such 

 a trial is that of Johnson In 
1868. -And he was saved by a single vote which gave him (he necessary one-third-plus-one of the Senate. 

If the House votes by a sim- 

 ple majority to send Nixon for trial by the Senate for his role 
In Watergate and associated scandals, the drama will be guided by the language of colonial times. 

The Rules provide for the 

 issuing of a summons by the 
Senate once it has received notice from the House "Uiat managers are appointed on their part to conduct an im- peachment." 
- 

Two members arc sent from 

 the house to inform the 
Senate. 

In this case It would be 

Congresmen Peter Rodino and 
Edward Hutchinson — the 
Democratic Chairman and ranking Republican respec- tively of the House Judiciary 
Committee which would have drawn up Articles of 
Impeachment. 

Priority 

Congressman Kodino would 

 address the Senate like this: 

"Mr. 
President, In 

 obedience to the order of the 
House of Representatives and of all the people of the United 
States, we do Impeach 
Richard M. Nixon, President of the United States, of high crimes and misdemeanours in office." 

From Mint point, the Im- 

 p e a c h m e n t trial takes precedence over all other business. 

The next day at exactly 1 

 p.m., Warren Burger, Presi- dent Nixon's appointment as 
Chief Justice, will lake an oath to "do impartial justice ac- cording to the Constitution and the laws" as presiding officer and then administer the same oath to all the Senators. 

After the oath taking, the 

Senate would set a date for the trial and instruct Us Sergeant 

YOUR POINT OF VIEW^ vYOUR POINTiOF ftj|piilYOUiRJ*OINT;P!F VIEW.. 

THIS year, as In years past, I paid my 
Income tax, a targe slice of my income. 
I am single woman and hit particularly bad. And I'm mad. I didn't have the elaborate set up of President Nixon. 

Not that I'd mind paying taxes if they 

 went to a program I favored. But only 
J52 billion goes to our sorry education system. 

I seriously think I'll wlthold my taxes 

 next year. I'll use the money usually paid to the government for charities of my choice. My charities would benefit women, children, animals and the en- vironment. 

Then, I could rest easy that my 

 money was going toward worthy causes. 1 deserve this consideration as a member of the American working class. I'll be more than happy to con- sider the I.U.S. by sending lliem an ae- counling of the way I spend iny tax money. 
Betly Lou L(,noy 

Albuquerque, New Mex. 

WE ARE a nation addicted to sugar. 
Whereas sugar was as rare as caviar at the turn of tiic ccnlury, we now con- 

It's time we put taxes 

 into & worthy cause 

 sumo upwards.to IDS pounds per adult per year. 

Sugar, of all kinds, even those adver- 

 tised as raw sugar arc 1oo sucrose and have no food value. But, more than that sugar robs Hie body of ils B vitamins, disrupts how calcium is used and dis- tributed throughout the body. It's very bad for pregnant women and could cause bad side effects, even birth defects. Tlie IJ vitamins arc most deficient In 
1 pregnant women. 

Our national gorging on sugar has 

 caused a new American malady known as Hypoglycernla. At least 65 percent of the population have some form of U. 
It's not contagious or fatal, but does causo symptoms of fatigue, headaches, and weakness, which could lead to falalitics. 

If people must have sweeteners, they 

 it's about time the government did something about this. 

Ronald Wenzel 

- 
PhiladBlphia/Pa. 

MOTOR vehicle accidents during 1971 
^ killed 54,ooo persons in the U.S. And In 

 should use lupclo honey, a special I at Icast nalf of lnesc deaths, alcohol brand which contains no sucrose and is waps ln<"ll<""' 

 more easily tolerated by the body. 

Mary Lawrence Carter, R.N. 

Los Angeles 

OUR supposedly "energy-saving" government tells us to cut back on driv- ing our cars, keep our heal down, dim our lights, sacrifice comfort and con- venience in our lifestyles, or we'll havo rationing, blackouts and hcaltess homes. 

Out what about electric outdoor 

 advertising — billboards and business establishments — blazing away not only during hours of business but long after most people have gone to bed? 

Sure we need to conserve energy. But 

 business needs to sacrifice as well, and 

 was Involved. 

If you drive, don't drink. If you drink don't drive. 
Mrs. Selma Parkins 

Buffalo, N.Y. 

HOW many people realize that children spend three quarters of their waking hours during their growing up years, from about six to 18, years of age, with schoolteachers. 

So whether we like it or nol, teachers 

 have more opportunity of influencing our children than we do. 

And yet the appalling fact Is that 

 teachers liave a lower pay scale than most public servants — In some areas of the U.S. they do not make as much money as garbage collectors! 

Marl-Anne Qibbs" 

Brooklyn, N.Y. 

 at Arms, William H. Wannall. to go to the White House and summon the President. 

The Sergeant at Arms would 

 command The President to appear before the Senate "at 
12:3o o'clock afternoon" Of the day the trial begins, 

M«nafl«r« 

It Is likely that the summons 

 would be accepted verbally or 
In writing at one of the White 
House entrances by a 
Presidential lawyer, probably the very proper Boslonlan 
James St. Clair. 

From that point, President 

Nixon will be under notice that 
"hereof you are not to fall" to answer in the Senate tho charges against him. 

Then the Senate will advise* 

 the House that it is ready to receive the Articles of 
Impeachment — lire list of ac- cusations against the 
President. 

Tiic House will have ap- 

 pointed "managers" to lead the prosecution — probably 
Rodino, Hulchinson and 
Judiciary Cornmillee staff lawyers John Doar and Albert 
Jenncr. 

James St. Clair Is the most 

 likely Presidential champion. 
Congressman Rodino would open tlie trial by making a statement to which St. Clair, or Nixon if he so chose, would reply. 

From then on, the trial 

 would follow almost (he nor- mal pattern of a court. 

Senator Mansfield estimates 

 the Irial could take as long as 
Iwn months. 

Final arguments may bo 

 made by Iwo persons on each side. Each Article of Impeach- ment — and more than. 5o possibilities have been men- tioned — musl be voted on. 

Judgment 

Chief Justice Burger would, 

 on each separate charge, ask every Senator: "Mr. Senator, how say you?" 

If the impeachment Is not 

 sustained by the vote of two thirds of t h e members present, a Judgment of acquit- tal will be colored. 

"But If the accused Is con- 

 victed on any of the Articles by the vote of two thirds of the members present, (lie. Senate will pass judgment." 

The Chief Justice would then 

 read the words: "Ordered that the respondent Richard M. 
Nixon be removed from office and forever disqualified from holding nny office of honor, trust or profit under tho 
United Sinles." 

••••^•"•••^^^^•^^^^^MMMWBiMMSiMMSSS^SSSSMBBSSiBEI^^^S^^^Eas^Sasi^SAHiSiinelpkftM 
WHY I SAY: PRESIDENT 
NIXON SHOULD RESIGN 

By Senator 
James Buckley 

IN CALLING for President Nixon's resignation, I did not fora moment imply — indeed plainly denied - that the consequences of such an act would be uniformly beneficial. 

None of us can accurately assess the full conqucncc of 

 the event through which the nation has passed and will pass before we have done with Watergate. 

Tills much, however, seems clear: We shall not pass 

 through this ordeal unscarred, whether the President stays in office, leaves voluntarily, or is removed by judg- ment of the Senate. 

No mutter what happens, the nation and its con- 

 stitutional structure are going to undergo a wrenching as severe as any the nation has undergone in the past. 

Reasonable men can and 

 will differ as to the least ^ damaging course, What I find striking is that so many are now talking precisely in terms of 
"least damage" ratlicr than In terms of positive benefit. 

Equally striking is the grow- 

 i n g s e n t i m e n t t h a t t h e problem lias moved from the question of Mr. Nixon's per- sonal legal guilt or innucctiso. 

Episode 

Tlic focus Is iiiurcaslnoly 

 k'ss on tiiat narrowly legal question, increasingly more on 
Oic question of what is best for 
Oie |x>litical system in general and the Presidency in par- ticular. 

The central puinl I sought to 

 make two weeks a^o — and one lliat to my surprise was missed by so many — was simply this: 

The Watergate affair cnil no 

 longer be thought of as merely n trouBtesbmc episode such as occurs from time to iiine_in_ the political history ot every country. - 

Hather, it has been tran- 

 sformed Into a prufmnul crisis of national confidence. 

In my j u d g m e n t , t h e 

President's position has deteriorated beyond repair. 

There is n o t h i n g lhat 

 lUchard Nixon cmTrip or say, no acttun that The Congress 

The man who spoke 

 complicity in the Watergate affair, for a man who stops out of the Presidency loses fits urn munity from the normal judicial process. 

Finally, it is argued that for 

 a President to resign before being found guilty of an inv peachable offense is to es- tablish a precedent that will weaken the office by making tenure subject, in effect, to public pressures. 

The President has con- 

 sistently argued that it would be destructive of the office for a President to be hounded out of of ftce because he happens to have a low rating in the polls. 

To this I answer that while 

 in normal circumstances I would agree, we have in the present case a qualitative difference, thai hinges not on 
(tic/act of a low rating, but on the'rcasons for that rating. 

Credibility 

The. President's current 

 rating in the polls ilocs nut reflect a dissatisfaction with one, or two, or a dozen specific issues.. 

H n t h e r it reflects a 

SENATOR James Buckley, the New York 
Conservative, stunned the nation recently by calling on President Nikon to resign for the good of the country. His statement aroused support and hostility, evon mis- 

KJ understanding. It prompted the Senator to 

 accept an invitation to address the Univer- sity of Delaware last week to explain his stand. What he said is printed on this page, part of a snowballing national debate on Mr. Nixon's future and on the continuing crisis around him. 

 can lake or fall 1o hike, Unit will restore the crc'diblfUy and morn! nulliorlly Ihut urc_cs• scnthil to effective Presiden- tial leadership. 

Ballot 

Believing this us 1 (to, I 

 came to tlic very reluctant conclusion Hint for the snke of the country, for Hie snke of the 
Presidency itself, Hie Presi- dent must resign.. 

In my statement of a fort- 

 night ago, I was careful to make clear Hint "by proposing the President's resignation as 
(lie way and tlie only way to resolve tlie crisis, 1 tlo not in 
(lie least Imply belief dial lie Is legally guilty of any of tlie hundreds of charges brought ngnlnsl him . .. my proposal reflects no personal judgment of (lie matter ot guilt or in- 

 noccnsc, for I have made 

 none." 

It was Ibis last statement 

 thai proved to be Hie focus of mucb of Hie adverse comment 
I have received. 

Legal! 

Some, in the words of n 

Washington i'osl editorial, have demanded to know: If lie ts innocent, then "why in hell should be resign?" 

Others such as the Wall 

Street Journal, have in effect accused me of trying 1o .sub- vert due process hy proposing the "extra-constitutional" alternative of resignation. 

They argue that as ttic Con- 

 slltu'tion p r o v i d e s a 

 mechanism by which Congress may remove a President, it Is somehow inappro|iriale, and definitely unconscrvativn, to suggest thai nn incumbent take voluntary leave of his of- fice. 

Finally, there arc those who 

 charge (hat for a President legally innocent of an im- peacliabte offense to resign un- der public pressure is to do great damage to the office of the Presidency bv striking at 
Us stability. 

These nre nil substantial 

 arguments, and 1 would like to address them one at a lime. 

 r-'irst, let me take up the 

 question so elegantly posed by the Washington I'osl: If tlic 
President Is limoccnl of anv 

 crime, "why Hie hell should lie resign?" 

I have slated already my 

 own conclusion ttiut the Presi- dent bas suffered a collapse of confidence, of credibility, from which he cannot recover irrespective of how the c u r r e n t 
I m p e a c h m e n t 

 proceedings may be resolved. 

But perhaps that most com- 

 pelling answer to' the Post's question was provided hy the 
President himself in his stale-' in cut of A p r i l 3o. 1973 accepting (be resignation of 
Messrs, l l a l d c m a n and 

Kliilicbinan. 

Doctrlno 

* He can do nothing to restore his credibility' 

He staled: "I want to stress 

 tbal in accepting ttiese resignations. I mean to leave no implication wbatevcr of personal wrmiRdniiig on llieir nail, and 1 leave no implica- tion tonight of implication on the part of others who have been charged in Ibis matter. 

"Unl in matters as sensitive 

.is guarding Ihe integrity of our democratic process, it is essential not only lh.it rigorous legal and ethical standards be observed, but also thai the public, yon, have total confidence that they arc both being observed anil en- forced bv those in rmthority anil particularly by tlie Presi- dent of tlie United Stales. 

"They agreed with me th.il 

(his move was necessary in order to restore thai con- fidence."' 

Is not such n statement^ 

 equally applicable to' the jVcsidctil MniseH? 

Given what [ believe to be 

 accurately described In my 

;talemciil ns "tho spreading cynicism about those in public ife and about the political process itself," given as "a icrceplion of corruption that las effectively destroyed Hie 
['resident's ability to speak from ii position of moral eadership," is it so un- reasonable to suggest Hint the 
President himself resign In order to restore public con- fidence in the Presidency? 

• 1 turn now lo (he suggestion that contrary to good conser- vative doctrine, I liave propos- ed an "extra-constitutional" means of removing Mr. Nixon from Ibe Presidency. 

First of nil, it is sound con- 

 servative doctrine to avoid constitutional confrontations 

 when they serve no good, and where they may accomplish 
;x>sitive harm. 

I believe barm lias already 

 been inflicted on the institu- tion of tile Presidency both constitutionally ami in Ihe public's eye through Mr. Nix- on's Insistence in forcing the courts to liecidc questions affecting the limits ot ex- ecutive privilege. 

But more to the point. Sec- 

 tion 1 ot Article II of the Con- stitution niul the 25lb Amend- ment specifically contemplate the possibility that a President will resign. 

No. Ihcro is no con- 

 stitutional reason why a Presi- dent should not resign If sucli a slrp would serve the naiFoTtal 

 cumulative toss of fnith lhat bas eroded his credibility and moral authority; a loss that, in my judgment, is beyomT repair; 

But lei us go beyond my 

 answer. 

Those who fear the prcce 

 dent that would be cstablishet by a resignation in the prcscn case see the Presidency only in terms of stability: bur stability is not the only in grcdicnt o f . an effective 
Pre.sidcnty. 

Til ere must also be a 

 perceived integrity, and it is this that the Watergate affair has forfeited, 

I submit thai the integrity u 

 the of [ice Is as important as its stability, and th.it neither can long survive without tlic other 

Furthermore, when 

 speak ot tlic integrity of the of fice, the question of persona complicity in criinin.il or un ethical activities at some poin becomes irrelevant. 

Justice 

I .el me quote again from Ihe 

 statement made by P res idem 
Nixon when he announced the 
Haldeman anil Ehrlichman resignation: 

"For. the fact that allc-goi 

 improper actions took plac within the While House or w i t h i n my c a m p a i g n 

 organization, the casies course would be for me l< blame those to whom : delegated the responsibility t< run the campaign. 

But lhat would be a coward 

 ly thing to do. 

"I will not place the blnnn 

 mi subordinates — on peopl< whose zeal exceeded Itiei judgment, nnd who may hav> done wrong In a cause they deeply believe to be right. 

"In any organfznllnn, th 

 mrm at the top must bear in responsibility. That rcspon 

 sibility, therefore, belongs here, in this office. 1 accept it. 

"And I pledge'to you tonight, 

 from this office, that I will do everything In my power lo In- ure thai the guilty are rought to justice, and that ucb abuses are purged from ur political processes in the cars to come, long after I ave left this office." 
Since that time, the Presi' cnt has specifically denied cgal responsibility for the lleged crimes and other mis- eeds' associated with r'alergalc. 
The question naturally 

 rises: What other kinds of csponsibility are there? 
What the public'had longed or, what .his friend in 

Congress and elsewhere had 

 wailed, what all of us had teen promised and were en- itled to sec, was precisely hat kind of defense which had convincing attributes of can-.- lor rather than the measured, ihrases of the well schooled ind cautious lawyer. 
It was precisely thc- 

Vesident's failure, in the1 

 lubltc's eyes, to live up to his'- iromiRe lo do "everything in. 
Jiis) power to insure that the juilty are brought to justice." hat lias cost him, irrevocably, hat bond of institutional con-: idcnce between a President ind the people on which the 
' r e s i d e n c y u l t i m a t e l y depends. 

Ugly 

There Is another aspect of 

 the Watergate affair that I would like to touch upon; one that I have found to be as ugly as any other. 

I speak of the rabid 

 enthusiasm with winch some ot Richard Nixon's long-lime enemies. In politics and the press, have eagerly sought for their long-desired pound of flesh, 
In a matter that demands 

 the wisdom of Solomon, many in the media have adopted as their moral guide the malice of Horblock. 

Their attitude to Watergate 

 has been similar to the approach of Madame Defarge to the public executions in A 
Tale of Two Cities. 

They want justice to be dono 

 yos; but 
I cannot help but 

 suspect that they are Insisting on impeachment as the only way to resolve the Watergate affair because they do not wont to deprived of the spec* tacle of a public execution. 

As for Richard Nixon the 

 man, I can only say that to the extent it is possible for one human being to empathize with the plight of another, my heart goes out to him. I take no pleasure In his ordeal. 

Uut empathy for Richard 

Nixon the man has no power to solve n dilemma that already embraces not only the man but 
(he constitutional structure of the nalion. 

 it is not merely Nixon the 

 man whose reputation is in danger, but the dignity of tbo 
Presidential office Itself, 

Nor would resignation, as 

 some suggest, deprive the 
American people of knowledge as lo the President's personal 

'The man at the top must 

 bear responsibility' 

SUPERSHOPPER 

SHOCK FOR WIVES WHO GO 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

RICE — an important part of the daily diet of millions of Americans — has doubled in price since last spring. 

A Shortage of rice — caused by bad 

 weather, the truckers' strike, and increas- ed demand as consumers look for sub- stitutes for high-priced meat — all com- bined to boost prices. 

A U.S. Department of 

Agriculture survey of leading cities across the country showed the average retail price for a pound of rice jumped from 
25.3 cents in February last year to 51.8 cents in 
February this year. 

In New York City last 

 week, a three-pound box of long grain rice was selling at about $l,4d. The price in 
May, 1973, was 72 cents. 

Doubled 

The USDA survey show- 

 ed that wholesale prices of long-grain rice doubled in nearly all areas of the country In February, com- pared with the same month a year earlier, 
• In Boston rice jumped to 
52 cents a pound from 23.4 cents. 
• In Washington,'D.C., the price rose to-51.3 cents from 21.8 cents. 
• In Houston, the jump was from 25.6 cents to 54 cents. 

Climbed 

In 
Chicago and 
Northwest Indiana, rice 

THE 
GREAT 
RIO! 
RIP-OFT! 

 prices climbed to 47.9 cents from 23.4 cents. 
• In Los Angeles, the jump was from 25.8 cents to 55.7 cents. 
• In South West Louisiana, prices rose from 14.7 cents to 33.5 cents. 
• And in Seattle, they soared from 3o.4 to 64.6 cents. 

Even at the higher price, 

 however, there are ways housewives can make their rice go farther. 

Economical 

Most markets have a wide 

 selection of different types of rice and packaging. 

Large quantities of while 

 rice are available in poly bags of 1o pounds. 

The cost per pound is con- 

 similar rice in smaller con- tainers. 

 economical if the rice Is not used before itspoilsor if there is no proper place to slore il. 

The survey also showed lhal 

 medium-grain white rice was less expensive than the long 

 grain. There is no significant difference between the 

 varieties of white rice in nutritional value, but there is a difference in cooking quality. 

Cling 

The long-grain varieties 

 tend to remain apart when cooked, while the medium and short grain have a tendency to cling together. 

This makes the long-grain 

 types better suited for serving as a side dish with a sauce or gravy, and the medium and short, grain suitable for pud- dings, casseroles and molded dishes. 

When buying rice, savings 

 can be realized by purchasing rice suitable for the way it is going to be served. 

RESENTMENT is running high in Boston and other areas where the lowly bean is king. 

And little wonder, for the demand for 

 this once economical legume has blown its 
•price up more than 5oo percent. 

"Ail classes of dried beans are at un- 

 precedented highs," Charles Porter, who prepares the vegetable supply report for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, told 
•the National Star. 

"The strong demand for 

 other protein foods to replace moat has increased consump- tion of beans by some 4o million pounds a year," Purler explained. 

"People who never ate 

 beans before in their lives are eating them now. 

"Norrnally, U.S. consump- 

 tion is a.steady six pounds per person per year. But since last year, Americans have increas- ed their consumption of beans by 2/1o to 3/lOlhs ofapgund." 

Devaluations 

Two other factors combined 

 with the higher demand to create-the shortage which sent bean prices soaring, Porter said. 

First, the U.S. bean crop 

 was 7 percent lower in 1973 than in 1972 because two ma- jor bean-growing states, 
Michigan and Colorado, had a bad season. 

Second, two devaluations of 

 the U.S. dollar made our beans a very good buy on the world markets. And exports from 
Sept. 1 through Jan. 1, 1974 
(the dry bean marketing year runs from Sept. 1 to Aug. 3o) increased 24 percent over the p r e v i o u s period. That amounted to a quarter of the tola! U.S. crop. 

Here arc some of the 

USDA's figures on wholesale prices at the end of March, 

THE liiVIl 

BLOW-UP! 

 compared willi the same month last year: 

Michigan Navy pea beans, 6o 

 cents a pound last month, compared with 9 cents last 
March — up more than 5oo percent. 

Idaho Great Northern beans 

 leaped to 4714 cents a pound from 16 cents a year earlier. 

Colorado pinto bearis were 

61 cents wholesale at the end of last month — up morC'than 
545 percent from last year's price of S'A cents. 

California black-eyed pea's 

(which are really a bean) rose to 4o'A cents, from l&'A.ccnts. 

California red kidney beans 

 were 5oVz cents last month, compared with 28 cenU last year. 

The price consumers pay Is 

 even higher, of course. • 

In one northeast super- 

 market, kidney beans were 69 cents a pound: pintos and navy 
.beans 75 ccnts;black eyed peas 
65 cents and Great Northern beans o7 cents. 

Charles Porter estimates 

 thai retailors are charging prices up to 5o percent over the wholesale price. 

There is no relief in Sight, he 

 believes, until the new bean crop comes to market. 

"We expect the biggest bean 

 crop in history this year," he e x p l a i n e d . 

But peanuts you still get for peanuts 

THE peanut has come to the rescue of shoppers in the form of one shell of a bargain. 

. Right now, a record-breaking 

 supply of peanuts is available and the prices cannot be beaten. 

For the money you spend, the 

 peanut is one of the most valuable sources of protein. 

And all those peanuts or 

 goobers as the Southerners call 
'em have to go a long way, what with Americans eating an 

 average of more than six pounds per person a year. 

They also are a perfect 

 budget stretcher, because you pay a low price for their high energy supply and easy digestibility. 

Protein 

Compare the cost oi a ham- 

 burger with a peanut butter sandwich. 

Ground beef will cost about 

28 cents a serving, while the 

 same serving of peanut butter costs about V/i cents. 

Peanut butter is a plant pro- 

 tein and must be accompanied by an animal source protein such as milk to complete the protein action. 

So, even adding a glass of 

 milk at about 9 cents, it's still a bargain. 

Besides the protein, peanut 

 butter is also higher in some minerals and vitamins than beef. 

More than half the poanut 

 crop goes to make peanut 

 butter. But other peanut products like salted peanuts offer good taste and value, too. 

Shelled 

A pound of shelled peanuts In 

 a plastic bag costs about 85 cents and can be used in many ways. 

To make a protein-packed 

 salad, place a pear half on some lettuce and add a spoonful Of cottage cheese. Top it with olen- ty of chopped peanuts. 

And diamonds are still everyone's best friend 

WITH the stock market bobbing up and down like a yo-yo and inflation eating away at bank savings, smart investors are turn- ing to jewelry these days to make their money grow. 
The sparkling gain In 

 jewelry prices in recent years has been phenomenal. 

A 34-earat emerald ring was 

 auctioned last year for $385,- 
ooo — a 35 percent gain from, its selling price four years ago. 

And that Is not an un- 

 common acceleration in value. 

Some fine pieces of jewelry 

 have increased three to four 

 limes Uiclr original value in the past several years. 

One sure sign of the gem 

 boom Is the large number a! persons from wealthy in- dustrial nations who are flock- ing here to buy all the jewelry they can lay'their liands on. 

Climbing 

Famous auction houses s-jch 

 as Sothcby Pnrkc-Bcrnct and 
Christie's are doing a land of- fice business these days. 

When precious stones arc 

 mentioned, most people automatically think of diamonds. But climbing fastest In value these days arc 

Ihc three colored stones — rubies, emeralds and sapphires. 

The value of precious stone 

 depends on its rarity. And 
.there is no guarantee lhal someone won't discover a huge lode of emeralds, sapphires and diamonds 

 tomorrow, driving down their value. 

Traditionally, gem buying 

 lias been the province of tho wealthy. But jewelry stores arc seeing an increasing number of moderate Investors looking for one or two carat stones. 

With the jump in prices, 

 even the wealthy can't afford some of the supcrstoncs. Often now, several will band together !n a syndicate to buy n spectacular stone like the 

JOIN THE SUPERSHOPPERS 

HERE'S an easy way to make money while helping others to save. Just send us your suggestion on now homemakers can cut costs. We will pay $2 for each money-saving hint w« use, Write to Supershopper, 
National Star. 73o Third Av».. New York, N.Y. 1oo17. 

55.91 carat blue white diamond which sold a few years ago for 
$BOO.OOO. 

Jewelry is also easy to sell. 

Major cities have auction houses and the commission Is nominal considering the prospecls of increased value. 

And gems are almost In- 

 destructible. 

In World War II, the London 

 branch of Van Clccf Si Arpela was wrecked by a direct bomb hit. The firm's safe was burn- ed and the papers Inside were in ashes, bul the gems were perfect. 

Now here arc some lips on 

 buying precious stones: 

Don't look for a bargain. In 

 today's gem market then' .-re none. 

Select a jewelry with an Im- 

 peccable reputation. 

Forgot about the setting ond 

 tiny side stones. They have no resale value. 

Profit 

Given the choice between a 

 large stone with several (taws and a smaller one that Is near perfect, take the smaller stone. 

Remember, you're In Uil3 

 for the long term so II will lake time to nuikc a profit. 

Always buy stones a carat 

 or larger. 

SPECIALIST LASHES THE 

CURE' 

DOCTORS 

TjlENATIONM.6TAHArnll,M.1M4 PAGE 17 

THE SCANDAL of the "don't care" doctors who ignore their patients' allergies until they develop into something more serious, was .attacked this week. 

Specialist Dr. Herman Hirschfeld claimed: "A lot of doctors 

 don't know enough, or care, to treat allergies." 
' 

About two-thirds of Americans suffer 

 some sort of allergy ranging from hay fever to migraine .. but both they and 

 their physicians often ig- nore the symptoms. 

Sometimes the doctor's un- 

 willingness to treat Ihe patient is due to ignorance, but often it's because he doesn't want to lose his patjent and money — by referring him to a s p e c i a l i s t , claims Dr. 
Hirschfeld. 

Left, untreated, allergies 

 can become aggravated and sometimes debilitating. But under proper treatment they can be cured or controlled. 

Even the asthma sufferer 

 can get relief with a new spray, developed in 'Britain, called Arrane. 
, "Bui. like mosl of the readily available treatments," said 
Dr. Hirschfeld. "lew patients 
.will f i n d their doctors knowledgablo or concerned about their ailment. 

"That's especially true of 

 the ear, nose and throat man. 
He may sec hay fever, but doesn't treat it. As a rule, he's 

'""' 
JU>tlly 

The result is that hay fever 

 can develop into asthma. 

Dr. Hirschfeld, the founder 

 and director of the Allergy 
Testing Laboratory in New 
York, runs a battery of nearly 
1oo allergy tests in one visit for about $ 5o. 

"Doctors, including some 

 allergists, can stretch their tests to $3oo. It's hard lo justify that when we do it all in one sitting," he said. 

But Dr. Hirschfeld said the 

 picture is changing. 

Allergy treatment often in- 

 volves itinoculation and tbe 
Allergy Testing Laboratory has most of its patients referred by conscientious doc- tors.'- 

"We send the patients back 

 to their .own doctor with a schedule of treatment," he said. 
Dr. Illrschfeld, who's been 

 running the lab for 2o year: 

-By- 

CASS VANZI 

 ind Is an author of several x»ks on the subject, said mis- nformation is at Ihe core of he treatment problem. 
Allergy victims often elieve they will "outgrow" heir disease and doctors wrongly claim a patient is too 
-oung to be treated. 

"The truth is, Ihe younger 

 we gel them, the belter their chances." said Dr. Hirschfeld. 

If a person is allergic to 

:ome types of food, they are denlified and eliminated from he diet. 

All«rgy 

Dr. Hirschfeld recommends 

 that patients allergic to animal hair or saliva remove their pets from the home but adds that patients can be 
"desensitized." 

Some people are allergic to 

 chemicals found on their job, medicines, cosmetics or dust. 

"It may be a pharmacist 

 allergic to penicillin. We try to transfer him to another department or maybe get him to wear gloves and a mask," he said. 

Many allergies have an in- 

 cubation period that ranges from a week to 2o years. 

Allergy is also one of the 

 causes of migraine headaches, he said. 

 the Star is 
WONDERFUL 

I 
WOULD Ilka to con- 

 gratulate The Star lor be- ing §uch a supor news papor. I really enjoy th« articles and the putzlei. 

1 can'l find any bettor 

 way to ipend 25' 

Jim Cram 
Springfield, Vermont 

GLAD TO HAVE 
YOU WITH US 

BOOM-TIME FOR 
A SECRET SPORT 

COCKFIGHTING is quietly flourishing as an un- derground sport in New York. And the reason is its popularity among the city's one million-plus Puerto 
Rican residents. 

The sport Is legal In their 

 home country. Every town and city has its own official cockpit. Large crowds attend the fights every Sunday, wagering an nnmi.il $2o million on the hatlling birds. 

OKAY you guys ... no prizes for laying the finger on these two zany gangsters. 
You'd just die laughing. 

That's Cairo Fred (alias Omar Sharif male 

Ing Mi TV debut) on the led. His partner, who soems about to shoot his own foot, is 

 tho notorious Big Dutch {alias Poter 

And you can sea them In tho crazy ex- 

 ploits on Glon Campbell's third TV spccla of tho soason — Tho Campbells Affl Coming 
- May 1o on NDC. 

Tho two villains tako on tho bralnsof 

Scotland Yard's police force in a skit on ono of Ihe great British gangster cases. 

But |ust to make suro there's fair play. 

Sellers pops up in another rolo — that of aco crook catcher Inspector Tom length. 

It all sounds frightfully British, don't you 

 know! 

The illegal cockfights In 

New York may take place in a basement, an empty 

 warehouse, or an unused ballroom. 

The most recent cockfight 

 raid In New York took place last month In tho William- sburg section of Brooklyn. Fif- ty spectators wore arrested and 13 birds confiscated. 

Spectators tire fined for IV 

 legal gambling. The rooster owners get sllffcr fines (or violation of animal cruelty laws. 

But the birds suffer worst. 

They are donated to charitable orgnnlznllons and wind up on dining room tables. 

MORE SUPER 

STAR 
CONTEST 

WINNERS 

WINNER of |hc Tiffany Conk- it [9 
Catherine Volpc. ol Wdcolt. Connec- ticut. Tin: augers to Ihe conleit are: 
J.iniut v-Ga rnel : Febtua ry-Anic ihyit; 
Ma rch- Aqua mat] re ; 
A pm- Di a mor.d ; 

May-Emcraldi Jcne-Moooslone: July- 
Huby: Augusl-SatJoayr: September- 
Sapphire i October-Opal: November* 

 j 
, 

Winner of ll>« Taraan Tree House 

Contest Is Michael Clclcr. F«r 
Roekaway, Mew York. 

Win n rrs of iho Tony o e Franco 

Famous Teens Contest arc Donnlo 
Moore. Unofca Harbor. NJ.; Cynthia 
Loo. Ontario. CarUKta: Ix>rl Fcmandcs. 
\Vhll& River Jet., Vermont; Christina 
Scar pone. SaddlcbroaV, N.J.; Lotl 
DUko. Patcnogue. N.Y.; Heather 
Woiklru. Far KocVaway, N.Y.: Judy 
SalvBtore, Hansomvlltfr, NA'.i Chris 
H!taVI». Burnham, Pa.: Glni Cumin!. 
Greenville. P« ; Th.crcsa Lchecka, N. 
Shirley, New York. Tho answer were: 
Ol R» 
Kor Let-Gymnastics; David 

Willii mi-Sing In g: Chris Evcrl-Tcnnls; 
Scot Jacoby-Acllng; Mlctud Jackson* 
Sinking. 

TllENATIONALSTARAPRtLN.mi 

Order an eight-month subscription to 

Moneysworth, the shrewd, authoritative fortnightly that tells you how to get the most for your money, and we'll send you absolutely free a copy of the 496 page, quarter-of-a-milllon-word 
Moncysuiorlh 

Consumer Encyclopedia, tlic definitive consumer buying guide. 

How much does a subscription to Mon- 

 eysworth cost? Incredibly, ONLY$2.99!! 

In case you've never seen the Moneys- 

 worth Consumer Encyclopedia (also pub- lished as "Consumers All"), it is the funda- 

• mental reference work on personal fi- 

 nance. Its chief feature, like that of all consumer buying guides, is, of course, tell- ing you how to get the most for your money- in buying appliances, hi-fi's, fur- niture and automobiles. 

The volume also reveals how to obtain 

 free mcdlcnl services, cut your food bill, locate a house that will appreciate in value, get mortgage money cheaply, reduce your electric bill, plan unforgettable vacations that cost next to nothing and buy just the right kinds of insurance (auto, theft, fire and life) in just the proper amounts. 

Listen to these raves from critics about 

 the text upon which this work is based: 

The Wall Street Journal: "Want to 

 know how to replace a zipper, lose weight, save money on food, choose the right edu- cational toy? How to build a patio, wire a garage, get rid of crabgrass? If you do, beat a path to this how-to book covering just about every practical question you can think of relating to food, clothing and shel- ter." Lady Bird Johnson: "I should have had a copy of this book when I started housekeeping; it is indeed the most re- markable compilation of information be- tween two covers, a regular encyclopedia, and I believe it will become a handbook in every American home." Parade: "A must for every household." The 
Washington 

Star: "Heads like a letter from a wise old uncle and covers just about everything but choosing a mate." The Washington I'ost: 
"A handy-dandy guide bulging with tips on everything from dog bites to a working wife." Associated Press: "An all-knowing almanac." federal Times: "A standard ref- erence book for tho homemaker and handyman." The New Yor/i Times: "Packs 
Into 496 pages thousands of how-to-do-it facts for everyday living." Other critics have rhapsodized as follows: "It's-a gold mine of savvy advice." "A do-it-yourself bible." "Crammed with advice from furni- ture finishing to child care." "Written by some of our best brains in research." 

The Moneysworth Consumer Encyclo- 

 pedia is mammoth both in size and scope. 
It consists of 496 double-column pages and over a quarter of a million words of hard- to-come-by information and sage advice. 
The work is divided into one hundred and forty chapters and subchapters, and its in- dex alone occupies eight pages and con- tains two thousand, four hundred entries. 
The text is supplemented by illustrations, floor plans, botanical drawings, menus, charts, maps, caiorie tables and so on. 

Contributors to this historic work in- 

 clude one hundred and thirty-lhrec top experts in the field of consumer affairs. 
Among them are the Surgeon General of the United States, Secretary of Agricul- ture, heads of over 2o schools of home economics of leading universities, high- echelon officials of consumer-protection agencies (like the Food and Drug Adminis- tration) and renowned chemists, nutrition- ists, biologists, architects, economists, etc., etc., etc. Together they constitute the most formidable think tank of experts ever assembled in behalf of the consumer. 

To repeat, you may obtain a copy of 

 this' invaluable, unprecedented work sim- ply by entering a subscription to Moneys- worth—at the ridiculously low price of 
ONLY $2.99!! 

In case you're not familiar with Mon- 

 eysworth, let us explain that it is (as New 
York critic Robert Reisner has stated) "By far, America's most trustworthy and useful consumer publication." It rates products as to best buys (asamong cars, eamcrasand the like); !t offers tips on how to save money (they will astound you with their ingenuity); and it counsels you on manage- ment of your personal finances (telling not only how to reap maximum returns on your savings but also how to fight infla- tion). Moneysworth is the most widely read periodical of its kind in the world, with nearly one million readers. 

Here are the kinds of articles it prints: 

Cars that Are Stingiest with Gas 
How to Earn Up to 12W%on Your Savings 
Air(Travelat5o%Off 
Low-Cost Life Insurance for Non-Smokers 
How to Save 2o%on Your Food Bill 
Pantyhose that Won't Let You Down 
Professional Sex Counseling, $oo Per Hour 
No-Fault Typewriter: An Evaluation of 
IBM's New Correcting Selectric 
How to Collect from Both Blue Cross and 
Commercial Health Insurance 

American Youth Hostels: Vacationing for a Pittance 
How Much lo Pay for the Most-Frequent- ly-Prescribed Drugs 
How J. Paul Getty, Mrs. Nelson Rockefel- ler, Lawrence Welk, and Other Celebrities 
Practice Thrift 
The ABC's of Buying Vitamins 
How to Get Dental Work Done Cheaply 
Overseas 
14 Ways to Save on Your Phone Bill 
When a Negligence Lawyer Can Make 
Money for You (By Melvin Belli) 
How to Wheel and Deal for a New Bike 
Home Burglar-Alarms that Are a Steal 
Outsmarting the Insurance Adjuster 
Scholarships that Go Begging 
Stoves that AreaTum-On: Product Rating 
A Gourmet's Guide to Free Cookbooks 
Dishwashers that Cut the Mustard 
The Art of Padding Your Expense Account 
Cheap Skates 
"How We Live on $75 a Month" 
Hair Dryers that Won't Burn You 
Dog Foods Fit for King 
How to Pare Doctor Bills to the Bone 
Sewing Machines that Seam Fine 
The Card that Gives You Credit for Paying 
Cash 
* b 

Telephone-Answering 
Machines that 

Won't Hang You Up 
How to Sue without a Lawyer 
Treasury Bonds for the Small Investor 
How to Cash in on TV Game Shows 
How Politicians Avoid Income Taxes 

In short, Moneysworth is an ever- 

 ready, up-to.lhe-minute source of consu- mer intelligence. It's your trusty aide-de- camp in the battle of the marketplace. 

The editors of Moneysworth are a team 

 of hard-nosed, experienced journalists with considerable expertise in the fields of consumer affairs and quality periodical publishing. The publisher is Ralph Ginz- burg, creator of the classic magazines Eros and 
Avant-Garde (Mr. Ginzburg was 

 among the first to provide Ralph Nader with a medium through which to express himself on auto safety). Moneysworth's editor-in-chief is Betty Fier, formerly of 
Fact. The art director of Moneysworth !s 
Herb Lubatin, the world's foremost graph- ic designer. Radiating from this nucleus of editorial energy are reporters, researchers, product-testers and consultants through- out the United States. Together they cre- ate America's first—and only—consumer periodical with charisma. 

Moneysworth is available by subscrip- 

 tion only. The cost of an eight-month subscription, again, is—incredibly—ONLY 
$2.39! And you gctT/ie Consumer Ency- clopedic, ABSOLUTELY FREEH 

What's more, we're so confident that 

Moneysworth and the Consumer Encyclo- pedia will prove indispensable to you that we offer them with what is probably the most generous money-back guarantee in publishing history: We absolutely and un- conditionally guarantee that Moneys- 

 worth—in combination with the Moneys- worlli 
Consumer 
Encyclopedia—will 

 increase the purchasing power of your In- come by at least 15% or you get your money back IN FULL. In other words, if you now earn $1o,ooo a year, we guaran- tee that Moneysworth and the encyclo- pedia will Increase the value of your In- come by at least ?/,5oo-or we'll refund your money. Meanwhile, you will have en- joyed a subscription to Moneysworlh 
ABSOLUTELY FREE and you may keep the encyclopedia WITH OUR COMPLI- 
MENTS!! What could be more foolproof? 

To enter your subscription and receive 

 your free copy of the Moneysworth Con- sumer Encyclopedia, simply fill out the coupon below and mall it with $2.99 to: 
Moneysworth, 251 W. 57th St., New York 
N.Y. 1oo19. 

Act immediately. To pass up this un- 

 precedented bargain would be madness. 

1 enclose $2.99 for an eight-month subscription to Moneysworth, Iheauthori- tative consumer fortnightly. As a Special Introductory Bonus, 1 will receive 
ABSOLUTELY FREE a copy of the monumental, .1'JG-paRe Moneysworth 
Consumer Encyclopedia. If Moneysworth and the encyclopedia do not 
Increase the purchasing power of my income by at least 15% 1 will ret mv money back IN FULL! 
'' 
* 

 mmt 
™ ^——Hm mmmmmmm mmmmmmm 

• 
MONEYSWORTH, 251 WEST 57TH STREET, NEW YORK, N.Y. 1oo19 

III 
III 

IIIIIII 

L 

" - • o 11\ i c. 
-^ip 
~~ 
Wmw 

^^^y^^^i!^^^^ ^^^ ^^^ mmmmmmi mm-—. 
^®* 
I 

, 
BONUS OFFER: Check this boxD, enclose $5, and get Iheencyclo- 

 pcdia PLUS a who.lo year of Moneysworth AND a copy of the invaluable 
Moneysworth booklet that all of America is talking about, "Stake Your 
Claim! How to Work the Social Security Gold Mine." 

Love at first sight is just an electric shock 

IF THAT pretty girl is giv- ing you a light-headed lovs-at-first-sight feeling, beware.. .you're probably in a state of shock. 

Cupid has nothing to do 

 with it, according to a new scientific theory. 

For that loveslruck look 

Is simply the result of an electric shock in the brain, caused by millions of nerve cells, or neurons. 

The n e u r o n s f o r m 

 electrical circuits in the brain and control its func- tions, spys Dr. Eugene 
Roberts, director of neuroscionce al llic City of 
Hope Medical Center in 
Los Angeles. 

Each circuit has a "boss 

 neuron" which acts like a switch when the brain is stimulated. 

Slgnala 

Any number of sensory 

 experiences can start the nerve cells f l a s h i n g 
. . .smells, tactile feelings, or the sight of a pretty girl across a crowded room. 

Dr. Roberts said that 

 lovo c i r c u i t s arc 

 programmed through 

 heredity or experience. 

 lie toll! the Star: "Aflcr 

 all, it the shape of your nose is similar to your parents,' why shouldn't your nervous system be similar too? 

Dr. Roberts said that 

 many people fall in love when their lovo circuits — possibly pre-set years 

 earlier — are released by signals caught by the senses. 

"The c i r c u i t 

 automatically goes, and the resulting chemical and electrical activity is love." 

Anger 

The same process 

 happens w i t h oilier emotions. 

A sight, a sound, smelt or 

 action can set off anger. 

"The pre-programmed 

 circuits switch on, and the result Is an unrestrained explosion of anger," he said. 

Hate Is another pre- 

 programmed emotion which can leap Into ex- istence -through no willingness on the part of the person concerned. 

Dr. Roberts fashioned 

Ills Ideas on h u m a n behavior after he attend- ed a meeting on spill per- sonality. 

"I thought a b o u t 

 developing n model of the human brain so 1 could study Hie effects of menial illness." he said. 

"From that came these 

 ideas about the neurons. 
The circuits formed by the neurons develop before birth or during a person's childhood." 

Tilt; NATION*!.STAR APHILM. IHH PACK 19 
^^_ 
^^—^ mi. Liniiu.indainn n* duuiv. ivn > ti«- 

'SWAP' GIRI TELLS 

OF DUAL LIFE 

NANCY Weber found the 

 new life strange. 

TWO WOMEN, total strangers to each other, swapped their iden- tities, homes and lives for one week in an attempt to "get out of their skins." 

The Idea began when 31-year-old 

Nancy Weber, a writer who lives in New York's Greenwich Village, 

By STAR REPORTER 

 decided she was bored with her bachelor-girl existence. On an im- pulse she ran an ad in a newspaper- 
It read: 

"Let's swap lives, Woman 

 writer will exchange her life for 

 yours for . a month. . .can offer small apartment with fireplace and courtyard. . .I'll do your work, adore your family. Why? I want to know if people can get out of their skins." 

Nancy soon got 3o replies. "One 

 of them was from a woman by the 

 name of Mickey, who sounded interesting," said 
Nancy. 

"She was my age and had 

 the same background and s t h o o l i h g . She was a sociologist, the wife of a New 
York language teacher, and lived on the upper West Side of 
Manhattan." 

The two women met, talked 

 the novel idea over lunch and then agreed to swap lives. 

Said Nancy: "We exchanged 

 everything — handbags, 
ID cards, drivers' licenses, clothes,' jewelry and, of course, the keys to our homea. 

Husband 

"I provided her with a list of 

 my friends told her where I shopped, where I like to eat and what my favorite foods and drinks were." 

Friends of both women were 

 lot in on the secret and agreed to cooperate — Including 
Mickey's best friend, her husband. 

"That was actually the 

 easiest part of the exchange," said Nancy. 

"He was very nice and we 

 got along well. He thought the 
Idea was just groat." 

Nancy moved In with him 

 just as if they had been married for five years — as 
Mickey had been. 

As part of the experiment, 

 each woman tried to adopt the other's habits. 

"I ale the same food Mickey 

 did,1' said Nancy." 1 even slopped smoking and oddly enough that wasn't too tough. 

Spot* 

"The strangest things began 

 to happen. I began to acquire 
Mickey's physical traits and she m i n e . Mickey got headaches and broke out in spols, jusl like I do. And I developed all her allergies." 

For her part, Mickey found 

 that Nancy's bachelor life wasn't us swinging as she had hoped. For example, she went to Nancy's favorite Village bar, had Nancy's favorite Irish whisky and almost choked on it. 

The experiment was to have 

 lasted a month but both women decided after a week 
Ihcy wanted to gel back Inlo their own skins. 

Who's a pretty girl, then? 

THIS RARE bird's-eye-view of nclrcss Cornelia Sharpc. 24, was taken at her Manhattan penthouse where she minds her pet parakeet and tends her rooftop garden. 

W h e n not doing her 

 penthouse chores, Cornelia Is busy pursuing an acting and dancing career. She was last seen as Leslie In the screen lilt 
Serplco. 

Off screen, (ho tall, hazel- 

 eyed beauty Is rarely seen because.as site says,"I'm a bit of a stay-al-hotnc." 

It's a shame because we're 

 sure bird watchers would like to see more of her. 

'CZAR ESCAPED' STAYS 
DOCUMENTS held by 
American and British, authorities prove that Czar 
Nicholas and his family were not assassinated in 
1918, says an American businessman. 

The documents also show 

 that the Russian royal family escaped to Ihe west and that two of the children found sane- luary In the United State's, said Peter Bosscll. a former 

RIDDLE 
British member of Parliament who now lives in New York. 

Ho says that among the 

 documents Is n loiter, dated 
July. 1919, from Lord Har- dingo of the British Foreign 
Office to King George V detailing the escape route of the Romanovs. 

Jeremy Thorpe, leader of 

 the British Liberal Party and a friend of Bcsscll. is working to uncover Ihe letter. Both men say if the U.S. and British governments were to publish nil the malqrlal they have on the escape, It would clear up one of history's biggest puzzles. 

The Soviet government has 

 steadfastly denied the escape theory, contending the Czar, his wife, Alexandria and their children were all assassinated 
In Siberia on July 16. 191ft 

PAG E 2o WE NATIONAL STAR APRIL 2o.1SH 
Im scared to tell him my real age 

DEAR AUNT MEG: I am 
36 and in love with a wonderful guy who is 27. 
1 look years younger than he, 

6o 1 haven't told him my true age. 

Last month he proposed and 

 now I am terribly worried 
About telling him Hie truth. 

1 told htm I would give him 

 my answer atter Easter. 
Should I come clean? 

Eilher 

Towion, Md. 

DEAR ESTHER: 1 would tell him the truth. 

You would feel even more un- 

 comfortable, if you went into marriage with this hanging over your head. He did not fall in love with you because you look young. 

One more thought He may • 

 very well know you are older than fie is and out of consideration for you has not mentioned it. 

CAN A BRUSHOFF 
EVER BE 
KIND? 

DISH it up with kindness or decorate it with flowers, a brushoff is always a brushoff. 

For all but the very insensitive, breaking the 

 news that our feelings have changed is a heart- rending job. But it must be done to save even further heartbreak. 

Some people never find ilie courage to do It 

 and end up married because wedding plans were complete or they were afraid of family dis- approval. 

How much kinder it is to 

 tell the truth! 

So many people have 

 written to me saying: "I knew before we married it was a mistake." 

Mess 

Avoid at all cost a situa- 

 tion like this one from Art 
.of Richmond, Va.: 

DEAR AUNT MEG: My life is a mess and it's all my fault. 

Janet and I were 

 married when we were both 18 and we have done nothing but fight ever since. 

I had my doubts before 

 the wedding but I didn't have the nefve to tell her because her parents had gone to great expense to plan a formal wedding. 
Now I am sorry and so is she. 

Meg, please print this so 

 that any young people who are u n s u r e of their relationships can learn from my experience. 

We are sticking together 

 for the sake of our young child but our marriage is a sham. 

DEAR ART: Your leller herewith printed. And thanks a minion! 
B| NOW tell me, readers: 
"• How do you think a brushoff should be handled? And 
What ways have you used to do 
It? I'll pay $2 for every letter 

 published on this subject. Write to: Aunt Meg.Brusnoff, National 
Star, 73o Third Ave., New York, 
N.Y. 1oo17. 
DEAR AUNT MEG; '.'I'm beginning to think life Isn't worth living. I'm 15 and feel sail all the time. 

Sometimes while watching 

TV I go into a daze and then feel like crying. 1 have lots of secret thoughts in my head and nobody understands me. 
Please help. 

Johnny, 

North Colling, N.Y. 

DEAR JOHNNY: I'll help on ono conditon: Get away from that TV set and put your mind on a hob- by, or better, your school work! 

Idleness breeds depression 

 and you are too young for that bag. Growing up has its rough times but they always pass. 

Don't give in to your feelings. 

DEAR AUNT MEG: I am a 15- year-old girl and my problem is that I tend to make friends with boys instead of girls. At 
School and in church I have mare boyfriends than 

 girlfriends. Please tell me how to handle this situation because many girls don't like me' 
E».l»n 

Ravinna, Ohio 

BEAR EVaYN: You think you have a problem? Most girls wouldn't call it that! 

Try to spread yourself around 

 and cut down on the boyfriends for a while. Then your girlfriends should come around. 

IS THERE ANY FUTURE 

WITCHCRAFT? 

DEAR AUNT MEG: I am 
18. My parents want me to go to college and ask what I want for my future. 

Really, 1 want to be a 

 warlock but I'm afraid to tell them. Witchcraft has always fascinated me. Is this crazy? 
Is there honest money in it? 

K.vln 

Jtrsay Clly 

DEAR KEVIN: Sorcery has its followers In unfulfilled people 

 who often have no other place to 
(urn. I don't see much of a future in it and, if you want honest money it isn't the answer. 

DEAR AUNT MEG: My husband and I Iiave both been married before. When we returned from our honeymoon and moved 
Into our 

 apartment, he brought out a 

 framed portrait of his ex-wife and put it on his dresser. I was thunderstruck. 

When 1 asked him about It, 

 he said: "She is still the mother of my children." Meg, 
1 know for a fact they fought like cats and dogs. Why is he. doing this? 
Silly 

Co« Cob, Conn. 

DEAR SALLY: I can't tell you why he's doing it. But I'd let him know 
In a hurry how I left about it. 

Tell him you aru hurt, and 

 suggest a picture of his children 
Instead. He should understand. 

CAN AUNT MEG 
HELP YOU? 

IF you've got a problem, why not let Aunt Meg help you. Simply write: Aunt Meg, National Star, 
73o Third Ave, New York, N.Y. 
1oo17. 

DEAR AUNT MEG: I have never seen my husband's paycheck and have no idea what he earns, 

Our four children get a 

 weekly allowance and I get just enough to buy food and shoes, lie pays all the bills. 

I am tired of begging for 

 the extra dollar. I make my own clothes and most of the children's. My hus- band says it's up to him to give the money out as lie sees fit. Is this right? 

Sue D. 

Balllmora, Ma. 

DEAR SUE: A wife who care: for the house and children is entitled to an allowance and you can toll 
Mr. Moneybags I said so. 

It will be difficult trying to get 

 him to change his ways, but it's worth a try. 

I suggest you write out a 

 budget, including sufficient funds for personal extras and present it to him. Ask him to let you try it for one week. 

When he sees you can do it 

 without his supervision, ha should come around. 

"Young manl You know it'i not nice to painII" 

"That's not what was prescribed for a patient with my symptoms by Marcus Welby." 

"All that heavenly coffee Is 

 staining your teeth, Reverend." 

"Ladles and gentlemen of th» jury, t ask you, does my cHent look like the type of man who would deliberately start fires?" 

"I warned you about over-doing 

 that diet of yours, Daphne." 

"Honeymoon? I've got a women's lib meeting In half an hour." 

O 

"Another nice thing about being king — I can invoke executive privileges anytime I want." 

"Ho hasn't been out since 

 ho got color TV." 

Million dollar bride! 

NOW BARONET'S 
NEW WIFE MUST 
PRODUCE A SON 
BARONET Sir John Waller, 56, .has married a girl who could maka him $1.2 million richer. 

All that blondo bride Anne Mileham 

 has to do Is produce a son. 

"Given time for practice, we are hop- 

Ing for a New Year baby," said Sir John after his church wedding in London. 

A cousin left him the cash 12 years 

 ago, on condition ha had a male heir. 

Since then, he has had to make ends 

 meet on the $16,ooo-a- year interest. 

"I have a 5o-5o chance of 

 having a son first time," said 
Sir John. 

And he joked: "These 

 things usually lake about 

 nine months." 

His 3o year-old bride 

 added: "Wo can oniy try." 

Anne, who works in-adver- 

 tising, chose a Gatsby-slylo outfit for her wedding at St. 
Brides church in the Cily of 
London. 

"I think she looked lovoly," 

 said Sir John.who is a writer and poet.' 

Trust 

THE NATIONAL STAH APRIL K. UtH PAGE 21 

HIPPIE COPS HUNT 

END WHO 
LLED 11 

His Inherilance'camo In a 

 trust fund loll by Lady Violet 
Waller, widow of her fifth baronet. 

She stipulated that he 

 should receive the capital only if ho produced a son who reached Urn age of -1o. 

Ten years ago Sir John 

 proposed to 2o year-old singer Brigitte Bond. 

Then he found out that tho 

 striking redhead had un- dergone a sex-chango operation. 

Later he had a romance 

 with a girl who had a twin sister. 

But he was put off that 

 choice "because rny mother told me that twins could not have children." 

Hs met Anno three years 

 ago while still a bachelor and popped tho question last 
November. 

And he made It clear that 

It Is Anne he wants-not the 
$1.2 million. 

The couple are now living 

 at Sir John's home just out- side London. They plan to honeymoon later in tho year. 

As the couple drove off 

 from the church In a sparkling white Rolls-Royce, Sir John said: "I am a very happy man." 

By MICHAEL MOK 

AN INVISIBLE army of undercover cops — the Zebra'Detail — Is working around the, clock to trap a maniac killer who has brought terror to a city's streets. 
.' 

Their quarry has slain II people since 

November —-each time using a .32 automatic. 

Now police in San Francisco have launched 

 an extraordinary manhunt putting the cream of their undercover men on tlie streets in way-out disguises in a desperate effort to dig 

• 
- 
Up a iead. But so far the 
Tien from Zebra Detail lave drawn a blank. 

THEY have toured Halght- 

A.shbury wearing love beads and sandals. 

THEY have been disguised 

 as derelicts, recking of red wine, down Mission Street. 

THEY have sli own up on tho 

 waterfront dressed like fishermen or merchant sailors. 

"It's the damndest case," 

 admitted Inspector Gus 
Coreris of homicide. "We've gotten no feedback from the streets whatsoever." 

The most recent victim was 

Thomas Rainwater, 19, a 
Salvation Army cadet who was hit in the base ol the spine by two .32 caliber slugs. 

Reward 

His killer struck April i;. 

 walking up behind Rainwater ' as he stood talking at a San 
Francisco bus stop to another cadet, Linda Story, 21. 

She was shot three times in 

 the chest, but Is now off the danger list. 

Inspector Coreris said: 

"There's a $2o,ooo reward out 
— 55,ooo of It put up by an anonymous donor who just wants to see lite streets safo again, 

"Dut even our best sloolles 

— the ones we've had In places for years — are coming up empty." 

PANTIES KEPT 
FOR POSTERITY 
WOMEN'S panties arc going down In hlstgry. Town officials at Stoke-on-Trent, England, want to exhibit them at a museum In 3o years time to show people tlie brief fashions of the sixties and seventies. 

Women are also being asked 

 to donate bras, bikinis and mini skirts. 

Trade Center is 

STOP YOUR 
NAGGING! 

WOMEN who can't slop nagg- ing their husbands should leave them — tlien they'd find out what nice guys they really are. 

They would also discover 

 that hubby tins qualities that compensate for his faults, ac- cording to psychiatrist Dr. 
Rcnalus liar togs In a new book, Questions Women Ask 
(Hawthorn). 

 lie says wives usually nng 

 because they are fighting against feelings of Inadequacy 

. and v((;akn.C5S.. . . . . . 
. 

WORKERS on the lop floor of New York's tallest blocks, the World Trade 
Center, are getting cold feet . .. they say the buildings sway in the wind. 

"It's scary," said one girl 

 secretary. "You can hear Uio structure crcakinc." 

Tlie Center's architect, J. 

Solomon, admits the buildings sway, but says: "There's nothing to worry about. 

PartnlU 

"They could move. 1oo feet 

 without dnninge, except to the furniture. Tlio slcel Is struc- tured to handle II. 

"If they didn't move with 

 tho wind they might break In half." 
The building was not made 

 to conform to Ilio city building code because It Is owned by the Port A u t h o r i t y , s.n 

I moving 

 autonomous body. 

No building permits were re; 

 quired ami no city inspectors checked Uie structures as they went up. 

Tho Port Authority does not 

 have to abide i>y Fire Depart- ment regulations, but legisla- tion is being introduced to change this soon. 

Occasionally structures 

 sway .. . with disastrous results. 

Some years ago, a suspen- 

 sion bridge In Tacoma, Wash., began moving during a cyciono. 

TV camera* recorded its 

 last compulsive movement before It plunged Into Pugct 
Sound, carrying with It motorists trapped in Ihclr autos. 
- 
. . . . . . . . 

Bar is blamed in crash horror 

A BAR has been ordered to pay $2oo,- 
ooo to a child whose parents died in a crash with a drunk driver. 

A 
California 

Superior Court jury decided the bar was liable for damages done by the driver because they served him when tie was drunk. 

But the ruling has 

 been appealed by the former owners ol the bar In Ventura, Calif, 

They claim the 

 driver, Eugene Shupe. 
63, had been served . by two other- bars. • • • 

BUILD YOUR OWN 

RACE CAR 

THERE'S a new hobby for do- it-yourselfers — build your own racing cars 

With a little know-how ,in<! 

 lots of energy, a racing fan can build his own sleek car in about 2oo hours. 

The high-performanco 

Plymoulh Duster kit sells for 
$8,ooo — about half the cost of the assembled version: 

Hobby 

It Was designed primarily 

 for small tracks, "for guys who like to race every night of tho week," snld a Chrysler 
.spokesman. 

The do-U-yoursolf about kit 

Includes everything except tires and fuel. Special fluids nre Included and the kit Is designed to fit together like a 
Jigsaw puzzle. 

Whil hile It may not (It Into a 

Christmas stocking, the kit presents a now form of hobby 

 that could replace tlie plastic car model. 

So far it has gotten off to a 

 good start with the purchase of six kits by racing fans In 
Detroit, Ontario, Nebraska, 
Mexico, Ohio and Mnlne. 

The Star is 
TERRIFIC 

YOUR National Star Is terrific; and I can't wait (or the n»t 
Issut. Keep up th« good work, 

Kithryn M«d«uit, 

Niwfon milt, Ohio 

GLAD TO HAVE 
YOU WITH US 

_PAGE 22 TllENATTONAlSTAn. ATOILM. 197( 

GET tP-KNow YOUR FAVORITE TV STARS INTIMATELY WITH THE. TURNED-QN STAR. 

By BOB MALLORY 

YOU can have your situation com- edies, your cops-and robbers shows and your doctor shows. 

For me, there's nothing more ex- 

 citing or eye-catching than the animal programs that are on every week. 

The best of these are Safari To 

Adventure and Animal World. Both are hosted b'y Bill Burrud, a man who seems genuinely fond of wild beasts. 

It's not Just a job to him 

 when he reports on a fami- ly of gorillas. He's enthusiastic and com- municates that feeling. 

In addition to being fan- 

 tastically Interesting, 
Burrud's animal programs are highly educational. They are ideal for youngsters 

Fault 

Julie Andrews and DicK Van Dyke on set. 

Watching is best when it's beastly 

Not only are Burrud's 

 programs always of high caliber, but the commercials by Kal-Kan, a cat food, are simply marvelous and are the 

 by far on icst blurbs television. 

Another excellent animal 

TV series is Wild, Wild World of Animals, narrated by 
William Conrad better known as Cannon. 

His mellifluous voice adds 

 something to the action.But, unlike Bill Burrud, he's nowhere near the actual scene. 

Another fault of Conrad's 

 program is that too much emphasis is put on.big cats eating their prey. 

A little judicious editing 

 would go a long way toward improving this otherwise fine series. 
,... 

Even the wors't animal show 

 on the air, Wild Kingdom, is superior to dozens of other 

DOORS OPEN 
UPFORTYNE 
TYNE DALY doesn't have any hangups about being 
James Daly's daughter. She's too much of an in- dividualist for that. 

While her long-time stage and film star father has become 

 wen better known in CBS-TV's Medical Center, Tyre has oncentrated on her own acting career. Now she is to star 

 with Frederick Forrest in a dramatic special on tha same lotwork April 23 called Larry. 

It Is the story of the 

 ehabilitation ol a young man wrongfully committed to 3 mental institute. 

In real-life, Tyne admits that 

 he, too, has had to make one adjustments because of ler father's fame. 

"Daddy didn't want me to 

 lecome an actress," she says. 
He said it was harder for women. 

"I had been doing all the 

 community theater and stuff while I was in school, but ho wouldn't come and watch me. 

'But, when 1 was 16, he saw 

 me play Emily in Our Town. 
~hen he said it was okay." 

Favor 

'.'But now, halt the time I feel 

 ike Helen Hayes, because as an actor's kid I know so many people who are known to the public. 

"When you decide to 

Become an actrass, you wonder If these people are see- 
Jig you because they're doing t as a favorforyour falher or il it's because they really want to see you for a fob." 

But Tyne's Individualist 

 nature has carried her through 

"You get to lha point where 

 you know it's your face hanging out and it doesn't make any difference who your mother or alhtr is. True the doors open or you, but then It's strictly up o you. 

Tyne Daly ... It's her 

 face hanging out 

 scries on TV. Hosted by 
Marlon Perkins, a former zoo director, It Is marred by two things. 

One is that the commercials 

 for Mutual of Omaha Life In- surance are woven into the show itself. This Interferes with the flow of the program. 

The other serious fault Is 

 that too much of ft is con- trived. Snakes meeting up with lion cubs, and elephants coming suddenly across a path of leopards are patently manufactured for sen- sationalism. 

Pride 

JULIE Andrews and Dick Van 
Dyke, co-stars of the hit film 
Mary Poppins, are together again in an upcoming ABC, special called Julie and Dick in Covent Garden, Saturday 
(April 2o). 

In it, Dick and Julie and 

 guest star Carl Reiner seeX out what the producers call the of (boat peculiarities of British pride. 

CHANNEL HOPPING: Brian 
Keith's show Is in trouble. The network wnnts to dump It because it hasn't got enough- violence . .. Efrcrn Zimbalist 
Jr. is one of the few TV actors who doesn't have any movie ambitions. "I'm perfectly hfppy to play the FBI show for the rest of my lite," he Bays 
.. . Peter Graves feels his made-for-TV moyie The 
Undercover Man will turn out lo bo a pilot for a scries. He's been looking for.one since Mis- sion Impossible folded. 

TARTREK 

TEAM 

WHEN Startrek bit the dust four years ago.viewers and science fic- tion fans everywhere were left high and dry in their'taste for the "far out." 
Never had a show so captured the 

 imagination of the public. 
Even Cape Canaveral space experts were dedicated Startrek fans. 

But writer-creator 
Gene 

Roddenberry is back with a new Startrek-like show that just may fill the void left his first science fiction success. 

"It's called Planet Earth!' 

Roddenberry said. 

"We don'.t go planet-hopping 

 but there's plenty of action and adventure that's sure to appeal to us sci-fi buffs." 

Rul» 

Starring John Saxon, Diana 

Muldaur, Janet Margolin, Ted 
Cassidy and Christopher 
Carey, Planet Earth revolves around the experiences of a 
2oth Ceiilury NASA astronant who lives two centuries in the f u t u r e 
In suspended 

 animation. • ' 

Awakening into a world 

 devastated by nuclear war, the show follows his life in a socie- ty in which women rule- 

Wliile Planet Earih Is only a 

 movie of the week, airing next 
Tuesday (April 23), its star 
John Saxon is confident it will become a fall series. 

"It's a fantastic idea,".he said. 

"I was never a big science 

 fiction fan but the show turns me on, and now I'm reading as much science-fiction as I can-' 

Idea* 

Though the TV movie is 

 about women's lib gone crazy, 
Saxon revealed that there are more than 4o story outlines ready for production should 
Planet Earth become a regular show. 

"Hay Bradbury and olhcr 

 science fiction greats have come up with ideas for episodes," he said. 

"And you can't get any 

 better than that. 

"The world has changed 

 completely in the show. 

"There are the mutants 

 who've been deformed by the 

ONE of the mutants who has a .tat on his mind. 

DIANA Muldaurwfio plays the !ead«r of the women. 

TED Cassidy plays Istiti, 

 an «x- Indian chief. 

JANET Margolin who risciMS 

Saxon from libbers. 

It's more a game 

 nuclear war—they're warlike animals. 

"They've got control of all 

 the old war materials from the past — trucks, tanks, some guns. 

"Then there are the TAX1 

 who discover me, They're basically good and very ad- vanced in their sciences and culture. And Ihen there are the women who capture me. They use men as beasts of burden." 

Saxon feels that a pretty 

 good case can be mado for women ruling the world. 

"Women live longer and are 

 often more resourceful than 

 men," lie explained. "So wo explore the possibility of tak- ing over. 

In another projected 

 episode, Saxon encounters a society In which everyone is 
Insane. And tlw.se that arc sane arc put In mental asylums. 

"We 're concentrating on 

Imaginative entertainment, buMhc shows have political overtones. Most science- fiction has some sort of message about the world as It 
Is today. 

"People want to escape 

 from (he- pressure nnd Issues 

A NEW SERIES FOR THE FALL? 

MURDER or Mercy, a oo- mlnute TV movie which ran last week, may become a new fall series starring that ver- satile pro Bradford Dlllman. 

The 42-year-old actor who 

 has played the vlltalnfor years hopes the lawyer series, If It takes off, will be acclaimed on the same par as the popular 
Defenders show of a decade ago. And Dlllman promises 
Ihe series will be highly con- troversial. 

Confused 

Over the years Dillman has 

 had (o wrestle with an Identity problem. 

He claims he has been con- 

 tinuously confused by the public with Gcorgo Hamilton and Rip Tom. So much K>. that' 

%Villain' Brad is hoping to switch sides 

 he frequently signs autographs for the two performers. ' 
"I'm an anonymous actor," 

Dlllman said, "In the 196os when George was keeping company with Lynda Bird 
Johnson I was very popular among the supermarket set. 

"A woman onro said, 'I 

 don't know what Lynda Bird sees In you.' And > replied, 
'Neither d» 1.'" 

Throughout his 4o-fllm career Dillman has been 

 known as the gentleman actor. 

"Even In Compulsion where 
! played a murderer I was a gentleman about It," lie said. 

"My biggest fear was thai 

I'd stay 25 forever. I must've played young leading man to every Ingenue In Hollywood. 
But now that I'm getting older 
I'd like the chance to play more character roles." 

While he admits ho had his 

 original sights set on super- stardom he says he's now con- 

 tent lo be a working aclor. 

"About five years ago I 

 decided supcrslardom Just wasn't going to happen. 
"I 

 was being offered bud scripts which I turned down.and so I had to make a decision. I could pursue fame or forget ii and concentrate on quality work. I chose the latter. 

"Besides, the days of 

 glamor have passed. The 

 superstars nowadays ore the character actors." 
BRADFORD Dilfmiil... "I'm 

 an anonymous actor," 

TURN ON EVERY WEEK WITH THE STAR — AND FIND OUT WHAT'S HAPPENING ON TV 
FOR A NEWHotiips 

 isn't the marryin 

LOVELY Loretta Swit, better known as "Hot Ups" Houlihan of TVs M*A*S*H, tr firmly against getting married. 

"What's more, I have no overwhelming desire to have children," saic) 

 the thoroughly liberated actress-rebel, 

Lnetta discovered she wasn't the manning kind wbeasha was a teenager-— and' 

It, came HE quite &• shock to her *>HKlHii»erican patents. 
•T^dhSri*t.undei;3fe!i^1'at&faiCWl.uTh&y expected me to marry an#hav& 

 oMUren — SpeSnU evCty 

"When I tiM.tny parents I 

•4o aejress, 

- 

JOHN SAXON, star of Planet Earth, plays a former NASA scientist 

 of spacemen and Indian 

 of America today," ho said. 

"They're hearing nothing 

 but bad things on the news every evening, so a show like this will take them other places besides dreary reality. 
"Both Startrck and the 

 movie 2oo1 Intrigued me. It was much more than ordinary entertainment. Tbo Imagina- tion in them was Incredible." 

Saxon [eels that Planet 

Earth, like Startrek, will appeal'to both children and adults, 

"The action would interest 

 the kids," he explained, "and 

 the ideas and Imagination would catch the adults' more sophisticated attention. I'm truly very excited about tho show." 

Planet Earth's creator, 

Roddcnborry says lie's hoping for another lilt scl-ft show. 

"I have a very positive at- 

 titude toward the future of the world," lie said. "Maybe our civilization won't survive, but 
I think man will be around for a long time. In one form or another." 

A believer in UFOs. 

Roddenbcrry still gets mall from old Star trek fans who 

 watch It in television re-runs. 

And a recent Startrck con- 

 vention in New York drew 
15,oooscl-fi devotees. 

Startrek became a cult 

 because, it was one of the few shows that said, yes, there will be a tomorrow. And that message Is especially Impor- tant to young people, 

Hoddenberry said; 

"Frankly, most of the shows on now are absolute drive). 

"I don't see how they much 

Interest anyone. I just hope tha producers see the potential In 
Planet Earth and decide to pick It up for a series. 

-dent frfto 

 mom. There was 

 nolMnglndieated in- the. family line io pitpare her for that." 

Lwelta admitted she- was a 

"dycd-in-lhe-wool homebody who loves to cook," but she shuddered at the thought oE raising a family.' 
"I've never been married — 

 but then I've never been deep- ly in love," she said. 

"It's not easy for me to 

 become Involved with one per- son. ' 

Block 

"To commit myself to 

 man by marrying him is like putting my head on a chopping block. Marriage is a growing, living thing that you have to nurture — and I'm net prepared to do that yet. 

"That's why I have no desire 

 to have children, either, only i because I'm not deeply in lovo with one man whose child I'd want to hive, 

"I'd want to create a baby 

 with that human being whom 
I'm In love with. That's the ul- timate reason for reproduc- tion. Jsn'l IH" 

Loretta Is very much her 

 own woman: passionate, dedicated and fancy free. 

"I wanted to be an actress as long as I can remember: ever since I was seven and my parents sent me to dancing school. It was a total addic- tion, not even a conscious decision," she said. 

Lorctla had felt guilty leav- 

 ing her parents in Passaie, 
New Jersey, to carve out a career for herself. 

"I knew I'd disappointed 

 them by wrenching myself. from their little nest in New 
Jersey," she said. 

"My mother was In fear for 

LORETTA ... she refused to be a Barbi doll 

BE .YOUR OWN TV CRITIC 

WHILE walcliinB a lato movlo on TV the other night, ono set of commercials was so long, I forgot what the movlo was about, 

My tiusband says this Is 

 definitely a sign that commer- cials arc getting better. 

 lnu, H.J. 

IN YOUR March 23 Issue, a man from tho Bronx wrote 
(hat Kung Fu Is "fighting dir- ty." I strongly disagree. 

Kung Fu was not meant to 

 ba used In some barroom brawl or schoolyard fight. 

It Is unfortunate that many, 

Kung Fu viewer* only 
"watch" the show and never 
"listen" lo what It has .to say. 

WWUfflK.OMM 

Quemt. H.T. 

I AOHEE with your readers 

ARE THE TV ADS 
IMPROVING? 

 and I know many feel the sam B 
1 

 way. 

Timothy Orimtti 
Souihbilda*. HIM. 

 who said that Telly Savalns Is the greatest Ihlng lo como to 
TV. 

! too think Telly Savnlaa IB 

 fabulous and would love to see more ol him. 

I don't think ho Is ugly. I 

 think ha Is all man. Ills big body and features make mm strong and manly. ^ 

Iron* H.V. 

I THINK Elton John should be given a chance to have a TV 

 special of his own. I think ho should win some awards, for his many hits such as Rocket 
Man, Crocodile Hock,. Daniel and Yellpw Brick Road. 

I would like to add that John 

Denver's special was Just fan- tastlo. 

Rumfor* M*bw 

I HAVB been watching, Star 
Trek for as long as It's been on, and I think It's a great 

It should ba brought back,' 

TV Is so bogged down with lawyers, cops, and doctors, that I'm sick of It. When are they going to put something new and Interesting on? 

The only show I watch 

 regularly are Kung Fu, Tha 
Six Million Dollar Man, and 
Happy- Days. 

Tha best show aver, In my 

 opinion. Is Star Trek. I think ft should be put back on the air. 

•henamlMK Va. 

 my life every time she came to visit me In New York and saw me living In one of those godawful Uttlo tenement flats. 

"They feel a lot better about 

 me now. Recently, I was the guest of honor at a Pollsh- 
Amerlcaa dinner in New 
Jersey. My mother and father were there, crying, and proud as punch. 

Happy 

"Now. they're beginning lo 

 understand me and It's not a? 
Important to them any longer to see ma married and with babies, as it Is to sec me as I am today, very happy and fulfilled. I've achieved my own life and Identity." 

But It was not without a 

 struggle. 

••When I was In high school," Loretta said." 1 always looked Older than 1 
.was. I was well-developed and 

TV TOP TEN 

THESE latest ratings, from Neilsen, show percentages of TV- equipped households view- 
Ing Uie top ten shows: 

1. Salute to James 

Cogney — 32.3. 

2. All In the Family — 

32.3. 

3. M'A*S*H. — 28.o 
4. The Waltons. — 26.2. 
8. Sanford and Son. — 

25.6. 

6. Kojak — 24.6. 
7. Mary Tyler Mooro — 

43.9. 

8. Cannon — 23.7. 
9. 
Adam Minus 12 — 
13.5. 

1o. .Good Times — 23.5. 

 the kids-In school referred to me as 'sexy.' 

"Boys would lunge at me, 

 the girls would be jealous. But none of that was anything I asked for. 

"I refuse to be thought of as 

*'Barb? jdoil.' I'm a fighter." 

It's »n ottltute that got her 

 where sho fa today. 

In New York, she worked as 

 ft typist In an office from 6 a.m., then spent every night taking acting classes and per- forming, .for no pay. In small theatre workshops. 
"I used to waft 6o blocks In 

 order to save 15 cents bus faro.'.' she said. "I didn't even think of. It as a sacrifice; It was just my lovo of theatre." 
Test your 
TV knowledge 

1. - Which Virginian has trad- 

 ed in hit stetson for a fire- flght«rs,helm*t! 

2. — Thh famous son of a 

 imous fithtr Is known as 
'masthead" to millions of 
•lowers. 

3. - Mr. Conklln lift school 1 

 ong ago, but hi still displays his comedy assets wiekfy as a bank- ing straight man (or Lucy, 

4. — This hippy hsyseed want 

 rom Maybeny to tht Mirin* 
2orps and scored a laugh-filled xiflny*. 

5. — Each player lifts to b* 

 on th* money as Dennis J»mes hosts this "new" gam* show. 

6. - 
Which "OKI* from 

Muskogea" mid* Ms acting debut on aa 'tpitoi. of "Doc 
EWot" tattler thi year? 

7. — Art Fleming supp&es the 

 answers and conlestaflt* tb* 
<|u*it!MS la this f smfef f ivorit*. 

B. - This l»dy has 4*pxt*d 

 and left Hatxt* to her own humorous devices as she pur- su*s th« toqd times. 

P AG E 24 Til E NATIONAL STAR APRI I.». 1SH 
TIIENATIONALSTAHAPniLM. IMH PAGE 23 
SINATRA 

Every week In the Super Star — the most exciting of the superstars 

SINATRA... he came in like a king 

There.were long nights traced on his face. 

The King is back — and just beautiful 

By RAY KERRISON 

HE W_AS there for an hpgr or more, bathed in light and music arjd memories. 
' ' 

 lie sang and joked and sang some 

 eback fouf amid th'e'fuft' 3Sd diamonds and black ties and fatting splendor of 
New York's Carnegie Hall. 
' 
.. 

Ue had the right town, but the wrong 

 saloon. 

No matter. He came In like a king, 

 aroused their passions and caressed their dreams, and left them screaming on their feet. 
'': 

Three times he mashed the' lyrics' 

 because memory V»jtt play Us tricks. 
Sometimes he feaclied,- for notes that were no longer there, but.nobody gaye a damn. 
',. 

He was heavy in the torso and there 

 were a lot of long har,d nights traced on his face. 
•"' 
'• 'i".- 

But no matter. He sent bolts"' p/. 

 electricity right to the roof." r 

Maybe you need a lev)'years on the 

 clock fo'^'d.e'rs.tarjd Sinatra, taken some trips to the canvas, fought a'-f ew demsji)3 and grabbed at the stars. 
: ' 

"Yourre beautiful;'1 a woman cries 

 down from the' left balcony. "No," protests another, from the right balcony. 
'•You're gorgeous!^',. 

Sinatra*draws up^a stool and talks to 

 his SwOplfj, "I like N.ew York," he says. 
"Wad some of my best lights in New 
York, fcet's chat awhile. It's ratnlng but- side and we're,not gotng'anypl^ce," 

He hadn't worked In two years, 

 hadn't appeared" in.cohcert in sik. 

'Wy trouble Is I hate work," he says. 
"The last time 1 sang in public was at 

 the White House, and when ! left 
"'•""*"Hlj* sang!" 
' 
• . • 

 ight rea)|y is a benefit for Varle- 

.-rlriternatlonpt find its charitiea drdn. He. has to (ell Die folks why 

 are paying from J25 tp $15o for theft 

 scats. 
, 
'. . • 

He draws up a lectern', shuffles tl\e 

 papers like a pastor in the pulpit, qnd reads the lines. 

That' finished, he slides Into 

SOJU3 long, 'posctlre ballads 
Uia.1 few ImVc.heard and the guys around me start lighting cigarettes, shuffling their loci, talking to their girls. 

Baby, you're losing them. 
Suddenly, that beautiful, 

 rich; reedy baritone booms out, I Gel A Kick Out Of You. 

Fingers snap. Shoes tap. 
Tfip old Joint Is a Ras and 

 they car\'t g<it enough of him. 

At the end, he hits 'cm hard. 

"My kind'if town, Chicago 
Is,.." 
• 

Thisis aman for all seasons, 

 but'only one for all the ages. 

Thai's Slnd'tra, his way, our 

 way, every way. 
• Pictures ol Frank Sinatra rthiarslnf last wnk in Niw 
Vort. 

THE ACTION is fast and furious, and Redford gratefully accepts the chance to slip into the background as just a guy on the beach playing ball with a group of friends. 

Now he's joined 
1! the elite 

A QUIET beach, a few friends and a fast game of volleyball... that's the Robert Redford style of taking it easy. 

The woody superstar makes no secret of 

 his disdain of the tinsel and bright lights of 
Hollywood. 

Ha doesn't need them. He's proved that 

 with The Great Qatsby. 

Unmercifully panned by critics from coast 

 to coast — Redford himself barely escaped unscathed — it's proved a roaring success at the box office. 

It has grossed more, than $3 million In five 

 days in 179 theaters across the US, according . to Paramount. In New York alone, it pulled In 
$282,ooo In a 12-day run at five movie houses. 

Which simply adds up to the {act that Red- 

 ford has Joined the movie world's elite — of the McQueen's and the Newmw -- the box office giants whose names atone provide tfia magic to guarantee success, whatever the verdict of the critics, 

Out Redford seems unimpressed, His life Is 

 still his own, and on a sunny day with the sand at your feet and the smell of the s«a in your nostrils beint famous doesn't seem such a W« deal after all. 
' 

•Pictures by STEVE SHAPIRO 

REDFORP ... still looking ev«ry. Iricr) th«star, 
REDFORD.....on th« ball 
REOFORD ... as Qatsby, tht ntw box offlc* smash 

CRAY IS THE COLOR THAT 
CAN LIFT YOUR SPIRITS 
THIS IS an'unusual and fortunate year for women to find and express their creativity. This creativity has something beautiful about it which will emotionally lift and inspire others. 
Shy but talented women are finding their paths. 

You may notice there ts more happy gray In 

 your life as a love, psychic or creative symbol. 

Many vivid dreams are encouraged this 

 week. 

KAREEM ABDUL-JABBAR 

Birthday April 16 

XAVORA POVE, THE COLUMNIST WHO TAKES YOU BEYOND THE STARS 

ARIES 

March 21 to Apr. 19 

YOU need a very Imaginative woman In the background ta spur you en. In attme way this, woman is a be«*ie. sensitive to emote* tale*M and m>y cry aaafr. items* fca ttKafe strgmuiJamMiairri 

 m*mto*QfW' 

 lowo Md idnwdtfyB 

 speaWn'g' WndiV about you, 

Privately, there are ex- 

 changes of aftediJon. Many of you develop enjutote romantic plans or preparations. 

 fc 

LEO 

YOU have a different kind of travel emphasis this and next year. You may feel a need to get away, to be more In- dependent, or because Im- pulsive or different travel will add to your strength. 

Others are more alert to 

 your plans, and they are having a lot to say to spur you on. 

Many of you have Impulse 

 long distance calls this week. 

The colors red, shocking 

 pinfc are more' mentally .In- vigorating to you. 

SAGITTARIUS 

Nov 23 to OK 21 

YOU'RE a very colorful per- sonality, and you're in a year to be flamboyant and show off the colors of your personality. 

Aries people are your social 

 contacts to get you going socially or romantically. An 
Aries person this week has great influence on your life or social plans. 

Confusion, yet inspiration, in 

 the home are leading you into things that are worthwhile. 
Develop your talents In the home. 

TAURUS 

Apr. 2o to M»y 2o 

MANY of you notice health ts better. You are doing more Intfigs to build up your reserves « energy. 

V*u ate wery cifted and 

 iruswees.B»erai for, y*a to rnaSe progreb-s wiUi yotr gbais. 

A man is givlag you more 

 hidden cfintidence and in many ways is more energetfc on your behalf. 

 gl VIRGO 

 to Sept 22 

THERE are a lot of unclear and hazy conditions .this year, not In your personal makeup but because of even ts around you. 

You may notice you're 

 developing the ability to be more psychic and intuitive with others. 

Some of you show a talent 

 or emotional side you've been shy about. Economic strength or independence because of others is growing. 

CAPRICORN 

. Dec 22 

 to Jan 19 

YOU may notice this year, especially this week, you are more in touch with your sub- concious. You may notice that the period just awaking from sleep has many subtle ideas and help. 

Some of you may feel like 

 a martyr or be tempted to feel self pity. Many of you are helping a neighbor or relative. There may be some confusion of plans and per- sonal actions. You speak openly. 

GEMINI 

Mj/21 to June 21 

NEW friendships, or something new about pjd friendships, is very invigorating. You and your frfewb steak your minds with each •otneiv aria have more t* tafcubw* 

A rn^ friend ctepewfent «& a MHvptese. aM#* ig 

Gefntnfs have great 

 professional protection end physical help this year. Marty will start something new. 

LIBRA 

Sept 23 to Oct 23 

OTHER people are very domi- nant In your thoughts and plans-. They have very strong 
Ideas on what you should be. 

Others are seeing you in a 

 new light, because events are bringing you out in a new way. 
A very forceful mart is opening doors for you. 
' Pampering your health this week can be pleasant, many of you may need more Iron foods. 
•You're in a year to build muscle, take better care of your feet 

AQUARIUS 

YOU have more thoughts and impulse errands, walks or drives In your neighborhood. 

Phone calls this week are 

 not made to just fill time, but are vital communications. 

You're in a more domestic 

 period. You and your relatives can discover vivid things about each other as Individuals, cheer each other. 

Short notes, dashing out 

 thoughts, are Increased. News about a call from a man may surprise you, 

CANCER 

June 22 to July 22 

YOU are very talented In your home life, but you are also talented in traveling. 

Many Cqnoertaofl we 

 travel oSrfentST tfite weefe, 

 fcretea tea*? or open ynf njkul in 
Yte$B .oTsheer happiftess, 

This is a special week to 

(tHhitge your love of hearing 
« reading about things psy- chic. Lov& comes closer. 

SCORPIO 

OctZ4 to No* 22 

YOU work energetically and are in a season and week to be busier. 

Some of your better health care now, perhaps a new and better diet, can put you In great physical stamina and strength of well being by next year. 

Two social or romantic oc- 

 casions are uplifting this week. There may be some confusion over dates, forgotten or delayed tickets or misplaced information. 

PISCES 

Feb 19 to March 2o 

THERE Is much attention on you this week. There is something about what you are doing or emotionally feeling that is giving you a great sense of well being. 

There is so much love and 

 appreciation for you that you may think it Is a dream and be inclined to set up Im- aginary fears. 

But events or a person will 

 always be there this year to encourage you or make your dreams a reality. 

EVERY WEEK IH AMERICA'S LIVELIEST NEWSPAPER YOU'LL MEtT AMERICA'S LIVELIEST ASTROLOGER 

Should 
Ike have let this man die? 
THE WIDOW of the only 
American soldier to be ex- ecuted for cowardice In World 
War U says her husband. Pvt. 
Eddie Slovik, died because 
Gen. Dwlght 
Eisenhower 

 blundered. 

Antoinette Slovik, now 61 

 ana living !n Detroit, Is demanding $1o,ooo compensa- tion for her husband's death, 

SlovlK wa,s cojivlcted of 

 desertion during tlie-allled ad- vatKft loFrancc du ri tig Ih B fall ef I9N. |Ie claiMed ho W» t Antoinette^ Vftn 

-.. and SlBVikdica & momhtater. 

It was rumored that 

Elswihijwer commuted the 
(hath ectitcncc but failed (o transmit the reprieve In. time to save Slovik's life. 

Mrs. Slovik said because o! 

 the recent TV film. The Ex- ecution of Pvt. Slovik, "the 
American people are finally getting the facts.'" 

She said when Eisenhower 

 was President he refused to sec her 

SUNSPOTS have butn blamtd for everything from inowstormi to 

 crop failure. Now Trench sdtntlsts say th» b*st 
Burfundjfli are from sun< spot years. 

 from $un- 
I 

£U2fll 

A BONUS 
FOR NO. 1 
NAGGER 

A POLISH Immigrant who 
Arrived penniless In the U.S. 24 years ago has made a fortune 
— by constantly criticizing his employers. 

They were so grateful for 

 the suggestions he came up wllh to Improve their product! that they have paid him an ex- tra $71,ooo. 

Now Kazlmar DabrowsM, 

CO, who works at the Chevrolet 
Engineering Center In 
Warren, Mich., plans to retire. 

The firm paid him $5o for his 

 flnt suggestion, back in I86o, which Involved a minor modification In (he design sec- tion. 

Since then, his bright ideas 

 have been earning him an average J1oo a week on top of bU salary. 

LONGFELLOW 
THIS Star wordgame has a speH of Its own. 

Your aim ii to find the 

 longest possible word that can be made from the tetters of each of the words on the right 

You can't use ft letter 

 more often than tt appears In the given word. 

Gfve yourseH a point for 

 each letter In the new word. 
PM tor the course b 65, but maybe you e*n do better. 

Answer* on Pag* *& 

A CffFAT HiW 
FAMILY CAME 

1. WRITHE 
2. HURDLE 
3. INWARDS........ 
4. TREADLE 
5. EDUCATOR e. HERITAGE 
7. OBSTINATE 
8. UNDERLING 
9. SNAPDRAGON ... 
ID. ENTHUSIASM .... 

HELLO JEREMY/ 
WHAT HAVE „ 
YOU GOT THERE? 

TRAGEDY OF A STAR'S 
BAN ON BABIES 

TIIENMIONM.S i PAGE 27 

HEIRESS Jennifer Revson and actor Harry Guardino — when nothing could keep them apart. 

ACTOR Harry Guardino and heiress Jen- nifer Revson are ending their eight-month marriage because he does not want to have any more children. 

"They are still very fond of each other," 

Miss Revson's attorney, 
William Spivak, said. 

"Bui Harry figures that by 

 the time a child born to them grows up, he will tic an old man." 

Miss ncvson, heiress to the 

 nevlon cosmetics fortune, is believed to be very upset by the break-up. 

It comes at a time when she 

 is mourning the death of her brother.Peter, who was killed lost montli in a racing car crash. 

According to Spivak, Guar- 

 dino, who is 48, refused to have any children. 

 impression 

"He's heartbroken about the 

 whole thing;" said Spivak, 
'"but he's" made his decision and, under California law, tils wife is suing for divorce. 

"She loves children so much 

•and,though she has a three- year-old child by a first marriage, she can't bear the thought of not having more. 

"There is absolutely no 

Question of any oilier romantic involvement for cither of them." 

Miss Revson, 24, told a Los 

. Angeles divorce court that she 

 married Guardino under the 
.impression that tbey were both very much in love with eacli other and wanted a family. 

Spivak said: "Jennifer 

 wants an annulment claiming 
-misrepresentation'' 

 rn the meantime, Miss 

Rcvson has gone to live with her father and Guardino has locked himself away in his 
Palm Spring, Calif., home where he lives svith his 15' year-old daughter by a previous marriage. 

Miss ncvson and Guardino 

Were married in Los Angeles last August. 

Cabbies 

 where 

• 
- 
* .... £•' 

 get off 

A COURTESY class for New York taxi drivers ended In uproar when guest teacher Amy Vanderbilt slatted out fuming; 

The first lady of etiquette was 

 booDd and heckled as she tried to give 1oo drivers tips on how to 
Ion their Image of being tha rudest cabbies in the world. 

But the wisecracking drivers 

 howled with laughter when she fold them to: 

Address passengers as Sir or 

Madam.; wait to be invited before talking; avoid discussing religion or politics and always to say thank you for a tip. 

Heckling 

Miss Vanderbilt, trying to Ig- 

 nore the heckling, said that whenever she forgot her wallet she took the driver's name and sent him a check. 

A driver called oul: "Leave a 

 ring as security." 

Miss Vanderbilt then stormed 

 off the platform. 

A spokesman for Scull taxis 

 said later: "Amy's just top tough a broad to go over with taxr drivers. They like a dame who acts like a dame — you know, lady- like." 
• 

DRIVERS GET A 
DANGER SIGN 
A MAN is going to erect a telephone pole in his front gar-- den — to Keep automobiles from crashing into his house. 

In the last 12 years, 12 cars 

 have missed the left and right turns before Harry May's house in Detroit, Mich., and driven through his front door. 

A police killer is on the run 

A MANHUNT has been launched for the escaped con- victed murderer of a Cambridge, Mass., police officer. 

Nils Nordstrom, 44, alias Harry Scgerqulst, failed to return to 

 his cell at Norfolk State Prison following a three-day furlough. 

He is the second convicted lifer to 

 vanish while taking advantage of the controversial Massachusetts furlough program. 

Police said Nordstrom was con- 

 victed in March 197o of the slaying of off-duty Cambridge Patrolman Austin 
Jordon, 38, in July, 1o69. 

In 1973, Joseph Subilosky, serving a 

 life sentence at Walpole Prison, did not return from a furlough. 

He was captured last May in New 

Hampshire and sent back to Walpole to await trial for a bank robbery he allegedly committed. 

Alarmed citizens called for a repeal of the furlough program. 

The lime-off policy was 

 suspended but then reinstated by the state Supremo Court 

Nordstrom la B-foot-S. 16o' pounds, wllh brown hair and linzel eyes. 
Stale Police Lt. Torn Spar- 

 tachlno said he Is a "drifter" and that he may hnvo fled to 
New York or Florida. 

The purse you carry is ripe for plucking 

CARRY that purse with earel 
That's the word of caution to women from Washington, D.C., 
Police Chief Jerry Wilson. 

One of the biggest Invitations 

 lo the mugger, says Wilson, Is the way a woman carries her purse. 

"Don't be careless with your 

 purse," Wilson advises. 

Bus stops ara lor more than 

 passengers, he warns. 

"Have your change or token 

 ready before you gel to the bus slop. There art puna snalchers who sptclilfoa fn thafti it bus slops using tht crowded con- ditions to.lhaTr.advaittajt." . . , 

Savings gang put in bonds 

CALLING ALL POLICE CHIEFS! 
This ts your column. If you want to use it to help light crime, track down criminals or recover stolen property, wrtte to LARRY 
JACKSON, Star Precinct, National 
Star, 73o Third Ave., New York, 
N.Y. 1oo17. 

A GANG of con men operating a chain letter racket lias been busted by 
Los Angeles police. 

Captain Jack-Morris, of the 

L.A. bunco squad, told the 
Star that the $1oo,ooo swindle worked this way. 

Victim* 

The conmen would hold 

 meetings throughout southern 
California where victims would be persuaded to buy a list of ten names for $37.5o. 

Attached to the list was a 

 savings bond valued at ?18.75 

Don't be a silly 'pigeon' 

 and made oul to the lop name on the list. 

The purchasers were then 

 instructed to go out and buy two more $18.75 bonds and forward them to the next two names on the list. Thus 18 cost 
(lie victim $75. 

As with all chain letters, the 

 victim would duplicate the list and get two more innocent buyers to do the same. 

Flooded 

Of course the Inducement 

 was that the victim would eventually be flooded with savings bonds for himself. 

The catch in the game was 

 that practically every name on the supplied lisl belonged to one of the conmcn. 

A "PIGEON drop" swlndlo tins fleeced thousands of hard- earned dollars from elderly people in California. 

Los Angeles police say It la 

 one of a rash of confidence tricks — like the chain letter- savings bond swlndlo 

 reported above-sweeping the 

 state. In the pigeon drop swindle, girls, usually working 
In pairs, approach their prey, usually an elderly women, and offer to share a largo amount 

The victim Is asked to prove 

 she can support herself for two or three months without touching the found money. To 

 do this the victim goes to her bonk, withdraws a largo por- tion of her savings and the swindlers then pull a fast switcheroo wllh envelopes. 

The police advi-a; Don't 

 withdraw money from the bank for Anything other than your own use: 
• 
• • 

Morris, whose men broke up the chain-letter racket after a two-month Investigation, call- ed it "very fruitful." 

Uccause the same racket 

 may be going on In oilier parts of the country, people with any 
Information about such a prac- tice should contact police Im- mediately; • - • • • - • 

PAGE28 THENATTONALSTARAWULKUSH 

STAR 
TRAVEL 

City with a port as its 

By RALPH PECK 

DON'T miss the United 
States Naval Academy when you visit Annapolis, 
Md. 

At the Academy well- 

 scrubbed midshipmen uphold 
American patriotism. 

Annapolis, small and easy 

 to see on foot, was briefly our national capital (1783- 
1784). George Washington resigned from the Continen- tal Army at the State House, the oldest state capital building in continuous use In the U.S. 
Houses and public 

 buildings dating from that era may be visited. 

On weekends 
Annapolis 

 fills up with sneakered sailing buffs. The colorful dock area in the city's very center serves as a port for 
Chesapeake Gay fishing boat:. Good restaurants and shops abound. 

Biggest 

In Spring and Fall, 

Wednesday altemoon dress parades draw big crowds to the Naval Academy. They start at 3:3o. 

The Academy Museum Is 

 in Preble Hall. More than 3o,- 
ooo items are displayed. 

There are Navy and 

Marine exhibits and details about our far-flung fleets past and present 

Midshipmen live In 

Bancroft HalTs 1,873 rooms, and eat in the world's biggest 
Mess Hall. 

Adm. Geoige Dewey plac- 

 ed the Chapel cornerstone in 
19o4. 
In keeping with 

 tradition, a 12-foot Votive 
Ship model hangs In the chapel's nave. John Paul 
Jones is buried there. 

The Academy is open from 

9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday. Admission 
Is free. At the gate, ask for the booklet, Welcome 

Aboard, which gives facts about the 3oo-acre campus. 

The 

LIVELIEST 

WHEN our 18-year-old niece returned home after a few days' stay with us, she told her mother that to walk into our home was like walking into a house full of love. 

We have a seven-month-old baby son, a 

 puppy and a kitten. 

My husband and I believe that this was 

 the best compliment a family could ever be paid. 

Mra. Joan Terhune 

RidsawooA N.J. 

Unhandy 

MY husband decided he would fix the electric outlet in Our kitchen. After fooling with it and checking all the. outlets In the house, we had to call my father to come to our aid. 

My husband had not only dis- 

 connected some of the outlets, but in order to turn on thelight in the kitchen we had to use the switch in the bedroom! 

 of living in a house of love 

THE 

*nn V. 

CarbontiiEff, Pa. 

Dad's pal 

MY dad is the greatest ever. 
He takes me places, and gave me badges and medals from the Air Force. 

My dad is a Christian and he 

 loves Jesus. It is nice to have a dad with Jesus in his heart. 

Donald Taoidala, Jr. 

Brfnsntlno, NJ. 

It's the thought 

THE other day my husband said: "If I ever win the lottery, do you know what I would do — I would give you an engagement ring." 

I replied "You're a bit late aren't you? 

We have been married for 

 more than 4o years, 

Mra. Bosale olnamora 

Mlneola, N.Y. 

LETTERS 

FOR 

STORIES 

WHAT is the best compliment you have ever been paid — or have heard? We'll pay $2 for 
«ach letter published. Write to: 
Liveliest Letters, National Star, 
73o Third Avenue, New York, 
N.Y. 1oo17. 
_ 

Mad ad 
CALLING at a gas station while on a trip I was amused at their advertisement: 
"Mechanical repairs $5.6o per hour. If you watch — ?9. U you help - $12." 

Henry Flamming 

Mahcheitar, Conn. 

New vacation 

WHEN my husband had two strokes and had to retire, he felt very depressed. 

Then he framed and hung 

 some paintings of me. Now he has taken up woodworking and makes things for all the family. 

Mra. Jane Shoamakar 

Olcn Faila, N.Y. 

Good question 

I HAVE just been given a 

YOUR PRAYERS ARE 

ASKED FOR 
READERS are asked to remember in their prayers the following: 
SHIRLEY . . . that her oldest child will behave himself. 
AGGIE . . . who has been through too much for anyone to bear, but keeps going with a smile. 
ANN ... who seeks freedom from a terrible burden of worry and wants a normal life. 
MARGARET . . . who can't 

 sleep with the pain, but knows 
God will answer. 
ROSE . . . that her father will recover from a serious case of emphysema, 
BETTY . . . that her husband will return. His three children miss him and need him. 
GEORGE . . . who is suffering from shock and bodily Injuries suffered in a mugging, 

 recipe for wild strawberry jam hy a 9o-year-old woman who assures me she has never failed in all the years she has been making it. 

Now where do I find wild 

 strawberries in the middle of 
New York City! 

Mil. aladya watiton 

Naw York, N.Y. 

Time out 

THE English language Is most peculiar. It is a little old- fashioned, rait still acceptable for a boy to tell his girl friend: 
"Time stands still when I gaze into your eyes." 

I hate to think what she 

 would do if he told her that her face would stop a clock. 

L.T.W. 

Rutland, Vt. 

Harder boiled 

"It's shockproof, 

 waterproof, rustproof, an- timagnetic and fully automatic." 

I ASKED my sister if she could cook. She answered, yes. 
So I asked her to make an egg salad while I went out. When I returned I smelted something burning. 

She had burned two boiled 

 eggs. She must be the first person who ever burned boiled eggs. 
Lynne Wllliami 

Bronn, N.V. 

Hint taken ' 

UNTIL three days ago my husband's diet was non- existent. However, while we were standing In a bus line next to a little boy and his very pregnant mother, my husband was asked, "Are you going to have a baby, loo, sir?" Mis? sion accomplished. 

Keta 

Windsor, Conn. 

Earth bound 

MY boyfriend and I were riding in his car, and I was talking about houses, and said 
I'd like a big house. 

"A mansion in the sky," he 

 said. I answered without thinking: "No, on the ground." 

M.3.o. 

Harllftnd, Vermont 

MY MM (Mere Male) has come to realize that life is not as long as we think. He wouldn't give in on a dish- washer. 

Suddenly he taught me the 

 best for Valentine's Day. 

S manna R. 

Swarliwood, N.J. 

What a wrap 

A WEEK before my birthday, 
I accidentally saw my husband at a perfume counter. I overheard the salesgirl say: 
"Shall I gift wrap it, sir?" My husband replied: "Oh, no. It's for my wife." 

Gloria B. 

Eait Orange, N.J. 

Ker-chool 

I WAS trying to'persuade my husband to put castors on the legs of our bed. "Not on your life," he said, ."if It had castors, I'd just have to sneeze and we'd find ourselves In the bathroom." 

Mra. Marlon Slack 

Waal Hartford, Conn, 

THE TOOTH WILL 
ALWAYS OUT! 

MY five-year-old niece was In the bathroom washing tier hands when she spied my mother's dentures and said: 
''How come she can take her teeth can't?" out and we 

DavW Scrm«W«r 

Fair play 

THE other night my little sister was saying her prayers: 
"Please forgive me for giv- 

 ing Mommy and Daddy a hard time. And please forgive them for giving me a hard time." 

Mark Klbbt 

En Mold, Conn. 

Got loatcd 
MY great granddaughter was taken by her mother to a supermarket. Somehow she 
Wandered away and became upset, but the little three-year- old had the presence of mind to go to a checker and say: 
"My mommy Is lostcd." 

The checker found her 

 mother by announcing a lost mommy. 

Mra. E. Walnlraub 
Atlantic City, N.J. 

Writes small 

V/HEN my nephew, 7, sent me a letter I phoned him to say it was a very nice letter, and I added: "All your sentences are little." 

He replied: "Uncle, I'm a 

 little boy now so I write little schlences. When I'm a big boy 
I'll w r i t e you bigger sentences." 

Dava Bloom 

Jamaica E>tata>, N.Y. 

ANSWERS ARB THE SAME^ 
'•'' 

Bilingual art 

MY five-yc. 

ACROSS 

 l.H. says life In that river vi^Sof En are 'ead- 

 aTrruntir 
VaTy|lII% 

12 They put fte short and fat 

 guy in Ihc P.D. waEon (5) 

 thnm ih^r hin« /<;, 
S S c 

»Tr« fatal elea of ' tor r 
^Vou and I will r.r, until 

2«. Sounds like he wrol« about 

 the pounding surf (4) 

25. Nan and Ed made way for 

(he Spaniard (9) 

1. "Kurd" Isa var. of "heard" 

 fn Uie O.E. course at college (7! 

1. Le marqu i llvedon Nob mil 

(!) - 
3. "Nab Uie rasher thief' the 

C.O. shouted <S> 

 bl? J'-I™":, '",,„ ,, „ ,,„,„„ „. 

5 i, «? 
' 

"«"««> ">»»»t»ln state, the 

«* «« "" •' »»™ '» <*>« "" 

'S u-f KB! 
IS. "Me? Ishotannrrowlnlhe 

, 
- ls "l8h (t' 

 ar, ,„ ruml(lg „ 
,„ ,, ornjA ,.,„„ for C-grnde calljo 

Now here's last week's solution 

ACROSS1 1 IrC-opa-rd. BO-l-n-iv i. a O!tl-on. i V-lr-usc-s. 1o5-M- 
O.K.-E.-rJ. 11 Fr-am-e. 12 B-rol- i, 
M s.E.-rena. 17 Dl-urb. 1« 

Amne-sty. 22 Ost-o.-r-l.-a. a V- 
Igor. 24 Sarge. 25 Arre5li. 
DOWN: 1 I,-Ions 2OHi-noco, 3. 
Ar-nl*. t D.I-V-E-5-T. 5 G-l-ra-f- 

 f-e. « At sc-a, TTe-S-ie-r-t. IZ B- aboons 11 L-lb-er-t-e. IS Ens- igns IS Ma-nAna. IS (Jlt-cr. 2o 
N-cver. 21 Y-u-rls. 

Coffee Break 

ACHOSS 

1. River town In Missouri (8) 
5. Ivy League college (4) 
B. Dressing gown (4) 
9. Orchestral work featuring 

 solo performances (Si 

1o. Cup-sliaricd flower (7) 
It. Chubby (51 
13. Clean the shrimp (6) 
15. Bread source (6) 
17. Bret 
.U.S. oulhor [51 

IB. North Central states 17) 
22. Ray of moonlight (8) 
23. Two tens, or two lacks <4> 
24 Mechanical routine 141 
15. California's San Vail tv (8) 

DOWN 

1. Ivy f.c.iguc college (7) 
2. Majestic-, lolly (o1 
3. Drenkfasl food (51 
4. Senator from Louisiana (4) fi. Shorten a book (7) 
7. PJnne key wood (51 
11. Drab uniform color (5) 
It. Practical Joke (51 
14. One rnecca for skiers (7) 
Id. Ktml of answer required to 

 tome qucslloni (3-2-11 

17. Babe- Hulh specialty (5) 
19. Fcrian u.ilnf a gun or bawlil 
2o, Means of transportation (5k 
;:. steak source 141 

SOLUTION NEXT WEEK 

French and Ihc other half 
English. 

One day I asked him what ho 

 had done in school. He replied, 
"I painted in French." 

Mra. Jullatla Oaelirdlna 

Oltawa, Oanada 

A saint fan 

A NEIGHBOR'S little boy cnme home from Sundny 
School and his father asked 
Him what he learned, 
The boy nnswcrcd: "Well, I 

 don't know what the other boys and girls learned, but I told the teacher that I enjoyed hi! St. Joseph aspirins. 

Mra. Nallla Mlholka 

Mononghale, PA* 

Ingenious 

MY three-year-old son was lit the bathroom so long that I was beginning to worry. I look- ed In and ho was slttine very bent over wllli the commodo lit resting on his backl 

I asked him what lie was 

 doing, and hu replied "I'm plnymg turtle!" 

N.B. 

• 
J«a«|f city, H.Yn 

TIlENAT1oNALSTARAPnif.».IS7(FAGEZ3 

Start now with the map on next page 

By MICHAEL MOK 

AMERICA has gone treasure hap- py. Not since some poor loon hollered "Eureka" at Sutler's Mill in California — and was trampled in the Gold Rush of '49 — has the 
U.S. been caught in such delirium. 

Tens of thousands of people are 

 searching for treasure in their spare time. Treasure-hunting clubs arc mushrooming all over the country. 

Never mind the big booty: 

Millions of dollars in spare change are lying around for the taking, and America's got a case of 
"Finders, keepers; losers, weepers," 

Organized treasure hunts 

(where coins are buried in a field} are lield annually at Mosquile, 
Texas; Peoria, Illinois; Inola, 
Oklahoma; Portland, Oregon; 
P l a i n f i e l d , Ind.; and 
Malvern, Ohio, to name only a few places. 

At llic recent treasure hunt 

In Oklahoma City, there was 
$1o,ooo In prizes. And prize money or $1o,ooo for such a meet is now common. 

Prior lo World War 11, tliere 

 were only a handful of prospectors and rockhounds who could be considered treasure hunters. Then relum- ing GIs wilh mine-delecting experience and surplus equip- ment began looking tor relics. 

True Treasure and its sister 

 publication Treasure World 
(current circulation 1oo,ooo 

 each) first hit the stands In 
19o5, and they now must com- plete wilh a host of oilier specialty magazines. 

Book* 

Thero arc hundreds of books 

Written for the treasure buffs. 

Two of the best general 

 treasure books arc, 

Treasure: 
How & Where lo 
Find it (Arcu) and Uurled 
Treasure Land and Sea (Fell). 

"Treasure limiting used to 

 bo a loner's (lung," says 
James Bartlctt, editor of 
Treasure World. "Now whole familiesget out [here and doit!' 

To master a metal detector 

(if you're handy, you can assemble one tor about 55o), old timers recommend bury- ing a handful of coins and retrieving them. 

Then If you can sc.-ittcr a 

 dozen B-B shot in the back yard and find six of them, you're ready for real treasure. 

You might want to start by 

 finding dipt. Kidd's treasure. 
It has been reported In every sea coast town from Nfnine to 
Florida, with special attention going to Gardiner's Island in 
Long Island Sound, where the pirate slopped briefly on bis way to London to be hanged. 

If you don't find it, don't 

 become discouraged. No one else has cither, and people have been searching 275 years; 

THERE 

A FORTUNE 

YOUR 

Treasure bounty ... these magnificent old howitzers now overlook lake Ontario. 

AS AN EXTRA, ENTER THIS FREE STAR CONTEST AND PICKM& NOGGETS WITHOUT LEAVING YOUR AHAI.p.HAlR 

WIN this easy-to-use dectector and you, too, could find a goldmine 

TREASURE 
DETECTORS 
AND GOLD 
DUST TO 
BE WON 
IF YOU have tho right equipment, you can find your own gold mine In a neighborhood park or on the beach. 

The Star is giving away a special metal 

 detector to each of the five winners in our fabulous treasure hunt contest, 

Our Treasure Ray Detectors are easy to 

 operate and fun to use. 

Just hook up the little earphone piece, 

 point Hie scanner towards the ground and start walking. Who knows what treasure this great prize will leaci to? 

Bonus 

And wait for it folks! There are more 

 prizes. Everyone knows the price of gold has gone sky high. 

So why buy it, when you can go pan it 

 yourself? The Star is giving away 1o genuine gold pans to the runners-up in our terrific treasure contest. 

AND,as a special bonus to keep up your 

 gold fever, each pan will come to you with bits of real gold mixed with black sand. 

AH you have to do to enter our contest is 

 look at Ihe treasure map in the coupon on 

(hen put your X where you think the buried 

 treasure is. 

Ma's $1oo,ooo is stiff buried 

COINSHOOTERS arc a singular treed. 

Armed with metal detectors 

— which range In price from under $1oo to well over fl.GOO 
-1 they comb beaches, deserted houses, ghost towns and garbage dumps. 

Often tlicy'luck out, like Don 

Dullard, who went in behind a 

 bulldozer which was razing an old building in his native 
Cheyenne. 
Wyoming, 

 recently. 

In less than 1o minutes, his 

 detector sang out: He found two $2o gold pieces, a $1o gold piece, n $5 gold piece and six silver dollars. 

Olhers may fantasize about 

 hearing a "bleep" next to a fence post between Rochester and Chatflcid, Minn., which will signal discovery of Ma 
Barker's ransom hoard. 

 flack in 1934, Ma and her 

 four murderous sons kid- napped Edward Brenner, president of a St. Paul bank, 

 collected $1oo,ooo in ransom, and set their captive free 

As (hey were fleeing, Afrs. 

Barker and her son Fred burled (he loot next'to a fence post. 

ISoth Ma and Fred were kill- 

 ed In a shoot-out with the FBI 
In Floridn and the cash 1ms never been found. 

SpEXT ,,. 
Hf Ef K 
P 

" ' 
Lje^CT»t». rmvSTARS 
N A; 

WPR 

Also tell us, in 12 words or 

 less, why you would like to dis- cover some buried Ircasure. 

Write your answer in the space provided on the entry coupon and send It with your name and address to National 
Star. Treasure Hunt, P.O. Box 
82. New York. N.Y. 1oo46. to reach us by the closing date of 
May 3. 1974. 

Winners will appear after 

Juno 1. 1874 In the National 
Slnr: General Contest Rules 
Apply. Sco page 42. 

BE ON THE LOOKOUT; FOR MORE TREASURE HUNT FEATURES IN THE STAR 

PAGE 3o TIlErMTIONALSTAHAPRIt.H.lm 

T1IR 
( PAGE 31 

I^P TIIE 
M A N I L A 

GALLEON: Early 

 explorers reaching the mouth of the Columbia 
River in Oregon were sur- prised to find Indians wear- ing O r i e n t a l coins. 
Scholars believe that a 
Manila galleon, carrying 

 upwards of $2 million in treasure, was wrecked enroute to Acapulco. 

 i T H E COMSTOCK 

_ 
• LOOK: H.T. Corn- 

 stock struck both silver and gold in western 
Nevada in 1859. His in- credibly rich slrike was virtually depleted by 189o, but Nevada still ranks as 
America's third richest gold-producing state. 
There's a fortune for peo- ple who abstain from the 

PLACER COLD is found mainly in 

Montana and 
Wyoming, 

 although it is mined In 27 olher stales as well. In placer mining, nature has done most of the work of loosening the gold from the earth. Hard-rock mining means crushing rock to get at it. 

WlWTHE 
AZTEC 
^^ TREASURE, worth at least $14 million, smuggled out of Old Mex- ico, is — according to legend — slashed In an old mine tunnel called the 
White Mountain Diggings in Johnson Canyon near 
Kanab, Utah. There are strange stone writings nearby. 

}g YANKEE BLADE 
^Bfl' carrying 
Mother 

I.ode gold insured for $153,- 
ooo hit rocks on October 1, 
1o54. just a mile and a half from the California shore. 
The purser said later: "She was shipping water so fast no one dared go down lo the hold." 

HHB TIIE L°ST DUTCH 
%tsP O V E N MINE is somewhere north of Dan- ny. Calif In the 189os, Tom 
Scliulicld unearthed a rusty 
Dutch oven In a deserted camp. When he kicked lite pot. gold ore ran out. He got lost on tlie way home, and never found his way back to the pot of gold. 

|8 THE 
LOST if 
NUGGET MINE is 

 said to be ncar'Topcc, 
A r i z o n a . In 
19o1, a 

 passenger on a train show- ed off gold nuggets worth 
$3o.oo(1. He went back with his son to work the claim, hut both were later found murdered. The source of 
Ihcir nuggets Is still un- known. 

O 

S AN 
FRANCIS 

X A V I E R was a 

Icakwond treasure galleon which left Manila in 17o5, never Lo be seen again. 
Fragments of beeswax blocks from the Philip- pines were found near the mouth of the Nehalcn 
R i v e r , leading some scholars to think the treasure ship might be beneath theNehalen sands. im^m 
O 

THE 
LOST 

B O N A N Z A is In 

Nevada, somewhere norlh of Austin. A Mormon was traveling from Salt Lake lo 
Carson City. Nevada, when he came upon what he call- ed "a whole mountain of gold." He was driven off by 
Indians and later atlcmpls lo find the spot failed. 

• MB SOUTH DAKOTA Is 
^•^ the second richest gold-producing state. The 
Fourche and Cheyenne rivers and most of their tributaries often carry great quantities of "color" from rich lodes In the 
Black Hills through which they cut. Gold panners can still be found working the state's streams. 

BKjf COLORADO'S hills 
^SST arc stiff with gold. 
The Cripple Creek gold- field, itiscovercd in 1891, was producing $2o million annually by the turn of the century. Most of tho rivers in [lie .stale, including the streams around Denver, are gold-bearers. 

THE 
LOST 
' <;UNSIGHT MINE, 

Death Valley, was found by 
Mormons who came upon a rich vein of silver. One filled his rifle with a sight whittled of pure silver, hence the name. They came out of the desert wilh four wagons of silver, bul no one has been able to find the mine since. 

[;• SAN SEBASTION 
•^ was wrecked near 

Catalina Island in 1754. She was a galleon from Manila, with a cargo estimated nt 
$6oo,ooo. Her crew Is believed to have been massacred by pirates. Skin divers recently found an anchor 2oo yards off shore that may have come from | the ship. 

I THE 
LOST 

SOAP 
MAKER 

MINE is named after Olto 
Schulz, n soap maker who vanished with three Mex- icans when they went to move about $25,ooo In gold from a mine west of Ajo, 
Ariz. Years later, a dying 
Indian confessed to a priest that he and some com- panions murdered them. 

O 

THE 
LOST 

BADGER MINE is 

 near Murphy. Oregon, and was found by Karl Meyer in 1878. lie localed a rich deposit of gold the first time by following a badger to its cave. But when he went back he lost his way. 
He Eater sickened and died without seeing it again. 

O 

TIIE BROTHER 
J O N A T H A N , a 

 wooden steamer, smashed inlo Seal Rocks on July 28, 
1865. She went down with a crew of 166 and a Ireasure of gold and paper money worth $25o.ooo.The money inlended for American troops, is thought to be In the ship's safe in aout 2oo feel of waler. 

® 

SAN ACUSTIN, a 
3oo-ton 
M a n i l a 

 galleon, arrived at San h'ranciscu Day in 1D99. 
While her crew was ashore building a long boat, the ship sank in a squawl, go- ing down with jewels, ivory and gold valued at 55oo.ooo. 
The wreckage of her hull off Point Reyes is In less 
Uian 1oo feet of water. 

O 

T l l i : 
MOTIIIill 

1.o1 il-:. n Inific gold- 

 field extending 125 miles long by 5o deep, lies along 
Ihc western slope of the 
Sierra Nevada Mounlains a n d , for its size, is probably the world's richest placer mining region. The field is in- terlaced by a system of 

: rivers which converge east 
| of San Francisco. 

MONTANA 

OREGON 

© o 

SOUTH 
DAKOTA 

NEVADA 

CALIFORNIA 

ARIZONA 

^ COLORADO 

Vim EMPEROR 
**^ MAXIMILIAN 
Napoleon Ill's puppet on the Mexican Ibrone during the American Civil War, Is said to have looted the country of 45 barrels of treasure and sent il north for safekeeping. U is said to he buried near Castle 
Gap. near Pecos, Texas. 

NEW 
MEXICO 
. ~ 

TEXAS 

O 

TRINIDAD was a 
35-ton 
Spanish 

1 caravel, loaded wilh $4 

 million in Aztec gold and jewels shipped north from 
Acapulco by Corlcz In 1539. 
II sank off Point La Jolla. 

I Some treasure — valued 

 al $25o,ooo — has been found by scuba divers. 

JBT HE 
LOST y 
DUTCHMAN MINE 

 is in IhcSuperslillon Moun- tains casl of Phoenix, Ariz. 
It was found in 1887 by a 
German immigrant named 
Jacob Walz, who made the rounds of Phoenix saloons passing out nuggets for whisky. Many thought 
Wai/, robl>cd other miners and had no claim of his own. 

TIIE 
LOST 

PF.GLEG MING Is 

 somewhere between 
Walker's Station and 
Warner's Pass, Calif. 
Pegleg Smllh stumbled inlo San Diego with some black gold and suffering from ma I nutrition. lie fore he died, he told nurses he found the gold, valued at 
$15oo, on a mountain peak. 

 mjJCm THE LOST ADAMS 
%£? M I N E is 

 somewhere north of i 

G r a n t s . New 
Mexico. I 

Charlie Adams, leading a ; prospecting p.irly. found a \ stream bed thick with gold. 
A German with Ihe group i pulled out 
$1o,ooo in I 

 nuggets. They were attack- ed by Indians. Adams es- caped and made seven un- successful attempts lo find | lite canyon. 

® 

TIIE 
LOST 

SIXSHOOTER 

MINE IS somewhere norlh of Yuma, Arizona. II was named after a prospector who died In a sandstorm. 
When his body was found his pockets — and holster from which his plslol was missing — wore Bluffed w i t h gold ore which assayed out at $25,ooo n 
Ion. 

_•••_ 
® 

WHITE SANDS 

MISSILE RANT.E. 

There are perslstenl rcporls of n fabulous treasure (estimates start at $5o million! in the San 
Andreas Mountains on tills restricted government base, which consists of 
"ricks of gold bars slacked like cordwood!" Claiming the wealth is a Mrs. Ova 
Nnss. 

SUHLETT'S MINE is In Ihe Guadalupc 

 anunlalns, Texas. Old timer lien Sublctt slinmbl- ed into a saloon In Odessa, 
Texas,with n sack cramm- ed with gold nuggets, boasting lie had found the world's richest mine. 
Bushwhackers trailed him for years but Den died wilh his sccrcl, 

THE STAR IS ALWAYS PULL OF TREASURE 

A Go1D DIGGER'S GUIDE TO THE 
RICHES THAT STILL LIE HIDDEN 

 mil JEAN I.AFITTE'S 
^•^ |;KI sea fight ripped llic Spanish off for the 
I1' r e n c 
1 h b u c c a n e e r ' s 

 biggest haul. $2 million in pure bar s i l v e r . A 

 h e n c h m a n . 
CJ a s p a r 

Trammel!, came under at- tack I r a n s p u r t i ng il overland and dumped Ihc booty in Hendrkk's Ijke near Talum, Texas. 

W»l THE BENJAMIN 
^•^ N O B L E , a lake steamer, sank with" all hands in a sudden gale on 
April 27. 1914. not far from 
Knife Island in the deepest of the Great Lakes. The steamer was carrying a mixed cargo valued at more man $25o.ooo. 

• THE KAMI.OOPS, 
~ carrying a load ol li- 

 quor and machinery worlh 
$5oo.ooo. is one of three steamers to sink near Isle 
Royale. The others were 
Ihe Algona. which went down in 188$ with 2oo Ions of railroad steel, and Ihe 
Manislee. which, sank with a cargo of copper ingots. 

® <;i'\Il.l>A. a luxury 

 y a c hI s a n k on 

August 31. 1311. carrying precious ««[ns valued at more than S5oo.ooo. This 
2oo-foot pleasure craft, owned by W.L. Hnrkness. has -been sought by many divers unsuccessfully. 

'YORK 

W4m JESSE JAMES and 
^•^ his gang hijacked 52 million from the Mexicans down along the border and burled it in the Wichita 
Mountains near Lawlon, 
Oklahoma. Jesse's brother 
Frank spent the lasl years of his life looking for the hoard, without success. 

VIRGINIA 

OKLAHOMA 

£«vf 
-r-mJr SOUTH" , 
F?*r 
CAROLINA I 

GEORGIA 

FLORIDA! 

MERIDA at the m o u t h of 

Chesapeake Bay. The vessel wenl down May 12, 
1911, wilh n cargo valued upwards of $5.5 million, in- cluding Ihc Hapshurg crown jewels and .huge amounts of gold from Mex- ican treasury vaults, sent out of the country during a revolution. 

REPUBLIC, the 

_ 
British White Star 

 liner carrying $3 million In gold eagle coins, was struck amidships hy the 
Italian steamer Florida in dense fog in 1oo9 and sank in 22(1 feel of water nff Nan- tuckcl Island. Mass. 

X!!»TIIE EASTERN 
^Uf 
STATES f r o m 

Alabama to Maryland were once gold producers. And there were pockets of Ihe sluff In New England as w e l l . 
I n d i a n s who 

 prospected in the Smilh are believed lo have hidden a vast treasure in what is now flic Great Smokies 
National Park. 

I HUSSAR, Ihe King's 

Frigate s.ink in 178o 

 wilh more than $3 million aboard — just a few hundred yards from Ihe 
Bronx shore. Today it lies deep in East River still in the shadows of New York's skyscrapers. 

® THE CENTRAL 

A M E R I C A , 
.a 

 steamer carrying $2.4 million in gold bullion in- gots and dust from the 
California goldfield con- 

 signed to New York banks, sank on September 12,1857, four miles off Ihc casterr. lip of Diamond Shoals near 
Capo Haltcrns, N.C. 

HjJB BLACK BEARD the 
^•^ pirate, whose real 

 name was William Teaeli, ] was the bloodiest nf all the buccaneers. His favorite base was Ooracoke, North 
Carolina, and while Ihcre nrc other rcporls lie buried his treasure elsewhere, people arc still digging up his island haunts. 

 mjfM 
SUPERIOR was a 
^•^ sidcwhecl steam- 

 boat lhat went In the bol- tom just olf CIrand Island. 
Michigan. She was loaded j 
I wilh supplies for the iron 

 mines al Ihc head of Ihc | lake. Including barreled whisky and $3o.ooo in gold | in the safe. 

® thc s l e a m e r | 

C I I I C O K A dis- 

 appeared in a heavy storm I o f f 
Bcnlon 
H a r b o r * 

Michigan January 21. 1895. 
Some years ago. a fisher- I man's net snared bits of I her wreckage.The Chicora [ carried barreled whiskey and more Ihan SSO.OOO in | her vault. 

NORTHERNER was a sidewheel 

 sleamer. whirl] sank April 
18.185ti. alter a collision in 
Ihe southern end of Lake 
Huron. She had more than 
$25.ooo in cash in her safe. 
Much of her cargo has washed ashore, bul the I valuables remain aboard. 

' ONTARIO, a British | 

 schooner, her holds 

 crammed with muskets, swords and collector's 
Ireasure. Is judged lo be ] 
Ihree miles from Oswego. 
The vessel, which vanished d u r i n g a snowslorm 

November 23. 1783. also | carried a military payroll. 

MARQUKTTE AND 
BOSSEMEll, two 

 car ferries, vanished in a blizzard on Dec. 7. 19o9 carrying 37 railroad cars and a safe containing $5o.- 
ooo — about seven miles east of Conneaut. Ohio, some five miles from shore. The lake is 6o (eel deep at that point. 

DE l l l l A A K , a 

British f r i g a t e , 

 loaded with bounly from six Spanish prizes worth more than $1.5 million foundered In a squall 3'.4 m l l u s o f f 
L e w e s , 

Delaware, on May 1o. 1798. 
Repealed salvage attempts 
(mosl recent 
19371 have 

 proved unsuccessful. 

[l« S E V E N 
P O N Y 

 loads of gold coins 

 were taken from 
New 

Orleans by a LI. Col. 
IS'icholls alter the British defeat there. He dumped the coins Inlo old Yarlxir 
Pond when they came un- der attack. Attempts to drain the pond have failed. 

VKKNON. one of the most smarlly 

 filled lake vessels of her lime, sank Ihrec miles off 
Two Rivers. Wise.. Oct. 29. 
1887. 
She carried a cargo 

 worlh $6o.ooo and about 
$15.ooo in cash in her safe. 

The sleamer 

WATER WITCH 

 vanished during a savage storm in November. 1863. with valuables in the passenger quarlers and cash, in Ihe safe. She is thought to lie less than two miles o f f 
Oscoda, 

Michigan. The Water 
Wilch was a spanking new vessel when she went down. 

 mim G L E N O B A a 
^•^ schooner, went 

 down on November 19.1887 wilh valuables estimated al $25.ooo. At the same end of Lake Ontario, in Ihc 
Thousand Island region,is the wreck of the Sir Robert 
Pee!, sunk in tho war of 
1833. 

( T H E 
D E A N 

R I C H M O N D , 
A 

 steamer sank a few miles norllicast of Dunkirk, N'.Y., on Oct. 14. 1893, wilh no survivors. She reportedly had $14o,ooo in bullion in 
Ihe slrongroom, plus a cargo of high-grade copper ore and pig lead. Her hulk lies In about 12S feel of water. 
O WII1DAII. a galley, 

 struck Peaked Hill 

Bar. off Cape Cod In 1717. 
Bloody Sam Bellamy the plraleandall bul (woof his crew drowned. The sur- vivors admitted Ihcrc was more than $1oo,ooo in gold aboard. Coins have been turning up on the beaches after storms ever since. 

PARADISE for Hie treasurer hunter is 

In the Florida area, where there arc ships of Spain that were returning to the motherland laden wilh treasure from Ihe New 
World. Twice a year, ar- madas carrying as much as 
$2o millions proceeded north from Cuba. These convoys moved slowly and wore v u l n e r a b l e to hurricanes as well as plrales. The most famous hurricane struck in July of 
1733, scatlering the wrecks of 16 treasure ships against 
Ihe Florida Keys. Florida's waters have yielded booty of every description. 
Beginning in the 
194os, 

 serious salvage efforts hnveyieldcd gold, silver in- gots, jewelry, plate and bronze cannon in profusion from Florida waters. 

UNLOCK OUR CHEST EVERY WEEK 

THIS UNCANNY WORLD ... Every week mysteries that keep millions guessing 

By CARLYLE STEVENS 

A NEW face, a new place — yet how often do you get that strange feeling that you've seen it all before? 

You could be living your second 

 life, says Dr. Ian Stevenson, professor of psychiatry at the 
University of Virginia School of 
Medicine. 

He's delved Into the uncanny 

 world of life-after-death, in- 

 vestigating' 6oo curious cases in which ordinary folk appear to have memories derived from a previous life on earth. 

Incredible? Well, try telling that 

 to Stevenson. His evidence (he doesn't claim that it's proof) com- es from countries as diverse as In- dia and Ceylon, Brazil, Lebanon, 
Turkey, Britain, Germany, and the United States. 
Curious caso of 
Ravi Shankar 

One ease is that of a boy in 

India named Ravi Shankar (no relation to the concert star) who, between the ages of two and three,began to claim that he had lived before as a boy named Munna. 

He "remembered" his home 

 in a city some 2oo miles from the isolated village where he was then living. 

He said he could recall the 

 circumstances of his death, and often talked about it. 

He said that he had been 

 stabbed at the age of six by two hoodlums. 

When Ravi .Shankar was 

 four, he met [he father of Mun- na, the murdered boy. Ravi was able to describe in detail many incidents in the life of 
Munna. such as his house, his toys, other members of his family, and his violent death. 

Ravi pointed to a peculiar 

HAVE 
WE 

BEFORE? 

 at 

 the mystery of life after death 

 birthmark on his throat, resembling the scar of a knife wound, and said it was a relic of having been killed in his previous lite. 

He'd been stabbed in the 

 throat, he said. This detail proved to be correct, though apparently there was no nor- mal way Ravi could have known it. 

The father of Munna, the 

 dead boy, became convinced 

 thalRaviwashissonrebornin another body. 

And, after careful on-.the- spol investigation, Dr. 
Stevenson concluded that the case couldn't be explained away as a hoax or a bizarre delusion. - 
Curious cass of 
Corliss Chotkln 

One of the eeriest cases 

 featuring birthmarks is that of 

Sptciaf Offer (o oar 
Order your 

Coat-of-Arms 

 report 

Did you know your family name was 

 probably recorded fn hornldic archives? 

Order a personal research report tell- 

 ing the story of your family name 

 illustrated with your Coat-of-Arms. 

Makes n unique gift that's 

 truly personal for family 

 or friends. Order 

 any surname. 

Wo promise you'll bo 

 completely satisfied or 

 we'll return your money. 

Also, if your name has not 

 been researched, we'll 

 return your money and 

 send yovi a frcn gift. 

 nntl 

Ilnliici t's. Inc., 
DeptAT 
Haiti. Ohio <M21o 

 flense send mo_ copies of tin- Co'nt-of-Arms rcsc-nrch j 

 report for flip name 
,. | 

I've, enclosed:?_ 
. ($2 Torino first v<>j>yaiul?l fnrcacli 

 fio jirint) 

<\Vc ilo not Irncp nny iirllvIcUi.il family trees, Liit tiy io firvl Iho 
?flrlicsl icfoidttl Co;tt i>f Amis for c.irft f.unily n.nnc.i 

 an Alaskan named Corliss 
Chotkin, Jr., who's half Anglo- 
Saxon and half TlingiC Indian. 

The Tlingils were the 

 original dwellers in Alaska, and have a traditional folk belief in reincarnation. 

In 1946, a full-blooded Tllngit 

 named 
Victor Vincent 

 predicted to his niece that after his death he would come back to be reborn as her child. 

"As your son, I'll have these 

 marks," he said, and pointed to a scar on the right side of his nose and to one on his back. 

Both scars were the result of 

 surgical operations. 

Vincent died soon after mak- 

 ing his prediction. Some 18 months later, his niece bore a son, Corliss Chotkin, and the baby had two odd birthmarks. 

One was on the right side of 

 his nose, the other on his back, 
They were identical, in size and location, to those on 
Vincent's body. 

"The birthmark on the boy's 

 back was extraordinary," Ian 
Stevenson told me. 

"Stitch marks were plainly 

 visible, although these have faded somewhat with age." 

How did these marks from a - previous body, if that's what they are, get on the new body? 
Dr. Stevenson thinks that the carry-over of p a i n f u l 

 memories may be responsible. 

The mechanism may be 

 similar to that by which blisters can be formed under hypnosis simply by telling a person that a pencil touching his arm is actually a red-hot poker. 
"Through reincarnation, we have the possibility of some in- sight into the causes of disease that we haven't had before. 
Curious caso of 
Martha 

"In one case, in Brazil, in- 

 volving a girl named Martha, the previous personality in effect committed suicide by standing in rain and cold weather and developing a cold that turned into tuberculosis of the larynx. 

"At the end of her life, Just 

 before she died, she lost her voice. 

"So the apparently reborn 

Martha, as a young child, was susceptible to attacks of laryngitis when she would lose 

 her voice and become ex- tremely hoarse." 

Stevenson suggests that cer- 

 tain strong, unaccountable preferences people have — for a certain name, or place, or period of history -- may relate to memories of a previous lifetime. 
Curious case of 
Henrietto 

He i n v e s t i g a t e d the 

 dramatic case of a Dutch-born painter living in New York, 
Henriette Wcis^-Roos. Born with Ihc name Hoos, she married a man called Weisz whom she later divorced. 

She called herself Mrs. 

Wcisz-Roos. 

Later, she came to believe 

'that she was influenced in some special way by the per- sonality of the great IBth cen- tury Spanish painter Goya as if she had actually known him. 

Then she road a biography of 

 the painter and found mat in his later years of exile from 
Spain, Goya had been sheltered by a French woman called Leocadia Weisz, 

'Lovers' who met 7oo 

 years later 

WHEN a woman patient told Dr. Arthur Guirdham about the terrifying nightmares that caused her to wake up screaming, he was amazed. 

For they were just about Che same dreams that hat! 

 tormented his sleep. The similarity of the dreams con- vinced both the doctor and 
Ihe woman, identified only as a "Mrs. Smith," that they both were reliving events from a previous life more than 7oo years ago. 

Shocked 

Mrs. Smith was equally 

 shocked at Ihc first sight of 
Dr. Guirdham because he looked like the man who figured so prominently In her dreams — as her loverl 

Dr. Guirdham, a psy- 

 chiatrist from Bath, England, first met the woman when she was sent to him for treatment. 

According to the dreams, 

Mrs. Smith was living in 
Toulouse, France, during Iho cruel era of Ihc Spanish In- quisition. 

One night a priest nf an out- 

 lawed religious sect, Roger de 
Grlsolles. came to her home and asked for shelter. The two of them fell in love and ran away together and she became his mistress. 

In the drcatn, two In- 

 quisitors were murdered and both the priest and the woman were arrested. He died In prison and she was burned at the stake. Mrs. Smith's night- mares vividly detailed her painful end. 

Dr. Giiirdhnm wan Intrigued 

 by Hie story and checked out 

 the historical records of the time. 

To his surprise, lie found 

 that such an incident did take place In the 13th Century. 

Also, Mrs. Smith's dreams 

 contained facts not known to scholars until recent years. 

• Did the romance that blossomed 7oo years ago 
(lower again in the 2olh Cen- tury? 

"No, not at all," Dr. 

Guirdham told the Star. "Our relationship was purely that of doclor and pallcnt." 

NEXT WEEK...WHO 
WAS THE WHITE GOD 
OF AMERICA'S PAST ft 

EVERY WEEK IN THE STAR—THE PAGE THAT KNOWS WHERE IT'S AT 
The four 
Pointers to the top 

LIKE little kids locked in a candy store after closing time, the Pointer Sisters swept into New York City recently, ready to consume everything in sight. 

The youngest sister, June, was knocked 

 out by the flu, but the others 
—^ 
- 
27-year-old Ruth, a 

 wisecracker in the Eve Arden mold, red-haired Anita, 25, and Bonnie, who Is 23 — more than made up for the lost energy. 

7h» girls,'who have just 

 released Iheir second album, 
Thai's A' Plenty, arrived in town with clothes a-plenty, too. That's their trademark. 

"We've got three wardrobe 

 cases and over a dozen sets of clothes ..." begins Bonnie. "... and we never have enough," finishes Ruth. 

And that's what the Pointers 

 are all about. They sing 194o 
Andrews Sisters tunes, 195os cat-Jazz numbers, and 1974 
Junk, like Yes, We Can Can and 
Home fiotn The Hills on their new album. 

Church 

Oddly enough, they never had 

 a lot of music around them when they were younger. Daughters of preachers in Oakland's Church of 
God, they were not allowed to sing, dance or listen to tho radio. 

"People tell us that we sound 

 like the Andrews Sisters or Billie 
Holl'Kfay, but until we bought all those old records, we never heard them," admits Bonnie. 

"The first I heard of Billie 

Holliday was when I saw Lady 
Sings the Blues." 

And do those babies lova to 

 dance! 

"Even a high school dance," 

 said Anita. Bonnie added: 
"Oakland Technical High school, our old school, sent us a letter while we were In Paris — PARIS! asking us to play thare." 

Ruth butts Ini "And they 

 wouldn't let me go to the senior prom because 1 was caught smoking in the bathroom." 

And the girts break into a 

 chorus of SmoWn' In the Boys' 
Room. 

Listening to their verbal in- 

 terplay, it's easy to hear Iho natural harmonies'of these musical sisters. And even their parents love it now. 
"We live with them now, but, when we get back, we'll get our own place," says Ruth. 

"E«ept they'll still live with us 

— you know mother," she says, and the girls laugh In agreement. 

By STAN MIESES 

Big band 
Barry finds success unlimited 

BARRY WHITE ... "I'm the commander" 

Three of the Pointer Sisters — Anita (top left), Ruth (right) and Bonnie. Picture.by Ian Lowrie. 

PIANO MAN BILLY HITS A HAPPY NOTE 

Bidy Joel ...proud of his new »lnim 

BILLY JOEL !s a showy, slory-tclling piano player, with a busy style and non- slop energy. 

Ills album, Piano Mali, nnd 

Ills single of Ihc same name ore both doing remarkably well In the charts and thla 
Hlcksvlllc, Long Island, native is very happy about It. 

"I'm prouil of my album," 

 he says. "I wouldn't normally say tliat. I usually tnko my 
•alulf and rip It up Into shreds. 

Billy's Image, however, hns. 

 gone through a shredder In the last few years. 

Ho used to use his un- 

 controllable energy to Imrialc 
Joe Cocker, but graduated from that to Iiis new riano- 
Man label. 

"They got liunR into that," 

 he says. "It's juslthe title of a song, not what I am." 

He talks a little like Cagney 

In short, clipped phrases, 

"I'm n songwriter, but I 

 dou't think of myself as a lyricist. Lyrics are (he vehicle for the sonfi. I'm not trying to be profound." 

Billy's lifelong ambition was 

(o play the piano In public. Ku cnlls himself a "Gentle baby." 

"They turned me on to rock. 

I was 14, prime and ready. 1 

 don't like old rock 'n roll and I didn't like it then." 

Billy didn't care much for 

 school then either. "I never eraduatcd because-I never went to gym," he recalls. 

"I had gym first period and 

 they gave us a minute for showers. J had long hair then, so I couldn't make It to the next class on time. 

"But I didn't need n high 

 school diploma to get a record contract." 

BARRY WHITE sat draped over a couch in his hotel suite, feeling very full and' satisfied. 

On the. far side of the room, two large 

 tables were burdened by the remains of what looked like a Roman feast. 

Barry White certainly has an appetite. 

For everything. For full-sounding music that he, Love Unlimited, and the Love 
Unlimited Orchestra produce. And for 
.the luxuries and comforts that his new found success has brought him. 

"I'm very shrewd with the dollar," 

 said the large, waxy-haired man whose albums, Stone Gon' Under the Influence 
Of, and Rhapsody in White,have settled high on the-charts. 

Dtamonda 

"But money don't make me" lie said. 

"Nobody should ever work at a goat thinking that way. The long dollar, the big money, mani, that'll run away with your patience. And when you do that, you give up." 

Barry White, like the song, is never 

 gonna give it up. Success has brought him a 21-room house, a luxury car, dia-; niond rings and a diamond-studded watch, a music corporation which handles his interests, and the opportuni- ty to say: 

"I've surpassed my goal so far that 

 everything I think about I can afford and own. 

"nut, like I say, you can't put luxury 

 and idols in front of you. The reason for a career is because you love it and want to do it;" 
• 

Hona»t 

Barry White's music, like the fringe 

 benefits reaped from it's success, is rich. 
He employs 19o pieces m the Love 
Unlimited Orchestra, combining a com- plete string section with a basic rhythm and blues track. 

His latest hit, Honey Please, Can't Ya 

See? can be heard everywhere, from 
Harlem tenements to the chic salons of 
Paris. 

"It's music man, real honesl-to-God 

 music," he said. "People know it, and respect it. The reason so many different people dig it is that most people are the same, they just say things differently." 

"I don't use Instruments for prestige, 

 you know. I never say: 'I use 19o pieces' like it's supposed to mean something. 
It's not for an effect, it's got a reason. 

Barry is planning several 

 more albums with Love 
Unlimited and the Orchestra, and several . movie 

 soundtracks. ' 

But he sold they won't 

 be out as frequently as they have In the past year. 

"I never had a vacation 

 between the age ol 17 and 29," he explained. "I'm goiroi; to take tho rest of iho year oft.' 

•Fabian rocks back again- 

ONE-TIME pop idol Fabian Forte Is mak- ing a comeback at the age of 31. Fabian was 14 when he was picked off a 
Philadelphia schoolgrouhd to become an overnight sensation as a top rock and roll singer. That was 1958, when 

 solo male singers were the rage. But at the age of 18, Fabian "retired" — as groups like the Beatles moved In. Now 
— 13 years on — Fabian is going back on the road. "I just want to work' again," he said. 

PAGE3TTMEMATIONALSTAHArmiM. ISH 

GATCH ON TO THE SUPER SWINGING STAR ... IT WILL BRING NEW ZING INTO YOUR HOME 
Find out what fruit of 

 you 
APPLE waiting to be plucked. 

IF someone told you they were descended from a passionate apple, you might have good reason to think they were nuts. 

But some people believe that life with all its pitfalls and bruises began on a 

 tree. That's right. They maintain that before emerging as human beings we grew on trees as fruit. Fruit of passion they call it. 

The sort of fruit you are can be determined by your face or your own personality. 
Which fruit do you think 
A ^-^ 

By NANCY GRAY 

MILLIONS of us are tatting a risk every morning when we step up to our medicine cabinets. 

For even simple tasks like cleaning teeth, using 

 eye drops or putting on makeup could endanger our health. 

The peril lies in the many cosmetic products on 

 sale today which contain chemicals or substances known to be harmful 

One example is asbestos, wliich is used in 

 talcum powder, yet it is known to be linked with cancer and lung disease. 

Cosmetic products caused more than 5o,ooo 

 accidents last year,according to the Consumer. 
Product Safety Commission. 

 you are? 

THE APPLE is untouched 

 by human hands and innocent to the core. 

Men gravitate towards her 

 and apple Falls for them all. 
But she's still waiting to be plucked off the tree of life by her apple-Jack. 

THE PEATl is pale, freckled 

 and so vulnerable. Just ripe or picking. But she bruises easily and should be handled vith care. 

At first she appears hard 

 and withdrawn but with a Ilt- le kindness she can ripen into the juiciest fruit of all. 

THE PEACH is warm and 

Icshy. with a velvety skin and i healthy bloom. A totally ounded personality. 

Faars 

She lakes men, children and ilhcr helpless things to her generous bosom and calms away their fears. Everyone iround her takes on her cheer- ul glow, basking in her unshine. 
THE PRUNE Is dark and 

 wrinkled. Purple shadows rrom too many sleepncss nights give her a tired, used ook.' 

 ler heart is big and men 

 warm to it. But they soon find ut it js made of stone. 
TI1K ORANGE is sensitive, ut no one realizes it because he has r 'inch exterior. 

 you 

 sweet or sour? 

 pensive. She always looks as if she has a very active sex life. 
And she does. She is mellow, warm, generous and much in demand. 

THE GOOSEBERRY — 

 oops — is the sweet girl everyone uses as a blind date. 

She is described as a "nice character" and you are assured you will like her. She is quiet, reserved and likes embroidery which she docs 

 well. 

THE BANAMA is direct, 

 straightforward and frank. 
But she uses .the honest approach only when it suits her. 

Because she has the reputa- 

 lion of being frank, all her lit- tle deceits work beautifully. 

THE PLUM is rich, smooth 

 and so tasty — the ultimate prize. 

When a plutn drops In his 

 lap, a man should take her — or the rest of his life will he fruitless. 
PLUM a 3 prize-very tasty. 

PEBlLfIN 

AIDS 
ARE YOU 

YOUR 
FACE? 

Their casebook included two 

 incidents which ended in tragedy: 
• fn upstaieNew York, a' 21- 

 year-old girl died suddenly while running for a bus. She had just sprayed her hair and inhaled more spray and p r o p e l l a n t than her 

 respiratory tract could stand 
• In SI. Louis s girl lost the sight of an eye when she ac- cidentally scratched her cor- nea with a mascara brush. 

Pressure 

It is cases like these that 

 have put the 57 billioh-a-year cosmetic industry under pressure for tighter controls. 

But the Cosmetic, Toiletry 

 and Fragrance Association claimed this week thai the in- dustry's safety record speaks for itself — only 6o,ooo ac- cidents' among the millions of 
Americans who use health and beauty aids every day. 

At present cosmetics can be 

 introduced without testing by outside agencies or registra- tion with (he FooJ and Drug 
Administration. 

The FDA investigates 

 cosmetics only when con- sumer complaints 
"are 

 greater than normal,1' said 
Dr. Heinz Eiermann, the agen- cy's director of cosmetic technology.. 

"We lest and recall if the 

Women warned of the makeup risks they face 

 product proves unsafe. But we cannot go out and test 2o,ooo products in Ihe market." 

The FDA has registered only 

 half the cosmetics on sale, which means that consumers virtually have to test the rest. 

The agency has already 

 recalled three products this year: 

LONG NAILS: a plastic nail 

 lengthener made by 
Dark 

Eyes Co., which contained a poisonous substance, methyl melhacrylatc. 

N A I L L U H E : made by 

Claire Topper and containing a poisonous substance, for- maldehyde. 

BARCOLENE baby sham- 

 poo: recalled for bacterial contamination. 

Leading 
Ihe fight for 

 stricter controls on cosmetics is Senator Thomas Eaoleton 
(D. Mo). 

He is trying to push through 

Congress a hill f o r c i n g manufacturers to list all in- gredients on the label, lest all products for safely and submit results to the FDA and also 

TBS (tribromosalicylaniiide), being banned by FDA for use in soap, is used as a preser- vative in thousands of cosmetics. 

,SKIN MASKS 

SKIN masks containing 

 plastic resins peel off outer layers of the skin and destroy the protective barrier. 

TALCUM POWDER 

ASBESTOS, associated 

 with cancer and lung disease, is present in ta!c. 

 file all formulas and com- plaints with the FDA. 

He told a Senate sub- 

 commillce hearing: "Con- sumers have been presented with — and injured by — for- maldehyde in nail polish, hex- aclilorophcne and asbeslos In talcum powder, oxcessivirtior- monc content in skin creams and c h l o r o f o r m 
In toothpaste." 

He said labeling would make 

PRUNE has a big but hard heart. 

Sometime In tne past she ias been hurt and she has icver been able to forget it. 
<eeds very careful handling y a patient man. 
THE STRAWBERRY Is shy nd retiring and blushes asily. She brings out the rotective instinct In a man ccause he realizes she can be quashed by even a hint of riticism. 
THE RASPBERRY is what appons when a strawberry els lircd of being a "yes" 
Irl. 
She overdoes things, though, n d f i n d s f a u l t with 

 verylhing. She needs a very trong man 
THE TOMATO (yes, it Is a. ruit) Js the peace-maker. She 

 an Ideal wife, for she will 

 eaillly agree with everything er husband says — then do xactly as she wants. 
THE MANOO is big and ex- 

IF SOMEONE took a survey on the world's all-time most popular topic of conversation, it would probably be the weather. 

City follers and country folks 

 alike are concerned about the elements for varying reasons. 

And gardeners and farmers os* 

 peclally, no matter where they're from, would each give a big rod apple to control the weather. 

Well, you can control the 

 weather to some extent —or at least create the effects of cer- tain beneficial conditions. 

For instance, have you ever 

 noticed the extremely fertile 

 effect of thunder and lightning storms on your lawn and garden? 

Oxygen 

Right after o'ne of these 

 super-charged storms, plants seem to turn green instantly as a result of the electrically charged oxygen, whkh is turned Into 78 percent nitrogen, the best Hfnd of nitrogen — it's free. 

You can create this same con- 

 dition in your garden simply by practicing a special lypo of gar- dening called olectroculture. 

EfeclrocuMure is gardening 

 with the use of metal objects such as copper wire, metal trellises and tin cans. 

By attracting the static 

TRY SHOCK 
TACTICS 

JERRY BAKER 

 electricity In and around your garden, these metals force it to charge the atmosphere. 

The result Is additional help 

 from mother nature in the form of pure, gentle, and free-growing elements that increase the size, health and yield of your garden. 

Seeing it believing, and since 

 we are all interested In results, let's try agricultural energizing. 

One method Is to stretch a 

 piece of tine copper wire over the lops of your rows of plants, and fasten it to wooden stakes. 

Place Ihe wire high enough so 

 that it does not touch the plants. 

Another method is to place tin 

 cans, with the tops and bottoms removed, In the rows of plants, 
12 to 18 inches apart. Bury two inches of the can in the ground lo keep it steady. 

Here are a few other ideas to 

 try. Place a penny ring arounct roses and gel a larger plant. Do the same for small evergreens and shrubs to give them a belter start . 

To keep rabbit: and other v.ir- 

 mints away from your cabbage patch, and to charge the air at the same time,-build a wire hut over the plants. This will keep your furry friends out, and the electric energy in. 

Tomatoes can be improved by 

 training them to grow on metal poles. 

Tie them with nylon strips, 

 such as you can get from old stockings or pantyhose. This procedure will attract static electricity. 

If you haven't tried those 

 methods yel, why not do so and light your way to garden pleasure? ' 

Now get that 

QUICK, make that yummy beef casserole before the price of beef goes up again. 

This Is the time to make one of the special beef dishes 

 that have gained international reputations. 

This dish calls for some 

 p r e p a r a t i o n 
. 
. time — it 

 simmers on lop of the stove or 
In the oven for 2'.i hours — but il's well worlh the effort.- 

Beef Burgundy calls fnr Hi 

 cups inexpensive dry red wine. 

By the time it is cooked, the 

 alcohol will have evaporated completely, so the dish is suitable for children loo. 

Serve with rice or noodles, 

Or. like tlie French, serve with a crusty loaf. 

You can prepare (his dish 

 lor 14 (for four persons). 

You'll need Hi pound cubed 

 lean beef; I1.'; cups dry red wine; 4 medium carrots; 8 sm.lll onions; 
1(4 pound 

 mushrooms; and 3 tablespoons lomalo paste. 

Also.l largo minced clove 

 garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme nnd 2 

 bouillon cubes, p l u s 2 tablespoons oil 

M e t h o d : In a h e a v y 

 casserole, brown beef cubes in lint oil, Mien add 1 cup water, 
114 cup red wine, 2 houillon cubes, garlic and Ihyinc, and the lomalo paste. 

Stir to mix well nnd cover. 

Simmer covered I'/a. 

Add sliced carrots, whole 

 peeled onions and sliced mushrooms and simmer another hour. 

Toward end of cooking, un- 

 cover and ovaporalc excess li- quid to have a Rood thick sauce. 

Here Is how we've arrived at 

 tho npproxlmnle cost of $*• beef, Ji.SO; wlno (half bottle) 
$1: vegetables, o5 cents; lomnlo nasle and bouillon cubes, 15 cents; lirefid, 4o cenls. 

MAKE A DATE WITH JERRY BAKER ANDtHS ^TAR COOK EVERY WEEK IN THE STAR 

AND A NEW SPARKLE INTO THE EYES OF YOUR FAMIL 

TnEtMTTONAlSTAMPRlta. im PAGES 

CATCH ON TO THE SWINGING STAR 

POISONING 

It easier to do comparative 
: shopping. 

The senator Is backed by. 

 consumer watchdog Ralph 
Nader. 

He told the hearing: "Can this J7 billion Industry, pro- jected to grow to J!5 billion by 
198o, begin to devote Itself to improvements In safety as much as they have devoted efforts lo secrecy, the mysti- que of cosmetics and so-called creative advertising.?" 

HOW TO GET SOMETHING DONE 

A PRETTY fact like this deserves protection. And the b«st way to ensure that is to write to the watchdogs of the cosmetic industry. Their names and addresses arei 
Senator Thomas Eagleton, United States Senate, 
Washington, D.C. 

Dr. Sidney Wolfe, Health Research Group, 2ooo P. St. 

N.W., Washington, D.C. 

Send carbon copies to: Dr. Heinz,E(ermann, food and 

\Dwg Administration., 56oo Fishers Lane, Rocksville, Md.y 

KEEP 
AN EYE 
ON YOUR 
EYES 

SOME, eye cosmetics j can cause infections if not used properly.. 

Here Is a list o[ 

K 

 ecaulions, prepared by e Pood and Drug Ad- 

 ministration. 

ONE: — If any eye 

 product causes irritation, stop using it immediately. 
If the irritation persist?, see a doctor. 

T\VO: — Wash your 

 hands before applying cosmetics. Your hands carry germs which, if plac- ed in the eye, can cause in- fections. 
THREE: — Make sure 

 that any instrument you use is clean. 

FOUJl: — Do not allow eye cosmetics to become covered with dust or con- taminated with dirt or soil. 
Wipe them off with a damp cloth if necessary, 

Water 

FIVE: — Do not use old containers of eye cosmetics. If the product has been lying around fora few 'months, it's better to discard It and buy a new one. 

SIX; — Do not spit into eye cosmetics. Micro- organisms from your moulh may grow in the cosmetic and subsequent application to the eye may cause infection. Boiled water, should be added to products, that have thickened. 

SEVEN: — Do not share cosmetics. Another per- son's germs in your cosmetics can bo hazar- dous.' 

EIGHT: — Do not use 

 cosmetics at temperatures over fl5 degrees. 

NINE: — Avoid eye 

 cosmetics if you have an eye infection; 

TEN: — When applying 

 cosmetics, be careful nol 
.to scratch the eyeball. 

Dear Henry: 
Take this weight off your mind 

By SUE SNELL 

CUDDLY. Henry Kissinger has got himself one small problem to solve now that he's put the final seal on his new-found domestic detente. 

To be blunt Henry, you're too fat. And if your new wife, 

Nancy, hasn't got around to mentioning it,.l've got a few tips that will help. 

You see, it may have been okay for you to have had a 

 fatherly .figure when you were jet-setting the world after -.sexy femme fataleS like Samantha Eggar, 
Candy Bergen and Jill St. 
John.. 
• 

Out that just won't do for 

Nancy. You're 6o now and with your 5ft 1o frame you simply can't afford to remain 3o-39 pounds overweight. 

Maybe she is the love of your 

 life, but it won't stay that way unless you do something to start living up lo her 33-year- old: zing. 

Crapes 

Tor in-night-nibbling, stick 

 to grapes. They will refresh you without too much liquid retention, which is another thing you suffer from along with jet lag. 

At meal times, leave those 

 bread rolls. Just stick to meat and salad — without the dressing. I know It's easier said than done. You Invariably have to eat out of politeness to your company. 

But take a tip from Britain's 

Queen Elizabeth who has to stomach a never-ending round of banquets. She eais very slowly, always leaves something on the plate... and stays trim. 

You can do the same If you 

 follow this mcal-by-mcal diplomat's diet. 

BREAKFAST: Gel Nancy to 

MRS. FIXn 
PET SHOP 
~ 
1 

A STIT 
IN TIM 

THERE arc many unusual tilings you can do with those odd pieces of fabric that are always turning up. 

Coordinating or contrasting 

 remnanls.for Instance, con bo made into place mats or napkins. 

Contrasting fabrics can also 

 be sewn on to clolhes to • brighlcn up that dress or pair 
'of jeans with a new pocket, or just for a patchwork effect. 

Washable fabrlc.remnants 

 can bring new life lo faded towels and sheets, as well as blankets, 

Cul fabrics Into three-lnch- 

. wide strips and hem. Now sew strips to bonier sheets, pillow cases nnd towels for a coor- dinated look. 

Or sew wider strips to con- 

 ceal ravelled edges on towels and blankets. 

Curtains and drapes can be 

 given two or three bands of bright trimming of different 

CH 
E. . . 

^Stf\2S 

 widths, made from fabric remnants. 

If window blinds need a 

 facelift, try this. Cut a strip of fabric about nn inch wider than blind's width. 

It should be about twice as 

 deep as you want the fabric to appear from the front. 

Horn, then glue or stitch this 

 fabric lo the bottom of the shade so that half the fabric Is on the front nnd Ihc rest Is folded under the shade's edge lo secure at back. 

This way the bottom of the 

 shade is protected on both sides from wear and tear. 

••••^^^^^^^^•^^^^^^^^Mi^^^^^M 
THERE is a duck pond nea 
All you have to do is y 
Quack" and a flotilla anp 

If is led usually by Henry a 

 two striking Muscovy ducks five Pckin ducks, all snowy small brown female Mallarc 

The instinct of fear In such 

 creatures, many believe, Is not so much herditary as ac- quired after hatching. 

Thus, the ducks which have 

 adoplcd us show no fear. 
Henrietta who arrived first walks right up the garden path after us and would come In- doors, if invited, we think. 

Feather* 

She and her spouse, Henry, 

 are as handsome a pair as anyone could Imagine. They arc pure white with dark greenish tall feathers, a red bill and sparkling deep green eyes. 

They eat whole wheat bread, 

 bananas (cut up small and 
Ihrown in the water at pond- edge) and sardines. 

Grains and pondwccds, sedges and other plant food 
<ue apparently their normal diet. 

Wiih waterfowl under Irt- 

£» What's up, ftd Henrietta, 
^ras duck? 
^•^M ^^m ^BP^ • Vl •! 

JEANNE TWOMEY 
[ 

^^v^M^^Vv^^^^^^w^^ULj 

 creasing protection, more and mqre people ore learning to appreciate their unique in- terest and charm. 

If you have a pet duck, get A 

 book from your public- library or pet shop on his care. Tho more you study him, the more you will realize he is an In- dividual like any other creature. 

Henrietta, for Instance, is 

 moody. Somcl'mcs she stays by licrsctf on :i little point of land, Ignoring the other ducks. 

There Is a special sanctuary 

 for ducks In a great .wildlife rcfugo near us. The. Black 

Duck Is making a big come- back here-. Heijasooly-duck; with nrcsoenant quack, like that of the Mallard. 

The female <as in so many species] has a tendency to talk more than her husband. He gives a low, ready short quack. 

Henry and Henriclta have 

 never been heard to say anything. But their glances speak volumes. 

Swleh 

When our grey-striped young 

 cat, Tom Kitten, approaches while the ducks are feeding, 
Henry w.iddlc.s over. 

As he gets nearer and 

 nearer, tall feathers swishing, green eyes blnzlng, Tom 
Kitten suddenly scurries under 
(he dock , or towards the house for protection. 

LET MRS! FIXIT AND PET SHOP HELP YOU EVERY, WEEK AROUND *THE HOME; " | 

KEEP 
TRIM w:tr the Star's week.y diet and 
'mess column 

 poach you a couple of eggs on toasted white enriched -or wholemeal brown bread buttered. Total — 33o calories.- 
If you've got .a big lunch ahead, Just stick to orange juice and black coffee. 

LUNCH: Be like President 

Nixon and dig into a tub of cot- tage cheese with ketchup when you're in your office. 

Salmon 

If you're on tne move, stick 

 to proteins, vegetables and fruit. For an appetizer, smok- ed aalmon Is oXay — without the brown bread. 

Champagne,- sipped slowly, 

 and a brandy won't do any harm. But forget about port. 

At the cocktail hour, drink 

 white wine wild soda. It will keep you In good spirits without adding unwanted in- ches to your wnist. Give the peanuts a miss, but caviar is permissible. 

DINNER: If you've had a 

 big lunch, ask Nancy tn rustle up a grilled steak. If you're out on Die State Dinner circuit you'll Just have to cat sparing- ly ... and compensate the next day by eating less. 

If you're globe-trolling 

 forget the rice In China; the sour-cream pancakes In 
Russia; Hie rich sauces In 
Europe. They'll be your calorific downfall. 
Key to calories 
BETTE Levin, from Brooklyn 
N. Y. wrote to Ihc Sta recently: 

"I read with great inlcrcs 

Carbo-Calorie Diet. Bui coult you tell me what the Carbo-Ca rate Is for n few oilier thing that are very important in my life? The list is attached." 

With pleasure. Here's th rating. 
1 slice of white bread — 13; shot of Scolch — 4; 1/2 cu. tomato Juice — B-, 1/2 cup Jell 
— 18; 1 piece bnnnmi crcan pie — 42; 1 4-in. buttcrmll pancake — 1o; 1/2 cup bra cereal — 15; 1 America cheese sandwich — 34; cheeseburger — .14; 1/2 cu cottage cheese plain — 7; 1/2 cup corned beef hash — IB; oz. chicken n-la-king — 14; I/ cup pork & be:ins — 34; Ttns sian dressing, 1 tahlcspoon 

HOLLYWOOD'S Barbara 
Hershey 
Seagull and boyfriend, David (Kung 

Fu) Carradine go typically West Coast casual on a Big night out. She prefers a flea market velvet suit and a beaded bag, while he opts, for' the ski-parka look. 

THE designing Princess Diane Von 
Furstenberg wound yards of feathers around her Jo whip up this dress for an East Coast party. 

WITH both spouses elsewhere, Frederick 
Brisson 

(married to Rosalind Russell) and Christina Ford 
(married to Henry II) went to a Manhattan premiere together. Again it was feathers to the fore. 

TYPICAL of the Jet-set travel girls is Heidi Balzer, who lives in Italy. 
She flew to New York for a party and arrived looking fabulous. Her hot pink dress and matching feathers raised the temperature and helped make the party a wow. 

LADY JANE Welleslay. girlfriend of 
Prince Charles, donned a pink, frilled sown for a movie premier In London. 

PEGGY GOLDWATER, wife of Senator 
Barry Qoldwater, steps out'In this smart calama outfit. 

LA's trendy set can still stand to learn a bit about fashion and Blanca Jagger's the right one to show them. At a rock performance she wore a skimpy whita toga covered by a shiny cape trimmed In feathers. Anything she wears sets a trend. 

ACTOR Richard Thomas, of The Waltons, sports a polka-dot bow tie and brush 
Jacket at a UNICEF party in Now York. 

ROUGH and tough Jim Brown and date Diane Stanley made a posh 
Los Angeles party In washed out jeans. Jim's are apptiqued with se- quins and Diane sports a sequinned velvet jacket. 

LONDON comic Peter Cook, and his wife, 
Judy, show up at a New York opening with 
Judy in a walking suit and Peter In ruffles. 

TiieNATtomsTAn APStn.».im uestions _ 
Answered 

 fVtllY WKK, THE COLUMN 

THAT KNOWS IT ALL 

Q 
CAN you tell me what states have gained and lost most in population over the last few 

 years? —. Jack Glaser, Suffern, N.Y. . 

 percent. But one of the coldest, 
A l a s k a , 

 registered the third largest gain — 33.6 percent, beating 

California. 

Only three states had 

 actually lost population at the end of the last decade. 

West Virginia, where 

 economic times are es- pecially hard, dropped from 1,85o.421 to 1,744,- 
237 for a loss of 6.2 percent. 

North Dakota and 

South Dakota, both with current populations of under 7oo,ooo, lost- 2.3 percent and 2.1 percent respectively. 

A 

A LOT of people these days are 

 still following the ad- vice '-'Go West" but even more seem to be following, the sun. 

According to the last 

 census in 197o, Florida, which is increasingly becoming, the retire- ment home of 

Americans, grew more in population than any other state — a whopp- ing 37.1 percent — or from 4,951,56o residents to 6,789,443. 

Close behind in pop- 

 ularity was one of the sunniest states in the west. Arizona, which had a gain of 36.1 
FEMALE BAT 
Q 

A FRIEND of mine claims that a woman played pro baseball about twenty years ago. 
I say impossible. Who's right? - Mike Stevens, 
Jersey City.N j. 
A YOU are, but you'll be surprised at how close 

 your friend was. In 1952, Mrs. Eleanor Engle 

 almost went to bat for the minor league team, the 
Harrisburg, I'a., Senators. 

She got as far as signing a contract, 

 which was invalidated by George Traut- inan, the commissioner of (he minor leagues. 
LEGAL EAQLE 
Q 

1S IT true that Erie Stanley 
Gardner is a private detective 

 in real life? — Bob Evans, Detroit, 
Mich. 
A 

ND. but Gardner, the famous creator of detective-lawyer Perry 

Mason, practiced law for over twenty years and no doubt made extensive use of his courtroom experiences in his novels. He published over 1oo of them, under both his own name and the pen name A. A. Fair. They sold an incredible 
1oo million copies. Gardner died on 
March II. 197o. 
NUMBERS GAME 
O 

MY son's going to be 18 soon and he says he'll have to 

 register with the draft board. I 

 thought it had been abolished — 
Mrs. 
I.E. 
Rose,; Desmoines, 

Iowa. 
A 

THE draft ended over a year ago, hut men turning 18 still have to 

 register with their local boards within 3o days either way of their birthdays and participate in the draft lottery. Each man is assigned a number, and those with .lower numbers would be eligible for 
Ihe draft in the following year should 
Congress ever decide to reinstate it. 
WORK WISE 
Q 

MY husband and I would rather work with our hands 

 than in an office. What can we do to earn a living at home? We have a large basement we can use as a workshop. — Mrs. Ralph Lambert, 
Fayetteville, N.C, 
A PEOPLE aro always needing to 

 have chairs and sofas covered, yet 

 it is becoming Increasingly difficult to find an upholsterer. You can learn the technique through a home study course offered by the Upholstery Trade School 
In Little Falls, N.J. fflfu. Send for their free brochure. 
WHAT are the off-beat questions you would like answered? Write: Questions Answered, 
The National Star, 73o Third Avenue, New 
York, N.Y. 1oo17. 

L"^"""~""~-iriil'1""-'in*i»J«""''?K^i«a»a*M^aAVrtlg»7gK7i 
DOES YOUR SMILE 

HIDE A 

FOUL FOE? 

THE TRUTH is, nearly half of our elders don't have any teeth. 

And one child in four has teeth so badly aliened 

Hiat chewing causes facial, disfigurement. Four out of every five 

Americans have gum trouble. 

A. U.S. Senate Committee 

 studying nutrition and human needs was told that tooth 
Becay is America's number one disease. 

"If all the hundreds of 

 thousands of dentists in this country did nothing but fill teeth all year long, as many new cavities would occur by year's end as had been filled," the committee heard. 

At teast 95 per cent or all 

 school-age children have mul- tiple tooth decay and nearly 5o per cent have never been to a dentist. 

Mixture 

Experts have discovered a 

 peril called plaque — a mix- ture of bacteria, particles of food and saliva produced by the mouth. 

Brushing your teeth twice a 

 day and seeing a dentist twice a year will not necessarily pre- vent tooth decay. 

But using dental floss, a 

 toothbrush and dye to get rid of that plaque wilt. 

Plaque, according to current 

 analysis is constantly building up and attacking tooth enamel arid gum tissues, 

Unless removed every 24 

 hours, it can lead to destruc- | 
Uon of both teeth and gums, i 

Brushing cannot get rid of 
• 

 nil plaque. Dental floss is ; necessary'and so is the use of j disclosure dye to identify i 

A touch of magic 

THIS is what happens man meets woman — and their fingers 

 touch. It sets off a halo of energy rays or 
.cosmic juices. They were captured by a. revolutionary camera,' designed In Russia, which could bring a ' breakthrough in diagnostic medfcin*. 
Scientists believe that the rays are caused by a flow of electrons. 

 where ehc plaque is so it can be removed. 

The chances are good that 

 with our current know-hnw the dentist can save virtually all the teeth his patient slllf has. 

A national survey reveals 

 that about half of America's dentists know of the impor- tance ot ridding plaque. 

Currently, the National In- 

 stitute of Dental Hesearch Is supporting a program which is developing a coating that 

 could be placed on teeth and fully nrolectthcin from decay. 

At the same t i m e , 

 researchers in Am erica, and 
England have, isolated germs that destroy teeth and gums and are reportediy developing a vaccine to create an im- munity toward these germs.. 

Dr. Herbert It. Sleeper of 

Yale University predicts: "In 
1o years, I hope, we shall have eliminated tooth decay and gum disease as a public health problem." 

Beware killer karate blow! 

A KARATE chop could damage your liver. 

Drs. John. Davis Cantwell 

 and James T. King,of Georgia 
Baptist Hospilnl, Atlanta, described the case of a 39-year old woman. 

She suffered severe liver 

 damage from a combination of blows to the abdomen during her second lesson in karate. 

Surgery revealed her liver 

 was lacerated and swollen to twice Its normal size.. The damage was repaired and she recovered. 

The liver, according to Ihe 

 doctors, ranks second only to the spleen as Ihe organ most commonly injured by a sharp blow, to the abdomen. 

The death rate .is high if 

 treatment is delayed. 

"This is not to condemn 

 karate," said the doctors, "but rather to call attention la the potential danger from a forceful blow." 

IT MUST SOUND TRITE. 
JUNIOR — BUT THIS HUPTC 
ME f& MUCH t& <#>{J \ 

HOWEVER —you've 
BEEN T<9U? A THOUSAND 
TIMES — 

WHAT A MOENIWQi THE- 
BOS5 H5 
WAE PATH-1 
WAIT FOR TMATCOFFEE 

 lU. TAK£ OKIE OF E2ACH.' 

 arvest Moute 

 is on/y on» tixih of an ounce anil is to onif Ugh i thai o corn $ fan does not 

 bend bcneaih its ive/jbr. ft is found over nnjcti of Europe, as fur f j j i as Siberia an southward* &r far as nurthcrn (tat/. 

. .rvest mice, wti,eh have prehensile ttito, feed on ortfn roou seeds ant/ imeas. Ttit circutor nest, aSovt ttirto fnchct In 

 i a madd of neatly Interwoven Madcs of \rfitit oryratt et\vfencorn or reed stetks torn* fix inchestbove the 

 pound, ft ftjj no cntrtnca-ihe grjtt bhdet ore simply pushed 
*sfda on niter ing or letting jnrfctoto again by lltoir o\vn 

THENATJOVAlUTAH APIULM. Wt PAGE 39 

EVERY WEEK THE STAR LOOKS BACK AT SOME OF THE MOST INTRIGUING MOMENTS IN HISTORY 

Robsky ... he hunted boolloggers. 

LAST 
OF THE 

PAUL ROBSKY was sweating in the cold night air. He didn't want to die, but his chances seemed slim as he clung to the roof of the booze-laden, two-door Chevy being driven at full throttle with two ruthless bootleggers on board. 

II was 193o. The making, selling or possession of alcohol had been illegal for 

1o years. But Robsky, 31, later to join the famous Untouchables squad, had been a prohibition'agent for just one year, working out of Greenville, a 25,ooo — pop- ulation cotton mill town in South Carolina. 

His fast driving and sharp shooting had fnade him a legend among the tough mountain 

 men who made moonshine . . 
' _ 
He was a legend for a living, 

In a movie house one night, 

 when .the good guys wore chas- ing Ihe baddies across the screen, Robsky was stunned when the audience started yelling: "Ool him Robsky, nail his ass," 
Thus he found his present 

 position, on top of the Chevy, embarrasing as well as un- comfortable. 

Hobsky.one of the good guys, 

 wasn't supposed to lose his car, much less end up on top of somebody else's. 

Cur««d 

He looked back. The lights of 

' the 'sheriff's Ford -were close, but he was losing ground, un- skilled at this sort of thing. 

Robsky cursed. Normally he 

 would have been driving, hut this day he was without his own trusty Bulck, a green 1929 coupe with a shaved-down head, high-lift cams and an ex- tra, "speed" gear cunningly fitted by his own mechanic. 

It gave 85 rnph on the flat, 

 outran any car In South 
Carolina, and had a 2o-gallon spare tank In the trunk. 

Robsky had been riding 

 passscnger with the sheriff when they pinned tall on two botttcggers lighting out of 
Seluda. 8p««d 

The Ford had speed, being a 

 new Model T, but the sheriff lacked experience. Instead of digging his drive-side wheel in ahead <if the Chevy's oft-side hub, and then easing the bootleggers Into a ditch, he simply pulled alongside. 

Robsky, already out on the 

 running board, did what came naturally. He jumped across to the Chevy Intending to take possession. 
• But the bootleggers took off, 
Robsky hanging there. 

The driver was a white man, 

 among the tough moonshine men 

 ley COLM DANGAARD] 

 eyes wide with fear. A black passenger kept pushing open the door, trying to wipe 
Robsky off the running board outo the road; that's when he decided to dumb up on the roof; 

He tried to kick a hole In the 

 canvas top. but couldn't get foot leverage. 

He pulled out his .32 

 automatic thought of reaching down through the window and shooting the driver In the head. 

Hut he reckoned a crash at 

 this speed would kill himself as well as the bootleggers. 

He blasted down at the 

 engine, putting bullets through the hood, trying to hit something like the carburetor. 
No luck. (He found later that all his bullets went through the radiator.) 

Finally he slid down over (he 

 back, busted in the rear win- dow with the butt of his .32' and, with one bullet left, yelled: "If you don't stop (his 
Goddamn car, I'll kill you!" 

The black man lumped out, 

 hitting the road with a sicken- ing thud, and cartwheeling off into the brush. 

The driver yanked the throt- 

 tle full out (192o cars had 

 hand accelerators on the 

 dash) and also leapt Into the night.' 

The car was fast veering off 

 the road so Robsky ballea out loo, on to the grass verge. 

He dislocated his shoulder 

 and broke his left ankle, but managed to limp back to the 

 driver, who was face down on the road, choking In his own blood. 

It was the bootleggers,first 

 try in the liquor business, and it was just bad luck they tangl- ed with the toughest little mountain cop of them all. 

Eliot Ness, the Un- 

 touchables boss,later describ- ed Robsky as "a good man to have around when more than o r d i n a r y courage was needed." 
. Songs 

Paul Robsky died In Miami, 

Fla., last year aged 74, the last of the Untouchables. 

But, shortly before, he sat 

 with me for a series of Inter- views, recalling how he hunted bootleggers through the hills of South Carolina. 

In one month he ran 3o cars 

 off the road. The booze- runners wrote songs about him. 

Robsky made such an Im- 

 pression with courage and cunning as a prohibition agent, thaf, In November,193o,hewas handplckcd to join a band of lawmen 
In Chicago who 

 became known as the Un- touchables. 

Their assignment, under 

•Eliot Ness, lieutenant, was to bring in Al Capone, whose em- pire of crime squeezed the 
City so hard the blood ran. 

The Untouchables cleaned 

 up the illicit stills which gave 
Capone the cash for his operation. They knocked on warehouse doors using a ten- 

Ready for action ... prohibition agent Paul Robsky In 193o with his trusty fluick. 

 ton truck for a search warrant. 
. Their testimony backed up tax evasion charges which put 
Capone away for 1o years. 

But Robsky said: "Working 

 with Ness was kid-stuff, com- pared with running down those moonshiners in South- 
Carolina. 

"I got shot at more In the 

 mountains than I did in the streets of Chicago. About all 
Capone threw at us were cases of money, which we took, to the boss. 

"But I had a shoot-cut In 

Greenville after being in town 
Just two weeks." 

Q !• 

Agent Ernest Austin (left) with Robsky, their boss J. A. Clifton, and another agent. 

He had followed a 

 bootlegger Into a graveyard, where a dozen shots were ex- changed. The bootlegger es- caped. Robsky wasn't at all afraid until he pulled off his hat and found a hole in (he crown. 

Reared In Galcsburg, 

Illinois, Robsky's career In law began In 1927 when he look nn exam for Federal service. 

He got 'word from the 

Bureau of Prohibition that he had passed -and was now an agent ns he sat in his Uncle 
Ed's Kitchen, on a keg of aging corn whiskey. 

Congratulations over, Uncle 

Ed said: "Now let me tell you one thing, boy. You turn me In and I'll beat the hell out of you." 

Robsky was ordered to 

Greenville in December, 1928, where ho began work under veteran ngcnt Ernest Austin, a giant of a man. 

Austin taught him how to 

 locate (lie stills, built usually on top of mountains, by one of the myriad clear springs, with 

 boilers made from oil drums. 

He knew the lush country 

 and its rustic people, simple folk who put a lot on a man's word. 

Ending a raid, Austin often 

 told them: "Now ya'all be down at the jail In the mor- ning, do ya hear?" 

"In other ways," recalled 

Robsky, "he was a mean son of a bitch." 

Driving untrustlng suspects 

 back to the office, it was his favorite trick to lean forward and whisper loudly: "See Mr, 
Robsky, that was great Infor- mation so-and-so (a farming neighbor to one of the suspect*) gave us." 

He once started a war like 

•that between stlllers that end- ed with three men shot. 

Robsky quickly established 

 himself as a driver by pushing 
A bootlegger off the road the' first time tic got behind the wheel in an official chase. 

Danger 

He improved rapidly,- es- 

 pecially after getting his new 
Bulck, impounded from a bootlegger. 

He grew to love that car so 

 much he considered refusing promotion later because it 

 would mean turning it In. 

"The mountain roads," said 

'Robsky, "were narrow and dangerous. 

"The runner.1: hnd the advan- 

 tage, because they knew what 
(urns were coming up. But I 

 did better on the flat, because 
I had more speed, 
"They'd try and keep In 

 front, to throw up a dust screen. Some used smoke. I beat this by getting up so close the screen slipped under my car." 

Bootleggers often crashed 

 and so did the cops chasing them. Mack Parsons, police chief In a one-cop town outside 
Greenville,, was pulled from under a trailer full of com- pressed cotton balls. 

Robsky said: "It took two 

 tow trucks to get him out." 
Parsons and Robsky often 

 worked the main road from 
Columbia to Charlotte, a highway ideal for bootleggers because of Its width. 

Loaded 

Robsky would park off to 

 one side, up on a rise, and watch the cars as they sped by. 

When one showed signs of 

 being "loaded" — the rear rose with telling slowness after going over a bump — he would flash his tights to Par- sons parked a mile ahead. 

They then formed a block, 

 the bootlegger trapped In between. 

Robsky was much tested by 

 bootleggers when he got his new Buick. They'd suddenly roar out of town, and he'd follow, only to find they had no liquor aboard. 
"Just wanted to see what 

 you could do," they'd say. 

NEXT WEEK: 
The real truth about 
Ouster's last stand 

.-1'AUE W THEKVnOXALSTARAPlllLM 1974 

First test your religious I.Q. 

By REV LESTER KINSOLVING 

HERE are 1o questions to test your knowledge about religion. Try them and see how you score. 

1. The Amisli were a group 

'of warlike women In Greek mythology. True or false? 

2. The Roman Emperor and 

 philosopher Marcus Aurclius was converted to Christianity after he saw a vision of the 
Cross and the words "In hoc signe vince" ("In this sign conquer"). True or false? 

• 
3. The Old Testament con- 

 tains how many more books than the New Testament? 

4. The 12 tribes of Israel are 

 named for the 12 sons of (a) 
Abraham; (b) Noah: (c) 
Isaac; (d) Ishmael; (e) Jacob. 

5. Jacob's ladder, in the 

Book of Genesis, referred to a dream in which Jacob descended a ladder for a guid- ed lour of Hell, so that he repented. True or false? 

6. Torah in Judaism means 

 the entire body of divinely revealed law. True or faise? . 

7. While the Bible refers to 

God laughing, there is no report lhai Jesus ever laughed. 
True or false? 

8. President James Garfie'.d 

 was a frequent preacher of sermons in the (a) Methodist: 
(b) Disciples of Christ; (c) 
Baptist; (d) Eplsocopal; (e) 
Presbyterian church? 

9. When Miriam, sister of 

Aaron, criticized Moses for marrying an Ethiopian woman, she was afflicted with' leprosy. True or false? 

1o. The Gorgons in GreeX 

 mythology, were a group of beautiful maidens on a rocky island who sang so sweetly that .sailors wrecked their ships. True or false? 

Compare our prices on 

NATURAL-ORGANIC 

VITAMINS 
Supplements 

*H prices POSTPAIDI Satisfaction guaranteed or money back. 

STARGRAM 

SHARPEN your pencils and wits, because here's anothar tricky 
Stargram. To solve it, trace along the dotted line — but make sure you don't retrace or cross a line once it has been drawn. 

To give you a hint on how to 

 do it, last week's solution Is published below. The solution to this week's puzzle, along with 

1oo mg. Rose Hips 1oo% Natural VITAMIN C TABLETS 
D 1oo for .89 
D 5oo lor 3.9B 
.__ q l.QOO for 6.9B 

25o mg. Rose Hips 1oo% Natural VITAMIN C TABLETS 

P. 1oo for 1.89 
D SOO for 7.98 n 1.OOP far 1295 

SOO mg. Rose Hips 1oo% Natural VITAMIN C TABLETS 

D 1oo for 3.49 
Q SOO tor 14.95 
D 1.ooo tor 24,5O 

Tiny Capsules VITAMIN E—1oo INT. UNIT CAPSULES 

O 1oo (of 1.39 
Q 5oo tor 6.35 
D 1.ooo for 11.95 

Double Potency VITAMIN E—2oo INT. UNIT CAPSULES 

O 1oo for 2.29 n SOO for 11.49 n l.OOO for 19.9S 

High Potency VITAMIN E—4oo INT. UNIT CAPSULES 

 n 1oo tor 3.93 
Q SOO far 18.95 
Q l.OOO for 36.5O 

Super Potency VITAMIN E—6oo INT. UNIT CAPSULES 

D 1oo for 5.75 
G 5oo for 26.95 
D l.OOO for 52.5o 

Natural VITAMIN A TABLETS 1o.ooo USP Units each 

 n 1oo for .75 
D SOO for 3.3o 
DllOOOfor 595 

IODINE RATION—Natural KELP TABLETS 

Q 1oo for .59 
D 5oo (or 1.95 
D l.OOO (or 2.95 

Cold Pressed WHEAT GERM OIL CAPSULES 3 minim. q 1oo for .65 
Q 5oo for 3.2o 
• 
Q I.OOP for 5.95 

7V2 grain Desiccated LIVER TABLETS low heat dried 

G 1oo for .85 i. qSOOlor 3.49 n l.QOO for 6 5o 

Red "Wonder" VITAMIN B-12 23 MCG TABLETS 

D 1oo for .65 p 5oo for 2.5o 
D 1.ooo lor -1.35 

Natural VITAMIN A and D Tablets 5,ooo units A; 4oo D 

U 1oo lor .6o 
D 5oo for 2.45 
Q 1.ooo lor 4.SO 

„ ,™, Natu™1 B°NE MEAL TABLETS-Regular 7y2 grain n 1oo for .69 n 5oo for 2.75 
Q 1.ooo fa, 4.95 

Natural Soy LECITHIN—Compare this low price 

O 1oo for .95 p SQO lor 3.98 
D 1.OOP la, 7.B5 

VITAMIN nc in v/I/^ TACIT r- 

 n 1oo for .79 
VITAMIN BG—1o MG TABLETS 

D 5oo lor 2.B5 l.OOO for 4.75 

H'erhest Potency Food YEAST TABLETS. One tablet a day 

11oo tor .85 
D SOO for 3.25 
D l.OOO for 5.95 

, ,rv,,D°i°MITE Tablets-Rich in Calcium, Magnesium 
1 1o°'°r -65 n SOO for 2.5o g l.QQQ for 4.5o 

GARLIC and Parsley TABLETS. Order now and SAVE ~ 

I 1oo for .79 
D SOO for 3.85 
D l.OOO for 695 

These sale prices gooa for limited time. Mail your order to: 

NUTRITION HEADQUARTERS 
1o4 W. Jackson-Dept.N 727 
Carbondale, Illinois 629o1 

MAIL THIS AD 
Just check Horn i desired and mail entire ad with remittance. 

Name- 

Cily_ 

-Zip- 

 another Stargram, will be printed next week. 

Can you put cars into these words? 
PUT the letters contained in the word CARS into the word skeletons below and get a new word as a result. 
Example CARS put into - - 
- E results in SCARE. A score of 16 or more achiev- ed In 6 minutes' is very good, 

1 . - E - - - H 
2. - - - E - S 
3 
P 

4. - - C - - E 
5. - - o - T - 
6 
T - 

7. 
T E - 

8. - - - H I E - 
9.- 
Y 

1o 
H E - 

If 
I B E 

12. - H - - T - 
13. - T 
H 

14. 
T O - 

15 
E - H 

16 
I E - 

1 7 . - - H O L - - 
18 
E - M 

19. . - T O - - 
2o. . . . K - 

IWHIRLYWORDS 

LAST week's solution: 
Seek (seed, feed, fend) find. Unscramble this week's Whfrlywords and you'll arrive at five Italian cities. Solution and another Whirlywords next week. 

S 
L 
Q 
L 
A 

T 
• 
A 
U 
R 

o 
M 
M 
P 
E 

R 
o 
1 
1 
N 

E 
N 
N 
N 
A 

I THE EIGHT BALL 

LAST week's solution: 4 
(starting from 11, each figure was the number of letters spelling the previous figure) 
We get a bit tougher this week, but the target is the same — fid in the missing number. Solution and another 
Eight Ball next week. 

THE SHORT WORD WIN8; 

FIND the shortest possible word by adding as few letters as possible to each side of each letter pair. 
Score one point for each letter added. Try to reach our par score of 35. 

 cr 

 by Rick& Glory 

 triangle puzzle 
Reads down or across 

1.(three letters) 

 sort of a resort 

2.(four letters) 

 to play around 

3. (five letters) 

 found on ships 

On a piece of thin paper (you can see through) combine tho two pictures 

, * Answers on page 42 

 g 

4 
5 
G. 

Q 
T L 
I X 
O n 

— N F 

o. - 
1o.- 
11.- 
12.- 

- A Y- 
- L P - 
-S R - 
-T W- 
-A J - 
- U S - 

MINDBENDERS 

FIGURE oul the last name of the celebrity at left and 
U will give you the first name of the person at right. Or figure out the first name of the person at right for the last name of the person at left. 

1. Harry 
Arncss 

2. Joe 
Armstrong 

3. Jean 
'Preacher 

4. Arthur. Cnmbrldgo 
S.Gdrgcous. H.irrisun 
6. Dlalinnn ... O'Connor 
7. Hay 
. llronsun 

B. Eilwmd 
Stung 

- 9. James 
Granger 

1o. Sar;ih 
Mcailor 

U. Mark 
Gablo 

12. Dunnv 
Gomoz 

13. Woody '. 
Fum 

14. Edward (j .. C'rusw l&.GoorRc C.... Rracly 
16 Jol>n 
Morris 

ANSWERS ON 7»AQE 42 

CROSSROADS FOR 

CHRISSIE 

CHRIS Evert, intent and on target, comes into the ball set for her two-handed backstroke shot. 

The graduate wins an 

SO YOU want to be a major league baseball player. 
You're a high school graduate, unhappy at your job, and can hit a ball as far as Dick Allen or throw it as fast as Tom Seaver. 

The problem is there arc never any scouts agound to 

 watch you play. 

Well, don't give up hope. 

Have a little patience like 
Frank White. 

Four years ago While was a 

$1oo a week shipping clerk In a sheet metal fnclory In Kansas 
City. !fc played baseball in a 
Casey Slengle league after work. 

Campus 

Today Frank Wliitc plays 

 short for the Kansas City 
Royals. He is the first player to graduate from the world's only baseball college Into the major leagues. His team- mates call him Academy 
Frank. 

The scliopl Is called lite Knn- sns City Royals Bascbnlt 
Academy, a $1.6 million com- plex in Sara sola, Flo.., Hint offers a college education and 

By GREG GALLO 
| 

 professional baseball Instruc- tion. Cost of lullion: Zero. 

Applicant for the Academy 

 will be chosen from 171 tryout camps conducted by the 
Royals tills year across the 
United States and Canada beginning In June. 

It was at one of these camps 

In 187o that Frank Wlilto was discovered. He walked jn off the street and won a scholarship1. 

"I was 18 years old then and 

I had a family to support," remembered Wlilte. "I wasn't making any money and I haled my job. But baseball, man, I loved lo play baseball. 
• "My wife really persuaded me to take a clinnco. We saw an ad In the paper about tho 

 tryout camp and I went down to give it a shot." 

White, wiio never played an 

Inning of high school baseball, 
Impressed the scouts at the camp with his speed and fielding. He was chosen for tho 
Academy. 

He received Instruction 

 from Red Williams and 
Mickey Vcrnon and worked on perfecting Ills baseball skills six hours a day, six days a week* 

But It wasn't all fun mid gpmcs. 

"I'd get up nt six to go to 

 breakfast," said Wlilto. "If I didn't go It would cost me $1o. 
Then you'd get on a bus and go to school (Mnnntco Junior 

BASEBALL scholar Frank White In action (loft) and at rest. 

College in Bradenton. Fla.). 
We had to take English and speech courses and one other of our choice. 

"After luncli you played ball 

 from 1:3o to six o'clock. After dinner you were too tired to do anything hut sleep." 

Willie repeated that routine 

 for 18 months. He started to think that being a baseball player wasn't so much fun afler all. 

System 

"It got to bo n drag. It 

 wasn't really wfiat I had ex- pected," he said. "A lot of times I wanted to pack my bags and leave. 

"I don't want to knock the 

Academy because I wouldn't bem (lie majors without !(., 

"When I went there Iwasan outfielder but one day I was at third base and I made a couple of good plays. Tliey told me, 
'you're an infieldor.1 That was that. 

"Then they had fines fo:> 

 everything. It was sort of a plus and minus system. If you bunted a man over you got $1. 
If you missed n sign you got docked St. It always wound up that, you owed more than you'd make." 

Last summer he made hla 

 major league debut. 

"It was a big thrill, n great 

 feeling of accomplishment," ho said. 

"Aa I look back now, I can't 

 believe I stuck it out. I had to have n lot of patience. K I had to do It nil over again I don't think I would." 

It's so tough at the top 

By PETER BODO 

THE CLOCK is approaching midnight for Chris Evert, the Cinderella of in- ternational tennis for the past three years, 

"I'm no big deal anymore," says 

Chrissie malter-of-factiy. 

"The glamor is wearing off. People . 

 hardly lake notice of me anymore. I still get a lot of satisfaction from playing, but- there's more pressure too. 

"Maybe I'm only 19, but there are a 

 lot of good young players coming up." 

They're traveling Die same path 

Crissie took, a yellow brick road that leads to center court at Wimbledon or 
Forest Hills. 

Chrissie .has been Ihere. 

As a 16-ycar-otd, she thrill- ed the galleries at Forest 
Hills by reaching the semi- finals. 

She taught the American 

 heart a new stroke, the two-fisted backhand. Her pastel ribbons and cool 

 demeanor inspired 

 adulation. 

Marriage 

But mostly, she spread like 

 sweet fire because stie looked like any mother's daughter. 
Remarkably enough, she is 
Just that. 

Chrisslc may never reach 

 the competitive heights pro- jected for her, The most startling addition to her game through the past three years is the diamond and sapphire engagement ring given her by 
Jimmy Connors, her firmcc. 

Connors is the hottest item 

 on the men's circuit. Co- ranked No. 1 in the country with Stan Smith, he is hurtling toward the lop of the world. 

Chrissie wonders if llirre 

 will be room for two chani- - pious in the same household, with marriage less than a year away. 

"After we get married, it 

 will be different for me. I want to he along with him most of the time. lint I won't quit play- ing altogether. That woutd make me unhappy. 

Tough 

"We'll try to plan our tour- 

 naments together, so we can be near each other -at least three weeks a month. It's a louqh situation tor a woman player. 

Chrissie is bound to disap- 

 point many fans if she assumes a low profile later. 

She admits, "It may be 

 selfish of me, but I don't think women's tennis will tie hurt if' 
I play less. There are plenty of name players around, and plenty coming up." 

Because site hus never won 

Wimbledon or Forest Hills, 
Cbrlsslc's niche in the tennis' liall of fame still lacks a down payment. 

"I guess it'll b« laugher to 

 win one of those now," Chris says. "Dut my life Isn't built 
Just around tennis. I have enough money for security now, and there nre other meaningful things in my life'.1 
Like Jimmy, tlte prospect of raising children, and memories of a wonder tccn,' who grew up. 

PAGE 42 THE NATIONAL STAR AFRILM. 1971 

HE'S THE BIG 

WHEEL OF 
MOTOWN 

MICKEY REDMOND, the hockey superstar nobody 
Knows, realizes that the price of fame doesn't come cheap in the National Hockey League. 

The Detroit Hed Wings forward became only the third man in hockey history to score 5o or more goals in back 

 a to back seasons in 1974. 
•:\ As the season ended, Red-' 

 mond's name was entered into the 

In action, unsung 

 superstar 
Redmond 

 nf 
™ the,,hocl(ey MPWstar nobody nowS|"realizeS that the of fame doesn't come cheap in the National Hockey League. 

 record book 

 alongside Phil Esposito and Bobby Hull as (he only players ever to hit the magic SO twice in a row. 

Yet, while Espo and Hull 

 are now ice hockey celebrities, Redmond remains just another guy who can put the puck in the net. 

Wasted 

"I have my own style and 
I guess it doesn't lend to making me a big name," says 26-year-old Redmond. 

"I just go out and try to 

 do my job and take whatever comes my way. 

"1 really haven't thought 

 about being overshadowed, but 
«r» 
_ annul being overshadowed, bi 

The tough Celtic spare who never tires 

:(irst time o mmm • «*«*•*«< 
Hi LOOKS 
BAD IN A 
GOOD WAY 

Th^'«fS- !i.mer^5" see,P?1? Nelson shoot a foul guy's 

And 

 ing the ball 
There's nothing pretty about it. 

Except to Celtics fans, who 

 know how valuable the tireless 
11-year veteran is to the cham- pionship hopes of Boslon. 

Dacaptlve 

"I don't care how it looks," 

Boslon genera! manafjer Red 
Auerbach growls, "It's effec- tive. As long as they go in, 
Uicy count, right?" 

Yes indeed. 
"He's deceptively tough," 

 admits Dave DeBusscherc of the Knicks, "He's quick and 

 s ground. 

 aggressive, and he knows it all as far as the fundamentals go." 

Yet it took a man of Aucr- 

 bach's basketball sensibility (o make a front-line player of the 
6;6 sharpshooter who spent the first three years of his career as an ugly-duckling reserve In 
Chicago and Los Angeles. 

Big Red picked Nelson up on 

 waivers in 1965 from the 
I-akers. Don's been a valuable sixth man and occasional starter ever since. 

"It was a long range thing, 

 heplayed well against us a few times and we felt he could fit 

Auerbach says, "He had the menial capacity to play. He would have made it anywhere, because he knows the game like a coach and can make up for whatever shortcomings he has by relying on his ex- perience. 

QUIZ ANSWERS 
TV QUIZ 

From faje J] _ l: janl« n,ury 

Termer tlar of • The Virginians" , is 

 calls him "tnealhea.l" bmVjrl Reiner cal!» his ton Hob. Jr fi.ilo Corjon el 
'•Oar Miss Ikooks" fame now nljjs r^""'-""***™ "ir I-T" rto». 

In. When I saw they were letting him go, I was sur- prised. 'This can't happen,' I said to myself." 

Of course it did, and it could 

 have been the best thing to happen (o Nelson to date As an aggressive, mobile forward, he fits- the Celtics script perfectly. 

He proved he could run on 

 the fast break and play swarming defense. But most of all, he demonstrated, tliat brains can be more important than Inches in the pro ranks. 
"To be honest about It," 

Tribute 

"If he's lost anything in his 

11 years, it's a touch of quickness. But he can make up 

But the finest tribute to 

Nelson's worth was In 1SS9 when he made a last second shot to win the NBA cham- pionship for Boston In (he seventh game of the finals. 

H was In Ihc Los Angeles 

Forum, against the same 
Lakers that had cut him the year before. 

DON NCLSON - he's quick-and agressive 

 if that's the way it is, It's OK. it cerlainly doesn't bother me." 

Redmond appeared headed 

 for stardom when he made his 
NHL debut wilh the Montreal 
Canadiens in 1957. Bul In's talent was wasted sitting tm the bench waiting for a chance to play. 

Then in January, 1o71, he 

Gained his Ireedom. He was traded to Detroit. 

In his first full season with 

 the Wings, Hcdmond scored « goals. Last year he scored 52 and he again went over 5o this season. 

Redmond explains that his 

 success as a goal-scorer is just a matter of getting the oppor- tunity to play. 

Chance 

"I wasn't doing much In 

Montreal," He says. "There was so much talent over tlicre 
When I got traded I got the chance to play. 

"When you nre given the op- 

 portunity you become a belter hockey player. And that's wliat happened to me." 

Hcdmond has become one of 

 the most prolilic scorers in hockey. He is also one of the most unsung stars in Iho game. 

But things may be looking up for Mickey. 

His name was recently 

 featured along with Babe Hulh and Hank Aaron In an advcr- lisemcnl for Hillerich & 
Bradsby Co,, the makers of the famous Louisville Slugger baseball bats and hockey sticks. 
' 

The ad puts Redmond's 

 record in proper focus It reads: "Babe Ruth . . . Hank 
Aaron . . . Mickey Redmond 
. ,. Mickey Hcdmond? 

"Yes, 
Mickey Redmond 

 uses a Louisville slugger just like ttien.ibe and Mad Henry." 

But the question still 

 remains, who the hell Is 
Mickey Redmond, nnyway? 

 n ". , 
Ilijht. f: Country music liar Merle 

IraroiHl. 7: "Jeopardy" II the ruim. of 
.WU.,52* ""*to tcr °" n 

MINDBENDERS 
From !•»«« « - l: Jmf,, ,. ,Ml,; 

3: Allhur: A: GrxJJrcy; 5: George: 6: 

Answer to Kiddy 
Corner puzxlct 

S 

S P 

SPA 

S P A R 

S P A R S 

Carroll; 7: Charles; 6: Arnold- 9- 
Mi-warl; in : Vjufl!:an; I I : Cljrk1 12' 
Tnornss; 13: Allen: 14: RoWnsc.i; IS: 

SHORtlvORDS from IMge (o — aNrjcl; IrAQUI' hoTl.y; flXf. lOBe; |jvr>r: [AVer 

 al.Fha; diSHolK>: o-jTWit; rAJa; ellSl 
CAR WORDS 

Ca7hPle,C'"car ^'"A'C! «•"' C"'™' sSi*£'r$,fc"$**i''*'c'''™i 
REUGIOUS QUIZ^ 

Km™ Page « — I: FJIS*?. Amlsh are 

MCHIW.UCI or ••Pcnniylvanla nacl," 
The warl.le u-oinen »-ic Amin>-:- i- 
False. Not Ma,cu, Au,elius buicov 
"Mine; J: 12 ,O.T. w. N T rirt-lil 
Jacob; 5: False. JacoVj latkr exler,S 
Pnlohtaven. lf:tn!»i;S: TrBe;7:Tru5 

False. Tbe .Sirer-s turej Htlori.' Tl-.e 
Gorijon s M.C re so hktiw, 11 ha ] if one kx.V- cd at ll^rn he nouM t* turned It, non» 
LONGFELLOW 

From Paee 26 - 
WiU:cr; Raid- 

D-'sai«V ,'."J-""I: C«rl«f: o»lr.cr| 
UjslM.1, i.n^urir^;. I'Jragon: Mulhkll. 

"Z v°o 
. ^ u 8 - ! 1 - ^ " ^ 
OId Trce to 

*"" «"<« lo discover somo 

_ 

NATIONAL STAR GENERAL CONTEST RULES 
CONTEST winners will be determined by on 
Independent judging panel whose rfcdsions ,iro flnnl. Tic brc.ikcrs will Ire Judged on skill originality and chrlly. No suhjlllullonj for prices nrc offcr«l. Prizes must Lc claimed 
WJIWn 12 months 61 Ihc tf.ilo of nrMlflcallon. All prices ulll be awarded. Enter each contest a) 

 many Imps ns you wish, but oacli entry must t* in-illcd separately. Contest not open I o employcea and i|«lr families or the National 
Kin; f "Jy.""''^ oscnclcj and Manlcn- 
Ih'i N n ^ Lr"lrlcl bc<:omt' ""> Properly of rnni i 
, 
SLar "Vd rlonc wl" M relumed tonlcal.inls acknowlctlgo permission for any 

, lalo 

 lo h« prlntc.1 In (l:c 

1 ^ !"w. All 
. local Inws arul rcculalions npnly 

 lK at s aru rccualions np 
Applicable toes are tho -,ID JcsjxXll winners, cxcenl t,,ICn 

" 
1 bo r-°" f" 
Ml " y 

THENMTONALCTAPAI>RILM. 

I 

I 

CARTER in his "Hurricane" heyday. 

TEST YOUR SPORTS 1Q 

 l.Who was the only 

American Olympian to win the gold modal In the javelin? 

2. Who was the first 

 winner of the Lady Byng 
Trophy, for sportsmanship In the NHL? 

3. Only once In Rose Bowl 

 history was the game not played in Pasadena. Whare was it played? 

4 . W h a t cities got 

 franchises in the ABA's first year? 

5.Name the famous 

Gasbtxise Gang of the St. 
Louis Cardinals in the 193os. 

6. Who was the only New 

York Yankee to hit a homer in his very first at-bat? 

.7. Who was the referee 

 the night Emlle Griffith retained his welter title by 

By JOHN J. MILLER 

TODAY he's known simply as Prisoner 

45472 at the Rahway State Prison in New 
Jersey. 

But only ten years ago, when he fought Joey 

^Giardello for the middleweight championship 

 of the world, they called him Rubin 
"Hurricane" Carter, one of the best knockout artists in ring history. 

For the last eight years Carter, now 

37, has been serving triple lite 

 i sentences at Rahway after having been 

 convicted of murdering three persons in a Paterson, New Jersey bar in 1966 
— crimes that the ex-middleweight has sworn from the beginning he did not commit. 

Rubin Carter told the Star this week what 

 life behind bars is like for him. 

"It's a living hell," Carter declared. 
"I'm not guilty of the crime'— but I don't 

 want to cry that 'not guilty' thing (hat everyone puts up. 

"You ask what it's like for me in prison? 

Well, for me.it's the end of everything and the beginning of nothing. 

Adjustment 

"If I can't get out of prison soon, I'm going 

 to die here, just like others have died. 

"I'm a human being that wants to be 

 treated like a human being, that's all. I don't want to die like a dog without any help." 

Carter was asked how he'd managed to 

 make the adjustment of going from being a celebrity to being a convict. 

"I've never made that change," he said, 

"because I never thought of myself as 'a celebrity' and I certainty don't think of myself as *a convict', because I'm not a criminal. 

"I didn't commit any crime. I'd ralher be 

 dead than a convict. 

"I continue to exist by merely surviving; 

 going from one day to another .. never look- ing back at the past, nor looking forward to the future. 

"I think my boxing discipline is what's 

 helped me survive. The seclusion of being a boxer in a training camp is not as severe as 
(his, but it's very similar. 

"Sometimes I find myself losing my grip on 

 things. Like when I sit in my house .. I call my cell my house .. I look at the pictures of my wife and daughter and frustration comes down on me." 

To pass the endless 

 amount of time in prison, 
Carter has been working on getting himself a new trial, studying law books and talking to a devoted friend, 
Ron Liplon, his'former sparring partner who's now, ironically, a detective assigned to the Hudson 
County Prosecutor's office in New Jersey. 

Their friendship goes back 

 tor years, when l.ipton was a 
15-year-old sickly kid who'd spent six years of his life con- quering an intcslinnl ailment. 

Carter took the fr.ill 

Rubin 

I Hurricane- 

Carter faces the biggest fight of his life 

^^^^M^^HMi^HBBM^^^M^BWM^BlH^H^^BVB^H^MaM^nMM^HMMV 
An exclusive 
Star interview behind bars 

All with Carter's pal, Ron Lipton. 

 scoring a fatal kayo of Benny 
"Kid" Paret? 

8. What tournaments 

 mako up the tennis grand slam? 

9. What was the longest 

 game in major league baseball history? 

1o. What 
American 

 preceeded Joe Frazter as 
Olympic heavyweight champ? 

 teenager Into liis training camp and within two years turned Liplon into a savage puncher, one of the hardest hitting lightweights in the 

 amateur ranks — a Golden 
Gloves finalist, who set tin 
AAU record scoring two con- secutive 1o second knockouts. 

Lipton chose law over a ring 

 career, but he never forgot the debt he felt lie owed Carter. 
He went to sec Muhammad All and convinced All to go to 
Rahway lo sec Carter and listen to his story. 

Appeal 

All said: "I'm going to fight 

 an exhibition bout Inside 
Railway Prison to jlramallze the effort lo get Hurricane a new trial." 

All, who likes lo call himself 

"the people's champion", said: "1 hope in (he future I'll be nblc to look buck and know that Cnrter Is out of jail and 
Oiot I've helped." 

Iton Liplon is Inspired by 

All's help and his advice lo 
Carlcr's wife nnd. 9-year-old daughter Is: "Hold on. Tin- truth will light the wny. All we're asking for Is n new trial." 

Cnrlcr says: "I don't want 

CARTER gets a visit from Muhammad All at Rahway prison. 

 showed that detectives had questioned Carter after the slaylngs and reached the con- clusion Carter had nothing to do wllli the crime. 

Five full months after the 

New Jersey State Police had completely cleared him of the crime, the local I'alcrson police arrested Carler. 

The main evidence against 

Carter was from two ex- convicts, admitted parole violators, who'd been arrested for breaking and entering a factory near the bar the night of the minders. 

These two, who had been 

 identified by witnesses as the men who'd robbed the dead bodies of the shooting victims on the floor of the bar before police arrived, had been the prime suspects until they decided to go into court and testify that they'd seen Carter 
"in the vicinily" of the bar. 

Book 

They did say Ibcy never saw 

Carter shoot anyone — just that (hey saw him near the bar. 

"They were lying faster 

 than a horse can trot," Carter said. 

Carler has been writing n 

 book on his fight for freedom, called The Sixteenth Round and by which he hopes to focus attention on the alleged In- justice done him. 

During his Imprisonment, 

 he's lest the sight of one eye, which he blames on poor medical attention. 

If lie Is innocent that means 

 the murderer Is probably walking round free. 

What if his appeal for a new trial falls? 

"My wife and daughter are 

 the only tilings f got in my life," says Carter. 

"I won't nllow my wife to 

 see me wither- on the vine. I won't allow my daughter to keep seeing me robbed of my dignity. 

"Either I get out or I die. 

It's as simple as that." 

 anybody to be for me or against me. I just want you to walk the straight line. Just give me my law, that's all I ask." 

At the moment , Carter's 

 appeal for a new trial Is in the process of being filed in the 
Federal District Court in 
Newark, N.J. 

Rubin's betting his life on 

 that appeal being granted and 
Jiis innocence established^ 

Eight years ago, despite liis 

 plea of innocence nnd an ex- trnordinary a m o u n t of evidence in his favor, Carler was convicted of the three murders. 

Some of the evidence Cnrlcr 

 claims was Ignored was: 
• A lie deteclor lest Cnrter took voluntarily which in- dicated he was telling the truth when he said he hadn't committed the crimes; 
•A sworn statement made by one of the actual shooting vic- tims that Carter was not the man who'd shot hint or the others; 
•The description of the killer given lo police by several witnesses, a description that dliln't remotely match 
Carter's; 
•Official police records which 

' PAGE 44 TIIES'ATIONALSTAIlArnil.IJ ID71 
Baseball; 
Back to number 1 

DON'T sell the grand old game of baseball short. 

Although the national pastime has been 

 maligned (or the last decade, the Star feels that baseball is headed for the top again. 

Critics have claimed that the game is too 

 boring, too slow and too long. They claimed that baseball didn't speak the American language anymore. 

There's a half-truth in there somewhere, and it 

 reflects our society. Football and hockey better represented the values that have prevailed in our culture in the past 1o years. 

The violence, obsession with technology and 

 compulsive race against the clock reflect our daily lives, and those values have prevailed in sports. 

But sports is supposed 

 to be fun and it seems sometimes that we've forgotten how to have fun. 
We lost something along the way; we forgot how to be kids again. 

All that may be changing. Baseball jackets 

 became a staple of fashion over the past year. A wave of nostalgia is sweeping the country. The energy crisis has warned all of us to slow down before we burn ourselves and our resources out of existence. 

It's time for a gentle era and a gentle game. 
That means baseball. 
The game doesn't wreak havoc with ballplayers. 

It leaves them sound of body and mind. Brutality just doesn't figure into baseball. 

More social 

Compare spring training and football's summer 

 camp. Gridiron gladiators are treated like raw recruits in boot carnp. 

Wives and families are forbidden. The players 

 eat, drink, play and sleep together. They are hammered into shape as an anonymous machine. 

Baseball players, on the other hand, live with 

 their families in hotels during the spring. Their practices are an unlimbering and a slow climb to athletic perfection rather than a hardening. 

They lead their own lives despite being on a 

"team" and that's part of the game's secret. It is a unique blend of individual and team skill. The team concept doesn't kill the existence of heroes and villains for the public. 

When an error is made, it's right out in the 

 open, in front of up to 6o,ooo fans. A duel between a pitcher and slugger is a two-man con- frontation. 

No baseball game is over until the final out Is 

 made, thus the game is timeless. The suspense builds, and the excitement is steady and reliable, not confined to a few hectic moments. 

Le»« certain 

Baseball continually offers hope for salvation. 

Certainty is unknown until the last batter swings at the last pitch. 

Ask the average baseball critic when he last 

 went out to a ballpark. Chances are, it was a long time ago. Baseball isn'1 suited for television, and that's a problem. 

It is a game that must be digested live, whether 

 in box seats or bleachers, on a sunny day or warm evening. 

Baseball is stow and it Is delightful, suspenseful 

 rather than climactic. It's a delicate balance between sport and game, and there is no more pleasant geometry in sport than that of a baseball diamond. 

Sit in the upper deck sometime and absorb it. 
Baseball, with its maze of statistics and per- 

 sonalities gives us something to unwind with and something to think about. 

A pennant race brings an impossible life to the 

 molasses months of August and September. The 
World Series is still a burst of tingling color rivaled only by autumn itself. 

Our sports, like our society, run in cycles. It's 

 time for baseball. We need it more than It needs us. 

SKY HIGH SALARIES 
HAVE FIRE 
CHIEF BURNING 

LARRY CSONKA in action ... is price tag too high? 

The man calling 

 signals for the 

WFL 

By Jim Scott 

MEET Gary Davidson, superstar. 

Davidson has a face that suggests he's the 

 brilliant young shortstop every franchise dreams about. lie's got the stocky, athletic frame of a hard-checking forward, and Hie walk of a wide-receiver. 

But Gary isn't any of those people, tic's the boy 

 genius behind the three now leagues that have successfully challenged the establishment in pro sports, 
His power is awesome in the sports world. After launching the American Basketball 
Association, lie came up with the World Hockey Association. 
And now it's tire World Foot- ball League. 

Along the way. Davidson lias 

 made himself a very rlcli 39- year-old. Davidson's method has been to organize and launch a new league, then seH out his franchise and Interests once the loop seems success bound. 

He was the first president of 

 the ADA. resigning that job when the WHA idea caught on. 
Now he has resigned as prcsidontof the WHA to devote his full interest to the WFL. 

Along the way he has 

 dumped every franchise he ever owned — at a fantastic profit. 

"The exciting thing about 

 sports," Davidson says, "is that if you have a loser, you can always sell out to olher buffs at no loss, Everybody loves lo build a winner In sports. 

"There's no other business 

 like that, and that's why Iho risk of Investing in a fr.inchlse is really pretty low." 

Davidson was graduated 

 from law school In 1o6t. and went to work fora law firm In liis native Southern California. 
He remained there until launching the ABA In 1o6o. after which his growing sports 

Gary Davidson 
... boy genius 

Interests forced him to abandon his practice and devote full time to the oppor- tunities lie saw In professional sports. 

Tile mark of a Davidson 

 league has been excitement. 
Davidson feels it Isn't enough to just continue the game, but to improve it In any way possible, 

Difficult 

Thus, the new WFL will br- 

 ing a host of new rules — klckoffs from the 3o-yard line, goal posts 1o yards into the end zone to make field goals more difficult, two point conver- sions and a fifth, tic-breaking quarter. 

Will Hie WFL succeed? 
Listen to Al Davis, boss of 

 the Oakland Raiders and a former commissioner of the 
AFL when it was the fledgling league: 

"I'd say It has a fine chpnco. 

By Peter Bodo 

THE OWNER of.the Chicago Fire franchise is burning up ovQrthe high price of fame for the new World Football 
League. 

"it's ridiculous and idiotic to give Csonka, Kilck and 

Warfleld $3 mlUon,". says 
Tom Origer. "I'm glad 

Toronto did it, but if you ask me they were over- paid. 

"There's.a lot of fish out 

 there, and you don't have to back up a Brinks truck to bring them In." 

Origer takes a hard line on 

 the NFL and . believes th.it players from the senior loop will eventually come to the 
WFL of their'own accord, without exorbitant salary in- creases. 

He said: "A lot of those 

NFL players just, want a chance to play. 

"It's a matter of pride. This 

 may sound crazy, hut they may end up playing for us/for less money. 

"In the NFL they've been 

 sat on, kicked around, fined and humiliated. The league called all the shots. Well, they may want something else." 

That something else could 

 be an organization like tiie 
Fire, Origer contends. 

Arrangement 

"We won't have any fines 

 and we won't keep anybody from criticizing what they feel is wrong. Our players will be free lo talk lo the press about anything, and my door will always be open to thorn too. 

"We want a family-type of 

 arrangement, where they can mouth off if (hey want. The 
NFL treats Us players like three-year-olds. We're offer- ing an alternative." 

Origer knows that the NFL 

 is making new overtures to ils players witli the sudden emergence of the WFL as a legitimate threat to the prestige of the league. 

"They want lo kiss and 

 make up," 
Origer claims, 

"but it's too late for that now." 

The confident owner has 

 vowed not to pay a penny should the Toronto Northmen run Into financial difficulty in meeting the big Dolphin (rlo's package deal. 

Origer isn't even sure the 

 stars can bring Toronto an ins- tant champion. 

Stable 

"I'm not luring anybody and 

I'havcn't declared war on the 
NFL. I figure a lot of those guys will want to come and play over here," 

Already In the Chicago 

.stable arc Virgil Carter, Leo 
Hayden, Jim Seymour and 
Bruce Jankowskl. Togo 1 her, their paychecks don't even come close lo what Csonka alone will be pulling down from Hie Northmen. 

"They're good names," 

Origer argues. "I don't believe in the supcrslar system anyway. It lakes a whole team dedicated to each other lo be a winner. 

"You can buy credibility, 

 and that's just wtiat Toronto did. I'm happy for it. 

"But you can't buy a winner, 

 and that's the only thing I want." 

I don't demean it In the least. I respect what It's out to do. 

"But like all new ventures It 

 lias to overcome many ob- stacles. If tlte league has in- genuity and money It will make It." 

Davidson's Job has been to 

 provide those two qualities. 
The conditions otherwise seem perfect for the birth of a league. 

"In the decade from 1562 to 

1972, gross revenues in pro sports expanded even more than the gross national product," Davidson notes. 

Too much of that is con- 

 centrated In too small an area, 
Davidson feels. 

"There are 7,ooo college 

 seniors out there, and over 4o.- 
ooo athletes playing college foolball. With competition for their sevlccs, the caliber of 
Ihe players can only increase. 

"Why waste all that 

 talent?" Davidson asks. 
CHRIS TO COVER WFL 
CHRIS Schcnkel will do the play-by-play commentary for the World Foolball League, starting In July, the Star learned this week. 

SchenkDl has boon dismissed by ABC from his role as 

 anchorman on the Saturday afternoon college football telecasts, n job he had held for the last nine years. Ho will be replaced by Keith Jackson next season, 

Hurlers heaped homers on Hank 
YEARS 'from now. Don 
Drysdale. Claude Oslcen and Bob Friend can tall 
'their grandchildren just how much they contributed to Henry Aaron's breaking of Babe Ruth's home run record. 

The trio of hurlers had a tot 

 to do witli It. They own the dubious distinction of serving up more gophers to Bad Henry than any other pitchers, even if At Downing gave up the big one. 
. 

Drystfate, the former 

Dodger ace. leads Hank's 
' homer parade with 17.' 

Pra«»ur« 

He's followed by former 

 teammate Claude Osteen who tossed up 13 to Bad Henry. The 
Pirate's Bob Friend takes sliow money with 12 round- trippers pitched to Aaron. 

The rest of Aaron's patsic 

 list include: 

Don Cardwcll (1o), Hoger 

Craig (1o), Larry Jackson 
(1o), Vernon Law (9), Mike 
McCormick '(9), Robin 
Kobcrls (9), Johnny Antonelli 
(a), Harvey Haddix (8), Jay 
Hook (o), Ron Kline (B), and 
Juan Marlchal (8). 

"I've always looked upon 

 baseball as a job," Henry,iaid. 
"I go out there and do what Is expected of me and perhaps I don't show a lot of emotion. 

"In my mind I am belter 

 when tlie pressure is on and there is motivation. Breaking 
R u t h ' s record was the motivation." 

By GREG GALLO 

HE MAKES more money in a single season than Babe Ruth, Lou G eh rig, Joe DiMaggio, or 
Mickey Mantle ever did. 

His price is $12o,ooo and his name is Bobby 

Murcer, the man designated to bring the New York 
Yankees back from the dead. For what is expected of him, Bobby Murcer Is being grossly underpaid. 
No one player can wipe away a decade of mediocrity. No one man 

Bobby 

MURCER'takes his cut... but can he cut it as a team leader? 

Judy plays it 

JUDY COOK was a runner-up 13 times and was beginning to feel she'd never be a winner. 

Then her roommate at a women's bowling tournament 

 in Japan slipped a book to her. She's been winning ever since. 

Judy, who was recently named Woman Bowler of the 

Year says, "I'm basically not a reader. 

"But I'd been bowling for 12 
_ 

 years and had never had a big win. I was feeling something was wrong with me. 1 had real- ly developed a mental block. 

"Then I read The Power of 

 the Subconscious Mind by Dr. 
Joseph Murphy and I started believing that my mind can take over. I can picture the end results and get them. That 

LINDA BONO 

 book told me I could win. 

"1 won the Japan Pearl Cup 

 after that. With that first win, 
I didn't feel like I had to be a runner-up again." 

Unanimous 

Judy, a gray-eyed blonde 

 from Kansas City, Mo., has won more than just her con- fidence since slio read the book. 

She took first In the Pitt- 

 sburgh Classic last Augustand the Ebonite Open In Wichita, 
Kan., In November. 

She was an almost un- 

 animous choice by the Bowling 
Writers Association for 
Dowlcr of the Year, an award she received in Milwaukee. 

Judy started bowling when 

 she was four years old. "My 
Mom and Dad owned a bowl- 
Ing alley. 

"Most people who started 

 out so young are pretty good, but there arc some people who 
Just have natural ability and are great after a year of bowling." 

She has the distinction of bo- 

Ing one of the best-dressed bowlers on the pro circuit. 
Sometimes that distinction is more trouble than It's worth. 

She used to travel weighed 

 down with suitcases but she's beginning to pare down her wardrobe. 

"I used to take so much 

 you'd think I was going to be gone for a month. I justhate to wear an outfit more than once when I'm in a tournament. But 
I'm getting better. 
" I've cut down the number of clothes I take, but I still travel with five pairs of shoes. It takes a separate bag Just for my shoesl" 

Judy plans to marry pro 

 bowler Dave Soular late this month or in June, depending on her tournament schedule. 
Their engagement came about after she'd read the book on the power of the mind, too. 

"I'd known of Dave for 

 years and he'd heard of mo because we'd bowl In mixed tournaments," she says. "But 
I really got to know him at 
Brunswick, where we work. 

"Now we're just trying io 

• juggle our tournaments so wo nave free lime fora real wed- ding. I don't want to gut married In a bowling-alley." 

Judy's been married before, 

 by the 

 book 

TV every week from January to April. 

"Women bowlers In Japan 

 are paid twice what the men there are," Judy says. 

"A top woman money 

 winner there might win $37,ooo 
In a year. I was the top woman money winner here last year and 1 got 111,ooo." 
That's still not.bad for a woman who thought she'd never be anything, but a runner-up! 

JUDY Cook - one of tho oost- dresscd bowlers on the circuit. 

 and her two children, Roy, 8, and Lcann, 5, are already making plans for theweddlng. 

Dave, like Judy, Is one of the 

 high money winners on the pro bowling circuit.but for men there's considerably more 

 money than for women. 

A lop winning woman might 

 average $3,ooo a year but n man would get at least 58,ooo. 

Dave has won 14 Pro 

Dowlers Association (PDA) tournaments, won the Masters 
Tournament Inst yeat-and Is now on the Winners Tour on 

GET YOUR 
SKATES ON 
AMERICAN kids are finally 
[earning to stand up. on their skates. 

Hockey has been an almost 

 exclusively Canadian game until now, but indications arc that this country will begin playing a larger and larger role in the rink before too many more Stanley Cups . 

The N a t i o n a l Hockey 

League drafted 26 Americans 
In 1973 — an all-time high. But more important, they arc be- ing selected for their all- around skating ability. 

"Most of the American 

 players of the past were ioaltcnders," nilmlts Frank 
)ouchard, a former Hangers standout. 

"It had a lot to do wllh the 

 relationship goaltcnulng had to fielding and catching a baseball." ' • • "\ • ' • • • '-v • 

But the times are changing. 

 can turn losers into winners, ail by himself. 

Murcer's 1974 contract is 

 the highest in Ihe history of the 
New York Yankees. His job this season is the toughest in baseball. 

But even ifMurcer hits .32o, 

 slams 3o home runs and knocks In 1oo this season, his duties will not be completed. 

When Murcer and the 

Yankees came to terms this spring It was assumed the centcrficlder was being paid for more than just his perfor- mance on the field. 

Thepinstripcrs were looking 

 for a team leader. 

He met with the Yankees' 

 manager 
B i l l 
V i r d o n 

 specifically about his new role. 

Savior 

He was to be the new leader 

 of the Yankees. A savior who would rescue baseball's most prestigious franchise. 

But Bobby Murcer is no 

Superman in pinstripes and he knows it. 

"I don't walk around and say 

 to myself, I'm the leader of the Yankees," says Murcer, considered one of the top players In baseball today. 

"As far as my responsibility 

 to this team goes, I just try to do all I can on the field to win a ball game. If a kid needs some advice, sure I'm gonna take him aside. I'll do anything to make the Yankees a great ballclub again." 

Murcer is In a difficult spot. 

He has just reached maturity as a ballplayer, only recently given up bubble gum for chew- ing tobacco. He is on his way to becoming a super star. 

Stymied 

However, Murcer's progress 

 as a player could be stymied because of the added pressure of being the No. 1 Image man on the Yankees. He Is the guy the others on the club arc ex- pected to look up to. 

Somehow that seems a little 

 much for a quiet, young man from. Oklahoma City like 
Bobby Murcer. 

"I've been around for seven 

 years now and I've learned a lot of things," says Murcer. 
"I'm 27 years old and I feel I have matured as an athlete." 

Yes, hut does Murcer have 

 the leadership qualities that the Yankee! expect of him? 

"^e have qi\c jender o^thts 

Mlurcer on the spot 

 ballclub and that's Billy Vir- doii," says Murcer. 
"The 

Yankees expect me to do the job the same as everybody else. That's what they're pay- ing me for. 

"Billy (Virdon) worked us 

 lard in Florida. He stressed fundamentals and saw to it that everybody was busy. 

We all knew from the start 

 who was the boss. In the past 
^ s would hang around and lot do much in camp. This 
(ear there was no lime for 
[hrowing the bull ." 

If Virdon runs a tight ship 

 during the season maybe 
Murcer won't have to worry about his teammates missing curfew or putting out 1oo per cent on the field. 
Attitude Has Become a 

 problem on the Yankees but 11 still takes a second seat to the club's biggest headache: talent. 

Curfew 

The Yankees' losing syn- 

 drome has existed since 1964, the last year New York won 
(he American League pennant. 
No one has been able to pull j the Yankees out of the quick- sand yet. 

"We have had trouble the 

 past few years," says Murcer. 
"Last season we were in front and then at mid-season everything fell apart. We just can't seem to put a whole season together. 

"We started making silly 

 mistakes. Our pitching staff had arm trouble. Everything 
Just snowballed on us. And then we let down." 

Proudly 

SVbal Is the cure to the con- 

 tinuing losing ways of the New 
York Yankees? 

Can Bobby Murcer lead the 

Yankees back to the top, where they onco stood so proudly? 

The answer Is No. 
The way out for the Yankees 

Is to find more players like 
Bobby Murwr and Just let them cam tHelrsalarlcs on the 
,ba,s9b.all.fte|d, 

PAGE-IS TiiE.\.vnomsr,tiiApfliL».iwi. 

Legalized drugs could turn the big race Into a giant lottery 
THE 
BUTE-AFUJL 
DERBY! 

By RAY KERRISON 

THE centennial Kentucky Derby, just three weeks away, has turned into a crazy lottery, the biggest, wide-open scramble in the history of the race. 

Just about every three-year-old in the country with four legs, sound or otherwise, is aiming to take a shot. If you want the winner, reach for a hat pin. Pundits east and west of the Mississippi a t t r i b u t e the un- precedented Derby free- for-all to the absence ol a stand-out colt and hot lust to win the centennial running. 

Want a winner? 
Use a hat pin 

That's only part of the story. 

The real cause probably Is 

 that for [he first time in 1oo years, horses are being prepared for America's 
'greatest thoroughbred classic on drugs. 

It has thrown Form, as we 

 know it. into a cocked hat. 

It will possibly throw tile 

Derby into the lap of the gods 
— or, more precisely, the hands of the druggists* 

Hurting 

• 
Eight states, Including 

Florida and California, have adopted 
"permissive 

 medication," a euphemism for 
Hie use of Butazolldin, known as bute, and other drugs. 

Cute is a pain-killing agent 

 which masks soreness in a horse's joints and permits him to race near the top of his ability without knowing now much he is hurting. 

Until, of course, ho breaks 

 down. 

In a startling development, 

Kentucky recently decided to jettison its purist Instincts and join the swinging bute set. 

To gauge the effect of bute, 

 consider the havoc wrought among Derby candidates in 
Florida and California tills winter. 

In its first year of "per- 

 missive medication," Florida staged !1 stakes races for 

 three-year-olds training for the Kentucky Derby. There were 11 different winners. 

The record in California is 

 almost identical, with the colts taking turns at defeating each other. 

If you think that's strange, 

 wait tilt the Derby crops from. 
Nevv York and other slates nil 
Louisville. 

Drugs are not permitted In 

New York, hut when their con- tingent ships into Churchill 
Downs, trainers can burn the phone wires to t&e 

 veterinarians. 

A Derby colt, limping along 

 in New York or some other drug-free state, could wake up with a vengeance on the first 
Saturday In May. 

The chief beneficiary In 

 sight now is likely to bo. 
Protagonist — if he makes it to the Derby. 

Until recently the Winter- 

 book favorite, Protagonist Is. believed tohave leg problems. 

In two tune-ups for the Der- 

 by, he lias run like a hobbled mule. 

In the Bay Shore <il 

Aqueduct on a sloppy track he finished a disappointing fourth behind Hudson County, 

In a division of the Gotham, 

 he ran absolutely last on & mud-slop track. 

Yet, If Protagonist answers 

 the bugler's call at the Downs and the track Is fine, it might be a case of — watch outl 

His trainer, John Campo, 

 makes no secret of hoiv swiftly 

 he will reach for bule if the oc- casion .demands. 

When Kentucky gave bule 

 ttic green signal, the trainer yelled: "Man, just in time for 
John P.Campo." 

With the centennial Derby 

 as the prize, there will not be a horseman on the backstretch who will not use bute if he thinks it will give him an edge. 

The truly amazing feature of 

 the introduction of permissive medication fs that thepuMlcis being kept in the dark as to who uses it on what horses, and how often. 

Racetracks make a big show 

Of advising the -.public of overweights, blinkers on or off, even what kind of shoes a horse is wearing. 

But they don't disclose a 

 thing about horses primed on drugs, 

Horsemen have mounted a 

 pressure tactic campaign to persuade us that racing on 
Butazolidtn Is more formful and belter for everyone. 

Glance through a week's 

 charts at Hialeah and judge for yourself. It is apparent that something decidedly un- wholesome is happening among the flamingos and royal palms. 

Too many horses, heavily 

 backed by the public, arc breaking down, being cased, going lame, bleeding or just refusing to run. 

Here is a mere sampling 

Rube the Great wins 

 from one week's racing at 
Hlateahi 

MAROVI - a 9 to 5 favorite 

— broke down at the 3f. pole. 

SUN DANCE GEM — a 15 to 
I shot — broke down at Iho halfmile pole. 

ARTHUR SPOLTER - at 8 

 to 1 — broke down near the final quarter pole. 

FULL OF FIGHT — a 7 to 5 

 favorite —-eased after going lame. 

SECOND tun _ heavily 

 backed at 7 to 2 — broke down on the final turn. 

LADY PRIDE — at 7tol— 

 went lame and was eased. 

PALAMONT — another D to 

5 favorite — refused to extend himself and was eased. 

GLAZING — at 6 to 1 —' 

 refused to extend himself and was cased. 

GAMBIER - at 4 to 1 - 

 stumbled entering the stretch and lost rider. 

 the Gotham — and races into Derby calculations. 

Since Florida's Division of 

Parl-Mutuel Wagering and 
Hialeah keep the drug infor- mation secret, there Is no way 
(he public can tell which of the break-downs were on bule. 

What can be said with cer- 

 tainly is that too many un- sound horses are going to the gate and they are costing punters hundreds of thousands oF dollars. 

It might even be worse In 

Illinois where slcward nnd former jockey Ted Atkinson, who opposes bute, counted no less than 65 horses breaking 
.down in a three-month period. 

It seems to me that if Ken- 

 tucky wants to keep faith with 
.the public, it lias an obligation to advise in advance the names of Derby starters dosed with bule. 

If you want to live 

 dangerously and handicap the 
Derby conventionally you could do worse than con- 

TO FOLLOW. r:!KQRSES TO FOLLOW. , .HORSES TO .FOLLOW. 

 ccntratc on two prospects, 

They are Judger and 

Busliongo. If It comes up slush on May 4, switch quickly and grab Rube the Great. 

After watching (ha can- 

 didates for a month In New 
York and Florida. I've seen nothing to change my mind, that Judgor and Busliongo nro the ones to beat. 

Busliongo Is simply getting 

 stronger, better and truer with every appearance, 

He has the speed to be with 

 the leaders throughout and tho stamina and breeding Co bulldog his way through the stretch. 

Judger, a son of Damascus, 

Is one of the few Derby can- didates to run consistently through the winter. 

Rube (lie Great was tremen- 

 dously impressive winning a division of the Gotham at 
Aqueduct on a track labelled sloppy but essentially bogey. 

MEW YORK 
CAILADOR — This thrce- year-otd gelding was given a 
Very bad ride. Running for 
$11,ooo will be right here. 
FULL OF LOVE — This four- year-old filly by Bold Ituler, is kicking the barn door down. 
HOD aboard. 
GAVEL TO GAVEL 
- Fit 

 as a fiddle. Look for this one to repeat if not overmatched. 
FLEET IMAGE ~ This J.P. 
Campo filly has all the speed necessary to go wire to v/ire in her next start. 
REGAL DESTINY - Showed good speed in last. Look for this one to move up and win-' again. 
ANNfNDALE -Had a game effort in her initial outing. 
Should have no trouble in 

. breaking her maiden for 
17,5oo. 
IRWIN'S BOY - Has improv- ed Immensely. J. Conway has three three-year-old ready to win. 
COOL CANEEL - This four- year-old gelding despite his troubles is good right now. 
Should win for S12.ooo. 
GRAND • IMPRESSION - 
Look for this one to come 

NANI LEWIS CALLS THE WINNERS home In her very next start. 
Coming around in grand style. 
CZAREVNA — Pressed pace in lost and came up short. 
Should go all the way next time out. 
TIME TEM.S - Darn la look- ing for price. This colt will bo sent a distance of ground and never be headed. 

 game effort in his last start, 
Should have no trouble winn- ing for flfl.OOO. 
NEW JERSEY 

SODA POP — This $3,dM clalmer has been sharpened in sprints. Ready for a winning effort. 
IN TANDEM - 
Likes any 

 type of track. Should have no 
(rouble winning for $7,5oo. 
SLIGHTLY OVERCAST — 
Was hard-pressed for lead in last. Is sharp now. 
7.. RON — Coming to hand nicely. Ready to win a starter handicap race. Hop aboard. 
SIR SPRING — A slight drop la class will put this one in the 

FOR TH 

Winner's circle. Looks good. 
MAYLASI AN — Had no racing room in last. Has the speed to go wire to wire. 
NY TROTTERS 
D'LCINEA HANOVER — Ran wide throughout in a game ef- fort. Heady now. 
JERRY BLAZE — Forced pace throughout and just got beat. One more chance. 
HONEST DAVID - Ran wllh cover. Had no chance. Should be a price. 
STAtiS PRIDE - Barn look- 
Ing for price. Tills pacer Is ready now. 
NKWENQLAND 
COLIFA BLUSS — At a price. 
Came up short In last. Is ready now. 
DR. PEABODY — Has been working rapidly. Darn likes. 
CORNISH MONARCH — May 

E CASH 

 come up n big price. Is propp- ing smartly. 
NATIVE 1VOOF — Coming to hand In good sliape. Trainer looking for spot. 

 change definitely needed, Can win for $6,ooo. 
FLORIDA 
REVENGE — Was shuffled back early and finished full of run. Looks good. 
DOMBOLINO — Has plenty of early foot, Should liavo no 

 trouble running for a ?5,ooo tag. 
IN THE BAG — Was forced lo run wide In his last slart. 
Sharp now, 
CRITICAL CONDITION — 
Tills one will be a price. Has the speed to go wire to jvire. 
WINTBIl WAR - Loves the grass. Should have no trouble winning If not overmatched. 
APPLE EATEH — Hns been raced to top condition. Ready- for best effort, 
MARYLAND 
BLUE CHIP LO - Tins filly got caught In a traffic jam. 
Disregard last. 
THE DEAR DOCTOR — A 

BEST BETS OF THE* WEEK 1 

NEW YORK - Lucky Spade; NEW JERSEY — Solo Lightj 
MARYLAND - Redeem Battlej NEW ENGLAND - Gee 
Linda; FLORIDA - Two Harborsi CALIFORNIA Forage) 
N.Y. TROTTERS- Princely Choice. 

 slight drop in class Is suggested. Has the speed lo g» all the way. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY — 
Hounding fo lop form Latch on. 
HATS MORSnERGER — 
Forget last. Saddle slipped. 
Has plenty of speed, 
Sill JIG — A game sort. 
Should show tho way home at ft 
ME price, 
GIIACIE S. — This $<,ooo clalmcr Is coming lo hand. 
Likes a distance of ground. 
CALIFORNIA 
DOLD BALLET — Three- year-old filly has plenty of speed. One to catch Hie next time out. 
P1IALERON - This four- year-old colt came up short fit the last start. Ready now. 
JACANGO — Is rounding lo top condition. Should liavo no trouble In his next slart. 
SPHERE — Has n fondness for tho turf course. Looks and nets good. 
EARLY RELEASE — la rounding to lop form. Loves a distance of ground. 
GOLDEN F,AGLE — jockey error cost this one a win. Ona more chance. 

Killer's heart is in job as fireman 
IF you've come close to death,.how pan you get up- tight about a ball game? 

Detroit Tigers ace reliever 

John Hitler posed the question. 
He answered It last season, selling'a major league mark with 38 saves. Including 1o wins. 

Hitler, can't get uptight 

 about baseball, or about 

 anything. A 1871 heart attack turned his Ijoal around. 

Before he was felled by a 

 coronary occlusion, Hlfler refused to recognize his own talents. He pitched only mediocre ball. He smoked a lot and ate the wrong foods, 

Stranga 

He was arrogant and In- 

 different to the public. 

"It may sound strange," the 

.dark-haired. Canadian says, 
"but it was almost fun coining back." 

During his first season back, 

•1972, Hiller was thrown in with the minor leaguers. 

Then his doctor gave him a 

 letter to the Detroit manage- ment stating that Hiller was physically sound 

"1 was in a strange 

 position," Hlltcr recalls. "I had nothing else to do but play ball. 1 knew I had to make It." 

Hiller now takes good care 

 of himself and Is tuned in to philosophy of living for the present. He has a new awareness of the challenges surrounding him. 

So lie answers mail and he 

 makes benefit appearances for various heart funds. 

He almost lost his life, but In 

[he process he found his heart.- 

SPORTS IQ 
ANSWERS 

ANSWERS to quiz from page 
«: 1. Cy Young hurled the javelin 242 feel, Vj Inch In 
1352; 2. Red Kelly of the 
Detroit Red Wings in 1952; 3. 
At Durham. N.C., between 
Oregon State and Duke in 
1942; <. Anaheim, Dallas, 
Denver, Houston, Indiana, 
Kentucky, Minnesota, New 
Orleans and New York; 5. Jue 
Modivlck, Leo Durocher, Rip 
Collins, Di?.zy and Paul Dean and Pepper Martin;"6. John 
Miller in 1966; 7. 'Huby 
Goldstein; 8, Australian, U.S. and French opens and 
Wimbledan; 9. The Brooklyn 
Dodgers and the Boston liravps played 2o Innings May 
1, 192o in a game called off for darkness wild the score tied 1- 
1. They had played three hours, 5o minutes; 1o. Pete 
Kadcmacher in 1936. 

TlrE NATIONAL STAR APRIL !o. W< I'rtUE, II 

BUTKUS 
BLITZES 
LAS VEGAS 

The big bad 
Boar howls off koy 

BARITONE Butkus appears nervous. 

WELL, o1' Blue Eyes may be back/but there's some question whether o1' Red Dog will be. 

In keeping with the Easter season, Chicago Bear mid- 

 dle line-backer, Dick Butkus, laid an egg the size of a football at his Las Vegas singing debut. 

Butkus, fulfilling a longtime desire, appeared at the 

MGM Grand Hotel wearing a large bow tie and a tuxedo which seemed to have some difficulty containing Dick's 
245-pound frame. "He was very excited about singing in a 

 big Las Vegas casino," says Bobbi Teitel, a 
Chicago ad writer who has created a new TV sliow called Fantasies 
Fulfilled. 

She set up the one-night 

 stand in w h i c h Butkus appeared with comedian 

Ehecky'Greene and singer Vic 
Damonc. 
"This is a lot different than 

 the morning of a big game," said Bulkus, who was so ner- vous he had to cancel his first rehearsal. 

Oroanad 

"Dick never sang anywhere 

 before," said Bobbi, "except iu the shower." 

He tackled the job with 

 courage if nut virtuosity. 

Bulkus, a country and 

 western music buff, groaned out three choruses of Behind 
Closed Doors In a deep baritone thai hit more sour notes than a citrus grove. 

He got more laughs than 

Sliecky Greene. 

"I used to think playing foot- 

 ball \vas a man's job, but com- 

By 
JOSEPH 
MODZELEWSKI 

 ing out here on stage takes a real man," said Hutkus, a real man, who apologized to the audiewe of more than 1,ooo. 

Shecky then asked Bulkus if 

 he might want to go into show business after he hangs up his shoulder pads. 

"Before tonight, I thought I 

 did but now I don't know," said Bulkus. 

But despite the guffaws 

 from the audience during bis performance, 
Butkus was 

 given a standing ovation. 

 fvmzltr 

In any event, you can catch 

Dick's segment of Fantasies 
Fulfilled on ABC's Wide World of Entertainment show. 

Butkus was simply following 

 the same trail blazed by other sports figures who go to Vegas in the off season to show the world they can do something other than throw a baseball, a punch or a block. 

Dodger great Don Drysdale, 

Maury Wills and Sandy Koufax teamed up some years ago and sort of wowed them In casino-land. 

Detroit Lions Alex Karras 

 made a successful comedy debut and iSmokin' Joe Frazier tried to knock 'cm out with his singing group. 

But Butkus will always he 

 remembered as a great foot- baVJ player. 

BUTKUS tries to tachfe a few notes out in the flat during his Las Vegas debut. 
DICK doing what he does best. 

MOW HBARTHIS . , , NOW HEAR THIS . . - NOW HEAR THIS ... 

WITH no Secretariats in the three-year-old crop this season, officials at Churchill Downs could be faced with a nightmare when entries for the 1ooth running of the Kentucky D«rby are filed. The starting gate cm only accom- 

 modate 26 horses at ChuichHI and It's expected that mor« than 
3o win bt named for lh« 1 '/, mile classic fn Louisville, Ky., on 
May 4... 

Rico Carty, one of baseball's 

 top hitters only a lew years ago, now playing for Cordoba fn Mex- ican League...WaU Jones, who mysteriously dropped out of basketball last year, working with kfds fn Philadelphia youth center. 

The Foreman-Norton fiasco in 
Caracas still Doggies the mind. 
Why were the two fighters' passports lilted when Foreman suddenly announced he had a bad Vnee and wouHn't be able to light? Did the Venezuelans say to 
Big George: 'You fight or you no leave the country'? A call to the 
Venezuelan consulate proud fruitless. Nobody wanted to dis- cuss the matter... 

Watch for Oerek Sanderson !o 

 wind up with the New York 
Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks, or the Los Angeles Kings... The 
Yankees have com* up with i real find In DH BUI Sudaklj, a 

 switch-hitler with power from both sides of the plain. 

The next TD pass thrown by 

Fran Tarkenton wilt bs his 25oth 
In NFL...Bill Goldsworthy of the 
Minnesota North Stars has become one of the most consis- tent scorers In the NHL. 
The 

 slender right wing bettered the 
4o-goal mark for the first time this season. 

II Philadelphia and Montreal 

 survive first-round action In NHL playoffs, k»X for a tough, light- filled series between the Fryers and the Canadians with the winner a good bet (o take the 
Stanley Cup... 

Rumors are hot thai Atlanta's 

All-Pro Claude Humphrey Ii lumping (o the WFL The new loop is expecld to make a major announcement soon on a sub' stantlal television contract. 
Could it be the Howard Hughes network? NFL Players' Associa- tion r«ps are fn communication with every player switching to the WFL II the WFL succeed!. 
Canadian football will be ui t real bind. 

The real big item In the WFL- 

NFL player war has been com- pletely overlooked. The pros are banking heavily that the con- troversial "option clause" In every players' conlracl may In- deed ba ruled unconstitutional 

 and overturned by Washington. It this happens there'll be a rush of players Jumping to the highest bidder. 

San Francisco lost a real blue 

Chipper in Ted Kwallck to Hawaii of the WFL. Departure,of the All- 
Pro puts a real strain on receiv- ing corps headed by Dan 
Abramowic*. 

There Is no truth to tho rumor 

 that Redskins' Billy Kilmer Is jumping to the WFL (or two six- packs of Coots and a 1959 ford pickup truck.. .Defensive backs around the NFl says they hay* the book on Saints' Archte Man- ning. Word Is Archie Is giving away his sideline tosses. DBs say 

 they know when It's coming by the way Archie cocks his arm. 

The New York Knlcks could bo 

 missing more than Dave 
DeBusschere nent year. Captain 
Willis Rood's knee can't tako much more punishment. Jerry 
Lucas has a similar problem, and 
Bil) 
Bradley 
Is still thinking 

 about getting into politics. 
DeBusschere, of course, has already announced his retire- ment and will be general manager of the New York Nets nest season... 

Protagonist, early Kno favorite 

 for the Kentucky Derby, looks more like a 1oo-1 shot. He's dis- appointed fn his preps. 

EXCLUSIVE ... ANOTHER STAR EXCLUSIVE 

Pistol Pete packin'to New Orleans 
PISTOL Pete Maravich will quit the Atlanta Hav;ks and play for the new NBA entry in the New Orleans Superdome, the Star has learned. 

Maravich, who starred at 

LSU, should help sell a lot of tickets for the new franchise. 
Pete has been unhappy in 

Atlanta. He was suspended by coach Cotton Fitzsimmons twice and had a slow slart 

 a f t e r an a t t a c k 
"of 

 mononucleosis. 

The Star was told that as 

 soon as contractual problems can be ironed out, Pete will be on his way to iNew Orleans 

STARS 
• • • Bl • ^^ • • • ^ 
. 
* eason s 

STAR EJffilllSIUF Pu PFTCD onnr> 
^~. a. 
— 
, 
^*» ^B» 
^M ^H^^B ^Hl 
STAR EXCLUSIVE By PETER BODO 

JACQUES La Perriere, Frank 
Mahovilich, Ken Dryden and Paul 
Henderson are headed for the 
Toronto Toros of the rival World 
Hockey Association, the Star learned exclusively this week. 

The startling defections from the 

NHL could be announced as soon as the playoffs are concluded. 

The man behind the deal is John 

Big four may sign on 

 with the 
Toros 

Basselt Jr., Toros owner and cer tified boy genius of upstart pro leagues. 

"There's no way we'll miss." 

Bassett said, "I'd like to have all four if I can afford them. 

"I don't want to endanger 

 negotiations, so all I can say is that one of them is a sure thing, and there's a 75 percent chance that 

 we'll have two without 
I 

 any trouble." Reliable 
Star sources say that the two big ones — 

Mahavilich and Dryden 
— will go first. 

Uslkreyton smokers would rather fight 

 than switch! 

Warnlngi Trie Surgeon General Has Determined 
That CigarellB Smelting Is Dangerous to Ywr Health. 

Sii(; 21 ms.'lir, 1.4 mo. nicoitej 1oo nci: 21 tng.-iar'! 5 ma n'coi'Mi 
'. 
'. «v.(jeicij«itiit.f[pfteiwiStpi.')3 r 
* _ . . 

Term* 

Both the high-scoring 

 forward and premier goalie, who elected to sit out hfs option year, have be«n close with Bassett outside the rink. 

The crossover could 

 reduce the Montreal dynas- ty to rubble. 

The Canadlens have been 

 stealing on thin ice ever since Dryden elected to sit out this year and defec- tions by Mahovilich and La 
Perriere could destroy the 
NHL's showcase squad, 

Bassett hasn't discfosed 

 contract tertns, but there is speculation that each player will be offered a guaranteed, multi-year deal approaching a cool million. 

"I've known Mahovilich 

 since he was seven-years old, and Ken and Lynda 
Dryden are close friends of ours," Bassett said. • 

"I can relate to those guys." 

Negotiations have also 

 been advancing with 

La Perriere's lawyer. 
Henderson, a Maple Leaf, is also taking a good hard look at the Bassett deal. 

Bassetfs credentials hit 

 the sports world like an ex- ploding cigar when he sign- ed Larry Csonka, Jim 
Kiick and Paul Warfield with his Northmen of the fledging World Football 
League. 

Secret 

• The h a r d - d r i v i n g 

 entrepreneur and former 
Davis Cup competitor gets on.well with athletes and lias plenty of money to shower on them as owner of a largo Toronto televi- sion network. 
' "I dig these guys," he said. "I'd rather spend time with them than the owners anyday. If there's a secret to my success, that's it. 

"If I can sign Warfield, 

Csonka and Kiick, I can sign these guys," Bassett concluded triumphantly. 

BUTKUS 

ERNIE K CALLING ALL 

THE 

SHOTS 

BRASH Ernie D! Gregorlo Is much more than a magician with a basketbal!... he's downright prophetic. 

For Ernie D made three predictions when he signed a 

$2.5 million contract svith the Buffalo Braves of the NBA 
They were: THAT the Buffalo Braves would make the 

—— playoffs; THAT he would win the League's Rookie of the Year award, and THAT he would lead the NBA in two statistical categories. 

Amazing enough all.three predictions came iruc, 

Scoffed 

The Bra.VDs made the 

 playoffs tor the firsl lime in their history, Ernie became llookic of the Year, and lie led the NBA In assists and free 
Ilirow percentage. 
."I'm not ihe kind of guy who 

 makes Idle boasts, said 

DiGregorlo, "but I felt deep down Inside that I could ac- complish many things .In my first year and help Buffalo make the playoffs." 

People scoffed at this IIHIo 

 f?uy fresli oul of .Providence 
',',, College. Sorne'/cven 

. 
ERNIE D .. 

.Vfcedlrid ,<h» 

 jpjrk 

JJgl he could mnke.lt In the 

Early In the season they 

 nicknamed Ihe six-foot guard 
No-D, wlien DiGrcgorio was 

 having trouble on defense. 

Ernie improved with each 

 game and lie kept up his sen- sational 'play on offense. He became the Braves' floor leader. Ihe spark behind their sudiien rise In the standings. 

"I knew I could do it," said 

23-yenr-uld PlGrcgorio. "They said I was loo small but Iliat can work for you. I was com- ing to a young learn and (here 

 tak? " SP°l 'hCrC Ior "1C 

Starts 

THE NEW 
PRIDE 
OF THE 
YANKEES 

Sjforts 
CHRISSIE; 
FACES A 

[TENNIS 

CRISIS 

Wlih a year of experience 

 under his tell. Ernie D should be even boiler In 1975. 

IDNHAY 
Magazine 

KID AND pIt 

AGAIN 

(HAD YOU 

ASKEDIHAT! 

Q: A friend just bath from Ha wait chums she was 

 served tunch by naked waders in one of the clubs there. Was she exaggerating? 
-"- 

A: No. It's happening at a club called the Dunes. And 

 the naked truth is that it's become so popular, reservations have to be mode a month in advance. In addition to walking in the buff ol lunchtime, the waiters also appear onstage at night along wilh femme nudes —' in a show 

GILA ALMAGOR 
WILLIE MAYS 

 called "Stark Noked Revue." (No, there's no cover charge!) 

Q: What's your favorite topical iofce of the 

 week? 

A: Robert Orben reporting he hod a terrible dfcom . _ 

 that fie was Henry Kissinger and he got airsick! 

_Q: Itn't the Jerusalem courtroom In which Nazi 

 chief Adolf Eichmann was tried, convicted and sentenced to death now a national monument? 
And we're there other murderers executed fay 
Israel? 
. .. v 
. 

A: No — "not before or after Eichmonn," tourist 

 spokeswoman Gilo Almagor (Israel's. most famous stage end screen actress) told us. About the courtroom in which ihe defendant answered all questions pur to him whil4 secluded in a transparent, air-conditioned, hullel-proof glass booth. Miss Almagor commented, "That's a chapter in our history we'd like to forget, not perpetuate. It is now a Ihealer — what it was built to be in Ihe first place." 

Q; I've heard that Boris Spassky Is still bitter 

 about losing his chess championship to Bobby 
Fischer. Will they ever play again? 

A: There's a strong possibility Ihe pair will meet again in 

1975 for the same world chess title. Incidentally, Ihe magazine People reports that Spassky keeps Fischer's photo on Ihe wall of his Moscow apartment. 

Q: Didn't Wlllfe Mays fry to fofn a white country 

 club while he played for San Francisco? If so, what happened? 

A: Alter a vole of 5o nays and 5o yeas, Mays was 

 finally admilted as Ihe club's first block member — by the skin of his leeth. It wasn't long afterward thol there was 
1oo per cent agreement ihot Willie was one of Ihefnost popular and gracious gentlemen members on Ihe club roster. 

Q: / keep reading that the author of "The 

Godfather," Mario Puzo, was so broke that he had to sell paperback and movie rights for very tittle money. Is this true? 

A: No. The paperback v/as bought by Fawcett for 

$4 1o,ooo in a blind bid. With Ihe movie royalties, it's said 
Puzo's total lake ran well over $2 million. For more than o year, Puzo's been sweating out a new book. Working lille, 
"Fools Die." In keeping wilh Mario's reputation as an inveterate gambler, the story is set in tas Vegas and dwells on Ihe "boys" who run Ihe Vegas gaming rooms and Ihe girls who hong around them. 

 ia/ll lo Hf QalAier. 
UM. (Alr*oo. f.t'l n h Hi lo^nn, bl.1 

"Glorf Vdu Al^trf lt>ol " irrt cl rji 
.'* 4C«II. Hf Goidrt, »(.<r or.iwcr 
Ihr yolj-r.* of n-oU ffoktl ptrten 

HANK AARON CENTERFOLD POSTER 

Co/o/fo,'o by Jhe Aaotiofeei Preti 

IUNHCT 
Magazine 
CovtrD 

PANEL. BURT 

Editor 

< 
RICK WORKS 

Allcciole Fdiror 

Covcrdign 
Com M 

LINDA KOEHLER 
JOHN LANE 

PAGE 2 
EXPRtSS-NlWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-April 14, 1974 

Art By 
JOHN 
LANE 

 ix "DADDY, WHAT is spring? I mean, everybody says spring is here. What is it?" 

"Ask your mother," my falher said. "She 

 knows more than I do." 

"Mommy, whot is spring?" 
"Ask your falher," my mother said. "He's 

 older than I." 

They both laughed ond kissed each other, 

 and my falher said, "Let's Jusl go oul ond see eh?" 

My sister Ann is older than I. She's nice 

 sometimes and fun once in Q while. 

She said, "I'm not going. I know what spring 

 is." 

"Well, don't tell," my molher said. "We'd 

 ralher find out for ourselves, wouldn't we, 
•Ronnie?" 
' 

"Yes!" f shouted, ond for once nobody told 

 me lo calm down. "If we find it, will it eat me oil up?" 
. 

I shuddered to think of il. 
"No!" my sister scolded. "It'll eat you 

 down! You can't eat anylhing up unless you're 
'standing on your head," 

The thermometer in Ihe window soid it. 

 wasn't really warm outside, so we put on our coots; but Ihe sun was shining brightly, so when we wentjqut i_t_seemed too warm, offer all. 

Cold Dragon 

"Worm and cold at the same time," my 

 molher said. "Maybe spring is a cold dragon breathing fire," my father said. 

"Spring is a cold dragon breathing fire!" ! 

 yelled. I could see it plain as day. . 

My sister put'her head oul of an upstairs 

 window. "Il is not!" she said. "Oh, you!" I soid frowning. 

All along the block, windows were open Ihot 

 hod been closed all winter. 

I saw a bit of grass growing in a crack in Ihe 

 sidewalk where only yesterday, il seemed there had been nolhing of the sort. I bent down lo pull it up and my sister came roaring back. 

She bellowed at me,'"Don't you dare louch 

Ihql! There is a goblin living under il, and if you pull it up the goblrn will come out and grab 

- you!" 

John Lonzo Anderson has been writing stories for young people for 3o years. 
His latest book, "The 
Day the Hurricane 
Happened," is being published by 

Scrlbncr's. 

* * 
John Lane, the art director of News- paper enterprise As- sociation, has Illus- trated three boohs, the most recent of which, 
"Rockin1 

Sfeody," was 

 published earlier this year. 

1 shook like a leaf in (tie wind, and I pulled up 

 the bil of grass and ran. 

I footed back, and if wasn't o goblin at oil 

 lhaT I saw coming out of the crack and growing big and bigger and enormous — if was a Irolf, and I shivered and shuddered, 

Ahng Ihe avenue the^c were some frees. 

Buds were taming green. As I looked at them, every bud became a green monster as big as the whole tree had been when \ firsl looked, I hid beiween my parents and quivered and quaked deKdously. 

My molher suddenly noliced some birds in a 

 vacant tol. 

"The robins ore bock!" she cried. "Look 

•look-look!" 

They're Giants 

One of the robins was pulling a long worm 

 out of the ground for Saturday lunch. Pull, poll, stretch, strelch. 

All of o sudden it wasn't a robin at all, and 

 it wasn't o worm — the/ were a .couple of enormous terrible dinosaurs fighting each other but making faces straight at me! 

"Where are you going?" my fattier shouted 

 as I ran like a deer away from there. 

"I want lo live a little longer before they get 

 me!" I said. 

"Come back, Ronnie, come back," my 

 mother chanted. "Look what I see! See what \ look ! Crocuses!" 

Sure enough, a whole row of crocuses, all fn 

 a straight line, v/cre coming up in somebody's winc/ow-box. 

"They're like soldiers," my mother said. 
"Those are not soldiers," [ said. "They're 

 giants, and they're after mel" 

"ScarceCy cat/' my sister said, swooping on 

 ahead, 
' . 

The war schooner San Antonio, shown below, named for the 

Alamo City, was the scene of the only. m'uthiy,ht the Texas Nayy. 
5J|$ discftpearecf in August, 1 $42 

Photcf is of original sketch ojftfie 
•Sian. Antonlp'hy one of her crew 

THERE OMCE 

By ROSEMARY C. NEWELL 
^ EVERYONE KNOWS about the Alamo and San Jacinto — but how about the Texas Navy? 

Virlunlly forgotten by history, her gallant 

 illlo vessels nonetheless played a crucial role in preserving independence when Ihe Lone Star 
Slalc was a struggling republic. 

 more colorful Ihoi) cd schooner San. 

I paid no attention, (or ol lhat moment I saw 

 a gorgeous butterfly silling on a rose Iwig in Ihe sunshine. 

"Oh-oli-oh! my mother sang. "The very firs! 

 bullerdy of Ihe year, so early! Imagine!" 

Slowly it waved its yellow wings, up, down, 

 up, down, as if lo say, "See whol I could do if 
I wanted, I could fly away, bul now I like il here." 

Overhead a jet plane was whining through 

Ihe sky on silver wings. 

I put my face close to Ihe bullerlly. Il wasn't 

 afraid of me. Il grew. I looked more closely. II was getting big. On ils back was a saddle, wilh straps to hold il, and reins for guiding Ihe bullerfly. 

"Come," the bullerfly said. "Come fly away 

 with me!" 

Now il was huge. Quickly I jumped inlo Ihe 

 saddle and took the reins. Tho-,c wings, thai were so.slow before, now began to beat the air ond moke it whistle. 

Giant Arms 

Up we flew, past Ihe rose thorns that were 

 like sharp fingernails reaching for me, post (he tree branches that were like giant arms swimiming after me, away, away across the world. 

The sky cried, "You make me blue!" The sun 

 said, "Oh!" 

There we were alongside Ihe plane. The 

 people inside were gasping at the sight of us. 
(hey smiled and waved, and some of them looked fealous. 

Everypne^lse seems to khow what spring is except 
Ronniife."So-his mom and dad and sister, take him out to see spring for Himself. What he sees is a robin and a worm turning into two 
^fierce dinosaurs, a row of crocuses turning into tiny soldiers and, finally, a but- terfly which turns into a magic steed and flies him up to the sky. 

The butterfly flew circles oround Ihe plane 

 over and under, ahead and behind, while a dark cloud frowned at us. 

_t screamed wi|h delight and bounced in the saddle, flapping my arms to try to help with the flying. 

I heard my folher ask, "What are you flap- 

 ping your orms for?" and I knew I wasn't riding a butterfly at all, but running along Ihe sidewalk pretending to fly. 

The sun went behind the dark cloud. 

"Jl's starting lo rain!" my father soid. 

"Oh, my goodness!" my mother said. "Ah, 

 well — they do say, 'April showers bring May llowers.' But we're gelting wet!" 

"I'm not," I cried. "Look, turn sideways, like 

 me! I'm running between the raindrops!" 

Each raindrop had a silly face and said, 

"Pssl!" as il fell past my ears. 

Rain Stops 

Jusl os suddenly os il had started, Ihe rain 

 slopped. The sun came out again. 

"Well," my {other said, "I'm damp. And 

 hungry. It's time for lunch." 

"Let's eoll" my sisler yelled, and off she 

 went on her skates for home. 

I took my parents' hands again to cross the 

 street. I looked up and let them see me grinning as I asked once more: 

"Daddy, what is spring?" 

"I haven't the slightest idea!" he said. 
"You know what I think spring is?" I said. "I 

 think spring is when everything changes into something else." 

"You know what?" my mother answered. "I 

 think you're right." . 

WAS A WARSHIP. 

SAN 

The Texas Navy took oh a vastly superior 
Mexican force off Campeche on May 16, 
1 843. With only two ships, outnumbered and outgunned, the Texans won. The victory caused Mexico to abandon plans for Invasion and reconquestxjf Texas. 

Antonio, whose disappeaonce ranks as a minor maritime myslery. 

The first Texas Navy, acquired in 1 836, was 

 a 435-ton fleet of four small sailing vessels thai served for fess than Iwo years. 

Then, In 1838, President Mirobcau B. Lamar 

 decided that flic counlry needed o navy with real clout. A new fleet was bought and dapper, 
2S-year-old Lt. Edwin W. Moore [U.S.N.) was appointed ils commander. 

5oo-Ton Sloop 

The flagship was Ihe 5oo-lon slaop-of-war 

Austin, backed up by Ihe steamer Zavalo 
{named in honor of Texas' s first vice presidcnl, 
Lorenzo de Zavala), the 4oo-ton brig Wharlon, and three 17o-ton schooners. 

Tho lallcr, which included Ihe San Antonio, 

 were small but fast enough lo oulrun anylhing 
Ihey couldn't oulfight. 

"These lilllc fellows willi Iheir very lall masls 

 raking ofr, low freeboard and saucy air must have delirjliled the new Commodore's eyes," according to Tom Henderson Wells in his authorilalivo book, "Commodore Moore and the Texas Novy." 

From Ihe first, Moore had his hands full. 

Along wilh desertions, epidemics and hurricanes, he had to contend wilh political in- trigue, ineplness and deceit in the capital. The government was nearly bankrupt, so pay days for Ihe crew were few and far beiween. 

$7,ooo Haul 

The sailors, an unruly lol who would have 

 warmed the heart of Jean Lafille, contented 
Ihcmselves by smuggling liquor on board in 
Ifieir laundry when Ihe ships were al anchor. 
But fight they could if they had to. 

Cruising En ihe Gulf, Conwiodare Moore and 

 his men took many o Mexican ship os prize. 
One ship wilh cargo, captured by the San 
Anlonlo, brought $7,ooo info tlve government's meager coffers. 

And on Ihrec different occasions, the Texas 

 fleel was "rented" lo insurrectionists on Ihe 
Yucatcrj Peninsula (or Ihe lidy sum of $8,ooo a monffi. 

Never ono to be bothered by (lie niceties of 

 diplomacy, Moore would run up tho U.S. flag insleod of llie Texos colors on stopovers in 

 unfriendly Mexican ports. 

He would then disguise one of his men as an 

American officer. The impostor would trot off on a private "Mission Impossible" lo ferret out facts about (lie enemy's strength and strategy. 

During one of his more spectacular capers, 

Edwin Moore once look over fho entire town of 
San Juan Bautisla and demanded •— and got 
— a ransom of $25,ooo when he needed money to provision his ships. 

On May 16, 1843, the Texas Navy really 

 showed iis mettle. Wilh only two ships, the 
Austin and Ihe Wharlon, Moore rook on a vaslly superior Mexican force off Compeche that included Iwo giant British-made steamers. 

• 
Used In Survey 

Outnumbered and outgunned, Moore won. 

As a result of his viclory, long-cherished 
Mexican plans for the invasion and reconquest of Texas were abandoned. 

Meanwhile, the San Anlonio dad not been 

 idle. She was used in a survey of the Texas coasllinc, a losli Ilial required Ihousancfs of soundings. 

EXPRESS 

The resultant charts were published both in 

New York and by the British Admiralty, ond were eagerly sought by captains sailing the 
Gulf. Ships could now approach Texas harbors without running Ihe risk of shipwreck. 

TJie San Antonio was also the scene of Ihe 

 only mutiny in Ihe Texas Navy. While she was anchored off New Orleans in Ihe Mississippi, the crew — who had been denied shore leave 
— began lo drink. 

Fired by olcohol, Iheir resentmenl soon 

 reached Ihe explosive poinl and they took over 
Ihe ship, killing the ranking officer on board 
Three men were hanged from the yardarm as a result of Ihe unpleasant affair. 

The Son Anlonio was last seen on August 

27, 1842 when she sailed otj| of Galveslon presumably headed for Ihe Yucatan. It is im- possible (hat she foundered in Ihe hurricane thai hit the Texas coast soon afterwards, bul no one is sure. 

A schooner of her excel description was 

Inter spotted in the Caribbean, flying the skull ond cross-bones of Ihe Jolly Roger. 

•NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZIHE-April 14, 1974 PAGE 3 

Westwood Twin 

ER" 

(1. rt 

"FUNNY CAN 
SUMMER" 

13:1o, 2:OS, 3tiS, S:«, 7:33, 

S1.H3.oo 

HflRm QLFICH AOTT uuiL/on /nm uuRieR/Ton 

NO BARGAIN MATINEES OR PASSES 

1:oo-4:15 
7:1o-1o:oo 
1:oo-4:oo 7:oo-1o:oo 

SHE'S DAISY 
Mfa Farrow has the rofe of 
, Daisy Buchanan in "The Great 

Gatsby" of the Cenlury and Norfh Star Cinema. 

INDIAN FILM 
Shasj' Xapoor i/ori in the fj'/te role of "Siddharlha" os the young man who fries to find hfmself fn religion and wj'th Simi 
Gore wo/, com'i'ng to the 

Josephine. 

The same producer and the same proud.warm feeling 

 that made "Sounder" last year's best-loved film 

"A beautiful story for all ages, filmed with great wisdom and tenderness!' 
-REXREED, 

Chicago Tribune-Daily News Syndicate 

 where the lilies bloom 

 starring JUUE GHOLSON and HARRY-DEAN STANTON 
NOW SHOWING 
(G) 

WONDER 
CCNTLRT 
SCtlf H 

S.W- Mil. Dr. «> IH3> S». 934-6531 
.WOND 

- 
1:3o-3:3o-5:3o 

7:3o-9:3o 

. Bar. Mat. dally »•». Sun. 

O.AND SHOPPED ciry '73? 

1:o5-2:45-4:3o 
6:1o-7:55-9:4o 
$1.25 till 1:3o' 

Vincent. P«tef 
Rcbsrt 

Price Cushfng Quarry 

— ;»orMru*r— 

"THE DIATK MASHR" 

'.I AIIDCI 
;31>I4B} 
LAUREL i3iosonF 
.»?i-^ 
WOOOLAWN,.^i' 

CHARLES MQX RQBIKSDK-1IH CQNSlDIHE 
DAVID MOSES • CLAIM) MURnNE/rfa 

IN THimo»IOIf/A; CAfff 

"THE DOBtRMAN GANG" 

PAGE 4- UPRHS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZIHE-Aprit 14, 19/4 

"CBIH" 12iOO-3iIO-«i2o-«:JO I 
"CIHOT" ltJ5-4;4!-7i3S 
' 
1 

 troxj^ni.i^oosAT./suM. j 

3-FEATURIS-2 
5 iuwnr*w*«o 

MOMINAriOMJ 

 tor ring HARRIET ANDERSSON 

INGRIDTHULIN' 
•LIVUllAWNN 

IN 

NGMAR BERGMAN'S 
CRIESAND 
WHISPERS 

"CINDYAND°D"ONNA" 

 i:i.l?.!.-.''":I.!«:'.'":'-«o 

 lorry Caul will go anywhere 

 to bug a privalo conversion 

GeneHcxkmon, 

/• MT^L w 
Conversation 

 urs^yn ana Undo B/aiV 

 movre about demon 

 ion 'The Exoreist" a I 

« 
. 
o S°-"«'I4I U., Ill) Mklbn t«X 31oo ««• 

Uliri W, (M) lo.i UVi DWltkh o1 W.W. WKli vnw; (19) Nj. r4*o. 5<X1 P.d.o ol Uliri t<j, (M) lo.i I.Vi. DWltkh o1 W.W. WKli 

SV/. MJ.tary. (?A) Eo-id,,o RJ_ loop ^Q g, 8al^*g p^* ° "r' 

ON BROADWAY 

DANNY NEEDS 
GOOD CHARTS 

By EARt WILSON 

NEW YORK 

V "THEY SAID, 'Hey, Jake, you ctm sing!'" 
Danny Thomas said, holding an unlighted cigar in his hand. 

"I told Ihem they were crazy 

 and they said, 'We're crozy lo 
Ihe extent of $5o,ooo for Si. 
Jude's Hospital.'" 

Danny, born Amos Joseph 

Alphonsus 
Jacobs, is now 

 celebrating Ihe birth of a second album, "I'll Sh'11 be Loving 
You," and still has his doubts about being a singer. 

"I'm a story-teller who can 

 carry a rone," he explained. 
Trie tall vodka in front of him was undrunkV"! am nol a voice so I need a lot of good charls. 

"I've introduced several hit 

 songs," h& continued. "I in- troduced 'This Is All I Ask' . . . 
'Beautiful Girls, Walk A Little 
Slower.' Gordon Jenkins had written it. 

Andy Williams SAW me sing 

 it al the Sands — SAW me — nol HEARD ME me — and said, 
'I've sung thai song two dozen limes ond this is Ihe first time I ever understood it.'" 

Song-talking 

Danny's song-talking storied 

 when he undertook lo do a 
Christmas album addressed lo his wife Rosemary In 1972. Il featured "You're the Bc-sl Thing 
Thai Ever Happened lo Me," written by James Wealherly. 

The second album has 

 several songs by Weatherly, who is now Jim instead of 
James, and one of them, addressed to 
Rosemary, is 

"Everything Reminds Me Of 
You." 

There's also ."I'll Still Be 

Loving You," by Steve Gold- man and Jim Brown. Danny, speaking [ust like a singer, said, 
"We hope it'll land in Ihe top 
4o." 

Some lingers, in Danny's 

 opinion, sing loo well and too much. "There's an old saying 
Ihbt a cantor told me that some cantors who are supposed to be praying are singing to hew their own voices, they're not praying as much as they're singing." 

He introduces Walter Popp, 

 his accompanist, and the loader of a sizeable orchestra al the 
Sands, saying, "There were 

MARY TYLER MOORE 

DANNY THOMAS 

 times when he was the whole; o/chcslra." j 

"Jack Kopp, may he rest ire 

 peace," he said, referring lo frirj 

 late recording tycoon, "used fa beg me to sing but ! couldn't stand most of thai rock music. S used lo close up my ears. This I 
'Itad to overcome . . . " 
\ 

And now he says about rock,; 

"Well, baby, there's a market- for il. I think Stevie Wonder is good. I think Tom Jones is good. - 
You can call them 'those crazy rock stars' but they're nol crazy to some people. 

' 
About Rock 

"Listen, we had 'Mairzy' 

Coats' and we had the Black 
Boltom, didn't we? My father used to soy, 'What the is 

 lhat noise?' He busted more radios throwing Ihem out win- dows. 

"To Ihem il isn't singing, it's(- 

 a feeling . . ." 

Danny was on Ihe way. to- 

Miami Beach for a St. Jude's' benefit starring Frank Sinalra 
"stopping off in Memphis to see my hospital, doubling back to 
Boston lo see Mario in 

'Thieves,'" but something 

 reminded him of discovering 
Mary Tyler Moore. 

"Sure, I casl her — per-, 

 sonally — for Ihe Dick Van 
Dyke show ... 

Wasn't Right 

"I couldn't remember her 

 name. We were looking for a girl for the Van Dyke show and 
I remembered she trad audi- tioned for my daughter but Ihe physiognomy wasn't right. 

"But for this I thought she'd 

 be right. 1 said lo everybody, 
'What was lhal girl's name, Ihe one ivilh Ihe legs in lhal private eye series?' Nobody could remember, 

"I said, 'Go gel the actors' 

 book. It's got lo be in the book.' 
It was." . 

Danny though! back. 

"Somelimcs it's Ilia actor motes 
Ilic part, sometimes it's Ihe part maVcs the actors. Sometimes belli work and sometimes' neither does. That's why they go our of town and Jiavo brcok-ins." 

 is one of the most beautifully made pictures of the year!" 

£• • xy^^i«s 
-». \Jfftf 
S ""^ ^* 
-^k* 

 wagons 
.invisible fist 
\& 
" 
Draau- l"lJVI.9.4rtj,1rt'Vn>J. 

H«l: IMJ-4JM.-M 
'INIPM-$I.OO 

International 

 ewardesses 

Lee Marvin Gary Grimes 
Ron Howard • Charlie Martin Smith as 

The Spikes Gang 

THE BLOODY 

BUTCHERS! 

ISLAM) thifl! survival is a day -to da/ 

HHROCOICR _ 
I [•Yiv./iril.ii; I-IU:E 

PLUS 2ND BIG FEATURE, 

"THE CATLING GUN" 

MAJESTIC 

GoMIng Gum 1:oo, 4.-1O, 7slO 
Terminal lslurtd:_2i4O, 

5i5o, 9:OS 

 l 
Ev«n"iay 'HI 3PM . . 51.J5 

WINNER OF 

TWO ACADEMY 

AWARDS! 

"BEST ' 

SCREENPLAY 

FROM ANOTHER 

MEDIUM" 

"BEST SOUND" 

THE EXORCIST 

 o From WIT* Bra. I 

EiclnJif loU Show Enpjtratot, 

SutilYolRKmtl. 

No DuccxnCTklru. No Ftsses. 

434O BROADWAY 

TlSBRJLblflriT. 
IIS OUT OF 

TOIS WORLD! 

WA1TDISJVEYS 

WONDERIfflND 

Story Teller 

Rocord Available on Disneyland (^ nvrVll 

Records. 

TECHEIICOIAR,* 

WALT DISNEY'S 

TECHNICOLORS b.rt»>iHMut,iu»in.>jii«co.i« c 

 pQV CENTRAL PARK U 
1 **• ir«n« ru> uwtM n«n 

HI 1113 

"fOX" "CINEMA" 11:3o-1:3o-3:3o-5:3o-7:3o-9:3o 

A girl with a great foilpwinx;: 

Every cop in the 

 state was after her. 

Everybody else was behind her. 

UULUll HftWN 

 rvnnrop i ni uuuniiLHnu i/ir/7tio 

IXPKESS-NtWS SUNDAY MAGAZIW-Apiil 14, 1974 
PAGE S 

Too b^t « loo wportoni to «ct?J brf o*n 

 rptone [gl| rs n in^u 13 *e HC-J Aj S« 

Ftop!t Irom a< well ol Ut. l&n t\ itf Mxcn^ fr>H tnd t<Ff o51 j-fc-fi ten ft>J do tf.vlit 

 too (en put a Wort W la »tnk fee ^oo... to 
KY, s* J, HA.', i^jro « tat.., inr^fy by d"cf- ing US tia 

M AD HOUSE-Of ATH WASTf 
Both In Dripping Iked Col 

BEST 

ACTRESS! 
Glenda 
Jackson 
[George Segal] 

THE FUNNIEST LOVE 
JSTORYOFTHEYEAR! 

STARTS 
WEDNESDAY! 

(PG) 

^Touch 

Of Class 

3-5:3o-HQ:3Q 
1o Academy 
IT* Awards 

STREISAND 
SREDPORD 

THE WAYWE 

WERE """ 

1-3-6-9-PM 

WALT DISNEY 

 pBOoocmoMS- 

"ROBIN HOOD" 

1:oo-4:15 
7:1o-1o:oo 
HO IAR. MAT. 

HO PASSIS 

IPO) 

JONVOiGHTts 
•UTUT" "CMUU 

QIO'JP BAIES 

CAlLMt. W1MCHESUK 

342-43o4 

1:3o-3:3o-5:3o 
7:3o-9:3o (PG) 
IXdPT 

"CATSlt" 

BARGAIN 
MATINEE 
EVERYDAY 
'TIL 1:3o P.M.' 

ALL SEATS 

Sl.OO 

11:3o-1:3o 
3:3o-5:3o 

" Vaiious people have been screwing up my name. It's a swell name. It belonged to a bartender, a minister, a classics scholar, and a burlesque queen. It's Conroy, notConrack, but if you want to call me that, go ahead. 
I'm beginning to like the sound of it'.' 

JONVOIGHT 

KING AND QUEEN 
Jean Pierre Caisel one/ Geral- dj'ne Chopffn ore Kmg touij and 
Queen Anrte r'n "The Three 
Aluskefeers" o^ /he Cenlury 

South ond Cofoniei North. 

Harry Caul will go anywhere to 

 bug a private conversation. 

His talents are 

 unequalled. 

They've already been responsible for three murders. 
FIRST 

OeneHockmon 

-TheOxwersoKon- 

UCHNKo1oR 

192o Ftedetiikibu.g Rdi 

735-5213 

FOR GROUP DISCOUNT INFORMATION, 
CALL 
VICTOR HARDING-HUM! (Cmlury Swk) 
1o1 WINCHtSTER M2-)»4 (Nwih Sft» CfMmt) 

One beautiful mun. Hisstory istruo. 

2olh Century Fox presents A MARTIN PITT/IRVING RAVETCH PRODUCTION Also staffing 
PAUL WINFIELD HUME CRONYN 

, 1:1o-3:7o I 1:3o-3:3o 

 i 5:3o-7:4o I 5:3o-7:3o 

9:5o 
I 9:3o 
SOUTH 

 fAOE 4 
HfRfSS-HEWS SUNDAY JKAGAZlNE-Aprll H,'1»H 

HE'S GOT THE BUG 
Gene HocAman sfors os a profession surveiJfance experf tracking a young coup/e r'n "The 
Conversoli'on," snowing at the 
AkCre'ess Cinema and Ihe 
V/ooc/fnwn. 

RIOTQUELLER 
C/jffon Davis frfes (o sfem off a riot in "Black Crt'am" coming fo 
(he Majcsff'c with "Savage." 

ROUGH AND READY 
A gong gives o young girl o rough, lime in 
"Terminal 

 fslanJ," playing -wilfi "Gafli'ng 
Gun" ol l/io Mojoili'c, 

Vincent Price, the king ol horro villains, stars in "Madhouse showing ivitli "Death Master fit the Texas, 

SANTBKCS CLTDCCI? THEATRES 

AWARD WINNiRS! l»«. MAT. OtILT UCifl SDMM 

»' o.1H3S S>. 914 6531 

1:oo.3:15-5:3o7:45-1o:oo 

UK. M*r. DAIIV EXEf [ SUN. 

Wunhnch Enl 696.3971 

12:oo.5:oo-4:oo.4.oo-9.oo.1o:oo 

»8. MAI. OAIIY fxCEPI Silk 

H,1 o. o1 IH3S So 971 6531 

OK IHtriODUCUOF 

•ce-NTucy.' 
!-*fBLT!H'?.:-i: 

J o. al IH35 So 

11:oo-5:oo-4:oo 
JT1 • «4'f~*r ,>S -.. 
.. 
Spl^jGang 

WHAT 

FAMOUSTRIO? 

 brawled in the streets, crashed the king's Ball, 

 and left without paying the check. 

Hint: It's not the Three Stooges. 

S W M,l o: ol IH3! is 924 6»l Tltt PllfltBi M 

 i:ii!:)Ssjir,SMi:ii[ici 
'"I OUtlHniH 

RO66RTR6DFORD 

 miRFRRROUU 
"•«•«"""• 

THE THREE 

MUSKETEERS 

6:35.Ilr55 («) 

FRIENDS OF EDDIE COVli 

ZERO IN AND SCREAM 
-' «Ni Ml MICHAIl 111*1 
Ml.llilOOl 

EXECUTIVE WIVEi 

' f* VI THI TWCR'' r 
' VAPIR NOOK 

JACX IEMMOM—UST ACIOR glAIUHOHEAL iilS. 17:o5 (•) 
1 
1o:15 <fO) 

BEST 
ACTOR 

JACKLEMMON 
« A MARTIN FlANSOHOfT FVxlotoon 
"SAVE THE TlGEir 

 alto starring 
JACK GUILFORO 

1ST 
SUPPORTING 
ACTRESS 
TATUM O'NEAL 

T! 

 also starring 
RYAN O'NEAL 

"SUMCO" 

Al PACINO MAXRN MtOMAN 

1:25.13:55 |t) 

"FtlENOS Of. EDDIE COYlt" 
•oiiir MITCNWI nut urn J 

EXPRESS-HEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-Ap;il U, l>74 
PJ)GF 1 

BUS UNE 

HI * LINK is a puhlii- M-niii- column bruuiiht 
„ 

 h> Ihi- IranMl S\.»m Hi ,in-»ir qui'-lion* >tiu haii' ciin- rrrninit il~ nprralii.ii,. Call ami a~k fcir III S'l.INK al 227- 
.V17I . . . .,r urilr BIS LINK. San \nl<ini<i Tran~il Sxs. 
\tm. P.O. llox 12489 or 8oo W. Myrile. San Antonio, 

OUR SERVICE ISN'T MEDICAL, 

BUT IT IS PROFESSIONAL 

You have your Super Cars, and you also have 

 your super drivers. I'm disabled, and Friday morn- ing I had to go to a doctor in the Medical Profes- sional Building. Your driver, Mr. Howard, helped me off the bus and asked me if I thought I could get across the street all right. I assured him 1 could make it safely. I especially appreciate this courtesy as I had cataract surgery in January which adds to my mobility problem. I say, "God bless the bus drivers." They are "superstars" as far as I'm concerned. 

—B.M.S." 

We're sorry to hear of your surgery, 

B.H.S., but we're happy to hear of your recovery. It's always been our policy lo provide more service than simply driving our passengers from one place to another. 
I'm sure it was Mr. Howard's pleasure to offer you assistance. We're passing your let- ter on to him, and it will be placed in his personnel file. 

JUST WHEN IS THAT BUS 

SUPPOSED TO GET THERE? 

Just a few words to improve your fine service 

 in accordance with BUS SCHEDULE March 3, 
1974. Some operators, when they are a little ahead of schedule, arc bypassing station 91 at Andrews, 
Mitchell Village, and waiting out the time at the next stop on Hudncll. This invariably results in waiting for the next bus. We wish you would bring this to their attention. Thank you. 

-J. II. 

We don't want any of our customers 

 missing the bus, J.H.! And we're grateful for your letter. It gives us an opportunity to explain. The situation you are referring lo is a result of our having moved the end of the line from Andrews St. to Hudnell. Be- cause of this, the bus now "lays over" at 
Hudnell. We want you to make your bus on time, though, so please check the "Out- bound Section" of your pocket schedule again. It should show a schedule for the stop just before Andrews and the stop just after Andrews. You'll notice that although 
Andrews is a regular slop, it doesn't have a regular schedule listed. We suggest that you time your arrival al the Andrews St. slop a few minutes before the time you usually ar- rive there. This should solve the problem, but if it doesn't, please call our Service 
Department at 227-5371! 

The San Antonio Transit SyMfni is solely rcsponstbfe for ihr nnsvrers in ihis tnhimn. 

PAGE I EXPRESS-MEW* SUNDAY MAGAZINE-April 14,1974 

BOOK REVIEWS 

BOOKS FOR CHILDREN 

By JIM PRICE 

FOUR BOOKS for children, ranging from 

Bible stories to Aesop's Fables, provide a wide variety of materials for the toddler to the grade school youth. 

The four are THE STORV OF PENEO TO YOU (Abingdon! 
EORGE 
WASHINGTON $4.95) by Bemice Wells Corl- 

(Abingdon Press; $4.95) by son, and 
MY 
FRIENDLY 

Moy McNeer; BIBLE STORIES: GIRAFFE (Me-Books Publishing 
God ol Work with Man (Abing- Co.; $3.95). don! $3.95) by Mary Alice 
The Me-Books firm bills their 

Jones; lET'S PRETEND IT HAP- book—one of four such books 

Ttiectre for rix Performing Aits 
Remaining Ii(k«ls $11, $9.SO, $7.SO, $5.5o 

 far tkk«tl and r«wrvarlavii, ploaM «m* la at call 

S Y M P H O N Y BOX OFFICE 
6oo HtmltFair Plato Way 

(512( 226-2269 

San Antonto, T«»ai 7S2oS 

 nW H*«n KM 

Bible Stories to Fables 

35th 

SEASON 

SAN ANTONIO 

SYMPHONY 

Victor Alessandro, .Musical Director 

PinckasZukerman, 

Guest Violinist 
. 

WAGNER: Prelude to "Parsifal" 
MOZART: Concerto No. 4 D M:ijor for 

Violin and Orchestra 

WAGNER: "Good Friday Spell" from "Parsifal" 
HANSON: Symphony No. 2 (Romantic^ 

..April 15,7:3o ftiin., tauri« Auditorium, trinity Unwenily 

Himself 
Mr. 

Saturday, apr. 2o,1974 municipal auditorium 

TkkiH: $5.5o, $4.5o, 

$1oo, $3.5o, $3.oo, $2.oo 
Ailml Coltmon, Conduilor 

 fitted! Available at Municipal Auditorium 
Shirley Verrett, 

Mezzo Soprano 

Mtniloy, April 29, 7:3o fjn., tourie Auditorii 
Tuesday, April 3o, 8:3o p.m., Theatre for Ihe 

BEVERLY SILLS in 

—at "the firs! totally per- sonalized children*' stories." 
The publishers utilize computer technology wilh the old- 

 fashioned world of • moke believe lo make Ihe leading character in each book as 

 me." 

In addition to the name of the 

 wner of the book, the stories ill include names of their rolhers, sislers, friends and ets. In fact, publishers nolc lere are more than 7o places or personalization in each lory. 

Delay Drawback 

Publishers claim educators 

 elieve their books increase eadtng skills ond make reading un. If there is one drawback to uctS books, it is Ihe need to wder the book after supplying ames and details ond the sub- equent delay in awaiting 

Tfa Katrmne &r«t« p/*r 
If IM 1*1 In*. CuMiril iVrfh prrirMl. 

Bus avallabt* frorn Alamo Heights National Banb. 

B...rv.,CoH 824-9411 

 delivery. The idea, however, is a novel one. 

The Let's Pretend book, w;ii- 

 ten for preschool age Ihrough 
Ihe early grade children, couples make-believe with creative dramatics. Each story is proceeded wilh an introduction to set Ihe mood for Ihe follow- ing story. Listeners are asked lo moke believe, lo be followed by acting out Ihe story. 

The Washington story and 

Bible Slories will serve as en- joyable nighttime stories, as well as excellent books for his library shelf as Ihe child learns to read upon entering the educational process. 

The Woshinglon book is most 

 impressively illustrated, but Ihe others also contain pictures to attract (he yaulhful eye. 

'A WOMAN'S 

 y MARY ANN SCHUCHART 

READING 
PAT 

Lood's A WOMAN'S 
TORY is comparable o early reactions of movie-goers seeing he 
"Exorcist": if 

 you're vulnerable, it can get you. 

Perhaps lo Ihe two in three 

 ouples (or is it now one in hree?) who DON'T divorce, the iook might be a gossipy ac- cunt of "why." Why Ihe Bill oud family agreed to be filmed 

STORY' 

 for educational television's documentary on "An American 
Family"; why Pat waited until after five kids to divorce her wandering Bill; and why she did il in front of Ihe cameras. 

But lo a reader going through 

 the painful stages of $elf-deis- covery—as Mrs. Loud is— the book can be a lot of agony without much ecstasy past the first couple of chapters, 

Stfcuihnrf I* a wriTtr for Ihi Fnpriu and 

KEEPER 

Featuring this week... 

IRViNG WALLACE'S NEW Hit 

"THE FAN CLUB" 

BROWSING ENCOURAGED 
PAPERBACKS-HARDBACKS 

342-4oo5 

IJMJJ.II CJ!C/J«l|l[imi 

.VINCENT PRICE 

,,;l 
PEIER GUSHING 

PLU5 2ND tHRIUtR "DEATH MASTER" 

IF IT'S IN BAD TASTE 

IT^S 'KITSCH 

By ROBERT PINCUS 
V The stuff pops up everywhere you look today. It's enough to boggle the mind or turn the stomach. 

The stuff is "kilsch," o Gorman v,ord thai 

 iterally means trash or junk, bul a term that hos taken on a much broader meaning in modern esthetics and culture. 

In this sense, kilsch more often refers lo 

 things in bod taste or unintentionally funny than things thai arc obviously [unk. 

The theory, history ond current stale of just 

 how bad our collective taste is fills a 313 pane paperback, KITSCH — The World of Bad 

$o51 
X Gi"° oor"OS (Univeric 8°<*s; 

The hundreds of photographs affirm over 

 ond over (he dictum thai what is kitsch lo one man hangs on the mantle in another's living room. The survey of bad taste covers not only 

 art,; .but Hollywood (of course], advertising 

 politics, tourism, psychology, arch'ileclure the avont garde, deolh and , pornography as kilsch, religion (of course). 

Contributions 

The United Slates, Germany and Italy have 

 the dubious honor of having conlribuled Ihe most to the worldwide glut of kilsch. 

Italy ond Germany got the jump on us 

 primarily in Ihe Hitler and Mussolini years, since bolh dictators were strongly drawn to kilsch. 

Bul this country, with its Disneyland, shop, 

 ping centers and suburbs, is making up for lost lime. 

Of _ Ihe photographs, the one closes! lo 

 home is the spread on "Six Flags over Texas." 

Kitsch seems to be o relatively recent 

 phenomenon, according to the art historians who have contributed essays lo the book. At the earliest, it can be lioccd lo Ihe mid-1 Sill century. 

Bul most seem to Irace its beginnings to the 

 corruption of the innocenl impulses of roman- ticism in the laler 19ll< Century, «nd more importantly lo the advert! of mass production made possible by Ihe industrial age^ 

Indeed kitsch is practically impossible 

 without mass production. Da Vinci's "Mono 
Lisa" or Michelangelo's "David" ore master- pieces; but they become kitsch when Ihey are reproduced or transposed. A ploslic"David" on a formica living loom table is decidedly kitsch. 

The common or ordinary is not always or 

 even frequently kilsch, although it can be. The pretentious or ostentatious almost always is. 

'THE LIVES AND 
TIMES OF 
BERNARDO ...' 

A Happy Ending 

By STERLIN HOLMSLEY 
\s 
Geoffry Household, that 

 prolific writer of suspense tales, mixes in a hefty dash of humor in his latest novel, THE LIVES AND 
TIMES OF BERNARDO BROWN 
(tittle. Brown; $7.95). 

The result is pleasant diversionary reading. 

Household is a skilled pro when it comes to plol, characterization and writing. 

Bernardo Brown, innocent shipping clerk, 

 stumbles into a sequence of adventures which lakes him through a half-dozen countries of 
Europe, 1925 model. 

He becomes mixed up wilh royally, murder, 

 forgery, proslitulion and o variety of women and police forces, Nol Jo mention Nadya, the young Russian refugee with a unique and troublesome physical problem. 

Household's light louch sends Bernardo 

 through a mixlure of escapades and escapes, keeping Ihe reader's allention righl up to the comfortable happy ending, 

Persons who obviously seek out "class," inevi- tably end up iri o mire of kilsch. 
' - 

HolJywood is perhaps our greatest source of 

Kitsch although it is nol without rivals The paraphernalia and archilecfure of churches and government continually greet us with outpour- ings of kilsch. 

As on ironic commentary to the om- 

 nipresence of kilsch, there is a currenl Ircnd to coiled the stuff. Also many contemporary ar- tisls consciously use it in their work. 

CINDY HERBERT 
New boofc about children. 
'CASTLE 
OF EAGLES' 

Action/ Suspense 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM is After writing two novels of love and suspense with a background in Russia, Constance 
Heaven moved the scene for her third such novel to the Vienna of 
1 847. 

Her new novel, CASTLE OF EAGLES 

(Coward, McCann & Geoghegan; $6.95) is similar to Ihe other two in that il has a pretty girl coming from England. 

Miss Heaven does a good fob in showing the 

 contrast between happy life of Ihe upper class in Vienna and Ihe misery of others. 

This contrast comes to light in Ihe struggle 

 between two of the girl's suitors, a brilliant count and his impetuous nephew. 

There is action, suspense and romance 

 enough lo suit almost any reader. 

FfCr/ON 

I BURR, by Gore vVcfal. 
1 THE SHADE OF THE HUN'ER, 

 by IWefl Moclnncl. 

3 JAWS, by felt, Bcnchley. 
4 WATfRSHIP DOWN, by BrhW Arfnmi. 
5 THE PARTNERS, by louli AivUiclaii 
6 COME NINEVEH, COME TYRE, l.y AHai D,an 
7 THE HONORARY CONSUL, b>. Grobnm Gr«n» 
B I HEARD THE OWl CALL MY NAME,, by Morparet 

 o THE IIRST DEAOIY SIN, by low/entc SoncfeM. 

1o NICKEL MOUNTAIN, by .Win Gaidntn • • . > , 

The greot pianist Alfred Brendel is an 

 enthusiastic collector of kilsch post cards, for example. 

This volume is a funny and valuable 

 document, and the essays arc interesting, although several are poorly transbted. The sardonic element will likely annoy persons who „ take for genuine what is really kitsch. Bul to i&jrr - s-js-t • j* iSS.J^'^MH' 
""" ' "T 

 those who don'l take things too seriously, Ihe *~ **•"#*>_ 4>^<T«**..WS6. »*,.,, book is a delight. 
WE WONDERfUTV/ORLD OF KITSCH"" 
"Classic" sculpture for everyone's backyard in 

»ob«rl p.rtuuWl/Iulrilit/o, H>* tiprtK and Hfwl. 
' pfaSlic Or ploSler. 

Boohs 

'I SEE A CHILD7 

Helps Adults See Relationship 

By AZIZ SHIHAB is -When a child is o bully, he may be asking his teachers or parents for attention and help. 

His behaviour can be used in a positive 
" 

 book 

A graduate of Trinity University, Mrs. Her- 

 bert said she has been a teacher "since I was 

"And this book is the" result of my own 

 experiences. It is my hope il will shed a new light on children's behaviour." 

The book, designed by Susan Russell and 

 beaulifully illustrated by John Herbert, has been recommended as o Christmas gift by 
Doubleday. 

From its first page, "I See o Child," to Ihe 

 last. Looking Beyond the Obvious, il is clear Ihe' author has put her heart in her writings. It is obvious she has a special feeling for the child growing up in an adull world. 

"I See a Child" is sure to open new doors for 

 addts^hoping to reach the younger generation. 
THOUSAND 
SUMMERS' 

A True Love Story 

By L. WAYNf SCOTT 
J^ Garson Kcmm has written both a great novella and a true love story. 

In A THOUSAND SUMMERS (Doubleday) 

 he fias coplured a mature love (hot survives the age of Ihe parties. The hook could well fac a classic. Ad/eclives would be easy to apply and they would all fit — up to a point. 

The problem is thai Ihe book is published as 

 a novel, nol a novella. II is a rememberonce, not a fove srory. Why publulierj will not recognize thai readers won), crave, desire, short fiction is a secret buried in Ihe glass of 
Madison Avenue. 

Kanin, lo gel his novel length, had to mar Ihe 

 perfection wilh sixly superfluous pages. Just skip from page 145 to page 2o6. Vou won't miss anylhing and you'/f know the book was o lem'fic buy even wilh Ihe wasted paper. . 

Besides, by skipping (hose pages you will 

 miss Ihe reference to a World War II tail gunner in a B-52 (a currenlly operational aircraft), o mistake trial snows how much (hough! Kanin govc lo the inserted extra pages. 

Otherwise, A Thousand Summers is a new 

 and different way to fell an old story. The hokum trial creeps in is even good. But dbn'l start it until you have lime lo finish It. /(is one of those. 

9 WORKING, by'siudi TerM. 
»""1" P-°I«"«'MS>. K»,-,UrJ,.,,lir l.,S,K.,t. 

1 o CREATtVE DIVORCE, b, Mel Kront.le,. 
HPRBS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINl-Aplil 14, ItH PAGE f 

 way." 

Basically, this is the theory of a ne 

 written by a San Anlonio teacher. 

Cindy Herbert, assistant director of Learning 

About Learning Educational Foundation, said she began writing the book (I SEE A CHILD, 
Ooubledoy; $2,95) aboul six years ago. 

"fl's a collection of diaries I wrote for myself 

 when I was teaching," she said, "and my goal is to help Ihe leachcr, and the parent, help Ihe child." 

The book, written in poetic dialogues, is 

 designed to help Ihe adult take a closer look at his relationship with the child — 'to look beyond some of Ihe more obvious interpreta- tions which adults moke of children's behaviour, the aulhor said. 

"Let's take an example," she explained, 

"sometimes children gel labeled 'bully' or 
'teacher's pet' when in facl the child is only asking for something — some help — from the adull." • 

Kid Gets Blamed 

"I am sorry," Ihe child says in Ihe book, 

"When something is missing, when something is broken, I gel the blame. II seems as if I'm always blamed. So, I apologize — feeling angry and humiliated but not a bit sorry." 

And Ihe aulhor comments, "The pressures on 

Ihe child push him into a corner. He is afraid lo be himself... If a child was told in the past that he is dumb, he will expect me lo also think him dumb and to treat him accordingly." 

But is she saying the child is never dumb, 

 never a bulty? Ihe aulhor was asked. 

•"Of course not," she replied. "I am saying 

 adults should take lime to interpret Ihe child's behaviour before labeling him. They should try lo understand Ihe child." 

She said many teachers are already doing 

 this. "The book will give Ihem new ways and new ideas." 

BEST SELLERS 

GENERAL 

1 PLAIN SPEAKING, by Wor/e MiOer. 
5 YOU CAN PROFIT fROM A MONETARY 

CRISIS, 6y llarrr Browne. 

3 HOW TO BE YOUR OWN BEST FRIEND, by 

WiWred Newman, Berrtard fierlowifz wjlti Jean Owen 

4 MANAGEMENT, by Peter f. D/wler. i TIMES TO REMEMBER, by Ro,e Fili(,eraM Kcwccfy. 
6 THE JOY OF SEX, by Ale, CWo,/. 
7 AUSTMR COOKE'S AMERICA, ky Alirrur CooLe 
B THE SECRET LIFE OF PLANTS, by Peler rovnplirTi 

Otx/ Orrr'jfOfliW Siir'rf. 

 ffrts Calendar 

 i 
THEATER 

OffKKGSOOK 

FUESDAY 
'1VERYIDDY IOVFS OPAI," foijcdo Daw ffcyac™ ' 

694-3521, Djfftl il 1 p.n. t'cv cl 8-M p.™. t.upt 2-3o fn San! 
Cwlki.icg Usstf, Mcy If. (cmdy ttotriij ir.j Aml.d oy Araco.lt 

IHUSIDAr 
"«rSM(FCHABI1i,- Ce.T.-amil,Jilj.iUwn,,|,r.|. 

Fwk. Hiw BfCjr.Fih. Yfrvpg b!*V fie/tilt cad o jrtgT6.ll ubilt g*l rurwMltb^StiiBxTagfrBn.'-' ' "" 
Sal. ond April 25-27. 

AP8II 15-19 "A (IOUO CJ WIIKUin." Sa.ilt,fi1 Ft.it Slclt 

1/mtiUy lp..al<,, Son Hmoi, I4S-2ISO. 7:3o pn. tel \« liiYtl 

- 

APU ao 
-SIMMIHC 1oNFGKF W1FH IEIFFER AND MM." F«l 

 l(f titon/ ftnjor.y Uioltr a HiT.'tFoir Flcio, !M-5(SS, 8.15 in 
S1.9o c»d S! W, lloir.e Kay's ••MooWioV i ,o»< |IH|,,^ ,| 
Anwiiem If, a Irirt oj o TV 3o™ ibew. c»d «t, MftrViinf tlttthtl cad ktinj tcrtooii; fc:l<d by Dcida1 jc.,, mj n^., nv ttnta. 

*?H 19-21 
"SlOwrjUNCSONlHEXIHIHSGIOlJUO" Ssn»alc»> 

Link TtocVi Otf.SHjt ot Sou PtoVo Ho)KMit. 735.4W, 1 1 S p n t«tpt «.IS pn. o, J,,fty. SI.JJ. MJ,, «,,(,,., B.j,Vpiii j eVc-M cbotl a Gt rne.1 iktf Vttpi t, a you jo b'cck rnt.it -J a eti arc al 
Urttl watf. 
»«„ '1"»-iP*lfcl!t' «'«." """Pic Mv.,, Pk,h«». if t-3i!l. 2:3op m.. c oil |K l«K,tprit,i, »,J Sirwmc.-HcVcaxI in 
M-twr'nai ycvnj Knxi oM fur ip.ojal.i ,i,h iht ho ,„„. 
M.IMI tl m c^trsrawd jtvinoL 

APRIL 14, IM) 
-fWVAIl IMS," «„„ [>»«, «iMh, W<.|K< 

 kj««l cl 1 p.-n. c*d ifcw c( I.-5J p.n, id lot Mil pm.,, fetl 
Cowcidl 193o1 ism«y loxiininjoi'toittd hmborjord «i<t («h 

, 

 ftl «™ hVf I, il odjor.r g loomt - »il h o lasi trtng bok.r.r l H, IO-J1 
"lOVIIIDn nHMIIi," UtFeAcn Fhoitr.l 

_ 
H.°ii!FwPJci3. 224 4464. USp.m.mFrd3yc*;So«i,:d3j.t3opni 
» Suiday, « <n Trj;^ w-l Ula^. t«! 52 >i !acj,r. It., tt:, wn *. kdt'ni <j»pi» rt^.Hw.i1 iitmju-ni.'popic,, n,,,,, 

•• 
=" 
MUSIC 

. 
' 
IMS WifK 

WON DAT !»H*HIOSK)lTMPtlOHYSU8!Cfl?llOH(OHCI«I. 1:K 

 p-naKEtlnTlmn. S3 lo WI3. ??6-!!S9 hint «lriil Fi'.ubci 

 tit™ 

IUl»M,WtDHE»iT t FSIDiY 
'AMEFtKAN AS Ami Mh (OH 

([BIS. lit Md 1o.45 go. -J it)!, ».i,f1 Fndor. Ibtclir { rirfenliif lUtt. 72S-SUI, Mri. C« toyir. IkF Sin kilca^ Srnfdo cad tlii Son AMCMO TKlb Syrpkay vil Klill CfrtiiwA, Kel c- 

W. Sto^l ttrux), w'.'J play ick) itltfliet!. 

 inotr 
SOUINWOI r»A: STAK 

UHiVOillt o?[FU INSiHIU. I f n. c'l r'jhlv [.o1 >,*|:IH.TI en Sen MBKOI ici^jt. FiM.ktattlnkwiBFodlljiJtnlplrftrnMfl in pr«!j(^M cf Mtnolli'1 "Iht T»rtph.»e'< ca^ Gdbtfl K SuftTCYi 

TUtSDAt 
UK MMiRS, ttNOt. I J m. tilli Tcyfa M d Iniily 

1 UairtnJty. 734-1111. Trie. Uaytn wil Fx frrt^^hn^erJMticrijI. r«U«SMY 
WH(FST Of MUSFC »y WOMIN. 8.15 p.n. lrtc,i«lt 

¥;-:J C=4!i9- A-.-i'c::orj. I2(-I!61. fro. 

IHUIiOAY 
WXIIAM GflWiht, mCinSrOdlSI. ipn Mhla.'tr 

•Hen il Iririir CnVdii^. J3S-67I1. Frit. Co«o wS bt s;«-^ Ki 

MMIKO««I, 
!lTlcr Cor.Ktl H 

' 

 i»IU8D»Y 
CH[TATKIF4S,CUITA(. lp.n.U 

S5 SO. M;. CvHx •» cpficr iH:h l!n Sw »«lciiw V1!*"/ '" '" 
Foci r»v (arctit. Tkkoi c-e on ide at 1*1? cv&Mr.n bci efl^it 1o 
o n. !o 3 p m. tp. rwjjfi Sal jr 

 l. Fi». Ini Tt>'itr l>:,t 

 pn. MiJUrtttr Avitwiyn on cctrfut. Frtc. lai ic-Kirl. drfetttd by ptale»»r IhtrM ICulc, HH| ixlvit Flcydit'i lyrfbcay BO. 75, Wrtio 
'Sc'EHRit CK] UciJctl ' (Morolki ArJIna-.C 

StlUIDAY 
41k rif[o8o»H (WJPfllllOtJ. JW am. 'Urntriily' 

 fi«j!j1(ri«n ClMtii, SM S"i«l *i«. fut. J3 ifaiiat piifamin »j cttfc'in (M priie incily. 

 i*l«o*Y ^FUimt WAIF, OHO 1 DAVID HASHOH, '<HSP/Fr. J 

 p.m. M1! Tc^ii {caciit Hal. 736-1211. (tie. Irt Iriiiy Urhdtty 

Af81l2l 
*«!8KAKFA!irMWI«OHiOll. 3 3o fn. lrM:-xlt 

Wwd CcS(;e UtinrSoa 8?I-1!4I. FrH. The in>l Fea'uiH a-.cik dw lr« l!^ lo 18l\ «.i!i«i if Frexa Fkir.o!i cKTfaitn Ir.i- lr«rji!i cl Ik fli«dl nl t( Ml. 

APFUU1 
FIWI1T UKlVIRilir CHOS. II om Uajoii'i F.;l«. 

 ttc:d. 736-73II. Fill. Ihi iF-ji ,:-| cti'c n He -Mi ••UlniM it 
Oewn c-J "It.y.a'1. D«." 

FIIMS 

SUNDAY "IHI M»GtCIAH," ««f.-nn IV.k.ale (irlir *«!h,iiT 

 lrj«:y Urtrmiy, 73i J(SS,2« 7 pn , (I. 

MONDAY 
"IFfl CSIKUIIIOH OF JISM," ' HOMARCH lUFlFFtllY " 

-llliilNO OH FK! WOODS," "HAJOB 8IIIGIOH! OF Fill 
WOIID," Sci Artiri Ujin l*,ciy. m S. Si. Mm/j >i lisa 
, 
, . 

WIOHFSDAY ( IFflJSSOAT 
-»UH«T lOUISVteD, .M W*on 

FWJf.i tci Va'4 S«3f.icn,Sei HrJw.a Celts" Iclta SWul Ct.-lir. 
Wticllin.lpn. Iljapm. Ikji.cl 91Son , 17-lSpn. t ;.3o pel. Frit. 

IHUtltUt t rtfOAr -2" wjfi r,(l Bcalc-J, (k^wi CisJaa!! 

CtM<ilu*l9ribBi,T>:i<VUV<cnily.71it4Ji. lkj.il 73oa.it Fii tl3«7,-]3pm.$l. 

Hill COUNTRY A11S FOUNDAFKW, \r.fan. Inn. 3S7-S7IO. t 

F(ii:ve), paial^jl, AcwHijicadg^p Vtuiclr.te' 3, iHfivgi A^iJ 21. 
FNCARHATF WORD COlLtCl, DcjjStny Hr( Jrii Cialu, 4391 

WIGGIFSItfll AR1S t CRAFFS, inKtrliBlrcik "c«,3l( ?])?, .p<i.|. 

 rnai, rtbl t Ue» H«.'f Jjrt, wafl hafijirji,- bctiVi, raworp. pclltfy, paui'^iii, (wlltflTij. Iclii dKMa&ai. p'fifti wwk, paper r.wl e a/ 

A REAL STINKER? 
Clior/es Knuepper expresses /i/j opmion in 
"Slreakmg Tonight with Feiffer ond May," at first Rep&rtory Company. 

. 
FRIDAY 
"MOTHF.R FARIH," Ecoh OcyOliirvcaK.leiaw.iiHj*. 

 l«ivn,fijili*'ciy,lp<«nari w«dbbg<.IU-IHI, 1 pin ft<i 

SATUIDAY 
-IHlhSGHTVIilTOI." Cdopran bciicti Cli!« A'.* 

 twitu, Friily Ur-nnlr, 734-84M MidrsH SI 

SA1UKDAY ' GMIH WAU." Ilimnily ol Fe>c! Kic'lK S.i.v, Crrlir kfltni IT, 456.43 !7, 7:3o p.n, 51 cijll. ?5 <fal! (Wiln 
KfXFSUNOAY 
1tHAIlrt'SH)Hh1«iinl3<'<t!inI.a«:pr.«'.ere(;«:lt 

C«aHtlif*:crm,liiailr Umiii-lj, 734-84C4, 2 p.m , SI. 

ART EXHIBITS 

TIHSDAY 
HiNAY AKI IMSFIIIITE, 43oo H. Hi, Eixrl,h. SiVS3U. 

Ke>yelo5«" byKcncy Fkmr.*iy Bailcn, (c'.^tcil FttiltdcJt wi harrfwavia ««1 molojirg ncl.ti Fiw p«.C.krrJ»ci Mir<» c«i lS« »oi« trfili dot ,1.1 oijiili ;n (cttio. U<»o art Iki 135. 
Cul-Vig 9 tj«.-S pia Tim -Scl, J-S p.m. Sjn. Ikatjli Ucy 74. 
Ffft. 

HiXFiUNDAY 
OKNESMIll ASr G»llt»Y, KtH Bn-jpliFi. diyUi.ih 

•clnrc'vipoiifssityOeiE/erinJIdolcm.'KSFll. llo»i..6pn. tarlipDv-.a. Ikiejghilay II. 

AllMAU Glll.llfNa.l,?l3]lV[<>Icc<!73<7o1?,DOit)!rinCArr 

Hcj.-Sct.S-i-M. 

*«r«A«rCAlliSY K.. 1, HI Kalh Si:r UoS. 3(?-(?3?. rw!-KSM*. 

. 73!-!!*l FOSIII 

 i 
. 
. 

ART SUPPIY OHHY No. I, 
3tOO Fi 

Fn. II I.Si!. 9-4. 

ART SUPPIY OAllUr Ko. I, Tludia Ci'iiy" !S! Ciplial Tcik lic'l 

347-38J7, HAICS HH[r, Iof» KL1, CUT 8o11o. MC< (UFPII EHl iiA«s, tDiiii t J»H xiiir, wc.'iisa vmn lun <xon MI 
MAnDVSII,HM..S>l. 1o-i. 

A81I!KI! OAL1IRY, Cert-^> Ncilh «J, 3717 t. Cglcay r>. 6>a-79!i, 

Sptiial vkc.jj il WJH D.EBII, c"'>, nlinckpi cad Kiy(» Mtn.' 
S«I.1o S.WiilO-7. 

J j st Itccm «l San iiloi cJ JOSK KAI, ip 
Fii.9J. 

ElOMFI SPUR GAlliRY, 1331 Sjud.cy, 341-4141, Sae.il U-»««g il 

WtUlin M rlk rijoi iraiki ty lilBiSKK iEUIKOTCH, (HUlIS 
IWltll. «K(1 e»ISl*U H. H. o. lOFSSEI. POlfliK) SAIDHS 
OOUMO TEKI, CIIHtOH III li!iu«H IKH1ID (OOt Vca.-Fii 9 I kf.J.3o-5. 

(ASA MANOS AlEGIES il In VJil«. 224-SICf, «:nc-»; iy Hir.ll SUCF: 

 niluil laikpiiliin, CtOiCt FUNK; .not'il lion latlri, C 
IOri.CIOlf.lopfiiKilpli.it, EOdUUctl clI-inrelhTn JoJ/ns 
Sa-AylZ-S. 

COPPIB ACADIMY Of IfflE ««F!, Hi Uileit licit. 8!4 85o!. Jn..{M 

" i Pott F)c 
(IFAIIVE IDFAS IOUI.I9UF, 
WHICH. 
P«l«.l; 

<l;t. FAlaEI KLP.8CIF »1U!>, 

GAItERIA OF IA RAZA, 3133 U.(u;kus\ 734-8547, •iCtltb>ai:» 

SltlPJy-rcjr" nlfi MSE fllWilt CKKO JOSE FKVHO fOSIIF 
(IOS.GOK'.StOmr.S»lV4DOIDMIc«!ellit.i,Wtd..!jn. 12 t. 

GALIMY 3o7 HOUSE OF AR1S, PtrajFcir rkiio 727.o577 <5D1W 

HMKK. IMltSnca, OOilS(OEE.!ltUII.S[IIYHBIIIlr, [OH^It r!»ESF.U«lllF.!lfFi(r,O.C.IO(!«IS.FiOSCOn.Hl«WllSOFI,GESi 

14. ' 
' k a'-"-cr"- "•' *•"• 

ClllHy CiSDIW, 2o4 C-Ui Spnwl fcuirw, f«« 4S5-MH !il 

GUYkES, Ji, I. lOYtl IILFCIl, P» "(1EE. JOKH tliOlll OI'.IJ 
CFtOltS. PAIll 5(o11, MAST HEFHIiffltlOU, HAl SMS oed ILYEilY 
DEEUkC. 1-kiVy.iliied IF^ridoy/Ce-iia Ojtei Gc'firy, Scl.-Sie. 

GIASSIISAfirGMlCtr, 1522S.Ucii 712-8633. nWl»i olfO UilES, 

GOiMN WtSF, ClAY UidlGKY, ED WillUH |K| I all tHHU 

WCrOOWUD. lull Dill. PJHY SfAJUl, CIo1CE Sttwr, lOHK 
UiflbHET. Fm-Scl.96 

HIlOIESklFGUKDEGkllliY, 154o3lc.v)trold.495 83l9.A,i:,ulikt 

Ho.S.IIOIA DOUGlkSS. FOI|IC:II c-^clpju-iirj:. TIII..SLP.. 2-S. 

MHEH JOHNSON HANOMADE JEWIIRY AND ARF PSO]!CIS,3oI In*. 

 fa* faio, (-'avdt rw^i yittl 274-7265. EOhKf KES JJCK ttftfE 
U:i[YUOHICOUII<,C.!OiCEHilGr!IF.A!l!!1oll!!A,UlGIJlhlh7 
T»l' c/ij-> (WtlES SIUMIF endU1!Ci(!C!!iO», 1o 4 Fv»l.-S..i, 

, 
. 
. 
Illll! SFUDFO GiUERY, 31o lir.g FMb V.'ts Y*l-, 227.88)3, 'J3H1 

(o:«SOBwllI«t!cilMl-4. 
• 
. 

 r, JUS. SI. «ory'i,7aiiB«i.!!3-«!l. C«(HlliE S1EIFOK, 

 nltit:r«a c-F «it«Ke'onr wttkckiys 9.?, Sa'e^oy 9-6 

J«IHIIiCR»m Of FRIDIIilC«SBUJi;, WSW.Xcii, frtiw'rtitoj. !««) 

 icjj1! pfc^li by CYH1MA Bo51H; rt-H«Eil cl FninVVihlg ih.i«- iig Fjciy T.»i oiJ ofjda.n. vtkKckn by I. Km 1E1FOIO, IF*PIH iic*ui.w,it ems. «™ soi. 1o.5-31. 

ODYSSEY CAUEJY, 222? luMtwixl, IH O157.r.,. i,',ttti 5!.,:.,. 

Klon oy (. tcraON HiSJ «t nt« paiidji 6y WAMI UitlkC, 
Ull.-Savll-S. 

PRI1CKA8D NOR1KSTAR GAI1ERY, 224 HailhSlci U^l, 31? (!ll, Cat 

 tel iScw by YI«HH FTJS1FS. Men -Ihim-Fri. 11-9. FiHI.-VlJ.-So!. 
1o-4. 

RIVER ARF CRODP GAIIERY, SlOV'J'-to. !J5 1H2. (sri'cnili chirjrg 

 tiKibil el Cfkj:xl MSJmokri, oi^t, h-As, cc:alir.gf mils, Mcn.-Sal. lD-5.h-ii.l-S. 

Ro8 FRI S' ABF G «ll«Y. "l SJS H lk:i, 7J*. 54SI. pi!l! ah ft* Sen Anleni* 

(»rJtr|i«ciy AiCH Sijgp. 35 titllcaingoillili. U».-lri. »JO.S:3o. 

SANAHIOHtOAtniAGUE, K5«l->.i (itt:cl(-vir, ]|OB MLiy <4l<i 

SJUI AHIOkKJ AIMS1 BHllllWI(,l.ttl.-Fn. 1o 4, S|1.-S»1. 1-4. 

SAN ANKWIO INTIRNAIKWAI «RPO«r CAUEtir, KOO iipod 6lyJ , 

 tiKai^n il SEE FEEUACK!. fEUH Illll SF.EIOEH I. IHOWSGH, 
I5KE W1I D, HM:t o1 CEKtOlI, >f ?n !t o hc.ii a sjy. 

SOI DU RIO, 1o2o Icnr-.Md. S28-SSS5, CUiIAVCl (HAS UUttntt cl 

Ueika (ily dif!cy*q poir.'irai, icw'igl orj !el^glOf^l, Uan.-Sct. 

SOUIHW1HD ARF GA1H8Y, 411? JkCih.gh, 818-4557, IU CHI. YrlS 

 ainia, ndinn.- »w COEUI. DOU (meow. K«jr niiutE, 
Inmflin 1 (roptn cilhli, Fi.tl.-f [L JJO-S^S. 

SOUFIiWEST CIAFF CEHFER GAlliRY, II I.H.X 32! o5!*. FIAHK 

|IJ1«([IJWK;, s'c»- PA1 IE GHVD, [»ilk>V.; (»II[R SUIIH, tyt 4yc. 
Uon-Sol. 1o-33 S,S»n.l-S; 

SOUTHWEST CRAFF «H«R SCHOfll, 3W *»s^i!o, 224-1 M, Cfcim In 

'yclt, iraQC^if, pb^rogfcp^y, srjlfljrt, ypjo, 

1IJAS GAIIERY, 1o2o5 Osi-iCi, 341 o:M.»«CAElFON.ka<!i[o1:tic-lil 

FkxcHcdatSsu+Mil.tlci.-Eii. 1oS. S«l.bycpa«if..liriit. 

TEXAN GAUIRY, SIcO K.y. 37 5 19, l-jin, I,.n, .iilun, «MMt, 

(c.vtoae'll 3rd etivcil panli^i,- vi'trtc^Fi,- print! Z uurj>J«ri by 
M («>ky liti,U ohUliij 8*V IJU. IOK!I U»FIH, *«l[H 
VAIllK.U.lDFSUTUFtu-.dlOlC. niSS:il,M«i.-ScMO-4. 

TlimiY UKWUSIFY, Icjrii <-j4lc.~:»n Cc'.'ity. ?1S Sta! jn. 734-8434, 

Ki OF IQUAilCS DUfcKS, nF- -l.lan >l pmlr.ifq by libN, Ait 
Slrinli.KQn.-Fii.l-S. 

 lUiillE CREEK GAIIERY, 915o Co'epo-'nl 6K-OSH 15lk ('.-'vry [-;>[. 

«-5i.Iuti..Sol.lo.5JO. 

UHFVERS11Y o! IIXBS HiAllH KUHtl ((Hill, *.x I3r»i. Fcyn, 7/o3 

 l!ayd Ceil, 49i-4i27, "III IK 1HE FWJ.ilY ' cil ttMttfci ifCKHid by 
IS{«rrtuliacltKe Ur.K(ts>/cFTt»« H«t*h ScJtPte CtiUr, M<.i . 
Scl.l S. !jn. 1 S. 

W*Io[ IfAOIR HEW! 4SFCIAII CAIIIHY, C™lit. Ttrai, 8o«n Tj.i 

X »-t, m !Jj; « m-3?;; Y»i»i, u.j»<! p: :ai:-^ b/ lost <s r» 
MYlFt GOVMFf, PAH »l»E, GOItOH WISI, tOSHD Y'.HI; cks 

 exF- Ut il rafrattnol Ihe ScutUsilTuci Ait Itc^jf, Uai.-Sol. 8-5 
Cf byopf«i.i'p«rj. 

WAGON WHEH M! GA1IISY ( SOW o1, '414*lcj5J Mill, II6-45J7, 

Wcrru-^ c:^ ivtn'^ c'atiii in pc*'-<lt k'-jft, C4<Voi'l x.d (Kaicdti sljill,- Mhl tf Ifct nu.ilh, 1oo15 GlO!£f, ficlm'sj laSki c«J pai«lr»c.i in cbi'io<l CA^ i(f<« Krjd'Qnd Ujlti. Mcn.-Sol. 19-5. 

WISH 611 BRAKCH IISRAHY, 4111 Imjc't «., 344 2373, JMH «HN 

' 

PAGE'IO 
[XPRESS-II1H5 SUNDAY MAGAZINE-ApFil H, 1974 

IN SPRING CONCERT 
Son Anfonio College Cnorole So/ors/ DnrlonG 
Weidnener, Daniel Lopez, Candrco Perkinj and 
George O'Wo/ley will iinrj in l/aydn's " Miisa 
Solemnis" So^ur(/oy. 

 i 11-9. 

WONDISHHD All GAIIERY, 747 War Jjife:*). 733 8(51, »i£ VMS. 

MSUA, FCiFIMO SMIKSS, W.i. UAUCH1EI, ID ISIIOHF ftWi 
BlDllt. f. P. I«CH, Co« »«SW, HAl'«t« IIIA2CK Sljm 
KiBOMD, El»'33!A SOSA. tUId ASJESSOH. EVtlFN ESIFUIS PATFl 
KU, IfllT SAEKGEi. HilY FtcllOP, C-EOICE SIIMIAV), ii-.i- 

ARTATMcNAY 
Nancy Hemenway tlorlori sliows one of ner • hcyelaacs going on disp ay. Tuesday af Ilie 
McNoy^r) institute. 

WUIIrt'S ISJKkNJ HOUSE Of AtlS t (RAFFS GAIIERY, 2!« E. t^:p. 

 torff, 34Mo97, «.lltrn |Mir.lj:g by P. B. KIBE; Ftllt ku'trofM tKHUt SMDtl; fcis'i ord lsi»!icacii, (EtGY WITH, »c*<u ta,'. 

1o3.clv.inlOl. 

SPECIAL ATTRACTION 

JlttHMUl IHI «1««o. Tinvtp »p;j,:i< lk< A'IXQ, J2MIM. ,'3-' 

 m'mrt njhi rj|4^oihcf iKttclli IKt v'lge »-d M ollkt Uor-.o. 9 

 ra.-S p.m. flWy.Shcx fitly 3o ir^ialtv SI cdii'Jl a*vem*'ory 75 

. 

EJIKHIOBH IUU OF HORN), W*!J Fm>«> cchilitn fclV, b:ik 1a 

IKi f«nai<.-jf]f clipfalfJ il I*-* Sto fctw:^ Co, £oo lew Sl:i 
Mn). Opia i»ly. In Indtrancn cc'J 224 83o1. 

HHION KOOGS JhHoy ABI INSIIIUII, 4)o S. fc» l/ti.fili, ! 5 
'"I. Sal. 2-5 S-... 814 S3U Stlt.lian lion SM CtttlliW; («• niJWJ [sJotc-i l-c-u Ikl Sylro cid liciy lirg CoJlial. 

WIFIf MIMMIIl HUIEUM, 3Jo1 Eixrfway, 1o 6Sil , !«i ord btttcy!, 

 f-S K3...Fii. l!6 C447. ri^Si JS onu, *'<!rin 1o unit. PAU 
JlblJiS. D.'ucwr «i WrtMlw. AT t>hib3:an o/ (S »c((«t(«s ih:wi»5 h^ rkh v»i(^ (J ihh (on.'t.Tjwc.-y otlKn »sik ia H.t 
"ik:i"«SocL 

1MII1UI! OF FIKAS HJUUIES, Cfn Futi.-Fii. 1(M Sol.-S.-i. IS. 

- 
' 
' 
- i , J fit lac.i. otti'iifi, e'er.! ifa»l. 

SAM AN1oSH) HUIEUH OF 1«ANS?o8FAIION, Hi-»Vc'r rloio, liiiy 
I J 6, cJ.fci 5o null. (Uito J5 ttai, 22J 12o1. C«nriu«l ftWf i 
[<Ua«i. pc-.i'icitly iiu:itd c-jloa-.ellit ««kl«iitl ll l-c'l o 
Itr.lj<yc9i), 1913-DiO. Ikt rtn PccVoidln-altctori? 1911 Mldil 
» sivin fKuit^ii |:!,i1s 

HISTORIC SAN ANTONIO 

SIIVFS HOMESIIkD 1 GARDEN, 5o9 (^ WJBcni, 233-IIM, oij"i 

» m*. >U<{itn 7S .till. DC !y 1o-17. }.| n»pi Fifty mm. ipjt.llilli.Ti il Viltlkm no. Sen Anlci'a (•nmyiliiiii Saiiely. 

SPANISH SOIKHdn PAIA{f, 1o1 M'Jeiy Itin Hci-Scl 9 S Sm 

 l-S.oJ.'ltlSuili.cUjitnlOnili 

SAN FIRHANDCKAFHiDIAl ,clwil»t Ic'd » 1713, .,jl (itclllin 

 ffcio, 777-2197. 

NAVARRO HOUSE, it-™ ,1 »,,,o cid Ionia Sbiin, MB 165o. Here 

. . . "n sa"><- "»»<••> o»" "iiyicy 1o o m. u 4 pm. Ha 

 a**n » (host. Cttlvi NS-.S.IO JjUitenl c;ta V:i-|ji. ll:3» I] 2 pm. SoflAaJt.-iorjjmn.ij.'Rifl Satitly 

FIIE Missions 1. ixi f-., latr wit-Mt, |e»o< ,v, r.Vw kc | r..kw 

 btgir«pg il r>a»vib. 

IA VmilA. tiitnc-i] cfcig un Slim !,«, Prtia I. kino 

277oS2I. 

Ojta 

215-1391 

E, i,pi»i ^c 
. 
. 

Fa 7 jo, C,-,, nil h c?(rcBc. ;j, y.FM.llM! cl 

. 
1 

V IMP, part Siamese, port alley cat, has a passion for pool. 

Her owners, Walt and Miki 

Krause of Woodacre, Calif., avid pool players themselves, found Imp when she was a liny killen, mewing pitifully in the back of Iheir garden. 

After feeding her they talked 

 to neighbors and when no one claimed her, decided to keep her. "We just loved this baby," 
Wall said. "She walked into our lives and took over." 

Chased Ball 

When big enough to jump 

 four feet she also look over the pool table. She'd chase a ball 
Into a pocket, run through the ball return channel under the table, and pop up in another pocket. 

"When we couldn't find her, 

 we'd rap on (he fable and up' she'd pop," Miki sard. 

When too big to go down the 

 tales, she'd sit on the table and watch Miki ond Wall play. If a ball went down a corner packel she'd race to the middle one, put her paw in and try lo catch the boll as it rolled past. Some- times she'd grob for a cue. 

Caught On 

Bui soon she caught on, 

 knew the balls were supposec to go inlo the holes, and en- tered right into the gome. The ono time I saw her play, she managed lo gel quile a numbei of balls in pockets. 

"When we shoot a ball, she 

 tries to stop i| from going in," 
Miki said. "But recently she won a game for me. I had a ball on the edge of a pocket ond she shoved if in.'1 

Alone, Imp spends hours 

 knocking the balls arojnc 
•—practicing. 

Endowment Gives Met Aid 

V THE Metropolitan Opera hgs received a $1 million grant from the National 
Endowment for the ArU on 
Ihe provision that this be matched by an equal amount In gifts. 

• 
The grant was announced 

 during the Salruday afternoon broadcast of Rossini's 
"The 

Bqrber of SeVille" and an op- peal made at rhat time for donations. 

The Metropolitan Opera has 

 a $7-millionoperatin deficit and various economy measures have been announced this season, such as ending the "Mini-Met" season of chamber operas and 

Ihe free concert performances of operas in city porks and us- ing the old scenery for "Don 
Giovanni." 

The National Endowmenlfor 

His Arls's grarcli i/aually have ranged between $25o and 
$2oo,ooo. 

[Peru 
(Non 

San Antonio 
Readers' Marl 

 n lo Pt run] 

Want Ads 

1o Words 1 oilmen 

$2.oo 

Call 225-1666 

 wasn 

 destroyed in a day. 

Sears 
ASk AlVMil 

SEARS, notnucn AMI co. 

TERMITE AND 
PEST CONTROL 

,„,., 
734-7768 

: 
• 
Sears 

" famous 

; guaranleetl* watc'li 

RECONDITIONING 

 for 6 day i only 

 r $9.95 
^cil part^ <ir rii.^lj' 

'•1 Year Ctur»ntcc...vc viilfal nn cosl 
• lo you, repair or rcplarc any drft-i-livr 
; |i3rl(jr\Mirkiniriil]i|..luiiiiJin! liy [is. fur 
. our lull yi-ar ftum ilalt ii( rc|iair. 

Our f^uariintceil service inrluiles: 

• empiric ilisl^nnlilmi: anil rlcariinj; 

 ut ivalt II mruniir nl 

• 'rleanin;; and polMiini; llic 

^•Jlcd case am) lan'l 

•. • 1-litlrumc Im^i'-tvsUn^ aiul aJjiiHliii[: 
1 for nnvinmm acuuraiy 

Price Ihru S.H., April 2o 

CFIAUCEITonScirs ItcvolviiiR Chargtr 

Salisfnrtion (lunranlml nr Your Money Hn<k 

SHOP AT SKAHS f^-, 
I 
Downtown Store 

AN!) SAVK 
Hililnry Dr. Slore 
Ccnlral Park Slorc 

SEARS. nOEDUCK AND CO. 

Professional 
STEAM 
Carpet 
Cleaning 

PHONE 

734-7774 

.for FFtKK estimate 

Mon. thru Fri. 
8 a.m. to S p.m. 

He-moves ilrc-ply 

 imhcililril ilirl anil snil uilkioul fliam- jmo or f.o.ip resi- iluc. 

IVnurCiiiiiciiirni (Imlil Plan 

Sallif«cllon 

 or Your Money Back 
)[Ml.ftOL»L:CK AMD CO. 

POOL, ANYONE? 

Hearing Loss? 
Phone for a 

FREE PRIVATE 
HEARING TEST 

 al our Hearing Center or your home 

 behind-the-ear 

 hearing aid 

 onl/199 

This popular lichind-tlic-car niil is lightweight, anil comfortable. Suitable for milil lo moderate hearing1 

 losses. Economical in operate. A quality aid. Our of-' 
•ficicm ami courteous ncaring aiil cmisiiltam will left your hearing ill private al no cosl to you. Yon are nuclei- no obligation lo buy. Come in or if you pn-f.-r plume fur nu appointment. 

1'honc: 

Don mown Store 
22J{-'Ho5: 

. Central Park Store 
228-5265 

Use Scars Easy Payment Plan 

Hearing Aids al a Price You Can 
Affonl... 

Hacked by a Company Yon Can Trust. 

 l or 1'our .\icinry 

SIIo1' AT SI-.AHS 

ANU NAVi-i 

~ 
1 
' n.,.,;,.».-.n,,,s,o« 
V fit-) Vi* 
Sjk.lj.l it Nimtrf 
CiCcllS_J 
C.«r»l P,,V Si»« 

SEAM. RUEIHfO. AND CO. s"1 1VJ">" '• 

IXPBfSS.NfWS SUNDAr MAGAZINE-April N, W4 
PAGE H 

 ft I 
>-.:. 

. .H 

*'. 

 iff-1 

I. 

Henry Aaron 

MEXICO'S MUSEUM 
This is Chapultepec Cost/e — 
Mexico's National Museum of 
History. It sits atop a hilt overlooking Mexico Cify and 

 contains many things of interest 
|o 

Americans as well as 
Mexicans. 

CHAPULTEPEC CASTIE 

FUU OF HISTORY 

MEXICO 

SEND ME INFORMATION ON YOUR LOW-COST TOURS TO MEXICO QUICK" 
I'M INTERESTED IN: 
.W.WUI^K. 

IU MEXICO CITY 
D GUADALAJARA 
D MAZATLAN 

D PUERTO 
DMERIDA 

VALLARTA 
D COZUMEL n ACAPULCO a 

NAME. 
ADDRESS 

CITY/STATE/ZIP. 

TRAVEL AGENT 

MIL TO. MEXICANA AIRLINES. 43! NOHTHSTMAIWS.SAH ANTONIO, TEXAS782o5 P!IONE^)225.63a3 

SAE-4UA 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

Nexl time things are getting you 

 clown, get out of the country. Quick. 

Mexico's a fascinating, fabulous, 

 fanlnsticforeign country. Rut it's as easy to get here as it is to get out of town. 

Just one call and you're on your 

 way. No passport. No money prob- lems No hassle. No shols. 

ComeandseeGuadalajara (where 

 the Mariachis began) Morida. Mexico 

PACE H fXPRESS-HIWS SUNDAY MAGHINE-April 14, 1974 

City. Acapulco. Cozumol. Mazatlan. Ail on Mexicana, Mexico's ftl airline (you'll feel like you're in Mexico the minute you're on board). And all for less than you think. 

So don't just sit there and dream 

 about Mexico. Call your travel agent or get out your scissors. 

It's easy to cut out for Mexico.The 

 tough part is coming back. 

GREAT 

MEXICAN 
MUSEUM 

By HAROLD McCONNEU 

MEXICO CITY 

(^ A WALK through Chapultepec Costle here is like taking a walk through Mexico's history. 

The caslle, of course, is the 

National Museum of History and contains many things of interest to Americans as well as 
Mexicans. 

For example, Ihcre's a spec- 

 tacular mural on the annex ceiling of one of Ihe six young cadets who died in 1847 in defense of the castle against allack by U.S. Iroops in Ihe 
Mexican-Ameiican War. 

The painting, completed in 

1973 by Gabriel Flares after 
He mode sure each member 

Iwo years' work, shows 2o- of the parly had a seat on a year-old Juan Esculia plunging bench in the Room of the to his death from a tower rather Revolution before starling his than surrender. comments on the striking mural 

Besides individual paintings by Ihe late 
David 
Alfaro 

 ol six cadets in Ihe museum, Siqueiros. there's a huge marble 

 monument to Ihein al Ihe en- 
Brito didn't agree with 

 trance to the park si/rrounding Siqueiros' conception of coifain the castle. aspects of the Mexican Revolu- 

Fine View tion ond didn't mind saying so. 

Silting alop a hill lhat com- 

 mands a fine view of the city, 
Siqueiros spent several 

 the castle was built in 1783-85 yMrs '" iQ'l for his Communist by Spanish viceroys os a. Beliefs, but his artistic work is summer residence. highly regarded, ranking wilh 

After Ihe Mexkan War of maf°f Mexico's two olhergreal 

Independence in Ihe early mural'5ts, Diego Rivera and Jose 

18oos it was .turned into a clemenle Orozco. military ocodem'y. 
, ,u . 
, . 
. , 

• 
- - 
. ... 
I" Ine hand of one of the 

. . . , , home until 194o, when it became the National Museum of History 

 n , „ •, 
. . 
Bul' Bnto tloled' "mmunism 

° w[th the 

 grasshopper" and during Aztec times the hill was used as a fortress wilh a lemple at its summit. 

Montezuma II concerted the 

 temple into a counlry house with balhs and gardens. 

Your English-speaking guide 

 on a tour of the caslle probably will be Ricardo Brilo, 7!, who has been showing visitors exhibits Ihere for 34 years. 

He was decorated by the 

Mexican government in 1965 
'or his honesty, truthfulness and courtesy and was awarded 
2,ooo pesos. 

You can expect to learn a lot 

'ram Brito—but he in turn.ex- 
>ects you lo pay strict attention md follow his directions. 

Helpful Guide 

I was taking noles a few 

 steps away from the small group 

 begin explaining a display of chinawore. "Will the gentleman please step forward?" he 

 ked, and motioned me to 

At another point in the 

 our—when we were on the 

Other Things 

Besides Siqueiros' mural 

 there are many other things of interest to see. Among them: 
• Maximilian's carriage, on or- nale, well-constructed vehicle, w/ircfi (hoy say was used only twice. 

• The rifles used lo execute 
Maximilian. 

 d by Maximilian's wife 

Carlotla—Iwo women in the 

 y were partially blocking my 

"Will you please move to 

• 
The conference room 

 decorated wilh gold leaf lhal was used by Porfirio Dior president in 1877-8o ond 
1884-19)1. 

• Four American flags captured during the Mexican American 

• Hie armor used by captains foil apparently of sftorl stature; in conqueror Hcrnan Cortes' ormy. 
H Pointings of lite 62 Spam's/) viceroys that ruled Mexico for 
3oo years. 
H A bust of Auroliam lincoln. 
o A painting of Miguel Hidalgo 

 independence, W!K> started Hie country's liberation movement 
Sept. )6, 181o. 

 s and a 

" 

, 

1857-72. and , is pr-intinrj ol Jmro[ 
Ancl lncrc or« many olher Ihinas whirh will <r 
.1 
' 
, 
" 

HIDEAWAY ISLAND 

MELE ISLAND, New Hebrides 

»X YOU HOIST a flat on the "mainland" — the main New Hebrides island of Efafe, about four miles north of the capital city of Port Vila, 

Desmond Elliott will see the 

 flag, and he will send a speed- boat Ihe two-minute trip to pick up and deliver you lo this unique retreal lie calls 

Hideaway Island. 

You may stay [ust for lunch, 

 for the day or for as long as you wish. Nobody in Ihe more civilised world will bother you because there isn't even a telephone on this five-acre isle of delight. 

Etliott is a native of Hamilton, 

New Zealand, and he once operated a modern tourist haven in Suva, Fiji^ 

He met his pretty wife Shirley 

 on Fiji and they sailed to New 
Hebrides about a year ago in search of new adventure—and a new business opportunity. 

3o-Year Lease 

Elliott spied this uninhabited 

 tiny isle and decided he must have it. . 

He took a 3o-year lease 

 from the villagers of Mele on 
Ihe main island,' piped water across the half-mile of sea, and went into business. 

"Yes," he saia" in an inter- 

 view, "this is a bit different, but we think it should have appeal for certain kinds of people, and our luncheon barbecues should attract many of the steamship lours, that touch on New 

Hebrides!11. 

He is so right. 
His 

"luncheon" seems to go on forever at $3 and can include seafood caught within the hour, 

 beef, pork, taro, breadfruit, pineapple, bananas either cooked or raw and lots of older. goodies." . . 
• 

If you decide to stay the 

 night, Elliott has 1o bungalows hidden in the scarcely dislurbed jungle of the island. Five are 
Iwin-bed unils and five are for 
Ihree persons. 
. * 
. 

Friendly Natives 

. The facilities are austere.for tlrase who arc happy.only in a luxury hotel, but Ihe experience is unique and the "natives" are friendly. 

"I'm the chief beachcomber 

 here/' Elliott said when he in- troduced himself, "and 
I'll help 

 you get started. What do you want to do? Fish? Swim? Take a glass-botlom boat ride and see the sea life? Eot? Drink? Play poker? Do wherever you like. 
The place is yours." 

Scaided and dressed only fn 

 colorful shorts, Efliolt works seven days a week, along wilh 
Shirley, but both seem lo love it. 

"Sure, .we're happy here," 

Shirley said. "We work hard 

 but we're getting more luncheon business from the steamship lours and more overnighters, loo. 
It's fun to see people at 

 first so bewildered by our set- up, then see them open up and really enjoy it here. 

So ma,ny of you Americans 

 say you're relieved to be away from a telephone.. Everything will be OK here unless we get a hurricane and 15o to 18o mile-an-hour winds. 

"That .would flatten tho 

 whole place." 

Do the Elliotts wish for closer 

 touch with the outside world? 
Not really. 

Asked if he knew the Arabs 

 and Israelis were fighting again, 
Elliott called to his wife, 
"Shirley, did you know they are fighting again in Ihe Mideast?1' 

Her response: "Oh, they 

 are" But, aren't [hey always?" 

Such is the nature of 

Hideaway Island—a place for 

GENIAL HOSTS 
Shirley and Desmond 
Elliott 
: ., 

 the mini-stroll througl. the breadfruit trees, the pondomus trees and oil the palms lhat provide genuine "air condition- 

 ing." 

It also is a place for 

 complete relaxation or 

 strenuous aquatic activity. And, the place of simple faie, on interesting mix of centuries-old native food along with a few modern delicacies. 

Most of all, Elliott's island is 

 a place to unwind. You can't help but hope he succeeds in such an unusual undertaking. 

And, while you so muse, the 

 flag goes up on the mainland. 
Time, unfortunately, to go back to civilization." 

SCOTT'S 
TRAVRL" SERVICE 

UIJ. RAXCHTOIR 

Hoy 4, 1974 

' «xii r=(rj'wki,'L"h3"d"°" 

. 
Decent April 11, 1974 

HOUSTON ASTROS VS. ' 
ST. LOUS CARIlims 

Airrodomo May 5, 1974 fxxlr ipxlal 131.oo p«f perion 

D«al/i* Ap«ll 11. 1974 

Sf.ttlol Clevp Bettt 

IT DOES NOT COST—IT PAYS 

TO PLAN AND BOOK YOUR VACATION TO 
EUROPE NOW 
WITH EXPERT CONSULTANTS AT .. 

, . 

8517 Blanco at West Ave. 349-2421 

VAUEY VIEW SHOPPING CENTER 

51 CJL5 
I JO 

WHERE IN THE WORLD IS 
SANBORN'S GOING NOW? 

Caribbean Crime * November 3o - fuHy escorted fiom San Antonio includes airfare, cruise, Irarufcrs. < / / ! < all food, all lips 
oo I 

Mexico Cily by train - from Nuevo Larca'a. fn- cludes liolel, lours, train, transfers • go any day 8 51 CJL55* days, 7 nighls 
Guadalajara Package - Go any lime * Includes roundtrip jot airfare from San Anlonio, ihrco nighls hotel 
; 

*P(!tc per pentm, bated on double otrupancy. 
Call far Fofrferi on EXPO 74 In Spokane, 
Waiftington. 

For rent in Atapuho - 2 bedroom, 2 both villa with swimming pool, 2 scrvanls - $35,oo per night. 
GruOp Departures for San Francisco on August 4-5. 
Coll about our group departures for Accpulco on May 1, 
May 9, May 16. 

349-2161 

"&tti Antonio's f'irit Comfititfrizeci Travtt Agtttty" 

Sanborris 
Travel Center 

It's never made more sense 

 to pack up your car 

 and head for the airport ...to Hawaii. 

You can do It lor only 539o.16 a week, air (are Included. 
There's never been a better time to fly to Hawaii. And 
Braniff is making it easy with "Hawaiian Hospitality 
Holidays" ... specially designed vacations that give you lots of free time to do your own exploring. 

For example, you can spend seven days and six nights 

 at Waikiki Beach on Oahu Island. Most of your days will be reserved for your leisure activities ... relaxing on the beach, sightseeing, shopping. One morning you'll be treated to a city tour of Honolulu. Braniff's "Hawaiian 
Hospitality Holidays" start at just $39o.16 per person 
(price subject to change) based on group tours (we'll . even arrange them) and doublehoteloccupancy. 
Included in most vacations are baggage handling, motorcoach transfers, tips, taxes 

 and security charges. You'll also want to visit Pearl Harbor, sample freshly cut sugarcane as you tour a plantation, see the porpoises at Sea Life Park, try Poi and taste a Mai Tai. 

Choose from forty different plans, some 

 with fixed departure dates. Stay between 7 and 16 days. Visit one to four islands. And some plans even give you your choice of hotel or beach condominium accommodations. 

There's no shortage of space for you and your family in Hawaii. For 

 reservations and complete details, call your travel agent. He can arrange your entire vacation at no extra cost to you. Or, call Braniff International at 224-4941, or write for a free brochure to: Dwight Chiles, Director of Tours, 
Braniff International, Exchange Park, Dallas, Texas 75235. 

There's never been a better time to fly to Hawaii. 

You're going places. So are we. 

U.S.MAINLAND HAWAII MEXICO SOUTH AMERICA 

EXPRlSS-NtWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-Apiil H, H74 
PAGERS 

• 
^_ 
^~ ^ ^-J»^J» ^,+l\J » I B V > I ^ X * W V * J 
^WcgfrefMler 

MAZATLAN 

,x Mtvir« ic 
MAZATLAN, Mexico 

^" 
MEXICO IS sworming with resident 

American real estate men now. 

(II lakes five years of im- 

 migrant status before you con 
.work down here.) " 

A whole biinch of gringos 

 have made it this year — and they've all gone inlo real estate. 

Alas,'the "bought trie house 

 for $1oo and remodeled for 
$1ooo" days have gone 

 forever. In good location areas 

[Cuernavaca, Guadalajara) lots elevated from 
$5ooo to 

$1o,ooo in the last couple of years. 

Building a two-bedroom 

 house was $2o,ooo. Now closer to'$3o,ooo. 

Grand new condominium 

 deal going in al Guadalajara. 
Apartments 
STARTING at 

ALASKA 

 e in the 

 louf fhis i°S A our 49,h 

July 12 to 22, 1974 

Fully gscorfed by Mjke & Margi Sauder 

• 
A. RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 
»IH STAR HAU. SAN ANTONIO, -TEXAS 78716 |5I2| 3«:jJ76 

"NEED AN AIRLINE TICKET? CALL US' 

NEVER A-SERVICE CHARGE!" 
' 

1m 

NEWEST OF THE OLDEST 
... now on streef level of mall 

Rennert expands 
North Star office 

Renncrl World Trnvcl, 

Inc., has expanded ils ser- vices with (he opcninj; o! a location on [lie sfrec! level of 
\'orl/i Sttr Mall. Rennerl's orifiinal office on the Mall's upper level will remain open. 

A history datinf; Ijac-k lo 

1898 supports Henncrl's 

 claim of lieiiiR idc oldest 
(ravel agency wesl of lite 
Mississippi. 

Owned by Michael Sander 

 fiennerl is a member of Hie 
American Society of Travel 
Aficnls and Hie Inslilnle of 
Certified Travel Agents. 

Mr. 

MGf .16- 
-NfWS SUNDAr*IAGAZIHE-A|ifil 14, 1»74 

Free 
1SS 
Page 
Book 

56 different tours to all of Europe, 
Eastern Europe, Balkans, Holylands, 
Morocco etc. 2 to 4 weeks, escorted all expense incl. air. $729 to $1795, d'ble occupancy. Frequent departures. 
For your free copy write or phone: 

FULLER TRAVEL AGENCY 

8151 Broadway 826-6311 
San Antonio, Tex. 782o9 

RfcNNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC 

Ml.SAN ANIONIO, TEXAS 78316 (5^1 34J-2376 

STILL A 
PLACE 
$6o,ooo! 

Still the easy-going land in 

Ire sun has plenty advantages. 

Way to find out is go in on a 

 six months tourist card. Ask the 
Americans living there. Ten thousand of them around 

Guadalajara alone. 

3o-Day Cards 

I was told recently that 

Mexican border officials only issue 3o-day tourist cards. The six months cord must come from a Mexican consul. 

Apparently the border man 

 can make either decision and I'd soy a lot of politeness and $1o would ease the situa- tion. But if I were going fdr the six months, I'd insure it. Get the card from a consulate here. 

The Mexican 
Riviera is 

 booming. [That's Mazatlan, 
Puerto Vollorlo, Manzanillo and 
Acapulco.) So maybe a home here — even at today's rising 

FUN 

 price — is a fjood investment. 

I think II gets too blooming 

 hot in the summer. I'd take 
Guadalojara, Cucrnovaca or anything else al 5ooo feet where il's always spring. 

Q: "What "about"heallh 

 problems?" 

A: If I had anything 'thai 

 worried me (and everything worries me) I'd go to the 
American Hospital at Palis. Or to England. 
• 
• 

CRUISES 

SPRING — SUMMER — FALL 
.'• 

CARIBBEAN—SOUTH PACIFIC—ALASKA 

JONTMISSTHE BOAT...BOOK NOW WITH 

VAN ANTONIO I kAVH, IN<. 

8517 Blanco at West Ave. 349-242) 
. 

VAUEY VIEW SHOPPING CENTER 

•<-^J-^~-WTc^pT^/llv' 
^> 
TV 

O^ntinentaFs 
Hawaii 

Hilton Hawaii Caper 

8 days/7 nights in Walklki 
Tour features: 

• 7 nighls al Hie beautiful world-famous Ilillcn 

Hawaiian Village, on Hie beach at Wjihihl 

• Lei greeting upon arrival 
• Airporl/holcl round-liip transfers 
• Pearl Harbor Cruise on the Union's own 

Catamaran 

• Hula and (tower arrangement classes 
• Choice of city of Honolulu tour or one day car 

 renal (unlimited mileage; gas, insurance extra) 
• All Hawaii stale taxes 
• Baggage handling snd lips at nlipoit and hotel 

8 days/7 nlghts-Waikikl and Kona 

K u',,'o'1 Hawailan v'Hane and 2 nighls at the 

^°.ha u-,. u" 1he isljnd of Hawaii. All other features . 

W^CM/K 
TWaii C^r"o »'so P^'lof Ihis 
. ' 
Walkikl/KonaTour. 
' - 

All prices p«r person doubte occupancy. WedncsdaV 

 and Sunday departures. Air fares and la, not IncS i 
For more information, see you, l,.,vel agent, call 
.:' 

Contmenlol at 22/1-635). or mall the coupon below. . 

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 
P.O. Box 4187. North Hollywood, California 916o7 
Please send me Continental's free Hilton Hawaii Caper brochure. 
Name- 
Address. 
Cily 
Phonc- 

-St.ite- 

 gent Is- 

-2lp_ 

IT'S WORTH 

THE TRIP 

BOUIDER CITY, 
Nev. 
• WHAT IS taller than two football fields stacked end on end, nearly a quarter of a mile long and has 17 engines that develop well over one million horsepower? 

A new generation "super- 

 carrier" for the U.S. Navy, you say? Wrong. 

Aha, a gi'anf tanker to trans- 

 port crude oil to fuel-starved 
America? Wrong again. 

The answer is Hoover Dam. 
Go to Ihe head of the class. 

Popular Spot 

Nestled in Ihe rock confines 

 of Boulder Canyon, Hoover 
Dam has turned this corner of arid southern Nevada into one of America's most popular recreation areas. More than five million visitors o year enjoy swimming, boating and fishing on Lake Mead, created when the dam was built more than 35 years ago" And millions more come from all corners of the 

HOOVER 

DAM 

726 feel high, 45 feet thick at 
Ihe rim ond 66o feel thick at the base. It has 17 large turbines rated at -from 55,ooo to 
115,ooo horsepower. 

Lake Mead is 11o miles long 

 when full and covers 157,9oo acres. Maximum depth is 5oo 

— . . . _ 

. «"'ded Tours 
™e BtJreaV of R«lomation 

 c,onducls 9uided lours of fhe 

United States to marvel at one <Jam X^r-round. of America's great engineering achievements. 

Great River 

Through Ihe centuries, Ihe 

Colorado River had carved great chasms in Ihe earlh as'it mode 

Visitors can take an elevator 

 clown to the bowels of Hoover 
Dam to view the massive whir- ring turbine generators. 

And they can walk along the 

 rim enjoying Ihe concrete sym- 

86 Events At Spoleto 

SPOLETO, Italy 
It will be his first directing of 

 v' THE 17lh annual Spolefo an opera. 
Festival next summer will 
Also, the latest opera by 

 include "Lulu," staged by Gion Carlo Menotti, founder of film director 
Raman Ine festival, "Tamu-Tomu," will film director 

Plolanski. be given its European debut. 

 its 1,4oo-mile journey from the melry°f fhe <*°™ °" °™ sWe lofty Rocky Mountains lo fhe °"d the Sllent beoljl>' of lotte 

Pacific, Fed by melting snows in spring ond summer, the 

Colorado regularly flooded Ihe lowlands along its route. By late summer the river'flow had been reduced ro a frickle. 

Early weslern settlers tried 

 unsuccessfully to divert the 

 furious Colorado, but Ihe disas- trous Hoods in i 9o5-o7 that swept through 
(he 
Imperial' 

Valley in Southe/n California provided the needed incenlivc for Ihe gowemmenl to adapt a plan 1o control rhe Colorado once and for all. 

Compatt Signed 

Meeting in Santa Fe, N.M., in 

1922, represenlal?ves of Ihe seven Colorado River Basin states drafted Ihe Colorado 
River Compact, an agreement dividing Ihe use of the river's water between the upper and lower basins and paving the way for eventual construction of o dam. 

 fn 1928 Hie U.S. Congress 

 passed the Boulder Canyon 
Project Act, authorizing cons- truction of Hoover Dam. 

Hoover Dam was designed 

 by Bureau of Recfamation en- gineers soon after ond cons- truction began in 1931. 

On Feb. 1, 1935, the dam 

 impounded its first water. 

That September, President 

Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated 
Hoover Dam—a fufl two years ahead of schedule. 

And In October, 1936, Ihe 

 power plant's first generator wenf into operation. 

Tall Structure 

Hoover Dam is today one of 

Ihe world's largest hydroelectric installations. 

It holds the distinction of 

 being 
Ihe 
Western 

Hemisphere's tallest concrete dam. 

And its reservoir — Lake 

Mead — is the largest man- mac/e reservoir in the United 
Stoics, 

Statistically, Hoover Dam is 

Meod on Ihe other. 

Hoover Dam is located 3oo 

 miles north we sf of Phoenix, 
Ariz., and 3o miles east of Las 
Vegas, Nev. 

Dancing In the Park 

V NEW YORK City's Parks, 
Recreation and Cultural 
Affairs Agency will spon- sor a series of perfor- mances by the Alvin Alley 
City Center Dance Theater this summer in city paries. 

This will be Ihe first time lhal 

 a dance program involving a company of the stature of the 
Ailey group will be performing in cily parks. The shows will be free. 

The Parks Administration 

 allocation is $35,ooo. 

4 days/3 nights 

 for $11.26* 

The vacation of great return. 
A solid investment in your permanent vacation appreciates right along with your property. 
How many other vacations can do thai? 
Call us about it. We've been building fun in San Antonio for 21 years. 

'IlilseJon j 165oo 
Oool on a lO.yenr i\olc willi APR. 1 ?. 

341-3331 

Gary Pools • 111 H, E. Loop 41o • San Antonio, Tenas 78216 

EExpress/News Want Ads 225-1666; 

HAPPY 

PACKAGE! 

PUERTO VA1LARTA GUADALAJARA 

Ualisco, Mcx.) 

$95ooDUS.86AYS7NlfiHTS 

 per per'.nn in double room 
* 

(Right on the beach) 
5 days Anil's: 
(Extra day $ 14.oo per person in double room) 

HOTEL «r*fENlX v' 
In Guadalajara 

(The happiest hotel in town) 
4 days 3 nights 
{Extra day S 1o.oo per person in double room] 

Includes in both hotels; 

Full breakfast Bay and Guadalajara tour 

No cover charge and first drink of your choice Irec i 

 in our night clubs Maxim's (Delfin) Pavos Rcalcs (Fcnix) 

CONSULT YOUR TRAVEL AGENT, 

Or litkot oilier 
4K 

 mexicana n\ 

ToHfr«et«erYotion»: 

TEXAS: 1—8oo—792-8922 

Volidunlil December I 5lh of 197< 

TASTE...SIP...SAMPLE 

 at the 

1974 TASTES OF THE TOWN 

Taste delicacies from the kitchens ol San 
Antonio's finest restaurants. Sip wines, beers, and beverages collected from around Ihe world. 
Sample vintage cheeses . . . pastries . . 
. desserts. Stroll the aisles past 56 booths . . . all beautifully decorated. San Antonio Restaurant 
Association members serve their specialties . . 
. hundreds of "goodies" at your fingertips to offer you a memorable evening. After the 
Tasting . . . after the Tippling . . . dance to the music of Paul Elizondo The complete evening 
12.5o per person. Only 15oo tickets will be sold. 

Friday, May 1o, 

7:oo p.m. Banquet Hall, 

San Antonio Convention Center 

Make lejeivations now. 
Send your order to 

Joske's Ticket Service, P.O. Box 961, San 
Antonio, Texas 78294. Make chocks or money orders payable to loake's Ticket Service or charge to your Joske's account...please indicate acct. no. Allow two weeks for processing. 

SAHANTONIO 
PESTAURAHT 

ASSOCIATION 

EXPRESS-HEWS SUNDAY MAGAZlNE-Apil H, 1*74 
PAGE 17 

SAC. PLANETARIUM 

THE MYSTERY 

OF STONEHENGE 

***. 75' 

79th ANNUAL 

BATTLEOF FIOWERS PARADE 

Tickets an.sale.in MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
LOBBY General Admission tickets may be purchased for 

$2SO, *2°° or S1SO 

April I 5 thru ApriJ 24 

Mon.-Fri. behveen 1o AM'- 3 PM 

Sat., April 2o, 1o AM- 1 PM 

' 
-Thurs., April 25 1o AM - 1 PM 

AFTER 6 PM AT ALAMO STADIUM 
VANGARD DRILL TEAM 

 will perfo™ ot 1 2:45 PM, Parade held at 1 .-45 PM 

Return Engagement 

One Nighl Only 

A Rock Opera 

"The joy and pleasure of the 

 performance was contagious to 

 the ouerjlow audience..." 

Susan Butler — Houston Chronicle 

"A marvelous message propelled by 

 some fine music." 

Bob Qaypoo) — Houston Post 

Friday. May 3 —8:oo p.m. 

Laurie Auditorium 

Tickets On Sale Now 
Tickets $4.oo $5.oo 

 at all Joske's, 

Mr. Natural and 

Mr. Natural uptown 

SiOW DANCE ON THE KILLING GROUND 

FRIDAY * SATURDAY, BiTS P.M. SUNDAY «;15 P.M. 
^' 
' _APJIIUJ *13 ond APRIL 19-31 

5f ATS $2 (HAlF.PBICf FOR STUDENTS, 

„•—-,.•- 
- . 
. - . 
MILITARY El-3, SENIOR CITIZENS) -. 

JAN PEDRO PIAYHOUSE 
RESERVATIONS 735-6922 

MONDAY-APRIL I5-8:OO PM 

Municipal Auditorium 

R«l«rvedi 6/5/4 

JAM & JELIY General Stare - Flip Side 

Convention Center Boxofffce 

Record Hole *1 and«2... Call: 828-6351 

 in HARD DAYS NIGHT 
Sunday niie 8pm only free popcorn ! 

5o* bar drinks 75 

THE 

Box Offim: 

All JOSKt 5 
< HIi )wic 
All 5F/>»S 

Kk.rn HI. ixiiii 

JOE FKfMAN 

AMIU7 thru APRIL II 

Lively 

DANCING ONE MORE WEEK 
Ronnie Banna and Delma Cisneros are featured in "SW Dance on the Killing Ground," reopening Fria'ay through Sunday at San 
Antonio till/o Thcolcr Off-Stage 
FANCY FRENCH 

RCA RECORDS has 

 begun nationwide dis- tribution of the French classical label, Erato. 

The initial releases are six 

 direct import albums of Hie 
3aroque ora. 

These include: "Albinoni: The 

Celebrated Adagio" with oilier concerlos and symphonies. Per- formers are Maurice Andre, Ihe celebrated trumpeter; oboist 
Jacques Cliambon; violinist 
3eorgc Friedrich Hendol; a.id 
Carl Ristenparl conducting his chamber orchesfro. 

"Works for Trumpet and Or- 

 gan," mi,sic 
Of 
Bacfl| Gcr 

 vaise, Albinoni nncl Viviani, is 
>erformed by Andre and or- ganist 
Marie-Claire Alain. 

'Pachclbel: 
The 
Famous 

-anon" is performed by the aiHord 
Chamber 
Orchestra, 

 onduclcd by Jean-Francois' 

'lard, also wilh two Pachclbel 

 uites for strings, Ibe Fasch rumpel concerto (wifli An*e| nd two symphonies. 

Vivaldi 

Also among the new re/eases 

 re two albums of Vivaldi. One of manclolfn concerlos, played y I Solisti Venoti, conduclcd by laudio Scimone; the other is 
1o world premiere recording of irce flulc concertos wilh Jean- 

DISCS 
FROM 
RCA 

Pierre fiompal) flulisl, and three oboe concertos with Pierre 
Pic/lot, oboisl. 

The final release is "Maurice 

Andre ond His Pupils" playing five concertos for two, throe, four and six trumpets by Torelli, 
Bonancini, Telemonn, Albert!' and Slolzel. 

The Eralo releases, according 

 lo 
Robert 
Summer, vice 

 president of RCA Records, 
"perfectly complement our Red 
Seal catalog, giving us sig- nificant titles in encellenl pcr- foimonces which via would not otherwise have." 

The records ore flawlessly 

 recorded and manufactured, the sound is brilliant and ringing, and the surfaces are completely silent. 

Baroque fanciers hove in 

Ihese records a grcol deal of new material for thoir enter- tainment.— ROBERT PINCUS 

CISCO KID AND PONCHO 

RIDE AGAIN 
AND AGAIN 

AMERICA'S FAVORITE COUPLET 
Paul Newman and Robert Bedford fn 'Trie Sling" 

By RON WHITE 
• IF THE BANDERA Lumber and Movie Com- pany made a film about a love affair between a moth ond a porch slat, and if that movie was a success. . .filling theaters and grossing millions. . .within half a year Paramount and 
2oth Century would be turning out movies about love affairs between insects and pieces of wood. 

The point it the movie com- 

 panies don't core whol their films ore about as fong as they ore successful. "The Great 
Gatsby" is another indication of that. Its producers have said they made it, not because they thought f. Scotr Fitzgerald's novel was beautiful, moving, or in any way interested Ihem per- sonally. Instead they made a coldly calculated decision that nostolgio ond ill-fated Jove af- fairs would sell tickets. 

That is simply how many 

 movie makers think. They try to gauge the public .interest and coler to it. Let's.not bicker with the movie maker right now. 
What's more interesting is the public they ore trying lo please. 

Take any bad movie that has 

 proven popular at the box office 
— such as nearly ony of the 
Kung-fu films. Divorced from its merils as a work of art or enter- tainment, such a movie becomes important sociologically, as an indicator of the psychological needs of Ihe public. 

With some of the movies it 

 relalively simple to lake a rough guess at what needs they might be satisfying. 

Importance 

Kung-fus, for example, 

 would seem lo indicate a desire for power on the part of Ihe viewers. Something like "Great 
Gatsby" might be escapism. 
"Love 
Sfory," with its 

 hypocondriac's melodrama 

 could be a on urge for peif personal importance through 

 everyday tragedies. 

But (here's another popular 

Irend lhal is more difficult to understand. It's the Irend that produced 
"The 
Sling," 

"Popillort," "Scarecrow" ana1 

 maybe even belter films such as 
"The Last Detail." 

It's the pairing of men only 

 who go bouncing through life's adventures and tragedies oflcn with only a token nod to recog- nize that women exist. 

Wilh olher popular films of 

Ihe lost few years that fit roughly in the some category 
— "Eosy Rider," "Mash," 
"Midnighl Cowboy" and, of course, "Butch Cossidy ond Ihe 
Sundance Kid ," it may be the most significant Irend in films foday, 

' The relationship in most .of 

Ihese (ilms is similar: two men joint together to bottle Ihe forces of society. They confide in each other, quarrel with each olhcr, compete, joke, laugh, gel into trouble together, get out of trouble logelher — in ihotl, 
Ihey do all Ihe things lhat used 
'o hoppcn in movi'es lo a mon and a women. 

What this oil-means, I'll be 

 the first lo confess I don'l know. 
There is a tendency by male screenwriters and male directors 
(which is about 98 per cent of writers ond directors) lo think in terms of their own gender. 

So lhat much is understan- 

 dable in ils own conceited, sexist way. But why o pair of males? 

And why ore these films so 

 popular with women? Robert 
Redford and Paul Newman are famous for stirring the hearts of women . . .but Gene Hackmon? 

At a lime when some are 

 bemoaning the prevalence of sex on Ihe screen, some of Ihe most popular films have been about a relationship thot is nansexual [none of the films 

 even hint at a homosexual rela- tionship between the main characters). 

A gloomy sociologist would 

 probably guess that we are developing a society thot is not inlerested in real relationships between people. For Ihe rela- tionships between Newman and 
Redford, or belwcen Hackman and Al Pacino are essentially fanfasy relationships. 

The Cisco Kid and Poncho did 

 not have relationships one could believe existed in reality, and it's no easier lo believe in bud- dies working ond fighlfng together, comrades-in-arms, one for all and all for one, loday even when Ihe movie is a slick product by George Roy 
Hill. 

But if that's so, then it is 

ZALESOurFVoplc Make H> NumbcrOnc 

Graduate in high style! 

Ring out those high school years with the class ring that's made lo order for you. 
II has your ov.n name in raised letters, 

 plus school name ar.d year, and school mascot. 

And it's made with our exclusive fiery 

Sun-Lite1 slorte. lOKgotd. 

Student Accounts Invilect 

 ry\ COMING SOON ZMtS UNIVERSAL CIIY 

Za'cs Revolving Charge • Zates Custom Cha-gn 

BankAmcricsrd • Master Charge 

American Eiprcss • Diners Club . laya*ay 

"IIS: Ml I. HCUIJI • IK I. IKl'M 

 equally true that Newman-Red- ford motion pictures are indica- tive of o need for some kind of relationship. It may be lhat normal relationships between men and women are so 

 frequently unsuccessful, if has sel persons off looking for fan- tasy relationships. And the fan- tasy relationship belv/een rnen and women usually turns out to be exaggerated sex. What's left is Ihe male-mole relationship, 
Batman and Robin ever true to one another, always rescuing each other in Ihe nick of lime. 

As to why women enjoy this 

 fantasy . too, one can only guess that woman-woman rela- tionships in our traditional stories leave no room for der- ring-do, heroism, loyalty and rescues. 

These are only suggestions, 

 mind you. 
When someone 

 figues out for certain the suc- cess of "The Sting," he will have figured oiit a phe- 

 nomenon. 

BUDDIES THROUGH THICK AND THIN 
Sieve McQueen ond Duslin Hoffman in "PopifJon" 

 flHTIQUES 
SHOW-Sfl riPRll 13-14 flOK Jl.QOj snr. it 

'""""' il 
COWf.RO'S 

BIF\FIER Private Lives, 

| Special Discount Night 
3 Sunday only—Dinner & Show 

$5 per person! 

Art School & Gallery 

2614 Wagon Wheel Dr. 

826-6587 

Annual Spring Art Show 

Featuring Texas' Finest Artists 

Sunday April 21 

Noon 'Til Dark 

Use Our Convenient tayaway Plan 

Happiness is 

 the world's only 

 parading river. 
Happiness is color and sight and sound — laughter and music and dancing. 
Happiness is 
San Antonio's 
Fiesta River Parade 
Reserve Tickets from $2 now on sale at Municipal Auditorium 
For information call 225-5o44. Tickets on sale from April 15-22. 
Monday Night-April 22 8RM. 

 tXPRfSS-NlWS SUNDAY HAGAZlHE-A,rll M, U74 
PAGE If 

Turtle Creek 

Gallery 

 iintler A'eiv management ' presents a HEW look 

A ualaaia, talhahn ,ffK, ,M 
' 

•»«ut,yftf 
KOIIEItT COKDO.V. ( 
SCHUBERT FROM 

TtsSfiS wvasr15"" ^ LIFORNIA! 

965o Data Point Drive 
696-o571 

 taajaceul to it, KoMarrn on Il'urz/iati n,l I ueios recordmgs favor a 

PRESENTS ONE-MAN SHOW 

DRYBRUSH WATERCOLOR PAINTINGS 

DAN BROWN 

STARTZVILIE ON FM 2673 WEST 

AND^FRED SEHNERT.. OWNERS 

"Eilra BrilliiRce. 
1 

'*iio«ishfnj Virliiisily... A Pkei»ner,N!- 

• Such Ctniunnile Artistry Is A Rare Eiprrleeee! 
*, "Road m> Audience T» Ihundnaus Jpjljuse!' rSablli, Aniiing Virtuisity Simjt; UnbeliHjlte! 
1 

 ojX Tines 

•HttPjrosl.toiterdar 
MIoabDiUI. stccUicIn 
New Dillr, Lccftn 

SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 8:oo P.M. 

Laurie Auditorium, Trinity University 

Reserved Seats $6.5o. $5.5o. $4.5o 
On sale now at all Joske's stores 

1 

El Chico Special 

Easter Sunday Menu 

$2.95 

SALAD 

Sliced Pineapple wilh Collage Cheeso 

ENTKEE 

* Roasl Round o( Choice Henf with Drown Sauce 
'Baked Sugar Cured Ham Slices with Rmsin Sauco 

 tp"°^ p* ( ca-H°d Chicke" nnd DrcS8il" wilh SPic"d 
* Fried Fish Fillots with Tarlor Sauce 

• 
CHo1CR OF TWO VECEMBUSS 

Bultcred Carrots 

English Peas 
Fresh Spinach 

Whipped Potatoes 

Hot Rolls and Huller 

DESSERT 

Chncolnlc Sundao or Strawberry Suruloo 

DRINK 

Coffee or Ice Tea 

FOR THE UTTLK CH1COS 

Children Size I'orlion* wilh Drink and Dessert 

. 
$1.25 

Mexican food with "Mama's Touch" 

All El Chico Restaurants 

TEEN BOARD 

TRYOUTS 

Would you like to: 

• Model in Joske's Junior 
. iashion shows 
• Receive Hie latest iashion 

 information 

• Attend monthly Board meetings 
• Participate in service projects 
• Compete for the title of Miss 

Teena Texas '75-'76 

Represent your school 

 on 

Joske's Teen Board! 

If you are currently a'freshman, sophomore or junior in an accredited 
San Antonio high school, try out for 
Joske's Teen Board. Pick up an application blank in the Junior 
Department of any Joske's store in San 
Antonio. Fill it out, attach a recent 
.photograph, then bring it with you to the preliminary judging at Joske's fourth floor Auditorium, Downtown, Saturday 
April 2oth at these times: 

Last names A through M, 1o a.m. 
Last names N through Z, 2:45 p.m. 

Finalists will be notified the following week, and must be present for final judging and interview on Saturday, May 
6, at Joske's. Applicants will be judged on poise, grooming and over-all appearance, personality, activities, honors and scholastic record. 

 these performances. 

In short, it's honest; and 

 combined with the awe-inspi/ing artistry of Carol Rosenberger 
.and 
Ihe impeccable 

 musicianship of producer-artistic adviser Kal]a Andy, Ihe resulls have been predictably mag- nificent. 

 music 

Last month, Delos gave us a 

 fhird recording of Rosenbergw, this time a Schubert recital (DEL 
15313) coupling the great A minor sonata op. 42 wilh the op. 9o impromptus. As an in- terperler of Schubert, Miss 
Rosenberger proves herself here to be second to none. 

Her flawless pianism, bsau- 

 liful, eloquent singing tone and positively revelatory musical in- sighls [Ihe loiter are never once divergent from Ihe score] have produced a performance that is simply above criticism. 

A Mistake 

In approaching Ihe very long 

 sonatas of Schubert, too many pianists, however well-inten- tioned in their allempts to further the recent revival of interest in the piano works of 
Ihe great Viennese composer, moke Ihe mistake of trying to make them work like those of 
Beethoven, which they do not. 

Happily, Miss Rosenborger 

 avoids this error and plays 
Schubert like Schubert; that is to say that within the clearly defined classical framework of these works she allows Ihe tnemalk material the freedom it needs la unfold quite spon- taneously and almost 

 improvisatorrly. 

Her recording of the A minor 

 sonata is by far the best available. She captures per- fectly the spirit . of 

"Gemuilichkeit" so germainc fn 

FIESTA FLAMBEAU 

TICKETS...NOW! 
ON BROADWAY 
(AT IH 35 OVER PASS) 

"The tartittl point hor 

 which lo vfew i')" 

ON ALAMO PLAZA 

"Set 3o DRILL TFAMS 
PLUS IHE PARADE" 

BUrACHERS 

'2so-s2'5->3'5 

Grand Stands 
'3s«-'4-J5 

BOX OFFICES 

Munlclpol Auditorium 

AND 

319 MojeiHc Building 
« Mall Check and SoTf- 

Addr«»«d Stomped 

Envelope To: 

Fe»lii-o) San Jarlnto A»n 

319Majn||eBldB. 

Afsoi On Safe Al Slandt On tvenlng Ol Parade 

CAROL ROSENBERGER 
Plays Shubcrl on disc. 

Schubert's music, willi no loss of profundity. 

Also-commendable is her 

 choice to play Ihe tempos 
Schubert has marked rather 
Ihcm the pedantic, deathly slow ones usually opted by pianists. 

Melodic 

As for the impromptus, one 

 would have lo go back to the historic Edwin Fischer recording to find a betler performance than this. Instead of the hysterical scramble of arpeggios usually heard in the A-flat major, Rosenberger plays the 
Allegretto thai is written; in place of the claustrophobic jumble of noles one is accus- tomed to hearing in Ihe f-flat major, we hear the luxurious, always melodic ripple of trip- lets (though finely different from, the Chopinesque 'jeu perle) lhat 
Schubert wrote. 

Rather than a quasi-Aeolian 

 harp rendition of the third, she plays it as it was conceived: a leia with Q completely vocal melody (I hear a lenor, and so, 
' think, does Rosenberger) sup. 
Ported by a triplet accom- pammenf every note of which must be heard, but nol ob- trusively so. 

Over-oil, one is Mruck nol 

 only by Ihe integrity of this 
Ploying, but by (he totally soilless ond beautifully simple way in which (his remarkable orlist projects Schubert's music 

SIT UP flnd TAKE NOTJtt 

WANT ADS 

 m iJ.mi.il, M iui u i (iiMni i. r** 
'l'Tti*!-:,!^^ n4«iHMftiii7 i tttll ,(,„ xarnid ^j| ,i,ri fcl^ T| 

 cftcr 225o666 

NASHVILLE SOUND 

SINGER SAYSHE'SNODRUNK 
Rw DFn rvnrtKjuci i 
By REDO'DONNELL 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. 
• A sore throat and head cold caysed-Del Reeves, colorful, and sometimes rambunctious singer, to bow out of performances in 
Syracuse and Scranton. 

He was on tour Wilh a package show that 

 included Tom T. Hall, Bobby ,Bare and Jerry 
Glower. ;•: 
. 
' 

"He was on lour with a package show that 

 included Tom T. Hall, Bobby Bare and Jerry 
Glower. 

"What do you do In a case like lhat?" asked 

 an innocent bystander.Do you offer Ilie paying customers a refund?" 

Reeves coughed and grinned. 
"I'm no monoy-back-guarantee act," he 

 replied. "We all at one time or the other become no-shows. 

"What I do," he continued Ihe happy-go- 

 lucky entertainer, "is fo go out on stage wild my bohd'-dnd explain to Ihe audience why I om 
.unabfe.'to sing. 
: 

"Hheji 'tell the good people, 'And you can 

 see I'm.not drunk as I imagine some of you were thinking.1" 

..- 
. 'Minor Tragedy' 

 barmy;. Doyis and Ihe Nashville Brass, in 

Omaha'16 play'for'the opening of the cily's annjial Home Show, were involved indirectly in a "niinqr tragedy" of sorts. 

"According to our contract," Davis reports, 

"Mayor Tom Zorinsky of Omaha was to join us in on official ribbon-cutting ceremony. 
: 
"However," Davis continued, "the Mayor 

 decided to add a twist to the traditional procedure and instead of. Ihe ribbon, called for a Iwo-by-four board and announced he planned lo break it with a karate chop. 

"Well, it didn't quite work out," Davis said. 

"The .Mayor hit the board but instead of it breaking - - - his wrist did. 

'The poor guy, retaining his sense of humor 

 magnificently, said, ;Just one of the bad breaks of my office,' and left for a doctor's office." 

• ::-•' Hank Hesitated 

Hank Snow's current "Hello Love" may sell 

 into his most popular single during his 38-year career with RCA Records. Yup, even his long-run theme'.'I'm Moving On." 

CARL SMITH 
JERRY REED 

HANK SNOW 

"A funny thing about that recording," 6o- 

 year -old Hank said. "When the producer first asked me to do it, or rother suggested that I do it, I hesitated. 

"I told him that I may be too old to sing a 

'love saner. 

"The producer said, 'Nobody is ever too old 

 lo sing love songs.' 

"The producer was right," Honk said. 

The. British Broadcasting Company (BBC) 

 asked for, and received permission to report on one of its network broadcasts that Tommy 
Wynelle and George Jones have their house up for sale. (Asking price, $2oo,ooo). 

Tammy and George move on or about June \ 

 to a larger (19 rooms) house they recently purchased. The cost? A mere $5oo,ooo. 

Meanwhile, singer Carl Smith's ranch-farm in 

 suburban Nashville is on the market. The asking price for the 46o-acres is $l'/j million. He's selling it in parcels or the entire spread. 

Smith Retires 

Smith recently went into "semi-retirement." 

He resigned his recording contract and in- formed his agent that he didn't core to do any more personal appearances. 

"I want to spend more time at home with my 

 wife and our three children," he said. "It seems that nearly all my life I have been going into or out of recording studios or (raveling hare and there. 

"My kids, all in school, were beginning to 

 refer lo me when I was at home as 'that mon, 
Mr. Smith.'" 

Reed fr> Movie 

Singer-guitarist-v/riler Jerry Reed who also 

 has an important part in the 2olli Century-Fox picture being filmed here, says far as he is concerned "making movies is the toughest phase of show business. 

"I've sung and played on television, radio, 

 m all kinds of auditoriums and clubs, and done my share of recording work, but making this 
.picture is real labor. 

"You look at a movie on the screen in a 

 theater and say lo yourself, 'that's easy,' but it isn't like that when you're making Ihe movie. 

"I think anybody who hopes lo be in movies 

 should make up his or her mind lo do some very' hard work." 

Reed plays the leader of Ihe Dancekings 

 band in the $3 million film. 

THE AZTEC INDIANS HAD 
A VERV BOLD WO STRIK- 
ING ART raVA. 
THE 

DESIGN Of 
THIS MAZE 

WAS INSPIRED BV THEIR 
APPROACH TO THE U6E Of 

ABSTRACT 
LINES. THE 
TASK SET 
BEFORE YOU 
18 StWLV 
TO TRACt 
A WVTH 
THRO THe 

WHICH CONNECTS AU. SIX 
SUN BURSTS WITHOUT 
PASSING OVER A PR£U»Utt.V 
TRPWELEO ROUTE. 
STAttT 

W THE LOWER LEFT-HAND 
CORNER AND FINISH «T 
THE UPPER RIGHT- HAND 
CORNER. 

SOLUTION ON PAGE 22 

,..„.. 
CROSSWORD' 

1 ACROSS 

 k 
K 1 Ultimate 

6 Roman 

 giant 

1o Back 

 area 
U Sew 

 loosely 

19 Essential 

 character 

2o Verbal 
21 Formerly 
22 Moral 

 standards 

24 Hindu 

 manlra 

25 Decimal 

 base 

26 Have 
27 Mine 

 passage 

28 Tibetan 

 gazelle . 

29 Laughter 

 sound 

3o KnighTs 

 tllle 

32 Ship's 

 right side 

35 Fact 
37 Dawn 

 goddess 

38 Tennyson 

 heroine 

4o Lyric 

 poem 

41 Expunge 
43 Charged 

 particle 

44 Molding 

 edge 

45 Singes 
47 Perform 
49 Skidding 
51 Piquant 
52 Lubricate 
54 Draw 

Behind 

56 Redacts 
57 Zodiac 

 sign 

58 Publisher 
62 Poetic 

"betore" 

64 Vichy 

 summer 

65 Hunting 

 dog 

69 Intertwine 
7o Atlantic 

 whitlwind 

72 Lalin 

 greeting 

74 Detesl 
76 Ripped 
77 Bygone 
78 Paid notice 
8o Temper 
83 Caravansary 
86 Sardijw 

 container 

87 Federal 

 soldier 

89 Dust cloln 
9o Family 
- 

• member 
92 Incessant 
94 Toward the 

 mouth 

96 Noisy 
99 Apportion 
1oo Restrainer 
1o4 Chemical 

 sulfix 

1o5 Anger 
. 

1o7 Church 

 official 

111 Spanish 

 gold 

112 Bar, in law 
114 Go 
116 And: Lalin 
117 Mature 
118 Outlits 
12o British 

 nobleman 

122 Born: 

French 

123 Egyptian 

 soul 

125 Greek 

 goddess 

126 Wander 

 aimlessly 

129 Gambler's 

 marker 

131 Cralty 
133 Scarf 
136 Fortily 
137 Amid 
139 Convened 
141 Caldron 
142 Perl 
145 Money user 
147 Tool box 
149 Biological 

 division 

153 Nighthawk 
154 Take 

 nourishment 

155 Spanish 

 title 

157 NOSQ: Lalin 
159 Standing 

16o Aficionado's 

 cry 

161 Chirp 
163 Apportioning 
166 Venice 

 canals 

167 Japanese 

' mile 

.168 Man's 

. nickname 

169 In a tine 
171 Harlebeest 
172 Sphere 
174 "- deum" 
175 Complele 
177 Fountain 

 order 

178 LachrymaL 
179 Elevated 
181 Lively 

 dance 

162 Whirlpool 
183 Mistakes 
184 Enclose 

DOWN 

1 Food 

 shortage 

2 Neutet 

 pronoun 

3 Shell Iruit 
4 Son of Zeus 
5 Slow: music 
6 Accurate 
7 Street 

 urchin 

8 Watercrall 
9 Communion 

 tables 

1o Highway 

 term 

1 1 Conclude 
12 Caustic 
13 Keeps 
14 Started 
15 Minute 

 particle 

16 Asian sheep 
17 Palm lily 
18 Imitative 
19 Pries 

 inquisitively 

23 Impudent 
31 Brook 
33 Alaska 

 mountain 

34 Chest 

 sound 

36 Clothe 
.> 

37 Silkworm 
' 

39 Monotonous 

 noise 

42 Girl's namo 
44 Nautical 

 direction 

46 Perch 
48 Bool 

 feature 

5o Flowering' 

 shrubs 

51 Ceylon 

 measure ' 

53 French 

 article 

55 Prolonged 

 dispute 

57 Musical 

 note 

58 Frolic 
59 Indian 

 composition 

6o Sacred 

 image 

61 Artificial 

 language 

63 Night 

 before 

65 Biblical 

 king 

66 Jot 
67 Hibernia 
68 Sublet 
71 Listener's 

"loan" 

73 Oriental 
75 Detective 
78 Hilltop 

 abode 

79 College 

 bigwigs 

81 Arrest 
82 Irish stone 
84 Battery . 

 terminal 

85 Geographical 

 formation 

88 Hawaiian 

 tree 

91 Speaks 

 tearlully 

93 Afternoon 

 party 

95 Discourage 
97 Picnic pest 
98 Numerical 

 prefix 

1oo College 

 residence. 

1o1 Great Lake 
1o2 Roman robe 
1o3 Brown kiwi 
1o6 Antlered 

 animal 

1o8 Summon 
1o9 Curved 

 molding 

11o Close 

 by 

113 Make 

 ready 

115 Roman 

 bronze 

1 19 Tiny 

 meal 

121 Diving 

 birds 

124 Verb 

 form 

125 Subsequent 
127 Arid 
128 Printing 

 measure 

13o Beginning 
132 Tibetan 

 beast 

134 Out of 

 bed 

135 Navigator's 

 nemesis 

137 Satisfy 
138 Cheek 
14o Metal 

 craftsmen 

142 Seed 
143 SuHering 
144 Put in 

 service 

145 Prosecute 
146 Revolve 
148 Burmese 

 tribesman 

15o Near: 

Scottish 

151 Joined 
152 Did 

 slaloms 

154 Brush 

 away 

156 Stair 

 tread 

158 "Saw 

 logs" 

161 Spanish 

 bull 

162 Trample 
164 Eskers 
165 Metric 

 weight. 

168 Wire 

 measure 

17o Eccentric 
.173 Clothing 

 protector 

176 Chinese 

 pagoda 

18o Compass 

 point 

HP8ISS-NEWS SUNDAY IKAGAZINf- April M.H74 
PAGE 21 

POPS CALENDAR 

"iif, A"^ 'TO "^VV",*™ WONDERLAND, 

 iS, $6. Ticket, al JOT, &'K«llJ- 
$.4 i M°'rJl"!! ^.'I.^"?'.6 ?•*• 

 oirum, p.m., 
4 

15, $6. Ticketi al Jo-n & "Kelly 
GDnerol Slo-e, boll, Record Hole, 
FIjPSKle or>d audi|o^.m [„, ,.(,,-„ 
828-6351. 

APRIL 2o CHET A1KINS, Mm'cipc.1 

A,°^"^.ri""- 8 p •'"' "'".5o. TickHs 
226.2269 C'P°' Aud"otium bo" ""««• 

' on sae ol J»sle's litkel 5eiKice or.d Mr. No'uiols. 

MAY 9 CHICAGO, M^'dpal Aud;. 

 to'ium, 8 p.m. S5.5o, $6.5o. Tlcksls 

MAY 
11 VIKKI CARR BENEFIT, 

 tGn.enlKj.i Conlsr Aifr.o, S:3o p m 
o*«fir pK,ow.a«» fo, Hal,, Cros, 
"* S.hMl. J3.5o, W.so o.-Td 
^7 M r 
* °" 'O'e Ol ""V Cr<>». 
426 N. San" Felipe, Honrf,, An!, 
Slorcs ond Joske'i. 434-6431. 

APRIL 26 BLUE GRASS CONCERT 

 wilri IESTER fLATT AND THE 
NASHWLLf GRASS, and BACK- 
WOODS 
VOLUNTEERS 
^srt^:^- ——a,. 
K^tt&te;;jr "S^^™^ 

4." 'or a!l four conceits. $3.5o f« s rigle canccrli in advance. J4 5o 
>^'e con«rls al lhe Bale Fou F<,sl 
Box 53oP, Au.lin. re«os 78763. 
' 

APRIL 28 SPRING SPECTACULAR, 

 o'-xixen Gurdpm, 2 a m 
Ql&ctf 

°™ ^"KANSAS, /O , JO GUNN and olnei,. p,e,h»» lider, W o, ;„.,, 
* MX Geno,ol Ste,*, boil, Record 
Haiti orxt FJJpiide, 828-635). 

Exceptional 
Grant GiVen if THE J. M, Kaplan Fund me. has given Direch'onal 
Concepts Dance Theater p nnnrfntfnH I 
" 
_ of 

D*lir>« 
«"«NU 
FUNK 

A*lo tf 
^""""'ion Center 

 only «rt Ihii Kme. Phone 'aie-Ms't for n»a ordtr information. 

SEALS & CROFTS TOMORROW 
^rhafa™' "i1* ?°ftS W/" apPCOr W'"h SP";o/ B« pr^ed ai S4 "t? S^ °' 'D Mu™'>°' A"*'°™<». 
Pn«d or $4 J5 and $6, ore on so/e Of Jorr. & Jc ffi» anTrh °!KN°- ' * P' orfjce and me Qua,- for rum. 

The foundation says thai the 

Kaplan fund is not supporting projects in the arts at this time but made an exception because 
°f the foundations1 record of success in managing younq ar- tials. 

! GAME ON 
1 
PAGE 2 1 

;? 

^ 

ORDER YOUR 

SENIOR SCHOOL RING 

NOW AT SHAW'S 

Btsl-stl 
"*Cj!»Blr llljijiui uliaiwfe s"w,7r 

"Bennie and the Jets," Elton 

John 

"Hooked on a Feeling," Blue 

Swede 

"rSOP,"MFSB 
"Best Thing thai Ever 
Hap- 

 pened to me," Gladys Knighl ond the Pips 

"The 
Lord's Prayer," Sister 

JonelMead 

"Sunshine on my Shoulders," 

John Denver 

"Come ond Get Your Love " 

Red Bone 

"A Very Special Love Song," 

Charlie Rich 

"Oh My My," Ringo Slarr 
"LooloV for o love," Bobby 

Womack 

 s ™ D f r P r 
- 
Symphony Pops Com*,, of 8 p.m. Safurday of Municipal Audi- f°nu.">-.*<<<«>>*. P"ced from 52 1° $5.5o, are on sale al Ihe auarrorjurn. 

"I 

 t)-IO 

I 

I 

1o kt. gold h,gh school rings . . . here- now in oil he,r ou.hent.c, hor.d5ome detail. Haovy, solid ,i ° 
•or boys . . . dainty, beoulif.l ring, for g rls 

BOYS' 
GIRLS 
MEDIUM 
GIRLS' 

SVAIL 

549oo 

 more thdn a jev/elry store. 

By MYRNA VOrJ NIMITZ 
Initruclor in Piano 
Incarnote Word College.' 

"The Lyre Stage" 

266 Woncterland 
7o3 s.w> Mi|ilo 

.Shopping City 
o, Soulh!id9 shoppc;.s Cl( M „ 

»»V*X^^ 

 tt 
WPfiHS-NEWS SUNDAY fdAGAZINf-Aprll 14 1974 

 i. . i_- '"'f1 out SAVE ^^ 
NEED A BAND? 

CAll OS WRITE IHf IE!NACCOMU5ClANS-»5SOC'»r 
!ni 

• ABA A 
• 
3<" THOMAS JEFfEISOH D8IVE 

1 • ^^•™** 
SANAMinNin rcyic-fllla 

DANCE 9 P.M.-1 A.M. 
..K.19 PABLO'S GROVE & SE7flft 

APR. ^oSINiSILKFQX&STRflWDOM] 

'ADMISSION to i si so GIRIS Btroitc 9 P.M. SAI omr 

STUOIMF CENTER 

• ro» IIICH scHOOi ma concot SIUDIHTS « 
|'iro« u fj) 

 flic lyre stoge sptats.of for higher culture Irian llie iwo pisteding slages (lhe drum a.nd pipe slages), ond is ronlem- 

 poraenous with tht emergence of mrm from (he Scnjge S|n|e into thai higher plane of 

 developmen! la which the name 
"barbarism" iioHirolly oppliei. 
Tlie Ijrrt was broujhl la Europe if 'fie *ryan rote. II (ame inlo lieing os an instrument of.ot- tomponimtnl. In its rudest form it wus (xobohly a st/in3 or Iwo strttihecf over a board or a stick, ond twinged witri (he lingirs. It 

 wos o smoll light instrument Ir-.ut would fa/ llie least possible tax on the -ployer and oilow him lo 

 give Hi best nllenlion lo lhe song. Id fWrn was fhe firsl eaiy de»el»;Hnenl of the Jsw's-riarp- foim, Ifiol i! to soy, moie lib a lute thon o lyre. 

Niese carl/ inilruments were sulfeienl for (he'purpose Iliey 

 w«re intended. As time pnssed more jhinji were cdded. After tour strinji »tie odM Jhough, there wos a pause. Hone of tht 
P'imitire stmigtd inslrumtnls 
Ihnl we know of hove more thon foul sfiings. 

Jne ne«t development of Ihii piimitivt lute wm v,hot mode it into o line lyre-tfie culling 

 nxoir of port of the boord ot the nock of If-.e sliings ond leoving 
.on empty sjwxe so llwi |],e siring! (ould be tighler. Thii olso 

 olWd lhe ployer lo strike the strings, lleil «,> development of the inslrumtnl split ir,|o two rfireclioni. rtiese Jore: (I) the lule ond its descendants, includ- ing the lyre ond (2) lhe lyre's neKendonts. 
[he futt is lhe parent of all inilrumenls wlioie strings ore l^ked by lhe fingers, ond lhe lye is lhe pnrenl ol all ins- 

 truments wliose sWng! are shuck liy o hommer. The lule gore nirlri lo the harp and tlie lyre led lo the dulcimer. In olr,er 
"Olds, the lule instrument ob- loined Iheir inirtose in powr hf intreosing Ihe'siie and lension 
"I Ine strings, while the lyie incieosed power by inireosina 
Ine force with which they were- stiuck: 

Shirsged inslruments'slowly grew into Iheif o»n riglu. At firsl they were only used to strike a prelude independently before the voice begun to jing. Iheir development hod several slages, ond trhc-n (he lasl stage wos 

 reached, when the instrument ond the voice wenl hond in hcnd, note for not*, and word 

 for word, lhe inshumenls would te fllrfwjf os ikiflful os the voice 

 m e x p r e s s i n g . l h e smallest 

(Ukeiing of thwghl. 

NfXTWCfKs 

SAN ANTONIO 

PIANO ACADEMY 

As Ihe year draws to a close, 

 many seniors ore pausing lo look back on their last year at Harlandole. 

A new dress code ond shorter 

 lumrli period greeted Ihe incoming senior class. The title of "Most 
Spiriled Class" and the school's winning the KONO Most Spirited 
School Award of $1ooo.oo brought hundreds of smiles ond sore fingers. 

Teresa Vasquez, senior treasurer 

 and member of Ifie Student Council ond Spanish Club, was honored by receiving Ihe D.A.R. award. Ran- dolph Sonnen, R.O.T.C. Brigade 
•Commander was honored by the 
Optimist Club' as one of the outs- landing youths in Son Anlonio and received a nomination by his school to West Point Academy. Tim Frazier ond Johnny Rodriguez received 
Wards Awards. Charles Migl, and 
.Allen Zaionlz were chosen for the all-city AAAA baskelball leam. 
. . Cuffed pants, chunky shoes, 

 longer skiits and short hair were style and 'Nostalgia1 became the fashion 
Iheme of Ihe 1973-74. Karen 

Smothers, a stylish senior, scored high on Ihe Betty Crocker test and became her school's Betty Crocker representative. 

"Camelot" Ihe Iheme of the an- 

 nual Junior-Senior Prom naming John 
Rodriguez, King and Yolanda Hei- nandez. Queen; Charlie Migl, Beau, and Martha Ochoct, sweethearl, was a night to remember. 

Guy Simpson received a slanding 

 ovation when he was presented Ihe special award of 'Court Jester1 by 
Jesse Parra, junior class treasurer. 

Atoy I 7 seniors look forward lo 

 presentalian of academic awards in each field of study and the final nighl of graduation May 2!. 

"We May Never Poss this Way 

Again" was cliosen (he senior song, while scarlet ond royal blue and a rose.were chosen Ihe senior colors and flower, 

"In the solitude of our minds we 

 can look to (fie future for, 'We know who! we are,' but not whal we may be" was chosen-the senior motto, reflecting the class of '74's hopes for tomorrow. 

The Bells Still Toll 

The Harlondale School Districl is an 

 independent school district situated en- tirely v/ilhin the incorporated limits of the city of San Anlonio. It covers an area of approximalely nineleen square miles, By legislature act, Ihis dislrictwas created as on independent school dis- 
Irict in 1924. ll has grovm from a one leacher rural school to a modern school system employing a faculty of over 
1,ooo professional personnel. 

The first school in the dislricf was 

 storied in the granary of Ihe famous old 
San Jose Mission. On religious holidays and on Sunday mornings one can slill 

 hear Ihe old mission bell calling people lo v/orship — as it did early Horlandale students. Many such points of inlerest: 

 and historical significance may be found in the Harlandalc community. From Ihe 
San Jose campus students transferred lo 
Ihe Morrill Street campus. In the 192o's the campus was relocated at the nov/ existing Horlandale Middle1 School. In i 953 Horlandole students registered at the Gerald Avenue campus ond are now ccfebroling their twentieth year al Ihis sile. 

Today, the district includes 21 

 schools and more Ihon 18,ooo pupils. 

/ports 'Drama • 

Sports 

Baseball, volleyball and track 

 seasons are well underway as Ihe In- dians allcnd regular tournaments and conlesls. 

The volleyball leam under the direc- 

 tion of Mrs. Janice Hickman, is presently undefeated in district play. The spikers won first place al Ihe Noilheast Tour- nament and two second places at the 
Del Voile ond Horlandale Tournaments. 

The baseball learn, which proclices 

 every day afler school, is under the supervision of Coach Mike Frazier. 

The track team is on the run this year 

 as they have attended two liack meets, the Northside and Harlandole Track 
Relays. 

Drama 

On March 2 8, Ihe Hailandale Drama 

 club presented o play al UIL compelition entitled "To Burn A Witch." They will journey to Laredo to altend the UIL meet lo be held at larcdo Nixon High School. 

Music 

The Mighly Horlondale Indian Band 

 enter concert and UIL sight reading contests. This year Ihe band has been chosen feature or "honor" band ol Ihe 
BalHe of Flowers Band Festival and- during Fiesta Week. They will also march in Ihe Batlle of Flowers Parade ond the Fiusla Ftambeau. 

 by Wendv Ward 

CHARM CLASSES OFFERED 

In every girl there is a special 

 charm — a feminine mystique — 
Iliat's just waiting to be sel free. But how? The answer witl be yours when you enroll in o Wendy Ward Charm 
Program al Monlgomory Word. As a sludcnt in the Wendy Ward Charm 
Program, you will learn aboul grooming, fashion, modeling, even some timely tips on making 

 meaningful conversation wilh boys and girls. Vou will get your own charm book plus beauty aids. Classes are held once a week for six weeks at your Montgomery Ward Charm 
Cenler; and Ihe Wendy Ward direc- lor is up-to-lhc-minule in the field of 

 fashion, cosmclics, hair styling and the magic world of modeling. 
Whether you ore a pre-teen, leen or senior teen, help develop your total self. Sign up now for Ihe Wendy 
Ward Charm Program at Mont- gomery Wards V/onderland or 
McCreless slorcs. SUGAR AND 
SPICE dosses for 5-9 yr. olds (I hour weekly) begin May 4, WENDY 
WARD classes for 1o-14 ond 15-1 8 yr. olds (I1/; hours weekly) also begin May 4. Why not slart Ihe New 
Yoor off right by enrolling loday! For more information, coll 736-4111 
(Wondeiland) or 
532-8881 

(McCreloss) and ask for Wendy 
Ward. 

CHARLES D. MIGL 
467 Clutter- Ave. 

HARLANDALE HIGH SCHOOL 

Charles D. Migl, son of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Migl mainlains a 

96 grade average while pursuing his goal of acquiring an athletic scholarship lo a major university whore he would major in business and minor in coaching. 

A two ycor letlerman in bolh baseball and boskclboll,Charles 

 has been named All-Dislricl in bolh sports, and [cccived honorable mention on the All-City baseball squad. 

Charles has served as President of his Sophomore Class 

President of Ifie Nalional Honor Society, ond Student Council 
Reprcscnlalivc. 
• ' 
• 

Charles altcnds Son Jose Catholic Church where he is active in 

 youth organizations'. 

To Charles goes spocial recognition by and at Ihe next regular 

 mccling of Ihe Downlown Oplimisls Club. 

UPRISS-HEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-Aprll 14, W4 PAGt M 

Save 5.o1! "Straw-weave" soft leather shoes by Corelli 
16" 

Reg. 22.oo. Do your summer strolling in breezy soft leather straw-type weave shoes from Corelli, with cushioned insole for extra comfort. Top: Sling sandal in white/white or tan/bone. Bottom: Pump in blue/white, tan/ bone or white/white. Each in sizes 7-9AA 
5-1oB. Shoes, Downtown, North Star and Austin. 

ORDER BY MAIL OR PHONE 227-4211 weekdays 8 a.m. 'til 9 p.m. 
Joske's of Texas. San Anlonio, Texas 782o6 
Charge ( ) Check ( ) Money Order ( ) 
Please send me the following Corelli "straw-weave" shoes as advertised. Add 5% sales tax. 

Quan. 
Style 
Size 
Width 
Color 
Price 
Tax 

O D D D 

Name 

Accl. No. D D D 

Address 

£ily .. 
State 
Zip 

Outside delivery area, please add B5c (or handlinq outside Texas, 1.1o. 
TO CALL JOSKE'S TOLL FREE IF YOU LIVE 
WITHIN 6o-MILE RADIUS OF SAN ANTONIO 
DIAL OPERATOR AND ASK FOR 
ENTERPRISE 9951. 

JOSKE'S ENJOYMENT CARD 

IS BETTER THAN CASH! 

Apply for your Joske account 

 today for easier shopping!