• 1.3oo 
.prize ■ bonus ■ 
Video television recorder offered 
See Column 6 

F I N A L 
HOME 

354 

FEBRUARY 27, 1977 

★ 
In thi STAB 
GARBO min comeback 
• CHICO h“ n 
• FONZ 
• Horoscope 

 may quit 

Jot 
M a r c h 

SUTTON «* 
The Sutton Family Story 

A family story steeped in the black American _ 
_ tradition unfolds on r d ^ G o A 

MICKEY'S 
'story 

Mouse 
Club's beginnings 

 acapulco jet set b 
V 
I 
J 
Weekend 

TH E SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

See SOCIETY 

FORECAST 

Fair. cold. High, near 
HO. lam . near 3o. De­ 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

SATURDAY TEMPE RATU RlS 
IN C O LU M N TW O 
The S.A. hotel rbom 
9 that never was 
By JE S S E CLEMENTS 

San Antonio’s new-hotel boom has gone flat because there was never a real boom. 

Since 1973 som e $1oo million in pro­ jects with 3.834 hotel room s have been announced for downtown San Antonio. 
So far none of the projects have got­ ten beyond the drawing boards. 
Voters reject school bonds 

By LIZ SWEET 
A narrow margin of 498 votes spelled defeat for the San An­ tonio School District s $49 mil­ lion bond issue Saturday. 

In an extremely light voter turnout, the proposed bond p ro gra m ’s received only 8,835 votes while 9,333 votes were cast against the plan. 
A total of 18,168 votes were cast in a district with more than 1oo,ooo eligible voters. 
C h a rlo tte T r a v i s , f o r m e r S A S D board candidate and opponent of the bond issue, said the m a ssiv e air con­ ditioning plan and the huge amount of taxes that would result defeated the program. 
Mrs. T rav is, a m e m b e r of the re ­ cen tly fo rm e r A la r m e d T a x p a y e r s 
SASD. said the result showed the m a ­ turity of voters listened to the points that opponents s t r e s s e d d u rin g the campaign. 
Analyze 
“ We hope now the board will analyze the district’s needs and come up with a new plan that is not quite so large. 
“ We a re not a g a i n s t a bond issue—just this particular p a c k a g e .’ ’ 
Mrs. Travis said. 
Dr. William Elizondo, board p resi­ dent and le a d e r of the b o n d s s u p ­ porters, said he cannot believe r e si­ dents of the San Antonio School D is­ trict actually would vote against the children 
“ It is difficult for me to believe that citizens of this com m unity who have cried over the deterioration of the in­ ner city continually for the last decade would tie against the biggest oppor­ tunity the city h as had in y e a r s to breathe new life into its inner core,” 
Dr. Elizondo said 
Rehabilitation 
The board p resid en t sa id he will continue to work for the rehabilitation of the inner schools. 
“ We won t stop trying. We will con­ tinue to concentrate on the b asics of reading, writing and arithm etic. We will bring quality ed u cation to this district, even if we have to wait a while before our educational plants are im- prov tx!. 

“ And as for our opponents, the en­ em ies of the children, we will m ake sure you know mon* about them by the time we schedule our next bond elec­ tion,’’ Dr. Elizondo said. 

TI** bond program would have called for the c o n s tr u c tio n of e ig h t new schools and renovation and air condi­ tioning of existing facilities. 

D istrict o ffic ia ls had p ro je c te d a property tax increase to finance the bond issue from $1.82 per $1o(1 of as- scsstd valuation to $2.1o per SUMI The rate is based on a 6o per cent ratio of assessm ent. 

Only one hotel a p p e a rs definite at this time, with financing assured and construction schedules planned. 
T h re e other m a jo r p ro je c ts have stalled because of financing problem s, a fourth has been shelved and three m ore have quietly died for v a rio u s reasons. 
In the m e a n t im e lo ca l b u s i n e s s leaders and convention executives are wearying of the situation, which they 

Express-News exclusive 

 sa y m ay have frig h te n e d off m ore substantial hotel developers who might have had m ore success. 
“ T h ere’s been a lot of flurrying a r­ ound and no a c t i o n .’ ’ s a id H enry 
N u ssh au m . head of the San Antonio 
Convention and Visitors Bureau. 

Nusshaum said his agency is contin­ uing to p ass up highly lucrative con­ vention business because of inadequate hotel space. 
“ We’re just not going to sell until we have something concrete.’ ’ he added. 
Nusshaum said he felt the city would 

 be em b arrassed ii it obtained a large convention for the future and then had to tell the guests no rooms were a v a i­ lable*. 
He described the current room shor­ tage as “ very, very had.” 
Another source close to the Greater 
San Antonio C h am b er of C om m erce and the C en tro 21 C o m m ittee c o m ­ plained m any of tin* hotel developers should "get their ducks in a row ’’ be­ 

 fore ca llin g p r e s s co n fe re n c e s with announcements. 

"I think many of these projects were simply using the news media as a trial ha I h mn, hoping th**\ could attract fin­ ancing It s becoming a ‘c ry -wolf’ sort of thing and it s not doing the city ’s reputation any g o o d .’ ’ d e c la re d the 

See HOTEL, Rage 12A 
The joy of if all Blood runs in Uganda 

COM PILED FROM WIRT RL PORTS 

Is it me? Lee Ann Bales smiles tensely as she aw aits announcement Saturday of IO finalists in the Miss San Antonio Pageant. That huge grin on the right seconds later left no doubt. She’s a finalist. Miss San Antonio 1977 will be chosen 
March 19. Preliminaries w ere Saturday at McCre- less Shopping City. 

Tension over the future of some 24(1 Americans in Uganda continued to mount Saturday with news of another massacre in the strife-torn African nation. 
The Daily Nation newspaper in Ken­ ya quoted a Ugandan refugee us .saying that Langi tribesm en su sp e c te d ut plotting against Ugandan President idi Amin were strangled and clubbed to death Feb. 18 at K am p a la 's military police headquarters. 
Laredos say 7 

SPECIAL IO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
LAREDO — Mexico and the 
United States renewed friend­ ships here Saturday at the traditional International Bridge 
Ceremony of the Sinh annual 
George Washington’s Birthday 
Celebration. 
Speakers called f«»r closer ties and better understanding to resolve mutual problem s The event was m arked by the tradional “ ab razo" or em b race of friendship between U.S. and M exico dignitaries, including the personal en­ voys of the two presidents. 
Lie. Haul R o d . director M e x ico ’s 

 co n su la r se rv ic e s, re p re se n te d P r e ­ sident Lopez Portillo and I S 
Rep 
Abraham Kazen Jr. did the honors for 
President t arter. 
The ceremony w as.at the m iddle ol the m*w Juarez-Lirieoln International 
B r id g e , which fo rm e r M exico P r e ­ sident Echeverria helped in au gu rate last November. 
The event was shitt«*d to the new and larger span from the old Laredo Inter­ national B rid ge to lessen the p e d e s­ trian and vehicle congestion. Hundreds of visitors from Mexico crossed to L a ­ redo, with v isas this tim e sin ce the 
“ open bridge” policy was removed for this y ear’s celebration. 

U S. D istrict J u d g e R e y n a ld o CL' 
Garza of Brownsville officiated at the ceremony, which was e a r n e d bvt* by radio throughout Mexico and later will be broadcast to Latin A m erica by the 
Voice of America. 

T exas Gov. Dolph B riscoe went to tin* middle Lit the bridge twice to wel­ co m e 
Hie* 
M e x ican g o v e r n o r ol 
Couhuila, Oscar Flores T apia, and ol 
Nuevo Leon, Pedro Zorrilla M artin i/. as well as the lieutenant governor ol 
T a m a u lip a s, M arian o G o n zalez G u ­ tie rre z ...” 
C ro w d s e s t im a t e d at m o re than 
12o,ooo by police jam m ed the streets in sunny, warm and windy weather. 

Members of Stefania s Dance Gallery wiggle with the music as a young admirer dreams of the day she s old enough to do likewise. It happened at Joske s Festival of the Arts Sa­ 

Inside the Express-News 

Yet ie * E x p r e s s 
.......... 
7B 
A r t s ........................ 
Magazine 
B u sin e ss ...............................Section <» 
( tasseled ...........................Section I) 
D e a t h s ................................. 
UC’ 
Dedication Rewarded 
7H 
Editorials....................................... 
HI 
H oroscope 
II 
Ylovies .................... 
Magazine 
P o litics.. 
............................211 
Chuckle 
Sign iii a church parking lot “ We forgive those who tresp ass against us — hut they ll la* towed away just the sam e ” 

^ 
I l l TH YEAR N O . 4 3 

Soap O p e r a s .......................................7B 
Sports ............................ Section S 
Weather 
........................................... ti 
C OLUM NISTS 
Ann L a n d e rs 
.................. I F 
Dan ( o o h ............................................. 2S 
Dan Stepper .....................................HS 
Dear Ybby 
............ tF 
Jack A nderson ..................... all 
Paul thompson ...........................3A 

I Cl OI 

4 em 
I em 

 tATUBOAY § UMPkRAfURki y o tit 
^4 l p m 

N 
4o 

21 8 Pages 

Gas holdout alleged 

EOXY V O W t lM t i SERVICE 

NEW YORK — A private report commissioned by leading ga s utilities has concluded that g a s p ro d u c e rs fulled to bring to market proven re­ serves of ga s in the Gulf of Mexico that would have bi*en equal to much of this winter s cutbacks to consum ers. 
The report was in the form of a two-page “ executive su m m a r y ” for m em bers of the Associated H as Dis­ tributors, a utility trade organization 
The summ ary was to Im* deleted when the full report w as fo rw a rd e d to gov em inent official* 
Inadvertently, however the sum­ mary was included in m aterial setil to tin* Task Force on Natural G as of the 
New York state Assembly that opened hearings Friday on why there was such 

The refugee, Geoffrey M ugabi, said he was in the prison the night of the slaughter and spent the next day with other prison ers loading the m an gled and crushed bodies into trucks. 
In other developments: 

• 
A While House sp o k esm a n w as reported by the A ssociated P r e s s a s saying the U.S. would do "w hatever is necessary” to save lives of A m ericans in Uganda. 
• 
President Amin look note of an 
A m erican naval task force ste a m in g off the (*ast African coast and said he 
“ stiKKl ready to m eet” the naval force if necessary. 
• 
U .S. S e c r e t a r y of S t a te C y r u s 
Vance adopted a deliberately low-key approach in Washington. D C and said he w as a ssu re d that A m erican lives a re not in d a n g e r and that a c r is is could In* averted 
President C arter was kept in close touch with the U ganda situation with fre q u e n t c o n t a c t s with a d v i s e r s through the weekend. 
• There were newspaper reports in 
Kenya that up to 5.ooo p erso n s m ay have been killed in Uganda within the last two weeks. 
P r e sid e n t Amin h a s c a lle d for a meeting Monday in K am pala with the 
24o A m e r ic a n s liv in g in the E a s t 
African country. He has refused to a l­ low any of them to leave prior to the meeting. 

I a 
A m i n 

 o r a b u t e i n * ! ? 

P a g e 2 A 

 b u f f o o n 

P r o f i l e . 

Uganda radio quoted Amin as saying that it had never been his intention to m ake any Americans hostages 
In­ stead, the b road cast reported, Amin wished sim p ly to meet with the *24o 
A m erican s, most of them m iss io n a r ­ ies. to congratulate them on the work they had done for Uganda. 
T h e b r o a d c a s t s a id that 
“ a spokesman for the president wished to m a k e it a b s o lu t e ly c l e a r that the meeting should cause no alarm ” 
T h e r a d io a n n o u n c ed that th e re would Im * a reception for the A m ericans in K am pala with displays of dancing and that Amin w as co n sid erin g b e s­ towing sp ecial m e d als to those U .S. citizens who had contributed to his country’s development 
At the U. S. State Department, offi­ c i a l s g a v e stro n g d e n ia ls of any 
American plan for military interven­ tion in Uganda and U. S. officials said they expected the situation to end peacefully. 
M u g a b i, who told of the L a n g i killings, gave a gru esom e account of 

See UGANDA. P age 12A 

Wright denies warning HBC 

 i * K IM TO IM I I IM H VV N EW S 

WASHINGTON. D C. — House Democratic* leader Jim Wright denies he ever ordered U.S. Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez to get along with Richard Sprague, a spokesman for Rep. Gonzalez said 
Saturday. 

T h e sp o k e sm a n said Rep W right was reacting to com m ents attributed to him Friday in which he was quoted as ordering Gonzalez and S prague to wor k together if they hoped to save the 
House Select Committee on A ssa ssin a ­ tions. 
Gonzalez is com m ittee chairm an and 
Sprague serves as chief investigator 
Gonzalez tried to fire Sprague F eb Pi, hut w as blocked by other committee* m em bers. 
“ I have no |H»wer to order com m ittee m e m b e r s or sta ff to do a n y th in g .” 
Wright said. according to the sp o k es­ man . 
“ I sim ply m ade recom m endations to settle the conflict, with the hope that all parties can now Im* able to get on with the job of investigating as sa ss in ­ ations,’ the spokesm an quoted Wright as saving. 

Dream 
TV prize 

 a severe natural g a s shortage this winter. 
The summary report said of 1o5 offshore louisiana leases that had been held by producers for at least five years, only a third, or 35, had been brought to production although all had been classified as producible by the 
United Stall's Geological Survey 
“ We place the reserve potential of the leases under study at som e eight trillion cubic feet,” the private su m ­ mary said. “ with a potential deliver- ability of a (billioni cubic feet per <1a> 
(a substantial fraction of the 1976-77 winter level of interstate pipeline cu r­ tailments i, which seem in g!* could be m ad e availab le in relatively short older, it would ap(iear, where em ph a­ sis placed on promptly bringing these known reserves to market. 

No H ied 

Wright said no suggestions he made have any effect until they arc enacti*d by the com m ittee itself 
“ Obviously, this carmot be done in the absence of the com m ittee’s ch air­ man who is severely ill and confined to his h o m e in Hun A nton io ** the spokesm an quoted Wright 
Wright said he could not usurp Gon­ zalez’ prerogatives, nor those of Hie committee m em bers, iii the matter 
The com m ittee was established last year to investigate I he* a s s a s s in a t i o n s iR President John F Kennedy and civ ii rights le a d e r Martin Luther King J r 
The co m m ittee was re-estab lish ed during this t dngresstunal session hut is s c h e d u le d lo die March 31 u n le ss the 

House* votes lo continue the probe 

This m a y be yours 

 lf you’re enter* d in the E xp ress I and N e w s’ giant $51,o6o S w e e p - ! s t a k e s *77, th is m ay be a v e r y ! lucky day fur yuu . . . you may I have already won a beautiful n e w ! 
Sony vid eocassette recorder v a - l turd at $1,337 
 paper to see ii yours is the lucky I 
S o c ia l S ec u rity n u m b e r in l b e | 
Bonus Number slot. 
Included in the prize is a digital tim er that allows you to record while you a re aw ay and not watching the set and three c a s ­ settes with 2‘ a hours of tape. tither prizes include a trip lur two lo M exieo I l l y . sp e n d in g money for the trip and bon uses worth thousands of doUars 

- 
— 
— 
- - - 

 ii 

" l f 

I 

San A ntonio EXPR ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 2 7 19 7 7 

AU having fun 
Ali’s clan having too much fun? 

CHICAGO — Several fundraising tours by world heavyw eight boxing champion M uham m ad All to Arab na­ tions on behalf of the Nation of Islam failed because of drunken and sexual d eb a u ch e ry by m e m b e rs of his e n ­ tourage, says a com plaint iii federal court. 
C onstantine b an g les, the attorney who filed the suit Friday on behalf of a foreign fundraising corporation, would not say whether Alt himself acted iii the m anner described by the suit. 
The complaint asks $:> million in da­ m ages for Garland M Taylor, of < hi- cago, and his firm, the American Ara­ bian Investment Co. 
Attorneys for the Nation of Islam and 
Ali were unavailable for comment. 

The Queen went that-a-way 

W ELLIN G TO N . New 
Z ealand - 
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip received an enthusiastic welcome to 
New Zealand's capital city Saturday afternoon. 
More than 8.(MKI people thro n g ed 
W e llin g to n ’s civic s q u a re for the 
Queen and Prince P hilip’s 2o-minute walk among flag-waving children and applauding adults. 
The royal couple is to u rin g C om ­ monwealth countries for two weeks in honor of the 25th anniversary of the queen’s coronation. 
V t 

QUEEN ELIZABETH 
NewsPeople 

Gromyko still ill? 

Since he has not been seen in public for at least five weeks, there is specu­ lation in the diplomatic community i i i 
Moscow that the Soviet foreign minis­ ter, Andrei A. Gromyko, may bi* ser- 
I iously ill. “ He’s not available and lie s 
I out of action," said one Western diplo- 
I mat. Gromyko, who is o7 years old, has 
I been foreign m inister for 2o years 

Rosalynn’s new jungle dress 

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico - First Lady 
Rosulynn (-arter will receive a specially tailored “ jungle" print long dress from 
Puerto Rico’s first lady Hate Romero at a White House luncheon next Monday. 
The cotton and dacron caftan, with a bold and colorful handsereened print depicting the giant ferns of the island’s El Yunque rain for­ est, was created by the Puerto Hico Design 
Institute. 
Mrs. Komero will make the presentation at a luncheon for the wives of the governors of the 5o states and Puerto Rico, government officials said She is accompanying her husband. Gov. 
Carlos Romero Ban d o , to the winter meeting of the National Governor’s Conference. 

M OmI tty KON STBA IT 

ROSALYNN CARTER 

Fanne down south for movie try 

BUENOS 
.AIRES. 
Argentina 
- 
Fanne P'oxe, the Argentine-born strip­ per once romantically linked to former 
U.S. Rep. W ilbur M ills, has com e hom e to m a k e a m o v ie, and local newspapers say she is in love with her director. 
The 41-sear-old Miss P’oxe, whose real nam e is Annabel Battistella, a r­ rived late T hursday from New York where she lives, and is scheduled to begin filming next week. 
She told reporters that the movie is a light comedy and musical in which she will do a strip-tease number. Its title is the Spanish equivalent of “ Take Care 
Of What’s Up Front. 
One newspaper quoted Miss P'oxe as saying that she plans to m arry Rafael 
Cohen, the director. 
From pew to politics 

ATLANTA - The Rev. Clennon King, who drew nationwide attention when he tried to integrate President C arter’s church in Plains, has qualified to run for the congressional seat vacated by 
U N. Ambassador Andrew Young. 
The Rev. Mr. King, from Albany, 
(la., said he would establish residency in Young’s district by checking into an 
Atlanta hotel. 
King is the seventh c a n d id a te to qualify for the election March 15. 
A state election supervisor said F ri­ day th e m in is te r q u a lified for the election as a pauper, signing an affi­ davit certify in g he can n o t pay the 
SI..‘IOO registration fee. 

Carter will cam paign to; ratify ERA 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — 
Jim m y 
Carter, who wants to bo rem em bered us a president who helped elim inate sex d iscrim ination, has m ounted a quiet campaign for ratification of the 
FRjual Rights Amendment. 
The command post is a tiny office on the second floor of the White House, w here p resid en tia l as s is ta n t M ark 
Siegel is keeping close w atch over three key states that vote soon on the amendment. 
Thirty-five states have ratified Eli A and three more are needed by March 
22, 1979. for the amendment to become part of the Constitution. 
Rescinded 
Three states — Nebraska, Tennessee and Idaho — have rescinded their ra ­ tification votes, but the legality of that move has not been tested and is not expected to be challenged until the required 38 ratification votes, includ­ ing those three, are collected. 
The Carter forces hope that North 
Carolina, Florida and Oklahoma will put it over the top. 
Before he was nom inated. C urter promised a group of women leaders that he would push for ratification. 
Ju st as Lyndon Johnson is r e m e m ­ bered for his efforts to end racial dis­ crimination. Carter added, he wants to be known for his fight against sex dis­ crimination. 
Siegel, a deputy a s s is ta n t to the 
President for policy planning, co m ­ pares C a rte r’s e n d o rse m en t of the 
ERA to his recent letter of support for 
Russian dissident Andrei Sakharov. 
While the P re s id e n t’s feelings on 
Soviet hu m an rig h ts are now well known, Siegel said in an interview , 
“ it's also not unusual for him to make a s ta te m e n t on h u m a n r ig h ts in 
America. He classifies the ERA as a positive statement on human rights.’’ 
Amin: Buffoon or butcher? 

A S S O C IA T E PRISS 
Who is t his man 
F ield M arshal Idi 
Amin, who dares do the things he does and say the things he says? 

“ I am a pure son of 
Africa.” says Idi Amin 
"Tile greatest brute an 
African mother has over brought to life ,’’ sa y s 
M ilton 
D hole, whom 
Amin ousted as Uganda's p resid e n t on J a n 
25. 

1971 
"An incredible person 
(who) c e rta in ly is n ’t mad ..Very shrewd, very cu n n in g and a born leader, lf In* vias to be m urdered in 111 days, I w auld not be surprised lf 

 he lasted ll) y e a rs . I would not be surprised," said Map lain Grahame, 
A m in ’s fo rm e r c o m ­ m a n d er in the B ritish arm y . afte r a visit to 
Uganda in 1975 
Dr. Id i Amin D ad u ’s 

A handsome service for 4 in 4 favorite 

 patterns. (Left to right) Galveston, St. Louis, 
Plym outh Rock and Orlando. Sets contain 
4 each: dinner knives and forks, salad forks, soup spoons and teaspoons. A ll in beautifully crafted, quality stainless steel-arid it's dishwasher safe! 
5-pc. M atching Hostess Set, 

Reg. 1o.75, Now 8.6o. Silver. 

No/th Star & Wonderland Shop Mon.-Sat. IO to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. An <Am#ec 
Company. 

 y ea rs of ab so lu te power—he is president for life—have been marked by accusations of terrible brutality and buffoonery, leaving in the m inds of m any outside 
Uganda the im age of a tr a g i c o m i c natio n al leader. 
It is said Idi Amin s 
I ganda is a nation living in terror—a place where, it has been charged, that 
5o.ooo to JOH.(NIO persons have been massacred in the last six years. But these charges lune never have been fully docum ented and m any tim es the charges have com e from foreign leaders or others who are politically opposed to 
Amin. News is rigidly censored in Uganda anil travel there by Western correspondents is sharp­ ly restricted. 
Last week 
Idi 
Amin—humiliated by last J u ly ’s Israeli com ­ mando raid on Entebbe to rescue hostages of a h ijacked 
Air 
F ra n c e jetliner—was again m ak­ ing headlines around tin* world 
It began with his charges that a plot was afoot in 
U ganda to overthrow him. Anglican 
A rchbishop 
-I a fin i 
Low urn of U ganda and two government officials were accused of taking part in the plot, and sh o rtly a fte rw a rd the 
U gandan g o v ern m e n t radio an n o u n ced they w ere killed in an a u ­ tomobile crash while try­ ing to o verpow er the driver. Amin called it “ a punishment of God." But other so u rce s claim ed the th ree m en w ere killed. 
A 
T an z a n ia n gov em in en t new spapcr said Amin himself shot the archbishop. He den­ ied lilts 
Amin then claimed the 
United States, Britain or 
Israel—he did not specify which on e—planned to send p ara tro o p ers into 
Uganda from an aircraft carrier to kill leading of­ ficials and to seize several towns. He also charged that un invasion force had been mounted by neighboring T anzan­ ia. 
Then on Friday, alter 
P re sid e n t ( a r te r told reporters in Washington that events in U ganda 
’’d isg u ste d the e n tire civilized wm id ’’ Amin barred the 24o or so Am­ ericans the State Depart­ ment says are living in 
Uganda from leaving hi> 
Country aud o rd e red them to a meeting with hun Munday in Kampala, the capital. 
Message 
At the sa m e tim e, 
Amin sent P re s id e n t 
( arter a lengthy message suggesting that the Unit­ ed States consider what 

 he called its own human rights crim es before in­ volving itself in Ugandan affairs. 
It w as only last 
November that Rh Amin was claim ing credit for the election of J im m y 
Carter to the American presidency. He had said that his announced su p p o rt of 
C a rte r pro m p ted 
A m erican blacks to vote for him. 
T hro u g h the y e a rs 
Amin. a former Ugandan heavyw eight boxing ch am p io n , has th ru st himself into world head­ lines. 
• 
He has said 
Hi­ tler was "rig h t to burn six million Jews.” 
•He fired 
Princess 
P.lizabetlt 
B ag ay a. a form er m odel and a c ­ tress. un his foreign min­ ister after charging that she had sexual relations in the rest room of a P a­ ris airport with a white man on her way hom e from the United Nations. 
The princess and P'rench officials ca lle d tin* charge absorb 
•In a move to put 
Uganda’s economy fully in the hands of nationals. he expelled 4o,(MN) Asians who had B ritish p a s ­ sports i i i 1972. 
•He brought charges ag ain st 
B ritish re- searcher Denis Hills for w riting in an u n p u b ­ lished m an u scrip t that 

 the Ugandan diplomatic delegation from 
W a­ shington. 
'T h e re a re c e rta in th in g s you ju st c a n ’t tolerate, and having the rep rese n tativ e s of this killer in the United States is one of them .” 
“ All men are both good and bad and presidents are also m en,” Idi Amin once said. “ We must re­ spect our p re s id e n ts , even if they become so bad we have to remove them . We m ad e th em presidents, if they were bad we have ourselves to blame.” 
Sorceress 

Most biographies say 
Amin was born some­ time in 1925— they don’t know exactly when— in the Moslem and Kakvva tribal district of extreme northwest Uganda. The b io g rap h ies say his m o th er, who had a reputation as a sorceress, left the area when Idi was very young and that he had little contact with his lather, a |H*usant farmer. 
But Amin told a differ­ ent story at a meeting in 
1975 of the Organization of 
A frican 
Unity in 
Kampala. 
He said he was horn in 
1928 in a police barracks that once stood ut the site of the m eetin g . 
He claimed his father was a pollee sergeant. 
From the begin n in g o f his rule Amin resorted to outrageous rhetoric and general clowning 

Amin was a v illage tyr­ ant. An U gandan court sentenced Hills to death, and only after the inter­ vention of the British and 
Zaire governm ents, did 
Amin spare the Briton s life. 
Landlocked 
Amin governs a land­ locked nation that is about the size of Oregon. 
Because of its mountains and lakes the East-Central 
A frican n ation s o m e ­ times is culled the Swit­ zerland of Africa. Its ii ti million |M'opie come from various A frican trib e s and they make their living mostly off the land. A chief export is coffee. 
Last year U ganda sold 
2.43 m illion 132-pound bags of coffee abroad. 
But the leadership aud personality of Idi Amin are what has m ade 
U ganda a known word around tile world. 
"A stench comes forth from ev e ry th in g a s ­ sis lated with Rh Amin.” said Dr Thomas Melody, the lust A m erican a m ­ bassador to Uganda, who called on 
P re s id e n t 
(’arte r F rid a y lo expel 

Biographers say he had only a p a rtia l g ra d e school education before joining the 
K i n g s 
African Rifles in 1948. when Uganda was a Bri­ tish protectorate. 
“ I never had any for­ mal education—not even a n u rsery school c e r ­ tificate,” lie once said in an interview. “ True. But sometimes I know more than do cto rs of p h ilo ­ sophy because us a mili­ tary man I know how lo act. I am a m an of a c ­ tion ” 
At ti feet, 4 inches tall and weighing 25o pounds. 
Amin was prime soldier material 
From the beginning OI his rule Amin resorted to outrageous rhetoric and general clowning. 
Lecturing lits propensity for lec­ tor mg world leaders led him to wish President 
R ich ard M 
Nixon “ a speedy recovery” from the W a te rg a te a ffa ir, suggest that P re sid en t 
Gerald R Ford choose a black vice president and advise A rab s la te s to 
“train kamikaze inlets to 

The 3o-year-old Siegel, a former ex­ ecutive director of the Democratic Na­ tional Committee, says he is personally interested in the ERA. 
“ I’m a feminist, and my wife is a feminist,’’ he says. “ I have a son and a daughter, and to me, they’re equal. I want this nation to treat them equal­ l y ” 
White House efforts in N evada on behalf of the ERA were unsuccessful earlier (his month when the a m e n d ­ ment was defeated in the state legisla* ture. The P re sid e n t had sent tele* gram s to all state senators and most of the assembly, he called three senators who were wavering and he spoke tvv iii* with Gov. Mike O’Callaghan. 
Interior Secretary Cecil Andrus con­ tacted several lawmakers, Mrs. Carter called the wife of a legislator, and Judy 
Carter, wife of the Carter’s son. Jack, testified on behalf of the ERA. 
In his message to some Democratic members. Carter expressed sympathy with pressures applied by opponents of the p]RA but added: “ I want you to know just how important it is to me, our party and my adm inistration.” 

To other la w m a k e rs, he sa id r a ­ tification of the ERA is crucial. 

Despite the presidential lobbying, the State Assembly on Feb. 12 rejected the amendment, 24-15. 

The North Carolina Senate will vote on the ERA this week, and Siegel Is assessing what personal lobbying ef­ forts. if any. the P re s id e n t should make. 

S ecre ta ry of C o m m erce J u a n i t a 
Keeps, whose home is in North C a­ rolina. testified on behalf of the ERA before tho state Senate last week, and 
Mrs. Carter has telephoned Gov. Jim 
Hunt, a strong ERA advocate. 
Approved 
The N orth C aro lin a 
House narrow ly ap- jiroved the ERA on Feb. 
9. 
Siegel regards person­ al presidential lobbying as a prec ious resource to be used only when a b ­ solutely necessary. 
“We have to he careful because one of the issues raised by ERA opponents is c riticism of outside in­ tervention in a state,” he says. 
P h y llis Sehlafly, n a ­ tional chairman of an or­ g anization called Stop 
ERA, has accused Ro- salynn Carter of violating states rights by making calls from the W hite 
House to sta te le g is la ­ tors. 
Siegel stresses that the 
President does not coerce or intimidate. The m es­ sage is said to be posi­ tive. 
“The opponents of the amendment are turning its language around to make it extremely threa­ tening to family life and the legal b en e fits of w o m en ,” Siegel says. 
“ The President is saying that the ERA will not de­ trac t in any way from human rights but add to them.” 
Governors 
Siegel has talked with 
Reubin Askew and Dav id 
Boren, the governors of 
Florida and Oklahom a, about ERA’s chances in their states. Both execu­ tives are Democrats and both support the am end­ ment. 
Askew re p o rted ly is 
’’reasonably optim istic” about the vote of the 
Florida legislature, ex- petted in mid-April. 
Oklahoma, which will probably vote soon after­ ward. is “ very c lo se.” 
Siegel says. But if O k­ lahoma proves to be the lust state needed to ratify the am endm ent, ERA's ch a n ce s would be e n ­ hanced. he adds. 

IDI AMIN 

 heat Israel.” 
Amin's clowning could not drown out 
Du* charges of brutality. 
W itnesses and o th er accounts of tribal m a s­ s a c r e s and sy ste m a tic extermination of Ins op­ ponents filtered out from 
Uganda. 

Prisoners wen* said to have been s le d g e h a m ­ m e r to death in jails and d is m e m b e re d corpses fed to crocodiles in the Nile. Judges were reported bundled into car tru n k s and never seen again. 

Concern for his own security prom pts Amin to move about u nder tight guard Opposition to ills rule has resulted in at least eight assassina­ tion attem p ts. In 1978, grenades were tossed at 
Ins ear, killing hts driver and w ounding 37 ( i s ­ landers. 

F rien d s concede that 
Amin is c a p a b le of bewildering explosions of energy and personality. 
He w orks 14 or m ore hours a day, Hying ti) the remotest parts of Uganda and d riv in g him self around Kampala 

 lie lias m a rrie d five wives and divorced three of them, fathering an es­ timated 28 or mort* chil­ dren. 

T E N S 
TIKIS *2 

J DA TV IXMfSS-S DATS NfWS 
Call 
225-1666 

L a w n sB e a u ty . 
NURSERY 
865o Bandera load 

St. Augustin* (C arpet) 
O 
< 
G RA SS 
.'UU PA t i l t ...............O wS I* H- 
LISS THAN A HIU. M U H ............................ .VT « *. H 

A tM A T A M 
HIU M i u t 
I . S O ** f * 
U M THAM A HIU r Al l l I 
............. .. 
I . * • MI* »<• 
U VI OAK TRMS ie*, ooh. 
I trip!* trout .....................................................* 1 2 1 awl ap- 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Como Vin! Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with 

 everyday •‘FARM TO Y O U '' 
PRICES And SAVEII 

AO P O U C H 

 t t u a a 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 8 

PAUL 
THOMPSON 

NEW YORK - Percy E llis 
Sutton, one of the sharpest and best, certainly the m ost talked-about black ever born in 
San Antonio, wasn’t run out of his home town as a youth. He simply opted to leave. 

Today he’s president of the Borough of 
Manhattan and the first officially entered candidate for mayor of New York with a real shot at winning. Old S.A. could sure use two or three like him right1 about now1. 

Okay, so why did Sutton shake his native dust back in the late ’3os? 
“ It wasn’t a matter of hate, bitterness or anything analogous. I got out in order to be what a black in the San Antonio area couldn’t be then — a college student,” he said mat­ ter-of-fact ly. 

Percy Sutton’s showing them all 

“Afterwards, tor reasons just as obvious, there was no point in returning.” 

I interviewed Percy Sutton in his down­ town Manhattan office suite. He’s an urbane man of easy warmth and a full, rich, almost hypnotic voice. He can really talk, this man 
The words roll out of his mouth, as someone once said, “ like little helium balloons” — with a vocabulary to match. 
But under the g racio usness and the virtuoso delivery, as Big Apple pols have long since found, lies the cat-quick mind of a tough and unbending pragmatist. 
Sample: I asked Sutton if Alex Haley’s TV epic “ Hoots” hadn’t produced a groundswell of public sympathy for blacks that could help his New York campaign. 
“ Forget it,” he shot back. “ This is a hard town, unsentimental, with a broad diversity of ethnic groups, none commanding more import or pull with voters than the rest. 
“Nothing on TV or in a book can, will or — carrying it a step further — should change that." 

With a wink, he added: “ If elected, it will be on the basis of my well-known capacities 
— a skilled negotiator, good sound adminis­ 

 trator and fiscal expert at a time of great need.” 
Sutton’s memories of his boyhood in San 
Antonio are a mixture of sweet nostalgia and deep devouring revulsion at all the guff a black had to put up with in those days of .lim 
Crow and second rate citizenship in Texas 
“We were known as ‘coloreds’ then, and whites in the Alamo City didn’t want us ar­ ound,” he says. 
“ Looking back, it seem s as though I couldn’t get in anywhere. And that went for public facilities like theaters or concert halls as well as private places of business like ham-and-egg restaurants. 

“ Movie houses had crow’s nests then. small, cramped and crummy lofts with their own concession stands. It was that or no vestige of public entertainment for the ‘co­ loreds.’” 

Fifty-six-year-old Sutton said it would have been near-suicidal for a black to rebel or act up in those days. 
“Thanks to my wonderful father and mother, I became a professional survivor. I decided to take it. that is, in order to make it. 
But you’ve no idea how galling it could be to 

 have some lout, clearly inferior in every important way. tap you on the shoulder on a trolley car or bus, and order, ‘Move out, boy, and make it fast!’ ” 
Sutton said blacks traveling by automobile then had to pack food or suffer hunger pangs en route. 
“ Fating places and rest stops along tilt' road weren’t about to accommodate us. ll s hard for Americans today, even in Texas, to believe how dehumanizing it was. 
“ And for me, it was all the more mystify­ ing because our comfortable family home was in a partly integrated area, at Cherry and Dawson streets, where I was fully ac­ cepted by resident whites and 
Mexican-Americans. 
“But once I left that section of town, I was a pariah, a social leper.” 
Ile reserves a special animus for the San 
Antonio prohibition of that period against black youngsters visiting Brackenridge Park and the zoo there. 
“ We were allowed in once a year — on 
.nineteenth, or June 19, the day in 1865 when slav es in Texas were finally set free. 
“On all other days, we black kids had to watch the enormously captivating zoo ani­ mals from afar. I particularly recall a cuddly 

 little brown bear guarded by a police­ man on un open zoo lot 
“ Lord, how I wanted to get in and play with that bear. I was eight years old, as I re ­ member, and heartbroken over the distance between us. I just knew the delightful little bear, given a chance, would love me as I loved him. 
“But no. I kept hovering... and hovering. 
But it wasn’t to he." 
With a strange, almost mystic gleam in his “ eye, man-of-the-world Percy Sutton harks back to what happened next. 
“ My mind for the very first time turned to thoughts of politics,” he said, and explained 
“ I began spuming a boyhood fantasy, al­ ways the same, a lovely, soul-satisfying daydream iii which I grew up to be mayor of 
San Antonio and then, as my Number One official act. I fired the cop guarding my friend, the little brown b e a r .” Well, of course, that wasn’t to be either. 
The cop was never fired, at least not by 
Sutton, and tin* San Antonio-born descendant of a slave went on to peg his youthful fantasy a whole heap of notches higher — to be mayor of the biggest city of them all 
! 
And when you come right down to it, it’s not really that fantastic any more, is it? 
» 
COPS hits 
The Suttons of San Antonio: plan on gas settlem ent 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
Mayor Lila Cockrell has a responsibility to confront 
Gov. Dolph Briscoe about a ceiling on the cost of gas, the 
Communities Organized for Public Service president said 
Saturday. 

From slavery to leadership 

“Just as we (COPS) confront the mayor, she should confront the governor,” Beatrice Gallego said. “ She has a responsibility to the citizens of San Antonio to do so. 
“The COPS’ position has been not to sign the gas settlem ent until the demands of bringing the governor and the Railroad Commission before the citizens are met so we can get a ceiling on the gas. 
“ Now the mayor is calling a 7:3o a m. meeting Monday to decide on the gas settlement. What is the big rush?” 
Decision deadline 
Mrs. Gallego said San Antonio had until Ju n e 3o to m ake a decision whether to accept the out of court settlement with Coastal States Gas 
Corp. and Lo-Vaca Gathering Co. 
“ We object to any closed-door deci­ sion making," she said. 
“ There should be an open, public meeting so the citizens can see how the decision was reached.” 
The president said she was certain the meeting would not be an informa­ tional one. “There is no such thing as a closed-door informational meeting. 
“ Any decisions concerning major issues in San Antonio have been made behind closed doors,” Mrs. Gallego said. 
Mrs. Gallego said there were pos­ sibilities COPS would be at the meet­ ing. “ At this point in time we are not sure. W'e will wait until Monday before planning counteraction.” 
“ The whole thing smells. It is ob­ vious she is bowing to Oscar Wyatt and all the ‘I owe you s.’ 
“ Money has a bigger influence in the city of San Antonio then the suffering 

Sunday ideas 

'Indoors, 
.outdoors, all around the River City 

T / i c r e should he un open , p u b lic m eetin g so the ci­ tizens can see how the deci­ sion was reached' 

 of the people. The mayor is not think­ ing of the citizens who are on fixed incom es and who have to decide whether to buy food or pay their bills. 
“ The mayor committed herself at the public hearing and again at Mon­ day’s meeting with COPS leaders to bring the governor and the Railroad 
Commission to San Antonio to address the cost of gas before signing the gas settlement. 
“ The mayor asks tor cooperation and w hen we cooperate, this is w hat we get — closed door meetings and closed door decisions. 
“ We protest the way the gas sett­ lement is being handled by the mayor and we demand that she follow up on her promises and committments to the citizens.” 
Percy Sutton 

By JIM MCCRORY 
It’s a lontf way from a small, sun-baked San Antonio farm to a viable candidacy for mayor of 
New York City. 

If the candidate is black, grandson of a slave and raised in an environment where he couldn’t use city parks be­ cause he was black, the way is even longer. 
But Percy Sutton, president of Man- hatten Borough, made the jump, and this year stands for mayor of The Big 
Apple. 
Election to that post, of course, would make Sutton the most powerful black politician in the nation, the one in closest position ever to make a race on down the road for the presidency of the U. S. 
Percy Sutton’s mercurial rise is one of the most remarkable progressions in American history, but it is only a chapter in a saga of upward mobility by a family exceptional by any stan­ dards—the Suttons of San Antonio 
The Manhattan Borough president was the youngest child in a family that 
Hearing on revenue funds set for Monday 

I event*. otner indicated tor you and your fam ily today I 
T H EA T ER — 
Nt-n Simon y 
C om e Bio* Tour 
Morn at T neater San A ntonio at 2 JO p rn Tic»eH a re Si SO tor senior citizens and Si SO tor adults. 
B A L L E T — 
Son A ntonio B o u et C om p o n y s 
Gisetie at 3 P rn in tne in c a rn a te W ord College 
Auditorium Tickers a re Vt tor adults an d Si SO tor cntldren under I i. 
C O N C ERT — 
$i« m u s ic ia n s fro m tn e San 
Antonio Svm onony youpu A rtists A uditions at 3 p m . in I n c a r n a te W ord C o lle g e s P a le s t r in a 
Recital Man 
TH EA TER — 
St A n d re* . M etnodist C fiurcn s 
G adsden oi 6 JO P rn at 111 R oom hood P lac e 
Admission * ith Duffel is Si SO and Si SO 
T H EA T ER — 
W etadram o Inhaler s 
G aslight 
G aieties at 6 IS p rn 
Tickets a re Si tor ad u lts and Si SO tor children under Ii 
GANCE CONCERT — The Luis R ivera D onee 
C om pany and the Son Antonio S ym phony of I 3o 
•'X/ rn at the Theater tor the P erfo rm in g A rts 
TH EA TER — 
C hurch T heater s 
An in sp ecto r 
‘Calls at 3 p m at USO S A lam o St 
Tickets a re 
‘ s i 
O PEN HOUSE —■ 
Sun A ntonio C o n serv atio n 
’ Society s celeb ratio n of Jose A ntonio N a v a rro s birthday from I Kl I p m at iii! S L ared o St 

Crystal misconduct charges dismissed 

Charge*!* of official m isconduct against former Crystal City school’s 
‘ Supt Angel Noe Gonzalez have been 
* dismissed. 
* 
One of the prosecutors Earl Cadded said they were dismissed because prosecution already brought out 
* evidence concerning these charges at the last week s trial against Gonzalez in Brownsville. 
Gonzalez Friday was found innocent of theft u\er $2oo by a 297th district court jury. 

A public hearing on proposed uses for some $7.Ii million in revenue sharing funds will be at 
7:3o p.m. Monday in the Fiesta 
Hoorn of the Convention Center, according to City Mgr. Thomas 
E. Huebner. 

City Council has approved a calendar of events, ending with formal action 
April 7, on the required budget modifications for revenue sharin g funds from the eighth entitlement period. 
The Office of Revenue Sharing of the 
U.S. Department of the Treasury has confirmed allocation of $7,683,792 for the city. Huebner said. 
Comments 
Interested citizens may present oral and written comments at the public hearing on the proposed uses of cur­ rent revenue sharing funds, Huebner noted to the city manager and finance director 
On March IO, Huebner will present to council his proposed use of revenue sharing funds and a modification plan to the city budget as req u ired by federal law. 
Following council work sessions on the proposed uses, an ordinance is to 

Vehicles banned in 
Rom e’s center cityrn 

RONO' (AP) — More than 2,ooo years after Julius Caesar tried it, 
Rome’s Marxist government banned vchicles Saturday from part of the city’s historic and eternally clogged center. 
Congestion and pollution were cited as reasons for closing part of the right bank of the Tiber River to all cars but those of residents and trucks supplying 
Imal stores 
The zone includes the Piazza Far- nest*, site of the French Embassy, and the square of Cam|M> dei Fiori, both 
(topular tourist areas 
Along with areas dosed off some 2<l years ago, alxiut 46o acres of the center city arc now off limits to most traffic. t amar decreed “ no wheeled vehicles whatsoever within the city” in 44 B C, 
Since then, various popes ami even 
Dictator Mussolini have tried it with varying degrees of success, 

 be passed on March 17 setting a public hearing for April 5 on the budget modification which allocates the funds, 
Huebner said. 
The adopted budget calendar then specifies formal council action on 
April 7, enacting the budget modifica­ tion which allocates the revenue shar­ ing funds. 
The final budget as enacted by council will In* available for public in­ 

 spection within 3o days of enactment. 
Federal law specifies senior citizens and their groups be provided an op­ portunity to be heard and present their views on revenue sharing allocations. 
To assist this effort, the Metropoli­ tan San Antonio Nutrition Project will provide transportation for representa­ tives from its 24 congregate sites to and from the public hearing Monday, 
Huebner said. 

San A ntonio's own Roots 

 produced 15 children, all born iii the same family home in the black com­ munity on the East Side of San Anton­ io. 
Achievers 
It was, and rem ains, a family of achievers not only assimilated into the mainstream under adverse conditions, but coming into positions of power based on the tenacity and capabilities of its individual members 
Along the way, education was the key and politics was the door by which members of the family moved ahead. 
The sturdy branch of the Sutton fa­ mily tree was Samuel Johnson Sutton and his wife, Mrs. Lillian Violet Smith 
Sutton. 
Samuel Sutton came to San Antonio from Richmond, Va., son of a former slave and dock worker who vowed his son would never undergo what he went through in his lifetime. 
Lillian Sutton came from a French 
Creole family in New Orleans, and she met Samuel while a student in one of his classes at a small college in 
Seguin. 
Indians 
John Sutton, now 79 and the oldest child born lo the Suttons, said his father came to Texas in search of his roots. The grandfather, .John explains, had heard there were Suttons who moved to Texas and integrated with the Indians. Sam uel’s search, John reports, took him into Mexico before he finally settled in Texas. 
Percy and John Sutton differ on the status of their father. Percy, the youn­ gest child, insists his father was horn a slave. John, a retired biochemist and scientist specializing in agriculture, insists it isn’t so. Records are unclear on the m atter, although one family background report says Samuel Sutton was born in 1863 The same record re­ flects Mrs Lillian Sutton was born in 
•873 
A d au g h ter, Mrs. Lillian Sutton- 
Taylor (she uses the double family lame) tends to agree with John that heir father was lairn a free man 
Mrs. Sutton-Taylor, a widow, is re­ cognized as the family historian and he one child credited most after the 
>arents themselves for the education 
»f her younger brothers and sisters. 
’Couldn't be’ 
“ Father couldn’t have been a slave,” 
>he explains. “ Percy has it wrong lie’s the baby of the family and knows less about it. He came late and left 
*arly.” 
Both 
John 
Sutton and 
Mrs. 
Sutton-Taylor tell a fascinating talc on ane of the founding ancestors, the man 

 who may have been the patriarch of the family. 
John, who now lives in New York and is administrator of the Sutton Fund for 
Educational 
Research. 
Inc . i i i between lecturing and writing, reports his great grandfather, was Pierre Sui ton, an English sea captain who rode a slave ship plying its trade between 
Afriea and Norfolk, Va The captain, 
John says, retirer! and settled iii Nor­ folk. 
“ We’re the Suttons of E ngland,” 
John Sutton laughs. 
He notes that brother Percy’s son is named Pierre after the old sea captain 
Forced 
The children of Captain Sutton, John insists, were pressed into slavery after his death, and remained in sla­ very until the Emancipation Procla­ mation and the Civil War. 
Mrs. Sutton-Taylor generally sub­ stantiates John iii his story of the family antecedents, including Captain 
Sutton and his connection with the slave trade. 
“ Daddy told us as it was told to him," sin* said. 
Here is what John Sutton has to say about Captain Sutton and the woman he claims was his great grandmother: 
“ According to information given us by Samuel Johnson Sutton, our father, our great grandfather was a Captain 
Pierre Sutton, an Englishman, a white, captain on one of the last English slave ships. 
“Our great grandmother was a slave of Pierre Sutton, a beautiful young girl of A frican arid A m erican Indian ancestry. Captain Sutton is said to have died and left his children, a boy and two girls, free, but they were pressed into slavery after his death.” 
Educator 
Samuel and Lillian Sutton came to 
San Antonio in 1893. Ile became tbt* city’s first black high school principal and remained principal for 
3o years Ills wife also was a leacher for a few years until their marriage 
Pupils recall Samuel Sutton’s philo­ sophy was simple, and easily remem­ bered. “ Do right,” he said. To a stu­ dent shining Ins shoes during one of 
Sutton’s classes, Samuel Sutton ad­ vised: “ Son, son. shine your brain al­ so.” 
Samuel and Lillian Sutton became parents of 15 children, all born in the old family home on th** city’s East 
Side Th** location now is the site for th** family-owned mortuary business. 
One of the first blacks in the South to serve on a grand jury the immediate 
Reconstruction era. Samuel Sutton augmented his teaching and adminis­ trative income by becoming Involved iii operating a grocery store, a shoe store, and a skating rink. Al the rink. 

Dance the day aw a y 

LYNN CO LLINS of Col© High School dances happily near the end of the Youth for Easter Seals 24-hour dance marathon Saturday at 
Windsor Park Mall. Dancing couples raised money for the Easter 
Seal Society by enlisting sponsors to pledge financial support for each hour they danced. — Staff Photo by Steve Campbell 

 appa^oi2cy 

Taking root in Pappagallo s garden of beautiful style and blooming in colorific splendor! Come in now and see the natural material combinations that ore a hummm with fashion for spring! The famous Bandy Sandal now comes in over 
18 colors, ours exclusively . . , 24.oo 
THE HARRIS SHOP 
KOR PAPPAGALIjO ' 

 a n o N N ( W M A U N H I S 
M a H trC h a rf t mnd B w W A m erw erU a « « « p ttd # 

^ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sun February 27 1977 

A kabuki-type mime and dance, with ac­ tors wearing masks and traditional Ja­ panese makeup is presented by 
The 
Educational 
Arts 
Clearing 
House 
(TEACH), at left, while children give their rapt attention to 
‘The Mother Goose 
Review,’ presented by the Little People 
Puppet Co., at right, during Joske’s Festi­ val of the 
Arts 
Saturday 

 ksiI ii 

4it 

SALE! 

Jamison sleep sofas in ten handsome styles now at great savings of 1oo.oo to 15o.oo! 
299OO to 599 OO 

Orig. 399.oo-649.oo. Beautiful lamison sleeper sofas to accent your den or living room are specially priced for savings! 
Choose from velvet Herculon1^ olefin, cotton florals, solids and prints. All feature built in 
Jamison quality with extras like tilt up TV headrest, and high density foam mattresses. 
Choose from contemporary, traditional, and colonial designs. Matching loveseats avail­ able for most styles. In Furniture, Down­ town, North Star, Austin Highland Mall. 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT 
MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 
JOSKE’S 

A U N IT or ALLIED STOAKS 

BALLET M exico Espana p erfo rm s native dances for Joske’s Festival of the Arts audience 
— Photos bv E lle n S a w y e r 
Artists display talents 

Nearly 1.o(H) artists, exhibitors, and performers displayed their arts, crafts and talents Saturday at the fifth annual Festival of the Arts in .Joske’s downtown store. 
The day-long festival was sponsored by Joske’s of 
Texas and the Arts Council of San Antonio, Inc. 
Among the exhibits display were jewelry, art pastels, photographs, breaddough creations, flower peds, and leather handicrafts. 
Music performances included the San Antonio 
College trombone choir, the Walker-Ford Singers, and the Wheatley High School Eagletones. 
Theater 

The Educational Arts Clearing House presented 
“ The M iracle,’’ the Chicano Arts Theater dram a­ tized “ Birth of the Mestizo,” and The Little People 
Puppet Company presented perform ances of “ The 
Mother Goose Review.” 
Delighting crowds were dance perform ances in the toy departm ent by the Ballet Mexico Espana with Mexican and Spanish folk dances from the regions of Michiocon and Jalisco. 
Stefania’s Dance Gallery presented a dem onstra­ tion of belly dancing and adult tap dancing. 
The San Anotonio City R ecreation D ancers attracted shoppers with lively renditions of jazz, tap, ballet, and folkloric dancing. 
In other areas of Joske’s Alamo Plaza branch, crafts were demonstrated by the Southwest Craft 
Center, the Fiber Designers’ Creative Stitchers, and the city’s Parks and Recreation Department. 
Registration nears end 
San Antonians not yet registered to vote have until Thursday to do so, if they want to cast ballots in the April 2 city elec­ tion. 
City C lerk G arland 
Jackson said citizens who do not already have a valid voter registration certificate may get one at the registration office in the basement of Bexar 
County Courthouse. 
Absentee voting for the 
April 2 election of a mayor and IO city council members begins March 
14 and continues through 
March 2o. 
Sites chosen 
Five sites have been selected for location of absentee polls during that period. They in ­ clude: 
• City Hall, second floor. 
• Northwest C enter, 
3HOO block of Fredericks­ burg Road (behind Sav U at the south end of the mall). 
• Windsor Park Mall, 
Walzem Road and IH35. 
• McCreless Shopping 
C ity, 41oo S. New Braun­ fels Avenue. 
• Fdgewood Square, 
11oo block of S. Gen. 
McMullen Drive. 
Absentee times 
Absentee voting will be held from 7:45 a rn. to 
4:3o p.m ., 
Monday through Friday. Jackson 

 said. 
In addition, the polls will be open to receive absentee ballots from 2 to 
6 p.m ., Saturday and 
Sunday, M arch 26-27, 
Jackson noted. 
A runoff election, if necessary, will be held 
April 16. Absentee voting for a runoff election would be held in the same locations, Jackson said. 
Wednesday is the last day for candidates to file for office. 

Train crash injures four 

CHICAGO (AP) - 
An 
Amtrak passenger (ram collided with a freight train on Chicago’s South 
Side Saturday night, in­ juring at least four per­ sons, authorities said. 
A spokesm an at St. 
Anthony’s Hospital said the condition of the four persons th ere was not immediately known. 
Fire officials said the passenger train collided with a freight tra in , sending some cars off the tracks at 38th and W e s ­ tern Avenue. 
A police spokesm an said neither train was going very last and that one of the injured was an engineer on one of the trains. 

EXPRESS-NEWS aac* lo****? aa* Lai** Day. 
Do? ana aa fat, 4, CA* 
Tao# 1 Day 
***y acta# Monday 
Atta pufrHhau aa ® 
A*4y A 
New t Day ta*** aa rn 
Waoi 

6* th# lapreti N o w k Corporation 
P O i o 
. l t / l 
W A » * a * * ! « * < » / • J * / 
Sat o*4 Omn /©vtoge Pawl a* 
Inn AMmnm, f #.*#* a(to iom c o n * J e 49 2Aa ik»t# «i JU 4 * (*•< * I t l l •« lo A dm 
4# C 
*** Nu*vc I 
M e 
* 
* 
© 

I . 
Lo* A-- 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

OTHER STATES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

4!4#«sllA Oaty 
I j| 
Wayla y 
? mana* i*Ah(l% *4i§§ a Baa 4****»# ait 
•a*i 4#»»«****9 •"Au. 
■MW* »..*.*>» >*• I W»*>» * I* 
«*> »«« iUM.IK«SON UM *waw% IwMt 

 ti 4V 
14 ti 
%* ti t i I t 

 ti IO ti 4i 
14 'V 

6 *4vi tit ti i l l * o t i * • I t i l O i t i * Ii i 4 4 i4 
IM S I ) 

 tit ll i i i *> 
1:4 9* t i l 41 i l l 1 4 
«*!l in# rn Wipa« la* *4*1 
4 W o a y 
« | I 4 / tm* 

|4 JI j 

"x u h 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday February 2 7 1 9 7 7 
H 

L-. 
.*iy.* k . 
LY 
<* 
N* mm 
W 

> m r\ 

* i 

’ P.- ; v . ;.x" 

Start o f a snowman 

CARL N IC H O LS, 5, starts building a snowman at his Amarillo home after two or more inches hit the Texas Panhandle 
Friday and Saturday. — AP Wirephoto. 
Bickering hurts new agency 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— Senate l e a d e rs are promising early action on 
President Carter's plan for a new Department of 
Energy but jurisdictional jealousies in the House may th r e a te n it with delay. 
And while th e re ap* pears to bi* u ide support rn both chambers for the concept of a Cabinet-level energy agency, the m easure's chief Senate backer. Sen. A b ra h a m 
Kibicolf, D-Coiin., says 
Carter must fight hard to get it through Congress. 
“ T h a t 's b ec au s e the bill is so sweeping and f a r-re a ch in g . I'ii q u e s ­ tionably it will shake a lot of the b u r e a u c r a c y and special in te res ts .” 
Kibicolf said in an inter- 
\ iew. adding: 
“ But I’m for the P r e ­ sident's program and 1 11 fight with him." 
Controversial 
One of the more con­ troversial p a r t s of the adm inistration plan is likely to be the proposal to place under a single root p r o g r a m s that regulate energy and ones that promote its develop­ ment, 
Kibicolf acknowledged. 
He said he plans to in­ tr oduce the bill for 
( arter on Tuesday. And lie said his Government 
Affairs 
C o m m itt e e. whose staff members as­ sisted the White House iii drafting the legislation. 

 will begin h ea rings on 
March 7. 
A committee aide said the legislation may be on the Senate floor by early 
April. 
House leaders re­ portedly have not decided yet when to schedule h e a r in g s el­ even what committee or committees will get the bill Three' com m ittees w itll ri\ a1 ju r is d ic tio n over energy matters ap ­ p arently each want a crack at it. 
C a rt e r said Iii' will s u b m it the le gislation early this week, to be followed by a more com­ prehensive energy policy proposal around April 2o. 
The 
White 
House delivered d rafts of the reorganization bill to key m e m b e r s of C o n g res s late last week. 
Replace 
The proposed new 
Cabinet ag en cy would replace tin* p re s e n t 
Federal Energy Admin­ istration. the Energy Ke- seareh and Development 
A d m in is tra tio n . the 
Federal Power Commis­ sion. parts of the Interior 
Department aud about a dozen other energy pro­ g r a m s now s c a t t e r e d throughout the g o v e r n ­ ment. 
Carter plans to nomin­ ate his energy adviser. 
•lames R. Schlesinger. to head the new department once 
C on g res s gets around to creating it. 

Carter hit on new program s 

WASHINGTON (AP) - P resident 
Carter's first federal spending plan reveals increased aid to financially strapped American cities, but an in­ fluential mayors' group says Carter has ignored the need for new social initiatives, such as health insurance or welfare reform. 
C a r t e r ’s budget would i n c r e a s e funds in areas such as public works and c o m m u n ity d e v e l o p m e n t , but 
Carter seeks cutbacks in programs to battle urban crim e and he seeks no increase in job opportunities for teen­ agers in the central cities. 
Many m a y o r s had hoped C a r t e r would seek to put into effect the initial 

 steps of a national health insurance program and a welfare reform pack­ age. However, Carter seeks funds only to conduct studies for such sweeping changes. 
The U.S. Conference of Mayors, iii a budget analysis released Satu rd ay , said: “ In many budget areas, impor­ tant urban program s have been cut below fiscal 1977 levels or their growth restrained to rates of increase well below the inflation rate.” 
City officials say Carter may have deliberately short-changed the domes­ tic p r o g ra m s , b elieving C o n g r e s s would seek higher spending in these areas no matter what levels he set. In 

 fact. Congress is expected to double 
Carter's request for $2 billion in public works jobs aid. 
The mayors conference praised in­ creases in com munity developm ent and anti recession aid. but said the 
Carter budget is inadequate for mass transit and youth employment needs 
Another u r b a n lobby g r o u p , the larger and more conservative National 
League of Cities, expressed dismay at cuts in crime-fighting funds. 
With summer approaching, city of­ ficials are afraid that continued high unemployment among city teen-agers could lead to trouble in the streets. 
Big-city mayors who met with Carter 

 during December came away with the impression “ that he was extre m ely sensitive to the needs of the cities, says John G unther, d irec to r of the 
Conference of Mayors. 
Perhaps we were encouraged beyond reality. 
Follow Ford 
The first budget by a Democratic president in eight years is based lar­ gely on the one s u b m i t t e d by his predecessor, Republican Gerald Ford. 
Gunther called the Ford budget plan 
“ vindictive to the citie s” and c o m ­ plained that Carter built his budget around the 
Ford p ro p o s a l, 
“ a document that contained far too little money for ttit' cities 
JOHN GUNTHER 

Bill is going back where it’s peaceful 

TALLAHASSEE. Fla. (AIM - After a ii I ne-y out­ lay off, Bill White says he is ready to resume his old occupation — being buried alive in a six-foot coffin tor months at a time. 
White announced Saturday that he will go under­ ground next week as a trial run to get ready for an assault on the current world record of 1o1 days 
The trial run, planned a s promotion for a l a b lahassee restaurant, vtill last about three weeks, far shorter than White's personal record of 83 days. 22 hours and 31 minutes, set during a stay in Austin, 
Tex. in WW. 
Health 
White swore off going u n d erg ro u n d al ter the 
Austin stunt because he said his health was broken. 
But White, who has been earning some money as a singer, soul Saturday he is ready to go again, partly as a matter of personal pride to reclaim the world record 
“ I ve already been in t ra i n in g for about two w eeks," White said. “ Eve given up booze, which can get you in trouble underground Eve cut down on my smoking, and Eve been running so much I feel like a road runner." 
White said he needed the Tallahassee trial run to get menially prepared for the record attempt, pos­ sibly in Niagara Falls, Ont., this summer. 
“ When you stay in that box for a long time, you begin to feel like your whole head is mashed flat B’s hard to get yourself mentally prepared to take that again,’’ said White. 42. 

White, a Tallahassee resident, was billed as the 
“ Living Corpse" during his 4H stays underground from 1HH4 to I BBH 
He said lie took up the work, which was used as promotions for everything from shopping centers to mobile homes, as a way to earn a living after serv­ ing a live-yeur prison sentence for forgery 
Ills manager. Ken Frisbee, who is also owner of the restaurant, said arrangements have been made for a local radio station lo do live broadcasts from the coffin, which also would be equipped with telephone and a citizen band radio 

W lute s coffin, which will lie six feel underground, also will Im* equipped with a light, televfson and vents through which food aud oxygen can ive passed to hill). 

Save on Sealy bedding sets! 
SALE! 

R eg u larly IS9.So-379.9S set. Famous Sealy bedding, now at specially reduced prices! You get Firm 
Flex deluxe bedding with floral designed cover of heavy woven cotton. Upholstered in cotton and layers ot Sealy foam. Sealy patented foundation supports the mattress, allowing it to give you proper support, comfort and durability! Twin, full and queen size sets include a mattress and matching box spring; king size sets include a king size mattress a nd two matching twin size box spring foundations. 
Save now in Bedding, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin Highland Mall. 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

These products have a manufacturer s warranty For a free copy of the warranty, write Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o3 

•Tho n ^ th ly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only Each monthly payment includes sales tax ana FINANCE CHARGE. A 
FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed ior any current billing period in which t here is a balance owing from any prior billing period (th© Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the Previous Balance The FINANCE CHARGE will be a minimum ol 5o<t imposed on Previous Balances up to $35.oo On the Previous Balances in excess of $35 oo, the FINANCE CHARGE will be computed al a 
Periodic Rate ol E A on the first $5oo oo of the Previous Balance and 1% on the amount c zer $5oo oo win- Ii ire th*- eqmvult ut of ANNUAL PERCENT 
RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 
HAGE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

ODDS AND ENDS, ONES-OF-A-KIND, NEW DISCONTINUED, SOME USED, SOME SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 
ALL SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE. JUST A SAMPLING, MANY OTHER ITEMS NOT LISTED. 

DOWNTOWN PLAZA STORE ONLY 
ALL 3 STORES 
MILITARY DRIVE 

MEN S WEAR 
Stock No. 
Item 
39999 Ties ...................... 
71 1o5 
247o1 
25oo4 
1234R 

5o 
Quart. 
Was 
NOW 
4.5o 5.5o 2.25-2.5o 

2ooo 
6ooo 
199oo 

Leisure suit ......................... 2o 
$35 $5o 
9.97 
Shirts ............... ' ................ 
3o $14 $15 
7.88 
Assorted jeans ................ 
48 
$14 $16 
8.97 
Spurs T shirts, large and extra large only ........................... 24 
5 OO 
3.33 
S lacks................................. 6o 
2o.oo 
8.99 
Sportcoats ........................ 6o 
$4o-$6o 
24.97 
Fall suits .......... 36 
$75 $11o 
39.97-54.97 

SEWING MACHINES 
172o 
Sewing h e a d ..................... .... 2 
22o.oo 
12o.oo 
1237 
Sewing h e a d ...................... .... 1 
89.oo 
79.oo 
1813 
Sewing head ............... 
3 
34o oo 
15o.oo 
1247 
Sewing h e a d ....... 
? 
13o oo 
99.oo 
9651 
Sewing mach, cabinet ... 
... 1 
139.95 
99 95 
1247 
Sewing h e a d ...................... 
? 
13o oo 
99 OO 

VACUUMS 
6184 
Vacuum . ..... 
385o 
Vacuum 

DINNERWARE 
44238 /-pc. Blue Lilly ......... 
38315 /1 pc. Yellow Daisy 
Melamine 
4oo84 45 pc. Linda ........ 
4oo81 2o-pc. Linda ........... 

1 
59.95 29.95 
I 
119.95 
89 95 

2 
19.95 

5 
27 99 
1 
89.99 
I 
299 99 

4 88 

14.88 
39.88 
13 5o 

PICTURES 
5o14 
Ships ........................................ 1 
14 99 
5.88 
1234 
Confederate fla g s ................... 1 
39 99 
19.88 
5225 
Autumn stream .................. 
1 34 99 
17.88 
5oo1 
Chinese picture ...................... I 
14.99 
6.88 
5118 
Seagulls on shore ................. 4 
29.99 
14.88 
4998 
Plate of peaches ..................... 1 
9 99 
4.88 
5o59 
Forest ......................................... 4 
19 99 
9.88 
6177 
16x56 door mirror ............... 3 
5 99 
3.88 
1234 
Scenic mirror tiles, sets ........ 2 
1o.49 
5.88 
5929 
Chrome vein mirror tiles, cartons ....................................... 3 
14 99 
7.88 
6124 
Avocado Heather mirror tiles, cartons 
................................. 4 
11 99 
6.88 

TELEVISION 
4194 
19 ’ portable color .................. 1 459 95 329.oo 
44791 25 ' console color ................... 1 699.95 499.oo 
44741 2 5 " console color ................... 1 659 95 549.oo 
442o 
2 5 " console color ................... 1 549 oo 499.oo 
43321 2 5 " console color ................... 1 449 oo 329.oo 
438o1 25 console color ................... 1 799.95 599.oo 
42oo2 
19" portable color .................. 1 479 95 399.oo 
4oo21 9 " portable color .................... 1 239 95 199.oo 
(all TV picture tubes measured overall diagonal) 

STEREO & SOUND 
3oo25 Console ste re o ....................... 
33454 Console ste re o ....................... 
33856 Console ste re o ....................... 
33455 Console ste re o ....................... 
91743 8-track player recorder 
91733 8 t rack player recorder 
91743 8 -track player-recorder ....... 
91742 8 track player-recorder ....... 
91632 8 track player-recorder ....... 
3657 
Johnson 23 channel CB radio 
(floor model) ........................... 2 
3677 
Johnson 23 channel CB radio 
(floor model) ....................... . 1 
1234 
Johnson 23 channel CB base station (floor model) ............ 1 
366o2 Johnson 23 channel CB (floor model) ...................................... I 
2376 
Reconditioned clock radio ... 
1 
2381 
Reconditioned clock radio ... 
1 

HANDBAG DEPT 

199.95 
299.95 
299 95 
299 95 
349 95 
2 79 95 
349 95 
349 95 
269 95 

129.oo 
199 OO 
199 OO 
229 OO 
169.oo 
149.oo 
199 OO 
199 OO 
169 OO 

169 95 
39.88 

199 95 
99.oo 

2 4 9 9 5 149.oo 

249 95 149.oo 
54 95 
29 95 
5 9 9 5 
2 9 9 5 

 spec. 
Scarf ..................... ............... 21 
2 5o 
I 29 spec. 
Scarf ..................... ............ I I 
3 oo 
I 99 spec. 
Scarf ..................... ................. 8 
1 5o 
99 spec. 
Cover up .............. ................. 8 
6 5o 
3 99 

HOSIERY DEPT. 
1375 
Ankle hi ho i jry 
6oo 
3 ‘ 1 
4 / * I 

SHOE DEPT. 
12o21 
Lemon I 
►y 4 '. -8 ............ ... IO 
15 99 
2 97 
12888 
Little girls sanetai 3 .-3 .... 24 
6 99 
4 97 
15841 
Little be►Vtj sandal .......... ... 41 
8 99 
4 97 
16172 
Women shoe 
1o 
18 OO l l 
97 
16195 
W omen s shoe 
..... 7 
17 OO 
11 97 
25594 
W omen s sand.al ............. ..... 7 
9 99 
6 97 
26698 
W omen s sand,ai .... 
"J 
9 99 
6 97 
32586 
W omen s sand*al 
... 22 
11 OO 
8 97 
45562 
W omen dress shoe ......... 
18 
15 OO 
8 97 
46268 
W omen dress shoe ...... „ 14 
16 OO l l 
97 
395o9 
W omen s dress shoe ...... 
12 
15 OO 
8 97 
79oo4RMen s sandal 
1o2 
9 99 
7 97 

JR. BAZAAR 
2 pc shirt sets w tank top m pastels ....... $13 
Jr sportswear, tops pants skirts 
........ $4 

15 

19 

4 99 6 99 

2 99-12 99 

LADIES' READY-TO-WEAR 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
Was 
NOW 
o99 
Group of summer dresses, misses' si^es ..................... 1oo $7-$13 
4.99 

Clearance af Dresses and Pantsuits 
2 o % 5 o % OFF 
Were $15 to $25 
2oo to sell 

WOMEN S BUDGET SHOP 
Asst. 
Costume jewelry, bracelets, earrings, necklaces............... 1oo 
.97-1.97 5o% O ff 
WOMEN S SPORTSWEAR 
o99 
Assorted tops, tanks, short sleeve, sleeveless, cottons and blends ................................. 2oo 
$5 $8 
2.99 
Spec. 
Assorted pants, polyesters and blends, solids & checks ....... 1oo 
7.99 12.oo 
2.99 
DECORATOR RUGS 
4o3o6 
5x8' vinyl braided ......... 5 
49.99 
19.88 
5242 
6x9' 
Rya decorator rug 

5 
129.99 
64.88 
5522 
6x9' Oriental style ............... 1 
99.99 49.88 
54o2 
6 x 9 'Wool oriental ............... 1 
179.99 
89.88 
5383 
9x12' Decorator shag ......... 
1 
299.99 149.88 
4o28 
9 x 1 2 'Flat braided ............... 1 
119.99 
59.88 
5582 
6x9' 
Decorator shag .... 3 
169.99 
84.88 
5581 
4x6' 
Decorator shay .... 6 
89.99 
39.88 
5521 
4 x 6 'Oriental style ............. 1o 
49.99 24.88 

RUG REMNANTS 
5o31 
6x12’ Indoor/outdoor .......... 1 
15.84 
9.88 
7o999 15x6 7 " Gold plush ............... 1 
158.oo 
79.88 
9255 
15x1o 8 
Sculptured, gold .. 
1 
29o.oo 134.88 
8775 
15x1o 1" Green tweed ......... 1 
127.76 
63.88 
7422 
12x9 9 
Burgandy plush .... 
I 
2o7.76 1o3.88 
91o1 
12x 1o 6 ” Kitchen carpet, green ......................................... 1 
159.99 
79.88 
5o21 
12x9 3” Indoor/outdoor, gold 
1 
92.oo 
45.88 
9931 
12x9' Orange printed ............ 1 
116 99 
5 7 .8 8 
7o999 12x11 6 " Printed plush ....... 1 
128.oo 
63.88 
9991 
12x9 3 ' Printed shag ........... 1 
139.99 
69.88 
77o2 
12x9’5” Short shag, peach . 
1 
193.88 
91.88 
7o999 12x1o 5 " Red velvet plush . 
1 
238.14 119.o7 
7622 
12x1o 9 " Shag, gold ............ I 
184.88 
91.88 
Spec. 
Mini Remnants ... 1o 19.oo 88.oo 4.88-39.88 
7152 
12x14 Beige plush ................ 1 
176.oo 
87.88 
7332 
12x13 8 
Gold shag ............. 1 
199 99 
99 .88 
9255 
15x17' Sculptured, g o ld 
1 
425.oo 194.83 
9991 
12x14 Shag, rust & gold ... 
I 
168.oo 
83.88 
9821 
12x19 2 " Blue den carpet ... 
1 
289.75 144.88 
7472 
12x1 1 8 " Hi Lo shag, green 
1 
2oo.oo 
99,88 
7262 
12x12' Rust tw ist .................. 
1 
15o.oo 
74.88 
8352 
12x12 7" Brown plush ......... 1 
216.oo 1o7.88 
8352 
12x1o 3 " Beige Plush ............ 1 
196.oo 
97.88 
7832 
12x11 8 " Hi Lo shag ............. 1 
172.oo 
85.88 
77o2 
12x16 Short shag, beige .... 
1 
316.oo 157.88 
Asst 
Ready Stick 
Tiles 
15 ems. 17.55-22.o5 11.25 ctn. 

FURNITURE 
BEDDING — Floor Samples 
71/72162 Twin Set, innerspring .... 1 
219 9o 1o9.88 
71412 Twin innerspring mattress 
.. 2 
49 95 
19.88 
81316 Twin mattress ....................... 1 
69.95 
34.88 
BEDROOM— Floor Samples 
62412/414 Triple dresser & mirror 
1 
3o5.oo 179 88 
75o72 Twin brass headboard ...... IO 
59.95 
39.88 
LIVING R O O M — Floor Samples 
84o78 3 pc. Modular sofa .............. 1 
^7o.9o 1o9 88 
55556 Rust print chair 
................ 
1 
249.94 125 88 
451o2 Chair, Herculon cover .......... 
1 
199 95 
99 88 
58282 Chair, colonial rust ............. 1 
249.95 125.88 
68333 Modern vinyl chair ............... 
1 
199 g 5 
99 g 8 
61191/194 Spanish Rope vinyl sofa and chair, brown ................ 1 
449.9o 249.88 

DRAPERIES 

14161 Alicante bedspread, fu ll........ 21 
26 97 
19.97 
5oo99 Cafe curtains, 24 in 
35 pr. 
2 5o 
1.88 

BEDDING & LINENS 
3636R Hand towels ......... 5o 
1.77-1 89 
1.5o 
3637R Washcloths ........ 
1oo 
89- 99 
75 
9o91 
Shower curtain ...................... 7 
13,99 
6 99 

HARDWARE 
9o731 3 ’ :-HP, 2o ' rotary mower 
3o 129 99 
99 99 
97392 3 '.-H P rotary mower with rear bagger 
IO 199 99 159 99 
33o96 6o Pc. socket set ....... 15 
Regular separate price totals 
96 36 
49 99 
2o233 18oAMP welder 
3 154 95 124.95 

HOUSEWARES 
1o8oR Cookware set 
25 
67 43 
29.99 

ELECTRICAL DEPT. 
86143 Tiffany fixture 
I 
49 99 39 99 
W rought iron future 
2 
49 99 39 99 
8789 
Double swag future 
... I 
39 99 
29 99 
/ ‘JOI 
Outdoor light 
I 
21 99 
15 99 
8818 
Winnie the Pooh* light 
3 
9 99 
6 99 
W alt Disney * Pi o1 Im lion 
9o52 
52 in Ceiling fan ..... 
J 
149 9b 129 99 

LUGGAGE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
Was 
NOW 
9895 
Hand tote bag .................... 39 
22.oo 
11.oo 
9897 
Shoulder tote bag ............. 5o 
25.oo 
12.5o 
VACUUM CLEANERS 
2689 
Vac & power mate ........... 14 
129.95 99.95 
2o16 
Power mate ........................... 7 
39.95 24.95 
63o3 
Kwik sw e e p ............................ 8 
19.95 
14.88 
SEWING CABINETS 
9545 
C abinet..................................... 1 
224.95 189.95 
9546 
Cabinet .................................... 6 
224.95 189.95 
9541 
Cabinet ................................. 11 
189.95 149.95 
9166 
C abinet..................................... 7 
99.95 
79.95 
DOWNTOWN ONLY 

Costume Jewelry 

 were $3 each, 5o pieces to sell 
5QC each 

GIRL S WEAR 

Girl's Winter Nightwear 

Was $3.99 to $7.99 8o to sell 

No. 34ooR 3o% OFF 

BOY'S & STUDENT'S WEAR 
599o 
Long sleeve shirts 6o 
7.99 8 99 
4.97-5.97 
499o 
Short sleeve shirts ............. 48 
5.99 
3.97 
INFANT'S WEAR 

Entire stock of girls and boy's fall nightwear, sizes 3-6X 
3o% 
3oo to sell 
OFF 

 were $3.99 to $9.oo 

FABRIC & NOTIONS 

Asst. a4-m. non-roll elastic 
1oo 

Asst. 
Iron or sew on appliques .. 7o 
9o12 
Printed knitted suede 
72 
SPORTING GOODS 

31197 
31376 
41454 
31374 

.7o 

59 
4.99 

3 /S I 
4 $1 
2.79 

3o246 
82944 
74123 
47445 
2631 I 

M /5 4 o Bait cast reel ........... 15 
M /4 6 o Spinning reel ............ 9 
M /915 Spinning reel ............ 3 
M /4 3 o Ultra-light spinning reel ............................................ 3 
5' Ultra-light spinning reel .. 8 
Electric putt return ................ 7 
17-Pc. cook set .................. 12 
Deluxe 27 ' 1o-speed bike .. 5 
Electric pin ball machine ..... 1 

39 75 
2o.oo 
16.99 
12.88 
1999 
15.88 

16 99 
9.99 
9 99 
18.99 
149 95 
299 99 

12.oo 
4.88 
1.88 
14 88 
99.88 
139.88 

34 99 
29.99 
17.49 
14.99 
14 99 
1o.99 
8 97 
6.99 
39 99 
29.99 

STATIONERY DEPARTMENT 
62645-58 
Steel shelving u n its 
1 
6532 
Steel shelving unit ................ 1 
622o5 
Steel shelving unit ................ 1 
Spec. 
Steel shelving unit ................ 1 
651o 
Steel shelving unit ................ 1 
ALL SHELF UNITS "UNASSEMBLED-IN CARTON' 
MILITARY DRIVE 

MEN S WEAR 
Spec. 
Leisure coats & su its....................... 
Spec. 
Sport coats & su its........................ 27 

25 
$2o $55 
9.97-19.97 

$5o $11o 24.97-54 97 spec, 
Men s slacks 
................... 29 
39912 Johnny Miller sweaters ...... 5o 
28966 Hands O ff” leisure joes ... 11 
59443 Jean vests ........................... 11 spec. 
Sport shirts, long and short sleeve ....... 25o 
25oo4R M en's fashion je a n s..... 
1o49 IR Poly-cotton jump suits . 
1o57 IR Knit jump suits .............. 
5 o 2 14RBodywear colored shirts 
5o223RBodywear colored briefs spec 
Ties ........ 275 spec. 
Men s belts ....... 1oo 
1234998 Western felt hats 

2o oo 
27.5o 
18.oo 
15.oo 

9.97 
8 97 
8.97 
7.5o 

$7 $14 
3o-5o% Off 
15o $12-516 
7o 
1699 
8o 
2 5 o o 
2oo 
199 
25o 
1.99 
5 OO 6.5o 

8 97 
13.97 
19.97 
3 /$ 5 
3 /$ 5 
2.5o-3.97 
$5 $1o 
1.98-4.97 
25 
3 5 o o 
25.oo 
SHOES 

Men's Shoes and Boots 

Were $15 99 to $58 OO 
2 o % 4 o % OFF 

TELEVISION 

Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
Was 
NOW 
4474-5 
25 in. Color console ........... 2 
659.95 499.oo 
4482 
25 in. 
Color console ........ 1 
799.95 599.oo 
445o1 
25 in. 
Color console ........ 1 
549.oo 449.oo 
44321 
25 in. 
Color console ........ 1 
449.oo 299.oo 
4194 
19 in. Portable color .............. 2 
459 95 299.oo 
4172 
19 in. Portable color .............. 1 
379.95 288.oo 
5116 
19 in. Black/white ................. 1 
169.95 129.88 
5137 
19 in. Black/white ................. 1 
189.95 149.88 
445o 
25 in. Console ........................ 1 
549.oo 419.oo 
4474 
25 in. Console ........................ 1 
659.95 489.oo 
4475 
25 in. Console ........................ 1 
659.95 519.oo 
(All TV picture tubes measured overall diagonal) 

STEREO & SOUND 
91733 8 Track, Player/recorder ..... 2 
279.95 199.88 
913o4 8 Track, Player ...................... 2 
1o9.95 
89.oo 
91221 8 Track. Player ...................... 1 
49.95 
39.88 
91361 8 Track. Player ...................... 1 
199.95 
88.oo 
36711 Cit^en Band R adio................ 3 
119.95 
39.88 
1234 
C B. Slide mount ................ 1o 
13.95 
1o.88 
31626 Console Stereo ...................... 1 
299.95 149.oo 
33654 Console Stereo ...................... 1 
379.95 269.oo 
47165 Organ ........................................ 2 
299.95 129.oo 
33856 Console Stereo ...................... 2 
299,95 199.oo 
9419 
Speaker .................................... 2 
199 95 
99.oo 
91733 8 Track. Player/Recorder 
.... 1 279.95 169.oo 
91732 8 Track, Player/Recorder 
.... 1 279.95 149.oo 
91633 8 Track, Player/Recorder 
.... 1 279.95 149.oo 
94192 Speaker .................................... 2 
199.95 
9 9.oo 
94261 Turn Table ............................... 2 
159.95 
59.oo 
9428 
Turn Table ............................... V 
89.95 
19.88 
VACUUM CLEANERS 
364o 
Upright vacuum .................... 1 
49.oo 39.oo 
366o 
Upright vacuum .... 
1 
79 95 59.oo 
358o 
Upright Vacuum ................... 1 
1o9.95 89.95 
858o 
Polisher ................................... 1 
99.95 79.95 
SEWING MACHINES 

1o4o 
Dial, easy lightweight ......... 1 
149.95 89.95 
1813 
3o Cam s tre tc h -s titc h ........... 2 
34o.oo 3oo.oo 
1913 
Free Arm machine ............... I 
4oo.oo 35o.oo 
1931 
Free Arm h e a d ........................ 2 
35o oo 3oo.oo 
1774 
Flat Bed head ........................ 1 
27o.oo 22o.oo 
1731 
Flat Bed head ........................ 1 
24o.oo 21o.oo 
143o 
All Built-in .............................. 1 
2o5 oo 175.oo 
HOUSEWARES 

5856 
Outdoor dryer ........................ 6 
* 29 99 22.88 
5591 
Hibachi ..................................... 6 
9.99 
7.99 
368o 
Can Opener ............................ 6 
9.99 
5.88 
7737 
Vacuum bottle .................... 1o 
2.99 
1.99 
7o87 
B a rsto o l ................................. 2 
19.99 
12.88 

ELECTRICAL DEPT. 

88892 Fluorescent Fixture ............... 1 
34 95 
29.99 
9o52 
Ceiling fan ............................... 1 
149.95 
89.99 
8439 
5 Light, ceiling fixture .......... 1 
39.99 
29.99 
8423 
Early American 5-ltght fixture .................................... 1o 
49.99 
39.99 

SPORTING GOODS 
48564 Bike carrier ........................... 2o 
12 99 
6.88 
457o3 M oto cross bike ................. 1o 
79 99 69.99 
47225 1o Speed bike ..................... IO 
125.oo 
99.99 
4 7265 3-Speed bike .......................... 6 
69 99 59.99 
16144 Baseball g lo v e ....................... 12 
14 99 
12 88 
4o416 9 ft. Salt water rod 
IO 
26 oo 
17.88 
1841 
Athletic carrying case ..... 1oo 
3 98 
1.88 
485o2 Bike storage lift ..................... 
19.99 
9.99 
2446 
Football ................................. 15 
1o 99 
6.88 
12o48 Tennis Racquet ................... 24 
12 99 
7.88 
SUBURBAN SHOP 

25338 48 in. Tractor Mower (used) 
1 
319.95 188.oo 
2596 
18-HP tractor (used) ............. 1 1999.oo 
Both 
25337 48-in. mower (used) ............ 1 
299 95 1549.oo 
6o551 Lawn Locker ........................... I 
39 88 
9.88 
27o18 8-HP Shredder ....................... 1 
349 95 289.oo 

PLUMBING 

73482 2o.ooo BTU Wall furnace ... 1 
179.95 
79 oo 
2o49 
Sears Best lavatory faucet 
21 
39.99 
33.oo 
81117 3o,ooo BTU Condenser ...... 1 
45o oo 
Both 
81473 
A " c o il..................................... 
1 13o oo 45o.oo 

BUILDING MATERIALS 
96611 4 ft Iron rail 
96635 Rail scroll ,. 
96647 Iron columns 

13 7 99 
Vi-Price 
6 
7.99 
4 OO 
12 
3o% OFF! 

LADIES' ACCESSORIES 

438 o1 Ladies' casual handbags, special selected group 48 6 OO 8 OO 2 99 t 99 
BCo99 Ladies fashion belts 
1oo I 6o ft OO 
99 2 99 

JR. BAZAAR 

B99 
Sportswear CLEARANoI 
B99 
Dresses, Pants, 
T o p s 
... 
' / i / t 

W, 9 I'/i I ft OO 
'J 99 

12 OU i / 
1o% O f t ! 
Sears 
Where America shops 

K M M *. MOI HIM K W i n o 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

O ven tew n Pluto $toi« 

'< J « d u il u t H o v o h q 

M um and Ih u rt. 9.3o-9 

Other Day* 9 3o 6 

Son Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

'aft 
W W '*:•>>AV. V 1. *A v 

A X W w V i 
Sears 

2 DAYS ONLY— WHILE QUANTITIES LAST— HURRY 

M ILITARY DRIVE STORE ONLY 
CENTRAL PA R K STORE ONLY 

FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quae. 
512 73 Sofa, contemporary, brown plaid .............................. I 
51283 Demi sofa, contemporary, brown plaid .................... 1 
51293 Chair, brown ................... I 
58514 Flexsteel Dem! sofa, brown/beige ................... 1 
55463 Sofa, floral print ............... 1 
66622 Vinyl sofa, patch design .... 1 
585o4 Demi sofa, New Elegance, gold ............................... 1 
565o2 3 Pc. Sectional, Spanish style 1 
5o683 Demi sofa, flame stitch ..... 1 
99311 Chair, rust ...................... 1 
83ooo Chair, rust ...................... 1 
52o52 Colonial sofa, gold ........... 1 
58o61 Colonial sofa, print ........... 1 
58o93 Matching ottoman ........... 3 

W as 
Now 

499.95 
399.88 

399.95 
299.88 
199.95 
179.88 

449.95 
349.88 
399.95 
299.88 
399.95 
279.88 

349.95 
279.88 
599.95 
349.88 
299.95 
179.88 
1 19.95 
69.88 
149.95 
89.88 
399.95 
249.88 
449 95 
349.88 
99 95 
49.88 
DRAPERIES 
1234 
Cimmaron curtains, 36 in. . 
12 
6.98 
3.48 
1234 
Cimmaron curtains, 24 in. ... G 
5.99 
2.98 
1234 
Cimmaron valance ....... 18 
4.49 
2.23 
Asst. 
Quilted bedspreads, twin, full, queen, k in g ............... 5o 
1o% to 5o% Off 
25% OFF! Petit Plume Shorty Draperies 

28194 
5ox45 in. .................... 6 
11.99 
8.97 
28195 75x45 in. ...*..................... 6 
2o.99 
15.74 
28196 1oox45 m........................ 6 
27.99 2o.99 
282o3 5ox63 in.................... 1o 
12 99 
9.74 
282o4 75x63 in.......................... 6 
23.99 
17.99 
282o5 1oox63 in........................ 8 
3 1 9 9 23.99 

25% OFF! Entire Stock Aquarius Casement Draperies 
26o92 
5ox84 in....................... 12 
26o93 75x84 in....................... 1o 
26o94 
1oox84 in........................ 8 
26o95 125x84 in........................ 4 
26o1o3 1oox84 iii . one way draw .. 6 
CARPETING 
9252-782 12x1o sculptured, blue . .. 
77o2 
12x1 1*6” shag, green .......... 
9821 9o7 12x1o 3 indoor outdoor, green 
......................... 
17o2 
12x1 T I T ' shag, light green . 
7272 
12x12 5 ’ shag, light green ... 
8285 
15x1o 6' sculptured shag, white, gold ....................... 
8522 
12x12 sculptured, gold ....... 
9441 
12x13' indoor/outdoor, black, brown, white . ................. 
7622 
12x I 1 4 " * iiay, red ............ 
74 72 
12x1 1 I V shag, gold, white 
8482 12x13' shag, green.............. 
7 7o2 1 2 x 1 2 'shag, g o ld ............... 
9255 15x12 9 " sculptured, rust 
9255 15x114" sculptured, gold .... 
GIRLS WEAR 
52193 Girls' jumper sizes 7 to 14 
23 
671oR Girls’ blouses, assorted styles and colors, 7 to 14 ......... 48 

24.99 
44.99 
57 99 
/1.99 
59.99 

227.76 
248.oo 

18.74 
33.74 
43.49 
53.99 
44.99 

113.88 
124.88 

165 39 
82.88 
254 34 127.88 
2 6 6 4 9 133.88 

254 76 
238 76 

172.47 
213 76 
222.54 
213.42 
254.76 
362.76 
32o.56 

127.88 
119 88 

11o.88 
1o6.88 
111.88 
155.88 
127.88 
181.88 
16o.88 

12 oo 
5.97 

3 49 to 

INFANTS' DEPT. 
3o315 Crib ........................... 
3oo35 Mattress....................... 
3o135 Mattress ..................... 
36o25 High chair ................... 
21917 Diaper bag ................. 
11o36 Training p ants.............. 
16o65 Water proof pants 
16o63 Water proof pants ........ 
22311 Day time disposable diapt extra absorbent............. 
1o4IR Terry cloth pants ......... 
Spec. 
Pajamas ............... 48 
48o13R 
Shirt ....................... 
4896 IR 
Shirt 
8o 
67o9R Pants ......................... 
LINEN & BEDDING 

.. 5 
7 
.. 7 
12 
12 
27 
15o 
1o8 

84 
25o 
3 99 
8o 
2 
. 5o 

 rs 

4 99 

79 99 
27 99 
24 99 
21 99 
6 99 
2 89 
2 99 
2.69 

2 29 
99 
6 99 2. 
2 99 
49 5 99 
6 49 

2.oo 

49 97 
19 97 
17.97 
17 88 
4.17 
1.97 
1.97 
1.97 

1.47 
.77 
47-3.9o 
1.97 
1.97 
3.5o 

Asst 
Bath Accessories clearance 
Asst. 
Pillowcase Clearance ___ 

36 / 88 64 99 5.88-59.88 
12 
39 99 
29.88 
2o% Off 

13 to sell 
PRICE 

BOYS' WEAR 

Winnie-the-Pooh Shirts 

Were $5.5o sizes 8 to 12 

No. 4o43R g 
36 to sell 
47 

STUDENTS' SHOP 
Stock No. 
Item .................. Quail. 
W as Now 
5o3 99 Pants in assorted styles waist sizes 27 to 31 
^2 
4.99 to 
1o.99 
2 for 8.oo 
HOSIERY 
1375 
Ankle hi hosiery ............ 36o 
.34 4 $ I 
W OMEN'S FASHIONS 

Va Price 
\'i price 
GIFT SHOP 
Asst 
Table lamps .... 
22oo 
Work lamp ..... 
Asst. 
Decorator pictures .......... 18 
THE FIGURE SHOP 
o4754 Nu back girdles ........... 
25 
15,oo 
9.99 
LINGERIE 
Asst 
Nigh wear. IOO4 . nylon 144 
. $/ $14 
7 142.99-1o.99 
KITCHEN PLANNING_______ 

Discontinued Wood Cabinets 

Model I IOO 
| / 

Dresses, long dresses, jumpsuits, pantsuits 
3o% ,o 5o% OFF! 
Were $14.oo to $36.oo, selected group! 
CENTRAL PA R K 
RUGS 
7o999 Oriental rugs, 9x12-ft 
6 1299.99 649.88 
5242 
Rya rugs, 6x9 ft............. 1o 
139.99 
69.99 
5581 
Oriental rugs, 4x6 ft 
1 7 
79.99 
39.99 
LAMPS— GIFTS 
4oo84 
"Linda” 45 pc. dinnerware . 8 
59.95 
29.88 
LINENS 
1167 
Tablecloth ..................... 16 
12.99 
6.99 
1992 
Bathroom hamper .......... 11 
14.99 1o.99 
5624 
Sleeping b a g ................. 55 
12.99 
8.99 
DRAPERIES— CURTAINS 
142o4 Lombardy bedspread, king 
43 
69.96 35.47 
142o6 Lombardy, table cover ...... 4 
46.96 23.47 
14o75 Edera bedspread, full ...... 12 
29.96 13.77 
14o77 Edera bedspread, queen 
.... 8 
39.96 19.77 
14o78 Edera bedspread, king ...... 6 
42.96 2o.97 
14o82 Edera table cover ........... 12 
19.96 
3.97 
14o81 Edera valance, 72x11-in. ... 1o 
9.96 
1.97 
14o79 Edera drapes, 8ox84 in. . 
IO 
28 96 
8.oo 
14161 Ahcante bedspread, full . 
. 1o 
34 96 19.97 
1447 
Ribcord bedspread, bunk 
11 
13.99 1o.97 
83oo 
Dazzler beads. 24 ft 
45 
3 49 
1.75 
Spec. 
Assorted draperies ... 96 7,99-71.99 
Vi PRICE 
Spec. 
Assorted trim 
49-1.29 yd 
Va PRICE 
NOTIONS 
Spec. 
Button cannisters ........ IOO 
1.97 
47 
Spec. 
All decoupage supplies iii stock, CLOSEOUT . 
IOO 
7 5 % OFF 
Spec. 
T shirt iron ons 
15oo 
89 
.66 
LUGGAGE 

Spec. 
Travel B a g ..........................1 
31.oo 22.99 
7o71 
Trunk ............................. 1 
71.99 49.99 
Asst. 
Attaches, black brown 7o 
31- 
38 ‘15-*19 
9895 
Tote bags. asst. colors ... 12o 
22.oo 
11 oo 
9897 
Tote bags, asst. colors 
. 9 o 
25 oo 
12.5o 

SPORTING GOODS 
51265 6 Over/Under shotgun 
. 2o 299 99 199.99 
12o91 Tennis racket ................ 18 
19.99 
9.88 
26o52 Table tennis set ............. 4o 
9 99 
4.99 
48461 Bicycle basket 
15 
12.99 
6.88 
48564 Bicycle carrier ............... 2o 
12.99 
6.88 
8228R Golf bag ...... 
5 
39 99 29.99 
23516 Skateboard ................... 19 
26 99 
11.88 
25775 Corner cue rack ............. 15 
11.99 
8.88 
KITCHEN PLANNING 
7215 
Lady Kenmore dishwasher, used ............................... I 359 95 199.88 
1234 998 Scratched or dented sinks 
8 
4 99 68 99 
V2 PRICE 
8o51 
Breakfast nook, 4 8 x 4 8 ...... 1 2o7 oo 99.88 
1234-998 Assorted cabinets 12 
2o 15o 
Va PRICE 
BUILDING MATERIALS 
Spec. 
Planter stands .............. 2o 
36 99 
18.88 
Spec. 
Planter stands ..... 
15 
12 99 
6.88 
Spec. 
Planter stands .............. 24 
29 99 
14.88 
398o5 
Sky roof ....................... 1 
119 95 6o OO 
88316 
Pour insulation, foil faced .... 2 
59 95 
29.88 
8234 
Pour insulation, foil faced ... 
2 
25.99 
14.88 
8517 
Econ a tone ceiling tiles, 64 sq. ft. box ........................ 4 
12.99 
6.88 
1234 998 Assorted shutters 
12 im 
19.99 37.99 
‘/a OFF 
69o2 
Ceramic tile cement, 1 gal 
2o 
7 99 
3 88 
92o25 Red brick wall tile fsome broken) 8 sq, ft box 
6 
7.99 
I 88 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Road 
Mon, thru Sat. 
9 3o-9 

Central Polk Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9 3o-9 

AIR CONDITIONERS 
INFANTS WEAR 
Stock No. Item 
............... 
Quail 
W as 
Now 
Stock No. Item 
On in 
Was 
New 
76o63 
1 1o volt window unit ....... 2 
2o9.95 
179.oo 
36o >5 High t han 
13 
2 I 99 
17 88 
76o43 
I 1o volt window unit ....... 1 
149.95 
I 19 OO 
3oo65 
Bumper |>ad 
18 
8 99 
6 97 
76o55 
1 IO volt window unit ....... 1 
169.95 
129 OO 
361o4 
Play jinn 
’) 
I 99 
8 88 
/ 164 
22.ooo BTUH. 22 unit 
1 
319.95 
199 OO 
63768 
Boys' long sleeve shit ts ,. 
15o 
6 49 
4.49 
363o 
Dehumidifier ................... I 
139.96 
119.oo 
223o4 
Newborn definable 
482o 
Ice maker ....................... I 
469.95 
399 OO diapeis 18o 
I 89 
I 47 
2652 
Upright freezer ................ 1 
399.96 
339 OO 
367 7o 
Pooh lot President stool ti 
/ iii) 
4 97 
2623 
Upright freezer ................ 1 
329.95 
279.oo 
36444 
Stroller 
3 7 
23 99 
19 88 
2658 
Upright freezer ................ 1 
479.96 
429 OO 
3oo15 
Ct th mattress 
IO 
16.99 
12 88 
REFRIGERATORS 
58o66 
Gull' lobe, led . 
33 
9 99 
6 67 

66 721 
17-cu. ft , white 
66931 
19.2-cu. ft., white 
65961 22.2 cu. ft., white 
RANGES 

459 95 399.oo 
559.95 499.oo 
699 95 6o9.oo 
BOYS' WEAR 
1234 
Boys’ casual leans 
233 4 99 7.49 2 for $7 
4oo51 Boys’ knit shirts 
4oo 
2.o9 3 49 
2.oo 
47o98 Boys’ casual and western leans 
2oo 
4 99 7,49 
3.5o 
93261 
93461 
Electric range, white ....... 
Electric range, white 
. 1 
3 5 9 9 5 
1 
399 95 
299 OO 
319 OO 
STATIONERY 
72764 
Gas range, avocado....... 
1 
4o9 9b 
329 OO 
79oo 
Modular shelving unit 
I 
94 99 
7o OO 
74561 
36 in. gas range, white ... 
I 
399 95 
3o9 OO 
6247 
Modular shelving unit 
. I 
1o4.99 
6o OO 
74571 
36 in. gas range, white .... 
1 
359 95 
279 OO 
9323 
Piojet tot table 
I 
I(I 99 
14 99 
78662 
Gas, double oven, cojiper . 
I 
6o9.95 
5o9 OO 
Spec. 
Shelving 
I 
39 99 
24 88 
98664 blee., double oven, avo. 
1 
639.95 
539 OO 
62o9 
Home entertaiuinent centei 
99o51 
Microwave oven 
I 
249.95 
199 OO shelving . 
8 
14 99 
7 99 
99651 
Microwave oven ......... 
2 469.95 
349 OO 
62o1 
I louie entertainment tr *nter 
99251 
Microwave oven ... 
I 
269.96 
99 OO 
796o shelving 
Plant center shelves 
Hi 
....... 
3 
37 99 
47 99 
18 99 
15 OO 
STEREO AND SOUND 
9635 
Sjlet 
Pronto S i amora 
126 film ..... 
5o 
54.99 
99 
25 OO 
.5o 
91221 
36722 
3671 
3674 
21673 
Spec. 
Sjiec. 
91o11 
33454 
33856 
33655 
33856 
33454 
97551 
91 743 
91752 
9424 
941 72 

8 track Player .................. 6 
CB. single side band ......... 3 
CB radio ........................ 4 
CB radio ....................... 
4 
Cassette player recorder ... 2 
Reconditioned radios .... 1o 
8 track Recorder .............. 2 
8 track .......................... 4 
Console stereo ................. 1 
Console stereo................. I 
Console stereo................. 1 
Console stereo................. I 
Console stereo ......... 
8 track player recorder 
8 track player-recorder 
8 track jilayer recorder 
Turntable ................ 
Speaker .................. 

49.9b 
299 95 
129.95 
169 95 
52 9b i 

79 95 
39 96 
299.95 
299.95 
379.95 
299 95 
299.95 
299 95 
349.95 
399.95 
69 95 
99 95 
TELEVISION 
44791 
25 in. Color Console ......... 1 
4424 
25-in. Color Console 
I 
4377 
25-in. Color Console 
I 
44321 
25 in. Color Console ......... 1 
4429 
25 in. Color Console ......... I 

(All TV picture tube'* measured overall diagonal 

699 9b 
659 95 
699 95 
449 OO 
699.95 

29 88 
169 88 
39 88 
64.88 
29 88 i PRICE 
29 88 
24 88 
199 OO 
179.oo 
249 OO 
219 OO 
229 OO 
159.oo 
199 OO 
229 OO 
19 OO 
49 OO 

529 OO 
529.oo 
499 OO 
299 OO 
499 OO 

ELECTRICAL 
6232 
6966 
7259 
69323 
6624 
8466 
7424 

Iron ............ 
Broiler ........ 
Heater, electric 
Cooker Fryer 
Jiffy Burger .... 
Chandelier 
Humidifier .... 
PAINT 
15467 3 HP gas compressor 
32oo5 Exterior gloss paint ... 
65618 Acrylic spray paint .... 
15712 Rebuilt spray guns 
HOUSEWARES 

34 
26 99 
19.99 
18 
23 99 
19 99 
3o 
16 99 
12 99 
3b 
15 99 
12 99 
68 
15 99 
12 99 
2o 
89 99 
59 99 
I 
199 99 
149.99 

.. 1 
359 99 
289.oo 
2oo 
It 99 
8 99 
2oo 
1 79 
99 
4 
32 99 
2o OO 

8343 
Mushroom cannister set 
.. 4o 
32 99 
24 88 
2322 
Cookware set, stainless ...... 6 
67 95 
54 88 
9339 
Dish detergent, gallon . 
146 
4 99 
2 88 
798o 
Bar stools ................... 
8 
32 99 
19 88 
MOOR 
Cookware set ........ 
71 
19 97 
I 5 88 
Spec. 
Weber 2 2 ’ a in Grill 
... 
3 
79 99 
65 88 
31oR 
Weber 18 in Grill 
4 
69 95 
52 88 
HARDWARE 
28875 Portable work bench 
65253 3 drawer tool chest .... . 
5188 
5 inch v ise .................... 
2o175 5o amp portable welder 
39924 24 in. Aluminum level ..... 
1o5o 
'a in, variable drill .......... 
299o4 1o in. bench saw (recond.) 
6953 
I i -i n . plastic hose, 5o ft. . 
PLUMBING 
37744 Fun & Fancy toilet seat .... 
Fun & Fancy toilet seats , 
Neat Seat toilet struts ..... 
Instupure water filter ...... 
Instapure water filter, rinser model ..................... 
Lavatory faucet ..... ...... 
Medicine cabinet, damaged 
5 
Automatic ll water softener, used .... ............... . 
5oE water softener, used ... 
Acatastatic, water softener used .................. . 
M MTU softenei new ......... 
1o5M central gas furnace, used ............ . ............. 
73643 Wall furnace, gas, new ... I 
TACK SHOP 
All hone *upphe» ......................... 
32188 35oo watt alternator, fused) 1 

37ooR 
37162 
2oo62 
2oo61 

2o72 
Spec. 

3426 

34 71 
3484 

3489 
76327 

6 
1o 
12 
IO 
3o 
18 

1 

4o 

1o 
IOO 
75 
2o 

2o 
1o 

69 95 
79 99 
42 99 
59 99 
9 49 
42 99 
359 95 
4 88 

8 99 
8 99 
11.99 
29 99 

24 99 
34 99 

42 88 
59 88 
21 49 
44 75 
4.75 
22 88 
188 OO 
2 88 

4 88 
6 88 
9 88 
25 88 

2o 88 
18 88 

29 99 59 99 1o,88 

3o9 99 
3o9 99 

399 95 
99 95 

199 OO 
199 OO 

179 OO 
35 OO 

12o 

(Sh**lf umlv ate unassembled in cai ion) 
MEN S WEAR 

Spot,. 
Long sleeve shirts 
28o 
I 1646 Pajamas 
25oo4 Assorted jeans 
Spec. 
Asst, short sleeve spoil sh irts........... b O I I I Jeans 
SHOES 
Spec. 
Women s and < hildren s canvas shoes 
Spec. 
Ladies’ dross Hi (.asea! 
Shoes 16o 
S|>er 
M en's and boys canvas 
PIECE GOODS 

Spec. 
Remnants 
SPORTSWEAR 

Sjiec. 
Sw e aters........ 
Spec. 
Coordinates 
S|it!c. 
Sportswear 

4 99 I I OO 
4BO 
B 99 
2oo 
I I 
It. 

3 99 4 99 
15o 
8 99 

28o 
99 

3 67 
6 97 
o 97 

3 33 
6 97 

3 97 

9 99 It. 6o 
4.97 
38o 
o 99 
4 97 

 price 

15o 
/ 2o 4.99-12.99 
25o 
12 22 8 99-14 99 
6oo ti 16 3 99-1o 99 
JUNIOR BAZAAR 

Spec. 
Dresses and pantsuits 2oo 
IO 51 9.99-32,99 
Spec. 
Sportswear 
25o 
5 44 2 oo-18.99 
BUDGET SHOP 
Asst 
Junior dresses 
4o1199 13 99 4.99-6 99 
Asst. 
Skirts, blouses, jackets 
25 3 99 11.99 1 99-8 99 
Asst 
M isses dresses 
3o 4 99 12 99 2.99-8 99 
Asst. 
Missy skirts, dresses 
BO 
12 99 
8 99 
LADIES' READY-TO-WEAR 
Spec. 
Dresses and Pantsuits 
Polyester and blends 
$12 $42 2o% to 4o% off 
HOSIERY DEPT. 

223 7 
Skimmers, silver .md gold 1o8 
Sjiec. 
Hosiery 
........... 6oo 
1.59 ! 
FOUNDATIONS 
4376 
Bra ......... 
// 
LINGERIE 
2355 
Short gowns 
........... 16 
2356 
Sleepcoat ........... ....... 31 
2357 
Long gowns .............. 22. 
2358 
Long robe .......... 
2o 
Spec. 
Long robes ... 29 $ 1 4 $ 
JEWELRY 
Spec. 
Selected Costume 
Jewelry 4oo 
Spec. 
Selected watch bands ..... 
COSMETICS 
2518 
3 to get featly hair setter 
35 
8779 6 12oo watt styler 
........ 37 
8768 
1ooo watt Mist 8< Dry styler 48 
6368 
1ooo watt md brush styler 42 
Asst. 
W igs ...... 
84 

STUDENT SHOP 
49oo5 Students western and casual jeans ................. 
IOO 
4.99 9 OU 
36514 Students long, sleeve dress shirts 
IOO 3 49 4 49 

4 OO 
2 99 
99 
99-3 99 

3 o o 
I 99 

1o oo 
6 99 
I ? OO 
7 99 
12 CX) 
7 99 
14 OO 
8 99 lh 7.99- 15 99 

2 5 '/a PRICE 
1 (> V* PRICE 

24 99 
19.88 
21 OO 
18 88 
21.99 
16 88 
19 99 
13 88 
9 99 
.97- 
29.99 
1o 97 

GIRLS' WEAR 
IOO 
99 

4 OO 

2 97 

2 27 

1 
329 95 189 88 
I 
274 95 199 88 

.... 2 5 % OFF 
689 99 589.99 

I 99 
3 29 
1 57 
2 79 

355o 
Nylon slip 
.... ........... 
2933 
IOO .. Cotton jmjM knit bikinis 22o 
2972 
Tri blend pantie and vest 
Select group of Winter P J s 
. 
1234 
Pink coordinates; jackets and pants, tops (14 only) 
8o 3.75 6 76 
2.37-.97 

6 49 7 99 
Vi OFF 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS Sunday February 27 1977 

History in the scrapbook 

Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Sutton are pictured (far left) with their I 2 children who grew to adulthood. 
In the insert is Dr. Carrie Jane Sutton Brooks. Seated from left are G .J., Percy, Lillian, Samuel, A.C. and Lillian Sutton-Taylor. Standing from left are Essie Sutton, Mrs. Smithe Henry, Samual J. Jr., 
John W ., William N., Cora Jackson and Oliver C. Sutton. Everyone in this picture graduated from college. At the farm (above) were, from left, Samuel Sutton, Lillian Sutton-Taylor, Lillian B. Sutton, 
Lura Mae Sutton, A.C. Sutton, G .J. Sutton and Jeffery Dean Sutton 
Greene. The famous Dr. 
Booker T. Washington, third from left in front row (below), was guest of honor at a Sept. 26, 1911 dinner held by Samuel J. Sutton, second from right in back row. Dr. Washington was the second black American to be admitted to the U.S. Hall of Fame. 
They’ve come a long way 

 e ve r. is being co ntested by a disgruntled opponent whom lie defeat­ ed in the election. The opponent claim s election irreg u larities, but the Rev. 
Mr. Sutton pooh-poohs the accusations. 
T h e R e v. Sutton w o rks for B e x a r 
County in juvenile delinquency control. 
Impact 

But the Sutton who stayed and made the biggest impact on Texas and San 
Antonio was (i. .I Sutton, who died in 
197ti. 
(I. J. cracked the color line first in 
194:1. becoming the first black in the 
South since Reconstruction Days to win a metropolitan elective post when he was elected to the San Antonio 
Pinon Ju n io r College Board 
He was tin* first black from Bexar 
County since R eco n stru ctio n to be elected to the Texas House of Repre­ sentatives, a feat he accomplished in 
1972. Once elected, (I. J . was selected by fellow black legislators as chairm an of the Texas Legislative Black Caucus. 
Back in 1957. G. J . was forcibly re­ moved from the gallery of the Texas 
House when he protested the passage of a packet of segregation “ hate” bills. 
The bills were subsequently declared unconstitutional by the courts. 
He was arrested and thrown into 
Bexar County jail in 1972 for p artici­ pating iii a m arch protesting racial d iscrim in atio n , and protested as he was being booked into ja il because there were no black .jail officers. W hen a newspaper ran a picture of him being arrested, he proudly clipped it out. framed it. and gave it prominent dis­ play on a wall of his office 
A long way 

( i . .C's funeral last year reflected how far Texas has come since Texas officials were tossing him out of the 
House g allery and throw ing him i i i jail. 
Texas Gov . Dolph Briscoe delivered a eulogy com m ending Sutton for his service, and Texas political leaders from across Texas, black and white, w ere am ong tin* It.OUI) on hand to m ourn his passing. Texas flag s on state buildings were flown at half staff 

 i i i respect to Ii. .I 
But the beat goes on. 
G .C's widow. M rs Lou Melle Sut­ ton. was elected to replace him in the 
Texas House, the second black to be elected to the legislature from Bexar 
County and the first woman ever. 
She appears a worthy successor to her late husband's causes. 

Court Justice O liver Sutton, all of New 
York; Rev. A. C. Sutton and M rs 
Sutton-Taylor. both of San Antonio, and M rs Cora .Jackson, Mrs. Sm ythe 
H e n ry , and M rs 
E s s ie Sutto n , all teachers or supervisors in the O ak­ land. Calif., school system 
P e rc y Sutton was a tria l la w ye r. 
N A A C P olficial. Freedom R id er and 
New York Assemblyman before being elected Manhatteii Borough president. 
Ile attended Tuskegee. Hampton, and 
Columbia colleges, and Brooklyn Law 
School. 

Jo h n 
Sutton w as a p u p il and assistant of D r. George W ashington 
Carver at Tuskegee* Institute* in Alaba­ ma. When Dr. C arver was invite*el to the* Soviet I lium to elo agricultural re­ search, he declined the offer and sug- gested John go instead. John went and spent seven years in Russia, helping formulate the* Russian five-vear plan. 
The* A fro-A m erican new spaper of 
Ja n . 1H. 194J. carried a letter to the* newspaper from Dr C arver i i i answer to reports he* had bee*n offere*d SI75.(MMI a .year bv the Fdison Foundation and vast sums bv the* Russian government to conduct agricultural experiments i i i 
Russia 
Dr Carve r wrote iii part 
“ The* Russian government did offer me a vast sum. but I could not accept I semi one of my pupils. M r. John Sutton. 

Anti now look al I h o rn 

John Sutton (left), the oldest child of Samuel Sutton, says his great-grandfather was a white English sea captain who transported slaves to Norfolk, Va. A.C. Sutton (below left) was one of the family who elected to remain at home, where he went on to prominence as president of the Texas N A A C P. O liver Sutton 
(below right) went to New York, where he is now a state supreme court justice. He complains there are usually only two black faces in his courtroom 
— his and the defendant's. The late G .J. Sutton 
(right), who was once tossed out of the Texas House visitors' galleries for protesting segregation, went on to win a seat in that same House and serve with distinction. Succeeding G .J. after his death is his wife, Lou Nelle Sutton (far right), who is Bexar County's first woman legislator. 

From slaveship backgrounds to modern frro 

 who has been there about seven years, is doing rem arkably well .” 
Judge O liver Sutton was a m unicipal judge before winning his current New 
York Suprem e Court bench. He is a graduate of Tuskegee Institu te and 
Brooklyn Law School. On a Texas v isit to see a younger brother. G. J . Sutton. sworn iii as a Texas leg islato r, the judge said that far too often in his courtroom he sees only two black faces 
— his and that of the defendant at bar 
M rs Sutton-Taylor graduated from 
Fisk and Columbia universities. A re­ tired school teacher, she is active in civil rights and religious work. Like brother John, she is writing a book. 
M iss Essie Sutton recently took 29 handicapped persons, most of them children, on a 29-day tour of W ashing­ ton. 1). C.. New York City, and other points 
It would be sim plistic to say Percy left San Antonio tor New York solely because he was thrown out of a city park because of his race, but is was a contribuing factor. 
John, too 

John left San Antonio for much tin* same reason 
“ I left San Antonio because I didn't like the place." John says now He is in 
San Antonio on a v lsit. 
He recalled when he wasn't allowed in the city’s public library because he was black, even though his father was a high school principal 
Ironically, as director of the Sutton 
Educational Research Fund, John has channeled funds to the San Antonio public library system, but earm arks it for the C arver branch of the system serving tin* black community. 
Not all of the p o litically inclined 
Suttons elected to wash their hands of 
San Antonio and Texas in the face of blatant d isc rim in a tio n for g reen er pastures up East 
The Rev A C. Sutton (the C. stands for C a rver) stayed, as did Mrs. Sut- ton Tavlor A I 
Sutton also is a Tus­ kegee graduate, and he is president of the Texas N A A C P. Ills election, how- 

( ontinued from Page .JA 

 couples could do fancy skatin g. Gut d an cin g w as taboo. S a m u e l w as a 
God-fearing Baptist. 
T w elve of the la Sutton c h ild re n grew to adulthood , and a ll 
12 graduated from colleg es or u n iv e r­ sities. Ten took post graduate courses, and four obtained m aster's degrees. 
Diverse 

The degrees led indiv idual members of the fam ily into politics, law. m edi­ cine, science, agriculture, education, and social work. 
How did a poor black fam ily educate 
12 children in colleges and universities scattered across the country? The Sut­ ton fa m ily used the s ta irc a s e a p ­ proach. sending the oldest child to col­ lege and expecting him to help educate tin* son or d a u g h te r fo llo w in g . It worked successfully on down the line 
Percy was the luckiest child, perhaps 
He was the last of the la children and had no following brothers and sisters 
Maybe that is why In* is the most af­ fluent member of the fam ily today. 
The fam ily still retains the m ortuary business established by the fath er, some rental properties, and tin* 89-acre farm w here Sam uel Sutton received the injuries which led to his death at age 87. He received a broken pelvis when a calf threw him down. and died of an em bolism i i i a local hospital 
M rs Sutton -T aylor, a lady of quiet d ig n ity , re c a lls his death cam e as neighboring ch u rch bells tolled out 
1959 and rang in 1951. 
T h e widow live d fo r an o th er 29 years, but also was to die tragically 
She succumbed to burns received iii a fire at her home in 1971 
She was 97 years old. 
Eight of the Sutton children survive. 
T h e re ’s P e rc y . Jo h n , and Su p rem e 

. 
,<* V 

In a recent protest of the Texas death penalty , for example, sin* declared; 
"W h e n the first Texan flies in the electric chair, be he black, brown or poor w hite. Jim Crow w ill have his hand on the sw itch.” 
It was a statement that G. J. him self would have been proud to make 
Prov mg tin* fruit never falls far from the tree Ju d g e Sutton s son. O liver 
Jr .. is practicing law in his father’s old home town as an a ss is ta n t B e x a r 
County district attorney 
As tor Sam u el's oldest son, Jo h n . lie s looking forward to a visit from Ins son. Ju a n Jo h n o v ic h Setto n . from 
Russia. Setton? John explains there s no “ i i ” sound in Russian, and thus no 
Sutton. 
Ju a n w as born of Jo h n Sutton s m arriage to a Russian woman who has since died. John subsequently m arried his present wife. Bessie, and both live 

 i i i New Y ork 
And Juan Setton? A Russian citizen, he has children of his own. 
Final irony i i i the Sutton story was the refusal late last year by the go­ vernment of South A frica to grant a v isa to Percy Sutton. 

Nations to study ozone threats 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
WASHINGTON - In the aftermath of new studies released last week in Russia and the 
United States, interna­ tional scientists are meeting here Tuesday to study what humans are doing to the stratosphere. 
Scientists from around the world will meet for nine days to study human activities as diverse as the use of fluorocarbon gases in spray cans, ex­ haust gases from high­ flying aircraft and rock­ ets. and the worldwide escape into the atmos­ phere of nitrogen com­ pounds from fertilizers. 
Of particular interest will be the effect of fluorocarbons on ozone in the atmosphere—the subject of studies in the 
U.S. and Russia. 
U.S. study 

In the 
U.S. study released Saturday, scien­ tists at the Commerce 
Department’s National 
Bureau of Standards an­ nounced they discovered that some of the chemi­ cals thought to damage the atmosphere’s protec­ tive ozone layer appar­ ently break down before causing harm. 
But the amount des­ troyed is too small to greatly reduce the over­ all problem, said the 
-scientists. 
They discovered that two implicated fluor­ ocarbon chemicals and another related one break down when ab­ sorbed by sand and bathed in sunlight. 
Dr. Pierre J. Ausloos said this previously un­ suspected breakdown of fluorocarbons illustrates that there may be other unknown processes in nature that affect the amount of fluorocarbons 
Teaching the upper atmosphere. 
But Ausloos said he aloes not believe the process he and Dr, R i­ chard E . Rebbcrt dis­ covered had more than a minimal effect on the to­ tal amount of fluorocar­ bons dumped into the air. 
In Moscow last week, 
Tass 
News 
Agency reported that 
Soviet scientists had found a 
“ greater than normal’’ concentration of chlorine gas in the earth’s upper atmosphere. 
Igor Karol, a Lenin­ grad earth scientist, de­ termined that freon gas represents the single greatest danger to the ozone band. 
Dr. Karol singled out refrigerators as a serious threat to the atmosphere. 
The meeting iii Wa­ shington 
Tuesday is sponsored by the United 
National Environment 
Program and by the 
United States. 
About five months a major report on fluorocarbons and stratospheric ozone, by the National Academy of 
Sciences, emphasized the need for more know ledge of what effects human activities of all kinds are producing on the stratosphere. 
Need laws 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

I U L O f £ m v ts c o u p o n 
C O U P O N f o L U f £ 4 V £ C O U P O N 
C O U P O N 
C O U P O N f n i a 
C O U P O N 

AUNT LYDIA S 1oo% KOBEL 
POLYESTER HEAVY RUG YARN 
O u r U su al 474 
A 
T F 4 
7 o yds. 
« | / 
O u r Usual 874 
^ 
J I < 
3.7-OX. 
Limit 12. rn 
GOO?monday, february 2* 
(N ) 

O u r U su al 894 
MEN S BRIEFS OR T-SHIRTS 

Our Usual M I 
NYLON STRETCH STOCKINGS 
New SPRING COTTON 
KNIT T-TOPS 

Irre gulars. 
S.M .L.XL. 
62 
4 ! 

Lim it 3. 

GOOD M O N D AY. FEBRUARY 2S 
(N ) 

Irregulars. 
Beige tones. 
Assorted sizes. 
Limit 4 pr. 
GOOD MONOAY. FEBRUARY >119 
$148 

(N) 

Irregulars of values to $7. Sizes S.M.I. 
Limit I. 
TICKETED $3. . 

GOOD MONOAY, F IM U A IY 2B 
(N ) 

O ur U su al $ 1 .7 9 
LADIES' & TEENS' BRAS 
Irregulars. 
White. 
Plain and padded cups. Stretch straps. 
Sizes 32 to 38 in A and B cups, limit 2. 

OOOO M O ND AY. F fW U A R Y 2* 
( N ) 

4-ox. R IG H T G U A R D 
DEODORANT 
$I IO! 
Bronze C an or 
D ray Talc 69 
Limit 2 

GO O D M O N D AY, FEBRUA RY 7B 
( N ) 

 i a L o f £ i ( V c C O U P O N 
\ O L O f £ * V E C O U R O N f O L O f £ / | t « C O U P O N f O L O } £ * ¥ £ C O U R O N 
C O U P O N 
^ o 4 o ( C g t f f C O U P O N 

O u r U su al I 24 
METAL AND 
POLYESTER ZIPPERS 

O ur U su al 794 
BOYS’ BRIEFS 

 j 7 to 24” sizes. Assort- j ed colors. Neck open- j ing styles. Limit 12. IO 

. I Irre gulars. 
H I XS.S.AA.L.XL. 

Lim it 3. 

GOOD MONDA 
I 
43 

O u r U su al $ 2 .5 9 
LADIES* SANDALS 
JRS. A N D G IR L S 
FASHION KNIT TOPS 

I First quality. 
I Black or w h it*. 
I Sixes 5 to 1o. Lim it 2. 
I 

.a1 

$142 

OOOO MONOAY. F H B U A IY 28 

Irregulars and se­ conds of values to $6. 
Sizes SJA.L and 4-12. limit I. TICKETED $2... 

OOOO MONO 75 

O ur U su al 694 
INFANTS' UNDERSHIRTS 

 j Irregulars. 
Cotton, j White. Slip and snap j on styles. Sizes to 3o j mos. Limit 3. 

( N ) 
I 
GOOD MONO ii 38 

O u r U su al $ 1 .9 8 
$2.7$ L'OREAl EXCELLENCE 
H A IR C O L O R KIT 
4! 
S h a m p o o in Form ula 

Lim it 2 
$1 39 

G O O P M O N D AY. Bt AROAR Y } « 

 ago. the the 

45” Solid Brushed 
Denim & Twill 
$ # 2 9 
FULL BOLTS 
REG. $1.98 YO yd. 

45" Solid Color 
Satin Back Crepe 
S I 99 

Vfl 

FULL BOLTS 
REG. $2.79 YO............... 

SOLID COLORS 
6o” Qiana $ o 5o 
FULL BOLTS, REG. $3 YO.... yd. 

6o” Spring Linen 
Weave fun bolts, $ ! 59 
COMPARE TO $3.95 YD.... 
■ 

45” 1oo% QIANA 

S era It Prints 
FULL BOLTS, REG. $2 YO.... 

45” Dacron/Cotton 

3-pc.Pant Suits* Skirt Sets^ 

 a- 
A . A A 
^ 
* 1*933 
Irregulars made to sell to $35. Sizes 5-13, 
I f n i i-To, and tome 14V2-24V*. 

TICKETED $15 

Dotted Swiss 
FULL BOLTS, REG. $1.27 YO. . 

 s I yd. 

SO LID CO LO R 
54” Upholstery 

VeloUr 
SOBS 
FULL BOLTS, 

REG. $4.95 YD. yd. 

DESIGNER TYPE 
Printed Decorator 
Fabrics j 

2-pc. Gaucho Sets $ «• 

Irregulars made to sell to 
$35. Sizes 5-1 3 and 6-16. TICKETED $15 r j 

Jumpsuits & Pant Suits 

Irregular* made to sell to 
$ T j 
$3o. Sixes 5-13 and 6 18. TICKETED $13 . . . J O 
2' 9 
' 

FULL BOLTS, COMPARE TO $7 YO. 
OUR WEG. $2.5o ANO $2.79 YO.. • I 99 

YA. 

Sun Dresses, Casual Dresses, 

Long Dresses, Skirt Sets 
$ a 

Irregulars samples made to sell to $4o. 
MF 
{ l f 
| 
Sizes 5-15, 6-18, and some I 4'/2-24’/j. TICKETED $1o TO $18 ... 
■ 

Textured Curtain 

$ ] 25 
Panels 

IRREGULARS OF 

VALUES TO $3.95 . 

Fringed Broadloom Rugs 

27"X36", REG. $3.66...................* 2 49 

Poster Rugs O O 

REG. $1.25............. 
" 
" 

Bath Towels 

Fashion Pants & Skirts, or Pre-Washed Denim 
Jeans and Gauchos 

PRINTS 
PRINTS & SOLIDS 

1 99 
$ 
REG. 
I 
REG. 
$2.5o 
■ 
$3.95 
$ 

 j a tv 
2 
66 

MEN’S FAMOUS MAKERS 
Long orShort Sleeve Sport Shirts 

Irregulars and first quality. Solids, snipes, ar neat prints. Machine washable polyester or polyester/cotton. Tapered body styles or full conventional cut. Many with double pockets. Sizes S.M.L.XL. 
Sold elsewhere to $25. 

OUR REG. $5.98 

$C38 

Irregulars nationally vertised at 
$ 15 to 
Sleet 5' 15 and 6 16 

TICKETED $3 TO $12 .. 

 ad- 
$26$2off 

OUR REG. $6.98 

24 
538 
$624 
$893 
$9 

OUR REG. $9.98 

93 

OUR REG. $1o.98 

77 

FAMOUS MAKERS INCLUDED 
Men’s No-Iron 
Dress Shirts 
$3 5» 

The report said that while more study is needed, all indications are that fluorocarbons arc depicting ozone and that some regulation of 
UM* would almost cer­ tainly bi' necessary. 
Since then, the Food and Drug Adm inistra­ tion. the Environmental 
Protection Agency and the Consumer Product 
Safety Commission have taken steps to ban many fluorocarbon uses within two years. 
Fluorocarbon man­ ufacturers say such ac­ tion is premature and should await further study. Chemical com­ panies say unknown reactions, like the one discovered by Ausloos and 
Kehbert. could reduce the threat. 

Put a member of the 
National Academy of 
Sciences panel who studied the problem and 
|s aware of the new Bu­ reau of Standards study said most new data since the academy report strengthens arguments that there is no unknown factor lessening the problem. 
Worldwide concern about fluorocarbons bas 
Increased since 
1974 when a University of 
California computer study indicated the chemicals used in aerosol spray cans and refriger­ ants reached the upper atmosphere. 

First quality Our usual $3 98. Short 
*!«*ve 6 5 % polyester/3 5 % cotton no iron shirts. Tapered with toils, fit* tf-d sleeves, shaped armholes, and dress or casual collars White Of Spr­ ing colors. Sues 14'/j-1 7 
2 fo r $ 7 
Men’s Knit Shirts in (aden and hist qoekiy Out wjoI 52 ti 
M'vkm* ee-hcfttr p*typ*t»r, cett«i* Short >i#r»r pu He Yen m packet horn wth cotter end lf en' 
M< Vet et a owner* sty** wtth tapered netted body novelty pvt ort «t seymg hen! 5 MI Ut $9 
Mm 
66 

Men’s Dress Pants 
$688 

Irregulars end Inst quality Our usual V T I 
(on*rnttonol bolt loops or contiisrntfll eoist bond styling with ferny hordwore ft si do'time ogshobt* polyester Solids ar fancies finished time bottoms Sues JO to 4o 

FAMOUS MAKERS 
Better Shirts & Tops 

Irregulars nationally advertised at $13 to $ 22 . 
Sizes S .M L., 6 I 8 and some 38 44 
TICKETED $6-$7-$8 

$45o 
- $555 
» $66o 

Blazers & Shirt Jackets 

MANY COLOR COORDINATED TO PANTS & SKIRTS 

Irregulars nationally advertised at $25 to $38. 
Sizes 5 15 and 6 18 
29 
TICKETED $1o$ 
AND $13 ... 795;$1o 

Girls’ Spring and Easter 
Dresses 8 Skirt Sets 

* 2 off 

Irregular $ made to *«ll to 
$2o Size* 4 14, 
TICKETED $7 TO $1o... 

Girls' Pants, Jeans, Skirt 
Irregulars made to sell to 
$ I O Sizes 7-14 
TICKETED $5 AND $6.......... 
* 2off 

MEN S FAMOUS CALIFORNIA MAKER 
P * 4 _ ^ 
Short Sleeve Rugby Shirts 
$69t 

Toddler Girls 

Spring Pant Sets 

£?gu 
'.91 

Pint quality. Our usual $7 98. 1oo% lu*unous 
»cft cotton multi colored stripe body with a white broadcloth collar, placket front styling Assorted colors Preticketed $1d and $15 Sues S aa I.X I 

 v a lu e * 
$9.98. 
Polyester/cotton. 
Pastel color*. Two piece 

* e t * . S iz e * 2 to 4 . 

TICKETED 
* 5 ....... 
$2 

Men’s Fashion Jeans 

 first quality. Our usual $13.96. 
Prewashed 
1oo% cotton wither (■ assorted ' leather-look” pmtuck arider 
I 
M web trim. Fancy front and back 
I ^F pocket treatments. Sizes 28 to 38. 
® 
47 

Spring Lounge Floats 

$635 

Irregulars of value* to $24, 
Acetate/nylon, 
Long length*. 
Prints and solids. Some zipper front*. Sizes S M .I 
TICKETED $8................... 

FAMOUS CALIFORNIA MAKERS 
Men’s Jean Shirts 

Pint qm*Uty O w 
I $9 9tt and J IO 9 * Loup or tho/* »Ie eve 5 fancy pocket*, wpoulei*. bf end trtm, at fancy yoke styles Poly a*ter ond outlet* 
Washable Wends 
Long pewit ratio*.. 
Sizes 
S M L XI 

TODDLERS’ 
Pants or Tops 

 irregular*. 9aty«te»r cotton 
Prtnts <ysd solids. Ploy ween for boys cmd girls Sizes 2 to 4. Shp pm______ 
___________________ 

TODDLERS’ TERRY 
Shorts and Tops 
98’ 

Ladies’ Spring Dusters 

Irregulars of value* to SIO Polyester/cotton 
Short lengths Pastel color* 

P o c k e t s . S iz e s S M 
I 
# a e j- 
TICKETED 
$3 AND $4........ 
Mm 

Ladies’ & Teens’ Pajam as 
*2 

Irregulars of value* to $8. Nylon 
Short sleeve* Tailored and trimmed 
Pastel colors. Size* 32 to 44. 

Irregulars 
Cotton terry 
White and colors 
Elastic waist 
Short sleeves and sleeveless Suet 2 to 4 

Girls’ Spring Gowns & Baby Dolls 

6 9 
Irregulars of vqlues to $5 
Polyester gowns. Sleeveless. Pastel prints and 
Flame retardant Sizes 4 to 14. 

LADIES' AND TEENS' 
Famous Brand Shoes 
MOSTLY FIRST QUALITY TO $35 
Nma, Esprit, Jack Rogers, Felipe, Sandier of Doston, Arpeggio, Amano, 

S Q o 6 
M f l 6 2 
M 
o 4 6 

 and other*. Size* 5 to IO. 
M 
I rn M b 

Ladies’ & Teens’ Spring Sandals 
IRREGULARS A FIRST QUALITY TO $2o 

[ A , 
NEW AU-fN-ONi GARMENT! 
Panty and Panty Hose 
68* 

Irregular* et vqiuet ta ll 79 teige'or**. Son* dottao* leg w*th etterted color pontius Size* P A.T 

J 
7 

MIW GIRDll TOP 

Support Panty Hose 

H m w u e . MID l f SAN ANTONIO 
DIPT. STOA! TO $5. 
Betgaione*, »unton, whit* 
\ | 
Q 4 
Suet PAT Queen, thou and Queen toll 

I FAMOUS NAME COSMETIC SALE I 
I 
All 3 STORES 
Revlon Moondrops Special 
2-oz. Under Makeup 
C 
Moisture Film 
▼ | 59 

2 oz. Moisture Balm 
■ (Reg $1 IO) 

$2 Revlon Naturel Wonder 
Oil Free Medicated Makeup 

Revlon Eyelashes-Boxed.. . 
4 9 ‘ 

$ | 59 

Many are genuine leather From Italy, 
Brazil, and 
Spain. 
White, camel, bone, and other*. Size* 5 to 1o. 

TICKETED 
$7 TO $9 

Girls9 and B o ys9 Easter Shoes 

TICKETED $3.91 
TICKETED $4.91 TO $6.91 
52 
$ 

 pr $7 

Dan River Heavy Support 
Panty Hose 

Irregular* of value* to $5 
Beigetone*. other* 9 A T XT86' 

FAMOUS SHIBtUN! 

I'i ayu lo/* of vogues to 
$14. 
Potent*, *moothi, TICKETED $2.98 suede*, in wedge* cmd 
^ 
. 
_ negative heel*, tie*, and j f f j Q 4 strop*. Sue* 
4'/) to 8 
M and •'/» to 4. 
.____ M i 2 p r . S S 
$o64 
$o5 

» 
J pr. S S 
W 
R 
I OFF 

All Nude Panty Hose 

Irregular* of value* to $ 1.5o. f t % b - i " - a ct tnt net nPkatri rn I # 
Pm and Mlu 

$4.SO Helena Rubinstein Water lilly 

Cleansing Cream 5'A-oi 
Pf! *•/.*?.M. .. 

Carven Robe d un Soir" Eau de Toilette 2 oz.......... 

I-oz. Bonne Bell Shampoo 2ooo or Conditioner 
2 
/ 8 
7 * 
$ I 5 9 
$2.95 I Orca! Extra Body Perm . . . . . Our usual $1.98 
I 
$ 1 49 
$2.5o Helena Rubinstein Bio-Clear Cleanser............. A or 
I 

Purse $ize Norell Spray Cologne 
......... 2/s .i 
$ 2 * . 

$ o 9 1 re 

Fresh U.S. # I Produce 
U.S.D.A. Choice Beef Sale I 

IM e a ts 
D elicatessen 
D elicatessen 
M e a t s 
D r u g s 
G r o c e r i e s 
D a ir y 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 I 9 7 7 
Page I I -A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

6 PACK/32-OZ. BTLS 

PUFFS ASST. 2oo CT. 
FACIAL TISSUE 

HANDY ANDY SLICED 
CHOPPED HAM 

6 PACK/12-oZ. CANS 
KASSEL BEER 
VEGETABLE OIL $1.29 
JULEP CAKE 
GREEN BEANS 4 
POTATO CHIPS 

OPEN SUNDAY 
IO a.m. to 6 p.m 

EXCEPT NO.3o 
CENTRAL PARK 

42 CHOICE 
CHOICE 

IOOI. 
OYSTERS 
PEPPER CHEESE 
POTATO SALAD 
SHARP CHEDDAR^ $1.79 
SOUR CREAM 
DETERGENT 
TOOTHPASTE 

Page 
I 2-A 
H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 1977 
S.^ 4. h o t e l b o o m ’ i s n ’t w h a t it s e e m s 

Continued from Page I V source, who asked that his name not be used. 
He explained many people in the business world noticed the hotel an­ nouncements. When the projects fail to materialize the city’s reputation for getting things done suffers, he said. 
Another critic of the situation, a prominent businessman who asked his name not be published, complained of a lack of support from city government and “ obstructionists” who were more interested in saving old buildings than 

THE 6TH ANNUAL 
UNITED NEGRO COLLEGE FUND 
FRED D. PATTERSON 
AWARDS NIGHT 

 h waring organ! tat urn* u hu h lurt ii '■I'LiMii DutMiindm^ 
L iii tshi/i i/iuurj (Kl- grim th 

 a n j J< ti ii'fnru-Tit n f tlu m w : m i l 

 community iii S.m A ntonio 

 ilihl 
STATEWIDE KICKOFF 

 nftu hilly Liuii. hnifi I s 1977 
Ti i.h iii ii lii|)ini-nf 

 tmh 
Chu si SfViikt'r 

MARSHALL BASS 

Corfu frail’ Director o f P e r s o n n e l DfCi-iofirnrnt 

R I Ri’ynoLLs Indust tics, Im 

T h u rsd a y , M arch I , 1 9 7 7 

B A N Q U E T HALL. C O N V E N T IO N C E N T E R 
S an A n to n io , T exas 

6 OO P M 
Fiir Tici-mjtumi cull 

512/224-1674 

 in progress. 
“ I know of those hotels announced publicly. But I also know of at least fixe more which were planned, but fell through for one reason or another.” lie said. 
The number one stumbling block for many of the would-be developers has been financing. 
Discretion 
The Centro 21 source said reporters should exercise more discretion at press conferences on hotel openings. lh1 said developers announcing hotel 
Mental exam is ordered 

S Y K A L E S E , 
N Y . 
(A P)—A judge 
Sa­ turday ordered a psy­ chiatric examination for an unemployed construc­ tion worker accused til holding a pregnant teen­ ager and her bally hos­ tage alter shooting a man to death in an argument over a pack of cigarettes. 
Leroy Cotton, itll, was held without bail after arraignment before City 
Court .Judge -James .I 
Fahey on one count of second-degree murder. two counts of second-de­ gree kidnaping and two counts of reckless endan­ germent 
An attorney was appointed to repre­ sent Cotton at a hearing 
March 21. 
Cotton was arrested 
Friday alter releasing two hostages he held in his apartment for 13*2 hours. 
Police said Cotton ap­ parently tried to borrow a pack of cigarettes from a neighbor. 
George 
Sparks -Jr.. 24, early 
Friday morning. They said an argument broke out. 

 projects should be asked the following questions. 
• Do they have a management con­ tract signed to assure someone is ready to operate the hotel? 
• Do they have both interim and long-term financing arranged? 
• Are all “ city deals” taken care of, such as land acquisitions and zoning problems? 
“ If all three of these items are not taken care of in advance, then they have nothing to announce.” he said flatly. 
These criteria were used by the Ex- pr ess-News in trying to determine ex­ actly where the proposed hotels stand 
The major hotel project with best chances of construction — the only one with assured financing — is the Wes­ tern International plan. 
Ground breaking 

Western International will hold ground breaking ceremonies after the 
Fiesta observance and before summer. said spokesman Ed Klar. 
The 65o-room complex, to cost ap­ proximately $28 million, will be built over the River Walk extension between 
Market and Commerce streets near 
Marina Parking Garage. 
“ We definitely have our financing arranged and are ready to go. We were going to begin immediately, but were asked to hold off until after Fiesta," 
Klar explained 
Money problems 

The King David Hotel, to be located in the South Texas Building, bt 13 Na­ varro St., is reportedly still a definite proposal but its backers admit to hav­ ing problems with financing arrangements. 
But Jack Yaaler, spokesman for developer 
Efraim 
Abramoff. said the $3.5 m illion, 2oo-room project might begin in a matter of a month or so “ if everything goes as planned.” lie emphasized all tenants have been cleared from tile building except for one restaurant, and the development group has added two additional blue- chip investors. 
When questioned on the project’s viability. Yaaler said: “ I can't tell you the hotel is definite We don’t count on anything until we have the money in our hands but I will say we are opti­ 

 mistic.” 
The Plaza National Hotel is also having financing difficulties although its backers insist it is still a live pro­ ject . 
The planned 25o-room. $8.5 million complex would go on property which the group has already obtained from the city. The property lies along Ar- ciniega Street at the intersection of 
Alamo and Durango streets. 
Developer Jose “ Pepe” Lucero said backers have only this week lined up financing and plan to sign the papers within the next IO days. He refused to name tin' money source but hi' had previously indicated backers were looking in Houston and New York. 
“ We’ve invested many man-hours and dollars in this project and are committed to begin construction with­ in the next four months," lie promised. 
The Hyatt Regency Hotel would be a 
2o-story, 75o-room structure costing 
$32 million, but its money sources have also proven elusive. 
“ I ’m not overly optim istic, but neither am I pessim istic.” (about chances for construction) said Edward 
II. Dennis from his office in Montgo­ mery. Ala. 
6-9 months 

The hotel, which would be located on 
Commerce Street between Navarro and Presa Streets, could become a reality with ground breaking in six to nine months if financing can be ar­ ranged, he said. 
Dennis blamed the new federal tax structure for financing problems, cit­ ing a ( hanged amortization schedule and a tightening of expense account deductions for businessmen. 
“ We’ve been working on this thing for over three years and I think it's safe to say. I would not continue to spend my time and money if I thought it impossible," Dennis insisted. 
The city has already agreed to build a huge parking garage nearby to ac­ comodate hotel guests. 
The Sage Western group originally talked of building a 4oo-room structure on Mulberry Street near the North 
Expressway. Plans were later revised to only JOO rooms. 
But spokesman Bart Palm acknow­ ledged the hotel has never been more than a “ concept* which received pub­ 

 licity during a zoning move. 
“ We aren’t planning to do anything at all until the expressway is complet­ ed.” Palm said. 
Three groups are no longer planning developments. 
ILB. Zachry has attempted several times to expand his Palacio Del Rio 
Hotel. Rebuffed on each occasion, he says he now has no plans at all to add the 384 rooms he once wanted to build onto his Hilton by constructing a wing over Alamo Street 
He criticized the City Water Board. 
City Hall and San Antonio Conserva­ tion Society for blocking his moves. 
The water board earlier had refused to allow Zachry to expand the Hilton onto a piece of property the water board owns. 
Assistance 

“ I just wish City Hall would allow me the same assistance they gave many of these other people.” he said. 
Referring several times to the Con­ servation Society as “ The ladies,” he chuckle “ The ladies always get their way.” 
A group known as the Consortium announced in September, 1975. an am­ bitious project of two hotels involving 

Q uantities Lim ited-Hurry! Shop the G N C Store N e a re st Y O u -N O W THRU M A R C H 5TH 

• S16 E. HOUSTON ST. 
MON FRI 9-7. SAT 9 3o 6, 
SUN I S 

• MCCRELESS 
DAUT IO 9 
• CENTRAL PARK 
OAKY IO 9 
WOOD MESSURI TESTER SO* 

• SO. PARK MAIL 
DAILY IO 9 
• WINDSOR PARK 
DAILY IO 9 
• HIGHLAND MALI 
AUSTIN 
• PADRE STAPLES MALI 
CORPUS CHRISTI 
VITAMIN C 
No 
994 
5oomg 

$ 1 9 9 

M TOO 

No. 
2513 with 
Rose 
Hips 

25o-S4 75 

1 o o omg. 9*92 

 with 
Rose 
Hips $ ‘1W 9 

 t v " too 

25o SB 39 

SOO mg. 

9 5 « 
Ascorbic 
Acid 
IOO 

1 o o o mg. 25°. 
$ 1 9 8 

Ascorbic I 1oO 

Ac,cj 
SOO SS 75 

COMPARE & SAVE! 
COMPAHl Squibb 
Theragran M to Supertron 

MUI ti VHAM INS 
W U U M INI M HI', 

SAM I 
* OM M IU A 
ZSO *4 9o $198 
I 'OO 

 ace • j coMPAHi M iles 
^ 
CHOCKS plus 
-JlRONtoNUTRI 
CHEWS WITH 

' & ; | R o N 

SA M I f I'M MUI A 5-J79 

JZL 

 r~ i 
< iNC 
LIQUID 
Protein 

SBS? 
Cr? 

LIQUID PROTEIN 
PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 

15 G ra m s o I P re d ig e s te d 
Protein per ounce 
PLEASANT TASTING 
IS OI. 
32 CU 

* 6 “ 
* 1 2 “ 

 w 

GERIToL to 
GERI-GEN 
LIQUID 

$ ^ 8 5 
SAMI ro w M u t a 

MILES 
QNE-A-DAY to UNI GEN 
SAMI 
( OUM 

IOC 89o 

Vz GAI. 
$23.oo 
I GAL. 
$4o.oo 
MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN 7 oz. 
45c 

Rich in 
Dietary ( 
Fiber 

 i Theragran to 
- Therapeutic 
Multi Vitamins 
.AW I 
OH MOL A 

 s * 
$179 

GtRITOL to 
GERI GEN 
98C 
* B-Complex ,oo $5.45 

J 5o mg in 8 F A C T O R S 
2 5 o - S 13 OO 

L D 
□ ? 
□ / 
KS?' V IT A M IN E 
$179 po; $o99 

 i 
I 
IO O ll . i i n h . t m m 
IOO 

JOO 
IU 
D alpha 
■ 
No 38 25o $4 49 

TOO 
I U 
□ alpha 

No 86 25o-S7 36 

□ 
□ 

$179 ft $o99 

® 
M ....H m m too 

IOO 
IU 
o-alpha 
No 55 25o-S4 49 

POO 
I U 
Mucd 
No 795 25o-S7 36 
UQM OM IMM! MAQUI 11. It V 
★ 
Compare a ll - s t a r i f 
Protein with Hoffman’s & Save! 

VITAMIN E 
IOO IJJ. 
Capsules 
IOO 

25o 
$1.19 

No 
988 4oo IJJ. 
Capsules 
5o* 

2o o1.U. 
Capsules 

No 
995 

25o 
S3.69 
$ 1 4 9 

I TOO 

1oooI.U. 
Capsules 

2oo 
$13.88 
.-USUL28L 
FOR FAST WEIGHT LO SS! 
•GRAPEFRUIT” 
DIET PLAN 
Eat No Grapefruit... 
3 Tasty and En tov 
Meals Daily. 

18o 
(3o day supply) 
SS 49 

CLIP& 
SAVE 
AT 
GNC 

• QI UQM I car. COUPON 

MILLERS 
UNPROCESSED 
BRAN 

 m m 
K l 

UMI out, UrlttS MOCH X. H7/| 
. ai u*m I wk. cOiu-un pft 

VITAMIN D 

Famous Diet Formula theAU-inOIE 
Kelp, Lecithin, Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B-6 
Tablet. 

America's Most WantedFormulatlon! 

COMPARE 

S M ! 
I OO-SI.49 
5oo-$6.88 

$ o 4 9 
9o% High Protein No 1414 
Compare irith Hoffman 'n A saw Tar 

No 141o Powder 16oz.*S4.35 
Provides 12 gram s of protein in 2 teaspoonfuls 
T a b l e t s 
MALT FLAVORED CHEWABLE 
PROTEIN WAFERS c a c a 
$ T 7 9 
3o delicious-lasting waters 
" w J provide IO gram s protein 
2oo ^ ^ 
6oo 

LOSE FOT 

MOOI I i t TS H i L RS CUO ti YOUH APRI TI Ti Ut I RS YOU t o s t that t ut ha w t ic, ht • n o cal o ro e c o u o t io c, 1 
• OO t n t H e i s t s ' • OO SRt Cl AL C if TS- 
Thanhs to i group O* H e* Vo*1» doctors you can n o * lost* pounds oT ug*y t#1 wtHout jotog on any spacial diet without cutting out any special foods 
H E L P S PE DUCE HU N G RY M O M E N T S 
Tn*-sf- New York doc tors discovered a food adjuvant called M O D EL 
[ TTS 
Mc. de I ens does remark aOK- things ll helps you cut down your calool" ,nt ike t)y a natucji automatic Curbing of the appetite and c l th. ije s a i for fo o d » resu ltin g au to m atically *n a r e d u c e d m tak e 

L_ 

No 1417 
Blendol Capsules 
No 669 
1 o o 
Compart with Hoffman Vt A sore Stir 

Super Blendol Capsules 
No o9o 
Compare with Hoffman 'n A saw Stir 
1oo 
Rapid Gain Weight Powder 
< ton part urith Hoffman 'n A saw tar 
Chocolate No 1411 
Vanilla - No 1412 
4 ID. 
Rapid Gain Weigh! Tablets No 1416 
(im part irith Hoffman s A san :tffr 
2oo 
^ T f f m n f y y f f Y f f f m m m Y f Y f f Y f Y f f Y U Y Y f r 

$ ] 8 9 

$ 2 7 9 

$ 7 4 9 
W 

 of food 
The doctors c*relij8y checked results and here is what they found 
I Weight losses of 6 to 2o pounds wdhout any .ll e«ec Is whatsoever 
? rte of thy- m «n and women who used Model efts lost weight 
Model en* is absolutely sate it i* a food adiuvant not a drug so 

 st id today to *h«d those unwanted pounds and inches it your cond! lion is glandular or organic see your doctor 
Model Oft* may help 

 you '.’ I / on the diet your doctor recommend* As*, hun apout it 
One Mode* eft* Water ha* the hunger salt*- 
2 MONTH tying capacify of I lo 
Cl lo o t v 

 boiled potatoes or a 
IL 
M Jr r L Y 

 e g g * or 5 shoe* ot w hite 
Oread yet it contains only 6 calories 
No. 787 onl 
$5 inly 

. o o 

□ 

MILK 
Vt GAL. 
YOU SAVI 1o4 
UNI N U I M t n & i i in WY -T y T T ^ -;-' 
I. .I".....Pl—..... ll. h i 
— 

PUMPKIN 
^ 
4o1 

Seeds *2 ® 

R e a d y lo e a t 

 m 
I lb. YOU SAVE SOC 
(fin OOM, Oftae MUKn l.TYFF 
L it 
»«i nami OM f miens 
[“f. <7)4 L 'v/ 
FARM fresh 
EGGS 

G R A D ! A LARGE 

DOZ 69 

YOU SAVE 1 o 4 ti MMCMX. IWP 
.kl if Ahi I CIM t til 1.1 IN 
LONG GRAIN 
BROWN 
RICE 
16 OZ 

OLDFASHIONED 
PEANUT i‘, 8 g c 
.BUTTER 
"Tig* T\ W oBrw A aigSTW m c .-■> r j RAI UAH » urn, COUPON [' 

YOU SA V E IOC M 

RAISIN BRAN 
GRANOLA 
CEREAL 
1 3 o z 
YOU SAVE 4oc 

 l i m 
.-Hi ie lf I' CMC ceycoM L> 
LOW SODIUM 
CORN 
FLAKES 

I OZ 

 u met aw. HWU moon j 
Y'hj «k<ukini fast coofs 
^DELICIOUS, NATURAL 

TAS-T-SoYS 
Jumbo Split Soybeans 
TOASTED Reg 
SALTED si.o9 

Natural Multi-Vitamins 
PREVENTRoN 
WITH ZINC 

12 O Z . 
YOU SAVE IOC 
LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJvAAAA 

DELICIOUS. NATURAL ■ 
Licorice 4 9 ^ 
Bits 
6 Vq O Z . 
YOU S A V I IOC P ’ 

 til tfkH CNC COXTON piiW-'tVCS/!'-.'/ 

TOASTED 
SOYBEANS 6 9 $ h- 

5 Varieties 12 OZ 
YOU SAVE 2oC s a ja w n a m w ^ 
>ki ukki t UM "wol T rfg fe : 

OlOWItt MAH (OU 
BREAD 
24 oz 
YOU SAVI I Of g M W K l l M l W B M • 

 c o c o n u t 
C 4 H I Q 
Macaroons*] 

YOU SA V E M e l 
UMI OM UHN! kUOts I IQM KYSjfg 

1,o5o rooms. The largest was to be near 
HemisFair in the block bounded by 
Commerce, Blum . Bowie and Elm 
Streets. 
“ It's as dead as a door nail,” de­ veloper Eugene Dabney told the Ex­ press-News. 
Dabney explained financiers didn't like his planned site and also blamed the controversy over a city-owned parking garage and its relationship to any new hotel. 
Granada Royale 

The Granada Royale Hotel involved 
15o rooms, costing $7.5 million, for the 
Arciniega Street property which was awarded to the Plaza National Group. 
Spokesman L. Low ry Mayes was not available for comment but another source close to the developing group said there were no present plans to put the proposed hotel on another site. 
While downtown hotel projects have stumbled, meanwhile, suburban con­ struction has proceeded. Only major high-rise hotel to open in here in se­ veral vears is the new 1o-story, 
2oo-room 
San 
Antonio/Airport 
TraveLodge. 
It opened last week along IU 41o on the North Side. 
UGANDA 

 the slaughter’s aftermath 
“ All the heads had been smashed in, and the floor was littered with eyes and teeth,” Mugahi was quoted saying. 
“ During the previous night we did not hear any shots, only some thudding noises from the adjoining rooms. 
“ We heard short cries and then sud­ den silence. I think the victims were strangled and then had their heads smashed.” 
Mugabi. a craftsman who said he had been liv ing in the Kampala suburb of Kisenvi, said he was seized by 
Amin s security forces Feb. 17 and thrown in a cell at the Makindve mili­ tary police headquarters because he once had been a supporter of the party led by former President Milton Obote. the man Amin overthrew in January 
1971. 

He said he was freed three days later. 
Mugabi’s story was the latest in a swelling flow of unconfirmed reports from I ’ganda that thousands of people, primarily members of the northern 
Langi and Acholi tribes, have been slaughtered since Amin claimed he uncovered and crushed a plot to overthrow him two weeks ago. 
According to the Ugandan strong­ man. the plot was masterminded by 
Obote and centered among the predominantly Christian Langts and 
A (.'hobs. 
The reports, and particularly the death of Anglican Archbishop Janani 
Luwutn iii what the government said was an auto accident, have drawn howls of outrage from around the world. 

Se c re ta ry of S ta te C y ru s 
Vance talks w ith reporters 

Amin also wired a long and rambling t able to President Carter, telling him the United States should consider its own violations of human rights before meddling in Ugandan affairs. 
Chambers 
Mugabi told the Daily Nation that all prisoners at Makindyc were divided into separate cells for m ilitary per­ sonnel, political prisoners and 
“ elimination chambers." 
On the night of Feb. 18, he was quoted us saying, all the Langi tribes­ men among the prisoners were herded out of their cells and killed. 
The next morning he and other pri­ soners were taken out of their cells, served tea and led into some rooms, where they found a grisly scene, 
Mugabi said. 

Ex-tycoon 
J sentenced 

NEW YORK (A P) - 
Lowell 
B irre ll, a 
7o-year-old former ty­ coon who admitted swin­ dling stockholders out of 
$14 million, has been or­ dered to serv e a one-year sentence in the Bikers 
Island Hospital. 

LAS VEGAS 
CHARTERS 
FREQUENT DEPARTURES 
* 2 1 9 . o o 
SA F A R I W O R LD T R A V E L 

8 2 8 - 5 6 2 9 
OOO V K . LO O P H O . . .782o91 

TEXAS STATE BANK 

"The Bank With A Heart" 

WELCOMES TWO NEW DIRECTORS 

• DIRECTOR • 

KATHLEEN VOIGT 

DORA GROSSENBACHER 

Ms Kathleen Voigt Chairman 
Board of Directors of San 
Antonio College of Medical and Dental Assistants. Mem­ ber of Texas Proprietary 
Sch o o l C om m ission and member National Association of Trade and T e ch n ical 
Schools, Washington, D.C. 
Ms. Voigt has a BA from the 
University of Texas, Master of Arts in Government from 
St. Mary’s University, San 
Antonio. 

• ADVISORY DIRECTOR • 

Dr. Dora Grossenbacher Dean of students University of 
Texas at San Antonio. She was Dean of Women at St. 
Mary's University for nine years. Received doctorate in 
Education Psychology from the University of Texas at 
Austin. Dr, Grossenbacher was president of the Texas 
Association of Colleges, Uni­ versity student personnel 
Administrators, and is direc­ tor of United Way, 

1811 S.W.W. WHITE San Antonio mwhIiw i.p.i.c. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1 9 7 7 
Page I 3-A 

 starts monday! one day only 

Every single item below is reduced at least I / 3 off the last selling price! You won’t believe the values Dillard’s is offering during this great end of the month sale. Quantities are limited, so hurry in for these specials. No mail or phone orders please. 

CENTRAL PARK 
WOMEN AND GIRLS 

2 M int qreen bridesmaid dresses, orig. $ 4 4 , were 2 1 .9 9 , now . . . . 1 4 .6 9 
5 Sweater dresses, orig. $ 3 4 -4 4 , were 2 9 .9 9 -1 9 .9 9 . . 
1 9 .9 9 to 1 3 .9 9 
8 Pierre Cardin skirts, orig. $ 3 8 , were 1 8 .9 9 , n o w ................................1 2 .6 9 
25 Ladies long dresses, orig. $ 1 8 -3 8 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
9 .9 9 
2o Shirt and skirt sets, orig. $ 2 6 -3 o , were I 9 .9 9 , n o w ..........................I 2 .9 9 
4 Long skirts, orig. I 1 .9 7 , were 5 .9 9 , n o w .................. 
3 .9 9 
3 W ood ponchos, I size, orig. $ 6 2 , w ere 4 o .9 9 , n o w .......................2 7 .3 3 
7 W om en's large sweaters, orig. $ 3 o , were I 9 .9 9 , n o w .................... I 3 .3 3 
IO Half-size print dresses, orig. $ 2 o , were 1 4 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
9 .9 9 
3 Half-size print dresses, orig. $ 2 o , were 1 4 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
9 .9 9 
3 Half-size long dresses, orig. $ 4 2 , were 2 7 .9 9 , n o w ..........................I 3 .9 9 
I 2 M aternity pants, orig. $1 2, were 4 .9 9 , n o w ....................................... 
3 .3 3 
1 V ictor Costa long dress, orig. $1 8 o , was I 2 o .9 9 , n o w ................ 8 1 .o 6 
25 Long sleeve print shirts, orig. $ 1 8 , were 8 .9 7 , n o w ......................... 
5 .9 9 
8 Light color cotton jeans, orig. $1 7, were I 1 .2 9 , n o w ...................... 
7 .5 2 
5 Cotton print skirts, orig. $ 2 5 , were I 6 .6 9 , n o w ...................................... 1 1 .1 2 
4 Cotton short skirts, orig. $1 7, were I 1 . 2 9 ........................................... 
7 .5 2 
29 Long sleeve print bow blouses, orig. $ 1 9 , were I 1 .3 9 , now . . . . 
7 .6 3 
I 4 Cotton pull-on pants, orig. $ I 5, were 9 .8 9 , n o w ............................... 
6 .6 o 
I 3 Long sleeve solid blouses, orig. 
1 o .9 7 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ................ 
6 .6 9 
9 Solid color long skirts, orig. $ 2 4 , were 1 5 .9 9 , n o w ..........................1 o .7 1 
4 Solid color short skirts, orig. $ 2 3 , w ere I 3 .9 9 , no w .......................... 
9 .3 7 
3 o C otton/po lyester tunics, orig. $ 1 9 , were 1 2 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
8 .6 9 
2 Q ia n a *, nylon pants, orig. $ 2 3 , were 1 3 .9 9 , n o w ............................. 
9 .3 7 
4 Light blue vinyl jackets, orig. $ 3 8 , w ere I 8 .9 9 , n o w ....................... I 2 .6 6 
24 Polyester print skirts, orig. $1 8 , were 8 .9 9 , n o w ................................ 
$ 6 
IO Polyester solid color shorts, orig. $ 1 5 , w ere 9 .9 9 , now 
. . . ____ 
6 .6 6 
IO Long sleeve blouses, print, orig. $ 2 2 , were 1 o .9 7 , n o w ................. 
7 -3 9 
23 Famous label junior pants, orig. 9 .9 9 , were 7 .4 9 , n o w ................... 
4 .9 9 
I o Brown or rust junior blazers, orig. $ 2 8 , were I 3 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
9 .2 9 
I 3 Junior tunic vests, orig. $ I 8, were 8 .9 9 , n o w ...................................... 
5 .9 9 
5 Assorted junior blazers, orig. $ 3 o , were 1 4 .9 9 , n o w ....................... 
9 .9 9 
3 Junior ski jackets, orig. $ 3 4 , were 1 6 .9 9 , n o w ...................................I 1 .9 9 
7 Junior satin pants, acetate, orig. $ 2 o , were 9 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
6 .9 9 
I 2 Toddler ponchos, assorted colors, orig. $ 1 o , were 4 .9 9 , now. . . . 3 .3 3 
5 Toddler quilted robes, orig. $ 1 1 , were 5 .4 9 , n o w ............................. 
3 .6 1 
4 G irls' 2-4, beige blouses, orig. 7 .6 o , were 3 .7 9 , n o w .................... 
2 .5 2 
9 Long sleeve shirts, size 4 to 7, orig. 8 .5 o , were 4 .2 9 , n o w 
2 . 8 t 
43 4-6x long sleeve knit tops, orig. $6 , were 2 .9 9 , n o w ....................... 
$ 2 
I 2 Beige with red trim blouses,orig. $ 1 o , w ere 4 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
3 .3 3 
44 Assorted skirts, sizes 7 to 14, orig. $ 1 o , were 3 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
2 .6 6 
19 Pre-teen long sleeve blouses, orig. $ 1 o , were 4 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
3 .3 3 
5 G old filigree trash cans, orig. 2 o .2 5 , w ere $ 1 5 , n o w ....................... 
$ 1 o 
4 Pin-curl bonnets, orig. 3 .7 5 , were 1 .8 8 , n o w ...................................... 
1 .2 5 
5 Intimate g ift sets, orig. 5 .5 o , were 4.1 2, n o w ...................................... 
2 .7 5 
2 Moon Drops g ift sets, orig. 8 .5 o , w ere 6 .3 8 , n o w ............................. 
4 .2 2 
2 o o Pairs wom en’s dress pumps, orig. $1 7, were 8 .5 o , n o w ............... 
5 .6 7 
8 o Children’s sneakers, orig. $1 2, were 8 .9 o , n o w ................................ 
5 .9 4 
4 6 Children's sandals, orig. $ 8 , w ere 6 .9 o , n o w ...................................... 
4 .6 o 
146 Pairs casuals, not all sizes, orig. $1 3, were 9 .9 o , n o w .................. 
6 .6 o 
9 o Pairs women cobra sandals, orig. $ 2 5 , w ere I 4 .9 o , n o w ............... 
9 .9 4 
9 Fall handbags, orig. 2 2 .9 7 , w ere I 8 .9 9 , n o w ......................................I 2 .7 2 
1o Leather shoulder bags, orig. $ 2 7 , were 1 5 .9 9 , n o w ..............................1 o .7 1 
25 various wallets, orig. $ 4 -1 2 , were 2 .8 o to 8 .7 5 , n o w . . 
1 .8 7 to 5 .8 6 
25 Assorted handbags, orig. $ 1 4 , were 6 .7 7 , n o w ................................... 
4 .5 3 
3 o Assorted belts, orig. $ 4 -8 , were 1.9 9 to 3 .9 9 , n o w 
9 9 4 to 2 .6 7 
MEN AND BOYS 
8 Botany 3-pc. suits, orig. $ 6 5 , were 3 9 .9 9 , n o w ................................2 6 .6 6 
3 o Pairs o f tube socks, orig. 1 .5 o , were 4 9 $ , n o w ................................... 
3 2 4 
16 Husky shirts, orig. 7 .5 o , were 3 .9 9 , now 
...................................... 
2 .6 7 
2 7 Mann Iron pants, size 16, orig. 8 .9 9 , w ere 5 .4 9 , n o w .................... 
3 .2 6 
35 Dallas Cowboy hero T-shirts, orig. $ 5 , w ere 2 .9 9 , n o w .................... 1 .9 9 
16 Peter Duck fan shirts, sizes 1o -1 2 , orig. $ 5 , were 3 .9 9 , now . . . 
2 .6 7 
I Van Heusen dress shirt, orig. 7 .5 o , was 5 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
3 .9 9 
8 Van Heusen dress shirts, orig. $ 7 , were 4 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
3 .3 3 
9 Sport coats, orig. $ 9 o , were 5 9 .9 9 , n o w ................................................. 3 9 .9 9 
9 Leisure suits, orig. $ 1 1 o , were 5 9 .9 9 , n o w ...............................................3 9 .9 9 
4 9 Seersucker robes, orig. $ 1 4 to 1 5 .9 7 , w ere 9 .9 9 , n o w .................. 
6 .6 6 
22 Sweater turtle necks, orig. 5 .9 9 , were 3 .9 9 , n o w ............................. 
2 .6 6 
14 Sweaters, orig. 2 8 .5 o to $ 3 o , were 1 9 .9 9 , n o w ................................... 1 3 .3 3 
8 1oo% polyester slacks, orig. 1 3 .9 9 , w ere 1 2 .9 7 , n o w .................. 
8 .6 5 
16 Corduroy lockets, orig. $ 3 o , were I 7 .9 9 , n o w ...................................I I .9 9 
32 Corduroy jeans, orig. $ 2 8 , were 1 7 .9 9 , n o w ......................................l l .9 9 
I I Young mens’ print shirts, orig. 8 .9 7 , w ere 6 .9 7 , n o w ....................... 
4 .6 6 
1o Young mens' nylon shirts, orig. $ 1 3 , w ere 9 .9 9 , n o w ....................... 
6 .6 6 
4 Young mens' polyester/c o tto n shirts, orig. $ 1 5 , were 9 .9 9 ............ 
6 .6 6 
15 Young mens' cotton shirts, orig. $ 1 2 *1 6 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
6 .6 6 
6 1oo% cotton denim jeans, orig. I 2 .5 o , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
6 .6 6 
I 5 Assorted leans, orig. 9 .9 7 to $ I 7, w ere 7 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
5 .3 3 
1o Denim jeans, orig. $ I 8 -2 o , were I 1 .8 8 , n o w .................................... 
7 .9 2 
9 Assorted denim jeans, orig. $ 1 5 -1 8 , w ere 9 .9 9 , n o w ....................... 
6 .6 6 
I 3 Green or beige boys’ slacks, orig. 9 .7 5 , were 4 .8 9 , n o w ............... 
3 .2 6 
72 Pairs men s canvas shoes, orig. $1 3, were 6 .9 o , n o w ..................... 
4 .6 o 
4 o Pairs men’s chukka boots, orig. $ 1 5 , w ere 1 o .9 o , n o w .................. 
7 .2 4 
FOR THE HOME 
5 Frames, orig. $ 5 , were 2 .4 9 , n o w ............................................................. 
1 .6 6 
IO Frames, orig. $6, were $ 3 , n o w .......................... ...................................... 
1 .9 9 
3 Frames, orig. $ 1 o , were $ 5 , n o w ................................................................ 
3 .3 5 
3 Frames, orig. $8, were 3 .9 9 , n o w ....................................................... . 
2 .6 7 
3 Norm an Rockwell ort canvasses, orig. $ 5 , were 2 .5 o , n o w 
1 .6 7 
1o Staioneries, orig. 2 .2 5 , were 1.2 5 , n o w ...................................................... 8 3 4 
I Stationery, orig. 3 .9 5 , was $ 3 , now . . . . . . . . ................................ 
1 .9 9 
I Fortune game, orig. 1 9 .9 5 , was 9 .9 5 , n o w ........................................... 
6 .6 6 
8 Chess games, orig. 1 9 .9 5 , were $5 , n o w .............................................. 
3 .3 5 
I 5 Desk pen holders, orig. 3 .3 o , were 1 .9 9 , n o w 
................. 
1 .3 3 
3 Desk cups, orig. $4 , were 2 . 9 9 .................................................................. 
1 .9 9 
IO Letter openers, orig. 2 .2 o , were 1 .6 9 , n o w ............................................ 
1 .1 3 
5 Letter holders, orig. 2 .5 o , were 1.9 9 , n o w ........................................... 
1 .2 9 
5 Fieldcrest twin spreads, orig. $ 3 o , w ere 2 4 .9 9 , n o w ...........................1 6 .6 6 
4 Fieldcrest full spreads, orig. $ 3 5 , w ere 2 9 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
$ 2 o 
1 G rand Bahamas full spread, orig. $ 5 o , was 4 4 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
$ 3 o 
3 G rand Bahamas queen spreads, orig. $ 5 8 , w ere 4 9 .9 9 , now . . . 3 3 .3 3 
2 G rand Bahamas king spreads, orig. $ 6 5 , w ere 5 4 .9 9 , now . . . . 3 6 .6 6 
4 Twin dust ruffles, orig. $ 3 5 , were 2 9 .9 9 , n o w ...................................... 
$ 2 o 
5 Full dust ruffles, orig. $ 4 5 , were 3 9 .9 9 , n o w ............................... 
2 6 .6 6 
2 Queen dust ruffles, orig. $ 5 5 , were 4 9 .9 9 , n o w ................................... 3 3 .3 3 
1 King dust ruffle, orig. $ 6 5 , was 5 9 .9 9 , now , 
. 
$ 4 o 
2 4 8 ” x 8 4 ” drapery, orig. $ 4 o , were 2 9 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
$ 2 o 
3 Floor pillows, orig, $ 3 5 , were 2 9 .9 9 , n o w ............................................ 
$ 2 o 
26 Shakespeare study guides, orig. $ 1 , were 2 9 $ , n o w ................. 
1o4 
Shopworn books, orig. 1 2 .5 o to $ 3 5 , were 6 .2 5 to 1 7 .5 o . 3 .2 5 to 9 .5 o 
C hildren’s books, orig. 3 .5 o , were 1 .9 5, n o w ................................ 
5 o 4 to $1 
2 Yellow 4 x 6 ’ bathroom carpet, orig. $ 
I 8, were I 4 .9 9 , now . . . . 9 .9 9 
9 Assorted 5 ’x 6 bathroom carpet, orig. $ 2 2 , were I 7 .9 9 , now 
. . l l .9 9 
4 Assorted 5 x 8 ’ bathroom carpet, orig. 
$ 2 8 , were 2 1 .9 9 , now 
. . 1 4 .6 6 
16 Raggedy Ann Stnd. pillo w coses, orig. 
$ 3 , were 2 .4 9 , n o w 
1 .6 6 

2 Silverplated relish trays, orig. I 2 .9 9 , were 9 .9 9 , now . . . . 
6 .6 6 
6 Silverplated round trays, orig. I o .9 9 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
6 .6 6 
4 63-pc. sets stainless, orig. 3 3 .9 9 , were 2 7 .8 8 , n o w ...........................1 8 .5 8 
3 IO ’’ silverplated trays, orig. 1 9 .9 9 , w ere 1 4 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
9 .9 9 
2 Silverplated G allery trays, orig. 2 7 .9 9 , were 2 4 .9 9 , n o w .................. 1 6 .6 9 
9 Permatel toasting plates, orig. I 2 .4 9 , were 9 .9 9 , no w . . . . ------- 
6 .6 6 
5 pr. Permatel candlesticks, orig. 1 4 .9 9 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ................. 
6 .6 6 
2o Silverplated candy dish, orig. 4 .9 9 , w ere 3 .9 9 , now . . . . ............ 
2 .6 6 
4 9 o " round tablecloths, orig. $ 4 o , were 3 7 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 2 5 .3 3 
5 7 o " round tablecloths, orig. $ 2 8 , were 2 4 .9 9 , n o w ...........................1 6 .6 6 
5 7 Assorted tulip pattern napkins, orig. $2 , were 1 .7 9 , n o w .............. 
1 .1 9 
8 Print table cloths, orig. $1 2, were 8 .9 9 , n o w ...................................... 
5 .9 4 
12 Footballs, orig. 13.95 to 1 4 .9 5 , w ere 1 2 .9 5 , n o w .......................... 
8 .6 * 
1 Free form skateboard, orig. 2 4 .9 5 , was 2 2 .9 5 , n o w 
I 5 .3 C 
3 V olle yball/badm into n sets, orig. 1 5 .9 5 , were 1 2 .9 5 , now . . . . . 
8 .6 4 
5 Baseline tennis rackets, orig. I 9 .9 5 , were I 7 .9 5 , n o w ........................I I .9 9 
4 Sets Mark Spitz swim fins, orig. 9 .9 5 , were 8 .9 9 , n o w .................... 
5 .9 5 
5 o Smithwick fishing lures, orig. 1 .1 9 , were I .o 9 , n o w 
............ 
7 3 4 

MILITARY PLAZA ONLY 
WOMEN AND GIRLS 
9 Sweater dresses size 8-1 6 , orig. $ 3 4 , were I 6 . 9 9 .......................... l l 
.3 3 
4 2-pc. yellow nylon skirt sets, orig. $ 3 8 , were I 7 . 7 6 ....................... l l 
.8 4 
3 Red polka-dot sundresses, orig. $ 4 2 , were 2 o .9 9 .......................... 
1 3 .9 9 
4 Green cotto n /p o lye ste r dresses, orig. $ 6 6 -7 o , were 2 9 .9 9 . . . 
1 9 .9 9 
2 Dresses, orig. $ 4 4 , were 2 1 .9 9 ............................................................... 
1 4 .6 6 
I N avy long sleeve dress, size 8, orig. $ 5 o , was 2 2 .9 9 ................. 
I 5 .3 3 
1 Pink linen dress, size IO , orig. $ 6 6 , was 2 4 .9 9 ................................ 
1 6 .6 6 
2 Jumpers w /turtle-n eck top, size I 2 & I 4 orig. $ 4 6 , was 2 2 .9 9 . I 5 .3 3 
1 Sundress size I 4, w hite w /n a v y , orig. $ 4 8 , was I 8 . 9 9 .............. 
I 2 .6 6 
3 Long dresses, assorted styles, orig. $ 4 2 -4 6 , were 1 9 . 9 9 ............ 
1 3 .3 3 
I 3 Cardigan sweaters, as is, orig. $ I 3, were 2 .9 7 . ............................. 
1 .9 8 
9 Long sleeve cotton tops, size M , L, orig. $ 1 6 , w ere IO 9 9 ...................7 .3 3 
3 Long sleeved sheer blouses, sizes 8, 12, orig. $ 1 4 , were $ 7 . . . . 4 .6 7 
2 Tank tops, size small, orig. $ 1 o , were 6 . 9 9 ...................................... 
4 .6 6 
8 Long sleeve polyester tops, size 3 4 -3 8 , orig. $1 2, were 
$6 . . . 
$ 4 
6 Short sleeve polyester tops, small, orig. $1 2, w ere 5 . 9 9 ............ 
3 .9 9 
5 Mock turtle sleeveless polyester tops, orig. $ 1 o , were $ 6 ............ 
$ 4 
1 Polyester/w o o l skirt, orig. $ 1 9 , was 1 2 . 6 7 ...................................... 
8 .4 5 
4 Polyester and w ool skirts, orig. $ 3 1 , were 2 o .6 7 ............................. 
1 3 .7 8 
2 pr. checked slacks, size 6, orig. $ 1 8 , were 1 o . 7 7 .......................... 
7 .1 8 
1 pr. slacks, size 16, orig. $ 2 1 , w ere 1 3 .9 9 ..................................................9 .3 3 
6 Long sleeved striped cardigan, orig. $ 3 4 , were 2 2 .6 7 
I 
5 .1 I 
2 Long sleeved polyester blazers, brow n, orig. $ 4 7 , w ere 3 o .9 9 . 
2 o .6 6 
1o p r . 1oo% wool slacks, size 8 -1 4 , orig. $ 2 8 , were 1 3 .9 9 ............ 
9 .3 3 
1 Long gown, orig. $ 1 8 , was 8 . 9 7 ............................................................. 
5 .9 8 
2 Long gowns, orig. $ 1 o , were 8 .9 7 .......................................................... 
5 .9 8 
2 O lga long gowns, orig. $ 2 3 , w ere I 1 . 4 5 ..................................................7 .6 3 
I Long gown, orig. $ 1 1 , was 7 . 9 9 ............................................................. 
5 .3 3 
I Long gown, orig. $1 2, was 7 . 9 9 ............................................................. 
5 .3 3 
I Robe, orig. $ 2 o , was I 2 . 9 9 ...................................................................... 
8 .6 6 
I Vassarette gown, orig. $ 1 1 , was 8 . 9 9 ................................................. 
5 .9 9 
1 Long gown, orig. $ 1 o , was 5 . 9 9 ............................................................. 
3 .9 9 
2 Kimonos, orig. I 1.9 7 , were 9 . 9 9 .......................................................... 
6 .6 6 
2 Knit gowns, orig. $ 2 o , were 1 2 . 9 9 ....................................................... 
8 .6 6 
2 Blue front-button skirts, size 13, orig. $ 1 8 , were 8 99 ................. 
5 .9 9 
4 Brand-name vests, sizes 9 ,1 1 , orig. $ I 8, were 8 . 9 9 . ................. 
5 .9 9 
4 Fall vests, orig. $ 1 8, were 8 . 9 9 ............................................................. 
5 .9 9 
4 Solid color slacks, orig. $ 2 o , were 9 . 9 9 .............................................. 
6 .6 6 
6 Solid polyester long sleeve blouses, orig. I 1.9 7 , were 8 .9 9 . . . 
5 .9 9 
5 Solid cotton long sleeve blouses, orig. 5 .9 9 , were 3 . 9 9 .............. 
2 .6 6 
5 Sweaters, long sleeve, I ’/? yrs. old, orig. $ 2 o , were 9 . 9 7 ..................6 .6 5 
3 Striped Am el jumpsuits, size 9 -1 3 , orig. 1 9 .9 7 , were 9 .9 9 , , . . 
6 .6 6 
3 Long dresses (old, old) orig. $ 2 o , were 6 .9 9 ...................................... 
4 .6 6 
2 Sleeveless dresses, size 8 & I 3, orig. $ 3 o , were I 4 9 9 .............. 
9 .9 9 
I 5o pcs. Jewelry, orig. $ 2 -3 , were 9 9 $ .................................................... 
6 6 4 
3 o o pr. Julie Ann panty hose, orig. 9 9 4 , were 4 9 $ ............................... 3 3 4 p r. 
8 Shawls, orig. $ 6 -8 , were 4 .9 9 
21 Leotards, orig. $ 1 1 , were 7 .9 9 
36 Cotton scarves, were 1.9 9 . . . 
21 Jean jackets, orig. 9 .9 9 , were 4 .7 9 

3.33 
5.33 
1.33 
3.19 
41 G irls gowns, 2 to 4 yr., orig. $ 7 , w ere 3 . 7 9 ...................................... 
2 .5 3 
3 Infant girls coats, orig. I 6 .9 9 ,w ere 1 2 . 7 9 ......................................... 
8 .5 3 
2o G irls long gowns, orig. $ 9 , were 4 . 4 9 ................................................. 
2 .9 8 
6 pr. pajamas, broken sizes, orig. $ 1 o , were 4 . 9 9 ............................. 
3 .3 3 
8 Long sleeve knit tops, orig. $ 1 1 , were 5 . 4 9 ...................................... 
3 .6 6 
6 girls fall dresses, broken sizes, orig. $ 1 o , were 4 . 9 9 .................... 
3 .3 3 
MENS AND BOYS 
2 Infant boy coats, orig. 2 1 .5 o , w ere 1 o . 7 9 ........................................ 
7 .1 9 
144 pr. LeRoi socks, orig. 3 /2 .9 5 , were 49$ p r....................................... 3 3 4 p r. 
6 Jackets, orig. $ I 3 -1 7 , w ere 4 . 9 9 ........................................................ 
3 .3 3 
19 Long sleeved knit shirts, orig. $ 5 -8 , w ere 2 . 9 9 ................................ 
1 .9 9 
2 o M en’s Long sleeve sport shirts, w ere 6 .9 9 ........................................... 
4 .6 6 
IO Leisure suit tops, were 7 . 9 9 ..................................................................... 
5 .3 3 
51 Ties, were 1 .9 9 ............................................................................................... 
1 .3 3 
4 9 Long sleeve dress shirts, were 3 . 9 9 ....................................................... 
2 .6 6 
4 o pr. Men s underwear, were 75$ p r............................................................ 5 o 4 p r . 
16 pr. denim jeans and vests, were 9 . 9 9 .................................................... 
6 .6 6 
2 o Young men’s jean shirts, were 5 . 9 9 ....................................................... 
3 .9 9 
6 Men s plaid suits, were 5 9 8 8 ..................................................................... 3 9 .9 2 
24 Ties, were 49$ ............................................................................................... 
3 3 4 
FOR YOUR HOME 
I 2 boxes stationery, orig. $ 2 ........................................................................... 
1 .3 3 
I Photo billboard, orig. I 2 . 5 o .............. 
8 .3 3 
6 Crewel kits, orig. $ 5 ....................................................................................... 
3 .3 3 
I 5 Party favors, orig. 1.25 ............................. 
8 3 4 
1 Bride s Bible, orig. $ 1 1 ......................................................... 
7 .3 3 
8 24-pc. beverage sets, were I 1 .9 9 .......................................................... 
7 .9 9 
8 Proctor Silex dry irons, were 9 . 9 9 ....................... 
6 .6 6 
2 W icker lamps, were 4 4 .9 5 ........................................................................ 2 9 .9 7 
IO Ceramic snack sets, were 6 .9 9 
....................................................... 
4 .6 6 
28 sheer batiste valances, orig. 3 .4 9 , w ere 1 .9 9 ................................... 
1 .3 3 
15 batiste sheer panels, 3 6 " long, orig. 3 .4 9 , were 2 .4 9 . . . . . . . 
1 .6 6 
5 batiste sheer panels, 4 5 " long, orig. 3 .9 9 , were 2 . 9 9 ................. 
1 .9 9 
5 batiste sheer panels, 84 long, orig. 4 .9 9 , were 3 . 9 9 ................. 
2 .6 6 
I 9 btue denim tote bags, orig. $ 5 , were 
3 . 9 9 .............................. 
2 .6 6 
1o Asst, napkins, orig. 1 .2 5, were 1 .o 9 .................................................... 
7 3 4 
I I Hand towels,orig. 2 .5 o , were 1 . 9 9 ....................................................... 
1 .3 3 
14 wash cloths, orig. 1 .2 5, were 9 9 $ ................................ 
6 6 4 
5 o hand towels, orig. 2 .5 o , were 1 .9 9 .................... 
1 .3 3 
98 wash cloths, orig. 1 .2 5, were 9 9 $ .......................................................... 
6 6 4 
58 Irregular hand towels, orig. 1 .4 9 ........................................................................9 9 l4 
6 o washcloths, orig. 9 9 $ .................................................................................... 
6 6 4 
I Pine bookcase, orig. $ I 29, was $ 8 8 ................................................ . 
5 8 .6 7 
I Chrome and glass etagere, orig. $ 1 2 9 , was $ 9 9 .......................... 
$ 6 6 
I Accent chair, orig. $1 2 9 , was $ 9 9 .................... 
$ 6 6 
I W ing back chair, orig. $ 2 2 9 , was $ I 7 9 ................................................. l l 9 .3 3 
I Lane Occasional table, orig. 9 9 .9 5 , was $ 7 9 ................................... 
5 2 .6 7 

W INDSOR PARK ONLY 
WOMEN AND GIRLS 
8 o Polyester jumpsuits, orig. I 9 .9 9 , were 1 3 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
8 .9 9 
24 Long polyester dresses, orig. 2 5 .9 9 , w ere I 7 .9 9 , n o w l l .9 9 
2o Long dresses, orig. 1 9 .9 9 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ............................................ 
6 .9 9 
I 2 2-pc. print polyester dresses, orig. 2 6 .9 7 , were I 7 .9 9 , n o w . . . . l l .9 9 
48 Custom size sportswear, orig. $ 1 2 -3 2 , were 7 .9 9 -$ 2 o . . 
4 . 9 9 - 1 3 .9 9 
5 o Dresses and pantsuits, orig. $ 3 6 -7 o , were 2 3 .9 9 4 6 .9 9 .. I 5 . 9 9 - 3 o .9 9 
22 Misses pants, sizes 8 -1 8 , orig. $ I 4, w ore 6 .9 9 , n o w ....................... 
3 .9 9 
6 6 Knit tops, orig. $ I 2, were 5 .9 9 , n o w ....................................................... 
3 .9 9 
38 Misses pant tops, orig. $ 1 5 , were 7 .4 9 , n o w ...................................... 
4 .9 9 
31 Misses shirts, sizes 
8 -1 8 , orig. $ 1 8 , were 8 .9 9 . n o w ........................ 
5 .9 9 
27 Misses shirts, sizes 
8 -1 8 , orig. $ 2 6 , were I I .9 9 , n o w ..................... 
7 .9 9 ' 
37 Misses pants, sizes 8 -1 8 , orig. $ I 8, w ere 8 .9 9 , n o w ......................... 
5 .9 9 
4 9 Misses pants, orig. 
$ 2 o , w ere I 2 .9 9 , n o w ........................................... 
7 .9 9 
6 5 Disco tops, sizes 8 -1 6 , orig. $ I 8, were 4 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
2 .9 9 
6 8 Shirts, cotton blends, sizes 8 -1 6 , orig. $ 1 8 , were 7 . 9 9 ................. 
4 .9 9 
29 Asst, ladies shirts, sizes 8 -1 8 , orig. $ 2 o , were 7 . 9 9 ........................ 
4 .9 9 
34 Long sleeve tee shirts, orig. $7 , were 3 .4 9 , n o w 
.................. 
1 .9 9 
8 M ulti-colored striped tops, orig. 6 .9 7 , w ere 3 .4 9 , n o w .................... 
1 .9 9 
24 Disco tops, orig. $ I 2 -1 6 , were 7 .9 9 1 o .4 9 , n o w ................ 
4 . 9 9 - 6 . 9 9 
6 o pr. Junior pants sizes 5-1 3, orig. 8 .9 9 , were 6 .9 9 , n o w .................. 
3 .9 9 
3 o Sweaters, 2 styles, S-M-L, orig. 4 .9 9 , n o w ............................................ 
2 .9 9 
5 o Polyester cotton tops, S-M L, orig. 4 .4 9 , n o w ...................................... 
2 .9 9 
4 7 Shirts, solid pastels, orig. 5 .9 9 , n o w ....................................................... 
3 .9 9 
I 5o Sweaters, orig. 8 ,9 7 -$ 4 5 , were 8 .9 7 -2 8 4 9 .................... 
5 . 9 9 - 1 8 .9 9 
4 6 Jumpsuits and long dresses, orig. $ 2 6 , were I 2 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
8 .9 9 
55 P oly/co tto n dusters, w ere 5 .9 9 , n o w ....................................................... 
3 .9 9 
68 Long polyester loungew ear, orig. $ 2 5 , were 1 2 .9 9 , n o w ............... 
9 .9 9 
145 Tailored briefs and bikinis, were 99$ pr., n o w ................................... 
4 9 4 
41 Tricot bras, orig. $6 , were 3 .9 9 , n o w ..................... 
1 .9 9 
43 Lace bras, orig. $ 6 , were 3 .9 9 , n o w ...................................................... 
1 .9 9 
38 Short cotton gowns, orig. $ 9 , were 5 .9 9 , n o w .................................. 
5 .9 9 
41 Short cotton gowns, orig. $ 1 2 , were 6 .9 9 , n o w .............................. 
6 .9 9 
25 Dear foam pile boots, red, beige, brow n, orig. $ 7 , n o w .................. 
$ 4 
I 5 Dickeys, white, rust, red, orig. $ 6 , n o w ................................................. 
$ 4 
14 Shawls, black, brow n, beige, orig. $1 3, n o w ......................................... 
$ 7 
3 o Knee-Hi tube socks, orig. $ p r 
....................................................... 
$1 
I 5o Scarves, orig. 1 .9 7 $ 2 o , n o w 
9 9 4 -$ 1 5 
I 4 G irls skirts, orig. $ I 2, were 5 .9 9 , n o w ............................................. 
2 .9 9 
I 7 G irls gowns and pajam as, orig. $ 1 o , w ere 4 .9 9 , n o w ..................... 
2 .9 9 
7 Preteen gauze tops, orig. $1 2, were 5 .9 9 , n o w ................................... 
3 .9 9 
22 Preteen skirts, orig. $ 1 1 , w ere 5 .4 9 , n o w ............................................... 
3 . 4 9 
I I Preteen pants, orig. $ 1 4 , w ere 6 .9 9 , n o w ............................................ 
4 . 4 9 
7 Toddler girls flannel sleepw ear, orig. $ 7 , w ere 3 .4 9 , n o w ............... 
1 .9 9 
3 6 Toddler girls knitted ponchos, orig. $ 1 o , w ere 4 . 9 9 ........................... 
2 .9 9 
3 Infant girl w inter coats, o rig. 2 1 .5 o , w ere 1 o .7 9 , n o w ..................... 
7 .2 9 
8 Infant dresses, size I 2 -2 4 m o i., orig. 6 .9 7 , were 3 .4 9 , now . . . 
1 .9 9 

MEN AND BOYS 
15 Boys’ plaid slacks, size 4 -7 , orig. $ 7 , w ere 3 .4 9 , n o w ..................... 
1 .9 9 
4 Boys’ woven shirts, size 4 -7 , orig. 7 .5 o , w ere 3 .7 9 , n o w ............... 
2 .4 9 
25 Boys’ knit shirts, orig. $ 5 , were 2 .4 9 , n o w .......................................... 
1 .9 9 
7 Knit shirts, size 8 -1 6 , orig. $ 6 , were 2 .9 9 , n o w ................................ 
1 .9 9 
I Boys’ PVC, size 14, orig. $ 3 2 , was 1 5 .9 9 , n o w ....................................1 o .4 9 
3 Boys’ PVC lockets, orig. $ 2 o , were 9 .9 9 , n o w 
. . . ____ 
6 .4 9 
3 Boys’ PVC jackets, orig $ 2 5 , were 1 2 .4 9 , n o w ................................ 
8 .4 9 
8 o Young mens’ long sleeve sport shirts, orig. $ 1 6 , wore 5 .9 9 . . . . 
3 .9 9 
I 14 Corduroy jeans, orig. $ 1 5 , were I 1 .9 9, n o w ........................... 
7 .9 9 
41 Pre-washed jeans, orig. $ 1 7 -2 3 , were I I .88 , n o w ................... 
7 .9 9 
18 Sweaters, orig. $ 1 2 , wero 6 .6 7 to 1 6 .1 6 , n o w 
.................... 4 .4 5 
22 Sweaters, orig. $ 2 5 , w ere 1 9 .3 3 , n o w .............................................. 1 2 .9 9 
61 Mens’ sport coats, orig. $ 8 o -8 5 , were 5 9 .9 9 , now . . . . ..................3 9 .9 9 
23 M ens’ suits, Europa C ra ft, orig. $ 1 2 5 , n o w . ............................................8 2 .9 9 
35 Leisure Suits, orig. $ 8 5 -9 o , n o w ...................................................................4 9 . 9 9 
3 5 4 Long sleeve dress shirts, orig. $ I 2 I 8, were 5 .9 9 6 9 9 ............... 
4 .9 9 
6 o Long sleeve PJ’s, orig. I 2 .5 o , were 5 .9 9 , now . . . . . ..................... 
3 .9 9 
3 o Robes, orig. $1 5, were 7 .9 9 , n o w ............................................................. 
4 .9 9 
I 13 Ties, orig. 6 .5 o -7 .5 o , w ere 3 .9 9 , n o w ................................................. 
2 .9 9 
I 91 Print sport shirts, orig. $ 16, were 8 .9 7 , n o w ...................................... 
5 .9 9 
9 4 Pre washed jeans or cord jeans, orig. $ 1 8 -2 8 .5 o , were 1 2 .9 9 . . 
8 .9 9 
2 o o Long sleeve sport shirts, orig. $ 1 6 -2 6 , w ere 9 .9 9 , n o w ...... 
6 .9 9 
6 o Sweaters, orig. $ 1 4 -2 2 , w ere 9 .9 9 -1 4 .9 9 , n o w .........................6 . 9 9 - 9 . 9 9 
6 5 pr. W ool slacks, orig. 4 2 .5 o , were 24 9 9 , n o w .......................................1 6 .9 9 
5 o Pongee print sportshirts, orig. $ 1 6 , were 3 .9 9 , n o w .......................... 
2 .6 9 
2 8 o Rugby short sleeve knit shirts, orig. $1 4, were 7 .9 7 ........................ 
4 .9 9 
2 8 o Long sleeve printed shirts, orig. $14 18, were 9 .9 9 ....................... 
6 .6 9 
IOO M en’s slacks, orig. $ 1 6 , were 9 .9 9 , n o w ..................................................6 .6 9 
6 o Men s sweaters, orig. $ 1 4 -3 2 , were 9 .9 9 -1 9 .9 9 , now . 
. 6 . 6 9 - 1 3 .3 9 

FOR THE HOME 
8 American Tourister weekend cases, orig. $ 5 5 , were 4 1 .2 5 ............ 2 7 .5 o 
6 Attache cases, orig. $ 5 5 , were 4 1 .2 5 , n o w ............................................2 7 .5 o 
I I Rockwell 14RD calculators, orig. 12 9 5 , n o w ...................................... 
8 .6 3 
31 Rockwell 24RD ll calculators, orig. 1 7 .9 5 , n o w ...................................1 1 .9 7 
18 Om eron 8 9 M calculators w / m e m o r y , orig. 1 9 .9 5 , n o w ..................... 1 3 .3 o 
4 Om eron 8SR scientific calculator, orig. 2 6 9 5 , n o w ....................I 7 .9 7 
21 O m eron 8SM calculators w /m e m o ry , o rig 1 7 .9 5 , n o w ........... 1 1 .9 7 
35 O m eron 8 6 M calculators w ith m em ory, orig. 1 8 .9 5 , were I 2 .9 5 . 8 .6 3 
15 Om eron 3 o o 6 adaptors, orig 4 .9 5 , n o w ...................................... 
3 .3 o 
I 2 Texas Instruments d igita l watches, orig. 4 9 .9 5 , were 39 9 5 . . . . 2 6 .6 3 
I Texas Instruments SR 5 6 calculator, orig. 1 o 9 .9 5 , wos 7 9 9 9 . 
. , 5 3 .3 3 
5 o pr. sheer voile curtains, orig. $ 3 o , were 1 4 .9 9 p r...................... 
1 o .9 9 p r. 
16 Assorted spreads, orig. $ 4 4 -9 o , were 18 8 8 , n o w ................... 1 3 .9 9 
21 7 2 " round table cloths, orig. $ 2 2 , were $1 2, now . , . . ............... 
9 .9 9 
I 2 9 o " round table cloths, orig. $ 2 6 , were $1 7, now . . . . 
1 4 .9 9 , 
8 Jug lamps, assorted colors, orig $ 4 o , were 2 9 .9 9 , now. , . . . . . 
$ 2 o 
9 8 x 1 o gold fram e paintings, orig. $ 2 o , were 9 .9 9 , now . . . _____ 
6 .6 6 
7 paintings on silk, orig. $ 4 o , were $ 2 7 , n o w ......................................... 
$ 1 8 
2 o Assorted irregular bath sheets, orig. 7 .9 9 , n o w ................................... 
5 .3 3 

85 Selected shower curtains, orig. 6 .9 9 -1 8 .8 8 , n o w ................. 
1 / 3 off 
114 "B a m b o o " sheets, orig. 3 .5 o -9 .9 9 , n o w ...................................... 
1 / 3 off 
I 2 Bayfield blankets, tw in and fu ll, orig. 9 .9 9 -1 2 .9 9 , n o w ..................1 / 3 off 
8 o o Irregular Cannon tow els, orig. 5o$ to 2 .5 o , n o w ........................ 
1 / 3 off 
4 7 7o-pc. flatw are sets, orig. 2 9 .9 9 , n o w .......................................... 
1 4 .9 9 
9 Hamilton Beach blenders, orig. 2 1 .9 9 , w ere 1 7 .9 9 , now . . . . . . 1 1 .9 9 
24 D illard's im ported cookw are, orig. 2 9 .9 9 , n o w .......................................1 9 .9 9 
I 2 1o*pc. sets Ekco cookw are, orig. 9 6 ,7 o , w ere 6 9 .9 9 , now . . . . 
4 6 .6 6 
14 4 5 " Jumbo suit bags, orig. $ 9 , n o w .......................................................... 
$ 6 
12 6 3 " M axi-garm ent bags, orig. $7, n o w ................................................. 
4 .6 7 
14 12-pocket shoe bag, orig. $ 7 , now 
........................................... 4 .6 7 
IO 7-pc. dessert and salad sets, orig. 7 .5 o , now 
.............. 
$ 5 
4 W ooden salad sets, orig. 1 9 .9 9 , n o w ............................................ 
1 3 .3 3 
IO W ooden salad bowls, orig. 3 .5 o , now 
................................ 
2 ,3 3 
25 pr. Men s slipper sox, orig. 5 .9 5 , were 3 .9 5 , n o w ................. 
2 .6 9 
96 Tretorn Tennis Balls, orig, 3 .2 5 , were 1.9 9 , n o w ..................... 
1 .3 3 
16 Cam ouflage hunting suits, orig, 1 4 .9 5 , were 7 .9 9 , n o w ....... 
5 .3 9 
36 Duofold Tennis Shorts, orig. 6 9 5 , were 4 , 9 5 ........................... 
3 .3 3 
44 Acrylic V-Neck Hockey Sweaters, orig. 5 .9 5 , were 3 9 5 , now. 
. 
2 .6 9 

Dillards 

EVERY ITEM IN THIS 
SALE REDUCED 

FROM THE LAST 
SELLING PRICE! 

SHOP DILLARD’S M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSOR PARK 

. ** unfelt **• ’+■» 
^ r ^ n vmwiu v t 

Page 
I 4-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 19 7 7 

( overed under the bill would Ik? state Finance 
Commission, state Banking Department, state 
Savings and Loans Department, state Credit l inen D epartm ent and the O ffice of the 
Consumer Credit Commissioner 
The bill has been referred to the Committee on 
Financial Institutions. 
• HB1173 by Hep. lim Nowlin proposes to guarantee salaries of not less than $25.Will for county courts-at-law judges i i i Bexar County, referred to Committee on Intergovernmental 
Affairs. 
• HB1237 by Bird and co-sponsored by Hep 
Bill Blythe of Houston proposes to protect indi­ viduals from having their automobile insurance policies arbitrarily cancelled or premiums arbi­ trarily increased; referred to Committee oil 
Insurance 
• 1IB1238 bv Cartwright and Rep Gene Green of Houston would call on the State Insurance 
Board to adopt rules requiring insurance com­ panies to send notice by certified mail when cancelling an individual's insurance policy; referred to Committee on Insurance. 

• IIB1239 by Reps. .loc Hernandez and Malt 
Garcia proposes to remove from present civil laws certain arguments a plaintiff may use in changing the venue of a negligence case; re­ ferred to the Committee on Judiciary. 

• 11B124o by Hernandez and Garcia would provide for all em ployers who discontinue workmen's compensation programs must notify their employes in writing: referred to the Com­ mittee on Judiciary. 

• 
1IB1241 by Hernandez and Garcia would require private employers to extend 14 days paid vacation and 14 d a y s sick leave per year to its employes. 

• I1B124K by Bird would provide for a bounty to be paid to registered scrap processors for the destruction of junk or abandoned automobiles iii and around cities; referred to Committee on 
State A ffa ir s . 

 the House and Senate delegations to 147. 
No new measures were filed last week by 
Bexar County’s Senate delegation. Sen. Glenn 
Kothmann of San Antonio remains the only Sen­ ate delegation member to not have filed a major piece of legislation. 
Bills on record 
By Friday, the House had 1,295 bills on record and i i i the Senate 732 bills were filed 
The status of the latest local interest legisla­ tion pending before the hath Legislature include; 

Don Cartwright, are aimed at denting, or completely stopping. San Antonio’s 
$37) million annual receipts from mun- ieipally-owned City Public Service. 
If the actual cost to the city for the police and fire fighter’s sick pay benefits are vague. Cartwright’s bills leave little doubt as to the fiscal im­ 

 pact they would have. 
Cartwright wants to put a halt to the city’s collection of 11.5 per cent “ off the top” of CPS annual gross receipts. 
The 11.5 per cent is being collected by the city in lieu of taxes and other income it might receive from a priva­ tely owned utility. 
I IBI IRO and 1161 would first prohibit 
CPS from using the 11.5 per cent as an expense item when calculating utility rates to be charged the Bexar County 
Hospital District and 12 school dis­ tricts on its system. 
HBI 161 would further prohibit CPS from adding in the 11.5 per cent on utility bills of any of its customers. 
Announcement of the Cartwright bills brought an immediate battle cry from city hall, when its liaison man to the 65th Legislature vowed to “ fight to kill these bills at any and every level.” 
Cost city 

Jerry Henckel said adoption of 1161 would cost the city between $55 and $37 million in estimated revenues for this fiscal year 
He warned such a loss could only be passed on by the city to property owners in the form of increased ad valorem taxes. 
Cartwright’s bills were introduced on first reading Monday and sent to the 
House Committee on Energy Re­ sources. 
There, when hearings begin, city hall forces can be expected to use all the ammunition at their disposal to 

EXPRESS-NEWS AUSTIN BUREAU 

AUSTIN — Two bills filed here last week have shifted the attention of San 
Antonio city hall, at least temporarily, from Inc controversial police and fire fighter s sick pay issue. 
The bills, filed by San Antonio Rep. 

Status o f bills 

 blast them under the table. 
Meanwhile, the Senate bill to repeal the con­ troversial sick pay law — as far as San Antonio is concerned — is still awaiting hearings before the 
House Intergovernmental Affairs Committee. 
SB459 by San Antonio's Sen Frank Lombar­ di no was referred there Tuesday after its pas­ sage in the Senate on Feb. 17. 
No hearing date has been set on the bill or on a 
House repeal version introduced early in the session by Rep. Abe Ribak of San Antonio. 
Substitute bill 
San Antonio Rep. Jam es Nowlin has also sent a substitute bill to the committee which would leave the entire issue of sick pay in the hands of the San Antonio City Council 
The fact Sen. Lombardinos resolution calling for a constitutional amendment to legalize bingo in Texas for non-profit, charitable organizations has not had a House hearing is also highly spe­ culative. 
Lombardino s S JR 2 went to the House on Feb. 
4 and was referred to the Committee on Consti­ tutional Amendments 
The committee, chaired bv Rep. Tim Von 
Bolden of Goliad, has yet to hold any hearings so far through the seventh week of this legislative session. 
Question l ins proves there s no discrimination against the Lombardino measure but leaves unanswered the question of what s the hung-up in the Von 
Holden panel 
In other action last week. Bexar County's legislative delegation continued to introduce a steady flow of legislation 
Members of the House delegation filed 17 different measures during the week, bringing the total number of lulls and resolutions filed by 

• ll H1122 by State Rep. Roil Bird proposes to exclude advertising costs by utility companies from being included in figuring customer rates. 
It has been referred to the Committee on State 
Affairs. 
• HB11H2 by Rep Don Cartwright which pro­ poses to add state credit unions under the regu­ latory authority of the state Finance Commis­ sion. 
This bill would expand the membership of the 
Finance Commission to 12 from its present membership of nine. The three new members would be assigned to the credit union section. 
Cartw right's bill has been referred to the 
Committee on Financial Institutions. 
• 
H B I 17o by C a rtw rig h t calls for a moratorium on any new installations of elec­ tronic fund transfer systems by banks, savings and loan institutions and credit unions 
( artwright's bill explains there presently is no regulation of such electronic systems used for transferring funds from depositor accounts. 
The bill was referred to the Committee on 
Financial Institutions 
• H BI 171 bv Cartwright would require state agencies which regulate financial institutions to deposit into the state treasury all funds collected from fines, fees, penalities, charges, grants and donations. 
The purpose of the bill is to insure the collec­ tions are spent by the agencies only for purposes authorized bv present laws 

Getting in shape? 
Get the works: curl or color at special savings 

Gimme Curl special 16.88. Custom conditioners make it your personal recipe for soft, natural curls. Shampoo, cut, set included 
Frosting special 18.88. Caress your hair with color. From a sprinkling of sunshine to bold accents. Toner, styling included 
Charge it. Perms not recommended for bleached hair. 
The JCPenney Beauty Salon. 

South Pork 923-5461 
Windsor Park 65 4-1565 

* 19ZZ JCPenney Co , Inc 

2o% savings on all custom fabrics for slipcovers and reupholstery. 
2o% off labor, too. 

Now is the time to take advantage of these special buys on quality mattresses made by Sealy exclusively for JCPenney So much comfort, such a low price 
Get firmness from hundreds of specially tempered inner­ spring coils, quilted comfort from deep layers of puffy cushioning, and a durable torsion bar foundation. Hurry in now for these great buys. 

Twin mattress or foundation, each 

TWIN 39" X751 

Full mattress or foundation, each 

FULL 54-X75 

Queen size set 

Whether it s for a sofa, loveseat, or chair, you’ll find choice jacquards, textures, prints, solids and more in this sale. A JCPenney custom decorator will help you select what’s right for your home. 
Then our expert craftsmen take charge, making your slipcovers or reupholstery with all the quality detailing you want Result: a brand new look for your furniture, superb savings for you. 
Sate prices effective through Saturday. 
For JCPenney Custom Decorating 
Service call 654-155 o 

QUEEN 6o"X8o 

KING 76" X8o' 

JCPenney has the famous Sealy 
Posturepedic Imperial' at everyday low prices 

It has a unique back support system 
-4 
A r featuring 4 layers of quality padding No 
I 
Pflrh morning backache from sleeping on a too 
_ u soft mattress. Full, queen, and king sizes 
Twin mattress available too. or boxspring 

Charge it, or ask about our Time Payment Plan JCPenney 
JCPenney 

South Park Mall 
923-5461 
Windsor Park 
654-155o 
W indsor Park 
South Park 

» 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1 9 7 7 __ 
 fire toll growing 
Do your home work and save 
2o% off these sheets, towels and 
, f x bath mats. 
+ -J of dead 

COMPILED PROM WIRE SERVICES 
MOSCOW — Soviet of­ ficials identified at least ll of the dead in a Friday n ig h t fire at a la rg e 
Moscow hotel am id growing indications the toll would reach at least 

I .S. aid cuts bring action 

BUENOS A IR E S - 
Authorities in neighbor­ ing Uruguay have seized copies of three Argentine newspapers for carrying stories on U.S. proposals to cut foreign aid because of hum an rig h ts viola- J tions. 
The Argentine cabinet J m et to c o n s id e r a re- I spouse to the Carter ad­ m inistration recom m en­ dations to cut aid to Eth­ iopia, A rg e n tin a and 
Uruguay. 
Vote clay set 

PARIS — France will suggest April 24 as date for a referendum on the independence of its last 
African possession, the territory of the Afars and 
Issas, it was reported. 
Sit-in cndcMl 
LONDON - The 16-day occupation of the adm in­ istration building at the 
London School of Econo­ m ics en d ed when hundreds of police broke down b a r r ic a d e s and ousted p ro te s tin g s t u ­ dents. 
Satellite okay 

TOKYO 
— 
J a p a n 's first e x p e rim e n ta l stationary satellite con­ tinues to function n o r­ m ally and a p p e a rs to I have shifted to a circular J orbit from an elliptical o rb it, 
J a p a n ’s sp a c e ! agency reports. 
Hess fails 
MUNICH. W est G e r ­ many — Rudolf Hess’ son has confirm ed that his I father, a former top de­ puty to Adolf Hitler, at­ tempted suicide in West 
Berlin’s Spandau Prison I last w eek. 
T he 
82-year-old eld er Hess tried to slash his wrists. 

 priot leaders both said they were prepared to get down to constructive ne­ g o tia tin g in ta lk s scheduled to begin in 
Vienna March 31. 
Clifford is expected to r e m a in in 
London through Tuesday to brief 
B ritish le ad e rs on his 
Cypriot mission. 

W estern d ip lo m a tic so u rce s said about 21) other bodies had not been identified in the fire that sev erely d a m a g e d the 
3.2oo-room Hotel Ros- siya, one of the world’s largest. 
No A m e ric a n s w ere believed dead, but it was u n certain if any w ere am o n g the n early IOO persons believed injured. 
Envoy sees hope in Cyprus 

LONDON — *U.S. pre­ sid e n tia l qjivoy C lark 

World 
Briefs 

Palestinians to pull back again 

B E IR U T -P a lestin ian guerrillas have agreed to pull back from south 
Lebanese border regions abutting Israel to avert a showdown with r i g h t ­ wing C h ris tia n s th a t could rekindle Lebanon’s civil w ar, g o v e rn m e n t sources report. 
In re tu rn , S yria has agreed that the Syrian- dominated Arab League peace-keeping arm y will not sto rm ta n k -rin g e d 
P a le stin ia n re fu g ee cam ps in Beirut to dis­ arm guerrillas by force. 

 o a i t ; 
Bath towel 
Reg. 2.59. “Paradise" towel ensemble of cotton/polyester velour with fringed jacquard borders Soft pastels 

Hand towel; reg. 1 99, Sale 1.59 
Wash cloth; reg. 99C, Sale 79C 

Clifford flew here, saying his talks with Cypriot. 
G reek and 
T u rk is h leaders gave him a very real hope for a settlement on the divided island by the end of 1977. 
He told newsman that 
Greek and Turkish Cy- 

OaIC l. .UU Bath towel 
Reg. 3.5o. Fashionable "American 
Sampler" ensemble has a colorful needlepoint look printed on thirsty cotton/polyester terry 
Hand towel; reg 2 59, Sale $2 
Wash cloth; reg. 1.5o, Sale 1.2o 
Tower hits 
Carter on defense cut 

By DAVID 
MCLEMORE 

Egypt getting 
Arab funding 

CAIRO — Four oil-rich 
Arab countries will pro­ vide E gypt with m ore than $2 billion in funds and deposits to help the country through its econ­ omic difficulties, sources have confirmed. 
A 
Saudi 
Arabian 
Embassy official said the payment would be made within a month and was a huge am o u n t. A high 
Egyptian official said the package from Saudi Ara­ bia. Kuwait, Q atar and the United Arab E m ir ­ ates consists of $1 billion and an equal amount in deposits in the country’s banks to finance invest­ ment projects 

Tower was the featured s p e a k e r at the closing session of the board of the National Federation of Republican Women at the Hilton Palaeio del Rio 
Hotel. 
He urged the women to continue their efforts to stre n g th e n R e p u b lic an positions in the Congress in the upcoming elections in 1978. 
“ I think we ll see that the off-year elections will improve the complexion of C o n g re s s,” he said. 
“ This is the time to pave the way for a return of a 
Republican to the White 
House.” 

The U.S. is in trouble if 
P re s id e n t C a rte r co n ­ tinues his line of reason­ ing on defense spending and d isa rm am e n t, U.S. 
Sen. Jo h n T ow er said 
Saturday. 

" It seem s paradoxical that Carter wants to get tough on Soviet t r e a t ­ ment of Russian dissi­ dents and yet he cuts the defense budget by $2.8 billion," Tower said. 

 w - l '' 

‘‘We can not h av e a foreign policy which is not based on m ilita ry strength and the willing­ ness to use it. if neces­ sary.*’ 

T ow er also a tta c k e d 
C a rte r’s choice of P au l' 
\\ arn k e as head of the t 
U S. delegation to S tr a - 1 logic 
Arms 
Limitation 
Talks. 

"I plan to vote against him ." Tower said. “ This man says if the U.S. will take the initiative for un­ ila te ra l d is a r m a m e n t, the Soviets will follow. 

‘ W e’re in tro u b le if that s th is a d m in is t r a ­ tion’s line of reasoning." 

* Nine-to-five shirtdressing 
^ Pretty f enough 
I for an 
Bv after six itfk date. 

Sale 4.4o each 
21 x 24“ contour or 24 x 36“ oblong. 
Reg. 5.5o. Contours, ovals, oblongs color in deep rich nylon pile with skid-resistant back. 
24x36" fringed oval; reg $6. Sale 4.8o 
2-piece tank set; reg. 5 5o, Sale 4.4o 
Lid cover; reg. 2.99. Sale 2.39 

Welfare 

Tower said the greatest en e m y of our n a tio n ’s safety is the C arter Ad- m in is tr a t ion s \ lew of spending more for social w elfare p ro g ra m s than lur defense as what's best for the national interest. 

Charge it, or use our convenient lay-away plan 

“ We m u st m a in ta in defense spending if we are to combat Soviet mi­ litary trends." 

T ow er said he and o ther m e m b e rs of Con­ gress will work to restore some of the defense bud­ get cuts Carter has asked for. 

Sale 3.19 Twin 
Reg. 3.99. New Stripe; a colorful broken-stripe pattern on no-iron cotton/polyester muslin 
Full; reg 4 99, Sale 3.99 
Standard pillowcases, pkg. of 2; reg. 3 79. Sale 3.o3 

Boy, 12, charged iii death 

G R E E N V IL L E . 
Pa. 
(AP) — A 12-year-old boy was c h a rg e d with m u rd e r and v o lu n tary m a n s la u g h te r i i i the killing of his twin brother and the wounding of a friend. Police said the shooting billowed a squirt gun fight. 

Robert Alexander Jr. was charged Friday after 
Ins brother. Ronald, was shot to death aud a com­ panion, David Christy. 
13, was wounded. 

Police Chief Donald 
Reinhart said the victims were playing curds when 
R obert a rriv e d and began s q u irtin g them with a water pistol. 

When the two youths fired back with squirt guns. R obert went u p ­ stairs, returned with bis fath e r's 3o-31) rifle and pointed it at the others. 
Reinhart said The chief said Robert told the two the gun was not loaded. 

R einhart said Robert then went back upstairs and put two bullets i i i the gun and told the other two boys he would shoot them lf they didn t stop squirting hun. 

King and queen size available at most stores 

Here s the perfect dress for career-minded juniors Styled in spun polyester for neatness that lasts all day right into those after six appointments Notch collar with gathered yoke, tie belt Red. navy, black, sizes 5-15. soc 
JCPenney Days 
JCPenney 

Available at all San Antonio stores. 
McCreless • Northwest Center • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 
Cost-of-living pay hike hit by Byrd 

How they voted si ii 

W ASHINGTON (A P ) 
— 
Senate 
M ajority 
Leader Robert C. Byrd said Saturday that Con­ gress would be unwise to accept a cost-of-living pay increase due in Oc­ tober after the law ­ makers received a 
$12,9oo annual raise this month. 
Early estimates are that the cost-of-living raise scheduled for all federal employes in Oc­ tober could amount to between $2,8o(1 and $3,7oo for members of Con­ gress. The hike for sena­ tors and representatives w ill become effective au­ tomatically unless Con­ gress takes some action to disapprove it. 
“ There w ill be no problem in finding a way to knock it out.” the West 
Virginia Democrat told reporters. “ If nobody 

There will be no problem in fin din g a way to knock it out * 

 else does it, I ’ll make the effort.” 
Bills to disapprove the costof-living raise for 
Congress have been in­ troduced in the House. 
A similar cost-of-living raise of 5 per cent was to have been added last Oc­ tober. But Congress took positive action to avoid that raise so close to election day. 
The actual amount of the cost-of-living in­ crease scheduled for congressmen in October will be determined later this year. 
A bill introduced in the 
House by 
Rep. 
Hal 
Sawyer, R-Mich., would exempt Congress from the cost-of-living adjust­ ment law. 

“ The people primarily responsible for inflation ought not to be insulated from its impact,” Sawyer said. 
“ Every time Congress spends more money, causing inflation to get worse and prices to go up, congressmen and senators become eligible for another cost-of-living pay raise.” 
Effective 
Because neither house of Congress voted “ no” on a 28.9 per cent raise suggested by a federal pay commission, that raise became effective 
Feb. 2o, making con­ gressional pay $57,5oo a year. 
Salaries for high-leve 

A MONOFLEX ROOF is being applied to this house, that will not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. N o matter what type of roof you have, Monoflex con be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether it’s shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 
11815 
Warfield or call 3 4 9 -6 2 o 4 for a courteous estimate. 
(Pd. Adv.) 

 executive branch em­ ployes, members of the judiciary and Civil Ser­ vice-ranked policymakers also rose. 
‘‘I am opposed to the cost-of-living increase this October going to any of the employes who benefitted from this justifiable increase,” 
Byrd told reporters. 
Part of the controversy over the 28.9 per cent pay raise centered on the way it became effective. Con­ gress established a com­ mission on government salaries in 1967 to make recommendations on pay scales. This commis­ sion’s recommendations become law if they are not rejected by either the 
House or the Senate within 3o days after they are submitted. 
No vote held 
Neither the House nor 
Senate held an up-or- down vote on the pay raise. But each chamber had technical votes which were interpreted by some as votes for or against the raise. 
Byrd, who repeatedly has said that any pay raise ought to be accom­ panied by a revision in the codes of ethics for 
Congress. 
SAR unit lo meet in 
Kerrville 

SPfClAl IO IHf EXPRESS NEWS 
K E R R V IL L E - The 
Hill Country Chapter, 
Sons of the American 
Revolution, will meet at noon Monday in the Inn of the Hills. 
Speaker will be W il­ liam D. Lewis, a retired 
Air Force officer, who will mount "The Final 
Voyage of Admiral John 
Paul Jones.” 
Chapter President Guy 
Kinney will also give in­ formation about the scheduled March 25*26 convention in Austin of the Texas Society, SAR 
SAR and 
DAR members and prospec­ tive members and their spouses are welcomed to attend. 

 f 
I ex tis House 
J I 
I ^I °C 
* 
RON BIRD 
I 
Y 
V I N 
Y 
AL BROW N JR. 
A 
A 
I A 
A 
DON CARTWRIGHT 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
MATT GARCIA 
A 
J I L A 
A 
JOE HERNANDEZ r 
I I N 
Y 
FRANK M A D IA 
Y 
Y 
N 
Y 
JIM NOW LIN 
Y 
A 
Y 
Y 
DON RAINS 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
ABE RIBAK 
Y 
Y 
V 
Y 
LOU NELLE SUTTON 
Y 
Y 
N 
Y 
FRANK TEJEDA 
Y 
Y 
N 
Y 
BOB VALE 
Y 
Y hi 
Y 
Texas Senate 
I 
GLENN KOTHM ANN 
Y 
Y 
FRANK LOMBARDINO 
Y 
Y 

JOHN TRAEGER 
Y 
Y 
Y * T m 
A ss Absent 
Tor tht ireek 
L. 
N s i No 
o * Abstain ending Teh. 2(> 
/ 

House gets bill on agencies end 

Fight may erupt over nurse bill 

By DICK M ERKEL 
EXPRESS N EW S CAPITOl BUREAU 

AUSTIN - An all-out fight could develop here 
Monday when the Senate 
Human Resources Com­ mittee takes up a bill setting stiffer standards for registering nurses. 
The Texas Nurses As­ sociation has issued a warning that organized hospital administrators are engaging in a cam­ paign of deliberate dis­ tortion in an effort to block the bill. 
SB392 by Sen. ll. Tati 
Santiesteban of El Paso will be heard before the committee at 4 p.m. 
Monday in the Senate 
Chambers. 
TNA President Opal 
Stewart of Kilgore is ex­ pected to head the parade of nursing professionals testifying in favor of the bill. Registered nurse 
Ruth Stewart of San An­ tonio is president-elect. 
“ The revision of the 
53-year-old 
Nursing 
Practice Act, as proposed by our organization, would require strict standards for registered nurses who hold the lives of patients in their hands,” she said. 
“ The revised bill will also “ provide enfor­ cement of those stan­ dards, something the current law does not do. 
“ I can’t understand why there is objection to a revision which would halt dangerous practices endangering the lives of countless Texans every year,” Ms. Stewart said 
Saturday. 
“ Texans deserve quality for the money 
Our 5-piece oak bedroom set at a solid $1oo savings. 

Sale *799 

Reg. $899. Our handsome 5 piece contem­ porary set of Appalachian oak and oak veneers has inserts of tightly woven natural cane. Includes triple dresser, twin mirrors, chest and full or queen size headboard. 
Triple dresser; reg. $369, Sale $329 
Twin mirrors; reg $13o. Sale $11o 
Door chest; reg. $3oo, Sale $27o 
Headboard; reg. $1oo, Sale $9o 
Night stand; reg. $14o, Sale $13o 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

JCPenneyDays 

 they pay for health ser­ vices. Concerned Texas nurses are trying in this bill to see that this occurs.” 

Continuing the TNA president said, “ AH we are asking is for lawful requirement that those who perform pro” fes- sional nursing functions iii hospitals meet min­ imum requirements set by the state.” 

EX PRESS N E W S CAPITO l BUREAU 
AUSTIN - The 
Senate last week passed and sent to the House “ sunset legislation’ ’ which would phase out state agencies once they have outlived their usefulness. 

Sen. Lloyd Doggett’s 
S.B. 54 won final appro­ val by a 25-4 vote, but not until the bill was amend­ ed twice to exempt the 
Texas Railroad Commis­ sion and Agriculture De­ partment of Texas from its provisions. 
All three local senators opposed the amend­ ments. Votes on the chart are for the bill itself. 
Regents 

The Senate also gave final approval to Dolph 
Briscoe’s appointments of Mrs. Jane Blumberg of Seguin, Dr. Sterling IL 
F ly Jr . of Uvalde, and 
Jess Hay of Dallas to the board of regents of the 
University of Texas Sys­ tem. 
Mrs. Blum berg was 

 approved 26-3. Fly by a 
28-1 vote, and Hay by a margin of 23-5 with one senator marked present and not voting. 
Tax break 
The House voted over­ whelmingly Tuesday to exempt residential utility bills from the 4 per cent state sales tax. 
House B ill I by Joe 
Wyatt of Victoria, as re­ drafted by the House 
Ways and Means Com­ mittee, was approved 
13o-9 and sent to the Sen­ ate. 
Doctors 
Legislation to provide state funds to support medical family practice residency programs in state teaching hospitals 
— including Bexar Coun­ ty Hospital — also won final House approval last week. 

HB 8, authorizing the 
Parks and 
W ildlidfe 
Dept, to commission non-payed deputy game wardens, also passed the 
House. 
The bill, by Rep. Fred 
Head of Athens, was sent to the Senate on an 88-48 vote, but the Bexar Con- unty delegation gave it a 
"thumbs down.” 

Defense 
HB812, by Rep. Roy 
Blake of Nacogdoches, also passed the House by a lopsided 138-1 margin on Tuesday. 
The bill allows the state attorney general to defend a state grand jury commissioner, jury member, or state district judge in any federal court action brought as a result of their perfor­ mance of duty. 

Dr. John Hamilton Douglass announces the opening o f of fices at 
82o1 Haugh Ruler 
San Antonio, Texas 78289 
Practice lim ited to General Dentistry 
Phone 512/657-47oo 

25oo BROADW AY 
1218 S.W. MILITARY 
SUPER APPLIANCE SPECIALS 
11 OO WATT 
BLOW DRYER 

• 3 
HEAT 
SELECTIONS/2 
AIR 
SPEEDS 
• PERFECT BALANCE AND LIGHT­ 
WEIGHT DESIGN FOR EFFORT­ 
LESS STYLING 
• QUALITY G.E. LEXAN’ 
CON­ 
STRUCTION 

• TEXAS 
INSTRUMENTS 
THER­ 
MOSTAT CONTROLLED HEAT 
SUGG. RETAIL $14.95 

1o4-oo1 

12oo WATT BLOW 
DRYER 

• BUILT-IN AERODYNAMIC VEN­ 
TER VELOCITY CONCENTRATOR 
• PERFECT BALANCE SUPER LIGHT­ 
WEIGHT 
(Only 12 oz.) 

• 3 HEAT SETTINGS/2 AIR SPEEDS 
• QUALITY G E . LEXAN’ 
CON 
STRUCTION 

Retail $16.95 

1o4-oo4 

135o WATT BLOW fX D V E D 
■dr bC I Cam 
• PROFESSIONAL 
DRYER 
WITH 
VENTURI 
VELOCITY 
AT­ 
TACHMENT 
• SINGLE 
THUMB 
CONTROL 
SWITCH 
WITH 
3 
HEAT 
SET­ 
TINGS/2 AIR SPEEDS 
• EACH SETTING AUTOMATICALLY 
ADJUSTS AIR SPEED TO ASSURE 
PROPER RESULTS. 
• QUALITY G E. LEXAN* 
CON- 
STRUCTION 

GREAT AMERICAN BURGER 
MACHINE 
AND SANDWICH MAKER 
COOKS HAMBURGERS, SMALL STEAK, 
HOT 
DOGS: 
GRILL 
SANDWICHES! 
TOASTS BAGELS, MUFFINS; HEAT PIES. 
LOCKING HANDLE FOR NO-SPLATTER 
COOKING. 
EASY-TO-CLEAN 
N O N ­ 
STICKING COOKING SURFACE. AND 
DRIP TRAY. DETACHABLE CORD. 
Sugg. Retail $15.95 

 ii: South Park Mall 923-5461 
Windsor Park Mall 654-155o 

Sugg. Rafail $22.95 
SPECIAL 

One, "HYDDOUX" Foot Manager 
• Refresh your tired feet and aching legs 
• Provides soothing, relaxing 
“water-in-motion" massage 
• Use, with or without water 
• Stand 14} in unit for full body massage 
• Use for arm and wrist massage 

Over *4o,ooo worth! 
" r * ' 
} % 
' 
> 
‘ r' 
' V 

COLISEUM CLEARANCE CENTER 

943CoLISIUMRoAD 
225-4o4o 

San Antonio EXPR ES S-N EWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

" u e to the 

W e © k , W e c many items 

 tremendou: 
,re rePeatin re-priced r 
We bought all the furniture in a famous furniture factory's warehouse! odded! 

A famous factory sold us the "whole thing" ... all the sofas, chairs, loveseats, ottomans, etc. that were on the premises ... at tremendous savings on the condition that we would take it all. We agreed ...and we got their factory sam­ ples, their original models, their experimental pieces, un-sold merchandise, mar­ ket samples, and much, much more. Nearly all of it is one-of-a-kind merchan­ dise in factory-select covers, in some cases with matching chairs or rockers. It s all here today, at Lack's Coliseum ... and there is so much we have had to dis­ play it on both our warehouse floors. 
While we sold scores of upholstered items in this lot last week there are many left . . . and more have been added from our regular stocks. The response was so tremendous that we are repeating this great event today. We apologize if you were one of those who did not get prompt attention. Hurry in today, for it s a whole new "ball game" . . . and our prices are better than ever! 
★ See it alL.on second floor at Lack's 
Coliseum Warehouse, 943 Coliseum Rd 

LOVESEATS 

LIMITED QUANTITIES FROM LAST 

SUNDAY.IN HERCULON AND VINYL 

VALUES TO 199.oo 

LEFT OVER LIVING ROOM, OCCA 

SIONAL ON SAME CHAIRS 
VALUES TO 129.95 

NOW 39oo 
NOW 

SOFAS and SWIVEL ROCKERS 
STILL A LARGE GROUP TO CHOOSE 
FROM IN SEVERAL COLORS 

VALUES TO 199.oo 

SOME GREAT VALUES LEFT IN DIF 

FERE NT STYLES AND FABRICS 

VALUES TO 349.oo 

SXS 

NOW 
NOW 

ONLY TWO LEFT AT THIS PRICE. BE 
EARLY 

VALUES TO 249.oo 

JUST A FEW LEFT IN ASSORTED 

COLORS AND STYLES 
VALUES TO 59.oo 

NOW 
NOW 

Bulletin 
Board 

'.is 

WHATS 
COMING UP IN 
SANANTONIO 
THIS WEEK 

T H E W O R L D ’S L A R G E ST SE L L E R O F FAM O US B R A N D FU R N IT U R E 
SUNDAY IT O 6 PM BROWSING 

2 ,4 o o children lo tour 

Each year in March, the San Antonio Conservation 
Society conducts a series of historical tours for school children called the “ Texas Under Six Flags 
Tours.” 
This year tin* tours will begin Tuesday and continue through March ll). They will be conducted 
Tuesday and Thursday of the first week and Mon­ day. Tuesday and Thursday of the second week 
Society President Mrs. Nancy ii. Negley said 2.4o11 students from 17 schools, representing all school districts in the city, will participate in the tours 
Mrs Sterling S. Smith, tour chairman, said the children will visit the Steves Homestead on King 
William Street and take a driving tour of the King 
William area. There will be a walking tour of La 
Villita and a drive through Main Plaza and Plaza de 
Armas (formerly Military Plaza). 
Preceding the tours, society m em bers will give a slid** presentation at each school describing iii detail the historic background of the various sites featured on the tours. 

M anpower sem inar set 

Image, Inc. and tilt* University of Texas at San 
Antonio's Division of Continuing Education will cosponsor a conference Thursday and Friday at 
Turtle Creek Country Club. 
The conference will cover topics on self-image and 
Department of Labor policy concerning Manpower 
Training Program s. 
The sem inar will provide information useful to agencies which provide services to youth and which adm inister program s under tin* Comprehensive 
Employment and Training Act of 1972 
Featured speakers include Robert Iv Lindberg of 
UTSA and Dr. Vernon Briggs of the University of 
Texas at Austin 
Cost for the conference entitled “ ('ETA Youth and 
Manpower System s" is $25 per person To register, telephone the UTSA Division of Continuing Educa­ tion at 227-9147. 
Driving cou rses slated 

The Greater San Antonio Safety Council will offer the National Safety Council's defensive driving course at two locations Tuesday, Wednesday and 
Thursday. 
('lasses will meet from H 3o to 9:39 p iii. all three nights at MacArthur High School aud Chrysler-Ply- mouth City. 
For information call the council at 225-3o29. 
A National Safety Council defensive driv mg course will be from o:3o to 9 3o p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at the Windcrest Creative ( enter, 5oo5 
Windsong st 
For information call Van T. Smith at 344-3954. 

Abortion talks scheduled 
San Antonio psychiatrist Conrad W 
Roars will address the question. “ Is the abortion controversy worth the effort?" at the March meeting of San 
Antonio Right to Life. 
The meeting will be held at 7:3o p.m. Thursday at 
Dor Lady of Grace Parish Hall. 223 E. Summit Ave. 
The public is invited. 

Career Day T uesday 

Mayor Lila Cockrell will address Career Day students at Memorial High School at 1:3o p.iii 
Tuesday. 
Career Day activities begin at 9 a ut with over HO career choices available 
In addition to career representatives from the various areas. Career Day will focus on a numiier of 
Mexican-Amerieans who have established th em ­ selves iii their fields 
Career Day will continue in the afternoon with tile mayor s presentation and two other program s A dog team from Lackland and a fire company will provide demonstrations Narrators will also talk on careers related to the demos! rat ions. 

Health m eetin g Thursday 

A workshop on health care alternatives for senior adults will tic held from 7:3o p.m. to 9 p.m. Thursday at the First Presbyterian Church 
The workshop is sponsorial by the Alamo Area 
Council of Governments. 
Persons from the appropriate state and local a gen cies will be available to answer questions. The workshop is open to the public with no admission charge. 
Topics include when nursing home care is neces­ sary. how to choose a care center, what to do if you have problem s at a center, what services are available to allow senior adults to remain iii their own homes and where to find the services. 

Depot repair unit m eets 

A meeting for all former m em bers of the Third 
Air Depot Repair Squadron will Im* hold at 7 3o p.m. 
Tuesday at the Capri Room of the East Kelly NCO 
< lob 
\\ Ives are im lied Discussion will be on possibility of organizing a reunion for the Third R epair 
Squadron. 

Services cen ter o p en s 

A sixth Economic Opportunities Development 
Corp Community Action Program West center will open at H a ill. Monday to help disadvantaged residents, 
The satellite ten ter will in* at 32o Blue Ridge St. iii 
Hie Menchaca Home* 
Nick Mon real, project m anager, said. "T h is center will provide social services to disadvantaged residents in the West-Southwest area of San Anton lo.” 
Key services of the centers include help iii finding employment, health services information, housing counseling and summer nutrition and recreation programs. 
Other CAI* West centers are at 117 SW 24th St.. 2o5 
Ocaso Walk. 223 Torres St., 954 S. San Joaquin Ave and 152 Florence Ave. 

Masons com p lete work 

More than IOO Master Mason candidates compte! ed ritualistic work Saturday to receive the 3lsl and 
32nd degrees of Scottish Rite Freem asonry at tin downtown Scottish Rite Temple, 
The ceremonies concluded the 1977 mid-winter reunion of the four San Antonio Scottish Rite bodies. 
During lh** four Saturdays of the reunion, can­ didates troll) aa south and Southwest t exas counties advanced from the fourth through the 32nd Masonic degrees 

C am paign drive o p en s 

The fifteen Hermann Sons lodges in Bexar County will join those across (tie stale lh a m em bership campaign during the month of March 

MISS THIS 
EVENT! 

EVERY LEVITZ LOW PRICE TAG 

 e x t r a e x t r a e x t r a e x t r a e x t r a e x t r a 

 e x t r a e x t r a 

15% 
15% 
15% 
15% 
15% 
15% i 
15% i 

1 5 % I 

> OFF 
> OFF 
OFF 
OFF 
OFF 
OFF I 
OFF I 
OFF I 

; Every Living Room 
Every Bedroom Suite 
Every Dining Room 
Every Chair, Recliner 
Every Dinette 
Every Occasional P iece 

E v Z J A r ^ ^ yB,t*Jprmg 

PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED & ADVERTISED ITEMS EXCLUDED 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TO 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 
Loop (41o) and I 35 at Bitt im an Rd Exit 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) 661 53J1 

PRICES GOOD THROUGH PEB 2 * 

All imf«.S«a4t*r «* p t w 4 lo* put up si oui dock rn (Sc u< 141 not (actory 
(unuiMt O*. a you owS. awD a*i«v«i lo* an aadtiumal cSaift 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 lf you have a problem your local store manager doesn't solve, 

C M M iam i, r ia . H e a d q u a rte r 
TOR P rat I MO 327-764* 

•I o r t SIMM MM I M IM M W I I 4 I C O M tN U Ite* 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 I 9 7 7 
Page 
I -B 

Under gauchos or pants w ear 
Olga's® silky divided liner 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

It's a p a p er plane 

Members of UCLA’s Triangle Fraternity carry a 13-foot-long B5Z t o the 8th annual paper airplane contest. The event was Friday on the 
UCLA campus in Los Angeles. The model won the Most Appealing 
Award, but nosedived into the ground shortly after takeoff from atop the five-story engineering building. — AP Wirephoto. 
M exico putting sim plicity into tourism effort 

Now you can have a smooth, non-clingy feeling under divided skirts, boot topper pants, or anything that can use a sleeker look. 
Adjust-A-Length divided skirt liner of Antron® III non-cling nylon tricot can take the edge out of denim or unlined, scratchy fabrics. 26" long, with two rows of narrow nylon and spandex stretch lace. You can trim them up to 24". A terrific idea from 
Olga! Sizes S,M,L,XL, in white or nude. 8.oo. Daywear. Downtown, 
North Star, W indsor Park, and 
Austin. C harge it. 

By MILDRED WHITEAKER 

A m aster plan is under way to sim ­ plify travel to Mexico and make tour­ ism with our ?km Rh bor South of the 
Border even more attractive. 
Several points in the plan were out­ lined in Acapulco last week by Guil­ lermo Rossel de la Lama, new Secre­ tary of Tourism under President Jose 
Lope/ Portillo. 
The secretary was speaking to U.S. press representatives visiting that re­ sort city at the invitation of Miguel 
Aleman, president of the Mexican Na­ tional Tourist Council, and Harding L. 
Lawrence, board chairman and presi­ dent of Braniff International 
“ Any delay in getting a tourist card is being e lim in a te d .” said R ossel. 
“ Within a week, tourist cards will Im1 available in many more places — in­ clu d in g h o tels, a irlin e offices and counters. A tourist will be able to fill out the card at the point of entry. 

“ A toll-free num ber will soon go into effect in the United States, which will offer all types of tourist information — even legal,” he said “ Operators will speak iii English. Spanish and G er­ m an.” 

Patrols increased 

The n um ber of Green Angels who patrol the highways in Mexico giving aid to motorists will In* increased, he noted. 
E a c h tru c k will now be equipped with a CB radio (formerly forbidden) and each will have at least one person who speaks English. 
Already famed for their efficiency in repairing vehicles, the “ Angels” will receive m ore training in helping in­ dividuals. added Rossel 

The discussion of Green Angels was in answer to an inquiry as to what is being done to m ak e m o to rists feel more secure — especially in Northern 
Mexico. 

Obviously optimistic about the tour­ ist picture in Mexico. R oussel said tourism has almost recouped to the point it had reached iii the fall and winter of 1M74-75. That s when the ser­ ious slump began under policies of the prey ions administration. 

Regarding his trip to Washington, 
D C., where he attended the State Din­ ner given by P re s id e n t and M rs. 
Carter for President and Mrs Lopez 
Portillo, Rossel said. 
“ We have ta lk ed w ith P re s id e n t 
Carter about tourists bringing out $4oo or maybe $5oo worth of merchandise tax free, and tin* suggestion met with great sympathy. 
“ We are a ls o talking with U.S. air­ lin es about increasing service to such resort areas as Puerto V allarta. Aca­ pulco. Ixtapan and others.” He did not name the airlines 
Such talk can cause trouble between the communication and air transport secretary and the tourism secreatry, he noted — with a smile. 
“ One wants to protect our national airlin e s and the o th e r w an ts to in ­ crease international travel 
It is my personal opinion that the cake is big enough to slice. We can have a big 
Mexican airline industry and still re­ ceive a g re a t a m o u n t of to u ris ts through other airlines. 
He spoke enthusiastically of the co­ operation between his office (a cabinet post) and the Mexican National Tourist 
Council headed by Aleman, form erly 
P resident of Mexico and a popular man internationally 
P re v io u sly th e re w ere too m any ag e n c ie s c o n c e rn e d w ith to u ris m . 
Roussel said. “ And too much friction.” 
Prices higher 

Prices are no longer as reasonable in 
Mexico as they were shortly after last fa ll’s devaluation of the peso. Salaries of workers have increased, and other internal costs have gone up. 
“ But we are well aw a re that the most important business Mexico has is tourism.” Roussel said. “ And it is the 
Secretary of T ourism ’s responsibility to see that any p ric e c h a n g e s a r e within reason ” 
When someone mentioned that most of the conversation had been directed toward the U.S. and asked w hether 
Mexico was actively courting E u ro ­ peans. he replied: 
“ Eighty-seven percent of tourism to our country com es from the United 
S tate s 
You a re not only o u r best friends, but our best custom ers.” 

You'll look as good as peaches 'n cream in ribbon and lace trim sleepw ear from Miss Elaine 

Smooth w as never this good . . . Rumplesheen sleepw ear, a M arc exclusive, will slip over your body and create a mood to compli­ ment a warm, breezy spring night. Left to right; when you feel a little old fashioned, but romantic, try this long ’four poster" gown, full cut with handkerchief sleeves. 
16.oo For a freer, looser feel­ ing, a long full-cut gown with 
V-plunge front and back with self-tie in back. 16.oo. To cover up, a matching button front long w rap with square neck and handkerchief sleeves. 
21.oo. All have delicate ribbon and intricate lace trim. M ade of 
Perm a Pucker, D ac­ ron® polyester and 
Avril® rayon you never need iron. Sizes 
P,S,M,L, in dream y peach. 
Sleepwear, Downtown, North 
Star, W indsor Park, and Austin 
Highland Mall. C harge it!! 

WW » > 

 a i ! 
Hi* I 
1 u r n ; ti i t i 

 far f i r a 
W c 
A \ \ A m I 

A UNIT Of ALLIED STV IMS 

Pogo 
2-B 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sundoy Februory 27 1977 
One week only! Save on Eureka vacuums! 

Small Electrics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas, and Austin 

Save 9.96! Powerful canister with attachments 
49 
99 

Reg. 59.95. A power-packed vacuum at a budget- stretching price! Power adjuster adapts to all types of carpet for more thorough cleaning while the shag groomer insures proper care of shag car­ peting. All steel construction with a bright, long­ lasting finish. IO piece attachment included. 

Save 19.95! 
Upright with 
Dial-A-Nap 
6995 

Reg. 89.9o. Great savings on a powerful upright vacuum! Six- position Dial-A-Nap rug a d ­ justment insures total cleaning of all kinds of carpets. Pomes complete with deluxe Colonial style bag and above the floor cleaning attachments. Buy this week and save! 

Longhorn band fete Wednesday 

Save 4o.oo! 
Eureka 
Upright vacuum 

> 139.9o. Dual suction ge cleaner carries full suction right up to baseboards. 
Six-piece tool set gives above the floor cleaning power. 
Top filling disposable bag. 
Has daylight headlight for fin- 
? ding dirt easier. 

The University of Tex­ as 
S y m p h o n ic 
Band co m e s b a c k to the 
Theater for the Perform­ ing 
Arts 
W e d n e s d ay evening at 7:3o for a n ­ o th e r p e r f o r m a n c e to benefit the San Antonio 
Texas Exes Scholarship 
Fund. 
The band and the 
Longhorn Jazz Ensemble com e to San Antonio under the co-sponsorship of the alumni organiza­ tion and the Express and 
News. 
Admission to the con­ cert is $1 with tickets available at all Sears stores. Southern Music 
Co. and at the door the evening of the p e r f o r ­ mance. 
Third year 
This is the third year that a UT band concert has benefitted the Texas 
Exes scholarship fund to as s is t y o u n g s t e r s in fu rthe ring their e d u c a ­ tions. 
F'ive students — four of them San Antonians — will benefit from the 1977 perfo rm an c e . T h ree of the s t u d e n t s receive d s c h o l a r s h i p s last year and will again he award­ ed several hundred dol­ la rs tow ard th e ir next year at the university. 
Teresa Flores, a 1974 graduate of I n c a r n a t e 
Word High School, has received a San Antonio 
T e x a s Exes Club Scho­ larship for the past two years. She has completed 
57 hours with a eummu- lative gradc-point av e r­ age of 3.2. She will g ra­ duate in December 1978 with a BA in accounting. 
Sam Spizman is a 19/6 graduate of Edison High 
School who is a freshmen biology pre-med major. 
He h as c o m p le t e d 16 hours with a perfect 4 1) grade point average and is p r e s e n t l y t a k in g 16 hours. 
Pau l 
C url, a 
1976 
Edison g r a d u a t e , has completed 22 hours as an 
E lectrical e n g i n e e r i n g m ajo r with a cummula- tive grade-point average of 3.1. He has recently s w itc h ed his m a j o r to 
English-Pre-law and is 
Fencing pays big 

WASHINGTON (AP ) 
— A fencing operation run by police and the FBI for 
14 m onths has recovered $2 million in stolen jewelry, s e c u r i ­ ties. luxury cars and an­ tiques. au t h o ri ties a n ­ nounced 
S a tu rd ay . 
Federal arrest warrants were issued for 16 p er­ sons in five East Coast state's. 

GLENN A. RICHTER presently taking 16 hours of study. 
Each of these y oung­ sters will receive an ex­ 

 tension of their scholar­ ships for another year. 
In addition, two other s c h o la r s h ip s are to be aw arded at W ednesday evening's concert 
One will go to another 
San Antonio arca young­ ster just entering the un­ iversity; the other will be awarded to a member of the Longhorn Band. The n a m e s a r e to be a n ­ nounced at a later date. 
The 75-member Texas 
Symphonic Band will be u n d e r the d ire c tio n of 
Glenn A. Richter. 

3 BEAUTIFUL 
STYLES... 
YOUR 
CHOICE 

Illustrations Enlarged 

We Accept 

• Bank A mer Icard • Master Charge 
• Diners Club • American Express 
• Shoppers Charge • Carte Blanche 

8 G R E A T STORES IN THE SAN ANTONIO AREA: 5o1 
East Houston, Dow ntow n a Las Palmas Shopping Cent**. 
• Pia*a Terrell Shopping Center a 842 S W M ilitary Driv^ 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall •W indsor Park Mall • Shop G o rd o n s 
Coast to Coast. 

2-4 -o2-2o 

Save 1o.oo! Roto-Matic canister vacuum cleaner 
139 

Reg. 149.95. Dual action edge cleaner carries full suction up to baseboards. Motorized beater bar deep cleans carpet, even shag. Automatic carpet height adjustment. Has two stage canister motor. Complete with all attachments for total cleaning capability! 
JOSH E ’S 
M A UNIT o r ALLIED STOKES 

These products have a manufacturer * warranty For a free copy of lh# warranty write: Joske s of Texas San Antonio. Texas 782o3 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Boy Scouts put out bags for Goodwill 

Alamo Area o outieil Boy Scouts are on their way to your home to deliver Good Turn Day hags so you can help the handicapped at Goodwill. 
The Boy Scouts will pick up the bags, filled with repairable clothing, sm all appliances and other small items that can be repaired by handicapped people at Goodwill, March 1ft, Good Turn Day 
Ii extra bags are needed, grocery bags may be used 
C om m . A lbert B u sta m a n te . Good Turn Day chairm an, said the event is Goodwill’s single, most important source of raw m aterials for the rehabili­ tation and employment of handicapped individuals in the San Antonio area. 
Serv icemen from loea! military bases have volun­ teered to help load and unload m aterials from trucks donated by local merchants. 

Job losses are reduced 

POST 5 4 6 EXPLORERS Gloria Guer- rero and Everitt Brown, standing, 
Cub Scout David B la se, le ft, and 
Boy Scout Ray Sanchez remind San 
Antonians of Good Turn Day, March 
19 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— The m ore than 1.2 million job losses caused by fuel shortages early this month were down to 
218.ooo last week as plants and b usin esses continued to reopen, the 
C om m erce D epartm ent 

 said Saturday. 
The number of people thrown out of work by shutdowns forced by fuel sh o rtag es could drop below 2oo.ooo early next week if present trends continue, the department said. 

Save 3.o1 on heavy duty 
Action Tracks shoes for boys l l " 
O riginally 15.oo, For climbing, running, sculling, and jumping into puddles, boys need a sturdy made-to-last shoe Action Tracks have ac­ tive kids in mind when constructing a workable, easy-care shoe. Sturdy denim upper with tan cushion padding protect growing feet. Sizes in­ fants' to 6. Children's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, and 
Austin Highland Mall. Charge it to your convenient Joske's account! 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S — Sunday February 27 1977 

Th pre* 
Win some wheels, put on a T, throw a frisbee! Join us for 
Famolare Week Feb. 28-March 5 

Joske's will be celebrating Famolare Week and to make it a real occasion to remember, we're offering unique prizes, all from Fam olare . . . the Get There people. You can win a big wheel" Famolare bicycle — a 225.oo value, the one seen on all Famolare trademarks, and five winners will receive Famolare tee shirts, 8.oo value. No purchase is necessary to be eligible for these prices, and win­ ners will be notified by mail. A special Fam olare week attraction! When you purchase a pair of Fam olares this we?ek you'll receive your choice of a frisbee, yo­ yo, tennis cap visor or balloon . . . all from Fam olare. Get there while quantities last and use your charge card! Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park and Austin! Be sure to see Joske’s Teen Board members model Fam olare 
Functional Fashion Shoes, Saturday, March 5 from noon to 5 p.m. 

Save 5.o1 to 7.o1! Action Tracks for the action conscious man 
12" 

Originally 18.oo to 2o.oo. Step into these super comfortable and super last shoes from Action Tracks for those hard play, warm days ahead. Whether it's for that game on the courts, or a Sunday afternoon softball game, these tracks will get you there and keep you rn top form. 
Top white man-made materials tor easy-throw-m-the-washer care with blue stripes 
Bottom, nylon mesh lor cool comfort, blue with white stripes. Both have flexible cushioned arch and insole Sizes 7 to 12 M 
Men's S h o e s , Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin Charge it! 
JOSKE’S 

A UNIT o r ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Now you can 'Get 
There' in style with new Famolare shoes! 

Fam olare . . . a shoe so com­ fortable, so different you feel as if you're actually walking in waves when you slip into a pair! It s a special feeling in footwear . . . with three exciting bottoms to select from . . . the 
Hi 
There', 
Get 
There' or 
Rush' . . . from almost flat to three inches high! 
All in quality, all-leather or natural rope uppers. 
Choose white, brown, natural-tone, tan, navy or multicolors, sizes 5 to IO, narrow or medium. Charge it in 
Shoes, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

JOSKE’S 
SHOP ALL STORES 
IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 
A UNIT o r ALLIED STOKES 

1 9 7 7 Dimes W alk will go downtown Saturday 

The 1977 M arch of Dimes Super 
Walk will begin at 8:3o a.m . Saturday at E l Mercado. 
F o r the first time, m archers will be going through downtown, east on 
Houston Street to the Alamo, at the invitation of the San Antonio Down­ towners Assn. 
The walkers will then turn south to 
Mission Parkway to San Juan Mission, 

 through Espada Park and return to 
F a rm e rs' Market. 
This y e a r 's walk ch a irm a n . Ken 
Dushore, said both teenagers or adults can participate in the walk. 
Money raised by the walk will go to the Birth Defects Center at Santa Rosa 
Hospital 
Sponsor form s may bo obtained from schools or any Jaek-in-the-Box. 
TODAY’S 

 iW IE lE IP O T A M IE : 

BONUS NUMBER: mEE-mm-mmizB 
The following numbers win 

TW O $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

453-92-8o18 
459-o7-oo1o 

456-56-9449 
381-14-4218 

342-o1-9639 

DEADLINE: 
5 p u 
M o n _ 
2 - 2 8 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

C la im s n o t h o n o r e d o n S a t . o r S u n . 

W inners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the S W EEP STA K ES E D ITO R at the E xpress-N ew s building, 
A ve. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be forfeited otherw ise. A l l PRIZES ARE IN THE FO R M O F G IF T C ER TI­ 

FICATES FO R THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEM ABLE AT S TO R ES W H IC H 
H AVE AD VER TISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, TH E N E W S , 
O R WEEK END E X P R ES S -N E W S TH IS W E EK . W inners o f Spurs tickets will receive ticket claim letters w ith w hich they m ay claim their tw o free 

 tickets to the home gam e o f their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YO U UP TO 
. $5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! 

 lf you're the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Num ber, and you're a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The N ew s, yo u ’ll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIO N A L $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Num ber, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, yo u ’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 

The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PUR CH ASE N E C E S S A R Y . Entry cards also available at the E x­ press-N ew s upon request. W inn in g num bers m ay be view ed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a rn. to 5 :3 o p.m . M o n da y - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I . T O I N T O 

(MKi roe * So* Mat W c w rlty era* raw*** * to * V * t t P t T A * U IS * 
P R IS S 
A M O 
N I W I 
P O 
S O I 
Z S S S , t o n Ara##****, 
F R IO T 
TH* l >W» 1 i NHM t to* *# » 
< 
•<* N» * p iH H t r ^ , a<H»«*****f tto*** rn *>1*9 
N e p w t iM M it r t - 

 it 
« 
•*#<** tw B M H S tr t i A t N i l y I t n A n t t w t I * * * * * * 
'fbi* N * * i . fee 
<?* tit* Witt It* a w a r d e d e n a d p h tiw tt H O O m p n i t i 
I# 
A * 

 i tfe# 
I e n d 
H m m *. Aw * . I e n d TIt4«d S t., It e m 
Sr S O a m t# S> S O 
* rn w **fc d e y * A* ta r* *• <fe*«fc A t 
T IS * 
N a d ?** **A t* uAmA t a* 
A t lap**** a * N e w * a t N 
A t i ti yen# wmfe ft* a d d ta i at** a m a * f M if t f O t W I e al** 
N O 
Ile * *♦ yea A* e*a wtatt a* »«A»«• Aa 
|«a#MM w a y . y t w «< * f t t f i H t ft* ai** pnitt A fee tend m A t *tm flpl*»ed entry card 

 a. w ize s r n 
» l «■ * Im 
W M ,. M a n 
Wv ■>»«»» a* l**Wy m M>« Un 
A ny— in I« * «* »• w 
IM . M n * 1 

!• * < • ». M a n , 
M i n i a n a M a w 
“ MI in n W 
W W il y a n * a n • „ 
M f * 
' n ' 
Mm a a a * a n a , a n a 

 fit* l a n M i in la i a n i I t u n . 

 ran, fcrma aka 
Ka*# aMaMnai in Mi* Wa An. 
■aaa li^ a u 'Ka Man* ar la)- wM» #• Vi«a«> la ^ a ii M a l 
Manna Ma* nan* 

S U M O * * 
M H O 
W K L 
( O M L I D or LOMU* NMMui woaiM 
L l OOO O O 
M O O I 
L A C H 
W U K 
OLM IO I M 
I Ll T K K ftf L I ACM 

 a , ‘ a ia n i tu b a . *<La« *a l h . a rn l f 
U y i a i i O O IH n H a m 
Ka a* t h . wiM b a a n a . Ma a a n a n n u m , ti' 
L I S O a i a*1*** 

L A I U t D A T M I I I L W K L C O M Ll L l or 
• LO ( I ) ll ll) 
I O IL I 
I L T O O L L L t lC K IT L IL K A M I 

D A K T M U H IM L O T H IM I I K - 
M 
I U A M O IM I M I W L 

• SO l l ) ss 111 
IO IS ) 
S CMU K l L L H e m I* ( I K A IO I 

A 
IO T A L 
O r 
L IO O 
IM 
M U L L 
D A K T KL D L • L L LI*U K L It C K IT L ’ 

3 . H O W Y O U C A N 
W IN : 
A A t w t t f w in * « fc «td d e ity ae 
4a*wrmma ma d a y '* tartar* to**** Bra *> 
S a e d e y . ated 
M entftey w*e**r* w rit N 
R te w n att* |*r*«*dM*B f * * d «r TM t e N r y e a te e d m yea# e n t r y att* «*»*<• w * # fc» y e * W in Is* #1*9*o** a* e rie pm*** 

4 . O f A D U N C T O C L A IM 
H U U S 
W te m e ^ r u r m N r t w ill B t p*tOf*»B 
* d *e*fe d a y *« #fe* t o * A e la e e t 
I o |m ••• Tfea N e w t , e n d S e ta td e y 
*f*d 
W fLdtty tap*#** N e w * . 
C t 
**»*•* w te san w»M 
Hew * a « »rl 
***** alt* i t H t w w f d a y a* t i e * 
(*# 
• 
N e w t W H M tfrt Wit* fee* a 

 eead lp m att* N t t t w A f d a y a* cleam 
N e m im N r it p o B k tfcad em b d t y k t f e r d t s et S u n d a y. At putti m a tt 
B t d ee m ed B y I p m 
A t f t t t t v r n p 
MumtNiy * * A t y Witt B * to rt# it# R 
W itm e r* m a y t » m * t a m a Clr* 
• A A tt Oepia el At tap*#** 
N e w t t o . l t o i j 
A w * 
I e n d Tfeed 
Sa a* «(e*m A t t p r i i t i 
Tfe*y m a ta Hew* p r t t f *1 N ic e to * tat to cwt Ty flw n s N r fM *# **« B iy * to * tel to * «v * ty c a rd . 
(M et # A t » d «A ttfM * fM A 
W in n e r* ma*• cee* itw i At* (a p r t t f t e n d N e w t B y »fe* 
« p p r # # r ia » t d e a d lin e a r p i u t * t " t t Be for* a i ta d 

S . W H O M A Y IN T C * 

Yfea S S O O O O S w a e e tia B e t 7 ? it e # a n a* a n y re ttd a n * #1 a n y O r* * 
******* a*i* S e n A m e n t* b p r t i t a n d TA* N e w t e re d * * trs ta te d 
Tit* e e ly t a m m a m a m * m a r 
A t 
Hew* e 
1* **1 
• a m e e r 
I m p le y t t t e n d e t* f am*#*** 
#1 
It ^ r e t t -P i * w t 
Cen* e n d 
W t d p 
P rtw tm g 
C e , 

 t o ld to d d y 

 efetpdM* 
N O 
B U R C H A M 
IS 
It o A R V T O ftN T IR O S C L A IM not fease IS 
A P R U * 
A n e n t r y c a rd W itt B e 

S en 
A n te m e 
I t pa a t* e n d 
Tit# 
N e w t News 
S SO a m a* 
% IO 
)t rat. 
- * f t t * M 
B Vm n *o9 t v * 
B e r* m a y B d v ie w e d a* IB * I t f»r a t t fete art B a d d tn « ite m 
I I O a tm a* S ; S o pi rn 
M e a d e y 
T ri- lie r . e t e t *vto*« liB re r ie t d a » » ^ a fa rs fee ar* 
T O M 
N H O 
N O T 
S O O K R A M 
O R 
M A M I 
A N Y 
B U R C H A M t o t y e a ma** e n te r ae 
B* **<9*to# ta wm T H IS Of#IB IS vo*o WMH Bistate no st 
L A W 

Exclusively at Joske's! 
Create your own shelving system with Montclair wall units! 

Save 4o.oo to 5o.oo! 
Create dynamic shelving units with four hickory-finished modules by Montclair 

9 
9 
° 
° t o 1 
6 
9 
o o 

A. Open modular, reg, 159.oo, now 
99.oo 

B. Two-door modular, reg. 189.oo, now . . 149.oo 
C. Drop-lid desk unit, reg. 199.oo, now 

D. Three-drawer unit, reg. 2o9.oo, now 
159.oo 
169.oo 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L l 

B M flB M ADHKRK TO POSTCARD, PLEASE! M B iM B ia 

San Antonio Express 
ITie News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 
*L»il »o 

(t*f*L L arm N e # , SW (t**>tA K fS 
P O l o . 2 JHS 
Son Anion,o. f»«o» /• 7 9 7 
ATON CHC UL A HON Of PI 

•ti* 

My Aecia* M cuarrr m um sui it* 
□ 

Wool# RiltOY rn# ii 

S WURST ARIS or>d I would 

Wit *© M t o a lutH C ffliO h OS 
Y E S 
•ndKO*ad ba lea for Aw n*.t 
9o do,* 
□ 

 fW ow ant*, ma at tha 
SWUL-STAIUS 
*«,) I p,t «a, 

KO* to or ta r a mb L< option to 
N O 
Mw pope- > st thi| time 

TflH»MON| 

ATI 

N A M I 
_________ _________________________ 

A D O N IS — 
_______ _ _____________________ _____ _____________ 

CAV------------------- 
S f A l f __________ 
______________ ,______ZI* 

D H aora ‘ tort S a it.e i, ot th# N a m A S ensor L j Piaoia ttort d a ii.a ty o* th# lip r a t r A Sunday 

□ t o w . ttort Salivary ot t o * i * p > e i > and N a .) 

□ 
I am otraoS r o m W h W to th# f *p<*»». piaote odd th* N a ml M onday fttidoy to my LotoLcnpho« 

□ 
I em obaody a L u t m to tho Now*, ptaota odd th# ta p ,a tt Monday lndoy, to my twOt<>W °n 

Now you can design your own wall shelving systems to suit your needs! Store television sets stereos books plants and more in these versatile units! Stack them or place them side by side . . . use them any way you need for your particular room arrangement. Great in family rooms, dens, your home office ... any place you need ex­ tra storage! All wood hickory finish on solid hickory and hickory veneers. Door panels are reversible for extra versatility! Choose hickory veneer or simulated cane door fronts. All units are 25x3ox16". Base unit with adjust­ able levelers, 2 x3o 'xl5" size, 1o.oo. Furniture, Downtown and North Star. Buy yours now and save! 

IN STOCK, READY FO R IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
ASK ABOUT JO SKE'S CONVENIENT MAJOR PU RCH A SE BUDGET PLAN! 

C. 

B. 

3£ 

‘I T 
4 
I 
- 

C C D 

•'l«*:> •?***?** vt 

<*t*b'li«.ti?t't*9k't.Vk*ffe*K' 

• £l!>iiU?LH!l!KI.VH<iL^L' laaH'lifi'llttilKlillllfe 
Ua^t.aCt'tV't^tV'fttn'L 

-LL-ja 

 a e A UNIT OF ALLIED STOWS 
SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Patio furniture values! 

Patio Shop, Downtown, North Star, Las Palmas and Austin 

IN STOCK, READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
NO MAIL OR PHONE ORDERS, PLEASE!. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

3-piece wrought iron mesh top cafe set 
69oo 
Three-piece set 

Delicate, but long lasting! Wrought iron is fashioned into two graceful chairs and mesh top table. A special value for your outdoor entertaining! Use your Joske's charge card! 

Outdoor patio swing & stand 

Bright, cheery yellow enamel finish adds a neat touch to your back yard! 
Has a stand so you can set it up easi­ ly! Buy now for the summer! 

Dining table and four chairs 

Lime green enamel finish and glass topping on this table and chair set will accent any patio or sitting room! 
Buy yours now at this low price! 
OO 

Mesh outdoor seating group 

Mix and match these pieces for a conversational group! Wrought iron and mesh in yellow or green finish. 
Settee, 99.oo; cocktail table, 39.oo. 

Spring chair 

OO 

5-piece mesh dining group 

Enjoy patio entertaining in style with 
Spring chair this exciting mesh dining group! 
Spring chairs are cool and airy, yet take up little space! Table 119.oo 
69oo 

Decorator PYC strap group 
Canvas and vinyl patio group 

By V irtu* of California. White on white powder coated finish. 48" glass top table, 129.oo; chaise lounge, 
119.oo. An outstanding value! 

Outdoor armchair 
49oo 

M arin er acrylic canvas has white frame and blue fabric, with white vinyl lacing trims. 48" glass top ta­ ble, 129.oo; chaise lounge, 129.oo. 

Outdoor armchair 
49oo 

J O S K E ’S 
A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

ASK ABOUT JOSKE'S MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 
SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO TIL 9! 

Tlip Side 

 of the News 

It didn't take Hollywood long to catch up with boys 

A U C K . 
T e x 
— 
P e r c y 
G a rc ia , 
Hi. and Dean B rid g e s, 15, who found half a million d ollars in the g ro u n d , did not know how to handle it and fi­ nally had it taken by police, m a y strik e it rich again. 
“ What the Internal R evenu e has ta ­ ken. Hollywood will re tu r n ,” says A n­ tonio Suntillun. a L o s A n g e le s nun ii' producer who has the two youths und er con tract for rights to a m ovie. It will he based on the b iz a rre e v e n ts that fol­ lowed the day in Ja n u a ry when the two boys dug the money out of the ground on a farm run by B r id g e s ’ fath er. 
G arcia and B ridg es, two A in e High 
S ch o o l s o p h o m o r e s , too k o ff on a sp end in g s p re e that en ded two d a y s l a t e r w hen p o lic e s to p p e d t h e m in 
W aco, 2oo miles from A lice, for a t r a f ­ fic violation. 
S a n ! 111 a ii. who s a y s he p r o d u c e d 
“ Dirty M ary. Crazy L a r r y . ” hopes to m ak e a 2oth Century H uck leb erry Fin n version. 
Authorities are still trying to d e te r ­ mine the origin of the m oney. l’he IRS has placed a $3oo,ooo bite on the money which now rests in a W a co 
'hank. 

Santillan, who said he has a n o th e r m o v ie c o m in g out n ext m o n th w ith 
Evel K n e e d , explained that the b o y s’ sto ry would he one of “ tw o k id s lo whom som eth in g happened that does not happen in 2o.ooo lifetim e s. T h ey 

Anchor away down deep 

G R O T O N . 
C o n n . 
— 
A m e r i c a ’ s newest a ttack su b m a rin e dropped its an chor — and lost it. 
Crew m e m b e r s of the U S S. P h ila ­ delphia said the sleek 3oo-foot sub had com p leted its second sea trial when it decided to an ch o r outside New London h arb or recen tly b e ca u se the T h a m e s 
R iver near the N avy's su b m a rin e base w as foggy. 
T h e a n ch o r w as d ro p p e d , its ch ain slid free and followed the an ch o r to the b o tto m of L o n g I s la n d S o u n d , c r e w m e m b e r s sa id . T h e y said th e P h i l a ­ delphia circled i i i t h e Sound u n t i l last the next m orning. 

TTI have the rocky road’ 

H ON OLULU - W hen Mr. and M rs. 
R ich ard D u nb ar invited Lew is B e n j a ­ min for d in n er th e o th e r night, they neglected to tell him about one of the h azard s of living on a hillside. 
Ile found out a fte r d e sse rt, when an eight-foot iMiulder cra sh e d through the uphill side of the house. 
The boulder rolled down a hill and crush ed through a wall, d em o lish in g a w ashing m a c h in e , ca b in e ts , a d in ette set and m ost of the plum bing. 
No injuries w ere re p o rted . 

SANTILLAN and Bridges talk movie contract 

 co m e upon this la rg e su m of m o u es aud don’t even know how to handle it. 
Apparently they did not. 
They took a bus to D allas, g a v e huge tips, left the su itcases under the bed, w(ait shopping and bought things like six pairs of jeans and six sw e a ts h irts. could not decide between a $2(1 and $12<i c a m e r a , bought a e a r off a sh ow room , an d " s m o k e d s o m e jo in ts a n d got stoned.” 
Santillan says it does not sound like so m e th in g M urk T w ain w ro te , “ hut this is another century and the values a re different.” 

Tootstomper’ pinched 

A TL A N T A — T h e m a n a rr e s te d as 
A tla n ta 's “ f o o t-s to m p e r ” used to he tin* “ f o o t - s t o m p e r ” of N a s h v i l l e . 
T en n ., au th orities s a v . 
A tla n ta p o lic e filed 12 c h a r g e s of s i m p le b a t t e r y a g a in s t G e o r g e M i t ­ chell last week, hut a sp o k esm a n said a g g ra v a te d a ssau lt c h a r g e s would also he brought b eca u se so m e v ic tim s sui fcrcd sev e re injuries, including broken toes and deep cu ts 
M itchell w as a r r e s t e d T h u r s d a y by o ffice r CI K. T y l e r , w ho said he saw 
Mitchell s ta re into a w o m a n 's ey e s and then cra sh the heel of his p latfo rm shoe onto h e r foot as sh e stood on a downtown A tlan ta street 

A tlanta police said at least 2o women have reported s im ila r a tta ck s 
N ash v ille p olice said M itch ell w as a rr e s te d sev e ral tim e s and sen te n ce d to the co u n ty w o rk h o u se for s i m i l a r offenses. 
P au l U selton. assistan t ch ief of the 
Nashvillo-D av idson County M etro Po 
Hee. said his d e p a rtm e n t has fo rw a rd ­ ed M itch ell’s m u g sh o ts to A tlanta po­ lice. 

V- i* 

 is. 

PRICES 
GOOD 
THRU 
WED. 
MAR. 2nd 
1977 

HP® ■ :V': "■ 

*v ' : 

I t O P l 

 r n 
SUPERMARKETS 

H Kiii 

 gM SIfc 2a“ 
/#* 

: 
N 
O 
. i " 
- 
PURCHASE 
NECESSARY 

 l f -fSSfe 
. 
{DETAILS IN 

... ... 

[VALU E 
•TAMPS 
★★ DELUXE DOLLAR DAYS SALE...NOW IN PROGRESS** 

FR EN CH CU T 
IEL MONTE 
GREEN 
BEANS 
N O . 3 o 3 CAN 
I 

•I 

JUICE 
DRINKS 

• PINEAPPLE O R A N G E • 
PINEAPPLE/O R A N G E • PINK PINEAPPLE 
I 

1^— fe; V 

. 
• - mm 
* v 
:'r, & ' 
W'f .5 « 
* .. v*! 

A V 

DEL MONTE 
SWEET 
PEAS 

NO. 3o3 CAN 

*x' I 

 g n 

S i s 

: “ A 
” i i i 
I K B S B i l 

 j 
■ 
'^ 1% 
*■ 
*#f \ " '■ 
■ 
’ 
^ v < 
- u ■ 
, 

D O Z E N 

^ 
' ' 

& 
* ' 
■ ■' N 
■ 
■ 
' .? 

S B 8 B M 
1 B 

DEL MONTE 
WHOLE KERNEL OR CREAM STYLE 
CORN 

NO. 3o3 CAN 

DEL MONTE 
TOMATO 
CATSUP 

14 O Z. BTL. 
I 

ROYAL 
GELATIN 
ASSORTED FLAVORS 
3 O Z. PKG . 
VELVET 

SHORTENING 
42 O Z. CA N 

?$ 

PEPSI or 7-UP 

29 

PLUS 
* « 

■ i 
Ilk 
I,, 
* 3 ■ 
O Z * Rli-i ♦ x^i 

• s to m 
J I ? 1 
6 PACR CTR. 
PIUS D ip 

 m m 

 rn * 

■ 
■ 
B a r 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 

WHOLE 
FRYERS 
LEGS 

LB.59 t 

CHUCK 
STEAKS 

5 LBS. 
OR 
MORE 

DELUXE OU AUTY S its. OR MORE 
GROUND 
MEAT ta 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEET 
SHORT 
RIBS ta 

■ Ti a B b . > 
DECKER QUALITY aam 
. 
C O * SLICED 
O C * 

^ 
B 
A 
C 
O 
N 
S 
O Z PKG 
* 
^ 

■ 
A i 
WISCONSIN 
£ r n a o 
% Q 
« LONGHORN 
5 1 4 9 
■ J * 
CHEESE 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 
SHOULDER 
ROUND 
STEAKS 

5 LBS. 
OR 
MORE 

« f c f c £ * B B B B B 
M 
A 
H 
— 
« Ar 
*3 

 or/w 

Stam p* 
®«gS 

PICNIC 
STYLE 
PORK 
ROAST 

LB. 
E Q 

O i l 

FAIST A lf 
N. - 
# 
6 PACR 
GLASS 
CANS 
I 

PLUS. 

25 LB. 
BAG 

STRAWBERRIES 

FRESH MEXICO CROP 
JUST RIGHT WITH WHIPPED CREAM A CAKE 
S 
I 

 i s B O * * * ' J , * I 

 k V a ''* S' ° cv,o s* «* 
5 r 2 i i w 
#*-V» *«» l i n o * ' * o ** 

W V » P P * " iC ,* ° 
' 

CARROTS 
IS 3 P 1 oo 

‘FUERTE" CALIF. 
BUTTERY RIPE ’ 
AVOCADOS 
7?$1 oo 

TEXAS “ FULL OF JUICE” 
ORANGES 
1 5 **1 oo 

ROME FARM FRESH 
APPLES 
4,„ s’ 1oo 

TENDER, LENTEN TREAT 
NOPAUTOS 
. 29* 

CA U F. S.K. SIZE 165 
LEMONS 
I SPIoo 

M EXICO ‘ TROPICAL TREAT” 
JICAMA 
* 29* 

CALIFORNIA, LARGE CRISP HEADS 
3**1oo 

TO P 

LETTUCE r n * 
A i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 1977 

/ 

All is not well in soap opera land 

To hare your problem solved or a ques­ tions answered, write Action-Express, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, TX 78297. 
House numbers 
I personally feel you would be doing the greatest service — not only to the citizens of San Antonio but to the visitors to our great city — if you would initiate a campaign to make it mandatory that all houses, homes and businesses display their ad­ dresses prominently so as to be visible from the street. 
Absolutely, at times when searching for a parti­ cular address, you can waste untold measures of fuel driving back and forth, driving blocks past the number you are searching for before you actually locate it. 
Try it sometime — you will quickly agree with what I am saying. 
I think there is a city ordinance covering this matter, but it is never enforced. There should be a campaign started and pushed until the problem is overcome. 
The convenience and the fuel saved makes it more than just worthwhile. It is a courtesy we owe our citizens and visitors to our city. 
SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO TO GET THE BALL 
ROLLING! 
I don’t think my identity is necessary. The important thing is that this message covers a worthwhile and most important subject. 
E. M. S. 

Did y o u miss your favorite soap opera last week. The Ex press-ISe us presents the highlights o f the previous week's episodes each Sunday exclusively in San 
Antonio. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 
Nick told Erica she may hate being his sex object, but not enough to stop seeing him. Joe suggest­ ed that Kitty’s illness is not physical and that she consult analyst Dr. Polk. 
Phoebe fumed about 
D onna’s presence in 
Chuck and Little Phil’s lives. Kitty came to Myr­ tle's defense when Poebe threatened to send Myr­ tle back to the streets. 
ANOTHER 
WORLD: 
Willis, Owen and Evan vied for an architectural job with wealthy newcomer Vera Finley. 
Iris’ plans for Brian were stymied when his Tonier lover. Corinne Seton, ar­ rived. Alice hired Jeff. who was peeved to find that Burt had become in terested in Clarice. 
Olive started the rumor that Pat was making ex­ cessive demands in the divorce settlement with* 
John. Jim , Frank and 
Russ halted Liz’s med­ dling. Russ reconciled with Sharlene. 
AS 
THE 
WORLD 
TURNS: John decided to snatch Andrew himself after Pat got cold feet. 
Joyce shifted her interest 

Soap 
Opera 
Review 

By JON-MICHAEL REED 

 front Don to Jim . Bob told Valerie he’d like to see her stay in town, but she agreed to let Natalie sell Val’s farm. Lisa got fed up with G ra n t’s preoccupation with his work and not enough ho- melife. Carol told Tom she couldn’t handle a r ­ senous relationship now 
DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
Bill and Laura worried about M ickey’s belief that Mike, who was re­ leased on bail, is lying. 
Maggie and Don a r ­ ranged for Mickey to handle the case by him­ self. Phyllis presented 
Neil with a Mercedes for 

 his birthday. Trish and 
Je ri had a forgiving reunion. Brooke found 
Trish in their old apart­ ment, but Trish couldn't remember the murder. 
After a short dis­ appearance, 
Trish showed up in Marlena’s office as Lisa. 
THE DOCTORS: After remembering tiler home. 
Parolee ran away from the sanitarium to hop a bus to Madison. But Dr. 
Brandt found her and brought her back. 
Maggie told Matt he’d humiliated her (via No- la) for the last time. She was consoled by new ar­ chitect, Kyle Wilson. 
Paul had nightmares that 
Stacy’s baby will be han­ dicapped. 
THE 
EDGE 
OF 
NIGHT: 
Bill and Steve arrested Clay, and res­ cued Nicole, who was hospitalized. Doctors as­ sured Adam that Nicole would be fine, but that her baby may have been affected by the drug overdoses. Beau forced 
Danny to help him 
‘‘strong arm ’’ Harold Ni­ vens, who died of a heart attack. Chris grew closer to Tracy during therapy sessions. 
GENERAL 
HOSPI­ 
TAL: Laura's commune leader, Buck, threatened 
Lesley, saying he’d keep 
Laura by force, but Rick rescued the ladies. Jeff 

 and M onica’s boudoir reunion was a bust. Gina prom ised not to tell 
Adam that Jill had in­ jured herself because she’d been drunk. Tom com plained to 
T e r n about his custody fights with 
Audrey over 
Tommy. 
GUIDING 
LIGHT: 
Mike gave Rita nn ulti­ matum — tell the truth or hire another lawyer. 
Jackie connived to have 
Mike handle her legal affairs. Roger reluctant­ ly admitted that Rita’s defense was more im ­ portant than their secret. 

LOVE OF LIFE: Tom returned home to find 
Arlene dancing in Ian’s arms and assumed the worst. Mia told Ben she knows who killed Jim , and Andrew offered a reward for knowledge concerning his son ’s death. 
ONE LIFE TO UVE: 
The woman who is caring for Kevin decided to ig­ nore new scasts about 
Cathy and the kidnapping because she wants to keep the child. Brad ad­ vised Jenn y to seek 
Will’s help after she con­ fessed she has sexual hangups. Vicki grew su­ spicious of Joe’s depen­ dence on Dorian. 
RYAN S HOPE: Mary told Jack she d divorce him the day after their 

 baby was born, if he agreed to participate in the Leboyer birth method with her. Maeve rescued 
Dee from an abortion clinic as 
Dee had planned. Pat was advised to do the right thing by marrying Dee. 
SEARCH 
FOR 
TO 
MORROW: Cindy was in critical condition after being shot by Ed. who was arrested. The prose­ 

 cution forced Jo and 
Bruce to give incrimin­ ating testimonies against 
John about his relation­ ship with Jennifer, who was subpoenaed as a de­ fense witness 
THE 
YOUNG 
AND 
THE RESTLESS: 
Jill told Greg that Liz. not 
Snapper, had pulled Bill s plug and Grog offered to be S n a p p e r’s lawyer. 
Chois learned of Peg and 

Jack’s sexually defunct m a rria g e. Jo Ann was em barrassed by Kay s comforting embraces. 
Send your questions about soap op eras to 
“ Tune in Tom orrow .’’ 
P.O. Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Tex., 73297. Ques­ tions cannot be answered personally, but those of general interest will be answered in future co­ lumns. 

There is a city ordin­ ance covering this matter in the city code. 
Chapter 35, section 35-3 says, “It shall be the re­ sponsibility of the ow ner and/or occupant of any house fronting on a pub­ lic street to place house numbers on such houses in so conspicuous a man­ ner that the number may be easily discernible and read from the opposite side of the street.” 
The ordinance further says if a house is too far back from the street or if the view is obstructed and the number cannot be read from the street, it should be placed on a plank on the property in a conspicuous manner. 
The ordinance also dictates the type of ma­ terials and the size of the letters. 
F ailure to com ply could result in a convic­ tion punishable by a fine not to exceed $2N. 
The house numbering division of Building and 
Zoning is responsible for 

 the enforcement of this ordinance. 
A spokesman from the house numbering di­ vision said inspectors patroled different areas of the city every day to enforce this ordinance. 
He said the inspector gives the home or bu­ siness owner a warning. 
If the resident or owner does not com ply, he is fined. 
“ We have a lot of ground to co v er.” the spokesman said. “Some­ times we cover an area and the house numbers are in accordance with the regulations. But by the time we get to that area again, we find the num bers have been knocked down or are in bad shape and they have been that way for a per­ iod of time.’' 
The spokesman asked that all San Antonio citi­ zens comply with the or­ dinance. He said many citizens did not even know the regulation existed. 
Grocery store giveaway 

Enclosed is a game folder a local grocery store is banding out in connection with a sweepstakes contest it is sponsoring. 
The rules say one game piece will be given out per customer per visit. 
There is flits one woman that has been getting game pieces from every checker on each visit at the branch I go to. 
She goes out the door and then turns right around and comes back in for more. She does it several times a day. 
She has been asked to leave the store after calling the checkers names and saying things that upset the customers and the employes. 
Now she is coining back to the store and is allowed to get a piece from the checker and the manager gives her all she wants. 
Why are the rules of the game altered for this troublemaker when the rest of us nice customers are univ allow ed one game piece per visit? lf you need a follow-up, any checker can verify this information. They all seem rather disgusted by the 

CONC ERNER CUSTOMER 
The m anager of the manager said 

CONHJSED?? 

 t With the new tax 

• LAWS N A V I CNA MOCO 
• NEW FOAMS 

 laws and deductions j — You may lose money UNLESS: You go to a professional. 

• REBATE? 
• TABLES AM DIEEERINT 

 i i iBP 

UBT UM SOL VB YOUM PROBLiMS 
STEVEN BANKLER 
YAX A I V M N m CO m VtTAIir 
RRST NATIONAL RUN). SUITS RAO 
APPOINTMENTS ARI AV A IL A RLI 
I H S c 
. 

V Y '*1 

/ 
J 
<«\t 

 branch >ou ge to said the 
‘‘troublemaker" was en­ titled to as many pieces 
Af. she wanted according 
I# the rules. 
. The rules say no pur­ chase is required and a game piece will be given par customer per visit. 
“ She can come in as 

“So is anybody else." he added. lf you were to go to the store three times a day instead of once, you too could get three gam e pieces. 
The manager said you could go three tim es a day fiery day and the 

IT’S YOUR LAST CHANCE TO SAVE D U RIN G OUR 
MILLION DOLLAR CLEARANCE 
Litton 
O O 

MODEL 1o2 
MODEL L-2 
BROWNER 

S A V E 

Now only 

Reg. $299.95 

Reg. 
19.95 

6o.oo 
$259.9o 

R G A 
XL-1oo 
25 

 ave 

 menv tim es per day as checkers should not stir wants aud by the complain because that is ruR*s. is entitled lo one what the customer is en- pieae for each visit.” the tilled to under the rules. 
. i 
Juvenile rider 
||iw many warning tickets docs a person have to recrpve before he. or the parents if he is a minor, is finial’ 
A 43-year-old boy has I w n riding a motorcycle in our neighborhood since July. I97B. To date, we know the police have been to his house several tunes and he is still riding his motorcycle without a license. 
Neither the boy nor his parents pay any attention. 
This makes it hard on parents who have children this i*e and who are trying to bring them up to respect and obey the laws 
Aren’t parents responsible for children under age and subject to a fine’’ We know the parents know he is driving without a license. 
F. R H 

S i n * * * * " 5 

T S * M o d e l ( O f m w w m * « * n it to to * 
• n * v g b to S o n d t* m o lt e v e ry d a y <<><* . in * n * * d t, y * f co m p o rt e n o u g h I * (it info a corn** of your c o v n t*r tp *r « 
A n d w ith A til © m o tx D e tro it yo u con o ve n m o ll* la i t - m i n u t * d * < iit * n t — th e n 
C * * ii e n t ir e m e a l * r i g h t f r o m t h e 
It * * * * * . C m 
* in (or o n e n e rgy -to v tn q m x r o w j v e r o o k in g d e m o n str a tio n Ie dor- 
I M 
I ' 

» t t SOUD SIAU 

MA COMAI COLOR 
CONSOLE 

•6 3 9 “ 
SUGG 
LIST 

K-S* 
* 
‘wy it’s 
* £ 3 * 

 tide* . po****'1 

 vin* 

 and 

P 1 
,ul r*' 
SM* ®t ® 

•* *Lr* of ttd*»° 

H O P P S 
LOW, LOW 
PRICE 

SOME ITEMS REDUCED 
M 
Q 
T 
BELOW ACTUAL INVOICE COST! 

MANY ONE-OF-A-KIND 
SCRATCH N DENT— FLUOR MODELS— SOME IN CRATES 

Rf/T 

5-YR. 
MAGNETRON 
WARRANTY 

Full Oft* yOOT warranty an aft ports, jtJmq rh# magnetron ond lobo* in tho homo. lim ited second through fifth yow warranty on magnetron port mplocomont only 

A spokesm an from 
M unicipal Court said each (ave im oiling a JU lenile was handled dif­ ferently.. 
Since Jon did nut send the nannr et the bay In your I (Warr, A ctiooL x- press cuaild nut check in to your particular situa­ tion 
Call the police depart­ ment. 225-J th I. and ask tor juvenile. Give them the name avid address ut the bay and they will giie you the stat Ms af his case. 
The fir s t lim e a ju­ venile Is caught, he Is 

 usually given a citation 
The judge usually puts him on 3o days proba­ tion. 
At the end of 3o days, the juienile Is called in to see the judge at a time when be is out of schuol. 
The second tim e the juvenile is caught, he is turned oier to the Ju- irnile Division of the po lice department 
A spokesm an at ju ic n ile said the boy is then turned m er to his 
C reels and sent before a ige. The judge uses his discretion in leielling a fine. 

Look at those advanced Litton features 
M C om pact exterior, w ith ea sy-clean acrylic interior. 
Automatic Defrost. 
2o-minute timer. 
16o-pg. “Exciting World of Microwave 

RE CERTIFY THAT EVERY TV, 
STEREO, RASHER, DRYER, 
REFRIGERATOR, RANGE, 

 m i c r o w a v e o v e n , 
DISHWASHER, COMPACTOR 
FREEZER IN OUR STOCK IS 
SALE PRICED. 

NOTHING HELD BACK 
ALL ITEMS MUST GO! 
NO DEALERS 
PLEASE 

7 STORE BUYING PO W ER 
V 
B re re i m n 

26oo W I SF AVE 
733-9138 

WONDERLAND 
732-7193 

UNIVERSAL O T Y 
658-5381 

1533 AU STIN H IG H W A Y 
824-6327 

9o2 S W MILITARY ORIVE 
924-4268 

SAVE 
1o% TO 

OFF 

ON SELECTED GROUPS 

OF MERCHANDISE 

Karotkin's offers 

 you delivery and 
I set-up at no 

 additional 

 charge w ith in 

 delivery prea 

USE KAROTKIN'S 

O W N CREDIT PIA N 

MASTER CHARGE 

OR 

BANKAMERICARD 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 I 9 7 7 

 a ro tk iris LAST CHANCE TO SAVE IN m a k e s e v e ry h o u s e a lit t le m o te lik e h o m e 

Chairs 
CLASSIFIED 
DIRECTORY 

Living Room IO 
Chairs ......... 11 
Dining Room 12 
Bedroom .... 13 
Tab les 
14 
TV and Stereo 
..................... 15 
Bookcases and 
Etageres 
16 
Desks ........... 17 
Rugs ............ 18 
Appliances . 19 
Sleepers and 
Bedding ..... 2o 
Miscel!aneous21 

Bedroom 
Appliances 
19 
Chairs 
Tables 

R E M A I N I N G STOCK!!! 
Perfection occasional chairs in velvet. Plush, com forta­ ble, and luxurious, all w ith kiln dried frames and 8-way hand-tied springs covered in fine quality velvets. Reversi­ ble seat cushions and kick pleat skirts. At all 4 stores. 
Reg $199.95 to $229 95 ............ $99.88 

Henredon Rural French style square commode from the 4 
Centuries collection. Rich, dark distressed finish, ample storage space behind door in base. Only 1, floor sample at North Star. 
Reg. $556 ........... $278.88 

SOLID HARDWOOD MAPLE 
FIN IS H T ra d itio n a l sew mg rockers. Fine traditional s ty lin g m a k e s th e s e a 
STANDOUT in any home. 
Choose from assorted fab­ rics on the seats. Ideal for bedroom, den, or the new mother. ONLY 2.4 at all of 
Karotkin’s 4 stores. 
Reg. $49.95 .......... $29.88 

J JOKI Special Group 3 o I V 

I C lyde Pearson T ra d i- I 
I tional wing back chairs J 
I with reversible foam T J 
I cushion in p rin ts and 3 
1 w o v e n J a c q u a r d s . 3 
S om e q u ilte d , VERY 3 j LIMITED QUANTITIES. 
9 
I Broadway, North Star, 3 
I and D owntown stores. 
■ 

I ^ e 9 - j 
$368 5o .........$ 1 9 9 .8 8 I jj 

NOSTALGIC 
KEEPSAKES! 
From our nostalgic Keep­ sakes collection we are of­ fering a Chifferobe that was a floor sample, at a savings of $2oo.o7 to you. 1 only at our Downtown store, in the basement. 
Reg. $599.95 .... $399.88 

L O O K ! L O O K ! L O O K ! 
LOOK! ENERGY S A V IN G 
COLOR TV by M agnavox w ith automatic fine tuning. 
19” diagonal features new fa il-s a fe , e n e rg y s a vin g , 
1oo% solid state circuitry, automatic color leveling, and 
BIG 5 ” oval speaker. The cabinet is of a high-impact plastic and is finished in a walnut color. SAVE! SAVE! 
SAVE! ... at all of our fine stores. 
Reg. $449.95 .... $399.88 

EXOTIC!!! Yes, exotic is th e w o rd fo r th is bamboo styled sofa ta­ ble by A m e ric a n o f 
Martinsville ... a perfect expression of your indi­ viduality and taste. The table has a glass top and is finished in a rich d istre sse d fru itw o o d . 
W e only have 3 left at a savings of $13o.o7 e a ch. A t B ro a d w a y , 
North Star, and Down­ to w n K a ro tk in 's fin e stores. 
Reg. $329.95 
....................... $199.88 

Fam ous M aytag dryer in 
Harvest tone. MAYTAG ... synonym o us w ith q u a lity and dep e n d a b ility. M odel 
HD6o6. Only 1 left at Big M 
City. SAVE $1oo.o7!! Reg. 
$399 95 ............... $299 88 

STORAGE! SOLID OAK cushioned monks bench w ith STORAGE in base; b a ck flip s d o w n to make a game table. An ideal dual purpose unit for the small home. At all of K a ro tk in 's fine stores. Reg. $ 3 3 9 .9 5 
$249.88 

Dixie A p artm en t range in w h ite . A REAL S P A C E ­ 
SAVER w ith th e rm o s ta t controlled oven. At K arot­ kin's D owntown and Big M 
City stores. Reg. $299.95 
$1.99.88 

Dining Room 
12 
4 o q q g o o o c o c o a i n 
9 Q_f 
3 
OPEN S T O C K I ^ eJChoose from over 2o% 
*io p e n stock pieces a t'" 
• 12 5 % o f f ! Y O U T H ? 
J GROUP by Stanley is j» 
• French Provincial style ® 
« [in a s o ft green w ith • 
“ w h ite n o -m a r to p s , o 
•[Y o u r children will take ■* tw rn 
» ’g re a t p rid e in th e ir » g ro o m s w ith this serv- Jj 
• [iceable, splendid group. * 
“ 
O n ly a t K a r o t k i n 's * 
•[B ro a d w a y and D o w n -J 
D to w n stores. 
E dvrrmrrnrrirvinrm 
T ra n s itio n a l s ty le d 4 -p c . bedroom suite in a warm , distressed pecan finish. The se t c o n s is ts of a trip le dresser w ith framed upright mirror, door chest, and dec­ orative headboard to fit full or queen size bedding. At all 
4 stores.* 
Reg $539 ........... $399.88 

L O O K ! L O O K ! L O O K ! 
LOOK! Tremendous savings on a large selection of odd h e a d b o a rd s — tw in , fu ll, q u e e n , and k in g size — 
VALUES UP TO $399.95!!! 
A t our D o w n to w n s to re o n ly. PRICED TO SELL!!! 
Decorate for Spring. 
............... $9.95 to $89.88 

SAVE UP TO 7o% on odd dining room chairs, many one of a-kind from a large selection of styles and fin­ ishes TO BE SOLD AS IS at our D ow ntow n store only. 
Must see to appreciate. 

Bookcase and 
Etageres 
16 

STUNNING is the word for 
Chromecraft bookcase eta­ gere!! The base is of no-mar 
Formica w ith 2 shelves. The top has 3 shelves for dis­ play of plants, curios, and books. The side posts are g le a m in g m irro r chrom e. 
HURRY! HURRY! HURRY! 
Only 1 left at North Star! 
Reg. $ 2 1 9 .9 5 ....... $99.88 

DRAMATIC Hibriten decora­ tor bookcase w ith drop leaf storage, 3 adjustable glass shelves, and lighted interior. 
A n tiq u e w h ite fin ish , silk screen designs. ONLY AT 
N O R T H 
ST A R . 
R e g . 
$399.95 ............... $269.88 

S T RETCH Y O U R FO O D 
BUDGET w ith a G E. 12 cu. ft. u p rig h t freezer . . . so convenient for you to store up to 4 2 o lbs. of frozen food ... and so convenient to reach!!! Save $3o.o7 and 
HURRY! W e only have 2 left at D ow ntow n and Big 
M C it y s t o r e s . R e g . 
$3o9.95 ............. $279.88 

D e corative accent tables w ith simulated marble tops on pedestal base. Ideal for chairside use or in pairs in f r o n t o f a s o fa fo r a 
STRIKING effect! At all four stores. 
Reg. $29.95 .......... $ 16.88 

Give HIM a solid oak mus­ tache stand w ith cheval m ir­ ror from our nostalgic Keep­ sakes collection ... or use to complement your decor. At all 4 locations. 
Reg. $ 1 4 9 .95 ....... $ 9 9 .8 8 

Large Selection O f Decora­ tor Table Lamps In A Style 
A nd Size For A ny Decor 
Starting A t Prices As lo w 
As $29.88 At All Of Karot­ kin's Fine Stores. 

Storage C hifferobe in Colo­ nial design ... 2 doors con ceal room y hanging com partment ... 2 drawers be­ lo w and open b o o kca se above ... Broadway, D own­ town, and Big M City. 
Reg. $19 9 .9 5 .... $ 1 4 9 .88 

S p ira lin g w r o u g h t iro n p la n t s ta n d /flo o r lam p. A 
UNIQUE dual purpose lamp for living room or den fin­ ished in o ff-w h ite w ith a burlap pleated shade plus 3- way lighting for a striking effect and comfortable read- ing. Reg. $1 4 9 .95 
$79.88 

LOOK! LOOK! LOOK! This is a special purchase of ov­ ercuts direct from the fac­ to ry to yo u in a HUGE selection of QUILTED bed­ spreads. At all 4 stores. Full size; 
Reg. $69 95 .......... $38.88 
Queen size: 
Reg. $79.95 .......... $48.88 
King size: 
Reg. $ 8 9 .9 5 .......... $ 58.88 

N a va jo p rin t floor p illo w set features a big base p il­ low, 2 back pillows, and 2 toss pillow s in rust, gold, and brow n Haitian cotton. 
Available at all of Karotkin's stores. 
Reg $149.95 ....... $89.88 

Oh! so dignified ... M odern v e rtic a l w a ll u n its w ith newest burl finish ... closed storage in the base, lighted in te rio rs a c c e n te d w ith s m o k e g la s s d o o rs and gleaming brass trim. Broad­ w a y, N o rth S ta r, D o w n ­ tow n, and, of course. Big M 
City. Reg. $169.95 and 
$189.95 ................. $99.88 

 b PRICE! 
HALF-PRICE Man-size Bean­ bags in an array of colors covered in a washable vin yl 
B ro a d w a y , N o rth S ta r. 
Downtown, and Big M City. 
Reg. $29.95 .......... $14.88 

IM P O R T E D R O S E W O O D 
COMMODE features INLAY 
ON ALL 3 DRAWERS w ith gracefully shaped top and front. 3 only at K a ro tkti's 
Broadway and N orth Star stores. Reg. $5.99.95 
$799.88 
G le a m in g b ra s s a n d smoke glass Etageres w ith burl butcher block no-m ar trim . Ideal to display your valued c u rio s or b o o ks. 
Broadway, North Star, and 
Downtown, 
Reg. $129.95 ...... $99 88 

From o u r NEW C h ro m e an d Glass shop ... located in Broadway and North Star 
Store ... choose the piece or pieces you need to com­ plement your decor w ith a 
1o% discount. 

Pecan and cane etagere w ith a distressed fruitwood finish. 1 only at Big M City. 
HURRY, HURRY, HURRY. 
Reg. $159 95 ....... $89.88 

R o m a n tic d e c o ra tiv e h o s te s s s e rvin g c a rt 
I M P O R T E D F R O M 
ITALY features an IN ­ 
L A I D n o - m a r to p , 
GOLD finish gallery rail and handle, 13" wheels for easy m obility plus b o tt le s to r a g e /tr a y space on bottom . At all o f K a r o t k in 's fin e stores. w hile they last $69.88 

Room 
1o 
Brown Tweed CHAIR BED!! 
This armless chair folds out to make a single bed. An ideal dual purpose unit. Only 
2 at our D ow ntow n store are left, so HURRY and get yours today. 
Reg. $79.95 .......... $59.88 

H a n d s o m e I M P O R T E D 
B e n tw o o d ro c k e r. H and woven reinforced cone, wal nut finish frame. Ideal for any room in your home. At all 4 stores. 
Reg $139 95 

D i r e c t i o n a l m o d e r n 
LOUNGE CHAIR and O T­ 
T O M A N in a saddle tan glove soft vinyl on a mirror chrome base. The right con­ tour for p e rfe ct c o m fo rt! 
A nd so sm art! Broadway, 
North Star, and D owntown stores. 
Reg $4o9 9o ... 
$299 88 
< > * * ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ * ♦ * 
;; 
VICTORIAN 
J 
J V ic to ria n o c c a s io n a l T 
► chairs in beautiful qual- 6 
I tty velvet covers SOLID X 
► 
M A HO G A NY 
J 
► 
FRAMES, land carved a 
\ rose d e sig n on to p . I 
) Choose either the Mr. ♦ 
► or M rs. s ty le in as- * 
| sorted colors at all of J 
► Karotkin's fine stores to ♦ 
I complement your int©- X 
• nor decor' Reg. 
* 
► $259 95 ........ $229 88 ♦ 

E le g a n t VELVET a c c e n t c h a irs . Three s ty le s and th re e c o lo rs ; s m a ll, b u t comfortable in a style to fit any decor. Available at all 4 stores. 
Reg^$ 139 95 ....... $99.88 

SAVE $4o o7 on this Vic­ torian style high back ARM 
ROCKER* Regal V ictoria n elegance is displayed in this stately rocker of solid hard woods w ith a rich mahog any fin is h , and ta p e s try upholstered seat and bi. ;k. 
B e a u tifu lly tu rn e d arm s gracefully enhance this heir­ loom of to m o rro w ... for use today* At all of Karot­ k in 's fin e s to re s . 
Reg. $129 95 
$ 89.88 

S tu rd y SO LID W A L N U T fo ld in g rocker w ith cane seat, back 
Both seat and back are covered in con­ trasting cane for fashionable effect. A real com fortable space saver 
All 4 stores. 
Reg $69 95 .......... $49.88 

H EN RED O N a n d CLYDE 
PEARSON bring you a large s e le c tio n o f fin e q u a lity upholstered furniture such as sofas, loveseats, and c h a ir s . A L L M A R K E D 
D O W N 2 o % !! K a ro tkin 's 
Broadway and N orth Star stores only. 

3 -p ie c e C o lo n ia l liv in g room su ite consists of a so fa , lo ve se at and club chair covered in a DURABLE 
Herculon green plaid. Wing back style, flair arm, rever­ sible cushio ns, and fu lly s k irte d base. B ro a d w ay, 
Downtown, and Big M City stores. 
Reg. $ 5 9 9 .9 5 ^ ^ $489 88 

LOOK! LOOK! LOOK! SAVE 
2 o % on the selection of 
YOUR CHOICE fro m our 
LEATHER SHOP in sofas, chairs, and ottomans at our 
Broadway and N orth Star stores. At this discernible discount, supplies won t last long*! 

Vi OFF! A very sturdy beautiful square lamp table in Oak grain finish w ith m e ta l a c c e n ts . 
Must see to appreciate! 
W e h a ve 11 in our 
D o w n to w n s t o r e 's basement. 
Reg. $79.95 
$39.88 

"C entury” C ountry French 
... characterized by dignified richness and grace ... mas­ ter dining room suite in 
SOLID MAPLE!! Th. s com ­ pelling suite consists of a large extension table, 4 cane back chairs w ith gold velvet seats, a large b re a k fro n t china w ith BEVELED GLASS doors, and a beautiful side board 
I S uite O N LY at 
Karotkin's Broadway store. 
Reg. $3189 ............ $2499 

INTRIGUING 3-piece bam­ boo n e stin g group, hand wrapped w ith burned effect fo r a d d e d in te re s t. Use them stacked as a set or individually. All stores. 
Reg. $99 95 .......... $ 59.88 

Sleepers and 
Bedding 
2o 
Distinctive bookcase e ta ­ geres from HENREDON'S 
"A rtefacts'. Off-white iron­ stone finish w ith five 3 /8 ” a d ju s ta b le p la te g la s s shelves. Available only at 
N orth Star. MUST SEE!! 
§Reg. 
$535 ...................... $289.88 

STEARNS & FOSTER IN ­ 
NERSPRING SLEEPERS ... ch oose fro m T ra d itio n a l, 
Contemporary, Early Ameb­ ean, and sectional sleepers 
[in queen, full, and loveseat sizes!!! A t all 4 store s. 
1 ______$299.88 to $789.88 

F a m o u s N IG H T RACER 
YOUTH BED complete w ith foam m a ttre s s . The kids adore them and we have a fe w le ft in s to ck at our 
D o w n to w n s to re O N LY . 
These are PRICED TO SELL!! 
Reg. $199.9 5 ....... $99.88 

HENREDON! 
Henredon sofa table from th e " A R T E F A C T S ' ' c o lle c tio n . Iro n sto n e o ff- w hite finish w ith inset tem ­ pered glass on the top sur­ face. Only at North Star. 
Reg. $378 ........... $199.88 

REDUCED UP TO 5o% ... 
2o% to 5o% OFF on occa­ sional tables from the finest q u a lity m akers, such as: 
Lane, Bassett, Gordon, Hen­ re d o n , and R ow e. M any styles and finishes, INCLUD­ 
ING CHROME and GLASS. 
A t all of K a ro tk in 's fin e stores. 

SPANISH! b ta n le y ts ta d a 9 -p ie c e 
Spanish styled dining room suite. Sum ptuous’round ex­ tension pedestal table, high back cane chairs w ith velvet seats, lighted china, and a server w ith marble top. 1 s u ite o n ly at K a ro tk in 's 
Broadway store. 
Reg. $238o ...... $1499.88 

£ Save $299.12 on this X 
52” wide Decorator 3- v draw er single dresser X 
’•!; fin is h e d in a n tiq u e >j: 
£ white w ith yellow trim x* 
X ... indulge your fantasy ;X fo r s p rin g . . . at o u r# 
North Star store. 
Iv 
# Reg. $599 ... $299.88 X 

BREATHTAKING I Massive J 
F r e n c h B a r o q u e s t y l e 
Bombe design 6-pc. Master 
Bedroom suite w ith a 78" ta ll a rm o ire , large trip le dresser w ith tw in upright framed mirrors, and a gran­ deur king size headboard fin ish e d in antique w hite w ith yellow trim is a com­ pelling set tor your discrimi­ nating bedroom decor . . . 
D ow ntow n. Broadway, Big 
M City. 
Reg $1359 ........ $ 9 9 9 .8 8 

SAVE $149 97 on S p a n ish style 4 pc. bedroom suite. 
Beautify your bedroom with th is e xce p tio n a l su ite by 
B u rlin gton House. E xperi­ e n c e t h e w a r m e a r t h brow ns of prestigious Oak 
S olids and veneers w ith em b osse d w o o d d esigns inviting to the touch. This suite includes a 9-draw er trip le dresser, m irro r. 5- draw er chest and fu ll or q u e e n si ze h e a d b o a rd . 
D ow ntow n. Broadway, Big 
M City 
Reg $749 .85 .... $599.88 
I LARGE SELECTION OF | 
• OPEN STOCK P IEC ES! 
■ BY "D IL LIN G H A M 
J 
| Oil walnut, C ontem po-1 
I rary design bedroom ■ and dining room pieces ! 
| to choose from at our | 
■ Broadway, North S ta r.fl 
I and D ow ntow n stores. 5 
I S AV E ! ! 3 5 % O F F !! I 
I Must see to appreciate. I 

U pright bookcase, modern s ty lin g , w a ln u t fin is h , 5 shelves, 2 a d ju s ta b le ... deep e n o u g h fo r s te re o equipm ent or portable TV. 
Perfect to use in multiples for com plete wall of stor­ age*! At all of Karotkin's fine stores. Reg. $89.95 $69.83 

Rural English sofa has a 
HEAVY, SOLID OAK 
FRAME accented w ith ca n e . The seat and back cushions are re­ versible and covered in a q u a lity linen p rin t, hand q u ilte d on one sid e . . . so ty p ic a lly 
English!* ONLY 2 left at 
K a ro tk in s B ro a d w a y and D ow ntow n stores. 
Reg. $549.95 $ 3 99.88 

SAVE $3o.o7!* Modern 
5-pc. Dinette-Game set is so roomy and versa­ tile w ith a leaf which extends the 36” square table top to 48” when needed, and 4 chairs t h a t S W IV E L . . . on m etal bases* Choose from EITHER strik in g antique white table top w ith yellow vinyl chairs, or sim ulated "b utch er blo ck” table top w ith tan chairs A conversa­ tio n piece in ITSELF!! 
You ll find these charm­ ing sets at all of our f i n e s t o r e s . R e g . 
$229 95 ....... $199 88 

S 
Save over $ 1oo.o o on k 
SLEEPER a n d LOVE S 
S SEAT. It s lots of seat- ^ 
5 mg plus room to sleep ^ 
2 your overnight guests. S 
3 Easy-clean, durable rust ^ 
J H erculon cover. M u s t^ 
J see to a p p r e c i a t e ! ^ j Available at K arotkin's ^ 
3 Broadway, D ow ntow n, S 
J and Big M City stores. S 
2 Reg. $ 499.95 $398.88 ^ 

Full size sleeper in easy-care vinyl w ith button tufting and reversible cushions tor dura­ bility. In black, it is ideal for the den. Broadway, Down­ town, and Big M City. 
Reg. $219 ........... $179.88 

M i s - m a t c h e d N A M E 
BRAND bedding REDUCED 
5o% OR MORE!!! Available in tw in , fu ll. Queen, and 
King sizes. To be sold on 
"as is" basis at our Down­ tow n store. HURRY while supplies last at these greatly reduced prices. 

SEALY Silken Sleep b ed ­ d i n g : a ll s i z es at B IG 
REDUCTIONS at all stores* 
SAVE $3o.oo on a tw in size m a ttre ss or box spring*** 
Priced to sell. 
Reg $99 95 ........... $69 88 

SAVE $ 2 o o .o 7 on th is beautiful traditional desk by S l i g h . B l a c k i n l a i d 
LEATHER top w ith GOLD tooling, 8 easy gliding draw­ ers— I double deep for fil­ in g — room divider design w ith finished back and built­ in bookcase shelves. Su­ perbly inspired. Only I at 
North Star. 
Reg. $899 95 
$699 88 

7 o % R ED U C TIO N of 5o odd living room tables ... select from many styles and fin is h e s in c lu d in g French 
Provincial, Modern. Contem­ porary, and Traditional ... at our D owntown store only. 

4 pc. Sling style transitional living room group consists of sofa, loveseat, chair, and ottoman. The frame of each p ie c e is m a de o f s o lid 
R O U G H S A WN pine and I upholstered in a beautiful patch design print Broad w a y , D o w n t o w n , N o r t h 
Star. 
Reg $999 ........... $799 88 

Famous HICKORY TAVERN traditional 3 pc living room suite features the sofa in a soft tan accented w ith beige and blue 2 chairs in a har­ m onizing. sim ila rly toned pattern complete this mag- nificient 3 pc. set For serv iceable durability the seat and back cushions are re ve rs ib le ; bases are fu lly skirted. North Star, D ow n­ tow n and Broadway 
Reg $1o69 ........ $779 88 
Special G r o w n 
C lyd e Pearson C U S T O M 
MADE SOFAS in VELVETS, 
Q U I L T E D P R I N T S , and 
ELABORATE JACQUARDS in skirted traditional styling. 
Broadway, North Star, and 
D o w n t o w n s to re s 
Reg. 
$8 8 o .oo ............... $49 9.88 

T h a y e r C o g g i e UL T R A 
M O D E R N SOFA In Fine 
Quality Geometric Print Vel­ v e t. R eversible C ushions 
And Stunning Chrome Atm 
Trim. Must See To Appre­ ciate. Broadway and North 

Mediterranean style console stereo by MAGNAVOX fea­ tures FM /A M stereo radio, 
8-track tape player and au­ to m a tic re co rd player in pecan finish cabinet. GREAT 
SOUNDS ... os only M oq- n a v o x can b rin g yo u !! 
98o3 Broadway. 
Reg $549.95 .... $449.88 

VALUES TO $169 951! We have 4 odd corner desks from open stock bedroom su ite s in our D o w n to w r s t o r e s ' b a s e m e n t , sc 
HURRY WHILE YOU HAVE 
T IM E TO C H O O S E THE 
S T Y L E Y O U W A N T ! ! ! 
YOUR CHOICE $49.88 

HURRY! HURRY! HURRY! 
AT THIS FABULOUS SAV­ 
INGS A FRENCH PROVIN­ 
CIAL STYLE DINING ROOM 
TABLE A N D 4 C H A I R S 
W O N T LAST LONG!!! Floor sample at Karotkin's Down­ to w n sto re, in the base­ ment. SAVE $33o.o2 
Reg $549 9o .... $219.88 

STEREO! 
S A V E $ 1 4 5 . 1 2 on 
M a g n a v o x ' s f i n e s t stereo system . T radi­ tional styling in pecan finish . . . the FINEST money can buy ... only at K a r o t k i n ’ s B ig M 
City. 
Reg. $995 
....................... $849.88 

N E W S H I P M E N T .JU S T 
ARRIVED AT ALL STORES!!! 
R OOM SIZE rug rem nants at T R E M E N D O U S S AV 
INGS* 9x12, reg. $89 95 
.................................. $69.88 
12x12, 
Reg $129 95 ....... $89 88 

American of Martinsville o f f e r s th e ir ro ll to p server to you at a sav­ in g s o f $ 1 7 o . o 7 to serve your guests in d ra m a tic s ty le . C on­ structed in Oak w ith a pecan finish, it has a b l a c k m a r - r e s i s t a n t serving surface, is roo­ m y , a n d f e a t u r e s a 
L O C K I N G s t o r a g e base. At B r o a d w a y , 
N orth Star,and D own­ tow n stores only. R«g 
$549 95 ........ $379 88 

High back RANCH ROCKER in s o lid pine , th ic k con t o u r e d seat, w id e s p la t b a c k , H E A V Y W E L L - 
BRACED ARMS w ith turned p o sts. A vailable at all of 
Karotkin's fine stores. 
Reg $149 95 ....... $89.88 

Mediterranean Color Theater by M a g n a v o x . I t ' s s o lid state w ith A M /F M radio, record player, and TV— tor your w o rld of visual and acoustical pleasure*!! Avail­ able at B roadw ay, N orth 
Star, Downtown, and Big M 
City stores. 
Reg. $995 ...... 
$895 88 

 r W W W W W W W W 
$ 25% O FF on as-) 
[[sorted Area Rugs! « 
«|Your choice of styles,) 
[•co lo rs, and designs.' 
• [ W e h a v e a w i d e i 
'[s e le ctio n in bold In-J 
J»dian m o t i f s , s m a r t ' 
'[contem porary designs, 
«Jand Orientals. Sizes:) 
J » 3 ' x 5 ‘ . 4 x 6 ' , a n d ' j [ 6 x 9 \ At all of Karot-1 
'•k in s fine stores. 
J 

LIMITED QUANTITIES AT 
T H I S 
P R I C E 
. 
. 
. 
Contemporary wrought iron indoor-outdoor plant stand in a g le a m in g w e t look w hite finish ... show your plants off!* Available at all of 
Karotkin’s stores. 
Reg. $29.9$ ....... 
$ 1 9 .88 

So perf ect for M ' L a d y s bedroom ... elegantly gra­ cious lingerie chest w ith lift top vanity, 6 drawers, mir rot. and compartmented top finished in white and gold. 
W e o n ly have 2 at our 
Broadway and Big M City locations. 
Reg $129 95 ....... $88 88 

HEYWOOD- 
WAKEFIELD 
A large selection of Hey- wood-W akefield, solid rock m a p l e b e d r o o m , d in in g room, and occasional pieces at our Broadway and Down­ tow n stores. 
SAVE!! 2o% OFF!! 

T r a d i t i o n a l C H A I S E 
L O U N G E S c o m e f u l l y skirted covered in luxurious velvets. C arried at all of 
Karotkin's fine stores Reg, 
$149.95 .................. $89 88 
INCLUDED AT N O ADDI­ 
TIO NAL COST is a 2-pc. 
C o rn in g Wa r e cook set, m atching ’ Spice of L ife ” design on 5-pc Chromecraft d in e tte set 
ONLY 6 TO 
SELL!!! B roadw ay, D own t o w n , and Bi g M Ci t y . 
H UR RY w h ile q u an titie s. last!!! 
Reg $ 29 9 .9 5 .... $199.88 

French Provincial style occa sional chairs in rich velvet w ith reversible foam cush­ ions 
SOLID W O O D A C ­ 
CENTS in fruitw ood finish. 
Broadway, North Star, and 
Dow ntow n stores. 
Reg $349 95 .... $199.88 

Enchanting 98 upholstered leg sofa by HOWARD PAR­ 
LOR complements your liv­ ing room w ith this nostalgic c o n t e m p o r a r y 
Gat sby sofa in a stunning, woven flo ra l m o tif in so ft pastel 
Spring colors. Available at 
Broadway, North Star s to re s o n ly. 
Reg. $9 4 9.95 .... $779 88 
All items subject to prior sale. 

3 x5' oval braid rugs in a 
Harvest color. MUST SEE 
TO APPRECIATE w hile 12 last at Kar ot ki n' s Big M 
City................................ $4.88 

All items on this 

 page subject to 

 prior sale. 

Broadway 
98o3 Broadway 
( 
824-94o2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thors., Fn. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed. Sat. 

Big M City 
S. New Braunfels & 
E. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon.. Thus., Fri. 

Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

North Stor 
San Pedro Si Loop 4 IO 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon, Thus , Fn. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed.. Sat 

Downtown 
231 E. Commerce 
227-6361 
Open 9-5 3o Mon. thru Sat. except Thus. Nite till 8:3o arotkin’s 

Delivery and set-up at no extra charge within delivery area 
Our O w n Convenient Credit plus 
Master C harge' and BankAmericard 

M A YO R COCKRELL speaks a t YW CA dedication cerem onies 

STAFF P H O TO BY PAT HAM ILTO N 
Las Palmas Y opens 

By MARK 
VILLANUEVA 

The new Las Palm as 
YW CA center will he a facility where society's spiritual values will he upheld, 
M aver 
L ila 
Cockrell said Saturday at the center’s dedication ceremonies. 
The $1 m illio n W est 
Side center was formally opened before an au­ dience of about 'JOO per­ sons, including State Sen. 
Frank Lombardino. City 
Councilmen Henry C is­ neros and Al bolide, and the Rev. Fdm undo Ro­ driguez. 
Mrs. Lu/ Tame/, sister of U .S. Rep. Henry B. 
Gonzalez, represented the congressman at the ceremonies. 
Gonzalez 
She said Gonzalez’ bout with a flu virus prevent­ ed the congressman from attending the dedication. 
M ayor C ockrell said the center will "serve the needs of the young and older persons and will be a place where spiritual values can be upheld." 

Mrs. Tam e/ told the audience Gonzalez was 
“ especially disappoint­ ed" he could not attend the ceremonies. 
She pointed out the 
West Side has access to decent w ater, public health programs and fa­ cilities such as the Las 
Palmas YW CA center. 

"W e have a very long way to go," Mrs Tame/. said "Bu t we have come a long way, too." 
In behalf of Gonzalez, she presented a U.S. flag to the facility. 
An open house and luncheon followed the dedication ceremonies. 
The center will serve 

 males and females but will emphasize activities of young women and girls. 
A gymnasium, indoor sw im m ing pool, cla ss ­ room kitchen, an arts and crafts area, game room and a fine arts area are housed in the struc­ ture. 

Basketball and volley­ ball courts a softball field and tennis courts have been constructed adjacent to the building. 
The Las Palm as Y W ­ 
CA. located at 511o 
Cas­ troville Road, was built by the City of San Anton­ io on land donated by Las 
Palmas, Inc, 

FUT MIGNON 
---- $2.99 

Reg. 3 .4 9 

Ours is worthy of its name. 

It s the king o f Hteak*. A generous* H oz. cut o f luscious filet m ignon wrapped in bacon. Plus potato and S izzler toast. M I at a bargain price, 5 on won t believe bow good it is u n til von vt- tried it. 

• 462o Broadway 
• 14o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
• Broadway at loop 41o 

• Hwy. 9o at Military Dr. 
• Vance Jackson at loop 41o 
SUN.-THURS. 11 A M. 9 P M 

& r n 
IMM* 
LAST DAY TO SAVE 1o% - 4o% 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 
Page I -C 
State school funds asked 

It is the state’s respon­ sibility to see children in poor districts get quality education. Jackie Cox of the Intercultural Deve­ lopment Research Assn. said Saturday. 
“ But the state says if the local school district won’t do anything to raise its share of the money, it won’t send it any state funds,” Miss 
Cox said. 
Miss Cox held a dis­ 

 cussion on school fin ­ ances at thi' American 
Federation of Teachers 
Convention at St M ary’s 
University. 
"W ho is the victim ? 
The student." she said. 
"The state must do so­ m ething if the local school district cannot raise enough money." 
M iss 
Cox said 
Edgewood School D is­ trict residents have a higher tax rate than Ala­ 

 mo Heights School Dis­ trict residents, but have less in pupil expendi­ tures. 
"A nd equalization is not in sight All bills be­ fore the Texas Legisla­ ture have upward sloping curves." she said "They w ill provide more money for children in rich dis­ tricts. 
"The more monov put in equalization programs, the better.” 

 she said. 
Debbie 
( a r t w right, 
Texas Speaker of the 
House Bill Clayton’s as­ sistant, said sin' was op­ timistic the House will put "quite a bit of money in equalization pro­ grams." 
"There will be some property tax re lie f.” 
Miss C artw right said. 
"But not enough to make any difference this time around." 

Steel firm pays 

Em ployes of a local steel firm began receiv­ ing $7o.(Kit» iii hack pay a union spokesman said 
Saturday. 
Mosher Steel Co.. B47 
V WAV. White Road, is­ sued checks in that amount to 7H San Antonio em ployes and sent 
SHO,(MKI to 2o other em­ ployes throughout the state in compliance with a ruling by the National 
Labor Relations Board last year. 
The back pay was is­ sued to the employes, all members of the United 
Steelworkers of America. who were denied job reinstatement follow mg a strike in 1o75. accord­ ing to ('. L. Wimberley, 
USW representative. 
The 
N L R B order further directed Moulter not to discourage mein- 
I Reship in unions and to return to the bargaining table with the USW with the intention of reaching i an agreement. Wintber*! ley said. 
M em bers of the, 
Musher union group met 
Saturday to develop bar-! gaining strategies. 

 will be installed 

D r. Ed B. A very of 
Pearsall will be installed as president of the Texas 
V eterin ary 
M edical 
Assn. at the organize* turn's annual convention 
Monday in New Orleans. 
'The Texas association is holding a joint meeting with the Louisiana Ve­ terinary Medical Assn. for the first time. 
Dr. Avery, a general practitioner, was elected to succeed Dr. A.K Hop­ kins Jr . of Dallas as head of the 
IftUO-member 
TVMA. He will become the 75th president of the organization. 

Save on such famous names as: • BAKER • BERVEN • BRANDT • DREXEL • HENREDON 
• HERITAGE • HEKMAN • FLAIR • KARASTAN • SHERRILL 
• SIMMONS • SEALY • THOMASVILLE • WEIMAN and others. 

Save 1o - 25% 
ON DINING 
ROOMS 
A 

\ save more 
\ s 

° n 
Wkf selected pieces 

______________________ P 
V 
I 

Save 1o% 
ON DECORATIVE DRAPERY, 
UPHOLSTERY FABRICS AND CARPETING 

Save 1o% AND MORE 
ON ALL SPECIAL ORDERS 
IF WE DON'T HAVE EXACTLY WHAT YOU 
WANT IN STOCK, W E'LL ORDER IT FOR 
YOU AT 1o% OFF. 

NEW 
Cards 
ACCOUNTS INVITED! Installment Plans — Extended Credit — National Credit if \ L J t i 
*i / / 
• . 
. i 
I Diners Club, Carte Blanche, Master Charge, BankAmericard, American Express. 
1 ™ (iecCU ifcH tile (i/W Uf* U n tllu M * /p tVW / 
Ut HC CXfUt CM UjP 

NQ RTHSIDE • R ecto r S t. opposite N. S ta r Mall •Open Mon.& Thurs. til9*Phone 342-9411 

Save 2o% on 

ALL IN STOCK 

LAMPS, 
PICTURES, RUGS, 
ACCESSORIES 

Save 2o% 
AND MORE ON 

UPHOLSTERED 
FURNITURE 
IN STOCK 

Upholstered Furniture r by 
HENREDON 
HERITAGE & FLAIR 

Save 1o-25% on bedrooms 

Save 2o%- 4o% 

ACCENT FURNITURE 

 save 5o% 
ON DISCONTINUED 

■ ''S t ONE-OF-A-KIND PIECES 

ON OCCASIONAL & 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S —Sunday February 27 1977 
Heart unit donations drive on 

Some 6,ooo volunteer workers will cover San Antonio Sunday c o llectin g donations for the 
Heart Fund. 

Heart Sunday is the first phase of the fund-raising campaign of the San An­ tonin Chapter of the American Heart 
Assn. 

: Roberta Dot in, chairman of the door-to-door drive, said, “ Over half of all Americans who die each year, from all causes, die from heart and blood 
-vessel diseases. 

“ In addition to collecting much- needed money for research, education and community service programs, the volunteers pass out information that can save lives.” she said. 

“ In a sense, the volunteers are sav­ ing lives with information made possi­ ble by those who gave in the past,” she said. 

The information handed out by the volunteers deals mainly with recogni­ tion of warning signals of heart attack and stroke, emergency action and in­ formation on the risk factors of heart disease. 

Art show, song fete planned for 
Luckenbach Mud Dauber Day 

19TH CENTURY antiques are am ong those offered for purchase at Continental Shows Ltd.'s Antique Show and 
Sale at the Convention Center 
Antiques show set 

Continental Shows Ltd. will stage its 
Antique Show and Sale Friday, Satur­ day and next Sunday at the Convention 
Center. 
The event, known for the quality of its displays, attracts the participation of antique trades people from across the nation. 
Furniture, cut glass, art glass, pot­ tery, bisque, china, paper goods, dolls, stamps and coins. Indian artifacts and 

 jewelry are some of the items to be displayed. 
Books, prim itives. 
Orientals, bronzes. Wedgewood, silver, pewter and many other collectibles will also be offered for purchase. 
The show is open to the public, tine paid admission covers all three days of the event. Show hours an* I to 9 p.m. 
Friday and Saturday and I to H p.m. 
Sunday. 

SPtClAl TO Tnt tXPRtSS NEWS 
LUCKENBACH - Plans for an art exhibit and a song contest on March 19, when the Mud Daubers Come Back to 
Luckenbach Day, were announced Sa­ turday by Gen. Chairman Ja ck 
Harmon. 
Harmon announced the art exhibit would be a retrospective showing of the works of Picasso Mud Dauber, a 
15o-year-old insect who returns to 
Luckenbach each year. 
Picasso Mud Dauber had difficulty in art school, Harmon explains. 
“ He didn t do delicate sculptures like the rest of the Mud Daubers. His were kind of crude. It was because his dauber was on upside down. But he didn’t give up. He decided to make the best of his affliction. 
“ As a result, he has become the most famous sculptor of all and an example to young and old alike.” 
Billv Carter, who has been invited to become Mayor for a Day, will be pre­ sented with a Picasso Mud Dauber sculpture if he comes. No word has yet been received from him. 
“ We hope that Billy will attend and accept our offer of all the beer he can drink,” Harmon said. 
“ We have had an offer from a truck mechanic in Marshall who said he would be happy to take Billy’s place given the same terms. We also had an unsigned telegram from Washington which said. ‘Understand you have 

 invited Billy. Why not the best?” ’ 
Cathy Morgan, first lady of Lucken­ bach, has issued a proclamation ask­ ing all the town's picker friends to write and perform a song honoring the 
Mud Daubers Return on the 19th. 
“ We won’t have any prize for the winner, but the loser will get a one way ticket to Buffalo, N. Y., good only in 
January,” Mrs. Morgan said. 

Four manufacturers who have a 

 surplus of red, white and blue souven­ irs from the Bicentennial have accept­ ed the offer of free space to sell their leftovers in this Non-Bicentennial City. 
The one requirement is that they donate 19 per cent of their proceeds to the Hondo Crouch “ I told you so” 
Memorial Fund to be used to erect a statue of the late humorist mayor who among other things was the inventor of 
When the Mud Daubers Come Back to 
Luckenbach Daw______________ _ _ _ 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

CORNER of WURZBACH & EVERS 

OPEN 24 HOURS EVERYDAY! 

PRICES GOOD THRU TUESDAY, MARCH IST 

S O B R I N O ’S | v i T i\K\C E 
BHHHOIna 
7243 BLANCO ROAD 
MONDAY thro SATURDAY 8 a m to 9 p rn. 

SUNDAYS 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. 

WE REDEEM FOOD STAMP COUPONS 

PLAZA 
SOOPERS 

11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

CORNER of Naco Perrin 

 and Perrin Beitel 
OPEN 7 a m. to MIDNIGHT EVERYDAY! 

LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 

(JSDA CHOICE 
HI-PRO 

Vi-GAL 

CTN. 

SLICED AMERICAN SINGLES 
KRAFT 
CHEESE 
12-oZ. 
PKG. 88$ 

USDA CHOICE 
RUMP 
ROAST 

LB.88* 

STAR-KIST 
CHUHK 
TURA 
6%-OZ. 
CAN54* 

GOOD VALUE 
PINTO 
BEANS 
2-LB. 

BAGS 

RED RIPE 
MAGIC BAKE 
SANDWICH 
BREAD 

I Vi-LB. 

LOAVES 

Stop supporting your local coin laundry! 
G et a H oover portable w asher! 

Gets clothes clean faster. Can actually be cheaper than washing in coin laundries. Great for apartments, condomini­ ums, cottages, mobile homes. 

Portal*! 
Convenie 
Economica' 
Fast! 

W ashes 
24 pounds in 3o minutes! 

Save *2o 
This w eek only! 

Save $2o off regular purchase price of ffoover portable washer at participating dealers. But hurry! Offer limited! 

Washes a good size load in just 4 minutes. 
Rinses and spins dry in 2 minutes. 
Portable ... rolls to sink, easily hooks to faucet. 
Compact ... only IVA" wide, IVA” high, M W deep. 
Needs no special plumbing or wiring. 
Uses less water and detergent. 
Has matching portable electric dryer. 

Do your laundry in the safety and comfort of your home with the Hoover portable washer . . . on sale now at: 
^Soolco 

Ad Prices Good Feb. 28th 

♦tiro March 2nd. 

 musicland 
( r h e a , A M w Siam Should Bi' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 1977 

 oolc 
We w ant to be your favorite store 

LADIES’ 
PANTS 
$ 

EA. 

 ladies polyester and cotton blends pants. 
A huge selection to choose from at this 
5 * price. Broken sizes 7-18. STYLES MAY VARY! 

LADIES’ 
NOVELTY 

 ll' 

SAM 

W >off* 

16 OZ. REVLON 

SHAMPOO 

TOPS 

 iv 

EA. 

Choose from a wide assortment of ladies Novelty 
Tops, smock, skirts, polos and more Out they go ... into your fashion wardrobe1 At this low low price buy several 
Sires S M I. NOT A ll STYlfS & SIZES 
AVAILABLE 

MTT AM M EL*/ 

TSO H B I [TS 
S GRAINS CACH 

REG. 1.97 

LIMIT 2 

25o CT. 
NORW ICH 
ASPIRIN 

REG. 934 

LIMIT 2 

R U BBERM A ID 
SPRIN G CLEANUP 

• 2o-GAl. GARBAGE CAN ... REG. 9.95.. 

• SKEIE LINER 12oMxl2 ” ... REG. 1.29 ... 

• 12 OT. WASTE BASKET ... REG. 1.49.... 

• ICE CUBE TRAYS PKG/2 ... REG. 1.o9 ... 

• I GT. STACKABLE PITCHER ... REG. 1.79 . 

6 PACK 12 OZ* 
SODA POP 

C 
CHOOSE FROM A LARGE 
SELECTION OF A ll YOUR 

FAVORITES 

M i u c r t q lil 

DUPO SABU 
BOUCH! 

4 PACK 

DISPOSABLE 
MASSE 
DOUCHEI 57 

REG. 1.74 

LIMIT 2 

32 OZ. 
LISTERINE 
ANTISEPTIC 

REG. 1.67 

LIMIT 2 

CORDUROY 
JEANS 
J S O 

European cut, with continental waist. ? front flop pockets 
Machine washable cotton/polyester rn blue, toost, green, rose 79 38 

BED PILLOW 
ASSORTMENT 

REG* 
O 
$ 4 
3.88 . . . A 
FOR 
W 

JUVENILE BED D IN G 

M AG IC K IN G D O M TW IN 
SIZE SHEETS ...REG 5 4 4 .................... 

M AG IC K IN G D O M 
I 
BEDSPREAD ...reg 12 54 .......... ■ 

M AG IC K IN G D O M PILLOW 
CASE.. REG. 2.17..................................... 

MICKEY FRIENDS 
BLANKETS , reg 8 97 ...................... 

LITTLE FOLKS TW IN 
I 
BEDSPREAD ...r e g. 19.97.......... 
■ 

LITTLE FOLKS FULL 
I 
BEDSPREAD... reg. 21.97.......... 

BLACK A DECKER 
CIRCULAR SA W 

6 6 

REG. 19.95 

^ 
I HP burnout protected motor, and 
7'/*" blode to handle big cutting jobs with ease. # 73o1. 

BO Y’S A 
GIRLS’ 2 o ” 
BICYCLE 

4 1 88 

Hi rise handelbars, coaster brakes, banana seat, reflectors. 

PLAYING CARD 
ASSORTMENT 

FOR 
■ 

 foe hours of pleasure indoors or out Hurry rn now ond save. 

G A S POW ERED 
PLANES 

8 
8 8 

UCG. IO 14.97 

For pilots J years & over. 

CHILD’S VELVET 
PICTURES 

8 8 

Adorable anay of colorful pictures for kids. 

BIG WHEEL 
BY M A R X 
88 

REG. 22.97 

Rugged molded construction 
Wide frock, low slung 
Hand brake foe root wheel 

KITE 
ASSORTMENT 

REG. 1.o6 

An assortment of Goto kites |us! in time for the kite 
Hying weather 

 lur 

- I 

^ o 

DELUXE RUBBER 
HORSESHOE SET 
89 

REG. 5.99 

Get 7 red plus 7 green rubber horseshoes ond 7 red 16 outdoor stakes 

ROLLER DERBY 
SHOE SKATES 
44 

REG. 7.99 

With arch steel foot plates, eitra strong boogers ond steel wheels 
Asst SIMS 

NORCON CRASH 
HELMETS 
88 

REG. 15.99 

Rodded for piotertion, with strong thin strop Adult sues S M ­ 
IR L 
- 

AUTOMATIC 
CITRUS JUICER 
88 

REG. 16.97 

Automotic stort/stop Protective 

 pitter bowl cover Push fruit on 

 reamer to stem # 3 6 8 o1. 

MR. COFFEE ll 
COFFEEMAKER 

’( p e r 

MEAT AND 
FOOD GRINDER 
88 

REG. 35.88 

(xtro large winder hopper 
Pusher for uniform leading Cuts moot with out teonng # 9 9 6 o8 

88 

REG. 24.99 

Simplified compact design l l - elusive Ultra Speed brewing ac 

 tw o Stews a cup hi seconds IO cup capacity BP SOO 

PROCTOR-SILEX 

MtOCTOH-SILKX 
S T U M DRY IRON i96 

REG. 11.99 

79 steam vents far tub distiibutien 
Operates with rn without steam #171 IN 

Qster 

“ SIZ Z ’L GRIL” 
SA N D W ICH M A K fa 
88 

REG. 18.97 

(oohs up to VV pound af horn burger moot. No-stack cooking 

 surface, losy deem grid # 7 7 o o1 

«HAMILTON 
BEACH 

Scovill 

HAMILTON BEACH 
FIFTH BURNER 
88 

REG. 13.88 

 losy deaning Multi position hoot 

 control # 8 1 2 

 r n 
Scouill 

HAMILTON BEACH 
HAND M IXER 
88 

REG. 1o.97 

3 Speed portable hood twier ( le c ­ tor beaters lard storage # 8 7 
JLA. 

PRESTO 4 GT* 
PRESSURE COOKER 
88 

REG. 16.97 

Cooks ) to IO times Fester New stem rests tom alloy retains poksh lon^r tonger, will net warp 

A 

PRESTO 6 QT. 
PRESSURE COOKER 
88 

REG. 21.97 

Convenient menu guide handles 
(illusive pressure regulator ond outomotM aw vent mom tom (tr­ ier! pressure automalKolty 
•PCC* 

PROCTOR-SILEX ^ 

PROCTOR-SI LEX 
4-SLICE TOASTER 
88 

REG. 17.97 

Meet terne taler central does the watching far you. Glistening chi ame finish body decorative end portals with white tom 
#11 1 

CAN OPENER 
BY W A R IN G 
88 

REG. 8.79 

(uhrsrve dean opener 
Heavy duty magnet bd and card storage belection an # (o 8 af cai 

W ARIN G 
BLENDER 
88 

REG. 18.88 

7 speeds for od yow needs I cup raper ny Glass cantamar (asy ta clean a 

“TIP-TOE” 
STAINLESS STEEL 
ELECTRIC 
SKILLET 
88 

RIG. 34.97 

 h^rTyt?/"* 

RIVAL 31/2 QT. 
HI-LOW MATIC 
CROCKPOT 
88 

REG. 19.97 
(ha anginal crackpot 
U<r* electra st ane ware leaker with lh 

 la Made automat* shift 
Mutts 

 rn J i xT *** 
'1 

/ ut^n'i r n ie a * i a ""T a V w ""'s c n rsT " \ W O O I C O R l S l t V I S T H I RIG H T TO H M H Q U A N T IT 1 H — 
N O T B IS P Q N S IH I FOR T Y P O G R A P H IC A L IR R Q t S 

I AMK AMI I R Alb MALT (A CMA*C«t VOOOC CO CAHO 
* Convenient Time ■ Payment 
. 
• Convenient Lay Away Plan 

IOO GILL RD. 
HIAR WONDMIAND 
732-2211 

48o3 WEST 
COMMERCE 
434.9481 

527 PAIR 
AVENUE 
533-8166 

2214 S.W. 
MILITARY OR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. A? WAUN* 
653-4461 

SHOP W O O LC O 9 j3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY 

Buy WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEE! 

HHAHWhi M nom* (iL9Lt W M H 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

Ll 

 i a s B « g a B 5 

I 

I 

I 

■ 

 i 

O P C n iH G 

SPECIALS ' 
ASSORTED UMPS.. *5 
DINCH TULES 
*5 
W H I PARSONS 
COCKTAIL........*14 
S ne. DMETTES...*66 
INESSERS....... *44 
MONT STUDS 

\ 

Beau tiful D e co rato r H erculo n 

 return from rental an d re a d y 

 for your hom e 

C H A IRS! 
‘33 f 

C o lo rs G a lo r e in B eau tifu l 
| 

V elvet Pe rfect with a n y decor 

B E D S! B E D S ! B E D S! 

C om p le te Twin Se ts * 3 3 

C om p le te Full Se ts * 4 4 

 firm an d Ex tra firm m attresses 

 with innerspring con 

 stru ttion an d m atching fo u n d atio n 

4742 Dodge St 

656-6o55 f furniture 
I cle a rance centers 

YOU SAVE 
3o% to 7o% 

H O W W E D O IT 
M C D O N A L D S 
IS 
PART of 
"FURNITU RE 
LE A SIN G 
OF 
A M E R IC A ", one of the large st le asin g com panies. 
Beautiful return from rental furniture in 
"n e a rly n e w " condition is sold at b a rga in prices. 

At M cDonalds . .. 
You can save on hundreds of item s for your home. D on 't miss out! You can ta k e it hom e today. 

Twin, Full, Q u a a n size H e a d b o a rd s $5 
A sso rte d t a b le s............................. $1o 

HAVE YOUR BARGAIN TODAY 

5^ MCDONALDS ^ 

 corporation of america xnenca I ersj 

Kea<l Ann Lauder* On Life ami Love in the San Antonio Express 

S a n 

& 

N\av< 

V e b t u a T V a r o v° ' ^ \'v 

, 
A r i & f r ° r’ourlttsv of 
A ' 

 p o i n t e 
‘ 
' 

.A-yV.r '</ 

.Ty 

* •***' 

Jose YlveS'Auara 
Travis Kccsc 

A l b e r t o M e z a 
Joe Peacock fcd Strain 
Bob Hangman 
Hazel Massey 
Arthur McCall 

Rein 
™ 
W L 
- n. 
S 
Cold 
Worm 

Sbowers Stationary Occluded 

 igures show high temperatures or area 

 r n 
Data from 
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE. 
NOAA. US Dept of Commerce 

Kin of writers sought 

1 

SA N 
A N T O N IO 
A N O 
V IC IN IT Y — Foir and cold Sun day. Cool on Monday. Northerly winds from 15 to 2o mph Sunday 
High tem p eratu re tor Sunday near 6o. Low tem perature for 
Sunday near JO. High tempera lure tor Monday near 6o 
Sun rises at 7 o2 and sets af 6. 32. 
Moon is in the firs ! q u arte r 
Moon rises at t : IO p m and sets at I. 16 a m 
Tem peratures So turdav ranged from -18 to 66 de grees 
(N ation al W eath er Ser vice forecast I 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y - 38 per cent as of 7 p rn. Saturday 
P R E C I P IT A T I O N 
- 
Total rainfall for the 24 hour period ending at 6 p rn Saturday, cero; for the month. 91 of an inch, for the y e a r . 
JO I 
In c h e s 
Ac cumulated departure (rom nor mal for the month, minus 1.o3 inches, for the year, plus ,41 of an inch 
NO RTH T EX A S — Mostly fair 
Sunday through Monday 
SO UTH T E X A S — P a ir Sunday through Monday. 
W E S T T E X A S - F a ir anc! w arm er 
In most sections on 
Sunday. 
N A T IO N A L 
— 
S h o w e rs or thunderstorms will ae scattered over the Atlantic Coost states and through the A ppalachians into the Tennessee and Ohio volleys. Snow or enow flurries will occur over the upper Great 
Lakes into Indiana and southern 
Illin o is . T h e re w ill be som e scattered to w id ely scatte red snow in Nebraska. South Dakota and w e s te rn 
N o rth 
O o k o ta westward, with rain showers in w estern O regon and w este rn 
Washington It will be colder over the lower Mis sissippi valle y and central Gulf 
Coast states into Kentucky and 
In d ia n a . Som e w a rm in g w ill occur in the southern Rockies and southern Plateau with only minor chonaes elsewhere 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Lowest, 16 degrees below toro al Alamosa ond Gunnison, Colo. 
Highest, 8J degrees at Ocala, 
FIO. 

M A R I N E 
W IN D S — N o rth e rly w inds 
•rom IS to 2o mph Sunday 
T ID E S — P o rt A ra n sa s for 
M onday: high fides will be at 
I o8 p m and 7 21 p m ; low tides will be at 4:39 a m. ond 
S 16 p rn 
Port Isabel tor Mon day: hign fides will be at 2 o2 p m and 8 2o p rn , low tides will be at S. 28 a ni and 6 OS o.m. 

JA N ANTO N IO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N 
ITTT 
ITT* 
Ay*. 
Rec. 
Ja n . 
1.1o 
I M 
17* 
8 32 
Fab t i 
O U 
M S 
7 SS 
If74 i m 
Ave. 
Rec 
M ar. I 2o 
o.52 
I 67 
4 I* 
Apr 
5 4/ 
2 3* 
2 28 ll 64 
M ay 
$ 8o 
4*1 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jun 
1.41 
4 4o 
2 *5 
IO 44 
Ju ly 
S 3* 
o 44 
I 69 
8 IS 
Aug 
2 o9 
I 22 
2 36 ll 14 
Sept 
3 7* 
o 51 
4 5* 
15 78 
Oct- 
I 48 
2 25 
Nov 
J 46 
o 63 
2 3o 
9 56 
I 37 
6 79 
Dec 
I *5 
I 48 
I 7$ 
6 22 

G R E A T E R SAN 
ANTO N IO 
San Antonio 
48 
66 
OO 
SO UTH T E X A S 
Austin 
$1 
62 
OO 
Brownsville 
67 
78 
oo 
Corpus Christi SS 
71 
OO 
Cotulla 
49 
65 
oo 
Del Rio 
3o 
53 
.o2 
Junction 
37 
55 
OO 
Victoria 
56 
71 
oo 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
37 
46 
OO 
Alpine 
34 
52 
OO 
Am arillo 
29 
41 
16 
El Paso 
25 
5? 
OO 
Fort Worth 
42 
54 
.oo 
Houston 
SJ 
68 
OO 
Lubbock 
31 
44 
.16 
Lufkin 
52 
71 
.o2 
San Angelo 
35 
53 
OO 
Waco 
48 
56 
OO 
SO U T H W EST 
Denver 
16 
3* 
OO 
Honolulu 
71 
86 
o3 
Los Angeles 
45 
7o 
OO 
Las Vegas 
3o 
64 
OO 
Phoenix 
J4 
67 
OO 
Salt Lake City 27 
4? 
OI 
San Diego 
48 
6 7 
OO 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
Kansas City 
3o 
35 
o2 
Louisville 
44 
75 
OI 
Memphis 
52 
77 
.24 
Oklahoma Cliv33 
41 
.1/ 
SI Louis 
32 i i 
98 
Wichita 
34 
45 
OO 
SO U T H EA ST 
Atlanta 
44 
56 
OO 
Birm ingham 
59 
8o 
OO 
Charleston 
52 
71 
OO 
Jacksonville 
4o 
8o 
OO 
New Orleans 66 
83 
OO 
Raleigh 
5o 
84 
OO 
Richmond 
4o 
77 
OO 
I ampa 
55 
SI 
OO 
N O R T H W ES T 
Bism arck 
OI 
3o 
OO 
Boise 
32 
45 
o7 
Casper 
o6 
31 
OO 
Meleno 
27 i i 
o2 
Portland, O re 38 
SI 
2o 
Rabid City 
21 
43 
OO 
Son Francisco 19 
61 
OO 
Seattle 
IO 
SO 
OO 
Spokane 
24 
4 1 o s 
N O R T H C E N T R A L 
Chicago a 
14 
OO 
Detroit 
32 
37 
.16 
Duluth 
I? 
24 
OI 
Indianapolis 
31 
37 
I J< 
M ilwaukee 
25 
JI 
OO 
Minn St. Pout 16 
34 
OO 
Cm oho 
3o 
4o 
OO 
Sit Ste M arie 17 
o3 
N O R T H E A S T 
Boston 
4o 
46 
OO 
Buffalo 
32 
37 
OO 
Cleveland 
2V 
41 
o 
Columbus 
33 
SO 
OO 
New York City 42 
5/ 
OO 
Philadelphia 
32 
6o 
OO 
Pittsburgh 
14 
OO 
Portland. M e 14 
4o 
OO 
Washington 
4o 
7o 
OO 

Texos weather 

Forecast 

City 
Tem aratare 

Sun. 
Mon. 

Am arillo 
3o 6o 
32 58 
Fair. w arm 
Austin 
JO 6o 
2859o 
Fotr cold 
Laredo 
35-5* 
34 6o 
7 air cold 
Corpus Christi 
37 61 
38 63 
Fair cold 
Victoria 
35 6o 
36 63 
Fair cpi a 
D allas Fort Worth 28 
54 
79 
55 f air cold 
M cAllen Br owns vine 
4o 65 
39 66 
Fair 
(OOI 
Houston 
2/55 
29 58 
Fair cold 

F O R E I G N 
Hosed an observations taken 
6 a rn 
Saturday 
San 
Antonio time 
Temperatures are in Fort re w e d I left > and Centigrade I 

Far. 

MEXI CO 

Texas hit by winter again 
O 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Old Man Winter' reminded Texans Saturday that he is still around. 
Temperatures in the northwestern portions of the state dropped into the low 2os and were expected to dip even lower during the night. The rest of the state had generally cloudy skies, some rain and strong winds. 
Early in the day the frost line was near Childress to Lubbock to the southeast corner of New Mexico. 
The cold front was almost out of the state late in the afternoon. Brownsville reported the highest temperature. 71 degrees. 
Early in the morning. Am arillo and Lubbock reported two inches of snow and Dalhart and Chil­ dress reported one inch. 
The Texas Highway Department issued a travel warning for all roads north of Lubbock. It said ice and snow covered most highways and driving con­ ditions were “ very hazardous.’’ 
Winds of up to 4o miles per hour were reported in portions of West Texas and along the Gulf Coast near Brownsville. 
The National Weather Service said the cloud cover over most of the state would clear by Sunday. 

Comptroller Bob Bullock has some letters from confederate soldiers and their fa­ milies that he wants to give to the letter writers' descendants. 

Some of the letter-writers could have San Antonio descendants, according to Leta Baughn, president of the Albert Sidney .Johnston Chapter of the United 
Daughters of the Confederacy 
(UDO. 
The UDO is trying to find descendants of the letter writers. 
“ lf they (descendants) want to pick up the letters instead of letting him throw them away, they can contact him.” Mrs. Baughn said. 

Old letters 

Bullock found some IOO old letters from Confe­ derate pensioners in his office’s warehouse. 
“ These letters now have no value to the state, but they may mean a great deal in sentiment and history to the families.” Bullock said. 
Most of the correspondence was between confe­ derate widows and the state comptroller. 
But. some of the letters were also from the last surviving Confederate soldiers, according to Bul­ lock. 
The letters dealt with confederate pensions. 

S.A. writers 
San Antonio letter writers included Mrs. IV. VV. 
Black, Mrs. Nannie Stone and Mrs. Bessie Palmer. 
The comptroller also has old letters from. Mrs. 
Elizabeth Lusby Kyle of Nixon and from T. F. Har­ well of Kyle. 
Mrs. Baughn said Friday lier organization may ask for the letters that aren't claimed. 
-We feel we should do something about it. I would hate to see those letters thrown away.” 
Y SEMI-ANNUAL famous Makers 
TlamlAppUaim 
SELL'ATHON 

WE H GOT THE MOST POPULAR 
NATIONAL BRAND APPLIANCES 
THAT ARE NOTTO KANSSED 
Because... 
We want to be your favorite 

* 

San A n to n io EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 2 7 19 7 7 

K i t e s to fly in M areh 

Tho Parks and Ho creation 
D e p a rt­ m e n t’s annual K ite 
Tournament, co-spon­ sored with K IT E Ra­ dio. is scheduled for 
March CH at the Polo 
Field in Brackenridge 
Park 
Anyone who can build a kite. B years to 
9fi years old. m ay enter the contest 
Registration for all kites will be accepted from 8:3!) a ni. to lh Oh a m. Judging will be­ gin at lh bi a iii 
F or addition al in- format ion contact the 
Recreation Office at 
95o 
F . 
H ild eb ran d 
Ave. or phone 
828-8111 

State Dairy Queen owners open meet 

Tin' Texas Dairy Queen Trade Assn 
— encompassing the owners of vir- tually all the more than 95o Dairy 
Queen restaurants in Texas — will hold its 1977 convention Sunday through 
Wednesday at the Convention Center. 
The Hilton Palacio Del Rio Hotel is the 1o77 TDQTA conventions’s hotel headquarters. 
The association’s last five conven­ tions were held in Forth Worth, ac­ cording to Ballett M anale, 1978-77 president of TDQTA and owner-opera- tor of Dairy Queens in Benbrook, 
Brownwood (tw o ). Cisco and Co­ manche. 
H ie move of tho annual convention will make it only the second time iii the 
18 year history of the organization that the group has convened for its annual meeting in San Antonio The previous time was iii IHM 

TDQTA is the largest organization of 

U s type in the nation. 
O D ’’Del 
Smalley of Forth Worth. a m em ber of the association’s executive committee and board of d ir­ ectors. is convention chairman. 

Convention manager is Paul (). RUI mgs. president and owner of Paul 
Ridings Public Relations, Inc., of Fort 
Worth and T H Q I'A’s executive secre­ tary. 

“ Help and cooperation from officials of the ll 111 un Palacio Del Rio Hotel; th** 
San Antonio Convention and V isitors 
Bureau and the San Antonio Conven­ tion Center were prune factors in the making of the decision to move the convention from Fort Worth to San 
\ntonio” , said Smalley, who. with 
Ridings, came to the Alamo and Ile- m isFair city last June for tho first planning sessions preparatory to the move 

Fibrosis group to hold Skate-a-thon 

CYSTIC FIBROSIS Poster Child Javier 
G onzales is all smiles preparing for the A ll-C ity Skate-A -Thon 

The Lone Star Chapter of the Cystic 
F’ibrosis Foundation will hold a 12-hour 
All-City Skate-a-Thon starting at 7 p.m. Saturday. 
The Skate-a-Thon is being sponsored by and held at all C’ar-Vel Skatelands in San Antonio. 
Proceeds will be used to support research and educational programs of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, ac­ cording to Mrs. David I L Schoenert, 
Skate-a-Thon Chairman. 
Skaters can participate bv picking up an entry form at any skating rink or by calling 732-o845. 
Skaters skate free by rounding up sponsors before March 5th and bring­ ing th e ir en try form s to the 
Skate-a-Thon. 
According to Mrs. Schoenert, many prizes have been donated by local businesses to be awarded to skaters who collect the greatest amount of pledges. 
Prizes include a portable television, calculators, ro ller skates, savings 

 bonds, a plane ride. and more 
In San Antonio the foundation spon­ sors research at University of Texas 
Medical Center and supports the Cystic 
Fibrosis Center at Santa Rosa Hospi­ tal. 
The most serious of lung diseases, cystic fibrosis causes life threatening lung damage and severe digestive problems. Although there is no cure, cystic fibrosis can be effectively treat­ ed. according to Mrs. Schoenert. 

“ Early diagnosis and treatment of cystic fibrosis and the other children's lung-damaging diseases are very im ­ portant.’’ she said. 
By detecting symptoms, parents can help contribute to tho early recognition of the diseases. 
The signs include: recurrent wheez­ ing. persistent coughing with exces­ sive mucus, recurrent pneumonia, excessive appetite but poor weight gain aiifk clubbing or enlargement of the fingertips. 

Heavy Aged Beef 
3 Lbs. or More, Fresh 
Sirloin Steak 
Ground Beef 

Piggly Wiggly 
Sugar 

Kraft’s Cheese Food 
Velveeta 

5-Lb. 
Bag 
2-lb 

MEAT BUYS 
MEAT BUYS 

Heavy Aged Beet. Boneless 
Strip Steaks 

Heavy Aged Beef, 7-Bone 
Chuck Steak 

Heavy Aged Beef 
Shoulder Arm Cut. Boneless 
Swiss Steak 

Tender 
Cube Steak 

Heavy Aged Beef 
T-Bone 
Steak 

 lh. $ o 9 9 

Lb 79 ' rn Slo8 

S i 99 
ID 
I 

■A j 
J 

8 -1 5 9 

Heavy Aged Beef. Boneless 
Sirloin Steak 

Fresh Cut, Skinned & Deveined 
Beef Liver 

Banquet. Cup 
Chicken Livers 

Heavy Aged Beef. Boneless 
Bottom Round Steak 

Lean, Boneless 
Stewing 
Beef u 

Lh 

Lh 

Lb 

Lb. 

S | 7 9 

69c 

79c 

S J 89 
81o9 

EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

•County Kist 
Green Peas 

Piggls Wiggly 
N e w Potatoes 

C'ushed or Sliced Dei Monte 
Pineapple 

Piggly Wiggly 
Cling Peaches 

Cream Style or Whole Kernel 
Del Monte 
Corn 

A 
/ 
I 
^ 
P n l l ’ o 
C O O K B O O K l V l C 
V 
R d l l S 
C O L L E C T I O N 

VOLUME SIX ' MARVELOUS MEATS" On Sale Today! Only 9 9 * 

U.S. No. I , Russet 
Potatoes 
I c c 

Frozen Foods 
7 

Lb. 

LAWN AND GARDEN NEEDS 
Northrup King Flower A 
Garden Seeds 
Topsoil or 
Cow Manure 
4o lb Bag 
Peat Moss 

R u sse t S te a k Frie s or Ida T r e a t , F r o z e n 
French 
Fries 
All V a rie tie s , F ro ze n 
Patio 
Dinners 

2-Lb. 
Pkg. 

1 3 -O Z . 
P k g . 

 ro ze n 

 r n 
49* 

Price As 

 ca. Marked 

Bag $149 
9189 

C alifornia Sunkist 
Navel 
Oranges 
4 s i 

■ 
Lbs. r n 

Regular Quarters 
Parlay 
Margarine 

Piggly Wiggly 
Butter- 
MUk 

I -Lb. 
Pkg.49* 
76* 

EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

Piggly Wiggly 
Leaf Spinach 

Piggly Wiggly 
Sau erkraut 

Miiad BegeteMei , IM Moot* 
Vegetables 

Piggly Wiggly Whole Peeled California 
Tom atoes 

Green, Cut 
Del Monte 
Beans 

YOU’LL WANT ALL 18 
• 
Cookie Collection • Casserole Cookbook • Practically Cookless Cookbook * 
Salads A Salad Dressings • Cakes and Pios • Marvelous Moats • Dessert 
Discoveries • Family-Style Cookbook • Company Cookbook • Coast to-Coast 
Cooking • World-Wide Cooking • Fish 'n’ Fowl • Show-Off Cookbook * Cocktail 
Time Cookbook • Homo Baked Broads • Book of M erry Eating • Picnic A Patio 
Cookbook • Do Ahead Party Book 

IifI 
't 

' I'S 

'Xiiii 

VALUABLE COUPON WORTH *2.oo 

TOWARD THE PURCHASE OF THIS WEEK I FEATURED ITEM 

3 HAVILAND TABLECLOTH UNDERLiNERS 

Our Peg D< 
Coupon Sa* 
.count Pr« mgs 
$6 99 
?oo 

Y o u r P rice (with cou p o n ) $ 6 . 9 9 

 pd ago includes f Pean White f ana I Moss Green underline 
Say Bl 

COUPON GOOD THRU MARCH 6 . 1 9 7 7 

!S ii ii 

 g P E P S j j 

6 Pock 32-Oz. Returnable Bottles 
Pepsi or 7-UP 

. $ 1 2 9 

Deposit j u 

Twin Pack 
G B F 
II rn 
I :■ lf 

With n e * S3 OO pui <.***$* ,ou t i § n m ,l i n t to bu, on* c h i n t % i » m p l o t **< * SS OO 
PUI t * * * » * t m t n t t yaw 19 b u , t o o v u m p 
9 U tin A S t u n C e m l a * l « • •« * ! JO t U m p t a nd ,Ou( Fi« |l, W in ', “ ‘ti pie tent you wit** a gilt b«i*d 3o sib** t im e t (or (bur bl b««M t*t«l lo h t n n H aviland C b *** II* IMM tbb>C9 bl (OW bR JuM ul O lllK H 71*8 (OUI 
PTM** bt VMM I** «M»| ba IMM « ? t IO UM chute v9o<C9 ptatat m ill tm aiaaaW t ai tpauai cava an .*•>»($ darn*, «ai«M9 » # •*$ 

X 
Acquire A 2o Piece Sot 

Pringles Chips 

Del Monte 
Catsup 

Nice N Soft 
Zee Bath Tissue 

H unts 
Tomato 
Sauce 

9 or 
Cannister 

I 
14 or 
9 
Btls 

4 Roll 
Pkg 

79c 

79c 
79c 
6 *1 
Cans 

LFD-8LEDSOE 

FOR THE PAST MONTHS HAS BEEN LIQUI­ 

DATING THE ENTIRE BLEDSOE STOCK 

. . . BUT THE TRUCKS KEEP ROLLIN IN 

FROM LAREDO, MCALLEN, EAGLE PASS, 

RIO GRANDE CITY WITH FRESH, NEW 

MERCHANDISE. WE MUST CLEAR AISLES 

IN ORDER TO MAKE ROOM . . . THE 

TRUCKS WILL NOT STOP ROLLING IN 

UNTIL THE PESO DEVALUATION IS SET­ 

TLED . . . GIVING THE PEOPLE OF SAN 

ANTONIO AND SURROUNDING AREAS 

THE BEST PRICES AND LARGEST SELEC­ 
TION OF FURNITURE, APPLIANCES AND 

CARPETS . . . WE COULD NOT MENTION 

EVERY ITEM FOR THIS SALE BUT, THE 

ENTIRE STORE WILL BE PRICED TO SELL 

I B D H n E D 
TODAY 
SUNDAY 
FROM 

I . 
/ m i l l i o n 

I 
□ 
□ 

□IO A.M. TO IO PM 

□ 

□ 
J 
□ ■ □ ■ a 

*' i n iii<*%iiii r~ ^ 
' hi^ h T T h w i~ iiif 
FAMOUS NAM E BRANDS YOU KNOW AND 
TRUST—BASSETT • FRIGIDAIRE • BROYHILL « 
M AYTAG • HIGHLAND HOUSE • SUNBEAM • 
BERNHARDT • ZENITH • INTERNATIONAL « 
WHIRLPOOL • BURLINGTON e LA-Z-BOY » 
SEALY • SIMMONS • TAPPAN • QUASAR • 
I DAGEL • KING KOIL • GENERAL ELECTRIC a 
{DIXIE THOMASVILLE AND M ANY OTHERS 
THE MOST FANTASTIC SAVINGS EVER OFFERED IN TEXAS 

2-PC. CORNER SECTIONAL SLEEPER IN MANY COLORS AND STYLES 

15 
ONLY 
9-PC. CORNER CROUP IR CHOICE Of COLORS AMD PATTERNS________ 
8-PC. EARLY AMERICAN DINING ROOM SUITE "° 
SET OF 3SPANISH LIVING ROOM TABLES S fS S T o 
•••••••«•« 
4-PC. BEDROOM SUITE IN WHITE FRENCH 

*8 9 * 

T 
O 

T 
O 
2-PC. SPANISH LIVING ROOM SUITE SggSf” " 
.................... NOW T S S 

LARGE SELECTIONS OF LOVE SEATS 
’ f f i g 
8-PC. BASSETT DINING ROOM SUITE S S ? 
*597 
5-PC. PINE OR MAPLE DINETTE SET 
* 16 6 

UP IO 

AND EVEN 

LARGE SELECTIONS OF SOFAS 
FROM 
3-PC. VINYL LIVING ROOM SUITE s o fa— lo v es ea t— chair 

T O T 1® 

T 
O 

FAMOUS BRAND ODD NIGHT STANDS 
FROM $2 5 *Nnp 

PULASKI GUN AND RIFLE CABINETS 
T .l 1.66 
SEALY FULL SIZE MATTRESS AND BOX S P R I N G ^ !I P * . 
FULL SIZE BED c o m p lete h b — m a t t.— b e s p r in g — f r a m e 
* TOT 

ON CflTM N KIMS DURING 

7-PC. IMPORTED COOKWARE SET por c elain en a m el , 

IOO z 

4A 

O 

TOSHIBA 19" COLOR TELEVISION 
*366 
DEXTER WRINGER WASHERS 
...........NOW *198 
SUNBEAM AUTOMATIC P ER C O LA T O R ^ .................. *13 
LARGE SELECTION OF SPANISH TABLE LAMPS 
REG. $69.95 
$ 4 o 
.......... NOW 
O O 
SUNBEAM FOUR-SLICE TOASTER S 
* 1 9 
.............now 
I y 
S-TRACK PORTABLE TAPE PLAYER*™ m / m a M 
, 
*44 
SUNBEAM HAND MIXERS Soo?,’,, 
.................. NOW * 1 
o 
8.3 CU. FT. CHEST-TYPE F R E E Z E R S ” 
*248 
IO ” COLOR TV w/WALNUT C A B IN ET S ” 
*218 
LLOYD’S DIGITAL CLOCK RADIO 
*32 
I PROCTOR SILEX DRY IRONS W/TEMP-O-GUIDE 

 oo 
O O r n 

 zo 
OO 

OSTER 1o-SPEED BLENDER E S T 
*22 
ELECTROBRAND COMPONENT 
*233 
FRIGIDAIRE MICROWAVE OVEN w /d efr o s t c y c le 
*266 

6-PC. THOMASVILLE 
BEDROOM SUITE 
DRESSER—MIRROR—5-DRAWER CHEST 
2 NITE STANDS—QUEEN OR FUU SIZE H/B 

REG. *1599.95 
(ONE ONLY) 
NOW! *888 

DECORATOR PLANTS 

MANY SIZES TO CHOOSE FROM 
- • t i —ak 
■ * 
AND UP 

4-PC. BARKEL 
LIVING ROOM SUITE 
SOFA—LOVE SEAT—CH AIR—OTT OMAN 
WITH MAGAZINE POCKET 

REG. 799.95 
(ONE ONLY) 
NOW *488 

GENERAL ELECTRIC ROOM AIR CONDITIONER 
*177 
6.ooo BTU 

8.ooo BTU 

9,5oo BTU 

18,ooo BTU 

REG. 229.95 

REG. 259.95 

REG. 379.95 

REG. 459.95 

(ALL O N E ONLY) 

198 

NOW 

NOW 

 n ow * 7 9 9 

 now *37o 

CARPET REMNANTS 

8.1x12 ANTIQUE GOLD S H A G ............................................... *6 3 ** 

12x17.8 SPANISH ORANGE INDOOR-OUTDOOR . * 1 5 4 " 
12x13.6 BRENTWOOD BLUE S H A G ................................ * 1 1 7 * * 

12x16 AVOCADO GREEN S H A G ........................................ *1 3 8 ** 

12x18.3 BEIGE CUT FLYE ............................................... ‘ I S S * * 

12x4o.1 MISTY NIGHT BLUE SHAG ................................ ' M 
T 
EASY 
CREDIT 
TERMS 
INC 
BLEDSOE 
FURNITURE CO 
E. COMMERCE ST.— DOWNTOWN 

•FREE DELIVERY 

•FREE PARKING 

•PERSONALIZED SERVICE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

OPEN MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 9 A.M. TILL IO P.M. 

Handsome selection of ‘Gentle­ men 
John’ long sleeve shirts. 
Choice of stripes and plaids. Long point collar. 
European fit. 
A l l cotton. 
Sizes 
S-M-L. 
Assorted colors. 

 the Epicurean food processor for the gourmet cook... 

The only limit is your imagatioru.and easy to use too... 
Powders cheese, shreads, kneads bread, slices...even turns peanuts into peanut butter. Easy to clean- everything but the base is dishwasher safe. Includes: double blade mixing knife, shredding disc, plastic mixing blade and spatula. 

 c m , 

14 oz. Crib-Age baby powder 

16 oz. Crib-Age baby shampoo 

YXOflff 

Oft.* Hypw ne 

MOUTH 
'*4 

 rn 
UHM IMMR 

32oz. Globe mouthwash 

*3LCm£ aspirin 

 aspmn 

LOBE 

. . I CCM .JI 

16 oz. isopropyl alcohol 

/o2oI4. Copyrtem GMM S lo w loc P rtt«*«M *cinM t»w y M.fcn Z \%t? Ma '**•».« IR# to MM 

 young men s sport shirt 
I 
Choice of short and long sleeves. In solids and stripes. All cotton. Sizes S M- 
I. Save 4.97 

 reg. 6.97 to 11.97 
OO 

EACH 

 student size 14-2o shirts 
Long sleeve plaids in cotton. Assorted colors. In sizes 14-2o. 

 reg. 3.97 to 5.97 
OO 

 boy’s shirts 

Long sleeve styling, solid, plaids, and fancies 
Easy care 
In blue, brown, green or red Sues 14 2o 

 reg. 3.97 4.97 reg. 4.97-5.97 

Boy's long sleeve knit shirts poly­ ester and cotton blend. Solid and stripe knit shirts. Features crew 

A K S U 
Sues 8 16 

VICKIE DAVIDSON 
School awards are won by E-N 

T h e San A ntonio Ex- pross-News has won two a w a r d s in th e a n n u a l 
T e x a s 
S c h o o l 
Bell 
Awards P r o g r a m of the 
T e x a s S t a t e T e a c h e r s 
Assn. 
In the category of m e ­ tr opoli ta n daily p a p e r s vc it h circulations of more t h a n 
I OO. (IOO, t h e E x ­ press-N ew s re c e i v e d a certificate of m erit for co n tin u o u s o u t s t a n d i n g c o v e r a g e of e d u c a t i o n news. 
In the s a m e category, the paper won a certifi­ c a t e of m e r i t to r o u t ­ sta n d in g c o n tin u in g co ­ lumn. 
That column was “ On 
C a m p u s ” by Vickie D a­ v i d s o n . It r a n in t h e 
Monday Express. 
The Express-News was nominated for the aw ard s by t h e 
S a n 
A n to n io 
T e a c h e r s ’ Cou ncil and the L a c k la n d T e a c h e r s 
Assn. 
T h e c e r t i f i c a t e s of merit a re second place a w a r d s in th e c o m p e t i ­ tion. The a w ard s were for coverage duri ng 1976. 
The E xp ress -N ews also won se v e ra l a w a r d s in the sa m e competition for 
1975 coverage. 
Vickie D a v id so n was education w riter for the 
E x p r e s s - N e w s d u r i n g 
1975 and most of 1976. Liz 
Sweet has a ss u m e d that position. 
T h e 
T e x a s 
S t a t e 
T ea c h e rs Assn., with a statewide m e m b e r s h i p of about 15(1.9oo, h a s spon ­ s o r e d th e c o m p e t i t i o n nine years. 
C ow killing suit b e g in s 

CADIL LAC, 
M ich . 
(Al*) — A Michigan farm fam il y , c o m p l a i n i n g it lost more than IOO cows and calves to conta m in a­ tion from the c h e m i c a l known as PHB, is asking for more than SI million in d a m a g e s in a su it scheduled for trial Mon­ day. 

II 
T h & 
Minolta SR-T 2o1. 
It makes fine photography easy. 
And easy to afford. 

The Minolta SR T 2o1 is loaded with features, quality md value. Try one and see why Minoltas are the best selling 35mm single lens reflex cameras in America. 
• Fast, easy handling ... information viewfinder lets you compose, focus and adjust exposure without ever looking away from your subject. 
• Patented through-the-lens "CLC” metering... pro­ vides proper exposure even in high-contrast lighting 
• Hot shoe for cordless flash operation. 
• Convenient memo holder so you always know what film you’re using. 
• Shutter speeds to 1/1ooo second. 
• Accepts the complete Minolta system of lenses and 
SR-T accessories for unlimited photographic versatility. 
• Full 2-year Minolta U.S.A. warranty. 

MFG. UST 
$ 365.oo 

3 DAY SAU with 5omm 1.7 Lens 
$2 2 8 .5 o 

SALE PRICES GOOD FEB. 28, MAR. I , 2 
LIMITED AMOUNTS. SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE 

Our experimental store at 4o2 San Pedro 
(512) 223-9782 
Other Studers locations at 11o N. St. Mary’s, 
17o3 Fredericksburg Rd., 622 S.W. Military Dr., 
Wonderland, 
Central 
Park and 
McCreless 
Malls. 

Dial 

 direct line to classified ads 

7 1 4 
2 noRTH SAN PEDRO 2 
3 
8 m iu ta ry drive, S.W. 1 3 1 5 SOUTH SANTA ROSA 

 t ' 

 rn A 

V U AEJZ ONey S a v e r 
^aBEhous, 

5 

 s s & 

S k 
W h b 

/,Q 
^rfv: I 
5, 1977 

- - 
^ 
FAC'S 
6 Pac r 

Mi/ 
.? 

 w&t/wetPr 
* /o*SSt/*6 

R flftT b C K 
Sh y o#£ 
&4* £ T q 

 r n 

 ii 

* avisos -3 Di^ zjh & rs 

, t o m 
Buy (mc. .. octane 

WE ACCEPT r pf?* ***« \ 

FOOD STAMP 
COUPONS 

AWO f V - w 
Cofu 
\ n 

 to r e * ? 

Ca r n a te 

 c * ° t o L m 
M i l k fvycM c'. 

Octane 
Bcrtoen 

M U K C f 

1*6-. 

OR 

Butene 
• • • G€rcty£ 

G O O P, 
RE 
*®) ,T * 
“ 
* 
“ 
* > ■ 

K 
* 
" 
* 
' " 
« 
« 
. o 
. 

4 o 
C 
^ 
U 
G 
H 
4 n 

2oOn 
* . _ 
V AT Z 7 /Z 3’ #77 
(9nv.(h 
“^ewA/y 
- 
“ * «* * * / f f e “ “ ws"» «* „ 
SLAPE CUT 
I _T~— - _ r » . « . 
^lowtK n m 
Po UNP 
W it . 

MV-(h 
" hi*AY 
^v_^/ob22 /r-. 
, 
. 
^ sbUfs 
/UMP CuJ« 
I 

IVA T R S a -t o k 
RU SSE T T C S moi rn 
2 . L B 
B A 6 - 

 maryump Clos 
\ m ■ 
^ 
Co f f e e / & * > . 
^ - a p , 

I ' LB 

C a n b £b 

UBTBRGebn 
, j l 
SUPER SIIM oz. P/r<5- 
J 

IF EXTo 
^R&S 

S/7* 

 texas 

*x>co 

T] 
ORAMAS 

^AAri 
^ c . 

Ip 

S o m e t h in g N e w , a n d B a r g a i n s T o o . . 
Attend! on A uction 
See our Auction Column 

R t e 

U & K IM P M j A M f M C P 

P a g e 
I O 
C 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 2 7 
1 9 7 7 

9 3 2 
A D C n W SA LE 
932 - AUCTION SALE 
932 NICTHMSAlf 
932 AUCTION SALE 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
ET DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LO W CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE FIRSTI 

Continued 
From 

9 2 8 
M t R C H E H B IS t M I B ! 

 i A IR C o m p re sso r S45; Sc u b a p e a r complete SIBS. 326 1o4o 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak, W alnut, M eta l. E x e c u tiv e , 
I Se cre *o ry, Student • la rg e se le c ­ tion 
169.6o a n d up 
A ls o G o o d se le c tio n of R I L E C A B I N E T S 
1131 B o »*e Bd., 733-7367, 734-3o81 
I 18" D ia g o n a l B la c k a n d W h ite 
I P ortab e T V (re c o n d itio n e d ) $58 
HOPP S 1S33 A u stin H w y 4 
I 25" D ia g o n a l Zenith C olor Console 
TV, R econditioned L ik e N ew 5298 
HOPP S 1533 A u stin H w y __________ j Dictaphone, 59o I m o old retails fr 
I 5795, sell tor 545o 657 ooo4________ 
D in e t te 4 c h a ir s S e o r s B e s t , 
Q ueen sire box sp rin g m a ttre ss I yr. old. B est ofter 696-4675. 

PUBLIC AUCTION 

Gold, Silver and Precious Stones 

SUNDAY 
Im 
M O N D AY 
MARCH 6 
MARCH 7 
1:3o P.M. w * 
1:3o P.M. 

.3 A ir c o n d itio n e rs 
18,5oo B T U , 
IB.5oo B T U . both F rie d ric h , good condition A lso C ole m an woll fu r ­ nace 824 o378. 
A ir 
C o n d it i o n e r s 
F e d d e r s 
18 ,o o o 8 T U 
595, 
22o v o lt , ll oooBTU 575, 11o volt, 656 2691 
A lm o st n ew C B b a se sta tio n s . 
Pow er m ike 5o' tower, antenna, etc M a k e otter 924 2o74 
A M P M ste reo rad io, tap e d e ck , 
579 Double bed, 549 D re sse r, 539 
Desk and chest, 539 ea R e fr ig e r ­ a to r 
576, etc 
17o5 W e st A v e 
1732 6595, 1o 6pm 
A M P E G V T 
22 G u it a r a m p 
! O rigin a l ow ner 
B est otter A fter 
2 
735 5o56 

A N T IQ U E G A R A G E S A L E 
Fu ll double b ra s s and Iron bed, 5135. 
P resse d back a rm e d ro cke r, SSS 
■ W alnut sp o o l cab in et, 575. G e r m a n h a n d p a ln t e d p in e im m i- g r a n t s tru n k, 5185 
P in e im m i- 
■ g r a n t s t r u n k , S H O 
A ll it e m s refinished 492 1862. 
■ Antique gra n d fa th e r clock, 3 a n ­ tique glo ss sh ow cases, see of 254 
M eadow Glade. L a c k la n d a re a 
■ A n tiq u e N E W R O Y A L , s e w in g 
■ m a c h in e in o a k c a b in e t, o v e r 
I OO yrs old 586o 696 4294_________ 
A P T 
R e fr ig e r a t o r 565 W a s h e r 
565 Twin and lull size b ed s 55o. 
Couch and chair 535 D r e ss e r 53o 
B U W TV 545 Color TV 5125 B u n k beds 515o 349 o82o. 

D is h w a s h e r F r ig id a ir e b u ilt in custom d eluxe 
IO m a s old, 
494-74o4____________________________ 
D ish w a sh e r M a g ic Chef i i i . G ood condition! 26oo L a k e L o u ise 
D O U B L E B e d so lid w o o d b ook c ase h e a d b o ard 736 2576 

D o u b le D r e s s e r ; H i-fi r e c o r d p laye r console, ladies sh o e sk ate s size 9 344 67o6 
D re sse rs, hutches, cha ir, IO speed bike, 55o 69o-8872__________________ 
D R U M S E T , 5 piece w ith 3 cvm - bols. 516o firm 673-5596___________ 
D ry e r, gas, Sign a tu re , 18 lb. e x ­ cellent condition, 575. 532 9677 
D ry e r, N orge. 18 lbs h e a v y duty, like new, 51oo. E m p ire style solid h a r d ro c k m a p le d in in g set, 4 c h a irs 5185. Sm a ll loose pillow ed couch, H e rcu lo n , 51oo 494-71o9 

.it ,V--, 

E o rly A m e ric a n Hutch, like new 
R o u nd fo rm ica top dinette table 
R o u n d fo rm ic a top coffee table 
S34 4632, 533 81o1 
E le ctric 
B uilt 
In 
Stove, 
525 
657 4978____________________________ 

E le c tric g u ita r a n d p ic k u p 
7 S " 
M a g n a v o x b la c k a n d w hite T V . 

928 MERCHANDISE MART 

W e d d in g g o w n a n d ve il size IO, o rig in a lly MOO, best otter 654-o745 

W h e e lc h a ir , 
S A J 
P r e m i e r , ! lightw eight, re m o v a b le desk type, a rm re st, footrest, good cond, c o s t , 
I 55oo, sell 517o 824 197o_____________ 

W h ite V e lv e t T r a d it io n a l So to 
5175. R o se w o o d Sid e b o a rd 5175. 
Fold-a-w ay P in g P o n g Table • like new 525. C h e st of d r a w e r s 515 
C h ild s tricycle 55. 494 5872 
W ood p o rc h sw in g a nd fire p lace scree n 341 1185.___________________ 
8x12 B ro w n a nd G old rug, ti'S. 
69o-917o __________________ 

1ox1o m e ta l b u ild in g , 5o ced ar fence. F re n c h horn.655-974* 
4x9 O r a n g e s h a g ru g, a sso r t e d clothes, law n m o w e r 455-5o14 
14x4o used cottage OI office bldg” 
T e rm s, tree del 732-5171._________ 
I Y e a r o ld T e c h n i c s S L -1 5 6 o turntable-515o; I ye a r old P io n ee r 
T u n e r T X 75oo 5175; I y e a r old 
Sta n to n h e a d p h o n e s -525, N e w 
T a p c o E q u a l iz e r - 526o. C a ll 
826-5o57 ofter 5._______________ 

8,ooo B T U a ir c o n d itio n e r. 
J W H o w a rd 734-9784 
C a ll 

A T T E N T I O N 
F L E A M A R K E T V E N D O R S 
W a re h o u se full m u st se ll e v e r- 
I ything in 9o days. G la ssw a re , coin m a ch in e , sh o e s, u se d c lo th in g , g r o c e r ie s , p r in t i n g s u p p lie s , 
■ flo w ers, new o n d u se d lu m b e r 
■ Call 224 6o61 or com e by 2942 E i Houston St. I block W of C olise um 

ATTENTION 
S a n s u i s p e a k e r s , d e s k * m a h o g a n y tables, c hina , lots of iG O O D lunk. 8am 4pm 1262 B A N 
D E R A R D 

Bab y G ra n d P iano, p riced to sell, 
,5895 494 1292 

15 B u r stools, 54 or 513 apiece, good condition 824 3493 9 4pm__________ 
B o s s a m p . A m p e q V 4 B w ith c a b in e t, g o o d sh a p e . A ls o c a r 
. iqpedeck 494 5926_________________ 
B e a u t if u l 6 b u lb o v a l c r y s t a l c h a n d e lie r, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
I 55o 681 ooo5 
Beautiful d in in g set, C h in a cab in 
■ et. B e d r o o m Se ts. H id e - a - B e d 
B un k Beds. Sp a n ish couch. L o v e 
■ seat. C h a ir . L u m p s . R e c lin e r , 
[ C o r n e r U n it, M a p l e D in e t t e 
■ M u tc h , 6 o ” M a h o g a n y C h in o 
I Cabinet. 648 1994 

E lk ech o-cha m be r for gu ita r 5125 | o r b e s t o fte r . 
K u s t o m le a d I s p e a k e r c a b in e t. 515o o r b e s t ’ offer Altec L a n sin g lead sp e aker, 
IS ” . 55o. 436 2861 after 6pm 
F c d d e r s o ir, 14.ooo B T U . 5125, ! 
12.ooo B T U , 51oo 656 1773_________ ' 
F O R S A L E 
L a r g e p ly w o o d ■ b o x e s , 4 'x 6 'x 7 ’, 51o ea. U s e d plyw ood sheets, 4'x8', 52 ea 
C en tral M o v in g & Stora ge 
1 15oo N Loop R d 
F O R S A L E 
Sm a ll size c o m m e r­ cial type ice m o k e r ( F n d g ia ir e ) 
One chest type c o m m e rcia l Coke b ox 
B o th g o o d c o n d itio n . C a ll 
517 996 3421 o r 512 996 34o2 
F r e e z e r s u p r ig h t , b a r g a in . cuff, t i cuff 657-o33o 
Fre e z e r W e stin g h o u se , 18 ca ft 
5175 Atter 6. 878-7632 L ik e new 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Steel P ip e 

F ib e rg la s s T u bs & Sh o w e rs 

W ater H e a te rs 
Steel T u bs 
C ast Iron T u b s 
Sin k s L a v o ra to rie s 
M a n y O ther Ite m s 

2 2 4 -o 6 7 2 
F r o m e s t a t e 
7 o ld E n g l i s h ! u p r ig h t p ia n o s , 
5 2 5o 535o. I sid e b o a rd w ith b e v e le d m irro r, 
519o, trunk. 53o 684 815o eves 
Fu rn itu re A p p lia n ce s-Jew elry 
I 
A ll A p p lic a t io n s a p p r o v e d w ith 
_____________________ _______req u ire d dow n paym ent. C oll Im 
Beautiful 6' guitar sp e ak e r cabin-1 p e n a l F u rn 222 2227 416 B ra d y et, real good b a rq a m tor your lo x — — --------------- — ---------- refund m oney Coll 773 1o97 
| *-ooo gallons, skid m ounted tank. 

B e a u tifu l le a th e r h a n d b a g s, an i ~ ” 
~ " r 7 r r — - 
.— 
-— 
------ 
;elegant w om an s shoes eires 6' B 
' G A R A G E 
D O O R S . 
7 x 8 ; 
2 
■ to 7 a A All c o lo rs a nd styles P e r I F re n ch doors, 3o x6 8 ", One old, 
■ feet con d itio n 
V e ry cheap. C a ll telephone, oak c ase , se v e ra l 
■ before N oon o r after 6 JO p m ,' other v e ry old item s 822 oo11 
1142 8372 
B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S , R a m o n a 

A t The La P o sa d a H ote l lO O O Z a ra g o z a , L are d o T e x a s 7 8 o 4 o 

O V IR 1ooo LOTS Of solid gold anas, bracelets, pocket watches, necklaces, earrings, brooches, pendants, medallions, coins, lobs, platinum, sterling, ruby*, diamonds, pearls, emeralds, topaz, tiger eye, etc, etc. • appraised conservatively at O M half million dollars. 

HIGHLIGHTING: Several repeater pocket watches including a Ferret ond 
Berthoud, railroad and hunters watches Lucian Picard ond Rolex watches. 
Dozens of solitaires ond clusters of mounted precious stones 
|ewelry in­ cluding a lot of 8o carats bag diamonds 18S4 Kelloqg ond Co $2o goldpiece, silver coins by the bag. 8 oz man s chainlink Cold cords Religious metals, you nome it11 You will bedazzled by the variety and quality of the aesthetic beauty of this collection 

HISTORY: this auction represents the lifelong investment of o Laredo businessman who for SO years, shrewdly invested his funds in the world's most stable market — Gold, Silver and precious stones Inspired by a recent 
U S. Customs Gold Auction in Laredo, and serious heolth problems, he has commissioned our frm to liquidate his possessions. Although the owner wonts his nome withheld, his story is fascinating It began in 1929 in Cuba, going door to door buying precious items. Storting with only S2S ond parlay­ ing it into o pirates chest* Before moving to Laredo he spent 2o years in the him and cities of Mexico, living in recluse but buying gold" 

A 14-page catalogue will be available at ( 3 from our firm with over 1ooo lots going on the Auction Hock, you w ill need itll! There is just too much to h it in tho madia. 

TERMS: Cosh, cashier's check or letter of credit with draft A S2S entrance fee per person must be levied to control attendance We are acting solely os agents, all salts ore final sublet to consigner 

INSPECTION: IO A M both doys until Sale Time 

JOHN JONES 

Auctianaar, TxGC-77-oo29 

J KAHN ANO ASSOC., 512-342-4822 

5o96 Blanco Rd., San Antonio 78216 

Make your reservations tarty lf you pion to stay at the la Posodo. phone 
S I? i i i 17o1 or AMEX EXPRESS for reservations 

F h i m h i l d 
IM ® 

Y o u n g s t o w n d is h w a s h e r , sin k , cabinet, best otter, 341 -9337. 
Zenith, 19" color portable 
5156. 

9 2 9 
G M M IX S A U S 

B A C K Y A R D S A L E 
IO s o e e d b ik e , d r u m se t, f u r n it u r e , a p ­ pliances. art obiects, b ric a brac, clothes, toys. Sat-Sun. la m lp m 
42o G ra n d v ie w (T e rre ll H ills) 
C o m m u n ity G A R A G E S A L E tor 
S a n P e d r o M o b ile H o m e P a r k , 
1424o 
Sa n 
P e d ro 
Sat-Sun tom -Spm . 

E8TATE SALE 
Sunday, Fed. 27TH 
E n tire b oo se of fu rn ish in g s 
989 IVY LANE 
CASH ONLY ACCEPTED! 
3 F a m ily G A R A G E S A L E 
. 
_ 
_ b ab y 
Item s, m o to rcycle, fu rn itu re, a p ­ pliances. toys, sw in g set, w ed ding d ross, Sat-Su n 12 6pm 6635 S p rin g r 
F o re st; B a b co c k N o )69o 1689 

G A R A G E S A L E ! W e H o v e I t ' 
C o r n e r g ro u p , fre e ze r, clo th e s, p u rp le sh a g , d r a p e s , T V . w igs. 
4147 
L o n g v a le 
D r. oft 
P e rrin 
Battel. 
G a r a g e S a le : e le c t ric w a sh e r, g a rd e n tools, rod a nd reels, toys. 
M isc. 414 H a m m o n d A ve 

G A R A G E 
S A L E 
S a l e m o n 's p o w e r tool sa m p le s, a re a ru g s, m a tc h in g coffee a nd end tables, chest of d ra w e rs, law n furniture, s e w in g m a c h in e , p ic t u r e s , c lo th e s, lin e n s, M I S C 
656-4474 
13o34 L a r k ie r Feb. 24-27 

^ ■ R M N R R N N M N R R M R N M H M M M M M M M M N M a R IH H H a N M H M H ^ 

Farm and Construction Equipment 

A U C T I O N 

S a t u r d a y - M a r c h 5 - 1 o A . M . 

O W N E R : C o le m a n Im p l e m e n t C o . a n d C o n s i g n e r s 

L O C A T IO N ! V an Zondt County Fair G round s, I mile East of Canton, Texas, on Hw y. 6 4 , 6 o miles East of Dallas. 

L is tin g s to D a t e S u b j e c t t o P r io r S a le 

C O N S T R U C T IO N E Q U IP M E N T : (2) IH TD S C dozers. IH 
TD 7 C Dozer. IH lO O C Troelooder 
IH 5 o o -E Dozer. IH 
5 o o -C Dozer. John Deere 3 5 o Loader. C a se I 1 5 o dozer. 
C ase 8 5 o looder. 
A C m odel D m otorgroder, line belt dragline with % yd. Hendrix perforated bucket. (2) pipe 
Piper cable layers. M F 2 o 4 W heel loader. Soil m over, 9 yd. scrapper. IH 2 4 1 2 -D Backhoe. Ripper for dozer. Tree sow for D-4 size crawler. G a rw o o d 3 yd. scrapper. D avis 3 o o 
Trencher. Set of C ase 1 o o o loader forks. C at D - 7 -1 7 A hydraulic dozer. 

F A R M E Q U IP M E N T : Approx. 3 5 IH, JD, JF, A C tractors from IO to 12ohp. ( I ) JD 4 2 3 o cob-duals. (3) Johnson potato harvesters. (3) truck rearend mowers. (3) fertilizer spreaders. (2) H ow ard rotovators. Am co disc bedder. (8) new ond used IH round h ay balers. (IO ) d rag ond 3 pf. hay racks. 4 m owers-conditioners-windows. (2) sod seeders. (3) groin drills. (8) sickle m owers. N e w H ay tedder. (3) offset disc harrows. IH C 2o1 swather. Square bole loader. 3 pf. blodes, scoops, plows, discs, box scrappers, cultivators, m id­ dle busters. 5 4 in. Jam es W a y sprig digger. Approx. 5 o o o ft. of 4 in. irrigation system. N e w 2 o o and 3 o o gallon spray tanks. Cottle handling equipment. 
Assortm ent of rotory mowers. Planters. Cattle guards. 8 ton grain storage bing with auger end motor. f 

T R U C K S 
A N D 
T R A IL E R S : 
(7) bum per pull trailers. 
3,24,26ft. gooseneck cattle trailers. G ooseneck equipm ent trailers. Several pickups. 1 9 7 o lincoln Town Cor. 

T E R M S O F P A Y M E N T : Full settlement d ay of sale by U.S. cosh, cashier's check, C om pany or personal checks accepted with prior approval of auction personal before sale day. 

AUCTIONEER: j ig g y n k k h s o n 
TXGS-77-o471 

F O iO X 4 3 1 , C enton. T u n 7 ) 1 o 3 
Tor A dditional Inform ation an d Brochure Coll C oh ort, B ob C olem an at COLEMAN IMPLEMENT CO. 

P .O . B O X 1 5 8 , C a n t o n , T e x a s 7 3 1 o 3 

2 1 4 —-5 6 7 -2 8 5 1 or 2841 

Foreclosure 
AUCTION 
TUESDAY - MARCH I - 2 P.M. 

S e l lin g : 
SEGUIN HOUSE RESTAURANT 
( F o r m a l ly B e l - A i r S t e a k H o u s e ) 
6o6 N. 123 By-Pass Highw ay 
SEGUIN, TEXAS 
S E L L IN G B U IL D IN G . L A N D & E Q U I P M E N T 
SAU TO W HOD AT THI GUADALUPE COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 
SEGUIN, TEXAS AT 2 PJR., MARCH I. 
Order of Sole — 
1. To be sold os o whole. Real Estate & Eq. 
2. Real Estate O n ly 
3. Equiment O n ly — A S A W H O L E 
REAL ESTATE: 
1.88 Aces Land, with 18o ft. frontage on N. 123 By-Poss Highway. A total of 
81,892 sq ft of which approx. $o,ooo sq. ft. is paved for parking. 
BUILDING - 5,2oo Sq ft. all steel I metal. Hill Country Rock, gloss front, on concrete slob. Tile A carpeting. I-shaped dining room scots opprox. 12$. 
Lounge arco seats opprox. 4$. Two rest rooms. Central Heat A Air Building is approx. 3 yrs. old. Has large kitchen A storage area, plus office area ond lounge. 
TUUY EQUIPPED KITCHEN. Partial listing: Modern appliances, 6x8 walk-in freezer, 8x1o walk in cooler, Howard 2-dr stainless reoch-in cooler, S E R I 
Remote Control fire safety system, SS tables, pots t pons, dishes, silverware, carts, mixers, scales, Southbend Double Oven Stove, Blate double oven, other oven 8 stoves, Breaster Mod 14ooE, Wizard Upright Freezer, SO S 166 gal hotwoter heaters, Scotsman Ice Machine, 8x1o Devilbiss Walk in cooler locat­ ed outside bldg Many, mony misc. items. 
TERRAS: Cosh Check with letter of credit from bonk 8 proper IO. 2S% down day of sale Balance on closing. Trustee s Deed to be furnished 
INSPECTION: Con be arranged by confecting auctioneer Also open house feb 27th 8 28th. (Sundoy even. 2 to 5 P.M. All doy Monday, Fob. 28fh.) 
SALE FOR BENEFIT OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION for further information 8 brochure, contact 
COL. RALPH SEGARS & ASSOCIATES 
5 9 2 4 R O Y A L L A N E # 1 o o 
D A L L A S , T E X A S 7 5 2 3 o 
( 2 1 4 ) 3 6 9 - 8 2 5 2 o r 3 4 1 - 6 o o 4 
Texas Permit #TX-G S-77oo18 

9 o 3 
BUILDIN G M A T E R IA LS 

MISSION HARDWOOD 
LUMBER COMPANY 
M IS SIO N Stocks over TIO 
Grades and Thicknesses in 
3o different Species of Hard­ wood Lumber. 
M A H O G A N Y 
B IR C H 
M A P L E 
O AK 
W A L N U T 
A S H 
C Y P R E S S 
E T C . 
Wholesale Retail 
1817 SOUTH P R E S A 
534-61o7 
1-8oo-292-5616 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

 f H s c o n U m le c M n o q e lT x lO ^ e r m v 

G A R A G E S A L E 
297 L O V E R A c o rn e r So n Pedro. A n tiq ue chair, c a n e b ottom , b la c k le a th e re tte c o u c h , 2 e n d t o b ie s , m i r r o r , m e d ic in e c h e st, g a r d e n to o ls, m u ch m ore 822 51oo______________ 

G A R A G E S A L E clothe*, shoes, toys, b ar b e ll set, la w n m o w e r, edger, g a rd e n tools, b arb eq u e pct. w ed ding rin g set, M IS C Sat Sun, 
Fe b 24-27 4123 T im b e rh ill (T w in 
C re e k s) 684-7717 

 inly P r ic e d 1 653 4619 
| Bed fram e! i m ahoqany, i 5 loom 
I i 

, w ood twin, m aple or 
52o e a 734 3564 atter 

G A R A G E S A L E 
L a d ie s C lothing all size s Jew elry, N ic N o e s and b o o k s 
M u s t S e ll M a k e M e a n 
Otter. 
Sat. 
Sun 
O n ly 
9 4 
127 
C ra v e n s 

 in q siie . n e v e r u se d 
{ p a c k a g e d , e x t r a f ir m ( W o r t h ! i448o) com plete 4178 In c lu d e s 2o1 j y r g u a r a n t e e a n d d e l iv e r y | 
U * uollv hom e 684 82J4 
B ed roo m suite, targe C op p erton! refrigerator, J piece liv in g ro om 
■ suite, 2 b la ck a n d w hite T V 's 3 g a s heaters 
D in in g roo rn suite t 
{ 732 3142 
I 
B ed roo m suite, box sp rin g, m a l j ll e ss G ood cond 826 7421 341 o844 I 
Bicycle, boy 's H e a d m a ste r G oo d I 
[condition 52o 822 3o62 
' 
Bicycles, Lad ie s, 2* a nd 24“ , go ocf I condition. 52o eo 492 2414________ 
' B ike IO speed 445 M in i bike. 425 
I Set pl Bible books, S it 342 5598 
73 b la c k o n d W h ite D ia g o n a l 
■ Table M o de l TV 598 H oop 5 1533 
I Austin H w y ________________________ I 
J b la ik . white tv s. exc cond, 45o le a 
M a g n a v o x ste re o p o r t a b le 
! le c o id plover, S6o 656 2299_______ 
C a lo r ic JO' a a s r o n g e . l a r g e I ve n t a h o o d , b o th c o p p e r tone 
Hood w o rkin g condition 545 9' 1 ' X 
12 celery sh a g ru g 535 Old m o d e l' 
Singer portable 435. 2 p oir red on I block b rocad e drapes, t is 12o X I 
44 other 48 X 84 535 for both or sell sep arately 
Betw een 39 p m .; 
U S M 2o1____________________________ 
C o r n u a 
Y A 5 M I C A 
IC 
I VO. SPOOF 341 1185_______________I 

<4 coro l P u lsa r gold filled watch! 
5»oo value 515o 655 3725___________| 

Carpet 175 sa v d i N ew B o 'tn e w 
■ hom e W ro n g color 54 5o per sa ■ yd 736 5881 69o 1839_______________ 

Co5t iro n b a th tu b car carrie r, fan, and d raw d rap e rods, telephone! 
{am plifier. 434 9544 
H T 

G a s range, 14'' G ood cond Clean 
TtTTi 
54o 342 5429 
G I 4o 
R a n g e , S e ll C le a n in g , 
W h it e 
E x c e ll e n t C o n d it i o n . I 
342 561o, 734 4181 

O ld d resse r, m irro r, chair, sm a ll table, lom p 655 1414. 
O ld p a rlo u r choir, lib r a r y fable, clock, chest 8728449 

O L O T A B L E A N O C H A IR S 
______________655-6129 

P a n a s o n i c 
I f r o c k s t e r e o 
I re c o rd e r p la y e r w ith re c o rd in g 

S O F A 
Fle x Steel, A v o c a d o H e r- cuton 
U p h o lste ry 
L ik e 
New 
824-9529 

- zi"'.L' 
;-----r r r ------1.... t 1 re c o ra e r p la y e r w it h r e c o ra in g 
P f 
.J w h,,e meter, 24 o n d 4o m in tapes, 4 m o * 
, old, 495 firm . C all 484 3221 
Lik e N ew 52oo 658-3653____________ 
G o K a rt, M c C u llo u g h t r o m e . U I 
H P , K oe h le r engine 
N ew tire s ' 
824 8781 
I 

Golf Clubs, J 9 Iron s, S w oods p lus cor!, 5125 441 6o98 
I 
G U IT A R , O v a tio n , ro u n d b a c k .; with case, like new, 525o 927 3948 j 
Headboard, b ra s s tor double bed [ 
O ve rh e ad g a ro g e door with h a rd { w are All in good cond. 431-9273 
. 
_ 
. . 
--------- ;— ' - 1 
— ..— t—r 
O rnate S p a n ish light fixture, 475 
H e n ry S 
M itier p iano 48oo 
C all 
S t r o p lu m b e r , e le c t r ic c lo c k 

I sofa. bol a a n a w nne striped. 7tl. 
495 
I E a r ly A m e ric a n p la tfo rm rocker, gre e n and gold print, 45o. 
I sw iv e l ro c k e r, c o n te m p o ra ry , go ld , 535 313o C le a rfield__________ 

So lo , io v e se a t, c h a irs , P e r s ia n 
6x9, K a ro sta n 12x18 ru gs, m isc., 
734-2514 

G A R A G E S A L E : Sa t, F e b 24, la m -5pm, Sun, Feb. 27, Ip m -Sp m . 
; 45o4 T ro pica l off E ise n h a u e r. G a s s t o v e . b e d , la m p . T V , t o y s , clothes, h ou se w a res, plants, law n c h a ir, y a rd equ ip m e nt, iew e lry, e le c tric a l a p p lia n c e s . O v e r 5oo item, all p riced to be sold C o sh 
' owty. 
G a ro g e Son- u routine A c a d e m y 
P T C , 48o2 V a n c e J a c k s o n H o u ­ sehold G o o d st C ollectibles, fu rn i­ ture, clothing. F e b 24, 25th I to 5 p m Feb 26, 9 to t p.r 

' Colorado, Hwy. IM , Lockhart 
Sunday • February 27 - 1:3o IMH. 

C onsigned to us by - , . BRISTOL ANTIQ UiS LTD. 

PARTIAL LISTING Pine Welsh dresser, fancy oak kitchen cupboard. Kit- kchen voter bench Chemist cabinets. Rosewood etagere Marble top 
-holtbee Dropfront desk Bookcase secretory Pin* mill bin Bedroom 
'suites Fancy madde top washstand look cace with leoded gloss doors 
Display cabinet with beveled glass doors Wardrobes, tress ond iron beds. 
■ Dressers Pine chest Iross top table Parlor tobies. Bedside commodes 
Brens convered log box Pine kitchen table Ovol Queen Ann table Oak clerk s desks Piano, organ, walnut sideboard. Chest of drawers. Grand­ daughter dock with Westminister chimes Mon (el clock. Several assorted pieces of chino Bowl ond pitcher sets leveled mirrors with frames Plus mony other items too numerous to Int. 

For A dditional Iwformwfiow Coll J I 2 3 9 8 37 o 1 o r 3 * 3 - 7 o o 3 

T .Or-77^o3oo* * 
G ARY FO G LEM A N 

San Marcos Antique Auction House 
5 miles South of San Marcos on Hwy. 123 look for Rad, Whit* ond Blue Windmill on JIT Ranch 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2 - 7 P.M. 
PARTIAL LISTING: Grandfather dock, etagere, fancy walnut sideboard, player piano 2 $ section stock bookcases, I extra wide Oak hollbench. 
Military chest of drawers Large walnut Cheven* mirror. Bookcase secretory. 
Chino cabinets. Oak sideboard. Carved linen press with beveled mirrors. 
Overmantel mirrors. Marble topped washstands. Curved bock chairs with woven cone. Dropfront desk. Ook bed Dining tables and chairs. Commode choir with woven con*, liquor cabinet. Tiftop toble. Rocket Primitive school desk, long Queen Ann footstool, large cutlass vase. Cut crystal bookends. 
Scales. Brass bell Brass lion. Poir of corned shelves. Blue bowl ond pitcher. 
Brass pot. Several mantel clocks: morble, wood ond some with porcelain faces. This auction bos several decorative items that or* very unusuol. 
* INVEST IN QUALITY * 
Toe Addrtiowwi Information 
Call 398-37o1 or 392-7oo3 

GARY FOGLEMAN 

9o3 BUI1oIM6 MATERIALS 
9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 

• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
G oo d L u m b e r-G o o d L e n g th * 
1x8 ............................... t9c L F 
2x4 ............................ 
I t 'i c L F 
2x1 ................................. 24c L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
• SOD Seguin Rd, 226-3141 * 
S e c o n d 1ox12 R e d B a r n , s a v e 
SOS., term s, tree del 732-5171 

Monett Lumber Co 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A I L 
"D e p e n d a b le Since 193S” 
4o7 N. Z a rz a m o ra . 432-7811 
N E W A n d U S E D lu m b e r, c a ll 
H a r r y 224-4441 or com e 2942 E. 
H O U S T O N ______________________ 
R e p o s s e s s e d P o r t a b . e , 12 x24 , 
12x32 B u ild in g F re e D el 653 8111 
U se d 7x1 p ortab le bldg. T e rm s , fre t del 924-5oo3 

 free delivery. 924-5oo3. 
F a c to ry Se c o n d 12x32 w o o d sid- ing, insulated ceiling, term s, free del. *53-81 ll. 
M o r g a n m o v e s , s e l ls , r e n t s , leases p ortoble b ld g*. 712-5171. 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6x8...$295 
8x1o..$396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A LITY C O NSTRU CTIO N 
H e a vy -D u ty F lo o r Inclu d ed 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 
P o r t a b le B u i ld in g s M o v e d b y 
M o rg a n , B on d ed 651-8111. 
S h ip p in g 
D a m a g e 
8 x t2 , 
8x14,Bldg. H e a v y D u ty Flo or, Del. 
924-o32o____________________________ 
Sligh tly D a m a g e d 12x4o G a r o g e 
H e a vy 
D u ty 
F lo o r 
F re e 
Del. 684-1236. 
Sp e c ia l P r ic e 2ox24 S a le s O ffice 
R educed , 
Finished, 
Del.923-4144._______________________ 
12x2o P O R T A B L E B L O G , ca rp e t­ ed, lots of glass, air, heat, n e a rly new. m eets oil codes. 
539oo. 
M I-25o6 

9o7 FMBHmiRE_________ 
IT n J e r v T T l'T r 'u p 'D ln e t t e s T T Is T ^ up. R e b u ilt m a tt re s s o r b o x s p r- ing, 519.95 
Fawcett Furniture 
414 D o lo ro so ______________ 227-4512 
D ry e rs, 579 9S up Dinettes, 549 95 up. R e b u ilt m a tt re s s o r b o x s p r- ings, 539.95 
Fawcett Furniture 
416 D o lo ro sa 
227-6512 
X a ro tk ln s D o w n tow n Thrift 
B asem ent, N ew -u sed fu rn itu re 
231 E .C o m m e rc e , 227-6141 
L A C K S D isc o u n t W a re h o u se 
U se d F u rn itu re a n d A p p lia n c e s 
941 C O L IS E U M O R . 
22S-7444 

9o9 PAWNBROKERS 

A M E R I C A N L O A N C O b uy-sell-trade a n y th in g of vale e 
1424 E. C o m m e rce 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y A S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T N I N U M 
G O L D 
S I L V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y e F O R I N S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N O E S T A T E S 
125 A L A M O P L A Z A 
224-1424 

E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T A O 22S 1444 

S a t a n d S u n 
M isc e lla n e o u s 
G A R A G E S A L E 
7997 
C H A P S . items. 

G A R A G E 
S A L E 
C h i ld r e n * 
C lo th in g , M is c . C lo th in g 522 M c 
O ouqol 511-9461. A ll T h is W eek 
G a r a g e S o le 

I l V V L Z l * £ Z * l l %' L %£ r# rn m ?r 
» • * *«»«»'«. com m o d e. 5175 d e m s c o r c m ! s V i . Y f f i * " 
" , 
£ h ° 'r i ' 
P in g p o n g table, 523 E x e c u t iv e 

------------------------------------------------------------------- 
L o t S u n 6 
5 
57o4 
8 
Sofa. 113$ So lid ook c o c k ta il 
£ r o t J r L a k e (W o o d la k e ) B a b y furniture, c h ild re n 's clothes, m isc._________ 
G a r a g e S a le 

 wooden d esk and chair, SISO eo 
H ig h ch a ir, S IS M e te r b ox with electric w o rk in pole, 545 Dinette table, SIO Utility cart. $1o F a b ric cutting toble. 525 W ine rack, 52o 

Sp a n ish L a c e seq ue n ce w e d din g d r e s s , h a n d m a d * S H O 
G a t s gu ita r blue $75 , cord ti.SO, A r v in 
Ste 
Stereo, 51o 224-o884 

S a t - iu n t i. 6547 
D a v id 
D r(C a m e lo t 
It ) 
M isce lla n e o u s 
GTT n t - 

932 AUCTION SALE 

" K E Y T O G R E A T E R S A L E S " 
G ro v e r H ow ell Ce. A u ctio n e e rs 
Houston, Tx. 
T X G C -7 7 -o IS4 
5.A. O ffice: tlO lt W y e D riv e 
A fley H ow ell <5123 *54-113o 

YO U R GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

I K H U H - H I W 
I 

3M siB m N F I C 
E 
I o i R C e %b T C # i C ■ 

TO PLACE A D S IN THIS DIRECTO RY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
C A R P E T SA L E S A 
SE R V IC E 
FO U N D AT IO N S 
JA N IT O R IA L S E R V IC E 

A D D IT IO N S 

681 3716 
H ospital Sterilize rs, one electric, one g a s 141-8228 
SOP C B m o to r, g o o d c o n d itio n , 
5125 or best offer 227 8o46 
_____________ ________________ 
C oll I P e a v y P A Sy ste m s, G o o d cond hon F o r info G e o ig e 532 *696 

M IS C 494 3778 
P IO N S ( R S X 818 receiver I year o ld 
P io n e e r C S S it S p e a k e r s . 
Sold togethe r o r se p a ra te C all 
674-7877 ofter S p rn. 
ISh p engine, electric start 
681 3149 
12 iii B W TV portable with roller sta n d 
N e w c o n d itio n 
B a r g a in price 344 7873 ofter S P M 

JR 

 tope dech, d ish w ash e rs, 
CB, 13 cha nn e l, 
SJO 
2 portable 
168*7499.________{____________________ I 
C H I N A 
N o r ita k e . w h it * g o ld etched, beautiful set Se rvic e for 

 oat, beautiful, new , G ir l '* i size 12 coats, new . J R S d re s se s! stocks, b lo u se s.* SO to SS OO; O r t '* siz e 12 c lo t h e s 5 SO to 52 OO { 
341 o2*2 C o sh o n ly _________________ 
K e n m ore w ash e r, go o d cond O la ! 
V ictrola 78 re c o rd s 342 5772 j 
K e n m o r e W a s h e r *4 o , 4 y rs ', w o rks Rood To see C all 337-4736 
I 
(4) K ir b y v a c u u m s in b ox w ith j attachm ents l r m o d e ls R e g u la r 
5379 95 s a c r i f i c e 
5 2 3 o oo delivered Lost apt deal A u stin , ■ 
I 451 728o 
I 
Law nm o w e r E xce lle n t Condition',. * s* 

PUNT PARTIES 
144 3832 
J49 S829 
■ e u w y . we— 
.. j s#**v*»«v 
» ne tvcuKtt » ut yri 
Pool Toble. c o m p lete, 515o 
C oll I not so ld w ith a g u a ra n te e , but| m a y be tested to in su re quality 
S to c k c o n s is t of Hie fo llo w in g types VOO G A R D E , h eavy cabinet 
I w ay sy ste m s with 12 inch Phil ups D riv e l 
VO IO m id lu n g e and 
P h o n e llic em u tw eeter with lull 

 g A T J<6fe 
U l e — 
5 
____ fam ilie s. F u r n it u r e g a lo re , d e c - 
1 
1 i n c a p p lia n c e s, b a b y fu rn itu re . 
S T O R E R O O M S A L E ! F e b 24-21, c a m e r a s , t a p * d e c k s , e le c t r ic tO am * p m C o m p le te B e d r o o m [ sa w , 
D o w e r a r r a n g e m e n t s , 
Su ite - K in g siz e m a tt re s s, b o x I clothes, toys, g u ita r, a n d m a n y sp r in g a n d f r o m * A n tiq u e co m {o th e r u se fu l ite m s A ll in M in t pie te d in in g ro o m s u it * 
O th e r I C o n d it io n 1 N o C h e c k s. T h o r * • item s U -Stow a nd G ot 1538 S W I Sun. loam d ork. 31o7 R a n k e r Rd. 
(M c A r t h u r T e rra ce )______________ 
M a k e M e A n Offer, G a r a g e Sol#! 
1o*o6 R im c re st oft N a c o g d o c h e s 
M o v in g i fam ily sale Fu rn itu re , clo th es, h o u s e w a r e s a n d m o re. 
F rid a y , Sa tu rd a y, S u n d a y 
1o5o4 
Palm d ale 696-8533. 
M O V I N G G A R A G E S A L E 

 o ffic e s, a p t s , I 

I PLOW ING • B U LLD O ZIN G 
E X C A V A T IN G 

Loop 41o a nd Zarzam oro^ 

SPEAKERS 

REMDDELING 
O M P I E T E F IN A N C lN l 
F R E E E S T I M A T E S 
C & S LUMBER 

I H o n «»f h o « F w o r k ln g C F o r* a bet- j 
IO O *?' ru g" 
$ ? r $ o 
227 I t s * tef l°«> COH 
349 2293, 224-o93o 
* 58 17o9 or 4S4 44oS 
225-83o3 
! 
A h F o u nd a tio n R e p a ir 
TiU i r c TV I8 a p S c Y ( t e u i j e 
A r * » o u r d o o r s d r o g g in g - W o lls 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E . c r o c k in g ? C oil 534-411o a nytim e. 
L ic e n se d a n d Insu re d . 

 fo u n d a t io n r e p a ir s G u a ra n te e d f r i S T W * , cut o n d 'T iv e ) y o n is 
F r « j 534-7238 ____________________ 

924-1o58 o r 224-8248 
LA N D SC A P IN G 

B A B Y SIT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E w o rk . 38 y r s e x p e rie n c e . 
E s t 333-9284 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 
*24-8556, 924-8557 

■ In so lve n t Io w a C o in p ro c e ss of 
; liq uid atio n , se e k s in f e s t e d Sa n 
I Antonio resid e nts who w ould Uke to «et in on a good buy on Stereo­ phonic S p e a k e * The sp e a k e rs are 

A SPH A LT 

 h i a m _________________________ fo o l tob le, G olden W est N e v o d o 
4 x7' iSOO 453-4223 

POOL TABLf MUST SELL! 

A n y a g *. L ic e n se d S IS w eek 
732-7345 
R o b y sitting in m y fo m c. H ig h la n d 
H ills area. 534 2894 

T r a n s f e r r e d 
517o8 v a lu e , b e st {c re ss o v e r M a rk e t value 5179 95 otter o ver 512oo. 494-7475 

R a n g e , G E etectric, p in k 
O o o d cond 55o 435 8449, eve*, w ked s 
R A N G E M o g ic C h e t i i ' 
S e ll clean oven L ik e new 5175 c a sh 

L ik e new 555. 484 3384 
Law nm ow er, tam self piopt-iiea 
549 4 38 O rc h a rd 

1 7, *15o * 74 / 294____________________ 
C L A R IN E T Cxceltent condition 
Coll I 4*3 487o 
C L O S E D 
W A S M A T E R IA 
I 'iionian* washers, dry deaning mot time. water heater, sottner,! ond dryers 513 583 3353_________ 
Coates electric bolter. 144.oo6BTU 
22o yell 3 phos* 341 8228_________ 
Coke M a c h in e tor Sa le , P lu s 
Stock on 
Hand, 
52oo 
Tofu) 
,122 5471. 
Collector wants Germon Military items W WI ond W W D including 
Regimental Beei steins 4*5 3841 
Color T v Cunsole. beautiful 21", excellent 51*o 923 O II*___________ 
COLOR TV *125 Excellent condi lion Coll 922 *225________________ 
“TV, R C A , 25" consol* *U 6 
494 >43o_______________________ 
Color tv tiOO: w asher 512s town Kayak *9o 481 OIS* 

Leather danish modern sofa ond 
<hair Mediterranean cofle* table and end tab le 
O p e n w e a v e drapes ond sheers, scatter rugs 
458 3829 
Like Ne 

 u , irigeraiiji W estinghouse frost tree 58o. baby crib complete 52o, 4 draw er chest and twin bed 52o, excellent condition, 924-o154 
R efngeratnr'' $75 Chest freezer! lie 
*75 Craftsm en oxygenacetylene regulators. 545 828-6585 
R E F R IG E R A T O R freezer, while 

A yo<'odo"K"iicl.e"n"o,3* I 
.“/z i m ? ’ '* tU " 
P o rt D ish w a sh e r 
52o8 681-17/7! L 'k e new W 
X H d PIZ ........... 
R e f r ig e r a t o r I * Jeu It la rg e freezer in good cond 575 333-o221 
A e F R IG f f e A t f t i/ i F r'osTF re* 

 each, your cost 589 each 
IOO G A R D E 2 way with 12 inch 
17-71 Ph illip s driver, ond 32-2o 
Phonellic rin g tweeter. M arke t value 5122 5o each, your cost 579 
IOO G A R D E M ini Power Column speaker* with 8 inch loam rolled 
D r iv e r , a n d P h o n e llic rin g tw eeter M a r k e t v a lu e 5*1.75 each, your cost 553 each 
. General Public and Dealers may inquire bv calling 654-7o*1 
{A p rod u ct of R y a n M a rk e tin g 
I Cera o* Texos 
Stereo centai*,' I •> o d recorder, turntable, A M F M stere*, beau htul cabinet 5175 474 77*4 
Stereo consol* 

■ 
■ r n 
_____ 
Green Rues, Kenm ore W asher. 
Broiler Oven, Typewriter, M en s 
Clothing. M isc 342-441*. 
M O V IN G O UT! Color t v lor sal* 
5375, 224 5o84. 
Personal Estate and G arage Sale! 
Thar Sun 2o4 Veda M ob_________ 
Y A R D S A L E 
F r i Sat Sun, I I I 
Brehon wood, Collection of Avon 
I B o w n *. 
Yard Sale you name it, we g a ll. 
22o4o Scenic Loop Rd 

93o MUtCHMIOISt MMHiD 

.v u t iiia n c e v ^ o rn iT u rY 
MIE PAY MORE 
Estates. Anything et volu* . from on* p«*c* to houseful Colt 
142 4755 Anytim e 
Est 

 a s p h a l t R e p a i r i n g a n d c h i l d c a r e i n m y h o m e 
P A T C H W O R K . We do driveways. ! M onday thru 
Friday. 
N E. eravet work, No lob too b it or too I *55-9778 l ? S 'A f S P S J ". 'T.o!**, Colt J * p C h ild ca re in re giste re d fam ily home, near Wonderland Moll, in- tonts lo three yeois, >35 2951 individual loving childcare rn my 

H O U S E L E V E L I N G 
T H E IR IS H M A N 
38 Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Not* Never take the first price! 
333 TOSI o r 
734-7511 
Reliable m an to do foundation repairs and house leveling. Solis 

L A N D S C A P I N G 

L o r g ^ A lT T S e B ^ Y T c e T f e r T t o r landscaping SIO each 684-38oo 

 w T h a v E P L A N T Y O F L I V I 
....--------------..... .......... 
. O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R faction gu a ra n te e d . N o lob to 
1-875-9o28 or 1-3*2-5341. sm all Coll 654-5573. 
I 
................... 

S A L E 

Land cleaning and root plowing 
Any size tab, 333-3788. 

R E M O D E L I N G 

D in g and 
D e sig n e r S e rv . S A T CO. 
824-7488 Atter 4, 824-o794 

R O O F I N G 

A S P H A L T CO *74-72*4 

A S P H A L T - C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 

A l C O N C R E T E Foundation, pa nos. asphalt drivew ays. P arking 
Lots Lie. Bonded 534-144o 
AM Typos of Concrete Work 
Rafael. 924-7493 
C A iL ~y T 6 i i l Y f u c Y t i i i n t o n 

 hom e, bv e x -k ln d e r g a rt e n teacher. L e sso n s, outings, hot lunch E xce l references North 
Star area. 924-595*. 
CT c h ild c a r e in m y h e m * 
B a la n c e d m eals. C a stle H ills, 
Dream land dreg, 349-o428________ 
Lie childcare, nutritious meals, large home ond yard, 432-o774 

DroVcV?so V r , i #.wnody ! ,osn,d.woal'k°t' 
I- J - 4 v r * lh my 
^t n r n , ? I « home Days! 5 days wk 6pm 7am ond asphalt 533-8428 
^ 
Callaghan on Ingram Rd i Concrete, all typos, foundations. 435-8*14 d rive w ays, pat.os, call doy or 
.... 
.................. night, Free Est"735-13o«. 732-7413 
: (toner*)*, brick and rock work 
Patios, drivew ays, foundations 
732 5414 or 435-4449, call R K h o rd 

D I R T S A N D G R A V E L 
F I L L - T O P S O tL 
A A A G rodeTaw r^nT^ 

 aft 5 

»e room ,t I Hu .1 51ooo Sell 
545o Spanish bedroom set with queen size bed P aid $7oo Sell 
S35o Queen size hide a bed. 7 chairs, coffee tables All item s I yr old 499 o1o* 
Lowrey Organ. £ *n ie model Au to rhythm , 2 ke y b o a rd , m any other leaf ar et 575o 655-1759 
M a g n a v o x 
Center 
H o m e 
51oo 

T O 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ’ * 1 IT C h a m p a g n e and gold 
Com plete b e d ro o m Suite, fre n ch Unique Pottern 52(W;; 658 4354 
P ro v in c ia l 5145, *55-4135_________ M atties* ond box sp rings king 
C o r n in g W a re E le c t r ic R a n ge s n * 514o Sot only 49* 436J 
H or vest gold Self cle an in g oven 
M a t t r e s s and foundation, tw in 
I ye ars old E xce llen t con d itio n 1 good cond *75 434 oo37 

T y 
Entertainment 
>34 231o 
Marshall *6 model T with cabin el Fender stratocaster Sell or 
•rode 878 54oS 
M atchingt h mete f u g s * a 17 and needs pain!, pol belly steve, 4x> metal desk *58 eo 344 /oo9 
Refrigerator Whirlpool, t yr H R T 

Bot ok components 428 2624 

Super 8 let! A Howell movie kit p ro te cto r, s c re e n , c a m e ra , i splicer, >175 *614o98 
Take UP 8 Paym ents al *11 on my 
S IN G E R G O L D E N T O U C H A 
{SE W 224-5874 
Tank typ e Vaccum with ottoch m ent* Elec even broiler Items no tenger needed 4*1-129o 
1 f 5 * A m V A a ro n S p a ld in g Got! 
Clubs. 1-3-4 W oods and iro n s 7 thru wodge golf bag golf corf Alt 
598 Cash 223 1o53 after 4pm 
Mi 
IvQfMnwfflJ M w b u r 

 tai 
- 
-- 'T o r * riding mower, 5HP, J-tpoatf. 
438 Orchard f R A b I" M , n k Stole ( W : ; aloe) tor clean, good motor Pinto, etc 
733-1438 

 t 674-7296 
: nT,V,'L^ 
'I T-’~ 
I 
. 
_ 
. 
, a a a G rad * lawn and garden dirt, 
"Fisher"" Yhorens lr e l re? r 
Caner#!#, pptU . w alk*, d riv e s 
7 day delly. D U G I T R U C K IN G 
.i* is L ix ix freezer * needing repair 341-1865 
A dditions W intor p rices. Fre e CO 337 4244 anytime 517 5o and 

Frtgidair*. harvest *oM . * 17* G E 
Iro st-tre e h a rv e st gold, 5158. 
R A N G E S ! 
(2) 
T a p p a n g a s . avocado HOO, Ai2$ M a g ic ch e! electric, avocado $15o. L u a e ag t rock new *4o 659 o394 
Refrigerator, side bv side. frost tree while 5725, Harvest Gold gas range. I yr old 5225, Copperton* outo washer $75, HIO 5 Mom 
Refrigerator 2-door l8cu ft 5125. 5 piece dinette 575, sofa IH S . coffee ond end tables *77 *24* 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Sell, Trode. Repair 
5322 SA N P E D R O 
928-2327 
'd A t k f o r your Used Pion* 
224 71 H or 224 )1o2 
C o sh 
4 w a stie r*, k e n m s r e , 
Whirlpool needing repair 224-o21* 
--------------- D l l M A N b i--------------- 
Williams. 277 9782, 15o E Heusfen 

IIL BUY ANYTHING ~ 
TH AT D O E S N 'T E A Y H i 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
633-2*oo or 433-8348 
O O E" PA VS C A SH . 

Harvest Gold. lf cu ft., ice m aker 
5495 1-755-4484 
Riding mower SHP. G » m . <n<ii 

15o, make oiler 
3o 

W 
SISO. 438 O R C H A R D 
494 2437 otter M A Y t A 6 washer, excellent cond. 
___________ 
5188 924 5184 
Couch, chair and Ioveseat. *248 
Mediterranean style china cabin b a m b o o and b r o s * cou ch, 7 et, 51 wide. excellent condition. chairs, h id * a bed, velvet ond *3o8 *81 ooo5 b ra ss head b oard , se w in g m a thine cabinets, *2o Velvet re diners, dropieot nor vest table. I 
■Chairs, SHO W ashers, d r yei relr.aerators, all used, rendition *54 3)88 
Couch 53o, twin bed 5Jo 
458 7585 

M editer ro n to n kin g site head board, 55o or Best otter 435 541$ 

 mW 
I ' I T m * ! U k e Mar kale perfect Good condition 54o 337 *252 
M I T A L d tc to r.lU in i Pro, Ilk 1 new 515o 927 3941 
M o v in g household clothes. 
'Couch, yellow velvet, 3 cushion 
5123 Brown gold plaid chair and! 433.6*47 ottoman, *1oo Green tweed solo bed. 5125 b lack nuugohide re diner, HOO 381-8817 j 
Crystal an^ 'R o ya l Gallon china 
12 settings, 5959 G lo ss ch in o : cabinet, *95o 8 silver bowls and worm ers, tio6o iron ond g lo s s 1 bed. hanging ail type lamp, sm all 1 
Victor ton toble 524 343) j 
Desk and m atching console, ex o c u liy * type, oak, sim u la te d leather 
18265 O asis. Suite 1o9! 
Mon F ri 341 1449 826 4521_______ 
Desk. (gather top witfi ^ draw ers 
Bookcase, nice condition 455 4*51 
D i f S K r 

UsT sett furniture and 
14 ct gold ring. 
3728 W 
Woodlawn 

Nice I ar Iv Am el ic on couch and chair Cauch opens into bad good condition. 575 227 4624 

Now Is Tile Time! 
Earthw orm * moke big Money 
C om 
EARLY BIRO 

SO c l m r e o m ilu d tfit f? OO do J ll New Laredo 
Hwy V?i o 4 o 

FNI AC HON NU BR BIM ro t f i n et i o u * 
P IA O 1 oU R W A N I AO 
IN FHI I A P A IS ! N th ** 
C A H l l J 1 *6 6 

EARTHWORM FARM 
For full information an prices and complete storting set up 735 3524 

Office desk and choir, typewriter space on left sideat desk, excel 
Cond 653 5o*6 Ofter 5 

R .ding mower, 7 tipi, needs drive belt 5125 835-8988 
Ruder B lac k h aw k 157 M a g 4’ b g r r t l plus hand m ad e leather heister 
4 boxes shells, 
5159 j 381-8851 
Sansui re lie v e r with .u ru k e rs 
5325, 715 83o9 
_______ 
I Id e r* Air Conditioner 14,888 BTU 
$17o 459 3431 
[ 11*2 f e a r s 'D lia f t " Scooter,' D ou­ ble Bed With Mattress 653 1544 
Se a rs a v o c a t * green l a r k o i t tome atl i cond 575 534-7777 
Silver m ink stole. 1)3o or best 
Otter Coll 654 7887 otter 7pm or see at *427 S h in in g S ta r O r. 
(C awsgtat it) 
S ilv e rto n * P o rto b le l f ” Cater 
5298. M a g n a v o x C o n so le 2 5 " 
Block and White 1125, Irk# new 
, 1*3 9273 

Seta and C h a ir M e d ite rran e an blue and black Excellent Condi 
■ a a * t m 959-1*84 
* o1oo*o ana ioveseat, queening, 
5225 I pc tor moi during roam set, 
5256 D re s s m a k e r Sew in g M a chine, 5125. IS CU ft. tre stle ** freezer, 588 977-4894 

Trunk old'm etoT J draw er £ « cedent cond *24 231 > 
TV portable working good 
135 
433 o43o 
Ty R C A I* color portable SUO 
«*4 H it___________ ___ 

IV service equip Must sell 
653 35o6 alter WM,_ _ _ 
Y yp e w r iter 
IB M fle e Trie! 
I C heck'Writer Poym oster, 734-1998 7*xfro p !# c*6 342 2894^B 

■ S S U T C T T f a a i J T h r i . k oplim us 

Fo r used furniture ond w orking appliance* 923-8943,927 *845 
Riding Mower, fig M ere RMM S I N 
337 4441 
W l f i T I b 
A Tri ce n g a m * trg- phies A ls# bear ru g s Rett top desk Mon F rb >34 2875__________ 
W A N T E D 
C o lo r i v n e e d in g repair 
M ust be ira sortably 
927 74o4 
W o n ted 
J e w e lry s k e w e d * * 
I Jewelry, clothes, accessaries et 
1938 or older 494-8857 wX hTT f 6 
"L e o n a k te rita k e " 
Pattern China, 3 Dinner Plot**. 3 
Soup Bowls. 2 7" Plates. I 4 ' 1" 
Plate*. 3 Saucers, 8 cups or any 

 estimates. Frond. 333-1946 g g fT C T T T T 
W'6 T t r " E l T I O I. T ~ I a r V p V f l l " T9 M 4 dirt sand 
Sidewalks. D rivew ays 333-3143 grovel Year round dei 43S-4IS7 r Vri c't’eT e 'w o r'E T poT i a.” w o I k *. A C T i 6 Ti' D E L IV E R S F O R L E S S drivew ay* frog est J Q ueerer*. M O N E Y . 
534-2947 anytime. 
934 7777 
_______ W3-4844 
Discount en all concrete, rock end AU type* dirt, sand, grovel Jim m asonry work D o n * now Free Longford, Nor th side, 343 2446 est Anytime 274-3454. 532-5714 
A t V ic k Teasel!.’ m ix e d loom . 
D r iv e w a y s , p a tio s, w a lk s, sand, a ls* town and garden tor- remodeling and me to I bides Can tinter by toad Com * en ever an- 
I 937 5125 ar 927 5584______________ ytime, 337 4454 
P E B B L E A lk lliH Orlvewavt, pa- i l G I A N G A R D E N T O P SOiITI ti*, sidewalks, and what have yea Best duality, a ls * sand lo g soil 
Ne lob tea sm all H R A M IR E Z , m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
I 434-7798.__________________________ 435-9229 , 433-1489. ra w e a rl birt Topsoil io n d O ravgl L M K I 
IH T M f ! 
Roy Hendnx Delivered 34 1 2449 
Low prices biga anality concrete b a u d lap so il d e lly. Sam lp m work Coll enyhm g, M r Concrete, 414-4524. ly o n end weekends 
111 5447, 223-5115 
4 8* 5o*3 
----------------- ll n iT V B P U iL------- 

Satisfaction Guaranteed 
City Lie, *55-2441 

F U R N IT U R E 
R E F IN IS H IN G 

Furniture Reffnisii 
Repairs 
Antique restoration 
Experienced ond resonable 
714-9525 

G A R D E N IN G 

C a r3 *n riiil*d R • .T o n o 5 irT o l# r 
Coll otter 4pm. 923-85o8__________ brow your own veaelcibles, g a r­ den tilling, reg* rates. 455-1985 
TTiTi no yo u r g a rd e n , ^ r e * es lunate*, 335-8484 

H A N D Y M A N 

L U M B E R Y A R D S 

Monett M e r Co 
"Dependable Since 191S” 
Call or se* us for delivered price* 
(w ith in 46 m i of S A I on 
P R E F A B root trusses, extorter wall sections, interior partitions, or co m p lo t* house S H E L L on your pions or our* 
W H O L E S A L E 
R E T A IL 
*87 N Zorzqmoro, 432-7811 

M A SO N R Y 

7To"eustom fh.m nxyl ond br.rk work 473- 2882. 

PAINTIN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A ST E R IN G 

A Com pVtr P a i n t l a T O ^ r r tenor extorter. P ric e * you con 
I afford. *54-8244. 
A G arcia Pain ting Control!oV. 
I Free Est Int-Ext 714-7844 
~5 E R H A b b Y i 5 3 ifM * 

^ ^ T o m p e Y ^ ^ e T I n T T e r y T c * ? 
Coatings for oil roots. Guaranteed workm anship Prices you can af­ ford Free est. 4544)244. 
C 4 H R 6 6 f i n 6 l b We do the lob right lh* first time New roots, roof repairs of all typos. Free est. 
655-1o39. 
I C L A R K S “Rooting A He m o de ling. 
Free Est. 924-1532 
________ is Y R S Experience on Compos! lion or G rovel Roof. R A M IR E Z . 
I 282,7118. Lie. 

SEW IN G A L T E R A T IO N S 
•TAILORING 

A ite ra n o rT T n T M M T s^ n T 'T in n ? 
Men only 641 1128 724 17*1 

SEW IN G M A C H IN E 
R E PAI RS-SER V IC E 

S a a r o in C o r S e p o i ^ Y e r y f e e T r r i 
M akes Free in shop estimates 
1521 West Av*., 344-9471 

SH E E T R O C K 

349 8812 
H A N D Y M A N 

R F L . ^ 7 l 7 \ D S T , m Y t e \ o n 
S h e e tro c k in#'. T o p . h o p i w.Vi, 

P a ,n U n J V a p e r m 
, 5 h r o c k 
■ f 
M o n U r r , V 

HANDYMAN 
No lob too small Painting, wood 
I work, landscaping, roofing, retin- 
! likin g, rem odeling, 149-9717 or 
■ 824-8897 otter 5pm 

 w indow G lass. R epairs, Budget 
731-8532 ! Term s I * 12 5 Hackberry 
— 
I Paper H anging. Pain ting W ork 
[G u a ra n te e d R e fe re n c e * F u r ­ nished Com m ercial and Rendon hoi Reasonable 
Jack W diiom s 
149 7922 
P # R E Z A ibfcit P A IN T IN G interior. 
Exterior 
F ro * 
E st 
433 8941. 

Texlone 735 1841_________________ 
Y a p in g - ? lo o lln g - Y * x lo n e o n d 
Acoustical Roosonpbi*. 514-o8o8 

A P P L IA N C E S 
S E R V IC E R E P A IR 

H NW. 4844294 
T a W KT o H T UA UL t d 
921-4947 after 5 

H A U LIN G A M O VIN G 

H otJin gd n d m oy7ii# with pxxuo truck. 471-5449 
H A U llN d A R b BLi/U^ING 
Hove 7 1 1 ton trucks 533 1142 
H auling, m oving a e J tree trim ming, hay# I 1 > ton truck. 473-51*6 
. . . , L o a d in g top so. I o nd vondy loam i_^._ 
,k„,« below 416 en So m e rse t Rd lo Hid nx,y ,-, we nm ,. t/i-nw 

 s t e V ; ? : : . ? ^ * . , ' 1o r x o N 5 
° “ ° d , " v#r I U * n e a t h a u l i n g a r a 
A P P L . A N C . A N D S H A R P A L L T O W t i I n t H U E To put v . . . 
* P *9 ?e o r h ou se hrtt 

T R E E S E R V IC E 

T X T n r r R ^ r r r n T T T T T ; 
E stim a te * J E S S IE . 432 7758 or 
___________ 
832-8876. 

 o w . u - r . u e , 
I t r e e * a n d s h r u b s t r im m e d # r 
P A I N T I N G taken down. 
F re e h au lin g 

T r f h u r P u . n l. n g C on fru . igr. In t 
T R E E S 
H C D G l i 
E x t , A c o u stic c eilings, 415-1149, ‘ 
F re e E s t im o tes 
N o r t h s id e 
IC 

4721 
441 
G ib b s 
Sp ra w l 
R d 
K irb y 

■ 
J H l T i a r H 
TTOT~» n f 
N e I 
184 E L A M A R 
N o I 
18418 P E R R I N B f IT R L 
F in * F u rn itu re 
Fro ctton of retail 
U p rig h t Piano." Loll Tor sto ro e *. 
5295 *9*1 2 9 2 uKdTm vVRU TV m fcA fll b id e te rm s 
Ir e * d e liv e ry 
7 # l l 7 t . 
Used Office FurniTure 
D e s k * , c h o ir *, t y p e w r it e r s , e d d in g m a ch in e * M o re l 149 2474 
“ " l a b i i M i f i n r r r s n — c e n t r a l s e r v i c e c o . 
787 W E S T A V E , 734-4117 
Vt oil h ^ le 7 'T $ . W T f X Tc"omptete. 
575 wanT e d " 

OFFICE FURNiTURE 
E v e ry t h in # M u st G o 
D e sk s. Churrs, C re d e n z a s 
Cubicles. Etc 
I to 4 D o ily 

 sm all S e o rs tattle tor 
____________________________________ parts, w»N b u y a c c e sso rie s 
Feta bed. H ercuieN , dinette with 5 c h o irs. 
2 5 " color cun so le W A N T O O O D 
A ir C (im p r e s se r w ith s t e r e * e n d A M F M ra d io , with equipm ent 49*5154 w a ln u t lo n e r ^ c o r d j r 
C e il k k o rd s # * U } dr~ T . 7 r ,g " n e , J ~> 
454 7594 otter 4p m 

S o fa ' I r e * n N a u g a h y d e $171 
K m * S u e sp read, s i s 451-1771 
S a fe e x c e tle n t c e n J. U e ^ e n style 5158 or best offer 92 **1 3 1 

 re p a ir, m a ke ewer. > 3 4*13 ) 
W u sk e r a n d d rye r! k e a rn e r« au tem otic 545 22*5875 
W 
A t m i S T k 'i n q s i r e t m a l tress, liner, heater, fram e . I m e aid 
5158 
49*8447 
(an sw er m a ch in e ) 

7 sp e aker in peed condition, M a k e offer 4/3-7359 Or 11*1355._________ 

W A N T K b 
W o rk in g or not w ork m g re frig e ra to rs 
415-5558) 
*73 7*78________ 

U lt ke y F u rn itu re , AppT.ances i sta le s A n tiq u e s G la ss w ere etc 
BEST PRICES PAID 

5 3 2 -6 6 4 1 
853-3714 anytim e. 455-4*34 eves. 
J O H N A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L ic e n se d a n d b o n d e d b u y e r s r n * a v 
------------- 
F o r G oad U se d F u rn itu re 
FMVCETT FURNITURE 
4)4 D o lo ro sa 
217*513 
W T pay c a th for rifles, sh ef guns^ b ille t* 7341794 

We Pay More Cash 
F o r That G ee d P la n * 
That you a r * not u sin g 
P le a s * 
CPN M r L eo n of 2214151 

 roble fa rm topsoil en yo u r town dei avow 484 itll 
__________ ia n il, grovel, topsail 5 I * 7 y a rd s delivered. 411 5182. 
--------------- T o p s o i l " ; --------------- t t y t m 

B O O K K E E P IN G A TAX 
S E R V IC E 

 incom e V ox P re p a ra tio n , p e rso n T o T ^ r T r i m n T r * n 7 J 7 X n d e l a n d b u s in e s s 
A se. h a n d le sp re a d 
N W a n d 
N E 
43*1154. b o o k k e e p in g a n d a il a s p e c t s et 433-4315 c o r r e s p o n d e n c e 
243 S p e n c e r 't o p x ^ i r Z S X T'T -Z S — "'"K . --------- - 
Lone, 
711 7137, 
4*4 8141 ar ™ 
»«« »o n dy L o a m D riv e w a y 
34**245. 

C A R P E N T R Y 

M a la r ia l, s p r e a d in g a v a ila b le 
342 8817. 531-7922. r a p t a i l , U s 6 , a n v i l 
*22 1155. S d * S u n 

F IR E A B B Q W OO D 

I y . u c -1 r»• • 
*t<m<- 
I . 1 
I-. 

A C a r p e n t e r : In f f e T d m o E s tram t o o t in g to F o u n d a tio n N o 
J o b T o o S m a ll) P r o c E s t 
A ll 
W ork G u a ra n te e d 927 5824 
, 
J 
L J B 
____ y e nd stacked for SIS, 924 4924 
C a r p e n t r y , r e a lm # , e ll t y p e s [ P B M W O O D p re p a re for th * tu re p a irs. P r ic e * ye a c e n a ffo rd ta re G e e d M e s a u if * w o a d Y o u 
P r e * E st *5 *8 2 4 4 jhaul 548 (g u a r anteed U S M e a 

S 
S p 
* 
1^ f f A f l S 
E n w 
- a f e s a 
------------ ------- 
P ic k u p af 9159 5 P re sa. *13 2*86 

 n r g T T Q g w 6 6 6 . need c h a m 
£ r 3 t e a J I lab t e S ^ W I s o * e nd truck >34 6475 f l h W I . ____________________________ 
C a r p e n t r y w e r k '. " N * tab too 
FO U NDATIO NS sm aH ! Conc ro le ro utin g *27 415) 

 w u u lily c a r p e n tr y w o rk , I t y r * J U ^e u n d a rio n N o u s * "sTveTine. e x p e rie n c e 
P r e * E s t A ll w o rk P p p p d e tie n R - o a ir 
E x p e r ie n c e g u e ronteed 313 9384 a n d Rehable, 822 1715 

DOV Of N it* 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C I A L I T Y 
♦ S A W S 

MoVIM6? 
Ceti 4S* 1879. 
TRF RETT H O V IK CO. 
Wilt OO m o v in g u i J how ling Y a rd w t p . 8 3 * 1418 
________________ 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 

ALUMINUM FACTORY 

G e n e r a l C o n tra c to rs, H e n ry 
R u n a n d O e a r g e 
P e le y . 
S p e c ia t iim g in a il ty p e s of c o n c r e t e e n d m e ta l w o rk . 
D riv e w a y s, sid ew alks, patios, s t o r a g e r e a m s , c a r p o r t s , b u r g la r * w indow t u o r d s and c y c lo n e ( e n c in a p lu s e th e r h e m e im p r o v e m e n t * . C ern m o icioi end resid e ntia l F re e e s t im a t e s 
C a ll 
* 3 2 * 4 3 * betw een *a m 4p m or 433 563 j atter tom 

T a 'i N T T 'R 'b 
I P R I D E 
F re e E st 42* 4574 
P oin N n « 1$ y r s expe rie nce F re e 
E st N o lob to sm all C le on w ork 
533-8329 o r 328-9917, 
I 
R o o f in g o n d P a in t in g , F r e e 
E stim a te s 214 2921 or 923 7379 

I Sat!s(action Guaranteed 
C w t Lie 655-3441_________ 

P L U M B IN G 

'aT l ' F i u m b .n A j o b s 
7 d o ,;. tow p rice*. 433-811* 
* M o sie r P lu m b e r 
R e p a irs gn u r e m o d e lin g 
C o ll 
R i c h a r d , 
717 5414 o r 415 4*4 * 
I 
D O vlS u l i l i D A P L u M t t f c , 
R H .a b le B on d ed 81 *8 7 *1 
M 
A i m n u t f i n n v i f H L a w 
O V E R 
H E A D . 
119 59 
H r I 
’ Licensed bonded *53 3423_______ | 
P lu m b in g R e p a irs. Reniud.TTnzT 
Additions. R e ason a b le F r e t Est. 
43489R9. 
I 

W e c n sw e r yo u r col! letkl Sew ers. leaky faucets, w ater heaters, a n y 
| type re p a ir or new in sta lla tio n ■ 
I T e x a s P lu m b in g C t , in c 
418 A b M jP d w jM ^ O i^ n y tim ^ lT A J t ia T ^ 

PLOW ING B U LLD O ZIN G • 
E X C A V A T IN G 

( f O iV o M iJ k ^ r . E k J H d w i n T 
A N O T IL L IN G C A L L 92*3117 

C u t-T rim H a u l 
D A V IS 737 14(3 f O t - K 5 4948894 
V ree s trim m e d c h *o p 
->$48926 
T re e s trim m e d , io u u rd, re m o v e 
-j 1 11-pc no.ji.ng 214-1233 att 4 

TV R E P A IR S - R E N T A L S 

" T m 
T 
T 
O 
A m 
. ) o i T T 
Honest L ow P r u e * 92 *974 4 

Y A R D W ORK 

F o n u n e r c m f T i n r s f d ^ ^ ^ 
I cleaning, hauling, tre e s trim m e d 
I 423-1113 

O e g e n d a b lt Y a r d m a n , F le w e r 
Reds. u g h ) H aul. G e n e ra ) cteon m g 234 4441 
P r o f e s s io n a l y g r d w o r k . I r e * trim m in g , t e r t iliiin g , la n d s c a p m g . (lo w e r b e d s, s p r a y i n g at ya rd s, rea so n ab le p rices, 
141 5434 
'Iroot, L aw ns. H o d ge s. Y rim m e d a nd H auled R e o se n a b le 531-9741. 

And it's eaiyF Just call ut today and w e 'll put your lo w cost ad in print. 

For antra cath, tall that mower ,. . now! 

C a ll 225-1666 

 f San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday February 27 1977 
P a g e I I - C 

 w fo A ig g r w B n m 

111-D eaths 

LY R O 
M r* . R o u t L y re . N I I K a is e r O r., p a sse d a w a y in a lo c a l h o s p ita l 
F rid a y Fab. IS. If7 7 at the a v e at 
4* year* . S u rv iv o r* . O a u a h te rt. 
M r* . C h a r lie “ V ic k ie " H u g g in s , 
M r* C la ra H o trlc h . M r * L e o n a rd 
• 'M a ry " S k lo ss. C ity . M r* . T. L . 
"S o o h le " H e ste r. B ry a n , T e x a s . son*. F lo re n an d A ie l* T. L y ro , 
C ity ; s itte r. M r*. M in n e Z oboros kl. S eg u in , b ro th e rs , P e te C lorn pe» uh, SI. H e d w ig . A n to n C la m ­ per Ilk. Jourdanton.- M g ro n d c h ii d r e n ; l l g r e a t g r a n d c h lt d r t d 
M rs t y r o w a s a P o s t M e m b e r of 
St. G e r a r d '* A lt a r S o c ie ty . R o to ry w ill be re cite d in A n o u n o u lio n C a th o lic C h u rc h in St. H od w ig. Sunday. Feb. 17 at I OO p .rn 
F u n e ra l M a t t w ill be o tte re d at 
J: IS p rn. w ith H ey. F ra n k P o tte r os C e leb ra n t. T h e In term en t w ill fo llo w In St 
H e d w ig C a t h o lic 
C e m e te ry P a llb e a r e r * w ill be j g r a n d s o n s 
T h e f a m ily a p j p r e d a t e * th e b e o u tv a n d te n i ttm rn l e xp re sse d in flow e r*, b u l 
, d e sire s that do n a tion s be m ad e to 
The M e m o ria l F u n d of A n n u n cio 
\ tion C a th o lic C h u rch , P O bo * I, 
- St H edw ig. T e x a s /B ISI. A rra n 
I dem ent* w ith 

 l i t — D e a t h s 

GENUINE FRIGIDAIRE 
PARTS AND ACCESSORIES 
SOLD AT 
STRAUS-FRANK CO 
FRIGIDAIRE PARTS DEPARTMENT 

TO PU C! YOUR AD CALL Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

§4o LIVESTOCK EEH SEEPS 
94o LIVESTOCK FRO SUBS 

A g e d b u c k s k in g tr b ro o d m a re , 
14 3H, gen tle I 484-H BI 
J O H N S O N G R A S S T hIA V , u n d e r root SI.IS. *35 8725 r g r v u T e s y A B T r o j n & Y H S w m a n a g e m e n t. H o rs e * b o a rd e d , g en tled an d tra in e d 494 8917 

A H A L E T R A I L E R S 
H a rte Stock an d G o o se n e ck 
N ew an d U se d ; fo r S ale o r R e nt 
A lso teed B a rre ls w ith L id s 
S L I M P O IL CO . O ff IH 37 
S33-S151 
6o4 
C a ro lin a nile* 
____________ 344-7215______________ 
A p p a lo o s a G e ld in g R e g 
S y r . 
W h ite w ith B la c k sp o ts. G e n tle 
$4oo 
T r o lle r 2 w h e e l c u s to m 
Q u ick Sole $375 I 755 81o3_______ 
A p p alo o sa , g tr, m a re * an d M ile s , s o m e b r e d lo P r in c e P la u d it - 
Jo k e r B Stud, 341-o344 o fte r lp m 

 firllrrm t lOOO So W W Whir# Rd 
137-4o61 
936 DOGS CATS BIRDS PETS 

M C R A E 
M r s G e n e v ie v e M c R a e o f 111 
B rig h to n st.. Son A ntonio. Te«a* entered into re st at the age of 14 y e a rs in a lo ca l h osp ita l S u rv iv e d bv her sons. R ic h a rd . R oy, J o c k , 
R o b ert an d Joh n M cR a e . She a lso le a v e s 19 g ra n d c h ild re n a n d IO g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n , a lto a host o l f r ie n d s a n d lo v e d o n e t w h o loved her R o s a ry w ill be re cite d 
S u n d ay. F e b 
37 a l / .JO p m . a l 
B ru o k e h ill C h ap els. M as* w ill be ottered M o n d a y , F e b 28 at IO OO a rn at St L eo * C a th o lic Ch u r ch w ith b u ria l to fo llo w at San P e r 
Unrule C e rin -tin y 
A rra n g e m e n ts with 

A A A K C S H IH T Z U P U P S 
M g le s. fem a les, shots 342 /o3o 

 a A a k i m r i f i u P u p p ie s, M a le s 
SSS. Fem ote* $12o 433-2o4o 
A A -A $ t£ V a rk It f»ups, m a le $1oo, te m ple $25o 633 2o4o_____________ 

A d o ra b le A K C Y o rk ie P u p p ie s 
534-USS e A K C A F G H A N S * 
Top Q u ality 
498 2/o8 
. A k e A l b H A N S * ------------ 
P u p s • Stud S erv. * 344-/28o att. 6 
' A k e A F 6 H A ^ C h o m p Lines 
453-9484 

FO R FAST 
, 
RESULTS ... * 
P la ce Y o u r 
P e t A d T o d a yl 

B a b y C a lv e s S io $5o. G r a s s 
C a lv e s $4o-511o 922-8449 ________ 
B lo nk en ship B ra h m a n b o o th 
R e g B ra h m a n B u lls , v e ry gentle. 
512 824 97/3. 42/ 2281_____________ 
B r ig h t J o h n s o n 'G r a s s H a y in 
B a rn $45 a T o n . J a c k M m n e y , 
Q u em ado 1-757-1329 

W . PEDEN, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
223-9576 

782o4 

M iss M o o re 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

F A R M A R A N C H R E A L T O R S 
‘'D e p en d a b le S ince 1935" 
4o/ N Z a rro m o ra . 432 7881 
<4 > 
A 
M o n t h ft e g 
P r a n g u t 
H itte r* A fte r 7, 1-779 3431 f m o* old pig*, e x tra good stock 
$3o 449 1217 
NO I F o rtu n e d C o a stal B e rm u d a 
H ay. S u th e rla n d S p rin g s !.75 p e r bat* in ba rn , m in im u m 25 bales. 
224-o141.________________________ 
N u b an and A lp in e M ilk G o a ts ta r sale 334 2448 

C h ih u a h u a Pu p p ie s. H a ir po o d le s, 
S m a ll 924 77o9.___________________ 
C h a w P u p p ie s , b e a u tifu l, g o od w atch dogs I 445 3o78____________ 
C o rk e r S p a n ie l, A K C , m a le pu p pie, $75 633 2729________________ 
D o c h 'h u n d , m in ia tu re 4 mo*. $35 
D oghouse SIO 653 3691 
D a p p le d a c h s h u n d s F o r S o le ; 
1542 W M a g n o lia , 732 7287 
D o b e r m a n P in s c h e r fe m a le 7 m o * . P a p e r s , a l l s h o ts , e a r s trim m e d ta ll do cked, $15o 822 1873 
D o b e rm a n P u p p ie s , A K C R e g 
Ch. B lo o d lin e s, R e d s and B la c k s , 
Shots, to ils do cked 1 379 6367___ 
F u li b lo o d e d G e rm a n S h e p a rd s fo r sole, 734 3872__________________ 
G E R M A N S H E P H E R D P u p s 
A K C 
R eg 
G ood 
B lo o d lin e s 
9 
2 
3 
- 5 
2 
6 
o 
____________ 
G e r m a n S h o r th a ir e d P o in te r s , 
Ch S ire d E lm e n d o rf I 393-4754 
6 6 lb f e H f t f e f f t l^ f e f e 'P u p p ie s. 
3 m o i A K C $75 826-7443__________ 
G i eof D an e s fteg. L o w e st p ric e s in town 922 2o86. oft 12 noon 

G R E A T D A N E S 
C h a m p io n s ire d I 755-4496 
G re a t D a n e s, to w n la m , b rin d le m ole. F in e dogs 673-o154__________ 
.H all A la s k a n H u sk y h a lf G e rm a n 
S h e p h e rd , a lso A K C poodles SSO up, s h o ts 
J o n e s P o o d le S h o p , 
Seguin, I 379-oo12. 
I N D IV ID U A L I Z E D 
O B E D I E N C E T R A I N I N G 
In Y o u r O w n H om e 
433-3623_____________ 
L o v e a b le p o rt S heph erd an d p a rt 
C o llie , 
2 'yy r* . 
654-4344 atte r 
5 3 
o p m 
______________ 

1 M a le A K C R e g . C h ih u a h u a 
P u p p y $75 674 2218_______________ 
2 m a le C h 
B lo o d lin e S h e tla n d 
Sheepdogs (S h e ltie s) I ’ > m as. a ll shots. P e d ig re e . 1-425-4324._______ 

$18 9$ p e r so 
F L O W E R S L S R CO 
2547 G o l i a d _________ 333 6171 
E k e . b a b y sitte r D un M a re 16 y rs, kn ow s b a rre ls , poles, good fo r the you n gest of rid e rs $4oo. I 232 53o8 atte r 4 JO w e e k d a y s an d a n y tim e w eekends. 
F E L P S H 6 A 4 te , 4 + 6 c k ------- 
A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A I L E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , a n d 
T ra ile r R e n tals, 443o H w y 9o E a s t 
(S W W W hite R d ) 333 1611 
F e rtiliz e d C o a sta l i i 65 S u lp h u r 
S prtn as R d 5 m i E a s t F M ISIS. 
653 679o___________________________ 

F E R T I L I Z E D J o h n s o n G r a s s 
H ay. $1 25 ba le 826-1144 
F fete T IL IZ fe D C O A S T A L H A V , 
S to r e d in s h e d . $ 1 .7 5 a b a le . 
533-5145. o f t 6 o n d w e e k e n d s . 
677 817o, 677-8216_________________ 
F e rtiliz e d C o a stal H ay $1 25 B a le ' ra in d a m a g e d In sta ck . S E B ey ar 655-8936. 
F E R T H l i e R S B u lk an d sa ck e d 
S p re a d e rs on d s p re a d e r tru c k s 
M ire * F lre a n t B o lt 
L Y T L E F E E D A N D S E E D 
422 3472 
1-772 3231 

. O ft B a n d e ra Rd. 1-535-4126 
Aft<! B A S S E T j^uppy R o re re d 
1 w hite m ale , long e ars. 
Shots. 
822 54o1 
________________ 
A K C 'B lo c k G re a t D an e, m ale , 5 i m ot, $1oo, 494-2151. l i c e (H ark I abt ador P u p p ie s to r ! s a le . 
B o t h 
P a r e n t s t r a in e d h u n te rs 684-1226 or 684-53o9 
A k e B o n o ! (R u s sia n W olfh ou n d) fem . IV i m o t. 432-53o9____________ 
A K C B ritta n y S p a n ie l m a le pu p 
C o ll 655-44o6. 
A k e B u ff L o c k e r S pan ie l P u p p ie s 
Ch. B lo o d lin e $125. 658-68oo a fte r 5 p m _______________________________ 

A K C C h a m p io n S ire d W e im a r - an e r P u ppies $6o 453-74o9_______ 

A K C Chow , b io tic, m ale , 8 w e e k t, 
1-538 3o48 a fte r 4 P M . 
A K C C O L L I E S , $125 
661-38o7 
A K C t d i- L lE S , Ch S ire d 
623-4511 
A K C E n g lis h S p r in g e r S p a n ie l p u p s , c h a m p io n s ire d , shots, e y ­ e d Q uality, I w k s old, snow , pet, hunt, re ason ab le . 
735-161$ or 
924 8146 
S T cc" E ngfi's ti- B u ll d og p u p p ie s . 
B e au tifu l. M o le an d fem a le. $3oo an d up 681o387, 
A K C G e rm a n S h e p h e rd Pu p p ie s, 
In te rn 'l Ch. B lo o d lin e 4S3-27S1 r i c e 
H A h i IS A U IN 
A h i A T 
D A N E P U P P I E S 648 1243 
A K i (ris k S etter P u p s 
6$ $-9192______________ 
A K C ir is h S etter p u p p ie s 
7 w k* 
V e r y h e a lt h y , $85 m a le s . $75 
Fe m a le s. 494-5456 D am a n d S ire sam e loca tion 
A k e IR IS H S e tte rs 
C h a m p io n I 
B lo od lin e s 6 w e eks 492-1122_______ 
A K C L A B R A D O R P U P S 
Ch. lin e s $85. 826-3393 
A K b L H A S O A P S O P U P S 
A lso S T U D S E R V IC E 364 8ooo 
A K C N o rw e g ia n E lk h o u n d Pu p s, v e r y r e a s o n a b le , m a le s a n d fe m a le s 684-2272 
______________ 
A K C P e k in g e se P u p p ie s. R e ason ab le 532-6239 
A F C Poo d iih T U i E u ro o e a n B re d 
9 w k* 623-4511 i 
A K C R e g b a s s e t A v o w a b le to r 
I Stud S e rv ic e 674-26o8 
; A K C R e g B ritta n y S p a n ie l P u p - 
I p ie s tor Sole. 732 49o4____________ 
I A K C R eg Chow C how . I m o ‘e 2 jte m 
Ch 
B lo o d lin e . 
1-896-1181 
I K e rrv ille m r r e g is t e r e d G e r m a n S h e - 
J p h e rd Stud se rv ice . 735-4972 
- j 
A i r T T A M A T f F P T j i P ^ 
J 
$75 U P 922 3943 
U A K C St 
B e rn a rd 5 y rs, fe m a le j| M u st S e lf 826 6522 
_________ 
A K C T in y T o y P o o d le s 
1 
657 o38)______________ i i A K C t o y P o o d le p u p p ie s S ilv e r i i ti*1o!)1* w<,lf 
*tud 653 o)22 
JI A K C 
W e im o r o n e r 
P u p p ie s , 
I i S ilv e r. 45$-64o4 ; 73S-5642. 
Iii " a k Z V o 'riV e P u p ;;" Stud W v lc e 
2 
715-4451, 7$6-2738_________ rn A k ilo s ( S t a r D o g s) 
E v e g u o rd 
* on d fa m ily dog. 
F a r 
Sal*. l l 473-21o8. 
_____________ 
■' A m e n t on E s k im o it) ti p u p p ie s, i 
J w ggks, $*# 822 o575 
__________ 
J B o V x e F P u p p ie s, T ri C o lo r, Shots 
I an d w o rm ed. 
$$o an d 
$75 
I 611-3865 
J fceou lilu ! Oog, B e u l.il,T B e a u tifu l 
" P u p p ie s I w k s o ld , K e e s h o n d 
I A K C , fo r s o le 814-993)__________ 
I b e a u tifu l la y P o m e ra n ia n , A K C 
I *****’ » » 49o-o96o 
B lo . s ond T a n A h i G e rm a n She 
I p h e rd p u pp ie s 428 1 3o2 
» a a h A i i r z A U i r r p u p s a r f 
^ R e g HOO 649-1224 la r T o T T y r old m o lt , b e a u tifu l 
* dog. W o n d e rfu l p e l C o m p le te ly 
I h o u s e b r o k e n G r e a t w ith c h il- 

 i 
»’ *> ******** 
, C h o m p io n S ir e d W e im o r o n e r 
* P u p p ie s E lm e n d o rf l-j9 j-4 7 $4 
I d b ' i r e d T m ; U k C Toy Fo.~ T ^ r 
I rte rt. F e y T e rrie rs 661 38o7 

H r i w k c h i U 
§o9 PANI BROKERS 
92S-752J 

M ILN ER 
W ayne M iln e r, ope 44, of R ou te l l , 
I B °* J3oC, p a sse d a w n y F rid a y , 
J F o b 25, 1977 M w m bei H a rm o n y 
H ills B a p tis t C h u rc h S u rv iv o rs 
W ife, D oroth y M iln e r; d a u p h in !* . 
S h e r r y M iln e r , S a n d y M iln e r , 
C a th y M iln e r, and C in d y M iln e r, a ll of S on A n to n io ; son. W a yn e 
M iln e r, J r of San A n ton io, style. . 
M r s la v e ! ne b ic lin i a of P e n n 
S y lv a n ia , bi alhet 
Tom M iln e r ut 
Son A n to n in F u n e r a l S e r v ic e s 
M o n d a y , I OO p rn in M is s io n 
P o rk F u n e ra l C h a p e l w ith R e v 
W ayn e B e r k s h ir e o fh cta tin p In fe rm e n t lo fo llo w In M is s io n B u 
MOI P a rk A rra n g e m e n ts by 

S.A/s LARGEST 
VOLUME DEALER 
IS BUYING A SELLING 
« * * * * « * * * • * * * * # # * # 
U.S. SILVER COINS 
(CAU KW DAUT HUCH) 
4o% SIVER 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965-7o 
(UU FOR DAUT PRICES) 
Confidential Cash Payment 
U S. & Foreign Gold coins for in 
Notion hedging (Expert advice.) 
PAYIN G TOP DOLLAR 
FOR CLASS RINGS 
A DENTAL GOLD 
Selling Quality it Jew elry it 
A t W holesale Prices 
(Dealers In v ite d ) 
I oz. to IOO oz. .999 
N M I S tiV H BARS 
Buying A Selling RAM COINS ond coin collections — U.S. & foreign — U S. Silver Dollars. 
Poying S3.SO ond up. 
Wartime Silver Nickels 
Silver Nickels, Anything Geld or Silver — Jewelry, Dia­ mond*, Platinum, Watches, 
Sterling Silverware Antiques. 
Etc 
(Highest Prim Paid) 
RAM PAPER MONEY A 
Mexican, Canadian A Silver coin* from any country — 
Gold coms from any country 
CUSTOM Designed Gold coin jewelry. 

AUTHENTIC IN D IA N J E W d R V 
S A V I T IM !— C A U USU 
Tor T ro f« itio m ii Service 
Riverside Coin Co. 
431 I. Com m erce 
By Th# River 
2 1 5 -4 9 6 3 
I I S - 6 9 8 1 , I I S - 1996 
P le a se Coll Or Write Fer f t f f Premium Coin 
B u yin g I n t 

H O R S E SH O W 
S un d ay Feb. 27, 1oam 
B C S M P F oo te r R d ond 181 South 
Pin to, g e ldin g. S p irite d bu t gentle, 
525o 494-72o4 a fte r 5 pm A n y tim e or W e e k e n d s ______________________ 
P r e tt y , s o u n d IO y r o ld m a r e . 
Show n E n g lis h o v e r fence* an d on the fla t C a n go W e ste rn N ee d s rid e r w ith som e e x p e rie n ce . $75o 
826-6721 a fte r 
6pm 
342 $148 an ytim e .________ _____________ 
P u re b re d A i O bion S iu d S ervice " 
F e e $75 lo o t h e r b r e e d s o r 
' .A ra b s $25o to A ra b s 656 oo2o; 
656 3236 
P u re b re d A ra b ia n F illy 
I 336 J J U 
Q u e rie r h orse, b o rre l w ith flax en m an e an d ta il W e ll tra in e d 5 y r. 
Old, $475 658 9831 
(8 R E G 
B R A H M A N B U L L X 
G en tle 19 23 MOS 6)3 o867________ 
R. q iste re d Pou t) F illy , 9 m o i old. 
H a lt e r b r o k e n 
O e n fte 
$45o. 
I 257 3889 K e r r v ille _______________ 
R e g ls t e r e d d o ln m .n o m o r e ’, b e a u t if u l. 15 3 b a n d s , s m o o th , p o w e r f u l W e s t e r n E n g lis h - J - um ps. $9oo 453 26/y_______________ 
R e g N u b ia n h a ir y G o a ts , N a n ­ n ies I 3362337 
S h etlan d P o n y , e x ce lle n t d isp o se tio n fo r s m a ll c h ild r e n 
R id in g 
Pod, B rid le , etc 494 2742. 
18 S p rin g e r Cow s, w ill .F ly # in I lo 
4 w e eks $22$ $27$ e ach . S to c k e r c a lv e s 972 8469___________________ 

 sta n d in g at Stud h e a l C o n ten d e r 
A A A by T h re e C h ic k s by T h re e 
B a rs out of D eep M a r lie (T B I by 
D e p th C h a rg e IT B ) $3oo 
M a r , 
C a r e $2 OO e r d a y . F ir e M o o n 
R a n c h . B a n d e r a , T x 
7 8o o3 , 
512 769-4463. 
S m okl an d 
P h il 
K india. 

! Steel C A T T I E R A C K S for th o ft n o n ow bed p ic k u p 534 8247 
S la c k e r V o w s , S to c k e r H e lle r * and g ra ss ca lv e s 
448 1931; j 448 31oo 

MISSION P\H k 
F U N t R A t C H A R M S 
I 7 oo S I M lin e n y Dr 
F o r S o le . N u b ia n m ilk g o a ts , q u a lity bloo d lin e s. 
B o e rn e 
I 249 3663 
F o r S o le , O n e ( n il 
18 D o u b le 
G ra in D rill, $95o, I 42o 379o 

G a ite d M o re $4oo. N ew F e lp s 2 h orse tra ile r $9oo. *53-8555 atte r 
4pm________________________________ 
6 n o d used W est P a d d le s $25 $175 
16 hand Reg. 
A p p M o re $45o 
655-93o6 

H A Y D e liv e re d 
1-485 3361, I 997 3747 
H A V F 6 R S A L E 
M ix e d B lu e s tem H ay $1 7$ b a le 
I 947-337o; 
1-947 3379__________________________ 

H A V # O R S A L E , b e g a ri. 66.688 b a le s 
$12-449-1364, 
449-1191, 
449 5721. 
H O f f '.fes F O R i t l l ---------- 
695-8176 e ves, w e eke n d s 

M O O RE 
M r* . G r a c e M o o r e . 89, o f 182 
T a n sv l O r., d ie d 35th rn Son An 
•onto R e sid e n t a l San A n to n io 56 y e a rs an d m e m be r al the C a th o ln 
C h u rc h S u r v iv o r s 
D a u g h te rs , 
M r* 
M a r y M o o re S o b re s k v a l 
S a n A n t o n io o n d M r s 
H e le n 
M oo re C ro w e of B o g alu sa . LO , 5 g ra n d ! h ild r e n , 4 g r e o t g r a n d c h ild ' rn a n d s e v e ra l n iece * ond nep hew s R o s a ry w ill be re c ite d a l 8 oo p rn S un d ay 27th at R oy 
A k e rs F u n e r a l C h a p e l S e r v ic e w ill be at IO OO a rn M o n d a y 26th at R o y A k e rs F u n e ra l C h o p e l tai low ed w ith b u n o l in M is s io n Bu ria l P a rk 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
? » n O I 

A K C pu pp ies. C H s ire d C H dam 
B e a u t if u l p e d ig r e e E x c e lle n t w otch dog Stud s e rv ic e 655-2445 

N o rw e g ia n E lk h o u n d P u p s, A K C 
R e g. Ch. B lo o d lin e E x c w a tch dogs, $15o 344 171o 
6 A f e b lE N C E C L A S S E S 
F o r 
G e r m a n 
S h e p h e r d s 
R e g is t r a t io n M a r c h 3 o n d 9 
826 312o or 688 3539 

O B E D I E N C E C L A S S E S # 
C la s s e s s ta rt M a rc h 7th 
R e g istra tio n F e b 21st on d 28th 
S A O O G T R A I N I N G C L U B 
635-8734; 534 5884, 344-6o39 d B f e b lE N C E C L A S S E S 
\ 
A ll b re e d s, s ta rt M a rc h I 
M a ste r K e n n e ls, 688-3539 
" o T B T t r e L IS H ' SH f E P D O G S 
A K C , 4 w ks, 434 /864 
6 ne y e a r old fe m a le b u lld o g . A K C 
■ ... s in i d $3oo 1 723 oo71 

P a ra k e e t N e st B oxes, SO F A C M , A 
F E W B R E E D E R S , 66 1 3538 

P e k in g e s e P u p s 5 w k s, $6o ea 
G ood m a rk in g s 473-7384 
P O P P I E S h o lt S p ifi - m ale s, i i L ; fem ales. $35 623 2189 ___________ 
Reg. D o b e rm a n P in s c h e r pup*. J fem a les left C a ll a fter 6 on d wee 
I kends, 1-743-8o21 
I f t T g i m f t f t b ' S e r m o n ' t h e ab o rd P u p p ie s 124 1172 
R e g 
IO m o * m o le E n g lis h 
S p rin g e r S p an ie l 674 $367 id H N A U Z E R S A K C M IN 
H ea lth y on d B e a u tifu l 6 77 2768 
S H E L T I E S 
4 M o le s __________________ 623 2442 
S iam e se k itten s. 4 w ks oid A dor able 494 .257 i lA M E SE K IT T C N S $15 
341 o651 
CTbY r 'i a n H U I i ' r# 4.' l l w in re g , te rn a te 
P a r e n t s p o in te d 
SISO 681-3872 f U L A IR O A N e L A K C 
P u p p ie s B lu e o r B lo c k 
$15o lo $4oo. T e rm s 
I -438 1492 j U K T f t -i f " A'meT T To~n T s liI m o 
I P u ppie s. P u re W hite $1oo 34 3 o457 
— w i g r r e A K iH s s f f * — 
: S A D og B re e d e rs R e fe rra l Ser- 
| v ice w ill p u i you in tou ch with a n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r . 
494 7787. 473-44o3 

J o m e s 
H a 11 rn a r k , 
S e g u in 
I 379 7314, 379 34o3 h 5 b~< f ~'s"h 6 v v i n , . W e s t , 
M a c A rth u r H S L e is u re S ta b les, 
12 
M a r 
9 JO a.m 
E v e n in g s 
649 3512 
H y b rid S udan H a y In b a rn 31 5o 
_____________ 636-2311 
I lf you h a v e n f fo u n d th e r ig h t s t a llio n f o r y o u r m a r e , c a ll 
655 6o12 or 737 1568 A G H A po in t on d A ra b ia n a v a ila b le 

I m p l e m e n t - V e h i c l e 
O A K 
1x6 
,3$ L F 
1x6 
45 L F 
1x8 
JI L F 
2x4 
.3$ L F 
2X6 
41 L F 
3x8 
33 L F 
12 - 14, 16 L E N G T H S 
MISSION H ARD W O O D 
L U M B E R C O M P A N Y 

1 8 1 7 S O U T H P R E S A 
$34 61o7 
1-6 oo -2 92 -5 61 4 

C H A V E Z 
M r, J u a n C C h a v e l. 78, of 48o6 
F a trto rd , died F e b J* L ite re* idem of San A nton io, m e m b e r of 
S a c re d H e a rt C a th o lic C h u rc h . 
S u r v iv e rs : D a u g h te rs , M rs . E l ­ v ira A io m i, C o rp u s C h risti. T ex , 
M r s H e le n B r t e r ly . S a n J o s e , 
C a n t.; s is te rs . I r e n io Y tu o r t e , 
M a ry P e re i, Consuete M o re n o , all of San A n ton io, b ro th er. E s to van 
C h a v e ; . S a n A n t o n io ; s e v e n g ra n d c h ild re n . II g re o t g r a n d ­ ch ild re n , s e v e ra l n ie ce s an d ne phew * R o s a ry w ill be re c ite d 8 p rn S unday, F e b 27. R o y A k e rs 
F u n e ra l C hooets M a ss l l 3o p m 
M o n d a y , F e n 28, S a c re d H e a rt 
C a th o lic C h u rc h , R e y . J o h n w 
Y a n ta . C e le b ra n t in te rm e n t F t 
Sam H ouston N o tio n a l C e m e te ry 

O P IE 
M is s M a ith a Je a n O pie, ag e 49, of 
111 B u r w o od i n . d ie d F r id a y , 
F o b 25, 1977, She w as a m em bt.. et P ilg r im P re s b y te ria n C h u rc h 
S u r v iv o r s 
A u n t. M r s 
A le t h n 
O g le C oo k, W o rre n , i ll ; n u m er o u t c o u s in s M e m o r ia l S e r v ic e 
Sunday e ve n in g at 7 IO a t P ttg i im 
P r e s b y te r ia n C h u rc h , th e R e y [ 
D o n a ld F 
W a le s o f f ic ia t in g t h o s e w h o d e s ir e m a y s e n d ' m e m o ria l g ifts lo P ilg r im P r e s b v te n a n C h u rch or to the c h a rity , ot th eir ch oice . 
A i ra n g e m e n l* w ith 

 l i f t e r L o r i n g 
I l o t M cC u l l o u g h I2 7 « J ) 

S U D A N H A Y 
496 16o8 i iU D A N H A Y 35 So at 41o 
' 
SI 75 ond SI 5o 
423 4947 

 w Z n t - Y S - b u V o r 
L E a s ! 
! pean u t a llo tm e n t in A ta s co s a Co. 
I S m a ll or la rg e a c re a g e J im m y 
Seay 
P O B O X 277, P le a s a n to n , 
I Tx 7 * o64, 549 3 197 

W A n Y t 6 i u V IO i f t r a c t o r 
Tires, I 47o 279o 
J yeor oid B o ld fa c e S o o n M u le tor j sole I 54o 4251 
Y o u n g S o w s , D u ro c . 'I T r o lle r fro m * 
Y o u n g 
R o o ste rs 
$3. 
649-1224 
V b u S A W i i i a i the stoic it' 'tb ow i 
E c o n o m ic a l, c o o l S tu rd y f t r u c lu re s 
See ou r m od el 
C a d 
494-3318.________________ 
4 y r old B la c k A p p G e ld in g I) h a n d s U S O lb s 
R id e s g o o d . 
I 534 9322, 333 5479 i V ft O L D G t 'l D l U d , $ 7si - 
I 
C A L L 667 1118 
I 4 yr afd M a re , S o rre l A 6 h a Reg! 
J 2 E y e d Ja c k B lo o d lin e s 
B re d la 
' S kio I I P o in t! SISO., a en e s ix 

C R O W N 
H I L L 
A N T I Q U E S , 
D I J O N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
W A Y , o26-1991 
N ow S h ip m e n t of 
A m C o u n try F u rn itu re B la n k e t 
C h e st, S h a k e r Ite m s, T o lo w a ro , 
A r o w b a c k B e n c h , B r a t s a n d 
P e w te r, C a n d le Stand s, R o c k e rs , 
C lo ck s 

E X C E P T l b k A L I T E M £ 
C u t g la ss p itch e r an d bo w l set, p e rfe c t e xce p t 2 tm git ticks, $375; M in to fu r * , d o u b le p e d e s t a l r o ll to p desk, $5oo ; F a ir l o c a t e d J a p a n ­ ese S a m u ra i s tirru p , S JM ; S o lid b ra s s c a n a le d b o b y bed, p e rfe c t 
1425. 1-391-6616 
P ra n c A A rm o u r 
C o rs e t b a ck W a ln u t R o c k e r 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 P o lio * 

G A S LIG H T A N TIQ U ES 
1525 M C 
C U H J D U O H 
237 48o3 

 it y o u n a v e A n tiq u e s . J e w e lr y , 
D ia m o n d s , S t e r lin g , Q a id o r 
O rie n ta l R u g* to selL you Ti get the 
B e s t P r ic e fr o m S a n A n le n ig * 
Fing*» Shop 

S.A s LARGEST 

VOLUME DEALER 

IS BUYING A SELLING 
• a * * # * # * * * * # * # # * # 
U.S. SILVER COINS 
, 
(CAU fOH DART PRIGS) 
4o% SN.VER 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965-7o* 
(CAU WR DAILY FRIGS) 
. 
Cenftdwdtel Cath Payment 
U S I foreign Gold coms far in 
Hatton hedging (fxpert odvK*.) 
PAYING TOP DOLLAR 
FOR CLASS RINGS 
4 DENTAL GOLD 
Sailing Quality it Jaw atry * 
A t Who4a*ofa P rk a t 
(Deniers UtwMed) 
I az ie IOO az. 999 
PURI SIL VII BARS 
Buying A SeMng RAM COM ond (Mn wile cl tom - US. A foreign — U S. Silver Dotton Fey mg Sj SO and up 
Martian* (ilwat Mirk*!* 
YU TAT f I 
Jrff WW* 
Silv#r NkMt# AnytiimQ GfM w Stlvfff 
Dio'- if. yr i? ff*. 
o f f fig ^ 

S U T T O N S U T T O N M O R T U A R Y 
4JO N C h e rry SI 
32* 7783 
Q U IN T ER O 
M rs D o lo re s Q u in te ro e l 1o7 Too* 
O r e n tered Into re st en F e b 24, i v / ’ at the ope of Ak y e a r* lu r vivo r * 
H u sb a n d . M e d o ra # O u in ter a. sons, Joh n R e y** a n d R ou t 
R e y e s , d o u g h ie r* , O lg a O a r c io an d R u m . S olo* , b ro th e r, Je su * 
S an d o va l; ie g ra n d ! h ild r en an d $ g r e o t g r a n d c h ild r e n . S e r v ic e s w ere h eld S o tu rd o y a l S 'IO a m a l 
P a lm H eight* C h a p e l R o t a r y w ill be r e c ite d S u n d a y a t 7 .86 a m 
F u n e r a l t e r v lc e * w ill d e p a r t 
P a lm H e ig h ts M o n d a y a t 17 JO p m for a I OO p rn M a s s a t St 
Stephens C a th o lic C h u rc h In le t m e n ! w ill ta llo w a t F o r t S u m 
H ou ston N a tio n a l I erne le i y Ar ra n g em e n l* w ith 

C nntinenul Show*, Ltd 

A N T I Q U E 

S H O W ic S A L E 
H A T C H E R 
M R 
W I L L I A M 
J j f g g g 
H A T C H E R , 15o2 Santa 
M o n ico , b o rn in B a ird , 
T e x a s J u ly 7, 1893, e n fe te d re s t W e d n e s d a y . F e b 
73, 
1977 at the ane of t i y ea r* 
S E R V I C E S T U E S D A Y IO OO A M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w ith T h e R e v J H o w a rd S m ith o fficia tin g and in te rm e n t to follow 
• n F t 
S a m H o u s to n N o t io n a l 
C e m e te ry S u rv iv o rs 
Wit#, M r* 
S te lla L eo n a H a tc h e r; siste r. M rs 
H o re l S tra ssl, C ity , b ro th e r, J B 
H a t c h e r , S r ., S e g u in . T e x a s , n u m e ro u s m ac#* a n d n e p h e w s 
M r n o t c h e r w a s a m e m b e r of 
(Tok St B a p tist C h u rch , A b ile n e , 
T e x o t, T h e A m e r ic a n L e g io n , 
A la m o Po st N o 2 on d h as been a re s id e n t of Son A n to n io for the post 6o y e o rs S e rv ic e s u n der the d ir e c t io n o f a m e m b e r o f T h e 
Lelo n ( ude F a m ily of 

C O LE M A N 
E r m e l O le o C o le m a n , a g e *7 y ea r* , of 7o18 D e ig o d o St . d ie d 
F r id a y , F e b 1$. 1977 in o lo c a l h o s p ita l S u r v iv o r s 
D o u g h ie r , 
M r* . S o n d rg M M a r t in e t , son, 
Bitty Bob C o le m o n , $ s is te rs an d 4 b ro th e rs G ra v e s id e S e rv ic e s and in te rm en t W e dn esda y, IO OO a rn a t F o r t S a m H o u sto n N o tio n a l 
C e m e te ry A rra n g e m e n ts w ith 

K i l n 
. 

SAN ANTONIO 
Convtntion Cantor 

S. Alamo t Markot 
MARCH 4-5-6 

H # Sat. 1.9 PJI. 
Sun. 1 4 RJI. 
I RoM Admission 
Good For AN 3 Days. 
NATION'S TOR 
DEALERS 

25o lo in It a l new 4 25o tom !* of new 8 C la s s 15o A lu m in u m P ip e 
A lso D e fro lf D ie se l P u m p in g U n it 
Tm* »tuff is a b o r gam . I in te nd to sell It, if you con g e l up y ou r n erv e o n d y o u r w ife s p e rm is s io n C a ll 
M e 
A rc h C 
H olden 
695-o9o$; 
*95 33o5 

H u m m e r s 
■ s e r a l D i r e c t o r s 
I M — F u n e r a l D i r e c t o r s 

& o u t f i * i b e 

F U N E R A L H O M 
E 

6 3 o 1 S . F L O R I S 

9 3 3 . 6 3 3 9 john M Grimes, Director 

P a l m p r t g l? ! * 
A N G E L U S F U N E R A L H O M E 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
6o2 W H ouston 
717 I #* I 
B X U B P L A N S 
A N T I Q U E 
S H O W 
S P E C ­ 
T A C U L A R , S an A n to n io C o n v e n ­ tion C enter. M A R . « 5 * P a r sp o re e r m fg. A m e ric a 's L a rg e s t, F in ­ e s t A n t iq u e S h o w P r o m o t io n 
C o m p o n y , C o n t in e n ta l S h o w s , 
L T D . 8o6 352 77S2 

R A N N E Y 
C h u rly* B o n n e y p a sse d a w a y So lur Oily. F e b 34, 197/ in a a A u stin h o s p it a l 
A r r a n g e m e n t * a r e pen din g w ith 

- • A N N U A L S P R I N G S A L E : 
A n tiqu es^ C ollectibles 
R e d u ce d U p to $6% B a lo w L is t 
KFS U M a rc h to 3 A p ril, 
C a la m it y 
J a n e *56 
H w y 71 
Sc h e rti, Ta. 658-7712. re r )6'b t AUIT16U------- 
S un d ay, F o b 27, 1:36 P M 
G o ry '* Antique' A u ctio n H ouse 
.L o c k h a rt, T x - C o lt 398 1761 

M IS S IO N P S N K 
I U N I B A t C H A b t l 5 
I 7 oo S I M a tte ry Or 

 m 
. £ fto o m o u a 
FUNERAL HOME 

P r e - M o o d A r r a n g e m e n t s 

J 1 1 G v o d d u p a S t. 
2 2 6 -6 1 1 1 

In. 

(Highest P ik e s Paid) 

BAXI PAPER M o N IY 

M in ion , (on«hon I Silver (oms 
♦rom gny country — Gold (oms from any .ounfry - CUSTOM 
Designed Geld (bin ie we try 

AU T H *NTIC IN D IA N JfW ILRT 
S A V I T IM ! — C A U USM fo r F re fe s U e n o ! S e rv ic e 
Riverside Coin Co. 
431 E. Com merce 
By The River 
215 .4 96 3 
315 -6 98 1. 7 3 1 -1 99 * 

§4? 
F i n s t r o l l S w ifts 

I 14*o D ie s e l F o r m a n T r a c t o r , I 
1 S up er H T ra c to r p la n te r ond cut tivotor, 1-4 Row C u ltiv a to r to. 8o4 
: or 854 T ra c to r, I- JI Ca*e S h red d e r, I F T 
I N O 8 loose g ro u n d a t t a c h m e n t s l l b o tto m M B plow C o ll I 9*5-7*o7 or I 945-7512 
I O F F I C E ________ __________________ 

I 
B u c y r u s E r i e m o d e l S O L ■' d r illin g m a c h in a , w a te r o r o il, 
4S5-1IoI a r 651 4118 t A T f e f t p ) L L I i r W ) t F R D 5 ft Sr 
S al* L ik e now. o n ly 126o h o u rs 
C o ll 1-713-466-4664 
C o lo s s i r . a x c a v u to r w ith R ip p e r an d ca no py Ju st 714 h o u rs sin ce new $4$,ooo. 623 2311, 475 713) 
6 Y ^ l l M 
» r W 
T r .n c h « r w ith off set a tta ch m e n t* $1154. In ter n a t io n a l M o d e l 2444 T r a c t o r 
L o a d e r 
B o cE h o e in e xc cond 
I $956 
T H E T O R O S E S O N CO 
$33 SI4S, 739 Steve* b i n i t w i t c h ; i i bp. $<i6o or be*t offer * 8)1 )4 9 . 
D r a g lin e fo r s o le . it e o v y O u fy 
B u c y ru s 36-E L ik e new . on ly 1oo6 h o u rs 44 B o m i , I' j y a rd b u ck e t 
C o ll 
I7 I3 4 6 M 4 6 4 

 iHax Martin** 

J u S T A R R I V E o 

 f r o m E U R O P E 
4o F T V A N L O A D 
N ew an d O ld Shop lo5 W A sh b y n e a r S A C p a r k in g in r e a r , 
7 3 1 -C 6 Io 
H a n d m a d e q u ilt s , c o v e r le t !# * , p la n t a t io n b e lls , p a in tin g s , c h e st, ta b le s , d in in g roo m suite, IO c h o irs M is c_______ 
D edicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

277 3136 
Riche Saunders 
A ft (?) 
Chapels 

L J L J L J 1 3 9 N S t M a r y * 

O r d e r fro m o u r C o to lo g s , c o s t p lu s 16%. I to 5 d ov d e liv e ry U se d 
T r a c t o r a n d E q u ip m e n t S o le 
D O D G E N E Q U I P M E N T C O . 8213 
S P re sa . 531-4151 
E X B 'm a 'L L " h ~ P I 6 " g o o d (o n 
Billon $85o 695 9718 
R Xftfvi- T f t A ^ l b R i 
Joh n ~t)eere, 
$4$ in t l H a rv e s te r, $42$, M in - e u p p o lis M o lin e , $7$6 9159 S 
P re s a *33 7*oo 
F o r a i i i offset' d isc s u b * K in g 
9ft C h n s rt $766 327 5714 

A N T IQ U E S A N O C L O C K S 
2617 A U S T IN H W Y ., 4SS-**«I 

X H Tl S t i i " v i o l a by 7 io 'F o o?a 
M a g * ....ie , m o d * b e tw e e n 156o a n d 1*32. B e st o ffe r S e rio u s in- q u ire s u n iv 9346924______________ 

O P A S A N T I Q U E S 
22o3 S H a c k b e rry 

P H in v i& R A N . H a SO*8------ 
A P P R A I S E B U Y S E L L 
L I C E N S E D E S T A T E 
L IQ U I D A T O R R E F E R E N C E S 

22$ 57JI 
N A la m o at B ro o k ly n 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Tw in, F u ll, Q ueen, K m g s iie 
S O L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
36-691$___________ I I H B ro o d w o y 
Q U E E N ' S A N T I Q U E S 
2669 F re d e ric k s b u rg 
H o u rs: 9 $ 
T A T T E N O a n Y i6 u #4-------- 
O ak sid eb o o rd . R o llto p desk tn C o lq n ie s N o rth M a ll 
B E S S ' A N T I Q U E S 
545o O ld S eguin Rd., 641-5562 
A L L S I Z f f - A L L T Y P E S 
B ro u b o ch E q u ip m e n t, 73* 1*59 
O o l.o n 1956 m u if# I T SU7) m otor g ro d e r. 53566 C a se 56o. 564• and 
686 f r a c lo r - lg e d e r b a c k h o e s , 
$7956 to 511.566 C o te 656 lo o d e r, 
4 in I b u ck e t; rip p e r, in e x ce lle n t con dition h ou r m e te r 771, 524.5oo 
COH Tom M c C a b e 913-4153 G ir a r d 
M a c h in e ry 
A 
S u p p ly 
3428; 
R oo se velt 
____________ 

32 G O O S E N E C K 
A m P p b f a c t o r y b u ilt, ta n d e m a x le , dual wheel*, 75ox1* ru b b e r. ru m p* 53756 695 9118. d u n ii* m a c h in * lu r b u ild in g s w im m in g poet* 57.566 g a rb a g e d is p o s a l tru c k . $4166 
$66 C o se tra cto r $4566. w ith 4 VSI h y d ra u lic sc ra p e r 53o6o. b o ck ho* $56oo. o ir I co n d itio n ed O llie* b u ild in g $1 86o 
C a ll 214 **61 a r com * by 2942 E 
H ouston. 

 f i 'u n 'fe 'r ' yiil b e e I " A lig n m e n t M o c h in e OIB-1974 

} j o h n D e e r * T r e e L o a d e r s 
1 J O M o d e l 446 w ith 271 D e tro it 
D ie s e l. I yd b u c k e t w ith rip p e r 
$3456 I- J O MIO , 4 c y lin d e r, ga s engine. I yd b u ck e t $1756 I J O 
M o d el toto w ith 4 c y lin d e r D ie se l e ng ine $4256 These M a c h in e s a re in quod co n d itio n 695 9116 
2 L a r g e A i r H o m m e r t , J A ir 
T a m p e rs. I I " D riv e A ir E m p a ct 
W re n c h G re a s e E a u ip t , t tOft. 
$yd G otten D u m p A ,dy. 344 4711 
I a"(ii.,. I ~ -u a ip , m o th T o il Ire# l OOO ilBO Q Se e xt 3699 
: 
M e ta l L p ih e s O u r So ne la ity 
; C L A U S IN G A A T L A S S T O C K E D 
T H E M A C H I N E R Y E X C H A N G E 
W I! » O L I V E 
$31-6411 
2 N A I L E R S * led 
________ * 71-8$ll, l-r$ t-3 6 M 

IN an d 9N w ilh new ond used im p ie m e n is 37o1 $ F io re * 

 iH 6 I t A lii* c b a im e r t Y ro c io r ond j D o te r IOU R oot Plow , G ood Con id ilto n $12-444 137o t o ll e ve n in g s 

1866 I H on go*, very cle a n G oad ru b b e r 474 15o4 
In Y l h a V "i f t iW p e fc i-------- 
I 
*66-6616 
IO O John D eere, ond * a u ip m e n i 
'*7 $-6541 aft lib H i* jO H t T o E t T E------ 
D iese l, *36-6/11 
JaSift b a e re fro n t en^ 2 row m e ta l b u lle r. 4 row cu H lvalO r. 342 3o61 jo h n D e e re U i. d * l A , e le c t r ic c lo it, 3 pent h ookup, new engine 
$16oo I 742 3*14 e ve s L o co * l* 
J oh ii Deer# N * I t i l l 7 w ov plow 
Sell Bf T ra d * tar c a lv e s 464 o5*6 lev** 
J u k i We F o rd T ra c to r, pood c(Tan i an Billon 923 6461 
Iu f t d i i i i i m b N a r u 's i 'd 
M F o r d D ie s e l T r a c t o r s 
E W A L D 
F O R D T R A C T O R , IH 16, H w y 46, 
, Seguin, T x I 379-4591 
M A s t e v ^ fcif g u i g j b i u i f f f 
I J pf hook up EXC cand 
$1656 i ’ 49 9311 
. 4" M e y e rs ftu m p I lip 3 H r w ltfi'I " pipe end rods, c y lin d e r $ hp Sub 
I m e rg ib le JOO' 169 4 S u b m e rg ib le 
, 
W ire I hp S u b m e rg ib le w ith I V 

S O L O M O N 
Joe Solom on, ag* 67, gf 7566 C o l 
•Ration R d . d ie d S a tu rd a y 
F#b 
I*. 1977 S u r v iv o r s : D a u g h te r, b r l A rth u r R e b rn o w iti; g ra n d c h ild re n . M r on d M r s Jag P u t ten. M r an d M rs b e rn a rd R o b in aw d;. M r and M r s A lie n F a lle n , a ll of San A n ton ia. M r an d M r* 
W illia m S ig n * , M r . g a d M i* 
L a r r y L e v a , a ll of H o u lto n Tx „ 
M otor an d M rs M e n d e l Salom on. 
F I. L e a v e n w o r t h . K e n t o n 14 a r e a l g r a n d c h ild r e n 
M r 
Solom on wa* te n t to L e v y B ro s 
F u n e r a l H o m e fa r t a r v ic e o n d in te rm e n t A rra n g e m e n t* w ith 

I 'G v - ffc’ t t A p f t h i i i f e -------- 
B e st P ric e * P a id ta i A n tiq u e s 
P H I L W IL L B O R N 
T O W N A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
624-2749 3669 A ro o d w o y 735 2414 
A n tiq u e s A c c e s s o rie s C o ile r 'u b in 
1626 T O W N S E N D , 124-3764 
A L A M O H E IG H T S 

To ie l l y ou r A n flg ue * 
O N E A N D A L L 
H e re s the n u m b e r tor you to c o il: 
433 2*66, *33 o346 (ca sh p a id ) 
J I M L I S T E R 
W A T C H T U T T I ? A 'd l K 6 A I I - 
T A T E 
S A L E 
B E G I N N I N G 
M A R C H S. 

ORGANS 

HAMMOND 
HODU85 
Fulfilling 

 need since 
1933 hvter Loring 
425 R Mew .. 224-5526 

Wonderland ,, 732-8259 

H#rtk Ste, . . . 3444248 

K 
U 
* ! * * 

U n A N T Q N tO 'S 
L a r g e s t I n d o o r 
L O C K L I N 
R a lp h M L o ck Un, ope 73, af 1*8 
W T h e re in , d ie d S a tu rd a y . F e b 
3*. 1977 
M f w a s a m e m b e r et 
■ d e n B lu e L o d a * A F O A M . S an 
L e a n d ro , C a lif S u rv iv o r* 
W ife, 
R u b y K L e c k iin . d a u g h te rs. M r* 
B a r b a r a G r a c e . S e n A m e n ia , 
M r* M e rto n P o rte r, S an D ieg o , 
C a u f , step son, Jo ck Sm ith H un im p ton. w v a , 7 g re n d cn u d re n ; b ro th e rs , jo h n l t i h im 
S a n ta b a r b a r a , C a n t . L e t te r L e c k iin , 
A lfa L e rn a , C a it f , s it t e r . M r* 
L i llia n N ic h o la s , S a n G a b r ie l, 
C a lif 
S e r v ic e M e n d e r a t l l e cle ck in the Caton, a I C h ap *) of th* P e rte r L o r m u M o rtu a ry th* 
R ev J H o w a rd S m ith o fficia tin g 
In te rm e n t in S a n to ! M e m o r ia l 
P a rk A rra n g e m e n t* w ith 

THI W A R M T H O f 
P l E S O N A l A T I I M I O V 

E v e ry S a tu rd a y S u n d ay 
N o rth W est Sho ppin g C e n te r 
3*66 B la ck F re d e ric k s b u rg R d 
B o ck Sid# at C e n te r 
P O R IN F O a r R E S E R V A T I O N S 

 m - C » r d Rf I hunks 
M rm g rlu in i f / ) H 6 6 f t ' A o F o moo o w v 7 . 
T ra c to r, p a w e r s te e rin g m a n y other a c c ito r w * V a ry tow hour* 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
$33 SU S, 739 S ie v e s 
IN a n d I N P W W Y fd 'c lg r t, Lei# 
M o d e l 3666 F o r d T r a c lo r s , 11$ a n d 1*$ M a s s e y F e rg u s o n T r a c ­ tor*. U se d P le a te r* an d C u ltiv a ­ tor* 2 a n d 4 row 
D IE T Z T R A C T O R C O 
1-179 194$ a r ASA I I M 
S II IH I* S atu rn 
I P o in t book y T T p is f b a U J ig a e r. now $14$. 9 'O rg g n a rro w , 
$75 $ 54 6956 
» 6 < k p i( , k i » : " b y a r o u n c 7 Ai r 
Ira! lift IM I N ag alite*, $ 3 4 4 7 it 

O R G A N . H a m m o n d c l w ith 2 k e y b o a rd s an d tool pe da ls, I «*na 916 a m p G o a d <«"« n a g . C o ll R ic k 
J anas at 533 7143 a r ofte r 5 a t 
486-5723 
6 P r,A W - g bW m o n d Mod#! 7 T T T 
$456 695 1166 
W A N 6 4 ff f e U T I b & a t.o n W TuT 
N O L I M I T E D T IM E 
D a cb frt’t Music Plaza 
IKM N O G A L IT OS 
3314151 
$21$ W A L Z E M R O 
464*461 
IfrA g # ri'"ir1 # riro n iI orgoiT ¥Z W - i i i * , s a il c a n la in a d , id a a i ta r s m e ll i h a rc k or chap#i M a y m o 

W I T T 
M r* G r e e t Lam ** W M , T i, af IS M w C r a ig F L , d ia d F a b 1$ R a- s id c n l af V an A n ion .# 46 V *ar$, m e m be r af turn b o u ca n MHI P r a t b y la r t o n C h u r c h 
S u r v iv e r s 
D a u g h te rt. M is s V ir g in ia W itt, 
M r s 
B a th W e s t a r m g n ; io n s , m li, fi/Hff f 11 
HVt’ltlfSHPVi ggfttt filii b i S an A m a n t* , t u t o r . M n b 
S im p so n , B ra d y . T a g , b ra in e r, 
G o a rg* W ilson K m gtvM iP, Tex > seven g ra n d c h iia re a ; N y* g re a t aran dch M dro h an d s#v#rai n ieces o n d n e p h e w s 
S a r v ic a * l p m . 
M onday. F e * I i. R a y A k t r s F u n ­ e ra l C h ap o n . R e v Jog M O w ens a H iitu i.n o in te rm e n t R g ta lo w n 
M e m o ria l P a rk 

R i f l e r L o r i n g 
D ot f a r 1* R J y # * R * to n K rro o T T r.n t*r*»t*d vt b u y in g cam s, stom ps, raM*. a r o o n gold. F ra n k lin M in ts, et* C o n tact D r Y o g i, 71* 7679 
M IN T W e E T c o t L ^ ' t i o r n r m a* 73 75 43* 146* 

T i * L a rg e O p <i< lr ">gs, o * 6 i M f 
F r a m e d w ith R u b ie s O n * W ith 
A q u a M a rin o Stones M u st Sh to 
A p p r q c ia t a . C e s t $426 e a c h 
S a c r if ic e F a r t i l # e a c h 
C a ll 
1414186 toto pm or e a rly am 

I- 1941 I 
M 
2 T o n I SRR a a l c a p a c it y 
$1756 
I- 
1962 
In tern atio n al 1796 sari**. TOUS ga. c a p a c ity $125o Both T ru ck * have 
Sp 'OY B a r* A9S-91I8 

I M — I s a r r a l D i r e c t o r s 
D U B R O H e to no tor G u it a r , 1929 
.1 od el *4$6 G ib so n F-$ M a n d o lin cop y, e x ce lle n t, $1166 S tra ta co * - to r, m o p le n e c k , tra m # !* , t i l l . 
C u s to m m a d e F e n d e r G u it d r , 
$266 AM w ith ca sa s. p ra to ss ia n a L lr ode» co n s id e re d 
142 7116 gRFBRto.____ ________ 

D ru m 'Jm l F e ll le i lo. bruTnTim g itu d a n l U se d I m o $11$ 45* MAV 

 b r u m sa), L u d w ig , I pc w ith I cy m b a l tla n d s. ate $466 413 4561. 
M „.7 ,7 i)Y # -^ b F o rg a n ata m e a n i 
S ea rs am p s, $166 all 911 7116 

L O Z A N O 
M r 
F r e d M L o ru n o , l l y e a rs , h i t W S a lm a s S t, pa sse d aw ay 
F a b I*, 1977 a t a lo c a l h o s p ita l 
S u r v iv o r s 
B e lo v e d W it* . C a n ca pe la n G L a cu n a , sons. F re d A 
J r , J o h n A 
L e o n a r d o E a n d 
H am e l L O rono, d o u g h ie r 1. G lo ria 
L a ia n o . S y lv ia R e y n o , V a rn a d o 
R iv e r o M a r in a C w m a th a . O lg a 
P a r* ;. M a rg a rita L G e n ia l* ; an a 
L in g o G o n ia l* * , b r a in e r . M r , 
G u u n g lu e * L O zona, M ile r, M a ria 
F la r e s a n d l i l l i * M a r t in * ; ; i t g r a n d c h H d r a a R o s a r y w ill be re c ite d S u n d a y 7 Id a rn a l lh * 
G r i ll M o rtu a ry C h a p e l F u t u r a l w ill d o p e r! M o n d a y a l 2 66 p rn t a r R e a u ia m M a s s a t S a c r e d 
H o e r! C h u rch I J 6 p m in te rm e n t w ill f a llo w a t S a n F e r n a n d a 
C e m e te ry Ma 
I 
A rra n g e m e n t* by 

M roakrfM l 
• S E 
M ilit a r y 
V IJ -FSI 
(Sib m ilt 
$4 F ro P o n c k tb u rg *9* l l 

 f i r l l r r r i t 
166 6 , W W 
W hit* 
1 1 )4 6 

V a in * f r i i ^ t a 

3 S H R E D D E R S 
AM o r* I p l h ook up. I N ew F o rd 7 
It $4*6 I I H R o ta ry $254 I I H 
R o t a r y $266 
A i$ 4 I- I p l B o x 
B la d e w ith rip p e r $356 49$ 9116 e n t i g o i n r f i T k )e r " io ~# 8 ' wheat P o i* pickup HSA 981 2417 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO . 
7M Stay** 
511*14$ 
W H ITIS I U N am JJaT bIaK d re g lye# 343 466$ 
W A N T I O l i l t ar M U : J o C 
Do# re T ra c to r CaH M r F a r n an dc; 6$, 164 2912, after $ m-6447 
X i i i f i b 
I pf boob ap Abc ca r" tm . 4' ;R 449 2976_________________ 
A c c A r d ie n , F ia n # K * y b o # r d 
Q u ick sat* $256 ♦** * * » 

C o m e u a a s t e r s , I d if f e r e n t b reeds Stags 9 to l l m as ald It. 

W e buy am ) sell £ a lt a r B unnia*. 
D u c k lin g s a n d C o lo re d C h ic k s 
735-4651. 714 1736 

)p q $ tl 
14 h im h o ld e rs. P o la ro id a n d tam p a ck h o ld e n ca sa . $22$ 
M 
M 
B 
_________________ 
211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo i i 6 - i— ■ ■ ■ "■ ■ wtowtoBwyfe 

JO roftovor p low $o66 Stool co m * ra ck s, $75 12*4445 a r 433 9415 
C o s * LA M a^ a! F a r m T ra c to r', re b u ilt engm# N e w h r* * w ith J o . 
D ra g Tye* D HC T h ru B ath S U A I. 
495 931$ 

 r O I B T l A Z T f t l M a d e ) SOI in e xce lle n t co n d itio n $2995 
T H E T O R G E R S O N C O 
111 5145, 719 S to v tt 
— — i r r r w i i i u -------— — 

B I B N o M a in 
Z 2TL73o1 
• • •» --m ail 
M u ll. O’ in stru m e n t* 
A m # r.ca n L o a n Co . 22 / 6577 

E D G A ID A 5 
A U T O M A T IC M U ilC CO 
266* N Ftarg * 
713 1544 
L o w re y S apo r G g n w Organ wtfb be n ch , m a h o g a n y I y rs aid $1356 ar b e il oftar. > 6I |)5*, 5* I 1193 

G E N I E 
M o d e l "i t L O K SA* T a s s th a n I y r . o id . C a * l 81666. I t l l 
$3466. 716-1766 

IIS—C e m e to rW v 
B a ria l U U 

TW O tat*. M rssro n P o r k . S ou th 

§24 WaSiKtt! SMK* 

 f; .-mooed gceenW u**~ » xT j"'7I«ti 
Term s, Ire* dot 914 566] 

G b ra 6 n T i!u ; ; w 
F - 4 ^ * # 4 
934-4117 

T 

DRUGS & FOODS ill 
I , AC 

CRICKET 

BUTANE LIGHTER 

ADJUSTABLE 

DISPOSABLE 

LIGHTER 

FROM 

GILLETTE 
__________ 
FACE QUENCHER 

■ N K W MAKE-UP 

NEW FRESH 

LOOKING 
COVER MAKE­ 

UP FROM 
M 
CHAPSTICK 

„ 
. 

PLANTERS 
# r 
CASHEWS 

PLANTERS WHOLE NUTS 

 f DELICIOUS 

1 6*4 OZ. 
CAN OF 

CASHEWS. w GREAT SNACK! 

 mm MILLIONAIRES 

BY PANGBURNS 

14 OZ BOX 

OF PECAN— 

CARAMEL— 
CHOCOLATE 

CANDY 

PROTEIN 21 

7-OZ. SHAMPOO 

ADDS THE 

BODY THAT 

HELPS BEAT 

THE FRIZZES. 
NOW O N L Y ... 

DEODORANTS 

5-OZ. SPRAYS 

YOUR CHOICE 

OF GILLETTE 

RIGHT GUARD 

OR GILLETTE 

SOFT N DRI 

: 
1o-LB. JUTE 

HIGHEST QUALITY 

 loos 

NATURAL 

FIBERS. 

EXCELLENT 

FOR CRAFTS! 

MACRAME BEADS 

V E D LARGE SELECTION 

QUALITY 

WOODEN 

BEADS 

ASST. SIZES 

AND COLORS. 

WIPE’N PIPES 

PREMOISTEN BABY WIPES 

 wipe»Dipe 

VdsHirvt- 
WtttMn** I AHR 
WITH BABY 

OIL— PREVENTS 

DIAPER RASH. 

SO WIPE 

PACKAGE 
4oo SWABS 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 

J 
DOUBLE 

I 
TIPPED 

I 
PLASTIC 

II 
SAFETY 

SWABS 

SIRLOIN 
STEAK 

USDA CHOICE 
BEEF 
LA 

' 
. * . VV 

1oo% FUME BEEF 
3 LM. MKO. OM MOMS 
. • • • • • • • • • • • . . . . • • • • a LM. 
GROUND BEEF 
T-BONE STEAK-” ™?"-”...JI* 
CUBE STEAK™."'™ 
-sl u 

 r i C 
U 
C 
T 
I P 
I / 
C 
V N M IM O T . J U D H I AT ANO K I V I 
* O 
O 
C 
FISH SIIUVo 
SLICED CHEESE-™?™ i I17 
SLICED B A C O N . m i Jl28 
SWISS STEAK~ ™ “........-98* 
LINK SAUSAGE™::'. 
89c 

Oscar 
Mauer 

' rn 

W O I & O B ^ . 
LIMEADE ...rr.~ .”“ ~r..............• “ 19* 
PIE SHELLS ~.~r:.rrr......................3’-. I 

JANfT tM o ,I,,N 
^ 
1o ° r 8 

I MAMOU IT MAN PilASCRS 

 f f lT f ilW T T f W l I T r i 4i 
;1 
I ’TRIED CHICKEN TO GO” 
I 
18 PIECES GOLDEN 
(OMRI ll 
I 
FRIED CHICKEN 
JU|T JJ n nl I 
14 WESTERN POTATOES 

PwJL 
MM 
1 1 1 
] 
ONLY 
/ / 
I 
14 DINNER ROHS 

W HIT! SWAN 
DINNERS 
BISCUITS 
IVORY 

ALL VARICTIfS 
ISW ifTMILK OM BUTTERMILK! 
LIQUID DETERGENT 

< 

7-UP OR 
PEPSI 

SCOTT 
TOWELS 

WHITE OR DECORATED 

REG. OR 
DIET 
6-PACK 
32-OZ. 
PLUS 
DEP. 

SKAGGS ALBERTSONS PHARMACY 
NOW OFFERS YOU FAST, 
“ CALL-AHEAD” SERVICE. 
SO YOUR PRESCRIPTION IS READY WHEN YOU ARE! 

M 
M 
R rn 

WALZEM 
656-79oo 

WEST AVE. 
349-3129 

BANDERA 
684-8795! 

APPLES 

RED DELICIOUS 
E X T R A FA N C Y 
CRISPY S W E E T 

A k U l 

LB S ” 
FOR 

M r 
CAKE DONUTS 

POT ATOES T'.r.r.~ 'o,*,o,‘ 
5- J1 
WHITE ONIONS— — I I 3 J I 
LEMONS .r-.r.r..:.?..................* 3 
AVOCADOS”1— — .............8 ~$1 
W RAP P E R S ?!.!?.?!.-" ii5159 

APPLESAUCE 
POUND CAKES.™ :................2 °*51 
COOKIES 
......................36°*51 
CREAM PUFFS r ...................S JI 
BREAD 
..............u 69c 

BASKET 

PLASTIC HANGER 

 r n 
YOUR 

CHOICE 

OF COLORS. 

1o-INCH 

BASKET 

 rn i t * w k WOOD TRELLIS 
S PAN REDWOOD 

. ^ y r in w m m m kt* tim 
W ifft 

Im WsA 

4 w m 

STAINED' 

HARDWOOD. 

EASY TO 

ASSEMBLE 
6 FT. KICH 

SPECTRACIDE 
LIQUID INSECT CONTROL 

S t. Ss- 
SS. ss c=sr rn 

ONE QUART 

LAWN AND 
GARDEN 

INSECT 

CONTROL 

SPECTRACIDE 

GRANULAR INSECT CONTROL 

1 2’ j LB. 

BAG 

COVERS 

25oo 

SO. E l. 

3 BIG S. A. LOCATIONS 
TO SERVE YOUR NEEDS 
WALZEM AT MIOCROWN 
5538 WALZEM RD.— 656-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WEST AVE.— 349-5287 
BANDERA AT IH 41o 
57o7 BANDERA RD.— 684-8852 
We 're Open 2*#] four* 
Day1 
7 Days A 
Week. 

A 
A 

Meadow Oaks patio homes opening today 

This weekend 
Homecraft 
Corp. will hold its grand opening for the building-developing firm's innovative patio homes in 
Meadow Oaks, an established community serenely situated in northeastern Bexar County. 
The dram atic debut of these patio homes in Meadow Oaks m eans the long awaited arrival of the utmost in care­ free modern living in a setting so serene yet so convenient to so many different destination points. 
Privacy reigns 
Although “ carefree" is a good word to describ e the lifestyles for which these patio hom es are m ost suited, another key feature they present is privacy, a kind of intimacy so many seek in this kind of residence. 
Standards among Meadow Oaks pa­ tio hom es would be considered “ ex­ tras" at sim ilar projects in the vicini­ ty. Each has a private courtyard and patio; roomy storage and utility rooms; and two-car covered carports with rear en tries that m ean front y ard s look good at all times. 
Most surprising about these patios homes, perhaps, is their price range, s ta r t in g as low as $28,95o to only 
$36,95o They now a re offered with eased conventional financing te rm s requiring only 5 per cent of the ad- lusted purchase price as a down pay­ ment. Some are offered even with a 

 total move-in cost of only $45o by con­ ventional financing. 
As well, these patio hom es boast fe a tu re s th at ex e m p lify the real m eaning behind H o m ecraft’s recent housing concept, the “ Snug Home." 
“ Snug Home" is a term Homecraft chose to briefly describe the solid con­ struction of its IOO per cent masonry homes. Although it sounds simple en­ ough. there is much to it, especially when the need for modern families lo save as m uch energy as possible is considered. The Snug hom e a c c o m ­ plishes that with ease. 
E n erg y -sav in g fe a tu re s in H o m e­ craft houses actually result in “ tight" insulation — not just am ple insulation. 
Item s included in the Snug Home concept are double paned, solar gray and light-resistant windows; foil-faced sheathing added to wall insulation to reflect both heat and light; and steel- encased doors with m ag n etic, refri- gerator-typc weat herstripping. 

B esid e s its new s e rie s of p atio homes, a total of six model homes will be showcased in Meadow O aks this weekend. These fully furnished, pro­ fessionally d e c o ra te d m o d els have c a u g h t the in te re st of m an y hom e shoppers looking for a fine house nes­ tled am ong trees of a neighborhood near all the city conveniences. 
This is because Meadow Oaks fits that description to the fullest. Its ser­ enity, combined with convenience, has m ade it the choice of m any families 

 since its opening. 
The m arket-tested floor plans and designs Homecraft offers in this com ­ munity make up ev en more reasons for its surge in popularity. 
It is in Meadow Oaks that Homecraft proudly presents not only its new patio hom es but also its two recent Snug 
Home m o d els and its original four m o d els to fully r e p r e s e n t m o d e rn housing available in the neighborhood. 
Just some of the Homecraft features are all-electric, decorator kitchens; fine c a rp e tin g ; h a n d c ra fte d , wood- b u rn in g fire p la c e s w ith g a s log lighters; and, of course, optimal insu­ lation. 
The choice location of Meadow Oaks is still another reason for so many fa­ milies' moving there. 
The c o m m u n ity is co n v en ie n t to 
Randolph AFB v ia N.E. EM 16o4. It is also near the shopping and entertain­ ment facilities of both Universal City and northeastern San Antonio. 
Also, an am enity area aptly called 
“ The Oaks” Swim and Tennis Club is exclusively for the enjoyment of Mea­ dow Oaks residents. 
Com plete city services, of course, are in Meadow Oaks, actually outside 
San Antonio City L im its. T he c o m ­ munity is in the progressive Judson 
School District. 
Meadow Oaks is reached most easily by exiting from N E. HI 35 to N E. EM 
1694 and proceeding east to the com­ munity’s grand entranceway. 

LAKESIDE hom es b y Schaefer featu re the kind o f standards, e x tra s fam ilies seek 
S ch aefer’s ‘ph ilosoph y’ put to work in Lakeside 

Schaefer has a definite philo­ sophy of building: a quality home affordably priced in a proven neighborhood. 
What does this m ean to the home buyer? 
Ideal community 
Well, for those prospective buyers looking for a home in a com m unity ideally centered on families and family life in the rolling hills of southeastern 
B exar County, it m ean s a S chaefer home in Lakeside. 
While more and more builders have cut down their building program s and stripped down their products. Schaefer is building quality homes with hidden values, luxurious extras and energy- saving features, all at an affordable price and special financing. 
At Lakeside. Schaefer offers homes in country setting quite unlike anyth­ ing you’ve ever seen. These homes are built with the care and craftsm anship 

M EA D O W O A K S patio hom es can be seen during grand opening w eeken d o ffere d b y H om ecraft Corp. 

Schaefer is known for. 
Schaefer quality starts with the fin­ est construction m aterials like solid copper wiring, top quality plumbing, beautifully painted woodwork, hand- laid tile baths and top-of-the-line (IE appliances. All features make Schaefer homes look better and last longer. 
But the quality doesn t stop there. 
Schaefer is out to prove that luxury fe a tu re s need not be lim ite d to luxury-priced homes. You can still find quality built homes with luxury fea­ tures at prices yAu can afford. Home with glamorous kitchens, space-saving bonus rooms, formal liv ing and dining areas and even separate gam e rooms with fireplaces or a study for the kids. 
As well, there is more energy-sav­ ing features Each home has a custom engineered, high-efficiency central air and heating system; special duct work for optimal air flow; 3t*>-inch insula­ tion between walls; and eight-inch in­ sulation in attic. In fact, there is extra attic ventilation, and all windows are designed to minimize air ingittration and maximize light and views. 
All of this adds up to the Schaefer concept: “ We're building homes you'll want to come to.” Quality built, afford­ ably priced homes show an astound­ ing amount of imagination and foreth­ ought on the part of the builder. 
But S c h a e fer also b eliev e s the neighborhood is just as important as the home you live in. Schaefer neigh­ borhoods a re p lan n ed and built to feature a variety of homes with many d iffe ren t d e s ig n s and e le v a tio n s . 
Neighborhoods like Lakeside are d e ­ veloped with consistency and sound e n g in e e rin g , a re n e a r sch o o ls and 

 shopping centers and assure buyers of a sound investment 
(.’entered on families and family life, 
Lakeside also boasts recreational faci­ lities that can ’t be found in any other 
San Antonio com munity. Picnic a m is , p la y g ro u n d s an d a n e ig h b o rh o o d swimming pool — plus lighted tennis courts, a path for biking, hiking and jogging and an 11-acre recre atio n al lake — are just a few of the am enities 

 iii the HUO acres of wooded park land surrounding Lakeside. 
Yet the convenience of this south­ eastern com munity will astound you. 
Located a short mile from S E. Loop 
41o, Lakeside is m inutes from down­ town. convenient to excellent shopping areas and just a short ride away from 
Fort Sam Houston, as well as Brooks. 
Lackland, Kelly and Randolph AFBs 
The East C e n tral School D istrict provides an o u ts ta n d in g a c a d e m ic program and an opportunity for chil­ dren to lie part of cham pionship athle­ tic teams, a superior hand and music p ro g ram and one of th e to p -ran k ed agricultural departm ents iii the state. 
Bus service is provided to all schools. 

Residents of Lakeside also enjoy the advantage of a RI per cent savings on their monthly home payments, which actually run an average of $35 less |>er month for a quality built home com ­ parable to homes found in other San 
Antonio communities. 

S chaefer m odels iii L ak esid e are open from lh a.m. until dusk Prices range from $3ti.<MHI to $5o,ooo. Ask al the Information ('enter, 26o2 Lake Al­ tair. about special financing term s that postpone paym ents until June. 

 rf 

San Antonio EXPRE55-NEWS —Sunday February 77 1977 

^Y— 
LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
IMM 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

DISPLAY 
CLASSIFICO DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSfflfD DISPLAY 
C l A M O H D B IS H A Y 
CIA H im a DISPLAY 
— 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

MENDOUS! ORNo> 
— 
^ 
62oo Spring Time 

 brkfst 

 leuiood 

Our hom es feature 

 products from the^ —> indoor World "of 
A r m s t r o n g 

Fully carpeted • Fireplace • Paneled family room • Breakfast bar • Built-in electric kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, dis­ poser • Central heat & air conditioning • 
Walk to elementary school, bus to middle school & high school • Excellent Northside 
School District • Privacy fencing, too 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

•Cash pc ic «r $42,ooo. No down payment and no closing costs VA mortgage $42,6oo 
36o equal monthly prin­ cipal and interest payments of $312 68 tor 3o years at 
8%Annual Percentage Rate 
Principal 6 Interest 
$312 68 
Taxes (City, County, State, S c h o o l) ................ 
98 o2 
Insurance 
21,1o 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$432 oo 

Ideal location near UTSA, USAA, M edical 
Center • Beautiful area in the foothills of the 
Texas Hill Country • Easy access to express­ ways. Furnished models open daily until 8 p m. Take IH-1o west to the DeZavala exit and follow the signs. 
Ph. 696 817o 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

, American College 
| of Real Estate. Inc. 

31o E ASHBY/ SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 78?1? 
(S IM 736 7o7b 

TWO GREAT COMMUNITIES 
IN TWO GREAT AREAS 
OF TOWN 

*4oo MICROWAVE 

ADDITIONAL 

FEATURE IN 

INCREASE IN 

TOTAL 

M OVE IN 

V.A. 

<a> 8 % 

5 % D O W N 
CONV. FIN. 

(a> 8 3 4 % 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

Homecroft areas showcased 

Twin Creek models six fully furnished, professionally decorated homes in the northwestern Bexar County area off Gris­ som Road between Bandera and Culebra 
Roads. 

 c l a s s if ie d d i s m a y c l a s s if ie d w S W X y 

RO YAL RIDGE patio hom es energy-crafted 
Patio homes built 

 in Royal Ridge 

C. MES*** 

SAN ANTONIO - MARCH SCHED ULE 
W EEKEN D CLASSES 
2o1 Principles of RE 
Mar. 12-13-19-2o 
3o1 Practice of RE 
Mar. 26-27-Apr. 2-3 
5o1 RE Law 
Mar. 26-27-Apr. 2-3 
DAYTIM E 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Mar. 7-11 

2o1 Principles of RE 
Mar. 14-18 

3o1 Practice of R E 
Mar. 21-25 
1o1 Basic Fundamentals 
Mar. 28-Apr. I 

EVEN IN G 
3o1 Practice of R E 
Mar. 7-22 
For free catalog call 736-2o75________________ 

 oversized lids with' many trees. All lots front on paved streets with con­ crete curbs. Undergroun utility lines elim inate unsightly poles and lines that would mar the na­ tural beauty of the ser­ enity anil rolling terrain. 
Woodstone, near nu­ merous destination points and within the highly rated North Fast 
School District, is most easily reached by exiting from N E. Iii 35 to Jud­ son Road, proceeding west toward 
Nacog­ doches 
Road and following eigns which lead tin* way to the com­ m unity’s 
Homecraft houses. 
Twin Creek 
Professional planning 
In Homecraft Corp. has made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities iii the San An­ tonio area. 
The northwestern 
Bexar County develop­ ment offers the kind of homes modern families are looking for today and c an afford. 
Twin Creek, now con­ sidered one lo the* estab­ lished neighborhoods by 
San Antonians, has ac­ quired a good popuI us since it opened. 
Streets in the neigh­ borhood necessitate slow traffic, and house exter­ iors along each create an 
Impressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community also features its own private clubhouse It offers green, fenced tennis courts lighted at nights. Other recreational facilities in­ clude a swimming pool, wading pool, clubhouse with equipped kitchen 
~~ M W W WPUT---- 

Located in the pre­ ferred Northside School 
District. Twin Creek is also close to 
CTSA. 
I SAA. South Texas Me­ dical Center, Southwest 
Research Institute and 
Kelly and 
Lackland 
AF'Bs. 
Twin Creek homes, priced from as low as 
834,95o. can be purchased by VA financing which requires only a 81 total move-in cost and an an­ nual interest rate of only 
8 per cent. guff STOP M U L A Y 
-- 

 and a playground for youngsters. 
.Although surrounded by nature. Twin Creek also has a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding and city noises never are heard, even though the thoroughfare 
Bandera Road is just a mile away; NAV. Loop 
41o. one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek re­ sidents. 

Charm and grace of 
Mediterranean styling are reflected by patio homes in Royal Ridge. 
Equally important, however, are the features behind all this beauty that create a home of ex­ ceptional value. 
Two-story 

The distinct advan­ tages of living in a two- story home also comprise an important feature of these patio homes. 
This weekend it is possible to purchase one of these two-story models at prices asked for dur­ ing 1978. The next con­ struction phase for these patio homes w ill de­ mands prices some 81,o9o to $2,ooo higher. 
Among the advantages 

 gained by selecting a two-story model would bt* more square footage for relatively little extra cost. The additional liv­ ing area could be between 2oo and 5oo sq. ft. at $7 to $8 for each. 
This contrasts with one- story models in that each square foot would aver­ age some $3o in cost. 
Overall, the two-story model would cost about 
$25 per square foot. 
Costs of operating uti­ lities actually are histor­ ically less in two-story models. That really pre­ sents a bargain to I m * en­ joyed in one of these 
“ Energy-Crafted” patio homes. 
Royal 
Ridge patio homes boast more than 
2o energy-saving pro- cusiwna (HtKAY---------- 

 c lA iiit lib DISKa y 

 f 
Enjoy f Hill Country^ 
Living. . . 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful Oak Creek. 
Our premium homes range from $48,5oo to 
$9o,ooo on large wood­ ed homesite!. Customized homes available for im­ mediate move-in. Please fisit our professionally decorated models today! 
Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 
J 
\ 684-3112 J 

Thunderbird Hills 

* Inside Loop 4 1 o , T h e rm al W in ­ d ow s, C o v e re d P atio a n d 6 ’ ce d ar p riv acy fenced ya rd . 

UNDER *4o,ooo 
6214 Little Fawn 3-2 . . . . $39,95o 
6218 Little Fawn 4-2 . . . . $41,9oo 

UNDER *45,ooo 
62o6 Little Fawn 4 - 2 ____ $43,2oo 
6231 Farragut 3-2...........$43,8oo 
721o Little Fawn 3-2 . . . . $41,8oo 

UNDER *3o,ooo 
21 38 James Bonham 4-2 . . $28,5oo 
2118 James Bonham 3-2 . $28,4oo 
211o James Bonham 4-2 . $28,65o 

MEDICAL 
CENTER^ 

LEON 
VALLEY 

LACKLAND 
KELLY 
AEB 
AEB/ 
Forest Oaks Estates 
Crownpiece $45,8oo-$56,ooo 

 v r . C r n 

Construction Compony 

Open IO Til Dusk 
6 8 4 -o 8 1 o 

VA, FHA, 
CONV. financing 
Available 

EQUAL HOUSING 
O PfO tTU NITY 

N.E. SAN AN TO N IO 'S 
UGGSST HOMS VALUES 
N.W. SAN ANTONIO’S 
FINEST COMMUNITY 

Conventional interest rates hove lowered. Check with our personnel 

Visit R oyal Ridge T oday— 
Quality Is the Difference! 

UY MO 

PLAN sp 2o4 
\ 

A Spacious fireplace and 
\ mantle A Extra spacious 
* living family area if Twin 
, J sliding doors to wrap 
Jr around patio if Serve-thru kitchen * Sox window at dinette it Master bedroom with dressing room and sliding g b n doors if Two full cerom k hie tx*tbs if Furniture finished cabinetry if 1oo% brick exterior it Foil energy saving features Ar O V ER 
ENGINEERED t r \ 
A 
T 
A 
C O N D IT IO N IN G * 
< J C 
K l J 
O N E LEFT AT 
V # rn 7 
\ J 

Energy-Crafted Homes prove big Success in Royal Ridge 

# Spacious handcrafted fireplace it Detached 
(noster bedroom aide * Two fwd beths wdb tub cmd shower 
Ar Over engineered mr conditioner 
♦ Q uat*, carpet 
Ar Sbdmg doors to potto A Large kitchen pantry A Borh in elect™ kitchen with furniture finished cabm en A Double garage with large storage area A 1oo% brick with full energy saving features 

ONE LEFT AT 

SEC O N D FLOOR 

2 o 3 o SO. FT 

NORTHWEST SAN ANTONIO 
NORTHEAST SAN ANTONIO 

TWIN CHEEK 

 h 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 1977 

‘ 
C U S M W B > l» H > U r 
CLASStm O CM SW AY 
ClASSJFItD D IS M A Y 
I 

CAREFREE 
PATIO HOMES 

AtflNVd 

■ TYleaJiow C 
28,95o To *36,95o 

1V9S7AOONIM 

 a^Sa^2gSaESEBS 

Five beautiful new Patio H om es w ill open this w eekend in 
M e a d o w O aks. A v a ila b le in a dozen exterior designs, these carefree hom es are just right for you ng and old alike: no m ain­ tenance, no com m on w alls, rear entry tw o vehicle carports, courtyards, and patios — all the intim ate privacy you could hope for. 

A8JLN3 

A N D 
“THE 
O A K S ” swim and tennis club is now available for your exclusive membership and enjoyment. 

J13H sM O Q N IM 

313HS ‘MOC3NIM 

CLOSET 

M lN V d oooo 

" S N U G H O M B 
INSULATION FEATURES: 
★ 1oo% BRICK CONSTRUCTION 
Maintenance Free & Energy Saving. 
★ DYLITE POLYSTYRENE 
INSULATION BOARD 
Reduces heat loss 5 o % and more and resists moisture penetration and humidity. 
★ FULL 4” WALL INSULATION 
Cuts those utility bills drastically. 
★ FULL 6“ CEILING INSULATION 
For maximum savings. 
★ SPECIAL SOLAR GRAY W INDO W GLASS 
Darkens to cut out the sun s hot rays, helps protect draperies and furnishings. 
★ EFFICIENCY ENGINEERED AIR 
CONDITIONING UNIT 
Larger than necessary — More efficient. 
★ STEEL ENCASED DOORS 
W / Magnetic refrigerator type wee.thor stripping. 

STANDARD FEATURES: 
• Handcrafted Woodburning 
Fireplaces w/gas log lighters 
• Deluxe All Electric Kitchens 
• Choice of Quality Carpet Throughout 
• Modern Gas Central Heating 
• Electric Central A/C 
• Bathrooms: vinyl wall covering, marbled vanity-tops, tiled tub & shower areas, mirrored vanity walls, shower & decorated valance lighting. 
• Elegant Vaulted Ceilings 
• Sunny Box Windows 
• 1o Minutes from Shopping Malls 

VSS M O O N IM ty 

 ooa aa oa aa 

O N LY 5 % D O W N 
C O N V EN T IO N A L 

$45ooo M O V E -IN 
AVAILABLE O N 
SOM E PATIO H O M ES 

M E A D O W O A K S also features 6 beautifully furnished 2, 3, & 4 
Bedroom model homes from $3 1,95o to >45,75o. 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
658-7461 
Quality • Integrity • Price 
DlttCT IONS Northern on IM 
JS to loop I AW. tam dm * Nutt ronvtos until yow 

 m o Mondo* Ooks ugn on tail 

EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 
San Antonio 
Camelot community has it all ‘cooking’ 

The Litton Micromatic double oven in microwave range is standard equipment in some Camelot homes, and kitchen buffs who have seen it in action understand why the Litton is called “ the ultimate cooking center.’’ 

The Litton solid state Vari-Cook oven control permits variation of the mi­ crowave cooking speed, enabling the kitchen artist to cook, reheat, roast, simmer, warm and even defrost. 
Speed-cooking on top with the mi­ crowave oven and baking or broiling in the conventional oven are great ways to prepare lavish, special meals the cook usually dreads but the family loves to feast on. The self-cleaning oven makes clean-up chores fast and 

The Camelot lifestyle offers a lot of things, including a baked potato in IO minutes; a fried egg in 45 seconds; and a couple of ham burgers for a couple of hungry kids in 3o seconds. 
What’s that got to do with a Hay E l­ lison home in Camelot? 
Important feature 
Everything, if a person happens to believe that the kitchen is one of the most important features in a home. 
Whether the homeowner is a harried housewife in a hurry or someone who just plain loves to cook, cooking in 
Camelot is super because kitchens in 
Camelot are super, too. 

 easy. 
But the Litton is only part of the 
Camelot kitchen story. There’s the stainless steel double sink, rich hand­ crafted wood cabinets, built-in dish­ washer, disposer plus easy viewing through the lovely French door leading from the kitchen into the backyard. 

Ray Ellison homes in Camelot offer more than just a super kitchen, of course. Every room in a Camelot home features the Ellison attention to detail that means a balanced combination of convenience, practicality and down­ right luxury. 
Thanks to its location in the north­ eastern quadrant of the city. Camelot is served by excellent schools at all 

 nearby and within easy driving distance of either Randolph AFB or Fort Sam Houston. 
Camelot by Ray Ellison Homes offers homes such as this one in a choice north­ eastern location, with Windsor Park Mall 

 levels of the. educational ladder. The tar>’ families. Although downtown at- Camelot seven days a week, rain or location is also tailored for easy access tractions are only a short drive away shine, at 823o New World Dr. to the beautiful Windsor Park Mall and by expressway, Camelot is outside the 
Simply take N.E. IH 35 to Walzem many large supermarkets, drug reach of city taxes, bringing a new Road, turn east on Walzem past Wind- stores, specialty shops and restaurants home into reach of the family that s o t Park Mall and follow the signs to established in the area. takes pride in holding the budgetary 
New World Drive, where a new kind of 
Commuting to Randolph A F B or line on inflation. world awaits in Camelot. And, super 
Fort Sam Houston is a snap for mili- 
Model homes may be seen in kitchens, too! 

CLASSIFIIO DISPLAY 

SUPER 
KITCHEN! 

“The Heritage” 
8511 New World Dr. 
Immediate Occupancy! 

♦Cash price: $39,6oo. No down pay­ ment and no closing costs. VA mort­ gage $39,6oo. 36o equal monthly prin­ cipal and interest payments of $283.71 for 3o years at 73/4% Annual Percent­ age Rate. 
Principal & Interest 
$283.71 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
53.44 
(No!) City Taxes .................... 
-o- 
Insurance 
........................... 
19.85 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$357.oo 
ALL THESE FEATURES INCLUDED! 
1482 sq. ft. • Masonry exterior • Fully carpeted throughout • 3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, 2-car finished garage e Walk-in closets and utility room • Patio, landscaping, fencing. 
■ Z I Immediate 
Mr 
Closing 
This Address Only! 

Our homes feature 

 products from the><— 
Indoor World "of 
A rm stro n g 
PLUS! LITTON MICROMATIC DOUBLE 
OVEN MICROWAVE RANGE! 
It combines all the popular cooking conveniences in one practical unit, and it’s self-cleaning, too! And it’s standard, included in the purchase price, when you buy this beautiful and luxurious Ray Ellison home! 
CAMELOT LIVING OFFERS SO MUCH! 
Minutes to the beautiful new Windsor Park Mall e Easy access to expressways e Centrally located between Ft. Sam Houston and Randolph 
AFB e Recreational facilities nearby. 

• NORTHEAST SCHOOL DISTRICT 

• NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

• NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING 
COSTS, VA 
Standard! 

CAMELOT ess 4123 
Furnished models open daily until 
8 p.m. Take IH-35 to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
Phone: 655-4123 

 tOuAi MOUSING 
CB LITTON 
Microwave Cooking 
Ellison Homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S — Sunday Februar> 
\ 
1977 

Morton/SW found ‘favorite’ 

San 
A n tonian s stro n g ly favored the two different hous­ ing series Morton / Southwest featured last year. In fact, they put the building - developing firm on top. 
Morton / Southwest still features 
Freedom Homes and Success Homes in three outstanding communities: Lake­ side, in southeastern Bexar County off 
U.S. Hwy. 87 outside S .E . Loop 41o; 
V alley Forge, off O ’Connor Road between Nacogdoches Road and N E. 
Ill 35; and Cimarron, found just south of V E . EM I HCM east of Kitty Hawk 
Drive. 
Series well named 

The two series are aptly named, too. 
Freedom Homes are called that be­ cause they literally set buyers “ free from rent” into a new world of home ownership. Success Hom es are so named for the series’ unique features 

 that would make the purchase of any a sure success. 
‘‘A ffordability” is a key word for each series. 
Fredom 
Homes are priced from as low as $28,5oo; Success, 
$34,ooo. No com parable homes are built for those kind of prices these days; so, Morton / Southwest has a valid claim to leadership in San An­ tonio area housing. 
Morton / Southwest has drawn de­ signs from ingenious floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes by making them more afforda­ ble and more useful, square foot by square foot. Traffic patterns are ideal. 
This is the way those who have had to rent actually sacrifice nothing at all when they buy and move into a new 
Freedom or Success home by Morton / 
Southwest. In fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted. 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the basics, too. They feature frill modern families have come to expect in a new home. This indeed, is just one of the 

CLASNFKD DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

 many reasons Freedom Homes have gained such widely spread popularity. 
Their three- and four-bedroom plans include two complete baths generally sought by home buyers today. All this is figured into an attractively afforda­ ble package in a price range families today can afford. A Freedom home is no “ pearl of great price.” 
Pan try kitchens feature the right kind of appliances to lessen the work­ load for today’s homemaker. D ish­ washer, disposers, ranges, vent hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided in Freedom Homes. All appliances carry the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton / Southwest has made available in Freedom Homes are wall-to-wall closets with storage space extending all the way to the ceiling and sliding doors of panel designs, finished two-car garages, utility and work ar­ eas, patios with sliding glass doors, clever blends of masonry and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of the 

 buyers’ choices of colors and kinds. 
Friedrich central air and heat systems and. in most, woodburning fireplaces. 
Success Homes vividly reveal that an enjoyable home remains the “ great 
American dream " and one that can be realized without great sacrifice. 
The large amounts of total square footage in the Success plans can be seen in spacious family rooms, separ­ ate dining areas, large family rooms and sizeable living rooms. In fact, even the patios for Success Homes are fa­ mily sized. 
Also encompassed are the large, de­ corative all-electric kitchens. They boast space-saving built-ins like Magic 
Chef ranges, ovens, vent hoods, dish­ washers and stainless steel Waste King disposers. 
But the scope of Success Homes, of 
L'Ourse, goes beyond their “ furnisha- ble” and useful space. The luxury ap­ pointments add much to how they pre­ sent more than the money’s worth. 
They include shag carpeting in Iiv- 

. V A S S E L » 

MORTON /SOUTHWEST offers buyers their m oney’s worth and more in Lakeside, Cimarron and Valley Forge 

 mg rooms, master suites and hallwaxs; privacy fences; woodburning fir e ­ places in family rooms; abundant ca­ binetry in pantry kitchens; compart­ mented ceram ic baths; walk-ill or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyer can choose the colors and pat­ terns for carpets and wallcoverings. 
Each home in this ingeniously planned series also features a ut I lit v 

CLASSIFIED DISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISM AY area and a finished two-car garage. 

 g u w in r e DISM AY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Lakeside is a neighborhood unique in its recreational offerings. They include a lake for boating and fishing, tennis courts, swimming pool and park area. 
School district is East Central. 
Valley Forge, also with a swimming pool and tennis courts, is iii the North 
East School District. 

Cimarron, w it ll access to a number of amenities bkt' a swim club, Scout hut and playground, is in the Judson 
School District. 
------rommroiaii^Av 

Is: wmm 

SA N A N T O N IA N S... 

 tNe people who put us on Top. 

MORTON/SoilThwEST. 

 mmmmmm rn mm a m rn m s s immmmmmmmmmmmm m m tmm tm v mm* rn im a a s rn im im mmmm * mmm 

When MORTON/SOUTHWEST 

 was founded in 
1964, we 

 decided that the only way to 

 become the leading home 

 builder in San Antonio was to 

 establish rules and follow 

 them. Establishing the rules 

 was simple: 

I I to provide the best home value for 

 the largest number of people at the 

 lowest possible cost. 

 f~l to building in accordance with 

 highest professional standards, San 

Antonio's best designed home 

 values in conveniently located and 

 well planned neighborhoods. 

□ to fulfill our responsibility for 

 quality, service, and neighborliness 

 with integrity. 

Following these rules wouldn’t have 

 been possible had we not proven that 

 we actually did give each customer his 

“ MONEYS WORTH” in a new home. 

% mr 

 mbr 

----- 

 patio 

— 

 tam kit 

- I 

 din 

 br 3 

 gar 

 bv 
J r 
3L 

 br 2 

 r n 
, 
,.r ® . w 
Freedom 
Two 

$3o,325 

B Three and four bedrooms 

■ 2 car finished garage 

■ 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 

■ Rich shag carpeting 

■ Appliances — dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

■ Large closets and storage space 

■ Utility rooms (in most designs) 

 fam ily 

 porch 

Friedrich 

CSfTAAL Am CONDfTlOFdNG 

INSTALLED SY 
O f OS GE SMITH, INC. 
O f SAN AN TONIO 

WHAT DOES MONEYS WORTH 

MEAN? 

MORE living space for the dollar. 

MORE enjoyment extras. 

CONFIDENCE in your home purchase. 

BEING PROUD of your neighborhood. 

NO MORE rent increases and 

A BIG tax deduction. 

AN ENERGY-EFFICIENT HOME. 

At Morton/Southwest our concern is for the way you live, anticipating your changing lifestyle. 

With such promises as these being kept, ifs no wonder we are the leaders. 

 ac*. 
. 
♦ dam , 
‘ 
. rn 
* 

Success Contes 

■ 3 & 4 Bedrooms 

■ 2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces 

■ 2-car Finished Garages 

■ Rich Shag Carpeting in Living 
Room, Master Suite, and Hallway 

■ All Electric Kitchen with Self­ cleaning Range 

■ Large family-size Patios 

■ Energy-efficient Friedrich air conditioning in attic to give you more space & quiet. 

■ Privacy fence 

President 
$41,825 

 patio 

 brhfst n 7 r r71 
.. I kit 
• 

 dining 

 living 

•Am m u 

Utih m 

 gar 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY ’TIL DUSK 

VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 

CIMARRON 
658-4793 

LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOWN VA 

8% VA FINANCING 
FHA & CONV. AVAILABLE 

MMUS F u r VANT ACCORDING >o NEIGHBORHOOD AND LOCATION 

OUR OF TOWN CALL 
COLLECT 

WRITE! P.O. BOX 18428 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
78286 

 mortem t southw est 

 we are our greatest competitor. 

.... « » iMmm 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS -Sunday February 27 1977 
Thousand Oaks 

 said giant step 

 for all lifestyles 

Step into the world of Thou­ sand Oaks. 
See and feel the d iffe ren c e th at careful thought and consideration can make in the planning of a new com­ munity that has saved the hest nature created — the shape of the land and the thousands of natural live oak and cedar trees which grace the gently rolling slopes. 
Prime consideration 
Living inside Thousand Oaks you sense that quality was the prime con­ sideration Only builders known for 

 c U iiiH I O DISMAY 

 their fine craftsmanship were selected to participate in the development of the community. 

Designed with imagination and flair. 
I housand Oaks homes are filled with ideas to enhance your lifestyle. Vault­ ed ceilings, sunken living room areas. wood burning fireplaces, private g a r ­ dens and atriums are hut a few of the luxury features. 

You'll find Mexican tile floors, deep plush carpeting, color coordinated wall coverings and glamorous country kit­ chens with garden windows for grow- 

 fTPPt 
* Ut 
Took x j 
THOUSAND OAKS COUNTRY CLUB completely comprehensive of social, recreational facilities for residents’ enjoyment 

 c u iJ jir iio Dis p l a y 

 ing herbs. Meal planning for your fa­ mily or entertaining for friends be­ comes a pleasure, and. with all the time-saving devices, you have more time to plan for yourself. 
Within the community, you’ll find 
Thousand Oaks Racquet (Tub, which boasts the finest tennis installation in 
San Antonio. There are lighted outdoor courts, air conditioned indoor courts. 
CLAtt|y||o (HSPtAy 

 an Olympic-size outdoor pool and a health club, which features exercise rooms, sauna and steam rooms and an indoor pool. As a resident of Thousand 
Oaks, you have special membership privileges. A full-time manager is on hand to plan the various recreational and social programs of which you will want to become a part. 
Children of Thousand Oaks attend ciASMrn» BiiFUV--------------- 

 schools in the North E a s t District w here s c h o la s t ic exc ellence is the standard. Total shopping is only min­ utes away. The North Star and Central 
P a r k M alls a r e but a fiv e-m in u te drive, and, soon, with the completion of the new North Expressway, you can be downtown in only 12 m in u t e s . 
USAA, UTSA, the Medical Center and 
R andolph 
AFB are all ea sily flif* irr* o 6ijpL iY 
CIS ISffUB BUHAY 

 accessible. 
Homes are open for inspection every day from IO a.m. until dark. Selected builders are Olmos Home Builders, M. 
A. Scholl E n t e r p r i s e s , Clint Weil* bacher, Great America Construction 
Co., Victor Oehler, Peter Schinkcr and 
Carlton Church. 
Step into th is b r a v e new world. 
You’ll love it — inside and out! eUUIPttfi BISHAY 
------ELA KOUR BttWJ ¥ 

THOUSAND 
OAKS 

PEDRO 

 y o u ' l l lo v e y o u ’l l l o v e into our world 

H O U S A N D 

NOOK 
SEDUM 
# 3 
FAM. WA. 
BELOW 

 we* 

BEORM 
# 2 
DINING 
SM. 
MASTER 
B-R 9\ 
BEDftM 
# 4 

SECOND HOOK 

Builder: Olmos Hom e Builders 

House: 
2611 Turkey Oak 
2,526 sci. ft. 

 sruor ANO 
Sit TINO 
ROOM ma 
SUITE 
TERRACE 

WUEST 
RH 

"R S T H O O I 

PO R CH 

SECOND H O O t 

Carlton Church 

16811 Turkey Point 
2 ,485 sci. f t . 

 into our world, Thousand Oaks. A world where thought and consideration saved the hest of what conies from the earth — its shape. . .its face. Our world outside is filial with glorious natural trees 
— oaks and cedars. Our world inside is tieing in u beautiful new contemporary home, designed and constructed a ith the same careful consideration that Mother \utiire herself lavished on the community. 

Consider the advantages o f living in thousand Oaks: 
• to r your children, . .the preferred Northeast School District. 
• For yourself . .the convenience o f total shopping only a few minutes a n a y. II itll completion of the new North Expressway, Downtown in only 12 minutes. 
• For the entire family. . .your men Club, thousand Oaks Hacipiet Club with the finest installa­ tion in the City. Lighted outdoor and air conditioned indoor courts. Health (.lab. and Olympic-size paid 
Sfwcial membership privileges to resilients o f Thousand Oaks. 
• o.2 miles north o f Loop lilt an San Pedro aith all important points o f destination easily aeeessilde. 
Houses are open for inspection from KHOO a.m. until dark. Selected builders include; Olmos Home 
Mudders, \l. A. Scholl Enterprises, Creal America Construction Co,, Clint ll eilhocher, l ictor Oehler. 
Peter Schinkcr, and Carlton (March. 
Steii into our world —- you 'll lore it. . .inside and out. 

Buz Sawyer, a veteran custom builder, takes pride in presenting homes like this four-bedroom masterpiece with 3,2oo sq. ft., kitchen with Magic 
Chef Deluxe built-ins, in­ direct lighting, marble vanities, fireplace and double garage. Sawyer custom builds within a 
75-mile radius. His homes can be seen in Hollywood 
Park, Oakhaven, Serene 
Hills, Oak Village North and Northwood Hills. 
Sawyer offers one-acre lots in most of these developments. 
L ._____________ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

Northcliffe shows models 

CLASSER!!!© DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSICO DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

"J. 
‘ 
HOMECRAFT REDUCES UTILITY BILLS BY 1 5 % 
. i 
■/*.••• '-v 
J 
' 
- f 
* 
.)f< by IN T R O D U C IN G A U N IQ U E “ S N U G H O M E ” IN N E W NORTHCLIFFE 

ALL THIS M E A N S S A V I N G S EVERY M O N T H IN UTILITY BILLS. 

NEW 
REFLECTIVE 
MODERN 
IN­ 

SULATION 
TECHNIQUE 
REDUCES 

ENERGY LOSS. EXTRA INSULATION 

IN THE WALLS AND ATTIC REDUCES 

HEAT LOSS OR GAIN. 

\t#i n n 3 
I1. .1 □ □ I 

□ □ 
; 

SPECIAL! 
7Vj% 

VA 

AVAILABLE 

ON ONE 

HOME. 

SOLAR GRAY GLASS BY PITTSBURG 
GLASS 
BLOCKS 
HARMFUL 
SUN 
RAYS YET PERMITS NATURAL LIGHT 
IN. SAVES O N AIR CONDITIONING 
IN 
SUMMER, 
REDUCES 
SUN 
BLEACHING OF CARPET, DRAPES 
AND FURNITURE. 

EXTERIOR STEEL DOORS ARE VERY 

DURABLE AND SECURE. STEEL IN 

SUL ATED 
DOORS 
WITH 
RE 

FRIGERATOR 
TYPE 
INSULATION 

AND 
SEALING 
TO 
ELIMINATE 

W IND DRAFT. 

Northcliffe, a major part of a new $15o million single-family residential 
/ golf course community off N.E. Ill 35 just north­ east of Hubertus Road 
(FM 11o3), presents at­ tractive financing terms this weekend for its new homes. 

Homes in the North­ cliffe community have received widespread at­ tention because of their innovative, energy-sav­ ing program which fea­ tures Snug Homes. 
Fine features 
H om ecraft’s 
Snug 
Home Program includes gray tint solar glass win­ dows, precis ion-fit ted steel doors which are in­ sulated and have a refri­ gerator -1 y p e rn a g n e t i e weatherstrip, insulated foil-back sheathing and an all-electric air condi­ tioning and heating sys­ tem. 

In addition to Home­ craft’s exclusive Snug 
Home 
Program , the 
Northcliffe homes have a one-vear w arranty on construction and all ser- vicable products. 

Northcliffe. priced from $37,25o to $44,95o, offers three- and four-be­ droom models with a choice of variety of ex­ terior designs — Tradi­ tional M editerranean, 
French and the like. 
Floor plans vary, too. 

Each home features a woodburning fireplace, all-brick exterior and spacious kitchen with built-in cabinets and an­ electric appliances. In addition, there is a prac­ tical pantry and washer- drycr area with overhead built-in cabinets adjacent to the two-car garage. 
Four professionally de­ 

 corated models are open here. 

Northcliffe is located is the Schertz-Cibolo-Uni- versa 
City 
School 
District. All schools have bus service a short eight-minute drive away. 
Emergency services to the entire community in­ clude police protection from the county and a volunteer service provid­ ed by the Schertz com­ munity nearby. 

YA financing, with a $1 total move-in, and con- ventiona loans, with only 
5 lier cent of the purchase price as down payment and low closing cost, are available to buyers in 
Northcliffe. 

Construction on the $2 million recreational faci­ lity program is well under way. It includes three lighted, standard play tennis courts and a professional centre court surrounded by tourna­ ment bleachers. 

An 18-hole golf course, swimming pool, wading pool and diving pool are to be included as well. 
Completion on the mul- ti-storv. 6,ooo-sq. ft clubhouse is scheduled for early April to coin­ cide with play on tin' golf course. 

Northcliffe is located 22 miles from downtown 
San Antonio via N E. Ill 
35; eight from 
New 
Braunfels. Walnut Shop­ ping Center, Gateway 
Shopping Center and 
Windsor Park Mall are all within a 15-minuti drive from the commun­ ity. 

To reach Northcliff^ take N .E. III 35 to the 
Cibolo-Hubertus Road exit and follow the signs to the community. 

ALL 
BRICK 
CONSTRUCTION 
ELIMINATES EXTERIOR PAINTING. 
ENHANCES BEAUTY, RESALE VALUE 
AND HELPS REDUCE HEAT LOSS 
THROUGH 
WAILS. 
BALANCED 
HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING 
SYSTEMS 
HOLDS 
TEMPERATURE 
WITHIN 3° O N COLDEST OR HOT- 
TFST ''AYS. 

Tanglewood firm grows 

SSS 
I** 

NORTHCLIFFE boasts most in tennis courts 

 t U it lF U P DISPLAY 
_ 
CiASSIFt»O P li» l* T 

NORTHCLIFFE 
$ 3 7 ,2 5 o TO $ 4 4 ,9 5 o 
NO PAYMENT ’TIL M AY 

COME O N OUT TODAY 
AND VISIT OUR FULLY 
DECORATED MODELS 
AND FIND OUT WHY A 
HOMECRAFT HOME IS 
YOUR BEST 
“ M O N E Y B U Y ” 

 w e D O N ’T BUILD THEM 
LIKE THEY USED TO... WE 
BUILD THEM BETTER... 

 ti 
□ 

QUALITY • INTEGRITY 
PRICE 

D rive 
1-35 north 
6.5 m ilos p ast Loop 1 6o 4 to exit 11o3. Follow signs. 

FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
659-o471 
OR 
625-9195 

Tanglewood Realty has announced the recent ac­ quisition of 
Regnier 
Realty Inc. 

The purchase of Reg­ nier, which had been in business around San An­ tonio for some 25 years, moved the Tanglewood offices to the Windcrest area at 5o15 Sherri Ann. 

Tanglewood Realty is a full-service firm dealing with residential, new homes and pre-owned; farm and ranee property; commercial real estate; and property manage­ ment. It is co-owned by 
Chuck DeLaney, who has been in real estate for some 25 years, and Bill 
Neighbors. 

As a full-service realty, 
Tanglewood has mem­ berships in 
Multiple lasting Service, San An­ tonio Board of Realtors, 
National Association of 
Realtors and Texas As­ sociation of Realtors 

Sales associates, also acquired with the Reg­ nier purchase, include 
Magdalena Maseorro, 
Marjie Doyell, Bud Dyer, 
Charles Malloy, Fmorey 
Zimmerman and Othell 
Bain. 

CLASSIFIER PISK AV 

-V* 
' >£>v • 
J v 
*"• •• 
'-i*' $. 
4 i' 
'* v’ ‘ 
*•’ 
Com e out to d a y and let our ap artm e n ts be the center of you r w orld! 
Efficiencies, 
I, 
2, 
3 b e d ro o m s and tow nhouses. 
(A ll util­ ities paid). Rents start at $1 8 5 /m o n th . 

. i c 4-!*/ * •» V t it 
>..*v 
J 1 J r l '«"►* J I >*r? - TGI 
■' " 
■ 
■ , C . v J : I 
Maison de Ville 

344-9158 
1ooo JACKSON.FEUER RO AD 

Build your future in 
Lakeside.. 

" 
I 

 y . f* 
I-'* 

 e t a * «>G« e 

| 
M D S K X * H -!! 

- - — j 
4 

P A in j 

IE 

 t FA* UA** * 
T il 

$ 

I III M W I O l i n 
S I L IO U 

 tv 

 the future starts today. 

 n 
~ 
~ 
" 

---------!L 

 r p ~ 

-i_____ L _ 

U 
J 

•*% 

I u t ; ii \ m h i n 
IOO 

SUNDANCE APARTMENT is THE PERFECT 
HOME for progress!** adults who ar* soaking mort than tho usual. Sun­ dance features a three bedroom 2 bath apartment that is ideal far roommates. The Apartments else feature ant af the most unusual recreational packages avail­ able anywhere in San An­ tonia. Join the "SUN SET and live at Sundance. 

No Payments 
'Til June 

» % V A wr I H i N e H e w n 
• VS% Conventional Financing 
Available 

Homes from $3o,ooo to $3o,ooo 
FURNISHED MODELS 
OREN IO til DUSK 

4615 Gardendale Road 
Telephone 512 69o-832o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN ADULT LIVING 

Come home to the 
Country in 
Lakeside. 

* 9oo bow •< park 
* U 

* SA. if fit's wa* e 

6 Hts city t o i l ipi I tpk yj tiff 

648-1221 anti iw bw« mx hsn rn 
I iiiiii iae sis met V 

< 

P age 
8 -D 
S a n Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Su n day February 2 7 1 9 7 7 
Bums Co. homes save power 

T A N G LE W O O D m odels d ra w m an y visitors d a ily 
Tanglewood lets you escape city but stay nearby 

S p r i n g is ju s t a r o u n d the c orn er, and it won t be long before the b l u e ­ bonnets and Indian paint b r u s h e s will invite San 
A n t o n i a n s to t o u r t h e c o u n try side an d take in the scenic delights. 
F o r t h o s e w h o e n j o y tilt* w o o de d l a n d s c a p e s an d r o l li n g h il ls id e s in nort hweste rn San Anton­ io. 
H ay 
E l l i s o n ’s 
T a n g l e w o o d s h o u l d be h ig h on t h e i r list of p l a c e s to v is it on t h e w e e k e n d . T a n g l e w o o d can tu r n a w e e k e n d e x ­ c u r s i o n into a d a il y li ­ festyle' for t h o s e who would find it hard to re ­ sist a rust ic f e e l in g of f r e e d o m a n d c a r e f r e e ' living. 
In ‘heart’ 
L o c a t e d w i t h i n e a s y d r i v in g distance' of the neig hborin g L TS A c a m - 

CLASSI WD DISPLAY 

 pus. the' imposing I SAA complex anti the splendid medical facilities of the 
South 
T e x a s 
M e d i c a l 
( enter, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynam ic m o v e m e n t m a k i n g San 
A n t o n i o ’s t h r u s t i n g growth northwest. 
At t h e s a m e t i m e , 
T a n g l e w o o d o f f e r s t h e peaceful serenity of c a r ­ efree country living am id gracious oaks and rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, con te m p o r­ ary d e s i g n s by Hay E l ­ lison a r c h i t e c t s m a k e 
Tanglewood an in t e r e s t­ ing combination of three- and fo u r -b e d ro o m , one* and two-story homes be­ gin n in g in th e low SHK and av a il a b le vv it Ii VA. 
KHA a n d conv cut i <»ii a I financing. 
Fire plac e s featured in most plans b ri n g c r a c k ­ ling w a r m t h an d ru s tic fU T J in iB DISPLAY--------- 
Garden 
‘W ge 

Q u a lity in ii C o u n tr y 
('.oui in a n ity 
F r o m 

* 5 5 ,o o o 
651-6237 

L a d s h a w - M itie r 
Development Co., Inc. 

 g l a m o r to c r i s p 
T a n g l e w o o d e v e n i n g s . 
Hut r u s t i c c h a r m is m ix e d vv it Ii c o n t e m p o r ­ ary convenience in beau­ tiful, functional kitchens that t r a n s f o r m co o li n g c hore s into c uli nary a d ­ v e n t u r e s . R i c h . h a n d ­ crafte d wood c a b in e try ; self-cleaning double-oven e l e c t r i c r a n g e s ; d i s h ­ w a s h e r s a n d d i s p o s e r units; plus stainless steel s i n k s a n d f i x t u r e s all combine to allow kitchen cho re s to be p e r f o r m e d with m o r e fun an d less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of 
T a n g l e w o o d l i v in g a r e m a n y a n d v a r i e d for housewives and mothers, c h il d re i an d t e e n a g e r s from the w ooded s u b d i ­ vision enjoy o u ts ta n d in g ed ucatio nal faci li ti es of the 
N o r t h s i d e 
S chool 
D i s t r i c t , a l o n g w ith in t e re s t in g a n d d iv e r s e social p r o g r a m s and e x ­ t r a c u r r i c u l a r a c t i v i t i e s for y o u n g p eo p le of all ages. 

For w e e k e n d or e v e n ­ ing r e c r e a t i o n in th e g r e a t T a n g l e w o o d o u t ­ doors. tennis courts and s w i m m i n g pool a r e nearby. For those whose en tertainment tastes lean to the night life, discoth­ eque dan cing and unique cuisine abound in e x c it­ ing n o r t h w e s t e r n San 
Antonio, with th e mos t popular spots located ful­ ly m i n u te s aw ay via e x ­ pressways. 

W h il e m a n y S an A n ­ tonio b u i l d e r s a d d r e s s t h e m s e l v e s to t h e e n ­ ergy-efficient h o m e now that they’re in the face til' s p i r a l i n g u t i li ty c o s t s , the B u rn s Co. be gan d e ­ sig n in g energ y-effi cient h o m e s to s e r i o u s l y r e ­ duce en ergy waste within h o m es as m a n y as four years ago. 

A n d . w h i l e m a n y builders are adding extra i n s u l a t i o n a n d d o u b l e glass windows. Burns set out to tackle the biggest e n e r g y - w a s t e r of all — air infiltration 

‘Unnecessary’ 

Air in filtratio n is th e u n n e c e s s a r y m o i om en ! ol air into or out of your h o m e . W h il e s o m e ait movement occurs in d a i­ ly activities, such as e n ­ tering or leaving through a door, the ove rw he lm ing p e r c e n t a g e e s c a p e s or e n te r s d u e to loose c o n ­ struction techniques. 

Tests have proven that up to 41 per cent of your cooling and heating costs can be att rib u te d to the effects of air infiltration 
As new a i r m o v e s into y o u r h o m e , it m u s t be r e c o o l e d o r r e h e a t e d . 
Eventually, all the air in th e r o o m will b e r e ­ placed. 

\\ hile one chan ge of air p e r r o o m e a c h h o u r is r e a s o n a b l e ( s o m e o ld er homes have a rate of four ch anges of air per hour), the av era ge Burns home c h a n g e s a i r o n ly o n c e every two hours. 

T h i s r e m a r k a b l e ' d e ­ crease in infiltration rate1 is brought about by the extra time and effort that goes into the* construction of a B u r n s Co. “ P o w e r 
Saver" home. Each step of co nst ru ction include s e n e r g y - c o n s e r v i n g t e c h ­ niques to seal out air in­ filtratio n. E x t r a in s u l a ­ tion a n d d o u b l e g l a s s windows are st an dard, as are power ventilators. 

Although WI per cent of the added energy-saving techniques a re invisible 

 iii a completed home, the difference they make will be clearly visible on your monthly utility bill. 

F r o m top to b o t t o m a n d f r o m i n s i d e o u t. 

 e v e r y B u r n s h o m e is built to m e e t s t r i c t en- e r g y - e f f i c i e n c y s t a n ­ dards. And. while this is a m a i o r c o n c e r n of th e 

B u rn s Co., it n e v e r n e g ­ lects the styling or liva­ bility of the home 

T h e “ P o w e r S a v e r ’’ homes collection features e x c it in g o p tio ns to suit any lifestyle. H a n d so m e living a r e a s w ith de ep- pile carp etin g and furni­ t u r e - f i n i s h e d p a n e l i n g a re planned arou nd su n ­ ken conversation pits or m o r e tr a d it io n a l p la ns. 
All include vvoodburning f i r e p l a c e s a n d b u il t- in bookcases. Some models feature a roll-out TV c a ­ binet. co m p lete ly a n t e n ­ na-wired. u nder the st air landing. 
S p a c i o u s m a s t e r b e ­ droom s include s e p a r a te d r e s s i n g a r e a s a n d walk-in closets. Built-in alcov ed b e d s w ith m a t ­ t r e s s e s . d r a w e r s p a c e an d toy s t o r a g e a r e o p ­ tional iii s o m e u p s t a i r s ch il dren’s bedrooms. 

E x t r a f e a t u r e s a r e found in the “ wife s a v e r " kitchen areas, too. Many b e c o m e f a m i l y a c ti v it y c e n t e r s , s o m e w ith u p ­ d a t e d v e r s i o n s of th e breakfast nook popular in the 192os. T h e m o d e r n p la n f e a t u r e s b u i l t - i n s e a t i n g w i t h s h e l v e d plant windows and niches for greenery. 

The B u rn s Co. invites all p r o s p e c t i v e h o m e buyers in San Antonio to se e t h e a d v a n t a g e s of owning a " P o w e r Saver" home. B u r n s Co. r e p r e ­ sentatives will be happy to show in t e r e s t e d p e r ­ so n s h o m e s u n d e r c o n ­ s t r u c t i o n to p o i n t out power-saving techniques inv isible in a compl eted h ome. Salt's offices a re open in The Great North­ west and Hidden Forest daily except W e d n esd ay from noon to fi p.m. 

Burns C o . fe a tu re s 
“ Pow er 
S a v e r " 

 homes with the most up to date features for c o n se rv in g e n ­ ergy. The firm’s prin­ cipal ow ner, B u ddy 
Burns, pioneered the 
“ Power S a v e r’' con ­ 

 cept some four years a g o in San Antonio and has improved on it tre m e n d o u sly by keeping up with the latest and most effi­ cient techniques and 

 products. 

 c l a s s ic o Ort H a y 
Cl ASSirilD DISPLAY 
Ct ABfillB BISHAY eiASSIUCD DISPLAY 

Gracious diving Jftagins 'HTHti 
(Barsful Jlan 

Another M ik e Kinder original in O a k Creek 
Northw est. 

From *7 9 , 5 o o to *1 1 5 , o o o 

1o9 o2 W ild G ra p e 

G am e Rm 
* Db* M nstw y 
App fireplace j.<j ,24 w Gos bgkfpr & 

• 
3, 4 & 5 bedrooms with split orrongem ents 

• 
3 & 4 bath designs 

• 
Wet bors and Ceiling Fans 

• large oaks— Horseshoes Drives 

. 
• 
Beamed Cathedral Ceilings i f 
<//? 
/ 
• 
Microwaves— Continuous Clean Ovens 

 y r 
• 
Will Trade or Custom Build 

• 
9 Models Open Daily 

- 
J 
6 9 6 - 8 3 3 o 

I mile out Vance Jackson from Loop 4 I o 
Heating 
...a name you can feel 
Cooling comfortable with. 

CLASSIfllO DISPLAY classim io display 
This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I’d bkt itt shed Mime lighttm your old home. It your home is 
•S years old or older, chances are it’s obsolete. 
That s right, obsolete Be­ cause at the time your home vs as built, there were virtually in* energy effi­ ciency standards As a result, many San Antonians arc tat. i ii with utility hills that may soon exceed their house payments! 
Why NOW Is The Time To Buy . 
Let s Knik at the tacts Since you invested ill your home a tew years ago, two things have hap­ pened For one. you’ve bein making house payments tor sev­ eral years, so your i ijuttv has grown Tint, since the cost ut building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost ol repLu ma your home has increased 
BUT. because your old home isn t energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy And believe ii or ut»i homeowners around the country arc actually beginning to /tm money when they sell their oldc r home s Because no 

 httdy wants to buy a home w here the ct 'st ut heating and cooling exceeds the monthly payments 
Mv advice is this With tilt money you can make by se King your old home right now , you i un probable i i i,ike the us ti paym ent and nim e m in u new bum s I U Pow er Sneer * hom e tinLn . Anti, while your house payments may he a little higher, the lower utility hills should e a s i l y offset the difference. I he only thing you t an't afford to do is wait m m Ii longer 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood burning fireplaces Big, bright 
"wife saver kitchens with 
General Llecttic appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and lull s|-i tubs And elegant master suites, with vc alk iii closets and separate dressing areas Priced from S4MMK) in 
$6S(o«K) For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
I see map!, or your realtor Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose 

C ome Hi e Mi Homes I odav. 
Take a few minutes t h i s atter din»n ti» see my new Power 
S a v e r homes in Hidden f oil st and t he Great Northwest 
You ll sec handsunic living areas, vc uh plush d u p pile taipei fur iii t u n finished p a n e l 

Pow n Saver ll* Vt* sit I It, Mn. 41 h^tki Tim ber wi lite in The 
C,real Northwest 

Oakcreek Northwest one mile north of 
N .W . Loop 41o via Vance Jackson Road, will present another Mike Kinder original this weekend. At 1o9o2 W ild G rape in the master craftsman's showcase com­ munity is a striking, daringly different four-bedroom, four-bath masterpiece with 

 two patios, family room, game room, bar area, dining room, all-electric kitchen with breakfast bar and a two-car garage fin­ ished to the point of paneling. The custom builder’s homes in this area are priced from $79,5oo. 

TOKUWP BUHAY 
CLASM FIID DISPLAY 
CLASSI*HD DISPLAY 
CLA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

APARTMENT 
MEANT FOR 
SHARING 

Identically sized bed­ rooms make this two- bedroom, townhouse-style apartment perfect for sha­ ring! 
Each has a large walk-in closet and full bath. 

The kitchen is spacious and by a walk-in utility room with washer-aryer connections. 

You'll find the dining and living areas comfortable and the atrium an asset for parties, cookouts, or private sunbathing. 

L'Atriums are secluded from the rush of town by an arca of native oaks that form a setting perfect for its large swimming pool. 

START WITH A PATIO AND 

 rn r* 

ONE, TWO, and THREE BEDROOMS 

UNFURNISHED. ALL BILLS PAID 

NATRIUMS OF 

G 
INNAMo N 

9214 DARTBROOR DR. 696-o1 46 

A new day is coming to 
Briarw iek in northeas­ tern Bexar County. 
All-new homes, a new and wider selection of floor plans and new fur­ nished models are center stage in Briarwiek. 
Price range 
New homes in Briar- wick are priced from 
$28,5oo to $43,ooo. They boast the latest energy- saving features: the fin­ est luxuries and most up-to-date conveniences. 
Each Briarwiek home has all the luxuries you look for in a new home. 
Central air and heat, ex­ quisite carpeting, profes­ sionally decorated inter­ iors and kitchens with dishwashers, disposers, ranges and vent hoods 
Many have fireplaces, indoor utility rooms, sunken living areas, beamed and vaulted ceilings and garden kit­ chens. 
Briarwiek is served by the North East District. 
The children attend its preferred schools: R e­ gency Elementary. Ma­ dison Middle and M a­ cArthur High 
Away from the noise and congestion of the ci­ ty. Briarwiek is like liv­ ing in the country. It is nestled atop a lovely hill overlooking Northern 
Hills Country Club. 
Less than two minutes away, numerous shop­ ping centers provide every convenience. Re­ creational facilities and community parks are also nearby. 
No city taxes in Briar- wick means lower monthly payments than for a comparable home in another area. 
VA financing can be arranged with no down payment and no closing costs. Other types of fin­ ancing are also available. 
To reach Briarw iek, drive north of Loop 41(1 on 
Wetmore 
Road. 

GREAT AM ERICA hom es found in seven prestige communities 
Great America homes emphasize all quality with custom touches 

Quality built elegance and dynamic styling add up to the personality-plus 
Great Am erica homes creating so much excite­ ment among home buyers in San Antonio 
Every turn of the cor­ ridor and every room of the home surprises the visitor with refreshing and exciting features 

Enter a Great America 

CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 
CLASSIFIC) D ISM A Y 

Great bathroom, 
Carol McClannahan! 

D on't be surprised it someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handffnished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburn- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practicality and encrgy-cfficiency. 

 home tn the breathtak­ ing. panoramic view of a spacious living area with brick-crafted fireplaces and soaring ceilings which may extend beyond second-story liv­ ing areas or indoor bal­ conies. Generous panels a} glass merge the envir­ onment and the home in­ to one airy, open living concept. 
Panoramic 

Natural utilization of space by the 
Great 
America home designers elim inates the four- walled. dosod-in feeling of conventional housing. 
Instead, a Great America home may center life ar­ ound an enormous family living area adjacent to the breakfast nook and kitchen and with easy access to outdoor patios, pools and garden lands­ caping. 
Formal living and din­ ing areas, many va ith bu ilt-in buffets, cabinets and glass-doored upper cabinets for display lie to the opposite side of the kitchen, creating a com­ plete walk-through serv­ ing area perfect for home entertaining. 
This unstructured feeling of extended living space is found among the bedrooms and master suite, all tucked away from traffic areas for privacy and many with sloped ceilings, glass- paneled walls and indoor or outdoor balconies overlooking great views or living areas below. 
Master suite plans exa­ mine the alternatives to 

 design, styling, practicality ana energy-ei 
But that's only the inside story. Outside, 
.reat 
On# V * lr 
% AM* 
----- - 
^ . 
............... 
I 
America homes are strikingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, cedar trim and 

 second-story balconies. 
Others are simple, yet ele­ gant. But all are equally suited to entertaining and day-to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo 
Visit these fine communities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional informa­ tion on a particular community, call 69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are Great America homes, lust ask any of our homeowners. 
K GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

Uh* dark and crowded baths common to most homes with separate 
“ his-n-her” dressing ar­ eas, vanities and walk-in closets connected by a sunken 
Roman tub. 
Other plans combine pa tio and sitting areas in the master suite. 
You w ill find Great 
America homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. 
In the northwest, new 
Great Am erica homes are available in the countryside setting of 
Park Forest, off Lock- hill-Solma Road north of 
Wurzbaeh Road where homes range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hid­ den ( reek features Great 
Am erica homes from 
$ HH,OOO to $115,ooo and is located off Vance .laek- son Road nortli of NAV. 
Loop till 
Also in northwestern 
San Antonio, Forest Oaks 
Estates offers Great 
Am erica homes from 
$45,5oo to $Ho,OOO Visit the community by driv­ ing north on Evers Road off N.W Loop 41o. (ireat 
LIM*MHS MULAY 

Am erica’s newest com munity, Elm ('reek, is located off Loekhill Sel­ ma Road north of Wilt*/ bach Road and features new homes from $58,ooo to $75,oo(1 
In northern San Anton­ io, new Great America homes an* available in 
Thousand Oaks, a quiet community off San Pedro 
Avenin* north of N V\ 
Loop 41o, with homes from $59,ooo to $75,ooo. 
Hidden Forest is nestled among the rolling hills of northern San Antonio on 
Hitters Road off Blanco 
Road, and new Great 
America homes are avai­ lable i i i the community from $58,ooo to $72,ooo. 

The Oaks in San Pedro 
Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking down­ town San Antonio, fea­ tures Great Am erica homes from $49,7oo to 
$Ho,OOO Visit the com­ munity north of NAV 
Loop 41o off Sail Pedro 
Avenue 
Great Am erica sales offices are open daily from IO a.m. until dusk. 

-------- 
C U LiiiO C D M ACLAY 

Go Soak Yourself 

CUSTOM BUILT 
I 
HOT TUBS 
INSTALLED 

(M I LITAN ( I NMM,ll NM 
(51 2) 657-o657 anura* miala v 

SIO. ag* 
Utility 

2 Cfi Cai ag* 

Litnny Lott 

Living Room 

Dining 
-I 
J 
J— 

- i . j 
L o r n i r o n s m 
T H A I L W O O D 

269o6 BENT TRAIL ... 
A country home featuring a versatile loft for library or guest room. 

Tracts Also Available 
Op*n daily »*m rn Dusk 

• 1 Vt to 3-acre wooded home- sites, from $7,15o. 
• Hilltop vistas and sweeping valleys. 
• Room for a horse, or your own orchard 
• 15-year tract f inane if available 

V im! 11 •ntvMMiii \ Booth and Slide Frewnlalion at C fi.IIJI Pj i L Mall, 
Uppei Level. 
Don Sm ith Co. 
698-2261 • 698-2832 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S j—Sunday February 27 1977 

Briarwiek opens series 

Trailwood houses suit Hill Country 

The family looking for peaceful country living north of San Antonio will find that Trailwood fills all qualifications. 
Trailwood is an exclu­ sive area of prime wood­ ed properties varying in size from I’-2* to 3-acre hom esites priced from 
$7,15o. 
----------- ciA isT m b bisSUr---------- 

The seren ity of the cou n trysid e has been maintained in Trailwood through careful planning of the tract locations. The b enefits of ow ning acreage in this beautiful area of h illtops and sw eep in g v a lley s are many. 
The tracts in Trailwood 
C L A SSI TflbbKPLAY----------------- 

 leave plenty of space for gardens or orchards, as well as room for a horse or two. Bikers and hikers will find hours of plea­ sure on the wide, winding drives through the area. 
Don Smith Co. is pre­ sently featuring an ex­ cellent selection of fine homes that offer unusual 
CLAJJWfb N5KAY 
INTERESTED 
IN 
REAL ESTATE 

HOW ABOUT A COMPANY 

THATS ZEROED IN ON THE 

FUTURE, WITH LARGE OF­ 

FICE 
SPACE, 
NICELY 

FURNISHED, 
FULLY 

EQUIPPED AND PRO­ 

MINENTLY 
LOCATED 
THEN READ ON 

TANGEIWooD REALTY is the 

 nome — presently independent 

 but flexible, progressive but pru­ 

 dent A company that recognizes 

 individuals needs, and can adjust to 

 them. Tanglewoods tangible targets, 

 highest commissions in the area plus 

 an outstanding bonus program. 

A PHON! CAU CAN BE THI START et Something good FOR YOU. 
CAU 
CHUCK DeLANEY 
OR 
BILL NEIGHBORS 
655-7713 

Read Dan Cook 

Mr. Sports 

 o f San Antonio 

 in the San Antonio News 

 floor plans of three and four bedroom s, rock fireplaces, cathedral ceilings, wooden decks and large patios. 

The home designs have been chosen to blend with the country environment, yet contain all the luxury features hoped for in homes priced from 
IBI .HOO to $92,5oo. Much thought has boon given in the p lacem ent of the homes to gain the best advantage of prevailing sum m er breezes. Addi­ tional insulation in Don 
Smith hom es includes subfloor insulation, in­ suring econom ical e n ­ ergy use. 

The home at 289oo Bent 
Trail is a good example of Don Smith C o.’s in­ genuity. The home has three generously sized bedrooms, master bath with sunken bathtub and guest bath The 15 by 22 foot living room features a corner rock fireplace and sliding glass doors to an outside patio that has a view of the surrounding woods. The star feature of this large home of 
2,o22 sq ft. is a unique 15 by IB foot library loft, overlooking the living room and accessible via a circular, wrought iron stairway. An all-electric kitchen, breakfast room, formal dining room, full utility room and two-car garage with large stor­ age area com p lete the floor plan. 

Other homes in Trail- wood are available from builders Carl Bago, KUN 
Co.. Hon Macon, Boerne 
Community Builders and 
Homes by Vicki (Vicki 
Schleyer). 

Trailwood has no city taxes but is serviced by the Southw estern Bell 
Telephone Co. and a se­ lection of either the 
Northside or the Boerne 
School District. City-tvpe utilities are available in 
Trailwood 

UTS A. 
USA A. the 
South T exas M edical 
Center and major shop­ ping malls in northwes­ tern San Antonio are within a short driving distance from Trailwood. 

CLA&IUFUb DUMAY 

W O O D H IU APARTMENTS situated ‘naturally’ 
Woodhill’s units set amid nature 

Discover 

In the |»u-t. 11 i<l tit ii F arr*! ha- been a nam e o f e lrg an re in living a m o n g 
San Antonian*. Loda*, the nam e »igitifte* m -to in . country hornets nestled on wom lrtl hillside- in a aeetuded and private atm osphere. The de-ign la w arm , elegant, rich att ling that ha- proved to Id- in keeping with the protad tradition of San Antonio. 

Sinn, H idden Forest in proud to atinounre the opening of M orning HUI 
— a lim ited area o f e*elu*ive residence- on large, lo av th w ooded, hilltop allot* 

B oth H idden Fares! anti Morning Hill offer ou!*tanding view* o f dow ntow n San Antonio aud the hill country no rth o f the city. It ii* a rare opportunity for tho**- fam ilies who desire convenience, no city ta ae*. 
North# ast N'hool* including C hurchill High Seh#H»L ami outstanding recreational faeUiiie- c o m plete with private ti-nnt* court* and s w im chin and featuring hom es by tw ch e of San Antonio'* Uncut builders 

For inform ation call K28-fil.’i l . 

From # 5 o ,o o o 

 in H idden F’orest 
F rom #7o,ooo 

 in M orning HIH 

 superb lot to ion a md dor* n**t exit* an vaAcre in .San A n ton io, 
Another Denton Development 

A convenient location, invigorating country- fresh atm osphere and handsome designer in­ teriors m ake Woodhill 
Apartments popular. 
Some recent residents at the apartment community, 49o9 Wood- stone Dr. off the Huebner 
Road exit from NAV. Ill 
IO, moved there because i f s only m inutes from the South Texas Medical 
(e n te r and the new 
USAA complex. Others, including some military personnel, chose Wood­ hill purely for its esthetic value. 
Hilltop 

 cheery interiors give the com m unity a most ap­ pealing appearance. 
Woodhill's thoughtful planning includes ample room for full-size washers and dryers with connections provided in some floor plans. Wood- burning fireplaces, pri­ vate patios and balconies, private dress­ ing areas and separate dining areas and, in som e units, breakfast nooks. 
An ideal spot for en ­ tertaining or being en ­ tertained is Woodhill's elegant clubhouse, pool and sun patio. The faci­ lities include a formal 

 clubroom with fireplace, game room with card ta­ bles and separate lounge with fireplace. 
W oodhill’s spacious one- and two-bedroom studios and one-, two- and three-bedroom apartm ent hom es are now leasing. Furnished model apartments are on display and the Leasing 
Information center open daily until 9 p m 
Woodhill is a develop­ ment most easily reached by taking NAV. Ill IO north to the Huebner 
Road exit and continuing on the a cc e ss road to 
Woodsville Drive and the entrance to Woodhill. 

A truly graciou s ad­ dress. Woodhill is situat­ ed at the top and side of a quiet, wooded hill with a beautiful, unspoiled view of genuine rolling h ill­ sides. The rustic, con­ temporary redwood e x ­ terior and bright and 

Ct AiSlfTlO DISAIA Y flAiUTffO^ISPLAY 

Just OFF 
I 946 N.E. Loop 41o 
826-2355 
FEATURES 
Our Efficiency 
, . ’ 1 5 5 

This efficiently designed floorplan comes complete with dressing room, bath and huge walk-in closet. A bachelor or single girl will love the step-saving kitchen with serving bar — great for guests. 
There’s an extra outside storeroom too, for all your once-a-year things. 
559 Sq. Ft. 

5 8”x1o’11 

DINING 

 m o - x ir 

LIVING 

 i r x i 4 ’ 

BEDROOM 

 m Style by o URE INVESTORS 

NO RRIS SCHW ARZ 
Schwarz heads realty 

A long-standing friend of the 
San 
Antonio builder-dev eloper com ­ munity has joined Mor­ ton / Southwest. 

Norris Schwarz of San 
Antonio recently was nam ed m anager of 
Morton 
/ 
Southwest 
Realty, with offices at 
I IHI J Perrm-Beitel Rd. 

Well known 
Schwarz is well known in and has been closely related to the building* development and real es­ tate business in San An­ tonio for more than IO years. 

Before coming to San 
Antonio, Schwarz was a partner in A dcraft, one of the largest advertising agencies in Little Rock. 
Ark With other related experience in wire ser­ vice, newspapers, radio and TV work, he has a total of m ore than 2o years experience in mass media and advertising. 

Prior to assuming his position with Morton / 
Southwest 
Realty. 
Schwarz was classified advertising director of the Express / News Corp 
Schwarz is a Phi Theta 
Kappa graduate of Little 
Rock Junior College, an extension of the Univer­ sity of Arkansas. He is serving on the Publicity and Public* Relations and 
Builder - Realtor Com­ m ittees of San Antonio 
Bourd of Realtors Inc. 
(SABORI, Schwarz is also on the Sales and 
Marketing and Program 
C om m ittees of the 
G reater San 
Antonio 
Builders 
A ssociation 
(OSABA) and a member of the San Antonio Mort­ gage Bankers A ssocia­ tion. 

AT WOODHILL YOU 
C F T A W A Y 
BY JUST GOING HOME 

We have one bedroom flats designed to make it easy for you to 

 live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our 

 one bedroom otters extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a 

 separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You'll enjoy the unique Woodhill Lifestyle — a get away without 

 leaving home. There’s lots of fresh a ir. . . quiet nights, three pools, 

 tennis court and 

 two club houses. 

WOODKE! 
APARTMENTS 
69o-17oo 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

I 
. 
I 
I 

B A IM x --r 
DIMM, 
K IT C H IN 

3 
2 

| 
....... 

Bt DROOK# 
LIV INC. R O O M 

________________________________ 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday February 27 1977 

Davis wins escrow post 

San Antonio EXPRES5-N EW S—Sunday February 27 1977 
Page I I D 

R A Y W ILEY, left, and Frank M an u p e lli 
Ray Wiley wins special blazer 

Mission Title Co. Pre­ sident Roger Bowden has announced that John Da­ vis has joined the com­ pany as escrow officer. 
Davis is in the company's main offices in the Alamo 
Savings Tower. 
Davis has 17 years of experience in the real estate, construction and title business. He has re­ cently been involved in teaching real estate for new' brokers and agents. 
In making the an­ nouncement, 
Bowden 

Ray W ile y received his Royal 
Purple Spike Club Blazer from 
Prank Manupelli, president of 
Greater San Antonio Builders 
Association, for having brought 
15o new members into the asso­ ciation. 
Wiley joins a select group of only 6o wearers of the blazer — out of the Na­ tional Association of Home Builders' 
82,ooo-plus members. 
Highly respected 

The Royal Purple Blazer is a highly respected symbol among 
Spike 
Clubers for outstanding achievement in the membership field. W iley achieved this highest Spike pinnacle in 

 a three-year period. He joins builder- developer Jim Uptmore as the only other member of the local association to achieve this level of recognition. 
Wiley, during his tenure as mem­ bership chairman, created the famous 
Rusty Spike Award for "unmeritorious non-achievement.” 
Wiley said, “ Look, fella. Member­ ship work requires a degree of persis­ tence and perspicacity unmatched by an other committee work. After all, you’re asking a guy to put his money on the line, and we needed to find a way to put some humor into the thing. 
Hence, the Rusty Spike Award.” 
It is a sought-after and a cherished insiders award presented usually at 
Wiley's discretion. Manupelli is one of the awardees. 

 said. “ John will be very much of an asset to this company. He has an ex­ cellent background, and ho is deeply committed to professionalism in the real estate and title in­ dustries.'' 
He added that the ad­ dition of Davis to the 
Mission Title staff is an­ other part of the com­ pany's policy of provid­ ing the best possible title service to attorneys, builders and real estate agents. 

 i i h m ^ 
^ it 
& I 

Mortgage money available 

Three years ago, when mort­ gage money was scarce, most home buyers were happy just to get through a lenders’ front door. In many parts of the country, what money was avai­ lable carried interest rates of IO per cent or even higher. 

‘‘Happily, today mortgage money is readily available, and most rates of interest have dropped to about 9 per cent.” reports Larry Rosow of Rosow & 
Kline, Realtors. "Many mortgage in­ stitutions are again competing for homes to finance, and the buyer is an excellent position to shop for lower rates of interest and fewer service charges." 
What lenders look for 

“ In shopping for a mortgage, the home buyer should realize that a lend­ ing institution is looking for property that justifies financing and a buyer with established credit.” states Resow . 
“ The size of the down payment is im­ portant. Generally, the larger the cash investments by the buyer, the more favorable terms from the lender.” 
Most buyers are adv ised to put up at least 2o per cent of the home’s selling price, although various mortgage in­ surance programs can reduce down payment requirements to IO or even 5 per cent. Lower down payments, though, generally carry extra costs, higher interest rates and additional service charges. 
“ Of course, most real estate firms such as ours maintain close contacts with local mortgage lenders,” Rosow concludes, “ and a part of our service is helping buyers secure the most favor­ able home loans available.” 
Beyond the size of the down pay­ ment, a shopper for a home mortgage will make a good first impression on lending officers by having facts and figures organized, suggests Rosow. 
“ This is particularly important for people moving into San Antonio from other parts of the country because the gutiiiwio 

Chandler to Lakeside 

BO B O W E N S, right, and Terry W ie g e l 
Jefferson office starts 

Schaefer, the build­ ing-marketing division for houses by Schaefer 
Cos., has announced the recent appointment of a new salt's manager for 
Lakeside. 
Don Chandler, who joined Schaefer about a year ago. is the sales manager for the firm s homes iii the southeast­ ern Bexar County devel­ opment 
Chandler, who holds a 
Bachelor of Arts degree awarded by Texas AAM 
University with a major m economics and minor in real estate, pre\ mush managed sales in two northern 
San 
Antonio communities. Northern 
Hills and 
Live 
Oak 
Estates. 
He is a Dallas native who says lie's found real estate sales iii the San 
Antonio area a “ chal tonging career.” 
Chandler was cited bv 

I , * * J s .’-V * ' ' 
J ’ A * > . ' h *. > 

D O N C H A N D L E R 

Schaefer for selling more than $2 million i ii real estate last year. 

 ciAisimo oTmiir 

 home purchase and mortgage loan are among their first business dealings in our community.” 
Rosow A Kline, Realtors, is a member of RELO. the nation's largest not-for-profit relocation service and suggests that mortgage loan shoppers: 
•Provide the lending officer with a copy of the sales agreement which in­ cludes the purchase price and address of the new home. 
•Keep in mind the cash investment you are able to make, recognizing that the lender will determine the amount of the mortgage loan on an official ap­ praisal report of the home's market value. If the home is priced higher than the appraiser determines it is worth, you may have to make up the difference with a higher down pay­ ment. 
•List the family's current income and its sources — salaries and invest­ ments. 
•List the fam ily’s current assets, including savings account balances, life insurance policies, equity in other property, market value of stocks and other investments, including auto­ mobiles. home furnishings, art work and jewelry. 
•List family's credit references — banks, department stores, credit un­ ions. institutions granting previous mortgages. 
•List the family’s financial obliga­ tions — bank loan and revolving credit balances, ongoing medical expenses such as nursing home care for tduei 1> relatives, educational bills such as college expenses. 
“ By putting this information to­ gether before you shop for your home kum. you’ll be able to support your requests in an efficient and business­ like manner, Rosow points out. “ Alao, as you will want to talk with several lending institutions, you’ll have the information each needs ready to transfer to their individual application forms.” 
DISMAY 

JO H N D A V IS, right, and R oge r Bow den 

Close door 

CtAMimO WJBIAY 

If the doors to those rooms are kept open, they defeat their purpose because the heat from the other rooms flows in­ to the cool areas, so the units in the warm rooms keep working overtime as the heat flows out. 

CtAMiniD WWUT 

Homeowners with elec­ tric baseboard are trying to reduce their bills by drastically reducing the temperature in some rooms when they arc not being used, reports the 
Better Heating-Cooling 
Council. 

Robert E. Owens Sr., president of 
Beanie 
Owens Co., Realtors, has announced the opening of a new office at 341 St 
Cloud in the Jefferson area. 

Its owner-manager is 
Terry Wiegel 
Although operational for several weeks, the business was officially launched with an open house last week. 

Participating in the festivities were business neighbors; associates in the real estate, title and mortgage industries; 
Deanie Owens officers 

 and staff; and communi­ ty leaders. 
The opening of the of- fiee marks the introduc­ tion of localized real es­ tate services into the 
Jefferson area "We saw a need iii this neighbor­ hood and fulfilled i t " said Wiegel “ This is an area of older, larger homes, and there is a specific market for these homes.” 
Wiegel added that the office would be open se­ ven days a week, and hi* extended an un italian to customers and neighbors to come iii and get ac­ quainted. 

Thermostats 

Saves cost 

It’s possible to save from HI to 15 per cent on tilt' cost of home re­ modeling bv doing some of the work yourself. Pp to date building pro­ 

 ducts. such as Ander­ sen’s Perma-Shicld win­ dows and gliding doors, enable many a competent do-it-yourselfer to handle the carpentry. 

If you must constantly raise the setting on your room thermostat to stay comfortable iii cold weather, the chances are you have a Ime-voltage thermostat. These usual­ ly are installed with electric baseboard heaters and have the un- 

~ t LASlIFIIB BISHAY------- 

C L A S S IF IE D D IS M A Y 
C l A S S IH fD D IS M A Y 
C L A S S IflC D D IS M A Y 

 fortunate characteristic of “ droop.” 
That s a problem in­ herent in some of these thermostats, and the best remedy is to install a lovv-voltage thermostat instead, advises the Bet­ ter 
Heating-Cooling 
Council. 

C H W W ft MSHAX 
NORTHWOOD 

H O M ! OF TH I 7 7 
BIG O A K S 

APARTMENTS 
FR O M 
*165 *31o 

A l l UTILITIES 
P A ID 

8315 N. V A N D IV E R 
826-5531 
OFF L O O P 4 1 o N .I . 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET OMIT ONE 
MINUTE FROM IN IO 
ADULT I FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WOOOSTONi 

T- 
/<\\\rJ V lj£ fTSrOi 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

The 

C a n m a n 

3939 Frederiikiburf 14. 

 ff€St^»by 
Q u f e m v e s t o r s 
732-9611 

SEEING IS BELIEVING 
3 ,2 o o Sq. Ft. 
Living Area 
With Double G arage 

Built on Your lot or Land 

(within 75 miles) 

*57,5oo 

4 Bedroom 

Family home 

Full masonry 

S ) 

 r i 

■ ■ma 

- 
BR. 
BR. 
BR 
- 

I 
HALL 
I ....... 

Upstairs 

« rf 
GICC 
MAGIC CHEF 

S 
P 

DR C l 

M B R 

NOOK 

F R O O M 

 uv. 

 d i n . 

W R . 
UT. 

G A R . 
Down 

• Concrete foundation 
• Ouo/ify kiln dried lumber by 
Gino Lumber rn O wens Corning fiberglass insulation 6 -316 ” . 
• Deluxe Magic Chef built-in kitchen 
• Friedrich central air conditioning by Horry Crosland 

• Covered patio 

W e have lots available 

• Quality carpet vinyl by Wilton 
Carpet Co. 
• Marble vanities 
• Tile tub and shower 
• Indirect lighting 
• Plate Glass mirrors in baths 

Buz Sawyer 

4 9 4 -2 7 4 3 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

 iQUFIMVeSTORS 
’/bpPBMT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4 5 1 5 G a r d e n d a l e 

6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

O E I 
MIK 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 

M s 
V ? 

6 5 6 - o 1 8 8 

EL M A D RID 
APARTMENTS 

Fireplaces 
"C o m p le te 
All electric kitchens 

 e Wastrer Dryer 
Connections e All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 - 2 8 4 6 
6111 V ance Ja ck so n 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

All ideal I<m.Ilion 
Vex! to T u rtle Creek 
G o lf Catur*** 
U U U -TO t a 
IM. Ill I ..Ii Ii..'i ii Itri'r 

ARAMTMENTX. 

9525 LO RINE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

® The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
AH with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 -— All Bills Poid 
1543 Babcock 
3 4 1 -2 2 2 8 

I 82 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o 

T e r r a 

A lta 

 tUKN I UNF URN lilt Al FOK lOUPUV 
AMJ St UDE MIX 

411 EVEREST 
82 8-533o 

NOB 
N I ii 

A M lR T M E N T S 

Nob Mill Apartments off IN-IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

© 

© FRENCH CHALET 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THA ULTI MATK APARTMENT 
C O M M U N IT Y 
344-4616 

® LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ T EN N IS W O R L D " 
• 
MIAL IM 
ANO M E R O W C L M 
• A IU,'I I ANO I AMU I U C 11ONS 

I S 
M f t i T 
A ,A * .M IN T * 

• N o # I H i A t T W HOO i e R o t M I K K I 
• N O R IN STAR ANO C IN I*A k KARK M A U A R IA 

115 N.W. LOOP 4 1o 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 

MKIKf MENT ti VIMC 
With Meal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

# 
- 
U lt sr*& 
MnRBUBR 

You owe it to yourself to tee our apartments 
2554 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IM lO W e s t 

I C H 

I 
A*AO m in ts 

6 9 o - o o o 1 

SOUTH SEA 

APARTMENTS 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

HAWCO AT JACKSON KEUM 

7543 SOUTH SIA LANI 
341-6251 

© 
We*iche»*t4*r Square 
V |» a rtn it-n t!» 

I, 2 * 3 bedroom apt**. 
I .Hit itll, HI la. I-un Nill I J11.1 H im.I.ti).Ii 

1111 Anilin H»v. BJK-1 III., 

© 

IE 

© The H K T IT A IVY 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COM M U 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT­ 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MAIL. 

16o7 JOHES MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

o 
NOA THE AST ARIA 

 c 
PerrincTlaza 

I A 2 ROR. A T O W N H O U S E 

I Goidt* apts oitti duo* *•# kepi iptoRui 

 j K t M m U , polloi, boll O''let. pool. wots lo shop 
1 
11-O'til*' plot 

I 
Perrin-Aeltel Rd. 
655-7122 

® 
LINDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D oH I IO O N . M A IN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Main Bank, Lubyt, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adult* Only 
226-8492 

« V I F H m m u 
\PVHIMF.Vr* 

BEESE*, by 
P l LIFE INVESTORS 

 i l S e r 

1946 N. fc IJ mid 4 IU 

(Horry Wvribach int) 

H26-2355 

© 
Dark (Colane 
Apartment Community 

I V MONITORED SECURITY-GARDEN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS CLUB ROOM—GYM I SAUNAS 
I -2 3 BDR 
I 6 7 BATH 
H ZO 27o (Turn Add) UTILITIES Rd 

2o11 BANDERA RO 
434-4191 

 lR tw * tn H illcrest 4 C allaghan 
A Bob Ro m A p artm en t C om m unity 

 ountry V illage 

Apartm ent- 

.1. 2. 3 bedroom*. 
IIM Mr liking Ii* liiw llr' t» tin nm!*r-Uml '.Iii. j front 

H I Ut C o iiiiEr* \ diag* 
K_H-,»T2 I 

° NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

™ ^ in cl ere at Apartm ent* 

656-o182 
8833 NA illim an VI at 
I privet* |»d1lu». I tm ut Iii ^ ititbur 
Park Mall. ami h»rl *ai*t. 

 lu x o r* I .it my i i i N J., "vi 11 Nntioiio r© 

AN ADULT Ae ABT MIN I COMMUNITY f 
AIL AMI NM lf S • ON BUS UNI • ONE 
MOCK HiOM ST MARY S • ONE MOCK 
FROM SHOWING • TURN AUCH 
1,2 6 3 AOR 
USO to $243 
UTILITIES PAID 
33o1 W. WOODLAWN 
434 9394 

A R O S >o65 APARfftttNI COMMO***!* 

AN APARTMENT HOME 

 u n f o r g e t t a b l e a s ITS n a m e 
C O M V M M M I IOC*THM* AM B U IU IIM * BA W 
6o51 BROADWAY 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

For th e tr u th , 

C o m p a r e 

1o362 Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north 
J49-2617 
.of Loop 41o 

* 

Want 

A d s 
CALL 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

S an A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — S u n d a y Fe b ru a ry 2 7 1 9 7 7 
?o1 RIALEST>|{M IB B 
IM - KM. B M T I M U C H 
M I• I IM BW ItHUTTO 
I i i - E N g l M M IT O . 

C ANNOUNCEMENTS J ( ^ J 

124-IKM NOMS 

G E N E R A L 

R E V E N U E 

S H A R IN G 

124 • LEGAL NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 
124 liSAl NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

A 
C 
T 
U 
A 
L 
U 
S 
E 
R 
E 
P 
O 
R 
T 

HOURS 

8 A . M . t o 
5 : 3 o P . M . 

M O N D A Y t h r u F R ID A Y 

ANNOUNCIMBNTS 

T o 6 — PArsofsols 
1 o8— Lost and found 
11O— Spacial Motte** 
1 1 2 — P ro fo so to n al N o tic e * 
1 14— lnt»rtoinmi»n» A 
V a c a tio n G u id e 
1 1 8 — Lodge N o tic e * 
1 2o — Bid* A Proposals 
122— Official Publications 
I 2 4 — Logoi Notice* 

GENERAL REVENUE SHARING PROVIDES FEDERAL FUNDS DIRECTLY TO LOCAL AND STATE GOVERNMENTS 
YOUR GOVERNMENT MUST PUBLISH 
THIS REPORT ADVISING YOU HOW THESE FUNDS HAVE BEEN USED OR OBLIGATED DURING THE YEAR FROM JULY I. 1978, THRU DECEMBER 31, 
1976. THIS IS TO INFORM YOU OF YOUR GOVERNMENT'S PRIORITIES ANO TO ENCOURAGE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN DECISIONS ON HOW FUTURE 
FUNDS SHOULD BE SPENT 
NOTE: ANV COM PLAINTS OF DISCRIMINATION IN THE USE OF THESE FUNDS MAV BE SENT TO T H I OFFICE OF 
REVENUE SHARING, W ASHINGTO N, O.C. 2 
o 
2 
2 
8 
. 
_______________________ 

ACTUAL EXPENDITURES (Include Obligation*) 

RIAL IST ATI 

2 o 1 — Peal Estate Notice* 
9 o 2 — Open Hou*«s 
2o4 - Property Out of 

TO A— C o n d o m in iu m .— 
Tow nhouse* 
2o8— Apartment*. 
Duplexes 
2 1 o — Houses— Northeast 
2 1 3 
H o w e * 
N o rth w e s t 
214 ■. House* 
Southeast 
21* — Houee*— Southwest 
2 18— Houses M oved and 
Wrecked 
2 2 o — Houses for Trode 
2 2 2 — Miscellaneous Real 
Estate 
2 2 8 — Houses, Sole or 
Rent 
2 26 — Suburban 
Property— Acreage 
2 2 8 — Resort Properties 
2 3 o — lots 
23 2 i. Farm* cmd Ranches 
2 34— Farms and Ranches for Rent 
2 38— Commercial 
Property— Sole 
2 38 — Commercial 
Prope rty (Lease) 
24o— Commercial 
Property (W anted) 
242— Industrial Property for Sale 
2 44— industrial Property 

THE GOVERNMENT 
OF 

 has received General Revenue Sharing payments totaling 

S A N 
A N T O N I O 
C H V 

$ 
4 , 9 2 o , 2 1 5 

 during the period from July I, 1976 thru December 31, 1976 

 t i ACCOUNT NO. 
4 4 
2 
o 1 5 
Q I D 

S A N 
A N T O N I O 
C H V 

M A V O R 

P 
o 
8 O X 
9 o 6 6 

S A N 
A N T O N I O 
T E X A S 
7 8 2 8 5 

NONDISCRIMINATION REQUIREMENTS HAVE BEEN MET 
(E) CERTIFICATION: I certify thai I am the Chief Executive Officer and. with respect to the entitlement funds reported hereon. I certify thai they 
•have not been used in violation of eithor the priority expenditure requirement (Sealion 1o3) or the mafchineufunds prohibition (Sectioi 

X / - . A w l . . 
2 -2 4 -7 7 
Signature of Chief Ekicutive 
Date 
T h o m a s 
E . 
H u e b n e r , 
C i t y M a n a g e r ____________ 
Name and T i t l e 
_________ 

J (D) TRUST FUND REPORT (refer to instruction D) 
1. Balance as of June 3o, 1976 
S. 

2 Revenue Sharing Funds 
Received from July I, 1976 thru December 31, 1978 

3 Interest Received or Credited (July 1,1976 thru December 31.1976) 

4. Funds Released from Obligations (IF ANY) 

5. Sum of lines 1. 2, 3, 4 

6 . Funds Returned to ORS (IF ANY) 

7. Total Funds Available 

8 Total Amount Expended 
(Sum of line 15, column B and column C) 

9 Balance as of December 31. 1976 

2 , 4 2 5 , 9 7 7 

4 , 9 2 o , 2 1 5 

12 2 ,3 1 9 

- o - 
7 ,4 6 8 ,5 1 1 

- o - 
.?a 468^5_U 

6 .2 o 2 .9 9 2 

I ^ 2 6 5 , 5 1 9 

(F) THE NEWS MEDIA HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT A COMPLETE COPY OF THIS 
RF.POR r HAS BEEN PUBLISHED IN A LOCAL NEWSPAPER OF GENERAL CIRCU­ 
LATION I HAVE A COPY OF THIS REPORT AND RECORDS DOCUMENTING THE 

CONTENTS THEY ARE OPEN FOR PUBLIC SCRUTINY AT O f f i c e 
O f 

1o6 PERSONALS 

246— Industrial Property 
Wonted 
2 48— Office Spate for lease 
2 5o— Office Space 
W anted 
2 52 — te a l Estate Sell or 
( .chance 
2 54 — Reel Estate W anted 
2 56— Real Estate loans— Notes 
2 38 — Real Estate loans 
W anted 
____ 

■ IN T ALS 

3 o 2 — Mobile Homes for 
Rent 
4 o 1 — Apartments Fum. 
4 o 2 — Housekeeping Apt. 
Fum. 
Apartments, Unfvm. 
4 o 6 — Houses, Duplexes— 
Furnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, Duplexes— 
Unfurnished 
4 3 o H ouses, Rent or Sell 
4 1 2 — Rooms, Furnished 
4 4 4 
Deems, Unfurnished with Board 
4 1 8 — W ant to dent or 

BUSiNf SS 
OVPORTUNITIIS 

5o1 - Business 
Opportunities 
5 o2 - Business Oppor­ tunities Wanted 
3 o4 — M oney ta lend 
3o6 f inancial— Invest- 

 s 

SOS— Oil Propostions 
S IO 
Money W anted 
5 12 — Instruction* 
314— Instructions W anted 

(M A L O Y M IN T 
I i 

6o1 — Professional 
6 o 2 — Soles 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resumes 
6 o6— Adm inistrative— 
Financial 
6 o 8 — Secretarial 
6 1 o — Office A Clerical 
6 1 2 — Medical 
6 14 — Skill*- Trades 
6 1 6 — Food-Drink Services 
6 1 8 Fart Tim e 
6 2 o — Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 
6 3 3 
Dom estic 
6 2 4 — Situation* W onted 

A U T O M O T IV ! 
I 
7o1 — Antigua*-Collector* 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 
Sports, Foreign 
7 3 o -7 4 3 — Cars— For Sole 

7 44 — Customised Cars— 
Speed-Racing Eguip. 
7 4 6 — Trucks A Commercial 
Tra ilers 
Buses 
7 4 8 ■ M otorcycles— 
Scooters 
7 SO— W an ted -Autos, 
Trucks, Trailers, 
Motorcycles 
7S 2— General Aula 
Repair 
7 S4 — Tires— Parts— 
Ac caesar las 
7 5 6 — A u to , f inancing l eant 
7 SB— Aircraft 
Services 
Supplies 

•IC IIA T IO N A l 
J L 

Ba 

8o1 — Campers— Trailers 
8 o 2 — Motor Homes 
8 o 4 — Beats, M otor, 
8 o 6 — Sporting Good* 
BOB— Hunting A Fishing 

MOBIL I K O M IS 
B H P 

 g ip — Mobile Home Solo 
S i I — Mobile Home 
Repairs— Insurance 
8 13 
M ebHe Marne Perks 

MIBCHANOlSf 
^ 

ROI — Business Equipment 
ROS— Building Materials 
ROS— Pert abn Building, 
ROT — Furniture 
ROR— Pawn Broker* 
R IO — Appl ieee** 
R I2 — Flea M arket* 
R 14— Antique s 
R ib — Arts, Crofts, Impart* 
R IB — Cain* A Jewelry 
R2o— Camera— Rho ta 
I gulp 
R 22— Musket Instruments 
R24— Nurseries, Garden 
R 26— Machinery — Teal* 
R 38— M erchandise M a t 
RSO— Mer chende* 

» 33— Auction Sol* 
RSA— Business Directory 

POOS— Pf I i 
I 

RSA— Oegs-Cats-Birde-Pets 
R38 — Poultry Babbit, Bee, 
I 
„ 
_ 
, 

 i i VI STOCH 

WM)— livestock-Feed- 
Seed* 
R A I— Produce 
RAJ— fo r m fa p rtp m e n f 

 is i nt ( e i u r , arew 
Mein#, rieeu se# timel Peer im *, 
161 — Dee**, 
1o3— Cmd et TS cep , 

IOX— fleeter,— Flower* 
1o4 — funeral O w e***** 
SOS— Cemetery — Burlet 
W t 
... 

11o- SPECIAL NOTICES 
118 SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 

A N E W M A SS A G E LO C A TIO N outside city, open J d a y* til yam 
P rof. m asseuses. 1J2Jo IM3S N. betwwen O ’Conner A Judson A d * 

H A T E S G A L O R E ' M e o T T o c o l s ing les 
C a ll D a te lin e to ll fre e 
(IOO) 4SI-324S_____________________ 

E n la r g e Y o u r C lr c l of S in g le 
F rien d s Join 
S U B U R B A N SIN 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E W rite 
8451 M ic h elle W ay Son Antonio, 
T * .’S ilt 

 f o r ' K I l p witH" an unwed ore:, nancy, call E dna Gladney Hom e. I 
E t W orth, TX 1-6oo-79? HOC 

M a tc h m ak e r inc 
Single* 18 8o yrs. introducions 
344 U IS , 3 4 4 -im 
__ 
M eet m e noon to sam Betty M eet i m e fro m sam to 2om , E d ie tm j d rin k s nnd d a n cin g 
Af the Re 1 sort, 6843 Randolph Blvd between 
o Conner & Judson Rd* 

P O E M S needed to be set to music I 
We otter SIO.OOO cosh q w aid s 4 ; ro y altie s and publish ing f o r a tree evaluation send your poem , to Country C reations. B o* 2o5/, 
Nashville. Tenntsee 3/114 

T ot lost miii mump 

Bm R ew ard, for a lost black and ton Doberm an, fem ale, 634 /141 j 
FO U N D 
I D oberm an Pinschers 1 j 492-183/___________________________ i 

 j Found M ire d breed m edium sire I 
•loo. w t a p p 25 3o lb s , b ro w n m ale. Possible inside dog 
H o r 
| mony Mills oreo 344 5 )83_________ 

Found 
S m all terne I, p u o p v tor 
1 r ie r c h ih u a h u a w h ite w ith io n m arkings, w earing flea collar, 
I C92 I SOB______________________ 

I LOST 
B ritta n y Spaniel brow n 
; and w hite O 'Connor Rd N ucog d o c h es 
R d a r e a 
C o lla r . 
R E W A R D ' SSS S445_______________ 
L dS T 
Brow n and White B rittany 
: S paniel, 
Taos, 
464 74J« 
C hild! 
Fit. 
Lost 
D c h irm n n Pinscher, m ale 7 
I m a * N am ed 
R e x " . Mas "J J I' on right side of ears 435 m o 
I LOST fem ale Irish Setter pup on m ed icatio n . V ic in ity of Colonies > 
N o t th a n d 
V a n c e 
J a c k s o n , 
R E W A R D 'm 
5 f t I_______________ 
I OST in Northw ood oi en Sm all 
I long-haired m ole dog Ton brow n ; w ith b la c k on e a r s a n d ta il 
I 
Nam ed 
C urley". 
R E W A R D ' i n u r n 
I LOST J-21 /7. M ole black Lab H r 
I tro v e r, red collar V icinity im in, lO e J a v a la Rd, S havano Woods j R E W A R D ' A t* A lii days,4*o f i t ) 1 eves A ll B M I weekends__________ 
I LOST male" Irish Setter, togg ed, j 
8o lbs. J yrs old 
IMIO and Mild.- blond Jim 73/ 7o8? 43* o321 i b s f b e d la m block a n d ta n I ternate D oberm an Last Ft. Sam area 824 82o5, 4*4 2*16 
G E N E R O U S 
R E W A R D 
I 
O F F E R E D " ___________ j 
I LOST 3-IR-77: M ixed breed" sm all dog ocp 2o lbs Black w ith ump 
Nam ed "Schultz" V icinity Vance | 
I Jackson am i rig g ed D r 
F a m ily aet 
R E W A R D ! J42 181/ a lle r 5 pm 

 l S T t 
J mo Blonde Cocker span ii# l 
V ic in ity . E 
A g a r ita urn) 
McCullough 
/ l l TI IS 
Call atter 
15pm. cost 
N avy ID tog. k e y s " Robert 
Wenzel, 842 4 2 o3, 4*4 /o67_______ 
, L O S T s m a ll ' b ro w n fe m a le 
(C h ih u a h u a 
B e to n e a r e a 
1 R ew eld 
821 3343. 
Oftei 
5, 
M M M ! 
LOST toy poodle whit# 5 run im '' 
Area SW Milden y and / a n o in e - a 
R E W A R D 
SJI 26o1 

M I S S I G 

 i ' D 
O 
U 
B 
L 
E 
B 
O 
M 
O 
S 
A 
D 
S 
’ 

S A 
V E Y 
O 
U 
6 
o 
% 
Merchandise only — 
Class 928 Private Party Household Items 
A New low Rat® For privet* potty Merchandise Advertising coiled 
Double Sony* Ads will deliver results at Texas Sued Saving* of 6o*4 These ads ck® exposed to 293,ooo potential buy*** Daily rn the Son Antonio Wont Ad Supermarket (33,ooo more than the Light) 
Th® Double Jk»nu» Special »% deigned to provide a reduced rot® for individuals *rbo wish to f: 11 thing* they no longer need The special rote of 2 line*, 6 day* $3 makes it profitable to odvett.se low cost items sucVt os baby furniture or used appliances 
The only reqgnements ore 

1 
O nly private individuals af e eligible for this 6 o % m oney sovm g rote 
2 
The ad must be placed for six days lf the item is sold b etore the si* days are up. you may cancel further running days of the od but the fu ll rate w ill be charged (In other w ords, no refund o» rote odiustm ent for unused days and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 

S A V E A N A D D I T I O N A L 1 o % B Y 
M A I L I N G P A Y M E N T W I T H Y O U R A D 

 n ~ . i 111 r n i i 11 i i r n 
111 i t p m 
J i m p 

.......................i m 
11 I T I n 

3 r n i i i i 1 1 1 1 i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i n 

4 
1 1 1 i i i ' 1 1 1 i i i 11 I ' ' m r i r n i l i u m s r r - r r m 
I I i I I I I I I i i I , i i I I I I I [ ' [ ' T m 

 f-g u i* th * cost o f you* od horn lh * , * low 'a t* * D educt IO * , (or 
2 I lf lB B . . . S 3 . o o payment »,ik o ld *' Th c s t totes ore for private patty wont a d , 3 lif lB S . . . 
A . S O and opp1, lo Sly consecutive d o , apertion, 
2 line, minimum 
Ap 
4 l i f t # * . . . 
6 . o o 

 piom m ately 31 spates per line 
5 l i n e s . . . 
7 . S O 

Pleas* chock your od the lu s t d oy it o p p * * '* N O ADJUSTMENTS 6 lif lB S . . . 
9 . o o 
(OR ERROR C an BE MADE AFTER THE FIRST R unn ing DAV 
J |jn e * . . . I o . 5 o 

NAME. 
PHONE NO. 

ADDRESS 

CITY . 

S T A R T D A T ! 

STATE 

C L A S S . 

ZIP 

M A IL COUPON T O ---------------- 
EXPftlSS-NEW S DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P.O. Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 ---------- 

 o r call . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 

12o -B BS ft PROPOSALS 

INVITATION FOR BIOS 
EDA MOifCT NO. O M I oxes 
OTY Of HtfDfltKXIBURG, 
TEXAS, OWNES 
SEPARATE SEALED BIDS addressed to tho Honorable Sidney M Henke. 
Mayor, City of Fredericksburg, F O 
Oro**r II), Fredericksburg, Texas 
78624 for the construction of a 
Wastewater Outfall Main consisting of approximately 873o lf of 24 
Pipe, BIO l f of 18 Pipe, 73o Lf. of 
IS" Pipe. 19o lf. of I?" Pipe, 76o lf. 
(needed Siphon and related Ap- nudenoiHes will be received by the 
Manager of Utilities, 126 Wes* Mom 
Street, Fredericksburg, Texas until 
7 3o P AA ST, Monday, Monk 7, 1977, at which time there will be a public opening of the City Moll located of 
126 West Mom Street, Fredericks burg, Texas and o reading of all bids received. 
Hie Information for Bidders, Form of Bid, Form of Cooboo, Mons, 
Specif lections, ond Forms of Bid Band, 
Performance ond Payment Bond, ond other cooboo documents may be ex­ amined at the following 

BRYANT CURINGTON, 
INC 
3421 
Guadalupe Street, Austin, 
Texas 
787o5, San Antomo Budders Ex- change. San Antonio, I exes, Dodge 
Reports, Austin, lexos, Association of 
Genera! Connectors, Aushn, Texas. 
Copies may be obtained ot (he of lice of Bryant-Cunngton Inc. louted at 3423 Guadalupe Sheet, Austin, 
Texas 787o5, upon payment of 
S2o OO for each set the Owner reserves the right Ie wotve any informalities or to reject any or ail beds 
SH Bid Security and 1oo% Per- formant, and Payment Bonds mil be required No bid may be withdrawn after bid opening time for af least 3o days 
Attention af Bidders is particularly called to lh* requirements es to con­ ditions of employment to be observ ed and minimum wage rate Ie be paid under the cen beet 
This ptoiect will be funded by a grant mode pursuant to the pro visions of Pl M 369 known os the loco) Public Works Capitol Develop­ ment and Investment Act of 1976 ad­ ministered by the U S Deportment of 
Commerce Economic De velopme n I 
Administration and shod be referred to os EOA Protect CW SI o1o95 
Although neither the United Stales 
Government net any et its depart­ ments, agencies, or employees is or mil be o party to this Invite hon for lids or eny malting contract, the 
Contractor will be sublet to com phone* with the requirements of Pl 
94 36r 

« 
* * * * * # 
* * * * * ♦ 
* * * * * * < 
* # 
* * * * * * * * , 

V V / afd ceiti j rein 
R u m o r# S i) HOO 
1 
: Norlbsiije /o t Detective Agency sue laid tost Ruts tit ISH_______ 

R E W A R D noosed pet, n>ol* Brittany Span­ iel White and brown Lost Nocog- dome* and loop RIO area Noma 
; VO,abo 
*14*661$, 121 8444 M r. 
$pe peer. 

Reword 
Blond fem ale Afehoa bound. Austin Hw y, V et to o *. 
Nimitz j r Hisn oreo Please Re turn IO *641. U U ) / * 
--------------Ho IY W A RD-------------- tor information leafing to return let la te * block ond ion 2 yr old mole, port G erm an Shepherd, part Husky Lost Trioity univer sity a re a . Sun 
Feb 
2o 
C a ll 
734 4411 or o/3 4441 
----------------- E ¥ 5 7 a I 5 ----------------- 
Lost medium sue block mole doe with ted codal Vie ot MeCullouoh and Woodlawn 734 sari sloe I t VV A ID CostTyr aid .n il, ternate poodle on Mflusnmn Rd near UTSA 4*6 1124 

BONARD 
LOST 
Fem ale N u weqton 1 1* hound monied 
Perky near H i* 
Club on River walk tom Eek IO t burlet T CO ASA 1521 
___ 

REWARD LOSI Dog SIDO for Milo*mahon leisa-ng fit return 
Of block D o berm an P insch er noosed 
E lessor , I'ly r s o lr r 
Very bra Block with tan m ark 
•ne* end trimmed ears Areal usa leather ceiler a nd • a b ie s toe 
Musing since $un Fib l l in Ol­ mos Perk Area Cell >24 *191 ar 
>21o*42 t Seward, lost white ma:* German sbeoberd, vicinity Funston ond 
Millen, >24-1816, t i l SSI* tff lf c o t t <te£T5k B o s-,! Hound 
I (Ame* OHI. Caned D*uuiy Dow« 
• 24-4443________ 
A b . t i’ ,' io n , lo r e * m o i* 
Chifsoohuo Castle 
HAI* 
Reward 
M I XHB 

I U - W O R W U K 
T itjB T flS T rW 

Jiffy P res * Instant P rintm e 

SPC and 
Mrs 
Rudolph 
Davis proudly announce tho or rival of their baby GIRI 
Clair ic# Mon# Davis, 7 (bs. 
8 oz. born 
February 
3 
1 97 7 

 anrsownca 
•hair baby 

M r, and Mrs G eorge Rhea 
McQuien BABY BOY, Feb. 
I. 1977 JUSTIN RHEA Mc 
JE O LftEN 7 5 O unces, len g th 
*• 2 o inches 
* 
19 Mr. 
& 
M rs 
Bichord 
A 
® M arcum proudly 
T the arrival of 

* Marcum, 7 lbs VU oz. born 
6- February 5, 1977 

* 
IE Mr. and Mrs. C raig Eastm an 
* announce the arrival of then 
* baby BOY Chad Williams, 
7,14 ounces born February 
* 9 1977 
* 

« 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
M r, 
& 
M rs, 
Adam 
G 6 
.Paroles proudly announce 4 th# an t val o f their baby 4 
B O Y i 
Mack 
Anthony 4 
Pet ole*, 
9 lbs bom 4 
February 16, 1977 
* 

Mr & Mrs, lh H. Rush and 6 brother lh Jaffrey, proudly 4 announce the arrival af their 4 baby BO Y: Kenneth Brian 4 
Rush, 8 lbs. 
I ox. born 4 
February 15, 1 9 7 7 . 
* 

Mi 
& Mrs. Charles Simon proudly announce the ar- j | nvai of their baby GIRI 6 
Jennifer Rene Sim on, 7 tbs 4 
4 o t born February 22, 4 

4 
A full service print shop near you 
ISO* MeCullouoh Ain Eon Pedro t/Ot SIN Military Or. 
42o9 Ercderlcksburo Rd 
224 f Rhapsody or Sen Pedro 
4 Lots. Resetown Cemolory, 12oo rn 658 *311 or 944-144$_______ _ 
MASSAGES ANO FACIALS 
734 o411 ____ 
MASSEUSE (WANTED SMC USO 
Weekly Experience not iteces sary 732-33*1 4211 Blanco Tokyo 
HOU**; 
______________ 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
Price,Shop, Compare Still leo lur Ina 1*77 Masseurs ot 1*73 
Price*! Com* meet our Beautiful 
New 
Mechanics". Somethin# new commo soon!! 
IHE BODY SHOPPE, 491-2661 
; 

369 which in tubdonit ort cor 
(airted ta the Suppiemtntory General 
Conditions 
Nondiscrimination ond equol OE portunity in employment by bidders on Hus work mil bo required ie com ply with the Presidents Executive 
Order No 11246 ond tach bid must be accompanied by e compte)*# and signed copy of Form fO-119 entitled 
CertifKotien of Bidder Regarding 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Misty NL Hooke 
Mayor, Qty of 
Fredericksburg, It im 

DON JOHNSON CO^ 
NORTHWEST............... J44-3o7R ] 
Ii NORTH CENTRA;. 
494-/7! I | 
I^^NOBTH EAST 
826-6241. 

SUMMER LIVING 
HUWT to see this lovely 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, nestled among fruit and ook trees on almost on ocre Fool, patio, ond huiH in B B Q Bed down the guest in a quaint 2 room cottage with kitchen 544,5oo. 
344-3o78 
Mites 828-o998 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
6 home designed with a family in mind. S bedrooms 3V? beths, bonus room, large family room and more 
Beautiful neighborhood 589,7oo 
344-3o78 
Mites 828-oo98 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
A home designed with a family in mind. 5 bedrooms, 3'/i baths, bonus room, large family room ond more 
Beautiful neighborhood 589,7oo. 
344-3o78 
Nits* 828-oo98 
CHARMER 
An immaculate 4-2W-2 home with beautiful landscaped yard. 
Firepkite, privacy fenced, water soft­ ener, storage shed and more Near moil nnd H I schools. Just 546,9oo 
828 8241 
Mites 656-o124 
EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN 
Can you imagine the Greenridge 
Model of the 
Woodbridge 
Townhouse for only 555,ooo with lovely drapes included Well, it's true! Call obout the many features of this spacious like new, dramatic home 
828-8241 
Mites 655-2437 
WATER FRONTAGE 
1o7 ft of waterfrontoge on upper toke florid, convenient to SA 
Beautiful location 3 bedrooms, 2 baths Separate party room with full both, wet bor, wood deck ond more, like new 574,9oo 
494-7711 
Mites 655-7383 
SENECA ESTATES 
Custom built 3-2-2. two living wens, den with fireplace, beautiful fenced yard with choice corner lot Super dean 546,5oo 
494-7711 
Mites 655-7383 

SUE WEEMS 
ASSOC., REALTORS 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 

MONTE VISTA 
A unique contemporary on a porn eous lot This home offers peek liv ing in the heort of Son Antonio 4 bedrooms, 2 berths, plus 2 room quarters with both, pool, and go redo Avertable immediately 
826-o6o6 
824-91o9 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Perfect fondly Irving in this 4 bedroom. 2 bath home in choice location Garden kitchen, good loon to assume Under 55o,ooo 
826-o6o6 
824-66831 

HAVE A HAPPY FAMILY 
38x18' pool ond (overed patio, 
K 
* t for entertaining the whole | 
This 5 bedroom, 2 story j 

BOB JONES ^ 
REALTOR 
3 3 3 -7 1 6 3 

4 LEAF CLOVER 
This is your good luck, 3 bedroom, I bath for only 515,5oo Coll 
GEORGE IEI 
533-7163, 5345565 
NOT TOO LATE! 
To start 77 in this 3 bedroom, den home with 1791 sq ft. Must see in side to appreciate 
Appraised 
57o,ooo Coll 
MAXINE H RAIMOND 
533-7163,534767o 
EASTWOOD VILLAGE 
Super double garage, workshop, well kept home bos 2 bedrooms, paneled living area, family room. 
Coll 
AMENE DARK 
533-7163, 532-1278 
A HOME COME TRUEI 
In Highland Park, large 7 bedroom, tonally room living room with fireplace, separate aming Double garage Too many extras to list! 
521OOO Call 
ROREITA WHIT! 
533-7163,333-8763 

VP GENE WILSON ^ 
REALTORS 
656 -3 4 41 

ASSUME ibis one and move into this spacious 
3-2-2 with all the amenities Usa must se* before you buy Priced at 
543,5oo 

FIRST OFFERING 
Specious 
3 7 2, covered patio, 
‘ yord Mint condition ond other facilities. privacy fenced yord Mint cei 
Near shopping rn 
Priced at 536,9oo 

BUY VA 

3 Bedroom, nice location n*or locklond-Ielly. tomes with cocpet. 
Complete built in kitchen, nice yoni Priced ot 57o,ooo 

FOR RENT 
LUXURY TOWHHOMI 
3-2%. fully carpeted, custom drapes, complete electric kitchen plus woshei ond dryer Bents at 5)5o a month CoN for details 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 

Sterling B u r ,.e ......................................... 824-6351 
Pete Cantu (N o rth ) ............................ 736-4296 
Pete Cantu (S o u th )............................ 532-75oo 
Clara Belle C ather.................... 
344-o225 
Virginia C ervenka ............................... 655-5131 
Gase-Balcer.................................... 69o-899o 
Hodgdon & Associates..................... 674-3552 
Don Johnson (Northwest) 
. . . . 344-3o78 
Don Johnson (N ortheast) 
828-8241 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 494-771 
Bob Jones (N o rth )................................ 344-2341 
Bob Jones (S outh)............................... 344-2341 
Dole R ile y....................................... 494-3541 
Sue Weems & Associates 
826-o6o6 
Gene W ilson ............................................. 656-3441 

Y o u r K e y t o t h e 

C i t y o f 

S a n A n t o n i o 

 beauty is located on o cul-de-sac in prestigious Northwood Estates NE schools Bring th* fomily-stay a lifetime' 
126-o6o6 
824-3563 

EHA OR VIT BUYERS 
NORTHEAST PARK. For the young at heart. Adorable, freshly painted 3 bedroom, 2 both home, entry with brirk wolf Convenient location, low price of 574,9oo. 
82646o6 
824-6683 

BOB JONES 
REALTOR 
3 44-2341 

INVEST 

 in this furnished 4-pl*i Separate meters, good condition. In excellent rental aceo new Ft. Sam. Owner financed lucille Blench woie 
344-2341, 344-5549 

OFFICE AND WAREHOUSE 
Masonry and metal New and Neat! J 
1796 Sg Ft in HW location 
Ruby Wright 
344-2341, 342-5847 

OWNER WILL CARRY 
Th" 7 bedroom, 2 both is a delight to show In excellent condition, J ultra (leon. Mony Peran trees. 
Ruby Wright 
344-2341, 344-5847 

UKE COUNTRY LIVING 
Charming Spanish design in this 3 bedroom. 2 bath home! Fireplace in den, elegant new floor covering in I den. Too neot for words1537,95o 

Boryl Wtigand 
344-2341,342-6456 

GASE-BAKER 
REALTOR 

■ k 

HODSDON & ASSOC.^ 
REALTORS 

 f c b ^ * 74-355’ 

MOVE UP 
Your family will appreciate this specious 4 bedroom, 2% both, 2 story, with double garage, over 
2oo(1 >.g ft. living ores on quiet cal de-sai Only 5278 mo w’h equity or refinance Priced to selh 

DESPERATE SELLER 

 must sell this lovely 3 bedroom home acor Medina Bose, lackland, end U5AFSS. Fully corpettd and extra nice ION, LOW equity. No qualifying. 
1o.84 ACRES 

781 North, loaded with oak, cedar, and elm. Fronts Hwy 37 512,5oo 
ALSO 6o7 ocm for 56.87o Ex­ cellent opportunity 

6 9 o -8 9 9 o 

STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 
8 24-6351 

UNUSUAL OFFERING 
Good investment am) good foliage for game nnd bestock Very flex­ ible terms on 8o 9? acres IO miles north of Hondo et base of Hilt Caum try. 

COUNTRY UVINGI 

3 bedrooms, 7 beths and toepiece. low down payment, botonee E-Zl terms, low 3o's You owe it to | yourself to call us 

OWNER MUST SELL 

This large all brick 3 bedroom home I with corner fireplace. Only 529oo equity See it and make offer this | weekend1 

CLARA BELLE CATHER 
REALTOR 
. 
3 44 -o 2 23 

COMFORTABLE LIVING ond lavish entertaining. Modernistic motif for ulnmote privacy. Patio homes designed for of seasons 
Panoramic view at no extra cost to you. 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Don t bother unless you wont lets of room Its bigger than it looks. 
Al,cady has everything for versatile living Not inexpensive 

NORTHWOOD ESTATES 
Exquisite 4 bedroom, 3% bath cus­ tom built horn* large (nester 
Bedroom downstairs with His" ond her baths Vaulted ceiling with exposed beams in fomily loom. Ex­ tensively landscaped 
Rock wall leads to Gazebo in privocy fenced backyard Mony extras 5115,ooo. 
BLUEBONNET HILLS 
Charming 2 bedroom home on j chok* street Fireplace Separate dining room large kitchen M oi' goners 54o,5oo 
344-o225 
696-57931 
824-6828 
344-8462 

1211 BIOS I PWPflSALS 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
AU 
Meddina Seoul* 
SIJ *$*1 occasion* 

SAN 
ANTONIO- 
M Y FOG• 
I y e t m ix SOCH t v m atting 
Thursday. Moi J 7 Mom al UT 
Oentai School (Louis Pasteur 
Ort PO Box 17} J I- yen Antonio 
78/17 

I * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

ATTENTION PHYSICIANS a ttir e d qhy tic mn w ith * * to te ll complete sui vmn% arrie* setup ot m o d e m o ffic e tu r m t u r * v e ry b e o u titu lI BIUS te m p la te set at 
Aurated! tn s tiu m e e lt tines! th a t can he bought som e en g rav e d , te m * net C am alett en tre ta n M i up ony G en e ra l P ra c titio n e r or 
Surgeon 
W IL L S i l l O NLY AS 
SINGLA S IO Can de Leon st J U 
W ater i t , K e rrville * to s doily 
Coil M r h e ,* t t f t t n tor ope* 
• id-, open on Moi ch S and sui xviii he sold !u the hioMyjt pioppi 

* 

♦ 

: 
6 

 e 
* * A 
A 
6 
* * 6 
A 
* i 

1977. 

To P la c e Y o u r 
B ir th A n n o u n c e m e n t 

C a l l My. James 
225-1666 

EARS!SS 

IA>r conditioned let w eddinas, f rre p tte n t dunce* etc n o u n ob to est Betel* 
G rootor $ n 
6under Av Sui i t i i N VV 
IN IP 
*«♦ tilt, j I Aauoer cioont riots.! 3 «r#m» 
*l«4 sew e t* b e lt ■ PtU'i t ne r.-Bou 
•ob On* tort Poet ii «M, price* betore w e vier! 
S even d a w a woe* Con any time lei tile or me re Att* pubes tor A A«u«e< 
I id io m ,ny cem etary (o il. m >* cio n b u r ia l P a rk 
S e c tio n »}$ 
Reasonable I / * See* 
I ""Alme*! Free Yro.iiveortuTton 
To Cleveland New Y ork, D enver, 
O C , Ph.jidelphia Call t i i I I J I 

ART LESSONS* 
P a la tin e drowtn# one m edium 
S till life , la n d s c a p e , e a r t r a it 
B e t tn n e n odd a d v a n c e d etudei I* Detail! Mormon de Jo sh, iM -iia i: 
1 ceil J / y"tHmm 

 h a r p * * B o a rd win men Sun our r-et, I* of rum Lawn Borate 
Cob*po I M 
I F to u i t i* skin. 
CbriAtian Cou«t!Pliny hr m ail 
Confidential B IB L IC A l 
W rite 
C B m titrt to u r,WI 
B o* t i Cor 
11 o«'Ile Texq» t i bet 
_ fLPOCtinf unexpectedly* 
Cob V u e i or jo n e et SIJ *S4 I7f$ 
(Con •intact) They n a .* been in your Drue* ond it-ey wont ie held 
An aMe'ttuiivet d i*tu nod 

BLOOD - PLASMA s e t v i a s o f 
S A N A N T O N IO 
N O W 

O P E N 

A C R O S S F R O M 
M U N IC IP A L A U D IT O R IU M 
A f 

1 1 2 a u d i t o r i u m C IR . 
Mm t a SOB AJA4,-BG BJI, 

C L O U D S A T . & S U N . 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 

O N L Y 

FOR RUT 
H ourly or doily A u d ito riu m and 
P otty loom O ec y tiM Norte S ne 
1 elation, u re al tor moxie, d u b * 
B o r t !* ! w ed d in g r e c e p tio n v m a x im # ! a t a ll k in d ! . 
C o n 
}«4 CSJ* 
N e a r N o rth s ta r a n a 
Central P ark M o ll_______________ 

F O * Y’ T 
A D y ~ i ic o i I S e r v ic e t a i i i ) , m m i Tokyo Hoove 
«Ji* Bio " « o __ _ 

1$ / I S 1 o*6 
I ne#! l l amp N I W I 

FREE 

WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 

AMBSACES 

Ski New Mexico Colorada 
Charter your own th«hl tl/S par p e rio d round trip (p a rty of 6 ). 
Fpt debit!L. to ll (S II) Ie * 1*71 

SPR IN G A N D S U M M E R pood lin te l a i * h e r* I t n n u . tiih m # booitnp. iw im m m o OI v eu i own fr iv o l* pork 
Poi SIO* flown and 
SIS IM) m o n th ly ,-you aal all in n plus your own* m e re end ta tu n tr a c t of le n d 
IS m in fro m oil m a ll! 4 *4 M « 6 a r« y 4 i?/4 A ik for 
Betty week and! 4*7 H H A ik tor 
Norman 
_____________ 
I 

S PR IN G S P S C lA l i P rice M a l lope P ra t Sauna end Whirlpool 
/J I JK I Toe VO H om e 4 H » B iont o 
SU N D A Y S P E C IA L ' HOH P ric e 
M o n o n * from I M 
F re e Sauna 
■ 732H A I 4/16 Blanco B d _________ 
TW O L O T S . S u m o ! M e m o ria l, 
L a it 
Supper 
Section, stuo 
* o 
341-4*41 j 
U O R IV E O UR CARS 
ANV C IT Y SNARK OAS 
N A T , INC 

 t?l-BIDS/ilOPOSHS 
_ 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Soar .oui 4 bedroom I both home 
P erfect tor e n te rlo in in p l Sopor a te fo r m a l liv in o o r * * , b u a t fa m ily ro o m , fir e p la c e e x tra 
Mira* patio O ulitand m a value) 
RED CARPET 
; 341 JI I! 
BK AL YUKS 
4*4 1o1* 
S c a le d b id u r o p B ta U w ill b * ' received bv the Boord at T r u ll# ** 
1 af th# N o rth K e lt In d e p en d e n t 
School O u trtc t tor the te m tro c non al ten n a ) A u x ilia ry C la n loom BuitpinpI (Portable Build m f*) Monday, / adp rn , M ach IL 

 piopotRf* 
Owner* will be rammed in Hi# Ad minutialiy# OHu* of th# Horth lost independent Schall Dnmrt, 
1o333 
Broadway, San Antonio. Texas 

Work consisting of removing existing perking stupes at 4 High School pari tag lots and rtshnpmg the lots in ar cordant* with th* pions Th* Schools included art (hytcMt, lo*, MacArthur and Itoseveft High Schools, aho rn- ducted in this protect is th* reloiohon of existing bump*' ci*h* O’ MacArthur 
High School and silo included ii an eh et net* bid for removing snipes by 

Bids wdl br mewed unto Morris B, 
1977 at 7oo PM and ibm ..ll be pubhciy opened ond road aloud 

Chech is lequeed berth East Independent School IKtMct, c e Or 
Ivon t f irs 
Undent 
1o333 terne, l#»os ORBED 

 t/potei, HTZ 

 tap* Dawson 
B7o5 Broadway 
Antonio Texas 78717 Civil Enqir c i w 
J r 

S e a le d a id p r s p a ia is w ilt be roeatvt# bv th * Beard *♦ Trustees 
Of tb t N o rth to s t in d e p en d e n t 
$■ hoot D is trict for lh * fotlew ine item * pi me times shown 
Bi r i e x t in g u is h e r s 
3 66 p m , 
Tuesday, March I, 
1*77, 
HK A LTH M A N IK IN S 
1 6 6 pm , Wednesday 
M a rch I, l»77 
Bid forms rn ny a * p ick *# up pripr to bt# operant m tho attice et me 
Ort arta r af P u rr hosma N E I S 
o 
1o333 Broadway, San Antonio, 
TtxbS. 
I 
S e a le d "bid F r t S 
« l> w ilt ba re c o ile d by th * San Antonio in- depend*.ii School O islu c i on me toMowinp 
Bid No 77 16 
J A N I TOR A l W AX A N O D U IN 
F i r I A N T C L I A N K E Bld Open tn t 
IS JO A M 
M a rch l l , l f f t 
Bid No 
77 I* 
TM K S M O K E DK T EC T IO N UN 
• ▼ -Bid O p e n in g 
16: JO A ,M . 
M arch I*, 1*77 
B id term s may bo nicked up prior to bid obenma at the Office ot in* 
P u i chosing A «en t. 121$ A ustin 

ADVERTISEMENT FOR RIOS 

Prefect Number o8-51 o1323 
Commissioners (curt, Jim Hogg 
County 
Owner 

Separate 'rated teds lot PAYING 
AKO DRAINAGE IMPVOVtMINIS lur 
HEmONVHlE, JIM HOGG COUNTY. 
TEXAS will be received by THI COM 
MISSIONS COURT, JIM HOGG COON 
IT. TEXAS at th* office of THE (OUN 
IT JUDGE OI H I MARTINIZ until 
7 OC a clock (PM . Tues ST March 8), 
1977 and then of said office publicly opened and road aloud 
Th* Information for Bidden Form of Bid. Form af Contract, 
Pions, 
Specifications, end Forms of Bid Bond, 
Pfformonc* ond Payment Bond, and other contract documents may bt r I ami nod et 'he following 
1 s i 
Garza 
( hoi Nuts, inc telephone — 383 8661. AC 517 IO* 
South 17th Shoat, Edinburg, lexos 
78539 
2 ludo* H T Mort,11* 1, I el*phone — 
52/ 3815, A t 512 Jim Hogg County 
Courthouse. 
Hebteenvtoe, lt« w 
783*1 Checke shall be mad* payth1* la S A Garza Engineers, Inc, ond o mailing chara* el fie* (5) dollars shall be inctuaed 
Copies may be obtained af the of fie* af som* os oboe* teemed ai some os abort upon payment of 
53o OO tor oath sot Any uasuuossful bidder, upon rotursMsg such sol pro ly CWH* in good condition, wilt bi undid hrs payment end any non­ agon se ratutmng such a set wrfi ha refunded $15.oo 
The own*' resent! th* right to wow# any intormofrtie* or to rt|*ct any or Oil teds tach tedd*i must d«posit aith toe bld, security rn th* amouM, bern o.id tubed la th* conditions provided in the information tai Bidden 
Anenbof! of hrdttets is pariuuioriy catted to thy roquHtmonri as to con 
Jitter, af omptoymeni ie bo absttv- 
*d ond min unum nog* taos to be paid undoi lh* contract 
No toad*' may * >idrow hts ted within IO days ofter th* actual date cf lh* opening iheieof 
I abr wary IO, 1977 
Otto 
Or. N. t, Mo rn a* z fouwfy lurtyi 

S i rn 

 tags) l*)7 bid spociticetiens end draw ings m ay (so psckod up aflat p«vm #nl 
S lr * * i Son Antonio, Texas af SIS ta d e p e t .I p r io r lo b id 
~ SS 
85----------- opening al H i* office a1 th * Dirge tor or RurchatMtB. N R 
11 IJJ 
B roadw ay, 
Texas 
Son 
I S O , 
Antonio, 

Givctn bv the Foxiest G irls in sen 
Antonio Bos! m ac* to Relax end 
Unwind 
Feet Better F o il 
Out tid e C ity lim it s O pen ie J6 to 
Jam 
Bra Discounts* N orth Side 
P ARIS a U B I 491 Jvv4 
IN tut IIP 6 IS S NCWS 
CALL I I I I OOO 

F o r e x tra c a th , sail th a t m o w e r,,. n o w ! 

C o ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

S e a te d bid a x o p e ta l* w ill Be received bv ***# Boord at T ru s t*** of th * N o rth h o s t in d e p en d e n t 
School D istrict tor S EN IO R ANO 
UNO K PC LASS P IC T U R E S until 
J aa p m ,, 
Tuotdov, 
M a rch 
I. 
1*77 
Bra form s m ay bo picked up prior to bid opening ta in * attic* af mo 
Director of Purchasing, N i l l 
o , IO }) Broadw ay. San Antonio 
T o *# *. 
CAU / I ) 1**o 

Seated bid* wttl bo rtcoivod by th * 
Director el Business Sorvicos of 
Education Service Cantar. Region 
I* for PR IN TING OF JSOM BRO 
CHUKES until I M F M .. (March 
14, IV77 Itemued detail* or# an hi* ond ovairable coon reau*st rn tho Purchasing Oft ice, Education 
Service Center, Region ML ISS* N 
E 
Loop 4)6, San Amenia. Texas ism tuna Patton. P u rchasing, Agent 

Sealed eroposots w.il bo received bv in * board or T r u s t* * * *r ta * 
A la m o H e ig h ts 
In d e p e n d e n t 
School D istrict, for d rainage im grevtm o nis ond pavem ent ,»v*r lev at th * Junior School Tennis ts u ris until ( N F M 
Thursday 
M a rc h 16, l f / 7 , a l in * D is tric t 
A d m in is tr a tio n a t t i c * * , / l e i 
Broadway, and then opened end 
BUbiicly rood 
SS Bid B ond r * a u i r * d , 
1 6 6 % 
Perform ance and paym ent Bona r*a u ir*d Usual right* rosary## 
Plan* an# Saoctfications m ay bo untam ed from H w 
O p itr ane 
Assoc tales Consulting E nem esis 
JI6 W Sunset Bood, for a deposit 
Of SIS OO of which n o OO is refun dom * upon submission of a bid is rrro n rs --------- 
IHI NUMSfk IO CALL is IJS - IS # * 
I X P II SS ANO NI MS 

12o BIDS fc PROPOSALS 

Sealed bids w ill bo received by th * 
D irector of Business Services of 
Education Service Conter. Reainn 
IO for lh * M A IL IN G O F ISOM 
B R O C H U R E S u n til / OO P M , 
M arch ie, 1*77. item ized details o r* on til* and a v a ila b le upon request in th * PuFxhasmg Office. 
Education Service Center. K ey’Oil 
IO, USO N t 
Loop 41o, San An tamo. Texas 7o/o* 
June Potion, Purchasing Agent 

124 IHM. NOTICES 

 hmm Mw Hens taxi I tanks vnk Sa sew Sy muni rn MNM leaders. I adm ny ti, Men* I, t, IS, aa* 
SS, 1*77 el 7,1) pax lim mw wt* rn sxeXns by Mw lonw> 
•wow Cxmowy el thee a,tim «t M il 

I w ill not b * re sp on siB ** to r ony dents in c u rre d other than m y s e lf 
. 
B 
M O W N J R 
7o1 IM I UTAH m u m s 

A i r t ' NT IO N I B e la r* you buy Of sell lin o B E L L W * buy e a u iti* * 
Cosh B B H R E A L T O R S / / / tees 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L o t us m o k « a C A S H o tte r to r y o u r hom e o r e g u ity C a ll now* 
Tho 
H e m * 
AA#r f ess i / o i | 
Buy Reel is le t * , fo re c lo s u re s ch ee p 
S u b s c rib e F o re c lo s u re ! 
R o f f t l l ) t m 

C A SH fo r H O M E S 
W * Buy HO M ES and E Q U IT IE S 
H onest. E ffic ie n t a nd F d tt S *r v ie * 
We POV e ll C lo s in g Costs 
C oil Tony or B ai nice. $41 s u e 
SF-L C I A, R E A L T O RS 
_ 

. 
S CASH S 
FOR YOUR H O M E OR K O U IT Y 
WE P A Y A LL C L O IIN G COSTS 
*/4 A331 
H U G H E S A BRISC OE 
Cosh for y o u r N o rth s ije equity 
L orry Bo m tb e y .41 44>s, C«4 l t Q> 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 

896 771o 

IM M E D IA T E CASM 
” 
F o r Your Hum e We pay e ll eta* m g casts I We also toke tra de s 
Cow 
4*4 ss/) 
AIS 6471 
SIJ.JJS/ 
C en tu ry 21 
W A K E FIE LD REALTORS smssssusssis 

• I NEED IO HOUSES® 
San A n to n io R e a l E s ta te g a y * cosh to r yo urs in TI h ou rs. I pay pi) erasing cost $4* AS JI 
ISSSStfSlilStSStSS 
•tow $ ll S. Jarfuls* 
I 696-4811 
E a s y c r e d it U S g o v t (lo s in g 
N A 
I b e d ro o m s 
H S .J fiO o n * 
Sis,ISO N a c o g g p ih e s c o m e d ia l ce,lins p o lio kitch e n , lone ad ra ra , j c o n tin ! air Sl>,*S« c o rn e r 
* be d re a m 
J b o th . I I * lo o n w 
W o o d io w n 
H ills . 
SIS tx o 
W e stw o od V illa g e o n ly . I I I,SOO 
SW 
T a i r if le I* (B o th , c o n tr o l, 
113,166 No a m t th * Is l m o 

NO MONEY o8WN 

 dream , S IM IS - S i- H ig B la nd s on ly 816,97* 

Federal Propirties 

_ 
734-1816 

Executive Homes 

WINDCREST $98,5oo. 
Vaulted ceiling5 and lots of glass, give a feeling of openess to the living, dining and family areas of this superb home . . . the fireplace is built of fieldstone and is as high as the ceilings! 3 beautiful bedrooms. A redwood deck with a great view! 
653-7341 

SUMMERHILL $75,ooo. 

 lf you prefer complete privacy . . . a "world of your own" . . . perhaps a garden home is the answer! High ceilings, a fireplace, wet bar and ai stylish, chic decor. . . oil with lots of entertaining' room . . . 4 bedrooms, bonus room 22x15 ond a! lovely patio. 
494-7771 

OAK HILLS $97,8oo. 
An oversized, landscaped lot with a terraced! backyard, BBQ ond covered patio . . . this is the J site of a lovely rock home with formal living and J dining rooms which flow into walnut paneled fami* ly and game rooms with a rock fireplace. 4 large] bedrooms. 
696-4811 

CHURCHILL ESTATES $92,3oo. 
Entertain in the glamorous, sunken living room/ highlighted by a garden atrium . . . the formal* dining room, or in the paneled family room (with fireplace, wet bar ond doors to the patio deck)!! 
Relax in ony of the 4 bedrooms (with 3 baths!). Ut­ terly fantastic! 
696-4811 

HIU COUNTRY $135,ooo. 
More than 4 acres with stables ond fencing for your J hones! Set among the trees is a rock ’n cedar home with living, dining and family rooms 
. . . 4 bedrooms, 2 lovely baths and a huge, country kit­ chen! Fireplace . . . burglar, fire and sprinkler systems! 

Guy Capman Cb. 
REALTORS 

NO DOWN PAVMINT 
A nyone con a tto m y t v e ts . B o u l la s * y o u r e l ig ib i lit y 
J 4 Be p ro e m s , I b a in * , s o m * w iib a ir a n a a p b iig n e o s P oy m e m * it s * 
(ban ro o t 
KOB O f P A O LO m 
-1691____________ 
B t A L T O # 

 to**# To Soil Y ou. H 
* 9r FAST SE RYU 
?*« SSS* H o n M c C o r* 

TO R R O LAW NBOV se rvice agency to r rn of m o w e r* O w n e r m fra m in g o u o M ie g Bur 
BUSINESS B R O K E R - 

CENTURY ?1 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
Q U IC K R F f U L T S I 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
I A f t ! ff 
V A N w U A B U 
W ITHOUT 
RAYE C H A N D I 
LINES 

S on Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S — 
Sunday February 27 1977 
Page I 3 D 

IN I 
2o4 PBoPEHTY BBT Of T W H 
? ie 
HOUSES NORTHEAST 
* 
21o 
H M S M 
M 
I 
REAL ESTATE 

(OPEN SUNDAY) 

CASTU HULS IST ATIS 
218 SHEFFIELD 
3 :o o To 5 :3 o p .m . 

Luxury Norm in p m hoc Of ta of 

OPEN 2 -5 SUNDAY 
(Weather Permitting) 
VAHEY HI AREA 
7o38 APPLE VALLEY 
3 Bedroom, central heat and air, fenced yond, complete built in kit­ chen, excellent condition. CRV pric­ ed at S 2o,OOO 
PARK NORTH 
1o823 EDGEFIELD 
Spacious 3-2-2, all electric kitchen, corner lot, privacy fence A real family home Priced in the mid 
$3o s. See it today 
FOX RUN 
16623 FT. OSWEGO 
4-2-2, custom drapes, carpet, large family room with fireplace, 1938 sq ft of luxury living. Priced at 

OPEN 2 TO 6 
43o7 MUIRHEID 

IM THE VILLAGE IN OAR HILES, beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath garden home with comer fireplace and wet bor in family room. 2 community pools and dub house $28,SOO. 
Alt#. 

Another 
3-2-gorden home for 
$73,5oo 

DEVINE, TEXAS 

 large 3 bedroom, 2 full baths, paneled femily room, large kit then, fireplace, central on heot 
See to appreciate Only $28,5oo 
Open Tetms (cd) F Rotondi, Niles 
344 1932 

OPEN HOUSE 
NOON TO DUSK 

Come see out unbelievable prices of new homes. 

5 6 3 3 C R IIK W O O D in W o o d tto n a 

Prices range from $29,9oo and up. Three and four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Rd 
656-3ooo 

$jtl)EtNiE Owens 

 m y 
Co. -R ealtors 
Perrin Baits! Oft. 

 fine bomos. $ bedrooms, 3'/» baths, formed end informal liv­ ing areas large backyard, ideal for the ort nee family Tastefully decorated, exceptional con­ dition. Coll 494-7651. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

941-9191 691-1121 6S6-S52o 
4313 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS, on ex­ ceptionally beautiful 2 bedroom, 
2 VS bath contemporary, bright and beautiful home with study and wet bor Club house, 2 community pools. 
$89,ooo. 

CHARTER OAKS 
3o11 NANTUCKET 
2 :o o to 5 :o o p.m . 
Coly cottage in ideal location 
Many trees, close to schools and shopping 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, country kitchen. Large bay win daw in fondly room Carpeted. 
Other extras. Coft 342-3211 
ANYTIME. 

EAST 
TERRELL 
MILLS 
Comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced in the low 2o * 

CAMELOT ll 
Br*rtei than new 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 living areas. 
A steal at 
$34,5oo 
Homes 
Southwest 
216 
LARKSPUR 
13119LARKYORKE 
Extra nice 3-2-2 with all the amenities A real buy on this lux­ ury home $42,5oo 
GENE WILSON 
656-3441 REALTORS MIS 

MW 
5 m in u te s fro m M e d ic a l 
Center, double living a re a , mint condition, S3* 6oo 
KIRBY 
- 
2 5 1 3 
Scots­ m an . The one you have been waiting for! 
3 bedrooms, 
I Vt bath, separate living and dining looms $23,5oo 

CAMELOT ll 
Fit for a kinq with a large family! 4 bedrooms, boths. 
$33,675, 

SPECIAL PREVIEW 
I 
2 to 5 
| 
211 AVE MARIA 
I 
Off Jackson Keller in Shearer 
| 
Hills, 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, 
^ overseen lot with orboi 
, 
Fireplace, tool' $35,ooo 
OAK HILLS TERRACE 
O 
7211 GEORGE BURNS y 
Treed setting for th. 3-2-2, 
| courtyard entry 15x26 family 
| room with fireplace 
. 
CHARMING' $44,9oo 
72o1 GEORGE BURNS 
J 
Corner lot, 4 2-2, formal 
■ living Boomed family room with fireplace Covered patio 
1 with BSQ' $45,5oo 
I 
69o-98o2 
I 
I i i K E A T 
# 
| J 
A 
M E R I C A 
^ hi^Ihe/u.tokn J I 

IN OAK HILLS Lovely 5 bedroom. 2 bath ail brick home with view of the city from patio. Recently reduced ta 
$9B,5oo 
THE OAKS IN SAN 
PEDRO HULS 
23o6 SHADOW 
CUFF 
1 1oO to 5 :3 o p.m . 
Delightfully decorated 2-story rock home, forge single living area, rock fireplace Separate formal dining. 3 bedrooms and gome room (or fourth bedroom) and 2 decorator baths Today s" kitchen has cheerful breakfast area overlooking wooded let 
Swim dub nearby, bus to N.E. schools. 494-7651 ANYTIME 

115o7 WHISPER 
LEDGE 

IN WHISPERING OAKS. Beautiful 4 bedroom, 2'6 baths, luxury home with fireplace in family room Extra large bedrooms, loods of storage, 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CALL 6 5 3-o 57 o ANYTIME 

W O R L D W I D E R E A L T Y 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 6 
IN C M A N T ID K N U S T 
U A M M M D tO e 
A truly lovely home and great for your growing family, 4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, priced to sell quick 
LAUREL HILLS 
4 o 3 7 O I l f 
OCK 
Once you moke this beauty yours your friends will go wild visiting . Great for luxury living and taeol for entertaining Don't miss the master bedroom, WOW! 
S H E N A N D O A H 
♦ J IT IMSIX (TOAD 
Exceptionally well kept 3-2-2 You will love hotting 3 separate living oreos. This is probably your lost chance to get mis many sq. ft. for a price in me 3o s. 
SA N PC D UO H I U ! 
I AKO* M IM M 
Immaculate 4 bedroom home on corner lot. Side entry garage This home has everything 
Only 
$51,9oo 
3 4 9 -5 1 1 1 3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 

11oo3 WHISPERING 

WIND 

IN WHISPERING OAKS Attractive 3 bedroom, 2 both home with ter­ razzo entry. Fireplace in family room 
B I O pit and gas grill. 
$63,5oo. 

7611 PIPERS CREEK 

In FOREST GLEN, 3-2-2, with rock exterior 
Wall to-wall carpeting, single living area, covered patio, good assumption. $37,ooo. 

64o2 HANDSOME 
LAKE 

IN SENECA ESTATES. All brick 3 bedroom, 
2 bath 
Homa with fireptece in family room Corner let. 
Walk to shopping $46,5oo 

7538 GREEN GLEN 

IN UNIVERSITY HILLS NEAR UTSA. 
Charming 3-bedroom, 2 bath con­ temporary on large lot Large sunny kitcnen, filmily room, raised dining oleo $39,ooo 

3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 

 l _ 
_ 
- 4 9 4 -7 7 1 1 

N AS IT A LU !! 
^ 
HOME 
SURROUNDED 
BY A GOLF COURSE 

* 4 bod.nom . av 3 b«d- 
>aam> wilt) conraHtin# 
•m ing roam 
* Cullom ovarelxad k it­ chen whk adjoining 
X i« « S tw l room 
* 7* b a i window 
In b iw S 'o il room 
* IO ' bon window 
In 
Comity mom 
4 b u i l t - i n w e t b o r . 
* riraploco 
4 Oar ago wilt* automatic door oponot, bogo 
•tororoom and worb 

FOR TMI O N I 
CONNOISSEUR 
IN THI W ORLD 

Who is st4king a panoramic ex panse of contemporary spate 
About 4,ooo sq ft of un paralleled living area in a setting of treed serenity 
In level, > bedrooms, (master with dressing room), 4V5 baths Oining room opens to lush golden room Huge tinnily room Gourmet kitchen 3 fireplaces 
POO! 
Many extras with no regard for cast You must set this home 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

NORTHEAST VILLAGE 
94o3 LoRUE 
2 :o o to SKK) p.m . 
Looking for o pretty tree lined street in a fomily type neighborhood* See this of foraable 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with wood-burning fireplace in family room, living dining combination, huge playroom, electric kitchen Walk to North Cost schools. 494-7651 
ANYTIME 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO S 
21o W. LYNWOOD 
Monte Vista Historical Area, stately two story, off Son Pedro 
4 bedrooms, with pool Owner anx­ ious 
529 RUE DE MAHA 
IN HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Out 281 North, left on Doneflo. right on Mustang Circle, left on Rue 
De Motto Just listed, beautiful large 
4-2-2 
Separate dining, fireplace 
341-9166 
HOWARD TATE, REATOR 

BL IBI! 
' mrlMih 
. W 
, 

M o d el H em e— TOI I G ordina 
(O ff 2 o o o Block W e s t A v e .) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
W e Alee Do Rem odeling A Fireplace# 
349-1491 
341-oo16 
5917 San Pedro 
Specia Builders, Inc. 

O ld fashioned I S TO R Y TO W N 
HO USE 
I-J-J, lush pool side sel­ ling! I Living, tit .p lac e, w etbar, custom b u ilt tn t, high c e ilin g s , pot .y e t floored, dining, a v e lla n e * b r ic k lin e d p a tio 
E X T R A S ' 
$41,too O wnor-Agent. eye M S*___ 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
4 9 1 9 CASA ESPANA 
In 
SURIA 
NORTH off 
CASA 
•O NITA Frothy painted bow*, and out . . m b oroftv homo hat an antry hall leading ta a largo, agon living acool 
3 bagroom* and ivy battu . Ratio and fantod yard 
North . a i t 

5 *1 ,5 o o Mi ACTORS #33 -7 34 1 
GUY C HIPM AN CO. 

51 TOTAL VA M O V ! IN 
Spatial Conv financing avail. 
ONLY 5 * o .9 5 o . 
NORTHCLIFF* 
C ountry Club Estate* 
625 9175 

CASTIE HILLS PARK 
1o6 AMERSON 
2 :o o to 5 :3 o p.m . 
Delightfully Spanish 4 bedroom, 
3 both home in prestigious Cas­ tle Hills. 2 living oleos, split bedroom and bath arrangement, built-in kitchen with breakfast area 
All carpeted for easy upkeep. Walkira distance to shopping, 
Jackson 
Keller 
Clementon, Nimitz, end lee 
Only 
$6o,5oo 
494 7651 
ANYTIME 

3 bedroom , 2' i bath, luxu ry I story Tow nhouse- 2 (a r tin u h e d go r a g e 
$4o. SOO 
684 O HL 684 8311, 344 4 IV/ 
See this beautiful ond unique home TOOAYI 3 bedrooms, 2-plus both, atrium, formal living ond dining looms, firepkue in filmily loom TOO nHUXI TO OESCRIBf 
Priced in the low SO s Mites, coll 
349 1991 

VEANIEOWENS 
BEST B U Y IN TO W N S I/ 64 aer salt 
Appraised $31,ISO 3 2, huge di n Niles est o*5J 

O P E N S U N D A Y I — S 
TR E E S W IT H A TOWNHOUSE 
Your railed patio is covered bv the large oaks in this I bedroom , 2 bath tow nham e. O w ner, in te rio r designer h a t It decorated to per fection 
C o n v e n ie n t to M e d ic o ! 
Center. S32.9oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
M O N TE V IS TA 
3 bedroom , 2 bath Double g arage w ith q u a rte rs C h a rm in g Enlist! two Story $43,9oo 828 S471 
S tra u d e r N elson R ea lty 
O P E N 2 lo 6 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
12o SM y Trail 
N E W L IS T IN G I X E C U T IV E 
H O M E O N E 
H U G E 
L IV IN G 
A R E A . 4 B E D R O O M S , 3 BATHS 
C U L -D E SAC S T R E E T . O N L Y I 
Y E A R O LD 
T A K E 16o4 to T R A IL C R E S T to 
SAG EC R E ST to T A L L O AKS to 
S H ADY T R A IL 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
494 U P I 494 3o12_________ 

I— m f 
Looking for a new home? 

TO DA Y S YOUR LUCKY DAY ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$41,1 SO to $53,4tX) 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones-Moltsbgr of Thous. Oaks 
The Great Northwest 
684-11 23 
$38,SOO to $55,1oo 
EM 471 of Cuiebra 

• VA, 
FHA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages • North East or Northside 
Schools 

Coates Development Co. l i i i i i P 
Courtesy to Brokers 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 
Yes. you can have your cak# and col it toe! All the beauty of the country setting, vet w ithin m in ut?* at shopping and N E »cho#l* 
LOW equity, paym ents under 
$3oo 
6 S 6-3ooo A n y tim e 

HIDDEN FOREST 
1131 BIRCH HILL 
2 :o o To 6 :o o p.m . 
Gorgeous split level 3 bedrooms plus gome room with bokony 
(or 4 bedrooms), Th decorator baths, format and informal liv­ ing oreos, duo! fireplace formal dining Renter bedroom 19.2x14 has lovely dressing area ond campartmenfod both Designed for gracious living 
Only 
SAS,SOO 494-7651 ANYTIME 

EAST VILLAGE 
5863 CASTLE RUN 
3 :o o to SKK) p .m . 
Delightful 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 living areo home 
Original owners transferred, leaving this homo in mint condition lovely 

342 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
494 SO// 
W O O D B R ID G E TO W N H O M E S 
In Town 
Location 
Super 
Am enities 
31o2 Elsonhouet__________824 *3o1 

OPEN 3 :o o -5 :o o 
# 1 8 POST O AK TRAIL 
♦ MIM I* —hi thrill >1 WeMhrlana' h Tar oms mea rn >o Mar#, •»• 
•I Itrp tt Swim It Dahi-frfcardt •• 
(•ny Staala* l f 
Tim maaftfiaaat kern* ll wart* • Kip 
WI WI L l 8 atm, • mw fc«M wnk a vary paitiWa 
••unity mcMuo • M*f MHU, ■ ma,ta, wit. wit* ■ Knylanf ult Mf 
(mw Mid o kart- wits a *■'*•*. awCan 
J In# •awl , uw t.) tn t fh* 
'I M I uptiair* phi p w k ii a- SHI bafrowa Hi Uh kndum M n a-aa tarnal kvmf m f 6mm nam wtf a 
•.wily row* ants a KnpUn mmdt an* a (IO aul wi Hit aatwl 
512 9,o oo XI Alines 69A-4 e l I 
G U Y C H IP M A N C O . 

* PmH Aaprai • OOO i* h al Oving auf antwtWnwia afara li.uif. dame roe*. 
PM * fakery raw. with a (rout Hraphit 
•ay aixtaaaf knakfnt iota, natl lo 
Hie ‘ pawiMi" knckwi S l i e n a l, 4' i 
Iwtki bam# >M«< taal PH at of al 
115 S .OOM? MALTOS $ *9 # -4 o l l 

♦ U N IT 
A P A R T M E N T p lu s vac an t lot 2 S tory. e x c v p tio n a l condition, 1oo% occupied, sapor ole m ater* 
24 C om plexes n v n ilo b le th ru p u t 
Son Antonio from S thru 232 tint)*, motels also o v a iia b 'ie 
Call tor details 

OPEN 12 TO 6 
1441o-14418 
BROOKHOLLOW 
TOW NHOUSES 
OFF SAN PEDRO 
The life of BILEY'' ton be yours when you live here Pool, cocona, beautiful londvaping, cored for by someone else, lownhemes with 2 or 3 bedrooms, big garages with auto door openers Fireplaces ond wot bars Do come Sot1 Re vt got tom* good buys, tamo low equities ond somt under construction 
157o6 CREEKSIDE 

Toke Met mer Id to Shorty Cliff, to 
Creekside in San Pedro Hills ond see o super contemporary new home by CMM Reitbochet, with 3 bedrooms, J baths, big living orca, two ogling ottos, and exciting ideas ond motonai Friend to sell of 
$519oo 

OPEN 2 TO 5 
8815 WOODBURY 
O A K FOREST ESTATES 
THIS 
IS 
DI 
Convenient, im moculete. light ond away with cathedral ceilings throughout 3 bedrooms, 2 boths, with country kitchen, ond greot record on utility cost LOR 4o s 
1o2 YOSEMITE 
H O LLYW O O D PARK 
You H be glad you com* to see this attractive 3 bedroom. 2 both ond den home on on acre col de-sot 
I po lot Covtrod with Oak Trees, any mu features. $49,95o 
384 MUSTANG CIRCLE 
H O LLY W O O D PARK 
Ask about the utility cost while you ara looking at the spacious 3 bedroom, 2 beth end don home with hreptoce 1ox11 ft. utility room and so mony other top t i ­ tres 
No thru street for your families safety 

R E A L T O R S P e rrin Boltel Ole 

 is R IC K r IR i PUAC I IN O E N 
Spacious 3-2 2, seporule dram a loom , utility room . ta ip e i, a ir ond m o rt, S12S month. Converse! 
144 SS64 H o lt M cC orm ick 344 2991 

INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
2o-24 Units 

O P E N 2 TO S OO 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K 
597o MIDCROWN 
Sunday I to 5 

Charming 1-2-1, convenient to elementary school ond Rindsor 
Pork Moll 
$26,95o. Haft Loo Boswell 
_ 
736-222S yd d e ahie Owens 
Q 
Co-Realtors 

M a in A v * . O f * . 

4o5 EL PORTAL 
Tower View Inc 732 6157 
F irs t tim e opened 3-2 den. fire p lo c e 
C o n te m p o r a r y s ty lin g 
M any extras, a n d it s 
Open Sunday 2 ta S 
13o27 I ABRIAM! leva# 4 kaftan J awk tiapim 
Iras. MM * * i Own ta Maf-u * auf pa* h a w ti aaa#-a f auf rn pa Kl Mi* (ana aaa Mi 
12714 WIICOBU 
W UVI OM. lawn. Man kaan i kafraapn, I k i n twin, ca va rap 
U apa- SJO OOO u / y I MMS. Can. I 

• Vol lout 
Locations 
• flexible 
Teems 
OFI* SUNDAY 
2:3o ta BKK) p.m. 
ENCHANTED FOREST 
726 SUSIE COURT 
BEAUTIFUL SPBINKLFIEO, SHADED LOT. Quiet cut de-soc of fine homos, fully carpeted ond dropod two story rock One bedroom down ond two up (could bo three) Self-deonmg end Microwave ovens, formal and in­ formal hying with natural rock fireplace 2o recreation room Raik to all levels of North East schools Complete shopping facilities within 4 blocks. 
IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY AVAILABLE* 27oo Sq Ft (Per County Accords)' 
REDUCED TO $57,SOO 824 o171 ANYTIME 

O P E N IS W eather perm itting 

Outstanding 3-2-2, tiropleco. pool, 
N E schools. Excellent areo 
FOREST HULS 
5114 ST. NICHOLAS 
3 :o o Po 5 :3 o p .m . 
Popular Northside orca Only 
$34,9oo Rolk to elemontary ond middle schools letter then new condition. Delightful cover ed polio, fenced yord, metal storage died ond finished dou­ ble garage 
Mosier bedroom easily accommodates king size furniture Evety room bright ond cheerful. 

Beanie Owens 
•214391 
Co— BIA I TOtS 
M. IMT OFC 
I bedroom-Nving room, brookiest grog and kitchen each unit Within walking distance to boca, $22,SOO 
Niles 656-7SBo. k o 
S 
O t t T 
& k l i l l R i 

Open 2 to I am 
3-2-2. separate living, dining, ond fom ily rooms, plus office or sew­ ing room , fire p la c e , m a n y E X * 
TR AS! M id $4o * 

O M N 1 -5 R .M . 
41oo CREEK RUN 
TWIN CREEK 
Make offer on equity and assume loan. Large oil brick 3 bedroom w ith cozy corner fireplace. 

G et the grand nebii af collecting re n t instead af p a v in g i t 1 S ta rt with this p u m a investm ent 4 unit a p a rtm e n t 
N e a r schools, only 
$43,ooo 
No show ing en M an or 
Tao* 822 33o1 
C e n t u r y 21 
REALTORS 
5o YEARS OF TRUST 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656 557o 
691 1171 
341 9191 

W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
o3oo______________ R E A L T O R S 

SH O W IN G I — t 

2 i ACRES 
Hilt Country V illage Off Tow ar D r 
C irc u la r d riv e a p p ro a c h ta the tre e s und g re e n m e ad o w s lu r r o u n d in g th is b r ic k 
4 1 -!, d e n !E P ), plus huge gam ero o m ideo) tar fam ily Horses here. tee 
826 214/ 

KEY GROUP 
GAS!-BANE* BCALFY 
44 U N IT S N O R T H W E S T 
B X 
C E L L E N T IN V E S T M E N T 
2} U N IT S N O E T H E AST 
E U R 
N IS H E D E L E X IB L E E IN ANC 
IN G 141 72o1 R E A L T O R S 

ORIN VONO AT ] TO 6 
CASTU HALS (STATU 
214 OtATTtMGTOM CT. 
You So** go* »o Mb# #9*5 ort# Bo b#(MRv# ti 5 bedroom* 4'/» bn#u( 
IMMR iv*w ry 
For o il fk g rpmgn,y,#% oF 
#Yt* 
Nom#, 
Ludwig 
#*• rnttghtoorHaod it c «M d b * # » • buy o f # ! • y «o r f«v you 
349-S m 349-353$ 

 ffiid E am e Ow en a p l 
Co RI AITON 
P 
I M 
N Central Ole 

S U N D A Y l f 
ASSUME 3 U N ITS 
SUA m onth. 3 m eters 
Carpet, panel, vacant § I show 
I V - N il) 
Watson A Son 
638 1343 
BABCOCK N O R T H 
Com e feel at hom e, in trite lovely la r g e m o d e l to w n h o m e 
I B e ­ drooms, includes N ing-eiied m as te r w ith b a lc o n y a n d d re s s in # a rea 2 ’ , brith*, m int conditions 
P rice reduced to s i) ,rag r n . m S S iLijMRi 
... 
I Mw (rag a r m o ewtds w o o r ib w m - 
I Hrtploti 4 btdroomt 
I 
(Nm, MBffsfiBid MMB room ared 

" N S s f f i t P * " 

 l l unit efficiency I veors old All built ins, com pletely tu rn . e x c e l­ le n t o c c u p a n c y ra te a n d cash flaw 
In p re fe rre d north Austin a re a Good financing 
I 4SI 4142 gr I 4)4 711 1_________ ___________ 
Bv 
O w n e r , 
C o lo n ia l b r ic k 
Townhouse duplex Neor M cCre- lees A ttractive well kept proper- ty ISS,*5# S34-15/S 

R E A LTO R S M L I 

BfAlTOBS 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
$46oo U n d er 
A p p ra is a l 
3 b e d ro o m 
3 b a th , over 246o sa ft plus /OO sa 
It unfinished storage SSI.OOO Buy direct from ow ner 
Open Sat 
IS till dark. Sun I till 4 / l l E lu ab e th 
Rd >24-o666____________________ 

OPEN SUNDAY 
I OO tm 6 :o o p .m . 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
14714 CHUtCHIll (STATES BOULEVARD 
Set pert Homos by Jasst and Irutt Boh ar 

See Nm exciting now 3 boBeom heme in on exciting new meg nm finely constructed nohve reek heme Mends beautifully with the surrounding native oaks The angle Imng orae hsghhghted by e firepfce renversoi^n att. formal dining rn Hie separate dmmg room informal dining m ine gorden learn Other lectures include 

SIO,OOO CASH DORN 
BUYS 63 UNITS 
LUCY S W S 822 1383 

O M N SUNDAY S T O S 
2119 GREENCREEK 
IN SAN PI DMO HILLS 
This 1oo9k brick, hi level heme bes many extras' formal Irving ond dining, 24x14 living areg with firegrate morning loom, large mosfgr bedroom Pretty yord with native riots UA todoy to see! 
M M * . 6 5 8 -3 5 3 5 

I 
O P fN I OO S OO 
8 3 2 3 DP A G O N hi M A U N STATION | # | 
X NIGH TS 1oo6. 
A new k 

Opal' 2— S Son Pedro Hills 
Perfoct fom ily living in this 4 be­ droom, 2 both. in choree lot O lto n, good loon to assum e 
Under 
$>o,ooo 
824 6664 
R E A L T O R S 
824 6272 
5U B W E E M S 6 A5SOC 

NOR TH TOWN R E A L T Y 
Duplex 
P ric e reduced this week only* WU* $44,$86 Now $48.$8# 
I bedroom 2 both cent air heat, neat n hoot* ond shopping center 
342 6/S4. 
________________ energy saving 
Norm M 3 COO 
5 4 o * o o nr A scots te e e e l I 

 t l o s o a r ^ k f i i i u L . r Off* SAT SUM-2 TO $ PJI. 
' 
NEAR BROOKHOLLOW 
1314 GEAR CREEK 
3 7 7 Mora than 2,7oo sq ft of comtortobte living nestled ie en kl acre at nab fleer Huge den, with hreptoce Al brick 
PRK! NIGHT: $57,BOO 
HALLMARK PROPERTIES 
342 21*9 684-3334 
I 
Att euttnes 

 j ^ l T O a S — SO Y E A R S 
JO acres et land an G u ad alu p e 
R iver crane Ie San Antonio Bay ' i 1 m ile* to the R iver front (plenty el deer ond wild hog ) (SC acres Held 
Rice ar M o u e ) Copra m raeiot* 
I * W t an otter 6 p rn I >81 * 1/4 
7o acres et land on G u ad alu p e 
R iver close Ie San Antonia Boy ' i miles ta the R iver front (plenty et 
Beer ond w ild hog ) (SO ac r es field 
R ite si M o u e I Cobra m in era l* 
SI I OO Coll o n er * p rn I $88 41/4 

B IG B E N O — S6S pet a c re 
E er historic old Cigar Springs and 646 acres N ear Terlraguo indian or 
M a t t * 'im m o r a l* Personal use or par lect tor sub at riding Onset la n d a v a il 
M a c 
W illa r d 
S II r n 14/e ar 
S t) 4$$-243$ on weekends. i 

B L A N C O , T E X A S 
N ow b ric k horn#, 3 3, cavarad perch, utility ream huge earner fireplace, win daw ta a l a u a rry lira e n tra n c e , even end coe# t#p built into brick 
USO liv in g a r e a 
O n 2 le ts 
S38 SOO O w ner, (111) I1 M 9 S 7 ar 
: 8)3 4929___________________________ 

BY O W N E R , near Boerne L arge acreage- 819-oo4 496 /1)7 
I H O M E O N L a M a r P a n ip iu ig . 
R ockport, T i . (y r O ld 
’ > bleck 
- fro m 
SI 
C h a r le s 
B a y , 
J te a ro o m s , I full baths, C athy drat telling M oprace. glassed in 
Sun patio, lo re * heated swim m ing pool with jg c r u n w hirl pool, oui door B a r B Q ue an d an in d a a r 
• a i B Que P lilly c arp e te d , cen re t neat a ir, m any trees S U ,SOS or M ake O tte r 
P O 
Bae I U M , 
Rockport, TX 7 8|> l 

R E A LTO R S Btdnco Rd CH< 

 ife o so u r& k S in & i in in i* 4 plea. s ep a rate m e ters , good - ondit.on In excellent rental a re a near E t la m O w n e r fin , tim ed 
Lucille 
Bierechw otei 
344 I M I , 34* SS49 
•O B JONES- R E A L T O R S 
O R IN 2 :3 o -4 :3 o 
4 1 5 SHARON DR. 
In M i l WOOP ON tra m TS 
SUPPES la.inai jliil a ha ta i 

$341 m o n th ly by feuym e this 
E A S Y E O U li V in C ornein! ll 
I 2-3, w ith d e n 
F e n c e d v o id , c o vc ied patio ond gard en a red 
T ra n s fe n e d ow ner soys 
S E L L 
NOW ‘ 128 4 )4 ) o *o6 I 4)5 7163 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E 
I 6#6 sa ft of doughnut living 14 ■ l f fa m ily ro o m 
G r o a t to r entertaining p ire p la c e Study 
I 
■oths t Treed acres 
B ern with 
Ste ti * Reduced to U S egg 
SOS H IL L C O U N T R Y LA N E 
ON rawer Tower RE Oeen I to I 
HfZjUilteHv 348-3181 
2118 KEWmOHTH de * 4 Mi ii r fRk i ii* re n ti 
SF Re 
1 
YW wtPW 
TEM #M steno hem e i* built Uke the 
Reek at arar o ile r ap g b e puM ui corner tot in N g rth w a a R w ith o o x i s p r in k le r e v e te m . p p d privacy rated O ver rata eg ft A 
|r«Of (NIV * 
12666o4 
R E A L T O R S 
*22 5124 
SUR W E E M S A ASSOC 

|t, m f r a k p A .fra qpA af tY lS /“ S B T n S i l f i t j i 
QUY CHiRAAAN CO. includes ani od* agt 
T o ta l rent 
S4S6 Separate m eters V ery geed shope Woodlawn grog 
GRACE L A IR D U 4 43IS 7)4 oo*/ 
LA R O E D U P L E X 
N ear bus and shagging 
1 1 /o 1 1 / 
Watson 6 San 
7 )1 1 * )) 
L A R G E E ST A T B , E ric k , d u e tt cottage, a p a rtm e n ts , choice tor home or racem e 124 4SO/ 

I - ) Sunder l i e C H E R W O O O U H 
HOO blk et V an c e Jackson) All brick ) bedroom , J bath tie *# in, approx I a cre M ostess-^M aggie 
Toot m en 7)$ 4768 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

Open House Sunday 2—I 
M O N T E V I S T A 

C e n t u r y 21 
"O w n IU h o J V > r o ' s 
2o3 SKYVIEW 
Large aWar home en e tamer lot ta im pi orion Hills $65,ooo 
5919 SENECA 
4 begrown home in Leon Totter lag* thong ream Ewing ream, ami family foam with lusetac* 
$$4,9oo 
684-433o • 344-62o7 fSkVEANIEOWEI 
J J S 
Cd- - M A I TOR* 

W AX BF I i UP R I ALTARS 

 w a n t e d , ta u tly in NS bouse. 
SI SOO or (OSS 
Ne ogents please 
3J7 -AAI). 

H O M E S OP TO O AY in v it e * you Ie p r e v ie w I« 5 1 4 m a j e s t i c P R iN C I-b u tM w ith a d u c tim tnairag b u yer h i m ind. 4 bed ro o m . I b o th . s in g le liv in g a rg o , w ether 
S oittlle tig e rs, to- t e r r om . c e d a r d e c k , d e c d rd td r teetures ppd m e n , e xtra s THM hom e writ not ba owe reg et H ut price if built opera ss* 4M Conv 
I* i nu N et Churchill Htpb School oh dram a Cam e and m ake your- sew » bem ol o pe# ll-S Sat Sun 

OPEN HOUSE 

S A T . a w d S U N . 
12-4$ P M . 

Hmm i up>rb Hom g g 

U n i v a r s it y O o k s 

F a r cash hast Service Win trode 
6 o 6 O oPAO LO 
3*4 jgyt 
R E A L T O R 
W H Y P A Y R E N T / Own your own hem e, no dow n b a y m a n ! to on vane' Paym ent# las* then rani 
L iq rd M ontgom ery ase 1*o4 

L e a k in g P a r E a r ly C e n tu r y 
C n o r m * Se# lo v e ly t p e c io u l ham #, used as duplex, historical area, Zoned O ' W I SOO 
8(888 BAITY 
8181848 
Open 2—4 T o rrid Mills 
P R IC E R E D U C E D ) A rc h ite c t e d re a m 
O v e r >i a e ro in choice lei often colonial in Oetign, ) ba at earn 2 boras den and electric k itc h e n plus a u a r ie r t, c e n tra l h e e l a nd a ir , fir e p la c e , p ric e d n a m at MS 66C 
824 #*>4 
R E A L T O R S 
124 f if e 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 

ALL B R IC K J bedroom r I bath 
H O M E E U IL T ON Y O U R LOT 
SIS,TSO U t ' G orging ow W Ava 
S P E C IA E U IL D E R S inc.2oo-1o91 
A ssu m e tow e g u ity 
N e w o n ly lie,so n VA s i l l en la rg e rat 
D E E R R U N 
/ i i i Coal C reek 
I m in tram M E O C E N T E R 
ALSO 
2-*ra< y, 2 large be d re a m t UP On tt te p h ills id e 
Shew m e b e tte r view, I M shew m uch higher price. 
New til,7 * 4 . 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o 7.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Mondos tfifu Thursday 
5 OO P M for Following D ay 
Friday I 3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P M for Sunday 
Friday 5:3o P M For Monday 

C L O S E D S A T U R D A Y A N O S U N D A Y 
Cancellations cmd Corrections con ba modi 
M onday thru Friday 8 A M . ti) 5 3 o P M 

I 
The I apres* Ne wa C o ir gcreph re»po««*t» ■' U 
V fc, errpr* Hie fir*/ de/ of pub!*: uhQK aah 
J 

C e n t u r y 21 
KR KOM ON 5 MIKS 
Laurel H u ll, N W m o p 41# end 
W u 1 1 1>uch 
I b le c k w e s t to 
B tu e m e l 
L e v e l* T r e n c h w ith e v e r y m o d e rn c o n v e n ie n c e 
CouiTvara entry E rick ) 2 2 Dud) tireetdce divides living ana dining roams Fum ily roam with expan 
Slve use of glass 
S a ltillo t i l * , barm ,od ceiling sunshine m e rn mg ream (towered a r euna* N ear 
USA A. UTSA, M edical Complex 

L arge creek rrw tt let in exclusive 
H o i s t bu v 
O ex tr e e s a n a beautiful natural tandscapine an spring ted crue# Em ily h r*! c ia ** golf, ten n is, m a rtn o ana y a c h t d u b an Lobe LB J Can ) * < / i m 
K arnes City. Tx 
Aer sale lease. m ara business district, corner et hur.hu and Braw n 
I story brick blae 
3 )1 ) sa It 
A ir candiiiened a rea 2 re s t,earns tanner (lese! paved loading a rea end dock with overhead sleet acor at re a r ad laten t aka suitable tor un* type r s ta ll o u tle t ba n k a r s a v in g s lean w rite er phone C A M a rvin , 
P o 
S ex 1)426 P l w o r th , Tx 
7 4 IU 
(111) 
/ M M U or 
5 A 
134-176#__________________________ 

7*4> P IM L IC O (L o t 4*) 
Built en a hills,ar and a a tiftie d Ie exploit th * m agnificent views and tooting sum m er breezes Fegtur rag 4 bear wens ) baths, g a m e r. earn, fa m ily liv in g , 2 stone fir e ­ place* la d story Ovens, fully ai nutated 2 system air-heat. sunken tu b w e t b a r , fu lly c a r a e t e d 
M em ber ahi# W P aire o ks R ogue! and Swim Club H e m * epee daily tar m spec lien 
D r iv e eut im l l n o rth w e s t, e x it L e ch s e n n a * p re m ed North an a cm es road to 
Com a Stanley sign, ta rn right po 
) •> m d ** ta P A ib o A K S office 

S e v e ra l new h e m e * en t * i I * 2 acre H aets now bem a construct*# in 
T R A IL W O O D . 
A d d itio n a l acre ag e ar le t* t* bund an a ls * available, l f m iles N orthw est et 
TS aa i t rland eut iH -tfi 
Law vaulty availably en a sugar atli o itia * ) bedroom , I pain with fire p la c e , w et b a r, a n a Ir e lH t covered acrita and en a bra I k * dr aam 2 bath I story with leis at extras Aiea avomxMe I bedroom , 
I i baths 
I story w ith w et bar, fir e p la c e , u t ilit y rg e m e n d spacious none u n d e r construe- 
Hon ait new tty !** fro m t U /4 sa ft ie ifs ) sa ft with pack yard and attorned garages 
Coll M f U U Anytim e 

Leaks rata oat, s tu d ied courtyard 
This 1-2 3 a u atity p a c k e d hom o b ic k * up to taroa ranch Located in e x c lu s iv e 
W O O D S 
O F 
S H A V A N O en O * { a v a l e R d 
Take Hr Si left and leek tor reek home of 4642 SHA V A N O WOOOS 
O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y dad 
S U N D A Y 

 a t* lis t 
B R O K E R 
694 344o 
A y aw ner, T e rre ll Mitt*. U te W il­ s hire. open l f, 4 b e d ro o m s, ) ba th *, rad ac a# to gab' 8 |4 //e t 
Thelma B. Preissman 
OPEN HOUSE l l P M 

 to L o k tid a 
L a n d s c a p e d 1-1*1, 
Open c a th e d ra l livin p . ap p l'c e d u o idan kitchen I tub baths much m ere 
Assume p f refinance 
128,555 
I U *>*> 
P i rakes E lly e s s # * /) 

ECM dustily 
O M H O M E B U IL I 
495 /4*o 
B R O K E R 
644 11)2 hi A l i YONA W A N I AD' 
IN rut I x etiS S NI Wk 
CAII IJS I 666 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC R E A ' f p f S 

o1866157 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday February 27 197 7 
21o HOUSES-WORTHEAST 
121o HOUSES MORTHEAST 

21o HooSES-MoRTHEAS1 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 

DECISIONSDEaSiONS! 

Choose between these 2 homes, reody to welt onto a new family >3 and 4 bedrooms with 2 living areas— I with fireplace Priced to sell. Mites 824 9818 

A PINE BEGINNING 
SIERRA NORTH 

3 Bedrooms, new on market. Mf schools. Immaculate. Priced to sell 
523,5oo. Niles 826 7768 
EASY LIVING lovely 3-2-1 on quiet street in Sun 
Gate Beautiful new wolf paper and carpet fully equipped kitchen, fen­ cer) yard Mony owner odded ex­ tras 
Ask us about this one! 
527,2oo Mites, 494 2191 

WOW!!! 

Younger than springtime ond just as fresh. 3-2 2, with bonus room for game room or formal dining. 
Fireplace ond redwood covered patio Niles, 824 9818 

LITTLE AND LOVEABLE 

BARGAIN 
2 bedroom, 
I bath, carport, carpeted thruout 
New double oven New roof, Alamo Hgts schools Niles, 822 9438 

ASSUME 6% VA 

(harming 
3 2 2, in established nreo Under $3o,ooo. Much tender loving care Walk to elementary school 
SI SS.SS mo 
Niles 6S8 
1428. 

LOVER’S DELIGHT 

(vet popular Dakota Plan, 3-2-2, oversized family room with fireplace 
Good equity 
Quick possession. Niles 826-/668. 

NEW I and 2 STORY 
HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 

$33,6oo to 536,4SO 
3 and 4 bedrooms, immediate occupancy 
Excellent view in beautiful 
Northern Hills setting 
Carpeted ond 2 car gorage 
ROYAL RIDGE 

I and 2 Story, $43,SOO to $49,1 SO 
3 ond 4 bedrooms, carpeted, 2 car garages Beautiful neighborhood 

D A Y O R N IG H T 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

HAO rttM I s u u th w « **» t r c a l t q 

21o HOUSES-NORTHEAST 

ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 

TUTHILL KULS-RRST OFFERING 
— Stately and spacious 2 story brick for distinguished living. 
Enhanced bv nigh ceilings, handsome millwork 4 bedrooms, 
3 beths, qtrs., 3 cor garage, living room with fireplace, formal separate dining, landscaped yord. 

TERRELL HILLS — Sophisticated living in this 
3-2 in choice location, living room with FP, separate dining. 
Family room opens to garden mr. and brick terrace 2ox2o master suite 

TERRELL HILLS — 
Old World charm in this stone home com­ pletely renovated 2 years ago for luxury living. 4-4'/? plus qtrs. 
Master suite up with dual dress­ ing rms. 

CONTEMPORARY MASTERPIECE 
— Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE Enjoy complete privacy on an acre setting. 4 3'/z. Master suite opens to sundeck. Courtyard with hid pool 

SAN 
PEDRO 
HILLS 
(OFT 
KROOK HOLLOW) 
- Handsome 
3 2 2, living room with 
FP, cathedral ceiling. Plush eorpet, dropes Gourmet kitchen. 

TOWNHOUSE 
- 
MARYMONT 
AREA — Dramatic 2 story 3 2'/? with 3 car garage 
FP in living room, wet bar, atrium 

2-STOtY 4 - UNIT APARTMENT 
— Excellent investment loch has living room, bedroom, both, equipped kitchen. $36,5oo 

JONES-KING 
826-2439 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

CORNER LO T- 
CHOICE!! 
Hm m ■Hell Hmmm 
CMNtry Chib U*»*•#... 

* 
M a tte r bedroom with connecting 
(ttudv, 
TV, tiffin g room?) cotyup th * beautiful, com er fireplace 
♦ 
W e t bor, built in fam ily room 
* featurin g e x tra large box w indow * in fam i­ ly room and break - rant room. 
A In to r gorage from tid e room. 
♦ 
W alk to golf, or swimming. 

ONLY $ 4 3 ,4 5 o with o view 
S I TOTAL VA M O V I IN 
Special Conv financing avail. 
NORTHCLIFF* t n i i n t r v C lu b E s ta te s 

 w w w w w w m 
MONTE VISTA 
Sploshes of color moke each room come olive in this unusual Mediterroneon shmo 
3 or 4, ?'/?, + qtrs 826 5893, 
824 5279 
QUIET LOCATION 
Secluded, tucked away 
Con venient to everything Spacious country kitchen with kitchen 
3 2 732 1291,733 8946 
TERRELL HILLS 
Oversized, treed lots lovely 3 
2 home, pool, qtrs 826 56oo, 
826 3738 
DEMAND LOCATION 
Quality construction, lovely in tenor detail 
Spacious rooms for entertaining 
826 3349, 
824 5279 
Carolyn Graham 
VI AUM. 
1244*73. 
Anytime 

Large 
»toie- 

 tennit 

OAK HOLLOW 

8 ro o m s , 2 b ath s w ith d o u ­ b le v a n itie s , d o u b le fir e ­ 

 p la c e , 
2 ca r g a ra g e , a p ­ 

 p lia n c e s , cu l-d e soc; o w n e r 

 tra n s fe rre d . 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 - 6 2 1 1 

 lovely 2 story family home with a guest bedroom, ond bath down. 
High ceilings, gleaming hardwood floors, living room with fireplace, separate dining room, huge fam i­ ly room, library, delightful patio 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 

2 story with basement game room living room 
(fireplace) separate dining, morning room, breakfast room and powder room down All large bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite. 
S p rin kle d grounds with pool. 

SUPERB LOCATION 

Magnificent spaces for large scale entertaining |oined by tory areas for intimate family moments. 2 level master suite, 
4 other kingsized bedrooms 
Updated with meticulous core. Unusual chandeliers, unique flooring, 4o' family room with built-ins On 2 manicured large lots. 

MIGHTY TREES-AH SCHOOLS 

Delightful 
I story brick on beautiful spcinklered grounds 
Designed by owner architect with many special handcrafted features for this home 

CHARMING COTTAGE 

On o quiet street in most desirable residential area (lose to shopping and bus Hardwood floors, fireplace in living room, separate dtnmg. 3o s. 

HISTORICAL AREA 

On o 35o' deep lot. 4 bedrooms, plus 2 sitting rooms up Beautiful foyer formal living dining rooms, library, breakfast room and large morning room, modern kitchen. Beautiful Estate 

TERRELL HILLS AH SCHOOLS 

Delightful one story on a corner 
Living room with fireplace separate dining room, fomily room 
(Redondo tile floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest house 
Gorgeous new kitchen 824 3233, 
822 5973, 822 91o3, 826 oo49 

21o - HOUSES-NORTHEAST 

 s i m o v e IN V A 
CONVENTIONAL S% DOWN 

No Pay mon! Fill April 7 7 
We have several 3 bedroom pions. 

$ 2 8 , o o o - S 3 4 , 9 5 o 

AU HOMES FEATURE: 

\S 1oo% Brick Construction i/" 
Handcrafted 
- Wood burning Fireplace \ S Energy 
Saving rockage i/* Cor- 
B sf 
Central heat-air t / ' eluxe Magic Chef oil Electric 
Kitchen \S I Cor Garage 

S FURNISHED MODELS 

O P E N 9 - 9 

W O O D S T O N E 

C A U 
JOHN GILLIAM 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

CLEAR SPRING 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 

 is just down the street from this well kept 3 bedroom, 2 both. Ira mg roam, Family room, carpeted home 
Pleasant neighborhood, close to shopping 
A value ot 
S28, SOO OO 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

I 

SEEN EVERYTHING? 
No you haven't, because this home bos lust come on the market, ond you ll be surpnsed ut the volue in this modern — but comfortable 3 bedroom, 2 both beauty. It s on eye opener, the very thing youa order if you were the builder yourself And — where else is it — but WIND­ 
CREST, convenient to everything 
Now, ofter you hove seen this home, you HAVE seen everything! 
Call for more details. 
344-62o7 
6K4-433o 

DiANH OWENS 

CAMELOT ll 
4 bedroom, 2 bath home located in Camelot ll. This home bos mony, many extros including o bright cheery garden kitchen, overlooking privacy fenced bock yard Offered at $36,SOO, owner will consider F H A. or V A 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
341-9191 
691-1121 

212-H O ES W i m m 

Co-Realtor 

N. West Oft. 

NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 

Pork Village - 4 bedroom, 2 

 bath 2 flying oreos. Built ins in 

 family room, fenced Walk to oil 

 schools and Windsor Pork Mall. 

523,5oo Niles 492 1oo3 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

6S6-552Q 691-1121 341-9191 

OAK HULS TERRACE 

Beautiful 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath home with 2-car garage, large family room with 
Fireplace, sunken living room with brick oc cent woll ond covered patio For outdoor living One block from elementary schools 

212 HOMES MORTHWEST 
212 HPMES HDRfflWEST 
212 HOMES WORTWWEST 

GERONIMO FOREST 

Large 3 bedroom, 2 bath, all brick home on a corner lol over on ocre in size with many beautiful trees, lovely cathedral boomed fomily room with fireplace 
Over size double garage Mony extros. 

BLOSSOM PARK 

 lovely 3 bedroom, 2'/z baths, fully carpeted townhome with fireplace Nearly 16oo sq. ft of living area. Walking distance to tennis court and pool 

FOR on AILS AND VIEWING 

CALL 342-411$ ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE 

REALTY 

PWOD RIGHT 
• SIX BEDROOMS 
CASTLE HILLS ESTATES 

The impressive wall welcomes' you to mis brick split-level with 6 | bedrooms, 
4 VV baths large fireploced Family room plus huge ( fireplaced gameroom. On about 
VS ocre. Rest ond view the stars ( from the high deck 
$119,ooo. 
You must see this! 

826-2347 REALTORS 

‘W m 'W m 

o3 SUCCESS price 

! w i s e , a b e t t e r w a y f o r 

| b u y e r t o m e e t e e l i e r 

I 
I 

W O OD LAKE 

Attractive well-maintoined home on 

 cul de sac 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with living, dining, ond fomily 

 rooms 
No city tax 
Assume or 

 refinance Upper 3o's. Coll George 

 leGrand 655 o7o7, 653 o865 

^ ® a v4SH BY' 
• ca (.row 

SPICULE U P to r S P R IN G — L o re hom e in p o p u la r J e ffe rs o n A re a. 
L iv in g .D in in g ro o m c o m b in a tio n w ith fire p la c e and b u ilt-ln s , 3 be ­ d ro o m s . 7 file b a th s 
B e a u tifu l tre e d y a rd w ith b ric k B a r B Que 
53o,6oo 342 3211 A N Y T IM E 

TERRELL HILLS” 
P ric e re d uce d on this 3-2 sp acio u s lo m ily hom e. L ots of s to ra g e and closet space. L o v e ly b ack y a rd . 
822 33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

W IL S H IR E ESTATES lovely 2 story 4 2 2 home Brand new roof ond new paint inside and out tots of trees in big yard 
$3o,95o. Open terms. Coll 828 
57o4 

K IR B Y 

Convenient 2 story, 3 bedroom, 

T h both, double gorage, formal 

 ond informal dining, fully car­ 

 peted, $36,9oo Coll 828 57o4 
CENTURY 21 

BOB BOOGERS, REALTORS 

E AS T S ID E L O C A T IO N 
N o d o w n p a y m e n t, c o m p le te ly 
^ re m o d e le d J b e d ro o m h o m e 
; Looks G re a t 
I 141 B lit 
A BD O 
494 3229 
E V E R Y T H IN G N IC E 
13-2-2. p a n e le d den, b a y w in d o w b re a k fa s t lo lo v e ly y a rd , f r u it | trees, p riv a c y fence W o rksh o p 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

IDEAL 
Is this 3 b e d ro om , 2 b a th d ouble c a r g ara g e hom e, lo c a te d close lo new W in d s o r P o rk m a ll 
It has e v e ry th in g in c lu d in g tra s h co m d o c to r , s p r in k le r s y s te m o n d e le c t r ic g a r a g e d o o r o p e n e r 
P ric e d in M id 3o s. 
656 3ooo A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin B ed e l Qtc 
3 J' i J. in C am e lo t, w et b a r, fire place, c o rn e r lo t 2 s to ry 
545,58o 
Jim A shley R eol E sto Ie 684 4176 

"JUST LISTED” 

GLAMOUR IN THE GLEN 

Unusuoul, 
MINT condition, 
3 bedroom, 
2 both home with bright cheerful kitchen large dining area and paneled living loom1 Offered FHA VA or low assumption $19,1oo Niles, Call 
Arnold ot 342 8948 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121 6S6-SS2o 341-9191 

M AKE AN 
OFFER 

Owner desperate to sell this 3 

 bedroom, 
2 bath in live 
Oak 

Estates 
Only I year old, assume 

8% VA loon, $223 month 

I T e rre ll H ills , By o w n e r, 3-1, liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , d in in g ro o m , la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith D 'H a n is tile flo o r. Cent, h eat and w in d o w u nits, la rg e lo t w ith m o n y tre e s. 
*39,5oo 
824 4197 
No a ge nts 
Please. 

N E E D LO TS OP RO O M ? This 3 2 w ith 2 c a r d eta che d g a ra g e has it. 
B onus b e d ro o m , b ath a tta ch e d to g a ra g e 
M odest e g u ity . 341-4484 
R E A LT O R S . 

RED CARPET 
N E E D M O R E R O O M ’ ? 1 
L oo k a t th is 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h om e w ith fin is h e d g a ra g e a n d beam ed c e ilin g . C a rp e tin g , fence, p e r fe c t c o n d it io n 
P r ic e d a t 
*27,ooo w ith open te rm s 
656-1234 

RED CARPET 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
. 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

RED! RED! RED! shag c a rp e t c o v e rs e n tire 3 be d ro o m h o m e 
H u g e d e n w ith c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , fire p la c e , f o r ­ m a l d in in g ro o m , la rg e p riv a c y fenced y a rd . L ow 4o's. 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o 95o2 
R E D U C E D *32oo 
4 b e d ro om , 2 s to ry , re a d y to r Im ­ m e d ia te m o ve in. B e tte r tha n new c o n d itio n . N E s c h o o ls . C a rp e t, d ish w a sh e r, c e n tra l a ir. 
C all 
822 58o8 
E D G IL B E R T R E A L T O R S 

T H E G L E N , 3-1-1, o ir , fe n c e d , 
5245 dow n, *2o4 m onth 
J & J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n y tim e 

B Y O W N E R , N E . 3 2. Irv.ng ro o m , I 
•EXTRA NICE® den w ith ti re p la c e , la rg e g a m e r- I H igh on a h ill. 3 b edroom . 2 b a th , 
I s p a c io u s ope n liv in g a re a w ith 

A la m o H e ig hts o ld e r hom e, n ea r s c h o o ls 
L a r g e r o o m s , h ig h c e ilin g s , c e n tra l a ir h e a t 2 P lu s I 653 2798 study, plus u p s ta irs ro o m p a rtia l 
Iv fin is h e d 
P ric e , m id 3o s C o ll 
822 33o1, m tes 828 45oo 

J - l 'j- 1 , n e w c a r p e t a n d p a in t, fe n ce d a n d c o v e re d p a tio , e ves 
69o 9935. K eep try in g 
N E W L IS T IN G 
I 2 2, b u ilt in k itc h e n , la rg e m a s ­ te r s u ite , in t e r io r c o m p le te ly i re p a in te d . 18x16 c o v e e d p a tio 
O ver 165o s a lt of liv in g a re a As s u m e 7»o V A lo a n w ith *2 7 2 p aym en ts w ith low e q u ity 
V acant 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
653 813 I B ill P a rk in s R lty655 5226 
NO DO W N TO A N Y O N E 
3 4 be d ro o m s . a ir , a p p lia n c e s . F ir s t 
P a ym e n t A p ril 
222 96I6TE RR A RE A LT Y 24 H R S : 
N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
T im beau t it u lly b u ilt 3-2-2 w ith s p lit b e ­ d ro o m s , has I la rg e liv in g a re a w ith 8' lo n g a rc h e d f ir e p la c e , s e pa ra te d in in g , *51,9oo 826-6388, 

REDUCED 
IN 
M O N T E 
V IS T A , 
E le g a n t 
4-4' i i, tw o s to ry 
L a rg e liv in g w ith f ir e p la c e , fo r m a l d in in g . 
I lib a ry w ith fire p la c e , sun ro o m , j la rg e c o rn e r lo t w ith b e a u tifu l 
; pool, A nd tw o ca banas. C all R uth 
I F oiles now* 
3 41-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D TA TE R E A LT O R S 

REDUCED UNO 6RAND 
S U P E R clean 3 y e a r old hom e in 
Son P e d ro H ills 
H a s a S U P E R o n c e o f *4 4 ,5 o o 
F ir e p la c e in . p „ r r i „ o h 
. „ n, fa m ily ro o m 
C o m o le te e le c tr ic c I d m 
J 
L ' i v , o n ? 
Iv ilrh o n This hom o . * Aka C lin e D 
'A R M 
A 9 oo o DUY Of $33,9oo. 

TIRED OF PLAIN VANILLA? 
T h en see th is g re a t 2 s to r y , 5 la rg e b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s, fo rm a l ro o m , la r g e fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , cu sto m d ra p e s , c a rp e t­ in g , p ro fe s s io n a l la n d s c a p in g , 
29oo sq.ft. of g ra c io u s liv in g N iles 
655 7492 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656-242o A N Y T IM E 

 t o d a y s B a r g a i n s 
N ew to m a rk e t, e x c e p tio n a lly nice 
3-2 hom e w ith o ffic e . C a ll to see this one! A good buy to r O ak H ills 
T e rra c e . O n ly *3o,9oo. C o n v e n ­ tio n a l o r assum e 
NO W O R R IE S 
C o re tre e liv in g con be y o u rs in 
•his nice 3-2 condo w ith fire p la c e . 
Use of ten n is c o u rt, poo lsid e lo c a ­ tio n , u tilitie s , m a in te n a n c e a n a a s s o c ia tio n fees a re in c lu d e d in one p a y m e n t a ll to r *34,9oo A s ­ sum e c o nve ntio n al. 
E X E C U T IV E S P E C IA L 
F a n ta s tic c o u n tr y e s ta te , lik e p ro p e rty w ith 4-3-2 hom e G re e n ­ house, 2ox4o h e a te d p oo l, te n n is co u rt, and horse paths. A ll fo r 
*1*5,ooo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7115 
R E A L T O R S 
TO D A Y S B A R G A IN S 
O ld e r 3 b e d ro o m hom e o ft B ro a d w ay 
Zoned B 3. V a lu e is in the la n d 
H ig h t r a f f i c f lo w 
O n ly 
*33,ooo conv 
S P A N IS H C H A R M 
E x c e lle n t 3-2-2, w ith sin gle liv in g concept, p ius fo rm a l d in in g room , 
C a lifo rn ia s ty le k itc h e n 
L o c a te d 

FOOTHILLS BEAUTY 

Custom 3 bedroom, 2 both home with all carpets and dropes 
Fireplace in family room plus huge gameroom 
Heated pool 
Ona extra large lot with mony trees. Priced at only $79,5oo. 
Niles call Frank Rotonda, 344- 
1932 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
J41-9I9I 691-1121 656-552o 

REGAL HOMES 
$31,95o, AU BRICK 

New 3 bedroom home, fully car- 
S eted, fireplace, 2 full ceramic aths, deluxe kitchen, built-ms. 
Patio large URGE TREES 
2 Car finished gorage 
613o UPWOOD 

Established area inside loop 41o 
Near Holmes High School ond new 
NW Super mall Only 2 left! Plus a 
4 bedroom VA or CONVENTIONAL 
Model OPEN SAT.-SUN. 
12 to 6 

REGAL HOMES 
. 
6 8 1 - 3 o 7 2 , 6 5 9 - 1 4 2 o 
^ 
— I— ^ 

 j^ kmhxxxmmnnmbrxmrmbb^mmmxnrmxxmxri^ f RICH MAN S VIEW... 
...at a moderate price. Brand new 4- 
2-2, located at 

“ TOP-OF-THE-HIIL” 
Big, big rear yard. 
Big double garage Hill Country rock retainer wall lots of doss ond living at 
$36,ooo. $1oo Move in VA. First pay­ ment May 1st. 

828-6343, Em s . 341-o416 

CORNELIUS rn 
& A S S O C IA TESU 

EVEN THE RICH 
UKE A BARGAIN 

Tired of looking at prestigious I with ridiculous prices? Well I bedroom, 4V> both home in Castle Kills 
Litotes would probably bo considerod the buy of the year! The benefits of ownership in this homo, other then ifs ability to provide shelter, ore in­ numerable 

349-5111 
349-3535 

DEANIEOWENS 
CO. REALTORS 

N. Central Ole. 

W H ISPER IN G O AKS From p ro fe s s io n a l la n d s c a p in g to th e 

2 ,6 o o sa f t o f c o n te m p o ra ry e le g a n c e , e n jo y 4 bedroom s, ir a - p lo c e d e n , C o u n try C lu b p r iv ile g e s , s u rro u n d e d in n a tu re s tre e s . 

FOREST O AKS Y o u r o w n tr e e lin e d com er c o m p le te w ith b ric k 
I 

 a c c e n te d 3 b e d ro o m h om e w ith c a th e d e rc l d e n . Q u ie t ly c lo s e to 
S.W. T exas M e d . C e rre r. Q u a lif ie d b u y e r m oves in on lo w c a s h . 

4 
THE S U M M IT O v e r 2 ,o o o sq ft o f u n iq u e b u ilt - in fe a tu re s , lik e 
I b r ic k a c c e n te d fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , ric h w o o d a c c e n ts 
Y a t e v e ry tu r n . F our bedroom s, e x c e l le n t s c h o o l* a p la c e to g ro w ! 

I VILLA G E NO R TH 
From E a rth -to n e d shag to p r iv a c y fe n c e d o r n i- 

» m e n ta l g a rd e n . . . a n e a t os a p in 4 b e d ro o m p lu s fir e p la c e d e n , a n d 
I a 12 ’ x 2 3 's p e c ta c u la r liv in g ro o m . R eal liv in g v a lu e a t $ 4 o , DUJ. 
• 

N O R T H W O O D C u s to m iz e d fa m ily room h ig h lig h ts o ll b r ic k th re e 

 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th in p -e fe rre d NEISD. E x p a n d e d sto ra g e , d o u b le c a r 

 p a rk in g , a n d 1 8 'x 2 o ’ r jla x e d liv in g p a tio . Low p a y m e n t p o te n tia l. 

■ T H O U S A N D O AK S B u ilt fo r th e ta s te o f to m o rro w ...c o n te m p o ra ry 
» 

5 b e d ro o m w ith a p p ro x . 2,5o o sq It sp re a d th ro u g h tw o sto ry tim ber 

 a n d m a so n ry d e s ig n . S e p a ra te liv in g , d in in g a n d fa m ily room s to o ! 

4 T W IN C R EEK In v itin g la n d s c a p e d e sig n s e ts o ff s tr ik in g 3 be d ro o m 
I h om e o w n e d b y an in te r io r d e c o ra to r. S u p e rb den a n d c o v e re d p a tio 
" s p e ll q u ie t e n jo y m e n t. Lots o f "p u s h b u tto n " e x t r a * N o rth s id e n ic e . 

■ CHARTER O AKS Pi c lu re s q u e In sid e o n d o u t... fro m c u l- d e - s a c to 
J 
T s c u lp tu re d c e ilin g s . P ro v in c ia l lu x u ry in th e m id - 5 o 's p r ic e 'a n g e , 
. 
A F our la rg e r bed ro o m s w ith b i- la v e l c o n v e n ie n c e . B ul I t - in w o rk s h o p . I 

A F O X R U N S o lid n a tiv e sto n e 3 b e d ro o m ,2 b a th . F o m ily ro o m has 
I 

J 
C HI 
J 
T O / 

P 
/MARI 

F IN D O UT WHYTHESE OWNERS 
CHOSE TO USE OUR NEW W A Y 

MARKETTHEIR FIN E H O M E S call 
I 

I 

I 

• 'MARKETING- 
J 

549-4111 ) 

O 
M 
M f f i ! 
K E T I N G ^ M B f r SERV ICE 

1421o FLYING “ W” TRAIL 

3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 garage, 

 high on a hill with fantastic view 

 of the city. Fireplace, mony trees, 

 large lot Must see to appreciate 

653-435o 

Ve a n ieOw ens 

Co. - REALTORS 

Walzem Rd.Ofc. 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

YOU PROVIDE THE FAMILY 
W e p ro v id e e v e r y th in g else, in this 4 b e d ro o m hom e A m p le plot, 
2 c a r g ara g e , a nd e v e ry th in g you w a n t and need fo r *24,ooo 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S A ustin H w y Ole 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

5 4 3 BEDROOMS! 
3 4 BATHS! 

Wk INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 m o d e ls open d o ily , s p a c io u s , g ra c io u s liv in g , o rg in ia l designs, w ill tra de . O ut V ance Ja ckson , I m ile fro m 41o 
MIKE 
KINDER 

696-833o 
BLDR. 

B E H IN D 
N O R T H S ID E 
F E D M A R T - 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 'i b a th s , b e a u tifu l e n c lo s e d p a tio w ith fo u n ta in , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. 
V A -F H A te rm s . 
696-742oW AYNE S L A T E R 349-9278 
B IG 'N B E A U T IF U L 
4-2’ 2-2. B ig c o u n try kite h e n -d e n . 
P L U S 2nd f a m ily ro o m . 17x18 m a s te r b d rm , B IG dress, w a lk -in . 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
B O U G H T A N O T H E R H O U S E , 
M u st Sell, m a k e a p p t, to see this 
B e a u tifu l 3-2-2, w ith la rg e m a s te r, u tility and p riv a c y fen ce . M a ke o tte r on e q u ity and assum e 7>*“ o 
VA o r *34,9oo 681 o993 

REAVIS REALTY CO 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

 oom w ith pool tab le , new c a rp e t 

 f T s"n,n 
I * ** n h en"be m g ' room ',' ex ce'ot lo no ll y i nu Pu n ,t e h o m e 
A s s u m e m o n th ly , 
„■■■. iHfL l i l t p aym en ts of 
*199 
P ric e d a t 
JUST L i s f I D ! 3 B ed ro om , 2 b ath som e 6>3 BBi/ 
| ^ 9 ^ 
— — 

B y o w n e r, O lm o s P a rk . A la m o 1 
G E N E W ILSO N 
H eights schools, 4 o r 5 bed ro om s, [656 3441 
R E A LT O R 
M LS 
2 'j baths, se pa ra te d in in g ro o m , b re a k fa s t room , den, liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e , q u a rte rs w ith bath. double detached garage, 5*8,5oo 
By o p p ’t 826 3o21________________ 
By O w ner H a ndstand H ills 3 2 I, c e n tra l a ir, heat. La open liv in g a re a w ith c a th e d r a l c e ilin g s co vered patio, fenced y a rd 
6*3 8743 

By ow ner. San P ed ro H ills, 4 7 2, im m a c u la te , cut de sac, 77oo sa It 
**7.ooo 494 295o 

 n C A M E L O T . G re a t a re a to r the vounq fa m ily Close to e le m e n ta ry school A ssum e a low e q u ity loon at 7 » « V 494 7651 A N Y T IM E 

NORTHRIDGE PARK 
This c h a rm in g 7 b ed ro om and den hom e h as c e n tra l h e a t a nd a ir . lo vely tre e d lot, and a green ho u se to r the p la n ts 
E n th u s ia s tic , o nly 
*32.5oo 
826 o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822 9327 
SUE W E E M S «. ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 
ROSOW & KLINE vrv rVm m 
T s r a S fE ;.: 
KEY GROUP 

SY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to o th e r hom es 
F or Sale B y O w n er 
342 939] 
Son A n to n io H o m e ow ne rs Assoc 
B y O w n e r, 2 s to r y 3 -2 '/ 2. in 
C am elot ti. liv in g coom w ith fir e ­ place, den w ith w et b a r. a ll etec 
In c k itc h e n w ith b re a k fa s t a re a 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s la rg e u p s ta irs m a s te r s u ite . C o rn e r lo t w ith p riv a c y fen ce 
A s s u m p tio n w ith e quity o r re fin a n c e 654 o776 No ooents 
BV O W N E R T e r r e ll H ills ~ M u s t 
S e ll b e fo re M a r c h I s l 
*4 oo o u n d e r a p p ra is a l **2 .o o o I b e ­ droom , 7 b ath , p ius 7oo sa ti. un- finished storage 824-o666______ 

BY OWNEr' w INOCREST 
Being tra n s fe rre d , m u st sell, la st chance lo save re a lto rs c o m m is s io n 4 b e d ro o m , la r g e fa m ily room w ith c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , tire o lo c c , r e a r p o lio v ie w s H ill 
C o u n try 
59o7 W in d in g R id g e , 
*81 9oo N o a g e n ts . By a p p o in t m en! 6*3 7271 

 s 7 1 ) w n e r , 3 y rs old- 7‘ r “ . v » , 
3 c l , '.m a s o n ry p re p u c e , I I iv mg area, p riv a c y fence, w a lk up a ttic. *37 OOO, 656 2o98__________ _ 

CALL ME LONELY 
A nd re o d y to r a h a p p y fo m ily . w ell ke pi J b edroom , 7 both, 23x14 fa m ily roam , la rg e d in in g ro o m , a ll k itc h e n a p p lia n c e s 
C u s to m shades low e qu ity *39,5oo 
658 353$ A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R * R o ndolph Ole 

C A LL 
NO R TH LOOP I N C , R E A L T O R * to r any re a l estate need 
_____________ 828 *636 
C A M E L O T ll NO DOW N~ to A nyone! F ire p la c e in s m a lt liv in g o re o, o ir. c a rp e t, *292 m o n th ly, a pp lia n ces, fe n c e d ' 
344 5564 H o r! M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 
J I I , c e n t r a l h e a t o ir t7 2 * m o v e in . *2 *o m o n th 6 7* 1691. 
*23 *72o. 674 1777 
P O IN T E R r e a l E *T A T E 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y 3 2 2 
F u lly ca rp ete d, b u ilt m s, N E 
Schools 
*1 OOO e quity. *283 m o C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o75* III 8 pm 
CON V I N I E N T TO R A N D O L P H 
Spanish c o n te m p o ra ry 4 7 I. to r m a l d in in g ro o m , s u n e n liv in g room a rtis t s lo ft 7o ■ JO fa m ily room fire p la c e hoot a ir ond ap p h o n ie s A ssum e ar re fin a n c e 
W ill tro d e on s m a lle r hom e 
BOB O vPA O LO 
344 1o91________________R E A L TOR 

CONVERSE 
3 bed ro om , I clu b b ath , c e n tra l a ir heat 
344-4268 
341 6*64 
684 *768 

F E A T U R E D HO M E 
T h is g r e a t J b e d o o m h o m e a v a ila b le q u ic k ly 2 baths, c e n tra l a ir and h e a t, fen ce d p a tio , a n d fe n c e d b a c k y a r d f o r t o t a l p r iv a c y , a n d p ric e d u n b e lie v a 
Ply I Low 7o s N iles 6*3 *7o7 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 653 4187 A n y tim e 
F IR E P L A C E 3 2 2 E Q U IT Y im m e d ia te m o ve tn ! T o ta l cost u nder *16oo. b u t h u r ry ! Fence, a ir a p p lia n ce s in C a m e lo t ll 
344 5544 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 2993 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 

PINK BRICK 
S p lit le v e l h o m e . F ir e p la c e s in 
' both liv in g ro o m a nd fa m ily ro a m , 
!7 b e d ro o m s a n d la rg e c o v e re d sun p o rc h on I le v e l 
1 b e d ro o m and s ittin g ro o m on lo w e r le v e l 
A la m o 
H gts. 
Schools 
*38.5oo 
824 4571 

JOST LISTED 
M e ticu lou s 3 b e d ro o m . J b ath and den hom e w ith a ttra c tiv e w indow tre a tm e n t B e a u tifu l la nd sca ping , ond close lo sh op ping , g olf, ten n is and clu b Ju st *41,9oo 
I C all 349 1436 A n y tim e 

I BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C . R E A L T O R S 
L A R G E 4 B E D R O O M 

/.REALTORS 

 r a f f i a 
■ 
F IR S T T IM I 

RIDGEVIEW 
O w n e r w ill s e ll th is v e ry n ic e 3 b e d r o o m h o m e V A o r F H A 
P a n e le d d en 
N e a r c le m sch o o l a n d N o rth S ta r M a ll 
341-72o1, m te s 732 7 *4* 
R E A L T O R S . A sk fo r H E L E N LO P E Z 
JOHKI FLOURNOY IWC 

 f i r St t IAa e o n m a r k e t 

• OFF NACOGDOCHES RD • a nd lu s t n o rth ot Loop 41o Com 
B la te ly re d e c o ra te d in te r io r o n d e x t e r i o r 
3 7 2, d e n 
E le c t r ic th ru o u t L f HO X JOO * o coneen 
I tent *51.5oo 824 2347 

W a lk in g d is ta n c e to a ll 3 sch oo l le v e ls 4 7 7, p lu s o f f ic e * lo t s of fo rm a l and in fo rm a l liv in g a re a 
P r iv a c y fe n c e , c o v e r e d p a tio 
W afer so ttn er, and tre e shadded y a rd M id *4o'%. Is th is to r you? 
6*4 7717 
Century 21 
Jom es G la scock K Assoc 
L a rg e b rid e , i - J - i , ' IO m o o ld 
M a n y e x tra s , lo w e q u ity . A ssum e 
S364 656 oo2o. o w ne r______________ 

UKE COUNTRY LIVING 

 j C h a rm in g S p a m sh 'd esig n in th is 3 bed ro om , 2 b a th hom e* F ire p la c e m den, e le g a n t new flo o r c o v e r­ ings in den 
Too n ea t for w o rd s 
*37,95o 
B e ry l Weazand 344 2341, 
342 6454 
BOB J O N E *. R E A L T O R * 

KEY GROUP 

UVE OAK VILLAGE 
1273* S A N D P IP E R lik e n e w , l l 2, la r g e f a m ily ro o m , f i r eelace, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s, fenced y a rd , c o v e re d p a tio O w n e r aux io u* E q u ity and ossum e 7% loan 
* f t f l 
* uitu uvsgine luun 
Thelmai B. Preissman niblock r u it y ess is ?3 

CBNNALLY 

B E A L E S T A T E IN C 
C O N V E R S E 4 2 I *19.5oo 
C o rn er. L iv in g , d in in g , cent heal 
L ik e new *6oo F H A . no dow n VA 
828-4*4* 
P riQ kos R iff 
6*4o97* 

COUNTRY CLUB 
B e a u tifu l 3 -12 a c ro s s tra m g a it course, a p p ro x I peres, fire p la c e , wet b a r, la rg e fa m ily ro o m o nd 
■ow taxe s C om al Ce SOO OOO 
Van Buren A Assoc 
684 7171 
43J 1247 
699 oo44 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G w ith c ity con ve nren ce' C ustom b u ilt hom e has oool, p a tio o nd c a b a n a ta i in a i liv in g , d in in g ro a m s lo rn tty ro o m 
"tw a e n a s w ith fire p la c e , g a m e ro o m w ith w et b a r* 4 b e d ro o m s, Vt b a th s 
T o ta lly c a rp e te d ' On a p p ro x at a n a c r e 
( T R E E S ! ) 
* 9 9 ,* o o 
R E A L T O R * 
4*3 7 341 

FO R F A S T title s e rv ic e w ith no u n n e c e s s a ry d e la y le t A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO h an dle the 
O eal 
227 o231, 
F 6 < i S A L E B Y O W N E R , in San 
P e d ro H ills , 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th . c o v e r e d p a tio , S p a n is h s ty le , ib ric k . la rg e oak tre e s, sh ag ca r a e t t h r o u g h o u t , m u s t s e ll a t 
; / J* * .F H A , *49,9oo o r B est o tte r! 
494 7478 
! ' 6 r S a l e A y o w n e r ' i OOO 
O a ks a re a . 494 *644 w k d y s a ft 
6pm a ll d a y w kn d s f o x r u n WSR T h e a v ? -------- 
I a n d 4 b e d ro o m hom es 
*45,ooo lo **1,9oo 
V A F H A No c ity lo x e s 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E * 
144 1624 
654 o44o d ardc-n K itc h e n , I b e d ro o m lu ll c o rb e t, c o m e r tat. fe n ce d yd 
*19 too 
ROSSI R E A L T Y __________494 lf6 1 

GIGANTIC BACK VARO! 
A n d th e h o m e c o m e s w ith it ! 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m in W o o d la k e w ith m a n y e x tra s 
P ric e d b elo w m a rk e t to r q u ick sole 

8 28-4391 A n y tim e 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R e p lie r N E Lee# ate 
GOOD ASSUMPTION 
4 B e d ro o m s , 7 b a th s , c e n t h e o t and a ir G as ra n g e , d is h w a s h e r, d is p o s a l 
*2 1 .8 8 8 
181 *2 1 2 
Any tim e O LS IG 6T E A L . 
R E A L T O R * 
I T O IT E D p o o f * 3 2 7— o m it . 
2o' liv in g ro o m , p riv a c y la nce 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 

HELP MUST SELL 
C a m e lo t I, la rg e 3 2 7 c o re r ^ao flo o r p la n 
E q u ity a s s u m e *258 m o o w ner 653 4555 o r 333 x i i i 
H ouse to r sole b y o w n e r. 4 -f-f, m assive ro c k in spinet- in fa m ily ro o m , e x tr a la rg e liv in g r o o m c a rp e tin g th ro u g h o u t N E School d is tric t, assum e or re fin a n c e No 
A gents P lease COH a tte r 5pm and 
4*6 782t 

OF F SAN P E D R O 
4 bed ro om , 2 b oth , den, fire p la c e . p lu s h c a rp e t, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g m ic r o w o v e o v e n , e le c t o r k it chun, b ig lo t 349 65o3. 826 69o3 

Martha WoiMev Realtors 
OLD FARM ll 
D a r lin g I b e d r o o m . 2 b o th , 
D E C O R A TO R F L A IR ! L a rg e den w ith v a u lte d c e ilin g , in te r c o m , d ra p e s , c o v e r e d p a tio 
R O C K 
G A R D E N * ' *35.5oo 69o 98o2 

GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
O LO F A R M I Spanish Style 3 2 2 
C o vered scre e n e d p a tio , w o ll to w o ll, c e n tr a l a ir , in te r c o m , on lim ite d access s tre e t B y O w n er 
*37,5oo A ssum e *131 m o 455 8842 
O lym p ia , }-2 1 , den, fire p la c e , lu i- iv c a rp e te d , E q u ity a nd assum e 
I a r r e f in a n c e , im m e d ia te o c - 
I cupuncy 458 7878 or 658 7759 
O N LY *25oo dow n, 3 2-1, p a y m e n t 
*196 
7?**o c a rry V A loan R ange, re trig , c e n tra l h eat a nd a ir, fir e ­ place *23,5oo 
R A N D O L P H R E A L T Y 658 53o1 

ONIY TWO BEDROOMS? l l th a t s a ll you need, you w ill lik e th is ' T h e re a re o ls o tw o b a th s , ; fo rm a l d in in g , co ve re d p atio and a fenced y a rd w ith P ecan tre e s 
C onvenient to shopping and a bus lin e 
*32.5oo 
342 4177. m tes, 
824 1954 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

OPEN IERMS 
On th is 3-2, f u lly c a rp e te d , a ll e le c tr ic k itc h e n , fe n c e d y a r d 
M o n y n ic e tre e s P ric e d ta sell a t j *27,SOO C a ll to r a ppt 
G E N E W ILSO N 
6*6 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L * 

 kitch e n . Th is hom e is the S U P ER b u y ! 
349 4343 o r 349 353* A n y tim e 

Beanie Bwens Co 
RE A LTO R S B lo nco Rd Ole 

RIDGEVIEW 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b o th , k itc h e n , den c o m b in o tio n w ith fire p la c e Good a ssum ptio n 342 7o9o, 828 *671. 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 

546 S A N D A L W O O D 
3 b e d ro om . I b oth E x c e lle n t co n ­ d itio n W a lt to w o ll c a rp e t P an elrna and w a llp a p e r. 
*18,ooo 
J4I 6136 
SPECIA REALTORS 

SAN P E D R O H IL L S ' icf'sl L isted 
L iv in g d in in g c o m b in a tio n a n d p a n e lle d fa m ily ro o m w ith tir e place N e at and C lean 3 B ed ro om , 
2 b a th s 
Im m e d ia te p o sse ssio n 
*46.5oo 824 O lJt A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW 8 KLINE 
R E A LT O R S SO Y e a rs o f TR U ST 

Open te rm s 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
341 7115______________ R E A L T O R S j T R E E S ' B E A U T I F U L " L a rg e fenced c o rn e r, lo rg e cu sto m rock 
I 3-2-2 d en , m o n y in te r e s tin g tea 
I ta re s you m u s t see 824 45o7 
REBUA REALTY CB 

UNBELIEVABLE 
T his 4 b ed ro om hom e on a la rg e c o rn e r lot in Son P ed ro H ills , has on e x c e lle n t a re o to s to re y o u r boat or tra ile r, B u t the u n b e lie va ble p a rt is the q u a lity c o n s tru e lion, cu sto m d ra p e rie s , la n d sca p mg, and p ric e d in the low , low 
I SO S 
349-3535 o r 349-51 t i , a n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
RE A LTO R S L o c k h tll S elm a Ole 
U N L E A S H Y O U R I M A G I N A 
H O N ' This b e a u tifu l hom e, on a w o o d s y lo t w ith m a n y b r ic k w alks, needs a lo v in g to u c h ! F o r­ m a l liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m s - 
. fa m ily ro o m w ith w e t b o r, 3 b e d ro o m s . 3 b a th s a nd a g a m e room (o r 4th b e d ro o m ) 
S hu tte rs 

59o7 B R E N D A L A N E 
O AK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
Reduced For Quick Sale 
! D u e to t r a n s f e r , a m u s t to 
• s e ll—-T h is b e a u tifu l 3-2-2 h o m e 
I C a rp e te d a n d a ir c o n d itio n in g 
I Fenced. O nly *32,oo3 
Vernon Schuchardt 
I 6841°8S 
Reg! E sta te 
684 o489 

BRICKS'N’ BEAMS 

'N’ FAMILY DREAMS 
I M e d ie v a l c u s to m -b u ilt w ith foun 
| to m e n try . F o rm a l liv in g , fo rm a l d in in g a n d la rg e b e a m e d fire - 
1 Placed den. L a rg e riv o te m o ste r i w ith fire p la c e . L a rg e d re s s in g 
I a re a and b ath *62,ooo i SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
B R IG H T AS A N E W P E N N Y 
In a lo v e ly n e ig h b o rh o o d ! T h is 
I c h a rm in g 4 b e d ro om . 2 b ath b ric k i h o m e is w e ll la n d s c a p e d a n d 
I p riv a c y fenced Sunshine k itc h e n 
I hos la rg e b ay e atin g a re a . D elu xe 
! fe a tu re s th ru -o u t 
REB CARPET 
342 I I H 
R E A L T O R S 
147.1111 
341 l i l t 
R E A LT O R S 
492 7762 

/ 
\ 
~f 
* \ ... . 

' 
( J Iu J U x 
' (Hamer 
TITLE 

F o r Fast A ccurate T itle 

Service 

5 (Io u venient Locations 

• lo ? I,. T H \ \ I s 
• 
-’ ( . O I IM T . \ S \ N I O N U M . 

» l o o : N T I ( M U ' H O • 7 2 o o I I I W 
< O H O M ) 

• I T I ' ) I H K D K K M K S M I U , K O M ) 

S e r v in g S a n . I r t / o i t t o S itte r 1*122 

A A A A D E A L . 4 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , a p p lia n c e s . O ff B a n d e ra 
Rd No D ow n, *77* clo sin g 
696-742oW AYNE S L A T E R 344 o936 

A BARGAIN 
E asy a s s u m p tio n on th is 3-2-2 in 
F o re s t H ills . N o rth s id e sch oo ls, b u ilt-in k itc h e n , 13oo sq ft. Jo hn 
G ra y . 696 533o 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
A C C E N T U A T E T H E P O S IT IV E ! 
L ik e the la rg e o aks, lu s h la n d s ­ c a p in g . S te p u p to k in g s iz e d m a s te r s u ite . 2 m o re n ic e b e ­ d ro om s w ith d elu xe b ath s. F a m ily ro o m hos fire p la c e , fo rm a l d in in g o r fo rm a l liv in g ro o m 
C h u rc h ill 
D ist. 

RED CARPET 

EX-CEPTIONAL 
BUY! 

Almost 
18oo sq ft in this 
3 bedroom, 2 both, fireplace, double 

 garage with door opener; ap­ pliances. Immediate possession, (all 

 today to see1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS , 
V 349-6211 

C H U R C H IL L E S T A T E S , '( H i m ile s N o r th o f C h u r c h ill H i) 
O w ner tra n s fe rre d . S b ed ro om s. 
2' i baths, liv in g , d in in g , den w ith fire p la c e , s p ira l s ta irw a y , d a r k ­ room , storag e b u ild in g . 26oo sq. It. liv in g a re a . In s u la te d w in d o w s . 
U p p e r 
7 o ’ s. 
143o7 
C ita tio n . 
492-2868 fo r a ppt._________________ 

$1 MOVE IN VA 
S% DOWN CoKVINT1oNAI 
NO PAYMENT TNI APML 77 
3 and 4 bedroom plans $34,95o 
'to $43,95o All homes feature energy saving pocknge, central heat ow, torpet and hondcraf ted woodburmng fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef all electric 
.kitchen, ond 2 cor garages 

6 FUtNISHID MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

\Vi AC HUGE OAKS 
1*oo sa It ro c k hom e, a ll e le c tric 
F ire p la c e , d o g ru n , 2-cor, nice 
828 o665 
736 1766 
734-4117 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
A C O U N TR Y H A L F A C R E w ith a p re tty , ro c k h om e o n d lo rg e , s h a d y o a k s ! 
C o m p le te ly c a r p e te d 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e w ith liv in g ro o m p lus tire - olaced fa m ily room 
S54.ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4111 
SAN PEDRO HILLS 
I OO*® b ric k , t r i le v e l h om e w ith g a lo re ' A la m o H eights m a n y e x tra s 
F o rm a l liv in g o nd j *7o,4oo 
R E A LT O R S d in in g . 24x14 liv in g a re a w ith tire p ta c e . m o rn in g ro o m , lo rg e m a s te r b e d ro o m 
P r e tty y a rd w ith n a tiv e trees. C a ll tod a y. 
658-353$ Anytime 

824-9631 Guy Chipman Co 
Guy Chipman Co L u re .* W B * . 
* 
T w b ed ro om , 2 b oth , fire p la c e d fame 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -R on do ip h Ole 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G 
C h e c k th e s e s t a t is t ic s 
4 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , d en w ith f ir e ­ place, co v e re d p atio , on huae lo 
• (r o o m t o r te n n is c o u r ts ) , a ir c o n d itio n in g , g a ra g e w ith e le c tric eve d oo r, o il th is lo t u nd er 
*6o.ooo 
826 o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
826 6497 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 

V A C A N T ! 
Im m a c u la t e 3 b i dro om , 2 b a th hom e in V A L L E Y 
; FO R G E F o rm a l d in in g a nd la rg e 
; liv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e . P re tty c u l-d e - s a c lo t w it h lo a d s o f 
I p riv a c y . 
*4o.9oo 
494 76*1 
A N Y T IM E . 

R E A l TORS-SO Y e a r* of T R U S T l 
W A T K T 5 ' V H 6 6 L '4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a th h o m e is c lo s e to A la m o 
H e ig h ts sch oo ls , has liv in g , d in ­ ing ond fa m ily ro o m s m o re ! 
*39.ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
o74-96)3 
KtY CHOUP 
Guy Clyman Co 

Q I U o n i o n U M I ? w h i t e 8 r i c k c o n t k m p o r 

MacARIHUR PARK 
By O w ner. 3 2-2. o il b ric k , c o rn e r lo t. p r iv e t y fe n c e W ill fin a n c e 
*41,4oo 711 *7*6. 

MARRY MINUfO? id ea l hom e to r n ew lyw ed s E x tra c le a n , I b e d ro o m , 2 b a in , liv in g and d in in g ro o m , double g a l age, drapes in te rc o m p riv a c y fenced, low, low e qu ity N iles OSS 7492 
Century 21 
M O NE YSAVE RS R E A L T Y 
656 141o A N Y T IM E 
M A R Y M O N T ' B e a u tifu l to w n h o u s e . I b e d ro o m s . 7 lu x u r y b a th s , liv in g r o o m I t ' X I * , s p a c io u s c o u n try k itc h e n w ith vie w of e n c lo s e d p o lio 
*54,9oo 
COH 824 o121 A N Y T IM E 

Guy Chipman Co 

HOUSE SNATCHED 
O ld e sta b lish ed a re a ( F a n fie ld ) I b e d ro o m , I b a th a l *27,5oo Cen v e n ie n t lo c a tio n m a k e s I t ll* a good buy 
874 7)91 (A n y tim e ) 

 e l o o C W 
T T l R i r 
O F F E R IN G 
S pacious c h a rm in g 
;7J». b r ic k 3-2-7, H y in g , d in in g , b o n d e d fo m ily , b o ta s ! a re d . tre e 
{S tudded fe n c e d y a rd 
C lo s e b y 
A la m o H gts S te m IJS 544 
82o 4545 
P u a k o * R lty 

Beanie Gwens Cn 
R E A L T O R S A u s tin H w y QU 

(MMEDiAIE MOVE IN 
C h a rm in g 3 2 7 rn N E o re o L l* 
■ t M 
# ) ) l ! n i o n d f a m ily ro o m 
H a s Ir e 

 c U i T a M i u r i T - i T 
: I i *>oVy 
• f i r s ? , * 
‘h o b b y s h o p , c a r p e r + te r r a z e 
*42.9oo Coft 
IN T E R S T A T E o2o o 7** til I p m 

ISH MOkxete t o CAU 
IS 225- ie e e 
I x e e l* * ANO M W * 

 g a r a g e d o o r , h ic # e a r n e r lot, s e llin g far *36,*oo 
349 4 34) or 349 )*)* Anytime 

Beanie Owens Cu 
REALTORS Bianco Rd Ok 

MIAOOW WOOD NORTH v aeon! 
4 b e d ro o m ■ I liv in g a re o fire p la c e a lm o s t n ew - c o rn e r lot fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O L* 
E osy a ssu m p tio n low e qu ity • I * . loan 
*9o 936o 
342 4246 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 

MONTE VISTA 
S tately, all b ric k , 2 s to ry nam e in d e s ira b le h is to ric a re a A p p ro x 
45oo sa lf , s w im m in g poet, m a n y fine d eta ils 824 o284, R E A LT O R S . 

STEVE I. FINCH 
ANNIE VISTA H 
Splashes of ca lo r m a ke each ro o m com e a liv e in th is unu sua l M e d il to r coneen stucco 3 o r 4, I a ir 

CAROLYN BRAHAM 
R E A LT O R 824 8473 A n y tim e 
NEAib r f "S A M BANK 
M ust sell I b e d ro om , la rg e liv in g , d ining, k i'c n e n 
E x c e lle n t for du piex C oil now 
349 14/9 
H e ctor J H e rb e ck Inc 
R e c ita l* 
• n r e x r jM e A h V k U R T n — 
I B edroom s, 2 b a th * donate o a r­ a g e , c e n tr a l h e a l a ir p r iv a c y fence N ice oak tre e New c a rp e l and p a in t L ik e new A ll fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 
C a ll 
C o lle c t 
*12 4)1 717o. Joe Kohutefc 

 w n r w w m p m m a l l 
Spic n Span 2 o r J b e d ro o m , fu lly c a rp e te d , a ll m o to r a p p lia n c e s 
A ssum e *1)7 p er m o 7% VA loan 
349 1479 
H e c to r J H e rb e c k t m , R e a lto rs 

New, o il B ric k J 2-2, 4 ro o m * e ar* peted. fire p la c e , la n d s c a p e d , im - m ea tole o cc u p a n c y H O M ta u tly , assum e note 654 44*1_____________ 

I x e e l ss a n d N I VU* 

KEY GROUP 
P A R K i ii K F V I F W 
L ook a t th is 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th ro c k and c e d a r hom e on a p a rk lik e lot N ew c o rb e t, k itc h e n and ro o t 2 b u ilt in d esks o n d b re a k to s t b a r 
P ric e d a l *33,45o w ith open te rm s 
454 1234 

REB CARPET 
^ A R K V IL L A G E *15 3oo 
S uper n e w ly w e d th re e b e d ro o m special *5oo F H A , no dow n VA 
828 4545 
P ria k o s R lty 
654 o975 
P A Y M E N T S U N D fcR *15o m 6 
O N L Y 3 V E A R * Y O U N G 
3 be d ro o m . P i baths, a ll k itc h e n aa p l'o n c e s , c e n tra l h e a t a ir E ven m g*, c a ll S aving *56 2563 
3 B E D R O O M * O N A C O R N E R 
LO T 
F re s h ly d e c o ra te d and alt o ap lio n ces in clu de d in this low p ric e 
J B E D R O O M S C O N V E N IE N T TO i F T 
S A M H O U S T O N 
A n id e a l hom e to r the yo un g to m ii y 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L l r 653 o55o 
P l N ? H g b * 6 t t b o t L A R S ' j J u st on m a rk e t S p a c io u s 4 be d ro o m h o m e in o n a ff o r d a b le p ric e ra n ge N ice y a rd , and B IG tre es M in u te s fro m F t Som and shopping M id 2o * N iles 653 7487 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 4*3 4182 A n y tim e 
F l u s h C A R P E T IN G , fire p la c e ond c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , co m b in e lo m a k e a g re a t liv in g a re a l 3 be dro om . 7 b o th hom e is lik e n e w ! 
*37,1*o 
R E A L T O R * 
4*3 7 341 

? Guy Chipman Go 

PRICE REDDCEO 
B ea u tifu l 1 b e d ro o m hom e in E ast 
T e r r e ll M ills , c e n tr a l h e a t-a ir, fre s h ly p a in te d , o w n e r a n x io u s 
W ill lease w ith option to buy 
*24.9oo 
C O M P A S * R E A L T Y 
494 IM I 494 JO'2 
— 
S tJ t fW E o s iE » | 6 K ----------- 

O W N E R A N X I O U S 
To sell this v e ry lo vely 3 b ed ro om n om e in C h u r c h ill H ig h S cho o l diet L iv in g ane se pa ra te d ining, s p a c io u s d e n , fir e p la c e , la rg e land sca pe d y a rd L ik e new condi lio n 
341 72o1, n ile * 342 o829 
R E A LT O R S 
Ask to r V IR G IN IA 
N IE N D O R F * 

JOHN FLOURNOY IMC 

SAN P E O R O H IL L * Ne D ow n to A n y o n e ' S pacious 4-2-2, den, s e p a ra te liv in g , d in in g , u tility ro o m s, d e s ire d e x tra s . *49 SOO 
344 5 564 H a rt M c C o rm ic k 344 299) 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
C o u rty a rd e n try ta k e s you in to this b e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m . 2 b oth 
L a rg e liv in g a re a , fire p la c e , fo r ­ m a l d in in g o nd a c o v e re d p atio in the p riv a c y k n e e d y a rd *57,5oo 
342 4177. m tes, 344-5373 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

S A N P E D R O M I L L S 
S pa n ish B e a u ty , 3-2-2, w ith s u n ­ ken O NE L IV IN G A R E A . m a ssive fire p la c e , fo r m a l d in in g 
B u ilt- m s! S w im C lub A v a ila b le *46.ooo. 
*9o 98o2 

GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

SAVE $2,DOO 
B uy b efo re we lis t w ith a re a lto r, lo rg e 3-2-2, betw een F t Sam and 
R andolph 
L ow e q u ity now , 
1661 2oB9. 

SCHOOL CONTEMPORARY’ 
H uge liv in g a re a , h ig h c e ilin g s , fir e p la c e g ig a n tic g a rd e n k it th e n M e x ic a n tile , cu sto m cobin e ls M e x ic a n tile ro o f. b e a u tifu l a re a L ow 7o s 

LANDMARK. RIAL TORS e9o TSOI 

A R Y T h ere is ro o m to r E v e ry o n e in this 3 b e d ro o m , 3' i b a th hom e 
One la rg e liv in g a re a w ith w et b a r plus double fire p la c e b etw e en den a n d d in in g ro a m 
B ig c h e e rfu l k itc h e n has b re a k fa s t a re a o v e r­ lo oking lo v e ly y a rd L a rg e gam e ro o m a bo ve g a ra g e L o c a te d in b e a u t if u l a re a o f h o m e s w ith s w im m in g pool. ten n is c o u rts and clubhouse a v a ila b le . 
494-74*1 
A N Y T IM E . 

R E A LT O R S SO Y e a rs o T TR U S I w iT T Hl'fc E T E R R A C E 
(Mean 
3-1-1 w ith 2 liv in g areas, new ro o t a nd p ain t, c ity bus ' i b lk , e x tro s a nd p ric e d to sell. 
34 1 4484. 
R E A LT O R S . 
REB CARPET 

WILSHIRE TERRACE 
N e a r shopping and N E schools. this odor ta b le p a r tia l ro c k 3 be dr oom hom e even hos a fin is h e d pan eled g a ra g e 
In the lo w 3o s 
B E T T E R H U R R Y ! 

828-6391 Anytime 

Beanie Owens Cn 
O EI I EDC- 
R e o lto r-N E Loop o ft 
O i l L l n o 
W ills h ire ie*, t e r r e ll k ills . 4 be 
C a ll a b o u t our G u a ra n te e S e ll broom . 3 bath, patio, 21*o sa ft . 
P lan, w here if we d o n 't sell y o u r hom e, we b u y it. 

See o il o u r o th e r a d s on g o o d hom e b u y s o n d re n ta ls in a ll a reas 

C a ll I N T E R S T A T E 828 o 75 $ 
O pen 7 D a ys T il 8 P M 

C a ll 823 *722 

WINDCREST 
3 b e d ro o m . I b a th w ith d o u b le a tta c h e d g o ra g g . C e n tr a l h e a t o n d a ir , c o v e re d p a tio , fe n c e d y a rd V e ry c o n v e n ie n t la sh op p in g m a ll a n d s c h o o ls 
O n ly i *29.9oo 681-2222. n it* * , 349-6817 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
W I N b t f e ’E U ftp e n K ouse S at 
Sun I 6pm 
B v o w n e r, la r g e 4 -b e d ro o m . 3 
SHOWING OFF! 
A n d w ith g o o d re a s o n — th is 
_________ 
_ b e a u tifu l b ric k 2 b e d ro o m hom e is b ath s, fo rm a l d in in g re o m -liv tn g a m o s t see f a r th e p a r t ic u la r ro o m L a rg e den w ith c a th e d ra l lo o k e r 
H u ge lo t. e x c e lle n t a re o c e ilin g , f ir e p la c e , a p p r o x . nea r M a c A rth u r H igh and p ric e d 
2* ooSq F t 
*84,5oo 
333 *11o or u n d e r **o .o o o 
J u s t lis te d o n d 
6S) 341) won I lo s t' D iv e us a ca lf 

Iv ro o m p lu s fo r m a l liv in g o n d j d in in g . I * m in to M ed C enter. 
-5 4 9 ,o o o - 
R E A L T O R S 
V IC K I L A N E 
1)43 31*4 
N IT E * 828 3491 

Walker J. Baraebev 
A O RE A M TO UP D A T E , COS to m r o c k lin e o ld e r h o m e 
3 -2 -2 -d e n . b e a u t if u l p a r k - lik e 
I c o rn e r, fe a tu re s th a t ta lk to you who kn o w q u a lity 824-45o7. 

REQUA REALTY CB 
ALLENA VILLA G E 
[im m a c u la te ! I L a rg e b e d ro o m s 
N ew ro u t a n d shag c a rn e t th ru out. L o v e ly n eig h b o rh o o d P ric e d a t *19.5oo 
T h is w on t to s t lo n g ' 
Coll 34 1 2222 A n y tim e 
Century 21 
R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R * 
A LM O S T N E W 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b oth hom e hos u nique p a tio gorge ou s 
I stone fire p la c e in huge, open liv - 
I m g a re a ! B ig k itc h e n 1 
*54 9oo 
R E A L T O R * 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

A L O V E I V E N T R Y 
F r e n c h 
, doors a nd a M a n s a rd ro o t set the 
] m ood o f th is b ric k hom e in W in sp o rin g O a k *! F o rm a l liv in g , d in ­ in g room s p lus a pan eled fa m ily 
,ro o m w ith a p re tty tire p ta c e 4 b e d ro o m *, s tu d y a nd sew ing room 
*89.5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 4811 I 
Guy Chipman Co I 

AN E A S Y W A Y T i A U Y i be d ro om s, I 11 b ath s, g a ra g e . O nly 
*25o cost to m o ve in 
S9S 742oW A Y N * S LA T E R 344 o9)4 
A P T B O fT '. ot an a c re . lin e d w ith 
I tre es and an a ll b ric k hom e w ith c a th e d ra l c e ilin g and fire p la c e in th e liv in g o re o ! 3 b e d ro o m s . 2 b o th * . H a iv e s t G o ld k it c h e n b o n a * ro o m 21 x 1 1 1 *5 8.5 oo 
R E A L T O R * 
49* 4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

ARISTOCRATIC a nd g ra c io u s o ld e r 5 b e d ro o m s. I both. hom e, on J a c re s in S havano 
P a r k 
S c e n ic v ie w , q u a r t e r s , s p rin k le r system , fire p la c e , a nd a 
I q u ie t w a y of lite . 
C all 349-1434 A n y tim e 

BASSE-WEI LRACHE R 
IN C . R E A L T O R * 

 a t T B T C T T O F l T r '2 in W hisper m g Oofcs M u st see to a p p re c ia te 
*48,5oo C all 
I N T E R S T A T E 818 o75* til 8 p m 

 b a r g a i n ( ' V i c e d 

B y o w n e r, 3-2-2. a ll b r ic k . HOO sa ti. e v e ry ro o m s p a c io u s , a ll b u ilt- in k itc h e n , d e n 4 o X 1 4 ) 
16X2o w o rk s h o p in r e a r . O pen h o u s e S un, 1o9o6 C e d a r E lm . 
344 1437. No A g e n ts ______________ 
BY O W N E R 
A s s u m e 7Jo, 3 2 2, close to schools, shopping U n de r 
*3o,ooo 684 !99 7 __________________ 

B Y O W N E R 
B a b c o c k N o r th , 
4 7 1, F u lly c a rp e te d , d ish w a sh e r, range, d isposal. C e n tra l h eat a ir, 
*45oo 
E q u ity . 
*251 M o 
Call 
696-4781_________________________ 
B y O w n e r 
B e a u tifu l h o m e , on c o rn e r lo t 3-2-2, fire p la c e , e x c e l­ le n t lo c a tio n 
M a n y e x tr a s 
*43.ooo 681 o584__________________ 

B Y O W N E R . 3 b ed ro om . J both, d o u b le o a ra g e . B ro w n S ta tio n 
W e s t, lo w e q u it y . 
I 484-3IQ*-weekend* o r o ft 6_______ 

B Y O W N E R , Im m e d ia t e o c - 
; c u p a n c v , 4 b e d ro o m s . 3 b a th s , 
*4ooo e q u ity *312m o T w in C reek 
No A gents P lease 681-122o______ 
B y o w n e r, lo v e ly h o m e , 4-2-1, 
| 11*osa It., a c ro s s fro m e le m e n ­ t a r y s c h o o l. T h u n d e rb ird H ills . 
G re a t re p a ir, la rg e fen ce d back- 
! y a r d . id e a l t o r y o u n g f a m ily . 
R e a d y a c c e s s to L o o p 41o a nd 
M e d C e n te r. C a ll S a tu rd a y Sun day, 684 518o Q u a lifie d b u y e rs 
B Y O W N E R . 2-3-1, n e w p a in t, d riv e w a y , se m i fu rn is h e d S'.5,7*o j C harles W a tt* R e a lto r 732 2918__ 
By ow ner. R o llin g R idge A ssum e 
7*. lo on A ll b ric k 3-2-2, co vered put.o. la rg e fa m ily ro o m , cut de- 
SOC, OPP t o nly 6*4-4476_____ 
BY OWNER 
3573 S U G A R M IL L - S h e n o n d o o n beauty w it! ca tch yo ur eye w ith its 
2-story elegance on c o rn e r lo t! 4 la rg e b e d ro o m s . 
, b o th *, fir e 
Place in fa m ily ro o m , ond la rg e w o rk o rc a w ith b u ilt in s in g a r- 
! age 
*53,9oo 
696-7)27. 
342 9393 
[ SHA A gent 
B y o w n e r, T w in C re e k . 7»i V A , low e qu ity, 3 2 2. *34.5oo. 734-2542 

B Y O W N E R 
T w in C re e k . 4 be i droom s. 2 baths, la rg e liv in g a re a 
I w ith fire p la c e *3ooo e q u ity , as 
, sum e loan w ith p a ym e n ts of *314 
684-7*78_________________________ 
I C a lifo rn ia C o n te m p o ra ry 3-2-2, b r ic k g la s s , s in g le liv in g , tir e - 
I place, C h a rte r Q oks. 694 2538 

C A S TLE M IL L S E S T A T E S L ux a ry fa m ily h o m e fe a tu re s 5 be d room s. 3' i baths, se p a ra te liv in g o n d d in in g ro o m s , fa m ily ro o m 
: w ith w e t b o r o n d w o o d b u rn in g tire p ta c e 
C o v e re d p a tio , la rg e b a c k y a rd id eo l fo r g ro w in g to m i- 
> tv 
P re s tig e area in n e S cho o l 
D is tric t. 494 7451 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KUNE 
R E A L T O R * 5o Y eo rs ot TRUST 
C A S TLE H IL L S H A L F ACRE 
D is tin c tiv e , cu sto m b u d ! 3-3-3 o r 4-2-2 w ith huge y o rd ond a a m ei oom o nly **4.9oo, ca ll 
344 5564 M o rt M m ut m ic k 344 799) 

C A S T L E H IL L S . a g re a t la c e t 'on a g re a t hom e* 4 b ed ro om s. I b ath s liv in g , a im n g a n d fa m ily room s and a p a tio o ver 38' to n g ' 
Slot age g a lo re 
*67,5oo 
R E A L T O R * 
494 7771 

828-6I91 Anytime 

Beanie Givens Co 
R e a lto r N E t cop ate 

Somebody wants 

 your noms and we Rave what it takes 

E c o r n e in e, s o le s n iu n > h ip a n d k n o w le d g e 
W o n t y o u r h o m e 
S-O-L D f f f Coft us to d d y ! 
6*8 IS IS A n y tim e 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S R o nd o lp h Qtc 

S T A R T E R H O M E S . NO DO W N 3 and 4 b ed ro om hom es tra m *19o m o 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
694 7781 

I x e e l* * a n d N tw * 

 c J M 
S m 
FAMILY HOME • 
9 
Double a ttra c tio n L o v e ly I sto ry b ric k , 3 7 I, d en! F P I B u ilt in k it c h u n 
P L U S m a tc h e d * ro o m b ric k hom e e n h a n ce d by w a lle d oofios On >4 a c re M o n y e x tra s 
*79,4oo 826 7)47 R e a lto rs 

 r a n g e , a ir . c a r p e t, a n d fenced *37 OOO new V A o r F H A 

BUBBY UECKER ti* ') 6 I 
______________>14189) 
WOODLAKE ASSUME 
S m u ll B o r n *218 on c h a r m in g sJ-1*1-1 
O w n e r t r a n s fe r r e d 
A ll uopis. d ra p e s stay *3,SUO e q u ity or re fin a n c e *26 9*o Won I la s t 
838 4*4* 
P rio k o s R lty 
654 o975 

WOODLAKE 
B e a m fu l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th on 
L a k e G ro v e Spic a nd span a n d p ric e d lo sell *3o,ooo 
824 7)91 (A n y tim e ) 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S A u s tin H w y Ole 

 r o t f ASI et l u l l s 
Pl ACI r o u e W A N I AO 
IN TMI IX PXI ss N t w * 
CAU 2 3* 1666 

Thelma B. Preissman 

B E A U T IF U L C O LO N IE S N O R TH 
4 b e d ro o m , 2' .b o th 
L a rg e den. 
M ust te e to a p p re c ia te ! S t* 74o5 o r 496-7141 
______________ 

3 B ed ro om borne w ith p a n e lin g , b u ilt in ond separate re n ta l house 
O nly *32,3*o R E 
In te rn a tio n a l 
494 21oo days, 32/ 2/77 m igs 

B R IC K 'N C E D A R h o m e w ith ce da r ro o t, has huge m a s te r be d r e a m t 4 b e d ro o m s in a lt , 3 b o th s l L iv in g ro o m p lu s fa m ily roam w ith fire p la c e la it e x tra 
*42,5oo. 
R E A LT O R S 
49« 7771 

CASTLE HILLS 
E le g a n t 2-story m a nsion, a p p ro x . 
7ooo sa ft * b ed ro om s, 4' i baths 
O lu s a a a r t o r s . 3 f ir e p la c e s . 
*299,ooo. C all A nnette 

Van Buren & Assoc 
6o6 7171 
344 IMO 
344 7177 
C astle H ills 
L a rg e 4 B ed ro om s I'.B a th * , plus s e p a ra te g a m e ro o m in a ir s 
H e ate d th e rm a l p ea l a n d m o n y e x tra s *74.5oo B y a p p t Jo A nn 
Spears, B ro k e r O w n er 341 o725 

C H A R T E R O A K S 
TR E E S T R E E S T R E E S 
FIR S T T IM E O F F E R E D , O w ner tra n s fe rre d ,on this 9o-, m a s o n ry 4 b ed ro om h om e L iv in g , se p a ra te d in in g h u g e fa m ily ro o m w ith tire p ta c e P ro fe s s io n a lly la n d * c o o e d y o r d 
L u x u r y a p p o in t ­ m e n t* O nly *59,*i>o R E A L T O R S , 
341 72o1, m tes 492 2947 

CHURCHILL HI 
E N C H A N T E D F O R E S T . 3 -2 '» , s e w in g ro o m . 197o sq t i. , p lu s p o lio , fire p la c e , a b o v e g ro u n d pool L ow 5o * 341-8o52. bv o w n e r 

C.M. FORR CO. ’ 
S pecializing Northside-733-7141 

COLONIES NORTH 
Im m a c u la te , s p a c io u s 2 s to r y 
4 2' i-2. in te rio r re d e c o ra te d , nea r ! 
Meet C o m p le x , U T S A . E le m . school, snooping. 824-4*7’ 

Nelson Cory. REALTORS 

COLONIES NORTH 
C om pletely re d e c o ra te d , in clu d e d a ll new c a rp e t! 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath w ith a b ig c o v e re d p a tio . L o rg e i u tility room , fo rm a l d in in g . G re at lo ca tio n ! *4o.ooo 
681-3222, n ites. i 
696-o616 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A LT O R 

Country Living-City Home 
L ittle d ow n, *329 in c lu d e * taxes 
3-2-2 w h ite b ric k , o w h e r and title 
828-o665 
736-1766 
475-o692 j 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
CO UNT TH E T R E E S in y o u r lo r g e y a r d th a t a d d s p riv a c y to this b ric k 3 b e d ro o m . 2 both hom e S ingle liv in g a re a has t tir e p ta c e . 
C o u n tr y k it c h e n , j co vered p o lio 
REU CARPET 
3413111 
R E A LT O R S 
696 *o77 ! 
D E L U X E C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
O ver I 1 1 acre p lus lo rg e lu x u rio u s 
3-2-2. co m p lete w ith w ro u g h t iro n a n d S a ltillo tile flo o r s 
B e tte r n u rry , this w o n 't la st 
349 1479 
H e ctor J H e rb eck Inc , R e a lto rs 

DON’T BRING MONEY 
B rin g yo ur p a in t b ru s h No down p a y m e n t to a n y o n e 
3-4 B e ­ d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , som e w ith a ir a n d a p p lia n c e s 
P a y m e n ts less thon re n t 
BOB D eP A O LO 
344 3o91_________ 
R E A L T O R 

DO N T M IS S T H IS O N E ! J Be i d ro o m s t o r y b o o k h o m e in p o p u la r N W a re a B onus ro o m 
•deal to r o ffic e o r hobby ro o m , 2 
I liv in g o re o s , c h e e rfu l k itc h e n , 
; P o r k lik e b a c k y a r d . *5 3 ,9 o o . 
| 342 321) A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW t KLINE 
R E A LT O R S 5o Y e o rs of TRUST 
E N JO Y C O U N T R Y E L E G A N C E on 4 78 wooded a cre s w ith in m in utes of M e d ica l C enter B ea u tifu l j ly m a in ta in e d all ro c k hom e b u ilt to lo st fo re v e r! F o rm a l liv in g and d in in g , stud y, su nn y b u ilt in k it c h e n a n d d e lig h t fu l b re a k fa s t o rea AM heated and coaled Rock fir e p la c e s in liv in g re a m o n d m a s te r b e d ro o m 
H u g e g la s s so la riu m E x tra fe a tu re s in clu de sp i in k It re d la w n , life tim e tile root. la rg e S altillo tile p atio , b u rg lo r a la r m s y s te m , 3 b e d ro o m g u e s t h o m e w ith liv in g d in in g a rco . b oth cmd b re a k ta s t b a r Call 
T o d a y t o r n u m e ro u s d e t a ils 
*13o.o6o 494 7451 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW K KLINE 
R E A LT O R S 5o Y e o rs of TRUST 

S3,OOO EQUITY 
F ire p lo c e d single liv in g a re o plus f o r m a l d in in g ro o m , p r iv a c y fence and u tility ro o m A ll to r only fix,SOO 4X4 J uO 
C E N T U R Y l l S chneider R o pily 

SPRING T IM ! 
ON A HILLS!DC ACRI 
This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with double fireplace is a dream come true 
SPLASH!! 
Neat 3 bedroom home with gor geom yord ond an oval 
Vocation of home for $29," ~ 
6 9 9 - 1 o o o 
OEAniEOw m 
CO. •— RIALTO* 
T urd* Creek O f*. 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G ' L o v e ly C on­ do. 3 B edroom s, I c lu b and ' ib o th , c u s to m d ra p e d , p r o fe s s io n a lly landscaped. TO SEE is TO B U Y ! 
COH 824 OIH A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW I KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Y e a rs of TR U ST 
F IR S T O F F E R IN G ! L o v e ly Con­ d o . 3 B e d ro o m s , I c lu b a n d 
'i- b o th , c u s to m d ra p e d , p ro fe s ­ s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d 
TO SEE is 
TO 
B U Y ! 
C a ll 
824 o121 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW t KLINE 
RE A LT O R S -5o Y e o rs a t TRU ST 
F IT FOR A K IN G ! 
N e a r USAA and M e d ic a l C enter, la rg e lu x u ry hom e w ith o v e r 3,ooo sa ft ) ' i baths, huge den. o ffic e 
N ew heated pool T h is hom e h a t it a ll! 
C all today. O w n er le a v in g c ity 
4 STAR S P E C IA L 
E L E G A N T CO NDO O F F V A N C E 
J A C K S O N . 4-2-2, la r g e fa m ily ro o m w ith tire p ta c e O ve r 72oo sa ft a n d i f s lo a d e d ! P ric e d to r q u ick sale at 
SS4.8oo 
H ave s e v e ra l.... 
Century 21 

W hitehead H o lid a y 
684-3711 ______________R E A L T O R S 

FIVE ACRES 
P iu s 4 bed ro om s, 3' i b ath s, and g am e ro a m w ith 3 y e a r ald hom e fire p la c e . C o u n try s ty le k itc h e n and d in in g . 
A p p o in tm e n t o nly 
576,5oo 
C oll 349-1434 A n y tim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. R E A LT O R S 

FOREST GLEN 

$3ooo EQUTY 
F o r th is 3 b e d ro om . 7 b oth hom e, 
L o c a te d in N S I S D . C lo se to sh opping a n d schools, fe a tu rin g g a r d e n k it c h e n , liv i n g ro o m , gam e ro a m , and c e n tra l h ea l end a ir C all today 
o84 433o 344 42o7 Anytimd 

I s to ry a ll m o d e rn 4 b e d ro o m , I b o th . 2 c o r g a ra g e b e o u ty w ith lo a d s a f e x tr a s 
O w n e r t r a n s ­ fe rre d and a nxio u s to sell 
674-1445 

REAL ESTATE MORIO 
FO R E ST O AKS 
N E W ON M A R K E T ! S pa cio us 4 b ed ro om Spanish S plit b e d ro o m plan, e norm ous fire p la c e d den 
*47,ooo 
R E A LT O R 
491 1)oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U O W IG A ASSOC 
F O R S T O A K S , B y o w n e r, im 
' m a cu late 4-2-2. ta r m o i liv in g , din j m g ro o m , fa m ily ro o m w ith tire - 
! Bjoce M a tu re tre es, la rg e lot, lots 
I s to ra g e , im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y 
,s a p p re c ia te 4 *4 3792 
>o4) F o re st M o n t *45,9oo _______ 

I H A R M O N Y M IL LS N E IS O 3-3-1, 
' bv ow ner. 545oo daw n, *39,5oo, w ill 
I n e g o te r m s . S h e w n b y o p a l 
Tues I 5 341 25)6, c a ll ta r O r 
M e rritt a tt >. 227 6331 

„ 
H A R M O N Y H I L L S 
T ree co v e re d c o rn e r. 3 2 2, den, 
o,1 ‘ " 'd o te d , c e n tra l o ir heat, 
139,9oo 
344 4oo1. 
No 
A gents. 
_____________ 

—M E D C E N T E R U TS A — 
A m o u n ta in sid e fo r y o u r b a c k 
Y a r d ! E x q u is ite . ) b e d ro o m ,B l 
_ 
, 
_ 
_ 
L 12 w 
. i * b e d ro o m , 1 
Beanie Bwens Co faSkTwws’sr.rtssaras 
R E A LT O R S b o n d e ig Rd Qtc 

EXQUISITE is the w o rd for th is C astle H ills 4 o e a ro o m . 2 , d e c o ra to r b a th s , liv in g , d in m a . den w ith tire p la 

O v e r lo o k in g th e h ill c o u n tr y 
1 * 1 I* b v a p p o in tm e n t w ith V ic k ie Lane, age nt to r the b u ild e r 
341 3154 
N ile s *3 * 3491 

H I D D E N C R E E K 
T re e d s e ttin g ta r this D E C O R A 

 u ndscaped se ttin g 
N ew cu sto m p ? n » * , V d e n ' w ? th ‘ 7 " V a la c e d rapes IM M A C U L A T E ! 
C o v e re d p a U to ) e n iir tV .m n g i 

 p lu s lo v e ly p e e l in b e a u t if u l tai 

M a rn e H o rto n 344 JJ4I SS) 59)4 
■ BOB JO N E S. R E A LT O R S 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
KEY GROUP 
C H A R T E R O AKS 
2 S TO R Y S P A N IS H , b e a u tifu lly style d w ith e x q u is ite w ro u g h t ira n a c c e n ts 4 b e d ro o m s . Vt b a th s, s e p a ra te liv in g a nd d in in g p lu s fa m ily ro a m 
T re e shaded p a tio 
S43, SOU 
R E A LT O R 
4911)6o 
Guy CMprnan to S H S B IX h 

Extensive Not Expensive 
Spacious 3 b ed ro om g a rd e n hom e w ith open lo ti p e rc h e d atap fire - p la c e d liv in g a re a 
V a u lte d b e ­ d ro o m c e ilin g s , b rig h t sh in y k it ­ chen L aw 46 s 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699 9261 tn t NUMXtR IO CAU 
IS 3 2 5 -1 66 6 
I x nets* AND NI w * 

547,9oo 496 9*42 
GREAT AMERICA 

REALTORS 

HIOOEN CREEK 
The g a ra g e is ta s te fu lly c o n v e rt od to a gam e in th is I b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h em e A p la y h o u s e a nd a green house d eco r ale this fenced back y a rd 
494 3448, A N Y T IM E 

CKI! B U I [S IK H 

o189o926 

•NEWS BONUS A PS 
Sums $ * 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. 
. 
. 
I O b a y 
* 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHANGS 

 i t l . 1 
A A A 
Jm Jm m w m I W 
W w 
QUICK RESULTS! 

21? HOMES WOBTWWEST 

ONLY % I LEFT 

Mum tot this beautiful landscaped, 
I living area, 4 bedrooms, 2 bath home to believe 
Located in prestigious OAK CHRK on extra large wooded lot. 
This home features: wall to wall carpeting, 
Magic Chef all electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric oarage door. handcrafted wood burning fireplace plus mony other extras. 

1615 COPPERFIEID RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Call m e today 
Jim Passel! 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
212 HWKSJffiTHSST 
212 M IK S NflRTHWEST 

H I U L O O K I N G ? 
• New Brick Hom es on Acr­ ea g e 
• B reathtaking Views 
• W ooded Sites for PBIVACf 
• 4 Choice N orth C om m unities 
(Including New Braunfels) 
• lo w la s e s M ake easy Pur­ chase Terms 
17 o o Sa. Ft, 
Go* ag eB3 7, SOO 

Garage; 

 l f living 

3 Cur 

Swarth The^Hom* Market Over 
Swinney Co. 
4 9 2 - 1 6 7 2 
6 58-o29o 
673-14o1 

UNIVERSITY HULS 

Across loop 14o4 from UTSA. OPEN 
EVERYDAY 12 6 P M. New. luxury 
Homes 
For the 
Discriminating 
Buyer . 

79o3 SHADY HOLLOW 
$54,75o 

1541o RED RO BIN 
$56,75o 
North on IN IO, left on 16o4, past 
UTSA, and right on White Fawn to open house arrows. 

DOUGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT H O M ES 
342-7324 

SPECIAL BUY 
ONLY I LEFT! 

•■trw lo ry* weeded let 
3 b ed ro o m , 3 b a th b o rn e in p re stig io u s 
O ak 
C rook. 
F eatu rin g w o o d b u m in g fire ­ p lac e, oil electric k itch en , w a ll-to -w a ll c a rp e tin g , electric g a ra g e d o o r o p e n e r e n d all brick construction. 
Only $48,5oo 
Call today 
OAK CREEK 
684-3112 

SH A V A N O P A R K ! First Offering 
, of this 6 month old beouty that 
I [Offers 4 bedroom s. 3 baths, the one large living area with beamed c e ilin g a n d p re tty fire p la c e . 
Treatment is ideal for family Hy­ ing or entertaining. Better than new with yard in and drapes up. 
$9S,ooo 494-7451 A N Y T IM E 
RpSQW 6 KLINE 
; R E A L T O R S -** Y e a rs of T R U S T 

214 H8USES SOUTHEAST 

J Bedroom home with den. fenced yard, central heat-air. 51o,5oo. 
934-8114, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

ROILING RIDGE 
RRST OTTERING 
Preferred schools 4- community pool to Medical Center oreo * a cinch to please for this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o s Kingsize • 
Peer price Must see 1982 sq ft to oppceciote appraisal in Glen Oaks of $39,ooo 
_ 
699-1ooo 
OtANItOWENS 
CO. - RI AITON 
Turtle Creek Oft. 

M a n n J e ffe rso n A re a , 4-2-2, 
F ra m e house, 529,5oo, Call aft. 
4pm 344-3813 or 341-1849 

 r 
TREES! TREES! TREES! 

Surround and grace this northwest 

 home with 3 bedrooms, 2 beths, 2 cor 

 goroge, lorge filmily room, central 

 heot and air, sprinkler system, ond 

1oTS MORE! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K , b orgain , 
76ooSq Ft., large lot, im m ediate possesion, owner 494-7487._______ 
'IF I W E R E A C A R P E N T E R - 
"...I'd make my home as beautiful as this 2 bedroom, 2 bath home. 
W ith living, d in in g and fam ily room s and extras galore! M an 
■cured to perfection , with patio too! 
532,95o. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

JEFFERSON AREA 
Love ly b rick colonial. W a lkin g distance to Jeff. 3-2 plus extra large den 828-1942. 733-8944 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
824-8473 Anytim e 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
Older 3 bedroom home, carpeted, range, lorge den, Indscoped yard. 
Reduced price. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473-14o1 

JEFFERSON AREA 
‘L o tsa R o o m ' in this big 4 b e ­ droom , 3 bath hom e on la rg e corner lot. Form al living room, separate dining room, den with fireplace. Shown anytime. 
Lillian Woolsev 735-6876 

JUST LISTED 
M rs Clean lives in this gracious 4 bedroom native stone. Lorge for­ m al living, separate dining, den has fireplace, patio o v e rlo o k s park like grounds H urry on this one. Ask tor Pankev 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

M E D I C A L C E N T E R 
F a n ta stic fa m ily a re a ! H u g e family room with fireplace. 3-2-2, large kitchen, breakfast bar. Im ­ maculate! 544,9oo 69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 

N E A R C H U R C H IL L HI 
W alk to all 3 schools from this spacious 4 bedroom, 3 both home 
Large "L "-sh a p e d living dining c o m b in a tio n , e n o rm o u s fire - p lace d fa m ily room . A g re o t family home! 554,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC. 

NEAR MEDICAL CENTER 
Looded with ch arm . One ve ry large living area with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and deluxe wet bar. separate dining, 3 bedrooms. 
341-72o1, nites 342 o829 A sk for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N O O R F F 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
N E A R M E D I C A L C E N T E R — 
Truly a home of distinction, hill­ side seclusion, courtyard entry, ele gan t stru c tu ra l safe ty fe a ­ tures, you must see, brick 3-2-den plan, reduced to low 5o s price, owner leaving. 824-45o7. 
REQUA REALTY CO 

Near UTSA-Medical Center 
2 Story home, ftreploce in living room . 3 la rg e b e d ro o m s, 2 'r baths, wet b a r in den. A ve ry liveable home, nice neighborhood. 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Prestige location — beautiful brick Hi-level, 4 bedrooms, 3 boths, formal living roam, formal dining room, huoe family room with fireplace, Double pone win­ dows Just I year old. Expect qua­ lity ond many unique features. 
Niles, Coll Cooper Hightower 696- 
1427 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 
491-1121 454-552o 341-9141 

SO CONVENIENT! 
To so m a n y p la c e s ; M e d ic a l 
Center, Southwest Research, dir­ ect to 41o, excellent schools. This lovely 3 bedroom brick home in exclusive C h a rte r O a ks bos so m any tine features, let us tell you about them. 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
Spotless all m asonary 3-2-2, den, electric kitchen, carpets, drapes, fenced yard. Under $4o,ooo 
A LSO , 4 bedroom s, study, 2 tile baths, shag carpeting throughout. 
In Sunshine P ark, near W onder­ land. Vacant, $39,4oo 
732-7987STEV E M A R T IN 735-o825 
SO P Eft- b U Y --------------- 
B Y O W N E R , O A K M E A D O W . 
Beautiful, large 2-$tory, 4-2-2, 2 yr. old home. L arge corner. E xtra s 
: galore. Excellent condition. Only 
$63,9oo. 492-2924 i T H E P R IC E IS R IG H T ! Forest 
O a k s E sta te s-L e o n V alle y , all stone, 3-2 2, N e a r M e d C lr., 
I U SAA, Schl., B y owner no agents, 
I 684 8774 
! T H E T m a T T , B V 
3 2-L firepace, cu stom built, custom drapes, carpet, bullt-lns, large panfry, sell cleaning double oven, privacy fence, 496-2672.__________ fH fe S U M M IT ! On a quiet col­ ds sac, lovely 2 story 4 bedroom, 2 bath, large living room, paneled den, built-in kitchen, nicely c a r­ peted. N e a r shopping. $43,9oo. 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E . 

I M 
A M 
! 

BELLAIRE 
Just reduced lovely 3 bedroom , t' j bath with living room, dining room and large fam ily room. Heat and air. FH A , V A term s available 
532-5245 
N ite s, 337-7133 
Deanie Owens Co. 
R E A L T O R 
S Eost Ole 
B E L L A IR E *8i9 Oakbrook 3 be droom s, den, rem odeled inside. 
$25,3oo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
B Y 
U n iq u e S p a n is h 
B rick home, big lot, with pecan trees, separate workshop. 14x25 
No Agents $28,6oo 923-881o t b liN T R Y L IV IN G IN T H E C IT Y 
Home tor large fam ily plus land for a big garden. N ear schools. 
Open terms. 
S A N T E X 
CO., 
R E A L T O R S 
653 o44o 

SIS - MUSES SOtmniEST 
San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday February 27 I 9 7 7 

Custom Ruin Al! Brick 
Beautiful spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 garage all modern home. 
Ail built in kitchen, large fam ily room with fireplace, separate liv­ ing area. 
Assum e low equity. 
674-1445 
REAL ESTATE WORLD 
D e a r e s t new home, brick 3 2-2, fireplace, central heat-alr. Term s avail. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o 
661-3322 

AS IS 
A real bargain far lh* family who con clean ond paint 3 bedrooms, 2 both, double cor goroge with mony built ins. All this house needs is 
IL C Assume I'A -S'/iH FHA at 
$169 mo. $4o,ooo. 
653-435o 

Vt anis Owens 
CO. - REALTOR 
W alzem Rd. Oft, 

Century 21 Reese Henry 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
JU ST R E D U C E D ! 
Harm ony Hills brick and cedar, 
3-2-2. fa m ily room , m a n y E X ­ 
T R A S 
Roberta White, 533-7163, j 
333 8763 
BO B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
JU S T R E D U C E D - 2 fire p la c e s I and a park-like acre lot moke this ' hom e e sp e cially a p p e a lin g tar those who like to "get aw ay from j it oil '. For more Information, call today 494-5221 (A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

 lady lock Has Struck 
3 bedroom, 2 both with new plush c a rp e tin g , c e n tra l h e a t-o ir, fenced backyard. 824,5oo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

L E E H IG H 
C o lo n ia l 3-2, on 9o x 15o Lott 
F ireplaced den. all appliances. 
C A M E R O O M or 4th bedroom. An arbor, too! $35,5oo. 49o-9oo2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
L E E H IG H low low DO W N 
Oft Blanco near Nimitz 3-2-1 
227 Schmeltzer only $184 month 
344 5844 Hart McCor mick 344 2993 
L E E H IG H SCHO O L, older J-J CP, 
$1ooo down, paym ents $19$ 
J A J R E A L T Y 474 88U3 Anytim e 
L E E HI N IM IT Z 
C harm ing hi location. 3-2. separ­ ate livin g-d in in g room , central heot-air. Priced low JO * tor quick sale 824-3231, 824 oo49. 822-5973, 
822 91o3. 826 7314 
Mazie Sale HPI, Realtors 

Realtor 
655-3584 N ite s N ile s 653 7791 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, large dress­ ing area in master bedroom, cen­ tral air and heat. Lots of buiit-ins, covered patio. This all brick home I is rn an excellent location, extra j large lot. Only 535,ooo 
Reese Henry 
Realtor 
655-3584 N ile s nite s, 655-2754 

~ NEW LISTING 
T R E E S ! T R E E S ! T R E E S ! In 
O L D 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
Charm ing 3 bedroom, 3 both stone home. $$1,9oo 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 

NEW ROOF 
: Foot Hiils.-Colonles North Area. 
I 3-2 2, sunken living room, beamed den, lots of storage, huge oak, lo v e ly y a rd , $37,9oo O w n e r. 
I 344-o763 No openly______________ 
NO C IT Y T A X E S ! 
But close to M e d ica l com plex j Cute, clean 3 bedroom, 3 yr old 
: home on neoriy an acre. Assum e 
I paym ents under 
$19o. total 
$24.37$ 
S E N E C A E S T A T E S i N ear stores ond M e d ica l Com j plex 3-2-2, living, den with tire i place, office, all carpeted and lovely. Y a rd full of trees, this choice property only $44,9oo 
W IN D W O O D 
2 ' i A c re s of beauty with eus- 
! tom built 4 bedroom s. 3 baths, 
; huge den. with bar ond fireplace. covered patio, low $7o's. Hove 3 
1 qreat homes in this area of big 
I lots. 

PANORAMIC VIEW 

BY O W N E R 
D istin c tiv e e x e c u tiv e c u sto m b ric k . F re n c h c o n te m p o ra ry townhouse design, terraced rock, double lot (no grass), 27oo sa ft 
4-3-2, sp ira l sta irc ase to enter­ tainment loft overlooking 2o x 24 den, J upper 3o' decks offering panoram ic city view. M a n y lux­ ury features, im m aculate condi hon Babcock Rd and Loop 4)o oreo. 
4142 H IG H S IE R R A 
Reduced $1o,ooo to $82,5oo 
By Opp'!. Owner, 494-223/ 

 r b v P W V IE W fc ? T a Y e " A T - 2 2 , 
7 5 % b ric k hom e w ith d o u b le fireplace dividing the sunken liv­ in g room and p a n e le d fa m ily room . In te rc o m a n d p r iv a c y fenced. 434-2341. 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

TRIPPY TRI LEVEL 
L o c a te d In b e a u tifu l S e n e c a 
Estates on large lot. 3 bedroom s plus hobby room or office. Very unique floorplan. 
Call now, 
684 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 
Twin Creek, i j i, like new, m any e xtra s. M a k e otter on equity. 
681-o372 att 6pm and weekends. 

U N D E R $5o,ooo 
D E L U X E 
N E W 
H O M E S 
A V A I L A B L E , 3 B e d ro o m s, 2 baths, large den with fireploce, 
I sitting room in m aster bedroom. 
M icrow ave oven. 
Large Lot, Large Home 
B e a u tifu l old er hom e in p re s- tigous area. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fre sh ly painted, new carpet, 2 bonus rooms, 
2 dens. 
Below 
55o,ooo 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
E x e c u ti vo -ty p e new h o m e s available, 3 and 4 bedrooms, liv­ ing roam, dining room, and den with fireplaces, 
' > 
Acre, low taxes. 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494-3o13 

DOLLHODSE 
D A R L IN G 2 bed room , in m int condition, close to M c C re le ss. 
Priced low, term s open. 
684-6444 
Nites 484-o135 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A L T O R S ___________ 
M L S 
E A S T S ID E , C o rn e r Lot, n e a r 
Coliseum , redecorated 9o2 C a n ­ ton. 2 bedrooms. I bath, fireplace, doube g a ra g e 514,9oo. N othing down, VA, F H A term s or owner 
Will carry note. B E Y E R R E A L T Y 
923-2o84 
F IR E T H E M A ID ! 
And move into this spotless 3 be­ d ro o m D e llc re st b ric k hom e. 
Central heat-air, has range, d is­ posal, d ra p e s. V A a p p ra ise d , 
521,5oo. M A X I N E H A M M O N D 
533-7163, nites 534-767o 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

LARGE FAMILY’S DELIGHT 
You will love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2Vj both home with fireplace and Its own 78x39 heat­ ed pool Carpeting thruout and fully equipped Kitchen. Open 
Terms. 

SQUEAKY CLEAN 
3 bedroom home in Westwood 
Village. Has central air and heat. appliances, carpet and over HOO sq ft of living area VA appraised of 523,7oo 

AVAILABLE NOW 
This 3 bedroom, 2 both home in koto bow HMH is ready foe im­ mediate occupancy 
Good area ond Horthside Schools Ho city loxes. Open terms 

COME AND SEE 
Lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting, range, refrigerator and fenced yard Located in an area with easy occtss to hoses, ex­ pressway ond schools Low mon­ thly payments. 

FOK DIT AILS ANO VttWINC 

CAU 675-5o83 ANYTIMI 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWIST 
226 SUMAN PROPWTV i 226 SUBU8EKH PB8PERTT 

Page I 5-D 

NUECES CANYON 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S . M a k e offer on this sp aciou s I b e ­ droom, living room, furnished kitchen, garage, fenced yard. 
V A-FH A. Call Olga. 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

YARD WORK BLUES? 
(romped far space? Check this before you buy anywhere. 
J bedroom, VA both, 2 car carport, large living room, 2 story, 16oo sq 
It. townhouse in prestigious 
Heritage Farm Low assumption, (all before it s too kite1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
6 7 3 -o 1 5 1 

• V A L L E Y HI N O R T H * 
3-2-2, lo ts of s p a c e , m c . 
G O N Z A L E S R E A L E S T A T E , 
673-oo35, 673-o988. w X L k f T o" L a d k L a k Id K r V i . b e d ro o m s. 2 b a th s, no dow n • 16o otr«5 near Camp Wood,! 

 m s*™ 2o w a y n E°ns\.a t e r 684 41 os ; perm anent water creek ru n sl 
3-4-4. well situated on corner lo! in • through place, near 3/4 mile!! 
Volloy Forest Area. G ordon kit 
• 
_x, ..j. chen overlooks spacious fenced , #ac" SIC*®' mo,1y pecans, nice. j yard A F. captain — ....... 
'-------— ,J — 
1— 
*>-«-*- 
-* • ' due to quick PCS, reasonable ofter 
C all now, goes 
March. 675-o86o. 
W H Y R E N T when you can buy a I phone, good TV, much gam e beautiful 3 or 4 bedroom hom e I • with attached garage, som e with ; 9oo acres with obout one m ile* appliances No down to anyone 
: . 
. 
, 
* h u g h e s & b r i s c o e 
; I river frontage near 
Cam p* 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9 1 5 8 1 ................ 
WTT 
■ 
H i 
L LY A R E A Just listed won't I • cvo,y 
. . . . . about wall-to-wall carpet, stove. L i k e '! . 
, new. 
N o th in g d ow n 
F ir s t !• balance payment in May. 
R A E R E A L E S T A T E 674 4126 i-*-4 w iY ft' r . t t E P U c t 
1766 sa ft., 12 X 16' patio, all drapes stay, bookshelves In fam ily room. 
Equity and assume. 675-2152. 
RED CARPET 

ASSUME PAYMENTS 
$152 mo. 3-1 IC P , Near Lackland 
Kelly. SOSO equity, carpet and ap­ pliances 
675-1691, 
674-1777, 
423-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

*1?I j ot* s 
11 Wood, good springs with w ater; 
L f 6 A b M a L l l a c k s A faB 
I . „ . ruj L r« L u , 
I 
K e l l y a r e a just listed, won t i• everywhere, fields, heavy tim -; 
'° V . . 3 b e d ro o m c e n tra l a i r , ! ; ber, about 
1 5 % m ountains,; iNNll.tA.tNnli rn rn n l ctnua I ilr A 
' 
7 • all valley land a n d ; 
I good range that has been; 

J token care of, gam e every-;! 

! where, m any good pecans. 
I 
• 
• 
• 18oo acres 
Nueces 
C anyon; 

; with lots of live water, good ; 

; springs and mote than 2 m iles! 

; o f live stream, part has both! 

; sides of stream, valleys and! 

 f o u n t a i n s , nice hom e and* 

; good hunting. 
• 
§ 
: 32o acres near Bandera w ith; 

! home, good fields, tim berland,; 

!sp rin g s and water everyw here; 

; in creek, also much gam e. 
; 

 i9 6 o acres with about one m ile; 

J both sides of good creek,; 

! home, highw ay frontage,; 

• springs, $375 OO acre 
J 
: 
L.J. DEAN, REALTOR 
; 
; 
P.O. BOX 25o 
! 
; Camp Wood, Texas 78833 ! 
; Phone (512) 597-2546; 

DO YOU K N O W WHERE 
YOUR CHILDREN ARE? 
YOU CAN IN A SMALL TO W N I 

Older 2 bedroom rock hom e on I acre, $32,5oo 

New 3 bedroom, 2 bath homes, convenient to schools, 

$39,5oo. 

2 story colonial, 4 bedroom, 2 Vj both, $65,ooo 

3 and 4 bedroom hom es on acreage, lovely views. $55,ooo 

 ond up. 
R.M. GEORGI REALTY 
242 S. Main, Boerne, Tx. 
249-3545 

218-HOUSES MOVED 

T n n T s u ^ T u T T l i r T d T n T i ^ n 1? houses to move or wrecked 
832-635 txce i G ovn't Bldg New roof, con cut 
38 x4 6', 25 x 8 2 ' o n d 9o’. 
623-2331, 475-2233 

RED! BRT HOMES 
New 3 bdrm ., 2 bath hornet 
2 Bdrm., I bath hornet 
W E B U IL D A N Y S IZ E 
D O D SO N L B R 
624-2256 
4" s T W ir C T f c E b f t io M h o m e 4 
$3,ooo each. One ll bdrm . It kit­ chen, ti baths, 2ox 176ft Motel 
B ldg. M oved $14,ooo 424 22S4 toe Buy Houses To S e Moved 
628 1459 
922 4113 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

BARGAIN 
2 bedroom home, good condition, corner lot, cylone fence. N e a r schools, but and centers, handy to 
Kelly and Lackland Only $8,95o. 
See It! 322 Berlin. Joe Casanova 
824 3734 
B E H I N D k lr O M A fc T 
U r n paym ent, 3 b ed room , g a ra g e 
.............. 
‘ 
‘ 
Coll 
$12,95o M ust see to believe now before its too late 
Hoblam ot Espanol 
R A E R E A L E S T A T E 674 4126 
B E H IN D F E b k A A R T 
H IG H L A N D P A R K on Greer, large 2 bedroom, cen trot heot ond air, 2 car garage. I B V O l M E R 'H i l Adorns Hill. 

3 b d rm t garage $65o down, $128 mo 
696-742oWAYNE S L A T E R684-6169 

Buy equity and assum e. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
622 3363 
“ 
H U G E b f e N - b f e 'L L i h t it 
B ric k 3 bedroom , 2 bath O nly 
$27,ooo Nothing down GI- Better 
H urry! 
341-3154 
N IT E S 828 3691 
Walker J Barnebev R E A L T O R 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
See this 3 bed room hom e with sep arate dining and fam ily room. 
N e w root, fre s h pain t. O n ly 
514.5oo 828-5471, 491-1538 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y v ~ a' p p" r a Ts a T------------- 
What a b a rga in ' Fully carpeted, central air, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths 
M aster ti x 3o, den 12 x 24, larpe play room O ve r 2,ooo sq It for 
527,ooo Near Lee Hi 
G L E N O A K S P A R K 
Just Listed! N ear M edical com plex Lovely, clean, 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, big den, cen tral air, on corner lot P riced in M id 52o s. have 2 other on corners, some areal 
F O R E S T O A K S 
All brick, near pool and tennis. 
; Fully carpeted. 3-2-2, large den, high 53o s. Also 4 2-2 at $43,5oo. 
Another 3-2 2 at $44,5oo All with oak trees, in this popular area, near Medical Complex. 
Century 21 
Whiteheod-Hoiidov 
684 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

W. CRAIG 2 BED 
$35oo dn Owner carry, nice yard 
828-o445 
736-1766 
736-4117 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

 wT I ? S m 1 
B Y 

 lee nimitz Schools 
Century 21 
Iraom t. 2 baths, larae fenced 
W H IT B H E A O -H O L L IO A Y 
3 Bedrooms. 2 boths. lorge fenced yard Small cash down to anyone. 
Paym ents less than rent. Will trode! 
B O B O eP A O LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

R E A L T O R S 

OAK Hills TERRACE 

LEON VALLEY AREA 
3 bedroom. 2 both, large master. | Reduced 
Privacy fence and built-in kitchen 
Only $3,14o equity ond assum e 7 
*« S loon 4*4-72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 
L E O N V A L L E Y B E A U T Y 
Populor Centerfield. 3 year old custom built, 4-3 2. den and hying, p riv a c y fence AU b ric k 
Low 
$4o % Also nave good selections of 
I-1-2. 
F IV E H U G E B E D R O O M S 
3 Baths, on I acre Corner near ' 
N o rth w e st C e n te r 
F a n ta s tic home, living and dining, den. ploy room, bock vord a p t. central air, ! huge pvion froes AH for under 
$9o,ooo. 
F O R E S T O A K S R O C K 
With yard full of oak trets Unu suai, and so likeable! 3-3-2, fire- I 
Place In big livin g room T h is , choice property only $44. $oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L U D A V 
481 o3oo_____________ R E A L T O R S 

4-2-2. Big Leisure Room 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
$435 C h a rlie Chon, Deligh tful. spacious, Spanish Contemporary. to 
$43,5oo. 
Better 
H u rry !! 
735-oo15. 694 o437. 699-oo13 
B E U L A H M A E K E L L E R 
Realtor 
O 'C O N N O R R O A D j Is where you ll tine this 5 acres 
I with 3 2-3 brick home. plus 3 car 
I detached enclosed carport P L U S born and stalls. AH this ond also preferred N E Schools Coll John i Winn 533 7 1 43. nites 624-2474 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

L E O N 
Area 
V A L L E Y 
■ 
F IR E P L A C E lee** rock J l l finished Obit goroge. arr. carpet. $28$ month and No Down to Anyono, COH 
344 5564 Hart M cCorm ick 244-2993 
L O M A P A R K , nice 3 bedroom. I bath, near bus. being redecoraed 
H urry! 
H U G H E S B B R IS C O E 
♦ 74 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
475 *694 

LOS ANGELES HGTS 
O utstand ing J L I with en roe!, large patio, screened porch its.se*. 
Van Suren 8 Assoc 
684 7171 
496 5*9* 
499 8o64 

•OFF BIANCO KO* 
On Schm eltter Lane, beautiful 3 bodrooms, 2 baths, $2o,oo6 
Homebuyers R.E. Co. 
7|«-4|S$ 
O F F C U L E B R A R D n e a r St 
M a r y 's U n ive rsity. O w ner will tmance Nice 2 bedroom with den 
$13,2oo. 923-4327. 9241941 

R o n a l d W i l l i a m s o n 

O L M O S O R IV E 

S p a c io u t and b eautiful, in prim e neighborhood Interior e x c e p tio n a l. 3 B e d ro o m s, super kitchen, termer! dining, garage, workshop Call Olga 

PATIO HOMES 
3-2 2 rn Babcock North, handy to 
UTSA-U SAA. Energy saver, built in kitchen $3o,45o V A -F H A Erie 
Nagel, 694 533o. 696 2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
P E A C E F U L L IV IN G - this well constructed new 3 bedroom home is located in a prestigious, heavi­ ly wooded N o rth sid e n e ig h b o r­ hood. Just picture your fam ily in front ot this beautiful fireploce on cold winter nights Energy saving features thruout 
494-5221 
(A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

P L A N N E O 
FO R 
G R A C IO U S 
L IV IN G 
T h is c h a r m in g h om e is w ell la n d sc ap e d and re o d y for im ­ mediate occupancy 4 Bedroom s, 
2 baths, extra large tamilv room otters care-free living. 
RED CARPET 
343-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
493 2762 ) 
P L A N T S 'N T H IN G S will be happy on shuttered porch, j 
2-1. dining, big living room. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2571 
I 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

(O V E R $1oo,ooo) 

IO A C R E S W IT H L A K E overlook mg entire City Large well-main­ tained older home, pool, kennels and out buildings N E Schools 

; S E C L U D E D C U ST O M C O N T E M- 
P O R A R Y in M o r v m o n t o re o 
D ecks and polios su rro u n d g o r­ geous tree form pool V ersatile and unique plan includes exercise room, loft. and children s p la y r­ oom 
Brochure available upon 
| request 

I 2 A C R E S W IT H G O LF C O U R S E 
V IE W 5 b ed room s, J’ i boths 
Outside deck off living and formal dining room s Cheerful gourm et kitchen-breokfost area overlooks stone patio and gorden. 

C O L O N IA L E L E G A N C E 
5 or 6 
| b e d ro o m s p lu s q u a r t e rs 
B ig country kitchen, graciou s living j and banauet-»iie d in in g room 
Beamed cathedral coiling in den 
New o v e rsize d pool. E x c lu siv e 
• Castle n im s Estates 

B L U F F V IE W S cap tured from alm ost e v e ry room 
D e s ig n e r built ond decorated 4 bedroom. |pated 2-2 2 tor under $4o.6*o? Coll 
I study, gam er porn, pool, and 2-car j Pankev she ll tell you! goroge HoHywood Park 

I C U ST O M S P A N IS H Close to Mad 
Center and U T S A S bed room s plus study, large pool and sauna, lovely covered potto, sun deck and rock patio on 2 b ee studded lots 

IN C O M E P R O P E R T Y 
E xtra ordinary 7 apartm ent b u ild in g $6ooo a n n u a l in co m e 
S e p a ra te g a s -lig h t m e te rs. C o m p le te ly fu r mshed. Call Olga 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

UKF NEW 
3 bedrooms, 2 boths. redecoratod inside and out, com pletely c a r ­ peted, central heat. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
$34 88o1 
333 1468 
333 1764 
— 
[ 'H t m g i K i f c b f e o --------- 
Have buyers tor Highland Park, 
College Heights. H ighlands High 
Areas. Professional Sorvice. 
E D N A M R O S IN 
533 9444 

Open terms, tow 3o’*. 673 79o8 
B Y O W N E R , 3 bedroom, den. po bo Very clean Across John Ken nedv High 733-879o 
S A L E 
B Y 
O W N E R 
3-Bedroom. Carpeted. Air, Equity ond Take Up Paym ents 924-9167 
7V F R O N T A G E on S W Military 
Dr. 4 room brick veneer hom e 
Could be rezoned for retail use 
Call 341 4444 Niles 344-7o34 
Don Bouchee 
A CO IN C R E A L T O R S M L S 

GREAT POTENTIAL 
I 3-1-1 in excellent condition ideal 
I for retired couple or newlyweds 
Priced in toe low 17o %. Call for j appt 
G E N E W IL S O N 
6*4 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 

LAND SAKIS 
VHT, v®ry good wbuitxjn and 
RcmcHkmd Buys • Available now with extra good terms 
IST All Sale, you must see this 
3 4 / -f saps on ond nm loos 41o 
South and Hwy 16 Son* b*auMui p*ton bottom on I pen (m b Sorn* common t«i 
(an be sold sf^arststy Inttdt (tty hmih 
Iwdgtt pm sd 
JI + ACKS in Gonzales County near lultng, 5o% minerals go with this handsome tract - I* cellent fencing and two tanks on county rood near IH IO. Could hove an oily future Great hun­ ting too, ot a modest cost. Will subdivide or sell to 4 Vets 
4 ACM* on loop 4)o t. near 
Souther©** An unusual piece of commercial land at an af­ fordable price 
7 ACttS — NW Son. Antonio near hottest gt owing aren 
Zoned 
Multi family, Ready for develop ment with oil utilities. 5o< O square foot Extraordinary 
NHO S or Tse thing? We have it or we ll gel it for you, Call us 

 r i A I C I M J J N K R K A L T Y 

 l l 

7554 Items I m 4, twit lot tax As'osM Ttasi 
71214 
242-7131 - 547 464S 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 
ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

We hove several, each with 

 a high area for building 

 and each with a gentle 

 slope to river 
From 

$14,ooo 
8 % , 
12 year 

 financing available Highly 

 restricted 
Coll for 
A p ­ 

 pointm ent to seel 

HBG REAL ESTATE 
733-13o9 

HILL COUNTRY HOMES 

4 bedroom, 2 both, central air heat. Top of the M o u n tain on I Va acret. 2 ,5 o o tq ft. under roof $ 4 9 , 5 o o 

4 bedroom, 2 bath, central air-heat, fireplace, wide cover­ ed deck on I tree covered acre. $ 3 7 , 5 o o 

2 bedroom, I bath, central air heat, large den, fireplace, finished garage, $ 2 6 ,5 o o 

3 bedroom, I bath, central air heat, large den, fireploce, wide covered deck, I IO O sq. ft. living area. $26.O O O . 

All homes in new condition, near G u a d alu p e River, boat ramp, tennis courts, swim m ing pools and park areas. 
JAMES O HIDY, REALTOR 
San Antonio, 494-3419 
Spring Branch, 1-885-4642 

HIU COUNTRY 
ACREAGE 

2V% to IS AOti TRACTS IN K IN ­ 
DALL, COMAL. B U A * CO S. located on the lAIROAKS 
RANCH, just right for your new home, horses, ond light gardening. Excellent ow ner financing with up to 
IO - year terms 

DON SMITH CO. 
BRONER 

698-244o 
698-2832 

Take 
IM IO 
Northwest, gu t leon Springs, proceed North on access rood lo Camp Stanley sign, turn right, go 3'/i miles to fim OAKS office 

O W N E R — W E E K E N D , I to 
Sam 
F in e re sid e n tia l a re a , w ith in w a lk in g d ista n c e to sc h o o ls. shopping, transportation 3 large bedrooms, living room and dining room, built-in kitchen, paneled den. Central air ond heat Price 
U t n o Please colt 73$ $5o4 

WEST HERMINE i Oft Blanco, sparkling clean 2 Be jdroom s, I bath, model kitchen, 
! carpeting, paneled den 341-72o1 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
W e iT LVhitodi'Aft----------- 
Near Blanco but A 2 bedroom cottage N ice liv in g room with firep lace, tis.SOO O w n e r w ill carry note. 
733-7141, 
344 )433, 
824-6477 cm. FURR ce 

WHERE 
C a n you fin d a IOO** b r ic k sp a c io u t liv in g a re a with liro- place. separate dining Colorful electric kitchen, beautifully cor- 

MARY HELEN 
2 1-2, fenced garden. E. Central 
828-o645 
726-1764 
534-4439 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S t~ o r f l 6 v E r v 6 'u If J v f e f' 
Nice 2 bedroom home, re-decor- ated. fenced yard, bus. schools, stores neor by. only $1o,25o. in 
Denver Heights Area 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
422-3291 

N E A R P E C A N V A L L E Y 

G reat tor a targe fam ily, 4 bedroom home, fantastic kit­ chen with oil the extras! Cor. pot. fe n ce 
V A - F H A , w ill trade. Cati Olga 

> M A N s S l E f X r M a k e cash otter on 4 room bouto 5ox14o lot. 923-4227. 426-1777 
Ronald Williamson 
H E R IT A G l # A llM . lovely' 3 2 7. with privacy and cham link fence 1 
B e a u tifu l c a rp e t th ro u g h o u t, flowered garden in front 434-2341 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
T l I T I V I ' T T ' 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
473-o1o8 

N e w H o rn *. 1-2-3, D e llc r o st , 
1-379 9549. 532-315o Oft 6pm 

OFF E. COMMERCE 
2 1-1, $15o m ove In, $11o mo Coll now! 475-1491, 423-572o, 474 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
S H C 7 'ITT, W --------------- for this 3 bedroom near Highlands with wood-burning fireplace and huge fenced lot Coil J C 
C O L L E O E H O T S 

W ould bo yo u r rooty when you look at this spacious 2 bedroom, I bath, oeoorate dining room, wall to wall carpet. I car garage, plus m any e x tra s In the M c C u llo m 
School Gist For m ore into. call 
Sherrie or 
Walter 
533 7163. 
333-4326 
B O B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 

JUST LISTED 
M int condition, J - I'i- I, home, in 
Westwood Villog* M ony features 
VA $21,5oo 
675-28 SO 
Deanie Owens en 
R E A L T O R S * West Ole mf t i V L A { K L A 'Hf>-W Tt T 6 f t 6 
H A L L A R E A . 3 and 4 bedrooms, paym ents less than rant Anybody can buy 
F ir s t p a y m e n t M a y 
From $15o to $25o Nothing down, only 
$2oo d o lin g 
Habium os 
Espanol 
R A E 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
-------------- L A R d E ' ftEN but low price im m aculate I be 

W ILSON CO. flORISVIUI • large 3 2, 7 fire ploces Other extras 568,ooo • 3 2 
7 brick large lot, 125o sa ft living oreo 
Other extras 
5j9,5oo 
• 
Several lots 
LaVIRMA • 3 Acres lust off Hwy 
87 Restricted Only 55ooo for oil. 
STOCKDALL • J bedroom (possible 
3) I both Very attractive Must see this one A arent buy at 522,ooo • 
Older 2-1 nome close to stores 
513,ooo 
ACKIAGi • 5o Acres, stock tank, 
4o% coos tot. 2 im off Hwy ISI 57oo ocre • 3/ Acres, stock tank, 4 mi Nf of Stockdale 57oo acre A 6 to 37 
Acres, priced according to omount wonted fast tost of Stockdale • 6 
Ants on Hwy 123 about 3to mi. Mi of Stockdale 51o5o one *7 o 3 Acies of hunter s paradise SW of Floresville 
Only 54/5 out a Other acreage 
I — 393-2591 

SERENELY PRIVAT! 

U S ocre — hilltop with mogmfi 
I c ant view Sophisticated 7 story I 
(ontemporory just minutes from 
Mednol (enter ond down I own 2 I 
I years new, truly unique 

OVER 7 ACRIS-HIUTOP 

 with I 
•aster I 
I suite with library, 3 toepieces. 2 | basements IOO o Hams tile deck 
(Sensational view) 
824 3733,1 
172 S973 822 91o3 826 oo49 

Sophisticated (ontemporory i 
5 bedrooms ulus quarters Mo 

CUSTOM BUILT 
Suburban Home 
New all masonry home, on IVV acres of land Oak Trees 185o sq ft of living area, plus double attached 
G roge with electric door 
3 drooms. 7 complete baths (ntry hall Separate dining room Large paneled living area with corner fneptore All electric kitchen with built in conge ond dishwasher, ad joining eating areu Shag carpet throughout (overed patio (gntial air heot Just out of Pleasanton city limits Paved streets and city elater 
Price, 541,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Cantor Highway 211 A 
Goodwin St , 
Mogeanton, texas 

E G I N C ’ 
H O M E S . I N C . 
II 
I 
II 
I 
I 
I 

O M N SUNDAY I -5 

 to CONTEMPORARY 
DESIGN to 
3 bedroom, 7 both, family room, fiieploce and wetbor, fonnol dining, activity room or extra bedroom 

 to COLORADO DESIGN to 
3 bedroom, 7 both, loft oreo plus ledge deck, outstanding fireplace oreo 

 to COUNTRY DESIGN to 
3 bedroom, 7 both, lorge open family area with fireplace, home nestled among the trees 

 to COLONIAL DESIGN to 
4 bedroom, 2 A bath, faintly room with fireplace, living room, dining room, breakfast orca. 

San Antonia 
Pleesenton. 

 j t r / s , / / ( A * 

626-2111 
569 2527 
579-2487 
569 2o78 

A L T O M Cd 

I 
I 
II 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Ask fat Joyce 

 m a r 

"AC POSS M O M COUP CHOLI lf 
I 4! 9 Third - Mwratvlll* 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in t , T e x a s 
1-663-4558 
S A. Direct Line 628 1?oo 
AB W i m t 'V------KTouTtVui. owner Broker must M il Fabulous northside, 4 bed room all rock 
I bouse, on $ tree studded acres. 
! E Milos Include, out building and horse facilities Better H u rry on this one at $74,1oo B r o k o n p ro ­ tected John Phllpott 34 2 48o8 

OFI (H IO HOUTH AOI PHI ARIA 
PRESTIGE 

(ustomi/ed country living home with many amenities to choose landscaped with beautiful live oak trees Priced from 555,oooo to 58o,ooo 

VERNON SCHUCHARDT 

6A4-1M S 
681 1361 

Real I stele 

2 AC LAVERNA 
All utilities. 4 tracts. ' i Ac »a 
414 *124 828 o445 
734 1744 
724-4117 
*— 
WA T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
I t t T A & g h 6 m> IL IT E 4 
Lo ve iv i i bedroom Sifts double broom home, stove, refrlg, large J*w •* S o n A n t o n lo in B e x a r, double ; 
„ o rd no Comal, Kendall C o s 1-1o acros 

ERA 
532-31o/ 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
673-o1o8 

L O V E L Y H O L L Y W O O D F A R K 
Enorm ous trtad lot comfortable home has country kitchen, tire 
Place in family room Form al bv mg dining rooms. I bedrooms, baths 
$o9,96o 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

LOVELY HOME ON A HILL 
3-2-ICF. wall to wall (argot 12351 m s v t ie, $3oo mo. 471-1691.1 
474-1777, 623 1728 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E j t Ow E Q U IT Y 
A ggro ! $2,47$ assum es this I ' >*» 
VA lean on this 2-2-2 m grow ino 
NW groo Sm oko alarm , rotrig , washer end dryer included 83*o mo $32 9oo 
R E A L T O R 
*91-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU O W IQ A ASSOC 

LUXURY HOME 
C o lo n ial V illa g e n ear M e d ic a l 
Center and U S A A 4 3-2. tor moi living and dining area, large den with fireplace. 2 m aster suites ond beautiful kitchen, covered polio, gas grill, intercom, control vacuum system ond m ony other 
•eat ores 
M rs. 
De 
Lb 
G arza 
244-2341, 
*9o-1984 
AO A J O N E !. R E A L T O R S 

O V E R AN A C R E ' 4 bedroom. 2 both home has beautiful brick tile floors pius carpeting! Living and nj,nu, room s finished ga ra g e with sliding doors G ary peon 
844,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
; I Guy Chipman Co 

Owner. 3 2 2, S u b itx k North, bv m g dining, don, drapes, carpet, cav patio, g a s grin, a n y tenet. s n . sod 1283 HIO 69o $191 

OWNER HATES IT 
Transfer rod, hates to leave. I be droom , double g a ra g o hom e in 
Loon Valley Large beamed den. separate bvm g 82o) mo 
I SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
499-92o1 

OWNER MUST SELL 
M oko otter on equity babcock 
North. 4 bedroom s, I 1 1 beths, c e n tra l heat arr, sto ve , ref dish w a sh e r t i t ) aer m e w in trode on almost anything at value 
A O S D e F A O l O 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 
O W N ER T R A N S F E R R E D 
See to appreciate. I bedroom I bath home, Spacious den, newly rem odeled, la rg e kitchen with d ish w a sh e r, a s s u m e g u t low equity af 138o6 et 1231 a m o , 
N EISO , 31 It Greenacres 341 M il att $ 2#gm 
OWNER WILL CARRY 
This 2 bedroom, 2 bath is a delight to shaw. In excellent condition, ultra clean M a n y pecan trees 
Ruby Wright 344 2M i, M2-S847 
AOA JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 

H O L L Y W O O D F A R K , over 4ooo sa ti rock contem porary on large cui'de sat lot with room tor poul and tennis court 

E L M C R E E K . Indoor outdoor liv­ in g w ith g la s s , w ood, h ig h ceilings. J bedroom s and study 
Jenn-Air center in kitchen 
C A L L 496-5227 
Armstrong Co 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Y o u r w o rld o< to m o rro w can begin with this lovely Custom built 
3 b e d room hom e in e x c lu s iv e 
Castle Hills Terrace Form ol liv­ ing room, separate dining room, large den with fireplace. F L U S lovely billiard room See this anet 
344 834o 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 

PSSSTT tiTTA MONTET 
Come toke o look at this I story 
C o lo n ia l c h a r m e r in p o p u lo r 
Northwest area 4 2-2 with family room, huge covered patio, and on oak tree that s at least <66 veers 
! old All on a corner tot 141,9o6 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty 
4A4 72oQ 
R A IN B O W H ILL S , 2 Story. 4-2'I. 
Ow ners c a rry with $1664 down 
1289 m o i J A J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytime 
S A V E Y O U R C R E D IT 
Would Ilk# to buy a law equity or assum e on 3 bedrooms. 3 baths in northwest San Antonio Witt cen 
” <1ef dual* * 939 4soc utter noon 
SENANOOAH 
This one is highest en the hill 3 oedioams. I baths and separate living, dining und family room s per sa ft. it is the b e st buy around In Nit 36 s 
J49 is is or 349-1111, anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S LQCkhill Selm o Ole 
S H E N A N D O A H ! Attractive I be droom , } bath 
Paneled fam ily room with ra ck fire p la c e ond cathedral ceiling Separate Hying or d in in g ro o m 
N o r lh t id o schools 
$38,8oo 
494 7681 
A N Y T IM E 

KEY GROUP 
L K E Y GROUP 

341-9144 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D TA T E R E A L T O R S 

WHOSE HOUSE IS THAT? 
People often ask obout this place, it invites adm iration Now, It con be yours because it lust cam e on the market Would you believe a g a rd e n in a b a t h r o o m ? A b e ­ droom with a groonhouso? Why not coll and make on appointment to see this uniquely built home in toshionobte Laurel Hills 

344 62o7, 484-433o Anytimg 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N West Otc 

Wildwood Subdivision 
7443 Slippery Elm . 3 bedroom. 2 bath. double garage. S466 Cguity. 
* '» % lo a n a n d ta k e e v e r poymeets C A L L t it M il 
W onderland, J bedroom 
I den, la rg e y a rd and ga ra ge , u n d e r| 
Mi OOO 
Owner will finance 
424-4981 j 

YESTERDAYS PRICE 
On this lovely 4 bedroom house in 
Forest O a ks Estates F n c e d at 
84*.see with over ieee sa it this home featuros fam ily room with fireplace, dining room and Hying room. luny carpeted, ram gutters, and much more. call today 
614-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L TO RS lo n d e ro R d Ole 

214 MUSES SODTIEAST 

AC BILLY SANES 
A2-1. big froes, fenced 
B xtrg tot has septic utilities 
•26-8445 
724 1764 
SM-4419 
I 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
A H'T i l T co' rnTr' l d n I T id ing room, dining room, fam ily room, break tost area 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
IJJ 6446 
661 2327 r w i w n i i ---------------- 
This 3-2-2 is new on the m arket so take a leek! C athed ral ceiling, large den with fireplace and aer ueeus new carpet. Fen n e l dining ar liv in g E o u ity and a ssu m e 
Niles 124-7666 
Duv or nile *68 *646 

Merna Lw Bh h s i Beany 
■ ■■iii»i',,i'iwiwi«i!n>«ini l ite iil'iklllWilll(lMlMdiilld>il>iiia»«giiiliir., ■iiiUri»iB'i>i^Liil]i|iiieBiteiil»’ 
IE I* Bern'bleu! 
No down paym ent, on/ene can buy 14 Bedroom s, ) baths, same with air and all appliances First payment rn M ay 
B O B D e F A O L O 
344 28ft 
R E A L T O R ire IHI I X eel SS N tw s 
CAO 778 1o*6 

 attached f o ra g e and m a n y ex 
I tras E a sy term s or trade Call 
; J C tor details now 
IOO-. E R IC K 
Near M cCullom H igh School on 
: Left. carpet thruout, control heat and air, patio and low $21,566 
: price Call Jim right away 
537 2352 
N IT E S 117 4*41 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 

ONLY I LEFT 
At first there w ere m any, now wo ve only ane et these beauties left I bedrooms, with central hoot and rtfim sh e d insid e and out 
I Find out why. this is such o good deal 

S O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
I $34 68o6 
111-144* 
3711744 

OWNER SAYS SELL 
I I 2-1, air and cvnirul hoof, carpet and all the extras Call ond Ste what a daal you can have. 

S O B U L L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534 6*68 
233-1468 
331-1764 leR K i b u r n . } n t b s : i w . w 
44$ 3336LO R IP P S R L T Y 448 6441 
---------------- t r o w -------------------- 
Stilt buys a big 4 bedroom, utility room 1364 sa. ft. beme in H igh land F o rk Alum screens, attic s ta ir s 
D o n I s a y " N O " u n til you v t seen it! C all M A X I N E 
H A M M O N D 
$317143. nites 
S I* 7476 
B O E JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

 fenced y a rd V A na dow n, ho closing costs 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 1461 l l 
L a rg e llv ln g ^ iin in g N e o r schools L A FB , K A F E J37 3816 

LOVELY 3 1 V H 
S2S6 m ove in. 522$ mo 475 >497. 
474 1777, 423 5736 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

 m c T DTTT rn ""! ! leu 1 neat 2 be droom home, walk ma distance to s c h o o ls 
A ss u m e V A lo o n or refinance VA 
M U C H E S B B R IS C O E 
........... .... 
924 6331 
R E A L T O R S 
423 3*7* No mobiles SUI E ssex 141 $941 
M u s i it ll, by owner. V alley Iii 
___ ______ area. 2-1-1, with control air hoot,' 
3 . i P B L NWY fully curetted, large patio, nice : 
, 
7 .,, 
„ fenced vord, other extras SI9,$oo 
£ '• *• '• y T * A c 
M e d ical u se e tautly or best offer Assum e , Center p „ ¥,g *»rtgts, electricity, 
'telephone, very close in but no 
City taxes No mobiles S3,995 $38 monthly Bill Esse x M I 5941 

NEW LAKE ADDITION 
BOERNE AREA 
4 Homes complete Will discount to get this oreo moving Shady oohs with view 2 are on rushing sixing led creek 
Imperative that mas* turn tost due to limit td finances Will Deah lei s folk1 
Move in now* 3 And 4 bedroom. 
7o minutes to (JISA ond Mednol 
(inter 
C o ll co lle c t: 

( I) 249-2382. 249 2764 

SOUTH BEXAR COUNTY 

Modern oil brick, 3 bedroom home, snooted on 3 % acres 72oo sq H of Irving area, double goroge, 
(arpet, fireploce, central air heal 
IOO gal per minute hligation well with sprinkler system Large com menial green house with tomatoes in production 3oo pooch trees Possession on closing Shown by appointment only, 
Prue, 
511o,ooo 

HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
Corner H ighw ay 28 I & 
G o od w in St 
Pleasanton, Texas 

T *> leghorn* 
Son Antonio; 6 2 6 2 I t I 
Pleasanton; 
5 6 9 2 5 2 7 
5 2 9 2 4 8 / 
5 6 9 2 o 2 8 

 loch homo ho* intarcom system, all prepared hit chen, athar extra*, and located an approximately I at mare acre* al land. 

PRICES 

$ 
5 
o 
, o 
o 
o t o 

$ 6 9 , 5 o o . 

Out Son Pedro go IO miles pod 
16o4. turn nato un IM 1863, go approximately I Vt miles lo 
Smithson Volley load, turn left, ond then follow the signs 
1 
3 4 1 -7 o 5 2 - 
W.F. LACKEY 
& ASSOC. ^ 

A T T E N T IO N C ivic, F ra te rn a l, 
Benovolenf, or R eligiou s o rgan italian* IOOO Ft river front. Giant boulder* in exotic shade*, green valley, hill*, ru stic cottage*, 7 m obile hom e*, sw im m in g pool. 
Horse* OK Very secluded, IJ 33 acre*, ideal quiet retreat, turn- mer camp, dud * ranch or home for u n d *rp rivil*d g *d kid* 
H E A R T R E A L E S T A T E 
734 $781 
7J5 4S9o 

I 

A WHOLE MODNTAIN 
A cornicle Olar view, obstructed only bv large oaks G arden sail. tented, good well, over 7 a e r ** 
Owner wilt finance Robert Smith, 
AVN 7o9) or 494 4777 

5 A C R E S near Helotes, good well rn fence, tree*, electricity 57o,ooo (development 

BABBLING IN BO! HNI 
D e sc rib e * th* sp rin g ted creek 
Ith u t w in d * th ro u g h b e a u tifu l 
I gnarled O ak* on our 14,15,and l l acre tract* one with home and 
! two ore excellent building site* 
699 1ooo A n y t im e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Turtle Creek Ole 
H AN*b h A a A b t A fh o lc e T ’ii tic i e lint in B o n d e ro R iv e r R a n c h 
^ ■ A ll utilities, ready with $4,oo6 down 7o y r* at I 1 r% 
49$ 89o5; 495H O S 
'Y x n r n e n i in 17 and tsi$ 
8)oo down. 85$ mo Wooded. Util 
I 779-4753 

5 ACRES 

Or More 
DON SMITH CO 
696 244o 
B R O K E R 
546 2361 
Acreage tract*, sm all down, smofl monthly, beautiful oak*, no rock or cedor Coll Mogee M I 3514 i .ocre, in ook v illa g e Flortl), tv,OOO or best oHer Coll 825 3686 

H ACRE NW 
Beautiful eon ti et*. 4 m ile* from 
I Bandora R d and Loo# 416 Bloc tncity, telephone No city taxes 

15 ACRES 

I (BKD, N IM HIO UVU AMJ 
GAHM! ‘ IAU PARK I AUK IN 
111(51 (JENIK WHI CARET KHI is r u n 

3 4 1 -1 8 5 5 

AITH * OB WTfKINOS. 
278-9434 COLLECT 

Near Som erset Country living of it* batt Novo garden and some c h ic k e n * a n d b e a u tifu l tre e * 
Cecil O rrick 
Dan Smith Broker 
71S 66o6 
14 aero*, Mb daw n paym ent 
IO m ile s S E S e g u in , u tilitie s, woaded, m obile nom e O K. hwy frontage. W Rose I 7/9 47S2 ii? A c re s aff IM lo fe ist 
City, gaud 
N e o r land 
Universal 
488 3346 
K ocre*. paved road Just south of 
Bexar CO. IX 6o6. Bell. 224 2224 
7Y4'a 7 S eT fcio M edina an 
River. $1 SOO Acre S M 4 7 II 

 tor building, riv e r Iron tage 
Ic e s * 
Fo o l a n d te n n is O w n e r 
G erry Porker >34 1469 4*4 6164 

BANDERA 
I mi south af lawn. I ac on a hill o s k ln g . $2,495. w ill c o n s id e r otter* 
Bill 
Hughes, 
Braker. 
343 1441 lO beoulilul a cre */ o a k covered hilltop, only 74 miles north af 1464 on H w y 111 
T e rm * trad e cen- steered Joe Cullman 
BO B JO N E S. R E A L T O R 
144-IM I 
B E A U T IF U L . I I A cre *. N orth' west Oak*, Utilities, paved road iM usf Soft *§6-3776 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tree studded acre. IO m ile* north of town 
H a * w ater end electricity on wide paved road* ji i-y g v T-y -et— x-------w- 
- u ■ j. O w ner m ust tell Q uickly, littlx 
. _ 
. r d aw n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 

 low paym ent* 474-44*9 
R f A IT lZ f L IV 
Only $13,8o6 Assum e $97 monthly paym e n t* H ave your ch ild ren wolk to school* Better H urry! 
M t 1479 
H ector J Harbeck inc , Realtor* 
Nice 4 bdrm , J bom *, cent oir- heat. la rg o lot. p riv a c y lo n e *. 
Equity ond assum e 7% VA loan, t i l l 66 per m a 224-1919 927 2624 
— s e r n m r r w T m i T ? — 
NO PROBLEM! 
No down paym ent to onyene, 3-4 bedroom*. 7 bath*. Sam * with air and all appliance* Paym ents fess than rent! 
B O B D e P A O LO 
833-5381 
R E A L T O R 
N Z T 

ACRE Of OAKS tn ia y camping, fishing, canoeing 
•n this beautiful wooded sit* rn the 
Hill Country, ar bunn a country home back In th* tall tree*. HOO down. $48 month at 7»« % Call 
Tom Taylor 494 5217 or 342 ( S II 

9 ACRES 
Just inside Wilson Ca O nly 817 m r from Loop 416. Also Texas Veter an * land avail 
144 4261 
M I 6566 
695-2111 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

 a n d u n im p ro v e d 
E x c a lle o t *»/ i;$i, eves 822 93$$ development property 874 9671 j t i l 5 "ft6 6 M ~ R i6 'f l7 "'tTB 
{acre* Firep lace Located near aer ne 
B O E H N E 
R A N C H lf A L T Y 374 7171 
/bedroom s 7 bath*. I story flame on I aero E xtra nice! Oft South ion Hd neor 418 South 974 6114. 
137 4977 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 
Deanie 
Owens? 
Co 

6 ACRES 
A L L O R F A R T $7*9 F E R A C R E 
Only min from bout rom p at Cen von Loka Owner will (inane* at 1226 8)57 
I S simple Bill Hughe*. Braker, 
M l 1868 

S ACRES— 
North at City I m il* Paved road 
Near fast developing oreo Call ll 
24)93)1 
244 9424 

B~6tok b a V m e It f l l s ! 
C L O S IN G COST. 3 bedroom s, air. paym ents Ie** then rent 
69* 742oW AVNE S L A T E R WX o93* 
N O W I V M iU f i U N d ra M A V 
V o lle y F o re st 1 1 1, O nly $166 down, paym ent* 8276 
J B J R E A L T Y *74 6683 Anytim e 
W P P o t i E ' T O 
I 
P T ; A N 
3 2 1. i 
T R E E S ! privacy fenced, air. No down, 8286 
* Bedrown*, large kitchen. Hying 

494*7426W A Y N E 8 LA T E R M 4 -6 9 3* s- AcWF r g N f TT m s T o s - > b 
” o T u y u t ! 

KEY GROPP 

?16 HOUSES SBUTKWESl 

 r 
A A A c & c i i 'r T o V N g R 

 near Viliaret Owner financed 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 4231 
R E A L T O R S 
423 3*79 

ADAMS NILL 
Beautifully kept < bedroom. I path home, air, carpeted thruput, all a pp! ranee*, parage converted la den, upper iU %. 6711445 
REAL ESTATE WORLD a I E 6 T B 1 I T I ------------- 
Alm ost now I bedroom , 2 bath. with country kitcM R. (1568 equity assum e v a loan 45* 111* 
RED CARPET 
I-1 ^ T n w fifr n U L r o n g e , frid g e , te n te d y a rd en d la rg e tre e * 
A v a ila b le new. 
E q u it y a n d assum e 5t5* paym ent* 

BO B JO N E S. R E A L T O R S 

J f f ® 
Near Lackland, cut* I bedroom home with save and rotrig Quick m ay* in 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473 t*o 1 
$*uDt*teit, Gerald si nice aiJer 9 ro a m ho m e 
A c r e s * st. tra m school 517,866 Northside Really 
712-8*41 734 6772 n r m r T w r i u v o r t u p 
V E A R 1 ) bedroom »* > bath le a r ga ra ge , I sto ry h e m * F o rm a * 
H yin g and d in in g a re as, la rg e fam ily ream with fireplace, fire­ place in master bedroom cedor elosot, 26 X 14 4 ctve re d patio. carpeting, water softener, aguilt and assum e *7$ ll s ) 

JA DISS 
Real Estate l l * A c r WT M e d in a R iv e r (roil tog*. 76 acres in cultivation, ir ­ rigation Good homesite 174 9*21 
Beanie 
Owens 
Co 
1681 N E Loop 41* attice 
2* i Acres. Yfm i easf ef Son An 
Ionia, an IH IO 815.666 toto! 
C A L L 5 to 7am and I ta 13pm 
7M 44I7 

J A l h i s I* mi South at Loop I i i with im provem ents 
*96 6*16 or 
696 S H I_________________ 
$ A C R E S near b itn e t^ 

Century 21 
REO CARPET 
I R R A N S O M R E A L T Y *71 77*1 
V a T T V v ii I 
E xlre m e tv 
R H R A N S O M R E A L T Y *71-7761 
Am ericana Kame I l l few equity 
$18* ma. assum e VA lean et 7% financing 6I4-M71. *31 1241 
1 f s V a i i Ul m I F K --------- 
I Bedroom, Bath. Range, Carpel, 
Fence, C arport. B uy E q u ity ar 
Refinance COH 
T E X V E T R E A L T Y 418-4646 

1$ 2 3 8 -1 **6 
((• • IS S ANO N iW S 

V A L L E Y H I E x tre m e ly 'm e t ) bedroom I 1, beth. h as air, ap ab u n e ** carpeting, covered PP ti*, end stereo* roam 819,8*6 No dow n paym e n t I * qualified V A buyers 
Baym en!* below n o * 
JED CARPI I 
'N IHI IX eel s i N U SS 
CALL 31$ 16*6 

IO ACRES ani Db in Bexar and Wilson Counties 
344 *24$ 
141 6566 
*64 5748 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E INC 
I/ Acres al $495 acre elf 28'N 
Pretty oaks, excellent hunting jim Ashley Real Estate 6*4 427* 
It acres, 2 bdrm home, E C*V( 
44* 1316LG R IF F S R L T Y 64*6141 

 a 79 MIRES a 
Bv owner, 1266 sa It on IH M . 4 mi N of 1664 83,786 per acre 
73* 4235 (d ay*) 344 7623 m ites) l l acres. B y owner, paved roan overlooking Canyon Lob# Lets at trees, near boat launch W ater, libers! financing bv electricity 26 min tram 1*64 Will 
584 867* divide, finance 494 2727, 594 1931 
5 Acres, banyan L a b * argo, neth mg down. 5*9 49 mo Jim Ashley 
Realty 124 7774 m a n 
---------------- 
Clos* in eft I I I South, u s e * 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
6W-2I63 

ZOO ACRES 
Close to San Antonio irrigation well. beautiful homesite*. Owner w ill fin a n c e 
J E R R Y B A C O N 
R E A L TOR 
472 2223. 
422 2295. 
TT«t£ m .1 (Ani utilities 
2 ACRES 
6*8 33M LG R IF F S R L T Y 648 o441 B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S F a re d 

U H T awner. 

166) N E Loop 418 office n U r S W T T T Bexar do wooded a n d u n im p r o v e d 
E x c e lle n t development property 124 9*21 
Beanie 
Owens 
Co 
•643 N E Loop 416 office 
9 Ad l l ? i with o r c * * * lo creek nothing down. $7o 38 m o 
Jim 
Ashley Recite 174 7774 

I ACRE WOODED LAND 
New I b ed room . 2 bath. I car goroge. large H ying a re a 
You will b k * th* p riva c y at country livin g Only $18,5o6 Witt trade 
SOO at B A V A R IA N H IL L S , out 
San Pediu 7 mites north at 1664 to 
Borgteld R d . left I miles to 27115 
Bunn Mountain 493 1672, 656 629o 
A T M f f f T T T f m "in beq uM ui 
F o b ra O a k * in Boarne, T x,I A rack 'n cedar home. am y a lorn months old with a gorgeous Hr# place rn the 24x31 living ro o m ' 
Form al dining roam and a huge master suit* 
3 bedroom s in all, 2 large baths 
572.o66 
R E A L T O R S 
3*4 6o22 
Goy CDipnianfifl 
N E A R B O E R N E an paved road all in g ra ss with spreading oaks 
Fenced, stack Ignb and cli earn, stab le and w all 34 X *6 3 be droom, I bath mobile home. turn 
Choice building sight 
Excellent assum ption 

52 ACRES 
N E A R k e N O a l TA Fenced, well. cabin, 26 acres in cultivation 

AiMDSl AN ACRE auntre Mobile Home * 
Hill Country Mobile Nom e Mi*, ti , liable I 779 4J/1 min North on Son P e d ro O nly ' 
121o6, n e e dow n, s i t I t per month , at 8 % far 144 m onths 
T h is one w ont la st Io n a 
C a ll today I 494 3419 ■ L A X E C H O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 

 a C X m S E Y T to ff 'A 'f l i 'f r "wiTh p apular n o rth sid e re sta u ran t, three d w e llin g s and a g a ra g e a p a rtm e n t fra m in g 3 (6 ' en 
Huebner Read Coil Eve Arnold. 
735 *565 OI 227 BIOS 

BOERNE AREA 
IN BOC R N E , ) bedroom I ' , bath 
I in a quiet neighbarhbbB. Just 2 yrs aid S79.oM 

FO R TH E H O R S E M A N 
{SO U TH OF B O E R N E , I * ' lu cre s, tented mte • Helds, water piped to 
.each field B a rn s, sta b le s ond pens pius a 4 bed room . 2 bath older ham * Owner Haunted with good term s An exception*! buy. this ane won t last 

1)5 A C R E S C OF B O E R N E , with 
46x76 m etal barn, on concrete slab with stables, fenced, welt and 
> septic system 

 l l A C R E S . 4 M i E et Boerne, new fences, weft ond good black 
I sail 

AMASON REALTY 
I 249 $5)1 
B Y A W N t V /~ ~ n n 
S l l "mites southeast Leap 41* on highw ay I* i i years aid Alt brick 11 home 
.L a rg e ro a m s S w im m in g peel 
2 stary metal barn Irrigation well and equipm ent F is h in g pend 
Large oak and hickory trees With 
26 acres at coastal Deer goad, o n d d a y * 
C a ll 
924 *$71 or 
1 742 love tar appointment h y- a t o m y ; Tt n r r i i t s r w i B, house an G u a d alu p e B ive r. im 
Sapum, I bedroom . 7 bath with ever *86 Sa Ft et p erch es im proved water front Price Nega 

CHINA GROVE 
'n Ac, 3 3 4 den, fireplace pecan trea*. fenced, M ile 
12* 644 5 
73* 174* 
$24-4439 
W A TSO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

IO A c re s f el B la n c o sm a ll house, BaaM tap sail, nice trees jim Ashley Real tstuie e l* 417* 
S 3 ACRES 
NILL COUNTRY VIEW 
Rancher wants la salt near Twin 
Sisters. 13718 with awner hnanr mg 
H E O 
R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
I i i 1224 

 road. restrictions, trees, view 

CM I *94 5227 evenings 494 J769 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
5 5 A C R E S N E A R 
C A R N E R S T A T E F A R K 
Beautiful view in Texas Hills 6127 dawn garm ent. I l l 35 per me 
Owner (w onted CPR 7M T M I 

 c a l l 328-ieee 

E.D. GOZA 
R E A L T O R * ? ; ; lips 
Approximately I acres BeauW ul 
(•cohen tar aevelepem gpt F in * homes in mature suburban area 
M A C R E A L B S T A T B I U 1521 
IH I NuM ttl* to CAU 
IS 2 2 5 I OOO tx eel ss a n d N iw s 

Ca wi ir| Omani 
Beautiful 4 yr old, I story Colonial heme. on 45 a cre s Ju st 26mi 
Sou th at $ A 
5 b e d ro o m s. 
4 ,bum s larpe living area with bar separate dining room, 4*8o 
So Ft et bv mg area Large store loam und bath with shower, att I fo r aor I Fenced and sawn with 
I oaslal berm uda L o re * barn and dog kennals City w aler, priced to sell bv awner C A L L *14-471} tor pppamwbppt. 

•LACI ro u e W A N I AO 
IN IH I I X eel SS N IW S 
(ALL 715 IO ** 

( 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 1977 

 m e i n 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M in i-ra n c h w ith 
8 a e r * * . 
J v e e r a ld 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th home out Bandera Rd. and clos* to Medina Loke. In the to *. Call now, 684-72oo 
CENTU RY 21 Schneider Reolty 
CO UNTRY HOME Near Flores 
Ville 
On 4.7 Acre*. P rice just reduced. 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333 4144 
Niles !-m -3331 

COUNTRY LIVING 
For Real Estate in Bulverde, Call 
Jim Hanley, B roker San Antonio 
Dial D irect 497 3621 AN YTIM E 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497-3621 
REALTOR 
1-438-7442 

COUNTRY 
OAK V IL L A G E NORTH. Top Of h ill, I acre cleared view. Owner anxious, assume. 
APPROX. 2 ACRES, fla t beautiful land, Prancing Deer Dr. Reduced 
$12,ooo 
SCENIC LOOP, creek*, hills, ap­ prox 2 acres Make ofter. $15,6oo 
G REY FOREST, o 245 acres, at­ tractive location, priced to sell. 
$4ooo 
Van Buren A Assoc 
684-7171 
699-oo66 
433-1247 

DE VIN E , TEXAS 

E xtra Speciol! 1o8 x 2o5 lot. 3 
Bedrooms, 2 baths, den, fully carpeted, c e n tra l heat a ir. 
Conventional, O wner c a rry . 
Call Olga 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lto r 
673-o1o8 

DOWNTOWN DE VIN E 
Huge 2 Story colonial home with balconies. 7 Bedrooms, 3 baths 
Designated as Texas H isto rica l 
S ite 
N eeds p a in t a n d som e re o a ir Only $35,ooo w ith Owner fin a n c in g 
On n e a rly I A c re , across from Catholic ond Baptist 
Churches. 
6 647 ACRES 
Irriga ted all in coastal in Devine 
School Dis!. N ice 3 bedroom , 2 bath home w ith b u ilt in range, stove and vent-a-hood 15,oo sa ft. liv in g area plus double c a rp o rt and extra la rg e storage Owner financing avail able 
9 ACRES IR R IG A TE D in c o u n try . 4 m ile s n o rth of 
D e v in e , n e a r C h a co n L a k e 
W ater, e le ctricity, phone a v a ila ­ ble 
N eeds p lo w in g 
L o k e oriV ile d g e s $13,5oo Good buy. 
W ill sell J acres tor $55oo cash. 
Owner Agent 
D EVINE RE ALTY 
I 663 455B, SA 626 12oo___________ 
DUNLAY. By Owner. 3 bedroom. 

226- SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

NEAR LY T LE 

I A cre, lo ve ly o ld e r hom e. 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 3 B e­ drooms, 2 baths, den, country 
Sited kitchen Well VA EHA, w ill trade. Call Olga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 R e a lto r 673-o1o8 

NO! 
A ir conditioning needed on this hilltop overlooking Medina Lake. 
Spanish 3 bedroom, 2 both, 29oo sa ft. 
656-3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTORS P e rrin Bedel Ofc 
ON BE AU TIFU L Cibolo Creek...a trip le lot w ith a rock 'n ceda r hom e w ith a re d w o o d d e ck, o fireplace in the living room and a coiv study. 3 bedrooms, 3 baths. 
Boerne schools. 
$82,5oo. 
REALTORS 
344-oo22 
Guy Chinman Co 
ON FM-1834 
Corner Oakridge Or. Reduced to 
$4ooo. Owner financed 824-7334 
Dixie Ruse, Realtor 

OVER IO ACRES 
N e a r B a b co ck and M e d ic a l 
Center. H illto p vie w , overlo oks fo re st of tree s and p a n o ra m ic view of Son A ntonio G reat fo r small development of prestigious homes. A Doctors delight Ask tor 
Beth Tate 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
OVER $ ACRES w ith 3 b ed roo m , 2 bath hom e, garage, tank, barn, stalls, garden and low $12,ooo price. Call John today 
532-32S2 
HITES 923-418$ 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE LD REALTORS 
RIVE R FR O N T, 125 It on water, utilities, trees, 14 miles from 41o. 
$595o with term s 344 4187 

1232-EMMS KND RANCHES 

281 SO I ANO $ ACRE TRACT 
1o*o down, owner Corry beautiful trees Level 
22741227 Watson A Son 628-1242 
SOUTH 
2' i acres or more, utili- ttes $5,ooo Terms, 624-1544 

SOUTHEAST 
LaVernia School D istrict. 2 acres. 

 c o n v e rte d in to b e d ro o m s ond bath 1 426 354) 

 kitchen, I bath, living, big utility I O '"* * ,<w to w n ond easy term s, room on I ' z acres. Attic can be 
M B G REAL ESTATE, 927-7441 
STOCKDALE AREA 
32 ACRES, new fields, lots of oaks, e le c tr ic ity , a ll-w e a th e r ro a d . 
$28,8oo Roberta W hile. 533 7143. flites 133 8761 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

STOCKDALE AREA 
32 AC R E S. new fields, lots of oaks, e le c tr ic ity , a ll-w e a th e r ro o d . 
$28,8oo Roberto White, 533-7143, bites 133-8743 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

STUART HD. ACREAGE 
Ideal for 2 to 5 acre tra cts! 228 ocres near Lake C a laveras IO miles to Loop 41o. Owner finance 
214824 785o, 214 16* 5284 

FANTASTIC! VIEW from sundtck of a 2 story, lu xury home. Over 2 acres, with lots of trees, a good barn and a home with fireplaces in both living ond fam ily room s! 4 bedrooms, 3 baths and a kitchen 
19x17! Long patio! 
$87,5oo. 
REALTORS 
344-oo22 

Guy Chinman Co 
FOR KENT Mobile home and Iil f acres. 24 m iles north of 14o4 oui 
H ighw ay 281 No R ic k y tones, 
533 7163 or 656 5723 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 

GOING SOUTH 
414 a c re s , p e a n u t a llo tm e n t, roostnl plus two tanks Hwy Iron taae and C arrizo Springs water. 
Kites, 715 4128 
349-4343 or 349-3S35 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L TORS-Blanco Rd Ofc 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
I ocre w ith beautiful Oak tre e ” on y o u r ow n w a te r tro n t T e rm s available. 497 3753, 824 o85o 

HELOTES 
6 Acres Plus Beautitul H ill, ta n see to the N orth Pole and to the 
M exican B order Sell, w orth the 
M o n e y. F in a n c e d by o w n e r. 
695 89o5^695 32o5 

Take up payments on ’ * acre HW fo r home b u ild in g W ater, c ity utilities Mr Felter, 679 7229 

H I L L C O U N T R Y IO A C R E S 
B e a u titu l h ills and tre e s. $35o dow n p a ym e n t, $S4.I9 per mo. 
Financed by owner Call 714-9$9| 

 m 6 m e 
NORTH 
OF 
SAU 
ANTONIO 
2,44o salt home high on a h ill on 
37 a cre s. B e a u tifu l hom e th a t m ust be seen to be appreciated 
$159,ooo. F L Y IN G R R E A L T Y , 
Office 
418 7429, 
Residence 
899-2791 

HOME ON THE RANGE 
M arvelous 4 bedroom home m the 
Boerne H ill Country w ith a high h illto p location ond m a g n ifice n t view, on $ acres of land. Approx­ im ately 7 m iles east of Boerne on 
State Hwy 44 $9o,ooo Please call us You'll be excited 
341 4491 
Nit es 484 41 $4, 142 339o 
GEORGE FLOOD REALTOR 

TEXAS VETERANS 
We have mony IO 15 acre tracts w h ich w ill q u a lify fo r low i°» interest Texas Vet loans. Coll for details today 
5)2 3252 
HITES 533-14o5 
C e n tu ry 21 
W A K E FIE LD REALTORS 

I TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
N W S A near FM 47I and 16o4, 
W ell re s tric te d , c e n tra l w a te r, paved streets, prices very com p e ttily * 
G ood te rm s 
LA - 
KECROFT 
R E A L 
ESTATE. 
342 1661 
I to I wooded Ae. good soil. N of 
S A Just outside Bexar Co 
492 9416 H Castle Reolty 732 44o2 
TWO ACRES OF RIVER 
N o rth on G u a d a lu p e 
S ce nic woods and topsoil High above a clear clean gravel bottom riv e r 
$12,9oo 
O w n e r w ill fin a n c e . 
R o b e rt S m ith , 498-2o41, it no answer 494 *777 

 h o r 4e Br a i n i n g f a r m 
8o acres, new m etal horse barn. 
1oox14$ indoor ond outdoor aren as. 3o stalls, race runs, nice ranch house, fireplace, pool 4$ miles to 
S A E quity 195,ooo, N egotiable 
LANDON M A R T IN 494 4*92 

4oo 
H u e b n e r R o a d 
I 491 Acres, clean, big trees. front on Huebner Rood 28o‘ East of Oakland Road B eautiful tra ct 
Call 
Eve 
Arnold, 
735 6515 or 
227 11o5 
E.D. GOZA 

 mo STORY BOERNE 
Large home w ith fo rm a l liv in g room . d in in g ro o m , b re a k fa s t room, fam ily room w ith fireplace 
2 bedrooms upstairs and m aster down Finished u tility room plus 2 car garage Boerne, Tx 

242 R.M. George Realty 
S Main 
H W 
2478 
WANTED 17-1oo acres. Out Hwy 
9oW or Laredo Hwy W W ithin loop * r ve ry clo s* in L E 
R o­ ar iq u *i2 |7 ^ M S _ ______________ 

R E ALTO R *227-81o5 
.MF R6~V~ o ~ ' H tL L ' " 1 6 W Z A V 
LAND 
Rolling valley ond wdd game 
736-1744 
828 o444 
4** 281o 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

Kerrville Hunting lodge 
IO Ac, J-1'J m obileTurntsned well. septic, barn, trees 
821 o445 
736 1744 
475 o479 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
LARO'# l U i t b i N d ’S ire ------- 
I mile north from Loop N W do- I s ire d lo c a tio n , deep s a il a n d ! wooded oreo Water, e le ctricity j one phone Payments et $42 79 of j 
7*. sim ple in te re s t a tte r sm all down am t Los Fetter. 479 722* 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt 1-3 A c re s . O ak t r e e s , h i l l c o u n t r y . 
N o r t h - N o r t h w e s t . H o m e s r e a d y to m o v e in to . F i n ­ a n c e d . w e c u s to m b u ild . 
H a v e 
1 3 - 5 a c r e t r a c t s a v a i la b le . 
W e c o n s id e r tra d e s S a w y e r C o n s t Co. 
731-o4o9 
494 2743 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES aum n 

B Y A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 
MEDINA WATERFRONT PROPERTIES 

O n e w a te r fr o n t h o m e $ 4 2 ,5 o o w ith 3 lots a t P e b b le B each. 
O n e w a te r fr o n t h o m e w ith g u e s t c o t­ ta g e . 9 o ft. w a te r fr o n t on lim C re e k 
C o v e . $ 4 8 ,5 o o . 
O n e 
M e d in a 
R iv e r w a te r fr o n t o v e r 
3 o o ft., h o m e w ith co b in . $ 5 4 ,9 o o . 
PIO N EER REALTY 

6 8 4 - 4 2 1 1 

CHOICE SITES 

THUNDfMNRD H U I 36 carious 
UM townhouse lots off CoJfoghon 
Rood Excellent for investment or development project...............AB tor $93,6oo 

WOODLAWN MUS - 
You con see forever 
2 gorgeous lots with a spectacular view of the city A MUST 
SEE! 
$54,5oo 

CASTLE HILLS TERRACE - Erne cor net lot off Honeysuckle. A rare find in this area................... 
$26,ooo 

HELOTES PARK - I V. ocres Choice building site, lovely comer, lots of trees, beautiful view All utilities available 
$23,ooo 

CASTU MUS - One of the few remaining lots on 
Shalimar 
Beautiful tree covered 
...................$1145o 

UMVERSITY MUS - Off Blue Mist 
Mountain. Zoned for single family ...................$14,95o 

 lOCRHIU ESTATES. - Gorgeous 
Trees. 
North 
East schools. 
Ex- ceptionolly good value .. S' 1,5o J 

STAGE COACH MUS - Enid/ ap pron. 1.6 owes of native cedar ond oak trees with scenic vista of hill country area. Perfect residential building U te................. $11,2oo 

NEAR SOUTHWEST MEDICAL CEN­ 
TER off Babcock Rood 6 residential sites, walking distance to elemen­ tary school 

 from 
$1o,ooo ta $12,ooo 
SERENE H ills — Oull knife Trail of, 
Boerne Stage Road 
Approx. I.S acres Water ond electricity at street 
$11,ooo 

OEI CINEMA ROAD-MOUNT AIN 
VIEW ACRES - 2 lots combined foe excellent building site on hiqlw elevation of subdivision . $ 7,ooo 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES - Build your country home in the tree-filled heights of mis ores. 
Approx. !6 acre ............ $ 44oo 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH - One oat lot Water and electricity available ..................... $ 4,5oo 

494-7651 ANYTIME 

) f o $ o u r & k t i m s 

REALTORS - SO YEARS Of TRUST 

23o UHS 

SUBURBAN SITES 
(HINA GROVE 15 acres great for a homesite Partially fenced, trees, excellent frontage on paved road. 
Utilities in area. 
Need septic 
MM $3o'f 
TIMBER OAK ESTATES. Trets, hills ond open spaces. Approx 
1.3 ocres 5 miles north of 16o4 on 
Homo Deep well, holding tank A pump 
.............. $124oo 
BULVERDE ESTATES - Beautiful building site. 2 wooded acres 
Hilltop view 
........... $ 7,8oo 
BULVERDE HILLS - 2 wooded lots 
• one ideal toe a split level locat­ ed on hilltop offering panoramic view of countryside 
$6,ooo A $74oo 
SHELDON RANCH - 15o x4oo' building site, Comal 
County....................... $ 5,9oo 
NEAR LBJ LAKE - 5 miles west of 
Mottle Falls in fumet County 
$ 3,2oo 
342-3311 ANYTIME 

If o s o u r E k k f iiiw J 

REALTORS — SO YEARS CB TREST 

I-ACRE LOTS fro n tin g Bandera 
Rd. inside 16o4. For residential or c o m m e rtc a l use. R e a s o n a b ly priced. 454-19oo. 
(-A cre on S ulpber S prings Rd w a te r, e le c tric ity , se p tic tank 
$5,ooo 449 149o 
BIG LOT oft Duke Road, south of 
FM 
ISIS. 
$ i75o Will trode tor pickup 
92442o9 A LL R E A LT Y $33-7987 
CANYON LA K E , ’'.acre, next to 
State Park, swim m ing pool, elec­ tric ity , w a ter, weekend re s o rt, see to appreciato. $2,9oo equity, by owner, 6S6-1142 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly secluded In W oodlaw n 
H ills. B u ild now o r hold fo r in ­ vestment. Term s available $3,8oo lo $4ooo. Paved streets. All u tili­ ties Near Schools and shopping. 
N ear Bandera Rd ond Benrus 
Dr For details call Louis Flores, 
732 2241 
Commercial lots, all sites, also a tow com m ercial buddings. 
714 5434 C P KOSUB 342-o343 
C o rn e r lo t, K e n tw o o d M a n o r, 
$31oo or Best otter. 494 5533 

SUPERS COUNTRY LIVING 
Hew 3-2, 78oo u) ft lnring dming kitchen open living design, game room with wet bar and doubt# fireplace large Oaks on 4 S ocres plus a 3 car garage ond workshop. 
Quality throughout. Minutes from 
New Braunfels or S.A., off Hwy. 
1863 
CANTON UK t lust reduced 
3 2, corner lot, detached 2 cor gorage, family room with fireplace, formal dining room, (overed potto $5o,ooo 
WATERFRONT 2-2, open living, din­ ing and kitchen fireplace, panoramic view $55,ooo. 
ON I ’<5 ACRES, 2 story spotless 3-2, fireplace, carport, 2 extra out buildings, deep we#, garden and fruit trees. $37,5oo 
SUMMER OI DAY CAMP - S PLUS ocres, 3 2ox2o cabins, I 3ox3o bath house and storage, fenced, close to water recreational area, e^ui^ment to operate camp Ail for 

WATERERONT ACREAGE 
2 539 ocres, chott# building Ute, electricity and water available. 
S32.SOO 
NEAR SEGUIN 
2o acres, 3 bedroom. I bath, fireplace 7 cabins heat, creek, fenced ond priced to sell at 

Ce* Men*. Hah 
4544114 rn c«4mI #44 7417 

B t amie Owens 

HALICKI 
I. Ok 

For Sale Vacant Lot, 134 Donatio 
D riv e , H o lly w o o d P a rk a re a 
115x18o. Contact owner- Hoyt M. 
F o s te r, 
V a n d e rp o o l 
R o u te , 
Utopia, Tx (512)944-1498________ 

’ GERONIMO FOREST 
Choico oak covered acre, priced under m a rke t 
F or d e ta ils and viewing, call 342 4115 AN YTIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
HAR LAN DALE AR EA Excellent c o rn e r lo t w ith J-co r g a ra g e 
923 4327, 924-2*22 
Ronald Williamson 
L iv e O ak H ills s u b d iv is io n , 
Guadalupe Co, $15o6 best otter 
331 5429. 
LOCKHILL RD HOMESITE 
Zoned single fam ily dwelling 
Owner ca rry w ith small down 
734-1764 
821 o444 
3)3-1143 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

-LET A - 
REAL ESTATE BROKER 
Buy or Sell tor you Call 
224 8357 
342 9)18 
144 *424 
J A Dem 
Root Estate 
7 I O f i . seven e ig iilT 
A c re , 
Terms 
1oox185. 

 l o! H i • 7oo on rood bv U t i l 
11o.ooo CASH 4*5 3424 aves 

LYTLE 
3 bedroom home en 2 o4 acres. lo re * room s, fire p la ce JE R R Y 
B ACO N R E A L T O R *77 312), 
633 )29$, S22-37)5 

IO M IN NO OF UTSA 

WEEKEND 3.8 AC 
2 room cabin. won. live oaks 
828-o445 
7)6 1/44 
475 o42* 
WATSON B SON REALTORS 
WE HAVE a num ber of * and to acre hid country tracts out bon- aero way! Some with a constant running creek, and some high in the h ills w ith b e a u titu l v ie w s ’ 
Good term s! 45 minutes tram San 
Antonio. Down to eorth p rice s! 
Please ca ll A m y Loo ssborg on site al I 7*4 4171 or 
GEORGE FLOOD. REALTOR 
_________ 141 4491____________ 
Y E S T E R D A Y S 
C H A R M - 
TOO AY S CONVENIENCE 
In this colonial with large rooms, ond high ceilings. On 3 ♦ acres, near Floresville ) 2-2, fireplace, j m a n y e x tra s ! R o b e rto W h it*, I 
533 7163. Hiles ) )) 87S3 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

228 RISOR! PROPERTIES 
7 , ACRE s"c ANV ON I A t i t " 
On paved road overlooking lake. tots al trees, good grass Wafer e le c tric ity N ear T u rke y Cove 
M arino on S A side of lake Win divide, finance 494-2727, 494 1931 
I A cres, en p riv a te a ir s trip 
Medina Lake, private maintained water front 
J 
« 
Edwards 
69S-R498 
_______________ 

BAY FRONTAGE 
E xcellent resort home, rentals own 
4 beautiful ac, pool boat, dock 
17* o445 
7)6-1764 
448-o*7) 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

BUCHANAN LAKE 
MO water tront tot on Buchanan 
Lake Water electricity 65* 7114 oft * 
_ 
BY OWNER 
FOR SALE OR LEASE, home on 
Medina River, I bedroom tra ile r w ith la rg e a tta c h e d p e rc h on 
’ •acre wooded lot 
344 1o7) or 
512 )35-4413 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! in Tam arac* Shores with h ill la- 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 lake facilities and boat ramps neor by. Ponoramw mosts, mony a 

 oak bets $18oo pot otto up Sill 3o% below morktt value Up ta 1$ years to pay of 
1% 
F o r a p p o in tm e n t C o ll 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

 r WANT TO BUILD > 

Tho! drtamhousp on ’/# acre with frees ond a view, too? 
Coll today for mort infor­ mation on our listing in 
Stagecoach Hills. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

FIRST TIME OFFERED! 
UVALDE COUNTY 

IOO to 2,ooo ort* tracts, (hoke volleys and low live oak ndots. all native pastureland, excellent hunting, clos* to Uvalde triced low 
(rood terms 
IME YOUR 
(HOKE HOW 

Call or write: 

JAKE LANING 
P.O. BOX 8 

UVALDE, TEXAS 718o1 
Day: 278-3612 
Night: 278-3o38 

3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

FT CLARK SPRINGS membership Best ofter 65$ *49) 
LAKE LBJ 
SUNRISE BEACH 
W oterfront home ) bedroom f t bath, com eletelv fu rn ish e d Bv 
Owner $79,5oo 342 *54), 349 **24 

Lake LBJ Sunrise Beach 
B e a u tifu l b u ild in g sid e o v e r 
'.a c re 1o/Ft frontage on water w ith p a n o ra m ic v ie w of m a in lake Concrete bulkhead fishing dock with two boat sups. 117,954 
CBR 494 $743. 
___________ 
LAKE PLACID ESTATES 
7 Acres on GuodaiuBe River, wa te rtro n t p ro p e rty w ith Pullm an r a ilro a d c a r, s u m m e r hom e 
G rea t fo r e n ttrta m in p $3o,ooo 
Ca* tor de to,is (24 o21) 
COOK CO. REALTORS 

A BARGAIN! 

I I ACKS, HEM Stockdale with 2 bedroom home, 2 bors* sheds, 2 tanks ond on highway 
ARWOX 43 ACIES, on paved rood, NE of New Braunfels neor 
IH-35 with cli utilities avoitobl* 
Owner financed. 
416 ACRES in Kimble Co. with about I mile for river front. 2 older homes, bams, pens ond about IOO acres in cultivation lots of game on this hill country beauty1 
B47 ACRES in South Texas with windmill, pens, good fences and plenty of gome This is a good 
K 

 e foe caff!# and hunting. tee financed. 
GUY THOMPSON 
REAL ESTATE 
IDSA Lo Plaza Bldg., Seguin Tx. 
658-8444 
Eve 1-379-7512 or BILL SMITH 1-379 o189 Eve. 

39 Vi ACRES 

UVALDE AREA RANCH. 
2o YEAR FINANCE 
BY 
OWNER. LOW DOWN 
PAYMENT. 
BANK 
IN 
TERESI. 

CAU 349-2611 
AFTER 6,341-1855 

232 EMBUS ABB RANCHES 

SWT FARM A RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 26oo ACKS H E. 
LA SALLE CO With Frio River fron- 
*®9*- 
2 nice mobile homes. 
Garage, huntma stands, numerous small fields. Excellent hunting and fishing- SmoW por­ tion o f numerals $365 per acre with good terms 

411 ACKS U SAU! CO. % 
Mile Nueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acres irrigated farmland, ruse house overlooking small lake. Excellent hunting and fishing with many good improvements VS minerals 
A red showpiece $8oo per ocre with good owner financing 

LH PETERS _ 1-879-2759 
P.O. Box 563, Cotulla, Tx. 
71o14 

IV. HUBB MU SUCKS 

4 BY APPOINTMENT ONLY 
* i t Showcase your horses now on 

FARM AND RANCH 

385 acres, 9 miles southeast of 
Bandera. Paved road bordering pro perty on two udev. Beautiful Hill 
Country overlooking Medina River boun. In a municipal 
Ready for divtlopnwnt oat 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

 utility district nt. SI 2 SO per 

349-1121 r n 

 this JO ocre comer and sad by the scj. ft. in the neor future. 
4ooo sq. ft. 4-2VS home, 2 rock fireplaces, large den, office, study, etc. Wrought iron gate and rock archway entrance go with the excellent fencing. Over 
2ooo ft. of frontage at major in­ tersection. Tank which can be 
A- enlarged S B ocre lake in your 
A- backyard. Overlooking dawn- 
* Town skyline $275,ooo with 
>6 terms by owner S% to portki- 
4 paring brokers. 

4- LAND LOCATORS OF 
* 
TEXAS 

* 
SA. 667-1154,667-1333 

♦♦DIRT CHEAP" 
And the best ranch buy on the 
Edwards Plateau1 3379 rolling live oak ocres smock in the midale of good deer country 
Good im 
C 

 ovements, good minerals, good cation, and below market price ot $2oo per acre. 
JUNCTION LAND CO. 
$o9 Cottage 
Junction, Texas 76849 
915-4464469 
Exclusive Agents 

Lots o! Lots and Land 
4 a c re * w ith vie w , I to 3 o cre homesite* in Northwood H ill*, re­ sidential lot* in Thousand Oaks, big tot* in Hollywood P ark, Unit 
IO, 2’ z aero* in Stagecoach H ill*. 
Buy now - build later 
COH 349 1434 Anytim e 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS_______ 
7 LOTS on Irolo *1 oh Cutebra ond 
Roqrtok*, 73$ oo52.______________ 
MT 
L A U R E L 
AV E in MT 
LA U R E L Subdivision near Tur- tle Creek Country Club. M edical 
Center. USAA, im ic Owner w ill finan ce *94 4*o5 Mon F r l or 
341 $44* (AM-1 PPM doily________ 
Oak H ill* , o v e rlo o k in g c ity . te rm *, $29,ooo 7)5 7413 341 281 1 
TE R R E LL HILLS 
B eautiful sloping lot w ith froes 
14$' frontage on a favorite street. 
*24 3233 
MAZIE SALE H ILL, Realtor 
232 HUMUS HID MIMS 

9.25 ACRES 
B e autifu l b u ild in g site, located lu s t o ft IH -IO , w e st of Leon 
S o rin g *. E le c tric ity a v a ila b le 
Good restrictions to protect your investment. 
Owner financing available. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-7o61 
S A. 224-7171 

37 ACRES 
Bordering M edina R iver, 2 old houses 
344-6248 
341-6566 
684 5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
$ ACRES • F arm land, excellent soil. Uvalde area. Owner finance 
Call 9 to 5, 3*9-2613. 

SS ACRES 
Good rotting gras* fond w ith live oak*. Excellent hunting Fenced on 3 lidos This land suitable tor sp littin g fo r 2 T e xa * V e teran*. 
$45o oo per acre. 
Excellent investment 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o4) 
S A 224-7171 
2oo a c re s-g o o d w e ll, w ooded, between San A ntonio and Plea scnton Owner financed 828-5671. 
S tro u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 

C 
W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
” 
113 ACRES 
AU in Coastal Bermuda. 12" ir­ rigation well,- irrigation mid hay making equipment; 3 bedroom brick horn*; 2 large hay sheds; mc* stock pond, stacked with fish Ideal for registered cattle, quarter horse, dairy, or hay farm operation. 
Financing avoitablo. 
C a ll O .N . P r a te r 
W ils o n C o u n ty R e a lty 
O ffka: 3o3-o141 
M obil*: 3o3-6913 
V 
Bael 3o3-6143 
^ 

RANCHES 
FOR SALE 
Have 4,7o6 peres; 1o,ooo acres; ond 15,ooo acres on 
Loke 
Amistad and 
Bio 
Grande diver Att have water frontage, fine hunting and fishing, some mineral in ttrests, high loan void* WHI trade dear of debt for com­ mercial income, apartments, oil or gas production, other ranch kind ar what do you hay*. 
CALL OWNER 
(915)949-391o 
>r (915) 949-585o 

232 - FARMS AND RANCHES 

2o to 3o ACRES M e r Pleasanton or F loresville, app roxim a tely 35 m ite s S A. S om e c le a re d fo r planting, others with trees, brush and ponds. E xcellent tong term owner financing Colt TE X MAC 
R E A LT Y , S.A. 224-oo81, nights 
1-549 3382. 

LLANO 
COUNTY 

Super choke SOO acre ranch with mile nent creek, springs; 
2 tike of forge beautiful perma- j r n modern homes, barm, pens, sheds; A beautiful good complete ranch dose to llano Excellent for sub-division with over 2 miles 
(reek frontage Priced right. 
Coll or writs: 
Jake lairing 
P.O. Box 8 
Uvalde, Texas 788o1 
Day: 278-3612 
Night: 278-3o38 

ONEMPROVEB 
6.7 acre b u ild in e site w ith m a r­ velous view to the east. Some rock on land to build retaining walls, etc. Total price $11,OOO OO. Owner financing. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C lift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224-7171 
OPPER SA BINAL HANYON 
HS ocres-creek-dense woods 
J A . LEIG H TO N, REALTORS 
Vanderpool. 78885 
$12-964-34oo 
M ANTEO T 6 LEASE 
2oo TO 2ooo ACRES 
P astureland fo r cattie. Address full Inform ation to: 
G T. M CALPIN 
$38 South V andiver 
Son Antonio, Tx 782o9 
Want to 
2oo 2ooo ocres pas­ ture land for cattle. Address tun 
Info to G.T. M cAlpin, 528 S. Van­ diver, San Antonio 782o9 
W e c a n $e l l y o u r 
RANCH-FARM OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A LT Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 or 249-3314 

2 $ - CBIAMBLCtAI PROPERTY 
LEASE 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

IOO ACRES 

IN DI EJ COUNTRY. BRUSK 
AND 
(IDA# 
WINDMILL, 
PARTIALLY FENCED 
YOU'VE 
GOT TO SEE TNB TO RUEVE 
III OWNER WILL HELP FRAN­ 

CA LL 349-2612 
DAYTIME ONLY 
3 

CREEK AND RIVER 
R a n ch e s, la rg e and s m a ll. 
S p e c ia liz in g in th e 
P ip * 
C reek—B andera—M edina area 
Jim Taylor 824 4898 
D E VIN E AREA, B eautiful brick 
2.5 acres 3 bedroom, 2 bath, dou ble carport. t*x27 living area with 
Ben F ra n k lin fire p la c e 
L a rg e workshop, good well. paved road 
Price reduced 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1-643-5597 

36 ACRES 

BOTTOMLAND. DEED FUINISHED 
WITH 25% DOWN. EXCEUENT 
FOR SMALL FARM OR SHEEP 
OPERATION. NEAR WATER. KST 
OFFER BEFORE APRIL IST. 

CALL 349-2614 

WEEK-END HIDEAWAY 
Cedar home on 7.9 acres located at trie end of County road 6 miles from Boerne One extra large be­ droom . bath, living area, kitchen, la rg e s c re e n e d fro n t p o rc h . 
$31,ooo.oo Total price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C liff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 224-7171 

WELL AND CABIN 
On 2o a cre s n e a r Pipe C reek, deep s o il, huge oaks, >3o.ooo, owner financed. 
ED W ARD’S RANCH R E A LT Y 
495-848o 
1-535-4596 
What type Ranch do you w a nt’ 
RANCH M AR K ET 226-S184 
Rt. 3 Box 221, San Antonio, 78218 

WILSON CO RIVERFRONT 
156 Ac, chocolate loam, secluded 
828 o665 
736-1764 
475-o429 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

WE ARE ALSO 
LEASING SPECIALISTS 

 m a t c h in g t h e s p a c e r e q u ir e m e n t s o f g r o w i n g 

 s a n A N T O N IO BUSINESSES 
NEY 
G R O U P 
I 

• Office 
• Retail 
• Warehouse 
Sterling Burke 

REALTORS 

77o1 Broadway Suite 1o4 
824-6351 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
WAITED 

OEST BUTS 
This land ml) sell beams* It is pric­ ed below the competition. 
182 Aeros on the Medina rivet, huge oaks and pecans Only IO min to S.A. $1,3oo per ocre. 
271 Acres blackland form south of 
New Braunfels, house, ohstrip, big tank, creek, squarely in the path of wogress, $1,ooo per nae. 
2o3 Acres on th* San Marcos River 
■ Gonzales Co. 4,ooo ft of rivet front, 1$ minerals, only 56oo. per acre. lo t im OTM H an exchange of year property. 
Cal $49 2477 DCVSULT 4 SSSTX lf «de»in hi Mi Im exit wgH. 

234 FARMS TOR RENT 

W A N T T& B U Y <!>R L E A S E peanut allotm ent in Atascosa Co 
Small or la rge acreage. Jim m y 
Seay; P.O. BOX 277, Pleasanton, 
Tx 78o44, $49-2397. 

7oo ACRES 
13 miles west of Campbellton 
Coastal ond some brush, artesian well, tanks ond good im­ provements, VS minerals, all ex­ ecutive right*. $425 per acre. 
128 ACRES live Oak Co. AU brush, good hunt­ ing. FM rood frontage some minerals $395 per owe 
VESTLAND 
854-1o15 

EDWARDS RANCH R E ALTY 
Buy your land from the natives 
P IPE CREEK, TX. 495-8486 

LANO OWNERS 
We hove of present a list of Texas 
Vets, who have re ce ive d th e ir 
_________________________ _ application (quick sole), looking 
F arm ond Ranch Listings Wonted *°r lan<* North of S A. It you ore 
5o Acres or la rge r w ithin 45 m iles interested in selling, p ita s# give of San Antonio. W rite lu ll details ° * o * * •- and prices 
E D . G O Z A , R E A L T O R . 
418 McCullough Ave., San Anton­ io. 
Tok., 
227-81o5, 
122-53oo. 
824-54)8. 
______________ 

236 • COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE_______________ 

43 49 ACRES, S3<xk> an acre. 16oo ft. highway frontage, 41o S. Salido 
C reek b o u n d ry on n o rth . Sam- 
Campbell 
Broker 
454-7667 or 
349 3577________________________ 
2.86 ocres industrial site 
WW White Rd near L o w 41o 
533-1oo9 Respondek R lty 654-5667 
1.34 acres zoned business. I l l ft. frontage, adiacent railroa d, near active shop conter, industrial. 
MAC RE AL ESTATE I28-2S2I 

BROADWAY FRONTAGE 
Service garage, 42x17, p o rta b le build in g 27xlS, fenced, 158x1oo, open term s. Call Annette 

V » Bon* t Assoc 
684-7171 
344-1o89 
344-7122 

6o ACRES 

FARMS aud RANCHES 
A Specially 
M ere than Half Century Service 
REQUA REALTY CO 
R e a lto rs 
924-45o7 
Hil Country land, only IS minutes i , , na _ 
. from S A Next to la rg e ranch, I SYO* B ro a d w a y must sett bv A p ril SI OOO per ocre i 
_ _ w ith term s In q u ire now L a rry i 
FERTILE FIELDS 
ON FANTASTIC LIT T LE FARM 
, 9o Acres of RICH FA R M LA N D . 
2o A C R E S H IL L C O U N T R Y I Can be S E LF S U P P O R T IN G 
On tone# lin o of la rg e ra n c h , 
TWO W ELLS with electric pumps many dear, turkey, Jovelma. *49$ 
W IN D M IL L 3 B edroom house 

Mocune 4*4-523* or 344-5741 nile*. 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

 down paym ent, *77 22 per mo 
Owner financing available. Coll 
734-7944_______________________ 

• 512 ACRES • 
L it t l* B la n co R iv e r, w e ekend house, good hunting Coll M ichael 
Kaiiski. 128 89*1 
RANCH MARKET 
655-42o4. 224 5184_______ 

9 5 4 A C R E S 
Located 25 m il** north of Brady, good sheep and cattie country 4oo 
Ac c u t!, plenty water, m inerals, valuable gas, S39o per acre Ph. 
915-344-5717, Richard Janos. Star 
HI., Lohn, Texas 74452 

 w ith F IR E P L A C E 
G rg o t oaks ond FRUIT TREES Land can bo d iv id e d in to 3 s m a lle r places, d e p e n d in g on b u y e r's p re fe r e n c ** The w hole b tl s e lls to r 
SHS.OOO L et us show you th is 
L IV E S T O C K 
P A R A D IS E on paved road 42 m ilo s fro m San 
Antonio a irpo rt Owner Agent 
HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
P.O. Bo* 54o, Boerne, Tx, 78oo4 
(512) 249-2114 Of 537 4447 
FOR SALE, N ubian m ilk goats. 
Quality bloodlines. 
Boerne 
1-249-3443. 

LANO LOCATORS OF TEXAS 
S A 447 1154, 447-1333 

NEAR PIPE CREEK 
11 ’ ** a c re h o m e site . B e a u tifu l view and trees, privacy. *15,ooo. 
Owner financed. 
Jim 
Taylor i 824-4898 
N ew B r a u n fe ts -H ill C o u n try 
Property Scheel A Assoc. Realty 
647 
S 
Seguin, 
N. 
Braunfels 
425-8o78._______________________ 
Owner, 2oo-3oo-5oo acres. I m i. west of Castroville. Edwards well im proved, good hun ting O wner financed 1-424-3571, t-424-3441 

PECAN FARM 
Gonzales County 272 A cre im proved bottom -land, producing pecan fa rm O ver 4,o8o pecan tree s, a p p ro x. t m ile of la rg e flo w in g c re e k , y e a r a ro u n d . 
P ro p e rty is fenced, and cross fenced tor cattle. Large new barn, excellent tenant house For more de ta ils, or to see and in sp e ct, please c a ll E x c lu s iv e A g enet 
Gene spence. Realtor; Austin, TX 
GENE SPENCE 
513-34M936 
$295 PER ACRE 4o5 Acres M ill 
; C o u n try E x c e lle n t w e ll, good 
; roods. Owner tiononcing 433-87o9 

BUILDING 
4ooo 
SD 
FT on I ' i Acres Hwy. fro n ta g e *-14 
Acres and 3-2-2 home. 17 pecan trees. “ H e re '* a good deal fo r 
Y o u !" COH: 
224-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
JA D m 
Real Estate 
CO M M ERCIAL B U llb lN G , 4ooo sq.ft. plus 55o sq.tt storage on 1.2 ocres. Fronts 13o’, 15o7 Roosevelt 
Ideal retail location Owner carry 
559,5oo. 824-o284, REALTORS. 
STEVE T. FINCH 

 c o m m ^H C i a L Co r n e r 
• General McMullen D r* 
Between Joske’s and G ulf M art. 
For quick solo, priced at $25,ooo 
I 824-12o2 or 124-2347. 
Thelma B. Pressman 
C o m m e rcia l b u ild in g B a rg a in 
132oo Sq.Ft. e a rn e r le t, 58oo S 
Flores. Owner w itl had!#. *23-4517 

S.W. MILITARY DR. 
Comer lot, 2oo ti. front, heavy traf­ fic, 2 bedroom home. 
G U N SH O P 
$ox4oo, good income, small home, double bay auto repair, private financing, (oil Ed Owens. 826-$463. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-1121 
^NbMMnwiBwaiwBBiBaRRiBatMWMi 

Office Warehouse 
Hail Yan! Space 
A v a ila b le . A ll o r p a rt w ith o r without Secretory. 455-45o5.______ 

SPACE FOR LEASE 
HELOTES SHOPPING CENTER 
ON BA N D ER A RD 
474-2181 o r 6*5-3447 

1o,ooo Sq. Ft. 
OFFICE-WAREHOUSI 

Large fenced yard. Lots of parking. 
Vicinity 
Broad­ way, Loop MIO. Very well priced. 

Call Rick Thomson 
D. B. Harrell Co. 
2 2 6 - 5 1 7 1 

V ll 
I m n HK 

24oo SQ.FT., alr-heat, nice display are a , 2317 V ance Jackson Rd. 
545o month. 735-o961, 694-7777. 
1ooo sq .ft. in M c A rth u r P laza. 
C o rn e r o f B itte rs and N acog- doches. 655-653o, 6S4-So72._______ 
4oo SO. F t., M edical Center, all utilities paid, carpeting, re a listic rental. Colt 699-1133 Russ Stevens 
REALTOR. 
STORAGE Sf>ACE FOR R E N T. 
1,ooo sq.ft., 2oc $.ft. 4o4 W. Hilde­ brand. 73S-o941, 696-7777. 
W AREHOUSE OR $h 6 p on alley. 
Cheapest in Tow n! 1,4oo sa. ft. 
Rear 326 Aransas. Owner 822-oo92 

DOWNTOWN 
COMMERCE ST. 

36,ooo tq ft land area, $.4oo vq. ft building. Through parking from 2 stretti, room far expansion, flexible financing (oil Ed Owens. 826 $463 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8,ooo sq, ft new m asonry building tor sate, near expressw ay, easy term s far strong buyer. 
9,4oo sa. ft.. M asonry building fo r lease, month to month o r long term . 
4,5oo sa. ti. building w ith 75o sa. ft. of nice offices. Large fenced let, near expressway. 
PEACOCK, REALTORS, I24-oS1I 
------------------ZDNMo B i ------------------ 
3 acres near F redericksburg Rd 
Near USAA-will lease or sell 
227-o227 Watson A San 628-1242 

242 - INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOB SALE 

IN DU STR IAL l A T s 
Acre and up, Zoned l l , fu lly developed. 
V.I.P. P ork. Easy term s. 4)3-1489. 

C re e k v ie w D r iv e 
16.14 Acres zoned LL w ith 71o foal fron t at intersection w ith D irector and Dividend. 
13.431 A cres zoned L L d ire c tly ocross from M ontgom ery W ard at intersection of Dividend. 
21 Acres zoned LL on both sides of 
Creekview 
D rive and 
Salado 
Creek. 
Call 
E.D.Goza. 
824-5418 or 
227-81o5 
E.D. SOZA 
RE ALTOR»227-81o5 

SHOWROOM WAREHOUSE 
E x c e lle n t b u s in e s s lo c a tio n . 
M o d e rn 4,4oo sq. ti. b u ild in g . 
Secure outside storage. Ample on site p a rk in g , lf d e s ire d e s ta b ­ lished business m ay be purchased separately. 
Attains, Heifer I McBride lac. M a H rs 
733-8182 

34? ACRES. 25 m i.*.of S A . Alas casa C a..Creek, access county 
G O O D road around property I 549 4483 days; ofter 6,1-564 222/ 

6o G O O D H U N T IN G A C R E S 
In large ranch, worlds at game, , 
11185 dawn paym ent and 5184.85 I pet mo Coit 734 4548___________ 

S35o PER ACRE 
29.78 acres tra c t. Leakey Area- 
H e a v ilv w o o d e d . 
G ood 

19% DOWN 
B2-B1. 14 acres. 1ooo OAKS 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
225-2198 
A N Y TIM E 
7)2-4951 b^W N TiiiW N IH35 
Corner of access, good exposure, 
•asy accessibility, shop or attice. 
MAC RE AL ESTATE 828 252) 

EXCELLENT BUSINESS 
LOCATION 
1443 W H ildebrand, inst off IH-1o. 

248 BFFICt i f M t FOH LtA8f 

P r e s h o ioT I 7 8 7 H cT T 7 a ? F 
In grow ing N.W sartor Reasona­ ble rates. G reater S A. Burier* 
Assoc. 
842$ N.W. IH-1o. 444-3ooo. 
«~TL"a m o Vi e i g h t $ . --------- 
4 room suite Reasonable R .L. 
Stewart, 82o-1231. 514o Broadway. 
N Ei r 
S Tft P O R t: S I o A D * AV 
AR EA ANO LOOP 41o. For lease, s m a ll o ffic e , p a n eled, u til. pd. 
Answering service avail, a l addi­ tional cost. For fu rth e r into colt 
34 ) 7294 o r 832-3o1o eves. 
Office space, NC, furn ished , Im mediate occupancy, utilities paid. 
G at* C la rk. 826 H S I. H e n ry S. 
M iller Co. Realtors. 
6 F F IC E i P A g r o r 
W A ft- 
E HOUSE Suitable to r any type business 12o4 West Ave. Inquire 
12oo west Ave. 734-14o1 
O F F IC E SPACE A V A IL A B L E 
Two one-man suites available tm mediately in tho beautiful Rohde 
Building O verlooks Turtle Creek 
G olf Course, ne a r Mea C enter, 
IM 18. Loop 41o and USAA In the center of everything Coffee bar, 
X e ro x , lo m to r tai s e rv ic e , fre e pe rkin g In q u ire today. ROHDE 
REALTORS, 
413* 
Gardendale, 
*46-5311. 

 n o 
H U N T IN G 
A C R E S 
$12* 5o per acre Owner financed al 7 H S simple interest with SN down paym ent Coli 734-7464 

GUEST RANCH 
*54 Acres and equipment tor sue cesstul o p e ra tio n of one o f the finest re so rt ranchos in Texas 
ERNEST SOARD 
VARNER REALTY 
654 4344 AN YTIM E 

HAS FIREPLACE 
I* alm ost now. rock ond cedar. 
1 near P ip* Creek on 4 aero*, all fenced, has several out buildings. 
' *4o.ooo 
EOWARO'S RANCH RE A LT Y 
*45 84oo_______________ 1-535-4544 

„ 
. 
„ , 
. , EP 
. 
; H I L L C O U N T R Y IO A C R E S 
'T A C # , Trod*. Coastal. Hunting 
B e a u tifu l h ills ond tre e * S3S6 

5 ACRES noar B lanco. *5,995. liberal financing by owner. I 
534 oo76______________________ _ 
3o acres near C alaveras Lake 
Wet!, could be farm ed JON down balance is years at BN. 821 5471. 
S tro u d e r N e ls o n R e a lty 
4o ACRES noar Pleasanton with b ru s h , m o s o u ite , d o o r, and 
Javolina $55o per acre Owner 
Financed Cat! TEX MAC R E A L­ 
TY S A 224-4o41, night 1 549 3387 

 h u n ttn g -fls o dow n- 
$1oo17 , Quick possession. Term s flexible. m onthly Em ory Jones- 734-4*27 
PIPE CREEK 
5 acres w ith 18oo sq ft home. 
HIU COUNTRY 

Spacious night club, teen sa ft, la rg e gam e room , a il new tix- tures. newly remodeled, 349-o478 
4>oo SO FT heated office or war chou se sp a ce on a p p ro x . i ’ > ocres Zoned '"J " Additional out­ side covered storage. E xce lle nt for contractors. Easy access to IM 
IO 
ReaMy for occupancy 
124-9421 

Beanie 
Owens 

Co 
1oo1 NE LOOP 41o Office 
- I 
OFFICE B U U M 
Texas M e s q u ite B B G C h ip s Northwest, I story, 12,ooo sg.ft. on p ro c e s s in g c o m p o n y a n d a ll free w ay. Tenant can fit to own 
1 re la te d e q u ip m e n t F ra m e re -ip la n s ond specifics P re vio u sly sid e n ca b e in g used to r o ffic e occupied by bank. Any reasona­ ble arrangem ent considered w ith tenant. Call Cart Bohn, 

PRESTIGIOUS 

 space, storage and operation of business. On o.41 A c re , at 245 
Seale Rd , IOO ft west of N W W. 
White Rd. For inform ation, call 

 qualified 
Agen!, 341-9191 

SO ACRES * 
Oak ira ** and beautitul view lust a few m inutes north Call David 
Nisbet, 824-o154. 
RANCH MARKET 
455-43o4, 234 51o4 

 cabin. $7*s-ac. O wner financed bobbie Anderson G R EIN CAMP 
BELL 
R EALTY, SA . 458 5131 
I 379-3634. 
______________ 
BANDERA COUNTY 74 ACRES 
Upper Sabinal Canyon, water 
JJS. LEIGHTON, REALTORS 
VonBerpoot. Tx 
513-444-3*oo 
BOERNE AREA 
«o ACRES with fin * 1-story hem# tor country My lug $39oo par acre 
Coli Shirley Johnson 831-9384 tor details 124-o31) 
CQUK CO. REALTORS 

 down p aym ent. S S 4.lt per mo 
Financed by owner C«ri 734-4S48 
HILL COUNTRY 
4o ACRES: hills, spring tad tank 
78 ACRES: oak covered bitts 
IO ACRES: heavy tim ber, good hunting 
7o ACRES: cabin, bitts, oaks 
2$8 ACRES: oak covered h ills , s p rin g ted ta n k , c a b in , pons, w alls, c lo t* in. O w ner w it! con 
Sider trode 
JERRY WAGNON B ASSOC 
81B3361 
344-7714 N it** 
H ILL 
NEAR 

BOERNE 

C o ntractor's D ream Home on 4 vc view New 14x74, tastefully fur acres 4-3-7. fo rm a l liv in g and nisned, I bedroom 2 bom F X A dining room s, fa m ily room w ith Mobile Horn*, on targe tree stud tire p lg c t. gam e room w ith wet ded lot. control bool air. 12x12 sun bor office, bobby room. serened deck, ref* leer afer pius many ex n o rth , o v e rlo o k in g s w im m in g ; Ire s Sub divisio n has o xcoilen l pool w ith la rg e p a tio T ucke d p riv a te p o o l, p o rk s and b oa t uway behind trees, a site! bino launching fa cilitie s Must see Ie 
JO i R b r stables, antique c a rt 
! or other hobbies Sacrifice price i l l * OO* OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
' UNTIL SOLO Stagecoach Hills at th* end at P ra irie M ountain Dr 
#48 21*7, 349-2667 
B ILL PRICE REALTY 
IS MIN NORTH ON IM IO 
TREE CBVortd lots with m obile homes Chain link fence, covered 
< one ret* patios, carport, storage hides l l yr financing M f 2*o7 or 
1-751 4554 
BILL PRICE R E ALTY 

MOBILE HOME SITES 
* I or I acre with waler and elec 
In c , paved roods Some w afer fro n t Near Randolph $54 down 
M f mourn Owner financed Move on th# next day 
Jim 
L ie r 

(rectal* A bargain at *34,344! 
DAV OR N ITE 455-4448 

I tot at H illto p Lake. com plete resort city, w ith 5 le k **, lots at fishing end skiing, gelt horses peel, and lending strip 55ooo Coil 
445-3334 
. , . 
LOI in 
C anyon 
L a ke 
H ill* . | f S B f i l l u n it No J Ook i, pave d re a d , w a ta r end e le c tric ity 
I B lock 
•rom boat ramp, swim m ing pool privrtoggos »»* 4244 

'OOO ocro t. )o m inutes N orth et 
S A w ith sm a ll to ke *, flo w in g creeks, w ater w e lls and Sectu sum Now $475 per acre with goad 
Term s. L o r r y M ocune. ow n e r agent 
494-52)9 or evenings 
ISA 5741 
GALE r e a l e s t a t e 
A b so lu te ly F a n ta s tic , tin e IOO peres with g m ountain top ham*, tor untlor $4I,$oo w ithin un hour t d riv e end i ii buy it, o th e rw ise b uy m in e . 
J o h n 
P h iip a ti owner B roker, 342 4oo1 Brokers 

4 bedroom. 3 bath reek home en I acres. Good w ell. oarden spot, good aloe* tor horses 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis. Roader tit»viny i«» .psi 
S A 334-7171 

BOERNE 

Manna Southwest Realty 
MEDINA LAKE 
CANYON LA KE —BV OWNER 
5 acres on paved rood overlook mg take. near boot launch Lots at tre e s , w a te r e le c tr ic ity w ill divide, finance *44 2117,444 14)' 

CANYON LAKE 
•H ILLS ID E LOT - BE A U TIFU L view $1444 Easy Terms 
•La rg e Lot 
T reat Near Lake 
And bool ram p 
Eosy Term * 
Copt. E. Jones 
______ »23 A in ______ 
C anyon L a k e , new L a k e v ie w nome, S45,8oo Weekend home, 
$15o64 LAKEH OM E R E ALTY 
I-6BMI96. j 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B IL E L O T 
16,444 sa ft fantastic view Pool 
. boat rom p near bv 11464, $16o down. 71 ma a l $21.4) a p r •% j 
M E L . M IL L E R m i l l * 
: F o r re n t M e d in a L ake P ebble 
B e am , w a te rfro n t w ith dock, 2 : 
. s to ry a lt else m e hom e. I be I dreams. 2 baths, fireplace large 
1 den, ever look mg 4o terrace and lake. $4oo mo pius utilities I Yr teas* Beg P o w ell I ;» I-I3 8 ) or offer 5 $9$• 1361. 

" L AK I f R G N T AF~$STm £ N > ~ 
CANYON LA K E RY OWNER 
Loom this furnished, room y. 1166 
5 to 16 aero M om entos. $ m in .] »« t» d u p le * A ir cpndilipRO d, j tro u t BKU - e and 1464. pottier tm 
*»op* to wptor, carport IIM BPT 
: available phi »•«* otmtios u j b i f + m 
* 

•MOUNfAIN TIP NORTH# 
A ttp g g o n n g v ie w fo r m iio i,: cover od w ith oaks I* KXI 696-369), 
*44-6777 
I 

M8VNTAilfV!EW NW 
SI Acro$, 31 Acre* or 2o Acres. 4 rn ties from UTSA, on paved road 
Good terms Owner finance Coed 
O rrick 
Dun Smith B roker 
715-666o 
HS 2 oak cove re d a e ro *, n o w o ve rlo o kin g s p rin g tad taka, t i wells, fenced, smalt <raftage, t i l 
North Owner, 484 1757 

Oak Must NUDI 

 one od CBS I', m Building i 
497 )436 pc I - l l I t i 

W ater view tat* w ith w ider and e le c tric ity o v o n a h ie 
P riv a te launch or to and pork Owner tin oncpd with low down and $36 aor mon lh Jim L oot, *64-3644. 
MUST S IL L BV OWNER Mouse rn Siesta Shores on Lake Travis I blocks from w a te r. 12) OOO Ari fu rn itu re in clude d O wner w ilt finance at I i* . C ell I I I l i l t . 
Ext 263 or 6$o ll|$ 
Q U A L IT Y HO M E O v e rlo o k in g 
Canyon Lake, 19oo $q F t tu rn 
S aero H illto p Pool P rin cip le s 
! only $9$,666 S II-699 74)4_______ 
RETIREMENT SPECIAL 
NEAR SEG UIN, 3 golf cour$o$ and c o u n try c lu b 
R iv o r p rivile g e s fish. swim , b ea lin g m c * 2 b e d ro o m hom e, la rg o co m e r tot- fro * * , id eal garden set! MORE! Jlf$t $1o,15o 
CARLOS BRAW NER R E ALTY 
179-SM7 
SEGUIN. TEX 
SQI | 
Kingsbury P Q 
Box M g 
I 5 o ir ific e 1 Lots Woodcreek. Hor shoe Boy Beet offer 63) $6o4 
UPPER LA KE Pc AO D 
S E G U IN M C Q U EE N Y ARRA i l l Pl Beautiful W aterfront 
Big family hem* a n d o r hem* and m com* High tecatien, mony ex­ tra * Private area Low $44 t 
714 6o15. 494-4437, *994o!) 
•(U L A N MAC KELLER 
Realtor j 
W A N TC O A jlfAL PROPERTY™ 
Aransas Past or Port Aransas 
DOUGLAS ANDERSON 
M i G ordian 
713134) 

68 Ac CastrovEta Ana 
Furnished 3-3’ s-t, guest nous* 
Earn stall, pans Owner te rry 
(214445 
7341744 
SM 4439 
W *T S 9 N » SPN REALTORS 

1oQAC.U VERNIA 
Nice nous#, 4 out amidin is, fru it orchard. Wail, stock tank, d o c k ta sandy learn H ot xv#r ythlisg JOE 
VAJDOS. Reader O I)) 7(42225 
Karnes C i t y __________________ 

IJS AC 7o MI EAST " 
J N M I, creek, oaks, native grass 
828 o445 
7)41744 
44* o47) 
WATSON 4 SON REALTORS 

3 ACK LAKE an 64 t r o t c o v e re d a c re s in 
Guadalupe County Goad fencing, w aler tin *, tra ile r house, ba m , and carrat* Owner financed 
U M I k i w i at iiu s 
S A. 447 1154. 447-1333 
42 p e rt lim * oak hills Joint hug* ra n in dear turkey sits gar aero. 
Liberal term s 18941444 
2,44o ACRE RANCH SOUTH 
Many tanks, im provem ents 
Riverfront cmd landing strip 
Much gam*, awner c a rry 
• • • n u raga a San S28I141 
46 A cres, *1.366 an a cre , N ear 
Ptyjne, * 7 4 * 7 ( o __________ 

Modern thro# bedroom two bath 
I ra ck ham # 
Sa* m il* * at H ill 
Country tram your tro n t parch 
' includes daub)* ra r oarage, P e­ ri*, wark shop. and apod walt All 
; this with $ acres at land taerated 4 miles from Roar na auf Sister date 
Rood 

2o9 ACMES 
R edUtlfUl riv e r Ira n i P ric e d to 
SOR ERNEST SOARD 
VARNER REALTY 
436-4344 AN YTIM E 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Roans* 349 3641 
S A 7347171 
B re w s te r C o unty ra n c h . 14oo a cre s on H w y 9o, m u le d e e r, mountains, volley* and grass, i m in e ra ls 4ooo it a ir S trip 
I fa m ily o w n e rs h ip to r p a st 75 year* I at a kind offering! Price 
$95 par p e r* Im m ediate passes 
Sian CPN A grow n ar J. B eaner 
$13 33* 55)1, 

BULVERDE ROAD 
FIRST TIM E O FFER ED 
Approx 34 acre* with DOO ti trpn tag* aa Cibola Creek Completely fenced, e a kt, elm end bersim man trees left an front I acres to provide cover tor wild Rte Excel lent hunting fishing Owner ca rry with Ilk . to 39S dawn Al 6 V tar 
UP Ie 26 years $2,666 an acre 15 m in tram N orth Star Mutt Ask far JOHN FLOURNOY, 341 /LSI, 
493-2447, 341-6394. REALTORS 
JOHN FLOURNOY ING i v awner, 7 acres geed farm land, 
' j mi N el Boerne an deed end rd, very seduBeE. 1-249 3276 
CHICKENS. HOGS 
ANO CALVES con be raised en this I i acres L a '*# 2 bedroom. 2 bath home. tm 3$ near Davie* 
RENFRO R EA LTY 
____________ 42 2 3 343 ___________ 
C M WAHL REALTV 
Goad selection Form s Ranchos 
I 379 *49) t 179 >719 
M fg in. Tx 
Cupsful hay. te rtn iia d dry stack 
BARGAIN 
Polk et, 
I $49-447) 

COUNTRY 
K E R R V ILLE 
4 bedroom, 2 bath. lo de* Tennis c o u rt 
On 2$ a c re s o r m a r# : 
5164 ,446 1 3443471_____________ j 
HILL COUNTRY CANYON LK 
I 2) gcras an Hwy 2473 n#gr $ A : and New R rauntelk o verlo oking la k e 
L e ts af g a m *, na e r a t* te n e ts between la rg e ranches. spring ted tank, goad Ira # * and g ra ss S m all daw n, a w n e r fin , oncad 4941727, 494193)________ ! 

HUNTING I CATTLE 
: Today investm ent for fom prrow 
Oaks, aim . and some scattered 
I cedar E xcellent posture tar cat tie, alder ha m * w ith E d w a rd s wait, secluded, yet only 29 miles 
; fro m Leap 41o. A ssum able fin 
: enc mg available 445 acres ai *55o per acre ar w ill consider cle ar property ar secured nates tor equity. 
DM Inciters tu tu s 
SA 447-11$4, 447-13)3 

IR 35 NBRTR LANO 
49 Acres an 35-North at FM481. 
M il* south at N o rth c liff Geed cash price Mer* it a ch a n t* tar th# future. Ted Smith, 454 o755 or 
M I *191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

95 • 
Ir r ig a te d e c r a t, ta m s d e v e lo p e d g ra d a n d M e d in a 
River, awner financed 921 OIH 

 l l I r r t g a t t d F a r m a c re s 
Near riv e r, wet! furnished, $45o dwn paym ent $1oo 91 per me 
Owner financed CRH 7347944 
K e rrv ille l l ] p e r* exotic gam e hunch axis deer, tallow dear, tike dear. blackbuck antelope, mop 
Hen sheep Oepr proof tone* SIM acre, goad term s 
Owner 511 347 5449_________ 
K e rr v illa s 5o acre Ranch-retring mils w ith gushing springs Lake with bulb and catfish clear water 
Oeer ond tprkgy $5*o pgr ocrg- inter est em# payments available 
Owner $11 H I 5o*9 
L A N D C L O S * TO C IT Y E ast, 
Paved Read CALL 441-31/o 
Monett lumber Co 
(FA R M 4 RANCH R g p tlg riI 
Dependable Since 193$' 
447 N lo rz o m o ru 431 IM I 

CAU 33$ 1644 

, Fireplace, separate garage and workshop $43,ooo 
PIPE CREEK R E A LT Y 49S-3343 
- RANCH LANOS— 
Land For Aft Purposes 
Ne 7 Fltntstone, 7I2H 
3449934 
R E S ID E N T IA L LO T S , IO o r 
Mere, new m -C ity developm ent, builder s special $2*-4$o7. 
REQUA REALTY CO 

SIMCO REALTY 
4*484oo Bonetta* 493-1796 

SECLUSION 
ON YOUR VERY ON CREEK 
I S E CLU D E D ACRES 3 sm a ll 
HOUSES 
S O L ID L Y 
CON ! 
STRUCTSD. ONE C O M P LE TE 
! and c h q rm in q 
2 o th e rs w ith plum bing. F R E S H LY P A IN TE D j EX TER IO RS . BOTH SIDES OF 
7oo feet el B E A U T IF U L WATER 
MARVELOUS buy Q uickdnve lo 
Son Antonio. $44,oo4 
HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
P O Box 584, Bearn*. Tx. 7(4o4 
I 
($13) 149 I t 14 ar $17 44o7 i t l l S E C T IO N S *11o 
T#xos 
Panhandle Don G C ockrell Co 
Memphis, Tx 844 359-2911 
SOUTH O f S A ., F e n ce d ond 
I crossed fenced, 94.71 acre*. 54/ 
Ft. irrigation w*H, ) hay barns. I ground tanks, mast all in cuitivo lio n , 3 bedroom s, fire p la ce , all electric house, whiny roam, chain rink lane* and fru it tre a t ROSE 
DAY REAL ESTATE 921-7244 

 ujan wggtjOK 735^876 waiter p. semite Realty 
Naylor Realty Inc m i l IH lllflfT D V 
333-497) 
653 1254 
5)3 H44 P A iM f 6 tfic « SPPC9 Od ll 

OPPORTUNITY 
**oo sq.ft masoi 
Approx S444 sq.ft m asonry bldg in dow ntown Boerne, new roof. wired for industrial equip. (S II) 
S37-4SSS. 
--------------H f f M t S l F ie t -------------- 
B e a u tifu l b ric k borne in g re a t 
. location, oarfgcf fo r hom a-ettic* operation 3-3-2 offtct. all paneled 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 ISH 

HWY. 9o WEST re *, lu st outside of 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

• • m v ? 
Deportment 
M o rt, 

SOUTH TEXAS RANCHES 

H ighly im proved 1444 acres ranch, *185 par CKI * 
1484 A e r**, excellent hunting, 
S ad wells, fences, pens 4o4 
744 acres in bultell orbs* 

H ILL COUNTRY 

Hipriiy im proved 744 acres in beam * Hamas, pans, walls, lank*. 

344 Acres, on in coastal Neor 
Hwy I t youth 

CO, 
REALTORS 
453 4446 

STOCKDALE l l * Acres, 3' > miles North off 133-, 
* bedroom, 3 ', buffi P retty fair j aid house, born, pen t, goad ac­ cess F ar S ol* and Finance by , ow ner M ig h t de ta m * tra d in g 
49S 89o$; 495 )24$ 

2 STORY ROCK NOME ~ 

147 acres, lu st outside af 1484. 
Only $1,7oo par acre including im provem ent* 

Adams, Heifer I McBrMe lac. H a b ra 
733-o182 

DNY OO NEST 
Cote, ;> xvi nail, party ream 
Fully equipped, awner loon 
,838-4445 
7)4 1764 
534 4439 
WATSON * SON REALTORS 
L A N D w ith a re a ! c o m m e rc ia l lo c a tio n a n d p o te n tia l in O ld 
: Helotes Mony tre a t with running creek. 434-2)4), 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

RNPAR AIRPORT 
Office, warehouse 4,o55 sq tf fe­ tal 4)oo air conditioned. $14,75o 
Owner Corry 
Cst) W B 
Kiatter 
341-9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

NEAR SAC 
I Incom e p ro p e rty , fu lly lapsed 
Roam to r expansion 
P lenty of p a rkin g C a n te d L M O at* far details. MI-9191, N ile* weekend* 
I 8)4 SOS) 
Naylor Realty Inc 
— n i i f u r ---------------- 
3 units, colonial W h itt colum n* 
Summer porches Easy rant 
I 
MAC REAL ESTATE (28 2521 

o gT r e r - f l n r w > A fc T r i6 u $ » , m a so n ry end m e ta l 
New and 
[BPM, 1294 sa ft in HW lux aflat) 
Ruby W right, 344-2MI, M I 5847 
BOB JONES, BBALTORS 

Grocery, Retail or Of- A fin! 8,ooo Sa Ft. Re- J ce fitly remote Ltd for V 
Winn s Htod ln pius o parking lot. Nogaltfos a at blit IH3S 
O w n e r — 
• 
8 2 2 - o o 9 2 
• 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
1266 sa ft al ta lo n space Goad exposure and parking, eau W.B. 
Krafter, MI-9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

A U CITY AREAS 
W A R E H O U S E S , A L L S IZ E S , 
LOW RENTALS. JACK ALTER 
M2-4I51 

AVAHABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
______ 
A ll sizes I* m eet any need Alt i m i i t areas of S A Ernest Sabi* Cam mer clat prog 149 )439 

I* b l m s a m e * space on new 
N orth Expressw ay noar a irp o rt. 
Reasonable rotas, covered a k r , btl conveniences. 
Me MS* 
Weekdays. 
___________ 
1*1* io n P e d ro , 4 o ffic e s , 739 

252 tm on B o m a 

HAVE R W 
" a ld e r b e m a t. B b t* n e e d in g repairs John B. Recall, b ro ke r 
4o8 Gunter bibb 124-7431 634 6623 

W I IH I BTA!! HABIB 
■ xe cuhve'de sirasT ar J hom e an 56-44 a cre s G ra z in g land, w ith stock bands w ithin 24 m l. of S A Haply ta M rs P rudy fir athel ton PO Box S ill* Mouv- fan. TX 77651 713-233-444) fx a c u tlv a ae rn as. I or I bedroom ham * on 54-44 ecra t, G razing lend with stack bonds within 34-miles a f S.A. R a e ly I t M r* . P ru d y 
B r e tr itr fa n , F O. B ox 5)336. 
Houston. Tx 77651 711-113-4641 individual wants ta buy o iio t in com# b ro b trty . co nd ition unim> 
Dorton* B, Areek p o . D raw er K. 
Portfond, Tx 76374. 
J ar I fo m ily w a n lt if p r iv a i* buyer. 453-5189 evenings 
W *WT e 6 b i l T H T A f B o n 
M AJO R R IV E R 
P R IN C IP A L S 
ONL#Y loge UNI SI. Orange, Tx 

(713)883-2819; 88) 7411 
W C T-I 
YO l u V fa ir re t fro m 
* * F4bra»gx#s 
454-4231 

256 REAL ESTATE HM D 
- u5TR!""l\ "Mrsi 
Man*. Max 6 yrs. Buy nates lass tbon •% with discount 

B E A C O N C IR C L E E A S T 
N e a r S o n P e d ro a n d n o w 
N o r t h E x p r t s b w a v . 1234 s q f t. o f f ic e w a r e h o u s e s p o c e 342 2934 f r e r e L W k « $ i n » » UcnHan, 
J POO to ff 14)4 Cincinnati Ave 

 r n m m m a m 

T S I o R j o m , i Aa W I, i l l ! JUA 
. . . 2J1* CASTROVILLE RO. 
4))-1644 Norm an G rim m 733 847* l r r f b b 6 o Ni$ g b u n frr I l y i n , 1 
Nanr city. W ith garden, fishing 
E leaden! ig< a fw T iu T lain dealer. *R** BUS month 42) 4947 

 f r a l T ' h* ° * ’ I J T ’ fern ,s^Td-riorriiaosi l l ! o*4o i £ l M I 
Qndo,P" 
° r ~ I W a S i ACk l A n D bauble wide 

THY F r# d # ric k *b u r# fed ba* of rice spec* and covered and un­ covered yard space far reg*,. 
M i /111 

 f U L L V E q u ip p e d , 

O PT 
IT V X K O ? rf * Local investor broker, must set! p rim * p ro p e rtie s , 38 a e r * * ort U5T6 

 tuVtedon * " M a tro x V ifre y " u ra l w C eeS bvW e c ify ^m ris , oh 
•wu,bu un 11 ss acre* entay ru ra l 
* . a i t i i i i * H u . _ hying in tbM 3888 ta ft ham * neor b e a m * 
T hree bed roo m s, tw o fireplaces m ony b u ilt in extras 
Strawn by appointment 

BOERNE RAUCH KEALEY 
CHH Lewis, Realtor 
B ranle 249 3641 
S A. 224-7171 
SU T W Ib L A N b r W f r iG l'. ' H s 
Acres of Coastal w ith ig rg t oak 

 uttrihet, riv e r front $118,ooo Nam* your fa rm *! 
John 
Phtipoff i j i M m 

 l l FLUS ACRES IN 
Lean V a lle y , E v e rt fro n ta g e , 
<»n*d apt and office, priced right 
M I 44$$ 
REALTORS 
413-1619 
, 
^ 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
HENESEY 
AGENCY 

 w * V g c *e t s * I o *p a*vTm an I V t? *«*• * <-•«*•. bulW lng af IU W 

TEXAS VETS 
14 ACRES wast Guadalupe Coun­ ty. Rood fro n ta g e w a fe r tin * , dark tell. 
16 ACRES agst B e xa r C ounty 
Bogo frontage, water line, sandy lam* 

 in n nu- - - - - - - - 
I i MUSS SNO WIW* 

' 
- . i l M f l ' honed, lounge tor lease 2)3-7*49 
6 * * a g e w iVh f f l W 
O V T - 
TION FOR RENT, *61 N orth Zar 
(am ora 433-141) 
W 5 T T IIT U i t o t ATT’T S T ln 
Town! 1346 par rn# Proven tor to veers M u rry! 3561 C uU bra Rd 
7)5-6941, H ilts 494 7777 
— m i T r T 
H 
^ i n — 
1566 I t M IL IT A R Y DR 13! 1)42 c O 
T i r n w r 4«i w C v p r.is : suitable far TV re p a irs , Uphbl story 
Aute parts t i ra m * 
734-3276 r ig 'W t f i m m i In n»w 
Helotes Shopping Confr 
W EIS 
GARBER 
PR OPERTIES 
; 346-3714.___________ 
NW Prim e Shopping Center > 
Wast H ildebrand 
Vane* Jackson 
Bass* Rood 
Reasonably Pi Iced! 
715 6941 ar 494-7777 a ra * e.aeo s a lt O a » ..n .d Tg'r dW Fl f T ' o n T W T I t H b U f I p r in tin g b u 4 in ts t1 P ric e d fa r q u ic k ta la 
D F 
633-6611, 616-3676 

34 x i i , J bedrooms, dan, Btning 
'to * * F btly carpeted Na pets. 
J* J* "JS; Bills on id $16o de#usiI brian 
De. 
474 7518, 
BY»ljV ' 

481 IfM H tM H H M I 

 m a, 7)3-9498 NW 

Alam o U q ll, gN krancv, ( f ib ma bitts bd aurei Al 3 Odeon Lana, 
7)55)41 
________ 

APTS. FU R N IS H E D 
SHS. m a n RD J 

Themen. Roam# Tx Large sores p rra rn front, warebpue* in roar 
I l l ) 415* 
H F sAN- H E W 
J if f ! j in n ap 

R IT T M A N RO- AT IN 1I 

T H E F A I R D A L E 

6 6 o o F A I R D A L E 

6 5 6 ) OO I 

A P T S . F U R N I S H E D 

 spaces starting at t ic aer sa 
S A U N D E R S CON Gary 
SHS. 
BA and B v 

11 oo6 5Q FT STRIP CENT BR 
Choice re la tio n M odern I y rs. ' 
*64 7171 
433-1347 a id O w ners m u tt sail $««.6# o ffF F f C T T W I f lT O D T l N a r iiT tJ T e ik . 
B ttum g. 
4*4 1)39, Sid# Noar a irp o rt !j»7 ta ft jim 
»4)-6»»6 
Via REALTORS M * 4374 

 rn fro i x pet i i m w * lease, com petitive rental*, airpo rt c a ll i i i 1 4 * 6 grog. Coit M 12)4! 

BAND ERA and IV E R S RD 

H I D D E N M E A D O W 

S9S9 W U R Z B A C H 

6 o 4 -3 3 1 1 
•W 
-s o J TH r U B r iH M i6 t»T 
Iff) deposit, 6M bit* at ( l l 6248 
IN IMI i x r a i i i K iw i 
CAK i i i la b * 
T 

I M 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- N 
E 
W 
S momm Mm 

 m 
H 
H m 
& m m 
B m a m m r n r n r n r n 

2 LINES 

I O 
DAYS 

S r if P 

, m r 

N O N COMMERCIAL.! 
J*. a * * * * * * rn M. m rn rn 

W IT H O U T 
R A IT C H A N G E 

A 
A r n 
« r n . J 
* 
* l im 
2 
Q U ICK RESULTS! 

RENTALS 

 r n 
4o1 

N O R T H W 
O O D 
APARTMENTS 
FROM 

$ 1 6 5 to $3 1 o 

■ m p^grre-tflm M 
M M M B M M IJ B M 
4om m rtew ts-oii™ 
4o4 apartments unfurli 

HOME OF THE 
BIG OAKS 

OPEN 
Sat. 1o a.m. to 5 p. 
Sun. I p.m. to 5 p.i 
8315 N. VA N D IV ER 
826-5531 
OFF LOOP EIO N.E. 

 islcvic9|c3|c9fc3fei|n|cs}e2|c9|ca|t 
N O RTHEAST AREA 

FIND * IAPPINESS TOO AT 

 c Herrin 
GARDEN APT. 
^ 

VV.is .onflt-.iui neighbors /* a d e a n ypciooui environ.- r- 4 
J * re! t-chnq coit m aintenance and pf id* _ 

Located back to back to Perrin P laza Sh o p p in g Center off 
J A 

7 
Perrin Bedel Rd. 
Q , 
* 
65.N-7122 
J 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

M O M 

* 4 6 . Weekly 

* 1 5 2 • Monthly 

S t u d i o , 1 - 2 b e d r o o m s 

N O L E A S E 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3223 N.W. loop 41o 
"p i h tw M c t lm a l D tw tw n l and m i n i road S I O " 
342-4o29 

E n j o y the g e n t le p a c e of th e 
B o a r d w a lk 
S p e n d y o u r a f t e r ­ n oo n s c hatting with frie n d s d u rin g a g a m e of b rid ge . C lo se to W o n ­ d e r la n d o r C e n t r a l P o r k M a ll. 
C atch a b u s to a nyw h e re . Join o u r c om m u n ity w h e re all a g e s sh a re the good life 
3534 W est A v e n u e 349-42o3 
B a r r y O lllin g w o te r Co. 
F o r c o u p le o r s in g le s o nly. S S I 
Cincinnati. 
C A L L 
734-2255 or 
735-o532. 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E v id e n c e s , 1-2 a n d 3 b e d ro o m s, turn or u nfu rn 533-13oo.__________ 

 ii3 3 F u rn ish e d I B e d ro o m Apts, 
A ir, C all A n y D a y or E v e s. 
A M • 9 P M 333-1151. 
7:3o 

*98 SO F u rn ish e d I B e d ro o m A pt 
A ir, 2 e lk s K e lly. C all A n y D a y O r 
N ight. 7 a rn - IO p m. 922-o434. 

9-6; Sunday 1-6 
1 Bedroom $15o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 

All Utilities Paid 
Large play grounds, Basketball Goal, Shul fie board, Lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools 
Near 
Brooks AF J., State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course. 
T r u ly t h * b e s t r e n t a l v a l u e in t o w n . 

2 7 1 5 L a s s e s 
3 3 3 - 5 3 3 9 

F u rn ish e d I b e d ro o m apartm e nt, all b ills pard, *165. 4441 Sa n P ed ro. 
341-2222, C E N T U R Y 21 R o y Teal, 
R e a lto rs_______________________ 

F u rn ish e d or u n fu rn ish e d M o b ile 
H o m e 2 b ed roo m . *75 dep, *135 m o , 4 m o lease 423-3457 
G a r a g e Apt, new ly re d e co rate d , air, cou p le s o nly 732-5359 
3519 6 R A N T A V E ort B lanco, el ficiency, centro! air, carpeted, no child ren or pets 
B ills paid. 
732-3211. 

J u s t R e m o d e le d . *85, 3 r o o m s turn B ills pd 448-o2o4 
K e l- L a c 82o7 L a n d in g , c e n tr a l air, 3-2 b ed roo m s, *2oo, b ills paid. 
473-oo72; 341-4113. 
L a r g e I B e d r o o m A p t 
F u r n ., w ater pd N e w ly renovated , a v a il 
M a r c h I s l t i l * m o 
22 5 -3 o 3 *, 
828-2o74 otter 4 a n d w e ek en d s 
L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S ' 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N . 
E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H I L L S A P T S 
2931 E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
514 88o8 

S O U T H A M -m y i 
■ o w A M I H M I N T * V - 
* 

• X***4 Drink Club fgplrties e Gym line free lin n s* 
(losers 
• trouty Strep 
• Sovno Whirlpool e Iroms (ouch 3 pools e frost f rtf rlttrigorotors 

• IO Bmutrr to ■ 
Downtown 

4o32 I. Southern* 
337-5242 

I A 2 ■ • dre a m 
A ft*. 

AUL BIUS PAID 
FURN. a UNFURN. 

 family & Adult Section* 
2 Pool* A Playground 

$ 1 8 5 . t o $ 2 5 5 . 

PAINTERS M IU 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

L o o k in g tor lo w er rent. E m p lo y e d e ld e rly w idow , n e a r U S A A , a n d h ospitals, m u st h a v e car, no pets 
A94-o73* 

M E + R O H O U Sfe d S w N T O W N 
M O D E R N E F F IC I E N C Y - F U R N . 
112o to *135 213 4 T H S T 224-7331 

$12o Mo. Bills PU 
I B e d ro o m e fficie n c y, air, 711 E l­ dorado, n e a r IH 3 S a n d W. Th eo 
I 534-7*7* it 7 "N olaie n, 5 ro om s, bath, g o r- oge, air, w ater pd. N o pets. *12o 
I 3M -3*«» 
N e a r F I Sa m , I b e d ro o m , n ice 
: clean, carpet, air. *1oo w ater pd 
; Stun Poole. 495 3721, 494 *221. 
: -------------- N e A h f V s a m --------------- 
! N ic e e fficie n c y apt carp et, a ir, w a le r g a s pd *95 124-9169 

NEAR SAC 
E ttic, a n d I B d rm s, turn. *1oo. • 
*11o P o p la r St A p ts 223-4495 n o l e A s if A E d u in e b -------- 
N e a r Ft. Sa m a n d d ow ntow n E t tic A p ts B ills Pard. *19 per mo. 
227-47o2 19*4 E H ou sto n 

NORTHEAST NO HASE 
A t t r a c t iv e 1 - b e d r o o m , d i s h ­ w ash e r, sh ag, peel B ills od S U S a nd up *25 D e o IO M in Ft S a m 
121o E I S E N H A U E R eft H a r r y 
W u rib a c h 822 *195 p a n ~a m a F a r T m e n t s ------- 
54o2 B IE N V I L L E D R ort W erdner rd M o d e rn I B ed roo m . 451 2441 
PECAN VALLEY 
GON Club Apts. 
345o L SOUTHCROSS 
3339o2o 

• UNDA APTS. • 

2 3 3 H O W A R D 

I blk. M etro po litan H o s ­ 

 pital, M e d ic a l P ro fessio nal 

B ld g , 
B aptist 
H o spital 

 o n d M o m B ank, I a n d 2 

 b e d ro o m apts. S ta ffin g at 

$ 1 7 5 Adults N o pats. 

226-8492 

P riv a te i o h o si- Gnu sto ra ge s in ­ gle, near Loop 41o a n d 2o1 
B ills pd 1125 a v a ila b le Is l 142 o22o 
~u Queen Ann Court, 111* bills pard 19o9 W. Su m m it 1125. water pard. Irvin g, b e d ro o m , bath, k it­ chen A upo m tm en t 824-o334 

CPA ! C O R P O R A T IO N 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedim. 
Apts. 
AU Electric 
K itchens 
Outside Storage. N S. Schools. 
4411 Gardendale 
696-4892 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Un­ furnished. 

11721 Parliament 
349-3149 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Effic. to 3 bdrm. Townhouses with fireplaces 
12 floor plans. 
Adult & Family Areas. 

6623 Callaghan Rd. 
696-329o 

, 3 L 

 a p a r t mr n 

EFFICIENCIES 
1-2-3 Bedroom Flats to 3 
Bedroom Townhouses 

3815 Parkdale 
696-3499 

THE GREENHOUSE 
I Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 
72oo S. Presa 
532-7389 

« 
Uptmore 

 and Associates 

 r 
N O R T H E A S T 
I 

C O N V E N I E N C E f| 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 1977 
Page I 7-D 

 n o r t h e a s t 

C O N V E N I E N C E 

UTILITIES PAID 

D («aril«-ii S e ttin gs 
□ P riva te Patio-. 
□ P o o ls a m i Party H o o n i 
U E ffic ie n c ie s, I a n d 2 
Bedrooms 
□ b i s h * ash er. D ra p e s anil 
I \ V n le n n a s 
□ W a lk to N o rth e a st 
S c h o o ls 
□ « lose to F o rt >ani 
C l 3 M in u te s lo W in d so r 
P ark M a ll 
□ Furniture 
A v a ila b le 

P o rk 
V illa g e 
A p a rtm e n ts w 

4 , o1*w AIZ! .MHD 

WINO s o t 
PARK MALI if 2 f-'SJNHAUft 

♦ pa r k 
VH I AGI 

L 

4 8 3 o R a y B o n D r i v e 
Ai 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

Let us find yours-— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSE-APARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
828-o681 
FR E I— N o c h a r g e t o y o w 
‘TH# in apt. 
/orating" 

VmSmIWL 

KOUTS, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 
4o8 • HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
APARTMENTS 

 lu x u ry Living in N orth ea st 
S a n A n ton io 

FROM $215 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

F o r T h e T r u th ; 
C o m p a r e 

Large I Bedroom, 
From $19o. 
All Bills Paid 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid . Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-que grills. 
Icemakers, fireplaces a n d b e a m e d ceilings. 

 t m w i M 

( k S e k » p io r ‘ 
W e’ll find yours, free. 

o 4 o 1 7 D A Y S A W M K o f n c c s m e o u e s f o u r t e x a s 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
349-1737 

D ie t e r c o o m * p o n d m c t t o 
4123 N. C W T R AL EXPWY. 
D A LLA S, T IX 7*2 o 4 

$ n e r t h 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

Free Utilities 
Country Living in the City 
I -bedroom Apt*, now available 
6 miles north of Loop 4 1 o on Babcock turn left at Springtim e 
6542 Spring Branch 
69o-146o 

CHOICE RENTALS 

2435 S M * W HVf-3-1 Cf. $16o mo., Sto»», f#w#d yard, corner lot, 6 month leos* 

322 
DARTMOOR-4 7 2, 
$3oo mo. 
Central oir-heot, stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, wofet soften*! 
2-story, tented yard 

6926 W KTW ARD-3 I Ct, $16o mo One air tondifioner, stove, refrigerotor, carpet, and fenced. 

U M ITID N U M M R of furnished and unfurnished apartments in 
Northeast. 
Northwest, and 
Southwest Efficiency, I bedroom, 
I bath lo 7 bedroom, 2 bath, from SH S to $77o per mo un­ furnished Furnished from $75 to 
$43 extra per month Utilities pd 

2o6 
MEADOW 
G U N -3 7 2. 
$295 mo Central oir-heot, double oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, carpet 

673 5o83 
347 4115 
653 o5/o 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

Monte Vista Area 
H isto ric T r ip le x , la rg e room s, I b e d ro o m p lu s den or J b ed room s, so m e fu rn itu re A ir, lots of stor n ge 
* U I 
U p 
W ater 
Paid 
732-474o 

MONTE VISTA 
J bedroom , 1 'j bath J story. Ap p lia n c e s a n d w in d o w u n its. G a ra g e with q u a rte rs. 828-5671 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 

N E 3-1' 2-1 a n d C P , air, d ra p e s, fenced, only *16o 
United, 735 9121. fee (549 J) 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR O PPO RTU NITY 

N e a r B ro o k s A F B . J I, *15o m o 
$5o d e p 
I y e a r le a se , fe n c e d . 
674-25o8 arter 6 pm 

N e a r bf 5am , J bedroom . I both, fenced, *6o 828 2722.______________ h E A R K E L L Y I bed room , clean, private, bus. 
*69 
435 9144 
9am 7pm 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 
J b e d ro o m h o m e , h a s a p p lia n c e s , fe n c e d , and air, *145 m onth. 674 5411 
J IB CARPET 
N e a r L a c k la n d , K e lly, n ice J be d ro o m , 2 b oth , g o r o g e , c e n tra l h e a t a ir, c a rp e t , r a n g e , p atio , fence, 5195. mo. O w ner B ro k e r 
673-o169. 
N e a r L a c k l a n d , K e l l y , i b e d r o o m s , c a r p e t e d , I ’ z b a f h t , 
674 7397, 4J5 5247 
N e a r \ A F B K A F B I 2 t P. c a rp e l 
________ 
, in liv in g m a s t e r b e d r o o m , ap- r s i ' J Z Z . 1 T ti' ~ ' ' »*“ ' " i -- * 1'1 
, pliances, tenced 673 345o 
3 B e d roo m cottage, fenced yard, . 
. 
— 
- 
.. - 
- j ; , • 

J b e d ro o m b ric k , *14o, $5o dep, a v a ila b le M a r I, 344 1465 eves 

Ne, n e a r F L Sa m and R a nd o lp h , [ I 1 ’• " e ° r L A P * - K a F H M e d in a 
*195 655 4838 after 4 P M . 
Bose, fenced 623 54o > otter 5pm 
J b e d ro o m c o u n try h o u se 2 nu 
N e a r W i n d s o r P k 
M a l l, kl 6 so u th of 1518 off 281 So u th a n d s p o o ls . J bedroom , 2 both. 2 c ar 
- - ■ 
- g a r a g e , c o m p le t e ly c a r p e t e d . 
Fe n ce d *275., ch e ap e r than b u y ­ ing 655 o212, 653 3168 

A d d iso n Road , *1oo mo. 484 4655 
2 B E D R O O M , d u p le x 
A ll a p pliances. *7oo m o lease 
E d y th e B Cooper. 341-1867 

1o362 SA H A R A DR. 
(North of Loop 41o off Sari Pedro) 
349-2617 

Office Hours 
MorvSat9-6 
Sun 1-6 or try appointm ent 

If s a Beautiful D ay on The Ridge 

I Bedroom Junior 
$159.oo 
AU Bills Paid 

Choose from 9 different floor plans . . . with extras to go along. Fireplaces, vaulted ceilings, pool, volleyball, clerestory windows, suspended balconies ... and more usable space than you ever imagined possible. 

H i g h R i d g e d 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg Rd. 
341-8221 

ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOOR BUS SIRVKI 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDRooM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PO ClOSl TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO POST 
OFFICE 
T M F 
HABITAT 
3815 W IST AVE. 
344-772o 

S E C U R IT Y 
P L U S 
Apts. of Distinction 
E ffic ie n c ie s 
I odd 2 b e d ro o m * 
F u rn ish e d a n d U n fu rn ish e d 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R I D G E A V E . 
( O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) 

828-1191 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
L a r g e I a nd 2 B e d ro o m s 
F r o m *122.5o. ( F u r n *14o ) 
114 V A N D E R H E C K 826 2369 
O F F 64oo N. N E W B R A U N F E L S 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C o v e r e d w a lk w a y fro m c a r to a p t, la u n d ry and m a ilb o x a re o sn yo u w on t ge t d re n c h e d , la r g e r r o o m s so y o u w o n ! b a r k y o u r sh in*. 342 9113 826 1594 e nd vee. 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S 
22o2 V a n c e J a c k so n F o r T L C 
T h e b e l k n a p a r m $ a p t s . " 
3o7 W M I S T L E T O E 
735-9264 
735 4891 
B Y A P P O I N T M E N T O N L Y 
1 - B e d r o o m , $ 2 25 
2 B e d r o o m 
Tow n ho u se , 122o ta ti t,replace, 
I ' i bath, J H S . 7-B ed roorn T o w n house, 128o sa ft., I ' j both *325 

2 B e d roo m house no children, no p e lt *14o. m o p lu s u tilities a nd 
*5o. D e p Coll after SP M , 223 2545, o r 922 7133.__________ 
I B e d ro o m U n fu rn 
C all 922-9135. 
*115 a m o 

$135-$16o. 
B L A N C O R D a nd B A S S E R D . 
1-2 B e d ro o m s G a s W ater Po 
6831 B A S IL W O O O 342 37o2___ 
B rin g the kids, 3 b drm . appl, air, 
C P , tenced for pets, *15o 
United, 735-9121, tee (534-1) 
C am e lo t ll, love ly J 2, *275 m onth 
822 3o41_____________________________ 
(tent cir, heal, carp eted I b drm , fenced for kid s pets. o nly *125 
U niled, 735-9121, tec (554 1) 

N fc. cleun 3 b ed ro o m hom e, c a r ­ peting, fenced ya rd *2oo mo. 
R O S S I R E A L T Y __________ 494 7711 
N E on q u ie t c u r r ie su e , J 1-2, p r iv a c y fe n c e , c e n t r a l, la r g e c o u n try k itch e n w ith a p p lia n c e s and built-in*. *275 m o *1oo dep 
C all C u b e d I 336 244? B oe rne , T X 
NEW 4 PLEXES 
1121o B E L A IR . OH L o c kn u t S e l­ m a , I a n d 2 b e d ro o m s , *12 o to 
*155 349 7186,733 7194,432 7741 k in e i h e d io o m , sto v e , re frig ., 
*125 N ear W in d so r M all, 655-429o 

MEXICAN RUT AGNANT 
N 'tld *, le at* SO, nice ftxturex. 
O r« *i * 8 5 ,o o o yr. ( 8 9 o o Bn. 

BMI MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Ow ner 12 yr»., O rosi *1 2 o ,o o o . 
Nett * 2 7 ,o o o yr. Owed parking. 
* 3 5 OOO. Terms 

POLT GRAPHING I INVESTIGATION 
Top account! 
WIN teach new 
Nets 
(2 o ,o o o yr. 
( I S , OOO A i 
TAPES, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
.denier^ n k c fixtures, lSO.OOO, nets *2 5 ,o o o . 

EAST TOOD OPERATION 
Alse to ga- Ow ner IO yrs. A lw ays busy. N a n * 1 4 OOO yr7. * 1 2 OO * 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with m ixed drink lounge, g ra ss­ ing * 4 o ,o o o i m short h rs* good loose, seats 13o, *4 3 .o o o On aiJumwY B H I 
I s (ellen! parking lo a d s af egpt., m oneym aker, (H O O . 
Terms. 

DAIRY OGEEN real dean, 
(e a ts 
SO. 
N ots * 1 5 .o o o yr. 
N ’Stde. 
G ood park 
* 7 5 o o dn. 

ROSY LIQUOR STORI 
N ’l, fine fixtures. O ro si * 1 3 5 , o o o 
N o n * 2 5 ,o o o yr. * 8 , o o o 1 stack 

•USV NORTMW DE RESTAURANT 
M ix e d drinks. Seats 12 o 
O ra l* 

M O O O ° y r‘ 
LARGE BUSY WASHA TERI* 
Close ta besa. G rassing * 3 9 ,o o o 
A n a n i i 5,o o o yr. * * fb o d n . 

N E GROOMING SALON I SUPPLIES 
Tap usa*- Oast clientele let. 3 3 • yrs. N ots * 1 o ,o o o yr. *5 , o o o dn. 

SE V U A l m ix e d d r in k c lu b s 
N I, real m oney m akers, clean fixtures, go o d parking, learnt. 

EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
N I, 5 operators, grass *5 9 ,o o o . 
N ets *1 8 ,o o o yr., peod lease, 
S7.A oO dn. 

C ir . 

735-9458* 
* 9 o o 3 N. MAIN 
735-8611 

SOI M U B OPPORTUNITIES SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

• 3 2 $22o • 
C e n tra l b ra t a n d a ir, off N a c o g d o c h o s R d , c lo s e to T h o u s a n d 
O aks, n e o r oil stores. B re n n e r Co 
344 3471. 

 lill/id e 

N ear 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 
Limited number of ef­ ficiencies and 
I bedroom apts. Now available. 
58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-B edroom , 1-Bath, S23o 
3-Bedroom , 2-Bath, HOH va ft *3oo I 
T h e lo c a tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly i located a se con d fa m ily c a r is not needeo 
A L L U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
O ne B lo ck To N orth Sto r M a ll 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 342 o285 
| 

THE TARE APTS 
8G5T BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U nfo rge ta b ie a s its n am e 
I B E D R O O M , *16o 
2-OE D R O O M , *215 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 

8 2 4 - o o 6 1 , 8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Jut* off Broadway and L e a p 41o, Close to 
Crown Tower Bldg.) 
• LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. $2oo. 
• REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
• Home like atmosphere • Party house 
• Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
• Also 2 bedroom apts. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

LA P L A Z A * 

B 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 
$ a I -2 -3 B e d ro o m s 
o 

B B a Single o n d fa m ily 
A 
_ 
Se ctio n s 

 w 
* fire p la ce s 
o 

* Tennis 
• 115 NW LOOP 41o m 
# 
Across From 
$ 
# North Stor Moll % 

• 
• 
• O O O O O O O O 

TOWNHOUSES 
2 A n d J b e d ro o m s w a sh e r d ry e r conn F a m ilie s w elcom e 
A ction A p l Lo c a to rs. >24 2333 
~ VERY SPECIAL 
C o n d o m in iu m to w n h o u se , 3 b e ­ d r o o m s , f a m il y r o o m . J t ir e places, dou b le g a ra ge , beautifully d ecor cited 
A la m o H a ts Sc h o o ls f o r a pp o in tm e n t call 
A ction A pt Lo c a to rs, 824 2333 

 v i l l a g e O a k s a p t s 
1-2 B e d ro o m s, a n d E tficie n ce s 
U T I L I T I E S P A ID 
SO11 N N ew B ra u n fe ls 828 4242 l O l - i + i s W M a g n o lia 
A p a r t m e n t s fr o m *1 9 o a n d u p 
W ear SA C . con ven ie n t shopp ing. b u s lines C oll 733 9857 
_____ 
533 W M ag n o lia , cle an apt , i f * w ater paid 653 oo76 or 227 1424 

4715 C h e d d a r 3 2 den nice 
*26o 
B a b co c k 
R d 
I b ed roo m dup lex 
*115 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 
341 4455 
1-1-i, C le an F e n ce d yard, Patio, carpeted. N o rth e a st 49? 921* 

 cT o 5 1 - TO P E R R I N B E I T L E 
A N D T H O U S A N D O A K S , E X ­ 
E C U T I V E H O M E J b e d r o o m 2 bath, ga m e room , fire p lace , c a r pet electric kitchen tut only 54oo per month. C all D e o m e O w e n s Co 
456 1ooo_____________________________ 

C o lo n ia l H ills , 3 2 2, w ith .it ii" J fenced yard, all a pp lia nces. *275 1 
Lease , cull M r s. M o u re , 342 4141 or 344 7 8 1 3 ________________ 
COLONIES NORTH 
N e a r M e d i a l Center a nd U S A A 
L o v e ly 3 bedroom , 2 both home. 
. f a m ily ro o m , c e n t r a l h e a t a ir , 
I fenced yard, 2 c o r g a r a g e L e a se 
5325 m o p lu s dep V a c a n t 
M O N T E V IS T A R E A L T Y 
R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 715 o4R5 
C o u n try 3 b a rm on IO a cre s, cen trot air, b arn s, e xtras, call 
United, 735 9111, tee (57o 3) 
C o ry I b d rm , £ p all appl fenced for pets, lust *14o 
United, 73* 9121, fee ( 54o-3) 

I D O Y O U W A N T to rent or lease w ith o p tion to b u y o r o w n y o u r aw n h o m e * *2oo 565o m o C all 
' N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 

D U P L E X 
? b e d ro o m s, i b aths, fu lly c a rp e te d a n d d ra p e d , cen tra i heat a ir, stove, re frig e ra to r, 
I d is h w a s h e r 2742 N a c o g d o c h e s 
II Road, *275 826 6388 
B E A V I S R E A L T Y C O 
D u p le x d e lu xe J b d l rn, o nly *9o, water pd. fenced tor child 
United, 735 9171. tee (548 1) 

R~o ~c r T B Tt n e e 'S e d i 
W h y not o w n y o u r o w n n o m e ? 
J u st *7oo d o w n * F r o m * 1 5 * p er m onth 927 17o6, 6/3 4714, 674-75o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
N o cleposiK no le ase , o n ly *1oo, w afer pd tor a I b drm , tone od 
United, 735 9121, toe (55o 2) 
N o r t h s t a r M a ll 4-2-1, c a rp e te d , h a s d rap es, d ish w a sh e r, *125 
United, 735 9)71, tee (537-1) 
N o rth w e st 3 b e d ro o m s, pool a nd te n n is court, *29o. 694-738o b ed r before 3pm o a k h i l T 
T I r r a ^ e --------- 
A v a il tor 6 m o s only J bedroom , 
7 bath, den with fireplace. *25o m o 
149 1479 
H ector J H e rb e c k Inc , R e a lto rs 
O n ly s85 to k e * this i b d rm w ilh den, fenced tor k id s pets 
U n ited. 735 9121. lee (548 2) 
P aint Hts, rep ain te d 2 b d rm , air. fenced, k id s pets O K *11o 
Untied, 735 9171, tee (54o 1) 
1 P a r k V illo o e , 4846 C o stle R o se . 
3 2 1, liv in g ro u m . den, k itc h e n 
] retrig, d ish w a sh e r, c e n tra l heat- 
I air, cor pet, tenced, c o v e re d patio, new paint *73o mo. 826-488o 

 r e n t a l s w e h a n d l e 
C ho ice N E R e n ta ls 
BUDDY UECKER 
824 7341, 1324 A u stin H w y . 
! i ro o m house, n e a r $A C T i OO per 

BUILD YOURSELF A 
$1,ooo,ooo BUSINESS! 

/braiding lo experts in our field, this figure it (ONSfRVAIIVt1 We have solved one of industry s mn|oi I most costly problems — MI TM fROSION! Our mid die tooting pro*ess is PATENTED, MOYEN, INEXPENSIVE SIMEK and WITHOUT 
COMPARISON It is being used by ma|or oil companies ond small machine shops with phenomenal ond lime tested results This process wos developed ofter several years of resemth ond development Oui company is seeking qualified individuals for WHOLE SAU DISTRIBUTORS 
M INIM U M INVESTMENT REQUIRED: $12,5oo. 
M O ix w k lft e c * O R TtC H M IC A l B A C K G R O U N D N IC IS S A R T . W rit* mr 
C A U C O iU C T i 

M r . R e d f o r d , A 
E 
R 
O 
C 
O 
T 
I C 
O 
R 
P 
. 

6 2 o 1 B o n h o m m e , S u i* * IO O 
H o u s to n , T o r o * 7 7 o 3 6 
( 7 1 3 ) 7 7 1 - 6 7 3 6 

A C TIO N A R R O W S IG N 5 
DIRECT M A N U FA C TU R E R 

• with 4 UMI #( 9" 

‘RRY 
• letters, Bulbs 
• Lighted Message 
• Board 
• Hashing Arrow 
For sal* or (aas*. 
(Rentals Available ) 

Wa do our own financing 
Exclusive Dealerships Available. 

CAII C O U fa (713) 455-7574 

 m o 732 2291 
Sh u d v 2 b drm , fa m ily size d den, b ig tenced yard. *1*o 
U nited, H S 9121, too (S S I 2) 
S m a ll fa m ily * 2 b d rm h o u se h a s r # tr1g, fenced yard, *9o 
United, 735 9121, lee (5 4 * 7) 

 s 6 C leon. m o v e in tod a y, p o r iy to n ig h t t B e d r o o m s , fire p la c e , com pletely carpeted, tenced b ack ya rd , c o v e re d patio, *2 *o o a r m o 
655 1944_________________________ 
Southside D u p le x F o r Rent, b ills od C ou p le s uri.y 972 9826 
SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I B e d ro o m , *12o. N e w 4 P ia n o s, 
M H O B E I A IR . A p t 3. 149-7114. 
713 71*4, 432 /741 

3 7 duplex In H e rita ge F a r m im - I J t 6 p L O O K IN G ' C oll now (or a m ediate o ccup a ncy. *28o. A ll b ills 
SRtoction of I a n d 4 b e d ro o m 

 mmm 

FIRST TIME OFFERING! 

For th* 1*1 tim*, a distributorship with th* accounts already established for immediate cash flow. First quali­ ty items from the nation * top manufacturer. Men or women—port or lull time. Company will help finance future expansion and will offer franchise privilege* with no franchise feet to distributor* who qualify. Must have 
$4,548 investment secured by inventory. 

C o l l ( 2 1 4 ) 2 5 3 - 7 3 7 2 o r w r i t # : 
Wholesale Division 
5821 Harvest Hill, Suit* 2o6S 
Dallas, Taxas 7523o 
■■■— xix............... 
I .................. ................................................................................m m ..................................m o m ................................................... 

4o6 HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FliRNISHfD 
> wee**VV*” IP 

X c r o n ^ P in T y 7 T T R 3 r S o m r T t o S ! a p riva te $82 W ater pd. 435 *144 

1-1, a v aila b le M a r c h I no pele or 
1 c h ild .on 1413 W u v r f y , 734 o58o 
T bedroom , i haiti, la rg e den, air, 
| fenced *2 *o 434 4448______________ i bedr o u m , ii v m g dtnina, kit c h m . su n p o rc h , patio, g u r a g e , d a r e r 
| oom no p ols 
N o b ills paid 
I 7 3 1 **1 *. 
, C ou p le s dollght, I b d rm , air. tiro- 
I place, g a ra g o , fenced *1*o 
T I M 

 paid 
484 413o, 344 42o7 
; 
P E A N IE O W E N S R E A L T O R S 
2-1- D U A l e x , la ig e iw m g h u ge kitch en with e atin g a re a c arp et ied, central heat a n d air, *1 *5 in i d u d e s w ale r 341*146 
H O W A R D T A T E , R I A L T O * . 
__________C E N T U R Y 21_________ 
Duplex"'," n e a r H o lly w o o d P a r k . 
N e w ly d e c o r a t e d 
D e lu x e te a to rts, le a s* 494 SI96, e it t . C U l'l V E 4 b e d roo m , T h ir d 
H ills a re a. S3So m u 474-7247 h o m ily style d 3 b d rm , k id s p e fs welcom e, lust SH O 
I 
United. 73* 9121, too (*3o-2) 

P ir s t tim e on the m a r k e t 5 s a r e n t o l. v e r y c le a n , c a r p e t e d t h r o u g h o u t , J I I, c o n t r o l a ir , heal, w ale r conner n e a r W in d so r 
P a rk M o ll C all 455 4497 atter 5 
SISO m o p iu s dep. 
F a re s! O a ks, 

United, 
B e iT v i* 
I 9121, fee (546 31 

 h a s 

(DI A7M11MTS FDM 

Astoria 
1o343 S A H A R A 344-41*1 
F U R N I S H E D U N F U R N I S H E D 
Sunshine 
143 C S U N S H IN E 734-4*33 

 a s Y r o A p t s N e a r I V la m . I b e d r o o m h e a t, a ir , c a v e r # * p a rk in g la u n d ry facilities I 3 I 4 C 
G R A Y S O N 
A u stin H w y a n d IN l f k e r fn a re a 
*4 * *81, I a r 2 b ed roo m cottages torn gr u n fu rn V e ry clean aurei. p riva te , utilities p a r ' gd, ne chil- d r e n g r pets 124-4o5) __________ 

B ea utifu l, lu x u rio u s. Ia r*e , d ish w asher, pool. I I b ed roo m s, utfW h a s M i d 5231 B to n co 34) 4113 
T B F t i r 5 B m . T n T R T i i i r S R r 
141* C A S T R O V I L L E R O 
433-2oo4 N o rm a n G rim m 731 4*76 
I b e d r o o m M e n a g e , t i IO m o w a t e r p d 
* 3 # 
E 
G r g y s e n , l l * e m , 6>3 O IH i b e d ra g e n r la r g e kitch en , I a £. 
T rim ly area, *9o 341-7*91 arter 4 

' is f d 'io o W T OO m e p iu s d tp 
I OOO * SI M a r y s , A p) 4 223 5o94 

 f b ed r nom . n e a r I M . a "<t d ow n ­ town, bus, new, go o d p a rk in g l l s 
W H u isa ch p , 824 61*1. 834 » 3 > 

C o n t r o l h e e l a jr, C h ild r o il wa!- 
Com o CON *27 *92o 
1 
I B e d ro o m , wuTi to walt c o - p rf u p sta ir s. *1 6 5 b ills p d. 814 C 
P utn ey 9217181 

C a ro l Sand s" l i t s W C o n lo u r "( f ! oft HO O S o n P e d r o ) a ir, B oo l, w a te r o d I B d r m tu rn t i t * 
I 
B d r m t ie * 816 7*13 c a J V l e h i l l * A I U 
-------- 
I I H B to n co tow nh o use «»<s. I- I b ed ro o m 2 baths, torn u nto rn AU tolls p d 341-4113. f oupies 2 ro e m k lf c M R o lli. 
A u stin H w y, wotor o d * P«i4. *1 o * m g <24-4*4* iff ic ie n c e s , a ir. b u *, sh o p s *3o wk I H S m o up B W * pd. Leciton 
I *34-34*1, 434-8*41 t H it rent y, iu iie l n e ig h b o r heed, n e a r m oils. I p e rso n e t c u M h c y . ne pets 343 *417 

11 ro om opt, I'I s i m onth, utilities potd 7 2 **2 5 8 ,7 1 3 9914 

R o o m r d 'V A p o rim e n Y M o te * 
W e h a v e se v e ra l p eople lo o k in g i fo r o c o m p a t ib le p e r s o n c a l l 
I M a tc h m a k e r inc *44-111* 

Sm o N efNciency. n e a r iow n, SA C , 
*9o p to* dap- 73I-163I. 

SOOTH CENTRAL 
1 B e d ro o m U n fu rn *1 2 * 
1 b e d ro o m F u rn , SU O 
2 B ed roo m . U n to rn t i* * . 
2 B e d ro o m F u r n *17o 
. C o n t r o l h e a t a ir , e x t r a l a r g e room s, near 
South sid e G le be j 9?7-**2o 

SOUTHSIDE SIN6LES 
$127. MO. FOON. 
B r p n d n ew e le g a n t e tflc to n re s. pool. s h a g c a rp e t, tot c lo se ts fa n t a s tic k it c h e n 
R e b in s N e s t 
A gt *31 Hat Wefts B lv d 533 o*11 
Sp a c io u s i a n d 3 b e d ro o m s Id ea l tor ye un g m a rrie d s with a sm a ll child The B o a rd w a lk o ffers 3 be d ro o m s u n to rn tor *3 *o 3 pools, club room a n d la u n d ry 
C lo se to 
W o n d e rla n d o n d C e n tra l P a r k 
313* W est A v e n u e 34o-41o3 
H u n , G .ii.naw otor Co 
212 * toff a r i l I v W m t , n e a r (VV, 
Sa m and b u s 
C oup le 
*71 m e 
227 *4*3 

TALLYHO 

A m o ii c u i i i i c iiftii v n u v i u i ii! w it iie ii 
33*3 N O R T H PAN A M 
133-1111 
M O N F R I 9 4 

347 W W A R K 
Off S. F lo re s a n d * E M ilit a r y D r. 
I B e d ro o m air, carpet, w a ter pd. 
S I M 922 921o M a r Apt I 
«~n - T w - w a 5 'O L A W N - (T ie on g a r a g e e ffic ie n c y 
I a d u lt o nly. 
*45 Coll 4 3 M 4 B 4 , 734 *341. 
4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

 aT a1 's i 'a L * T s t y ren f h u y i i:o cast to m o ve in 3 b e d ro o m s *14 * jills Start M a y U t 
4*4 7 4 3 o W A Y N K S L A T E R 544 #93* id u fr s- C T . ' i f T?- 'N- g n v» i bo droo m apt U tilities pd St 15 N ea r b u s ond la u n d ry 34* 1o94 offer 5 
A i 111 Fu n sto n. I b ed roo m . A l l , i 
*1**, 822 o4oo ar 735-4451 
B E A U T I F U L Troo~Hocise"A(»ti in g a rd e n C e m p ie x. n e a r B r a c k e n J i r id g e P k 
T r in it y U o n d D o w n ­ town V ie w of City P oo l L a u n d ry . 
M o d e r n a n d c o m fo rta b le M a n a f e r . M U L B E R R Y I E R R A C E 
A P T S I H I E M a th e rry 111 5434 
F h e d io o m efficiency, clean, per fe e l c o n d . *1 1 W 
H u i s a c n e , 
A vailab le 
I lit h 
735 *414. i 
I B14-7I37 
| 
I b e d ro o m , $68 k e n A a ll, a d ! I, w a t e r p a id . * 1 3 * m a , d e p o s it . 
731-1449; 534 I I M 
I b e d ro o m , t ie ! 

I minutd to IH-1o. 
Private adult and famiiy taction. 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 

HIU TOP VILLAGE INC. 
HILLTOP CIRCLE 
KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 
512-257-7911 

A MeftioOst ttmniry to tho ogmg. 

 prowdmg 
3 levels ti core 
Alinement, 
KE H, 
ICE III 

 lelxement rotes storting et $241 

 month 
Hurpng rates sturtmg et 

$33$ month 

W a fe r p 3 N o 
POH. 
*7*. 
D o g. chddrpn, 
715 49*4 
1........ fc ic r s a i y ............. .. bea utifully lana»< u ae d sp a c io u s 
2 b e d r o o m 
J b a in a p l n o m e 
F re n c h doers, v e ry private, la rg e boxed w in d o w s C all 828-31*1 
5 A A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R * 

 c on u s niieiit o u r c !f*a 4 a ru ra l p rop erties 1 1 N A c r e s 
Seif I A A sso c. R fd tta rs <3* 23<s 

CLQIHHUVEM APTS 
I 
ISS C L O U D H A V E N 
I v e r y nice ( B e d ro o m m i s . tocated i lust b eh in d s n a k e y ’s P i n g el the 
A u stin H w y *34 1 * * * o r 814 *o81 

 c J H I H 
'• ' w S V T ^ w J s i s i ^ ^ tow er* O toer 
S T O tssa tR s rSsa sa mss ...v 

A U S T I N A R M S A P T S . 
233o AUSTIN HWY, 

Rental Rates 
Starting From $151. 

All utilities pd. f i t 

655-o421 
*•», 

FoNTA1NBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 

 lew p an eled , I b d r m air, fireplace, lust * 11* 
United, 735 *121. tee (*47 2) 
! D u p le x, neb! Ft S a m i I b ed room , 
I bom , fenced, w ater pd *95. m o 
818 1722 

H I G H L A N D P k 
S o u t h s id e , 4 ro om d uplex, child w elcom e, 
*24 7233 

1 K id s, pets welcom e,' la rg e 7 b d rm , 
! carpeted, ne le a s*. $165 
United. 7 3 M 1 1 I. tee (54o 1) 
3 M O N T H S L E A S E 
Im m a c w la t e 1-2-1 h o m e , t u r n com plete, with fireplace, ce n tra l h e a l cur, choice location. *3 *o m o p lu s dep 454 )714 
P e c an V olle y I b d rm la s wa .tMhT air, a real rent at *175 
United, 73S-H 7), fee (5*7 2) 
*-«ai loos I b drm , air,'bfis"'poi t H I kid s pets O K . *11o i 
United, 71* *111, fee ( H S I) 
»» I- *e ip o c io u s I b d rm . a ir. K ills o a f I pd k id s pets O K , *11o 
United, 71 *-*)2I, lee (S7S I) 
IT T S u m n e r t n t 'i , F t 
A ir , fence, *175 124 7*13 
T ry this hou se w ith tolls pd, air. fenced, *145 
Untied, 735 9121. tee (568 1) l i t W t V p 'R 'i U 
2 B e d r o o m , g o ro g e yard. *151 
C oll collect 
11-345-1777 m HOMES, WPtJEXES. mumm 

 m m 
H e S d a T y S g r ^ w r ^ a n 
(_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ t o y o u rs far a s W ife a s *1 *o d aw n 
I L a r g e 4 ro om carp eted d up lex opt on<J p a y m e n t* to ** than rent N e w a n g a ra g e 
*48 ma. *25 d o g c r t d i* * H p prgBtom j 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
M i 

WAKEFIELD-STARDU5T 
APARTMENTS 

 toeelly tooled en hutkn* 1,2, 

 en* 3 bedrooms SLID to 
$35o On toitoi rues! hem berth Ste) MaN 

85o6 WAKIFIflO 
344-4558 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 n to ra 
224 77*o 
I 
CTV g i lt T T ic F T 6 r n ? T ~ ~ 
G R O U N D L K V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
, E X C E L L E N T M A I N T E N A N C E 
H I G H L A N D H I L L * A P T * 
2*31 E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
*1 4 *8 *8 

J B J R e a lly 
*74 *881 
A N Y T I M E 

A A A H o m e ow ne r N ut a R e nte r 
J or 4 b e d ro o m s a pe .ram es air 
N oth in g dow n, p a y m e n ts toss than re n t— (fa rt in M a 
4*6 7 4 2 o W A Y N E 

T ic 5 m o I 51. o ar den read y in plant, w alk lo school, a v a il m id M a r c h 41 1 o 9 *o att 6 
I 
F O R R ) i f t O I H I A S T -------- 
11721 S M O K IN G O A K * 
14-1-1, su p er clean, prefe r I y e a r lease 
D A Y O R N IT E * 5 * 6848 
M o rto n Southw est R e alty 
H A C IE N D A O i l S O L 
N W 
1o8o4 B A L T IC 
1 - 2 - 3 b e d ro o m o p ts ter le ase , 
{fireplace, so m e p o o lsid e A v o ila bte M a r c h I 
C o ll C r is R e w o n i 141- I J K ____________________________ 
H A R M O N Y H IL L S . $ sie ry , I is* dream , I bath *3 *4 m e tease 
{L O U F O R K * 
341 OHO 
H u g e 3 b d rm with den, h a s o p p T carpel, ga roge , fenced. S U S 
: 
U nited 735 *121 fee ( S i l l ) 
In C u le $ 'ra P a r k 
1 - i - i P , n e a r bus. N o rth sid e st hoots, *5o dope sit, t i t * m o 431 1374 
{ In d ia n C le e k , o p t io n lo buy"'. 
I I C P , a ir, r a n g e , r e t r ig 
S U S p lus dep 717 JOI/ arter S P M 
II s K a t y to l u y — W h y le n t a n d waste m oney 
I a n d 4 b ed roo m s, n o m e w ith a p p lia n c e s a n d a ir 
'N t-'h in e dow n O n ly ST M m o ve in 
{ F ir s t p a y m e n t M a y 
P a y m e n t s 
.test m a n ren t 
H o b la m e t 
I E spaniel 
' 
R A C R E A L E S T A T E 474 4134 je ffe rso n i b d rm h a t appl, air, 
'ca rp e t, now lust S U S 
United, 735 *111, fee (577 3) 
K e lly I b drm , tray sto ve la n ce d tor kids pets, only *14o 
United, 735 *111, toe (S49 I ) 
K ir b y a re a 
3 b e d ro o m c e n tra l a ir . d is h w a s h e r , t e n c e d y a r d . 
*18o m e 44 1 4585 
K irb y a re a J b drm , 4anl c e n tra l air fenced tor all. S U * 
I 
United, 735 *111, toe (*3 7-1) 
L A ? ! , o s t ia cle an , l- l- il# , c o r peter) a ir, sto v e , la r g e fe n c e d y a r d , c lo t h e s lin e , 
* 1 7 * m e 
873 5*91 Otter tam _________________ 

 i i i, ia ra a W nc'o4 tmrd. M I araei', 
*1 6 * m e 137 72*1 after 4pm 

 c r x T r 

 hom es to rent, tease with option Ie buy or own P rice d tram *22o *45o m o C all til 8 P M 
Exe cutive R e al E state *24 *345 
T H r T H i Wr 
TT w ■'sl a v e .r e te ll. dishw asher. S 25o 484 3344 
Tf W T f T T H H L S ------------- 
I bedroom , 2 bain, ce ntral beat air, *775 m o Alse, J bedroom 2 bain, N E . >24o m o 
4SA-I714 
RED CARPET 
' T h u n d e ri> ir iii' F s la te s . I 2 
{house refrigerator, stove, tor In form onon 484 4895 7J5 5*49 

----------------1 5 w "S ti'6 u s e ---------------- 
B e a u tifu l liv in g , ca re fre e , can- i vcn ien tiv located 3 2 2 G a rd e n patio to u o ra ge Firep lace 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
Ap artm ent Lo cato rs 828 * 73* 

1 7 T o w n h 6 u $ e------------- 
, N e ar M e d ical Center *325 
45o H A T F IE L D 
3-3-1, 521o 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
C E N T U R Y 21 
341 7115, *84 1711, * 81-OMO 

G l i J ia E J k . i bedruoin 
2 KalK 
I rock hom e with Hrepiare. built in kitchen, is acre s, J stall barn and pond *4oo m o 227 7282_______ 
H i. over 73(H) sa 
V e ry la rge 
I a c r e fe n c a d let, 

LOCXHILL APTS 

 r o o m s se yo u w e n t h a r k y o u r s h in * 141*1 l l l l * 15*4 a n a sea. 
T H E K IN G S T O N A P T S . 
31*1 V an ce J a c k so n F a r T L C 

 t ill fie con sAare a )!K a^ ra*R i S R at the B o ard w alk tor i l l * each 
P o o l, d u b ro o m a n a la u n d r y . 
I Close to 
Conf rat 
P a rk and 
W o n d e rla n d 
311* W est Avenue S4 V 4 M 3 
B a rry G W m e w dtor Co 
Y V M S 8i)T g i l T n ¥ ^ t f * i T Y ~ 
O A R O C N P A T IO * 
CLUB ROOM * 
G Y M A N O S A U N A * l l J B E D R O O M S , l l R A T H S 
S U S to * 275. B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K I O W N ! A P T S 
414-41*1 
M i l B A N D E R A R O A O 
Between Hill* res! and C a lla gh a n 

NNYSnTlE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S 

*4** pfus dad 3418134 
CONVENIENCE 
Loop 4 ie-Vdnce Ja ck so n Rd. 
P A R K L t K E G R O U N D S 
1- B E D R O O M 111* B IL L S P O 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 343 * 1*1 t e w S T r;T e lld p e l l f l ' ' B S ’l j i ilT ties pa 
C lo s* ie 
M e a 
Cant, 
4*61*17 
D a p le x . l 14 IvFFppT c e n lr o i aTT heat, I I I. carpet, d ra p e s, tike 
8* 44748, 4*4 1*41 
M W , $14*. 
*9* 

3o2 t H a is a tn e 3 R o om bdfhelor opt C ai ae*, air. 59o 732-1775 

P re t h , n ic e ly fu rn . p e a l R e v se ie d B d p R c v .lp ra * W pm **, 114-44*8 1___________ 
. 
Fresne. m edernTT be rfrpp m ,! W M uenolip. Bdults, n e T e u Y J l I oir, fully carpeted 714-JSdL 
I Center, * 1*o 8l 4-oe<3_____________ 

Cleck of P l So m N orth G ate 
•1 4 * 15* li e 1**4 

EDEN RDC APTS l i t JA C K SO N K E L L E R 
C o m fo rta b le liv in g 
Y o u Ii le v * our I ar I bedroom apts, wet eft 
Sun P e d re 
N eo r C e n tra l P e r k a n d N o rth S to r M e lle 
N e c h il­ dren, ne p e n Red sen able tu n e s 
111 4411. 
343 i Huieecb e T T iiim ' bachetor 
IM * . Sieve, retna. carpet, aw, *8o 
T li-in s , i W K a a ^ c i u T r ^ 
"K c K « ; apt Stove, rafrit, carpe l, air, SM . 
T I U 111 

Luxury Hying at reasonab le price. 
L o re * beautiful I and 2 bedroom apts L a rg e POM, next door to Pf 
S a m e n d I e lk s fro m B r a c k e n ridee Get* Course Seconds from downtown, m in from N orth Ster ond W in d u p P ark M a lls *1 o5 * 41. 

GREENWICH VILLASt 
ID E A L LO C A T IO N 
I B edroo m unfurn s i l l 
1-Bedreem s. u n furn SH S. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
T il J A C K S O N K E L L E R 

• 2 4 - 9 8 n 
M a ria n jd ie T raTiiW a r e le au iifu f. luxury a a ls adults (U S , w aler. g a s paid *24 1444 
H u e T T o v r m b e gr ^ rS’. 2 b JR ! apt hom e I* * * SO P T b . . irtuHy located, walk Ie m en O N L Y IM O 
B ills pd 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L I M I T E D 

8 2 8 - o 6 8 1 _____________ 
IF YOU QUALIFY 

I B edroom I Bath *142 S I H 
I B edroom ! B ath ( K O ( i l l 
I B edroom I la t h * 17* *244 
AM utilities, C e ntral A ir end Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r 
R a n g e . D isp o sa l, 
D rap e rie s T V Anten na Storage 
U nits and M e re 
A p p re x im ato lv 
11* M inutes from M ilita ry B ase s 
9144411 
2914 R e u se veil A v e 

— m n r * b ¥ R T v g n — 
1 L U X U R Y I and I bedroom apts 
I 
1171 B A N D E R A R O 433 1214 

 xTthoice of 3 4 bedroom K am es id 
. --------------------- 
^ ren t L e a se w ith o ptio n to b u y 
{ m n 
W d ik -ia Own your hem e N O W • s itu to Side i tosr-ts Northwest, tile up Ask 

I F T c o r pe t dishw asher, renge, ctm trei air. 2 car g a ra g e fenced S I M der m o 
P iu s dee R o ilin g R id ge 4*4 wet. 
L A T E R M S *934 
I n it a1 

 tor L o n n ie T h o m a s, 341 *1*1, a r i 44 *314 i .e m n e s and w eekenas 

L A H TOWNHOUSE 
! 3-Badraem s, air, heat S D * W ater ad P a h a is* bi M io rn ir a Ne 
1 pats » H 6 *44. 494 5478, 824 4217 

M-jf eR lr t t A # . I bdrm , air, c a r pet S I M M I 4113 4*1 U M i h» ear"F> la m . ' 'TT f T y rTT,' l h * d rea m s, g a ra g e , tenced, air, *148 m o es* m e 
N o rth C e n tra l L o catio n , E lm ir a i an d M cCuftough an d IM I* New ly d«co« ated N ear aus, adults univ 
N o pets U nfurnished I bedroom 
W aler po 111* with dee * M o 
L e a se 726 * 3*1 arter 8 an d wee 
Sends. 4V6 4 1 M 
S W 
V i l t s V I L U d i --------- 
Ap artm ents end Tow nhouses til* U p I M I Bdbcecfc 344-9736 

PLANTATION HDDSF APTS 
I b ai rn * 14*. tow nhouse i l l s , all bills ad 344 7o93 t f i r F C C A U M O N R D ------- 
So u th sid e I b e d ro o m a p ts c a r ­ peted, peel, c lo se Ie sh o p p in g , 
; sc h o o ls 
A ll b ills pd 
I I I * m e 
♦27 4P8 I, f i t I M I 

G A S E E A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
4*o499* S V M 4*4 (IMS, 341 7712 

REGENCY HOUSE 
I A N O 3 B e d r o o m a p t*, p r e s 
I i f iou sly located en H a rr y W urz b ac h a c r o ss fro m P T S A M G olf 
C o u r s e 
P r o m S I I * . b ills pd 
814-M 5 I 83o13* 5, B M 3331 

 t e n e ts* a h o N iw s 

A H S c h o o ls. I blk 
W o o d rid ee 
Eta , ( I , den. ap pliances, central air, grape s, *125 m e 
82* ( 241, 
731 *44o a F Y s X I L 6 V H T 6 W H -------------- 
T E X A S A P T L O C A T O R S 
349 3*1 $ e N O P E E 
A lira ciiv e i i r ' K 
VeHey ^ *r g e fireplace, lets et extras S S M m e 
653-3*8*, O w ner C R E A 
W f K l i r i . M f.'IW e d re o m 7 b d f t e p d h e n c e s , t e n c e d c o r p e t , schools, S M * 2314444, 115 1783 
Ava'ITehle M a r c h I 
I I f l e c h e ranee, fenced Vicinity N arihstor 
MOH I i i * 494 333* 
* bdrm 
, i,oin 
> „< kl a n d ' Kelly, 
147 M ountain Valley I ' M 82* / t i l 

 i t b e d r e e m , r1 f E T R , n e a r 418 between w enaer lurid and C e n lro i 
P ark M a lls I l l s I M IM S 
, r i 'g p w w 
« : i L i b . w itir a s r fireplace tenced yard cent Heat air all s lichen ap plian ces M O * E l 
Sim p atico i l l s m a 
818 3331 ar 
I 2< M ix 

2 bedroom , I hath, air T e e lc h a u l 
District. S U S m e B ob M c G in n is 
R e altors 349 I 111, u i» tor P e g g y 
J B e d r o o m . U U 'b b Ib , S p a m th style d u p le * , tir e p lp c t, S M in 
M ed Center U S A A , covered dciu bit 
CP 
G a s w ater pd t ie * 
* 9e 4431 
__________ZZ______ 

L e e a re u , 
I b d r m , c weather, appl tenced. coll 
United, 73* 9111, fee (541 l l 
H l 'T i i S Ilr u m B rl7 e T « » ia r g T j bedroom , tenced y a rd clo s# Ie 
U hoots S I 7) m e 513 ) 11* 
C ikiTnew I with to rte tire p ta c e . d e n . c a r p e t b u ilt m s , 
C a m e io tn *275 m e StPO dep Colt collect I 314 2447, Boerne, Tx 
Live Ooh. 3 11, a o p t ia n c e , p r iv a c y toned, c e n tr a l a ir b a a l 
S M I, av ailab le M a r 1st C all eel lect 
1 5*7 *397; 
5*7 5o*4 
M rQ ueenev 
___________ 

 n ^ 
T 
^ r ^ r n r - p 5 B i i 5 i * : p r iv a c y fence, c e n tra l a ir h e a l 
12* 5. availab le M a r Is l C all eel lect 
1-517-5197; 
5*7*oo4 
McQueeney 

 r T f l i c o l s d n e a r U t * A A N D 
M e d ic a l C e n te r im m e d ia te o c ­ cupancy. * 2*5 
4*4 41X . 344 4287 
D E A N H O W E N * R E A L T O R S r <5s y i f f 5 ' p y r i H 
5 M # i — 
Let us help you find the hom e that fits yoni term ly'* budget C all tot our current tis! of avatiobte properties 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L TV 4538558 m S TT ; ikZir-J H b T S n W t uh ,n 
I U , carpet, ne pols. S if t 
344 7 348 
W atson A Sen 
I ''8-4* 8 * n r n n s r b 
, 
M i -8 IM 
M odern J 2-1 with appl a ir heat, patta. fenced tor k id s pelt united, 72* 9131, toe (*91 I) 
IH I HUMSiB r i C h il....... 
I* 235 1 * 6 * f X P it 55 ANO N I W I 

I T n e a r M e d 
Center, U T ond U S A A interest in i ren ters w ho c are to r hom e an d gro u n d s 
*375 m o 
225 471* ar 
*55 9*4* 
----------------ui/WV f t l H t ’ --------------- 
Ow n your own hom e MKI OO dawn, 
; pu y merits * 1*8 m onth 
* 7* 1*91. 
473 HOO 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E i w JfV M M T W H k N - V 6 J T l N 
E U Y 9 City ronvem ences, ne City lo x e s 
N ew I l l ond 4 2 I 
A p pliances. autcfc p o sse ssio n F irst paym ent M a y 
I 
R A E R E A L E * T A T E 474-4114 

 w iitsn ire Terrace. I l l, ce ntral air. w ash d ry hook ups, S255 mu with deposit 
* 2* 2424 a lle r 4pm j OS* tor E H I_____ 
W indso r M a il areg, 2 bedroom s. air heat, carpeted, p riv acy lance, 
*185 Atter 4 w e ekdays 4 *3-11*4 
Windsor P p* Area 
' l l, air, stove, retrig dishw asher, d isposal tented t i l * *55 *4o9 
. W onderland 3 Isdrm , C P a n d stor a gt. tenced tor tide, toe 
Untied, 735 f i l l , tee ( 542-1) v 5 TDt~3 w N ~5 H T fffc B I L A ,T U d io e m . I b a th , p r iv a t e pe tiu . 
> M 6 «»»»Rae 
412-ROOKS Ftttm>i>iD 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Rcatenabte, daily w eekly rotes, downtown H I N Mon,________ 

4iB mm with some 
I 

A s T e e p In T T e e n T T e T T ! ^ ^ heavy drinkers, dining privileges. rood extra * 1, 137 *99« e a u after 

I 
411 • EMIT TO RENT OR ILAS! 

Z a 3 S ^ v i * S M T i r 3 3 T r T f r t T o ^ house with em ployed tody, l l 39 
‘ y e a r s e t d M M i M ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
SOI mmi QPfORTliHITKS 

A svu m * p«yirients 48 A rra s 
R an ch near Si Jahns A rizona pay 
2 b a c k g o v m e n t s *1 6 9 
W e t u s ee*, B alan ce due s n , M i C a i 
Aob caller! 442 947 M i l 
I A B T U " o n 3r C A F S i ia b le t" 
N o r t n s id * 
494 *911 w e e k d a y s; weekends I 438 73o4 

I g D T i b u i m 
^ t eapdrtu fJK ' 
V e ry reetetialH e G e e d tocatien 
C all 484 49*5 or 484 348* 

C A W i T "S H O P ' p u b ' i m m 
M IL L Located in sm elt town near 
* A 
O w ner seMrne dp# to ether i n t e r e s t s . R O H D E B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R * S H S ilt 

POTENTIAL 
$21o PER WEEK 
PART TIME 
$65o PER WEEK 
FULL TIME 

DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
First tun# often i this areo 
Immediate eormngs 
No telling necessary. This is 
NOT canoing 
WF PROVIDE a Multi 
Million 
Dollar 
Companies 
P Dignified 
Reputable 
Business 

 a Prestige Accounts 
P Company Training in 
Your Area 

 a Continual 
Company 
Assistance 
• Expansion 
Privileges 
• lull Bookkeeping Sys­ tem 
• Guaranteed Buy Back 
Agreement 
YOU PROVIDE i 
• Top Charoc tm Refer­ ences 

 a Desire To Attain High­ er Eornmgs 

 a Desire To Own Your 
Own Business 
• Ready To Start lr 3o 
Days a Applicant most hove adequate working cap 
Hoi o f $4,2oo 

Am! 
A p p l*#(to m 
C A II COLI ICT....... 

M R PALMER 
(3o3)831 3oo6 
OR BRIT! (HKlUBf PROM NO ) 
IAI UUU, 4781 HAMMAN 
(A S SUBE RET. K A -1 1 7 o 7 

DON’T READ 
THIS AD 

 vnltsi y o w m w w n businasi- QwollWad applicant* new 
■•big conekldrad 

 le i y e a r a w e e . 
T a u 

 a r * n a ! a p p l y i n g 

 f a r a | o b l T o e a r a 

® w 
* y * « 8 
, o r 
• v a r y 
M p h p r a f l t 

 b u e l r s a e e a f y o u r 

 a w n . 

NO iXFCRIiNCf 
NfCtSSART 
NO SiUJNC MVOIVfD 

 b u sy 
N e a r m a n y a p a r tm e n ts down B O H D E R U S I N ! * * 

 r 5 k ! Y r « r if c ^ C t 
I T 8 T T 
I t 
I 
* 14.84o1 
A R O K E R * S M *311 

 m 
Y K I P I I N I U I 
1 
New San Antonie restdent is m ar k e lm g en tre p re n e u r for help In solvency p ro b le m s or inventory m ovem ent SSO 7441 
F in * Jew elry'u d 'lift Store 
P rim e N ortheast lecatien 
I,boc *« n see ooe C o n s n o m s 

T i" o w L l I R b p " 

Wa naad 
P*oPiw wa can aap*nd an. Your Foetaga 
INepenakeg 
Bauta wMI ba a iH M e h ed by ut. W a pravlfia campiata training. 

MVSTMBfl ttOUHID 
8 3 ,o o o -$ 9 (ooo ll you 
Hava a daeira to afttaf today's 
Inflation, sand noma, ad- draee a n d phone number ta: 
RI 

U N I T E D P O S T A G I 

C O R P O R A T I O N 

1 7 1 o R K O A l R O W 

D A L L A S . T X 9 5 3 3 5 

P H O M ( 2 ) 4 ) 4 3 o A S I S 

MONEY MAKERS ll A N D H I L L S T ' t i l 
F o r sa le b y o w n e r 
N a r th e a s t are a *53 59*8 bet ti 8p m 
H I G H L A N D H I L L S , 1 *8 8 rn * 
Z i* T U o T a I H 
T k 't 4 
M o t o r e u to m e b it e t r a m m s * 
P l 
S A M A R E A , S H * m e. M e b e tor ated in la rge Texas city P ee l •JJf, »72,eg* e sta te ^ in c lu d e d in e f t e r in g 
O E N V E E ^ H G T S ^ Jtocettont rent 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
*94 5311 

 i*ar‘T ease "T h * bited le a p t * - * 
4184 sa n P e d ro 
Putty eautoped tor business 
M I 7188 or eves 
494 IS M 
2T IT 1 T 'f i f P A T T OTH TV ------- 
Per e n te rp risin a yo u n g couple 
B E D and 
B A T H 
S H O P 
G r a a l lecetian' 
R E A L T O R r n lest 

{property, turn 
M IN N O W * G A L O R E , M a r b le 
Faits, tsla b fish e f I* yr eld bust n e ss O w n e r rettrtna. e x ce lle n t inco m e, in v e n to ry , n ic e hem e 
Owner carry Coll b o t 
C A N Y O N L A K E IS unit m otel, 
Blush townee with 4 it T V screen, to ffe e shop, e e m e re e m , e ttlce space, wood incom e ow ner c a rry stt.eee daw n 
Century 21 
A M W * 
C U O O Y Q L A t c o c K u r e a nit w e t ni l S W H ! l ire ACTT6H6 
T IV S -Tow n M nsi. o ast af S A San ter tu to r vs and m y enter v L e a se 
A uto F e uv eiiu b i* 
NEM 9o KEIF iH s, t a r w ash, te a s lad as* aq ac a 
A n c h o r e d b y t o n .e n 

TUT 

Sp ec a in . n e in pit c o o k e d b a r b e a u t 
H a s b e e r I n e r t . * 
L e w e rie * includ e cholee reel estate 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
694 S IH r i f f ' Ahfc T U f lTB H t A IIih Mot ile unit d e sig n e d to w a sh fleet .ah i t ie s en c u s t o m e r s e re m it e s* 
R O H D E 
R O S IN E S S 
B R O K K E * i *<6 SIM 

C H R IS T IA N S E R V IC E 
O P P O R T U N IT Y 
* 7*-| l4d e m m w e a r u m r v l e i e T c d in A u s t in 
In s f if u f ie n u i dC- 
: c o u n t s p lu s r e t a il t e m p p n y s t e r e s 
R O H D E 
B U S I N E S I 
B R O K E R S 8 9 8 -S ill 
__ 

 or stet bw iidine 
Se m e hi enc m e 
‘ h ire P e r d eto il*, c o n io c l e v a ild b to 
W rite R e p r e s s N e w s 
BOX 74*4 r s u N o r s - y i i ^ i r e T w iv eauieired P ric e d to soil 
9184575 
H A S K I N * R E A L T Y 

 m f f f h t o T ETr a W V Y f i 1 1 
E v e tost. • lin es L e c a fe d in a r e a ti# * are d of city V e ry erefrtaelv 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
S f * t i l l 

• a rn * l| .*o e t i l , # # * o u t d o e r s o r in d o o r s te u to n s P ric e d e l Sf,9EE E x c e l lent fin a n c in g S O M M A E N T E R 
P R I S E * IN C . S c i o a t e n , P A 
185o) Tot (7)7)14o 1559 

 t m 
4 ' 
C a sh 

P R O F I T 
P O T E N T I A 
L a u n d ry equipm ent w in sett tor tts.e e e 
P b illio n 342 4*o8 
R E A L estate o ro k e r n eeds w u r T m g o a r i n t r w it h s g i e s m a n s lic e n se e n d k n o w le d g e o f c o m m n etui rea l estate in t a n A n to n to M i 7113 i r m 

L M Gala, 14) IIV I, N il e s Wit vends, S IS 8851 
Naylor Realty Inc 
- S . V 9 L , . 6 ^ , T T u « » w u i . 
A u to Stere s, ) * i l Celt PM M d R d 
W ith H e FOBS, T i (1)7)49 1 M IB 
PWKITOPPWirUNITY 
_ D u n n 8 h r u iis t ie e t s a y s 4Ceif» 
In s t a t ie d O p e r a t e d L e u n d r y o n d D r y 
N a m a r e c te e n in e S te re s a re o n e et tw o ind u strie s with Hie teas! fa ilure figure s 
K N I C K W A S H c e rn o p e r a t e d la u n d r y a n d d r y c la n n in g fe st steres tor sate 
W E H A V E c h o ic e la u n d r y in c a 

'OO* 
1X98155 AN O H « W * 

C o m 

 bens Iii e v e ry part Of i o n A n te in g i re a d y to b uild new 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For in f « m olten (.all i d F lo y d 
511 484 1771 a r v is it o u r w a r . 
• h a u te sh o w ro o m a l 5483 J a c k - weed, tem Aniente T x 7113* 
P a rd C o m m e rc ia l Sate s HW. 
Th e W o rld t L a r g e *! 
Q ue en D istrib u to r 

P a g e 1 8 - D 
S a n A ntonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Su n d a y February 2 7 1 9 7 7 
6o1 
PR OFESSION 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL w 
. m 
6o2 SALES 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 
512 INSTRUCTIONS 

NEW CLASS STARTS PEB. 28 

“ A P P R O V E D FOR V E T E R A N S ” 

• R A D IO -T .V . R EP A IR 
• T ELEV ISIO N TECH. O P E R A T O R 
• R A D IO B R O A D C A S T -L IC E N S IN G 
• R A D IO O P E R A T O R (F.C.C., 1st C L A SS) 

For Information 

CA U -W R IT E OR VISIT 
E L K I N S I N S T IT U T E 

San Antonio, Tx. 
223-1848 

EM PLO YM EN T 
D U D 

6o1-PROFESSIONAL 
6o1-PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 -PROFESSIONAL 
6o1-PROFESSIONAL 

CIGARETTE SUPPLY 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Fort or lull Tim* 
Immediate need in Son Antonio ond/or surrounding towns for distributors All retail outlets are secured by compony, therefore no nduce selling 
Become distributor for such notionally od vertised cigarettes os Winston, 
Camels, 
Marlboro, 
Poll 
Moll, 
Salem*, A ooh,Kent, etc. To quality you must hove a cor 2-8 hrs per week (days or eyes) 
S32oo cosh investment required 
For mote information write to. 
"CIGARET7I D IV IS IO N # ; " 
P O Box 14, Rosemead, Co 9177o 
Include your phone no 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND 

W H E N T H E B A N K S S A Y N O 
W E S A Y G O 
SSO,OOO A N D U P 349 6421 

5o6 FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 

W ATERFRONT 
24 Unit M otel 

W ith M a n a ge rs' apt,, plus 
4 5 space travel trailer park, 
4 2 5 ft. waterfront rights on 
Aransas 
Bay. 
Swim m ing pool, large live oak trees, good family business, priced right! 

CENTURY 21 

ITSCHNER REAL ESTATE 
512— 729-5444 
ROCKPORT, TEXAS 
A R A N SA S PASS, TEXAS 
512— .758-7555 

Investment 
Opportunity 
Apartments 

HUD invites bids for 
Multifamily 
Properties 

See ad in the 

Business/ 

Financial section of 

 this 

 newspaper 

35 ,ooo T O N O ld M in e D u m p 
N evad a, ru n s m o re than tlOO T 
F u lly tested h a lt int a v a ila b le 
D e tails 223 5465 

• 
• 

> a 
* 

SUPERVISOR/QUALITY ASSURANCE 
$ 

An exceptional opportunity exists in our Quality Assurance department for an individual witFt 1-2 years experience supervising quality assurance functions. *£• 
The individual selected will possess in-depth quality assurance supervisory experience within the production area of a manufacturing company. A degree is required, preferably in the science or engineering field. Must be people- oriented. 
PROGRAMMER ANALYST 
M 
• A i 
Excellent career opportunity for a Programmer Analyst. Position requires in- 1^1 dividuals with I -3 years programmer analyst experience on IBM system 3 disc j * j systems. In-depth knowledge of RPG ll language needed. Prefer individual I® * with experience gained in manufacturing operations. Duties will include pro- JAN* gramming, with emphasis on systems analyst. 
J#; 

ETHICO N, INC., the world’s leading manufacturer of surgical sutures, offers excellent salary and benefits. Along with San Angelo, Texas, the combination is hard to beat. A major corporation in a smaller town which enjoys an ex- I® * cellent year-round climate, clean air and excellent schools including a university, lf you are interested in an excellent career opportunity, submit a ••• complete resume, including salary history, to: 

Em ploym ent A dm inistrator 
• J 
ETHICON. INC. ij! 
A Johnson A Johnson Com pany 
P.O. Box 511 
San Angelo, Texas 769o2 
An Equal Opportunity Employer M /F 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
FOR EXPANSION 
Must have recent retail supervisory ex­ perience in one or more of the following departments: Men s, Ladies’ or Children’s 
Wear; Fabrics,- Linens,- Shoes; Cosmetics. 
Learn to be a store manager. G ood pay, good bonus, mony benefits. Closed Sun­ days, reasonable hours. Live in San A n­ tonio. Call or write Mr. Brenner or Mr. 
Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COM PANY 
118 Soledad, San Antonio 782o5, 512-225-7163 

FOOD 
Ground floor opportunity for tho person with o little soles ex­ perience (or strong soles ap titude). You will be San Antonio based calling on established ac­ counts such os supermarket drugs, ond discount stores First year range of SI 2.ooo to SI 3,SOO plus extras Car ond Expenses FEE 
PAID 

I I I 
SALES 

MAITH BEAUTY AID 

Growing notional consumer goods company with a strong establish­ ed product line ond a new pro­ gressive management team has an opening in its expanding sales organiiation for this aren 
This successful candidate should have o college degree, be well organized and aggressive Com­ pensation package includes a highly competitive salary 
$1o,3oo-12,ooo plus lucrative banus plus company car ond ex­ penses FEE PAID 

• y j 

UVBTkROI 

JUNE LEWIS A ASSOCIATES 
SALES PLACEMENT 
SERVICE 
83o N.E. loop 41o 
Suit* 2o9 
828-9o67 

MEDICAL 

Your exposure to hospitals, clinics and labs con provide you with a realistic first year range of 
$16,ooo ta $2o,OOO plus car and expenses and benefits. Our client expects us to present candidates with a winning track record at any kind of medically oriented products. Son Antonia based. FEE 
PAID 
IRAN 

 can offer you new cultures, a fascinating lifestyle, and unlimited career opportunity. 

The Lockheed Aircraft Service Peace Log Pro-J gram is expanding its overseas commitments. [ 
Here’s an excellent opportunity to advance! your career in an area where unlimited! growth potential exists. 

SEE TODAY S SPORTS SECTION for more information on how you coni become part of Lockheed Aircraft Service's! overseas program. 

START YOUR OWN BUSINESS 
WITH FARMERS INSURANCE HELP 

Does owning your own business without in­ vesting capital appeal to you? Does influencing people give you satisfaction? Have you more- than-average initiative, self-discipline and stability? Can you budget yourself on $ 1o,ooo- 
$ I 2,ooo annual guarantee while acquiring the experience and knowledge to earn more? Com ­ plete training in auto, fire, life and commercial insurance. For a confidential interview, call 
Charles Manley at 656-8266. 

A 
. 

SIO MOIIty WANTED 

I N eed ISooo, howe reliab le refer- ences. 674-7296. 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

FOR SALE, 
RENT OR LEASE 

MOORE S CHEVY 
& DODGE GARAGE 

 in Hebbronville, Texas 

Budding is one year 
About 4 acres of lond. thrusted parties contact: 

J. Harvey Moore 
I I I N . Malinche St. 

1-723-4279 or lorn Strange 1-723-3941 

INVESTOR- 
PARTNER 

New tost food franchise being formed featuring hamburgers, tried (birken, fun 'n (hips and daily bai Will guarantee 25% in­ terest on $1o,ooo investment 

Call Howard Carpenter 
494-2491 

R E D W O R M S , c o m p a r e p r ic e * b e fo re y o u b u y 
B u y -b a c k con tra c t tim e p a y m e n t * p la n on a 
I bed 8x3 ft., 5o.ooo w o r m * to a 
6 -b e d o p e r a t io n . a l* o N o r v e lt m a c h in e * a v a ila b le T h o m a s A r ­ nold. 64o7 O risk a n y . Sa n Antonio. 
T x 7B247, SI2-6S6 oo16_____________ 
R E P b 1ox16 P ortab le Sa le s Office 
Com plete T e rm * 732 St71 
R oll Did N e w sp a p e r into fireplace lo o * fo r c a s h , 341 4521 9 S $-9, 
699 1218 A sk for Jack 

S A N A N T O N I O R E P 
N ation al o rga n iz a tio n nee ds local rep In su r . rea l estate b o o kp n g or other office type b u s in e ss can e a rn go o d in c o m e tor m in im u m p ort tim e effort. L o o k in g for sm a ll b u sin e ss thai w an ts e x tra incom e from e xistin g facilities. M u s t n ave convenient office N o p ro sp e c tin g 
O u r c lie n t s c a m e f r o m Y e llo w f p s a n d class, ads, a n d call in for a p p o in tm e n ts 
N o t a f r a n c h is e a n d no c a a it a l o r in v e n t o ry in vestm ent D e tails A .I F lo c , SOI iow a. C olo S p a s C O 8o9o9 
S M A L L H O T E L B U S I N E S S tor sole W est H o u sto n St 227 2762 or 
M W W 
South P o r k M a ll 99o sa It a v o ila tale for le a s* im m ed iate ly C on tact 
922 69oo or 333 O U I a nytim e 
S P O R T IN G G O O D S H ig h vo lu m e 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W e e k s 

Other Training in; 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 
Nurse s Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 

C B M 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

D A Y A N IT E C L A S S E S 
K e y p u n c h , S e c re ta ria l, A cc o u n t m g. D ra ttin g a nd A ll O ther Bust n e ss C o u rse s 
Vet A p p ro v e d E n ro ll N ow 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IQ S S A N P E D R O 
2 2 $ 54o1 
E x p e rie n c e d R e m e d ia l T u to rin g of la n g u a g e le a r n in g d is a b le d stu d e n ts. ( D y s le x ic ) 
R e a d in g a n d m o th c o n c e p t s t o u g h ! b v m ulti se n so ry m ethods 492 2$92 
F in ish H igh Scho o l at H om e 
D ip lo m a a w a rd e d F o r free b r o ­ chure, call A m e ric a n School, loo; tree 
<8oo621-8318 
H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stin so n Fie ld 
♦ M O S S I 
L e a r n P r o f e s s io n a l B A R T E N D 
IN G A n d b ar M A N A G E M E N T , a w o rld w id e p r o f e s s io n 
J o b s in d em a nd in c lu b s o nd re sta u ra n ts tor m en and w om en 
B R O T H E R H O O D S C H O O L O F 
BARTENDING 
A T e x a s Certified T rad e School o ffering free on lob a ssista n c e and d iscount to V ets C all now 
349 9S37 
IB IS 
J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
Suite 
2o2 
N ew C la sse s b egin M a r c h 7 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
67o8 S F lo re s 
924 3o8o 
S o u t h w e s t S c h o o l Of M e d ic a l 
224 2 2 9 6 
A ssista n ce 
I r w d w o y 
Veteran in q u irie s Welcome 
S i d e B es! Xnow n nom e in city A b u s in e ss you w ould be p ro u d lo o w n 
R O H D E 
B U S I N E S S 
B R O K E R S 696 S3 ll________________ 
The O lde C o o p Fe e d Store o n d 
S a lo o n 
U n iq u e , old w e st steak h o u s e 
S e a l in g IT S 
P le a s a n t scenic drive, *o m inutes Ii nm Al b u p u e rq u e 
F o r d etails w rite or t a l l 
E r n ie B e c k R e a l ly 
34 14 
C entro! S E 
A lb u q ue rqu e. N M 
871o6 P ho n e 
SOS 268 m e 
T H E W A R E H O U S E C L U B a n d 
D isc o th e q u e is b e in g ottered tar ! . so le 
R e a so n a b le term s, p ro v e n 
A G R I C U L T U R E f in a n c ia l s u c c e s s C o n ta c t M r \ n c r o e r 
Stout 341-o114. 494 3229 
I 
D E G R E E t u n i 'W iiij'r TF'‘T S Iu w r .w ; M a v # vou f « n *id e re d «»e P e a c e 
■ r V l L . 
. I 
T 
C a r p s 
’ The P e o c e C o r p s e x p e r t 

Texas Vocational School 
1913 S F lo re s 
22* 3253 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
I ^ 
" o utgoing p erson ality, a g g re s siv e 
I co g iv e s c a re e r opp o rtu n ity plus 
$95oo C all D e a n R o s s 7 3 2 2 2 6 1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc. 96 G ill Suite 25o 

T e x a s Low dow n p a y m e n t L o w r e n t 
C a ll 4S» 9443 o tte r 4 P M . 
341 1726 Otter 8 P M 

T O M A T O 

G R E E N H O U S E S 
G ro w notionally a d v e rtise d la m a toe s a n d oth er v e g e ta b le s y e a r ro u n d tor the w holesale m a rk e t 
G r e e n h o u s e s , s p e c ia l g r o w in g fo rm u la s tra in in g a nd m a rk e tin g a ssista n c e includ ed M O M m in in v e stm e n t F r e e d e t a ils c o n ta c t 
T he B v e r lo v ’in F la v o r, R o u te I. 
B o x J IA . H ig h w a y 231 S o u th . 
L a c e y ’s Sp rin g, A la 3S7S4 
Tr a d e or s e l l A k t 1m 6 Y e I 
(22 u n its), R e a l m o n e y m a k e r. 
B p i g a in 73$ 647$ 
U s e d 1ox12 o ffice, t e r m s , fre e d e liv e ry 924 S M ) 
---------------- w e T U V ---------------- 
B u s in e s se s a nd In v e n to rie s 
J K A H N 4 A S S O C 342 4822 tU El' L' F $ V A B U S H E ' b sg e r ie shop. it p m i b u sin e ss, w ill train 
B u y e r $22 OOO 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 77o1 
W ii o le s a ie r e ta 11 "L I V I 1 k i l t 
H O U S E at C a n y o n L a k e F ish tn a tackle , o n p r e m is e s b ee r, p le a s o o t s m o o t h o p e r a t io n 
G o o d p ro fits N e w b u ild in g a n d e q u ip m en! C a sh or ow ner c a r r y note 
I 899 2o68 

WORMS 
W e b uy w a rm s under c on tra ct 
W o rm gro w e rs needed 
$12 453 $14o 
W O R M E N T E R P R IS E S 

(o2 8USINISS OMW IUNItHS 

HOUTH 

T n a l ^ 3 u o ^ 3 ? ^ l r e ^ u s » n e s s T p , p o rlu n ilv in sp a rlin g go o d s bust n e s s in d u stry, ar s e r v ic e s H a s som e capitol W R IT E B O X 79561, on A ntonio T e x a s 7o729 ________ 

5o4 MONEY TO LENO 

" B U S I N E U A 'N F O k t J T u f c E 
C apital A ssista n ce far w orthw hile p rotects o v e r 
85o,ooo Coit M Se id em p n 
Austin. St8-483 18o9 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
W e SP M .utile in the p u rc h a se pf 
•Chattel ar R e a l E state N ate s eF m ane Mil L e a sin g 
• F a c to rin g A cc o u n ts N x c M v a b le 
IN Q U IR E A T t t « 4 ! 14 t i l l N B C M A ). 
S a n A n ton io 

H I G H L A N D P A R K S T A T E B A N K 
The b onk with m a ra tim e tar y o u 1 
H igh la n d at H a c k b e rry $33-31 l l 

B U T H A V E N O C R E D I T FFF 
C oli U nion F in a n c e 723 6871 

 tenet can m e an m o re than lu st an o pp o i tuftily to do so m e go o d 
It con m e an an e xcitin g introd u ction to international a gricultu re, it can b rin g kn o w led ge a n d insigh t into other cultures, it c a n m o a n now io n o u a g e s a n d It c a n m e a n in ro a d s into tabs with go v e rn m e n ta l a ge n cie s here a n d a b ro a d To see s p e c if ic P e a c e C o r p s A s s ig n ments, contact $12 397 592$. E x t 4. 
Cadott 
!| 
A ssista n t d ire ctor vol youth p ro 
? g r o in * tor lo c a l 
R e d C r o s s haptei D e gre e req u ire d, call O 
C or KOM 
824 IO U 

A u U V f f i f A f e “ ^ h o 6 i .s ac 
I e p ilo g a p p lic a t io n s tor 2 C a se w o r k e r s ll p o s it io n s 
A p p lic a n t m u st be w illing to re*M io in N ew 
B i a u n fo ls o r S a n M a r c o s 
B A 
D e g r e e a n d 3 y o g i s p a id C a se w o rk e rs e x p e rie n c e or M S S W r e q u ir e d , t r o v e ) , r e q u ir e d 
*1,ooo M O A p p lic a tio n s a vailable at A u stin State Scho o l 72o3 W lith 
A u s t in 
S I I 454 4731 E x t 
3o7 
E q u a l O p p ortu nity E m p lo y e i 
C O L L E G E G R A D S t h o r o A R E stim u la tin g w a y s to u s e y o u r o x p e r ie n c o . B A or 
M a s te rs W h o re ? th P e a ce C o rp s a nd V IS T A W a h ave req u est tor v o lu n t e e r s fr o m 48 d e v e lo p in g n a t io n s a n d t r a m c o m m u n it y a ge n cie s a c r o ss the U S A Sp an ish s p e a k e r s a re n e e d e d too W e p r o v i d e v o lu n t e e r s l i v i n g a l lewance. tran sp o rta tion , m edical, o th e r b e n e fits 
F in d out w h e re you r d e g re e c a n la k e yo u C e ll 
$17 397 $975 E x t 4. collect 

 f f i f i r Y f f in 
'o , v w <?a C a m p 
Id lo w ild e 
P la n n in g , s la t t in g , su p e rv isio n a nd b u d ge tin g of year ro un d p ro g ra m B A d e gre e p lu s 3 
I ye a rs in c a m p a d m in istra tio n A p p ly Y W C A H S M c C u llo u g h 
A n t o o l O p p i.-Iuiiily E m p loyee 
5 1 T T T T O R of 
M a n p o w e r 
M a n a g e m e n t C o m m u n ity M e n ia l 
Health center P la n s c o o rd in ates 
M b a d m in iste rs p olicies relating to ail p h a se * of p e rso n n e l activity 
M a s t e r s D e g re e in B u s in e s s A d m inistration, M o to rin g rn P e rso n ne I M a n a ge m e n t, I y o g is e xpe r tence rn P e rso n n e l w o rk with en e xp o su re to a health core setting 
Sa la ry ran ge $17,o18 $21,o92 F o r w o rd r e s u m e to B e x a r C o u n ty 
M e n ta l H e a lth. M e n t a l R e ta r d a lio n 
C e n t e r , 
C O 
P e r s o n n e l 
D e p a rtm e n t. O II N 
F lo r e s A n 
E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y A t t ir m it iv e 
A ction E m p lo y e r 
O 
T T W i v I T * A ) N f c S s i M o s you tram D y n a m ic b oss with the o n sw o rs 
Cot! J e rry W ord, 
341 2$$I 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y I M W R E C T O R Se rvic e 
— n t i N k f c i u u f t ----------- 
C O M M E R C I A L P R O P E R T Y 
A N D M A R K E T I N G M G H 
N o tio n al bi o k e ro g o trim h a s op p e rlu n ity in S o n A n to n io for un 
I in d iv id u a l e xp , n c n c e d in c o m 
■ 
. 
...i--I.... - ) in ; *»*««» » 
*-»»eiigns«w vee vs#*** 
P e r s o n a l , p r o p e r t y , b u s i n e s s m e rc io l p r o p e r t y a n d c a s u a lly lo a n s a n y a m ou nt 2 2 7 toto lin o s In d iv id u a l w ill b o d e a lin g 

M o o d y la t h to p u rc h a se y o u r re a l estate m e n a g e s 225 147$ 
W 'K L l H b N o k 
-------- 
J U S T P R O M IS E TO P A V 
A A A C R E D I T 
723-4249 s t a r t in g ex p un d its*, in t a n g ib le a c c o u n t s r e c e i v a b l e ,,c a s h 
• s a i l a b l e t o r th e se e n d e t h e r m o n e y n o o n s C a n #73 8**7 nave 

 d ire ctly with in s u ra n c e com port 
! las a s the m a rk et rep re se n tative 
Pl o ar a g e n cy Se v e ra l y r s exp is n e c e ssa ry , p re fe ra b ly o s on un 
• g r a n t e r O p p o r t u n it y tor o d 
• a rn e m e n t if e x c e lle n t 
W o u ld a p p r e c ia t e h e a r in g g illy t r a m I those who m eet all af Hie a b o v e q u a n tic io n s C a ll J o c k C o n e y 
F r a n k B HOU C g at $12 228-41o1 

PROGRAMMER/ANALYST 
Medicos System s Corporation 
A bader in data processing for tfie health care field is seeking to fill a programmer/ analyst position in San Antonio. Seeking a skilled professional proficient in the use of 
C O BO L, Prior Burroughs and medical ex­ perience desirable. 
Excellent salary and benefit program. 
S sn d resu m e a n d sa la ry h isto ry to; 
M EDICUS SYSTEM S CORP. 
45o2 Medical Or. 
Son A n tonio, Tx 7 8 2 8 4 

ELECTRICAL 
DESIGN 
ENGINEER 

McDerm ott H udson Engineering, a subsidiary oF J. 

Roy McDerm ott & Co., Inc., has been o leader For 

 m any years in the design /consertion of offshore 

 ond onshore petroleum and petrochem ical facilities. 

W e are now diversifying into the d e sig n / construction 

 of commercial com plexes 
This has created a need 

For o degreed Electrical Engineer with a minimum of 

8 yeors in electrical design For all types of com ­ 

 mercial Facilities 

The successful candidate will be experienced in 

 preparing cost estimates, coordinating electrical re­ 

 quirements with the client, the field ond vendoors, 

 providing technical direction For electrical drafting, 

 preparing specifications and perform ing checkouts of 

 commercial systems 
Registration is helpful but not 

 required. 

W e offer an excellent com pensation package ond 

 highly professional work environm ent Starting salary 

 will reflect qualifications. 

F le as, submit ii. railed resum e including rotary History and roguiromonts. in complete confidence to: B A t t Y L A C I Y . 

M cDe r m o t t h u d s o n 

ENGINEERING 

P.O. Box 361oo, ffouston, Texas 77o36 

An (qual Opportunity im p lo y o r M /F 

NORTHROP 
Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc. 

 has immediate openings for: 
INSTRUCTIONAL PROGRAMMERS 
Must have indepth experience in the develop ment of textual and audio visual instructional material based on behavioral objectives in a criterion reference system Must work with in­ structors SMI s in the development of pro grammed instructional text, sound/slide page segments in videotape scripts. BS degree dre- quired 
TEACHERS/INSTRUCTORS 
Experienced in teaching aircraft maintenance 

 and munitions leading sublets. A college degree is required A pius tor those who have been in US military aviation instructional 

 systems and have prepared detailed lesson pions. 
LIBRARIAN ASSISTANT 
Experience in descriptive cataloging of new library materials tallowing standard horary prac­ tices ond procedures Minimum of 2 years Horary experience. 
TV PRODUCER/DIRECTOR 
Minimum 3 years experience in instructional educational TV production. College degree in radio and TV a plus 

 thus# qualified and interfiled send detailed resum e ta: 
N W A S I 
P.O. Box 27217 
San Antonio, TX 78 227 jOr call Don Trundle (512) 674-3743. equal opportunity employer M/f 

M A N U F A C T U R I N G 
E N G I N E E R S 

TRACoR INC in Austin, Texas has immediate open ings for manufacturing engineers with experience in high technology, low production volume elec ironic ond mechanical military hardware Requires background in either electrons assembly, metal fobmotion, or metal finishing techniques. 

Positions offer excellent salary and benefits 
Qualified applicants should send resume with saiory history to Trow, Inc., Deportment SAI277, Person net Office, 65oo Trocor lone, Austin, TX 78721. 
AT TRACOR INC. 
I k w s d 

All Positions Agency Fee Paid by Employer 
PUBLIC RELATIONS REP.— 
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE 
$17,5oo + 
Duties placing commercial property and casualty insurance with major cor­ nets after sale by others Complete PR responsibilities with these corners re­ quired fxperience required - track record in commercial property and casualty to have included all areas of some 
Opportunity excellent tor income advancement 
All business expenses provided 

SALES MGMT TRAINEE— 
CONSUMER PRODUCTS 

(Children) 
Bose Salary + Bonus « $1 S.OOO first Year Income 
Second Year Income $2o,ooo Area 
Duties contacting retail dept stores which oce est accounts and opening new accounts os well fxperience requited college degree No sales exp necessary Retail mgmt exp or military |f grade officer esp most desired 
Mgmt promotion ond responsibility after I yr exp 
Overall opportunity outstanding 
Company out# and expenses provided 

LOSS PREVENTION ENGINEER 
$1o,ooo - $11,ooo Base Salary 
Duties loss pcevention inspection for ma|or insurance company to determine if fur prevention standards ore met Duties also include safety inspection of all related OSHA requirements fxperience required none College degree. BS engineenng (any field) or 
BS industrial technology, however. IS in o heavy science definitely con­ sidered 
Advancement potential excellent 
Company auto and expenses provided 

SALES • RECREATION INDUSTRY 
$1o,8oo + wholesale sales calling on established os well as seeking new ac- 

 minimum of I yr in any wholesale 

Duties counts in the recreation industry f ipetience requited, college degiee soles capacity 
Advancement opportunities excellent 
Company auto ond expenses provided 
By Appt. O n ly 
Thompson Employment Service 
1259 Jackson Keller 

Service Technician 
Houston Area 
Entry Level Position 

Electrical (not electronic) Mechanical background 
(ability to read a schematic required) 

 m W fiC O M f APPLICATIONS FROM 

OU Alif ItD MINORITY ANO F t M A li C A N D ID A T E 

Am erican 
Sterilizer C o offers excellent com pony paid benefits including medical insurance, com pony cor & pense* 
You would be w orking on an independent basis, mostly in hospitals m on assign ed territory m aintaining sterilizers, surgical tobies ond lights, water stills and other health care equipment in hospitals 

A 5 6 week com pany paid training school in Erie, Po will prepare you for the lob 

Send your background, phone num ber ond salary qua ament* by M arch 4 th to 

3*rry Lytle 
1 o o o 3 C e n t r a l ( . p r e . . w a y S u i t . 3 3 * 
Richardton, Texas 7 5 o 4 o 

» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
» 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
* 
■ 
P R O D U C T I O N C L E R K 
J , 
| , j .Immediate opening in Pleasanton office of Den-j, j ver-bosed oil and gas company for experienced]- 
I * 'Production Clerk. Must have worked with p ro -*' 
J ’deletion severance taxes and be well versed in * ’ 
].field operations and inventory. 
Excellent]. 
11 ’benefits and opportunity for advancement. * * 
* ’Salary commensurate with experience. 
In- * | 
I .terested parties please j . 
Call Collect 
J 
1-569-2676 
! 
I 
I • 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

MANAGEMENT TRAINEE 

Complete training program 

Salary while training 

Sales and/or PE background helpful 

Apply in person 

1335 NE Loop 41o 
TRIM & SWIM HEALTH SPA 

I M 

PERSONNEL MANAGER 
A N EXPER IEN C ED G E N E R A L IS T W H O C A N P E R F O R M 
A N D DIRECT C O M PLET E P E R S O N N E L F U N C T IO N S IN 
N E W H O U S T O N , TX O F F IC E S O F C A L IF O R N IA B A S E D 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L E N G IN E E R IN G A N D C O N S T R U C T IO N 
C O M P A N Y W ITH W O R L D W ID E O P E R A T IO N S 
P O S IT IO N R E Q U IR E S S IM IL A R P R E V IO U S EX P E R IE N C E 
A N D P R O V E N ABILITY IN THE R E C R U IT M E N T O F P R O ­ 
F E S S IO N A L , T E C H N IC A L A N D ALL S U P P O R T IN G O F F IC E 
P E R S O N N E L 
EXCELLENT 
S A LA R Y , 
B E N E F IT S 
A N D 
FUTURE P O TEN TIA L M A K E TH IS A N E X C E P T IO N A L O P 
PO RTU N ITY. CALL (5 1 2 ) 3 4 9 3 2 2 1 
F O R FURTHER IN 
F O R M A T IO N A N D IN T ER VIEW , 
O R M A IL C O M P L E T E 
R E SU M E W IT H W O R K A N D S A L A R Y H IS T O R Y T O 
APEX International 
Sszite 238, 41o Place N.W . 
6326 Sovereign Dr., San Antonio, Tx. 782 29 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
5 P .M . T O 9 P .M . 

College, High School, Military or Retired Persons can 

 earn up to $4.oo Per Hr. m aking calls from our of­ 

 fice. 
N o Experience N e e d e d 
Free P a rk in g 
Coll Mr. Green 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 o an equal opportunity em ployer 

AM SCO 
American Sterilizer Company 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in they* columns o k o.cepted on the premise thot lobs ol feted will be filed on the bosn of merit without discuminoiion because of sex unless the (ob is o bonofide oc cupotionol quohficotton 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
Hie Son Antonio frivol# fmptoynient 
Association has o rigid (ode of Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe for in 
(o1 motion about private employment agencies or action on complaints, coll 
?*4 78o? ot the letter 
Business 
Bureau 

JANUARY 1977 

* 
2 
, 
9 
1 
3 
, 
4 
4 
o 
66 HOMES SOLD 
By the N O R T H C EN TRAL Office of the D E A N IE O W E N S 
C O 
O nly O N E of the 2 2 offices in town 
H ow w as it d o n e ? By the best com bination of hard work, o ffrtudg, a n d training, training, training. The winning team has op e n e d a new office, onc< it 'b o k in g for m ore Talks to train, train, train, lf yea believe in yourself, a n d have a desire to le a rn , you m ay qualify for the privilege of w earing 

A R E D C O A T 

 which is the finest selling tool in the city today, a n d is a m ajor reason we are " O N 
TOP '. Call 
Paul Phillips a t 3 4 9 -3 5 3 5 for a co n fid e n tial in te rv ie w 

A n E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity / A ffirm a tiv e A c t io n E m p lo y e r M /F 

INTERNATIONAL SPA FITNESS is now hiring 
M an age m e n t Trainees 

 lf you meet any of the following requirements, toll Mr. Von at 
699 3o3o 

• Physical education 
• Ambitious 
• Studied concept of aerobics 
• Interested in advancement 
• Enjoy working with people 

Excellent fram ing program 

G o o d pay 

Excellent major medical program ond profit sharing plan 
8 7 5 7 W u rz b ach Rd. equal opportunity em ployer 

ADMINISTRATOR 

Multi level facility is seeking on experienced ad mmistrator to fill on immediate opening This is an op­ portunity to join one of Son Antonio $ torgest ond most successful nursing homes Must possess a current lexos 
Nursing Home Administrator license and a minimum of 2 yrs. experience 

Solid resume and qualifications to 

Express I News Box 452o 

Soil Antonio, Tx. 78297 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

Most of the better, higher paying jobs are not adver­ tised Haldane can show you how to find these (obi and how to get the inter­ views Send your resume today or call now (or a no cost or obligation interview 
Not a placement agency! 

■ ■ 
■ abet nard 
I laklane 
Sir* mr associates 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 
San Antonio 
C a n d if y B ld g 
8 4 M c o o p 4 1 o 
S u i t . ? T S W e st 7 D e n t L 
( 5 1 2 1 3 4 2 3 1 6 6 
S a n A n t o n io , T u n 7 8 2 1 6 
A lso Houston and Dallas 

C a t *- t o t C U T I V t 

 lf YOU HAVE A 
PLEASANT VOICE AND 
UKE TALKING ON THE 
PHONE AND ARE 
A MATURE, 
SELF CONFIDENT 
PERSON AND WOULD 
UKE TO 
EARN EXTRA INCOME 
FULL OR PART-TIME 
CALL 2 2 5 -5 4 4 1 

TEACHERS! 
Sp ecializin g T e ach e r p lacem ent 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V 
3o7 J o c kso n -K e lte r 
828 1292 

REAL ESTATE CAREER NIGHT 
W o u ld you like to know more about a full time career in real estate and the advantage* that only Red Carpet con o ffer? lf you live in Northw est Sa n Antonio, let us show you how Red Carpet, through our soles schools, in office video tup* training, national referral service, ond e x­ tensive TV advertising, con turn your personal success commitment into a rew arding lifetime career 
C om e whether you are licensed or not 
Monday, February 28, 7 P.M. 
CAU 699-1133 far Your Reservation Now 

 rid Carpet, 
R 
E 
A 
L 
T 
O 
R 
S 
' 

Corner of W u abadi A Babcock Roods 

Y W C A E X E C U T I V E D I R E C ­ 
T O R 
M A or B A re q u ire d 
3 y r s w o rk e x p e r ie n c e in a d m in is t r a ­ tion. edu catio nal a n d recreatie not p r o g r a m m in g 
E x p o r ig n c o in p la nn ing, d eve lo p in g, im p le m e n t­ i n g a n d e v a lu a t in g p r o g r a m , s u p e r v is io n et o r o fg s slo n a l a n d volunteer staff, b u d ge tin g, m a n o g e m g n t of t a c lllt io * 
A n e a u a l opportunity e m p lo y e r R E S U M E S 
O N L Y 
Y W C A , 318 M c C u llo u g h , 
Sa n A ntonio T ok 7831S 

 so? sx ;s_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A R E Y O U T H IN K IN G of se lling tho one th in g o v e r y o n g n e e d s - 
R e a l E s t a t e ? W e ll tra in lull or p a r t tim e 
E a s y to d o w ith o u r s p a c ia l p r o f e s s io n a l t r a in in g sch ool no e xp e rie n c e n e c e ssa ry 
We fu rn ish all b u y e rs and se n o rs tor you o nd help you got licen se s q u i c k ly 
C a l l 
I N T E R S T A T E 
828-o7 SS til I p m _____________ 

Attention A A H agents 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

We con train you to earn up to $4 OO per making 

 colls from our office, we ore on the Bos line ond we hove free parking. 

 lf you ore 18 or over ond need a steady job with a chance for advancement please coll 

M r . B ro w n 
2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 
An Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

F re e le a d * 1 C oll 342 1294 
C A k l t - R 6 A A 6 r V u N l T y " 

C O O R D IN A T O R lf Yea tiqey tutrix Xeienons and 
AdmwntfebY# eori you might bt ekgwte ie MI em ae* pen lien et ceordinelmg medical pet Mutuel We ere hoking tor a person mteiosted et accepting lesaennfedrty end progressing 
•ira • test yowing Not tonal medical s e w * 
J ll, some weekends beelent opportunity evadable fee tile right person 
■ 
M v r *4 » fin 4 t « r » 
236-6333 

, 
H A I R D R E S S E R S 
Rsorro D u v a l H a ir M u dra N orth 
• ro a d w a y , those m terettod. call 
(28 47SI or 824 $$77 

J W H U I i i t + G ’ s t ! U S o o T i T T n a r d H a ld a n e « A s s o c 
( S i t ) 
342 3146 
S in c e 
1947 
N o t a 
W j t W r i j l j g d l c y 

ON 4 W A N I AD 
IHA N U M IL R TO CALL 
15 32$ I AAA tftPtt ■jb AN O NL N A 

ARCHITECT/ 
ARCHITECTURAL 
DRAFTSMAN: 

 kit ruler lur al turn involved ie of tee commercial temple set cmd multi family housing seeking person with design oithiieiiuiol drawing, drafting capabrifttet prime requirements 

■ v p i y tw 
5 1 2 -5 4 9 -1 391 

M erit a ting Hop, ins o x * tor 
F R irs presfspraos firm 
SI TOO coil R a t K irk 6$7 t i l l 
S N E L L I N G • S N E L L I N G ferns* SVC OTO) R o u g h Rtdei 
M g m t o n d s o le * a d m in c a r e e r 
JU ut v C all tor opp! S S S t lS S 

P ro fe ssio n a l E x e c u tive 
C on su lta n ts int I 
H e r sennet C o n su l taut* 
6243 IN 18, Susie 448 

 in tm t x u e iss rotw s 
C A U 32$ 1o66 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT 

SERVICE 

U U JOHN VEST 

826-9671 

ESTIMATORS (2) 

Structural slot) fabftcolton, must bo experienced Sal 

 ary SISK I up, foe paid 

INDUSTRIAL ENGRS. 

ISIL, o • 2 years ex­ perience Need 4. S IM • 
I3K, fee paid 

QUALITY CONTROL 

Food 
• dairy pf odor I $ 

Degree 4 3 
4 years min 

 oxpr SUK 
I7K, fee paid 

CUSTOMER ENGR. 

Ueclrontcs, design, check 

 drawings, liaison with pro­ duction SIO SK - I2K, fee 

 paid 

•2o OOM 
2444 Coopee ll 

W onted e xp e rie n c e d lic e n se d B a ­ l u s t e r with m in im u m et I ye ar e x * in c a s u a lty 
E q u a l O p p o rt u n ity 
E m p lo y e r Contact L l D o v td sa n 

Sates a sso c ia te s needed, licensed e xpe rie nce d or those e ntering the b u sin e ss, p ra c tic a l tra in in g a nd e d u c a t io n a l c o u r s o s - s o m i n a r s I tim e ly sc h e d u le d 
F o r a p p o in t m o m 824 4sot 

REQUA REALTY CO 
Realtors 
S1o8 B ro a d w a y 
824 4So7 
_____________sin ce 1892 

 c 6 m M i s s i o n a n d b o n u s 
C o m p a n y c a r w h e n q u a lif ie d 
A p t ly at Su ite 21o. C o n tin e n ta l 
B u i ld in g , 
6 8 3 6 
S a n 
P e d r o . 
U A M 3P M . M o n F r i 

C O M M U N I C A T I 6 n $ 
S h o rp p ro lo call on in d u st r y o x e c t 
B a s e 
SIO K f com m , b on u se s, co co r ♦ e x p 
S u p e r b e n e f it s 
C o ll L e e J 
B aker. 34 1 25$I 
S N E L L I N G * S N E L L I N G 
E m ploy IOT W R E C T O R Se rvice 
C o m u u ii, Cor I fvouodi-nl degree, outgoing, deal with exec 
S93oo C all Betty G ra n t 732-2261 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m u SVC, 84 OKt-Suite 25o c o m p a n y C orre sp o n d e n t degree, outgo in g deal with axac. I 
$93oo C oil Betty G ra n t 732 2241 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc. 96 G ill Suite 2SO 
“ n j? F 6 M M A«6UWY------ 
P O S IT IO N 
P e r m a n e n t o p p o r tu n it y in S a n 
A n to n io s p e c i a l is in g in p u b lic relation * sates o nd se rvice w ork tor la rge Sa n A n ton io b a sa d firm : 
S ta rtin g s a la r y to $auo m o p lu s 
B o n u s C o ll M r 
Sc o tk a 691 I SSO ^ between 9qm 4pm 

 b a l l a s 4 a t e d M a n u f a c t u r e s I 
R e p r e s e n t a t i v e s A u t o m o t iv e 
R e p la c e m e n t P a r t s In d u st r y , is se e kin g re g io n a l m a n a ge r cove r m g A u stin. S a n A ntonio, C o r p u s a n d the V o lle y 
E x p e r ie n c e ab senilely n e c e ssa ry Se nd re su m e to 
P o B ox 4$42 E x p r e s s N e w s 
Se n Antanw , 
Tx 78297 
S l ic k l y confidential 

 b V i i A M l f S o lo * re p for e sta b h c u i co M a r y 82k *494 N ow D a y 
P e rs o n n e l C o n st!* 981 N E LOOP 
418 Suite $18 

TALENT 

O u r tem. tpeoxfcrm g * Urn W are m em et in le t pettowuM 
M 
.eq a b u g le and w y X m dr.iduai ro p able at - w k m g »<*> top cosher p rale tte m alt 
C a r e*Q u i t , appl,W ig 

 choule) t e e tome b o n n e t! or w in 
••pnttwe. o h q h ab gim i at 
« motive, and be oriented lo people a n d e th e l 
The m er? it chaken w ny 

 e nd die 'e m w n w a re * » tubttannat 
O u itK m d m g p ro d u ct,I recarte in cirrated m oney m ce nln et tx p e n e re e d prete tp o n ait and taler, ted. money m o t'coted newt o m e n carmot find a more le m r d m y ap portvmity than recruthng tai out long till et prettigroul chem cam porees 
The mdwtduo! lettered wet! be pro ie tp o n o h y h om e d an d prep ared lee e t u c t e t t M career w dh a gyocemg end aggrett,«e tem It yew q uah r, end w ould fake a ten h de n ho l rn t e n n e r , p le o t e com C a ro l 
N e c k e m utge or 8 2 8 9 o 6 9 

♦ 
TF 
Iou can t mn it you re afraid to jL 
4- get your foot wet 
Wt don I 4 

4 guarantee smooth railing, wha! 

A 1 wt do otter q a (home to mob* 

J money 
Commit worn like this 

J don t come with nice raft J 

J guarantees 
It you re an rn 
^ 

 j d'vidual who cm bandie the 

4 freedom who i i willing to go oil 4 

4 out, rat e boid course ond get 4 

4 with the winners, tail bk 4 

+ lenedetti at M f IT I 7 Atween ♦ 

+ 
IO em ond 3 pm for 

J pomtmont 

 m ap 

E A R N 
B E T W E E N 
$l2,doo t i, oag a vower, b u y in g e n d s o llin * re a l e stato on a 
H a t s w id e O a sis 
N o o x p e r u n c o n e c e ssa ry writ train 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
533-31o7 Realtor 

 m g n g g f i n m h k R 
S O N to coil on su p e r m a r k e ts in th e S a n A n t o n io o r e o s o m e g r o c e r y e x o e ria n c e n e c e s s a r y , s a la r y ra n g e to $96o8 a n n u a lly , in te rv ie w w ill be c o n d u c te d by 
M a r c h 1$, se n d b rie f re su m e to 
John K irk w o o d Jr 
L u k e So ules 
Inc., P O B ox oJS7 Sen Antonio, Tx 
782o9, phone ($12) 8J4-e$o2 r tWTWft h l 6 f l T l U < l k I f i it yo u o r * in d u strio u s, c a n follow 
Instru ction s, a nd do s u e m depen d an ce , we m a y h a v e the e xac t 
....... 
B ort lim e b u sin e ss for you Se nd a m u ch a n d m o re b e c au se 
* p f ®“ * • ’" * - B o * 
W U ..-.*.. 
__________________ c o m m i s s io n s a r e h ig h e i t h a n 
K e m p e r I n s u a r q n c e C o 
441$ 
# v , r 
^ R V d S l M o n l ! 
P r a t 
T E X A S O IL C O M P A N Y n e e d s 
C enterview 
O r 
Sen 
A n to n io ” • "* « * . RR rts d istribu tio n P re to r .e q u ip m e n t ) P r o a t r a in in g p r o m a t u r e p e r s o n fo r s h o r t t r ip s 

R L B C T R O N ! C S C o u n te r S a le s ­ m en, sh o uld h a v e p re v io u s exp 
■ alo 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA 
Sa le sp eo p le a re a m o n g the h igh est p aid rn the w o rt* 
11 Im m ed iate o p e n in gs 
2 W e writ tram 
( J M o st trave car 
4 W e w o rk le a d* a p p l b a sis 
F o r p e rso n a l interview 

C a ll 732-21o5 
~ - *lV fS ffL i:ik T A H UoUH I 
K im p p Shoe p art lim e ta le s m a n e a rn this 

7 J* 4*8$ 

 ll 72$ 1666 
I X O O I * * A N O N t W S 

_ 1 _ . 
:-- r * 
. 
” " T .... -»gr»W 
"'WW! T *fBl )UH IQI •IIVI I lf ID] recent electronics course gram! Fro# sheet! Interested* ' surrounding San Antonio Contact graduate, with a astite to work w rite; 
M S M uon or, Knapp c u s t o m e r s 
W e t r a i n 
W r it e 
,uN re . Call 
W j*#. IN Knapp Center, Brock R E D ic k , P r o s S o u t h w o s t o r n 
H i n t ! betw een S t 
(ten. M a ssa c h u se tts o2481 
Petroleum . Ft Worth, Tx 

2 
L I N E S 
S 
1 r n * * 
■ 
I O D 
A Y S 

NON COMMSRCiAM 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAW CHANGE 

4 
9 c a i A A A 

QUICK RCSULTSl 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 27 1977 

NEW 
DATSUN DEALERSHIP 
OPENING SOON 

Applications are being taken for experienced sales people and qualified service technicians: 
Ex­ cellent career opportunity, fine working conditions in new facility, many good benefits including surance, hospitalization, etc. 

 i n ­ 

 phase send resume or letter of qualifications to: 

OUR EMPLOYEES KNOW OF THIS AD 
APPLY IN STRICT CONFIDENCE TO 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 
P.O. BOX 449o 

WILL 
TRAIN 

It y o u o re in te re ste d in a s o le s c a re e r, w e w ill tra in 

 y o u to re p re se n t us in this a re a . 

W e w ill te a ch y o u to sell 

 g u a ra n te e d a u to m o tiv e 

 p o rts, fa ste n e rs a n d 

 c h e m ic a ls to a u to m o tiv e 

 d e a le rs a n d g a ra g e s 

★ 
P a id T ra in in g 

★ 
Established Accounts 

* 
G u a ra n te e d D ra w 

A 
H ig h C o m m issio n 

* 
P ro te cte d T e rrito ry 

A 
M a n a g e m e n t 

O p p o rtu n ity 

♦ 
H o s p ita liz a tio n a n d 

In suran ce 

 to r personal in terview call: 
Don Stone 

M onday, 12 noon • 9 p.m. 
Tuesday, 9 a.m . • 9 p.m. 

828-o781 
Se tgvel Oypntvmty impieytr 

P H A R M A C E U T I C A L S 
$9,6oo + B O N U S + C A R L A R G E 
N o t'l C o E x p a n d in g , de g re e. so le s exp. C a ll 686-868o 
F I N N E Y & A s so c P e rso n n e l 
Cons, 593$ C a lla g h a n No32S 
P la n o O rg a n S a le sp e rso n (M -F ) 
N e e d n o t h a v e e x p e r ie n c e in s e llin g th e se p ro d u c ts b u t som e p la y in g a b ilit y . J o b o p p o rtu n ity o f t e r p o t e n t ia l o f SIO 5 2o ,o o o deorm ding on a b ilitie s W ill tra in . 
A p p ly to E x p re s s -N e w s B ox 2691, 
78297. 
P ro fe s s io n a l J r. E x e c u tiv e w ith p u b lic re la tio n s a n d a b ilit y a n d b a c k g ro u n d in s a le s o r te a ch in g o r m a n a g e m e n t. It y o u q u a lify you w ill re c e iv e in te n s iv e p ro fe s ­ s io n a l t r a in in g a lo n g w it h e x ­ t r a o r d in a r y e a r n in g p a c k a g e . 
S ta rtin g in c o m e to $18,ooo + in- I ce n tiv e p a y m e n t plan and frin g e ben efits B e a p a rt of a m u ltim il lio n d o lla r c o rp . P le a s e s u b m it re su m e to P O B ox SG Son A n to n io ' 
78217_______________________________ 
R e a l E s ta te S a le sm e n fo r s u b u r­ ban p io p e rty , on site sa le s, $5oo p e r m o n th d ra w n a g a in s t c o m ­ m issio n 494-231o 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 

H O N E S T . . . 

1. $ 1 o o-$2 oo per d a y a ve rag e commission. 

2. No com petition. 

3. Daytim e selling to local businesses. 

4 . W e offer group insurance. 

5. $ 12 oo guaranteed first m onth. 

N O PHO NY R U N -AR O U N D S 

TOTAL INFORMATION BY PHONE 

C a ll M r. Ellis 

M o n . A Tu es. 9 A M - 5 P M 

7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 
Are you considering makinq o thong* in Real Estate Companies? 
Oo you find yourself unhappy with your personal production ana can’t quiet put your finger on the cause’ Hove you asked yourself the'® questions lately’ ll you hove, why don t you coll 
DfANIf OWENS REALTORS and ask 
♦or a confidential interview Con cerning what 
Hearne 
Owens 
Realtors has to offer regarding pro fessionol training, excellent com­ mission structure, happy selling environment, Plus an opportunity to become a member of the Cherry 
Red Coot 'MILLION DOLLAR CLUB 
C a ll 3 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 for confidential interview 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our expansion program has 
•paned several residential sales positions et cnreer-erient- 
•d persons with or WITHOUT experience. Tour success poten­ tial is thoroughly explored in our 
CONRDCNTUL interview program H you are accepted, you benefit from em extensive in house training program and our proven success patterns. 
Call Jerry Seagrove. 824 O U I,, j at our San Padre Office ar itll 
McGinnis, 
494-7*51, et eur I 
Breakbone* Office, TSU® Sa* 
Pedro. 

 k o s o u r & k f i m * ^ 

REALTORS-5o YtS. Of TRUST 

TOP SALES 

OPPORTUNITIES 
CALL VIC SALIN! 
826-9671 
LO CK ! 
Employment Service 

SALIS REF. 

Individual with outside soles ex peneiN* m budding motel tats, 
Ins. et other to travel So TI 
Minimum of ? years roUeg* To 
HO IK 4- cor 4 expenses 4 incentive fee pod 

SAUS REP. 

Advertising compony seeking male et female with minimum of 
3 yews outside sales experience, 
A I yews college to travel locally 
Notional company SI 4k + 
S2oQ mo expenses 4 bonus 

PR. SUPERVISOR 

Ternate et male Ie relocate Nvy hovel by aa Oagreed lo SIOK 
4- expense account fat I relocation paid 

SAUS REP. 

Degree 
Omkgiound t* I (loc att I* TI I* 
SIOW 4 tor ♦ expenses + banus fee I relocation pend 

TELEPHONE SAUS 

On* year exponent* on phone nectssuiy M 
I full benefits 
National Compony SASO month 
•2* 9*71 
244* Coatee SI. 

(O M fM R Q A l AND 
INVESTMINT 
R IM ESTATE SALES 
W a eon b a b 
VT* 
MU sav o r N a earaav b 
C* w m m h M av a aw th l e d laeata I* foe yaw 
MMT 
Mmrnmmm, 
WI ewe tm w iN w w H w w l w 
I -2 b e j H w n m e w d wl 

 r a 
^ 
N 
«» t»^ , 

 aa ^ |« g p4* * e5 C i*3 

■ 

824-6395 
Guy Capman Ox. 

R EA LTO R S 

TILE PHONE S A U S 

 is ** xpondmg 

^mgiT'ben. benefits ore poet of on 

Cedi Mn twee** 
73*4*91 

SALES 

LIMITED TRAVEL 

Gum on teed weekly draw plus homing incentives from S2oo to 
S3So against liberal commissions 
Senior salesmen earning SII,OOO ta S4S.OOO 
Management op­ portunities 

FRINGES INCLUDE Hospitoluotioa. lift 
Insurance, 
Profit shoring 

Retirement 

You receive soles homing in th* territory Our products ort non technical and readily learnable 

We sell ta th* Industrial, food 
Processing, Automotive and In shtuhanoi Market High quality products bring profitable repeat teles 

You must hove a successful work or self employment history Soles background optional 
A lot* model car leguned 

Interviews AK on and fleas. 

Can You Ovately? Contact 

Rog*r Ugault 

(512) 732-5141 

In Son Antonio 

In unable la racKh sated 

DELTA FO REM O ST 

CH EM ICALS 

EQ . IOX 3o31o 

MEMPMS. K L 3413o 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

I WANT TWO fwd time reliable 
REAL 
ESTATE S A LE S M E N I will horn com pletely and share a very lucrative business 
M y top salesmen have 

 m ode over $ 9 o o o in the first two months of 1977. 

Tom Taylor 
494 5237 or 824-6288 

PART TIME 
$1 IO per week 
We need IS people to work evenings. * hi IO rn (affy fat Warning 
Detection field No ex­ perience, will from, must bove cor. 

73541 S3, ext. J 

Beanie Owens Co. 
So. Central Office 

(xperienced Reol [stat* Soles 
People wha device to succeed or* encouraged (TO COML S ill WUN 
US IN THE SOUTH ffNIRAl PART 
Of TNT (ITT) You con gel 
ON 
TOP and Stay ON TOP by tom . mg our Sales force* WI hove pood listings t* sell ANO pro*./* a 
Great Commission Schedule 

 lf YOU Att INTERESTED 
Loll Bill Borrow lot confidential 
Interview 974 /311 

SALESMAN 

O pportunity to grow with a large retoil firm. Ex- c ellen* w orking con ­ ditions 
S alary 
+ com ­ m ission Com pony bonus, insurance, pend vocation ond holidays. 

 a p p ly im p e rs o n 

H O P P ’S TV 
A Appliance Center 

231 I S. Hackberry 

 equal opportunity employ*! 

R e a l E s ta te A g. an d B ro k e rs ot 
W o o d c r e e k R e s o r t In c . n e e d ag en ts an d b ro k e rs to re p re se n t its H ill C o u n try R e s o r t in S A 
W oo dcre e k is 6 y e a rs o ld an d h as 
36 holes of p la y a b le golf, 18 holes u n d e r c o n s t r u c t io n , 16 t e n n is cou rts, 3 sw im m in g pools, sta b les, h e a lt h S P A , a r t s a n d c r a f t s ce n te r, la rg e w ith 21 m otel roo m s. 
W e st W o rld R e s ta u ra n ts . W a te r 
H o le C lu b , o v e r 2So h o m e s an d to w n h o u s e s , la k e s a n d c r e e k s , conven. ce n te r, u n d e rg ro u n d util., 
2 g o lf p ro s h o o s , A M P th e a te r, ten n is p ro shop, m in i-m a rin a , a ir s t r ip . O u r c o m m is s io n s a r e am o n g the h ig h e st in the re a l e s­ ta te in d u s try , c a ll M o n - F r i. 9-S, a sk fo r M rs . K o e h ie , A c re a g e an d ca m p site R e so rts soon a v a il, tor m a rk e tin g in th is so m e a re a 
R e a l e s ta te sa le sm e n fo r s u b u r ba n p ro p e rty on s ite s a le s, $Soo p e r m o n th d ra w n a g a in s t c o m ­ m ission . 494-231o 

Real Estate Sales 
It you a re lice n se d an d co n sid e r m g c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s o i > p re p a rin g to a p p ly fo r a licen se , c a ll m e to r an in te rv ie w . In a d d i­ tio n to a g e n e ro u s c o m m is s io n | s c h e d u le , w e o ffe r e x c e p t io n a l j o ffice a c co m o d a tio n s in e x ce lle n t I lo ca tio n s p lu s s o c ia l s e c u rity an d j 
M e d ic a l I n s u r a n c e p a y m e n ts , i 
R U S S K L IN G I N S M IT H , 342 41oo 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
R E A L E S T A T E 
T R A N I N G S C H O O L 
F re e to r in d iv id u a ls in te re ste d in a c a re e r in re a l estate F u ll tim e on ly 
W ill c o n s id e r p a rt tim e. 
681-o66o 

RED CARPET 

REAL ESTATE 
I need 3 a g e n ts th a t need an in ­ c o m e in e x c e s s o f $1S.ooo th is y e a r 736-4426, J e ffe rs o n O ffic e , 
O E A N I E 
O W E N S 
C O ., 
R E A L T O R S . 
R o u t e D r i v e r a n d s a le s m a n . 
S m o ll food d is t r ib u t o r re q u ir e s e x p e rie n ce d rou te s a le sp e rs o n to d is trib u t e s e m i-p e ris h a b le food p ro d u cts, g ro u n d flo o r o p p o rtu n i­ ty 
S e n d r e s u m e , in c lu d in g m o n e ta ry re q u ire m e n ts to R ou te 
S ales. P O B ox 17864, San A nton io, 
78217 

R oute D r iv e n e n try leve l. 
N atl 
B ra n k , b e v e ra g e b a ck g ro u n d 
$45o C o ll P h il A rro y o 732-2261 
S N E L L I N G & S N E L L I N G 
E m u S vc, 96 G ill Suite 25o 

SALES - CASHIER 

LADIES 

SPECIALTY STORE 
M u s t h a v e e xp in r e ta il fa sh io n s e llin g an d c a s h ie rin g W o n d e rfu l o p p ly 
M a n y b e n e f its C a ll fo r ap p t M r. H ill 734-5o35 T u e s -Sat. 

JAY’S 
W O N D E R L A N D _________ 
4 A L E S , p a r t tim e , 5 9 p m , c o r n e c e s sa ry , $5 p e r h o u r, c o ll fro m 
15 pm , 922-3467. 

S A L E S - R E T A I L 
F u ll lim e fo r m a tu re in d iv id u a l. 
P le a s a n t w o rk in g co n d itio n s A p ­ p ly E v e n s o n g H a llm a r k C a rd s , 
J-1, W in dsor P a rk , San A n ton io, 
Texas. 
S A L E S S P E C I A L I S T 
$13,2oo-6 B O N U S '* C A R , 
N A T 'L 
C O 
M g m t a b ility , sates b k g n d 
P d be n efits G a il F o x 684-868o 
F I N N E Y A A s so c P e rso n n e l 
Cons, $83$. C a lla g h a n No32$ 
5¥ # A k S O U n 6 G O O D ' need m en or w om en, 21 o r o v e r to s e ll q u a lit y s te a k s r e t a il 
N e w v e h ic le f u r n is h e d , p r o g r e s s iv e co m m is s io n 
COH 
684 4947 
(7om -4pm )________________________ 

 te le p h o n e sale s, s o lid sp on sor, 42 y e a rs C o n v e n tio n B a n n e rs A d v , 
C o n v e n t io n B o o k . C a ll to r a p ­ po in tm en t 828 $34o 

 t e -r TF'. t o r y 
R E I ? 
M S 7 S 7 g r o w t h n a t 'l c o . c o n s u m e r p ro d u cts bk r d, lite tra v e l, c a r a exp, e x ce lle n t b e n efits SIOK To m 
Snow, M I 2SSI 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R S e rv ice 
*$1376^6 te r r it o r y ' R e p $14.68* 
M u st h ave T B A . E x p f N a tl C o * fu tu re Ike K e lly 
923-4366 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jo b s South P la c e m e n t S e rv ice 

S TERRITORY S 
S a la ry , co m m , ca r, e xp S e r­ v ic e w h o le sa le p ro d R e a l pro. 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V k 
2o7 J o c k son K e lle r 
828 1292 

THELMA B PRUSSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
W onts you Jo in us now O ue lo o u r c o n tin u e d g ro w th , s e v e r a l o p en in g s h ove been c re a te d Bu s m e ss is g o od L ib e r a l c o m m is 
S io n o n lis t in g s 
B r in g y o u r | lice n se C o ll 824 214/ for opp t___ 

T H IS M A Y A E T H E M O N E Y ­ 
M A K I N G 
O P P O R T U N I T Y 
Y O U R E L O O K I N G F O R 
N o sp e cific h ou rs W ork in y o u r ow n | n eig hb orh ood 
S ell p re stig e p ro d u cts 
AVON 
F o r into, m utton c o il 
224 o941 

HOO TO $$oo 
P E R W E E K 
A v o n . T u p p e r w a r o , S h o k le o . 
J e w e l T e a . A m w a y o n d o th e rs s im ila r ly e m p lo y e d K o t o y o u r c u r r e n t tab a n d e a rn on e x t r a 
$1oo to $$o4 p e r w eek p a rt tim e w ith us P lu s c p i n a tre e va ca tio n to r tw o rn H a w a ii or other ploe e of 
■ y o u r c h o ic e P h o n e 128 9123 tor in te rv ie w M o n th ru S ol 9am 5pm 

L A A S E A N O C A R N 
W e need an e x p o n e n t *<1 le a s in g a g e n t o r w e w ill tra m you rn ou r 

 mm 

FOR YOU! I 

■■■)_ a u n lit u n is m u st be ita m d tg r w ith e a t in d u s try in te r es ted a o r san s m u st su b m it a lot lu r at re fe re n ce s ond re su m e and a ls o h a v e a c u r r a n t r e a l e s to la sots m a n s lic e n s e E a r n in g s a r e d e a o n d e n i a n y e a r a b ilit y a n d h a r d w o r k . O u o t it ie d p e r s o n s vend lette rs an d re su m e s rn c a re 
M i: P e rso n n e l D ept. 184* W A v a. iAW***, T X 78/o1 

M A K E M O R E M O N E Y 
IN 1977 

 rTRANSFER TIRED? > 
Jew the moneymakers' Good com I mrs Lion spit. lull lim* or pair lim* 
I coming rn tom m tiuol or louden hoi imjitotxr to AU agents 
Ex pension progiom underway rn residential, tomnwccnl. f i I SR,J 
NR and Cent Any inquiries con I hdenflat tented le k any sates mgr 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
1 3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

McGmms orset 

TRAVEL TEXAS l$ K ♦ co m m * c o r * expe n se s 
R a y 922 2711 I2 JJ EW M ilita ry 
Jut: i • a c ts In t P la c e m e n t $»r 
U n iq u e gro w th o a p o rtu riity w ith o 
$2oo,ooo,ooo c o m p a n y to r those who q u a lity s a la ry , an d co m m is tio n >2* SSO) 

SI 5,ooo UP 
N e e d I e x p e r ie n c e d C lo s e r s 
P r o v e n m a r k e t, h ig h c o m m is stons. no out of p o cket expen ses. lea ds fu rn ish e d 
____________734-3123___________ 

W A N T E D ! 
F iv e L o c a l to rn to rio s ag en a io n 
$$oo 
- t l t l w e e k ly . 
Y ou n g o p p re ss iv e de p e n d ab le c a t n eeded E x p e n s e a llo w a n ce 
O n ly tw o w eak* tra in in g T h is od w ill ch an g # y o u r life 
C a ll M r 
W h ile tor op gom lm ew t 824 948J 

O p e n in g s tg r tw o a g e n ts in o u r 'B o ll a d v o r t l t ia g S p e c ia lt ie s , 
T u rtle C re e k O llie * 
Pee OC k 6 ft 1ooo 
P E A N IE O W E N * C O R e a ltor 
In side sloes, p e rso n a b le 
T ra in tor ou tsid e sales C a re e r i/2 o o cod S o b H om es *$7 1123 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G i m p i ve 82*3 R ou g h R id e r 
I n tlih 'i'to l rou te adlet, lo* ai. C a n 
■rills 4 S /B o R a n k e rs I m * iv e , k/QOC raven n ill, I M *123 
In stitu tion al route sales 

C a ll O o rts C a le n d a r s a n d G if t s to lo c a l b u s in e s s e s 
F u ll o r p o r t tim e 
W e e k ly c o m m is s io n s N e in v e s t m e rits o r c o lle c tio n s 
O u r 68th ye a r ut pro m at. frie n d ly s e rv ic e 
[H o le d 
A A A I 
W r it e 
J o h n 
M cN o e r. N ew ton M ig C o . O ep i 
*48, N ew ton, io w a 5o2o6 

M a n u f a c t u r e r s R e p r e s e n ta tiv e w a n t e d t o r 
C B a c c e s s o r y 
— 
- [p ro d u cts a n d e le c tro n ic s p a c ia l 
__________ lo c a l, bes W rite C O J IM C H A P E L 111 b e n e f its 4 8 /B d b o n k e r s A m a . N O R T H C E D A R D E N T O N , T 1 X - 
$ vc , 17oo Crow nhtel. (28 *123 i A i 742o1 
, iiY>,ai” 7tr s ig n e rs ' w M T N STPituro f f i W S H g r T O H W n W -------- e x p e rie n ce C e n tra l P o r k N e e d fe m a le s an d m d k rt. s h a rp . 
___________________ a g g re ss iv e neat d re s s e rs p re fer 
A A S S O C I A T E S p e o p le w ith m o d e lin g , c o s m e tic 
" ^ 
%ci tiff ii dc f attila U mf or* It w ti ti p u lrtit 
G o o d g a y , c o m p a n y b e n e f it s 
M u s t hay# e w e tr a n s p o r ta tio n 
C a ll T o m o r t a r t 349 4 14 7, 
M 9 4J97 nae 

 in te rio rs 
T U 
R T T Y V r n P H l 
Soles n io te m o a t t o r V ice. I M N .B 
L o o p 4>u suite 2o6, 628 9*47 

IS 22$ IOO* te n e ts * a m p M i m s 

S E W 6 U A * T i « ------------ 
G r o w in g o g a m , n e e d m o r e o g en ts it you w o nt a ch a n c e lo e a rn a n d lo a m w h ile y e a a ro w w ith us. c a ll soon 
M A C R E A L A M A T E 826 2S2I 
(2) ou tsid e s o fa s p e rso n s, som e e sp re g C o m m *2) 2115 
O U T B ID S S A L E ? 
N e e d 
) i 
N a t 'l c o ca r * e xp e n se s oeod m on ey 
C a ll 
A ra d 
R ic h A A sso c E m p lo y m e n t A ry 
6648A io n P e d ro 125 #4*1 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS c o m m is s io n lo s ta rt, c a llin g on o u r c u s to m e rs C a r n e c e s s a r y 
M u st be neat on d cle a n -cu t 
494 M i l 
PE STSn WH6 WOUTFTTKT 

W on ted 
Y o u n g , a g g re s s iv e o o o - pi* w ho w is h to b e c a m e a re te s sionot sates peop le Ie le a rn etec 
Iro n ic c o s h r e g is t e r b u s in e s s 
M u st he a h igh sch o o l g ra d u a l* c a r n e c e s sa ry s ta rt et U M aor m onth w ith co m m is s io n on solos. we wiH tra m appl* m p e rso n at b lo o m e r Inc., 1812 io n P e d ro , io n 
A ntonio. T x 
E q u a l O o n e rtu n ity 
B m a te y or 

W E W IL L T R A IN 
E s t a b lis h e d in s u r a n c e ro u t e 
M a r r ie d b i lin g u a l 
S t a r t in g s a la r y f i e f w e e k ly 
N e e x g e r- ie nee 924 8123 

 wow 
M e n o r w om en needed for p ro fe s ­ s io n a l te le a h a n e s o le s 
U n iq u e o p portun ity O ay or e ve n tin g C o ll 
G o ry or b o rt 149 48*7 or 149 4J97 

•TOUR OWN AGENCY* 
F o r m e r s I n s u r g e n c e G r o u p otters re m pie ie tra in in g g ro g ra m a n d a ll ty p e s at in s u ra n c e C on 
•roue p re s e n t io n w h ite s ta r lin g y o u r ow n a g e n c y on p n rt-tim e basts T ro th in g a n d sun g tees «ur- n ish o d F a r a c o n fid e n tia l in te r­ v ie w , c o n t a c t l a i c s M a n a g e r , 
J e r r y M c O o u g a ta th ro u g h th e i E x p r e s s N e w s , B o x N e . 1219. r K R i v P i w n w W U U I .U i r i R i i a K p ra & a 
A a r 
G O O D B E A R E T I M E I N C O M E 
7(297 or cpu a l ( 2* 7 5 /1 
N E E D E D T O T E S T M O N E Y 
— 

SWEARINGEN 

A s / t A k T i r y r s t o o f y f » o 
« a t / o i n 
/ 

Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation Corporation has created a demand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen has immediate requirements for: 

PRODUCTION: it Sheet metal mechanics minimum of I year experience sheetmetal assembly 

ADMINISTRATIVE: it Accounts Payable Bookkeeper • minimum of 2-3-4- years general bookkeeping experience, preferably in accounts payable area, in ad­ dition, typing in 1o-key adding machine, skills required. it Technical Typist • Minimum 7o-8o wpm typing, must have experience using IBM Selective Composing machine. 

TECHNICAL: it Technical Writer - Required extensive background in technical publica­ tions for aircraft. Must have experience with illustrative parts catalog maintenance manuals and related aircraft publications. 

COMPANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

6D6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FIMANCIAl 
6o6 ADMINISTRATE 

FINANCIAL 

• Retirement Program 
• Insured Sick Pay 
• 9 Holidays 
• Tuition Assistance 
• Bereavement Pay 

• Compony Sponsored Employee Activities 
• Reserved Pay Differential 

• Job Stability 

• Group life Insurance 
• Group Medico! Insurance 
• liberal Vocation Benefits 
• Disability Benefits 
• Job Posting 
• Jury Duty Pay 

Swearingen is o growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation industry. We ore committed to a policy of promotion from within and offering employees opportunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance. 

 lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings ond a possible future with 
Swearingen, telephone Paul Granato, Personnel Administrator, at 824-9421, Ext. 319. You may oho apply in person at the employment oHice, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, In­ ternational Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic 
Center, turn right on NE entrance rood.) 

SW EARINGEN/^ 
A \S IA T IC ^ *J r O 
H 
F O 
H 
A T t O 
Y w d R B 

A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y b r 

 r n 

K A A E 

R 
O 
B 
E 
R 
T 
H 
O 
L 
E 
PERSONNEL a g e n c i e s 

Suit# 34n 
First N.tftonai Hank Bldg 
San Automa Texas 7B2o! 
7*» 2467 
PARTIAL LISTING FINANCIAL 

FINANCIAL ANALYST............. 

C o n s o lid o tio m a n d s p e c ia l 
G o o d co m m u n ica tio n ce de nt p o te n tia l. skills. 

. $18,ooo to $2o,ooo 

 stu d ie s for 
C o n tro lle r 
S o m e p re s e n ta tio n s 
Ex 

EDP AUDITOR.................................................to $26,5oo 

S tro n g a n a ly s e d c a p a b ility . 
G o o d co m m u n ic a to r w 'o il le v e ls o f m gm t M in . 2 yrs. p ro g ty s a n a l o n d 2 yrs. in te rn a l a u d it 

TAX MANAGER/CPA..................................... to $23,ooo 

For in d u stry . M in im u m 3 yrs. w n o tio n a l C P A firm 
S tro n g o il & g a s b k g rd . B o n u s s itu a tio n 

AUDIT SUPERVISOR........................................to $23,ooo 

B ig 8 " firm see k s a u d it s u p e rv is o r 
N a t io n a l firm b k d g a l cu rre n t o r re ce n t s e n io r or su p e rv is o r le v e l p re fe rre d . O il 4 G a s or b a n k in g stre n g th 

ASST. CONTROLLER........................$1o,ooo to $12,ooo 

Tram to 
C o n tro lle r p o s itio n 
M u s f b e w illin g lo re lo c a te in I yr e x c e lle n t p o te n tia l M in 15 h rs o f c o l le g e o c c fg . re q u ire d A t le a s t I yr. e x p p re fe rre d 

PARTIAL DP LISTING 

SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER 
$16,ooo to $22,ooo 

M in . 2 yrs e x p in syste m s p ro g ra m m in g in fo u r p h a se m ini co m p u te r 'd ig it a l e q u ip m e n t a r e a 
R e a l tim e system s d e v e lo p m e n t S u p er frin g e s 

RPG RAAAM ER.................................................. 

M u st h a v e m in im u m I yr. le v e l 2 N e a t 3. in g e xp . a m ust. A n y G IP o i F O O S 

SR. PROGRAAAMER.......................................$2o,ooo up 

M in . 5 yrs e x p a s p ro g r 
In d u stry n o t im p o rta n t 
C o n c e p tu a l k n o w le d g e o f 
IB M 
O S 
C o . 
37o/158 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

U N D E R W R I T E R S 
L ic e n s e not nee. O ne field, tw o in side . $9-1o 4K p lu s co m m Top co's. L e e B a k e r, 
341-255! 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R S e rv ic e 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

 fnqmcermg 
M obil 

MOBU S HOUSTON ELP DIVISION 
HAS OPPORTUNITIES FOR ENGINEERS 

* 
Career opportunities for Reservoir, Operations, Process, and 
Drilling Inginoers rn Houlton, Texas 

* 
Appropriate A g r* * required; sa la ry com m ensural* w ith e x ­ 

 perience and qualifications 

* 
Com plete benefit package, including m ayin g expenses w hore 

 opp' iioW r 

 tngmeers seeking challenging professional work, excellent working con­ 

 ditions ond compony benefits or* minted to submit a confidential resume 

 ond salary history to 

S.A . Barrington 

Mobil Oil Corporation 

Houston EAP Division 

Three G reenw ay Plaza la st, Suite 8 oo 

Houston, Texas 7 7 o 4 6 
Mobil 

DESIGNERS 

Printed circuit lay-out ex penance 
Knowledge of automatic insertion ond digitizing required. Long term high pay overtime. 

DRAFTSMEN 

Experience with 
Sche­ matics, block, logic, wiring diagrams Be able to use leRoy 

ELECTRONIC 
TECHNICIANS 

Prototype ond bread boo rdtng experience required. 

R u th R esu m e to: 
ETS Inc. 

P.O. Box 14762 

Austin, Texas 78761 

Equol Opportunity fmptoyw M/1 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
SECRETARIAL 
ASSISTANT 

W ill serv e a s s e c re ta ria l 
I 

 a s s ista n t to v a rio u s 
Ex- 
I 

 ocu tive s. C h a lle n g in g p o sh J 

 lio n w ith g ro w th p o te n tia l, j 

M u s t h a v e 3 to 5 y e a rs 
| 

 s e c re ta ria l e x p e rie n c e . 
I 

S h o rth a n d or d ic ta p h o n e , 
| 

 ty p e 6 o - 7 o w p m W ill c o n 
| 

 sid er lesser q u a lifie d in- 
I 

‘ d iv id u a l o n in d iv id u a l 
I 

 b a sis . 
C o m p le te frin g e 
I 

 b e n e fits , 5 d o y w o rk w e e k . J 

S o u th s id e lo ca tio n , 
M o il j 

 re su m e a n d s a la ry re- 
| 

 q u ire m e n ts to 

Express-News Box 2629 
I 

S A. 78297 

^ AN [QUAI OPPOIIIUNITY IMPIOYI R J 

SECRETARY 

H ig h scFiool g ra d u a te ; 

 som e co lle g e w o rk p re fe i 

 reef; o n e y e a r o ffic e ex 

 p e n a n ce ; ty p e 6 o w p m , sh o rth a n d o n d b ilin g u a l 

 s k ill p re fe rre d . W o rk 2 OO 

 to 
1 o o o p m 
M o n d a y 

 th ro u g h T h u rsd ay, 9 OO to 

5 o o p m . o n 
F rid a y . 

$ 4 5 o to $ 5 o o m on th w ith 

 a ll b e n e fits . 

( A p p ly w ith 
M i 
S o n n y 

S o li* , 
S o u th w e st C e n te r, 

8 o o Q u in ta n a R o a d ) 

SECRETARY 

Alamo Area Council of Governments 

I years exp«ii*ni* desired Good typing ond shorthand skills re quired Automobile required 

Coli 22S-S2o1 for appt. 

 o n OAyuol o p p o r tu n ity 
•nt|tbyGr 

RETAIL COLLECTOR 

Experienced in all phases of retail credit and collections. 

L ib e ra l store d isco u n t a n d e x c e lle n t c o m p a n y 

 ben efits. 
Apply 3rd Floor Personnel O ffice or coll Mr. Ponzio 2 2 7 -4 3 4 3 for appt. 
Joske’s of Texas 
Alam o Plaza Store 
• q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

 r n r n m r n 

D R F A M Y F u n spot w ith re fin e d e m p lo y e r ty p e 545o C o ll J o y 
828 4494 N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l to n s ils , 9o1 N L lo o p 41o 

E N E R G Y C O 
P a y s 57oo + o u r fee to ty p e . file . in lo o s e dept* 
E a sy n in n y o ffice ! 
K itty K ir k . 
341-2551 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R Soc v ic e 
E x p e r ie n c e d I a q a l S e c r e t a r y w ho ca n ta ke c h o re e and h a n d le busine** and re a l estate tro n sa c . h u ns w ith m in im u m s u p e rv is io n . 
S a la ry co m m e n su ra te w ith a b ility on d exp A lt in q u irie s c o n fid e n tia l 
227 31o4 
E X P E R I E N C E D S A C R E T A R Y needed tor w e ll e sta b lish e d tu rn . 
S h o rth a n d re a u ire d S day, lu n g e b e n e fits , on b u s lin e 
A p p ly in pe rson . Sal F ra n k U n ifo rm s . >o7 
$ S an ta R osa____________________ in su ra n c e S e re ; Im m e d ia te o p in in g . ch ort h o u rs, a d v a n ce m e n t 
SAHO 4 C a ll J u lie M o rh is 732 27*1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p $vc, 96 G ill Suite 15o 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
E X P E R I E N C E P R E F E R R E D 

 t i l n u 

DATA PROCESSING MANAGER 

D a ta Proce ssin g M a n a g e r n e e d e d fo r RJF 

 in sta lla tio n lo ca te d in S a n A n to n io . D u tie s 

 w ill include m an ag em en t o f 7 p ro g ra m m in g 

 an d o p e ra tio n a l p e rso n n e l. 
In sta lla tio n 

 services an ele ctro n ics d istrib u to r a n d re ta il 

 furniture cham . 

A p p lic a n ts te ch n ica l e x p e rie n c e sh ou ld irs- 

(elude 
O S / J C l a n d 
C O B O L . 
C lC S e x ­ 

 p erie n ce he lpfu l. 
A p p lic a tio n k n o w le d g e 

 w o u ld b e h e lp fu l in th** fo llo w in g a re a s: 

W a re h o u sin g , Inven tory co n tro l, in v o ic in g , 

 p u rch ase o rd e r co n tro l a n d g e n e ra l a c ­ co u n ting fu nction s. E x p e rie n c e d in system s o n d p rog ram m in g m a n a g em e n t, o p e ra tio n s m an agem ent o r protect m a n a g e m e n t d e ­ 

 sired. S e n d resum e o r call: 

ZALE CORPORATION 

3ooo Diamond Pork 
Dallas, TX 7S247 

A* Squat O pportunity Im p lo re r , MS 

N E E D E D I M M E D I A T E L Y 
C IV IL E N G I N E E R I N G 
D R A F T S M A N w ith o l it u si tw o y e a rs e x p e rie n ce in an d th orough u n der sta n d in g of s u b d iv isio n ^ tat lay o u ts, p lo ttin g s tra its , p la n a n d p ro filin g , u tlli | l i t s o n d r e la t e d w o rk 
S a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e w it h a b i li t y I 
P h on e M r 
M a rtin <$121474 4*51. 
A u stin , T e xas. m 
S E R V i c i 
’ 
R E P R E S E N T A T I V E IB M 
E xper it n t t d S t lt j lr ic S ta n d a rd oth er typ es at O llie * e q u ip m e n t 
H o sp ito liia tio n fu rn is h e d m ile a g e 5 d o y w e ek 
C o ll C a ry F a rro w . 8o8 N A lam o . 
(512) 22* 4o77 San A n ton io. T e xas 
78712 

6o6 RESUMES 

ELECTRO/MECHANICAL 
DRAFTSMAN 

I to 3 yea rs e x p e rie n c e in p a n te d circu it b o a rd la y o u t w ork. S ta b le e m p lo y m e n t, e x ­ cellen t b en efit p a ck a g e . 

Contact Personnel D epartm ent 
MANDREL PRODUCTS 
DIVISION 
(icmGufff {mc 
F O lax 3*137 
(713) 777 I SAI 
Meustea, Texas 77o3* 
[quai Opportunity Lmplaytr A /f 

RESUMES 

4 fAST 
2 
▼ 
EFH Cif NT EJECTIVE 
4 
♦ 
4 
▲ Letters of Application J 

YoAow Fkfg* 

 t 
Le* Smith t Assot 
I 

▼ 
82A-A74* 
4 

R E L I A B L E R E S U M E S 
W R I T T E N R E A S O N A A L Y r 
*99 IO U 
I 

6o 6 
ADMINISTRATIVE • 

H M P R 

A D M IN IS T R A T IV E a io e 
• o r n o B e tte rm e n t an d 
O a v e la p m a n l C or ao r of ion 
P r o f i t te n t a d m in is t r a t iv e ca p a b ility, at toast I y rs a d m m is tr o lly * s u p e rv is o ry e x p e rie n c e 
S te n o r e q u ir e d ta s u m m a r n * m eel)nos M u st type /• w pm . be abt* to func tion w ith m in im u m or no s u p e rv is io n , be in c a m p i* !* ch arg e et a d m in dapt B ilin g u a l in Soonish a n d A n g lis h p ra te r ra d 
V e r b a l e n d t e c h n ic a l c o m m o n 
•cation s k ills 
$ d a y w arn w eak. exce llen t w o rk in g co n d itio n s and a d d o r t u m ty ta r a d v a n c e m e n t 1 
O u chfw d pe rson m a y OOP I* a l 231 
B illy M itch e ll R d 4 3 M S 24 E q u a l dRRRrtwnev m a g y a r j 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R ta r s m e ll loan com p an y, m u st Ba 
“ - f i r i t i 
227 t>7j 
A S S IS T A N T M A N A G E R 
B ilin g u a h sam * c re d it erne -goad m oney Cat! B ra d 
R ich Bi A sso c E m p lo y m e n t B ro 
S449A San P e d ro 82* OSSI 

BOOKKEEPER 

M A K I N G P L A N . Sand s n a rl tenor or re su m e lo 
E x p re s s N e w s A a s 
N a 4*34, 78297 

P l ACI lO U d W A N I AP 
IN chi 11 e e l ss NI yes 
C A U 2 2 S -1 a a a 

B e im n e i p r o g r a m m e r d e g re e 
C od al or D d tash u ra . st* S8IB8 up 
C e n tu ry P la c e m a n ! S e rv ice 
ISI W C e n tu ry B ld g 349 1 3/3 

C iv il E n g in e e r; H y d ro lo g y , 
S u p o rv iso ry a b ilit y q u a lit y ca 
» I24 B B * Cum D oon R o ss >12 23*1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G i m p Iv e 9* G U ' Suite ISA 
C o m p u ter a p r , n igh t* , 4* h o u rs, 
564# la n k e r * A m p 
S v c .i 1744 
Craw nRsA. 93B-4I23 
________ 
C o m p u te r o p e ra to r , m u s t h a y * e x p e rie n c e en BIBB# pc A 4 /B 4 
R u n n in g sta n d ard A ir F a ce * B a s* 
L a y at $43$ m on th nae a co m p a n y b e n e fits 
C a ll B ill F o r e b a y ta r ap pt 
126-3285 betw een 
9 5am, 
A I B f R . 

D A T A 
P R O C E I S I N G 
M A N 
A G E R . A R . A P P a r o ll, Ih ve n to ry . O u lu in p u t le g u ir e d C p u 
M rs S m aa t e t C a iu m p io In d u s tries, in c 344 * 311 
E d u a l O u eor lu n iiy E m p lo y ee 

F e e P a id 
P ro g ra m m e r 378 e sp T e 815,4o8 
C e n tu ry P la c e m e n t S e rv ic e 
153 RI C e n te ry A td a >69 137» lq A a g 8d d » e l BaN tm u p ion ! 
In San Antonio nooPs sett starting gggrtssiyo experienced 
P R ODU CTIO N 
M ANAGER im m e d ia te ly sen d re su m e ta 
E X P R E S S N A N I B O X 4428 
Son A nton io. T w o s 7(397 

FULL CHARGE tee H ouston B ra n c h 
R e s p o n s ib le fo r a ll a b a s e s a l h e e fck e o p in g w o rk 
O n * o f k e y p o s itio n s rn t r o w in g B u s in e s s ! 
D e cisio n m a k e r, c a re e r rn m ae d 
123 4141 u n Son A n to n io )_________ 

CASHIER CLERK 
IMMEDIATE 
O P E N I N G 
P o sitio n open tar sh a rp m pivtU u a w ith s a m * o e e k k e o o m g o r a c 
, e q u a lin g b a c k g r o u n d 
A p i i d e a le r s h ip h e lp f u l 
B u l n a 

 pe rson ta M r D ay id F r y 
Tam B enson C h oy* atef 
. m i leo F4dr* 

ACCOUNTANTS 
13K TO 25K 

TY* ar* representing several outstanding local corporations desirous af adding growth minded accountants with o S years accounting tx pas ut* la Hie* staffs Ute ar* a highly i*goid*d nationvnd* Human l*sourc*s consulting ond *x*ruhv* selection fem All costs or* gssum 
*d by th* compony lf car*** od«acK*ai#*t is your goaf, 

C A U M * . M O W R Y i i n 
T 9 A . 9 9 A 1 
PROFESSIONAL EXEC. CONS. 
N o 1 “ JU ST A N O T U S * A G E N C Y " 
6343 IH 1o, Suit* 4 4 o 

ACCOUNTING MANAGER 

For d iv isio n o f listed C o rp o ra tio n . 3 -5 yrs. e x p e rie n ce in g e n e ra l a c c o u n tin g , co st a c ­ co u n tin g a n d credit. D e g re e h e lp fu l. S a la ry com m en surate w ith e xp . 

Reply to Express/New s Box 4525 

Son Antonio, Tx 78297 

 a q u o ' o p p o rtu n ity rnmploymr 

SAN ANTONIO 

AUTOMOBILE DEALERSHIP 
REQUIRES 

OFFICE MANAGER 

2 y«Of m in im u m O M B ip o n t n e t re q u ire d 

Degree preferred 

Computet experience preferred 

EXCELLENT BENEFIT PACKAGE 

PLUS DEMONOSTRATOR 

SEND RESUME TO: 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 

W ith R eoT I s ta t* f v p d r ie n c * 
G ood S e c re ta ria l s k ills re q u ire d 
M a o c a rd e x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d 
W ith dow n ow n la w firm s a la r y n e g o tia b le , m in im u m **5o p lu s b e n e fits . S e n d c r t s u m v to I x- p ra ss N ew s P O Box 748o 78797 
I e o o l s e c re to ry 7 y r s o r m o re le g a l e x p rn c o rp o ra te a n d la x p ro c tis* 334 H O I _________ 
__ 

L E G A L S E C . Tram *# 
Secy s k ills lo b e gin new c a re e r 
5*oo ♦ 
C a ll Jun e M a th is 712 7741 
S N E L L I N G B S N E L L I N G 
E m p S vc. 94 G ill Suit* 25o 
P E R S O N N E L S E C Y . N a tl Co see ks e xtro v e rt, v e rs a tile d u tie s 
*5oo COH B u lb K e n d ric k 712 23*1 
S N E L L I N G B S N E L L I N G 
E m p S et, t* QUI Suite 75o 
R e c e p t io n is t s a c r o t a r y , d ic t a ' a hun*, w e ll g ro o m e d , a b ilit y la m e e t •■ •cu lly* * , e x c e lle n t B e n e tlts, 5 d a y 1*6o B o n k e rs A m p . 
Sec , 8/oC C ro w n h ill. (78 S IU . 

R E L I A B L E co w ants de p e n d ab le secy *435 
C a ll Jo y B28 *494 N ew 
D a y P e rs o n n e l C o n s u lta n ts 9o1 
N E L o o p OO Suite S te 
______ 
S A L E S S E C 
R e w a rd in g fu tu re w ith le a d in g in d u stry 
*575 C al) K a y O a v ls 7)2 22*1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p S vc, 94 p ill Sud* 26o 
Sec good position, not firm ty p in g sho rth u nd . a n sw e r phone 
5626. ta ll Suson M oo ney 467 1123 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc 12o3 R ou g h R id e r 
S A C G F C M C R 
Ca s p lits our tea 
P re te s sia n a l N S a ttice N o SH nee 
*4oo 
• 
D O E 
C e lt 
L a u ra 
H ill, 
M I 2**1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
B m p io v I Q I * R E C T O R V ery ice 

S e c r e t a r ia l p o s itio n $ m in u te * fr o m C o n t r o l P a r k M a tt. F u l l tim * S h o rth a n d , ty p in g , is m * 
Bhp PR, ate M f 2SPo, 494 747o 
S e cre to ry ch a lle n g in g posuton in ra s a a rc n h eld 
SHM COH P a l K ir k 4*7 1123 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G f m » Sec 92o3 R ou g h R id e . 

SECRETARY 

EXECUTIVE ASST 
I W ark in y ou r aw n ham * 4-4 h rs a aa* 3-6 d a y s a w eek M a rk e tin g dn vc to r a l o n g tig n a l c n e m ic a l m a n u ta c tu ra r n e e d s a n a s s t ta a r r a n g e a n d s c h e d u le a p p o in t m en! itin e ra ry Inc am * B ase d on ab ility C a ll Sun, M a n Tues 9 13 
I a r 1 4 ta r M r jju s s a il 712 Stet 
S e cre ta ry , F e * p a id 
Lea p t e s p c a re a r o rie n te d 
545o c a ll D ick P a w er* *57 123 
S H E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Sec 17o1 R ou gh R ide r 
I Sec r e ta ry . iit* s h o rth a n d , g o o d typing. 5 day. MOO B a n k e rs E m p 
Sec , 87oo C ro w n h ill, 928 * 12) 
S E C A E T A R V 
L a rg e c or p w ith u n lim ite d o d vo n ce 
54oo C o il R u rb K l m il it* 7)2 72*1 
S N E L L I N G A 
N E I L I N G 
I 
E m p S y r . 96 Q u i Suite 26b 
: S E C R E T A R Y 
P o ise cmd p e rso n 
U bly tor prostMMOOt h r rn L e ts OI 
P R w a rk 54oo C o il N o rm a Scott, 
MI-1561 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m ploy IQI W R E C T O R S e rv ic e 

B oo kin g team s e c re ta ry w ith ex p e n e n ce IP tria l p ro ce d u re s ond a b ility ta p a rlo r rn d u tie s w ith a m in im u m at s u p e rv is io n S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x p e rie n c e and up titty 327 11o* 

C o lle t tor ta a A d a u l. e x p e rie n ce r e q u ir e d lo p p p y a d v a n c e i t m an a te e. COM Jo h n 7)3-2141, 2SBI 
I w e st A e* rob* N o rth m c. P lo t a m i fe e 

M a r tra in e e la ie e r mmOeO. o p p re ssive tar m otor fin a n ce co 1 
6*4oo COM Anar* P ric e 7)3 23*1 
S N E L L I N G B S N E L L I N G 
E m p S v t 9* GHI Stele 268 
I E X E C M G M T 
M ighty su cce ssfu l nut I co n ce rn sw oon er tn t a p ro p r a m . in c e n t iv e s 4 b e n e f it s gator * I S ta rt 18/oo 
T a m Snow 
M I 2661 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
•■ M A * 2*3 * A f 5 T O R I e r n e . 
* x v i a liv e m a n a p o m e n l lr am **, d e g re e 
6 P a y . g o o d B e n e fit* . 
19.4o8 B a n k e rs i m p SVC., 17o# 
I Cr BOBBIE. 139-411) 

 ramie reunions 
M G M T C A P A B I L I T I E S 
K N O W 
P A I N T E D 
W S I I U S L , 
T V - 
R A O IO S A L A A V O P E N B E L L 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
S M 74o6 
4*oo 
B R O A D W A Y 

 esse xyumuse t o c a s s is 236 Ip a o 
(■ PPI** ANSI NI VWS 

W anted leg al s e c re ta ry ar a s a ir o n t th e re a t w ith m o tiv a tio n , ae p e a l a n d B r a in s . R e p ly ta E l - 

S II o(I1C( it CH HIL Al 

•6SOC A cco u n ts C la rk 166o 
G oad te e m *# i t May to u ch! N eed 
I Jo y ce B os! t i l 41o4 
413 $W M ilita ry 
JORS South P te ce m a n t S«r<n r 
A c c o u n t s p a y a b le r e c e iv a b le sum * e x p v r le n t e ty p e CO, top pay, ca d B aste >33 l i f t , 25o' w e st 
A v* 
JOBS N orth, in c PH H Trot 
A cco u n ts re ce iv e * !* lie r s m u st tv p*. S Pay *5oo B o n k e rs E m p 
Sec _ 8/oo C re w m a n St* a 123 
A c c o u n t s 
A e c o iv a a i* 
B o o k kee pe r 
B u rro u g h s sy s te m ( ult ll* > m tor a p p t . A n a y l r 
Advertisers# B e e d i , iota cre a tive p a w l* . . h ulte,ig.«u spat 
545o C a ll B o ra K e n d ric k >3? 22*1 
S N E L L I N G B S N E L L I N G i m p S*< ** GUI Suds ISO 

P I A O l u t e W A K I AB 
IN IMI 1*o*1** N I W k 
( A lc 226 1*o* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 27 1977 

B K A W m tS T R A T iy ! 
FIIWtCIAl 
BOB ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
AVOID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Heavy retail store accounting experience re­ quired. Salary to $16,ooo plus good benefits. 
Report to Controller. Opportunity to advance. 
Height and weight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential. Send letter and resume (no agencies, please) or call 

Mr. Brenner or Mr. Grim m . 

5 1 2 - 2 2 5 - 7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 782o5 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

SIO OFFICE A CLERICAL 
812 MEDICAL 
612 MEDICAL 

A D U I M S T R A T I V E S E C R E T ! R V 

S I o 2 T o r W e e k 

H O W E CRAFT C O R P O R A T IO N is on a g g ro tsiv n , fa it p a ce d residential construction firm , w ith a n im m ediate opening for a n intelligent h a rd w orking in d iv id u a l to w ork in our N orth Side personn el office. W ill b e receptionist, do typing, filing, re p o rts, a n d p erso nn el a d m in istra tio n a t the cle rica l level. Any pasI exp erience as receptionist, clerk- typist, personnel o r ad m inistrative se cre ta ry o r other cle rica l b ackground w ill b e considered. M u st b e a b le to type 5 5 W P M . 

4 8 H our week, 8 to 6 M o n d a y thru Frid a y < 9 to 12 
Saturday. I S a tu rd ay o ff p e r month. 
C o m p a n y p a id benefits, sa la ry review every 6 months, 2 w eeks p a id 

 vacation 

 lf you enjoy staying busy, a n d ne ed to be re w a rd e d for your efforts with regu lar p a y increases, c a ll 3 4 9 -8 o 5 7 , 8 to 6 M o n d a y thru Frid ay O r send resum e to: 

H O M E C H A F T C O R P O R A 7 7 o V 

P O Box K O H 

San /in hut in, I x 7H2I9 

SECRETARY 
FEE PAID 
_____ f lu s NORTHSiDf O m a , grnnrol office work, ai 
(urate typing. dictaphone, bookkeeping knowledge preferred but not nececsaty High school graduate, some college preferred 2 week vacation, $ 4o o+ annual review 
SECRETARY 
FEE PAID 
Accounting Department ? years experience required with accounting touch, no shorthand ar bookkeeping group Type SS wpm, IO key by required, general office work 
$44o, pard a 
+ great 

C A U M S . R H I A U M f 
5 1 2 — 
7 3 6 - 3 3 4 3 
PROFESSIONAL EXEC. CONS. 

NOT JUST ANO THO AGtNCY 
6 2 4 3 IN 1o, S u ite 4 4 o 

61o OFFICE L CLERICAL 
OFFICE I CLERICAL 

EXPERIENCED TELLER NEEDED 

* 6 months • I 2 months savings experience or 
I 2 months experience bank teller 
* HS Diploma or equivalent 
* Typing 25 wpm 

SAN A N TO N IO S A V IN G S ASSO C. 
Call Jan* Cola for appointment 

2 2 5 - 5 6 3 1 
Equal Opportunity Employ ar M /f 

 i-— 
' 
I— 
CHECK 
THESE 
OUT 

 i s i s i s 

\ S 
SECRETARY $6oo 
Sharp dresser + person able, fast paced office 

INTERIOR DESIGNER 
$ 6 5 o - degree or 2*3 yrs. exp. 

S '" 
SECRETARY $6oo 
Fee N egotiable for 2 in top co. 
\S 
SECRETARY $65o 
North - know M ag C ord 

IS 
SECRETARY/ 
RECEPTIONIST 
$ 5 5 o , front desk tit N E 
Co. 
\S 
SALES RECORD 
BOOKKEEPER 
S alary O pen 
D o route salesm ens’ check-ins, speak Spanish. 

GENERAL oEEICE 
$ 5 o o fee nego. 
G o o d typing 
& spelling, com pony w ill train. 
\S 
LUU CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
$ 7 o o fee nego 
N orth side Com pany 

IX* 
ADJUSTER/ 
ESTIMATOR 
$ 9 5 o Fee nego. 
H eavy com m ercial casu al­ ty experience. 

SECRETARY/ 
RECEPTIONIST 

$5oo + 
G o o d in 
English. 
Rapid raises 
\S 
ASST. BOOKKEEPER 
$ 6 5 o F I I P A ID 
Type, posting, billing 

RECEPTIONIST 

$ 4 2 5 FEE P A ID 
W a lje m area, fun job, lite type. 

ACCOUNTS P/R 
$ 5 7 5 2-3 yrs exp. 
\S 
TYPIST $52o 
Start on ground floor. 
G ro w with com pany 

\ S 
ORDER DESK 
CLERK $ 4 7 6 
Take orders, type 4 o. 

C A U O ff C O M E IM I 
LOCKE 

Employment Bervie* 

8 2 6 - 9 6 7 1 

2446 Ceegee St. 

P A R T T I M E B O O K K E E P E R 
5 da ys per week, 3 h ou rs, h e n b it 
R e q u ire s 1o-key bv to u ch 
C o ll r n sm____________________ ______ 

P A R T -T I M E C A S H I E R . G e n e ra l 
O ffice, m u st be good ty p ist A p p ly 
S ieu e f* , JOJO Son P e d ro , in the basem ent 

MONDAY ONLY 
INTERVIEWING • 
SOUTHWEST 
LA QUINTA - LACKLAND 
HWY. VOW <£> MILITARY 
DRIVE 

ASK FOR BETTE DEASON 
FROM 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. 

Horrell Temporary S#rvic# Nm im m+diofe job* For genqroi office, typists, Autophon*. ihoctHonH. ac counting ctais, 
CPT opdprafor*, keypunch and 
PBX 
Only ne- quirermrn} — I yf*or clerical lf* penance. 

- NO FEI EVE* — 

PIRI TIME 

MICROFILM OPERATOR 

* On* ytor s txptntnct in rotary and continuous form filming, mechanical aptitude. 

Ar Mutt be obit to lift 25 pounds. 

+ 93o to 6 p.m. 

* 5 dayi including Saturday. 

Ar High School or equivalent 
CAIL POR A PPO IN T M E N T 

SAN ANTONIO SAVINGS 

2 2 5 - 3 6 3 1 E x t . 2 8 2 

Cqual Opportunity (mployet m/t 

'W in d s o r c ? a r R 
% 
Z B a n £ 

N o w Accepting Applications For 
Experienced 

Bonk P aying & Receiving T e lle r 
Health Benefits 

Profit S h a rin g 

P aid V a c a tio n 
Call for appointment 

6 5 5 - 3 3 1 1 , e x t . 1 8 5 

TELLERS WANTED 

 ir 6 months •xfMtritnce with customer contact 

 and handling cash/checks 

 dr High School Diploma or equivalent 

★ Typing 25 wpm 

SA N A N TO N IO S A V IN G S ASSO C. 

C o ll Ja n e C o le For A p p o in t m e n t 

2 
2 
5 
- 
5 
6 
3 
1 fq u o l O p t im a lit y Em p loyer M / f 

BANK NEEDS 

BOOKKEEPING 
SUPERVISOR 

* 
I rems banking u p m M i 

Of FICI MANAGER 
BOOKKEEPER 
FEE PAID 
$75o 
Heavy eupewtbory experience needed 
Writ mpe»v.« 
8 r lanced pnoph iookkaepmg knowledge nm ovary cm boot* are prepared ond vent no Home 
ON*ce 
Hecnant pinond'ty cm you Witt handle alaternpi rwtofsofi* 
•nth chenH af compony 
Help heap athee tanning e the tent )y 
Good h»*g* benefit* 
MARKETING SECRETARY 
FEE FAR) ie $4oo 
Fat prtudmt af compony Great opportunity 
For advancement 
Mag cord e*p*<«ente hwipfpi at welt m executive veeieternal tfctHt. 
A lta matt have goad communitive thrift ond coordinate prater H with bott Mutt be Heaibht ond hove pMKI ton* per tonality 
MEDICAL SECRETARY 
FEE FAND 
$4oo 

Far new dor tor fohwrtg 
Hat medical group 
AAutt have medical Tentwiotegy, good typing th»Ht and dKtofw e ip m m c o the*iou* medical eapenerne with a doc tar t office ar related *»**d 

 helpful 
Harihwett location 
G o o d working houri and triage benefit! 

D u n k i l l rt» tO * W ti I t (tv (Ct 
V.'W 6n4 OVM SKK,lh 
•OO h w lou p « id ins a ..IO*.,, !,»«• 7g?it t i ? J41 1)44 

A Monon*! P*rsa/in*t Serene 

CHALLENGE 

+ 
EXCITEMENT 
AND 
EXTRA MONEY 

NemHt Irwporwy txrvK# oilers hest lmrm‘*s plus a I'etpkxn pkm, kenmet 6 mtHrn po, W» im*** em rem el derwel u R n M . Wa need I twin. OM>ue*<>- 
SHm 
Lend, X.WK-'fk fix , IO X ., St 
, Hunting 
ClerSi, anc 
‘.• ti 

Ca** N k y # 828 25o6 
Im a- oppomtmaM 
— H O I U tV t* — 

Express and Newt 

Box 4488 
SJL 71297 

FULL/PART TIME 

POSITIONS 

NOW AVAILABLE 

$2.5o-$2.8S/heur 

 plus bonum 

 host br uvuilobli to 9pm 
5S34 Frwtencksburg Rd. 
3 4 1 -6 1 8 1 

K E L L Y G I R L 
W A N T S TH E BEST! 

• SECRETARIES 
• TYPISTS 

• STENOS 
* PAID VACATIONS 

★ REGULAR RAISES 

* NO FEE 

★ NO CONTRACT 

C A U O f f C O M E I N 
K e lly G irl* 

A DIVISION o r K t liY s e rv ic e s 

4 6 o 6 C a n t e r v ie w D r. 
S u ite I 5 4 
7 3 6 - 2 4 5 5 
(qual O pportunity Im p lo re , 
V 
M n 
M 
H e e n e 

Telephone Solicitors 
• M o n d o v -F rid o y , a fte r F r id a y 4 hr* per day 
• P le a sa n t w o rkto p co n d itio n s 
•W ill tra in if no e x p e rie n ce 
•sta rt w o rk im m e d ia te ly 
•e a rn in g s a re u n lim ited 
C a ll tor appt M r M o ck 
732-2111 
F t C l a r k S p r in g s 
P a y ro ll cle rk , con g e n ial office. W ork w ith a ccou n ts 
56oo 
+ c a ll 
Susan 
M oo ne y 
A I M IJJ 
S N E L L I N G 4 S N E L L I N G 
E m p. SVC. 82o3 B ou gh R id e r 
P B X -R E C E P T I O N I S T 
N S* a v e ra g e ty p in g T ra in P B X . 
C a ll Ruth 
R ich & A ssoc. E m p lo y m e n t S rv 
664oA son P e d ro 826 o661 
P e rso n w ith som e e x p e rie n c e in a d v e rtis in g an d la y o u t w o rk tor catalo gu e of m a il sales. A lso lig h t b o o k k e e p in g a n d g e n e ra l o ttice duties 
C a ll tor 
In terview 
; UA /li/8____________ ___________ 

P T PBX 82.75 Bp 
P re fe r S e ll fra m e d C all 
M a rio n 922-2711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Jo b E x p e rts Inc P la c e m e n t Ser 
P U B L I C R E L A T I O N S 
Good co needs s h a rp you to hon d ie c lie n ts , ty p e , *5oo up 
A n n 
828-A494 N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l 
I C onslts, 9o1 N E L oop 41o_________ 

854o RECEPT-FEE PO 
T ype! A n s p h o n e 1 L ite bo oks I 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V 
2o7 Ja ck so n K e lle r_______ 628 )292 
R E C E P T IO N IS T g re e t people 
E x c e lle n t atm o sp h e re, good ty p ist 
S55o C a ll Jo S ing leton 732 2261 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p SVC, 96 G ill Suite 2So 
R E C E P T I O N I S T 
G o o d lo o k s , p e rs o n a lity . L ite ty p e . S t a r lin g 
$548. C a ll m e now ! N o rm a Scott, 
341 2551 
S N E L L I N G & S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R S e rv ice 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
555o 
P e r s o n a lity -A good s k ills A g re a t co C a ll L y n n 828 6494 N ew D a y 
P e rs o n n e l C o n s lts 9o1 N E L o o p 
4)o Suite 518 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 5625 
L ookin g for a career w ith good co. 
C a ll A n n 828-6494 N ew D a y P e r sonnel Conslts, 9o1 N E L oop 41o 

• LEGAL STENOS- 

TYPiSTS 

• MIST A MAG 

CARD 
OPERATORS 

W e have tem porary 

 assignm ent availab le now 

 a p p ly t o d a y 
MANPOWER 
9 III. > if i, si a, I-J n 
43o Broodway 
224-9251 
NWI opportwiNey implorer 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 5625 
Lo o k in g tor a c n re e r w ith good co. 
C o ll A n n 828-6494 N ew D a y P e r- sonnel Con slts, 9o1 N E t o o o 41o 

•RECEPTIONIST® 
5 day w k! L ife type! 545o m o! 
G lo ria 824-o227 Job P la c e m e n ts 
E m ploym en t Ser 5316 Son P e d ro 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Bilingual 

Some Collection experience 
Filing, typing Profit vhonng, paid vocation and holidays 
Good •offin g renditions. 

Apply In Forsan Only 
Penner’) Inc. 
311 W. Commerce 
No Phone Coffs, Float*. 

S"bo"o7k« pTr1 

I General office work. IO key bv I 
I 

General office awk, IO key by touch, type 55-4o wpm, booking, accounting. High School graduate, * 
1 

4o hour week, SADO monthly + 
B good benefits (ail Ms theoume 
| 

I 

512—-736-2263 | 

 rtomswNAi ixic cons. 
I 

^ 
6243 IH IO, #44^ j | 

R 6 C P T C a re e r soot p ro m isin g fu tu re, top co m p a n y 
554o C a ll K av D a v is 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p SVC, 96 GHI Suite 25o 
R E C H T : L ite s k ills for spot w ith q u a lity o il co. 
555o C a ll K a th y S ta rn e s 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc, 96 G ill Suite 25o 
R o y a l G lobe in s u ra n c e C o m p a n ­ ie s n e e d s a c o m m e r c ia l lin e s rater, s a la ry ooen d e p e n d in g on e x p e rie n c e 
T o p b e n e fits . C o ll 
M r s W a ls h 341-8661 f o r a p p t. 
E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 

Have immediate vacancies in the following positions 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

• RNS — Full time and part time, all shifts, 
Children's and General Hospitals 

• IVN 3*11 and 11-7, Children’s Hospital 

• REGISTERED X RAY TECHNICIANS — 7-3 
(salary negotiable) 

• LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPY ASSISTANT 

• EXPERIENCED CO BO L PROGRAMMER - 
IBM 37o/145 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 

• EEG TECHNICIAN - Shift I 

• RNS - 11-7, 3-11 
• LVNS 
Excellent working conditions and fringe benefits. 

Apply in Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
Santo Rosa — 
519 W. Houston St.; 228-2343 
Villa Rosa Annex -— S H S Medical Dr.; 
228-2634 
A n E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r 

614 SKILLS 
SII SKILLS TUBES 
SKILLS 

IM M E D IA T E O P E N I N G S IN Nursing Service at Kleburg County Hospital, Kingsville, Tx. in the following Areas: 
★ OPERATING ROOM SUPERVISOR 

Requires operating room experience, 
CCU 
SUPERVISOR——Requires experience in a Cor­ onary Medical Intensive Care environment. 

Mail or call inquiries in confidence to: 

A .E. D e v in e , A d m in istra to r 
KLEBURG COUNTY HOSPITAL 

P. o . B O X 1 1 9 7 
K in g s v ille , T e x a s 7 8 3 6 3 

5 1 2 - 5 9 2 - 3 3 3 6 

C O N S T R U C T I O N M 
A N A G E M 
E N T T R A I N 
E E 

H O M ECRAFT C O R P O R A T IO N is an ag gressive fast p a ce d residential construction firm, ded ica ted to sound prin cip als o f m an a g e ria l develo p ­ ment. W e are seeking self-starter, who is interested in a ll phases o f residential construction a n d m anagem ent. This Superintendent-Trainee position will be filled b y an intelligent, g o a l-o rie n ted in d ivid u al who is w illing to work long hours, 6 days a week an d who needs a growth position, where income is directly re la te d to his contribution to m eeting com pany objectives. A college degree is not necessaiy, but an y college is a plus. Construction experience is not req uired, but we p re fe r 5 years business a n d / o r m ilitary background. 
W e o ffer com pany p a id benefits, 2 weeks p a id vacation, p ro fit sharing, an d salary and perform ance reviews every 6 months. lf you are in the form ative stage o f your ca re e r a n d m eet the ab ove qualifications, call Collect im m ediately: 

AC. 512-349-8o57. 8 to 5 M onday thru F rid a y 

 fir S4>ad resume to: 

HOMECRA FT COR PORA TWN 

P O. B O X 19431 

San A it am in, T X 78219 

M E C H A N I C S N E E D E D 
I M M E D I A T E L Y 

S. 64X36 and MUI fast •fond*. Mr CtnwrMMr rn*,, hon ic, f o m + o fw fm MC- 
7, M«-11. we-1. MC-1 A. and 
TytWnadriven MA-IA unit*. 

 dWoninf ig j! 6.^ 64A3, 

T i , lf-1 # *^ \ 4_1___ 
W unc.and trt|<y« banghy 

V .t . r o m waleom». Coll 424- 
4 S o I. flit* tx, *» *m*“l mp- pcx .unity employ ut. 

 mo 

S E C R E T A R Y B O O K K E E P E R 
F o r C o n stru ctio n C om p o n y 
G e n e ra l o ffic e e x p e rie n c e p lu s p a y r o ll a n d c a s h lo u r r o i 
N o s h o rth a n d In te re stin g , c h a lle n g ­ ing w o rk 
C a ll 
824-2o8o atte r 
3: 3opm 

Secretary Bookkeeper t ile typ in g, m u st know how to use lO-key. som e e x p e rie n ce in book k e e p in g O ffic e e x p e rie n c e on d sh o rth a n d re q u ire d B v a p p o in t m en! only 494 5237 
SALE REAL ESTATE 
S E C R E T A R Y , good typ ist. Som e w e e k e n d w o r k . N o n - s m o k e r 
P le ase a p p ly e t H ills id e M a n o r 
BHO G a u lt L u n e 828 o6o6 

A STAR IS BORN 

On le e ry tem porary Jab 
TYPISTS 

STEN OG RAPHERS 

K EY PU N C H OPERS 

EXPERIENCED PREFERRED 
JA IL 

Ova Ii I y Tem poi cry Help S*«. 

9 6 G ill R d.. S u ite 2 5 o 

S E C Y - R E C ? T , 
S up er p e rso n a lity lo v e ly Iron! ole e x ce lle n t firm 
*65o 
F e e od 
C a ll Jo S ing le ton 
732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p Svc, 96 G ilt-S u de 25o 
S E R V IC E W H IT E R *8oo O u r lee nego lo h andle cu sto m e r s e rv ic e 
A d v a n ce w ith g ro w in g co 
H ill, 
141 2551 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p lo y 1o2 W R E C T O R S e rv ice 
T e m p o ra ry ty p ist 9 til 3. 6o W P M , 
C e n tra l P o rk A re a . *1 per h ou r. 
C o ll 341 8131_____________________ 
T Y P IS T in te re s tin g p o sitio n w ith fast p a ce d m sg. co w ith *47*. 
C o ll 
K a th y 
S ta rn e s m 
22*1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p SVC. 96 G ill Suite 25o 
W A N T E D 
S E C to w o rk eve h rs 
•o r a lo c a l r e g io n a l s h o p p in g center. H o u rs 2-9 M o n -F ri. I-* Sot 
P lease co ll 651 176o betw een IO 4 
W o n t lo c a l C o lle g e S tu d e n t 
C le rk -T y p i» t, b o o k k e e p in g e xp. h e lp fu l N o s m o k in g , go od p a y. 
F IS H E R S, 1458 N E L o o p 418. 
W e ll from , acco u n ts c le rk , office 
I e xp e rie n ce re q u ired c o ll A n d re a 
^ 712 2191, 25o1 W est Ae 
Job s N orth, Inc, P lo c e m t Sue 

612 MEDICAL 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I yew txpwience 

Pa rt Time 

2 N ights A Week 

A P P L Y I N P E R S O N 

F R O S T B A N K 

PERSONNEL DIPT. 
IOO W . H o u s t o n S t. 

Iqww* O pportunity Im p lo re r 

•AIDES* 
•RMsLVMs 11*7,3-11 
N o n s m o k e r o le a s e a p p ly IO 12 
H illsid e M a n o r 8 )io G a u lt Lan e . 
128-o6o4 
A p p lica tio n * now b e in g ta k g n to tm on im m e d ia te op ening loc R N 
D ire c to r of N u rs in g to r an tC P - skiited n u rsin g nom e. O u r p a re n t com p an y is th* in d u s try lo a d a r 
Subm it re su m e lo A d m in is tra to r, 
M e m o ria l 
M e d ic a l 
JI* 
L e w is . 
2 2 M I2 ! 

CREDIT POSITION 
L e a d in g c o m p a n y n e e d s exper* 
!VT.Tn E V J o' X ? Ta i r/v 
I 

C A R m o P U L M O N A R Y T E C H 
Alt. W kends ort, su p er oppy 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ills M o d B ld g 49o-991o 
M e d ic o l O en tol E m p S ere 
O E N T A L H Y G IE N IS T to w o rk in c h ild r e n 's c lin ic . P a r t - t im e or fu ll tim e. C o ll «3 + ;jo o tor a p p l 
O I N T A L O F F I C E 
Fro n t office, N u too nego. 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ills M od S la g 49o-991o 
M e d ico ! P a n ty ! i m p S**rv 

R N ’ S — 
L V N ’ S 
Staff Relief 
Private Duty 

C h o o s e y o u r d a y s & shifts. 

Fu ll Um p & p o rt tim e p o s i­ tio n s a v a ila b le . 
NO FEES!! 
N ursefinders 

2 2 6 - 6 3 3 3 
73o N. Main St. 

NURSES 
We have office* in over 
21S cities ond hove em­ ployed more thon 52,ooo health core workers in the lost year. We ore the nations leader because we offer: 
• Competitive wages 
• Interesting assignments 
• Flexible scheduling 
• Supervised working conditions 

Find out for yourself why we're 44 \ . Inter­ view now and see if you qualify. 
Many interesting assign­ ments ore now avail­ able in staffing home care and private duty. 

 tareponena! 

 inttrvrtw 

LIVE-IN COMPANION 
Personnel Needed! 

Stlertivt intern*wing now for pinons intoroitod in exclusive 
(iv*-in companion positions. All positions established and cordi noted by a registered nurse with a lompi she.Hive home health care plan. Excellent wages paid by us weekly Insurance ond bon dma included Room and board with ompie off time. 

Medical experience desirable, but not required. Appointments ar­ ranged following review or resume. 
Adod or deliver resum e to: 
Nursefinders 
234-4533 
73o N. Main 

TOOL AND DIE 
MAKERS 

Electronic com ponent* m anufacturing plant is looking for Journeym an tool and die maker* to w ork on progressive dies: 
G o o d w ages ond w ork­ ing conditions. 
C all 
P ER S O N N EL 
DEPART­ 
M EN T. 
CTS 
OF BROWNSVILLE 
512-546-5184 

IP B 

• REGISTERED 
NURSES 
• LICENSED 
VOCATIONAL 
NURSES 
S p e c ia lty a re a s o f r .r u n g 

 a re a lt o a v a ila b le 
1 % shift differential 
I paid hohdoys 
——-A 11 tim .. ■ A-I 
A- 
Ala - 
WHI vuffn TTm^l WWvTlll 

 apply imploymant Office 
Battar County Hosp. Dint. 
45o2 Medical Dr. 
San Antonio, Tx. 717*4 
696-3o3o Ext. 221 

PARTS MANAGER 
WANTED!! 
For Country Ford 
Dealership 

W ill co n s id e r g o o d 

 co u n te r m an , re a d y to 

 ta k e o v e r D e p a rtm e n t. 

CALL: 677-82oo 

OFFSET PRESSMAN 
WANTED 

O ffse t Pressm an with at least two years experience on a 
1 7 x 2 2 press or larger, w anted by m ajor yearbook publishing firm. 

Y e a r ro u n d w o rk — so m e o v e rtim e 

★ E x ce lle n t W a g e s 

★ lib e r a l Frin g e B e n e fit P ro g ra m — P a id V o c a tio n 
— H o s p ita lira tio n In su ra n ce in c lu d in g m a(or 

 m e d ica l •— D is a b ility P la n — R e tire m e n t P la n 

+ Favor able Cost o f Living 

■k D elightful Clim ate 

★ W ater Sports Easily Accessible 

For appointment, write, visit or call 
Newsfoto Yearbooks, P.O. 
Box 
1392, 
2o27 Industrial Blvd., San Angelo, Texas 
769o1 - A/C 915-949-3776. 

GILLESPIE FORD is expanding 
ITS SERVICE DEPARTMENT 
IMMEDIATE OPENINGS FOR: 

T R I M M E R 
TRANSMISSION MECHANIC 
AIR-CONDITIONING MECHANIC 
MAKE-READY MECHANIC 
LUBRICATION MECHANIC 
* BCST BCNCnrS A N O P A Y IN T O W N 
* PAID VACATIO N 
* HOSPITATION PROGRAM 
* PAID u n INSURANCE 
* TOP COMMISSION RATC 
APPLY TO: 
ROY PETREE, SHOP FOREMAN 
GILLESPIE FORD 
23oo BROADWAY 
227-1411 

 call 224-2341 

HOM EM AKERS 
UPJOHN 

MEDICAL TYPIST 
Prehamcy in me<hcai ter­ minology and franunption re­ quired 4o hour week. Salary open Full fringe benefits Ap 

Sand reference* ta: 

EXPRESS NEWS 
BOX 8149 
, TX T829T r NURSE aides H i 
I 
STAFF RELIEF 
I 
I I PRIVATE DUTY I m (M m your own fey* ort ifctfa 5 
I 
{i(c%int ffOQVT p&d SNHoAcly Full ■ 
■ nm# and port time poutwm ■ 
I available lf 
X 
No F»m II 
I 
■ 

N u r s e fin d e r s 
I 
226-6333 f 
I 
73o N. Main 
* Rhi 

IxpmHmnemd 

LINE MECHANIC and 
PARTS 
COUNTERMAN 
Call C o li n 

KEN STOEPEL 
FORD 
Kerrville 
1-257-5553 

: m on th ly b o n u t P e rm a n e n t pow- 
' flan w ith o d v o n c e m e n l 342-4196 
CHinhnl P e rto n n e i S e rv ice 
•OO NW Loop 41o. *64 G P M So 
' _____________ 349 1744____________ 
((ON O K l lO U R C F 5 
N m * C a re e r C e n te lta n ti j 
499-1o1*_________ _ 
E ( tc u ltv a M e ce o lio n iM . F e e P a 
Beat pro lo n an n ie e xec ph on e v 
*42*9- C a ll June M oth.* I V t u t 
SHILLING 4 SNELLING 
I 
A m p Svc. H G ill Suite 25o 

HIU CHARGE BXKPR 
M atu re, good *xp p o ttin g m ach 
Sue 922 2711 I I M SW M ilita ry 
I ob t «Party in c P la c e m e n t Ser 
F u ll C h e r ie b o o k k e e p e r, S d a y n a rlk *6*4 b a n n e r* E m p S e c., 
17o4 Craw n nu l. >28-61 ?3 

N U CHARGE lOOKS 
S7oo Ft DNO 
N O P I H U D E C O M P A N Y 
L o ck e tro p ia * m e n ! S e rv ice 
8S+447I 
2646 C e ea ee 

T e e h n ir io n , S p o n itn L o n g u o e # and ra te rencg* re q u ire d S ta rtin g 
M io ry *65o m on th P e a ty to E x i pre ss N ew s P a x 4499 
__________ 

 o rs OFFICE 

G K N E R A L G P C : *1o4 A d v a n c e in p re tty N S o ffice T y p M if ond 14 s t y pre k e y s 
Caw ie G u n te r, 
341 2**1 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 

Ane oh.m e Type in e u ro n te . 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V 
247 J u tk e o n -K a lle r 
>24-1292 

O W * S e c r e t a r y n e e d e d , m u t t i h a v e e x p e r ie n c e w ith ty p in g . h a n d lin g in s u ra n c e c la im * a n d I m e d ic a l t e r m in o lo g y 
S a la r y open 
C a ll 
924 483} 
B ilin g u a l 
P ra tt fre d 

F IN A N C IA L C O U N S E L O R 
M F. p e reonnet e xp , 
B n m e u s i O r ett.ee 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ill* M e d B id e *»o 991o 
M e d ica l O en tol E m p S e re 
| 
G IR L F R I D A Y , N S IO K 
O r* ort 14 hr week 
O R . P E R S O N N E L 
Oak H ill* M e a B ld g 694-9914 
> 
M e d n o l-O e n ta l I m p S *rv j 
I C, IU I O f h i t .... 
S uper e e l, im n g tee neae. 
O R P B R S O N N E L 
Ooh H ill* M a d R id e 6*4 9914 
M e d ic a l P e n to t i m p Sere 

C a sh ie r bank d e p o rt p u blic 
C on tact super ba**, nice ate t*o4. cat! B ab Hom e* 657 i i 23 
S N C L L I N G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p S»t 82o. Bough R u le r 
•MUC i rn h ie r Rec*pliom *» **4o 
L it * I v o r ♦ til* ♦ vu*l v o ic e 4 IO key P a u l E lle r 
913 4166 
411 SIM M ilita ry 
JOB* le u th P la c e m e n ! s e rv ic e 
C a w a tty a llu ra n c e a g en cy need* aute ra te cle rk K k p e rte o c* only need ap ply 149 i j v i 

J h e a l t h p r o f e s s i o n a l s 
B re a k y e a r ro u tin e , ge t a n ew p e rcp e ctiv e en you r ow n c a r te r , 
* 
LWO a n d p e rh g p * lh# w o rld 
P e a c e 
B m p la y *47 W R I C T O R S e rv ice 
C a ra t an d V IS T A nave opening* 

ASM 
D O N iN S te v iff lo n e A lo# 18* 6 , t.p D of 
N lo 141 
IC N M a d m f * c Sakev A 

C H Y IHE* rn* bet* Oead 
I* w k*I to *1 2* Ann 

I V N 
Or • a ffa * 4 o Week 
Neka o 4 GVN tag 

Omer I V N Pawnee* ie 174oo 
Am i 

HEA! TH HNANC* nae* *«p 
Ceile.rot. Ccwmeku Banguol 
(HP 
INSUkANCI 
O E M tp. 
*66oo Ann 

IXP 
N A 
Ie 
*56oo 
Ann 

' Wf et UM* COMWWHltO ro e «o se co n d m aikm 

S a m A n t o n io 

H e a lt h S e r v ic e s 

P la c e m e n t s , 

I n c . 

C L E R I C A L . 
V a n a u t dune*. 

 a s s i s t a n t B U Y E R 
P e r to n al- ty wed la c m in * L ite tra v e l te a l 
Fu n 
MMM' 
*7*4 
Jo 
G u n te r, j E i m t 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 

• WUU. W * •JLLLS>y..l5l;:«? 
A tir e t ti v# 
C le r k 
T y p i *T, 
55 ite r am prater aaa 19 J#. aaa- wwBRar Caw ter o a a i M I W * a T T R A C T i Y * you eat* tram date tao* attn typma ISM*. Can Gat 
N ew Gay P a r teapot Cantut 941 w i kern a** l o u t E I G __________ k e n * T ra in e e c le r ic a l a atilrd a, tea ct w ith tao oenetrl* con R o ere 71511*1. M i l N a tl Ay#. 
•w tm tM ttepr mum atm . e n try level aaeWtan 
*4*4 ca< G a ra Com pot, tit H o t 
S N H L I N G A S N E L L I N G m m N , lt mm-tum tm 

 b u d a * ! C m l p o tlr n o e x p e rio n c # 
7 I M I * ! , 
_ a x a l 
' n i»9 ) « M i mea A . g 

 im s te B j s L r n h r w 

HULING GURK 
*538 m o n th P r e fe r v ip e r .e n c * 
- t i n c o m m e r c ia l n e a it b 
. I ru u i a n i* m eO icare et m e d ic a ik an im a C an n u m ab le tim e a ru o6 
. t p r iii on toliew m r eugh en pul>«nl ch arg e* M u tt h av e I y e a r hook keepin g e xp e rie n ce , and type 6o 
W P M 
U T H E A L T H S C IE N C E C E N T E R tm t-ievd C u rt O r 

 b illin g C le rk , Ow eat bapt* in m e d ica l hold, N S firm 
M J I ♦ C ad K a v D a v it 733 M e l 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m p ly e . 9* Grit lo tto ISS b o o k k e e p e r, p ra te r b a n k e x p e r 
■OMO, I day. M AE D a n k e r* E m p . 
*y< , 8744 C rograinK, M A O H I 
4 o o k k E * P E # ' F e e p a id '" * 
M EE! N a rd M f Ie e t u i 
N e i* p 
■apl H a r t a it h a le a d e r < K itt y 
K irk , 341 J i l l 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 

•se n t m ig * h f t v 
_ 
BOOKKIEPIMG 
It ae k r n l aer io n uooqi* et ru «.n* tv c a n C ik d y c h a r * * et p e e k * 
N a n m i n i 
I A U H m w N M a n w 

A a . anc em oui epty, tr e a t trm p e* moo* co ll G a le Centiar 7*2 J M l 
S N E L L I N G A I N E L L IN G 
I m p Ive 96 OHI tu n e 25o 
: C L E R K , G re a t a p p t, N u n n etc 
Typm a SSM C o il G ee 128 6494 N ew 
O a r P e rte n n e f C o n n u to t N E 

.'-m w i 's'fjp.i 
. . 
_____ 
> C o lle cto r telephone I day, pard 
• a e o lia n , h o lid a y * , re tire m e n t trek lea ve e xce lle n t d o n u t *644 b a n k e r* E m p Iv e , (744 C ro w n 
I iii, 424 4123 
2 3 M T'a n a cg i ' , , , n j v i t x v r i l p it .ce d u ll* * 
M u s t i e apod lr p u t eoed rn E n g iu n ana 
M ath, pare Ie ca tch on a u K k iy an d w ark 3!que N o rth e a st ta ctio n of 
S a n A n t o n io , t r a n t p a r t a t ie a re q u ire d C d ll 341 *99* b e tw ee n 
,h« hour* a. la n d l f m M e n . f n 
K M E O f f A SST SSM 
T ypo 64, I yr* p e e l exp 
S a t 922 J i l t U 3 ) SW M ilita ry 

 f l f t f g . g ? ItC 
H m crom C N etM M E I 
M y ii b o ve ty p a a b a y e c re d it ex- p ♦ A ltu re Ikd K etty 
92*4*o6 
41) SW M u lle n 

G e n e ra , o ft.e e a n t w e r p n o n e , 
••ahi type, attice expectan t e, ca ll now. A n d re a 7*1-2191, 2*o1 W et! 
A ve 
Jade N orth, m c, P lo c e m t Sec 
O R E A T C G need* o'uo■< re cep t. 
C an L y n n 
N ew D ay P e r tan ne: C o n t a in 
N E Loop c o * u ,t, 514 m i g r a n t * a g e n c y n e e d * i n ­ d iv id u a l w ith a c c o u n tin g e x p 
P re to r c a tu a ltv m tu ra n c e b a c k 
■round, te m * ta c re ta n a i d u iik i 
CBM G ea ry A b b a cy 349-6494 
IN S U R A N C E C L E R K 
P re m iu m p r e r e tt tn g . ane y e a r e xp e rie n ce in pro per tv ar ca tu a r ly h e lp fu l C e n iu c i M r* j« n * m a n u a l 71o 2411 * M em * 45 pm 
■ 
2 S 2 S S S 1 L -.___________________ ln *u ron, * R a te r, c u m ri M P R 
Typin g v arie d eN ice ouiie* 
SSO* ira, Tr*th Tenant 6 5 2 -n jJ 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G im e . »vc *24) R ou en R id e r 
! N E E D N O W I 
B E G I N N E R S C C *5oo 
• IL L IN G C L E R K 54/5 
C L E R K T Y P IS T *421 
B A N K T R A I N E R M SP 
A C C O U N T C L E R K * *5U4 
R ic h A A tle e I m atey m vn t S ry 
6*4oA San P e a r . ti* !o61 
K e y p u n c h I I M ii* a c cu ra te 

 ja b * South P la c e m e n . S a t . . . j_ 

o*f»C»m *r tu b e r v iso r v 

. iou ie UU,.,, i l l * G a u d L t 

A ea* ** eu m g t i 
Com * it *121 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
S M m ON E v van R -d ar 

•■ Pana ne aa ca o*»«nt* *554 
C m l 6*7 t il* 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G im p u t 8)43 Gouda K d«r 

LIBRARY OfflCl 
G oad te a rie r • Type i f ! M u st naira • y r atN ce t i p 
S P E A K S P E K S O N N E l S K Y 

»Us< s5isj&m i no ir* 
MOiTKSiDf ra —ffff— a •ESP EilP a* fV B P a c c U M I phunv* 
Sue 922 IT H I I I ) SW M u .lu rv 
JOB E M e r u IP* P la t am p h i SOT 

 in heuMn p f oar a m i o v e rte a * and iii U S A ta r B S R N v A A N u rtin g . oh v t it ai ther apt*!*. X ra y lech*. la b and m ad tech * , b o te lla ! va m in .ttra tp r* P a s t e C a rp * . V IS ­ 
TA p ro v id e v o lu n te e r liv in g a l­ low ance lf un ip o i lo tio n m gdiCdL other b e n efit* P re ta r no o p p a n dent*. 
COK 
512 197 5*25, pet. 
4 cpkect 
H y g ie n n t o n d d e n ta l a s s is t a n t neeaed Cm oruet N o rth A re a Can tor in te rv ie w 696-32)1 

IMMEDIATE 

O PENINGS 
R N *-LVNs 
S T A F F R E L I E F 
Your FovoritG Shift 
Fu ll or P a rt Tim e 
NO F E E S ! 

INQUIRE m i OUI 
EXCLUSiVl INSTANT 
PAY PROCRAM 

M e ta l Peninaiy Poe! 
IQI* N M a ra 
)*4 588* 

S I V * IN C O M P A N IO N S 
M a tu re m ate* ta ca re tar Rte rn 
• O M a r e ld e rly C a r n a a e x c e l u n i ta ta r * , p a r t a r tu n tim e 
Room and b o a rd am * w e e k ., Ne tao* R N lim e I V U * * 
P L E A S E C A L L rn m i m urk tw ill p u d * an d .• m e et mate iay H o m em a k er* u e io n » 
. .G B ' 
' 
" 

REFERENCE 
CLINICAL 
LABORATORY 

L Y N R E L I E F 7 ) a n d 1 11 
E x p e n a n ce w iin m e n ia lly re ta rd e d helaM I A p p ly betw een I dom 4pm 
Sky view 
L iv in g 
Center 
474) 

S tssasa_________________________ 
LVNS FULL TIME 
7 4 an d U t W e otter cu m p v M tv e w o a«, c e m p q n y p a id lit* m tu r- anc# vocotion * ond a good cn v ir- g n m e n t la p r a c t t c a a e r i a l n c n u rs in g U i m t n t i M a g ic a l l l * 
Law it ll )-l*li 

Seeking NBmdukl ic ogeratk 
Nighty automate* chemnrry rn- riTument bkunence preferred, but wtS conyger highly motivated 
Home# 
( Xtedent compony be neb tv 
Salary commeaturatt with fromwij and e*p*nente Cad 
Mi HKSiy Mon fn 
I S, SSG 
121o 

MEDICAL RECORDS KRA 
N o n s m o k e r piea*e a p p ly 14-12 a l 
H iiu .d e M o n or D IO G o u ll L a n e 
1*14+646__________________________ 

N U R S E A I D E S 
A N O O R D E R L I E S 
' M a tu re , d e p e n d a b le a id e * an d a rd a rlle * needed ta r m att re lie f a ttm n m a n t* M u ir n o va at Ie a t! I y r hoap ito l e xp e rie n ce 
Medical Personnel Pool 
IS H N MORI 
224 *44* 
O p e n in g 
M e d ic a l T e c h n a io g u t. n e m a ta la g y . b a c ta rto ia a v e x p e r lie n e e n g c t t t o r y 
S a la r y o p e n c a m m e n k u r a t a w ith e x p 
F o r c o n trd e n iia i in te rv ie w c a ll M r* 
| B ru m 69>, ti** 
I 
R E G N U R S E 
O I . E X R . M F , 111,444+ 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
O ak HUI* M e a B ld g 6 4 + ff l l 
M e d ico ! D e n ia l i m p Ser* 

R E S I D E N T I A L m a n a g e r IP tu ber vi*e Hie a c liv itta t Of the ro­ n d e a u in tra n w tia n a l liv in g *et ting. w en m g an d w eekend, m a r n o d couple d e n ie d . H S ed u cation i Or m o i* ale m , p re fe r cou ple w.tn 
I e x p e r ie n c e in d e a lin g w .tn a d o te irm u A pp ly B e x a r County m h m r e l I N F ib re * 

R N I It. S47I btu* $144, L Y N SSS! 
C e n tu ry P la c e m e n t S e rv ice 
I 
IS) W C e n tu ry it d B 16* U T I 

RNS 

LVNS 

I N T E R E S T E D 
IN 
P S Y C H IA T R IC 
N U R S I N G it vau e re e a u ta w o rk * ta I * m m per week. we need y o u ' Y o u w ill 
■ e retvk rn fun day* or »eoialie<t on* b t ubre to w ark the day* et y ou r cbe ice N a tee*! In tran t puy> C u ll 
Betty tar fur th e r in te l m ghun 

I ^ i P^^li l i l t N M am ___________ 
22 4 588 5 

MI DiCAL DENIAL 
See Sundae I od* lio n , md* 
O R P B R S O N N E L 
OOO Hut* M o d B id * 6**-** 14 

 u . i.T^ r s a r & B v „ 
• vrreaced m a tu re Ier ab y*,cran * 
•flie d M u tt hay# •• per atone* ut 

M IC U • SICU 
W a a r a p ro v id in g tu g e la m e n ta l 
♦totting ta r c rttc a f c o ra unit* rn m a tt at S an A n to n * * e n v o i* no 
'PH O U Sa eau ca n w ark rn* d ry * a n d *hitt» e t y o u r chute# in in t tn ti.tu H oa at you r chere* P rof* * n o n o l u o a h ly w u u ro n r* p r v ,.u » f 
6* U t N O P E E SI IN S T A N T G B V I 
Mstttci! Personae! PNI 
IQI* N 
M a in 
224 5685 
S o n A n io n ic H e o iin S e r v lc * * 
P iq c e m e n lt, Inc . *4 N E . Loup 
414, Suit* D I E , H 9 4)13 sgy iy fi i i r -------- 
I n u r t ilin g |»6 typo, SH , SSS* 
OR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak HUI* M e a t id e keg-eel* v e d ic * . O v u le E m p S erv 
— 
T W Y Y f F f K I T R r — 
M F A V A I L A B L E IM M B O 
OM P E R S O N N E L 
O ak tnw* M a d U G E 6*4-4414 

 lu p e r v ttin g 
• n u W ill* p g n e n c e * ie th e f te r * * * e n d 
P Q Bu* 4*3* H W 

 u t m u : - I M E ) 

• IIM A N IM A L S III* 
On re g lik e M e m 7 K n e w tfckfH* 
H ued I S h e rry B u ra * 
***-4144 l l ) S N MU«tor y 
Jd*» Sdutn R u e em u t Ser n e * 

U H N u M k i* t o C A U 
I* i l l I 666 
I A W I ** AMP Xvi W I 

FII PAID 

D fflVtt $3JO hr 

Commercial Sceme necettory, dean tinting record Al leon I 

| yr a m t #*p Alt benefit* paid 

I by company, with yoed rime* 
: Heed immedMtety 

U 
S 
S 
M h a l a r * 
] lAkeLOVMixn ite v ic i 
A41S Ce-M»vl*w B i M I H H 

O R Y C L E A N I N G 

C H E C K E R 

IxpGriGnctd 

5-doy wtffk 

Apply Bt 
8311 Broadway 

BODY SHOP 
MANAGER 
★ SAURY OPEN ★ 
(Boxed Or Ix p g n m m ) 
* FRINGE BENEFITS * 

CxRfart; O rarife Otdue 
BIG COUNTRY 
FORD SALES 

• O O M 227-EE41 

A U T O M E C H A N IC 
S m o ll Tow n L iv in g 
B ig Tow n w a g e * 
L I V I O A K 
M O T O R S F O R D 
T H R E E R IV E R S , T X 
I-T I+ 2 S 4 7 ____________ 

BACKHOE OPERATOR 
E < p e n lite va in in sta llin g sew er* 

BAG MACHINE MECH 
R a y M l 37U f } jy $ W M ilita r y yod E x p e rt* in c P la c e m e n t S er 
-•Tm Ebb TKir irawE— * 
L ik e ta d r iv e ? G re a t N e tt C e ♦- lr m ea* She, ry Burn* 
*13 4IAX 
41) SW M ttifa ry 
Jo t* South P la c e m e n ! S e rv ic e t c T r m 
. n , o llx h J e n l, * n e elf” p e rie n c e . w e ll tr a m I II s h ift, 
Con jo e 7 1 2 -iie i, 2*41 w e st A ve- 
JPK* H er th. Inc. P K K em I iv e 

• j T c T n r r r A w n w 
A t i n 

 n e e d e d im m e d ia te ly 
G e e d e o y 
• m y m o te w ith b u r g la r g ia r m 
• k p e n e n - e need appt* I le I HI 

T T f f T T g T w'g 'n le q* rn X K I , fu ll itm x, a d v s c a le a c c e l d in e to e x p e r ­ ien ce 
A d e ll i v x iiiu c iix * 
C g 
424 M eg 

UNEMPLOYED? WHY? 

P ABI TI AAI, inGw* trial Divlalon, o ffe r* dotty w ark fo r dependable people with transportation lf you or* betw een lobe, in school, retired, P A R H M ! can holp your inc am a grow. 

N aad driver*, painters, w arehouse ond m aln- fgnance worker*, walter* and w d t r o u o t , security guards. A U SHIFTS AVAILABLE 

O nly those intorosfod in w orking nood apply! 

W 
M 
I H 
F 
I 5 
TH£ Q UALITY V . M P T H a h Y H ELP 

Call Ray 224-1731 
729 lost Houston itroot 

“ Work With A Growing Company" 

• Permanent 
• Batter Poy 
• Benefits 

• DUSEL MECHANIC (EXP.) 

• ELECTRICIAN 

 apply 8-11 a.m. daily 
McDonough Brot., Inc. 
8 miles post Wonderland on IHI o Exit at leek m an oquof opportunity em ployer 

L I N E T E C H N I C I A N 

EXPERIENCED O N LY 
MAIN SHOP 
SEE JOE DALTON 
IN PERSON 
TOM BENSON CHKVROLKT 
LOOP 41o NORTH AT SAN PEDRO 

A N (QUAI O PPO RTUN ITY f At PLO TER 

 k M e i i d i x k i * ? * , L ° " l u 
B “ S S I* * ?* * - W**M M R» m a rk e r* t a r » n h ? M u . 
*»»'» V esta R tattle* le t tm o rv c^ en i l l lf, 
* A v en u e A, F re e p e rt. T i, C e n 
S a te rv Og o r . E M - ) M I a r 4W-24S9 c e l lt c t 
711 I i ) H S I e r 
J L AAA Y P I R L D C O IN C 
1 1 3 -lf) 1141 
I ouch oe& ffrtunKb 
A u gQ uol O p p o rtu n ity g m g lp y o r 
' ***** 

C rra s lru c lle h k le h o g e r 
T ra in in i 'S F f N I i ti g I B I S E l I A T 6 R 1 f 9*«ro*ed in a n d W O R K IN O M A N A G E R * 
-im A m in %vr 
A u l a e T r u c k * m u c B r r i c r II v 
• h c M n e d 
N a t l c e . ik s u o t o g 
OLPERIENCEO FITTER 
M u tt trave e x p e rie n ce s s a fin e r 
Joe* Seem P la c e m e n t S e rv ic e " !• ' • • • • * a p p a re l ekep E .c e h e e f 

C u lC m -iV e m x ’ J ie p q n J o . i. iu V x r V t h . l T need* young te ll s ta rte r ta fra m e , N u rfh Sfgr M o V 
* n » B . 

I x p v n e n c x d J UK thee »ir#«r in# lo! t a b 'll a io n aq,so hxipg r*. T ao w age* an d P e n e flU C e ll til UH. 
F *U*r 'lint S i m a p rx ss m u it fw d c e iq r p r u t * . 2 5x11 
A p p ly a l 
Suu in w« i i c a rfe n t i l 
R e d e * 
IH-TS41. 
___________ 

FT p erT e n ce d T ru c k T ire T Ti v ice 
Mum. re fe re n ce * C le rk T ire C e 
J i l l S 6 lu r* * T le S tS f 

 de pf* i m ie n fu ry Ju y ce B e st 
521*4366 
S I) SW M o rta ry 

MTB, NC N eat po n o ,lo b I* a rtis tic end mn flame guy inclined, 
Fiomiae experience preferred b u l noi n e c e s sa ry F a r a p p l ceti 
*2* H S ) 

Stu rt fra m in g to d a y 1 M ead O' A e 
C g lh* K etty m * j* i s i) tm M ilita ry 

 toot tout* Rtacgxnen S e rv ice o t m o r r n m m n e r n r i i , a ctio n cern po ny CAM l l s I/O* 
HH M r Wea n e r 

 c i r l 
MILLER 

F E N T E R S 
B e ste ad aa) C e a tfru c rn use 
I H I f ******* 
* H 5 W t i »eit*» T W 
I --------- 
CALS l l s ie e e 

 w an tee Hi us e rat* • le ttin g I sag, 

 f x t v lg e f g a a g rtu a M y ie N g id t i c s n t f f u i h en d ru H in g exp b e ta 
HH. O ik hi* C a rl p i 127 s u i 
* .y r s T T e v m s — b r r r 
O R K SSE ■ warned- G u ed w e rtm g ce w M ra n * 
C e n 
S te I I M or rag Du 
_ 

•t T I* >s6e 
I ■ Mil** SHO M W * 

UKMfWfB 
CNfWttn 
PMI: MAN 
Coll Part* MonagGr 
CAPITE w 

Son Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday February 2 7 1 9 7 7 

• H E M P H IL L -M c C O M B S F M D # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 • H E M P H IL L -M c C O M B S FO R D # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 
• H E M P H IL L -M c C O M B S F O R D # I IN 1 9 7 7 • H E M P H IL L -M c C O M B S FO R D # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 

$5,ooo 
CASH 
GIVE W A Y 
Register for the 

HEMPHILL-McCOMBS FORD 
*5,ooo.oo 
SA VIN G S 
> 
. 
. .»_• 
■ *, 
- 
'V ■ • . • 
. •' v. i ■ 
PLAN 
GIVEAWAY * 

 at any of our. . . 

FRIENDLY CREDIT SERVICE 
IN TOWN ★ 222-8611 ext. 21o ★ OUT OF TOWN 
I H O U R SERVICE — “ SE H ABLA ESP A N O L” 

W e ’ll help you to choose a plan that works best for you. W e use local banks and 
Ford Motor Company financing . . . but w e’re glad to use any source you might prefer, such as your company credit union . . . And we cheerfully accept cash. Call us for a FREE CREDIT check at 222-861 I ext 2 1 o or just come on by. 

1 9 7 7 
HEMPHILL MCCOMBS FORD # I SALES 
LEADER IN CARS AND TRUCKS 
FOR 1977 AND WE INTEND TO KEEP 
IT THAT WAY!!! 

• 1o25 SAN PEDRO 
2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 

• 19o1 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
9 2 2 - 6 3 1 7 

• 4721 W. COMMERCE 
4 3 3 - 1 4 6 4 

• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
3 4 9 - 6 5 9 1 

• 5831 N.W. LOOP 41o 
6 8 1 - 1 4 3 1 

N O P U R C H A S E N E C E S S A R Y 

M O N D A Y A N D TUESDAY FEBRUARY 28th A N D M ARCH I st! 
2-DAY DISCOUNT SPECTACULAR SALE!! 

WSHSHfclSS 

1 9 7 7 T - B IR D 

2-door hardtop, dark jade metallic, automatic transmiss­ ion, power brakes, power steering, duraspark ignition system, steel belted radial whitewall tires, opera win­ dows, full wheel covers, elec­ tric clock, dual note horn, directaire ventilation system, white two-piece vinyl roof, 
351 
CID 
V-8, dual accent stripes, all vinyl seat trim, deluxe bumper guards, air con­ ditioned, tinted glass, vinyl body side moldings. #5838 

 s 5579 
DISCOUNT 
$734 

1977 MUSTANG ll 

2-door, dark brown, dura­ spark ignition, contoured bucket seats, color keyed carpeting, sound insula­ tion package, full gauges, fold down rear seat, 2.3 litre ejigine, sport steering wheel, automatic, white­ wall tires, power rack and pinion steering, power disc brakes, air condition, 
AM radio, tinted glass, dual sport mirrors, wire wheel covers, #4753. 
’4498 
DISCOUNT 
$459 

1 9 7 7 L T D ll 

“S” STATIONWAGON 

Ivory white, automatic transmission, power steer­ ing, power brakes, steel belted radial tires, 3-way magic door gate, remov­ able load, lockable stor­ age, 351 V-8 engine, front bumper guards, front license plates brackets, 
#5299. 
$4634 
DISCOUNT 
*535 

1 9 7 7 P IN T O 

STATION WAGON 

Light blue metallic, disc brakes, rack and pinion steering, vinyl bucket seats, mini-console, fold down rear seat, flipper windows, automatic trans­ mission, whitewall tires, air conditioned, wheel covers, body side mold­ ings, #54o2. 
$4184 
DISCOUNT 
*4o1 

1977 GRANADA 

Dark blue metallic, overdrive transmission, disc brakes, steel belted radial tires, whitewall, wheel covers, opera win­ dows, 25o CID engine, tin­ ted glass, front license plates brackets, body side moldings, #5471. 

*4o76 
DISCOUNT 
*458 
OFF ON EACH USED CAR LISTED BELOW 

M A IN STORE 
1o25 SA N PEDRO 
77 
COUGAR XR-7, fully equipped, 
AMFM stereo, bucket seats, console, 
SAVE HUNDREDS! 

12 MONTH/12,ooo MILE 

’76 
MALIBU a.„« 2- door Colonad, very low i d O 
Q 
C miles........................H 
O 
J D 

SE HABLA 
I ESPANOL 
W A R R A N T Y A V A IL A B L E 
SE HABLA 
ESPANOL 
’7 A GRANADA «. 
M door, automatic, air, S^fl I D Q 

’7 A MUSTANG st** SOA TC 
/ Q dord shift, 12,ooo milos . . W * t # •J 

I J C MONTE CARLO 
# ^ landau, AM/EM staroo, 
J 

’ 7 C MALIBU 
Classic, SOQQC rn automatic, power, air ....A J rn nm 

’7 5 ™ “ ",° 
‘3995 

’7 2 NOVA si OOO 
# 4 b Automatic, air............. I T 
V 
# 

»71 PONTIAC 
/ 
I Catalina, automatic, $ I A QC power, air................ 
I ™ 
T a# 

’ 7 4 
>2395 

’7 C HONZA 
M M C 
" 
Two-Plus-Two............ • 
W 
T W 

I J O FORD aw w.^ 
§ 
12-pan— ye, automat l f A U S ic, power, air............... i H f T a# 

*7 ^ FORD is« 
SOAQC 
# W truck, automatic, air 
T J 

* 7 5 MUSTANG 
USOCQC 
■ 
* 4 Automatic, power, air.... 4 L e# T a# 

SO U TH SID E 
19o1 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

* 7 ^ ford Courier stoa- $1 A f i O 
" W dord pickup with radio . . . J W M T 

* 
7 
7 
F O R D l-ISO Von. 
# # air, automatic, 1,1oo * I | Q milos 
. 
’7A MoNTt carlo, g 
Automatic, air, AM/EM S C O J L ^ L tape deck. 

NO R 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA 

I J A GREMLIN 
# " X 6 cylinder, standard shift, this weeks S Q O O special .................. 
Y O O 

* 7 1 toyota 
S l o a n 
» 
■ 
Station Wagon........... I Ma W W 

» 7 o PONTIAC 
Gran 
I 
O 
Prix, fully power equip- # pa w ww w ped, AM/FM stereo tape * ^ ^ 
^ 
’73 
PONTIAC c.,.- lino 4-door, automatic, steering, power power brakes 
S2 1 8 9 
’ 7 A FORD goon lim. $ A O A A 
# 
Van, fully equipped 
U T WW ’71 
OLDS 98 luxury 
Sedan, 4o,ooo milos, 
AM/FM, must sea to $ o 4 L o o appreciate................ A v 
O 
O 

I J C T-BIRD All luxury 
/ Ja assists intiuding 5 7 1 Q A 
’73 sun roof, immaculate .... 

IMPALA Wagon, 
VA, automatic, mr, J O O O f t power steering, power 
» J JC MERCURY M.n- a mr **9° FA-X, fully equip- * 3 6 6 6 ped 
’79 CHEVROLET 
S I O O O rn Mm 
Picliw|> V-8 standard .... I T V w 

’ J C CHEVY Caprice Clos- 
/ J sic landau, 2 door, full ^ rn r power including w i n - 1 2 o lo dows and soots.......... H F B # rn a r 
’73 

O L D S 
Delta 
88, automatic, air, power . — f \£ \ steering, power brakes, S O O S I O ’74 
FORD 
C ran 
I M M * 
S f w « 
M o lto* w a y **. 

 pewee breket, bk* new 
* 3 6 6 6 
’ 7 ^ IMPALA «nm., S I O O O 
M W Viny| roaf, nice c o r 
I T O 
O 

> 7 C AMC HORNET _ a « # Hatchback, only 3,ooo S O IT Q IT milos, automatic, air 
W a # T a# 
* 7 o GRAN TORINO. 
£ ? ! £ 1 9 8 9 

’ 7 
4 c h e v y 
— 
/ 9 « » ^ 
**k- J5 6 6 6 ’74 drive 

GRAN 
TORINO 
2-door, vinyl roof. 
* 2 6 8 8 
75 
GRAN PRIX 
Powor windows ond # w ow rn seats, tilt wheel, cruise ' 4 l f U Ko control, low mileage 
■ W T or 

» 7 o DODGE #««,!. 
. „ 
/ £ . too>. » i i * v , v t . S I A Q 
Q 
MO,>iayl'aal.ai' 
I O O Y 
’ 7 4 MUSTANG gnw. „ 
I 
H r b-cylinder, automatic, ^ 
2 
3 
6 
6 
’7 5 
CoAVT 
_ automatic, air, vinyl 
2 y 
3 v 

’74 vw 
" 
Aliner I 
Super Bootle 
*2695 
72 
GREMLIN 2-deor, automatic, air, power ) 1 O 
O 
Q steering, power brakes .... I V w 
T 
’ 7 4 chevrolet b a * f Comino V 8, automatic, S O jL j L jL an, power 
’ 7 ford 
# 
A wheel drive pickup ....*3688 

»JA MUSTANG a H r •- automatic, air, power, # J Jk { J t 
V-6 
> 7 1 CHIVY Vega Se a I don, automatic, air, $ 1o89 extra clean 
’7 3 
FORD LTD Stotion wagon, fully loaded, only 3o,ooo milos 
U 
U v U 
’7 2 GALAXIE 
SOO 
1688 

’ 7 o MAZDA Rx-3S1 A G C t W Wagon, 4-spood with air ,. I “ 
T e# 
’74 CHEVY v.*. «... a * T <kkack, automatic, air, S O 
O 
Q 
Q radio, extra dean 
7 3 2 2 1 ^ . ^ * 1 6 6 6 
1 7 o RIVIERA ah 
M O power and arr, maroon S O Q O O with white vinyl root .... Mm rn %S W 

’7 3 
NOVA Custom Hat- chbock, automatic, 
74 
PINTO 
. 
Wagon, gala OI alk, air, $ I Q 
Q 
Q 
IOTIO FORD Grog Torino, rn Mm 4-door, tuHy loaded 
M i Ma W W 
’7 o ^ ° ' — 
*1688 

’ 7 o MERCURY - 
/ JU *»** •roughom, 4 door, S O I Q 
C full powor equipped 
Ma I T a # 
’73 
OLDS Delta 88 loyal, 
4 -door, automatic, air, e f t j i f l f t 
C 
'war steering, power S O O B Q ekes, cruise centre! .... Ma Jm W rn 
CHEVY v«, vt, outomalic, fully carpet- ‘2 6 6 6 ’76 
R A N G E R 
... . . 
Pickup V-8, automatic, $ 4 4 f i R an, power steering ...... ■ x w 
M 

 s a 

* IM S SAN MONO AVI. * 47o7 W. (o M M » C i » 71oo SAN PIDRO AVE. 
222-8611 
433-1464 
341-2586 

* LOOP CIO Cl BANCHA 
* 1 o o 1 S.W. MUITAIY OB. 
681-1431 
922-6317 

• H B M P H I U - M c C O M B f F O t t D # 1 I N 1 9 7 7 • H I M P M I L L M c C O M B S F M D N I I N 1 9 7 7 
• H t M P H I U M c C O M B S F O R D S I I N 1 9 7 7 • M I M F M I L l - M c C O M B S I C H ID 9 I I N 1 9 7 7 

P a g e 2 2 -D 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 197 7 

TRADES 

62o 

EXP. SEAMSTRESS to m oke c a v to m - m o d e shirts. 826 3528 
EXP. SHEET VINYL 
SND TILE INSTALLERS 
M u s t h ove ow n too ls a n d tra n s p o rta tio n 
C E N T R A L FLO O R C O V E R IN G 
THO B a ll ST. 
653-4451 

En. Trailer Mechanic 
F rin g e b e n e fits, good p a y , stea d y e m p lo y m e n t, L u f k in T r a ile r s , 
3343 R oosevelt A ve. 
F ir s t c la s t a u to g la s s in s ta lle r n e e d e d , re fe r e n c e s a n d e x p e r ­ ie n c e n e c e s s a ry . 56 OO p e r h o u r s ta rt, a p p ly 27oo T ra v is , H ouston, 
T x . o r c a ll 713-526-115o. 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
E x p e rie n c e d , la dies a p p a re l E x ­ ce lle n t b en efits. A p p ly In person. 
M a n g e r S m a rt Shop, N o rth S tar 
M o ll 

 seOO F u rn itu r e to u c h -u p , e x p e r- ie n c e In re p a ir s , $6oo. c a ll Jo e 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve 
Jobs N o rth , Inc, P la c e m t Svc 
HAIRDRESSERS n e e d 2 e x p e rie n c e d a n d s ta b le h a ird re s s e rs im m e d ia te ly (o r es­ ta b lis h e d c lie n te le 
P a r t tim e , g oo d h o u rs , e x c e lle n t p a y . C a ll 
684-4811 a n d le a v e m e ssa g e o r 
674-o794 o fte r 5___________________ 

•HAIRDRESSERS# 
W anted fo r Im m e d ia te openings. 
C all Joe. 656 3844_________________ 
H a ir s t y li s t c u t b io w s h o p . 
6 o S co m m 828-9o85 342-87o9 

614 T T O 

W O R K O V E R S E A S , A u s tr a lia , 
A fric a , S outh A m e ric a , E u ro p e , e tc. C o n s tru c tio n , s a le s . E n g in ­ e e r s , C le r ic a l, e tc . 58ooo to 
55o.ooo4-. E x p e n s e s p a id 
F o r e m p lo y m e n t in fo rm a tio n , w rite ; 
O verseas E m p lo y m e n t Box IO U , 
Boston, Ma.o21o3. 

616-FOOD-DRlM SERVICES 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 
618 TOOD DRINK SERVICES 
616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

Help 
Wanted 62o 

_ _ _ _ _ _ 
MisceRanens 
Help 
Wanted 7o2 726 FOREIGNSPOR! SCABS 

H E A V Y E Q U I P M E N T 
T I R E R E P A I R M A N 
E x p e r ie n c e d , U n if o r m s f u r ­ nished, s a la ry open, c a ll 698-2386, a sk to r Bud. E a u a l O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p lo y a r 

HEAVY EQUIP MECH 
54 25 h r4 -. H y d ra u lic exp 
R a y 922-2711 1233 SW M ilita r y 
Job E x p e rts Inc P la c e m e n t Ser 
•53 OOHr W e ld ers 54 s o k r. 
N e ed 8 to d a y I M o re e x p . M o re 
M o n e y! Ik e K e lly 
9234346 
413 SW M ilita ry 
Jobs South P la c e m e n t S ervice 
I m m e d ia te o p e n in g s : e x p e r - lenced la w n m o w e r m e ch an ic and shop s u p e rv is o r. S a la ry , c o m m is ­ sion, b en efits 
8331 
B ro a d w a y . 
878-o476 
IRON WORKER WELDERS f o r p re c a s t c o n c re te a nd s te e l e re c tio n . E xp e rie n c e d o nly a p p ly 
829 N oga iito s 
---------------- - P k l \ H IR E ---------------- 
W a re h ou se -d riv e rs 
F o rk lift-c o u n te r help 
R ic h A Assoc. E m p lo y m e n t S rv 
684oA San P e d ro 826-o66! 

M A C H I N I S T 
A t to a s t 5 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e in la th e ana m ill w o rk , a p p ly in p e r­ son. G e rla c h P ro d u c ts Inc, 12o12 
R a d iu m , San A ntonio. 
MACH OPR S2.SS 
V ie 922-2711 1233 SW M lT itorv 
Job E x p e rts Inc P la cem e n t Ser 
M a in tf-n o rx > Mon (or ISS u nit a p t p ro p e rty A p p lic a tio n s now bein g ta k e n a t 8o38 B ro a d w a y 

RESTAURANT 
MANAGEMENT 
ENTRY LEVEL 

ASSISTANT MANAGERS 

LOOKING FOR A 
CARIER WITH A 
RIAL FUTURE IN THE 
FAST FOOD INDUSTRY? 

We hove ground floor openings for 6ssis(on( Managers in our exerting new Burger Country family Restaurants Perfect posi­ tion for an individual willing to work hard for a stable career with sound growth as we ex­ pand our concept in the greater 
Son Antonio oleos We ore look­ ing for individuals with 

* At least I year food service suporvisory e s­ 

 teem 

 ok>t awKkty. 
A Desire to o f responsibility. 
A A desire to lead 

A A * X * lr * ta serve the 

IF YOU'VE GOT 
WHAT W I WANT, 
W I VE GOT WHAT 
YOU WANT! 

A An excellent beginning bose salary. 
A Outstanding manage­ m ent benefit package. 
A P rofit-sharing banus program afte r 
9o days. 
A In depth Training pro ­ gram 

We operate over 2oo highly sue restful fast food restaurants throughout the west lf you ore interested and/or looking for o rateer with real future, toll 

M I t o s t mr SON. *7 o-9o3 7 

 o n M O N O A V , f l e e c i e s t t a r n 
F R O M o ,o o A K 
J OO P .M 

A n I g u a l o p p o rtu n ity nmptayer M/P 

Sambo’s is looking for Manager Partners. 

One of the nation’s leading chains of family restaurants 

 offers talented, hard-working people 

 a tremendous opportunity to earn what they’re worth. 

 ou’re the person w e’re looking for if: 

You have management experience and are up to the challenge of running a 
$ 5 o o ,o o o a year rest­ aurant. 

You're willing to go through a six-month training program so thorough and practical it’s a model for the restaurant industry. 

You want to do more than manage a restaurant — you want to invest as a partner and share in the profits. 

You’re looking for more than a job, but a real career with a company that offers some of the best fringe benefits in the restaurant in­ dustry. 

 lf this is you, it’s time for you to get to know more about us. And you’re invited to attend our meeting on 
Career 
Management 
O p ­ portunities witfT Sambo’s at: 
7 :3 o p.m. Monday, Feb. 2 8, 
1 97 7, 
Hilton 
Palacio 
Del 
Rio, 2 oo S. Alamo St., San 
Antonio, Tx. 7 8 2 o 6 . 

HESTAURANTS 

DRIVERS 

G reyhound, the w orld s largest bus transportation com pany is presently lo o k­ ing for persons interested in careers os drivers. 
G re y ­ hound drivers en|oy ex cedent woges, liberal benefits; including paid pension pion, paid holidays, poid vacation a fte r one year, cost-of-living a llo w a n ­ ce, free travel benefits, group m edical pion, etc. 

M IN IM U M Q UALIFICATIO NS 
ARE: 

AGE. N o t less than 2 4 nor more than 35 a t tim e o f employment. 

V IS IO N : M ust meet Federal vision requirements. 

WEIGHT: Proportionate to height 

Must have an acceptable m otor vehicle record 

M ust pass G reyhound pre­ em ploym ent physical exam ination. 

Must successfully com plete prescribed G reyhound 
Driver Training Progrom. 

Previous bus driving experience is not required. 

Men and women o f oil racial groups are encouraged to im m ediately contact their local G reyhound Terminal if they ore interested in a rew ording career os o 

G reyhound driver 

Contact G reyhound ot: 
5 o o N. St. Mary's 
San Antonio, Texas 

G r e y h o u n d - e s 

An I goof Opportunity Employer 

WAREHOUSE WORKER 
Som e e x p e rie n c e , o v e r 25, com m e rc ia l license, oble lo d riv e 11 * to n b o b ta il. J d a y w e e k , s o m e re a u ia r o v e rtim e , 52 65 an h o u r, frin g e b e n e fits 
H io h s c h o o l o r e q u iv a le n t. P o ly q r a D h e x a m re q u ire d . A p p ly in person Don s A 
B e n 's O ffic e , W e st A ve at Loo p 
41o, ask to r W ayne W ya tt________ 
8175 WEEKLY 
IF Q U A L IF IE D 
L o c a l c o m p a n y s till has 4 ope n ­ in gs to r in d iv id u a ls w ho a re m e ­ c h a n ic a lly In c lin e d and n ea t a p ­ p e a rin g . N o e x p e rie n c e n e c e s ­ s a ry . E x c e lle n t w o rk in g c o n d i­ tions. 
M u st be able to w o rk im m e d ia te ly 
C A L L 653-7451 

622 - DOMESTIC 

B a b y s itte r to llv e -in , ro o m and b oa rd . $2o p e r w eek 924-5748. 
C are to r e ld e rly la d y to liv e -in , lite housew ork, 55o a week. 655-9412. 
I do house d e a n in g E xp th ro u g h 
C all o fte r 6- 349-8597. 
Live-m help 
826 o46o 
Spanish or E ng lish . 

LIVE-IN HOUSEKEEPER 
D e s ir e r e s p o n s ib le 
E n q iis h - s p e a k in g la d y w ith d r iv e r 's lic e n s e , C a s tle H ilts fa m ily w ith c h ild re n IO, 7 and 5. 
P r iv a t e ro o m , f i e . s a la r y , 
344-9842 a fle r 6; 3o pm . 
Live-tn w ith g e n e ra l hou sew ork, 2 c h ild re n , E n g lish -sp e a kin g , re fe r­ ences re q u ire d 675-2715 o tte r 6 in the evening 

SUN SALE 

6 6 
V W SQUAREBACK 
Air Conditioning, real nice 
*895 

'6 7 T R I U M P H 
SPITFIRE 
* 8 9 5 
’74 TRIUMPH 
SPITFIRE 
Whit?, Blue interior 
* 2 9 9 5 

' 7 5 M O B 
Red, wire wheels Low Miles 
* 4 1 9 5 

'7 4 T R 6 
Air conditioning, AM EM tape 
* 4 4 9 5 

7 7 
4 W heel Drive 
LANDROViR 
38 ,o o o Miles 
* 2 9 9 5 

A U T O M O T IV E 

7o2 726 FOREISN SPORTSCARS 7o2 726 U H M SPoBTSCA83 

M a tu re w om an to c a re to r I y e a r old and in fa n t in m y hom e W ind- w ood, N e a r B o e rn e 
M u s t h ave own ca r, re fe re n c e s W ill consider liv e -in Good s a la ry 69o-o3o7, 9 to 
5 w e e k d a y s _________ ____________ 
M a tu re w om an needed to c a re fo r 
2 sm a ll c h ild re n in m y hom e or y o u rs . M o n d a y - F r id a y , r e f e r ­ ences re q u ire d 342-1585. betw een 
3-5pm 
R e lia ble P erson, lig h t housekeep­ in g , b a b y -s ittin g . O w n c a r. O ff 
IH IO -C atlaghon 
$4o w k. 
7-6 
341-9359 
Responsible p erson to liv e In and c a re fo r 8 m o in fa n t. C all 533-748o to exchange re fs ond te rm s 
W anted: p erson to c « r# fo r e ld e r­ ly s e m i-in va lid , d ays or n igh ts or llv e -in O e llcre st F o ste r a re a. Call 
Gene M ie rts c h in a tte r 
12 noon 
344-59oo 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

MAINI. REPAR $2.65 v ie 922 2711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job E x p e rts Inc P la ce m e n t Ser 

 m A W A & e r O F F S E T P R E S S 
O P E R A T O R fo r p r in t shop 
E x ­ c e lle n t In c e n tiv e p a y p ro g ra m v a c a tio n , h o s p it a liia lio n , p a id h o lid a y s , d is a b ility c o v e ra g e 
M g m t a b ilit y a n d s m a ll o ffs e t p re ss exp re a 'd J iffy P ress 226 t . Who P S -'n I, 
M e c h a n ic a lly o nd e le c tric a lly in d in e d s e r v ic e r e p a ir m a n fo r le a d in g in d u s tria l w e ld in g su p p ly c o m p a n y in C o rp us C h ris ti W rite 
PO Bex 9574 C orpus C h ris ti 784o8 o r c o ll 512 883 3573_______________ 

 m Z T h a n i c s 
W ell e x p e rie n c e d 
C a ra a e M e c h a n ic , A ls o S e rv ic e 
S ta tio n M e c h a n ic a n d D riv e w a y 
S a le s m a n 
E x c e lle n t p a y 
C a ll n ig h ts 
927 2766. 
533-5635; 
537-o48 

MECHANIC TRAINEE 
B asic fo a ls f $2 3o an h r u p ' jo A n n 824-o227 Jab P la c e m e n ts 
E m p lo y m e n t Ser 5316 Son P ed ro 
M E L A N I C w il lin g to le a r n ste a m c le a n e r re p a ir, p e rm a n e n t m a n o nly. M u s t h a v e h and tools 
342-1872 
N E E D M lC H A N IC S 
A N O T IR E C H A N G E R S 
A b o v e a v e ra g e w a g e , lu ll c o m ­ p a n y b e n e fits 
M u s t a pp ly in person 
G lobe A u to m a tiv e C e nte rs 
4924 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
731 SW M ilita r y 
7142 Son P ed ro 

N E I D P A IN T E R S 
C a ll A tt 6pm P ete B ain 43$ 23o9 
N e e d s e v e r a l a s s e m b ly c a r p o u te rs ta r tru s s a nd co m p on en ts 
G en. C V a u g h a n A S ons 1o*o4 
S entinel (la s t s tre e t on rig h t side o f B ro a d w a y n o rth )_______________ 
PLANT MAINTENANCE 
E s ta b lis h e d , fle x ib le p a c k a g in g f ir m . p r in t e r , la m in a to r , b a a m ite r e r needs an e xp p ro d u c tio n m a c h in e ry m e c h a n ic 
E le c tro n ic e a u lp o n u la th e e x p . d e s ira b le 
L o c a l r e fe r e n c e s , p e r m a n e n t, c o m p a n y b e n e fits , s a la ry ope n 
C o ll 8am 5pm 
222 96*8___________ 
PRESSMAN 
P e r m a n e n t, e x p e rie n c e d o n ly , 
D ic k 36o a la te r n u s c r , B a u m fo ld o r 
S te a d y w o rk , g o o d b e n 
: a llis . S ou the rn M u s ic , 226-1147. IO I om -S pm , M r E p h ro s s 

P ib b U C T I O N 
M A N A G E R 
N E E D E D to r lig h t m e ta l m a n u to c tu rln g a la n i. C a ll fo r a p p o in t­ m e n t 924-4336 ask fo r R o b e rt 

QUALITY CONTROL 12K 
M ust re a d b lu e p rin t* Lea d 
P ro d u c tio n w o rk e rs * S u p e rv is e ' 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SRV 
2o7 Ja ckson K e lle r 
*2*-1297 
R ^ P ft l& f e R A V . O N ' A ift- ' - STTd 
. ir o n in g 
R e p a ir 
• 
S e r v ic e 
Som -4 3opm to p p o s itio n K o e l w h it 
A ir 
C o n d it io n in g 
351o , 
C apotend 227-o3o6________________ 

R ood c o n s tru c t!# * tru c k d r iv e r a n d ra ile r o p e ra to r E a u a l o p p o r tu n n y e m p lo y e r 
S eguin 3/9 15*1 
B e g a r i b m 

MOC tro u t* D riv e rs 512oo 
G oad soles e sp o r m a ch in c lin e d . 
I*out t tier 
o23-4366 
413 SW M ilita r y 
Jobs South P la c e m e n t s e rv ic e 
SERVICE REP IBM 
E x p e rie n c e d S c ie c tric . s ta n d a rd , o th e r ty p e s a llic e e q u ip . H o s p i lu n a t io n fu r n is h e d m ile a g e , 5 
P o y w e e k 
C a ll C a ry F a r r o w 
224-oo77. OOO N A to m * . Son A n- 
PHUA 7o211 
S ew ing ton* a s s e m b ly , $92 w e ek, no e xperience co w ill fro m you. c o ll C in d y 
732-21*1. 
25o1 
W est 
A vo. 
Jobs N o rth . Inc, P ipe a m i Set 

FRONTIER 

ENTERPRISES 

DINNER-HOUSE 

DIVISION 

Is accepting applications for: 

• Busboys • Busgirls 
• Waiters • Waitresses 
• Hosts 
• Hostesses 

A p p ly In P a r s o n 

M o n d a y - F r id a y , 

8 a . m . • 4 : o o p . m . 

852o CROWN HILL BLVD. 

NOW ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS for Experienced 
Broiler cook and waitresses fo r FN shift 

Apply in Person 
JIM S COFFEE SHOP 
LOOP 41o 
Perrin Beitel 

618 
PWT TIME 
618 
PART TIME 

N O W ACCEPTING 
APPLICATIONS 

FOR PM CURBETTE 

Apply in Person 

A t 

FRONTIER DRIVE IN 

2727 GOLIAD ROAD 

O ur new ly re m odeled P ro u d B ull 
R e stau ra nt now h irin g fc X P L R IE NOE O O N L Y 
COOKS 
W A IT R E S S E S I 
BUS BOYS 
D IS H W A S H E R S 
In te rv ie w 9am -4.3opm M o n -F ri 
1 
T R A V E L LO D G E 
IOO V IL L IT A 
Also need m o tel M A ID S____ 
R E S T A U R A N T 
M A N A G E R 
T R A IN E E 
Som e college ond re s ta u ro n l ex p erien ce p re fe rre d A pp ly in p e r­ son to r in te rv ie w lo the S to ckm a n 
R e s ta u ra n t C o rp ., 4o9 E . C o m m e re * St., b etw e en IO a m o n d 2 pm . A sk to r M r R e a g a n ________ 

R e s ta u ra n t M a n a g e r w o nte d t x p a rla n c e d e s ire d b u t n o t n e e ** sa ry Send co m p lete re s u m e to P 
O Box H S *. N ew B ra u n fe ls Sm o­ kehouse. 
N ew 
B ra u n fe ls . 
Tx. 
7413o ___________________________ _ 
STUDENTS 
L e a rn th e re s ta u r a n t b u s in e s s tra m th e g ro u n d up 
D u tie s in ­ clude d ishw ash e r, o p e ra to r, lig h t m a in te n a n c e , c o o k a s s is ta n t 
H o u rs 2-1o p m A p p ly in p e rs o n o n ly , 4-7 p m 
G re y M o s s In n , 
Scenic L oop Rood._______________ 
TEAROOM MANAGER 
N eed e x p e rie n c e d m a n a g e r to r : g r o w in g te a r o o m b u s in e s s . 
275 1*61 betw een * a.rn.-2 p m ., 
M ondoy-F rid g y __________________ 

RASTER AND 

CQCTAIL WAITRESS 
I W a n te d to r n e w F re n c h S ty le 
R e s ta u r a n t, e x p e r ie n c e 
C a ll 
126-55*3 betw een 
1o-4 3o. 
M ae F it. 
WAITRESS 
Top tip s. E v e n in g s o nly in p re s ­ tig e e s ta b lis h m e n t A p p ly in p e r­ son o nly. 4-7pm G ra y M oss Inn 
Scenic Loop Rd 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 

5 PM to 9 PM 

College, 
High 
School, 
Military or 
Retired 
Persons can earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. Making calls from our office. 

No Experience Needed 
Free Parking 

Call M r. Green 

2 2 5 - 2 8 1 o 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

DISPLAY 
WORK 

$2oo per week 

Men ond women needed to 

 work in forty Fire Warning 

Detection 
Field 
No esp necessary, will troin, must 

 hove cor 
Interview by appt. only. 

735-6151, Ext 9 

Monday I Tuesday 

C H IL D C A R E in m y h o rn * . N E 
A re a . 8 6 w k d a y s 
52o w k 
Fenced y a rd . 654-624o. 
DESIRE RANCH POSITION 
22 y rs old. exp In ra n c h in g , fence c o n s tru c tio n , w e lls . Ir r ig a tio n , d r iv in g tr u c k s a n d t r a c t o r s ; w o rk in g kn ow led g e of Spanish 7 y rs college W illin g to a ccep t re ­ s p o n s ib ilit y a n d to lo c a te on ra n c h . R e fe re n ce . A v a ila b le im ­ m e d ia te ly . A s k t o r M r 
J a y n e 
225-3121 
8 :3 o 5 :3o w e e k d a y s ) 
838-oo29 S n t-S u n ________________ 
F u ll C h arge B o o kke e p e r w ith 12 y e a rs e x p e rie n c e d e s ire s to do s m a ll sets ot books in m y hom e 
Q trly re p o rts and F in a n c ia l S ta­ tem ents 342 4523 a tte r 6 

TRADEWINDS 

'75 MONTE CARIO 
•xtras + 
................... $379$. 
'75 MALIBU wagon . . . . $2195. 
7 5 BABBIT, 2 dr., air . . . $2695. 
7 5 DUSTEB, 6 coupe . . . $2695. 
7 3 OLDS Vista cruiser wagon ..................... $2395. 
'74 MALIBU Wagon .... 12395. 
7 3 CUTLASS Coupe . . . . $2295. 
'73 BUICK 4 dr., extra nice................................$2o95. 
'75 FINTO, 2 dr, low mi 
$1195. 
'73 VW SUPER, auto stick $t«95. 
7 3 BARACUOA. loaded.. $1195. 
7 4 OPEL Manta loaded 
$1695. 
71 SCAMP, boded . . . . $1395. it Mony, many more Cars choose 
From ★ Open Eves 'til 9 P.M. it 

'3oo3 S.W. MILITARY 

922-27o3__________92A-PEAL 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW A USED VOLKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
S t t U S i D C A R S P E C IA L S * * * 

 i s M u m o x l i m m u M a u m a u m s w u k i m i x 
A IU ON n o n UUD OUK 1 * o * X O T O ti l u u x n K ! t o w 

7 7 SCIROCCO t 
____ mr) m e ta llic peart town, with la d d ie interior, 
4 spaad, air xendlttaned, 
A M /IM »tar aa, aluminum wheal*, radial 
S C Y O C toras, 2,3 oo miles. Batell 5 6 3 9 o .................. 
D F A J 

77 MONTE CARIO LANDAU w ith w h ite v in y l ra p , 
V - S , a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r s te e rin g , p a w e r b ra k e s , a ir co n d itio n e d , r a d io , w h ite ild a w a llt , 
3 .o o o m i l e s ......................................................................... 
76 MONTE CARIO LANDAU a u to m a tic tra n sm is sio n , p a w e r s te e rin g , p a w e r b ra k e s , a ir c o n d itio n e d , r a d io , w h ite s id e w a lls, cruise c o n tro l, tilt w h e a l....................... 

• T i I n i l D A B O I T b ra w n , a u to m a tic , a ir to n - 
Z O V W 
EC A D D I I d itio n a d . 
A M T M 
S till 
In w a r r a n t y ....................................................................... . . 
75 SCIROCCO ^ d ,\M '7 £ d. £,h T.: ro e , 2 3 ,o o o m ites 
........................................................... 
75 LOGRANDE BUG 
& dto, still In w a r r a n t y ...................................... ... 

 l y e y r s y I m OTO Id g ro a n . 4 c y lin d e r, « s p a a d , 
/ 5 T K / A M ,T M s te re o , 2 o .o o o m ites 
, 
75 FORD MUSTANG ll V t . a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p a w e r s te e rin g , 
P * — * ' b ra k e s , a ir c o n d itio n e d , r a j a . w h ite s id e w a lls, cruise c o n tro l. 
A M / F M s te r e o , 
2 7 .o o o m ite s.............................................• • • -------- 
7 5 COMET GT motif tra n sm issio n , p a w e r 
S 3 £ s jr3 & e » » ./i& .s s r r * * 
7 4 DASHER DSU *1M A S S 4: " ' 
7 4 SUPER BEETLE a ir c o n d it io n e d . 
1 9 .o o o m i l e s ............................................... 

*615o 

*4995 

*385o 

*4o95 

*2795 
*5195 

*3195 

*3195 
*2895 
A M /F M . 

 sun r o o f, *2695 

74 VW BUS ditionad. A M /FM ite ra a . 
72 VW BEETLE !S..4 T .'4:* '" ? " '™ 4: *1695 
7 2 VW VAN LSTSUr: steetTdlU .r* -:. 
*2595 
7 2 VW 411 SEDAN cond I t ie nod, 
I S , OOO m i l e s ................................... 
7 o VW BEETLE SSL'tr*" 

 s p e e d , a ir s ta r a a . 

*1195 
*2695 

J O B W A N T E D : O n F a r m o r 
R anch. G re w up on a fa rm . S in­ g le, a g * 47. speak G e rm a n and 
E ng lish . W rite E x p ress B o x 7612. 

62o HELP MANTEO 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o KELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

618 FART TIME 

H A R T T IM E S E R V IC E R E C 
L e a d in g s e w in g n o tio n m fg has p e r m a n e n t p a r t- tim e p o s itio n a v o io b ie in the San A nto nio a i va 
Nu se llin g re q u ire d , a ll m e n tio n d ive s h ip p e d d ire c tly lo s to re s in d iv id u a l w ill be re sp on sib le tor s e r v ic in g e x it in g a c c o u n ts 
T ra v e l lim * , m ile a g e , expe nse s and h o u rly ra le P lease R e ply ta: 
PO B O X 455* 
E X P R E S S NEW S 
Son A nto nio, Tx. 7*297 

A top p ro fe s s io n - be a m asseuse. we tra in B ig pay. good locale 
_ C oll 657-3724 o n e r IO lo o m 
M A B M A I D w o n te d , e x tr e m e n e rih s id e . n ig h ts a nd w e e k e n d s a v a ila b lr Call P a l W est 4*4 1*44 o r 492-942* 

B e a u tifu l not th u d * c lu b needs fu ll ond p o rt tim e B A B T E N O R E S S E S a nd W A ITR E S S E S C oll 655 3*91 betw een l l 4pm 
(BONANZA 
: new h irin g ta r tun and p a rt tim e 
I fo o d s e rv ic e e m p lo y e e s 
A p p ly betw een I 34-4pm 
7o46 San Pedro 

62o 

Misc8ltaneous 

Help 
Wanted 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 

Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily morning newspapers In N.W. Bexar County 
(FM 1957 & 471 West) 
$ 3 o o -$ 4 o o NET PROFIT 
BOND REQUIRED 
2 -3 Hours Per D ay 
Call N e il Skillings 
225-7411 , Ext. 13o between 
9:oo A.M. - 11 JOO A.M. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

N E E D E D 

L I V E W I R E 

Market Research Interviewers 

Must hay* car and telephone 

 i t Housewives 

 i t Students 

★ Military 

★ ETC. 

No selling— we train. 

CALL PAT 
9 - 5 
3 4 9 -6 3 7 1 

L A D Y w a nts Job M o nday- Tues- d o y 223-6454 o r 333-4669__________ 
M A L E P re s e n tly E m p lo y e d as 
W holesale C re d it and C o lle c tio n 
O ffice M a n a g e r d e sire s sam e si- tu n tion w ith o th e r lir m 534-8873. 
M an desires in te rio r p a in tin g and odd lobs 433 278o________________ 

M an w onts y a rd w o rk In T e rre ll 
H ills off of N. N ew B ra u n fe ls area. 
923-3333__________________________ 
M E D IC A L S IT T E R 734 4**9 
C onvalescent 
• 
E ld e rly 
___________ C om panion___________ 

7o6 BMW 

B A V A R IA 3.o. 4 n no r Sedan new. 359oo 342-1842 
BM W B a v a ria . 4o.ooo m iles, auto, a ir , p o w e r, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u s t sell. 824-7781, 828-3573. 
7o7 CAPRI 

'76 C a pri a ir, A M - f m cassette. 3 m o o ld , m u s t s e ll. M a k e o fte r 
695-9373, 824 5631. 

GOLF COURSE 
MAINTENANCE 

C o n ta c t M rs Neiman 
CANYON CREEK 
COUNTRY CLUB 

4 9 2 - 1 o 6 3 

Between 9:3o and 5:3o 

N e a t L o d v w a n ts S te a dy W o rk , w ith R eference Coll 223 12o9 
P R A C T IC A L N U R S E w o u ld lik e 
12 h r d uty W ould c o n sid e r liv e -in w ith p a tie n t 
B est o f re fe rn c e s . 
534-3555 o r 923-o114_____________ 
P R A C T IC A L N urse, Y e a rs of e x­ p e r ie n c e 
C u r r e n t R e f 
G iv e m e d ic a tio n , w h a te v e r Is n e c e s ­ sa ry ond needed fo r the e ld e rly . 
T ra n s p o rta tio n e s p e cia lly to r the w o rk in g people. $2 5o t* 53.oo per h r pius 
Si SO tra n s p o rta tio n . 
533-1o79__________________________ 
Reg ch ild c a r* in m y hom e, close to USAA and M e d ic a l co m p lex 
684-6721__________________________ 
R egistered C h ild c a re in m y hom e, 
N E section of to w n 828 3713 
W ill w o rk os co m p an io n o r ca re fo r e ld e rly 681-14o4 

74 C A P R I 2ooo 
A ir , A M -F M . d e lu x e in t e r io r 
4 -s p d ., u n d e r I i 25,ooo m i. E x c e lle n t c o n d , l l to g * 52*5o 341-1864._____________ 
74 C a p ri, a u to . a ir , A M -F M ster- eo, v in y l top.521*5 49o-1123 
71 C o p r! 7ooocc 
4 sod m a g s , 
; w ide tire s . A ve. re ta il *135o. o tk - 
1 m g 31o93 655-53o3_______________ 
I 76 C a pri ll V6, 4-spd., a ir, p ow e r 
; s te e r in g , A M F M , v in y l r o o t. 
111,ooo m c 
E x c e lle n t cond 
225 2324 

. '74 C a p ri, low m ile a g e , re a to n o - 
I Ply p ric e d . 69o-1198 o r 344 36*o. 
76 C a pri, V *. a ir, p o w e r stee ring , 
| s te r e o 9 2 5 -4 4 7 1 (8 4 ) 344-9465 
(e ve s) 1-894-25! [(w e e k e n d s ) 

EXPERIENCED SALESMAN 
To Sell co n s tru c tio n m a te ria ls lo w h olesa le (b r co's 
M u s t be self m o tiv ia te d 
C all 
494-2o49 fo r a p p o in tm e n t_____________________ 

•74 C A P R I V -* 
A u to m a tic , a ir , A M -F M , n e w tire s C a ll: L ou is G a rc ia 
. 
$244$ 
N O R TH W O O D P O R SC HE A U D I 
1324 N E LOOP 41o 
___________ 824-3214 i 74 C a p ri. V6, 28oocc o ir, a u to , 
24,ooo m c S24oo 654-3243________ 
74 C a o n ,V 6, 4 sp ee d 
A M -F M r nato 51995 824-1533 Otte r rpm u n cia l this w e eke n d o nly 514oo, 
71 C a p r i. 4 -d o o r, b la c k , o ir , 
I pow e r, excel., 492 2o*4 
7o1 ANTIQUES COLLECTORS 
/gg -CORVETTE 

CASHIER 

SKOP M e la n ic 
For tote constr ut lion 
341-8291 

18 o r o v e r. lo o m T o m Tues Sot 
A o p ly in p e rs o n o n ly J Sam al 
135o# West Ave B o r Q R e s ta u ra n t 

CASHIER 
18 o r a v e r, lo o m 7pm Tu es-S o l 
A p p ly in p e rs o n o n ly )-S p m o f 
135o* W est A ve B or-O R e s ta u ra n t 

 heel 

SUPE RIN TE HOAN T FOR 
CONSTRUCTION CO 
Meow c o n s t r u e l i o n o n d d e v e lo p r n a n t f i r m u t P o r t W o r t h a n d O a t la * m e t r o p i e x M u s t h a v e m i n 
• m u m o f t v e e rs e x p e r ie n c e , s a m e c stoepi required B e s p p n s ib t * tar tarot cen s ir ac t ten c r e w , i n v o l v e d m onto* f a r * a u to u t il i t i e s , c o m rn s r etal buildings, s t r e e t s o n d m a i o r thoroughfares, e a r t h m o v i n g o n d taaBhcoping K n o w l e d g e o f sur vexing req o i r va P e r m a n e n t po s itiO B . excellent gov, o t h e r I r m o * benefits, s e n d r e s u m e t * t h * 
Express a n d N e w s 
B o x N o 4522. 
Son Anion,# I« 78297__________ 
• 12*o 
5 UP LR IN f E N D A N T 
525oWK 
K no w le d ge o f e s tim a te s o s w ed es s u p e rv is e th e lo b 
A * Ce W ith m o n y b e n e fits e fu t u r e ' M u s t be bt-tonal S h e rry B u rn s 
92341k* 
413 SW M ilita ry 

Survey Rodmen, I yr aaa 
H o w a rd G ad d is Consul E n g in e e r. m W n . 
W A N T E D 
B X P B R I B N C 1 1) 
F O R D P A R T S M A N 
M u tt be to m iii or w ith w a rra n ty * form* 
S o la r v depends en 

CHEF 
APPLY IN PERSON 
TO HOTEL M ANAGER 

MENGER HOTEL 

CHEE WANTED 
E xp e rie n ce d P er new F re n ch style re s ta u ra n t C a ll *24-55*3 between lo « 3o. Mo F n 

DAY and NIGHT 

HOSTESSES 

DAY TIME 

WAITRESS 

W IN T E R G ARDEN FORD 
■ 
■ 
T i H T M * a t/* 
F e y toto, T | 
MANTEO IN 
M ANTEO IM M E D IA T E LY 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
M AINTENAN CE PEPSON with i n owtePen et s ir cond'Honing and hemline Also need mend and perter ta t ta ro t apt com pte* 
A t a 
- M 
M 
____________________ 
W anted, men esp e n e ttc in ma sectary, and concrete work. must t . r sr,,jo ,* and have tran sport# ll on J 11 «*> 5 en r r J dx > 
W AN TED : RpMdaOfsal a ir tend, fle a m s s e rv ic e m e c b n o a ic 
Steady 52 w pm year round work 
A add frin g e B enefits E xce lle n t o p p o rtu n ity w ith peed fu tu re 
Sot vie ma I m ater prana t i e a u * m e a l ta r established com pony 
M eal BO que lilte d ta service cen 
M f BM- flB d ttH - T * u n til 
M i n o t 

M ust be experienced w ith peed references Top waees Apply in p e rs o n ie h ilt S te p h e n s, M Y 
PLACE RESTAURANT Bianco at 
Leap 41o 

DINNER COOK 
Mate ar ternate, cafeteria p ip e r, lance preferred 
BUD JONE5 
1449 SW M ilita ry 
I person 9-1 lam ar tau 
*23 4 1 o 1 _____________ ________ 

EX PER IE N C ED FU LL TIME hailer or Eatress 
MOHNING SHIPT 
M E S T U D H O P E , le i N I ) 

. Apt com m u nity security gua rd m ature, re tire d w ith m ilita ry or 
I law enforcement experience ' 
| 987k i d 
_____________ 
Attractive escorts nrecied 
__344-1 ITS. 344-I t 25 
| 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

 eM SH lFBSe 
Full or port tim e! $2 3o hr up! 
Bill 874 o227 Job Placements 
E m ploym ent set t i l * Sun Pedro 
City deliver, com! license, eager tenet b lin d s ted SS need *. coll 
John. 722-2191, 2SOI West Ave i 
Jobs North Inc, Pipe amt Svc 
Delivery tor Drop Stere 
52* Richmond_________ 

•DRIVE CARS# 
Good driving rocordt Age 18 upl 
G loria 814-9227 Job Placements 
Employment Ser 5314 Son Pedro 

~ •DRIVERS* 
Panel bobtail tra c to r' *559 959 
JoAnn 824 o227 Job Placements 
E mployment Ser S II* Son Pedro 
E X E C U T IV E needs p o rt tim e, m arried a i* .turn s i* 4o74 
E xp erienced m a tu re apt m an J 
We needed tor out of town com a Resume requested 
APARTMENTS JOE OF S A 
*78 919* 
Employment Consultants 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
J A N IT O R non smoker I oeoly IO 12 Hillside 
Mower o2o o*o* 
E xperienced desk cle rk needed im medioteiy NCR 42o Austin Hit ten inn. Coil 451-5757 to r in te r view 
Experienced only need 
W 
I 
_______________ 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C osm etics p e rt tim * a v a ila b le 
M ature woman only Can 344 tost 

C o n v e n ie n ce S to re M a n a g e m e n t 
Choice o f career plans and locations 
Shift arrangem ent or contract for salary and commission 
★ PAID VACATION 

 i t FREE INSURANCE 
♦ BONUS PLAN 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3oo W. Jones Avo. 
Interview s 1-4 p.m. w eekdays 

I 
PUBLIC RELATIONS 

* O ne o f the nation s lam est and most (e ta * clad com 
I I 

I 
I 

O ne o f the n o tio n '* largest and most respected com m unity developei s in the United States 

* ( a r rungs u n lim ite d 

 i t W iv e s o f A c tiv e M ilita r y 

 i t W o m a n in S trv ic e 

 i t M a n in S a rv u s 
In tp r v ie w t o b o h o ld a t 2 P M - 7 P M -9 P M 

T u e s d a y , M a rc h I , 1 9 7 7 
KAMADA INN El TORO ROOM 
333 N W Loop 4 1 o at San Pedro I 

FLAME FOOD 

WAITER 

FULL OR PART TIME 

575-154 PEB W IS K 

C A H 341 22o5 
_ J 

FULL PART TIME 
Need yeu»e men end wemew te help eat ut my sm all appliance business Ne experience neces- I t a r , J«2 >221 
_________ 

WELDER! 
FII 1133 EW 

 o opiv m person 
Pe'ie Boom. M ender Hate' 
. I Full lim e cee* 2 parttim e c oohs. trin e * benefits, tree insurance. 
P a ia a u re lia n m u s t h e re transportation N igh! Hawk Bes l o u r u n i C oto to r - V V I 
344 I U * 

G R I L L M A N fc a p e rie n t vd iii c h a rc o a l o ru m n e tin e stepetr A pe d p a r 
Evenings only (.rev M ess Inn 6*5 *19' 
H in n y im m e d ia te ly c o c k ta il ordures*#*- pond 
Ap 
Ply et per sen et Dormy • U te N few Aft 
———-------- 
Mu m p immed.qtete experienced 

HandtcagpBd Only 
• f motey men!, t i on 
U I T I I I 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 
L a id o t t f 
In ketw sen permanent 

J o b ? 

Than a p p ly a f fillW lp O W ff 

 l f y o u b o v e o b o r n e p h o n e 

 a n d c m , y o u c o n be s e n t t o 

 t e m p e r a r y fo b s h o r n y o u r 

 h o m e 
I d a y t a 
I m o n t h assignment* 

A p p ly T o d a y 
M A N P O W E R 

7 1 4 9 1 5 3 

•q u o ! o pp ortunity em ployer 

 r n 

 n hour 

 m ixed dr in * bartender per spa pf Den.tr 
IIM l f Mom 
•Att ria"rn r*64-------- 

(teen* start 533 
IM M ED IA TE DFE NING tar yard m an w ith same e x p e rie n c e in m a in te n a n c e 
M u st h e re aw n tra nsportation Cen M i »>*« 
JANI TOE I t, 5 dors a week start i i iQ en hour Apply et H arlequin 
Dinner theatre b id * 2o32 H o r n « j Bd I 5pm Ft Sqm Hoosier! 

78.9o* JOBS tu t C HGIC I » 
Quo,.11 m e earn and tee*'* 
‘ 
AB A B M Y 723 la i t or XI I »«*7 
4 Cud .vs aiger sates MS locution 
Mer Ban i ie poors 911411 I _____ 
•ew . IN kxNE write* ■•WMMUMminliv- _W»M» -ere 

C apres, s a te s e x p e rie n c e d 
NS i .cal<en 
Mot gun 
Cteener I t l 
M 
M l 
___ 
M A IO n e n u e Tor 139 u n it opt 

M a in te n a n c e m a n w itb la rg e aper intent com plex F lum p ing, electrical ond healing experience e s s e n tia l 
L o c a l re fe re n c e * recruit en 
Apl turn 
Apply l l * v e n d e r n e t s ___________________ 

M en end w om en to shew T ri 
Chem ar educts p l popular point me parties ar held a T ri Chem liquid enter eider y doss in your heme t i . 4*53 

MtN I MUMIN 
SK ILLED A UNCK IL L I D 
Needed lo start w ork tntmcdtefetv with M io hydra systems Fiend** h o u rs m a y b» a rra n g e d fo r students COH M i S I I * _________ 

M ill JARY B U ILD ? th * * U R I til 119 WA Ft ue I 
R P M ln R I m i l R L B ! an*i 

# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
D R I V E R S 
• 

W A N T E D 
• 

B a rf tim e o r 
A l 

 tu li tim e 

D a y o r N ig h t 

£ Chicker Cob Co. 

o 
IB IO W . L au rel 

# 
222-2151 
X 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

MEED 2o HOUSEWIVES 
4 hours- * day* or 4 eve* per weak tor 8 shews Shew beeline fcxctu slue Line et Fashions Make profit en ovary show plus *19o sample 
•eardrop# al no cost Car nae#* spry I l f Coll tor appt 214-2343 
Need todies lo show end wear 
S a rah C o v e n try J e w e lry , ne 
Ute eel mg et *44 3174. >3* 7644 _ 
Need people rn my attic* lu ll fix nee o p e n in g s e n d e o r t tim e 
•.•ahi* F h # ne tor ve na lity t m ust 
A elite of <o91 te n F vitro R nom * 
Heed 2 T ru th Sled A tte n d a n ts , 
■•rent SMN, 3 day wee* m ature. w illing mar to r. pe« nionenl. start t* 4 * pe t m an th G as end C a l flu s h Mop AU A eeiicgtiens ie 
A J Flack OU Cd. the 5747 Die in c h Md i sam d a m tar m itt v ie * Ne th e n * cgtis p ifd n ........ 

•N S U UWIS# extra in te rn e t 11 

Fear e 

NURSES AIDE MAID 
$2.25 PER HOUK 
San Pedro FM 16o4 arca 
Must have car We ll tram , 
Flexible hours a must 
Coil Lyndo of 497 3613 
OPENING FOR EX P E R IE N C E D 
PHONE SOLICITOR CAN PAY I 
UP 
TO 
S125 
A 
W E E K 
IF 
Q U ALIFIED . CALL 734-4)42 MR 
BEARD 
PART TIM E SALES CAREER- 
N a tio n a l food com oony needs representative to oil on local food s ta rts . I days oar week 
Y o ur work schedule can be arranged around your home schedule This w ill be a perm anent p art tim e ion 
P e rs o n a l c a r re q u ire d 
Send re su m e ta E X P R E S S NEW S 
BOX 4554 San Antonie Tx 74797 

PARTTIME 

WEEKENDS 

EARN EXTRA 
Waiting on customers at Stanley s 
Ice 727 Hwy to West, a pa ir in 
■arson 
Person lo drive children Olmos 
, Pork Ared 424-o464 
_ 
PU BLIC R E LA T IO N S to r State 
| Convention in San Antonio Neat. trustw orthy, gouo car, some typ- 
' mg and collecting Gas allowance 
I Immediate em ployment. 121-534o i t* f Personal interview_________ 
Pure Letter Security Inc. is taking 
I ai.plications tor tall time ond port i time emptayoos Applicants must br* dependable and of good char octet Cchimere nil license neces­ sary Salary tar lu ll tim e So.644 
Apply • nm to 4 pm. OII $ Presa 
Equal O pportunity Em ployer 
RE TIRED COUPLE FOR MGMT self service .lur agy warehouse in 
SE Sen Antonio Salary + ap t and 
. utilities turn 2 days eft For more details ceti 82* 1*92___________ ! 
ROUTE DR IVER needed to svr I 
> vie# flow er stand*. 9124 •u n re n ­ ted or commission. 4 days, Call 
*99 4241________________________ 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
I 14 port tim e officer* tar weekend assignments only Apply in per­ son loom lp m M F. 419 $ M ain tu n e 33*______ 
| 
Shah Ice N atural Vitamins, spare time soles pusmess 644-45* o __ 
Single person or couple ta wark in ce u n try stere, older or re tire d c onside! ad Live in mobile home en premises 5 miles east of S A. 
333 251o between tam 3pm 
S T U D E N T S needed lo s o il flowers St 75 hr ar commission. 
CdW Oddball 

T A L E N T 
D A N C ERS to r USO E u ro p e a n tour Call *33-8873 

TELEPHONE SOLICITORS 
334 nor day possible until M arch l l few 349-4464________________ 
Telephone surveyors needed, ex­ perience p re fe rre d , steady em ­ p lo y m e n t, e v e n in g h o u rs , ne setting Caw 223-1444 tar dppemt- 
2M21 
W lM ld t ___________ 
Texaco Truck Stop cosh,yr fuel desk to-heve-rotter shirt. ) days, 2 e v e n in g s -e irm a n e n i tab J day week m a ta re -le ta i re ta re n ce s- start *414 per mo AU Application* to A J Plocb OH Ce . Inc 
S H I 
O ietnch Or 4 5pm doily tor inter- tif.'f 
______ 

77 CORVETTE 
Call *54-o3o2 

1938 
C h e v r o le t c o u p e , 
9 S te re * to r* d 
A ls o 19*2 O L D S 
S ta rfir* ru n n in g co n d itio n Can be seen of **$ E. P ine. Seguin. T x 
] 
1-179-9464 t* 5 l Chevy Bel A ir P o w e r G lide, ong in w i. 5*5o. 656 4o49 
54 C h e v y B e la ir 2 -d r s e d a n . 
$22oo M u s t see to b e lie v e C a ll 
D iane 349 2928 b e fo re 4. 342 8o29 o fte r 6. 
'6 4 C H E V Y C A P R IC E . 2 d r . , 
: hardfno. a uto . a ir, p ow er excel- leaf co nd itio n. 875o *75 1729 
' 1954 C H E V Y C la s s ic H a rd to p 
P ow er w in d ow s, p ow e r s te e rin g 
I >45o o r best o fte r 635-5497 ______ 
$5 C H E V Y 2 -d o o r 
1 -o w n e r, dependable. o rig in a l 
355o 
533 5918__________________________ 
'48 C hevy p ic k u p P e rfe c t b od y, ne m o to r 54oo IQI? K o y to n ___ 
Iv4o C hevy Sedan M in i c o nd itio n 
Best o tte r Coli 434-7o6)__________ 
64 C o rv d ir M o n ro 4 -d r., b u c k tl s ta ts ‘65 C o rv o ir C o n v e rtib le 
Beth ru n n in g good 
545o co 
474-o868 
63 C o rv o ir M o n ra c o n v e rtib le , needs m in o r m e c h a n ic a l w o rk ; good body end top C a ll 633-1648 
47 Dodge P ic k u p C a n a ry yellow , o r ig in a l m o to r , t r a n s m is s io n . c h ro m e re v e rs e w h ee ls ru n n in g cond SHOO 924-3994______________ 
58 E dse l P a c e r 
4 dr h a rd to p 
535o C«U 633-2221.______________ 
41 F O tiO Coupe, show co nd itio n, c le a r o v e r re d m e la n ic . C h e vy s m a ll b le c k 4oo, 3o o v e r TR W , 
M o n d e llo P o rte d H eads, C ro w e r 
Cam . A d o ip io c k tu n n e l ra m . 2x4 
H oley. T IO. D a na 411. u n d e r 5oo 
T flfl . ( I i m i l l mr on this c o m p le te ly p ro fe ssio n r u g u n io tm o l re s to iO lto n 
S e rio u s in q u ire s only, w ill consider tro d e 
35ooo 
I 638-1484. 
1946 F O R D . 2 d o o r se da n 

1973 CORVETTE 
637-o529 

6 o C O R V E T T E C O N V E R T I E L E i - o f - a - h in d ' A l l o r i g i n a l . 3 2 7 , a u to , p o w e r , a i r , p o w e r w in d o w s , a m ­ in s s t e r e o , n o w t i r e s , r a l l y e w h e e l s , S e * t o b e l i e v e $ 4 3 o o 
* 9 9 Q2'!4 a n y t i m e 

7 * C o r v e t t e 
L o a d e d , p e r f e c t c o n d . 3 7 9 3 o 3 4 4 -7 4 6 3 O tt e r 9 

L o a d e d 
3 9 2 o o 

■74 C o r v e t t e . 
1 2 .5 o o m r , lo a d e d 
B y o w n e r 
8 2 4 -o 1 6 1 ; o r e v e s 
6 9 1 -1 2 2 2 ________________________________ 

C o r v e t t e 
7 5 
O r a n g e , l o a d e d 
14 ,o 9o im . 3 7 4 3 o 2 4 9 -1 8 5 5 e v e s 

' n C O R V E T T E s e r io u s i n q u i r ie s o n ly 6 *1 o 9 2 J 

1 7 7 , ' 7* . '* 5 C o r v e t t e s 
W a lt e r G e - r u g h t y 
2 7 5 -5 3 3 3 * 8 4 34 o8___________ j 
*7t C o rve tte T l o p . 3 4 JVS 
I C u s to m , o u t o p o w e r , s t e r e o 
I m o o n __________________________ 

7 4 C o r v e t t e , t - t o p , o u t o . a i r , l e a t h e r s e a t s . * 6 ,o o o t h i s w e e k 
I only 8 2 8 -o 7 1 2 __________________________ 

75 C O R V E T T E T T o p . l o a d e d 
1 2 ,o oo m i, e x t r a c le a n 
3 7 5 o o 
* 33-o231 

 j '7 5 C o r v e t t e , w h i t e , IO .OOO m i. , a u t o . l i k e n e w 
3 7 9 o o 
7 3 4 4 4 9 4 
M o n - F r l . l r u r n o t o 3________________ 

7 * V o i l e 
A i r , A m V m s t e r e o . a lu m w h e e ls . 4- s p d * 9 6 - 2 3 7 } o t t e r 
II p.m. 

'6 9 V e tte C o n v e r t ib le 4 s o d . 3 5 o . 4 b b l 
A M F M . g o u g e s . 
1 5 o o o 
I 212 > 74 o 

•7 2 D a ts u n 5 1 o 
A i r , n e w s h o c k s . b r o k e s . C le o n 
3 1 3 oo 
» v is » u _ 

1941 
T B I R O . b o th a l l o r i g i n a l . 3 1 .8 9 5 t a r b e th 
7 3 3 i m 
___________________ 

•6 8 F O R D T H U N D E R B I R D a l l p o w e r , w i n d o w * , s e a ls . A m - t a p e d e c k . E x c e l l e n t c o n d 
3 1 1 3 o 
8 2 8 3311 o r t i * 29 39__________________ 

 l l F o r d v i c t o r i a h a r d t o p . ' I I 
C h e v y c o n v e r t i b l e . ' 5 ? B u i c k 
R o o d m a s t e r C o n v e r t i b l e 
B e s t o t t e r s . 7 3 6 3 3 9 9 _______________________ 

37 M O D E L T 
* d < r * r 
D e lu x e 
S e d a n , B— d c a n n 3 2 *o o * 9 4 2977 

1966 O L D S M O B I L E T O R O N A O O 
*1 5 9 9 
C A L L _______ 6 9 4 7o73 

1947 P ly m o u th 4 - d e e r , e x c e lle n t 
C o n d itio n , 4 1 ,o o o m i 
333 4 2 7 * 

1 9 o S L M e r c e d e s . 1 9 * 1 
W h i t * . c a n d y r e d h a r d t o p n e w b lo c k s o f t ta p 
E x t e n s i v e m e c h a n ic a l r e s t e r a t i e n m c i u a i n g c a m p i * ! # b r a k e * , f r o n t e n d 
N e e d s s a m * b o d y r e s t o r a t i o n b u t r u n s v e r y w e b . $ 3 /o o f i r m . 32 9- l t d * , t v * * j i 6 3 2 - 1 9 4 1 . 
! 

S T A F F C A R O F K I N G A N T O N I O 
U S E D 
I N 
B A T T L E 
O F I 
F L O W E R S P A R A D E . 1 9 73 R E O 
W I T H W H I T E T O P C A D I L L A C 
E L D O R A D O C O N V E R T I B L E . 
A L L E X T R A S , 1 6 .9 o o M I L E S 
L A S T O F A K I N D . S A C R I F I C E 

7 Q ? -7 V ti-IO B U u k SPQRTSCARS j 

H i l l m a n M in x 
4 4 
4 d r * * d d n 
S t a l'd 339 3 71 3-1 41 1 / 31 -2 4 4 4 

L E A S E V O U R S A T 
P A R K IB N V O LV O IN SCOUT 
111 B A L C O N E S N O 731 I M 
I 

1 * 5 9 M G A E x c e l l t n t C o n d i t i o n 
IO O *, in t a c t o n d w o r k i n g * 3 4 - l >83 

M O O L A S T V W 
1493 N B 
L O O P 41 9 
8 2 8 - 1 11 I 

7 4 
O c t s u n 
B H O 
H a t c h b a c k o w n e r , m u s t s e ll 3 2 1 o o * 7 4 B i l k 

794 AUD! 

URL SALES l e m e e n e w i t h p a s t s o l e * e x p e r ­ ie n c e rn th e r e r a n s e ll m o a t t i r e s , m u s t M m b e a b le to c h a n g e t i r e s . 
6* 1-1318 

‘ l l A u d i 1 o 9 - L S 
A i r , s u n r o o f , 
A M - F M S p r i t e 8 3 6 - 1 /7 6 l i t u / 3> 

73 A u d ! 188-1 I . A i r . t t a r t o . a t r y c ie o n ! 3 2 3 8 6 4 * 4 1o37 

71 F O X I D O O R 4 $ p * 6d 
A I R 
C e U L o u is G e r t i e 
32 29 3 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1124 N E L o e b 41o 

U " 

711 FIAT 

7o5 AUSTIN 

TOP NOTCH 

ELICITOR 

1 ja b P M K *m #«ii* l f r l i t e I o n 

 t i * « r , t n c x d te le p h o n e s o l i c i t * r t o r s o u l f u l # # a l i n e b e e r s 
't o m 7p m o r i t e m 
C e n b e tw e e n 
I l l M — 
F n M r * F e s t e r 1 1 3 4 3 1 1 

W e n t M u s k y L o c a l F a r t o r t a u l i m e C e N e p e s t u d * e t t r u c k d r le e r 
• e m i t t e r c m l lic e n s e M e S m o k in g 
G e e d P a y f u m e r s t e s t N I 

‘ m l i i , 
---------------------------------- 

• o 9 IA S I k l s o t is 
Fe A LI y o u * W A N I AB 
IN IM* u n l i t N I tor S 

C A U 1 1 1 I A A A 
____, 

 e t A u s t in N e g le y S p r it e 
B e b u U t e n # b o d y a n d ( i r e s e x c e l l e n t c ite d 
31 39 6 
6 5 3 -6 1 4 1 . a t t e r 
I : 
H9-9996 
_____________ 

AUSTIN HEALY TOD 6 
. J 
L 
. 
_______________ 74 F I A T 124 S p e c ia l 4 - d r 
B e s t a r * # e n d c u s t a n i K * # 
N e w 
U M I 
I i i I H I i n t e r i o r , t e m p t * ) * a le c s y s t e m 
T o A i r c r a f t S p e c s * M u t t s e ll b r 
M a r c h s i b 
A s k i n g * M » 
M a t 
I I 4 9 4 I I e a t 
2 1 7 . I i 
O r 1 1 ) 
1 )4 4 
IST lim"' a: atrgj, 

7o PORSCHE 914 iN r x x , o n x w r n t r .............. 
DON’T MISS OUR LOW NEW CAR RRICESI 

I VOLKSWAGEN/ 
HONDA 

13oo Si. Military Dr. (Next to Mission ChgvrolBt) 
GMAC FINANCING 
_ _ _ _ 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 - 6 5 I 6 

M 
I S 
S 
I O 
N 

* 7 o o 

COMBINATION FACToRY-DEAUR 
REBATE 

O N E V E R Y N E W 1 9 7 6 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M . 

B 
U 
I C 
K 
C O . 

45oo SAN PEDRO 

7 
3 
4 
- 4 
2 
2 
1 

D A T S U N 
B R Y S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
14 39 P A T B O O K E R 
U N I V E R S A L C I T Y 4 1 6 *1 7 1 

19 73 D A T S U N 12 9o C o u p e 
G o a d c o n d it io n , r a d ia l s . 42 P lu s m a o i *1 4 9 3 6 3 4 -6 2 4 8 a t t e r 3._____________ 

73 D a ts u n 2 d o o r . s t a n d a r d 
E x f r o n ic e , 2 * 9 3 6 3 1 -1 4 4 2 

7 4 D A T S U N H a t c h b a c k 
R H O . 
A M F M s t e r e * , m o t * , r a d ia l s lo w m i C o c a o b r o w n , e x c e l l e n t t o n d i- t iq n , S I,6 9 9 4 3 9 8 3 1 1 _________________ 

7 o D A T S U N W A G O N 
A u t o m p n e , SASO 3 1 3 -8 1 3 1 

7o D A T S U N W A G O N 
A u t o m a t ic , 3 4 3 9 11 1 8 1 31 

1 7 1 b a t a a n 31(9 W a g o n 
E x c e l le n t 
- H Q 
D e s ! o t t e r 
4 3 3 1 7 1 7 _________ 

73 D a ts u n 2 8 9 1 I A 
I a n d s t a n d a r d i r o n s , a r r . a m t m r a d io , I t r a c k 
. s t a r * o . o t h e r e x t r a s . 2 6 .o o o m ile s , e x c e l c o n d $ 4 4 9 o * 5 ) o o 7 4 

*77 D A T S U N 38oZ le s s t h e n 8 OOO m r 
R e a l b a r g a in a t *7 9 7 7 

JOHN KENAGY 

Motor Co 

N e w 
B r a u n f e l s , 
S A . 
P f 
4 3 9 9 ) 4 ) 

7 4 D a ts u n 2 * o I 
4 s p # . a i r , A M 
F M s t a r e * 
L o w m i . p e r f e c t c e n a i t i o n 
$ 4 1 o o o r b e s t o t t e r , 
82 4 8 1 8 1 ; 7 1 2 - 3 3 7 2 . 

1 i t / * " 1* 8 1 . o l e ,* 4 s p e e d , r e d io i s . l i g h t b l u e . e x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n , 
* 6 ,1 8 8 S I A * 136 

•71 I * J l 
B e s ! e w e r 
1 * 9 3 1 1 J , a t t - i i i t 

7 3 I M 
J 
4 s p e e d , a i r , A M F b i , t a p * d e c k , e x t r a i l e u m B e d w it h w h i t * u l t e r io r 
141 3 5 11 a f t e r 
5 

5o MPG 
*2,9 9 9 * 

H 
O 
N 
D 
A 
C V C O 

Honda is the cor ond Mission is the plot*, lf you wont a fin*, comfortable economy cor, Honda is for you. And the best price one itivke is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•P IU S $ 2 o o FREIGHT 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGfST VW-HoNDA DIALER 
MISSION 

HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo S.W. Military Or. 
924 6516 

HONDA & MAZDA 
AUTOMOBILES 
AND 
USED CARS 

S « r v l c B e n d B o r t s D e p t * , o p e n 
-Set. 7 A 
M 
* / B M 

•SOO 

S o l e s o p e n • A M 
- 9 B M 

M o n . - F r l . B A M 
- 7 B M h o t. 

“ I f ’j a Small Car W orld A t ” 
Tom Benton Imports 
M i.ta i* 

7 3 F i a t <2 4 . M u s t SOU! T a k e e v e r p a y m e n t * 69 4 74 9« o r 2 1 * 4 1 4 4 . 

7 4 F I A T 
171 I L . d e a n a s n e w 
A m t m 4 s p e e d , a i r 
G e ld , t a n in t a r t e r , le w m i 
3 U 9 | . S S I o 5 9 1 , 
4 3 1 9 1 1 3 e v e * 

7 4 F I A T l l * I L 
3 7 ,6 9 6 m i a i r , o n I m , 4 s p e e d e x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n i i to e 
( e k e s o m e t r a d * 
B i l l l l * l l * * , w o r k ; 
6 6 1 1 * 1 2 . H B M , 

■ n o * m r 

711 - KOMA 
_ _ 

/ R h o n d a h a t c h b a c k 4 s a v e d 
R a d io a i r c o n d it io n e d , t i l t s 
T O M B I N S O N I M P O R T S . IN C 
9 3 91 S A N P E D R O _______I A I 111* 

 t i H O N O A S e d a n , c o m p l e t e l y 

714 MAZDA 

712JACU AB 

I n f i a t I l k S P ID E R 
A M FM radiate, needs som e . u t k 
SSM 
>11-61*1 
_______ r 
I ' W A G O N t n o w tire * , new e ate r a m tm 4 seeed. best 

J a g u a r X J 6 
74 i4 8 6 m i a ll p ow e r. A M -F M stereo , blue w ith re d in f e r io r 
E x c e lle n t c o n d 
38493 496 13)9_____________________ 
197) J A G U A R X K E C o n v * .n ile , s ilv e r g re y , re d le a th e r in te r i * i, e x c e lle n t re n d itio n 
24,66# m ite s 
511,888 I 7229871 
• U ’ Y K f C e e **, deed c o n im a 
8189491 A lte r 4, 81*9719 

714 

7) BM W 216 

 r 499*7)1 
MA/OA iranTBi w i 

 i M . Att, idle carefull» elieni cento 
M I IM I days 

T O T W W C — 
------ 

 m a in ta in e d 
B a c o ile n l c o n d 
SMM r ta tii 
IB - Y ep 

• V m i ' v . 

711 
HURDA r a n r r x r r e x t t o t e i m 
-J ian 
(6 (3 l l * 1 * 4 * 

I deer o u t*m a tte ( OU 71* 436J 
T i H A IM 'I U 
« deer 
4 speed ro d s * att o 9 9 1 
TO M BB NS O *! IM P O R T * i m i a n P e d b o m i u t * i 
" f w r n r o r o t — 

* * J- • " 8 * 9 d cond!- lien. 3738 673-81*7 or 474*948 
'N tadiJb RX I Rotary enf'l", ex- ca lla nt cond 31336 * 76-17o2 

T iiW A tb A 6 x 6 W a g o B------- 
♦ taeed, air............... *?/*> 
TO M B BN SO N IM P O R T S . ING- 
93*8 SAN P l D R Q 
IA I l i t * 
'N lA A b D A . R X 4 wagon, la k e up 
R e f m e n u . ne e qu ity, eau E rn ie . 

 lie d * 929-8811 o v ts ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ m nt-ktiicwsim 

 a n r a p D A e s , 
C dr is i e m p te teiv onainqi 66 9oo 
PU cpR John Stomp, 349 *3 9 1 
— roriaiiiflftn m----- 
C A L L 4 f i JY II l l Oarc*3** IU U L ( I T i Wa m i, im m a c u la te D a y s , l l * 284), eves 
6/4 16*4 w v*rr*iB rp i i . i i mi ixcepbenpt ta ts* ll * IH I 

• SPECIAL • 
• LIMITED EDITION • 

Lone Star V o l k s w a g e n 

33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU — BMW 
46 23 7r adarick xbury R o a d • 7 3 2 -7 1 2 1 
Arrow from W o n d e r la n d a f Fretter lek (bury Rd. 

NORTH TOOP VW— SUBARU 
4 6 2 3 F r o d a r i c k o b w r g l a u d a 7 3 2 - 7 ) 2 3 

A i r o i l t r » « n W o n d o r l a n d M a l l 

5S-NSWS BONUS AOS 
St LINES $ 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IO oats 
225-1666 

Q U I C K R E S U L T S ! 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
«fP CANCELLABLE 
. 

W 
I T 
H 
O 
U 
T 
* 
' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 1977 

W h y d r i v e a n e c o n o m y c a r t h a t l o o k ! l i k e a d o t e d l i t t l e b o x ? 
D r i v e t h e w i d e - o p e n 
A MISSION EXCLUSIVE the “WILD CHILD” VW 
MG Midget 
Special 
A 'cV A NORTH CENTRAL FORD I 
BUSINESS IS SUPER 
/ e S r V V V s K S lA R X w e c a n a “ FORD” 
/ 
With FREE: AM/FM radio. 
FREE Wheel trim rims. 
FREE: Luggage rack. 
FREE: Special striping. 
TO GIVE YOU A GOOD DEAL 

MG Midget. 
The lowest-priced true sports car is even a better value now. 

Plus Free AM-FM-4o ch. CB 
RADIO WITH THIS CAR ( O N L Y 
) 

With great pride, we introduce our custom "Wild Child" VW. 
Equipped with aluminum Mags and Wide oval tiros, functional 
Chrome Side Pipes and Special Striping t Window Decor. Rodin- ing backet seats (front), corpating, electric rear window defog­ ger, front stabilizer and fuel injected engine plus many ether exciting features. Do yourself a favor and try a "Wild Child." 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HONDA DEALER 
MISSION 
VOLKSWAGEN/HONDA 
13oo CC Military Dr. 
924 6516 

Excludes Tax, Title A license. 

’74 MERCEDES 45o SEI 
Blue, blue leather, sunroof, 
Cruise, stereo, low nu excellent condition 513,5oo 
'74 MERCEDES 28o 
4 d o o r , t a n , b r o w n l e a t h e r 

 s u n r o o f , s t e r e o , p e w e e w i n d o w s , 

 o n l y 24 ooo m i S &8oo 
7 1 MERCEDES 25o 
4 door 
White, brown interior. 
New Michelin radials, extra clean. 
$4495 

T R O P H Y F O R E IG N C AR S 

$4521 

 zn 
^ 
*6885\ ^ trucks 

D 

*THESE SPECIALS ARE GOOD THURSDAY AND FRIDAY ONLY. 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
EXTENDED W ARRANTY 
ON NEW AND USED VEHICLES 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 

’ 741/ , 
“ C B G 1- r„';“- ’4495 

 l y e 
RAT 
114 b r * ' . 
X T ' ~~ ‘3695 
’74 
’**' 
«*"«. bro** '" M a n r tffrtdf, air, om fw wj> 
• Y r 
M G M t f g t t , y « M . 
*3o95 
’ 7 2 14o!' 
"'• 
S . r “ ‘36oo 
4 Many other makes A models ta choose (rom. 
C e w p io t* S M V K I 
M A lN T fN A M C I D o g ! 
•34J BROADWAY 
I2A-13I9 

9 8 o o SAN PEDRO 
341-5 57 1 
EXCLUDES Freight, Dealer Prop. and Tax, Title and license 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 
CA VENDER’S 
“SPECIALS” 

 i t 
M 
C B , b e m e b l a c k t o p . n e w t i r e s , s t e r e o , t o p a n d b o o t 33,ooo m i . $ 3,ooo A S S 16o* 

M d f e , 147$ . C o n v e r t i b l e 2o.ooo m i 
64,ooo f i r m 
. 684-29o$ 

M i t t G T 
72 
A i r 
A M F M , g o o d c o n d $2195 681 o494 a r t 4 
1967 
U 
C 
B 
C 
T , 
A 
M 
- F M 
, w i r e w h e e l s 
N i c e 698 2o68 
7$ M C B , o n e o w n e r . l i l i e d m i l e s 
828 6353 O t t e r 7 696 oJ o3 

 i 974‘ I M C B R o a d s t e r , 13.5oo r n l m g o o d c o n d i t i o n , a s k i n g $ 3,1oo o r b e s t o t t e r 
C o l l 1-997-5252 o f t e r 
7F M . 
67 M C B R o a d s t e r 
C»“ ' » d t o p , e n g , e x c e l l e n t 73 I r o n s 
W i r e w h e e l s . 
5125o 824 3 
6 
9 
1 
_ _ _ _ _ _ 
74 AAC M id g e tlb lu e . 5.6oo m i l r a d i o . 539oo 342-o429_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
74 M G M i d g e t , g r a y , w i r e w h e e l s , 
A M F A A , $275o 696 181o 
A s k t o r 
S a n . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

75 MERCURY SXJaSKiSK S S ’4795 
76 FORD M ; J 5 T ,.* .," . r ” “-..‘529S 

 i e * r n ll /* ! / 
4-deor hardtop, lottery so a g r 
7 3 B U IC K a i r , e l l p o w e r e n d e x t r a s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
/ A 
V 
O 
76 CHEVY ST 
>5495 
75 ToRoNADo i3Tj?S ?.~', ’w !.’5795 
76 DODGE S S - ^ r .” ‘r;A -X ,*.,4895 
75 BUICK Zn.S 'iJZS L.Z.* T . ’4295 

* 7 A D I DC CuH<m 1vpr**»* f*vpe, fartory mr, all l r a g r 
/ O U L U ) power and extras, stereo, cruise, mags 
■'“ T J 

 l y e r e IM I ■ a f 5edon De Ville, factory air, ell 
' 3 vA U IL L A v. power and extras, (teen. Sib . . . n r 
#4935 ....................................................................... * 3 6 V 5 m i A i n e S,wfir* c#vp9. Rectory air, ell pow* $ g g g r 
/ 6 O L D S cmd extras, sport wheels, 5peciol e r r ) 
76 C H R YS lE R ^.'nS X *" m. ‘5795 
72 OLDS 
" *2295 
72 MAZDA RX3 
995 
75 FORD S X X ~ -I2 S .X S i'^ '.,4295 
76 OLDS 
’-*> *■ *» -.' *4995 

12,ooo M IU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 

7 4 OR NEWER MODELS. 
**CO NFIDENCE IS C A V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

M A K C M O N T H I P A Y M E N T * , 
73 O P E C M A N T A . 4 s p e e d . a i r . 
C 
X . V o l l m e r , 349 6948; 344 3955 
O t t e r 7 

A l O p e l 
G o o d r u n n i n g c o n d . , m o d t i r e s $4oo 433 4387 i t 6e e l K a d e t t e e 
M l i t r e e n g , g o o d g a s m i l e a g e 
$ 5oo. 734 9612 o t t e r $ p.m. 
'93 
O p e l 
M a n t a 
C u x u s 
S p o r t 
C o u p e g o o d c o n d $125o 69o 1121 
75 6 P c l 19oo S p o r t W a g o n , a i r 
$ 19o$ . 333 8152 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
How to live happily w ith your leased car fo r the next tw o or three years 

718 PORSCHE 

N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H * A U D I 
1236 N E 
C O O P 41o 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 824 3214_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

63 T F B I H f H 'f 
'i i i » * sf/of 
46 
V W p o r t s c o r , $ 275, '44 R O V E R 
$ 45o. p i o i l , $328o 824 o758 

• * f > o . s i h i 35* C 
G o o d c o n d i t i o n . ' a i r 
828 8484, e x t . 381 
A f t e r 4 j 
342 71 IO 

I J p 6 r L C H E 91 I E C O U P E 
A u b e r g i n e 
5 s p e e d t r a n s m i s s i o n , a i r A M F M 
O n l y 21,ooo m i l e s 
C a l l 
R o n 
W l k e r 
S p e c i a l o r d e r c o r 
$ 1o,995 1~ 
N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1324 N E C o o p 41o 
636-1314 
} 

76 PO RSCHE P U E 
5 s p e e d a i r c o n d i t i o n e d , c a s s e t t e . i a l l e v e w h e e l s , c a r i b e b l u e m e f a i l l e , i m m a c u l a t e , 
$ 11, 45o. 
132 2)43 o r 814 4131 

F L P o r s c h e 2 o h i e w v e n o * o a ' n T ' 
S48oo 653 1171 

- - - - - - - - - - 74 6o * S d M 
# 9M - - - - - - - - - - - 
R E O 2 o e n a i n e , 5 s p e e d . A M F M s t e r e o 
O n l y 7.ooo m i l e s . C a l l R a n 
W a l k e r 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $7495 
N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U O I 
I 
1326 N E L o u p 41o 
• 24-3214 

P O R i c 
H E , s i - i n n 
U p t 'e i f 
I a i r o u t s t a n d i n g c o n d o r i g i n a l 1 
I 494-1 S O O 

} 4 # 6 J i s c h s His 
I S p e c i a l E d i t i o n , e l e c t r i c s u n r o o f . I 
• A M F M s t e r e o , t o p e d e c k , C B o n . 
I n e w M i c h e l i n t i r e s A W X r a d i a l s . 
C a l l H o n W a l k e r 
, 
N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U O I 
1326 N E C O O P 41o 
824-3214 
" h 6665^ H r T r r r r a r c a 
~ ~ 
A M F M s t e r e o . 8 t r a c k C B , a H o v w h e e l s 
C r u i s e c o n t r o l , d r i v i n g 
; l i g h t s a d d i t i o n a l s p e a k e r s , C o l t 
C o p i s G a r c i a 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
$ 15. 99$ 
N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U O I 
! 
1326 N E C O O R 41o 
_____ H k 
M 
T ______ ti f * a r e c h e f i t T o g a . 5 s p e e d s 
; g a u g e s . A M F M s t e r e o l o p e . A l 
I l e » S . e x c e l l e n t 36,336 494 57oo 

 sH j / 
S P 
E C 
I A L 
7 6 CHEVY Pickup, loaded . . . . 
S S I B S 
’75 LAGRANDE leg. Mel Hue............................ 
7 4 CHIVY 
LOV Pickup..................................... 
7 o BMW 2oo2 .................................................. 
7 5 TOYOTA 
Wagon ....................................... 
'7 9 VW Camper Pop-Top.................................. 
*7 o VW Coneortibie. like new................................ 
*7 3 KAMMAN One 4 spd redie I err................. 
'7 5 VW Rcdbbit, ok, AM/FM, 25,ooo miles........... 
*7 5 MAMMY, 19,ooo miles, mr, redie..................... 
’ 7 3 VW Van, radio, air, extra dean........................ 
*7 3 SUBARU, dean............................................. 
’ 7 3 VW Sager, Wa#, 36,ooo miles ......................... 
•7 o AUM, 4-deer................................................ 
'AM VW lug, automatic........................................ 
’AM VW Peg leg Camger....................................... 
^ ---- lf you don't egg ut 
(.h w e^ v before you buy... 
You Could Pay Too Much 

S 2 9 9 5 
$ 2 4 9 5 
$ 6 8 9 5 
$ 1 9 9 5 
$ 5 3 9 5 
$ 4 1 9 5 
$ 2 2 9 5 
$ 3 1 8 8 
$ 2 9 9 5 
$ 3 2 8 8 
$ 1 7 8 8 
$ 2 1 9 5 
$ 1 6 7 o 
$ 895 
$ 1 5 9 5 

Include Red Mac s Maintenance Lease Program 

For a fixed fee, your new 
Program can be added to live happily with your 
Ford automobile your Red Mac lease for car for the next two is covered anywhere in only $11 98 per month or three years the U.S. for inspections 
That's a bargain for and emergency repairs. peace-of-mind, 
JKKtHKKKM 
Complete scheduled smoother running and 
^ maintenance, oil better mileage. 
I H a changes, tune-ups and normal repairs, beyond those listed in the standard warranty, are covered for 4o,oo(1 miles on a 36-month lease or 
24,ooo miles on a 24- month lease. 

The Maintenance Lease 

•71 C o h e n . S T . 4 s p e e d . o » r , s t e r e o , 
W a d e d 2,4oo 655 6525_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 d o . u H o “ N e w e n g T a o o d c o n d 
$15o 
A t t e r 6 
* 55- 5)6 

 l l 
C o r e l l a W o g o n . 1-ipdT., a i r ' , 
I W 
S . C o i l : 675 1296. 

I F V o U C A N B U Y A B E T T E R " 
B U I L T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T : 
D R E V E R 
T O Y O T A 
B U Y 
I T 

L e a v i n g C o u n t r y . S a c r i f i c e ‘ l l 
C o r o n a 
L o a d e d , n e w t i r e s 
691 I M O 
71 T6V6tA sfsi---------- 
C A L L M 
I -3933 
11T 6 VSTT reffed:1 llp’topsFiope 
$225o 655 8493 

T F T e T e T o T e R T c T T ^ i r T N r ^ r r r ! s a c r i f i c e 
A f t e r 4 494 U S O i i T 6 V o t A < ! t L i < ! A G Y L i P f - 
B A C K a i r , s t e r e o , t o w m i l e s 
R e g u l a r g a s 
I n w a r r a n t y $ 477$ 
1 435-8496 o t t e r 4 16._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

B U G S ! 
1966 t h r u 1977 M o d e l s 
CALL: A f f t . 82* 442o 

F * D a s l t e r . A u t e < o t l t T a i r , 4 d o o ! % l o w m i l e a g e , e x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n 
$ 2,756 * 53-1613 

S u ' f t l i U d o 
V 
- •iT 
' v w 
'.- ' F . b e r , . l o s s , b o d * 
E l e c i g n i t i o n , c h i a m e x x i i o d o r 
R o l l b o r . a l u m m e g s 
H O c l u t c h $85o 65* 24*2 124 
C h a p a r r a l D r i v e , S e g u i n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

*73 a w F a s t b a c k 
I o w n e r , a i r , 
A M P M s t e r e o 
V e r y l o w m i l e s 
I m m a c u l a t e 
344 7911 o r 
S t e v e . 
M 
I - I H 
I_____________ 
Tires, state inspections and a few other items are not covered. For complete details, get a copy ot FALS 
MAINTENANCE 
LEASE PROGRAM at 
Red Mac Leases and 

I Buy Sell Used Cars 
I Pot McQueen______ 712_ 
1U2ri San Pedro 
San Antonio, texas 7H212 

2 2 2 — ftt>11 

‘Y J t o y o t a C o n n o 4 C u r e d I r o n s 4 t y i e c o n o m i c a l : 22469$ * 
'74 L o y o l a C o r u n a M a r k i i ' 
A i r " , a u l a , b e s t a t t a r 
124 1114 a r 
H l - i s t a . R i c h . 

• T I T o y o t a d o r a d o M a r k I 2 d o mf. 
$1646 o36-59)4 
4T 
"Y g 
V 6 "f 
A 
£ 6 i 6 f l X . ' T o * S m i l e a g e , I n e w t i r e * . 4 s p e e d . 4 a r . M 58 o r b e s t o H e r 349 1o47 

 l f t o y o t a M X 
W o v e n l o w m V ! l i k e n e w 6$ e 1o2o , 633-117 3 

 l l T o y e t a , ' n v e d s r e p a i r . 
$ 8u b a i b e s t O t t e r 
A t t e r 5, 927 23So 

"Y B V o Y a o f s a H AH T g F tiS ~ 
17o1 t I 
M 
I L I T A R Y D R I V E 
934-o431 r m w r r j s i z & H 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a u t o m a t i c , r a d i o , a i r 
$ 119$ 
T O M B I M S O N I M 
P O 
R T * , I N C 
95oo S A N P E D R O _ _ _ _ _ _ 341 t i l * 

 i i l f 
C a M D e n n i s a t 114- 7o6* 
A t t e r I 
636-4311 i t K a r m e n C h i a 
P o r s c h e 9U 
• n e n e w p a i n t , g o o d m i l e a g e 
R a d i a l s m o a s 31566 o r b e s t o t t e r 
221-1349 o t t e r 4 p m 

 m c ' Y R i d m a T T ( f V . i i i > 42( ' 
V W E N G I N E O V E R H A U L 
VW 

COME SEE ONE OE 
THE FASTEST SEILING IMPORTS!! 
1977 SUBARU 
STD. MODELS STILL AT ECONOMY PRICE 
S O I A A 9 9 * 

4 M o n t h 4,666 M i W a r r a n t y 
SERVICE AND REPAIR 

N f t f t V H 1668 W 
L i n i y 
A g 
W 
731 7131 
4S 23 F r e d e r i c k s b u r g R d 

^ T T e u g e o l s n i i a T 
^ n 
R 
S 
H 
I m e c h a n i c a l , a u t o , a i r . s t e r e o 
$1856 . C R H 634- > 671._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

•74 ■ O D b « 1. b a s i c 2 d r , a i r , A M - 
F M store#, i n w a r r a n t y . $1o9$, D r . 
M u r r e y , *61-1919 
7 s' ah i i y rn v a a: 3 rn speed, mr. am tm. tBceilent cong 
$3773 firm 4461472_____ 
TI uubbil Custom Deluxe Air, stand , A M E M *33 2647 
T? TUA 1 1 l f I TT I "IM ti* , air, auto Stick Nutt, $1456 691 2148 
Yl'kupvi v C Very cleon. now radial tires, radio 6174$, 413 1467 
Yoke ever payments en 74 V W 
Bug' Ne equity Call 824 7464 ask tor Dennis 
Atter I 
Call 
434 433) 
__________ 
Take over payments an 74 VAI 
No equity Call 824-6618 ask for 
Fred Atter 7 923 7737 
W K T i K F k air,-. “ 
A M P M 
I t r a c k , 
N e w 
R a d i a l s 
33,236 
Day 494 1436, NigM 464 4684 
1^74 Volkswagen I*e!i9. new tires, good condition. 
31.766 
674 6663 
— 
4116* 
Real CLEAN Carl 223 7111 v6f 
T fii ' ne.ji work best utter 623 6641 eves 

I M I n o u n * l o ( A i l 
1 
13 13$ ieee 
I 
U 
H 
U 
H 
A N O N I W k 

-7o F O R O W a g o n , l e a d e d 
. $1665 
4* G A L A X I E * oo,4 d r 
. . . . . . 36o6 
66 I M P A L A 4- d r 
. 
. . . . . . . . 3665 
7o A M B A 33A D O P . 6 S i d 
. . 3461 e l r H R v $ i E R 4- d r l e a d e d 3465 
4$ C M E V E L L B . s t a n d a r d . $ 135. 
46 Buick 4dr 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3365, 
SMITH S Used Car* 
76$ $ A L A M O 
214 6144 

 r e Y 
I f c U 
A i i Z 
W i A - - - - - - - - - 

 l e e and d r i v e i e a p p r e c i a t e 
A H o r i g i n a l . $1136 f i r m 
731 1549 
11$ B R O A D W 
A Y 

 t a 
* m a l l i L r i i - T 
K 
I - - - - - - 
R o o i e g o o d t i r e s $736 341 7314 

*47 R O L L S R O Y C E 
S i l v a * 
S h a d o w 
O u t s t a n d i n g c e n a i t i o n 53 36o m i 
C e r o u s C h r i s t i , 
I 691 5412, L a m b e r t a r t e r 4 g r n 

 i M 
E 
H 
A l GT T k g W illT 'T i 
P u n t e i e a i r , s t e r e o . J s p e e d 
C a M 
L o u t * G a r c i a 
49W 5 
N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U O ! 
122* N E L e a p 61o 
124 2314 m < 1 1 U I 
V "TU A l '6 U 'i 'r 
~ T Y T 7 
1* 4o4 m i l e s 
L i k e n e w . L O A D E D , 
T o k e Me P o y m e n i s M u s t a s k P o i 
D e n H e m 225 *361. . . . . 

 k ( ' l i I ! 16u » w a n ! 
IN IMI U H I i i NI Ak caci 22k ieee 

VOLKSWAGEN 

P o r t s S e r v i c e C m 
74 V O L V O 14$ W o e e n . o u i o m o m m r c o n U i i t o n e d , l o w m i l e a g e , e n # o w n e r 
P r i c e d t o S e l l 732 3143 O I 
624 4131 

UMI L eo m a " yyx 
DI Bt He UVBHidUl ill 
M 
E T R T t M 
A * T « R 7T 24 7427 

71 V W S t e N o n W a g o n 
N o w me t o r 13 M o s w d r r g i w y . $ o* *1o6 

M ' “ y w s u p e r , I U I . u u l g . l a w i f f 
1179$ . 133-1133 

) i v t r 
'u ? 
» 
' l i r r u r t w n 
• 
4141 S o n P e d r o 
346 6311 

' i v 
* S u p e r 
B e e t l e , e a c e l l e n t c o n d 316o6 $11 S S M 
>1 V W YJger 'l e o H t , O g l T l r a n s . l i k e n e w $196o 349 4669 n V W t u 'g e r V e B e 'w T I > a u T y," " A I r . 
41, O H n b . 314 6136 
TC VW wagon, air. healer redip 
63$ 4433 a t t e r $ w e e k d a y s 
) l V W 
W k e a A 
I V c e f U n l C 
W 
! , o u t # 
C P W : 36o-663o_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 u 
T 
S 
T 
T 
GREATER SAVINGS O N ALL NEW 
1976 SUBARUS & DEMOS IN STOCK 

12 MONTH UNLIMITED MILEAGE WAMENTY 

•PIUS TAX, TITLE AND LICENSE 

P o r t s S e r v i c e C a r s e s t -1 i i 1 rn VW AiCTCT 'Waetrack Til el. e x c e l l e n t M S * 664-3331 
-Tl'Vtt i V r Air^'exceptionally g e e d *1666 464 443$ . 

T i " v W 
H 
J T 
' l i r j e ' d n a w k , ! . , 7 p a s s e n g e r $4266 i l l 3714. 

~ 
V w T p $ T 
T g a s s e n a a ^ , o u i # . , a i r . e x c e l l e n t c o n d t l t e n . m a n y e x 
N o s 
$36o6 
614 1262 a t t e r 
$ w e e k d a y s 
I'T IIW IC A M flR 
E x c e i i a n t c a n 
D i l l o n $2166 734- 1) 7$ b e t w e e n 4 7 a m a l l d a y w e e k e n d s 

72 Toyota Wagon S1195 
VW E M U $48o S5QQ l l M o S Y 12,o44 m i 
W a r r a n t y 

' J i , b u r a f T t ^ T T ^ S o T B 
^ o u d c o n d 16/ k 414 3773 
“ riuboru ‘BL oir. AM PM EF m g # c i t y f c x c e l l e n l c o n d i t i o n . 
11*66 46) U M 

" 
A L A T O S P O R T S C 
A 
I 1} 
A u l h o r i t c d S a l e s e n d S e r v i c e 
T H u m p h A l t o M o m « « 
I I H 
B R O A D W 
A Y M 
E S H I 
Ti t p i t t i r e 
L e w m H « a g t 
C a n 636 7 6 o / 
75 S p i t f i r e 
M o g k 
T m i o a n d ( o n v e r t i b l e c a v e r s , e a t r a s , 
31766 
* 2) 4266 

 l f T T 
T 
-"6 a a J c o n d n i t r o p o r t s 
S I436 o r o t t e r *64 1244 

 f r 
T A f O W T i T l p T H T t 'e , 'i i 'i e c T f T c o v e r a n v e , a m t m c a s s v l t e 
E x c e l t e n l 32636 434 3317 , 3244274 
>{ f>|UWpM 
------ 
4 s p e e d t v e r d n v e , A M F M 
C a l l 
R a n W a l a e r 
33643 

N O R T H W 
O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
132$ N E Leap 416 
_____ M S - M M T ______ 

• i L 'T R 4 
6 6 * * r n ! p o i t e e ! c o n d 
• u t l o r y m o l c m n g h o i P U P e v e r d r i v e , p m t m s t e r e o 
F r e d r i c k s b u r g ( I ) 6o2-3137 

 vw riT S z z n f » r e x c e R e n l t a i 
S t u d e n t o r H o u s e w i f e 
G e e d a a s m u t a t e 341 1471 t o V T T M im a m s , m u s t ^ moving 3636 637 2614 

 ri Q V I A G e e d I r o n s g e r f a f i o n . $766 
341 7326 

 f t W I l o w m d c u e t n e w c o n d i t i o n b e l o w b o o k v a l u e a r t r o d e t a r a i t k u a a i l 144a 

 i m w 
- 
^ w ^ 
^ r - T u i r k o w l i r a s 3176$ 
) } ) l i s t w n n 
\ n r r v i n i L ' , " ^ 
4 s p e e d a i r . s t e r e # c a s s e t t e , l e a g a g * r a c k , i m m a c u l a t e 
$ 346* 
624 6417 

V A I " W u r e t o c k , 
64 i j l l f I k W J , 
• n e b r o s 
R a d i o s u n r o o t 3*36 
*61 2674. 

T F V 
* ' t G 
R 
^ w i i ^ n ' T K 
S - K r e s n e w a u l a . l r o n e m i s s i e n n e w a r a k e * 
R e d i p a i r $1666 *64 1)44 
5 aWbf Sage___ _____ 

I G 
U 
A 
R A 
N T E E T H E R E 1$ A 
W 
A Y — -I C a n s a i l y o u a C a r l 
C A L L 
F R A N K 
PADGETT'S Used Cars 
16o2 
I F L O 
R 
E S 
532 $421 
XTAmO TOYOTA 
A c ,< < } £ % I * A i*** ■ i i p o i I 118 o722 
$14 N E I OOF 416_____ 
73 C i t ICA. AM F M , g i r . $ 116* a S S -2339 

 n f f i i t A a t 
55T V 
J T i n g J s t e e d I r o n s , n m t m s l e r o o , N i p o n c a n d L e s s I k o n 16,666 m i B l u e w i t h w h i l e v i n y l l e g 
S h o w r o o m c o n d i t i o n o4)oo 436 4)11 o t t e r 4 

 a m . 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
7$ Cf LICA G T , i n b e a u t i f u l t e n ' t i t i a n , w i t h O M * 11. 3*4 m i 
A i r , $ s a d i r a n * . a m t m r o a m m e l a n i c b l u e w i t h v in y l l a g l l MFG R u e s 
G r o a n NAOA r e t a i l . $ 413$ , w i l l s e t t $3966 
D a r k $12 91)9 
M t O k 
3)4 71) 7. 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Hf-pKw. rn __ 

M I S S I O N C I T Y I M P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z S a t e * S e r v i c e 
1826 S A M P E D R O 
, 734 334) 

' c g r e y 
W h i l e v i n y l l a p l e a d e d P S L 3179 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

71 VW CampiMNN SI 95o 
S l e e t s < 
P o # T o g 73 M P G 
N e w e n g i n e 
C l e a n ' 13* 4939_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
BANK R E P O S l l C H E V Y M a l t a u 
A p r 
$1793 
7* G R E M 
L I N 
$3791 
74 P I N T O W A G O N 
$1791 
C A L L : B 
I N 
M 
A C I A * . 931 7371 
H A L L A N D A L E BANK 
I I I R A Y B U R N 

*4 M e r c e d e s 316S L 
71.666 m i g r a y r a d 
T w o l u e s n e w c a n v e r l i b l e l e g . u g h e i s i e r v . p a i n t 
( i i e l l e n ! c a n d 34366 494 1661 a r 
484 3127 
T 
T w r r r 
M r w i i i 668 m i . l u m e n ! c r u i s e , o b k o l u t e l v N k e n e w 
3613 S A N P E D R O 
>34 446$ 
691 1777_ _ _ _ _ e y e s 

71 VW CamsmoMe SI 95o 
S l e e p s 4 Pea Tea ft A 
F O 
N e w 

 i t A u s tin M a r i n a , M C B e n g i n e 
6 d e e r . 4 s p e e d d e a n , m u s t M i l , k l 2 2 $ 6 8 4 * 3 9 1 if Lf MaATicoHont guaJilun'lW 
I S in t a c t a n d w o r k i n g 6 x4 I i i ) 

’ f i l l H i f e t a 
--- 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February 27 1977 

738-743 AUTOMOBILES 
738743 41MWBIUS 
7318743 MiTOmOBIlES 

JO R D A N FO R D ’S 

GREAT 
USED 
CAR 

» v , 
' • V a O y _ , 

W l f h * r Z rl ° ? d * * 

’71 LTD Woaon....................... 
*1995 
’73 PINTO........................... 
*1895 
’73 GALAXIE .-a,............... 
*2295 
’73 LTD 2-dr................................................. *2295 
’73 CHEVROLET coP,„......... 
*3195 
’74 GREMLIN 
*2495 
*74 PINTO W..M.................... *2495 
’74 CHEVROLET iT 
. '" ......... *3195 
’75 PINTO a-......................... ’2595 
76 LTD Broughom ........................................ *5295 
’75 ELITE............................. ’4 4 9 5 
’75 LTD e-d r.......................... 
*4395 
’76 M U STAN G .................... ’4 2 9 5 
’75 MAVERICK 4-d.o,........... *2895 
’76 CORDOBA i- d r.............. *5795 

NORTHSIDE lo o p 41o at M c C u llo u g h 
3 4 4 -8 3 9 6 

*72 MALIBU 4-do............. 
*1o95 
’ 995 
’71 CHEVROLET K 
......... 
’75 PINTO Baraboo, 
*2695 
’75 M O N ZA 2.2................. *2995 
’7 6 M O N Z A ........................ *3495 
’72 N OVA .......................... *1495 
’7 o PONTIAC i . m o n ......................J * 895 

’6 9 CHEVROLET «cT.k*........ 
* 49 5 
’6 6 CHEVROLET 
* 5 9 5 
’65 PLYMOUTH 4-d.o, 
* 2 9 5 
*74 MAVERICK 4.w 
, 
*1895 
’73 DATSUN r.u......... ......... *1995 
'7 4 PLYMOUTH o o . „ r 
*1995 
'7 3 SUBARU....................... *1795 
’73 OLDS To.onodo 
.................... *2295 
SOUTHSIDE 
4 ) 4 S.W . MILITARY OR. 
923 -4 5 6 6 

Malibu 
’7o CHEVROLET 2-dr. hard, o d ................ 
*1o95 

’65 FORD Zu"".................... 
* 695 
’71 PINTO 
3 Hoo.................... 
• 895 
*63 FALCON «o„,h.„............. • 695 

’71.PONTIAC «-do.,r"*,...... 
•1595 de® m w d h M E h Custom, 4-door, outomotic, rn I F O R D radio, heater . ....................... 
• 895 

’75 PINTO 
Wagon 
•2795 
’74 PINTO 3 - d .a r .................................... *2395 
’75 F-IOO 
*x” e*r .................................... *4295 
’7o TOYOTA 4 .d o o r.. ._j_.......... • 995 
’73 COMET 
,*1995 
’73 LTD 4-doar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . .]*2595 
’74 MAVERICK 
2 do....... 
*2295 
’73 CUTLASS 
*2795 
*74 IMPALA 4 -d o a r.............................. *2895 

C l 

“ Wow, Do We Have A D eal For Your* 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
’ 73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

MOST OF OUR QUAI UY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE I 
, 
COVERAGE 
I 

The Policy The* 1*9* You Sign Aw ay too*! Of 
T h » Con* OE M a f o r M e cb d e n ta l R e n o ir* F o r I 2 
M o n th s O r 1 1 ,o o o M ile r , W h ic h e v e r C o m e * fir#** i 
<1 M O T O R ’S IN S U F A M C C C O R P O R A T I O N * 

’68 o1DSMoBIU 
1 2 ! , To, automatic, ok, power iteming, power brakes, AIL 
/ Y D 
* 7 A D A U T I A r Co,olmo Wagon, green, white top, 
/ U r U n l l A ^ i automatic, air, power steering, j 
A A C pawer brakes, AM, rooI rock................................. 
Y r D 
7o OLDSMOBILE winy! top, automatic, on, power steering, power brokes, power windows, power seats, tilt steering, AM/fM stereo.............. 
’69 OLDSMOBILE beige interior, automatic, air, power steering, power brakes. AM, one owner 
C A j D f l Hovtfkk, whits, bios trifn, 3o2 V-8, 
/ JL I U K I/ automatic, powtr steering, AM rodio. . 
73 OLDSMOBILE beige interior, automatic. air, power steering, power brakes, AM .............. 
' T O A l M f blue interior, 6-cylinder, 
/ J A r T lC 3-speed standard, an conditioned. AM----- i m i m r A l A l ttmbnantol, brown, tan vinyl top, 
/ i I I N L U I N automatic, ok conditioned, AM/FM stereo, oft available power equipment ................ i v e T A V A T A Corona Motk IV, 4-door, gold, block 
/ A l U T U I A vinyl top, 4-speed, 4-cylinder, on conditioned, AM/FM radio... 

Capri, green, buckskin, interior, automatic, V-6, on, AM radio, 

74 MUSTANG ll 

‘ 995 

*1195 
*1195 

*1195 
*1295 

*1395 

*1395 

*2495 

*2495 

*2695 

*2895 

*2895 

 speed, 6- 

’72 OLDSMOBILE 98 stereo, steel-belted rodml tires, silver with vinyl lop and fabric interior, only 43,812 miles ................ e v e U C D / I I B V Capri, blue, block bucket scots, 
/ 4 lY lf c K L U K T 4-speed, ak conditioned. AM radio, sunroof ................................................... 
* 7 A C f i O n Wjverkk, white, tan vinyl interior, 3o2 
/ 4 r U K U V-8, outomotic, on, power steering and brokes ............ 
74 MERCURY extra nice......... 
Burgundy, burgundy vinyl bucket seats, power steer mg, brokes, oir, oil gaoqei 4 speed floor shift 
> 7 o A i | \ ( y / i n i | r Delta Coupe, white, white t o U l i W 
V H J O l l t vinyl top, blue interior, V 
8, outomotic, on, power steering and brakes, ex ceptiorolly dean and low mileage 

> 7 o / 'U C w o r n C T ^on*e ^ofb) landau, AM/FM 
• O v rx C V K U L C I stereo rope, tilt wheel, cruise control, power steering and brokes, oir, brown, ton • vinyl swivel bucket scots 

» 7 J D I V M A I I T U Uui,•'' 
6-cylinder, 
/ *t l l I IY1VJU I n automatic, air, power steer big and brakes, green, green vinyl interior, clean with only 27,237 miles 
......................... 
*7 * r \ A n r t Adventurer Pickup, self contained 
/ J U U U v C walk in camper, V-8, automatic, air, power steering ond brokes, Beady for Vocation " j 
IT I A T C ^°k)n, V-8, outomotic, ok, power 
/ 4 L U I L A D D steering ond brokes, 
AM'FN stereo, maroon, maroon vinyl top, reclining bucket scots ............................................................... i v e C O D D 
1/7 ,on P*ckuP 
- fed vi'syf interior, V 
/ D Y U K I / 
8, outomatir, air, power steering ond brokes, dean and only 15,3o8 m iles.................... 
75 OLDSMOBILE buckskin vinyl top, swivel bucket seats, automatic, on, powei steering ond c a a a f brokes, AM/FM stereo tape deck. 29ooo miles 
O r 9 5 
’ T C U l l i n / tilvei, vinyl bucket seats, 
/ D D U I l - l l AM/FM stereo tape deck, ail, power steering ond blokes, steel belted radial tires 
PONTIAC 
^ 
Po<,*r 

*2995 

2995 

*2995 

*3395 

*3495 

*3995 

*4195 

7o2726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 MITOMOBILES 

 steering ond brokes, tilt wheel, 
AM/FM stereo, silver, blade vinyl interior, 4oo cubic j . , inch, radial tuned suspension 
4 o Y D 
76 OLDSMOBILE outomotK, air, power steer mg ond oir. white, burgundy vinyl top, white vinyl i e t a t bucket seats, only 13,785 miles ........................... 
4 / Y D 
• T C / n o n n o A * h"*’ buckskin interior, air, 
/ D L U K U U d A power steering and brokes, 
AM/FM stereo tape deck, gouges, digital dock, i e m a c 
13,453 mites, one owner..................................... 
H O Y D 
’7 5 OLDSMOBILE 98 ! S ’ .K .!£ . . . . . tap, tufty loaded, every option available ............. 
4 V y 5 
»7 » r n n n longer ELT Super Cob, automatic, av, 
/ O r U K U power steering and brokes, Plus Com- 
. . . per Cover, blue and while with Mu* interior 
D J Y D 
’74 OLDSMOBILE 
'i»"5i wheel, cruise control, btue, vinyl bucket seats and i r e O C sports console................................................... 
D O Y D 

> 7 A r A D U C T T C 
S,'"8"Y- **"**• **>•' 
74 COR VITTI interior. 35o V I, 4 speed floor u | o c shift, AM/FM radio, super nice ' .............. 
O I Y D 
SBR VICE, W H AT 
IT'S ALL ABO U T 

QUALITY USED CARS 

LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 

VEHICLES 

824*o411 
75o N X LOOF 41o AT BROADWAY 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS NORTHWEST 
BANDERA AT LOOP 41o 
681*1431 
I! WILL BE OPEN SU N D AY ll 

7 1 ITO MOUGHAN 4-doar, loaded............ *1989 
7 2 MUSTANG 2+2 PO V-8, cute................ *2289 
7 3 CAAN TORINO 2-deor, leaded, 4o,ooo mi... *2489 
7 3 CHEW IMPALA 4-deor leaded............... *2o89 
7 4 GOAN TORINO I-dear leaded............... *2789 

7 4 TORO GALAM SOO 4-dear, loaded 
*2989 
74 MAZDA tx 4 S/W 4-speed 34,ooo mi 
*2489 
*7o I -AIRO loaded............................. *1889 
7 2 FORD Colo tie SOO 4-deer loaded 
*1689 
7 3 MVKRA Grow Sped loaded 4o,ooo ism *3289 
7 6 PONTIAC laAAam Sport Coupe, loaded 
*4589 
7 6 MAVERICK 2-deor loaded. 17,ooo mi 
*3689 
7 6 COMI! 2-deor leaded, 17,ooo mi. 
*3689 
7 6 MONTEGO KU 2-deer, leaded. 8,ooo mi.. . . *5289 
7 6 VIGA HATOMACK 5,ooo bd................. *3389 
7 5 FINTO I deaf, laaded, extra dows 
*2889 
7 5 NOVA 2-daar loaded, 1o,ooo rn. 
*3389 

7 5 PONTIAC UMANS lewdad, 23,ooo ml. 
*3889 
7 5 COAMT 4-dew*, loaded..................... ‘ 3289 
75 MONIA 2-4-2 laaded....................... *3289 
7 5 LTD HOUGHAM 2-deer, leaded 
*3989 
75 LTD LANDAU. 4-deac laaded .............. *3889 
7 5 GNC Vs la* pickup, leaded, 28,ooo mi..... *4389 
7 5 MTfRNATIONAl KOU! Aute., 21,ooo nu. 
. *3889 
76 KANGER UT ISO. leaded................... *4489 

LOW DOWN SALE 
188OO 
D O W 
N 
CASH or TRADE 

N E W 7 7 P IN T O 

*82 4S* 

* 8 2 .4 5 for 4 8 m o n th s on a p p rove d cred it w ith $ 1 8 8 c a sh or tra de d o w n 
C a sh sale price $ 3 3 2 9 
A n n u a l p e rc e n ta g e ra te 1 1 .8 3 , d e fe rre d p ric e $ 4 1 4 5 6 o . 
S ta te tax. lice n se exclu ded. S to ck # 4 2 44 
LOW PAYMENTS— ALL MODELS— OVER 4oo NEW FORDS 

P I N T O S .M A V E R I C K S . M U S T A N G S . G R A N A D A S . L T D . T R U C K S 

*3oo to ’SOO OFF ON USED CARS I TRUCKS! 

N I N l l H A N A D A !.o«. 

* 
9 
$ 
9 
2 
* 

* 9 9 92 for 4 8 m o n th s on a p p rove d credit w ith $ 1 8 8 ca sh or trade d o w n 
C a sh sale price $ 3 9 9 4 
A nn ual p e rc e n ta g e ra te 11 8 3 , d e fe rre d p ric e $ 4 9 8 4 16 
S ta te Tax lice n se exclu ded. S to ck # 4161 

2 3 1 1 B r o a d w a y - 

'7 5 
H O N D A 2-dr 
....... 
MAZDA 
7 4 
Station Wagon 

'7 4 
FIAT «-dr....................... 

'7 5 
MAVCRICK 4-dr. ------ 

'7 5 
GRANADA 1-dr. ------ 
FORD 
7 4 
Custom SOO, 4-dr. ...... 
PONTIAC 
7 4 
Catalina 4-dr............... 
TORINO 
'7 5 
Station Wagon ......... 
LTD Landau 
7 5 
1-dr 
....................... 
BUICK 
7 5 
Regal 4-dr................... 
CAPI LAC 
7 6 
Coupe D e v ille ........... 
CADILLAC 
7 3 
Coupe D e v ille ........... 
LINCOLN 
7 4 
Town Car ................... 

'7 5 
GRAND Prix ----------- 
LTD Landau 
7 6 
4-dr 
_____________ 
FIAT Spider 
7 5 
Canvartibla Caupo 
.w e M G 
7 4 
Convertible Coupe .... 

227-1415 

.... 
*1975 
__ 
*1775 
*119o 
*2895 
*3495 
*1995 
*2o9o 
*2995 
*3995 
*3395 
*8995 
__ 
*4395 
*4995 
*4595 
*49^5 
*3995 
*2575 

27S5 T W Military Dm* 
GALAXIC SOO 
o 8 
4-dr. hardtop 
....... 
GRANADA 
7 6 
Ghia 4-dr. .................... 

'4 9 
FORD 4-door ................ 

'7 4 
TORINO 4-dr.................. 
CADILLAC Davilla 
'7 2 
4-dr................................. 
BUICK llectra 
7 3 
2-dr. Hardtop ............. . 
CHEVROLiT 
7 3 
Caprice 4-dr.................. 
LTO 
7 3 
Station Wagon ........... 
CUSTOM sdb, 
7 4 
4-dr.................... ........... 
2o14 Goliad Rood 
„ VCGA GT 4-cylinder, 
7 4 
4-»peed ............................ 
GRAND PRIX 
7 5 air, sewer ........................ 
GRANADA 1-dr., 
7 5 air, power, stereo .......... - 
, . _ CHIVY Biscayne 
6 9 
4-dr' V>, automatic .......... 
MUSTANG automatic, 
7 o air. jeowor — 
.............. 
FORD F-TOO pickup, 6 stand- 
7 5 ard, AM/FM s te re o -------- 
COURIfR 4-speed, 
7 6 
1,ooo miles ---------------- 

923-4541 

* 4oo 
‘4295 
*1695 
*2295 
*2695 
*2695 
*2495 
*2995 
‘ 1995 
333-672o 

*1395 
*4995 
*4195 
.... 
‘ 1295 
*1495 
‘3595 
‘3195 

1722 Austin Highway - 826-328? 
*66 
IMPALA 4-dr. ................... 
FORD Ranger 
P ic k u p ---------------------------- 
'74 
'74 
'71 
'75 
'73 
'73 
'72 
'75 

DATSUN Coupe 
PONTIAC 
Fireb ird 
...... 
CHIVY Neva 
2-dr.................. - 

MFRCURY Capri 
FORD Country 
Sedan Wagon .. 

G R 8M LIN 1 -d r........................ 
M U S T A N G 
1 -d r. h a rd to p ..................... 
TRUCK 4k H IP DIPT. 
2411 Broodway - 227-1419 
D O D G E W to n IW B F le e ts ld o , 
I a u to m a tic , r a d io , p a w e r, a ir ......................................... 
J H P C h e r o k e e S, 1 -d r., 4- w h e e l d r iv e , 8 a u t o m a t ic , a ir, p o w e r 
................ 
T O Y O T A VV t a n p ic k u p , 4 s ta n d a rd , ra d io , h e a te r, a ir 
. 
F O R D F - 2 5 o * t o n X L Y 
7 4 S ty le s id e p ic k u p , B a u to m a t­ ic, a ir. p a w e r 
........ 
, _ _ 
F O R D C o u r ie r p ic k u p , 4 
7 3 s ta n d a rd , ra d io , h e a te r, t a a l box 
............. 
F O R D S F-1S O to n I W B 
7 5 
S u p e r C a b , 8 a u to m a tic , a ir. 

495 
*3468 
*1998 
*17o 5 
‘2954 
*181o 
*2o95 
*14o3 
*3298 

'73 

'74 

'74 

‘289o 

‘3992 
‘ 1997 

*3692 

*2742 

*4494 

“ Y O U C A N AFFO RD A FO RD FR O M GILLESPIE” m 
GILLESPIE® 

2 3 o o B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 

2 3 1 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 S 

2 4 1 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 - 1 4 1 9 

2 7 3 5 S.W. Military • 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 

2 o 1 4 G o l i a d R o a d • 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 

1 7 2 2 A u s t i n H w y . • 8 2 6 - 3 2 8 7 

SUPERIOR ^ 
V 
PONTIAC 

BETTER HURRY— THESE PRICES ARE FOR REALI 
REDUCED i y s r t n a L l D D I V Gmfl*f metallic brown, with rad die ton, o8 vinyl rntenor, 
P R IC E 
/ 4 O K A N r K l A *„.!* vtnvl roof, buck vt ita ly consols, power steering, pawer due brakes, factory an, W SR redial tues, lady wheels, trim rings, body side moldings, loaded, beautiful cor Stock No 4-461, Was U N S Now................. 

MISSION CHEVROLET S 

$ 5 , o o o 
PRICE REDUCTION 
SALE 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE 
ON MOST CARS • 12 MONTHS OR 
12,ooo MILES • GET DETAILS 

73 BUICK 
SM #1o-984 NOW 

*3388 

I, glacier blue, black vinyl top, custom blue interior, automatK steenng, oir, rallye wheels, very pretty, must see! Was $2995. ^ 
3 ^ 5 

 frenum * Mon dual arr condi­ tioning, M w n Mooring, aam ar broll**, rodio, 
-b ito iMewfdt*, re d to T fir* , tee* *,h**l. i.«*i control rtd*. 31 oaHon tanb, fr*U*r pock. CB 
*8695 

7 6 CORVETTE 

’ 7 4 I ' D A A l D D I V Gunmetal silver with block vinyl roof, block oil vinyl in 
/ 4 UK A It r Kl A tenor, bucket seats/consoie, tilt steering, power soot/ power windows, AM-FK stereo, loaded. Rich looking cor, Stk. No 9-871-P. W« 
$4395 Now ....................................................................................................... i * r /* B T A I I A IA * eh°f $*don. Moire yellow exterior with white vinyl roof 
/ 3 v A I A lllN i I* with natural raddle ton interior, body side moldings, remote central left side mirror, deluxe wheel covers, auto irons., power steering power disc brokes, factory air L perfect family cot. Stk No 11 - 1o4S-A 
Was Vi 791 Now................................................................................................ 
’ 7 9 I H Y I ID V 1 -‘ Mom. Sports Coupe, canory yellow with black vinyl root, black 
/ i L U A U K I all vin vt interior body side moldings, remote control, left Hand minor, po we' steering, powei brakes, factory on, rally wheels with trim rings, AM radio with stereo I troth rape plover Pretty little cor Stk No IT-ToI8-P, Wos 
$2795 Now ...................................................................................................... i « . T Z I V A T A l3*o'’° ? door Snort Coupe snow white. Wack interior new 
/ 4 I U T U I A tires automatK, on Boautirul economical cor, stork no 5-5*4. 
Wos $2895........................................................................................................ 
I * j a . r n loupe, 2 dooi hardtop medium green qreen vinyl roof green 
/ 4 U L U ) Y O luxury mtenoi oil power, en, one car stock no. II 1o16 was 
$3495 .............................................................................................................. 
I * , r t o i u n i t i i i t Coupe, diamond blue metallic, white wheels, leaded, 
/ 4 U H A N D V l l l t powei « on beautiful coupe, stock no IO 698 Wos 
$3595 ........................................................................v ................................. i v * m m f i f Bogo) J doer burgundy, metallic Mock vinyl (oaf, Mack vinyl intoner, 
/ 5 o U l V K tem race mirrors maq wheels good looking, stock no. 4-446, Wos 
$7995 
.7 7 ...................................... 
’ 7 7 D A B IT I A f k°nd Safari Station Wogon buigundy metallic, with burgundy 
/ J r U N I l A v vmyl mtenoi, 3 seatei, tilt steeling, 4M/FM, as is, stock no. ll 1o33 Wos $2395 .......................................................................... 
1 7 . D A M T I A 7 lotahno 4 door, burgundy, burgundy vinyl mtenoi. power 
/ 4 r U N I I A I . stetting automatic, body side mouldings, en power brokes, boded, fine famdy cm stock no 7 754. wos $2995 ............................................ 
4 dooc, copper color with tan interior, outomotic. 

■we*mein tron*ml**io<t. porno, xeeortwB. p*w m h-rok*. • " S " ? - norma, rome, whit* »M«woiti, AM/PM 
SOE1ft r 
•ferae. HH 
I 5 OOO mile* 
....................... O T T > 

7 5 MALIBU SEDAN traamiiiil.n, yow*. .r**rtn* —ow*, brob*.. ap (GndHioiHM, radio. wH(t* lidtwailt, cruit* 
*3695 

*4295 

*2495 

‘4495 
74 VW SUPER BEETLE <v«n*mi**ion, air tao- tgXQr fbetamfd. tun root, 194)oo mito*........................... 
2495 

7 3 PONTIAC VENTURA COUPE VZ* 
•op, 
VO, owVMMftk fro—«m is. i o— pew*- 
*«M viM , pow er brob**, mr .omtrticmmt. r««tin 

7 5 IMPALA COUPE mw-*.ml.»«on pewee sfoortrtu, pew or brob#*, air cnnrtltlen*d radio, wbir* Trt*web*, law mif*«g*..................... 

75 VEGA WAGON GT automen, tranrmi.- 
•ion, ab conditioned, radio, atap............... 

7 5 MONTE CARLO tomarie ban*mi**i<m, power .(aarinp, pawer brab*., ab conditioned radio, white .Id*woil,. buck* I f at. , AM IM tape 

7 4 LeMANS 
7 4 GRAND AM 

 c, (rawer steering, att. good family cor. stork no 5-536 A Wos $3295 .. door, copper metallic, beige vmyl roof with ton vinyl interior sty lad steel wheels, bucket seats, console, leaded, power 8 rn great loo*ma car, stock no 17-1o91 Wos $3495 ........ 

*2495 
*2525 

*2988 

*1588 t-*v* vv/MITI x r Granville atlee gold, ell vinyl rntenor, gold vmyl top, com 
/ a KUN I M v pietely loaded power mr, automatic Was $2395 NOW ..... lye /'DAUIX U U l i l t ‘ 9oor gimmetef gray, block W hmdou vmyl 
/ J vlKANU Le/Ti A N j roof Mock vmyl bucket soots, consol* end floor shirt eutemanc power steering, V-8, power brokes 6 an AM IM stereo music, tm c o t very sharp looking caupo, stock no 4 >o3-A We, $4395 ............................wd/d 
171 Cl Un/ 
7 dr hardtop, desert gold, white vmyl reef, gold 
/4 biJfUV mtenm eN vmyl, completely looded. oeeutiful luxury coupe, sn sox OO 
#IG998 Was $4295 ............................................................. 36oO 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

7 6 PORD^ANADA COUPE 

711 B R O A D W A Y 
127-So41 
92o B R O A D W A Y 

( P E N E V E N I N G S 

EXCELLENT FLEET CAR VALUES 
FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 
ALL NOW AVAlUBlf. WI O K U A CHOKE Of THE FOLLOWING: 
1976 PONTIACS G R AN PRIX 
FROM: $ 4 8 95 to $5895 
IHF DIFFERENCE BEING We hove several with the following accessories: CRUISE CON 
TROl, TUT WHEEL, SUNROOF, BUCKET SEATS, CONSOLE POWER WINDOWS SOME 
HAVE 6o 4o SEATS AU WITH AM FM STEREO!! 

1976 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREMES 
’^D4PfER£P4CE Bf ING am Em STEREO, BUCKET SEATS. VINYL TOP 
FEW HAVE VERY LOW MILEAGE1! 

FROM ; $ 45 95 to $ 5 25o 

MAGS AND A 

731 ANC 
?31 AMG 
Y7TT 
•.,vu33P2u1oc Ut.. lip miMkBTKBAirr seso ar bast offer SSS SM I j 
/h S KU Kl AKU UI 
‘el kwtiemJpr, i dr, Sir renin), i Oerter t Per so ran Wepen CeMU- 
UOOd con d itio n SSM 4o4 1445 
I M c am ouret with e v e ry c o d o l , , , w t m U r , \ r m mT e m iio c i ^ L n. , VBfV 
M m 
44 C d r , SIM OM I I H i 
T i’ A S R 'R o rn ^ T M e * pew H r., exoellew t^ get^ raiteppe. A s b ie p 732 BMCI 

>> A M I $ p o rfA b o u T ~ 5 N o ee 7 .>Y I T O f P ^ 3 M r T i n N M r o 6S3S 
Rowin’, on, auto Wood or oui UM-1* pose , Pum pbm . Tan vm vI Ri­ el sides lug /ach Lew m tleepe 'te n o r, ISI Ib e rro i. A ir, pow er. 
U H S 
>4)4144 otter ti parties* U A M mikes KxceMeni coedit ma weekends ie v e SOM Buy d in ct from owner 
"-i: u . u j t : : 1 
1 Attar SPM m e o n 

T m m m 
S S i T 
^ t S 
N B O T f ir g t l T T U B Y T O K U T " railes, re oi barpain. term s hen- j 
I deer, leaded ....... IW M ra n t )4 4 -taro 
I t o m a s x i o m i m p o r t s , h o c . 
Y T S W W t t H , I auforau n T -T M l • f ,*fS 
***»-£■ £&? 
H L i'2 

1 r - l 
7 3 B u i c k C e n t u r y 
J * ® 
J D eer. im peed co n d itio n , low power Good Car* 114*5 t» A 5 )l7 m iMeae U A M Must S4N 1 
Owner 
: 
454 )144 or 44I-4T1I 
6 Temli«, V I, int, v#rv W een., 4; B u ic i.'T ! c y l . n e e d s som e with tape, SPM 411-4471 work. 5/5 til itll 

- T T L V i m i n i l k n w r w m . " , , ir . i 
» 
Cen 4*4 ais? 

'ft g re m lin , v#liow S fa n C 

B i m 

75 Bukh Reaei Landau, V-B, OU 
•omotK power toctory on, ‘JI ire arise Like now |4)*5 Witt trode tlHMl 
IU ICI/ Rlvieio laodcd teat cond I-owner. Boa Jon mix. 
)>4-41ll. SSS >144 

732 WICK 

7 1 SKYLARK C O N M f IRIE immaculate condition Local ow nm Ask tor ART. S2875 Cell im-iiM 

71 SKYLARK COUPF S138o 
Caid an. law miles tit 4*5* 

733 CADILLAC 

T T T U 'l g K f f c v h a w li'.'V L , OH' aowor, auto. does I.') loll, 
4M- IMS eves 

VT. 
Am pm rad*#, air coad 11,BM rn Hrs »)**) o5 > PPM 
7o-HornJ tST < door loedo/ 
I/,MO im BU I)?* ii MAYAdoY’ ^M-PM stereo. 
Cruise Ceatroi, tilt wNoet, full 
O le * COSSU,( a b p V . P M 
WB BW 

 luppape rack, lifts 

5)4*5 
171X36.,- . w s slumlord 
Ready ta pot MW, Ptl-O/B* 

I M M U M M * to eau 
IS l i t 1444 
IkPdlSS OOM) bias 

 m un 
Mi tit! 
'll ftulcl loiohrt 4-irTalr'. j aam ti brokes, steer la# AM PM star ae, I5.BM rai jilM 4«l 34ov I 
75 Buick LeSokre 4 dr"', air, i aowor brokes, sfeertoR. AM PM st or aa, N M OM MIM MI 14M j 
■ 
It IU Vt if TTmiIe«(~oTT'i)ewer. elbe dwa tim PD-7174 
I 
■7^ iaicN llmilioJ, leaded, very ciowa. SUM 4M-MBI- 
74 Bltkk Lo*us wepon. f pasT ’ tn 
* * 
' j 

 n a r o r B y E r T Bood' con JI 
HOA Wide tiros, rat sad roar oad 
SSPS M1-14M 
W M ttvlarnrr en taplCVY automatic, aowor, factory air, stereo too* tow mtieate oxcop honaiiv cioaa 77 license 114*5 wdi trode MDM) 
ImcWliWtorb I deer hordOa power .ivtrine, air, aute Be- tremeiv mc# See to appreciate. 
Sacrifice First St7*5 4*4 IM7 
7nui7gTCVLA*K LAiibiiit 
IMPI 
MI 14)5 l l Buick iky la rh !-Jr,air, power steerm«. auto MIM 144-7*o7-5 

~n'iuigk ibor'i' WaMViwr 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS, INC 
PIM SAN PE ORO 
MI HM 
'6* cibctrp, 4 Adorn(i aowe'r, 
OXCbfibWt, 5B7| 141-6515 
•ii Bibctrb Adl., bul* . fully loo bod Very cMmn IMS «n best offer 444 5454 
Yoke ever 
CON Ernie. 

[Ii Ikytari 6l Leeks need. neoSs 
SMM werk SBM Ii) 5415 
T ik i Over Pdvmebts en 75 
Bdfrtt Le SdBnt, I4S-M7B. 

’n . . . i i ; 

MI 
IM Hum tm to CAU is ilk ieee 
IkPbftk AMO MW! 

733 CADUAC 

7 ' m B T o : p r ft.UIU. le i.. with white tup f xcclient cern lion May be seen et IIM Mf 
HKikobfdd SWM 7 IU ill ii IbdHlbC. bpi*, newer, clean, 
BIM M*-MI>. 

I 
72 CADILLAC S189Q 
CiomiRuas 
Good-1 
Mi* 

Caupo boy Wa. Imp mile.be Ibid tor SD,MS Take u r n rn u h 
TT? A B I L I A c T O T F i 6 EVI L 11 
21,OM rn tie. brand now Mn noun tiros Immocuiol* condition! 
Wine rod wtfh white accent stripe aa side, ond white elk prom lop 
LO AON Du Coll' I 414 Im biter 
Ii: p.m. 

JJAMISON M«rs twain 111 SMI 

14,468 mi warranty 111-81*7 
"""'"tHrTYT’TTO------- 

11*71 C a d illa c B l D orad o, fu lly loodbd. bast after *57 )444 
H C o iillb c E ID orebo C o n v e rt 
Me 
Lew m iles, excellent cand 
414-74*4 c A b lL L A c B ld o ro io , )* 7 ir$ u a roof, m ini condition 
SSI*). 
4*4-5311 i T 'f A B I L L A g . I x c e ll.n f con j, fla b , b o d y a b d in t e r io r , baw tra n sm issio n b ra n d bow tiro s l 
I H M M OOdidO. SSM 47P-7H) 

69 CADILLAC SI28o 
One owner T a w m iles As line at there ISH SM S*!* si T X 'S 'lL lA g . runs, haw tiros 
ISI SSM i i i Mi At, »> to** 

ONE LIFT!! I 976 PONTIAC FIREBIRD - SACRIFICE AT $4BS8 
IHI*, C A R IS W HITE H A V i u C K l T SPA T S- A M , TM ST ER EO ! TIU W HEE I .IA U | O M A H Q , iA W 
; P l) w e r b ra k e s . p p w E R S t e e r in g r \ / 
, 
* i t 
, 
. 

1976 AM C GREMLIN 
FROM: $ 2 7 5 o to $2995 
THE DIFFERENCE BEING POWER STEERING, AM FM STEREO ANO THE MILEAGE ALL 
HAVE AIR, & AUTOMATIC 
1976 AM C FACER 6 CYLINDER 
FROM: $ 3 o o o TO $ 38 5o 
THE DIFFERENCE BEING VINYL TOP, AM FM STEREO 
X ’ PACKAGE, RAILEY PACKAGE 
SOME ALUMINUM STYLE WHEELS ALL HAVE AIR, AUTO 

7 4 CADILLAC 83496 

SACRIFICE PRICE 
C A L L : 
SIS-1441 I 

75 CADILLAC SED Deville 
La rat W arranty TAS-41V7 i v V j H H M B I — 
4 Door. BkC4liant Candil,un ST 156 
Devs «*4 MS*. N i.n ts ev4 AOI* 

IJ C oom B b V M T J U i* mi w ill 
T ok* T r o d e , S1»7I. St IS R ed 
Mpwb, SI) ISO! n r r r e u F i b i v i l i i gan,Pi. 
NrlveoiMPOed Like new! I M I U lt 
T iTSDTRf Bf V TT l l , Uoo ~ 
S*t54 or best ofter 
124-o441 
'Vi tmmm DbVikb. 41 
Ik iv 
Tab# tra d # ! SJ*75 S i IS R a d l y M i i i|l,tAA8 

 m s u i i t D B VIL L f -------- 
KMM96*oo4o. S44M CbCbNbhf 
Only PIM ratios t a t m 

Vt G R AD UATION GIFT PROBLEMS t i 
THINK ABOUT A 1976 CHEVROLET CHEVETTE HATCHBACK 
(8) TO CHOOSE FROMM AIL EQUIPPED THI SAMEK 4 SPEED, 4 CYLINDER, AM RADIO 
NONE OF THEM HAVE THE FOLLOWING, AM-FM STEREO, AUTOMATIC, AIRM 

BUDGET RENT A CAR 

3 3 8 N O R T H E A S T L O O R 4 1 o 
M i l D O N H A M I LECT M A N A G E R 

FLEET SALES 

S A N A N T O N I O , T E X A S 
3 4 4 - 4 4 4 I 

‘2295 
7 3 PONTIAC GRAN AM i rnikUan, paw er .le erin g , paw er brakes, air rowdttWwd, radio, w h ile u d * w * ll. 
A M FM i n * * - 
•ferae tape, bucket s a a t a ........................................ 
/ZY5 

7 3 VEGA HATCHBACK tM o - cendihened, radio, w hite sid e w all. 
................... 
1495 
76 MALIBU WAGON 

; paw er b ra h a . aw ronthuoaoJ, radio, >6 2 9 5 

 with beig* vinyl 
•■P, 
VO, a v n m o rk 
Iran Mn,*,ten paw er 
•reartnp, pawa r br a k a . air catMliiionad. radio. 
• * * * * - whit* iM a w a b * ................................. 
4495 
7 5 FORD TORINO SEDAN iX L J t " 

 d h » , ,^ K : s s S s i e t a r b'*h-* ^ w 
*2995 
75 CHRYSLER CORDOBA 

•uiam anr rranum .U on paw er i l u r b . , paw er brako. air cendrtiawad. 'CO,*, w hir. .rd*w all. 
, . . _ _ 
A M /PM M aroa, .rut** c a m .a l.................................*4495 
75 mown u n to 

 mw.ion, paw er M n r b | , paw er W ok * ., a i, coe- d ro n e d , radio w M ia * ia* w .U . 
*4295 
’75 MONTF CASIO *“ • 

 n ihil* ,i, paw er M n r b f , paw er brahat, air can. dhiened. radio, whit* M daw aUt burk*I **er* 

75 AMC MATADOR 
“ 
T X X 

 ad , rad la. w b if. 

^ x 
*1995 

75 MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN 

V A aura aura . tranw uhdan paw er 
.t**.m a. ' paw ar breba*, a h m d m r . . radio, w hha li do w ad*. crvtM caravel, tm w h e a l................... 
3695 
74 NOVA SEDAN ^ l wkite 

J s r a J S T 
* T T T 4: *2695 

74 IMPALA SEDAN 
^ 
*2695 
74 OLDS OMEGA Z U & S & S tS g : 

*4295 

7 4 I M P A L A 4 hwvdiap biwa VB, automan. i ’m i m r M R * « « * ( ..* ,, p * « « „ * .h w , 

■lr ca edit m ned. radio, now white 

73 IMPALA SIDAN *•*" 
« 
•veer m am J - W N r t araamrai* 
> *n*miMiar, 

73 FORD TORINO COUPE a’T ,H...ZZ 
• kM raM *. poorer brab * ., a b ,.e bra« uad! 

*2695 

*2295 

*229§ 

44*-PM. I 

733 CABlllAC_________ 
C o » ra e T 5 e 9 B r^ T ^ W !B e ri!^ n ^ bv au trtu l t o r M f 7 «2 i 
~>o g f l U F I b e V I U T --------- 

733 CABKLAC 

II4Oo >44 a v 

 i r r i b o s . o a T T T Y T 
Coll M I )*>l 
74 g l 6 b rb 3 e c a n v a r ! ,b lb ,7 ir em,si rad, m int *55 /144 
T T I io b iT I O T ------------- 
Mf IN M U far 521*5 M f 1474 
‘T i" ' F le e t vvo n o 
I r a u f it e m dClbdence. ieedbd. I berber, im m dtu iaib . 54,MB Mi-4124 B v a h m at. M f 47*7 
LuiU iry ifY I Rloefwaad b , . . n 
. d et* ben ie 4 dr a ll en ,>b 117 *)4d br 124-4444 

1974 REIL B WHTIE CAO 
B L O O R A D O C O N V E R T IB L B 11 
Mae evaryfhibdtf 
Celt 
John 
MI-4111 

14 io d a n D eVtlla Ii,BOO m iio T 
Itll# Fstfvu fonrt EVM 181 
’ r n * m b k m n u n u t — 
71 < a a lilac D eville bed , r a d ia ls . excel SITH, 4*4 5144 

 in a n n u l _______________ 
'T Y ld S T T T S n T fb b T T T n T 
Lauded et* *447 
(a n sw e r l iB B H B iH 

 f l M f i i ONO b i W I 

 n r — m n 
_____________ 

74 L u in a r e . b k c e tle n r cen b rtran f T 
. ~ fu lly l o b o * , law m i le a g e c art 
1,11 
C H tlilu ic T 
4 * 6 * 1 4 * a lle r I p m . mm.mm ...T i i j i i u , n «fAf3'i » o ~ f ^ a r*' d ~ x ¥ r . ~; o v e r e e e , s i l v e r , b l a c k le g 
1)7 4 4 *1 ; 1)7 7224 

_____________________ 
58951 

’** 7o4o ITB COUP! S i S T I.: beira ii ah *1.im, pawer eseerlap, pawer braaa*. mr 
.andhiawed, radM. whhe X r d b 
’ 
*1295 
’44 CH4TUH WINDSOR SIDAN E Zm . m rah 
- n im l.- L .., paw er 
» artat , paw ar 

 frtrAte%, air re&m ttd# w rtfti iSrOOO matte* , . . . .'.7 
^ 
^ o 9 5 

M 
I S S I O 
N 
PHONE 
9 26-2311 
CHEVROLET 
12oo S.E. Militu 
% a u l 

 m 
(rrffVHUIT 

7$ g am ere I T paufM M K la g t power, m r, duals esellen i tend a aul! awner l l ) 74)4 t f e if M 
W linXkVVTi------------- 
4,Md mt SM 4 bbl ch,la. .e w e r bi I, NM wheat a m in , stereo, lobe sport wheels, stiver Wee m a tin 
M d vetoer interior W eir only i i i 
Sept t i F a c to ry nslT M I O AS. sen tms weak amy I H M ***-di*4 
IflMfNa 
I__________ 

Ti C A M A R O LT m u s t s i l l r n iM i 

 m r F I W / W 
T T b b w f l" , f i r 
414 *5 4 5 4 *5 14*4 
_________ 
’ #1 " It a rn a r a' po a Ie r"“ » I * e i i a a" brefcet, a ir, rear speakert, ivy erean with while vw.vi real Bast otter, 1M -4PS*____________ l l C o m b re RaUy ip e r l Ceupe, ar iam bi owner, taw nu air, A M 
Fan ra d io , bow er b ra k e s d a d steerin g vm yl rebt, m int coed t i 444 M I 1714 

J * *- * M * * OS I c y lin d e r 
S U L L Y L Q U ip P iO M i 1415 er r A U A H 5 TU ' I speed * blue buckets e .ira dean 4*» a .id im a 

■•HTla n M r b 'T M * L Y M v e r r»d, leaded m i n ) I H I41 

'-T f c a m e ia i i i V I auto aa m r, A M P M . IS S N m r §V, 
*»"»• H p I n e t lent i 
V4475 SM f i n , e t) lit e 
M T a ra e ra V I, s tu n j i i new b re i U A M nu W ell a iib b h i l a a t r y j f i 

BOHUS ADS 
■SA VIN G S! 
• 
• 
• 

2 
L I N E S 
IO DAYS 
Hew 
* 7 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L ! 
CANCELLABLE 
I WITHOUT 
RATS CHANGE 
225* I OOO 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 m m 
"ll DEMONSTRATOR SALE! 

77 DOOSE ASPEN 
4-DOOR SEDAN 
77 DODGE MONACO 
2-DR. HARDTOP SEDAN 

Small V8, air, pow er, autom atic, solox tinted glass, vinyl interior, wheel covers, w hitew all tires. Silver w ith Blue vinyl roof. 

I al awn af Near Car War Maty lemetaing 

Very lo w Mileage— All Extras. Save! 

Botone* of New Car Warranty Bargaining 

77 DODGE CHARGER 
2-DOOR HARDTOP 
77 DODGE ASPEN 
4-DR. STATION WAGON 

Two to choose from. You w ill be proud to own a beautiful Charger and Save Several 
Hundred Dollars! 

I aloose af Now Car Warranty Remaining 
Just the Right Size— Not too big or too 
Small! Fully equipped. Save. 
Rglance af Mew Car Warranty Remaining 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY 
O P E N 

E V E N IN G S 
227-2281 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

3 1 7 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
1 2 ,o o o M L /1 2 M O . 

CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 

SERVICE AGREEMENT 

O N MOST 7 7 , 7 6 , 

7 5 , and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

 court DeVIUi 
Our Hut .. 
WUU 
Stfw Silw 

 l l DORADO tvorytvory ... 

ELDORADO 

M 1 ,7 o o 

*1 o ,5 o o 

‘ 1 o ,8 5 o 

 w Z Z L . ‘ 1 7 ,5 o o 

‘ 1 o ,9 5 o 

. *9 9 5 o 

 l l OOH ADO ted (Arte 

(HOUGHAM 

7 7 

7 6 

76 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

7 6 

75 

7 5 

75 

7 5 

 court m u u 
J J Hut Out......... 

 i f J U H T M H U 
/ 4 Out H ut........ 

O D E H 
SALE 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 
MOTOR INSURANCE CORPORATION 

7 6 BUICK 
Pork Avenue, 4 door hordlop, power, 18,ooo mile* ................ full ‘6 9 5 o 

74 OLDSMOBILE 9 8 fuM power, 3o,ooC miles . 

 luiury 
Sedan, brown and while, '4 2 5 o 

SLOAN M i l l ! atule due ... 

 court Demit 

 court De VUU 
Oh rte atule . 

 court De VUU 

 court MULE 
(tut a tu le ........ 

 court De VUU iMcwoed atule 

 eldorado atule atule 

HOUGHAM due Hue ........ 

SIDAN M H U 
Orengt a t u l e . 

SLOAN DeVUlt 
Green atule . .. 

'8 8 9 o 

*9 8 5 o 

*9 6 9 o 

‘9 7 5 o 

‘9 7 5 o 

‘8 9 9 5 

•7 9 5 o 

‘8 2 9 o 

‘ 7 9 5 o 

‘ 7 9 9 o 

‘6 7 9 o 

‘ 5 9 5 o 

734 CHEVROLET 

T i C h e v re t! M alibu Clo vert Law m ile a g e . N o e q u ity . A ssu m e payments. Coll B ravo *22-431o or 
*23-4o11 
•^'C h e v ro le t Novo V-8. ouloom tic, power foe to ry a ir. new Hres. 
77 license 
$27*3 
W ill trade 
o23-ISSI 

 i W 
't t l I V I 6 L fc t 'rto n p le L -o p . 
LA B , Call t-443-4874. ir tR iy fK V T v i auto 
>334 
H M I l l 
•7J Chevy Caprice, 4 door. Fully 
" ............... 
M IM . 4o4-3171 

 i v , ess U S'S/ Century lulus Wagon, beige, power tm • c n i 
75 BUICK and air. luggage rock 
A I DU 

7 5 CHEVROLET 
‘"‘ ‘36oo1 
1 7 1 a i n r s i A n i i r Cutlass Supreme, ? door 
74 ULD>IVIUBILI power ond on, brown and 5^45o I 

» 7 J a i u n # U W m ' 2<Jow- Wu* ^ 
> 7 i e n ' 
/ ** O U lV .IV power windows ond wots, iteroo. 
U t J U 

1 7 4 r u r u o m 
C T *lovo, 
2<loof tatdibock, 
# 7 V n s V R w U I green and white, p i ' ) g g 7 ( | ond aa, 25,ooo miles 
A O / J | 

’ 7 3 B U IC K 
4 ^oo' hofd,cp' <uh 

 fW A r>t l i n t l,J °hre, 4 door, blue end while. 
/J DU ILK power ond mr, electric tool, low >2J7J| 

7 4 OPEL automatic ond on 2 door, burgundy, $227 5 

7 2 BUICK K J E r " ’ *""* PO-' ond OU »2 I OO I 

’69 BUICK s s * # * 
5 - r " ’’ ‘ 12751 
7o Usod Cars to Choose From 

>285o 

6 9 DODGE IS T . J T X 

H 
U 
I G 
K 
C 
O 
. loaded 13.o9o mi 
674 OMI 
'V j C H IV Y C a p ric e 
E sta te w a g o n , e p a s s e n g e r, p o w e r sleerng, brakes, auto. air, >1*oo. firm . 149 2474 
7 ~ - h"e(7V Irn p o lT T i , hrdlop, 
V I. auto. pow er. a ir. exce lle n t 
Lew nu *23o$ 734-o344 
~ lf H I W Im p a la ] by ow ner, auto, pow er, o lr $1,ooo m l. Im ­ maculate cond $147$ Urns. Capl. 
Thompson 4$3-Slte 
■47 C hevy Im p a la 
B es! o ffe r. 
Coll 474-1 $$o. 
74 Chevy Im polo, 4 door, loaded pym ts 
$2ooo eguify 

P l ORO 

JACK RIEGER CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH 

S H O O S A N M I D B O 

O T H H K M A K I S 

Mf RC UHT Cougar 

7 4 

 due While 

VOLKSWAGLN 
‘ 5 5 5 o 

‘2 4 9 o 

 assume 
434 oo17 y f f t - e ; 1; Im polo Wagon U M m l , g ir, pow er. C ru ise , clean. 
$22oo or best ofter e t*-MIO 
'49 CH EVY Im pala 
127 i'o w er# ude, $22$. $31-4441 eves i UTT Ko^v Wol tb" Aff-9 m. power disc brakes. 4 sem i new 
M ich e iin e tire s , $ 2 ,tfo . or best offer 7311444 Must sell 
76 CHEVY MALIBU 
CLASSIC } DOOR COUPE 
Au lom ahc. o lr. F u lly loaded1 Lew m ileage Like new ................. $4749 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
1*o1 t a M ilita ry 911-6317 
’44 Chevy M alibu ftooa condition, orig owner 424 7o44 
Chevy Mu.,bu SI34J air, unto clean 433-I441 i i Chevy Neva 4 cylinder slan dard $37$ COH *$3-4119 
TTfWITYTJETOTTTT!------ 
14 doer. 1 J door. aute air, radio, low m i BSI IE ta . 7)2-o291; Pat 
424 4733 eves 
I t Chevy H olton Wagon. 16 pas 

FOR RIATA’S 

S P E C IA L 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 RIATA o r 2 2 7 - 4 2 4 3 

 an Angor! longer L o o d o d " 3* SO-474-3*94 t i Chevy ^lo tio n W o jo rT M 

MLW and PRE-OWNiD 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon.-frl. S A.M. 
O pen 

Sot. 
To 6 W M . 
8 A .M . t o 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORSu 

 n r atrop in 
.......... 

CAPRICE CLASSIC 1474, ■jT oB m ile* Leg dad, must soh. take up paym ent* M usi ask tor Ona H ell/ 
I2 3 IM I 
/ ! g l F » l g r <!i-iltlG c e u T « ~ ^ pow er, au te , a ir, A M -fm . lew m ileage, vin yl Ie * >2**1 734-4444 
• t "fo p / Ko. 1 ow s r s a r g a g lamed, lee dad $149$ *»4-M*2 
*4 Ceerlce Very geed lire*,' very good road $4oo * » IM I 
41 Cheve!Ie, new i i i CU In e n fin * 
A u l* V ery d e a n SOJO 4*o 4o74 after 4 weekdays i f ^ M * V I L I T needs •# *+ 
1*1 ** 
342 M i I 

. _____ 
______ 6 CVI 
$4oo 422 3441, 633 *211 
•Vi Chevy Vego EsceiivTTT. ona lion, low mites. 63S-I6U. 
‘*1 it he w W ove y I oT.io >u die, healer , mr **»$ eie 2o*o________ 
I A I C h e W Woeon. t passenger. 
|$$*t. 344 172* 
1 T T f H l W ^e g e n T S -se a fs p e w it s te e rin g , b ra k e s , s te re o , a ir I 
1491-t m . 341-4323 
Chron 1*7* U t * I t o r * Af 
1 BUOGET RENT A CAE 14* 4443 I 
I 334 N E Lee# 41o OI A irp o rt Blvd 
I 
YITWFaLa * DOOP------- 
Assume Rev merit*. *2* $42* 
J i'm p oTo j dee r b e rd fo * o il power OU 424 *36$. 4»$ 4o$4 
-• ~ m y“ ia 4 dr ] Vs. aute.. gg*3 irgnspertgtion $37$ 432 1127 t i ItA P A Ia . excellent condition 
I Air power , auto low mr I owner 
1*11*1 tx* u.*2 
_____ 
M im p o i# 14,1oo m l aute IM V I. 
I err $342$ *$*-2*31_______ 
44 Im p e r.) i t 
L e w m il* ! , I o w n e r 
R e d ia l* , m e g *, e x tra 
I f lean t/oe 341-(EM. l l IM P A LA , standard. I dr- new lire*, rune gggd. *41o 453 27*4 
■ to (moola v la u N . Sir new tires. 
$*oo 21) 234$ after $ yma?i a 'wia6w------- 
Green, loaded 
................... lit e * 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS. INC 
»*oo SAN PEDRO 
341 ISS* t i KTngswood I s le t * W agon 

 y r C O O B A , t a i ntr, newer Heart* a. brake*, seen, m 
. .A— .JO. 
A JI.- .. V- JIL. AA, ....... V st - - j— A-.-I--- 
9 TW RMNNMPS MPB fPNWI/ mm. 
9Mwio9Sn WIVPfWa« 
A ta * f | * | f 
W M adat. taiew beek et......................... 4 /9 5 

I tory Weeee, sold egw be ne. 
■ M l ta e l dean wttb rock en . . . . . tap. feed e a te r.............................................................. 
4 / 9 5 

FVYMOUnt 
7 5 t a i e l 

7 5 
AUST A M Mm * ■ M g tita irb , M S V-A 
9 V-AoRRtne. 1 tope deck, A p 

VALIANT Dueler, sleet A, Mr end power, 
‘3 6 9 5 

‘2 7 9 5 
CUTLASS (X) tapreete lader, MMS, Mae 4-deer. ISMS. Belk 
/ 4 wee arab pit, |f |MWGt #NNICI(UR| RMM! 

 ty m Co8M9A rn * rn cmd fw m , m al *fc«rp, W if i 
9 of mtew* HMhWlSf* VlNTf IfMNOW jpflfll* 
. ‘4 2 9 5 

OTHIR MAKIS AND MODIU 

7 1 H N H ) W a g o n , v e ry d e w . .1 2 9 7 . 7 1 C N tY S lfR 

C tm o m . i - A e o r . . .$ 1 3 « S . 
7 2 
FINTO 

 a h , a a te m e d k .. 4 1 I t s . 7 2 IO Y O U C o ­ 

 e lia , o h a a d 
BOt w A o h c - . 4 m 
S . 
7 1 
F IY M O U T H 

W a g o n .. 4 1 « H . 7 1 K N tO T o n n e W a g o n .. 4 1 1 M . 

7 2 
D O D G f 
U H 
W a g o n .. 4 9 9 S 
7 2 
C H R Y S Ltt sHarg.. 4 1 5 9 5 . 

ALWAYS 

A B f T T I K b u 'Y 

A t J A C K R K G iR V 

A n d y : 227*444 
L ea ded, e x c e lle n t m e c h a n ic a l s h e p e i 4 1pp weekdays I ta I 
- l iY f C I S rW B g l l f t l T I ll You Have A la b end SIM 
Me Can SOLL You A C a rn 
CLARK S AUTO SALES 
1*14 West A y* 
7)4 7*o* r r a r n i i r s u ! * 

CADILLACS 

•74 Monte Carlo oil power, arr, till w h e e l, A M -F M s te re o ra d io , 
424 9563, **$-4o14________________ 

7 3 MONTE CARIO $268o 
Black-maroon int clean, 433-144I n 6 EO UITY 
73 CAMARO 
_________ Call 914-3426 
‘Vo Nova Coupe 6 cvl floor shift, loaded new tire s . $ *5o, H a n k ; 
337 3243 326 Gayle_______________ 
>i Nova, i dr., V i. standard, o ir, good cond $473. 436 o52o 
‘i i Nova H a tchb ack, cute, o ir. power, Good cond. 454 oo7o______ 
197* Novo Hatchback. Only HOO m l., s till u n d e r w a rra n ty . A ir pow er, autom atic. E q uity *1ooo, lake over paym ents Call 534-9474 otter 5 ond weekends___________ 
'71 N bVA hatchback power, air, b u c k e t se a ls, ra lte y e w h e e ls, 
424-*$45, 6*3-4o34 
7bys Nova, SS. 

■TS FORD T BIR D 
— -am m u 
2-door hardtop. VS. cruise cuntrol. ISH • R n L u K r am Im Stereo tape. m oon ro o f. ' mmmtmmmmtmmmmtmm 
[a lu m in u m w heels, po w e r door locks, oir, clim ate control, power steering, brakes, seats, windows, 
G rey vin yl roof, grey lu x u ry in lie n o r , c a rp e tin g fu lly loaded 
'17,ooo m i. e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
4*2-2732; 224 1431 
F ord Y orino, 1*7o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 2 7 I 9 7 7 

1748 • TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 746 
TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 746 
TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. RUSES 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

 v r i o r s t d 
After 5 : 227 344o________________ 
47 Ford Van, new engine, tran s­ m ission, and tires. Equipped for c a m p in g , 11o v hoo kup. $7oo. 
*23-o14o ar 453-7*16. ofter $. 

H atchback, V -i. outo. power, a ir, AM -FM, bucket se a ts, l i l t s te e rin g , good gas 
I mileage $3,123 1-62* 242*_______ 
I ‘7$ Nova SS, low m ileage, m ust sell Coll ofter lp m . 444-342) 
S a c rific e '73 Wove H lch b k VS. looded, new tires 6*1-114o 

E X E C U TIV E L O W M IL E A G E A U T O S 
7 6 % 7 5 % 7 4 % 7 3 % 7 2 ’* , 7 1 ’* 
F le e tw o o d ’* , D e V ille * , El D o r a d o * 

S o m e a s n « w , A ls o L in c o ln s , 
O ld s a n d o th e r 

F in e c a rs a n d 
S t a t io n 
W a g o n s 
A T 
G R E A T 

S A V IN G S , 
S H IP M E N T S 
A R R I V IN G 
W E E K L Y 

F R O M S E V E R A L O F T H E L A R G E S T C a d illa c , L in ­ 

 c o ln , c m d O ld s D e a le r s in t h e N a t i o n , c h e c k o u r 

 lo w p r io r s o n d W a r r a n t y . 
2 8 o 3 S .W . M IL IT A R Y D R . 
P H O N E 9 2 3 - 5 9 5 5 

Take over payments on ‘74 Chevy 
Nova. No equity Call 424-76o6 ask for Dennis A fter 4: call 636 4321 t i V e g a C t 
Aute, oir. clean $12*$. 4*4-6276 
■73 Vega GT H a tch b a ck, w hite w ith block stripe, radio, heat, air, 
4 on Moor, $2$o und er re to ll at 
$13oo. 341-o42*_______ 
•t4 Vego GT Wagon. Auto., rack, stereo ta p e d e ck. E x tra cle a n . 
$141o 533-337o 
7) Vega H a ichba ck E xce lle nt 
4 sad $1ooo Att. $: 654 6377 
74 V E d A RAMBACH. outo excellent cond, 17,ooo mi. 
624 24oo 

 ofr. 
S1993. 

73S CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
CHRYSLERS 
PLYM OUTHS 
DODGE and GMC PICKUPS 
423 No. M ain Boerne 249-3344 
D IRECT LIN E : 224-331$ 
7* C h ry s le r C o rd o v a . U ,o o o m iles, loaded, going overseas 
Pickup payments. 
*23-3224 
274-o*36 
7$ CHRYSLER CORDOBA " 
Low mileage, am tm stereo 
6S3 o2*4 eves, weekends 
77 C H R Y S L E R N ew Y o rk e r 
Loaded including CB. 3.ooo miles 
$479$. 222 *424 atter $, anytim e weekends. 
•iTcHRVsLEk New V6r k e6 
P a rtia lly re. Eves ond weekends 
661-2*38 
H T h r y s I f r M e w v 6 * k e * 
BROUGHAM fully loaded, includ­ ing ste re o , t ilt and te le s c o p ic wheel leather Interior, split seots. 
Call; Louis G arcia 
............... $38*5 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1324 NE Loop 41o 
MO-3)14 i i C hrysler hew port, 4 door, ex­ cellent condition, $7oo. 341-4778 
68 CHRYSLER 3oo Sport coupe! 
Clean $49S. 3*4-372* 
I V £ H ft V i L E R 
S T A T IO N 
WAGON MUST SELL. 222 1342 

Ti FO ttD wagon. Fully equipped, excellent condition S22-e$47 

74 FORD WAGON 
Must sell. leaving country! 
E x c e lle n t co n d . B e st o ffe r . 
6SS-1461 eves 
T i 6 a la x ie $oo C o u n try Sedan 
Wagon, looded, $13*3 661 6378. 
6* Golaxie, 4 dr , by owner, good solid cor $$*$ 344-1436 
47 d a ia x y SOO 
E x c e p tio n a lly clean, air, auto., 344-131*. 

1977 M A R , LOADED 
6,ooo miles. $4,ooo. Coll 
John 
341 SIH 
_________________ 
'4 * C o u g a r, p o w e r w in d o w s . power steering, ond brakes Air, red w ith b la ck v in y l ro o f. FM stereo See to appreciate! 224-4*34 
73 Cougar V8. auto . power, vinyl top. 3o,ooo m i. V e ry good cond 
$215o 824 *444________ 
'7o Cougar KR 7 331 Cleveland, paw er steering, brakes A ir, au- lom otlc. 3*7S 341 7o*1___________ 
'76 COUGAR XRT, needs some w ork, tst, $8oo 349-2674 
<^6 u 6 a r 
X R f 'f lT P iTF T O 
Loaded 
TA KE UP PAYM EN TS 
Must Ask For Don H o ltl 223 65o1 

 ix y $o loaded $i*»S 65) 66)7________ 
76 GRANADA, 4-<ir>or, 6-cylind«r, autom atic, air, w ill help finance. 
Coll Woody 433 1464____________ 
77 6 RANADA New, won in con­ fest! iP rlced to sell!! 636 86*4 
75 
G ra n a d a 
Take o v e r payments. Call: 344-7465 otter » 
75 GRAN TORINO 
” 
E xcellent Condition. $2,3oo 
Days 494 343*. Nights 4*4 6o86 
'74 GRAN TORINO Wagon 
Take over paym ents, no equ ity coll Credit M anager, 349-6*48 
75 G RAN Y o rin o , low m ile a g e , extra clean, 225 7*o*. 
75 LTD B rougham 2-door hard- 
•op, loaded, take up paym ents, no equity. E rnie 681 3871___________ 
'76 LTD B roug ham . L ik e new. 
13,ooo m l., loaded. AM FM stere, c ru is e c o n tro l. 
L is t: 
$72oo, socritice at $38oo 341 o3o3 
72 LTD. Brougham , fu lly loaded, t r o lle r k it , n ew fir e s . $1,*75 
4*5-33*8 I owner 
'74 LTD C ountry Squire Wagon! 
Loaded, new ru bber E xce lle nt. 
*35oo 1-312-*97-37*7 
--------------- 7 tL T D .T d o o r-------------- 
$1o*5 call 341 3*33 
75 LTD, 4 door, loaded CB radio, e xce lle n t co n d itio n . Bv ow ner, 
$33oo 
6*1o 
San 
Pedro; call 
822-*93* 
**" L f 6 4 do o r h e w b a tte ry . 

Hertz Is SeHiRg Quality 
Used Cors From Our Rental Fleet 
(1*76 Used) 
1331 SOUTH TE R M IN A L 
For Inform ation Coll 82**645 
^ M a r q u is Brougham Excellent cond , 4 dr., a ir, good tires $1o3o. 
634 2713. 

'4* M arauis. Power, rodio. healer, air 383o *22 132* 
W 3 M ercu ry (tapri, gine, arr, nev 
6*6 312$. 
~ 
M Ei7dUR V Cougor' x fe 7 Ful 
Iv equipped, b ro w n , w h ite top 
337 86*3; 337 722*. 

DOOSE 

‘73 C hallenger, power steering, b ra k e s , a ll a c c e s to rie e 
W SR tires. 
E xtra clean 
M ust sell) 
724-6*56____________________ 
'73 C h a lle n g e r. L o o d e d ! C a ll 
224-4622, David. 
7$ Charger excellent condition 
653 8211 or 828 85o3______________ 
'** Charger nod condition $»v$ 
Coll 34? 11*7____________________ 
*9 C harger 
R e b u ilt eng.Tnew irons $5oo os is 828-4646________ l l C h arg er SE, auto, a ir, new fires, good condition, 
$2,2oo. 
344-1*21 

 tires 385o 6*9-o7*2 i i L Y d i (T r' J $ i, v i a u fo power, air S ilver $2*3o *17 5* 1? 
1$ L t 6 Landau. 4-doar loaded, take up payments, no equity, coll 
Ernie, 661 387) 
________ 
73 LTD Wagon, tape deck, new battery, rodlals.brokes ,376oo 
684-8o3o 
7o M A V E R IC K , 4 c v l needs work 3*oo *27 73o4 eves________ 
74 M averick 4 floor, io ,OOO miles 
One owner. $229$. 828 *33$ after 7 
6*6 o3o3 
_____________________ 
M averick ‘71, 4 door, auto air. 6 cyl..radio and heater. Good tam e 
Iv cor 3*5o *13-o734____________ 
M A V F ftlcW i-d r Looded 
TAKE UP PAYM EN TS 
Must Ask For Don Holtr 22$ 6*o1 
74 M a ve rick, Owner 

7 6 MERCURY CoU6ARXR7 
A M -F M S tereo. Low m ile a g e 
While in color with white vinyl top 
......................................... 
$328* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE t*o t S.W. M ilita ry *21 6317 
’ 74 
M e rc u ry 
C o u g o r. lu ll equipped Assume paym ents, and w ill h e lp fin a n c e . C a ll B ra v o 
*22-631o or 413-4e3t 
T57o~Mercurv M a ra u d e r. Aula olr. 673-173$ otter l p m 
■TS M ercury M arquis. 4 dr , 26 ooo m i., AM FM stereo tape V in y l ro o t, po w e r a ir. P e rfe c t cond 
$41oo *73-24o2 
'73 M E R C U rV MARQUIS $15*5 
T ilt wheel elec seat etc 433-1*41 
7 4 
M E V i li R Y 
M A R 6 U is 
BROUGHAM, loaded, low miles 
Coll after 4 p m , 878 43o7 

’75 
M E R C U R Y 
M O N T E G O 
M X, loaded, take up payments, no equity, B ert Dougherty, J4* 4* 4B 
'* * M e rc u ry M o n te g o W agon 
Very clean 3*3o o14*314 
'T i M ercu ry M o n a rrk Ohio, V 8, a u to m a tic , po w e r, fa c to ry a ir, 
AM -FM stereo, one owner Very low m ileage 77 license $42o$ w ill trade 923 2883 
*6 M ERC URV p A r k l a n l 
$25o 
*72 3838 

 plush in!, tires, 
$2,7oo air, auto. 
34* 2274 
74 M AVERICK, real clean Must sacrifice Looded $34-4247______ 
7o MUSTANG, oil restored. *2lo6 
*$4-8718 eves 
66 M U S TA N G . 6, auto pow er 
: steering, $$*$. 341-o2*4 
7o M u s t ANG BY OWNLR 

7 4 MERCURY WAGON 
Loaded $333o. D ays: 34* 4371; eves., wkends 4*2-18*3 
MOITaRCH- ilV r-T O o O 
Miles 
LOADED 
TAKE UP PAYM EN TS 
Must Ask For Don Holt) 22$ 63o1 iv ^ N fE ft'S MIW 1*74, new iire s, shocks, excellent condition. 328UO 
*73-1*37 eves. weekends 

‘75 M O N T E G O , $1895. 
68o3 SOUTH FLORES 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

 s n * * 
47 M ustang 
431 82*o 
342 3o5* 
$So<1 t a ll otter 6 p.m____________________ 
*8 Mustang C alitor ma Special 
Very clean 
*96-o3o3 
828 43$$ atter 
7, 

NOW 
7 2 CHARGER SE 
A ll pow er, FM stereo. A ir tires 224-o*36 
■71 Charger SE. 383 V I. outo, oir, power steering, brakes, excellent cond $13*3 *33-8853 
■64 bA feT, good condition, MSO 
Call $33 $o78 Ofter 4 pm__________ 
Oodgg. A ir, auto., o rig ow ner, must sell. P erfect cand. F irs t $4*3 tokes. 828-32o3 ________ 
U Dodge~^holl«naer. o ir. auto, mags. 33,ooo m r 34o 1*34 
*V DODGE C h a rg e r, auto. o ir, 
$4*3 trode. 341 2o*3 
6* O Od6 e Charger, new puTSH tires 44P-4 speed, 383o 638 3183 
■I* Dud po ^orofteL s p o il model. a ll extra s, low m ileage, p e rfe ct condition Coll 344-78$)__________ 
IV Dodge Coronel 4*o, moo tire *, dual exhaust, 
4 barren, $7oo. 
733-8S34. 
■74 badge D a rt, custom 4 door, 4. a ir, paw er steering, aute, v in y l lop. radio, heater, 22.ooo m l. new ti re t, $1,57$ 433-434o 
»7j Dodge Monaco 4 door hard lop Looded Cruise control, 4o.ooo miles *21*3 43$ 4o83 
TTT? 
M oving OU 

•74 M U S T A N G G H IA 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit M anager, 34o-4948 
75M' uST S W < rg B l& V I loaded *»* o1o3 with extras. $2ooo. 474-1244 
*9 M ustan 

•4* CUTLASS 
3**5 344 *773 
73 CUTLASS 442, all power, air, 
! swivel bucket seats Good cond!- I 
1 lion Must sell 344 9* 18__________ 

71 CUTLASS S149o 
Beautiful Coupe with everything! 
82o-4*1* 
'T i Cutlass 2 dom hardtop. Very cleam $21*3. 828-433$. ofter 7: 

M ISSION C H E V R O lirS 

T r u c k T r a d i n ’ D a y s 
SALE 
REPEAT SALE 

BACK BY POPULAR 
DEMAND, YOU GET A 
FREE 
POULAN CHAIN SAW 

 w ith e v e ry tru c k p u rc h a s e d th is w e e k . T h a t's rig h t! F rom n o w th ru M a rch 7, 1 9 7 7 , w e 'r e g o in g to g iv e a fre e P o u ia n C h ain 
S aw w ith e v e ry n e w tru c k , p ic k u p . B la z e r, S u b u rb a n a n d V a n so ld . Y o u ’ll fin d a g ro a t s e le c tio n o f m o d e ls a n d c o lo rs to choose fro m ... a il a t o u r “ litt le C h e e p e r" lo w p ric e s . W e w a n t to b e NUMBER ONE IN TRUCK SALES IN SAN A N T O N IO . 

 the little cheeper dealer 

 r f 

Mr 

DON’T 
MISS 
IT. 
WE 
CAN’T REPEAT THIS SALE r AGAIN THIS YEAR. 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 

/ j o 4 4 
D a ily 8 a .m .-9 p.m. 

Z f s Z H ' £ * 3 l l 
Sat. 8 a .m .-6 p .m . 

M ach I F o ttb a c k , loaded, e x tra cleon New tire * . 
$1o75. 441-48*6 
74 m JS TI WS U A tU I. V*. auto am in i, ra llye package, excellent. 
*29*5 734 *344 
T T M U lT n fi? 
M u s i te ll N ow ! finance. Call M anuel 
W ill help 
433 1444 i*6 4 hAuslong. iiA o o o r bes! ofter. 337 4441 
48 M ustang, v in y l top. 382 fen pine. re b u ilt w ith ) speed, best in ter over $1,ooo 1 37* *4*4. h “ Pi n t s : a u d i l e and olr. 
215-7*o* 
• h PIN T6 J door. 4 speed, slick shift, looks, runs good excellent tra n s p o rta tio n , con a rra n g e fin ­ ancing 824-SI $o 
7 7 

7$ C U TLA S S 
L o a d e d , c le a n , below book *23-47o$ or I TSI 3347 
•74 Cutlass Salon H urst, T Top, too many options to list) W ill sell 
Below Blue Book price. 4)2-4342 oitytlme. 
‘7$ Cut la ss io ln n , power steering, brakes, radia l white walls, ralieye wheels, stereo AM FM 8 tra ck, tilt wheel, cruise control, v in y l top 
34SOC 73)47o7 
Cutlass S Coupe, I i , auto, a ir, power, *!,**$ 673-4IS8_________ 
1 } C utlass S, I ow ner, io » m i! loaded. 32,33o 47* 711$ 
*18 Cutlass Supreme, landed' Ex" cedent cond ition $34*3 878 4335, otter 7 4*6 o3o3 
7$ C U T L A ii Suprem e loaded. nice lake up payments, *24-4671 
7 5 --------------------- 

74o QIDSMQ811E_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Take over paym ents on B73 Cut­ lass No equity Call 824 7*o4 ask tor Dennis. Atter 8 Coll 634 4321 

 t a k e o v e r P a y m e n t s , 
Oldsmobile Cutlass, coll 92A361* l l Toronodo $1 7oo A i condition all pow er, im wheel, a ir, cruise control 648 2334 
T T I o w o n a d A, new lire *, quo- d ra p h o n ic , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , fully loaded M ust see to believe 
344-o976 

MOUTHS 
OUT 

781 - FtYWOBm 

Y ^ ¥ o r7 o c u d < r7 T y ri cond rn and out 

D o dge n o v a l a out at tow n 
Fully looded 473-83o3 

M o n a c o 
R efinance. 

 i uoage posilraction $47$ 484 7474 atter $ w ggkdays. 
‘i 8 P oiara. i dr hardtop, black vin yl lop, silve r bottom blue in ­ te rio r, 318 VB, outo , a ir, pow er s te e rin g a n d b ro k e s , ro d io , heeler S4*$. all I 4)8 71 S3 atter 3. 

F m lo F u lly L o a d e d ! 6 ne 
I awner 823*34$, 6*5 8oS* 
I T PlKl'f f t ' '17 tao m iles, pe rte r I, i $1,3oo 223*341. 
! F IN T O 1*75. 76oo m ile s I c y l 
Looded Toke up paym ents Must ask tor Don M odi 72)43o)_______ 
76 (f'i'nfo M FG 3 d r A unabout. 
4,ooo mi 3133o 43* 1265................... ................ 
75 A illtO Runabout, loaded, w ill | otter 81o-2o*4 help finance 
Call 
M r. 
C o ria 
433-1448. l l l»lMYo Aunoboul 

737 EBRO 

BI6 COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio 
Coll 
7)7-o84o 
I i 8 door" 1L>a <»ri(k, power stoor- m g and b ra kg s. a ir, a ute, V I , 
*!♦*$ 4V31474 ita l ►Al ^ o n $ h s 
C A LL *33-1471 
;ta Folcon W ogon. good shopTi! 
$63o? TTT 1 3337337 h FORD Country >edon Stotlon 

T V t i ASS 
S U P R E M E .! d oo r,loaded E xce l­ lent cond. 69* o2*4 anytim e l l CUTLASS Supreme Convert! 
Ole, blue W hite b u c k e t seats. w h ite to p , new tir e s 
R a lly e wheels, auto, power, a ir. obsolu te ly lik e b ra n d new 
126*$, 
6*9 o2»S anytim e, 
I * Cutlass Si,pi erne I mo*. -S U 
77oo m l Loaded $34oo o r best 

"ti I,lo . good 
F irst 
>323 
4 > 3 |l» . 
__________ 
77 - Eorrfl^u3onF»ceTien71n~on3 out. outo, all power, olr, low ml. 
Super b u y' $83o 124 *23* 
1o Codo 383 Block m etal Hoke, c u s to m in te r io r 
C o m p le te ly hopped up M ust see to belie vet 
$3ooo or bes! otter 341 4*2o 
1 1 b u s ie r 
G ood m e c n o n ic o l cond $14oo 433- l i l t . v T T T B im 
*7$TW 8"mi Loaded 

■ 
■ 
■ h k t now 34) 3*33 M W E 
71 P IN T 6 Runabout, a u to ' a ir, ro d io , now tir o * ond b a tte ry 
Needs body work 38oo 4SJ o*14 
7 i7 lN T 6 4s-pS'e J i r t a .n o m ., root economy $**$ 34* 1474 
* i P m lo S aiiiro Wagon 
23oo<tS low im , recently tuned Now tiro * 
Clean, a ir, I ow ner. M u tt s o lll 
*23oo 34) 4177 l l F iM td S A lilk E Wag i n t ! " 
A ir, CLE AN I 43)1441 
7) Fm lo W agon Auto . a ir, low milos >283o $33-3)7o. 
P IN T O W AGON I i , auto, a ir, v e ry c le a n 
4o,ooo one a w n e r milos $14*3-43)1441 

W a g c ^ l 
$34*3 341 1413 I 
'61 lo r d T 7 r * | owner $$•$ $34-31oo 

 stereo 

"rondition, Sy 

1976 FORO [UTE 
AM PM STER E O F o lly IO A O 
EOM Light blue in color w ith dark blue vinyl lop 
.........................SSM* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE t»ot S W M ilita ry *1) 6317 r« fo rd E li!* A ir. power. Landau v in y l top S ilver and burg u n d y. 
AM radio 3472$ 227-34$). 
— 
T r m 
- o r n r r n n s — 
________ CAL L 341-3WI i i fo r d Folcon F u tu re ta e rfs 
C oupe 
28* VB, b u c k e t s e a ts, p o w e r, o lr . 
V e ry c le a n ! 
4*)2*43after 4 p.m. 
T T W ir b " 6 olo «i«~4$6 fr i ~3ooT lo aded la k e up p a y m e n ts , no eg atty. E rnie 481-M7I 
111 lo rd Gala Kir $66. 4 dr’, power 
224-8*21 o ft $ pm 
| 
T i f~-j: a G oto» ( SOO Need* soma work in te rio r perfect Soil choop. 
474 81o*________________________ t l Ford' Ooioxy' LTO V I. oulo a ir, p o w g r, c le a n R uns good. 
SI4oo. W ill take older p icku p In 
Node Owner m i 33* 
!»*<s F<$Rb Griln.jOfi f , M n»iidt, I a ir con d itio n e d , urn tm pow er steering, power brakes, standard transm ission >41o8 826 4727 l l F n “d ..'on to r mo Brougham 
F u lly lo a d e d 7 d o o r h o rd lo p 
82o*3*3, 69)8o34 f g f i o CTb' . 'i i ': -A ir. L io s r steer­ ing $1o*3 CALL 7)2-o48) 
TI f f if c b L f 6' A'- Ju g hom tdw m tle a g o . e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
Estate 72)$7#I ext 13$ 
W T o T iT l Tb Bf OO«I lorn. V I OU loom lie. pow or. lac toe y a ir Very low m ileage I Steelton oily clean 
77 neon*, i l l * * 
WIK trade 
I *2) 2883 f TrV IT ft I r e a ils'd rn*TFW " I door, power sNenog, brakes. A ir. 
: IS I, V I. v in y l ro o f, ra d io One ow ner, re a lly nice, b e tte r than overage *i4»$ 4*1 1741 noon lo SI 
Ffffc'f f T f t i T Y B : T d 

74 THUNDERBIRD 
Autom atic, o lr F ully lauded All pow er, t ill stoonng, cru ise con trot, m etallic b re n t, in color with white vin yl top 
.......................S488* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
1*o1 S W M ilita ry *22 4)17 
7o f i t J K & m 
TgS , leaded, no equity. taXe up paym ents, Erm a 
*81 3871 
■ l l TH U N D ER BIR D . S u n ro o /I 

 drives pood 
732 4*34 
T o T o Via ss 111 

$2,7*3 *7/3*48 
St—I ' ITT i i A 6 . i t u f t 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS. INC rn -v t, .V U ., eovu 
.Pg.P " ° 
Come see! *348o 1 i*74 FURY III } dr hardtop Low 

14 C utlass Suprem o, e x ce lle n t cond inside ond out, looks good 

L o a d e d , now 
Rool nice cond! brakes *123o 
Hon! 633-274* 
T i ii$♦$ bello ftoy' oT4~ T dr- ;,;r. extra clean 434 7*98 
7 3 h o lla fc o y a l* S edon 
By owner, extra cloon, AM PM stor- eo $143o Wk days 8-3 4*4 7671 bids I ) Cutlass Si pM,VtYt- T d n o r hardtop, power, on Auto May bo nicest in $ A Compare a l >2488 
Sacrifice firs t *21*3 4*4 $o87 
'74 Olds Cutlas* Supreme V -i. dti- tom o tic pow er lo c lo ry a ir, AM 
FM stereo tape now tiro s E x, ceptionally clean '77 license )34*$ 
W ill trode *23-2813 
T i 5 li5 T 7 U I l a 4 TLI F r ^ 
2-door. S ilv e r skith c ra n b e rry velour in terio r AM FM stereo, tilt wheel, cruise control 
Coll Ran 
W alker 
................. 
3*2*5 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1324 NE Loop 418 
874 3214 

 m ilage $773o *23 7427 
I 74 Gold Ouster 6 cylin d e r','fu lly 
•-quipped W ill tinon ce or la ke 
'tra d e 774 **34 
7T B 6 L 6 b U i T I i it t a i 
1 
Rod. a ir, power, auto 43)1641 

 m \ H t i f l L M - o'lur- . 
4 d r ": i 
4,ooo m i. Still under new cor War ru n ty 
A u to , p o w e r, a ir , A M : rodio 318 VB Randy 7)2 8711 
T T S 'l OS ( f u t t A U lu c e rn e '. lake up poymonts. *14 3426 
1 4 H y m o u th D u sler ix c o lle n l cond $143o or roooonabie otter 
633-3772 anytim e. it Plym outh Fury Sport 
By Owner. Loaded AM PM must soil *24 4o7* 
TT"PTym o u iil f ur-y~TiT:Va. KT drom abc. power steering, brakes, runs goad. 343o Mon F rl 2 Spm. weekends * Spm 43$ 34o4 it a j p lym o u th S otellile Sebrm p 
P lu s 
V in y l to p . o u to , p o w e r steering, brakes, air 
$1/oo 

NEW 76 SCOUT Ptxk-up. A 1 )4 1 6 ............... ‘ 5 7 7 9 

77 SCOUT ll 4. 2. . . 8) g » ............................‘ 5 8 o 9 

77 SCOUT NwOeoT o*1$) I*" *"? .V.?!*! ‘ 7 9 5 3 

77 SCOUT «■« 
. , n m ............* 7 S i b 

77 KOOI 
‘ 6 6 5 5 
2 -7 7 SCOUT ll SVSTB: 
“ " I ] S O O 
1-77 scout 
* i s o o 

P in t s T i * n V o l v o i l l Scout DeaUr 
AulkerlxeO Oeuler fo r Part*. Se lox, Borvtxo 
1 3 2 B A LC O N E S N O R T H 
7 3 2 - 2 1 4 3 la it IM IO OX Wa apx flood 

1* 7) Olds C utloss Suprem e a ir 
« 
■■ ■ 
- power, autom atic power steer in ., r* Plym outh Scamp. Slant 4. air. b ra k e s . A M F M s lo ro o r a d io *»"*• W - radials Excoiiont cond l l * *34$. 4*3 SOS* 
T i 
A u tom atic, fa c to ry a ir, lo a th e r I Brouehom in te rio r O nly 41.OM m ilos Call 
Ron W alker 
................. 
*2**$ 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AU DI 
1)24 NE Loop 41o 
824 2214 
•7i T M 
'IN fi"W '6 U 5'H A U Wagon. looped 484-7o4* avos 

 f o li o s * 
I u p ro o t# 
Gloss T Top, pow er 

71 TORINO GT 
LO AD ED ! > 
2)44*34 

'7 4 T O R I N O S I4 9 5 
LORES 
4883 SOUTH FL 
Transpo rtation Joe. .ut ’ o I-tim 
Torino, power fle e rin g , o lr, radio. 

Best ofter HOS to be seen) After s 
IP rn 4*4 17$2 
T o P lym outh V i o ulom otir" power, tor lory air. 77 license $4*3 
WHI trade *2 ) 1881 ____ 
*75 Plym outh Wagon Looded 
Must SORI SISO# 734 4712 
I *4 Plymouth W o eon Motor ox" 
{cedent cond MSO 432 o*2$ 
I t d id * b e llo l l Exc ellen (cond ta W o ta to ,* cyl . sldndard. o ir. } 
SOJO 743 32o7 d r , clean 34 2 8 3 7* 
~r r 6 T BT~B e lio l l , ta . M I t a i 

 windows, seat. Ult, cruise, A P I U stereo 
One owner 
824-934$. 
4*3*o34 ta b id s Cutlass S. i door. a ir. power brake*, steering. AM PM 
349-4422. or 34* 7174 attar 7 pm 

 loon 
I owner. 
43)714* 
2-tone. 
$18oo 

74 OLDS Delta nu 
Take over paym ents, no equity, colt Credd M anager. 34* 4*48 

Two 6 e i . f i i i t Ord LTO 4 dc ha rd to p AM PM radio, a ir cond ,1 p o w e r s to o n n o 
B e s t O fte r i 
438-3*1) or 73$ SISO, ask for Bob 
PFCtalB. 
_________________I 

/ 38 unicorn m rm m m rm tw w I 
White with white vinyl top Furty looded With a m PM tape Cruise 
<ontrol Leather m te rw r Alum in urn wheels, etc 
33.ooo m iles W ill sacrifice for MISO 4*1-42*1 
7 R 6 H t iM t M U L ----------- i 
LIK E NBW. Ut-ZEH f t t a C o n tin e n ta l Tow n ta u p e , lo w n e r 19,ooo m i AH equipment 
E ■ cedent condrtion il k *335. 
1*443o3_____ ta L iK ifb L H M a rl l^ . all luxor tau* apopomrmenls. owner 
$34 8873 
'y r r i N f b L ii ta' A i k i i i , -tra d condilion Loaded Must soti now! 
132oo 824 87)1. 

T i Olds ta ■ l-jr-ra d d 'H r.* ',' OST eng excellen t 133o cash O rig owner 7)3 741$ 
T m 
? 

! 48 Soleilite. S tM or bes! o tte r. 
^ n w w o r t in e e d e d * 7 2 J 7 * 3 ^ ^ 

74? -rUNIlAi:_________________ 
^^ssGnnorTenowTuirsiop^oS running rood $473 331 3*11 
Clean ta. Lemons, olr. power 
4*4-123) 

THE VAN SUBSTITUTE 
LOOK BEFORE Y O U BUY A V A N I 
• SglfContaingd 

* * 
* 

© 

• Sloops Slz 

• R u n n in g W o fo t 

• Na larger Than 

A V a n ! 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
M o b ile Traveler am-mw 

1 8 5 

HI m m 

 nC T e b U l 

■ S v l 
3424111 

■Sw rFucITi owner 
824 *341. 
BB for $21$ or bos! etter 

71 C h eve/lel impoTo K *«#il« cond low m itoog* 4$) 2B84 oft 
$ 38pm i i c M v rM n 8 o k . l l i H l l t i i * * bi#* pc cep leo 
3444731 or 
HA 1416 
77 Chevrolet * ^ f i tar Puick sol* 
481 2134________________________ 
1*78 C ltovre le t im e p lo Custom 

 soots 
One 
4*34o)4 

 w 
:? t e k . / . n . " t y y i r r . d , 
187 V I , O w n e r s e lle r 
C lean l l . I M . T e rm s w ith yo u r bon k creek! 814 33*8. 448 B ryn M aw r, kohmo jim ». Vandiver and Au* tin Hwy 
T I S U L ilU C L i l i i C i 
STAHMANN TR A IL BR S A LE ) 
IH IO ) M i north et Boerne 
R F I POK 127, S A Phone 714 >434 
OPEN SUNDAY l i t P M t a 'T O L v 'T T I t a lc b r l , le a l 
One o w n e r, m u st s e ll B lu e w o rth 
IS OM »««rifle# »J**i 174 7884 
I Peer b o rd to p . L o a d e d j wn ei 824*>4t. **)M 4 4 
74 C h e v ro le t im o o io f d o o r 
Coupe Assume p a y m e n t* C oll tra v e *22-4)18 Or 4)3 4*31 f i c H *v i a l n *x i4 n i. co.u*: win hpgwce wtih some creek* COH 
Woody 433 1448 

T M ’ O K V ItH H 

-yn i 'aTiPH 
I K ordloo oulo 
No dad. Clean t ip * ! 3428442 
4 m p h Lo H a rd to# . 3 w in g agt b u c k e ts a m PM lo p e 
)o .OM m ilt* Sacrifice $31o44)3 1441 irskoMLo u n - ta im poio r n now potnl slang owner. 4)2 4)38 
T n S H f c T i R o . i l y resto red . needs w o rk 
P o te n tia l b e a u ty 1 
SSM or otter 6*4 I ) /* 
T T T O ib u Uvogen y p s m s s r 
-i i i OO* m i Like now. (MIS 
*34 4424 
HTD ie now soh W ill help h nonce Coil Mon ta*4>f.*4ta, 

'76 M O N T E C A R LO 
Fully leaded takeover ooym ont* no agony Jerry P arrish 344-4448 w!Y-.‘!i»*iytalMiapp^»!!fr«iiO^R<gNioMWkPtaix3jaW^ " ie m o n t e c a 

•yf i l f J k j T t jK T f f g i . PMM- i l l - 
(ossoot coodPspat o64 888 a Aor i j n f 

B R I O . 
> gig m e- re s u m e 
M434 
POV m enu 
7)2 >913 a s s n (, A i i a - n ~ m osi >taiT ; 
Sunpgy Best utter S3) *744 
“ T n a w f i m r g r s m s w 
________ U i « l l | 4 | i * 
. .. 

1976 MONTE CARLO 
CHEVROLET AM PM STEREO 
F u lly L O A D C O II B u rg u n d y lh color with Burgundy vinyl top 
IM M AC ULATE M 
M N * 
H E M P H ILL M CCOM B) 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
IM I > HE. Mutter y *23 SJI7 
*74 H a ole to r te la n d a u Excel ton! condition 1)48)8244)$$ ofter 
: 
( N W BI 

73 MONEE CARLO 
I 
Like new None nicer I 1)8 4*1* I 
H '-S S fiT F 'f l f U 
I I H ! 
C ALL M I 3*3) i t M oan n n r u z i * , u nice. best ofter ever $27*3 
Son Pedro 3448211 ta ta b U T i CaT L S n n .le Ov W ino. buckets. 
Tope 
Only 
5)234 

 rsir 
B U ) 

Landau 
Is road ell s t* * i f i 

 f ^ " M o o la 
C o t ie le e d s / ; 
42 4214. Ofter 4 3o4 M N 

 ro o t. e x c e lle n t $2**3 eves, week ends f ■>*; n V Y 8 ‘ W r ' hprdlop. c e lie n i eke d 
I o w n e r 
S 2 e*t 
Goys 
* * i IIM . ask to r Foggy 
A tte r* 4*4-2181; 6*4-4444 
T T TTr T I "T B " V " i r ~g u I o rn a 11 c power, factory air. AM PM stereo fe p o . e x c e p tio n a lly d e a n 
'77 
He on Se $1)*$ Will trode *23 2*8$ m n * ) 

SS FORO LTD Wogon, tun powr. 
S33* 433-4*44 
T i T o r i ' tad V a rick i d oe r, a ir. h oo ter, a u to . gow or s to o n n g 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
M UST 
S E LL! COH *24*711. 

 r apio, I track *27*3 I 772 J$i) 
) l Ford Hove# i d ic y I oir, gulp, bow el s ita r , low m ilo o fe , ky owner excel cond 82**5 *27 4413 
TL 7 6 1 6' M U i n n s ll-------- 
Aw conditioned SINS 33) t i St 
— 
I TT O T g -MUT T I i i g V l — 
STANDARD. M M *21 3838 

 engine Sol ug for St re# I or strip 
Also Go C ert *)> t i l t 

I x eel ss Oleo M e l 

71 MARK III 
E x c o iio n t c o n d , t i l ) ) B e fore noon or ofter 3 SI* *o18 

 t i -w ife i r i v : a d # J c o n c io n 
$3*4o 634*434 *38 114* 
T r s i i n r i y / : " . . . . 

1*1, lu x u ry sedon 
By 
Perfect con pit ten 31,234 
I I P 7174 
I 
71 b k b S ta L u x u ry sedon, Is l 
$**$ cash 711 3824 
T i W s T f T u r a r y fe d on s liH 
I *2$ 1422 after $ p m 

~ t» O t b r . l ' i O l o m, e x tra 
(loan baa tionsmiss>an 
$3*3 

 ta* 6U '5 i M 6 l l L T T O p ^ T C T t pow er M ust Spilt W ill finance 
COH Woody 4J) 1*44 t i O ib lM b f c lL l Loaded- rots ofter 4 p m.. B2MSo7 
T T o td s Omega I cylm doc, slpa d o rd tra n s m is s io n , pow a r, fa c ­ to ry a ir, A M PM ra d io , exceo lio n o lly cloon 
'7 1 irconso 1)4*3 
WHI trade *2) 1843 
Y'TSr g f " BM y W 
'l I*36 bood condition! SI754 7)44377 r r ST fti I p a ts ' wagon, loatad. 
11*4$ 7)17141 ta 
S U . 
I I 
I , . . h e y i l l power t)7 )$ 3S»-M22 pc 447 1o1o 

 i i b id t ‘H ogonty Coupe owner. 

MDST SACRIFICE! 
Like new, 1*71 Ponttgc GRANO 
S A F A R I* pass station wagon All n-x"" i i 
■ j i i pow er, o io rtrtc window s, oil ox 
C u tie s* ) . Power s io o rin g . t r t % l M#w u *H ,g rouiois oh bru ke . Aw, roar sp easier s. r alley wheels must d riv e ' 724 4*34 
I T T B l H ilt 6 W 
L T 'flA tta 
CPE AM FM * track player, full power, needs m inor repair work 
*1234 or best otter 
COH Jerry, 
*24 43*2 
7# executive, excellent Ifunsoor ration, slignt fro n t end damage 
• udiols SISO 8o* Copilot 
41 I lo c a tiv e wagon. aula. air now Pros, batter * Powar brakes, steering, very clean 4*4 2817 
T I " I 'lTi 6 l f A fc " f %pr TI a u l* power. 334 VB. sport stripes, sport w heels E x c e lle n t cond 321*3 
6*9 #7*4 anytim e 
I— 'n H p I drib' H U TT------ 
Excellent buy 4*4*29$ r r n T T i f f f 6 ; lu lls 'leaded, w ill help 
Ana nee 
Coil 
M r 
G a ria 
4)3-1444 
"ta r n r i n g 

 around M ust see Ie appreciate ss) SSO* ofter $ id week Poy s. Oil orookom*%. 
S* Pontiac Booneville Brougham 
4 dr. oh power 
(anserine seat I 
A ir, C ruise c o n tro l, t ill wheel 
Vinyl top. tuns pood 
$4)3 
433 4M * c n tfii rric "TTreiing-T'jr 
'.eden Power, g it, extrg ctoun 
U N S 7)3 34? 
| 
Poi) liar 
I tluar,* P ita . ow, 

 cen A lla n 3411* 3444221; 4$) *32$ g if g-iv n w i Swwer, H.m mi 
Uke new. loodod 3*73o 344 4311, 
*3$ *313____ 
M ust M il ta taptfc iv . by owner, very clean wilt occept used car in trade 227 $39$ gr *W 42$2 

S S S beige landau reel I* .SOO y tee dad. velour interior 
....... ... ... 
CB. wnmocuioN n il* new 633-4717 

73! MEROM 

Y T Y T S p H r t eouHNod in cluding every eveilo b i* e g ttg n 
B e g u titu l te n e n d b ro w n *744 m ilo s M u st s o il, leaving proa ss 17$ est 343* 
"sT T f e l e r l % iuH power clean 
T m s n r r s c up jjovnsenls. n 

T iT a u i: 

A ag en 
OM $• w i»J» 
"TS T. t m is 

T m ." i i ask in i 
$IBM c a l r n GNW 4 3 ) M il 
T T 't a u g * / l u l l g * w * r 
111SO eauta. lo * * up pgym ents 
W P M )* 

M S U t o il* N S H ' 6o ho 
I se e ls* m o i 

■ t a O L D S S ta r tle * O f 
Aul# w r. power steer mg. om im w h ilew pii steel rodspls, low. low m i SIM under book o nce Ceti 
PHI Johnson, 22)3474 
'l l bids Volvo jots. rtb u iT s la tie r bolter y 
Now od pum p 
$334 
*7)22(1 

'74 O ld * SS 
V B, a u to m a tic . power, to tte ry air. excellent cep dilien 77 he on se $ **| WHI icpp* t a l o 
_____________________ 
*91 B la t V 4. OuterwolK pewsr^ factory OST excetivnl nrOitsQQ '77 
He on so >»*$ WHI ti tide *2 ) 2M) 
'ta bids h i V Z . ou lom ptu powers to cto ry a ir. oxceilOPt <enO ilionI 
77 
Heap se t i 3*3 
WHI wed* 
N I I M I ________ 

T I Aids V ia l* Cruiser , body M d i c e p d ttip p . nysds m e te r w a rs 
3744 l l s M il 
— 
M u m m 
— 
•ue* up up*mewls >*k t | S U H 
7 f f l i c lir a . l o g d e f f i f t a l l l 
*194* SQI 4878 
■ 

K N IY I Blad M N I 
3 

 le a d e d ! *27*3 M I I t ) ) 
U 
T ir e b tr l, s le w ta se engine. re b u ilt, m ust se* to a p p ro c M lt 
Must vet! 7)3 3414, 7)3 M U 
9) P e rm u te l i r e b i r i I m A u l* ond loodod w ttb e x tra s 111*) 
43* 3878 otter $ l i m o A W T I l ? T ~ 'f h OIC ii el 
COLOR* M O *) >4I t4)3 

7 4 G lum PWX Sal " 
Power windows end koan, vin yl landau top. store* Am Pm . la p*, b u c k e t s o o ts , r o ily * w h e e ls , cruise control I owner car. H I P 
72) MOI SI* 2177 PH tom . 
T I O ran P rix I x lr * clean) s lT lT 
*33 433o Utter 4 pm 
— r n W iM M I M I f l A f t i a 
I 
M AKE O FFE R 4*1 147* 
T M I 6 T6 'R ug pow nr air ' oreat ru n n in g cond, pow tir o * >7M 
*4* *e*« or 4VQ H I* ewer a 
T T T 3 S m . auto etc. isPoyCoiwE wheels |il* $ SN IMS 
I ' i m a m 
"pow er s le o rin g brakes a ir, m * § w h fo is , sanrt ept<en group $hprp> ))4 s*3« 
I T J on! tpc* R e nee, ii Tx V f, g j lorsspkc. ppsxer toe tory air new p g in t l l tic ans*, e xce p tio n a lly 
Cleon SMS WW H p#* N I IM I 

 lo a d e d 1 le ss t h * * IOO m ilo s 
. vmjt# m t 

* i 
817$ 2)7 1777 
7!i ^onTioi I dr hardtop iik ls 
Auto oir I owner 41) 1441 
VI Ponitoc T T r kor dip# i i ta I 
I 
Auto air I ow ner 43) 1*41 i t l l ^ o n iric r . r . -s ri y M u y sot . going over seas in M arch l l IM , w ill lower to 3*44 boo at ISS Rust 
L o o t A pt 
14A (n e a r K e lly A ir 
Force Bose) 
" i l P U K T P t J U t a -.IK iron's, 
Sam* m oto r p a rts G</u4 cond 
SIM or bast otter 3o* 3*7$ after 4 

 t i " T 8 » m r ,n a n i t b i / i L t t : 

TRUCKS 
TRUCKS 
7 Z 2 2 m r . ‘6588 

7 
7 
^ 
J£ 
» i - u 
. ‘ 5 4 8 8 
- h .m .u .a i 4 S M 

K S T 
76 
77 
76 
76 

6 8 

‘5488 
‘5488 
7188 
‘125o 

Lew mt ou i*, tuu hordlop. vin yl roof, b o il buy Any whore of 312*3 4*4 2714 
I T 
$ *m * 
K iM lo c 6 ¥ 6 llee<P meter work *134 715 4o77 ir P a H TU fT T B A H i, AT 
SUPE 
R A Y M E N T ), 
CALL 
*24 *424 rn fW B N T iA C l u . u r , x v iir s ir r lauded, tab* up payments. 
*2*4*71 
T f P f iH T i A f m iA id H , ' d .'T power, ruck, e x tern a l 3o.4M mt 
M IM 43* 4431 

GEORGI HUGHES 
KATIS. 
4224 SAM NINO 
VM-4138 
(UADIS? TBUCK) BS IQBG)" 

/43 w s K u i B i l i m 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS awwFfwuBs wwmtw WvWlilrUiW I®IP 

AVAILABLE 
B A N K K A T E F IN A N C IN G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 

??/ &o41 

Z44 
CUI I OUI/IU U M I, SPUD 
RACmC CARS 
STO T I U 6 & V ta U ---------- 
Can ofter *F M U7 $*>$ 
' '*1 ( rfHo, BD ffcovy dis«i fw h io l irone r S L IM 341 M I4 
VW S U N H U 6 6 V ( iib e r a ? *s l b e d *, w ith lo p a n d lo w b a r 
IU 734 4 eves 

743 WSCHUUKMR AUTOS 
. m r r u ; 
■ 
■ 
■ 
64 Char 
I UM SY 
Chevy vi ken stoke bed 
N M J14 

T in 
>734 
SI7S 
3734 m 
[HUCKS I LUMMI RCI Al 
* oRwegR^RBP mo ewe IR saRP ox OW 
TNAillftS, USES 
— 
T O 
T T T r fx r fir co 
M (w f pod u> a 6 
TRUC K p a r t i ■ 

T H A D E W IN D ) A u la k o to * 
*W tt F IN A N C E * 
IM ) SW M u f f ARY t i t |74f 

K I N N E Y M O Y O X 5 
»»34 RROADWPY 
IM f i t J 
“ T i i i l S t t h t m w i 

4 MOOSE VPL t t i ) ! 
A l I l i f f WRIT * t t t U f t T 
I lk PM O# A N O * a fa s . 

>>-*>41! 

A M Y I ROCKS ludo* Psst S^ C pyS p iS ^ J L S S S S S ^ S it^ S . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 1977 

746 - TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

AS IS ' 
C O M P A N Y TR U C K S 
73 D O D G E 1 ;T tong w ide . si ISO 
E S S o ’ ?T Lons w,dc 
* 135t 
I 73 F O R D ' yT long wide . 
*98o 
|*73 C H E V Y ' ?T long w ide 
4135o 
________68o3 S. F L O R E S 
•73 B ro n c o 
R a n g e r , a ir , VS, 4 w heel d rive, pow er steering, auto, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 32,OOO m i 
39ooo 732-9725; 827 1811 otter 6. 
74 Bronco 4-wheel drive . Excel lent condition) 
7 >696-o3o3 
878-6355 afer 

*67 CSO C h e v ro le t w a te r tru c k , 
2ooo g a l ta n k , J ” P T O p u m p , spray b a r, 334-4253._______________ 
C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R SALES 
D istributors Century W reckers 
16o3 NO 
A L A M O 
225-6146 
‘73 Chevrolet P ickup ' a to n T atr, auto., 465 eng, equipped for goo­ seneck tra ile r, $295o. 2o Goosen eek h e av y c a ttle tr a ile r , $225o. 
1-42o-7977 before 5pm 

 i TO N 
6 c y lin d e r 
73 C H E V R O L E T 
P ic k u p s h o rt w id e, standard posi traction, rc b r axle, 
A M -F M stereo, 8 track. Call Louis 
G arcia 
........................... Only $2495 
N O R TH W O O D P O R SC H E A U D I 
1326 N E Loop 41o 
824-3214 

746 
TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 1746 • TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 754 TIRES parts accessmjes 

TRAILERS, BUSES 
TRAILERS, BUSES 

*68 FO R D R A N G E R 
Loaded 34 1 393 3 
67 FO R D R A N G E R $895. 
3859 N O G A LITO S 
923-28o1 
72 FO R D R A N G E R $1695 
3859 N O G A LITO S 
923-28o! 
'76 F o rd R a n g e r X L T p ic k u p 
F u lly lo a d e d , c le a n . 
$475o 
653-o749 or 661-4354. 
Ford 
R a n g e r. X L T . Loaded im m aculate. 
$365o. 
74 
IW B , 
534-1114 
71 Ford Ranger X L T . All power. a ir . 
G ood c o n d itio n . 
$19oo 
652 3782, 1-379-665o (Seguin) 
B lock 
74 F o rd R a n g e r X L T 
SW B. 46o, m a g s , B P G ra d ia ls . 
P o w er s te e rin g , b ra k e s . Auto, stereo $38oo 688 3576, 533-5145 
•73 Ford Ranger, V-8, a u to m a tic a ir $1995 924-41o3. 
•73 FO R D R A N G E R X L T , $25oo 
VB ' ?ton auto, factory a ir, pow er s te e r in g , p o w e r d isc b r a k e s , radio, radial tires. 224 5473; eves 
655-85o4 

CAB $2695 
74 FO RD S U P E R 
'« Ton, a ir, auto 435-1641 

1*74 C hev V a n lo a d e d , A M F M tape, carpet, bed, S acrifice $3695 
>656 3896. 

;-71 Chevy S ta rer, 4 w heel drive, air, auto 52695, 923-1115. i'76 Chevy C heyenne 
L ike new, 
4-w heel d r iv e . C ru is e C o n tro l, 
A M -F M a ll te r r a in m a g tire s , 
12,ooo m i W ill take older truck in trade Ow ner 1-742 315o, Poteet 

"SitR 
73 Chevy Cheyenne pickup 
Cam per Shell. ’ > ton LW B , power brakes, steering, a ir, auto 454 VS 
Looks a nd ru n s re a l good 
By owner. $2875. Seguin 1-372-o189 
■74 C H E V Y C H E Y E N N E 
_ loaded 
$315o. call 923-7747 
‘72 C h Ie v Y ' j C IO, 6 s ta n d a rd , 
SWB. 
$15oo. 
224-5473 ; 
698-2464 eves. 
‘73 Chevy Custom IO w ith cam per. auto 
1-owner. 
V-8, air, 
$27oo434 3935 
'76 Chevy C-2o Von iso , 4 bbl.. dual a ir. Cruise control, sway b ar, 
R a lly w h e e ls , r a d ia ls 
25,ooo m iles 492-1787 

’74 CH EVY ELCAM INO 
Toke up paym ents, no equity, roll 
Tom Ford, 349 6948 

’74 C H EVY ELCAM INO 
Toke up paym ents, no equity, call 
Tom Ford, 349-6948 

'72 Ford Super Van, 6 cyl., stan­ d a rd , new ra d ia ls , a ir shocks, e xcellen t m e ch a n ica l condition, 
$165o 224 1438 Sat Sun , a fte r 
5:3o weekdays.___________________ 
62 Ford SWB 6 Standard 

4 W H E E L D R IV E 
25 M P G , S uboru. Super station w agon. 1977, 7,ooo m iles. $49oo 
-save $8oo 342 1842 

-71 MG B All or parts S6oo Coll: 
659-o124 
P orsche 914 engine only 
736-2881, 8 a rn to 6 p m 

8o2 WOTOB Kames sales rem Yo? M aim Hemes s ta t ru t 81o 
H O M tsm i i l l 8118HUSS W W W W 

WINCH TRUCK 
International R I9 o Tractor Truck 
T u ls a 23 W inch RD45o en g in e. 
Good cond $195o. 695-9218. 

SWAP MEET 

74T MOTORCYCLESSCOOTERS 

'7o B M W . KbJ-S, w ith side c a r, 
$1995. 
'72 
D ucati 
25oCC 
$25o 
344-7oo9 

1971 B M W , 75o 
W in d ia m m e r , saddle bags. 26,ooo m iles $1375 
BLA NCO P R O D U C TS 
767 N E LOOP 41o at Broadw ay 
75 GL-1ooo Loaded Call 658-1986 a tte r 6 p.rn 
1976 Gold W ing, 1973 H onda 35o 
Four, sharp trade. 1o23 Fabulous 
1975 H a rle y D a v id s o n , I2 o o c c 
Super Glide. $28oo 674-329o 
■76 H arley Davidson super glide, customised, 2,5oo m i 226 5859 
1976 H arley Davidson 12oocc, full dress $335o Can be seen at 
21 l l 
B lan co , Hog H a u s M o to rc y c le 
Shop 732 oo76 
2 H a rle y D v id so n SS S X T 125, 

C L E A N $6oo 656-o987 

 brand new, never ridden For de tails call M ike Betdon 341-31o1 or 
144 o28o___________________________ 
74 Harley E lectro G lide Loaded, 

75 FO R D Ll ton, loaded 
27,ooo m i $355o 684 8145, 536 3671 
‘76 Ford 3« ton. Loaded, excellent cond 
O w n e r. $3975 
W ill ta k e older truck in trade. 635-84o3 

A M -F M , W indshield, Saddle Bags, 
Clean 1o,ooo m i $285o 1-625-7159 
74 Harley Sportster 
Elec start'. 

CAR PARTS 
Sunday. Feb. 27, 1o-6 
Et Conquistador P arty House 
41o Holy Cross o f Culebra 
Inside and Outside seller spoces 
Concessions. D isplay of cars 
M ore m ore details, 432-2983 
TWO VW Transaxles-1 in. ‘64 Bug, 
I out of ‘58 V an 
VW E ngine in basket, 2 m ag w heels w ith con­ verter to fit bug. 532-7922 ofter 
6pm. 
_________ _________________ and transm ission m iles 
$35o 
V E G A E ngine complete, 
22,ooo 
826-5878.__________________________ 
W ill pay $36o for '74 Honda Civic engine. 922-83o3. 

IF 'YOUNG thinking about 
A New MOTOR HOME, 
THINK (AST. 

758 - 
AIRCRAFT services, 

Custom. Call: 653-44o9 
75 H arley X LH -S P 1ooocc, $22oo 

‘7o F o rd ton p ick u p . 4-spd., clean. $1625. 695-369o or 695-9137. 
68 FO R D 

Ask tor Ski, days 
221 5374 
76 Honda 75o-A W indiam m er III 

 t Ion, V-8, standard, rock, $975. 344-2244_______________ 
FO R O ‘69 Tw in screw w ith Oetro.T 

Front, re ar crash bars, lug ra ck . 
Must sell! 684 4oo4 
7) Honda 35oCB, 71 H onda l i b 

671 e n g in e . IO s p e e d Ir o n s . 
655-21o1; 651-6228 
73 Ford V an Chih Wagon pow er. 

CB, ‘68 Suzuki 5oo 494 $896 
1975 HOhiOA, 16o CBT 

 a ir. Like new ! 826-9565. 695-8o56 

LOW M IL E S 658 6568 
HO N D A ‘75. CB36oT, low m ileage. 

62 F O R D V A N , 6 C ylinder 
$45o 
Call 225-o627 

$7oo 696 8242. 
75 HO N D A CB2ooT. sharp, 2.3oo 

77 FORD VAN 
E-1So, loaded Toke up paym ents, no equity. Bill Thom as. 349 6948 
73 F b R D Von, 12 passenger, ou 

 m iles, extras. $S7$. M ike 684-36S3 or 732-2143. 
75 Honda 36oCL and TSO SS, low m i like new 681 3oo9__________ 

 c le a n , d e p en d ab le to m a tic , a ir , m ust sell W ill tin once Call Woody 433-1464_______ 
72 Ford V an 
VS, auto., radials. 

H O N D A 75o 
$1o5o. Randy 922 o8o1. 227 o74o 
I 1975 Honda Cycle MC 3no r,cti for 

 bed, c a rp e te d , p a n ele d , stereo 
$22oo 696 76o5_______ 
7o F o rd V a n , V I 

$75o. 684 3534 
73 Honda 754 E xcellent, dressed. 

 a u to . A t , cam per equipped, plush, 494 1581 

74 F O R D VR, load ed, c a m p e r, 

18,ooo ml. 
M ust sell! 
$163o. 
434 4879 
72 H O N D A 35o, 
$5oo 69o 1o6o ta rin g , e x tra s 

’74 Chevy loaded SWB 
42475 
*74 Ford 4 W D 
57875 
*74 Chevy auto a ir LW B 
$1975 
2o2 New Laredo Hw y 924-2711 t h e w 73, leaded Good condition 
S acrifice below book 
52o5o lu ll price cash 435-1641 
73 C H E V Y L U V p ic k u p 

$275o 653-6992____________________ 
15o s u p e r Cab, lo ad ed , 2 

. . a ir , radio, heater, H D Bum per, 37,ooo m i. excellent cond. $1995, 733-946o 
T i Chevy LW B 

>5 F fu n ks, 29,ooo m i o w n er 
545oo 
W ill fa k e o ld e r fro c k in tra d e , 
1924-5217 eves, weekends__________ 
1966 4oft Hobbs re frig era te d wan. 
Fu ll I3 ‘6’\ 1o 2o spoke, T h e rm a- 
Kinq und 
$55oo 
667-147o atter 
17pm 
F 75o 

75 H O N D A 55o 
$135o firm 734 3796 
75 H O N D A 55o fo u r $1ooo Call 
822 o313 atter S a m 

G O O D C O N D I 

LEASE BACKS 
AVAILABLE 

• TURBO C E N T U R IO N 
• HAW K XP Q 
• 2o6 STATIONAIR 
• SKYMASTER 
METRIC AIR 
MOTIVE, INC. 
W - 2 7 4 7 924-7375 
ROOSEVELT a t 99th AVE. 

I 
I 

 m rn m m m m m m rn n m 

A R R O W , 1974. C-172. 
1957 Appache. 1956. 512-872-3o91 
I 
I 

Cessna ISO Com m uters; 197o cer­ ci tim e. SCM O H, e x c e lle n t condi­ tio n , $ 6 ,4 5 o .; 
1969 i e r o - t im e 
S C M O H , e x c e lle n t c o n d tio n , 
56,35o 1969 M td-tim e, good cond! tio m , 55,95o. C o ll 658 -6 o8 8 o r 
658 8271 ofter 6PM 
Skvhawk 
1976 Cessna Skvhawk ll, 66o Hrs 
T T , IF R equip 1976 Cessna C a r­ dinal ll 49o H rs 
TT, IF R equip. 
1976 Cessna S kylane ll 58o H rs 
TT, IF R equip 1976 Cessna C a r­ d in a l R C ll 38o H rs . T T . IF R equip Call Johnny W alker, Long- view, T v (? I4 ) 643-2244__________ 
1964 Cessna S k y la n e , fu ll IF R 

I 
II 

UP T O 
$75o ITASCA REFUND 
The first 7 o buyers o f a n e w Itasca, from February 25 through 

SUPER 
UVALUESU 

1 2 X 6 o - 

I VS baths . . . . 
12’X 5o ‘ 

1 bath 
. . . 
1«‘X?o‘ 
3-bsdw mm , 
2 b a ttu .............. 
■ IFO: 
1 4 X 6 4 bedroom and equity and toke payments. 

*585o 

*52oo 

*8995 
2- 
$SOO 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

New Desh fro m 
$99 
New N et from................ 
New tteno chain from. .. $14 
New Exec choir* from $ M 5o 
Aba Used Furniture 

126 ion Am Street ar 
IN IO at Cuiehra, 736-559o 
All Sales Cash and Carry 

B i 

CASH R E G IS T E R ; Sweda model 
46. Smote d ra w e r, 3 key. *35o Coll 
828-3575 
______________ _ 
Closing business - desk, steno” 

AMERICAN 
MOBILE 
& MODULAR 
3oo4 S. W. 
MILITARY DR. 
SAN ANTONIO 
922-18oo 
* RIGHT ACROSS 
FROM CHURCH’S 

 and executive c h o ir*, conference tables for sole. Phone 824-o228 
Com plete groups of office fu rn i­ ture COH 8-4, 225-5746. 
D is p la y C a b in et, glass 'o p , 12‘ long, 12 draw ers $1oo 735-7537 
For ALL N E W and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co. 
19oo Son Pedro__________ 733-o931 
3o It F a b te x m o b ile p la tfo rm 
735-9137, 8:3o HH 5:3o 
IB M M a 6 I ty p e w rite r, original cost *8,315, sales p ric e $4,85o, good cond 
Call 
M r 
Gwinn, 
225-3132 
_______ 

Duyi 
March 2 7 , 1 9 7 7 w ill receive a $ 75 o cash rebate on the 

77 H O N D A 35o 
T IQN $5oo 621 4o54_______________ 
Honda 55o Looks g re a t1 Helm ets, 

M B . 
E L T , 
I L S , 
A D F , 
TSO T X P D R . dual Nay Corm us, long ra n g e ta n k s , new a n n u a l, good condition, $14,5oo 658-6o88 or 658 8271 atter 6PM 
19/5 C H E R O K E E 6 3oo A ir con 

M o d e l, $5oo Cash Rebate on C 2 7 A , C 2 7 A L , and the C 2 4 C 
M odels, and $ 3oo Cash R e b ate on the C2 2 C and the C25 C 
M odels. The Seafarer and Sunflyer lim ited m odels are e x ­ cluded. M ake yo u r best deal w ith a participating Texas d ealer, then present this coupon fo r yo u r refund. 
I 
I 
L. ■ ■ ■ ■ Xtasca m m m M bJ 

FRIED CHICKEN! ★ J 

MISSION 
MOBILE HOMES fxcktsiv* Doctor (or; 
• Ca nwo • Agalwood 
• Hornet!* • Schul! 
• ^gndpoiwli 
See Us First largo Selection 
225o Austin Hwy. 
6 5 5 - 2 8 9 4 
2922 S.W. Military 
9 2 4 - 4 4 2 4 

♦ 

♦ 
♦ 

4 

4 
4 

• LEASING • 
Specializing in Business and Professional E quipm ent 
Save Tax-Conserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
26o3 Broadw ay___________ 227 9381 
LO S T L E A S E : show cases w ith 
4 lights, w all cases, cash register, 3 ton Fedders AC central unit, glass shelves, etc. Also sm all am ount of ie w e lr y in v e n to r y . 
A Z T E C 
J E W E L E R S , 22o E Houston 
O C f 
1 2oo w e t c o p ie r , 2 y r s . 
F e e d e r to r s ta te m e n t c opying. 
P aper A toner included. $8oo. Call 
69o-8442 
O p e n to p D is p la y C o u n te rs 
3 o"x 6 o ‘*. Id e a l for a n y ty p e of 
B usiness, F le a M a rk e ts o r G a ­ rage Sales. See af 22o3 So Hack b e rry No 18. or Call S34-8693 Mon 
- Sot. Noon til 7 p m.______________ 
Reach in cooler, $8oo, Coke m a ­ chine, $25o, Coin a ir Hockey table 
595, C om m ercial d ry e r $95, Call 
224 6661 or com e by 
2942 
E. 
I Houston.__________________________ 

 e xtra clean. 
$245o. stand 
533 337o 
•76 C H E V Y P icku p , 4-w heel dr toke up paym ents, 924-5626 

73 F -75o ’ 4 ton, fe n d e r boxes, 
________________ s ta n d a rd VS, 5165o. C a ll Tom j ton pickup 6 - McCabe 923 4353 Mon F ri. 8-5. Gi 

 backrest $1o5o 14V U9I8__________ 
76 H n ad o m u tir 75o 47oo m iles 
$18oo. I 772-3o73 a tte r 6. 

 ra id M achinery A Supply 3428 
Roosevelt____________________ 
‘74 G M C H IG H S IE R R A 

7 3 CHEVY Pickup S199o las e ve ryth in g ' 
R eal barg ain 

Loaded, only $264oo 
| SIS W EST A V __________ 735-o321 

1*75 O M C S ie rra G ra n d e 
Son", 
Has 
828-6959 

7 5 CHEVY Pickup $239o iquidatinq 
E xcellent bul 
Liquidating 
822-o141 

 r 59~C 

 b u y ' 

TTT;" v S. 
I H E V Y P ic k u p , 
3-speed, om -fm 
435-9982 ofter 4 p.m . 

 lo a d e d , ta k e up p a y m e n ts , no equity, call E rn ie, 681-3871 
G M C Sprint 73 
A ir, p o w e r, a ir shocks, new radials. V in y l roof, 
A M -F M . good condition. 
S2495. 
696-2339 

-76 G M C ’ .ton, LW B , V8, auto, a ir, pow er steering, b ra ke s, low m i 
5475o 
1-249 3o79, 
1-249-3877. 
Boerne 

‘76 C H E V Y P IC K U P , 3sfi VS, HO ' 
GMC Window Von E x tro nice ra d ia to r, a ir , o v e rlo a d spring s, am ladio. standard transm ission 
11,ooo m i *43oo 623-5351 

N e w p la te s . 
1-751 2941 s tic k e r 
$4195 

‘ 74 C h e v y P ic k u p ' z to n 
T oke over pa ym e n ts , no equity coll Credit M a n a ger 349-6948 
•75 C H E V Y P ic k u p , I W B H eel 
Side $2775 o22 oo88 

GOOD TIMES VAN 
L O A D E D " 3,ooo miles Must sell. 
Call 
John 341 8711 
I G R A N D E F O R D TR U C K SALES 

‘71 H O N D A 35o 4,ooo m i, excel lent cond $7oo 342-57o4 

75 H O N D A M T 25o 
B ra n d n e w , 2oo rn! 
$575 w ith helm et. 699 o294 anytim e 
Honda S cram bler CL 175 HOO m i, extras, ex cond, $485, 684 o525 
1967 H O N D A , 3o5 S C R A M B L E # 
R UN S GOOD 
CLASSIC B IK E . $35o, 226 3554 
H onda SL 175, s tre e t ond ifirf. excellent condition, $4oo. 696-3374. reef nice. 
‘75 HO NDA , 35o X L 
$725-698-23o3 
JOE H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
Sales-Service-Parts 
36o1 B RO AD W AY 
824-9696 
USS 
K A W A S A K I Dunstall 9o3cc miles $24oo 655 2111 
‘75 KAW A S A K I 4oo 
2 helm ets. $735 691 1567 

7o Chewy pickup ion, cam per shell Loaned 974 4713. 
'49 Chevy pickup 
V8, $35o 
349 OVo atter 6 pm 
Can 

■72 C H E V Y P ic k u p a u to re e l nice $1595 923-/174_______________ 
■Vs Chevy p u 
Auto, a ir , L W k , 
A M -F M 8-track stereo, 23,ooo m i. 

 iH tu ond W W White Road 
_____________ 661 4)21__________ 
71 M J tE P W A G O N N E R S oon* im a m c a r, Q u a d ra tr a c k , low 
.ra n g e , go an yw h e re in com fort, i a ir, pow er, cruise, loaded 
I 822 9614 

•76 K a w a.a ki, KZ-tOQ only 6oo mi, electric sfort, 691 1991 

7 5 Kaw asaki 5oo 25oo m iles, like new $899 675 3oo6 

 ditioned, like new 
175 TT on a ir ­ c raft and engine IF R equipped, a ll. e n c o d e r and tra n s p o n d e r. 
M ust see to a p p rec iate $48,5oo. 
227-86o1 or 826 67o3 
7J C H I R O K E E V I, 3oo full I F * . a ir. 
533,5oo 
F rank 
Adam s, 
656 o22o 
CONT RS Full electrical WOSMOH 
5 /o o c o m p le te w ith p ro p 
Don 
S m ith , 
Box 
1644, 
U v a ld e . 
1-278 2774 or 1-278-3443. 

TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 

4 6 o o S A N P E D R O 7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 or 7 3 6 - 1 5 6 8 on sat 

F R A N K B H A L L A C O 
LA R G E S T 
A V IA T IO N 
IN S U R A N C E 
B roker O ffers Most 
Com petitive Prices. 512-225-61o1 
M tN IC O U k E 
$245o Alt M etal low w in g s in g le p la c e tr ig e a r V W 
T T A E 9o Phone 1-438 2417 
'74 P IP E R W A R R IO R 
Call F rank Adam s, 658-o22o 
•76 S E N E C A ll. 36o T T , full K ing 
IF R includes K N 65, O M E . M S D 
36o slaved H S I, A n im a lic III C, a u to p ilo t, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
P riced to sell Contact: Ron M u s ­ lim . N A Y A K A V IA T IO N , San An tomo 
International 
A irport. 
512 824 7511 

S K Y L A N E 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

IS 

 to* 

‘T i K aw asaki 91o. Sldoo or best oner call 333 7381 
•75 K aw asaki IO. showroom con a dion, $325 696 o)65______________ 
•74 k aw a sk l ako. 

61 
S K Y L A N E 
1995 T . 
1o55 
SM O H 
F u ll IF R P anel, M K 12, 
M K 5, m a rk e r beacons, pilot heal, strobe post lights 
Single piece w indshield 
N ew tire s , b a tte ry , 
A lu m ig rio 
M u s t s ell or tra d e dow n1 Atter 6 p rn 
827-1868 

27/ 4687 , 344-8oo3 

Chewy PU L W i, auto, sell or trode 433 14o7 684 2379 
‘74 C H E V Y Suburban 
« wheel d r I oohed 
. 
*74 C H E V Y C re w Cab 
I Kin D ually, loaded 
*75 FO R D F-25o ta p e r cob, loaded ___ 
*72 C H E V Y Suburban 
E x tro clean, loaded 

C . E . L I T T L E F I E L D 
A U T O SALES 
/J I S E 
M IL IT A R Y DR 922-2793 
41 Chevy < .• Ion pickup, good con- aition, new pain!. *795 65 Chevy i Ion pickuo. good rendition, new 
Point, o x , 5*95 726-8231, 826 5913 
73 i k e vy 

In t e r n a t io n a l T r u c k s 
71$ Steves Ave 
534 5471 
75 IN T E R N A T IO N A L ' S C O U T 

Good condition 
824 4o36 Otter 5pm__________ 
74 Norton 135 Com C urtail 

 autom atic, toke up paym ents, no equity, call E rn ie 681 3871 

7 3 Tn ¥ e RN AT IO N A L V8 
Auto, a ir, $195o 934-7747 
Y n T e 'r n A t i o n a L 
TT 
T R A V E L A L L 
Loaded, I -ow ner, excellent *1695 t i t * B R O A D W A Y 
273-1549 
1973 IN T E R N A T IO N A L 4 w heel d r iv e c r e w c a b p ic k u o tr u c k 
826.9565, 695 8o56 
1973 International !*od sanes wdh 

Best otter Good 734-6231 
SAN A N T d N IO C Y C L E SALES 

W A N T E D 
I Business m en, pilot to buy ha lt interest in brond new G rum m an 
: Cheetah 
Contact Tony Crosby, 

I <JJ 
I 
W H Y NOT order a New 

K A W A S A K I Salas. Service, P arts 
313 N A K O M A 
494 5254 

£,ooo o rig in a l 

P IP E R to your own 
Specifications, call F rank Adam s, 
658 o22o 

61 Sears 25o cc m iles, $35o 654-1o98 
74 S p o rts ! 
X L l ilt w hee 
C u s to m p a in t m a g r e a r w h e e l, lots of chrom e In new condition1 $32oo or best ofter 654-7o61. 
75 Suzuki TC 185 Elec s tart, 5*61) 

HUI I UMI III unum M 

W s T e o fiO s T u M y self rordained 

I!S P R IN G 
S A L E H 
PICKUP COVERS 
* 1 8 9 
STUTZ All 
Aluminum 
* 2 2 5 
I xpert tnstaUahon; $5.oo ■ > 
HEIMER l f , 
W CAMPER SALES j ' 
- 
1329 S.W M ilitary Or. 
924-8336 y 
Just W. OL Somerset Rood.. 

W K 3 
.t k ' v 

 a 

T h * U ltim a ta a x p g n a itc o th a t m a k ts t h * g o in g g ra n d ! 
XPLORER 

3 o 7 

Purr luxury - with elegant standard features like rotor TV, mkrowove oven ond tots more Exceptional craftsmanship throughout Come try ane on for size todoy 
FRY MOTORS INC. 
2o6 WEST P O U 
BURNET, TX 78611 
Phone: (512) 756-2128 
The b a s » in M o fo e H o m e liv in g fro m X p lo re r. 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 

CHRYSLER 
GREAT GIVEAWAY!! 

$ 1 o o APU PRH ACCESSORIES 
WITH 
PURCHASE 
OP 
NEW 
CHRYSLER OUTBOARD THRU 
MARCH I SII 
Check niece Lew C e le Ie re 
Rig Price. 
Come Out end Make Your 
Best Deal 
Chry lie r 
IB ' 
Spew Crown, 
1oS ho Chrysler 
G aiv. T ro lle r............. $ 49o9 
Regal IB ' Trf-HuH. ITO hp 
— 
- - 
- 
- 
- - * 7 $ 
Chrysler O at* Trailer $4879 
C hrysler 14' Punster, OO hp 
- * 
* 
- 
“ 
775 
Chrysler. Gaiv Trailer $4773 
Cruise 
31 ‘ 
Skipper 
Cutty 
Cobin, 
12o hp 
Chrysler 
G ot*. T ra ile r............. 
$ 537o 

HOLIDAY M AR IN A 
LAM MC QUfENEY 
512-557-6622 

 a o r 
MOBILE HOME 
SERVICE 

 dr TIC D O W N S 
♦ M i - U V t U N G i t R O O F C O A T IN G 
* IN S U R A N C E 
S O U TH PO R T 
MOBILE HOMES 

$5,ooo R E W A R D fo r r e tu r n of 
T y p e 
S e ttin g , 
P r in t in g 
E q u ip m e n t, IB M C o m p o s e rs ,' 
Fonts, Etc. $1,ooo for inform ation leading lo the a rre s t ond convic­ tion. G ulf Coast N egative Service. 
Houston, 713-528 1731. 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 
'n, ii i» in i ■■ ■ mu,1 i — a. 

A ll N E W G u erd o n H om es hove w oodburning fir e p la c e s " Save 
ISSI on your fuel heating bill. All sizes. 
B U C K IN G H A M 
Hom es 
6S8-28I1 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M obile Hom e site, is m in 
N orth on San P ed ro O nly 
$21oo, $1oo d o w n , $ 21 .64 p e r m onth , a t 8 •• fo r 144 m onths. 
T h is one w o n t la s t lo n g . C o ll to d a y ! 494-3419, 342-18o8 • LA 
K E C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E 

2 B E D R O O M Unfurnished, $4995 
R E D R IV E R M obile Homes 
653-9751 

B e fo re yo u b u y — 
S E E T H IS N E W 1977 

A ir. new tires. H ave two, m ust sell 
137 M onticello 
A LA S K A N C abover c am p e r IO'. 

2o’ drive in ond lift gate 658-7664 
74 IN T L E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 

 m iles E xcellent condition, e xtras 
494 6445 
74 Siizuk 

 sleeps 6, g a s-ele c. re fr ig , gas stove, lowers tor travel. 684-67o1. 
1975 A p a c h e F o g ie 4o6. n e v e r m et *45o *53 9869 ,r a ,l* r ond h* ' ; used. Si 195 1o23 Fabulous i 1975 Apache E m p ire tent C am per, m ust sell, by ow ner, 534-8873 
*5 IN T L 16oo l odestar 

 ton p ic k u p 
F u lly looded C am per S p " 337-8535 
1973 C H E V Y 
' i 
C h e y en n e S u p er. 
826 9565. 695 8o56 
77 Che i i 

Io n p ic k u p . fu lly lo a d e d . 

7o' stake bed, excellent condition 
Call 453-213* 
J E E P W a g o n e r /W O U .t a lo 

 ton S ilv e ra d o , ?8 m ites Auto pow er, a ir, 924-399o, 
826 9 565 
69 "cH F VY" 

‘74 m iles 
Aute a ir, pow er b ra k e s , s te e rin g 
A M -F M s te re o ro d io 
Mi Lo range 
165oo 735-3641 ar 
4(4 /SJO 

I 
TH E S ID E DOOR 
; Used Honda p a rts to tit a lm o s t, 
I any Honda m ade M any 75o ond > 
I G L p a ils 
W heels, tanks, seats, I 
I and disc b ro k e fro n t ends 
5714 I 
M O B U D 
(C o r n e r 
L o o p 
■ 4 ,o B a n d e ra > 684-4/49 
W ill Ir a de 

 sink. stone, ice box Sleeps 8, like new 514oo 434 84o9 
A R IS TO C R A T Trowel Trollers 
The choIce et the qualify buyer 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S TIN H W Y . 
455-o251 

Ion s tru s id e 
VA, short bed O verload, fodder, ra ck , w ork truck $65o or m a ke otter 
Needs pain I 1ob 878 o872 
4 W D 

’ 7 Jim m y, 4 wheel d rive, power steering, brakes, a ir. auto. l l OOO 
695 3391 

LA R G E A S S O R TM E N T LATE " 
M O D E L H L A V Y D U T Y 
O iE S E t TR U C K TRACTO RS 

68 C o m o ro for /IO 
Honda in good cond 972-4747 
I974T a m A H A 125 
4335 
144JT595_____________ 

 v ain a h a 34o C t F 

T A L T 

 durn d irt bike $5oo bes) Ofter 654 1 3oo 
76 Vam oha V T 4oo U k t 

‘74 ( h e w ’ » tan 4 W B loaded 
828 6155 after / 496 o3o3 
ROITER TRUCK CO 

 new H o 
Quick PCS, m ust sell* F irs t 
$9/5 lakes! No good ofter refused 
Copt Weston 
475 o86o 

AVION 
Trove! T ra ile rs M otor Homes 
TRAVELER’S WORLD 
7417 KCOSEVlr L T 
532-4o61 
72 brougham i f 

‘74 C hevy V a n , fu lly eq u ip p ed . 
Custom in t 
J-w ay r e fn g e io to r , 
T V Sgt Tim aeus. wk days before 
4 JC 
321/813 
71 C H E V Y V A N good condition 
V I, a utom atic S19/5 923-7747 
C H E V Y 

I 7*8 3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TR U C K 
SALES A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 H allettsville Tx 

TSO 
WANTED AUTOS TRUCKS. 
TRAILERS, MOTORCYCLES 

Trio vol T ro ller 
Fully s elf contained, new roof a ir, hitch, m irro rs . '77 Ile included 
Like new $375o 141 434/ 
C A B O V FR C A M P E R IO 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

* over IOO Units w Stock 

AUTMoMZIo SALIS TOR: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMMER, 
TROUTIER, 
NOMAD, 
VENTURE. 
STARCRAET, 
HOLIDAY DIAMOND JAMBOREE 
RAIN!-HOMES 

96oo IM 
I 
653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
9 'til dark, Mon -En 
9-4 p.m. Sot 1-S Sundays 

H O N FUN S A LI 
All Steel Frame 
& 2" Walls 
16,888 

Rod!, air 
Motor air, 4ooo 

KW Orion generator ster­ eo, tilt wfte'T. en..ie con­ trol, 44o anoine, duo! fuel tanks, spore U n 7 cu. Et. refrigerator Don't imss this 

 one! 

R e f. S I S , SOU— SAVE $ 1 6 1 2 
M a k in g room for now shipm ent 

G IG A N T IC S A V IN G S O N C lo ­ seout of new 1976 In v a d e rs and 
D e c k B o a ti, Johnson a n d M e r ­ c u ry * Also Rock Bottom prices on 1977 m odels. R ays * M a rin e , 
C a n y o n L a k e , H w y 2471 n e a r 
StortzviHe. t -899-21 IO 
1976 G lo stro n tr i-h u ll. 7o E v in - 
I rude $3,85o Coll 684-3587_________ 
73 Higgscro’fi is w alk thru wind- shieid. ‘73 E vtnrude. tra ile r $24oo-434-3935 
65 bo. Gal 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQ ueeney. 512-557-6622 
Open E veryd oy except M ondo* 
In voder. 115 E v in ru d e . flit 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
824-3248 

! f A l i s s i o n ^ ) 

^ 
T r a v e l C e n t e r ^ 

 tro ller, m any e xtro *, never in salt w ater $2,5oo 492-25o* 
7? IN V A D E R IS' Jet Boat 

1 4 x 8 o , 3 B E D R O O M 
2 baths, furnished, carpeted, cen trot oir. heat, a ir D elivered. 

BILD MART 

AOI florid# e S34-o7S1 
DISCOUNT 

IftftMNwfl mjfgficifl Stow 

Alum Extension ladders. 14-28 ft. $29.4*476.96 
Wire mesh. Sft.xlSOft. roll IO go $33.95; 6 ga. $64.9$ 
Bort srire, 8o rod length, WA ga, 2 pf..................$16.9$ roll 
TRU TEST 3o gal natural gas water heater...................$87.95 
12 ft lincolum $2A 9 up so yd. 
4x8 cedar closet lining, 
$1o.95 
4o Ik bag acoustic spray 
$4 J I 
Posthole digger ............. $7.18 
S-pt point set. ............ $4.95 
S got ext. Latex paint . $16.95 
Cocrug. fiberglos roofing, cleor andcpeen, 8 
$3.9$ 
IO 
$4.95; 12’. . $5.95 

■HO MART carri#* TBU-TIST paint - w h o from 124o 

ONLY $12,995. 
F R E E L IC E N C E 

$ $ $ S A V I $ $ $ 

C A S H ’ N ’ C A M T 
MeitwOwrgt • 4—M axm nil 

JBR Mobile Homes 
114oo IH 35N 
655-o471 
Toke Weidner Rd Exit b e ryl's M obile Mont< Center 
N E W and U S E D 651-6941 
14513 IM 35 N O R T H (S elm a E x it) 
TFT 
B r ia r w o o d 12x6o 
7 b e ­ d ro o m s , I b a th . R e tr io e r a to r , stove, w asher, d ry e r C a rp eted , central heat a ir 494-1369. 

197o Brookw ood 12x46 
I ow ner, excellent cond A ir, central heat, s k ir tin g , 2 b e d ro o m s , I b a th . 
$45oo Coll 494-114o______________ 
B u y th is m o rn in g , m o v e y o u r 

S TA H M A N N T R A IL E R SALES 
IN IO. 3 M i. north of Boerne 
RT 
2 
BO X 
138, 
S A 
Phone. 
224-7474 
O P E N 12-5 S U N D A Y 

 m obile on this afternoon. L a rg e 
H ill C o u n tr y s ite , 15 m in , N 
P a y m e n ts less thon re n tin g in p a rk 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E , 494-1419 or 342-18o8 

•73 ASTRO . 75x14 to 

 stove sink. ice box 
S9/5 i vee 2*5 / 
C a m p e r, I 

 sleeps 
2 couches, 

75 
C H E V Y 
V A M . m a p s , side pipes, skyligh t, stere#, fully carpeted 69o-1446. 
71 Chevy V8 Step Von" JO Si n»'i. low m ileage in su la te d body, r o trig e i’Otion equipm ent. 349-651o, 9 to 5 weekdays 
Cleo 
7o F ord ' lion. new p ain !, 
Bood engine ond tiros, W -R W O com pt r 688 J JOI 
74 D A T S U N Pickup 4 speed with cam per shell, low m ileage, tx cot tent condition, $335o 
737 7143 ar 
B M W ; r74 Datsun pickup with fiberglass c am p e r 
B u rn t o ra n g #, stripes 
3-SPd , c a r p e t, ra d io , b u m p e r, w hitewalls 7 OOO m iles $38oo (in eludes 4 e x tra new w h ite w a lls ) 
I 484 3728 Poth T x _______________ 
• /o - Dofsun 'J toi~t>H k up 4 sp jT.". ra d io h e a te r good tire s 
Looks a nd runs re a l good _ B * o * i i M 

L e a v ** O p e r a t o r * W a n te d 
J-axle Tractors ond T ra ile rs 
924-7273, 333 5894 
M E C H A N IC V 

Buy Junk Cars Iron Etc 
Agree 927 3211-633-2o3o 

 c o b o v e r, tits long wide, 3B stove end oven, ice box, w oter. sleeps 4, S9oo 656 8879 h e il, F o r g e , 4 m o . 

I T 
S P E C IA L 
IN T 'L 
SCOUT. 2 w heel dr standard, a ir, 
4 CVI ............................ 
$1o9$. 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O R T S . INC 
98oo SAN P E O R O 
341 135A 
N E W ond U S E 6 Bum pers 
Light 

Cosh fur clean cars cmd trucks. 
L a rry Canman Auto Soles 
563o San Pedro 
828 4355 I 
---------------------- F T H m ---------------------- 

C a m p e r alum inum hoer gip ss *55 o71* 

C a m p e r shell tor LW B p ick u p 
SISO 435-o266 
C L 6 ? E "8 'u f ?A L I 1 9 7 * 

‘74 SHASTA t * ' j ‘ 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R SALES 
IM IO, 3 M i north pl Boerne 
RT 7 BOX 127, S A Phone 22^226 
O P E N S U N O A Y 12-5 P M 
77 Cham per Pop-Up' fra ile r 
H a rp er M otor Co C am perland 
24o1 S.W M ilita ry 924-5514 
H is Mon F ri t 6 Sun: 1.3o-6 

CASH FO R JU N K CARS 

 w eight lo heev y duty For a ll sizes of pickup trucks *24 6551-2o2 New 
Laredo Hwy 
T T T ia J F " 

PRY TOP PRICES 
For w recked c a r t and Trucks 
A l AU TO P A R T $ . 
222-1o11 

C A M P IN G T R A V E L T R A IL E R S 
K.C 
T R A IL E R S 
S IM up 
71o W EST 
A V E 
735-3931 
77 C oachm an. V /1 Loaded, like 

STARCRAFT 

 new. 54495. 736-6)91, 734-52o3 
C O A C H M E N 

‘74 Dodge 
/ Ion. JOO engine ore, radio, new tires. OMV 19,ooo m iles 
131oo firm O w ner, 473 8o41 

PICKUPS 
7$ F O R D ’ 11, long wide 
'75 OO DG E ' it long wide 
73 C H E V Y '* ! utility 
74 C H E V Y 'rf long wide 
73 FO R D it slepside 
T I C H E V Y »t long wide 

$1o75 Seguin 1-373 O ft___________ 
•45 Dodge cam per van pup Too * sleeps 5 $175o. 494 S it* 
_ __ __ _ 
•Yond 

*8o1 S O U TH FLO R E S 

*1895 
171*5 
*19*5 
*1591 
$1795 
$179$ 

TRUCKS SU NN IN G 
OR NOTI 
224 2245 
T r i LING YOUR t i p 

 sell 
■ T i tamper, 
923 /174 
Ti Coleman (am per 

C abover contained. 

M Y E R * TR AILER SALES 
1)4 Kingsbury 
SEGUIN. 
TX 
Stui i raft pop-up Camper Tratlgr. 

EM ISSION 
T R A V E L C IN T O * 
CxcJutive Dealer For: 
• Mobile [raveler 

• Tioga • Dreamer 
• Cobra • Southwind 
• American Clipper 
Largest Selection 
Save Dollar t 
1 3 o 6 A u s tin H w y . 
8 3 4 - 3 3 4 8 

8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

IT’S I X TO BUILD 
BIG CHEAP 
BOATS! 

Sleeps 4, ti»■ ■) cond *9o-2714 
Slarcraft Swinger * lent camper 

Hi prices paid for clean cars- 
Trucks, etc 727 1142 f d P D O L L A R ! 
JU NK c a r t, trucks strop t?s ms radius San 
Antonia 147 SO IO 

Cleon, ah extra* Call 494-4828 
7* (O L lM A k i pop up font trailer bleeps 6, LFG stove. Icebox spare 
•ire DEL RIO I 291 34*2 
T T T o d g 

 trailer. excellent condition. 
4*2 12o7. 
M VT A R iR A F T h ' T Troller 

•W GMC, HH'; air, tenet oiofTloorT cd Sharp. $15,8oo 1 538 2o21 

Morper Motor Co Comporland 
74o1 S W M ilitary 924-SS14 ■ 
T 'fA R C R A F t Tr 

EMC Motor Horn Rental 

 engine 
5)4 89 >4___________ 
F ib iig ijc * Comae 

M cxl van 
I ton 
111 od condition. 
$775o. 

 l l S tA R C ftA E t T ra ile r; self contained air, 7J OLDS Tow cor. will ceparole 68Ao877 
/* t e r r y 16' 

Doily and Weekly Rates 
PHONE 
6617212 
Lote 1*75 Amerigo Motor Home, 

•44 Dodge pickup trailer hitch Need* rings $32$ or best ofter 653 1 5o1 
•'/Cd DODGE Telephone huck with headache rack $4oo 344 77o1 n OODGE 

PREFORM S VANS 
■ 
OF AMERICA ■ 

TOP MONEY PAID ll 

 fop, bls MPI- 
PU Pickup $18$ 45$ o251 
_______ 
I ra v e l 

T f railer 
Harper Mutor Ce Camperland 
74o1 SW Military-974 5514 
Mrs Mon F n * 4 Sun 
I 1o 6 

87o1 mi looded, perfect, 45o-74*2 lu x u ry Mot 
Home excellent. 
74, Vagabond 24 ti self contained air generator. sleeps 
I. 
I 7>2 3467 
Luxury Motor Homes 

For your Cai. Oi Truck Running or n o t'1 Any condition olsu Junks 
922 1838 

BEST OFFER 
T y 'S o d e t 

' i ion 
341 3*13 

Custom accessories tor Vans, 
Pickups, mini trucks. RV s 
From small installations lo com­ plete Van Conversions 
1o777 P E R R IN B E ITEL 656866o 
USED CARS CLEAN 

I* * # i / i t T o n s ili r i a tie i Semi Sell Contained with 
Air 
Sleeps 
4, s*$e 
62J $82o 
*JJ 117* 
?i»r 

4-sod 
Io n p ic k u p 
$9oo $37 $$o6 
T T T 

76 DODGE TRUCK 
O-1 OO, Camper shell $5oo equity or trade and take over payments 
•est after *15-4619 atter 7 p m or wobporSo. 
I ‘47 O M t T V S i r l 

‘7$ R anchero Squire 
AM FM 
Stereo, power, air, extro "e o n 
$44*5 435-o37o 
/* lA k t O ih XLT. loaded, toke 
Ask up payments, no eguity. call Er mo. *11-1871 
SA N A N tO N IO TRUCKE------ 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 BROADWAY 
723-4281 

Mobile Scout iravel trailer 
Completely sell contained Air, central heal, excellent through out 713-o*84 
HARPER MOTOR c 6 --------- 

•W E B U Y* 
JUNK CARS TRUCK* fa r 
Canna 
* 33-21o1 

TTT stand. 1 
SALES A SERVICE 
GMC, Diamond Reg, Peterbuitt 
7S4 - TIRES girts KCBSsams 

Autom3nv!Ploonrond tQu pi M .i 

"eon. comet. $8*8 532-4411. bum p fr'p ci; *47 Inter notional 
1**4. ie yd bed, tandem axle. 
Good civ 
34ooo 494-e464 
#4 ^1 Co'mind C lassic l ib VA 
Loaded, per lect cond must sell 
SJIw . 
IS H below 
Slue 
Book, 
637-ooo4 
•TI El Ca.i..r.o see ai a.i uort Tex 

MIO 144-1o 
School bus 
44I-4SH body 
$* paoiaapor, and running cand Al. $149$ Vie tor ta : W 
$ W 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel buses 
21o1 NOGALITOS 
$34-47" i H A f t P '' 

Atter 4 3o. 341-7o18 
BoT7'i3~'vius!ong" Irons"'other parts 
333-$882. 

•CO, or COM 349 *444, 128 8574 

73 EiCamtno SS 
V-t, automatic, air. pgwei 
1/7*5 
JAMISON Mtrs Seguin 223H O I 
•74 Ford Bronco 4 WO Excellent 

‘7* Toyota '» ten pickup w ith cam per a ir. stereo, Coli 
Bill 
824 442o or 696-o455 i i Siudebok i i mc lit uc 
344/ 
TW T 

1974 SUBURBAN 

878 6155, altei condition av* OJO 
_____ 
*74 FORD Counfr'y Squirt »agon kioded. nice Take up payments 
9 /4 *6/1 
TV F5-fib T ! w r | 

V t, oulomatir 
White Red 
JAMISON Mtrs 
*4 Super Cheyenne (leo n . I owner loaded 454 motor H O 

 air, power 
$4693 
Seguin. 22 1 32o1 t i eon"! 

 drive train 
44o-1331 
'i i Con n, /h o n . Corvet!# l"spd 
Irons 411 gears tor -*3, up Vet* 
oN-334S i i bomoro flooders, new $Sff"«, ’ 
Corvette engine $1oo Complete 
C orvette re a r suspension and roar end S*Oo Chevy cross ram and corks tor small block $1oo 
(7) F6oX15 tiros on Voile 8" rims 
$8o <21 F /ox I $ tires en Vert# 7 * n im $/S 171 434 he Otis $7o Cor vette bucket seat*. I2- 4J 
$58 up 
69 V#fte leather seats $12$ Many other Corvette and Chevy earls 
J4« 27*1 

CAMPERLAND 
SALES and SERVICE tor 
T E R R Y . TAURUS. T W IL IG H T bUNGALOW Travel Trailers and 
5Th Wheels 
24o1 $ W Military 924-5514 
Mr$ Mon F ri 9 *. Sun I IO-* 
“ ""HEiME-l ' c 'i M Pfe' R SALe £ ' " 
San Antonio s Exclusive 
COACHMEN DEALER 
H E IM E R Makes Coachmen At- to rd a b le l 
T ro lle rs , 
Tru ck 
Campers. Motor homes 924-o334 
3329 S W Military, W af Somerset iT Y o u -o iD N r n i f D — the ITH Wheel you wanted al the 
Trailer Show this past weekend. come to 
IR A V E L TR AILER CENTER 
W e've got em 77 ta 39 in stack 
43o8 Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
72 intrepid T ra v e l t r a ile r ttf', 
>onae-ti wheel I / e * . * / j i 
- l l " 

7$ TERRY 2$ T Troller 
Morper Motor Co Camperland 
24o: S W M ilitary 924 SSM 
Mrs Mon Fri * 6, Sun I 3o * to-TT ’f r A v B l T I A t i Kb £ 
Tour Chalco $1o9$ 923-27*3 
*» 2o Trailer $31oo 41o Fair Ave next doer lo 
Indian 
Reading 
J J U ) ) ! ___________________________ 
28 f r i v o l t r a ile r ,'fu lly self lontomed factory air, deluxe m tenor, must sell this week. Can Pe seen at T o b ev's M o b il Hom e 
Pork, Travel Trotter Section *o4 
$ ksplanade, Cuero. T i 
M i l 
I I 
II ll l f 

Roles 638 7*41, *3* 7119 
Motor home dental 

Boot Low 

Sleeps 4 $14o week 9 lOc mile 655 3351_______ 
1*77 JI Motor Home, sleeps 5 $22 dor. 17 mi Special consideration given to certain circumstances 
Rosery reg 433oo96 
19*7 Open bood 27 

Hoi per Motor Co Comporland 
24o1 S-W Mrbtarv 924-5514 

 sh' t Yr oiler H ’.polie door 
Harper Motor Co Camperland 
24o1 S h MIHtary *24 $$U 
// Urestl camper, self < onla n.d must sot to appreciate H IO * or bes! oftor attar I, *$1-35o7 
USEbsffi W ^ e i f tra ilers ' 
Harper Motor Co Comporland 
24o1 I W M ilitary 924 5$ 14 i t VW compar bus. f mas airt. 
Sleeps I 
Low mileage 
$599$ 
454 724/ 
T F 

Id b evy Cho* sis. m w motor, new retrig Self contained excellent condition 
$$.ooo I 429-2479 
RAHMBERG b v l f WYES" 
Exclusive Dealer tor 
___ 
Titan, Litetie Motor Homes. Mini 
Motor Homes 
7271 AUSTIN HWY 
431o251 
*■" nf our iuh , , 
■ a poi lo super 

I9tt Stern drlVS, 1968 Evinrude. 
21oHP, V I, shoreline tandem trailer, $2)oo 826-3636___________ 
7o Lager ('obin bruiser. * oerg lass, m-board, out board, like new with 1/ hrs $12oo 514-o9S6 
HEW IN V A b E R *B b A tS ------ 

BY OWNER be moved 2 baths. 3 bedrooms builtins. central air, fireplace, small equity, assume contract 
Marion, Tx (1)42o 2825 
1972 Catalina 14 X4o', 7 b*rti M in , 
I bath Central heat. air. $$5oo 
42o-27o8 
FOR 

•ut it takes research, brains, ET MKS tor fast, light, 
J OUGH, s in boats bu«qc »■- 
HONEST value like out 
AU hondtayup UMMATiO Hberglass 
(net pert blown CHOfEfO like branch we OEOFFfO 
* See mtgn cerhhcates, cut-sect ions Insist hi writing AU. JOOS. 
NOT wsi honcfloyup 
(might be only OHI layer, botonet awpovtt 
* See EtOVBi brands COBIA. 
GlASSMASTfl, MGATTA, ■KH­ 
UN! all paid at moi winter S, NOT 
Hoar planned Ear YOU to tottery floor atom absorb OURS have mfgr bsf S and 
SIUIN6 price togs « OUT men commission We ofter linen ce insurance w OUT dealer cut , prepay w OUT penalty 
• See history s finest, mast cam 
S te luxurious comfortable SAK ll 17 14 lift DUE v baw hr stem, walk thru lOWrtdeis from 
FIO NI I t i 
NOT follow bond wagon mfgrs w 'hit ness rush 
• Heel oi bear fVINRUDI deals 
• Used SSYS SS99S yes DtCI boots, etc BANK rotas 
BARBERA SPORTS 
373 broadway at 4th F6M EKE 
SO mon ne years in SA 777 21 II 
9 4 arn Thun Mile 9 pm 
Closed Sat 

I $ft., *shp Mercury. $114$ 
IM I Bass 5ohp Mercury, $319$ 
1*»t, SShp Mercury, $3o5o 
U lt Elite, IShp PT johnson, $43$o lift Boss, IShp Mercury. $414$ 
S A S M ARINE 
Hondo, Texas 424-3238 
8-4 Wkdys, 8-3 Soluroov 
1*61 16 Razorback, fiberglass, 1 

T h £ 
R E T IR E D 
V e ry special 2 bedroom. 2 bath deluxe mobile home on landscaped tai 2 covered patios ond c a rp *" Com ptetely fenced 
P riced to sell 
494 $271 (A N Y T IM E ) 

RED CARPET 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
2*41'N o , 3 YR . . . m a g . 
3*4 precut fir. 
7 /U R . 
4 x *7 /U R .V .4 B . sd#. i r « u * hor dboor d . S I N ag. 

2 7 4 *. 

 texture diag sdg. . . S H N . 
4x3 S/32 mghogpg ^ 

C o rr.liip ? ..1. 1' $19.95 
12 V» ga. I pf. borh w ire 
$16.95 raft 
1 2 'gate, ftooi gala $27.95 
14’ gahr. (taal goto $32.95 
14' gat*, stool goto $37.95 
A U TOP 
QUALITY STOCK 
O N I STOP CINTER 
C I S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(S I2) 924-15S6 

 tri hull. 45 Johnson, depth tinder, 
$1,ooo. 1-429-2429. 

 r 5 £ k BOTt 6 m P h.C ES on In 
( vodors and Dock Boats, Johnson ond M ercury* Service and stor­ age at the Lake. RAY S M AR IN E, 
Canyon L ak e, Hw y 2*71 a ta r 
•ta rtly Ute, 1 899 21 IO 
Sailboats Canoes large selection 

6ooo, FAST, MONEY 
For used motfile homes 
824-124o 
*24-4424 
Henslee if'fctO '. 1-bedrooms, 3 bath, utility room, Large tuning room Like new1 484-388$ 

NEW Sailboat Shop. Austin ■ ta* H.ghlqnd Molt Blvd 4$4-7tTi 
Sailboat Venture 17 with Trails' 

J IB MOBILE KOMES 
New Used, 114oo IN JSN *33-o471 
74 Magn<iliu~<Joij5Te, 24x 58, I b«-~ 

 ond extras, 714-4188 atter $ 
Sailfish ilboat with trailer, ex- i etlenl 
$55o Arm 
734-1421 or 
<43-7419. iK I beat 1*73 Invader. 165 ho IO 

 droom. J bath, centro! heat, air 
Equity, assume. 492-9231 
MOBILE HOME OWNERS 

Trailer 651 8319 
IV VOEA 

Need a little extra cash 
WE buy Mobile Home Tires ond 
Wheels SIO Each. Brin* in or we > pick up 
SUNSET M OBILE HOMES 
2762 S.W M ILITA R Y DR 

Bass Boat D em onstralars 
New motors, trotters. $2295 
6611 Randolph Blvd 
6S4-o3oo 
D IS C O U N T BO AT SALES th u n d erb ird 

__________ 9 2 2 -o 5 4 o __________ 
M obile Hom e fO xtlO Corner Lo! 
Developed, beautiful 679 7885 

 i t ' Thunderbird 
2oo bn Johnson m o to r, d riv e o n custom tr a ile r , i 
$63oo or bast otter 673-o986 

Used Fiberglass Vochts 
B a rtra m 2$ 28-11-44, H a tte r a s 
34-14-41, c a l 77 14 O T H E R S 8o7 
S a n d o llo r. R o c k p o rt. 729-18o8; 
Corpus Christi. 152 712o 

W A N T E D 
Usod W aite r o ll V2o 
I O 733-9*24 734-14o7 

ONE BEDROOM MODEL 
'72 Fleetwood, 44x12, S harp' 
SO U TH P O R T M obil* Homes 
92* 4731 
39o4 S W 
M ilita ry D r 
73 P A R K W 6 6 b 12x45, I' ib attiv 
I bedrooms Assume or rotm ance 
393o4 *5o-9o51 *v *s . 
~iT T > a r V a n e x so 

' N 
DITTMAR LUMBER 

SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Sliong lorn (orrug Iron 

 length) to TO 
... 

Iii? laugh itdof lumber 
...... 

 toibood ties .. . 

Itbeitos Sidinq 

$34.95 ta 

554 bn ft 

54.95*o 

$36 9$ tg 
’Oak Whiskey botreh $14.95 to. 

?4o lh S o rig Eolers 
11.93 SR. 

IS lb felt 4 ta ’rod 

Insulation 3 

Insulation S 

54.49 raft 

94 *q ft 

154 sg ft 
THI MONEY SAVER 

M« $t«r<K«rfc 
|«nfi AmtrKVfd 
W k*r« Cm ah iv y * Bt WK«I«mIb 

 clean, oil extras, sloops 4. S lF doy 
4 IOC m ile 655-o454 
— 77 S tfi' U A i7 ‘ M otor Hom e 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R SALES 
IH I*, I M i north of Boerne 
R T 
7 
BO X 
127, 
S.A 
224-242* 
O P E N S U N O A Y 12$ P M 
Ti" Tioga I'l 
M in i, a ir, sioapt I, 
8,4o4 m i excellent condition $449o 
*74 7131 
T F 

 i t i i t T railer 
H arper Motor Co Cam aer laud 
74o1 5 W M ilita ry -*24 5514 
H rs Mon F r ie s , Sun 1.3o-6 
7* I A S'Al I It T T ra ile r 

|W A N T E D 
7o m o d e l o r la t e r tr a v e l t r a i le r , s e lf c o n ta in e d 
I fie JI I, reasonable 342 o238 

We B U Y A L L Ty p es e l t r a v e l fre tters Call 
M E L 924 331* 
W igw am T ra v e l T ra d er 
T V 

T ita n M a io rh o m e 6 y C ham pion AH sleet Cone construction 
Fully contained, has everything 6 rn os old Cost over $16.o*o $eH tor 
$11,5oo M lle a o t 3289 Selling on account at spinal a rth ritis 
*96 oo75 
\Aya 111 Ta Buy M otor H om e 

 standard, ait 
M ust sell today I Wit! finance C oil 
M r G o n e 431-16*4 
• f s 'r a n 
« iu n > 

 springs S3793 *4*o753 
T o k * over p aym ents1‘74 "G O O D 
T IM E S V A N 
9.ooo m ilos Cot! 

C EN TR AL TIR E CO 
'o3 N H O H L ; 214 5471 

*5 cf WF VY ll body tar p a rls 'a ls o 

 a ir . 
8P8W- tin ily $34oo *54 3413, ■ 
't T T g i e r Y o u r T. r 6,c k u O a ir 
$175o 113-o152 
"ft lo r d Courier 

M A t n £ j n 2 A 4 M i H H I I H H I H H 
Toke over p oxmenfs an f i flifcevy pickup No eq u ity C all o14-76o4 ask tor 
Dennis 
A tter 
I cell 
456 4331 
___________ 
1969 ',T # n F ord ^ i i S l 

6 CVI Chovy enome $65 7 34-9471 eves 
FKevv" 

4 speed. 2* b5S 
IDI 496-38o9 attar *pm 
'■71 Fair'd,'• cyl , new tiros, baf tory, pgtnt $ t m 7/6 3232 
______ _____ 
'i i Faro I cyl stand $85o L ‘»o'<11 astor# l p m 
------------- .xx ..xx 
TYToT aS H r iux. I WB, slondon) 

 i i i . auf#. 
$1,18o I 629-2429 
V i f e v eta M i U i pTTx uii. w m h u our, (amper shall Very peed con dition si /a * Jam as 
21* *1 7 * 

* '.pd .F o rd truck 4 spd . 
39* Chevy engines. $75 353 Ford eng , $144 
219 Ford engines 
Scrapping *4 Dodge D art with goad V I eng Auto , nice body Ail or par! 3/7 4459 
I Chevy fires 

Harper Motor Co Camperland 
2*o1 $ W M ilitary 924 $514 i ale model Iravel tremor, i f , tat- ly self mn tamed alas* patio door. mony exit as. See at 1o11 Compter 
Rd Trailer Park 
M ll I ll ll I ll I I ll M 

Sleeps 5. lu ll* self-contained 
52*o9 712 o357 

Mane 
Ane 
*5* J I IV 
— Winn.'booo 

Model 
Any 
*5 * 7*41, 

88? MOTH Hints sates rn! 

I 
■ 

TO I jill m e uniter 
5.o4o mi sleeps 8 733-157o 
W1nno6* to motor home, I gyp v 
14.ooo mi Exieptieeot condition. 
19,5o* 45$ 5949 

Morper Motor Co Comoeripnd 
14o1 I W Military 934-5514 f ow profit 

I lories Ii, I Series 
*o. w ith l f " Mags ss* eg. 
I 337 448) after S. 
7 l f onset <Jf Transom sn bods condition *48-1*24 
M r P i f l m w n a : 
Agio trap* air, power stggrMg. | brakes Cruise centre! Cap'oms , chairs aux luna AM FM stereo : loo* Privgcy gloss 
9*88 miles 
*9494*7 
/)' ? 6 ltb I co noil ne Von" 

 re ate, air, bum per, pgtrg cteon 
SI 195 et best efter 3*9 954* u T O IT T^ if e r 

224 79oV 
J F fT ,.. .. T x P L O R g l, 

 sharp 

 i i i new lighting 
I*" wheels new peer mgs. shocks, hui et up cgnvos tugs SIM hrm 
341-414* tarty am, tale am 

VANS 

 and interior ports bucket septs, tires, *9* 8724, *9* 1397 
Dodge bart slont / engine it 58 
Call Jim. 43$ i*4 l 

S r m 
IN f i U t « t A l V i d i 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
JO? LetePO Hwy 924 *551 *24*352 rrcwT. 

| t * ‘ ita rc ro ft travel ironer, excettenl US Dawnview 
M O B IL E "fA K y r y - Mid Jet. /"■; to *mgte axle, 1$ in fires, sink. stave and r a tr ite r a ta r . Good cand. $45o *95-9218 a ??1 jUoBiLE Vc6uf; im ■ 

MISSION TRAVEL CENTER 
11o* Austin Hwy 124-134* 
' AH'f 'E,a''TifA^Krgis'N'f i i " 
3*92 H W LOOP 414 
734-5131 
”i 4 f £ t H H d H A M 6 l(W w 

8M 8o18 8o1881 

T O " bon , 

Law mileage, generator, air. tufty 

Custom Trotter brown ond whit* 
Set! Hue weak $4991 415-o37o 
I T i B m * beat meter and t r5‘«T«7 

• WH a RHI At castanet 
• f ill 

I m H x M . 
M M M 

BX HOO I MABINI 

BAA MB V K I en* 
P l in Saxes leu Can I Baal lh* Basil 

BAHOO! MABINI 

Wa Bus an* I vv am 
, Mara,, Trojan 
Sa Pan t OawsMa 
SHO* a A MOOI 
Tau va In a* Nm Mas! 
Now try Nm MST'!! 
TQcutdol 

Salas A Sarvua 
13o7 VV Hildebrand 
733-8333 

R ally m aster, hilly set! m n turned. 
Uke pew 
$545* 
Trod* Term s 
Lf MEILLEUR 
M O O I Ie Homo S o le s 
K E R R V IL L E , 
T X 
<I>2SJ 

I ^ M E IL L E U R 
M O B IL E H O M E SALES 
K E R R V IL L E .TX 
(1)357 4144 i i U W i b tr a ile r 
73 OoOoe Banner 79' 
28 SBO m i . H i e x tra s , fu lly 

Cheap1 
I 
U l t * F e rra ri radials 
(P H *54 7o*1 

$1*9o 225 *5 *1 , *96 2454 
T o ld A o n " 

I tinder) 

 r n carpeted, a u la , 
1*4939$ i i pard Pickup 

 fu lly shag 
2 V t Sits# 

M i l l Ri-al it leu 
Good Condition 641 3394 ai FtfSoV.r.uii Lot A u T 
44V /C li w n * b N c U p auf#, small V I 
IWP i n t ) 149 2*/4 
T T T b T i l- p T c T d V 

74 DO DG E M axi 
‘73 
C H E V Y 
V I, pawer 
......................... 
71 
FORD 
VI, power 
72 (M E VY * sip 
71 F O R D * lid 
64 POG G I' 
& 
6431 iO U TX E 
J1 V Y 6 a im u li po 

$4/5* a ir, 
$3758 

4 * M P I, I spake mops, adopiv in 
VW 4 boll 
$288 ar b e s t o tte r, 
223 lie # atter lpm 

Seif c a rt tam ed A ir, excellent cand S IM # 
1-419-373*. f J P enguin J I' 

 oxcoNeat 
^ 
■ m r condition 

S/958 
$1958 

/J F e m 4 88 (1 6 engtpt. e x c ita n t 
(Phdition redsondbtv s /1 3 8 /* rd parts Wage h e o d 'p q ris 

 sharp! $995 IJJ 8153 

ORES e l I r . i 

 rn im n pickup, 
*8, radio 
. 
$2/95 
TO M B E N S O N IM P O W Tb INC 
•5 *8 tA N P E O R O 
34 t i is * 
Q T P a r i asci U P c<ama6l U 
I U i 
SSIBSSf 
W w i S S w W c--v,yAg f t M w lr b M . I m v S S T T S m 

2 WAIER TRUCKS 
I 
I 8 * i t m 
2 T e a t i n p p i cppdctty S U M 
I 
1*43 in *e rn o 
M M U 17*8 ser ies 3o*8 Oui lu p u s . tv SU M Beth Trucks have Sarpy 
•ars «fs¥u 

71 Ptymesrth pert: 

For sole I em pie U O n 
•8 »17 motel 
Clutch aa lr qnsmtssrep, with shifti is freshly re burn ana ti been m n 4 // 1*3/ 

P f oui End b e m f y * 

 i on turned 
JU 982o 

 r r g s o d t fU tfii Tg g T g r t f g n i tik e new 22* 8334 
27' bodge Trovco Ait e xtid s new en * 59o84 eves 14* t i l l 

11994, *74 3141 eft 4pm 

Coy (a fo m o r o n , wppd'gp [J K I , w ith a lu m in u m 
IS P ! m a s t 
O ay c rP N S a t*, r e b u ilt t r a ile r , need h a ishm g 
*53-4555 ar 
IJJ-I t l l 

 m i i v . g f t i r r W f t w h n f t 
1*75, IM Hp M p rcu ry outboard 
7o gotten g a * tank I a n d * rn ironer 
U k e new s m $ -S 7 H io n 
P e d ro -/!*-4371 
75 fobra'Soft Center can sate' bnoT 
I US hp O E. tm n t canvas caver 

18o6 SPBRTW6 BUGOS I 

I T Y 7 o n S IS T O * *C ^ f^ l^ v lir T c e S * excel cand SM. Rem ington 22 cal rift* sem i-autom atic S II, 484-5747. 

M okt otter 
Very goad condition' *95-8174 
W A FTED ' Us4<i Mobil* Home*. 
CASM ond FAST SERVICE 
CALL MR MILES, 934-4231 
W k TAKE TRADE In 4 WE— 
BUY USED MOBILE HOMES 
CALL 
MAX 
*34 422$ 

 s w 's ^ n T J 
' T’ a 1 bedroom \K ksoHis, cen 
I $27$ $ and W St, 23 Jot I 1* , $37$. > trot heat ond air new carpeting 
Calf Python 4“ Blue IS IS Calf 
Python 4“ Nichat $12$ Coft Pyth an 4” Btu* $13* S and W 14, «’ heavy barrel SUS. $ and W 27, 
3 'I* ’ *248 R em ington 22 Dor- ringer with Ban* handle It t i $ and W 14. IS Spec tai 4" SUS. Coft 
Python J 'j $2*1. Llama IB I $8$ 
A u ra Garcia 27 Long Rift* SITO $ and W 44. 4“ SS $748 used Coft 
Combat Commander Btu# $17$ $ ond W 47, l l SS It * * I and W *7. 
I I SS SIB* $ and W IS 1288 $ and 
W $9 $188 Llama l l Spacial $188 s and W I*. 2' i " *1*o $ and W t$. 4 
IIT * Huger Colorado Centennial 
*21$ 4 and W *1, 4" SS $189 Sand 
W 48.1's B $258 Colt Peacemaker 
*9o Coit Right way Commander 
IH S S and W I*. 2 S IU $ and W 
14, 4‘ $14$ $ and W t i $149 IS/ - 
9mm Blackhawk $14$ S ond W It 
B 4' $17$ Huger 7 ', 41 OM Model with ACP cylinder *17$ S and W 4' 
1375 Far Sate ar Trout 141-8119 
6 v *r Ideo Guns fa Cheese From 

 po ho and awnma. fenced tat. UT 
SA and 
USAA area, 
$18,8*8 
* 8 8 - 1 8 2 7 ______________ 
(1x7o J bedroom"") both central heat, a ir, c a rp e te d 
$7,988 
*98 2844 Financing ovatiabte 
14x14, I bedroom s,' J "baths As sumo p a y m e n ts , law egu ity 
BSI 1711 attar 4 a 
TtTTsT 
I bedrooms Central air heat Assume payments $177 78 
*9 11 4 28 
________________ 
14x14, f tied room 

PRE INVENTORY 
CLEARANCE SALE 
25-4o% Discount 

 a KAROW AM 
• RAMI a Pl rwooo 

AIt 

Fry os anil ncrtot* ta Horeb 
SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 

3 3 1 o ROOSEVELT 
9 3 3 - 6 3 o 6 . 

2 full baths 4 washer, dryer ton air ct 
I 772-3t9$, 
J T IS X ! Western Mtinsiacs 2 bo droom unturn Already sat up 
V e ry tow eq u ity, assum e 144 payments in Highlands 13/ 3558: 1 
*5*8413 

■ U Y —SELL—TRADE 
I 
________ American Loan 
H iK L f , ke m i unto l l W inehesTer 

81? Robie Hww Spaces 

 x ‘"iiiit ‘/iiT ira m n T T K ftg ta ^ rtu C 

7 7 
2 o ft 
C r u is e 

C a b in 
D a d o V , T w in T ro n g g m F ish 
Boxes, Patty, G a iv . T r a ile r , 
14o O M C O r iv * $68*7 
HOLIDAY MARIMA 
Lake Mc Queen*y. 512 557 **22 

298, new. never been fired 548 
1494-7123_________ 
C u t t y 
W in chester l i t i i i shotgun meddled and improved 
$J$8. 
M T O , 

 haus* with swimming pool Paved streets, underground utilities, forge tats, ne pets, best m ain tumid pork in town, on $ E Mrii tray Dr west pf |H37. across from 
Brooks Pieta, Indio-' Hills Mobile 
Home Park 313 o*18 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Mott Point 
' pi cl ut Ne 3 
U M 
«i*<l 
744 nges Si 3.4$ d 
SE 44 
$1o.3$ ndo* $1o.38 

7x4 
2*o t i l 
(OI Fly* 
/■ I i piyaota 
24x?4 Bluuunvm m u m m t*iio ooot$ 
Hoot 
$84 
"CASM AMO CARR Y” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
IM M . Derange 
$33 SHS 

CANYON LAKE a rg * m o b il* hi 
E x ira targe 
$147$, $75 dawn e m * tat 
$4 months of 

 gaiv trader excel cond 454 8854. 
237 5187 

'7* ELDORADO M IN I It 
Like new 8.o88 nit 
TRADE TERMS. 111,944 

73 Cobia H it lr (hull liib p •yin- iu d * im m a c u la te co n d itio n , 
54884. 715 3424 
T u b ! * 1$' 

 mony deer turkey, Javelin*, $4*5 
.'lu r s m — m i----- - j - / i i 
T " “- 
Paym en. t i l 23 a e r me 
IfT l Jilt 
IIH wide fiberglass 
Owner financing avaiiutd* 
Call 
I25hp M ercury * ti cabin with 
714-7944 
A tle***, bathroom pooRtr 

I H w W i rnimrm, u ir 
IO AC if SS H ILL COUNTRY 
* 
^ 
■ 
Oh lance tin * al larg e ran ch , I - _ f 
2U 1So1 
■ T O M T O ^ ^ 
T O ^ B 
FEBRU AR Y Spacial LaT renl 
' I PRICE fit 1978 
Pl ACID Mobit* Park *58 oo22 

' p t a n l T h d ^ m ' l ^ f . I o/ gSVT'TTr ' yalnbaw iraui. p rivet* 
J 
14! ! ' ronaem tra ile r 
Dann i t seth bv reservation 

2.888 cc. Pit ) 1,888 mi ar tra d e tor sm all u e /U t. Sat Lee. I i / at c f d “ iiid r c'emp'T* i i cand Fred I i i I t Ti 
Joe Ii men white spekT 

T I c5#?I= 
Q S rll p$( ■ up Af i m 
_____ a rea! 

Ijfttaft 
4. « j4 - $ t * r nunr 

Chevy ar g S M B ? 

 k ii I) ft steeps $ S till 
66^ -164# f yjfflKipi) 

■ 'S S T iM lil'ft A v r I f f f f l 
E <itusive deeie- tar 
V IN T M R I Tent Compar by Starer oft l ithe Castle On Wheels * 
7371 AUSTIN HWY 
4558151 

 tamed air 132*8 3 4 4 *8 " *' * * * 

” 
$ H A l T A 7 F R 6 W L f t " 

L E M E I L L E U R 
MOBIL E HOMS SAcES 
KE R R VILLE TX 
11)117414* 

JI i i " ; $'. N kp, I vinrpde. tiber glass wot* thru Shatehne hit trailer 
$1*8* ar hest after 
824 289* 

**888 *74 81o2 o. *9 * 2 3 3 4 ^ ^ T O im r 'B la s t r e n ( i f with gutvan lied traitor *1HP Johnson meter e x TR AS) i l l 2499 after lpm or weekends 
T77T 

 t i MHb 
**$•8111 troilus. roncb Tanks. U*dino 
Country. Bass, Cattish. Crappie and Perch SIS day 111 *95$ 

I! FREE I! 
E v tr y athar month I roe fa r I what* year Buckingham Village 
Mobile Home Park *51-1111 t at tai ii" MffWiua 

ACME LUMBER 6 SUPPLY 
IM I Austin St., 224-1417 
Universal City. 458-4131 
— x n r a r n r f i i F f t 7 ? F s — 
HAS EV ER YTH IN G 
TO BUILD ANYTHING a l l o t k O H i A t r ' Uegvv Vinyl 
L meta urn $4 9$ Sa ye. Par cigar anc* Linoleum Remnants. Welt 
Paper 9B-SI.88. Inside Latex St 95 
Gat Exterior late x Hope* Paint 
Best G rad* SS *5 Gal Window 
Glass, Venetiun Blinds SS *5 aa 
Terms U U S. Hackberry GER- 
HARDTS 511-714* 

LUM BER 

T T T x i c U T I V f 25' 
L a a B e d 1 
SU, 5*8 *98 17)4 after • pm 
C x e c u tiv * 6wn"*( 

OOM S MARINI 
1911 Roosevelt. *14 155* 

 m m u r w i an nm I * vet ss News c p u ) i$ tag* 

 tires I" m eat' mag*. I ma t i l * 9U7818 m .,,1 
, Xmerlcgn m eet w itb pew P B B H GY rite * le t 

L R * 

• U N T O 

I n 

SY AHMANN 
IH I# I RU 
ET I BOX IU VA P bu na 2*4 M U u f-iN SUNDAY I H F M 

(A U l i t 'P A * 

19 jft mint meter Rpm# GMC 
Chassis. 8 4*8 M iles 
Sam * as new 
A bsolutely e ve ry eafrb- socrthc* tar l l 1,988 491-2*4} r n n n n x-p i e r . r H a ^ "B« M * 
4 MPS a w . a m m iles 4588 a u h goner atar, I root mr cunddigners and Nu sn arr, s ep arate liv in g 

Steeps 4 L arg e } ar te tr i* I eel MS, M gat Has* water, (1)48 
•e t k e ftw * le a k s $19,754 Kerr vftta, 1-894-3388 

FISH I SKI 
15ft MFG with seta (onset* depth ffttagp, trail mater Den s custom gatvantted trailer M H F Mercury with power trim. 18 gat fuel tank. 2 batteries $154* hrm *98 8411 rnrTesrrr^iBTnrannin" 

 t*71<M *8 * * * * * m > * U M m l 

 m o m -------------- rn Act ro u e w a n i Ag tat ism I i r e t ss ta w s 
CAU 225 t nae 

 imper lei Cherokee, Cath* drat hull. watkthru windshield, t$5hp OMC 
I O s ta rn d rty e , j driven* custom trailer, mony ex trot. W888 After *pm. *54 547* f i r m lass I i . J! m o i. M i j 
M ere , 
M a to rg u id * fra ile r , > trailer 
Bl »** Many athar a r* awned rigs a . a na bl* 
222 9421 

C T x f r ™ 
Van. I m,*#, consol*. 
72$ DMC in b o a rd fe n n e l d rive with fresh w aler ceetthg Live 
• •ft* - f'*h ga*#s pies am tim ag# CE #ad AM rgdta* gad By drgultc trim Igps 
C * (# tl* n l tar 
*n rJ ta A t, ar a tt th o r# G at van* tea tattaam trader arid m ar* U M I I 
Celt a m i te m t a i u n e t * 3 "4 1 4 * 

4o GOOD H UNTING ACRES 
In large ranch, worlds et gam* 

LOU NOR Mobile Home Park 
241$ Castroville Rd e J J 18*4 

 mTTbTiT ~h o m I I < N f iboo s 

L U M B E R 

We’ve get tats at lf. 
L U M B E R lf y#u need 
$1185 dawn payment and S144 l f 
Devers 
$25 ma 
Near bus and bf*"8 tour tis! and per ma Call 714 #598 shopcmc bring your money We guarantee 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 

D E E R H U N T I N G 
3275 PER BUCK 
TBT RANCH 
($11)3*7 3849. M F M 

 ihagpina 
N I , ih o d y A cres t r a i l t r 'k i i fenced, star* roam, trees. $17 54 
Near windsor P8 Moil 83* I /* * o i k m6 U 6 w HW, tai me free 
$43 up Pout Near UT$A, Hotel tats *9*o492, *94-85*8 

 la save you money 
D ITTM A R LUM BER 
IOC icyum Rd 
32*1141 

O n* e t 
T e x a s 
L a r g e s t 
F inancial e rg an tta h an s it rn lores lad ta acquiring a hunt mg lease tar efttcat and cut ta m e rs 
R e p ly fg k x p r e s s - 
M UU. 78297 

I X B tl ss ANO M e t 

A m erican M X i * i M odular 
H O M E $ IN IA N A N T O N IO , inc 
#33-7181 
*23-8441 

C LO $B O DO W N I C A F E S 
Scotsman Ic * M d k v r, l l ’ Stainless 
I fro c k rn hex; H e b o " m odi sheer, 
R e frig e ra te d soda ar Bear h e x . I cash re g is te rs ; ta b le t, c b a irs . aals, pans dishes fla tw a re , hoar I model gas fry ers , grides. I cam p o r tm o a t s in k w ith d is p o s a l 
M any athar item s 
I*# * '5 P R E S A 
SI* t a r e . 

More 
Classified 
On 

Hill IP ll I I W i l l 

Three beautiful 
^ 

 evenings to remember 

Swam:' 
I 

/ he I nit rd States and my country share a 

3ooo-kilometer border, said Guillermo Rossel de La 

Lama, Mexico's nae Minister of Tourism. 
It con­ 

 nects and unites us — not dirides us. 
This a as the 

 spirit of 
Three Evenings to Remember in Acapulco 

— a gala journey for press and world socialites 

 hosted by the Mexican National t ourist donned and 

Rra niff Internationa I. 

MILDRED 
WHITEAKER 

EXPRESS NEWS WOMEN S [D U O * 

The engraved invitation read: 

Mig uel -Heman, preside!! Ie- 
(.on se jo A a d o n a i de I aristae 

 d e Me. K U O , a n d H a r d i n g I.. 
La ie re ti ce, c h a i r m a n o f the hoard a n d president, It rn ti iff 
I n t e r n a t i o n a l C o r p o r a t i o n , request the h o n o u r o f your presence for th r ee Lceilings to R e m e m b e r in A c a p u lc o . 
February, 1o77. 

Inside the creme-colored folder. 
Hie evenings with hosts and hos­ tesses were listed i i i order. 
I glanced at my calendar. Then phoned an acceptance lo the closest of the five RSVP designations rang­ ing from New York to Dallas to 
Mexico City to Acapulco. 
OneTiundred and fifty members ot the international set accepted the same invitation — the globe trotters generally known as the ‘"Beautiful 
People.” 
Also some 5o members of the press including our own syndicated 
Washington. D. C., columnist Betty 
Beale; former San Antonian Nancy 
Holmes, a staff member of Town and Country Magazine who travels the world as a freelance writer and photographer; and a contingent from Women’s Wear Daily. All B P ’s read WWD. 
At the last minute, the editor ol 
Vogue had to cancel. 
The “ Evenings to Remember” began on Friday. but Thursday was no day to forget It was the prologue to the adventure. 
A Bra Iliff DC-8-62 jet left John F. 
Kennedy International Airport at 
3:3o p.m. A Bramff 727-2oo left Dab las-Fort Worth Airport at J p.m. I was aboard the latter. 
My seat-mate was charm in’ 
( lie ray Duchin. wile of pianist Peter 

See ACAPULCO, Page H E 

A BO V E, model of the new Colder plane for 
Braniff. Circle, Bruno Pagliai greets Miguel 
Aleman and Mrs. Lyndon B. Johnson at the 
Pagliai party in Acapulco also attended by former Ambassador to Denmark and Mrs. 
Guilford Dudley, left, of Palm Beach and 
Nashville. 

M ARY and Harding Lawrence relax at their villa in Acapulco after a morning press conference — and a swim. Lawrence is president and board chairman of Braniff International. 
PHOTOS BV BRANIFF AND MILDRED WHITEAKER 
ADELE SIMPSON 

 oman 

 t his is the first o f a six-frort series excerpted f r o m 
* lion- to Re a n 
A ssertive ( \ < t t . tggres- sice) ll oman in Life, in 

Lace, a n d on the .lith. by Jean Raer. Published bs .\e ic A m e rit'd ti L i ­ b r a r y . c o p y r i g h t 
( c) 
1o7b by Jean Raer. 

FROST BROS 

There’s a chicken You can cook it. You can order in. Or we can go out. I’m not doing anything.” 
Ile applauded ( "Thank God you’re not playing m artyr again!” ) and took mc out lo dinner 

Furthermore. I found that once I said “ I don’t want to do that” to my husband. I could say “ I can't take care of the dog while you’re on vacation” to my stepmother and ” 1 want x-v-z provision in the con­ tract” to my agent. 

Andrew Salter, a leading 
New York psychologist who is considered the father of mo­ dern behavior therapy, prefers the word “ excitation” to assertiveness ( ’’Assertive­ ness has aggressive connota­ tions” ). 
Ile contrasts “ inhibitory” people with “ excitatory” tro­ pic. “ Tho inhibitory try to be everything lo everybody, and end up by being nothing to themselves 
“ They are chameleons try­ ing to please the people they are with. They express every­ thing but what they feel. 
They find it difficult to say no. 
They an* always doing things they don’t want to do.” 
Assertion 

In contrast, the excitatory person “ is direct. He re­ sponds outwardly to his en­ vironment When he is con­ fronted with a problem, he takes immediate constructive action 
“ Ile sincerely likes people, but he does not care what they may think. He makes rapid decisions and likes responsi­ bility. Above all. the excita­ tory person is free of anxie 

^ 
I FEEL PINE - 
D inner ? you 
’/by COo< IT I 

One of my mother's dictums stressed the ne­ cessity of giving your husband a good dinner. 

And I always did, even though I g«»t up at six. worked all day at a very demanding jol), and usually came home wanting a little French maid to bring me dinner i i i bed. 
The only French maid available was named Jean 
(me), and she felt she had to serve her husband the gour­ met food Mama had brought her up to feel was proper fare for a hardworking man at the end of a long day. 
No hamburgers for me. 
One Friday I came home after a particularly taxing day, took one look al that mangy chicken in the refri­ gerator. went upstairs, took a bubble bath arui retired to bed with a highball and a good spy story. 
' 
My husband, Herb, arrived some time later, took a look at me, and inquired with con­ cern, “ Are you sick?” 

I answered, “ I feel fine. I just don’t want to cook ton­ ight. You have a choice. 

HER COM PU I E SPRING & SUMMER COLLECTION 
W ILL BE MODELED INFORMALLY TOMORROW, 
DOWNTOWN: TUESDAY AT NORA Ii STAR M ALL. AND 
HER FASHION ENVOY WILL BE HERE TO 
ASSIST YOU WITH SELECTIONS. 
COUTURIER SALON. 

Far too many people con­ fuse assertion with aggres­ sion. Nonassertiveness is self-denying, inhibited beha­ vior where you allow others to choose for you 
Assertiveness is making your ow n choices, standing up for yourself appropriately. 

See ASSERTIVE, Rage 2-E 

F 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 I 97/ 

Assertive but never aggressive 

Continued from Pago I-Ii 

 and having an active orientation to life. 
You stand up for your legitimate rights in such a way that the rights of others are not violated. 
Aggressiveness is an act against others that minimizes their worth as people, where you enhance vourself at the expense of another person, stand up for your rights in such a way that the rights of others are violated, and achieved by in­ flicting deliberate hurt. 

\ oil attack the person rather than his/her behavior. Frequently aggressive behavior may take the form of an outburst that stems from past pent-up anger. Letting someone else know your angry feelings at the time they occur can be assertive behavior. 
As Salter says. "Excitation (or assertiveness) is a two-way street. 

Aggressiveness is a one-way street which pays no attention to the wishes of the other person. It is nonadaptive." 
Because they have beett socia­ lized to be submissive, women particularly get confused when they want to speak up. They set* the alternative to keeping quiet as aggressiveness — and that s 
"unfeminine.” But the Assertive­ ness Training (AT) goal is to be effective iii an appropriate way. 
Let s take some situations com­ mon to women and show what possible nonassertive, aggressive, and assertive responses might be. 

SITUATION ONE: Recently you met a new man at a ski resort. He volunteered to drive you back home and en route you stopped for dinner. When the check came he discovered he had little cash and no credit curd. 
Nim volunteered to lend him the 

 money and forked over $25. That was a month ago and you haven't heard from him since. You want vour money back. 

SITUATION TWO: 
You’re in line at the supermarket eounter with a shopping cart full of gro­ ceries The quick checkout counter is closed. 
You’ve already been Nice Nellie and let one woman with a few items go ahead of you. Now, a second woman asks. ‘"Can I go through?” 

SITUATION TH REE: You have a very dependent and talkative friend whb c alls every day at six o'clock just w hen you’re preparing dinner. You can never get her off 
Hie phone. 
Here are the answers: 
SITUATION ONE: The man who owes you money. 

Unassertive: 
You do nothing. wait for him to call, and hope 

 someday you’ll find the $25 check in the mail. 

Aggressive: 
You call him and say, “ Listen, what kind of person are you? You owe me money and you don't even have the decency to pay it back — or even to get in touch with me. I have the feeling you'll never pay it back.” 

Assertive: You call and explain, 
“ I’m calling about the money si­ tuation. Perhaps you’ve forgotten the $25 you owe me. Can you send me a check for it?” 
And if he says. "I don’t have it now,” you counter with, "What do you think we should do about it? I need the money.” 

SITUATION TWO: In line at the supermarket counter. 

Unassertive: You let the second woman get ahead of you and inside you seethe ut your own passivity. 
That night you take yoni anger out on yourself or your family. 

Aggressive: You berate the wo­ man with some crack like “ Don’t be so pushy.” 

Assertive: 
You say, “ Sorry. I was here first” and start getting 
\ our money ready for the clerk. 

SITU A TIO N T H R E E : 
The friend who is a compulsive tele­ phone talker. 

Unassertive: Day after day you continue to listen, following your familiar pattern of putting her needs ahead of yours. 

Aggressive: "Listen, other peo­ ple have problems too. only you never seem to think so. I ’m getting pretty tired of listening to you say the same things over and over.” 

Assertive: 
“ Look, I ’m glad to talk to you but this is always a bad time for me. Let me call you back after dinner w hen my mind will be clear to concentrate.” 

Monday in the Express: The rights of women. 

ESTEE LAUDER S 

NEW COLORS FOR 

YOUR SHINING HOURS 

 they're the sun-cheered colors 

 you’ve been waiting for. 

 slick them on like a bright idea, 

 wear them like a smile. 

 on lips, eyes, cheeks, nails, 

 there are the early pastels that 

 wake up the morning, 

 the sunset streaks that 

 o u r new wave of swimsuits in all 

 landscape the sky. shades you can’t 

 wait to find, all gloriously 

 touched with gold to dazzle 

 day or night, come in, 

 let us reveal the new ways to shine for you. 

 ours exclusively, cosmetics. 

SUN FLASH 

 for getting in the swim. 

 rn 

- 

 jm I SSBI 

 the sunstruck versions, making 

 a splash now in our sport shop, seen here, 

 the strapless, H to lh sizes, 44.oo. 

 downtown and north star mall. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

Teens touting a touch o f Braille 

Braille T-shirts may be­ come the newest fashion fad! 

Louis Braille, in 1824, de­ vised the system of raised dots for touch reading and writing by the blind. He never dreamed then that his evolutionary method would appear on American bo­ soms. 

A Washington firm. Daze!, will place quarter-inch raised dots on 

 custom ordered shirts to spell out the name of a school, organization—whatever. Imagine the impact of a T-shirt which re­ quires “ touch” in order to read the lettering! 

T-shirts have already had a tremendous impact on society. 
Every individual can be a walk­ ing signboard with his lettered cotton knit proclaiming “ Keep 
America Clean,” “ Property of 
San Quentin” or “ Champion Beer 
Drinker.” 

No longer is a T-shirt meant to be worn as an undergarment. 
Youngsters who used to take 

 pride in a T-shirt boosting Texas 
University or the YMCA now in­ sist on screen prints of heroes ranging from King Kong to Tony the Tiger. 

Every shopping center has its own T-shirt printer-painter with designs ranging from CB buddies to Beethoven. 

Every cereal box and cookie sack offers a coupon for ordering a T-shirt. My school teacher friend wears with pride her cotton knit which reminds her English student! — “ Don’t Use No Con­ tractions.” 

T-shirts can be ordered today in pairs. One set has become especially popular. “ I ’m with 
Stupid.” says one of the shirts. 
The other, intended to walk be­ side the first, says “ Stupid.” 

Another popular dun is 
‘lie s the Boss” on one shirt and “ Boss” on the second. 

I'm so impressed with the money-making possibilities of the 
Braille shirt, I wish I had thought of it myself. 

It struck me as so clever that I immediately wrote to a friend to share my find. “ Can you ima­ 

 gine today's generation wearing shirts that invite fondling?” I asked her. 

Yesterday she answered my letter. She enclosed a T-shirt advertisement of her own from a 
Michigan newspaper, lier T-shirt find topped mine—by far. 

The ad told of a New York firm who sells a T-shirt that could affect the moral tones of Ameri­ ca's T-shirt trade. 

“ I AM A V IR G IN !” the shirt announces in bold black letters 
Then, just below tin1 phrase, it says in smaller print, “ (This is an old shirt) ” 

FROST BROS 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S —Sunday February 27 1977 

Beautiful 
Pellet 
Prints 

Worth a 
Thousand 
Words 

Four Flow er 
Studies By 
Ida Pellei 

Priced from 

CUSTOM 
FRAMING 

1941 trafenckifcvrg ltd, 
734-6227 
633-524o 

5 3 o 3 Broadway 

 dinner. 

Banana, navy, 

 blue, 

 chamoise. 

Misses sizes, 

$ 2 2 o . Accent 

 crinkle crepe 

 de chine 

 blouse, $ 2 2 . 

8 2 8 -8 2 8 6 

Couple to observe 
5oth anniversary 

Mr. and Mrs. Chris F>. 
O'Connor vs I ll celebrate their 5oth wedding anni­ versary Sunday in a joint mass and reception with their son. Brother Ter­ rence K. O'Connor, who celebrates his 25th anni­ versary of religious pro­ fession i i i the Society of 
Mary. 

SPRING . 
. 
. 

ARO 

S R O * Standing room only fashes bring a fresh new look for the Spring Time Season. From top to bottom, . Agent , a slacked wood wedge heel in colorful combinations of navy multi, or ton and camel multi 29,95. 
Blossom , a fashionable look with great comfort. Tern cloth insole and a cushiony crepe bottom sole. Available rn tattersalw with rope, green multi with rope, white with rope, or navy with rope. 
22.95 ' Iceland ’, a leather on leather combo in kidskins red, yellow, camel, or white 26.95. Bottom, featuring 
Vina with a new molded leather sole construction in white kid, bone kid, or terracotta kid. 
29.95. 

WINDSOR PARK • 
• NORTH STAR • 
• WONDERLAND • 

The couple and their sun will be honored at 
5:3o p rn. Sunday with an evening mass in St. 
Peter s Catholic Church, followed by a reception from 7 to o p.m. in the 
Central Catholic High 
School Activities Center. 
Friday the couple and 
B ro th e r'O’Connor at- 

I tended Jubilee Masses which were con-celebrat­ ed in Central Catholic 
High 
School, where 
Brother O’ Connor is a faculty member. 
The O’Connors were married Feb. IT. 1927. in a 
Nuptial 
Mass at 
Blessed 
Sacram ent 
Church in Lawton. Okla 
The have five children: 
Mrs Edmund ll (Mary 
Lou) Okruhlik of Hous­ ton: Chris E. O'Connor 
•lr of Hampton, Va.; Sis­ ter Bernadette O'Connor. 
Ct AT of Pittsburg, Pa . 
(apt. (ret.) Timothy P. 
O'Connor and Brother 
O’Connor. 
They have 12 grand­ children 
Before his retirement iii 19(18, Mrs O'Connor served with the Ameri­ can 
Red ( mss for 47 years, including 23 years as director of the Ameri­ can Red Cross at Et. Sam 
Houston. 

MR AND MKS. CHRIS E. O’CONNOR 

Wives Club to see styles 

Randolph 
O fficers’ 
Wives’ Club will have a brunch Tuesday. March 
8, in Randolph Officers’ 
Club. 

Social hour will be at 
1o:3o a.m. followed by brunch at 11:15 a.m. 

Rhodes will present a fashion show. 

Hostesses are mem­ bers of DPMS/Air Force 
W elfare Board. 
Mrs. 

Jam es Poore man. is chair- 

Reservations must be made by 4 p.m. Friday, 
March 4. 

This w e e k ’s d ate book 

M O N D A Y 
1o a rn SAN A N TO NIO MUSIC 
CLUB, board of directors, in Ft. 
Sam Houston Officers Club in the 
E l Oorodo room 
11 a m R E T IR E D O F F IC E R S 
W IV C S AN O W ID O W S. 
'n the 
Ft 
Sam Houston officers club. 
Fifth Arm y Chorus directed bv 
Louis C. W ells will perform after luncheon M rs S W M urphev is toking reservations l l JO a rn W E S T W A Y CLUB. 
K o s id a h 
R e v ie w 
I i / , N o rth 
Am erican Benefit Association, in 
E l Rant no Mexican Restaurant, for luncheon and meeting. 
I p m C H A R T E R BX, F E O , lh the home o* M rs L B Connell. 
Assistant hostess will be M rs. 
C larence G rah am M rs J Carlos 
Jones will present 
God Mend 
Thine E v e ry Flaw '* 
M O p m 
B E T A L A M B D A 
C H A P T E R . 
Epsilon Sigm a A l­ one. with an ed u cation al p ro ­ gram on aw ard s presented bv 
Helen Meerscheidt. Eastess will oe Je a n Griffin 
I JU p m 
CO WI C L U B , in 
N orthrop Bu ild in g No 
219 at 
Trinity U n iversity 
G am es day party plans will be made 
I JO p m P R E C B F T O R GAM- 
MA G A M M A , 
Beta Sigma Mm, in tne home of M rs 
U e n n etta 
M on sou r. She w ill p re s e n t a program on Texos history. 
TU E S D A Y 
IO a rn 
G R A C E L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 
W O M E N , rn th e ch u rch 
M rs 
E s th e r M c G re w fcardin will present "A Unique 
Needle and Tnreod Story ’’ The 
Sa ra n C ircle, M rs. Otto T e e d chairm an, will serve ai noon. 
IO: M o m . L A U R E L C L U E , rn the B rig h t Sh aw l 
M rs. J . M. 
Lam m win be hostess 
I I IS a m 
R B B U P U C A N BU 
SINESS W OM EN 'S CLUE, in the 
V in a F o n ta n a F o r t y R oo m 
Sp e a k e rs w ill includ e B o n n ie 
Sunvtson, Manuel Ooregon M o r­ ea, Jo s e E s ta ia . P h il Pyn d u s. 
V an 
A r c h e r 
J r an d H e le n 
Walter 
I p.m. C H A P T E R I ITO, 
Na tio n ai A sso ciatio n of R e tire d 

I Federal Em ployees rn the Shrine 
Activities Building 
J p m 
T U E S D A Y 
B O O K 
R E V IE W CLUB, in the home ot 
M rs M artha Moore Sister M a r­ garet Rose Palm er wLH present the boos review 
7: JA p m D IS T R IC T I , T E X A S 
N U R S E S A S S O C I A T I O N , in room I.IU? University of Texas 
Nursing School. P re Convention issues, bylaw am endm ents and election ballot w ill be on the program. 
I p m 
SAN A N T O N IO A A M 
M O T H E R S C L U E m A g g ie 
Park. Election at officers will be held. 
I p m 
W O M E N 
O F 
T H E 
MOOSE, 
C hapter 1(1/5, In the 
Mo^se to m e M rs Jo Ann Mite- 

 oen will be guest speaker. Lun­ cheon wilt follow 
W E D N E S D A Y 
IO a rn C H A P T E R E E , FE O , in me nome of Mrs. W C- Lone wan M rs O E 
Ford as cohos fess. Mrs. R W. Curtis will pre­ sent the program. Election and installation wLH be neid 
1o a rn 
SAN A N T O N IO C O L ­ 
L E G E F A C U L T Y W IV E S CLUB. in the home of Betty W right. 
H ostess w ill p re se n t the p ro ­ gram 
11 3o a m 
O ISCIM US ST U D Y 
C L U B iii the home of M rs. W 
M 
L a n d ru m w ith M rs . N eat 
M o g to rd as co h o s te s s 
M rs . jim m y Elrod will present "T h e 
Times of Our Lives 
Noon, F E N W IC K CLUB, in the 
Son Antonio Country Club M rs 
W illia m 
S w m n y of 
T r in it y 
U n iversity w ill speak on "T h e 
O ral Tradition " Eostesses ore 
M m es 
Ja m e s L o u n e . W a lla c e 
Carnahan. Compoed Smith and 
M rs W allace Com anon ill 
Noon. OP TI M R S. C L U B OF 
S A N 
A N T O N I O , in 
Jo s k e s 
H om isFair room M rs Louis Bi shop w ill sp e ak on " F i e s t a 
Dresses on P a rad e ." M rs 
Pete 
Contu is ch airm an ond M m es 
Sam Hopkins and M ark W ittig a re greeters. 

T H U R S D A Y 
* Jo o rn 
L A C K L A N D O F 
FIC E R S W IV ES CLUE, in the 
Lacklan d O ffice rs Open M ess 
Program will be a demonstration bv me OWC Crofts Group and a toyman show from the Base Golf 
Shop Hostesses will be the OWC 
Craft Group l l : IO a rn 
S A N A N T O N I O 
C H R IS T IA N W O M E N S CLUE, in Canyon Creek Country Club 
M rs M arion M cHhaney of Austin will speak 
A rte l! Billingsley will be s o lo is t 
M a r y M a r tin w ill p ro vid e 
Tips on F lo w e r A r. rouging 
M mes Jam es Counco and Billy Kothmann are taking reservations. 
4 p m 
S U B S T I T U T E 
T E A C H E R S OF SAISO, in Bur net Elem entary School. 
« 4S p rn 
LA 
V I L L I T A 
C H A P T E R , 
Am erican Business 
Worn bi is Association, in Luby s 
C a fe te ria on R o m a n o P io c u . 
Copt 
Ken Stachurski will speak on 
Contributions by Women lo the M i li t a r y . " M rs 
M a r lin 
Taylor will be vocational speaker. 
F R IO A Y 
IO o m C H A P T E R OO, PCO, in the hom e of M rs 
W ill A 
M om s* J r 
Election of officers will be held. 
IO JO a rn C H A P T E R X, PEO, in the hom e of M rs. 
Al W 
W a rn e r 
C ohostesses w ill be 
Mmes Irene K. Ketchum , M orris 
W. M cG ee, John W. Russev and 
L 
Rogers Sm ith 
Ele ctio n of officers will be held. 

A guard ring protects her diamond solitaire on her finger: first gift. And a guard ring enhances the solitaire s beauty with added excitement , second gift. Two stunning examples in 14 karat yellow gold with diamonds 
— shown with two handsome solitaires in 14 karat yellow gold: 
A. Guard, $275. B. Solitaire, $75o. 
C. Guard, $55o. D. Solitaire, $45o. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone SM 

Usa one of our oortvenof* charge plans or 
Anrwncan Express * BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E Houston Siree! • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Mood of spring fashion 
Toastmistresses plan meeting of Council 8 is colorful and feminine 

Council 8. Texoma Re­ gion International Toast­ mistress Clubs, will have 
Us third quarterly meet­ ing Saturday in Oak Hills 
Motor Inn. 

 wardrobe, 

 takes you 

 daytime into 

ADELE SIMPSON'S spring collection includes these A z­ tec prints, both in fe a th e ry -p rin te d geo rg ette 

 dimension 

 to a basic 

 in this “ realities collec­ tion" include the shawl with long fringes or flowered borders to match the border print of the dress. 
Waists 
Mrs Simpson s clothes this season are waist­ line-conscious, although not always with clearly defined waists 
Little laced bodices ap­ pear on evening dresses with miniscule waists. 
Tilt1 same fabric or color combination may appear again in a slim-wrapped column or one-shoulder dress. 
There are four major groups of her latest col­ lection. First is the com­ posed dressing for the realities of busy business and civic lives — soft suits with eased jackets, skirts and blouses, and versatile coats and dresses Second is the group of day dresses iii border patterns and bright colors. Third is her disco-dressing de­ signs — fluid, graceful dresses for restaurant dining and disco dancing. 
Fourth is for the indivi­ dual, personality dress­ ing, for the woman who wants to be remembered and noticed at her best. 

Dr. Bessie Pearce to address club 

Woman's Club of San 
Antonio will meet at 2 p m. Wednesday in the clubhouse. 
Oiliest speaker will be 
Dr. Bessie M. Pearce, assistant dean and pro­ fessor of English at San 
Antonio College. 
Also participating in the program will be Irma 

Gesche, Mrs. Arthur 
Friedman and Mrs. Lor- ene Higbie. 

Members of Pastime and Timely Topics round tables will be hostesses. 
Mrs. Marion Tarin Jr . and 
Mrs. 
Evelyn 
L. 
Schults are chairman of the two round tables. 

The spring “ realities" of fashion from one of 
Am erica s leading de­ signers. Adele Simpson of New York. come to San 
Antonio this week. 
The collection will be informally modeliMl all day Monday in Frost's 
Downtown designer salon and Tuesday in North 
Star Mall 
Mrs. Simpson's envoy. 
Alfred Klauber, will be on hand to chat fashion and to assist with selec­ tions. 
The New York de­ signer’s collection fol­ lows the month long whirlwind of F ro st’s 
“ California 
Fashion 
Rush" — a salute to the 

Golden State’s many ta­ lent iv! designers. Among those featured were Bob 
Mack ie of Cole, Belga and Paul Scott, president of Ernst Strauss and 
Schnell Sports. 
The California fashions will remain til all Frost’s stores. 
Now the focus switches to the East Coast and 
Adele Simpson's forecast for spring. 
Design 

The purpose, the per­ son, the taste and the intelligence-of American women today are what 
Mrs Simpson and her daughter and associate, 
.loan Raines, term the 

“ R ealities” on which their spring designs are hast'd. 
“ Nothing derived or contrived," says the pe­ tite designer. "These are clothes with the ring of truth in softness, gentle­ ness, appropriateness and quality." 
The collection features vivid color — clear reds, greens and navy, fresh raspberry and blue and the naturals like bamboo 
Color is linked with pure silks and cottons, jacquard weaves, ultra- fine woolens, wool and matte jersey, Ultrasuede, faeonne satin crepe, silk georgette and chiffon. 
Functional adornments 

Members of the Yellow 
Rose Toastmistress Club will be hostesses. 

Highlight of the event will he the annual council speech competition. 

Jackie Ross of Center- light Club is chairman of the contest. 

Ultra Sueded 
Importance. . . 

The Ultra 

 suede jumper, 

 an added 

Contestants are win­ ners of their individual club contests. Winner of the council contest will compete for the Texoma 
Region title in Tulsa, 
Okla. in June. 
Those competing Sa­ turday are: Rae Penoft. 
Evelyn Reininger, Pau­ line Wright, Ai d is Har­ rison and Sylvia Martin­ ez. 

PEG G Y COLLINS 

Special guest will be 
Texoma Region P re s i­ dent. Peggy Collins of 
Bartlesville, Okla. 
For more information contact Lorraine Kelley. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS -S u n d a y February 27 1977 

Love designed Valdez home 

THE FRANK M. VALDEZES, Omar, Lance, Janina and Frank 

PHOTO BV H M DEAN JR 
Dieting on Jiber 

A 
Lovely w rites: 
“ P lease explain what 
“ high-fiber” m eans in relation to dieting. 
Friends of mine have ta­ ken up with high-fiber diets. 
They say it means eat­ 

 ing a great deal of roughage. 
Does this cause a loss of weight? Is roughage good for you?” 
The answer: High-fiber foods include whole grains, oatm eal, brown rice, beans, soybeans. 

B v ------------------- 
Mary Sue Miller 

TRAVIS PARK 
JEWELERS 

428 N. St. M a ry's St. 
N ext to Slue Bonnot Hotel 

SALE 
DIAMOND EAR STUD MKT 

AU HME QUAUTY FUU CUT DIAMONDS 

Pork fro * Up to I Hr. with Pwrchato 
At San Antonio Bonk A Trull O arage. 

C ath , Budget, Layaway, BankAmericard 
Matter Charge, American Kiprew 

T ra v is P a rk J e w e le rs 

N e x t to the B lu e Bonnet H o te l Lobby 

4 2 8 N . St. M a r y ’ s 

 cabbage, peas and bran. 
All approved reducing diets recommend those foods in balanced amounts 
The foods are not only nutritious but help to prevent constipation, a disorder of modern life. 
Various renowned me­ dical men have studied the use of fibers in the diet and recom m end increased amounts as a way of preventing nu­ merous abdominal and other ills. 
On the other hand, re­ searchers have found that an excessive intake can result in the loss of es­ sential vitam in s and minerals; that increasing fiber intake should be a slow process. 
Otherwise, the stomach may react with m um ­ blings and grumblings — hardly a peaceful condi­ tion. 
If, for exam ple, you take in a portion of w hole grain cereal, a slice of whole grain bread and a raw vegetable, you will be with a healthful diet. 
Before taking up with any diet, however, you should consult your doctor. 

This is an absolute ne­ cessity before tying into a bushel of fiber. Thus far, balance is the secret of a diet. 

E ver have the feeling that everything is so perfect, and going so smoothly that you hold your breath thinking — some­ thing's bound to happen. 
M agdalena Valdez laughs saying, 
“ We are so happy. We love our home and think we have the greatest chil­ dren. We are so lucky — I hope we stay that way.” 
Frank and Magdalena Valdez m ar­ ried 15 years ago in California. She didn’t change her name, not because of woman’s lib. her name already was 
Valdez. (This simplified their honey­ moon trip to Hawaii, Japan and Hong 
Kong. Her passport was ready with 
“ Valdez” on it.) 
Frank had worked on designs for a bowling alley and a IO story apartment building in the F ar E ast and they visited the buildings. 

Frank 

Frank is a native of our tow n and his degree is from University of Texas in 
Austin. After working for an architec­ tural firm for a year and a partnership for four, he opened his own firm. 
He taught courses at UT in Austin in the architectural field. He is now tak­ ing courses in it at UTSA. His firm does schools, churches and buildings with a home or two a year. He likes variety. 
He had planned on commercial art 

"When I'm grown, I'm going to be a millionaire, an d I like to sketch my m an sion; g u a rd s an d grounds.' — Omar Val- dez 

 butv architecture won his heart. Res­ toration work is also a favorite. 
He belongs to American and Texas 
Institute of Architects and Task Force of the Chamber of Commerce for the 
Trade Fair. He is a past president of 
Sembradors de Amistad. past director of Cham ber of Com m erce, form er 
Symphony board member, member of 
Urban Renewal and city planning commissions, past national president of LULAC and was a member of Pan 
American Optimists. 
He enjoys fishing and hunting with his family. Tennis and golf also inter­ est him. The whole fam ily enjoys evening walks. 
Oils and watercolors of his can be seen around their home. 
“ I really like to cook, as long as I don't have to do the clean u p ,” he 

ALL 
IN THE 
FAMILY 

 laughs. 

Magdalena 

Weight 

To diet or exercise? In­ dependently, both will work wonders on your fi­ gure. But together it will make you a head-turner. 
Mv new booklet, WHY 
WEIGHT?, offers a sen­ sible two-week program for trim m in g those edges. 

For your copy write to 
Mary Sue Miller in care of The Express, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 

5323 M c C u llo u g h the taro 
92oo b ro a d w a y - quadrangle mali 

Magdalena grew up at Laguna Beach where they m et through m utual friends. 
Living in San Antonio since their marriage, the last five years have been in their present home. The house was ail old three story home with an acre of land curving down to Olmos Creek. 
Combining their architectural and ar­ tistic talents they have changed it into a showplace. They’ve added spacious rooms to the lower level. The yard has been terraced and beautifully land­ scaped with a patio on one level, a gazebo on another and a picnic table area on another. 
“ We are a tight little family group,” 
Magdalena says and take on projects together.” 
The family belongs to St. Peter’s 
Prince of the Apostles Catholic Church. 
Her mother still has a bridal shop, 
‘‘Gowns by Valdez,” in Santa Anna. 
Magdalena studied dress designing in 
Los Angeles and likes to design clothes for herself and her daughter. “ Of 
Souffle 
I recipe contest 
Souffles will be the category for the next San 
Antonio News recipe con­ test. 
Five dollars will go to the person entering the best souffle recipe by mailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297 be­ fore March 3. 
Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite and sign your nam e, giving your ad ­ dress and daytime tele­ phone number. 
Only tested recipes are eligible, and only one entry from each contes­ tant will be considered. 
The winning souffle re­ cipe will be published 
March 17. Watch for the winning recipe using cauliflower on March 3 and the winning recipe using English peas on 
March IO. 
Altar Society plans meeting 

The Day of Recollection of Our Lady of G race 
A ltar Society will br 
Thursday in Our Lady of 
Grace Catholic Church. 
Father Matt Menger, 
O M I., will conduct the service. Registration will be at 9:3o a.m ., followed by mass at 11:15 a.m. 
Mrs. Charles Toudoze is chairman. 
The society’s monthly meeting will bt* at I p.m. 
Friday, March ll 
M rs. Ja m e s Lowery will speak on “ Through 
Irish Eyes." Maxme Hall will be hostess, assisted by Mrs. Catherine Aus­ tin, Leola Bagby, Mrs. 
Lon Travis and Martha 
Wooten. 

 course with the jeans craze — Janina isn’t too interested in dresses.” Maybe when she reaches prom stage, Magda­ lena will get her chance to create beautiful gowns. And then there’s al­ ways the bridal gown! 
She has used her love of art and fabrics to create large applique hang­ ings. She has joined the Needlepoint 
Guild to learn new methods. 
Magdalena has served on the boards of Witte Museum. YWCA, Texas Al­ liance of the Arts and is a juist presi­ dent of Sembradores de Amistad. The first organization she joined when she moved here was the Women’s Com­ mittee of the San Antonio Symphony. 
Magdalena and Frank both love to entertain and to cook “ fancy” dishes. 
“ Magdalena makes beautiful desserts such as baked A laska and cheese cakes.” Frank says. 
“ I’ve given cheese cakes to friends for Christmas for years,” Magdalena laughs, “ and this year I decided they would like something different. I guess 
ITI go back to cheese cakes — they were all disappointed.” 
“ We take family vacations to th*' coast or to Mexico and also short trips for just the two of us,” she adds. "We like to visit my mother in California. 
We’re planning a winter trip to Colora­ do now.” 
“ We enjoy the children’s fun at places like Disneyland, Six Flags over 
Texas, or Lion s Country. We plan to visit relatives in Spain when the chil­ dren are a little older.” 
M agdalena and Frank have four children: Frank, almost 14. Lance 12; 
Janina ll and Omar 9. 
Frank is a eighth grader at Alamo 
Heights Junior High School. His fa­ vorite course is history. 
He plays on the tennis team, both 

"We enjoy the children's fun at p laces like 
D isn ey la n d , Six H a g s 
Over T exas or Lion's 
Country. We plan to visit relatives in Spain when the children are a little a ld e r.' — M a g d a le n a 
Valdez__________________ 

 singles and doubles. He also enjoys football, bike riding, jogging after­ noons and hiking on Alamo Heights nature trails. 
Hunting and fish ing are other hobbies he enjoys. “ Once, on Bob Hall pier we ran into a school of golden croakers. We caught about tit) and filled our ice chests. Now fishing is pretty slow.” 
Frank plays piano, enjoys skating, pool, ping pong, reading fiction and enjoys doing his homework listening to his stereo. He collects stamps and used to play golf. 
He would like to he an architect and will get “ inside” tips working sum­ mers for his father. He will choose 
Princeton or UT in Ausin. 
Lance is a seventh grafter at AH 
Junior School. Ile also plays tennis and is on the Student Council. 
He collects coins and has many old 

 ones from his grandmother. He also has some Canadian and Chinese coins. 
He enjoys the outdoors and likes to fish and hunt and play ping pong He has taken up golf, but is now concen­ trating on tennis. 
Tennis is important and in fact he may be a tennis pro and a lawy er. He’s picked Princeton for his college choice. 
Port Aransas is his favorite coast spot. Frank and Lance both played 
Little League for a number of years 
His chores include w atering the many house plants. 

Com bining their a rc h i­ tectural an d artistic ta ­ lents, the I aldezes hare changed their home into a showplace 

“ My friends are starting to have parties — you know — dancing and stuff like that,” he says 
Janina is a sixth grader at St Mary’s 
Hall. She likes art and music and has taken piano lessons 
Gymnastics is top on her list of in­ terest. She won a blue ribbon for vaulting. 
Very sportsminded, she has taken tennis lessons, played hockey and won a trophy in track. She s been swim­ ming since she was three. “ She swims and dives like a duck," her Mom says 
She does m acram e and beaded jewelry and gave both for ('hristmas. 

Her Siamese cat. Jack. Is her pal. 
Slum ber p artie s are still going strong and 15 girls giggled and talked through lier birthday slumber party. 
She’s learning to cook desserts be- 
• cause that’s her favorite and to sew. 
Omar is a fourth grader at Cam ­ bridge. Math and art are his favorites with art as No. I. He loves to draw constantly, especially Army pictures. 
His parents say he is very good at draw mg. 
“ When I’m grown. I’m going to he a millionaire,” he says seriously, "and I like lo sketch my mansion, guards and grounds.’’ 
He plays violin in the string orches­ tra at school and wants to continue with violin lessons 
He builds model airplanes and rock­ ets and decorates his room with them 
IU1 also likes to catch minnows and frogs and bring them home. He has a goldfish named Alfred and a guppy named Guppy. 
He likes to ride bikes and play bas­ ketball 
Tin* Valdez home was featured on a city pilgrimage and their kitchen was featured in the October issue of Kitchen and Bath Ideas by Better Homes and 
Gardens. The charming yellow tiled island work center was made by all of the family. 
“ We try to give th*' children a moral and religious upbringing,” the Vakle- zes say 
“ And we believe that our togetherness is what makes our happi­ ness.’’ 

NEXT WEEK: Meet the Bothes 

SAVE 
1/3 
ON WALLACE STERLING 
FLATWARE 
PLACE SETTINGS AND 
1/4 
ON OPEN STOCK, 
ALL CURRENT PATTERNS. 
ASK ABOUT 
OUR SILVER CLUB 
PLAN. 
GIFT SHOP, 
DOWNTOWN AND 
NORTH STAR MALL. 
FROST 
BROS. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

CHERAY and husband 
Peter Duchin 
NANCY HOLMES a t Cut* tural Center 
BETTY 
BEALE a t press briefing 
N AN C Y 
KISSINGER a t 
‘third evening1 
DEEPLY tanned Dr. Henry 
Kissinger 

HUGE Selection of 
SPORTSWEAR 
AND DRESSES 
Junior and Misses Sizes 

Acapulco connection 

Continued from Page I E 

D u c h i n a n d otic of the m u c h p h o tographe d and w r it te n a b o u t P a n d e r e r sisters of New York City in their single days. The other is P a m Sakovvitz of 
Houston. 
“ I j u s t flew in f r o m 
Seattle w here P e te r was playing,” sh e explained 
“ His o r c h e s t r a will be p la ying in Acapulc o the first two evenings, but he w o n ’t a r r i v e unti l S u n ­ d a y . H e 'l l be in N o r t h and South Carolina.” 
Slim a nd t a n n e d , s h e w as d re s s e d c asu a lly in 

 b e ig e knit s l a c k s , pink shirt and carried a quilt­ ed jacket. 
T r a v e l clo th e s v arie d from women coiffed and 
“ dressed to the teet h” to thos e inform ally attir ed for t h e 
A c a p u l c o sunshine. 
Mr. a n d Mrs 
R o b e rt 
S t r a u s s of D a llas w e re s e a t e d b e h i n d us. T h e genial f o r m e r D e m o c r a ­ t i c n a t i o n a l c h a i r m a n a n d his w if e w e r e in 
Washington for the State 
D i n n e r h o n o r i n g M e x i ­ c o ’s P r e s id e n t and Mrs 
J o s e 
Lopez 
Portillo. 
I h e a r d h i m m e n t i o n to 

( beray that he had ‘ din­ ner with Averell . . . and was going to Russia and 
I r a n soon to s e e s o m e people...” 
T hat kind of c o n v e rs a ­ tion w a s to s p i c e th e whole trip. fascinatin g lots of this and that and nam es , na m es, names. 
S u p e r - p r e t t y a c t r e s s 
D e b o ra h Ruffin w a s on b o a r d . 
And 
E s t ce 
L auder. And B aron and 
Mrs 
Ricardo de 
Bor* tanova of Houston and a n d R o m e And f o r m e r 
A m bassador to D e n m ark and M rs Guilford D u d ­ ley of N a s h v i l l e a n d 

OF 
A 
Go-eVfejCrWrnefe DCPY, 

 e-PfcjREP WITH VUJtr- , 
ITH WH ITC., n?eet> \flrm K!eg>v 
7— /'V- 
••‘couocu s ic ilia Final •• 
HcCoivaxjn --T\r*n&rd 

P a l m B e a c h . And th e 
P e r r y B a sse s , a n d H e r ­ m a n L a y s and Mr. a n d 
Mrs. Algor IL Meadows, all of Dallas. 
Probably the one of the m ost beautiful sights in the w o r l d is t h e f i r s t glimpse of Acapulco Bay fr o m a n a i r p l a n e . T h e g r e e n h ills a n d m o u n ­ t a i n s a n d t h e g r a c e f u l curve of the cove holding the indigo wafers. E v ery ­ thing se em s to glisten. 
I lien we w e r e on th e ground, and H arding and 
M a r y 
L a w r e n c e a n d m a r ia c h is w ere th ere to greet us. Also the w a rm , w arm tem p eratu re. 
I couldn’t wait to get to o u r h e a d q u a r t e r s , t h e 
A c a p u l c o 
C o n t i n e n t a l 
Hotel, and out of that wool p a n t su it. T h e re a l a d ­ venture was beginning. 

H H S I 
EVENING 
T i n 1 fi rs t 
“ E v e n i n g with H a r d in g and M ary 
L a w r e n c e a t C a s a S a r ­ a p e , Hotel Las B ris a s ,” h ad its s h a r e of m e ­ m o r ie s . F o r one th i n g , fans. 
Never go to an outdoor gala in Acapulco without a fan. They not only keep you cooler, but look ele­ gant and coquettish. 
The most elegant of all 
(p e a c o c k f e a t h e r s ) w a s b e in g w aved by f o r m e r 
San A n t o n i a n J e a n e t t e 
( M r s . O ctaviano) L o n ­ goria of Mexico City. The 
L o n g o r i a s , s t a y i n g at thei r “ c a s a ” iii A c a p u l­ co, w e r e a m o n g t h e h u n d r e d or so U.S. and 
M e x i c a n c i t i z e n s w i t h 

Poly/Vinyl 
Jacket 

 reg. 
4o.oo 

 now 
23.9o 

Smartly detailed jacket of poly/vinyl at an unbe­ lievable sale price. W on­ derfully soft, smooth ultra non-leather that can be kept clean with a damp sponge. 
A selection of wanted colors. Sizes 8-1 6. 

F R A N K B R O S 

On Alam o Plaza— Central Park M all 
W indsor Park M all 

 homes, co n d o m in iu m s or a p a r t m e n t s t h e r e who joined the festivities. 
Jeanette was wearing a stunning tunic en se m b le bv Oscar de la Renta with a rebozo w rapp ed aroun d her head as only she can. 
It h a s b e c o m e a t r a d e ­ mar k. 
T h e L o n g o r i a s i n t r o ­ duced me to m a n y of the g u e s t s , i n c l u d i n g t h e 
B r e n t is C o b b H a l e s of 
California (h e ’s a retired m e r c h a n d i n g “ g i a n t . ” and she's a native of Yu goslavia). 
J o a n n e a n d Bob H e r ­ r i n g of H o u s t o n w e r e there (sh e’s T V ’s Jo an n e 
K i n g ) . 
And Loel a n d b e st-dressed Gloria Oili­ n e s s 
( m y . b u t s h e ’s t h i n ! ) . A n d b e a u t i f u l r e d - h a i r d A r l e n e D a h l a n d h u s b a n d 
S k ip 
Schall rn. 
And the E d w a r d Lithi- c u m s of Dallas (s h e ’s the fo rm e r Mrs. Clint M u r c ­ hison); the Alfred Bloo- m i n g d a l c s a n d 
J u l e s 
Steins of 
Los 
Angeles \ 
(Stein is renowned for his p h i l a n t r o p h i e w o r k in f o u n d i n g th** L A. eye bank). 
T h e b i g g e s t f l u r r y ca m e with the arrival of 
M r s. L y n d o n J o h n s o n , who looked r a d i a n t in a brown chiffon gown and wide gold ne ck la c e . L a ­ dy 
Bird was with her longtime friend and New 
Y o r k p h i l a n t r o p h i s t . 
Mrs Mary Lasker. 
O u r h o s t e s s 
M a r y 
L a w r e n c e w o re a violet jersey gown by Halston. 
This was probably the d r e s s i e s t of t h e t h r e e evenings — hut in Aeac- p u lc o a w o m a n a p p a r ­ ently can w ea r most a n y ­ thing to a night party fr o m a s i m p l e c o t t o n c a f t a n to a n e l a b o r a t e 
(but cool) gown. 
Th e m e n w e a r c a s u a l s h i r t s — o fte n t h e e m ­ b r o i d e r e d w h ite g u a y a - beras. And nothing looks better. 
SECOND 
EVENING 
T he second evening be­ longed to New York fa­ shion designer Halston. 
One purpose of the trip 
— in addition to relishing th e jo ys of t o u r i s m in 
Mexico — was to see the new fashions Halston has d e s i g n e d for 
B r a n i f f flight attendants. 
T h e p r e s s p r e v i e w e d th e c lo t h e s d u r i n g th e m orn in g in the outdoor th e a te r at the new and a rc h i te c t u ra ll y s t i m u l a t ­ in g A c a p u l c o C u l t u r a l 
C e n te r. We ll show you p ic t u r e s of t h e m on a n ­ other day. 
Noo ntim e found most e v e r y b o d y g a t h e r e d at the Acapulco Yacht Club to hoard small yachts and cabin cruisers for a b a r ­ becue picnic on n earb y 
P u erto Marques Beach. 
As reported earlie r. I 
“ s a i l e d ” oil t h e b o a t owned by the Longorias' da ughter and son-in-law. 
B e rn ard o a n d J a n a B as­ que!. 
T h e “ E v e n i n g w ith 
Halston” was at A r m a n ­ do’s outdoor Taj Mahal 
R e s t a u r a n t 
— w ith d a n c e - f l o o r s , 
. d i n i n g floors, b a rs , w alk w ay s. etc. surroun de d by water. 
This m a k e s for visual d e­ light, but d e m a n d s great care. More than one guest stepped into the water. 
H a l s t o n s h o w e d h is s u m m e r fa shio n c o lle c­ tion to e n t h u s i a s t i c a p ­ p l a u s e f r o m t h e B p s 
(even the m e n s e e m e d interested). 
THIRD 
EVENING 
T h e t h i r d d a y w a s a 
“ g ra nd finale.’1 
F i r s t , a p r e s s conference with Harding and M ary L a w r e n c e at t h e i r v il la . M r s . L a w ­ r e n c e is M a r y W e lls, ch air m an of the board of 
Wells. Rich, and Greene, one of New Y o r k ’s top advertising agencies. 
Then the came the five brunch or lunch parties given by 
B P ’s with homes in Acapulco. 
Word was out that the majority of the B P ’s were hoping for an invitation to the Bruno Paglia i party. 

SOME 7 o guests a tten d a poolside luncheon hosted by Kika and Bruno 

H e ’s th e m u l t i - m i l l i o n ­ aire Mexico industrialist formerl y m a r r ie d to a c ­ tress Merle Oberon and now m a r rie d lo a young 
Italian countess 
E v e ry b o d y w a n te d to sec the house Bruno had built for Meric — whe re the P a r t ia l s live 
Luckily, m y invitation read: “ Poolside Lunch — 
Kika and Bruno Pa g liai.” 
Later, Pagliai told m c laughingly that the guest list “ st arted out at 2o and grew to 7o.” Many m o r e people w ere there. T h e petite and quiet Kika — clad in a white te rry caf­ tan — had enough food for e v e ry b o d y , tho u g h she looked tense at times. 
T h e house, high on a cliff overlooking A capul­ co Bay, is Moorish in in­ spiratio n. Lush g a r d e n s a n d g r e e n e r y give it a look ot an Oriental p a r a ­ dise. I was taken on a tour by M aria J o s e Pa g li a i, th e v i v a c i o u s s t e p ­ d a u g h t e r now d e si g n in g fashions in New York 
Then c a m e the finale 
“ Even in g to R e m e m b e r ’’ in t h e g a r d e n s of t h e 
Acapulco Continental Ho­ tel. Sra. C a rm e n Romano de Lopez Portillo, F ir st 
Lady of Mexico, had been sc h e d u l e d to join Mrs. 
Alexander ( ’ald er in u n ­ v e i l i n g 
C a l d e r a la s t work, but was unable to be there, ( alder died last 
November. 
C o m m i s s i o n e d by 
B ra n if f. th e w ork c o m ­ bines the red, white and green of Mexico with the red. white and blue of the 
U. S. The ab st ract design will he transferred to the f l a g s h i p of 
B r a n i f f ’s 
Mexico fleet, said L a w ­ rence. 
F ir e w o r k s p u n c tu a te d the unveiling 
Sharing the finale spot­ l i g h t w e r e Henry a n d 
Nancy Kissinger, in Aca­ p u lc o on v a c a t i o n a n d s t a y i n g in th e A l e m a n home. 
K i s s i n g e r — d e e p l y ta n n e d — has a stro n g r es e m b la n c e to the late 
Spencer Tracy. Nancy is far m o re attractive than she ap p ears in pictures 
Friendly, too. 
Th o u g h t h e r e w as no chance for serious q u e s­ tions. Nancy did tell me her full-skirted blue and white, scoop-neck d res s was by Oscar de la Renta 
( “ I love his th in g s,” she said) and that her h u s ­ b a n d ’s snow w h i t e g u a y a h e r a w a s pur­ c h a s e d “ r i g h t h e r e in 
Acapulco." 
T h e K i s s i n g e r s w e r e se a te d with Mrs. J o h n ­ son, Mrs. L ask er, Mrs. 
A lic e F o r d y c e ( M a r y 
L a s k e r’s sister), Aleman 
( f o r m e r P r e s i d e n t of 
Mexico), an d G u ille rm o 
Rosed de La Lama. Mex­ ico's M i n i s t e r of T o u r- sin. 
A s k e d how he w a s spending most of his time in A cap ulco . K iss in g e r answered: “ Catching up on my reading. After all, 
I h a v e n ’t read anything but state documents for the past eight y e a r s ! ” 
And t h a t ’s the way it w a s last F r i d a y . S a t u r ­ day and Sunday in ever- su nny Acapulco, the “ Ri­ viera of the W est.” 

P agliai a t th e ir m u ltim illio n d o lla r home on Acapulco Bay 

PRENTIS COBB HALE, Octaviano Longoria, Denise Hale and Jeanette Longoria (note the fan!) 

BEAUTIES Arlene Dahl Schaum, Joanne Herring and 
Baroness Sandra de Portanova watch Halston show 

 t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —-Sunday Feb 
27 1977 Page • 9-E 
W atercolorists set reception 

M arch m ay com e in like a lamb, but the social lions will keep calendars churning with activity. 

The San Antonio Watercolor 
Group will have a champagne reception at 7:3o p.m. Friday in Trinity University's Chap­ man Graduate Center Library. 
Bill Bristow, chairman of the 
Department of Fine Arts, will gi\e a half-hour slide presen­ tation on watercolor. 

The party will show off the 
5o paintings in the traveling exhibition of th e A m e ric a n 
Watercolor Society, which will h a n g in the li b r a r y until 
March 16. 

Assisting; 

The library will be open for viewing from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, from 9 a.m . to 5 p m. Saturdays and from 1:3o to 5 p.m. Sundays. Beth Ei- delberg and Tom Pressly are co-chairman of the exhibition. 

Committee chairmen assist­ ing include Louise Beckham, 

EVE LYNN 
SAWYER 

 reception; Betty Gene Haile and Ivan McDougal, in v it a ­ tions; M a r g a r e t J o n e s , d o ­ cents; and Barry Scott, student tours. 
The San Antonio Watercolor 
Group was organized iii the summ er of 1974 and has some 
25o watercolorists ut all levels of achievement. 

Activities include 
“ paint* outs'' held at scenic sites in the area, four demonstration- seminars a year conducted by* nationally acclaimed guest in­ structors. and lecture-presen­ tations by professionals in the arts and related fields. 
Members also have the op­ portunity to compete in one major group-sponsored, juried exhibition a year. P artic ipa­ tion is also encouraged in spe­ cial events jointly sponsored with watercolor organizations in six o t h e r s o u t h w e s t e r n cities. 

LARGE SELECTION OF 
OLD FAVORITE AND 
HARD TO-FIND BOOKS AND 
^ ^ 
RECORDS...INCLUDING 
‘FOLKLORE1 AND ‘SCHOLASTIC 

 mAWUU eyes 
THE TOY STORE THAT LIKES CHILDREN! 

53oo McCu l l o u g h t h e y a r d 

Express-News W ant Ads 225-1666 
Duchesses, debs plan spring party whirl 

D e b u ta n te s a n d d u ­ chesses in the Order of the 
A lam o’s Coronation of the 
Queen have so many parties scheduled in M arch , they a r e go in g to be r u s h i n g from one to the other. 
Miss Elizabeth Ames will be the honoree at a wine and cheese party Friday iii tin* home of Mr. and Mrs. George Mead with Dr. and Mrs Allen F. Kingman and 
Col. and Mrs. Dillon Snell as co­ hosts. 
San Antonio Country Club will be the setting for a luncheon Su- 
/►'lurday for Misses Ames. Heather 
Douglass, C a th e rin e Harwood, 
.la rn ie Killian. Margaret Paved. 
Laura Pryor, Jenny Roberts, Rita 
Ro/elle, Beth Walters and Lori 
Z ie g ler, 
H o s te s s es will be 
Mmes 
R. 
L. 
Brusenhan 
Jr. 
G eorge M 
McDougull, Nelson 
Miller J r . . Louis Romano and 
McFlwrath Du Bose. 
That evening a meriendu will honor M isses Am es. S u z an n e 
B u r n s , C a ro ly n C a lv e rt, H a r ­ wood, 
Killian. 
Roberts and 
Ziegler with Messrs, and Mines. 
Elkin McGutighy, A lbert M. 
McNei l Jr.. Frank L. Dickson and 
Sam Madill as hosts. 

Mrs. Alfred Morrison will com­ pliment lier daughter, Miss Mor­ rison. will! a tea in the Argyle 
March 19. That evening, she and 
Mr. Morrison will introduce their daughter at a dance in the Argyle. 
Mr. and Mrs. Ja m e s VV. Gor­ man Jr. will honor Misses Ames. 
Suzanne Bellwine and Roberts with a champagne brunch March. 
2h in their home. 
That evening a merienda iii San 
Antonio Countrv Club honoring 
Misses Calvert, Killian, Harwood and W alters will be given by 
Mines. Ruth Barrett White, Jack 
Mayfield, Estelle Yates Holmes and Miss Becky Ann Spencer. 

A wine-tasting and cheese party in the San Antonio Country Club 
March ll for Miss Harwood aud 
Miss Connie Steves will be given by Mines. Albert M a ru c h e a u , 
George Judson. Dudley Walker and John Webbies. 

San Antonio Country Club will also be the setting for a luncheon 
March 12 given by Mrs. Dorothy 
H. Spencer and Mrs. Otto Koehler for Miss Morrison. 

A Casual Country Party that evening iii Sisterdale for Misses 
Killian and Walters will hiv e as hosts Mr. and Mrs. Humberto V. 
Reyes and Mr. and Mrs. Charles 
Richard Eyster. 

CATALOG CLOSEOUT 
Women’s Shoes 
Save ®4 to ‘6 a pair 

Supper Dance 

A "soak party” honoring Miss 
Killian will be given by Miss Ce­ leste Killian March 25. Miss Usa 
Stieren will be feted at a German 
Supper Dance that evening in 
Beethoven Hall by Mr. and Mrs. 
Wallace McGee and Mrs. Wesley 
Nutten. 
Mrs. Allen Richards and Mrs. 
John K. Walters Jr. will fete Miss 
Walters with a coffee in the Bright 
Shawl March 26. That evening 
Mr. and Mrs, Walters will intro­ duce th e i r d a u g h t e r . 
Miss 
Walters, with a dan ce iii the 
Bright Shawl. 
Mrs, P o rt e r Loring J r . and 
Mrs. Robert Ayres Jr. will com­ pliment Miss Walters with a lun­ cheon in the San Antonio Country 
Club March 27. 
La Mansion will be the scene of a cocktail buffet for Miss Chris­ tian given by Mr. and Mrs. 
Patrick Kennedy on March 27. 

Luncheon 
Misses Ames, Martha Block. 
Carolyn C ream er and Harwood will be honored with a luncheon 
March 13 iii the home of Dr. and 
Mrs. Thomas F. Hogan Jr. with 
Dr. and Mrs. Brad Oxford and 
Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas A. Saigh 
Jr. as co-hosts. 

T hat ev e n in g 
Miss 
Alicia 
Christian will be honored with a 
Sunday supper given bv Mr. aud 
Mrs, Stanley Sehoenbauni iii their home. 

A St. Patrick's Day dinner in the Argyle March IT will fete Miss 
Creamer with Mr. and Mrs. Joe ll. Frost as hosts. Misses Ames, 
Culvert. Elizabeth Engelke. Har­ wood and Morrison will be the honorees at a cocktail supper in the home of Mr. and Mrs Lvmun 
Webb with Mrs. Marshall Webb as a co-hostess March 18. 

Your Choice 

> 
Picnic f 
Miss Margaret McCullough vv ill 
M c Miss Dev vie Morrison with a 
.•picnic at noon March 6. That 
\ e v c u i n g Miss Sally Wilson will compliment Miss Lisa Stieren wuh a tennis party at the T-Bar- 

MORE 

Annual San Jacinto luncheon scheduled 
'Bt w 
The 12th annual meet- r^L mg of San Jacinto Des- 
J* C e n d a n t will lie at noon l'L Saturday. March 12. in the 1836 club and r e s ­ taurant. 
The luncheon is iii hon- or of its new Sun Antonio 
’ Chapter No. 5. Elmer Roy 
Collier is the San Antonio f o u n d e r / p r e s i d e n t and th e 
Rev. 
Albert 
C. 
Walling ll is the San J a ­ cinto 
D e s c e n d a n ts founder-prsident. 

The board meeting will begin ut ll a in., followed by a noon luncheon. 

Sue Flanagan, director of Sam Houston Memor­ ial 
Museum at 
Hunts- 

FORREST BIHN 
FINE El RMTI HE 
2122 V .Main Ave. 
Ville, will speak on “ Sam 
Houston. After San J a ­ cinto.** 
Miss Flanagan is the author of “ San Houston's 
Texas” and "Trailing the 
Longhorns.” 
Sun J a c i n t o D e s c e n ­ dants Inc. is a state or­ ganization with chunters also in Austin, Dallas. 
Furl Worth and Houston. 
Goals of the group are to p e r p e t u a t e the me* mary and spirit of the heroes al the Battle of 
Sun Jacin to aud to e n ­ c o u r a g e h is t o ric a l r e ­ search about the battle's soldiers. 
For more information, contact Mr. Collier. 

While (Joantities Las!.' 

 were *8.99 lo ‘ 1o.99 iii 1976 Spring Catalog 

Dressy and casual styles 
Wedges 
• Sandals 
• Slings 
Rope-trimmed wedges 
• Thou; 
T-slrap sandals 
• Clog sandals 
Sizes 5 to IO. Not all sizes in all styles— so hurry! 

• I he Shin- Place 

Colonists Daughters plan state meeting 
AN 
OUTSTANDING 
SELECTION OF 
FINE 
FURNITURE, 
LAMPS, AND 
ACCESSORIES 

T ex a s 
Society 
Daughters of the Ameri­ can Colonists will have the f o rth c o m in g s t a t e 
Assembly of the Texas 
Society 
W e d n es d ay through Frid a y lit the 
Monger Hotel. 
Mrs 
Robert Dawson 
Evans, state regent will p r e s id e . 
Mrs. 
I I M 
CrosswelL regent, and members of the San An­ tonio San Jose ( atony will lie hostesses, 
Gyest of the Texas So­ 

 ciety will he Mrs. Louis 
Winfield P a t t e r s o n of 
O k la h o m a City, p r e s i ­ dent of the National So­ ciety. Daughters ol the 
American Colonists 

D ele g ate s from the 
Rose VS indow of San Jose 
C ha pte r will be; Lucy 
Alice Posey, state corre­ sponding secretary, and 
Mines John W .Crutcher, 
Edward W. Conley, Mux 
F Schneider and Mrs 
< buries St iii ti. 

Erma Bomhcrk: 
(iltftrmilced to Start 
\ our Dun w i th a I -ill! fill 

Ev«ry day in the Express. 

V l t l t i M * o » » « i r * l w r f 
Mi Ct. a- .i Ii hW Hit 
Wm«I lilt H s « | 
O MI *♦ 
Where America shops 

Sat is fact ion (iu a ru n tn d or Your Mon will In hostesses arca churches 

Dillard’s 

 k< ) \ i \ I K ( ) \ 
H 
I H 
Y 
,. ' J j p y 
^ 
/ j 
P P ,? 
^ w for adventure . . . excitement. . . face life w i t h 
Koret of California® 
Let your imagination run wild! Captivate the world with your uniqueness! Take a photo safari to your favorite park . . . lunch at that special intimate little place . . . stroll through lush gardens . . . into the mainstream of a busy life, cool, self-assured, vibrant in your sunny colors of yellow, green, navy. 
Face the challenge of life confidently in cool, comfortable, easy-care fabrics like no-iron polyester/cotton Koratron\ Available in sizes 8-18; jacket, $36, pants, $2o, gauchos, $23, wrap skirt $18. Tops $16, “T" shirt, $15, S-M-L. 

Fam ous Label S p o rtsw e a r 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 1o 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PL AZA, WINDSOR PARK 

' ' V 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS - Sunday February 27 1977 
Page 
J-F 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
North Star Mall 

CAROLYN SPEARS 
\ IRGINIA STONE 
LOIS PARKHOUSE 
Announcing yerw'ii 
Headliners of 1977 

Women in Communications, 
Inc. ha named five outstand­ ing professional women as its 
1977 Matrix Headliners. 
These top career women will share the spotlight with Mar­ lene Sanders, ABC News vice president and director of tele­ vision docum entaries at the 
‘joth annual Matrix Table on 
M arch 18 in the Anacardic 
Room, St. Anthony Hotel. 

Honorees are Leis G. Park- house, life insurance agent with M assach u setts M utual 
Life Insurance Co.; Carolyn H. 
S pears, p re sid in g judge of 
County Court at Law No. I; 
V irginia Stone, first grade teacher at Woodridge Elemen­ tary School; Vivian M. Kiel bossa, office m anager, Kioh bossa Provisioning Co., anc 
Thelma Ledger, information director and assistant eoordin at or of Volunteer Services at 
San Antonio State Hospital. 
The public is Invited to meet the honorees at the cocktail re­ ception at 7 p.m. preceding the 
Matrix banquet. 
The Headliners were selected by members of the San Antonio 
Professional Chapter, Women in Communications, Inc. (WI­ 
C H . from nominations submit­ ted by local organizations and individuals. M rs. Betsy M. 
Welch served as H eadliner chairman. 
Nominees 
To be eligible for nomination, a woman must have been active in her profession for at least two years, have demonstrated herself an expert in her profes­ sion and made noteworthy ac­ com plishm ents iii lier field. 
Additional consideration was 

 given to community involve­ ment . 
Mrs. Parkhouse is recognized for her achievements as a pro­ fessional financial counselor. 
She is an active member of the 
Board of Directors of the San 
Antonio Association of Life Cn- derwriters (SAALU) and the only female committee chair­ man and board member. 
She has qualified for the 
Texas Leaders Round Table, double qualified for the Nation­ al Women’s Leaders Round Ta­ ble, and is the only woman agent to qualify for the Mass 
Mutual South Texas Agency’s 
Wildcatters Club. 
Judge Spears, mem’uet of the 
Quota Club board of directors, is recognized for the programs she has promoted to help reha­ bilitate defendants in criminal cases and to increase docket efficiency in civil and criminal m atters. She is licensed to practice law in the State ol 

 his Natural 
Autumn 
Haze"' nu11* stroller i 
HOW 

She regularly writes and re­ cites her own limericks in the 
Ad-Ribs Show, the annual spoof of the industry sponsored by 
American Women in Radio and 
Television. She holds th*' dis­ tinction of turning down a job u uh the Johnny Carson Tonight 
Show. 

P I M M I T U R E CO. 

FASHION FABRICS 
MID CARPETING 

 save I D7o to DU7o on our entire stock of luxury furs! 
We have moved our entire stock of fine quality furs to one convenient location and reduced them to the lowest prices of the season. This is the time to purchase a new fur for next winter. Fur Salon, North Star. 
Here's a sampling of our savings! 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink cape, reg. 75o.oo................................... 599.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink Va coat, reg. 16oo.oo ...................................... 999.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 8oo.oo 
. 4oo.oo 
Natural blue fox jacket, reg. 9oo.oo 
S4o.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink stroller, reg. 28oo.oo 
. ....................... 1849.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink stroller, reg. 2ooo.oo 
1599.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* and mink cape jacket, reg. 12oo.oo 
............. 959.oo 
Natural red fox cape, reg. 4oo,oo 
.......................................................199.9o 
Color added ranch mink full length coat, reg. 48oo.oo ................. 3599.oo 
Natural Shadow* mink Va coat, reg. 28oo.oo .................. 
1959.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink full length coat, reg. 36oo.oo 
............. 2799.oo 
Natural Cerulean* mink cape, reg. 1ooo.oo 
................................ 799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline mink stole, reg. 8oo.oo 
649.oo 
Natural ranch mink Va coat, reg. 28oo.oo 
..........................1999.oo 
Natural Lunaraine* mink stroller, reg. 28oo.oo ........ 
,1989.oo 
Natural rabbit pant coat, reg. 2oo.oo 
........................................ 149.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze* mink and leather pant coat, reg. 95o.oo 
. .799.oo 
Natural Tourmaline* mink cape, reg. 9oo.oo 
.......... 699.oo 
Dyed borad tail processed lamb with dyed mink trim, reg. 115o.oo.359.oo 
Natural Lunaraine* mink coat, reg. 38oo.oo .......... 
2699.oo 
Natural Autumn Haze ‘ mink side Va coat, fox collar, reg. 95o.oo • • 799.oo 
All items batad subject to prior sale 
•TM EM BA 
AU fur products labeled to show country cf origin of imported furs 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Z 
W 
I 
Carpeting and fabric 
* 
I can make or break a room. 
Ii 
Choose now from Lees, Berven and other famous names in carpet. And from hundreds and hundreds of colors and color combinations rn drapery and upholstery fabric. Our interior designers will gladly advise and assist. And there's no additional charge for their service. Come in . .or call for an appointment. 

 t / ef omt P 
U 
M e u rm taU e to m itt you a t no flirty 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED! Inttallmeni Plum - txtended Credit — National Credit 
Cards: Diner* D u b , Carts Blanche, Matter Charge, BenkAmancatd, American ii x pre ti 

NQRTHS1DE• Rector St. opposite N Star Mali 
• O p e n Mon & Theirs t i l9*Phone 342 9411 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S —Sunday February 27 1977 

Sridenschiiur-Biiie 

Miss Madelyn Louise Seidenschnur became the bride of Michael Lee Buie of Jacksonville, Fla., Saturday in St. 
Francis Di Paulo Catholic Church. The 
Rev. George Stump officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mary 
Lou Seidenschnur of Austin and Max 
H Seidenschnur. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Chester Buie 
Matron of honor was Suzanne Wilson of Fort Worth. Maid of honor was 
Kathy Evans. Bridesmaids were Judy 
White. Annette Collins, Beverly Beh­ rens, and Debbie Buie, sister of the 

 groom. 
Serving as flower girl was Elizabeth 
Crumpton and ringbearer was Brett 
Wosnig. 
Best man was David An­ derson. Groomsmen were Joe Cooper. 
Mike Van DenBerghe, and Terry Buie, 
Jerry Buie, and Bobby Buie, brothers of the groom. Ushers were John Toed and Billy King. 
A reception was held in the Turtle 
Creek Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to Disneyland and Orlando. Fla , the couple will re­ side in Jacksonville. 
Learn to 
Super Sew. 
After 8 easy, inexpensive lessons you will have made at least: 
One T-shirt 
One pair of perfect-fit pants 
Three fashion tops 
One skirt 
One sweater 
One suit jacket 
One swimsuit 

Using Ann Person's unique sewing methods, you sew in a fraction of the time of ordinary sewing. You’ll learn to fit and to design. 
And its so simple. The classes are fun— like a special club meeting You learn. But you love it. 

You can make it. W e w ill show you how. 
Stretch & Sew 
America’s Fabric and Sewing Center 

Carl Hall III, 
Miss Richstatter solemnize vows 

Miss J o Anne Richstatter and Carl L. 
Hall III. both of Dallas, exchanged marriage vows Saturday in Chapel One of Randolph AFB. The Rev. Bernard 
Popp officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Lt. Col. 
(ret.) and Mrs. Joseph Edward Rich* statter. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Rose M. Hall of Dublin. Tex. and the late Carl L. Hall 
Maid of honor was Betty Jean Tubbs. 
Bridesmaids were Mary Sepko, Lyn 
Woods, Kathy Doneghy and Jeannie 
Richstatter. Flower girl was Beth Sep­ ko. Ringbearers were Jeffery Hall and 
Steve Sepko. 
Serving as best man was Jeff Senter. 
Groomsmen were Robert Z. Hall. Mike 
Reaves, Larry Cowan and Bob Hensly. 
Ushers were Bitchy Woods Jr., Eddy 
Morin and Larry Sehrank. 
A reception was held in the main ballroom of Randolph A FB Officer’s 
Club. 
After a wedding trip to Lake Tahoe, the couple will reside in Dallas. 

IVatson-Baker wedding solemnized Saturday 

Miss Barbara Anne 
Baker and Kenneth VV. 
Watson of Fort Worth ex­ changed marriage vows 
Saturday in St. Peter's 
Prince of the Apostles 
Catholic Church. The 
Rev. Albert Hubertus of­ ficiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. 

Wilfred E Baker. The groom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. K. Bert Watson of Amarillo. 
Maid of honor was Les­ ley Claire Baker, sister of the bride. The groom’s father served as best man. Assisting as ushers were Delk Watson, David 
Watson, Quentin Baker and Bill Baker. 

A reception was held in the Ft. Sam Houston Of­ ficer’s Club. 

The couple will reside in Fort Worth 
MRS K. W. W ATSON 

MRS. ( ARL L. HALL HI 

[Fore-Kirk engagement announced 

Mr. and Mrs 
VV 
E. 
Fore announce the en­ gagement of their daughter. Melinda Kay. to Richard Eldon Kirk of 
Sherman, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. VV. E. Kirk of Sher­ man 

The bride-eleet is a graduate of MacArthur 
High School. She is at­ tending Austin College tit 
Sherman 

Her fiance graduated from 
Sherman 
High 
School and is a senior at 
Austin College. 
A May ‘JI wedding is 

8 — 2 HR. CLASSES FOR ONLY $2o 

CAU or COME IN NOW BECAUSE CLASSES FILL FAST 

Basic 8 

March 

Tue. 
March I 
9-11 a.rn 
W ed. 
M ar. 2 
7 9 p.m. 
Monday & Thursday Quickie 

Tue. 
Sat. 
Tue. 
W ed. 
Mon. 
Thu. 

M ar. 7 
M ar. 8 
Mar. V2 
Mar. 15 
Mar. I 6 
Mar. 2 I 
Mar. 31 

9-11 a m . 

7 9 p m. 

1o-12 noon 

12 2 p.m. 

9 1 1 a.m. 

7-9 p m. 

7-9 p m 

735-5278 
3929 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

Specialty 

★ 
ASK ABOUT 
OUR M IN I 
CLASSES 
★ 

Basic 8 Variations 

March 24 
9-11 a.m. 

Men s Pants 

March 25 
1o-12 Noon 

HOURS 
MON.-THURS. 9 A .M .-9 P.M. 
FRI. A SAT. 9 :3o A M ..5 P M 

MELINDA K planned in The 
Los Patios. 

FO RE 
Gazebo at 

 en gagem e 

Jones-Temple 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert 
Jones announce the en­ gagement of their daughter. Deborah Ann. to Lee Odell Temple, son of Mrs. Frances Temple and the late L. o. Tem­ ple. 
The bride-eleet is a graduate of MacArthur 
High School. She attend­ ed Southwest Texas State 
University and is a can­ didate for May gradua­ tion from Incarnate Word 
College where she will receive a B A. degree. 
Her fiance graduated from MacArthur High 
School and attended 
Trinity University. 
A May 7 wedding is planned in Coker United 
Methodist Churel]. 

Shelly-Frazee 

Miss Joel Christine Shelly of Denton, daughter of Mr. and Mrs 
David 
Rocher of Springfield, Va., is engaged to Lt. Daniel Hubert Brazee He is the son of Mrs. Richard L. Cournoyor and the late Col. Merle VV. Brazee. 
Ihe bride-elect is a graduate of 
North Texas State University where she received a degree in psychology. 
Her fiance received a degree in psy­ chology from North Texas State Uni- versity. He is a graduate of the USAK 
Pilot Training School in Laughlin AFB in Del Rio and will be stationed at 
Mather A FB in Sacramento. Calif 
A spring wedding in Denton is plan­ ned. 

Sims-Lorenz 

Col and Mrs. Leonard H. Sims Jr. announce the engagement of their daughter, Diana Rose, to Richard 
Francis Lorenz of Austin, son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank VV. Lorenz of Dallas 

Ute bride-elect is a graduate of Cole 
High School. She is a senior at the 
University of Texas at Austin where she is majoring in special education 

Her fiance graduated from Bishop 
Lynch High School in Dallas and Ste­ phen F Austin University. He is con­ tinuing his graduate studies at the 
University of Texas at Austin. 
The couple plans a May wedding. 

Mr. and Mrs. E 
B 
Branch announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Carolyn Bol­ den Branch, to Thomas 
Riser 
Spurgeon of 
Muncie, Iud lie is the 
PUPPETIME TO SHINE 

Spring showers bring a bouquet of new classes for 

Wendy Ward. 

FASHION, BEAUTY AND CHARM COURSES 
FOR EVERY AGE—A WENDY WARD 
INSTRUCTOR CONDUCTS W E EK LY CLASSES 

Su g a r A n d 
Spice 

I'lanKCM for girl* age* I to 9 
Instruction on etiquette, how to make introductions. table manners, posture, grooming, poise Tots have (un showing vou what they've learned in a 
Fashion Show Graduation 
Four t-hr. 
J I A classes 
I U 

Crossroads to charm 

For girls IO Ct Its the plate that develops poise and con fidence Learn haste groom mg. manners, wardrobe care and graces Pick up modeling and beauty tips. Take old tnenda. meet new ones, too! 
Four I Vi-hr. 
) « « classes 
I D 

Branch-Spurgeon 

 son ut Mr. and Mrs W il­ liam A 
Spurgeon of 
Muncie 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Alamo 
Heights High School She is a candidate for May graduation from South­ ern Methodist University where site will receive a 
I) B A degree in ac­ counting. 
She is a member of ( lit Omega. 

Taylor-Kathmann 

M iss Tern Lynne Tay­ lor. daughter of Mrs. 
Joann Peyton Taylor and 
Bobby Taylor, is engaged to David Bruce Rath- manli He is the son of 
Mr and Mrs. Joe Ruth- matin 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert E. 
Lee High School. lier fiance graduated from 
Antonian 
High 
School. San Antonio Col­ lege. and attended Texas 
W I University in Kings­ ville 
An April J wedding is planned in 
Alamo 
Heights 
Christian 
Church 

Spencer-Rhea 

Her fiance graduated from Muncie Northside 
High School in Munch 
He will graduate iii May from Southern Methodist 
University where he will receive a B A degree iii political science and economies. 
He is a member of Lambda Chi 
Alpha. 
A June 18 wedding is planned 
In 
Ala mo 
Heights United Metho 
(list Church. 

A new life. 
And a new you. 

In frames by Dior, Givenchy, or Oscar de la Renta. 
With a spectacular assortment of colors and styles to choose from, you’ll find the frame that is distinctively yours, lf you need help in your choice, a TSO fashion consultant is there to advise. Come see us. 
And let us show you a new way to look at life. 

We care how you look at life. 

T e x a s S t a t e O p t i c a l 

Offices throughout Texas Convenient credit available 

San Antonio Area TSO Locations 

3638 Ftedencksburg Rd. • 516o Broadway • Central Park Mall • \2 7 W Commerce 
I 71o Fredericksburg Rd. • Plaza de las Palmas • McCreless Plaza • 84o S. W Military Dnve 
5o9 L Houston • North Star Mali • Windsor Park Mall • 2o5 A W. Water (Kerrville) 
Open Saturdays until 1:oo p.m. 
MEDICAID PATIENTS WELCOME 

S 1oo,ooo 
INVENTORY- 

W i n , 

CLEARANCE SALE! 

Pacesetter 
(Wendy Ward Course) 

Girl*- sgr* 14 to 18 years or f rad neir of "Crossroads" ntrri-simg sedums* to tram posture. visual poise, groom mg, akin and hair carr, make up. wardrobe selection and coordination Ending with a 
)• Mabton Show Graduation 
Four IM hr 
J - — i l i u n 
I S 

Adult Beauty 
Forum 

A new you in tune (of 
Spring, Facial*, make up, creative use ut M'arves ward robe planning 
Two2.hr 
J--. 
Seminar. 
I U 

Advanced 
Teen Charm 

Must have Pacesetter course or similar training Session* train in methods models use for photography and make up G uidance in creative wardrobe selection and poise 
Four 2-hr. 
$ O A classes 
SuiJ 

Windsor Park Store Only 

Career Girl 
Course U.S.A. 

Tram for a curter in pride* soma! modeling. Certified by the I vies Education Agency 
Additional information on fashion coordination and other fashion related career fields 

Wonderland Store Only 

Enroll*.rn deadline tor oil • 
„ Ms/ 4 

.min* susan 
Jam* j spencer, (laughter of i Mrs Hubert E. Silencer aud thr late Mr. Spencer, is engaged to David G . 
Rhea of Clarion. Pa Ut* is the son of Mr and 
Mrs. Daryl W. Rhea of 
Clarion 
The bride-elect attend­ ed Roanoke College i i i 
Virginia and Point Park 
College iii Pittsburgh. 
Pa 
Her fiance attended St 
\ lucent s College and re­ ceived a B A degree from Clarion State Col­ lege 
Ail April J wedding is planned 

LET CHAKG-ALL H ELP Y O U STRETCH YOUR BUDGET 

A A O N K k W A I K Y 
You’re why we’re here. ih V i} N l l 

For mort information call th# Ward* Slora naaraal you. .. 
MCCRELESS 
WINDSOR PARK 
WONDERLAND 
Eyvalla W arnack* 
Houma Latino 
Carot Savage 

654-25o9 
654-22o8 
654-2321 

Scbnil/.-Hari is 

Mr. aud Mrs Joel C 
Schultz announce the en gugement of ting daughter, Katl»> Nell, ti 
Rov ( 
Harris, son of Mr aud Mrs Guv NI Harris l’he bride-elect is graduate of Oliver Wen dell Holm es H igh School 
Her fiance graduate' 
I rom John Marshall Mig 
School and is stationed a 
Bergstrom A BB in Ans tin 
A June J wedding I planned iii L o s Angelo 
Iii I It!s 
Method!* 
I hutch 

6842 san pedro 
142 s.w. military ashby at mccullough 
UNPAINTED 
FURNITURE 
COMPANY 

 w edding belles + + + w edding belles + + + w edding belles + + + w edding 
Gay E. Bin ford, 
Lendon to be married 

Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Riley Bin- ford announce the engagement of their daughter, Gay Elizabeth, to Bendon 
Knight Troiani, son of Mr. and Mrs 
Lee Raymond Troiani of Casper, Wyo. 

The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of 
Oliver Wendell Holmes High School. 
She received a bachelor of science degree in borne economics from Baylor 
University where she was a m em ber of 
Alpha Omega and Tri-D. 

Her fiance graduated from Putnam 
City High School. He received a bache­ lor of science degree in biology from 
Baylor U niversity w here he was a m em ber of Alpha Kappa Psi. He is attending the University of Texas Den­ tal School at San Antonio. 

A' Ju n e 25 wedding is planned in 
A lam o H e ig h ts U nited M e th o d ist 
Church. 

DONALD R. SMITH 
CATHERYN L. SARGENT 

An April 23 wedding is planned in 
L a u re l H eig h ts U n ite d M e th o d ist 
Church. 

M r. an d M rs. Loren 
Bradford Spriggs Sr. an­ nounce the engagem ent of their daughter. Janet 
Sue, to B rian Eli P h il­ lips, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Billy Howard Phillips. 

The couple g rad u ated fro m 
R o o sev elt 
H igh 
School. 

A Ju ly 23 w edding is planned in Chapel One of Randolph AFB. 

Mr. and M rs. Juven- tmn G uerra announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Olga G u erra, to Stuart Geiger of Ar- lington, Mass. He is the son of M rs. M a u ric e 
Z e ig er of Oak P a r k . 
Mich, and the late Mr. 
Zeiger. 

Gucrra-Zeiger 

The bride-elect attend­ ed Radcliffe College and is a graduate of Harvard 
University. Her fiance is a magna cum laude g r a d u a te of H a rv a rd 
University. 

A late April wedding planned is 

Mr. and M rs. Donald 
McDougall announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. Donna, to Ste­ phen F. Gonsalves, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Gon-1 salves. 
T h e b rid e -e le c t is a g r a d u a te of M c C o llu m ; 
High School. lier fiance g ra d u a ted from M cC ollum H igh 
School and is attending! 
San 
A ntonio 
College. where he is m ajoring in applied science. 
The couple plans a July} 
9 w ed d in g in T rin ity . 
Lutheran Church. 

UNOIfcfKD ARTIST 

A 
H 
T 
A l f 
" 
•" mss s u m a y on l y J 

NOTHINO OVCR Z'mSK. 
'K v C U K W iG M A U W I I l * O P § M X I P A M T M M ) 

 mOST UNM* 
ONS AST FKOM AU. OVSR H it WORLD 
(OKAL f OB OOT* nmofir, pm 

SAN ANTONIO ** convention amin 
■!« mr.* * nim nam 

 m a r k e t 
*■ 

 h e m iSFa ir 
PLAZA 

D U R A N G O 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS -—Sunday February 27 1977 
Page • 3-F 

. 

Norm Star & Wond*fl*n<j Shop Mon Sat 1o to 9, Rhode* Chun# Ban* Arwi Icard Matter Ch arq», A mer ic an E xprt** Ai (A m ite Company 

Wedding plans are revealed 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles _ 
E. Slough Sr. announce the engagem ent of their d a u g h te r. S haron Kay 
Wren, to C. P. Schumann, son of Mrs. Rosalie Schu­ mann and the late C. F. 
Schumann. 
T h e b rid e -e le c t is a graduate of Sam Houston 
High School. She is a m em ber of the San An­ tonio Girls Cotillion. 
Her fiance graduated fro m 
C e n tra l 
High 
School, 
San 
A ntonio 
C ollege and received a 
B.B.A . d e g re e in accounting from the Uni­ versity of Texas at Aus­ tin. 

Phelps-Gessner 
Mr. and Mrs. Harold L. 
Phelps announce the en­ g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Debra Ann, to 
B ra d le y 
H o ffm a n n 
Gessner, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Lewis F. Gessner. 
T he b r id e -e le c t is a g r a d u a te of C h u rc h ill 
High School. She r e ­ ceived a B S. degree in medical technology from the U niversity of Texas 
M edical B ranch at G al­ veston She is a m em ber of Sigma Kappa. 

H er fiance g ra d u a te d from Holmes High School and is a c a n d id a te for 
J u n e g ra d u a tio n from 
S o u th w est T e x a s S ta te 
University where he will receive a B.S. degree. 
A May 28 w edding is planned in Holy S p irit 
Catholic Church. 

SHARON K. WREN 
A June ll wedding is planned in Houston T er­ race Baptist Church. 

Spriggs-I’hillips 
McDougallGonsalves 

This week register to win a Complete Coordinate Set 
Drawing will be Saturday after closing. Winners will be notified by phone. 
This is your registration ticket. 

N am e 
___________________________________________ 
Address 
C ity____________________ Zip 
Phone number 
... 

LENDON K. TROIANI 
GAY E. BINFORD 

Miss Sargent, 
Donald Smith will say vows on April 23 

Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Sargent Jr. an­ nounce th e e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir d au g h te r. C atheryn L. S a rg en t, to 
Donald Ray Smith of Houston, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Smith. 

The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of 
Roosevelt High School where she was a cheerleader. She attended Stephen F. 
Austin State University. 

Thomas Wright, 
Miss Haverlah marry Friday 

Miss Cynthia Genelle Haverlah be­ cam e the bride of Thomas R. Wright of 
Houston Friday in Trinity .Lutheran 
Church. The Rev. W. C. Ah’lrich offi­ ciated. 
7 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Charles A. Haverlah. Parents of the groom are Mr. and Mrs. Alfred E. 
Wright. 

Maid of honor was Donna Kenneallv. 
Bridesmaids were Karen Wright, sis­ ter of the groom, Betty Ackermann and 
Gail Clark. Flower girl was Neilynn 
Haverlah. 

Gary* Wright, brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Charles L. H averlah, D W. Haverlah and A. Neil Haverlah, brothers of the bride. Assisting as ushers were Fred 
R. H artm an and Harold Bodin. 

A reception was held in the parish hall following the ceremony. 

The couple will live in Houston. 
MRS. THOMAS R. WRIGHT 

Parker Chapel is scene of wedding vows 

Miss Stephanie M arie R ainey b e­ cam e the bride of P resn all Carroll 
Cage of Falfurrias, Saturday in the 
M argarite B. P ark er Chapel at Trinity 
University. The Rev. Louis Zbinden officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
M rs. W illiam Robert R ainey. The gro o m ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Richard Grady Cage of Falfurrias. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Robert M. 
Peavy. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Clyde 
J. B. Johnson 111, Mrs Alistlar Philip, 
Ethel N. Affleck, Julia Callaway and 
Cecelia Hair. Junior bridesm aid was 
Bonnie Hair. 
Serving as best man was Michael 
Stanfield. G room sm en w ere Malin* 
Garcia, Cape Jose J. Rovira, (a p t. 
Keith Goode, Robert Scott and Bryan 
Dawson 
A ssistin g as u s h e rs w ere P e te r 
McBride. Robert Mitchell, Benjamin 
Nemeo. Robert M. Peavy and Clyde J. 
Johnson. 
A reception was held in the Sun 
Antonio Country Club. 
After a wedding trip to Aspen, Colo , the couple will live in Falfurrias. 
MRS. PRESNALL C. CAGE 

Her fiance graduated from Roosevelt 
High School and received a B B A. degree from Stephen F. Austin State 
University. He was a m em ber of Alpha 
Kappa Si. 

 lf you love classics, come take a look at these crisply tailored coordinates 

Parts and pieces by Personal that have the clean, classic looks you can wear year around. Black or navy, haberdashery in poly gab, shirts and blouses in soft poly crepe. Left: blazer, 6 to 18, 
45.oo; Glen plaid vest, 6 to 16, 
23.oo: long sleeve ascot blouse, 
8 to 16, 22.oo: Glen plaid pant, 
6 to 18, 22.oo; 
Right: long sleeve dot shirt, 
8 to 16, 21.oo; vest, 8 to 14, 
23.oo; split skirt, 8 to 14, 
24.oo; Better Sportswear 

San Antonio EXP R ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

 problem corner + + + problem corner + -f t problem corner + + + problem corner + + + problem corner + + + pro 
Adoption favored 

DEAR ABBY: Our son is 13 y ears old and a freshm an in high school. A 12-year-old junior high girl will have a baby next 
June, and our son will be that baby’s father. 
Thank God he had the courage to bring the little girl to us and tell us. 
The girl’s parents both work, drink and run around while the child stays home days (and many nights) alone, with no supervision whatsoever. 
We went to the girl's parents, and they told us they would have our boy jailed for statutory rape if we didn’t give them $1,ooo in cash. 
My husband said he wouldn’t get in­ volved with blackmail. Then they sug­ gested the kids get married in a state that allows kids their age to m arry with parental consent. We refused. 
We think it better for all concerned if the girl had her baby and gave it up for adoption. Are we doing right in refus­ ing to consent to this m arriage? — 
OHIO PARENTS 
DEAR PARENTS: 
In my opinion, yes. The baby will be much better off 

 i i i an adoptive home with parents who really want a child You need a lawyer to acquaint you ult Ii your son’s rights and obligations. 
It may be a bit late to tell you that your son’s education on "the birds and bees” must have been sadly neglected. 
But perhaps this will serve to warn other parents that this CAN and DOES occur. 
Critic 

DEAR ABBY: 
I am a 32-year-old man who is self-supporting, and alth­ ough I didn’t graduate from college, I did go for two years. I know that my spelling and g ra m m a r is far from perfect, but I’m not exactly illiterate. 
My problem is my m other. She taught school before she was married, and now lives in a distant state. When I write to her, she returns my letters with all the errors iii spelling and grammar “ corrected” with a red pen­ cil! 
At first I just ignored it. but I have had enough. Should I write to her and ask her to please quit correcting my letters? Or should I just quit writing? 

Divorce triggers depression 

Everyone has a problem. What’s yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, T ex., 78297. Enclose a stam ped, self-addressed envelope, please. 

My wife says, “ Skip it. Your mother is probably getting senile.” 
Senile at 58. - BUGGED 

DEAR BUGGED: I f s doubtful Why not look at it this way: Your mother is really doing you a favor by pointing out your mistakes. But if you’re all that with her. (Old school die. they just lose their bugged, level teachers never class.) 

 ll c i r s 

Dear Dr. Menninger: Recent­ ly, I read your article about di­ vorce and husbands and wives cheating on each other. I ani a victim of this very situation, for the second time. 
The first time, I divorced my hus­ band Later, for our sake and our son, we re m a rrie d . Then it w asn ’t two years until he was going out with a young woman who was alm ost the same age as our son 
We’ve been separated now for almost a year, and my husband has not yet indicated that he has any love for us or that he desires to reunite his family. 
Needless to say, this has been difficult for my son and me to accept. 
It appears that some men, atter they have had the best years of a w ife’s life, have to search for greener pastures. 
By then, the wife has reached the point in her life when she needs her husband more than when she was young. 

DEAR ABBY: 
My grandmother is the sweetest woman who ever lived 
She had a stroke a couple of years ago and is quite old now. She is always talking about dying. 
When I am with her she tells me to he sure that Aunt G gets this and Uncle B doesn’t get anything. 

And she has told mc repeatedly that she wants me to have her diamond brooch, her good dishes aud her silver, and she wants my husband to r'randpa’s gold watch. 

Helj 

I’m finding this situation getting worse and much harder to bear as time goes by. I am now seeing a psychiatrist which I cannot afford financially. 
But I needed help, and I’m trying to find a way to go on living a happy and decent life without the man who was my husband for 26 years. ll you could advise mc in any way. it 

 would be greatly appreciated. I feel that our son needs help, too, from someone or somewhere. I believe that my husband also needs help, maybe more so than we do. — Thank you — 
Mrs. A L. 
Dear Mrs. A.L.: As long as you are now seeing a psychiatrist, you should look to him for advice. He should also be best able to get your son any help he might need. 
However, your letter did prompt several thoughts. About the time I received it, I came across a study of the relationship of psychiatric illness and divorce, made by some psychiatrists at the Washington University School of 
Medicine in St. Louis. 
Your anguish is experienced by many women and men who have been divorced. The St. Louis study found over three-fourths (7o per cent) of divorced women had some emotional illness, as did two-thirds (68 per cent) of the divorced men. 
The most common problem for both women and men was depression. 
Findings 

To put their findings in perspective, the St. Louis group studied a compara­ ble group of never divorced, married persons. They found that group also had more mental illness than many people might suspect — one-third (34 per cent)of the men and one-sixth (18 per cent) of the women. 

INSIGHTS 

 lave 

I know that I am her favorite grand­ daughter, and she has told me repea­ tedly what she wants me to have. 

Since her dying is inevitable, do I continue to tell her not to talk about it? 
Or should I be realistic and say, 
"Gram, I think you ought to write that down?” I don’t want to appear grabby. 
- SPEECHLESS 

DEAR SPEECH I.ESS: 
T h e r e ’s nothing “grabby” in suggesting that she “ write it down.” That’s the only way she can be sure that her wishes will be carried out after she is. 
Everyone has a problem, What s yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-News. Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex . 78297. Enclose a stam ped, self-addressed envelope, please. 

Keep facts to yourself 

Dear Ann: 
I saw myself in your co­ lumn the other clay. 
D oesn’t everybody, sooner or later? 
It was the letter from the man who recognized his new boss’s wife as a call girl lie had known i i i another city a few years before. Your advice was, 
“ Keep your mouth shut.’’ 
I hope he takes it 

F T 

\o Of 

 n ivy*** 

JUd 

JU' 

 i«x 
4 
8 5 & $ «\«v s a liV 

V I a r c 

* e t r e s b t n e 

. 
,rv 
''ArU iii 3 
V e 6 r U 
\ . w , r si a f f * * ° 
' • 
\ d a ny 

 tif f fts ^ o U t rtesv til 

S F t t h e Ar* 
I l i f f 1, M o r t 

-v;>r>f?* fly 
> 

Artists J 

Jose Vive*.Atsara 
Travis Reese 
Alberto Meza 
Joe Peacock 
EJ Strain 
Bob Barnman 
Hazel Massey 
Arthur McCall 
LaMar Roxbury 

Times were tough for me after I was divorced. 
My husband skipped the state and I had to get work in a hurry to feed myself and my children. 
A neighbor woman w ho looked like a cross between the Mona Lisa and an ad for complexion soap told me she became a call girl when her hus­ band’s disability ran out. 
She was in desperate need of money and this was something she could do without a diploma or references. I nearly died of the shock 
When I recovered, I said I’d like to try it. She made a few phone calls and I was in business. 
(Somehow it seem ed more respectable and a lot less complicated than going on welfare.) 
My “ c a r e e r ” lasted four m onths, until I landed a selling job with a cosmetic firm. 
I d be m ortified to death if anyone ever told on me. God bless all them i i i the world who keep their mouths shut. 
They are beautiful peo­ ple. Been There For $1oo 

Dear B.T. for a ( Note: 
I like this paraphrase of 
Shakespeare, it seem s most appropriate: 
“ He who steals my gold steals trash . . . But he who tarnishes my good nam e, enriches himself not, but makes me poor indeed.” 
Lonely 

Dear Ann Landers: My d au gh ter (2o years of age) talks to me only if she wants som ething. 
“ Daddy, my bike doesn’t shift like it should. Could you fix it?” lf I speak to her, she says, “ Daddy, J c a n ’t concentrate on what I’m reading and listen to you at the same time.” 
Or, “ Daddy, I’m really not interested in that subject." After being re­ buffed a few hundred tunes, I stopped trying to share my thoughts with her. 
Recently, I’ve noticed that when I enter the room and my wife and daughter are talking, a 

If you have a problem let 
Ann Landers help you solve it. Write Ann Landers, care ol the Express-News, P.O. 
Box 2171. San Antonio. 
Tex.. 7H297. 

 dead silence takes over. 
It s a very uncomfortable feeling. 
I know what it’s like to grow up w ithout a fat lier and I can’t understand modern teenagers who don’t appreciate having one. 
It seem s stan d ard procedure these days to 
“ d ow ng rad e” the old man. I have accepted it, but it makes me feel— 
Very Lonely 
Dear Lonely: Your w ife is partly responsible for placing you in the 
“ isolation chamber.” A mother sometimes pun­ ishes her husband for real or imagined “ sins” by turning ihc children against “ the old man.” 
(A father can play the same game.) 
This situation d id n’t develop overnight. Too bad you didn’t write 16 years ago. I would have told you to take your wife and go together for counseling. 
Often children develop a sense of appreciation for their parents (or a parent) when they them­ selves have children. I hope you don’t have to wait THAT long, hut don’t be surprised if vou do. 
CONFIDENTIAL to 
Baby It’s Cold Outside: 
Five months is a long time for a young man to use an impacted wisdom tooth as an excuse for no goodnight kiss 
Considering you are both in your 2os. I suggest you look for a fellow who takes better care of his teeth, 
There is a big (infer­ ence between cold and 
('(Mil. Ann Landers shows you how to play it cool without freezing people out in her booklet, "Teen 
Age Sex — Ten Ways to 
Cool It." 
Send 5(1 cents in coin and a long, self-ad­ dressed. stamped enve­ lope to 
Ann 
Landers, 
Express,-News, Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 

Dr. Menninger invites your com­ ments and questions. Write to him in care of the San Antonio Express, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, Tex., 78297. 
Because of the volume of mail, he cannot answer each individually hut will handle questions of general inter­ est in his column. 

Clearly, the mental illness is signifi­ cantly greater in the divorced group' than in the married group — twice as great for divorced men. four times greater for divorced women. 

What does this mean? It is unclear whether the emotional illness is the cause or the effect of the divorce. 
Balance your diet 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
You mention that we should have a 
“ balanced diet.” Just what does this mean? It seems everybody has his or her own idea of what a balanced diet means. — ILF. 
I think the confusion is iii the term 
“ balanced.’’ lf you substitute “ ade­ quate” for “ balanced,” you will be on firmer ground 
An adequate diet is one that supplies significant amounts of the important nutrients. 
For this purpose foods are grouped into the basic four: (I) milk and milk products; (2) meat, fish and poultry, with nuts and legumes (pod foods such as peas and beans) as alternates; (3) fruits and vegetables; (4) breads and cereals. 
Any reasonable selection from all four of these groups will provide an adequate dict. 
Actually, even the word “ diet" is misused by many. Generally speaking, the word “ nutrition” would be better. 
Diets can vary but nutritional needs are pretty constant. 
Meals follow a recurring pattern in various societies, and that pattern represents the diet of a particular so­ ciety. 
Thus, the North American diet is heavily oriented toward excess fats and carbohydrates, leading to a high inci­ dence of arterial diseases. 
For Americans, balanced nutrition would eliminate much of the vascular disease from which we suffer. 
Nails 

However, the St. Louis study did find a significant number of divorced peo­ ple reported a history of earlier emo­ tional illness which may have con­ tributed to the marital breakup. 
Anger 

One additional thought: when you are involved in an angry conflict in a m ar­ riage, it s normal to blame the partner for the problems. Indeed, if your psy­ chological “ defenses” are working well, you blind yourself to your own shortcomings. 

Rarely, however, is the situation totally one-sided in reality. Each partner has some responsibility for the breakdown of the relationship, some­ times wittingly, som etim es unw it­ tingly. As one of my former teachers used to repeatedly observe, “ It takes two to tango.” 

Dr. Menninger’s most popular writ­ ings are now available in his new book, 
HAPPINESS WITHOUT SEX AND 
OTHER THINGS TOO GOOD TO MISS. 
This 2o4-page cloth-bound book is ideal as a gift to a friend or loved one or as a valuable source in your own per­ sonal library. 

Send only $5.95 (postpaid) to HAP­ 
PINESS, Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297. 

Your luck with the stars 

F E B R U A R Y 21 
Y O U R B IR T H D A Y T O D A Y 
Yow m om atm now should Be to unity what you ye accum ulated to d ate to y o u c o n im p ro v e , m anage it m ore easily 
Social m ovet, cre a tive e n te r­ p rise * esportd o s you phase out old w o y* ©t doing things 
Reto tionthipt grow stronger 
Today s natives show ability in d ra m a . m u sic , p o e try, fre q u e n tly a r e em otionally detached, im personal 
Those born this ye a r hove in tense m a g n e tism , w ill em p ress th e m se lv e s, flu e n tly , m ist a k e ted indulgence tor necessity 
A R IE S (M a rc h l l A p ril I* ) 
B u s in e s s, p u b lic re la tio n s a re acad P a st differences flare no rn your p e rso n a l w orld find you u n s u r e w h at to do 
R e a d ju s t ta se s. in s u r a n c e , s h o r e d tin onces 
T A U R U S (A p ril 24 M a y 24) 
F rie n d s help y o u r e n t e rp rise s w ith in t r o d u c tio n s , c o n ta c t s . their own c a n n laotian 
K e e p a 
Steady course, avant o » e rdoing 
( • p e n som e form or overtim e b t M I N i i M a y t i Ju ne 24) 
Sp e ak r g n o t a iv of y o u r m ie n hotly 
P e o p le w ho se ld o m p a y attention listen now 
A new too ar venture is favored 
Vet mtui bon guide cash o u tla ys beyond budgets 
C A N C E R (June 21 July 22). 
Ret Sunol gam is of stoke R ut on a good shaw T r y to meet people higher up in your field either rn distant locn'cons or slig h tly oil terent specialties 
L S O (July l l A u f I I ) 
C oil in lo a n s et m o n e y , p o s s e s s io n s , settle accounts tittie you s o y is taken s s you m ean it, n a p re gra ss m ode p e rsu ad in g others lo agree to yoar p lan s R a b e n c ti 

 r 

By 
----------- 
JEANE DIXON 

Dear Dr. Thosteson. Eve always had attractive fingernails 
Recently, 
I have been plagued with some white sores right where the base of the nail joins the skin. 
It is tender, and if I squeeze the nail some pus runs out. The rest of the nail is fine I suppose this is some kind of infection. Have you any information on it? - Mrs R T. 
Impossible to tell ut this distance, but from your description it sounds like paronychia (par-uh)NK K ee-ah). It will require treatment to d e a r it up 
Boor manicuring technique is usual­ ly at lault. Occasionally a hangnail produces a break in the skin fold that allows invasion by either bacteria or a fungus. 
The organism must be identified so that appropriate antibiotic or antifun­ gal applications can be selected. This and hot compresses to promote drain­ age is the usual treatment for parony­ chia. 
In severe infection an incision mav 
I — 

Dr. 
Thosteson w elcom es reader mail but regrets that, due to the trem endous volume received daily, he is unable to answer individual letters. 
Readers’ questions are incor­ porated in his column whenever possible. 

 have to be made to release a pocket of the pus you speak of. The condition is discussed in my booklet on nail health. 
F’or a copy, send 35 cents care of this newspaper with a stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope. 
Cause 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Please advise me on the “ gentleman’s disease” — prostate trouble. I am 55. 

There seem to be two schools of thought, and each can cite cases to back up its point of view. Is it lack of sexual intercourse in older men? Or is it sexual intercourse that brings on prostate trouble? 

May I have the benefit of your thoughts? I am married and am wor­ ried because the problem has arisen in my own family as well as in friends’ families. — O.M. 

I like your genteel term , “ gentle­ man’s disease.’’ 
The cause of prostatism (gland en­ largement) is not known. Intercourse has nothing to do with it. 

Some congestion may occur briefly if a sexually active male suddenly stops activity, but this will not cause the changes in fibrous and muscular tissue which are features of chronic prostate enlargement. 

There are other causes — infection, cancer, stone formation, etc. That’s the bad news. The good news is that the gland is so readily accessible that treatment is almost always available. 

NOTE TO MRS. CLN. - Tampons, especially the smaller sizes, are occa­ sionally “ lost." However that would soon cause a malodorous discharge which would force your 14-year-old girl to seek help. Ask lier about that aspect of the matter. 

It is not unusual for a 14-year-old girl to have an interrupted menstrual cycle, and that should be checked. If she balks at seeing a male doctor, perhaps you can find a woman physi­ cian who will put her at ease. 
SELL 

F o r E x t ra c a th , tall th o se g o lf c lu b s . . . n o w ! 

Call 225-1666 

For Y our 
W e d d i n g R e c e p t i o n 
Mush* By 
J o h n n y & F in m a 
N u n A l d a m i n * 
I .’I I-.T O I O 

V IR G O ( A u f 
2) Sept 
22) 
Insist Off pa vin g y o u ' ow n w ay. 
D o n 't p ro m ise to do m o re (or others (Mon usuot 
Consultations p rio r to ( m o n d o ' m o v e s sa v e m ony a donor, future headaches. 

L U R A (S e p t 
2J O ct 
22): 
Yo u r a n g ia idea is o guideline it you sim ply get b u sy Sketch out goats so beoutituilv that others see th e m se lv e s c o m fo rta b ly si­ tuated in your protection 
S C O R R IO (O ct 
21-Nov 
21): 
A im tar better results with less involvem ent 
M o re p ro g re s s t* m ode in tnt prom otion tnon in the d o in g 
S o c ia l action is ex- pensive, lew choices left open 

S A G IT T A R IU S (N e v 
22 DCC, 
21): Y o u re at a skeptical turn­ ing point 
W ind up old m atters, gel re ad y to launch new without c ri n g i n g in e x t r a com ptie a t On* 
G o out tor com petitive go m e s 

C A K h ic u r n ( O e c 
22 J o n lf ): im lead of w o n t in g , sh are problem s and opportunity 
Talk ta fugue! ups it p astim e At your level, ever ybody is spotting tor a tighi Save your en e rgy 
A Q U A R IU S (Jan 24 F e b IE) 
A sk oil you deserve, never m ind a bit of r iv a lr y 
L e t e > p e rts han d le co m p te * e q u ip m e n t if you m u st OO it. e v e ry safe ty precaution in the DOU* is wand 
RIECKS (Fe* lf M orea 24) 
M om entum from recent m a n g e s c a r n e t on in your favor 
A void e k tra v g g a n c e . o v e rin d u lg e n c e . but m a k e (he m o st of o a v a n - la go s 
R om antic appeal ru n s 
Strong. 

The T e xas M edical W e ight Control Center is now introducing the new 

I K J w 
VII 
TREATMENT and total program for weight loss. 

Yes, this is the program you've read about in national magazines and a best selling book. Not a 
"diet" but a total concept oriqi nated at Harvard Medical School. 

Protein sparing modified fast r 

No Drugs 
No H.C.G. Injects.,s 
Continuous medical monitoring by Texas licensed Doctors and 
Nurses 
ENROLLMENT WILL BE LIMITED 

Applications processed in order received, lf you are 15 or more pounds overweight, C A L L NOW FO R M O RE IN FO R M A T IO N . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

Sears 
Free-arm convertible sewing machine with built-in buttonholer 

“ C o ld H e a t " helps keep yo u r kitchen cool . . . no heat if* generated in oven. 

“ C o ld H e a t” m eans 
“ C o ld H e a t” cooks yo u can c o o k on faster ... up to 7o>< paper plates or ev- faster than our con- cry day dinnerware, ventional ranges. 

SAVE ‘8o.95 
Kenmore microwave with automatic defrost 

W A N E X C E P T IO N A L miQD 
R e g u la r * 1 o o . o o 

Ju st d ia l to m w . H o e s 1 r e g u la r , I s lr c lc li 

 slilc lie s, lu itlo iih o lr s anti I tlc c o r a lit e stitch es. 

*299 

Beg. $379.95. Automatic defrost cycle helps speed foods from the freezer to your table. Oven is automatically oper­ ated for time selected. Easy-to-read linear scale timer. With oven light, sig­ nal bell, and removable glass cooking t ray. 4-color, 3oo-recipe cookbook. 

Buy KENMORE Appliances with Confidence 

You get these Kenmore customer benefits: 
1. CU STO M ER SATISFACTION— over 9o years of it prove we stand behind what we sell. 
2. WE SER V IC E WHAT WE SELL— prompt service available, and large Inventory of repair parts. 
3. DELIVERY AND IN STALLATIO N — these services are always available as part of your purchase price or at ar additional charge 
4. QUALITY AND DEPEND ABILITY— designed and manufactured to meet Sears high standards for performance, durability and dependability. 
5. W IDE SELECTIO N — lines with large selection of models tor most families' needs and budgets. 
6. CREDIT— Sears has a plan to suit most evory need, including extended payments on appliances. 

Ask your ••(••person for full details 

S t r e t c h stitc h *** 

 lo sew new stretch knit fahrie* lust dial. 

IIM! the “free-arm fur sew ing ruff*, hems, 

 set-in sleeves. 

Sew * buttonhole* in m any sires. Q u irk am i 

 so easy for nm . 

D ia l the stitch you want with one eusy-to- 

 adjust kind*. 

Kenmore. Solid as Sears 

SAVE ‘2o 
Kenmore Large 
Capacity Washer 

SALE 
Iii W h ile 

R e gu la r $ 2 5 9 .9 5 

Here** a versatile Kenm ore washer lo 

 help ea*e washday drudgery! Large 

 capacity machine ha* normal, perm a­ 

 nent pre** ami idiorl eyrie*, three wadi 

 rinse temperatures, and §crateli-re*i.*l- 

 ant porcelain-enameled l o p and lid. 

2non I 

See o u r com plete assortment of line hom e appliances 

SAVE *6o.95 
Frost less 15.23 en. ll. refrigerator-freezer 
$359 
R e g u la r $ I I 9.9 5 

In 
White 

Cud messy defrosting chores! Never defrost 

 b ig HI.98 c u . ft. refrigerator or 1.25 CU. ft. freezer. 
Stores lot* of food. 
Rem ovable 

 freezer shelf. \\ itll twin crisper*, meat pan. 

SAVE *3o.95 
22.3 cu. ft. chest 

$ 

Beguine $ 3 19.95 
319 

Iii white 

SAVE *7o.95 
Color TV wilh our brightest picture 

A sk about Sears credit plans 

R e g u la r $ 4 6 9 .9 5 
$ 
1 o o % solid-state 
399 

Siltier rhrumiN torture tube sur­ rounds carli color phorphor w itll lil.uk for bright, sharp color. 

Table model set h a s our brightest picture in a 

19-in. diagonal measure picture T Y . It h a s de­ 

 pendable lOO^c solid-state chassis, one-but­ ton color tiining.Superi.hroiniv picture tube. 

4 2 1 o 

THIS Al) IS OUR WOK!) 

It is hacked by Sears A dvertising Policy which requires every advertised item to he supported in each store with sufficient mer­ chandise . . . ll we should run oui of any 

 reduced priced item during the sale. we will reorder for you at the sale price. This does not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

• T liin w a ll in su latio n give s m ore space than sanic-size freezer* with stand ard in su latio n 
• M u sh h in g in g fits sn u gly into co rn e r* 
• S lid in g basket keep* food right at hand 

“Freezer Living*' . . . en jo y the convenience of y o u r favorite frozen foods a n y tim e ! (lo o k gen­ erous portions. Ile a l and serve them later. Freest* in-season fruit.-* am i vegetable* for year-rou nd en­ joym ent. Slo ck up on special* am i save! 

SAVE ‘ LOO! 

Sears Best Kenmore built-in dishwasher 

R e g u la r $ 3 1 9 .9 5 
In sta lla tio n is extra 249 95 

Our finest built-in dishwasher is packed with valuable features! Detergent is auto­ m atically dispensed during each wash phase. Forced air drying. Sliding console panel conceals pushbutton controls. Re­ versible front panels . . . white, black, avocado, Copperton, tawny gold. 
Where America shops 
Sale price oil dishw asher and w ashing m achine good thru Apr. 2, all other sale price* are in effect thru M ar. I 

S I AKS. H O I HIH k A N C I I* 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

How nim* i i Plaza More 
Soledad al Navarro 
Mon. and Ilium . 9:3o-9 
VII oilier d u o 9:3o-o 

M d ilarv P r u e Store al Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. thro Sal. 
9 :3o-9 

( enlral Cark Store 
*a n Cedro al Loop H O 
M oil thro s al. 
9 :3o*9 

N t h . H i c m m h i i i s i n m * ( moat ileitis Mild services shown also al Yci|ldMjrhiM*J tto fc* ) 

V a lle * Iii 
9|»2 H a n d e ra Md. 
H a rm W u r/b ae h at 
D U N I s . VI W . W title ltd. 
I n ivem ul L ily 
o74-.'».»l I 
,3 2 -2 3 9 1 
U n inn.rn H2«i'9;»7M 
3 3 3 -2 9 IU 
I ti.iii Cal booker lid. 
o58*7491 

San Antonio tX P R E SS -N E W S — Sunday February 27 1977 
Leonard Smith, 
Jan Preston are married 

Miss .Jan Preston and Leonard Lane 
Smith, both of Houston, were married 
Saturday in the Cohen House at Rice 
University in Houston The Rev. Roy F. 
Osborne officiated. 

Parents of the couple are Mr. and 
Mrs Thomas .I R Preston Jr. and Mr. and Mrs Scott Smith, both of Austin. 

Matron of honor was Mrs 
Brian 
McCoy. Bridesmaids were Dr. Lynn 
Preston Hoffman. Hay Preston and 
.Jana Robbins 

Serving as best man was Gary Sikes. 
Groomsmen were Robert Smith. Don 
[Roberts and Allan Kunze. Ushers were 
Matthew Hoffman. F arrell Reeves. 
Danny Stewart and Mark Fisher. 

A reception was held following the ceremony. 

The c ou p le w ill re sid e iii Houston 
MRS. LEONARD L. SMITH 

Nancy' Edmunds becomes bride 
Mr. Jorgensen 

M i s s Nancy Gayle E d m u n d s and 
B ryan Keith Jo rg en se n exchanged m arriage vows. Saturday in St. An­ drew's United Methodist Church. Offi­ ciating were the Rev. Clyde Byrd. Rev. 
David Edm unds and Rev. Mal Hier- holzer. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs 
R 
S. Edm unds. The groom 's parents are Mr. and Mrs. N. R Jo r­ gensen. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. J e rry 
McKnight of Buda, Tex., sister of the bride. Bridesmaids were Leslie Brad­ ley of Austin. Alicia C hristian and 
Robin Jorgensen 
Serving as I vest man was BUI Wal­ lace Groomsmen were Tom Gaines, 
David Otwell and Art Edgarian. Ushers were David Piddling and Ray Peter­ son. 
A reception was held in The Gazebo at Los Patios. 
The couple will honeymoon in Aca­ pulco. 
MRS BRYAN K. JORGENSEN 

M oore-W ille 

T he 
Rev. 
Jo h n 
A. 
Wagner officiated at the wedding of Miss Angela 
D iana W ille and Jo h n 
Michael Moore Jr., Sat­ urday in 
St. 
Joseph’s 
Catholic Church. 
T h e b rid e is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
A llen 
L. 
W ille. 
The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Don Brooks and 
Johnny Moore. 

M atron of honor was 
Mrs Pat Linsey. Brides­ m aids were Mrs. Ralph 
C av aech i of 
Boston, 
Lorene Rose Moore, sis­ ter of the groom, Marilyn 
M cSpadden. Naom i Ro­ d rig u e z and 
D ebbie 
Wille, sister of the bride. 
Flow er girl was K im ­ b erly O 'D ell and ring- bearer was Mark Rodri­ guez. 
S erv in g as b est m an w as 
K eith 
L insey. 

A reception was held in the Kelly NCO Club. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Boston 

About your wedding 

Are you getting m a r ­ ried soon? Here are gui­ delines and deadlines for sending inform ation to the Express and News. 
A picture of the bride will be p u b lis h ed in thum bnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (en ­ g a g e m e n t or wedding—you may have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 
There, is no charge tor stories without photos. 
Wedding pictures and copy m u st be in the 
Express-N ew s office at least one week before the wedding date. A black and white glossy photo is required. 
Wedding form s m ust be signed and must con­ tain a daytime telephone num ber for the person submitting the story. 
E n g a g e m e n t a n ­ n o u n c e m e n ts m u st be p u b lish ed at le ast six 

 weeks before the wedding date, therefore they must lie submitted at least se­ ven weeks ahead of the wedding date 
Wedding stories are not accepted after the wed­ ding. 

Harwood-Wootan 

Mr. and Mrs. Clifford 
W a rre n 
H arw ood a n ­ nounce the en g ag e- memnt of their daughter. 
Cheryl Lynn, to Charles 
Ray Wont an of La Vernia. son of M r. and M rs. 
Louis Wootan of La Ver­ nia. 
The couple graduated from H ig h la n d s High 
School. She was editor of the Brigadoon Yearbook and m em ber of the Dis­ tributed Education Clubs of America. 
A May 7 w ed d in g is plan n ed in 
C h rist 
Lutheran Church of Elm 
Creek in Elm Creek. Tex. 
L. C. Short II, 
Miss Steak ley recite nuptials 

Miss Barbara Elizabeth Steakley ut 
Houston became the bride of Lawrence 
Carlin Short ll Saturdays in the Mirtha 
G Dunn Interfaith Chapel of Hermann 
Hospital at the Texas Medical ( enter in 
Houston The Rev Julian L Byrd offi- 
MRS. L. ( . dated 
SHORT ll 
The bride is the d au g h te r of M rs Sam uel M 
Calderon and the late Melvin L. Steakley. Tile groom s parents a re Mr. and M rs Law rence C. 
Short She was given in m arriage by her stepfather 
Samuel < alderon 
Matron of honor was Martha M asters and maid of 
'•honor was Suzanne Elaine Steakley. sisters of the bride 

Time For Children To Take Stock 
OD could not be everyw here, and 
\ J J therefore he m ade m others 
A very fit­ ting retort to children who neglect or find fault with mothers might be ' Child heal yourself.'* It is time to turn your gaze inw ard an d ask if you are fulfilling your obligation. Certainly, your accounts receivable from her, although well over-paid, continues to bring interest and dividends. Your accounts payable to her may be long past due 
A recent incident has suddenly refreshed my memories and should encourage all children to-set aside quiet time to take stock 
As president of a local civic organization, I noticed that one dedicated m em ber repeatedly arrived late to each evening m eeting 
Her reason "You see, she said, 
First I feed my ail­ ing mother her dinner, and this takes priority to all my other wants or needs." 
This com passionate daughter knows that one cannot live in a hurry. She knows too that love requires three terms, not only the lover and the beloved, but also that m ysterious bond that unites both, which is love Few children ever see all that a mother has m eant to them until it is too late to let them know that they do see it. 
Mother's Unlimited Love 
At the very outset, let us realize how early and to what extent a m other's influence begins to act effectively Her very first act of m inister­ ing care is to enter the valley of the shadow of death (at time of delivery) to win her child's life at the very danger of losing her own. Tell me, if you can, do you know of any other love so ex­ tended with full knowledge of such peril? 
Each Child Has Two Fathers 
Every newly born babe has two fathers, his father on earth, without whom the child could not possibly have life, and his heavenly father, without whom he could not own a soul, distinctive personal character. The mother is the main-sprmg, the living partner and motivat­ ing force through whom both fathers work 
A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters mav becom e confirmee enem ies to each other, husbands may abandon wives and wives may forsake husbands, But through this all, a m other's love endures, pray ing and everlastingly hoping that each may re­ pent and return to receive her welcoming arm s with full pardon 
Thank GOD for mothers, to you who still have them. To each of you who has lost his, let us thank HIM for such a mother to rem em ber 
To you young mothers who are blessed with children, may your own rem em brance and respect tor your mother be their beacon of light 
Thus you will give them such love and memories and homes 
Doctor Housekeeper! You Can Cure Sick Carpet 
C arpets are like humans, both need con­ stant care Perhaps tile most popular question given me each day is 
Will this carpet stain"? 
Yes, every carpet will accept stains but some carpet fibers release them more readily 
Remember! There is one solvent that can dissolve any riddle — and that is knowledge. 
Never before in the history of our carpet in dustry have our products been so produced and prepared for ease of m aintenance; never before has so much information been available for the housekeeper's convenience There are 
Believe It O r Not" answ ers to comfort w orried housekeepers. You are deserving of them, the reliable, know ledgeable and co-operative carpet expert can fill your every need and answ er every call. 
Through him, you can doctor and cure your carpets needs. 
Next Week 
We will discuss; “Choosing the right carpet to fill your particular needs " Until then, think this over . . . We Am erican a re strange people 
We devote only one day out of the year to our mothers and an entire week to straw berries." 

Inquire About 
• Im port*!!! bo o k let un 
• I’Imhii . A r i b . o r S M I 
* I * rp ri t Mrr" l t d i *'K 
• U ' k r t ul S p e a k e r * Hor. J U * 
HNI **11 I V tlr o • 

 r n 
- 

***| d 

I r ^ ^ 
I I 
\ I 
| 
£% 
\ J 

I i 
I I[ 
? n 
C k w u 
/ 
I 
V 
IU 
- / 
IL J 

 i i i 

 r n rn 

 z 

EXCITING 
NEW 
SELECTIONS 

EXCITING 
LOW 
PRICES 
% A V 

 x 
'n. 

 f s 
’- t' f i t 

\ 

S . 

/ '7 FULL b r BOLTS 
45" WIDE 
DAINTY NEW 

FR O M 

IDEAL FOR C H IL D R E N 'S EASTER 
1oo% COTTON 

FULL 

PIECE 

YO. PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YO 
PRICE 

FULL BOLTS 
FIRST Q U A LIT Y 

4 
V 
' W 
I D 
E 

F A M O U S M E R R Y M A R Y 
PR IN T S W ITH A FLAIR 
FOR F A S H IO N O N A 
SUPER S M O O T H SA T EEN G R O U N D 
1oo% POLYESTER 

 i ' m b & I ’i P F P t 
I# m I SM I & I n ll lf ti 
3 Ae* IlliSF 

... 
^ am l f 

 i l l i i 

FULL rn 

PIECE 

ALL NEW...FULL BOLTS 
SPRING COLORS 
W IT H V IS A 4' F IN ISH 

SO LID C O LO R S 
6o" WIDE 
FAMOUS MILLIKEN 
1oo% POLYESTER 

T SF% it* iF i i I A I k (Pl 7 
DUIS IN 

AMERICA'S 
FAVORITE GABARDINE 

<r i I D A | I W p 

FULL 

PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

YD. 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

YD. 
PRICE 
YD. 

TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

* 9 
YO. 
FULL PIECE PRICE 
YO. 
CUT TO 
ORDER PRICE 
F A M O U S B U R IIN G T O N / K IO P M A N | 

1 o o % POLYESTER 

G O O D A SSO R T M E N T OF 

C O LO R S 

FAMOUS MILLIKEN FASHION PRINTS 
6o ' WIDE • 1oo% POLYESTER • FIRST QUALITY 

FULL 

PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 

SPEGAL 
SELECTION. .. 
FULL BOLTS 45" WIDE 

D ESIG N ER -T Y PE PRIN TS 
1 o o % ACETATE 

ALL ON BOLTS FAMOUS BRAND 45" WIDE 
SPECIAL LOW PRICE FOR THIS BIG SAVINGS EVENT 
PLAIDS, STRIPES, SOLIDS, PATCHWORK, FLORALS, NOVELTIES 
OUTSTANDING VALUES 

 l f 
CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
TD. price 

YO. 

FUU 
PUC! pita 
YO 

CUT 
TO 
OIOtR 
PHU 
5 o % POLYESTER 5 o % C O T T O N 
6 5 % POLYESTER 3 5 % C O T T O N 
1 o o % C O T T O N S 

■A 'V • 

FULL 

PIECE 
YO. PBIC* 

 r f cut 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

 i j H IQ N FABRIC! 
OVER 5ooo YARDS 
LOW PRICE 

 rn J rn 
FULL 

PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YO. 
PRICE 

FIRST QUALITY 
F R O M 
MERRY MARY 
BEAUTIFUL N E W S P R IN G 
P R IN T S ...4 5 " W ID E 
FULL BOLTS 

1 o o % POLYESTER 

FULL BOLTS 
ALL NEW SPRING SELECTION 
OUTSTANDING NEW PATTERNS 
FAMOUS MILLIKEN FASHIONS 
6o" WIDE FIRST QUALITY 
SOLIDS AND FANCIES 
1oo% POLYESTER 
CO-ORDINATED 

HUGE SELECTION 

O U R ENTIRE ST O C K 

FULL 

PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 

PANT SUIT—DRESS—BLOUSE 
DRAPERY—NOVELTIES 

1oo % RAYON-1oo% ACETATE— 1oo% COHON 
65% POLYESTER, 35% COTTON-1oo% NYLON 
1oo% RAYON 1oo% ACRYLIC 

AND MANY MANY MORE 
COME SEE 

YD. 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

PUU 

YO f m pita 

CUT 
TO 
O IH ! 
TD. HIC! 

FULL 

PIECE 
YD. PRICE 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 
W H ITE RO SE O R D A N RIV ER 

FIRST Q U A LIT Y 

6 5 % POLYESTER 3 5 % POLYESTER 

N E W S H IP M E N T — A U O N C A R O S 

D 
U 
I 
I 
[ j |Su| S 
W ATTACHING TOOL 

Tj A 
$ I 
O O 
FOR 
EA. 
FOR 
EACH 

I i f 
CARDS 
A b r 
CARD 
S O M E PRE PRICED TO 7o E A C H 
CARDS 
• 
* 
9 
EACH 

6 SETS IN PKG.— PRE PRICED 9o‘ EA. 

12 YDS. • V 
W IDE 
J O IN S FA B RIC S W IT H O U T S T IT C H IN G 
PRE PRICED $1.oo 

GHANDI CLOTH 

SO LID S A TYPE DYE 

CRIN KLE CLOTH 

FULL 

PIECE 
YO 
PRICE 

OUR ENTIRE STOCK On.69AM.98 

YO. 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

H E A V Y W E IG H T 
5 o % P O LY EST ER -5o % COTTON 

MANUFACTURIRS 
SUCCESTKD 
RETAIL 
MONDAY ONLY 
NO LIMIT 

FULL 

PIECE 
TD. 
PUCE 
YD. 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

1 o o % C O T T O N — S O M E S C O T C H G A R D E D 

ALLON BOLTS 

FULL 

PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 

7 
o 
CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YO. 
PRICE 

1 o o % O LEFIN H E R C U L O N — 54 ' W ID E 

A i IT I L 
I TO IO YO PIECES 
GOOD QUALITY— MOSTLY SOLIDS 

FULL 

PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

R E M N A N T S OF U N D E T E R M IN E D FIBER C O U N T 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
YO. 
PUCE 

R iie in n e c 9 nH 
DU 911 IC o 9 UUU ll RUI Ibis 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5 —Sunday February Iii 1977 
Page I -G 
Pour oil on troubled waters? 

By DICK M h R K tX 
CHIEF, EXPRESS N EW S AUSTIN BUREAU 
AUSTIN — Last week legisla­ tion was laid out here its authors say will literally spread oil on the troubled waters of ad valor­ em taxation in Texas. 
The legislative doubleheader calls for elimination of the ad valorem tax for maintenance and operations cur­ rently being levied on property owners by school districts state-wide. 
Abolition of this tax would represent a saving of some $1.3 billion for school district property owners over the next two years. 
To replace this revenue on the school districts’ books, a second bill calls for imposing a five per cent tax on all crude oil and distillate input into Tex­ as’ refineries. 
This tax would produce an estimated 
SI.7 billion over the same two-year period, with three-fourths earmarked for the school districts and the balance to the state highway program 
Immediate “ on the street’’ reaction to the news was predictably good. 
Anything that would reduce an ad valorem tax has to be good. 
Anything that would eliminate such a tax completely has to be nothing short of unbelievable. 
However, as the week wore on. there 

 was another predictable reaction — this from the state's oil industry and it was anything but good. 
Even as proponents of the legislation were mustering support for their bills, the* industry was rallying its forces to battle against them 
One of the major rallying points for the opposition is the Austin head- 

W ILLIAM ABINGTON 
Tax reform act a windfall for some 

N EW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

N EW YORK - The Tax Re­ form Aet of 197H was full of major provisions but the biggest thing it provided early on was burgeoning business for lawyers, accountants, brokers and publishers. 
Not since the enactment of the In­ ternal Revenue (ode of 1954 was this world of financial legerdemain, so ex­ quisitely calculating, so painfully con­ trived, burdened with such blessings, as lawyers searched for loopholes lost and loopholes gained, accountants be­ gan unlearning the old and mastering the new and publishers scrambled to disseminate and analyze the new law. 
“ Hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent — some would say wasted — as a result of this Act.” said 
Prof. Bernard Wolf man. an enthusias­ tic tax reformer who teaches tax law at 
Harvard. “ This gigantic side effect had nothing to do with whether the act makes for good or bad tax law.” 

Law has provided jobs for law yers, accou ntants an d brokers 

Iii tile winter's worst snowstorm more than HIM) lawyers found Bedford. 
N ll., and paid $5o each to attend a session on the new law sponsored by bar association. 
When the Federal Tax Institute of 
New England announced a two-day session on the act, Boston's John Han­ cock Hall was filled with 1,ooo lawyers paying $75 each. 
‘Sadism ’ 
Prof. John Kenneth Galbraith of 
Harvard University suggested that the act was a device whereby legislators provided impetus for the CNP. 
‘ There s no question that it's quite an industry.” he said, then summarized the industry as “ economic sadism” which takes pleasure and profit from the fresh sorrows of the taxpayer. 
“ There s no way of avoiding it,” he 
See REFORM. Page >G 

 quarters of the Texas Mid-Continent 
Oil And Gas Assn. 
Almost as soon as word of the pro­ posed legislation got around. Mid-Con­ tinent issued a press release predicting some very dire consequences if the tax bill finally becomes law. 
The tax, it pointed out. would further jeopardize construction of Sea-Doek facilities for foreign oil to Texas for refining. 
It would also make less likely the possibility of refining Alaskan crude here in Texas. 
The tax would also give a big boost to rapid expansion of refineries of the 
Middle East and North Africa. 
And finally, it also hinted broadly at further intervention by the federal government in the form of stranger controls over oil and gas prices. 
Ready and willing 
By week’s end, Mid-Continent's Ex­ ec. Dir. William Abington was ready, and more than willing, to expand on these points which will surely be the main line of the industry's attack on the legislation. 
Sea Dock, invisioned as a huge off­ shore terminal off the Texas Gulf 
Coast, is now a shaky concept at best, la* says. 
“ Sea Dock has been in the mill now for some five years.” Abington sa vs 
“ Originally, there were some 12 ma­ jor oil companies considering partici­ pation in its construction. 
“ However, under restrictions an­ nounced by the federal government to be placed on Sea Dock tin* number of participants has dropped off to eight 
“ Just last December, EXXON an­ nounced it was pulling out. 
"There are so many contingencies on Sea Dock now it wouldn’t take much to make the remaining participants pull out.” Abington says, leaving little doubt the tax might just bo the “ final straw.” 
On the question of Alaskan oil, 
Abington moved quickly to counter the statement of Sen. Peyton McKnight of 
Tyler, one of the bill's co-sponsors. 
McKnight has already warned the oil industry would threaten the tax could affect the flow of Alaskan oil to Texas refineries. 
The Tyler senator told a press con­ ference not to believe this threat since the pipeline to carry the oil into Texas was already there “ right into Mid­ land.” 
Wrong direction 

The pipeline is there. Abington con­ cedes, but it s pointing in the wrong direction. 
It is currently carrying natural gas from Texas to California. 
"In order to obtain this pipeline to ship oil to Texas, you’re going to have to assure California of a continued gas supply." 

Proposed bills would eliminate ad va­ lorem taxes, but impost* a fire per cent tax on all crude oil and distillates refined in Texas 

That’s only part of it. Abington says 
“ The mood in California righi now isn’t all that good on the Alaskan oil situation. They’re already opposing plans for the construction of an off­ shore terminal near Long Beach from an environmental standpoint 
"In addition, if the pipeline is se­ cured for shipping Alaskan oil into 
Texas some new lines will have to be constructed for about 83-miles as well as pump stations. 
“ All of these factors, when added up, represent a major investment by the oil industry, and when added tit the present situation in California, cer­ tainly don’t make tin* Alaskan crude plan a certainty,” 
The 48 oil refineries in Texas repre­ sent 28 per cent of the nation's refining capacity. Abington continues 
According to industry figures. Tex­ as' refineries produce some 3 f) million barrels of oil daily One third of all this oil refined in Texas last year was for­ 

 eign crude. 
The industry paid over $4o billion iii 
1977 for this crude, Abington points out 
Increasing the price to the point where Texas' refineries would no longer be competitive would release enough capital to the oil producing nations of the Middle East and North 
Africa “ that they could build their own refineries and chemical plants 
“ They would then refine their own products and export them to the U.S. instead of having it done here,” 
Abington warns 
“ Highly discriminated 
According to Abington, “ Texas' re­ fineries employ some 38.1)1)1) people with an average payroll of $812 7 mil­ lion annually 
The proposed tax would produce about $82H million the first year 
“ That’s 135 per cent of our total pas roll," he says 

\bington charges the proposed tax is highly discriminatory. 
“ Texas’ refinery industry accounts for eight per cent of the total manu­ facturing of the state Repeal of the ad valorem tax would amount to a tre­ mendous break for all mdustrv iii the state Certainly the oil industry would share iii that But. bv the same token, we would be made to pick up the tab on the other end for everyone 
Concluding, \bington posed a ques­ tion 
“ Assuming the refinerv tax is used to replace the ad v anicut tax. what would happen it there was another oil embargo” 
“ The answer is obvious Since Texas refines HO per cent ol all the foreign oil brought into the United Stales, you would immmodiatelv lose H4 per cent of your state's public school finance revenue 
“ If some new source of financing must be found for such an important thing as public education. I don’t think ll should be tied to the whims of so­ mething as uncertain as foreign oil 
( oncluding. \bmgton calls the pro­ posed tax “ a very dangerous thing to say the least 
“ It will ultimately be damaging to the entire economy of Texas and lo an mdustrv which is an integral ol ilia) eeonomv 
Tesoro is planning to reduce Corco holdings 

Tesoro Petroleum Corp. is considering reducing its invest­ ment in tis troubled affiliate, the 
Commonwealth Oil Refining 
Company, Inc. (Coml). 
During the first quarter of Tesoro’s 
1977 fiscal year, the company lost $1 2 million, or 29 cents per diluted share, compared with net earnings, before preferred dividends, of $4 8 million, or 
44 cents per share and H9 cents per diluted share, for the-year earlier per­ iod 
Dr. Robert V West Jr., Tesoro's chairman of the board and chief exe­ cutive officer, said that Tesoro \ result are attributable to the company's 
“ equity in the losses of it s 37.8 per cent-owned Corco affiliate.” 
Com ps losses 
He said Tesoro's interest in Corco s 
* losses amounted to $19 I million, or HH cents a share, for the quarter 
Dr. West said that as a result of 
Corco's cont nilling losses ut the last 

 several months and recent writedowns, the company is “ is evaluating the 

DR. ROBERT V. WEST 

 amount at which it is carrying its in­ vestment iii Corco iii Tesoro’s financial statements and is considering reduc­ ing such amount 
He said that Tesoro feels that finan­ cial uncertainties of Corco would be reflected iii any current accountant’s opinion relating lo its ('Tesoro’s) fin­ ancial statements 

Ocher net earnings 

Aside fro m Tesoro’s interests iii 
Corco, Dr West said that Tesoro’s net earnings for the quarters of fiscal 1977 aud 1978, which were $1o 8 million, or 
88 cents a share, and $9 ti million, cir 9o 
(•(‘lits a share 
Dr West also said that despite the effects of Corco’s losses on Tesoro’s financial results, the company’s funds from operations increased 74 per cent to $19 8 million for the first 1977 quarter, compared to the similar 1978 period and Increased 74 per cent to 
$19 8 million for the first 1977 quarter, compart'd to the similar 1978. com­ pared to fiscal 1975. 
Last m onth’s price jump worries som e analysts 

N EW YORK — Wall Street, already suf­ fering from a ease of inflationary jitters, was aggravated last week even more by the 
o.8 per cent jump in consumer prices in 
January. 
For those determined to achieve maximum anx­ iety, ll 9 per cent eau be multiplied by 12 months to give an annual rate of inflation of 9 H per cent. 

But, jitters may be temporary because o f increased profits anti dividends, some say. 

Mso. inflationary fears can be compounded bv expectations of a tighter 
Federal Reserv e moue tan policy, sharply ris­ ing interest rates and — despite 
President 
Caner s reassurances to the contrary — price controls. 
Iii the most ot all this pessimism, however, there is a serious cast* for optimism. 
It starts by discounting heavily for the impact of the unusually severe winter. This has given consumer prices a hard upward shove The bitter cold has also created en­ ergy shortages iii some areas, forced plant clos­ ings and la y o ffs and 

By 
I CONARD SICK! 
NEW YORF TIMES SERVICE 

 caused Hie labor force to shrink, as hundreds of thousands ol frustrated lob seekers stopped look­ ing for work iii the cold 
A great many shoppers no doubt staved home, partly as a result of the dent made iii family budgets by rising fuel and electric* bills 
However. Prof Solo­ mon Fabneant, the dis­ tinguished productivity and growth expert of the 
National 
Bureau of 
Economic Research, be­ lieves there is no reason to expert that the severe winier will put a lasting 

 crimp in the economic expansion. 
The Carter Adminis­ tration reached the same conclusion iii deciding not to increase its stimu­ lus package to make tip for the unusual w inter weather 
Indeed, the spring thaw, when it comes, is likely to release a spurt of catch-up buying and an industrial rebound. 
The case for optimism rests on much more the a reverse seasonal affect. 
Most fundamentally, if is based on the outlook for continuing economic growth and expanding business profits 
After-tax corporate profits increased last year by 28 8 per cent. 
And div idcud (layouts, fi­ 

 gured from the final quarter of 1975 to the fin­ al quarter of 1978, in­ creased 17 per cent 
Since 1977 began, cor­ porations have been in­ creasing their dividends even more. Standard & 
Poor’s has calculated that more companies have increased their di­ vidends than in any prior 
January since the mid-195os, when S & I* began recording such data. 
The ease for optimism includes the expectation that the economy is on solid ground and will go on expanding for at least two more years. 
This expectation rests partly on the ( arter Ad- ministrulton s two-year stimulus package But it 

 also rests on belief that the underlying growth trend is stronger than many observers realize 

GNI* slowdown 
On the surface, last week's report of the 
Commerce Department that the gross national product had slowed to an annual rate of increase of only 2.4 lier cent was ta­ ken as bearish news. 
However, the slowdown to 2.4 per cent (rather than the original esti­ mate of 3 per cent) was caused by less inventory accumulation that than the Commerce Depart­ ment originally estimat­ ed 

Highest Rates... 
Shortest Terms! 

Higher returns in a shorter time. That’s Bexar County Savings’ plan. At Bexar County Savings, you earn more sooner because we pay more earlier. 

Compare our rates Then compare our terms You’ll find they don’t come any bigger, or better, than Bexar County Savings 

See (O SSI MER. 

Dalapoint Corp. applies for 
WYSE listing 

Data poi ut has announced thai ii is seeking a listing* on the New York Stock 

Exchange. 
The firm said ii has applied tor the listing of and trading of its common 

 slock, which is currently ira cd over-the counter under the symbol I) VPU). 
The company reported 3.1 million shares ol stock outstanding in its appli­ cation lo the NYRE. 
The maker and marketer ol computers and services recently completed 

 acquisition of another ti-I t company, AVK (IMP, Inc,, for $2 million. 
The company reported net earnings of $2 2, million, or 85 cents a share tor 

(he quarter ended Jan HI J his compares with earnings, before the betiellt of a lax loss carryforward, ol $1.1 million, or al e enls a share tor the year-earlier pert od. 
Eor the six months ended Jan, JI. net earnings were It 8 million, or $1.24 

 per share, which compares with earnings, belute the benefit of a tax toss carry lorwaul. ot $2.4 million, or 89 cents a share tor the lirsi hall ol fiscal 197b. 
Revenues tor the six month period were Vlb.K million, a 51 per cent 

 incrrease over the (he $31 I million reported lur the lirst hall ol fiscal 197b, 

The purchase value (based on the published end purchase prices) of 

 equipment shipped tor sale or lease during the first halt increased 23 per cent to $7b.3 million, up (rem the bl.9 million a year earlier. 
The company said that because ol a slowdown in the order rate el equipment 

 projected earnings per share fiscal 1977, ending July 31, to be up 29 to 3o per 

Vccnt. rather than an earlier estimated 3o to IU per ccm 

 www'MiiiioiiiiuriiTririr-TTmiiTim-finrrTiTnfinTnomrrcT^rrmiiiiaaMwiwipiowionaMjiB^MMl^BM^MM^MMWBWi^iwoiwioiii n limn iiiciiniiiiioiii>»iiicooiiw>wMowiooooiio>« 

Sunbelt trips costing more 

NEW YORK — Traveling expenses for salesmen rose moderately last year, but the rate of increase dropped for a second year in a row, a new survey says. 
Average costs of food, r 

CURREN T 

RATE 

PER ANNUM 
7.75% 
7.5o% 
7% 
6.75% 
6.25% 
5.75% 

MINIMUM 
DEPO SIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 

 lodging and car rental advanced only 8.2 per cent iii 1978 to about $72 a day, according to an an­ nual survey of national selling costs by Sales & 
Marketing Magazine* 
Last year’s rise* t a l ­ lowed increases of 9 8 per cent iii 1975 and 13 8 per cent iii 1974 iii the wake of the energy crisis 
But un-the-road c o s ts 
\aired widely from area to area, with the biggest increases often recorded in the “ Sunbelt” cities. 
Rising costs in the 

Houston area led the list. 

ASSOCIATED WI VS 

LENGTH OF 
D EPO SIT 

24 M O N TH S 

16 M O N TH S 

12 MONTHS 

 f MONTHS 

FROMDATEQF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE f i 4 
VO 
O f WITHDRAWAL 
W ' 

8.o5% 8.37% 

7.79% 7.94% 

7.25% 7.25% 

5.92% 

 gaining 15 7 per cent in 
1978, but the daily ex­ penses tit salesman in­ creased 13 per cent or more last year 
The shi v ev s as erage weekly selling costs of 
$389 included $153 lur auto rental. $113 for lodging aud $94 for food and drink 
The fastest-rising cost was lodging, advancing 
8.8 per cent last year while auto rentals showed the slowest in­ crease of 4 8 per cent. 

ALL ACCOUNTS COMPOUNDED DAILY 

BEXAR 
COUNTY 
SAVINGS 

(HOU Mc Crete;** Shopping City 
P O Bo* 2312o 
IH 37 at South New Braunfels 
San Antonio Te*as 78223 
(512) 532-3136 

 it Chartered supervised and examined regularly by the savings and Loan Department of the State o* Te*as.. it 

Carter team finds the going tougher 

Machinery sales dip for two-month period 

Used m etalw orking m achin­ ery sales recorded tin' best .Jan­ uary ever for that month, but marked a IIH per cent decline from December. IOT. 

S;ilt*s reached an index figure of 
14S.2 for .January, according to statistics supplied by tho Machinery 
Dealers National Assn (MONA) an industry trade group 

 hast mouth s sales weir down from the December, index, and down ti I percent from the November. 1976. index as well 
Ben Cone, president o! < kl Smith 

January sales were the strongest ever„ hut irere down J'rotn twit previous months 

Machinery Salt's. Inc.. Greensboro. 
N C . and chairman of the South East chapter of MDNA. fools that the na­ tion's severe winter weather and ac­ companying fuel cutbacks had an ad­ verse affect on machinery sales. 
“ In our area, natural gas supply problems caused many manufacturers to curtail operating hours, and in some eases shut down operations complete­ ly,*’ Cone said 
REFORM 

“ Manufacturers have just had too much to worry about, and I am positive that this has had a negative affect on used machinery sales,” he said 
Cone said he felt that used machin­ ery sales would gain once mild weather sets iii 

The sales figures released by MDNA area compiled by Ernst and Ernst; sales index is based on 1972 equals KHI. 

CONTINUED 

 added, “ not Ut worry about the extra amount of taxes It s so small that most people won't miss tile money 
Professor Galbraith said that the in­ dustry generated bv Hit' aet depended on “ the principled conviction that you shouldn't pay more taxes than you have to,” and added Ilia! it was all 
“ related to the deep sense «»t injustice that the affluent have — far greater than that of the poor 
The American Law Institute — 
American Bar Association i ommittee on Continuing Professional Education sponsored three national institutes on the aet, conjured up 23 course's of study explaining the aet. eveivthing from 
Legal Aspects of Museum Operations lo Modern Beal Estate' Transactions published a two-volume* course of studies oil the Reform — 828 pages. 

 and prepared a set of 14 video casettes on the subject 
” Enormous' is an apt description,” said Paul A Wolkin. A LI-ABA's exe- eutive director, of the1 activity and money involved iii spreading the tax gospel 
Wills 
One immediate consequences of the act was that lawyers had to review clients' wills — a vast undertaking. 
' I lie lawyer iii the* stree*t is going to make a bundle on this a it.-' noted 
Thomas T Heney. executive director of the Practicing Law Institute, an­ other continuing legal education or­ ganization 
I ii his fireside chat earlier this month President Carter promised “ a very simple tax return,” so that 75 per 

FROM IG 

 cent of Americans could simply take the standard deduction — but that is intended for 1978 
At present taxpayers are either going to spend more time sorting out their own returns or pay more for a lawyer, accountant or tax consultant to do it for them with the complex new law. Even tin* commissioner of Inter nal Revenue has warned that tax payers may need help this year fleury W Block, president ol ll & R 
Block, whu h prepared returns for 8 > million taxpayers, almost til per cent of the total last year at an average cost of SIH 45 each, noted that many new clients had turned up Ibis year, evi­ dently confused by the new aet, and because of additional training for preparers necessitated by the aet. charges are going up 5 to 7 per cent. 

Bv HOBART ROWEN 
W A SH IN G TO N 
- 
.Jiminy 
Carter, running for the presi­ dency, promised he would dras­ tically cut the unemployment rate, balance the budget, and introduce a new range of social programs — all within his first term. 
Although many observers wrote this off as merely campaign rhetoric. 
Carter’s closest economic adv isers arc sticking to the general outline of the economic goals. But they now concede ifs going to be tough. 
In the handsome White House office in the West Wing once occupied by 
John Ehrliehman. 34-year old Stuart 
Eizenstat — Carter's No. I adv iser on domestic issues — puts it this way; 
” 1 think what has become painfully obvious is something we knew — but you have to see it to believe it. That is, the fact is the budget numbers are very tight, and having to add the sti­ mulus (package) on top of ail already existing $Bll billion deficit, gives you even less latitude.” 
What it comes down to, Eizenstat admits, is that “ every few of the things that we’d like to do are attainable un­ less we can get economic growth back to a 5.5 per cent track.” 
Not by 198o 
Coincidentally, Alice Rivlin ’s Con gressional Budget Office also reported to Congress last week that goals as ambitious as Carter’s could not bo achieved by 198o unless the growth rate turns unusually high. 
But while there is a surface similar­ ity iii Rivlm’s and Eizenstat’s assess­ ment. there is a subtle and important difference. Rivlm suggests that if past performance is any guide, the privatt sector won’t produce anything like a 
5.5 per cent growth rate, without sub­ stantial government deficits 

And if I understood Eizenstat, he was saying that if we got a 5.5 per cent growth rate, we can eliminate defi­ cits and move toward a balanced bud­ get One or the other must be wrong 

For the moment, the reality is red ink — lots of it — $7o billion in fiscal 
1977. and something approaching $61) billion iii the amended fiscal 1978 bud­ get Carter is about to send to Congress 
Zero-base bud^eiin^ 

With some justification. Carter's aides say it isn t their baby — it's still a Ford budget. Tile country won't get a real look at the Carter administration, they say, until it introduces “ zero- base” budgeting for fiscal 1979. Wa­ shington veterans will believe “ zero- base" budgeting when they see it work the idea is to force a justification of all federal spending every year —■ 

 including programs started in a prior year. 
The skeptics tend to think that the persistence of high unemployment and a sluggish recovery are likely to force 
Carter to give up one or more of his goals — either the fiscal 1981 balanced budget, full employment, or a mean­ ingful start on such ambitious pro­ grams as national health insurance. 
The Week 
In Business 

Eizenstat. among the half-dozen or so most influential Carter advisers who continue a direct, personal relation­ ship. insists that isn t so. 
The campaign promises were “ judi­ cious.” he points out. allowing for 
“ phasing in” the liming of various new programs. 
Meanwhile, the impact of back-to- back budget deficits in fiscal 1977 and 
1978 that total some $ JBO billion is clearly worrying financial markets. 

Wall Street’s perceptions may be wrong but its expectation of trouble is a fact that must be dealt with. Eizen­ stat argues that there will be plenty of 
“ liquidity" — lenders with cash — to finance the deficits. 
But many financial men wonder. A high growth rate will feed competing demands for money from business and the housing industry. The drive to get the economy rolling, plus outside price pressures arising from drought and energy shortages could re-tilt the scales toward inflation. 

There is clearly enough slack in the economy now so that the deficit this year ought to he absorbed fairly well. 
But looking down the road to 1978, a strong program to stablize wages and prices may be necessary. 

Nobody likes the word controls. But maybe ihey'ro inevitable. The real economic trade-off of this era may not he, as conventional wisdom has it, between full employment and infla­ tion. ll may, instead be between full employment and controls. To get the one, we may need to accept a degree of the other 
Production up for December 

Industrial production in Texas climbed in December at nearly a ‘JO per cent annual rate. 
Preliminary figures, supplied bv the 
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, show total output 2.1 per cent above a year earlier, seasonally adjusted 
The increase resulted from a rise iii manufacturing output that more than offset a drop in mining. 
Durable goods manufacturing led the gain iii total factory output, with biggest gains occuring in stone, clay. and glass; fabricated metals, non­ electrical machinery; and transporta­ tion equipment 
Reduced crude 
In nondurable goods area, textiles, apparel, food and allied products, along w itll printing and publishing were largely responsible for the rise. 

Biggest gains came in building goods and ma­ chinery. 

Chemical and petroleum refining output were also up. while paper was the only industry lo suffer a decline 
Reduced crude oil output production accounted for tho decreased in mining activity. Drilling posted its first de­ cline iii seven months, according to the report 
Reflecting the strong gain in factory output, the manufacturing capacity utilization index rose iii December tit 
97 ti per cent of the 1972 base — the highest level since December 1974 
CONSUMER 

CONTINUED 

Paradoxically, this meant that filial salt's — 

 real GNI* corrected for the change in business inventories — was even 
Partnership formed for industrial park 

LIGHTNING 
STRIKES 
CHECKING 
ACCOUNTS 

C hecking accounts are money losers. 

Money kept in checking accounts does not earn interest. 

With a World Savings Lightning Account, a simple phone tall will iianster your idle checking account funds to World 
Savings, where your money will earn 5 GT interest compounded continuously. 
When you want that money back in your checking account, another quick and easy phone call is all it takes. 

With very little effort on your part you can keep nearly ail your money working tor you nearly all the time. 

Call World Savings and ask about a Lightning Account. 

It\ fast . , , it’s simple . . . and it’s smart 

 r n 

Member E S ,LTC 

WORLD SAVINGS 

Interchange Ltd., a local partnership, has been formed to complete tin' development of the 

7o-acre Interchange Fast 
Industrial Park, located at UMH and 111-41o 
M S Adler, of Stout 

Workshop seeks new job contracts 

The Opportunity Work­ shop needs new job contracts, according to the Bexar County Mental 
Health Mental Retarda­ tion Center. 
Under the Mental Re­ tardation Program, the 
Workshop provides training to mentally re­ tarded adults by con­ tracting with local busin­ essmen for such jobs us repairing pallets, mak­ ing candles and bows, assembly line work. food 

 preparation and nurser­ y/greenhouse work 
Clients receive prepar­ ation for the nursery/ greenhouse work through the Workshop s green­ house and landscaping jobs for Center facilities 
Plants and flowers may be bought at the Work­ shop, while other items may be purchased through El CanUelero, located iii El Mercado. 
For more inform a­ tion.call 532-73o8. 

Blit 
Texas, and c < 
•Pop" I i ii ti ti. represent­ ing a group of limited partners, made 
Hie announcement Saturday 

Stout B ill Texas will develop and soil the tract according to the needs of the buyers, Adler said 

The new park is zoned for light industry and in­ cludes rail service by 
Southern Pacific, along with access to the major freeway systems, he said 
“ There is nothing like it iii San Antonio.” he said, “ because of the deed restrictions govern­ ing the park, like a prohibition against metal buildings and a number of landscaping, parking and screening requirements " 
Plans are underway, lit said, for street pav mg. 

 stronger than originally estimated 
Instead of growing at an annual rate of LH per cent iii the fourth quarter of I97B, final sales ac­ tually increased at a rate of 5 5 per cent 
Thus the trend of final sales through the four quarters of 197H was as follows: 3.7 per cent, 4.2 per cent. 4 2 per cent and 
» .i per cent 
That rising trend implies a strong proba­ bility that the adm inst­ ration will he right in its forecast that tile real 
GNT* this year vv ill in­ crease by 5 75 per cent to ii per cent, from the fourth quarter of 1976 to the fourth quarter of 
1977 
Such a rise is likely to strengthen business pro­ fits as 1977 wears on 
Profits are iii part a function of rising operat­ ing rates 
En en more basically. however, busi­ ness has improved lls profit margins iii the last couple of years as a re­ sult of a very aggressive corporate pricing stra- 

FROM IG 

 tegy. Since 1974. corpor­ ate profit margins have broken a 12-year declin­ ing trend Profit margins unproved iii 1975 and 
1976 
As operating rates move up this year, pro­ fits should continue to increase. The standard forecasts is for a rise iii profits in 1977 of ll) to 12 per cent. but the com­ bination of better mar­ gins and higher utiliza­ tion of capacity could increase profits even more than that 
Gaining 

The ease for optimism is not so bearish as the general view oil inflation. 
Productivity appears to be gaining by 2 to 3 per cent So there is no rea­ son to believe that infla­ tion must accelerate appreciably from the 4 8 per cent rate of the past year 
As for sharply rising interest rates, the Feder­ al Reserve, like the Su­ preme Court, has a way of following the election returns. 

HOO North Main Av. 
223-4211 

131o Rat Booker Rd 
658-7495 

Loop 41o at Fermi Bend 

656-3373 

Loop 41o at Vance Jackson 
34M:81 

8oo3 Fredericksburg Rd 
6o6-983o 

Parliament Square at Blanco Rd 
349-5371 

We art* pleased to announce the assoc iation of 

IESSE I. ERBEN and 
TONY CONKLIN 

\\ ith our firm, and their election as 

VICI R E SID EN T S 

RAUSCHER PIERCE SECURITIES CORPORATION 

New personnel agency opens 

Sharpe Personnel Ser- v ice has opened at 6322 
Sovereign 
Dr., an­ nounced T O. “ Tom ” 
Sharpe, owner 
The agency will deal iii general employment counseling, primarily iii clerical, administrative and technical areas, he 
Sip! 
The office w ill staff 
»iv e counselors. 
“ Our office w ill con­ centrate on the local 

 marketing area.” he said. “ While we are a general counseling agency, the counselors are experienced in var­ ious special areas." 

Sharpe served as a counselor with Snelling and Snelling Em ploy­ ment Service for two years, and was vice pre­ sident and general manager of Finney & 
Associates, Personnel 
Consultants, Inc. 

Bill Cunningham is on vacation. 
His column will return when he does. 
Marketplace 

GML TRUCKS 

I YUirel Drive. Short k long Wheel 
Base \anduras & Suburbans 

TINDALL k SON 

Pontiac, GML' 

People 
In Business 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 * 
Page ,3-G 

Burgess 
Billion 
Sommers 

Ernst 

Pfeil 

Arthur Serna, San Antonio field representative of the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Com­ pany, attended an interm ediate retirem ent plan workshop at John Hancock Institute. 
Halph Burgess has been promoted to director of planning, inventory control and traffic; and M ar­ tin F. Dillon to director of manufacturing at Da- tapoint Corp. 
Stanley Torgerson has been named director of stores and Barbara Sommers has been promoted to area merchandise m anager at Liberty House. 
Clark Anderson has been promoted to vice pre­ sident of sales and m arketing at Judson Candies, 
Inc. 
Harold Grist, president of Com m ercial Body 
Corp. of San Antonio, Austin and Irving, has been elected to a three year term on the board of trustees of the Truck Equipm ent and Body Distri­ butors Assn. 
Katherine Pfeil has been promoted to auditor at 
Alamo Heights National Bank. 
Charles A. Wright, vice president and cashier of 
Main Bank & Trust, has been elected president of the San Antonio (Tearing House Assn. 

Boger Christian has been named vice president and creative director of the Pitluck Group, San 
Antonio advertising, m arketing and public re la­ tions firm. 

Joe Ernst has been nam ed sales and service representative for Calavo Growers of California. 

Pam ela A. Herrera has com pleted a selling supervisor workshop at the J. C. Penney Regional 
Training Center in Atlanta, Ga. 

Mary Lou and Huck Huckaby of Voila Sales, 
Tupperware distributors in San Antonio, have been honored as (tile of the top 35 distributors in the flitted States. 

Douglas Steadman, of VV. E. Simpson Company, and Robert W. Opitz, of R. VV. Opitz, attended a management conference of the American Society of Civil Engineers in New York. 
Baul V. Lope/, has co m p leted a m e rc h a n d is in g m a n a g e m e n t training workshop at the J. C. Penney Regional 
Training Center in Atlanta, Ga. 
Irving Gindy, vice president and sales m anager 

 y 

Boe mer 

Gindy 

Norris 

Geyer 

Cnlted Serv ices Automobile Assn., has become one of the first certified personnel executives in the country to be accredited as part of a new program endorsed by the Am erican Society of Personnel 
Administrators. 
E. LeRoy Hccr, assistant vice president and actuary at United Services Automobile Assn , is the new vice chairm an of the Texas Medical Lia­ bility Underwriting Assn. 
At Aetna Insurance Co.. Arthur R. Nielsen has been a p p o in ted m a n a g e r of the San A ntonio regional office 
, 
Nielsen joined Aetna’s home office in 1984 and two vears later became com mercial supervisor at the Boston regional office. Since 1974 ho has been at Chicago as agency development m anager. 
Jam es G. Martin has been named chairm an of 
1977 Engineers Week iii San Antonio. 
Martin is associated with VV. E. Simpson Co., consulting engineers. 
The Culligan water conditioning products and se rv ice s dealer for San Antonio. Gib Boerner has been selected out of 1.35o Culligan distributors as the recipient of the co m p an y 's first Harold F. 
Werhane award. 

Women's bank sees the cause, but not the profit 

 of Central Distributing Company, addressed fellow] m em bers of the Fodders Corp. Distributor Coun­ cil iii Newark, N. J. 

L. E. Castleberry Jr.. m anager of the Federal 
Reserve Bank spoke at the 25th F arm and Ranch 
Credit School at Texas A & M University. . 

John Tepera has been promoted to vice presi­ dent in the loan departm ent. Cathy Cox to loan officer and Merlin Miller to assistant cashier and assistant trust officer at Jefferson State Bank. 

Lonnie Amesquita, Thomas Brooks, Anne Geyer, 
Betty Norris, Jam es Sanchez, Sammy Scrivano and 
Joe Toinpler have com pleted training for certification as advanced office control senior practitioners at United Serv ices Automobile Assn. 

Marie Kelleher, vice president of personnel at 
U nited S erv ice s A u to m o b ile A ssn., has been named chairm an of the Personnel Committee of the National Assn. of Independent Insurers. 

Irene Florida, director of compensation for 

N EW Y O M TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK - “ The best service this bank can do the cause of female equality is make som e m oney,” says Lynn I). 
Salvage, the new president of the first Women s Bank. New 
York State's first and only wo­ men's bank and one of the only three in the country. 
The bank has not been able to report a profit. Recently, Miss Salvage an ­ nounced a net loss of $938,521 last year, on top of the $453,813 it lost in 1975 during its first m onths of existence. 
The bank does not issue quarterly fi­ gures. 
Miss Salvage’s first days on the job have been spent p u tting to g e th er a plan she hopes will enable the bank at 
111 East 57th Street to break even this year. 
But this creates a problem. For to get tilt' First Women's Bank out of the 
US A A elects board 

The 
USAA 
F e d e ra l 
Credit Union has reached the $8 million m ark and has over 8,oo(1 m em bers, it was announced at the c r e d it u n io n ’s a n n u a l stockholders’ meeting. 
At the m eeting, held 
Feb. IO, the credit union, m a n a g e d by 
R obert 
Piatkowski, and William 
Manelos, assistant m an­ ager, elected board of directors: 
D ale C a lv e rt, p r e s i ­ dent; Gerald Moore, vice president; Lloyd VV. Siel- beck, tre a s u re r; Steve 
S h o rt, a s s is ta n t, tr e a s u r e r ; and Connie 
Amesquita. secretary. 
Other directors elected were: Henry Sharp, ( ary 
Sheffy, J o e J im e n e z , 
Carolyn Dresslar. Percy 
V. Giese, Edmond J. Uz- davines. Mike W agner and Edward Smith. 
Medical offices to open 

A m e d ic a l-d e n ta l building will be located at 88o1 Village Dr., an­ nounced Village Square, 
Inc. 
The building will be a 
48.7oo square-foot, two- story structure of granite stone and stucco. 
The building was de­ signed by John Wesley 
Jo n es, Inc. A rch itects and general contractor will be Guido Brothers 
Construction Co. 
Construction is s c h e d u le d w ith in two weeks. 

 red. Miss Salvage knows she will have to b eco m e m o re s tr ic t w ith h e r customers, including women 
“ You bump up against the cause,’’ is the way she puts it. Inst ailm ent-loan losses w ere running above average, and Miss Salvage thinks the bank was becoming “ a bit of a soft touch, espe­ cially for women. ” 
Now, stricter lending standards are being in stitu te d “ for m e, the real 
Two men prom oted by Zachry 

ROBERT ROUCH 

Two promotions have been named tit the ILB. Zachry Co., announced ILB. Zachry Jr. 
F elix L ange, 4 7 , has been ap p o in te d c o n ­ tr o lle r. in te r n a tio n a l operations, and R obert 
I). Rouch, 4 8 . was named c o n tro lle r, U.S. o p e r a ­ tions. 
L ange, a g ra d u a te of 
St. M a ry ’s U n iv e rsity with a bachelors degree in business a d m in is tra ­ tion, is a Certified Public 
A cco u n tan t and is a m em ber of the am erican 
In s titu te of P u b lic Ac­ countants and tin* Texas 
Society of CPA’s. 
Lange also received his m a sters degree in busi­ ness m anagem ent from the' University of Dallas’ and joined the firm in 
1981. 
Rouch, also a graduate of St. M ary's University with a bachelors degree in business a d m in is tra ­ tion. is a CPA , and a m em ber of the American 
I n s titu te of C e rtifie d 
Public Accountants, tin* f c l l A 
!■ vas Society of t ’PAs i l l ' V 
I k . . , and the In stitu te of In- 
MMWWk tT t e r nal 
A u d ito rs. 
Ile 
FELIX L A N G E joined the firm i i i 1 9 8 5 
Who’s Who adds 
Rupe o f Studers 

Dallas Gordon (Buddy) Rupe III has re­ cently been named to Who’s Who in the 
South and 
Southwest for outstanding achievements in business and civie affairs. 

The announcement was made by Je rry Majerus, executive vice president and general m anager of 
Studers Photos. Inc 
Rupe, a native Texan and graduate of Southern 
M ethodist U n iv e rs ity . joined the firm in 1975 
A fo rm e r investm ent banker iii Dallas. Rupe is vice president and a di­ rector of Rupe In v est­ ment Corp., the parent co m p an y of 
S tu d e rs 
Photos, Inc. 
Rupe and his wife, 
Beverly, have four chil­ dren, ILL , Jeff, Lendhie and Robin. 

 cause is the interest of 7.ooo-odd shar­ eholders. who a re chiefly w o m en ,” 
M iss S alv ag e say s. “ W om en m ust show they can own and run a success­ ful show.” 
Miss Salvage’s appointment ends a three-m onth search for a new p re si­ dent of the bank, following tin' depar­ ture of its first president. Madeline 
MeWhinney, to take a post a New York 
University. 
O nly 3o 
Only 3o y e a rs old. M iss S alvage comes to First W omen’s Bank from the 
Bankers Trust Com pany, w here sin1 was a vice president and a m anager of international investm ents; she spent last year on loan from Bankers Trust to the Treasury in Washington 
Miss Salvage was born i i i New York and is a graduate of the University of 
Pennsylvania and the H arvard Busi­ ness School. 
Her salary at First Women's Bank is 
$42,5oo a year, plus benefits, which she was deferred until tin’ bank breaks even. 
Besides being m ore careful about loans. Miss Salvage’s plan for getting the bank into the black requires that new d e p o s its , w hich have a lre a d y 
Bank adds 
Cocke to its board 

Bartlett Cocke Jr. has been elected to tile board of directors of the Alamo National Bank. 
The announcement was m ade by Reagan Hous­ ton, board chairm an, and 
Jo h n K. M eyer, p r e s i­ dent 
Cocke is p resident of 
B arlette Cocke J r. Con­ struction Co. 
A graduate of tin* Uni­ versity of Texas at Aus­ tin, he is past president of th e 
San 
A ntonio chapter of the Associated 
G eneral C o n tra cto rs of 
A m eric a and the A sso­ ciated G eneral C ontrac­ tors of Texas, B uilding 
Din ision. 
A m em b er of various civ ie o rg a n iz a tio n s , 
Cocke and Ins wife. W in­ ifred and three children are active in the Christ 
Episcopal Church. 

 climbed to $14 million from $8 million last vear. continue growing by about 
$25o,oo9 a month 
Cutting costs 
In addition, she is cutting costs. The staff of mostly women is already down to 27 from a peak of 43. She also plans to reduce the bank’s heavy promotion­ al advertising, which has often fea­ tured prominent companies doing bu­ siness with tilt' bank, in the hope of encouraging others to do likewise 
All the sam e, Miss Salvage knows 
F irs t W o m e n ’s B ank r e m a in s a 
“ cause.” even if she wants to m ake it a sound financial operation as wadi 
Moreover First Wom en’s Bank has been designated a minority bank under a Treasury program that offers aid to minority banks and, as such, is eligible for certain government assistance 
A lthough w om en c u r r e n t Iv o u tn u m c r m en i i i tilt' co u n try , the 
T re a s u ry a r g u e s that w om en a re ec o n o m ic ally d is a d v a n ta g e d as a group and that w o m en ’s b an k s are therefore eligible to join its program, which was set up under a 197o execu­ tive O rder to assist m inority b u sin ­ esses i i i general 
The biggest ad v an tag e of being a minority bank, in Miss Salvage’s view. however, has nothing to do with the 
T r e a s u r y ’s m in o r ity -b a n k in g pro gram. 
It is, she says, that “ people feel an obligation to help you.” She assum es most of lier customers art' custom ers are women who “ mainly come to us to support tin' cause ” 
The Treasury principally helps m in­ ority banks under its minority banking p ro g ra m by e n c o u ra g in g F e d e ra l agencies to deposit funds with them 
Franklin on hoard 

The election of Larry 
I) Franklin to tin' board of directors of Main Bank and Trust has been a n ­ nounced by Robert M 
Luby. board chairm an 
F ran k lin . 34 is vice president, finance, and s e c r e ta ry /!c e n s u r e r ol 
Harte-Hanks Newspapers, 
Inc 
Franklin, a native of 
C o m m e rc e . T ex. is a graduate of East Texas 
State University with a bachelors degree i ii a c ­ counting and Texas Tech with a m asters degree i i i business administration 

DALLAS RUPE III 
Bothe named bank chief 

Richard A. Bothe has been named president of the American Bank, an­ nounced Sam Rosenstein, board chair­ man. 

A graduate of St M ary’s University. 
Bothe holds a degree ill economies. and serves as vice president of the San 

Antonio Clearing House. 
Members of the board of directors are: Sum Rosenstein. chairm an Wil­ liam A lterm an; D R 
Ashley; Lloyd 
Booth; Vincent C a ld a ria , Allan May; 
Seymour Halons, Maurice Rosenstein; 
Max Shapiro; Walter C. Wolff .lr ; and 
Miles Wyatt. 

TEXAS BROKER 

Small, reputable 
Colorado firm developing limited number of 1o ac. wooded parcels with decreed water & excellent terms needs Texas Bicker to represent for occasional marketing programs, i e., shows, fairs, etc. 
G ood Commissions. 
Call collect Denver 
3 o 3 /7 5 9 2323 
Quartz Creek 
Properties Suite 
366, 72 o S. 
Colorado Blvd., 
Denver, Co. 8o222. 

Excellent Investment 
Opportunity in ^ 
Apartments 

D epartm ent of H ulking rind I rbuu D evelopm ent invite* bid* on the following proper!it'* 

, 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ss 
Lakecretit Apartments, Norman, ( Oklahoma 

NI 1111 ii i ii ii i P ric e 
R e q u ir e d 
A n n u a l* 
M a x i m u m M o r t g a g e ( I ) D e p o sit 
A m o u n t 

> WHMXX) 
S.DMMMI 
> . HRJ 
$.>2 2 , o o o 
(See Note) 

A r»ne-M<»rv building and fix two-story walk up building total of )o2 units, phi' a on* "tors community building I* 
Y E 12th Avenue. 

Note: 

C u rre n t * * 
Apl. Rent 

.* 2 o o .1 GO 

 containing a rated al 1357 

A* set forth in til*- Prospectus, the m axim um mortgage increases in relation to the amount bid above the minim um price. 

Ma-Son Manor Apartments, 
Austin, 

MINIMUM BRICE: 
TERMS: 
REQUIRE!) D EPO SIT: 

Seventeen two -.tors walk up one story accessors buildings 

Texas 
$ 196,6oo 
A ll C a sh Net t » m I) 
$23,ooo With Rid 
Hulunee At < lasing 

 buildings containing I Mi units, plus tw o located al 1137 Gunter Street, 

Required Kepi*. cairn! Reserve Per Annum 

OBTAIN PRONPEt.T I* FOH A DDI­ 
TIONAL 
INFORMATION. 
All bid* must conform lo prospectus issued by th* 
Department. Mail coupon for prosper tu* 

A n o n ION A! . M U L T I F A M I L Y 
PRO PERTIUS ARL O FFERED. A mailing list is maintained f**r in%e*tors basin# a nationwide interest sin. fly in 
Multifamily Properties. A» soon a* a property heil.m rs asailahle, die Prospe* lits is automatically mailed lo you To hast- your nato.' placed on itll* mailing list, write <«ii you* letterhead lo the ad dress shots!, helms 

** Current Cross Annual Apartment Kent bl.M FD Hills WILL HL RECEIVED 
AND PUBLICLY OPLNLD AT 11 >oo 
A M. 
UH AL TIME 
MARCH SO, 
1**77 AT ADDRESS SHOWN HI LOW 

('* The Ne* ret ary will accept mortgage securing noir in the maximum mortgage amount given by purchaser to be amor­ tized try lilt- level annuity method in WO mon lilly payments at H'** interest plus a servo e i barge of 1 ii of 
• 

■ HUD 

DEPARTME NT Of 
HOI WING AND 
I WHAN DEY LI.OPMLN1 

Ofb.t of Properly I ti sp*. 
Housing 
Room •m : 
I i i 7 i h S t e e l , b W . 
Washington. DC HODO 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ a 
Mail t h i s c o u p o n t i x i d Y t o t d x a i n | > i o s | m U u x 

Send me im m ediately w ithout obligation a 
Provpe* lux fen 

O l t o n 

I Name o f Proper ly I 

Name _ 
.. 

Address „ , , 

I lf 
H 

■ 
■ 
■ 
■ r ntSt! 
.CS..S. uas..<lNG » 
"J 

EQUAL HOUSING 
OPPORTUNITY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S —Sunday February 27 1977 
AT & T study: Bell wasn’t all that candid 

W A SH IN G TO N 
— 
An independent 
3V2-year study of American Telephone & 
Telegraph Co., says the huge telecommun­ ications firm is becoming a greater risk for investors than perhaps it ever has been. 
Tho study, which a has boon published in tho form of a 45o-page book soiling for $75o, oasts doubt on 
Boll System accounting, tho quality of its internal information and says that tho company has boon giving an unjustifiably rosy picture of its technolo­ gical expertise over tho past quarter century. 
In fact, using largely 

M e 'r e not out a it h a h a tch e t f o r a a vboilx . . .' 

 internal Boll System do euments which have boon placed in public files — principally in connection with a Federal Commun­ ications Commission in­ vestigation of the finan­ cial structure of AT&T — the report im plies that the com pany has no' been completely cand with its investors. 
It points, out, for exam­ ple, that while AT&T an­ nual reports — the com­ pany's most widely road publications for investors 
— were reporting the de­ velopm ent of A T & T ’s electronic switching sys­ tem as one long string of trium psh, internal papers were decrying the continuing problem s with the new switching system and the millions of dollars these problems were costing. 
Further, although the discovery of the transis­ tor is properly credited to two scientists at Bidi 
Telephone Laboratories, internal 
A T & T docu­ ments complain that the 
Bell System fell far be­ hind several major man­ ufacturers in the deve­ lopment of transistorized circu its and further technological advances in solid-state circuitry. 
Future 

The report, en titled . 
The Future of AT&T, is the product of V ictor 
Schnee, a law yer and financial analyst and 
Walter J. Gorkiewicz. an engineer, who is now also a financial analyst 
The two say they spent 
3l a man-years p rep ar­ ing the document which draws on thousands of pages of A T & T m ater­ ials. They say the Book was not sponsored bv ali­ ene with anyone with an interest in AT & T — neither the company nor 

By 
STEPHEN M. AEG 

W A S H IN G T O N STAP 

 its portents. 
In an interview recent­ ly, Schnee said the $7511 price for the soft-cover book isn’t unreasonable. 

“ I think you’ll find that a lot of consulting work that is sold at about $5(1(1 to $7oo a copy has got far less meaty information in it than this ” 
Schnee concedes the book — several hundred copies have been printed 
— is unlikely to be a best seller. 
But he says copies al­ ready have been sold to the FCC, some industrial firm s with interests in teleeommunicat ions se­ veral independent telephone com panies, some telephone systems 

 outside the United States, institutional investors, and one copy to AT&T. 
Schnee point out that the prevailing opinion of 
AT&T and its Bell Sys­ tem subsidiaries within the investment commun­ ity is of a firm providing an absolutely safe in­ vestm ent. 

“ W e're not out with a hatchet for anybody . . . we’re only interested in reporting the facts and setting them straight,” 
Schnee says. 
A spokesman at AT&T 

STERLING SM ITH , left, and Steven Lee unveil Stanley 
Sm ith Security sign at Conroy Square 
Security agency goes to new headquarters 

Conroy 
Square has been selected as the new national corporate head­ q uarters for 
Stanley 
Smith Security Inc. 
Founded in San Anton­ io in 1928, Smith is one of 
America’s top IO security com panies providing guard, patrol, burglar and fire alarms, armored car and in vestig ative services. 
It employs over 1.8oo 

 people in 23 North Amer­ ican branches to residen­ tial, commercial, institu­ tional and governmental agencies. 
Also iii San Antonio is its Olmos Drive branch office providing local service. 
Conroy Square. Loop 
41o and HUO, is over 95 per cent leased, accord­ ing to Steven Q. Lee. vice president of Quincy Lee 

Co. 
The garden office building includes en­ closed tennis courts and separate health club fa­ cilities for men and wo­ men, including sauna and whirlpool. 
Location and office de­ sign played a major role in the selection of Conroy 
Square, said Sterling 
Smith, president of Stan­ ley Smith Security Inc. 

 said the company had no comment about the book, although he added that so far as he knew it con­ tained nothing but what was already on public file. 
Schnee and Gorkiewicz conclude that a good part of the risk facing AT&T investors is the poor quality in information — riot only what the com­ pany publishes, but even its internal information. 
If known 

For example, if an in­ vestor had known of the major problems facing 
A T & T’s first electronic sw itching system 
— problems that took about lh years to overcome — as well as the rising rate of customer trouble re­ ports beginning in 19B3, and the slow rate of in­ stallation of equipment designed to cut conges­ tion in large metropoli­ tan areas, an investor might have had a differ­ ent perception of the long-term risks in own­ ing AT&T securities. 

They also point out — as did an FCC adminis­ trative law judge several months ago — that there are serious questions about some of A T & T ’s accounting policies, in­ cluding depreciation practices which leave substantial costs to be recovered iii com ing years. 
Conclusion 
T h eir m ajor conclu­ sion, Schnee and Gor* kievvicz say. is that “ fun­ damental risks for AT&T are rising. 
There is abundant evidence that the risks of the late 197os and early 198os are likely to be far higher than those laced in the late 
19Hos . . . the financial vulnerability of the com­ pany in facing these risks, will, we believe, be considerably greater in the late 197os and early 
198os than it was in the late 198os.” 
Compounding these risks, the two say, is the 
“ overriding problem of poor quality of informa­ tion, and this. they say. could result in a decline in confidence in the com­ pany’s financial reports. 

SA guide to appear 

SUZY DREW -MARTIN 

The San Antonio Guide, a twicely yearly guide to apartments, will appear this week. 
. ‘ 
The free publication will detail the city, places to visit, em ergency numbers and a listing of over 7o apartment com­ plexes, according to Suzi 
Drew-Martin, editor/ publisher. 
The first edition will be distributed at various re­ tail outlets. Chambers of 
Commerces and mailed 

 to prospective residents by the SA Guide staff. 
Ms. Drew-Martin is a graduate of 
Alam o 
Heights; and attended 
Trinity and the Universi­ ty of Houston. 
Drew 
En terp rise s, which publishes the guide, is a member of the 
National Association of 
Apartment Guide Pu b ­ lishers, the San Antonio 
Apartment Association. 
National and 
Texas 
Apartment Associations. 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OF 

 and trust in banian main 

 is pleased to announce the election of 

BYRO N E. MILLS, JR. 
PRESIDENT A N D CHIEF-EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Mr. Mills comes to Main Bank from the Cullen Center Bank and Trust in Houston. For the past five years, he has been the executive vice-presid­ ent and chief operating officer at Cullen Bank, responsible for all lending functions, operations and administration. He was elected a director of 
Cullen Bank in 1971. Earlier, he had been a senior loan officer at Moody 
National Bank in Galveston. 

Mr. Mills is active in the Air Force Reserves and presently is director of intelligence at Tenth Air Force (Reserve) at Bergstrom Air Force Base in 
Austin. 

Main Bank and Trust is a member of First International Bancshares, 
Inc., the $7.2 billion Texas based multi-bank holding company. 

 iHT 
IMin 
I f E M I 
■ l l 

I 

« • 

I 
I 

I Amel tow. 

I V hull 
Brid 
164. 
BUY NOW AT LAST YEAR’S PRICES WHILE THEY LAST! 

P O O '- 

 rs?S5 t e x , ' 

~ d 
Deferred, cli 

 h r ‘ 1*67 C omrnod- f •, 
I' 
, sieecs i, Afley, heed sun 

Tow* 2^ ■ 17aTt*y or 
* or 

 cc4t 
J* 

HUZZIE loading! holder*, ell *14o, ' ' 
DA7.*6»3 
MAGNIFICENT1-’ 
Mont! urn. 
C-JI 
A M « lt 
2 OLD. BUT O 
- chinese desk end cl 
Lane, H7-9oo9. 
I 
N I JAM ES f l f v i 
Row lh St, acrose h i loc*. UY-MT....... J 
I 
CL OC KL-Limited ac in men, American, U V U 
_ »»!» Oar tend Road. Md 

 m w w w w 

IG I 4ooo ITU, 115 volt-fio need for tipxpensivee 
[wiring, lightweight, portability ‘'Carry-Cool" 

 vugg list $159.95 ce 
PM SEASON SPECIAL 
I 33| 

Su m , IO hor seen »er motor, gee peddles, cushions Like new 

•GLASS Arkense*~Treveler— JS 
I? Mercury. Little Dude trelier. 
M-jfeiJ ewer ASO evenings. 
RO LASS, es 
Mercury electric, 
F o g tilt trailer, ski or tish. fUr- 
MSML 
____________ 
RUS, 12* Arkewsee Traveler, IO jr Johnson, trolling motor. Facto 
L i n s 29o-o29o 
(tOJAN Express- ll 
SS. 
E s 

____ 
OH . _ 

CHAIR CANING - Finn 
Ina. refinishing Old GI beTljvstov# for sale 291-11 
STERLING, Flat Towies ic# for eight, extra sr hee Cash FL7-3MS 
PAIR Beautiful Vie) 
Marble too coWte/ 
Cryptal outlets, brig 
NINE antloue oil p a* USO each. 231 27, 
ANTIQUE CME Si 
JU/-. S'IWO ca U 

*189 

[C f 6ooo BTU, 
115 volt-oporotos o« normal! 

I household currant, lightweight with strong cooling! 
■ power. 
1 
_________________ sugg list $249.95 

^GE 75oo BTU, big cooling powor on 115 volt, 

 sugg list $269.95 
* 1 9 9 < 

 rot 18ooo ITU, hooey duty cooling power operates, 
) on 23o volt, save over $1oo during this special 

 sugg list $449.95 
‘349, 

 a ir^ r ^ p "gp sp gp 

Whir Moo! 11ooo BTU-sligMiy dented tebmet-Meor temple tun original warranty, geed groined tine 
. _ _ _ 

 furniture leek front gene I (2 only) sugg list $449.95 3 5 7 
2 o o o W M T AVE 7 3 3 -9 1 3 1 

Whirl nnn! tpsod, th* 
22ooo ITU, 4 way etc centre!, extant, 2 

 thermostat sapor cee!, normal cee! eed nile 
Whirlpool 

 cee!, W ashakie fitte r, w eed granted fro n t panel (I 
. _ 
_ eely) sagg lis t $499.95 
* 3 9 7 
CEN TRAL P A R K M A U 3 4 1 - 3 3 9 1 

GI 4ooo BTU Po rte* “Carry Cool" 
115 trah, ane only sagg list 3119.43 
1 1 o 3 PAT B O O K BR RD 9 1 8 -1 3 1 1 

 frtodnch 27ooo BTU end, 23o volt, (ana only- 
- _ _ _ 

 reconditioned) listed at $499.95 
3 8 8 

DOR B W M ILIT A R Y OO 9 2 4 - 4 2 4 1 

I Corner 11ooo BTU. 23o vat! Ream atr conditioner 

 save daring this pre-sea ion special list price $399.95 
2 6 8 

B O S B W M ILIT A R V DR 9 3 4 - 4 1 o o 

Ii 

Whirlpool 22ooo BTU. 2IC ..it fen# only repo) net $359.95 
* 3 8 8 
D O I E W M ILIT A R Y DR 9 3 4 - 4 3 4 o 

W W W ' 

 fnmdoito 17ooo BTU, 23J vet! room gait ( rope) nos $379.o5 
o o 3 E W M ILIT A R Y D R 9 3 4 - 4 3 4 o 
* 3 8 8 

Whirlpool 5ooo BTU, 115 vett room air conditioner list $1o9.95 
9 o 3 E W M ILIT A R Y DR 9 3 4 - 4 3 4 8 
• 1 5 8 ' 

Westinghouse HOO BTU roam unit, 23o yell one only sagg list $339 95 
9 o 3 E W M IL IT A R Y P R 9 3 4 - 4 3 o 1 baghouse 
74ooo 
BTU 
23o volt, 

 sagg list $499 95 

9 o 3 E W M IL IT A R Y O R 9 3 4 - 4 3 4 4 

* 3 7 8 

IIT aob 

 list $159 95 

9 o 3 E W M IL IT A R Y O R 9 3 4 - 4 3 4 * 

* 3 9 8 

1 3 8 

GI 13ooo BTU, 22o Vett, 3 speed fan with power 
. wes $399 95 
* 3 1 9 

M A LL 733- syueAtafytawjBHb E JO MMM 
JS E S B K S s S L 
1 2 2 2 . 

GI 4ooo BTU 115 volt sapor special one only was $144 95 

W O N D ER LA N D M A U 7 3 3 - 7 1 9 3 

GI 19ooo BTU deluxe model, 22o veH, specie! signal alerts et congested filter was $5o9.95 

W O BM M RLA N P M A U 7 3 3 - 7 1 9 3 

Whirlpool 14ooo BTU, 115 volt, 3 speed fee, deluxe model wes $391 
W O N D ERLA N D M A U 7 3 3 - 7 1 9 3 

1 3 7 ( 

• 4 3 1 | 

* 3 1 7 

7 SPEED 

FAN 

ADJUSTABLE 
THERMOSTAT 

COME ORT 
GUARD 
CONTROL 

AIR CHARGER 
CONTROL iliKJusr, j 

ROOM AIR CONDITIONER 
5ooo BTU6.o EER 
Energy Saving Sewings otter you money-saving, multiple-option cooling. Sot tho ton for either con- tmuou* operation, cm positioned for automatic ration, turning on only when cooling it required. us reduces (on motor operating time and costs 
Thermostat offers ope tonal Energy Saving SeWmg, too, which can art total unit operating time. Also features 2 way cur Attraction cmd convenient unto- 
Mount installation 

 ope re 
This 

 with Energy-Saving Settings 

PRESEASON $ I C O 
SPECIAL 
I J 7 

7 STORE BUYING POWER 

26oo WEST AVE. 
7 3 3 -9 1 3 8 
BIGGEST TRADE-IN 
ALLOWANCES 

WONDERLAND 
732-7193 

S i n c e 
1 9 3 6 

Iii 
I 
638-5381 

HOPP S IS THE LARGEST ROOM 
AIR CONDITIONER DEALER IN BEXAR COUNTY 

1 ■ 1 1 ■ 
■ 
■ mmmrnm—mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrnHmm iii in ip mw mu in m m i i i i i i p n in iiin i 

Mouseketeers meant morality 

Th*> Mickey Mouse Club didn't just iiff/teal to M iddle A m erica during the I OoOs. ll leas Mi fid Ie A m erica tit the kids o f the oos. 

. To Continue in the News 

By JER R Y BOWLES 
More than eight million peo­ ple live in the Los Angeles ba­ sin, which covers all of Los 
Angeles and about half of 
Orange County. It is second only to New York in population, second to none in sprawl. 
The valley is the personification of the dream of middle-elasshood, alth­ ough it does have its small contradic­ tions. Walt Disney lived there and chose to move his studio to Burbank in the early fifties Universal Pictures is in the valley, as are most of Hit' other movie companies and television dream factories. 
Perhaps, this is not really a con­ tradiction at all. The dream of becom­ ing a film or telev ision star is a middle 
— or working-class ambition after all. 
And despite his affectation of polo. 
Walt Disney remained tin' dour son of a Missouri fanner with no patience for either intellectualism or status arran­ gement. Disney simply chose to live among the people who most revered his vision of the American dream In a sense, he was simply living over the store. The valley was his spiritual home. 
How inviting thi-> valley must have seemed to those thousands of settlers who came west in those giddy, heroic, brave new world days following World 
War II. Tract homes. No down. G I. 
B ill. 
They settled in places with exotic names: Van Nays. Studio City. Sher­ man Oaks. Burbank. The new pilgrims brought with them the security of a world finally at peace with tile cer­ tainty of prosperity to come. 
For these survivors ol the Great De­ pression and tin' Big War, life would bo different under the golden sun. Their 

February 27 1977 

♦ 
Page I H 
V 
............................ 
J 

 fish She, more than any ot the others, had some comprehension of what was going on around her Cubby and Karen were babies really. Karen more than 
Cubby. 

Doreen was a natural clown, radiant with her saucer-shaped eyes and bud ding sexiness Tommy was too nice to be believed Lonnie w as cocky and* professional, a sharp dresser, and a smart knl 
W hen Cilery I louted the group a year later, slit1 was something ol a mystery girl lier father had been a general iii the Army, a tact that put her into a slightly different ( lass 

For the most part. they were inst average kids "Don't got me those kind with the tightly curled hairdos — tap dancers — get me children who look like they're having fun Then later we can teach them to tap dance or sui:' or whatever,” Walt Disney reportedly told Walsh 

The club was a bittersweet blend of innocence and commercial hyperbole aud it had an enormous influence oil what the kids who watched it thought or. at least, believed they should tlmik 

Simpler 

Part ol the show s impact had to tin with its really not being a children s show at all but. rather, a show that featured children playing the roles ol little adults. All of the values the show taught — reliability, reverence, bravery, loyally, good behavior, the ickky-sticky grown-up concept til romantic love — are tilings that adults think kids should be taught 

Unlike Us newfangled successors — 
"Sesame Street” and the “ Electric 
Company" — the mouse club did not attempt to leach mechanical skills like reading, writing and spelling. 

The educational emphasis of the 
MMC was morality, as Wall Disney aud those who worked for him. per­ ceived it What the club wanted lo iii still was nothing less than a philosophy of life, a picture ol the ideal world 
And. at the time — incredibly only 2(1 years ago — that philosophy seemed reasonable and v table enough X on can be whatever you want to be ii only you have faith aud work hard toward (hid goal \ on can truly know what is right aud w hat is w mug 

 l o l l m illion children d a ily , the clu b prom ised a belter and b rig h ter world 

 iii the future. 

IV M1PM>A\'S 
M H N ; 
Annette, Lonnie an d tomm y 

(ti harp from for* «** Hold Vim# Sonnet 
Nujb si by UooblcKitty & Cd 

—mmmmmi .. 
' 
< 
1 
1 1 
■Forever hold y© banner high!9 

 kids would have the advantages they had missed. They had a shot at the silver screen. Certainly , they would never know hunger or fear. They would hav e dance lessons. 
Tile new fantasy was television which, although still in its infancy in 

 the early limits, was already beginning to reshape the entertainment business 
The state of television programming for children was rather poor in I MAT. although perhaps no worse than the 
Saturday morning fare of today There was a horse series called " F u r y ” which starred Bobby Diamond, now a lawyer in Los Angeles. There was 
"Pinky Lee " ("Yon Boo, its me. My name is Pinky Lee.") 
There were a bunch of "Honiper 

Booms" across the nation and they all seemed to presume that kids were idiots. There was "Captain Corbett" and "Sky King” with Kirby Grant 
And. of course, there was the venera­ ble "Howdy Boody" with Buffalo Bob, which had been in regular production since UHT. It was simplistic stuff, to be sure But then, the Blahs was a rather simple decade, at least on the surface 
The nation was firmly on the road to the Great Society. The working men. 

 the people of the valley, would finally have the life they deserved. It seems only natural, in retrospect, that when 
Walt Disney reluctantly agreed to produce the "Mickey Mouse Club" for 
ABC. he would look no farther than his own back yard for the talent The San 
Fernando Valley represented the triumph of the working class. It was a microcosm of blue collar America and out of this microcosm a few would be chosen to be stars 
In the early months of I!)’>;>, the word went out. Walt Disney is looking for kids lo appear on a new TX' series lie wants inst normal, average everyday kids The auditions are open Anybody can come. 
The concept of the show, which evolved from the creative team that planned it (mainly Bill Walsh. Bal 
AdelquisL Dick Barley, .litnmie Dodd, and Boy W illiam s), was relatively simple The heart of the series was the tremendous backlog of Disney car­ toons The group divided the show into four segments of fifteen minutes each 
Undoubtedly, this division had com­ mercial as well as artistic reasons since sponsor time was sold iii fifteen minute blocks The first segment was 
"Boll Call" followed by newsreels or 
Jiminy Cricket; segment two was the major Mouseketeer segment and its format varied from day to day. Seg­ ment three was the hve-action serials like "Spin & Marty.' and segment four featured a cartoon of the-day from Hie 
Disney library. Iii addition to their own segment, the Mousketeers introduced each quarter hour and served to bind the show together 

Frantic 

Things started to get frantic around the studio iii the early summer of 195Y 
With the targeted air date only a few months off. there were still many things to be resolved What, for exam­ ple. should the kids wear? Spaceman outfits'.’ Cowboy outfits? Boy Williams, an illustrator who later appeared on the show as the big Mouseketeer. had come up with an idea they liked 

W illiams remembered a gag from a 
I HJO cartoon w here Mickey Mouse tipped Ins hat to Minnie as lie passed but instead of a hat. it was the top of his head 
He designed a set ol 
"mouse" ears based on the gag 

There was an avalanche of kids 
Every stage mother within fifty miles of Burbank had responded to the open audition call 
The planning team looked at, and listened to. over three thousand kids before settling on the original 24 

T h e g a n g * * a l l h e r e 

Now scattered all over the country, the Mouseketeers were a varied bunch but they kept smiling, smiling and smiling for this group picture (left.) Darlene (below left) was older and somewhat aloof, while Annette (below right) gained unusual prominence among Mouseketeers. 

With the exception of Bobby B u r­ gess, who was from Long Beach, they were all valley kids Their fathers were laborers, meatcutters. filling- station operators, truck drivers and carpenters Their common bond was that they had all had dance or music lessons That s how they had been found. 

The word went out Disney looking tor kids who eau sing and dance and have nice personality. And the kids they found did have personalities 

Sunny 

Annette and Sharon Baird were sunny, easygoing, and cooperative 
Bobby Burgess smiled so much that the other kids suspected he was a phony. Darlene Gillespie, older than the other girls, was aloof and standof- 
Space’s gift to man: 
Microwave energy 

By ISAAC ASIMOV 
S 

Human beings have always had to travel to satisfy their needs. 
As hunters and gatherers, they scoured the tribal area for food. 
When they settled down to farm, they sent some members afar to trade what they had iii excess for what they lacked. 
The Uhoenieians. in HUO 
B C., traveled the length of the Mediterranean, out into the At holt ie and to the British Isles iii Iheir search for the tin needed to make bronze 
But now the Earth s physical frontiers have vanished.'almost all its surface has been ripped and plundered of its re­ sources — and we need more. 
XX hat we need most direly is energy. XX itll energy all our other needs would Im* reduced, for it would enable us to recycle almost everyth­ ing. remove pollution, reuse the used sub­ stance's. 
But our easy-energy days are over here on 
Earth. The Industrial 
Revolution began in 
England and spread elsewhere I hanks to the energy of easily mined coal. The great advances of the 2oth century were achieved thanks to en­ ergy’ of the still cheaper and more convenient oil 
Now the oil is running out and. by the year 2ooo, ti 

ASIMOV 

With the passing of the era of easy energy, 

 our scientists are now perfecting a way lo beam limitless amounts ai solar energy irom power satellites circling the Earth. The rub. says science author Dr. Isaac Asimov, is in the billions of dollars it will cost, t an we afford It? 

In this first of a four-part series, he 

 explains why we can’t afford NOT lo look beyond Earth's ecology — not if civilization is to survive. And he shows how an inter­ planetary approach to the energy crisis could yield the most welcome of all results, un end to war. 

XVhat de we de then? 
We can switch back to coal or move on to shale, possibly with drastic cf- lefts on the environment. 
We can use windpower and waterpower and ti­ dal power and the energy ot Earth's inner heat, but those won t he enough. 
We eun use nuclear fission, hut it is danger­ ous, We eau switch to nuclear fusion, but that has not yet been worked out and we don't know when it will be, We can switch to the direct list* of solar energy; but solar energy is spread out thinly, is interfered with by mist, smoke, fog and clouds, and is stopped entirely ut night. 
A mixture of all these things may work and keep us going; perhaps, on the other hand. we will have to do as the Phoeni­ cians did and travel far 

 to get what we need, since the Earth has al­ ready been ransacked, that means traveling out into space. 
Why not? We have reached the moon six times and returned w it li­ eut a man lost. Three men al a time have been in Hie space station. Sky­ lab; they have remained as long as three months and then returned in reasonably good condi­ tion. 
Expensive 
To do all this has seemed expensive to most people and perhaps 
"not worth it " but, so far, there has only been an initial flexing of mus­ cles, 
Now the space shuttle will be put into use. a reusable spaceship that will cut costs tre­ mendously. What we need is a task fur the shuttle to perform 

Suppose we choose a task that, however ex­ pensive, will bring incal­ culable benefits to hu­ man beings generally •— to every one of us In ­ stead of coating thou­ sands of square miles of desert surface on Earth with solar batteries de­ signed to convert the en­ ergy of sunlight into electricity, suppose we use the shuttle to build and maintain structures in space on which those same solar butteries can be placed 
Such structures would be placed about 22.IHM! miles abu* c 
Fa rib a equator. At that height, they would revolve about the Earth in 24 hours, just the time ll takes 
Earth to rotate on Us ax­ is. so that each would re­ main over some particu­ lar equatorial spot on 
Earth 
These solar power sta­ 

 tions would have to pre­ sent large surfaces to the 
Sun. but not so large as the areas we would have lo coal on tilt* Earth s surface. In space, the 
Sun s radiation is more energetic than it is on the surface of the Earth, for none of it is weakened or stopped by un atmos­ phere 
There is never any in­ terference ut ait by clouds or by other at­ mospheric phenomena, and each power station will Im* in Earth's shadow for only two hours out ol the day. With as leu as two power stations on opposite sides of the 
Earth, we may he sure that one will always Im* in sunshine. 
The energy absorbed by the solar power stations can In* converted into the shortwave radio waves called microwaves which, in turn, are beamed down to Earth 
The microwaves will Im* more concentrated than ordinary sunlight, so that receiving them on Earth and converting them to electricity is a more effi­ cient procedure than re­ ceiving and converting sunlight. 
Furthermore. m i­ crowaves can penetrate clouds, mist, fog and smoke w it flout trouble; thus, the tie;.rn from any I particular station need) stop only for the two hours a day that the sia-i 
(ion is passing through I 
•See EN ERG Y, Page Til 

Ethan Allen Winter Sale 

Sale prices on the Winter 
Salt* selection w ill he extended 
Nationally through March 5th. 

Because of the hardships of shopping in the north, east and mid-west during this country’s most in­ clement weather, and because Ethan Allen is national in scope, an extra few days are being allotted to the 
Winter Sale. The ending date is Saturday, March 5th, rather than Monday as previously announced. 

Browsing 1-5 p m Sundays 
(jEoR/JET(W/J MA/JoF\ 

2 b 19 N W I O O P 4 IO a i V c ,.** 
Open Mon Pfi IO a rn 9 p m 
Phone 341 81ob 

Sot 1o O m 6 p m 

 big cam paign plum 

By JAM ES MCCRORY 
U. S. Sen. John Tower, up for the third defense of the senator­ ial title he won back in 1961, is positioning him self well for his 
1978 run. 

The positioning is p articu larly a t­ tractive to Texas and San Antonio. 
The senior senator from Texas, first 
Republican elected to the Senate since 
1877, is now ranking minority m em ber of the Senate A rm ed Services Com- puttee. 

The committee is considered one of the four major committees in the Sen­ ate. and Tower has served on it since 
19H5. 

Iii years aiel years of Bexar County politicking, datin g back to the late 
195os and early 19Bos, candidates for the Senate and the C S. House used possible appointm ents to Armed Ser­ vices as a prime campaign carrot. 

Potpourri 

P eople a m i Politics 

The late C ongressm an and Ju d g e 
Paul Kilday, who resigned as Bexar 
County's U.S. Representative in 19o1 to take a bench on the U.S. Court of Mi­ litary Appeals, was v irtually sa cro ­ sanct politically as a m em ber of the committee. 
He knows 

Tow er, known in som e circ les as 
“ The Little H aw k," recognizes inst what the ranking com m ittee assig n ­ ment tran slates into in the political realities of things. 
At a tim e the new ( arter adm inis­ 

 tration is advocating heavy budget cuts from P resident F o rd ’s proposed de­ fense budget, Tower cites the im por­ tance of the military to Texas. 
Last year. Tower notes, $2.5 billion was spent by the Defense Department 

 iii T ex a s on m ilita ry and c iv ilia n payrolls. 
Compensation to 93,ooo m ilitary re­ tirees and part-tim e earnings of N a­ tional Guardsm en and Reserve Units brought the total federal expenditure for defense m a n p o w e r in T ex a s to more than $3.2 billion. 
Added to that, of course, Texas bu­ 

 sinesses held contracts with the De­ partment of Defense for m ore than $2.1 billion, making the defense outlays in 
Texas more than $5.3 billion. 
It s a bunch 
T h at fig u re , T o w er p o in ts out, represents 4o per cent of all federal taxes collected in Texas. 
San Antonio, with its huge defense facilities and payrolls, is a recipient of a large am ount of the defense dollars. 
In accepting the minority leadership role on Armed Services, Tower had to s u r re n d e r a n o th e r choice m in o rity lead er role on the S en ate B an k in g 
Committee. 
Senate rules don't allow a senator to 
( hold more than one ranking committee 
' position. 
In his new’ Armed Services position, 
Tower, one of the most articulate Re­ publicans in public office, will m anage legislation and budget reco m m en d a­ tions reported by the com mittee to the 
Senate floor. 
He’s covered 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1 9 7 7 
T he fLittle H awk’s’ 

Put courts where? 
Around 
Town 

U.S. Sen. John Tow er m u st’ve felt a little bit like G e ne ral John w hen he posed for this picture betw een tw o bon afide U.S. A ir Force brasshats to dem onstrate his feeling for the m ilitary. His friends are M aj. Gen. Jam es W ilson, left, and M aj. Jam es Nelson. — Staff 
Photo 
Warning: Candidates at large 

Boiler 
Room 
( a iii I ut ii: 11 in isce llo lieu 

ATTORN LY EARL HILL wants it known lie is NOT on the payroll iii tin' 
F a s t Side re-election c a m p a ig n for 
Mayor LILA CIK KRELL . . . 
HILL is w o r k i n g iii t h e c a m p a i g n , b u t a s a volunteer. . . 

THE public must be advised to keep front doors closed and bolted, lights dimmed, and guard dogs on duty . . . 
Candidates for the City Connell have been loosed on tin' land, threatening to take their candidacies from door-to- door . . . there’s no s u rfe it... 

CAMPAIGNS are the best tiling that ever hapiwiied to real (‘staters and ren­ tal serviet*s ., candidates arc gobbling up space for campaign headquarters at a W vat iv pace. anti at least one c a n ­ d id ate will have half a dozen h e a d ­ quarters scattered across town before the April 2 city election . .. 

THE San Antonio Press Club scratch­ ing its scheduled "M eet the M ayoral 
Candidates" session because so m any other groups already have set ap p ear­ a n c e of the mayoral candidates . . . the club urges m em bers to attend the a p ­ p ea ra n c e of the c a n d id a te s b efo re 
Sigma Delta Cill. the journalism frat, ut 
5:3o p. i i i. March 4 al El Tropically . . 

AND JOHN KIMBROUGH, w h o re s i g n e d as local Republican Party tre a ­ s u r e r to make the race tor City Council from D istrict lo, s e ttin g a p re s s conference for 9 a. iii. Monduv in the 
Alamo Suv l u g s Tower on III 41o North­ east . . . KIMBROUGH was nice en­ ough to tm ite a m ajor opponent. JOHN 
STEEN, to the conference, and STEEN has accepted . .. what gives? .. . 
COUNCIL m eetin g f re q u e n te r 
HELEN DI TMER, now a candidate for the council after undergoing un at­ tack of disillusionm ent w itll C ouncil­ m an BOB BILLA, p la nning a c a m ­ paign headquarters opening from IL3o a in. to 2 p. in. Monday . . . the head­ quarters is located at the corner of 
Goliad Road aud Palfrey Street . . . 
State Rep. AL BROWN is serving on 
M rs. D E T M E R S s te a l in g c o m ­ mittee, and his San Antonio aide and r e s e a r c h e r . N A N C Y M IL L ER , is le n d in g a hand or two to M rs. 
DI 'TM E l f ’S cam paign . . . 

AND Mrs 
TINKER 
MI RIHM ll. c a m p a ig n m anager for 
M rs. 
D ETM ER , sending out le tte rs of e n ­ d o r s e m e n t to D e m o c ra tic p r e c in c t com m itteem en in District 3 . . . the let­ te r* list M rs. M U R D O C H ’S h o m e nu m b er and office n u m b er, the latter 
22o-2914... that num ber just happens to b t County Coni. A. J. PLOCH S num ber 

 at the C ourthouse, and M rs. M U R ­ 
DOCH is the senior c o m m issio n e r's secretary. . . 

E R N I E STROMBERGER, a former highly respected newsman and former 
Pit man for the Texas Bar Assn., sign­ ing on with State Insurance C om m is­ sion Chairman JOE CHRISTIE u s a research assistant . . . J O E ’S a p p a r­ ently gearing up fur a U. S. Senate race against senior Sen. JOHN TOWER . . . in bis latest speech in Sail Antonio this past week. CHRISTIE spent about two minutes talking about the in su ran ce commission, and about 3d on Washing­ ton . . . JOE’S run up a good record as insurance com m issioner. .. bis was tile only state agency submitting a budget sm a lle r th an the p rev io u s b u d g et, something voters will Im* hearing about in the months ahead . . . 

MAYORAL Candidate JOHN MON­ 
ER EY planning ut this point in time lo maintain his independence from the lo district races for the council 
. . how ­ ever. lie reports, if he is “ unlucky en­ ough'’ to be forced into a runoff before winning the m ayor’s post, he may get involved in district runoff races to help select council m em bers he thinks will be best for the c i t y . . . and MONTREY stresses he does absolutely no busi­ ness with the city in connection with his beer distributorship . . . 

M O N E R E Y will be s tro llin g through Brackenridge Park today in tile furtherance of his campaign . . . he and his family will visit with park visitors, us they did lust Sunday ut 
San Pedro and Woodlawn parks , , . 
Saturday. MONEREY. president of the San Antonio Sports Assn,, tossed out tile first ball at the first annual 
JOE LERMA memorial softball tour­ nament . . . the tournament is spon­ sored by Amigos de MONI* REY , , , 

AND now that the Sun Antonio 
Independent School District election is over. look for Mrs NORMA REED, PR gal for the district, to surface in MON- 
F R E Y ’S corner . . . she alread y has been giving him an assist, although 
Houston’s BOB HELLER has been given most of the PH credit for MON- 
FREY’S publicity .. 

LABOR Boss HENRY “ THE FOX" 
MI NOSE waxing downright literary in a brief memo ’‘From tin* Desk of 
The Fox," MI NDZ accuses Council­ man HENRY CISNEROS of being “ a master of the Aesopian language aud fabled ” . . . he was ired ut a memo 
C IS N E RO S sent City M gr. TOM 
III EBNER relating to salary hikes fur city employes 
, . MUNOZ should leave Aesop, along with Shakespeare, to Congressman BOB KRUEGER . . , 

THE winner of that hard-fought run­ off contest between .Sail Antonio s VIR­ 

GINIA STACEY and A bilene’s DON 
SIMMONS w on’t be known b efo re 
March a . . . they are running for pre­ sident-elect of the huge Texas State 
Teachers Assn . . . teachers across the state voted Eel). 7-8, but ballots from the individual TST A association m em bers don’t have to be in until M arch 5 , , . that s slower than the returns cam e in from Box 13 in Jim Wells County back in the famous 1948 U.S. Senate race .. 

TEXANS interested can get inform a­ tion on any bill or resolution under con­ sideration by tile legislature by calling toll-free I-8oo-252 9B93 . . . the lines are m anned, or u n m an n ed , by seven r e ­ search specialists, and are open from 8 a i i i. to B p.m. Monday through F ri­ day . . . 

II otcli the newsmakers 

A NEW ENDEAVOR. .. Since it looks like one of the four new district courts will have to be located away from the 
Courthouse, the wags are say in g the county might have to start up a bus line to haul the judge and ju ry back and forth from the Courthouse to the new courtroom . .. however, Commissioners 
Court still isn t laughing . . . com­ missioners still don't have any firm ideas about where to put that fourth court . . . and th a t’s after several years of fighting for the courts . . . you’d think som ebody m ig h t have thought ahead . . . 
ON THE SAME SUBJECT . . . Some m em bers of the district atto rn ey ’s of­ fice are saying the hard-to-place fourth court will probably end up in K arnes 
City . . . th a t’s where th eir boss Dist 
Atty TED BUTLER has a ranch w here he’s been know n to spend a lot of tim e .. 

ONE word not mentioned at all in the tossing around of nam es for the four new district court benches for San An­ tonio . . . the word? Qualification. 
This is not to say lawyers mentioned aren’t qualified for a district bench, although som e attorneys privately 

 raise that question . . . 

WELCOME BACK OLIVARRI . . . 
Chief Jail Adm inistrator RAY OLI­ 
VARRI returned from a restful vaca­ tion this week in Guadalajara only to find an in v e s tig a tio n had been launched concerning the death of a prisoner . . . at least OLIVARRI cam e in second place while playing in a golf tournament in Guadalajara .. . 

ANOTHER seven or eight p ark in g spaces added in the hallowed grounds within the wails of the Alamo . . . that brings to more than a dozen and a half auto parking spots inside the Shrine of 
Texas liberty. . . one day it may w iud up as a gigantic parking lo t. . . there goes the neighborhood. . . 

MAKING A POINT . . . County Audi­ tor OLIVER LEWIS has been having a few insect problems in Ins office . . . so recently when som e county officials wanted copies of the county’s budget they found some wood ants crawling in the pages . . . so now County J u d g e 
BLAIR REEVES has ordered the ex­ terminators to treat the office___ 
At The 
Capitol 

I.aul ii e«*A iii Instill 

Despite the misnomer, THE AUSTIN 
BREAKFAST CLUB is in full s u in g 

 clu b is a c tu a lly an all-B E X A R 
COUNTY affair with the m em bers of the local delegation in the House and I 
Senate as special guests ... it meets* each Tuesday morning at the Austin’ downtown Ram ada Inn as a forum at t which individuals and organizations- can voice their opinions on various* legislation directly to their elected i representatives ... FAUL HERDER* at 337-6653, is the man to call if you’d* like to appear ... but be warned, they meet at 7:3o a.m. which is a problem for even some of the representatives like RON BIRD ... EARLY BIRD he’s not ... which incidentally leads to an­ other BIRD story from last Tuesday’s breakfast ... someone was asking for support for a particular bill saying their organization was there to BIRD 
IHKi it on its way through the legis­ lature ... the speaker turned to BIRD and said “ I hope we can count on your help” ... “ you can if you clean up y o u r ac t on the p u n s ,’’ B IR D la u g h e d ... 

Rep. AL BROWN was m issing from 
Ins scut on the House floor until T hurs­ day of last week but he w asn’t playing hookey... BROWN was in Washington, 
D C. attending the session of the A m er­ ican Legion National Legislative Com­ mission .. BROWN, w ho is a past state com m ander of the Legion, has been a mem ber of the commission for the past 
IS years and is now serving as its vice ch a irm an . . . 
Like a Christmas catalog 

 s n CIM to tm t i n o i n i w s 
W ASH ING TO N 
- 
J im m y 
Carter, who m ay be* the first 
President rn history to com pile his ca m p a ig n p rom ises after election day, has released a 
111-page collection of his public com m itm ents. 

Hut Hie document, which the White 
House had been reluctant to release, contained a disclaimer which suggest­ ed that the promises should Im* viewed historically rather than taken literally. 
The pledges covered alm ost every area of domestic and foreign concern. 
Some, such us the pardon for Vietnam d raft vio lato rs, have alre a d y been kept, iii whole or in part. 
And at least one — the vow to cut the defen se budget by $5 billion to $7 billion — seems certain to be broken. 
But probably more significant than any of the specific pledges in the book, unofficially dubbed “ P ro m ises, P ro ­ mises.” were the reasons underlying their compilation and the belated de­ cision to release them. 
In the early stages of Ins presidential candidacy, Curter sought to avoid the sort of specific prom ises which had contributed to widespread public dis^ illusionment with the political process 
Gigged him 
Indeed, C a rte r ut first was often criticized by his rivals for the Demo­ cratic nomination for being vague and fuzzy on the issues. 
But as the campaign progressed, the candidate found himself making more and more specific com m itm ents to win the support of various interest groups, and by November in* was drawing in­ creasing criticism for “ over-prom is­ ing ” 
After bls v let or >, ev ideiitly as part of an effort to establish ins credibility, the I‘resident directed his staff to col* 

‘N o w w h at did I p ro m ise ?' Carter had better rem em ber 

 lect the co m m itm en ts he had m ade publicly in his long drive for the White 
I louse, 
The work was done by the campaign issued staff, using speeches, press re­ leases, letters, newspaper stories and other material. 
It was completed Nov. 3U and sub­ mitted to the President along with a memo from Stuart Eizenstat, head of the issues stuff aud now head of the 
White House Domestic Council. 
There’re more 
Eizenstat cautioned the then-Presi- dent-elect that the list was “ certainly not exh au stiv e," but added: “ T here are not likely to in* very many addi­ tional p r o m is e s " iii th e C u rte r 

 speeches and statem ents he had not yet been able to examine. 
“ The stren g th of the various pro ­ m ises n atu ra lly v a r ie s ," E izen stat wrote. Some w ere prom ises just to 
“ consider” action, others to “ support” action, while still others were definite pledges to take action. 
But Eizenstat added: “ In many in­ stances. the full context of your speech or statement must bi* reviewed to de­ te rm in e the exact s tre n g th of your promise.” 
When word of the existence of “ P ro­ m ises, P ro m is e s " leaked out before 
Inauguration Day, reporters asked for copies 
C arter's staff at first refused, p er­ haps because some of the pledges are 

 either so broad or so specific that it would ap p ear to be difficult for the 
P re s id e n t to keep faith w ith all of them. 
Whew 
Among many other things, the P re ­ sident is on record, according to his staff, as promising to disapprove “ any actions which would im pair the auton­ omy of the arts,” to make possible “ a more efficient use of containerization” to revitalize the railroads, to give Is­ rael "whatever military and economic aid . . . is necessary." to support “ the repair of existing 9-foot-deep lock and 
Dam 2B on the Mississippi River, but o p p o sin g re p la c e m e n t w ith a new larger 12-fwd lock." 
And so on and so forth. 
On page B4 the book lists the Presi­ dent’s pledge to pardon Vietnam draft dodgers which he fulfilled, as he said he would, in his first week in office. 
On page 1o8, Hie book lists am ong the prom ises “ reducing present d e ­ fense expenditures by about $5 billion I to $7 billion annually.” 
The statement was made last June, during fiscal 197B when the total d e­ fense obligational authority was $97.5 billion. The com parable figure for the current fiscal years is $11o.2 billion. 
Recently the President said he ex­ a c t e d his proposals for the next fiscal y ear to be " s u b s ta n t ia l ly " h ig h er, though below President Ford’s request for $123.1 billion. 
Lust week. after interm ittent prod­ ding by reporters, White House Press 
Secretary Judy Powell disclosed that the promise ImmiW would Im* released. 
He said the White House felt earlier that since all of the promises were on the public record, there was no reason to release the list. 
“ But it did not seem worth getting into a tiff over,” Powell said “ Ma>be lf >ou have it, there will be much less interest in it." 

M u n icip a l e ffic ie n c y 

Anybody seen an electrical plug around here anywhere? 
Seems che City Hall wizards of planning who masterminded the flagstone paving of Alam o Plaza forgot something. Lights. 
The W ise Ones decided to light up the plaza at night to keep the weirdos away but first they have to rip up chunks of that carefully laid flagstone to find outlets. City workers Pete 
Gonzales, left, and Richard Santana were conducting the search. — Staff Photo by Charles Barksdale 

But the senator is keeping his bund in the Senate Banking Committee deck, although he won’t be at the minority helm. 
He rem ains a m em ber of the Bank­ ing C o m m itte e , and is ra n k in g mem ber of the com m ittee's Financial 
In stitu tio n s S u b c o m m itte e d ealin g with legislation affecting banks, sav­ ings and loan associations and credit unions. 
For all those Democrats lining up to take the senator on in 1978. Tower may be sitting but he isn t a sitting duck. 
An indefatigable fund raiser, it will be rem em bered that Tower raised and spent $2.3 million in his 1972 bid for re-election, the highest expenditure at the time in any U. S. Senate campaign. 
At the start of the year, Tower was sitting on a $75,7o7 nest egg in his 
Tower Senate Club fund. 
That nest egg should hatch out to a full-sized financial chicken by the time the senator gets rolling on his re-elec­ tion campaign later this year. 

■I 
S — 
X 
11"" 1 
1 
11 1 - 1 t i mmmmwm 
I P " " * 
■ 1 11 W 
> w w w 
—mm* mm* 
Manson girl still having nightm ares 

LOS ANGELES TIMES 
LOS ANGELES — Form er 
Charles Manson follower Leslie 
Van (tauten says she still has nightmares about the gruesome murders of Leno and Rosemary 
LaBianca, for which she was once condemned to death and for which she will be retried next month. 

Iii a wide ranging interview at Sybil 
Brand Institute, Miss Yan Boutell said: 
“ I know that I did som eth in g horrible . . . I don’t expect people to forgive me but I hope eventually they will give me a chance.” 
She freely admitted her past domin­ ation by Manson but said, “That's over and has been completely over for about three years. 
“ I'm embarrassed to say it now. but back then I really believed in Charlie’s 
‘Belter Skelter’ plan to start a race war. Now. the hardest thing is to rea­ lize the killings were so senseless.” 
Perspective 
She believes she is now completely capable of putting Manson into proper perspective, saying: 
“ I really don't think he has much power. Bis power was in us women and without that he isn t much of anything 
. . . Since he has been in prison, I don’t know of anyone p roclaim ing him anything other than a man who is do­ ing time.” 
During the hour and 15 minute in­ terview. she talked about falling under the influence of Manson, her heavy use of LSI). Lynne (Squeaky) Bromine s attempt to assassinate President Ford, her close family ties and what she hopes will be a future as a writer. 
By agreem ent with her attorney. 
Maxwell Keith, no questions were asked about the LaBianca killings. The two were fatally stabbed in their Los 
Angeles home in the early morning hours of Aug. IO. 19H9. 
Miss Yan Bouton was granted a new trial when the state Court of Appeal ruled that her case should have been severed from Manson and the other co-defendants when her attorney dis­ appeared in the middle of the trial. 
Remain 

Instead. Superior Court .Judge 
Charles Older let her remain in the trial after appointing Keith to take over lier defense. 
In her testimony at the first trial. 
Leslie said. “ I took one of the knives and Patricia (Krenwinkel) had a knife and we started stabbing and cutting the lady up.” An autopsy showed Mrs. 
LaBianca was stabbed more than 4(1 times. 
Ber husband, the owner of grocery chain, was slashed to death in an ad­ joining room by Charles (Tex) Watson. 
The attackers left a fork protruding from LaBianca's chest as they fled the scene. 
The 27-year-old former high school homecoming princess from Monrovia. 
Calif., expressed her feelings about what happened that night. 
“ I still have nightmares about it." she said “ It is something I live with. 
There were lunes when I wondered if I could make it through the nights at the prison without my psychiatrist." 
Contrast lier demeanor during the interview was in dramatic contrast to her testi­ mony at the first trial when Keith asked her if she had any sorrow or remorse and she coldly replied. “ Sorry is a five letter word." 
She said she is not necessarily opti­ m istic about tilt1 upcom ing trial, scheduled for March 2K before Super­ ior Court Judge F.dward Bin/ Jr.. but she added: 
“ I'm looking forward lo the chance to go on till’ stand and really tell the truth. Before my testimony was what 
Charlie wanted — to try to get him out.” 
During the penalty phase of the first trial. 
Miss Yan Boutell and co-defendants Susan 
Atkins aud P atricia 
Krenwinkel all testified that the motive for the 
LaBianca murders had nothing to do with Munson’s efforts to trigger a ra­ cial revolution. 
Sharon Tate and four others were killed the night liefnre (In* LaBiancas were slain. Miss Yan Boutell was not charged in the Tate killings. 
They said instead that the killings were committed in an attempt to free another Manson follow er. Robert 
Beausoleil. who had Iwen jailed for the murder of Malibu. Calif . musician 
Cary Binman 
Wrong man 
They testified that by committing a sim ilar type m urder, with bloody writing on the walls, they could con­ vince authorities they had arrested tin* wrong man. 
Discussing that testimony iii the first trial. M is s Yan Boutell said 
“That was all made up lieeauae we thought we could say that there would 
In* |»oor Charlie sitting over there iii his innocent seat while alt these people were calling him all these terrible things That was the whole thing on that.” she said Manson decided on this strategy “ about the middle oi tin* trial or may be a little earlier than that 
\t the conclusion of the penally phase, the jury came back with death penalty verdicts for Manson and the three young women, Did she ever think she was going lo die Iii the gas chamber? 
••Oh. when the judge read it. sn- met lung was clicking down deep inside 

Balli r* (o i l m ill.ou i I liiraclrri-lir- rilled lur i ii * ti cr ■i i iinline to Baill i » I oiimi! lnli in.itinn.ii -lamia!'.1. (Group 
.’ n I 

I nill rranl.ilia 
It.... n, 
\tn|». bour 
XltllllllT lim., r 
• .1,1.11 a, 
.*»|..M »|V 
• if plates 

I I (I niip-. 
I I 2 in ii* ut. 
GT 
(ill 

L eslie V a n H o u t o n c a n ’t fo r g e t 

 of me amidst all of these crazy little things.” she said. “ Yeah, it was pretty heavy. But. of course, right away we giggled about it . . ." 
Shelter 
She said that at the tim e of the killings “ life and death didn’t matter that m u ch ” because she hand the others were convinced they were pro­ tected by Munson's plan calling for them to find a hole in the desert where they would stay until the race war was over. 
Manson cited the Bible and the Bea­ tles to support his predictions. Miss 
Yan Boutell said. 
“ Be pointed out a bunch of stuff iii the Book of Revelations that supported what he was telling us. including the thing about the hole in the earth. 
“ And he would have us listen to a 
Beatles record over and over. saying 
‘Can you hear it? Can you hear it? They are speaking to m e.’ We got so we thought we really did hear it.” 
Bow did Manson achieve such do­ m ination over her and his other followers? She admits to being a little at a loss to explain it now but she says that LSI) had a lot do with it. 
Acid 

"By the time I went to the “ family” at S|>ahn Ranch. I was really into acid . 
. . and for eight hours solid Charlie would do things on acid. I didn t know at the time what he was doing to my mind but it was really a trip to watch him. 
“ Be used to Im* good with cards, you know, play tricks with cards. And when you take acid, your eyes will sort of hallucinate. Charlie would put so­ mething in our mind and because he was quick with his hands and wit. we would sort of think we had seen a miracle. I did believe he was a special person brought here." 
One of the most vivid scenes she re­ calls of Manson during an LSI) session was “Charlie going through the eruci- ficion. with contortions of pain and everything.” 
Ber return to her “own self.” as she puts it. came about iii several ways. 
“ First, we were isolated from him. then much of what he predicted just wasn't happening, and I got a lot of help from another woman who was on 
Death Row with us and from a really nice psychiatrist at the prison. Some­ where iii all of this. I grew up quite a bit.” 
Danger? 
Is there any danger to her or the general public from the Manson “ fa­ mily" at this time? 
“Well. first I’ll tell you the Manson family was never as big as the news media made it. There really were only about ll) girls and three guys although peo|)le came and went. 
“ Now. I think Squeaky and Sandy 
((ioode) are the only two he has left and they are locked up. I’m not wor­ ried and I don’t think hysteria should 
A i i r i d m em ory: ''Charlie g o in g through the cruci­ fixion. , with contortions o f 
Imin and everything' 

 trial.” 
What was her reaction when she heard 4hat Squeaky had tried to shoot 
Ford? 
“ When it happened. I just figured. 
Well. that figures.’ I don t think it was any accident the gun didn t go off. 
“ I think on her part. Nile wanted to do something that Charlie would be proud of. but she never really wanted to take that chance of having to live with her conscience . 
Deciphering 

Miss Yan Boutell said that during the month prior to the assassination attempt, prison authorities had conn to her asking for help iii deciphering letters written by Squeaky and Sandy 
"All of a sudden the administration was getting all of these weird letters that indicated Lynne and Sandy were going to do something 
“ It surprised me to lie questioned bv tin* authorities because all of us at 
Frontcra had stopped writing to them or accepting their letters, 
“ We had cut off contact at least a couple of years before. Their letters weren’t making any sense,” 

Leslie thinks that Front me and 
(ioode remained Manson followers tor so long hecuusc they became addicted to the publicity they got 

Sears 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

SALE! Save *3 on SteadyRider shocks 

S e a r s 

Save $ 8 , Sears 4 8 

 power rated Battery 
32 99 
SA jI ll trade i 
R e g u la r S 1 o .o o 

BLY I Get I FREE 
(./W ig Motor Oil 

Rt-ft. prier lor 
O 9 5 
■’> qts. SI O.* 
# 3 lor 5 ql*. 
I he nmltigrnde oil proved iii seven years ut rugged race competition by the 
IVnskc Team. 
$1.75, HAY lo motor oil, 5 qts 
J.no 
$5.75, HD 5o motor oil, 5 qts 
.’Loo 

Sears Best heavy-duty shocks give a comfortable ride iii any weather 

R egular *12.DO . e x c lu siv e t e m p e r a t u r e - c o m ­ p e n sa tin g device adjusts a u to m a tic a lly to help give a stable ride iii a m season. W a r r a n t e d I«»i* as long as von ow ii y o u r ear. Sizes lo lit most 
Vmerican-niudc ears. i m p o r te d ears, p ic k u p tru c k s an d vans. I ast. low-cost in stallation a v a il­ able. Sale prices in effect for 6 days only. 

Limited warranty on StaadyRidor shock absorber (or as long as you own the vehicle 

 lf S te a d y R id e r shock a b so rb e r fe lls w h ile th e o r .un,ii p u rc h as e r ow ns the i ir ii w l l be ic p la t e d upon re tu rn fie , of c h a rg e , or the p u rc h as e p rice w ill be re fu n d e d 
It the defer live shoe K ab so rb et w as in s ta lle d by boars w e w ill in stall tho new s h o tk a b s o rb e r w ith no c h a rg e for labor ll tho d e fe c tiv e shock ah sorbet wa not in s ta lle d by S ea rs in s ta lla tio n of tho re p le te m en! shin k a b so rb e r is not in c lu d e d u n d e r this w arranty 
This w arranty does not ro v e r shock a b s o rb e rs in s ta lle d on v e h ic le s used for i om m ort tai purposes 

INCOME 
TAX SERVICE 

 bv HAR BLOCK 

Sears l ubrications 

Standard 
Lithic'cation fa cto rs Sealed brr ears with fittings. 
Lubrication 
Regular $2 .7 5 
Regular $o.o5 

 a n 

S erv ice ( e u l e r P ric e s 6 oui! i b m S u i.. M ar. 5 lh 

Save *5(1, air con d itioners 

Hilldale e a s e l a k e s u p 
R e g u la r $ 2 o o .o .5 h i l l c I i n t i n . 
N i c t i t a t e 

 t h e r m o s t a t . 
J-* p e t d f a n . 
" I Q 9 5 

2 4 a < i i . It p e r m i n n i e . m 
J . 

$411).(J4 Custom Air Conditioner ............. 2oo.o5 
Most Vmcriciiii ( ars 
Sears front wheel hearing repacking fhU 
I 
I 
D rum l»r«lr» 

Keep your wheel liearmgs i i i Rip shape with a repacking jolt. 

$17.5o repacking, disc brakes Id.HH 

Regular 

$ 7 .5 o 

Guardsman 4-ply 

ATR-1 5 black wall and old lire 

I *tj itrd-Bian 
«• md o l d t o. 
^i drs p r i r r bl o k wall pl Ms 
I I I 

\ 7 R I t 
I G 5 o 
I 7 2 

I t 7 8 - I t l i t 5 o 
I , 8 2 

( T i l I I 
2 o . 5 o 
2 . o 1 

E 7 8 - 1 I 
2 1 ( Mi 
2 . 2 4 

F 7 8 - 1 I 
2 2 IMI 
2 . J 7 

P T H - 1 I 
2 L O O 
2 . 5 . 1 

6 7 8 1 5 
2 U M ! 
2 . 5 o 

1 1 7 8 - 1 3 
2 o - o o 
2 . 7 o 

5 . M I - 1 5 
2 o . 5 o 
1 . 7 o 
16 5o pins s 1,72 
Federal 
F x e is e lux 

 signed to fit y o u r driv iug n eeds 
. pric e d lit fit y o u r b u d g e t! polyester plies h e lp p ro v id e stre n g th . 

. . . priced tit t 
I p olyester pile stren gth , sm o o th ride 
Guardsman Belted 

G TU -Id whitewall and old lire 

H e l l e d a n d o b i l i r e 

H e i r * p r i e r 
* R i t i «* all pl«- i t i 
< 78 Lf 
28. HH 
2.o1 
1)78-1 t 
2o.Hit 
2.12 
1.78 I I 
JO.Hit 
2 2o 
F78 I 1 
J2.Hii 
2.12 
678 I I 
J I .HH 
2.5H 
1178 I t 
JO.HH 
2.HO 
678 15 
J I . HH 
2.o5 
1178-15 
J O H 
2.88 
1,78-15 
JO. HH 
J. iii 
28 88 pills s,g.O I 
F.E.T. 

(.heck these low prices! 2 fiber gin** belts a n d 2 nylon cord plies t e a m - u p to h elp give stability an d long mileage. TR series. 

Guardsman Radial 

 e a r s ( fu i n b H M B 
\ H u b * ! u n ! o l d O r e 

ARTH-1 A whitewall and old tire 

 p lu s H U I 
F.E.T, 

O u t s t a n d i n g values for radial 

 t i r e s ! 2 filler glass b e l t s plus 2 polyester cord radial plies help plausive han d lin g . 

Sears 

 llu»illtl*N I I j N Vliif* 
Sui* i|.nl .ti Vt, uni, 
VulnHHthu JJU LUH 
I irs* M U L IU ', 
Mon aud I Lu*- 7 MMI no,, H rd . I rt., sal 7 III (» 

Mounting ami Hoi.limn Included 

Vliltl.tr* l>» st*.** 
Ii nir.it Bark st*,** 
I n* I l*f« al Cir .(•.■Ilion Md 
San Prdrt* at I mw* I IO 
I mb * 
Vubniioltti JJU MUH luliiN m lnr JJU »I*H 
I I I I X Ila* k in *r* lin s .UH ’MIU , 
I ire- .UHilO.t 
J J H -1*o*1 

Viol* 
Itll U S a l 
Vim , I Kl ll S a l 
Vlmi l h , ti S a t 
H U 
H U 
7 MI A lo 
Where America shops 

“They really attention,” she did, too,” 

 gut sick tiehtnd all that said “ I think Charlie 

St AMS. MIOSI I K XXIII (I 

Sa tinfoil nm (iuunmtteii or Your ,\fo/iey Hack 

V Mile* -III 
6 7 1 * 5 5 1 1 

• NI ll.HIM UHUH ill 

o 6 2 Ii.iud* t a lid 
I t 2 - 2 t * » l 

IO M I % i 
Ii# 

I KIMI 

 ami arr***r* duia* aUu at V*I|IiVwKmM *lom immmmmmmmtm 

 w m vt h u e Itll 
I o n e r* # ! D in u t 2 o to 
I I d . I P u l H o o k e r It 
<»5M-7 1**1 

February 27 1977 

TH Ie. St MUY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E DITORI ALS 

James P. Dolan 

Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor a n d Publisher 
William J. Reddell 
Editor o f the Editorial Page 

C artw right’s double-tax bill 

State Rep. Don Cartwright hasn't learned a thing from the 
Lombardino law. 

The Bexar r e p r e s e n t a t iv e from District 57-H to tin* Legis­ lature has introduced two bills that would, if his colleagues ap­ proved, tamper materially with the budget of the City of San 
Antonio. 

In e ffec t, 
C a r tw rig h t is proposing lo double property taxes on San Antonians. 

One of his bills would prohibit the city from taking any money from City Public Serv ice 
Board. Approximately one-third of the city 's G en era l Fund r e v en u e s c o m e from 
CPS payments to tin* city. Last year’s figures show ( FLS payments ap­ proximately equal to property taxes. 

Thus, if CPS paym ents are denied, tilt1 only other readily-available source of funds is taxes on property, lf the load tell equally upon property, tin* lax payment would double for every taxpayer 

So Cartwright is proposing to reduce utility b ills by a maximum of 11.5 per cent (the city's share (from CPS) in e x ­ ch a n g e for doubled property taxes. 

H ouseholders and other property owners can com pu te the effects of that quite readily 

 by estim a ting a v er a g e utility e x p e n se and c o m p a r in g that with doubling the tax bill on their house or business property. 

On a m id d le -in c o m e house with an average utility bill of $6(1 a month (that is high for many households and low for those where cost is no problem), the annual savings under 
Cart­ w r ig h t's proposal would be about $84. 

Doubled property ta x e s would cost far more than that. 

A dditionally, C a r t w r i g h t ’s sc h e m e would give su bu rb an users of CPS services their dis­ count without ANY com pensat­ ing help with the city budget. 

C a r tw r ig h t’s p ro p o sa l is more irresponsible than he may realize, and we anticipate other 
Bexar legislators will shortly persuade him so. 

But the sad part of the proposal is that C artw righ t hasn’t caught on that local c i­ tizens sh ould n ’t have their 
I ova I Iv-financed s e r v i c e s m eddled with in A u stin . San 
A ntonians are as c a p a b le ut electing officials to stall ( tty 
Hall as they are of electing those who help staff the Legislature. 

Cartwright would do himself a favor by withdrawing the bills and burning them. That would show, at least, that he can learn. 
City’s planning goals under pressure 

Tin* next few months will be the toughest tor the City Plan­ ning 
C o m m is s io n and 
City 
Council. 
The P la n n in g C o m m iss io n h a s e st im a te d city growth in terms of population and geogra­ phic lo cation s. It e s t im a t e s growth over the next two d e ­ cades will be about 4o per cent iii population that will require about 41.9oo a c r e s fur new houses and other development. 
It s e e m s in e v ita b le that growth will continue northward. 
Precedent has broken resistance against urban d e v e lo p m e n t within the so-called hot zone of the Edwards aquifer's recharge area. 
The definitive study of tlie* zone, ordered by City Council, remains perhaps two years dis- taut. That study (by Metcalf & 
Eddy. one of the nation’s fore­ most fir m s for that kind o| work) is supposed to tell council what will be the results of deve­ lopment in the zone. Pressure to hold off substantial change over the recharge zone until results are known is b ein g m et by pressure to proceed with pro­ tects already planned. 

T I? HP T 17 D C 

W ho thinks of the kids during school warfare? 

Council is being responsible in the face of hard pressure and is unfairly taking criticism dir­ ected at it for inaction by prior councils 

Demand for water, sewer and other services grows stronger almost daily. Council should be careful to identify problems and pressures as they arise and in­ sist, as a m i n i m u m r e q u i r e ­ ment, the standards already de­ signe d iii the e n g in e e r in g studies made for the proposed 
San Antonio Ranch New Town. 

The planners’ growth sketch has been presented to council, which h a s put it on public exa­ mination for at least two weeks. 
Major g o a ls are renewal of the center citv and adequate pro­ tection <n tin* city’s water sup­ ply 

The sketch is the first c o m ­ prehensive look at goals in many years. Those most-direct Iv con­ cerned with development should commit to improve the sketch to meet fundamental goals. P lan­ ning is essential if we are to get best results from available re­ sources and avoid costly correc­ tive work later. 

Although the results are in, the dust probably will not settle for some time in the San Antonio 
School D i s t r i c t ’s $49 m illio n bond issue. 

VV hat began as a sim p le black or white issue, through the process of the cam paign eventually grayed so that the original intent becam e losi 

Buried som ew here underneath the rubble of the campaign is the original question of whether ttit* bond issue would be beneficial to the children of the San Antonio School District. 

And that question drew accusations and counter charges from opponents and proponents of the bond issue like honey draws bees 

Many of the concerns regarding the value of the bond proposal were valid arid deserved consideration 

Worries over increased utility rates stem m ing from new schools and air conditioning of old structures certainly were relevant in a time of limited en- ergv supplv 

‘Overindulgent' 

Some who argued against the bond issue believed funds were designated for im provem ents which w ere unne­ cessary and overindulgent. And older citizens of the district who must pay their lulls from fixed incomes worried about the in c r e a s e iii ta x e s w hich would result from the bond issu e's passage. 

Proponents, on the other hand, also had their selling points. 

(h e r half of Hit* district's schools are more than 2*> years old and it) need of renovation They house so m e 68,ooo students 

Liz 
Sweet 

Education 

In tin' years that the district has 
I icon in operation, the needs and con­ cepts of education have changed, the proponents pointed out 

Keeping up with modern concepts of open area c la ssr o o m s and learn in g centers used in other school districts, supporters said, necessitated new and improved buildings 

Revitalization 

Im p roved e d u c a tio n a l fa c ilit ie s winch would allow the district to offer a superior educational environm ent, they noted, would attract m ore resi­ dents into the inter-city area and thus help in the city's goal toward revitali­ zation. 

Kilter polities and politicians. 

The lines began to reorganize around different issues and personalities, 

P assage of the bond issue perhaps would indicate a com m unity support for the new majority taction which has sat in the board's driver’s seat since last April’s election. Or that's what the faction hoped 

Charges 

That new faction is led by Dr. Wil­ liam Elizondo who, in the midst of the campaign, had been accused of politi­ cal am bitions above and beyond the 

 extent of the school board. 

To further those ambitions, his cri­ tics said, he used pressure tactics a g a in s t d is tr ic t p r in c ip a ls and teachers to ensure the passage of the bond issue and thus strengthen his own political power base. 

In the process, critics said. Elizondo and “ Ills board" have taken credit for im provem en ts in the d istrict which were thought of and instigated manx years ago under a different board. 

In r e sp o n s e . E lizo n d o and other su p p o r te r s of the bond is s u e sa id charges of pressure tactics were just sour grapes from those who had not gotten over the results of the last board election. 

T hese ch arges. Dr. Elizondo said. were a tactic in them selves to cause a loss (if support for the bond election and to make Elizondo look like a table without legs. 

Vendettas 

Encouraging the defeat of the bond issue, supporters stressed, was a way to wage political vendettas 

Probably both sides have degrees of v a lid ity to th eir a r g u m e n t s . 
Accusations of political coercion ce r­ tainly should not be ignored or taken lightly. If the board m em bers and ad­ m in is tr a tiv e o ff ic ia ls w ere not in ­ volved. as they insist, they have noth­ ing to lose and everything to gain by a thorough investigation. 

T he point su n k in all the m u d , though, is that a bond election where children are trapped in the line of fire is not the place to wage political w ar­ fare. 

 rishis i m u rn ; schools cities, su bu rbs. 
Local GOF chewing on its own tail 

The view from the Hilton Ba­ lat in del Ru» was a great tine for 
Republicans last week. But it may hast* been a mirage. 
Meeting ut the Hilton were m em bers of ibe board of the National Federation of Republican Women 
From the moment of the curb arn* va! of National President Pat Hutar, the mood vvas upbeat. 

Atter all. a Republican congressional candidate had just staged a big upset victory in a special election in a liberal 
Minnesota district 

F ro m now on, M rs 
H utar noted gleefully, the Democrats cannot blame what happens in Washington on a Re­ publican president, much less a HOP congress 
Not only that, she said, but party organizations like the federation are alrcadv mobilizing to find and support candidates for Pt?tv In fact, til ii’ sta* 
11 st iv gins and com puters have a ln adv pin pointed 82 congressional districts and hundreds of state legislative d is­ tricts in which the part) can hest start its com eback 

Kemper 
Diehl 

Politics c 

S ta te R ep u b lica n C h airm an Hay 
Hutchison was just as optim istic fol­ lowing a fruitful meeting of the state committee last weekend in Dallas 
The c o m m itte e drew up plans to build GGP strength iii the legislature 

 i i i 1978 and Ihhu in anticipation ut the redistricting of con gressional boun­ daries following the next conins 
So harmonious were the state's Re. publican lead ers Ihaf the situation drew awed comments from no less than Rav Barnhart, the Mute Ronald 
Reagan chieftain 
And Mrs Hutar suggested that on a national level the painful wounds of the great f ord Reagan nomination strug­ 

 gle were almost miraculously healed 
Well. perhaps a great GOF love-in is 

 really just around the corner 
But there are ominous rum blings right here in Bexar County that fac ­ tional feuding is still the name of the game 
I hairm an H utchison has m ade a realistic appraisal of what Republicans in Texas should be doing: working at electing legislators and congressmen. 
After ail there is little point in hav­ ing Republican presidents if the rest of the government is in the hands of De­ m on ,tu 
When Hutchison's list of Republican c a m p a ig n o p p o r tu n itie s in 1978 is drawn, Bexar County should be near ttie tup 
( onservativf 
It seem s a good bn that t S 
Re p 
Bob Krueger will seek promotion to the 
I x. senate, leaving tho li s t District w ole open rh is i s , of course, a con servative bailiwick which could Im* won by the right Republican 
Mid at b a st one B exar legislative 

 district in addition to that of GGP State 
Rep Jim Nowlin could easily go Re­ publican. 
But if party harmony is necessary to make these gam es, Chairman Hutch* son might well forget it 
“ In Bexar C oun ty,” exp la in s one battered survivor, “factional hatreds are stronger than party loyalty. 
“ The te s t,” he con tinu es, “ is not whether you are a R ep u b lican, it's what faction you belong to.” 
Factional splits, for example, clearly contributed to John O’Connell’s close loss last November to State Rep Abe 
Ribak. 
Spreading 
Now the i ultra-party strife is spread­ ing into a new arena in which Repub­ licans have a chance to dev elop leaders 
— the city council districts 
Take the race ut District « between 
( agnel Inurn Fbi! Pyndus, the Reagan 
Republican, and ( ouncitman Ford 
Nielsen a liberal Democrat. 

It would Im expected that Republi can s iii t h i s area of GGP stren g th would supt mu t Pyndus. 

But the truth is that his factional foes within the party are charmed by the 
IHissibility of a Pyndus defeat. 

Nielsen strategists realize the very well Ralph Langley and Cliff Morton have l>een working to obtain open sup­ port for the D em ocratic councilm an from well-known Republicans. 
They’ll succeed 
Nowlin, for example, would make a strong GOF c a n d id a te in the giant district which extend s from A lam o 
Heights to Pecos and Alpine 
But Nowlin was an outspoken backer of President Ford last year. In consi­ dering a race he would have to face the very real prospect that stubborn Rea- g a n ite s m ig h t p refer to vo te for a 
Jim m y Curter campaigner like Nelson 
Wolff before backing a Ford man 

There is little doubt but that they will succeed in a number of cases. 
It is this sort of elephantine memory of old feuds whit h will make it hard for party-builders tike Hutchison to find can d id ates even when there are op- jMtrtunihes like an open rate in Dim, 

This n e w s p a p e r w e lco m es le tte r s (ro m its r e a d e rs . 
They should b e sh o rt, n o t o v e r 3 o o w o rd s, an d th e y m ust b e sig n ed . H o w ev er, only re a d e rs ' initials will b e u sed if th e re q u e s t is m o d e. U nsigned le tte rs w ill n o t b ^ p u b ­ lished. The p a p e r re s e rv e s th e rig h t to ed it ony le tte r for len g th , g o o d to rte or leg a l reaso n s, te t te r w rite rs m ust 
Include th eir p ro p e r a d d re ss a n d te le p h o n e n u m b er — w hich will n o t b e pu b lish ed — so th e co rrect id en tity of th e w rite r can b e e stab lish ed . Send le tte rs to B.O. Boe 
1 1 7 1 , San A ntonio, T exas 7 8 3 9 7 . 

Politicians7 

Sir: Everyone knows. I’m sure, that mem bers of Congress have received a pay raise from $44.HOO to $57,5oo an­ nually. The huge increase was secured through a deceitful dev ice of Congress which allowed a recommendation of a commission proposing the increase to become law without additional affir­ mative action by Congress. 
A lth ou g h th e r e w e r e h o n est mem bers of the House of Representa­ tives anxious to have the House have a roll call vote on the raise proposal, their efforts were thwarted by House 
Speaker Thomas P. “T ip” O’Neill of 
Massachusetts and a complacent m a­ jority of the House. 
O’Neill has defended the pay raises as necessary to keep salaries com peti­ tive with industry and on CBS' “ Face the Nation” program , he said that if 
Congress had voted on the issue, the raise would have been defeated be­ cause of public opposition, are in­ stances where it is in the best interests of the nation not to vote the will of the people". 
Such conceit, such assumption of omnipotence, by this powerful man to whom we are supposed to look for leadership in the hope for a resurgence of ethical conduct in a Congress rid­ dled with evidences of lack of integri­ ty, destroys one’s faith in the future of our Republic. 
Roy M. Mueller 
"Thin-skinned’ 

Sir: I ain not usually one to write this kind of letter, hut that Sunday tirade of 
Stephen Marinaro deserves comment. 
Either Marinaro is so thin-skinned that he can't take a d ifference of opinion by three letter-w riters, in which case he has no business working for a newspaper. 
I think that the letter mention­ ing the co m m en tator for the New 
Yorker Magazine shows the caliber of 
Don Stefuno. 
I am surprised that the Express- 
Nevvs would waste newsprint letting this fellow bellyache like this for no more than three dissenting letters, 
A further razzberry to Marinaro, just on general principles. 
Ford Green 
Double jeopardy 

Sir: There is something about this 
Hayes-Morales case that bothers me. 
Isn t it a well established principle of law that no man shall twice be plac­ ed in jeopardy for the sam e offense? What is it that the feds are claiming here? Are they saying that this is not lint1 offense but two? That would seem to be a neat piece of end running. After all this man was in­ dicted and tried, how ever ineptly, before a jury of his peers. If there was a miscarriage of justice it wasn't his fault. 
The double jeopardy safeguard, one might surm ise, was never intended to be limited in its application. In fact it was intended for use precisely in those cases where courts become capricious. 
If they never erred there would be no need for it. 
It looks to m e like Big Nanny is getting ready to trample on som ething more important than either Hayes or 
Morales. 
William o . Dysard 

Wizard o f Ogg 

 sir While enroute to Houston to visit friends I couldn’t help but feel that HI 
IO became the yellow brick road and I was on the way to the Land of Ogg. 
The Wizard of Ogg, State Sen. Jack 
Ogg of Houston, like the Wizard of Oz. can bestow extraordinary favors on certain people and manipulate events in distant realms. 
The Wizard of Ogg gave the tin soldiers of San Antonio new heart with his “ grandfather clause" added to the bill to repeal the Lombardino unlimit­ ed sick-pay bill that guarantees such favors to current tin soldiers, or in the case of Lt. Al Peeler, cowardly lions. 
Dorothy complained that she didn’t have her act together when the Wicked 
Warlock of the West, Frank Lombar­ dino, tricked her out of her govern­ mental slipper. Lt’s hope that the 
Wizard of Ogg will bestow the gifts of courage and leadership on Dorothy 
Cockrell. 
Hubert Franklin 

T r y r e a d i n * - 

Sir: We have been assailed with horror stories about nuclear power plants and radiological waste. Yet, I have found in financial journal that 
Sweden's ASEA is developing a m eth­ od of air cooling reactors without heating local water sources and have found out how to solidify nuclear waste into inert ingots. Why have not the TY n e ws m edia reported on this? Not sensational en ou gh o about obscene corporate profits. Yet, in another fin­ ancial journal I have learned that return on equity for major corpora­ tions is down from 1H per cent two decades ago to 8 per cent today inhi­ biting modernization, expansion and employment. Why have not the TV news media reported on this? 
We have I Teen assailed by the m e­ dia's demands for freedom of the press. 
Yet, I have learned that over Wtu news items pass over the wires each day, of which no more than l f are selected for 
TV airing 
Who determines which items I will learn of and which I will not? Could this not be a case of free­ dom for the press but m assive thought control for the viewers? 
The TV new s media have audited the presidency and the corporate system and are now auditing the C ongress. 
Has riot the time com e for a revealing audit of the news media, especially 
TV? 

Edward J, ( nsiellu 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February 27 1977 
 arming o f the presidency 

War Powers Act clouds the issue 

By STUART DARLING and CRAIG MENSE 

 w a s h i n g t o n p o s t 
Three years have passed since 
C ongress enacted the 
War 
Powers Resolution over Presi­ dent Nixon’s veto. 
Since then there has been relatively little discussion about this law that p u rp o rts to e n s u re that the United 
States will never again become in­ volved in another unpopular war like that in Vietnam. 
In essence the law seeks to ensure that American armed forces w ill not be committed to hostilities by tin* Presi­ dent without prior congressional auth­ orization except in “ e m e rg en c y ” si­ tuations. In the event that such an emergency does arise, the President can. on his own, com m it forces to combat, but they must be withdrawn after HO days unless Congress has en­ acted a measure specifically endorsing his action. 
The sta tu te g ra n ts the P re sid en t authority to extend this 6o-day period for an additional 3o days if, in his opinion, “ unavoidable military neces­ sity” so requires. Thus, the President can wage war on his own for OO days before Congress really enters the pic­ ture. 
The current act has seemingly been forgotten since the resignation of P re ­ sident Nixon. But w h e th e r , as is claimed, the law will compel future 
Presidents to allow for congressional participation in any decisions to com­ mit U.S. troops lo hostilities overseas is questionable. 
As we enter a new era, there is a clear need to analyze tin* law’s practical effects on the nation’s foreign policy. 
Crisis 
It is not diffic ult to envision, drawing from the current world situation, a crisis that might precipitate the intro­ duction of U S. troops overseas to pro­ tect our real or imagined interests. 
The death of Marshal Tito, now 85, could te m pt the Soviets to g rab for power in strategic Yugoslavia, proba­ bly by a variety of subtle means, con­ ceivably by overt military action. 
Should that occur. President Carter would not necessarily be bound by the comment of candidate Carter dismiss­ ing a military response. The potentia­ lities for trouble in the Middle East are not limited to the Arab-lsraeli conflict but cover as well the volatile Persian 
Gulf. into which has flowed iii recent years large quantities of American weapons and thousands of American military instructors. 

One can go on identifying potential trouble spots, evoking Cassandra-like images of the future in southern Africa or Korea. 
Tile question that must be asked is this: Would an American President, laced with what he saw as an unavoi­ dable conflict and aware of the mili­ tary advantages of quick action, be restricted by the current war-powers law from initiating U.S. military ac­ tions until he could acquire congres­ sional approval? 
Problems 
Probably not. In fact, the existing statute creates more problems than it solves As Yale Law Professor Charles 
L. Black characterized it “ Presented as a limitation on presidential power, 
(it) can hardly be read as other than a very nearly explicit authorization of any presidential action whatever, with 
C o n g res s e x e r c is i n g s u p e r v i s o r y power later along, after tile com m it­ ment has been made.” rile failure of the law stems from a decision made in 1973 in a conference com m ittee form ed to reconcile the differences between the bill s House and Senate versions. 
The Senate had acknowledged the necessity of the P r e s i d e n t ’s acting without prior congressional approval in certain em ergency situations but spelled out what those “ emergencies” were: 
(1) responding to or preempting un attack on the United States itself 
(2) responding to or preempting an attack on U.S. armed forces stationed abroad and 
(3) Kescuing American citizens abroad from c ircu m sta n ces which endangered their lives. 
The House, on the other hand, had allowed the P r e s i d e n t u n ila te ra l emergency power without specifying what would constitute an emergency. 
The conference committee placed the 
Senate codifications of em ergencies under the “ Purpose and Policy” sec­ tion of the compromise bill." 
Language 
The conference report explained that tile “ Purpose and Policy" section was 
“ a statement of the authority of the commander-in-chief respecting the in­ troduction of armed forces into hosti­ litie s and went on to say “ subsequent sections . . . are not dependent upon the language of this subsection, as was the case with a similar provision of the 
Senate bill." 
By delaying the congressional im ­ primatur for 9H days, one of the bill s main goals was co m p ro m ised . The authors of the Senate bill felt it cru­ cially important that Congress share in 

 the decision to use force before an ac­ tual commitment had been made. 
Otherwise, Congress would have to make the difficult choice of compelling a withdrawal or evacuation of forces already engaged in hostilities. For these reasons. Sen. Thomas Eagleton 
(D-Mo.) voted against adoption of the co n fe re n c e re p o r t, though he had helped draft and guide the legislation through the Senate. 
Most other supporters of the Senate bill, even though they shared many of 
Eagleton’! reservations, chose to ac ­ cept the conference version. They did so to a significant and unfortunate degree because of unrelated political events. 
R e m e m b er the atm osphe re at the time: President Nixon, under m ount­ ing criticism from all sides because of 
Watergate, had recently fired special p r o s e c u to r A rc h ib a ld Cox in the 
"Saturday Night Massacre." 
Vetoed 
Nixon vetoed the conference bill, claiming that it was both unconstitu­ tional and an unwise inhibition on the 
Presidents conduct of foreign policy. 
By this tim e , however. C ongress seemed to have tired of arguments for or against the bill itself. Nixon's veto tended to transfer the issue from the bill’s provisions to a question of con­ gressional capability to stand up to an increasingly discredited President. In its 1o-month existence, the 93rd Con­ gress had not overridden any of Nix­ on's vetoes. 
In the House, the vote to override was very close. Eight House liberals 

 who had formerly opposed the confer­ ence bill switched sides to make the override possible. The margin was on­ ly 4 votes above the necessary two- th irds m ajo rity . In the Senate the override margin was 13, and on Nov. 7. 
1973, in Public Law 92-14K, the country at last had a war powers act 
But is this law worth having? Does it do more harm than good? 
It is difficult for d e m o c r a c ie s to compete in world politics against tot - litarian states. Democracies are su­ spicious of secrecy and not very good at it. 
Secrecy 
Yet successful foreign policies so­ metimes require secrecy, as well as intimidation, threats, alignments with undemocratic states and. too often, the application of force to obtain desired ends. 
When a democracy must resort to violence, however, it is im p e rativ e both for the success of the foreign po­ licy leading to the use of force, and for the military operation itself, that the people understand why they are fight­ ing and accept tin1 sacrifices necessary for victory Without this element of consent and a willingness to bear the burdens of war, a democracy is wise to keep out of combat situations. 
In effect, by deciding not to require prior congressional consent for p r e si­ dential war-making in other than de­ signated em e rg en c y situations, the conference c o m m itt e e aw ard e d the 
President carte blanche to undertake any sort of military operation subject only to ex post facto Congressional re- 

 v lew. 
A situation in which Congress felt compelled to force a w ith drawal of forces already engaged in hostilities would be a n i g h t m a r e for all c o n ­ cerned, not least to the military p e r­ sonnel doing the actual fighting. The effects on service morale would bi1 la­ mentable and frightening. 
More likely, however. C o n g res s would never steel itself to make such a decision unless a military venture had proved utterly calamitous, either on the battlefield or at home, or both. 
Dunkirks 
Additionally, if for some reason (al­ beit an unlikely one) Congress became too zealous iii compelling withdrawals after HH days, the world could bear witness to a succession of American 
Dunkirks that would be unredeemable. 
Sen Barry Coldwater (R-Ariz.) and others have expressed the view that the 
President must not be deprived of his ability to defend and protect U.S. lives and interests throughout the world 
True It is the price we pay for living iii a world where force, and not law, is oftentimes the arbiter of the future. It would be a foolish mistake to deprive the President of the ability to wage a defensive war. 
However, th en4 remains the problem of determining what a defensive wai­ ls Nearly all belligerents call their half of any war “ defensive;” it is the other side who’s waging an aggressive. 
“offensive" war. 
The Senate lull presented as worka­ ble a definition of defensive war as can likely be written. In that section, the 
President was empowered to “ fores­ tall," or preempt, the “ direct and im ­ m inent t h r e a t , ” of a t t a c k s on tin1 
United States itself and on American armed forces abroad without a declar­ ation of war. 
Retaliation 
In the event of attacks on the United 
States, he could take “ retaliatory” ac­ tion as well Ile could use the armed forces to rescue \ m e r i c a n citizens abroad, but with provisions that pre­ vent such ail operation from, being used as a guise to cloak ulterior mo­ tives. In any other situation the Presi­ dent would first have had to secure the approval of Congress before resorting to the use of armed forces 
The present law, however, took one step forward and two steps backward 
Certainly this War Powers Resolution is not without some valuable ideas. It m akes clear, for exam ple, that our treaty com mitm ents are not self-exe­ cuting. Apparently, this surprised se­ veral of our allies and caused them to worry aloud about 
A m e r i c a n credibility as a world power. 
I ii reality, however, the m ere fact that a given nation s signature appears on a treaty proclaiming a military al­ liance is not what matters. Alliances are based on a shared perception of a common threat 
Alliances are little m ore than verbal ex p re s s io n s of a common v iew of potential danger. 

The NATO treaty will become only a scrap of paper if, for whatever reason, the United States, or the West Euro­ peans, come to feel that Sov iet domin­ ation of Europe is not something worth fighting to prevent. 
The congressional record in foreign affairs since the adoption of the pre­ sent war-powers law has not been im ­ pressive. The failure of tin4 bill to in­ volve Congress in the decision-making processes surrounding the evacuation from Vietnam or the Mayaguez affair illustrates both the weaknesses of the statute and congressional reservations about accepting the constitutional re­ sponsibility that some cla im e d the 
President has usurped. lf Congress continues to evoke its constitutional authority in as h ap h a­ zard a manner as it has in the last two years, becoming involved in the Ango­ lan and Cypriot situation, but not in the e v a cu a tio n from V ie t n a m or th e 
Mayaguez affair. Congress will justi­ fiably be subject to charges of m e d ­ dling in presidential concerns and tin* formula for democratic participation in decisions to use force will remain cloudy. 
The current period of relative do most ic and international tranquility offers tin4 opportunity to reopen the issue for further consideration. Now is a good time for a reasoned and dis passionate analysis of tin* existing law 
The fact is that a 
President isn't re­ stricted from he- g i ii n i i i # wa r f a re despite this law 

A better opportunity may not be forth­ coming 
It is bitter to contemplate the effects of a renewed war-powers debate insti­ gated by a future military conflict in­ volving i s troops Common sense should beckon the Congress to settle the issue beforehand 
A return to the original Senate bill would clarity tin4 situations iii which the President’s emergency powers do allow him to act unilaterally aud would specify the situations i ii which the 
P r e s i d e n t can act only w ith p r i o r authorization 
Some flexibility would be lost to tin4 
President in his conduct of diplomacy. 
This weakness is inherent in our de­ mocracy. and we would be better off recognizing our limitations 
H ow ever, th a t loss of flexibility would be more than compensated by the gain of a truly democratic dialogue on the issues of foreign policy. 
The President, too often shielded from adversary politics, would be ob­ liged to engage in public debate — to state his proposal and to p e rs u a d e 
Congress and the American people to accept it. 
Carter is building world hope 

WASHINGTON 
- 
When 
Jimmy Carter was running for 
P resident, he lam ented that 
America had been disgraced by government policies unworthy of her people. He would change these policies, he promised; and he would never do anything that would shame us. 

He hadn’t been in the White House long before he began taking several small steps to place morality above convenience, above hypocrisy. Ile con­ demned the abuse of human rights a r­ ound the world from Rhodesia to South 
Korea. 
He pro tested rep e ate d ly the s u p ­ pression of basic freedoms in the So- v iet Union — the unmentionable corpse in the closet during the Nixon-Kis- singer-Ford era And lest these pro­ tests h*4 thought empty formalities, he dramatized them by going out of his way to show resp e c t for the g r e a t 
Russian spokesmen for freedom and decency. 
A personal letter was sent to Andrei 
S ak h a ro v ; the word w ent out that 
Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn and Vladimir 
Bukovsky will be welcome at .Jimmy 
Carter s White House. 
From these simple acts, a ripple of hope has started to spread the world over among o p pressed people who 

Jock 
Anderson 

W ashington 
C 

 keep aliv e a yearning for freedom. It is a hope that springs not from any ex­ pectation that we will liberate them. but from the knowledge that we are aware they exist, that we honor their struggle and that the great human tide is with them. 
Determined 
C onsistent with this. P r e s i d e n t 
Carter seems determined lo keep the 
FBI within the law and to keep the CIA away from covert activities. Murder, burglary, bribery, extortion, election rigging — all are out. Any oilier covert activity will require a written authori­ zation with his signature on it where it can be read by history and the special prosecutor. 
Byproduct 

It is bad enough that we stood mute l>efore foreign despotism; it is intoler­ able that from refusing to see evil in 

 front of our noses, we went on to prac­ tice it ourselves We have m ade no p erm a n en t gains, and we have lost what was once our greatest strength. 
Our reputation for decency, once the beacon of the world, is now everywhere in tatters, and we are looked ut as little better than the communists 
And an inevitable by-product haunts us. One by one, the schem es we de­ signed for others, in competition with the Soviet KOB, have been tu rn ed against our own people and in stitu­ tions. 
This insidious, corrosive process can be seen in em bryo in the testimony given by the incomparable E. Howard 
Hunt as a prosecution witness in the, trial of the White House plumbers for breaking into the office of Daniel EUs- berg’s psychiatrist. 
The P r e s i d e n t ’s b u ria l s hoped to steal discrediting information about 
Ellsberg which the White House could, in turn, leak to the press 
Hunt was asked what type of work he did during his long career with the 
Central Intelligence Agency. “ Oh,” he replied with bored nonchalance, “ sub­ version of prominent figures abroad, the overthrow of governments — that sort of thing.” Judging from his tes­ timony, it seemed to Hunt a logical progression to go from subverting for­ eign leaders to discrediting by illegal means an American public figure 
Then he recruited under false pre­ 

 tenses a group of Uuban-Americans who followed him, out iii trust, into the | burglary of they knew not what; and then, in the final scene, he turned state’s evidence and testified against his recruits in order to avoid having additional time added to his Watergate sentence. 
That Hunt at one stage thought this sort of esc a p ad e served A m e r ic a 's cause is the final argument against it 
Boomerang 

The CIA program of bribing politi­ cians in other countries in order that they might support American interests has produced a sim ilar boomerang. 
Over the years, we have chronicled how the CIA has corrupted foreign of. fie aals with wine. women and under- the-table cash. 
Now Americans are up in arm s over the South Korean CIA’s efforts to bribe 
American congre ssm e n. The KITA, like Iran's SAYAK and other foreign intelligence operations, was modeled after our own These agencies learned ulwtut bribery from the ( IA 
Conclusion: The ClA” s d e t e r m in a ­ tion to get down in the g u tte r and operate at the same level with the So­ viet KOB has not paid off. The direct result is that the United States has lost, not g a i n e d , in flu en ce, a ro u n d the world. There comes a time when. ti we cannot be guided by principle, at least we ought to bi* deterred by shame 

. c o n i e s / ^ 
' 

AnrnveRSARy 
SA le 
R ec,I O a r s to c k 
SAVI n e,s in ALL 
OepARtments 

The Henry Kissinger Show 

WASHINGTON - NBG has just signed on Henry Kissinger as a "news consultant," a per­ former on news specials, an occasional guest on the Today show, and an adviser to John 
Chancellor and David Brinkley on foreign affairs. 

I haven t seen the contract so I'm not certain what other m atters Mr. Kis­ singer will handle with the network. 

I suppose my biggest concern is us­ ing Henry as a foreign affairs adviser to Chancellor and Brinkley. 
Since he has a vested interest in 
American policy that he initiated he c a n ’t be considered an unbiased ob­ server. 
I take you now lo the NBC Evening 
News studio a few months from today. 
Story? 

“ Hello, Henry, this is John Chancel­ lor. Brinkley is on the other extension. 
A dispatch just came over the wires that Dick Helms, the former director of the CIA, said you instructed hun to lie to C o n g re s s about our role in 
Chile.” 

Art 
Buchwold 

Light Side 
C 

O 
I* 

“ I don't consider that a valid news story. I wouldn’t use it.” 
‘ But CBS and ABC will use it.” 
“That’s because they don’t have all the facts. When my book comes out I will explain exactly what I said the 
Helms,” 
"Henry, this is Brinkley. Sen Henry 
Jackson says that the Soviets are not living up to the Helsinki accords and vour policy of detente was a disaster 
" I would be very wary of putting 
Jackson on the show lie hates m e.” 
“ But it’s a legitimate news story." 
“ I believe I ve had more experience in foreign affairs than you gentlemen have had, and I say i f s not a news story. What facts does he have for backing it up?” 

“ The Russians are violating the hu­ man rights agreement.” 
“ That's all?” 
Attack 
" H enry, this is Chancellor. Secre­ tary of State Vance held a press con- lerence in which he said shuttle diplo­ macy has lost its value, and he intends to use his am bassa dors to negotiate agreements with foreign government! and the United States. We thought we d use three minutes of it ” 

"Did he attack me personally?” 
"No, but Dav id and I consider that this is a criticism of your method of operating when you were at State." 
"This is serious. What do we have on 
Vance?" 

"We don't have anything on Vance ” 
"Well, get something on him, What kind of news organization do you have over there'*" 

"Henry, this is Brinkley. We re only half an hour from air time and you’ve just knocked down three of our stories. 
All we have left iii foreign affairs is that the President of Pakistan intends to visit the United States this s u m ­ mer.” 

"That's good I think you should lead with it.” 
’ It's not much of a story.” 
Gateway 

“ That's because you've never been to Pakistan Pakistan is the gateway to 
China. China is an enemy of the So­ viets. The Soviets will wonder why we have invited the President of Pakistan to visit Washington. 

“ lf we can keep them guessing as to j what our intentions are, we can keep j the Kremlin from doing so meth in g that could wreck NATO. It will also strengthen our position in tile Middle j 
East and Africa." 

"Chancellor’! writing all this down, 
Henry. T h e r e ’s one mote thing. AP says that Mort Halperin, who is suing v nu for tapping his phone, savs you’ve been stalling on giving a deposition to his lawyers ” 

“ I wouldn't use it. The story could I destroy our credibility with J a p an .” 
"Well, thanks for straightening us out, Henry.” 

"Don't mention it That’s what I get j paid for." 

No spacial purcho»e»l 
Sorry, BRAND NAMES carmot bo montionodl 

DIAMONDS 

2 o % 

WATCHES 

2 o % - 4 o % 

FASHION RINGS 

2 o % - 3 o % 

IAK GOtD JEWELRY 

2 o % - 3 o % 

CRYSTAL/CHINA 

2 o % - 5 o % 

SIIVIR 

2 o % - 3 3 % 

TSU ii th* rats you Save boon waiting fort Buy now for yourM lf and ip a o o l g i f t giving OC cottons wadding*, annuation**, birthday*. 

NI VV ACCOUNT INVlTfO 
Nt Vt# ANV INTttOS! <">• CABBriMO C HAAG! 
HON DAI ThAOjGh MC .VC, A- IO CK- t v IO 5 to r « 

2211 HOUSTON BT 
22* O f 7 

U . S . D . A , 
A 
CHOICE B EEF\ 
{Thrif-T-Pok 
* 
Blade Cut» 
| 
CHUCK 
STEAK 

AUSTEX 
BEEF STEW 

SAVE aa* 

Star-Kist 

SAVE 

1 7 * 
. LB. . 

SAVE 
I 5* LB 

SAVE 
*1.37 

M IU . 
Mayonnaise 
SGL O B E 

• 7134 SAN PEDRO 
• 246 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

EVERYDAY — 7 DAYS A WEEK 

OPEN M O N — SAT 7 A M -1 1 PM 
SU N D A Y S 9 A M -6 PM 

KRAFT 
MACARONI & 
CHEESE DINNER 

7'A OZ. BOX 

SOFT ’N PRETTY 

LIGHT CRUST 
FLOUR as LB. BAG 
$ o 2 9 

OO 
SAVE 
12- 

GLADE SOLID 
AIR FRESHENER 
SPRAY ’N VAC 
RUG CLEANER 
HUNT’S TOMATO 
KETCHUP 

BATHRO O M 
TISSUE 

4 ROIL FAM 

SA V E 
1o4 

STA-PUF 
FABRIC 
SOFTENER 

CONCENTRATE 

64 OZ. BU. 
$1 52 
I eg! 

6 OZ 

24 OZ. CAN 

14 OZ. BTL. 

4 
SAVE 
IO* 
69 SAVE 
144 
4 
SAVE 
24 

TOM SCOTT 
M IXED NUTS 
HUNT’S 
TOMATO SAUCE 
WELCH’S 
GRAPE JELLY 

15 OZ. CAN 

IO OZ. JAR 

4 SAVE 
3o4 

S A V E 8 5 4 

AUNT JEM IM A 

A S T R U P 

$ 
1 

 w/FREE 
I LB. BOX 
PANCAKE M IX 
36 OZ. BTL. 
TIDE 

LAUNDRY DETERGENT 
$1o9 

™ 
SAVE 3a< 

1o4 OFF LABEL 

49 OZ. BOX 

NEW STORE HOURS 

M O N — SAT 7 A M -11 PM; SU N D A Y 9 A M -6 P M 

EFFECTIVE FEB. 24, 1977 
SELECTED U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 

THRIF-T-PAK LEAN 
GROUND BEEF 

THRIF-T-PAK COUNTRY STYLE 
PORK RIBS 

BOSTON BUTT - BONELESS 
PORK ROAST 

THRIF-T-PAK 
PORK STEAK 

THRIF-T-PAK SLICED - FROZEN 
BEEF LIVER 
3 LBS. OR WORE— LB 

THRIF-T-PAK 
88' SHORT 
9 8 ' RIBS 

3 LBS. 
OR 
MORE 

THRIF-T-PAK 
89 QUARTER 
9 3 ' PORK LOIN 

O O I 
SLICED 
INTO 
CHOPS 

HORMEL TENDER 
CHUNKS 
OF 
HAM 

6»/4 OZ. CAN 

SAVE 6* 

CUDAHY’S BAR S 
DINNER SIZE 
FRANKS 

(Thrlf-T-Pak 
Boneless Lean) 
STEW 
MEAT 

1URKEY PARIS 
Wings or 
4% MB 4 
Drumsticks 
W 
W 
LUNCH MEATS 

] 5 
GLOVER’S BOLO, 
~ rn o o 
* I 
PAP, OLIVE, 
O r 
I 
SALAMI. COMBO. ifli Hps 

ROEGELEINS 
“* 7 8 * 
SMOKETS rn 
99* 
KRAFTS 
VELVEETA 

$ 
1 
7 9 

GARDEN-FRESH PRODUCE 

CRISP AND CRUNCHY 
CELLO 
CARROTS 

I LB. B A C 29 

FRESH BUNCHES 
U.S. - I 
GREEN 
RUSSET 
ONIONS 
POTATOES PEARS 4 us * 
oo 

^ 
I r n 
RICH IN VITAMIN C SUNKIST NAVEL 
BUNCH 15 

POTATO CHIPS 
PRINGLES 

9 -O Z . T W IN PA K 
4 

LIPTON 
ONION 
SOUP 
M IX 

2*4-OZ. BOX 

TANG 

 g e o v e r s c a i 
BACON ii 
I 

HORMEL1} 
Au LITTLE 
Y sizzlers hi 7 a 

U.S.D.A. INSPECTED fRESH POUITRT 
FRESH FRYER 
LIVERS OR GIZZARDS 

 fRESH spur 
FRYER 
BROILER 

55 
FRISKIES 

I 5-OZ. CAN 

CALIFORNIA ICEBERG HEADS 
LETTUCE 3 H»»s 

NATURALLY SWEET MEXICAN 
PINEAPPLE 

TART FLAVOR SUNKIST 
LEMONS 3 lM. * I oo 

SWEET AND CRUNCHY ANJOU 

ORANGES 4 

S A V t 
5 o 4 

S A V E 

1 3 ’ 
7 9 - 4 9 - 
SAVE IO ' 
GLOBE 
« 

_ _ _ _ . _ _ 
FLEISCHMANN S 
WESTPAC FROZEN 
ORANGE 
(ORN OIL 
DRINK 
MARGARINE 

 w/FRSE PITCHER 
27 OZ. 
I LB. CTN. QTRS. 

$ ’1 4 ® 66- 38 - s a v e 7 ’ 

S A V I 

1 9 ‘ 

CRINKLE CUT 
POTATOES 

2 LB. BAG 
< 
3 R 4 
414 
I 
7134 SAN PEDRO 
246 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

[WEBESffiVE THC 
BIGHT TO UMIP 
QUANTITIES. I 
IBICES EHECTIVt 
I HSU MAB. IST. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

S.A. group aids m oral grow th 

EL 
By LIZ SWEET 
The responsibility of provid­ i n g a moral education for chil- 
*;tlren has long been a tug-of-war 
•b etw een parents and teachers — 
- with the children landing in the 
Timid. m 
In a recent Gallop Poll, 79 per cent of 
* the participants believed teachers and 
■ schools should carry the burden of 
J moral education. 
* 
Schools, however, have been reluc- 
1 £ant t° wade into issues where they anight be forced to play umpire, ac­ cording to Dr. David Jacobson, head of 
J *4he American Institute for Character 
ESBducation in San Antonio. mw* Slowly and with much foot-dragging, 
J "however, schools have begun to sub- 
* merge their toes in the icy water of 
£ character education, according to Dr. 
* Jacobson. 
Z 
From that tentative awareness that 
Z something must be done, the American 
Institute for Character Education was established in 197o with financial help from the Department of Health, Edu- 
* cation and Welfare and the Bracken* 
* ridge Stone Foundation. 
Not religious 
% 
The institute, the first of its kind in 
2 the United States, is a non-profit or- 
* ganization which has poured thousands 
2 of dollars and years of research into 
«- the development of education program 
$ models for instructors to use in teaeh- 

Dr. David Jacobson ing basic character traits to students. 
Dr. Jacobson, who recently retired as Rabbi of the Temple Beth El after 38 years, was quick to point out that the models do not preach religious doc­ trine. 
What they do encourage is a concern for moral questions and issues. 
‘‘The thrust of the models is to get kids in an open and relaxed situation 

 and allow them to consider true-to-life dilemas,” Dr. Jacobson said. 
The methods developed include kits containing stories detailing problems or situations which occur in real life and which have no prepared solutions. 
Kits also contain filmstrips, records and posters. 
The institute hopes the classroom teacher will use these props to stimu­ late discussion and to aid children in solving the problems on their own. 
Some models draw from theories of psychologists who believe people fol­ low an evolutionary process towards ultimate understanding. 
Stimulate 
"The trick is to help the child keep moving toward a higher understanding so that he or she inevitably makes the good choice,’? Dr. Jacobson said. 
The highest state, he said, accepts a u n iv e rs a lis ts view and is not self seeking. To reach this step, the child must have help. 
Dr. Jacobson is enthusiastic about the m aterials and is convinced they work. 
"The programs are as specific for developing moral character as quinine is for malaria," Dr. Jacobson said. 
And many teachers and administra­ tors all over the country where the 
AICE programs have been used agree. 
In a letter to Dr. Jacobson, M G. 
Bowden, director of elementary edu­ cation for Austin Independent School 
District, said: 

“ I have known about the .MCP] cur­ riculum materials in character educa­ tion from their beginnings in San An­ tonio. These m a te ria ls have been painstakingly developed, tried out with children, and have, under the guidance of effective teachers, produced great results.” 
Dr. Ivan Fitzwater, superintendent of North East School District w here the materials also have been used, wrote: delighted’ 

“ We are delighted with the results 
(of the character education materials.) independent research and the over­ whelming thrust of teacher opinion convinces us the program is effective in building positive character traits in 
Children. 
Dr. Jacobson attributes the institute’s success in an area where others have failed to the practicality of its doctrines. "Where character edu­ cation has been tried, schools usually presented such rigid doctrines that kids were turned off. The presenters tended to lose credibility," he said. 
Dr. Jacobson stressed that the indi- 
• victual must make the proper moral choices from within himself. 
“ We are concerned with helping teachers help the kids get started making proper choices,” he said. 
The need for such direction, Dr. Ja ­ cobson added, is inherent in the times. 
“ Young people today are increas­ ingly aware that more options and opportunities confront them every day 

 of their lives. There is a new permis­ siveness. And the increasing wealth and leisure time provided by today’s society affords chances to fulfill these choices," Dr. Jacobson said. 
Although the institute itself has had a relatively short life span, the idea which gave it birth was spawned many years ago. 
Russell Hill, a San Antonian con­ cerned with what he believed to be a breakdown in traditional values, drew up his own concept of a “ Freedom 
Code” more than 5o years ago. 
Iii the code. Hill formulated stan­ dards for a "good” person which he eventually had printed on posters and 

 showed to friends in the school busi­ ness. 
One friend. Tom Fort wood, then with the San Antonio School District, was impressed and requested more copies for distribution. 
The posters detailing the Freedom 
Code were such a success that Hill eventually printed more than two mil­ lion copies at his own expense 
Hill’s materials attracted other San 
Antonians interested in providing a set of values for children and in 1943 the 
Children’s Fund — which later would become the institute — was established with a $1 million grant from the Eli 
Lilly endowment fund. 

CPA Leal made his own life 

By VERONICA SALAZAR 
Frank J. Leal grew up not knowing the value of an educa­ tion . He had no concept of what college would mean to him in the future. There were no role models he could follow. 
His father was just a provider. As an immigrant from Mexico he lacked fa­ miliarity with this country. Leal’s only brother, a laborer for a steel company, used to tell young Frank that “ drafts­ men worked u p sta irs, wore white shirts, and worked in air-conditioned offices." 
He recalls his brother often telling him to take care of his hands because one day he was going to be a drafts­ man. 
T hat was tin* only thing L eal’s brother could identify with so Frank went into vocational training when he entered Fox Tech. 
Dedicating three years of high school to draftsman training he was obligated 

DEDICATION REWARDED 

Frank J. Leal 

 to enter college on a GED test. Leal was an all "A ” student but that didn’t helped. He lacked the required courses to qualify him as a freshman in col­ lege. 
Because of his previous training he started in engineering. He was hit with courses he was not prepared for. He realized that if he continued in this field he wouldn’t be doing justice to himself so he changed careers. 
Frank remembered his mother al­ ways talking about her father in Mexi­ co who was an in d u stra list and a writer. “ She would tell us that she hoped that one day one of her children would follow our grandfather’s steps, go into the business world and better ourselves,” said Leal. 
Accounting 
So Leal went into business. He had heard that accounting was in demand at the time. He also recalled a teacher at Fox Tech telling him that he was a bright student and should pursue a college education. "He told me that he saw me in a position of leadership, running a business with a lot of peo­ ple” , he recalls. 
Now Leal, just 29 years old. owns his accounting firm. He is m anager of 
Frank J. Leal and Associates, Inc., certified public accoun tants, and manages a staff of 13. 
A native San Antonian, Leal was born to Jose S. and Consuelo A. Leal on 
Sept. 19, 1947. He was born on Comal 
Street, at an aunt's house, shortly after his p aren ts had im m ig ra te d from 
Mexico. He comes from a family of three girls and two boys, 
His first job was selling crocheted baby booties on Salado Street for his m other when he was eight. “ My m other would crochet them and I would sell them for $1 a pair and I would accept whatever she would give 

 me in return for my efforts,” he re­ calls. 
Since he was not able to rely on his parents for school money, he worked at different jobs while attending school. 
In the summer there were times when he would hold two jobs. 
After graduating from Fox Tech he enrolled at San Antonio College. Two years later he transferred to St. Mary’s 
University where he graduated cum laude in 197o, obtaining a bachelor’s degree in business administration.- 

Exxon 
Towards the end of his senior year 
Leal was interviewed by recruiters and was offered a job with Humble Oil 
(Exxon) in Houston. He didn’t want to leave San Antonio but the glamour of a big company pushed him to go. 
Leal graduated on a Sunday and started working at 8 a.m. next day as an accountant in the exploration and production departm ent. He was the only Mexican-American in the depart­ ment at the time. He worked there 13 months. 
In June of 1971 he returned to San 
Antonio and started working with a local public accountant firm. In 1973 
Leal went to work for himself. 
Leal believes the Mexican-American 

 will continue to demonstrate improve­ ment with respect to social, education and economic standards. 
“ This involvement has generated increased responsiveness within our society to improve conditions for the 
Mexican-American,” he says. 
Examples 
He cites examples such as bilingual education, business assistance to small businesses, availability of more col­ lege scholarships and loans, and the affirmative action program s in em ­ ployment. He adds that the Mexican- 
American has as a result achieved certain levels that have never before been attained in our society. 
Leal’s advice for today’s youth is to seek counseling and carefully plan an education; become involved politically at all levels; and obtain self confidence and a positive attitude about one’s ca­ pacity to excel and to fully recognize and respect one’s identity. 
Me is a mem ber of the American 
Institute of CPAs; American Associa­ tion of Spanish Speaking CPAs; Texas 
Society of CPAs; A rchbishop’s Ad­ visory Council of the Roman Catholic 
Archdiocese of San Antonio; serves on the board of the San Antonio Business 
Resource Center, and on the adm is­ sions and allocations com m ittee of 
United Way. 
Leal is married to the former Norma 
De Los Santos and they have four chil* 
‘ dren. 
ENERGY 

Continued from Page III 
Earth’s shadow . 
N aturally , th e re is some question as to the possible d an g ers of beam s of concentrated m icrow aves passing 

 but it doesn’t seem to be too extravagant a hope to suppose that such danger can be m inim ized and made endurable. 
It is not likely to be a more serious danger than 

LOTS M O RE BARG AINS. 
C O M E SEE! 

REG. 2o.95 
16.99 

REG. 28.95 
21.99 
SALE OF 

6842 SAN PEDRO iiNPAimi) 
FURNITURE 
COMPANY 

REG. 21.95 
17.99 
J 

142 S.E. MILITARY 
HARDWOOD CHAIRS 

REG, 19 95 
13.99 

15.99 

 through the atmosphere the air pollution that re­ sults from burning coal and oil, or the radioactive pollution that threatens us in our use of nuclear fission. 
Advantages 
There are three main advantages arising out of such energy from space: 
First, a great deal of energy can be obtained this way. If we build en­ ough stations, there will be ample energy to sup­ ply ail our reasonable needs. Naturally, forms of earthbound energy sources will continue to be used where these are locally convenient. 
Second, for the first time in history, there will be a source of energy that is not bound to geo­ graphy. It will come from beyond Earth and will therefore belong to the entire planet. 
Since all nations will have an equal interest in maintaining and reaping this energy source, and since all nations will want a proportionate claim to it and will therefore labor to coo­ perate in its construe* tion, the stations may represent a common goal of utm ost im portance that may help to unite ail hum ankind. It may do more than anything else to end the tragedy of war. 
Third, it will eliminate other energy sources which are polluting in one form or another and will replace it with an energy source that pos­ sesses zero chemical pol­ lution. 
The microwaves them­ selves are a form of ra­ diation pollution, but they cannot possibly be us dangerous as that which might arise from nuclear fission, for in* sl atlee, 
There will Ik* a certain amount of thermal (heat) pollution, since the Earth will receive energy over and above what it re- 

18.99 

OUR STOOLS ARE ON SALI, TOO! 

M icrowave ««• lei Ii ten ct} ult! replace nuclear power plants 

 ceives naturally from the sun. Still such thermal 
E llution is very likely to 
1 less than that pro ­ duced by burning coal and oil or by conducting nuclear reactions. 
Of course, there is no question but that the ex­ pense of building the space power station! will run into tens of billions of dollars, Can we afford this? 
Can we afford NOT to do it when the stations may offer us the best chance of an energy source large enough and safe enough to make it possible for civilization to continue? 
Besides, the expense may not be as great as it sounds. If the space power stations are pro­ duced by all nations in cooperation, that expense wili be spread out and the 
United States may not need to contribute more than half 
If that should come to pass and if the danger of war were consequently to recede, the possibility of gradu al d isa rm a m e n t would become g reater. 
At present, the E a rth ’s nations spend a total of 
13oo billion a y ear on their military machines. 
A small part of this in te rm s of money, m a n ­ power and m aterial re- sources would suffice to build the power stations, and a rm a m e n t cuts 
Im*yond that could supply am ple resources for a variety of humanitarian goals, 
Earth s resources can further be saved if the moon itself is used as a source for construction materials. 
In short, far from be­ ing an expensf. spat e is likely to offer the grea­ test profits humanity has e v e r. experienced. 
\IO\lL4\ I \ Tilt: 
AW t*HtCSHi 
Industry m urks a ti**u rri utufm n 

Q: Which is faster, whippet". or rabbit? 

A: The hound, at 
35.5o miles per hour, is faster than the hare at 35 mph even. 
For more fast facts on animals (some vegetables and plenty of minerals), pick up your copy of the 
1977 World Almanac 
—the information bargain of the year. 

Q:How deep is; the ^ 
(Pacific) 
Ocean? 

A: 36,198 feet at the deepest spot. 
For more facts on nature, animals, ecology and the environment, get your copy of The 1977 
World Almanac and 
Book of Facts—the fascinating and informaUve book with answers to nearly any question. Priced at only $3.25, it's the book bargain of the year. 

Q:How tall was 

M M * 
Miss 
Anteri 
1962? nca& 

A: Maria Fletcher was 
5'5HM. 
Interested in people? 
Award winners? 
Celebrities? The 1977 
World Almanac is packed with them. 
Get your copy of the new World AJmahac today. On sale at our public service counter, bookstores, news stands, supermarkets or wherever quality reading is sold. 

THE 
1977 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 
& BOOK 
WRI mum* tm 
OF FACTS 
$3.25 
\ I11 HJL. ls;n i f f i l l 
I i I 

 s i * 
I B t l sri i 

F r o m BULOVA 

 a new concept 

 in digital design 

I ’V o n i *6 9 .9 5 

B U LO V A captures the ultimate in advanced time technology and creative jewelry design in this new collection. 
L.E.D. 
Quartz Digital 
W atches 

IF 

FOR HER 

Slim in style with integrated case and band, each watch has a unique dial treatment . . . a metallized color pat­ tern that frames that read out screen and increases the clarity of the time display. 

But come, see for yourself how elegant a digital watch can be, And how well it performs. With one button control for six time functions. And an accuracy potential to within a minute a year. A beautiful watch . . . a beautiful buy. 

Texas Greatest OLw eto 

Convenient locotions 

Downtown 
South Fork Mali 

Wonderland 
Shopper* (tty Mall 

 v ■ 
Years ago 
O 
San Antonio Bank & Tm was founded by these progressive 
San Antonians 

 ys&i 

Dr. Ferninand Herff 
George W . Brackenridge 
Charles Hugo 
Frans Groos 
A. B. Frank 
Ben A. Stribling 

George Kalteyer 
Herman D. Kampmann 
Thomas H. Franklin 
John A. Fraser 
W . Henermann 
T. C. Frost 
I 

N 1892 banks were prohibited by law from having Trust 
Departments. Thus, these progressive San Antonians, 

, many of whom were associated with their own banks, established the San Antonio Loan 6? Trust 
Co. to serve the Trust needs of South Texans. 
Today, the San Antonio Bank 6? Trust still has the most experienced Trust Department in South 
Texas. In addition, San Antonio Bank & Trust offers complete banking services for all of your financial needs. 
As in the past, you can continue to bank on us! 

 bb' •* 2 rn rn' afeiii 
. 
. 

1977: 
Our present home, the 
San Antonio 
Bank & Trust 
Building, 
711 Navarro. 

•A 
A * ,/ 
■w 
- - d r 
. 

San Antonio Bank 
Trust 

SAN ANTONIO BANK & TRUST BUILDING • 
711 NAVARRO • (512)227-5151 

M E M B E R 
E DI C 

/VXOfSTTGCWI/IE 

M O N T O O /l/l ERY, 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 2 7 1977 * 
Page 
I-J 

Misses casual dress group 

Regularly $13 

All misses & juniors jumpsuits reduced. 
Wards casual dress selection in­ cludes a fabulous array of plaids, stripes and more. Long and short sleeve styles. Easy care polyes­ ter/cotton, machine wash. Sizes 
1o-18. Hurry while hest selection 
Regularly $22-$35 

Jump into fashion with Wards great selection of one piece jumpsuits. 
Great for casual or dress wear. 
Assorted sizes, styles and colors. 

Pastel pizzazz. 
For your spring sewin carefree seersuckers. 

A yard 
Regular 2.49-2.99 
2o% off 
Little girls fancy no­ iron dress assortment 

See our collection of delectable novelties in fanciful stripes and softly patterned] pastels and white. Make your selection now for the cool, crisp look you want in dresses and sportswear. Polyester/cotton; 
44/4V’ wide. 

Stock up on easy-care acrylic yam for knitting 

Buy up armloads of your favorite colors in machine-wash, -dry skeins, 4 oz., 4 ply. 
1.29 Orlon * acrylic Say ell©* 
.................88* 
1.39 Dazzle * aire acrylic/nylon 
. . . . 98c 
' Itu Htutl Certifu aturn Stark 

Choose from a selection grou of frilly dresses trimmed in lace, bows and more. Pretty prints and solid pastels. 4-6X. 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY WHEN YOU CAN ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT? NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED 
Shopping value? Makes 
I TA VAI MIJ 

RANDOLPH PLAZA 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
7569 Highway 9o West 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at Walzem Roa J 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Many items in this section available at W ards Neighborhood Stores. 

2-PAY sale 

Tax form troubles? 

Let our income tax preparers help. 
Stop by—no appointment necessary- 

Call W ard. — U.e W ard. Charg-all 

It m a y lo o k v e ry little like it, but this is a skull id en tified a s “ B o d o m an,'” a p re -N e a n d e rth a ll sp e cie s of m an. 
Af* WIREPHOTO 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia - 
Bodo Man isn't much to look at 
— a lump of fossilized human skull, low-browed, with two gaping dark holes as eye sock­ ets. But he is about hail a m il­ lion to three quarters of a m il­ lion years old. 

To Jon Kalb, a 35-year-old Dallas geologist who heads a research team digging up fossils in a remote and in­ hospitable area of Ethiopia, his d is ­ covery last October is of major s i g ­ nificance in the slow process of piecing together the evolutionary history of early man 
Unique 
The owner of the skull, who belonged to the species homo erectus — the im ­ mediate ancestor of modern m an, is not the oldest specimen of his type to be discovered. More ancient but less com plete skulls have been found in n eig h b o rin g Kenya and in Tanzania further south in East Africa. 
Bodo man is unique, accord in g to 
Kalb, “ because although Louis Leakey 

Modo Man was a tool maker, and that's what is important 

 of Kenya found older hominid fossils, this is the first tim e this particular type of hum an has been found in association with abundant stone tools.” 
T his says Kalb, should allow his team of researchers, com posed of 16 scientists from six different American universities and graduate students from Addis Ababa University, to piece together something of “ Bodo Man’s ” lifestyle as he ambled around all those hundreds of thousands of years ago. 
“ He m a d e his c a m p n ex t to the water’s edge and killed anim als in the water like hippos and those that went down to the w a te r ’s e d g e , lik e a n ­ telope," says Kalb. “ He made his tools from nearby volcanic rock." 
Kalb also believes that the work his team is doing, using fossil rem ains to uncover the origins of man, will rival the discoveries of the late Dr Louis 
Leakey and his wife Mary in Olduvai 
Gorge northern Tanzania and those of their son Richard Leakey on the ea s­ 

 tern shore of Kenya’s Lake Turkana 
Kalb and 'his team have uncovered what he enthusiastically says “ is going to becom e without doubt one of the most important sites in the world in terms of early man and fossil tools.’’ 
Important 
It is in Ethiopia’s northeast Harrar province in the Bodo area — hen ce 
Bodo Man — inhabited by Afar tribes­ men who follow a precarious existence alternately battered by raging winds, torrential rains and appallingly high temperatures. 
Kalb sa y s that b e c a u s e of the geological structure of the area it con­ tains within one basin a sequence of fossil beds stretching back six million years — a historical period more than sp an n in g m a n ’s en tire to o lm a k in g culture. As far as is known this culture stretches back 2.5 million years. 
The team which has only been oper­ ating for the past 3U months, had col­ 

 lected an abundance of fossil tools, in addition to sections of fossilized e le ­ phants, hippos, horses, rhinos, gir- affes> pigs, rodents, reptiles and fish — all of them of types long extin ct — before Dodo Man. the prize of the col­ lection was spotted. 
Molar 
Alemayehu Asfar, from E th iop ia’s 
Ministry of Culture, Sports and Youth. who is the g o v e r n m e n t ’s o ffic ia l representative working with the m is­ sion, had previously made a significant contribution on the day of Bodo M an’s discovery, by picking up a fossilized baboon molar from the ground. 
He handed it to paleontologist Dr. 
Charles Smart, of Princeton Universi­ ty. 
As Smart was inspecting it only a few ya rd s from the b a s e c a m p . 
Alemayehu turned round to spot the lower section of Bodo Man’s skull lying on the ground, partly hidden by som e grass. 
Ile bent down, picked up the skull section and handing it to Smart, said 
“ Oh. what’s this.'' 

'3o off. 

Drafted by the federal 
Ellery Administration, it is part of a p ack age of em erg en cy cont ingeney p la n s that co u ld he implement**] i i i the fate of a new Arab oil boycott 
The plans arc required by the 15*75 Energ> V t 
As designed by the I- decal E n erg y A d m in is ­ tration. the com plex na­ tional system is designed to cut an n u a l g a s o lin e consumption an estim a t­ ed 21 per cent through the use of coupons aud gas ration credits 
$1.9 billion 

To su p e r v ise I he s\ s- tern, F E A fo r e s e e s the need for an S7.(MM*-person workforce, 4tUMM) coupon distribution sites and an annual Isl ft billion cost 
They system would be fin a n c e d by a 
2 3 -c e n ts-p e r -g a llo n in ­ crease i i i the cost of each gallon of gas 
Under the 1975 energy law . the contingent mis rationing sn ste m could not be implemented h\ a 
P r e sid e n t w ith ou t s p e c ific co n g ressio n a l I approx al 
The plan e s t a b lis h e s five ca teg ories of g a s o ­ line u sers — th ree for government and private concerns and two for in­ dividuals 
Each individual with a driver’s license would be allocated eight fiv e-ga l­ lon ration co u p o n s lor each ration period. The ration period is expected to lie a mouth hut could be five or six weeks, de­ pending upon the s e v e n ­ ty of the shortage 

I, as coupons could be traded like money 

Individuals with hard­ sh ip s — su ch as b ein g handicapped, or in need of gas for com m uting — would apply for added hardship coupons to be distributed by sp ecially j estab lish ed local ration 1 boards. 
Gov e m in en t. industry aud com m ercial vehicle u sers wooh! gel I -it ion c r e d it s , no! co u p o n s which I EA would deposit each m onth al a d e s i g ­ nated com m ercial hank, suv m g s and loan a s o ­ cial ion or credit union 
T h e c o m m e r c ia l user would then draw from Ins cred it balan ce through the use of a c h e c k in g system 
Allotments 

C o m m e r c ia l allot- ments would he based on norm a I u sa g e . G o v er n ­ m ent, m a ss transit and food producers would get all they need. A second j c a teg o ry in clu d in g s p e ­ c ia l serv ic e s . su ch as j sanitary system s aud en orgy d istributors would g e t th e ir a v e r a g e past u sage. Ut her non essen* j 
Dal firms would get gas equivalent to 1*o per cent J of past consumption. 
Gasoline could be sold : on ly in fiv e -g a llo n lots I and only to p u r c h a se r s I who had either coupons ; or ration credits. 
Under the p la n , the selling or free trading of I 

 lirst poof: the 
Setnite ropy 

 w a s l<>st 

 c o u p o n s .md c r e d i t - bv 
I hose v* Im d i d not n e e d 
(tic u u m u n l a ll o c a t e d to t h e m w o u l d b r 
Ih r m i l t cd 
It w as c s t i- n tat cd tlial th e \ aine of a five-g all on coupon could r is e a s h ig h as $5.25 ba s e d on c u r r e n t u s a g e 
The EEA said ll would audit the r e fin e r s and importers aud Hie rest of the s y s te m w ould be 
“ se ll-enforcing ” 
The con tin gen cy plan has soiiu* r e s e r v e g a s supplies built into it 
A hardship reserve totaling 
3 per cent of supplies w as to hr available, and tile 
FEA itself was to m ain­ tain a “ National Hat ion 
R e s e r v e " that w ould eq u al one per cent of supplies 
Since driver's licenses would l»" lh*’ key lo get- 
I m g \ a llia b le g a s c o u ­ pons the FE \ expected a rush on m otor v e h ic le bureaus mvnlv Pig almost 
15 million presently unli­ censed drivers 
First foulup 

The first foulup in tin proposed ration in g s y s ­ tem has a lre a d y taken place 
Tile con tingen cy plan was supposed to he deli­ v ered to C o n g r e ss by 
J u n e 1976 it w as d i s ­ p a tch ed to 
H ouse 
Speaker Thomas O'Neill. 
D-Ma>s . the day heinie the I arter inauguration 
I he SeiiaD co p v, sup- posedlv sent out the sam e d ay. n ev er has been found. “ It apparently got to \ ice President Burke- feller while he was univ. mg out.” and aide to Sen 
Henry Jackson, D*VVash . chairm an of the Senate 
Interior Com m ittee said 
Friday. 
SELL air 
NOW 

You TI be amazed at the bargains you find in the Want Ads! 

Call 225-1666 

W ARD S CHAKG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP IN CREA SE YOUK V AM ILY ’S BUYING POW ER W H Y NOT COM E APPLY KOR AN ACCOUNT? 
Man-sized value? It’s here. 

Ford gas plan sent 
Congress 

 w a s h i n g t o n p o s t se rvice 

WASHINGTON — A detailed contingency plan for establishing a national g a s ration­ ing s y s t e m w a s sent to C o n g r e s s by the 
Ford A dm inistration the day before P re s i­ dent C arter took office. 

Save 3.o1 
W hat’, new in shirts? 
Our woven styles in crisp, neat patterns. 
99 

R eg u la rly $ 8 

I t s the look that m akes an impression. 
H uh tones on stay-n eat polyester co t­ ton. 
M oderately tapered.too, for a sm oother lit. Long point collar; 2-butt- on adjustable coifs; long sleeves; chest pocket. Sizes I J .-17. 

Save 44% 
Boys’ fancy knit shirts with new designs. 

REGULAR 6 99 

Mull. trim knits iuok so good in desigiM-r like print* 
I*o nt Po i or d m * wear K.i»v a .or pol.x osier or n> loll att I alc Mend. Hues IU-JU 

27% savings. 

Mens vested gaberdine- stitch suits 

W ide array of solid tones. 

Soft moc toe is rich look in m en’s leather slip-on. 
*18 
REGULAR $25 

I he style is casual, the look is rich, the comfort is real. Flexible slip-ons have hid­ den elastic gores for good lit and comfort. 
M an-m ade soles, heels. U T ' - l l . 12, 

Regularly *8o 

Our best selling solid color vested suits — and no wonder! T hey’ve got it all . . . the look, the feel and now, more than ever, the price. Pick from latest trend-setting models. All of luxury- smooth, wrinkle-free po lest er doubleknit gabardine. Large selection of fashion tones. 
Regulars 36-46; longs 38-16. A great suit, a great price! 

/ V \ O X I ( i ( )/V A F R * 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 27 1977 

M oscow’s defenses are nearly invisible 

ASSOCIATED p r is s 
MOSCOW - The 
Soviet Union has a vast civil defen se program, at least on paper, but to the naked eye of the outsider there are no apparent signs that this country is hea­ vily preparing its people against a nu­ clear attack. 
Some western military and intelligence sources recently have claim ed that Russia has a m as­ sive civil defense pro­ gram — costing as much 

Could a nation, even one as se­ cretive as the Soviet Union, hide a civil defense program entailing large-scale construction and thor­ ough public indoctrination? An AP 

 a* $B billion a year — in­ cluding bomb sheller construction, re in fo r­ cement of bunkers and buildings, buried utility lines, underground food reserves and stepped-up public drills 
Support for these claim s presum ably comes mostly from reconnaisanee satellites. 
Western m ilitary a t ­ taches here can point to 

 little evidence of either construction or public awareness about large- scale civil defense in 
Moscow and other major cities open to them. 
A growing debate in the West, particularly tin' 
United States, about the extent of Soviet civil defense preparations has fostered an ominous theory that heightened defense is really the 

M B R 
' 
TU r f ! 
Moscow citizens often soy th e y w ould use this subw ay corridor and others like it fo r shelter in case o f nuclear atta c k . But th e re a re fe w real signs o f civil defense preparation in the Soviet cap ital. 
_______________________________________ 
AP WIREPHOTO 

2-DAY SALE I 
Save 25% on all our custom fabrics 

Drapery, slipcover, and bedspread fabrics at fantastic reductions. 

You get EV ERY TH IN G th a t’s needed to give your windows beautiful custom-made draperies at big sav­ ings now. Our decorator will visit you with swatches. 
Choose from select group of color/fabric combinations. 
We’ll take measurements, advise you and give a free estimate. Our expert craftsmen will do the rest. Top treatment labor and installation at regular prices. 

Call 654-2373 for W ards Custom 
Shop-at-Home decorating service. 

Reg. 1o.99 square yard 

 o n v i l o n . 
S o fte n e v e ry »tep, U te o u r 
O m .lo n t a rp e t r tjd iio n 

Shop at Home 
Call for free estim ate on ca rp et' " installation. 
Vt 
MCCRELESS 
........... 654-2572 I 
WINDSOR PARK 
. 654-2272 g 
WONDERLAND 
. . 654-2372 U 
W e carry these fib e r b ra n d .. 

Jew elry en larg ed 

25% off upholstery fabrics. 

S IM IL A R T O 
SIPLES 
S H O W N 
2o% off 
Let W ards expert craftsmen reuphol­ ster your furniture 
Our decorator will bring you swatches, give a free estimate. 
We rebuild from in­ side out. Labor at regular price. Call ua 

All our L e G a n tdiamonds in stock 

Choose from a beautiful selection of rings, pendants, earrings tnt ft Mf ’tam rn and more, set in 14k white or yellow gold. Our skillfully cut, 
I 
«. individually color-selected diamonds reflect more than 1o4 
7 years of Wards integrity. Each comes with a weight/quality 
***—. certificate and lifetime trade-in privilege. Lay-away plan; IO L down; balance in IO equal payments. 
.. 

Save *24 

Magical rain lamp in swag style. 
W ards catalog overstock draperies 
Regularly 69.99 

Rain effect created by drop* of m ineral oil a h i m m e r i n g f r o m strands of nylon illu­ m inated from above. se 'a . j i " i. 1 up 4 5 * 9 

SAVE *4 
Choose from a great acier! ion of colors, style* and fabrics to highlight any room. Some machine wash and dry, need no ironing. Some lined, home unlined, some have foam barks bring your window measurement* to Wards and save. 
3.99 tufted chair pad 
............ 2.99 

WARDS 12oo-WATT* PRO DRYER 
4 h e a l s e t t i n g s , 2 fan 
^ speed* Concentrator tip g j 
Long-life AC motor 
JE n j 
Regularly 2o.99 

C atalog-O veraiock Bedspread 
Pretty style* in choice — 
^ ^ of pattern and color Some Cf 
%/y are fully quilted. 
J y 
/ ( J 
I 
Reg. prices 
Eyes have it 
LeRoy, top, and Nicole, probably two of the most pampered Tarsier primates in 
FROM COOKWARE TO CURTAINS TO CARPETING—CHARGE IT ALL TO YOUR WARDS CH ARGALL ACCOUNT 
Well make you feel at home, 

 captivity, sit stubbornly in their cage at 
Chicago's Brookfield Zoo. Zoo officials want the two to mate but LeRoy and 
Nicole so far haven't been cooperative. 

A? WlRtfHQTQ 

Winter is cruel for 
IVA“IW S 2-DAY SALE 
$5o savings 

 eat bank heist: 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday february 27 1977 

France's biggest bank robbery came on a quiet weekend last summer in Nice as a gang worked methodically through a city sewer. The alleged ringleader and others have been caught and the 

 case partially broken. New infor­ mation made available to re­ porters shows that, ironically, the police knew a big robbery was coming but couldn t do anything about it. 

ASSO CIATED p r e s s 
NICE, France — It came as no surprise to 
French police when a gang of 
“ sewer rats” tunneled into the sa­ fety deposit vault of a 
Nice bank last July and got away with an estimated $1o million in jewelry, cash and gold bars. 
The police had known for more than a month that something big like that would happen. 
“ U nfortunately we couldn't find out where and when it would come,” said Police Com­ m issioner 
Albert 
Mourey. 
.Six men and two* women are in jail in con­ 

 nection with what police have described as the biggest bank robbery in 
French history. They in­ clude the confessed mas­ term ind, 
45-year-old one-time paratroop ser­ geant Albert Spaggiari. 
At least 15 members of the gang are still on the run. Three alleged minor participants arc free on bail, pending the trial, not expected to begin before 1979. 
So close 
If Spaggiari, a rig ht­ wing activist and former m em ber of the illegal 

Secret 
Army 
Organization, had known how close the police came to his tracks during the two-month, pre-oper- ational stage of the rob­ bery, he would probably have given up the whole idea. 
It was not the planning that was at fault, it was the execution. Spaggiar- i’s attorney, Jacques 
Peyrat, described him as 
“a great general who put too much faith in poorly disciplined troops.” 
Peyrat said Spaggiari accepts full responsibili­ 

 ty for conceiving, plan­ ning and leading the break-in and is prepared to pay the penalty. 
No one has yet located any part of his huge share of the loot. Peyrat said Spaggiari handed over “every last cent” to a previously unheard-of rightwing underground movement named “ La 
C atena” (The Chain). 
Police 
Com m issioner 
Mourey said he is con­ vinced Spaggiari stashed away millions of dollars in secret bank accounts or safe deposits a n y ­ 

 where between the Ba­ hamas and Hung Kong. 

Spaggiari faces a max­ imum sentence of 2o years in prison — sub­ stantially less if Peyrat can influence the jury with his plea of “ political idealism.” Spaggiari can expect to be released for good conduct after serv­ ing one third of his sen­ tence. 
Audacity 
The robbery was c a r­ ried out with what Mour­ ey called "the most ex­ traordinary audacity and m ilitary precisio n .” 
From the sewer system, w here they moved about in cross-country vehicles and rubber boats, the thieves tunneled 3o feet through earth, rock, con- 
See GOLDEN, next page 

A lbert Sp aggiari, 45, center, is escorted by Nice, France, police into police headquarters last O ctob e r afte r the form e r p aratroop se rge an t w a s arrested as the suspected m asterm ind of the “ se w e r ra ts’1 w h o tunneled into a Nice bank and go t a w a y w ith ab o u t $ 1 o m illion in jew els, cash and go ld bars. 

 anim als 

A SSO CIATED PRESS 
This winter’s crazy weather actually has been kind to some birds and beasts, while cruel to many others. 

What with warmth and drought in the Pacific 
Northwest, hitter cold in the Midwest, and ice and snow in the Middle At­ lantic states, wildlife over most of the country has had to cope with ex­ tremes. Vet some experts are not so pessim istic about long-term p ro­ spects as laymen who pick up dead birds, or see flocks of starving water­ fowl. 
Fish and Wildlife Ser­ vice biologists agree in general that the unusual weather will have an im ­ pact on next year’s hunt­ ing, fishing and bird watching, but they aren't ready to predict just how, or label the w inter 
"good” or “ bad." 
Ducks 
D isaster is most ob­ vious am ong storm - stricken ducks and gees** barred from normal fond supplies by ice. The sick, the weak and the slow adjusters fall first, leav­ ing the fittest to survive 
Many bird s and a n ­ imals are well adapted to cold, others have re ­ treated farth e r south than usual. Even hard-hit species may rebound next su m m er because there will bt* less compe­ tition on the breeding grounds. 
A mild season in Alas­ ka is believed to have in­ sured a higher survival rate for elk and caribou calves, which iii turn means a likely increase in the number of wolves. 
Robert C, Boardman of the National Audubon 
Society says that the ex­ tra waterfowl deploying on southern m arshes doubtless found that others got there first, creating competition for available food. 
"But a good breeding season will restore their numbers.” he says. 
Grain- 
The grain and bread that kind-hearted people spread for hungry ducks and geese may be a mixed blessing. If a bird is emaciated. Boardman says, mouldy bread or even good grain not on its usual menu may do it harm. Or if it has lead shot in Us gullet, a mix of lead and corn can be fa­ tal. 
Even before the winter started, a small goose, the brant, was in trouble because the eel g r a s s that its staff of life has been disease stricken in recent years. Even if it learns to take handouts, it may not thrive on an artificial diet. 

Brighten up your living room with our modern style sofa. 

Redecorating? Let Wards help with our attractive modern sofa group. Lively zigzag pat­ tern olefin upholstery. Reversi­ ble seat cushions add to chang­ ing convenience plus long durability. Easy care fabric gives quality and comfort. 

299.99 matching loveseat 
249.88 
179.99 matching chair . .. 149.8829988 

REGULAR 349.99 

Deer must fear deep snow , Ice and farm dogs 

There isn t much peo­ ple can do to help the hungry. Boardman adds, except cont mue to put out food for small birds if they have been doing that right along. The Fish and 
Wildlife Service agrees that man should not try to help except in rases of extreme need. As an or­ nithologist once wrote. 
"Wildlife faces an en­ ergy crisis every winter, yet manages to cope. The strong survive and the species adapts." 
Hawks 
An ornithologist at the 
American Museum of 
Natural History, Boger 
Pasquier, reports that many hawks hav e been flying farther south than usual because of scarci­ ties of ra b b its anti rodents on which they feed. 
They say that bears in 
Alaska, awakened early from hibernation, are on the prowl for scarce food 
Wet snows anti avalanches have driven moose to the lowlands where they fatten on am ­ ple browse. Rainbow trout are m igrating farther inland than ever before, with unknown re­ sults 
Drought is hampering 
Hie spawning of salmon and steelhead trout, as will lie evident when this year’s meager hatch re­ turns from the sea. Game fish in the Great Lakes and midwestern rivers are smothering beneath the ice, but fish in deep 
New England lakes are not affected, 
Hard frosts that kill dormant insects may hurt songbirds in the spring. Deer herds are being dimtnis cd by belly-deep snow, sharp crust ice and farm dogs, but then the limiting of deer populations is a problem in some locali­ ties. How drought and changing wind patterns will affect waterfowl and shore bird breeding in the Midwest and in the 
Arctic rem ains to be seen. 

Save $8o 
Colonial style sofa sleeper 
45988 

REGULAR 539 99 

W ards lovely patchwork p a t­ terned sofa sleeper adds beauty to any home. Box pleated skirt, solid wood wing and arm trim . 
Harvest russet color 

SAVE *1o 
MEDITERRANEAN DESIGN TABLES 

Pecan gra in e d v m \ I ve- 
^ ncer over wood product- 
«r a a o 

Regularly 49 99 
C leans with a dam p cloth 

Save *5o 
Contemporary 
Rec Una-Rocker 
239 88 

Regularly 289 99 

Enjoy LaZ-Boy* m ul­ ti-position relaxation. 
S ty le d for to d ay in care-free Scotehgard“ treated nylon. 

Spring action e«lg« 
.Itet i timer sup port; prevent sag 
Polyurethane foam insulation combines cushioned comfort with resilient support 

Equally .spaceit coils distribute body weight evenly 

Support foundation insulated with urethane foam and felt for firmm-r dura-frhslf 
Ticking ir*o,«a tor h y g ien e d a e n k n M * 
*4o off. 
Relaxing luxury-firm bedding. 
6988 

Full innerspring, reg. 139.95 ea. pc. 
. 89.88 
Queen-size 2-pc. set*, reg. 349.95 . .219.88 
King-size 3-pc. set*, reg. 469.95 
. . . 349.88 

• urethane foam 
KcfuUrly HS SS 
TWin n i e innerspring m allrsa* or foundation 

The parsons look. $7o off 

36x48" table extends to 6o with 12 ’ leaf. Handsome 
4"% O O oak parquet top in plastic laminate, mitered chrome 
M 
C r O legs. Matching chairs have wrap-over button-tufted 
^W J E C backs, box seats in rich vinyl; chromed frames. w w 

Save $1oo 
W ards 5-pc. French 
Provencial dining set. 
88 
Cherry finish on engraved wood products, selected hardwoods and sim ulated wood components. 
A uthen­ tically detailed cabriole legs 
299.99 matching china, 229.88 
$55 matching arm chair, 44.88249 
REG. 349.99 

FROM COOKWARE TO CURTAINS TO CARPETING— CHARGE IT A LL TO YOUR W ARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 
W e’ll make you feel at home. rTll 
D u cks su ffer m o st d u rin g b itte rly cold w inters 

 sewer 

Continued from previous page crete arid steel into the vaults of the Societe 
Generate branch bank In 
Nice. O perating u n d is ­ turbed th roughout the w eekend of last Ju ly 
16-17, they opened some 
35o deposit, boxes and got away with at least 3o million francs ($1o mil­ lion) worth of loot 
While in the vault, they rigged up their own elec­ tric power sup p ly , air conditioning' and a “ field k it c h e n . ’" Police later found more than two tons of equipment scattered about the vault and the sewers. P o r n o g r a p h ic photographs from one of the deposit boxes were pinned on the walls. 
Before leaving, the rob­ bers scrawled a message to the -police: “ Without hatred, without arms and 

 without violence.” 
Peyrat said he intends tit use this message at the trial to plead extenuating circumstances. 
Before dawn on Oct. 26. police swooped on scores of suspects throughout 
F ra n c e and 
Corsica. 
Most of them were soon released Spaggiari was quietly picked up in cafe in Nice 34 hours later. 
Police officers claim he quickly gave them a full account of the operation 
“ with a smile and a cer­ tain pride” but refused to name tile members of his specially recruited gang or the leaders of “ La Ca­ tena.” 
No proof 
Mourey, who heads the 
Nice branch of the Police 
Ju d ic ia ire — F r a n c e ’s equivalent of the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation, 

II e V e e x p e c t i n g s o m e g i r l s f o r a sex / f o r t y ' 

 said S paggiari figured high on his list of s u ­ spects the very morning the ro b b e ry was d i s ­ covered. But there was no proof 
The first item of con­ crete evidence in the file is dated J u n e ll, 1976, m ore than a m onth before the Nice robbery. 
A police patrol in 
N ice’s fashionable 
California d istric t o b ­ served two men carrying heavy suitcases through the streets shortly after midnight. 
The men were taken to the police station where it was determ in ed that both were ex-convicts specializing in b u r g la r ­ 

 ies. Their suitcases con­ tained heavy d rillin g equipment. The men had no satisfactory explana­ tion. but since there was no crime to charge them with, they were released the sa m e day — with th eir e q u i p m e n t 
But their names stayed in the police files. 
5 men 
On July 9, residents iii 
Plan du Var, a Village in the hills ‘JO miles north of 
Nice, te lephoned the local police station to report that a g ro u p of strangers seemed to have occupied a n e i g h b o r's villa. 
The gendarm es found five m en, all with 

 criminal records, living it up iii t h e villa belong­ ing to a Lyon ihdus- trialist. 
"Like seasoned small­ time i rooks, they all put their hands up when they saw us c o m i n g , ” G e n ­ d a r m e P ie r re Doufour reported later. But the gendarmes had no search w arra n t, and could do nothing but verify that the men were in the v ilia. 
One of the m en, 
Dominique Poggi, a Cor­ sican m e m b e r of the 
Marseille u n d e rw o rld , v\ as quoted as saying 
“ We’re expecting some girls for a sex p a r t y . ” 
The owner of a nearby restaurant had lent him the key of the villa for that purpose, Poggi said 
The restaurant owner, guardian of tin' villa in the proprietors’ absence, confirm e d the story. 

 police said, and the gen­ darmes went home. The next morning, tile house was empty. 
“ We know that it was originally intended as the operations headquarters for tin' robbery," Mourey said 
At the time, the g e n ­ d a r m e s noted all the names — and the regis­ tration number of a car parked outside. 
The car belonged to a girl jailed in Avignon fo» fraud. Before going to prison, she had left the car wlib her sister. 
Girl 
The police followed that trail after the rob­ bery The sister then said she had lent the car to a friend. 
Henri 
Miehellueei 
Henri’s elder brother 
Daniel, 34, was one of the 

French police technicians clam ber into sew er opposite 
Societe G en eral Bank in Nice as they fo llo w tracks o f 
“ sew er ra t” thieves last sum m er. 

 gangsters iii the indus­ t r i a l i s t ’s P lan du Var 
\ ilia on July 9 lie had a long police record and an even longer string of girl friends. One of them was 
Marte-Francoise Astolfi, 
5o% off*! Save $4 

Interior latex or semi-gloss 
Your choice 

Call your nearest W ards store today for free estimate; no obligation. 

W onderland Mall 
........... . 654-2 3 8 8 

M cCreless Mall 
.............. . 654-2588 

W indsor Park Mall 
. . . . 654-2288 

Power safety reverse ease* 
» operation 
*6o, savings. 

Dig in with Wards rugged 5-hp tiller. 
23988 
Sold last year for 299.99 

% 
Dependable Briggs & Stratton engine provides power to te.ir through bord ground Sixteen 
I I hi eel tines adjust to I‘J ”, 
•JU , or 
" w ide furrow> Hug­ ged cast-iron gear case with precision roller bearings 

Per 
Gallon 

Regularly 11.99 gallon 

O ne-coat “ Acrylic Latex 3 o ” 

Exterior latex flat. JO fast-drying colors. Blister-resistant finish. Soap aud water clean-up 

One-coat “ Great Coat” 

KMM olm* ‘‘Great C o a t ’’ dries to a soft sheen that last.-'. Use soapy water for fast, easy elean-ups. 
Save $8o 

23JOOO-BTU 
“5oo”central airconditioning. 

$ 

Mod* I t SSO 

& A H L ,. 
Save *2o 

A 3* 2-hp, 2 o r o t a r y m o w e r . 
99 
8 8 

REG. 119 99 

Twin-baffled steel dick. auto i hoke, 5 adjust able cutting hts 
G n u catcher, reg. low 
, , 19.99 

 b 3* 2-hp, 2o rear-bagger. 

$ C l 
Holds your purchase 
O on layaway until May. 

*1o HOLDS PU R C H A SE OVER ‘2oo 
14988 

REC. 169.99 

Convenient r» ar-discharge de* k 

I* I 
\u U niuw ,H o u n d ob»ta> ll* 
5 > titling bi - Lutcher included 

Phone for free estim ate — 
Windsor Park 
.............654-2281 
McCreless 
. . . . . . . . . 654-2581 
Wonderland ................654-2381 

Expert installation available at Wards. 

399 

REGULARLY $479 

Invest in central air conditioning now and enjoy cool summer com­ fort Pressure safety controls to prevent damage from abnormal operating conditions. Filter drier assures a clean, drv system. 
28.ooo-B n j unit. re*. 9559 
. . $479 
33.ooo-BT U unit. r*R. $619 
.. $539 

Save 4.6o pair our aluminum wind- braced turbo vents 

8 8 
2 for 6 2 installed* 
Regularly 2 for 6 7 .4 8 

Wards U turban Miinlytur i wind driven .-o ii uses ini eo**rgv lo ci*el vour uti I* c|M' c 
Brei Hut* i,tjndi,iii*«f tun dam age troll i lack of ven t Ila I ion ls*peti* da bk* towel ' |*< l#**anng 
\d in t .!• * b a ­ lu - mo*# roof pit* Ii***' 
*On •v.-ragc walkable, on* Mary roof in 
San Antonio. 

JU, an a t t r a c t i v e law s c h o o l g r a d u a t e and 
(laughter of a r eti re d policeman 
Soon after the robbery, police interviewed Ma- rie-F ra n e o ise . 
She refused to talk But a de­ lect ive leafed th ro u g h her diary and found en* 
I n o s show lug that she had wept bitto r te a rs b e c a u s e Daniel Micliel- 
1 i n c i had taken another girl on a “ business trip” to Brussels, Belgium 
\\ itll that information, 
Belgian police set a trap for M iehellu eei at the 
Brussels bank where, ac­ cording to the diary, he had stashed away about 
$16o,oo1) worth of cash and gold iii a safe deposit box 
The c o n t e n t s of 
Daniel’s box remains the only substantial part of the loot recovered thus far. according to police. 
Daniel was arrested and ex tra d ite d to F r a n c e , together with his new girl friend, blonde Michele 
Ceuglio 

Jail 

Now Marte-Francoiso aud Michele are in the same jail, both charged with in d ire ct invol- 
\e m en t in the co n s p ir ­ acy. 
Also awaiting trial hut free on bail since Feb. K i s Helene Cruebendeau, the girl friend of one of the men still m is sing. 
She is c h a r g e d with receiving stolen goods 
Poggi, who told police of the “ sex p a r t y , ” is in jail. So is Gerard Vigier, 
34. arrested in P uns Feb. 
!) with what police d e ­ scribed as a small part of the loot after investiga­ tors trailed Ins girl friend for four months. Pollee said sonic of the lesser accused still held would be released oft bail soon 
But not likely to be freed before trial are two other ex-convicts. Fran­ cis Pcllcgrm and Alain 
Bunnia!, who gave police the f i r s t direct evidence that Spaggiari was the ringleader, 
“ I would not want to Ik* 

 i i i their s h o e s ,” lawyer 
Peyrat said 
“ They probably hope for the longest possible prison sentence for fear being found floating face down 

 ii i some river after they are freed ” 
Henri Miehelucci has been released. The girl with the c a r confessed that she had lent it. in fact, to Daniel but lied to protect him 
All the prisoners with the exception ut Daniel 
Miehelucci seemed to be minor figures iii the con* 

AP W I* k * > H O IO 

S p a g g ia ra i m a d e off w itll the b rothel’s cash box and got four years in a military detention bar­ racks I on years later, he was sentenced to another 
IS months in prison for 
“ activ Hies th rea ten i n g state s e c u r i t y ” as a m e m b e r of the S ecre t 
Arm y 
O rg a n iz a tio n 
(OAS), formed in Algeria when it w as a F r e n c h colony. Ho had worked out tin* battle plan for un 
OAS attempt lo assassin­ ate the la te P r e s i d e n t diaries de Gaulle during his \ isit to lly e r e s iii southern France, police charged. The plan was nev er carried out 

'l l h o n v o n n e e d ft b u r g l a r , y o u g o w h e r e ytf u k n o w y o u ' l l f i n d o n e ' 

When In* cam e out of tail, S paggiari went to 
W est A frica W h ere lie met and m a r r i e d Mar* ceile. T h e couple r e ­ turned to Franc© rn the early 19711s and settled in 
Nice w h ere S p a g g i a ri began a career as a street photographer, lits usual lieut iii those early days was on Massena Square in the heart of the city, near the Nice braneli of the Societe Generale. 

A block aw ay is th e 
Nice branch of the Ban­ que de Paris et des Pays 
Bas, a m a j o r Dutch- 
Frcneh bank. On July 31. 
1974, two men who had rented a safe deposit box there overpowered a girl a t t e n d a n t an d c a lm l y walked out with $36o,oo11 in cash and gold. 

“ We had solid evidence linking S p ag g ia ri with that audacious holdup — hut no proof,” Mourey said. No one w as e v e r ch a r g e d with th e r o b ­ bery*. Peyrat denied that 
Spaggiari had anything to do with it 

Record 

But when Mourey saw the e l a b o r a t e s e w e r break-in at the Societe 
G e n e ra le a r o u n d th e tu rner, he immediately thought of Spaggiari. 

“ I said to myself there was nobody in 
Nice c a p ab le of o r g a n iz in g such a superb job other than Spaggiari,” Mourey said. “ And h ere again the problem was finding proof.” 

P o lic e set ii t r u / f u t a B ru s s e ls b a n k 

D O N T P O S T P O N E H O M E R E P A 1 R S - W A R D S C H A K G - A L L CREDIT CAN HELP YOU AFFtJBD I HI M NOW 
N O DOWN PA YMI NT REQUIRED 
Fixing up? Let us help you out. 

 spinn y beside the aston­ ishing personality of 
Spaggiari, described as the ringleader — a tall, wiry man with a high forehead, deep set eyes and a perpetual, mocking sm ile 
His wife. Mar- eelle, is a professional nurse 
M a rte lle told police 
I she knew nothing of lier h u s b a n d 's ride in tilt1 
! rub!K*ry. I ii Ut tuber, sin 
I accompanied Spaggiari 

I on a trip to Japan, Hong 
Kong and Thailand In­ q u ir ie s an* c ontinuing through Interpol, the in­ ternational |H>hee organ­ ization, into Spaggiari** financial activities d u r ­ ing that trip 
Spaggiari first came to police attention in 1949 when, at the age of 17, he went to Sicily to try to loin the bandit outlaws led by the g la m o r o u s 
Salvatore 
G iulia no 
Italian poin t* picked him up aud sent him buck to 
I ranee 

S o o n a f t e r w a r d , he volunteered for p a r a ­ troop se rv ic e in the 
French Indochina war 
Ile rose to the r a n k of se rg e an t, but in 1934, shortly after the buttle of 
Dieu Bien Phu, he led Ills entire platoon in a raid on a 
Saigon bro th el w h o s e p r o s t i t u t e s had allegedly fubbed some of his men 
, 

S p a g g ia ri was kept u tiler surveillance and knew he was being fol­ lowed. Mourey said. But he showed no concern, looked a f t e r his photo business aud hts chicken farm iii the m ountains behind 
Nice, an d in 
August went on a trip to the I lilted States. 

Spaggiari is quoted by pollee as saying he first got tile idea for tilt* break-in more than two years ago when he came across a plan of the Nice sewer system. 

Asked how Spag g iari recruited the squad of JO or so professio nals for the job, P e y r a t said; 
“ When you need bread, you go to a baker*! shop, 
When you need a burglar, you go where you know you’ll find one ” 

Mourey f e a rs so m e members of the gang still flee may try to kidnap 
Martelle to force her to reveal Spaggiari'scache. she c l a im s s h e knows nothing 

“ It was understood between us thai I would ask no q u e s tio n s ,“ she said “ He didn't want to compromise me 

 was nev him tin w anted h e a rt.” 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS - S unday February 27 1977 
2-DAY SALE i 19.9 cu. ft.frostless refrigerator-freezer. 
*449 
W ards low price. 

No more messy defrosting; the refrigerator and 6.58 cu. ft. freezer are totally frostiest 2nd freezer door helps cut cold lost. 2 glide-out shelves keep food in easy reach. 7 door shelves easily handle taller items. Roomy produce cripser. Dual cold controls let you set separate temps. 

W o o d -g ra in e d v in y l-rla d cab inet. 

SAVE 
*5o 

2237 
CONSOLE STEREO WITH RECORDER 
AM/FM/FM-stereo receiv­ er, 8-track recorder/player, 19988 automatic record changer. 

Weirds lowest prices of the year.* 

Best air conditioner buy of 1977 
Save *4o 
REGULARLY 249.95 
5ooo- Btu air conditioner. 
$129 

Reg. 169.95 
Helps you keep cool when the weather’s not; dehumidifies too. 
Convenient pushbutton control. 
Easy-to-clean foam filter. The installation kit fits windows 
2o'4 inches to 36 inches wide. 

Wards complete 4-channel sound system. 
AM/FMSQ matrix receiver, discrete 8-track player, 
9oo88 auto, changer, speakers. 

51o6 
329 
Regularly 399.95 

Save *12o 

Quadraphonic stereo system . 
34988 

Reg. 469.95 Comb. 

AM/FM, matrix 4 -chan­ nel receiver, discrete 
8-track player, auto. changer, air-suspen- sien speakers, center. 

$5 

Toke it anyw here! 

S im u la te d w o od. U nassem bled. 

Holds your purchase up to $2oo in layaw ay till M ay. $1o holds purchase over $2oo. 
Save $4o 
SAVE $3o 

PORTABLE AIR 
CONDITIONER 
5ooo BTIJ’s. Ro­ tary compressor. 
2 fan speeds 2 J 8 9 * 8 cooling speeds._ REG. 219 95 
SAVE *8o 
19ooo BTU AIR 
CONDITIONER 
Iii efficiency. 
Dual-tit at con­ trols. 
S m arty wood-look 
O a s is front. 
R E G . 4 7 9.9 5 

Buy Wards 8ooo-Btu room air conditioner. 
Cools, dehumi­ di f i e s. Push- $ I U U button control. 
o * 7 
Foam filter. 
Re« 229 95 ave $4o 

Buy Ward. 15,ooo-Btu room air conditioner. 
Dehumidifies, too. 2 cooling speeds, a u t o. therm ostat 
Reg. 339 95 
5212 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT LETS YOU ENJOY THAT NEW APPLIANCE NOW, W ITHOUT DELAY— NO DOWN PAYMENT REQUIRED 

Value. 

Big 17-cubic foot all-frostless refrigerator. 
*349 
WARDS LOW PRICE 

F restless—forget about defrosting. 
4.74-cu.ft. freezer lets you take advan­ tage of grocery specials and freeze fam­ ily fa v o rites to enjoy later. Twin pro­ duce crispers help vegetables retain their natural freshness. Door racks hold ext. bottles. 2 cold controls. 

Save 
*5o 

Portable stretch-stitch zig-zag 

88 
Lets you sew today’s knit fabrics easily. Do button­ holes, mend, darn, more. In­ cludes portable case. 
89 
Regular $14o 

Save $5o 

Portable stretch stitch zigzag 
4 stretch stitches. Makes 
O buttonholes, mends, darns. I ^ 
Includes portable case. 
“ t 
***" 
Regularly $18o 

SAVE 

Mounting hardware 
$9o included. 

23-CHANNEL MOBILE CB RADIO 

88 

WAS 169.95 

Extra-large S-RF meter. 
Continuous fine tuning, auto, noise limiter, PA. 
79 

Service? We have experts. 

Rattlers are fang-tastic 

AUSTIN — The old sa y in g that a good big man is better than a good little man applied to the girls Saturday afternoon as 
Dallas South Oak Cliff won the 
( lass AAAA State C ham pion­ ship with a 79-65 victory over 
Clemens. 
Tho loss not only kepi Clemens from duplicating the feats of Churchill's 
^ridders and Jay cross-country champ 
Mark Anderson, but also deprived it of a perfect season after 
34 straight victories. 
The loss before 3.Olio fans came on the same 
Gregory Gym h a r d ­ woods where five years ago the Jeffer­ son boys lost to a n ­ other Dallas team . 
Roosevelt, in another 
Class AAAA state title game. 
South Oak C liff’s 
Hines overpowering height proved too much for Clemens' quick­ ness in the overall analysis. 
The Dallas team had a 36-3o rebounding edge. put eight rebounds back in for baskets and blocked five 

See Bl KFS. Page HS 

 ripmonN* S y lv ia i i o d f r p y Im** a lls 

P W * 
\ l l - < i < y g i r l **9 c a g e l o a m . 
P a g e I O S . 

By HARRY PAGE 
O f IM I I XRM SS N EW S S IA O 
Steve Gamboa hit 12 of 13 fourth-quarter free throws, including four crucial freebies in the gam e’s last 25 seconds, to lead 
Burbank to a tense 611-57 win over Sam 
Houston Saturday night at Alamo Gym. 
The victory handed the Bulldogs the 31-AAAA title and its third straight district crown. Burbank earns the right to meet 32-AAAA champion Lee iii b id i* - trict play. Officials from Burbank and Lee will meet at IO a.in Sunday to decide the time and site of the post-season clash " 
Gamboa. Burbank’s high scorer with 2o points, hit both ends of a one-and-one with 24 seconds left to give Burbank a 58-55 lead Follow­ ing two free throws by Houston’s 
Charles Bean. G am boa put the game on ice with two more charity tosses on a one-and-one situation with six seconds remaining. 
Burbank, the loop s first-half winner, snapped a throe-game bis- mg streak in hiking its record to 
* 
31-4 The Cherokees, the second-half champion, end 
See Bl RBANK, Page US 

TV, R adio Log 
SWC upset 

TELEVISION 
Sunday 
11:15 a m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer 
Noon (Ch. I) — Grandstand 
12.3o p.m. (Ch 
I) — College Bas­ ketball: louisville vs. North Carolina 
12:3o p m. (Ch. 5) — Sunday with the 
Spurs 
12:45 pm . (l h. 5) — NBA Game of the Week: San Antonio Spurs vs. New 
Orleans .lai t 
2 p m (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights 
2:3o p.in. (Ch. I) — American Air­ lines Tennis Tournament 
2:3o p.m. (Ch 12) — The American 
Sportsman: Robert Kennedy, Jr. as­ sists in the rehabilitation of a golden 

 eagle to return it to its natural baht.at; six kayakers attempt to become the first humans to successfully negotiate the Sasetna River in Central Alaska; and goiter la*e Trevino fishes tor the bigmouth black bass el Mexico 
3 p m. (Ch. 5) — Jackie Gleason In verrary Golf Classic 
3:3o p m. (Ch. 12) - Wide World ot 
Sports 

R A D IO 
Sunday 
12:15 pm 
(WOAI, 12oo) — Spurs 
Pregame Show 
12:45 (WOAI, 12oo) — Spurs vs. New 
Orleans Jazz 

 m c i A ‘ to TMI e x p r e s s 
The Baylor Bears produced the only surprise in the first round of the Southwest 
Conference tournament Saturday with a thrilling 72-7o victory over the Texas 
Longhorns in Gregory Gym. 
In other opening round • clashes. Tech ripped 
Rice, 93-74. Texas AAM run by SMU, 89-79 and the 
Houston Cougars paddled TCU, 111-67, 
The second round of the tourney will be played 
Thursday, with the Aggies meeting Houston and the 
Red Raiders taking on Baylor. SWC champ Arkan- b o x scout:*, u s 

 sas will meet the winner of this four-team skirmish 
Saturday All of the remaining games in the tourney will be played at the Summit in Houston. 
Baylor’s Sherm an Patton earned the expert marksman status when he swished a jumper with two seconds left in the gam e to elim inate the 
Longhorns. 

 knew they were a good shooting club 
(led the Lone Star Conference in foul shooting) but they were outstanding.” 
HPU hit 13 of 19 first-half field goal tries and IO of ll at the free throw line, but still trailed. 37-36, at intermission when Larry Gooding hit a juniper as the clock expired. 
“ I thought we had our momentum going at halftime,” said Messbarger. 
“ We understood what we wanted to do. 
Then we got out front early and it really picked us up. 
St. M ary’s scored the first eight points the second half. Howard Payne got the next seven. St. M ary’s then answered the next six and the romp was on. 
Bobby Reid led a balanced Rattler attack with 12 points while Brian 
Schroeder had ll and Mark Pawzun and Leon Walls had IO each. Larry 
Gooding, had nine and Mike Cun­ ningham added eight. 
Just bout everybody was a star as St. 
Mary’s moved its season record to 23-5, with its 13th win in a row. 
Reid sat out the middle 18 minutes of the game with foul trouble, but Paw­ zun came off the bench, his had back and all. and helped pulverize the 
Jackets from outside. 
Sehroeder took over for Cunningham at the low post with two minutes to go 

Spurs decked 

RATTLERS1 CUNNINGHAM (42) tries for rebound 

PHOTO BY H.M. DEAN, JR. 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
O f THE I XRM SS N I W S STAf f 
ATLANTA — San Antonio was the tortoise and Atlanta was the hare. 

Only in this story, the hare had bet­ ter staying power 
San Antonio was never able to over­ come a slovenly start as the Spurs dropped their second straigh t gam e, 
119-111, to the Hawks 
Saturday night at the 
Omni. li f t' ‘‘ 
'•.% 
The Cleveland Ca- l l 
& callers lost to Chica- B L - M M K go, however, so the 
Spurs remain tied for third in the Central 
Division.The Spurs journey to New O r­ leans Sunday for a matinee with the Jazz. 
It was the Spurs’ third loss in as 
Grossman 

 m any gam es against A tlanta, and broke a rare San Antonio two-game road winning streak. 
The Spurs, throughly disorganized in the first half, trailed by as many as 17 points in the second quarter 
But San Antonio started to play with some direction in the second half, and an Allan Bristow layup with 6:43 left in the game brought the Spurs to within two, 97-95 
And then the Hawks ran off eight straight points, and the Spurs never got closer than six again 
"We weren’t ready to play," said 
Spurs’ Coach Dong Moo He has made it a well worn statement. But it was painfully true. 
"The offense stood around in the first half and just held the ball But then we started to play good defense and get gf>od shots in the second half. 
“ At the end, all the breaks went against us. But we did some pretty dumb things with the hall. And we 

 missed a lot of easy shots " 
"Everyone has got to be thinking about the game before h and," said 
Spurs’ forward Mark Olberdiug. " I ’m not sure we’re doing that.” 
The Hawks were obviously thinking about rebounding because they grabbed 2o more carom s than tin1 
Spurs, leonard “Truck” Robinson se­ cured 2o bounds, and scored a c a r ­ eer-high 34 (Hunts. 
John Drew had 28 points for the 
Hawks, 21 of them iii the first half be fore encountering serious foul trouble. 
He was one of six players to finish with five fouls. 
The Spurs* Coby Diet ric k and 
(ieorge Gervin along with A tlanta’s 
Arround Hill all departed early with six fouls. 
San Antonio center Billy I'uultz had four fouls by halftime, but was never any factor even before his foul diffi- 

Clemens tumbles; [ “GUAyABERA” 
Burbank champs 
First loss 

Bv JOHN H IN K S 
O f J M i {APHIDS N EW S 
Cherokees fall 

The shirt that s 

 making fashion 

 comfort news from 

 border to border. 

The Rattlers took the first step in that direction by overwhelming HPU, 
39-23, in the second half and coasting to a 76-59 victory before a packed house at 
Alumni Gym. 
The victory pushes 
St. M ary’s into the 
District 
4 finals against 
East 
Texas 
State for the right to go to Kansas City. The game will be played 
Tuesday at 7:3o p.m. in Commerce. 
ETSU won Saturday night’s other semifin- a1. 64-54, over Texas 
Bro>les 
Lutheran. 
"I felt like we were deeper and it would pay off for us,” said St. Mary’s 
Coach Red Messbarger in the elated 
R attler dressing room, which was spiced by a bright blue carpet installed earlier in the day. 
“ But when they kept going to the free throw line and hitting them I looked at Bud and shook my head. I 

SPO R T S 

Page I S h 
February 27 1977 

S choolboy baseball 

IS TLC atumble*, Page I IS 
COBY DIETRICK battles Hawks’ Drew and Merriweather for rebound 

AP WIREPHOTO 

! N A M E 

I CITY 
[ QUANTITY 

65% Polyester 35% Cotton 

Navy, white, It. blue, med. blue, rust, yellow, tan. 

[ T 6 r" m AIL ORDER A D D 5 % TAX and 754 Handling. 

ADDRESS-..________ 

STATE 
ZIP 

S I Z E 
COLOR 

S-M-L-XL 

P e n n e r ’s 
S/za park free in our sponout lot directly behind store 
311 W. Commerce St. Phone 2 2 6 -2 4 8 7 
(A cron horn City Hall) 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
| 
O f THE EXPRESS N EW S STAff 
The 
St. 
M ary’s 
R attlers benched the Howard Payne 
^ I H I O B y 
Yellow Jackets with superior E x p r o s s - X o w s reserve strength Saturday night and moved within one giant step of a berth in the NAIA Tourna­ ment. 

N icklaus m argin cut to I, P age TS 

Snakes advance 

Continued from Page IS in the half when Mike drew his third foul. 
He not only added the key points, but put the collar on .James Hall, who wound up as HPU’s top scorer with 211 points. Hall had just four in the second half. 
“ Hall was hurting u s ," said 
Schroeder. “We didn’t realize he could go as well to his left. I just tried to keep him from getting to his spot.” 
Gooding had six rebounds and played “ probably the best game he’s played since he’s been here,” ’ said 
Messbarger. 
Roy Leggett and Leon Walls put de­ termining pressure on HPU’s guards and when Walls got in foul trouble, 
Darrell Brogdon came off the bench to hit six points. Bobby Jaklich had four free throws in the last minute. 
St. Mary’s went into a delay with IO minutes to play “ in order to bring them out of their zone.” 

“ We really w eren’t interested in stalling,” said Messbarger. “ We just wanted to bring them out of their zone. 

"They switched to a zone trap in the middle of play and we picked it up immediately,” he added. “ That was a key because we could have had prob­ lems when they made the change, but we responded and adjusted and actually made a couple of key buckets off it.” 

St. M a r y ’s (76) 
H ow ard Payn e 59) 
<g ft (ta 
Pts tg ft-tta pts 
Reid 
5 
2 4 
12 
G re go ry 
o 
1-2 
I 
W ails 
5 
OO 
IO 
T hom os 
o 
OO 
o 
C unnin gham 
4 
o o 
8 
H a rriso n 
5 
8 IO 18 
I egaett 
3 
O I 
6’ 
D a vis 
2 
5 5 
9 
Gooding 
4 
I 2 
9 
Bozem an 
o 
OO 
o 
Broadon 
I 
4 4 
6 
Hoi! 
IO 
o o 
2o 
Pow zun 
5 
o o 
IO 
Speer 
o 
2 2 
2 
Schroeder r< 
I I ll 
D a vis 
3 l l 
7 
M eans 
o 
OO 
o 
Whetstone 
I 
OO 
I 
Jaklich 3333 
o 
4 4 
4 
T O T A L S 
21 
17 2o 59 
Whitnell 
o 
OO 
o 
T O T A L S 
32 
12 17 76 

T O T A L F O U L S — St M a ry s 71, H o w a rd P a y n e 

F O U L E D O U T — None 
A T T E N D A N C E — 2.ooo 

LAS VEGAS 
CHARTERS 
FREQUENT DEPA RTI R h 
219 OO 
TRAY* 
VHI 
ORI I) i f s 
5629 
828 

I 
2o9 
I O 

F r o g s ro ll 

WACO, Tex. CAP) - 
Kenneth Benedict and 
Handy 
Owens both pitched four-hitters as 
Texas Christian swept a 
Southwest Conference baseball doubleheader from Baylor, 2-1 and 3-2, 
Saturday. 
TCI is now 2-1 in con­ ference play and 4-3 for the season. 
Baylor dropped to 1-2 and 5-2. 

T h i s w e e k i n S p o r t s 

S U N D A Y 
P ro Basketball: S p a rs at New O rleans. I? IS p m 
College Baseball 
Phillips at St. M a r y s 
I p.m. 
Bow ling: 
Fred die M artinez 
A la m o 
Tour nam ent A ssociation 
Finals, Ail 
Star 
Lanes, noon 
So u th w e st 
T e x a s 
J u n io r 
B o w lin g 
Association Tournam ent. G oliad Lan e s, I and. 
5 p.m. 
Polo: K in gsville vs. Retom a F a rm s, B ro c k enridge P a rk, 2.3o D.m. 

M O N D A Y 
College Baseball; Ph illip s at Texas L u th e ran 
(2), I p m . 
P a n A m e rican at Texas, I p rn 
College Colt: San Antonio College at Lare d o 
Tournam ent 
College Tennis: Si 
M o ry s m en ond w om en at San Isad ora B ing C ro sb y W orld U n ive rsitie s 
Tournam ent, G uad alaiara, M e xico 
College Basketball: N J C A A T ou rn am e n t at 
San Antonio College G y m 
— 
Lee vs 
San 
Jacinto, 
6 p.m.. 
San 
Antonio 
C ollege vs 
Temple, 8 p m. 

T U E S D A Y 
P ro Basketball: Sp u r TIpotf C lub luncheon, 
Pe arl s 
Je rse y 
Lilly 
Room , noon 
G uest sp e a k e r w ill be 
R u d y 
D a v a io s , a th le tic director at U T $ A 
A d m issio n : 
$5 tor non m em bers 
So u rs at New Y ork K m ck s. 6 <5 p m . 
College God: San Antonio College at L are d o 
Tournam ent. 
College Tennis: St M a ry s m en and w om en at Son Isod ora B in g C ro sb y W orld U n ive rsitie s 
Tournam ent, G u ad alaiara, M exico. 
College Baseball: 
San Antonio College v s 
Bee County. Beeville, I 3o p m 
College Basketball: N A IA D istrict 4 Playofts, 
C om m erce — St. M a ry s vs. E a st T e xas St , 
I IO p m 
N J C A A Tournam ent at San Antonio 
College 
H igh 
School 
Basketball 
A A A A 
Btdistrict playofts 
— 
Kenn edy vs. 
Ju dson, 
B lo sso m 
Athletic Center, 7:3o p m 

W E D N E S D A Y 
College 
Baseball: 
O k la h o m a 
City at 
St. 
M a ry s (2), I p m 
College Tennis: Trinity m en at U n iv e rsity of 
Southern California, 4 p.rn 
St 
M a r y s m en and wom en at San Isad o ra B in g C ro sb y W orld 
U niversities 
Tournam ent, 
G u a d ala ia ra. 
M exico 
Pro W restling: M unicip al A uditoriu m , 8 p m 
M ain events. Jose Lothario vs. G re at G oliath 

 and Cien Cciras vs 
B lack G o rd m a n 
Other m atches pit Ivan P u tski vs 
Sw ede H ansen. 
Leo 
Seif? vs. 
Iron 
Sheik 
F a ro u k , 
B ru ise r 
B rady vs. Bob Orton Jr 

T H U R S D A Y 
College Tennis: 
T exas Luth eran m en and w om en at San Antonio College, 2 p m 
T rinity m en at Peoperdine U niversity, L o s A ngeles, 4 p rn.. 
St. M o r y 's m en and w om en at San 
Isad ora B in g C rosb y W orld U n ive rsitie s T o u r­ nament, G uad alaiara. M e xico 
Am ateur B oxing: 
G olden G loves. M u n icip a l 
Auditorium , 7.3o p m. 
C o lle ge 
B a sk e tb a ll: 
S o u th w e st 
T e x a s wom en and Texas A& i w om en at T A IA W State 
Tournam ent, Edinburg, 

F R ID A Y 
Pro Basketball: S p u rs at New Y o rk Nets, 
7:o5 p m. 
College Baseball: B aylo r at St M a r y ’s (2), I p m 
O klahom a City at P a n A m e ric a n (2). 6 p m 
A m ateur Boxing: G olden G loves, M u n icip a l 
Auditorium , 7.3o p m 
T ra c k : 
B o rd e r 
O ly m p ic s , 
M a r tin 
H ig h 
School, Lared o 
H igh school pre lim in arie s, I p m ., junior college p relim inaries, 8 p m 
ColSlege Tennis: St. M a r y s m en and w om en at San Isad ora B in g C ro sb y W orld U n ive rsitie s 
Tournament, G u ad alaiara. M e xico 
College Basketball: Southw est T e xas w om en and 
T e xas 
A8.I w om en at 
T A IA W 
State 
Tournam ent, Edinburg. 

S A T U R D A Y 
P ro Basketball: Sp u rs at Buffalo, 7 p m 
C ollege 
B a se b a ll: 
Bee 
C o u n ty vs. 
Sa n 
Antonio College (2), O lm os P a rk, 1:3o p m. 
Ph illip s at 
T e xa s 
L u th e ran 
(2). 
I p m . 
O klahom a City at P a n A m e ric a n (2), 6 p m. 
A m ateur 
B oxin g: 
G olden 
G lo ve s 
F in a ls, 
M unicipal Auditorium , 7 3o p m 
H igh 
School 
Basketball: 
A A A A 
R e gio n a l 
T o u rn a m e n t, 
B lo s s o m 
A th le tic 
C e n te r. 
Sem ifinal g a m e s at 
IO a rn. a n d noon 
Cham pionship gam e at 8 p rn. 
Track: 
B o rd e r 
O lym p ics, 
M a rtin 
H ig h 
School, Lared o 
U nive rsity pre lim in arie s. 8:3o a rn., high school and tumor college finals, I p m . university finals. 6 p m 
College Tennis: Trinity m en at UC.LA, 4 p m 
Schreiner men and w om en at 
Southw est 
Texos, I p m . 
St M a ry s m en and w om en at 
San Isad o ra B ing C ro sb y W orld U n ive rsitie s 
Tournam ent, G uad alajara, M exico. 
C ollege B a sk e tb a ll: 
T A IA W State T o u r nament, Edinburg. 

UNC 

Tasteless 

You’re being tested. Right now, chances are someone is looking you over. Sizing you up. And deciding what type person you are. It s a question of presentation. Of taste. And in this 
3 piece suit from Chaps, you’ve got the right answer every time. A traditional blend of lightweight wool and polyester. Unquestionably suited for spirited summer days and nights. 
So pass the taste test. With Chaps. 
$21o.oo c h a p s 

 bv RALPH LAUREN 

Alamo Heights • Central Park • Windsor Park Mall 

H San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S — Sunday February 27 1977 

PRI 
OO 

IO 

I Y H 
I 
-me 

9 C v % V t v l 
■J 
TCh/crrAS DAT SUf o p « u s e r e - 
AVAILABLE -PREE It* 
736l54i 

A f f t o n t RO M WO N o t * CA MC 
COANCA Of LOOP, 4 1 o 4 fR£OoRl€KSouA<? 
4 6 2 7 FREDERICKS® 

SPttlAi IO IYH t»Hit SS N IW S 
CORPUS CHRISTI - T rinity won the number one singles and doubles, but won little else as the SMU Mustangs upset the 
T igers, 6-3, in the fin als of the Corpus 
Christi Invitational Tennis Tournament. 

It was the first dual match loss of the year for the 
Tigers, who journey to the West Coast next week to take on CSC, UCLA and Pepperdine. The defeat also ends TU’s two-year reign at this meet. 
Ironically, it was SMU which last won here before the Trinity grabbed the crown. 
Larry Gottfried lost his first dual match of the year, dropping a number two singles match to Chris 
Delaney, 7-6, tj-4. Tony G iam m alva edged Jai 
DiLouie in the featured singles match, 6-2. 6-7, 7-6. 

S M U *. T R IN IT Y I 
S IN G L E S : 
Tony G iam m alva. Trinity, aet Jai D iL o o i# . S M U , 6 1, 
6-1, 1-6, C h ris Dulaney S M U , Out L o r r y Gottfried, T rin ity 7 6 6 4 
M a rk Turpin, SM U . del 
Ben M ettaw a, Trinity, 7 5, 5 7 6 2, O ovid 
Bonrnttedt. SM U . del E ric k i*ke r» ky, Trinity, 6 2, I i, E d d ie R e e st 
Trinity def 
M a rk Vine:,, S M U , 6 1, 6 1, Pern G u e rry , S M U del 
Dove Benton 
Trinity, 4 6, 6 4, I t, 
D O U B L E S 
GoO trted G lom m alva del 
Bobrnttedt 
6 4, 6 4, 
T u rp in D e ia n e v del 
M c k o w n lt- kertky, 2-6, 6 I, 6 2, V ines G u t r r y del Reete Benton, I 5, 6 4 
SWT nelters Min 

Southwest Texas blanked St. Mary’s tennis team. 
9-o, on the Hauler courts Saturday and raised their record to 3-1. 

SW T 9, ST M A R Y ’S o 
Singlet Dom m aue Du m iiion del. L a r r y L e vm to n , 6 ?, 3 6, 6-3, G o ry 
Seym ou r del Ben Nixon, 6-o- 6-J, T om D e o ve n p o rt del. D a id M cG e e , 
6-1, 6-2, D a y # E d w a rd t def G ene K nop ik, 6 o, 6 1; B ria n L e w it aet 
Tim Jordan, 6 2, I i, S u rf T h o m a t del Ja m ie H ouston 6 2, 6 2 
D ouble t 
S e » m o o u i D a v e n p o rt aet 
N ix o n M c G e e 6 1, 4 6. t i; 
Lewtt T hom as del Houston K nop ik. 6^3, 6 J, D u m iU on E d w a rd t del 
Jordan T J, Flem ing, 6 o 6-o. 

 rolls 
DURHAM, NC. (AP) 
— Phil P’ord scored 23 points and Walter Davis added 
IB to lead ninth-ranked North Ca­ rolina to an 84-71 victory- over Duke in an Atlantic 
Coast Conference basket­ ball game Saturday. 
Duke never got closer than six during the last eight minutes. splits 

The San Antonio Col­ lege baseball team dropped its first game of a doubleheader to Hill 
.Junior College. 5-2, but came back to win night­ cap, 12-9, with a 1o-run sixth inning. 
Mike Lynn had two doubles and four RBI’s, 
Rito Garcia had one dou­ ble and 2 RBI’s and Bill 
Keiffer slapped a single for 2 RBI’s to lead SAC in their 1o-run burst. 
SAC’ is now 1-3 for the year and Hill is 13-5. 

F IR S T G A M E 
Hill 
o1o 
121 
o - 5 IO 3 
SA C 
OOO oo2 o - 2 
3 
I 
Gilbreth ond C lancy Ortiz and 
Nations 
VV — G ilbreth 
L — rn 
Ortiz. H R — Slope, Hill 

S E C O N D G A M E 
Hill 
o32 
oo3 
I - 9 IO 4 
SA C 
OOO IO o 2 x - 12 9 I 
M artinez, W illiam s (4). G a rcia 
(4) a n d C u e lla r 
F r e d e r ic k , 
D um ont (5) and Nations 
Indiana hoi 
BL(X)MINGTON. Ind. 
(AP) — Junior guard 
Wayne Radford ignited a sputterin g Indiana of­ fense with IB second-half points Saturday as the 
Hoosiers outscored 
Northwestern 3o-6 in a 
1o-rmnute span to take a 
B9-54 Big Ten basketball victory. 
Uincv wins 

JACKSONVILLE. Fla 
(AAP) — Fourteenth- ranked Cincinnati, paced by Brian William?*’ 19 points, stalled iii the first half and rail in the second Saturday to win a 
78-61 college basketball game over Jacksonville. 

Once, when a kid fresh out of high school signed himself up for a four- year athletic scholarship he had the free ride all the way, even if he decided to quit playing sports. No, that wasn’t fair. The boy made a deal, offering his best athletic efforts in exchange for four years of free college work. 
Nevertheless, some gung-ho 17 and 
18-year-old kids discover that college sports really aren’t their bags. Some­ times such discoveries are made by- fleet halfbacks shortly after 28o-pound tackles poke their helmets about four inches through a rib cage. Wowie, who needs that four days a week in practice with double licks on Saturday? The kid quits football. But, under the oid rules, he could remain on scholarship. For four years. But not anymore. 

In recent weeks you’ve heard and read about all the flashy high school stars of yesteryear signing with the various c o lle g e s. F olk s, those are one-year a g reem en ts that th e y ’re signing if they sign with an NCAA col­ lege. Just one year at a time, no more than that. Some will be dropped after one year. 
.After each year a school’s coaches will review their football program and some scholarships will be renewed while others will be canceled. Some of the cancelations are going to lie diffi­ cult to accept and some, in all proba­ bility. will wind up in a courtroom. 
One-year wait 

And why a courtroom? Well, since the kid can only Im? offered a one-year pact there shouldn’t bo much debate if he can’t cut it and contribute to the team. But the raw rub comes when the athlete is reminded that In1 must lay out of sports for a whole year before becoming eligible as a transfer at an­ other school. 

In other words, he can’t make the team that recruited and landed him. 
But before he can take his athletic talents—whatever they might be—to another NCAA school, lie must sit out a whole year. Some attorney somewhere is almost a cinch to decide that at least a few of the young man’s rights have been violated. 

Of the nine coaches we met with last week in Kansas City only one. Boston 
College’s Joe Yukica. made the flat statement that he will “ never cancel a hoy’s scholarship because of his inabi­ lity to contribute to the team.” 

As Joe put it. “ if the boy gives his hest effort and it’s still not enough then 

BO SCHEMBECHLER 
. . . not me 

 we, the coaches, made the mistake in recruiting him. We should pay for our m istakes, not the youngsters.” Then he continued, “ the unfavorable publi­ city that I, as the head coach, and our school would get for taking a boy off scholarship, would be too much to come close to balancing whatever little strength we might add to our team 's quality.” 

Won't be first 
M ichigan’s Bo Schembechler, an ­ other of the* nine who met with us in 
KC. agreed that the rules will be hard to live with and he made it clear thai he won t be the first in the Big Ten to cancel a kid s scholarship. 

“ Yes. I’m sure that, sooner or later, we’l have to pick up some scholarships to make room for younger, brighter prospects but I II tell you this for a fact, I won’t be the first in the Big Ten to do it. Somebody else will have to be first.” Bo said. 
Bo didn’t name any names but I got the strong im pression that he was thinking about his old rival, Ohio 
State’s Woody Hayes, when he kept talking about “ somebody else” mak­ ing the move before him. 
Georgia's Vince Dooley and Johnny 
Majors, everybody’s coach of the year last season at Pittsburgh and now the new boss at Tennessee, made no bones about their intentions to cut and keep as they see fit 

“ We’ll have 95 on scholarship just as the ru les say but I w on't keep a youngster who can’t make the team .” 
Majors said. “ It will he tough, cutting some junior or senior who has tried hard but, for one reason or another, can't make the travel squad. It will he tough, hut I'll do it. I don't make the rules but I certainly intend to live by them," Johnny said. 

And in juries? Suppose a player breaks a leg and is no longer able to compete? 
Houston’s Bill Yeoman answered that one. “ What do you think we coaches are, m onsters? I think all schools would keep such a player on full sc holarship and hi' wouldn’t count against your 95 since he would be through as a player.” 
Well, the new deal still has some heart for the players but not nearly as much as in the past. 
T rinity shocked 

Dan Cook 

3o-95 rules have coaches sweating 

Once upon a tim e, not too many years ago, NCAA-governed colleges were a bit too fair to young athletes. But it’s not that way anymore. To the contrary, rulesm akers seem to have leaned a mite heavily in the other direction while over-correcting. 
Unless you’ve been paying close attention the 3o-95 rule probably doesn’t mean much to you. But to many college coaches—and many more college athletes—it’s a rather alarming matter. As a matter of fact, it was the main topic for the three days that 4o of us sportswriters spent visiting with NCz\A officials and nine out­ standing coaches in Kansas City. 
In a nutshell, the1 rules say that no more than 3o football scholarships can be offered each year to high school grads and junior college transfers. Al­ so, at no time can more than 95 football players be on scholarship for any 
NCAA college. 

Now you don’t have to be loaded with figure-juggling sm arts to understand that if 3ft new hands are signed each year it won't take but a few years be­ fore a coach will have to start with­ draw ing sch o la rsh ip s from som e sophs, juniors and sen iors to stay within the 95-scholarship limit. 

\ 

Parting Shots 

B v 'B o f f { p r e s s m a n 
S p u r s fall 

S an Antonio EX P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday February 27 1977 
H 

 iv * mn i—hint 

Pistol P ete’s idea o f sports reporting off target 

NEW ORLEANS — In this city known primarily for its flesh, fun and music, Pete Maravich is unique. He is the city’s only superstar athlete. And they love him here because he can do as many things with a basketball as Al flirt can do with a trum­ pet. 

But as a purveyor of opinion, a newspaper columnist. Pistol Pete 
M aravich has a long way to go. 
Woodward and Bernstein can rest ea­ sily. 
The .Jazz’ eminent guard recently made his newspaper debut in the New 
Orleans Times-Pieayune. The subject? 
Negativism in sports reporting. Some excerpts: 
“ Fans want to see a game in a happy frame of mind. Expressing and writing negative attitudes will turn off good, solid intelligent sports fans — fans who are knowledgeable, and who love their professional sports, teams and indivi­ dual members. 
“ They attend the game. They sit and enjoy. They do not boo. They are proud of their teams and the city they repre­ sent. It seems everything written is negative. 

“ We must return to the basics where violence seldom showed its ugly face in sports, booing was good natured, and playing the game and watching indivi­ dual expression wast great Iv appre­ ciated. . . 
* 

“ We live in an unbalanced world, and sports should be one dimension that leaveSxthe fans happy and car­ efree. The media, I believe, must search for a new approach towards sports in New Orleans. Fans want to see a game in a happy frame of mind. 

Criticism destructive 

“ It is my belief that continued criti­ cism will eventually destroy the pro­ fessional atmosphere in New Orleans. I have openly witnessed this destruction in the city of Atlanta.” 

At best, Maravich’s presentation is naive. Does he really think the fan wants to wallow in ignorant bliss? The intelligent fan not only wants to know who won and lost, but he or she also wants to know why. What went into that victory or that defeat. 

Is the coach interfering with the front office? Why did they trade that player? Why can't they meet their payroll? These are questions that begged to be answered. 

But for Maravich, like some other news figures, it is easier to blame the messenger than the source. “ Why do you bring us bad news “ Maravich seems to be saying. “ If you can’t say something good, say nothing at all.” 

Who is violent? 

Maravich's suggestion to cleanse sport of violence is a worthwhile one. 
Who wants unneceesary violence in a world that already has too much of it? 
Think back, however, to earlier this season. One Pistol Pete jmaravich. perturbed by the pesty defense 
Portland’s Dave Twardzik was using on him. turned around and slugged the 
Blazer guard, knocking out two teeth. 
What should have bothered Mara­ vich most about that incident was the fact he lost control and hurt someone. 
Instead, he was probably peeved by the reporting of that event. Someone in 
New Orleans probably even criticized him for it. Heavens. 
Yes, we do live in an unbalanced world. And any adult,who looses sleep over the performance of their favorite team is not acting rationally. Sports should be for enjoyment. It never was, and should never be, a life-and-death proposition. 
The irony of Maravich's column was heightened this week when he said he might leave the Jazz after this season so he can be a part of a championship team. And he realizes the Jazz is a long way from being even a contender. 
How negative can you be, Pete? Here you are playing for a team, and right in the middle of the season you say you may leave because you hate losing. 
Maybe the fans feel the same way. 
Only the residents of New Orleans can't play out their option. 

Odds and ends 

The Milwaukee Bucks, one of the sorrier entities in this year’s NBA. have a pretty bright future. They have three strong forwards in Dave Meyers, 
Junior Bridgeman and Bobby Dan­ dridge. And the Bucks have three first-round draft picks in the upcoming college draft. They also have a pro­ mising playmaker in Quinn Buckner and an outstanding shooter in Brian 
Winters. 
And to the Spurs, who have lost twice to the Bucks at home this season, it is anything but a sorry team already. . . 
The NBA made a wise decision when it kept the schedule format the same for next season. It may dilute certain rivalries, as the Northeast clubs con­ tended, but it assures that the Ervings and Jabbars will get equal exposure. 
And, too, how often would you pay to see the New York Nets? 

Continued from Page IS culty. He was shut out in the scoring department and had but two rebounds in 25 minutes of inglorious futility. 
Gervin led the Spurs with 26 points, while Dietriek had 21. He missed his first field goal attempt, hit nine straight and then missed eight straight. 
Olberding had 17 points and ll re­ bounds despite hurting his back early in the second half, while James Silas saw his most extensive action since returning a second time from knee surgery. 
He had 19 points in 25 minutes. 
“ It felt good,” said Silas. “ I think I am ready to play more than I have been.” 
Atlanta Coach Hubie Brown em­ ployed much the same illegal zone de­ fense he used at Kentucky the last two seasons. At first, Moe complained about it. Then he said no more about it. 
“ I really wanted them to stay in it,” said Moe. “ Once we started to move the ball, it was fairly easy to get a good 

 shot. But they weren’t going in. I don’t know how many easy shots Mike 
(Gale) missed.” 
After trailing, 61-5o, at the half. San 
Antonio stayed within eight most of the second half. But that 8-o streak which included four points by Robinson and two each by Claude Terry and Ken 
Charles proved to lie fatal 
The Spurs, it appears, are the 
Hawks’ favorite charitable organiza­ tion. 

 r a c e r s , 1 2 9 - 7 1 5 
NEW YORK (A P) - Reserves Don­ nie Shelton and Butch Beard led a 
39-point second period that helped the 
New York Knicks beat the Indiana 
Pacers 129-115 in a National Basketball 
Association game Saturday night. 

Shelton sank two free throws with 
5:17 to play in the second quarter to snap a 42-42 tie and start a 2o-9 burst that staked the Knicks to a 62-51 half­ time lead Shelton scored Kl points in the quarter while Beard added eight and keyed the New York attack with his penetration to the basket 

G olf tie 

SARASOTA, Fla. (A P ) - Judy 
Rankin, who shot a career-best 63 
Friday, zoomed to a five-over-par 77 
Saturday to fall back into a tie with 
Beth Stone after two ro u n d s of the 
$1oo,ooo Bent Tm ' Ladies Classic. 
Miss Stone, from Miami and a non- winner in 16 years on the Ladies 
Professional Golf Association tour, recorded a 71. 
They were tied with four-under-par 
14os on the demanding 6,124-yard, par-72 Bent Tree Golf Club course. 

A rm y prevails 

ANNAPOLIS (A P) — Sophomore 
Matt Brown rallied Army to a 54-53 basketball victory over Navy Saturday, scoring 16 of his game-high 24 points in the second half. 

Bristow 
OlDprtlina 
Poult! 
Gale 
Gervirt 
Silas 
Dietriek 
Darn Dior 
Word 
TO TALS 

Drew 
Robinson 
M eriweather 
Charles 
Hill 
Terry 
Hawes 
Brown 
TO TALS 

San Antonio 
Atlanta 

Spu rt (111) 
Min tg fg a ti Ha reb DI 
41 
7 I I 
OO 
7 
4 
3? 
6 13 
5 / ll 
5 
25 
o 3 
OO 
2 
5 
33 
6 14 
2 3 
5 
3 
33 
9 14 
8 IO 
4 
6 
25 
6 14 
2 8 
I S 
39 
9 18 
3 4 
1 1 6 
2 o3 
OO 
OO 
5 o o 
OO 
I 
I 
24o 
43 9o 
25-32 
32 
33 
Atlanta (119) 
Min fg-igo ft fto reb pf 
33 
423? 
39 
31 
26 
1671 
24o 

 ll 23 
14 73 
5-11 
4 12 
3-7 
6 12 
I 4 
7 3 
46-95 

23 
33 

6 8 
6 8 
4 7 
5 7 
I 7 
o o 
12 
4 4 
27-38 

 pts 
14 
17o 
14 
76 
19 
71oo 
111 

Pts 
7834 
I t 
13 
7 
17 
3 
8 
119 

34 
27— 111 
25 
33— 119 

A SSIST S Bristow 3, Olherdina I. Pou lt! 7 G ale 6. 
Gervin I, Silas 2. Dietriek 4, Dam pler I 
D rew 3. 
Robinson 7, M eriweather 2, Charles 17, Hill 8, H awes 
I. Brown 7. 
S T E A L S : Otberdma I, Gale 7, G crvln I, Dietriek 
I; Charles 3, Hill I, T erry 3 
T U R N O V E R S : San Antonio 17, Atlanta 18 
B L O C K E D SH O TS: Dietriek 3. G ervin 3. Olberct log I 
Meriweather 4, Drew 2, Robinson I. 
A T T E N D A N C E: 5.21o 
O F F IC IA L S : Rakel and Mihalik 
T EC H N IC A L S : Lavden. Brown 

B u ll e t s hit 

LA N D O VER, 
Md. 
(AP) — Mitch Kupchak came off the bench to score 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter Satur­ day night, sparking the 
Washington Bullets to 
1o5-1o2 National Basket­ ball Association victory over the 
Milwaukee 
Bucks. 

Kupchak, a 6-foot-1o rookie from North Ca­ rolina, sank five of eight shots and grabbed six rebounds in the fourth period. 

El vin Hayes tossed in 
25 points and Phil Chen­ ier added 22 as the Bul­ lets strengthened their hold on first place in the 
Central Division with their 22nd victory in their last 29 games. 

Milwaukee led throughout the first half and was on top 64-59 midway through the third period when the 
Bullets made their move. 

The Bucks last lead was 82-81 early in the fourth quarter, before 
Kupchak took charge. 

Brian Winters led Mil­ waukee with 28 points. 
Swen Natcr contributed 
14 points, 16 rebounds and seven assists. 

DON’T MONKEY AROUND 
WITH YOUR BUSINESS... 
COMMUNICATE! 

POCKET PAGERS 
CAR TELEPHONES 
ANSWERING SERVICE 
2-W AY RADIO SYSTEMS 

OUfopfaOftf 

 i n o«. 
MU 
7 l« lt 

DON T O i l LOST. . . 
CAU 226-3361 

TIRE SAU! 

7142 N. SAN MORO AVK. A 
238 S.W. MILITARY OR. 
GLOBE 
DUNLOP GOLD SEAL STEEL 
BELTED RADIAL — WHITEWALLS! 

2 STEEL BELTS plus 2 POLYESTER CORDS! 

, o 
. . 

RMRMRy TlRHIjf 7 - ▼ 
VIW WU J1 HMN £ * 

SERVICE CENTER AT 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
OPEN 9 TO 6 MON. THRU FRI. 

 rANY SIZE 
WHITE 

LISTED! 

SIZE: 
EXC. TAX: 
BR78-13 
2.o6 
DR78 14 
2.38 
ER78-14 
2.47 
FR78-14 
2.65 

4 5 l 
8 8 

Y SIZE 
WHITE 

LISTED! 

4 
9 
88 

ANY SIZE 
WHITE 
USTEDI 

INSTALLATION INCLUDED! 
ADD MUS Of WEAR! 

SIZEt 
EXC. TAX: 
GR78-14 
2.85 
HR78 14 
3 o4 
GR78 15 
2.9o 
HR78 15 
3.1 1 

SIZE: 
EXC. TAX: 
JR78-15 
3.27 
LR78-15 
3.44 

ADO IMUS Of WU! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT I 

I Oat tiprti 

Cr*** 
A 
Im u t 7 « 

■Mf (IX a n N m m id if 

Extra Saving* aa Piralli 
Motorcycle Tira*! 
2o% on our nougat tow w a on 
ANY RZI M STOCKI 

DUNLOP 4 FULL PLY * 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

671 I) rn ii 

4 o11 « U i/i I. 

INSTALLATION MCUIOfOf 

I* un 

H I 14 
IT* 14 fc/i I) 
N/| 14 

N/l Ii 
• I 

MB 
IU 166 
217 
2 i) 

Ii* 
2 7) 

197 
27 
OOM** 
Ut Ii 

IT* It 
• *1NMITI m e t. t* it o y I ipaann um 

296 

IM 

DISC I DRUM BRAKE PACKAGE! t o M M I U S. U n I light Truck* with blart Mm A lent Mom Into* 

Indolt MW front Mu to v lt«f lining*, 

Ct M i* Wail. bwit bali* Horton*, (oar lr turn SpMfi 

 lebuild Uoni C o to * ' * 
Whorl 
(yfmArrt I Torn brat Dm Halon A loot 

Drum* 

 fork front (raring* I Uteri Hydroulu 
Syrtrm 

Ad|urt forking Atoka* A Imped Mortar 
(./Imper loo* Tail Cm tor Solely 

I MN torte *yseem end 
H ai­ 

 rt* mil* yea ll be • to toto arart rn* nu msftcnoM - no oruoatmmi 
8 9 
88 

DUNLOP SP-4 STEEL BELTED 
BLACK SPORT RADIAL 

 iUi 
HO 
IU 161 MKT 

I45A IO l l ) M SA 

135*12 I S I 
39 A t 

145*13 145 ) S M 

175*13 1 93 41,AA 

173* 14 2 o9 AO.AA 

115* 14 2 31 .S A A S 

135*13 I A2 AA.AA 

Perfect for 

Sport or 

Imports I 

GLOBAL MERCURY BATTERY! 

| 8 8 
AO Month 

Superlug Mag Wheel: 

(vt*** Ire*1 One pm* mu ato n er* - a* to rii rn ere* 
•en aeeTei (rh rani U S rn tm eerier (rn. liar*! tam ear Im lab toto Otoe* 

3 2 “ 

 fe< ak**! tut D e li i& V m t, hut mtkrt** tty wa. (ar 
Tai tie* 6**Lein af i**■**'*Hf 
Ira pun tm* Mat i f * * manner writ, Nm 6 9* ret 
MAiremi 
9 ar*rnr Sa* lntrki ane* , f 
*M re VCO * 
Aunt 

Hke Uarrt Of*nay 
IIH terfwemew ainee «l rtyt af 
•onery a rte a CAMB putkm* 4 kaftery *■•••' to rt* * yea I matt rte* 
* H k * * p . « 'to w *MN»y * sew t o I* art arterin. 6 >»** amy **• r*"*4 
.aw 
« rn mm 
^ m pg hi J lull Oft f f ifty Itll 
ZZVmT3 o n : z leman** t o tarty 

S v r p 

 at 4311 F redericksburg Road 

KENWOOD 

• Kenwood 
KR-36oo 
Receiver 
• Garrard 
44o-M Complete 
Record Changer 

Ultra!,near 2ooB speakers are par stereo rece,aer clavers 22^ watts 

 ticularly responsive to anyone*’ per chann«' 
"M S and taste 
The K en w ood K R -3 6 o o 
COm? T looks Ken wood is famous for 

AS © I © 
T i 
HK 

6o watt Sansui Receiver 
3o watts per channel minimum RM S • Two tape monitors 
Mio input • Two years in house warranty. Model 5o5o. 

 mu iNsncTTON or ah lama tots 
A Rf MIU IOU AT MO OtUOATIOM 

 b r a 
21 X U ! 
4 o c h a n n e l C .B . 

Brand new 4o channel radio with digital readout complete with electric 
AM/FM/CB antenna. 

D Y KR 
OKAL 

$ 2 1 9 7 7 

TP 9 o o b 

T M 
I P I O N E E R 
S U P £ R 
T U M 
E R ! 
Tp-eoos 

 e AM/FM In-dash with 
8-track and pushbuttons 

IV Z * 1 6 9 77 

 f\M-AM/FM Cassette! 
C a r Stereo 
• In dash mount • Eject 
• Fast for ward 

DYER 
O KAI 

 t forward 

* 6 9 ” 

9o minute 
BLANK 
8-TRACKS 

N O LIMIT 
88 

TRK-S1TOH 
HITACHI 
AM/FM 
Portable 
CasseHe 
-v 
Recorder 
• a c or dc a Tape counter o tone control 
DYER 
$ 
7 
o 
7 
7 

DEAL 
M 7 

 w m 
KC-.56H 

AM/FM C lo ck R a d io 

 a Weather band a Digital read-out 

 e Day/date 
DYER 
DEAL 
* 5 9 ” 

 dyer electronics warehouse 

4 3 1 1 f r e d e r l.lt .b u m R d . 
7 3 S -9 2 T 6 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday february 27 1 9 7 7 
Curt Elliott selected Bowler o f the Year 

Tho Southeast Classic Bowling 
Association honored Curt Elliott has its Bowler of the Year for 
1976. 
E lliott was p resen ted the award last weekend at North­ west Bowl in Houston. 

“ I was very pleased,” said the 
23-year old right hander. ‘‘I haven’t received anything that nice before. It really gives the bowlers something to bowl for in each SEC’BA monthly tour­ nament.” 
Elliott out-pointed runnerup Kirk 
Harper and third place Hick Loeb both of Houston, for the honor. The 
Bowler of the Year is based on tour­ nament points accumulated through­ out the season. 
H orse Him*in*: 

B O W IE 
V/>.csoo B a r b a r a I riff hie H a n d ic a p — 
A/'t. A iry Queen ( S l i t , A v u m , F o rty N in e Sunsets. 
Si v rn furlongs in 1: 23 44. 
FAIR G R O U N D S : 
$27,7/5 C re sce n t C ity D e rb y 
— O rle a n s A rtis t (S8 2o), Z e o o llrte , B a r te n d e r 
F ra n k 
One and 116 m iles In 1:44 4'5. 

O A K L A W N : 
F e a tu re — Count On Ju d y ($9.2o), 
Snobbish, Snobbish R u le r, T yk e s Tim e. O ne m ile and 7o v o rd s in 1:47 4'S, 
G U L F S T R E A M : s n / OOO G u ifs tre a m H a n d ic a p 
— Strik e M e L u c k y (4.11), Legio n, Y a m o n m . 11 I in 
* J OO J 5. 
O A K L A W N 
S?6,OOO Southw est H a n d ic a p 
J 
J. 
■ B a ttle ($7). A m a d e v il. B a r e B la d e. 6 fu rlo n g s in 
* 1 1 2 4 5. 
G A R D E N S T A T E P A R K 
V a lle y F o r g e H on d ica p 
- S h ark s Ja w s IS/ 4o). D o u b le Q u e s te r, 
En ch an te d N ative. One and U 6 m ile s in 1:47 ’ 4. 
L O U I S I A N A D O W N S e a tu re 
- 
E t o ile B ie n 
. 
(Ss).4o). P u m a C at. P ik o s S e c r e t a r i a t S i* and one halt furlongs in I: 23, 

“ I only won one tournament last year. but I made the finals seven times in Iii tournaments.” Elliott said. “ The award is really different. I ’m going to do the best I can each month in the 
HFBC A meets this year.” 
The (list annual 
T exas Tenpin 
Bowling Tournament gets under way 
Saturday at the Highland Park Social 
Club. The event features 435 teams from San Antonio, Houston, Seguin, La 
Grange. Rosenberg-Richmond, Austin, 
Brenham, New Braunfels. Sealy, 
Texas City, Schulenburg and Galves­ ton. The event concludes .lune 2B. 
Mary 
Falconer captured the monthly Ladies Amateur Tournament 
Association event at Southside. Sell 
Kecroft finished second and 
Linda 
Fox was third. Falconer’s victory was worth $115. 
Entry deadline for the 41st annual 
San Antonio Bowling A ssociation tournament is midnight March 13. 
Entry fee is $7 per event with an addi­ tional $2 all events fee. The meet starts 
April 23 with the team event at Wonder 
Bowl, and the singles and doubles at 
Sports Palace. Entries should be mailed to ll.II. "R ed” Holland at 
2811-A E. Southcross, San Antonio, 
78223. The meet ends May 8. 
Ronnie Hulme had a 2o7 game at 
Hermann Sons ... Doug Moe Jr., the son of the San Antonio Spurs’ coach, had a 256 game and a 672 series at Oak 
Hills ... Gall Cantu had a 269 at Oak 
Hills ... 
Blanca Larios had a 177 all sp are game and six-year old 
Allen 

Strikes 'n Spares 

■tv H a r r y l* a g r 

Not tan howled 1o5 pins over his 65 average with 119-3oo series at San Pe­ dro ... 
Evelyn Herrera bowled 117 pins over her average wit!) a 269 game. 
Robert Barber had a 167 triplicate. 
Thelma Tijerina had a 257, and Bob 
Harris 258 at Southside. 

Moving right along.. 

Jimmie Rivera had a 278 game and a 73o series, Rudy Baerwald had a 279 and a 7o1, Jerry Colson (A JBC ) had a 
234 game for 111 pins over his average, and Jan Williamson rolled her first 
6oo (OOI) all at Wonder Bowl ... Mary 
Moore picked up the big 7-1o split at 
All Star ... Jennifer Carter rolled an 

8o triplicate, Michael Burt rolled a 117 pins over his average with a 254-567, and eight-year old 
Charlie Green rolled 133 pins over his average with a 
2o3 game at Goliad ... Andv Eli/,undo, a kindergarten student, had a 3 — yes three — triplicate at Oak Hills ... The 
12th annual Texas “ HOO” Club Tourna­ ment will be rolled at Eastridgc Lanes in Amarillo. March 19-June 12; entry fee is $5 per person and they should he mailed to Pauline Thompson, 14o1 N. 
Marrs, Amarillo, 791o7; entry blanks can he obtained by calling 828-5746 lo­ cally. 
“ The American Bowling Congress wants to provide nuetral conditions for everybody,” said Roger Tessman to a 

 gathering of 56 people at Wonder Bowl this week. 
Tessman, the director of A BC ’s 
Rules Department, was in town to ex­ plain ABC’s new rules, listen to con­ structed criticisms, answer questions, and to note some local suggestions from proprietors, lane mechanics, and the like. 
“ We don’t want the conditions where: (A) You have a certain lane condition for the competitive and high average bowlers, and (B ) another for the social bowler.” Tessman ex­ plained. "Proficiency is what ABC wants under the same conditions. 
“ We love to give awards — as long as they are made on conditions that arc acceptable. It’s not a ease of how many awards are given. 
“ No one said the rules were Utopian or final, hut they’re what we’re going by now.” said 
Tessman.” 
ABC wouldn’t have any respect if it took a mild attitude towards its rules. The last thing is not to have hassles — hassles hurt the industry. We want to work collectively for the progress of the industry.” 
Deadline for entry into the Martha 
Washington tournament is May I 
Entries can he obtained at the Oak 
Hills Bow ling Center, 
CURT ELLIOTT 
. . SEBCA honoree 
Bow ling news at a glance 

HURRY! ENTER TODAY! 

CITY PUTTING ti CHAMPIONSHIP 

At I H o u r G o lf 

Free -'No Entry Fee - $12oo in Prizes 

3 Categories • Men's, Women's and Juniors (under IS) Putt anytime - Play 4 rounds to qualify before March 5. Playoffs on ties Saturday, March 5th at IN-IO locations, finals • Sunday, March 6th at IH-1o location. 

Highballs • all day at 1-35 . .. S O C 
Draft Beer • both locations.. 3 o 4 
I HOUR GOLF 
2 Locations 

# 1 IH-35 at Judson Road, 654-188o 

# 2 IH-1o and loop 41o, 349-1375 

L A N E N O T E S 
A L L S T A R : 
Lcond is B c a tv 614, R e * L o c 61o: Don H a rb o rth 6o2; 
B illy Lo vin g 6.18; 
D olly H o skin s 568, 
V iv ia n L o v in g 564, 
SoD hla 
Loon/ 556. Ju lia A ilu ro 569, E d n a A rb u th n o f 571 
B O W L E R A M A 
Je ff D 'ctzel 245 694. C h ris G o o d w yn 621 
D ie t/ri shot IOO Dins o ve r his a v e ra g e with his series, G ilD e rt P e re / rolled 
121 Dins over w ith a 598 series, and Don B rin s o n ro lle d IO) o v e r w ith a 15o series 
G O L I A O 
C h it H ew itt 631; C a lv in B uchhottz 614. Lo n n ie M an so io 
613. M ike B ro a d w a y 6o2. Dom e H o sk in s 623. M a r y M c M a n n e s 61 1, 
Lv n d a W ilk es 491, 586, 
P a t H a r r e ll 587; 
S a n d y H u ll 575; 
W ilm a 
H icks 566. (14 w om en o ve r 53o s e rie s ). The house h as a B o w lin g 
So e clal F rid a y and S a tu rd a y atter m id n ig h t 

H E R M A N N SONS; 
Ronm e H u lm e 267 66o. 
Ju a n C a r r illo 66o, 
C arlo s C astan ed a 243 656. 
Bob F r e e h a u t 243 648; 
Jim m ie R iv e r a 
626. 
B a r b a r a G rittin 562; 
Vie O rte g a 628, 
L a r r y S u fu n III 6o3. 
H a rv e y Ko ssner 623; M a rio Valdez 612. 
M I T C H E L L : 
Jim V o n d e m a rk 65o. 
Jo h n D A n d re a 644. 
W h io 
W illiam s 627; Jo e Lu o 626, Al E u d v 622; A l M o o re 622; A nn T a y lo r 
579, 557; Lolo G ra v e s 566; 
M a rg e G a rz a 564; 
W ilm a G r u v 554; 
Y u rik o Leig h 553. 
( IS m en o ve r 6oo s e rie s ; 
)4 w o m en o v e r 53o se ries). 
O A K HI LLS: 
R onm e H u lm e 257 7o1, 
H o r r y 
B o u ll 682. 
H a r r y 
F le tc h e r 246 669; 
Ron H avg o o d 6S5. 
L o r r y P o r r ln i 248 649; G a il 
Canto 269-631; M a r v A rn old 242 625; 
M a r y 
F a lc o n e r 621; 
B e ttie 
G cisle r 617, 612; Ann N elson 616 I IO w om en o v e r 6oo s e rie s an d 7o over 53o). G u m p C o m b e r! had a 249 g a m e , H a ro ld B o lm o s 245, Jo e 
P y k a 245. E d Tow nes 245, Ross N e w ell 243. A nn N elso n 245, S h irle y 
M ansfield 245, M a rg o Lo ch o m y 253 
D oua MOC ( A J B C ) 256 672. 
S A N P E D R O : 
S a lly C enter 581; D e e F ra n z 552; H e le n S h e p h erd 
548. F a y e Vogel 537; Cotton Ja ro s z e w s k i 224 534; Je s s e S a la z a r 648; 
P h il PhiliiD O i 611; R e v R a m ire z 6o9; 
C ra ig K e n n e d y 6o3; 
D a v e 
P a tty 6o2. (S i* m en o ver 6oo s e rie s ; se ve n w om en o v e r 53o s e rie s ) 
Voile Rodriguez had a 444 se ries tor 114 om s o v e r her a v e ra g e 
Susan HoD crte had a 4o8 for 1o8 Dins o v e r her o v e r a g e ; and W itm a 
L icc lo n had a 513 tor 
12o Dins o v e r. Al 
F e s t 
(S r . citiz e n ) 515; 
R e b e cca R a m ire z (B a n ta m ) 345 
The house is offering an in stru ction co u rse on S a tu rd a y s . 4 to 6 
D in — film s w ill be shown — b e ginning b o w le rs m eet a t 4 D rn. and the ad van ce d b ow lers m eet at 5. Jc a m n e S ch a o ck ( A J B C ) 537. 
S O U T H S I DE 
T helm a T ije rin a 257 597; Ju lia A lfa ro 595; E v e ly n 
H e rre ra 269 589; S h irle y M an sfie ld 589. R u b y in c 589; Lo u ie B la n 
Corte 247 666 Sam A rre d o n d o 642; Jo h n G o lv a n 634, M a n u e l G o n zale s 
632 
Jo e Lo red o 63o. Le o H in o iosa an d D w ig h t T h o m as both had 244 gam es, C h arle s Sm ith 242- Bob H a r r is 258. The M o n d a y M o rn in g 
La d ie s Le ag u e w ill hold a m eetin g at 9 3o a rn. 
M o n d a y , new m e m b e rs o re w e lc o m e d , fo r f u r th e r in fo r m a tio n c o ll C h a r lo tte 
C am m ack at 922 6961 or Jo h n M ille r at 927 37o1 
T U R N E R 
M a r y P e t r y 247 598, P e g g y M c ln t ir e 53o. H a r r y 
W ad h am s 535; Tom A itm e y e r 237 541 ; M a rtin A c k e rm a n 542. 
W O N D E R 
J im m ie R iv e r a 278 7 )o, R u d y B a e r w a ld 279 7o1, 
Pre sto n R e a g a n 677; F ra n k O rte g a 672, D a n n y E r r ic o 664; D eb bie 
Lauzon 671; Nell R e c ro lt 6o8. Ju d y B u rk h a r d t 6o2; Ja n W illia m s o n 

6o1. M a ry F a lco n e r 586, M y rt D e F ily 583. M a r k G o e rin g ( A J B C ) 
23) 6o6 
A S T R O: 
B e v e r ly H a llo w ich 566 
HeTtye S c h re e fe r 463; 
Je s s ie 
H a rv e y 563; K a th y Sa u e rs 56o, D e a n n e Sm ith 558, P a t T a rv in 552. 
R ita King 551 
D onnie C hastain 516; K e n n e th V a u g h a n 61o. 
S P O R T S P A L A C E : 
C h a rlie Tolle 257 71 3; M a rk Ro ss 694; L o r r y 
Ro ssiter 6/5, C arlo s C astan e d a 268 646; M o n o G a r c ia 65o. R o b ert 
Lee 643, H a rv e y K o ssn e r 643; C u rt E llio tt 643. L a u r a G o rg o n 599, 
B a r b a r a H a rtse ll 56J, Ju d y B u rk h a rd t 56o, M a r ie R o a ch 5.46, M a ry 
La ughlin 555. (23 m en o ve r 6oo s e rie s , 2o w o m en o v e r 53o s e rie s ). 
R ic h a rd Situ en tes ( A J B C ) 587 
Tim P a c k a r d ( A J B C ) 
541 
Je a n 
R cisch iin g rolled her first 5oo (549) and m en b o w le rs a re needed for the Autom obile D e a le rs Le a g u e that ro lls at 8 3o o.m . T h u rs d a y 
T H U N D E R 
A u ro ra Cooper rolled 1o1 Dins o v e r her o v e ra g e with a 256 g am e and a 557 series. Je a n in e S c h a a c k 
577; 
M a r y S a rii 
256 561. K a th y K irs t ( A J B C ) 56o; 
N d liie F irm in 555; 
Jim B o rin g 
598, W oody N o rris 591; Tony Hutto 593; Bob W a d e 593; Ron Song 
594 
C h arlie Blo unt 621. Jim m y C o llin s * A J B C ) 247 683 

L A T A 
Results at Southside: t, M a r y F u lc o n e r, 188 o v e ra g e , S H S , 2, Nell 
Recro ft, 183, $9o, 3, L in d a Fox, 181, $76, 4, C m d v Jo h n s o n , 18o, $65, 5, 
R ayn e M itchell. 174, $6o; 6, L a u rie Jo S ca le s . 18o, $55; 7, F a y Ttdrtck, 
166, $5o; 8, D ebbie Lauzon, 157, $45, A lte rn a te — N e id a T h o m as, $45. 
P a id through 16 places. H igh block for non c a s h e r — N o ra Jo h n so n , 
$25. High g am e for non ca s h e r — S h irle y M a n s fie ld , 224, $25. 1394, 
High gam e — Lauzon, 247. The next to u rn a m e n t w ill be held M a rc h 
26 2/ at Sports P a la c e . fCats win title 

SPfC IA l TO THE EXPRESS N E W S 

KINGSVILLE - Curtis 
Carter scored 21 points to lead Weimar to a 52-51 victory over Yoakum in the Redgion I V A A boys basketball championship game Saturday night,. 

Weimar had to ward off a Yoakum rally in the final quarter before tak­ ing the decision and earning a berth in the 
WHY 
HADTH€ 

The 1977 

Itasca Owner 

Protection Plan is already an industry phenomenon, lr ll covei you for no less than three years or 36, OOO miles. And nor just on a few isolated ports, either. We ll cover the inside, the outside, the underside— anything operational, except normal replacement items like spark plugs and oil filters. 
In fact, if you keep your 1977 Itasca 

 serviced regularly, we'll assure you thor for three yeors or 36, OOO miles, no repair job resulting from a mechanical malfunction will ever cost you more than $25. And for the first year or 
12,ooo miles— Itasca's Limited 
Warranty period— ir won t even cost you o penny. 
How con we afford to offer such o 

 pion? Because we think our Iroscos con stand up for a lot longer than three yeors or 36, OOO miles. 
And we've got more than a few 

 reasons for feeling so confident. 

WE RE BUILT ON A 
SOLID FOUNDATION 

PROTECTION. 

 lf you do hove a chassis-related 

 problem, you've got Chevy dealers — nor to mention Itasca dealers — virtually everywhere who ore ready and able to take core of ir. 
And thor con be very reassuring, even if you never need them. 

WE ONLY INSTALL EQUIPMENT 
WE CAN STAND BEHIND 

Every 

 interior appliance we install is thoroughly rested, lr has to be 
Because we also bock our appliances for three years or 36, OOO miles. 
There s nothing normal obour this 

 kind of protection. Mony motor home makers leave you ta fight your own harries with manufacturers when interior appliances oren’r working. 

WE'VE GOT THE DEALERS 
TO MAKE IT W O R K _________ 

Itasca is one of the fastest growing motor homes in yeors. 
And one reason is because we already hove over 15o carefully screened, qualified dealers around the country. 
Thor's good for us. And even better 

 for y™ k Because if you hove a problem with your Itasca, no marrer where you ore, there s on army of people who con solve it. 
WE'VE GOT THE BACKGROUND 
TO GIVE YOU THE BEST 

Iroscos ore built 

 by the people who make 
Winnebagos. No doubt, you've heard of them. 

Winnebago 

 people hove been 

 doing things right for a long, long rime. 
And we think Itasca is the culmination of all thor know-how and experience. 
Our background has taught us how 

 to offer comfort and quality or prices os low os $13,264* for our22' mini, 
$17,526* for our 25' full-size motor home. And these manufacturer's suggested retail prices even include transportation. 
Now a lot of other people will tell 

 you they're just os proud of their motor homes. Bur how mony of them will bock up their words with 36, OOO miles of protection? 

• W A H R PALP AND IAXES ARL DURA 

Class AA state meet next weekend in Austin. 

W E I M A R 
( S 2) 
— 
C u r t i s 
C a rte r 21, E r r o l Jo n e s IO. M c M i 
Ilion 6. B a rto s 6. H e n ry 5, Ilham s 
4, W illiam s. 
Y O A K U M 
St) — 
W h ile Col­ lins 21. P a t W ashington IO. M il choil 9. C re to rs 6. R o han 4. San- deiovic, R e n * en. 
H alftim e; 
W e im a r 22. Y o aku m 
12. 

P E A R S A L L 
(48) 
— 
L e s lie 
S tu d d a r d 22, E r i e 
T a y lo r 
)2, 
L a w le r 6. D 
G ro t 4. E . G ro t 2, 
Ro b led o 2. G a rz a , F lo w e r , W it son, W right, 
W E I M A R 
42) — R an d y B a r ­ tos 
19, 
E r r o l 
Jo n e s 
16, G lenn 
M cM ih ia n 
12, C urtis C a rte r 
IO, 
J 
W illia m s 3, R. W illia m s 2, 
A dam e ik. 
Halttime: 
W e im a r 3o, P e a r s a ll 
3o. 

Y O A K U M (S3 ) — 
W h ile Col lins 19. D a v id M itc h e ll t i, W a shington 9, C re to rs 6 R e n k e n 4, 
R ohan 2, So n d cio ric 2. 
L A J O Y A 
(44) — 
E d u a rd o 
H ernandez 
15, Issac G a r c ia l l . 
A n a s 9, P e r e z 7, N. G a r z a 2, 
Ruiz 
Half time: 
L a Jo y a 22, Y o a kum 18 

ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FLUID CHANGE I ADJUST 
CHECK UNKAGE-CIEAN 
FIITER-REPUCE PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

RESEAL 
SPECIAL 

When your transmission is leaking or jerking in some roses all you need is a seal job 

* 2 8 95 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED 

We are not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 
-ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTH SIDI LOCATION 
21o4 MANCO 
733-9439 cr 733-93o1 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 S. W.W. WHIT! 
333-o3oo 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
153S S.W. MILITARY OO. 
933-7ooo 

Itasca chassis, 

 driverroin and 

 engine are built and backed by 
Chevrolet, And you can't get much more reliable than that. 

I 
UP TO 
$75o ITASCA REFUND 

Th* first 7o boyars of a now Itasca, from February 25 through 
March 27, 1977 will receive • $75o cash rebate on th* C25A Model, 
$5oo Cosh Rebate on C27A, C27AI, and the C24C Models, end $3oo 
Cosh Rebate en the C22C and the C25C Models. The Seafarer and 
Sunftyer limited models are excluded. Make your best deal with a participating Texas dealer, than present this coupon for your ref and. 

Stases 

A O’«,»,or CU W ,«n#Meo inc 

HOME OF THE 3-YEAR/36.ooo MILE OWNER PROTECTION PLAN 

 t j & 
TINDALL AND SON MOTOR HOMES 
46oo SAN PEDRO 736-1561 or 736-1568 (ST,.') 

W A N T E D 

 x ,-vr SOJj&ie ngo CL3oC 

WK KOU HANKS 
- N O T l»KOI»LK 

OF 
F 

A ll M e n ’s « 

& S p r in t * 
Ladies9 Fall 
Fashions 

ONE DAY ONLY! 
FEBRUARY 28TH 

Cosh O nly, N o Refunds, N o Exchanges 

 so lu te BW CL3D€ Fashions 

W in d s o r P a r k .Wall 
L o w er Lev el 

Open Sa(.-N lon. I O A.NI. lo f# P . NI. 
J 

 i 
I 

 at top 

By JOHN HINES 
Of THt express n e w s stAff 
Will “expansion" bring about a new order in San Antonio high school baseball? 
That answer and a lot of others will be forthcoming “ in the weeks ahead as San Antonio starts the 1977 high school baseball season Tuesday. 
Despite losing some of their players to the new West Campus High School, 
South San Antonio's Bobcats are a harrow favorite to pull down a fourth consecutive city championship. 
The ‘Cats received the votes of nine coaches across the city, just one more than the Marshall team they defeated in the second round of the playoffs last year. Churchill was third with four votes, while nobody else had more than one. 
The Class AA AA bidistrict matchups are expected to be South San vs. Mar­ shall or Eagle Pass and Jefferson vs. 
Churchill. 
In the other districts, F red erick s­ burg and New Braunfels are favored to 

D IS T R IC T 29 A A A A 
SO U T H SA N A N T O N IO — W ithout e xp a n sio n to new sr hoot. Bob cats w ould be h e a vy city choice with tour veteran pitchers, bot only two o re bock with old school, righthander F ra n k D e La G a rza 
CT 13. 4 o) and letty E ic k y G a rc ia (J I) B rise n o hit 
.365 last year and C F E rn ie Ortiz .185 although he n orm ally let* for D H W hole infield will h o ve to be rebuilt, Bobby Alonzo. Roland S a n d ie r, G on zolo 
C o rra m o n and Billy Z am ora ore set to m o ve no to be a young team in experience. 
W e w onT to be a young team in E X P E R I E N C E 
W E won I h o ve the o v e rp o w e rin g p itc h e r o r th e s tro n g defensive unit of the oast. I feel we will com pete but to what extent depends on how well our new positions are filled." in sid e rs at school s a y that a s long o s he is cooch. 'C ots will be on top. But expansion to W est C a m p u s (and loss of three r e g u la rs ) c a u se s one city c o a c h to co m m e n t, 
South S o n 's reign is o v e r” Tim e will tell. 
M C C O L L U M — 
C o w b o y s w e re p r e s e a s o n c h o ic e a y e a r a g o , h a v e o n e of c i t y 's to p m oundsm en in T e rry R ale y (2-3, I 38 E R A , .295 o ve rag e ) O F Bill Hoi! batted .352 last ye ar, R ene 
G on zales at S S other re tu rn in g starte r. 
W e re in e x p e rie n c e d a n d h ittin g w ill be a a o e stio n m a r k ” sa y s C oach R ic h a rd Howell 
H A R L A N D A L E 
— 
"W ith seven re tu rn in g s ta rte rs we w ill ra n k h ig h in the s t a n d in g s , " believes Coach Pete Correa, w ho a d d s that the ind ians will be touoh defensively, although they need pitching. W hole infield is back, C R a y m o n d 
M oya. IB Joe G orzo. ?B E rn e st Serrato. S S Jesse 
G a rcia and 3B Alex G arza, a s well a s outfielders 
Raul Sd ioror and Pablo Rodriguez 
J U D S O N — 
R ockets have six returnees bock, 
O F Shelby F ik c .324). P Steve H a b e rstro h (5-2). C 
Scott Huntsm an. M a rk L ad d and D a v id P o ire r in the infield and R icky Hohensee in the outfield 
E A S T C E N T R A L - 
H o rn e ts a nother y o u n g team tacking experience, will get it in firs* se aso n 
OI A A A A boll 
Vets back are P F re d d v L a n a e 
(I 3), P IB L a r r y Hill (t 2). P 28 B ria n B u c k e t e r 
( O D , 3B Glenn Hill, S S R a n d y Ja m e s and O F B e n 
Gonzales. 
L A R E D O M A R T IN — T ige rs will bonk on one of circuit s too pitchers, four year re gu lar H u m b e rto 
P io 
Valdez. 5 5 in 1976. jo im e Le iia at firs* and 
R anchito F a ria s at short have been Alt D istric t in the past, 26 O sca r Everett com es off 2/o season. 
F o u r m o re r e tu rn in g le tte rm e n m a k e T ig e r s contenders 
L A R E D O N IX O N — 
Hot a s e x p e rie n c e d o s 
M artin, M u s ta n g s return som e co n ab le p la y e rs such a s All D istrict SS M ik e L u n a ( 288), C k e n 
H ickic ( 285), S S Beto Sonckez. P 3B M a r io San chez I M in league) and O F Joe E o d n o u e z . 

D IS T R IC T 3o-AAAA 
M A R S H A L L — This could be c ity 's m ost exciting 
A A A A district race R o m s will be starting second stra ig h t year w ith new cooch, D e n n y Iv e y , w h o areets three ot top four pitchers from 21 It sauad. four other returning re g u la rs ond two other letter­ m en Salazar hit 173 with five H E a n d 2/ R B L h a s help from Steve Jew asko at third. W illie F ro n tze n behind bat ond Rick L o d e s in g a rd e n M ik e R uiz at second and Steve Tielze in the outfield lettered a vear ago R o m s ore in good shoppe p itc h in g wise. with Roddy W illis 
1o 3 after IOO stort). Ted M a n w arin g (4-5) and Ja y M o o se ( I 2) 
W e feel we h a ve o solid team ." Ive y says. " lf our p itc h in g co m e s through we should have a good ch an ce at w in n in g district." 
E A G L E P A S S — B order B ird s b u rn in g to get on too agom atter lost inn ing playoff lo ss to D e l R io lost year ended team s six ye a r district c h a m p io n sh ip tenure. Lefty Je sse Sontova (9 I and IO 4 in first two y e a r s ) one of best p itc h e rs a ro u n d 
F o u r o th e r re g u la rs return 
P O F E h g io M unoz ( 3oo. J I), S S isroet E sp a rz a . IB Teodoro C a n o on d O F J u lia n 
Valdez, a s well o s five returning letterm en. 
W e will be ready and give our new district a ru n for their m oney.' p ro m ise s C oach P olo M o n c a d a and p ro spects indeed look good tor E a g le s 
D E L R IO — B ro d W aits (6 3) one of top pitchers in league, beat E a g le P a s s twice dow n the stretch a veor a go M a r c u s Seiders. C F (.325), C R F Steve 
Pivier ond P Ole R o d rig u e z ( 2 D other re g u la rs 
N ew C o o ch R o g e r B la n k s sa y s. ' T h is w ill be o rebuilding year. but I figure we will be able to hold 
Our own with the best in the league W e should be fairly strong up the m iddle 
H O L M E S — B ro w n belted 
415 las* year. Jet* 
F ra n z beside him a* short hit .282 O ther retu rn e e s a re )B Alfred M unoz and C R udy M o ra le s A m o n g five returning lettermen. P au l C o m p o lo (111 could m ak e H u skie s double tough on the d a v s he pitches 
W e have good defense o n d foir p itc h in g ," s a y s 
C ooch Svi Perez, "but we m ust hit and sco re ru n s it we re going to win 
JO H N JA Y — M u sta n g s lost playoff to M a rsh a ll for JI A A A A title a year ooo. return s lu g g in g O F 
D e a n D a v id (tw o tim e A ll D is t r ic t ) a n d W o o d y 
W o o d ru ff a lo n g with P O F T om C o s a z r e z ( l l). 
H o w e ve r, eight other letterm en c o m e b o ck a n d 
C oach Rooer Totsch says. 
W e ii hove a fair learn if 
Our pitching com es through 
E D G E W O O D — F o rm e r M a rsh a ll m entor W olfer 
Stem new R a id e r co o ch , g re e ts r e g u l a r s P 3 8 
D a n n y D iaz t i I). 2B B ob by C astano on d S S B o b b y 
Baiza 
M E M O R IA L — Another new cooch here. form er 
Kennedy H ign and Si M a r y s (J p e rform e r C a rlo s 
G a rcio M inutem en could do som eth ing with six vets b a ck 
S S P Ste ve G u o d ia n o (O S). O F P R o b e rt 
A icorta ((361. C O F C a rlo s G uerro. S S J a m e s Jen rungs. O F G eorge F lo re s ond 18 C R o y D iaz 
K E N N E D Y — Rockets in rebuilding year. C oach 
B a rn e y C ruz needs tive m ore v ic to rie s tor IOO a* school in eignt years. 
D IS T R IC T JI A A A A 
J E F F E R S O N — C oach Rout Z a m o ra could lead 
Ponies to playoff series with brother R o b e rt s South 
San team 
R e a so n s tor optim ism a re P F ra n k 
D o vo io s (5 41 ond Rene M e n ch o co (3 4), All D istrict of Benny Silva ( 41o o s a soon), IB F re d Trevino, 
SS Anthony M artinez a n d 38 Brent Joh nson. F o u r lettermen bock uo these returning re g u la rs 
H IG H L A N D S — 
O w ls ' th re e y e a r tid e ru n in danger Cooch Rooert R ice points auf. 
W e o re in a m otor rebuilding ye a r fry in g lo repioce eight lost starters. W e hove never hod so few p ro ve n p lo v e rs oom o into o season 
Keith K enn er (.3)3) w a s O H last year. will play short this year 
Six letterm en 

ALBERT BRISENO 

 win zone titles in 13-AAA, Cole is the pick in 27-AA. Hondo in 28-AA and defending state cham pion C entral 
Catholic in the TC1L. 
Three returning Ali-City players re­ turn, South San catcher zMbert B ri­ seno, Marshall shortstop Terry Salazar and H olm es third b asem an R ick 
Brown. St. G erard’s second sacker 
Charlie F’uente m ade the team two years ago 
Here is a closer look at 
1977 prospects. 

 returning, includ ing P Tony D e La O (2 o ). O w ls 
59 15 over lost three ye a rs 
B U R B A N K — 
N ew C o a c h Joe G a lv a n g re e ts three starters, 7B R u d y Zapata. P T e rry V a n Vol ken burg (1 3 ) ond L F L a rry D u ran. T eam is young, inexperienced. 
F O X T E C H — 
"W e 'r e g o in g to h a ve only four seniors on the whole batlclub ond could have os m any o s tour sophom ore startin g," points out C oach 
Lee Direr. R oger G a rio a y 8 5 ond 4 6 lost two ye a rs, is mined on m ound bv C a rlo s D e lg a d o (o 2). R oul 
F igueroa bock behind plate, os Is D e rric k C lo m o n at first and G re g L u n a ond M ig u e l Lopez in outfield 
L A N IE R — V o k s could be sleeper, hove exper fenced h a n d s b a c k of m ost spots. C o o ch P h illip 
Clock will m ove his infield arou n d , sw itc h in g All 
District 38 F re d d v M e d in a to short ond Joh n Cos- tonodo from second to third M e d in a H D , E d d ie 
R o m ire z (1-2), Jo h n n y L e y v a (4-3) a n d T o m m y 
E sp in o sa O D will do the pitching, R o la n d Ortiz Is the catcher. John Poez re tu rn s at first ond D on nie 
E sp in o sa and Robert V illan u e va in outfield. 
W H E A T L E Y — 
Six re g u la rs back. C o a ch R o o 
Neelev says, "W e have good speed a n d defense and depth in pitching, although no stud W e 're w eak at the plate." O F Tony P le a sa n ts stole 18 b a se s lost veor ond S S P H onk T re vin o 17 Joey M a rtin e z will be in outflted this veor otter hitting 29o and stealing 
16 bases in D H role R alp h P e n a is b ack at second ond heading the pitching corp s ore M o n d o R o m ire z 
(3 2) and R u d y Q uintana (2 2) 

S A M H O U S T O N — 
F o u r s ta rte rs b o c k : S S P 
W ovne Lo ge (.3o8). D F P Tim Stron q (o 3), C P 
M ike Jen drusch (o-1) and 3B D on ald Peters. 
E D IS O N — Catcher Billy M o n tc m a v o r blasted tour nom e runs lost year B e a rs also greet C h a rle s 
W allace back at short and Joe Ortiz at second 

D IS T R IC T 32-AAAA 
C H U R C H IL L — 
Seven re tu rn in g strid e rs, four other letterm en m ake C h a rg e rs p re se aso n favo r 
Des Ai Serna <6 I) heads the pitching deportm ent 
Som e fam iliar n a m e s o r c in other sp o ts, w ith football s ta rs E o b e rt E M e v ( 31o) b e h in d plate, 
Buzzy N elson (.281, 3 3) on m ound and first. M a rk 
H orrelso n ( 3o3) in right ond R onnie N ip p e r (.75o. 
I o) P O F. Other re g u lars back m o n the left side of the infield. S S F o rd Bow lin (.29o) a n d 3B Tick St 
Clair 
M A C A R T H U R — 
B ra h m a s ap p e ar other m a io r title threat, headed bv P Jam ie M a rtin (1o-3, I 42). 
M a rk Lo n g w as 5-1 him self with 7 /3 E R A B o b b y 
Kohler at IB only other returnee C ooch R o d Soesb e thinks, 
We should hove good team speed but will be ve ry young a* m ost Infield positions. W ith M a rtin our pitching will be bettor titan o ve rag e , although it cloes not look like our hittma will be real stro n g We have som e good young m en w ho hustle ond I hope this will m ake up for som e of our w e a k n e sse s." 
R O O S E V E L T — 
C o ach Irl K in c a id tak e s o ve r atter guid ing M a rsh a ll to second ro u n d of playoffs last veor. "W e will tie ve ry young ond m ust get good defense on d pitching to be com p e titive W e lock p o w e r," he o d d s O nly E d d ie Ktin e fe ld e r behind plate ond Ja m e s E a n e s in L F return, although five lettermen back them up. 
L E E — V ols hove seven starte rs back, includ ing 
SS M a rk Scfuavone, only holdover from 19/5 district ch a m p s. T k e re is d ep th on m o u n d w ith B r y a n 
F e rg u so n (4^o). Ronnie C lem ens t i I) on d E d Hat ten * I-Ii. Bill Bond bock to form D P com bo. Jeff 
B row n and Paul Rocket* patrol p a stu re again. 
SA N M A R C O S — R attlers could be sleeper with return of half-dozen regulars. C ooch T o m m y D o rte r says, "M o st of them started a s so p h o m o re s on I J-IO team. with six at the losses by one run. two b v 3-2 to district cham pion H ig h la n d s W e could develop into a fine team or be only average, d ep end ing on tke am ount of d e sire in vo lve d ." M ilc h H o illid o v (5 5) bock on m om nd alonq with T ony W a lk e r (7 I and also SS*. Robert Q uintero (I o) and a lso O F ) and 
Peter Q u in te ro H O) a n d a lso S S ). F ir s t s a c k e r 
Fra n k C ontreras betted 32o Last year, w hile Robert 
ToOkjs is back at third. 
S E G U IN — 
L o a d s ot e x p e rie n c e b o ck sh o u ld va stly im p ro ve 6 18 situation ot y e a r a g o P IF S 
M ike W undt (4 8|, C h ris FretHs (1 3 . 133) and Brett 
B la n c h i* I 5) head a returning cast w hich includ es C 
P au l Tristan, i f s H a ro ld L am m . W ayn e G a rre tt god 
M a rvin Clock a n d O F s Anthony Patek T e rry M iller and John Schram m . 
A L A M O H E IG H T S — D a n n y P a d ro n m o v e s over from St G e ro td s a s new coach, s o y s 
P itc h in g is o u r b ig g e s t q u e s t io n m a r k . lf w e c o n g e l o n adeauote lob (rom our sophom ore pitchers, we will hove lo oe considered a serio u s contender. Team speed ond defense ore our m otor stre n gth s.' Billy 
M eurm w as J 4 and 31o a* P I S last year, is lom ed ogam bv C R o m o n D e Leon, 7B R ic k A g u irre , SS 
Anthony Conchoid, 3B G re g T h o m a s and C F D a v id 
Sanchez, 
C L E M E N S — Butts have one of c ity ’s best catchers in R a y Corbett ( 3o5), other ve te ra n s in L F 
B J. Salter ( 79o) a n d C F M a r k W a ld ro o off two stra igh t 14 A A A title sq u a d s a s they p re p a re to m o ve into first y e a r of b ig sc h o o l c o m p e titio n 
Cooch K e n n y F lo yd say s, 
We re y o u n g P itc h in g is a auestion m a rk ." 

T O L 
C E N T R A L C A T H O L IC — 
B u tto n s o re loaded, could be real threat tor best team in city. 
O u r p ro gra m nos attained the ch am p ion ship level." s a y s 
C o a c h Jo e C o rte z, w e h o v e m o re a n d better p lo v e rs co m in g out eoeh y e a r O u r teom w ill be strong *n ck lense a n a pitching, a v e ra g e in h illin g and will suffer from a lack of sp eed .' 
Team won 
North lo o p sum m er league features se ve n return m g starters, including T O L All State rs D a v id P o l­ lock. C IB. 3o5. ond P O F S S J e rry Z a m o ra ISO . 
365 and w inner of the state ch om ip ton skip ga m e ) 
Other vets ore P S S R o v e rt D o m in gu e z (4 )1 , P 
Florence* M o re n o (IO ) ?B Joey M o m e r, JB D a v id 
Slanush ( 798) ond C F R o y T re vin o ( 785) 
A N T O N IA N — Fou r re g u la rs back for new coach 
D a n n y K u re sk o S S A n d v Reyes, O F D ick ie Rendon and pitchers Rene H m otoso ( 2 D and L o u is Zom or- ripa (I 7). 
H O L Y C R O S S — 
Ail Stater R o n n ie G o n z a le s is benm d the plate again to lead the K n ig h ts' ch a rg e 
Other re g u la rs o re IB P D a v e G u sm a n (4 5). O F 
Tom V ald e z) P O F R o la n d C o cn e io (2 I) a n d S S 
C esar M acias. C ooch W alt S p a rk s expects the club to hove m ote botonee a n d speed, though la c k in g power Team could bn pennant contender 

S T 
G E R A R D 'S — 
B a s k e t b a ll C o a c h S t a n 
Bonewitz tokes over the reins, has so m a good talent in Puente (.333). catcher Ronnie R e sp o n d e k ( 3o5). 
P Roland G a rza (6-3). C h a rlie M eutk a* first a n d 
Roland R odriguez at third ' It our y o u n g pitchers will develop, we should be a con te n d e r," Bonew itz sa y s 

13-AAA E A S T ZO N E 
N E W B R A U N F E L S — U n ico rn s return C T e rry 
Tousch (.3o6), 3B G re o g Schorn, O F G o ry F ish b e c k o n d P O F R o la n d M a rtin e z and M o n d o M o ra le s . 
Coach Peter G a rza is optim istic. 
S O U T H S ID E — 
O u r stre n g th sh o u ld be o u r 
Infield ond outfield," C oach Ja m e s Tally predicts 
"W e have two good starting pitchers and ove rall I feel good a b o u t the s e a s o n a n d se e a v a s t im p ro ve m e n t on last y e a r s re c o rd (8 -1 4 )." W hole infield returns. T o m m y U rie g o s, G ilb e rt Jim enez. 
F ra n k Cestos (.312) and D a v id C astillo Joe U rte ga s 
(3-4) and Jim enez (2-5) back on m oun d along with 
Castillo (o-1). F ra n k B ry a n d Is back In right field 
P L E A S A N T O N — 
S lu g g in g o u tfie ld e r T e r ry 
M o n ro e is bock atter a .4o3 All D istric t cam paign. 
R a y B row n (6 4) heads m ound corp s, w hile other starters ore 3B Felix H ernandez. C Jo h n n y Soteilo o n d S S A lan F lo re s (.3/5). 
G O N Z A L E S — Cast includes 2B S S M o rg a n B a r nett, 3B M ik e B arn e tt, 2B B r y o n B m rr o w s . L F 
Kenneth L e P ori, C Pete W ilke rso n a n d P J a so n 
B runs. Apach es will be young 
N E W B R A U N F E L S C A N Y O N — Se ve n sta rte rs re tu rn 
C Jeff B o rm g n n , I B M ik e B o rm a n n , 2B 
Carlton Schw ab. P S S Joe Llam as, 38 R u sse ll Abel. 
L F Keith Peace and C F Steve Stoite. 

13 A A A W E S T Z O N E 
F R E D E R IC K S B U R G — 
B illie s w ill be s tro n g afield but lack pitching with grad u ation of Lo n n ie 
M arouordt, s a y s Coach Tony Knopp. R e turn ees a re 
C K irk W illiam s. P 2B Robert H a rtm a n n , 3B B ro d 
Kott, P SS D o u g la s K u h lm a n n (3-5), C F Kilt H a rd in and L F M ik e M artinez. B illies bidding to repeat a s zone cham ps. 
U V A L D E — D a n n y M otcocha. fo rm e r P le asan to n coach, re tu rn s to d istric t a s C oyote b o ss. S e v e n returning starters o rc 3B G re g K olinek, C F Steve 
Cargil, R F O sco r A ieiandro. C Tad Neutzc. 1B V an n 
M c E lr o v . L F B o zo A ld e rs o n a n d 2B T o m m y El- linger. 
SO U T H S A N W E S T — Three re g u la rs return oft 
A A A A South San s state finalists. N ew C o u g a rs will h a ve good left righ t p itc h in g pu n ch in R ic k y L o 
Fo sse (4 o )a n d D a n a H itchcock (o-1). A llen S ta rr in 

C F started a s so p h o m o re last y e a r tor B o b c a ts 
Fo rm e r South Son assistant T om m y C o m p se v will coach C ougars, w ho will start five so p h s ond two tum ors in first year 
S O U T H W E S T — Exp e rie n ce is good in p e rso n s of 
P O F R ick Blair (.3/o). Joh n R o b e rts a n d K ic k y 
Verstuvft. P C ra ig M artinez, O F C laud e Roberts. 28 
M ik e O Brie n , S S J e rry O B ria n a n d 3B J o se p h 
H e rre ra 
It s all going to depend on the pitching, 
^ovs Coach W ayne Burdette, over from four v e e rs of A lam o Heiahts 
K E R R V IL L E T IV Y — A rnold Sm ith P IS , batted 
39o lost year and batterym ate Jo h n n y W a y .35o. 
Other vets ore C F R aym on d A g u irre ( 28/), L F E lo y 
F io re s and 3B B a rt Scherer. New co a c h is D o n g 
O rebaugn 
C A R R IZ O S P R IN G S — Halt dozen returnees are 
O F R o y M artinez. M anuel P e ra le s and A rtu ro Rids, 
P D ove M a r Inez. S S Rick T alom antes a n d 28 B ra n t 
Allen. Cooch F ra n k N ovolo thinks. 
W e should be in the thick of the zone ra ce ” 
C R Y S T A L C IT Y — Vets ore IB F Joe G u zm a n , 
2B L u c io V ald e z. 3B P A lfo n so So n to s. S S J e s se 
G uerrero. C O F Joh n Com pos, O F C h ris P e ra le s. C 
R e n e T re v in o o n d O F P E lo y M e n c h a c a 
G o o d infield paces J a ve lin s' bid under new coach R 
Hernandez. 

D IS T E IC T 27-AA 
C O L E — "W e should be ve ry com petitive if we get any kind of pitching, we have proven p lo v e rs in ail k e y p o s itio n s , s h o u ld h it w e ll a n d p lo y g o o d defense, sa y s C oach W ayne Jordan. D o u g Kiel rn 
C F hit 341 lost veor, is flanked bv R ic h a rd L e w is and R oo Colev a ga in Joe K ro w c z v k ( 287) bock at third, Brian Fow cett at short and D a rre ll K u re k at first. M ik e H a a e n ( 333) b e h in d plate a n d G re g 
Atenclo (.287) is the OH. No real stopper on m ound, though 
B O E R N E — 
T h re e Ail D is t ric t c h o ic e s b o o st 
G re yh o u n d s' chances, P J B John A sto ria and W ade 
B a ss and C F M ik e H a a s Other sta rte rs b a rk ore 2B 
G e ra ld Q uinn. S S E d d ie O rte g o o n d R F B o b b y 
C orcoran and L F R oy Fellow s. T h is is a senior teom with good d efense and hitting a n d is a title con tender 
B A N D E R A — 
Bulld ogs h a ve back P B o b R ile y 
<5 8 and winner of all but one victory last y e a r), C 
Tim H icks. 2B Dovtd O rgnd v, S S P re sto n Jen nings, 
38 P Russell H a v e s and O F G a ry Sch m id tk e and 
Kedh Boyd 
S M IT H S O N V A L L E Y — O nly two p lo v e rs hove hod an y varsity experience to soeok of ond it will likely take thus year tor the R a n g e rs to get their feet 

 on the ground 
D IS T R IC T 28 AA 
H O N D O — O w ls m isse d third straight district title by lust a gam e lost year. have excellent pitching returning that can w in it ru n s ore provid e d John 
H a re bock os P 1o (5 2. o 89). Joe O rtega w a s 5C and I 24 also p lo ys firs* B u b b a L o u g h in g h o u se 
C J B . hit 389 L F T o m m v T a y lo r 
444 
2B Jim 
W eynand 325. C F M ik e H a r e b e ll 
DO M ik e Row left hock in R F 
M E D IN A V A L L E Y — P a n th e rs returned to g lo ry decode of I963” 7 bv w inning district lost year, nave the gu n s to do it o gain with the likes of P O P G re o 
Kem pt t.275. 4 2, 2 37), je rry Hood (3-1. I 41) 
?B 
Donald H ens ( 336 18 e xtra base hits .18 R B i s rn 78 go,lins. 
936 tleldm g m a rk in leo ch a n c e s) 
C IR 
Rom an Gorzo. C F ra n k ie Kem pt. S S D u an e Schu chort and 3B G eoffrey Grot* C ooch G e rry K em pt soys. "Our Infield should ne solid ond the outfield 

 and ca tch in g a d e au o te 
K e m p t h a s two s t r o n g years on the m ound ond should be our b ig stooper. 
O ur success will depend on our other pitchers H o n * is a real clutch m an with pow er to on fields and w a s 
All District with G re o Kem pt lost ye ar. with G a r z a honorable m ention Ail District 
S O M E R S E T — 
E ig h t sta rte rs b a c k for C o o th 
Glenn Keller s Bulldogs. Steve B ra t* al third hit .TSO 
o year ago and C K irb y Cline 3oo Joe De L a R o sa a) h rs* fielded 995. rest of infield re tu rn s ?R R o b e rt 
H ernandez and S S Al D e H ovos .Jim T aylor (2 ?) back on m ound. D a v id G om ez and G ene G iiim n n return in outfield 
P E A E S A L L — Pitcher D ickie G rot heads list of seven returnees. In clu d in g C R ic h a rd G a rz a . IR 
1 a r r y L a w le r 
S S G e o r g e C e ib o s ',Ok. 3B J 
P. 
N avarro. LF Pot C a rra sc o and R F R ir k v Rendon. 
Slow start likely because m ost of team is in baske! ball, but M a v e ric k s expected lo be contender later. t m 
COUPE DE VILLE 
STOCK— # 1oo5 
36 MO.-CLOSED END 

226-7221 adttfac 

F r i d a y ^ l a t e 

] \ l t . \ b o x e s 

H O U ST O N (123): M olone 2 o o 
4. Newlin 9 11 12 29, K un nert 9 2-2 
2o. J LuCOS 9 o o 18, M u rp h y 7 9 9 
23, Johnson 6 ? 2 14 D. Jon es 5 5 6 
15, Kennedy o OO o 
Totals 47 
29-31. 
P O R T L A N D (1o6): G ro ss 5 o o 
IO. M L u c a s IO 7 to 71. W alton 5 
12 11, H ollins 6 I 2 13, Tw ordzik 3 
7 9 13, R. Jones 1 o o 2, Steele I 7 7 
4. D a vis 2 4 5 8. Neat 1 o o 2, Gil ham 2 2 2 6. W alker 3 O O 6, Cal boun 2 O O 4 Totals 41 24 32. 
Houston 
71 XI 39 29— 123 
Portland 
24 24 28 3o— 1o6 
F o u le d o u t — R 
J o n e s. T o tal fouls— Houston 3o, Portlan d 32. 
P H IL A D E L P H IA (1o2): E rv in g 
8 6 8 72, M c G in n is IS o o 3o. Jones 
3 o-o 6, Bibby 3 o o 6, F re e 6 5-5 17, 
M ix 3 I I 7, C ollin s 5 2 2 )2 D a w ­ kin s 1 o o 2 Totals 44 14 16 1o2 
L O S A N G E L E S (1o4). F o rd 6 
o o 12. R u sse ll l l o o 28. A b d a l 
Jabber 15 9 IO 39, A llen 5 o o IO. 
C h an cy 3 o o 6. Abernethy 1 o o 2, 
T atum o 1 2 1, R o b e rts o O O o. 
L a m a r 1 o o 2. Kuoec 2 oo 4 Totals 
47 IO 17 1o4 
Philadelphia 
79 78 16 79— 1o7 
Los Angeles 
78 74 78 74— 1o4 
F o u le d o u t — N o n e 
T o ta l f o u l s - P h i la d e l p h i a 
1 8 . 
L o s 
Angeles 15. A — 17,5o5. 
BO ST O N (1o2) 
Row e 1 o o 2. 
Sound ers 6 2-4 14, Cow pns 4 5 6 13, 
Havlicek 8 3 3 19. W hite 8 4 4. TO. 
W icks 6 5 6 17. K u b e rski 5 12 11. 
Stacom 2 o o 4. W ilson o o-o o. A rd 
I IF 2 2. Bosw ell o o-o o Totals 41 
7o 27 IO? 
S E A T T L E (97): W eatherspoon 
1o o o 2o, Seals 1 1 7 3. B u rle so n 4 
4 4 12, Brow n 6 11 13. W atts 4 o 2 8. 
L ave 3 S S ll. G reen o 7 4 2. W il­ kerson 4 2 2 IO, Norw ood o o o o, 
Joh nson 6 1J 13, Tolson o O O o 
Totals i i 16 23 92 
Boston 
18 29 33 22— 1o? 
Seattle 
7) 72 2S 2 4 - 92 
F o u le d o u t ~ N o n c 
T o ta l f o u ls — B o s t o n 22, S e a tt le 26. 
Technical— A id A — 14,o98. 
A T L A N T A (87): D rew 9 7 9 75. 
Robinson 8 3 4 19, M e rriw eather 7 
3 6 I/. C harles 4 O O 8. Hill I fro 7, 
B row n I o-o 7, T e rry 2 o o 4, H aw es 
3 o o 6, H udson I 2 2 4 Totals 36 
IS 21 87 
C H IC A G O (96): Jo h n so n 5 6 9 
16, M a y IO 7-2 72, G ilm o re 7 4 6 18. 
Holland 9 o o 18. V on L ie r I O O 7. 
Mengeit 5 o o IO. Pondexter 4 o o 8 
Boer w inkle I OO 2, K ro p p o o-o o. 
H ic ks o OO o. Totals 42 12-1/ 96 
Attorns 
16 21 26 24— 8/ 
Chtcoto 
26 25 22 21-94 
F o u le d o u t — D r e w . 
T o to l fouls— Atlanta 
26, 
C h ic a go 
72 

D E T R O IT (112): C a rr 6 IO 12 
27, H Porter 9 7-/ 25, D o u g la s 3 O O 
6. M o n e y 3 6 8 12, F o rd I 2-7 4. 
B a rn e s o O I o. Sim pson 9 S-6 23, 
E b e rh a rd 5 5 6 IS, B ro w n I 3-4 5, 
K Porter o OO o, Sellers o o-o o 
Totals i i 38 48 117. 
N E W Y O R K .1o6): von B re d o 
Koitt 4 6 6 14. D avis 4 (TO 8. H u gh e s 
o I 2 I, W ohl I 17 3, Skinner 8 4 4 
2o. H aw kin s 11 6 / 28, B a sse H 7 7 4 
6. Bantoni 8 8 ll 74. F ox o 2 7 2, 
Terry o o-o o Totals 38 3o 38 1o6 
Detroit 
22 77 73 68-112 
New York 
1/ 25 l l 11 — 1o6 
Fouled out— Brow n, W ohl Total fo u ls— Detroit 29. N ew Y o rk 38 
A — 6,935 

N E W Y O R K (IO /): M c M ille n 8 
o o 16. M c M illion 1 o o 7. M cA d o o 
12 4 4 28. F ra zie r 7 2-2 6, M o n ro e 4 
1 1 ll. B e ard 2 * i t . Ja c k so n o l l 
I. Shelton 6 5 5 1/. B ra d le y I O O 7. 
B urden 5 2 4 17. M e m m g e r 2 O O 4 
Totals i i 71 73 IO/. 
N E W O R L E A N S (174): Griffin I 
o o 7. Stallw orth 1 o o 2, M o o re J 
4 5 IO, M o r o v l c h 26 16 19 68, 
M c E lro y I 2-1 8. Colem an 3 o o 6 
W illiam s 4 o-18, H o w o rd S 2 2 17, 
K e lle y I o o 2, J a m e s 1 o o 2 
Behqgen I o o 2. W alker 1 o o 2 
Totals 5o 24 1o 124. 
New Yarn 
24 17 14 1o— 1o7 
New Of (eons l l 14 l l 2o— 124 
Totol tools — New Y o rk 21, New 
O r ie o n s 
I ) , 
F o u le d 
O U t-M o ro v iC h , T e ch m co l — N ew 
Y ork Cooch H olzm on A — 11413 

D E N V E R (D O ) 
T hom p son 14 
7 9 IS. Jones I 7 8 71. Isse i 14 17 14 
IO, P ric e I l l s , T aylor 2 OC 
C alvin 4 4 4 17. S v io s I o-o 7, W ise 3 
J 5 9. Webster o o o o. Beck 1 o o 2 
Totals 4/ 36 43 I Kl 
K A N S A S C IT Y (1 28 ): R o b in zme 4 5 6 13. W e d m an IO o-o 7o 
L ac e y 9 ? 4 7o, B o o n e 8 6 6 22 
Taylor 8 SIO ?1, W ashington 9 4 5 
22. E a k m s o o o o. M c C a rte r I 2-2 
4, Johnson o o-o o, H a n se n 3 OO 6 
Totals 52 74 l l IT I 
D e n ve r 
16 28 IS 2 8 - D O 
K an so s City l l i i 21 17-12 8 
F o u le d o u t — L a c e y . 
T o to touts— D en ver Jo. K a n s a s City 29 
T echn ical!— S v io s J. issei, Lacey 
A -9.4/6 

More makes. More models. More choices. 
Fargo. Johns 
Manville. Taylor-Din in. 
Cushman. 
New. Used. 
Dependable parts and service (or golfers and gob courses for almost forty years. 

BOTH 
STORES OPEN 
TODAY! 

THE DEMAND 
SPEAKER 

The Utah DX IOO; 5 year parts and labor Warranty. 

SUNDAY SALE PRICED 

Wold “88’ 
SPEAKERS 
A M I 23” tall 
While they last. 
SUNDAY DooKBUSTH PRICED 

* 3 9 

8o Minute 
8 Track Blanks. 
While they last. 

9 
2 
’ 

N O L IM IT S ! 

KENWOOD 
RECEIVER 
KR 26oo, AM-FM Receiver with 15 watts per chan­ nel RMS. 
SUNDAY SALE PRICED 

PIONEER 
SUPERTUNER 
Model TP 9oo. I track aula player ^ with TM Starro > I I Q 

" T T 

BASF 
PERFORMANCE TAPE 

I Track, 9o 
Minute (Model 
ITM) 

Cot left* 9o 
Mmuta (Modtl 
C9o) 

SAVE $13o! 
IF PURCHASED 
SEPARATELY, 429.8o. 
SUNDAY SYSTEM 
PRICED AT ONLY 

CRAIG 
8-TRACK 
RECORD 
Modal 
33o, 
White 3 leat. 
SUNDAY SAU 
Fete lo 

 i n * DUA! AUTOMA TK 

, C d d y ^ b d M j H B f A 
11*KT A t li 
W I 

BOTH 
STORES OPEN 
TODAY! 

© KENWOOD 
QUALITY BUDGET 
SYSTEM 

KENWOOD 
RECEIVER 
KR 
26oo 
AM-FM with IS watts per channel RMS. 

BSR AUTOMATIC 
TURNTABLE 
Model 226o BAX with 
ADC Cartridge 

J 
23” Wold “88’* 
SPEAKERS 
Matching 
Systei 
Complete, Model 88. 
$ 1 5 9 
2 9 9 

Ti 

$ 
6 3 9 

Fisher 

CR S H S Dont load “Stadia Stoa- derd" arith Bothy N a n Redaction. 

FISHER 
CASSETTE 
RECORDER 

* 2 4 9 

STUDIO STANDARD SYSTEM 
AM-fM RECEIVER 

DISCW ASHER 
Tho I n t l cora far records that money tao bay 
SU MO A I SAK nUCfO. WWW they last... 

SA N YO CAR STEREOS 

Ri 1o3o, 3o watt* gar chon not RMS with Iou than .3% 
Dtftertion, 4 yr. Parts and labor Warranty. 

DUAL CONTROL 
SPEAKERS 
KRISA 
3-way 
Speaker 
System SO watt RMS 

FULLY AUTOMATIC 
TURNTABLE 
WITH OLM 36ADC 
CARTRIDGE 
MT - *13o lait Or ive with 
Repeat switch. 
SAVI 
WOO! 
M 
Fur (hated 
Separately, 9397$ 

SUNDAY SYSTEM 
PRICED AT ONLY 

AM-FM IN DASH CASSETTE FLAYER FT 413. S O O 
Complete airth iastaliatiaa Kit SUMO AY SAK RtiCfD 7 7 

8 TRACK AM-FM PUSH8UTToN DECK 
$ I O O jades* meant*ag. Medal ET I7S 
I £ r 

PUSHBUTTON STEREO AM-FM RADIO 
$ O A ta doe* amant ma Model EI7oS 
o * 9 

 lunet* SAM 

MEMOREX 
CASSETTES 
MRX! Oude lot tatter Modal (9o. 
I” 
While they last. 

You’ll find Yours at WATSON 

Golf Cart 
Headquarter* 
^P 

Special! A s k about 

S p r i n g 
^ am won in 

I I I ! \ our b l i n i s ' . f i g n 
^ 
H 
W a 
H oulton • o.11.1 • Son Antonio 
' 
■ * * 
S i l l SrM4w«y 
114-744; 

KENWOOD 

STEREO AMP 

M ad# KA ISO!, 4o arent pac chan- £ aal RMS, ieee thee JA* Dt election 
•¥ 
SUNDAY SAU PRICED 
1 3 6 

CO P I O N E E R 
MATCHING SUPER SYSTEM 
PIONEER TURNTABLE wtTR 
Wf *lM m *aWR^^WV v Ate re ag 
Modal fit IID Semi Awe man i 
MATCHING AM/FM 
STEREO TUNER 
IK*$oo, rempioamats Pienaar Sn pac 
Amp 
PIONEER TURNTABLE 
/o yo to in f I cm ONB r f «rtf itye Mod!# I 
RI Ii IQS I an Irtameht 
SUPER SPEAKERS 
M A J i 
-------* AMA---•--- A--w 
COORDINATED STERIO STAND 

 selected aread toed aaaaars fives a classy leek ta yea* mom ream. 
SAVE $191! H PurdisM d 
Wparatoty, $72o. 

 sum os* w h im m a o a i o n d 

IO MONTH 
L A Y A W A Y 

6624 SAN PEDRO 
(NIXT IO PIZZA HUT, 
8 2 4 - 7 2 9 6 
□ 

MARBACH PLAZA 
[Military Dr. W at Marboth Rd ) 
6 7 4 - 7 5 2 3 
T E R M S 

SgnL_Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— S unday February 27 197 7 

%" 
■ I* * 
^ 
* * * tw fm m tm ,' 'n I km 1 iw m ****'■ 

H 
San Antonio ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ S-N E W $ ~ Su n d ayF e b ru aij^ 2 7 J I^ 7 ^ 
The Express9 Sports Scoreboard 

 l l o f k 
^ y 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E V L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
P atrick D ivision 
W 
L 
T 
P ts 
37 
13 12 
86 
38 
16 
9 
85 
26 
26 ll 
63 
23 
27 13 
59 

Philadelphia 
N V. 
Island ers 
Atlanta 
N Y 
R angers 

S* 
Louis 
Chicago 
Colorado 
Minnesota 
Vancouver 

Sm ythe D ivision 
6o 
56 
48 
47 ti 

P p * ! 

G U IL L E R M O V ILLA S gained the finals of the Tennis G a m e s in 
Palm Springs, Calif., Saturday by w h ip p in g Raul R am ire z. H e 'll meet Bill Scanlon or Brian G o t t ­ fried. — AP W irephoto 

W A L E 5 C O N F E R E N C E 
N o rris D ivision 

Boston 5. C olorado 2 
Saturday's G am es 
New Y o rk island ers 8. Ailanto 2 
M ontreal 5, Cleveland 3 
Pittsb urgh 2. W ashington I 
G F 
G A 
Los Angeles 4, Detroit 3 
249 
168 
Buttalo 6, Toronto 5 
2 '7 
IS I 
C hicago 7. New Y ork R a n g e rs I 
2o4 
21 1 
Philadelphia 5, St Louis I 
218 
227 
M innesota 3, V an cou ve r o 
S u n d a y 's G a m e s 
185 
21o 
M ontreal at New Y ork R a n g e rs 
2o1 
277 
Boston at P ittsb urgh 
185 
225 
Lo s Angeles at Buttalo 
187 
246 
V an couver at C hicago 
167 
24o 
Philadelphia at Colorado 
W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
E a ste rn O ivsion 
M ontreal 
46 
7 
IO 
1o2 
3o2 
I 17 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
Pittsburgh 
27 
V> ll 
65 
19/ 
198 
Quebec 
36 
24 
I 
73 
264 
2 27 
Lo s 
Angeles 
23 
27 
12 
58 
198 
192 
Cine mnoti 
31 
28 
65 
279 
23o 
W ashington 
18 
34 
13 
49 
172 
248 indianapolis 
27 
28 
61 
2o8 
229 
Detroit 
16 
37 
8 
4o 
154 
222 
New 
E n glan d 
25 
34 
56 
213 
248 
A d a m s D ivision 
B irm in gh a m 
24 
36 
5) 
221 
236 
Buffalo 
38 
18 
6 
82 
227 
17o x M innesota 
19 
18 
43 
136 
129 
Boston 
35 
21 
6 
76 
232 
194 
W estern D ivisio n 
T oronto 
29 
26 
9 
67 
25o 
225 
Houston 
35 
19 
76 
23o 
174 
Cleveland 
18 
34 
1o 
46 
18o 
222 
W innipeg 
34 
24 
7o 
277 
22o 
F rid a y 's G a m e s 
Son 
Diego 
33 
25 
69 
2o8 
2o5 
New Y ork island ers 2. Cleveland 
Edm onton 
25 
34 
52 
17o 
224 
Atlanta 6, M innesota 2 
C a lga ry 
23 
31 
SI 
183 
2o4 
W ashington 4, Toronto 2 
Phoenix 
24 
35 
51 
218 
286 

Priced to Sell 
Uniroyal Tiger Paw 
WHITEWALL 

Bias ply-Polyester cord 

§ 

A 7 8 13 
* Whitewall tubeless. 
'2 p plus S I 72 r .E .T , and tire oft your 
'-fE> 

S IZ E 
PRICE 
M.T. 
A78-13 
$23.77 
SI.72 
C78-14 
$26.77 
...$2.o1 
E78-14 
$27.77 r_i2.23 
F78-14 
$3o.77 
$2.37 
G78 14 
$31.77 
$2.53 
G78 15 
$32 77 
$2:5SL 
H78-15 
$34.77 
_ $2.7? 
178-15 
$36.77 
$ 3 9 ? 

Whitewall tubeless prices each pius tire off your car 

^ M W P W V 

UNIROYAL TIGER PAW 
Belted 

Two Fiberglass Belts. 
Plus two Polyester cord plies. 
Whitewall. 
28 

7 7 

A 7 8 -I3 Whitewall tubeless, plus $1.73 F.E T. and tire off your car. 

 a r 

‘J 
. s 
^ 
> 

Whitewall tubeless prices each. pius tire off your car 

M ew Shown Available at Gontalos Tiro A Muffler. 

UNIROYAL TIGER raw 
Radial 

Double Steel Glass construction. 
Whitewall. 

 r n mmf I 
SII 

$ 
7 7 

8 R 7 8 -13 Whitewall tubeless, plus $2.o6 F I T., and tire off your cor. 

Whitewall tubeless prices each plus tire oft your car 

S»c Your Independent Dealer for his price. 

B R O A D W A Y 

Harold Keller 
Tire 
8719 Broadway 
PH. 828-5747 

D O W N T O W N 

Keller 
Tire Compony 
4oo So. Floras 
PH. 226-4111 

D O W N T O W N 
Keller's Alamo 
Tire Center 
6o1 No. Alam o 
PH. 225-3291 

N O RTH SID E 

NO RTHEAST 

Momann-Williams 
Tire 
171o Austin Hwy. at fiseeHeuer 
PH. 824-2413 

SO U THW EST 

Into m otional 
A. BJK. 
16o2 5.W. Military Dr. 
PH. 924-7321 

NO RTHW EST 

Arts Atlas 

335o Frodartcksbvrg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 

SOUTHEAST 

W EST 

Gonzales 
Tire A Muffler 
2623 Ctilobra Road 
PH. 432-8511 

LEON VALLEY 

Bradford's Texaco 

6832 Sandora Rd. 

PH. 684-4539 

SEG U IN 

Sapebiel's 

Court A Travis 

PH. 658-5351 

A L A M O H EIG H TS 

* franchise disbanded 
F rid a y 's G am es indianapolis 3, Edm onton 2, OT 
Cincinnati 5. Quebec 2 
Houston 9, Phoenix 3 
New E n g la n d 3, C o lg a ry 2 
Satu rd ay’s G o m e s 
Quebec 5. B irm in g h a m 3 
W innipeg 8, Cincinnati 6 
Houston at Son D ie go 
Sunday's G am es 
Houston of Phoenix 
New E n g lan d at W innipeg ind ianapolis at C a lg a ry 
B irm in g h a m at Edm onton 

Ra«*quetball 
S A. 23. Texas A & M 5 
The Son Antonio Racquetball and H and b all club trounced T exas A & M . 23 5, in o racquetball m atch at the R & H courts Saturday. 
W r e stlin g 
W R E S T L E TH O N , IN C . 
Jose Lothario will challenge The G re at G oliath in the m ain event of W e d n e sd a y ’s c o rd at the 
Auditorium . Cien C o ro s tangles with B lac k C o rd m on in the co-feature. O ther m a tch e s includ e: 
Ivon P u tski against Sw ede H an se n ; Leo Seitz v s 
Iron Sheik F o ro u k ; and B ra sie r B ro d y a g a in st 
Bob Orton, Jr. 

H a n d b a ll 

SW T 6, Son Antonio 6 
The Southw est T exos State H andball team battled to a 6-6 tie with the Son Antonio R a cq u e tb all and 
HanudbaH club Satu rd ay at the R & H courts. 
B a se b a ll 

Texos 6-11. T exos Tech S O 
Rice 13-8, S M U 117 

P o lo 

A T B R A C K E N R ID G E P A R K 
The Selm a Sm o kte T a n d Cibolo V alle y polo clubs tied S a tu rd a y , s s. K in g s v ille w ill ta n g le w ith 
Retam a F a rm s in a polo m atch Su n d a y at 2:3o p m . 

G o lf 

LPGA results 

S A R A S O T A , 
F IO 
( A P ) 
— 
S e c o n d r o u n d s c o r e s In th e t 
51oo,ooo Lad ies P rofessional Golf 
A s s o c ia tio n to u rn a m e n t b e in g ployed on the par 72, 6,124 y a rd 
Bent Tree Golf Club course 

J Rankin 
B Stone 
P Higgins 
S Palm er 
A Reinhardt 
K Martin 
C Ann Creed 

63 77-14o 
69 71-14o 
74 67-141 
71 7o-141 
71 71 142 
72 71-143 
74 7o-144 

D AAeisterlin 
8 Klass 
S. Downer 
H Story 
P Bradley 
J Blalock 
S Post 
M Wright 
B.Solomon 
A Alc Od 
P Haves 
R Powell 
L Burke 
J.Corner 

74-7)— 145 
72-145 
71 74— 145 
76 7o— 146 
72 74-146 
72 74— 146 
7o-76- 146 
68 78-146 
75-71-146 
74 73— 147 
76 71-147 
73 74-147 
72 75-147 
75-72— 147 

D E L R IO IN V IT A T IO N A L 
Is l C h u r c h ill 635; 
2nd M id la n d 6 4 6 ; 3 rd 
M a c A r t h u r 655; C o o p e r 655; 
R o o s e v e lt 659; 
O d e s sa P e r m ia n 663; J a y 674, 
A b e lin e 676; 
Holm es 681; M a rsh a ll 689 edalist: 
1st Ken W all 
156; 2nd D evin C ochran 157; 3rd D e n n is C ornell son 159. All m edalist w ere from Churchill. T h is is the first time all m edalists w ere from the w inning team in the Del R io tourney. 

S A G A P A IR IN G S 
The Son Antonio Golf A sso cia tio n will hold o m em bershiD tournam ent M o n d ay of the San A n tomo Country C lub 
No. One Tee: 
8 o rn — K en 
M a c k e y ; B u d H a r d in . D o u g H ile m o n ; 
B r u c e 
B u rg e ss. 8 16 — Jean J a rre d ; Jock K e lly; B u d d y 
M angold ; Bob Savag e , 8:24— C a rl W e rn e r; Jim m y 
C h ap m an . Bill Sch u e ssle r; 8:J2 — S ilo s W ood, 
W alter Scott. F re d Colem an; 8:4o — Tom Bethea; 
L o s Boyd; F re d White. Ben F ra n k lin , 8:48 — D a n 
M a r t in e z ; 
R u s s e ll F o g in ; J im P l ia n t ; 
D o n 
H ow ard , 8 56 — Sa m H uston; T o m A lg e r! Bill 
F lo r e s. B o b B ra tto n , 9 o4 — L e o n a r d W o o d . 
F ra n k G a rris h , 
L e slie Cotton; 
K u rt K le e fe id ; 
11:16 — V irgil Kre n m u e lle r; B lackie T sc h irh a rt; 
T h u r m a n G u e s s ; 
A l 
T e k ; 
11; 24 — C h e s t e r 

Sch o e te r; jo n n M o r n s ; M o r r is K o o e n s : L O 
Rooerts. II 32 — G e rry Lutz. Lorton C o m p . G o ry 
Looney; Ken Lan gston ; ll 4o - A rd R ic h a rd so n . 
W aiter F ish e r; Jock E ld rid g e , Ben M e c k e . 11:48 
— Edon Skinner; D a ve C ounts: P h il R o b e rtso n 
R o b e rt H a v n e s; 
11:56 - T od M e n e te e ; B r a d 
O xford; Bob Howell; Clint Leake, 
12:o4 — Joh n 
Y annuzzi; M ike B o w e rso ck; R ic k v G o e rg e s; 12:12 
— X artv G u y s, L a r r y D a y ; O rville C le v e rly : V on 
Ehiert; 12:2o — C a rl Heiden. Jim Stin ka rd ; E rn ie 
Touslev; Dale Stinkard; 12:28 — E a b e P e te rs; Bill 
Ham pton. Bob L in d sa y ; 12:36 — Joh n W o rricb , 
Chuck Abert; G a ry W old; Tinker D a v id so n ; 12:44 
— Leonard B row n; Tom W illiam s; D a n B a rn e y ; jo h n Tedm on ; 
12:52 — D o u g S m ith ; 
R ic h a r d 
Killian; Stan Stoke. Stanton Bell; 
I OO — Hugh, 
G ard ner: John Keene; M a c C u r ry ; B o b P e c k ; 
1 o8 - Allen Pundt; BHI Keith; NOH Ie Sw v n n e r 
Ion, H e n ry H a m ill; 
1:16 — W L. W h ltis; 
B o b 
A nderson, D en ny H a llm a r k ; O enzll H a llm a rk 
No. IO Tee 
8:16 a m . - Jack M in n ic k ; Bob 
Jackson; L a m a r Sim m ons; L o rr y Sa v a g e , 8:24 — 
Sam B ie ry , E L B u ch a n a n ; C laud e W ilk e rso n ; 
P re sto n L e P o g e ; 8 32 — E r ic k E r ic k s o n , Leo 
D e a ve r; 
Reuben R o d rig u e z; G o n e H e rn a n d e z ; 
8 4o — Jim G rant, M ik e W yso n g; B ru c e H ooper; 
Terry W ysong; 8:48 — Carl B o rd lg o ; G len K ille v; 
B o o t s H e b e r t ; M a r io n P i t t s ; 
8 :5 6 — 
T o m 
B raddock; Jim Higbee. Joe P o szw a ; D on Berten, 
9 o4 — Geno M cG lvn n . Tom Uzzell. Je sse O rozco, 
H e n ry G im pie, 
11:16 — Ja c k M o lte r; P e a rso n 
Brow n; Chef D ahlen; Jim W atson; 11:24 - H J 
B e lla m y ; C h u c k K le in ; 
F r a n k C la n c y ; 
R o n 
G uevara. 11 32 — D ick Stratton; M a u r y W aldon 
D o m D o m ; Gene A m es, 11:4o - R odney L u d w ig ; 
Bob B o rrv; M a x G a rd in e r; C arl W illia m s. 11:48 
— BHI H o u c k; E d H ill; C h a rlie D a v is . C o nnie 
W endlond. 11:56 — BHI G hedi; H e rb K o rre n . Rik 
York. Coe Christopher; 12:o4 - Al B i t s e r ; G a ry 
W heatley; Fred Rohde; Bob C ave; 12:12 — D B 
High, G ordon Hart; Bill K o m p e rm a n . Joh n M o robito; 12 2o - John T u rb lsh ; B ob P H lsb u rv ; Al 
Dum ond. W eb W ilder; 
12:28 — Jo h n K e ll; SH) 
N orton; BHI Le w is; H e rb B la k e ly , 
12 36 — Al 
Haw ley; Phil H a rk in s; Jim P a ge ; Bill M ezzetti; 
12:44 — D ave Fm dla Claude C rook; Joe H orle n ; 
Jim m y A d am s; 12:52 — Tom T u rn e r; Clem C u rry 
Joe H erring; M ike W eintroub; I oo — D on P e ln c; 
Joe C onrad , M a rie Boec B illy Jo rd a n , 
I o8 - 
L y n n C a rte r; R a lp h C a rd e n a s; M a x M a rtin e z ; 
Don Tam ez; 1:16 — Ron B rm koeter; M ik e Cloth; 
Ben Jonietz; Bud v Christy. . 

I . o l f 

Rick P a y n e scored a hote-in-one on the 175 y a rd 
No. 1.3 hole at Fort Sam H ouston golf cou rse, u sin g 
o three-iron It w as his second care e r ace. 
B A S T R O P T O U R N A M E N T 
1st A lam o H eights 315; 2nd W estlake 328; 3rd 
Brazosw ood 33o 
P A N A M E R IC A N G A. 
Sunday s P a irin g s — 11:oo — Al Zepeda, Joe 
G utierrez. D on Johnson, Tem o De Leon, 11:o8 — 
Robert Soto, Robert Rodriguez. Tom G a rcia , John 
C a rre io 11:16 — M a x Ricondo, Al M a v o rg a , A T. 
Escaiera, Conrad M uth 11 24 — Jock Dozier, Joe 
Calderon, M o rris Monita, E d M onita 
11.32 — R a y 
A guitlon, P a lo R o d rig u e z , R o y O v a lle , F r a n k 
Chandler. 11:4o — Al M onlta. Jr., O sc a r M artinez. 
H a r ry M endez. H o m e r G a rc io 
11:48 — J e sse 
O valle . Al H in o io so , Joe G u tie rre z , Jr., J u lio 
G o rzo ll 56 — R a y O livares. Tony T revino. Ju an 
M artinez. Rudv A guilar. 12 o4 — A n d v A guH lon. 
Jesse G arza. Rom eo Rodriguez. Tom R o d rig u e z 
12 12 — John Rodriguez. John V alencia. Robert 
G arcia. M onucl Solis 
12’ 2o — F e rn a n d o M o ra le s. 
Ted M e rca d o , F e rn a n d o G a rcia . L e e A p o lln a r. 
12:28 — Al Pecho. Al AguHlon. J a y H e rre ra , BHI 
Havnes. 12:36 — Jim AguHlon, R oy L o z a n o . R u d v 
Monita, D avid Cartllo. 12 »4 — Je sse A guH lon. Al 
Monita, Sr , Rogue G onzales, F ra n k Lopez. 12 52 
— Alex AguHlon, M o n o Ram irez. M a rtin M onito. 
R gy H ernandez 
I oo — Al Lopez. J a y H e rre ra , 
R u d y Peche. C h a rle s O liv a re s 
I o8 — G ilb e rt 
Sonora, Roy Reyno. F re d Castillo. Sam P a d illa 
1 16 
— 
Ern e st 
Puente. 
L o u is 
Sanchez. 
R u d v 
G u aiard o 
C ARPENTER S PAR-3 

Bob G reene shot a h o le in o n e on the 12o y a rd 
No 
I hole to ooce action in the w eekly P ro A m 
D a n n y N ew m an. R o yc e H an ks, O rv a l G e rn e n ta and Joy H e rre ra team ed for a 12-under 42 tor first place. Six team s tied for second at 47. 

B o w lin g 

M A R T IN E Z A T A 
S a tu rd a y's results at Ail Star Lan es. F in a ls will be at noon Su n d ay Ten finalists: R ic h a rd R o b e rts 
1o78; B ria n P la n n e r 1o61; K u rt Eliot 1o32; P at 
Dickey IO U ; D a n n y E ric o 993, Jim Se lle rs 992; 
L a r r y K a s s n e r 99o; Ste ve M o n s 978; 
C a r lo s 
Castaneda 975; Ken HartseH 971. W 
SW T JB A 
Saturday s results at G oliad 
Team — C la ss A 
The M o th e r Sh ip C o n n e ctio n 2996; C la s s B 
: 
Bow lerm a Fero cious B ow lers 3136, C la s s C: Cox s 
A rm y 31o8. C la ss m D 
B ro o k s 
3. 2982; C I4ass E : Hot Shots 
4, 3o38 
1 Bo ys Singles — 
C la ss A 
G a r y A h re n s 
699 
C la ss B 
D a vid Dehart 718, C la s s C; Steven 
W aggoner 686. C lo ss D 
C ra ig Titus 722; C la ss E: 
Ben B o ld Se rram a 657. 
G irls Singles — 
C lo ss A 
Lisa M ooney 624; C ebbie G onzales 696 
Doubles — . •; 
C lo ss A; 
W ayne B yro m and W alter Sm ith 13o7; C la ss B 
Kathleen K o u rs and M e lissa S ch ra n k 1323; C la ss 
C : John G ro ssh a n s and C h ris B ro w n , M ik e H en sev and Felix M artinez 1281 (tie); C lo s s D 
A rch ie 
Ortiz and T im m y W illiam son 1275; C la s s E : A n n a 
Ruiz ond Charlie G reen 1284. 
All Events. G irls — 
C lo ss A: Ju lia R o b a 1884; C la s s B 
K o fhleen 
K o u rs 1o97; C la ss C. T e n R e im on n 1942; C la ss D: 
J pome K lau s 1884; C la ss E : C h ristin e Poll 2o15. 
All Events. Boys — 
C la ss A 
L o u is B e n o ve d e s 
1963; C lo ss B 
D a vid Deh art 1oo4; C lo ss C: Steven 
W aggoner 1941; C lo ss D 
A rch ie O rtiz 1976, C lo ss 
E : Robert L o ry e a 1948. 

B a se b a ll 

C O L L E G E 
Satu rd ay’s Results 
Texas A & M 4 4, A rk a n s a s 3-o 
TCL) 2-3. B o vlo r 12 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
' . 
* 

* 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Atlantic Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
GB 
Philadelphia 
35 
22 
.814 
— 
Boston 
31 
29 
.517 
5 V* 
New York Knieks 
28 
33 
.459 
9 
Buffalo 
23 
38 
.39o 
13 
New York Nets 
19 
41 
.317 
174 
Central Division 
Washington 
35 
24 
.593 
— 
Houston 
33 
25 
.589 
1 4 
Cleveland 
31 
27 
.534 
3 4 
San /Antonio 
32 
28 
.533 
3 4 
New Orleans 
2fi 
33 
441 
9 
Atlanta 
25 
37 
.4o3 
114 
WESTERN CON KE RE NCE 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
39 
2o 
.681 
— 
Detroit 
37 
25 
.597 
3 4 
Kansas City 
3o 
31 
.492 
IO 
Chicago 
27 
34 
.443 
13 

Indiana 
27 34 
.443 
13 
Milwaukee 
21 44 
.323 
21 
Pacific Division 
Los .Angeles 
37 22 
.627 
Portland 
37 25 
.597 
14 
Golden State 
33 28 
.541 
5 
Seattle 
31 31 
.5oo 
7 4 
Phoenix 
26 34 
.433 
114 

C ollege 

Saturday's Games 
New York Knieks 129. Indiana 115 
Atlanta 119. San Antonio IU 
Chicago 1o4, Cleveland 98 
Washington 1o5, Milwaukee 1o2 
Boston 1o8, Phoenix 1o4 
Sunday's Games 
Golden State at New York Nets 
Buffalo at Washington 
San Antonio at New Orleans 
Boston at Denver 
Philadelphia at Seattle 
Houston at Los Angeles 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

* 
* 

# 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

* 
* 

* 
* 
* 

* 

* 
* 

* 
* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

NOTICE! 

WILL BE CLOSED MARCH 2 & 3rd. 
ALL OF OUR HAIR 
STYLISTS WILL BE 
ATTENDING REDKEN 
SEMINAR ON A NEW 

* 
* 

* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
| 

SCIENTIFIC APPROACH IN f 
HAIR STYLING, AT OAK | 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

• * 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

HILLS MOTOR INN. 

NEWBY’S HAIR STYLING 

4o1 ISO M s u m 31o 

2244 AUSTIN HWY. 

31o2 W W D W AY 

34o-174o 

656-o444 

653-24o2 

8224 FREDERICKSBURG 
6oo-8224 

5323 McCullough 
828-577o 

 cage scores 

Sofurdav's Result* 
T E X A S T E A M S 
Southwest Conference 
Playoff* 
Fir*t Round 
T exa* A & M 89, S M U 79 
T exas Tech 93, Rice 74 
Baylor 72. T exa* 7o 
Houston 111. TCU 67 
N A IA Oist 4 Playoff* 
Sem ifinals 
SI M a ry * 76. H o w ard P a y n e 59 
E a st T exa* 64, Texas Lutheran 
54 
SW AC 
Consolation 
T e x a s S o u t h e r n 96. P r a ir ie 
View 7o 
Other Texa* Teem * 
B rig h am Y oung 65. UT E P 63 
W ichita St 74. West Texas 66 
N E Lo uisiana 98. T exos A rim o ton 72 
North Texas 1o8, Creighton 1o5 
E a s t T e x a s B a p t is t 1o5. L e 
Tcarneau 68 

T H E N A T IO N 
Atlantic Coost Conf 
North C arolina 84. D u ke 71 
North C aroling SI. 91, W ake F o ­ rest 85 
V irgin ia 77, M a ry la n d 68 
C lem son 
12o. 
R oanoke 
56. non-conference 
Southeastern Cont 
Kentucky 85. A la b a m a TO 
G eorgia 83. Tennessee 76 
Flo rid a 84. M ississip p i 78 
L S U 86. AoO urn 76 
Big Ten 
M ich ig an 69, M ic h ig a n St. 65, 
OT 
Ohio St 82, W isconsin 8o. OT 
M innesota 72, Illinois TO 
Indiana 69 N orthw estern 54 
Pacific 8 
Southern C a lifo rn ia 1o5, Stan- ford 84 
Ohio Valiev Conf. 
M o r e h e a d 74, E a s t e r n K e n - lu cky 72. O I 
M id Am erican Coof. 
C e n tra l M ic h ig a n ll. W e ste rn 
M ich ig an 61 
E aste rn M ic h ig an 55. Kent St 
4/ 
M iam i. Ohio 83. O hio U 62 
Bow ling G reen 84. Bali Si 57 
Toledo 64, N orthern Illinois 57 
M issouri valle y Cont 
W ichita St 74, W est T exas 66 
Southern illinois 81. D ra k e 6o 
Western Athletic Conf 
S V U 65. U T E P 63 
A rizona Bi, W yom in g 6) 
Ivy League 
Brow n 95. Dartm outh 83 
H a rv a rd 78, Vale 76. 2 OT 
Southland Cont. 
N E Lou isian a 98, Texos Arling, ton 72 
SW Lo u isian a 79, A rk a n s a s st 
6o 

Other Team s 
Notre Dam e 113, l o Sane 77 
St L o u is to. De P au l 63 
S yra cu se 82. R u tge rs 72 
Detroit 91, X a vie r Ohio 66 
P rovid ence 69 St Jonn s. N Y. 
66 
Cincinnati 78. Jacksonville 61 
M arquette 7$, v irg in ia Teen 7o 
Villenova 82. C o g g ie 66 
O klahom a City 81. M e m p h is St. 
69 
A rm y 54. N a vy 53 
R ic h m o n d 78, V a C o m m o n . wealth 7$, OT 
Tutane 76. A ir F o rce 66 
St Bonaventure 79, C a n in u s 54 
O oyton 89, Loyola, C h icago 71 
PhH aaeiphia Textile 79, G annon 
65 
Verm ont 82. Boston U 73 
LIU 114, SI Francis, N Y 92 
Georgetown, O C 79, Manhgf tan 71 
South C arolina 77. For doom 7o 
Fairfield to) Boston C ollege 76 
D elaw are 8o Rider 79 
V alp araiso 68 W ayne si 63 
Due * new 94 West Cheeter 86 
Carnegie M e lton se, B e th a n y 

 w v a 44 
Lafayette 98. Lehigh 71 
N ichols Col 9o. N a sso n 79 
W est C arolina ll. Lenoir R hyne 
75 
A llegheny 65. W ash & Jefferson 
49 
Northeastern 6o. D rexel 52 
R P I 65. C la rk so n 6? 
St Law rence 91. Rochester 72 
Centre 83. Southw estern 82. OT 
C alvin 1o4. A lm e IOO. OT 
F e rn s St. 84 N orthern M ic h ig a n 

Olivet 58. A g a m a * 55 
Oort 88, Bethel 66 
K o Ionia zoo 8o. A d ria n 63 
^ L o k e Superior 76. Saginaw Vat 

T O U R N A M E N T S 
First Round 
Big 8 
K a n s a s 61. N e o ra sk a 58 
O klahom a 68. C olorado 56 
K a n sa s St 97, low o SI 62 
M isso u ri 92. O klah om a St. 74 

Southern Conference 
F u rm a n 76. Citadel 69 
E a s t C a r o lin a 79. W illia m & 
M a ry 76 
A ppalachian Si 71. D a vid so n 66 
Ohio Athletic Conference 
Northern Division Cham pionship 
Wooster 74, H eidelberg 61 
Southern Division Cham pionship 
M u skin g u m 9o. Ohio W esievon 
61 
N A IA 
District 18 
First Round 
Point P o rk 1o4, W ayn e sb u rg 94 
U W M ilw au kee 84. Rooert M o r ­ ris ll 
C alvin 1o4. Atm a IOO. O T 

C l A A 
Third Place 
V irgin ia U nion IOO. Norfolk St 

 s p 
E 
C 
I 
A 
L 

 you say you're interested in a: 
HIGH ground clearance 
3-point hitch 
FARM AND GARDEN TRACTOR with the following tools: 

44” belly mower middlebusters turning plow cultivators disc harrow rear blade tool bar front bumper dump trailer 

 and you w ant it bargain priced ?? 

DON’T MONKEY AROUND. 
GO SPEEDEX! 

 american m ade 
16 hp. 

The Torgerson Co. 
739 Stoves 
533-5145 

92 
W V IA C 
G lenville 82. Fairm o n t 81 
OO AC 
Cham pionship 
W ash & Lee ll, L y n c h b u rg 
* 2 4 9 o . ° ° with tools 
GILLESPIE 
FORD 
SERVICE WHILE YOU WAIT! 
NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 

MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 

TUNE-UP SPECIAL 

* 26” 

Include* plugs, penis, condenser and labor 
Special good tor most 
American four cylinder car*. 

I a l s 

* TRANSMISSION TUNE UP 

Oram I N * M tnmnesMen hi,id iiyuif Jifikms® ti fvmdc irimvys w w*»w». liififiiiilrtK texans* xwxxx a m b xyi 
»IMW » itwi*»tinijsyti 
{pfft; 
M in t, SfMud oeod on fomeikon tm Ih g h l Ult 

* 
■ W w-ww-mmr u v / n V 
I I F 9 R V # KL 
W 
I X 

 fiU u H X L e M N ^ « T O K .<NO<* > ANo - u " u , ‘ <*» V—Ti 'U T* h o i m o u m n o h i a u ■ •x x i a n 

ALSO, THIS W E IK O N LY 1 o % OFF TOTAL 
PARTS A N D LABOR CHARG ES O N 

 t l X N A l f M O I N I W O R K 
GILLESPIE FORD 
^ l _ P A W t S A N D L a b o r G U A N A N T E L O 
23oo BROADW AY 
227- U IL 

4 
I t 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday February 27 1977 

PRICES EFFECTIVE 
THRU MARCH 51 

WHITE'S 
OIL FILTERS 

 rn wm m # 
■ m n M tllP m m 
# 

G IL M O R G A N tips cap after his birdie putt during 
S a tu r­ day’s Inverrary golf tourney. — AP Wire-. photo 

4 PLY POLYESTER 
TIRE SALE 

Four piles of smooth, cool running polyester featuring a construction Rosette tread design and circular sipings give superior gripping action. OK tire for your money! 

155 7oo-739 

WHITE m o to r o il 

FORT 
LAUDERDALE, Fla. 
(A P ) — Jack Niek- laus shot a three- under-par 69 Satur­ day but saw his lead in the $25o,ooo Jackie 
Gleason Inverrary 
Golf Classic drop to one stroke over steaking Gil Morgan. 

Morgan, a licensed op­ tometrist in Florida and 
Oklahoma who has never practiced his profession, shot a seven-under-par Ko to co lh under liar for the tournament. 
Xicklaus, who had a four-shot advantage over defending 
Masters champion Ray Floyd, 
Je rry McGee and Don 
Pooley entering the round, stood at ll under 
2o5 after 54 holes on the 
7,127-yard Inverrary Golf and Country Club course. 
Two shots behind him was first-round leader 
Gary Player, who had a six-under 66. The next nearest challenger for the $5o,ooo top prize was 
F'u/zy Zoeller at seven- under 2o9 after a round on 68. 
Tom Weiskopf and Bob 
Murphy were at 211 
Xicklaus started out his round with a bogey five and playing partner 
Floyd scored a birdie on the first hole to move within two shots of the lead. But Xicklaus had no more bogeys and F'loyd had three of them to come in at 73 and drop to 

SAFETY CUSTOM oo4 TIRES 

B W 
SALE PRICE 
W .W . 
REG. PRICE 
B. VV. 
REG. PRICE 
VV. VV. 
SALE PRICE 

A78-13 

FlX-A-FLAT 

White’s Advertising Policy 

O u r w a r y in te n tio n lf IO have a*' 
•Overtin * ! ita rn i m H in t. on Our thai va* lf an item arlve tiiiecl ii not availab le tor an y unforeseen ream n 
W h ile I w ill I H M a H A IN C H E C K on re q u etl for the m et c h e n ille at the ia ie price vyhen it ti availab le or w ill o tfei a co m p arab le item at a lim ila r re d u ctio n m o n t e 

DROP LIGHT 
Black and Decker 
3/8" DRILL 
PRUNING SAW 

OUR MOST POPULAR 
MAGIC 5o 
BATTERIES 

/ A 
A 
I 

L A U D E R D A L E , PIO. ( A P I — 
..carey S a tu rd a y atter toe third 
'O u n d of th e S/SO .OOO J a c i ie 
G leaso n in v e r r a r y C lo in e at the 
/ L 7 ! J , v o rd In v e r r a r y G o lf ond C o untry Cluo c o o rie 

J N m (atli 
G Gorgon 
G P lay er f- /eelier 

 to do iw -/ a s 
746/AS,-/Or 
64 7366—ZOZ 
>o ZI * 4 - ZOO z a .z a *— z n n Ake*-./i i zazi z i— ?iz 
ZZ ZI o o -/ 1 / 
ZZ Z O Z o - / I/ 
ZI ZI Zo— / I? z z e * / t _ z 1/ 
ZOZ! /J— 2t} 
ZI ZI Z 1 - / U 
Z Z / fr/ 1 -Z U 
Z/A4 Z 3-Z 1 3 zyz/AZ—/ u 
ZZ />69~ZI4 
Z 4 -Z o o 4 -2 U 
Z JA O Z S - JIS 
'V6* /i-211 
ZZ Zo-64-ZIS 
Z4Zi ZI—/ie n u TO- ZI6 
ZOAZ/o--/I6 
ZOZ! 69 
Z I* 
ZZ Z3 ZZ-/IZ 
ZSZo-Z2-/IZ 
ZI Vt /4—ZI/ 
ZZ ZZ H-t\l 
ZZ 69 ZN—ZI/ 
ZZ ZZAO-ZIZ 
ZI Zo-ZO-ZtZ 

Z o Z O / l-Z IZ 

V i^tNSkOof 
J Sm tioo *, 
D G fofiam 

I f u e l C h i t t o R i n B c t M i n r 
* Mont As «ti M i f M 

 t VIM ! L *M» f I O M A R R A ** I V AM 
o»9 'o*O4 a** 
Get ready for aN that spring driving with our 
Magw: 5o batteries. They won't let you down! Limited warranty 152 127-128 129 

<1*orch 

EXOert 

WHISK 
BROOM 
AUTO MAT 
SPLASH 
GUARDS 
V 
For front 

FERTILIZER 
ELECTRICAL TAPE 

 ak. N 
For use on towns, indent, Hew**, shrubs, trees. 

KT long. 
For home and silo use. Metal bel cap with ring. 
ALL PURPOSE 
FERTILIZER 
KH f everything 3 
TOU j L » r . giowaCK / 
ZZ 76 ZI— ZlO 
ZN ZZ Z I- ZIV n I i ZI 
ZN zoza/o-w 
ZU ZI Zo~ ZN 
ZZ 74 / '.- Z N 
ZI Zi » J~ 'N 
ZZ Zt I t 
ZN 
Z4 ZI 74— AZ 
64 ZZ Z4— ZtO 
/o ZV ZI- ZZo 
/6 ZI /A - .‘Al 
ZJ 73 Z4— 2Zo 
Z6 TO 74—Z2o 
ZZ Z4 Z4— n o t i ZZ / $ - zzo 
Z 4 Z 4 Z J - B l 
Z4-ZJ-Z4— ZZ) 

84-55o 

I. B r attorn 

1o2 N.W . CENTER 
3 6 o o Fredericksburg Rd 
Super Service Center 

6o2 W. SOUTHCROSS 
At The Expressw ay 
Super Service Center 

149 TERRELL PLAZA 
12oo Blk. Austin Hw y. 
Super Service Center 

Ask About Our Convenient 

1751 W .W . WHITE RD 
Super Service 
Center 

3114 W O O D LAW N 
At 
Bandera Rd. 

21 IS GOLIAD PLAZA 
Super Service 
Center 

>«9 'W 
Quoit tv 

I Hi HMD IIH 
SITRIN! CIUIN6 IIH 

Im 
• *!•• 
<»Ur (•» 

 to r I* 
A UiMmll iwewti 
(Ajnma* 
'« .* A* IMMR; 

64 Sq. Ft. To Bon— 12*12 Tile* 

• 
1 
o 
2 
4 
. . . 

PROS GOOD THRU SIFI. lith 
DITTMAR LUMBER* 
SOO M O W N RO AD 
1 3 6 3 1 4 1 

S e v e n Rib* For C o n tro l A nd T ra c tio n \ 
S m o o th R id in g P o ly e s te r C o rd P lie s . \ 
A Low, W ide P ro file Fgr T o d a y 's Look 

Inventory 

S e l l o u t oolco 
#*• /»«* y is i o r l l f * % lis r r 
| 
W^W < 
FULL FOUR PLY POLYESTER CORD TIRES 

Fillies & tides 

TIO E S 
P o rt A ro m a * 
Fab 27 
Fab 21 
LO 
3 t i a rn. 
Lo 
4 39 a rn 
H i 
J: SI p m 
H i 
I o8 o rn 
LO 
— 
LO 
S >4 p rn. 
Hi 
— 
H i 
7 21 p m. 

P o rt Isabel 
Fab 77 
Fab 74 
Lo 
4 J I o rn. 
Lo 
S 44 a rn. 
H i 
3 14 a m 
H i 
3 48 p.m. 
Lo 
- 
LO 
7:24 p.m . 
H i 12 11 a rn. 
H i 
— 

SUNRISE SUNSET 
Fab 27 
Fab 21 
P .sa 7 o2 a rn 
Rise 7 OI a rn 
Set 6:32 p m 
Sat 6 32 p m. 

M O O NR ISE M OO NSET 
Fab 27 
Fab. 24 
Riva t: to p rn 
R ita 2 OI a rn. 
Sat 2 14 p m 
Sat 3:o4 p m . 

MOON PH ASES 
New moon M ot IO 
F irtto u o r ta r 
M a r 27 
F ull moon M ar 5 
L o tt Q uarter M a r. 12 

7-pound black bass 

Wilma Buster of San Anton­ io caught this trophy bass at 
Calaveras Lake. She caught the 7-pound 4-ounce black on a plastic worm. 

6-pound black bass 

Don Ely of San Antonio caught this 6-pound 4-ounce black bass at Lake Corpus 
Christi during a tournament of the Helotes Bass Club, 
The bass hit a floating-diving lure called the Beaujack. 

 r-Outdoors-i T X 
| 
§ 
■ • 
■ 
• 
• 
•v*-*** H aw k is an artist in a ir 
Pedernales drownings 

 wtciAi to the express news 

AUSTIN — Eight drownings on the 
Pedernales River in Pedernales Falls 
State Park have prom pted Texas 
Parks and Wildlife Commissioners to ask Blanco County officials to close portions of the river to swimming. 
According to park operations official 
Johnny Buck, if approved by Blanco 
County Commissioners, the river will be closed to sw im m ing from the northwest corner of the park for three miles downriver. 
“ Investigation of drow nings r e ­ vealed the strong river currents and undertow were partial causes in the deaths.” said Buck, “ along with each individual's physical condition, age and swimming experience.” 
Buck said an alternate swimming area will be designated in a safer portion of the river downstream. 
“ Parks and Wildlife Commissioners also approved construction of addi­ tional parking at the designated area with river access trail and restroom facilities,” said Buck. 
However, the entire six miles of the 
Pedernales River within the park will remain open for bank fishing, boating, kayaking, canoeing and rafting. 
Under the Texas Water Safety Act, respective county officials have auth­ ority to close waters deemed hazar­ dous to swimming. 
Good news for 
T exom a anglers 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

AUSTIN — Texas fishermen on Lake 
Texoma soon will be able to triple their leeal hue limit of strinedJiass or their hybrids, following recent action by the 
Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission. 
Prior to commission action, the bag limit on Texoma stripers on the Texas side was one per day. Approval of the staff recommendation by the commis­ sion will bring the Texas bag and possession limits in line with Oklaho­ m a’s three daily and six in possession. 
The new bag limit will go into effect in Cooke County 2o days after filing of the change in the Texas Register. In 
Grayson County the law will take effect upon commissioner’s court ratification of the commission’s vote 

 but a goose on ground 

By DAN K L E P P E R 
OUTDOOR EDITOR 
In flight, a hawk is a magnificent aerialist. It is in complete control of its environment as it drifts along unseen rivers of air. 
But a hawk on the ground is as awkward as a square cue ball. 
The bird walks like a goose, wobbling from side to side, occasionally attempting a half-hearted hop. 
And a lawn full of wobbling, hopping hawks is a fascinating sight, especially when the hawks are joined by flocks of wild pigeons, doves, flickers* lapwings and the crested tinamou. 
I witnessed the avian spectacle on a ranch 8o kilometers inland from the 
Argentine seaport of Bahia Blanca. 
The ranch is owned by E rnesto 
Ohlsson of Buenos Aires. It isn ’t a large ranch by Argentine standards. It encom passes ap pro xim ately 7.5oo acres. 
A little more than half of the ranch is planted in wheat, oats, barley, corn, sorgum, rye. clover and alfalfa. The remaining acreage serves as pasture for around 2.ooo head of registered black Angus cattle. 
Bulls 
Ohlsson’s interest is neither birds nor the trout in the strea m which meanders through thick woods behind the main house. 
His interest is in bulls. Angus bulls for breeding. Each October the ranch. 
Cabana La Sopresa, holds an Angus sale. Around 3oo head of black cattle, most of them bulls, are put in the ring, and buyers from many parts of Ar­ gentina attend. 
Near the sale ring is a building where potential buyers are wined and dined, literally. An Argentine wine called Aberdeen Angus is served to up to 1.8oo persons at a sit-down dinner at each sale. 
Horses 
Ernesto and his wife, Jutta. do not live on the ranch. They reside in 
Buenos Aires, where Ohlsson is an importer of newsprint. They also own a small hotel. Ilosteria del Viejo Molino, and a home in the Andean resort town of Bariloche. 
Jutta’s interest is not birds, either. 
She is interested in raising and racing thoroughbred horses, and her stud farm is half an hour's drive from the breeding bull ranch. 
The Ohlsson’s were married in 1971. 
Jutta emigrated from Germany a few years ago and after exploring the pos­ sibility of buying land for her stud farm in Kentucky or Tennessee, finally settled in Argentina. 
Ernesto is a native Argentine. His grandfather moved from Sweden to 
Argentina in 1885. An expert on butter and cheese, he started a dairy farm, and by 1915 had five of the farms. He was the first Argentine to export butter to Europe. 
He sold his farms to a large dairy product company and served on the board of directors of the firm. But you couldn’t keep grandfather off the farm. 
By 1919, he was a landowner again, this time of 7oo acres with a trout stream running through it. The farm. 

J 
, . , 
A u 
ExpreNN-XewN raj MS IJJ jAi m o o r s 

Sunday February 27 1977 

JUAN ECHEVARRIA, forem an of the cattle operation on a ranch in A rgentina, w ears trad itio n al dress of A rgentine gaucho, including baggy trousers — called bombachas — stuffed into boots 

ARGENTINE gauchos carry knives In clip-on m etal sheaths a t small of back. This one has silver handle and sheath. 

Ernesto explains, was only a front for the old man’s first love, trout fishing. 
The farm passed to Ernesto’s par­ ents. More land was bought, and in 

 tina offers some of the finest waterfowl shooting in the world. Two kinds of geese and several species of ducks nest in Tierra del Fuego near the antarctic 
* 
• 
~ 
M,,v* «** *»* **v4»a xiv t I UtfjU UY ai UIL tllllctl I UU 
1948 the Ohlssons decided they needed and m igrate northward to the lakes some cows. The choice of breed was based solely on color, Ernesto says, because his father remarked, “ Well, I sort of like the black ones." 
After they bought the cows, they had to have a bull. They bought a regis- 
— - — — — 
-...vt. tered one, and the Angus bull breeding cons,dercd a pest, is abundant in some farm was burn 
"areas, rhis nnnmir»r;ifnrv ic al­ 

 and m arshes of central and western 
Argentina. 
The geese concentrate in grain fields and damage some crops. There is no bag limit on the birds. 
The Andean eared dove, which is 

Argentines are big beef eaters. They consume 8o per cent of the beef pro­ duced in tile country, and it is grass fed and good. According to Ohlsson, there isn t a feed lot in the country. 
Grain is grown to feed people, not cat­ tle. 
But the grain also feeds the birds. 
Because of the political situation in wi, ww„.„ 
Argentina today, little hunting is done. American birds and cannot properly 
Firearms must be registered, and it is identify all of the birds which gather difficult to obtain permits for guns. on the large, mowed lawn at the Olhs* 
This is unfortunate, because Argen- son Estancia each da 

 areas. This nonmigratory dove is al­ most indistinguishable from the North 
American mourning dove, and is com­ mon in the grain fields west of Bahia 
Blanca. This same bird ranges through the Andes into western Colombia. Out­ fitters in Cali. Colombia, do a brisk business guiding bird shooters from 
North America. do not have a good book on South 

The large, pheasant-like tinamous, a game bird, are the most wary. They don’t venture far from the tall grass of the high-fenced pasture where Ernesto keeps a herd of fallow deer. When ap­ proached, the tinamou will hide in the grass and explode beneath your feet like a five-pound quail. 
The lapwings with their spiky head plumes and spurred wings, act like killdeer. They run at your approach, finally taking to air with raucous cries. 
Some of the birds frequenting the lawn. such as the wild pigeons, ob­ viously seek seeds, others seem to be after insects. But the hawks apparent­ ly attempt to make meals of a very small mouse or shrew which lives un­ derground. 
The lawn is littered by tiny mounds of black earth resembling miniature fire ant nests. Beside each mound is a hole similar to that a tarantula makes. 
Small rodents, Ernesto said, inhabit the holes. 
I was told that the woods along the 

 trout stream were inhabited by a wild pigeon even larger than those which fed on the lawn and that the pigeons nest in holes in the bank along the creek. 
I observed the pigeons one afternoon. 
They the largest wild pigeons I have ever seen, appearing to be half again as large as the blue rock. 
I did not see one go into a hole in the bank, but my companion, Glenn Titus, outdoor writer from Oklahoma City, maintains that as he fished the stream next morning he saw one of the big pigeons dive into the w ater like a kingfisher, come up swimming like a duck and then d isap p ear beneath overhanging limbs along the bank. 

In addition to being a writer, Glenn has a degree in wildlife biology and is a trained observer of wildlife. But I’ve been writing outdoors longer than he has, and I know from experience that in this business your lies can play tricks on you. 

G O O D Y E A R 
SERVICE E S T O R E S 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
THC MONEY SAVER 
WHOM CASH s o n A f WHOLSSAU 
3oo 
■■■» tm ma (WUK M . I m Im 
MOUIN to. 
ORN MON.-SAT. 7 j3 o - 3 . 

THERMO TILE 
CEILING TILE 
SUPER S A U 

Eoty To ln% talM ntulato*-Mo»tfuro Prod light Woight-Eoty To Cloon-Apptios With 
Mastic or Stoplot 
I 6* M N 
March I for inventory 

Ail Goodyear Service Stores will be closed ail day on Tuesday, March I, 1977 for inventory. 
Customers needing emergency service on that day should call 226-4187 Stores will reopen 
Wednesday with a Giant Inventory Clearance 

 um *nm 

 rn 
« mu 

• YOUR CHOICE . 
WHITEWALLS OR 8LACKWALLS 

 tO AU 
OU?* 
H tA V T 
SHOCK 

Kl u s Com 

I handling ond MOO' 
>O«*o wits 
(KUO* 

INSTALLATION A V A IlA tU I 

 m iii 

 ie mm ^ few 
•IBBS iSRm WM ho 

I I I ! L O 
. 
OO. 
IM O M 
I 
o*o-1*41 

 to 
F J A M O N DAV THOU 4A7UOOAV 

E L X B R K m o M anti 
ON M MUOI 
_ 

 sat 
Alt-13 
o7»M 
17*14 
54o-15 

SHI 
77*1* 
o7*14 
M7*I4 
I7 * IJ 
o7*15 
M7* 15 

TIT. 
*2 39 
2 33 
2 75 
2 43 
2 58 
28o all Mio* plot P I T . 
•ach A old tiro 
M7# 15 

Prix#* Good Now Thru Wad 
I AM ALL 4MftnC8N TMI | 

 t 

& 

DREW PEARSON 

Cowboys in cage gam e here 

The Dallas Cowboys will challenge the KSAQ radio personalities in the second annual charity basketball game March 18 at Alamo Stadium Gym. 
All proceeds from the game will go to the Boys’ Clubs of San Antonio. 

Drew Pearson, Ed .Jones, Kobert Newhouse and Billy Joe DuPree are among the Cowboy participants. 

Tickets are on sale at all Sears stores. Ducats are $2.5o apiece. 

Pony to Lion v 
DETROIT (AP) — Detroit Lions 
Coach Tommy Hudspeth said Saturday he has added Burnie Miller to his staff as defensive backs coach for the Na­ tional Football League club's 1977 season. 
Last season, Miller was defensive backfield coach at Southern Methodist 
University. 

Tigers tumble 

The Trinity baseball team dropped both games of a doubleheader Satur­ day afternoon, to Phillip s University. 
5-3 and 7-4 

The Tiger’s record for the year is now 2-8. 

FIRST G AM E 
Phillip s in; loi o - 
T rin ity 
OOO 
WO o ~ 
S iv U 'V 
K ester * SI a n d T u rn e r 
A h r o u s 
B e h re n 
W 
S isn e v 
L 
A h r e n s 

SECOND G A M E 
P hillip s 
OOO 
4oo 3 
— 
T rin ity 
OOO 
JO? o — 
M n v b e rrv . Koster 
161 and T u rn e r. W e nio (S) and Per c t. VV — M a y b e r r y . I 
- - 

 i 
13 
4 
3 
4 
o an d Von 

S 
I 
4 
S 
I bo 
Dun 
W ebb 
W EAR 

74 Prices! 

• \ 
---.o • 
; : 
Save *71 to *1oo per set of 4 on steel-belted new car radials 

Now through March 5 Goodyear Is reducing prices on double steel belted new car radials to 1974 levels. The 
1977 tire is ‘Custom Tread—the comparable 1974 tire was 
‘Custom Steeigard.’ Here’s a perfect opportunity for you to start enjoying all the advantages of gas-saving steel belted radial construction...including smooth ride, sure 

.*74 C f*') 
'■ 

Whitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Price 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steeigard) 

YOU 
SAVE 

Plus F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

BR78-13 
$64.45 
$4o 
$24.45 
$2.o6 

ER78-14 
$71.75 
$54 
$17.75 
$2.47 

FR78-14 
$77.55 
$58 
$19.55 
$2.65 

FR78-15 
$79.65 
$59 
$2o.65 
$2.59 

Whitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Price 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steeigard) 

GR78-15 
$33.o5 
$61 

HR78-15~ 
$89.2o 
$64 

JR78-15 
$92.55 
$69 

YOU 
SAVE 

Plus F.E T. 
No trade needed. 

$2.9o 

$3.11 

$3.27 

Sale Ends March 5 
TAIN CHECK — lf we sell out of your size we will Issue you a rain check, assuring tutura dalivery at th# advartiaed pries. 
Heavy-Duty Tires For Pickups/ Vans, 
Campers A RV's 
Nylon cord 'Rib Hi- 
Miler'for long, low-cost mileage 

SIZE 6 7o-15 
6PR tube-type, 
$2 41 F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

Sale Ends Wed. Night 

SIZE 
PLV 
RATING 
SALE 
PRICE 

Plus F I T. 
No Trad* 
Needed 

7.oo-15 
6PR TT 
$34.9o 
$2 85 

7 5o-16 
6 P R T T 
$4o.3o 
$3 44 

6 5o-16 
6PR T I 
$29.55 
$2 7o 
| 

8 oo-16 5 
6PR IL 
$37.8o 
$3 26 
J 

8.75-16.5 
6PR TL I 
$52 95 
$3.71 

ATTENTION COMMUTERS 
This dependable bias-ply tire with tire you need... so why buy more, all polyester cord may be all the why pay more? 

B78-131 All-Weather* blackwall. plus $1.8o 
F.E.T. and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T. and old tire 
E78-14 
$25.5o 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$2825 
$242 
G78-14 
$29.5o 
$2.58 
G78-15 
$3o.75 
$2.65 
Whitewalls Just $3.5o more. 

STEP UP TO 'POLYGLAS' 
Enjoy the difference 2 fiberglass and in wear. Get on ‘Polyglas’ cord belts can make in handling today. 

A78-13 Cushion 
Belt Polyglas’ blackwall plus $1 73 
F E T and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T. and old tire 
B78-13 
$27.95 
$1.8o 
E78-14 
$3o.5o 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$33.3o 
$2.42 
G78-14 
$34.8o 
$2.58 
G78-15 
$35.8o 
$2.65 
Whitewalls lust $3 more. a fir e a r 

MORE GOOD VALUES ON 
HASSLE-FREE AUTO SERVICE 
SERVICE OFFERS BELOW AVAILABLE ONLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES. 

Lube And Oil Change 

• C om plete chassis lu b ric a tio n & oil change • Helps ensure long wearing parts 
& smooth, q u ie t perform an ce • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 
Ask tor our Free Battery Power Check 
$488 

Up to 5 qts. ot major brand 
1o/3o grado oil 

Front-End Alignment 

• Complete analysis and alignment cor­ rection — to increase tire m ileage and improve steering • Precision equipment, used by e xp e rie n ce d mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 
$]]88 

Any U S made car — part- extra if needed. Excludes front-wheel drive car# 

Engine Tune-Up 

• Our mechanics electronically fine-tune your engine • New points, plugs & con­ denser • Test charging/starting systems, adjust c a rb u re to r • H elps m aintain a sm o o th ru n n in g e n g in e • In c lu d e s 
Datsun, Toyota, VW & light trucks 
*3688 

6 cyl - Add $4 tor S c y l, 
$2 for air cond 

Just Say “Charge It!” 
• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer 
Credit Plan • Master Charge • BankAmencard • American 
Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

See Your Independent Dealer For His Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores. 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES O pen M o n ., W e d ., Thor*., Fr». 8 to 3 3 o Tues., 9 to 5 :3 o 5ot. 8 to 5 

D O W N T O W N 
8 1 6 S. St. M a ry ’s 
2 2 2 -1 3 7 3 

NORTHWEST 
3 3 6 6 Fredsbg. Rd. 
7 3 5 -6 1 4 1 

NORTHEAST 
1 3 1 8 Austin Highway 
8 2 4 -o 2 o 8 

NORTH STAR 
2 2 6 Rector 3 4 4 -9 7 8 6 

I Acro»» from N. Stew M oll) 

NORTH 
4 7 o 2 San Pedro 
8 2 4 -2 3 7 1 

WEST 
1811 W est C om m erce 
2 2 5 -7 6 7 7 

SOUTH 
213 1 S.W. M ilita ry 
9 2 3 -4 5 6 3 

SOUTHEAST 
I 3 4 6 Fair 
5 3 4 -5 4 6 8 

DO W N TO W N 
4o1 N . A lam o 
2 2 7 -7 3 8 1 

EAST 
3 o 3 o la s t C om m erce 
2 2 5 -7 2 6 6 

PERRIN PLAZA 
1 1 4 7 9 Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 6 -3 1 1 1 

NORTHWEST 
1 4 9 8 Hillcrest 
4 3 4 -3 1 o 6 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
6 2 5 -2 3 2 3 

FREDERICKSBURG 
9 9 7 -7 5 5 6 

KERRVILLE 
2 5 7 -8 4 8 4 

SEGUIN 
3 7 9 -2 2 8 o 

GOODYEAR INDEPENDENT DEAL 
BAUMAN TIRE 
2 2 o 1 Cincinnati 
7 3 5 -5 2 5 1 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
1 1 9 W . O a k la w n H w y . 9 7 W e s t 
Pleasanton, Texas 5 6 9 -3 4 8 4 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
8 2 9 P at lo o k e r Road 
Universal City, Tx. 6 5 8 -4 7 7 1 

Page IQ S 
H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 I 977 
Clemens paces All-City girls’ cage team 

 oc 

2 

YVETTE DOUGLAS 
. . . Jay 
BETSY ECHOES 
. . . Holmes 
SYLVIA GODFREY 
. . . Clemens 
LESLIE BRAMIAM 
. . . Clemens 
ROSE PENKUNIS 
. . . Clemens 
SUSAN ROUSE 
. . . Clemens 

CRH offer you hew CULTURES, fi FASCINATING LIFESTYLE, AHD 
UNLIMITED CAREER OPPORTUNITY. 

The Lockheed Aircraft Service Peace Log Program will bring you in contact with fascinating people, new cultures, and a totally different lifestyle. Benefits include overseas bonus, TAX PROTECTION, free housing, education allowance, plus yearly flights to the U.S.A. 

MAINTENANCE SPECIALISTS 
A variety of openings here, involving the planning and scheduling of maintenance on aircraft, A G E, vehicle and electronic equipment. Duties will include inspection, repair, servicing and related activities. A familiarity with AEM 66 1 is required. 

MATERIEL SPECIALISTS 
In this position you will perform materiel control duties in support of engine, vehicle, aircraft and communication maintenance activities. Working completely with data, you will be involved with inventory management, property disposal, storage analysis, and production & resources management. 
Requires a knowledge of AFM 67 1. 

LOGISTICS SYSTEMS PLANNING SPECIALIST 
An opportunity for you to develop logistics plans in support of supply operations, traffic transportation, packaging, POL 
(fuels) management, materiel handling, and maintenance modification planning. Requires a detailed knowledge of 
AFM 67-1. 

SUPPLY COORDINATOR 
In this position, you will act as a problem solver in the operation of shipment and storage sections, container assembly and reclamation sections, and distribution & materiel facilities branches. A knowledge of AFM 67-1 is a must. 

TECHNICAL ANALYSTS lf successful, you will provide technical services and advice on the maintenance of aircraft and AG E equipment. Desired experience includes corrosion control, propeller overhaul, aircraft engine overhaul and aircraft airconditioning systems. 
Additional personnel are needed with experience in aircraft equipment commodity management and aircraft maintenance production control. A familiarity with AFM 66-1 is required. 

LOGISTICS SYSTEMS SPECIALIST lf successful, you will develop materiel supply procedures in support of aircraft, engine, missile, fuel and radar/ communications systems. Materiel supply procedures will cover distribution, requirements, identification, cataloging and technical publications. To qualify, you must have related experience, plus a knowledge of AFM 67-1. 

TRANSPORTATION SPECIALIST 
Your responsibility will be to provide technical expertise in the areas of air and surface transportation traffic management, passenger and household goods transportation, shipment planning, and freight rate analysis. Related experience will give you the edge. 

CONTRACTS 
Interesting opportunities where you will negotiate with customers on prices, delivery dates and work statements, and will monitor contract performance to insure compliance with event milestones and work statements. Your background should include work in all aspects of the contractual cycle, including experience in evaluating proposals. 

PROGRAMMERS 
To qualify for an opening in programming, you should have experience in preparing programs in support of logistics operations, plus some exposure to the preparation of fiscal and personnel management programs. A knowledge of 
COBOL is a must, and Honeywell Series 6ooo experience is desirable. 

SYSTEMS ANALYSTS 
You'll be called upon to design advanced data automation systems, and to develop, test and evaluate systems for maintenance analysis, materiel management, manpower forecasting and other areas. Desirable qualifications include 
Honeywell 6ooo system experience, plus a background in aerospace, logistics, electronics or transportation. 

Th* Lo ckh art A ircraft S*rvic* P*«c« Log Program 

 ii an I qual O pportunity im p io yar M /F . 

AIRCRAFT ELECTRONIC MAINTENANCE 
Requires experience in avionics, aircraft gun and weapons control systems, electronic flight controls, autopilots, compass systems, airborne communications and electronic countermeasures. 

AERONAUTICAL ENGINEER 
An interesting opportunity where you will prepare, review and revise technical instructions and design specifications as they apply to aircraft and A G E equipment. Your experience should include aircraft maintenance analysis, engine propulsion analysis, and analysis of aircraft associated ground equipment. 

QUALITY CONTROL ANALYST 
In this position you'll be responsible for non-destructive inspection, QC lab and data analysis, and materiel equipment inspection. To qualify, you should have a knowledge of magnetic particle testers, weighing devices, x ray equipment, and test equipment for fluorescent and visible penetrants and eddy currents. A familiarity with AFM 66-1, the U SAF 
Technical Order System, and OC programs relating to POL storage and aerospace maintenance or supply storage facilities is also required. 

PRODUCTION CONTROL 
In this position you'll evaluate work methods, allocate workloads, establish schedules and evaluate the effectiveness of personnel. Requires production control experience in vehicle, electronic or aircraft maintenance. 

MATERIEL ANALYST 
In this "hands on" position, you'll be involved in materiel shipping, receiving, warehousing and crating, as well as various activities related to inventory management, in addition to a background in a similar area, you should also be familiar with 
AFM 67-1. 

GENERAL ELECTRONICS 
Requires experience on fixed and mobile electronic systems used for defensive, tactical, strategic and administrative purposes. 

QUALITY CONTROL ENGINEERS 
We're looking for personnel with a knowledge of portable & fixed magnetic particle testers, mechanical & electronic weighing devices, x ray equipment, or test equipment for fluorescent and visible penetrants and eddy currents. You should be familiar with AFM 66-1, the U SAF Technical Order 
System, and must be experienced with OC programs relating to POL storage, and aerospace maintenance or supply storage facilities. 

DATA AUTOMATION EQUIPMENT ANALYSTS 
One position is available for an experienced PCAM 
Maintenance Technician who can work on key punches, verifiers, sorters, reproducers and collators. Two positions are open for experienced G1o5 keypunchers. 

For information concerning any of tho p o sitio n s listed, please call the LA S Peace Log Employment Office at 
(714) 988-2117, or send your resume to: 
Lockheed Aircraft Service 
Peace Log Program c/o Lockheed Aircraft Service Company 
Department 9 143, P.O. Box 33 
Ontario, California 91761 

U.S. Cituanship R e q u ire d 

 f / / . 

/> 

LOCKHEED AIRCRAFT 
SERVICE COMPANY/IRAN 

CHERYL ASHLEY 
. . . Houston 
TERRI MOLLETT 
. . . Houston 

By HARRY PAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

MARSHA WEICHOLD 
. . . Judson 

Clemens, led by guard Sylvia Godfrey, dominates the 1976-77 
Express-News All-City Girls’ basketball team. 

Four Buffettes are on the nine-player first team. which was selected by the 
Express-News Sports Department from the nominations of 29 schoolgirl coaches. 
Godfrey is the second athlete in city history to be named to an all-city team for three consecutive years in the same sport. Robert Rodriguez of South San 
Antonio was named to the all-city baseball team from 1974 to 1976. 
In addition to Godfrey, the Buffettes have forwards Susan Rouse and Rose 
Penkunis and guard Leslie Branham on the squad. 
Cheryl Ashley of Houston and Marsha Weichold of Judson complete the forward selections. 
- 
. . . . . . . f 
Yvette Douglas of Jay, Betsy Echols of Holmes and Tern Mollett of Houston loin Godfrey and Branham at the guard spots. 
Weichold. Penkunis, Douglas, Echols and Branham are juniors, while Monett is a sophomore. The rest are seniors. 
Douglas, Godfrey and Echols received four votes each from the nine-member selection staff, while Branham and Mollett got three votes each. 
The forwards all received four votes. 
Weichold was the city scoring champion, averaging 29.9 points per game. 
Penkunis scored 21.3 points per game and averaged seven rebounds and five steals a game. Rouse averaged 13.4 points, five rebounds and five steals per game. Ashley averaged 25.3 points per outing. 
The second team is made up of fowards Angela Carrington and Eleanor Bilotta of Jay. Carol Muerer of Ursuline, Darcy Paxton of Clemens and Denise Hall of lx*e; the guards are Kathy Guzman of Burbank. Anita Jerrell of Houston, Beverly 
Brock of Jay and Saundra Ingamells of Marshall. 
All players on the second team missed the elite squad by either one or two votes. 

1976-77 All-City 
Girls’ Basketball Team 

First Team 

Player, school 
Hgt. 
Pos. 
Class 

SUSAN ROUSE, C lem ens................................. 5-7 
Forward 
Senior 
CHERYL ASHLEY, H ouston.......................... 5-9 
Forward 
Senior 
MARSHA WEICHOLD, Judson.................... S IO*a 
Forward 
Junior 
ROSE PENKUNIS, C lem ens........................... 5 11 
Forward 
Junior 
SYLVIA GODFREY. Clem ens 
5-3 
Guard 
Senior 
TERRI MOLLETT. Houston............................. 5 9 
Guard 
Soph. 
YVETTE DOUGLAS, J a v ................................. 5-7 
Guard 
Junior 
BETSY ECHOLS, H olm es 
5-5 
Guard 
Junior 
LESLIE BRANHAM, C lem en s...................... 5-4 
Guard 
Junior 

SECO NO T E A M 
Forwards: Anoela Carrington and Elean or Bilolta. Jo y ; Corol M uerer. U rsuline; D orcv Horton. 
Clemens. Denise Hall, Lee Guards: Kathy C o lm a n . Bu rb an k, Anda Je rre ll. Houston; Be ve rly 
Brock, Ja v ; Saundra ingamells. M arshall 
H O N O R A B L E M E N T IO N 
Fow ards: Karen M axi lotto. M arsh all. Sue Dodge. M arsh a ll; Rogena Reed. Edgewood; Lori 
Larriso n , Jud son , Regina A rrington . H olm es, Je a n m c R om ero. M e m o ria l; Debbie O livares. 
Burden*. Lisa Lovingston, Edison. Pom Knotts, Fo * Tech, Sheryl Campbell. Highlands; Owen 
Wilson. Jeffe rson , G lo ria A lvarad o , L a m e r; Tin a M eeks, W h e atle y; E s tre ia C anales, Alam o 
Heights. Kathy Shea. Clem ens; Leslie Mason. Churchill. L Anna Howard, M acA rth u r; Vicki Finch, 
Roosevelt. Debbie B ra iy. Southwest. Fran cm e White. Southwest, Theresa Willett. Som erset. Lu 
Ernest, Som erset; Cindy Moddo*. St. G e r a r d s , E la in e G a rc ia , Provid e n ce ; Eileen Edm onds. 
Blessed Sacram ent 
Guards: Roe Ann Dixon, Clem ens; Cheryl Cam pbell. Kennedy; Annette Santiago. Edison; Janet 
Bendete, Lee; Lisa Brown, Southwest; B e ck y Beam , Southwest, Ph/ins W eoer, Ursuline. Brenda 
Wheeler, St Fran cis. Ph yllis W eber, U rsuline; Stephanie DeMun >rum. Incarnate Word; Koren 
Wagner, Judson, Bonnie Joyn er, Edgewood 

B t ! 5 

A Musted 

MUSK FROM AN) NSPffl) BX TV* 
DAVI) I AQ.FTE PHfUCTIN Cf 1CoT5' 

J r n 

YOU'VE READ THE BOOK... 
YOU'VE SEEN THE TV SHOW™ 
NOW HEAR THE ALBUM. 
Quincy Jones'*. Roots 

Music from and inspired by the David L. Wolper production of "Roots/' Conceived by a man with a history just as famous. 
No one but Quincy Jones could give you the sound of "Roots"! 
Album Sale 3.99 Tape Sale 5.991 

 t 9 S Sat las . . 
79* Series . . . Nag. 
6 . 9 9 

Ad pi ices Good Fob ?§th Riry M o'th 2tsd 

 musicland 
Iw .tH m , A M s* I m h M 
I S 1 
W indsor Park Moll 
Up»or lo vol n o e l to (Milord t 
633-o644 

SALINAS blocks Bean shot 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBELL 
Burbank wins title 

Continued from Page IS their season at 28-8. 
Bulldog star Gilbert Salinas, who didn’t play in those three the three losses because of a hand injury, scored 13 points and had live blocked shots before fouling out with nine seconds left in the game. 
Abraham Davis scored 23 points. Bean had 14, and 
Handy Reed IO for Sam Houston. 
Burbank hit 2H of 31 free throws while Houston mustered only nine of 17 before o,4oo (4,oo7 paid) fans. The game featured nine ties and eight lead changes. 
* “ I just had to make ‘em.” said Gamboa after the 

 game. 
Mr. Clutch 
“ Mr. Clutch,” Salinas said of Gamboa. “ He has got ice in his veins. It was a helluva game. No, I didn’t think about my injured hand, I just wanted to play.” 
Houston led at halftime 32-3o. Burbank’s biggest leads were five points ■— throe times — and the last one was at 56-51 with 1:34 left in the game. Houston’s biggest advantage was at 3o-32 and 38*32 early in the third period. 
“ It was our game, but we made too many mis­ takes,” Davis said after the game. “ When we got that lead in the third quarter. I think we relaxed too 
'much. We should have won, it’s our fault we didn’t. 
*\Ve missed too many shots also.” 
Opportunity 
J Houston could have taken the lead with 42 seconds remaining in the game but Bean missed a layup 
.trailing 36-55. After Gamboa missed his only free 
•throw in the period, guard Darrell Lynch overthrew 
‘ Fred Miehaux down court with the ero ee*> trailing by the same score. Next time, Gamboa did not give 
Sam Houston a break. 

BURBANK 
6o) 
- Steve Gcim boo ?o, G ttoert Satina*, 13, Pool* 8. 
Puente 6, Lom oart 6, D Satinas S, Martin*,? J, Hernando? 
HOUSTON <S7> 
- A e ra riu m D a vis 23. Coories Bean 14. R andy 
,R eed IO L yn ch 6. Jones 4 M im a u * 
S im m ons 
H a lftim e : 
Houston 32, B u rd o n * 3o c. 
Bulldogs fell, 64-54 

SPfCIAl TO THI (KWK SS NIWS 
COMMERC E — Larry McGhee and Nato Granger combined for 52 points Saturday night to lead East 
Texas State to a 64-54 victory Over Texas Lutheran iii the first round of the NAJA District 4 playoff's. 

The victory puts East Texas in the finals against 
St. Mary’s, which trounced Howard Payne. 76-59, 
The game w ill be played Tuesday night in Com­ merce beginning at 7.3o p.m. 
The winner of that game w ill advance to the na­ tional tournament in Kansas City. 
McGhee scored 27 points and Granger 25 for the 
Lions, now 21-7. 
TLO, playing in postseason competition for the first tune since 1965. finished with a 21-1o record. 
“ We didn’t contain Granger and McGhee the way we wanted to, said Jim Shuler, the TIX couch. “ It was not so much the fault of our defense as it was their outstanding play.” 
But for TIX. the turning point cann* late in the second half when the Bulldogs went five minutes without a point. 

TCC (S41: 
Anderson 9 J J 2o P o rter I 8 13 I#, T nom ot 3 o o 6. jones 7 7 7 n Silva 2 o 2 4, Strut o OO o, Schmitt o OO o. Kam e o o-o p Totals. 71 12 3o S4 
EAST TEXAS 
*41: 
M c G t* 9 9 11 J/, M. O ro n o ** 12 • 4 2S, J 
G anour 3 o o 6, Guilford 7 O O 4. t a u t 1 o o 2, A u fhn o o o o, Roo* 
o iio o W illiam s o OO o, M •Block o o o o Totals V 1o-25 S4 
H alftim e: East Texas 2* TCC TO 
SWC tourney 

TOU (OTI: Boyts 3 I 2 8 Mc f adoors 3 o o 6 M arion 8 7 7 18, H ill S o 4 
Hi Mollie 1 o I 6. G ov.eft OOO#, Crowe 3 7 2 8. Hoyt 4 12o, Ashley I o I 
I, Wysono o O O o Totals Mi / 14 
HOUSTON (111) 
Rose 6 1 * 16 Birdsong 14 6 IO 36, Tro m m el 3 4 4 
IO. Smutty 2 o 14. T nompvon 2 o 1 4 C ion* 2 4 S I, W inder 1 4 * 6 W aiser 
o d o 6. Pears I l l IS, G arson o OOO, P e rry A OOO, Roeer o OO o, Kelly 3 
J I 6 Totals 4o JI 43 wait ti me hoo s ton 41, TCL) 26 
Total touts 
TCU 34, Houston 21 
^pouted out— Boyts Mc Kadorn‘ Milt. Hoyt, Wysnng A 
J. IOO 

R IC * <781: Cunningham 7 7 2 S. Volo I OO 2 
Jackson s J J p a r den « IO l l 24, Thomas 8 o o 16 Melter 4 o o #, Sunm an* OOO 
^Couwerse 1 o o 7, Cane a l t o , Forrest a . ' 27 Totals 79 i* 21 
TEXAS TECH ( t i ) . Oui I-. 8 J J I#, I- lr. or ..is I I H 
M u** 
%. D"i*n 2 BB A Kitchens I • I I I . W illiam s 7 OO 14 Houston J J 
*A OOO Bu nom* I o 3 2 Son dec* J BO I Rudoton / n o r Tole 
H alftim e- texas Tecrt it. Hue 2s Total tom* 
Rue I# I 
■o71 Fouled out 
Va,a Dunn A -1.4o1 

4 6 2o menu 

 i Tete 

BA V C O * O T I 
Soh 
6*o11oo SOO** ■ncjnifc, 
E d w a rd s 
Oliver I o 
JI, Mc G 
JI 

▼ EXAS (IE ) 
4 Id, k r ivacs 
I uteris 17 16 3 
H alftim e 
Be outed oui lei 

 loafer 9 4 t 
I i 2i Nu hi 

 lei 
T Utoi fouls 
Bu* HH 19 
I t l l , , IJ 
Dotson Nichols A -6 .C M 

Buffs 

 lose 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

 m 

 state 

 cage 

 finals 

Continued from Page IS 

Clemens shots. 
“ They had too much height, they were too tall for us and we could not stop their rebounding.” said “ 
Clemens’ Coach James Leonard. 
Oak Cliff mentor Gary Blair echoed, 
“ They didn’t have the size on the guards’ end to stop us.” 
Leonard had hoped to contain the 
Oak Cliff forwards. 
“ They play a double low post and our plan beforehand was to front them with one guard, sag with another and put the third guard on their outside for­ ward, take her tough aud intercept the ball if they tried to lob it. 
“ But they were just too big and it didn't work.” 
The difference, he pointed out,.came in the second quarter when South Oak 
Cliff outscored Clemens, 26-7, to take an insurmountable 48-23 load into the dressing rooms. 
Clemens hail its best quarter in the third round round, outscoring the 
Bears, 24-13, and closing tin1 gap to 
61-47 going into the fourth period. 
No changes 

Leonard said, “ We didn’t change anything, we just came out playing. 
“ We just came out hustling, which I 

 thought we did the whole game. Our players never quit. They played an excellent game. 
“ We just ran into a bigger, and I guess a better, club.” 

Tho Buffettes twice came within 12 points in the third quarter before dig­ ging as deeply as they could into Oak 
C liff’s lead when reserve Chris Cal­ deras, hit a bucket to make it 75-65 a minute from the end. 

Susan Rouse, who set a Class A AAA tournament single-game record of 16 free throws Friday, led Clemens with 
27 points, including IO in the third 

 period. 

Excellent 

Rose Penkunis, called by Blair, “ An excellent ballplayer,” tallied 26 points following her 32-point performance 
Friday. 
The 5-11 junior shot 23 of 45 from the floor in two games here. 
Penkunis hit three straight baskets in the early going for a 1o-9 Clemens lead, the only time the Buffettes were on top all day. 

Sandra Lee led the Bears with 3o points and Lorretta Lister added 25. 

The winners hit 3o of 6o afield and 19 of 32 at the line. 
Clemens went 24 for 61 from the floor and 17 of 29 at the line. although their two for seven performance there hurt them in the first quarter when it was still close. 
Prospects look good for Clemens next season, as only Rouse and guard 
Sylvia 
Godfrey graduate of the 
12-girl state tournament roster. 

Spearman won the first of four Sa­ turday title games with a 61-58 victory over Waco Robinson in Class AA. 

Canyon, appearing at state for the ninth consecutive year, reversed losses in the two previous AAA finals by stopping Waco Midway, 58-54 
Cooper won the Class A honors by trouncing Deweyville, - . 

Dallas South Oak Cliff w inds up 38-2, losing only to defending state champion Duncanville and new Class 
B Champion Nazareth. The la tte r handed Canyon its only loss. 

DALLAS SOUTH OAK C L IF F 
79) - 
S a n d ra 
Lee 3o, L o rre tta t i l t e r 
?S, A n ita T oxter 
I*, valentine 4, wilson 2, Jacaue-, 2. B arn ett, Jenkins. 
Phillips, Brown, Terrell, Green 
C L E M E N S (65) - 
Susan Rous* 77 Rose Pen tunis 26. D arcy Haxton IO. Bolrtero? 2. G odfrey, 
Shea. Branham . Dixon, Cheryl Rouse, Rrnm onn, 
Nelson 
Halftim e: 
South Oak Clift 48, Clem ens 23 . 

Sunday February 27 1 9 7 7 
H 
Page I 1-S 
Lam tough 

AUSTIN (AP) 
— Olym pic Gold 
Medalist Johnny (Lam) Jones crossed the finish line first four times Saturday to lead the Texas Longhorns past North 
Texas and TCU in track and field competition here. 
Texas notched the victory with a total of 1o2'2 points. North Texas finished a distant second with 47,2 and 
TCU had 16, 
Jones won the KH) yard dash in 9 21, the 22o in 21.6 and anchored the win­ ning 44o and mile relay teams. 
In addition to Jones’ crowd-pleasing performance, Longhorn high jumper 
Terry Davenport sailed over the bar at 
8 foot-IO. his personal best, to win the event 
Teammate Bob Keith took second, clearing the same height but w itll more misses. 
Owls tough 

HOUSTON (AP) - The Rice Owls, sparked b> Curtis Isaiah, defeated 
Texas AAM. 89-87, i i i a dual track meet 
Saturday. 
Isaiah won the long jump with a 22-11 effort to nip tin' Aggies’ Shifton BakAr, 
11-1o, for high point honors. 

W* N 8 I I*? J SaeUiu.*.* f f . f i , 
< eel ii .OW 8 6 7 6 Day., iii# 
#. 
*■ cit.!#* I 88 2 Vat***#vine § 

 lo u t Hi MN ME THOOtiV 7# I ti 
J ti wanton 6 IO I i IN m u * ii. k I J J Ii 
Hm r n 4 o o 8 Ar naut 1o 8 2 Mote I 8 a & 8 t amu JI 2* 27 tv 
T i X A * AB M i i , Jane* I# 4 74, t i l t A 5 * o 
I l k * 
* J Boom w a 1 1 2 3- ic of u TMK t 4 o 2 Ooh i m 
14 Ca* ie# j a a *, til-. 4 I I * Ueaei yurt 8 o 3 8, B ill I *H I § o I f a»«i, in iv H #« ti ,«* feta* AAM M, EMU J* t«KW lay, EMU Ii AAM 24 

27-32% off. 
Steel-belted whitewalls. 

• 2 impwt-resiMunt stci’l brits rt'durr milragr-robbing tread squirm 

 provide added durability, strength 

Grappler I on sale thru Max h I 

Free mounting. 

TI IHLI 6— 
Hr 1.IU AH 

 vt nm u ai I prick 
MO______ LALK* 

- ai r 
(•KH I 
KACH' 

 pi uh 
I r 1 
RACH 
A7H BJ 
$18 
2 o6 

CTS-14 
155 _ v c 
21 3 
K78-1.4.............1 M L 
2.55 
F78 l l . ...........163 l i f t 
I l a 

. G78 JL4 
S88 
$-17 
?. 9 7 

H78-14 
$68 __ 
VIM 
3 24 

Q78-16 
$68 
4 11 * 
3.o3 

JJ I s IS 
$ 1 2 
$51 s r i! 
J - i ;> 
$ 7 7 
$5-1 
IT M * 

L,7> LO 
........ I8U 
$58 
3 46 
No trade-in 
$16-$29 off. 
Steel-belted radial whitewalls. 

• B uilt tough: I steel, I rugged ravo n b rits 
• 2 durable, smooth-riding polyester plies 

*3o off. 12x9-foot nylon/canvas cabin tent. 
97 
119 

Hmm rtuvfui 88—4* 
Induatr* Sirnmdmd ( PAI §4 

REGULARLY 149.99 

Nylon walls let windn slide over easily. White (Olton drill roof reflects sun and breathes to reduce moisture condensation. 
Inside zippered storm curtains are nylon self-repairing ty|**. 
Aluminum frame. Weights only 
2o-lbs. Similar to illustration. 
JJU uu !'», I M i J room tent 
J IU U7 

SAVE *4o 
9x15-FOOT FAMILY CABIN TENT 
12988 

Sleeps 8, W h ite cottun roof to reflect hot sun. 
Lightweight nylon walls. 
REGULARLY 169 99 

3Vi QT. CROCKERY SLOW-COOKER 

Genuine ti one* are? wrap-around heal— no m m lung 
I heat set­ tings 
REGULARLY 13. 
I O 88 

Save $3o 

H i* ’n* her* 27" 1o-spd, racers 
9988 

Ha- Slum<«no8 (mnu trod derailleur ann) 
(stem shit ( Center-pull brake*, -ately lever* 
REGULAR 129 99 

Fit* most US « 
Insist (sd (rte 

J f t l V 

( . E T A W A Y 
I i — I Y I* ) 
7. Z IV 

C a id ( 'r a n k in g p o w e r 
Ht nerve c a p a c ity 
S u m b e r o f p la te n 

82o r ib in 1 it u t s n 
7M 

Cut 8.o7 
Maintenance-free “ 4 2 ," reg. 36.95 

It won’t mud more a .it it 
—_ 
_ 
Up to 42o cold c rank amp.* for-tarting am**Horre* 
£ 4 C e exchange 

Save now 

Popular non-resiitor 
AC spark plug. 

Im prove* ga- R*« *°w in 1 I»- .1 rf e 
.1 rid 
Marting power *3 IF 
Kctulur . . . . . . . 99a 

 rem 1 r — 
WHIT! WAI 1 
Min: 
Al MI 
Ills 

IU 1.1 I AH 
PHII 4 
MAUE 
PHH I 
PUI- 
P L I 
4 V< ll 
HK7Q I I 
$5.' 
$:t6 
2 25 
KH?i» I 1 
JU', ,’uK I I 
$*» • 
$45 
2 67 
KK7o 11 
JI1, /UH I I 
__Iou 
$IM 
2 86 

OH 7 " 11 
ZI'. HK l l 
$71 
$51 
3 OO 
HH,:* 1 1 
21 ■> ; HH ll 
$HU 
$56 
3 29 
QK7o I '• 
_ l f . /HH 11S 
J 
< 
$55 
3 o5 
HH 'n 1 . 
J I', HH 1 , 
4-1, 
$66 
3 27 

■IHT" r , 
24’> /HR I", 
$*IH 
$6.1 
3 43 

LK 7o n 
SOB 
$67 
3 6o 
HAI-r ll WHI lr ll Pl LM- 1 MOI ll ll -IR VII ll. 

BHO 11' 
162 
$.16 
2 25 
KH 711 11 
JU', . nil ll 
, 
M S _ 
$ 1 5 
2 67 
KH7<> 14 
21 tv TOR ll 
SBO 
$48 
2.8 6 

U l . i i 1 1 lib Tun I t 
..... 174___ 
$51 
3 OO 
ORTO IS 
225 /OII 15 
$71 
> 8 $ 
3 o5 
No tra d * i-in noodled S IN I,I ) HAIM XI P IY 

Road lamer Radial on x,de thru March I 

Low - od mat adat ion available. 

Fit moat cava 

Cut 29% 

Ward* heavy-duty l :l/1«-in. shocks. 

4 
9 7 . a each 
Regularly 6.99 

Ride getting bumpy * 
Sm ooth it out wi t h the*e rugged kHim k* 
EiH-h hun hard working over*t/od 11 'n*" piston 
% 

Save *4o 
Our I Vfc-ton hydraulic service floor jack. 
Garage quality a 
All site) rein 
(orted body 4 
2o*Idt range 
159 
Baa nm ai 

Save 2o% 

I qt. W ards I OW 4o: our best m otor oil. 
Unproven winter ag agt 
■•tarting, pro Lu ter( , engine in 
-mintier - heel 
Reg. 69< 
Auto Service Specials 

W ards T ire and Auto Service Dept*. Open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. 

W ards lube special. 

I a t mu,I 
$9 mg 

 h 
Can wiHmM ad boma* ext,a 

 its titlin g * tra d rni>- uid re,if end h i »pn» 
- extend life *4 p art*, vau quiet p i ii im >, it* e 

W heel alignm ent. l l 88 tot 
US * ar* 
Labor eely 

We .b elk 
BEC, 14 t i r<« • 1 mallei then thetk 

Value 
Electronic wheel balance, rotation 
-1 
I O 

TUNE-UP YOUR 
AIR CONDITIONER 

W.'Tbe.'k g * 8 
• And Wit* Mtc f M 

Parts & I rSMit Est*# 

WARDS CHARO-ALL CREDIT CAN HELF INCREASE YOU FA M ILY'S SUY ING POWER. W H Y NOT COME APPLY POR AN ACC OUN P 
Sensible prices? Sure thing! 

GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES* 
READ ll|?Hjj.l .1W.1l|?blJI|:l?UJIlT 
THIS: 

INSTANT CREDIT AVAILABLE 

ALL YOU 
NEED 
IS 
ONE 
OF 
THESE 
CARDS 
. . . 

MASTERCHARGE • BANKAM ERICAR D • DINERS CLUB 

OR AM. EXPRESS. BE OVER 18 • HAVE DRIVERS U P 

LICENSE • HAVE LISTED PHONE • BE EM PLO YED. 
TO 

GUARANTEE* 

•WI 
GU A t ANT EL 
THE 

LOWEST 
FURNITURE 

PRICES Of ANY TURN! 

TURE STORE ANYWHERE. 

REGARDLESS 
Of 
ANY 

TYPE 
U LI 
(MERGER 

SAUS, END Of MONTH, 

CLEARANCE 
OR 
ANY 

OTHER SALI. 

•YOUR 
CHOICE 

••lf YOU CAN RND ANY 

NEW FURNITURE AT ANY 

RETAIL 
STORE 
ANY- 

WHERE THAT BEATS THE 

PRK! 
Of 
ANY 
FURNI­ 

TURE YOU BUY AT UNIT­ 

ED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

WI 
WKL 
BERINO 
TO 

YOU I M S Of THE DR 

FERENCE 
(CONDITIONS: 

(I) 
PRICE 
CONRRMA 

HON IS REQUIRED 
(2) 

MUST Bl 3o DAYS Of 

PURCHASE )3) MUST Bl 

AURE 
ANO 
Of 
SAMI 

BR ANO ANO OR MODEL 

NUMBER(S). 

 fox PHOt° 

A L L M E R C H A N D I S E S U B J E C T T O P R I O R S A L E 
A L L S O L O O N A I t i C O M E — t »f S E R V - 

ED 
B A S I S . 
W I 
R E S E R V E 
THE 
R I G H T 
T O 
L i M l | Q U A N T I T I E S O N 
A L L , M E R C H A N D I S E 

SOARE 
M E R C H A N D I S E 
M A Y 
N O T 
B l 
E X A C T L Y 
A S S H O W N . 
N O T 
R E S P O N S I B L E 
F O R 

T Y P O G R A P H I C A L E R R O R S IN T H I S A O . 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 27 1977 mumm 

Hard hitting action 

Al Sapenter, left, and 
Warren Kohls hold 
Golden Gloves sign as a reminder of the action which gets underway Thursday at Municipal Audi- torium. Tickets are on sale at all military bases and the 
Convention Center ticket office. 

OUR 
RETAIL 
PRICE 

BOOKCASE 

KING HEADBOARD 

TWIN HEADBOARD 
You can literally make a room to suit yourself with this fine 
CORNER DESK furniture. All pieces except bookcases are lighted. Center 
VANITY glide dustproof construction. White finish on select veneers with chrome accents. 
---------------------- 

*tourt» mfg. price Kit. Price lilt ovoiloble at both itore locations. e 
M i 
Gloves wei w w [Ti Bl Ri. I! 
PEGGY’S BED/BATH BOUTIQUE 
All wood with plastic tops, warm honey pine finish 
Choose a complete set or lust the pieces you need 
E n tries for the 1977 San Antonio Golden Gloves 
Boxing T o urn am en t will weigh in Sunday from ll a m. until 3 p m . at the Calderon Boys’ Club. BOO 
S VV. 19th St. 
The tourney, sponsored by B oys’ Clubs of San 
Antonio, will run from T h u rsd ay until S aturday at the Municipal A uditorium . The fights will be begin at 7:3o p.m. each day. 
Tickets for the m atch es are on sale at the Boys’ 
Club. 2525 West Ave., all m ilitary bases, the Con­ vention C enter Box Office and A u d ito riu m Box 
Office. 

• Captain s tied w/drawer unit and bonie .... ‘285 

• 5-drawer chest....... ‘95 

• Dresser with mirror ‘ 125 

• lingerie chest ...... ‘ 89 

• Student Desk 
*79 
Bookcase Unit 
MANY OTHER 
PIECES IN 
THIS POPULAR 
GROUP ARE AVAILABLE 

• Commode 

• Bunk Beds Complete w/bunkies 
.... 
• Pair jot. twia beds - *1?9 
IFomew c y c lis t d u e l 
EVERY ITEM IN THE WONDERLAND STORE 
SAVE 2o-3o-5o% 
MUST BE SOLD!! 

DOUBLE DRESSER. MIRROR, HEADBOARD, AND NIGHTSTAND 
T he F irst World Invitational W o m en ’s Motorcycle 
C ham pionship is one of four m ajor cycle events to be sponsored by C yeleram a this sp rin g and su m m e r. 
The Invitational will be held May 28-29. 
O ther events a re the A m erican M otorcycle Gulf 
Coast Regional. lune 18-19; N ational Mini-Cycle, 
July 9-1o; and tin* AMA 125ce M otorcross C h am ­ pionships, August 14 
T rainers lo sp eak 

T rainers Skip Cox of B aylor and Alan E g g e rt of 
Rice will he am ong the sp e ak ers at an Athletic 
Injuries S em inar sponsored by the B exar County 
Medical Society M arch 14 the B exar County M edical 
L ibrary from 8 a m. until 4 p.m . 
Auburn trainer Kenny H oward w ill also be on the faculty at the sem inar. 
Mike Morrow , executive director of the N orth San 
Antonio C ham ber of C om m erce, w ill be the luncheon speaker. 
F or reserv ations call 734-«fi91. 
T IX gam e film sla te d 

SPECIAL TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 
SEGUIN — Highlights from the T exas L utheran football season will Im* shown M onday at 7:3o p.m. at the Sirloin Stockade. 8828 R e se a rc h Blvd 
Mike 
W ashington, q u a rte rb a c k for the TLO B ulldogs, two-time national football c h a m p s in Division ll of the MAIA, and m e m b e rs of the coaching staff will be on hand 

Heavy duty Hercuion sofa and chair. A 
. 
_ 
Carefree vinyl in gold or chestnut . . .all in brass nailhead trim. 
WASHINGTON 
BIRTHDAY SPECIAL 
Includes chair, sofa, loveseat and ottoman 

BEDSPREADS 
TOWELS 

BATH RUGS 
PICTURES 
SOAPS 
SAFETY BENCH 
CUSH N SOFT TOILET SEATS 
SHOWER CADDY 
PILLOWS 
BATH ACCESSORIES 

PEGGY’S BED & BATH BOUTIQUE 
232 Wonderland 
732-66o7 
UNITED DISCOUNT BEDDING VALUES 
S-inch quilled loam sell 
2o-year ORTHO 

 l i m i t e d w a r r a n t y 
TWIN ------------- *59 
TWIN E ft.......... *1o9 

FULL ................... *79,.. 
FULL m j * _____ *129 
QUEEN ........... ‘ 1o9 ..I QUEEN w«.......*174 
KING ................*149... KING 
$459 
*229 

DOOR CHESTS 
LEFT OVER 
FROM SUITES 

SPECIAL GROUP 

35m m Cam eras and Lenses 

 l f 
Medltarranaan 
'll style mr luau* kghtud 
\ 
5 china with braes grillwork and glass shelves 5 s.de chans and I arm chair of all w ood w ith dacorator seats 

Beautiful Oak stykng features mar proof AAcarta table top China has wood grillwork glass shelves and bghts Suite includes table, china, and f> side chairs with I arm chair 
A U WOOD 

Beautiful pecan finish. C om ­ plete suite includes large tri­ ple door dresser, large lighted door chest, brass grill work, 
7 fo o t tall arm oire ch e st, 
I night stand and any sue 
$ N «% to a headboard 
I was# 
'RUHF 
W r ALL CURRENT MODELS 
Mfg. Sug. List Price 
Sal* Pries 
PENT AX KM w /fl.8 le n s .......................... $378 oo 
*224.88 
PENT AX KX w /fl.8 lens ........................... 431 75 
2 5 9.8 8 
PENT AX K-2 w /fl.4 lens ......................... 665 OO 
398.88 
PENT AX 28 mm 13.5 lens ........................ 199.5o 
119.5o 
PENT AX 35mm f3.5 lens .......................... 144.5o 
84 .5o 
PENTAX 135mm #3.5 le n s........................ 179.5o 
1o9.5o 

SAVI AN ADDITIONAL 1o% ON TELEPHOTO OR MIDI ANGLE LINS 
WHEN PURCHASED WITH ANV SERIES K BODY AND SO MM LENS 
PRICES GOOD ON EXISTING STOCK ONLY 
*? 1726 BROADWAY A 246 NORTH STAR MALL 

DeSolo Dining Room 

• Night Stand 

(Hi m aith brat. gnUeaoifc lobe and a baouiiful and gum end pariah , ba dutiful poton ftntUt 

Complete 

 sU w jT J T D 
1o4 E. LAMAR 
AND 
1o41o PERRIN-BEITEl RD. 

OPEN 
TUES. 1o-9 
TO THE 
THURS. 1o-9 
PUBLIC: 
SAT. 1o-2 
(CLO U D TO THI PUBLIC ALL OTHER D A TS 

T U K E 

WB NCSCRVP THC MONT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 
§3 

SAVINGS GOOD ALL WEEK! 
COPYRIGHT 1977, SUPERX DRUGS 

•V. 

VEGETABLE 
GARDEN 

& 
FLOWER 
SEEDS 
YOUR 
CHOICE 
BUY ONE PACK 
GET ONE PA C K 

OF EQUAL VALUE 

 lr» 

 i i *'3 
FREE 

PRO/PROM 
IO-POUND BALL 
JUTE 

FOR 
MACRAME' 
Natural color. 
FREE 
$1.5o MACRAME 
BOOK 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF 
A 1o-LB. BALL OF JUTE. 

A 
BEADS 
AUTO 
TYMS 

PACKAGES 
FOR 

SIS! 

CORNING WARE 
SALE! 
1o% OFF 

OUR EVERYDAY 
LO W PRICES 
ENTIRE 
STOCK 

. 

22 o2. t 

 u m it i 

,C* 

G a lio n 

 square i a 

UMIT I 

PAG! 2-X 
Son Antonio IXPRKS NIWS— Sun., Feb. 27, 1977 

Supers Brand 
Products are 
Unconditionally 
Guaranteed or Your 
Money Back! 

DECON­ 
GESTANT 
TABLETS 
Box of 24 

O Q COUGH 
A T SYRUP 
4 oz. 

BARBASOL NEO-SYNEPHRINE 

 t 
O O su p e r. 
” FOR ADULTS 
I 
» » 
. . . n 
. 

SUPERx 
MULTIPLE 
VITAMINS 

Bottle of IOO tablets 

 rmcnrnon 

 omnYt 

SHAVE 
CREAM l l oz. 
FOR ADULTS 
% fl. oz. 
WITCH HAZEL 

SUPERx 
SKIN CARE 
BATH OIL 
16 fl. oz. 

TOOTHPASTE1 
6.4 oz. 

“ TEK" 

SUPERx 
B with C 
VITAMIN B 
COMPLEX 
WITH VITAMIN C 

Bottle of IOO capsules 

SUPERx 
SHAMPOO 
Emerald, Golden Deluxe or Egg 
16 fl. oz. 

INSOLES 
< 

DR. SCHOLL'S 
FOR MEN fir WOMEN 

PAIR 

SUPERx 
BALSAM 
HAIR 
CONDITIONER 
16 FL OZ. 

 t 

TOOTHBRUSH PREPARATION H 
+ 
SUPPOSE 
(I 
TORIES 
Box of 12 
SUPER X 
BABY 
POWDER c 

14 oz 

GERITOL 
IRON Cr VIT AMIN TONIC 
IRON Cr VITAMIN TONIC 
7 FREE 
A 
A A 
2-oz. FREE 
A 
A A 
- O 
Y w hhpurchw efl A Y purchase 
M of 12ft. oz. 
M ** * 
Vaseline 

9 
M 

WH UN HOK! 

Q-TIPS 

JOHNSON'S 
A 
. 
A A 
BABY OIL $ 1 29 
IO oz. 

ST. JOSEPH 
ASPIRIN 
FOR CHILDREN 
Bottle of 26 tablets 36 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sun., Feb. 27, 1977 
PAGE 3-X 

 m m c E 

L’OREAL 
EXCELLENCE 
HAIR COLOR 

ONE 
APPLICATION 
YOUR CHOICE 
OF SHADES. 

“Nobility” or AMERICAN 
PISTOL 
DRYER 
1ooo WATTS 

UNM**1 

•i tun* 

FLEX b a ls a m l f r o w n 
INSTANT HAW c o n d it io n ik 

REVLON 
FLEX 
BALSAM & 
PROTEIN 
HAIR CONDITIONER 
16 FL. OZ. 

Restores body, manageability and beauty to troubled hair. 

PRELL 
LIQUID 
SHAMPOO 
11 oz. 

NEUTRAGINA 

6 

8 8 
SOAP 
8-PAK 

OMS Nil* 

 b*** 

99 
SUPER-MAX2 

 s t y l e r ! Q88 

DRYER 

GILLETTE 
PROMAX 
COMPACT 
DRYER 

 r n 
' ' M a 
MISS BRECK GREAT LASH 
MAYBELLINE 
^ _ g M ASCARA m 
O J 
HAIR 
SPRAY 
11 oz. 

8 

PRODUCTS! 

PRO MAN'S 
STYLING BRUSH 

Reg. 994 

-car lr 

 is--'*!' 
V I — 

 lr 

I v 

V t- "4> 

PRO FLARE STYLE 
HAIRBRUSH 

Reg. 991 
MRK 

PRO BLOW WAVE 
STYLER BRUSH 
Full round, with straight trim. 
Reg. 881 

PRO BLOW WAVE 
STYLER BRUSH 
Natural bristles re- 
^ g p ( inforced with nylon. 
Reg. 994 

•OP*. \. 

PRO FULL ROUND 
HAIRBRUSH 

 i Straight trim is ideal for blow wave styling. 
Reg99< 

SOLO WET SET 
SUPER COMBS 

Reg. 644 ea. 

PRO PIXIE 
PURSE SIZE 
HAIRBRUSH! 

Reg. 994 

PRO LADY'S 
HAIR STYLER 

Reg.994 

PRO FOLDING 
COMB & 
BRUSH 
Reg. 994 

HEAD SCARVES 
28" square sheers or 14" x 26" solid color polyester 

 twi,te Reg. 994 ea. 

HARD AS NAILS 
CUTEX 

WITH 
NYLON 
BY SALLY 
HANSEN 
C 

POLISH 
REMOVER 
4 oz. 

 n o x z e m a 
, 
STON CP* 

ALPHA KERI 
NOXZEMA 
_ _ MEDICATED — 
# 
9 / SKIN f f l f f l l 
4# / 
CREAM 
1o oz. 

BATH OIL 
B oz. 

EACH 

_ 
SUPERX 
FIUS OVER 6o.ooo prescriptions 
PER DAVI 
, 
Shouldn't we be fdbng yours. 

COMPARE AND SAVE! 

 f AGE 4-X 
San Antonio fXPRiSS-NIWS— Sun., Fob. 27,1977 
KS 
IMI 

FUSTIC 
18-GALLON 
TRASH 
CAN 

I"; 

Avocado with black snap-on cover. 
TUCK 

* 

 l r . 

A 

 a MALIBU l f 
GAS GRILL 
SPECIAL! 

BY TURCO 

Heavy-duty cast alumi­ num with portable cart and 2o# L.P. gas tank. 
3o,ooo 
BTU stainless steel burner, large chrome-finish grid. 

21” SQUARE 
STEEL 
SMOKER 
36o sq. in. chrome - plated grid. 4-position fire-pan and ash catcher. 

«8os;Q8t 
M 

_ 
/ 
[*-■.-------- 
_ 
J 

99 

BARREL 
GRILL & 
SMOKER 

• Use open for grilling, close for smoking 
• Adjustable draft controls 
• Chrome plated cooking grids 
13'/." x 2o' 

MASKING * * 
TARI 
3 9 
( 

KEEP YOUR PETS HAPPY! 

 m aiu zJ HARUZ in 
Q m l i n flea STICX 

COLLAR FOR DOCS I 
COLLARS 

• k i l l s fle as • k i ll s ticks | 
For dogs and cats. a 

3/<i” x6 o yd. roll 
EACH 

K A W MTV 
WHEEL 
BARROW 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sun., Fob. 27,1977 
PAGE 5-X 

Sturdy steel construc­ tion. 3 cubic-foot capacity. Large 9-inch wheel. 

88 

17-FT. 
REWEB o o 4 
KIT 

8 6 qt. chest, 2 food trays, cutting board, I gal. water lug. Choice of colors 
86 QT. COOLER 
IGLOO 

MULTI-POSITION 
LOUNGER 

9 
” 

PVC tubing with PVC straps. Cushioned head­ rest. Steel frame with alumi num legs. 72 long, 22" wide in green /white or tangerine/white. 

“THI COMPANIONS’* 
FOLDING 
ALUMINUM 
CHAIR 

5 x 4 x 4 web count is w ide-puff g reen/w hite or m ulticolor tones. 
Square bend back and seat, w aterfall arms. 

DESERT-PAK 
6-PAK 
STYRO 
COOLER 

 mmwiaii 

K > lo o “PLAYMATE” 
COOLER/CARRIER 

99 

MATCHING CHAISE 
LOUNGE 
99 

Tough, high-impact plastic with stain and odor resistant white liner. 14 V i" x 13-7/8" x 11" in green, red, blue or yellow with white. 

^--- 

* 
ChM Ute 
* 
CHARCOAL 
STARTER 

CHARCOAL 
STARTER 

32 OUNCE 

IGLOO 

SIT-ON 
LER 

Two gallon Capac ity. Reinforced handle. Removable food tray. Re cessed spigot. 
Green, red, blue or yellow with white trim. 

IIH l i f t l l l f l l l l M l l l l 

FERRY-MORSE 
SOW 'n GRO 
^ £ -~;SEED STARTERS 

15 popular varieties of flowers & vegetables! all you need to start plants right.. .indoors! 

Beg. 984 each 

WORK SLOVES 
Natural color in 
1oo% cotton. 

PAIRS] 
F O R ! 

WHITE 
PLASTIC 
FENCE 

IHOSE 
HANGER 

SPRINKLER 
CAN 

29 

2 GALLON SIZE 

MISTER AND 
SPRAYER 

22 OZ. 
4 

BIRD 
BATH 

2 
4 ’ 

WONDER 
RAKE 

Polypropylene fan with 18" span. 19 tines. 

DIAMOND 
1oo% VINYL 
GARDEN HOSE ft" inside diameter, 
5o feet long. Flex­ ible, lightweight, easy to use. Full- kflow couplings. 

UTILITY 
CART 

88 
SUNBEAM 
CORDLESS 
GRASS 
SHEARS 
88 

SPECTRACIDE 

16 OUNCE 

> 
- J 

3o GALLON 
TRASH 
BAGS 
PAK OF 2o 

MMfewr J 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 
CHRONOTEL LIGHTED 
DIGITAL ALARM CLOCK 
Large digit readout. Lighted dial for easier night-time viewing. 
Snooz-Alarm that wakes you again...and again. 
Model #8142-412 
IO 99 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 
FM/AM TWO-WAY 
PORTABLE 
RADIO 
Plays on 9-volt battery 
(not included) or A C house current. 

SEN ERAL ELECTRIC 
GENERAL ELECTRIC 
STEAM & DRY 
DELUXE CAN 
IRON 
OPENER 
Heat-selector dial. 
"Hands Free" opera­ tion-stick coated tion: position can soleplate. Model IF-63 press lever, let gol 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 
Model'36o2 
PORTABLE MIXER 
3-speeds.Beater ejector. 
Balanced heel rest. 
Model #M24 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 
FM/AM CHRONOTEL 
DIGITAL CLOCK 
RADIO 
Large, lighted numerals, wake-to-music or wake-to- 
CSU. 
2499 

Model #7-2515 
GENERAL ELECTRIC 
FM/AM POCKET 
RADIO 

A great pocket-size miniature radio that gives you the double m 
_ pleasure of X i i 
St SI 
A M anH CM I 
M W V 

AFC. 

PAGE 6-X 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-Sun., Feb. 27,1977 

I 
J 

IH 

 m SPORTING 
SV. '» 
. . : V a 
MfriiTilipflMIL'lH 

FOLDING CAMP STOOL 

WILSON 
AMERICAN STAR 
TENNIS 
RACKETS 

6-pty European ash with fibre reinforcements, wood shoulder overlay. Individually strung holes. 
2" shaft. 2" leather grip. Blue & white Chris 
Evertor red & white 
Jimmy Connors models. 

Hardwood frame. 

16" high with 12" 

 x 12" canvas seat 

 in assorted colors. 
I49 

MINNOW BUCKET 

8-QUART 
• Heavy duty construction 
• Sturdy polypropylene rope handle 
• Unique hinged lid 
• Stores hot or cold iteim 

1*o 
EACH 

WILSON CHAMPIONSHIP 
EXTRA DUTT 
TENNIS BALLS 
Felt-covered for longer hard-court- surface play. 
Optic yellow.2 
19 
Cen of 3 

WILSON 
K-28+ GOLF BALLS 
Championship quality with cut-resistant 
Surlyn covers. 
3-peck 
99 

_ TINY mite nsT-azE ham m ock 
SSSrEfr to o * O u t e 1* 8o'- . 

4 
* » 

 nylon. 

W ILSO N BASEBALL 
M ENS O R BO YS 
TUBE SOCKS t 

T O W VIN Y__ 
PL/SPf BALL w 
T 

PENNZOIL 
MOTOR 
OIL 
. 
3oW. 
Mo t o r oh 49 

L IM IT 5 Q T S. 

Pre-softened paste wax with applicator. 

12 oz. 

STP GAS 
TREATMENT 

8 oz. 

 r n 
. 
1 
59 

 great so unds! 

RECORDS... U 
M 
*22*Lpi*< 
, o o h " 
. 
S 
-rrefttf" 
8-TRACK 
M 
A A 
TAPES... i i ™ 
<3 
A A ea i 

 t o p mis/ 
GREAT STARS! 

I Ut MO 

 e a g l e 
VELVETY 
RUBBER 
GLOVES 

CEDAR GRAIN 
STORAGE CHEST 
24" x 13 
* 11" in sturdy paper­ board. 

Son P e d ro A t B itte rs 
49 4-3548 

Recon V a lle y D r. a t D o lla rh id e 
3 3 7 - 6 7 3 5 

3 o 1 * W e st A v e . a t 
3 4 2 - 4 2 1 , 
* 
54o5 Walsent Rd, 
653-7311 

6 ' 2 Wol" ut' Mew Braunfels 
. 
625-7586 
1 2 3 3 o N acogdoches 
656-3o33 

 fjjjiL jy jy m m tss-Ntws-'.- hb. 2, 1977. 

FOAM CUPS 

*• • • • • • J Z iq 
F° r hot & co,d brinks! t r I y i ' I -£ ? 
Package of 51 y j v-T<S insulated 

 cups 

BRACH’S 
CANDIES 
A _____ _ 
Assorted sizes 
& varieties 

] 
VAPORETTE 9o-DAY 
FLEA 
COLLARS 
Vill-fi--- 
Kills fleas up to 3 months dogs a on cats. 

BABY 
'WASH CLOTH 

 d i a p e r e d 

DAYS 

BOLO 
Ir u gJ 

 c er jr o n 
CASSETTE 
“TRIPIEPLAYI 

Three 6o-minute blank cassettes. 

JMP DRY 
HANGERS 

Unbreakable vinyl- covered hangers in 
' yellow, avocado. 

Set of 8 

1 5 2 6 A ustin H ig h w ay 
8 2 8 -5 7 9 1 _______ 

5 3 5 1 G le n rid g e a t Evers 
6 8 4 -5 8 o 1 

PLACE MATS 
I 
Fashionable " H o u s e & Gar­ dens" colors of chocolate, gold, green b melon. Pretty 
& practical: washable, drip. dry. 

DAISY 
DISPOSABLE razors 
BY GILLETTE 
2 twin- bladed disposable shavers. 
Pick a new 
Daisy today. 

Save15o on 
LYSOL Toilet Bowl Cleaner 
I fs the Itauict that d 
Ie Job. 

 i a 

Cleans the hardest stains: 
Just squeeze and brush away rust, mineral build-up, dirt, soil, nard 

Exclusive directional spout: 
Sends disinfectant cleaning power everywhere — down sides, above and below water line, even under the rim. 

 water ring. 
It’s a LYSOL Product: 
So you know it kills germs including germs that cause odors, as it cleans. 
Leaves the whole bowl clean and odor-free. 

STORE COUPON 
15o off 

Liquid Disinfectant 
BOWL CLEANER 

Otter ex terre Airgun 31,1977 winnm 

Save 2oo switch to 
Lysol 
BASIN/TUB/TILE 
CLEANER 
Clean and disinfect your bathroom the easy way. 

* non-abrasive 
• no rinsing 
• no scrubbing 

Save 2oo on Lysol® Basin/Tub/Tile 
Cleaner 

(Good for Lysol Pump Spray, too.) 

V U M U W A A A IT 
AAAAAA I U A A (A AA 

It controls mold mildew and their odors 

Shines without scratching Leaves basins sparkling 

No grit or film on the tub No sandy bottom 

It kills household germs including germs that cause odors 

STORE COUPON 

To the dealer We Mill pay you 2oC plus 5* handling charge for each of these coupons redeemed in accor­ dance with the terms ot this ofter 
To obtain payment send to LFHN H, 
FINK Products Co P o Bon I TSS 
Clinton Iowa 52734 This coupon is good only when redeemed by you 
(rom a consumer at time ot our chasing LYSOL BASIN TUB TILE 
CU ANTR or PUMP SPRAY 
Any other use constitutes fraud 
In voices shoaling purchase ut stock to cover coupons must be shown upon request Consumer must pay any sales ta»es 
Coupon void it tarted restricted or prohibited by law Cash value I 2o ot one cent 
Good only in U S A 

 on 
Lysol® 
Basin/Tub/Tile 
Cleaner 

LIMIT ONE COUPON PER PACKAGE, 

Otter expires A u g u st 3T, 1977. 

Get Lysol Basin/Tub/Tile Cleaner your bathroom needs the strength of Lysol. 
When you use 
IYSOL Toilet Bowl Cleaner you do the total job. 

TOILET BOWL 
CLEANER 

1. You kill germ s including germ s that cause odors as you clean. 
Leaves the whole bowl clean and odor free. 

2. You send disinfectant cleaning power everywhere — down sides, above and below water line, even under the rim. It s the only bowl cleaner with the directional spout. 

3. You clean the hardest stains by just squeezing and brushing away rust, mineral build-up, dirt, soil, hard water ring. 

R 
Z 
I 
" S r r > m r- < 2 

SSS 
S 3 5 
;E o 

5 rn m th 
T W C rn > ut 

2 Z 2 
P l2 

o ° id 

Reaches top to bottom ... doesn’t miss a thing. 

 wa. iv. va its. I 
STORE COUPON 
ISO off on any size 

Liquid Disinfectant 
TOILET BOWL 
CLEANER 

P / I'1 

'Dim tow ck Aim 

 o t t o expires A u gu st 31, 1977 
Tsrrrm 

Ta the dealer We will pay you l ie plus 5C handling charge for each of these coupons redeemed in accordance with the terms of this offer To obtain payment send to LEHN & FINK Prod­ ucts Co., P O Bos 1758, Clinton, Iowa 
52734 This coupon it good only when redeemed by you from a consumer at time of purchasing 
LYSOL 
TOILET 
BOWL CLEANER 
Any other use con­ stitutes fraud 
Invoices showing pur chase of stock to cover coupons mutt be shown upon request 
Consumer must pay any sales lases Coupon void it lased restricted, or prohibited by law. Cash value 1/2o ot one cent. 
Good only in U S A 

Back stage at a concert 
Ben King Jr. ta k e s you back sta g e a t a rock concert fo r a look a t th e g ro u p ies, th e sta g e h an d s an d th e clock w o rk p re - cision you n e v er se e . See P ag e 
2. 

■ 
EXPRESS NEWS 
SUNDAY 

PAGf I 
-k 
27 , 1977 i i i a g 2 i x i i m * 
Cross-country skiing 

People who love m ountains usually also love snowy winters. 
People who love both usually also love cross-country skiing. 
And people who love all three love 
Montana. It’s a natural love affair. 
The Bi}? Sky State has mountains a- plenty — the whole, heady, vast stretch of the northern Rocky Mountains, as a mat­ ter ol fact. ranging from south to north across the western side of the state. 
And winters drop enough splendid snow to satisfy the most hopeless cross-country addict. The result is more superb cross­ country than you can shake a ski pole at. 
All of Montana’s line downhill resorts also offer fine cross-country. Headliner 
Biti Sky of Montana, near Bozeman in southwestern Montana, has some 35 miles of groomed cross-country trails — good enough to have made Big Sky the choice for North American cross-country cham­ pionship skiing 
And just a little further south at the 
Montana larder town (*f West Yellowstone an operation called Yellowstone Nordic 

Downhill run 

 p e o p l e ii h o e i r e »«>,i a m i m o u n t a i n s a l s a l i k e c r o s s - 
It t a a t r y s k i i n g 
— a n t i / n 'o p l c a i n t lik e a l l th re e seem to ( in t l 
M tn ilttn ti lilt• hast o f till / lossilile 
H in t e r n o rlils . 

 has created an assortment of choices that include package tours, back country trips, lessons and wavand-ski clinics — all reasonably priced in varying combin­ ations of attractions. 
People who like to pile superlatives on top of superlatives also ski into Yellow­ stone National Park — or ride a snow- coach in heated comfort —■ to ski-tour the famed geyser basin of Old Faithful, where sights of wintering w ildlife compete for attention with the magic of ice and steam and the genial com fort of accommoda­ tions in Yellowstone's Snow Lodge. 
Montana’s fine B ridger Bowl, which some people feel has skiing among the world’s best, also has fine cross-country 
— as does small but growing Discovery 
Basin, inst out of Anaconda, which is just out of Butte. 
In Helena. Montana’s irrepressible ca­ pital city, a young entrepreneur named 
Danny W illiam s at Nordic Experience offers rustic tours in the Elkhorn moun­ tains that end with a sauna and a plunge into an icy stream — and overnight ac­ commodations i i i a log cabin. 
Prices are so reasonable they’re stag­ gering, and he rents equipm ent and teaches cross-country as well. 
One of M ontana’s cross-country de­ lights is the Izaak Walton Inn at Essex, some 3o miles from West Glacier on the southern border of Glacier National Park 
If the views and the delightful atmos­ phere are not enough, the quality of the skiing experience w ill be — and the low prices are the frosting on the cake. The lodge is a converted railroad hotel with more charm per square inch than it has 

 any right to and with ski trails that start at the front door. 
There are also guided tours into Gla­ cier National Park, which have to be among lite s more m em orable exper­ iences, 
On G la c ie r’s west side is The B ig 
Mountain, one of Montana's oldest and most popular ski areas. There, downhill is superb and cross country means fine tra ils through forests of snow-ghosted trees with sudden views of the m agnifi­ cence of the Rocky Mountains i i i winter. 
There are a number of cross-country specialty operations em erging on 
Montana’s w inter scene — all of them worthy of attentions as well as a winter vacation 

Disco dancing for you? 

T h ere's a p lace in to w n th a t will teach you th e la te st disco dances. It's a m ove th a t m ay g e t you off th e w all an d on th e floor. See Try It! P ag e 3. 

Ski-touring with High Country Adven­ tures in Helena, including winter camp­ ing complete with snow caves, has been popular for a num ber of years w hile program s w ith A lpine E xperience in 
Missoula and Savage O utfitters i i i West 
Yellowstone are brand new aud lu ll ol verve and enthusiasm. 
The mountains are reads and waiting and >ou can depend on the snow The only thing that’s missing is you Put yourself 

 i i i the Montana cross-country scene, and go (iud lur! 
* 
I or further vacation inform ation con­ tact The Montana Travel Piomotion I nit, 
Montana Department al Highways. He­ lena. Alemana i%l»l. 

Aldo Ciccolini 

Aldo Ciccolini may look like G ene 
Wilder, but the resemblance stops there. 
David Antohony Richelieu looks at Cie* colini’s new album in Classical Record 

‘Here today. . .gone to Maui’ 
Stan Delaplane has returned from the biggest and brightest new 

Canada’s CB craze 
Canadians are beginning to discover the wonderful world of 

Sunday CB column. 
‘Nashville 99’ coming 
Claude Akins and Jerry Reed are going to have their own 

Watercolors 

W hat direction is the art medium of watercolor taking in the 1 9 7 o ’s? S U N ­ 
DAY Magazine guest columnist Bill Bris­ tow examines the future of the art on 
 department of arts at Trinity University. 

Neil Diamond: 
Marco Polo Chicken? 
Back stage view 

Television used to be the hist refuge for people who were under the im­ pression that Torn Or­ lando was w hat’s liap- 
,petting, baby, in ntusie today. 
Then Bob Dylan a s­ tounded television viewers by going on tin* air and presenting an en tire hour of m usic without a special guest appearance by ('ham. 
Now Neil Diamond has brought what he does in concert to television. The next thing you know. The 
Tubes will go on “ Hol­ lywood Squares’’ and get 
Suzanne Pleshette cor­ nered in the secret square. 
The two m edia con­ tinue to feed on one another with the release of Diamond’s “ Love at the dreck’’ (Columbia), a live album drawn from the sam e concert e n ­ gagem ent as the tele­ vision show. 

THE PROBLEM with concerts on television is that the sound system of the average television set is more suited to merry little jingles than rock music. 
Live albums sound a lot better but the picture is really lousy. 
This particular concert was a retu rn to the dreck Theatre, the out­ door theatre in b is 
Angeles which was the scene of Diamond's "Hot 
August Night.” 
That earlier live a l­ burn was classic Neil 
Diamond as much for its cover as its contents. It featured Neil proposing to his microphone. 
Sensuality has always been part of Diamond's act. Ile was still into black leat lier and Bryl- crcem all through the 
WK when those British bands were modeling the cutest little m atching outfits. 

I NI.IKE many other live albums, the new one 
Is at least som ething other than a collection of so-called greatest hits. 
There are times, though, when you still may wish for something other than what you get. 
Out of four sides, two are sort of Header's Di­ gest condensations of prev ious albums. One of those ts the highlights of his most recent album. 
"Beautiful Noise." lf you liked the album, you’ll love the commercial. 
The other is "Jonathan 
Livingston Seagull” re­ visited. Now that makes more sense. Most people 
Who saw the mov ie dozed fit hallway through the credits and didn t realize there were songs in it, too. i 
I ^fortunately, I did it 

THE OTI! EK two sides are really more interesting. Even if they are, well, greatest hits kind of. 
But "B rother Love’s 
T raveling 
S alvation 
Show” is a genuine show stopper. Its gospel fervor hits a crescendo at about the sam e tim e 
D ia­ m ond’s gravelly voice reaches train crash in­ tensity. 
And "Glory Road," the only new song on the album, is a good low-key ballad. 
Then there is "Song 
Sung Blue," which fea­ tures m ercifully brief guest shots by Helen 
Reddy and Henry (Arth­ ur Fonzarclli) Winkler. 
('ham must have had a chest cold. 
Arid what the heck, there is always "K en­ tucky 
W om an” and 
"Holly Holy.” Diamond has gone on to reach the heights of television, the greatest honor his coun-’ try men can bestow upon him Gene Pitney should have been so lucky. 

SPEAKING of throw­ backs naturally brings us to John T ravolta, famed punk sex symbol 
V mine 
Varbarino of 
‘ Welcome Back Hotter.” 
Or. as he is sometimes known, Ba-ba-ba Bu-ha- 

 barino. 
Through some wicked twist of fate. I missed his recording debut and I started cold with his se­ cond album, "( an't Let 
You Go" (M idland). I almost said cold turkey. 
Actually, the surpris­ ing thing is that the al­ bum is not totally offen­ sive. How is that for a nice positive review for a change? 
The music is in the genre known as easy lis­ tening. which somehow is riot what you expect from a sw aggering 
Sweating. It is the kind of soft pop m usical wallpaper that is consi­ dered good mood music 
Especially if you are gi­ ven to ra th e r bland moods. 
Some of the songs that are not the worst that have ever been done in­ clude "Slow Dancing,” 
"S e ttle 
Down” and 
"W hat 
Would 
They 
Say?” The latter was the them e from the te le ­ vision show "The Boy in the Plastic Bubble.” 

HEARTSFIELD is a high energy Southern rock baud from the hills of Chicago. They are an opening act that fre ­ quently deserves to Im1 the closing act. 
T heir new album , 
"Collectors’ Item ” (Co­ lum bia), dem onstrates that they are not stuck in som e holding p attern over Macon. 
It includes a great go spcl rock song, "W ith 
'ni»‘se Tools," a touch of 
Western swing, "All for 
Nothing." and a quieter ballad, "Southern Girl 
And a lot of good time music like "I Like It A lad’’ and "Let the Music 
Play.” 
An early Heartsfield album, "The Wonder of 
It All,” is on** of those obscure album s worth having 
So is this one though it would he nice if it weren’t so obscure. 

.I cann ie dabs on some more perfume and checks her prominent cleavage before tfoing in the concert. She knows there’s no way she can miss meeting a rock star tonight. 
After determ ining everything is in place, ap­ pearance wise, she slips into the backstage area at 
M unicipal A uditorium with three long-haired workers carrying musical equipment. 

Once back stage, the 
19-year-old blonde joins seven other women. They are standing a few feet away from the area illu­ minated by the spot lights which bathe the warm-up group iii a rainbow of lights. 
To everyone else back­ stage at the recent co n­ ce rt, Je an n ie and her friends are known as groupies. 
But refer to the women by that term and they’ll give you a defiant stare, suggest y ou do an anato­ m ically im possible act and stalk away to another part of the backstage ar­ ea to resum e their con­ versation. 
R egardless of what they’re called, rock pro­ m oter 
Joe 
Anthony agrees the young women arc an important part of the backstage color at a rock concert. 
“ You can’t write alinit what goes on back here without m entioning all tho beautiful la d ie s ." says Anthony. 
He then glances at the women who have quit talk in g and arc now focusing their attention on the musicians. 
P atro lm an 
Jim iny 
Johnson, who’s become a concert expert during his years as a back stag e gu ard , says every groupie seem s to have lier own method for get­ ting into a concert. 
Some of the women that walk by the patrol­ m an sport b ack stag e passes on their blouses, but most just wear very large smiles. 
One girl who doesn't look m ore than 
16-years-old sm iles at 
Johnson and introduces her friend Rose. 
The officer la te r ex ­ plains the girl is a regu- 

N ill DIAMOND: Live love 
On the Records_____ 

Top 1o Singles 

S*u> 
I. Nm (x l tx Tm * — tag**# 
I l.«#g#**n lox* Th*#** horn 
Sh m o *d 
J thiHfed lr *h* l.gM—MonT#*d Mao* , to.** 
I Ny (I * An (a g t* - SN.* AUS# lan d 
S I I A* D#*amtn — M nny N o w 
A (Ney Taw #** — Th* A d i o n 
I lam I****** Tao t p a i —Mar »*u»y#»g«* 
• N#aA> momi n sm*» 
9 Di m Mi O we * — AAA* to. Braata** ta Nm tngwno - I * " , « « * . 

Top IO Albums 

I I##*to o SN *,M ad A * '4 i h i K N w * 
A Sn## n la # * 
J Tag- 1 
M«t«* C anto.*•« 
) S '* .* Wa*da#— Song# In Th* a * , a* Id* 
A 
— \M<ngt O w * Am*#** 
S Al S t.-ar* — V*a> al th* Cat 
A Stew Mat*# lan d — Ny ta * An tug** 

I t . « Floyd— Anana#* 
9 f e d b y * A Th* S N * A w S a n d - N-gM M g,#* 
1o >!»«♦»cod Nat—A**##*w* 

U I T M U C O M M A S B f a tt LAO A a # M A S A ZINA 

 lur at all tin* concerts he works during his off-duty hours 
From his back stag e vantage point. Johnson explains, he’s seen some of the biggest rock groups iii the business and learned that while things may look wild and disorderly on stage if s lust the opposite behind it. 
Just as he m akes the observanon, an all-girl rock group known as the 
R unaw ays and th e ir m anager com e in through the stage din ti*. 
The m an ag er, who looks like he’s iii his late 
JtK. start* giving orders like a general mounting ail assault. lit* fans the band members out to various d ressin g room s and sta rts going over their u|K'oming set in detail. 
Aud while Patrolm an 
Johnson finds his moon­ 

 lighting job a generally interesting way to pick up some extra cash, he adm its the distorted g u itars atjd crashing drums aren’t his bag. 
" J u st give me Dolly 
Parton and 
ITI be happy," he says. 
Anthony says, "The in­ teresting thing about all this is the way everybody works together reg ard ­ less of their age or back­ ground. There are a lot of 
‘odd couples’ but every­ one gets along well." 
Pointing to a long­ haired m an working a sound board with a man who looks to Im* in his BIK. 
Anthony says, "There s a lot of difference Int ween them, but they still do a professional job." 
M eanwhile, the first rock group has ended its act. 
After they go to their dressing rooms to wipe 
Tiff the p ersp iratio n 

 they're back out talking with the women vvho’ve been watching from the wings. 
One of the girls starts by telling one of the m u­ sicians she s with a local newspaper and inquires 
"could I ask a few ques­ tio n s." How ever, once th** conversation sta rts sh** doesn’t tak e any notes. 
And Jeannie’s appear­ ance is having the d e­ sired effect on a group member as lie carries on 
.i conversation with his eyes riveted to her blouse. 
S tanding a few feet away, a I roe-lance pho­ tographer explains, 
"They're really nice girls, in fact they’re a lot nicer than most because 
I hey’n* discriminating — you have to be a rock star." 
There’s a hint of envy in Ins voice. 

PAU t 
UWiWilWS SUNDAY MAGANN!—f«K 27, 1977 » 

H M N ST-IG E at the Kanawa* concert, lichi recently al UuoM qsd W l* t" 'l'» '*« filings run 
Tike chick w ork. But it*- aho a world «4 nu > I to # 

— nill am i young, m ania am i stric t o rd e r, 
■how inaii*lti|i ami p ro le—iou.ii precision. 

Classical record review 

Stunning abilities of Aldo Ciccolini 

By DAVID ANTHONY RICHELIEU 

Aldo Ciccolini smiles impishly us a Gene Wilder look-alike on the cover of his latest record album — but there the similarity ends. 
Ciccolini is a perfectly serious virtuoso, as evi­ denced In his dazzling performances of D 'Indy’s 
Symphony on a French Mountain Air and Franck’s 
Symphonic Variations and Les Djinns. 
Ciccolini is almost unknown to American concert artists because of a personal dislike for airplanes, hotels and other facilities related to travel. 
But he has a wide library of records which are on the American market and the latest (Angel S-37247) aptly displays his stunning abilities and artistry. 
There is at least one other recording which fea­ tures the same pieces on opposite sides. It features 
Casadesus and Ormandy — a formidable team for comparison. 
But Ciccolini more than holds his own. as do the 
Orchestra of Paris and Serge Bando on the D im ly and the Orchestra de Liege and Paul Strauss on the 
Franck. 

But the sound of this new Angel is better than the old Columbia/Odyssey and there is ample engineer­ ing to handle all the moments of solitude and the spectacular fortes dished up in this melodic feast. 
This is one of Angel s Stereo/Quad recordings and it is balanced, warm and brilliant. 
The performance is top-notch, with both orches­ tras and Ciccolini giving these showpieces the flair they need to send listeners soaring to the musical heights doubtless envisioned by the composers. 
Ciccolini is best known for his recordings of Erie 
Satie which have caught on with the “ pop” music crowd. 
This latest release, however, makes is abundantly clear that Ciccolini is no Salle cultist. Ile is a concert 
(icrformer of first rank — Gene Wilder look and all. 

ALDO CICCOLINI: No W ilder 

The Best of San Antonio 
SUNw a y i n a ^ i / J i i o 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BOX 2171, SAN ANTONIO, 78297 
225-741 I EXT. 322 
■ION THE C O V E R S 

Montana's superb cross-country skiing is the feature on this week's SUNDAY 
Magazine cover. Ifs a sport for only the strongest, a challenge to all who try it. Inside features are also spot­ lighted today. Read and compare. This 
IS River City’s best Sunday Magazine. 

UNUSUAL THINGS TOTRY ITI 
ODO * BUY 
IN SAN ANTON 
ANTONIO AND OUR ARCA. 
Wall-eyed 

Posters are a good compromise between expensive art and cheap prints. But original posters are hard to find in San Antonio. 
NoWyou can get original posters without leaving your house with a catalog of antique American and European posters from 
189o to 193o. 
The catalog, ‘‘Off the W a ll," is pub­ lished by The Exhu­ mation, a Princetonn, 
N. J., art gallery. It includes a range of posters from an I 897 theater poster by Al- 
$«f| phonse Mucha that retails for $23oo to a 
4§j 
> 
Maxfield Parrish ma- gazine cover for a 
19o5 issue of Col- liers selling for $15. 
Each item in the 
^ f s* 
I catalog is illustrated 
* v* and many are availa- j* ble in only one exam- llP T flM pie. A highlight oHhe 
^^ 
^ 

 ed during the political upheaval of post- 
World W ar I. 
Even if you don't order anything from the catalog, it makes an interesting addition to an art libarary in itself. 

Off The W all, poster catalog/The Exhumation / Dept 
Q/P. O. Box 2 o 5 7 /Princeton, N. J. o 8 5 4 o / $ 2 (cost of catalog may be deducted from purchases). 
Try Try It! 

Doubtless if you are looking at this item, you are aware of 
SUNDAY Magazine s Try It! page. Ifs a place where the unusual is the ordinary and the off-the-wall is standard fare. 
And what if you know of something unusual and off-the-wall? 
W e can spread the word, or whatever, for you, maybe. lf its of local interest, highly intellectual, amazingly important and/or written in English, it probably qualifies. 
Just send it along to the following address: 
RON WHITE’S Try It! Page, Box 2 171, San An­ tonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 . 

Soup’s On 

 lf you want to turn that hamburger helper into a gourmet’s delight, Craig 
Claiborne will tell you how. 
Claiborne is the food editor of the 
New York Times and author of the 
' New York Times Cook Book.” 
H e ll be here 
Tuesday and 
W ednesday with 
Pierre 
Franey, former chef at the White House and at New York’s Le Pavilion restaurant. 
Both chefs will be conducting a cook­ ing school for the Junior Women's 
Committee of the San Antonio Sym­ phony. 
They will both demonstrate gour­ met cooking recipes and techniques and show you how to spice up your own cooking. Day and night sessions are available for persons working during the day. 

C raig 
C la ib o rn e 
C o o k in g 
S chool/U T 
H ealth 
Science 
Center A u d / 7 7 o 3 Floyd Curl 
Dr/Tues at 7 p .m .. W ed at 
9 :3 o a .m ./ $ 1 o for a single session, $15 for both sessions. 

Shake Your Bootie 

Feel like a wall flower at your local discoteque? Do you sit on the sidelines while all the chicks and studs are out doing the boogie, the hustle, the bangle? 
Well, you don’t have to, you know. 
You can learn all you need to know to disco with the best of them at a disco dance course beginning Tuesday at the 
San Antonio Fine Arts Center. 
The six-week course is taught by 
Kathy Martin, an experienced dancer in classical, modern, jazz and disco. 
Class members don't even have to know how to do the fox-trot to join up. 
And for graduation, students will visit a disco to try out their new found skill. 

Disco 
Danes 
C o u rs e /San 
A n to n io 
Finn 
Arts 
Conter/3 1 4 5 Nacogdoches/6 5 3 -7 2 4 1 / Six weeks beginning Tuesday, March 1/8-9 p .m ./Call for price. 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE-—fob. 27, 1977 
PAGE 3 

V | 

C O Q R D S O C O Q R D 

DANA D. LUTZ 
14o2 Viewridge 
LEE HIGH SCHOOL 
Dana Lutz, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Carlyle Lutz, is an outstanding member of the Robert E. Lee High School Class of 1977. Versatile and gifted, Dana ranked third in her junior class of r>6c> students. 
One of the leaders in her class, Dana has varied interests and en­ thusiasms. She is an accomplished musician, active for 3Vfc years in the 
Volunteer Band. She plays oboe in the San Antonio Youth Symphony, 
San Antonio Community Orchestra, the San Antonio Choral Society 
Orchestra, the Bicentennial Band and the newly formed Civic Chamber 
Orchestra at Incarnate Word College. 
She actively participates in the National Honor Society, Mu Alpha 
Theta, the National Spanish Honor Society, Opti-Misses and the Science 
Club. She is a member of Who’s Who Among American High School Stu­ dents and the Society of Distinguished American High School Students and was named a National Merit Scholarship semifinalist. 
Dana is one of those rare individuals who is equally as comfortable in the arts as she is in the sciences. Her fine analytical mind and her in- tellectural curiosity make her a delight to her teachers and win respect from her (leers. 
Dana plans to attend Northwestern University and major in music. 
Somewhere down the line she feels she might want to earn a degree in biology, pursuing an interest she found in a summer ecology course at 
Lee. 
Her friendly, cheerful manner has brought Dana many friends. Always loyal, appreciative and cooperative, Dana is a personality at Lee High 
School worthy of commendation. She will soon lie honored by the Optimist Club of 
San Antonio for her accomplishments. 

CO N G RATU LATIO N S.. 
M T H * ! 

Saving the whale m arks new topic 
Stamps 

 fACi 4 fxnrtss laws s u n d a y m a g a i i m - m 
. 27,197? 

It is incredible to learn that the mighty whale is becoming systematically destroyed by man All of this has i*onie about in less than 5o years. 
As conservation groups and governments all over the world fight to save the whale, the British 
Antarctic Territory has issued a new set of four stamps dedicated to the 
“ C o n serv atio n of 
Whales.” 
Each new stam p fea­ tures an illustration of a different type of whale which has been on the official U.S. endangered species list since 1971. 
A number of nations, including the U.S., Can­ ada and (Ileat Britain, h ave b a n n e d w h alin g from th e ir p o rts and have forbidden the im ­ portation of whale pro­ ducts. 
Yet many nations still hunt these highly intelli­ gent creatures for their oil. m eat and b y -p ro ­ ducts. 
The 2-pence depicts the 
Sperm Whale, one of the largest of the toothed variety 
Their large foreheads are storage tanks for the colorless oil. 
The intestines contain am bergris which is an expensive ingredient of fine perfume. 
The H-lienee shows the 
Kin Whale, recognized by the large dorsal fin on its back 
The 11-pence pictures the H um pback Whale, named for its habit of bending its back as it dives, 
T he 
H u m p b ac k is known to leap completely out of the water at times. 
Th*' 25-pence has the 
Blue Whale, largest of all the whale family, and considered by some ex­ torts to Im* the largest creature ever to live on earth. 
Unfortunately, this is the most endangered of the species and could become extinct in a few years 
The Republic of China 
(Taiwan) has issued a trio of stamps featuring ancie nt C hinese p a in t­ ings — pine, bamboo, plum, the three friends of winter. 
According to the World 
Wide Philatelic Agency, the three paintings were bv artists of the Yuan 
< 1277-13ttH) and Ming 
(I.IHM -1H44) d y n a s tie s , and were selected from the National Palace Mu­ seum 
The pine, bamboo and the plum are considered bv the Chinese people to be the “ three friends of w in te r” because they survive severe cold yet are lofty and noble. 
Th** pine, bamboo and the plum are considered by the Chinese people to tx- the “ three friends of w in te r” becau se they survive severe cold yet are lofty and noble. 
The subjects of the new stam ps are also symbols of traditional Chinese art and culture 
The stam ps are avai­ lable at your local stamp dealer or store. 
Howard Hughes was a controversial mail dur- 
I lug Ins life!m u1 and even 

From A sso cia te d Press 

 after death. 
But his a c c o m p lis h ­ ments in the field ol aviation are well estab­ lished. 
One particular record by 
H ughes is being com m em o rated in the newest “ M ilestone of 
Flight” cover sponsored the N ational Air and 
Space M useum of the 
Smithsonian Institution 
It was the record-setting 
1937 trans-continental flight in the Hughes 11 1 racer. 
H ughes left 
Los 
Angeles before dawn on 
Jan. 19. 1937. and arrived at Newark. N J , Airport 
7 hours. 28 minutes and 
25 seconds later. 
He averaged 332 m iles per hour over the 
2,49o-mile route. 
The price of the c a ­ cheted cover is $ I 25 and it can be ordered from 
Milestones of Flight. Na­ tional Air and Space 
M useum , Sm ithsonian 
Institution, Washington, 
I) C. 2o56o. 
Making an early bid for a new stamp is the 
Aerospace Medical Asso­ ciation which has sub­ mitted its request to the 
U.S. Postal Service for a 

BRITISH 
ANTARCTIC 
TERRITORY 

C O c 

 stamp lo com m em orate the 5oth anniversary of the Association in 1979. 

The proposal suggests issuance of the stam p at the annual scientific and educational m eeting of the ASMA in Washington during May of that year. 

GUESS WHAT? 
A FREE GIFT 
NO OBLIGATION NECESSARY 
- - - - - C O U P O N - - - - * 
FREE POUCH OF 
CUSTOM BLENDED 
TOBACCO 
OMN 

. E V E N I N G S - 

? ! CENTRAL 
Id ! PARK 
MALL 
■I 349 77o8 
E T I * 

U M I O M COUPON PH FAMILY PLEAU 
I 

SPI CIA! SUNDAY FEATURE 

 includes our 
Soup & Salad 
Bar and 
Baked Potato r n 

(special price 
Sunday only — tegular m enu price - 
$7 95) 

OWN PROM 5PM v/r i ^ i n v w J r on 
Smwomr’s 

111 N W Loop • San Antonio 
Phone 34974o7 

 for Migar, for example.) 
For the first tim e. 
Maut cracked the million tourists mark. 
The State has grown double the national aver­ age — now HHT OOO peo­ ple. Four of five live in 
Honolulu. 
Governor Ariyoshi has asked the 
F e d e ra l government to stop im­ m igration from the mainland. The Supreme 
Court ruled that you can live anywhere you tike. 
And 
H aw aiian s say mainlanders come here to live on Hawaiian wel­ fare and the easy life on golden beaches. 
Wailea will certainly not bring welfare people. 
But Ariyoshi thinks ANY more people threatens the fragile state of the limited land. 
How do you go about getting your share of this 
Paradise of the Pacific? 
A W ailea sa le s girl worked it out for me: For a $94,ooo condo with a couple of b ed roo m s, baths and outdoor lanai, you m ust put down 
$18,8oo. Take a loan at 
9*2 per cent and you’ll pay $84o a month for the next SO years. Auwe! lf you've got $o4.(KIO in your pocket, you pay $2o7 a month for m ain ten ­ ance. e le ctricity and taxes. 
“ It s not low cost housing.” a Wailea man adm its. “ But your in­ vestm ent is a ssu re d . 
You’re not going to have a McDonald's going up alongside you.” by air from Honolulu. (Some people co m m u te to work.) 
T h e r e ’ s sh ady old 
L ah ain a town where whalers wintered with dusky wahines' — and 
New E n gland m issio n ­ aries prayed for their souls. 
You must hang your con scien ce on 
Cape 
Horn," said the whalers. 
"and pick it up on your way back lo Nantucket.” lf you don't have 
$94,ooo in your foxy pocket, you can fly here in six hours (From the 
West Coast round-trip. 
$31)o.) A sea view double room at the Inter-Con- t merit al Maul (four res­ taurants) goes for $45 
Or you can rent a con­ dominium for $4o Maid service goes with it. 
You can phone free for a brochure: 
(8oo)525-42oo 
What’s wrong with it? 
All I could find was the lanais in the hotel rooms 
They put a foot wide rail that's right at eye level when you ’ re sittin g down You have to sit up straight to see the sun­ set. 
(So sit up. brudda You alia time lying down? 
Wasetime.) 

BEACHFRONT APA RTM EN TS at W allea-Elcahi village, Maui, Haw aii. 

For the Third Straigh t Year... 
The Express-News and 
San 
Antonio 
Texas 
Exes Club 
Welcome i ne 
U niversity o f Texas 
Sym phonic Band & Jazz 
Ensem ble in Concert Wed., 

March 2nd at the Theater 

 for the Performing Arts 

The Express-News and San Antonio Texas Exes 

 take pride in announcing that the fantastic UT 

Symphonic Band and Jazz Ensemble will once again 
ADMISSION be performing in San Antonio 
ONLY *1 f°r the benefit of deserving youngsters. Just one dollar will 

 admit you to this tremendous concert with all 

 proceeds from the show 

 going toward scholarships. 

ORDER YOUR 
TICKETS N O W . 

WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 2nd 
7:3o p.m. 

Theater for the 

Performing Arts 

IT S GOING TO BE A SELL OUT 
SELL 
OY 

For M ira cafh, jell that outdoor furniture . now) 
Call 22S-1666 

• 
O f 
‘Here today gone to M au i’ 

Wailea, Hawaii 

We’re picking up a lit­ tle sun and surf on the island of Maili. ("Here today, gone to Maili.” is printed on the T-shirt of the little brown girl.) 
We drink rummy mai- tais. Learn some island pidgin: 
“ Hod 
Riding 
Hood hob) bolo to gran ­ ola bouse. 
Whassamatta? (Iran ma no stop. Wolf fix kail kau gran'ma. Put on grand­ ma muumuu. Red Rid­ ing 
Hood sp ik him: 
‘Gran’ma too much big tee!’ you got.' Wolf spik: 
‘Mo’ bcttah fo’ fix you kau kau. keed." 
In the evening we watch the sun plunge in­ to the sea between here and Lanai And the gui­ tars sing. "Maili no ka oi. Maui is the l>est “ 
Wailea is the biggest — 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

 and most talked alnrnt — resort project in Hawaii. 
Three times the size of 
Waikiki. Five white sand beaches. A million dol­ lars worth of tennis courts. Three million of golf course. 
There’s an Inter-Con- tinental Maili hotel of 6oo rooms that cost $27 mil­ lion. And so far, 35o condom iniu m s — the medium priced ones go for $94,(HIO. 
When it ’s finished there's to be three hotels. 
A 
.shopping center planned around a village green. And 36oo living units: Condom inium s. 
Duplexes. Cottages. 
It's built on marginal 

 farm in g land — (but ideal resort living) — owned by Alexander & 
Baldwin, sugar growers of Hawaii’s Big Five. 
The final cost will be 
$1oo million. You can bet i f s being planned so every dollar buys a dol­ lar’s worth. 
“ No high rise . 
No house closer than a long sto n e ’s throw lo the beach. All building to be screened by our own En­ v iron m ental 
C om ­ mittee.” 
Last year Hawaii drew 
3.2 m illion to u rists. 
(T o u rists now bring more outside money than any other product. Seven times what Hawaii gets 

AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

Presenting the opera that just might change your mind about opera 

I jve! < Hi Stage? The Marriage of Figaro 
Com e try lo figure oui w lins chasing by Mo/art. A los e-c razed conin <»|>rra who amidst die pinning and wooing of 
|K‘rionoed h i E n g l i s h b y (I m - o t o s i e x t i i - 
Count Alma viva's (oui I Loin amorous mg soling singers in Amenia A complete iou (lies in dizzy putsuit, each pressing his al lei lions on die oilier Lath lovei wildly jealous of tiis rival. 
The Marriage of Figaro bs Mo/.ut presented by Texas ( )|ieia 11 leat el. 

LAURIE AUDITORIUM - 

TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1977 - 8:oo P.M. 

TICKETS! $ 5 .o o , $ 4 .o o , $ 3 .o o 

$ 1 .o o discount for students 

Tickets available at iOSKE’S stores and Laurie Auditorium (Tel. 736-8117) 

 show wilhda//ling sets and costumes. 

TEXAS 
EDPERA 
THEATER 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE- Fab. 27, 1977 
PAGE S 

SENO IN FOR YOUR 
TICKETS OR TAKE THIS 
COUPON TO ANY 
SEARS TICKET OFFICE OR 
SOUTHERN MUSIC CO. 

M A IL TO: 
UT BA N D TICKETS 
8o38 Wye/bach Road, tt 38o 
Son Antonio, Texas 78229 

Pleose vend me tickets to the UT Symphonic land (on cert at the Theater for the Performing Arts on Wed . Match ?, at 7 3o p m I hove enclosed SI for eoch ticket 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY 
. 
MATE 
/IP 

IUha ch* Si md MwMy Orhan pofahl* •• Van An I oak laaat I m dub 
MOH M A U MOOK A IU! AOM!SSM. MAMMO IMVUOrt IOO A m o o n on urn of tour nam 

C anada CBers on rise 

( anuria is experiencing a ( I i explosion. It's not as large as tho one that hit tho I ’ .S. within tho last IS months, but it's still s ik h ilioant. 

Tho country’s Depart­ ment oi Communications 
(counterpart to tho U.S. 
Federal Communications 
Commission) estimates that thoro will soon ho I 2 

 m illion Canadians li­ censed to operate C li transceivers. 
Right now there are just over 2o(1.(MIO legal Cli sets in Canada and an 

 unknown quantity of people operating without licenses. 
The latest FCC report shows that more than eight million persons of 

 businesses hold U.S. li­ censes, and it's probably safe to assume that se­ veral million more oper­ ate on the citizens band without a license. 
THE HAWAII 
VACATION YOU DON'T HAVE 
TQJtfAI? FOR. 

I I AVL S A N A N TON IO 
I W IL Y A l I LOO A M . , A R R IV E 
IN IIO N O I I I U A ! S. 15 P.M. BY 
( O N N It I INC i IN D A I LA S-PORT 
W O R T 11 IO T ! lh O N LY D A ILY 74' 
N f W S I O P T O H A W A II I K O M 
Sc )l H 11 W L ST. 

Waiting fnr you arc the warm sun, the sea and the sand of a whole glorious string ot tropic.ii islands. 
Yours ti* choose from right note. 

TA KH YCL IR N O -W A IT I N G 
I H AW AIIA N V A C A T IO N N O W 
W IT H $1-A-DAY* FLY IN G C O L O R S T R A V E L C R ED IT . 

Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Branift flight qualifies for Flying Colors Travel 
I redit. You can finance up to $829 over 36 months and pay no more than $l-a-day or $3o a month. Your deferred payment price would he $1,o8o (36 monthly payments of $3o) including the finance charge computed at an annual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. Theres no required down payment and first payment is not due tor 3o to 43 days. Lesser amounts of travel money can he repaid sooner at $l-a-ilay or at less than $l-a-day. Larger amounts are available at higher repayment rates. This new travel credit service is provided at Branift s request exclusively through authorized travel agents in all states (except Alaska, Arkansas, Maine, Vermont) by Associates 
Financial Services. Travel agents can approve immediately many credit applications up to $75o. 

I I IO O S E TI IE 11 A W A 11 F LY IN G I O L O R S V A C A T IO N 
LO R Y O U R B l T X IFT. Consult your travel agent or Branift office tor further information on Branift s Vacations with Living 
( olors to I Eiwaii tor $l-a-d.ty. CV mail the coupon below. 
Branift International 
Flying C ok >rs-Room 9o8 
PO . Box 15oo1, Dallas, Texas 752 35 
Please send me more information on \our Hawaii Vacations w ith Plying C 'olors: 

B R A N I LL -TI IE O N LY D A ILY 
747 N O N - ST O P F R O M 

D A L LA S- F O R T W O R T H - 
T H E S M O O T H S O U T H E R N 
R O U T E T O I IO N O L U L U 

H A W A IIA N H O SP! LAI LTY H O I HWY, 
I ti I >1 ti I t Mi ill 
□$473-$661 nu hiding air fare 

8 days, I or 3 islands (O ahu, Main, I Etwaii), with hi ire I and many extras. 

IH I R O Y A I ORC H ID . 
□ $829 n u hiding air tare 

14 days, 4 Isl ands (M ain, Hawaii, Oahu, Kauai). Price includes hotel, comprehensive sightseeing, inter-island air fares and m< ire. 

LLY A N D D R IV E V A C A T IO N . 
□ $555-$681 
UK hiding ail tan 

7 days, with hotel, lei greeting, rental car with unlimited mileage, taxes and liability insurance. 
Prices per person, double occupancy (single uccnmuHxlutinns higher) range depending on day of departure or hotel chosen 
Subject to change. Some tours have fixed departure dates and group travel requirements. Your travel agent or Branift have all the d e t a i l s and will arrange for sour inclusion iii a group. „ v) , 

I 
N A M E 
___________ 
I 
A D D R E S S 

(T T Y 
.—S T A T E 
7 IP 

N A M E O I Ye YI IR I R A V I! A C IN I Y 
__ 

Connect Branift to Branift and enjoy our Surfer Rcxim at 
Dallas-Fort Worth, offering com­ plimentary coffee and fruit juices, exclusively to Hawaii passengers; then board our 747 non-stop and avoid West Coast delays, weather problems, changes of airlines or terminals. 

C A B IN S E R V IC E B E Y O N D 
T H E E X P E C T E D . Bran iff otters coach passengers a choice of en­ trees, complimentary French wine, spacious lounge with stand-up bar, w ing back chairs and at nominal cost, wide-screen movies and multi channel sn reo. 

I O R R E S E R V A T IO N S I Al I 
Y O U R I R A V I ! A G E N T O R 
B R A N I LF A l 224 4‘>4I 
24 I IO l R S A DAY 
[BRANIFF 

T O H A W A II W IT H FLY IN G C O L O R S 

CB Convac 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor of I hr CW Units-Journal 

Keep in mind, though, that Canada’s population is about one-tenth that of the U.S., so the per ca­ pita use of ( Bs in Canada might one day surpass the U.S. mark. 
What’s causing tin' in­ creasing popularity ? 
A lot of the same things that have sparked the growth here. 
Canadians want to keep up with radar and speed traps, they like the instant convenience of 
(B in g for obtaining highway inform ation, and the ( Bs have proven them selves tim e and again during em er­ gencies. 
But Canada is also, for the most part. a rural country. 
People in far-flung ar­ eas use their radios as a way to keep in touch wit Ii neighbors. 
The CB becomes a party line for Canadians in isolated areas who, even though they might have telephones, still en­ joy the companionship of a dozen or more other 
CBers who ratchet-jaw into the night 
The growth iii Canada has given the Doe some of the same growing pains encountered bv the 
FCC. 
In some urban areas. 

 the original 23 channels have become congested. 
And the flood of license applications has been al­ most overwhelming. 
To cope with conges­ tion, the DOC has allo­ cated 17 new channels — the same new fre ­ quencies allotted for U.S. 
( Bing — and set April I as the day the new chan­ nels can in* opened. 
The lag, DOC officials explain, is because the 
DOC fiscal year runs from April I to Marc h 31. and the channel expan­ sion will coincide with the new year. 
.lust as in the U.S.. the channel expansion in 
Canada has prompted CB retailers to offer price cuts on 23-c hannel stock. 
The glut of license ap­ plications has put a strain on the DOC, offi­ cials say, hut they’ve been able so far to cope with it and not fall far behind like the FCC, which at times took up to tm davs to process an application. 
Ail example of the DOC service1 is temporary li­ censing of A m erican 
( liers traveling in Cana­ da with their radio gear. 
Most applications from 
I S. ( liers lur the tem­ porary permits are ans­ wered bv return mail 

A m e ric a n E x p re ss t o m p u n y . 1 9 7 6 rRKteanfEurope. 
American Express brings it to life. 

A lp in e a n d f ilm ic 
2 2 D a y s . 
I B I I - ' 1 9 9 o 

In c lu d e ^ r u n m l-lr ip a ir fare (ru m S a il 

\11tn11in. I. tipis V n i 'l c i d a m . a .’i- iiig lil 
B ilb ie I riii-c . a m i th ru the \||biic b e a u ti 

 a l V ii-lria . S n ii/ c r liin il. f la b , I ’i r ' l - c l u " h o l d - lu r I « n ig h t*, e sc o rt, m i s t m e a l' 

— e ve n r e g io n a l 'p r c ia lt ic s . B a le s p e r p e rso n , d o u b le o c c u p u n c s . I.V ila s ad s alice b o o k in g . 

For more information come in or call 
\ VMI 

IIM X ii 
1 in 

1 \ ii 

Z-lRENNERT WORLD TRAVEL, INC. 

IO O NOVT*! VTA* MAIL 
SAM ANTONIO ’ I M I TM I* 
349-2761 

H |\||'U|{ I' SK K SI VI I 
I K I V I I V I XIV I I t 'l IV 

PAG! 6 tXPRfSS-MWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Feb. 27, 1977 

IMS , t 

NASHVILLE. Tenn. - 
Production of the four- p art 
“ N ashville 99“ series here has been com pleted and is scheduled to a ir Sun­ days, March 27 and April 
3-1o-17 on CBS-TV. (It replaces “ Delvecchio.” ) 
The police-adventure show co -stars Claude 
Akins and Jerry Reed and features numerous country m usic e n te r­ tainers — Tammy Wyn­ cote, Charley Pride. Mel 
Ti 11 is, 
Ray 
Stevens, 
Jacky Ward and Chet 
Atkins as g u e s t s ; some in non-singer roles. 
Yes. Chet Atkins as a dramatic “ actor!” 
Akins and Reed por­ tray officers on the Me­ tro 
N ashville 
Police 
Dept. (Pride has a con­ tinuing role as a detec­ tive called “ K B .” ). 
One of the segments, filmed at Opryland, has 
A tkins 
(M r. 
G u itar) playing himself. 
“ It’s just a bit part.” insists Atkins. “ A cameo role, they call it. Yet. it is the first time I ve ever done any acting.” 
Chet, w ithout his guitar, is cast as a guide at Roy Aeuff’s Museum 
(an O pryland a ttr a c ­ tion). 
“ In the scene I am guiding some children through the M useum , describing the old in ­ stru m e n ts and th eir back g ro u n d ,” he ex ­ plained. 
“ During our tour we meet 
‘Officer’ 
Reed. who asks me to listen to some of his guitar licks. 
Jerry, according to the script, has been taking some picking lessons. 
“ I listen and then tell him he needs more les­ sons. It’s tragic-comedy, as 
Shakespeare would say.’* 
Somebody asked the internationally - known picker if his future plans included acting. 
“ I d on’t know if I would want to be an ac­ tor — say, like Burt 
Reynolds or Robert Red­ ford, although having pretty girls go ape over you might Ik* nice. 
“ lf, after the show is televised, any Hollywood agents call, I II certainly talk to them .” 
Personal — I wrote a 

Nashville Sound 

By RED o DONNELL 

JERRY REED 

 ballad — a real te a r­ je rk e r 
— called 
“ E lm e r’s G lue W on’t 
Mend A Broken H eart” and submitted it to Ray 
Stevens. He listened and commented: “ It sounds ra th e r stick y to me. 
Anyway, I d on’t dig songs with wacky titles and lyrics. They just don’t sell. 
Stevens is the zany who recorded such as “ The 
S tre a k ,” 
“ A hab the 
A rab” and som ething about “ P urp le People 
Eaters." 
Texas U. athletic d ir­ ector Darrell Royal, an avid country music buff, is to be the closing speaker at the annual 
Country Radio Seminar here March 18-19. . . . B. 
J. Thomas, who had the aw ard-w inning “ R ain ­ drops Keep Falling On 
My Head” recording se­ veral showers ago, has been in Nashville cutting 

HAWAIIAN ~ 
HOSPITALITY 7 7 

8 DAYS/7 NIGHTS 
*473 tptal pnct 
Si” t'icmo 
TRADE WIND TOURS 
OE HAWAII 

C O N T A C T Y O U * THAVCL A G CN T 

E U R O PE 

H A R T E R S 

Low Cost Spring & Summer Charters 

( 

Air Faro Only 
I 
Two W eek Stay J 
» 4 9 7 

Fo r E x a m p le : R o u n d Trip lo n d o n 

MAKE RESERVATIONS N O W I 
F o r M o ro I n fo r m a t io n O n O th e r 

C h a r te rs C all: ( 5 1 2 ) 8 2 8 - 6 1 o 1 
SSO 
J3agji 
W orld Travel 

£ C l l C € Y 
SJM no AOM AY 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 792o9 
A2A4IoI 

 som e songs for Word 
Records of Waco, Tex. 
Thomas told reporters: 
“I’m now singing for the 
Lord, and I recently made a personal ‘Chris­ tian Commitment.’" 
M arty 
R obbins appears to have a hit in 
“ Adios Amigos,” which was written by Bobby 
Vinton, a recent visitor here. “ Pm glad it s do­ ing something for Mar­ ty,” said Vinton. “ When 
I recorded it about three or four years ago, it bombed.” 
Stoney Cooper, veteran 
Grand Ole Oprv regular, is recovering from a heart attack. Stoney, who performs with his wife 
W ilm a Lee and The 
Clinch Mountain Gang, actually was temporarily 
“dead” after suffering the attack. 
“ Only the quick and professional action of a doctor — who beat on 
Stoney’s chest — brought him back to life,” says 
Mrs. Cooper. 
Music City Vignette — 
Singer Mary McGregor of Steam boat Springs, 
Colo, was in Nashville in 
1974 begging record producers and agents for a break. 
She stayed around for a week or ten days and then, like hundreds do and have done, drifted 

 new 

 away. Back then the only way she could have got­ ten into the Grand Ole 
Opry House was to buy a ticket. 
Mary M cGregor now' has a big, big hit re ­ cording iii 
“ Torn 
Between Two Lovers." 
She was in Nashville last weekend, promoting her record and an album, and being interviewed all over the place by practi­ cally everybody with a pencil and pad and/or a microphone. 
One of the stops on her 
“tight" schedule was at the Opry House — where she did what amounted to a “ command perfor­ mance." 
Happy ending to vig­ nette! 
Roger Miller. Johnny 
Cash, Glen Campbell and 
Mary Ray Place of the country music-Nashville 

11*1 IM. i i Mil IIM, series 

I 

Sound set, are guests on 
John Denver’s ABC-TV 
Special March 2. . . . 
Speaking of video-audio program s, lucious Ann- 
M argret is taping her next special at the Opry 
House. G uest include 
Bob Hope. Perry Como and Minnie Pearl. 
“ It comes close to the thrill of my life to be on a show with those three," said Minnie. Incidental­ ly. the program is titled 
“ A nn-M argret R hines­ tone Cowgirl." Well! . 
Veteran singer-w riter 
Johnny Bond has written a biography about his late friend and associate, 
Tex Ritter. . . , Didja know T ex’s long and successful c a re e r in ­ cludes a Broadway state 
(NYC) stint in "Green 
Grow the Lilacs" — as an understudy to screen actor Franchot Tone? 
CLAUDE AKINS: In ‘Nashville 99’ 

SPAIN 
CHARTER 
$779 from 

Houston 

Go with AAA Sept 27 on a 16- day tour of Madrid. Seville and the Costa del Sol Price includes round-trip air. first- class hotels, breakfasts daily, sightseeinf and more 

 w o u l d 
W ID E trmvol O f»*ry 

_ 323 Spew er Lone 

EUROPE 
CHARTER t Q Q R 
A # 
Houston 
Go with AAA August 19 on a carefree 16-day tour of three 
European capitals Amster dam. Brussels and Paris Price includes round trip air. first- class hotels, continental breakfast daily, sight seeing and more 

 or o n l o 
MV I DC N«v«f epetKy 

3 2 3 Spencer Lane 

ALASKA 
CRUISE-TOUR 
$1,775 
Go with AM Jim* 77 on a IJ day cml so tour of America's last trout ie Cana Ilia tnwdt Passagr atren) de lee mom NS Monarch 
Sue.* thee visit Wk it thou*, 
Fairbanks Kouebs* Bay Mom* and (Macer Bay Prim includes transportation first-class Motets sift* s t mg and alt neats aboard 

Ship. 
• f a n a m j i w I**r-I'r 

W ORLD 
WIDE ira ,(l e »"‘ i 

3 2 3 Spencer Lane 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 
Trust Trailways ■ to take your vacation seriously, so you can take it easy. 
Tail ways knows what makes a great es­ corted tour — a professionally planned itinerary, outstanding accommodations, and a friendly, knowledgeable escort. Trust 
TVailways. We’re the travel experts. 
□ N atchez Pilgrim age/Evangeline 
C o u n try —6 days March 21. Includes New 
Orleans, antebellum homes. 
□ W ashington, W illiam sburg A the South 
— 17 days. April 2 Features Disney World, 
Charleston, Williamsburg, Washington. 
O Pacific N orthw est/C anadian R ockies— 
22 days Four summer departures 
Highlights Bailli, Vacouver, Grand TVtons 
□ M exico— 14 days Monthly departures. 
Includes Mexico City, Acapulco, Thxco. 
□ W estern T reasures— 19 days. June ll; 
July 3o. Features Yosemite, San Francisco, 
Disneyland. 
O E astern C anada/N ew England — 
22 days. June ll; July 16. Highlights 
Thousand Islands, Montreal, Quebec 
□ YellowstoneTelmiH Black Hills — 
14 days. June 25. July 3o. Includes 
Mi, Rushmore, Royal Gorge, Aspen. 
C Nova S cotia—22 days. July 23. Features 
Halifax, Bar Harbor, New England. 
□ Ozark/Sm oky M ountain Autumn — 
9 days. October 15 Features fall foliage, bluegrass country, Grand Ole Opry. 
□ New E ngland/E astern C anada — 
June ll. July 2 & 23. Includes Jamestown, 
Mount Vernon, Statue of Liberty. 

-Check the tours that interest you and mail with this coupon to the address below. 
N A M E _______________________________ 
ADDRESS_____________________________ 
C IT Y ________STA T E_______Z IP ______ 
Contact your travel Agent or 
M taq v 

A g t at a f 4 .«»urn attal f r a il* * * * Tour*. Im T rail***** travel llurr** l arp. 
3o1 B roadw ay 
San Antonio, TX 782o5 
(512) 226-3o53 

There are some feelings for which there are no words 

O w ning a Gary Pool is one of them . 

G H M 
, o o h 

SANANTONIO. Al M IN & /M /JAs 
I ii N E. Loop 4 IO. Sun Antonio. Etui* 
3 4 1 -3 3 3 1 

 fXPtfSS-MfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Feb. 17, l f 77 
PAGE 7 

‘Faster, faster, 9 he told his lens 

Photo Tips 

With Ron 
Jones 

Vyintf with “ Which obscure, off brand lens is best?” for unanswerable question of the month, is “Should I spend two hundred dollars more for an f/1.4 lens as opposed to an f/2?” 
Really! 
Is this som ething a professional should know? 
Am ateurs, with more money than they can spend at one place, are better equiped to answer these questions. 

Professionals usually work too tight of a budget to buy a lens they don’t absolutely have to have. 
The idea of picking up a selection of off-brand lenses — keeping tin* best and junking the rest — sends sw arm s of red craw ly th in g s up my 
I spine. 

When I need a new lens 
I get the one made for my cam era by the cam era m anufacturer. This lens usually costs from two to j four tim es as much as even the best brand-X. 

IF 
TMK 
LENS 
DOESN’T work just right, back it goes to the distributor for replace­ ment or adjustment. 

In the long run (three years and half a million exposures later) I II save money because this lens is built to last. The major 
. cam era m anufacturer's 
M rep u tatio n depends on 
I quality — particularly in 
'rn the focusing mount. No 
® one expects more than a 
* couple of easy years ser­ vice from Brand-X. 

The sticky question in­ volves lens speed or 
"how much is a quarter f-stop worth?” 

We have entered the age of fast lenses. 

WITH I M H K disre­ spect for such speed freak s as the Canon range!linier 5omm/o.95, until about five years or so ago a lens faster than f/2 was considered fast. 
Outside of normal (5o or 
55mm), and, with very few and generally una­ vailable exceptions, lenses were by today's standards slow. 

HUL 
99 

CM m n . JU S T IS if) in sharp focus. In bright daylight, a la-1 lew* in a want# of npccd. The older, anti -dower, lenten definatelv have a place photography. Thin -hot wan taken with l’ri-\ film, at F-l. in open nhadc at 
1-25o of a neeoud. 

Photography is closely tied to the science of optics. 
With most scientific instruments, price and quality are closely related. You get what you pay for. 

But what you need may not lie the most expensive lens available iii given focal length. 

If von are a stamp collector and wish to study a stamp s watermark, what you need is a good look­ ing-glass not a two million dollar microscope. 

(iood quality, fast lenses are available at relatively reasonable prices but do you need the speed? 
Probably not. 

Fast lenses used to be notoriously fuzzy. The 
Canon glass beast is a good example. Today's fast lenses are almost as sharp as their slower brothers. 

I’ve seen some very convincing tests that show the t8ommF/2.8 Nikkor lens to bi* almost as sharp as the utminr/i 

Almost I said. But not better. 

For only $4oo more you can have a lens almost as sharp as the inexpensive but incredibly sharp one f-stop slower standard for medium telephotography. 

PACI I ItftfSWtfWS SUNDAY MAGAZJMI-ftb. 17. lf77 

Phuff! 

Would anyone expect a new $2oo Sigma to tx* as sharp as a 195o model $1oo llektor 135ininf/4.5? They shouldn't. 

While Sigma is a leader in superfast lenses, they must sacrifice something for high speed. That so mottling is resolution and corner to corner sharp ness. 

How do you know if you need high speed lenses? 

If you must generally push your film two or more f-stops and always shoot your pictures with the lens at maximum aperture, then consider buying faster lenses. 

As a general rule (with some exceptions) the best or sharpest lens in the slowest usuable lens. Wide open, a fast lens will have little depth-of-field with only a shallow plane in sharp focus. This luck of depth in sharp focus will add to the impression of overall fuzziness. 

Most photographers tend to stop a lens down to increase the depth-of-field or overall sharpness 
This does away with the one advantage of fast lenses, lf you are going to shoot all of your pictures at f/5.8 or f/8 why pay $2oo extra for a fast lens? 

W atercolor scene 

Guest column 

This week I'm turning this space m er to Hill Bristow, choirman o f 
Trinity I niversity's art department. 
Bristow takes an enthusiastic look at what's happening to watercolors to­ day. 

By BILL BRISTOW 

In an age when artists are questioning the very validity of painting itself, it is interesting to witness the persistence of the traditional practice of a particular kind of paint­ ing: the medium of tran­ sparent w atercolor, or aquarelle, is enjoying a w idespread festival of celebration by serious artists and collectors that is unprecedented. 
A case in point is the focus of a grand exhibit in 
T rin ity 
U n iv ersity ’s 
Ureal Hall of the Chap­ man G raduate C enter, 
March 1-15, when 5o wa­ tercolors selected for the 
American Watercolor So­ ciety’s national competi­ tion will be on view. 
Sponsored by a dynamic local organization, the 
San Antonio Watercolor 
Group, and Trinity's Art 
Department, a few notes on the medium may whet the appetites of local gal­ lery goers. 
Dragonfly 
The delicate glazes of aqueous p ig m en ts on handsom e tex tu red papers has been likened to the gossamer quality of a dragonfly’s wings — a rather accurate descrip­ tion of the medium in the hands of an artist. Light penetrates the thin sheets of color, strikes the white substance of the paper and bounces back to the eye, illu m in a tin g the entire surface of the painting in the process; and the brilliance, spar­ kle and clarity associated with the medium are ac­ cum pl ished. 
The thin washes of co­ lor can be the palest bloom of hue or can build into the deepest pools of inky wetness. A barely dam p brush can drag across the dry textured paper 
(th e d ry b ru sh tech n iq u e) w ith the bleached quality of a hornet’o nest; or a fully loaded brush charged with color can spill wash onto a previously wet ar- ea with curdles of pig. 

 m ent (the wet-in-vvet technique) that bleed into marbled rivuleta. 
This rep e rto ire of b rushstroke and the range of possibilities in the m aterial are pure poetry, dem anding the skillful control of a disci­ plined artist. But part of the sense of discipline is the ability to recognize the fortuitous accident and the ability to turn oneself over to the me­ dium. 
Watercolor teaches the a rtist economy of lan­ guage and directness, and these very qualities are its special appeal to its audience: an intimate view of the a rtis t's thought processes and perceptions. On the one hand, it is an ideal study medium, it is simple and mobile; and yet it is po­ tentially heroic, and its only limits are the limi­ tations of the artist, what the artist can wring from white paper, the spec­ trum of pigments, clean water and a brush. 
Understatement 
In traditional aquarelle usage, the artist's light­ est tints are the white of the paper; arid these m ust be preserved throughout the painting process from the earliest broad and pale washes, through the gradual buildup of rich middle values, until the last crisp dark accents are added. 
The m edium lends itself to un d er­ statement; and once the artist has gone too far, the only recourse is to s ta rt again on fresh paper! 
Because of its inherent w etness, aquarelle is perfect for capturing a sense of atmosphere and spaciousness, the pene­ trability of skies, and the depth and reflectiveness of water. Because the ex­ posed paper serves as the lightest values, the crus­ ty opaqueness of solid form s bounding total sunlight to our eye is ea­ sily accomplished in the medium. 

F or all th e ir a tm o s­ phere, aquarelles are al­ so inherently ab stract. 
The m asters of aquarelle have explored the range of p o ssib ilities and opened the door for new expression. In the finest of both extremes we find 
[he w atercolors of the 
E nglishm an, W illiam 
I tim er, swollen with a mist and fog that swallow and dissolve objects like a Zen landscape; and the sp a rk lin g -c risp n ess of the work of the A m eri­ can, W inslow H om er w^itIi dappled light and shade and sharp-edged shape reductions of con­ trasting earth, water and sky. 
Tempera 
The purity of aquarelle fs often modified by the introduction of opaque tem p era 
(called gouache) in usually white tinted colors that partial­ ly obscure (he paper and even block out e a rlie r painting. The range of opaque watercolor, sim ­ ple gouache, casein, egg tem pera or a c ry lic, brings a m at textured sheen to the medium that has its own delicacy, but in no way dem ands the skilled choreography of aquarelle. 
M odern a rtis ts have very naturally combined paper collage with the various w ater pain ts which still maintains the delicate "w eight” of the m edium W ithin the li­ m its of w ater soluble media, unvarnished and applied to p ap e r, the present interest and ex­ citement is a touchstone with a rich and venerable tradition in art. 
The A m erican W ater- color Society exhibit al trin ity U niversity pro- 
XliEfkt offor vi*ual dt lights for the appre­ ciator of fine watercolor by some of the country's outstan d in g a rtis ts 
Some exam ples will be 
'Mild and daring, but the contact with a valuable tradition in art will be inherent in the demands of the medium. 

* 
’ *> 
* 

WATERCOLOR "Along the Stream" by Sub Ha a.co la among work- of the American Watercolor Society opening tbi- week at Trinity University. 

 i i 
L_ j S j i I 

 n r 
In i 
• 
C I 
IU ) n 

OPENING 

SUN: TH E BLO O D Y M IS T E R 
H Y D E , River City Theater, San 
Antonio Country, 
1122 N 
St. 
M ary's, 732-8385. M usical based on 
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. H yd e'1 presented bv 
M aoick 
Theater 
T o u rin g C o m p o n y. 
Su n -T u e s through Mor. 15. At 8. Coll tor prices. 
MON: TH E BA LC O N Y , South­ west T e x a s State U n iv e rsity 
Theater, San M arcos, 245-22o4. 
Jean Genet s dram a about a revolution being fought from o brothel. Through Sot. At 7:3o. 
JI $2. 
T H U R S : 
S H E R L O C K 
H O LM ES, Theater for the P e r­ forming Arts. Classic sleuth play presented bv touring company. 
One night only. At 8 3o. S3-S9 5o. 
Tickets on sale at Joske s ticket service and at theater night ot 

 pertor mance. 
TH U R: 
M A D A M E SA D E, Our 
Lady of the Lake U niversity 
Theater West, 434-6711. ext. 1o6. 
The M arquis de Sade as viewed bv the w om en o ro u n d him . 
Through Sat 8, M a r 1o-12. At 
8:15. JI $2. 
F R I: Y E SH A L L KNO W T H E 
T R U T H , 
C a rv e r 
C o m m u n ity 
Cultural Center, 226 N. H a ck­ berry 
H isto ry of the 
B lack 
A m erican presented by Afro- 
Am erican Players. One night only. Al 8. 
FRI: T IN D E R T R E A C H E R Y , 
Of W H E R E T H E R E 'S S M O K E . 
T H E R E 'S M O N E Y , M elodram a 
T h e a te r, 
H e m is F a ir 
P la z a . 
224-4464. Viilian O scar D eLavoca tries to freeze San Antonians by tripling the- price of fuel and kidnaps M ayor Leto Crockweli. 
Fri-Sat through Apr 17. F ri 8, 
Sat of 8:15, Sun at 6:15. 
Fri 
53.5o, Sat 54, Sun J2 children, $3 adults. 
SAT: PIN O CCH IO , Son Anton­ io 
F in e 
A rts 
C e n te r, 
3145 
Nacogdoches. 
653-7241. 
K id s ' play. Eoch Sat through Apr V. At 
2. J2 children, 52.5o adults. 

REAL LIFE MELODRAMA: The plot of M elo­ dram a T h eater's new show opening Friday may sound strangely fam iliar. 
The original play w ritten by director B urdette 
Parks details the plight of the frozen citizens of San 
Antonio during the fuel crunch of 1876. 
The black-hearted villain, O scar DeLavaca, tri­ ples the price of firewood and kidnaps Mayor Lela 
Crockweli when she tries to close down DeLavaca s dance halls. 
M eanwhile City Councilm an Uncle Sam Woody keeps trying to get everyone involved in his Cen­ tennial Parade. 
Finally DeLavaca is outw itted by snow cone ven­ dor Harold Baskin and Robbin M ichaels, cub re­ porter of the E xpress and News. 

Look to Slope for detoils. 

MARVELOUS MARVELEE: A m em ber of the San 
Diego Opera since 197o, M arvelee C ariaga cam e to national prom inence in 1972 when she stepped in for the ailing Irene Dalis in the world prem iere of 
“ M edea” with only 24 hours notice. 
The m ezzo-soprano has since had several suc­ cessful engagem ents throughout the United States. 
This Tuesday she will be perform ing for the 
Tuesday M usical Club at San Antonio College's 
McAllister A uditorium . Local audiences w ill have a chance to decide if she m easures up to her press notices that her “ voice is im pressive for its natural beauty and wide, dynam ic range." 
Cheek out Music for outre info. 

DANCE, DANCE: 
San Antonians will have op­ portunities Sunday to see two dance com panies. 
The Luis R ivera Dance Company will present a free perform ance at 7:3o p.m. with the San Antonio 
S\ m phony at the T heater for the Perform ing Arts. 
E arlier, at 3 p.m ., the San Antonio Ballet Com­ pany will present "G iselle" at Incarnate Word 
College. 
“G iselle" will feature the com pany's principal m ale d an cer, R ichard P rew itt, in the lead of 
Albrecht. The com pany’s T erri Hayes and Joshua 
Thompson will also be featured. 
See Donee for detoils. 

H Y M CITY YMCA n i l F rtM ttfi 
41*. - 
------It gt 
T H I B L O O D Y M IST E R HY D I 
(A I M m I h ■■Big wNB Bv. M y * A MI MMB) 
Performance Tonight at • P.M. 
I I M N. St. M a ry 's St. i w w tien: 7 3 2 -1 3 8 5 

. . . . . 
. n m 
. , m m w m w i 

The SAN ANTONIO 
Watercolor 
GROUP 

INVITES YOU TO SEE THE 
1976/*77 Traveling Exhibition of the 
AMERICAN WATERCOLOR SOCIETY 
Mareb I thru Mareh 13 
CHAPMAN GRADUATE CENTER 

TRINITY UNIVERSITY 
DAILY IO to 3 
SUNDAYS liSO to 5tOO 

N o Adm ixtion U w rp r 

Cl PU EN T THEA TLR 

M A R as: S P IR A L S T A IR ­ 
C A S E , 
H a r le q u in 
D in n e r 
Theater, Bldg. 2652. H om ey Rd., 
Ft. Sam Houston. 221-2186 M vs fery suspense dram o 
Wed Sat through Mor. 
19 
Buffet at 7. show at 8 15. Wed A Thor $6 5o. 
Fri 8, Sat $7. Reservations. 

F E B 
27. 
M a r 
4-5: 
C O M E 
BLOW YO U R 
HORN, 
Theater 
Sa n A n ton io. 
735 6922 
Neil 
Sim on's comedy about a young man cutting loose. Through Sun and M ar 4 & 5 
At 8.15 except 
Sun at 2:3o 52.5o 54 5o except 
S3.5o on Sun. 

F E B 27: G O D SP E L L , St 
An­ drew 's Methodist Church. Fel­ lowship 
Hall, 
7’ 2 
Robinhood 
Place , 824-2465. M usical about 
Christ. Dinner theater Call for buffet time. Show at 7 $2.5o 8, 
S3.5o. 

M A R 
2-S: 
O N C E 
U P O N 
A 
M A T T R E SS, Fort Sam Houston 
Playhouse, W orth Rd., Fort Sam 
H o u sto n , 
221-2289. 
M u s ic a l comedy based on 
The Princess and the Pea.'' Wed-Sat through 
Mor. 5. At 8 :15. $3. 

F E B 27: TH E A D V E N T U R E S 
OF B R E R R A B B IT , St 
M a ry s 
U niversity, 
Shoestring Cellar, 
436-3619 or 436-31o5 
Children s play At 8, 7:3o except Sot 8, Sun at 2:3o 75 cents SI. 

F E B 27, M A R I-*: 
A N IN ­ 
SP EC T O R C A LLS, The Church 
Theater USO S Alam o of Wickes, 
224 4o85. 
A m ysterious inspector investigates the suicide 
Of a young girl im plicating a 
"respectable" fam ily 
Opens at 
6:3o. buffet ot 7, show of 8 15. show without buffet at 3 p.rn 
Sun. Tues Thurs $7.95, F ri & Sat 
58 95, Sun 54 ( 2o or m ore 53.5o; 
4o or more 53 on Sun.) Free wine and cheese on Sun. 

F E B 27: G A S L IG H T G A IE ­ 
T IE S , An O ld-Fashioned M elo­ dram a 
E ve n in g 
M elo dram a 
T h e a te r, 
H e m is F a ir 
P la z a . 
224-4464. Gov 9os and Roaring 
2os songs and skits along with a melodram a spoof. Af 6:15 12-53. 

AUDITIONS 

M ON for C Y R A N O D E B E R ­ 
G E R A C , 
F o rt 
Sa m 
H o u sto n 
Playhouse. 
Worth 
Rd,. 
Fort 
Sam 
H ouston. 
221-2289 or 
221-2186 
Rotes tor m en and women of all ages and types 
Also positions for technical lobs. 
W ayne E lk in s directing. 
For production rn early April. At J. 
M ON: (or IR M A LA DO U CE. 
Son Anion to Fine Arts Center, 
3145 Nacogdoches. 653 7241. At J 

SUN: M U SIC IN ACTION, In­ carnate Word College. 
Recital 
Hon, 828-1261. W inners and run­ ners-up of San Antonio S y m ­ phony Young Artists Auditions. 
At 3. 
Free. 
TUES: 
T U E S D A Y M U S IC A L 
CLUB. McAllister Aud, 494 562o. 
M e zzo so p ra n o M a rv e le e Ca riaga. 
At 
3. 
Call for ticket information. 
W E D A TH U RS: U N IV E R S IT Y 
OF T E X A S AT A U ST IN H A R P 
E N S E M B L E , M c A lliste r A u d i­ torium. San Antonio College At 8 
Wed, At ll o.m. Thurs. Free 
F R I: 
C IT Y 
C O N C E R T , 
San 
Antonio Svm phonv with H arvey 
Garber conducting. M ain Plaza at Flores & Market downtown at noon. East End Service Center. 
28o5 E. Commerce, corner Rio 
Grande 8. Com m erce at 7:3o 
Free 
F R I £ N E X T SUN. SAN AN 
T O N IO C H O R A L 
S O C IE T Y , 
T r in it y 
U n iv e r s it y 
P a r k e r 
C h a p e l, 
696-6327 
M o z o rt: 
R e q u ie m 
M o s s a n d So le m n 
Vespers. At 8 p.m. F ri and at 4 p m. next Sun. Free. 
SAT & M A R 7. SAN AN TO N IO 
S Y M P H O N Y , 
223-5591. 
G uest 
French hornist M yro n Bloom. 
R o g e r 
M a lo n e c o n d u c tin g . 
M ozorf: Svm phonv No. 28 in C 
Maior. K 2oo; Concerto No. 2 in 
E Flat, K. 417, Conter to Rondo 
'n E Flat. K. 371 rind Snrenndp 
No. 9 in D M aior (Posthorn). K. 
32o. Sot at 8 3o at Theater tor the Perform ing Arts. M o r 7 at 
7 3o at Laurie Aud. 54 56 5o. 
N E X T SU N : C IT Y C O N C ER T . 
So n A n to n io S y m p h o n y with 
Harvey Garber conducting State 
Hospital Chapel, 59oo S. Presa. 
At 3. Free. 

SU N: G IS E L L E . San Antonio 
Ballet 
Co., 
Incarnate 
Word College Aud. At 3. 52 5o-54 
SU N 
W E D : 
L U IS 
R IV E R A 
SP A N IS H 
D A N C E 
C O M P A N Y . 
Witn the 
San 
Antonio 
Sym ­ phony, Theater tor the Perform- 
>ny 
Arts. 
Sun of 
7:3o. 
Free perform ance, 
M on at 9:25 8, 
1o:45 o.m. elem entary students concert. Adults SI 5o, children 75 cents 
Tues. 9:25 8. 1o:45 a m., 
I JO p.m.; Wed. 9.25 & 
1o:45 a moi, adults 51.5o, children 7» cents 
TH U RS-S A T i SAN AN TO N IO 
B A L L E T C O M PA N Y . North Star 
Malt, highlights lr om “ The 
N u tc ra c k e r,'' 
G ise lle ," and 
Don Quixote.'' At I 3o. Free. 

M O N : M E D IT A T IO N C R Y S ­ 
T A L L IZ E D : A R T OF M E D IT A ­ 
T IO N : 
Z E N 
IN 
A M E R IC A : 
SO NG TO T H E E . D IV IN E A N ­ 

SW! Antonio Fin# Arts Center 
Presents 
“ P IN O C C H IO ” 
March S, 12, 19 A 26 April 2 « 9 
Children $1.5o 
A d u lt* $2.oo 
Group Rote, 
3141 m iip K ln i 
MecArmer Pieta at limn 
653-7241 

LIVE...ON STAGE! 

...WONDERFUL / 
STAGE EFFECTS 
ENGROSSING /CHARACTERS 
BRING ONE OF /LITERATURE S MOST 
BELOVED 
/H E R O E S TO LIFE ON r THE STAGE. 

O n *. A P 
Orch. Q X 
Orch. V D D 
Mer. A E 
Mer. F E 
Le tref Bel. A G M J I 
I. H K U N 

W M 
M J I irs# 
M L M 
SB-59 

T H U R S., M A R . 3, 1977 

8 i3o P M 

TkfceM ae sale ai Jest*'* tfewetewe m4 Nerthsiar Mall. lea eOce epee ell 4*y af terfarauece. 

17KVU 1N C, son AOTomo college 
Library. At 7.3o. $1. 
T U ES: S T R U G G L E FO R IN 
D E P E N D E N C E , O U R 
T E X A S 
H E R IT A G E . W HAT GOO D IS A 
W A R B L E R . A M E R IC A N IS ­ 
LAN D, Third Floor Auditorium, 
San Antonio M ain Library, 2o3 S. 
St M o rv 's St At 12: IS & 7 Free 
W E D : 
T O U C H 
O F 
E V IL , directed by 
Alfred 
Hitchcock, 
C h a p m a n G ra d u a te C e n te r. 
Trinity University 
At 7:3o 
JI m e m b e rs S a n A n to n io 
Film 
Society, 51.5o public. 
N E X T SU N: 
TH E 
H A R R A D 
E X P E R IM E N T , Incarnate Word 
College, M arian Hall Ballroom. 
At 7. SI. 

 cession — Claude Stanusn, M o r 
2, 9, 16, 23 8. 3o, Ursuline Hall, 
7:3o-9: 3o p m Wed. 525. 
SAN A N T O N IO F IN E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R , 
M a c A rth u r 
P la za , 
3145 N acogdoch es at 
Bitters, 
653-7241. C lasses in C h ild re n s 
Art 4 p.m. Wed A IO o.m. Sat; 
Oft Loom Weaving. 9:3o Tues. 
Also ballet, m odern & 
D isc o dance, guitar, piano, accordion & wind instruments. Call for m ore intor motion 
N E X T SU N: 
R E A D E R A N D 
W R IT E R S A F T E R N O O N , 
San 
P e d ro P la y h o u se , 
8 
2-oo87. 
Guest authors Shelbv 
H earon 
("N ow and Another Tim e ") and 
Suzanne M o rris (“G alveston">. 
Wine and cheese A1 3. 52.5o 55. 

SUN: 
C U L T U R A L L IF E OF 
SAN 
ANTO NIO . 
Unitarian 
Church, 
8o7 
B eryl, 
344 469S. 
Lecture bv Dr, Am y Freem an 
Lee At J 3o 51. 
T U E S « W E D : 
F IF T H A N ­ 
N U A L 
B E N E F IT 
C O O K IN G 
SCHOOL, witn Craig Claiborne, benefits 
S A. 
Sym p hony. 
UT 
Health Science Center Auditor­ ium, 77o3 Floyd Curl Drive. Tues at 7 p.m.. Wed 9 3o a m JIO for single session, 5)5 for both For information call 828 6644. 
A R T A P R E C IA T IO N : V IE W ­ 
ING A W O RK 
OF 
ART, 
The 
Lutcher Conference Center, 636 
Ivy Lane, Approaching art as a visual experience rather than historical 
M o r I, 8, 
15 & 22. 
7 3o-9:3o p.m. For registration, call 
U T SA Division ot Continu­ ing Education. 227-9147. 
W E D N E X T 
S U N : 
IC E 
C A P A D E S , 
Convention Center oorena. Wed Sot at 8 Sat & next 
Sun ot 2 
$4 56 
T icke ts at 
Joske s, Sears, and Jam & Jelly 
General Store 
F R I: 
IN C A R N A T E 
W O R D 
C O L L E G E , 
M orion Hall, 43o1 
Broadway. Lecture: "A n Even­ ing with Geraldo R ivera." At 8. 
53 public, 
51 5o students 
& military 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R , 3oo Augusta, 224-1847. 
'P h o t o g ra p h ic Silk S cre e n . " 
Diane Block, M a r I, 9: 3o a m • 
12 A 7 9 3o p.m.. Print Shop, SSO; 
The Heort at A r f Lecture dis- 

OPENING 

SUN: 
SO U TH W EST 
T E X A S 
ST A T E U N IV E R S IT Y , Speech 
D ram a Center, San M orcos. Oils of Prince Dracula bv Patricia 
Price. Through Fri. Free. 
T U ES: T R IN IT Y U N IV E R S I­ 
TY, Chapm an Library. 736-84o6. 
Am e rican W atercolor 
Society 
Exhibit. Through M a r 15 
Mon- 
F ri 8 5, Sat A Sun I 3o 5 Free 
T U ES: M A IN L IB R A R Y , 2o3 
N St M a ry's. 223 6851. Ext. 5o 
Wildlife paintings bv Laddie J 
Nemec. Through March. M on F ri 
9-9. Sat 96. Free. 
TUES: W E S T F A L L B R A N C H 
L IB R A R Y , 61)1 Rosedale 
Rho fographs by Ken Holloway, Sr 
Through M arch. M on F ri 5-9, Sat 
9 6. Free. 

C l KMENT EXHI BI TS 

TH E A R T HAUS, 1o3 N M ain in Boerne. New watercolors by 
Bill Zoner and p ain tings by 
Texas artists in all media Open 
Sons 12 5 M on Sot. IO 5 249 37oo 
ART A F R A M E M A R T No I. 
8jo? Broadw ay 
Oils by Robert 
Harrison and 
Betty 
Allison 
M on Sat 1o-6 
ART A F R A M E M A R T No. 2, 
67o North Star 
Mall. Oils by 
Hazel M a sse y. 
Joe Peacock. 
Jose Vive* Atsara and Alberto 
Mezo. Mon Sat 1o-6. 

A R T IS A N 'S A L L E Y , 555 Bit­ ters Road. M arketplace of over 
2o shops with professional ai lists and or craftsm en In residence. 
Tues-Sa! KT 5 3o, Sun 1-5. 
BR IG H T SH AW L G A L L E R Y . 
819 Augusta. IO a m. - 2 p.m., 
M on Fri. 
C L U T T E R W T O O G A L L E R Y . 
53o9 M c C u llo u g h . 
P a in tin g s, drawings, photographs A limited edition graphics bv 
Christine 
Am arger, Nellie 
Buel. Richard 
Fielden, Danny Geisler, Dmitri 
Petrov. 
Jean 
Sariano. 
Sue 
Shields and Georoe Stumberg. 
M on Sat 1o 6, Sun 1-5. 
C O PP IN I A C A D E M Y OF F IN E 
ARTS, 
115 M elrose Place. 
2-5 p.rn Sat. Sun A Wed. Free 
C O R N E R G A L L E R Y , 4th A 
Main, Bianco. Paintings of the 
Hill Country bv hill country artists. Daily 1o^6, Sun bv ap­ pointment, call 833-456o. 
F R O ST 
N A T IO N A L 
B A N K . 
O ne H undred W est 
Houston. 
See Arts, Page It 

 ingles In trod uetkm s.ln e. 

SINGLES INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE 
Hoars: Mon.-Thor: J-7 pm., Sot.: 9om-2pm 
J 
57o1 *Brot4wN|. PUm 

B B B » 9 > B B B B 9 9 9 » 9 9 6 » 9 9 B » B B B B > a a » a B B a B a B f 

 m GiOtvV AT 

IS TO O fffc .g S O U 

P ' - A K t S Act a F / M ft j 
AHD 
I 

E X T i c A H D I 

 u h u s v a u V H k is ,! 
ORCAUIC PVANT> p r o d u c t s a h o ::" 
SOO KLD PUA,KT> 

A pxjtce. i s * 
oV)g S P E d / f c ^ 
C O O T - "' ■ ’ 

3HC 

Express-News 
Wont Ads 

225-1666 

ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY 

 h A R i f o R d b A l k r 

THEATRE FOR THE PERFoRMINC ARTS 
SUNDAY, MARCH 13 
2:3o P.M. 

PRESENTED BY 
Ballet .Society 

 cSui Antonio 

Tickets may be purchased at the Ballet Society Box 
Office. Executive Center 
Kogerama Building, 4438 
Centerview 78228. 

S3.So to $8.5o. 
Mail orders accepted. 

You may charge to Frost Brothers. Rhodes, BankAmericard or 
Master Charge. 

Bus transportation from Alamo Heights 
National Bank and Wonderland reservations available at the Box Office. 
TELEPHONE 
7 3 2 -8 1 o 3 

IWMtt-tWB SWUM M 6U M I-M . 17. I t l l m e lt 

 tm 
Arts 

Sm ith so n ia n in stitu te e x h ib it of the 
In a ug ura tion of 
A m e ric a n p r e s id e n t s fro m G e o r g e W a ­ shington to G e ra ld F o rd in clu d e s re p ro d u c tio n s of p rin ts , p h o to ­ g r a p h s , m e m o r ia b ilia a n d s o u v e n irs of 38 p re s id e n tia l in ­ au g u ra tio n s. M o n -T h u rs 9 a rn. - 
3 p m , F r l 9 l 'n • S p m. 
G A L L E R I A 
SOT 
H O U S E 
O F 

A R T S , 
3o7 
H e m is F o ir 
P l o i a 
W ay 
W ork bv A d rie l, A rd v th , 
G ilb e rt, G ira rd , H ooke. H oese, 
Keenan, 
Cos Scotts.' 
M is c h e r. 
P o rte rfie ld . R ob erts, Thom pson; oils, w a te rco lo rs, o c rv lits , c e r ­ a m ic s , m a c ra m e , a n d m e ta l scu lp tu re. 
M o n Sat 
12-5, 
C a ll 
227o527. 
O A L L E R I E O F F IN E ARTS, 
J42 W 
M a in S treet, F re d e ric k s burg. T e x a s a rtists , o rtiso n s & cra ftsm e n M o n Sat 1o 5. Sun bv 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 

Tonight 

 feb . 27 MUSIC FOR THE CITY 
Free C o n ce rti 

LUIS RIVERA 
DANCE COMPANY 

MARIA ALBA. 
Guest Artist 

HARVEY BISKIN. 
Conductor 

7:3o pm 
Theater for the 
Performing Arts 

Mar. 4 
MUSIC FOR THE CITY 
Free Concerts* 
HARVEY GARBER. Conductor 
12:oo Main Plaza 
(across from Bexar 
County Courthouse) 
7:3o pm East End Service 
(Center Commerce & 
Houston Streets) 

Mar. 5*/7t 
MYRON BLOOM. French Horn 
ROGER MELONE, conducting 
*8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
17:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

P u ccin i’s Beloved 
Mar. 27*/29t 
LA BOHEME 
KARAN ARMSTRONG 
WILLIAM HARNESS 
MURKY SIDUN, conducting 
"8:3o pm 
13.oo pin 
Theater for the Performing Arts 

 oppf C a ll 997 7495/997 5947. 
C L A S S E R S A R T G A L L E R Y . 
2121 N. M a in A v e N ew g a lle ry artist* Jea n M a rtin , B ria n (Ion ­ ian. E d n a Hibee. On*, w a te rcr- lo r s a n d p a s t e ls b v 
C lo y 
M c G a u g h y , 
G o rd o n 
W est, 
E d 
W ittm a n n . 
B ill 
Z o n e r , 
E A 
H eroes, Ivan M cO o u g a l. L a r r y 
A nschutz, G ilb e rt D u ra n . S anta 
D u ra n ,, 
N a n c y 
H a w k in s a n d 
M ic k e y C a rlis le M on Sot 5-6. 
GRAPHICS G A L L E R Y . 4o3 E 
C o m m e rc e 
W o o d c u ts b y 
RI ch a rd Conn, S um l p a in tin g s bv 
H elen Fe ster, p rin ts an d posters. 
Tues W ed l l 5:3o, T h u rs Sat 119, 
Sun 16. 
H E L O T E S 
A R T 
G UILD , 
1o6o3 B a n d e ra R oad W o rksh o p s 
In p ro g re s s . 
P h o n e 695-9141. 
Tues Sun 1-5. 
INS TIT UTE O F T E X A N C U L ­ 
TU R ES , H e m is F o ir P la z a W ay. 
9-5 Tues Sun 
M C C R E L E S S L I B R A R Y . 
1o23 
A d a 
St. 
E x h ib it of o ils a n d w a te rco lo rs bv D aw n E d w a rd s . 
M on F r i 9 9, Sat 9 6 
o A K W E B R A N C H L I B R A R Y . 
4134 
H a rry 
W u rzb a ch 
R oad A c r y lic s an d w a te rc o rs by 
M a rg a re t W ra y M o n -F ri 9-9. Sat 
5-6. 
O D Y S S E Y G A L L E R I E S . 2222 
B re e z e w o o d . 
S e le c te d w o rk s bv W ayne A m e rin e . J a m e s A r m ­ s tro n g , 
M a r g e 
B r ic h le r , 
H o i 
R ice , th ru 
M a r 
JI, 
M a r 
IO co c k ta il p re v ie w 7:3o 9 3o p m 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , 224 N o rth S ta r M o ll 
P a in tin g s b v 
H e le n 
H o ffm a n , p o tte ry bv H a rd in g B la c k , o ils bv 
J im 
D a ly , w a te rc o lo rs bv 
B e th 
E id e lb e r g a n d 
C la y 
M c G a u g h v 
D a ily 
1o-6, 
T h u rs 
1o-9, clo se d Sun. 
R IV E R A R T G R O U P , 51o P a seo de la V illita . C h a n g in g e x ­ h ib it of p a in tin g s an d c ro fts fro m the m o re thon 6oo a rtis ts of the g ro u p D a ily IO 5, Sun 12-5. 
SAN A N T O N I O A R T INSTI­ 
T U T E , 
6ooo N. N ew B ra u n fe ls 
A n e xh ib itio n bv stu den ts in the g a lle ry M o n F r i 9 4. Sat 9 12. 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M A I N 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , 2o3 S St. M a ry s W ild lif e p a in t in g s b y 
L a d d ie 
J. 
N em ec. M o n -F ri 9-9, Sat 5-6, Sun 
IS . 
SAN AN TONIO M U S U E M O F 
M O O E R N A R T . 531 W 
W ood law n. D ra w in g s b y M ic h a e l ROS 

* Rb I 
U 
M a r VT. 
'Ok s' 
S I G O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
St. 
A n th o n y 
H ote l. 
R o b e rt 
W ood 
D on W o rre n , P o r fir io S a lin a s, Jo se 
V iv e s -A ts a ra , M a u re e n T a ra z o n , 
R o lla T a y lo r, S h a re lle . D a lh a rt 
W in d b e rg . 
F lo re n t 
B o e rn e , 
F rie d P o l , M a rc e l D y f, E d o u a rd 
C o rtez, R u th A n d e rso n . D o n a ld 
Y en a , 
J im 
D eu tsch . 
M o n Sat 
H S . 

SOL D E L RIO, 2o2o T o w n se n d 
P a in tin g 
& 
S c u lp tu re b v 
J a n 
Tips, p a in tin g s by 
A n a s ta s ia 
S am s, and 
J e w e lry bv 
D an 
Je n k in s. O p e n in g Sun M a r 27, 5-7 p.m . 

S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R G A L L E R Y , 42o P a se o de la V illita . ' F ib r e D ire c tio n s ," w o rk b y 
K a y 
M a x h a m a n d 
SW C C w e a v e rs: B ie g e rt, G le n n . 
Je n k in s . G a rc ia , M o ra n , W rig h t, 
B u rn s, M e rte n * , H oop e r. 
D a ily 
1o-5:3o, 

SOUTHW IND A R T G A L L E R Y , 
4114 M cC u llo u g h . E x h ib it of o ils, a c r y lic s , a n d w a te r c o lo r s bv lo ca l. A m e ric a n an d E u ro p e a n a rtis ts 
A ls o g ra p h ic s bv W in d ­ be rg , W ood an d o th ers. T u e s -F ri 
9:3o-5:45, 
Sat 1o5. F re e . 

T E JAS G A L L E R Y . 1o2o5 O o sis. Suite 311. N ew an d e x p a n d e d g a lle ry saoce. M o n -F ri 1o-5. Snt bv ap poin tm e n t. 
C a ll 
494-578o 344 BOIS. 

TR IN I T Y 
U N I V E R S I T Y , 
715 
S ta d iu m 
D riv e . 
"1o9th 
A n n u a l 
T r a v e lin g 
E x h ib it io n o f th e 
A m e ric a n 
W a te rco lo r s o c ie ­ ty ," C h a p m a n G ra d u a te C e n te r, 
G re a t H a ll, th ru M a r IS. "S o m 
H ou sto n ," e x h ib it fro m the In s ti­ tute of T e x a n C u ltu re s in C o a te s 
L o b b y, th ru M a r 3o 
" O rig in a l 
E d it o r ia l 
C a r lt o n s , " 
C o a te s 
L o b b y. M a r 8 22. 

U R S U L IN E G A L L E R Y , a t the 
Sou th w est 
C ro ft 
C e n te r, 
3oo 
A u gu sta. "F u n c tio n a l F o rm s in 
C la y bv 
M ic h a e l 
Soul. 
M a r 
9 A p r 2o 11:3o-3. M o n F rl. 

W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , 6111 R o s e d a le C o u rt. 
P h o to g ra p h y b y K e n H o llo w a y . 
M o n F r i 9 9, Sot 9 6. 

U T 
H E A L T H 
S C I E N C E 
C E N T E R , r 7o3 F lo y d C u rl D riv e 
396-6327. "28th A n n u a l E x h ib itio n of the T e x a s W a te rc o lo r Socle tv ." th ru M a r 6 
M F 8 5. Sot 
8 noon. Sun 1-5, F re e . 

(In cooperation with the Parka and 
Recreation Dept. City of San Antonio 

TICKETS: 
Subscription Series 
$3 to $6.5o 
Opera 
$5.5o to $12.5o 
A lso available at Record Hole Stores 

Call 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

FAG! IO IXPIISS^IWS SUNDAY MAGAZINf—fob. 27, 1977 

M CNA Y A R T IN STITUTE, 6ooo 
N N ew B ra u n fe ls, 824-5368. N e w ­ ly o ca u ire d g ifts on d is p la y in the 
F ro s t ing h P a b lo P ic a s s t se rie s of e ig h t e tch in g s and the " M is e re re " s e r ie s o f a q u a t in t p r in t s b y 
G e o rg e R o u a lt ( 1922-27), g it! of 
G ilb e rt M . D en m an. G ift of A lic e 
N. H an szen o re w o rk s bv C h a rle s 
E 
8 ir c h f ie ld , W a lt K u h n , P a u l 
M a n sh ip . M a x W eber, G en e D a v is a n d L o u is e N e v e lso n 
F ro m the 
Tom S lic k C o lle ctio n (re ce n tly oc- a u lre d I P o b lo P ic a s s o , G e o rg ia 
O K eefe, L a r r y R iv e rs an d scu lp tu re of ism a u N og u ch i. A lso , top 
S a n A n t o n io a r t i s t , R e g in a ld 
R o w e w ill be fe a tu re d in a one m on e x h ib itio n of h is w o rk o ve r th e p a s t tw o y e a r s in c lu d in g tw enty targe a b s tra c t a c y lic s and tw e n ty to u r m ix e d m e d ia d ra w ings, th ru M a r 19 F ro m the P e r ­ m an en t S y lv a n an d M a ry L an g e 
C o lle ctio n : G e o rg e B ra q u e , H e n ri 
M a tisse , P ic a ss o , P a u l K le e F e r nand L e g e r, Jose C le m en te O ro z­ co, E d v a r d M u n c h , J o a n M iro , 
Jea n D u bu ffet, T o ulo use L a u tre c , 
P i e r r e B o n n a r d , B e n S h o h n , 
A r t h u r O o v e , C h a r le s U m la u t, 
J a c k s o n P o llo c k an d O a li, Tues- 
Sat 9-5, Sun 2-5, clo se d M on. 
SAN A N T O N IO M U S E U M O F 
T R A N S PO R TA TIO N , H e m is F o ir 
P la z a W ay. 226 12o1 ' The A m e r­ ica n 
F a r m ," ph o to g ra p h ic d o c u m e n ta ry fro m s la v e la b o r fh ru the D u st B o l y e a rs , In clu din g m ig ra n t fa rm w o rk e rs . B v E m m a 
C o le m a n , M a rg a re t M o rle y , D o ­ ro th ea La n g e , S olom on B u tch e r, 
L e w is H in e , B e n S h o w n , a n d m a n y o th e rs . A ls o , p e rm a n e n t e xh ib it of v a rio u s m od es of tra n ­ sp o rta tio n D a ily IO 6, v o lu n ta ry c o n trib u tio n s su g g e ste d : a d u lts 
5o cents, ch ild re n 25 cents. 
W ITTE M E M O R I A L M U S E U M , 
38o1 B ro a d w a y , 826 o647. " S a n 
A n ton io Is..." a trib u te lo the city u s in g m u lt i m e d ia a n d a u d io v isu a l te ch n iq u e s p iu s a r ­ tifa cts in a th e a te r-g a lle ry setting, b e gin s e v e ry h ou r fro m 9:3o a rn. 
A s p e cia l e xh ib it In clu d in g w o rks bv Chag al!, D u ty & R e n o ir, th ru 
M a y 31 
" T h e G r e a t A m e r ic a n 
R o d e o :" o rg a n iz e d b y th e F o rt 
W orth A rt M u se u m , a rt of tra d i­ tio nal A m e ric a n re g io n a l rodeos: 
T e rry 
A lle n , 
E d 
B la ck b u rn , 
G e o r g e G r e e n , M lm l G r o s s 
G r o o m s , R e d G r o o m s , A n d y 
M o n a 
G a rry 
W m og ron d, 
Joe 
Z u ck e r, th ru A p r 3. O pe n in g M a r 
IO: C a m p h o l' M u se u m C ollection , u te n s ils fro m th e ta b le s of the fam ous an d in fa m ou s, th ru M o y I. 
W e e k d a y s 9-5. w e e k e n d s 1o-6, v o lu n ta ry c o n trib u tio n s su g g e st­ e d : a d u lt s 5o c e n ts , c h ild r e n u n der tw elve 25 cents. 

HISTORIC 
SAIS ANTO NIO 

A LAM O, best k n o w n m issio n . 
• 'C r a d le o f 
T e x a s 
L ib e r t y , " lo ca te d on A la m o P la z a in the h e a rt of Son A n ton io, 225 1391. 
M on Sat 9 5 3o, Sun HTS 3o, fre e 
B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
O F 
H O R N S , 
L o n e 
S to r 
B r e w in g 
C om p on y, 6oo L o n e S tar B lv d 
226-83o1 P e rm a n e n t co lle ctio n of 
F in s, F e a th e rs o n d F ire a rm s , da tin g b o ck to 1886 O pen d o lly 
5:3o-5 o d utts SI, c h ild re n 6-t2 8. m ilita ry 5o cents. F re e p a rk in g • 
CASA VILLITA, S n P a se o de la V illita , fo rm e r h e a d q u a rte rs of the Soh A n to n io 
C o n se rv a tio n 
Society, now o ffice of " A N igh t in 
O ld San A n to n io .'' spon sore d by th e C o n s e rv a tio n 
S o c ie ty a n n u a lly In A p ril. N ow o p e ra tin g as a T o u rist In fo rm a tio n C e n te r for v isito rs to 
L a 
V illita , phone 
'26" S t 88 
E D U C T , 9o44 E s o a do R oo d 
B u ilt in 1731 bv F ra n c is c a n s , it is the sole re m a in in g s tru c tu re ot 

 i Ci - i J t r ' S 

L U IS R I V E R A 
D ance C om pany will be p re­ senting several perform ances this w eek w ith the 
San A ntonio Sym phony, including a free per­ form ance Sunday. See H oopla aud D ance iii the 
Arts Calendar. 

 its k in d in the U n ite d States. A 
N ation al 
H is to ric 
L a n d m a rk , tree. 
INSTITUTE O F T E X A N C U L ­ 
TU R ES , H e m is F o ir P la z a W ay. 
226 7651. 
C o n tin u in g h is to ric a l d is p la y s on e th n ic g ro u p s w ith film s, m u sic, slid e show s, a r tifocts, dom e show s. 
Tues-Sun 
9 5 c lo s e d 
M o n , tr e e 
C a n 
E d u c a tio n a l 
S e rv ic e 
D e p t fo r ou ided tours 
K IN G 
W I L L I A M 
H IS T O R IC 
DISTRICT. N eig hb orh ood of re s ­ tored V icto ria n and e a rly T e x a s hom es. The d is tric t b e g in s of the co rn e r of K in g W illia m 
Street on d 
Soutn 
St. 
M a ry s of w e 
Anton W ultf H ouse, h e a d q u a rte rs of the Son A n ton io C o n se rv a tio n 
Society. 
F re e w a lk m o to u r p am ph lets a v a ila b le at the W ultf 
H ouse, 1o7 K in o W illia m . 
TH E MISSIONS. To lo u r the four m ission s, follow the M issio n 
T r a il m a r k e r s b e g in n in g o f 
Roosevelt A ven u e a n d M is sio n 
Rood. R oo se velt P a rk . 
JOSE N A V A R R O S T A T E HIS­ 
TORIC 
SITE. 
228 
S 
L a re d o , hom e of fom ou s T e x a s pa trio t, ow ned and m a in ta in e d by T e x a s 
P o rk s & W ild life D ept M o n Sun 
1o-4, od ults 25 cents, ch ild re n 
612 ten cents, c h ild re n u n d e r 6 tre e G u id e d fo u rs 
OLO SAN ANTONIO E XHIBIT, 
H is to ric scen es of O ld San A n ­ tonio, B o liv a r H o ll. L o V illita , spon sored by San A n ton io C o n ­ serva tio n Society, 227-9o42. O pen e ve ry day e xce p t M on , 1o-5 p m . 
Fre e, 
O LO U R S U L IN E 
C O N V E N T . 
3oo A u gu sta 
B u ilt in ISSI. San 
A n ton io s only re m a in in a exa m 

 p ie o f 
F r e n c h a r c h it e c t u r e . 
H om e of Southw est C ra ft C e n te r 
C re a tiv e 
A rt 
S ch ool. 
M o n - F r i 
9:3o-5, v isito rs w elcom e, fre e 
I 
R E M E M B E R T H E A L A M O 
T H E A T E R 
M U S E U M , A la m o 
P la z a 
A m u lti-m e d ia p re sen to - lio n re cre a tin g the sie ge of the 
A la m o D o ily 9 OO to 5 3o o d u lts 
SI.75, ch ild re n 
<4-121 
75 ce n ts, octiv e m ilita ry (w /ID ) SI 25. 

I 
S A N F E R N A N D O C A T H E ­ 
D R A L, C o rn e rsto n e la id in 1748. 
W est side of 
M a in 
P la t a 
227-2197. 
S C H R O E D E R 
7 
Y T U R R I 
H O U S E 
• 
M U S E U M 
A 
A R ­ 
C H I V E S . 1ooo E . C o m m e r c e . 
R estored by the C ity W oter B o a rd for ad ap tive use a s a m u se u m on d a rc h iv e s of the h isto ry of w a te r in the 
San 
A n ton io o rca . 
G ro u p t o u r s o f m u s e a m a r r a n g e d th rough the C ity W a te r B o a rd O f­ fice. IOO! E. M o rk e f St., ph on e 
225 7461. 
S P A N I S H 
G O V E R N O R S 
P A L A C E , 1o5 M ilit a r y P la z o 
M o n S a t 9*5, S u n 1-5, m o r n in g to u rs bv ap p o in tm e n t; o d u lts 35 cents, c h ild re n IO cen ts 
S T E V E S 
H O M E S T E A D 
A 
G A R D E N , 5o9 K in g W illia m . 
225 5924. O w n ed an d m a in ta in e d ov w e Son A n ton io C o n se rv a tio n 
Society, 224-6163. G e rm a n re ­ sid en ce bu ilt in 1876 
D a ily I S, m o rn in g lo u rs by a p p o in tm e n t; ad u lts 75 cents, c h ild re n 25 cents. 
Y T U R R I E D M U N D S M I L L A 
R E S I D E N C E . 257 Y e llo w s to n e , 
534 8237, San A n to n io C o n s e rv o 
Hon Society m o m tain ed abe clo ck stru ctu re , bu ilt 184o-186o. R e sto re ' 

 lio n 
Society m a in ta in e d 
A d o b e block stru ctu re , b u ilt 
184o I86o 
R estored G ris t M ill rn o o e ra tio n 
Open Tues. A Sot 1o-2. w itn g ris t d e m on stra tion s at I) A I on Tues 
& Sat N o od m tsion g ro u p to u r* bv appoin tm en t _________________ 
STARTS WED. 
DON’T MISS IT! 

F e a tu rin g : Big Bird, Cookie 
Monster and other Muppet 
Characters from “Sesame Street,” 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 

WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

WH)., MAR. 2 .......... 8 FJA. 

THUSS , MAR 3 . . . 8 PJR. 

FBI., MAI. 4 ........... 8 PJI. 

SAT., MAI. $............ 2 FJA. 

SAT., MAR. S 
8 FJA. 

SUN., MAI. 6 .......... 2 FJA. 

PRICES: 
TAX INCLUDED 
REDUCED TICKETS NOW ON SALE: 
JOSHE S, SEARS, JAM A JELLY, ARENA BOX OfFICE. 

•CHILDREN 
12 and under 
HAU PRICE 
ALL 

PERFORMANCES. 

* 6 
o o * 5 
° ° > 4 o o 

 by John Lemons Co. 

CUSTOM DRAPERY 

CUSTOM SHADES 

LEVOLOR RIVIERA 

VERTICAL BLINDS 

CUSTOM SHUTTERS 

Contemporary 

A Traditional 

 john lemons co. 
226-5379 

1 3 1 8 1 . G ra yso n St. 

{ B o o k s a t r o c e g r e a t T e x a s h e r i t a g e 

Bv CLARENCE J. 
LaROCHE 

Tho people and the land are the basic stuff three recent books of quality— in content and in production—deal with. 
And the settings are as diverse as Texas geo­ graphy: the Northeast, 
(beat Plains and Hill 
Country. 
Volumes are 
OLD r a n c h e s o f t h e 
TEXAS PLAINS (Texas 
AOI University Press; 
$27.5o), THE TEXAS 
HEARTLAND (Also the 
A O I Press; $21.5o). and 
BETWEEN 
THE 
CREEKS (Encina Press; 
$12.5o). 
The golden age of Tex­ as ranching, some say, began about 187o, during tin1 height of trail driving days and lasted into the first decade of this centry. Vividly, Mendel 
Rogers has captured this area with his paintings of rude abodes, homes and buildings of these Great 
Plains ranches. 
Growth of the ranching business from its begin­ nings is recorded by 
Rogers in 85 superb paintings. These paint­ ings start with the first rude dwellings—shacks, huts, dugouts. adobes—and range ti]) to the splendid Victorian mansions of later years. 

A fascinating introduc­ tion by the artist, a na­ tive West Texan, further enhances the superlative art work and reaffirms the book's authentic his­ torical value. 
"Texas Heartland" is subtitled "A Hill Country 
Year” and combines the outstanding camera ar­ tistry of Jim Bones Jr. and the text of John 
Graves. The latter brings the same keen feeling he senses for places in our state that he showed in 
"Goodbye to a River" a few years ago. His dis­ section and analysis of our Hill Country is one of the most expert and var­ ied this reviewer has read in a long, long time. 
Bones says the photo collection in the book is the culmination of over a decade id- work. How­ ever. most of the plates in the book were taken while he was in resi­ dence as a scholar at the late J. Frank Dobie’s place, ‘ P aisa n o ” on 
Barton Creek near Aus­ tin. 
These color photos gives us some of the most startling, stark and 

 beautiful photos—some minute closeups—made in the Hill Country. 
Again photos and text blend to bring us the passing, .just 3o years ago, of the last really 
"free range" in Texas, 
"Between the ( reeks.” 
Katharine Gust han­ dled the black-and-white photography and Debor­ ah Brown did the text. 
Only in blaek-and -white photos could the sadness and 
‘‘gone fo rev er” feeling and mood be conveyed. 
Ms. Brown, in the brief text passages, captures the sim ple, direct, earthy but eloquent talk of the “ between the creek" East Texans. 
This ‘‘between the creek" area is up near the Arkansas and Okla­ homa borders, between the Sulphur River and 
White Oak Creek. Time did little to alter life here until, first, the great De­ pression, then, by 1942, when the land came in­ 

 creasingly under control of a ranch development. 
The development ac­ quired more and more of the land and, gradually. 

"I don't want to< hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stuff!" 
Call 
225-1666 

A 
U N I T E D 
A R T I B X B T H E A T B E ■ T j 
Uo^p^Howr Doily Until 1:3o 
All Soots $^25^^ 
^ 
M o u 
^ 
On “ TwHjgjht cso-^is 

% i g g i g n g 
7oo * ,s 

I 
„ „ t u , AA A1 rn t i i l l t i n 

1:19-4:o$ A 
7*9* 5o \ 

•tit m-i_ 
\ DAVID CAVADINI IN 
•ss. 

I 
! GLORY” 

1:3o-4:15 
7:oo-9.45 
MO MIMI 
MOMANY 

BOUND 
FOR 

>B PAR* MALI. 

WALCH* M Af IM » ASS I 
‘TWILIGHTS 
LAST 
GLEAMING „ \ I im |S 

NOMINA TIO SOI 
TWO ACADEMY 
AWARDS 
SntftSAND A 
KRIfTOFFIRSON 
A STAR 
BORN” 

1 «3>SBBE9 

1:15-1:15-$: 15-7:1 $-o:15 I 
JHI WAS YOUNG i IIAUIIWI. P 
SHI WAS NIXT ™ 
o 

 sen tin el! 

.a i 
_ 

12:3o-2:45-5:oo-7:1 $-9:3o irs THE 
MOST h il a r io u s 
SUSPENSE r id e o r 
, ii i 
YO U RU TE!J 

^^uJ5^!?o5iTlL6:oo-7:45-9:3o 
A n e p ic fa n ta s y , 

(rf p e a ce \ a n d 
' m a g ic 

 cl • sits ilium lials < minim 
# in Uhuh... 

I SIM: .nisi g lll'S 

A ll III |!m :|II .I 
J lillk: i .ult! 

o 
o 
o 
1 
o 
1 
% 
o (X) 
o 
1 
o 
o 
o 
o 
% 
$ 
MAS. 

 what had once been 
“open range" fur the few oldtim ers doggedly hanging on becam e fenced in ranch land. 

P G # 

I H 4 I N. 11 Ut MWL m s # M s 
R A LP H B A K SH I M L M i l/UIZARDS 
UM” self-ill,Itll: w illo w ^ 
I 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
.na! 

R S 

DOUG 
SAHM r AUGIE 
MEYER 

THE TEXAS 
TORNADOES 
THE W ESTERN 

HEAD BANO 
MARCH 11 

T IC K ET S 
ON SALE 
NOW AT 
TEXAS THEATRE. 
CENTURY SOUTH. 
NORTHWEST SIX 
SAN PEDRO DRIVE IN 

A D M I S S I O N : 
FLOOR $5 OO 
BALCONY • $4.oo 

11 oo-12:35-2:1o-3:45 
5:2o-6:55-8:3o-1o:o5 
"SO HOT IT HURTS \ff 
It,,,* . 
MGH SOCK TY 

At noon on October 25th, the Transcontinental Express left Geneva Station with almost one thousand people on board. 
Their destination: 
Basel, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, 
Copenhagen and Stockholm. 

 wa i» w i,tutjt 
I •* .WM i 
„ A ,. IMM, 
MIW4IA U lK tN 
HK MARU HARRIS 
M I R U S M i t t s ll J SIM PSON 
IJO N t.1 S T A S IU K 
A SS TI K R ! I. 

I S I ,R ill THI I IN 

I I t M K A sH t R*. 

— H i R T I A S I A ST I R m m . i a i n/ i* — AV A I . A H l l S t H - m o a # . 

T H I I AMI A S U R A I R O S S IN I, 

IM O H t t 
M M M I I JOHS MIU It I « • I I I I M U M I 
Al IHA V A H I 
MMI •• ll RIO MM I-M I III 
■ I.M, MASRI, MU I ... Rn RI A I RAI / A I.A •**,., RAS OOM Aim 
| 
• • , R. Mil R I RAI/ ... I I MM.» RAS . I..MAI** RAS AMM,,*, law, t'W. A. ‘ 
............ I A R U I PO N TI - « . « • . I .C O R I.t P a SIO SM A T O S 

M a. . . I mam. . A .* .* i . . . I urn IG AJARI RT 
H HtSTWCTID » 

 b l N I R H I C I N I V A C Q R P U H A flO N r r T r / R . r r v n i 

12:2o-2:46 S^o 
7:1o-9:4o 

MAI 

KOTH 
TMtATIIS 

E 

A Si .MMI A (m o WM PROPlK I ION 
JOU*. IN, .bOMINlOufHI PII URI *1 f Jaw! I) maiMon 
CUNT HUGHtS IMI MARI BORO MAN 
ACHA IS .MAV A PAN AVIS 

I OU*RI IjlS AAI31)111 

WHERE SUMMER VACATION 
LASTS ALL YEAR LONG! 

 su-nnqMARCY ALBRECHI • SHERRY HARDIN • 

KEVIN MEAD • JOHN YOUNG ♦ JOSEPH BUTCHER • m im *i7 i.n r< ¥ zr.Y 7 rm 
They breed her I# commit (he ultimate sacrifice! 

TEACH!! 
It OST IS S M I M 
HIGH 114o15o45$ IO OS 

1oo-4 3o 
7oo-9 3o fXPRESS NtWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— ftb. 27, 1977 PA C I ll 

THE LAST TYCOON— 
Robert De Niro is a movie studio genius with Ingrid Boulting in movie based on F. Scott Fitzgerald novel at the 
Broadway. 

The day 

 they took on 

The Real Power! 

3RD 
WEEK! 

I ORIMAR S AVARIA p.*c**m A GIWA production 

TW ILIGH T'S LAST GLEAMING S un .,B U R T LANCASTER 

Also cilium ) (in ilp h ib rh c il olden ROSCO! U t BROWN! 
• JOS!PM COrnN • MIIVYN 9<v|ulAS 
CHARKS DURNING • RICHARO JAI CKH * WILLIAM MARSHAL! 
CIRACO S OVKSHUN RICHARO WIDMARK ■ PAUL WINMICD • BURI YOUNG 

■Directed by ROBERT AIDHG.Y 

SciMHRitv b, RO NALD M COHEN **d EOWARO HUEBSCH 
Bited on lb* novel Vip** TK*** by W A I TER WAGER 

• Produced b, MERV ADELSON 
I rec un** Produce* HI I MU I J! O il! • Music by JI RRY GOLDSMITH 

Pilots br Tee bate aloe •; 
AN AIUTO ARTISTS A! II ASI O C 

FOX CENTRAL PARK 
UNI o N f° * 
SUN 7 oo 4 TOT OO 9 3o 
MON AT 7:oo-9:3o 

Kl 
«» 

U.A. MOVIES 4 
1:3o-4:15-7:oo 9 4 5 

BEST ACTRESS 
F AYE D U NAWA Y 
BEST ACTOR 
W I L H A M H O L D E N 
• 
PETER ( INC H 
BEST DIRECTOR 
SIDNEY L UME T 
BESTSCREENPLAY 
P ADDY C H A Y E F S K Y r NETWORK 

“ U N I ‘UUSNIHM im , 
FAYE 
WILLIAM PETER ROBERT 
DUNAWAY HOLDEN 
FINCH DUVALL 

NETWORK 

H Alumen# 

( I M 
H * * 
I t ll I H 
I 
AMT BAA 
M W ) ! lo ft* ASH 
12:oo-2:3o-5:oo 
7:3o-1o:oo 

’Will have you shrieking with terror... and keep you screaming for days.” 
-Ran teed NBW YORK DAILY NIWS 

THERE MUST FO REVER DE A G U ARD IAN AT 
THE GATE FRO M HELL... 

SHE WAS YOUNG 

SHE WAS BEAUTIFUL 
SHE WAS THE HEXT, 

Oev sentinel 

CHRIS SARANDON • CRISTINA RAINES 

MARTIN BALSAM • JO H N CARRADINE 
A V A GARDNER • DEBORAH RAFFIN 
• ELI W ALLACH 
JOSE FERRER • ARTHUR KENNEDY 
BURGESS MEREDITH • SYLVIA MILES 
ELI WALLACH 
R Rf JTX IC TIB 

NORTHWEST SIX 12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oooooo 

CENTURY 12.oo-2 oo-4 oo-6oo-8 oo-1o:oo 

: CMCO 1: 15 3 15 5 15-7 15 9 15 

1:13-3:13-3:25 

— 
M T -T H i 
PACI 12 EXPNESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—fob. IF W 7 

 ca. o.EASTM A N CO LO R 
I R IC H A R O H A N N E R S LA U R C L B A H N C TT F R A N K JA N S O N m e bt R O B E R T D A O A S H IA N [ .M M r w m ^ R O S A U f C O L E ] \ K J 

WORLD PREMIERE ENGAGEMENT! STARTS FRIDAY! 

NORTHW EST SIX 

CINE CINCO 

CENTURY 

SAN PEDRO 

UNIVERSAL 

TOWN TWIN 

TEXAS 

VARSITY 

6 
A C A D E M Y A W A R D 
N O M I N A T I O N S 
BEST PICTURE 

LOVING 
HARD! 
M 
Y KAKU! 

^ » He's either 
D 
C 
* headed 
; \ . 7 straight 
•-* 

) N M a A f°r 

“ e ll 
^ or... 
> 

BOUND FOR GLORY 

M H s - S J T ’- BOUNO FOR GLORY ’ 
DAVID CARRADINE « %honky cob MHiNmotuON 
GAIL STRICKLAND « HANDY OUAIO -• 
». ROSHIT QI ICHIU 
«**,.■«» atua. vee. 11 aim >ea> aw. ..WOOD* GUMM i m m i , u QMM) acta Md** 
Bl UMOH . •nAHUcOclVtb'KAI. 
Iv**' 

United Aitis! a 

NORTHWEST SIX 

CENTURY SOUTH 

CINE CINCO 

1:oo-3:5o-6 :4o- 9:3o 

1:3o- 3:5o-6 :4o-9:3o 

1: 1o-4 :o5 -7 :oo-9:5o 

WIZARDS— 
Animat­ ed cartoon takes look at violent future at the UA 
Cine Cinco. 

THIEVES— 
M a rio 
Thomas in a teacher in a tough neighborhood in comedy at the Northwest 
Six and Century South. 

NETW ORK— 
Faye 
Dunaway and 
William 
Holden are two television exectuives having an a f­ fair in satire at the Cen­ tral Park Fox and Century 
South. 

 abc) INTERSTATE 

WONDER 2 

TA S t f lR 
IS B O R I! 

N O R T H S T A R 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 
Cf NIDEY*; 
I O C I M 
V 

TH I BIG SLEEP 
KEY L A R G O 
M ILD RED PIERCE 
N O W , V O Y A G E R 

IT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! 

TU N W ITH DICK A N D J A N E — E d M c M h o n lectu res G e o r g e S e g a l a n d Ja n e 
F o n d a in c o m e d y a t the N o rth S ta r C in e m a . 
O C N K R A L . C I N E M A T H E A T R E S 

 r N O « t H i T A . E V , I . T P A Y m l . J O R M , » n o 1 
BONNIE rp » 
* 
AND 
P F / r % i 
CUDE 
-Mjk 
THEY AIN T. % mf% 
"FUN k r-JfrJm 
WITH DICK & JANE 
EXCLUSIVE 
! p ( 

SKoyy»*^(.ty 
73? 81o7 
If B 

,!45l f i 
4:2o IS 
6 : 5 5 
9:3o I -Y* 

R | l= = J B t S I B I C U D 

'CHATTERBOX" Starring CANDICE RIAL SON 
’ " t : ' * ' 
LARRY GELMAN • JANE KEAN -Guest Stats RIP TAYLOR 
PROFESSOR IR ININ COREY • SANDRA GOULD Songs by Uttael rwit-wnoo 

S T A U T S F R I D A Y ! 
B M M i i 
I , **** ****—* ** »• 
J 
'THE CASSANDRA CROSSING 
12:2o-2:4o-5:oo-7:2o-9:4o 

Parsmounl Pw tupw IVmitL* 
" 
A Ham Spiegel- Elia Kazan Film , 

 j Sam C7*%%p> fwyaaa E fZ/iCy 
CAR WASH 

Cineol ion A b o u t Y o u r IV t? A>k 
A R o m an ce 
“GATOR 

V I E M kSLKH JRl BR M M 

3 : 1 5 - 7 : 3 5 
Every Day in The News 
I M T H T T T I I I I L l 111 ! 1 1 1 X 1 

< MCCRELESS SIP P AIL SHOWS AT ALL TIMES 

T H I 
S E N T I N E L — 
A rth u r K e n n e d y is a p rie s t 

 fig h tin g the d e v il in h o r­ 

 ro r film a t the C e n tu ry 

South a n d N o rth w e st Six. 

Sun -Mon , Match 6 7 public enemy 

M M I CAM T • E U U H M 

DARK VICTORY 

M U I DAM • S U M M E I 

N m . T m , reb. 21 Mar ch I 

NOW. VOYAGER 

M ITI M M • n im 
DAUB 
Casablanca 

Wed Thun, March 2-3 
MMml'Ptent 

 im 
CS AW OAS • AEE H U H 
M M M I DK ASI « L A M I M M U 
TO HAVE AND 
HAVE NOT 

M M I EMMET a LAMBS M O U 
JEZEBEL 

Tun Med Match 1 9 
Adventures of Robin Hood 

(EM U It TEE • M S I M U M M 
Captain Blood 

IM M l l TMI • MIWA M SA V t AM 

Thun Fit , March 1o-11 flu FouNiAirshr Ad 

SAM C S M A • PAtHUA H H 

I I I l l i i I M 
ZI *1 

Sal San . Match 12-13 
Treasure of the Sierra Madre 
M M M ! SEWS I • EM IU MISE 
HIGH SIERRA 
THE CHARGE Of THE 
LIGHT BRIGADE u r n K TES a SAWS EWU 

To m -Wed Ma. 22 23 
T H E Y IMM) W IT H 

T H E I R B O O I S O N 
MSM M U K AM 
AS TMM ti EM St 

M A K K E I ) W O M A N 
Min MHS • MBWM* MMSI 

San-M ot . March 2o 21 

T h e IWiried F o re s t 

HEMMI MUB! a U S U IME AAS 
ARSENIC AND 
OLD LACE 
CAS! CS AET ■ Pl TU IMH 

H O R R O R M U S IC A L — 
The B lo o d y M r. H y d e " stars Rick L a n d m a n a n d 

Susan D ro ke a t the R ive r 

C ity Theater, o p e n in g to ­ 

 d a y See S ta g e in the A rts 

C a le n d a r, P a g e 9. 

 f 
Today at 
V 
/ 
Today at 
’ 

NORTHWEST BIX 
Hi It Bf Ue» 4ID OR* L *m+m Uh 
149*714 
CENTURY SOUTH B 
H U I. .. IU JI w 
«M4MI 
Check display ad for times and policies 
Check display ad for times and policies 
"THIEVES" 
"THIE VIS" 

BOUND FOR GLORY" 
“ N ETW O R K " 

PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAN!" 
“ FREAKY FRIDAY” 

BOUND TOR GLOR* 

"RWK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAHI'' 

“ THE SENTINEL” 
“ FREAKY FRIDAY” 

“ BUFFALO JONES” x 
__ / 
“ THE SENTINEL” 
............... 

 f 
Today of 
San Pedro 
'‘MISTY 8UTHoVXK iUOU 
MV LOVUY" 
SOMITIMK 
V SMET SUSAN 

S A M P E D R O 
IttPtl KRUM O'JYDOOi 
>w* Ped#* et Im**»Ii 
*94 NU 
■> 
Check d isp la y 

 a d for times 
HOLLYWOOD 
HIGH'' 

THE TEACHER’^ 

THI CCO# TMH AP 
4 trk «av 
RST n u OF M U M !" tm a rn* 
POU AIS MMI" 
"MAM TM IMH" 

Ilium 
I:::::::I I J I I J r n 
4 IQS San Pedro 
733 71 OO 

N O 
S M C 
ADM. 

S tanley K u b rk k 't a r m e r 

S Q I 
J , 
1 -5 5 -5 :1 o -8 3 o 
GHL 
12 1o-3:25-6 45-1o oo________ 
Geoge c Scot! i 

"CASABLANCA" and 
"NOW VOYAGER1 

‘MILDRED PIERCE" and 
■ JEZEBEL I 

IAN LELKO 
H i m 
5 t ) I I I N QU I O O O * lin te l 

%mm » « *• rn* litttf. *4 
[.MMM' 
H O ? C *♦#!•*• 

GOOD BAO A UGLY 
7 3o HSTFUl' 1o 3o MWE 
13 IO -"M A N G " 3:3o 
SPEND THE NIGHT WITH CUNT EASTWOOD! 

 r n r n pun: 
1 WORE 

ALL 
SEATS 

* 1.oo 

PIUS 
* STREISAND and ★ REDFORD 

‘ THE 
OTHER SIDE 
OF THE iws) 
M OUNTAIN’ 
. 
THE f 
WAY 
WE 
WERE 

6 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 
(PGI 

W W IH W III 
” t i * f et Seep AIQ «*»( l««e 
.JM 

11:5o-1:5o-3 5o 
5:5o 7:5o-9 5o 

LNIYEB1AE 
C I V Y 
I W 
R 
* 
B 
I H M leeEn Id 
ASS I 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 

6 :o o - 8 :o o - 1 o : o o 

NO BARGAIN 
MATINEE 
NO PASSES 
NO SPECIAL 
ADMISSIONS 
TCKTS 

3 IO O R m m **H 
S I? 1 )1 7 
’ BUFFALO" 7:3o-11:o5 
LEGENDS" 9:2o 
THE UPS AND LEGEND OF 
BUFFALO 
JONES 
SCENIC AND WILDLIFE ACTION 
SHOTS ARE BREATH-TAKING!" 

P G m o t h enema t m a m -a s 

‘ •,o*N M »'l* » 
«Uf NO' N 5 
'M il IO* H I '(U M M ** 

I I 
PLUS AT THE MISSION 
WHEN THE LEGENDS DIE 

RICHARD WIDMARK ANO FREDERIC FORREST (PG) 

 l l 

IF o1 mitt! m ull BAN V IB K O IR j M ISSIO N te tP it v c e iiN o t r o o o i 
1 C _ J t w in o u ' o o o « » m a n t 
W - 
4,«... t< 
I X J4Ie 
I I OO *44.4.4M 

HOLLYW OOD'fiS ;: 
7:3o-1o:5o l e i IO WIW TWM o u rb o o * i h i a 11 ■ 

• I t «(« 
(Ai VU 
TEACHER' 
9:1o 

WHERE 
SUMMER 
VACATION 
LASTS 
ALL 
. 
YEAR 
V 
LONGI ss 
I IM 

PLUS SECOND BIG FEATURE 
"THE TEACHER" IM 
J 

C 
MOTHER 
7:3o 
DUCHESS 
9 25 

X 
I 
- « • 
" M O T H E R , 
J U G S , & 
V S P E R O " 
W a n a w n H H B H n i 

UL 

• O i 
Ie .* Id 
*74 31?* 

IU UAL 
HAWN 

ADVENTURES" 

1 1 : 1 o 

 i i i MMS VMI flCjtpm 
KR 
DHM M A FI rn and 
"THE ADVENTURES OF 
SHERLOCK HOLMES SMARTER BROTHER 

(PG) 

/ 
MISTY 
7 3 o 
EXPOSE > 
9 15 
SUSAN 1o3o i m m r v - * • 
** •'*•*»* »# 
«•« k 
■ * 
Misty 
B e e th o v e n ” 
X 
( X I 

% 

PLUS 
4 
\jX P o S E Mf IQVtLYIx MM ‘SOMETIME SWEET SUSAK" ( f i 

PAC114 IXPtfSS-NEWS LUNDAY M A G A ZIN E R . 27. 1971 

I U 
A I B W MDW Mi I W IN 
B i 
B B . 
* 
■ 
G E J 
O U Y O O O * I MA ATIA 
5 

1 i i 1 i> it * i m 
‘ JOSHUA' 12:oo-3:25-6 5o 
CHARLEY 1:35-5:oo-B:25 

.a *< rn rn «%*m « * ««« a i 4t>* 
’’JOSHUA" 7:3o-11:o5 
CHI 

S lA in n g 
FRED WILLIAMSON 
JOSHUA, 
9!"*iIbiTI! I* 
_ _ _ _ 
M r 
(UM •.'MHCHitt! A ll AC 
. . u n ; 

 po* team Ute 

 g 
NOETH W EIT I 
[H CE N I L L I A u t 
B b i « > t i n 
I 
I W NU! Dr « t IN SS I * . 
R34 A S H 
C 12:oo - 2.oo 
4 :o o -6 :o o 

8 .o o - 1 o : o o a it a a it t it awe 

Bargain matinee daily for theatre capacity for first performance only. 
Why is Norway’s chief assassin after Inspector Clouseau? 

12: oo - 2:oo 
4 :o o -6 :o o 
8: oo- 1o:oo 

Why not? 
Everybody else is! 

I I 
PETER 

SELLERS 

[ CH A RLBY-o MK-K ¥ I 

I f 
» <S3> BICHARD ROUNDTREE, ROY THINNES J 

 r x 

1.44 ie ta « it4 4 *« ' 

D O O R 
7 ) 3 o - 1 6 1 o 

I L A I E 
O w 'O O O f I H I A t l i l l u t * * iM444^fi 
**4 444* 
•EVI • 55-112o 
Marilyn Chambers * Marilyn Chambers 
Behind B a r r e l 
THE GHEEN 
Of 
DOOR 
A 
EVE 

Joh;»n»fc K s w s d y l f c t . . . 
. , 
.. 

NOLTHWEST t i t 
IU I* 41 lM4 41* a* (14,111. I i 

THE PINK PANTHE 
I STRIKES AGAIN 

( IN IIJ B t f . 
1 4 » l R H a 

%W PAA O* . t l H j J S * 
1 :o o -3 :1 o -5 :2 o 
1 2 :o o -2 :o o -4 :o o 
7 :3 o -9 :4 o 
6 :o o -8 .o o -1 o :o o 
Bargain m a t i n e e d a i l y for t h e a t r e c a p a c i t y for first performance only! 

THE FUNNIEST COMEDY 
OF THE Y E p ! 

’GO SEE NEXT YEAR S OSCAR CONTENDER. 
A shiny diamond. Mario Thomas in an 
Academy Award performance!” 
— Hon* B i m ! ABC Ty 

1A WONDERFULLY PUNGfcNT AND FUNNY PICTURE 
THAT IS FRESH, INVENTIVE AND PERCEPTIVE1 
Mario Thomas and Charles Groom are splendid' 
- U B I 

• WARM MOVING AND POIGN AN T Cherie* Grodin is sensational'“ 
— L u Sm.m C oxnopo/.ran 

-MARLO THOMAS IN THIEVES EMERGES AS AN 
EXCITING FILM ACTRESS WHO LIGHTS UP THE 
SCREEN WITH HER SPIRIT AND TALENT' 
—Marilyn arc*. N a * Tot* Times sr " j .14 

' Mario Thorne* it completely enchanting'" 
—JuiS'tti Cital. S a lud a! B a irn * 

RATES HIGH IN EVERY AREA the writing directing and above all the luminous acting You w ont I or gel this movie You'll find your*elt returning to the memory ot its laugh*' 
— France* Taylor WewAouae Nawaoaoara 
THIEVES 
T 
M ltN M R I MCUiBUmMHtl 
MARLO THOMAS CHARLES GRODIN 
, . . 
“THIEVES” 
IRWIN COREY •ere*.**.* * , N I R B O U M I I ee* Bg G IO R G I B A R R I! Btraal 
B IF m c«< •• A. p*a*MH.NTati(A«i 

/ " 
1 2 : o o - 2 : o o 
4:oo 6:oo 

8 :o o - 1 o : o o 

M O L V N W K ft V u t 
(K N IU B If-. l O I R H 
N 
J 
M 
I rn >*el444 <1*1 C 4 *^ a . I I 
*4441*4 
I N I U A w et IS *4 
U t t i n 

NO BARGAIN MATINEE 

12: 1o- 2:1o 
4:1o-6:1o 
8 : 1o- 1o:1o 

A GREAT NEW COMEDY SWITCH! 

WAIT DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS * 

 w j j 
Barbara 
Jodie 
John 
HARRIS FOSTER and ASTIN 
CO it******. 
MARY RODGERS 
Patsy KELLY Dick VAN PATTEN 

^ a MARYROOGtRS v , r . v 
* T h T » t 1 '^ 
■ 
■. 
. RON MILLER t 
. GARY NELSON Tectinicolor ‘ 

“ 
• j 
■ f 
: 
- , 
• i - ‘ t o «s 

» > 

River City & a re a m ovies 

Films showinR this week in San Ant«mio include: 
A z t e c -3 : 
The Joy of 
Letting (io; Sister Street 
F ighters -t- F orced to 
Fight; Hollyw(M>d High + 
Trip With Teacher, 
B r o a d w a y : 
The Last 
T\coon. 

Central Park Fox: 
N etw ork; 
T w ilig h t’s 
Last Gleaming; The En­ forcer. 
Century 
South: 
Thieves; Network; Bound for Glory; The Sentinel; 
Freaky Friday; The Pink 
P^inther Strikes Again. 

Josephine: 
Hanky 
Panky 4- Intim ate Play­ mates. 

Laurel: R«>cky. 

North Star Cinema: 
F'un with Dick and Jane; 
The Cassandra Crossing. 

Northwest Six: 
The 
Sentinel; Freaky F'riday; 
Bound for 
G lory; 
Thieves; Buffalo .lones; 
The Pink Panther Strikes 
Again. 

Olmos: Sun; And Now for Something Complete­ ly Different + Dr. Stran- gelove; .Mon-Tues; Now, 
Voyager -f Casablanca: 
W ed-Thur: 
M ildred 
P ierce 
Jezebel; Fri- 
Sat: The Big Sleep -t- To 
Have and To Have Not. 

Texas; 
Joshua 
+ 
Charlie One-Eye. 

 l ’.\ 4: Twilight’s Last 
Gleaming. 

 l ’.\ Cine Cinco : Wi­ zards; T w ilig h t’s Last 
Gleaming. 

 l'ni\ersal Twin: Dou­ ble E xposure of Holly; 
Buffalo .lories. 

Wonder: Silver Steak; 
A .Star Is Born. 

Woodlawn: 
E rotic 
D ream s; Double Expo­ sure of Holly. 

•HAMM t h c a t h c s 

■ 
M i l 
(IM H* J 

ROCKY— 
Sylvester Stallone is a prizefighter discussing his career with friend Burt Young in film nominated for Academy Award at the Laurel. 

ICH WO<H)14WN 
CHY IWIIY 
I ~ 
I A H 

 l/ibnffom^anmi? 

Todif; 11:2o-1:1o-2:55 NO 
^ U 2 :1 5 -1 :4 5 -3 :1 M :4 o 
4:4o-1:25-1:1o-1o:oo IAI. j f l ^ t : 1 5 - ? : 5 o - t : 2 Q 
"AROUSING 
AND fXCITINC" 
DCtCLE fXPCStCt 
HCLlTx 

12:o5-1: 
3:15-4:5o 
6:25-1:oo 
9:35 

W O O D L A W N 
I A l l 
No 
!»»»«■* tai tm 
Borgoin 
Motineo 

 oftratlB youlov9 

 to g s tM 
(X) 
“INTIMATE 
1T.AYMATE8 

HOO 

(x)A w am sr 

 iii 3 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS! 

“THE SLEEPER OF THE YEAR! Audiences revel in the glow of the romance.” 

C h a r l e s C h a m p l i n , 

L . A . T i m e s 

 a l b e r t S C H W A R T Z . iV R t J R O S E N T H A L 
P R E S E N T 
S T A R R IN G 
* E ll Vt BV J E A N C H A R L E S T A C C h E 11 A 

M A R IE C h r i s t i n e B A R R A U L T • V IC T O R L A N O U * • M A R IE T R A N C E P tS lE R • G U T M A R C H A N D 

G a ijH io m F ilm s P o m e re u • N o 't s a i F ilm D is ! L id 

STARTS WEDNESDAY! 
^OKTNWfil f i t 
■itOotMAiOeili 
EXCLUSIVE! 
Rocsor 
IO 
ACADEM Y r 
AWARD 
^ 
NOM INATIONS 

PICTURE 
BEST ACTOR SYLVESTER STALLONE 
BEST ACTRESS lALN L SMIRE 
BEST DIRECTOR JO H H C AVILOSEN 
BEST SCREENPLAY SYLVESTER STALLONE 
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE .ucon,, 
BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR 

BUirCESS M ERID ITH, BURT VOUNG 

IU st) iikimnc 
TlirH ■ ; T 
-T, HT , 
I " 
.Hi iri jr:- 

 r u tHUIIt M t w iM IIP U 

NOW— I 

Asvwufi 
!•!< t ta IWN if). . IM ivJLS'i 

T 
UwtsdAfttsta 
•OI a m a QMM 

SHOWING .rNEW LAUREL 
V 231o SAN PCDtO - 736-4 5 5 ! 

•OIOfNGKMNIJlO. 
FEATURES 
12 4o-3;3o-5:3o 
7 4o 1o.oo P M. 
NO M. UA, 

I ! . i i I 3 . ! ! I ! . I ' fR PtlSS NEWS SOMOAV R A 6 A Z I I i|.« l* h . I T . I f f ? • ^ 

Soft cowl neck blouses are the latest for spring mixing 

To go with just about anything, these textured polyester blouses are the best when you want a little different look in your spring wardrobe. Cowl neck, cap sleeve tops for slacks, skirts or jumpers mix and match in your choice of solids or polka dots. Choose solids in white, brown, black, red, or navy, and dots in red, navy, brown, or black on white. Sizes 8-16. By Ioanna for Plaza Sportswear, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, and Austin Highland Mall. 
13 OO 

JOSKE’S 
« * A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY OR PHONE 227-4211 AND SAY "CHARGE IT!" 

M G I I * EXMUSS-NIWS SUNDAY M A G AZIN E— Feb. 2 7 , 1 1 7 7 

Chico’s town 

IP a g e 9 

Nude tenants in Austin 

' 

Garbo: 

 film comeback 

FONZ TO QUIT? 

Horoscope 

 calendar for March 

Welfare cheats 

Hollywood's search 

 for a new 
Chico 

See Page I 2 

'pa-.1 jfjjj,’4 

SAYING 
OF THI 
WEEK . . . 
• RONALD REAGAN, for­ mer Governor of California, discussing the 
TV smash 
Roots: ‘‘Very frankly I thought the bias of all the good people md ail the bad n le being a astructive 

 being one color ai ople being another was rath- 

• GEORGE MASTERS Hol­ lywood hairdresser discussing his former client Doris Day: 
“I never saw anyone so bull­ headedly bent on being happy all the time, lier singing really drove me bats. She was always singing and humming to her­ self. Her joy of life drove me quietly berserk.” 
• GINGER ROGERS, ac- tress-dancer bemoaning the lack of movie roles for women: 
‘‘There are no women writers. 
And men don't know the first thing about women. Even men who make automobiles don’t think about women. Every­ thing is made for a man’s big foot, a man’s big hand.” 
• BARBRA STREISAND, a star of A Star Is Bom discuss­ ing her next role: “Give me a screen play with some (exple­ tive deleted) tenderness.” 
• O.J. SIMPSON, football star and entertainer, on his ca­ reer: “ I know I’m near the end in football. When you love something and have to give it up it s very tough Bid I do love acting. I know I can do it and I’m looking forward to doing a lot more of it.” 
• JODY POWELL, Presi­ dent Carter’s press secretary, on breaking his word that he wouldn't return to 
Plains. 
Georgia, for three months: “It may be that sometimes two weeks seems like three months.” 
• THEODORE SORENSEN on being thwarted from taking the top job in the CIA: “Some say that Jimmy Carter helped 
K l the noose around my neck 
I that is not true He helped kick the chair out from under­ neath ’ 

Marlene Dietrich, hip healed, steps out for expensive oysters with steady date 

SOMETHING about the photo above struck Chicago collector Hy 
Roth Ile paid $25 for it. then took it to an expert 
Roth’s keen eye served him well. The prissy gentleman is 
John Wilkes Booth, President Lin­ coln's assassin. As an authentic photo of Booth, the picture’s value shot up 8,ooo per cent to a cool 
$2,ooo 
"I just liked the picture,” Roth said “ It was well posed and well taken and so I bought it.” 
Big sundae for future big star 

QUINN Cummings. 9, receive the World’s Biggest Sundae after nabbing the starring role in Neil 
Simon's film. The Goodbye Girl 
“ It is wonderful.” she said 
“I ve done some television and 
I ve always wanted to do a proper film ” 

Couple$ to get divored after wedding crui$e 
FIRST, he tried to bring New 
Yorkers a flying nightclub It nev­ er got off the ground. 
Then it was a bullfight aboard a string of barges out at sea in the middle of winter. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani­ mals stopped that. 
Now promoter John Hoffman is offering a “giant wedding cruise” for the first 1.ooo persons interest­ ed in paying $5,ooo to be married at sea and then divorced on the return trip by the captain. 

\ 

 v r 
Redford flees film for skis 
ROBERT Redford recently left his latest film, Ordinary People, to catch some Utah skiing “You are truly alone coming down a slope,” the 39-year-old actor said. 
“It is you against the mountain. 
Skiing is one of the most exciting sports in the world.” 
Caroline Kennedy follows in Jackie’s footsteps 

 f arolia* Kennedy with tool of 

CAMERAS have changed and liairstyles are different, but the ambition is just the same 
Caroline Kennedy is following in the footsteps of her mom, Jack­ ie, as a photographer. 
The 19-year-old daughter of the late President John Kennedy has just slimed a contract with a Ger­ man fashion magazine, 
Mode 
International, to provide photo­ graphs and articles for a year. 
In 1963, Jackie Kennedy Onassis signed to work as a photographer for the Washington Times Herald. 

Jackie Kennedy OoassU, 26 years ago. her trade. 

During Jackie’s stint at the pa­ per she met her first husband, 
John Kennedy 
Caroline became interested in photography in the summer of 
1971 when her mother asked pho­ tographer Peter Beard to join her family on the yacht Christina for a cruise. 
Beard loaned Caroline his Le lea camera, gave her a little advice, and she snapped away all sum­ mer. 
Beard said of her work: “ It be­ came a strong interest of hers. 

She has a keen seeing eye and is growing Her photographs show a lot of reeling. 
In the soring of 1975, Caroline held an exhibition of her work in 
London and was beseiged by of­ fers from papers and magazines ail over the world. 
For the oast two years, Caro­ line has talked about turning pro­ fessional. 
Caroline is currently at school at Radcliffe College, Cambridge, 
Mass , and will be there until the beginning of the summer 

# MARLENE Dietrich (left) is alive and well and eating oysters in Paris 
* with her long-time friend, actor Jean 
Pierre Aumont. 
The 
75-year-oid singer actress had been in seclusion since breaking her hip a year ago. When spotted at the exclusive Marius And Jeanette restau­ rant, she told reporters she is busy finishing her memoirs, for which she has already been paid a $2oo,ooo advance. 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

* 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

* 

THE SAN ANTONIO STAB— february 27, 1977 
PAGE 3 

Nude tenants are the answer ta a landlord's money prayer 

EX-JEHOVAH witness 
Terry 
Parker solved the problem of empty apartments when he took over the job of managing a com­ plex. 

He allowed the tenants to walk around the building—without any clothes on. 

When Terry took over the build­ ing last year many of the apart­ ments were vacant. Now there s a 
12-month wait to rent one. 

“I just abolished rules that said oeople had to be dressed—now they walk around nude.” 

Terry. 32. of Austin, Tex., now hopes to turn 7o other complexes into all year round nudist colo­ nies. 

“We started off small with a 
14-apartment complex offering total freedom to the residents,” he said. “Now we are renovating a 78-unit complex in East Austin. 
“After that we intend to take the freedom of dress code into 7o other complexes. They will be all over Austin, Texas—and it’s about time." 
Tile experiment has been profit­ able. From the original concept started in June of last year, ne has been able to raise the rents 2o percent for those lucky enough to get an apartment. 
“As soon as I altered the dress code. I suddenly had a waiting list,” he said. “We will have no trouble filling as many complexes as we like 
People want free­ dom." 
All the apartments that are tak­ ing on the new rules are having big walls built around them with 
IV monitors to guard against peeping toms. 
Tile complexes have swimming pools where residents swim in the altogether. 
“There has been a lot of opposi­ tion,” he said. "But the people who call us weird are the real weird ones 
They are the ones with the twisted minds 
“People don’t value their liber­ ty enough We are giving people liberty. In our complexes people can do exactly as tney please so long as they are not physically ag­ gressive to anyone." 
Parker's nude apartments have a wide range of people living in them. 
“We have laborers to profes­ sional people," he* said “The age group runs from 18 to the middle forties.” 

Farrah, then and now - what a difference nine years can make 

Now Mao’s widow is top of the pops 

THE No I song on the Peking hit parade is about Mao’s widow, en­ titled Indignantly Condemn The 
Wang Dhan-Chiang Yao Gang Of 
Four. 
Among other tunes popular in 
China now are such hits as: Down 
With The Anti-Party Clique Of 
The Gang Of Four, 
Hail The 
Great Victory Of The Crushing Of 
The 
Anti-Party 
Clique, and 
Everyone Is Rejoicing Over The 
Wiping Out Of Tile Four Pests 

COMPARE the photos above and at right. 
When the photo above was tak­ en nine years ago, the busty blonde was fresh off the Uni­ versity of Texas campus and just another pretty face struggling to be noticed amid the glitter and flim-flam of Hollywood. 
Today (photo at right) she is 
Farrah Faweett-Majors, 29, a TV star in Charlie’s Angels, and in constant demand for commer­ cials, magazine covers, and pos­ ters. 
Her husband. Lee Majors, The 
Six Million Dollar Man. says she is the natural successor to Mari­ lyn Monroe as America's sex symbol. Millions of males agree. 
Maturity, not the surgeon, turned Farrah from good looker to Super Face. 
"She was always beautiful,” said her personal agent, but the first pictures of her always made 
Farrah look older and bigger." 
Farrah Faweett-Majors 

WHAT better way to chase the blues from a winter-weary princess' face than a high-fashion shopping spree? Thus Princess Grace of Mona­ co (above right, with her niece Levans Kelly of Philadelphia) jetted to 
Paris recently to catch the spring/summer collection of Japanese de­ signer Hanei Mori. 
The former Hollywood actress, now a matronly 47. ordered several creations for herself, her niece, and daughter Princess Caroline. 
Heston’s game OK, in spite of failing eyes 

SEVERE eye trouble couldn't keep Charlton 
Heston, 43, from chal­ lenging top 
French players recently. " I ’ve played with more good players than any bad player in the world," ne said. 
Glaring film lights have partially de­ stroyed the 43-year-old actor’s e 
‘ 

I nariton Heston nits a few in france. 
A small advertisement in Maine makes American legal history 

Lawyer David Kee 

THE small ad in four recent 
Maine newspapers was a “first” in America — an advertisement by lawyers listing their rates and noting they accepted Bank Ameri­ ca rd and Master Charge. 
The ad appears while the U.S. 
Justice Department is suing the 
American Bar Association over its ban on lawyers advertising their services. Said David Kee. managing partner of the Maine firm: 
“The little feedback we have had so far has been very favorable " 
The Maine Bar dropped its ad ban when sued by the Maine at­ torney general over the issue. 

FELLOWS. KEE I NESBITT 
General Practice of Law 
Main Street 
Bucksport 
469-7323 

David W. Kao. 3affinal Nesbitt. Jr.. Frank a. Fabens (IO U -W S I 
Reciprocal Wino (Husband and W ilt — Its OO Single Wilt - >;s OO Simple Trust - 
Si 23 OO Oaada — S23 OO Hoot Eaiata THI# Wort — 'n OI Ona percent of pu re**:* poet plot Registry luna- Catalan — Fat discussed al First Conference Q uoits* (uncontested with simple properly agreement — S2F5 OO piua filing and Shanti s costs Adoptions — ti2 3 OO pius filing tees Industrial Accident Commission - Employer pays tee Bankruptcy 
— 1275 OO IIH Collecting — V« of amount collected incorporating a Business - S3oG OO pius filing fees. F arsons I Injury Casas — % if settled pr-or to instill*! ng suit Defending 
Operating Under The Influence Caaee — 13oo OO Other Criminal Defense Melters - Fee 
Discussed at First Conference 

There is no charge tor your first conlerar.ee on any matter Bark American! W d Master 
Charge accepted Other credita rrangements availed* 

Advertise men! in Maine newspapers. 

 lured out of hiding 

In fact I’d say his continuing admiration of Julie was one of the biggest hurdles in his now broken romance with Michelle. 
Julie on her part has not been seriously involved with anyone since she and Warren broke up three years ago. And friends say she has never lost her love of Hol­ lywood’s most eligible bachelor. 
At last reDort Rate, one of 
Charlie’s Angels, was anxiously awaiting word from Hollywood to see where she stands. 

★ ★ ★ 

 is 

It's 
Debbie Reynolds and escort Bob 
Gallon as they appeared for A Night In Old 
Russia, a recent Hollywood ball. 

 by Warren Beatty 

GRETA GARBO, once the most beau­ tiful of all actresses who preferred se­ clusion to stardom , is to make a film comeback I m told—and her persuad­ ers are none other than WARREN 
BEATTY and JACK NICHOLSON 
Since the failure of The Fortune, the tal­ ented pair has wanted to do another film together to show they can really pull off a good one. 
They found a script and in it discovered the role of a once-famed actress who goes into hiding. Who better for the part than 
Garbo? 
Nicholson apparently pursued the myste­ rious Swede, who faded away from Holly­ 

 wood three decades ago, before catching up with her' in N&w York. Eventually he got a yes out of her. 
She told him she would do it because he reminded her so much of her leading men of the thirties and forties. 
Meanwhile, Academy officials have in­ vited her to the Oscar ceremony and for the first time since she was Hollywood’s hottest movie property she has hinted she may turn up. 
With girl friend KATE JACKSON filming in Utah for a few months, Beatty has been seen around Hollywood with ex-lover JU­ 
LIE CHRISTIE. 
Close friends say now that MICHELLE 
PHILLIPS is also’out of the picture, the 
Christy-Beatty couple are trying to make a go of it again. 
It seems that Warren has never really given up on the vivacious, if somewhat eccentric, English actress—and neither has she on him 

Dressed like Russian royalty, 
Lucy Arnaz and date Sandy 
Gallin showed up for fash­ ionable film capital ball. 

IT looks like King Kong has come apart at the seam s again . . . only this tim e there’s no beauti­ ful blonde around to make the giant ape lose his head. This huge model of the mighty gorilla was being prepared for shipment at Paris airport for a promotional tour of European cities, where the film King Kong is already a Kong-sized hit. 

HOW TO TURN A m m 
A’S BOY' 
INTO A MAN: DOCTOR 

MOMMA S boys are not bom, they’re made — often by well­ meaning mothers who don't know any better, according to a leading psychiatrist. 
A ‘Momma s Boy’—a man, sin­ gle or married, who hasn t broken 
His emotional ties to his mother — is often the product of a home where the father had too little say in his son s life leaving mom as the heavy, says Dr. Jack Chemus, 
Acting Chief of Psychiatry at 
Gouverneur 
Hospital in 
New 
York. 
He told THE STAR: “This man 
Is a ‘boy’ in terms of his emotion­ al development. But he could be of any age. from puberty to a man in his sixties. 
“The influence of a mother on a son bears a heavy imprint for his entire life A father might op­ pose a mother who is making her son into a ‘Momma s Boy , but odds are she will continue to raise her son that way.” 
Some mothers refuse to let their sons become truly masculine. It starts in boyhood, says Dr. Cher- 
HUS. 
* The mother won t let her son ride a bike, play football, climb a fence, or rough play' with the other boys And when it comes time to date, she usually discour­ 

 ages his positive feelings toward women. 
“Two out of a hundred mothers raise their sons to be * Momma's 
Boys’, lf you think you are one — or you love someone that is — there are things you can do to break away. Dr. Chemus’ advice is: 
• Try to break away. It isnt easy. lf you’re too old to live with 
Momma’ but still do, make plans to move. Realize that you will be 
•panicky’ at first. There are many new adjustments. 
Prepare for the transition. 
• Break the news to your moth­ er without anger. You may be very angry at her for having kept you tied to her apron strings But anger does no good. Tell her calmly you’re moving and that you want to live your own life. 
• Be prepared for her nicely couched phrases that will encour­ age you at first, but discourage you after 
For example, your mother might say: 
‘Well, Its right for you to want to be on your own, but, whoa going to cook for you?1 Respond to her objections by saying that you know what you 

 will be losing out on, but that you feel you will gain by making the move. 
• lf necessary, think about moving to another city But make sure you have a job and an apart­ ment before doing it. 
• If you have been neglecting 
‘women’, or avoiding them, begin a campaign to start going out more on dates. Ask your men friends to arrange a blind date’. 
Overcome your suspicions that women are 
‘after something’. 
Avoid the type of man who puts down women or is always belit­ tling them. 

• Consider your concept of masculinity. It does not mean the false ‘male macho’ thing Rather, it means a man who is independ­ ent of his mother, who makes a warm and tender relationship with a woman, who has a family. 

• lf you have broken away from your mother, you may still keep up a relationship with her by mail, or phone, and visits. 
But be aware that she will still try to run your life. Talk this over with your wife, and enlist her aid. 

The TV divorce of the year is about to take place—and it s not between BARBARA WALTERS and the ABC network. 
Rhoda Morgenstem and her long-suffering screen husband Joe are actually going through with it after months of bickering and sep­ aration on their hard-hitting Sun­ day night CBS comedy Rhoda. 
VALERIE HARPER, who plays the title role, will once again be living as a single woman when the show restarts in September. 
The producers say there won’t be a specific episode about the di­ vorce, but they will convery one is in the offing in the last few epi­ sodes of this season's shows in 
March. 
Joe? You won t be seeing him again except in re-runs. 
All is not well behind the scenes of the new TV show Mrs. Blan- sky’s Beauties featuring NANCY 
WALKER. 
Some network officials now be­ lieve it was a mistake bringing the middle ager into the show and feel it would have appealed more to teenagers if ROZ KELLY, now playing second fiddle, had been given the starring role. 
RED SKELTON is about to con­ clude a multi million dollar deal bv selling 2o years of his TV shows to a syndicate that would re-distribute them. 
The canny comedian owns ev­ ery one of the programs he mack. 
JOHN TRAVOLTA refuses to be photographed unless he knows the cameraman personally. 
The Welcome Back Rotter star wants to be absolutely certain thai the pictures are flattering 

Fancily-attired Olivia Newton. 
John shows up by herself for a Hollywood awards party. 

CBS is now trying to negotiate a long term contract with CAROL 
BURNETT and is ready to put millions of dollars on the line if she will sign up with them for the next IO years. 
The comedienne has already been on the network since 1967. 

BRENDA VACCARO denies that there is any romance De­ tween her and 
MAXIMILIAN 
SCHELL. "I can’t even talk with a man before the papers link us together’’ she says “I have many boy friends but Max isn t one of them” . 
O.J. SIMPSON is rumored to be leaving football again. The rea­ son? After seeing the rushes of 
Capricorn One, Universal wants to sign him to a long term con­ tract that would earn him more than football. 
A fight is now going on between the Buffalo Bills ana the studio. 
Crooner EDDIE FISHER, who has had to devote more time to his marriages than his career during the last decade or so is going to make a comeback. 

 by Winston Daniel Fonzie to quit Happy Days 

★ ELVIS PRESLEY (right) hired new body­ guards after a crank got to him in Las Ve­ gas and threatened his life. Seems he was gam­ bling at a private club when someone walked up and handed him a note He opened it later in his room, screamed, fired his bevy of bodyguards and asked his father to hire new ones. 

Di§eo-Day 

1 1 1 

CL$D€ 

W K KOH H A A K * 
— AOT I’ E O I’ KK 

Newlyweds Loma Luft, daughter of Judy Garland, and Jake 
Hooker, of the rock group The Arrows, prepare to settle down to life on an English homestead. 

Producer DICK CLARK has signed him up for a return in the belief his tones could start a new trend in this hard rock era. 
BARBRA STREISAND is tell­ ing anybody who will listen that she s bitter at the Academy be­ cause it left her out of the nomi­ nations for best actress and A 
Star is Bom for best film. 

JOHN 
EHRLICHMAN^ book 
The Company is being made into a 12-hour TV series by ABC. 

BURT REYNOLDS appeals to be sicker than anyone believes. 
The husky star is in the hospital with girl friend SALLY FIELD playing nurse at his bedside. 
111o phasing out of the MARY 

TYLER MOORE show, one of the best comedy series ever on Amer­ ican 
TV', will leave 
TED 
“BAXTER’’ 
KNIGHT and the deadpan GAVIN MACLEOD free to pursue cabaret careers. 
MacLeod will open at a Bermu­ da nightclub and Knight wilt head for Las Vegas where he will read the news on stage dressed in top hat. white tie, and tails, surround­ ed by leggy chorus girls. 
ELIZABETH 
TAYLOR will appear in her first talk show in four years when BARBARA WAL­ 
TERS gets her and husband 
JOHN WARNER in the spotlight this month on ABC. 
Sharing the show with them will be the SHAH OF IRAN who may even talk about the torture diambers of his secret police. 
To give you an idea how bad this season has been for CBS six new shows were put on the air by network bosses last September and only two — Alice and All s 
Fair — are left. And they are not doing too well. 
Although 
Bionic 
Man 
LEE 
MAJORS and Charlie’s 
Angel 
FARRAH 
FA WCETT-MAJORS both want to quit their TV series, they have contracts that take them through another season of shooting. 

Column rontriltMitions by CHarle* horner, 
Philip Finn and Robin l.t-ach 

All M en ’** A L a d ie s ’ Vail 
A .Spring F a sh io n s 

ONE DAY ONLY! 
FEBRUARY 28TH 

Cash O n ly, N o Refunds, N o Exchanges 

 scw e ase ets&€ r 

W in d so r P a r k W all 
Lp v p I 
O pen * a t .- M o n . I O A .M . lo f» P .M . 

MasterCharge and BankAmericard Accepted 

HENRY WINKLER has re­ portedly told friends that he will try to leave Happy Days, 
TVs number one rated show, after next season. 
His contract will still have a year to run, but The Fonz is hop­ ing ABC will ease him out of the popular role. lf not, he may just walk away 

 for movie career 

 from the program because he wants to go into movies. 

★ ★ ★ 

The evergreen 
RAYMOND 
BURR, who Has perhaps earned more from TV than any other ac­ tor, has put down $25o,ooo to buy an uninhabited island in the Fiji 
Islands. 
He’s already the owner of an­ other one somewhere in the South 

Pacific. 
A promise that PAUL NEW­ 
MAN made to two of his daugh­ ters five years ago finally came true — Lissy, 15, and Clea, ll, rode through the streets of lon­ don on horseback. 
But the actor, visiting his wife 
JOANNE WOODWARD, who is working with LORI) OLIVIER on a TM play, didn t see the specta­ cle He was bedridden in his hotel with a bad cold. 

Paul is all smiles as he gets a big hug from his stepmom, beautiful superstar Jill 
Ireland, at this black tie affair in the nation's film capital. 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

AFTER being married only a short while, I found one fault with my husband—he never woke up in a good mood. 
Recently a friend gave me a beautiful little mutt. On the first morning at home, he ran into our bedroom and proceeded to pull off our blankets, one by one. 
I was sure this would create grumbles from my husband, but when he woke up and looked down at the little doe-eyed pup, practi­ cally hidden in blankets, he had to laugh. 
This is a daily habit for both my husband and our pup. Now I hate to change old sayings, but 
‘A dog is a woman's best friend,” at least, in my opinion Theresa 
McDonald, Portland. Me. 
Aciv mate mtnlel 

THERE’S a new star on one of 
TV’s sit coms who is a breath of fresh air amid a bunch of stereo­ types 
He is Adam Ark in, son of actor 
Alan Arkin, who is the comic hero in the new TV series, Busting 
Ixiose. Unlike other male stars, he's not a finger-snapping 
Mr. 
Cool’ like the Eon/, or a macho womanizer like 
Barbarmo in 
‘Welcome Back Hotter.’ 
Young Arkin portrays a sensi­ tive, often vulnerable, human being— a fine model for some he man types I know. Ya listenin’ fellas?— 
Melissa 
Feeze, 
New 
York, WY. 
Army tiff air 

WE were both sergeants in the 
Army in the ‘5os stationed in Ger­ many, but hadn t met each other until we both look a swim in the same pool. 
Getting the water out of our 

Little pup turned a sourpuss into a happy man 

Adam Arkin: Reader tikes his new male image. 

 eyes after our swim. we were in­ troduced by some buddies. Six months later we were wed. 
And after all these years, my hubby says he still enjoys seeing me after opening his eyes — Mrs. 
Jam es Kisor, C learwater. Fla. 

 h id's quotes 

I FIND that children seldom mis­ quote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn’t have said — Mrs. Bea­ trice Berger, New York, WY. 

Hell system 

WE had just had the phone con­ nected and our teenage son and his friend devised a communica­ tion system of ringing each other. 
Three rings meant one thing, four another, etc. 
The first time they tried it, it 

 rang three times, then stopped. 
About five minutes later, the phone rang and I answered, ll was my son s friend ringing to see if my son got his message — 
Nada Armstrong, Hartford, Conn. 

Smell of home 

MY husband had been away on a construction job for about six months and when he got home he exclaimed: 
‘ Boy, that smells good!” 
"What does?” I asked. He re­ plied as he hugged me: “ Home!” 
— Jean Interlandi, Chicago, 111. 

( a r concerns 

HERE'S a bumper sticker that should stop tailgates: “ I must really excite you. You’re getting so close.”— Arthur ll. Glover, 
Bradley Beach, N.J. 

Money m atter 

HERE S a sign I saw in a finance company window: 
“ Loans for those who have everything but ha­ ven’t paid for all of it yet.” — 
Mrs. B. Bader, Scarsdale, N.Y. 

Etiquette an yonef 

WE were having a disagreement and I told my husband he didn t 

 say ‘please’ or thank you’ enough for me. 
Later, after kissing me good­ night, he said self-consciously. 
“Thank you.”— Olga Swoboda, 
Pittsburgh, Pa. 

Beginner's luck 

WE had been married about three months when we had our first big argument. After we made up, 

 my husband said: “ Honey you must expect this now and then. 
We’ve been married long enough to have run out of beginner’s luck.”— Natalie Brazier, New Or­ leans, La. 

No hello 

MY lriend's husband seems in­ capable of answering the tele­ phone in a normal manner. 
The other day. I telephoned and he answered with: “ Y’es, this is our telephone.” 
— 
Antoinette 
Vale, Portsmouth, N.H. 

Da f fyn it ions 

HERE are my daffynitions: Little leaguer — peanut batter; siesta — droop therapy; group tour — vo­ cational guidance; cousin — man from uncle. — V.F., Portland, 
Ore. 
*** 
*** 

* 

 i f** 

** 

 i f 

North 
Star 
Mall 

P R E S E N T S 

THE 

**ifif*if*ifififififif 
Midriff bulge made my son » SAN ANTONIO J 
* 
BALLET 
* 

MY little boys would watch with amusement when a TV commer­ cial advertising girdles came on 
These ads would always promise to rid the wearer of midriff bulge.’ 
One day in a department store, we passed a counter where a lady was in the process of buying a girdle. 
The younger boy nudged the older one and exclaimed: “ Look. 
Jimmy, that lady’s getting rid ut lier mischievous bulge!”— Mau­ reen Su/ann. Bonita, ( alif. 
Moly is enough 

MY three-year-old granddaughter was eating pumpkin pie with whipped cream and concentrating more on the whipped cream So after the fourth serving of whipped cream on her pie, she asked her daddy for more and he said: “ I think you’ve had too much.” 
She thought for a moment, then 

 get mischievous 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 asked: “ Well, Daddy, can I have too much again?”— 
Margaret 
Krouse, Tampa, Fla. 

Acinus a n d /mins 

ONE day my five-year old daugh­ ter, who was out playing with some of her friends, suddenly burst into the house, tears streaming down her cheeks, and cried: “ Oh, Mommy, I hurt my arm bow '"— Mrs. V J. Nugent, 
Grants Pass, Ore. 

S / hi r i d i n g a r m 

FOl’R-year old 
Erie had been asleep in his crib next to my bed 
PLEASE PRA Y bX)R... 

MY NIECE Raauel . .who went blind at three months, that a miracle will happen and she will regain her sight — R A., Philo, Pa. colter ~ 

Raauel. . .Wi­ en and she will 
MY COSSIN S beloved wife June. . who is very ill from advanced leu­ kemia — Louise J. Johnson, Rosedale, B.C., Canada. 
MY FATHER . .who is in the hospital recovering from a stroke.— 
!)<bbie, Millville, Mass. 
MYSELF. . that I regain the use of my legs after the stroke I had a few weeks ago— Betty Novotny, Bronx, N.Y. 
MY GRANDFATHER. . that he will enjoy his new life in a nursing home -N ancy, Bismark. N.D. 
TEDDY. . .that he might find the right way in life and come back to me and my daughter We need him — A.R.G., Brooklyn, N.Y. 
MY SIX MONTH-OLD cousin . who has to have a heart operation. that it be successful.— Brenda, Danbury, Conn. 
AND all THE STAR readers who asked for prayers. 

 and woke up whimpering and holding his arm. When I asked him what was the matter, he said: “ My arm is sparkling.”— 
Mrs. P.M. Pederson, Minneapolis, 
Minn. 

Shaiv dream 

MY four-year-old daughter had a bad dream the other night and she was telling her brother about it When she was almost finished, she paused and her brother asked: 
“ Well, what happened then?” 
“ You should have come and got in my bed and then you could have seen it,” she replied — Lin­ da look, Avon Park, Fla. 

A ne ie gig 

LITTLE Judy watched as her friends mom tried on her new wig, then recalling her sister s false eyelashes, said: “ My sister wears wigs on her eyes ”— Lit 
Stein, New York, N.Y. 

* 

* 

* 

*** 
* 
* H IE E PE It FOH .VI A Si C ES AT I <3o P .M . * 
********* 

IS­ 

AIAH* TI .‘I. I, 5 

IN THE EAST COT R T 

IX M IO XX OE F ltO S T H O O S. 

I f********* 

$5 
‘ FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

We pay la for each letter printed. 
Address your letters to whichever section you are writing to: Things 
Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply Liveliest Letters, followed by San Antonio Express, P.O. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Texas 78297. 
There is no payment or fee for prayer requests. 

” 
Dear Abby" 

Her Letters Begin. 

She’s iii,* Cal 
With All (he Answers. 
Every Day in The News. 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

¥ 

ANOTHER PULLOUT 
BOOK BONUS 

The Star concludes the story that TV left unfinished 

ABC-TV’s dramatic serialization of Roots, seen by 13o million viewers, told the story of the Afri­ can slave boy Kunta Kinte, his daughter Kiziry. her son Chicken George, and Chicken George's son Tom. THE STAR took up Alex Haley’s book where TV left off, telling of Tom’s daughter Cyn­ thia, her daughter Bertha, and Bertha's son Al­ ex — the author himself. Alex took up writing to kill boredom during his 2o years with the U.S. 
Coast Guard. One day, recalling the tale of Kun­ ta Kinte that had been passed on from genera­ tion to generation, he thought what a good idea it would be to trace his family roots back to Afri- 
By Alex Holey 

On the site of the Waller plantation today: Judge Waller, descendant of Kunta Kinte’s first owner, reads from the family Bible to Benjamin Cole and Annie Thompson, descendants of slaves who worked for the Judge. Also in this exclusive Star photo — the Judge's wife. 
Blocks still work for the Wallers on 

By GEORGE GORDON 
IN Spotsylvania County, Va., where Kunta Kinte was first brought in chains to start life as a slave, the old plantation is still there. 
Blackened timbers and a line of stones mark the original site of the master’s house. 
But just two miles away on the fringe of John Waller’s grounds is the home of his great, great grandson. Judge Absalom Waller. 
Working in his house and in the 
I SO-acres that is left of the estate, are two descendants of the origin­ al slaves. 
Judge Waller. 7H, is proud of his ancestors. He can trace them back to Europe and the battle of 
Agineourt. 
The family settled in Virginia in 
1635. A few generations later we come to John Waller, who ordered 
Kinte to be whipped for his first escape attempt. 
When Kinte made his second escape bid. the whites who caught him chopped up halt his foot, and it was then that Waller’s more humane brother 
Dr. 
William 
Waller bought him and nursed him back to health. 
The Judge savs ol Hoots: “ It was interesting, but I objected to the historical inaccuracies. 

Kunta Kinte’s old plantation 

I LL never quite get over Cousin Georgia s re­ sponse when I told her I was going to trace the family story Wrinkled and ailing, she jerked upright in her bed. her excitement like bovhood front-porch echoes 
“ Yeah. boy. dat African say his name was Kin- tay ! . . . He say de guitar a ‘ko,’ de river Kamby 
Bolongo,' an he was choppin wood to make hisself a drum when dey cotched im ’ ’’ 
Cousin Georgia became so emotionally full of it that I had a time trying to calm her down I ex­ plained to her that I wanted to try to see if there was any way that I could possibly find where our 
“ Kin-tay’ had come from . . which could reveal our ancestral tribe 
“ You go 
'head, boy!” exclaimed 
Cousin 
Georgia. “ Yo’ sweet grandma an' all of ’em— dey up dere watchin’ you'" 
Soon after. 
I was at the National 
Archives in 
Washington, D C . going through microfilm of Alam­ ance County. North Carolina, cen­ sus records just after the Civil 
War. wearily viewing an endless parade of names recorded in that old-fashioned penmanship of dif­ ferent 18oos census takers. 

“ This area is very flat, and the series was filmed in hilly country. 
“ They showed wagons being pulled by one horse when there should have been two. 
“ I can recall conversations with my father, and I know that we never called the negroes slaves. We always called them servants.” 
The judge expressed no regrets over the conduct of his ancestors. 
Ile simply accepts that it was a way of life at the time. “ I am very proud of my family history.” 
Im* said. 
• Benjamin Cole. 73. is a direct descendant of one of the Waller slaves. Today he does part ti*»M* work for the judge in the grounds of the old plantation. 
He cuts the lawns, plants flow­ ers and looks out over the fields where his ancestors once worked under the brutal lash of an over­ seer picking cotton. 
Today, much of the land is rent­ ed out to farm ers for grain crops. 
Benjamin didn't bother to watch Roots. But he and the judge are close friends. Ile joked: 
“ Me and the judge base dis cussed finding a few old graves 

 lorne Green I left) and Robert 
Reed portray Kunta Kinte’s owners John and I>r. William 
Waller in the ABC TV series 

 and charging admission.” 
Ile holds no resentment against the 
Waller family. “ We have come a long way together.” he said. "All those things happened a long time ago.” 
Benjamin remembers stories told to him by his father of condi­ tions on the old plantations. 
“They had leather straps made special to tie people to fences where they would be beat for mis­ behaving. You also got beat if you were caught praying. 
“ You also had to go to bed when the sun went down so that you got a good night's sleep and could get up earlv to work.” 

• Mrs. Julia Thompson is 84. 
She remembers stories from her grandmother, who was auctioned off a block in Charlestown. W. 
Va., before being brought to Spot­ sylvania as a Waller slave. 
Today, her daughter-in-law Meg does housework for the judge. 
Dr. William Waller’s mansion and his original plantation have disappeared. 
The fine old house, where Bell cooked and Kinte wailed outside with a buggy to take the doctor out on house calls, is now barely marked by stones that trace part of the foundation. 
Over the years, the land was sold off in lots to pay debts. Since then some of the lots have changed hands half a dozen times. 
When the slaves were treed, hundreds moved to find work and land outside of 
Virginia. 
But many stayed to continue working on the plantation for a wage 
Their descendants are still in the area, and when Roots was tel­ evised it received a mixed reac­ tion. Many didn't want to be re­ minded of their background. 

Suddenly, in utter astonishment, 
I found myself looking down theres on: “Tom Murray, black, black­ smith—,” “ Irene Murray, black, housewife-—" . . . followed by the names of G randm a's older sisters 
-m ost of whom I d listened to countless times on G randm a's front porch. 

 ll wasn't that I hadn’t believed the* stories of Grandma and the rest (rf them. You just didn t not believe my grandma. It was sim­ ply so uncanny sitting staring at those names right there in official 
U. S. Government records. 

Then living in New York, I re­ turned to Washington as often as 
I could, searching in the National 
Archives, the Library of Con­ gress, and the Daughters of the 
American Revolution Library 

Wherever 
I was. whenever black library attendants per­ ceived the nature of my search, documents I d requested would reach me with a miraculous speed 

Krum one or another source during 1866, I was able to docu­ ment at least the highlights of the cherished family story. I would 

Continued on next page 

\ 

THE STORY OF YOUR FAMILY TI 
How Haley’s trail led b 

From preceding page 

 have given anything to be able to tell Grandma—then I would re­ member what Cousin Georgia had said, that she, all of them, were 
‘ up there w atching’ 
Now the thing was where, what, how could I pursue those strange phonetic sounds that it was al­ ways said our African ancestor had spoken. 
It seemed obvious that I had to reach as wide a range of actual 
Africans as I possibly could, sim­ ply because so many different tribal tongues are spoken in Afri­ ca. 
There in New York City, I be­ gan doing what seemed logical: I began arriving at the United Na­ tions around quitting time. 
It wasn't hard to spot the Africans. 
And every one I was able to stop, 
I d tell my sounds to. 
Within a couple of weeks, I guess I had stopped about two dozen Africans, each of whom had given me a quick look, a quick lis­ ten, and then took off. 
I can't say I blame them—me trying to communicate some Afri­ can sounds in a Tennessee accent. 
Increasingly frustrated, I had a long talk with George Sims, with whom I d grown up in Henning, and who is a m aster researcher. 
After a few days. George brought me rn a list of about a dozen peo­ ple academically renowned for their knowledge of African lin­ guistics. 
One whose background in­ trigued me quickly was a Belgian, 
Dr. Jan Vansina, at the Univer­ sity of Wisconsin. I phoned him and flew out to see him 
That even ag in the Vansinas' living room, I told him every syl­ lable I could remember of the family narrative heard since little boyhood—recently buttressed by 
Cousin Georgia in Kansas City. 
We talked so late that he invited me to spend the night, and the next morning Dr Vansina, with a very serious expression on his face, said, "I wanted to sleep on it The* ramifications of phonetic sounds preserved down across your family’s generations can bt' immense.” 
He said that he had been on the 
(hone with a colleague Africanist, 
’fillip Curtin; they both felt certain that the sounds I'd con­ veyed to him were from the 
"Mandinka" tongue: the language spoken by the Mandingo people. 
The word ko, he said, could re­ fer to the kora, one of the Mandin­ go people's oldest stringed instru ments, made of a halved large dried gourd covered with goat skin, with a long neck, and twen­ ty-one strings with a bridge. 
Hie most involved sound I had heard and brought was Kamby 
Bolongo. my ancestor's sound to his daughter Kizzy as he had pointed to the Mattaponi River in 
Spotsylvania County, Virginia 
Dr Vansina said that, without question, bolongo meant, in the 
Mandinka tongue, a moving wa­ ter, as a river, preceded by 
Kamby.” it could indicate the 
Gambia River. 
I d never heard of the Mandingo tribe' or the Gambia River 
Not long after that, I flew to Af­ rica; Dakar, Senegal, and then 

► rum Mn* tu t* Hi*.I-, (u |» rm h l r, is,6 bt Airt M.,lr> 
* ■ umfciitrti trrtiu n .rf * pm iuii ut this *ork first pt.*rnf m K rad rr't Ibm si tups right > 
1*74 bv Ihr 
Keadrr s lh*rsl A»*urinturn Ii* CubbsArd by luubh w»> -od lumiNHiy lr*- 
- 

 f: 

 w as a baby? 

 ancestor had insisted his name was “Kin-tay.” 
‘‘Our country's oldest villages tend to be mimed for the families that settled those villages centu­ ries ago,” they said 
Sending for a map. pointing, they said, “ Look, here is the vil­ lage of Kinte-Kundah And not too far from it, the village of Kinte- 
Kundah Janneh-Ya 
Then they told me something of which I d never have dreamed of very old men. called griots, still to be found in the older back­ country villages, men who were in effect living, walking archives of oral history 
A senior griot would be a man usually in his late sixties or early seventies; below him would be 

 lh < 

D.yO: In the village of Juffure, in Africa, 
Binta Kinte gives birth to a boy sin* nam es Kunia. 

 on, by light plane, to small Yun- dum Airport in The Gambia. 
I was met in Banjul, the Gambi­ an capital, by a group of men knowledgeable in their small country's history. 
I told these men the family nar­ rative that had come down across the generations. I told them in a reverse progression, backward from 
Grandma through 
Tom, 
Chicken George, then Kizzy, say­ ing how her African lather insist­ ed to other slaves that his name was “ Kin-tay,” and repetitively told her phonetic sounds identify­ ing various things, along with sto­ ries such as that he had been at­ tacked and seized while not far from his village, chopping wood. 
When I had finished, they said almost with wry amusement: 
“ Well, of course Kamby Bolongo’ would mean Gambia River, any­ one would know that.” 
I told them hotly that no, a great many people wouldn't know it! 
Then they showed a much greater interest that my 176os 

*1 w as bawling as I hadn’t since I 

1767: 
Kunia, 
17, is snatched by America’s slave traders. 

 progressively younger griots—and apprenticing boys. 
Senior griots could tell the cen­ turies-old histories of villages, of clans, of families, of great heroes 
I was informed, and there were certain legendary griots who could narrate facets of African history literally for as long as three days without repeating themselves. 
Since my forefather had said his name was “ Kin-tay”—proper­ ly spelled “ Kinte,” they said—and since the Kinte clan was old and well known in The Gambia, they promised to do what they could to find a griot who might be able to assist my search. 
Back in the United States, I be­ gan devouring books on African history. It grew quickly into some kind of obsession to correct my ignorance concerning the earth’s second-largest continent. 
It em barrasses me to this day that up to then my images about 
Africa had been largely derived or inferred from Tarzan movies, and my very little authentic knowledge had come from only occasional leafings through the 
National Geographic. 
After some weeks, a registered letter came from The Gambia; it suggested that when possible, I should come back. But by now I was stone broke—-especially be­ cause I'd been investing very lit­ tle of my time in writing. 
I wrote to a contact at Reader's 
Digest about the compulsive quest 
I d gotten myself into. She invited me to lunch with some editors, and I talked nonstop for nearly three hours. 
Shortly afterward, a letter told me that the 
Reader’s 
Digest would provide me with a three- hundred-dollar monthly check for one year and “ reasonable neces­ sary travel expenses ” 
I again visited Cousin Georgia in Kansas City, and found her quite ill But she was thrilled She wished me Godspeed, and I flew back to Africa 
The men with whom I had pre­ viously talked told me that a griot very knowledgeable of the Kinte clan had indeed been found His name, they said, was “ Kebba 
Kanji Fofana." 
I was ready to have a fit. 
Where is he''” 
They looked at me oddly: “ He's in his village." 
It took me three days of nego­ tiating through unaccustomed endless African palaver finally to lure a launch to get upriver; to rent a lorn, and a Land Rover to take supplies by a roundabout 

CHARI K l W ALLACE 

Armap*lh, Sept. n j, 1 7 6 7 

J U S T 
I M P O R T E D . 
En tit 5Ay L o r d L i c u m i p , Cape. DAVIES, forom the River I i A m b i a , in A f r i c a , un J t< 
6e fold by the ricers, tn A n n a p o l i s , for 
C afh, VT frond Bills o f E n butine, on Maine (Jay the 
•Jib y C M o b r r next, 
A 

C a r g o gI c h o u r n r a i .t h y SLAVES. 
The Jfaid Ship will take TOBAC C O to 
L o p SOK, on Liberty, al (ti Sterling per T o n 

J V 
J ° HN 
J 
DANIEL OI S r . T H O ’. J E N I F E R . 

M B. A ny Peijbn that will contract For a 
Quantity of Lumber, may meet vnth hneuuruge- roeot, by applying to D. T . J e n i f e r . 

Kl 
Al 

1767: Kunia arrives at Annapolis, Maryland, on the Lord Ligonier. Etch­ ing at top from local records. Advert, from M arland Gazette, October I, 
1767, announces sale of slaves—among them. Kunta Kinte. 

 land route; to hire finally a total of fourteen people, including three interpreters and four musicians, who had told me that the old griots in the back country wouldn’t talk without music in the background. 
In the launch Baddibu. vibrat­ ing up the wide, swift "Kamby 
Bolongo,” I felt queasily, uncom­ fortably alien. Did they all have me appraised as merely another pith helmet? 
Finally ahead was Jam es Is­ land, for two centuries the site of a fort over which England and 
France waged war bark and forth for the ideal vantage point to trade in slaves. 
Asking if we might land there a while, I trudged amid the crum­ bling ruins yet guarded by ghostly cannon. Picturing in my mind the kinds of atrocities that would have happened there, I felt as if 
I would like to go flailing an ax back through that fact of black 
Africa’s history. 
Without luck I tried to find for myself some symbol remnant of an ancient chain, but I took a chunk of mortar and a brick 
In the next minutes before we returned to the Baddibu, I just gazed up and down that river that my ancestor had named for his daughter far across the Atlantic 
Ocean in Spotsylvania County, 
Virginia. 

Then we went on, and upon ar­ riving at a little village called Ai- breda, we put ashore, our destina­ tion now on foot the yet smaller village of Juffure. where the men had been told that this griot lived, 
There is an expression called 

“the peak experience”—that which emotionally nothing in your life ever transcends. I’ve had mine, that first day in the back country of black West Afri­ ca. 
When we got within sight of Juf­ fure. the children who were play­ ing outside gave the alert, and the people came flocking from their huts It s a village of only about seventy people. 
Like most back-country vil­ lages, it was still very much as it was two hundred years ago, with its circular mud houses and their conical thatched roofs. 
Among the people as they gath­ ered was a small man wearing an off-white robe, a pillbox hat over an aquiline-featured black face, and about him was an aura of 
* somebodiness.” I knew he was the man we had come to see and hear. 
As the three interpreters left our party to converge upon him, the seventy-odd other villagers gathered closely around me, in a kind of horseshoe pattern, three or four deep all around, had I stuck out my arms, my fingers would have touched the nearest ones on either side 
They were all staring at me. 
The eyes just raked me. Their foreheads were furrowed with their very intensity of staring. 
One of my interpreters cam e up quickly and whispered in my ears, “They stare at you so much because they have never here seen a black American.” 
After a while, the old man turned, walked briskly through the people, past my three inter- 

M piq to feel 
MandinB they had cerning us who had bee 
— and I 
“We h fathers ti from this in that p! in other 
The ol me, as t ered be to recite tory of t been pa across c fathers’ 
It was a1, but being ret 

 i i - 
, 
' j t i 
♦«. »*»< 
THE SA N A N TO N IO STAR— February 77. 1977 
PA CE 9 

»< rn 
Angie Dickinson: Life is lonely without Burt 

 rn a 
'vk 1 

YWk 

 r n . 

T f c k f 
o 
- J 

 v k 
& r n . 

 l h 

 i 

 r n 
,/ jr . 
; 

. irV^Hl " 

Angie Dickinson: Success ruined her love m atch. 

By ADAM EDWARDS 
L IFE at the top is lonely — achingly lonely — for beautiful Angie Dickin­ son. 
Her success as TV's Police Woman has given her all the fame, wealth and independence she’s always longed for. 
But it s cost her the man she loved — her husband of ll years, composer. Burt 
Bacharach. 
And, she told THE STAR in an exclu­ sive interview, she hasn’t found anyone to replace him. 
“ I can’t have an affair with a man un­ less I love him,” said Angie, Holly­ wood’s most dazzling 45-year-old. 
‘‘I haven’t found anyone else to love yet.” 
Angie also disclosed that her success coming as Bacharach^ career declined, was the cause of their shock break-up six months ago. 
She said Bacharach, 47, found it in­ creasingly tough playing number two as she became more famous. 
“I suppose Burt and I knew what we were getting into when I took over Po­ lice Woman,” she said. 
“It meant long hours, late dinners and eight hours sleep-a-night for me to get the engine working properly for the next day. 
“But it was worse than either of us thought.” Now Angie lives a solitary life. 
She goes home after working on Police 
Woman and spends the evenings alone with her 1o-year-old daughter Nikki. 
Her greatest sadness is the slump in 
Bacharach^ career since he was writing such best selling tunes as Raindrops 

•I haven't found anyone else to love yet" 
Burt and Angie in happier days 

Success is poison for Hollywood marriages 

ANGIE Dickinson and Burt Bach­ arach are not the first superstar couple to have their romance de­ stroyed by success. 
The Hollywood landscape is lit­ tered with examples of famous people who have discovered two stars in the family is one too many. 
Some of the victims include: 
• Frank Sinatra, who admitted at the time of his 1967 split with his young actress wife, Mia Far­ row! "Mia and I have problems over the different directions our careers are going to take." 
• Comedian Peter Sellers, who said after ending his marriage to actress Britt Ekland “ I tried to tell her that instant success was impossible but she did not, or could not understand, britt tried to make a sudden rush to stardom through me " 
• Man* Hartman star Louise 
Passer. Married for three years to comic Woody Allen, she explained after their break-up: “At first we honestly thought there was noth­ ing we couldn’t do. that, we were 
(Hie of America s couples But we couldn’t take the pressure " 
• Richard Burton and Eliza­ beth Taylor, the classic couple whose marriage could not with­ stand the pressure of fame and success "It was like living on the edge of a volcano," said Burton. 
"An exciting volcano But with us, it was either all or nothing." 
• Burt 
Reynolds, who said 
' fame broke up his four-year rela 

 tionship with entertainer Dinah 
Shore: "She was apple pie and 
American flag and I wasn’t good for that image. For four years we were the butt of a lot of jokes, a lot of one-liners, a lot of April-De- cember, whatever the hell that means.’’ 

• Barbra Streisand and ex-hus- band Elliott Gould. "Barbra was 

 the biggest thing in the business," 
Gould said. "I lacked confidence and subordinated myself to her. 
My self-respect got all used up." 

• Sonny 
Bono and former spouse Cher. He said: "When we got successful. Cher decided she wanted to drop me and go off and do her own thing. Somehow she got it into her head she was carry­ ing 7o percent of the load. And when a person in a partnership makes an evaluation like that, it's finished.” 

Keep Falling On My Head. "I am having the success and he hasn t had a hit for two years,” said Angie, discussing how they drifted apart. 
Angie and Bacharach had separated before their current split. But they al­ ways got back together. 
They once had a perfect marriage. 
Angie said. "And the only way to work out our problems, we thought, was to miss each other a little bit. 
"But we didn t sepal ate because we are both sex symbols. That wasn’t diffi­ cult to live with It didn't cause jealousy. 
“ It was gratifying to come home at night to a man a Tot of other women would like to be with. 
"Most women would like to go home and find Robert Redford waiting for them. I had my own Redford and Burt had me. 
“It was fun. After all, I don’t think two sex symbols have lived together as a married couple for quite a while, 
Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner were the last. Or John Kennedy and Jackie." 
Before her Police Woman success. An­ gie was quoted as saying: 
"I am a woman. 
Bacharach is my man. 
I'd hate it if I were to become a bigger star than him." 
At the time, her career was in mothballs after a string of so-so films 
"I wanted to devote my time to my daughter," she told THE 
STAR "I refused to take any long movies, go on location or consider a TV series. During those years 

 my career shout.” was a whisper, not a 

Bacharach, meanwhile, was riding a wave of hit songs, gold records and highly-rated TV spe­ cials. Then it all ended for him 
He decided to stop his 'IV ap­ pearances and concert tours and get down to writing more songs 
He also encouraged his wife to pick up the pieces of her career. 
"Nikki was seven when 
I agreed to do Police Woman,” An­ gie said. "The break was good for her. It was time for me to cut her umbilical cord And Burt encour­ aged me not to miss such a golden opportunity.” 
But the "golden opportunity” ended a match that began in the early 6os, when Angie met Bach­ arach after dating some of Ameri­ ca’s most attractive men, includ­ ing John F. Kennedy and Frank 
Sinatra. 
Bacharach, currently touring the country1 promoting his new songs, refuses to discuss his split with Angie. 
He still telephones her regular­ ly, although Angie says she no longer sits by the phone waiting. 
The couple are frequently seen at the same Hollywood parties, but seldom together. 
Angie has no special date. 
When she needs an escort she usually chooses someone from the 
Police Woman cast . 
Bank chief doubles as a priest WF 

MAN MAULED IN SHARK ATTACK 
VOWSTO GET REVENGE 
SURFER Alan Brenneka, 19, who lost an arm to a shark last year, is going back into the sea 
— for revenge. 
"One of them got me, now I want to get one of them,” says Alan, who is planning to kill a shark. 
Alan lost his arm while paddling his surf­ board off Boynton Beach. Fla. The shark mauled him so badly, he lost all but two pints of his blood. 
Doctors fought for a week to save his right arm. eventually having to* amputate above the elbow. 
Alan spent another three weeks in the hospi­ tal and is now waiting for his doctor's permis­ sion to enter the water for his shark hunt. 
Alan's parents agree with his shark hunt project, and his father Charles, an experi­ enced diver, will dive with his son 

 a i u n o t, 
^ mot*ier Beverley said: "We know he 
Aum Brenneka: 
^ \\ never feel completely right again until he 
Revenge dive. has his chance at a shark.” 

LIFE is more than dollars and cents to banker Arthur H. Tildesley. For he spends his lunch hour and every spare minute away from his desk being Rev. 
Tildesley. 
"I have the best of both worlds,” he told THE STAR this week. “An extreme­ ly stimulating job in business, and also a rewarding occupation in the ministry 
Mr Tildesley, a 45-year-old fa­ ther of four, and a banker for more than 2o years, was recently ordained an Episcopal priest at 
St. Mary’s By-the-Sea Episc 
Church, in Point Pleasant, N 
"It was the realization of a dream I have had for years," he said 
Mr. Tildesley, a vice president of the Ocean County National 
Bank in Point Pleasant, said that being a priest enabled him to help customers and to do some work for good in the community. 

 my role as a them in other 

Arthur Tildesley 
I can help 
Pf tin nest ngs.’ 

"I deal with people throughout the day who have all manner of fi­ nancial problems," he said. "In 

Mr Tildesley doesn’t wear his clerical collar to the office, but he is able to get away from his desk at lunch time to do ministerial work at a nearby hospital 
The banker-minister started his studies for the priesthood over six years ago 
"It is a life I always wanted," he said. "But I had been im­ mersed in banking, arui in raising and bringing up a family 
"Then a program was intro­ duced in the church to let people like myself become priests I en­ tered it immediately. It was one of the happiest days of my life when I was ordained ” 

'^Horoscope Calendar cFor cJ\Aarch R 

By Laurie Brady 
SUNDAY 
DAY 

LIZA 
M innelli, born 
M arch 12, 1946, is a 
Pisces, lf you are a 
P isce s then you will be able to talk anybody into anything this month. Snap d ecisio ns turn out w ell and your intuition is m agical. 

ARIES: You need to think mort of others’ Hoods. 
TAURUS: Don't fuss over triflos whon deciding. 
GEMINI: Others jealous of your love life. 
CANCER: Top coneorn is domestic. Have a party. 
LEO: A jaunt improves your mood. Organize thoughts. 
VIRGO: Cycle high. Lots achieved. Glorious day. 
LIBRA: Relationships take on a new glow. 
SCORPIO: ESP is at its peak. Memories emerge. 
SAGITTARIUS: Plan a big social evening. Have fun. 
CAPRICORN: A parent or boss is more receptive. 
AQUARIUS: Listen to your head; not your heart. 
PISCES: A time to soothe relationships. 

ARIES: A conflict with parent or v.i.p. tonight. 
TAURUS: international events may aff oat your life. 
GEMINI: Don't overextend yourself financially. 
CANCER: Cycle low. Mate lotos temper under stress. 
LEO: Heavier workload indicated. Nothing Is easy. 
VIRGO: Make light frustrations with loved ones. 
LIBRA: Avoid provoking family quarrels tonight. 
SCORPIO: Oort feel bereft it letters, calls dwindle. 
SAGITTARIUS: You will lapse into expensive urges. 
CAPRICORN: Cycle high. Put plans into action. 
AQUARIUS: Dont laze around and wait for luck. 
PISCES: Your friends may misunderstand you. 

ARIES: Cycle high. Avoid tension with partners. 
TAURUS: You may decide to seek seclusion. 
GEMINI: Avoid squabbles with friends, loved ones. 
CANCER: Career, home responsibilities dash. 
LEO: Start new projects to ease the pressures. 
VIRGO: You can be unreasonable about money. 
LIBRA: Avoid separations or breaking of ties. 
SCORPIO: You may want to escape from boring job. 
SAGITTARIUS: Some adventure punctuates your life. 
CAPRICORN: You may want out of home obligations. 
AQUARIUS: Friends rebel and influence you badly. 
PISCES: Finances shaky. Don't loan or borrow. 

ARIES: Rash acts can upset family member today. 
TAURUS: Change in plans upsets neighbors, kin. 
GEMINI: Avoid speculative risks, loaning money. 
CANCER: Quarter Moon makes you emotional. 
LEO: You are moody and need te be cheered up. 
VIRGO: Invite now friends home. Try new recipes. 
LIBRA: Parents and mate do not agree today. 
SCORPIO: Oon't overindulge with loved ones, kids. 
SAGITTARIUS: You're tempted to sink financially. 
CAPRICORN: Cycle low. Avoid domed!* disputes. 
AQUARIUS: Ifs difficult to cot work done today. 
PISCES: Money spent for advice, pays off later. 

ARIES: Work Is dona from a sense of duty. 
TAURUS: Persistence, enthusiasm breed success. 
GEMINI: Lasting sympathy comas bom older person. 
CANCER: A good time to do homo chores, cooking. 
LEO: Seek support from relatives or neighbors. 
VIRGO: Career achievements bring security. 
LIBRA: Improve your appearance. Trent yeursnH. 
SCORPIO: Investigate meditation. H improves all. 
SAGITTARIUS: Friends bring happy surprises. 
CAPRICORN: Older confidante has big earner tip. 
AQUARIUS: Professional advice will improve things. 
PISCES: A good day to got loans from others. 

TUESDAY 
WEDNESDAY 
THURSDAY 

ARIES: Tim* out fur family. Dine with parents. 
TAURUS: Neighbors or kin may invite you over. 
GEMINI: De not pnrsuo impractical methods. 
CANCER: Lot your portonoilfy thine. Bo forgiving. 
LEO: Dlsontt personality clashes with lovad anas. 
VIRGO: Friends may net oblige your ovary whim. 
LIBRA: Your aerentt or hots may concern you. 
SCORPIO: Travel pleas change. Contact with othors. 
SAGITTARIUS: Do not arouse jealousy In others. 
CAPRICORN: Cooperate with other*. Avoid arguing. 
AQUARIUS: Improve your physical condition. 
PISCES: Do not InvRc trouble with loved ones. 

8 

ARIES: Good time for innovative planning at work. 
TAURUS: Cycle low. Don't try to overdo now. 
GEMINI: Expect more work, pay; maybt a promotion. 
CANCER: Lovely romance soon comes to fruition. 
LEO: Happy things happan at home. Have a party. 
VIRGO: You am a elavar bargain hunter today. 
LIBRA: Sudden money advantages head your way. 
SCORPIO: Cyola high. You'm bursting with anergy. 
SAGIT: You find lost possession, gain composure. 
CAPRICORN: Pals invita you out. Respond warmly. 
AQUARIUS: You moat some interesting people. 
PISCES: A dream is trying to tell you something. 

ARIES: Rekindle old love. Super chance of sueeess. 
TAURUS: You're irritable with family members. 
GEMINI: Lots of oommunioation. Ask questions. 
CANCER: Seek financial favors. Plan incoma hike. 
LEO: You fad sure of yourself—wise and daring. 
VIRGO: Intamst in oeeult matters is awakened. 
LIBRA: You'll get invitation. Be home by midnight. 
SCORPIO: Watch contact with those in authority. 
SAGITTARIUS: Grass looks greener in distant Raids. 
CAPRICORN: Do not make hasty investmants. 
AQUARIUS: Daalings with othors may changa. 
PISCES: Avoid overindulgence. Improve health. 

ARIES: Avoid disputes with children ut loved o m s. 
TAURUS: Rolativos am willful. Avoid showdowns. 
GEMINI: Relatives aud neighbors am feisty. 
CANCER: Ooa’t dispel savings ar fond too freely. 
LEO: You am moot ally stimulated. Got ideas across. 
VIRGO: SeH-reeMxation thoughts Rood your mind. 
LIBRA: Friends scorn distant and preoccupied. 
SCORPIO: Conflict between ambition and Ideals. 
SAO!!: PostpoM travel plans. Watch TV instead. 
CAPRICORN: Keep ail of your vatuablos safe. 
AQUARIUS: Low eyota puts you on tha defensive. 
PISCES: Do M f he stubborn with co-workers. 

9 

ARIES: Patience will help in financial areas. 
TAURUS: Flam ups can become big tires. Hang on. 
GEMINI: You am disorganized and misplace things. 
CANCER: Loved ones or ebildren make you emss. 
LEO: Some bassie in the home is upsetting today. 
VIRGO: Relatives em feisty and unooeperaRva. 
LIBRA: Bo easb cautious. Computer may snarl bills. 
SCORPIO: A beetle day with emotioas at high Rd*. 
SAGITTARIUS: Confusing day. Avoid drabs and colds. 
CAPRICORN: Frfonds disappoint and upset yea. 
AQUARIUS: Your boss or parent is in a funk. 
PISCES: Postpone out-of-town plans. Bad news. 

1o 

ARIES: Avoid quarrels and opposition ovar money. 
TAURUS: Avoid conflicts and being too demanding. 
GEMINI: Mars spurs work trouble. Try patienoa. 
CANCER: Squabbles with chiidran or lovad om s. 
LEO: Homa is wham troubles strike now. 
VIRGO: Avoid eommuting accidents and strangers. 
LIBRA: Mars stirs monay wots. Sava,-don't spend. 
SCORPIO: Avoid quarrels at this tim*. 
SAGITTARIUS: Your trait of outspokanass flares up. 
CAPRICORN: Friends become quarrelsome. 
AQUARIUS: Avoid rash actions in career. 
PISCES: Avoid getting into trouble with inlaws. 

FRIDAY 

ARIES: Affairs at work gat crossed. Don't accuse. 
TAURUS: Children and romances are emphasized. 
GEMINI: Show consideration to your family. 
CANCER: Look for important announcements. Shop, 
LEO; A good time to plan on increasing income. 
VIRGO: Do all ehoms that make you efficient. 
LIBRA: Have that long-negleoted physical exam. 
SCORPIO: Get eloser to friends. Be sociable. 
SAGIT: Don’t make decisions without consultation. 
CAPRICORN: Bo willing to altar your future plans. 
AQUARIUS: Find ways to aeonomiza. 
PISCES: Daalings with othars subject to changa. 

ATURDAY 

ARIES: Undercover plot makes your job unstable. 
TAURUS: Fuff Moon shakos your love Ufo. 
GEMINI: Expoof so«M domestic changes. 
CANCER: FuN Moon prompts a trip this month. 
LEO: Financial status shaky. Don’t make Investments. 
VIRGO: Problems In eommnnicatfng with partners, 
LIBRA: Pressures might caus# accident or Illness, 
SCORPIO: Friends have tendency to shako you up. 
SAGIT: Temporary carter goal block poults you. 
CAPRICORN: Uneasy feeling may make you delay trip. 
AQUARIUS: Money that's due yon coaid be delayed. 
PISCES: Fall Moon brings you eloser to partner. ii 

ARIES; Good m w s brines ideas for weekend travel. 
TAURUS: You may nom extra moMy next month. 
GEMINI: Sidestep what coaid got sticky tonight. 
CANCER: Yon eon find a bettor way to do the job, 
LEO; Dig ap an old talent or bobby. Dust lf off. 
VIRGO; Make home nicer but do comparison shopping, 
LIBRA: Ba oareful what yon writ* or say tonight. 
SCORPIO: Money Is on top of tho agenda. 
SAGIT: You rati floor, more apt to take chances. 
CAPRICORN: Visll someone lonely or confined. 
AQUARIUS: Friends are helpfnl and eneonraging. 
PISCES: Unexpected career glory falls on yon. 

12 

ARIES: Good news from a loved one makes you happy 
TAURUS: Someone will offer you a loan. 
GEMINI: Pursue any encouragement from others. 
CANCER: You ara ambitious and shine on the job. 
LEO: Trusting and helpless ones need you. 
VIRGO: Use creative impulses to redecorate now. 
LIBRA: A good day to add to your wardrobe. 
SCORPIO: Your earning powers ara stirred up. 
SAGIT: You are in good spirits. Big decisions. 
CAPRICORN: You're relieved of worry over III one. 
AQUARIUS: A new friend may affect your future. 
PISCES: The boss will beam on you today. 

14 

ARIES: Extravagant women cause estrangements. 
TAURUS: Travel plans are temporarily delayed. 
GEMINI: You may be frivolous about spending. 
CANCER: Don't stir up problems unneeessartly. 
LEO: You may ba too dictatorial at work. 
VIRGO: Chiidran and lovad ones ara expansive. 
LIBRA: An upset at home leaves you torn apart. 
SCORPIO: Travel plans could turn out a flop. 
SAGIT: A spending spree will hurt bank balance. 
CAPRICORN: Energy Nigh. You make deelsions. 
AQUARIUS: Puzzling happenings behind the scenes. 
PISCES: Friends may seam to be pieklng on you. 

21 

ARIES: Thii Is a day of enjoyment and pleasure. 
TAURUS: Yon forgot yon* grudges and pat peeve*. 
GEMINI: Favorable day teetofly and ftooMiilly. 
CANCER: A boost In year earner makes you hippy. 
LEO: Some good nows eMoorages you to travel. 
Im heads ye 
LIBRA: Yon may got a gift that brings pleasure. 
VIRGO: A aiM flaaaeia! windfall Made year way. 

SCORPIO: Yan pay more atteuttoo to apMar*Mc. 
SAGITTARIUS; Entertaining makes this a happy day. 
CAPRICORN: Tm may want ta rearrange furniture. 
AQUARIUS: Travel with a friend or relative. 
PISCES: Financial gain Ie likely just In time. 

28 

ARIES: Mercury, Venus ranks family feud. 
TAURUS: Intuition warns you if others are lying. 
GEMINI: You may be living bayend your means. 
CANCER: You are upset by family, carear events. 
LEO: Don't make important decisions until Tuesday. 
VIRGO: Friends may exaggerate or not tell trutk. 
LIBRA: You run into resistance in career area. 
SCORPIO: News from a distance is confusing. 
SAGIT: Misunderstandings arise ever finances. 
CAPRICORN: A minor basti* with mat# upsets you. 
AQUARIUS: Quarrels among eo-workers upsetting. 
PISCES; Clashes develop with kids or loved ones. 

15 

ARIES: Frustrations with friends develop. 
TAURUS: Avoid arguments wlrii boss or parents. 
GEMINI: Travel Is risky. Walt until tomorrow, 
CANCER: PartMr's extravagance may boos* fight. 
LEO: Yan and your mate might right for dominance. 
VIRGO: Jab problems may attest year health. 
LIBRA: Squabbles devoice with loved o m s or kids. 
SCORPIO: Mars stirs ap family conflicts. 
SAGIT: Yon eon Irritate relatives or neighbors. 
CAPRICORN: Extravagance works agoinet yon. 
AQUARIUS: Energy high. Situation tams s rectal 
PISCES: Destiny plays mean tricks. Chin ap. 

16 

ARIES: Good judgment needed with friends. 
TAURUS: Professional boosts ar* in order. 
GEMINI: The travel bug has you ready to be off. 
CANCER: Don't overextend yourself financially. 
LEO: Restrain natural Impetuosity, timing is off. 
VIRGO: Work is challenging. Much job intrigue. 
LIBRA; Sports events help you esoapc hangups. 
SCORPIO: Doing housework gives you good feeling. 
SAGIT: A relative gets you entrees to now places. 
CAPRICORN: Money hard to borrow, save instead. 
AQUARIUS: Fresh start time. Make resolutions. 
PISCES: Conoern for an III pal may dampen plans. 

22 

ARIES: Financially: good day, possible bad night. 
TAURUS: You gat a lot dona with little effort. 
GEMINI: Rost up for a super day next Thursday. 
CANCER: Social life lively. A friend disappoints. 
LEO: Good oaroor day but parant cools you off. 
VIRGO: lf you travel, get baek before nightfall. 
LIBRA: A busy day at work. Health frustrations. 
$SW£!?!J£ hJ,nwprob,f'm ,ac# Y4N* to to bed early. 
SAGITTARIUS: You may have to work lata tonight. 
CAPRICORN; A good day but foroas bloek you later. 
AQUARIUS: Domestic matters take areeodenee. 
PISCES: A busy day ands up dun and dreary. 

29 

ARIES: Laved om s are mere receptive today. 
TAURUS: Yea'll bo so busy with hem* tix-ops. 
GEMINI: Get in touch with neighbors and kin. 
CANCER: Things settle dew*. Yea get lots done. 
LEO: Cycle high tonight. Get things aooempllshed. 
VIRGO: Meditate before changing Ufa’s direction. 
LIBRA: Othors ar* friendly. Social life improves. 
SCORPIO: You got mere respect in career areas. 
SAGIT: Abide by high ideals and aH will he well. 
CAPRICORN: Today may be profitable, productive. 
AQUARIUS: Qrow and develop together. 
PISCES: Cath spent for health is a wise bargain. 

17 

ARIES: Dc not bthave rashly with friends. 
TAURUS: Ton* down temper. Avoid confrontations. 
GEMINI: Newt from a dictate* angers you. 
CANCER: Don't argle over money. Make apologies. 
LEO: Mood is vulnerable to othors. Don't argue. 
VIRGO: lo wary at work. Don't Monte others. 
LIBRA: Yoe col Mow ft with children loved ones. 
SCORPIO: Mars spurs trouble with family members. 
SAGITTARIUS: Avoid losing temper while driving. 
CAPRICORN: Mars stirs up cutting sums of ansa. 
AQUARIUS: A smelt each windfall aimers you up. 
PISCES: Moon oaters your tlgu. Express feelings, 

18 

ARIES: Nice little rewards are coming soon. 
TAURUS: Friends easy to please, make you happy. 
GEMINI: Water eooltr polities ar* obvious. 
CANCER: A lot of oommunioation with distant ones. 
LEO: A day of confusion. Put off financial matters. 
VIRGO: Moments of introspoetion prove invaluable. 
LIBRA: Neptune shakos your job eonfidonoo. 
SCORPIO: Your boart warms. You fool more secure. 
SAGIT: Spiff up home scene. Get carpets cleaned. 
CAPRICORN: Don't daydream while driving today. 
AQUARIUS: Avoid deceptive finaneial praetieos. 
PISCES: Whimsical longings art within raaeh. 

19 

ARIES: Yaur moods will grew mer* intense. 
TAURUS: New Moon stopt ap your social Hts 
GEMINI: New Moon promises more responsibilities. 
CANCER: Yan may start attentive training grogram. 
LEO: Make cunnd provisions for future Mods. 
VIRGO: Teamwork suooeeds today. Don't ba • toner. 
LIBRA You get special assignments at work. 
SCORPIO: The pursuit af pleaeurc is Imports et. 
SAGIT: You will bo vary busy In th* heme area. 
CAPRICORN: Now Meea premise* a trip this month. 
AQUARIUS: Financial developments leek favorable, 
PISCES! New starts, mw objectives premised. 

23 

AMIS: A (ted day to buy toad or Invest meaty. 
TAURUS: tktoriy Maple wW benim you today. 
GEMMA You soy me right thing at the right time. 
CANCER; Ftoanoial prospects ore encouraging. 
LIO: PUM tor butin ess wtt Md eueeesihtfy, 
VIRGO: You benefit from advice el eider person. 
LIMA: l afhueiatm tor work kelps you reach goat*. 
SCORPIO; Teamwork wig oaam pNil oN ukjuutfvua, 
SAGITTARIUS; A goad day tor research, hard work. 
CAPRICORN; Make contacts and wise investments. 
AQUARIUS; Wind ap Important matters. Sign papers. 
PISCES: You think mere clearly, make geed abele*. 

3o 

ARIES: Loved ones upset you and make you angry. 
TAURUS: Kin bring stress to real estate deal. 
GEMINI: Relatives and neighbors upset by you. 
CANCER: Everyone soems to want your cash. 
LEO: Cycle high but so is temper and nervousness. 
VIRGO: You are not thinking too clearly today. 
LIBRA: Friends quarrel.***, but harmony by night. 
SCORPIO: Those in authority are in a snit. 
SAGITTARIUS: Plans for future activities upset. 
CAPRICORN: Security, others' needs in conflict. 
AQUARIUS: Avoid hasty and dangerous extremes. 
PISCES; Co-workers upset you, ill heaitn pursues. 

24 

ARIES: Avoid aoeldonts and bad judgment today. 
TAURUS: Avoid arguments over finaneial matters. 
GEMINI: Cyola high. You may argue tonight. 
CANCER: Your ESP tondonoios roach a peak. 
LEO: A good day socially but friends argue tonight. 
VIRGO: Overdoing oaroor eausos problems at home. 
LIBRA: Friction with in-laws ar those at distance. 
SCORPIO: Avoid going overboard with oradit cards. 
SAGITTARIUS: You oan expect opposition tonight. 
CAPRICORN: Don't upset health overdoing at job. 
AQUARIUS: Consult an attorney or othor advisor. 
PISCES: Homo is a busy place but family upsets. 

25 

ARIES: A detail to overlooked in yam now idea. 
TAURUS: Poetic avo generous. Ask far a raise. 
GEMINI: The Moan sparks wandtriust tor wcekead. 
CANCER: Yaur moods swing lika a pendulum. 
LEO; A confidant# tolls yam secret* 
VIRGO: Aa omptover may want a definite answer. 
LIBRA; Phene eat! makes travel ieee teary. 
SCORPIO: Put something away tm a rainy day. 
SAGIT: Have fua with c m who shares your Hts. 
CAPRICORN: Work takes energy, you notd sleep. 
AQUARIUS: This to a good day to celebrate. 
PISCES: Make improvements to the heme area. 

26 

ARIES: A weekend jaunt rekindles romantic sparks. 
TAURUS: Avoid oxtravaganeo. Got money's worth. 
GEMINI: You have trouble finishing little tasks. 
CANCER: Rest up for a busy day tomorrow. 
LEO: Friends art expensive. Stretch your monoy. 
VIRQO: A good day to do ehtrot In tho homo arca. 
LIBRA: You have patience to advise ethers today. 
SCORPIO: Your gambling Instluats ara activated. 
SAGITTARIUS; Avoid making important decisions. 
CAPRICORN: You quickly accomplish your chores. 
AQUARIUS: Invite someone to share surroundings. 
PISCES: Your judgment is etoudod in homo arca. 

31 

ARIES; You eau help children and loved om s. 
TAURUS: Try ta reuatta your family. 
GEMINI: It's a pleaser* to plan a weekend jaunt. 
CANCER: Rely en intuition in financial matter. 
LEO: You can cop* favorably. Leek for stability. 
VIRQO: Rest up tor the busy evening tonight. 
LIBRA: Friends favor you and help yen with goals. 
SCORPIO: Career are* turns mare peaceful today. 
SAGITTARIUS: Future plans art looking rosy. 
CAPRICORN: Look for now Ideas to add ta inoomo. 
AQUARIUS: Cooperation eon kolp yon read* goal. 
PISCES: Taka tko initiative at work. 

STEVE 
M cQ ueen, an 
Aries, was born M arch 
24. 193o. A ries will live life to the hilt this month. It will be a good time for them to attend parties and entertain. 

© 1977 WORLO NEWS CORPORATION 

ON THE STREET WHERE CHICO LIVED, THEY 

THE SU IC ID E of 22-year-old TV star Freddie Prinze stunned the folks on New York City's 
West 157th Street, where he grew up. Last week THE STAR asked two writers who knew the area to go back there and talk to people who remem­ bered Freddie before he was 
TV’s much-loved Chico. Here is the report — from JOSE 
TO RRES, former world light heavyweight champ and later 
New York Post columnist on 
Hispanic affairs; and 
STAN 
M IE SES, former Star staffer and jazz and rock critic. 
FELICIANO DIAZ, the build­ ing superintendent 
Freddie 
Prinze made famous for say­ ing “ Ees not my job, man,” never laughed at Freddies jokes on television 
It was not that Diaz minded that the jokes were about Puerto 
Ricans or that the most memora­ ble of them poked gentle fun at him personally. 
It was just that Diaz, like oth­ ers in the New York neighborhood where Freddie grew up. watched turn in a different way than the rest of his fans did 
They watched with reverence. 
For them, Freddie Prinze was not merely a comedian 
He was a god 
These were the people who knew Freddie from the beginning when he was a fat. pesky little boy They watched him go from nowhere to somewhere. 
They appreciated the enormity of the leap he made and they loved him for it because it gave them hope They shared in his triumph by putting up pictures of him — like shrines — in their liv­ ing rooms, their bars, their clubs. 
“ We made* a collection among all the tenants to send flowers for his funeral." Feliciano Diaz told 
THE STAR. “ Everyone donated money. He was loved by all in this building ” 
Diaz does not remember Prinze as a complaining tenant to whom it was ever necessary to say “ Ees not my job. man." He remembers him as a friend 
“ Freddie helped me a lot," 
Diaz said “ I had lots of trouble understanding tile American ten­ ants and Freddie was the transla­ tor. And he also taught me to speak English." 
There are other memories. 
“ When Freddie was about 13 or 
14. he became interested in mu­ sic. He asked me to teach him to play the clarinet On the first les­ son he learned as much as I did in a whole year He really had natural talent for music: piano, maracas, the clarinet and drums." 
Al one point, Freddie formed a combo He rehearsed all day long. 
Diaz's voice brok** as he re­ membered something else. “ As he grew and his clothes became too small for him, lie would give them to my kids. Because he liked my children 
“ The day he went to Hollywood he left all of his belongings to my children.” Diaz has six children. 
Proudly, Diaz escorts visitors to the apartment where Freddie grew up It is Apt 64 on the sixth floor — seven and a half rooms with a 7o-fool hall A Dominican family lives there now 
In the room that was Freddie’s, 
Diaz says, “ Freddie liad a psy­ chedelic room 
The roof was painted red and Ute walls were 
Black and white” 
Ile shakes his fiend There is 

STILL SHAKE THEIR! 
HEADS HI DISBEllEI 

Feliciano Diaz: “Ees not my job.” 

Sergio Pena: Local storekeeper. 
Building on West 157th Street, New York, where Freddie Prinze grew up. 
4 He came v/ith his wife but she was not nice. She was too experienced * 

 castorial joint of marijuana But no hard stuff — in those days, never any hard stuff. 
Some people take drugs for a feeling of fitting in. The feeling led Fr 

 one more thing to recall — Fred­ die’s triumphant returns from 
Hollywood. He always came to see his old friend Feliciano Diaz. 
“ He came with his beautiful wife.” Diaz said “ But she was iv it nice like him She was too ex­ perienced for him." 
Diaz puts all his feelings about 
Freddie into one final, eloquent sentence; “He was still a boy." 

DOWN the street, in his bar at 
Broadway and 157th, Jaunt* Vic­ tor Peralta stands next to a pic­ ture of Freddie and also talks about Biose great homecomings, especially the first one. 
“ He sat right where you are sit­ ting now and his wife sat two chairs away," Peralta says. 
‘ What a nice kid. He had not changed. And he came back to see his old. childhood friends His old neighborhood 
“ ! just can't believe it I read it in th* newspapers. I hear it on ev­ ery radio stamen. I see it in every 
TV channel. But I cannot accept it. 
Freddie 
Prinze cannot be dead” Peralta's bar was a fang 

 out for teenage Freddie Prinze. 
It wasn’t because of the booze 
Freddie just liked the place 

“ lie came in almost every night and he didn t touch a drop of alcohol," Peralta said. 

“He drank two or three Coca- 
Colas and then he would go to the public phone in the back and talk to a girl for hours. He was always sober, straight” 
Peralta emphasizes what every­ one else says. It wasn't there in the neighborhood, among his old friends, that Freddie started the drugs and drinking that surround cd his death. Those happened lat­ er 
He did smoke a lot for a kid his age 
“ Freddie used to come here al­ most every night with two black schoolmates to get his usual two packs of Marlboros” said Sergio 
Pena at the El Tope Market. 
“ I used to tell him smoking would stunt his growth. He just got taller and taller." 

And, friends say. he tried an oc­ 

 cluded Freddie Prinze, even as a neighborhood kid. 

"He was just a little chubby kid a lot of the guys used to beat up on." said Freddie Solar, 22. who grew up in the same building as 
Prinze and was his same age. 

"He wasn't into sports too much, and the guy couldn't throw a football. He never got into fights, because he really didn’t know how to fight. 

“ I know he didn't hang out with the Spanish guys. I don’t even re­ member him speaking Spanish. It was pretty funny to us. seeing him as the big Puerto Rican on 
TV” 

Pnnze’s father was Hungarian- 
Jewish His mother was Puerto 
Rican. In a neighborhood where 
Puerto Ricans predominated, he stuck out. 
Manuel Taveras, who also lived 

Bartender Jaime Peralta: 
“He cannot be dead.” 

 in Freddie’s building, told THE 
STAR. “ I used to see this fat kid with swollen cheeks jumping up and down in the elevator trying to touch its roof, and I used to insult him in Spanish, thinking he was an American. 
“ I did it three or four times. 
Then one day, I was coming up with groceries and the fat kid asked me in clear Spanish. ‘Which floor are you going to so I can press the button for you?’ And I was so embarrassed " 
Since “he really didn t know how to fight,” Freddie Prinze learned to defend himself the only way that came naturally — with words. And especially with funny, biting words. 
Freddie Prinze learned to like the laughs he got with his words, and before long getting laughs be­ came his passion. He practiced putting together words so they got laughs as intensely as he had once practiced his music. 
By the age of 16, he was getting laughs as a performer in such competitive New York showcases for young talent as The Improvis­ ation and Catch A Rising Star. 
While his neighborhood friends attended George Washington High 
School, he crossed the city each day to attend the High School of 
Performing Arts, where he stud­ ied the business of getting laughs. 
And after high school, he didn’t go back to the neighborhood and try to fit in. Instead he went to 
Hollywood, where he made a for­ tune telling vast audiences what a funny place the neighborhood had been 

“His background was a con­ stant source of inspiration for him,'' said one of his teachers at the High School For Performing 
Arts 
“ But it also gave him a sense of desperation, a sense that if he failed, he was doomed to be an­ other character in the gallery he created — only not a funny one.” 
NBC is searching for a Freddie Prinze replacement 

CHICO And The Man will go on without its tragic young star. 
Freddie Prinze, who committed suicide in January. 
Producer Jimmy Komack is re portedly convinced that tile show can continue to be successful if the right replacement for Prinze is found Komack is believed to be 

 searching for an actor of Puerto 
Rican or Mexican ancestry, pre­ ferably an-f known. 
The last four completed shows involving 
Prinze are being screened now. 
The final show with Prinze was televised Feb. 25. 
NBC would also like four addi­ 

 tional shows to go on before the reruns begin in April. Nobody knows at this point whether 
Prinze’s replacement will be found in time for the new seg­ ments. but the prospects aren t bright. 
Undoubtedly, the Chico And 
Tile Man reruns will garner tre­ 

 mendous interest as viewers expected to flock to their set glimpse a bubbling, happy, k making 
Freddie 
Prinze c again. 
All of the reruns will be sen lously edited to make certain reminders of Prinze’s death deleted. 

18o6: 
Kizzy, 
16, is raped by new owner, and gives birth to a boy she calls George. 

187o: 
Kizzy’s son. 
Chicken George, and family, now free, set­ tle in Henning, Tenn. 

1875: George’s son Tom won town approval as blacksmith. 

■ 
M 
1921: C> n 
IIK I b I 
' i i 
,tiu, s rn* 
W w daughter agSSHr 
I 
Bertha has his foot chopped off 
Alex escape, fathers a llaley. ter, Kizzy. 

1893. 
Tom’s daughter Cyn­ thia marries. 

 most incredible family group photo: Alex Haley discovers Juffure, the village where his great- 
Kunta Kinte was born (and taken from by slave traders) ana is greeted by his kinfolk after a 2oo-year “separation.’’ up to me. His mine, seeming understand his what they felt con- millions of 
J ilaces that est mat ions translation came: 
I been told by the fore- there are many of us dace Who are iii exile e called America—and aces." man sat down, facing people hurriedly gath­ er him. Then he began 
»r me the ancestral his- 
Kinte clan, as it had cd along orally down turies from the fore- 
:te. it merely conversation- re as if a scroll were 
; for th# still, silent vil- 

Ptctures of early ancestors, as portrayed in 
ABC 
TV series. 
Portraits of Cynthia and Bertha courtesy of Alex Haley. 

 lagers, it was clearly a formal occasion. 
The griot would speak, bending forward from the waist, his body rigid, his neck cords standing out, his words seeming almost physi­ cal objects. 
After a sentence or two, seem­ ing to go limp, he would lean back, listening to an interpreter’s translation. 
Spilling from the griot s head came an incredibly complex 
Kinte clan lineage tnat reached back across many generations: who m arried whom; who had what children; what children then married whom; then their off­ spring. 

It was all just unbelievable. I was struck not only by the profu­ sion of details, but also by the narrative’s biblical style, some­ thing like: “—and so-and so took as a wife so-and-so, and begat . . and begat . . . and begat . . 
He would next name each be­ g ats eventual spouse, or spouses, and their averagely numerous offspring, and so on. To date things, the griot linked them to events, such as “ —in the year of the big water”—a flood—“ he slew a water buffalo.” To determine the calendar date, you’d have to find out when that particular flood occurred. 
Simplifying the encyclopedic sa­ ga, the griot said that the Kinte clan had begun in the country called Old Mali. Then the Kinte men traditionally were black­ smiths, 
“ who had conquered fire,” and the women mostly were 

The youngest son, 
Omoro, stayed in Juffure village until he had thirty rains—years—of age, then took as his wife a Mandinka maiden named Binta Kebba. By 
Binta Kebba, roughly between the years 175o and 176o, Omoro Kinte begat four sons—Kunta, Lamin, 
Suwadu, and Madi. 

The old griot had talked for nearly two hours up to then, and perhaps fifty times had included some detail about someone whom he had named. Now, after he had just named those four sons, again he appended a detail, and the in­ terpreter translated— 
“About the tim e the King’s sol­ diers came, the eldest of these four sons, Kunta, went away from his village to chop wood . . . and he was never seen again. . . . ” 
I sat as if I were carved of stone. My blood seemed to have congealed. This man whose life­ time had been in this back-coun­ try African village had no way in the world to know that he had just echoed what 
I had heard all through my boyhood years on my grandm as front porch in Hen­ ning, Tennessee . . . of an African who always had insisted that his name was “ Kin-tay” ; who had called a guitar a “ ko,” and a riv­ er within the state of Virginia, 
“ Kamby Bolongo” ; and who had been kidnaped into slavery while not far from his village, chopping wood, to make himself a drum. 
I managed to fumble from my dufflebag my basic notebook, whose first pages contained grandm as story. 
After briefly reading, the interpreter clearly astounded, spoke rapidly while showing it to the old griot, who became agitated. 
He got up, exclaiming to the people, gesturing at my notebook in the interpreter’s hands, and they all got agitated. 
I don’t remember hearing any­ one giving an order, I only recall becoming aware that those seven­ ty-odd people had formed a wide human ring around me, moving counterclockwise, chanting softly, loudly, softly; their bodies close together, they were lifting their knees high, stamping up reddish puffs of the dust. . . . 

The woman who broke from the moving circle was one of about a dozen whose infant children were within cloth slings across their backs. 

Her jet-black face deeply con­ torting, the woman came charg­ ing toward me, her bare feet slap­ ping the earth, and snatching her 
Baby free, she thrust it at me almost roughly, the gesture say­ ing “Take it!” . . . and I did, clasping the bilby to me. 
Then she snatched away her ba- 

Continued on next page 

SSO each 

T H E 
S T A R this week launches a nationwide search for the great sto­ ries hidden in the history of almost every American family. 

Hie story of one such family, 
Roots, has made its author Alex 
Haley a millionaire overnight and has fired everybody’s imagination. 

Now we want to hear about the thousands of other great family stories that must abound. We want to hear of the colorful, exciting, perhaps fright­ ening — even unbelievable — tales that you have been told about your ancestors. 

Perhaps they go back to the old country — wherever in the world that might be. Perhaps there are others there descended from Kunta Kinte — great grandchildren oi Torn Murray, the blacksmith in Hoots. Or others who have heard stories passed down through the years <n their slave ori­ gins. 

There must be many too. whose ancestors were here long before the 
Mack OR white men came — descen­ dants ut the proud 
Indian races, maybe even kin of great chiefs like 
Sitting Bull. 

• For the best story received, 
THE STAR will pay $5oo. 

• Ten other prizes of $5o each will also be awarded. 

• And every letter published will earn its writer $1o. 

You do not have to br a writer to participate in this great quest. Just get the person in your family best able to express himself lur herself) to write down the story as you know it. 

Remember, we are looking for ex­ citing, colorful, dramatic, touching, romantic, even terrifying stories. We do not mind if they seem unbelievable, so long as you recount the story as told to you. DO NOT embelish the sto­ ry yourself with fanciful conjecture. 

Letters will become the property of 
The Star and will not be returned un­ less the writer encloses a stumped, self addressed envelope. Closing date for letters: Monday, March 21. 

HIK STAR w ill look into the b est stories, and interview the w riters of them, lf circum stances perm it, we w ill help the writer ol the best letter to dig further into his fam ily’s roots. L etters should be addressed lo: Fam ily Tree. 
I he Star, San Antonio im p ress, P.O. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, T exas 78297. 

Rules of entry on Page I 4 

 ick to Africa 

 potters and weavers. In time, one branch of the clan moved into the country called Mauretania; and it was from Mauretania that one son of this clan, whose name was 
Kairaba Kunta Kinte — a m ara­ bout, or holy man of the Moslem faith — journeyed down into the country called The Gambia. 

In Juffure, Kairaba Kunta Kinte look his first wife, a Mandinka maiden named Sireng, and by her begot two sons, Janneh and Sal- oum. 
Then he took a second wife, 
Yaisa, and begot a son named 
Omoro. 

IO further 

 awards of 

PAG! 8 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— Pebruory V t, 1977 
THI SAN ANTONIO STAR—-February 37, 1977 PA G ! 13 
.....................*......... 
- ■ 
. i .. - .I, T----L_U. 
THE STORY OF YOUR FAMILY TREE COULD WIN YOU $5oo 

From preceding page 

 have given anything to be able to tell Grandma—then I would re­ member what Cousin Georgia had said, that she, all of them, were 
•'up there watchin’.” 
Now the thing was where, what, how could I pursue those strange phonetic sounds that it was al­ ways said our African ancestor had spoken. 
It seemed obvious that I had to reach as wide a range of actual 
Africans as I possibly could, sim­ ply because so many different tribal tongues are spoken in Afri­ ca. 
There in New York City, I be­ gan doing what seemed logical: I began arriving at the United Na­ tions around quitting time. 
It wasn’t hard to spot the Africans. 
And every one I was able to stop, 
I d tell my sounds to. 
Within a couple of weeks, I guess I had stopped about two dozen Africans, each of whom had given me a quick look, a quick lis­ ten, and then took off. 
I can’t say I blame them—me trying to communicate some Afri­ can sounds in a Tennessee accent. 
Increasingly frustrated, I had a long talk with George Sims, with whom I d grown up in Henning, and who is a m aster researcher. 
After a few days, George brought me in a list of about a dozen peo­ ple academically renowned for their knowledge of African lin­ guistics. 
One whose background in­ trigued me quickly was a Belgian, 
Dr. Jan Vansina, at the Univer­ sity of Wisconsin 
I phoned him and flew out to see him. 
That even ag in the Vansinas’ living room, I told him every syl­ lable I could remember of the family narrative heard since little boyhood—recently buttressed by 
Cousin Georgia in Kansas City. 
We talked so late that he invited me to spend the night, and the next morning Dr. Vansina, with a very serious expression on his face, said, “ I wanted to sleep on it The ramifications of phonetic sounds preserved down across your family’s generations can be immense ” 
He said that he had been on the phone with a colleague Africanist. 
Dr Philip Curtin, they both felt certain that the sounds I’d con- 

How Haley’s trail led back to Africa 

•'V t- 

'* W t 

 veyed to him were from the 
“ Mandinka" tongue: the language spoken by the Mandingo people. 
The* word ko, he said, could re­ fer to the kora, one of the Mandin­ go people’s oldest stringed instru ments, made of a halved large drit*d gourd covered with goat­ skin, with a long neck, and twen­ ty-one* strings with a bridge*. 
Hie most involved sound I had heard and brought was Ka rn by 
Holongo, my ancestor’s sound to his daughter Kizzy as he had pointed to the Mattaponi River in 
Spotsylvania County, Virginia 
Dr Vansina said that, without question, bolongo meant, in the* 
Mandinka tongue, a moving wa- ter, as a river; pre*ce*ded by 
“ Kamby,” it could indicate the 
Gambia River. 
I d never heard of the Mandingo tribe* or the* Gambia River. 
Not long after that, I flew to Af­ rica: Dakar, Senegal, and then 

I rum Oh- bunk Hoots Cup) right l»7« bv A k* Hxlr> 
* < ufMfc-fiM-d trru tx i ,A a portion of thin »ork fir* p ored m K radt-r % 
I h g rst <up> right , i t : 4 bv th r 
Hi o d tr * lu g . vt A m u unum 
Uh f*ubti*h*-d b> U w b k 
Ilo ) oimI i. u n ip o d ! 
Im - 
* 

Binta Kinte gives birth to a boy she names Kunia. 

 on, by light plane, to small Yun- dum Airport in The Gambia. 
I was met in Banjul, the Gambi­ an capital, by a group of men knowledgeable in their small country’s history. 
I told these men the family nar­ rative that had come down across the generations I told them in a reverse progression, backward from 
Grandma through 
Tom, 
Chicken George, then Kizzy, say­ ing how her African father -insist­ ed to other slaves that his name was “ Kin-tay,” and repetitively told her phonetic sounds identify­ ing various things, along with sto­ ries such as that he had been at­ tacked and seized while not far from his village, chopping wood. 
When I had finished, they said almost with wry amusement: 
‘Well, of course Kamby Bolongo’ would mean Gambia River; any­ one would know that.” 
I told them hotly that no, a great many people wouldn’t know it! 
Then they showed a much greater interest that my 176os 
*1 was bawling as I hadn’t since I was a baby* 

 ancestor had insisted his name was •Kin-tay.” 
“Our country's oldest villages tend to be named for the families that settled those villages centu­ ries ago.” they said 
Sending for a map. pointing, they said, “ Look. here is the vil­ lage of Kinte-Kundah And not too far from it, the village of Kinte- 
Kundah Janneh-Ya.” 
Then they told me something of which I d never have dreamed of very old men, called griots, still to bo found in the older back­ country villages, men who were in effect living, walking archives of oral history 
A senior griot would be a man usually in his late sixties or early seventies; below him would be 

 snatched by America’s slave traders. progressively younger griots—and apprenticing boys. 
Senior griots could tell the cen­ turies-old histories of villages, of clans, of families, of great heroes 
I was informed, and there were certain legendary griots who could narrate facets of African history literally for as long as three days without repeating themselves. 
Since my forefather had said his name was “ Kin-tay”—proper­ ly spelled “ Kinte,” they said—and since the Kinte clan was old and well known in The Gambia, they promised to do what they could to find a griot who might be able to assist my search. 
Back in the United States, I be­ gan devouring books on African history. It grew quickly into some kind of obsession to correct my ignorance concerning the earth’s second-largest continent. 
It em barrasses me to this day that up to then my images about 
Africa had been largely derived or inferred from Tarzan movies, and my very little authentic knowledge had come from only occasional leafings through the 
National Geographic. 
After some weeks, a registered letter came from The Gambia; it suggested that when possible. I should come back. But by now I was stone broke—especially be­ cause I d been investing very lit­ tle of my time in writing. 
I wrote to a contact at Reader's 
Digest about the compulsive quest 
I’d gotten myself into. She invited me to lunch with some editors, and I talked nonstop for nearly three hours. 
Siortly afterward, a letter told me that the 
Reader's 
Digest would provide me with a three- hundred-dollar monthly check for one year and “ reasonable neces­ sary travel expenses ” 
I again visited Cousin Georgia in Kansas City, and found her quite ill. But she was thrilled. She wished me Godspeed, and I flew back to Africa. 
Hie men with whom I had pre­ viously talked told me that a griot very knowledgeable of the Kinte clan had indeed been found His name, they said, was “ Kebba 
Kanji Fofana.” 
I was ready to have a fit. 
"Where is he? 
They looked at me oddly: “ He’s in his village." 
It took me three days of nego­ tiating through unaccustomed endless African palaver finally to hire a launch to get upriver; to rent a lorry and a Dana Rover to take supplies by a roundabout 

A m 
C H A R L E ! VU A I X A C T 

Anaapdij, Sept. 19, 1767 

J U S T 
I M P O R T E D , 
It1 the Ship L o r d L i c o m i p, Capt. DAVIES, fh m the Hi ter Gambi a, in A f r i c a , and ti 
Ae fo ld Ay the SvAjirilf s, in A n n a r o t 15, f or 
C*jh, VT rand Bitte of Enh.tnge, un We Jut (Jay the 

7 t h ^ o a o b c f n e x t , 

A 
C a r g o of c h o u f h i a i . t h y S L A V E S . 
The /aid Ship will take TOBACCO to 
Le MOON, on Liberty, at A/. Sterling per Ton. 
A 
J ° HN RIDOUT 
/ 
DANI EL o1 S r. THO*. J ENI FER. 

N, B. Any Prison that will contract for a 
Quantify of Lumber, may meet with h n tu u ru g e - ment, by applying to D. T . Jin i n * . 

1767: Kunta arrives at Annapolis, Maryland, on the Lord Ligonier. Etch­ ing at top from local records. Advert, from Maryland Gazette. October I, 
1767, announces sale of slaves—among them. Kunta Kinte. 

K 

 land route; to hire finally a total of fourteen people, including three interpreters and four musicians, who had told me that the old griots in the back country wouldn’t talk without music in the background. 
In the launch Baddibu, vibrat­ ing up the wide, swift “ Kamby 
Bolongo,” I felt queasily, uncom­ fortably alien Did they all have me appraised as merely another pith helmet? 
Finally ahead was Jam es Is­ land, for two centuries the site of a fort over which England and 
France waged war back and forth for the ideal vantage point to trade in slaves. 
Asking if we might land there a while, I trudged amid the crum­ bling ruins yet guarded by ghostly cannon. Picturing in my mind the kinds of atrocities that would have happened there, I felt as if 
I would like to go flailing an ax back through that fact of black 
Africa’s history. 
Without luck I tried to find for myself some symbol remnant of an ancient chain, but I took a chunk of m ortar and a brick. 
In the next minutes before we returned to the Baddibu. I just gazed up and down that river that my ancestor had named for his daughter far across the Atlantic 
Ocean in Spotsylvania County, 
Virginia. 
Then we went on. and upon ar­ riving at a little village called Ai- breda, we put ashore, our destina­ tion now on foot the yet smaller village of Juffure, where the men had been told that this griot lived. 
There is an expression called 

“the peak experience”—that which emotionally nothing in your life ever transcends. I’ve had mine, that first day in the 
We: back country of black West Afri­ ca. 
When we got within sight of Juf­ fure, the children who were play­ ing outside gave the alert, and the people came flocking from their huts. It’s a village of only about seventy people. 
Like most back-country vil­ lages, it was still very much as it was two hundred years ago, with its circular mud houses and their conical thatched roofs. 
Among the people as they gath­ ered was a small man wearing an off-white robe, a pillbox hat over an aquiline-featured black face, and about him was an aura of 
“ somebodiness.” I knew he was the man we had come to see and hear. 
As the three interpreters left our party to converge upon him, the seventy-odd other villagers gathered closely around me, in a kind of horseshoe pattern, three or four deep all around; had I stuck out my arm s, my fingers would have touched the nearest ones on either side. 
They were all staring at me. 
The eyes just raked me. Their foreheads were furrowed with their very intensity of staring. 
One (rf my interpreters cam e up quickly and whispered in my ears, “They stare at you so much because they have never here seen a black American.” 
After a while, the old man turned, walked briskly through the people, past my three inter- 

 l l * 'r 

179o: Kunta, 4o. his foot chopped off for trying to escape, fathers a daughter, Kizzy. 

18o6: 
Kizzy, 
16, is raped by new owner, and gives birth to a boy she calls George. 

1921: Cyn­ thia's daughter 
Bertha has son: 
Alex 
Halev. 

187o: 
Kizzy’s son. 
Chicken George, and family, now free, set­ tle in Henning. Tenn. 

1875: George’s son Tom won town approval as blacksmith. 

 s r . ' / v 

1967: The world's most incredible family group photo: Alex Haley discovers Juffure, the village where his great- great great-great-grandfather Kunta Kinte was born land taken from by slave traders! and is greeted by his kinfolk after a 2oo-year “ separation.” s, and right up to me. His piercing into mine, seeming to feel I should understand his 
Mandinka. he expressed what they had all decided they felt con­ cerning those unseen millions of us who lived in those places that had been slave ships’ destinations 
— and the translation came: 
“We have been told by the fore­ fathers that there are many of us from this place who are in exile in that place called America—and in other places.” 
The old man sat down, facing 

Picture* of early an cestors, aa portrayed 
In 
A B C 
TV series. 
Portraits of Cynthia and Bertha courtesy of Alex H aley. 

 me, as the people hurriedly gath- ia him. Then he began to recite for me the ancestral nis- ered behinc 

 tory of the Kinte clan, as it had been passed along orally down across centuries from the fore­ fathers’ time. 
It was not merely’ conversation­ al, but more as if a scroll were being read; for the still, silent vil­ 

 lagers, it was clearly a formal occasion. 
The griot would speak, bending forward from the waist, his body rigid, his neck cords standing out, his words seeming almost physi­ cal objects. 
After a sentence or two, seem­ ing to go limp, he would lean back, listening to an interpreter’s translation. 
Spilling from the griot*s head came an incredibly complex 
Kinte clan lineage that reached back across many generations, who m arried whom; who had what children; what children then married whom; then their off­ spring. 

 itters and weavers. In time, one ranch of the clan moved into the country called Mauretania; and it was from M auretania that one son of this clan, whose name was 
Kairaba Kunta Kinte — a m ara­ bout, or holy man of the Moslem faith — journeyed down into the country called The Gambia. 

In Juffure, Kairaba Kunta Kinte took his first wife, a Mandinka maiden named Sireng, and by her begot two sons, Janneh and Sal- oum. 
Then he took a second wife, 
Yaisa, and begot a son named 
Omoro. 
The youngest son, 
Omoro, stayed in Juffure village until he had thirty rains—years—of age, then took as his wife a Mandinka 

It was all just unbelievable. I was struck not only by the profu­ sion of details, but also by the narrative’s biblical style, some­ thing like: “—and so-and-so took as a wife so-and-so, and begat . . . and begat . . . and begat . . .” 
He would next name each be­ g ats eventual spouse, or spouses, and their averagely numerous offspring, and so on 
To date things, the griot bnked them to events, such as “—in the year of the big w ater”—a flood—“ he slew a water buffalo." To determine the calendar date, you’d have to find out when that particular flood occurred. 
Amplifying the encyclopedic sa­ ga, the griot said that the Kinte clan had begun in the country called Old Mali. Then the Kinte men traditionally were black smiths, 
“ who had conquered fire," and the women mostly were 

 maiden named Binta Kebba. By 
Binta Kebba, roughly between the 
S ears 175o and 176o, Omoro Kinte egat four sons—Kunta, Lamin, 
Suwadu, and Madi. 

The old griot had talked for nearly two hours up to then, and perhaps fifty tim es had included some detail about someone whom he had named. Now, after he had just named those four sons, again he appended a detail, and the in­ terpreter translated— 
“About the tim e the King’s sol­ diers came, the eldest of these four sons, Kunta, went away from his village to chop wood . . . and he was never seen again. . . .” 
I sat as if I were carved of stone. My blood seemed to have congealed. This man whose life­ time had been in this back-coun­ try’ African village had no way in the world to know that he had just echoed what I had heard all through my boyhood years on my grandma's front porch in Hen­ ning, Tennessee . . . of an African who always had insisted that his name was “ Kin-tay"; who had called a guitar a “ ko," and a riv­ er within the state of Virginia, 
"Kamby Bolongo"; and who had been kidnaped into slavery while not far from his village, chopping wood, to make himself a drum. 
I managed to fumble from my dufflebag my basic notebook, whose first pages contained grandma's story. 
After briefly reading, the interpreter clearly astounded, spoke rapidly while showing it to the old griot, who became agitated. 
He got up, exclaiming to the people, gesturing at my notebook in the interpreter’s hands, and they all got agitated. 
I don’t rem ember hearing any­ one giving an order, I only recall becoming aware that those seven­ ty-odd people tiad formed a wide human ring around me, moving counterclockwise, chanting softly, loudly, softly; their bodies close together, they were lifting their knees high, stamping up reddish puffs of the dust. . . . 

The woman who broke from the moving circle was one of about a dozen whose infant children were within cloth slings across their backs 

Her jet-black face deeply con­ torting, the woman came charg­ ing toward me, her bare feet slap­ ping the earth, and snatching her baby free, she thrust it at me almost roughly, the gesture say­ ing “Take it!" . . . and I did, clasping the baby to me. 
Then she snatched away her ba- 

Continued on next page 

IO further 

 awards off 

$5o each 

THE 
STAR this week launches a nationwide search for the great sto­ ries hidden in the history of almost every American family. 

Hie story of one such family. 
Roots, has made its author Alex 
Haley a millionaire overnight and has fired everybody's imagination. 

Now we want to hear about the thousands of other great family stories that must abound. We want to hear of the colorful, exciting, perhaps fright­ ening — even unbelievable — tales that you have been told about your ancestors. 

Perhaps they go back to the old country — wherever in the world that might be. Perhaps there are others there descended I rum Kunta Kinte — great grandchildren ut Tom Murray, the blacksmith in Hoots. Or others who have heard stories passed down through the years or their slave ori­ gins. 

There must be many too. whose ancestors were here long before the black OR white men came — descen­ dants of the proud Indian races, maybe even kin of great chiefs like 
Sitting Bull. 

• For the best story received, 
THE STAR will pay $5oo. 

• Ten other prizes of $5o each will also be awarded. 
• And every letter published will earn its writer $1o. 

You do not have to he a writer to participate in this great quest. Just get the person in your family best able to express himself tor Herself I to write down the story as you know It. 

Remember, we are looking for ex­ citing, colorful, dramatic, touching, romantic, even terrifying stories. We do not mind if they seem unbelievable, so long as you recount the story as told to you. DO NOT embellsh the sto­ ry yourself with fanciful conjecture. 

Letters will become the property of 
The Star and will not be returned un­ less the writer encloses a stamped, self-addressed envelope. Closing date for letters: Monday, March ti. 

TIIK STAR will look into the best stories, and interview the w riters of them, lf ci.cam stances perm it, we will help the writer of the best letter lo dirt lurcher into his family’s roots. Letters should be addressed to; Family Tree, 
The Star, San Antonio Express, IME 
Box 2171. San Antonio. Texas 78297. 

Rules of entry on Page I 4 

From preceding page 

 by; and another woman was thrusting her baby, then another, and another . . . until I had em ­ braced probably a dozen babies. 
I wouldn’t learn until m aybe a year later, from a H arvard Uni­ versity professor, 
Dr 
Jerom e 
Bruner, a scholar of such m at­ ters: “ You didn’t know you were participating in one of the oldest cerem onies of humankind, called 
‘The laying on of hands’! 
“ In their way, they were telling you ‘Through this flesh, which is us, we are you, ann you are us!’ ’’ 
Irater, the men of Juffure took me into their mosque built of bamboo and thatch, and they prayed around me in Arabic I re­ m em ber thinking, down on my knees, 
“ After 
Iv e found out where I cam e from . I can’t under­ stand a word they're saying." 
As we drove back to Banjul, in my mind’s eye, rather as if it were mistily being projected on a screen, I began envisioning de­ scriptions I had read of how col­ lectively, millions of our ancestors had been enslaved. 
Many thousands were individu­ ally kidnaped, as my own fore­ bear Kunta had been, but into the millions had com e awake scream ­ ing in the night, dashing out into the bedlam of raided villages, which were often in flames. 
The captured, able survivors were linked neck by-neck with thongs into processions called 
“ coffles," which were som etim es as much as a m ile in length I en visioned the m any dying, or left to die when tliey were too weak to 

VH1AGERS GREETED ME 
CRYING 'MEESTER HINTE' 

Hall of Records and asked for copies of any local newspaper ipie 
JDli 

 continue the torturous m arch to­ ward the coast. And those who made it to the beach were greased, shaved, probed in every orifice, often branded. 
I envisioned them being lashed and dragged toward the long­ boats; their spasm s of scream ing and clawing with their hands into the beach; their desperate efforts for one last hold on the Africa that was home. 
My mind reeled with it all as we approached another, much larger village. Staring ahead. I realized that word of what had happened in Juffure m ust have left there well before I did. 
Tile driver slowing down, 
I could see this village’s people thronging the road ahead; they were waving, am id their caco­ phony of crying out som ething 
I guess we had moved a third of the way through the village when it suddenly registered in my brain what they w ere all crying out 
. the wizened, robed elders and younger men. the m others and the naked tar-black children, they were all waving up at m e; their expressions buoyant, beam ing, all were crying out together, 
“ Meester Kinte! M eester Kinte!" liet m e tell you som ething: I am a man. A sob hit me som e­ where around my ankles, it cam e surging upward, and flinging my 

 hands over my face, I was just bawling, as I hadn’t since I was a baby. 
“ M eester K inte!” I just felt like 
I was weeping for all of history’s incredible atrocities against fel­ lowmen, which seem s to be m an­ kind’s greatest flaw. . . . 
Flying hom ew ard from Dakar, 
I decided to write my book. 
In New York, m y waiting tele­ phone m essages included that in a 
Kansas City Hospital, our eighty- three-year-old Cousin Georgia had died Later, making a time-zone adjustm ent. 
I discovered that she passed aw ay within the very hour 

6 A fierce rage grew within me* 

 that I had walked into Juffure Vil­ lage. I think that as the last of the old ladies who talked the story on 
G randm a’s front porch, it had been her job to get m e to Africa. 
Then she went to join the others up there watchin’. 

* 
* 
* 
ALWAYS, G randm a and the other ladies had said that a ship brought the African to “ some- 
GIRL LOSES 2oo ROUNDS TO 
JOIN THE ARMY 

BOBBI WEISS lost nearly 2oo pounds so she could join the Army. 
At enlistm ent, she weighed 131, just three pounds under the Arm y’s m axim um for her 
4-feet-114 height. 
Bobbi, 27, of Van Nuys, Calif., weighed 325 and wore a size 56 dress only two years ago. Now she 

 w ears a size 8 
Her weight girt her dis­ charged from nursing school. 
Then she began studying to be a teacher but the I>os An­ geles school system said it wouldn't hire her because she was too heavy. 
“ I joined Weight W atchers that night," she said. 

Bobbi Weiss 

End the Tragedy of a 

Bobbi’s am bition to join the 
Army actually goes back IO years. But every tim e she visited the recruiting 
‘ e ’a 
MMF 

GIVE YOUR CHILD 
OR GRANDCHILD 
A DRY BED 

 center, she was told to com e back when she' lost weight 
“ I always knew she could do it. I adm ire her tenacity and her courage,” said Sgt. Jake Hay­ ward, the Van Nuys recruiter. 
“ My father was in the Army during World War 
II and I have a very patriotic feeling for my country," Bobbi said in explaining her determ i­ nation to be a soldier. 

Im** M Nm mmm *»*Mm* MM Mn i»*>«* Im 
(im tapf 

N « c m ! • • atella n H on 
KKMii r i m e n vt r o t t o ut r$ 

M » t M P K I I K w n i h A ' K M M 
P O SOX 3 1 5 /4 Sum AntjHMj U a m '* 1 1 6 fmtnh 

Addle vt 

City 

 lip 
Phone 

19/o Po. .Ik 

SNN* 

(Md s Agt 

{■tai ta 4 •<< 

RECOMMENDED ANO USED BY MANY M O I 

CASH 
PATINO TOP DOLLAR FOR: 
• Gold Coins • Silver Dollars • Any Silver Coins 
• Old Coins of Silver or Copper • Diamonds 
• Sterling Silverware • Class Rings 
• Old Jewelry, Pocket Watches, Gold Watches 
• Dental Gold— Platinum; anything gold or silver 
(IMMEDIATE PAYMENT) 
••af Inflation A ebon aet your dratMr draw ai » or attic at th* tam* tuna) 
SH UNG QUALITY J CW I URY of 
W NO U SAU FRICKS 
( •§••!• YA iVlvfYdMSf} 

O P iN IO A M - 5 3 o P M MON.-SAT. 

RIVERSIDE COIN CO. 
431 I. C om m *rc» (by tho R iver) 
2 2 S - 19 96 
33> 4 9 6 3 
225 69*1 

Mama Cad or Writ* far flMt Premium Coin laying list 

 where called ’Naplis.” I knew they had to have been referring to 
Annapolis, Maryland. 
So I felt now that I had to ti7 to see if I could find what ship had sailed to Annapolis from the 
G ambia River, with her hum an cargo including “ the A frican," who would later insist that “ Kin- tay" was his nam e, after his m as­ sa John Waller had given him the nam e "Toby." 
I needed to determ ine a tim e around which to focus search for this ship. Months earlier, in the village of Juffure, the griot had timed Kunta Kinte’s capture with 
“ about the tim e the King’s sol­ diers cam e." 
Returning to London, midway during a second week of search­ ing in records of m ovem ent as­ signm ents for 
British m ilitary units during the 176os, I finally found that "K ing’s soldiers" had to refer to a unit called “ Colonel 
O’H are’s forces." 
The unit was sent from London in 1767 to guard the then British operated Fort Ja m es Slave Fort in the G am bia River. The griot had been so correct that I felt em ­ barrassed that, in effect, I had been checking behind him. 
At Lloyds of London I went through weeks of seemingly end­ less searching in an effort to iso­ late and then pin down a specific slave ship on a specific voyage, from within cartons upon cartons of slave-ship triangular voyages among 
England. 
Africa, and 
America. 
Along with m y frustration, the more a rage grew within me the more I perceived to what degree the slave trade, in its tim e, was regarded by m ost of its partici­ pants simply as another m ajor in­ dustry. 
Many records seemed never to have been opened after their original storage; apparently no one had felt occasion to go through them. 
In the seventh week, one after­ noon about two-thirty, 
I was studying the 
1,o23rd sheet of slave-ship records. A wide rectan­ gular sheet, it recorded the G am ­ bia River entrances and exits of some thirty ships during the years 
1766 and 1767. Moving down the list, my eyes reached ship No 18. and autom atically scanned across its various data heading entries. 
On July 5. 1767—the year “ the 
King’s soldiers cam e"—a ship nam ed lA>rd Ligonier, her captain a Thomas E. Davies, had sailed from the G am bia River, her des­ tination Annapolis. . . . 
I flew back to Washington with­ out ever returning to my hotel. I taxied to the Library of Congress, ordered a book and there it was. confirmation! 
The I^ord Ligonier had cleared Annapolis’ customs on Septem ber 29, 1767 

Renting a car, napolis. I went to the 

 published around the first week of 
October 
1767. 
I was halfway through the October I issue of the 
M aryland G azette when I saw the advertisem ent: 
“JUST IMPORTED, In the ship 
Lord Ligonier, Capt. Davies, from the River G am bia, in Africa, and to be sold by the subscribers, in 
Annapolis, for cash, or good bills of exchange on Wednesday the 7th of October next, 
A Cargo of 
CHOICE 
HEALTHY 
SLAVES. 
The said ship will take tobacco to 
London on liberty at 6s. Sterling per ton." The advertisem ent was signed by John Ridout and Daniel of St. Thos. Jenifer. 
The 1766-67 docum ent compiled at Jam es Fort in the G am bia Riv­ er had included that the Lord Li­ gonier had sailed with 14o slaves in her hold 

I searched to find a record of the ship’s cargo listed upon her arrival in Annapolis—and found it, the following inventory, in old­ fashioned script: 
“ 3,265 
‘ele­ phants teeth,’ as ivory tusks were called; 3,7oo pounds of beeswax; 
8oo pounds of raw cotton; 32 ounces of Gam bian gold; and 98 
‘Negroes.’ Her loss of 42 Africans en route, was average for slaving voyages." 
I realized by this tim e that 
G randm a, Aunt Liz, Aunt Plus, and Cousin G eorgia also had been griots in their own ways. My note­ books contained their centuries- old story that our African had been sold to “ M assa John Wall­ er,” who had given him the nam e 
"Toby.” 
During his fourth escape effort, when cornered he had wounded with a rock one of the pair of pro­ fessional slave-catchers who caught him, and they had cut his foot off. "M assa John’s brother. 
Dr William W aller,” had saved the slave’s life, then indignant at the m aim ing, had bought him from his brother. 
I dared to hope there might ac­ tually exist some kind of record. 

 to An­ a r) land 

*1 know they’re all watching* 

I went to Richmond, Virginia, whereafter poring through m icro­ filmed legal deeds, I found a leng­ thy deed dated Septem ber 5, 1763, in which John W aller and his wife 
Ann traasferred to William W aller land and goods, including 24o acres of farm land . . and then on the second page, “ and also one 
Negro man slave nam ed Toby." 
My God! The old stories were right I had traced my roots. 
I think now that not only are 
G randm a. Cousin G eorgia, and those other ladies 
“ up there watchin ," but so are all of the others: Kunta, and Bell; Kizzy; 
Chicken 
George and 
M atilda, 
Tom and Irene; G randpa Will 
Palm er, 
Bertha, 
Mama, and 
Dad . . . 

FAM ILY TREE RULES O F ENTRY: See Page I 3 

Contest winners will be judged by the Ed­ itor of The Star based on the excitement, colorfulness and dram a of the stones sub nutted and how well you tell your story' 
Tile Editor’s opinion will be final 
The contest is not open to employees of 
The Star and members of their families, its affiliated companies and its advertising agencies, or to any members of their fami­ lies 
All entrw*s will become the property of 
The Star and none will be returned By en tenng the contest each person grants per mission to The Star to publish any or ail of 

 his entries and consents to the use of his name, address and likeness Not responsi­ ble for lost mail or delayed deliveries 

Void where prohibited or restricted by law All federal, state arid local laws and regulations apply Applicable taxes are the sole responsibility of winners No purchases required No substitution for prizes is of­ fered Ail prizes will be awarded For a list of all winners send a self addressed stamped number IO envelope lo Family 
Tree, 73o Third Avenue, New York, N V 
1oo17 
Winners will be notified by mail 
Prizes are not transferable 

TOP PSYCHICS LIFESAVING DIET 
BECOMES A 
COOKBOOK 

By,CHRISTINA KIRK 

AN AMAZING diet prescribed more than 5o years ago by psychic Edgar Cayce can save your life, a dietary expert once near death has told THE STAR. 
Inspired by her recovery, Marceline A. Newton has written The 
New Life Cookbook (Donning F>ress, $6 95). It contains recipes and menus based on Cayce s nutrition­ al philosophy. 
Cayce, who died in 1945, diag­ nosed illnesses and prescribed cures for people whose names were given to him while he was in a self induced hypnotic state. 
All the “ Sleeping Prophet’’ said in this state was recorded and preserved. Mrs. 
Newton based her book on nutrition sections of these Cayce “ readings” now on file at the Association for Re­ search and Enlightment (ARE) in 
Virginia Beach, Va. 
She has served her culinary creations to thousands as food service manager of the hotel owned by ARE, a foundation de­ voted to Cayce’s teachings and headed by his son Hugh Lynn 
| Cayce. 
At 26, Mrs. Newton was hospi­ talized for treatm ent of blood clots and high cholesterol which threatened her life. 
“They took blood clots the size of an egg from my lungs,” she 

Marceline A. Newton, above, has written a cookbook based on teachings of psychic Edgar Cayce, left, whose dietary rules she credits with saving her life. 
The Sleeping Prophet and his redpes 

 told THE STAR. “ One passed through my heart. I headed for 
ARE as soon as I was released.” 
. 
She followed the Cayce diet to 
■the letter—natural foods only, no 
( 

^alcohol, no cigarettes, no sugar or white bread. And she not only re­ covered but was able to stop tak­ ing an anti coagulant medication doctors had said she would need for the rest of her life. 
Mrs. Newton explained the life­ saving Cayce dietary laws. 
“ Basically, he recommended a balance of 8o per cent alkahne- forrning to 2o pier cent acid-form- ing foods,” she said. 
"For example, this would mean four vegetables to one protein and one starch. Of the vegetable ypes, one below-ground to two ibove-ground and one leafy to one 
|x>d variety are suggested. 
“Citrus fruits combined with grains, coffee with milk and neavy starch-protem combina­ tions cause over-acidity. Sweet or tined fruits are better combined with starches than with proteins.” 
The adjacent box includes a omplete list of acid and alkaline oods. 
“ In general, you need propor- ionately more alkaline foods be­ cause your body uses more of 
IM-se foods. You also need the roughage in high-fiber alkaline vegetables,” Mrs. Newton said. 
Acid forming foods have an equally valuable role in mainlam- ng good health, Mrs. 
Newton 
(aid. 
They give you your protein id vitamin A and several other ypes of vitamins and m inerals.” 
“Animal fat, for lastance, is the inly source of vitamin B-12 which everyone must have. A lack of B 
2 in the diet can cause brain iamage that cannot be reversed 
[hat s why vegetarians take B-12 upplements or force themselves o eat a little seafood.” 

HERE is a selection of recipes, based on Edgar Cayce’s nutri­ tion teachings, from Marceline 
A. Newton’s new cookbook: 

SWEET POTATO PUDDING 

SIX cups fresh mashed sweet potatoes, 2 tsp. cinnamon, I tsp powdered mace, 2 tsp. nutmeg, 
I Vi cups shredded coconut, I cup clover honey, 6 eggs, Mb cups peanut oil. 
Mix all ingredients and bake 
35o degrees, about 4o minutes, in a greased pan. 

SCRIPTURE BREAD 
FOUR cups I Kings 5:11, 4 cup 
I Samuel 14:25, 4 cups Genesis 
24 17, 2 Isaiah 1o:14, 
I cup 
Judges 5:25, I tsp. Leviticus 
2:13, 
4 cup 
Isaiah 
7:22 
(melted). 
Follow Samuel’s instructions to the cook, I Samuel 19:23-24. 
Bake at 35o degrees in a well- oiled shallow pan. This is very earthy bread. 

SHRIMP LOUIS 
SHRIMP, lettuce, Louis dress­ ing, tomato wedges. 
Shell and clean fresh shrimp and steam for 5 minutes. Place lettuce leaves on the bottom of a dish or bowl. Pile shrimp on the lettuce leaves. Add Louis sauce. Lobster meat can be sub­ stituted for shrimp. To make 
U rns dressing combine 
I cup cooked m ayonnaise, 
I tsp. vinegar, and 4 cup ketchup. 

SC RIPTURE CAKE 
THREE cups I Kings 4:22, I cup 
I Kings 4:22, I tsp. leviticus 
2:13, 2 tsp. Solomon 4:16, 14 cups Judges 5 25, 2 4 cups Exo­ dus 16:31, 5 Isaiah 1o:14, 2 cups 
Numbers 17:8, 2 cups I Samuel 
3o.12, 
I cup 
Isaiah 
7:22 
(melted). 
Follow Solomon’s advice from 
Proverbs 23 14 for making a bet­ ter boy. Bake at 35o degrees 
THE FORMULA 

ALKALINE MAKERS: 8o% 

FRUITS: Apples, apricots, berries, dates, figs (unsulphured),grape fruit, honey, lemons, limes, oranges, peaches, pears, pineapples, raisins, small pumes. Avoid plums, cranberries and large prunes 
VEGETABLES: Asparagus, beets, cabbage, carob, carrots, cauli­ flower, celery, eggplant, green peas, kohlrabi, lettuce, mushrooms, olives (ripe), onions, oyster plant, parsnips, radishes, rutabaga, spinach, sprouts, string beans, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, turnips. 
Avoid dried peas, beans and lentils; also rhubarb. 
MILK: All forms; buttermilk, clabber, sour milk, cottage cheese, cheese 
ACID MAKERS: 2o% 

ANIMAL FATS AND VEGETABLE OILS: Large prunes, plums, cranberries, rhubarb. 
ALL CEREAL GRAINS and other such products, as, bread, break­ fast foods, etc., rolled oats, corn flakes, corn meal mush, polished rice, etc. Brown rice is less acid forming. 
ALL HIGH STARCH AND PROTEIN FOODS: White sugar, syrups made from white sugar. Starchy foods in combination with fruits or proteins are acid combinations and should be avoided. 
NUTS: Peanuts, English walnuts, pecans, filberts, coconut 
LEGUMES: Dried beans, dried peas, lentils. 
MEATS: Beef, pork, lamb, veal. 
POULTRY: Chicken, turkey, duck, goose, guinea hen, game. 
VISCERAL MEATS. Heart, brains, kidney, liver, sweetbreads, thy­ mus. 
EGG WHITES. Yolks are not acid forming. 

ZABAGLIONE 
SIX egg yolks, 6 tbsp, brown sugar or honey. 4 cup Marsala wine, 4 tsp. salt, Va tsp. ground mace or nutmeg. 
Arrange double boiler so wa­ ter in bottom does not touch top section. Combine ingredients in top section. Cook over simmer­ ing water, beating constantly with a portable beater until mix­ ture is thick and light. It will swell to about 3 or 4 times its or­ iginal volume. Avoid overcook­ ing, or the mixture may curdle. 
Serve warm- 

CHESTNUT SOUP 
TWO lb. chestnuts, 3 tbsp, but­ ter, I large sliced onion, 2 small sliced carrots, I stalk sliced cel­ ery, 4 to 5 cups chicken stock, I tbsp, chopped parsley, a pinch thyme, I bay leaf, a pinch nut­ meg, I cup cream. 
Make small slit in top of each nut and place in a well greased pan in a 375 degree oven 12 to 15 minutes to loosen both outer and inner skin. Remove both skins and reserve nutmeat. Melt but­ ter and add onion, carrots, and celery. Mix well over gentle heat before adding chestnuts. 
Cover pan, and cook 3 to 4 min­ utes, snaking pan occasionally. 
Add stock, herbs, and seasoning, and simmer for 2o to 3o minutes, or until the chestnuts and vege­ tables are tender. 
/ Remove bay leaf; put soup in­ to electric blender and blend un­ til smooth, or put through a fine food mill. Return to pan and re­ heat soup. Season to taste Add the cream just before serving. 
CREOLE FILLETS 
ONE cup chopped onion, I cup chopped green pepper, 4 cups canned tomatoes, 3 tbsp, oil, I or 
2 bay leaves, 14 tsp salt, dash of cayenne, 2 lb. halibut fillets, 
I tsp. pepper. 
Saute onion, green pepper, and garlic in hot oil until tender. 
Add tomatoes, bay leaf, salt, and dash cayenne; simmer 15 minutes. Place fish in baking dish. Sprinkle with I tsp pepper. er fish. 
Pour tomato mixture over 
Bake at 35o degrees about minutes or until tender. 
45 

Cayce’s Menu 

Herb tea or Sanka with 2 meals each day. 
MONDAY 
BREAKFAST: 
Fresh yogurt 
2 blueberries, shirred eggs with cheese, whole wheat toast, orange juice with little lemon juice. 
LUNCH: Egg Foo Young, brown rice, sauted Chinese 
Vegetables, ginger bread, orange peel tea. 
DINNER: Tomato juice, broiled salm­ on steaks, sauteed cabbage, lima bean casserole, whole wheat bread, sweet potato pudding. 
TUESDAY 
BREAKFAST: Fresh yogurt, granola with dried fruit, non-fat milk, pineap­ ple juice with a little lime juice. 
LUNCH: len til Soup ll, dandelion sal­ ad with garlic dressing, summer squash pie, whole wheat bread, peach cream. 
DINNER: Chestnut soup, cucumber mousse, roast goose, cauliflower, corn on the cob, applesauce bread, sour cream ginger bread. 
WEDNESDAY 
BREAKFAST: 
Fresh yogurt with fresh strawberries, hot buckwheat pancakes with honey or natural maple syrup, baked apples, crisp bacon. 
LUNCH: Cream salmon soup, spinach with cottage cheese dressing, golden broiled chicken, baked carrots, sau­ teed zucchini, soybean bread, carob cake. 
DINNER: 
Vegetable cream soup, chicroy crown salad with bleu cheese dressing, soybean patties. Scripture 
Bread, strawberry natural ice cream. 
THURSDAY 
BREAKFAST: Fresh yogurt, spinach or omelet, bran muffins, honey. 
LUNCH: Black bean soup, raw broc­ coli salad with oil and vinegar dress­ ing and herbs. Soybean l,oaf, baked turnips, stewed tomatoes, peanut br«&d, date fingers or Zabaglione. 
DINNER: 
Artichoke soup, peaches and cream salad. Creole Fillets, baked brown rice or 
Bulgur, brussels sprouts, chopped fresh spinach, poppy seed bread or whole wheat bread, 
Scripture Cake. 
FRIDAY 
BREAKFAST: Fresh yogurt, poached eggs on whole wheat English muffins, bacon slices, stewed prunes or figs. 
LUNCH: Carrot soup, avocado salad with avocado dressing, lamb casser­ ole, baked beets, apricot nut bread, honey nut ice cream . 
DINNER: Onion soup, roast turkey with herb dressing, stewed tomatoes, fresh collard greens or summer squash, rice muffins, blackberry pie. 
SATURDAY 
BREAKFAST: Fresh yogurt, oatmeal made with steel-cut oats, non-fat milk with honey, orange juice with a little lemon juice. 
LUNCH: Puree of turnip soup, cran­ berry-orange molded salad, turkey, asparagus, lemon-bread, apple dum­ plings. 
DINNER: Potato Peel Soup, cucum- ber-vogurt salad, chicken or veal mousse, fresh vegetables, whole wheat bread, granola cookies. 
SUNDAY 
BREAKFAST: Fresh yogurt, scram ­ bled eggs or wheat germ pancakes, crisp bacon slices, Scripture Bread with whipped butter and honey, juice. 
LUNCH: lettuce soup, Srhimp Louis, 
Bulgur Pilaf, Baked Big Blue, onion bread, baked brown rice custard. 
DINNER: Stuffed prunes and dates, 
Fresh Fruit Kabob, Cucumber Twist, celery curls, vegetable cutouts, gelatin balls, toasted almonds, soybean bits, 
I autillowerets, fresh mixed greens. 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 
THIS I BELIEVE 

By S t e v e D u n l e a v y 
A C R O SS 

1 Sell 
7 Junctures 
14 Unwinds 
2o Analyze 
21 Specter 
22 Raise 
24 At home 
25 Verb form 
26 Tax assessment 
27 Concerning 
28 Tiny insect 
29 One or any 
3o Siamese coin 
32 Trap 
34 Large fish 
36 Bowlike curve 
37 Prevaricator 
39 Tantalize 
4o Olympic participant 
41 Poon tree 
42 Stimulating drink 
44 Czechoslovakian measure 
45 Assyrian deity 
46 Female saint 
47 Broader 
48 Medieval catapult 
5o Significance 
53 Rate 
55 Stoneware: 
French 
57 Convene 
58 Spy agency 
6o Waterproof canvas 
61 Easer 
65 Estate 
68 Lodging place 
72 Golf clubs 
73 Specifies distinctly 

75 Faucet 
77 Red grouper 
78 Guy- rope 
79 Progenitors 
8o Melodies 
82 Revised statutes: abbr. 
83 Exploit 
84 Governing 
85 Municipalitie 
87 Butter square 
88 Card game 
89 Start 
9o Gift 
92 English soot 
93 Rye fungus 
95 Ibsen character 
97 Warns again 
98 Scrub 
99 Herb drink container 
1o1 Extract 
1o3 Fresh conditions: 
2 wds. 
1o5 Plant shoot 
1o7 Gist 
1o8 Arrowroot 
11o Campus 
“bigwig'* 
111 Unfamiliar person 
11 5 Separates 
118 Giants 
1 22 Runs easily 
123 Dutch measure 
1 25 Neither 
126 Make lace 
1 28 Freight station 
1.29 Batters 
13o Abandons 
1 32 Approaches 
1 34 Cooing birds 

135 Individual 
136 Undrapes 
137 Shape 
139 Clamor 
14o Latter addition 
141 Dismiss 
1 42 Physician: abbr. 
143 Dismounted 
144 Presently 
146 Cobalt symbol 
147 Wall coverings 
149 Elusive 
1 51 Splits up 
153 Slight colorings 
154 Akin 
1 55 Climbs 

DOWN 

1 Allude to 
2 While 
3 Purloin 
4 Modernist painter 
5 Happening 
6 Verb forms 
7 Splatter 
8 In that place 
9 Bombast 
1o Even one 
11 Neuter pronoun 
12 Jewish precepts 
13 Sniffs 
14 Most distant 
15 Straighten 
16 Old soldiers 
1 7 Night before 
18 French article 
19 Young actress 
2o Theater district 
23 Repeat performance 

31 African 
91 Light lake knocker 
33 Distraint: 
92 Aromatic 
English 
94 Gallium law symbol 
34 Postures 
96 Former 
35 Allot spouses 
36 Verdi 
97 Jogs the opera memory 
38 Outfittings 
98 Sedate 
4o Biblical 
1oO Magog name ruler 
41 Cheek 
1o2 Young depressions scout 
43 Grain 
1o4 Moist goddess 
1o6 Tidiness 
45 Purpose 
1o9 Certified 
47 Electrician's actions 
49 Clergyman: abbr. 
51 Assisting 
52 Enlisted persons 
54 Appendage 
56 Missouri city 
59 Tiny insect 
61 Small stream 
62 Expunging act 
63 Solitary 
64 Wash lightly again 
66 South 
American 
Indians 
67 Time zone 
69 Large: abbr. 
7o Corrigendum 
71 Examiners 

111 Razor hones 
112 Passage through 
113 Nero's city 
114 New 
Zealand bird 
116 Distress signal 
11 7 Tunis measure 
119 Footless animal 
12o Beginners 
121 Office workers 
1 24 More furious 
127 Sets of three 
13o Suit material 
131 Courage 
132 Unsophisticated 
133 Of sound speed 
136 Bell sound 
74 Marsh 
76 Conspicuous 137 Flutter 
79 Boxer 
138 New star 
81 Seine 
84 Keeps 
85 European language 
86 French pronoun 
87 Needy 
89 American lynxes 
9o Foreach 

141 Flapper 
143 Biblical king 
145 Nothing 
148 Gods: 
Latin 
15o Morindin dye 
152 " 
- profundis” 

SEI SOLUTION PAGE 19 

FOR A working stiff who pays an obscene chunk of his paycheck to support the welfare system, the following story is hard to believe. 

It deals with Mrs. Linda Henderson, an attractive young mother of two children in Stoughton. Wis. In 1973, she was involved in a car accident that resulted in her getting, two years later, $3o,9oo in damages. 
She spent the year previous to her award on welfare. After lawyers fees and expenses were paid, Mrs. Henderson cleared almost $15,ooo from her settlement. 
She told the Dane County Social Services Department of her windfall, and because sin* was no longer destitute, she was declared ineligible for welfare. Fair enough. 
But then the great bureaucratic minds told her not to worry. All she would have to do to get back on welfare was spend all her money. 
So in six weeks. Mrs. Henderson told Dane County Judge Archie 
Simonson, she went on a spending spree and bought a car. a stereo, furniture and a $259 grandfather clock. This bill came to $14,5oo. 
Broke again, she went back on welfare. 
Judge Simonson is one of those oldtimers who believes not only in the law but in justice. When Mrs. H enderson cam e before him in an abandomnment hearing and he heard her story of being TOLI) to go on her spending spree, the old judge gasped. 
“ Here is a case,” the judge told me on the telephone, “ where an agency actually encourages a woman to beat the system. 
“There was no attem pt to preserve Mrs. Henderson’s assets. They did nothing to supervise this windfall. They told her to go out and squander the money in a frivolous spending spree.” 
Now there is no cause to criticize Mrs. Henderson. She has a rough time looking after two children with no support. 
And ifs obvious that $15,ooo would not keep her and her two children more than one year. 
But for an agency to actually ENCOURAGE her to go broke to get back on welfare should be a hanging offense. 
When Judge Simonson critized the Dane County Welfare Board, you would have thought he was using obscene language by the response he got. 
Jerry McCartney of the Dane County Social Services Department attacked Simonson in a letter charging the judge had “ misplaced the responsibility for the laws which you as a judge must enfor ce." 
McCartney countered that his mob did not encourage Mrs. Henderson to spend the money. 
“ In this case.” said McCartney, “ when asked if the accident settle­ ment money could be used for the purchase of household goods, the answer was yes. To state otherwise would have been incorrect.” 
Come now Mr. McCartney, don't give us this “ rules and rules" stuff. 
Nobody argues with the hardship of Mrs. Henderson but to make no attempt to preserve that loot is doggone irresponsible. 
Other m em bers of McCartney’s departm ent claimed the judge was just looking for publicity. 
‘I don’t choose to publicize the case, it s just that I don’t want to sweep it under the rug." the judge replied. 
You’re damn right, judge! 

Ifs worth the money just to stay warm 

FEDERAL Energy Administrator John F. O’Learv puts shivers up my spine. 

Realistically, he says, this country, particularly the freezing North­ east. must lace the fact of using less heat. “ A 65-degree heating high will become a fact in tile future," he savs. 
I just do not believe that will all the billions we are wasting in useless programs, we can’t keep ourselves comfortable. 
How much is the government spending to research good. reliable and cheap solar heating? 
How much is being spent to convert to atomic power** lf we have to bite the bullet, so bt* it. But if we are just saying “ Freeze your tail oft and hope for a warm er winter next year" — without really looking hard at what we can do about the problem - then I wish the good Mr. O'U'ary would go jump in the lake 

 and only 2oo living 
EUREKA, Nev., has nine cemeteries residents. 
The cemeteries are left over from the days when Eureka was a silver mining center and had more than 1o,ooo people. Those were the 187os and 188os and people flocked to Eureka seeking 
Al J I |/ a_a fortunes. There are a Jewish 
(JIO WW&ST t o w n cemetery, a Catholic eeme- 
WW WI w w ww mw tory, a Chinese cemetery, an 
Indian cemetery, the Odd Fel­ lows Cemetery, the City and 
County 
Cemetery, and the 
Masonic 
Cemetery, 
Theres even a cemetery exclusively for the rich and one for those who were plagued with contagious diseases while living. 

“It’s weird." said Marcia Elliott, head of Eureka s historical society. “ It was almost as if they were afraid the contagious dis ease would spread from grave to grave after death." 

 has more dead than living 

ACROSS 
1 Missouri metropo­ lis 
7 Mulligan 
11 City on the 
Truc kee R 
14 Home of the Bills 
2o Dove sound 
21 Russian ruler 
22 Canton in Switz­ erland 
23 Cheer 
24 Bill of fare 
25 Negative prefix 
2o Bristly fibers 
27 Sick 
28 Scrutinize 
29 Animals stom­ achs 
31 Ozone 
12 Seaman Slang. 
33 Fete 
35 Deteats 
17 Record again 
19 Kansas Capital ll Medit. Island 
42 Water craft 
43 Sash 
45 Irregular 
. to Character parts 
47 Existence. Lac 
49 Card game 
5o Numerate 
52 Tool set 
54 Ancient Persian 
55 Govt Agency 
57 Ontario City near 
Del 
59 Male sheep 
o2 Fem. garment til Hue. storage space 
*>4 Printing marks 
OO Word with bear or circle 
•59 The 
Empire" state 
72 Classroom dum­ my 
71 Relative to NA­ 
TO 
7o City in 111 or Ala 
79 "Two 
— 
Peo­ ple.” 
HO Marriage cere­ mony 

82 Serious play 
84 Ala Bay city 
85 Addicts 
86 Captures Slang 
37 Army rank Abbr. 
88 Monstrous 
9o Pres McKinley's birthplace city in 
Ohio 
91 Clears out 
92 Religious group 
93 Near Poetic 
94 Imaginary dreamland 
96 Carter. Truman etc Abbr. 
97 Alphabet letters 
98 Idol 
99 Health haven 
1oo Crony 
IQI Twirl 
1o3 Utter 
1o4 - Griffin 
1o5 Retained 
1o6 Angers 
1o7 Forehead 
1o8 Lge Snake 
111 Spanish rivers 
113 - Baba 
114 Scores in foot­ ball 
115 Girl student 
Colloq. 
116 Headwear 
119 Heavy burden 
121 Ineffectual 
123 Endures 
126 Trudge 
127 Otherwise 
128 Systems. Abbr. 
13o Opposed to can­ tata 
132 Pronoun 
133 Coal particles 
114 Hitch on. 
2 wrds. 
135 Sums 
137 Written yearly account 
138 Argued 
14o Colorado Capi­ tal city 
141 Pronoun 
142 Western Indian 
143 Plant formation cycles 

145 — Sound Wash. 
146 Mongrel 
147 Assam silk­ worm 
148 Gifts to the poor 
151 Adhered to 
153 
Hi Coke” . 
155 Bur. 
Russian region 
157 Strike with open hand 
158 Put a curse on 
16o — battery 
162 Comb form. skin secretion 
164 — Gabor et al 
166 Pronoun 
167 Delaware's 
Capital 
169 Lacerate 
17o City in Italy on the Po It 
171 Picnic pest 
172 Have a desire for 
174 Exclude 
176 Wall art 
177 Hindu country 
179 Ohio & Indiana. hilts 
18o BI’OE member 
181 Certain tires 
183 Of a type or print 
185 Certain nurses 
186 A weight mea­ sure Abbr 
187 Nylon problems 
189 Wise. City on L. 
Michigan 
19o Animosity, grudge 
192 Outer garment 
Roman 
194 — Viv. Israel 
195 Little brown — 

196 Fresh 
197 Mouth part 
198 Two treys 
199 Mine products 
2oo Come up 
2o1 Indian abodes 
2o2 City in 
Wyo­ ming 
2o3 Battery post 

Last week's Giant solution 

© C I HOM 
DOWN 
1 Not plentiful 
2 High structures 
3 Greatest in length 
4 Practical 
5 — Royale. Mich 
6 Girl s nickname 
8 Ariz. Metropolis 
9 Rub out 
1o Port or Burgundy 
11 Italy's Capital 
12 Make happy 
13 New Jersey Lge 
City 
14 Shirt for Bea­ trice 
15 Single item 
16 Uproar 
17 Los - Calif. 
18 Espied 
19 — first —. Base­ ball 
28 — Boom 
3o Mar 
34 Dined 
35 Loiter 
36 Shortly 
37 Washes lightly 
38 Superlative de­ gree 
4o A certain dog. 
Colloq. 
44 "Julie — 
Sing­ er. 
18 Spirited 
5o (folio s queen city 
51 (Olio port city 
53 Oregon's capital city 
55 Potato, wheat, com etc. 

SILLYETTES 

56 Inquire 
HO 
57 Coil 
58 Certain army 
112 troops. 2 wrds 
115 
59 Fishing pole 
116 
6o Ga City near At­ lanta 
117 
61 Not positive 
HH 
62 Colorers 
63 Rose- —. 
12o 
65 Shocks 
122 
67 Fanatical 
124 
68 Wearing elegant 
125 clothes 
126 
7o Feminine name 
127 
71 Obnoxious plants 
129 
72 Obligation 
131 
73 
Noun forming 
133 suffix 
TH 
75 O Sol - 
ISI 
77 Floor coverings 
139 
78 Moslem group of 
14o scholars 
144 
8o Cent Texas city 
149 
81 Antelope of Tibet 
83 Poisonous snakes 
15o 
86 Apprehensive 
89 Swamp foot-wear 
152 
92 Fine line of a let­ ter 
154 
93 Baking dehca cies. 2 wrds 
156 
95 Exposed 
'16 Pronoun 
157 
99 Ocean routes 
1oo 
Home ol the 
158 
Stealers 
156 
HK Head gesture 
HW Mass. capital 
16! city 
1o9 Sham e 
!’* 
162 
163 
165 

Canberra is its 
Capital 
Gn*ek porch 
Lump ot soil 
Home of the 
Indians 
Showy flower 
City on the Illi­ nois Ii 
Depot Abbr. 
Hostelries 
Assist 
Pace 
Versifier 
German article 
Light recession 
Alaskan natives 
Pipe part 
— Haute. Iud 
Avenues. Abbr, 
Violent fever 
Two singers 
Upbraids 
Nevada metrop­ olis 
Means of ac­ complishment 
Isthmus of —. 
Thailand 
City in 
Cent. 
New York 
City near Chica­ go 
Member of a 
Masonic order 
Mortar carrier 
Small 3 masted ship of old 
Calif, wine re* 
Sion owish Holiday 
Salad ingredient 
Became motion­ less 
Wise City *mi L 
Mich 
Flowers 
— Rica 
Kiev ail'd rails. 
Coloq. 
Indian princess 
Craje. lad 
Dfiposlte outs 
Degrade 
Church seats 
Soft mineral 
Ring name 
Furrow 
Little — Echo” 
Spanish gold 

Star WHIRLY W O R D * by Wen ren Tobotch puzzle n o 

F 
W 
E 
E 
K 
L 
Y 
R 
E 
I 
S 
o 
H 

A 
B 
P 
A 
N 
S 
Y 
O 
T 
N 
H s 
R 

S 
B 
L 
K 
N 
R 
P 
P 
E 
I 
S 
L 
E 

H 
R 
A 
E 
O 
O 
L 
I 
H 
C 
A 
I 
T 

I 
A 
E 
V 
N 
A 
I 
R 
C 
H 
R 
A 
N 

O 
S 
A 
G 
S 
o 
E 
H 
A 
E 
T 
B 
I 

N 
S 
E 
T 
N 
D 
E 
N 
S 
E 
S 
T 
R 

A 
R 
E 
C 
N 
A 
G 
R 
K 
A 
I 
E 
P 

B 
R 
E 
E 
I 
I 
R 
C 
L 
G 
F 
K 
I 

L 
T 
P 
B 
N 
L 
U 
T 
O 
L 
C 
S 
A 

E 
S 
C 
G 
O 
B 
S 
T 
S 
A 
M 
A 
N 

D 
A 
Y 
L 
E 
V 
I 
S 
S 
E 
S 
B 
O 

CLUE: “SHELF SUPPORT” c , 41 
Solution: 7 letters 
HOW TO PLAY: 
AM th* wo»d* naiad below app*** in lh* p o i/la — horizontally, tonically diagonally av an backw ard* f m o thorn and c o d a thai* 
•attar* Th* lattovar lanai* apa" tho Starw ord 

\lgae 

Basket ba lls 
Blender 
Bras* 
Bucket 
(lo t 
Day 
Fashion 
Fashionable 
Fist 
Gob* 

Hanging 
Hosiery 
Masts 
Niche 

Obsessively 

Pansy 
Piano 
Plaster 
Printer 
Sachet 
Salt 

Savory 
Slices 
Spender 
Spices 
Stranger 

Toys 
Trash 

Weekly 

| taal Wtak* Anawat; LEATHER 

Reward your kids with love, not lollipops 
Diet #4: 
For special situations 

MORE OF DR. ATKINS’ SUPERENERGY DIET PLAN 

Dr. Robert Atkins 
USE this diet when you want to incre&tt the quality of your met but cannot make drastic changes in your physiolo­ gy and metabolism. 
Dr. Atkins’ Diet #4 is four simple rules 
• Avoid sugar 

• Avoid starch and all refined (tour. 
• Avoid caffeine. alcohol and 

• Take your vitamins and minerals as outlined in tile find part of this 
STAR series 

I STRONGLY suggest that anybody who is raising children begin as early as possible to get them on a diet that can promote their future health. 
When a tiny infant is bom, its first food if it is lucky will be the nourishing milk from its mother’s warm, comfort­ ing breasts. 
But if it’s like most newborns in the United States, its first meal will be water with—of all things—sugar in it! 
Right from the first day the infant is conditioned to de­ velop a taste for sugar. 
Then, to continue to imprint his brain with the desire for sugar, as a toddler he is rewarded with lollipops at the barbershop or doctor’s office (of all places), is given cook­ ies or candy for being good, and is brought sweets as a symbol of love from grandma and grandpa. 
Claudine longer to be 
» 
• ^1 
M 
. a 
. .. boom is answer shuttled out of hate to fl *** town for her jail term 

BY BOB BOYD 
CLAUDINE Longet will never serve a day of her jail term in the town that hates her. 
THE STAR has learned that plans are almost complete to make Miss Longet serve her time in a jail which offers her more protection than the tiny Pitkin Coun­ ty Jail in Aspen. 
It is the Garfield County Jail in Glen­ wood Springs, just 4o miles from the ski and sin capital of the nation's jet set. 
Sources in Colorado say an agreement has already been worked out between Pit­ kin County Sheriff Dick Kienast and Gar­ field County Sheriff Edward E. Hogue. 
Miss l/Miget would normally have had to serve her month-long sentence in the re­ cently-remodeled Pitkin County Jail be­ cause the crime and trial took place in 
Aspen 
Sheriff Kienast told THE STAR: “ My jail simply is not equipped to handle a woman pre-oner of this type. 
“ I have contacted other, larger jails in the same Colorado judicial district to see if orb’ of them will take Miss Longet and all the problems which po with her off my hands ” 
Sheriff Hogue acknowledged he has been in contact with Sheriff Kienast regarding the much-celebrated offender. 
“We have a larger, much more modem jail than Dick Kienast does," he said. “ We are willing to take tier in. I expect she will be doing her tune with us It would be more difficult for anyone to break in here than at Pitkin It is bigger and more secure ” 
Aspen residents made their feelings about Miss lx>nget clear before, during and 

 the Aspen jail and no back-up is imme­ diately available. The Garfield County 
Jail, meanwhile, has a resident jailer, his wife and an assistant jailer. 
It also has c'osed-circuit television moni­ tors and sheriff’s deputies who provide round-the-clock surveillance. Sheriff Kien­ ast had already macle tentative plans to house Miss Longet in his jail before he went looking for a different facility. He ar­ ranged for her meals to be catered by Hol­ iday Inn and had contracted for renovation of the cell she would be held in. 
But some people say he feared a group of Sabich’s friends, enraged by what they felt was a light sentence Miss Longet re­ ceived, might break into the Aspen jail and harm her. One source in Aspen explained to THE STAR that the town could not take another scandal such as might be created by any violent action. 
A break-in at Garfield County Jail is highly unlikely, though. 
Sheriff Hogue said the cell Miss Longet will probably occupy has no windows 
The jail normally houses five to 2o pris­ oners, the sheriff added, about three of them women. It has two cells used specifi­ cally to house women prisoners—one for adults and the other for juvenile offenders. 

Miss Longet will probably share her cell with one or two other women prisoners. 
Sheriff Hogue said. 
• Claudine’s ex-husband, 
Andy 
Wil­ liams, is planning soon to announce his en­ gagement to 21-year-old Laurie Wright, 
THE STAR learned this week. 

TWO housewives have had their business prayers answered — thanks to a boom in second-hand church furniture. 

Doris Cecil and Regina Finnen- ger of Richardson. Tex., went into the antique business a year ago to break the dull routine of house­ work. They began buying up pews, hymn racks and other church items, and quickly discov­ ered they were in big demand from homeowners, posh restau­ rants . . . and even saloons. 

The pews sell for around $35. 
The two women go on antique- hunting expeditions every week­ end in a red pick-up truck, touring churches in rural communities. 

“ We both wanted to break the middle-age hum-drums,” said 
Mrs. Finnenger. “ I can’t type and 
I can’t take shorthand, but I can haul pews.” 

They say their biggest selling items are hymn racks, which fit onto the back of pews to hold hymnals and prayer books. Now they are finding their ways into homes as spice racks, towel hold­ ers and tissue dispensers. 

 after the trial for the shooting death of Spi­ der Sabich, the ski star and her lover. 

The vast majority of the town s residents expressed haired for die French-bom ex­ wife of singer Andy Williams. 
Sabtch was a folk hero in Aspen and had many friend., 
Following Miss longers conviction, she was sentenced to 3o days jail and two years probation 
She was instructed lo pick any time be­ tween now and September to serve the term 
Pitkin Jail recently underwent a $1o ooo renovation but many feel it still lacks the kind of protection Miss Longet might need in a town filled with her avowed enemies. 
There is often only one guard on duty at 

WIFE THANKS 
COPS FOR TE S T 

WHEN Nita Jean Hayden, a 28-year-old 
California housewife, was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol, it was the best thing that could have happened 
A chemical test al the San Diego 
County Jail. Calif., stiowed no trace of alcohol—but it did reveal porphyry, a rare blood disease that can be fatal if untreated 
A sheriff’s department spokesman said Mrs. Hayden, who was released without being charged, never knew she had porphyria 

Pot solesmon aims to sit on city council 

CRAZY Carl the flower peddler lists some unique qualifications in his bid for public office in Austin, 
Tex. 
He has served four days in the city jail, five in the county jail and ten semesters at the Univer­ sity of Texas, nine of them on scholastic probation. 
Crazy Carl — real name Carl 
Hickerson — is running for city council. He says his previous jobs included artist’s model, gogo dancer and a marijuana salesman in Holland 
Carl, 32. balances carnations in tin? palms of his hands at his streetcomer sales stand 
His platform for the campaign includes stopping city growth, arming policemen with tranquiliz­ er dart guns and creating nude swimming areas 

By the time he is a teenager, he has such a taste for sweets that his diet may largely made made up of soda pop, cakes, candy bars, and pizza with a little milk thrown in. 
If you want to do your child a big favor, keep him off sugar. 
Reward him with something else, such as love to sustain him, a steak and fresh salad to nourish him. or a baseball or tennis racket to exercise him. 
Until recently severe malnutrition in children was thought to exist only beyond the borders of the United 
States. Now we know differently. 
A huge number of our children have deficiences in vi­ tamins and minerals, even protein. 
The deficiencies often cause apathy in school, growth re­ tardation and vulnerability to illness. 
Hundreds of thousands of children make their way listlessly, or perhaps belligerently, through school, failing to reach their inherent potential be­ cause teachers, physicians and parents do not rec­ ognize the nutritional cause of their lack of energy. 
Even starting with the prenatal diet we fail them. 
In the United States, an estimated 35,ooo newborn babies die every year because their mothers are un­ dernourished during pregnancy. 
And about 12o,ooo babies are bom malnourished every year. 
What can you do as a parent? 
You should start before the child is even bom. 
Before you get pregnant, get to your ideal weight. If you are more than IO pounds overweight, go on Diet 
#1 described in the first part of this STAR series. 
Pre-pregnancy fatness definitely means a greater chance of complications during pregnancy. 
If you are reducing on Diet #1 and become preg­ nant, stop trying to lose, and adjust your diet to al­ low you to achieve close to the ideal weight gain of 
24 pounds total during pregnancy. 
Even more important, get enough vitamins and minerals. Vitamins E, C, folic acid, pyridoxin, and the mineral zinc are most important 
The single moot important thing you can do after the baby is bom is to breast feed your baby. 
Babies who feed on breast milk, rather than for­ mula, have been shown to have fewer allergies, fewer colds and other l'lnesses, miss fewer days in school, and have fewc* doctor visits. 
Also, be sure to give him vitamin and mineral supplements that contain adequate amounts of all nutrients. 
When your child is ready to start on solids, for heaven’s sake don’t add sugar. 
Even later, do not overstuff your children. Help stamp out the clean-the-plate club. 
Just be sure that when your child is hungry you have plenty of nourishing food for him to eat, so he doesn’t fill up on junk. 
If your child has attacks of paleness, limpness, inattention, staring into space, listlessness, head­ aches. lack of coordination, stupor, convulsions, rapid heartbeats, or sweating, the chances are very great he may have low blood sugar (hypogly­ cemia). 
Those of us who have seen hypoglycemia in chil­ dren know what deep disturbances low blood sugar can cause. 
A child may be subject to anxiety attacks, may run away, may be aggressive and destructive, or he may go to the other direction and be lethargic, apathetic, unable to become interested in anything, with few friends and a poor school record. 
How many times have you seen a mother stand­ ing in the check-out line with a shopping cart piled high with soft drinks, cookies, candies, donuts, and sugar-coated cereal, and right behind her is a screaming, uncontrollable child 
Is it only coincidence? Or is it really a graphic example of what we are doing to our children with the foods we are giving them'’ 

REPRINTED by permission ut Crown ("ublisnrrs Im- (fa 
IM by Hubert C Atkins M 1> mid Shirty Molter Cmdr 
C Alkin* M (I. mid Shirley Cmdr Pace t i m 

 us superm en 
WTT bi Robert 

NEXT WEEK: Dr. Atkins’ lifetime diet for fitness and Superenergy 

BOOZE STUDY IS MAKING 
THE SWINE 

A TEAM of hard drinkers are making pigs of themselves over booze — all in the name of science. 
They're going the whole hog in a study of alcoholism by slurping their way through a quart of vod­ ka a day. 
The dedicated drunks are all . pigs. 

Scientists at the University of 
Missouri hooe that the four-footed tipplers will help them discover more about the effect of alcohol on humans. 
Said one researcher: “ Drunk or sober, pigs are a lot like people in 

O Q n s o 
□□□ ob D a n s araismnnra ramamnrara ramrananra asian asea s s anas a 
B a n Q H C iB 

LIE X 
JL.L 
R S] 

 assn n RISHI 
□a asonia □onssas a aramnn nam n o n b o r anraRO 
□BSB nsanana sauna 
BRRR BRO HnD ROCIO aasDSQ osasBns aas firarauiB rassnmRB roo b r o o s 
(SB □□□ROOB 
oo(33o 
(DBR □ BHH](3El 
BDDOBo ODO 
BB oooo(3 
QORHROD BORS 
BOoBR aaa uauaaoo ooooo 
R R a n n n R R H R O O n (JIRPIRRQCJH 
(DC ODO aaon 
□DBSQDo aaoaia 
□QU) BQQ DBU 3 o o o o 
BOQQRQB lilBUUU QoQB 
o(3oooo UUoOUo13 QUO os uu uuuu unum oo 
BB BQUBUQB oURUoBB 
RBUOoo o o o o o o 

o N p S 

 si I 
1 ,T 

 c h o n i r s a I n g "f IRM 

M i 
PUZZLE SOLUTION 

This heart-throb actor thinks TV is for morons 

PIGS OUT OF 

 ways that are social as well as physical.’' 
The animals prefer screwdriv­ ers — and there are signs that their heavy drinking is already creating problems apart from hangovers. 
In the test, each pig is given all the alcohol it wants three tim es a day By measuring a pig’s drink mg, its feed and behavior, scien­ tists detect changes in its social altitudes. 
The report said pigs are ideal for human alcohol tests. They have sim ilar cardiovascular and respiratory systems, about the same nutritional needs and show similar social behavior. 

A FAULTY HEART IS 
FOUND IN DUMMY’ 

WHEN a California fire fighter. 
Cain* Steven Lujan, volunteered to be a ' dummy’’ he had no idea it might save his life. 
IaiJan, of Stockton, calif , at­ tended a rescue training equip­ ment session at his fire depart­ ment and allowed paramedics to use him to demonstrate an elec­ trocardiograph machine. 
When Lujan was hooked up to the machine, it detected an irreg­ ularity in his heartbeat. He was rushed to a hospital and under­ went treatment for an unsuspect­ ed heart ailment. 

YOUR TWENTY-ONE 
BEST FOOD BUYS 
FOR MARCH 

By CATHY ROUNDS 
HOT meals are still in order this month and pork promises to be one of the best buys. 
Shop around for bargains. 
Here are the other best buys for 
March: 
I: Broccoli is still economical at 69 to 79 cents a bunch. 
2: Carrots go a long way at 25 to 35 cents a bunch. 
3: Cucumbers are a steal at 15 cents each 
I: Iceberg lettuce ranges from 
59 to 79 cents a head. 
5: Yellow onions are a hot item between 29 and 39 cents a pound 
6: Eggplant should be about 39 cents a pound 
7: Potatoes from the Eastern 
Shore range from IO to 15 cents a pound. 
8: Sweet potatoes will sell for about 29 cents a pound. 
9: Butternut squash will go for 
19 cents a pound. 
IO: Vineripe tomatoes will sell for about 59 cents a pound. ll: lied Delicious Apples are a best buy at 39 cents a pound. 
12: Bananas will sell for about 
2o centi. 
13: Grapefruit, like all citrus fruit, was affected by the Florida freeze. They’ll sell for about 15 to 
3o cents, depending on size. 

14: Oranges out of California will go for 5 to 15 cents each. 
15: Pears will be retailing for about 35 cents a pound. 
16: Pick up a dozen large eggs for anywhere from 79 to 89 cents. 
17: Whole leg of lamb will re­ tail for about $1 59 a pound. 

18: 
It s the month for pork chops. liOok for center cut about 
$1 69 a pound. 
19: Boast sirloin of pork is a best meat buy at about $1 3o a pound. 
2o: Cooked hams are another good bargain at about 89 cents a pound, and the shank for about 79 cents. 
21: Chickens, both the broilers and the fryers, will be a good buy al 39 to bu cents a pound, 
Students shy away from 
White House 
I HIRD grade students at a school in 
Beaver 
Dam, 
Wise., were asked: “ Would you like to be 
President?’ Among the answers: 
“ I could make my own rules. 
The worst part about being Presi­ dent is when you get the bills.’’ 
‘ I d rather be a test pilot Being 
President is too much work.’’ 

 wanted nothing to do with Ta­ tum ’s tem permental ways and fil­ thy language. 

Mike's dealing 

WHATEVER happened to Priscil­ la Presley’s ex-boyfriend, the kar­ ate star, Mike Stone?—Pam Ren- zel, Redding, Calif. 
LAST time Mike was heard from he was a blackjack dealer at the 
Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas. He and Priscilla haven’t kept in con­ tact since they split up last year. 

Campbell's vote 

HOW does singer Glenn Campbell feel about Jimmy Carter as Presi­ dent? He’s a southerner, too.— 

I HEAR that singer Tom Jones is so homesick for his native Wales that he has installed a British- style pub in his new Beverly Hills mansion and has English beer specially shipped over. If this is true, why doesn't he just live in 
Wales?—Augusto Rodriguez, Al- burquerque, N.M. 

THE reason is taxes. Back in the green, green grass of home, Tom was shelling out an incredible 96 
B 
?r cent of his earnings to the ritish taxman. Despite the fabu­ lous money he makes, that didn’t leave much for an occasional glass (rf his favorite ale. 

Mickey 
Kentrotti, 
Knoxville, 
Tenn. 

GLENN doesn’t like Carter and didn t vote for him. He doesn’t fee! Carter is enough of a realist to tackle the nation’s pressing problems. But for the most part, 
Glenn says he's not very political­ ly-minded. 

Roots reruns 

I 
SO much enjoyed watching 
Roots on TV, but a couple of nights I had to work late and missed the show. Are there any plans to rerun the series so I can catch up on what I missed?—San­ dra Messinger, Watertown, N.Y. 
YES hut not for at least a year. 
ABC television, which screened 
Roots, says1 that so many people watched the series that it would bt' pointless lo rerun it any soon­ er. However, there is enough un­ used material from Alex Haley’s blockbuster book to make another series. And network chiefs are se­ riously considering this possibili­ ty. 

A ngels unreal 

IM) THE creators of the hit show 
Charlie’s Angels actually expect anyone to believe these girls could be real life detectives?— 
Hank Snow, Tulsa, Okla. 
NO. In fact, Aaron Spelling, pro­ ducer of the show says: “ Anyone who thinks these girls are really detectives is nuts. The focus is ob­ viously on the glamour and the fantasy of the show.’’ 

Life in Wales was just too taxing for Tom Jones 

WHY on e a rth haven’t the net­ w orks rushed to put R ich ard 
(C aptains and the Kings) J o r­ dan into a re g u la r TV series? 
He’s the g re a te st thing around.—L om a Jackson, U ti­ ca, N.Y. 

THE offers for Jordan to do a se­ ries have been flooding in. But 
Jordan doesn’t want anything more to do with television. 
He’s had his agent nix no less than a half-dozen shows. The rea­ son, says the 39-year-old actor, is that: “Television is a medium that has always condescended to the intelligence of the American public.” 
Jordan used 
Captains 
And 
Kings to make him famous, but from now on he wants to do mov- 

Richard Jordan 
Tatum O'Neal 

 ies and stage plays only. In short, he feels Tv is for morons. 
Where's Chevy? 

WHAT’S happened to 
Chevy 
Chase now that he’s left the Satur­ day Night comedy show?—Rex 
Peterson, Tampa, Fla. 
NBC has big plans for Chevy. He just signed a six-figure contract with them for other comedy 

Tatum's tongue 

I HEARD that Paul Newman is set to co-star with Tatum O’Neal in a movie. What is it?—Jim Ro- bleson, Texarkana, Tex. 
THE picture you’re talking about is Six Weeks. It is the story of a young girl dying of leukemia. 
Newman was offered the co- starring role but turned it down. 
He implied very strongly that one of the reasons was because he 

 shows. Also, he ll be starring in a re-make of the movie, The Incre­ dible Shrinking Man, possibly to co-star Jack Nicholson. 

BATTLE REPORT 

Bulletin: Wild Turkey, 
Kentucky’s finest 
Bourbon, is winning with Bourbon drinkers— even invading the home of the Tennessee whiskies. 

This is tile latest report from the front in the war between Kentucky and Tennessee. 
It all began with the introduction of a new 
86.8-Proof Wild Turkey Bourbon—at a price and prexif comparable to 
Tennessee’s leading sour mash whiskies. (Good whiskies, of course, but not quite Wild Turkey.) 
This means that you no longer have to settle for anvilling less than Wild 
I in key.acknow ledged to be the King of all Ken­ tucky Bourbons. 

New Wild Turkey victorious! 

Since the start of this new "War Between the States!’Wild Turkey, at both 1o1 and 86.8 
Proof, has Iven winning over thousands of 
Bourbon drinkers. Our correspondents have even reported a daring invasion of enemy territory: some distinguished citizens of Tennessee have quietly switched to Wild Turkey Bourbon. 
I he new 86.8-Proof Wild Turkey, priced only slightly higher than the leading Tennessee whiskies, stands right next to 1o1-Proof Wild Turkey in your liquor store. Its the only Bourbon that deserves to Iv on the same shelf. 

Bourbon drinkers are the winners. 

We invite you to take sides in the battle. 
Make a comparison between Wild Turkey from Kentucky (in the proof of your choice) 

 and the leading whiskies from Tennessee. 
You'll find this is a "War Between the States" in w hich you, the Bourbon drinker, come out the w inner. All you need to join the invading forces is an appreciation of great Bourbon. 
And a Kiltie of Wild Turkey. 

WI caliber