DIXON 
★ In The STAR 

Alone and jobless 
Displaced homemakers struggle to survive 

Foresight 
Quotients: 
How do you see the Fatale? 
TEST YOURSELF 

I— SWEEPSTAKES '77 

MEXICO CITY DREAM TRIP 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

3 5<t 

APRIL 24, 1977 

THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FORECAST 

Fair, mild. High, near 
8o. Low, m id-5os. D e­ 

SATURDAY TEMPERATURES 
IN COIUMN TWO 

I 

I 
J I 

The packaging o f S. A ’s mayoral candidates 

LILA COCKRELL 
Slain nurse was tortured 

By CECIL CLIFT 
A young Air F orce nurse found dead in her N orthw est 
Side apartment died after being tortured. Deputy M edical E x­ aminer Dr. Carl Walker said 
Saturday. 

The victim, Kathryn Mardi®, 24. was found by her husband spraw led face down next to a bed in their upstairs apartm ent at 
61oo 
III41o 
Friday afternoon. 

Cause of death of the W illard Hall 
USAP Medical C enter n urse was a t­ tributed to lacerations of the neck and shoulder as well as strangulation, Dr. 
Walker said. 

‘’I think if you lacerated a person’s neck and put a belt around the neck and then another cord around the neck. to me that would indicate some degree of torture,” Dr. Walker said. 

The n u r s e ’s h u sb a n d , Lt. J a m e s 
Mardis, a Kelly AFB design officer, told police he discovered his w ife’s body after returning from work shortly after 2 p.m. Friday. 

Mrs. Mardis, clad only in a yellow nightgown, was spraw led in a large pool of blood. 
Dr. W alker said e n c irc lin g M rs. 
M ard is’ neck w ere the n ig h tg o w n ’s belt and a nylon sash cord several feet long. The cord was also wrapped loo­ sely around her body. 
Exam iners also found a cut between 
Mrs. M ardis’ right thum b and index finger. Whatever caused the cuts was not sharp, said Dr. Walker. “ It had a fairly blunt edge,” he explained. 
“ Bruises on her left elbow indicated she may have struggled to ward off her attacker,” said Dr. Walker. 

By RON WHITE 
Mayor Lila Cockrell is stand­ ing in front of City Hall sur­ rounded by seven men bustling about with a television camera, a video monitor, sound monitor and cables stretching across the ground like fat orange snakes. 
Ron Dixon looks at the im age of the mayor on the TV monitor. 
“ Why is she purple?” 
An assistant adjusts the monitor and 

R unning late? 

If the world seem s a bit ahead of you Sunday — or more ahead than usual — chances are you’re still on standard time. 

Well, the rest of Texas isn’t. 

Daylight Saving Time took ef­ fect officially at 2 a.rn. Sunday, stea lin g an hour from us and jum ping the clock forward one hour to make it 3 a.m. 

We might have lost an hour's sleep but DST gives us back an extra hour of dayligh t in the evening. It will last six months, I until the last Sunday in October. J 

Express-News staffer Ron White spent closing weeks of San Antonio’s city elections following behind-the-scenes PR efforts to package the mayoral candidates. Campaign workers agreed to open up to him with the under­ standing that White wouldn't write anything until elections were over. 

Cockrell is a healthy pink again. 
“ O.K. Go ahead.” Dixon says. 
The mayor looks into the cam era for what is now the ninth take of a com ­ m e rc ia l being shot for C o c k re ll's m ayoral re-election cam p aig n . Two m en hold p o ste r b o a rd s w ith the m a y o r’s pitch w ritten on them with 

Magic Markers. 
"M y fello w Son A n to n ia n s. I a p ­ p re c ia te you r c o n tin u e d su p p o rt tis your m a yor . . . . “ She goes through words that are practically memorized by now. Dixon, one of the TV’ com m er­ cial producers for Atkins Advertising. is hunched in front of the monitor. 

 h u g g in g it as th o u g h h e ’s a fra id 
.someone might sw ipe it. 
Suddenly Dixon stan d s up. rolling his eyes with an I - r e a lly - d o n ’t- believe-this expression. Behind the mayor, walking down the steps of City 
Hall — and on cam era — a young man is scratching his rear end. 
Cockrell is unaware of the d istrac­ tion. . . . p le d g e to you th a t I w ill tat file each problem . . . . 
“ Never mind.” Dixon says. “ We’ve 

 lf 

 i M 

JOHN MONFREY 

Your clocks should be turned ahead one hour. 
The easy reminder: spring forward, fall backward. 

So consider yourself sprung. 

Monfrey has lung cancer 

By PAUL THOMPSON 

Millionaire beer distributor John J. 
Monfrey, just defeated for m ayor of 
San Antonio, today faces a shattering personal crisis that tra n sc e n d s all forms of politics—a life or death battle against lung cancer. 
Ethiopia ousts 
U.S, agencies 

Doctors inform ed Monfrey F riday morning, less than a weSfc-^fter final results of his runoff race with Mayor 
Lila Cockrell were in, that they had confirm ed “ the p resen ce of c a r c in ­ om a’’ in his right lung. 
They told him this was established by lull d re s s bronchoscopic e x a m s backed by x-ravs. 
They also said the m alignancy was inoperable, and that Monfrey this week would need to go into an extensive program of cobalt treatm ents and chemotherapy. 
“ It gave Johnny a whole new p er­ s p e c tiv e ,’’ said F ra n k M onfrey, younger brother of the man who in two decades built a beer d istrib u to rsh ip into diversified holdings here worth a small fortune. 
“ We’re hoping for the best — taking 

 things as they come along day to day. 
My brother is tough-minded, not one to talk much or go to pieces. He just lis­ tens to w hat the d o c to rs d isclo se, answers with a yes or no, and that’s about it,” said Frank Monfrey. 

Academic now 

“ The election results last week were certainly depressing to him. But this is som ething altogether different. This m akes politics and the m a y o r’s job kind of academ ic.” 
Dr. ii. Vincent Walker, one of Mon- frey’s personal physicians, said in a statement released Saturday: 
“ Mr. 
Monfrey has a malignancy in his right lung. A specialist will be called in. The patient will receive chemotherapy at once.” 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - The leftist military government of Ethiopia 
Saturday ordered five U.S. government facilities closed and their staffs out of the country within four days. 

A rth u r Tienken, the U. S. charge d ’a f f a ir c in A ddis A b ab a , w as in­ formed of the move by the Ethiopian government, the departm ent said. 
“The United States is protesting the short deadline p erio d ,” the d e p a r t­ m ent sa id , although it d e c lin e d to speculate immediately on the reason 
Russia sends arms into Mozambique 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - The Soviet 
Jnion has sent sizable ship- nents of antiaircraft weapons md artillery to Mozambique in 
•event weeks, according to U.S. ntelligence analysts. 
The arrival of weapons in Mozam- 
>ique is viewed as significant because he arm s have the potential of neu- ralizing R hodesian a ir pow er and 
Inverting re ta lia to r y s tr ik e s into guerrilla s a n c tu a rie s a lo n g th e 
Mozambique border. 
Although Russian antiaircraft guns md a r ti lle r y b egan m o v in g into 
Mozambique about three months ago, he quantity of shipments has picked 

 up in recent weeks, .sources said. The last shipm ent was sighted less than two weeks ago as it was being unloaded in the port capital of Maputo. 
Sources said that the weapons arriv­ ing by ship into Mozambique include 
SAM7’s, a shoulder-fired antiaircraft missle. 122 m illim eter howitzers, as well as T34 tanks and AK47 assault rifles. 
Intelligence officials said the exact quantities of Soviet weapons arriving in Maputo remained unclear, but there had been numerous sightings in recent weeks of ships unloading arm s. 
“ The ship pulls in, the docks close down, the ship workers are sent home and the military moves in,” said one intelligence source. 
HBM 
SSK: I ' 
Inside the Express-News 

Action Express 
A rts.................. 
B usiness............ 
Classified.......... 
Deaths. 

2B 
Magazine 
Section G 
Section C 
27C 
Dedication Rewarded.............. 4M 
Editorials........................................ 
H oroscope............................ • — 
M o v ies................................ Magazine 
P olitics.............................................. 2H 
Chuckle 
Husband to wife: “ Whatever you do, don’t invite the Cosworths. I rn sick of hearing about their 5 4 per cent m ortgage.” 

I I ITH YEAR N O . 59 

Soap O peras.................................... SB 
S ports................................ Section S 
W eather............................................ 2D 
COLUMNISTS 
Ann Landers....................................HE 
Dan Cook......................................... 2S 
Dan K lepper................................ IoS 
Dear Abby.................................. .. SE 
Jack Anderson................................ 6H 
Paul Thompson...............................3A 

S A T U R D A Y ' S T E M P E R A T U R E S 
1 a rn. 
2 a rn. 
3 a m. 
4 a.m. 
5 a m. 
6 o.m. 
7 a.rn. 
8 a.m. 

9 am. 
1o a.m. 
11 a rn. 
Noon 
1 p.m. 
2 p.m. 
3 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

5 p.m. 
6 p m. 
7 p m. 
8 p.m. 
9 p.m. 
1o p.m. 
11 p.m. 

8o 
77 
72 
68 
64 
6o 
57 
Midnight 53 

242 PAGES 

 for the ouster by the government of Lt. 
Col. Mengistu Haile M ariam , the E th­ iopian head of state. 
A White House spokesman said P re­ sident Carter had been told of the ex­ pulsion order but had no im m ediate comment. 
The facilities involved are the Naval 
Medical R esearch C enter, the U. S. 
Information Service and the Military 
Assistance Advisory G roup in Addis 
Ababa and the U. S. Consulate General and Kagnew Station com m unications facility in Asmara. 
The U. S. Embassy in Addis Ababa is not affected by the order, a State 
Department spokesman said. 

Cease 

The spokesm an said T ienken was told that the five facilities w ere to cease operation and that their person­ nel should be repatriated to the United 
States. 

A spokesman for the Pentagon said, it was too early to talk of the logistics of c o m p ly in g w ith th e E th io p ia n government order. 
It w asn't im m ediately known how many American military and civilian personnel were affected by the ouster. 

Relations between the United States and Ethiopia have been deteriorating recently. 

Ethiopian authorities expelled two 
A m ericans in late M arch, ch a rg in g that they were agents of the Central 
Intelligence Agency. 
Fiesta wanes, but not yet 

Fiesta’s 
1o-day run closes 
Sunday, but San Antonio’s an­ nual celebration is not going out quietly. 
Daily events are the Israeli Festival at Agudas Achim Synagogue starling at ll a.iii. and “ A Day in Old Mexico” at noon at the San Antonio C h a rro 
Ranch. 
"A Day in Old Mexico” will feature a charreada. or Mexican rodeo, at 3 p.m. 
C ontinuing events a re the F ie sta carnival in the M arket Square area from noon to midnight, the Fiesta Ex­ hibit at W itte Museum from IO a.m. to 
6 p.m., the Exhibition at McNay Art 
Institute from 2 to 5 p.m. and opera­ tions of Goliad Food Cluster at Hemis- 
Eair Plaza from 7 to ll p.m. 
D etailed listings of events can be found on 
P a g e 
3A of today s newspaper. 

Fiesta beauties 

There was no lack of beauty Saturday night at the Fiesta 
Flambeau Parade, a major event signaling the approach of 
Fiesta ' 77's end. Cindy Brandon topped this float, sponsored by 
USAA. Her companions were, from left, Brenda Gress, Beverly 
Novosad, Diana Bueno and G rade Morales. More photos on 

Another doctor close to the case, w ho asked not to be named, said “ signs of a m alignancy” had been suspected even before the mayoral runoff election of a week ago Saturday. 

“ Monfrey was placed in Nix Hospital four d a y s before the elec tio n with sym ptom s of viral p n eu m o n ia,” the doctor said, adding: 

“ T h ere was so m e th in g about the very first x rays that didn’t look good, tho u g h no one could he s u r e then precisely what was wrong. 

“ it w asn’t until last Thursday night and the extensive bronchoscopic tests th a t c a n c e r was p in p o in ted — the noil-operable kind, m eaning that if the right lung were to be removed it would 

Crash kills 4 

By MARK VILLANUEVA 

A high-speed accident Satur­ day claim ed the lives of four socially prominent Texans re­ turning from a Fiesta garden party. 

T h e four w ere killed a f t e r th e ir v eh icle went out of c o n tro l and 
.slammed into a guard rail on m itt near 
Wurzbach 
Road in northwest 
San 
Antonio. 

K illed w ere Dr. C h r is to p h e r B. 
Skinner, 31, of 1o362 S a h a ra Drive; 
Mrs. Barbara Beckwith Tham es, 3o, of 
917 Ivy Lane, Terrell Hills; Mrs. Kav 
Musgrave, 3o, of 526 Calumet Place; and Louis C. Brashier, 29. of Houston. 

Skinner was a resident surgeon at the University of Texas Medical School at San Antonio. 

The accident occurred about I a.m. afte r the four left an O rd e r of the 
Alamo Queen’s Royal Garden Party at the United Services A utom obile As­ sociation building, HUO and Huebner 
Road. 

The party was originally scheduled for the University of Texas at San An­ tonio Lutcher Center on Ivy Lane, near 
Mrs. T h a m e s ’ hom e, but was later: moved to the USAA building. 
Police reports indicated S kinner s southbound vehicle swerved to avoid hitting another southbound car which was changing from tile right to the left lane. 
The second vehicle was driven by 
Joe R. Straus Jr. of 511 Argyle Ave. 
S k in n e r’s luxury c a r w ent out of I control after swerving, officers said. 
Police m easured about 12o feet of I skid m arks at the site. 
M rs. M u sg ra v e was p ro n o u n ce d ! dead at 4:25 a.m. at Bexar County Ho­ spital. The other victims were dead on) arrival at 2:38 a.in. at Green Hospital. 
Services for Mrs. M usgrave will bel at 4 p.m. Sunday in Nacogdoches. Ser­ v e r s for Skinner are scheduled for! noon 
Monday at 
Porter 
Loring} 
Mortuary. 
Mrs Thames' se n ices will ba at 2.3()| p.m. at Porter Loring Mortuary. 

St. Augustine (Carpet) w 
GRASS . . .FULL PALLET 
V 
# sq. yd. 
LESS THAN A FULL PALLET......................... . 
I . I 7 *q. yd. 
FLOHATAM .. ■FUU PALLET........ ■ » S 9 
*q. yd. 

LISS THAN A FULL PALLET. . 
........... 
I * 3 9 sq. yd. t( W eather Permittii 

COMPLETE C S n Q J Q PRODUCTS AVAILABLE. 
TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS i 
* 
Come Visit Our Complete 6 \ 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with1 everyday “FARM TO YOU"* 
PRICES And SAVE!! 

When it comes to “ pum ping iron,” 
Bort Sandberg and Bob Nelson know w h a t’s up —• so m e tim es, in fact, a million pounds. 
But it’s their minds, not their m us­ cles, that move such m onster m asses off the ground. 
Sandberg and Nelson are heavylift specialists for Bechtel Corp. of San 
Francisco. In that capacity, the pair has shepherded lifting jobs all over the world for Bechtel, a leading interna­ tional construction firm. 
They said they so m e tim e s spend months devising every detail of a lift. 
Last February, they participated in the lifting and setting of the highest and heaviest lift ever undertaken by 
Bechtel, they said. 
They rigged a m achine that coped 

 with a 1.7 million-pound nuclear reac­ tor vessel at the Grand Gulf Nuclear 
Station, near Port Gibson, Miss. 
They plotted their strategy, rigged a giant gantry crane and hauled the huge vessel 125 feet into the air, “ shoved it 
114 across the top of the containm ent s tru c tu re and then g u id ed it down gently into a shield wall with a four- inch clearance.” 

Flip Side 
• of the news 

 pincus 
■compwiY H O U S T O N ST AT BROADWAY 
4i n M cCu l l o u g h 

THE FASHION EASE OF ULTRA SUEDE. The extraordinary lightweight fabric that’s better than the real thing. Luxury combined with practicality. 
SDortcoat in 6 great suede colors, $21o. The casual jacket in 3 shades, $175. 

D O W N TO W N 9:3o TO 5:3o M ON THRU SAT 
SUBURBAN9:3o TO 6:oo MON THRU SAT 

PARKING BEHIND DOWNTOWN STORE 
ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

Lawns®'Beauty^ 
NURSERY 
* 
865o Bandora Road 

Groucho’s guardian angel gets temporary 

 smallpox in three years 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Betty Ford recovering 

F o rm e r F irs t Lady B e tty F o rd rem ain ed in E ise n h o w e r M edical 
C enter for an ex tra day S a tu rd a y because of nausea re s u ltin g from testing procedures, a spokesman said. 

“ There s a little more nausea than anticipated,” said Bob B arrett, spo­ kesman for the Fords. “ Ju st the af­ termath of diagnostic type treatm ent. 
It looks like she’ll stay in till 
Sunday.” 

Barrett said Mrs. Ford, 59, was in the hospital for tests of a pinched nerve aggravated by “ a little bit of arthritis.” 

Muriel 
Humphrey hospitalized 

Muriel Humphrey, who has kept up with her sen ato r h u s b a n d ’s w h irl­ wind pace through 41 years of m a r­ riage, will be taking an enforced rest for the next few weeks far away from the hectic pace of Washington. D.C. 

Mrs. Humphrey. 65, has been ho­ sp ita liz e d in 
M in n e so ta s in c e 
Thursday, when her gall bladder was removed. 

She had known for some time the operation m ight be necessary, and when she became ill last week, doc­ tors urged her not to put it off. 

A Mayo Clinic spokesman said she will stay at Methodist Hospital about a week, then continue recuperating at the family home in Waverly, Minn. 

Sen. Hubert ll. Humphrey plans to c o m m u te from 
W a sh in g to n to 
Waverly on weekends. He himself is recovering from surgery last October to remove a cancerous bladder and subsequent chemotherapy. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1 9 7 7 
India kayos 

Oil blowout massive 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

STAVANGER, Norway - Oil well blowout experts flew in from Texas Saturday to try to cap a burst pipe spreading a huge oil slick in the center of the 
North Sea. 

Red Adair of Houston, perhaps the world's foremost expert in oil rig fires and blow outs, was given the job of dealing with the em erg en cy . A dair sent a two-man team to inspect the s itu atio n but rem a in ed in H ouston pending word from them. 

A 18o-foot-high fountain of crude oil was s p u rtin g from the P h illip s P e ­ tro le u m Co. o ffsh o re d r illi n g rig 
“ Bravo” in the Ekofisk field, 18o miles southwest of this Norwegian oil center. 
The r ig 's 
112 c re w m e n w ere 

 evacuated safely after the pipe broke late Friday night. 
Officials said the oil was gushing out at the rate of about 49,ooo gallons an hour. The slick was about 12 miles long and 1.2 m iles wide as d ark n ess fell 
Saturday night. It was drifting to the southeast. 
Severe pollution 

N orw egian a u th o rities w arn ed of possible severe pollution in a few’ days on the southern coast of Norway, about 
16o miles from the well, and on Den­ m a rk ’s southern Ju tla n d coast, 18o miles away, depending on wind and weather conditions. 
W eather fo re casters said a n o rth ­ eastern wind was expected over the next 24 hours, possibly shifting south­ west Sunday afternoon. Fifteen-foot waves and gale-foree winds buffeted 

 the spill site, where the North Sea is about 23o feet deep. 
A co m p an y sp o k e s m a n sa id members of A dair’s crew inspected the platforni from the air 
Saturday evening. 
Below seabed 

How the Adair team planned to try to shut off the gusher was not known. A 
Phillips spokesman in London said it might be possible to stop the flow with a safety valve some 2oo feet below the seab ed or w ith the 
“ blow out preventer” that was being installed when the blowout occurred. 

Either solution would depend on the am o u n t of d a m a g e c a u s e d by th e blowout, he said. Both methods would require putting men back on the rig. 

Only a month ago Adair, who has 

 become a millionaire dealing with oil well disasters, said in an interview with the British B roadcasting Corp. that a North Sea blowout could occur at any time. 

• Adair’s crews put out the biggest oil well blowout and fire in history several ysars ago at Gassi Touil in the Sahara 
Desert. 

Production was halted at all other wells in the Ekofisk field and aircraft were ordered to stay IO miles from the field. 

Brian C. Hague, a Phillips spokes­ man in London, said a company utility and firefighting vessel was pum ping w a te r on th e p la tfo rm as a fire prevention measure. Officials said gas was escaping from the pipe with the oil, but Phillips said there was little danger of fire. 

NEW DELHI — Medical officials Saturday declared smallpox eradicated in India, leaving only 48 known cases in the world of a disease that has killed, blinded and scarred millions of people. 
As recently as th ree y e a rs ago, a virulent outbreak of a severe type of smallpox swept northern India, it af­ flicted 
188,ooo 
Indians and killed 
31,OIH). 
T he W orld H ealth O rg a n iz a tio n 
(WHO), which has led the cam paign to wipe out the ancient disease, m ade the official declaration after finding India smallpox-free for almost two years. 
WHO officials said the E ast African country of Somalia is now the only na­ tion with known smallpox cases. They said they were optim istic that those cases could be contained and cured and that smallpox could be declared completely eradicated by the end of the decade. 
Humans 

The disease is caused by a virus and transm itted only am ong hum ans. For c e n tu rie s it caused b lin d n e s s , d is ­ figuring scars and death in frequent outbreaks around the world. 
B ut in 1796 an E n g lis h p h y sician nam ed E dw ard J e n n e r developed a v a c c in e th a t p ro v id e d im m u n ity against smallpox. It was wiped out in 
North America and Europe in the early 
195os and in Latin Am erica in 1973. 
Its eradication from this huge nation of 62o million people is considered a key victory in the w ar against the dis­ ease and one of the most rem arkable accomplishments in m edical history. 
Many health experts have said India presented the greatest hurdle to the attack on smallpox because of its im ­ m ense size, its difficult te rrain , the 

ERIN FLEMING 

Som alia is now the o n ly nation with known sm a ll­ pox ctises 

 rem otenessTH riany of its 55o,ooo vil- lages and the size of its population. 
But WHO and the Indian governm ent mobilized 33,ooo Indian w orkers on a full-tim e b asis and an o th e r 15o,ooo part-time workers into an aggressive organization bolstered by 23o health specialists from 3o countries. 
The workers fanned out across India to vaccinate villagers, educate ru ra l health workers about smallpox sym p­ tom s and end v illa g e rs ’ fe a rs and superstitions. 
A fter c e n tu r ie s of s m a llp o x o u t­ breaks, many Indians had come to ac­ cept the disease as a part of life. Hin­ dus even worshipped a smallpox god­ dess called Mala and often resisted vaccination on religious grounds. 
; 
The effort paid off and on May 24, 
1975, th e w o rk e rs found w h a t is believed to be India’s last sm allpox victim. WHO demands that a country rem ain sm allpox-free for about two y ears before the disease can be d e ­ clared eradicated. 
The organization put India under a rigorous surveillance program that in­ clu d ed re w a r d s of $125 to a n y o n e reporting w hat proved to be a smallpox case. 
Other disease 

There were many such reports, WHO officials said, but in each case what was thought to be smallpox turned out to be chicken pox or some other dis­ ease. 
This m onth a 1o-m em ber in te rn a ­ tional com m issio n of public health specialists cam e to India to evaluate the smallpox surveillance system. Its final report certified that smallpox had been eradicated. 
“ Since the requirem ents for sm all­ pox e ra d ic a tio n , as defined by the 
WHO expert com m ittee on sm allpox eradication, have been m et, the com ­ mission concludes that smallpox has been e r a d ic a te d from I n d i a , ” th e group’s final report said. 
So now the international sm allpox workers who have been overseeing the surveillance at the village level are preparing to go home, many of them to take up private practice as physicians. 
Others will go to Somalia to fight the smallpox outbreak there and some w ill go to a r e a s such as E th io p ia an d 
Bangladesh to continue surveillance work. 
Some physicians had hoped the a.n- tismallpox organization here could be converted into a medical care delivery system for family planning and d is­ eases such as m alaria . 

D.< 

Wanted: 
Lt. Governor 

Dale Parker, who is advertising in 
Florida newspapers to find a lieuten­ ant governor running mate, said Sa­ tu rd ay he is still looking but now wants the spot filled by a woman. 
P ark er, a candidate for governor next year, said he has received 46 replies to the ads be took out last month but that so far he hasn’t found a qualified candidate. 
“ I’ve been extremely gratified by the response I ’ve gotten,” he said. 
“ But after talking to the applicants, most agreed with me that they didn’t have all the qualifications necessary for the job.” 
P arker, 51. is a retired aerospace w orker w ho lives in Orlando. He’s the sixth person to file papers declaring he will enter the 1978 governor’s race. 

Pumping iron is okay, but tons at a time? 

 credit Miss Flem ing with infusing his old age with a new vitality. 
“ He was withering on the vine until she entered the picture,” said a Marx relative. 
But on F rid a y , M iss 
Flem ing was suspended as M a rx ’s te m p o r a r y co n s e rv a to r, en d in g a spectacular and at times shabby court battle. The ju d g e sa id te stim o n y showed “ an ex tra o rd in ­ ary degree of domination and co n tro l o v er M r. 
M a rx ’s m in d and his will.” 
The judge nam ed Nat 
P e r rin , a lo n g -tim e friend of G roucho, to handle his affairs, and set a hearing for May 13 on p e titio n s by M iss 
Fleming and M arx’s son, 

LOS AN GELES (A P) 
— Seven y e a rs ago, a struggling actress w-ith a b a c k g ro u n d in 
S h a k e s p e a re and off- 
Broadway theater headed 
W'est to see if television could give her career a boost. 
Instead, Erin Flem ing abandoned the stage and attached herself to a re­ tire d co m ed ian who is among the world's grea­ test. 
She took it upon herself to rejuvenate his career and wove herself so thor­ oughly into his life that, ac co rd in g to co u rt te s ­ tim o n y la st w eek, she once d e c la re d : “ I am 
Groucho Marx ... I made him ... I am G roucho 
M arx.” 
H ard ly — sin ce the m ost successfully zany 
Marx B rothers pictures w ere m a d e b efo re the 
37-year-old actress was even born. 
But those around the 
86-year-old 
Groucho 

FAA worker killed in D.C. bomb blast 

WASHINGTON (AP) — A pipe bomb planted in­ side a workm an’s toolbox exploded in a locker room at Washington National Airport Saturday, killing a janitor. 
The area was immediately sealed off by the FBI which began a search of the airport. 
The dead man was identified as an employe of the 
Federal Aviation A dm inistration. His nam e was withheld pending notification of next of kin. 
Airport spokesman David Hess said workmen in the area heard an explosion about ll a m. The jani­ tor, who had been alone in the locker room, “ stag­ gered into an adjoining room and fell over,” the spokesman said. 
Hess quoted Robert G. Kunkle, agent in charge of the Alexandria, Va. FBI office, as saying, “ There was quite a bit of shrapnel.” 
Hess said the janitor was pronounced dead at the scene. It was not known if the tool box was accessible to a number of airport employes or if it belonged to the janitor alone. 

RETIRED ARMY Gen. Lucius Clay is shown outside his Chatham, Mass., home before celebrating his 8oth birthday Saturday. Gen. Clay was commander of the U.S. Forces in Eu­ rope from I 947 to 1949. 

HENRY WINKLER, better known to millions of television watchers as 
“ The Fonz” of “ Happy Days,” shares a hug and a kiss with children at the New York School for the Deaf during a visit he paid to the school last week. 

The picture that em erges o f Miss 
Fleming is so divided that observers often wondered if she were one per­ son or two 

A rth u r, to become p e r ­ m a n e n t c o n s e rv ato r of the comedian and his es­ tate. 
Perrin said he did not know w hether Marx, in failin g h ealth an d fre q u e n tly co n fu se d , knew 
“ th e d epth of w h a t’s been g o ing on here, the seriousness and the ugliness of it. And I don’t intend to acquaint him with that.” 
T he p ic tu re th a t em erges of Miss Fleming is so d iv id ed th a t o b ­ servers often wondered if she were one person or two. 
As d e s c rib e d in t e s ­ timony by form er Marx nurses, the green-eyed actress was a badgering, obscenity-shrieking to r­ mentor, who left the frail com edian terrified and trembling. 
Drugs 

 the whole world. Grou- cho’s in love with her.” 
G roucho used to tell in te rv iew ers that “ the rela tio n s h ip betw e en 
Miss Fleming and myself is purely physical.” But a c c o rd in g to h er, th is was a myth. a part of the leering Groucho image it becam e her life work to produce and sell. 
“ She has made him a half-million to a million d o lla rs since sh e h as come into his life,” says a source close to Groucho 
— and has taken 15 per cent as his manager. 

Once a music student at the University of To­ ro n to , 
M iss F le m in g pursued a career on the stage. At Stratford, On­ tario, she grounded h er­ se lf in 
S h a k e s p e a re . 
Later, in New York, she acted off-Broad way and w as involved in s ta g e production. 
Som e sm all m ovie p a r ts ca m e and w ent, along with a husband. 
Looking for new oppor- tu n itie s in H ollyw ood, 

 she enlisted a friend to gain her an entry. It was talk show host D ick 
Cavett, a Groucho enthu­ s ia s t, who a s k e d the comedian to help her out. 
Now, however, he has re tire d for good, and spends his tim e in his home fighting a series of medical problems. Ever­ yone admits he is hard to deal w ith and 
M iss 
Fleming has been the one who has closely s u p e r ­ vised his care. 
“ I w atch him like 
(m u s e u m d ir e c to r ) 
T om m y Hoving g u a rd s his paintings at the New 
York M etropolitan M u­ s e u m ,” she once said. 

At one time, there were p la n s for G ro u ch o to adopt her. 
G roucho, M iss F le m ­ ing told an interviewer, 
“ is the only man who has given me encouragement sin ce m y fa th e r died when I was 14. 

“ W hatever I w ant to do, he says, ‘You can do it, 
E r i n . ’” 

A tto rn ey s for A rth u r 
Marx produced witnesses who told of finding con­ cealed hypoderm ic s y r ­ inges and d ru g s at the comedian’s home, which they viewed as possible evidence of an attempt to im properly drug M arx. 
Som e of the fo rm e r nurses claimed the drugs we t* to keep Marx quiet and submissive, and said they s o m e tim e s threw the d ru g s away ra th e r than adm inister them as 
Miss Flem ing instructed. 

O th ers described h er as the woman who kept 
M arx alive. Zeppo, 74, the only other surviving b ro th er, said: “ I think she is the greatest girl iii 

''Sp! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 
H 

Police eyed in investigation o f auto theft ring 

 selling cars to policemen for years out of friendship, the investigator said. 
Another investigator said up to 2o(1 automobiles and trucks may be in­ volved in the theft ring. A loan em­ ploye from a major local bank repor­ tedly has been fired as a result of the probe. 

The Department of Public Safety is also investigating the ring and has or­ dered all card files from at least one 
San Antonio dealer “ pulled” from the 
DPS files. 
Thief Peters said it may be days. weeks or longer before the probe is completed. 

Blind Kelly workers get the feel o f jobs 

Five blind workers at Kelly 
AFB have developed a sensitive touch in their fingers to “ get the feel” of their jobs in the base’s engine maintenance facility. 
The blind workers detect and smooth knicks and burrs on 179 aircraft engine blades in the Maintenance Engine 
Division. 
The five men, Joe Gonzales, Alejan­ dro Carrillo, Joe Montoya, Tomas Vil­ lareal and Eddie Gutierrez, are all parts reworkers in the Parts Rework 
Function. 
They run their hands over blades to feel for burrs and knicks, which they smooth out on a lathe. 
Better job 

Glen A. Symons, chief of the shop, said the men do a better job on blades than a person with good eyesight. This is because they have compensated for the lack of sight w ith a highly developed sense of touch, he said. 
Symons’ crew, consisting of 34 em­ ployes, also includes Paul Araizo, who lost the use of both legs when he stepped on a mine in Vietnam, and 
Innocente Vallejo, who lost his right arm in an accident. 
Symons described the seven men as 
"beautiful people,” who put in a full day’s work and require less supervi­ sion than the average employee. 
Blades on which the handicapped work make up vanes that suck air 

 which is compressed and mixed with fuel to drive turbines in .179 engines. 
The .179 powers the B-52 Stratofur- tress, the* biggest bomber iii tin* Air 
Force. 

Still to be sworn in are Bernardo 
Eureste, District 5, Joe Webb. District 
2. and Frank Wing, District 4. 

Eureste and Webb both have swear­ ing-in scheduled for ti p.m. Monday. 
Eureste’s will bt* at Lowell Junior 
High School, 919 Thompson Place. 
Webb’s is scheduled for his campaign headquarters at 527 Center St 

Wing’s ceremony is pending because of a court challenge to establish Wing s legal residence. 

DANGLE SAND 
DOLLAR RING 

DANGLE ICTHUS 
RING 

DANGLE ST. 
THERESA RING 

DANGLE 
HEART RING 

GRADUATION GIFTS 
MEAN 
JAMES AVERY 
May brings both Mother's Day and graduation gift opportunities 
. . . none better than the unique handcraf­ ted jewelry by James Avery, always in 14 karat gold and sterling silver. 
THE HARRIS SHOP FOR PAPPAGALLO 
671o N. N EW BRAUNFELS 
828-2281 
BankAmericard and MasterCharge 

By CECIL C LIFT and JESSE 
CLEM ENTS 

Special events draw revelers for Fiesta fun 

Arsonists suspected in 2 fires 

■ 
Two separate fires believed to have been set by arsonists gutted two Near 
* North Side businesses Saturday. 
Fire officials said they could not find a cause for the blazes and called for arson investigators. 
- A building housing Auto Beauty Co.. 
215 W. Jones Ave., was gutted by a blaze at 12:32 a.m.. Acting Dist. Fire 
Chief Alfred Gibson said. 
*'/ Gibson estimated damages at $1,5oo 
<-To the building and $2oo to its co n te n ts . 
Also hit by a separate fire was St. 
M a r y 's Ice House. 33oti N St. Mary's 
-St 
:™ The ice house fire, reported at 4:58 
-•a.m., caused damages estimated at 
$3,ooo to the building and $2,5oo to its contents, Gibson said. 
- 11 

POLISH DANCERS S ta n ley K r z y w a k and Rosine S yko w ski p ro v id e e n te rta in m e n t 
S atu rd ay a t King W illia m Fair 

STAFF PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

Police Chief FL E. Peters said 
Saturday the department is in­ v estig a tin g the p o ssib ility policem en are involved in a gigantic car-truck theft ring. 
“ We’re working like the devil on the investigation,” he said, “ but at this time, we have nothing new to report.” 
Despite the reassignment of one of­ ficer. the probe thus far has cleared policemen of any complicity, another investigator said. 
A top investigator involved with the case told the Express-News the officer has been transferred tem porarily as the probe continues. 

By D A V ID HENDRICKS 

San Antonians took advantage of a sunny afternoon Saturday to flock to each of three special 
Fiesta events by the thousands. 

The one-day King William Fair and the Fiesta Oyster Bake, at St. Mary’s 
University, as well as the last day ol 
Sight Iii Old San Antonio each teemed with crowds of Fiesta goers. 
, MOSA could have been more accurately called Afternoon in Old San 
Antonio, having been extended to Sa­ turday afternoon after last Tuesday 
^evening’s rain deluge shortened the first evening of MOSA. 
"Attendence was light as the gates opened at La Villita, but grew steadily 
'.as the afternoon wore on and the time neared for the 
Fiesta 
Flambeau 
[parade. 
' Two booths which stayed busy, how­ ever, were M aria’s T o rtilla ’s, as al­ lays. and the clovvn-face painting 
• booth. 
U « 
King William 

A short distance away and in a calmer atmosphere, crowds wandered up and down King William Street en­ joying the fair. 
The most popular attraction was the historic homes on the street. Lines for i4-our.s of the richly furnished homes 
Stretched out onto the tree-shaded street. 
‘ * However, fair-goers of all ages also enjoyed ail arts and crafts exhibit and food and drink booths. 
The warm afternoon encouraged many people to bring sun-bonneted 

 babies in strollers. They were enter­ tained by bands and magic shows. 
The fair was only slightly marred by the fainting of an elderly woman. EMS quickly arrived at 2 p.m. to treat the woman. 
The Oyster Bake again proved its popularity, especially with St. Mary’s students. 
Although shrimp and oysters were the featured dishes, corn on the cob, shish kebob and pizza proved the most popular foods. 
Some Oyster Bake participants en­ joyed smashing cascarones, confetti- filled eggs, on friends’ heads. 

Are you 

% / the big 
WINNER? 

4 The dav of the SLPERPRIZK is here: The Express and News giant 
$5o,ooo Sweepstakes ‘77 ends today with a bang and a super big prize up for grabs. 
II yours is the lucky Social Security number in the BONUS NUMBER 
 yourself $1,ooo in prizes. 
Arid if you’re a present subscriber to the d a ily San Antonio Express and the N e w s , you’ve also won a fabulous trip for two to Mexico City w ith $1,ooo cash in your pocket tor meals and extra fun. 
If yo u presently subscribe to one of the papers, you’ll get the trip and 
$5oo in fulltime cash. 
Today’s winning numbers are on 
 you’re the winner of the prize indi­ cated. All prizes must Ik* claimed by the given deadline Monday or they will be forfeited. j 

SERVING up b a k e d o ysters — h o t on th e shell — a t the 
St. M a r y ’s U n iv ers ity O y s te r B a k e a re Fred P fe iffe r, left, and D w ig h t C h u m b ley 
STAFF PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

ISHO safety resurfacing project begins M onday 

Work is scheduled to begin 
Monday on IBIO from Nogalitos 
Street east to Hackberry Street for a pavement safety overlay. 

The 2.ti mile project includes sealing the bridge surfaces with a double coating of oil and gravel, roadway level-up where needed, and the ap­ plication of a safety overlay of asphal­ tic concrete pavement. 
When completed, this portion of IU Kl 

 will be smoother and will have a skid resistant riding surface. 
The northbound IH35 entrance ramp to eastbound HUO will be closed when work begins. M otorists using this ramp are urged to select an alternate route. 
The Highway Departm ent said because of weather, it is difficult to estim ate how long the ramp w ill remain closed. 
The work on the repaving is expected to last about three months. 

M A Y O R COCKRELL re c e iv e s o a th fro m Judge K lin g e m a n 
Mayor, 3 new associates take oaths o f office 

Thompson 

Paul Thompson is on special assignment. 
His column will ap­ pear in 
Monday’s 
News and will be in next Sunday’s Ex­ press-News as usual. 

The officer in question reportedly was one who approved a number of new title applications for persons who falsely claimed the cars had been wrecked and repaired. 
When asked if policemen may be involved in any wrongdoing, the chief said, “ We are looking into that pos­ sibility.” 
The investigator said the registra­ tion numbers on 12 to 14 of 3o vehicles sold by one auto dealer investigated proved to be stolen. 
He said the numbers were so clever­ ly changed detection of alteration was not possible without a chemical test. 
Although about 25 policemen have bought cars from this particular- dealer. indications are these vehicles were not stolen, he added. 
The dealer being probed has been 

Sunday 
1 ideas 

 indoors, 
, outdoors, all around the R iv e r C ity 

(F ree events, unless otherwise indicat ed, for you and your fam ily today.) 
IS R A E L I F E S T IV A L — 
Israeli Festival begins at l l a m . at the Agudas Achira 
Synagogue. Admission charge 
A DAY IN OLD M E X IC O — 
A Dav in 
O d M exico begins at noon at the San 
Antonio Charro Ranch. 
RO D E O — 
The C h a rre a d a (M exic an rodeo) will begin at 3 p.m. at the San 
Antonio Charro Ranch. 
E X H I B I T — 
The F ie s ta 
E x h ib it at 
W itte M e m o ria l M u s e u m a n d the San 
Antonio Museum of Transportation will be open from IO a m. to 6 p.m. 
E X H IB IT IO N — 
The 47th A rtist E x ­ hibition will be from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. at the McNciy Art Institute 
O P E R A — 
Beiar O p era W orkshop s 
‘ The Ola M aid and the Th ief" at 3 p.m. at 
Boerne Middle School. Tickets, $1.5o for adults, $1 for children under 12. 
C O N C ER T — 
G ary W right, keyboard virtuoso will ap pear in co ncert at 7:3o p.m. with rock groups Star Castle and 
B lack Foot at M u n ic ip a l A u d it o r iu m . 
Tickets are $6.25 and $6.75. 
C O N C E R T — 
T h re e local classical guitarists, M ike Kaipust, L a r r y Michaels and Jim Lawrie, will perform in a recital at 8 p.m. at St. M a r y ’s U niversity Con­ tinuing Education Center. 
D A N C IN G — 
The Trinity International 
F olk D a n c e rs offer in s tr u c tio n e v e ry 
Sunday from 5 p.m. to 8:3o p.m. in the 
Sams Center Ballroom at Trin ity. 
C O N C E R T — 
Works of several local members of the National Assn. of Com posers, U.S.A., will perform their works at 
3 p.m. in Trinity University’s Ruth Taylor 
Recital Hall. . 
T H E A T E R 
— The C hurch Th eater's production of the comedy " T w o for the 
Seesaw'' will be at 3 p.m. Reduced prices. 

By A LA N B A IL E Y 
Mayor Lila Cockrell, saying 
San Antonio is on the brink of achieving true grea tn ess as a city, was sworn in Saturday for another two years. 
Mayor Cockrell and three new members of the council took the oath of office Saturday in ceremonies at three locations. 
Taking the oaths Saturday were Mrs. 
Helen Dutmer, District 3; Rudy Ortiz, 
District ti, and Joe Alderete Jr., Dis­ trict 7. 
Mayor Cockrell used the occasion to be sworn in with Mrs. Dutmer in cer­ emonies at City Hall. 
Historic 
“ This is a historic* occasion because it’s the first time in San Antonio’s his­ tory that two women will serve on the 
City Council. II deserves special recognition,” said Mayor Cockrell. 
Mayor Cockrell and Mrs. Dutmer received the oaths from Judge Fred V. 
Klingeman of the Fourth Court of Civil 
Appeals. Judge Klingeman is a cousin. by marriage, to Mayor Cockrell. 
Both the mayor and Mrs. Du tiller thanked their families, friends and campaign workers who fille d City 
Council chambers for the ceremony. 
Mayor Cockrell said, “ My first ex­ pression is to ask all citizens to put the strife and discord of the past and the previous battles behind them to join iiands to make San Antonio a lovely city and to improve the quality of life and economic benefits for a ll.” 
‘On brink’ 
The mayor said she was looking for­ ward to two active years as mayor of a city which stands “ on the brink of achieving true greatness as a city.” 

Alderete received his oath from City 
Clerk Garland Jackson under a tent on the front lawn of St. Dominic Catholic 
Church, 5919 Ingram Road. 
Alderete was the only politician Sa­ turday taking the oath who did not give a speech. Ile said he wanted to keep the ceremony short. 
Alderete did introduce his w ile, 
Christine, and their new baby son. Joe 
Alderete III, who was horn last Sun­ day, the day after the runoff election. 
Alderete did ask State Rop. Matt 
Garcia, a relative, to address the some 
75 people. Garcia called Alderete’s election the beginning of a new era of city politics in San Antonio. 
Ortiz 

More than IOO supporters attended the swearing-in of Ortiz at Pablo’s 
Grove, which turned into a tamale and beer party after the ceremony. 
Dist. Judge John G. Benavides ad­ ministered the oaths of office, first in 
F^nglish and then in Spanish. 
“ This victory is not mine alone, but also the volunteers’. We got united for a major victory for the people. The people have the balance of power and the old balance of power is no more,” said Ortiz. 

O rtiz also took time to introduce many of his campaign workers. 

The various ceremonies were a t­ tended by many local and state officials. 

The new municipal court judge. Al­ bert Pena, attended all the swearing-in ceremonies. 

Saturday’s swearing-in still leaves three councilmen yet to take the oaths of office. 
Eureste 

Officer 

2oo with trade-in 

 each piece of Claudia, 
4.oo without trade-in 
3So with trade-in 

 each piece of Cascade, 
5.5o without trade-in 
4 5 o 

 with trade-in 

 each piece of Belfast, 
6.5o without trade-in 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy April 24 1977 
Discharges going well 

JOSKE' 
GREAT 
^ rn Wk wmbmmM wMm mm 
Jkm 
GLASS TRADE-IN* 

Want Ads 
CALL 
225-1666 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) 
— Timothy R eichm uth was just 5 years old when the United States entered the Vietnam war. Now, the 18-year-old A rm y private is processing dis­ charge papers for Viet- nam-era deserters. 
“ I guess it’s kind of a good thing,” Reichmuth said of 
P resid en t 
C arter’s offer of less- than honorable dis­ charges for noncombat deserters. ‘‘They weren't going to catch them an­ yway.” 

During the first week of the program , eight men w ere d isch arged here after one day of ad­ m inistrative and legal paperwork at Ft. B en ­ jam in H arrison, h ead­ quarters for the Army program. Four of those had lived in the United 
States since their deser­ tion, and four in Canada. 
Ordinary 
Among them were bu­ sinessmen, a farmer and a reporter — ordinary looking men. They were not what Reichmuth had 

 expected. 
‘‘I thought people would come in with long hair and look grubby. 
We talked, just like an­ ybody else,” he said. 
‘‘They w ere very nice,” added Pvt. Gail 
Hanson. “We were told to expect a hassle about the 
Army or their opinions about the war. 
But they’ve been gone for a long time. They’re happy to be discharged.” 
Sgt. George Preston, who is working with the program, said it was long 

 overdue. 
“ I think it should have been done a long tim e ago,” he said. ‘‘To see these guys come back, to set an example, it took a lot of courage. I don't look down on them at all.” 
Preston, 28, was in col­ lege at the height of the war. 
“I was 1-A all the way. 
I was just fortunate not to get called up ... I don’t know w hether I would have run or gone on,” he said. 

Nils Swenson was one of the first to take ad­ vantage of Carter’s pro­ gram. He deserted at Ft. 
Knox, Ky., five years ago, and has since been living in Canada, farm ­ ing IOO acres at the small 
Ontario com m un ity of 
Thedford. He said his neighbors warned him not to risk a trip to the 
United States, even to clear his record. 
Once here, Swenson said he was pleasantly surprised at his recep­ tion. 

 raw materials 

Largest Selection in San Antonio 

Prepared 

A COUPLE riding a motorbike on Interstate 
94 near the University of Minnesota was equipped for any emergency. The makeshift carrier on the back of the bike contained a backpack, an umbrella and a pair of crutches. — AP Wirephoto 
Move on to curb nuclear 

*OR, WE'LL RECYCLE YOUR OLD GLASSWARE, 
WHILE YOU SAVE ON OUR CRYSTAL STEMWARE 

Remember the glasses you collected from Feltz- er's Fill-R-Up gas station? You know, the ones that have those cute wildlife pictures on them and you thought they'd look good in your den. 
Now you've discovered they don't fit and you want to get rid of them. Well, you can bring them to us and we'll give you 2.oo off toward a piece of fine Import Associates lead crystal stemware. Select from 3 patterns, classically plain Claudia, traditionally cut Belfast or ro­ mantically etched Cascade. You also have your 

 choice of five shapes, goblet, saucer-cham- pagne, wine, cordial, and flute champagne. So gather those gas station glasses, juice glasses, any stray glasses and bring them in. They'll be taken to Goodwill where good people with a will to work will be making good use of them. 
But it's for two weeks only, so come on in. 
You'll save money as you help Goodwill. Glass­ ware, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and 
Austin. And of course, you can charge it! 

CLOCK REPAIR 
CHARLOTT’! 
ANTIQUES & CLOCKS 

IS AUSTIN HWY.655’6661 

Open IO A.M .-5 P.M. M on. thru Sot. 

BANKAMERICARD & MASTER CHARGE 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— Britain and Russia are promoting a joint initia­ tive — with probable backing from the United 
States — to slow the spread of tools and ma­ terials that could make nuclear weapons. 
The d ev e lo p m en t, reported by European and U.S. officials, comes as the Garter ad m in is­ tration sets out to rally world backing for build­ ing an ordered interna­ tional energy program based on shared aims. 
In advance of two major parleys on nuclear energy developm ent — first in London, this week, then in Salzburg, 
Austria — the informants outlined the 
British-Soviet plan: 
Surveillance 
It proposes a ban on the sale of all plants, equip­ ment techn ology and fuels listed as sensitive to would-be user nations unless those nations ex­ pose all their nuclear en­ ergy installations to con­ stant su rveillan ce and inspection. 
A draft of the British- 
Soviet proposal already has been circu lated among the 15 members of the so-called “ Nuclear 
Suppliers’ Club.” These are mainly European and 
North A m erican coun­ tries, plus Japan, able to export n uclear te c h ­ nology. 
Among item s subject to the ban, listed in the 
V ienna-based Interna­ tional A tom ic E nergy 
Agency docum ent, are such things as: 
•Defined categories of nuclear reactors. 
• Reactor metal pres­ sure vessels designed to contain m ore than IOO gram s of plutonium yearly. Plutonium can be 

 used for bombs. 
•Reactor control rods which can be used in plutonium 
- producing reactors. 
•H ea v y w ater and deuterium which can be used in reactors for the production of plutonium. 
•And a host of other techn iqu es and eq u ip ­ m ents, m a teria ls and chemicals on a socalled * 
“trigger list” that would enable a d eterm in ed governm ent to go nu­ clear. 
The Carter a d m in is ­ tration seem s ready to support the 
B ritish- 
Soviet plan whether or not it applies to nations which are parties to the ► world treaty to stop the spread of n uclear weapons. In some situa­ tions the U.S. g o v er n ­ ment would need to ren­ eg o tia te various of its 
3o-odd nuclear coopera­ tion accords with foreign countries. 
Canada favors 
Canada has been so much in favor of the plan that it is contemplating onesided application of its rules w hether the whole plan is accepted internationally or not. 
The British-Soviet plan has a particu lar s i g ­ nificance for the Carter administration. This is because the United States is pondering whether, in the future, to supply an­ ything in the nuclear field to countries which have declined to sign or ratify the world non­ proliferation treaty d e­ signed to check the further spread of nuclear weapons. Experts in the administration are split. 
Some raise the case of 
Taiwan, and Korea, both with nuclear programs, both nonadherents to the treaty. 
* 

SHOP ALL STORES 
IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 
BB A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

★ World’s finest 
Grandfather Clocks all with Westminster Chimes 

FAMOUS 
NAME 
BRANDS 
LIKE 
RIDGEWAY, 
COL­ 
ONIAL, 
HOW ARD 
MILLER, 
DECOR, HERSCHEDE, SETH 
THOMAS, PEARL. 

Efegr . Mother’s 
Day Special 

SAVE 
*1oo to *3oo 

Briscoe eyes gas flow halt interstate 

HOUSTON (AP) — Gov. Dolph Briscoe said 
Saturday he believed congress will kill some sec­ tions of President Carter’s energy program, and lie left open the possibility that Texas might stop the flow of natural gas to other states. 
Briscoe told a news conference there were some legal question concerning a stoppage of interstate gas “ and I think the first thing to do is concentrate on Congress. I believe the American people want fewer regulations, not more, and Congress will get the message.” 
The governor said, however, he would not “ rule out the option of halting the flow of gas out of Texas, 
I’m not ruling out any alternative.” 
Gov. Edwin Edwards of Louisiana said during a recent speech in Houston that he could and he would, if necessary, halt the flow of natural gas from his state to the northeastern section of the nation. 
Campaigned for President 
Briscoe, w ho campaigned long and hard for Carter during the campaign, was asked if he felt the Pre* sklent had reneged on early promises. 
The Texas governor answered, “ Obviously there is a basic disagreement between me and the President. 
But, I want to disagree without being disagreeable. 
“ I hope the President, will see the energy problem in a different light as time goes by and learn to trust the free enterprise system. The energy program only proves that the Washington bureaucracy has won and the people of the nation lost,” he said. 
The Carter program, Briscoe said, “ is extremely dangerous for T exas. I was su rp rised and disappointed by the program. The proposed gasoline tax increase would cost Texans $6.6 billion a year.” 
Main thrust 
The governor's main thrust was against federal regulation on intrastate gas. He called it a “ bank­ ruptcy measure that would put many Texans out of work and close many of our industries, 
“ The energy crisis and shortage actually started in 1954 when federal regulations were first placed on interstate gas. Now they want it on intrastate gas. 
“ There are some people in Washington who believe that the energy problem can’t be solved w ithout government intervention We in Texas think differently and we believe Congress will too,” he said. 
Visitors view 
White I louse garden area 

WASHINGTON (A P ) above a handball back- 
— The gates to the White board on the tennis court. 
House garden were to keep balls from get- opened for three hours ting stuck. 
Saturday, giving the 
The elm tree, on the public a chance to take a south lawn, is approx- presidential-like stroll imately 15o years old Its am ong the tulips and low’er trunk is bare of pansies, oaks and an elm branches, dating to the days of John 
A zaleas and holly 
Quincy Adams. border the lily pond 
Boy Scouts from North 
Hand and footprints of 
Caldwell, N J ., pointed 
Johnson’s grandchildren out to each other the tree were placed in a cement house built, for President slab leading up to the 
C arte r’s 
9-year-old pond daughter Amy. 
There is a giant 
Other youngsters knelt 
Sequoia, now 12 feet at the lily pond and the high, that, was planted by children’s garden built. 
President and Mrs. Ri­ d d in g President Lyndon chard M. Nixon on May 5, 
B. Johnson’s tenure and 
1971. A color photograph reached in the water to shows it when it was tug at the lilies. planted reaching up to 
“ It’s very pretty,” said the President’s waist. 
Charlene Svoboda of 
Platform 
Lakewood. Ohio. visiting 
The J “ house is a c . 
Washington on a vaca- tual|y a pIatform ,le. signed by the President 
U s e s and built off the ground 
The 
White 
House with branches of an Atlas grounds have been used pine native to North for weddings, press con- 
Africa spreading around fe m m e s. E a ster egg it, rolls, helicopter arrivals 
The well-trimmed sta- and departures, and tely south grounds are a private conferences. far cry from the barren 
While the v isito rs expanse strewn with strolled during the hot, building m aterials and muggy afternoon, work- rubble that greeted John men fixed chicken wire 
Adams, the nation’s second President, when he moved into the then- 
C j l new White House at the beginning of the 19th 
/ * • 
• 
I century. l l I I I S l l 
During the Civil War, 
A. l i n o a.rn troops were bivouacked on the lawn when a w a 
Abraham Lincoln lived in 
I U M I the White House. 
About 8oo runners fin- 
Rosalyn!! Carter, the iblied iii Saturday’s Pies- Presid en t’s wife. wel­ ly 
San 
Antonio corned the visitors in a 
IO,ooo-meter 
Mission small booklet presented 
Run but Ernest Fischer to them. was first of them all. 
“ Everywhere on the 
Fischer ran the course White House grounds you from Mission Park to will be walking along the 
Espada Mission and back paths of American his- in ai minutes and 
46 tory,” she wrote. “ There seconds. is hardly a spot where 
Some 1.ooo persons something of sig- started the grueling nificance did not take marathon. p la c e 
___________ 

E X P R E S S - N E W S 

Pubtobed eocK Soto'doy. Su o d o y o - d lo b o * D a y 
, 
D a y 
. 
4. C h m t - c , 
DO V M e w Ve al'J D o v w hen they a c C V M o -d o y ttwough fn d o y 
4 lso p ub *i*h»d .on a M o *d o y . 
» H * n July 4. C M ,V T O * Day, N e w v ? o r s D a y toll, on a o<ecedm g Su n d a y 
By The Express-Newi Corporator, 

P O Bo r 2 tT-l 
So n A M o n 'o T .« a , 7 8 2 9 7 
Second Cto,» P o sto n* Paid o* 
S a " An *c"*o. ?e *a s 

9 e a u *'a d o rom o or*,roto de 2do d o se el 2 9 de f * e 'o 1 9 2 2 . e - to * d m . - „ » a t ,on de C o o e o , 
o, U t ev e to -e d e Tamp, 
M e m o 

AM romm ofiieohofi, ,bouto be a d d u c e d to So n Antonio t o p '* , , or S a n A n to n® N e - J rh,, f& w soap e* W.H no* be - s e n s i b le to ' m e n u,cop *, or p hotogroptn no* »o*ie*»d, lo, publication 

MAH SUBSCRIPTION BATIS 

I 
I t M o 
6 **o4 
I Yr 
" V V * 
| 5 i 9 
% 2 B n 
% b i u 

M n.m n, 4 Sunday 
} 4 6 i 
J j 3 « o 
S4ft I I 
M orning O nly 
J 5 o , 
J 2 (, 
, , J.,S o 

 bvenm g 4 Sunday 
$4 4 ) 
$ 2 3 
o 5 $4 4 54 

$16 15 
$3o BS 
3 U "d a y O n ly 
I Prices ab o ve include tele* ta* I 
OTHER STATES 

Mernmg a s u n d e r .................... “ 
' “ 
“ 
“ 
I T ! i s j o 
527 47 
$53 7$ 
Morning Only. .......................... .................................. 
S S 4 $ 
$ 3 o 
25 $$8 99 
E-en m g4 Scmdoy............................................. 
$26 
5o 
$ 5 1 4 3 

 t v* T 9 S " y .................................................................. $3 48 
S 5 6 9 5 
$32 74 
Sundoy O n ly 
......................... 
. 
(Sutocnpiiaes outt'dt le n t o x eel subjec* ie le iI 

Home delivery monthly toto* in Son Antonio Morning ond Sundoy. $3 4o per month (include, 
. I 
_.|„ $2 7o per month (include* toil Sundoy only — 4 Sundoy — J I 47 per 
S u n d o y - S I 84 per month (include, to.) 
C O M B IN A T IO N BATE M orning, Smelting, Saturday ond Sundoy. $4 35 per month 
^ 
. 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S— Sunday April 24 1977 
* 
Page *5 A 
SALE! CONTEMPORARY 
HOME FURNISHINGS 

Save on Selig's versatile 'Playpen' components 

Comfort, versatility and superb home fashion ... you get it all with the ’Playpen' .., and now you can have it at a savings! Buy the whole unit or one piece at a time . . . if your space is small now, have just the corner section and ottoman, then add more units later. Each unit is 33x33x21" with cotton velvet covers in a neutral driftwood tan tone that blends with any color scheme. Superbly constructed for comfort, each piece has cushion-within-a-cushion seats and plump, w edgeshaped backs. Furniture, Downtown, North Star, Austin. 

33 inch corner section, reg. 349.oo now 269.oo 

Ottoman, reg. 2o9.oo ......................... now 149.oo 
249 
OO 

Armless section, reg. 319.oo 

VALUE 
PRICES! 
Compatible living and dining room pieces by Broyhill 

Decorate your home just the way you want it and do it at a savings! This contemporary casual living and dining room group has a variety of pieces to mix or match for completing the decor you desire. An added feature is the mobility of this group . . . most of the pieces assemble and disassem ble in minutes for easy moving or storage. Take advantage of these special savings and decorate your home the way you like with Broyhill quality furniture at value prices. Furniture, Downtown, North Star and Austin. 
299 OO 

Sofa, reg. 459.oo 

Lamp table, reg. 89.oo ...................................... now 79.oo 
Cocktail table, reg. 99.oo 
..................................now 79.oo 

Open lighted bookcase, reg. 199.oo now 139.oo 

Lighted bookcase with storage doors, reg. 229.oo .................... now 159.oo 

Chair, reg. 269.oo 
........................................................................... .... 
. a now 159.oo 

Bookcase with drop lid desk and light, reg. 259.oo ........................................now 179.oo 
Love Seat, reg. 349.oo .............. now 239.oo 

5-pc. gam e set with square dining table and 4 chrome plated chairs, reg. 549.oo .. now 399.oo 

IN STOCK READY FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! 
ASK ABOUT OUR CONVENIENT MAJOR PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 
JOSHERS u 
A UNIT or ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Sporty style and fashion watches 

Sears* Regular 
Low P rice 

 f or men; d re s s, s p o r t, c a le n ­ 

 d a rs , w a te r re sista n t styles f OC W O in e n ; color dials, calendars, smart fashion styles 

Choose from sporty or casual dress styles. These are reliable timepieces, 

 elegantly styled and with the look-of-qualitv 

 rarely found at this price. Backed, of course, by Sears warranty. 

Full one year warranty for Sears m echanical watch 

 lf w ithin o n e year from the d ate of p u rc h a se , your w atch fa ils to o p e ra te p ro p e rly d u e to d e fe c ts in m aterial or 

 w o rkm a n sh ip , return it to a n y S e a rs sto re thro ug hout the U n ited S ta te s and w e w ill re p la c e it, free of c h a rg e 

W a te r-re sista n t w a tch e s are d e s ig n e d to w ithstand p re ss u re of 35 p o u n d s p er sq u a re inch (in a d d itio n to 

 n o rm al a tm o s p h e ric p re ssu re ) a s long a s crysta l, cro w n a n d b a c k re m a in intact. 

W a tc h e s e n la rg e d to sh o w detail. 
• Jewelry Departm ent 

Save 23% 

Electrical digital alarm well worth your time 

Dependable digital alarm clock with large read-outs you can see even w ith sleep filled eyes. 
Brown plastic cylinder-shape case. 
Regular $12.99 

Full one year warranty on clock movement 

 lf this electric alarm clock fails to operate properly due to a defect in material or workmanship, within 

 one year from the date of purchase, return it to the nearest Sears store throughout the United States, and 

Sears will replace it free of charge 
• (Jock* — Jewelry Depart meat 

Sears 

S E A R S , R O E B U C K A N D C O 
Where America shops 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

All Sale price* good th ru A pril 3oth 

SEAR S PRICING POLICY 
If an item is not described as reduced or a special purchase, it is at its regular price. A special pur­ chase. though not reduced is an exceptional value. 

Downtown IMaiu Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Aion. aud T hurs. 9:,*{o-9 
All other do vs 9 :3 o-o 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rd. 
Aion. thru Sal. 
9 :3 o -9 

Central Park S lur 
San Pedro at lam p I 
Aion. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

B u ilt-u p arch area gives firm support 

Men's and Women’s 

-ye: 
W-AA o a n A n t o n i o C A P K t o o iNt w 5 — dunaay A p r il i y / / 
SUSKI SPECIAL PURCHASE 

A C adapter recharger/ in cluded 

8-digit rechargeable slide-rule calculator 
99 
SAVE $ 4 
XX itll m e m o r y 

R e g u la r $ 2 1 . 9 9 

8-digit calculator is perfect for hom e or o f­ fice. It work* square roots, reciprocals. Has m e m o ry , flo a tin g d e c im a l, p a r e n th e sis, bright, green display. Includes case, batteries. 

Save *15 W ide ancle binoculars 
24" 

’•power 35mm binoculars give you a wide SOO ft. at DMM) yds. ield of vision. Rubber eyecups 
.. tv - ,r 
R e g u la r $ 3 9 .9 9 or coni I ort. V\ itll case. 

• Stationery D epartm ent 

Soft nylon upper*, vinyl stripe* 

L in e d , p a d d e d to n g u e : sueded split leather trim 

For the family: nylon athletic casuals with new wrap-around toe and heel 

Men’s, wom en’s, boys", kids’ in red, blue, yellow , green 

A special purchase, though riot reduced, is an exceptional value. 

• The Shoe Place 

W hile they last! 

Treaded rubber sole for traction and durability 

Padded topline for comfort 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Our huge selection of one-and two-piece dresses, pantsuits, long dresses and jumpsuits 

Savings for a rainy day... 

SA V E ‘3 
R egular $9 

Self-opening 8-rib nylon beauty w ith a handsom e acetate handle the color of tortoise shell. In 
18 spring solids. 

• Iii Our Handbag Department 

Wear a 
Wig you’ll love 
Regular *19 to *32 

2o% to 24% 
Off! 
Take advantage of the savings! And carry away a closetful of desirable fashions. We have tailored outfits for everyday, soft, femi­ nine styles (including gowns) for dress-up, trendy skirt-sets and more, much more. Pat­ terns, solids and great combinations. Misses’ and Half sizes. 

Marti 
I lur softly sophisticated capita- ij- of ea-v rare. color-blended. kanekulon' niodaervlie 

Regular 816.99 

In our Dress Department 
\ -oftly curled eaple— wi;; of ro|or-|i|elliieil modaerylic tliat’- Mi—fully ea-y lo rare for. 

Regular $19.99 

Bianco 

Gypsy-cut Elura wi" of Mon-auto - ntodacrylir i- ea-v care. capless. with hand-tied front. 

CHARGE IT on Sears 
Revolving 
Charge 

Regular 82 1.99 
Blanca 

• Vi igs—Cosmetic Department 

Smooth the way toward natural shaping in an 

Ah-h Bra... 

Easy-to-Iive-in 

 comfort coats 

 regular $9 re g u la rs I I 
M isses'short 
Misses' long 

Relax and take it easy in these coats of poly­ ester and cotton, our front and back yoked styles have patch pockets. Solids, glorious prints. S.M,L. 
Women's short Regular 81o ..................... Sale 7.99 
Women's long Regular $ 1 3 
Sale 1o.99 

In ttur Lingerie and At-Home~lt ear Shop 

SfcAKS, KOfcBUCK AND CO. 
Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

I Hl> \t> i> OI R WORD 

 h i s hack ed bv Sear- Advert ising Polity vt b i d i d m rd priced item d u r i n g the sale. v»c vt ill re- requires e v e n advertised item to be slip- o r d e r lur von at the sale price. I h i - d o e - n o t po rted in each store with sufficient mer- apply to - p e n a l purch ase, clearance and c handi sc . . . It mc sh ou ld run out of any re- closeout sale- w here q u a n ti tie s are limited. 

All sale prices good thru April 3oth 

U u s n t im n P laza Store 

So le d ad at N avarro 
M o n . and T h o r-. liIM t-'l 
A ll other days *!:3IM» 

M ilita ry D riv e Store at P leasanton Hd- 
M on. thru Sal. 
•C.tO-O 

C en tra l P a rk Store 
San P ed ro at la m p IM I 
M on. thru s a t. 
‘C 3 o -o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Sunday April 24 1977 

S t>) 

 is*. x: 
A super supermarket and then some... 
7 ) 

Don't settle for anything less than the best. Hand’ 
Andy "Hand Picks” only the choicest of U.S.D.A 
Choice Beef for your choice of Thick 'N Juicy 
B6ef Steaks at Super Low Prices. Serve a crisp, cool, salad at great savings too ... And don't forget your EXTRA Bonus of Gold Bond Stamps! 

C 
A * * M U K 

X 
I 
IM 

I X X 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 

 x rn 

’i-' 

PHOTO 
SUPER PRINTS 
AND THEN SOME 

JUST IN TIME FOR MOTHER'S DAY. BE 
SURE YOU HAVE ALL YOUR PHOTO 
NEEDS TO MAKE THIS MOTHER'S DAY 
THE MOST MEMORABLE EVER ON FILM! 
5X7COLOR 
ENLARGEMENT 
2 3 * 
EACH 

KODAK 11o- 126- 12 EXPOSURE 
KoDACoLoR FILM r o l l 99* 

KODAK 11o-126- 135-2o EXPOSURE 
KoDACoLoR FILM r o l l $1.29 
ISpTe 
FROZEN 

& 

' n ’ ii-I 
» J 

SUPER SAVINGS 
AND THEN SOME 

FRIED CHICKEN, SLICED TURKEY OR 
SALISBURY STEAK, MORTON 
1o% To12% OZ. PKG. 
Country Table 
Entrees... .69* 

16 OZ. SLEEVE 
Fleischm anns 

AMIGO BEANS & BEEF OR BEANS & CHEESE 
Burritos p kg ! 

BEEF OR SHRIMP 11 OR 13 OZ. PKG. 
FUJITA EGG 
ROLLS *l*s 

HANDY ANDY 9OZ. BOWL 
WHIPPED 
TOPPING 49* 

BEER a WINE 
SUPER VARIETY 
AND THEN SOME 

GALLO Vz GALLON 
PAISANO *I?9 

BOONES FARM WINE 
... 

23 OZ. BOTTLE 
WEDDING VEIL W INE.............$1.99 

MOGEN DAVID 
CONCORD WINE 
^ $ 1 .3 9 

GALLO 
SPANADA....................vi gal $1.99 

CELLA 
LAMBRUSCO................. ^ $ 1 .7 9 

6 PACK 12 OZ. CANS 
SCHLITZ 
*145 

12 OZ. CANS 
JAX 4 - 6 PACKS................... §4.99 

6 PACK-12 OZ. CANS 
LONE STAR..........................§1.29 

6 PACK-12 OZ. CANS 
TRES XES......................... . §1.79 • 

ASSORTED OR WHITE DECORATED 

JUMBO TERI 
TOWELS 
SI* 

28o COUNT - 2 PLY ASST. OR WHITE 
Kleenex Racial 
TISSUE 
63* 

HANDY ANDY HEAVY DUTY 18" x 25' 
ALUMINUM 
FOIL 
»ou63C 

GLAD CLEAN UP 1o COUNT 
LAWN BAGS....................... §1.85 

QUART SIZE 25 COUNT 
ZIPLOC BAGS......................... 65' 

FRENCHS CATTLEMANS 18oZ. 
SMOKY BBD SAUCE................. 75' 

DUNCAN HINES 18 OZ. BOX 
ANGEL FOOD CAKE MIX 
83' 

AMERICAN BEAUTY 16 OZ. BOX 
INSTANT POTATOES................. 69' 

MUSSELMANNS 16 OZ. CAN 

CALIFORNIA U.S. NO 1 LARGE 
TWO DOZEN SIZE 

 sip; 

(JSDA 
CHOICE 

APPLE 
SAUCE 

F % 

(S p s s ? 

(CANS* 

48 OZ. 
WESSON 
OIL si** 

LEMON, LIME OR ORANGE 
32oZ.BTL. 
GATORADE39* 

6 PACK -12 OZ. CANS LEMON/LIME 
GATORADE......................... $1.35 

SUPER SIZE 
ZEST BAR SOAP..............................b a r 41° 

ALAMO BRAND 
DOG FOOD................... 4 lb s $1.29 

FRESH,LEAN 
GROUND BEEF . 
. 
. 
. lb . 89° 

ROEGELEIN SIGNATURE QUALITY 
FRANKS 
12 oz. pkg. B5^ 

HORMEL 
WRANGLERS . . . . t lb $1.39 

ROEGELEIN SIGNATURE QUALITY 
SLICED BOLOGNA, COOKED SALAMI 
LUNCHEON MEAT IL B p k g .99° 

U S D -T- 

I 

 t a 
, 
IiB W 

I 

HEALTH AND 
BEAUTY AIDS 
SUPER PRICES 
AND THEN SOME 

Ha n d y A N d v c -,— 
______ 
ROOT e t ER c “ A " " ' E E COLA g in g e r 
SOD/'. 
^ 
J R l e m o m u m , 

 i a 
W a te r 
I O 
5 1 o o 

HANDY ANDY 7 OZ. TUBE 
FLUORIDE 
Toothpaste 59* 

HANDY ANDY 16 OZ. BTL. 
BALSAM CONDITIONER 
65' 

• HANDY ANDY WISCONSIN 
• SLICED AMERICAN 
: PIMENTO OR SWISS CHEESE. . . 69* 

 t o m a t o 
S .\i ;CF t o m a t o 
9 t o m ,ATO g vSAUCE , vSA.UCC , 

DELI 

^ t j u ic y 8£e f & po r k 
Ste?. 

KOCHEN f r e s h , PINT 

CONTADINA 
21 OZ. CAN VAN CAMPS 
TOMATO 
SAUCE 
PORK 
&HEANS 

CANS 
> 
/ 
• 
CANS 
SS?®Ile 

SPORTED 
BOILED HAM 

INDOORS 
OR OUT 
THERE'S 
SUPER 
COOKIN 
SPECIALS 
AT YOUR 
HANDY 
ANDY! 

LB, §2.59 

Dinnerware 
Made in 
Staffordshire 
England 

THIS WEEK'S FEATURE- 
MATCHING 
SAUCER . . EA 79' 
W ith every $3.oo purchase excluding beer Et wine. 

I i 

 safe, 

 s r 

I lf *\Wt- > 

SUPER" TREAT 

 serve YOUR 

 bacon and 
„ avocado 
X ? ^ sandwich; 

 oast 2 slices of bread q 

;jbK’»ndv 1LB-PKG- 
B acon 

EA. 

 rn 
V 

 wy- 

A r'. 
JU ■ • 

BAKERY 
SUPER VALUES 
AND THEN SOME 

8 INCH 
PINEAPPLE 
PIE o o « 

4 STICK - 1 LB. CARTON iRRKAr 
MARGARINE 

LB. 

WHEAT - 1 % LB. LOAF 
SANDWICH 
BREAD 39* 

7" - 2 LAYER - GERMAN CHOCOLATE 
LAYER CAKE . 

OLD FASHION 
BREAKFAST LOAF 

T e x s u n 

. . §1.49 

. . . 89' 

A LV 

PINK 
■ PINK 
GRAPE 
■ 
GRAPE 

TEXSUM UNSWEETENED PINK 
Grapefruit i i n o ir 
J U 
IV iL 
49C 

J.tL ii 
I 

COUPON 
SOFKEE 

GOLD BOND STAMPS * 

■» 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF ONE 
J > 25* OFF LABEL 

TF184 OZ. TIDE 

I 
Coupon good thru Wed,, Apr. 27.1977. 
I 
Lim it one coupon per fam ily. 
Handy Andy 

COUPON 
SO FREE 

GOLD BOND STAMPS 

WITH PURCHASE OF TWO 16oZ 
CANS CAMPBELL'S 
PORKo BEANS 

Coupon good th ru Wed., Apr. 27,1977. 
Lim it one coupon per fa m ily. 
- - -/Z222B5E2Z- 

46 OZ. CAN 

COUPON 

PLUS THESE 
HANDY ANDY 

SUPER SAVINGS 

SPECIALS 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD 

BOND STAMP SUPER 

DISCOUNT BOOK 

 y 
Handy Andy 
SUPER SAVINGS 
SPECIALS 

CALIFORNIA 6o SIZE 
LARGE 

J W 
O 
C 
A 
B 
O 
S 

U.S. NO. 1 
CHERRY 
TOMATOES 
•jo e 

LB 

U.S. NO. 1 HOME GROWN 1 LB PKG. 
CRISP CARROTS..................... 23' 
CALIFORNIA FANCY U.S. NO. 1 
LARGE SIZE 14o'S 
LEMONS........................4 f o r 45' 

TEXAS U S. NO. 1 RUBY RED 
GRAPEFRUIT.................. 5 for $1.oo 

HUNTS 
FRUIT 
COCKTAIL 

SOFREE 

GOLD BOND STAMPS 

WITH PURCHASE OF ONE 
24 OZ. JAR FRENCH'S 
MUSTARD 
Coupon good thru Wed., Apr. 27,1977. 
Lim it one coupon per fam ily. 
Handy Andy 

---123212221---’ 

M 
C 
D r i r 
1 j o r i u j e i 1 

THESE SPECIALS GOOD 
THRU APRIL 27, 1977 

32 OZ. PEPSI, 1 LITER 7 UP n v p m r w i n rA y » v ii i / i 1% I 
PEPSI COLA or7-up 6 19* 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
PLUS 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK DEPOSIT 

25 FT. ROLL REYNOLDS STANDARD 
ALUMINUM 
FOIL 
I 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

HANDY ANDY DOZEN GRADE "A " 
LARGE 
EGGS 
9* 

'WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

QUARTERED 1 LB. PKG. 
BVRKAY 
M argarine I* 

WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

ANY BRAND 
KINGorlOO’s 
CIGARETTES 

CARTON 
$ 9 9 9 
OF 1o PACKS *9 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK 

HANDY ANDY 12 OZ. 
BOLOGNA 19* 
WITH EACH FILLED GOLD BOND 
STAMP SUPER DISCOUNT BOOK a 
/ 

22 OZ. TRIGGER SPRAY 1oc OFF LABEL 
TEXIZE FANTASTIK................... 83c 

$1.47 

32 OZ. REFILL BOTTLE 
TEXIZE SPRAY & WASH. . . 

HILLS BROS. 
COFFEE.................................................ILB CAN $3.29 

49 OZ. 1o' OFF LABEL 

GOLD BOND STAMPS 

WITH PURCHASE OF ONE 1o LB 
| 
BAG KINGSFORD 
BRIQUETTES 
Coupon good thru Wed., Apr. 27,1977. I 
Lim it one coupon per fam ily. 
I 
Handy Andy 

CHEER 
Detergent 

S T M 
BOX 
Handy Andy 

A s u p e r supermarket and then some... 

ONE GOLD BOND STAMP GIVEN WITH 
EACH 1oc PURCHASE. . . 
EXCLUDING BEER AND WINE. 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU WED., APRIL 27,1977. SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Mayoral candidates 

Continued from Page IA got a problem. We ll have to do it again.” 
One of the crew goes to the young man and speaks to him. When he re­ turns, they try again. 
My fellow San Antonians 
“ Her hair,” Dixon says. The wind is throwing strands of Cockrell’s hair-do straight up in the air. Someone runs inside City Hall and borrows a can of 
Alberto YOS from a secretary. The hair is smoothed and the taping begins again. 
. . . for two more years as mayor. 
And I n ill make one pledge to you ..." 

But that take turns out to be 32 seconds — two seconds too long. 
' . . . I believe in open, honest city government . . . . 
Cockrell’s hair is windblown again. 
Start over. 
. . . I will tackle each problem with principled integerity— integrity..." 

Of all words in the speech, the com­ mercial can’t have the mayor stum­ 

 bling over ‘‘integrity.” One more take. 

” . . . pledge to yo u 
I’m sorry. 
I’m going too too fast,” Cockrell says. t 
“ Hey, Hon,” someone calls to Dixon. 
“ You just got a ticket.” A policeman is slipping a parking ticket under the windshield wiper of Dixon’s car. Dixon shrugs and turns back to the monitor. 

Finally 

Finally everything gels. 'Now I must de/tend on you to get back to the polls on Saturday and say yes to Lila 
Cockrell!" The mayor keeps a frozen smile pointed toward the camera. 
“ O.K. Let’s keep that one,” Dixon says. 
Eventually it is ll takes before Dixon is satisfied he has enough good footage to make a television commercial. 
Cockrell ad-libs another speech for a tag-line to a second commercial Dixon is working on. They’re lucky. They get what they need this time and in only two takes. The mayor thanks everyone and goes back to her office. Dixon’s work with the videotapes is just beginning. 
Long before the candidates began hitting the streets campaign for the 
City Council elections, people like Dix­ on were working behind the scenes. 
They are image makers. The issues of a political campaign are no more im- 

A MONOFLEX ROOF is being applied to this house, that will' not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. No matter^ what type of roof you have, Monoflex can be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether ifs shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 11815 
Warfield or call 349-62o4 for a courteous estimate.!* JP d . Adv7)l 

From the first day, the mayoral race was a media event 

 portant to them than any of the other tools of their trade — the TV cameras, the press releases, the posters and mailouts. 
In fact, many people might be hard put to identify the issues in the election that culminated last weekend with 
Cockrell defeating businessman .John 
Monfrey in a run-off for mayor. Were 
Cockrell and Monfrey for or against expansion over the Edward Aquifer? 
For higher or lower taxes? Friends of 
COPS or of housing developers? 
After two months of campaigns. 

 many voters may not have known the answers to these questions. But they were aware of the images projected by 
Cockrell and Monfrey. 
As Chip Atkins, head of Atkins Ad­ vertising, says, “ The key issue in a campaign is often how the candidates handle themselves.” 

Images 

Issues are hard to sell. But images can be communicated to viewers in simple, easily digestible 3o-second TV spots, on lapel buttons and placards. 
And if the voters will buy the image, they’ll buy the candidate. 
A candidate can’t win an election any more by giving speeches and kissing babies (although they both still hap­ pen.) 
Behind the professional politician are the professional media people, experts at accentuating the positive and eliminating the negative. 
The race for mayor began long before any formal announcements that anyone was running. 
A pollster from Austin. George Shi­ pley, went to work for the mayor, de­ termining how her assets and liabili­ ties stacked up against those of Mon­ frey and the other likely candidate at the time, Dr. Jose San Martin. 
A Shipley poll revealed voters tended to give higher marks to Cockrell for credibility and integrity. A question about who voters would be personally proud of as mayor gave Cockrell a two-to-one lead over Monfrey. 
At the same time Monfrey’s camp 

Aiiiipssi 

M onfrey was less accustomed to dealing with the press 

 was conducting a similar poll. Robert 
S. Heller, a media consultant from 
Houston, who has worked on successful campaigns for U.S. Senators Tower and Bentsen, Houston Mayor Fred 
Hofheinz and Gov. Dolph Briscoe, took a poll to see whether it would be worthwhile for Monfrey to try for the mayor’s job. 
Heller also wanted to know- if it would be worthwhile for him to join 
Monfrey’s campaign. In a profession w here one’s next job can depend on the success of his last, Heller claims to be apolitical and tries to get an objective look at everyone’s chances. 

“ It’s a hard way to earn a buck,” 
Heller confided. “ Long hours, pres­ sures, anxieties, and there’s a high risk of getting caught holding the bag if you allow your emotions to run away with you.” 
While Heller’s poll indicated San 
Antonians were ready for a change in the mayor’s office, it also revealed that 
Monfrey had some liabilities in his image. 
“ The polls showed that John had an image of the political boss . . . overly aggressive, bullish,” said Heller. 
“ He’s really a warm, feeling person, but his image is other than that. He has trouble with one eye. He’s been blind in his left eye since he was one year old, and it gives him a shady look.” 

And Heller knew he would have one other problem with Monfrey —- the man didn't know when to shut up. 
Heller’s first contact with Monfrey was in 1975, when Monfrey asked for help in that year’s election run-off against Cockrell. Heller came into the campaign late and unprepared, and suggested that Monfrey should get more publicity by holding a press conference. 
“ John called a press conference, and the first thing he did is chew out the press for not giving him better cover­ age,” Heller said. “ I couldn’t believe it. They could have crucified him, but luckily no one took it personally.” 
Heller may have had his worries, but 

See IMAGES, Page !2A 
More buying computers for home use 

RICHARDSON, (A P) 
— Is there a computer in your future? 
That’s the hope of the booming small computer industry, which says that for a few thousand dol­ lars the average Amer­ ican can command the 
Starship Enterprise in a video game of interstel­ lar war, or just balance a checkbook. 
Those are only two functions of the new- micro computers which use electronic compon­ ents engraved on tiny integrated circuits — IC chips — like those used in the fam iliar pocket calculator. 
Versatile 

But the micro com­ puters go beyond cal­ culators and can be used to solve complex prob- 

FAMOUS JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
INFANT & BABY GOODS 
SALE 

AD EFFECTIVE SUN., APRIL 24 THRU WED., APRIL 27 
■ ■ ■ ■ M W E RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIESMHMHH 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 

Ti?"1*' 
... . v - W I 
| (jtfuHom -'* ■ d is p o s a b le 
W 
* d iap ers 

9 OZ. BTL. 

( I J i i i o - " ’ j 
* hit? 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON DAYTIME 2 4 ’s 
DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON NEWBORN 2 4 ’s 
DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 12 OZ. 
NO MORE 
TANGLES RINSE 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
BABY 
LOTION 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
BABY 
POWDER 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
BABY 
POWDER 

JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
BABY 
OIL 
4 OZ. 

754 OFF LABEL JOHNSON & JOHNSON 
BABY 
SHAMPOO..... 

$2 

$ 1 

$ 1 

$ 1 

o9 

59 

69 

39 

24 OZ. PKG. 

9 OZ. 

$ | 89 

8 9 * 
8 5 * 

$ 
9 
7 
9 
Ak 

ONE GOLD BOND STAMP GIVEN WITH EACH IO * 
PURCHASE . . . EXCLUDING BEER & WINE. 

 lems, store large amounts of information, or play games on home televisions. 
They aren’t cheap, but they are getting more common. 
Nestled among shops selling draperies and tires in this Dallas sub­ urb there is a business called 
“ The 
Micro 
Store,” with a smaller sign proclaiming simply: 
“ Computers.” 
The store is one of many springing up around the country, selling both the computer hardware which has become available in just the last two years and the software, or programs, which instruct the sys­ tems to do whatever the owner-programmer wants. 

Hobbyists 

“ About half of our cus­ tomers are hobbyists, who build kits and use the computers for exper­ iments,” said manager 
Ric Martin. “ These are engineers or amateur radio-types who IO years ago were building sideband transceivers and talking on shortwave with teletypes. 
“ The rest of our buyers are businessmen or average people who want a computer of their own, to play games or help with the bookkeeping. 
They buy assembled sys­ tems, and we can provide custom software for whatever they want to do,” Martin said. 
One browser in the store was a U.S. Army doctor from 
Brooke 
Army Medical Center in 
San Antonio. 

Appointments 

Capt. Stephen J. Van 
Cleave said he wanted to know if desktop com­ puters could be used to keep track of appoint­ ments for the center’s internal medicine department, “ some sort of a day-by-day record of who will show up when 

Martin showed him a system with a computer, a video display terminal with a keyboard to receive and display in­ formation, and a printer. 
He said it could store about a year’s worth of appointments. 
“ And it would cost about $9,ooo—a fraction of the cost of a complete system supplied by a larger firm such as 
IBM.” 
Martin said that a Na­ tional Computer Confer­ ence will be held in Dal­ las, June 13-16. 
“ We expect about 1,3oo exhibitors and 25,ooo people to view the dis­ plays,” said conference chairman Portia Isaac­ son, who teaches at the 
University of Texas Dal­ las campus. 

Curiosity 

“ We are not advertis­ ing for the general public to attend, but we know that a lot of people will want to see what s new, such as a computer for several hundred dollars by Radio Shack stores.” 
Prices of computer components, especially the IC chips, are coming down all the time, but 
Martin said the “ basic box” or central process­ ing unit is not getting much cheaper. 

SALE 
Eva Gabor’s 
PermaTease ■ wigs at special savings 
I O OD 
“ Touche” 
7.7U Reg, $25 

"Presto", reg. $ 2 8 .......... 21.9o 
“ Spectator” , reg. $3o . . 21.9o 

Made of Kanekalon", Artelle® and other modacrylic fibers in many colors including frosted and flash fronts. 

Millinery 

“ Miss G abor” , Naturally Curly, 

Reg. $2o to $25 
Now 15.9o 

Dyne! 
Modacrylic 

SHOP MON. THRU SAT. 1o-9 

 embep othep 

SAVE 

° /< 

□ONEIDA 
The silver cube. Our silversmiths m ark of excellence 

Oneida Heirloom stainless sole! 

Oneida Heirloom, the beautiful stainless that’s practical as well, sale priced in time for Mother’s Day. Any pattern not in stock will be ordered at sale prices. 

Silver 
Reg. 
Sale 

Set of 4 ice drink spoons 
$18 
12.99 
4 piece serving 
$25 
18.75 
4 piece hostess set 
$32 
$24 
.2o piece service for 4 
$85 
63.75 

Dillard’s 
SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ’TIL 9 
Handy Andy 

Why success almost ruined 
Anne’s career 

By W ILEY ALEXANDER 

Anne Murray admits it. She just wasn’t ready for suc­ cess when it came. 

In fact, she said, success almost put an end to her career. 

“ It ’s hard to believe how 
‘Snowbird’ changed my life,” 
Anne said from her suite in 
Canada while relaxing and get­ ting ready for her appearances at Turtle Creek Country Club 
Wednesday through Saturday. 
This will be her first visit to the 
Alamo City. 

“ The song made me an overnight success with all the pressures which go with it,'’ she said. 
“ I worked 365 days the first year doing all the work myself,” she continued. 

Handled everything 

“ I did all the bookings, made all the hotel arrangements, handled all the band hirings, answered all the mail ... 
(pause) it still wears me out just talk­ ing about it,” she said. 
It was quite a change for Anne. Prior to her ‘Snowbird’ smash, she taught physical education to ninth-graders at 
Prince Edward Island in Nova Scotia. 
Anne was doing some television work in Hallifax when Bill Langstroth, her producer then and her husband now, had her listen to some songs which were available for recording. 
When she heard ‘Snowbird,’ she fell in love with it and let her friends and relatives listen to it, too. They loved it so she recorded it. 

Sunday April 24 I 977 
Page I I -A 

Instant smash 

The rest is history. The song became an instant smash and Anne Murray became a household name. 

“ My main problem was what to do for an encore,” she said, “ as I didn’t want to be a one-hit wonder. 

“ It took me a while to pick out a song but the wait was worth it because it gave me a chance to get out from under the pressures 
‘Snowbird’ brought. 

“ I followed with ‘Danny’s Song’ and when it became another smash for me, 
I was ready to cope with the success.” 
Success hasn't spoiled Anne, either, as she still finds time to keep in con­ tact with old acquaintances. 
“ I really enjoyed sneaking in the back door and watching my former ninth-grade students graduate,” she said. 
“ I ’ll never forget how their eyes 

ANNE MURRAY 

 seemed to light up when they spotted me backstage. 
“ It was as if they thought I d com­ pletely forget about them since I was a recording star,” she said. 

New love 

Anne has a new love now. He is W il­ liam Langstroth Jr., her 7-month-old son. 
“ He’s really changed my life,” Anne said. “ I ’m more interested in family life now so I ’m going to concentrate more on making albums and cut down on my road trips. 
“ I ’m bringing my family with me to 
Turtle Creek,” she said, “ and I ’m looking forward to working with Kenny 
Rogers. I ’ve admired him for a long time. 
“ My family probably w ill be like me and pick up the Texas drawl while we’re there,” she said. 
See you all later. Anne. 

Dillard’s 

 pejTQembep 
Tothero 

LINGERIE 

3 3 % to 4 o % off! trapunto nylon robe and gown duo 

 sale! antique satin draperies and sheers 
2o7< 

Spring is the time to do something exciting like 

 redecorating your home. Choose from a wide selection of 

 colors and textures and make the windows the focal point 

 of your home as well as saving a big 2 o % on custom 

 made antique satin draperies, sheers and top treatments. 

Draperies, not at M ilitary Plaza fo r our free 

 in-home decorator 

 service call: 

Central Park: 341-5151 ext. 363 
Windsor Park: 654-3131 ext. 364 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO ‘Til 9 

11.99 

Robe, compare at $18; gown, compare at 
$1o. Perfect for traveling or lounging, our trapunto trimmed tricot, front- wrap long coat and 
V-neck gown present a pretty-as-a picture image in mint, blue or coral. S-M-L. 

 loungewear assortment, 
3 3 % to 5 o % off! 
9.99 

Compare at $15-2o. Choose from three styles, including muu-muus, back-zip hos­ tess gowns and floats in acetate/nylon solids and prints, and save 
3 3 % to 5 o % . In 

 sizes P-S-M-L 
Lingerie 

 special purchase! women’s 
Luster tricot panties 
$5 
FOR 

Choose from bikini, hiphugger, brief styles in pastel Luster tricot with 
Lycra’ elastic. 5-7. 

Doywear 
Dillard’s 

SH O P M O N D A Y THRU SATURD AY IO 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W IN D S O R PARK 

 x-i* 

SERI A 
PERFECT SLEEPER 
MATTRESS SETS 

MISMATCHED AN D SLIGHT DAM AGED 
KING OR 
QUEEN SIZE 
PILLOWS 

For 
LIMITED Q U A N TITY 

 f l I" f 
.... 

[iv IV 

-•I. ■•••;. I-?-. !>• I tin} r 
U Ii, ■ 
...‘ii! I 
_ v ' ■ i.;; 
-L': 
* 

•I' Cif.; ftci, 
! iii- "iii |ll!f ii ii’ ‘I’ ji11! jj: 
!I|:I - p !!i f 
| 
I iii .til 

QUILTED 
BEDSPREADS 

TWM SOE .... 
*8.95 

 m u size........... 

QUEEN SIZE 1 1o.95 

KING SIZE 
$ I 1.95 

LIMITED Q U AN TITY 

DAMAGED 
HEADBOARDS 
• WOOD 
• PADDED 
• BRASS PLATED 
AU SIZES 
ADDED SAVINGS 
5% DISCOUNT 
FOR 
CASH AND CARRY 
ON 
AU MATTRESS SETS 
I ,.*75 
LIMITED Q U AN TITY 

BankAmericaro 

KIN G DR 
QUEEN SIZE 
BLANKETS l a w 

BOLSTER AND 
COVER SET 
WITH PURCHASE 
OF ANY TWIN 
SIZE BED OR 
TRUNDLE BED 

LIMITED Q U A N TITY 

828-5 

Page 
I 2-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 
Images were important 

Continued from Page IOX 

Cockrell’s image was not without its disadvantages either. 
Run Dixon is a young, born-again 
B aptist who bflieves in Cockrell as mayor. (“She told me, ‘If God wants me to be m ajor. I will.’ ” ) But Dixon admits “ Lila’s not folksy, not warm. 
She’s calm and deliberate.” 
The jobs of Heller and Dixon were to mold, to improve on, to transfigure those images . . . to convince voters than Monfrey was, after all, a dedicat­ e d public servant and that Cockrell really was a dynamic and yet person­ able — even . . 
. neighborly — candidate. ik itix 
Ron Dixon is sitting in the director’s booth at KENS-TV. On three monitors in front of him are newspaper clip­ pings tacked to blackboards. 
All of the clippings have one thing in com m on. The w ords “ L ila ” or 
“ m ayor” are prominent in the head­ lines. At D ixon’s req u est d ire c to r 
Larry Copeland has the cam eram en zoom in on each clipping while Dixon and another Atkins Advertising media man, David Parker, examine the clips for anything that will promote Mayor 
Cockrell’s “ tough” image. The idea is to out-macho Monfrey, to show the mayor as a decisive, valuable force in the city governm ent, someone who makes hard decisions and sticks by them. 
Dixon is winging it. He has no idea what clippings he’s going to use. He just has an idea; everything from there on is improvisation. The result will be a 3o-second television commercial, but it will take Dixon and the others more than two hours to piece it together. 
“ Ifs harder than doing a bank com­ mercial,” Dixon is saying. “ All banks a re b asically alike. P o litical c a n ­ didates aren’t.” 

Every little detail is important. Dix­ on and Copeland spend several m in­ utes discussing the size, shape and color of the border that is to surround the clippings. 
Finally Dixon settles on a deep blue. 
“ That blue’s a very inoffensive color ” 
“That’s what we want to be — inof­ fensive,” Parker agrees. 
They begin selecting the clippings. A cam era focuses on a clip th at p ro­ claims Lila is in favor of asking for a 
$1oo million bond issue. 
“ I don’t like it,” Dixon says. “ It looks like she’s asking for money.” 
Another headline comes into view: 
“ Lila asks council to curb nudity” — a reference to Cockrell’s campaign to close down nude dance joints on the riverwalk. 

 counters. The clipping goes in along with others showing Lila cracking down on City Public Service, Lila calling for studies of the city’s prob­ lem s, Lila urging m ore seating in 
HemisFair Arena. 
Copeland plays with the controls and the clippings explode on the screen one after another while a voice-over in­ forms us that Lila is a person who makes tough decisions. It ends with 
Lila coming on the screen: “ This is 
Mayor Lila Cockrell asking for your support— your vote on Saturday!” 
Dynamicism is combined with as much folksiness as Cockrell can muster. 
The com m ercial is a completely professional job, and yet it lacks a certain slickness. It doesn’t seem like a high-powered product of 
Madison 
Avenue. 
Part of the lack of slickness is simply because Cockrell’s campaign didn’t have a lot of money to spend on fancy 

That’s it 
'I kind of like that one. That’s a good one,” Dixon says. 
“ It m ight offend the p e r v e r ts ,” 
Production techniques. 
Parker says. 
* 
“ P erv e rts don’t v o te ,” Dixon t* 
4* 
C u n n i n g 

“ When you're a challenger, the more the better,” Heller explained 
After studying Monfrey’s first bid for mayor, Heller came to the conclu­ sion that the John M onfrey sto ry hadn’t been told. 
“ During the last campaign,” Heller explained, “ the com petition did a pretty effective job a g a in st Jo h n . 
There were tales raising all sorts of suspicions. They charged him with, being Italian-born . . . that he had 
Mafia connections. People w ere prepared to believe the worse. We had to offset these things.” 

‘R eal’ story 

Using a blitz of television advertis­ ing and spending a total of about 
$15o,(KIO. (compared to some $61,ooo for 
Cockrell), Heller set out to tell the 
“ real” John Monfrey story 
“ It was the true story of how John developed a business and m ade it a success, a Horatio Alger story of hard work,’’said Heller. “ We had to show how he was civic minded, a humani- tarman who’s been working for the city long before he thought about running for office. He’s sincere.” 
Monfrey’s tactics to tell that story included the "print and electronic media. 
“ I put a lot of emphasis on print,” 
Heller said. “ A lot depends on how the free press treats the candidates. 
“ The San Antonio papers have given 
Lila a b e tte r break. The political writers, with a few exceptions, have been fair, just overly generous to 
Lila.” 
(C ockrell, a fte r the c a m p a ig n , credited the press with keeping Mon­ frey accountable, which she believes helped her win the election.) 
If new spapers w eren’t M onfrey’s best asset, Heller found a better ally in paid television advertising. 

Cockrell, m ean w h ile, w as being follow ed around by a netw ork TV crew 

With years of experience in produc­ ing television com m ercials. Heller turned to electronic media people he had worked with in Houston to tell the 
John Monfrey story on the air. 
He carted to Houston a carload of plaques and citations Monfrey had received for his civic work. There the plaques wound up in one of Heller’s favorite TV spots, one which crammed as many of the plaques and citations as 
Heller could into a 
3o-second commercial. 
Monfrey’s absence was conspicuous. 
Rumors began circulating that Heller was deliberated^ keeping Monfrey off the air for Monfrey’s own good. The rumors increased after Cockrell chal­ lenged Monfrey to a debate fbi the steps of City Hall and Monfrey refused. 
When Monfrey agreed to two debates sponsored by television stations and then was hospitalized a few hours before the first debate, the ru m ors were revived. 
The persistent rum ors had it that 
Heller was afraid his candidate would shoot off his mouth, that his aggres­ 

 sive, boss image would be compounded 
Later, as the campaign was winding to a close, Heller denied the rumors — sort of. i Fifty-one years old, completely bald but sporting a heavy handlebar mous­ tache and wearing blue jeans — hardly 
Madison Avenue chic — Heller settled back in Monfrey’s desk at the c a n ­ didate’s beer distributing office. 
At that point Heller’s work was done. 
The run-off had become basically a contest to see who could get the most endorsements, particularly Mexican- 
American endorsements. Heller had laid off on television advertising on the theory thai another TV blitz m ight serve only to alarm Cockrell’s su p ­ porters info going to the polls. 
He leaned back and sipped on a mug of Falstaff. 
“We fried to keep John very much out front,” Heller said “ But. the sad truth is fhat the issues have very little effect on the outcome of an election 
“ We’re forced by the media to dis- 
See SAN ANTONIO, Page MA 

M onfrey watched from his hospital bed as the campaign ended 

And there’s some deliberate cunning in the commercials not having too slick a look. Until the run-off cam paign 
Monfrey was shoveling out huge sums of money. 
Monfrey’s spending, in fact, became one of the pseudo-issues of the cam ­ paign. And in contrast to Monfrey’s high-power advisors from out of town, 
Cockrell’s commercials have a nice home-spun look to them: We may not be rich, but we’re sincere. 
Meanwhile, iii the Monfrey camp, there was a different problem. Without any experience in office, ru n n in g against an incumbent, Monfrey had to convince the voters that he deserved a chance at the mayor’s job. He had to make himself at least as well known to the public as Cockrell. And that meant a lot of TV exposure. 

 a « jii A i iiu im O c .A f tvco ci- l mc. ** o — o u n o a y M p iu r n r / / 
Kage 13-A 

Presidents confer 

PRESIDENT IDI AM IN of Uganda, left, talks with President Mobutu of Zaire dur­ ing a luncheon in Kinshasa. Amin is reported to have offered military help to 
Zaire in Mobutu’s defense againsst invad­ ing Katangan rebels. —AP Wirephoto. 
Israel looks into a new money deal 

COMPILED FROM WIPE SERVICES 
T EL AVIV - The Is­ raeli government is in­ vestigating allegations that former Foreign 
Minister Abba Eban il­ legally kept thousands of dollars in foreign bank accounts, a 
Finance 
Ministry spokesman said 
Saturday. 
Similar charges, later proved, led to the poli­ tical downfall of Prime 
Minister Yitzhak Rabin two weeks ago. 
The spokesman con­ firmed an Israel Radio report that an investiga­ tion was ordered a week ago after police received an anonymous letter that said Eban kept two bank accounts in New York 
In a statement issued from his Tel Aviv home. 
Eban said he maintained a foreign currency account for nearly IO years but denied that it was illegal. 
Four leftists shot to death 

BUENO S A IR ES - 
Argentine soldiers shot and killed four leftist guerrillas — two of them women — who attacked a military road checkpoint with submachine guns, security sources reported. 
No government casual­ ties were reported. The latest deaths raised to 47 the number of people killed in Argentina’s political violence in the last seven days. 
Pakistan puts lid on press 

ISLAMABAD, 
Pakistan — The govern­ ment has ordered cen­ sorship of all domestic news reports on the six- week-old opposition cam­ paign against Prime 
Minister Ali Bhutto. 
The government also ordered a round-the- clock curfew in the city of 
Bahawalnagar, the sixth city in three days to be placed under curfew in efforts to calm increas­ ing political turmoil. 
Violence hits 
Lebanon again 

B EIR U T - Fighting flared betweeen rival 
Palestinian guerrilla fac­ tions in Beirut following the apparent kidnaping of a Palestinian leader and the slaying of two 
Syrian soldiers. 
There were no im ­ mediate reports of ca­ sualties in clashes between 
Syrian-con­ trolled Saiqa guerrillas and members of the so­ called Marxist Rejec- tionist Front in and around the Sabra refugee camp. 
Killing of the Syrian soldiers aroused fears that Syrian peacekeeping forces might crack down on Palestinian guerrilla camps. 
Rebel demands are rejected 

ZAMBOANGA C ITY,' 
Philippines — By the lop-sided margin of al­ most 3 million to less than 65,ooo, voters in 13 southern 
Philippine provinces rejected Mos­ lem rebel demands that they be given control of the region, local officials said. 
The onesidedness of the vote apparently re­ sulted from a Moslem boycott of last Sunday’s referendum. The rebel 
Moro NationaiCiberation 
Front had caKed on all 

World 
Briefs 

 i O L D I L H V C C O U P O N f O L O f C Q V E C O U P O N f t J L O f C t V E C O U P O N f OL O f t # VC C OU PO N 
J OL ° i £ * * £ C O U M Q » J O L O f C EVC C O U **Q * 

Our Usual 354 yd. 
. 
Our Usual 394 i Preticketed 2 prs. $1.46 j 
LADIES’ 
I 

IACES AND RUFFLING* I LADIES aho TEEN PANTIES I DAN RIVER COMFORT TOP | 

Assorted locos, riff- 
J Irregulars. 
Act­ ings, edges and tm f t 
I tote. White and braids. White and 
M H W 
H 
| colors. Iriefs and some colors, limit 36 
. M 
| bikinis. Sizes 5 to___ 
Y * m & fd . I IO. limit I. 
■ R 
I 
| __ 
| i prs 
GOCO MONDAY, A tta HS (I- N ) 
J 

KNEE HIGH HOSE 
4 

F $ ^ I 
^ m a * 
Q*r 
■ 
| beigetone ond n ^ ^ (J 

R 
I I oh™ , limit 6 ^ Ro o 

 j 
M O PS & TANK TOPS 
I 

Our Usual 794 
MEN S TUBE SOCKS 

• 
Irregulars. 
I 
. 
I 
S ML limit # , r ( t e A 
, c 
White 
5 1 55 £ 5 *1 4 5 ! w,,h *,r,p« !°p 4,1,4 
I 
S 
Z 
I r/'-<5 
I 
I. TICKETED 

GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 23 (E-N) | 
o * o o MONDAY, APRIL 35 ( i - N ) j 

| 
$3 ANO 4 
I 
I limit 3. 

DOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (I- N ) I 
4 6 

*2 REVLON OIL- 
J 
FREE MAKE-UPS i 
I 

I Natural 
Wonder (rf* H j 
A A I 
I i u I Medicated 
Natural 
I Wander Sheer 
| limit 2. 

GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (i- N ) I 
GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (E-N) 
| 

 j O L O ^ CSt VC C O U P O N 
\ O L O f C / f V C C O U P O N J O L O f £ * V C C O U PO N 
C O U P O N 
$ O L O f C £ V C C O U PO W f OL O f 4 V VC C O U R.p H 

Our Usual 344 
1oo% POLYESTER THREAD} 

American 
Threads' 
"Spun Dee" White, 
Black and colors. 225 yds. Spool. Sizes 5o. limit 12. 

GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (E-N) 

Our Usual 274 INFANTS AN 
TODDLER SOCKS 

| Irregulars. 
Nylon 
| stretch. 
Cuffs ond 
■ crews. 
Boys and 
I girls. Sizes 4 to 6’/z. 
1 limit 4. 
I 

Our Usual $2-48 

LITTIE GIRLS’ 

THONG SANDALS 
First quality. Genuine 
, 
I 29; 
I JVS to 3. limit 2. 

JRS. * GIRLS 
FASHION KNIT TOPS 

 irregulars made to sell to 
SF. 
Sizes 
S.M.l. limit I. 

Our Usual I 84 
MEN’S HANDKERCHIEFS | 

6 oz. VASELINE INTENSIVE 
CARE LOTION 

II TICKETED $2....... 

I Irregulars. 
J W hit*. 
I Limit 2. 

 limit 6. 

OOOO MONDAY. APRIL 35 (I- N ) | 
GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (I- N ) I 
GOOD MONDAY, APRIL 35 (E-N) • 
GOOO MONDAY. APRIL 35 (I-N ) | 
OOOO MONDAY, APRIL 35 (I- N ) 

Fall bolts, first quality. Poly/- cotton and machine wash. 
OUR RIG. $1.27 YO....... 
6o” Solid Polyester 
Interlock 
$ 1 39 

Full bolts, first quality. 1oo% polyester. 
4o”-45” Malibu 
Seersucker Prints 

1oo% cotton. Scores of patterns. 4o ’ to 45” wide. 

Moslems to stay away from the polls. 

Spanish Reds fear rightists 

MADRID — Spanish 
Communist party chief 
Santiago Carrilio says that if rightists win many votes in the June 15 na­ tional election, “ Spain will become a prison or a madhouse.” 
Carillo spoke at the start of a two-day meet­ ing of the party’s Madrid provincial committee, called to prepare the 
Communists for Spain’s first free elections in 41 years. 

British racist group growing 

LONDON - The Na­ tional Front, an openly racist organization with a growing appeal for Bri­ tain’s distressed workers, paraded an ominous display of its gathering strength. 
About 
1,ooo 
Front members, waving Union 
Jacks and singing “ Rule 
Brittainia,” defied a counter rally organized by Labor and left wing forces to keep their foes off the street. 
The Front men and a sprinkling of women marched through North 
London boroughs heavily populated with West In­ dian and 
Asian immigrants. 
The Front is dedicated to driving immigrants from Britain. 
Defends office 
PORT-AU-PRINCE - 
Haiti’s President-for-life 
Jean-Claude Duvalier has defended the institu­ tion of presidency-for-life as the cornerstone of 
Haitian political life and vowed it will not be abandoned under foreign pressure. 
Production up 
MOSCOW - Russia reports an over-all in­ crease in its industrial production during the first quarter of 1977 but acknowledged shortfalls in heavy industrial ma­ terials and some con­ sumer goods. 
Indira moving 
NEW 
D ELH I 
- 
Former Prime Minister 
Indira Gandhi, whose 
Congress party lost in national elections last month, will move out of the government bun­ galow she has occupied for 13 years and into a remodeled farmhouse next week. 
Haley set as speaker 

CLINTON, N.Y. (AP) 
— Alex Haley, author of the best-selling documentary “ Roots,” will address next month’s commencement at 
Hamilton College. 

54” Herculon. 
Upholstery Fabrics 

Full bolts. Compare to $5 yd. 
OUR RIG. *3 YD. 

45” Casement Weave 
Drapery Fabric 

Irregulars of values to $3.95 yd. 49 * 
Full bolts and bolt ends. 

ENTIRE STOCK! TWINS, FULLS, QUEENS,*! 
AND KINGS! COMPARE TO $65 

Quilted Decorator Bedspreads 

P 
COMPARE TO $65. Solids, and Fancies. 
4B 

* 
OUR REG. $12.95 TO $25.95...............* * 
OFF 
TICKET 
PRICE 

 r 
, 
TICKETED uQUChOS $8 TO $12 

Mi m m 

MEN’S LEVI PANATELA 

■ 
Irregulars. Our usual $29.9o to.$34,9o. 
Most are blue denim with con­ trast orange stitch. 
Three pocket styling. 
Fully lined. 
Sizes 38-46. Reg. and Long. 
Matching Denim $ f f t 67 
Jean Flares REG. $12.88 

M EN ’S N O -IRO N 

Van Heusen Sport & Dress Shirts 

Irregulars of values to $16. ‘Choice of long and 
» short sleeve styles. Prints, solids and patterns. Hj 
4^ Q 
Qiana, Ultressa. Poly/cotton and nylon. Several ^ styles. Sizes S.M.L.XL. and 14'/2 to I 7. 

M EN ’S FAMOUS MAKERS 
Western and Jean Shirts 

Irregulars. Our usual $4.98. Solids, plaids, stripes and 
. novelties. Quilted, embroidered and novelty Western yoke ^ models. Taped and tails. Long and short sleeves.Sizes ^ 
S.M.L .XL. 
OUR USUAL $4.98................................. 

Men’s Jean Flares 
4/ 

Irregulars. Our usual $6.99. 4 potch pocket styling. Choke of Navy or White. 1oo% cotton. Sizes 28-38__________ 
Men’s Dress Pants 

Irregulars and first quality. Our usual $1o.88. BelHoop and Hj continental styling. Choice of solids and fancies' 1oo% polyester. Sizes 29 to 42. 
873 

Boys’ No-Iron Short Sleeve Sport Shirts 

Irregulars. Our usual $2.98. Assorted solids, stripes, plaids £ 
4 4 

 and westerns. Polyester/cotton blends. Several styles and ^ models. Sizes 4 to 18. mm 

LA D IES A N D T E E N S ’ 
SPRING SHOE SALE! famous Brand Shoes 
MOSTLY FMS! QUALITY Of VALUES TO $1$ 
Heels and Wedges in Sandals and some closed styles. 
Many ore famous labels you will recognize. Sixes 5 to 

INFANTS' AND 
TODDLERS' SPRING 
Sunsuits & 
Bubbles 

 fktt quo Iffy 
Polyester/- cotton. 
Sleeveless. 
One piece playwear for boys anti 
Q'^4- 
Print* and solids. bizes T 2 ta 24 and 
2to4 
TICKETED 

$$ » * « • • 
$ 4 

INFANTS' SPRING 
Diaper Sets 

Irregulars. Poly/cotton. Pastel prints and solids. Two piece styles "Tor girls and boys. 
Newborn 
<1 
C 7 sizes. 
▼ a <* • 
TICKETED $3................. 
2 

Toddler Boys’ Swim Trunks 

First quality. Nylon. Stretch. 
. 
Prints ond solids. Lined Sizes 
( 
I i i 
) 
2 to 4 
▼ 
J 
1 M 
TICKETED $1.59.................... 
I 

SELECTED FASHIONS 
.SPORTSWEAR GROUPS 

Dresses, Skirt Sets, 
Pant Suits, Jumpsuits natiTiD $io............ 
Casual & Cocktail Dresses, 

Long Formals " J ™ , 
$ 3 o f f 

2 & 3 pc. Pant Suits and 
Weekenders $ 1 A 9 5 « $ l O 9 ® 

TICKETED $13 AND $15. J 
V o 
I Mm 
Jumpsuits ondm m 
$ Q 9 o 
Gaucho Sets 
$13 
T 

Irregulars. First mode To sell for $2o to $5o. Sixes 5/15, 
6/18, 14*/i /24Vi. Not all items in oil sizes or prices. 
........I..................................... 
I.WMH— 
I........ .. 
Su m m e r Blazers and 

 t s h i r t Jackets ticketed $8-$io-$i3 11 

$5 98- $7 75- $ 1 o 25 

$2 off 

Pants, Jeans, Skirts, Vests 

TICKETED >5 T OMO . . . . 
2 

Blouson Tops, M uslin & Gauze 

_ 
. 
TICKETED 
$ 1 
Tops, Shirts $6 to $ 8 ............ 1 off 

Fashion T-Tops ticketed$5 
S J L $5 

Irregulars and first quality. Made to sell for $ 1 o to $3 o . Sizes 5 / 1 5 , 6 / 1 8 . 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 

Long Spring Gowns 

Irregulars of value to $12. 
Nylon. Cool lounge or sleep ^ 
^ ^ styles. Prints and solids. Sizes % 
V J 
S.M.L. 
TICKETED *6........... 

Ladies’ Spring Dusters 

$ 4 4 7 
, lf 

Ladies’ & Teens’ Baby Dolls 
Irregulars of value to $1o. Nylon 
^ 
_ and poly/cotton. Prints and solids. 
Cute two piece baby dolls. Sizes 
^ 
S M I. 
TICKETED $4.................. 
W 
Ladies’and Teens’ Nylon Slips 

Irregulars. 
Long to ankle 
C A Q T lengths. 
White. 
Adjustable TICKETED 
^ M • • 

 straps. Sizes 32 to 38. 
$4 . . . . mi 

Irregulars of value to $12. 
Poly/cotton. Gripper fronts. 
3 Pockets. Pastels, prints ond solids. Sizes S.M.l. 

TICKETED $5................ 

 mm 

IO. noun# st# 

SO 

 naanstu 

9 2 
* 8 5ol$9 9 2 l * l I 

 noons $14 tm $t5 

AMERICA’S BEST 
SELLING.. .ONE SIZE 
Sandalfoot 
Panty Hose 

_ 
Sandals and Wedges 

MOSTLY FIRST QUALITY OF VALUES TO $2o. 

Many are genuine leather from Italy, Spain, and Brazil. 
White Camel and 
# * 
# a 7 A 
# wm £ A others. Sizes 5 to 1o. 
^ Mt 
U 
^ 
" 

TICKETED $7-$S-$9... 
W 
W 
# 

Irregulars, of values to $1.49. 
Famous memory yarn. Beige, Sun- 
Mk d tan and Off Block, 
Navy and others. 49 

AMBUCA’S BEST SHUNG 
Support Panty Hose 
Irregular-,, of value* ta I2.P9. Famous 
All 
Day 
Montage 
B e n to n * and others. 
O 
$ 
Sites AR and CO 
JL 

All Nude Panty Hose 

39* 

NET IYT. 
I t o7. 

Irregulars, of values to 
$1.5o. Beige, Spice and others. Sizes P-A-T. 

FAMOUS BRANDS FOR LESS 

AT SOLO SERVE , 

$8 Jungle Gardenia 
Spray 
% C 9 t 
Cologne 2«x. 

Charles of the Ritz Ritual 

Splash Cologne 6 oz. $298 

Charles Revson “ ULTIMA" 2 or. 

Eau de Perfum Spray................ 
I * * 

Ultima Foaming Facial )« ........... 
I 19 

Cutex Oily Polish Remover t o r . . . . 
5 
9 
* 

Clairol “Long & Silky Conditioner" $ I 39 

FIESTA FLAMBEAU 

San Antonio politics: Lights! Camera! Elections! 

DRILL TEAM from Tarleton State University of Stephenville 
DONNA FLOWERS, 7, patiently waits for the parade’s start 

 hard, or it would make him look more of a bully.” 
In a 
Nix 
H ospital bed w ith p n eu m o n ia , M onfrey had still felt perky enough to call Cockrell a liar for allegedly ru n n in g a co m m ercial a t ­ tacking Monfrey for supposedly duck­ ing the second debates. 
The blast took Heller by su rp rise , but he shrugged it off with the ad m is­ sion that he couldn't control everything 
Monfrey said and did. 
“ Any can d id ate needs counsel on how to present arguments, and m ost candidates are smart enough to accept your advice,” Heller said. “ Spontan­ eous things — they all come home to roost. 
“ If I could have got to John before he issued that statem ent, I would have pulled it. But he was really feeling awful . . . flat on his back and not able to protect his flank. I g u ess it w as something he felt he had to say.” 
R egardless of M onfrey’s failure to m ake the debates and d esp ite w hat 
Heller considered to be intem perance iii Monfrey’s rem arks, Heller still felt co n fid e n t a b o u t his c a n d i d a t e 's chances as the voters went to the polls that Saturday afternoon. 

Better 

“ We’re certainly in a better position than John was two years ago,” Heller said. “ He was close then. But this tim e his c a m p a ig n has been a IOO tim e s better planned, executed and o rg a n ­ ized. The first election. John was be­ sieged with help, but he d id n ’t know how to utilize it. This time we’ve had p ro fe ssio n als in key spots who a re better able to mobilize the staff.” 
Heller was sincere. “ You c a n ’t lose too m any elections in my profession,” he said. He wouldn’t have signed on with Monfrey if he didn’t think he had a reasonable chance at being on the winning team. 
But a few hours a fte r H eller had 

Crowds and participants began taking their places several hours early Satur- df»v even in g to see 
A m erica 's prem iere night p a ra d e - — the Fiesta 
Flambeau 

MISS FIESTA contestants, Debbie West, front, and Debor­ ah Abrego, rear 

 cuss the issues. The writers are more conversant with the issues than the a v e ra g e perso n . G e n e ra lly I th in k debates generate more heat than light. 
They’re a personality contest. 
“ The second debates were sponsored by TV stations, and we felt we had to accept them. But we felt that respond­ in g to the opposition’s challenge to a face-olf at City Hall — we felt we could hardly afford to take the challenge. 
John was anxious to scrap with 
C o c k rell, but th e c a m p a ig n m a n ­ agement had some reservations about how he would do against a seasoned politician. 
Good sense 

“Cockrell frankly has a good sense of how to use the media, and she has a broad education,” Heller added. “ In a one-on-one situation, we w ere afraid 
John might come off second best. And 
Cockrell’s a woman. John couldn’t hit 

Monfrey’s advisors lent an al­ most constant guiding hand 

 finished the last of that Falstaff, the run-off results began coming in. and it w as soon c l e a r th a t C o ck rell w as sweeping past her opponent. 
While Monfrey laid low during the run-off cam paign, Lila was literally hitting the streets to get out her sup­ porters. At times things hadn't looked too good for the m a y o r d u rin g the run-off. If, as H eller said, run-offs consist m a in ly of g e ttin g the s u p ­ porters to turn out, Cockrell could have been in trouble. 
The North Side precincts that were her biggest base of support had few run-offs for district councilmen. It w as a question of w hether Cockrell could get her supporters to go to the polls if the only race was the one for mayor. 

Door-to-door 

To get out that vote. Cockrell bought 
TV and radio tim e and she agreed to an idea suggested by Steve H ester, her campaign coordinator. 
While w o rk in g in U.S. Rep. Bob 
K ru e g e r ’s c a m p a ig n , H e ste r h ad 
Krueger walking door-to-door asking for votes. 
“ It's largely a symbolic gesture.” 
Hester explained. “ But it’s very effec­ tive. People are impressed by it. and years later they’d run into to Krueger and mention the tim e he came to their door.” 
H ester c o n v in ce d the m a y o r th e same tactic would work for her. So the two weeks before the run-off found 
Cockrell and a group of her supporters tra v e lin g ab o u t th e city in a W in ­ nebago, sto p p in g at likely looking neighborhoods in each district to knock on doors. 
A few days before the run-off Lila was d e m o n s tr a ti n g w hat kind of tro o p in g c a m p a i g n e r sh e w as on 
Robinhood Place, in the heart of her 
North Side stronghold. 
As soon as the Winnebago stopped, the m ay o r w as off an d ru n n in g — 

 nearly literally; she walked at a fast pace that left some in her group behind. 
Taking care not to walk on anyone’s lawn, Cockrell strode up to a house that had been scouted by a cam paign worker to see if the occupants would like to meet the mayor. 
“ Welcome to our neighborhood.” said the woman at the house as she pulled her bathrobe around her. 
Cockrell sm iled as w arm ly as she could. “ Hello. I just want to ask you to go to the polls Saturday and give us your vote.” 
The woman assured the m ayor she had her vote, and they were off to an ­ other house. 
The mayor was being folksy — for her. At one house a man told her, “ I ve got a rose around here you must see.” 
For once, Cockrell’s mind wandered a bit. The air was humid and hot, and she had been going from house to house for about an hour. “ Well, thank you,” she said and started to walk away. 
“ Do you want to see my rose?” the man asked. 
“ Oh. y es,’’ she said and dutifully followed him to his backyard. She re­ turned a. few minutes later carrying a rose. 

Pictures 
Across the street a woman brought out a year-old baby and asked Cockrell to hold it while the woman took a pic­ tu re with her In s ta m a tic . C ockrell agreed and even managed a smile, but she d id n ’t kiss the baby. A fter all, there’s such a thing as being too folksy. 
The walks dem onstrated a difference between 
Monfrey and 
Cockrell as campaigners. 
While Monfrey was reluctantly being guided, and guarded, by the pro fes­ sionals such as Heller, Cockrell was very much the unchallenged m a s te r­ mind of her own campaign. 

Cockrell’s City Hall experience reporters’ questions 

On the w alk s, sh e d ir e c te d the workers like a general overseeing a battle, sending cam paign workers off with succinct, efficient orders, check­ ing the selection of streets, m ak in g sure workers rem em bered to ask ii they could put Cockrell signs in yards. 
D uring the c a m p a ig n , C o c k re ll’s political press re p re s e n ta tiv e often com plained that the m ay o r left her very little to do. 
“ She dictates all her press releases h e r s e lf ,’’ said J e a n n e t t e M a u e r. 
“ About all I have left to do is call the papers and read them the releases.” 

Replies 

At a meeting of M exiean-American women a few days before the run-off — a m eeting that the m ayor a d m itte d jwas half official business and hall campaigning — Cockrell listened while the women dem anded more Mexiean- 
American women on the city’s boards. 
Cockrell was on her own, giving spon­ taneous replies, but replies that were never impetuous. 
< 
The m ayor’s cam paign may not have had a single professional media m a s­ term ind like Heller, but she had her 

 m ade her an old hand at fielding 

 pros behind the scenes as much as 
Monfrey. 
The Steve Hesters and Ron Dixons m ad e c ru c ia l c o n trib u tio n s to her c a m p a ig n . 
And C o c k re ll h e rs e lf credits her eight-percentage-point lead over Monfrey in the first election this y e a r to a c o m p u te riz e d m e th o d of phoning supporters to get out the vote on election day — a method pioneered by the Austin firm of Riem er, Kaplan. 
Duncan and Young. Heller adm itted the technique is m o re .so p h isticated than anything at his disposal. 
The truth of the cam paign probably lies in Heller’s confession that media pros like himself “ can only improve on certain things a candidate either has or doesn't have. The candidate has to be authentic.” 
To the extent that images are more im p o rta n t th a n iss u es, C o c k r e ll’s image as a tough, efficient veteran in office — despite her lack of the com­ mon touch — was easier to sell than 
M onfrey’s im age as a successful bu­ s in e s s m a n and p u b lic s e r v a n t , an unage that had to buck M onfrey’s ap­ pearance of bossism. 
All along, the election had one sure winner — the image m akers. 

CROWDS line downtown streets waiting for Fiesta Flambeau 

Si aff 
I M io lo s b v 
■LM. 
BEA X 
.HK. 

Hill plans to host bi-national confab 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
H 

SPECIAL TO THI tXPKESS-NEW? * 

Texas Atty. Gen. John Hill said 
'Saturday he will host a bi-national conference in El Paso late next sum­ mer to discuss drug traffic and illegal alien problems with 
Mexican authorities. 
Hill spoke with reporters after re­ turning to Dallas from the Southwes­ tern States Conference on Crimes on the Border in San Diego. 
Earlier in the day at San Diego, outbound checkpoints for travelers going from the United States into 
Mexico were proposed to stem what was called the almost unchecked flow of- stolen property and automobiles across the Mexican border. 
The checkpoints would be similar to those currently manned by United 
States Customs officers to screen mo­ torists and pedestrians entering this country at border crossings. 
California first 

California may become the first state to initiate the outbound checkpoint plan, California Atty. Gen. Evelle 
Younger told more than 3oo federal, state and local law enforcement of­ ficers attending the three-day conference. 
Authorities from Texas. Arizona and 
New Mexico, also plagued by spiraling criminal activities along the 2,ooo mile 
U.S.-Mexico border, also expressed strong support for the checkpoint proposal. 
“ It might be unpopular at first, especially if the checkpoints create traffic jams and long waiting lines, but the system could work,” a spokesman for Younger said. 
The outbound checkpoint system was one of several proposals discussed by participants at the conference. 
Regular meetings 
A major item was a plan to establish regular meetings between the United 
States and Mexican enforcement of­ ficers to iron out border crime problems. 
Mexican Atty. Gen. Oscar Flores 
Sanchez and law enforcement officials from the six Mexican border states took part in the conference along with 
U.S. 
Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell, who was keynote speaker; Peter Bensinger, head of the U.S. Drug Enforcement 
Administration; Leonard Chapman, commissioner of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service, and others. 

In Dallas, Hill said the proposed meeting will probably be held in Sep- tember and that U.S. Atty. 
Gen. Griffin Bell and the 
Mexican attorney general will attend 

Among other proposals discussed were: tougher sentences for convicted smugglers of illegal aliens, a program of federal reimbursement to defray state and local costs in the handling of illegal aliens, a coordinated state and federal effort to deal with false iden­ tification documents, and the develop­ ment of a positive identification sys­ tem for undocumented aliens. 
Controversial 
The conference steered clear of such highly controversial proposals as the use of military personnel for border patrol. 
Younger, however, urged the federal government to take an active leader­ ship role in finding and financing solutions to the massive problems created by border crime. 
At the same time. Younger ordered his staff to arrange twice-yearly meet­ ings for law enforcement agencies dealing with border crime and to es­ tablish a series of monthly meetings between California and Mexican law officers to solve mutual problems. 
The Southwestern States Conference on Border Crime passed a formal re­ solution commending Mexico for its opium poppy eradication project aimed at wiping out the illegal production of heroin. 
During the past five months, Mex­ ican authorities, using airplanes and herbicide-spraying helicopters, have destroyed 36,ooo fields of opium pop­ pies and marijuana plants capable of producing an estimated $2 billion worth of illicit drugs. 
In Dallas, Hill said the proposed meeting will probably be held in Sep­ tember and that U.S. Atty. Gen. Griffin 
Bell and the Mexican attorney general will attend. 
Regarding the three day California conference, Hill said the talks yielded a commitment between the two nations to wipe out Mexican poppy fields that provide the basis for several drugs. He said Bell is in the process of writing specific recommendations to combat 
LUNG CANCER 

Continued from Page IA not w ipe out the malignancy. 
“ The patient knows all the facts now. 
Nothing has been kept from him.” 
Monfrey was to be released from the 
Nix this week, and then return there intermittently for cobalt and chemoth­ erapy as an outpatient. 
A groundswell of sympathy for the businessman and civic leader already stirs among close friends and associates. 
“ Had Johnny won election as mayor, it's highly unlikely he could have served out his two-year term,” said one of them brokenly. 

“ In a way, that would have been even more tragic and harder to bear.” 
Echoed a golfing chum of Monfrey’s at Oak Hills Country Club, “ This is terrible news showing once again how7 unpredictable life — and politics — really are.” 
Nix Hospital technicians a said 
Monfrey has “ an oatcell malignancy” in his lung. 
“ It’s in a position that doctors simply can’t get at,” said one tech­ nician. “ These are extremely bad cases. Life expectancy in such malig­ nancies would be four months without chemotherapy, a year or so with it.” 
Samsonite 
Silhouette 

^ r n rn p 
Perfect for the Graduate 
9 # 
4 l a E • • • or Vacationer! 
D 

★ All first quality Samsonite Silhouette 
★ Classic styling, absolite sides, recessed locks, deluxe linings, exclusive lightweight magnesium frames. 
★ Due only to a color change are we able to offer these sale prices. 

Reg. 
Sale 
Reg. 
Sale 
Tote Bag 
$38.oo 
$28.49 
26” Pullman..... $74.oo 
$55.99 
21" O’Nite 
$48.oo 
$35.99 
26” 3-Suiter ... $78.oo 
$58.49 
24" Pullman $62.oo 
$46.49 
Other sizes to match. . . 

Choose Sky Blue or Moonglow for ladies, Olive for men. 

 an Antonio Trunk 
★ WONDERLAND ★ ALAM O PLAZA 
★ WINDSOR PARK MALL 
★ NORTH STAR MALL ic MCCRELESS SHOPPING CENTERCMI 

 the.problems and that those recom­ mendations will be submitted to Con­ gress this spring. 
However, Hill was a bit more critical of President Carter’s alien amnesty program during the 
Dallas news conference. 
The program would offer amnesty ta certain aliens residing illegally in the 
United States. Hill described the proposal as “ very difficult to adminis­ ter. Maybe I ’ll be more optimistic after I read the proposal,” he said, 
“ but I just don’t see how the federal government can handle eight to 12 million aliens on a case-by-case basis.” 

Group opposing car beach ban 

AUSTIN (A P) — Members of a newly-formed citizen’s group from the 
Port Aransas area are expected to attend a meeting of the Texas House 
Tuesday to protest a bill that would keep vehicles off Texas beaches. 
The group, formed last week, calls itself the Committee to Save Our 
Beaches. The organization says it has collected about 1,2oo signatures on a petition opposing a House bill that would keep vehicles off the^beaches. l i e ’s Just checking 

M ARIN E S.Sgt. Ray Hernandez carefully checks alignment of the 
University of Texas at El Paso ROTC drill team at the Lone Star 
Invitational Drill Meet Saturday at Trinity University’s Stevens 
Field. — Staff Photo by Pat Hamilton 
Hughes’ limousine is clean 

FORRESTO N, 
111. 
(AP) — Lew Lazarus, an auto collector and dealer, says he has the cleanest used car on the market — a “ germ-free” machine that once belonged to the late Howard Hughes. 
“ It’s a 1954 Chrysler with an air filtration sys­ tem that cost about 
$15,ooo. It circulates all the air in the car every 3o seconds,” he said. “ It’s got only 1,4oo miles on it and most of that appar­ ently was put on in 
Florida. It has 1955 Flor­ ida license plates and has been in storage most of the time.” 
Lazarus has been dis­ playing the light blue car in his Forreston show­ room in northwestern Il­ linois and said he plans to put it up for sale at an antique auto show Sun­ day at the Winnebago 
County Fairgrounds in 
Pecatonica. Ile said he bought it in January- 

TEt§7ftOM<N A = tow C.B. Prices Plus 
Personal Attention! 

H Y -G A IN 27o1 (4 W atts Output) 
4o-Channel CB M lb ile Transceiver 

Automatic gain, modulation, range boost, and noise cancelling circuitry 

Built-in mic preamplifier 

Illuminated 4o-channel selector and S/F meter 

Jacks for external speaker and optional telephone handset 

C ML 
99 
WITH PURCHASE OF ANTENNA OR SLIDEMOUNT 
O 
H 
I 
OTHERWISE $78.99 

SAVE $7o.96 OFF REG. $139.95 

☆ Teletronics Installs & Services C.B. Radios 

Regardless W here Purchased! 

H Y -G A IN 2 6 7 9 A (4 W atts Output) 
4o-Channel R em ote CB Transceiver 

2 module remote radio with hideaway design - 
THEFT PROOF FEATURE 
All controls on hand-held MSR Unit 
4o-channel digital readout 
Detachable mic, speaker, radio (MSR) Control 
Unit 
*138 
99 
WITH PURCHASE OF ANTENNA 
OTHERWISE $148.99 
SAVE $1oo.96 OFF REG. $239.95 
TEMTRo8l{$ A 
735-9226 
2 7 1 7 H illcrest 
(’/a Block W ast Babcock) 
» 

OME WEEK OM LY! 
SPECIAL GROUP 
DESIGNER SHOES 
REDUCED 
25% 

Pre-summer savings on Amalfi, 
Davit! Evins, Andrew Ceiler, I. Miller, Ad Lib, 
Dei iso, Bernardo, Daisy, Jacques Cohen. 
Designer Shoe Salon. 

FROST BROS. 

SHOP FROST BROS. DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR MALI 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 

Gullible 

Undoubtedly, this sea gull s size gives him some authority to do the talking, and it looks as through his com rades are catching every word. 
This conversation, which took place on an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico off 
Louisiana, was strictly for the birds. 
— AP 

Wirephoto. 

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 
After a week in which some areas accumulated up to six inches of rain, 
Texans, especially those living near badly swollen rivers, breathed a little easier at the sight of sunshine Saturday. 
Fair skies were especially welcome in soggy 
South 
Texas, where 
Houston was reporting fair skies and 
75 degrees. Skies over 
Victoria and Beaumont- 
Port Arthur were fair to sunny and readings were in the mid 7os. 
Across the rest of the state the thermometer ranged from the low 5os to high 7os late Saturday morning. Extremes were registered in Dalhart with 52 to 78 in Laredo. 
Still on rise 
However, the National 
Weather Service report­ ed flood waters from several Texas rivers was reacceding very slowly, if at all. In some cases, the rivers were still on the rise due to runoff from outlying streams. 
The affected rivers in­ clude: 
Nueces River — Flood­ ing next several days from above 
Cotulla downstream to below 
Tilden and widespread flooding from Three 
Rivers down to Calallen for the next few days. 
Frio 
River—Crested at Derby and is within banks. Lowland flooding will continue from above 
Tilden downstream to near Three Rivers the next few days. 
Atascosa 
River 
— 
Flooding to end by Sun­ day from Whitsett down­ stream to Three Rivers. 
San Antonio River — 
Widespread flooding with a crest moving down river below Fallas City 
Saturday that will reach 
Goliad Monday. Crest at 
Goliad near 38 feet. Flood stage is 35 feet. 
Above normal 
Guadalupe River — will be about two feet above normal from Can­ yon Dam down river to 
New Braunfels next few days. Widespread flood­ ing will continue from 
Cuero down river to Vic­ toria and Green Lake next several days. 
Lavaca River — Re­ turned to its banks in the 
Edna area Saturday. 
Mood stage was 21. feet. 
River stage was 21.4 feet. 
Navidad River — Low­ land flooding to continue in the Ganado area through Sunday with the river falling slowly. At 
Ganbado, the river stage 
Saturday was 23 feet, flood stage was 21 feet. 
Colorado 
River 
— 
W idespread flooding from below Wharton down­ stream to below Ma- 

Teak dining table w/Dutch extension 
3=:38514o, 35/2 x55, extends to IOO 
Now $328 was $426. 

Dining chair, teak/beige 
— 44o.272 
Now $98, was $149. 

Swivel rocking recliner in velvet or haitian cotton 
Now $395, was $527 

Recliner and ottoman, chrome/not. leather 
Now $498, was $753. 

Tea cart teak 3*7oo.2o 
Now $118, was $1 68 
Thonet bentwood rocker 
Now $148, was $1 98. 

Magazine rack teak #1865.3o 
Now $23, was $32. 
Thayer Coggin sectional in velvet or haitian cotton 

Corner unit 
Now $258. was $342 
Armless 
Now $2o5. was $273 
Ottoman 
Now $154. was $2o5 

Teak game table w 7Dutch extension 
#88o5, 33"x33" extends to 59 
Now $ 148, was $2o8 

Teak queen bed 
#2256o8o 
Now $23 8, was $318 

Wardrobe teak #218o.675 
Now $198, was $258. was 

 tagora next few days. At 
Matagorda 
Saturday, river stage was 9.7 feet, flood stage 8 feet. At 
Wharton, the river had crested Saturday at 32 feet. Flood stage was 29 feet. 

One is killed iii club lire 

GALLIANO, La. (AP) 
— A roadside nightspot jammed with more than 
1,ooo teenagers burned to' the ground early Satur­ day but only one was killed and one injured. 

S a v e up to 5 o % on o ve r one half m illion d o llars w orth of m erchandise...com e see the rest 

6951 San Pedro, 344-2338 (I mile south of Loop 41o) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page 
I B 
Committee may investigate reporters 

 w a s h i n g t o n p o s t s e r v ic e 
Fauntroy, a committee m em ber and w acutate twat ti a the District of Columbia’s non-voting 
J I h? r?ToN.r The HoUse ^SSa,S' delegate to Congress. sImi,^ 
C°mmi may ln,V?sU« a,e 
Indicating that he would strongly some of the reporters assigned to corer sop|M>rt s *ch a prohp 
D em o crat inquiry, ai<ceding to Walter E. 
Fauntroy said in rem arks taped for 

 b ro ad cast Sunday on “ A m e ric a 's 
Black Forum ” (WMAL-TV, Washing­ ton) that he was especially “ annoyed” at certain mem bers of the press for stories suggesting that the committee has come up with nothing new thus far in its investigations of the m urders of 
President Kennedy and Martin Luther 
King Jr. 

The chairman of the subcommittee investigating the King assassination, 
Fauntroy did not nam e the “ few ” journalists he bad in mind, but he vowed to find out if any of them were 
CIA agents engaged in some sort of conspiracy to undermine the com m it­ tee with unfavorable publicity. 

“ T h at’s a possibility, let m e say that,” F'auntroy declared. “ T hat’s not beyond the realm of possibility and certainly knowing as we know that, there are agents who are journalists and who write to shape public opinion, 
I don’t dismiss that.” 

In any case, he predicted that tho 
“ activities” of certain reporters who had written critical stories about the committee will themselves be subject­ ed to congressional investigation. 
“ . . . I’m annoyed,” Fauntroy said, 
“ that certain m em bers of the press, not many, but a few — a few whose activities are going to be the subject, I think, ultimately of some of our in­ quiries — have suggested that we’re coming up with nothing new.” 

Pressed to elaborate on the kind of media investigation he was talking about, Fauntroy replied “ that there are certain m em bers of the press 

 who’ve been writing about the assas­ sination for years and who have su r­ faced in the commentary on our ac­ tivities now and have been successful, 
I think, in shifting the focus of the 
American people from the substance of what we are investigating to what I call side-show issues.” 
A sim ilar theme has been voiced repeatedly in recent weeks by Mark 
Lane, the ubiquitous assassinations critic and director of the Citizens 
Commission of Inquiry who worked closely with Fauntroy last year in lobbying for House approval of the investigation. 
On at least one radio talk show recently, Lane singled out for criticism this reporter (George Lardner Jr. of 
The W ashington P o st), Je re m ia h 
O'Leary of the Washington Star and 
David Burnham of the New York 
Times. 
Created last September largely as the result of a determined effort by 
Fauntroy and the Congressional Black 
Caucus, the committee soon became m ired in c o n tro v e rsie s over its proposed budget, its prospective in­ vestigating techniques and its former chief counsel. Richard A. Sprague, but it finally won House approval last month to continue the investigation. 
It is now seeking to nail down a $2 5 million budget to carry the inquiry through the rest of the year. 
Com m ittee m em bers, m eanw hile, have been frequently inclined to deny any shortcom ings and, instead, to blame many of their problems on the press. 
Getting down to basics 

Y O G A EXPERT Arden Zinn of Atlanta shows Georgia Tech football players how to loosen up during spring practice ses­ sions. The team spends 15 minutes daily doing the loosening-up exercises — AP 
Wirephoto 
Accused spy signs statement 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

LOS ANGELES — One of two young men accused of spying for the Soviet Union has signed a statem ent, according to governm ent sources, ad­ mitting that at a 1975 m eeting in Vienna he gave detailed documents to Soviet officials about a secret 
American satellite that, he told the Russians, “ flies over your country, photographing it, two or three times a day.” 
Although government and defense lawyers, have declined to comment on the reported statem ent, it was learned that Andrew Daulton Lee, 25 years old, who is scheduled to go on trial here Tuesday on espionage charges, made it to agents of the Feberal 
Bureau of Investigation after his arrest in Mexico 
City on Jan. 6. 
His attorney, Kenneth Kahn, has maintained that 
Lee believed that he was acting as an agent for the 
Central Intelligence Agency, which had planned the effort to spread “ disinform ation” to the Soviet 
Union. A CIA official Ijas denied this. 
A friend of Lee, Christopher J. Boyce. 23, has been on trial on the same espionage charges before Judge 
Robert J. Kelleher in Federal District Court here for the past two weeks. Boyce’s case is expected to go to the jury Monday. His attorney said that Boyce might take the witness stand before the jury accepted the case. 
U ntil last 
D ecem ber, 
Boyce o p e ra te d a cryptographic communication center that handled traffic between TRW System s Inc. in suburban 
Redondo Beach, Calif., and the CIA headquarters in 
Langley, Va. 
The government alleges that he and Lee photo­ graphed thousands of docum ents that passed through the center in 1975 and 1976 and were paid 
$7o,ooo by Russian agents in Mexico City and 
Vienna. 
Lee’s signed statem ent which is said to give details of his involvement in the alleged spying scheme, and his contention that it had been hatched by the CIA and Boyce, have been classified “ top secret” by the government. 
However, according to governm ent sources in 
Washington, Lee said that he met with Soviet agents at the Intercontinental Hotel in Vienna in November 
1975, and gave the documents on the TRW photo reconnaissance satellites to Soviet representatives. 
The reference to the satellites is the first indica­ tion that the Soviet Union may have retrieved details of such intelligence-gathering system s. They are the major tool used by the CIA to monitor Soviet weapon developments and installations and would be used to assure compliance with any agreem ent on limiting strategic arm s. 
In Boyce’s trial, the government has sought to impose a narrow lim it on the subject m atter introduced into evidence, apparently in part because of concern that details of im portant intelligence technology might be disclosed in court. 
Defense lawyers have complained that such limits on the use of CIA data have impeded them in giving 
Bovce a complete defense. th e only project to which the prosecutors have specifically referred is one proposed by the agency in 1972 that never got off the ground. 
Called Pyram ided it envisioned launching three satellites into space to relay reports from CIA spies around the world to the agency’s headquarters in 
Virginia. Lee allegedly had m icrofilm ed photo­ graphs of documents giving details of the Pyram ider project when he was arrested in Mexico City in 
January. 
. 
Boyce’s attorneys have argued that the informa­ tion contained in these documents is out of date, available iii standard engineering books and pub­ lications. and was im properly classified “ top secret.” Therefore, they contend, he is not guilty of stealing valuable state secrets. 
Leslie Dirks, assistant director of the CIA for science and technology, conceded at the trial that much of the information contained in the documents was generally available, but said that some of it was not, and that the knowledge of the mere existence of such a study, as well as some of the details, would give valuable information to the Soviet Union. 
Of much greater concern in defense circles than the Pyram ider project, however, is the question of what other information the Soviet Union may have received. 
For example, there is concern about leakage of information about TRW’s routine work on satelUites used for military reconnaisance, communications and detection of enemy missile launchings. 

We care about your son at San Antonio Academy. 

Established in 1886, San Antonio Academy is the oldest private military .school west of the 
Mississippi. We offer an outstanding faculty and curriculum for your son. pre-school through 8rh grade. 
Our low teacher/student rario allows individu­ alized attention for each boy. In a military environment which enhances self-discipline, we offer a well rounded program emphasi> ing strong academics, athletics, cultural activities and non-demoninarional chapel services. 
Caring about boys has been a 91 -year tradition at San Antonio Academy. Call, write or come by for an appointment if you’re interested in the best education your son can experience. 

SI2/7JJ-7UI 
P.O. BOX I ’o48 
117 E. FRENCH PLACE 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78212 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
ACADEMY 

Take care of your natural beauty with our Ultima II collection for any skin type 

When you have sensational looking skin, take care of it! Ultima II by 
Revlon has all the ingredients to help make skin care regim en easy ... with great results you can feel and see. We have a collection to suit every type of skin, so let Ultima II take care of you ... Milky Facial Bath, 4 oz. 
4.oo. Lotion Refreshment, 7.7 oz. 5.oo. Under Makeup Moisture Lotion, 2 oz. 7.5o. And for a wonderful fragrance ... Ciara, 2 1/8 oz. concentrated spray cologne, 11.oo. These are just a few from our Ultima II collection in 
Cosmetics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin. C harge it! 

THE DUFFLE-LIFE BEAUTY KIT 

A special idea from Ultima II...a sport canvas duffle-bag in navy or natural stocked with beauty secrets—yours for 6.5o with any 5.oo purchase of Ultima II by Revlon. It includes Skim Milk Fresh Daily 
Moisture for under makeup, Fresh W ater Base Moisture Creme, A Better 
Makeup, Super Care Lipgloss, and 1/2 oz. Cerissa perfume concentrate spray. We'll also put your initial on the duffle at no extra charge! 
JOSKE’S 

FRESH DAILY 
MOISTURE 
For Normal To 
Slightly Dry Skin 
ULTI MA’ll 
Charles Revson 
2 FLO / 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 I 977 

To have your problem solved or a quot­ ation answered, write Action-Express, PA). 
H ot 2171, San A ntonio, TX 7H2V7. 

M issing scope 

On Nov. IB, 197B, I sent a riflescope to a sports company in Colorado. 
On Nov. 3o, I received a card from them acknow­ ledging receipt of my scope for repairs. 
After waiting nearly four months with no word from them, I put in a call to the company March I. I spoke with one of the m anagers about the problem. 
He said he would have to locate the paperwork on it and he would call be back the next day. He did call back and said the delay was due to the unavailability of some of the parts needed. 
He said he was going to replace the whole thing instead of waiting for one small part. He assured me 
I would receive my riflescope in one week. 
I am still waiting! 
I have seen you perform m iracles for consumers and would greatly appreciate your help in getting my scope back. 
R.J.S. thanks.11 
A-E! 

U S S ] 

A ction-E xpress con­ tacted the sports com ­ pany in Colorado and a spokesman said the com­ pany had sent the re­ placem ent April 15 by 
United Parcel. 
In explaining the delay, the spokesman said the company had to wait un­ til your particular scope model was in stock. 
“ We haven't had it in stock for a long tim e," 

 the spokesman said. “ It only becam e available about a week ago.” 

You should be getting your brand new scope within a few days if you have not received it by now. 
The spokesm an also said the scope was re­ placed at no charge — you have a new scope in exchange for the old one. 
Lawnm ower repair 

About two weeks ago I took my power lawnmower to a repair shop because I could not get it to start. 
The motor turned but I could not get the ignition to spark and get started. 
The mower was in the shop for four days before the owner gave me an estimate. It scented reasona­ ble, so I told thim to go ahead and work on it. 
He kept the mower overnight. I was surprised when he called me the next morning and said it was ready. He had said it would take at least two days. 
Anxious to get it back and start my yard work so I could have it done by the end of my vacation, I went to pick it up. 
He had it running for me, and it sounded just fine. 
I paid him (in cash) and took the mower home. 
I was quite pleased with the work the mower did on my lawn that afternoon,. However, the next morning I could not get it started. 
I called the shop owner and he said he could not do anything unless' I brought the mower back to the shop. 
I was appalled. It seems to me I had just paid this man to do some work and he obviously had not done it right because less than 24 hours-later it was not working. 
We are at a standstill — I won t go to his shop and lie won't come to my house. 
What can Action-Express do? 
IRATE CUSTOMER 

Action-Express talked with both the repair shop owner and irate customer about this problem. 
The shop owner agreed his work was guaranteed for a period longer than 
24 hours, but said he does not make house calls. 
His policy of not mak­ ing house calls is posted in his shop — he has a 
Jingle or poem to that ef­ fect on a sign hanging on the wall behind the cash register. 
He will look over the m ower and try to see 

 what is wrong with it. He said he could not tell over the phone. 
The owner also said the breakdown may be unre­ lated to his repair work. 
It could have been caused by any one of a number of things. 
Irate customer said he had seen the sign but had not paid particular at­ tention to it and felt his case was different. 
Action-Express agrees with the shop owner and feels you should take the mower to (he shop. 
Lost package 

Help! I am really in a bind. Some friends of mine were in San Antonio recently to attend a reunion. 
They stayed in a North Side motel for about a week. During their visit I did not get to see them. 
They had brought me two packages from their home town and wanted me to pick them up while they were in town. 
However, since I had prior commitments and did not get to see them , we agreed they would leave the packages at the desk and I would pick them up later. 
I was kept busy for a few days after they left so it was about four days before I was able to go to the motel to pick up the packages. 
The girl at the desk told me the packages were not there. She looked around in the immediate area but could not find them. 
Then she had the nerve to say I had probably gone to the wrong hotel. I know what hotel they were staying ut — I called them several times and this is the only North Side hotel this national chain has. 
I can’t contact my friends because they were going to continue their traveling and I have no idea where they are now. 
Is the hotel liable for these packages? What can I do to get them back? 
H. G. M. 
Don't worry, your packages are at the hotel. 
Action-Express contact­ ed the hotel manager and he said he put the pack­ ages away for safekeep­ ing. 
He was worried when you did not pick them up within the first two days. 
Since he did not know the contents, he was afraid it was something valuable 

 and he did not want them stolen. 
He put the packages in his office and they are there now. He told the clerk on duty that morning, but said he for­ got to inform the after­ noon clerk. 
He was out when you went by the hotel, so the clerk did not know who to contact. 

Elizabethan festival set 

Dr. Louis A. Schuster, professor of English at 
St. M ary’s U niversity and 
S h ak esp earean scholar, will participate in a one-day Elizabethan festival Saturday. 
D r. 
S ch u ster w ill deliver the talks on psy­ chology of Elizabethan tim es and the period’s history, politics, natural 

 science, ethics, theology and law at the festival to be held on 
Roanoke 
Island. 
The festival, entitled 
“ Elizabethan 
Cele­ bration,” has been organized for the past two years by the human­ ities d ep a rtm e n t of 
Goldsboro High School- 
East, Goldsboro, N.C. 

 irs JOSKE'S FOR 
WONDERFUL SMALL 
APPLIANCES YOU 
CAN GIVE MOM 
THIS MOTHER'S DAY 

Small Electrics, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin 

These products have a manufacturer s warranty. For a free copy of the warranty write: Joske s of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6 

MAY 8 
I f 

Delight Mom with a Hamilton Beach 
Crockery Cooker 
28" 

Prepare your mother's special dinner early in the day with this slow cooker by Hamilton Beach, and have the rest of the day to spend with her. The tem­ perature control automat­ ically shifts from high to low heat. Features a re­ movable 4 qt. stoneware crock. 

She will flip over Contempra's electric crepe maker 
24" 

Make perfect, thin crepes in minutes with this electric crepe maker! 
Has a non-stick coated cooking surface for easy clean-up, plus automatic temperature control and on/off light. Charge it! 

Start her day right with a Mr. Coffee 
Drip Coffee Maker 
42" 

A fresh brewed cup of coffee is the perfect way to start the day, but with coffee prices going up you can't afford any waste. Mr. Cof­ fee, with the exclusive Coffee Saver allows you to select your own num­ ber of cups and brew it in minutes. 

Give her a taste of the Orient... an electric Wok by West Bend 

A key to Oriental cooking is the use of the Wok. Now you can prepare exotic meals in this authentic shaped 
Wok. The pan is ideal for stir-frying, poaching, stewing, and more. The 5V2 qt. pan is porcelain-clad in Mandarin red for durable beauty. Cleaning is easy too, because it has a non-stick interior and it's immersible. 
32 99 

JOSKE’S 

Hamilton Beach's Double 
Burger Maker makes food double fast & double fun 
2899 

For those times when 
Mom doesn't have time to prepare a big meal, she can whip up ham­ burgers, eggs, hotdogs and more in minutes! 
With the 
Double 
Burger Maker® she can cook 2 patties at a time on a non-stick coated surface. Charge it! 

The perfect blend, mother and Oster's 
Cydomatic Blender 
49" 

She'll be surprised at the exciting meals she can create in a blender, especially when it's an Oster! This handy cooking aid has a controlled 
14 speed cycle and it stops automatically when blending is completed. 
Designed in bright shiny chrome. Includes an 84 page 
Spin Cookery Cookbook. 

Surprise her with a Hamilton 
Beach Stand Mixer with dough hook 
79" 

Special days are usually oc­ casion for cakes or even a special loaf of bread. Hamil­ ton Beach helps you in creat­ ing your masterpieces with this terrific IO speed stand mixer, complete with dough hook. Comes with I qt. and 3 qt. heat resistant bowls. 

Bake or broil at the table with 
Toastmaster's Table Top Oven 

For those small baking needs or when you're broiling something just for yourself, why mess up a large oven? 
This small broiler/oven that fits right on your table features push button controls and dual tubular heat ele­ ments to broil, roast and bake. You also get "Clean 
Cookery" with removable doors, trays and racks. 
5499 

SHOP ALL STORES 
IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

I A UNIT O f ALLIO STORES 

 if 4 l a 
»■» 

Sale! Savings on crystal chandeliers 

Save 1/3 on sparkling Murray Feiss chandeliers turn your home into a glittering display of light 

Now, you can own that crystal chandelier you've always wanted but couldn't quite fit into your budget! Come to Joske's and take your choice of our beautifully crafted Murray Feiss chandeliers now at savings of W Select from the five styles shown, and add an elegant touch to your dining room, bedroom, powder room . . . anywhere you want soft, glowing light. Save now in Lamps, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

A. Antique gold leaf with crystal, 4 light, 16 in.xl4 in. high, reg. 85.oo now 54.99 

B. Strauss crystal 4 light, 13 in.x8 in. high, reg. 7o.oo now 44.99 

C. Antique brass with crystal, 4 light, 12 in.xl3 in. high, reg. 7o.oo now 44.99 

D. Strauss crystal I light table lamp w/globe, 18 in. high, reg. 45.oo now 29.99 

E. Crystal 5 light, 22 in.x21 in. high, reg. 19o.oo now 129.99 

 and 

SPECIAL! 
Save Vz on cur entire stock of chandeliers, orig. 69.oo-335.oo, now 44.99-224.99. Not all styles in all stores. 

For a limited time only, save on selected patterns of Royal 
Doulton English Fine China 

SAVE 

Group I. Springtime, Fireglow, and Miramont 
4 pc. place setting, reg. 22.5o now 14.98 
Bread & butter plate, reg. 5.45 now 3.63 
All purpose bowl, reg. 7.oo now 4.67 

Group 2. Mandalay, Provencal, and Tonkin, 
4 pc place setting, reg. 23.95 
.........................now 15.95 
Bread & butter plate, reg. 6.oo now 4.oo 
All purpose bowl, reg. 7.5o now 5.oo 

Group 3. Travistock 
4 pc. place setting, reg. 26.5o now 17.65 
Bread <5 butter plate, reg. 6.45 now 4.3o 
All purpose bowl, reg. 8.25 now 5.5o 

Whether you're a brand new bride or a not so new bride, you appreciate the beauty and elegance of fine china. Now is your opportunity to own exquisite 
Royal Doulton English fine china at VS off our regular price! Select from 8 classically beautiful patterns. The 
4 pc. place setting includes I each: dinner and salad plates, cup and saucer. Patterns and pieces not in stock and fourteen other current active patterns may be special ordered at sale prices. Be sure and use your convenient Joske's charge. Offer ends May 28. 
China, Downtown, North Star Windsor Park and 
Austin Highland Mall. 

These products have a manufacturer s warranty For a free copy of the warranty write Joske's of Texas, San Antonio, Texas 782o6. 

OUR BRIDAL REGISTRY gives you assistance in selecting your china, silver, and crystal, and helps you make your gift selections for your friends and relatives. 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Reform s upstaged by energy 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — Since the 
Carter administration’s energy pack­ age is being given top priority, welfare and tax reform legislation will not c le a r Congress this y e a r. Senate 
Majority Leader Robert C. Byrd said 
Saturday. 
The Senate leadership will demon­ strate its sensitivity to the energy problem by exchanging the Cadillac lim ousines made availab le to the 

Democratic and Republican leaders for sm aller M ercurys, Byrd told reporters. 
House Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill has already indicated that he is con­ sidering exchanging his limousine for a smaller car. 
Byrd said that with all the m ajor types of legislation the administration is preparing there is a danger of over­ loading Congress. 

“ We can’t deal with all the hodge podge of massive problems that con­ front our system in one session,’’ he said. 
“To the extent that I can, I am not going to allow a lot of other areas of legislation to become roadblocks to this energy legislation,” Byrd said. 
“Welfare reform will simply have to wait. We can’t do welfare reform in this Congress (this session). I would 

 seriously doubt that comprehensive tax reform could be effectuated in this session,” he added. 

The Department of Health, Educa­ tion and Welfare is scheduled to unveil welfare reform proposals on May I. 
Tax reform measures are to be sug­ gested later in the year. Both are items 
President Carter has included among his high priorities. 

Thirst quenching servers 

A. 64 oz. "Brew" pitcher 
(shown) 
........... 12.oo ea. 

B. Whitehall 7-pc. beverage set (shown) 
. . . . 12.5o set 

C. National Silver 7-pc. beverage set (shown) 9.99 

D. Skol 8-pc, iced tea set 
(shown) 
12.oo set or 1.5o ea. 

E. Polaris Hi-ball 
(shown) ea. 3.oo 

F. National Silver 64 oz. 
York pitcher (shown)12.99 

9o oz. Tommy pitcher 
(not shown) 
.. . 2o.oo ea. 

Grand Cru 16 oz. looted ice tea (not shown).3.5o ea. 

Crown Tulip 16 oz. ice tea 
(not shown) 
. . . . 3.5o ea. 

Import Associates Mug 
(not shown) 
. . 4 for 12.99 

Whether you're serving tea and sympathy or a refreshing glass of ice tea, we've got the pitchers and glasses to serve it in. 
Choose from a wide selection of glasses, pitchers and mugs ideal for the variety of cool summer drinks you'll be offering. 
Beautiful sangria pitchers, ice tea glasses, hi-ball glasses and classy beer mugs. Use your convenient Joske's charge card. 
Glassware, 
Downtown, 
North 
Star, 
Windsor Park and Austin. 

Stir up savings with 
Oneida ice tea spoons 
1299 set of 4, reg. 18.oo 

You have a tall cold glass of ice tea, fresh lemon, sugar, and a sprig of mint, now what are you going to stir it with? A regular teaspoon is too short. A knife is definite­ ly not classy. Oneida brings you convenience, class and savings all in the form of iced beverage spoons. 
Beautiful and useful spoons in your choice of patterns ... 
Oneida 
Heirloom stainless: 
American 
Colonial, 
Michelangelo, 
Shelly and 
Dover. 
Community 
Silverplate: Patrician, Royal Grandeur and Modern 
Baroque. Select a set of 4 iced beverage spoons and save! Silver, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and 
Austin. . 

T 
/ \ 
Q 
T 
T 
M v 
O J k V A 
M A UN IT O f ALI I E P S T O R E S 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

CW . - 
D on’t fen ce me in 

CLAUDINE LONGET looks contemplative as she sits behind a fence, topped with barbed wire, surrounding the exercise yard of the Pitkin County Jail at Aspen, Colo. She is serving a 3o-day sentence for the negligent homicide of “ Spider" Sabich. — AP 
Wirephoto. 
Stolen data may be basisof Huj {bes book 

NEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

SAN FRANCISCO - Papers that may have been stolen from Howard 
Hughes’ archives in 1974 are being offered to publishers in New York as the basis for a book. 
The materials have been offered by 
Michael Drosnan, contributing editor of New Times magazine, with the help of John Marks, who was a co-author with Victor Marchetti of a heavily censored book about the Central Intel­ ligence Agency. 
Among the publishing houses that have been approached with Drosnan’s proposition, which seeks a $1oo,ooo cash advance, are Bantam Books, 
Quadrangle, Little Brown, Harcourt 
Brace Jovanovich, Random House, 
Dial and Simon and Shuster. 
Drosnan auld Marks have been lar­ gely successful in preventing leaks about their m aterial by extracting pledges from the editors with whom they talked. Drosnan would not discuss the book project when reached by telephone Wednesday. 
From burglary 
From descriptions of some of the material shown to publishers, matched against the way Hughes conducted his business correspondence with his principal aide from 1966 to 197o, it ap­ pears the material offered by Drosnan cam e out of a burglary at 7o2o 
Romaine Street in the Hollywood sec­ tion of Los Angeles on June 5, 1974. 
In addition to other evidence, Dros­ nan wrote for New Times an analysis of that burglary. The article, published in January, shows that in preparing it, 
Drosnan came into contact with some of the central figures in that event. 
One publisher, who asked not be be named, said: “ We decided not to go ahead with the book for legal, editorial and business reasons. The main reason was legal. 
L etters belong for publication purposes to the person who orginally wrote them.” 
This publisher praised the material as containing “ facts of real m erit.” 
But he added the m em ory of the 
McGraw-Hill fiasco involving Clifford 
Irving’s faked “ Autobiography of 
Howard Hughes” had troubled pub­ lishers approached by Drosnan. 
Sources who were shown some of the 

 material described two items, both of which were in Hughes’ scrawling long hand on lined, yellow legal pads. Both notes were directed to Robert A. 
Maheu who ran Hughes’ Nevada oper­ ations from 1966 to 197o, the period the offered material deals with. 
Memo on RFR 

One memo reportedly was written in 
June 1968 as a comment on the murder of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy. Hughes noted the Kennedy brothers had frus­ trated his political maneuvers on oc­ casion, but stated that Maheu should set out immediately to hire some of the 
Kennedys’ political followers. 

Hughes named specifically Law­ rence F. O’Brien, who was then 
D em ocratic 
National 
Chairm an. 
O’Brien was hired by Maheu as a pub­ lic relations consultant to the Hughes interests. Four years later, O’Brien’s office was a target of the Watergate burglars. 
Some observers believed the burg­ lars wanted to determ ine whether 
O’Brien had material about the rela­ tionship between Hughes and Richard 
Nixon. 

Early on June 5, 1974, Mike Davis, the only guard on duty at the Romaine street building was making his outside inspection, he told the authorities later, when he was captured at gun­ point by four men. 
They took him back inside, bound and gagged him, and put him on the floor of a second story office while they opened two of the 18 locked boxes there. From one of them they took 
$68,ooo, the police were told later. 
Burglars move 

Then, Davis said, he was left alone while the group moved to another of­ fice where a conference table was stacked high with 
H ughes’s documents. The papers were being in­ dexed, the authorities were told. 

After the burglary, the Hughes in­ terests discovered that among the missing papers was a memo to Hughes which outlined his participation as the 
“cover” for the Glomar Explorer, the 
CIA project for raising a sunken Soviet submarine. 

Meet Don and Judy Veach, authors of 'The Sand Dollar Watch Yearbook' 

Monday, from 12:3o to 1:3o p.m. Don and Judy Walker 
Veach will be in Joske's Downtown Book Department. 
Don and Judy are professional beachcombers and they've used their profession to produce this IOO page book about South Padre Island and the Rio Grande 
Valley. It includes beachcombing, birds, shells and fishing, plus history, recipes, poetry, photographs and drawings in black and white. 4.25. Get your copy in 
Books, Joske's Downtown. 

T / \ O 
T T 
Mmd 59 
M A UNIT CU ALI IEP STORES 

* 
* 

Role reversal serial debuts 

If y o ii t o is s an in­ stallm en t or two o f your fav o rite soap opera, read this column for a concise report of the activities on televi­ sion dram as during the week. 

ALL MY CHILDREN: 

While on police duty. 
Clay was fatally shot and 
Phil was critically in­ jured. Mona feared that 
Mark’s mother was Mon­ a's late husband’s secre­ tary, who had an illegi­ timate child. which would mean that Mark and 
E rica are half brother and half sister. 
Phoebe confronted 
Brooke and 
Danny about their love weekend. 
Brooke snapped out the information that her birth control pills were for her complexion. Jeff advised Tara to consider an abortion rather than go through a pregnancy under stress. 

ANOTHER WORLD: 
Egged on by Iris, Corinne broke off with Brian, but 
Molly and Ted plotted to keep Russ away from 
Corinne. Olive and Evan 

 schemed to invalidate 
John and Pat’s divorce settlement and to get the goods on Jeff, while Jeff blackmailed Evan into discrediting Burt. Iris was upset to learn that 
Mac and Rachel plan to have a baby. Dave and 
Gwen got cuddly but sh e’s nervous about working with Frame En­ terprises on the museum project. 

AS 
THE 
WORLD 

TERNS: Correction from last week: Of course it was Don who married 
Joyce, not Bob. who was thrown together with 
Valerie when Ralph en­ tered the hospital after a bad fall. Tom learned that Carol decided to reconcile with Jay. Kevin found Susan strung out in a motel, brought her to his cabin and helped her get through the DTs. 
John cooled it when he learned Dan was follow­ ing him, while Mary grew suspicious. Laurie learned that Jay turned for comfort to Natalie, who decided she’s turned off to Jay but is deter­ mined to teach him a lesson. 

Joske's North Star announces the return of stylist Ric Bishop 

Ric Bishop, a member of the fa­ mous Chadwick team is return­ ing to San Antonio. He has been working a s Style Director in one of Dallas's leading fashion stores and has recently brought from 
New York the newest hair fash­ ions for 1977. Ric will be forming a new team of hair designers at 
Joske's North Star Salon. For an appointment, call 341-6666, ext. 
3o5. Joske's Beauty Salon, North 
Star Mall. 
JOSKE’S fad A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

 oske's has a beauty shop or your furs 

Vhat a beauty treatment your ars get at Joske's! Our Electro­ d e process cleans your fur of lust and grime, prevents matting 
End guards against crushing . . . lakes it fluffy and lustrous. 
Vhile you have your fur here for 
Ilectro-Viv-ing, why not leave it 
/ith us for the summer? Our cold torage vaults right here on the 
•remises protect against sum- ler heat, moths, fire and theft, 
'all Joske's Downtown, for our 
•onded messenger pick-up. 227- 
343, ext. 678. 
JOSKE’S 
M A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
Upset about P h yllis’ donation, Neil got drunk at the hospital board dinner and later made love to Mary. Greg was named chief-of-staff. 
Tom suffered a stroke. 
Don and Marlena con­ sum m ated their love. 
Laura advised Trish to testify under sodium pentathol. Val was un­ decided whether to marry David immediate­ ly or finish college first. 

THE DOCTORS: Paul was rushed to the hospi­ tal after an overdose of booze and drugs and was doctored by Jeffie Row­ land. Mike returned with 
Jason to help Matt, after learning that Paul and 
Stacy were responsible for Joanie’s death. Ann was pressured by Steve to visit catatonic Carolee. 
Ann tore up a report about Mrs. Lomax and 
Marycllen and intimated that M.J. was responsi­ ble for Carolee’s setback. 

THE 
EDGE 
OE 

NIGHT: Josie offered to let Nancy adopt Timmy if 
Nancy doesn’t reveal that 
Josie was involved with the tape plot. Nicole dis­ covered that a fellow pa­ tient, April, is Miles’ sis­ ter. Saxon leaked a story to the press that the police are covering up 
Beau’s killer, then paid 
Ansel $1 million for win­ ning the court case. Chris told Tracy she’s more than a patient to him. 
Deborah told Danny she’s grateful Beau’s dead. 

G EN ER A L 
H O SPI­ 
TAL: After a fight with 
Monica. Lesley fell down a flight of stairs and lost the baby. 
Terri developed vision and ob- ject-identification prob­ lems. Heather and Jeff argued about giving the baby up for adoption. 

GUIDING LIGHT: Ann helped Mike bring the 
Abilene hotel owner to court to verify that Roger and Rita never left their room the day of Cyrus’ death. Roger admitted that his fear of testifying had come true. His mar­ riage had gone down the drain. Despite Rita and 
B e rt’s intervention, 
Peggy decided to leave with Billy. Justin courted 
Sarah, while 
Ed apologized for forgetting 
Holly’s birthday. 

LOVE 
OF 
L IF E : 
Charles told a stunned 
Eddie that Felicia was pregnant with Eddie’s child. Meg intimated to 
Betsy that Ben is having a fling with Mia. Ray blackmailed Ian into a co-partnership after learning Ian maneuvered city council votes on legalized gam bling in 
Rosehill. Ben lost his job. 
Felicia is having trouble with her pregnancy. 

ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Charges were dropped again st 
Cathy. 
Will wanted to release her but 
Tony was reluctant to live with her. 
Vicki received a crank call that 
Cathy (or another weir­ do) may kidnap Kevin again. Karen returned 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday April 24 1977 
Coal plant valve tests to begin 

 from her honeymoon to find Marco making time with Samantha, which didn’t please Brad or 
Naomi. Larry warned his bride to be a better housewife and ste p ­ mother. 

RYAN’S HOPE: 
Tom tried to cover up the bad publicity when a nurse gave Ja c k the wrong medicine. Jill hired Mi­ riam George as E d ­ m und’s nursem aid. 
Seneca tried to convince 
Jill to go to Philadelphia for further tests on Ed­ mund the sam e day 
Frank needed her to at­ tend a political meeting. 
Faith declined 
P a t’s elopement proposal. 
SEARCH 
FOR 
TOMORROW: Jo fretted that G reg’s attentions run hot and cold. Steve returned to learn that 
Liza’s eyesight is slowly returning but that she’s convinced their marriage is over. Gary and Ste­ phanie were reinstated at the hospital. Stephanie maneuvered to help John win back a former client. 

THE 
YOUNG 
AND 

THE RESTLESS: 
Kay threatened to start drinking again if Joann moved out. Kay gave 
Joann Jack’s letter after 
Joann returned K ay ’s friendship ring. Ron vi­ sited Nancy, who a t­ tacked him. Snapper told 
Jill to consider returning to work with 
Derek rather than m arrying 
David. Stuart and Snap­ per planned to run Ron out of town. 

ALL THAT GLITTERS: 
The debut of this new serial which concerns the reversal of traditional m ale-fem ale roles in­ troduced the boardwomen of Globa- tron 
Corporation. 
Chairperson L. W. Car- ruthers, worried about the selection of the com­ pany’s 
Wilmington 
Woman, Linda Murk- land, who was kidnaped. 
Other board m em bers include Christina Stock- wood, whose frumpy husband Bert found out she’s having an affair with secretary Dan Kin­ caid; Nancy Bankston, whose husband Glen is an aspiring actor who audi­ tioned for super-agent 
Jo an Hamlyn; lawyer 
Andrea Martin, whose lover Michael McFarland wants to forgo a career for children and m a r­ riage, and Peggy Horner, who is intimidated by big boss L.W. 
Reunion set 

The Robert E. Lee 
High School class of 1967 is planning a reunion for 
June 25 at Los Patios. 
For further informa­ tion or reservations, telephone 734-36o7. 

Steam pressure safety valves on the first unit of 
City Public Service’s new coal-fired power plant southeast of San Antonio will be tested and ad­ justed in the next few' 

 days. 
Beginning Monday 16 safety valves on the massive boiler will be tested to operate at steam pressures of up to 
3.ooo pounds per square 

 inch. 
Boiler pressure during routine plant operations will be 2,4oo psi. 
“ Insurance regulations stipulate that the safety valves must be tested to 

 make sure the boiler is properly protected,” said 
Gen. Mgr. J. K. Spruce. 
Each safety valve check will produce noise of short duration similar to a small explosion, fol­ 

 lowed by a roaring sound. These sounds will be audible to residents living within several miles of Calaveras Lake. 
He said the test firing is being done with oil. 

> ' v •• 
’ W 
J 

 r n . ' 

Between a girdle and a panty there's 
"Something Else" by Flexnit 

Why struggle with a girdle when all you need is a little support once in a while? Try 'Something Else' . .. it's less than a girdle but more than a panty, so you get just the right amount of control under a snug pair of slacks, shorts, or any warm weather clingy fashion. "Some­ thing Else" from Flexnit is our newest fashion helper . . . and it's perfect for anything from active sportswear to daytime or evening wear. In white, pink, blue, aqua, or brawn Lycra ® spandex sizes S,M,L, 3.oo XL, XXL, 3.5o. 
Silhouette Shop, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, 
Austin. Charge it! 
JOSKE’S bd A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Look your loveliest with electrolysis 

Don't sacrifice half your b e au ty b e ­ cause of unwanted facial hair! Let our 
Electrologist help restore your total loveliness with the 
K r e e Method of hair removal. Safe- ly, a n d g e n t l y . 
Make an appoint­ ment for your anal- ysis. North Star 
Beauty Salon, call 
341-6666, ext. 3o4. 

J O S K E ’S m A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

Save 13.oo on Roux 

 v Frosting and put a 

 little spring in your hair 

22oo 

Reg. 35.oo. Come in to Joske's and have your hair frosted, to flatter your features and your skin tones. Highlighting, halo-ing or subtle color woven through your hair...it's a gentle look for spring. This special price applies only to cap frostings; long hair and additional bleach application extra. While you're having your hair frost­ ed, why not have a beautiful precision cut to show it off, 7.oo to 1o.oo. To make this lovely picture complete, treat yourself to an expert manicure and charge it to your 
Joske's account. Beauty Salon, second floor, Downtown, 227-4343, ext. 3o4. North 
Star, 341-6666 and Austin, 452-9393. 

J O S K E ’S 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

* 

Get a lot for a little at the 
JCPenney restaurants. 

South Park • Windsor Pari 
All you con ©of. . . only 1.89 

Monday 
Chicken Fried Steak 
• • • # • • 

Tuesday 
Taco Platter 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

W ednesday 
Spaghetti with meat sauce 

• 
• 
• 
* 
• 
• 
Thursday 
M eat Loaf 

• 
* 
• 
• 
• 
# 
Friday 
Filet of Seasonal Fish 

Soup & Sandwich Special 

— 
1. 29— 
Chicken Salad, tuna salad plus a cup of Soup of the day. 

Coca-Cola" 
^ and 
Coke are 
H 
H 
H 
H 
U \ re a lite r c d 
11 
J 
» I «CT registered 
Trademarks which identify the same product of 
> 
The Coca-Cola 
C . O K G 
Company 

 real thin 
Coke 

Trademark 

$9o savings make a terrific start on a 3-pc. family room. 
It’s country style pine with sculptured arms. 

Sale$627 

Reg. $713. Sofa, chair, and ottoman by Bassett feature warm honey tones on pine wood arms and spindle legs. 
Durable olefin upholstery in cinnamon plaid or solid color; polyfoam cushioning 
Rocker reg. $249, Sale $219. 
Love seat; reg. $329, Sale $289 
Sale prices effective through Saturday 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Courts assume operation of jails, prisons, hospitals 

They run state prisons in Alabama, 
Mississippi and Arkansas, state ho­ spitals in Alabama, Louisiana and 
Mississippi^ and a school district in 
Boston 

2o% off ou r enti re I i ne of sheer fabrics for custom draperies. 
Beautiful classics, embroideries, more. 

We've a beautiful variety of airy sheers, all at 2o% savings for you. Choose colors that will work wonders in your room, choose a look that will invite second and third glances. Make your selection from dozens of fabrics; then we’ll make your new draperies with the quality detailing you want. You’ll get a great new look for your windows, at substantial savings. 
Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

For JCPenney Custom Decorating 
Service cal! 654-155o 
JCPenney 
South Park 923-5461 
Windsor Park 654-155o 

NEW YORK TIMES SERVICE 

WASHINGTON - In a deepening constitutional controversy, federal and state courts have taken 

 over the day-to-day oper­ ations of jails, prisons, state hospitals and at least one school district, in what is generally con­ 

 sidered to be the greatest extension of judicial authority in 174 years. 
In Tuscaloosa, Ala., for example, patients in a 

Two great specials. 
Choose your look. 
And your price. 

Gimme Curl special 16.88. Custom conditioners make it your personal recipe for soft, natural-looking curl. Shampoo, cut, styling included. 

Frosting special 18.88. Caress your hair with color. From a sprinkling of sun­ shine to bold accents. Toner and styling included. 

Mon., Tues., Weds. only. Charge it. N o a p p o in tm e n t n e c e ssa ry . 

Perms not recommended for bleached hair. 
The JCPenney Beauty Salon 

South Park 923-5461 
Windsor Park 654-1565 

1977 JCPenney Co.. Inc 

 state mental hospital some of whom had previously received up to 
8oo electric* shock treat­ ments, can no longer be given such treatments without their express consent or that of their guardians, nor can they be placed in isolation for more than 24 hours, compared with a previous maximum of eight years. 
In Jacksonville, Fla., the number of prisoners in the Duval County jail was reduced from 6oo to 
41o. the jail budget dou­ bled to $4 million and numerous new facilities installed, including a rooftop recreation area, from which two prisoners have jumped. 
Courts have taken over the operation of jails in 
St. Louis, Baltimore, 
New Orleans, Toledo, 
New York City, Boston, 
Jacksonville, Knoxville, and Lubbock and Harris counties, Texas. 
They run state prisons in Alabama, Mississippi and Arkansas, slate ho­ spitals in 
Alabama, 
Louisiana and Mississip­ pi, and a school district in Boston. 
To operate these facili­ ties, courts have issued 
1oo-point orders of great 

 oritv since Marbury v. 
Madison, in 18o3, when 
Chief Justice John Mar­ shall enuciated (he prin­ ciple of judicial review. 
“ By usurption the courts have taken over executive and legislative functions,” said Gov. 
George C. Wallace of 
Alabama. 
“ It’s government by the judicial branch. The judges, in their robes, lean back and say, ‘You spend this money.’ They don’t say how to raise it. 
They have a Utopian sys­ tem in mind, but we can’t have everything 
Uto­ pian.” 
Judge 

In a federal courthouse a few blocks away sits 
U.S. 
District 
Judge 
Frank M. Johnson, a soft-spoken, grav-haired man whom some call the real governor of Alabama because he is virtually running the state’s pri­ sons and mental hospi­ tals. Johnson ordered the new procedures in 
Tuscaloosa. 
“ I didn’t ask for any of these cases,” Johnson said. ‘‘In an ideal society, all of these judgments and decisions should be made by those to whom we have entrusted these 

 specificity, mandating everything from reduc­ tions in population and increases in staffing to the frequency with which corridors must be mopped. 
Directed 
Similarly, the courts have moved into legisla­ tive areas, and virtually directed the New Jersey legislature to enact an income tax, among the numerous directives that mandated legislatures and city councils to in­ crease taxes, change their budgets and reorder priorities. 
The courts have over­ come opposition by using their contempt powers to gain compliance from governors, mayors, legislators, councilmen, wardens and other of­ ficials, some of whom privately welcomed the judicial intrusion, even while condemning it in public. 
This intervention of the judiciary in the functions of the executive and legislative branches, based on findings of den­ ials of constitutional rights, is generally con­ sidered the greatest ex­ tension of judicial auth- 

 responsibilities. 
But when governmental in­ stitutions fail to make these judgments and decisions in a manner which comports with the 
Constitution, the federal courts have a duty to remedy the violation.” 

“ Otherwise,” he ad­ ded, ‘‘a judge would be a eunuch.” 

The extension of judicial authority into executive and legislative areas has evolved in the last 15 years largely as a result of class action suits that flowed from the 
Civil Hights Act of 1964 and the decisions of the 
Warren Court, notably 
Brown v. 
Board of 
Education in 1954. 

Supporters 

But even the strongest supporters of .judicial ac­ tivism say they do not lightly intervene in the operations of other branches of government. 

What opponents of judicial intervention fear most of all is the rise of an imperial judicial oligarchy, a ruling class accountable to no one. 

V < I % 
•r; • o. •* 

* 
• « « 

Cattle embargo this year called unlikely 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

The battle over how to eradicate brucellosis is unlikely to produce an­ other embargo of Texas 

Wedding 
Stationery 

Let us show you our beautiful collection of contemporary wedding stationery 
You can select your complete paper trouseau from a wide variety of styles rn every price range 

W edding Invitations, 
Napkins, Quest kooks, and Thank T o m N otes. 

J N EW M A N 
OFFICE PRODUCTS 

(form erly the C legg Co. Retail Div.) 

4o1 N. M AIN 
222-9576 
3921 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
734-5381 
FREDERICKSBURG SQUARE 

 cattle by the federal government. • 
Dr. William ‘ Dub” 
Anderson, American Ve­ terinary Medical Assn. president from Dallas, made that comment 
Saturday in San Antonio. 
Ile was to speak at the first meeting of the Bex­ ar County Large Animal 
Seminar. 
“ Brucellosis will con­ tinue to be a problem in 
Texas and other cattle producing states,” added 
Dr. Anderson of Dallas. 
“ But the continued in­ oculation programs for cattle and calves will help greatly in reducing the incidence of the disease.” 
Last year, the federal government placed a quarantine on Texas cat­ tle for a brief time until the Texas Animal Health 
Commission voted to comply with the federal program. 
Texas ranchers’ primary objection to the nationwide brucellosis program was the cost of testing animals. 
If they delivered cattle for slaughter, they were not charged the cost of testing for brucellosis. 
But if they wanted to sell cattle for breeding pur­ poses, they had to pay the cost of testing the animals. 
The disease causes female cattle to abort, have weakened calves or become barren. 
The national eradica­ tion program is an­ ticipated to cost owners of Texas herds millions of dollars in expenses for testings, veterinarian medical care and lost cattle. 

Peanut power 

Mothers to meet Friday 

AUSTIN 
(A P ) 
- 
Members of the Texas 
Mothers Committee meet here Friday for their an­ nual awards luncheon. 

Gov. Dolph Briscoe is scheduled to present the 
1977 Texas State Mother. 

I tmstmmek rn a wIto4Pe£ - 

BILLY CARTER is tagged out at third base by a member of the 
Peanut Eaters team during a softball game at Stoneburner's farm in Naples, Fla., Saturday. Carter played on the Redneck Power team, which lost. Each player paid $1oo for the opportunity to play ball with Billy. — AP Wirephoto 

Dockers to vote for chief 
SEATTLE (AP) — Two candidates were nomin­ ated Saturday to succeed Harry Bridges as president of the 
6o,ooo-member 
Longshoremen and 
Warehousemen’s Union, which he has headed since it was formed 43 years ago. 
James R. Herman of San Francisco and G. Johnny 
Parks of Portland, Ore., were nominated as the union ended its convention in Seattle, at which 
Bridges, 75, formally announced he was stepping down. 
The union previously adopted a mandatory retir­ ement age of 85, effective beginning at this conven­ tion. 
The election, which will be conducted in a refer­ endum of the members, is expected to take several weeks. The new officers take over July I. 
Candidates 
Herman, 5*2, president of Ship Clerks’ Local 34 in 
San Francisco, went to sea at 17. He was a full-time member of the defense committee when the government tried to deport Bridges in the 195os for anti-American activities. 
Parks. 55, the union’s Northwest regional director since 1969, joined the union in 1946, after leaving the 
Navy. 

ABELARDO RODRIGUEZ, M.D. 
ANNOUNCES THE OPENING OF HIS OFFICE 
FOR THE PRACTICE OF FAMILY PRACTICE. 
NORTHSIDE MEDICAL BLDG. 
I 16 EL PRADO DR. W. 
828-64o1 

Windowpane plaids, 

 bigger and better 

 than ever. 
They’re gently 

 shaped for you in the softest. 

 of knits. 

I r Cr& 
JE 
IFABRIC SHOPS 

FROM UNITED. 44-45” 
WIDE, 65% POLYESTER, 
35% COTTON. REG. $2.98. 

Very spirited, very soft, very now. 
Polyester matte jersey starkly plaided in black, red or brown with white. 
Sizes 8 to 18. 

The blouson *26 
The shirtwaist *27 

MONDULA 
HOMESPUN 
GAUZE 
PRINTS 
99* 
MF YARD 

5o% COTTON, 5o% POLYESTER 

44-45” WIDE. REG. $1.98 
EYELET 
EMBROIDERIES 
44 

YARD 

WEAVERS 
CLOTH PLAINS 

44-45” WIDE. 5o% 
POLYESTER, 5o% COTTON. 
REG. $1.98. 99* 
M r 
M F y a r d 

YARN DYED 
POLYESTER DOUBLE KNIT 
1oo% POLYESTER. 58-6o" WIDE. REG. $1.97 YD. 
YARDS » - * o o 
FOR 

/IDE. REG. $1.' 
$3 

SOLID WHITE 
DOUBLE KNIT 

1oo% ' OLYESTER. 58- 

6o” WIDE. REG. $1.97. 
$ 1 5 7 

YARD 

COUPON--- 

POLYESTER 
GOLDEN “T” THREAD 
225 YARDS 
LIMIT IO 
IO /*!oo ii 

COUPON----- 
ROLL INNER 
FACING 
25” WIDE, 6o% RAYON, 
4o% POLYESTER. 

JCPenney 

GOOD THRU 4-3o-77 
I____ 

 y a r d s $ rn OO 

FOR 
■ 

COUPON---- 

AUNT LYDIAS 

POLYESTER RUG 
YARD 
77* SKEIN 

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

I 

 i * 
COUPON 
»-*- 

I - 
~ 
" ' ' " " ' I 

I 
I I 

J 
GOOD THRU 4-3o-77 
J J 
— COUPON c o u p o n 
* - - » 

GOOD THRU 4-3o-77 

COUPON------ 
METAL 
EMBROIDERY 
HOOPS 
3 /$l oo 

C O U P O N -------- 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

1645 PAT BOOKER RD. 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
NORTHWEST CENTER 
3654 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
SOUTH PARK MALL 
231o S.W. MILITARY DR. 
85o7 BLANCO RD. 
25o6 NACOGDOCHES 

33o HWY. 9o W 
1o33 RITTIMAN ROAD 

6ooo-1 WEST AVE. 
AT JACKSON-KELLER 
NORTHERN HILLS 
12247 NACOGDOCHES 
AT PERRIN-BEITEL RD. 

CALLAGHAN PLAZA 
CALLAGHAN RD. 
AT CULEBRA 
615o WURZBACH 
AT EVERS 

BROOKHOLLOW CINTER 
I So32 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
ALSO SEGUIN TEXAS 

M is 

 f 
Wa Will Bt 
I 
Happy Ta 

Biland VMM Mttty ll Ytu Ait NM 

Siiitlttd Wuk f 

 a m d o s 
I U m i u r n 

 m i 

 l l SENTINEL COSMETIC ■ 
SOFT FLUFFS 

B 
B 
B 
B 
B m i POLY BAC Of 3oo 
B 
| 
■ 
' 
SO FT, ABSORBANT 
. 
REGULAR SIZE PUFFS ■ 

•>: r. 
USDA CHOICE 
BEEF 
ROUND BONE ARM LB. M 
■KO 

GOOD SUNDAY TUESDAY, APRIL 2 4 -2 6 ! uiiiiitiiuin.iiiium uiiiiinm tm niiiium m iinniiiiiiuiutujtinum untiuiluuii 
CLIPandSAVE 

SUPER COUPON 

^ Mm iwimiiT!l<i|)i|i<|(iNilhlO!ii^><i^!liP|it|Niii!iiiV!iim iiinllT l|,Jl 
JOHNSON DAYTIM E! 
IBABY DIAPERS 
I BOX OF 24 DAY-1 
THIES HORE I 
ABSORBANT. 

USDA CH OKS MHP. OPITfR CUT 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • . • • • • • a t 

SMOKflb CS MTS B CUTS 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • « 

PCXBICH. PULLY 
COOK CD BCOULA* 
OB MCP 
• • • • • • • • • • • • A 
K M M 
ALMBTSON’S 

CHUCK S T E A K S ! 
PORK C H O P S H 
SMOKED SAUSAGE! 
LONGHORN CHEESE 
SLICED BOLOGNA! 
SLICED B A C O N !! 
SLICED H A M R jH 
FRANKSiiiitti 

LB. 

• • • • • • • • • • 

J A MFT L II OB 
OLOVn MiAT 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • a 

LB. 

IO 
OZ. 
PKO. 
I 
LB. 
PKO. 

JANfT UFI NO. I QUALITY 

D AX. IMPORTS) 

JANET UC OR (SLOYER MEAT 

.PKO. 

4 
OZ. 
.PKO. 

12 
OZ. 
.P IC . 

88* 
$1 5 8 sp 
’ Io7 
89* sp 
89* 
58< 

% 

 l p 
« 

 i§w* V- 
^ 
JI 
—* 

. ~d% 
,& ■ 

M,\ 

 i t 
" 3 •■ 

~ 
- H S T 
T S T 
, J 3 
* 
“ATRY 

 v‘\ v 
, 
R f 

, 
— 
,i i M itt 
, W. a , A 
. mn 
CUT UP .53r 
WHOLE 

Ii GOOD SUNDAY-TUESDAY, APRIL 24 7 6 ! nitilUlii.iai.iai.huiiininiiiitiiaiiaiii.iiiiuiiaim iiuiiuiiiitiiuiiiiunii.iiiiii.i Ulm 
CLIPandSAVE 

SUPER COUPON 

X X FROZEN FOODS X X 

 lr IT” J 7 " ” I * Trr IT™J ’p r r r r ITTY] ' J r U ' f r l J J wl ' j r j j f T i T n 
TO P PIN G ..t. 
ZTS.1 
^ 25* 
POUND CAKE 
.xr-99* 
STRAWBERRIES^.^ 
3 ^ 1 
BROCCOLI SPEARS.:.".1-. 
-z 45* 
■f- * * i 
' 
H E 

LAMBRECHT iPIZZAl 

ASSORTED SELECTIONS 

DELICATESSEN 

HICKORY SMOKED 
"BARBECUE TO GO” 
I LB. BBQ BRISKET 

OMV AL KINT 
I PT. POTATO SALAD 
I PT. PINTO BEANS 

■ 
32 OUNCE MOUTHWASH! 
LAVORIS 

E ! 

I J | a v o r i s 

SAVE ON THIS GIANT 
ECONOMY SIZE! MORE 
DENTISTS USE LAVORIS. 

■ HEINZ STRAINED | 
BABY FOOD 

AIL VABHmiJ OP P lu m l f 

4 VKOCI ABLES 
Bf 

NABISCO CRACKERS saltin es! 

: 
SALAD 
■dressing 

O A BOCH CLUB 

MERICO TEXAS STYLE’1 biscuits! 

IO 
CT. 
PRGS. 

ONE STOP SHOPPING FEATURES■ 
A COMPLETE PHARMACY DEPT. ■ 
IN EVERY STORE! d 
•COMPARE THE SERVICE -COMPARE THE SAVINGS x ii 

M t t M 
T 

•COMPARE THE QUALITY 

■ N B N M M H B H H M I 
I 

 n m 

SHY FEIUHINE 
SYRINGE 

(Shy 

TWO QUART CAPACITY 
% 
DAINTY STORAGE CASE \ 
FOUR YEAR GUARANTEE I 

PRODUCE 
AVOCA DOS 

ORANGE J U C E M 
MANDARIN ORANGES 
GATORADE.-rr ... ^ 
6REllBEAN$— 
DETERGENT! 

 iAMBT IBI 
• • • •••is rn 

J A M I R I M C U T - 
' 

BOMtBOMB mtVT BUTT I BMI Bl ",■ 

CALIFORNIA 
THE SALAD FRUIT 

*?* 

I 
GOOD SUNDAY-TUESDAY, APRIL 24-261 
M ) i..iiK i.a iiiiiiia a .tta im u U id im a n »i»d ttm m *a ^ m tliU lim im i11T ‘1Ai*li *l“ 11 
CLIPandSAVE 

 iii: SUPER COUPON 

- 
H I I I 

POTATOES! onions! ! 
PEARSE! 
DRESSINGS 
LEM O N S ! 

COLOMA OO BUSSCT 

WHIT!. MS DWM SiZI 

D ANJOU. SUN PLAVOMO 

MABUS BLU! CHIISC 

SUNK IST. CAL BOSNIA PUSH 

FOR 
5~ 65‘ 
- 39* 
...3 - ’ I 

I 

IS OZ. 
JAB 
$ 

BROWNIES! 
POUND CAKE 
B R E A D T H 

CNOCOiATt PUOOC 

SA. 

MOOT A MUCOUS 

APPLE 

CINNAMON 
L e a f 

ITfffl f I l i f f I H R M H 
T T T T T T T T T T I 

— 
— —v 
[ b e s t -J 

12-24-12 
M b 
■■TW 
M w 
Plant Food 

A 8ALANOED MUTT 
FOOD DCIGFfltD 
FOP G tm iL U 
GARDEN L S t 

BEST 12 -2 4 -12 | 
PLANT FOOD 

 iii! SUPER COUPON 

 lfIIflfIYfftlflf ffFIIff illfIlfIIlf“lfIIlfTI 

A BALANCED FOOD FOR 
GENERAL USE. ESPEC­ 
IALLY GOOD FOR NEW 
LAWNS. PROMOTES 
STRONG ROOTING. 

GOOD SUNDAY-TUESDAY. APRIL 24-26 

AVAILABILITY 

Each of these advertised 
Items is required to tie readily available for sale at or below the advertised price in each 
Albertson's store, except as specifically noted rn this ad. 
RAIN CHECK 

We strive to have on hand sufficient stock of advertised merchandise, lf for any rea­ son we are out of stock, a 
R A IN C H EC K will be issued enabling you to buy the item at the advertised price as soon as it becomes available. 

BEST 21-o-o 
AMMONIA SULFATE 

CLIPandSAVE 

CHEESE 

KRAFT 
I LB. PKG. 
4 A IKRAFT AMERICAN 
• Y P J dELOXE SLICEOl 

< ■ • • • • : i 2 o z . pkg. 
I 1 

PROMOTES RAPID UWN 
CRoWTH. HELPS BUILD 
STROM, HEALTHY, CREEN 
TURF. GRANULAR FORM 
IS EASY TO SPREAD 

GOOD SUNDAY-TUESDAY, APRIL 24-26 

CLIPand SAVE 

KRAFT 
I 
JALAPENOl 
I LB. PKG. 

KRAFT SINGLES 
AMERICAN 
OR PIMENTO 
IS o2. PKG. 

CHEESE 
ICREAM CHEESE] 
B 8 3 T r ~ 5 7 J 

 sn 
□ a SKAGGS 
ALBERTSONS 
' 
DRUGS & FOODS 

KRAFT SIKHS 
AMERICAN 
I LB. PKG. 

3 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 
IN 41o AT BANDERA ROAD 
57o7 BANDERA RD. • 684-8632 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
11743 WIST AVENUE • 349-5257. 
WALZEM RD. AT MIDCROWH 
5538 WALZEM ROAD • 656-62oo 

WE ARE OKU 
24 HOURS A MY 
7 DATS 
AWEEK. 

•t* VA*.*?-***'**,"-'*’ 
« 
* 
* 
* 
' 
4oo1 said ‘ultimate’ in luxury life style 

4oo1 ‘townescape’ residences of 4oo1 N. New Braunfels Ave. shown by appointments 

Windsor Homes houses 

 offered on easiest terms 

For San Antonians who desire a worry - free life style of re­ laxed living in a very private, very secure and very individual residence, there is only one choice, 4oo1. 
4oo1 N. New Braunfels Ave. is a condominium community of pent­ house, tower and townhome residences enclosed in an intimate, colorful plaza in the heart of San Antonio. 
Engineering triumph 
Five years in planning and execu­ tion, the project is the architectural and engineering triumph of a few far - sighted men who realized, because of economic restraints, the opportunity to build such a community would never present itself again. 
The eager anticipation of watchful 
San Antonians has been more than met in the now complete and very success­ ful townescape residence. 
4oo1 brings together spectacular views; uncompromising security; the very finest construction and finishing details; and a leisurely life style en­ hanced by the kind of staff services 

 found only in leading luxury hotels and resorts. The opportunity to enjoy the 
4oo1 life style now- awaits a limited number of additional residents as the project is quickly becoming the ad­ dress for more and more San Anton­ ians. 

Recessed, covered balconies open onto breathtaking vistas of the sur­ rounding area. The charming San An­ tonio Country Club and the adjoining golf course are seen from the east, while an uninterrupted view of the San 
Antonio skyline sits south of the complex. 

The west view overlooks the serene panorama of Brackenridge Park, the slowly winding San Antonio River and 
Olmos Basin. The peaceful Incarnate 
Word campus, with Hill Country reaching into the distance, lies north. 
The unhurried, leisurely and secure 
4oo1 life style centers around a full - time resident manager and staff who handle the time - consuming details of maintenance, groundskeeping and other domestic chores. Flowers for the table, tickets to the opera, maid service, catering for a large party or 

 secretarial service are a simple phone call away. The experienced staff can coordinate timely details of travel ar­ rangements as well — everything from reservations to caring for plants dur­ ing any length trip. 
Uniformed doormen greet you under the porte - coe he re, assist with pack­ ages, if needed, and park your car in the guarded subterranean parking garage. 
Electronic surveillance and sophis­ ticated locking systems, monitored around the clock at the lobby security control center and reinforced by a roving guard in uniform, are designed to provide maximal protection for every resident and residence. 
There is only one 4oo1, with an al­ ternative life style long dreamed of in 
San Antonio and now available to the discerning resident who wishes to free his time from home maintenance for travel and other personal pursuits. 
A totally private, secure and indivi­ dual residence awaits those San An­ tonians who seek the better way of life. 
Shown by appointment only, 4oo1 in­ vites inquiries by telephone. The number is I - 512 - 828 - 6388. 

Spring is the time for cleaning house and, better yet, the time for buying a new home. This weekend Windsor Homes is staging an inventory clearance sale in Bristol Place. 
Imagine a new three - bedroom home for only $264 a month! It can be a rea­ lity in Bristol Place with a new Wind­ sor home. 
It ‘figures’ 
The low monthly payment foremen­ tioned can be figured as one based on a purchase price of $27,4oo with no down payment and 36o equal monthly pay­ ments at 8 per cent VA financing. 

In Bristol Place, newj Windsor homes are priced from $27,4oo to $32,975, put­ ting the luxury of a new home within the reach of most budgets. 
Bristol Place is expressway conven­ ient to downtown and practically next door to Fort Sam Houston. The new 
Windsor Park Mall is close enough to be convenient but far enough to be out of any congested traffic. 
Windsor homes are built on sound ideas such as the quality, luxury and value that today’s homebuyers seek. 
In a Windsor home, quality sur­ rounds you. High grade materials, su­ perb craftsmanship and close attention to detail are evidence of the quality 

 construction. It is this quality con­ struction that will be appreciated as time goes on. 
Luxuries have been included because of their importance to the homebuyer. 
The finest carpeting; fireplaces; beamed and cathedral ceilings; sunken living areas; and huge master suites are just a few of the elegant extras you’ll find. Specially sized Fodders central air and heat systems provide highly efficient air systems. Excellent 
Magic Chef appliances include range, hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
To see the new' Windsor homes in 
Bristol Place, take N. E. III 35 north to 
Rittiman Road and follow the signs. 
BRISTOL PLACE house offered with easily affordable terms by Windsor Homes 

~ 
........................... __________________________ 
San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page 
I -C 
^ 
-------------- 
V = 3 ^ LA R G EST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAW IOO YEARS q t — J f 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 

J COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
^ O F LIFESTYLES ^ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

O VEN 
\ 
All the convenience of conventional and micro­ wave cooking in one self-cleaning unit is yours with a new home in 
Camelot! 
Camelot 

I l l rn j 

(.'owav« C ookie POSSIBLE 
DREAM 

Everyone dreams of owning their own luxury home. 
Today Ray Eilison makes this dream possible in Camelot! 
New homes feature the luxuries of: 
• Fireplaces 
•Cathedral Ceilings 
• Carpeting •Built-in Electric Kitchens 
• Indoor Utility Rooms • Privacy 
Fences 

An 
Exclusive EN ERG Y PACKAGE makes your Camelot dream home even more attractive! • NO CITY 
TA XES means lower monthly pay­ ments! 

NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 
N EAR WINDSOR PARK MALL 
CONVENIENT TO A LL PARTS 
OF TOWN VIA IH 35 
‘ Cash price: 
$39,5oo. 
No down pay­ ment and no closing costs. V A mortgage 
$39,5oo. 
36o equal monthly principal 

 and interest payments of $289.93 for 3o years at 8% Annual Percentage Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
............ $289.93 
Taxes (County, State, School>....57.32 
(No!) City Taxes............................ -o- 
Insurance...........................................19.75 
M O N TH LY P A Y M E N T 
$367.oo 
THE AURORA 
Ray Ellison Homes 

‘ Blitz’ prize to S.A. 

Greater San Antonio 
Builders 
Association membership workers, led by hard * driving 
Chairman Gary Shef­ field, swept past the 
Houston bush leaguers in the first recorded Texas 
Inter - City Challenge. 
The “ slaughter of the 
Hun” indicates that San 
Antonio is “ unbeatable in short - range, biltz - type membership cam­ paigns,’’ reported Shef­ field, who added, “ The results are even more significant in light of the fact that San Antonio has only a tenth of Houston’s market area.” 
Champion 

The Greater San An­ tonio Builders Associa­ tion has proclaimed it­ self the World Champion of Texas. 
The campaign, led by 
Harris Connell, who per­ sonally accounted for 16 new members, served notice on other Texas cities which San Antonio 

Twin Creek presents six models 

' IL r n \ 
3 
Darolyn Akers, captain of a high-scoring team in the local builders association’s membership drive, presents a Weatherby rifle to Bill Worth, a member of her team and second - highest producer in the campaign. 

 is to be reckoned with in any membership compe­ tition. 
Connell received a 21 - inch color TV for his efforts. He also will re­ ceive an expense - paid 
'r o y a l’’ weekend in 
Houston, compliments of the Greater Houston 
Builders Association. 
Darolyn Akers of Tif­ fany Stone & Brick cap­ tured Top Team honors 

 with 35 new members. 
Bill Worth of McDon­ ough Bros, took second place honors with 14 new members. 
He was awarded a Weatherby 
Rifle. Worth also won a portable black and white 
TV for being the Day I leader. 
Ron Jaroszewski also won two major prizes: a radar range oven and a rod and reel set. 

Professional planning has made Twin Creek one of the fastest growining communities in the San 
Antonio area. 
The northwestern de­ velopment offers the kind of homes modern fa­ milies are looking for to­ day and can still afford. 
Established 
Twin Creek, now con­ sidered one of the estab­ lished neighborhoods for 
San Antonians, has ac­ quired a large populus since its grand opening in Fall, 1973. 
U S. Home proudly presents six fully fur­ nished, professionally decorated model homes in the area, an address for some 35o families. 
Streets in the neigh­ borhood necessitate slow traffic, and house exter­ iors along each create an impressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The community also features its own private clubhouse. It is already enjoyed by Twin Creek residents and offers them green, fenced tennis courts well lighted at nights. Other recreation­ al facilities include a 
Swimming pool, wading 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Gracious Hiving begins *fflitR J I Qareful Jlati 

Another M ike Kinder original in O ak Creek Northwest. 

From *79,5oo to *11 5,ooo 

3, 4 ti 5 bedrooms with split arrangements 

3 & 4 bath designs 

Wet bars and Ceiling Fans 

Large oaks— Horseshoes Drives 

Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 
» Microwaves— Continuous Clean Ovens 

• Will Trode or Custom Build 

• 9 Models Open Daily 
696-833o 

KITCHEN-AID 
Appliances 
Provided By 
I mile out Vance Jackson from loop 41o 

 pool, clubhouse with equipped kitchen and a playground for young­ sters. 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin Creek aiso bas a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding but city noises are never heard. Ne­ vertheless, the thorough­ fare Bandera Road is just a mile away; N.W. Loop 
41o, one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments 

 made by Twin Creek re­ sidents. 
Located in the pre­ ferred Northside School 
District. Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, 
USA A. South Texas Me­ dical Center, Southwest 
Research Institute and 
Kelly and 
Lackland 
AFBs. 
Twin Creek homes can be purchased by VA fin­ ancing which requires only a $1 total move-in cost and an annual inter­ est rate of only 8 per 

 cent. 
U, S. 
Home Corp. houses in Twin Creek, priced from as low as 
$32,95o have either three or four bedrooms, two baths and two-car gar­ ages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO per cent masonry exter­ iors as just one energy- saving feature. , 
Other U.S. Home house features which help save energy include full insu­ lation in walls, 6^-inch insulation in ceilings. 

 over-engineered air con­ ditioning and heat sys­ tems requiring minimal use and doors and windows which shut tightly. 
Homefnakers are over­ joyed with kitchens of these new U.S. Home houses. Work-saving fea­ tures include the an­ electric deluxe Magic 
Chef range and contin- ous-cleaning oven, built­ in dishwasher designed for double loads, plus plenty of cabinet space 

 planned for working con­ venience. 
Other fine features of 
U.S. Home houses are handcrafted fireplaces, patios, room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 
Twin Creek is most ea­ sily reached by driving north of NAV. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and turn­ ing west onto Grissom 
Road (FM 471), following 
. signs. ____ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISM AY 

LOFTY lim o n 
- T RAIIWOOD 

A Flew Lifestyle1 for Southwest I 
San Antonio 

"Cash price; $27,8oo. No down payment and no closing costs. V A mortgage $27,8oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of $255.oo for 3o years at 8% Annual 
Percentage Rate. 

Principal and Interest 
Taxes 
Insurance 
_______ 
T O T A L M O N T H L Y P A Y M E N T $255.oo 

$28,ooo to $35,ooo 
674-3575 

Clearance sale held for Windsor bargains 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page * 3-C 

^ 
I 
* 
$ 
' n 

.. v « 
. y f v - '. 
- 
, 
, 
<= 
„ '• 

Spring is the time for cleaning 

 house and, better yet, the time for buying a new home. This weekend Windsor Homes is staging an inventory clearance sale in Bristol Place. 

Imagine a new three - bedroom home for only $264 a month! It can be a rea­ lity in Bristol Place with a new Wind­ sor home. 
It ‘figures’ 
The low monthly payment foremen­ tioned can be figured as one based on a purchase price of $27,4oo with no down payment and 36o equal monthly pay­ ments at 8 per cent VA financing. 

In Bristol Place, new Windsor homes are priced from $27,4oo to $32,975, put­ ting the luxury of a new home within the reach of most budgets. 

Bristol Place is expressway conven­ ient to downtown and practically next door to Fort Sam Houston. The new 
Windsor Park Mall is close enough to be convenient but far enough to be out of any congested traffic. 
Windsor homes are built on sound ideas such as the quality, luxury and value that today’s homebuyers seek. 
In a Windsor home, quality sur­ rounds you. High grade materials, su­ perb craftsmanship and close attention to detail are evidence of the quality 

 construction. It is this quality con­ struction that will be appreciated as time goes on. 

Luxuries have been included because of their importance to the homebuyer. 
The finest carpeting; fireplaces; beamed and cathedral ceilings; sunken living areas; and huge master suites are just a few of the elegant extras you’ll find. Specially sized Fedders central air and heat systems provide highly efficient air systems. Excellent 
.Magic Chef appliances include range, hood, dishwasher and disposer. 
To see the new Windsor homes in 
Bristol Place, take N. E. III 35 north to 
Bittiman Road and follow the signs. 
W INDSO R HOMES holding in ven to ry clearance sale in Bristol Place, w ith new hom es as low as $ 2 7 ,4 o o 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED 
DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

VC 
I I K K C S P iii 

With new home costs continuously rising, you’ll appreciate Windsor Homes’ 

Spring Sweep Sale in Bristol Place! 

These new Windsor homes are priced within your budget...with payments as 

 low as $264* a month. PLU S all the plush luxuries you want i-n a new home... 

 high quality carpeting, central air and heat, modern kitchen with dishwasher, dis­ 

 poser, range and vent hood. Many have fireplaces, sunken living areas, garden 

 kitchens and cathedral ceilings. 

Today your best buy in a new home is a new Windsor home in Bristol Place! 

See these 9 new homes today. A furnished model is open from IO a.m. til dark daily. 

5223 Woodbrook 
PATIO 

DINING 

SLG 

GARAGE 

5215 Woodbrook 
$3o,675 

5219 Woodbrook 
29,925 

5223 Woodbrook 
29,o25 

5235 Woodbrook 
3o,675 

524^ ®odbrtfl€^V52>,o25 

59o6 Woodhill 
27,4oo 

59o7 Woodhill 
3o,675 

5254 Stoneshire 
27,4oo 

‘ Based on purchase price of 

$27,4oo, no down payment and 36o equal monthly pay­ 

 ments VA financing at 8% 

 annually. 

FEDDERS y MAGIC CHEF 

5239 Woodbrook 

• Practically next door to Ft. Sam Houston 
• Near Windsor Park Mall 
• Expressway minutes to downtown. 

‘B ris to l ‘Place 
661-6266 

 rn 

Shavano’ hides in ‘W oods’ 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 arden 
Ttidge 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 

From 

*55,ooo 

651-6237 

 lo d sh a w - M illar 
Development Co., Inc. 

Quality new homes in the Woods of Shavano will be featured this weekend by a leading builder much respected as a veteran among San 
Antonio's craftsmen. 
The northwestern 
Bexar County is an ex­ cellent setting for the homes shown by Smith’s 
Better - Built Homes, owned by the award - winning builder Je rry 
Smith. 
Reputation 

Smith has a fine repu­ tation for building cus­ tom quality in neighborhoods of presti- 

3 AND 4 BEDROOMS 

MARKETED EXCLUSIVELY 
By WALT CORNELIUS 

828-6343 

*33,65o to $36,ooo 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA & Conv. A v a ila b le 

NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS: 3 BLKS. FROM 
ELEMENTARY & CLOSE TO HOLMES 
HIGH & SUL ROSS JR 
HIGH— FEA­ 
TURING: 
• 2 Baths • Custom Cabinets • Central 
Heat & Air • Lots Of Closet Space • 
High On A Hill. 

O p e n IO A M Til Dark 
H.P. ORTS CONSTRUCTION 
Sales Off: 6oo3 W hite Cloud 
684-1386 

 gious locations. In fact. South Texas Medical all home the master Center, Veterans Admin- craftsman has built have istration Hospital and increased, if not more Methodist Hospital; large than doubled, in value employment centers like through the years. the IJSAA headquarters; 
The innovative, crea- popular shopping faci- tive homes by Smith’s lilies, including Wonder- 
Better - Built in the land 
Shopping 
City, 
Woods of Shavano are Colonies North Mall, certainly not exceptions North Star Mall and to the long - standing Central Park Mall; pre­ rule of increasing values, ferred Northside District 
Furthermore, the schools, with Locke Hill 
Woods of Shavano pro- Elementary School right vides the perfect neigh- across the street; and borhood for the Smith's many entertainment 
Better - Built homes. It sites. is one of pure prestige, 
As amenities for the rusticity and great con- exclusive enjoyment of venienee. the Woods of Shavano 
The Woods of Shavano residents, a swim club is situated in a choice and tennis courts are location once a major within the community portion of the historical .set in the colorful begin- 
Shavano Ranch. Much of nings of the scenic Hill the original charm of the Country, heavily wooded area has 
Woods of Shavano is been retained by the reached most easily by 
Woods of Shavano de- exiting from N. W. III IO velopers, Baker, Huges onto De Zavala Road, 
& Smith. proceeding east and not- 
The native oaks still ing the entranceway stand; that is, enough of sign, them to enhance the 
Other leading builders homesites for the hand- in Woods of Shavano are somely rugged exteriors Efraim Joffe, Builder, of the luxurious houses Aquarius Homes, Robert 
Smith’s Better 
Built L. Gragg, Builder and offers. 
Superb Homes by Jesse 
Despite all the serenity & Bruce Baker. so carefully preserved by the builders here. Woods of Shavano also is a lo- 
^ j 
' > - cation of astounding con­ venience because it is near so many major points of destination. 
Woods of Shavano is handily placed just east of N. W. III IO and off De 
Zavala Road. That puts it close to major medical facilities such as the 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
M im e T o w n e s 

W h y i& e itif 

W h e n y o u could be 
I * building th e b igg e st 
S a v in g s 
Account of y o u r life! 

For 
$ 3 6 2 * per m o. y o u c a n 

 o w n a 3 b e d ro o m T o w n h o m e . 

5 % d o w n , p riced from 

$ 
$ 3 8 , 7 o o 

2 P rivate G a r d e n P a tio s for e a c h h o m e 

C a th e d ra l C e ilin g s 

B a lc o n ie s 

F ire p la c e s w / s o m e M o d e ls 

S e lf C le a n in g O v e n s 

T rash C o m p a c to r s 

D ish w a sh e rs 

L o c a te d just m inu tes from 
C o lo n ie s N o rth S. C en ter, 
W o n d e r la n d , U T S A , U S A A , 

D a ta p o in t, a n d the M e d ic a l 
C e n te r 

"$289 Principal & Interest, $65 Taxes, 
$8 insurance, $362 total mo. pmt. 
(36o mo. pmts.) 

W oodstone 
Townhom es 

4946 Woodstone Drive 
69o-1 192 

JACKIE T R A W IC K 
M anager appointed to Southern 
Bill Southern, presi­ dent of Bill Southern & 
Associates, Realtors, has announced the appoint­ ment of Jackie Trawick as manager of the firm’s 
Northwest Office, 67o4 
Bandera Rd. 
Mrs. Trawick has six years of experience in residential real estate sales, specializing in northern San Antonio properties. 
Bill Southern & Asso­ ciates, Realtors, with a 
Central Office at 2115 
Lockhill - Selma Rd., was organized in mid - 1975 and, in less than two years, has grown to of­ fices employing 22 full - time agents. 
Mrs. Trawick invites all her friends and clients to call or stop by 67o4 
Bandera Rd. to visit her new offices. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 a t 

IV** 

'* v . . 
• .* 
JIT- 
■■ 
A ■ 

« 
1 

 jit* 

 j j j r 
« t l \k 
\ « T V ! *urn THIS TOUH BUMB 

 ggn 
B l D i m s A 
I M 
Grab a piece of the land that's yours, and settle down to 
I t I L * 
< 
T J ? | a brand of living that everyone dreams of... at Fair Oaks. 
I J J " 
I I I l f I l l I T 
5,ooo acres of rolling countryside, with running creeks, fop jSj if jjj Eh « I p 
Glassy meadows, wooded acreage, spectacular hilltop vistas 
. . . providing rustic hill country homesites of 1 to 15 acres for the person who wants to build now, or at a later time. 
Fair Oaks offers a brand of life that features the advantages of miles of riding trails, 8 tennis courts, a swim club and the exciting golf course designed by professional golfer Gary Player, of Kirby/Player Architects, now under con­ struction. Fair Oaks . . . a brand of living you've got to see to believe! 

IO 

Trailwood 

Loop 16o4 

LDietz Elkhorn Rd. r r 
Sales Office 

"'"Tarpon 
Exit 

FA IR OAKS 

Camp Stanley 

Leon Springs 

UTSA 

Near IH 1o, 15 miles north of Wonderland 
Choice hilltop sites 
Situated in 3 counties: 
Bexar, Kendall, Comal 
Central water system on most tracts 
Open daily for inspection 
Four new homes open for inspection 

G IV E US A B R E A K ON C H A N N E L 8 
K IA 382o R A N C H BA SE. 
Don Smith Company 

*598-244o • 698-2832 

Obtain from developer H U D Property Report and read before signing anything. H U D neither approves the merits of the offering, nor the value, if any, of the property. 

•W8ods 

14215 Parksite 

3 bedroom, 2-bath Furnished MODEL home with activity 

 room — Master suite boasts sitting area, private garden, and dressing area and a bundle of closet space. Living 

 area Has sloped ceiling and fireplace. Formal dining oreo 

 and breakfast nook ore off kitchen. Utility room and 

 storage/work area ore in 2-car goroge. Popular Con­ 

 temporary Design. 

WIO 
GAPTX* 

W o o d s 

^replace, game 

 dining oreo characterize 

 ilifornia design evokes, 

 idrooms separated by game 

 room; master suite and guest bedroom 

 downstairs ore separated by dual access 

 dressing area, bath and closet. 
Smith’s 
BETTER BUILT HOMES 

Choose the floor plan and lot of your choice. 
Take IH 1o N o rth to 

D e Z a v a la R o a d , then 

 g o right I mile. 

Superb Homes by Jesse & Brute Baker 

492-1o43 

Aquarius Homes by Paul Baldini 

344-1214 492-253o 
Robert I. Gragg Int. 
344-46o1 

 tfroim Joffe Builder 

Office 341-3339 
Mobile 228-91 18 

Res. 736-o232 

Styleliner Homes 

 by Carl f, Niemeyer 

342-32o5 

CSJ 
‘The,. wooDs of Shavano 

Open Tues, thru Sat. l l to 7 
Sun. I to 7 
PH. 492-1o76 Res. 492-1723 university Oaks ^ Woods of Shavano 

This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I’m Buddy Burns. And I ’d like to shed some lieht on your old home. If your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete. 
That's right, obsolete. Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-effi- eiency standards As a result, many San Antonians are faced with utility hills that may soon exceed their house payments! 

Why NOW Is The Time To Buy. 
Let's look at the facts. Since you invested in your home a few years ago, two things have hap­ pened For one, you've been making house payments for sev­ eral years, so your equity has grown. Too, since the cost of building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost of replac­ ing your home has increased. 
BUT, because your old home isn't energy efficient, it wastes valuable energy* And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes. Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost of heating and cooling exceeds the monthly payments. 
M y advice is this: With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you can probably make the dow n­ payment arni min e into a new 
Burns Co. Power Saver" home today. And, while your house payments may be a little higher, the lower utility hills should easily offset the difference The only thing you can’t afford to do is wait much longer. 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs And elegant master suites, with walk-in closets and separate dressing areas. Priced from $46,ooo to 
$6S,ooo. For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map!, or your realtor Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose. 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver' homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest. 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep-pile carpet, furniture-finished panel- 
MtoU’C * 

11 K H Radium, San Antonio, 
Texas 78216 

Power Saver II * Model Home at 
87o6 Timbcrwilde in The 
Great Northwest. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 e ib t * OII elidible for a of special iii 

 you buhl a salesperson 
May 19. 1975 you mas be broker s license with on Iv 9o hour? approved education. W e have i lasses for you providing 3o hour? only five (5) days, or two weekends. 
H ie opportunity of a lifetim e, but time 
'hort! Call for inform ation, catalog schedule. 

Am erican College rf:*:•t of Real Estate. Inc 
• 
' 
J?' 
' i ' ■ 
HQ f ASHM / SAN ANTONIO f f (A S T*?W > ($11.1 736 ?o75 ! 

Great America chooses top sites 

What makes the really great San Antonio homes 
Great America homes? 
Ifs quality built homes with exciting design fea­ tures that say personali­ ty- 
They are the homes that surpass excellence to combine the unexpect­ ed with true quality and elicit “ oohs and ahs” from prospective home buyers. 
Features include soar­ ing. vaulted ceilings that 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
There is only one. 

4oo1 North New Braunfels. A condominium com­ munity of very private, very secure penthouse, tower and townhome residences enclosed in an intimate yet colorful plaza in the heart of San Antonio. 
Our success reflects the success of the people who live here. Over 5o% of the tower residences are sold. 
There are still excellent tower residences available, with singularly spectacular views of the city. Those who buy now will live the private, unhurried lifestyle of a world surrounded by elaborate security and enhanced by the kind of services found only in the best luxury hotels and resorts. 
The opportunity to own one of these unparalleled residences will never again present itself. There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. For an appointment, please call 628-6o88. 

 r n 
Ira?# ' 

 r n 
4oo1 
NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

 r f 7 
‘ 
^ > ' 
.-*o 

M 

Tl 
STEP INTO OUR WORLD . 
DAW N OF A NEW ERA 

S O L A R C R A F T energy 
A borne with the new conserving >oIar water heating system. Now. every 
P 
C l 
J 
* 
Minshine hour, summer or winter, ibis new innovative 
> vs tem will save on fuel costs. Olmos Hom e Builders’ magnificent new home is a rare com bination of style ami beauty nestled among its own private forest in 
T H O U S A N D O A K S . And now, with the new all­ climate solar system for tapping the free and unlim it­ ed energy of the sun. the proud new owners of this home can look forward to years of fuel-saving costs at a time when energy prices are soaring. 

* 4 

BATH-2 

BE ORM *?3 

Olmos Home Builders: 

2nd FLOOR 

 eeo«M 4*2 

16711 Ledge Falls 

Price: $74,95o 

Sq. Ft. 2,319 

- BATH -I m a s t e r 
SUITE 

Iqs.. 

Homes arc open from 1o:oo a.m. until <lark. Prices begin at 
$5o,ooo. 
O ther builders: 
IM.A. 
Seholl 
Enterprises, 
Glint 
Weilbaeher, Great America Construction Co., Victor Gelder. 
Peter Sehinker, Carlton Church. 

■I f THOUSAND 
T v 
OAKS 

 sometimes extend beyond second - story living areas; balconies that overlook beautiful views outdoors and over­ hang spacious living ar­ eas indoors; and wood- burning fireplaces with highly creative and unu­ sual brick treatment. All cause excitement among visitors. 
Overhead skylights open up unexpected ar­ eas; multi - levels distin­ guish rooms without res­ tricting space; and glass panels and atriums add dramatic dimensions to living areas by bringing home and environment together as one. 
Every room is detailed with careful attention to quality, design, styling, practicality and energy efficiency. But all have a pizazz of their own. whether inside or out. 
Because every Great 
America home is de­ signed for its own home­ site, no two are alike. 
Custom finishing and de­ sign options let a Great 
America home reflect even more personality and lifestyle. 
You will find Great 
America homes in San 
Antonio’s finest com­ munities. In northwes­ tern San Antonio, visit 
Park Forest, off Lockhill 
- Selma Road north of 
Wurzbach Road, where homes range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hid­ den Creek features Great 
America homes from 
$o3,ooo to $115,ooo and is located off Vance Jack­ son Road north of N. W. 
Loop 41o. 
Also in northwestern 
San Antonio, Forest Oaks 
Estates offers Great 
America homes from 
$45,5oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the community by driv­ ing north on Evers Road off N. VV. Loop 41o. Great 
America’s newest com­ munity, Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill - .Sel­ ma Road north of Wurz­ bach Road and features new homes from $85,ooo. 
In northern San Anton­ io, new Great America homes are available in 
Thousand Oaks, off San 
Pedro Avenue, from 
$59,ooo to $75,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro 
Hills, with tree - covered lots overlooking downtown San Antonio, features Great America homes from $49,7oo to 
$6o,ooo. Visit the com­ munity off San Pedro. 

SiSPLAY- 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

TT-w -u ■!»■". rn. . 

Si 5. 
TWIN 

A ^ a B e B a a a a a a ^ a a ^ a s s ^ g a a 

Homes modern families are looking for today. 

PLAN 
FOR THE 
FUTURE 
I 
NOWS 

YOUNG FAMILY HOME 

3 bedrooms, 2 bath. Spacious living room with fireplace and beamed ceilings. 
Separate dining area features window boxes and spacious pantry. Master bedroom and large secondary bedroom will fit your growing family. $37,5oo. Available today! u s H o m e l mmmmmmammammmm■ h h h m h m m m t 
Listed on the New York Stock Exchange 

I 
OOTOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
V.A. 

CON. 
FIN. 
AVAILABLE 

 ii 

RLEnCO 

Energy Saving 

Solar Grey Glass 

Windows by Alonco. faeatilator 
AMERICA'S LLADING FIREPLACE SYSTEMS 

Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 9-9 

6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

Exit Loop 41o at Bandera Road. Proceed I mile north to Grissom Road (EM 4 7 1) and turn left. Go I mile to TW IN CREEK. 

Great bedroom, 
Agnes and Harry Owens! 

D on't be surprised if someone tells you how great your Great America home looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodbum- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is carerul attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. 
Just ask any of our home­ owners. 
S I GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonia 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

 v 
I 

San Antonio EXPRcSS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

C entury 21 representatives at the recent symposium on referrals and relocations are 
Patricia Silva , front; Beth Tate and Fran 
W h ite, second, from left; Elaine Ludwig and 
Frank Benton, third, same order; and Leo 
King and Jim M iller, rear, same order, Mrs. 
Silva is the recently appointed coordinator of the San Antonio District of Century 21 of 
Texas Inc. A Honolulu native, she holds a 
B.B.A . in personnel and industry relations from the University of Haw aii. 

CLA SSISM S D U M A Y 
C LA SSIFIID D IS PLA Y 

Do you enjoy tennis at home? 
Ifs easy at 3 9 o 3 
B arrington. We have 
3 Courts. 

Do you enjoy a quiet country lifestyle only minutes aw ay from the city? 

A t 3 9 o 3 B arring­ ton we have 22 acres o f Oak trees just off 
Northeast Loop 41o. 

Do you enjoy hand­ ball, volley-ball, swim­ ming pools, and Adult 
& Family Sections? 

Ifs at 39o3 B ar­ rington where man­ agement is interested in you— 
•/ 

Do you enjoy spacious apartments with frost- free refrigerators? 

Where else but 
39 o 3 Barrington. 

39o3 Barrington 
)San Antonio, Tex. 
653-53oo 

S I 
39o3 BS* 

Burns builds Power Saver 

W hile many San An­ tonio builders address themselves to the energy 
- efficient home now, in the face of spiraling uti­ lity costs, the Burns Co., four years ago, began designing homes to re­ duce energy waste within homes. 
Whereas many builders are adding extra' insulation and double glass windows, the Burns 
Co. set out to tackle the biggest energy - waster of all: air infiltration. 
Unnecessary 
Air infiltration is the unnecessary movement of air into or out of your home. While some air movement occurs in dai­ ly activities like entering or leaving through a door, the overwhelming percentage escapes, or 

C e n t u r y 2 1 r e a l t i e s 

 t r a v e l t o s y m p o s i u m 

Brokers, sales managers and relocation directors from the local realties of Century 21 
Real Estate Corp. re­ cently attended a work­ shop in Houston on re­ ferral and relocation ser­ vicing. 
The symposium and workshop were con­ cerned with the increas­ ing need to handle buyers who move from other states to San Antonio. 
Problems 
People who do move from out of state face more serious emotional problems than those moving with their com­ munity, and the sympo­ sium addressed this si­ tuation. It also addressed difficulties industry faces in “ selling” the trasferred individual on the move which is usual­ ly also a promotion. 
The symposium stressed that latest industrial surveys show that people are not so eager to move with a promotion as they were 
IO years ago and, as a result, the industry needs a third party to “ sell” their employes on the new city. 
Century 21 of Texas 
Inc. is concerned about those moving to San An­ tonio; therefore, brokers 
Frank Benton and Elaine 
Ludwig, representing their individually owned and operated Century 21 realties, along with Jim 
Miller and Leo King of 
Century 21 Manor Realty and Beth Tate and Fran 
White of Century 21 
Howard Tate Realtors, attended the workshop to better handle the needs of not only the transferee moving into San Antonio but also to work with those moving from San 
Antonio to another com­ munity. 
Century 21 of Texas 
Inc. is the company of 

CLASSIFIED D,.SPLAY 

COME OM 
OVER AND 
GET THINGS 
ROL UNG. 

The C rossing Apartm ents are the perfect adult and fam ily com m unity. Centrally locat­ ed to shopping centers and some o f the citys’ most exciting nite spots. Floor plans include 
I, 2, and 3 bedroom apartm ents, large pool, w oodburning fireplaces and good agem ent. man- 

«*»- 

3431 Oakdale 

L o c a t e d a t 4 I o a n d LH I o 

 a c r o n f r o m W o n d e r l a n d 
T 
349-2726 

 tomorrow solving prob­ lems and handling needs of San Antonio today. 
Century 21 moved nearly 
2oo,ooo families in 1976 and expects to do better than twice that in 1977. 
Century 21 is spending a lot of time to provide more and better service to all aspects of the real estate industry, and, as a 

 result, has grown to be­ come the nation’s largest real estate organization with nearly 4,ooo offices in 
North 
America. 
Brokers from Texas and 
Lousiana attended with representatives from 
Austin, Corpus Christi, 
Houston, San Antonio, 
Baton Rouge, and New 
Orleans. 

 enters, due to loose con­ struction techniques. 
Tests have proven that up to 41 per cent of cooling and heating costs can be attributed to the effects of air infiltration. 
As new air moves into your home, it must be recooled or reheated. 
Eventually, all the air in the room w ill be re­ placed. While one change of air per room each hour is reasonable and some older homes have a rate of four changes of air per hour, the average 
Burns Co. home changes air only once every two hours. 
This remarkable de­ crease in infiltration rate is brought about by the extra time and effort that goes into the construc­ tion of a Burns Co. 
“ Power Saver” home. 
Each step of construction includes energy - con­ serving techniques to seal out air infiltration. 
Extra insulation and double glass windows are standard, as are power ventilators. 
Although 9o per cent of the added energy - sav­ ing techniques are in­ visible in a completed home, the difference they make will be clearly visible on a monthly uti­ lity bill. 
From top to bottom and from inside out, every Burns home is built to meet strict en­ ergy efficiency stan­ 

 dards. While this is a major concern of the 
Burns Co., it never neg­ lects the styling or liva­ bility of a home. 
The “ Power Saver” homes collection features exciting options to suit any lifestyle. Handsome living areas, with deep - pile carpeting and furni­ ture - finished paneling, are planned around sun­ ken conversation pits or more traditional plans. 
All include woodburning fireplaces and built - in bookcases, with some models featuring a roll - out TV cabinet, comple­ tely antenna - wired, under the stair landing. 
Spacious master bed­ rooms include separate dressing areas and walk 
- in closets. Built - in alcoved beds with mat­ tresses, drawer space and toy storage are op­ tional in some upstairs children’s bedrooms. 
Extra features are found in the 
“ wife saver” kitchen areas, too. Many become family activity centers, some with updated versions of the breakfast nook popu­ lar in the 2os. The mo­ dern plan features built - in seating with shelved plant windows and niches for greeneiy. 
The Burns Co. invites all prospective home buyers in San Antonio to see the advantages of owning a “ Power Saver” home. Representatives 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 will be happy to show saving techniques invisi- interested persons homes hie in a completed home, under construction to Sales offices are daily, point out the power - except Wednesdays. 
‘ a'lilwiirowsptAY 
^ D lSSIFIID DISPLAY 

 s what Kiver Bend Country offers. Waterfront hillside or hilltop home sites-of generous size, modest cost. Prices start at 
$1,495.oo in this proud, restricted and established community on the shores of Lake Dunlap. Just outside of New Braunfels, only 25 minutes by auto from San Antonio. 

Year round fishing: boat docks, fishing pier 
• Clubhouse and Olympic-size pool 
• City-type utilities, paved streets 
• Owner financing available 

Directions: Take 1-35 to New 
Braunfels, turn right at Lake 
McQueeney exit (PM 725), follow signs. 
River Bend Realty 

1 -6 2 5 - 9 4 1 7 
CH rn ai top 

 suflRmueR 

2554 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

/o> 

_ 
Im?-"/ I V 
• 
Sundance 
461$ GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING * * 

TUCKED AWAT 
AMONG THE TREES 
T H ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
AOULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 

E L M A O R I S 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• Complete 
All electric kitchens 

• W asher-D ryer 
Connections 
• Ail Bills Paid 

6 9 6 *2 8 4 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

The 

T in m a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

732-9411 

COUNTRY CLUB— 
APARTMENTS 

An ideal location 
Next to Turtle Creek 
G o lf Course 
696-7o48 
8 6 3 o Fairhaven D rive 

Park botone 
A p a r tm e n t C o m m u n it y 
T V MONITORED SECURITY—GARDEN PATIOS 
UIYURIQUVCIUB ROOM - r,VM st SAUNA' 
1-2-3 BDR. 
I & 2 BATH J 
$ 185-5275 (Furn. Add.) UTILITIES PD. 
2o11 BANDERA RO. 
434-4191 j 
Between Hillcrest A Callaghan 
A Aob Ross Apartm ent Com m unity 

H I 
SOUTHSIDE w 
The Aristocrat Apts. 
Modern I Rd Apts 
$165 Unfurnished - Furnished Avail. 
Cvf • • It.* '•» 
„ 
Art **. 
.* UH Aile..* 

555 Hutchins 
927-4141 
AM A C M an a g e d P r o p e r t y 

O EI MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
N acog d o ch es 

 o 

I -bedroom 
Apts now t*T« f t » « : o e E Ie available furnished or 
$ n o r t h Unfurnished 
APARTMENTS 6 miles north of loop 41o 
• 
. . . , on Babcock, turn left ot 

C o u n try L iv in g in springtime 

 th e C ity 
. . . . . 
6542 Spring Branch 
69o-146o 

4H|Wakefiefd-$tardust 
^ £7 
Apartments 
I, 2, 3 Bedroom Apts. 
$ 1 8o-S35o 
Across Rector from N. Star Matt 
85o6 W akefield 
Separate Family & Adult Sections 
344-4558 
M rttAec. M o t t& ytfO 
It Ty n , 
... 

O NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

I 
© LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ TENNIS WORLD” 
• « * C O U l T B M l H I A l TM A N O t X i l C I S t C IU * 
« ADULT A N O T A W U ir S lC T tO N S 
• iU R N IS H O A X D U N f U t N IS H IO A P A R T M t N t S ummts P A ID 
NOR THI AST SCHOOLS BUS StRVICt 
• N O R T H STAR A N D C E N T R A ! P A S K M A H A R IA 
’ 15 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

© 

ONE 
' 
BEDROOM 

From 

* 1 8 ? 

!|ft W ATER w 
SCAPED 
APARTMENTS 

 the 
Pier 

6 5 6 -o 1 8 8 
UR Style by 
oUFENVESTQKS 

APARTMENTS. 

9525 LORENE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

NOB 
HIU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IN IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

© The Heritage 

A partm ents 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $215 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

® 
SARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
. iSNVf NNN* mr A**r»N ANC (J »:».•»•( I PA,'n 
8o51 Broadway 
2 New Tennis Cts.! 
824-oo61 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 
© The 
BR ITT. Y 

711o Wurzbach at Babcock 
Next door to Medical Center m Style by ir to medical venrer i , r n , r ____ 
696-3851 
J j B l LIFF INVESTORS 

1946 N.E. Loop 41o 

(Harry Wurzbach Exit) 

826 2355 

© 
^Forest Oaks 
Apartments 

2 Bedroom Apts. 
From $226-*263 
6313 Evers 
684-4755 

 o 

NORTHEAST 

Q le r y T e n n q c e p p a n t m e n t s 
WI 
• J*. I B e d r o o m 
* f u r n . A U n fu riiih e d 

I 
• O n e B e d roo m La rg e r 
• P o o l A Lau n d ry 

* Tw o B e d ro o m s 
* S in g le L e v e l, P riv a te P a tio 
6 5 6 -2 1 16 t 
71o6 Glen Terrace (Clos# to Randolph Area]__ 

FOR QUICK 

RESULTS AND 
EXTRA VALUE 
CALL 225-74! I 

L 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COM M U 
NHY WITH A POOL IN CACH COURT- 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LO O P 4 )o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONES MMTSBERGER 
3 4 1 -3 1 2 6 

 y ^ p o iin iiiT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIV IN G 
451 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 
©& 2 Bd. Apts. 
From $17o 

All Bills Paid 

69o-ooo1 
1o7o7 IH lO W e st 
© 

NORTHEAST AREA 
Herrin t?laza 
I & 2 BDR. A TOWNHOUSES 
Garden apts, with clean well kept spacious grounds, patios, balconies, pool, walk to shopping, features plus. 
Perrin-Beirut Ka. 
o55-/122 

FOR QUICK 

RESULTS AND 
EXTRA VALUE 

CALL 225-74! I 

K H * o 1 U f A P A R T M E N T C O M M U N I T Y 
ALL AMENITIES • ON BUS LINE e ONE 
BLOCK FROM ST. MARY'S • ONE BLOCK 
FROM SHOPPING • FURN. ADD. 
1, 2 & 3 BDR. 
$18o to $245 
UTILITIES PAID 

S J O I W 
W O O W i W N 
4 3 4 9 4 9 4 
A Bob Ross Apartment Community rn 
Pork 
V illage: 
Apart men Is 

• WINDSOR PARK MALL 
• NORTHEAST SCHOOLS ; 
• FURNISHED OR 
UNFURNISHED 
PAID UTILITIES 
PRIVATE PATIOS 
POOLS A PARTY ROOM, 
483o Ray Bon Drive 
. 653-73oo 
I 

©FRENCH CHALET 

165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 

C O M M U N IT Y 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

( ^ 1 
W e s t c h e s t e r 
Apartments 

 elf., 1 ,2 ,3 Bd. from $16o 

I hum iiii nl to t o r t Sum anti K.nuinlph 

111J Austin Hwy. 
828-44o5 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y 

T er r a ‘ 

A lta 

 f URN H UNIURN ; 
Ut Al IGR {(LUPUS 

ANL) STUDENTS ! 

4 11 EVEREST 
828-533o 
© 
SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

BIANCO AT JACKSON KEILER 
7543 SOUTH SIA LANE 
341-6251 
©Country Village 
Apartments 
I block off Broadway at 41o 
1, 2, 3 bedrooms from 816o 
84-16 Country Village 
828-5721 

A M A C M a n a g e d P r o p e r t y ^ 

 r i 

‘-rn y**' 
Iv 
I. i 
- 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

Below are just some of the homes your neighborhood CENTURY 21 agent can show you. But if your dream home isn t here, don t be discouraged. Because we have a personalized service to help you find, a special house and make it your own. We re the largest real estate network in North America, so we have an incredible selection. A nd chances are. w e’ve got one th a ts just right for you. O u r exclusive 
N IP Referral Service can find a home for you in just about any neighborhood in the 
U.S. or Canada. So if you're ready to b u y . . . or just out looking, call us first. 
We're here for you. 

CENTURY 21 NE 
MONEYSAVfRS REALTY 
12122 El Sendero 
656*242o Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NE 
BOB RODGERS, REALTY 
81o7 Broad way 
828-57o4 

CENTURY 21 N.E. 
MANOR REALTY 
1924 Rat Booker Rd. 
Universal City 
658-4733 

CENTURY 21 NE 
DelANEY REALTY 
2433 AUSTIN HWY. 
653-o55o 

CENTURY 21 NE 
STEVENS/ROHDE 
8151 BROADWAY 
828-5544 Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NE 
Bill PARKINS REALTY 
4o35 Naco-Perrin suite 1o4 
653-8131 

CENTURY 21 NE 
JAMES GLASCOCK I Assot. 
6126 Montgomery Rd. 
656-7717 

CENTURY 21 NE 
TRICO REALTORS 
1146 Holm 
349-649? 

CENTURY 21 NE 
WAYNE FOGUS REALTY 
5547 Randolph Blvd. 
654-6555 

CENTURY 21 N I 
HAP RESER, REALTORS 
1o6o8 PERRIN BEITH 
653-6182 Anytime 

THIS IS SIG LEAGUE 
The nome of the game is LIVING and the season for it has started. 
Play it here in this exceptionally nice 4 bedroom, 2 V? both home with formal rooms, large family room with fireplace and wether, custom drapes, carpeting throughout, professional landscaping, 18x36 pool. $58,5oo. 
Niles 655 6593 
THE HIT PARADE 
This one if 
Number One ’ and we re singing because its so 
? 

 recti Immaculate 3 bedroom, 2 nth home with formal room pius family room with fireplace, beautifully landscaped yard and covered patio. Rites 655-5693. 

NEAT AND NITTY 
Immaculate 
3 bedroom home with living and dining room plus family room, covered patio, privacy fenced, ond priced at only 
$21,75o. Nites 654-6751. 

OON'T KEEP PAYING RENT 
Break the hobit with this 3 bedroom super starter Features living and dining room, carpeting throughout, covered patio, storage shed. 522,95o. Nites 826- 
7293. 

JIM M Y CARTER SPECIAL 
Owner is selling for Peanuts". 3 bedroom, nicely carpeted home in Fountain Pork. Only SI 5,5oo. 
Niles 655-5429 

BUY OF THE WEEK 
Don t miss this one 
Equity of 
$37oo ond payments of $145 ot 
7% makes this $2o,5oo home, our buy of the week. This 3 bedroom townhouse on a corner lot is really a goodie. Call us of 
828-57o4 for more details 
VALENCIA 
This one is fantastic with 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, den, fomily room, breakfast areo, fireplace 
Pool and clubhouse privileges. 
Large ond roomy 7 5 % brick ond cedar. You must see it. $43,75o. 
Call 828157o4 

SEAMED CEILINGS in the don, dining room ond kit­ chen. You'll love this 3 bedroom, 
2 bath home. On corner lot with 
% of the garage converted to of­ fice and storage. Can be assumed or refinanced, 531,5oo. Call 828- 
57o4. 

LOW EQUITY 
5151 payments of 7% . The owner wonts 52o,25o, equity is about 
$4ooo. All oppl. stay with this neat 3 bedroom jewel. Call us and we ll give you more info. 828- 
57o4 

OW N YOUR OW N SHINING SPOT in a ploce colled Camelot. This lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home con ae yours for o happily ever ofter. 
All appl, built-in book cases, fomily room, carpeting and paneling. All this and more for 
$33,95o Coll 828 57o4 

DON'T DREAM BUY ONE!!! 
Picturesque 3 bedroom. 2 both in 
Windcrest. 
Split bedroom pion with family room ond breakfast area. Quality carpeting, custom dropes thruout. 
Beautifully landscaped yard with time saving sprinkler system. 
Quiet, tree studded cul-de sac Price reduced to $54,9oo Phone 658 4733. 

A SIGHT TO BE SOLD 
Charming 3 bedroom, 2 bath neor 
Randolph, ultra modern time sav­ ing kitchen with range, refrig­ erator ond dishwasher. 
Cool, breezy patio with privacy fence 
Walking distance to geode school. 
Priced at 529.5oo. Call 658 4733 

PRIZE PACKAGE!!! 
Great family home, moderately priced 4 bedroom, 2 both, located in Kirby, convenient to Ft. Sam ond Windsor Park 
Modern kit­ chen with range, refrigerator and disposal. Priced for fost sale at 
524,6oo. 
Immediate occupancy. 
Coll 658-4733. 

LUXURY CAN BECOME!!! a habit with this luxury, custom built 3 bedroom, 2 % both home. 
Convenient to Woodlake and Ran­ dolph. Formal living and dining room with Texas sized fomily room, carpeting thruout, custom dropes. Ultra modern, time saving kitchen with frosh compactor, self deaning oven. Priced 553,9oo. 
Phone 658-4733 Today. 

LOW EQUITY 

3 bedrooms, convenient to 

Northeast Schools Cheaper than 

 rent for under 53,ooo equity. 

Payments of 5185 
Nites 655- 
6655. 

W HAT A HOME-W HAT A BUY 

All brick 4 bedroom. 2 both home, 

 double garage. 
Like new for 

 under SS,OOO equity. Nites 333- 

o9oo 

SUBURBAN 

A superb executive home on 19 

 wooded ocres in Pleasanton. 3-2- 

2 with o 17x17 master suite and 

 more. Call now for an appt. Even­ 

 ings 655-2o9o. 

MONTE VISTA 

This home has aged to perfection. 

Special features include 9 ft. 

 ceilings, solarium, greenhouse, 

 ond much more 595,ooo. Nites 
655-3675. 

TERRELL HILLS 

4-2-2 in a beoutiful Northeast 

 setting. Completely redecorated 

 inside and out. Knotty pine farm 

 ly room with fireplace Corner lot 

 and much more! Evenings 653 

315o. 

CENTURY 21 NE 
WAKEFIELD, REALTORS 
16252 SAN PEDRO 
494-5571 

CENTURY 21 NW 
Roy Tool, REALTORS 
6651 Son Pedro 
341-2222 

CENTURY 21 NW 
DOUGLAS, REALTORS 
434-3185 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAD-HOUDAY 
REALTOR 
7217 BANDERA RD. 
681-o3oo, Anytime 

SW IM A N Y O N E ??? 

Just in time to enjoy your Gary 

 pool plus 3 bedrooms, and 2 

 baths on a nice comer lot for only 

$3o,5oo. When con I show it to 

 you? 

ROSES ROSES ROSES 

3 bedrooms, plenty of room for 

 his boat, nice yard for children. 
Mother can watch them from her 

 kitchen window. 
For only 

SIA,9oo. 

SUMMER LADY 

Garden patio home, 
3 forge 

 bedrooms, fireplace, and all elec­ 

 tric kitchen with over 16oo sq. ft. 

SUMMERHILL 

Spacious one living oreo with 

 fireplace, vaulted ceilings, all 

 electric kitchen, over 18oo sq. ft. nearing completion 
— 
Hurry, 

 choose your own colors. 

CONVENIENT TO KELLY 

First home buyer, you must see 

 this dean dollhouse. 2 bedrooms, 

 with forge kitchen. 
Under 

SI 5,ooo. 

CAREER 

 lf interested in o career in Real 

Estate, please contact us at 828- 

5544 

REMODELED 
3-2, over 2,ooo sq ft. of living oreo, builf-in kitchen with oil ap­ pliances, large living room with fireplace, 
24x2o family room, 
12x12 solarium, house com­ pletely redecorated Must see this unique home! 6SS-S226 

REDUCED 54,6oo 
4-?'/:-2 custom-built 2-story, all brick with 2,348 sq. ft. of living area. large living room, formal dining, ond large fomily room with fireplace 
Corpeteid ond custom-draped thruout. Situated on large tree-studded lot. 657- 
1475. 
KEltY-lACKLAN D AREA 
4-2-2, garden kitchen with all op­ tionees, new carpet thruout, in­ tenor completely redecorated. 
Rain gutters, mint condition. 
Open terms. 673-1o16. 

NACOGDOCHES AREA 
3-2-2, built-in kitchen with oil appliances, huge rock fireplace in extra large fomily room. 2 patios. 
Assume 7 % % VA loon with pay­ ments under $3oo 826-5327. 
52,875 EQUITY 
3-1, near Randolph on large cor­ ner lot, double gate entry into backyard. Large living room with fireplace. 25xlS covered patio. 
Turbo vents, above-ground 25x4 ft. swimming pool. Super bargain. 
655-5226. 
WE HAVE MANY MORE HOUSES - 
Some con be bought VA-FHA, os well os assume. 

ENJOY COMFORTABLE LIVING in this home and en(oy the romance of the double fireplace, the handy mon can delight wrth the work bench in the goroge, and the little lady will be in heaven with the lovely kitchen that has double ovens, large utili­ ty room beg enough for sewing room. Drapes ond water softner remains in this lovely 3-2-2 home with central air and hem. 

MOVE IN NOW! 
Coll us lo see this lovely 3-2-2 home neor schools and fine shop 
□ 

 areas. Good neighborhood. t y the lovely patio for your outdoor pleasure. Drapes and ap­ pliances stay. 

OUTDOOR LIVING 
Take advantage of the out of doors under the covered patio and landscaped backyard. This 3- 
2-2 home comes complete with electric garage opener, refrig­ erator, range, dishwasher and gorboge disposal. 

LOCATION IS A ll IMPORTANT and this lovely 3-2-2 has it. Close to NE Schools and shopping areas, great ftoorplan ond covered patio, perfecto!^ maintained house and yard, that you con start enjoying the day you move in. Already ap praised at 532,ooo by the VA 

CUSTOMIZED AND OVER SIZED 
2-story beauty on over-sized lot 
Six large bed rooms, 3 beths, features formal living and dining rooms, den with fireplace Coll for many extras. Only $65,9oo Niles 
653-o982. 

NEAR TENNIS COURTS & POOL 
Large 4 bedroom home on a cor­ ner lot Open and airy living oreo with formol living ond dining rooms, adjoining family room with stone fireplace Two covered patios with lattice work $45. SOO 
Nites 653-6116. 

PERFECT RETIREMENT HOME 
Newly redecorated in established area with large trees. Fresh point ond new carpet. Three bedrooms, 
1 % baths. New loon 
529,5oo. 
Call now Nites 342-81 IO. 

PAMPERED BY PARTICULAR 

PEOPLE 
Cut fresh asparagus from the garden. 
Mom will enjoy the garden kitchen as she watches the children play in the sandbox 
X fro brae living room with fireplace. Reasonable equity ond ossume S315 monthly. Nites 658 
54oo 

FOR RENT 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, completely carpeted, all appliances 
Northeast Schools. S27S mo. Nites 
342-811o. 

IMMACULATE 2-STORY 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, double garage with 3ox14 covered patio, wee area, near shopping, schools and 
Loop 41o. 

VILLAGE NORTH RENTAL 
3 bedroom, 
2 bath, double garage, super den with fireplace 
Rents for $275. 

RENTAL PARK NORTH 
4 bedroom, 
2 bath, double garage, nice area. Rents for 528S. 

COLONIAL 4 BEDROOM 
Fireplace in Hie kvmg room, con­ venient 
Windsor 
Pork and schools Decorative burgbr bors, dishwasher disposal alb drapes. 
Tap value for only S26.ooo. 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
3 bedroom, I bath, tow equity ond ossume payments to SI 63. 

HORSES? 
Plenty of roorn on this 13 acres, 
2Vt ocres fenced, bam 2ox2o, on 
Schafer Rd NE of Randolph AFB. 

Bf A M AGICIAN 
Transfer yow rent money into a good investment. Buy Hits lovely 
4 bed room, 2 bath home in 
Camelot Low equity and ne city taxes. $39,5oo. 

GONE BY M O N D A Y 
« our prediction on this roomy 4 bedroom home rn Highland Hills 
2 full baths, hts of carpet, central 
®r-heot, and trees. 
Priced at 
526,8oo. 

LUXURY ON A SNOE STRING 
That's what this adorable 
J bedroom home wtN give you. low maintenance Just enjoy rtf! Fully carpeted, oft kitchen appliances, and tow equity $18,9oo. 

ARE YOU A HOLD-OUT?? for those ammemties you've dreamed of? Brick, privacy fen­ ced, ond budt-in stereo? Then cal today This 3 bedroom. 2 both beauty with covered potio wtN please the fussiest buyer 
$32,ooo. 

ASK AN Y PERSON who drives to work the im­ portance rf conv entente to mi expressway 
This lovely buy s only 2 minutes from IH35!f 3 bedrooms, kitchen with breakfast area, ond covered patio off living room 
You ll love HH 52o,9oo 
Very Flexible Terms. Vacant. 

CENTURY 21 NW 
SCHNEIDER REALTY 
6233 Evers Suite A 
684-72oo 

CENTURY 21 NW 
FRANK BENTON 
REALTORS 
21 DI WEST AVE. 
734-6631 

CENTURY 21 NW 
HOWARD TATE 
1o3 BILTMORE DR. 
341-9166, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
ELAINE LUDWIG ft ASSOC 
87o3 WURZBACH 
691-13oo 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAD-HOIUDAY 
REALTORS 
5838 JOINER 
6B4-3711 Anytime 

CENTURY 21 NW 
WHITEHEAD-HOUDAY 
11785 WIST AVL 
341-7115, Anytime 

2243 SHADOW CUFF 

ASSUME 
San Pedro Hills, 1oo% Rock, 3 bedroom, 2V? both, 2 cm goroge, cedar shake roof, covered potio, large single living area with rock fireplace, built in kitchen with bor lr ust see to appreciate 

231 PALO GRANDE 

2 ACRES IN CITY 
% stone 4 bedroom. 3 bath, living dining combination, family room with fireplace, central heat ond air Covered potio ond knotty pine paneling thruout. 

IN BOERNE 

3.6 ACRES 
Brick 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 car aorage, living and dining room, fomify room with fireplace, cen­ tral heat and ar, horse pens and sheds, 
1ox2o storage building with 22o wiring. Beautiful view. 
(all Today 

4 2 1 S M O D A N A 

PRICE REDUCED 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, central heat ond air, covered polio, large built-in kitchen with lots of storage, fomily room Eosy Terms. 

3o683 LEOPARD 
OUT OF CITY 
% stone, 3 bedroom. 2 bath, 2 cor garage, fomily room with wood-burning stove, all drapes, central heat and air $47, SOO 

494-5571 
NITES 656-4189 

THOUSAND OAKS 
S bedroom, 2-story home with approx. 34oo sq. ft Heated pool 
(Gory), landscaped with over 2oo rose bushes. Vacant. Reduced to 
SI 12,ooo 

CRESTHAVEN 
Owner transferred and must sell this 3 bedroom, l'/j bath home. 3 large pecan trees, storage shed, great location. $22,5oo. 

GREAT FAMILY HOME 
Lovely, well-kept 4 bedroom, 2 beth nome. Central heat and air, beautiful den, large patio, double goroge 
Lovely neighborhood near 
Wonderland. 
Muse see. 
$38,5oo. 

551 GENERAL KRUEGER 
2 bedroom curie with bonus I VS- story brick studio. 
Hew shag carpet. Assume thts one! Reduced to $18,75o 

HOME SWEET HOME 
Immaculate 3 bedroom, I bath home in Los Angeles Heights. 
Beoutiful big lot. One-car detach­ ed garage wrih room for w o rk s W Will not last long. 
$19,95o. 

M AKE OFFER 
5 nedroom home in Jefferson area. Central heat & air. New roof and built-in kitchen. Low 2o s. 

4-UNIT furnished. $38,9oo. 6o5 Kendall. 
A great buy investment Veterans and you con use your VA! 

HOME & INCOME 
For the handyman-corner lot zoned H COMMER-CIAl with large home tho! needs reports. Heavy traffic. OFFERS ACCEPTED 

JEFFERSON 
Grace sets the pace in this 3- bedroom AU BRICK home sur­ rounded by forge trees on quiet corner lot. Price right ot 527,5oo! 

HOW SWEET IT IS 
Are you looking for a 4-bedroom 
2-bofh with o quiet atmosphere yet dose enough to town? This one is lovely, vacant and only 
$3o,5oo. 

WE HAVE A WINNER 
The unqiue built-in kitchen will steal o woman s heort along with the extras for Cod. 4 bedrooms 2 baths. 533,ooo. 

LOW EQUITY 
3 bedroom, I bath neor bases. 
Nice, large, shady yard. 
LOW 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS. S16,Soo. 

FOR THE INVESTOR 
Established restaurant in choice corner location on heavily travel­ ed street. Newly painted ond in­ cludes modern equipment and furniture for operation. 
Good parking facilities flexible finan­ cing. DON I MISS THIS CHANCE. 

UVE AND UT UVE 
Occupy on: side of this cute 
Spanish stucco duplex and let the tenants help with payments. 
Good condition, excellent location. See it today! 

FOREST OAKS 

4-2-2 brick home, family room 

 with fireplace, 
Iving-dining, 

 divide Hoar plan, dean ond pret­ 

 ty. Don t miss! 

LEON VALLEY 

3-2-2, central heat air, huge 

 trees, beomed citing, lovely 

 home, mid 3o s. 

OW NER ANXIOUS 

Hobby-Marshall area. 3-2-2 plus 

 close to elementary school. Huge 

 free in backyard. All electric kit­ 

 chen including refrigerator. Price 

 right. 

NEFF AND MARSHALL 

4-2-2, carpeted beauty, all elec 

 trie kitchen, washer, dryer and 

 refrigerator, only 2 V? years old. 

 low 3o s. 

BRAUN STATION 

3-2-2 with fireplace, in beomed 

 living area, pretty trees, good 

 living. Tennis ond swimming club. 

CANTERFIELD 

Lovely 3-2-2 corner lot, oh rack, 

 immaculate, great onto, mid 3o s. 

SOUNDS FISHY 
Because it s a whole of a buy 3 bedrooms, with sunken fomily room ond fireplace located in a very desirable Northwest location 
Selling for $32,ooo and only 
$1,45o down or no down VA. 

LET S GO SW IM M IN G 
Off Blanco. En|ov the fantastic backyard and pool wrih waterfall. 
Custom-built home with many built-ins ond large family room with fireplace Coll now. 

TRIPPY TRI-LEVEL located in beautiful 
Seneca 
Estates on large lot. 3 bedrooms plus hobby room or office Very unique floor pion. Coll now. 

FOR THE PARTICULAR BUYER 
Who is looking for something special. Large 4 bedroom, 2-story on comer lot. Firepfaced fomily room and many built-ins. Mid 
SOS. 

KEUY-LACKLAND 
3 bedroom, oil carpeted, beomed ceiling ond beoutiful shode trees. 
Only 52o,ooo. No down on VA. 

Also have 3-2-2 rn Lackolnd Ter­ race. Covered patio, and only 
$25,35o 

O P E N H O U S E S 
S U N D A Y I - 6 P M 
S13 ERNA 
735 DAN A DR 
QUAIL RIDGE in Converse. Priced in low to mid 
3o s. 
These 
Friesenhohn built homes have 3 bed rooms, 2 baths, mony extras. 
Come ond see 
HANDY M A N S SPECIAl 
This unusual 
3 bedrooms, masonry home bos 2 kitchens ond could be easily be converted to ouplex. On large lot. $15,ooo 
READY TO MOVE INTO 
Well designed 3 bed room, 2 decorated baths, formol living, dining, plus family room witfi fire-place, all in lovely wall to wall carpeting. $45,9oo. 
525oo CASH ond move into this immaculate 3 bedroom home, avocado range and dishwasher in range and kit­ chen. 
Covered patio, fenced backyard. 
Central heat-air, ossume pay-ments 
CONTEMPORARY 2 STORY wrih a touch of Spanish 
Ex- citmgfy different with terrific fomily room with sooting ceilings 
Private sun deck off master suite. 
Located in 
Northeast 
School 
District. $64,9oo. 
CONVENIENT TO KELLY 
Neat and clean 3 bed-room home including conge, ishwosber, large pantry. Covered potio, fen­ ced yard with fruit trees. 
$22,5oo. 
____________ 

CASTIE HILLS 
Exquisite desnibes this 
3- beoroom home 
Completely carpeted 8 draped, formol living, separate dining, large den has fire-place, covered patio over­ looks beautifully landscaped yard. Coil Gita Lucas. 

COLONIAL HULS 

Contemporary 4 spacious bed­ rooms, separate dining, huge den with fireplace, enormous play­ room plus library. All you've ever wanted. Coll Beth Tote. 

BEST BUY 
Minutes from 
Medical Center. 
Sunken livng oreo with rock fireplace. Beautiful electric kit­ chen, 
3 bedrooms, master separate All brick Under $4o,ooo just a few left of this price. 

LOVELY 4 BEDROOM 
Hope living, separate dining, den with beoutiful fireplace & game room complete with bar All this plus a pork in your bock yard. 
Neor Medical complex. Call Ruth 
Tories. 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Custom designed and built stun­ ning 3-bedroom, enormous living oreo, study, fireplace, separate dining, plus 2 playrooms. Too fl love this unusual family oriented home. Coll Beth Tate. 

SENECA 
CONTEMPORARY. 4 bed rooms. 2 baths, courtyard with fountain, firepicted fomily room plus kving-dining. $54,9oo. 

G U N OAKS 
Neor Med. Center 3-2-1, central heat ond air, electric kitchen, 
High, pretty lot. $28,5oo. 

HIGHW AY 218 NORTH 
Over 
17 Acres with 
12oo ft. highway frontage All brick home with angle kvmg area, has com­ pete electric kitchen including micro wave oven ond frosh com­ pactor Beoutiful! $137,5oo. 

 lO W EQUITY! 
Approx. 
$3,5oo assumes the 
8 '/ ?% VA loon of $274 mo on this charming ond different 3-2-1 wrih central heat-oir. 
Fufly carpeted, fully equipped kitchen, 
NE Schools $32,5oo. 

COLONIAL 
Spacious 3-2-2 on lovely oak covered lot lorge workshop, gos 
BSQ, built-in sewing center. NE 
Schools. 544,9oo 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
CONTEMPORARY' Rock ond Cedor 
3 bedroom on gorgeous oak covered lot Fomily room hos rack wok wrih fireplace. $51,9oo 

NO OTY TAXIS 
Yet dose to everything, yet on 
Bandera Rd., full carpeted 3-2-2. large fomily room, lots light ond super clean. Mid 3o s. 

LEON VAU EY 
4 year old, carpeted and loaded with extras, new point, 3-2-2 with den Assume low payment loan. Mid 3o s. 

NORTHWOOD ESTATES 
Fantastic landscaping odds to the beauty of this custom built fine home. Fully loaded, 3-2-2, formal kvmg and dining, big cozy den. 
1o5x14o lot. Pneed for quick sell at $98,5oo. 

BIG 2 STORY 
Excellent location, near Wifford 
Hall, 4-2%-2, fireplaces, den, ond separate living ond dining. 
$48,5oo 

FOREST OAKS 
Big tree shaded void surrounds this 4-2-2. large family room, all brick Neor Medical Center. Mid 
4o s. 

COUNTRY HOME 
We have excellent selection (rf new listing wrih I acre and up AH with homes from SI 7,5oo to 
SI6S.ooo. Coli today for list 

SHADY OAKS lf you've waited for an ceptionni value this is it4 Call us right now to inspect this unusual property. 3-2-2 with 16x32 ft pool 3 stall horse barn, storage buildings, even has room for a twins court Off Son Pe dro n o s 
Thousand Oaks. Only 581,5oo. 

W INDSOR M A U AREA 
We have 2 choice properties. 3-2- 
2, fireplace, mony luxury features. Priced in upper 3o's. 

BREEZE WOOO 
Nice 4-2-2 with den, pork Bkt yard, dose to shopping, walking distance to all schools, no more cor pools. Pm * reasonable at 
$35,5oo. Open terms. 

CAREFREE LIVING 
Convenient location, excellent ?- 
2 Condo oath fireplace, oil ap­ pliances, use of (enow courts, heated pool, and fishing lake. 
Payments less than rent ond in­ cludes oil fees and utilities Total 
529,9oo. Assume Conventional 

DEUV1IW DO U 
Sparkling dean 
2 bed-room home 
Excellent condition. 
Perfect b r a young couple, privacy, convenient ana pride of ownership can be yours tor only 
$21,9oo. 

CENTURY 21 NW 
CUDDY-GIASSCOCK, INC- 
13337 San Pedro 
494-1951 

CENTURY 21 SE 
WAKEFIELD, REALTORS 
2823 E. SOUTHCROSS 
532-3252 

CENTURY 21 SE 
SOUTH EAST REALTORS 
2355-A Goliad Rd. 
333-4144 

CENTURY 21 SW 
R. R. RANSOM REALTY 
74o5 HWY. 9oW 
673-77o1 

CENTURY 21 SW 
KELLY-LACKLAND, 
REALTORS 
333 VALLEY HI DR. 
674-1211,674-1262 

CENTURY 21 SW 
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE 
7o47 MILITARY DRIVE 
WEST 
674-4411 Anytime 

CENTURY 21 SW 
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE 
5o34 S.W. MILITARY 
674-7717, Anytime 

CENTURY 21 
NORRIS REALTY 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
651-6844 

JUST LISTED 
Absolutely immaculate 
3-2-2, large backyard, mid 3o s easy assumption. Open terms. Don t miss! 494-1951 Anytime. 

NORTHERN HILLS BEAUTY 
Pride of Ownership is reflected throughout this Better than New 
3-bedroom, 2-bath home with formal and informal living oreos, finished goroge 
Exceptional screened ond covered patio. 
Privacy fenced large yard. On a cul-de-sac Mid 3o s, Open terms. 
See this one! 494-19S1 Anytime. 

IT HAS EVERYTHING!! 
Formol living room, fomily room, kitchen wrih breakfast areo and entry atilt. It s al! freshly painted, super deon and neat! 
3 bedrooms, 
2 baths, double garage, covered patio and privacy fenced 
Mid 
3o s. 
494-1951 

Anytime. 

EQUITY ASSUMPTION lf you re o COST CONSCIOUS ond looking for a good investment in o home, this 3-bedroom, 2-bath home wrih double goroge hos o 
7 % % note. Ready to move into 
... Range, refirgerator, gorboge disposal dishwasher ond drapes 
— All included! Immediate oc­ cupancy. Priced mid 3o s. 494- 
1951 Anytime. 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
Attractive 2 bedroom with carpet, stove, refrigerator, air con­ ditioners, detached garage ond nice fenced lot. Only $16,5oo. Coll 
Marti. 
JUST LISTED 
Harlondale 
2-1-1 with huge 
24x24 potio, carpet ond drapes. 
Call Marti for details today. 

3 ACRES plus large 3 bedroom home wrih den, fireplace and lots of oaks. 
Off the old Pleasanton Rd. Only 
SI 7,ooo. Coll Jim Now 

HEATED POOL behind this enormous 3 bedroom, 
2 bath with den Only $35,ooo in 
Highland Hills. Call Fidel for ap­ pointment. 

HOME -I- INCOME 
See this lovely 
3 bedroom, 
Harlondale home with od|accnt rental. 
Let your tenant help make your payments. 
Call 
Barbara. 

BARGAIN HUNTERS 
This Highland s District 3 bedroom is for you. Only $16,8oo. Triple garage, carpet, covered patio ond lots more Call Fidel todoy. 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
Spacious 3-2-2 with 22x15 den, covered patio ond mony extras. 
Only $22,5oo, eosy terms. Coll 
Emery. 

532-3252 
NITES 648-321o 

COOL BREEZE 
Beautiful building site close to noture-Helotes Park Esates. Nites 
333-6143 

FIREPLACE LOVERS 
See this beoutiful 3 bedroom, 2 both rock home in Pecan Volley. 
Nites 333-6143 

JUST LISTED 
Nice 3 bedroom in Highland Hills. 
Near schools and shopping Under 
SI8,ooo. Nites 337-8478 

NORTHEAST 
3 bedroom, I bath in Judson Dis­ trict. Assume payments of $137. 
Nites 653-o94$ 

NEAR MCCOLLUM 
Home plus 1 ocre See this one priced under $3o,ooo Nites 333- 
6143 

HIGHLAND PARK 
Clean older home on large lot near bus and expressway Call for appointment. Nites 653-o945 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
3 bedroom, I bath, remodeled, new roof, new carpet. Priced at 
S18.5oo. Nites 337-8478 

A D A M S HILL 3-2-2 
Central oir-heat, appliances, some corpet, country kitchen, nicely landscaped. Open Terms. 
$3o,7oo. 

HERITAGE FARM 3-2-2 
Central oir-heat, carpet, appli­ ances, attractive neighborhood, convenient to bases. Equity ond assumption, $29,ooo. 

VALU Y-H I 3-1-CP 
Air conditioning, carpet, nice yord with lorge trees 
Storage shed. 
Open terms. $18,ooo. 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 4-2-2 
Central oir-heat, carpet, appli­ ances including water softener 
Covered patio, many trees. Equity ond assume payments of 
$261.5o 

IN DIAN CREEK 3-1-1 
Very clean, appliances, T.V. an­ tenna, fence. Equity and assume payments of only $159 per mo., total price $18,2oo. 

AMERICANA 3-2-COVERED 
GARAGE 
Central oir-heat, appliances, fen­ ce, only 3 years old. Small equity and ossumpe payments. $28,9oo. 

LACKLAND AFB 
No down to Active Duty and Vets. 
4 bedroom with den, air, covered patio. Move in today. VA ap­ praised at $25,25o. 

WILFORD H A U 
Doctor s Delight, S bedroom with lots of room for entertainment, 2 covered patios. Over 24oo sq. ft. appraised at $45,ooo. 

KELLY AFB 
Economical payments of only 
S1S2. 3 bedroom with air, range, carpet, fost occupancy. 
Value pocked ot SI6,55o. 

USAFSS 
Impossible to replace ot SI6,2oo. 
Landscaped lovely with 3 bed­ rooms, fenced, trees, range ond refrigerator Payments a low, low 

$131. 

M EDINA BASE 
Corner lot only 
I mile from 
Medina. 3 bedroom showplace. No down to NCO*. Has a greenhouse for you plant lovers. Better coil today on this one. $2o,SOO. 

VALLEY HI NORTH 
A Most Unique Home, large 2- story wrih $ bedrooms, 4 full baths, formal dining room, den, lorge kitchen with beamed ceil­ ing. Separate ond complete living quarters with central heat and cur and separate entrance. 
HERITAGE FARM lovely 3-2-2 wrih single living area, cozy fireplace with beamed cathedral ceilings. Range, dish­ washer, garbage disposal remain 
Nice level yord wrih privacy fen­ ce Assume VA loan of $292 pay­ ments with low equity. 
M EADO W VILLAGE 
3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 car gorage in excellent area. Freshly paint­ ed, garden kitchen, covered patio ond much more. Available June I, 
1977. Equity and ossume pay­ ments of S21o monthly. 
A D AM S HILL 
3 bedroom. 2 both, 2 car garage, featuring a paneled fomily room ond formol dining room with breakfast nook. Excellent floor plan for growing family. Equity and ossume payments of >21o mo. 
VALLEY HI 
4 bedroom, 1 % both, single car aerage. Fully carpeted, neor all schools. Equity and ossume pay­ ments of only $167 monthly or refinance on new VA loon. No money down. 

REDUCED 5926 
Large 3 bedroom. I bath, single gorage. central air conditioned and heated home. 
Carpeted thruout, separate dining and breakfast nook, range, dishwasher, disposal Many other extras. Assume 5169 VA 
7 % payments Low equity S255Q. 

REDUCED 52ooD 
Spacious 3 bedroom, 2 full baths, finished gorage. 
This fully carpeted, centrally heated ond oired home has appliances, drapes, covered patio ond roomy dining room Owner anxious to sell this Heritage Farm special for low equity. 

REDUCED 5265o 
Executive 2-story townhouse wrih 
3 bedroom, 2 % both, double carport, equipped wrih all ap­ pliances, drapes and carpeting. 
Equity and assume. 

SHOPPERS’ SPECIAl 
In Voltey-Hi, nea! 4 bedroom, I bath home with gorage, includes central heat and air, dishwasher, disposal, range, fnece and carpeting. Equity $2oSQ or new loan for $21,675. 

EXTRA C U A N 
3 Bedroom, I Vi bath home wrih large circular drive, refrigerator, stove, disposed, dropes end cover­ ed patio ore all included Equity ond payments of only $195 mo. 

Modern 3 bedroom, near Lake 
Dunalp for $31,5oo. 

COUNTRY LVING 
7 ocres, 4 bedroom, 2 kl bath, living, family and game room, barn ond 5 other outbuilding. 
512o,2oo 

IOO ACRES 
For only 5125o per ocie. 

9 + ACRES 
SI995 per acre. Owner financed 

6 + ACRES 
$1595 per acre Owner financed 

CANYON LAKE 
Furnished 2 bedroom home with fantastic lake view for $25,ooo. 

CANYON LAKE 
Across street from swimming pool, near boat ramp. 
2 ledrooms, $22,9oo. 

WEEKEND RETREAT 
Cabin plus 3 acres on York Creek for $15,5oo 

COUNTRY QUIET 
2 story, 4 bedroom, 2 bath, on big lot. $42,9oo 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
Youn exe home, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, it s modern and priced mid 
4o s. 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
I acre lot, $45oo 

28 

Area Offices 

Over 37oo 

Offices 

Coast- 

 to-Coast 

NA TIONAL 
REFERRAL 
SERVICE 

Each office is independently owned and operated. c=j 

LIST WITH 
A LEADER 

Want 
Ads 
CALL 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
HOURS 

8 A.M. to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

A M N O U M C C M t N T S 

S a n A n to n io E X P R E 5 S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y A pril 2 4 I 9 7 7 
2o1-B EA L ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 BW BM TI NOTICES 
2o1 B m ESTIT! WTICfS 
2o1 RHI B H K MBTICiS 
2D1 OW B T M MTICES 

(a n n o u n c e m e n t s )( -q* ] 
1o8 LOST AW FOUND 

F o U N t T 

I K L S P f C H l K O T IC K 
IID SPfCIAlNOTICES 

1 o 6 — 
P e r s o n a l * 
1 o 7 — 
B u s in e * * P e r s o n a l. 

1 o 8 — 
L o s t a n d F o u n d 
1 1 o — 
S p e c ia l N o t ic e * 
1 1 2 — 
P r o f e s s io n a l N o t ic e s 
I 1 4 — 
E n t e r t a in m e n t 
1 1 8 — 
L o d g e N o t ic e s 
I J O — 
B id s & P r o p o s a ls 
I 2 2 — 
O f f ic ia l P u b lic a t io n s 
I 2 4 — 
L e g a l N o t ic e s 

■ C A L ESTA TE 

2 o 1 — 
R e a l E sta te N o t ic e s 
2 o 2 — 
O p e n H o u s e s 
2 o 4 — 
P r o p e r t y O u t © I 
T o w n 
2 o 6 — 
C o n d o m in iu m s — 
T o w n h o u s e s 
2 o 8 — 
A p a r t m e n t s . 
D u p le x e s 
2 1 o 
Ha ute*— 
N o r t h e a s t 
2 1 2 — 
H o u s e s — 
N o r t h w e s t 
2 1 4 — 
H o u s e s — 
S o u t h e a s t 
2 1 6 — 
H o u s e s — 
S o u t h w e s t 
2 1 8 — 
H o u s e s M o v e d a n d 
W r e c k e d 
2 2 o — 
H o u s e s f o r T r o d e 

2 2 4 — 
H o u s e s , S a le o r 
R e n t 
2 2 6 — 
S u b u r b a n 
P r o p e r t y — 
A c r e a g e 
2 2 8 — 
R e s o r t P r o p e r t ie s 
2 3 o — 
L o ts 
2 3 1 — 
In v e s t m e n t 
P r o p e r t y 
2 3 2 — 
F a r m s a n d R a n c h e s 
2 3 4 — 
F a r m s a n d R a n c h e s f o r R e n t 
2 3 6 — 
C o m m e r c ia l 
P r o p e r t y — 
S a le 
2 3 8 — 
C o m m e r c ia l 
P r o p e r t y ( L e a s e ) 
2 4 o — 
C o m m e r c ia l 
P r o p e r t y ( W a n t e d ) 
2 4 2 — 
In d u s t r ia l P r o p e r t y f o r S a le 
2 4 4 — 
In d u s t r ia l P r o p e r t y f o r L e a s e 
2 4 6 — 
In d u s t r ia l P r o p e r t y 
W a n t e d 
2 4 8 — 
O f f ic e S p a c e f o r le a s e 
2 5 o — 
O ffic e S p a c e 
W o n t e d 
2 5 2 — 
R e a l E sta te S e ll o r 
E x c h a n g e 
2 5 4 — 
R e a l E sta te W a n t e d 
2 5 6 — 
R e a l E sta te 
L o a n s — 
N o t e s 
2 S 8 — 
R e a l E sta te L o a n s 
W a n t e d 

R E N T A L S 

3 o 2 — 
M o b ile H o m e s f o r 
R e n t 
4 o 1 — 
A p a r t m e n t s F u m . 
4 o 2 — 
H o u s e k e e p in g A p t. 
F u m . 
4 o 4 — 
A p a r t m e n t s , U n firm . 
4 o 6 — 
H o u s e s , D u p le x e s — 
F u r n is h e d 
4 o 8 — 
H o u s e s , D u p le x e s — 
U n f u r n is h e d 
4 1 o — 
H o u s e s , R e n t o r S e ll 
4 1 2 — 
R o o m s , F u r n is h e d 
4 1 4 — 
R o o m s , U n f u r n is h e d 
4 1 6 — 
R o o m s w it h B o a r d 
4 1 8 — 
W a n t t o R e n t o r 
L e a s e 

B U S IN E S S 
O P P O R T U N IT IE S 
$ 

5 o 1 — 
B u s in e s s 
O p p o r t u n it ie s 
S o 2 — 
B u s in e s s O p p o r ­ tu n it ie s W a n t e d 
5 o 4 — M o n e y t o L e n d 
5 o 6 — 
F in a n c ia l— i n v e s t ­ m e n t s 
5 o 8 — 
O il P r o p o s t io n s 
5 1 o — 
M o n e y W a n t e d 
5 1 2 — 
In s t ru c tio n s 
5 1 4 — 
In s t ru c tio n s W a n t e d r 

 e m p l o y m e n t i n 
J; !♦. 

6 o 1 — 
P r o f e s s io n a l 
6 o 2 — 
S a le s 
6 o 4 — 
T e c h n ic o i 
6 o 5 — 
R e s u m e s 
6 o 6 — 
A d m i n i s t r a t i v e - 
F in a n c ia l 
6 o 8 — 
S e c r e t a r ia l 
6 1 o — 
O ffic e & C le r ic a l 
6 1 2 — 
M e d ic a l 
6 1 4 — 
S k ilis - T r a d e s 
6 1 6 — 
F o o d -D r in k S e r v ic e s 
6 1 8 — 
P a r t T im e 
6 2 o — 
H e lp W a n t e d 
M is c e lla n e o u s 
6 2 2 — 
D o m e st ic 
6 2 4 — 
S it u a t io n s W a n t e d 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7 o 1 — 
A n t iq u e s - C o lle c t o r s 
7 o 2 - 7 2 6 — 
S p o r t s, F o r e ig n 

7 3 o - 7 4 3 — 
C a r s — 
F o r S a le o r T ra d e 
7 4 4 — 
C u s t o m iz e d C a r s — 
. S p e e d - R a c in g E q u ip . 
7 4 6 — 
T ru c k s & C o m m e r c ia l 
T r a ile r s — 
B u s e s 
7 4 8 — 
M o t o r c y c le s — 
S c o o t e r s 
7 S O — 
W a n t e d - A u t o s , 
T ru ck s, T ra ile rs, 
M o t o r c y c le s 
7 5 2 — 
G e n e r a l A u t o 
R e p a ir 
7 5 4 — 
T ire s — 
P a r t s — 
A c c e s s o r ie s 
7 5 6 — 
A u t o , 
F in a n c in g — 
L o a n s 
7 5 8 — 
A ir c r a f t 
S e r v ic e s — 
S u p p lie s 

RECREATION A l 

8 o 1 — 
C a m p e r s — 
T r a ile r s 
8 o 2 — 
M o t o r H o m e s 
8 o 4 — 
B o a ts , M o t o r s 
8 o 6 — 
S p o r t in g G o o d s 
8 o 8 — 
H u n t in g & F is h in g 

M O B IL E H O M E S 
H O 

8 1 o — 
M o b ile H o m e S a le 
8 1 1 — 
M o b i le H o m e 
R e p a ir s — 
In s u r a n c e 
8 1 2 — 
M o b ile H o m e P a r k s r 
----------------- 

M E R C H A N D IS E 

9 o 1 — 
B u s in e s s E q u ip m e n t 
9 o 3 — 
B u ild in g M a t e r ia ls 
9 o S — - P o r t a b le B u ild in g s 
9 o 7 — 
F u rn it u re 
9 o 9 — 
P a w n B r o k e r s 
9 1 o — 
A p p lia n c e s 
9 1 2 — 
F le a M a r k e t s 
9 1 4 — 
A n t iq u e s 
9 1 6 — 
A r t s, C r a ft s , Im p o r t * 
9 1 8 — 
C o in s & J e w e l r y 
9 2 o — 
C a m e r a — 
P h o t o 
E q u ip . 
9 2 2 — 
M u s ic a l In s t r u m e n t s 
9 2 4 — 'N u r s e r ie s , G a r d e n 
9 2 6 — 
M a c h in e r y — 
T o o ls 
9 2 8 — 
M e r c h a n d is e M a r t 

9 2 9 — 
G a r a g e S a le s 
9 3 o — 
M e r c h a n d i s e W a n t e d 
9 3 2 — 
A u c t io n S a le 
9 3 4 — 
B u s in e s s D ir e c t o r y 

D O G S — 
P ET S 

9 3 3 — 
D o g s - C a t s - B i r d s - P e t s 
9 3 8 — 
P o u l t r y - R a b b it s - B e e s 

LIVESTOCK 

9 4 o — l i v e s t o c k - F e e d - 
S e e d s 
9 4 1 — 
P r o d u c e 

9 4 2 — 
F a r m E q u ip m e n t a n d S u p p lie s 

 r n - 
“ ■ -'-j 

* 
* 

V 

M v 
& 
M rs. 
E u sto c ks 

A lv a r a d o p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e 

 the a rr iv a l o f their b a b y 

G IR L : la u r a Liza, 7 lbs., 1 5 

 o z , b o rn A p ril I 2, 1 9 7 7 . 

M r 
& M rs. R o b e rt C e n t e n o 

 p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e the a r ­ 

 rival o f their b a b y 
GIRL.- 

J e ssic a C e n te n o , 7 lbs., I I b o rn A p ril I I , 1 9 7 7 . 

M r. 
& 
M rs. 
R o b e rt 

G o n z a le z p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e 

‘he a rriv a l o f their b a b y 

G IR L : Je n n ife r G o n z a le z , 5 

 lbs., 6 o z., b o rn A p ril 
12 , 

1 9 7 7 . 

M r. 
& 
M r s 
J o m e s 
A 

 lo h n so n , a n n o u n c e the ar- 

’ival o f their b a b y 
G IR L : 

Jam i B re o n e , 8 lb s.. % o z ., 

 b o rn A p ril 4 , 1 9 7 7 . 

O O f 
{ 

♦ 
M r 
& M rs. P a u l K in n iso n , ♦ 

Jr., p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e the 

 a rriv a l o f their b a b y BOY-. ^ 

P au l C h a n c e , 8 lb s , IO o z., ^ 

 b o rn A p ril 8, 1 9 7 7 . 

M r 
& M rs. M ik e K le in p r o ­ 

 u d ly a n n o u n c e the a rriv a l of 

 their b a b y 
G IR L i 
C a rrie 

M ic h e lle , 
6 lbs., 
1 2 oz., 

 b o rn A p ril 8 , I 9 9 7 7 . 

M r. 
& 
M r s . 
R ic h a rd 
G . 

T h o m p so n 
Jr., p ro u d ly a n ­ 

 n o u n c e the a rriv a l o f their 

 b a b y G IR L . Teri Jill, 8 lb s , 

7 o z., b o m A p ril 3, 1 9 7 7 . 

M r . 
& 
M rs. 
G r e g g t 

W e st e rm a n p ro u d ly a n 

 n o u n c e the a rriv a l o f their 

 b a b y B O Y : B ria n G r e g g , 8 

 lbs., 6 OZ., b o rn A p ril 8, 
1 9 7 7 . 

To Place Your Announcement 
Call Ms. Carroll 225-1666 

G ro y Poodle B la n c o cmd 
J a c k so n 
K elle r, 
W e e k d a y s 
8-5 
344 7o7). 

P o u lt ! m ole G e rm a n Sh e p h e rd , older dos, b la ck a nd ton. 496-21o6 

F O U N D S H E L T I E 
_____________494-7787 
G r a y T o y P oo d le ,- bloc!) m a rtf- m gs, red collar, H ild e b ra n d B la n ­ c o a r e a . A n s w e r s to S p ik e . 
R E W A R D ? 736 22o3, 733-9483. 

L A R G E R E W A R D F o r retu rn of g o ld w a tch . L o s t at L a V illita , 
W ed night, A p ril 21 732-3573 
L o st A p ril 17th, V illa ge G len are a, sm a ll curtey haired, b la ck fem ale dog, p re gn an t and on m edication, a n s w e r s to " G I G I ” . 8 2 4 -2 7 *1 , 
653-6o86. L ucille D esselle. 
L O S T A b lo ck a nd white dog. m ed size. w trey hair, n am e d ‘L u c k y ” , i 
V icin ity ot H ild e b ra n d -So n P ed ro. 
R a b ie s tag 
2251. 
R E W A R D * 
733-7489______________________________ ' 
L O S T : B r in d l e d fe m a le m u tt. 
N e e d s m e d ic in e . R E W A R D ! 
735-5333 491 4374 
______________ 
L O S T : C ockatiel bird. S a tu rd a y in 
K irb y . C all 661-2139 a tter W P M . 
R e w a rd ottered 

L O S T M o n t e V is t a a re a , t ig e r g ro y cat, white paw s. R E W A R D ! 
734-8923 
L O S T : o ve rw e igh t b la ck a nd tan fe m ale D o b e rm a n R E W A R D of- fered! 824-82o5 o r 494-2916________ 
L O S T : S m a ll b la ck s h a g g y d og vicinity of Sa nto M o n ic a -S o n P e d ro N o c o lla r. C h ild r e n 's p e t! 
R E W A R D ! 826-8721. o r 736-o533 eves. 
L o s t v ic in it y W o o d la k e , s m o ll m a le d og, Io n a n d w h ite m a r k ­ ings. no tags. R e w o rd . 661-5827. 
L o s ! w h ite - b la c k f lu f f y lo n g h a ire d m a le dog. tV iy rs, A la m o 
Hts. a re a 828-3832 R e w o rd i 

12o BIDS & PROPOSALS 
I - BIOS I PROPOSALS 

K 
IN VITATIO N FOR B ID S 
DEM O LITIO N CONTRACT NO. 78-111 

T he U rb a n R e n e w a l A g e n e y o f the C ity c f S a n A n to n io will 

 receive B id s for D e m o litio n a n d site c le a ra n c e o n the fo llo w in g 

 item in the R o s a V e rd e Tex. R - 7 8 Project a re a o f S a n A n to n io , 

T e xa s, 
Approxim ately 9,82o s p u n '* tw o-story m a so nry 

 until 1 o : o o a.m . C e n tra l D a y lig h t Tim e o n the 5 th d a y o f M a y , 

1 9 7 7 , of 4 1 8 S o u th S a n t a R o sa Stree t, S a n A n to n io , T e x a s at 

 w h ich tim e a n d p la ce all b id s w ill b e p u b lic ly o p e n e d a n d re a d 

 alo ud . 

C o n tra c t 
D o c u m e n ts, in c lu d in g 
D r a w in g s a n d T e ch nica l 

Sp e c ific a tio n s ore o n file a t the o ffic e o f the U r b a n R e n e w a l 

A g e n c y a t 4 1 8 S o u th S a n t o R o s a Stree t, S a n A n to n io , T e xa s. 

A certified check o r b a n k d raft, p a y a b le to the o rd e r o f the 

U rb a n R e n e w a l A g e n c y o f the C ity o f S a n A n to n io , n e g o tia b le 

U S. G o v e rn m e n t B o n d s, o r a sa tisfa c to ry B id B o n d e x e c u te d 

 b y the B id d e r a n d a n a c c e p ta b le S u re ty C o m p a n y lic e n se d to 

 d o b u sin e ss in T e x a s in a n a m o u n t e q u a l to 
1 o % o f the 

 e stim a te d cost o f D e m o litio n a n d S ite C le a ra n c e sh a ll b e su b ­ 

 m itted w ith e o c h Bid 

The su c ce ssfu l B id d e r w ill b e re q u ire d to fu rn ish a n d p a y 

 fo r sa tisfa c to ry P e rfo rm a n ce a n d P a y m e n t b o n d o r b o n d s. 

A tte n tio n is c alle d to the fa ct that n ot le ss th a n the 

 m inim um sa la rie s a n d w a g e s a s set forth in the C o n tra c t D o c u ­ m e nts m u st b e p a id o n this p roject a n d that the C o n tra c to r 

 m u st e n su re that e m p lo y e e s a n d a p p lic a n ts fo r e m p lo y m e n t a re 

 n o t d iscrim in a te d a g a in s t b e c a u se o f their race, se x, cre e d , c o l­ 

 or, o r n a tu ra l origin. 

T he U r b a n R e n e w a l A g e n c y re se rv e s the right to reject a n y 

 a n d all B id s o r to w a iv e a n y in fo rm a litie s in the B id d in g. 

B id s m a y b e h eld b y the U r b a n R e n e w a l A g e n c y fo r a 

 p e rio d n ot to e x c e e d thirty ( 3 o ) d a y s from the d a te o f the 

 o p e n in g B id s for the p u rp o se o f re v ie w in g the B id s a n d in ­ 

 v e stig a tin g the q u a lific a tio n s o f the B id d e rs, p rio r to a w o rd in g 

 o f the C on tract. 
URBAN RENEWAL AGENCY OF THE 
CITY OF SA N ATONIO 
By: Donald B. Williams 
Prefect Coordinator 
Rosa Varda Proiact, Tax. R-78 
April 21, 1977 j 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 
124-LEGAL NOTICES 

REPORT OF CONDITION 

Consolidating domestic subsidaries of the 
First National Bank 

 of San Antonio in the state of Texas, ot the dose of business on March 31, 1977 published in response to coll mode by Comptroller of the Currency, under title 
12. United States Code 161. 
Charter number 1657 
Notional Bonk Region Number 11 
Statement of Resources and liabilities 
Thousands of dollars 
ASSETS 
Cash and due from b o n k s......................................................... S 
8,99? 
U.S. treasury securities ............................................................ 
SOO 
Obligations of other U S Gov t. agencies and corps......................... 
43,985 
Obligations of States and political subdivisions............................. 
? ’s62 
Other bonds, notes, and debentures ......................................... 
25 federal Reserve stock and corporate stock............................... 
83 federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 
6,ooo 
Loans, Total (excluding unearned income).................................. 
42,897 less Reserve for possible loon lo sse s...................... 
28o loans, Net ......................................................................... 
42,617 
Direct lease financing .............................................................. 
2^o24 
Bank premises, furniture and fixtures, and other assets representing bank premises .................................................... 
2,479 
Real estate owned other thank bank prem ises............................. 
439 
Other a sse ts......................................................................... 
3 25o 
TOTAL ASSETS..........................................................................ST 12^956 

LIABILITIES 
Demand deposits of individuals, prtnshps, ond corps..................... $ 19,3oo 
Time ond savings deposits of individuals, prtnshps, ond corps 
5l!6?l 
Deposits of United States Government......................................... 
285 
Deposits of States and politico! subdivisions.................................... 
22,51o 
Deposits of commercial bonks............................. 
.... 
1 '545 
Certified ond officers checks ...................................... 
’ 
*65 
TOTAL DOMESTIC DEPOSITS .............................................................95,926 
Toto! demand deposits .......................................... 25,92o 
Total time ond savings dep osits.......................> . 
7o oo6 
TOTAl DEPOSITS IN DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN OFFICES 
.................. 
95,926 federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ........................ 
9 999 
Other liabilities ..................................... 
(’558 
TOTAl LIABILITIES (excluding subordinated notes ond debentures)... 
S1o7*474 
Subordinated notes ond debentures............................................ _ ll4QD 
EQUITY CAPITAL 
Common stock o No shotes authorized 2oo,ooo 

 b No shares outstanding 151,41o (par value). 
I 514 

 v ......................................................................... 
1*514 
Undivided profits 
....................................... 
1954 
TOTAl EQUITY CAPIYAl 
....................... 
4 982 

TOTAl LIABILITIES ANO EQUITY CAPITAL................................. * * * " $112>S6 

M EM O RAN D A 

Average tor I S or 3o tolendor doys ending with coll dote- 
Cosn ond due from b o n k s 
..................................... S 1o,9o8 fed funds sold and securities purchased under agreements lo resell 
7*165 
Toto! lo o n s................... 
41794 
Time deposits of S1oo.ooo or more in domestic offices................ 
32,577 
Total deposits...................................................................... 
1o4 9o4 fed funds purchased ond securities sold under agreements to repurchase ......................................................................... 
8,339 
Standby letters of credit (outstanding as of report dote)................. 
87 
Time deposits of SIOO.OOO or more (outstanding os of report dote) 
Time certificates of deposit in denominations of SIOO.OOO or more 
6,65? 
Other time deposits in amounts of SIOO.OOO ot m ote............... 
$ 18785 
I, (Name) BOB MARION. (Title) Comptroller, of the above named bank do hereby declare that this Report of Condition is true ond correct to the best of my knowledge ond belief. 
Bob Motion 
March 8, 197J 

We, the undersigned directors oftest the correctness of this statement of resources and liabilities. We delcare that it has been examined by us, ond to the best of our knowledge ond belief is true and correct. 

Glenn Biggs 
H George Chaffin — Directors 
Nelson W Wolff 

1o6 PERSONALS 

To T im CiossirieU Oeotn 
Notices Please See fro n t P a o r Kure! 

L O I — 
O e o tk s 
1 o 2 — 
C o r d e l T h a n k * 
M tm oriom 
1o3 — Flans** —» flow ers 
1o4— fun*caf Directors 
1o5 — Cem etery— Kuna I lot* __________ __ 

F O R H E L P with on unw ed p r e g ­ n ancy, call E d n a G la d n e y H om e, 
Ft W orth, T X I-8oo-792 11o4 

N E E D H E L P ? W ant to talk it o u t? 
W rite, M r L is te n e r P R I V A T E , 
C O N F I D E N T I A L , 
U N D E R ­ 
S T A N D IN G . G et it off y o u r chest. 
S e n d n am e , te le p h o n e no., a n d tim e ta call for a pp ointm ent to M r . 
Listener, P O B O X 32591, So n A n tonio. Tx 78216. M in u m u m rates, 
SSO p e r hr. 

R o o m m a t e n e e d e d to s h a r e a p a rtm e n t? 344-1516 

1o7-BUSINESS PERSONALS 

187 -BUSINESS PERSONALS 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 
G iv e n b y the F o x ie st G irts in San 
A ntonio B est p la ce to R e la x and u n w in d . " F e e l B e t t e r F a s t " . 
O u tsid e C ity L im its. O p e n 1o:3o a m to 4am B ig D isc o u n ts! N orth 
Side P A R IS R U E B . 492 2994 

A N E W M A S S A G E L O C A T IO N outside city, open 7 d o y s 'til 2am . 
P ro f. m a ss e u se s. 1223o IM 3 5 N. between O 'C o n n e r & J u d so n R d s 

M A S S E U S E 
W A N T E D . 
52oo 53oo W e e k ly . E x p e r ie n c e d n o t n e c e s s a r y . 7 3 2 -3 3 6 1 . 42 18 
B la n c o T o ko vo H o u se 

FIESTA 
SPECIAL 
MASSAGE 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
P ric e , Shop, C o m p a r e Still leo t u r in g 1977 M a s s a g e s o f 1973 
P ric e s ! C om e m eet o u r B eautifu l 
N e w “ M e c h a n ic s". 492-2oo1 

L O S T W o o d la w n H i l l s a r e a . 
P o rth o le h a rd to p to '5 * T - B ir d . 
G en ero u s re w o rd 434-4o6o. 
M is sin g sin ce M on. A p ril ll, b a y g e ld in g w ith w h ite s t a r on f o r ­ ehead. L a st seen in a re a of Sa n 
A n t o n io R i v e r - M i l i t a r y D r . , w e a r in g y e llo w h a lt e r . 
R E W A R D ! 533-1574 224-4486 

R E W A R D fo r f e m a le G e r m a n 
Sh e p h e rd , tan a n d b la c k , p r e g ­ nant, n e e d s m e d ic a l a tte n tio n . 
M isse d v e ry m u ch 673-3o73 
R E W A R D ! G o ld -o ran ge T o m Cat, white trim . M ig h t be w e a rin g blue collar. L a st seen 4-19 A la m o H ts a re a Call 826-o938 or 224-9291 

R E W A R D ! ! for m issin g '? D a c h shund, 'y C hih ua hu a , d a rk b ro w n w ith to n m a r k in g s . N o t o g s . 
V ic in ity of C a n d le lig h t A p ts, So. 
Flores. N a m e d “ C o c o a ". 924-oS28 or 228-5oo1 
R E W A R D , L o s t B l a c k S i l v e r 
L o n g h a ire d fe m ale G e r m a n She- pherd. 732-7865 o nd o r 342-9457. 
Straye d vicinity of W h isp e r O a ks. 
M ate Sib e ria n H u sk y , b la c k a nd white, c h ild e rn s pet. R E W A R D . 
492-1897. 

IID-SPECIAL NOTICES 

B L O O D 

? D O N A T I O N S ? 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES Of 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Mo*41 8.-oo k M M M KIU aOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS I 
ONLY j 

EARN $$$ 
WEEKLY 

Blood Plasma Donors 
Mon.-Sat. 8 am-4-.3o 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir c o n d it io n e d fo r w e d d in g s , receptions, d an ce s, etc. H o ld s up to 45o p e o p le . G r e a t e r S . A . 
B u ild e r A sso c. 8925 N.W . IH-1o. 
696-38oo. 
A & H R e y n o ld s w ou ld like to a n ­ nounce M r & M r s B illy Y o u n g a nd 
M r G ene R e y n o ld s o s the w in n in g te a m in the a n n u a l F r e e s t o n e 
County F r o g Hunt. 

A lm o st F re e T ra n sp o rta tio n 
F o r D e ta ils C all, 224-2221. 

A L V A R E Z C A F E 
G R A N D O P E N IN G 
S u n d a y A p ril 24, 1977 
F o o d 11 P ric e , L iv e M u sic 
L O S 5 U N ID O S J O E J A S O 
3735 S.W. M ilit a ry 
M a r y L o o A lv o re z, o w n e r 

A R E Y O U I N T E R E S T E D in p e rso n a b le la d y with good b u ­ sin e ss head, well gro om e d , people orie nted , u n e n c u m b e re d , w ho is lo o k in g fo r a c h a lle n g e in w o rk t h a t is i n t e r e s t in g a n d d i v e r s i f i e d ? E x c e l l e n t b a c k ­ gro un d . 494-6139 

FOR RENT 
H o u r ly o r d a ily A u d it o r iu m a n d 
P a rty ro om b eautiful N orth Side 
Location, g re a t for m u sic, clu bs, p a r t ie s , w e d g in g r e c e p t io n s , m e e t in g s o f a lt k i n d s . C o l l 
344-4539. N e a r N o r t h S t a r a n d 
C en tral P a r k M all. 

Jiffy P r e s s In stan t P rin tin g 
A full se rv ic e p rin t sh o p n e a r yo u ! 
16o6 M c C u llo u g h 6211 So n P e d ro 
17o1 SW M ilit a ry D r 
42o9 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd. 
226 E .R h a p s o d y of So n P e d ro 
K I D T R O U B L E S ? T h in k y o u m ig h t a c c id e n t a l ly h u r t y o u r c h ild ? A n ew self help g ro u p now form ing. N o c h a rg e s, p riv a c y a s ­ s u r e d C a ll: P A R E N T S A N O N ­ 
Y M O U S 226-3391 

M r . $ M r s 
E u s t a c e A lv a r a d o p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e the a r r iv a l of their b a b y G IR L : L a u r a L iz a , 7 lbs. 15 oz. b orn A p ril 12, 1977. 

L O S T fu zzy b la ck - w hite fe m a le 
C h ih u a h u a at S o u t h s id e S e a r s . 
F a m i l y pet. 
55o 
R E W A R D ! 
626-2317 626 1831 342 449o__________ 

L O S T : M o le A p r ic o t p o o d le , A |] m a s old, P a lm H e ig h ts are a. 53o 
R e w a rd ! 922-2361__________________ 

L O S T m ale m ixed b ree d blonde, re se m b le s sm a ll C ollie a b o u t 3o lb s ( L o n g h a ir ) H a r m o n y H ills 
Castle H ills A rea. C all a tter 4, 
341-2o6o 

M r A M r s R ic h a r d G T h o m p so n 
J r p ro u d ly a n n o u n c e the a r r iv a l of th e ir b o b v G IR L : T e ri Jill, 8 lbs. 7oZ. b o rn A p ril 3, 1977. 
R E T I R E D A n g lo G e n t l e m a n w ould like (ob o s C hau ffeu r. P a rt time. W rite E x p r e s s B o x 7643 
R e tu rn in g Y u c a ta n on new H o n d a 
1ooo. 
D e sire c om p an ion . 
Jo c k , 
$32-o478 

Sin g le s 18-8o Y rs. D a tin g 
B y M a t c h m a k e r Inc. 
12S9 J a c k so n K e lle r Suite 2oS 
E x e c u tiv e C en ter 344-1115 
T h o u sa n d O a k s C o u n try C lu b go ld card, 575o. R u th B e g g s 925-4351 
494 1o17 
Top c a sh p aid tor y o u r old n e w ­ sp a p e rs o n d c o rru ga te d . 815 Ce- ro lvo A R C O P A P E R S T O C K 
18-8o Y E A R S 
E S C O R T S A L L O C C A S IO N S 
8 e one o r h ove one 
344 1115 344-1125 

114-ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

C h a rte r y o u r ow n flight! B u s in e s s trips, fish in g trip s, yo u n a m e it, we ll tty it! I 866-3471 

SATURDAY TOURS 

E S C O R T E D 
A IR C O N D IT IO N E D 
M O T O R C O A C H 
L e a v e S A 8 : 3oam 
R e tu rn 6pm 
$1o P E R P E R S O N 
T o u r No. I A u stin 
T o u r No. 2 L B J R a n c h 
F o r re se rv a tio n s coil 
828-9123 
681-22o5 

Executive Homes 

ALAMO HEIGHTS $95,ooo 
The sweet proportions of an earlier era are evi­ dent in this 2-story, rock home . . . updated, without discarding the amenities of yesterday! 

Central heat and a ir. . . new baths (3) and kitchen! 

3 bedrooms, fireplaced living room, formal dining 

 room. 
824-9631 

HIDDEN CREEK $89,3oo 
This exciting, Contemporary home has an ex­ cellent traffic flow and lots of entertaining space! 
Cathedral ceiling, fireplace in living room . . . a formal dining room and a family room 2ox18! 4 bedrooms, 3 lovely baths. Covered patio and a 
“ gourmet" kitchen. 
696-481 I 

OLMOS PARK $98,5oo 
Spanish archways, lovely balconies and a red tile r o o f . echoes of bygone years . . . here today in this nostalgic, older home! Formal living room with fireplace . . . dining room 14x17 and a musk room. Spiral staircase to 3 enormous bedrooms! 
653-7341 

WINDCREST $75,ooo 
Built in split level, this brick and stucco home has lovely balconies off the bedrooms, a large sun room and a fireplace in the paneled family room 
.. . formal living and dining rooms. 4 bedrooms, 3 baths. Parquet floors plus wall to wall carpeting! 
494-7771 

SHAVANO PARK $95,2oo 
A builder's own home . . . with Earth colors, pecan paneling and a unique, semi-circle kitchen! 
Sunken living room with raised dining area . . . family room with fireplace. 4 bedroom s. . . 2 are suites! A free-form patio under many, many trees! 
696-4811 

COMAL COUNTY $117,5oo 

Drive down a paved road to a wooded retreat on over 2.5 acres! 2-story home of fieldstone and cedar, has a living room 26x18 with a fireplace .. . a dining and family room with Saltillo tile and 4 bedrooms, study and 3 luxurious baths. Fabulous kitchen! 
681-29oo 

MARY MONT $189,5oo 
Footsteps whisper in the plush carpeting of this graciously beautiful home, set on sprinklered lawns with towering trees, courtyard and terrace. 
Living room with classic, bay window . . . formal dining room. A 2-story family room with fireplace. 
Master suite with 2 baths, library, 4 bedrooms in all. Playroom! 
824-9631 

THOUSAND OAKS $95,ooo 
Professional landscaping lends interest to an already fascinating, Contemporary home with lots of rock, inside and out! Huge, open living area with fireplace . . . overlooked by a loft-library! 5 bedrooms, 3 full baths (atrium and deck off master suite!). 
494-7771 

CHURCHILL ESTATES $79,9oo 
Fall in love at first sight with this tall, light and handsome home! Formal rooms plus a family room with fireplace, pecan paneling and doors to an oval-shaped patio! Study, half bath downstairs 
. . . 5 bedrooms, 2 compartmented baths upstairs. 
653-7341 

WINDCREST $79,5oo 
Over 2,58o sq. ft. of living space and a lovely, large pool, next to a covered patio! A landscaped courtyard . . . living, dining rooms and a family room with a fireplace and paneled walls. 4 spacious bedrooms, 3 baths and a bonus hobby room! 
658-7oo7 

G v y C a p m a n Cb. 

REALTORS 

12o tlOSt PROPOSALS 

REQUEST 
FOR 
ARCHITECT ENGINEER 
SERVICES tor design of fish holding house on the Son Monos Nationol fish 
Hatchery, Son Marcos, Texas. Services lo be furnished include the prepaio hon of pions, specifications, ond cost estimates. The estimated construction contract award range for the project is 
S125.ooo SI 5o.ooo. Consideration will be limited lo firms with fully staffed office within on 8o mile range of San 
Marcos, Texas The estimated design completion time is six (6V weeks from receipt of notice to proceed 
Interested firms should submrt SF 254, 
A E and Reloted Services Question , noire, to U S. fish and Wildlife Service, 
Office of 
Contracting 
& 
General 
Services, P O Box 13o6, Albuquerque, 
New Mexico 871o3, not later Ihon May 
IO, 1977 Additional information may he obtomed by contocting Mr lorn 
Reed, Regional Engineer, telephone 
(5o5) 766 2o88, Albuquerque, New 
Mexico. This is not a request for o pro 

 posal 

124-LEG AL NOTICES 

PUBLIC NOTICE 

PUBLIC 
NOTICE 
IS hereby given that on the 25th Day of April, 1977 at 1:oo P.M. 

Household Goods will be sold at Public Auction at Mini- 

Storage No. 22, 25o Spencer 

 lane, San Antonio, Texas, unless indebtedness is satisfied by that dote. 

Unit 224-G erold W. Ogden 

V. Herzog, M an a ge r 

M ini-Storage No. 4 

2o1-BEALESTATE NOTICES 

12o - BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 

B v M is s 36-22-36. W h at a w a y to go C he ck o u r late rule Sp ecia ls. 
O pen till 4 A M 492-2994 

F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e r v i c e . 
7 3 4 -8 2 5 3 o r 7 3 2 -3 3 *1 . T o k o v o 
H ouse. 4218 B ia n c o . 
____ 

M A G IC S P E C I A L Vs p r ic e m a t- sage. 734-8253. 3419 B la n c o M a g ic 
M a s s a g e 
____________ _ 

ScientificProlessional 
D A T IN G S E R V I C E 
M a tc h m a k e r Inc. 344-1115 

S P R I N G S P E C I A L ! 
J P r i c e 
Massage Free Sauna and Whirl­ pool. 733-33*1 Tokovo House, *318 

M A S S A G E S 
73 *-o 4H 

THC N U M B tk TO C A LI 
IS 22 5 1 6 66 
( X P B fS S A N O N (W 5 

S e a le d b id p r o p o s a l s w ill b e received b v the B o a rd of T ru ste e s of the N o r t h E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
Sc h o o l D istric t for the fo llo w in g item s at the tim es sh ow n : 

V E H I C L E S : 2:oo p.m., T h u rs d a y , 
A p ril 28, 1977 
C A L C U L A T O R S : 
3 :o o p .m .. 
T u e sd a y, M a y 3, 1977 

B id fo rm s m a y be p ic ke d up p rio r to bid o p e n in g in the office ot the 
D i r e c t o r o f 
P u r c h a s i n g , 
N .E .l S.D., 1o333 B ro a d w a y , S a n 
Antonio, T e x a s 

S E A L E D B ID P R O P O S A L S w ill be re c e iv e d b v the S o n A n to n io 
In d e p e n d e n t S c h o o l D is t r ic t on the follow ing 
B id No. 77-84 
M o d ific atio n of G y m L ig h tin g 
B id O p e n in g : l l am , M a y 3, 1977 

B id No. 77-65 
M e z za n in e floor a n d c a n o p y 
Fo o d se rv ic e w a re h o u se 
B id O p e n in g : IO A M , M a y 3, 1977 

B id No. 778* 
E x te rio r P a in tin g 
V a r io u s Sc h o o ls 
B id O p e ning, 1:3o P M , M a y 2,1977 

B id fo rm s m a y be p ic ke d up p rio r to bid o pe n in g of the office of the 
P u r c h a s in g A g e n t, 1215 A u s t in 
Street, Sa n Antonio, T e x a s 

Attention! B efo re you b o y o r sell rin g Bell. W e b u y equ ities C ash. 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 
222-949S 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L e t u s m a k e a C A S H o ffe r fo r 
I y o u r h om e o r equity, C a ll now ! 
( The 
H o m e 
M a r t 
655-12o1 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L e t u s m a k e o C A S H o ffe r fo r y o u r h om e o r equity C all now ! 
T h e 
H o m e 
M o r t 
655-12o1 
B o y R e a l E sta te che ap su b sc rib e to the 
F o re c lo su re 
Report, 
223-699o 

S e a le d b id p r o p o s a l s w ill b e re c e iv e d b y the B o o rd of T ru ste e s of the N o r t h E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
Scho o l D istric t fo r the follow in g: 

B A N K D E P O S I T O R Y B ID 
2:oo p.m., T u e sd a y, 
M ay 3, 1977 

B id ro rm s m a y be p ic ke d up p rio r to bid o p e n in g in the office of the 
D ire c to r of P u rc h a sin g , N E. I. S. 
D , 1o333 B ro a d w a y , S a n Antonio, iT e x a s . 

U se d e le ctric st a p le r s a n d u se d cot from the N orth E a s t In d e p e n ­ dent Scho o l D istric t w ill be sold b y auctio n on W e d n e sd a y , A p ril 27, 
1977 at 7: is p.m. 

 t h e sa le w ill be h a n d le d b v the 
B a rn e s A u ctio n C o m p q n v at the ir location at 26o1 South H a c k b e rry , 
So n Antonio. T h is a u c tio n is open to the p u b l i c _________________ _____ 

C A SH for H O M E S 
W e B u y H O M E S a nd E Q U IT IE S . 
H on est, E ffic ie n t, o n d F a s t S e r ­ vice. W e p a y al! C lo s in g C o sts. 
C all T o n y or B ern ice, 341 6136. 
S P E C IA , R E A L T O R S . 

5 C A S M F O R H O U S E S 5 
924-4288 To m G a r r is o n 696 3615 
C a sh for y o u r N o rth sid e equity 
L a r r y B orn eb e v34l-44 5S, 684 29o9 

IG L 
O N A W A N T A O 
THI N U M B I R TO C A L I 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
E X P R E S S A N O N E W S 

S CASUS 
F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
924-4331 
H U G H E S ES B R IS C O E 

FOR FAST RESULTS 
PLA CE T O U R W A N T A D 
IN THE E X PR E SS N E W S 
C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

I llI■■■■■■■ ■ 

 choup 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 
Sterling Burke........ 
Pete Cantu (North) . 
Pete Cantu (South) . 
Clara Belie Cattier. . 
Virginia Cervenka. . 
G ase -Baker............ 

8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 
736-4296 
532-75oo 
344-o225 
655-5131 
69o-8 99o 
Hodsdon & A ssociates 
674-3552 
Don Johnson (Northwest) . . 344-3o78 
Don Johnson (Loop 41o) . . 
828-8241 
Don Johnson (North Central) . . 
494-7711 
Don Johnson (N ortheast). . 
656-3441 
Bob Jones (N orth).............. 344-2341 
Bob Jones (South).............. 533-7163 
Randolph R e a lty ................ 658-53o1 
Dale R iley........................... 494-3541 
Sue W eem s & Associates 
826-o6o6 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio 

^RANDOLPH R EA LT Y ^ 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
658-53o1 
| 

UVE OAK V lllA G E 

 lovely 3-2-2 in mini condition 

Range, dishwasher, disposal, 

 water softener, large shady 

 corner lot 
Equity and $21o 

 month. 

UNIVERSAL CITY 

 immediate possession. Nice 3 

 bedroom, 
2 both home. 

S22.ooo 

NEAR RANDOLPH 

3 -1-1, living room, dining 

 room, kitchen combination All 

 appliances. 
Open terms. 

523,5oo 

HODSDON & ASSOC/ 
REALTORS 
67 4 -3 5 5 2 
^ 

OW NER NEEDS OFFER 

 let us show you this im­ 

 maculately mointed 
3 

 bedroom, 2 bath with double 

 garage, boded with extras, 

 separate living and family 

 rooms. 

VIRGINIA CERVENKA*^ 
REALTOR 
65 5-51 31 
^ 

WINDCREST 

Unbelievable 
2 bedroom, 
2 

 both, large country kitchen, 

 large living area 

WINDCREST 

Home Beautiful 4 bedroom, 

2' > bath, formal living-dining, 

 wet bor and central vacuum. 

CAMELOT 

Near Windsor 
Pork 
Moll, 
4 

 bedroom, 
2 1/? bath, den, 

 formal living and dining. 

^DON JOHNSON CO. 
NORTHWEST........ 344-3o71 
MORTH CENTRAL... 494-7711 
LOOR 41o............. 42o-o241 
. NORTHEAST .. 656-3441 
. 

SOM ETHING DIFFERENT 

4-2-2, great for lorge growing 

 family, quality throughout, 

 rock front 
New listing but 

 owners will listen to oil buyers. 

531,5oo 494-7711, nites 494 mo. 

PA N O RA M IC VIEW 

4 2 acres covered with trees. 

Minutes from UTSA, Medical 

School ond shopping centers. In 

 prestige oreo. 52o,SOO. 494- 

7711, nites 494 2163 

LEASE WITH OPTION TO 

BUY! 

3-2-2, Spanish with den ond 

 fireplace and covered patio. 

Has low equity and interest. 

Must sell 
S38,7oo. 656-3441, 

 nites 656 8178 

EXCEPTIONALLY NICE 

3-2-2 on o cul-de-sac, with 

 large fenced back yard. Many 

 extras includes electric garage 

 door opener Turbo vents ond 

 much more. 
531,5oo. 
656- 

3441, nites 656 8178 

GREAT LOCATION 

A nice, recently painted 3-2-1, 

 includes drapes, refrigerator, 

 central heat ond air ond other 

 extros. 
529,ooo. 
828-8241, 

 nites 656 8464 

OAK HULS 

Exceptionally dean and 

 spacious is this well built 3 

 bedroom home in a prestigious 

 oreo with numerous pleasing 

 features. You will find it well 

 priced at 557,9oo. 828-8241, 

 nites 65S-2437. 

W HISPERING OAKS 

Beautiful just listed 
4-3 2 

 home in prestige oreo Lorge 

 family room with fireplace. Tile 

 entry, mony built ins, lovely 

 moster bath. 
599,5oo. 
344- 

3o78, nites 341 1962. 

NORTHWEST SPECIAL! 

Sharp 
3 2'■6-2 with deluxe 

 pool, off a neat sun room ond 

 polio. Nicely decorated Electric 

 gorage door opener 558,ooo. 

344 3o78, nites 492.9917. 

^ GASE-BAKER ^ 
REACTOR 
6 9 o -8 9 9 o 

OW NER SAYS! 

Moke oHer I con t refuse ond 

 assume 
5173 monthly. 
3-2 

 with lorge den. Fully carpeted. 

YOU RE NOT DREAM ING! 

All brick 3-2 1 on corner lot, 

I carpeted, draped ond all ap 

 plionces. lee High School for 

S59oo equity. 

PETE CANTU 
I 
R E A L T O R 
Northside 73 6-42 96 
J 
Southside 53 2-75 oo j j j I 

IT S UKE NEW 

Roomy, 
5 room, remodeled 

 older home near schools ond 

 downtown. Only S I 5,95o. Coll 

735 1978 

BE A COOL SW IM M ER 

Lovely, modern home, 
3 

 bedrooms, 
2 baths. All the 

 latest gadgets, Beautiful pool. 

SSS,OOO. To see coll 735 3971. 

SUE WEEMS 
ASSOC., REALTORS 
82 6 -o 6 o 6 

KIRBY 
FIRST OFFERING 

Ifs time to be o home owner 
Heres the perfect starter home 
Beamed ceiling, Irving room, lorge carpeted family room, immaculate, 3 bedroom, landscaped fenced yard. 
Assume 
7 *4 % 
VA loon or refinance 524,5oo. 
826-o*o6 
826-6497 
BEL M EADE 

“ S t o n e ’s T h r o w T o 

Ft. S a m ’’ 

Spacious, sturdy 2 bedroom, 2 bath home with central heat ond air, enormous living, din ing room, family room with fireplace, maid s quarters, trees, lots of porking oreo 2o7 
Wyanoke. 826 o6o6. 826-3365. 

ALAM O HEIGHTS 
FIRST OFFERING 
You and your plants will love this huge cheery wood deck family room, modern kitchen, separate dining ond lorge liv­ ing room, central heal and nit, double garage Only 54o,ooo. 
826 o6o6 826-7995. 

CYPRESS U K E GARDENS 
FIRST OFFERING 
Recreation home or primary home 3 bedrooms, IV ) baths, large living area with voluted felling ond stone fireplace, electric kitchen, central heat- oir, fully furnished, on % acre. realistically priced ot S36.ooo. 
826-o6o6 826 6497. 

BOB JONES, REALTOR j NORTHSIDE............. 344-2341 
SOUTHSIDE............. 533-7163 

IMMACULATE 

2 bedroom, V h baths, brick 

 and frame, formal living room, 

 separate dining, completely 

 furnished, workshop with lots 

 of tools, riding mower, easy 

 lake LBJ access, 543,5oo. 

LOU FRY 
9 1 5 - 3 8 8 - 4 o 2 4 

BELLAIRE 

3 bedrooms, family room, lorge 

 fenced yord, 516,9oo 

ROBERTA WHIT! 533-7163, 333-8763 

LAKE BUCH ANAN 

I ? acres with 7oo ft lake front, 

 sandy beach, 4oo ft. paved 

 hwy., lots of trees, 569,75o 

LOU FRY 
9 1 5 - 3 8 8 - 4 o 2 4 

EVERYTHING YOU'VE 

WANTED 

A dream house available thru 

 owners transfer. 
Swimming 

 pool, built-in kitchen, double - - 

 cor gorage. master suite is 

 fabulous. Call 

S H E R R I E L E G N O N 

533-7163, 33 3-63 28 

W STERLING BURK? 11 
REALTORS few. 
834-63151 
^ 

OPEN HOUSE 

FIESTA CLOSE OUT 

2 ond 3 bedroom polio homes, 

 located on Hillside overlooking 

 city Take IH 35 then right on 

Judson Rd.; right on Fiddler s 

 green, then right again to 

 polio homes. OPEN from I -6 

SUNDAY. 

FIRST OFFERING 

Large 4 bedroom home within 

 walking distance of mall ond 

 elementary school, reosonable, 

 priced in perfect for the grow­ 

 ing fomily. 

CASTLE HILLS 

Don t bother unless you wont 

 lots of room! Ifs bigger than it 

 looks. Already has everything 

♦or versatile living. 
Not in­ 

 expensive! 

Sealed bids will be received by the 
City Clerk, City Holt, until 2-.oo April 
26, 1977, to furnish the City cf San 
Antonio ond Bexar County with the 
♦ollowdig items on annual controct basis .os pet bid forms in the 
Purchasing Department; 

Air 
Conditioning 
Main­ tenance 
• 
Porks ond 
Recreational Deportment; 
Bolts ond Screws; Briggs ond Stratton Parts ond 
Service; 
Ceramic 
Pave­ ment 
Marking 
Buttons; 
Comcenter 
Component 
Ports; Cushman, Jocobsen, 
Worthington, Kohler, Ryan ond Sodmaster Ports ond 
Service,- Oevere, Kut Quik ond 
Yazoo 
Parts ond 
Service; 
Dust 
Control 
Service; 
EKG 
Electrodes, 
Emergency Medical Sup plies; 
General 
Electric 
Communications 
Equip men! Ports, Gravely Trac­ tor 
Parts cmd 
Service; 
Hood 
Wipers; 
Janitorial 
Service, Key Blanks; Knife ond Saw Sharpening; Ii quid Chlorine; Locksmith 
Service; 
Manhole 
Rings ond Covers; Offset Sup- plies - Miscellaneous; 
Ox ygen, 
Acetylene and 
Welding Supplies, Portable 
Chemical Toilets; Prefilled 
Disposable 
Syringes w needle; 
Red 
Burning fusees, 
Reflective 
Materials; 
Rosemon, 
Cooper, Roof ond Clinton 
Ports and Service; Sewer 
Rods ond Supplies. Sterile 
Disposable 
Syringes; 
Street 
Marking 
Point; 
Sweeper Brooms, Telecore 
Ports; 3M Camera Plate 
Supplies; Toro ond West 
Point Ports ond Service; 
Water Softener Salt, Wip­ ing Rags; Work Uniforms; 
Offset 
Negatives ond 
Halftones. 

JOHN W. BROOKS, CPO 

Director of Purchasing 

 and Central Supply 

E X C L U S I V E m e m B E R 
Relocating? 

Call us for current listings of homes for sale in YOUR des­ tination city! Why wonder what's available there — we can have the facts at your fingertips .. . quickly. 
Call today! 

REALTORS 

3 4 9 - 1 4 3 6 

W E B U Y H O M E S 
F a s t C a sh . N o C lo sin g C ost 
L o H o m a P ro p e rtie s, Inc. 
__________ 349-2*79 

WE'LL BHY YOUR HOME o r lot for cash. F a s t se rv ic e . W ill trade. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 
W H Y P A Y R E N T ? O w n y o u r ow n h om e , no d o w n p a y m e n t to a n ­ yone! P a y m e n ts le ss thon rent 
L lo y d M o n tg o m e ry 
*58-18o6 
W ill p a y h ig h d o lla r tor h o u se s, e v e n ll b u r n t o u t o r n e e d in g rep a irs. A n y size, a n y kind, a n y w h e re . P a -C o , 6459 O ld H w y 9o 
West, 673-2573 o r 533 9o98. 

2o2 - HoUS(S OPEN 

A la m o H e ig h t s , b y o w n e r, 112 
Cloverleaf, 2— S P M . 4 b ed roo m , 3 bath, c en tra l air-heat, pool, 2J4o sq.ft. 557,5oo. N o a ge n ts pleose. 

VA SALES LISTINGS 
Equal Housing Opportunity 

2135o 
5515 Indian Pipe 
517,9oo 

A l 
R 85o 
J I O 

Statement required, ownership ond operability of refrigerator ond range and oven ond window air condition, ers unknown. 

Subject to chonge in price, prior sole or withdrawal at any time without notice Offers to purchase will not be accepted where the broker has foiled to submit to VA 
o signed copy of VA Forms 26- 
8183 
Joint 
HUO VA non­ discrimination certification. The hest qualified offer will be ac cepled from those received within 
4 work days of the public ap­ pearance of the initial or revised listing Soles commission on 5co 
o* sales, povoble on dosing. 

OFFERS RECEIVED 

Correction from 4-22-77; 

347717 Williams J&J 
NEW BUSINESS 

329o97/Epstein -Amniega -Buentello 
193o2 J&J 

21558 Family 
34277o. Briscoe 
OFFERS ACCEPTED 

15867 McVey 
3o1853 J8 J 

2o853 'Epstein 

313164 Johnson 

CODED FOR BROKERS ONLY 

INSTRUCTORS 
NEEDED 

HAVE YOU ALW AYS 
DREAMED OF 
T t if M IN r t ? 

N O W IS YOUR CHANCE! 

A" Reputable 
Real 
Estate 
School, approved by the 
Texas Stole Real Estate Com mission, is coming to San An­ tonio SOON! We will hove 
Day 8 Evening dosses to meet with your schedule. We will offer homing to’ those who require it. 
Contact David Rosow: 
675-95oo 

WANTED: 
One story duplex near! 
North Stat Mall or Central 
Park. $4o,ooo to $45,ooo, 
,will poy cash. Call Frank! 
Rotondi 
691-1121, 
Nites I 
344-1932. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

A L L B R IC K 3 b e d ro o m 1’ j bath 
H O M E B U IL T O N Y O U R L O T 
516,95o IO U G o rd in a off W. A v e 
S P E C I A B U I L D E R S Inc.349-1491 

434 OMFTWIND 
O P E N 2-6 P M 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, 2 c a r g a ra g e , la r g e fa m ily ro o m , e n te r W in d ­ c re st on C ro s sw in d , se e a b e a u ­ tiful q u a lity hom e. 566,ooo 
655 6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 
Morton Southwest Beatty 
655-2754 

49o5 LATHEA 
O P E N 2-6 P M 
O ff B a n d e r a R d . A n ic e q u ie t n e ig h b o r h o o d . 3 b e d r o o m s , 2 baths, 2 c a r ga ra g e . L a r g e liv in g are o s, m a n y built-ins. M u s t see to app recia te 
Reese H enry 
Realtor 
655-3584 Nites 
653-7791 

5619 LON CHANEY 
O P E N 1-5 
L o v e ly O a k H ills T e rra ce . Hilltop hom e n ear school. 4-2-2, den p lu s se p a ra te liv in g area. B e a u tifu l y a r d , c o v e r e d p a tio , e n io y the view . 542,5oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O t L I D A Y 
681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

• E Q U IT Y W A N T E D 
P A Y 52,5oo 
C A S H F O R E Q U IT Y IN O L D E R 
H O M E 
N E E D I N G R E P A I R S . 
A S K F O R A D O L P H 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433-3295 o r 828-4817 H IT E S . 

I M M E D I A T E C A S H 
F o r Y o u r H o m e W e p a y all c lo s­ in g costs! W e also la k e trades. 
Call 
494-5571 
635 8474 
532-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
N O D O W N P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y ! G o v e r n ­ m ent a c q u ire d p rop erties. 3-4 b e ­ d r o o m s , 2 b a t h h o m e in g o o d a re a s. C o ll tod a y for details. 
R E A L T O R 
*91-13oo 

M ‘ 
W HY LIST 
M 
YOUR HOME 
FOR 9o D AYS??? 
L e t p-e m a k e y o u a (a s h offe r, o p d o lla r p a id (o r y o u r . m o o r e q u ity a n d I, w ill po{r all c lo sin g cost. 
P ro m p t o n d efficie n t l e r v - iee. Y o u r M o n e y o n Title 
C h e ck! B r o k e r a n d a tto r­ n e y le a d s p a id ! 

C 
A 
D 
C 
3 4 9 -6531 
S . A 
. K . E . 24 Ho irs 

P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
W e only c h a rg e 53oo c o m m issio n fo r s e l l i n g h o m e s C H A R L E S 
W A T T S R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-53S5, 228-91o4. 

O P E N H O U S E 12-S 
B r ic k C o lo n ia l off P e r r in B ed el. 
! 3-2-2, u n d e r 54o,ooo. 1141o B a ro e s woad. 653-2356 

Century 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG & A S S O C . 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 
A n y o n e c o n b uy. V e ts d o n 't u se th e ir e lig ib ility 
3-4 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, so m e w ith a ir a n d all a p ­ p lian ce s. P a y m e n ts le ss th a n rent 
B O B O e P A O L O 
; 344-3o91_________________ R E A L T O R 

S E L L I N G Y O U R O W N H O M E ? ? 
N ee d action n o w ? L ist it with 
H a rt M c C o r m ic k R e alto r 344-5564 

W ante d to b u y : Sm o ll equ ities in 
N o rth sid e hom e. U n d e r 52,ooo. N o a ge n ts pleose. 337-6613 

TH! N U M B I B TO C A U 
IS 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
I X P R t SS A N O N I W 5 

O P E N H O U S E 2-7 
' 
5115 DONNA 
I Je ffe rso n Scho o l a re a 
C o rse te d 
3-2-2 with fire p la ce a n d m o st ap phances. 12x12 g re e n h o u se Total price 
538,ooo. 
828-8195 
R E A L T O R S 
RED CARPET 

O P E N H O U S E 
413o HUNTING PATH 
3-2-2, open te rm s 
3— 5 :3 o P M S U N D A Y 
M A R T I N E Z R E A L T O R S 684 o7S3 
O P E N H O U S E 
8219 J O E D IM A G G IO 
S U N D A Y A P R I L 24 1 - S P M 
*75-2152 

RED CARPET 
__________R E A L T O R S 

O P E N H O U SE T-5 
2o27 O A K S H IR E * Sp a n ish hacie n ­ da, 3-2-2, g ia n t m a ste r b e d ro o m su ite , c o u r t y a r d . D o u b le (a c e f ir e p la c e . L o t s o f la r g e t r e e s 
554,9oo. 656 1234 

RED CARPET 

CONTEMPRANEOUS 

INCREDIBLY LOVELY— 
THIS MELODY 
OF THE NEW AND THE OLD synchronizing its' harmonious tones throughout this superbly built home with its' flexible ffaor pion. 
{CONSTRUCTION BEING COMPLETED). Amenities that you have dreamed of owning and includes many that you could not have imagined Do see 
81o7 COUNTRYSIDE 
“ A BILL A LTEB M A NN CLASSIC" 
OPEN 1 -5 DAILY 
A la m o H ts School 
St. M a r y ’s H all 
E. o f N acog doches Rd. to C o u n try Lane 
$ 2 7 5 ,o o o 
FRANCES LEVENSON, REALTOR 
2 2 5 -2 3 9 8 
A N Y TIM E 
7 3 2 -4 9 5 1 lf yo u a re in the m a rk e t to bu ild , w e w o u ld b e d e lig h te d to discuss this w ith you. 

....■ J 
WINDCREST 
TENNIS, ANYONE? 
Play Tennis or Swim ir. Your Own Backyard 

That s right— a full-sized professionally built tennis court, plus a 16x35 heated pool. The 4 bedroom, 3 '/i bath custom-built home is professionally decorated and loaded with extras. For appointment to see, Call Chic 
Ashby 6 55 -o 7 o 7 , 6 55 8828. 

TERRELL HILLS 
OPEN HOUSE 
36o Elizabeth Rd. • Sunday 1-6 

Elegant and luxury keynote the charming home in a park like setting, giant trees grace more than I acre. “ Loco tion tops, condition immaculate". 

■ 4 Bedrooms ■ 3 Baths ■ 3 fireplaces ■ U nfa Rooms ■ 
High ceilings ■ Custom drapes ■ Many built ins ■ Room to room and ample space for swimming pool and tennis court ■ 
Sweeping circular drive. 
S h o w n e x c lu s iv e ly b y m ortem 
S how n e xc lu s iv ely b y ii ill l l | S a i,th V V f’ S t 
8 2 6 -7 6 6 8 
I III IB 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 e r g v s a v i n g 
HOMES 
E G E N C Y 

 living in today's style by saving 3o% energy for the future This native rock maximum insulated home located on I acre of oaks with energy saving devices throughout has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 ear garage with extra loft area, family area, wetbar, all prepared kitchen and in­ tercom throughout 
OPEN S U N D A Y 1 -5 
3 4 1 - 7 o 5 7 
W . F. LACKEY & ASSOCIATES 
CHUCK4SHBY 

WE CAN’T BEGIN TO TELL YOU 
The many features in this custom-built 4 bedroom, 2 story home. Located on 13.5 acres with magnificent view. Large open liv­ ing area with massive rock fireplace. O ld ­ fashioned country kitchen with butcher-bloek bar, desk and built-ins. 17x14 gameroom, spiral staircase, barn, corral, stock tank plus separate garage and workshop. 
658-6211 

EXECUTIVE COUNTRY ESTATES 
WINDCREST 
7o6 WEATHERLY 

OPEN SUNDAY l l A .M . TO 6 P J I 

* I acre * 3 bedroom * wood burning fireplace * covered patio * many extras * quiet country living with all the city conveniences * no city taxes * one of a kind 
♦ wooded lot * purchase before price increase * a bargain $ 62 ,8o o 
VA financing available, 

Call TO M H O T M A N 
684-3113 
1 6 4 6 ROB ROY 

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! 
Owner-broker must sell fabulous 
Northside, 4 bedroom all rock house on 5 tree studded acres. Extras in­ clude out building and horse facilities. 
Better hurry on this one at $76,5o o. 
Brokers protected. 
John Philpott 342-48o8 

 spectacular and comfortable describes this 3 bedroom home in OAK 
CREEK — Near Medical Center and USAA. This unique home features game room with bar, large master bedroom, covered patio overlooking 

 wooded yard And much more. Priced at $98,5oo 
684-433o 344-62o7 
4 bedroom, 2Vj bath, all brick home with SUPER floor- plan. Including a split-bedroom arrangement. Flee form 
Gary 
Pool, with unique landscaping for privacy. 
$79,ooo 

 u s - H o m e ' l 
Deanie Owens Co 
R e a lto r — MLS 
REAL ESTATE 
8 2 4 -o 5 4 1 of Central Texas 

M A G N IF IC E N T CITY ESTATE AVAILABLE 
Approx. I acre of walled privacy enclosing formal gardens with large fountain and heated swimming pool. The garden area has 3 separate en team ing pavilions with a wet bar capability. A Mediterranean residence bos been completely restored and modernized The mom floor has a forge tiled front terrace with a caststone balustrade, arch cloister ond 
. morble fountain; a formal living room with cast-stone ond gromte fireplace, oak paneled dining room, large solarium with marble fountain. 
A bar with ceiling mural, butler's pantry, totally new kitchen ond powder 

 y ,|oom. In each room unusually fine attention has been given to elaborate ceiling ond crown mommas, unique plaster and stone castings and marble accents. Mid level is a child's stateroom styled bedroom, the 
J 2nd floor has a front balcony plus 3 bedrooms and 2 baths in addition to o master bedroom ond bath. Elevator serves 1st, and 2nd. floors. Utility r room in basement. New zoned central heat and air ond central vacuum cleaning system, new electrically tijed sprinkler system thruout estate 3 
Im cor garage plus quarters consisting of living room, kitchen, bedroom and 
^ bath. Inquiries invited and will be kept confidential. 
224-6895 'til 4:3o weekdays 
822-5675 after 4:3o & weekends 

7833 GRASS HOLLOW 
UVE OAK VILLAGE 

Great neighborhood, convenient to schools and shopping. 
Comfortable two story, 4 bedroom, 2 bath, double car goroge. Sunken living room. Two bedrooms downstaith bath. Sole price $37,ooo. Can be sold on new VA loon with no down payment. 

COUNTRY ESTATE 

OPEN IO AM -6 PM DAILY TIL SOLD 
17o4 AUTUMN WOODS 
HERITAGE PARK 
OPEN NOON TIL 6 lovely new 3 bedroom home, large master suite, separate from other bedrooms, family style kitchen with microwave oven. 
28 ft. den heavily beamed with cathedral ceiling, come early and pick your color of carpet and wallpaper. $47 ,25 o . 
Take San Pedro to Brookhollow, first right past Hiemer 

Truly A Home O f Distinction 
TERRELL HILLS 
SP 
^HBh WB wBb WBWEB iMi WB 
WWWB WwW^ 

We offer this 4 bedroom, 3 bath home in TERRELL HILLS. 
Beautiful condition. Priced Reduced. 
Coli for More details 822-33o1 
HARTMAN, REALTORS 

5 bedroom, 3 both, 3 car garage, deluxe swimming pool, split level, 3 6 o o sq. ft. living space, rock and cedar. 4 tree covered acres. 3o x 8o ft. steel building 
Just 15 minutes north in STAGECOACH HILLS. Almost vacant, start moving. 
658-3535 
Deanie Owens Co 
R ealtor —- M IS 
R andolp Ole. 
BILL PRICE REALTY 
698-21o7 
349-26o7 
COMPASS REALTY 

C O V E LO 
PATIO 

BEAMED 
FAMILY 

ROOM 
ItRKFST. 

KITCHEN 

I;!> , , V. 
5 MODEL HOMES FOR SATE 
C o n ven tio n al 5 % D ow n 
W e H a v e S e v e ra l 3 B ed ro om Plans 
ALL HOMES FEATURE: is 
1oo% Brick Construction^ 
Handcrafted Wood- burning Fireplace \S Energy \S Saving Package is 
Carpet \S Central heat air \S Deluxe Magic Chief oil 
Electric Kitchen \S 2 Car Garage 

OPEN 9 - 9 
W O O D S TO N E 
CALL JO H N G ILLIA M 6 5 6 - 5 4 7 4 

171o FARHA VEN 
ADAMS HILL 
9719 FIVE FORKS 
11534 WHISPER BREEZE 
WHISPERING OAKS 
OPEN 2:3o TO 5:3o SUNDAY 

Prestige Executive home, 4 bedrooms with game room, swimming pool. 
ONLY Th YEARS OLD. $1 1o.ooo. 
6 9 6 -1 4 1 2 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

JUST ARRIVED O N THE MARKET! 

A beautiful home with country atmosphere. Featuring 3 large bedrooms, 2 decorative baths, family sized living area with brick fireplace, formal dining and split covered patio. On a 9 ox13o ft. corner treed lot Believe it or not, only $ 57,8oo! 
IN SUMMIT OAKS 

The price has been drastically reduced on this luxurious 
4 bedroom, 2'/* both home. Fully equipped kitchen, carpeting thruout, fireplace ond a 28x39 heated pool. 
Open Terms. 
On Two Acres W ooded Land • 2 4 o o sq ft. Living area 
• Two Separate Central Air Units • See at 2 2 3 1 o Cielo 
Vista • North on 1H IO to Leon Springs Exit then Under 
IH IO left on Access Rd. to Cielo Vista. 
Total Price $59,75o 
UUo/ 
Swinney Co.492-1o72or ssa o29o 

CALI 673-5o83 ANYTIM E 

WORLD WIDE REALTY u s - H o m e 

REALTORS o f C e ntral Texas 

O W N A. . . 
MIKE KINDER ORIGINAL 
IN 

OAK V A H EY - O AK CREEK NW 

WINDCREST - 5 BEDROOMS 

A truly elegant family home designed for gracious living. 
Custom drapes, professional landscaping, fruit trees, lawn sprinkler system, ADT burglar-smoke-fire alarm, glass enclosed patio, garden storage building and more. 
See ond compare at $ 8 7 ,5 o o 

INTEREST RATES ARE 
GOING UP! 8!/2% TO 83/4%! 
Lumber, labor, etc. going up to! Buy now! 9 models open daily! $ 7 9 ,5 o o to $1 15,ooo! 
Trade your home for the down payment! 5-4- 
3 bedrooms, 4-3 baths. 
9 models open daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Our Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. jK i6 e % i*4 e *' Sudden 
696-833o 
___ 

CORNER LOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for an ideal home loaded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings and privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast bar ore eye catchers, and the exclusive energy package makes this a great find in TA N G LEW O O D with a VA price 
$42,6oo! 

DOWN HOME LIVING ON CUL-DE-SAC 
Cathedral Ceilings 
Olympia — 8414 Delphian 

This traditional style home is formal ond elegant on quiet cul-de-sac with roses and many trees. 4 bedrooms with 2 full baths. 
Privacy fence and 2 cai automatic garage. 
$52,185. No Agents Please. For appointment, 

6131 PECAN TRAIL You'll love the cathedral ceilings ond fireplace, in this spacious TANGLEWOOD HOME. Perfect for entertaining, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, privacy fence odds the finishing touch. $39,6oo 
824-2385 John Mathis 653-7ooo 

. 
8 2 4 - 2 3 8 5 
6 5 3 - 7 o o o j j T j i 
JO H N M ATHIS 
L l s s e i t z & a s s o c . , 
REALTORS 
Ray Ellison 
Bomos 
Homes 
REALTOR 

SUBURBAN HOMES 
New custom built homes in new sub-division. 
All masonry, highly restricted orea. 3 bedrooms, 2 complete baths, large paneled living area, all electric kitchen with built-in range and dishwasher. Carpeted thru-out, central air and heat, double attached garage. 
PRICED: $34,5oo 
NEW CUSTOM DESIGNED HOME 

* . * > » ■ » 
- ...... 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 

117o 3 SPRING SHADOW 

On 1.3 acres of land with large oak trees, 185o sq. ft. of living area plus double attached garage with electric door. Large paneled family room with fireplace, all elec­ tric kitchen with built-in range and dishwasher. 
3 bedrooms, 2 complete baths, shag carpet thruout, cen­ tral air and heat, located just west of Pleasanton city limits on paved street, city water. 
PRICED: $43,ooo 
HAVERLAH REAL ESTATE 
C orner H ig h w a y 281 & G o o d w in St. 
P le a s an to n , Texas 
Teleph one 
San A n to n io : 
6 2 6 -2 1 1 1 
P leasan to n ; 
5 6 9 -2 5 2 7 
5 6 9 - 2 4 8 7 
5 6 9 - 2 o 2 8 

WINDCREST 

8 7 1 o SPANISH MOSS 

OPEN SUNDAY l l TO 6 P.M. 

This new d bedroom, 3 both home is waiting Your selec­ tion light fixtures and carpet, 3 o o o sq ft. of living arco 
• located on a beautiful lot. (room for a pool). Thermo glassed sun room, Roman master bath - just some of the extras. Come by see the rest. 

OWNERS ARE ANXIOUS 
NEAR BROOKHOLLOW and have reduced the price on this spotless 5 bedroom executive French Chateau in laurel Hills, There is a bonus room for an office ar playroom. This home bos a large family room with fireplace PLUS formal living and dining rooms Custom drapes are included and there is a screened patio for entertaining This 2 4 o o sq ft. of lux­ ury is $ 61 ,9o o . 

6 9 9 - 1 1 3 3 
REALTORS 
3 4 1 - 5 4 2 3 

Live within walking distance of pools and tennis courts, while the children walk to school daily from this lovely home featuring Spanish archs, at an affordable VA price cf $36,8oo. This one has on exclusive energy package to boot in beautiful BABCOCK NORTH. 

3-2-2, on 
'/2-acres of oak trees, 
2,2oo sq. ft. of comfortable living, huge den, fireplace. All brick. Sale price. $ 5 3 ,o o o . 
Ray Ellison 

WmammA R O X U 1 
DALCO 
HALLMARK PROPERTIES 
6 8 1 -o 1 5 3 
684-33 
FEAL ESTATE 
8 2 4 -o 5 4 1 

San Antonio bXPRfcSS-NtWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

P a g e I O C 
I— 
----------------------- 
^ 
San Antonio LXPRES5 -N E W S — Sunday April 24 I V / / 

 a i BKI S B M MllCf S 
2o1' RIAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 RUI BUTI NOTICES 

HOUSES OPEN 

Buying or Selfing? 

K n o w Your REALTOR 

D oin g much more than helping you buy a n d sell real estate ... your 
Realtor is your voice in m any forums ... sp eaking out in behalf of p r o ­ perty owners, alw ays with your best interests in mind. O n matters of land u sa g e planning, taxation, industrial expansion, m aintaining p r o ­ perty values, urban improvements a n d governm ent relations, your 
Realtor is your spokesm an. Alw ays as close as your telephone, he is waiting to discuss real estate matters with you at a n y time. 

See one of these p rofessionals for all your real estate transactions. 

(This is a partial list of R EA LT O RS ‘‘in a n d a r o u n d ” San A n to n io 

ADAM S, KEIFER & MCBRIDE 
4414 Centerview Or Suite 219 
733 8182 

FRANCES AITGELT REALTY 
M e 8 Ted o Neill 
876 847o 

ASSOCIATED REALTY 
3 Convenient locations 
824 1477 

BASSE-WEILBACHER, REALTORS 
Independents —giving personalized service 
349 1436 
111o2 West Ave 

VERN BOSTER 
2214 Cincinnati 
734 7o31 

DON BOUCHELLE & CO. INC. 
1259 Jackson Keller 
3414666 

CENTURY 21 DelANEY REALTY 
7433 Austin Hwy 
653 OSSO 

CENTURY 21— ELAINE LUDWIG 
& ASSOCIATES 
87o3 Wurzbach Rd. 
691 13oo 

CENTURY 2 1 — BILL PARKINS 
REALTY 
4o3S Naco Perrin 
6S3 8131 

CENTURY 2 1 - R . R. RANSOM 
REALTY 
74oS Hwy. 9o West 
673 77o1 

CENTURY 21 GLASCOCK 
ASSOCIATES 
6176 Montgomery Dr 
6S6 7717 
13337 Son Pedio 
494 I9SI 

CENTURY 21-MONEYSAVERS 
REALTY 
12177 ll Sendero 
6S6 742o 

CENTURY 21 SCHNEIDER REALTY 
6733 Ivets Rd . Ste A 
684 72oo 
(leon Valley) 

CENTURY 21-STEVENS-ROHDE 
81 SI Broadway 
828 5544 

CENTURY 21 WHITEHEAD- 
HOLLIDAY 
S838 Joiner 
11785 West Ave 
7217 Bandera Rd 

684 3711 
341 7115 
681 o3oo 

CENTURY 21 NATIONAL REAL 

ESTATE 
5o34 Military Dr W 
6/4 4411 
/o47 Military Cl W 
674 7717 

EDYTHE B. COOPER, REALTOR 

142 W Rhapsody 
341 3176, 341 1867 

CORNELIUS & ASSOCIATES 
4412 Rittimon 
878 6343 

NELSON CORY, REALTORS 
31o West Sunset Road 
874 4571 

DALCO REAL ESTATE 
912 Oblate 
824 69oo 

FAMILY REALTY 
3o26 Hillcrest 
732 8111 

BILLY FELLOWS & ASSOCS. 
1o225 Ironside 
69o 922o 

JOHN FLOURNOY CO. REALTORS 
14o7 Jackson Keller 
341 72o1 

G. G. GALE 
15315 San Pedro 
494 5237 

C. M. FURR CO. 
C J Ondrusek, Realtor 
733 7141 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o Colony 
696 1412 

TOM GARRISON, REALTOR 
666 S W Military Or. 
974 4288 

GREAT AMERICA REALTOR 
42o4 Gardendale 
69o 98o2 

REESE HENRY, REALTOR 
11626 ll Sendeio 
655 3584 

H & H REALTY 
96o4 Fredericksburg Rd 
736 1918 

JONES-KING REALTY 
53o7 Broadway 
876 2439 

CENTURY 21 DOUGLAS REAL 

ESTATE 
833 Bandera Rd 
434 3185 

KELLY REALTY 
3633 Culebra 
433-6645 

BEULAH MAE KELLER & ASSOC. 
726 Windsor 
736 oo15 

BOB MCGINNIS REALTORS 
525o Fredericksburg Rd 
349 1121 

MARTINEZ REALTORS 
6539 Bandera 
684 o753 

MONTE VISTA REALTY 
1481 Huisache 
735 o485 

MORTON SOUTHWEST REALTY 
11612 Perrin Bedel 
655 6848 

NAYLOR REALTY 
"T h e G a llery 
O f H o m e s ” 
9967 Wurzbach 
6911121 
5439 Walze Rd. 
656 552o 

STRAUDER NELSON REALTY 
Olmos at McCullough 
828 5671 

NORTH LOOP, INC., REALTORS 
748 B Rittimon Rd 
828-5636 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
Austin Hwy Ofc 
874 2391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Bandera Rd. Ole. 
684 433o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Blanco Rd Oft 
349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Jefferson Ofc 
736 4476 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS lockhill Selma Ofc. 
349-3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
North Centro! Ofc 
349 5111 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N I loop Ofc 
878 6391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
N West Oft 
344 62o7 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Perrin Bedel Ofc. 
656 3ooo 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
Security Service Oft 
673 2271 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
SC OFFICE 
532 5245 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
5 W Office 
675 785o 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 
So Central Oft. 
924 7311 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
751o Broadway 
827 1154 

THELMA B. PREISSMAN 
75o4 Nacogdoches 
826 2347 

REQUA REALTY CO. 
51o8 Broodway 
824 45o7 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
9ooo Wurzbach Suite 7o2 
696 533o 

RED CARPET 
21o1 lockhill Selma 
342 3111 

RED CARPET 
81o7 Roughrider Wolzem 
653 6364 

RED CARPET, REALTORS 

1727 Babcock at Callaghan 
341 4484 

RED CARPET 

7515 Nacogdoches Rd Suite A 
878 8195 

DIXIE ROSE, REALTOR 
5679 Broadway 
824 7334, Anytime 

SAN ANTONIO REAL ESTATE 
3231 West Ave 
349 6531 

SANDISON REALTY 
3521 Oak Gate 
699 92o1 

SEITZ & ASSOCIATES, REALTORS 
"See Seitz for Homesdes" 
824-2385 

COY J. SIM M O NS 
123 I. Wright Blvd 
Universal City 
. 658-6231 

SNECKNER & ASSOCIATES 
7274 Blanco 
342 52 U 

TERRILL REALTY 
5748 Wurzbach 
684 6444 

THE HOME MART, INC. 
215o Austin Hwy 
655 12o1 

In San A n to n io , the Fiesta C ity M a y 8 to 14 

 th c m a d an lessee/Irn* cst for oil time/ 

REA LTO R ' 

2o2 HOUSES OPED 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 2o2 MIOSIS PPH 

* ST O P ★ LOOK * COMPARE * 
☆ ALL BRICK HOME ☆ 
$1 6,95o 
/ o u r 1 LOT 
3 B e d ro o m — I Vi B a th s 
W e also build la rge r h o u s e s . 

 s j m t k t .. 

 g p m 
“ inline-. ■ 

 ttHaK-'rwruatw*"- 

M o d e l H o m e — 
1o11 G o rd in a 
(O ff 3 o o o Block W e st A v e .) 

Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
W e A lso D o R em o d eling & Fireplaces 
3 4 9 -1 4 9 1 
3 4 1 -o o 1 6 
591 7 San Pedro 
S p e c ia B u il d e r s , In c . 

TERRELL HILLS 
O P E N H O U SE 
36o Elizabeth Rd. * Sunday I >6 

Elegant a n d lu xu ry keynote this ch a rm in g 

 hom e in a pa rk like setting, gia nt trees .grace 

 m ore than I acre. “ Lacation-top s; condition- 

 im m a c u la te ". 

■ 4 B ed ro o m s ■ 3 Baths Bi 3 Fireplaces H la r g e R oo m s ■ H igh ceilings ■ C u sto m d ra p e s 

HI M a n y built-ins ■ R oom to roa m a n d am p le space for sw im m ing p o o l a n d tennis court ■ 

S w e e p in g circular drive. 

S h o w n e x clu siv e ly b y m m t u n h u u t h w i ' s l 

 r e u l t t j 

655-6848 
826-7668 

I 
I 
I 

 bet 
A 
Cor 
L r 

O P E N 1 o - T IL D A R K 
M E L T O N G E O R G E E N T O F F E R S : 
P R E S T IG IO U S H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
S p a cio u s 1 / 2 a c re lots w ith n a tiv e o a k s low , lo w ra jie s-s u p e rio r q u a lity c o n stru c tio n -b e a u tifu l fin ish in g w ork . 
IG I 
S H A O Y TR IA L - 4 sp a cio u s b e d ro o m R a n ch h o u se , 7 baths, v e ry large a rua, w o o d ro o f sid e e n try g a ra g e 
1 3 7 R ID G E T R A IL - e le g a n t J b e d ro o m T ra d itio n a l h o m e , all 

» t i 
----T 
_ 
* 
* ■ * "w n in n o u n ’, i. 
I liv in g a re a w ith fire p la ce u n iq u e b re a k fa s t j u d o e n try g a r a g i o n q u ie t cul-d* -sac. 

“ ’T 
* r? om J a n '1 d ' " ' n n urn. lo rg e d i n '^ . 'i h io”r- n or fire p lace , w o o d roof, sid e e n try g a ra g e . 

, l i n 
B > O S S O M H IL L S E X E C U T IV E A R E A 
I 
J 
C A S S IA W A Y - W O W ! W h a t a C o n te m p o ra ry 
3 o * 1 5 d e n w ith c o m e r fire p la ce , la rg e w e ) bar, ce ilin g all C h e ro o t bre e ,h in t* a re a , d in in g ro o m a n d kitch e n all h o v e o u tsid e e x ­ p o su re . m a g n ific e n t file ro o f, c o m p le te fh i* e n te rta in in g h o m e 
Pick y o u r o w n co lo r*. 
" 

H E R IT A G E P A R K 

1 7 o 4 A U T U M N W O O D - 1 4 2 1 1 S U Z Y C B fS T 
A ll the d u a lity yOM t in p o t to find in th#* 7 o s • 1 - 3 b e d ro o m h o m e s n o w r e a d y for o c cu p a n c y a n d p rice d in the 4 o I 
C o m e se e h a w m u ch y o u r m o n e y can b u y 

494-16o1 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 3o12 

SELL-OUT SEASON AT OAKS NORTHWEST 

3 bedroom , 3'/? both with leisure gam eroom 
Fiteplaced living N atural atm osphere with oak-studded countryside sur roundings. 5 5 5 , 9 5 o 

O u t Fredericksburg Rd. off Denore. 

O p e n D a ily I I to 5 

6 9 9 - 9 2 o 1 
SA N D ISO N REALTY 

 f 
R E A L E S T A T E 
J ( 
H S 

 r 
~ 
41 s 

Horn •» o 
? 
Mom** 
Norttiwmt 
N o rth e rn * a i s 
| 
2 1 ° 

& 

 i d i ! . . M W 9 o v t C O M M £ t c i 

H om e s 
Sou th w est 
216 

H o m e * 
Southeast 

2 M 

U P t N S U N 2 TO 6 
OAK H o llo w ESTATES 
2o22 PINI TNH two minter bediooms, in this 4 bedroom, 
3*6 bath beauty, elegance, comfort and room to spieud out 
NORIHIRN Hills 
13923 BRAYS FOREST 
Ibis beuutiful custom built 3 2 2 home on a que! col de sac won I lost 
Priced in the 3o s large single living uieu and custom drupes ihioughout Hurry" 
349-5111 or 349-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
HAITORS— MIS 

N Central Ofc, 

O P E N S U N 3 T O 6 
331o COLONY DRIVE 
Just listed, 3 bedrooms- 2 bath­ rooms, Priced to sell 
699 1ooo A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Turtle Creek Ole 
* 

OPEN SUN 2 TO 6 
44o6 WALNUT W OODS 
IN WOODS OF SHAVANO, just listed 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, two story white brick on cul- de-sac. Trees, split bedroom arrangement, fireplace in large den. $58,2oo. 

43o3 VALLEY BROOK 
IN 
TWIN 
CREEK, 
Brick and cedar 4-2-2 with split bed room arrangement, fireplace in laige family room. Excellent assumption. $38,9oo. 

38o3 LOMITA 
IN MISSION TRACE, This free standing 
3-2-2 beauty has stunning high cathedral ceil­ ings in family room with toll elegant custom draped win­ dows. $58,75o. 

43o1 & 43o7 MURFIELD 
IN THE VILLAGE IN O AK H ills, 
Beautiful 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, large family rooms with fire­ place. Wet bors and clubhouse and two community pools, 
$79,5oo, and $78,5oo. 

82o2 WHITE OAK 
GREENBRIAR AREA, lovely cor­ ner lot with trees, vegetable garden, fenced yard, and large covered polio. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, entire property im­ maculate. $32,9oo 

2o7 E. WOODLAKE DR. 
See this exceptionally clean well built home in prestigious 
OAK 
HlllS. 
A spacious 
3 bedroom delight with lorge family room, sprinkler system and other extras. $57,9oo. 

64o2 HANDSOME LAKE 
3-2 2 with courtyard on corner lot. Walk in closets, Iw o living areas, fireplace, immediate oc­ cupancy. $45,ooo. 

6747 SPRING ROSE 
4 2 2 with courtyard, country kitchen, custom drapes and lots ol closets $31,5oo. 

3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
4 9 4 -7 7 1 1 
6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 5 

414 E. HILDEBRAND 
H istorical Area, fantastic * be dfoom. 2 'j bath with converted ga ra g e to playro o m Secluded bode yard with lovely old trees. 
Rem odeled kitchen with m icro wove oven. 
C O M E 
S E E 
IT 
T O D A Y !!! 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A C T O R S P e r r i n B e d e l OH 

O P E N 2 -6 P M 
8273 Banbury 3 big bedroom s, lorge single living area home bn cal de sac, P ric e d at $38,35o 
D r iv e out w a lt/e m to M o n t ­ gomery. past Windsor Park Matt 
Niles ASS I lev 
Century 21 
M AP R E S E R 4S14I87 Anytime 

IM I N u d n i k to C A H 
IS 2 7 S I UUU 
Ix e w i S S A N O N I W S 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 4 

8411 GOLDSTAR 
Custom built 
One ol a kind in 
Prestigious Northern Mills, over 
236o sa ft Walk to Recreational and d u b house fu tilitie s. Too mony extras to list 
Colt tor details 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L TO RS Perrin bedel ON 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

2o9 SAGECREST 

OPEN 2-6 p e rm ittin g 

O ve r 2 5 o o sq ft 
4 2 'A 2 on shady sprinkler ad and privacy lanced 
'/? acre ligh t brick with shake roof and g o rg e o u s courtyard entry 
O n ly 2 years o ld 1 
Separate m aster suite with private patio 
Fireplace and wetbar in fam ily room. 
H uge covered patio 
Pro fessionolly land scap ed and designed with M A N Y spe etal Features 

$ 8 8 , 8 o o 

C A L L 4 9 4 - 5 2 2 7 

Armstrong Co. 

RE A L T OR S 
M I S 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

L o o k in g fo r a n e w h o m e ? 

TODAYS YOUR L U C K Y D A Y . . . 
J. 
_ -------------------— 
_ 
— 
_ J 
H igh Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

541,15o to 553,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
M e a d o w W o o d N orth 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 

534,ooo to 541,45o 
Jones-Malfsbgr at Thous. Oaks 
The G reat N orth w e st 
68 4-1 I 23 

538,5oo to 555,1oo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, 
FUA, 
Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double 
Garages 

• North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

2o2 HOUSES OPEil 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING O AKS • COUNTRYSIDE 

PRESTIGE HOME 
* H U N T E R ’S C R E E K 
ES 

• Robing htllv and oak m sj 
• In North East or Norttnid* School district 
• SecrcofHw w fw 

• Homes $5o,ooo f« $17o,ooo 

Patio, Canton and plate Haines Or 

 custom build, and choose derm 

492-1o68 • 494 5249 • 492-2272 

O P E N 2 :3 o -5 :3 o 
I o 8 H A R M O N 

In 
TERRELL 
H E IG H T S o ff 
G re e n w ic h in the 
A la m o 
H e ig h ts 
S c h o o l 
D istrict. 
C H A R M IN G 3 b e d ro o m P L U S stu d y , 
1 7 3 6 sq. ft. hom e . 
S a ltillo tile p a tio . C O M E BY. 
$ 3 7 , o o o . 
8 2 4 - 9 6 3 1 

O P E N 1 :o o -5 :o o 
7o1 9 FOREST PINE 

In 
EO R E S T 
O A K S o ff 
E v e rs 
R o a d . 
E x c itin g 
N E W 
3 b e d r o o m h o m e w ith fire p la c - e d fa m ily ro o m , a ll a m e n i­ ties, P R IV A C Y fe n ce d ya rd . 
C H A - V A - C o n v e n tio n a l f in a n ­ c in g a v a ila b le . 
O w n e d b y 
N o rth s id e 
In d e p e n d e n t 
S c h o o l D istrict. P L E A SE S T O P 
B Y T O D A Y . 
$ 3 9 , 8 7 5 
6 9 6 - 4 8 1 1 

O P E N 2 :o o -5 :o o 
7 8 2 C R E S T W A Y D R IV E 

In W IN D C R E S T o ff M id t o w n . 
1 o o % b rick , I sto ry , 4 b e d ­ ro o m 
L U X U R Y 
H O M E w ith a p p ro x , 3 , 5 6 5 sq. ft. o f c e n ­ tra lly h e a te d a n d a ir c o n ­ d itio n e d liv in g sp ace . W O ID - 
H A G E N 
S U P E R IO R 
P O O L ! 
H O B B Y 
R O O M ! 
P re tty 
P R I­ 
V A C Y g a rd e n . V e r y p re s tig e a r c o A M U S T SEE. 
$ 7 9 , 5 o o . 
6 5 8 - 7 o o 7 

O P E N 2 :o o -4 :o o 
2 5 o W . G L E N V IE W 

In H IL LC R E ST a r e a oft B a b ­ cock R o o d . W A L K to Sch o o ls, 
Sh o p s, 
B u s fro m this v e r y nice 3 b e d r o o m h o m e w ith v e r y 
L A R G E 
L IV IN G a re a . 
C e n tra l a n d b u ilt-in e v e r y . thing. 
G A M E R O O M ) P re tty p riv a c y p a t io a n d y a rd . 
$ 5 1 , 9 o o . 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 

Y O U ’LL LIKE TH IS 
H O M E 
O P E N 2 :o o -6 :o o 
8 3 4 4 H IG H L A N D V IE W 

In O L Y M P IA o ff C e n te rb ro o k , c o n v e n ie n t to 
R A N D O L P H 
A f B in U n iv e r s a l C ity. Q U IE T 
A R E A , chic, s o lid ly b u ilt 
3 b e d ro o m h o m e . 4 ” e x t r a in ­ su latio n , su n tint o n p atio, d in in g ro o m o n d k itch e n w in ­ d o w s. T U R B O V E N T S. W A T E R 
SO FTE N ER , 
O R G A N IC 
G A R - 
DEN, 
FR U IT 
TREES 
. . . all a m e n itie s. 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g in livin g , d in in g , Fa m ily a n d m a ste r b e d r o o m ro o m s! 
N ic e ly la n d s c a p e d g ro u n d s, 
6 
P R IV A C Y FEN CE. $ 3 7 , 6 4 o . 
G R E A T Y B U Y ! 
$ 3 7 , 4 6 o . 
6 5 3 - 7 3 4 1 

O P E N 2 :3 o -4 :3 o 
8 2 o 2 B R IA R G A T E 

In G R E E N B R IA R o H M o s s r o t k . 
Fine ST A R T E R H O M E in c o n ­ v e n ie n t a r e a 
. . . 
3 b e d ­ ro o m s, re a s o n a b le ta x e s , n e w p a n e l h e a t just in ­ sta lle d . Fruit t re e s a n d le n ­ se d g a rd e n . 
O N L Y $2S,OoO. 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 

O P E N 1 :o o -6 :o o 
3 5 o 7 IG O 

In S U M M IT - C o lo n ie s N o rth a r c o o ff 
T io g a . 
O U T S T A N ­ 
D IN G h o m e w ith o v e r 3 , o o o sq, 
It. o f liv in g a re a . 
All a m e n itie s. 
F A M IL Y - G A M E ro o m . 2 s t o r y b rick 'n c e d a r h a v e n w ith b e a u tifu l fre e s a n d la n d s c a p in g , p u tio, p riv a c y g a rd e n . 
SEE 
TH IS 
H O M E to d a y . 
$ 5 3 , 9 o o . 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 

O P E N 2 :3 o -4 :3 o 
3 3 o M O N T P E L IE R 

In 
S U N S H IN E 
P A R K o ff 
W illo w b r o o k o r M c N e e l. 2 o r 
3 b e d ro o m , la rg e ro o m s, 
3 o . 1 o x 1 4 p a t io fo r e n ­ te rta in in g o r lo x in g . C e n tra l e v e r y th in g . 
D O G 
R U N ! 
S T O R A G E H O U S E ! D R O P BY. 
$ 3 3 , 9 5 o . 
4 9 4 - 7 7 7 1 

O P E N 1 o :o o -6 :o o 
8 2 1 9 , 8 3 1 9 , 8 3 2 3 
B R IX T O N 
8 3 1 4 W A T C H T O W E R 

4 
N E W 
H O M E S in 
B R A U N 
S T A T IO N EA ST , L e o n V a lle y 
Ele m e n ta ry , 
M a r s h a ll 
H ig h 
S c h o o l o re a . C O M E B Y a n d se e th e m all! 
O n e sto ry h o m e s w ith 
3 a n d 4 b e d ­ ro o m s, 
2 lu x u r y b a th s a n d lo a d s o f liv in g a n d fin- fe rta in in g sp a c e 
. . . fir e ­ p la c e s a n d p a t io s . . . d o u b le g a ra g e s . la n d s c a p in g 
. . . u n u su a l in n e w h o m e s . Chic b u ilt-in k itc h e n s a n d s e p ­ a ra te u tility ro o m s . N O W IS 
T H I T IM ! T O B U Y A H O M E ... th e se o re r e a lly so m e th in g w o rth w h ile c o n sid e rin g , 
$ 4 8 , 3 o o to $ 5 8 , 9 o o - F LE X - 
IHLI F IN A N C IN G . 
6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 

( k y C J n p m m O b 

REALTORS r n 

OPEN SUNDAY 

THE SUMMIT 
1o434 APPLEGATE 

2:3o to 5:3o p.m. lovely, well maintained home, bedrooms, 2 baths, lame living room, spurious den, built in kit rhen. Near shopping renters Con venient to UTSA, USAA and Medical romplex! 
$43,9oo 
824 o121 
ANYTIME. 

CAMELOT ll 
6422 QUIET FOREST 

2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
Super family home, convenient to shopping, schools, military bases, living room with fireplace, family room • dining room combination, electric kitchen, 4 bedrooms, baths. See this one • it s a good buy! 
S4I.ooo 494 7651 ANYTIME 

MISSION TRACE 
11426 HOLLOW TREE 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
This luxury home sits on o comer lot in a community of natural beauty 
Tremendous entertaining areas with formal dining, beautiful large single living area with fireplace Lorge kit ellen with all conveniences Carefree yard beautifully landscaped Access to swimming pools, tennis couits, jogging trails. 
?4 Flout security 
342 3211 ANYIIMI 

THOUSAND OAKS 

16418 LEDGE PARK 
2:oo to 5:3o p.m. 
EXCEPTIONAL BUY' 
Superbly built 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home in prestige area. Double pane energy saving windows, elect! it goiage door opener, plush carpeting, gourmet kitchen, wooded lot Come sec for yourself. 
You WONT be disop pointed! Only $58,9oo. 494 7651 
ANYIIMI 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

1o8 MEMORY TRAIL 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 
Sparkling 7 year-old! Stunning and spacious formal living aren with fireplace formal and informal din mg areas, charming kitchen. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 polios, large private lot Don t miss seeing the best buy in thc area at only 
SSS,OOO 494 7651 ANYTIME 

OLMOS PARK TERRACE 
259 W. WILDWOOD 

2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
JUST LISTED' All rock home. 2 bedrooms, one bath, large living room with fireplace, separate dining room ond charming sunroom large shady yard $25,ooo Call 494 7651 
ANYTIME (or further details 

OPEN SUNDAY 

ALGERITA PARK 
27o3 VASTANET 
2:3o to 5:3o 
(Weather Permitting) 
PRICE 
REDUCED' off of 
Vance 
Jackson 
North of loop 
41o 
Beautiful 4 beurooins 21? baths, formal dining, spacious living room, paneled family room with fireplace, new gourmet kitchen with pantry plus gumeioom 25 x 14 Custom drapes and carpels included (296o 
Sg It pei Northside School lux Of flee) landscaped yard with oak trees. $69,9oo 824 o171 ANYTIME 

 t t o s o u r & k J m 
^ 

IM lTO tS - SO YEAH Of TRUST j 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

OPEN 1-5 

FIRST TIME OPEN 

IOO HONEY BEE 
5 BEDROOMS-1'■■? ACRES 
Shavano Park. N W 
Military 
Hwy to Turkey Creek, left to 
Honey Bee. Traditional 2 story, 
5-3-2. lorge family room (FP) living, dining, breakfast rooms. 
Covered sundeck Best Buy! 

FIRST TIME OPEN 

IOO S. GARDENVIEW 
Castle Hills. Flowered, bricked arbor entry to this lovely brick one story 4 3-7, exciting gloss­ ed family room (FP). See this! 

4o1o GLENROCK laurel Hills, N W loop 41o ond 
Wurzbach 
I block west to 
Bluemel lovely French Brick 
3 7 2. Dual fireplace divides living ond dining rooms family room with expansive use of gloss 
Saltillo tile, beamed ceiling 
Sunshine morning room 
Near 
USAA, 
UTSA, 
Medical Complex 

PRICE REDUCED 

251o DANBURY 
Two blocks north of loop 41o 
East. Completely redecorated interior and exterior. 3-2-2, living-dining room (or large family room) glassed to cover­ ed patio, lot 11oX2oo 
NE. 
Schools. 

58o2 CARY GRANT 
Oak Hills Terrace Wurzbach to 
Merkins to Cory Grant. On o 
Hillcrest with panoramic VIEW 
Very inviting rambler, 3 2 7, den (26XIS), EP, high beamed reding Separate dining room. 
Minutes to UTSA, Medical Com­ plex, USAA, lackland, Kelly. 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

OPEN SIINO AY 2-5 PM. 
WOODLAKE 
66oo lake Cliff 
Don t dream a dream - buy one! 
See this sparkling borne on col de soc 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with fami­ ly toom, living dining combo with boy window, bteokfost room, utility room, covered patio and fenced No city tax Upper 3o's Host Dodge 
Barton 655 o7o7, 824 68o8 

CAMELOT ll 
6826 leylond 
Contemporary Coronado Model with 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths One living orca, large dining room, and 23 ft 
Master Suite with sitting area 
Cathedral ceilings with indirect lighting 
Native stone exterior. 
Buyer Protection Pion. Privacy fen tea 
All appliances. 
$38,9oo 
Hostess Chic Ashby 655 o7o7, 655- 
8828 

7114 PfflKBTV OOT Of TORK - 

4 A C R E S NO DOW N , S3) 99 rn* 
! Lake LBJ, cell 341 2oo3_______ & 
BU Y EQ U IT Y , assum e loan, IGA a c re s. A ta s c o s a Co 
M u n ftr - ccbm and quail, dove and 3 got 
1 fishing tanks Good stables ae pens Lots of coastal, good fence 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E 
974 433) 
R E A L T O R S 
675^o^ j Energy saving home in N B e w W hot water, elite neighborhood Aft extras, low utilities, 157,9oo Bv 
; builder, t-625-o5o2_________ - in K e rrv ille , 7 story, 2 vP’ ortS 
Spanish style home. Quality bout, 
4-2’ I, attached greenhouse, tar** lot, S U S .OOO. C a ll St2-896-2*^4 atter 4pm .__________________ 
JUST U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 
14oo sq ft 4 bedroom, 2 bath * car garage on 4 acres, all this 
$42,8oo Financing avail with I 
, down Buy now and choose coloP% 
H U G H E S 4 B R IS C O E 
** 
9244331 R E A L T O R S 
1-663-5 

'th e * 
Is foe 
I 1o% 

M ust sacrifice mobile home a land. Stonewall, Tx 673-5721 
* 
N IC E 3 BE D R O O M , I bath, lo rM metal workshop, 2o x 2o room usfcg as beauty shop or could be a h u *j den. All this on V» acre 
*■ 
H U G H E S & B R IS C O E k* 
924 4331 R E A LT O R S 
I 663 S5?7 

J 

OPEN 2-5 
3615 MOHEGAN 
This alt brick 3 bedroom, 7 bath dallhouse, could only be found nestled away in the peaceful and popular 
Jefferson area lorge living areas, built rn kit­ chen, lots of storage, with huge utility room, much more, low assumption, $36,5oo 
13819 KINS8ERRY Hill 
NORTHAN 
HlllS— Delightful and charming describes this 3 bedroom 2 both home, lorge single living area, rock fireplace, covered patio, landscaped to perfection $42,5oo 
3 4 2 -3 1 11 

67o2 GLEN FAIR 
OPEN 12:3o TO 5 
Immediate occupancy, spacious fenced cornet lot 4 2-2. built in kitchen, fireplace. Only 2 years old. 
Better buy than new' $41,ooo Niles 
655 2394 

ENCHANTED FORE5T 
11611 SANDM AN 
2-6 P.M. for the ultimate in comfort and total (omily living, see the 3 living areas in this huge home located in a prestige area convenient to malls and Northeast schools. This home is offered at $74,8oo' 

TEXAS RANCHER 
3411 HUNTWICK 
2 TO 6 P.M 
Approx 2,1oo sq ft of living space in this 4 bedroom, 2 bath luxury home. Romantic fireplace, cathedral ceilings and automatic sprinkler system All for a low, low $67,8oo 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY-OF HOMES 
691-1121 656 552o 341 9191 

O P E N S U N 2 TO 5 
4 5 3 o M A Y B R O O K 
W O O D S 
W O O O S O F S H A V A N O 
From the professionally landscap­ ed Oak covered corner lot to the spacious and open interior of this 
4 bedroom, 2 Vt bath home You ll find many features you ve been wanting. Come see for yourself. 
Priced to sell today of $59,7oo 

O P E N S U N . 1:3o to 5:3o 
1 7 1 o P A R H A V E N 
O ff S a n P e d ro , a c ro s s fro m 
H o lly w o o d P a rk 
Beautiful home on large corner lot with fresh countiy at­ mosphere 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, large living ared with fireplace 
All tastefully decorated. 
Just listed. $57,8oo 

T E 
'REALTORS 

3491436 

T R U S T E E 
SA L E 
_____ one-59o acre ranch and one 39o oere ranch 3o m iljs eost of Walsenburg, Colo Rollnjn grassland with trees $65 per acre includes general w arranty deed and title insurance For m aps aft(J details coll Trustee, 3o3-576-1o96 days; 
$91-84o1 evenings axj weekends___________________ £» 

Well Pay Closing Cost •: 
3-2-2, large corner lot and potfo. 
I At 254 Sollock in Devine, 
TV. 
1-663-5787 
*. 

2o6 -TOWNHOUSES 

C R O W N R ID G E C O N D O Juki listed! Here’s a rare offering yjb will want to see! 3-2'-i, tlreplocejft large living area Excellent C L U B 
F A C IL IT IE S . Only 5 years orch im m ac u late and price d urwHFr 
$4o,ooo S E E T O A D Y ! 82fr-6J*3 eves 653-9S96 

Cornelius 8 Associates 
G R E A T O P P O R T U N IT Y tor buj person to enjoy p riv a te su rro u n 
.m o ile r plus sleeping bath up, guest bath down. Putty equipped kitchen, heated Jacufti 
; pool. Call tor extras. 

RED CARPET 
: 
342-31)1 
R E A L T O R S 
341 4tf5 
H O U SE TH AT JACK B U IL T for*a i new generation bachlor or bach- lorette a villa in SA with IOO pips extras Great design in draftee, 
(c arp e t, m ir r o r s , p a n e lin g , f privacy ond security for living 
Iv o u n g and free. O tte re d bt 
*64,5oo. 696-1412 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES . 
: Luxury Townhouse in M arvm o*t 
; By owner 2 Bedroom, 2' jbatfu 
{story, 1735 sq.ft. L iv in g roo* 
{dining room, large family root! fireplace, large patio, finished! car g a ra g e with opener. t*J#h i — 

T U N IT Y for busy y the lu x u ry jbt la d in g s . L o r g e eping loft. Club 

55o’S. 
Shown 
656-61oo bv appointment 

O P E N 2 TO 5 
S U N D A Y 

N O R T H E R N H ILLS 
4 b e d ro o m . A m u st to se e b e fo re y o u p u rc h a s e a n ­ oth e r. lo c a te d a t 4 2 1 5 F o n - dre n . 

O L Y M P IA 
4 b e d ro o m sp lit-le v e l, u n i­ q u e flo o rp la n . 
1 3 6 2 7 
O a k 
M e a d o w s . 

V A LLY F O R G E 
Is w h e r e this 3 b d r o o m w ith all liv in g a r e a s is lo ca te d , lo t s o f fe a tu re s. 
1 2 2 2 2 
V a lle y F o rge . 
••••••••••••••••••••••A** 

S A N P E D R O HILLS 
Q u a lity th ru o u t fro m the fro n t d o o r to th e se c o n d p otto 
4 b e d ro o m *. 
2 3 1 8 
T o ry Hill. 
PHONE 824-o171 
For In fo rm a tio n a n d 
P riv a te S h o w in g s 

8 o 3 B O O T H 
O P E N 3 -6 

 w e a t h e r p e rm ittin g 
Alm ost 2 o o o sq. ft 
— 
IM M A C U L A T E 2 story, 4 bedroom brick borne. 
Spacious fam ily room with cathedral ceiling and fireplace plus separate liv­ ing and dining rooms. 
Churchill District — close to malls and schools. 
$ 4 5 ,9 o o 
CALL 494-5227 
Arm strong Co. 
REALTORS 
MLS 

O P E N 
2-5 
W E A T H E R 
P E R M IT T IN G 

3o15 CHARTER BOCK 
G o rg e o u s 3 be d ro o m , lu x u ry home with a hobby room or office, 
O P E N L IV IN G A R E A , fireplace, delightful kitchen with double oven, custom d rap e s. A L L IN 
L IK E 
N E W 
C O N D IT IO N . 
341 72o1. O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

T E R R IL L H IL L S 
[ 3 bedrooms, cathedral ceilings, on j charming flowered moll. Oaks, 
: pool 
I 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
I T O W N H O U SE C O N D O M IN IU M ” 
By owner, deluxe end unit. Cor peted 2-2 2 Stu d y, fire p la ce . 
$4o,5oo 
5 Min 
(rom Ft. Sam. 
822 31o1. 
U N D E R S T A T E D 
E L E G A N C E 
Is the theme in this lovely (realty 
L U X U R Y ) 2 story tow nhouse 
Completely refurbished 2 years ago. 2 bedroom s, 2'? baths, att amenities, courtyard by Los Po bos 
SU TTO N 
P L A C E 
Is the 
Place! 
* 
$49,75o 
R E A L T O R S 
824-»6'31 
Guy Chipman Co 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M ES 
In-town Loc, Super Amenities 
31o2 Eisenhauer 
826-63o1 

?o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

SOLOAR ASSISTED 
Contem porary home with 4 be­ drooms, 2' j baths, 2 logrge sky decks with distant views, huge family with fireplace ond adjoin­ ing crow nest T R A IL W O O D -IH IO 
N W -O PEN 
S A T U R D A Y 
A N D 
SU N D A Y 

CU STO M 
KON Company 
OM H O M E B U IL l 
698-2445 

I B 
oPIN 2-6 
7oo6 FOREST GROW rn FOREST OAKS. Versatile 3 2- 
2, lormol living, paneled den with lueploce tented mid landscaped yard, low 4o s — don t miss it' 
3627 MAPUTON 

 iii THI SUMMIT, off boga 
(harming decorator 
3 2 2, oaken living and dining, fiteplaced den. Snazzy eat in kitchen! $45,9oo 
3222 ALBIN oft Robin Rest in IYRo1 HULS 
NIW LISTING! Spacious 4 2 7, formal and informal living areas family room with 
_ fireplace, loads of built-ins, i 

 custom d'opes $74,ooo 
69o-98o2 

 mzzrim g r e a t z z m m A M E R I C A 
W KH w iVL u t /vc ro w *. 

OOO TUXEDO 
T M I O P E N 2— 5 
Brick colonial on a corner lot with brick circular drive. 4 large be­ d ro o m s, den w ith fire p la c e , separate dining room, new c a r­ peting p lu s a lo ve ly pool for summer fun. Cam bridge School. 
Under $1oo,ooo. 
826 o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824-6683 
SU E W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROPP 

14823 WILLOW MOSS 
IO— 4PM 
Beautiful 2 story, 75% brick, 7-3-2 with fireplace. 434-2341. 

RED CARPET 
________R E A L T O R S __________ 
ON A W A N I AU 
CMI NU M BIB TO CAU 
IS 22S 166o 
I X Put SS AND NI WS 

APARTMENTS 
25 Units- Northeast. Furnished. 
Flexible Financing. 
94 units- Northwest. Excellent in­ vestment. 341-72o1. R E A L T O R S . 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
H IG H IN C O M E -LO W P R IC E 
Duplex cottage on busline ' 
533-1oo9 Respondek Rlty 656 5667 

Historic Moille Vista 
5 Unit Classic Colonial Ideal for restoration. Corner M cC ullough and Woodlawn $75,ooo 
824-371o 

MacFartand-PMps 
5 IN C O M E U N IT S 
N e a r K e lly . O n ly 3 y r s Old, separate m erters, fully rented. 
$48o a mo with potential of $55o. 
Priced at *4o,ooo. Owner will fin­ ance. Call 
532 3252 
N IT E S 923-4631 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S p 
N E A R T R IN IT Y U N IV E R S IT Y 
Completely redecorated umf,vyith new root. 2 bedrooms each side, central heat- air, appliances and drapes remain. Monthly income of *3oo. Call for an appointment to see. Evenings, 655-3675. 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

TODAY’S BARGAIN 
Owner carry. M ake offer 4 ptex near 
Ft. 
Sam 
Income 
$37o 
Fenced. 

Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171 
696-5896 
699 oo66 
8 unit aportment 22o P IC K N E Y 
Owner will trade. 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
S-Unit Apt. $52o mo. Reduced to 
$37,5oo. $39,9oo. Will trade house, etc 822-o368 
__ foe IA S I Bf SUI IS 
PL ACI YOUfi W A N I A D ­ 
IN IMC f XPBISS NI WS 
‘ 
CAU 22S 16oo 
I 

O P E N H O U SE 3 TO 5 
221 B U R R R O A D 
TERRI It Hills AH SCHOOLS - 
Overlooking golf louise 
This stately 2 story buck built by Hogy has 3 oi 4 bediooms, 21; baths, living room with FP opens to sit ting room 
Formal dining and morning loams, gtis 
(ential heat on, sprinkle! system. 
2 1 3 5 O A K CREEK 
(OAK 
HoL1oW 
ESTATES OEF 
BROOKHGllOW) Better than new! 
Handsome bink only 4 months old with custom draperies and landscaped yard 
One spacious living urea with fireplace, cathedral ceilings Gourment kit­ chen with dbl oven 3 7 2 Im­ mediate possession $52,95o 

JONES-KING 

826-2439 

J L T I X 

Personalized Designer Pattern 

• 
4 

O P E N 2 - 5 : o o 
231 R ID G E H A V E N 
In 
N O R T H R ID G E o ff 
N 
N e w 
B r a u n fe ls . 
U N IQ U E ? 
S E N 5 E N - 
T O U S ? 
Q u a lit y ? 
Y E S — 
Y E S — 
YES!!! O v e r 3 5 5 7 Sq. Ff. o f te n - fro lly h e a le d a n d a ir c o n ­ d itio n e d liv in g sp ace . 4 b e d ­ ro o m fa m ily n o m e p lu s q u a r ­ ter*. 
C o m p le te ly re m o d e le d , 
S H E C K d ecor, L IB R A R Y , fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e a n d M A N 
S IZ E W E T B A R . S p a c io u t liv in g , d in in g, b re a k fa s t ro o m *, 
M IC R O W A V E 
O V E N 
P a tio g r e e n h o u se , h a n d s o m e ly la n d s c a p e d g ro u n d s a n d 
P R IV A C Y g a rd e n . 
P R E ST IG E fa m ily h o m e . 
$ o 9 , 9 o o . 
8 2 4 - 9 o 3 1 

V IE W IT T O D A Y 
G U Y C H IP M A N CO . 
R E A L T O R S 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 5 

4211 SMOKE RIDGE 
O ne of a k in d in p r e s tig io u s 
Northern Hills Over 23oo sa ti w alk to re c re atio n a l and club facilities Too many extras to Int. 
Come see us today! 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Bertel Ole 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 5 

4318 SEABROOK 
Extremely convenient to Ft Sam 
H ousto n, th is a d o re a b le 
3 bedroom home is ottered tor sale ut $2o,5oo 
V ery targe lot with many fruit trees 

828 6391 A n y t im e 

Beanie Dwens Co 
Realtors N E Loup ole 

O P E N S U N 2 T O 5 

GIGS VANCE JACKSON no 4 
Lovely two story condominium with J bedrooms, 2’ ? baths, tire blore, All electric kitchen In the 
4o s 

828 6391 A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors NG Loop ole 

2-6 Sat, & Sun. 

4519 PECAN GROVE 

In prestigious Pecan Volley, 3 2 7, den with fueplure Closets Gulote' large yard Cuveied patio 

VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 
684 7171 699 oo66 344 1o89 

 e - ' ™ ... ........................... 
OPEN HOUSE 

2:3o 5:3o weatbei permitting 

3123 WHITE W ING LANE 

4-2-1 

$33,8oo 

BOB MCGINNIS 
R E A L T O R S 
V 349-621 I 

2514 SCOTSMAN 

Drive oui to Kirby and see this attractive 3 bedroom. I , both home Central arr lieut tully equipped kitchen ond lemed yoni with tiees It s a steal at 
S2I 5oo Open letms 

OPEN FOR VIEWING 
I TO 4 P.M. 
SUNDAY, APRIL 24 

 or (a ll 6 5 3 -o 5 7 o 

Anytime 
W O R L D WIDE 
REALTY 

M IAH YOUK W ANI till 
IU IHI IX UBI SS NI WS 
( A ll J J J 1666 

O P E N 2 5 JO 9918 MOUW 
CO LO NY NO RTH , oft Colony Or 
I bedroo m , 2 bath, L A R G E 
G AME RO O M *47,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 

 r OPEN HOUSE ^ 

81o2 RUSTIC 
FOREST 
S U N D A Y 2-5 

(ome and see this 3 7 2 super clean (amelu! II home 
Huge master bedroom, corner lot Niles 
658 1428. 

D A Y O R N I G H T 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

7 o 4 2 1 , M i s s e s 
7 o 4 6 1 , Junior -* 

S p o d e o B o u t i q u e 

• i l l 
- l i d 
T U P 
* 

♦in: . le v i rl,\ put .In 

JU 

 n i o r t o n 
«out!nvp«»t r e a l m 

< 'u n b u r n t in n s o f t'nl»r; 
>'*’th«‘P I" > rs nu- i Ii i 
Spiidi’ii I to m ti* lur1 (li'sifin. A /i (lite, if- h r ! lit llif r e n t e r In u it nm hiii. f a b r ie * : j e r s e y , kilt f*-, j M e n d s , in iv - It s c o t to n . 7o4t»! is e u t ru t!) in tlurt*oi 
( S i z e s 3-1 f». 7 o 4 1 'I is e a t o n ’.v in M i s s e s S i z e s H-kO . 
H u m o r S i /e }1 r e q u ir e s I 7 /H yd s., cr!' JVI” f n b r ie fop lh 
J lo u d e r le u ut Ii m id ; i»/v y d s . fo r th e s h o rt find 7 'h A l . jot c o n t r a s t . M i s s e s 
.siz e 
12 r e q u ir e s 2 y d s . cif f t * ” 
|titbr;e for tile lo n g e r le n g t h , ! 7 'N ,u ls, fo r the* sljwrt 
I*m d i -’N y d . c o n t r a s t . T o 'o r d e r : s e n ti p a tte rn n u m b e r, 
( s iz e , name-, a d d r e s s m id zij>. 
P r io i* 
^ 2 . o o p i u s t-Ttic 
■ p o s t a g e tor P A C H p a tte rn . jspadea Mini ( mofog with 91 pages o f recent sty IW% unlading m e r .'TIT all new d e sig n s, $2.o(1 plus £#>C’ jpiisiiige. Make cheek payable lo Spaden, Send ordnVs it" this new spaller, e /o Spaded, 2 Bridge S t., M i l f o i l , 
\ . -I. ( IH h -J K , p e p ) , 
.‘ *4 

L O W FIV E 
IK S F O R DI 

E XPRESS - NEWS 
ADS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVMGS 
IO 

LINES 

PAYS 

NON COMMERCIALS 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RAU CHANGE 

M 
B 
. 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS) 

2o4-PROPERrv OUT OF TWM 21o - HDUSES MOBTREAST 
219 • M SJO R TH U Sr 
121B HOUSES OTBTHEASf 
1219 HWSES^BTOMT 

FOR REAL ESTATE NEEDS 
IN NEW BRAUNFELS 
658-4119 and 625-8o37 
RESTAURANT 
One of Now Braunfels biggest and finest restaurants, Saloon, Hotel and service station. Business is famous and well established 
GROCERY DRIVE IN N lust right for a family enterprise for a low price. 
W A G O N WHEEL IN N famous Western Donee Hall al Canyon lake • 392-5236. 
METAL COMMERCIAL BUILDING 
6ooo sp. ft. on .4 acres on busy highway. 
APPROX. 11 ACRES 
Close by S W T S.lf. in San Marcos, excellent for development 
CAN YO N LAKE 
Vfoterfronf 
2 bedrooms, 2 21, view 
LARGE CORNER LOT 
3 7-2, moke offer 
COUNTRY LIVING 
28oo sq. ft 3-2-2, 4VS acres. 2o min. to S A 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REAITORS-MLS 
N ew Braunfels, Tx. 

2 tT APARTHEID rSOUPIiXfS 

2 4 -1 o o UNITS 
INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
H E Y 
• Various 
G R O U P lo ca tio n s 

I N C . 

I 

• Flexible 
Terms 

STERLING BURKE 

REALTORS 

824-6351 

77o1 Broadway 

ZlO H H S NORTHEAST 

4 UNITES in C o u n try C lub A re a . S tu rd y m asonary two story, has 3 units pius ne a t I b e d ro o m c o tta g e 
Reduced to tor quick sale to 
*35,ooo. r n ST11 or 34*-3S3S Anytim e 

Hearne Owens Co 
REALTORS-N C entral O ft 
94 U N IT S , 3 e x c e p tio n a l a p a rt­ m ent co m p le xe s n e a r W o n d e r­ la n d M a ll. S w im m in g p o o ls , covered p a rkin g , fu lly occupied with w aiting list. By appt. only. 

TBWBf tfl»W Inc- 732-8157 

TIO HOUSES NORTHEAST 

AAA BARG AIN. 3 2-2 in Camelot, appliances. *35o down 
694-742o SLATER R LTY 498-2116 
ALAM O H E IG H T S SCHOOLS - 
L a rg e fa m ily hom e in T e rre ll 
Heights. 3 bedroom s, big fam ily room, ail carpet, walk to elemen­ t a r y . Under *3o,ooo 
656-1234 

RED CftBPET 
ALAM O HEIGHTS 
L o ve ly 4-2-2 w ith fa m ily room , large form al living, elec kitchen, q u ite n e ig h b o rh o o d , n e a r fin e s to o ls . 736-1918. 
H IH REALTY_ _ _ _ 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
Walk to Cambridge. 2 bedroom, I bath, den, garage, fenced ya rd , 
’ -139o sa ft., c a rp e t, h a rd w o o d r.tlo o rs, la rg e m o d e rn k itc h e n . 
$375oo. 
826-3132 
Oft 
4pm weekdays 

I 

ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
ARCHITECTURAL MASTERPIECE 
- Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE. fn|oy complete privacy on on acre setting, 4 -3 V> Master suite opens to sundeck. Glassed walls open to beautiful courtyard with hid. pool. 

TERREII H ills - Elegant 2 story brick for distinguished living. 
Enhanced by nigh ceilings, handsome millwork. 4-3, qtrs., 3- tor garage. living room with fireplace, formal separate dining, landscaped yard. 9-hole putting green. 

TERREII H ills - Sophisticated living in this 
3-3 in choice location living 'oom with EP, formal dining, family room opens to garden rm.. and brick terrace. 
2ox2o master suite. 

TERREII HULS - One of o kind. 
This stone home completely renovated for luxury living. 
Dromtic 2 story living room with massive fireplace. 4-#V» plus qtrs. 
Master suite up with dual dress­ ing rms„ sitting mr. 

COUNTRY LANE 
- luxurious 
Contemporary with 4-5 bedrooms on over an acre. Offers excellence 
In design, extensive use of gloss. large pool with space for leant* court. 4 fireplaces, guest house, qtrs. 

JONES-KING 
826-2439 

ALAMO HOTS SHOOLS 
2 bedroom cottage w ith large Mu- ana d ln ln g -s u n ro o m . 
F re n c h 
■doors open to deck- and la rg e trees. *28,9oo. 824-o284, 

STEVE T. FINCH 

^HOLLYWOOD PARK ' 

This lo vely hom e has 
4 bedroom s, 
2 baths, living and dining room and large fam ily room w ith fireplace. 
The tree-studded over-sized lo t is a 
B O N U S . 
Under 
$ 6 o ,o o o . 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
1 3 4 9 - 1 1 3 1 

• 
ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS n Terrell Huts., on corner lot. 2 b r o o m s p lu s b o n u s ro o m , a cu n f. O w ner gone and v e ry nxtous. Make otter toduy. 
ROUGH RIDER R E ALTY 
454-7131 

AMMD HOTS 
^o u id you like a TTreplace in the m uste r bed roo m (th e re a re 2 iffie r bedrooms), plus a delightful sunbathed garden, livin g and din­ ing area? Call us for details. 
324 2486. 
, 1 HARDY & CO, REALTOR 

18oo SO. FT. 
ONLY $47,5oo 

Custom-built 3 2-2 Brick. Big den- kitchen & lr dr oreos. NE schools. 
Trees. Quiet Excellent buy! 

C.E. Johnson 
Owner-Broker 
824-8o19 or 824-1275 

A LARGE 4 BEDROOMS 
Modern home, separate dining , tying, den with fireplace, lots of itofage on 
1oox2oo lot, 
NE 
»ct,ools- 
(94-5281 
494-2o41 
H IL L COUNTRY REALTORS 

BE CONCERNED ABOUT TIM E 
MOVE IN CL SE 
I you are stationed at FT. SAM or 
R A N D O LP H A F B . G re a t 3 be ­ d ro o m h om e in K IR B Y w ith 
Spanish pecan p a n e lin g in the fa m ilv room , co m p a ct kitch e n , central heat and a ir. P atio and fenced yard. Only $2S,5oo. 
REALTORS 
658-7oo7 
Guy Ciiipman Co 

A ll THIS FOR S2,95o quitv M eticulous 3-1«1-1. carpet, sp liv in g , d in in g , a ll a p p l'* , need. Assume *218 pym t. Close 
Ft. 
Sam, 
Randolph. 
In 
'oodlake. 
18-4545 PRIAKOS RLTY 654-o975 n x io u s O w n e r. 3 b e d ro o m s , rge liv in g -Fdlning, builtins, pa- i St5oo equity, *2o6 mo. Call 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
PRH, SHOWERS w ill not flood 
IU out of this high and dry 3-2-1 in o ik North Not many frills, but riced right at *26,9oo Buy Your ay on open term s. No down to 
A p u rc h a s e rs . 
C a ll n o w ! 
18-8195 REALTORS 
RED CARPET 

 ssum e *343 m o. w ith ii i - * * ? judy on Perfect 3-2-2 b rick. NE. 
!4 56)7. 826-1832 Ofter 7pm 
ARG AIN HUNTING? *375 is all takes to get into this 3 bedroom ame w ith a ir, a p p lia n ce s and jrpet. Don't pass it up! 696-o974 ssociafes, 696-1412 

. 3 bedroom, northeast schools, low e q u ity , * ' j% VA no te , no c ity foxes. 653-8934, 227-5151-osk for 
Polly. 

4 BEDROOMS $35,258 
This 4-2-2 is neat as a p in t! I year old, lorge single livin g area with corner fireplace, double garage, north San Pedro area. 
UNDMARK. REALTORS 
69o-95o2 
_____ 

M i n Hunters Special down paym ent to anyone. 3-4 
[roams, 7 baths, some with air 
I appliances, firs t paym ent in 

BOB DePAOLO 
.3o91______________ REALTOR 
4 BDRMS FOR $19,5oo ll-mam tainod 4 bdrm home for iw, low price. Large yard with lutiful trees. Coll for all details. 
-OUI 
RED CARPET 
_______REALTORS 
D u t i f u l 3 bedroom hom e. ym e n ts u n d e r *16o. O w n e r nous to sell. No down VA, call 

V HUGHES ft BRISCOE 
-4331 
REALTORS 
675-o696 ifeA U T lFU LLY RESTORED year old home, livin g , dining, i plus solarium w ith wet bar. ny extras. 2 ca r garage with jrttrs . 589,5oo 
H S R E A L T Y 
824-7417, 344-5633 

Best lo o kin g house on B a rrin g ­ ton' 3-2-2, with covered patio and lorge lot with garden spot. Open house ail weekend. 4146 B a rrin g ­ ton, village N orth, off P e rrin Bei- tel. 653-3431_____________________ 
BETTER THAN NEW This I Ue- droom , 2 bath hom e located iii 
N orthern H ills has lust been so well taken care of, OII you need to do is move in. B eautiful view of the city lights. W all to w a ll carpet, screened-in patio, drapes and k it­ chen appliances Included. Under 
*4o,ooo. Coil 653-6364 A nytim e 
RED CARPET 

BIG HOME on CORNER 
No down anyone! L u xu ry 3-2-2 massive woodburning fireplace in huge fam ily room, separate dining room, carpet, utility room, p riva cy fence, *38,975 
344-5564 H art M cC orm ick 344-2993 
BIG REDU CTION on this lovely and u n iq u e 4 b e d ro o m hom e. 
E v e ry ro o m is s p a c io u s end b e a u tifu lly designed. C om plete 
I kitchen "in the ro u n d ’’ includes trash com pactor. A bundant clo ­ sets and m any built-m s. Special w o rk s h o p fo r th e m a n . O n ly j *57,9oo. Call 342-3211 A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTOR5-5o Years Of TRUST 
4o42 Bikini. VA-FHA ........ *26,2oo 
122 Bluff Side, VA-FHA ... *17,5oo 
48o3 Casa Verde, VA PHA *23,ooo 
483o Castle Kent, *138 mo.Eg. 
535oo 
2315 Kaiser ........... Assm. *16,5oo 
125o3 w ilderness T ra il Ea. *2,874 
Century 21 
553-8131 Bill P arkins A lly SS-S22( 

Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES; 
M onday thru Thursday 
5 :o o P.M. for Following Day 
Friday 1:3o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P.M. for Sunday 
Friday 5 :3 o P.M. For M onday 
USED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

 c o lla tio n s a n d C o rre c tio n s c a n be m a d e 

»nday th ru F rid a y 8 A M . til 5 : 3 o P .M . 

 rhe Express News Corp. accepts responsibility for errors the fust day of puhl'Cal'On O't y 

 feJ 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
SE! THESE 
AND OVER 
3oo OTHER 
PREOWNED 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES IN 
San A n to n io 's 

Fastest G row in g 
Area 
ENTERTAINERS 
DELIGHT 
Walk to elem. school, and pool from this super immaculate home. 
KING sired master bedroom suite! Cal! to see this better than NEW OESIGN III home with oversized covered polio, intercom, Terrozo entry,. and 
FREE standing fireplace. 
Niles 876-7668 or 659-1428 
SLEEP IN PARK 
3-2-2 rn o pork like yard, large enough for olympia size pool, vegetable garden, or flowers. 
Automatic garage door opener. 
Sparkling clean and neot! Niles 
824-9818 
HONEYMOONERS 
DELIGHT 
Picture perfect 3-IVz-l, OPEN 
AREA concept with vaulted ceilings. Corner lot, sprinkler system, superb landscaping, freshly painted, open terms. 
$25,5oo. Niles 658 1428. 
INDIVIDUALITY 
Custom mode firescreen, redwood covered patio and bosketweave fence add in­ dividually to this 3-2-2 an* 
Hsepticolly dean home. 
Im mediate occupancy. Niles. «24- 
9818. 
GARDEN KITCHIN 
3 2-2, fvffy carpeted, garden kitchen, covered patio SUNKEN conversation area, fireplace, professionally landscaped. Im­ mediate occupancy 
Randolph area. Niles 658-1428. 
REHRIG.-DRYER 
Well landscaped, 
4 2-2 with fireplace will thrill you. Excellent design and so appealing1 
Refrigerator and dryer stay. 2 patios. Niles 658-1428. 
HIGH GM HILL 
Assume 7% loon on this 3-1-1, fully equipped kitchen, high on hill, fenced yard. Extra clean. 
Niles 494-2191. 
SACRIFICE 
Owned by Morton Southwest 
Realty, we will cut this price to the minimum to sell. Move in now, 3-2-2, with formal living and dining rooms plus separate family room 
Privacy fenced yard. Niles 824-9818. 
GUITE CUL-DE-SAC 
Newly pointed on o quiet cul- de-sac 4-2-1 has split bedroom plan, double gate to backyard. 
Niles 494-2191. 
PRESTIGE PLUS 
Privacy fenced 3-2-2 with fire­ place in beautiful, established neighborhood A + Rating" so don I pass up! $36,6oo, Niles 
4o4-2191. 
SECLUDED BEAUTY 
4-2-2, carpet thru-out, electric range, dishwasher, garbage disposal in country kitchen with large pantry. Many beautiful trees • "toke a look af this one" 
... you ll be glad you did. Niles 
826 /668 
SW IM M ING POOL 
Enjoy this lovely home with swimming pao£ 3 2 2 carpet, with water softener and much more. Northeast schools and im­ mediate occupancy. Niles 826* 
7668 
MANY EXTRAS 
This immaculate 
3-2-2 with many extras has been reduced and is ready for immediate oc­ cupancy. Nice town, privacy fen­ ced and oak trees. Niles 656- 
8218. 
STOVE-REFRIG. 
3-IVz-l, nice trees, stove and refrigerator remain, large pan­ try, priced to sell. Niles 826- 
7668. 
TERRILL HILLS 
A sweeping circular drive, leads to this 4 bedroom, 3 both home with 3 fireplaces. Nestled among giant trees on over an acre of land with room for swimming pool and tennis court. Elegant location for the very discrimin­ ating. Niles 826-7668. 
DRAPES STAY 
A cathedral beamed ceiling lends spaciousness to this lovely 
3-2 2 home, located on a quiet cul-de-sac. 
Available in late 
June. Kites 656-4781. 
PERFECT BEGINNING 
Fresh 3-2-1 with fenced yard and owner added extras. Too numerous to mention! $27,2oo. 
Call nites 494-2191. 
ENGLISH STYLE 
Assume low equity on this eitra dean, 4-2 2. Hos everything. 
Must see now! Nites 494 2191. 
UNDER $ 3 o ,o o o 
3 2-2 has much TIC. Walk to elementary 
Quick occupancy. 
Under $3o,ooo. Niles 658-1428. 
1oo% BRICK fresh os spring. 3 2 with finish­ ed game room OPEN living con­ cept. Master bedroom, 18x1o, dollhouse. Nites 658-1428. . 
FRESH PAINT 
You ll find it hard to resist this 
Californian with custom drapes, freshly pointed inside and out. 
4-2-2, in excellent condition. 
Nites 658 1428. 
LOVE IS HERE 
3-2 2 with fireplace ... low equity and move in now. Close to elementary and super clean. 
Nites 826-7668. 
APPLIANCES STAY 
With custom drapes in this 3-2- 
2, super dean, Camelot ll home. 
Under $4ooo equity moves you in. Huge master bedroom. Cor­ ner lot. Nites 658-1428 
REAL CHARMER 
3-2-2, Volley Forge home, low equity, nice lawn, paneled garage, quick possession Nites 
822 9438. 
DAY OR NITE 
6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 

BUY OR SELL... 
H e re a re A re a s o n * w h y you should call D IX IE ROSE: 

1. We have been in business- tor 2o years in the h e a rt of 
Alam o H ot*, so we m u it be doms som ethin* rig h t! 
2. We hove not found it neces­ sary to Soma any Syndicate to give your property o ur 'p e r­ sonalized service’ 
J. No key is ever given to on agent to snow our listing*, we open and clo se th e hom e, checking oil light*, doors, etc. before locking up. 
4 Belong to MLS thereby ex­ p o s in g y o u r p r o p e r ty to hundred* of salespeople. 
5. Advertise daily. 
6. From the day property is listed with us, you can relax, we shop tor low interest rates tor the new Buyer and follow thru on everything necessary until the deal i* closed at the 
Title Company. 

Why not can us or com * by our office and le t'* talk over a cup ct coffee? 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
*24-7334, Anytim e 
5629 Broadway 
BUY VA 
No down, no closing. Just m ove in. 
Firs! paym ent In August. Choose your paym ent from *1*5 to S343. 
674-4 iJA . 
R § E Real Estate 

4.23 Acre Private Estate 

Improved with 32oo $q. ft. custom residence with 3 furnished guest cottages. Zoned Com­ mercial. Beautiful commanding view with 34o ft. 
IH 35 North Frontage. $195,ooo. No Down 
Payment. Interest only. 3o yr. terms. Monthly payment of $1381.25 gives you immediate possession. 

828-o443 

 u s - H o m e 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

5 M O D E L H O M E S 
FO R SALE 

CONVENTIONAL 5% DOWN 

We have several 3 bedroom plans. 

AU HOWES FEATURE: 

 is 1oo% Brick Construction \S \ 
'H a ndcraft 
Woodburningj 
Fireplace \S Energy is Saving 
Package iS Carpet u " f-mtral J heat air is Deluxe Magic Chef alii 
►Electric Kitchen ^ 2 Car Gorage] 

OPEN 9 - 9 
W O O D S TO N E 
CALL 
JOHN GILLIAM 
656-5474 

JNEM X aa AM M A 
* * * 
* 
*AF WH 

JUST LISTED 

Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in MINT CONDITION. Formal living mom, a large dining area off kit­ chen. An extra nice family room with beamed cathedral ceiling makes this an exceptional buy at 
$31,5oo. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
W M 121 656-552o 341-9191 

V a H M N M M m M B e ]7 o 

1oo% BRICK 
Lovely 3 bedroom homo on beau­ tiful lot, many trees. 1oo%elean - move right in • fresh paint in and out. Priced rig h t fo r quick sale. 
Mid 2o’s. 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Wqlzem Ole 

BY OWNER, 3-2-X Assume / ~ i% 
Conv, low quity, la rge corner lot, p riv a c y fe n ce , la rg e den w ith fireplace. All oppis. 656-325* 
Bv ow ner, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a tn i fe n cd b a c k y a rd , 2 d a y c o re centers and 3 shopping centers close, im m ediate possession. As­ sume loan and pay ow ner’s equi­ ty. Call after 6PM d a ily, a ll day 
Sat Sun. 699-1932. 
BY O W N E R - B R O O K W O O D - 
Windsor Park M all, 3-2-2 plus sit­ ting area 2ooo sq.ft. I y r old. *9ooo and assm paym ents af 
*378. 
655-6497 

•BY OWNER* 
D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
3 Bedroom, 4 bath. Saltillo tile and ca rp e t Huge m a s te r bed roo m and bath. Large gam e room , wet bar. Attached u tility bldg,, lorge ya rd , patio , m a n y tre e s V e ry private. 28Co Sq.Ft., NEISO. By cppt. only, 349-2oo7, a fte r 4 and wknds. Asking *77,ooo 

BY OWNEREL DORADO 
M ust see to c o m p a re th is im ­ m aculate 4-2-2, 3 y r. old hom e. 
Numerous extras. 
M id 
5o‘s. 
655-1o2* 

BY OWNER 
EL DORADO- 3-2-2, corner lot, 3 yrs. old. F re sh ly painted, la rg e fa m ilv ro o m ,fire p la ce , spacious m aste r bed roo m , u tility room , covered patio, b rick BSQ, water softener. M any a d d e d e x tra s ! 
545,9oo. 656-1336_________________ 
Bv owner, El Dorado, 4 2-2, for” m al living and d in in g , den w ith fireplace, approx 2ooo sq.ft. 7A4N 
VA. t $6-6333 
By owner, executive transferred 
28oo sq.ft. white stone contem por­ a ry home less than I year old. 
Located in beautiful Oak Hollow 
Estates north of Loop 41o OH San 
Pedro, 4 b e d ro o m , 2 'i b a th s. 
Cathedral ceilings, sunken living and fa m ily room s, fire p la c e , u l­ tra m o d e rn k itc h e n , V'7 b a th s, dou ble c o r g a ra g e , b a llro o m stairway, glazed q u a rry tile entry and kitchen, professionally lands­ caped, privacy fence, corner lot. 
Priced lo sell. *79,5oo. 494-I847. 
By owner, F a irfie ld , 3 2-2, large lot, covered patio, builtins, w ater softener *36,5oo. E xtras. 4SS-6473. 
BY OWNER immaculate 2 bedroom , 2 bath all b ric k . C e n tra l a ir- h e a t. On wooded lot. D esirable area near 
Broadway Not') Bank. *36,5oo. 
826-2224_______________________ 
By Owner in Camelot ll. 2 Story 
4-2',j-2, fully carpeted, fo rm a l liv ­ ing and dining room s, firepla ce in fa m ily room , fe n ce d , enclosed patio with gas g rill. Im m aculate condition. 545,5oo on assumption, amis *359. 
Reasonable equity. 
653-8299. 
By Owner in M a ry M ont, excep­ tional duality, good shade trees, m a n y s p e c ia l fe a tu re s . 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 3 b a th . *1oo,ooo, C a ll 
656-4978 to r a p p t, to see th is beautiful home. 
____________ 
By owner-landscaped wood and b rick, northeast hom e. A p pro x 
18oo sq t f liv in g a re a . N e a r schools. *34,5oo. c a ll 655-8535 
By O wner, L o ve ly G olf Course home at N orthern h ills, *69,5oo. 
656-5o7o for appt. 
No 
Agents 
Please 
• 
By Owner, M a cA rth u r Terrace. 
3-2-2, F o rm a l liv in g and d in in g room, covered patio, large trees, assum e S a lo o n o r re fin a n c e , 
538,ooo 655-6496 or 3*9-3755. 
BY OWNER, Modern J bedroom 
Townhouse, ail e le c tric kitchen, cornets, cathedral ceiling In liv- ing-dinmg area. Located in The 
Glen off Walzem Rd. Buy sm all eaulty, assum e paym ents, S185 mo. 732 34o2. M r. M ille r. 735-3524. 

By O w ner. M U S T S E L L ! 451o 
Clear Spring oft P e rrin Beitel Rd. 
I blk to E le m . 3 -lV z -i, c a rp e t, drapes, p rivacy fence. A l condi­ tion. *25,5oo. Can be bought Conv. 
PHA or assumption. Call 6S6-I9o3 or 144-1161 
Bv Owner 4-21, near Randolph 
*4o,75o or *8ooo assum ption, w ill carry 2nd. 45»-li35 

BY OWNER 
New listing, spacious 3-2-2, rock home. Separate livin g and dining rooms, den w ith fireplace, big eof rn kitchen, u tility room , covered p a tio , fe n ce d y a r d . C a rp e t, drapes, s e c u rity b a rs, paneled touble gorage, central heat- air. 
'% 
FH A lo a n , a s s u m e o r 
I lefinnnce. Coll 655-79*o iV OWN'ER":' 3-J-2, newly painted, i HE schools, *33,ooo, 7%, *234 mo. 
656-3382 a fte r 5, a n y tim e w ee­ kends No agents.__________ __ _ 

TRADE IN 

 your old house fo r a new all brick home. 

C A S Y T O D O : 

Y ou pick one o f o ur new homes and we take your o ld house in trade. N o bother, no double p a y ­ ments. 

C oil to d a y a * how to 

 tra d e in ro w ° ,d hous# on cr new ail brick home. 
859-o471 

Also Now in 
HERITAGE PARK 
With traditional Thousand Oaks quality. 
14215 SUSAN CREST 
4 Bedroom 
$49,9oo 
14127 SUSAN CREST 
3 Bedroom 
$47,9oo 
1441o CHADBOURNE 
3 Bedroom Split-level 
$53,9oo 

"W INDSOR SQUARE’ 
Make yours the lucky fam i­ ly to call this house home. 3 bedrooms, 
2 decorator baths, all appliances remain. Take I short hour to see o lifetim e of pleasant living 

“El DORADO” 
A house who's gracious charm w ill strike a responsive .chord in home hungry hearts. 
3 bed­ rooms, 
2 baths, good assumption. 

Call 822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 
4 

494-6511 
494-6526 

BY OWNER 
NORTHERN H ILLS 
23oo sa.tt. 2 story custom home. 4 large bedrooms, all w ith lighted w alk-in closets. AD T fire a la rm system, custom drapes, gas BSQ, w ater softener. M uch m o re l As­ sume or refinance cony. *62,5oo. 
Call 655-o593 

BY OWNERS 
FR EE R e ferrals to other homes 
"F o r Sale Bv O w ner" 342-9393. 
San Antonio Homeowners Broker 
BY OW NER 
The C rest in Live 
Oak. 745o Hidden Oak. 3-2-2. L iv ­ ing, den, ail am enities including new w-w carpet thruout. Perfect move-in condition, v a appraised 
*35,325, a ssum e *297 mo 
B at. 
*29,ooo or new loon. 656-8123 
By Owner. Thousand Oaks. 3-2-2, living, dining, den, to, tut) carpet, cath, ceiling, cent air-h e a t, cust drapes, bk area, in te rco m , coy patio, p riv fence, I y r old. Assume equity 494-5145_________________ 
Bv O wner- T ra n s fe r force s im - ll m edia te sale below a p p ra is a l. 
Close tc Randolph, off PM 16o4 in 
M eadow O aks. 1oo% B ric k on corner lot o verlo oking pool anti j te n n is c o u rts 4-2-2, fire p la c e , fa m ily and liv in g room s. C athe­ d ra l c e ilin g , bay w in d o w . W as *■ 
$47,ooo- Now *43,5oo. 659-1o49 
By O w ner, V a lle y F orge, 3-2-2, den, carpet, *286 mo $3,ooo equi­ ty. No agents. 656-7378.__________ 

NIVER BEFORE ON MARKET 
Built by present owner. Designed by O m it, Ford, Brasset building contractor, landscaping by Arthur 
Berger. This is truly a magnificent property on almost 2 heavily wooded ocres in the Alamo Hgtt 
School District. 

SPANISH COLONIAl-TMI 
Delightful 
I story brick, on beautiful sprinkled grounds, with mature ooks. Designed by owner architect with mony special handcrafted features for tnis home. 

SUPERB LOCATION 
65oo sq. ft. of luxury at a fraction of replacement cost. 
5 large bedrooms (master is 26.7x19 7 with huge dressing area), living room is 29.9x26 9 (fireplace). Din­ ing room is 21.7x1* (brightly shuttered and interesting cement tile flooring). Family room is 4ox- 
17.4 (wet bor and built ins.) 

TERREII HfUS HILLTOP 
Completely restored interior with lovely custom kitchen and beths. living room 
(slate fireplace), lorge sepware dining and bteekArsf rooms. 4 bedrooms, 2 
•ming rooms, high ceilings, dark stained floors, new roof Please coll us for many details on this 
“sun filled beauty". 

BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL 
2 story with basement game room. living room 
(fireplace) separate dining, morning room, breakfast room and powder room down. All large bedrooms up with dressing room off master suite. 
Sprinkled grounds with pool. 

MAGNIFICENT TRUE 

Georgian Colonia! Designed for present owner by Bartlett Cocke. 
25' master bedroom with fireplace, large living room with fireplace, separate dining, brick floored walnut paneled family room, beautiful gardened patio with fountain. 

WALK TO AH SCHOOLS 

Charming all brick one story, with 1 paneled family room, living-din-1 ing rooms, oil electric kitchen, I central heot oir, electric gorage door and beautiful pool. 5o's. 

HISTORICAL AREA 4o'S 
Remodeling begun so that you may finish to suit your taste. Old brick, old doors, high ceilings, hardwood floors, fireplace with old mantle, etc. 

TERREII HILLS-A.H. Schools 
On a beautiful, sprinkled corner lot with circular drive, Arizona ledgestone, I story with thick shove roof, 4 or 5 bedrooms plus quarters. 3 car concrete floored goroge. 

TERREII HIUS-AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful one story on a corner, living room with fireplace. 
Seporote dining room, family room. (Redondo tile floor), 4 bedrooms, plus guest house. 
Gorgeous new kitchen. 824 3233, 
822-5973, 822-91o3, 826-oo49 

San Antonio EXPR E S S-N E W S — Sunday April 24 I 9 7 7 
_____ 
Page I I -C 

21o BBHSE548oBTHtA8T 
21o HOUSf848oKTH»Sr 
21o - tWUStSAIOBTHtAST 
ZIP HO’JStS NOBTHMST 

■ a a — 

•‘FIRST OFFERING" 
"T M I” 

Charming 2 story, walk to Alamo 
Hgts Schools. Call for details 

“TERREII HULS” 

 large family home consisting of 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, newly pointed inside and out Priced reduced. 

"ALAM O HGTS." 

 lf you're interested in a ‘ redo'' call us about this home near 
Cambridge School Priced in the 
3o s 
Office 822-33o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

_ MAKE US AN OFFER 
O w n e r i t a n x io u s a n a n e e d s ta i« l) q u ic k ly , lo ts o f s to ra g e a na n il k ite Hen a p p lto n te *. c a rp e l - 
I * ! a n a d r a i n m a k e m n 
3 b e d ro o m 
3 butts H e m * a g o a d b o y . O w n e r w a n t* $ 3 7 ,5 o o b u t w ill litte n ta y o u r o tte r, 
Ca« 8 3 * .$ 7 o 4 , 
VALENCIA 
Thi» o n * 
I i fo n to s fic w ith 
4 b e d ro o m *, 2 b a th *, d a n , fa m ily 

 r n , * . . O 
T d d 
, b°;;r* p riv ile g e * , la r g e and ro o m y 
7 5 % b ris k an d c e d e r. Y o u m u tt 
$ 4 J ,7 S o . 
Com 
o 2 8 - m 
* ! 

 n j n n n r r n 

BOA RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 

NO DOWN to anyone, new list of 
G overnm ent approved - financed homes 3-4 bedroom s som e ap pliances First paym ent July 
222-9416TERRA R E A L ? Y24 HPS 
NO Q U A LIFY IN G 3 bedroom *. 7 baths a ttach ed o a r age, c e n tra l beat-air, range, dishwasher, gar beroe disposal, sm oke d e fe c to r, i private fence Low equity, month 
I Iv p a y m e n t* *249 
T o ta l p ric e 
*27.o5o CHARLES W A T T * RE AL 
ESTATE 732-2918, 732 5355. 

CAMELOT I luxury 3 bedroom, 2 VY bath fownhome in quiet area. Fully carpeted, excellent condition thruout. Qouble gorage. 

LOW EQUITY let u* show you thi* 
2 bedroom, 2 bath tawnhome with completely equipped kit­ chen. Convenient to Randolph, 
Et, Sam and Windsor Park Moll. 
Immediate occupancy. 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 

CAU 653-o57o ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

FIRST OFFERING 
T E R R E L L HILLS 
Lovely spilt level C ontem porary 
Completely new gourm et kitchen, la rge living areas 3-2. 826-3349 

CAROLYN 6RAHAM 
REALTOR 
826 8673 A nytim e 

F IR S T O F F E R IN G 

HISTORIC AREA 
Beautifully restored, im m aculate 
2-story home, 5 bedrooms- 2 up, 3 dow n, lf you lik e s o ft c o lo rs , gleem m g flo o rs, bevelled glass, fire p la c e , see th is. G ia n t ooks 
Shad® the patio, *59,5oo 824-4571 

Nelson Cory. REALTORS 
FIRST O FFE R IN G 
D elightfully decorated 3 bedroom home in East T e rrill Hills. Lorge playhouse n backyard. O ttered af 
*21,75o. 826-6388. 

BEAVIS REALTY CO 
FOR FAST fille service w ith no 
U n necessary d e la y le t A L A M O 
T IT LE 
CO. handle the 
Deal. 
227-o231. 
For sale or rent. 4-2-2 Fox Run. 
Pool, fireplace. 1992 sq.ft. 655-2981 
FOX RUN, 4-2-2, cedar patio, 2 liv in g a re a s , la rg e k itc h e n , 
*52,5oo, By Owner. 656-9o64. 

 f e a r 
JSf* IE A L TO « 9 

163o2 H A L IF A X , Fox Run. O ft 
N a c o g d o c h e s , n e a r 16o4, 4-2 
B rick, landscaped corner tot. Roy 
Leslie 
Co. 
822-7o34, 
734-2244, 
453-42o7 

L ik e h ew ! A ll b ric k 3-i-2, fir e ­ place in huge one liv in g a re a , dining oft b rig h t end cheery k it­ chen, soft green short shag c a r­ pet, 18x12 m a ste r bedroom and more. Approx. 3,SOO m ove-in cost, 
828-4545 PRIAKOS R LTY 654-o975 

NORTHERN HILLS 
3-2-2 w ith forge liv in g room and din rn® room that mav be convert­ ed to 4th b d rm o r g a m e ra o m 
|oO% brick w ith fireplace. *4 ],VOO 
Call 824-o171 for appt. 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
NORTHERN 
HILLS area 
NO 
DOWN 
A nyone’ All b ric k 4 bedroom , J baths, a ir, separate living, dining. 4*2-/9o2 or 494-5713 c a rp e t, a o p lta n c e d k itc h e n , fenced. P ym t approx. $295. 
828-4545 PRIAKOS R LTY 654-o975 

ROOM-A TISM 
About 2.ooo sq.ft. in this rock ’n cedar 4 bedroom hom e In OAK 
HOLLOW ESTATES. One HUGE 
L IV IN G A R C A w ith c a th e d ra l ceding and great fire p la ce . M as­ ter bedroom by Itself C entral and b u ilt rn e v e ry th in g 
IO m o n th s young and in prim e area 
*58,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
496-4811 
Guy Ciiipman Go 

S A N P E D R O H IL L S 
1 Lorge b ackya rd, t b d rm *, single 
■ liv in g a re a w ith fir e p la c e . 
Popular neighborhood P riced at 
OMV *48,5oo 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
, 
________ REALTORS 
SAN P E D R O M IL L S , lik e new j stone 3-2 2, fire p la c e , e x tr a * . 

IEALTY WORLD 

A W o rld o f D iffe re n ce 1' 
|For m em bership in fo rm a tio n 
349-1663, San Antonio 

(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

HIGH COUNTRY 

 lust listed 4-2-2 with 2 living area*, dining room and 
‘"solace. Covered patio, elec­ tric gorage. vi« SOO. Nites 656- 
6332. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY of HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

MOVE IN- 
NOTHING DOWN 

S m ral northeast homes. 3 bed­ room, I VI baths, combination liv­ ing-dining rooms, some with fami­ ly rooms and fireplaces. Garage, fenced, patios, trees, low 2o s. 
Eosy term*, lust a PHONE CAU awayl 

SOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 - 6 2 T I 

LOW EQUITY 

IN WINDCREST 
L a rg e 3 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith separate livin g , dining and fa m ily room. Big yard w ith m any trees 
*45,5oo. 
653*435o 
Deanie Owens Ca 
R EALTO R S-W oliemOfc. 

By O w ner, V a le n cia , 4-2-2, cul- de-sac, fireplace, patio. All b rick. 
Extras gator. Vacant. 656-o817 
By Owner. 3-2-2, Valencia. Living room and la rg e fa m ily ro o m . 
Cathedral ceilings, fu lly carpeted, covered patio, u tility room . Beau­ tif u lly la n d s c a p e d la w n . Lo w 
7%%loan, *267. per mo. *34,6oo. 
454-87o4. 
Bv ow ner, Valencia, 3-2-2, cape carpeted, a ll m o to r a pp lia nces, cu s to m d ra p e s , p a tio c o v e r, landscaped yard, 7%V-A. Assume or refinance *37,5oo. Call 656-8228. 

BRICK COLONIAL 
OFF PERRIN BEITEL lovely 3-2 2 with large brick fireplace in fomily room, formal living and dining, covered patio and many other extras. Assume 
7% VA ar refinance. 

Under $4o,ooo 

See to Appreciate! 

Call Owner-Broker 

Home 653-2356 

Sd sin, 

HOT AREA-836,SSO 
O ff San P edro. 4-2-2 fire p la c e , carpet, appliances, u tiitty room , finished garage. Call anytim e. 
828-4545 PRIAKOS R LTY 654-o975 

HUBE LIVING ABEA 
This 3 bedroom home has it alt. 
L a rg e den, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g s , fire p la c e , fo rm a l d in in g a re a , p rivacy fenced corner lot. Under 
*4o,ooo. 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o-95o2 

LOW PAYMENTS 
Reasonable investm ent w ith low m o n th ly p a y m e n t o f *179 , on 
786% VA loan 3 bedroom , 2 bath, caroeted livin g roam, single ear garage has been converted into fam ily room with paneling, shag carpet and a ir conditioning Gold kitchen appliances. Good location 
658-3535 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTOR S-Randolph Ole 

BY O W N ER -V ILLAGE NORTH 
4 2 2 on corner lot, separate fo r­ m al room s, fa m ily room , eat in kitchen, walk to elem entary, fresh point-quick occupancy. 6*5-9745. 
BY OWNER- 3-1',J I, 4 years old. 
Woodlake. Lots of extras. Assume 
*2oo mo., 458oo equity. 661-6148. 
BY O W N E R . 4 y e a r o ld 5 b e ­ droom , sw im m ing pool. Close to 
Randolph, shopping and schools. 
8% FHA mortgage. M. Robinson 
659-1928, Evenings 658 6o29 
616 CAMDEN 
.......... 
A do it yourself older home, IO ft ceilings, hardwood floors, livin g , d in in g , 4 b e d ro o m s, s c re e n e d porch. $27,ooo 
H S R E A LT Y 
824 7417 
344-5633 

CAMELOT 
Clean 4 bedroom, 2'» bath home situ a te d on a Quiet cul-de-sac. 
Fully carpeted, 2 living areas w ith fire p la c e in fa m ilv ro o m . N .E . 
S ch ools. A v a ila b le now 
F o r 
Viewing, call 454-1844 A N Y TIM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
CAMELOT ll, 4-2-1. *3,25o-£quity, pints $239. 656-o494._____________ 
C a m e lo t. L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , c e n tra l h e o t-a ir, s to v e , d is h ­ w a s h e r, r e fr ig e r a to r . 
E a sy term s, assume 5167 p er mo. or refinance, w ilt trade 
BOB OePAOLO 
364-3o91 
REALTOR 

CHARMER im m aculate 3 bedroom home with liv in g and d in in g room , fa m ily room, carpeting, central heat-air, covered patio, only *2,75o. Nites 
454-6751. 
Century 21 
M O N EY S A V E R S R E A LT Y 
656 242o A N Y TIM E 
CHAR M I NG C O T I1 AG E 7 
In need of TLC . L iv in g room w ith fire p la c e , s e p a ra te d in in g , 2-t plus qts. 2o’S. 732-1291, 826 56oo 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
824-8673 Anytim e 

 c h u r c h il l h ig h id n o o L 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, den. fireplace, plush ca rp e l, ca th e d ra l ceiling, m ic ro -w a v e oven , e le c tric k it ­ chen, big lot. 349-65o3, 826-69o3 

D E M A N D LOCATION lo ve ly O l­ mos P a rk home. S pacious th ru - out. 3 2'/J. Pno! Olus qts, 822-3315, 
826 3738, 828-1962 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
I REALTOR 
826-8673 A nytim e 
DOLLHOUSE 
! Well cared for 3 bedroom , 2 bath i home Close to Ft. Sam o r R an­ d o lp h , p re fe rre d 
N o rth e a s t schools, convenient to W indsor 
P a rk M a ll. O nly *33,9oo. C o ll 
824-o17) for appt. 
DED CARPET 
________ REALTORS__________ 

DOUBLE FIREPLACE 
Separates the la rg e liv in g and fa m ilv room in this lo v e ly 3 be­ droom home on a corner lot. It is a decorators dream . Low, low 5o’s. 
349-153* or 349 s ill, anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Lockhill Selma Ole 

D R A M A T I C fro m it's g ra c io u s e n try to its beautiful oak trees. T ra d itio n a l or 
C o nte m po rary deco r F abulous kitchen Flexible Boer plan. Alamo 
Hgts Schools St M arys H ail 
FRANCES LEVENSON 
225-2398 
AN YTIM E 
732-4951 
EL DO R A D O •B Y OWNER 
3-2-2, spacious m aster bedroom , sunken living room w ith fireplace. 
Fam ily room, carpeted thru-out, fenced yard. No agents. 653-5874, 
656-3424 

HORLEY 824 1279 L24 Hrs) new homes VA-FHA-Conv 
*26,5oo *125,ooo A ll areas 
We find it or build lf 

LOW TW ENTIES 
Several 3 bedroom properties ore a vailab le fo r your im m ediate in spection. M av be purchased VA- 
FHA. Please coll tor an appoint­ m ent to see. 

9 M 
H 
D 
U 
! 

$41,9oo 
Inside Loop 41o on la rge lot close ta C entral P o rk and N o rth Star 
M a lls . 3-2-2 b ric k and stu cco . 
Large livin g area w ith fire p la ce sepa ratin g dining area. BONUS se p a ra te q u a rte rs w ifn b a th a t­ tached to garage. 824-o17) 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

LU X U R Y HOME 
M ust see to appreciate fills plush 
4-2-2 in V alencia. Covered patio, intercom , 2 living areas. $41,9oo 
824-o171 
RED CARPET r e a l t o r s 
LU X U R Y LIV IN G . This plush 3 b d rm hom e s p o rts a fa b u lo u s view and is located in 1ooo Oaks. 
So m any extras, and an absolute m ust to see to appreciate. 494-5221 

RED CARPET 

NORTHERN HILLS 
By O w n e r, 3-2-2, s in g le liv in g a re a , d in in g ro o m , fire p la c e , corner lo t, disconnected garage w ith covered breezeway. $43,2oo. 
653 3o64 

NORTHERN HILLS 
New on the m a rk e t! By ow ner. 
3-2-2 an brick, 2 living areas, Wre- piace, patio cover, fence 656-2352 

SAN PEDRO HILLS (Oak Hollow 
E stotes-O ff B ro o k h o llo w ) H and­ some 3-2-2 brick w ith FP. J52.95o, 
JONES-KING 826-2439 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
POWER SAVER H O M E , lo v e ly 
2166 sa ft, 4-2' J home w ith m ony decorator features. B u ilt w ith 2x* w alls and heat pum p to save on 
Utilities. *56.ooo 
POWERSAYER 
REALTO RS. 
149-941o 

SAVE ENERGY 

NORTHERN HILLS 
B ig, spacious 4-2-2. A g o lfe r's dream A vailable today. 
NIBLOCK REALTY B53-1873 
N O R T H S ta r M a li a re a - (By 
O w n e r. W a lkin g d is!, to cle m schoo l- bus. 3 b d rm s . 2 b a th s , garage, cen tra l air- heat. 824-4447 
. 
NOW IS THE T IM E 
To buy this lovely Spanish styled home in me highly desirable area of E ld o ra d o Just rig h t fo r the grow ing fam ily with « bdrm s and 
2 baths. W ill sell Q uickly at th is price, so act now 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
OAK HOLLOW 
Please your wife. 3-2*2, g iant be­ droom suite, e x tra la rg e fa m ily area w ith fireplace, gorgeous k it­ chen- b u llt-ln s, tre e -co ve re d lo t and m uch m ore. 656-1234 

RED CARPET 

SAVE HME! 
E n erg y saving one liv in g are a . w a lkin g distance to e le m e n fry - middle - and high School. Access to a ll kinds of shopping w ith o u t getting on “ the super sla b ," Colt today 
653-435o 
Deanie Owens Co 
I r e A l t o RS-w o I rem O ft 

SCHERTZ la rge J-J-i energy sav­ in g hom e, gold c a rp e t, te n te d yard *24,9oo. 
ROSSI R E A LT Y 
494-77*1 
SEE THIS 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, ce n tra l heot­ o ir, carpeting, com plete kitchen, curtains drapes. S28.SoO 655-7713 
TANGLEW OOD R E A LT Y 

O FF GEVERS. Needs repairs, 2 b e d ro o m . Low e q u ity , m o n th ly paym ents *47, 9% in te re st, toto) p ric e *4,ooo. C H A R LE S W ATTS 
R E A L ESTATE 732-2911, 732-S3SS, 
228-91o4, 732-7184. 
OFF NACOGDOCHES N ortheast 
S ch ool D is tr ic t, 4 b e d ro o m , J baths, c e n tra l h e o t-a lr, ra n g e , re frlg , m o nthly p aym ents *19o, in t. 
8% , *24,ooo. C H A R L E S 
WATTS R E A L ESATE 732-2918, 
732 5355, 228-91o4, 732-7)84. 
O FF SAN PE D R O . A ll b ric k 3 bedroom, 2 bath, central heot-air, w ail to w all carpets, double g a r­ ag e , la rg e e q u ity , m o n th ly paym ents $149, Int. 5%, *42,5oo. 
C H A R L E S W ATTS R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732-2918, 732-5355. 
OH! WHAT A 
R E L IE F IT IS 
To know y o u ’ ve fo und ju s t th e rig h t 3 bedroom home near RAN- 
DO LPH A F B in U n ive rsa l C ity 
A n d it has a ^ re p la c e d H yin g ro o m , lo v e ly fa m ily ro o m , a ll am enities Budgeted at $38,ooo 
REALTORS 
653-7141 
Guy Ciiipman Co 

OLMOS PARK 
Come sm ell the M AG NO LIAS th a t go w ith this gracious older home. 
2 story, 1oo% stucco, w ith o sun­ ken living room, sp ira l staircase, 
3 bedrooms, fireoiaced entertain­ ing area and a true m usic room 
G ran d e n te rta in in g m av be en­ joyed here. C om pletely updated kitchen... quarters. 2,9oo so. If, of liv in g sooce. A page out of yes­ terday. Ottered at $98,5oo. 
REALTORS 
824-9631 
Guy Ciiipman Co 

JUST LISTE D 
W alk to N im itz and Lee. The per le ct location, 2 b locks of bus, I block to shopping center. 3 large bedrooms, 2 tile baths, 19x11 den, new kitchen, new carpets, central h e a t-a ir 
A lo vely home p ric e d rig h t *39,9oo 344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
REALTORS MLS________ 
JUST LIS T E D !- On a lovely free sh a d e d s tre e t In 
F a ir fie ld . 
S p a c io u s 3 b e d ro o m , 2 s to ry hom e. C o n ve n ie n t to F t. Sam 
N ortheast schools. *32,9oo. C all 
342-3211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E ALTOR5-5o Years of TRUST 
JUST L IS T E D ’ Super townhouse w ith I large livin g area, spacious kitchen and eating area. Trem en­ dous m aster suite and bath, plus 2 bedroom , 1’ » bath. Low equity. 
No city Taxes. *28,5oo. 494-7651 
A N Y TIM E 

LU X U R Y 4-2-2 on CORNER 
No down anyone! F orm al dining room, paneled fa m ily room with huge w oodburning fireplace, low shoo thruout, breakfast area in electric kitchen, u tility room, and m ore, only *39o m onthly. 
344-5564 H a rt M cC orm ick 344 29-»3 

LUXURY TOWNHOUSES 
2 and 3 bedroom units, lorge fly ­ ing oreos, rock fireplace, custom kitchen, beautifully situated north 
San Antonio area. From *46,ooo. 

UNDMARK, REALTORS 
69o-95o2 
MACARTH UR, 
Madison, 
Regency 
No down anyone! B rick 4-2-1 separate dining, livin g areas, a ir, dishwasher, range, fence and s till only $29o m onthly! 

O LM O S P A R K 
E le g a n t 3 be broom , V t bath residence, m any fin e r features lake electronic pol­ len filte rs, bosket weave c irc u la r patio, m iniatu re greenhouse. F o r confidential discussion, call Betty 
Green. 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
ONCE UPON A TIM E 
There was a fam ily who wanted m o re th a n ju st a place to liv e 
M om w a n te d a b e a u tifu l 4 be broom nome w ith ail the builf-ins, 
Dad and the kids wanted a POOL 
A la s, th e y didn t h ove a fa ir y 
G o d m o fh o r b ut they did fin d i nicely landscaped home in COR 
ON A D O 
V IL L A G E fo r o n ly 
$49,ooo And it has e verything ! 
REALTORS 
658-7oo7 
Guy Ciiipman Co 

SELLING YOUR HOM E? 
Our guaranteed sale plan m ay be of in terest. D etails at no obliga lion Rough Rider R ealty, 6S4-/I3I 
Spacious and gracious! O ver 6ooo sa ft. (per county tax records) of lu xury Hying situated on 14- acre in p re s tig io u s T e r r e ll H ills . 4 m a s te r-s lz e b e d ro o m s , 3 f ir e ­ places, updated and m odern for to d a y's busy Itte -s ty le . 2 ro o m q u a rte rs or guest house. B elow re p la c e m e n t c o s t a t S23S.oOO. 
494-7**1 A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW $ KLINE 
REALTORS 5o Years of TRUST 

SPACIOUS AND GRACIOUS 
Spanish co u rt y a rd e n tra n ce ta this lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, one livin g area home w ith firepla ce 
Raised dining room, covered pa­ tio on a priva cy fenced corner lot. 
JUST L IS T E D ! *57,8oo In OAK 
HAVEN HGTS. 
349-1436 A n y tim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, REALTORS________ 
SPECIAL FOR THE W EE K 
N E S c h o o ls , 3-2-2, on q u ie t cul de sac, all kitchen opphonci s rem ain. Carpets, and drapes can be bought your w ay now* 
654-7131. 
ROUGH R ID E R R E A LT Y 

OPEN HOUSE 
F e a tu re d this w e ekend in Fox 
Run. Parade of Homes fo r 5ote By 
O w ner. Come look around . One could be ju st w hat you w a n t! 3 
P rice ranges- 3 flo o r plans and e xtra features lo each home 
I67o3 Ft. Oswego- 4-2-2, pool, fire ­ place, 199/ sq.ft. *59,8oo *55-2981 
1&614 Hunting valley- 4-2-2, large kitchen , cedar patio cover, 2ooo sq.ft. *52,5oo. 656-9o64 
6414 Nothan Hale- 3-2-2, targe liv ­ in g a re a , tre e d lo t, 17oo s q .ft. 
$49,9oo. 656-7755 
! 
OUTSTANDING *49,5oo 
I 4-2-2, double ovens, auto garage 
. .. . o p e n e r, c o m p le te ly c a rp e te d . 
344-5564 H a rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 large yard, refinance or assume. 

SI UNNING CO NTEM PO RAR Y 2 story white b ric k w ith lots of glass on w e ll la n d s c a p e d lo t. $ b e ­ drooms, 2' J baths, b rig h t kitchen and b re a k fa s t a re a . L o rg e den w ith w etbar and double fireplace, separate d in in g ro o m . A gam e room fo r the c h ild re n u p sta irs 
Move in condition. Call 824 ot2t 
A N Y TIM E 

S U P E R C L E A N - L e s s th a n 2 years old. 3 bedroom, 2 bath. Sin 
S te living area and fo rm a l dining, uiet cul de sac lot. Assume low equity and move 
In! 
824-o121 
A N Y TIM E 

TE R R E L L H ILLS 
V ery sound up-dated home on ex­ tra large lot to r *45,ooo See our fre s h ly painted 3 b d rm , 3 b o th surprise, so convenient to Ft Sam and the busline. 824-o171, Niles 
455-142! 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
T E R R E LL H ILLS 

ELDORADO 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant - 4 bedroom -1 living area 
• fireplace - alm ost new • corner lot fenced 
NO RTHEAST SCHOOLS 
: Easy assum ption • low equity 8% loan 
69o-934o 
341-428* 
CLIN T W EILBACH ER 

M ost unusual hom e In a choice area, available Im m ediately. This 
I sto ry home w ith J bedroom s, p lu s G A M E RO O M o r 4th b e ­ droom, situated on a lovely treed lot is o DECO RATOR’S D R EA M 
T he re’s a P A R T Y HOUSE w ith w e t b a r, w h ite b ric k B BO and separate sm all bedroom w ith both and shower F IL L E D POOL could be excavated. Q U AR TER S w ith bath. Today, the lot is as valuable as th e h om e 
W E L L W O R T H 
CONSIDERING. There lu st Isn t much m ore available land in this area. As is, *78,4oo. 
REALTORS 
824-9631 
Guy Ciiipman Co 

T E R R E LL H ILLS 
D U P LE X 
*26,ooo dow n 6%% 
P a y m e n ts And they ore few and to r between 
*241. By appt 654-6o39: 227-8952. I in this area. Well m aintained cus- o w n a a u p r s ’ 
— — • )om built w ith cathedral ceiling. 

G re a t... th is C a lifo rn ia p la n , t ° " „h 
5 °T i 1, ^ E J ,I 
* 
.°r'1 story, 4 bedroom home has a pad 
^ 
® ® for it. Near Randolph AFB. otter- V *™ 
M f ram ing every convenience A ll built- *r 9 9 $ o n d s p r in k le r s y s te m , ins, b irc h paneled den, covered Cohered pot!*. p a tio a n d la rg e p riv a c y y a rd . **«<»o- 
REALTORS 
494-7/71 
SEE IT TO DAY! 
*36,9oo 
REALTORS 
4*1-7141 

COLONIAL 
Red b ric k 3 bed roo m hom e in 
M a c A rth u r T e rra c e B e a u tifu l b u ilt ins and lovely fire p la c e in the 25x13 It fam ily room. Freshly painted and im m aculate. Profes­ sionally landscaped yard. *51,5oo. 
144-8348 
Grace Arnold 
REALTORS MLS________ 
C O M F O R T A B LE 4-2-2, ca rp e t, built-ins, firepla ced den, extras. 
*43,825. Coil 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
CHUR CH ILL SCHOOL DISTRICT 
S urrounds this c h a rm in g new I bedoom, 2 bath home, single liv ­ ing area w ith c o rn e r fire p la c e , built-in kitchen, central heat and a ir, d o u b le g a ra g e . $49,9oo, 
341-77o1, nites 494 7666 Ask tor 
O L Iv e B IZ Z E LLE 

By ow ner, 3-2-2, plus room fo r your R-V's, too m any e x tra s to list. *47,5oo. 653-o879 or 656-1441. 
ELDORADO. 3-2-2, m any extros. 
Great location, neighborhood. 
656-5o11. 
^E LD O R A D O M O DEL HOME 
3 2-2. self cleaning oven, w a ter softener, firepla ce slab, and loo much to list. In the 4o't. 656 1234 

RED CARPET 

E L lS G A N f Northwood Estates 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s , fire p la c e , m anicured lawn. $54,VOO. Call 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 

$76oo EQUITY! t yr. old 4-2'/j-2, Near W indcrest. - 
L a rg e 2-story home. A ll areas. ! 
M int condition. Coli 
CUNHA REALTY 
453-4t11 

JUST LISTED 
NORTHERN H ILLS. 4 bedrooms, 
' I baths, sp lit bedroom s, fle xib le 
! living arrangem ent. Im m aculate condition. W elk to c o u n try club. 
1 High 4o % 
M orjio Horton 344-2341, 653-5936 
; K IR B Y • 3-2-2, corner M any ex- tros. *35,ooo. 661-4115. __________ 
Large 2 bedroom , I bath, older hom e. L a rg e liv in g and d in in g ro o m . P a n e le d th ru -o u t a n d freshly painted. *12,5oo 
Family Beatty 
732-8111 
" 

[.TERRILL HILLS HGTS 
4 bedroom s, double garage, a ll b r ic k b e a u ty . M a n y e x tra s ! 
*35,5oo, assume or refinance. 
BODDY UECKER 824-7361 
E X C E LLE N T LOCATION in Son 
P e d ro H ills ! A ttr a c tiv e , w e ll 

Let's Make a Date 
! Yes, to see this tru ly beautiful and outstanding 3 bdrm , 2 bath, 2-tar garage home. You w ill fa ll in love 
: w ith this location close to schools in the Northeast. Only $29,95o 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_______ R E A LT O R S __________ 
L IF E IN LIV E OAK 
Fine fo m ily Hying in 3 bedroom hom e, g re a t stone fire p la c e in 

6888 MONTGOMERY RD. 
R em odeled and cu stom ized a ll brick 2 bedroom, 2 bath home on 
1.2 acres. 2 living areas with fire ­ pla ce in fa m ily ro o m . A il new top of-the-iine appliances recently j installed. 2 patios, double garage 
I plus e xtra parkin g pad. C ountry , 
I living on the edge of town. M ust \ see to appreciate For details and 
I viewlnp, call 342-411* A N Y T IM E 
WORLD BIDE REALTY 
! 
MOVE-IN IM M E D IA T E L Y 
I 
! No q u a lifyin g! O nly *295 m onthly 
I clean 3-2-2, separate living and 
: fam ily room s, oaN n appiianced : kitchen, low equity. Camelot ll 
: 344 5544 H a rt M cC orm ick 344-2993 j 

65oo 
Move In. Neat patio home. 2 be-, d ro o m s , c a rp e te d liv in g . Re fn g e ra to r, dishw asher Included now just sit,4oo jo h n 
G ray, 
696-533o. 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

MRS. CLEAN 
; 4 bedrooms! Thats Good! 2 bath! i Thats Nice F am ily room ! Sure 
F irep lace! You Bet. C orner lot! 

Guy Ctiipman Co Guy Chlpman Co 

P E R F E C T 
STARTER 
HOME 
Lovely 3 bdrm home w ith w a ll to w all carpeting thruout in desired 
N E. location Walk to la rge shop 
Ping center. Only $21,5oo on open term s. 8/4-o171 

RED CARPET 

 m aintained, ail brick home with 2 fa m ily ro o m , w a lk lo s c h o o l, i liv in g and d in in g a re a s , 3 be drooms, 2 baths. F irep lace, car­ p e t th ro u g h o u t. N E s c h o o ls . 
Under 
*5o,ooo. 
Call 
494-765! 
AN YTIM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years of TRUST 

Under 4o. 654-1234 

RED CARPET 

JO H N FLO URNO Y IN C executive h o m e 

COUNTRY LIV IN G af its best. 1.9 acres, trees galore, spacious 4-3-2, hea ted and a ir conditioned kennels fo r dogs or horses, cyclone fencing around property. 824-o171 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
COUNTRY LIV IN G . Jus! over IC acres of good sandy land, fronts on Pleasanton Road. 3 bedroom home, bunk house, horse stalls, : hog pens, im plem ent shed, sm all \ tank, fenced. Cowboy’s d e lig h t! 
494-7651 A N Y TIM E 

A b e a u tifu l b rig h t 4 b e d ro o m , 
2 % -b a th , o r 3 b e d ro o m s and study. 22x17 great room w ith a corner fire p la ce and a w e t b ar. 
L a rg e fo rm a l d in in g , c u s to m d ra p e s and a q u ie t cu l-d e -s a c location. $74,5oo. 342-4177, nites 
344-5371. 
B ILL SOUTHERN R EALTO R 

FANTASTIC lf you like elegance, com fo rt and room to spread out, 4 bedrooms, 
3' j baths, s p rin k le r system on lo v e ly tre e d lo t. 2 m a s te r be ­ drooms, low 7o'$ in San Pedro 
Hills. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 A nytim e 

LIF E 'S TOO SHORT to throw aw ay rent money. Invesi in this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in 
K irb y, 2 living areas, fenced yard 
*32,ooo. Niles 655-2668 
Century 21 
HAP RESER *53-61*2 A nytim e 

UVE OAK VILLAGE 
Cleanest 3-2-2 in town. A va ila ble now. Term s negotiable 
NIBIUCK REALTY KS3-1873 

 looking fo r space? 
C entury2l 
We can (five it to you! A spacious ja m e s G lascock * Assoc 
5 b e d ro o m , 2 ',j b a th hom e i n 
— 
— 
------- 
Cam elot ll. Separate livin g , d in ­ ing and fam ily room s' $48,5oo 
341-4491 
Niles 824-6762, 342-7557 
GEORGE FLOOD, REALTORS 

Nothing, Only *41,5oo. F or m ore 
Call 
824-2391 ( A n y t im e ) 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Austin Hwy Qtc 
NEAR T R IN IT Y b ric k home in quiet location. Country kitchen, 2 fireplaces, >2, 826-5893, 733-8946 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
824-8673 Anytim e 
NEAR WINDSOR PARK M A LL 
Owner is being tra n s fe rre d and m ust sell this lovely 3-2-2, extras include covered patio, autom atic garage , p riv a c y fence, b u ilt-in kitchen and m any m ore. *34,8oo 
Coli today! 656 7717 

T E R R E LL H ILLS 
Ju st listed, 2 bedroom s, liv in g , 
O wner anxious” Quiet area near v h onu' 
NS M ail. 3-2-1, Stove, dishwasher, i 
» S T * 
9 
Scft<>o<*' Co" 
IdT-Oifi! 
KUtH rOlleS. 
341-9144 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTOR S 

TERRELL HILLS 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
Only the most d iscrim in a tin g w ilt w a n t to be sh o w n th is m a s - ntficient home. Too m any lu x u ry features to list. Includ ing heated swim ming pool and custom b uilt caba na There ore 4 bedroom s, J baths, professionally landscaped and decorated. 
^ 

828-4391 Anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
Realtors NE Lno pofc 

IHE BEST YEARS of your wife, con also be yours in this dream home 3 bedroom s, 2 b a th s , fir e p la c e , c o u r ty a r d , landscaped. For more, cal! now 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

REALTORS 
____ 
P IC T U R E S Q U E 
G R O U N D S , 
N o rth e rn H ills , C u sto m b ric k 
J-2-2-den plus numerous stru ctu r­ al features of Interest 824-45o7 

REOIW BEAITY CO 

P L A N T N U T S ! 
Y o u r p la n ts w ill flo u ris h when s u rro u n d e d by the frie n d ly a t­ mosphere this home brings 3-2-2, large yard, p rivacy fenced 
824-o171 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
P ric e BE LO V / V A a p p ra is a l' 
*3o,6oo 
B e a u tifu lly c a rp e te d 3 J b e d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e in fin e i area Complete e le ctric kitchen j 
L o rg e c o v e re d p a tio . F re s h ly i p a in te d in s id e and out. J u s t 4 years old 494-76*1 A N Y TIM E 

P R IC E D FOR Q UICK SA LE 
3 bed roo m s, 2 baths, g a rd e n k it ­ chen $28,S«K). Open Term s. Nites 
342-811o 
Century 21 
TRIGO, Realtors 349 4491 

R O SO W 6 K LIN E 
Beanie Owens Col 
LAL TORS N Cr,Hr u! OK 
REALTORS SO Years of TRUST 

I PLACE TOUB WANT AO 
IN THI EXPRESS NEW* 
CAII 225-1666 

COUNTRYSIDE 
Beautitul, spacious, tri-le ve l 4 be­ d ro o m , 3 b a th , d o u b le g a ra g e home. F a m ily room w ith wood- b u rn in g fire p la c e , w e t b a r-a ll a m e n itie s to r lu x u rio u s liv in g , odiacent to swim pool and tennis courts. 824-4571 

F IR E YO UR L A N D L O R D and move into this 3 bedroom, I bath home in East Village Paym ents lo w e r than rent A ll app lia n ce s e xcep t d ry e r. Assum e VA loan and m ove in rig h t a w a y . C a ll 
828 8195 and ask fo r 
Roy! 
REALTORS 

LOW EQ U ITY 
3-2-1, cle an, lo rg e y a rd , supe r in v e s tm e n f. M u s t see to a p ­ preciate. 529,ooo 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
_____ 
REALTORS 

NEW ON M A R K E T . W hat yo u , 
; have alw ays wanted but c o u ld n 't; affo rd . R a m b lin g 3 bedroom , 2 baihhom e. d esigned fo r e n te r­ taining indoors or out. Large s in -, gle living area, fireplace, low 4o*s 

RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A LT O R * 
696 5o77 

NO DOWN P A Y M E N T- ™ "1” to anyone and just *JoO for closing 
■costs. 3 b e d ro o m s , n o rth e a s t schools. P a ym e n ts abo ut *2o8 
8' j% APR, 36o paym ents *21,975 total. We have others M any have 

PR IC ED RIGHT 
Lorge corner lot, fenced ya rd go w ith this 3 bedroom hom e, fu ll carpet, large kitchen. *19,9oo. 
ROSSI R E A LT Y 
494 7781 

Deanie Owens Co 
R EALTORS-Austin Hw y O k 
THE SITU ATION ... is perfect for a quick m ove! G reat 
4 bed roo m nom e en c o rn e r lo! w ith in w a lk in g d is ta n c e to 
E lem entary School Paneled din in g room , c e n tra l e v e ry th in g . 
P re tty c o v e re d p a tio , fe n c e d yard. Close to sw im m ing pool 
124,5oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
Guy Ctiipman Co 

TOP VALUE a t reduced p rice . This C o lo n ia l has 4 bedroom s, 3 baths, la rg e fa m ily room pius fire p la ce JO It pool Ueaufifui carpet and drapes 
824-4521, nites 474-o744 
Turner Realty 

Trees, Northeast Schools, kitchen built-ins in this charm ing 3-2-2 oft 
-■B lanco Rd. 92/ M i. Serened Call 
M r Gross, 225-5251, 492 )61o fo r m ore inform ation 

Cory, REALTORS ; 
RED CARPET 

NO DOWN AN YO NE L u xu ry 3-2-2 
Move In two weeks! Big b righ t 

°henn?Jrt*r■ H?nnohmn!* ■fium'ifm'i?* le i’* discuss It. 821 5So8. 
GD G ILB E R T REALTORS areg, carpet thruout spacious 
»—»■ 
-- --r, , 
: crr -.-K.... rooms, u tility room , and m ore place your w a n t ad 
Crest of Live Oak, $33$ month. 
' n »h i expriss n iw s 
344 5564H a rtM c.Corm 'ck 344-2993L c a u 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 
.......... 

RANCHLANO HILLS 
Large corner lot, J-2 2, fireplace, b u ilt-in k itc h e n , sto ra g e shed, easy to buy 822-1551 822-7585 

NORTHEAST REALTY 

R e lu c ta n tly fo r sole by ow ner. 
4-3-2. Valencia. We don f want to j -*-?— m — leave our 25oo sa-ft. of functional T R E E S T R E E S t r e e s ? T h is lu xu ry on quiet culde sac 2 mas- im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , I b a th te r suites, upstairs sitting room , hom e is lo cate d on a b e a u tifu l form al liv in g and dining roam s ?o corner in NE P ark Lots of carpet tt. fam ily room with bulfi-m bouk- o n d lu s t r ig h t fo r the s ta r te r shelves, eat-tn kitchen w ith self- home All for only *25,ooo on open cleaning oven end finished pant) y term s. Be the firs t lo see, ca ll Bey and u til. roam . Custom drapes, : at 821-8195! REALTORS covered patio, NE schools, I blk 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ f r o m s w im a n d te n n is c lu b 
R P fi P b k D F T t $64,ooo. 654-1286 by appt only 
I ............. 1)1.11 o o 1 ) 1 X 1 ____ 

Page I 2-C 

212 HOHES WflRTHWYST 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday April 2 4 IV / / 

212 HOMES WORTHWST 

21? - ROMES N8BTIWES1 
2irflQMMETMST 
[m -HOKS MRTMST 
121? (TOMES N M W m 
I > 1 ? ■ n r n i n - M i m i M S T 
J n 
M i B 
H i n w g L 

- S i 

212 - HOMES WOBTHWtST 
212 HOMES m W tST fiesta \alue i r a ll hi 

$ 299,ooo 

7 o o o + sq. ft. 5 bedrooms, 4'/2 baths plus quarters. Spiral Staircase. 3 fireplaces. Mirrored wet bar. Beautifully hand-carved mahogany built-in glassed bookshelves. 2o foot high archway. Custom Pool. Call Annette 
Middaugh. 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC. 

M A D IS O N HI Freshasa counfry morning...3 bedroom, 2bath, brick fireplace den w if h builf-ins, oven-sizf^ lof on quiet cul -de-sac, privacy fenced^ 

BROO KW O OD A two story romance in timber < brick...3 bedroom, 2 ba th, country kitchen, im- peccabledecor, private patio off master bedim 

R O IL IN G RIDGE Activity center for your busy family... fresh as a da Isy townhouse wifh 3 bed­ rooms , 2 baths, large master, new luxury carpet. 

WHISPERING O AKS En joy Country Club ad­ vantages and thecasual elegance or 4 bedroom, 
2*5 bath, with fireplace, sprinkler system, etc. 

THOUSAND O AKS Executive made his con­ temporary mansion better than new...and now faces transfer... 5 bedroom spendor for $69,5o£X 

LARKSPUR From energy saving to fireplaces... enjoy 3 bedroom, 2 ba th "idea home" nestled by neighborhood pool and club just down the way. 

CALL FOR HOMES OR o > | o . A 2 7 o 
YOUR FREE BROCHURE O w 
H O I J 

O M E f i W N E D 
K E T I N C ^ B M f r S E R V I C E 

 fllllll till lltlllllllllllf III lltltHllij 
I 
SPECIAL DEDUCED I 
1 
PRICE 
I 

| O N L Y ^ I LEFT j 

 f A T $ 4 4 , 2 o o | 

I s Extra large wooded V* acre wood- - 
I s ed lot. 4-2-2 features; handcraf- E 
I S ted wood burning fireplace alas 2 j i 2 wall to wall carpeting, Magic Chef 5 i i i alt electric kitchen, electric § i I 2 garage door opener, full energy 2 
2 saving package with all brick con- 2 
2 struction. located in prestigious 2 
2 OAK CREEK Conventional fman- S 
2 ring with 5 % down. These homes ss 
5 wiH not be available (or sale but ii 2 
2 few days. Coli today 
| 

I 
TOM NOTMAN 
| 

I 
684-31¥2 
I 

COUNTRY CLUB 
Atmosphere* that rings with pride 
Your guest will 'Oh' and "Ah as they approach the circular drive. 
5 bedrooms, 4 % baths, 3 car garage, swimming pool, horses and so much more— all nestled among approximately Th acres. 
What’s inside? Too'll never know until you phone for an ap­ pointment! Mites 433-6458. 
349-4343 

BEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REAITORS— MIS 

Blanco Rd. Ofc. 

LOW C IT Y T A X E S 
Leon Valley area oft Bandera. 
Cute. clean 3-2-2 with big den. 
A ssu m e paym ent* under *16o. tow interest *32,soo 

Q U ILT Y YO UR HONOR 
Of having one of the he** huv s rn 
SU N D IN E P ARK , JeffersonHigh area. G R E A T N EIG H BO R H O O D , great 3 bedroom home vritb atl 
G R A SS V A L L E Y 
I amenities Playhouse tot a tot, walk to shopping cenfer from this : 
* " 
V° large well kept 3-2-2, den and bv- 
IT TO DAY mg, till extras plus new paint. I 
Assume low interest. Total in mid , 

*32,75o. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 

3o'S 
C A N T E R F IE LD 
Fully carpeted 4-2-1. aen and liv­ ing, covered patio, privacy fence. 
All the goodies plus low interest note, Mid 1o's 
C e n t u r y 21 
Whitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 

 u s H o m e 

 fflU lllllllllltllintH H IIilllitllllllllft 

I 
• WALK TO JOHN J: 

684-7171 
3 4 4 -1 o 8 9 
3 4 4 -7 1 2 2 

21o MUSTSHBBTHEAST 
B l— 
— 
T 
T 
H 

IWO YEAR OLD BEAUTY 
3 bedroom s, 2 baths, d re ssin g area in master bedroom. One liv­ ing area with fireplace, covered patio, country kitchen. 
Under 
*4o,ooo. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 
Reoltor»-NE Loop ofc______ 

U N B E L I E V A B L E ! * 
Priced shockingly low, this beau­ tiful 3-2-2 in Valencia ,s yours for 
*34,5oo. 
Must see to believe! 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

UNDER 82o,ooo 
3 bedrooms, I bath, convenient to shopping and schools. Priced to sell quickly at *19,5oo. Can be purchased V A - F H A - A ssu m p ­ tion or Conventional loan. This one won't last long. 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Perrin Beitel Ole 
U N D E R *4o,ooo. New on market. 
Spacious 2 living area home. 19 it m a ste r b e d ro o m for the b ig furniture. F IR E P L A C E T O O ! 
Corner lot, privacy fence. M oder­ ate eauity. S E E N O W ' 828-6343, eves 653-9596 
Camelias 8 Associates 
Valencia 
Bv owner. 3-2-2 with fire place and e x tras! A ssu m e I 
43o3 at 8 % % 539,5oo.656-1639 

VALLEY FORCE 
On pretty fenced lot. 3 bedrooms, 
2 pretty baths, family room, fire­ place, perfect home for grow ing family. 824-4521, nile* 674-o744 
Turner Realty 

VALLEY FORSE 
JUST LISTED!! 
Attractive one year old, 3-2, brick I and cedar, 2 car garage, fireplace ! in family room, one living area. In the 3o's. 

618-6391 A n y t im e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
Reottors N E Loop otc 
V IL L A G E N O R T H 
Big 4 bedroom, 2 both, den, double garage, covered polio, on B a r ­ rington neor new post office site. 
FHA. VA or assum e 
349-65o3, 
654-6296 
Marilla Worley Realtors 

WALK TO SWIM ANO TENNIS 
Lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with fireplace in fam ily room. 
Plus a lovely cedar garden room. 
Assume or refinance. In the mid 
4o’s. 
656-3ooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R EA LT O R S-Perrm Beitel Ofc 

WINDCREST 
4 bedrooms, 2 decorator baths, 2 car garage, ideal location near schools, shopping and e xp re ss­ way. Interior has been renewed, new paint, oven, cooktop, d ish ­ w ashe r all top of line 
L a rg e breakfast area M u st see to ap­ preciate quality of this home. 
*66,ooo 
R e e se H e n r y 

R e a l t o r 
655-3584 
Mites 

 u s H o m e 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 M O VE IN V A 

5 % DOWN CONVfwnruNAl 
NO PAY m in t TM JUNI '77 

3 and 4 bedroom plans 
$ 3 7 ,5 o o to 
$44,95o. 
All homes feature energy saving package, central heat-air, carpet and handcrafted woodbuming fireplaces, deluxe Magic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 
6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 
S S E 

N W EXECUTIVE H O M ES 

O A K HILLS 

TRI ItV IL 4 bedrooms, 3 bo tbs, will, lorge cameroon! 
Urge, beautifully landscaped loi. M A U D POOL $74,9oo. 
O A K HILLS 

ON THI GOU COUPS! - Over 3ooo sq. ll of custom (usury! 5 bedrooms, 2* r balks, forme! rooms, phis mo»«w* fireplaced den. buhr 
<n«lont 
$155,ooo 
__ 
O A K CREEK N W 
INGUSH TUDOR - 5 bedroom, 2-s!«ry with large heated pool Its many estras include sprinklrr system, micro wore oven, ana special pocking tot your boot and camper *97,ooo. 
W IN D W O O D 

HORSES SHOWED! Set on 2 8 wooded acres, this rock 2-story is petfecl lot the lorge, ochre tinnily S bedrooms, 3 balks plus 21 s21 goemroom. *96,5oo. 

6 9 1 - 1 3 o o 
R EA LTO RS 
CENTURY 2 J 
ELAINE LUDW IG 
& A SSO C ___ 

A U C K L A N D A R E A 
Master bedroom 1ox22 oil brick 
2-2-1 Oklahom a stone fireplace. 
Spacious 6o ft living room-family area Carpeted Fenced. M any extras. Ow ner. A ssu m p tio n or 
525,ooo VA 673-1592 or 228-o8oo. 
7523 Westfield Dr. 
3-2-2, oil electric kitchen, carpet­ ed. c e n tra l a ir-h e a f, fenced, recently redecorated, covered 
Terrazzo patio, ioo°o brick, B a s­ kin Eli? rn *47,5oo. 733-o275 

ALLENA VILLAGE 
Off Blanco, large and room y 3 bedroom, 2 baths, living, dining, 
19 x 18 den, double garage. Only 
*78,5oo 341-72o1. nites 822-1767. 
R E A L T O R S. 
Ask for 
V A N C E 
H ILL 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

A LM O ST 7 A C R E S ! IOO year old oaks surround Q u a lit y older home 
: only minutes from medical center and UTSA. Shuttered living area bas lovely fireplace, formal and j informal dining, deligntful built-in kifchen, and cheerful sun room. 
The fantastic solarium is 12x31. 
; Adioibing 3 bedroom, I bath guest house has liv in g room , dining area and complete kitchen. This property offers privacy, convex 
: ranee end q u a lity tor the dis- 
I c r im in a tin g b u y e r. *13o,ooo. 
494-7651 A N Y T IM E 

FIRST OFFERING 
MASTERPIECE 
Spacious brick nestled high on a beautifully landscaped setting. 
Magnificent garden room with sloth floor end high cathedral ceiling, wef-bar. living room with fireplace, separate dining room, both with parquet floors. 
Master suite with sifting room. 
3 2 plus qtrs. r 
~ j _ 

J O N E S - K I N G 
S S k V 
* 
8 2 6 - 2 4 3 9 
C ^ v A i 2 
^ 

B v O w ne r- H o lly w o o d P a r k . 
Custom ouilt 3-2-2 Brick Colonial. in excellent condition. I living area, spacious master bedroom 
494-3o86 
By owner, immaculate 3-2 conv, 
125o sq.ft. built-ins, all carpet, utility rm, storage bldg. *28,5oo or assume *212 mo. 684-6o5o. 
I B Y O W N E R in Forest Glen, fresh 
I and sp arklin g 3-2-2, 3 yrs old, 
] fully carpeted, p rivacy fenced. 
I *31,ooo. Open house Sun. 7535 
! Meadow Green. 684-6o7o 

BY OWNER 
In Mission Trace, luxury garden home, 4-2-2, 245o so. ft. 24 Hr security. *74,5oo. F or ap p oin t­ ment 69o-8718 or 924-8371. 
B y O w ner, Leon V a lle y , 6926 
Evening Sun, 3-2-2, fireplace, all brick, fenced 681 o324, 674-5757 

655-2754 

' REALT C______________________ j A M O D E L H O M E for T o d a y ’s 
Prestigious Buyer! 3-2-den, pret­ tiest covered patio and terrace garden. Few minutes to Medical 
Center. Low 5o's price. 824-45o7 
REQUA REALTY CB 
A N EW L IS T IN G , Just *375o down in John M arshall Meadows. 3-2-2, ; 
684 4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y __ 
AN O D E TO T H E E 
I 
E X E C U T IV E 
Amidst the friends of U N IV E R S I-1 
TY OAKS, a neat 3 bedroom Con temporary rests...with space and style to m ake you smile...when entertaining guests (in a large j fireploced family room). 3 rooms lo sleep...this home will keep your fattily big or small. (Close to UT-; 
SA, 
M E D IC A L 
C O M P L E X ) : 
SE N SA T IO N A L ! 
*42,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

Guy Human Co 

B Y O W N E R , 7’'i% 
L o o n in 
Townview Estates, IVjyrs. Old 
165o Sq.ft., 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, large family room, with cathedral c e ilin g and fire p la ce . D in in g room, Kitchen and breakfast area with bay w indow 
Located on 
Cul-de-sac, Convenient to Schools. 
681-3385 or 224-6554_____________ 
B Y O W N E R , NW, 3 bdrm , No 
Agents Please, $25,9oo or assum e 
433-837o._______________________ 
B Y O W N E R -S M A V A N O P A R K . 
New custom built 3-2-2 b rick. 
Spanish design. M int condition. 
Spacious master and bath area. 
4k acre, lots of frees *95,ooo. Call 
492-1856 after 5 wkdvs anytime, wknds 

CUSTOM 
COLLECTION 

CASTLE H U LS ESTATES 
IT’S STUNNING 
NEED A GUEST SUITE? 

Shining white stone, one story. 
Spacious 3 bedrooms, two baths, living and dining rooms, family room (FP, high beamed ceiling)1 glossed to patio and privacy, grounds. 
Plus 
GUEST 
SUITE. 
Slinkier sys. lot 12o X 16o. 
Choice location. 5142,5oo. 

SPACE WITH 
GRACE 

Circular drive approach to this one story, shining white brick. 
Very spacious, 5 bedrooms, 3’/i bain, living, dining, breakfast, family rooms. Dual fireplace. 
Complete gourmet kitchen, many built-ins. like new 

A BRILLIANT 

One story home in Costie Hills 
Estates. A warm family room 
(FP, high ceiling, wetbar). 4- 
3 ';-2 plus study plus quarters. 
Super kitchen 
Heated POOL 
Sprinkled grounds Malls. 
• ♦ ★ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ n r '* # * ** '* '# * "* 
EARLY 
AMERICAN 

Relish the type of home (hot lends itself to formality or casualness. Exquisite, ideally ar­ ranged, 5-3V?, den (EP). Push button kitchen. Covered patio in shaded grounds. 

8 2 6 - 2 3 4 7 
R EA LTO R S 

C O LO N IE S NORTPI - Bv Owner. 
3-2-2, liv in g + p a n e le d and beamed den $38,9oo. 696 5o83 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H 
Su m m it j area Bv owner. Open house Sun- 
> day 12-6. Spacious 3-2Vj-2 with 
21oo sq ft. living area on acre lot. 
Breathtaking cathedral ceiling, paneled fam ily room with fire- 
! place, recreation room, privacy fence. 1o*1o Palmdale. 69o-8639 
I *54,9oo._______________________ 
C O M P L E T E L Y R E M O D E L E D older home inside Loop, 2-1 I, modern kitchen and bath, carpet, 
; covered patio, fenced vd. *22,ooo. 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
494-7781 
Contemporary 4-2-2, formal living 
+ dining, fireplace, carpet. 45,9oo. 
Call now. 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

CONTEMPORARY HOME 
4-2* j-2, large living den with fire­ place, playroom , located on 14 acre tree studded lot in K in g s 
Grant Forest. D ays 224-7511, eve* 
349-1518 and weekends. 

GRAND OPENING!!! 

APPLAUSE.. .APPLAUSE.. .APPLAUSE 

We've opened the doors of our new NORTHWEST 
OFFICE at 6959 BANDERA 
ROAD. Our Sales 
Manager, Burt Swartz, and his team of REALTOR- associates are ready to assist you with' your real estate needs. 

Please stop by and join them for coffee. 

Pick up a copy of our Homes For Living magazine, offering photographs, descriptions and prices of homes now available on the Northside. May well be we ll have a copy of Homes For Living from your hometown! 

We look forward to welcoming old and new friends and clients. 

% 
CAJprom Cb. 

REALTORS 

6 8 1 - 2 9 o o 

3 bedrooms, I Vj-botb. separate liv- J mg and dining room, all carpeted, ap- , pon ces, N O D O W N : 
I 
• BARGAIN- 
GREAT-NW- 
Sunken living room, dining, fireplace. * 
. 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 garages ail I 
I paneled. N o City Taxes-No Down. 
* 
• BABCOCK NORTH j 
Huge living room, cathedra! ceiling I 
. white brick chimney, 3 bedrooms, 2 I f baths, 
2 garages all fimshed-No J 
Down: j 
• FORREST HILLS 
I 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 garages, all I finish, separate living roam and din- * ing room, waWt-tn closet. Air con- I clition. 
’ 
LESS THAN $3o,ooo 
NO DOWN: 
TEXAS PROPERTIES 

H % . Ulmno- 

P 
" - - 
T 
I T 
L E 

For Fast Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• 
H H K . T i m 
I S 
• -’(rill P K K v s W 
I O N H I). 

• 
I OOT N I 
K O O P f i n • :_’(»> III, W C O H O M ) 

• T T P ) K H K D K H l C K s K I H i; R O M ) 

S e r v i n g S i t u A n t o n i o S i n c e I V 2 2 

7 3 4 j - 5 o o 4 
; 

U P BMP 11P MP QP"M|P~rl I 

PRICE REDUCED!! 
THIS 5 ACRE ESTATE has an inspiring view of the city. 
Two story Mediterranean luxury. 
Heated pool, Cabana and both and kitchen. 
Double tennis court. 5 bedrooms, 4’/? both?, quarters. Exciting living, dining, breakfast rooms. Gourmet kit­ chen. Vaulted ceilings. 
Many special features 8 minutes from loop 41o. Tree lined Country 
Club approach. See this! 

8 2 6 - 2 3 4 7 
R EA LT O R S 

 l i m i'fimm 

O N L Y HEREI 
® N ew Orick H orn— on Aer-* 
Bags i» Brnolfriaking V lo w i 
• W o o d e d U te* f a r PR IV A C Y 
• 4 C h o k e Nill Hi Com m unities 
(Including N e w Brownie!*) 
• Low Taxes M a k e e a sy Pur­ chase term * 
( 
• 17oo Sa. Ft. Living - 2 Cur 
G a ra g e $37,5oo 
• 2 6 8 o So. Ft. Living - 2 Cor 
G a ra g e 5 49 ,7 *o . 
Search The H om e N " 4 » * O v e r 
T H IN Coll U SI 
- f 
' 
S S - 
Swmney Co, 

I R I i r o 
* 9 2 - 1 6 7 2 
.W il y 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o , 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

RICH MAN’S VIEW... 
. at a moderate price. Brand new 4-2-2, located at 
“TOP-OT-THE-HILL” 
Big, big rear ya>*t gig double garage. Hill Country rock retainer wall. Lots of class and living at 
S36.ooo. $1oo Move in VA. First payment July 1st. 
8 2 3 -6 3 4 3 , Iv e s . 6 55 -8 o 7o 
CORNELIUS 

 t ASSOCIATES 
DI 

ROYAL SIZE HOME 

4 KING SIZE bedrooms, 2 spacious baths, combination living-dining room to feed and entertain a small army, royal size family room for,, command performances. polio, fenced, double 
BEAUTIFUL VIEW! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 

- 6 2 1 1 

Plus garage. 

INSPIRATION BIUS 
Custom built 3 bedroom brick home. L a r g e h illsid e lot with lo ve ly city view . F ire p la c e , covered patio, sprinkler system. 
A sk in a *65,5oo. 433-9838. No agents, please. 
____ 

F O R R E S T G L E N 
Be the first to see this newly listed immaculate 3-2-2 in the ever ex­ panding Northwest. Single family area, central heat air, swim club membership and more. Conven­ ient to Kelly- Lackland. Evenings, 
655-9656. 
C e n t u r y 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653-o55o 

I W AS A M O D E L 
Ch years ago and I M ST IL L IN 
TIP TOP SH A P E . All brick, 3 be­ droom, family abode on a large corner lot. Open den and kitchen area with fireplace. Large K ID ­ 
N E Y S H A P E D P O O L! Even the garage has central heat and air. 
S H A P E L Y 
A S 
E V E R and reduced *2,5oo! Offered at *52,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9631 
Guy Chipman Co 

J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
3 bedroom, I VS* bath oft Babcock 
Rd. Call for appt. 696-992o or 
927-6348. 
Hohenberger-CofHns Co. 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
4-3-2, format living dining room, den, family room fiplace. 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 433-6676 

358 CAZEL 
2 Bedroom, I bath, fenced yard, closed gorage. N ear Wonderland, end schools. 
Owner will finance. 824-4496 
H A N D Y M A N ’S S P E C IA L ! Point, polish and “elbow g re a se " will i make this 2 bedroom, collage a' great home. Nice neighborhood with trees. Sell "A s is". *13,SOO. i 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

JUST L IS T E D this lovely fri-levet home, custom draped, decorated and earth tones. Scenic view of country side from all 3 bedrooms. 
2 lovely baths, large single living area, fireplace, less than $5ooo assumption. Want last 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 
J U S T 
L IS T E D 
IN 
G R E E N ­ 
B R IA R ! Northeast schools, com­ fo rtab le fa m ily hom e 
3 b e ­ droom s, 2'/a baths. Pretty sun room with C lin to n B a e rm a n n fountain. Greet location. *29,5oo. 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 

BY O W N ER - SH E N A N D O A H 
3-1-1, *24,9oo Conventional or a s­ sume. 696-5639 Atter 6 

SY OWNER 
Shenandoah, 3-2-2, many extras. 
Low 3o'S. 694-3668 
BY 
O W N ER 
- 
T O W N V IEW 
E ST A T E S 
3-2-2, formal sunken living room, fireplace, cathedral ceiling in den, utility room, wall to wall carpet, patio, large fenced landscaped co rne r lot, 1oo% b ric k , im ­ m aculate Between M ed Center and Kellv-Lackiand. 484-o374. 

WINDCREST 
It s a dazzler! Prof decorated 
3-2-2 with kidney shooed pool 
NIBLOCK REALTY 853-1873 

WINDCREST 
Luxury custom garden home. Has everything! Custom designed ond deco rated, top o f-the-line a p ­ pliances including w asher and dryer, oversized garage, w ork­ shop, storage, immaculate condi­ tion Early occuponcv 453 o214 
WINDCREST SCHOOLS 
Brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with liv in g an d d in in g room , fam ily room with fireplace, ca r­ peting. custom d rap e s, lovely la n d sc a p e d o v e r s ia e d y a rd . 
*49.5oo Niles 455-5693. 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
456-242o A N Y T IM E _______ 

WITH ALL HER HEART 
A spacious 3-2-1 with new carpet, la rg e liv in g and fa m ily room . 
Privacy fence, central heat-air, off Midcrown. $28,5oo. 
Van Barat 8> Assoc 
684 7171_________734-o786 
699 oo46 

WOODLAKE 
Bv owner, 3-2-2. fully carpeted, central A H Low equity, att. 6pm 
661 4859 Make on offer 

YOU REEN WAITING” for a place in Camelot I? Nice J b ed roo m . 2 both hom e with country kuchen. New paint inside, neor school, mall and Churches, 
*32,9oo. 
653-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Wolzem Otc 
212 - HOMLS-NOBTHWEST 

9.o12 A C R E S 
In 2 adjoining lots. Off IH-1o North 
IO mi. from 16o4 in b e a u tifu l 
W indw ood E state *. Bu ild your o zn fishing pond. Act now on your retirement homesite Lots can be sold separate. 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
________ R E A L T O R S __________ 

3 ACRES 
L a rg e A ustin Stone 3-2-2, fire ­ p lace , se p a ra te d in in g , m an y oaks, NS Schools. 
494-528! 
494-2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
4 A C R E S 
F o rk lik e 4-3-2, Qtrs. I 
Shop, gam e room, m any extras. 
Horse trails a die n t. Excellent for ch ild re n an d re la tiv e s. N e a r i 
41o V an ce Jack so n . N E I S D 
M ust see to appreciate 344 655o 
A d a m ’s Hill- By Ow ner. 3 2 2, 2 liv in g a r e a s , m o n y e x t r a s ! ! 
*36,7oo. *25o mo Ask *9,ooo equi- j tv, will negotiate 673-27o2 

ANYONE CAN PAY RENT 
But you can own. 3 bedroom in exceptional condition with living room, den and formal dining. G a­ rage plus carport. Only *17,5oo 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
499-92o1 
A P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 
SHAVANO PARK 
J 2 Acres with ISO oak trees, horse 
Stotts, and o beautiful rock home. 
Large family room with fireplace. 
Entertain on the over-sized patio. 
Call now. Owner anxious. 
C e n t u r y 21 
Schneider Realty 
684 

B Y O W N E R Unique Contem por­ a ry hom e In H e rita g e F a rm . 
3-bedrooms, V’r baths. Study loft overlooks distinctive 2 story living room with fireplace. Family room aloins large country kitchen. 21oo sq. ti. NS schools. No agents. 
674-2492_______________________ 
By Owner- University Oaks. 3-2-2 and large living area, fp, utility room, extended patio, p rivacy fence, *43,5oo. 696-78o6_______ _ 
*675 CASH is cli it lakes to get into this beautiful *45,ooo home. C ar­ pet, a p p lia n c e s, ond F I R E ­ 
PLA C E . Coll now! 696-o974 
Fortuna Associates, 696-1412 

COUNTRY ESTATES 
Approximately I acre, all brick, cedar shake roof, 4 bedrooms, 3 baths with all the ommenifies of city livin g, over 3ooo sa ft cf 
Traditional elegance. By appoint­ ment only. 696-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
C O U N T R Y H O M E IN T H E CITY. 
2 bedrooms, large den, 2 baths, 2 a ir units, on an a c re of land. 
E q u ity , m on th ly p a y m e n ts 
*1o3.38, in te rest 7 % , *27,ooo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TA TE 732-2918, 732-5355. 

•dr 

J 
EXECUTIVE 
J 
J COUNTRY ESTATES* 

* I acre ★ 3 bedroom ★ wood ^ 
I burning fireplace 
* covered ye 
I ▼ patio * many extras ★ quiet YE 
■ ^ country living with all the city yE 
: ♦ conveniences ★ no city taxes ★ ♦ 
♦ one of.a kind * wooded lot it + if purchase before price increase 
Ic l f * a bargain $62, 

684-72oo 
A R E A L ST E A L 
2o3 S T A R D U ST 
Bock yard cations elemen school 
I grounds. Equity reduced to *35oo. 
- Monthly payments *296. 2ooo sa ft of house . 3-2-1, 
736 5781 H E A R T R E A L E ST A T E 
; 735 459o________________________ 

A SENSIBLE SOLUTION 
A 4 bedroom, 2 bath with lootball field-sized yard. Balanced by the superb cenation. New central air, 
I separate living and dining. Only j *28,ooo. The right m ix for any 
I home buyer. 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 

C A ST L E H IL L S V, A C R E 
Rock 3-2-2 tri-level, large gameroom, separate fomily room 
225o sq.ft. Appraised *53,25o in 
Lee High ared. Great buy! 
344-5564 Hart McCorm ick 344-2993 

A SHO RT BLO C K TO BUS. 2 be- 
: brooms, den, *2oo down. 
694-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 484-6169 

A TOUCH OF CLASS 
Describes this 4 bedroom, 2 both home Located on o cul-de-sac lot rn S E N E C A E S T A T E S lf has a single living area with fireplace, format dining room with Saltillo 
[ tile floors and large fenced yard 
Priced at *5o,75o. 
Better call today! 
684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A C T ORS-Bgndero Rd. Off 
A T T E N T IO N IN V E S T O R *!!! 
This duplex is availobte NOW I bedroom range, and refrigerator in each unit. Located near Son 
Pedro Won t last! Call K E L L Y 
R E A L T Y 433-6645______________ 
Attrocfive 3-2-2, lorge living area, carpet, built-ins, extra*. *34,7oo. 
See today * 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 
B A B C O C K N O R T H 3-2-2, fir e ­ place, carpets, *3oo down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 341-o936 
BA B C O C K N O R T H No Down 
Anyone' Brick fireplace in big carpeted family area, beamed ceiling in appiianced kitchen too, air, fence, utility room and more, only *327 monthly! 
344-5564 Mort M cCorm ick 344-2993 
3 Bdrm , 2 bath, cent air-heaf. 
Equity, toke over pmts, 674-5239 

BEAUTIFUL BY OWMER 
Fully carpeted 3-2-2, 1oo% brick on a corner lot, fenced backyard w th gas grill, custom drapes, garage door opener, etc. Priced under appraised value Call tor details. 533-1615, 733-1536._______ 
B E A U T IF U L - 3-2-2, In Babcock 
North, *45o down, *345 me. 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytime 

C A S T L E 
H IL L S 
E S T A T E S ! 
Beautiful home with heated pool, sp rin k ie re d ond la n d sc a p e d grounds, 3 bedroom*, study. 3Vj baths, large living room, formal dining. Paneled family room wifh fireplace pius wet bor. D ream kitchen with breakfast area. Call 
824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
REALTO RS-5o Years of T R U ST 

COUNTRY LIVING 
Beautiful N EW custom-built 3 be­ droom, 2 bath home nestled in the trees on a I Vi acre lot in Trail- wood Boerne schools, but San 
Antonio phone exchange. Many, 
: m any extras. F o r de tails ond viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
D e lig h tfu l firs t h om e! Good northwest location. 3 bedrooms, 
; IVj baths, single living and diing area, attached garage. Covered patio. Fenced. P rice d righ t at 
*26,ooo 494-7651 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years of T R U ST 
3 -1 -D E N 
- 
IN 
W E S T W O O D 
V IL L A G E -*21o down, *199 mo. 
J & J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytime 

VA financing available. 

Call 
T O M H O T M A N 
684-3113 
1646 ROB ROY 

 u s - H o m e 

J 
Of CENTRAL TEXAS 
* 

'k - k 'k it 'k ir 'k 'k it 'k it k it ir 

C A ST LE H IL LS T E R R A C E 
So convenient to all 3 school*. 
Custom built, contem porary de­ sign. 3 bedrooms, 2 family rooms, separate dining room, excellent condition and vacant. 
*67,ooo 
344-8343 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 
C A ST LE H IL LS 
Perfectly charm .ng - describes this 3 bedroom , form al living, se p arate dining, den has fir e ­ place, beautifully draped and carpeted. Call Gita Lucas. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HO W ARD TATE R E A L T O R S 
CHURCHILL DISTRICT 
Immaculate 2 story, 4 bedroom, brick home. Separate living and dining plus la rge fam ily room with fireplace. Close to mails and schools. 
C A L L 494-5227 
A rm stro n g Co 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

JEF F A R E A 
This U N IQ U E home offers so much! 3 large bedrooms, 
2 baths, separate living cmd dining rooms, den, 
LOTS and LOTS of storage and a beautiful yard. Your search is OVER! Call today . . . it won’t last! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 
D IG N IF IE D A N D CH IC, elegun! is the c o u rty ard entry to this lovely home. Extras you'll enjoy, draped plus carpeting. The family room is fireplaced and there is a sunken formal entertaining room. 
*29oo will assum e this V A loan. 
IT ’S A WOW! 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 

P R IC ED R IC H T 
5 BEDROOMS, QTRS. 
CASTLE HILLS 
The impressive wall welcomes you to this brick split-level with 1 
6 bedrooms, 4'/i baths, large fireploced fomily room plus huge fireploced gameroom. 28o ft. frontage Rest and view the stars from the high deck. 
Si29,5oo Tau must see this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

B U Y VA 
No down, no closing. Just move in. 
First payment in August. Choose your payment from *285 to *343. 
674-6126_______R A E Real Estate 
By Owner, A d am s Hill, 2 Story 
4-2' z-2, dining room, living room, family room with fireplace, eat in kitchen, central air-heat, covered I patio, m any extras. 2.ooo sa.ft ! 
Assum e 7X4 v a loan plus eauity, i no qqents. 673-6942______________ 1 
B Y O W N E R - All extras in unu-' sually lorge 3-2-2 home, cathedral ceilings in 2 living areas A mas- j ter bedroom, dressing rooms, liv -1 ing room, fireplace, carpeted, draperies. Wet bor, built-in light ing sy ste m s. P r iv a c y fence 
Cowered patio off kitchen and beam ed paneled fa m ily area 
696-7699 for appt. $44,9oo.______ ___ 
By Owner: Costie Hills, I acre,: swimming pool, 3-2, 23oo sq. ft. In the *5o’s. 2o6 E Castle Lane 
349-34o8 

ROSOW & KLINE ROSOW 8 KLINE 
REALTORS-SO Years of T R U ST 
REALTO RS-5o Yeors et TRU ST 

D O LL H O U SE 
Cutest 2 bedroom hom e evert 
Sunshine bright living room and kitchen. B E A U T IF U L R O S E S ! 
Fenced yard. Great B A C H E L O R or B E T T E buy. 
*16,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

DON T T IE U P Y O U R C A SH ! - 
Own a beautiful 4-2-2, fireplace, appliances, Central A-H. Nothing down, *37o mo. 675-1691, 673-11oo, 
342 7435. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

EXECUTIVE DELIGHT 
A really fine home af *48,95o. 
Fireplace, wet bar, fully draped and carpeted. Privacy fenced, 3 bedroom s, 2Vj baths, big den! 
Nites 735-4128 
349-4343 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALTO RS-Blonco Rd. Ofc 

By ow ner, C re sth a v e n , 2-1-1, comp rem odeled, built-ins, Ige fenced yard, extras, perfect for young married or retired couple. 
Assum e 7’ a% VA or *22,ooo. Ho agents. 344-5729. 

HAS E V E R Y T H IN G home, 4 bedrooms, 2V? baths, liv­ ing has fireplace, separate dining, huge den, enormous play room, office, garage has room for boat and frailer. Call Beth Tate. 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
HO W ARD TATE R E A L T O R S 
; 
H A V E A F L IN G 
W IT H 
A 
L O V E L Y 
Y O U N G ! 
T H IN G ...lust 4 m onths old, this 
1oo% brick, 3 bedroom home on a I delightful quiet street in choice 
LEO N V A L L E Y is a love! F ir e -j place and wet bar in cathedral I beamed ceiling fam ily living area. 
Chocolate sh ag ca rp e tin g! A ll; amenities and then some! Only i 
*46,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

HILLS O’ HELOTES 
W hether you p re fe r ru g g e d splendor, on a hillside, OR m an­ icured gro u n d s w ith fruit ond pecan trees— We have both under 
*6o,ooo. 
699-1ooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
REALT Q RS-T urtie Creek Ole 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
T R A D IT lO N A L -b e a u tifu l living and d in in g room , c a th e d ra l ceilings in lorge family room with fireplace, 3 b ed roo m , 2 both, covered patio, lots of built-ins, large corner lot. *57,5oo 
C O M PA SS R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494-3o12 

Kings Grant Forest 
4-2, separate study, sewing room, trees, beautiful area, corner lot. 
N E IS D , By owner, No agents. 
*78,5oo. 341-oo79________________ 
Large 5 Roam Hone 
Off Blanco, good condition, dining, deep lot, VA appr. *15,25o 
341-4455 
R E A L T O R S 
735-2276 laurai R. Baraebey 
L A R G E SW 1 M IN G PO O L 
Large home with 5 or m ore be­ drooms, 2.7 a cre s tree covered hill. IO minutes north of U TSA. 
Available immediately. 698-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 
L A R G E F A M IL Y H O M E 
Necr Edison , 3 bedroom, 2 bath, living room , d in in g room plus lorge fam ily room , central air- heat, paneled thru-out. 
Just 
*25,9oo 
Family Realty 
7^2-3111_________ 

L E A S E W ITH O PTIO N . Carpeted 
3 bedroom, 2 bath in model home condition. Form al living, separate dining, all appliances kitchen, low equity and assum e 
*279 mo. 
681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

By Ow ner, 3-2-2, fenced yard,, trees, 11o2 M orey Peak $34,ooo: 
Conv, or assume. 342-5531. 

FIRST OFFERING 
Move in to this brick 3 bedroom, 2 bath, den home. Carpeted centro) heat-air near North Star and 
Central Park NE SCHOOLS 
R E A L T O R 
341-1867 
341-3176 
EDYTIfE Bx COOPER 

By Owner, Forest Oak*, lovely 
3-2-2, all brick, formal tiving-dirv- ina, den, fireplace, privacy fence, other extras. *43,5oo. No agents, 
681-o857. 

By Owner Forest Glen 
3-2-2, 12oo sq.ft. fenced, full ca r­ peting, screened patio, appls, J4 brick. *228 mo. 684-4473 
By owner, Forest Glen, 3-2-2, ige co v e re d p atio, sto ra g e shed beautiful yard, *31,1oo. Nothing down V A or equity and assum e 
*2o6 mo. 684-7823 oft 6:3o-all day w e e k e n d * . _______________ 

4 B E D R O O M , 2 baths, central heat-air, g a r a g e . 
M o n th ly payments *2o8, int. 9%, *21,3oo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355. 

CHURCHILL HI 
EttCKMIfTED FOREST 
4-2V*-2, form e r P a ra d e Hom e. ] 
W alk in g distance to 4 schools, ; covered patio, fireplace, beautiful trees, privacy fence. Low $5o,'S. 
Open Weekends 12 to 6PM , 7o2 ! 
Fabulous Dr. 341-8o52__________ 

CLOSE TO SCHOOL im m aculate 3-2-2, fam ily room built-ins, central heaf-oir. Only 
*29,9oo. Better hurry; 
Nites 684-o135 

D R A ST IC R E D U C T IO N 
• PERFECTION • 
I French home with sunken living 
: and dining rooms, large fireplace. 
! Family rooms with expensive use 
: of glo ss, Saltillo tile, beam ed 
> ceiling. 3-2-2. Sunshine kitchen, i Near Medical Complex. *59,75o. 
826-2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

DRASTIC REDUCTION 
$4,56o Equity or refinance. Sum ­ mit Area. 4-2 2, 1oo% brick home on '/« acre fenced lot. No agents. 
69o-8312 

[D A M S Hill. 3-2-2 on cul de sac, rw carpets, all appliances, ftre- 
:ace, large yard, playhouse. As- ume below appraisal. *35,5oo. 
74 3617 
, 
A P P L IA N C E S 
F E N C E D 3 iracm, 52oo down, *162 mo. 
I J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytime 

THC ! ASI EST BESUIT* 
ON A WANT AD 
{ NUMBER TO C A II 
IS 225 I 6*6 
P8E5S AND NEWS . 

TW* 4 bedroom. 3 both beauty Is in prestigious Colonial Hills. (N.E 
S C H O O L S ). B e au tifu lly la n d s­ caped, sprinkler system , cedar! shake root, 18x36 heated pool and covered patio. *71,9oo 344-3o78, nites 696-7*85 
DON JO H N SO N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

IN THE E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

TERRILL REALTY 
R E A L T O R S __________ 
M L S 
C M, F U R R CO. 
Specializing in Northside Homes 
733-7141____________ 
344 1633 

COLONIAL HULS 
E a r ly A m e r ic a be au ty. 3 b e ­ drooms, very large living room, separate dining, den with fire­ place, office, treed yard. E xce l­ lent condition. 341-72o1, B ites 
341-8294. R E A L T O R S . 
JOHN FLOURNOY IMC 

DREAMLAND OMS 
"M IN T C O N D IT IO N " 
Desirable 4 bedroom, brick home 
In secluded neighborhood. M any oak trees, lovely garden home, ideal family home. Priced in the 
5o'S. Call Carol C a se for app't 
122-5228, 828-5671. 
S tra u d e r N e lso n R e o lty 
. E Q U IT Y $3ooo. M U S T S E L L ! 
H A V E TO S E E T H IS L O V E L Y 
3-2-2 TO A P P R E C IA T E ! F O R - 
EST G L EN 684-S987___________ 

EXCELLENT VALUE 

3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, den with fireplace. N.E schools, fenced yard, *27,5oo. After 5 344-1111. ___; 
3 bedroom s, huge living room.! 
Convenient. 
W ash-dry hookup.; 
*15,58o. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
Braun Station East. Beautiful 5 bedroom, Tri-level home for sale. 
Or large lot with oak trees. Bv owner 684-o198 

BRAUN STATION WEST 
B Y O W N E R , this m ye a r old beautifully landscaped, fully car­ peted, 3-2-2 features a formal din­ ing room with full mirrored wall, paneled fam ily room with fire­ place,' breakfast bay with view of lovely rose gardens, woven wood shades, sm oke alarm , roof tur­ bines, and a fenced backard, As- sume $339 mo 684-3147__________ 
B u y from O w n e r! T h is week 
O N L Y ! Save Realtors’ fee! Fully equipped 3-2-2 home in wooded 
Foothills. Bus service to all NS schools *39,5oo 344-8869 

• FOREST OAKS • 
Custom 3-2-2, tropical courtyard entry, spacious single living area with fireplace, beamed cathedral i ceiling, sep dining. 
$42,5oo. 
684-14o3________________________ I 

FORIS! OMS AREA 
Would you believe only *36,9oo for this privacy-fenced home with a bright, open and airy tloorplan? 
Enjoy the fireplaced family room. 
Century 21 
Schneider Reolty 
684-72oo 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
N E W L IS T IN G . 4-2',j-2 on shady 
Va acre, sprinkiered and lenced lot. Beautiful co u rtyard entry, shake roof, w etbar, fireplace, plush carpet, separate m aster suite with private patio. 

O N B L U F F o v e rlo o k in g g o lf course. M agnificent 2 story con­ temporary with pool. 4 bedrooms, study, living, dining, and gam er­ oom Views! views; Views! 

E L E G A N T R O C K H O M E on % acre. Deck off forma! living and dining room overlooks gorgeous pool area. Master suite up, 3 be­ drooms and gameroom down. 

U N D E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 
1o8 
Trailcrest. 4 bedroom contem ­ porary, I living areo, elevated treed lot. Choose your color! 

JUST C O M P L E T E D . 22o Alcalde 
Moreno. White brick traditional, 
4-21 j-2 with light and airy colors throughout. 
Almost 
259o sa ft 
*89,SOO. 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
R E A L T O R S_________ 
M L S 

LEE DISTRICT 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, large family room, fully carpeted, large lot at end of a quiet cul-de-sac. Low, low 
3o s. 
349-5111 or 349-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
RE A LT O R S-N . Central Ofc 

LEON VALLEY 
3-2-2, carpeted, lorge living area, 
5 min to Medical Center, 14oo So 
Ft. *36,7oo 681-3327. no agents. 
Leon Valley, 3-2 7, fam ily room w ith fire p la c e , fo rm a l liv in g room, cath e d ral ce iling, inter­ com , sk y lig h t, rock p atio en­ trance. 
14oo sq.ft. 
*39,5oo. 
684-7297. 
LEO N V A L L E Y - By owner. 3-2-2, separate living and dining, family room with fire p la c e , dinette, covered patio, p riv a c y fence, carpel, drapes. *48,5oo. 684-1437 
Leon Valley, bautifui cathedral style, 3 or 4 bedroom, all brick with view. M ust See! 
*41,7oo. 
681-o186 
_________________ 

LESS THAN $2o 
Is all the c a sh you w ill need. 
Anyone cen bv, 3-4 bedrooms, 2 baths, som e with air an ail ap ­ pliances. Payments less than rent 
BOB DePAO LO 
344-3o91 
R E A L T O R 

Buy from Owner! This week ON 
L Y ! Save R e alto rs' fee! Fully e q u ippe d 
3 2 2 in w.ooded 
Foothills. Bus to all N S »chools. 
*39,5oo. 344-8869 

In this J bedroom home plus in­ come apartment. Home has over 
15oo sa ti. with new roof and out­ side paint. Apartm ent rents for 
*5o month. L o c a te d in Lo s 
A n g e le s H ats. A n d p ric e d at ! Schneider 
*26.ooo. Veterans can buy wifh nothing down. 

BUY IN FOREST OAKS 
New to market All brick, separ­ ate liv in g , d in in g , den and i covered patio. P riv a cy fenced, and only *4o,5oo 
Century 21 neider Realty ____ 
684 72oo 

684-433o 344-62o7 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S Bcndero Rd. Ofc 

CAII 22 5 1666 

BU Y OURS... 
Our Selier-Participation Option sa v e * m oney fo r b u y e r s and se lle rs. 
F o r d e ta ils, c a ll 
Homeowner M arketing Service 
349-4373. ______________________ 

IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
E X P o IS S A N D N E W S 

F O R E S T O A K S 
4-2-*, brick home, fam ily room with fire p lace , liv in g , d in in g , divide d floor pion, clean and pretty. Don’t m iss this one! 
LEO N V A L L E Y 
3-2-2. central heat-air, huge trees, beamed ceilings, lovely home. 
Mid 3o'S 
O W N ER A N X IO U S 
Hobby, Marshall area. 3-2-2, close to elementary school. Huge tree in bock yard. All electric kitchen, including refrigerator. 
Priced right 
N E F F A N D M A R S H A L L 
4-2-2, carpeted beauty, AH electric kitchen, w asher, d rye r and re­ frigerator. Only 2years old Low 
3o’S 
BR A U N ST ATIO N 
3-2-2 with fireplace in beamed living areo, preffy trees, good living, tennis and swimming c u b 
C A N T E R F IE L O 
Lovely 3-2-2, corner lot, all rock, immaculate Great areo. Mid 3o's 
H E L O T E S P A R K E ST A T E S 
Charming, custom all brick 4-3-2 on fenced 'locre. Huge oaks fea­ tures form al livin g and dining plus targe family room with fire­ place, separate bedrooms. *77,5o9 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L ID A Y 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Brick 4 bedroom, 2 bath, ample storage, N E. School district. 
Many extras. Just reduced lo 
*53,7oo. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
Realtors-NE Loop ofc 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
T R A D IT IO N A L -B e au tifu i living room and dining room, cathedral ceiling in large family room with fire place, 3 bedroom , 2 bath, covered patio, large corner lot, 
*57,5oo. 
S P A N IS H D E L I G M T -Executive home In new area of Hollywood 
P ark, large livin g and dining room, plush beige carpet thruout, huge den with fireplace and lots of built-ins, Master bedroom has a 

3-2-2, like new, low equity, im ­ mediate occupancy, alt appl turn in lorge kitchen, w alk to pool- school, 494-2163.______________ 
LO TS OF S P A C E in this older superbly built rock. 3-2-2-den, 
2ox2o playroom, newer kitchen, fireplace, la rge co rn e r/p re tty se ttin g of o a k s. B u y today, redecorate your way! 824-4*o7 
REQUA REALTY CB 

LOVE KT PURSE SIGHT! 
Im m aculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath, convenient to schools and shop­ ping, Formal living, fomily room, central heat and air, double gar- agi. Open terms. *33,9oo. 681-3222, nites 69o-9616. 
BILL SO U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
L O V ELY 2 Story home with m oi­ ler suite down. Large family with fireplace, fo r m a l d in in g . A sfnnklered lawn with lovely large 
(Bks. Irregular polio in the rear 

LUXURY FOR LESS 
79o3 SH A D Y HO LLO W in Univer­ sity Hills, *54,75o Norlh on IM to, left on 16o4 past UTSA, right on 
White Fawn, left on Shady Hollow to 'for sale' signs. 
DOUGLAS LEWIS 

.TY WORLD 
"A W orld of Difference” 
For membership information 
349-1663, San Antonio 

(713) 622-39o1, Regional 

342-7324 Open Everyday 12-6 i 
M A N SIO N ON A H ILL 
Fantastic custom built rock home on lap of 7 acre hill with view in 4 ; directions. 6 months old, 4 huge: bedrooms, 2 fireplaces, tile patios; looking over miles of IM IO NW , 
*165,ooo 
F O R E S T O A K S E ST A T E S 
I year old beauty, fully carpeted! 
3-2-2, huge den with fireplace, big i screened porch. Really a lovely ( home for only *43,9oo 
B IG F A M IL Y H O M E 
Large fine home, next to Medical 
Complex. 5-2-2, huge den, living and dining, Over 23oo sa ft, all loaded and only *58,9oo 
Century 21 
Whitehead-Holiday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 

Med Center-VA Mea 
C U S T O M D E C O R A T E D . 4-2-2, fo m ily, liv in g, dining, ulility. 
Hobby room and huge covered 

Guy Chipman Co 

 null, RAIN, GO AWAY! 
Let the sunshine in - that'* what you'll say when you walk IR Int* lovely hom e In E N C H A N T E D 
FO REST. 4 good fifed bedrooms, plus a study and a sewing room make* this home a must see! coll tor more specific defoils 
A N Y T IM E !! 

344-62o7, 684-433o Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R EALT O RS-N . West Ofc 

R E A D Y FOR M O V E IN ! 
S p a c io u s and lo ve ly 2 sto ry , 
4-2' i-2, in the heart af C O L O N IE S 
N O R T H ! Gated en try-sep arate 
Hying ond dining roam,..huge ca­ lin kitchen Fam ily room 25x18 with fireplace! D u al heat-air, water soffner. VACAN T . Low 6o‘s 
49o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 
R IC H AS C O U N T R Y 
C R E A M 
Tremendous 2 story 3 bedroom home with over 2,ooo SQ. FT. of living area! Wet bar in G A M E 
R O O M , w orkshop wifh built-in bench, super kitchen, all am eni­ ties. Beautiful trees and lan d s­ caping. F A N T A B U LO U S 
*53,9oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 

ROLLING RIDGE 

M o i m " , r n W B ."M m y 'V ,!™ ," I m S 
| | » 
*55,9oo 
By owner. 684-2681______ P,u* studio of gameroom. 824-457) 
Nelson Cory. REALTORS 

Rolling Ridge: Lovely, spacious 
3-2-2, 19’ den with c a th e d ra l ceiling. Fully carpeted, draped, wall papered, fenced, landscaped, 
Cenfral heat, air, upper 
3o's. 
684-o4oo. 
_ _ _ _ _ 

MEDICAL CENTER AREA 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, located close to sh o p p in g, sc h o o ls, U S A A . 
Lorge family room, covered pa­ tio, utility sew ing room and a fenced yard. *43,5oo. 342-4177, nites 656-o333. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
1o2 M IL F O R D 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, central air, near bus and shopping. Only 
*24,95o. 
D E A N R U SS R E A L T Y 
341 44o7 

Rolling Ridge, Owner, 4-2-2, sq.ft. Upper *4o'S. 684-8554. 
1944 

MOM’S SPECIAL DAY 
Honor yourselves by moving into 
Dellview. 3-1 large den, carpet, fenced, util room Open term s, make offer, reduced *26,5oo. 
Van B um A Assoc 
684-7171 
654-64o8 

NEW HOME 
In H ID D E N F O R ES T , with 4 be­ droom s, 2 baths, big den with fireplace, separate living room, dining room, lots of builtin* ond features. 1924 sq. ft. No city taxes, 
*55,8oo. 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
N E W L tS T iN G ! Country kitchen m easures 21x12. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, Central air and heat. Close to sc h o o ls and Southw est R e ­ search. Beautiful lorge lot with muny trees. *29,9oo. Call 342-3211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW Si KLINE 
R E ALT O RV 5o Years of T R U ST 

NEW 3-2-2. $31,o8o 
Rock Fireplace. I living area. 
V A -F H A 
Also new 3-2-1. *26,5oo 
H U R L E Y 
824-1279 (Anytime) 
N ic e 2 bedroom , den, fre sh ly p ain te d , new ca rp e t. G o o d co nd ition . C o n v e n ie n t to N E 
Schools, bus, centers. Out of (won owner says sell. 341-17o8 
KIBBE REALTY 

No Modest Way To Say It 
This hom e is a good buy. 3 be­ droom Leon Volley home with double garage, separate living, large den. Reduced *1,5o8. A s ­ sume *2o2 mo. 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
No qualifying, *7oo. eauity and fake over paym ent*, *144. mo. 
3-1-cp. New stove, 675-2231 before 
4pm, any time weekends._______ 

RO O M FOR A LL 
Your family, friends. 4-2Vi-2, 3 big living areas, quite tree-shaded street. Convenient SW Research, 
SW Medical. Walk to school. 
M A C R E A L E ST A T E 828-2521 

SELECT PROPERTIES 

(O V E R *1oo,ooo) 

M A R Y M O N T E X C L U S IV E . 
Unique contemporary surrounds g o rg e o u s freeform pool. C u s ­ tomized features include co m ­ plete exercise roam with sauna and whirlpool. Call for further details and specially prepared brochure. 

E X E C U T IV E H O M E on 2 acres overlooking Canyon Creek Golf 
Course 5-3Vj, large family roo rn. 
Wetbar, separate dining, gourmet kitchen 

IO A C R E S with lake overlooking entire city. Large well maintained older home. Pool, kennels, and oui buildings, northeast schools. 

AN A C R E OF O A K S in Shavano 
Park, 4 bedroom, formal dining 14 
X 16, paneled living area adjoins delightful garden room. 
Immaculate. 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 
S m all ca sh a ssu m p tio n . D e e r 
Run. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, central beat- air, appliances, easy terms, 
*255 per month. Will trode 
BOB DePAO LO 
344-3o91________________ R E A L T O R 

SOUNDS FISHY 
Because it’s a whale at a buy 3 bedroo m s with sunken fam ily room ond fireplace. Located In a very desirable Northw est lo ca­ tion. Selfing for *32,ooo and only 
*1,45o down or no down on VA. 
Century 21 
Schneider Realty 
684-72oo 

SPARKLER 

N O R T H S ID E SCHO O LS - Neat 3 bedroom home appliances - cen­ tral heat and air. *1 IOO equity and assume 
$218 mo. 
675 1491, 
474-1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E ST A T E 

O 3oo2 MW LOOP 41o • 
Nice 3-2 den on corner, 2 blk* west of Fredsburg Rd. *J2,Soo. T R A D E 
IN 
YO U R 
H O M E. 
344-3471, 
656-4528, 
BO B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
O A K H IL L S 
Prestigious hom e with everyth­ ing! L iv in g room, living-dining room, den with fireplace, gam e room, hobby room plus bar room, 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 35oo sa ft of g ra c io u s liv in g areo, built in vacuum, sprinkler system, much more. *98,58o. 
Bv appointment only 
H S K E ALT Y, 
824-7417, 344-5633 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
3-2-2, Soonish, with nice, fenced yard, carpeted den, central air and heat. N o rth sid e sc h o o ls. 
*39,95o V A -F H A or assum e low interest note. Ann C a rtw igh t, 
696-533o, 342-3778 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

T h is 3 bedroom home w ill sell fast, new on market, Only *25,75o. 
Call for more details on this Great 
Location in Shenandoah Sub-divi­ sion. Nites 433-6658. 
349-4343 or 349 3535 Anytime 
Oeanie Owens Co 
R EALT O R S-Blonco Rd. Ofc 
3ooo SO FT custom 5 bedroom, 
2' j bath, double g a ra g e hom e filled with the finest amm enifies money can buy! Features m as­ sive raised hearth rock fireplace, sunken living, separate form al dining for entertaining, gourm et kitchen, priced right wifh financ­ ing to fit your special needs. 
681-o66o. 
REB CARPET 

START MOINE 
3 b e d ro o m s-f2 b a th s + liv in g rcom +den-Fbay windowed dinin- g+stove+retrigerator + central neat-air + fenced yard + * ye ars old equals *24,5oo. 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

2 STORY STOCCO 
3 bedroom , 3Vt bath w ith fire ­ placed livinp, downstairs master, open airy kitchen, special bonus gameroom . Double electric g a r­ age 5o'S. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 
S W IM M IN G T IM E 
Enjoy your own sw im m ing pool plus this large 3-2-2 in beautiful 
Glen Oaks Park. New paint in and out, new c a rp e tin g an d a p ­ pliances. 
Appraised at *5o,2oo 
Conv 
C O U N T R Y 
L IV IN G -C IT Y 
C O N V E N IE N C E S 

OAK T R E E S 4-2 2 B R IC K 
No down anyone! Sunke living area with corner brick fireplace 
D inin g area in appiianced kit­ chen, paneled garoge, privacy fence, air, carpet and more in 
Forest Glen, only *336 month. 
. _ , , 
_ 
, . , 
344-5564 Hart McCorm ick 344-2993 This is something special. Large 5 
O F F 'B A N O'e R A.T Tiedroom sT? be<Jr^ s' 4 b°‘h bome' »“*» baths, central air-heaf, range, 
2-car garage. Equity and assume 
*178,.8% int., *26,5oo or best otter. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S- 
TATE 732-2918, 732-5355. 
O F F M A R B A C H RD. 4 bedroom, attached carport, central heut- air, ran ge, refrige rato r, d ish ­ w ashe r. Low equity, m onthly paym ents *157, 7Vs%, $19,6oo. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
TATE 732-2918, 732-5355. 

OFF WILSON 
2926 W. Ashby. 3 bedroom, 2 cor ga rag e . P ric e d lo sell. D a v id 
Pozzi, R E A L T O R 349-4195. Niles 
344-5o62 
O L M O S D R IV E . You m u*! see this one. A real beauty, 2 spacious bedrooms, separate dining room, lo ve ly room , lo v e ly kitch en , paneled den, garge, large shadey yard. VA-FH A. Call Ann 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

O V E R 24oo S Q F T ! 
Family sized 2 story. 4-2-2 in the 
S U M M IT . Form al and inform al area... m atter suite downstairs... 
28 x 16 G A M E R O O M u pstairs with lo a d s of sto ra g e ! H u ge covered patio for outdoor enter­ taining. W ANT LA ST AT $54,9oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R EA LTO R S 
P AC K UP YO UR 
C A R E S 
And move into this 3 bedroom, 2 hath home in J E F F E R S O N T E R ­ 
R A C E . W O E K S H O P could be a p layro o m . F ire p la c e d fam ily room, patio ond p rivacy yard, 
A LL FO R O N L Y *31,5oo. S E E IT 
TODAY. 
R E A L T O R S 
696-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

 yith it’s floodlights otters exciting ired for entertaining. P op u lar fireplace wifh sitting area, 3 otiUT bedrooms, 2 both $orink!or 
, 5 sdrooli Jus* Q few seeps awny. tem o ve re d pat,o T m m ^ im e ' ” 9-m 
Ca" 34J’32" A N Y T IM E occupancy 

681-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

 to n FAST RESULTS 
PLACE YOUR W AN T AD 
IN THE EXPRESS N EW * 
CALL 225 1666 

C O M PA SS R E A L T Y 
494-16o1 494 3o)2 
H O L L Y W O O D 
PA r"k" 6 Y 
O W NER. 4 bdrm, 2</j bath, pool 
Mid 8o s, 494-5349. 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Years of T R U ST 

M E D C E N T E R . Energy saver 3 bedroom, J bath, double garage brick home, refinance 54o,75o or assume *298 with low equity. 
HOW SWEET IT ISH! 
Outstanding 4 bedroom, 2 bern sn a quiet cul-de-sac. Form al living 
681-o66o. and dining, fam ily room villi a fireplace. Saltillo tile cou tyard 
D [ n p A D D L T entry, and o privacy fence! yard. 
||l U U f t l i r L I 
*58,5oo. 681-3222, nile* 3496837. 
....... 
........... 
B IL L SO U T H ER N RE7LTO R 
CALL J 2 S - I6 6 6 

P R IC E R E D U C E D 
* ON RALKY-4 BEDROOM* 
Smart front porch to this brick I story, 4-2-2. L arg e living oreo, g lo sse d to patio and p riv a c y grounds. Assum able loan. Price 
*36,75o. 824-2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 
P R IC E R E D U C E D ’ 27o3 Castan­ et. Oft of Vance Jackson, north of 
Loop 41o. Beautiful 4 bedrooms, 
2’ti baths, formal dining, spacious living room, paneled family room wit* fireplace, new gourmet kit­ chen with pantry, plus game room 
25x14. Custom drapes and carpets included. (296o sq.ft. per North­ side School Tax Office). Lan d s­ caped y a rd with oak trees. 
*49,9o*. 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW K HUNE 
REALTORS-SO Yecrs Of T R U ST 

R A IN B O W H IL L S . N ice 3 b e ­ droom*, den, ivy baths, central heat-air, wall to wall capel, large covered patio. Eauity or refin­ ance. Monthly payments *197, int. 
8%, total price *26,OOO. C H A R L E S 
WATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732-5355, 228-9)o4. 

 ates from UTSA. 3ox14 pool, IOO year old oak frees on acre of land. 
Over 33oo sa ft. An exceptional property and only *98,5oo Conv 
C A R E F R E E L IV IN G 
Change your lifestyle, eniov your free time, no m aintenance, all u n itie s in clu d e d in I sm a ll payment. 2 large bedrooms, fire­ place and complete elecrtic kit­ chen for only *29,9oo 
O F F V A N C E JAC KSO N 
You owe it to yourself to see this beautiful 2 bedroom home. Excel­ lent condition, walking distance to schools, sh op p in g, b u se s and priced at only *21,9oo Conv 
C e n tu ry 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
341-71 IS_________________R E A L T O R S 
T H E BU CK STO PS 
H E R E 
A t a P R IC E R E D U C T IO N Of 
$2,75o! Super Split 3 bedroom a r­ rangement home with fireplaced family room, central everything. 
Redwood patio room, profession­ ally landscaped privacy garden. 
R O S E S eve ryw h e re . 
I M ­ 
M A C U L A T E F A M IL Y H O M E! 
*44,75o. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

T H E S U M M IT 
Fantastic fam ily area IN T H IS 
3-2-2 
G O O D 
A S S U M P T IO N 
T E R M S ! L iv in g - d in in g ‘L ‘... paneled den... built-in kitchen with breakfast area. Delightful yard a n d co vered patio. 
IM M - 
C A C U L A T E! *43,4oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
I 
T H E SW E E T S P E L L 
OF SU C C E SS! 
O W N IN G 
Y O U R 
O W N 
H O M E ...and thi* one you can a Hard. IM M A C U L A T E 3 bedroom! heaven completely carpeted, a lh amenities, covered patio, privacy' yard. B E A U T IF U L L Y L A N D S i 
C A P E D ! 
T E R R IF IC 
Y O U N G i 
A REA . 
$27,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
681-29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 

T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
Bv owner. 3-2-2, drapes, carpeted, built-ins, covered patio, brick 
BBQ . Convenient lo U T SA and 
Medical Center. Low 3o s. 681-2oo3 

TRADE HOMES! 
543 SPLIT BEDROOMS! 
4-3 BATHS! 
Let your home equity be the 1o% or 2o% down payment! $Vi% now! 
Going u p *??? 8 models open dai­ ly! Callaghan at Vance Jackson! 
MIKE KINDER BLDR 
1 
696-833o 

THE AC H O N NUMBER 
FOR FAST BESU IT* 
PEACE YOUR W AN T AO 
IN THE EXPRESS N E W * 
C A IL 2 7 5-16 66 

,o a n A n to n io t A K K t b i> -N t W S 
-Sunday April 24 1977 

FORD 

During the month of March we had a record sales month. 
I w a n t to t h a n k all th e p eople th a t bought a new or used vehicle from us during 
March. 
In order to keep the m om entum going in 
April we are going to offer you truly spectacu­ lar savings on each and every vehicle in stock. 
I f you want the best deal and the best service after the sale, please d o n t buy any where else before you talk to us. 
Red McCombs 
Red McCombs, President of Hemphill-McCombs Ford accepts trophy for outstanding car sales performance in the month of March from Jeff Kellogg, Ford Motor Co. Zone Manager. 
★ A P R IL D I S C O U N T S P E C T A C U L A R * 

EXAMPLE 

’7 7 LTD ll 

2 door hardtop, bright saddle m etallic, autom atic, pow er brakes, pow er steering, Duraspark ignition system, radial tires, 3 o 2 V8 engine, all vinyl trim , deluxe bum per group, air conditioned, tinted glass, deluxe wheel covers, body side m oldinq. . . 
= 6 3 o 9 . 
*4974 
DISCOUNT 
689 

EXAMPLE 

’7 7 PINTO 
ST ATION W AGON 
2 d o o r, polar w hite, 4 speed trans­ mission, front disc brakes, rack and pinion steering, Duraspark ignition system, all vinyl bucket seats, carpeting, fold down rear seat, mini console, bright w indow frames, 
Limited Edition Package (body side m olding, dual body side stripes, lug­ gage rack, wire wheel covers, dual sport m irrors) 2.3 litre engine, white wall tires. . . = 6 3 6 9 . 

DISCOUNT 

EXAMPLE 

’7 7 MAVERICK 
2 door Vermillion red, synchronized 
3 speed transmission, front disc brakes, Duraspark ignition system, carpet, b righ t drip m olding, w heel­ ing m olding, 
Limited 
Edition 
Package (special tw o spoke steering wheel, body side accent stripes, 4 style steel wheels with trim rings, body side m olding, flig h t bench seat, dual sport m irrors, 2 o o V-6 engine, w hite w all tires. . . = 6 2 5 1 . 
*3488 
DISCOUNT 
*445 

HEMPHILL-McCOMBS 

EXAMPLE 

FORD 
M OO PICKUP 
C u sto m S ty te s id e , W im b te to n w h ite , 3o2 V 8. cruise a rm itic transmission, air conditioning, radio, tinted glass. Stock No. 6283 
$4648 
DISCOUNT 
*11o1 

EXAMPLE 

4CT3C 

’77 GRANADA 

2 door, dark red, 4 speed overdrive transmission, fron t disc brakes, 
Duraspark ignition system, w hite wall radial tires, wheel covers, bright m olding, opera windows, carpet, w oodtone instrum ent panel applique, 19 gallon fuel tank, 2 o o 
V6 engine. . . = 6 3 9 8 . 
*3891 

DISCOUNT 
*42o 
*1155 

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR FOR FORD, CHEVROUT, DODGE GOOD TIMES VANS AND TEC FAMILY VANS 

GOOD IM ES VAN 

The p e rfe c t van fo r th e young a t 

 h e a rt on the ro a d or o ff th e road. 

Turn on yo u r fa v o tite 

 music in s te re o w h ile sip­ 

 ping a cold one in your 

 m o b ile a p a rtm e n t. 
Com e 

 in and see th e selection of 

17 d iffe re n t m odels and 

 flo o r plans. 

Van Equipped With: Automatic trans­ 

 m is sio n , V -8 , p o w e r s te e rin g , brakes, passenger and drivel 

 seat, mag wheels, wide ovals, 

 side pipes. 

TEC FAMILY VAN 
N o w you can go anytim e and anyplace w h e n you ow n a TEC FAMILY VA N . Ex- 

ST ARTER 
VAN 5988 

Instant Financing lip To 
Months. 

 j 1o1o SAN PEDRO 
222-8611— 222-8868 ^ 
Across fro m H em phill McCom bs Ford 

 p lo re scenic b y -w a y s , v is it fam ous landm arks, sleep over v . . n ig h t a t a ro a d s i d e p a r k o r beach, etc. Com e 
'n an d let us show you w h a t living is really like. 

EXAMPLE 

Z F * 
V S 

R 

’77 LTD LANDAU 

4 door pillard hardtop, champagne color, automatic, power steering, power brakes, 
Duraspark ignition system, white wall radial tires, front and rear bumper guards, body side molding, accent stripes, full wheel covers, electric clock, color keyed belts, vinyl top, sound insulation package, V8 engine, split bench seats, tilt wheel, cruise control, power seats, tinted gloss, air conditioned, power win­ dows, power door locks, light group... 3= 6133. 
*6893 
DISCOUNT 

VAN HEADQUARTERS 
*4 o o 1 OFF ON EACH USED CAR LISTED BELOW 

MAIN STORE 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

’ 7 6 plymouth Ouster, standard, 
; " air, conditioned, very * ^ 
^ m low milos. Extra 
$ 
o 
7 
^ 
1 
7ft LTD 4 door, air conditioned, power 
" mM Steering, brakes, factory air, vinyl 
^ f l Q 
R 
7 root......................... 
>...... 
■ T T O in 

’ / 5 LeMANS Sport Coupe, vinyl roof, 
M rally wheels, automatic transmission, air conditioned, power steering 
& rn rn m rn and brakes, bucket seats with 
? A I A 
A console................................................. 
■ I w 
■ 

Ghia 4 door, auto- 

 s4 4 7 3 

’ 7 4 T-BiRD fully equipped with oil j M 
V power accessories, 
_ _ _ 
AM-FM stereo with 
] / 
I 
I tope player.'. J I.. '. ~ 
. ,v..* *3 Mm J 
*3 

’ 7 9 LINCOLN rn 
Mm nower indudinc 
4-door sedan, full 
. power including 
^ ^ _ 
- - windows and seats, stereo ? T | A A radio, very low miles....................... w I 
A # 

WEST 
SIDE 
47o7 
W. COMMERCE 

’ 7 6 MONTE CARLO 2-door bard 
" top, loaded, power, 
^ automatic transmission, air con- 
Q 
Q 
I ditioned, extra nice............................. ^ 
T O I 

’ 
7 
6 o l d s 
Cutlass 
Supreme 
2-door, 
M m 3 bucket seats, automa-^ mn rn mm mn tic, air, power steering & brakes,$ £ f j P C low miles, will help finance 
J 
H r %3 J 

12 MONTH/12,ooo MILE 
“ . “ A? WARRANTY AVAILABLE 

SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 S.Rf. MILITARY DR. 

SE H A B L A 

E S P A N O 
L 

’ 7 6 ,MPAlA 
<m mw nulomutir 
..■ ; ' 
• transmission, 
AM-fM radio . 

Loaded, power, air, 

 s4 9 8 5 

7 6 ol£)S Regency 4-door, very top of 
" the line, tilt wheel, power windows and seat, AM-FM stereo with tape. player, power antenna, electric? A 
Q 
O I trunk release, must see to believe 
W a O 
I 

’ 7 6 CRAN TORINO 
4-dooi 
" mw automatic transmission, air con­ ditioned, power a rn M 
•» steering and brokes, factory air, ? / l A 
Q 
C fully loaded 
.............. rn J 

’ l h 
D o D G E Vt ton pickup, navy blue 
M m 3 with pin stripes, 
& MI mm rn rn economy special, 6 cylinder s t a n - ? ^ O C J dard, only 1o,ooo miles, like new w rn J 
I 

* 7 5 ford F-2SO, automatic, air, power 

" steering and a m tm m m brakes' camper. 
? A Q 
I 
Mu.it sell quick.................................... 
■ a 
J I ' 

’ 7 2 mercury Custom 4 door, real rn Mm dean, automatic, air, r> power steering and brakes, 
O O 
O drives good....................................... Mn ML O rn 

’ 7 3 LTD 2-door coupe, $ I QQC 
M Q # automatic, a ir......... I rn rn tM 

’ 7 3 BUICK Century Luxus, automatic, 
" 
9M power and air, low 
. _ _ 
_ _ miles, like new, white 
# 
o 
7 
V 
Q on white.............................................. Mn M %Mm 

M 
% v n t V K U L t I 
Impala station 
M I w wagon, real dean, automatic trans­ mission, arr 
^ 
_ conditioned, power steering ond 
| 52 o brakes, tinted gloss 
'.'Mn I w a 

 l h DODGE Super-Cab Trodesmon, 4 
" 
>:d, ait, all power, ' 
^ deluxe scamper, 
^ 
5 x 
o 
o 
19,GoG m ile s. 
.. 
J 
O 
T 
/ 
5 8 9 9 

NORTH 
STAR 
732o 
SAN PEDRO 

’ 7 6 GRANADA 2-door, 6 cylinder, 
M m 3 automatic, air, 
. _ _ _ power steering, 
? O W O 
O low miles.............................. v v 
7 
7 

’ 7 4 toyota Corolla station wagon, 
M 
■ 4 speed, air condi- 
6 mm rn am am tioning, immaculate 
? O j L T T condition.............................. ML W # rn 

I 

’ 7 4 FoRD LTD 4 d oc. V G, auto- 
• 
■ matic, air, 
^ pawer, 
25,ooo miles.........................a 
H 
U 
U 

’ 7 o PONTIAC Catalina, V-8, auto- 
" \m 3 motic, air condi- honing, power, completely 5 *I 
< 4 4 original, like new . . . . . . 
I W a rn 

’ 7 A PONTIAC 
3 >m3 motic, power, air, 
Trans-Am, V-8, auto- 

•ike new condition 
5 3 8 8 

NORTHWEST 
LOOP 41o AT BANDERA 

7 6 CUTLASS 
M mw uutomoltf r 
M ■ 
V U I LIA J J 
Solon 
2 door, 
V-8, 
W ? uutomotu transmission, power ytjgedng, brakes, foctory uir, AM + mn m m 
.(tope, silver with red roof, 13,ooo 

’ 7 6 MONTEGO 
M autom atic trap 
MX 2 door, V-8, transmission, power steering, brakes, factory air, AM -tf ■« a 
/ x 
? W 
FM, silver with red vinyl roof, * 
X 
X 
Q 
8,ooo miles........................................ 
J 
W 

 cylindei, automatic transmission, power steering, brakes, uir con-.-^ 
_ ditioned, AM-fM stereo, wafer ^ 
5 
o 
o 
5 
♦ank, sleeps J.. . , 
.....................J 
# # J 
5 9 9 5 

’ 7 1 LTD 
* 
■ mafic t 
Brougham 4 door, V-8, auto­ matic transmission, power steering, brakes, factory *P I 7 
o 
W air, vinyl roof..................................... 
I w rn 

THUNDERBIRD 
Landau 
2 
M mw j door, V-8, automatic tronsmission, power steering, brakes, factory * - 
M ok power windows 
£ L W W ond sent. 
I 
» / / 

CADILLAC El Dorado, automatic tronsmission, power steering, brakes, air conditioned, power a t m gm mm windows and seat, AM-FM, aqua.......................................... m 

★ 1o25 SAN PEDRO AVE. ★ 47o7 W. COMMERCE ★ 732o SAN PEDRO AVE. 
222-8611 
4 3 3 -1 4 6 4 
349-6591 
* lOOr 41o AT SANDERA 
* HOI S.W. MILITARY DR. 
6 81 -1 4 3 1 
9 2 2 -6 3 1 7 

 a HEMPHILL-M C C O M IS FODP W I IN 1 9 7 7 » W IM fM ILL-M <C O M »S FODO # 1 IN 1 9 7 7 
- 
‘HILL-McCOMBS FOND # I IM 1 9 7 7 a H IM P N m -M c C O M B S FORD B l IN 1 9 7 7 • 

Page I 4-C 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 9 77 
't a i• a u h u h u p w iP F jP (_ 1 c t • sm m m w prorom f i??t swiimuwpwiPtinY aw -wtsmrrpmptmits it w u n s 

2 )2 HO W SHQRTHWIST 
214 M M B - W m H S T 
1216 HOUSH S W T IffllK ! t i t • H W « S M I)T W « t8 T 

T R A D IT IO N A L B E A U T Y ! l f * th* perfect home for fam ily (Ivins 
M o ther w ill a p p re cia te the well planned kitchen with a cc e n t on lo ti of cabinet space and b u iltin * 
There ore 3 bedroom s, o spacious dining room and living room and th a t s o m eth in g e x tr a c a lle d a 
G ard en Room C h u rch ill school a re a end co n ve n ie n t la m a lls. 
Pool and tennis coart p rivileg es are available. 834-o131 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KUNE 
R E A L TOR + SO Y e ars of T R U S T 
T R E E S 
T R E E S . T R E E S ' O ver fifty giant oaks on a beautiful ex fro large lof. F a m ily room with fireplace, form ol living and dining room 6 over sized bedroom s plus paneled study J d e co ra to r co m ­ p artm en ted baths W a lk in g dis fe n c e to e le m e n t a r y s c h o o l. 
342-3111 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e ars of T R U S T 

TREES 
TREES 
TREES 
Approx >4 acre, older, spacious home. 4 bedroom, 3 baths, large den, study, form al livin g room , dmmg room 
O w ner wants sell. 
Can 
Je o n M artin 344-2341, 494-2o27 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

T U R T L E C R E e!< ! B e a u t iiu i spacious Condo 3 bedroom s, one club bath and one-half bath. Cus­ tom droes. Fgntostie floor plan. 
V e ry elegant. Patio by Los Patios. 
G racious living at an affordable p r ic e of $38,2oo 
Se# to d a y ! 
494-76$! A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
REA LTQ RS-5o Years at T R U S T 
University Oaks 3-2-5# corner lot, low 4o s. 696-27S2 

V a le n c ia B v o w n er. 4-2-2, 1938 sa ft., form al livin g-d ining tam room with fireplace, 656-4622 after 
Spm No agents. 7*4 VA . $51,5oo. 

VV. CRAIG 2 BDRM 
Low dn, owner carry, nice yard 
828-o665 
736-1744 
734-4117 
W A TSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

WHERE BREEZES Bl OW 
A w a y fro m n o ise an d h e a t in p opular B ro u n S tatio n off B a n ­ dera. Y o u 'll love “ o p e n '' liv in g a r e a . 4 b e d ro o m s , c a t h e d r a l j ceilings, sw im and tennis club. • 
558,9oo 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
Best buy, 4 bedroom s, form al liv ­ ing, raised separate dining, huge den has fire p la c e . G a m e room w ith to ns of b u ilt- in s . S e w in g room, forest of trees. Call Beth 
Tate L S IG ____________________________ I 
W h is p e r in g O o k s - B y O w n e r! 
5-3’v-2 Tudor, woodshake roof, on beautiful corner lot, 9o oaks, prof la n d sca p in g , s p rin k le r system . 
31oo+ sq.ft., q u ality decorating, w a le r softener, w et b a r, m a n y extras 51o8,ooo. 492-19)4__________ 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
115o6 Whisper C M 
B y O w n e r O p e n H o u s e 12-6. 
6-3’ j-2 plus fo rm a l livin g room , d in in g ro o m , p a n e le d f a m ily room P r iv a c y fence. N .S .I.S D 
595,ooo. 492-9444 

 r 
PERSONALITY PLUS! 
TM* 
J - 2 - J is n e w on the m ark of so to k e a look I 
C a th e d ra l ceiling, larg e don w ith firo p le c e and gorgeous n e w c a rp e t. Tormoi d ining or livin g . 
Iq u tty ond assum e. 
M ites 8 2 6 .7 6 * 8 
MINT CONDITION 
Im m a c u la te ond spacious describes this 4 * 3 - 2 b e a u ty In la k e s id e . lo w a c u ity ond ossumo 
$324 m o nthly p aym en ts. This w on t lost tong. 
M ites 6 5 6 - 4 7 8 1 . 
OST OS MICHI 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

. m a r r o n 
J s o u t h w e s t 
(-•w it t| 

HIGHLAND PARK 
Qui** uffo, 2 bedroom, hying end dining room. 
Utility room with wether tnd dryer 
Ute* delight 
Paneled for w ry main- 
IM M . 
LUXURY 
New lifting in 
Highland*, 
3 bedroom*. tgacHHi* Hying and din trig tom bination 
Pe ne Led family room, I both*, one ah tile Wow target, boat and air Parti (th* yard. 
Term*. 
5 3 2 - 5 2 4 5 

 n it ® * , o 2 7 - 7 2 9 8 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REAlTOffS— MIS 

S. (ast Oft. 

BUY VA 

Cle an 3 bedroom h a m * rn Is m - bow HIW* 2 bewig area*, tat* af torpor rentrti mr hoot, sot 

 ftrtjjMtco, atorm«*tt»*t pm mony other tattwtv 

LOW EQUITY torety 3 bedroom heme with forgo Hog, range, refrig., ond fen ted fora located in on ore® with ensy otto** to bo*#* expressway end sthooi*. low monthly payment*. 

HOME AND INCOME 

Nee duel*, ie Hentee* (erie nee, Wilton) Hell m i Iwkfeml 
CIB On* unit hoi I k* dr. I int end 2 Beths, th* other unit has I b*dr*ems end I bath. Bedrooms end 
Urine sites if* luBy tern*led (itshen* ere teuiygtd 
Wit* long*, dishwesher, dispose! end refrigerator 
Goad tnsemt potential 

FOR DETAILS AND 

VIEWING 

CAU 673-So83 ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

SCHOOL’S OUT! 

 and ii w ill soon b« Hot! Relax 

 in this IMMACULATE centrally 

 oir conditioned 3 bedroom, 2 

 both home with 
MANY, 

MANY 
EXTRAS! 
May be 

 assumed or refinance. 
Call 

NOW for more details . . . 

2 houses, sto rag e b u ild in g and double g a ra g e ap p ro x '■> a c re near IH 37. $14,5oo. Rob erta W hite 
533-7163, 333-8743 
BO B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

Highland Hills. 3-2-1. 862 Pennvs- tone. 534-553o 
H IG H L A N D H I L L S , on q u ie t s tre e t. V a c a n t r e a d y fo r new owner. Beautifully redecorated 3 bedroom , sp acio us liv in g room and kitchen. La rg e patio, fenced, 
VA-FHA. Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S . B est to r the m oney, oil b rick , 3 b edroom , 2 both, c e n tra l h eat- air, c a rp e t, 
VA-FHA. Call Olga 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S 
Best buy, 4 bedroom s, form ol liv ­ ing, raised separate dining, luge den has fire p la c e . G a m e room w ith Io n s a l b u ilt- in s . S e w in g room, forest of trees. Call Beth 
Tate 

341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

C entury 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 
673-o1o8 

Highland Hills. Lovely 3 bedroom, 
I 11 baths, heat a ir, ap p lian ce s, large fenced yard . S17,5oo total. 
No down VA . Sm oll down F H A . 
W ill trade 
B O B D e PA O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 

WHISPERING OAKS 
R e s p le n d e n tly d e lig h tfu l 3 be- 
Sroo m s, 3 b ath g a rd e n h o m e ! 
Two story high living a re a with a fireplace, form al dining, wet bar, and an up stairs patio. One of a kind1 
$63,9oo. 
342-4177, nites 
342-2947 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

H IG H L A N D P A R K A R E A 
3 large bedroom s, I bath, den with fireplace. Convenient to e ve ryth ­ ing! V A or Conventional. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R. G O N Z A L E S , Realtor 
INCOME C O M IN ’ IN 
The best buy of the y e a r for in­ come property 2 bdrm s, tile bath, detached 2-cor garage and large liv in g o r e a . T h is h o m e w a s remodeled and sits on a large lot in Highland Hills. O nly $16,5oo. 
824-o171 

^BEGINNER'S BARGAIN^ 

West northwest location with large 

 living room, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 

 workshop, combination dining- 

 family room. Close to shopping AND 

 schools. LOW 2o s. 

Bo9 MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-6211 

C L O S E TO L A C K L A N D 
En io v the fam ily room and fire ­ p lace in this 2-1. R an g e and re ­ frigerator stay. No down to Vets. 
Call 924-4253, nites 923-6185 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

2627 CO LIM A - $5,5oo. 2 bedroom , possible g ro ce ry store. Coil after 
3:3o,681-1767. 
__________________ 
3oo7 
F a i r 
M e a d o w s , n e w ly redecorated, only $13,5oo, fa v o ra ­ ble VA term s. 
924-42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 
533-7987 

3-1-1, fenced yard , carp eted , ap ­ p lia n c e s , a ir , e n c lo s e d p atio , 
52,5oo equity, 5144 mo. 623-4518 
F I R S T T I M E O F F E R E D . A s ­ sume this 3 B R , 2 bath with double garage. S m all equity, p aym ents 
$247 mo. 
I 333-4144 
Nites 649-12o2 

•a* W H Y R E N T ? ••• 
B U Y N othing down to a n y o n e ! 
E a s y to q u alify. 2, 3, and 4 b e ­ droom s, som e w ith ap p lia n ce s . 
C a ll n o w 1 H a b is m o s E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

WOODS IF SHAVANO 
C o n te m p o ra ry custom built two story 4 bedroom , 2' i bath home with two living and dining areas, ro ck w a ll, fe n ce d c o v e re d lot. 
Professonallv landscaped. All this and more, only $59,7oo. 
349-1436 Anytime 
SASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C, R E A L T O R S 
X T R A B IG B A C K Y A R D 
On quiet cul-de-sac. F re s h paint inside accented by 2 chandeliers. 
3 2-2 f a m ily ro o m , n e w d is h ­ washer, termo-vents. Shenandoah livin g w ith sw im club m e m b e r­ ship included. 
699-1133 
R E A L T O R S 
732-5968 
RED CARPET 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
242 K O E H L E R C O U R T 
N e a r M c C r e le s s . C o m p le te ly redone J bedroom , ce n tra l heat and air, fenced, garage. Ex cellent terms, no down to Veterans. 
341-8134 
A B D O 
<94-3229 

LAKESIDE-327,5oo 
U n b e lie va b le ! Im p e cab le lan d s­ caped 3-2-2, air, carpet, one living a r e a , a ll a p p lia n c e s , p r iv a c y fence. Ju s t $2,95o equity. Assum e 
$218 pym t Quick move-ln. 
828-4545 P R IA K O S R L T Y 654-o975 

6 6 f $1oo? 
B u y th is 4 b e d ro o m , P i b ath beauty. C en tral a ir, ap p liances, garage, carpet, ond M uch M ore! 
Call for details 
■ B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

N E A T 2 bedroom, den, separate dining, carp et, p aneled, fenced. 
N ear bus and R iley Ju n io r High. 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

H A L L A N D A L E A R E A . O lder- i style duplex. Close to shopping an d b us. O w n e r w ill fin a n c e , 
$15,ooo. 923-4327, 924-1968 
Ronald Williamson 
“ IM M A C U L A T E " 
3 bedroom, I bath, single garage hom e. 2 a ir u n its , r a n g e and fenced yard . Can be assum ed or o w n e r w ill c a r r y p a y m e n ts of 
$152. 
C o ll 
N O W ! 
K E L L E Y 
R E A L T Y 433-6642. 

YARD AND PLANT LOVERS 
To see this home is to buy It Huge lot with Los Patios built te rra ce and planting, plus, sep rate play and garden areas. Oh yes, a big 4 b edroom , 2 bath, 2 s to ry hom e comes with the deal and it is on a quiet cul-de-sac. 
Call for appointment 

349-1436 A n y t im e 

BASSE-WEILBACHER 
IN C, R E A L T O R S 
_ 

2 1 4 -HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

B E A U T IF U L h A m e . P e can VaF- tey 
AM b r ic k , 3 b e d ro o m s . 2 b ath s 
D en, f ir e p la c e , c e n tr a l heat-air, carp e t, 2 c a r g a ra g e , fenced yard , V A -FH A Call Ann ■ 

O F F R I G S B Y . 3 b e d ro o m . 2 baths, den. covered patio, central heot-air, double g aag e. E q u ity , monthly paym ents $19o, P /t VA , 
$26,5oo. 
D o n 't d e la y , b u y today—tom orrow will be loo late. 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E 732-2918, 732-5355. 

4-2-1, In V a lle y Fo re st, storage b arn , co v e re d p atio, la rg e lot, p r iv a c y fence. N e a r L a c k la n d , 
Kelly. M edina, all schools. $3o,5oo. 
675-o543. 

O F F W W . W H IT E R D . E x t r a clean 3 bedrooms, all brick, g a r­ age, carpets. No down VA, will trade. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 

JU S T O LD E N O U G H 
TO B E A B A R G A IN ! 
3 bed room , 2 bath, double c a r garage, with range and re frig e r­ ator, cent air-heat, fenced yard. 
C all NOW- m ove in M A Y ! K E L ­ 
L E Y R E A L T Y , 433-6641. 

3734 Portsm outh, 3 bedroom , pa­ tio. $15,75o. 333-2615 
____________ 

518 SALDANA 
8 RO O M S. ON L O V E L Y , L A R G E 
C O R N E R LO T S H A D E D W IT H 
IO P E C A N T R E E S 
P R IC E D TO 
S E T T L E 
E S T A T E 
S E E 
IT 
TO D A Y. 226-9126, 734-5S22 
Galindo Really Ca. 

KeHy-lacklasd-Medina 
No down to N C O ’s, b e a u tifu lly d ecorated 3 bedroom on corner lot with greenhouse, range. C a r­ pet. $2o,5oo 
C EN TU R Y 21 
Kelly-Lackland Realty 
674-1211 

W H Y NOT T H E B E S T ? 
House, for the best p rice In the best p art of H ighland H ills. See this 1oo% rock beauty today and let your dream s com e true. Call 
B arb a ra 
532 3252 
N IT E S 533-16o5 

L A R G E A N D R O O M Y 
Im m a c u la t e 4-2-2 in H e r ita g e 
F o r m . 
C a r p e te d , f ir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g , m o s t ap p liances, nice larg e rooms. Call for more details. 675-2152. 
RED CARPET r e a l t o r s 

 era ja c k M itc h e ll C entury 21 
532-31o7 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

3 bedroom . l ' i b ath s, C o u n try 
Kitchen, 3 c a r garage on acre of land, near schools 
S A N T E X CO , R E A L T O R S 
653-o46o 

3 bedroom . B e lla ir e , sell-trad e eq u ity, E . C e n tra l- K irb y a re a , term s open. 648-3582, 922-3624. 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

AAA B A R G A IN 
From $2oo to S3oo total m ove in. 3 or 4 b edroom s. P a y m e n ts less than rent. 
674-6126 
R A E R e al Estate 

J I 
Loaded with im provem ents 
Close to L a c k la n d . Lo w eq uity and assum e 7 % F H A with pints of 
>167. No Agents. 623-4833 

BELLAIRE 
3 bedroom s, larg e fa m ily room , ch e e rfu l k itch e n , fen ced y a rd , 
$16,9oo 
Roberta W hite $33-7163, 
333-8763 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

B v Owner 3-1-CP, all brick, $1,2oo equity Atter 5:3oPM 674-8259 

B Y O W N E R 
3-1-1, 326 F A IR 
V IE W $15,ooo 661-5567 _____________ 
B v O w n e r 
H a r la n d o le a r e a , rem odeled 3-2-1 hom e. Pan ele d , carpeted. 
924-6251 
No agents pleat#- 
B Y O W N E R 3-1-1, off IH i7 South 
5618 Greenhouse. Ex cellen t E a s t 
Central schools. $1,ooo. and m ove in now Coll Pleasanton 1-569-3382. w a D E L C R E S T aaa 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 c a r g arage 
On Lakew ood . $35,5oo. N othing d o w n to a n y o n e 1 
H a b lc m o s 
Espanol 913-19o4, 923-52o6 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

O ellcre sf, all b r ic k T c o rn e r to!. 
3-2-2. Fenced 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o___________________ 661-3322 

D E N V E R 
H E IG H T S . 
L a r g e older-styie 2 bedroom on SO* 15o ft. lot. Owner will finance. 923-4327, 
72+2922 
Ronald Williamson 

DON’T BRIN6 MONEY 
B ring your paint brush, no down paym ent to anyone J-4 bedroom s, 
2 b aths, som e w ith a ir and all appliances 
Paym en ts less than rent 
B O B D e P A O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 

A A -S a r O a i n 3 bedroom s, gar age, carpets. $2oo down. 
696 742o S L A T E R R L T Y 684-6169 
A B O U T $2o T O T A L C O S T i d 
M O V E IN clean 3 bedroom , any one can buy. 
67+6126 
R A E R e al Estate 

N E A R K E L L Y 
Nice 2 bedroom home with large fam ily room, off Loop 13 and IH 
35 C o nvenient to shopping and bases 
A good buy af $21,5oo 
Conventional. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D - H O L I D A Y 
341-711$ 
R E A L T O R S 

NO D O W N $2oo C L O S IN G . 3 be­ drooms, $149 ma. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 344-o936 

ADAMS HILL 

EASTWOOD 
Lo vely 3 bedroom hom e on boo- titut co rner lo! with trees. Com ­ bination living roam-dining room, fam ily room-covered patio. Huge s to ra g e ro o m . 3 c a r c a r p o r t. 
$23,65o. Coll 342-2211 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KUNE 
R E A l TO RS 5o Y e ars of T R U S T 

E a s tw o o d V illa g e , 3 b e d ro o m , carpeted, central air ond heat. 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o_____________________661-3322 
EASY L IV IN G 
W ork-saver, sieo-saver, Contem ­ p o ra ry home B eau tifu l lof with large trees surrounding this love­ ly 3 bdrm, 2 bath, 75% brick home in Eastwood Village. O nly $24,95o. 
824-o17! 
RED CARPET 
__________R E A L T O R S _____________ | 

IX PRISS AND N IW S 

Im m aculate, fully carpeted, 3-2-2 with kitcnen ap p lian ces+ w ater softner. Call today for this! 
675-285o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S - S. W est OfC 

A IR 
A P P L IA N C E S - F E N C E D • 
3-1-1, $19o down, $17o mo. 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
------- A T f l N T fO N !---------- 
B ellaire and M cCollum residents! 
Coll now for F R E E m a rk e t a n ­ alysis. No obligtation, or drop by 
118 W Hutchins. 924-4253 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
B E A U T IF U L 4 B E D R O O M - cen­ tra l H A, c a rp e t, lo v e ly y a rd . 
Nothing down, $22o mo. 671-1691, 
673-491o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
4 B e d ro o m , I b a th , c a r p o r t . 
Fenced yard. Air-heat. 9218 Agon 
Lone. $16,9oo 1-625-7627 
~ b e d r o o m s 
$21,ooo 
Super starter home in R A IN B O W 
H IL L S ! Single open livin g area, fire o la rm s , c o m p a c t k itch e n . 
Close lo elem entary school F le x ­ ible financing. S E E IT T O D A Y ! 
R E A L T O R S 
681 29oo 
Guy Chipman Co 

B E L L A I R E 
Vacant and ready lo m ove in. All carpeted 3 bedroom plus a w ork­ ro o m an d s to r a g e ro o m . 
Equipped kitchen and only 
$21,ooo. 
Century 21 
S chneider Realty_________684-73oo 
•*BO B H O P E SC H O O L A R E A a a 
N ic e 
3 b e d ro o m , c a t h e d r a l ceilings, central heat, on Cham ita 
N othing down to a n y o n e ! Hab- lamos Espanol 923-19o4, 933-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

B Y O W N E R , A d am s H ill, 4-2 T mony extros, assum e 7 % V A loan, and Dmts of $2o1, plus Eq u ity 
736-22o1, 826-3481, 673-5467 

B Y O W N E R 
3-2-1. 7oo6 Brown- leat S i.OOO and m ove in now. Call 
Pleasanton I 569-3382. 

B Y O W N E R . L a r g e lo t, 2 b e ­ droom 1 bath, dining room, A sk­ ing 
5)5,ooo. 
2o1 
B erkshire. 
226-8425____________________________ _ 

THI ACTIO N N U M B !9 fo e i a st m u m 
P l A C I TOUB W A N T AO 
IN TMI IX P B IS S N IW S 
C A II 22S-I666 

NO M O N E Y ? NO C R E D IT ? NO 
P R O B L E M ! No down paym ent to anyone 
3-4 b ed room s, 2 baths, some with a ir ond all appliances. 
Paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e PA O LO 
532-5251 
R E A L T O R 
O F F P L E A S A N T O N RD . 
3 bedroom home In stable neigh­ borhood 
C o nvenient to schools and shopping centers. 
Open terms. 
923-5911 
F R A N K R G O N Z A L E S , Realto r 

 aaa O F F P L E A S A N T O N R D aaa 
On Oak Brook. Nothing down to anyone! On this 3 bedroom. Easy to q u a lity . H a b tam o s Es p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923-52o6 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

 o f f Q U IN T A N A 6o2 F a y, 3 be­ droom, sep. dining, corner lot. 
92+4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
O F F Z A R Z A M O R A . Redecorated 
2 b e d ro o m , a t ta c h e d g a ra g e , s c r e e n e d p o rc h on 75x15o ft. corner lot. 923-4327, 349-8453 
Ronald Williamson 
O w ner m ust sell Im m ed iately, 3 bedroom s, IVibaths, real nice, tow e q u ity a n d a s s u m e 
$17,9oo balance 623-5463. 
P A Y M E N T S L E S S T H A N R E N T . 
3 bedroom s, air, $2oo down. 
696-742o S L A T E R R L T Y 14+o936 

 aaa 222 P H A R IS M a 
3 bedroom s, nice kitchen, $14,975, nothing down to anyone! 923-19o4, 
923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

U P S T A IR S , D O W N S T A IR S 
This d arlin g 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e in G a te w a y T e r r a c e is a ch a rm er thruout, Buy it today V A w ith no down ond p aym en ts of 
$235 341 -4484 
BED CARPET 
V A L L E Y H I, 3-1'j -2, m an y e x ­ tra s , $19oo e q u ity and assu m e loon 674-3696 after Spm. 
V A L L E Y HI N O R T H 
N ear Kelly-Lacktond, large 3-2-2, den, living, cent, air-heat., p ictur­ esque d rivew a y and m any shade trees. D W , disposal, stove, refrig., p aneled sew ing room includ ed . 
A ssu m e low 5 % % n o te and H S I mo. pmt. or re fin a n ce for only 
$32,5oo 67+8738 - ■ 
V A L L E Y H I P R IC E R E D U C E D on this im m acu late 3 beroom , J bath home. Central air-heat and appliances. Now priced at $21,865. 
Paym en ts of SISO can be assum ed with reasonable equity. 674-5411 
RED CARPET 

 aa W E S T C O M M E R C E A R E A aa 
N othing dow n to o n v o n e ! 4 b e ­ droo m s, 2 b aths, e a s y to b u y ! 
Habtam os 
Espanol. 
923-19o4, 
923-52o6. 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y r n W H Y R E N T ? t m 
B U Y-N othing down to a n v o n e l 
E a s y to q u a lify. 2, 3, and 4 b e ­ drooms, some with apptiancs. Call n o w ! 
H a b la m o s 
E s p a n o l. 
923-19o4, 923 52o* 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

2 1 8 - HOUSES M M 

(A N A M E Y O U C A N T R U S T ) 
W A T SO N and SO N 'S B u y and sell 
Houses ta be moved. Call ut: W e have same good ones ready to go 
492-996o, 69? 1o97, or we ll m ove your house for you 
House (C ed a r Shake Roof) N ew paint • Inside needs some w ork. 
W a s $1,ooo but now ta kin g est. 
M ust sell! 128-1o5o or 1-42o-2o76 a tt 5 

New Homes M o n t To yo ur lot. A ll paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom , I both, $1o,5oo 
3 bedroom , I bath, $12,ooo 
Dodson Lu m b er 
614-2256 
5 room fram e Ifouse • Llo yd E v a n s 
736-42o5. 8 to 5, Mon F ri. 
Tw o fra m e a p a rtm e n t houses, e a c h w ill m a k e 2 n ic e la r g e houses. $225o each . W ill m o ve easy, on piers. N. N ew Braunfels and E le an o r of North gate of Ft. 
Sam 
Houston. 
Salesm an on location. 

18 x36' and 16 x24' m o ved and foundation. 653-2137 
____ 

222 misc. REAL ESTATE 

P R IC E R E D U C E D an this beau t if u lly la n d s c a p e d 3 b e d ro o m brick home with a most desirable tloorplon. P rice d 538,9oo Central air- heat, p riv a c y fence. P ric e d 
$38,9oo. 69+1412 
FORTNA ASSOCIATES 

2 2 6 -SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 

S A Direct Line B26-12BP 

•ABUNDANCE OF OAKS# 
O ve r 9o live oaks and no rocks, 7 miles north with water. 7*4% fin­ ancing, by owner, Charles B ailey 
497-3752 or 673-2552. 
A C A S E OF 
T H E Q U IE T S 
A lovely stucco co ntem p o rary 3 bedroom hom e with on orie n ta l flair on I A C R E in B U L V E R D E , 
T e x a s . S m ith s o n V a lle y H ig h 
School a re a . 2 y e a rs young, all am enities. 3ox17 redwood patio. 
L a rg e ^ r e p la c e d liv m g d in in g fa m ily a re a , glassed b re a k fa s t nook L A R G E O A KS. 
$74,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
653-7341 

Guy Chipman Co 

!4AC $5oo DOWN 
O w ner loan, int. 8' j% , big pecans 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N & SON R E A L T O R S 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
N W of S a n A n to n io in B e x a r , 
Com al, Kend all Co s. 1-18- a cre s or M ore 

DON SMITH CO 
698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698-2261 
A C R E A G E 
T R A C T S • 
N e a r 
Boerne, Pipe Creek, D evine and 
La ve rn ia 
684-4211 P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

1/t ACRE BERCHEM 
51495 
N am e your term s. As low as $35 p er m onth. H B G R E A L 
E S T A T E . 733-13o9 or 497-3584. 

SUBURBAN SITES 

(HIN* GROVE. IS goes great tor a homesite. Partially fenced, frees, excellent fro n tal an paved road. 
Utilities in area Need septic. 
REDUCED TO *25.ooo 

TIMBER OAK ESTATES Trees, hills ond open spaces. Approx 
1.3 

 acres 5 miles north of 16o4 on 
Blanco Deep well, holding tank I p u m p ............... 
*12,5oo 
BULVERDE 
ESTATES • 
Beautiful 

 building site. 2 wooded acres. 
Hilltop view ............... 
$ J,BOO 

BULVERDE HILLS - 2 wooded lots one ideal for a split level located on hilltop offering panoramic 

 view of countryside 

SHELDON 
R A N ^ H ^ W x W building site • Comal County 
................................$5,9oo 
NEAR LBJ LAKE • S miles west of 
Marble falls in 
Burnet County 
$ 3,2oo 

824-o121 ANYTIME 

 f t o s o u r & k b t u . 

REALTORS - SO YEARS OE TRUST 

FINISH NEW HOME 

Handyman to finish new home, owners transferred before com­ pletion. 
Never lived in, on 

Guadalupe River near Seguin. 
Ready to move into Beautiful split-level. Niles 656-758o 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY of HOMES 

656-552o 691-1121 
341-9191 

APPROX. IOO ACRES 
Tallev Rd. N W , just IO min. To San 
Antonio, beautiful scenic country. 
J E R R Y B A C O N , R E A L T O R S , 
622 3283, 622-3735, 6R+2195. 

APT BLOTS? 
En jo y country living p riv a cy, by owner, large mobile hom e on Vs acre , g a rag e, w orkshop, patios, tre e s ! F e n c e d , I H IO N W . Sh ag carpet, dishw asher, double oven. 
$23,9oo. 698-26o4 eves. 

A REAL BARGAIN! 
24x6o double wide mobile home on approx. acre. 144o sq. ft. 3 be­ droom s, 2 baths, furnished . F o r only $14,7oo. 
249-3545 or 249-2678 
242 S. M A IN 
B O E R N E , 
T E X . 
R.M. George Realty 

ATTENTION HUNTERS 
33 a c re s n e a r L e a k e y T e x a s - 
B e a u t if u l - R o u g h R u g g e d • 
H eavily Wooded Deep Canyons • 
L o ts OI G a m e . $3oo.oo O w n - 
Owner financed. E a s y Term s. A l­ so L a rg e r and S m a lle r A cre ag e 
A v a ila b le . Ph o n e 512 • 257 5369 
After 6.oo P.M . ond weekends 
B A N D E R A RO A D 
3.412 a c r e s n e a r H e lo te s w ith 
14x78 mobile home, 2 w ells, p a r­ tial old rock house 
H S R E A L T Y 
824-7417 
344-5633 

IO B E A U T I F U L A C R E S - w ith road, well, e lectricity and septic tank. IS m inutes N orth of 16o4. 
$35,5oo. 653-2883. 

IO b eautiful h ill c o u n try a c re s , 
$85o down p aym ent, $132.59 per month. O w ner w ill finance. Please call 734-9363 

3 Bedroom , 2 both, separate din­ ing on ' n acre with peach orchard, new carpet ond drapes. 635-8683 

5 IO ACRE RANCH 
S E , on Sulphur Springs Rd. Ideal retirem ent homesite for houses or m o b iles. Lo ts of tre e s, g a rd e n soil. O w n e r fin an ce d , w ith low down paym ent. 
JI M 
L E E R , 
684-3o44. 

5 ACRES AND UP 
Texas Veterans Land A voil 
34+6268 
923-5844 
695-3113 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. 

2o A cre s af $695 acre, off 281N, 
P r e tty oaks, e x ce lle n t hunting. 
Jim Ashley R e al Estate 68+4276 

BOERNE AREA 
C O N V E N IE N T TO tH tO , b ric k 
3-2-2 with separate 2 c a r garage for the hobbyist. All situated on acre lot outside city lim its. $49,8oo 

R A N C H S T Y L E R O C K , 4-2-2 with 
I la rg e liv in g a r e a on 4.4 oak 
; studded acre s with a view of the 
| surrounding hill country. $85,ooo 

L A R G E R O C K 3-2-2 w ith 19x2o gam eroom 
All located on 3 oak covered acres. $59,9oo. 

M O D E R N B R IC K 3-2 with sep ar­ ate dining room, on large fenced lot in city. $39,5oo. 

AMASON REALTY 

.18 a c re s betw een N a ta lia ana 
Devine. M an y Oaks. Eq u ity and take over paym ents. 699-o334. 

BOERNE AREA 
N E A R N E W L A K E 
; S A L E F O R C E L E T U S D O W . 
Now offered by builder, 2 luxury ity p e h o m e a t 
" n o w a y re- 
I placem ent cost. House open call 
I collect tor details and directions, i 249-2332, 249-2382, 735-3634 SA 

5 A c re s , B la n c o , Tx. N o dow n paym ent. $49.5o mo. Jim A shley 
Reolty 226-7774. 

59 A cres, B u lverd e A rea, 12 mi. 
Canyon Lake, good hunting, lots of tr e e s o n d h ills . 
N o im ­ provem ents. $1,15o. per acre. B y owner, 828-7233. 

BOERNE 
C o u n try horns on tw o b eautiful wooded a cre s . Tw o m ile s from d o w n to w n B o e r n e . T h is 4 b e ­ droom , 2 bath hom e h as m any extras including w ater softener, intercom , custom drapes in living and fam ily rooms. B a rn and tack room. Price d to sell in low 7o's. 
Boerne, Tx. 

2 ACRES close in with w ater, read y to build on, huge oak trees, horses ok. Call 
Benny 
M arine! 
497-3753 or 
82+o85o 

UM 
242 S. M ain 
I-249-2678 

IO A cre s, east of B la n co , sm a ll house, good top soil. Jim A shley 
Real Estate 684-4276. 
5 a c re s hill co u n try. Good rich soil. b eautiful view s, big trees. 
$425 down p oym ent $66 3o per mo. O w ner financed. Cali to see 
734-7964 

BREATHTAKING VIEW 
4 bedroom , 3 bath hom e perched 
;on a 5 a c re hilltop. O H H w y 46 near Boerne. Too m any extras to i lilt! $9o,ooo. Call for m ore Info. 
341-4491 
Nites 342-oo67, 826-4o12 
! G E O R G E F LO O D , R E A L T O R S 

IO A cres, 4o mi. from 41o N, flat with ced ar and oaks. Jim A shley 
Reel Estate 684-4276 

3.1 ACRES 
IO m in u tes fro m C an yo n D a m , 
$695 per acre. O wner will c a rry note. 
342-11o1. 
B IL L H U G H E S , 
B R O K E R 

5 ACRES 
N e a r S o m e rs e t, le ts of tr e e s , 
R .E .A . e le c tricity , A tascosa Co. 
Country living of its best. Cecil 
O rrick 
Don Smith B ro ker 
735-8ooo 

2 A C R E S N E A R S O M E R S E T 
G a r d e n s o il, b e a u tifu l t r e e s , owner financed, $5o down and low monthly. Jim Leer, 684-3o44._______ 
4 A C R E S NO D O W N . $31.99 mo 
La k e L B J , call 341-2oo3. 

5V* ACRES NORTH 
C o m m ercial; apt. com plex; high location; rock 3-3, well, pool 
828-o665 
227-o227 
344-734o 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

BULVERDE ROAD 
Approx 36 a cre s with 8oo ft. fron­ ta g e on C ib o lo C re e k . 8 a c r e s covered with trees, 26 acres cul­ tivated, fenced, excellent hunting, 
IS minutes from North S ta r M all. 
O w n e r c a r r y w ith 15% to 29% down at 8 % to 2o years. 341-72o1, nites 492-2967 or 341-8294. R E A L ­ 
TO R S. 
Ask for 
JO H N 
F L O U R N O Y . 
JOHH FLOURNOY IHC 
B y Owner- near Pleasanton. New 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, den with fire g la c e , fo r m a l liv in g ro o m , co vered patio, attach ed garage. 
A ll built-ins In k itch e n , fen ced back yard . Situated on 1.3 acres with beautiful oak trees. 
Call 
512-569-44o4 

Call us about our close-in ru ral properties. 2-8oo A cres 
Seitz £ Assoc, R ealto rs 82+2385 

5 A C R E S , 281 North, $6995, easy term s by owner. 534-8876. 

16o ACRES NM 
23 min. from 41o. on Scenic Loop 
Rd . B e au tifu l rolling T e x as hill country, native rock ram bler, 3-2, firep lace, pario-pool and all con­ veniences, including ca re ta k e r's h o u se. Id e a l lo c a tio n to r M e d 
School, U T SA . O w ner w ill S E L L 
A L L O T P A R T or T R A D E . 
824-371o 

$o A C R E S off San Pedro, Ran ch 
Rd. 
1163, 
All or part, 
Owner financed. 
34+4245, 828-66o3 
R O B E R T S R O H M E R R E A L T Y 

CANYON LAKE 
Custom b uilt hom e, c o rn e r lot, native stone, cedar. 3-2Vi-l, stone f ir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e llin g , p a n e le d w a lls . L a r g e c o v e re d deck and unobstructed lake view from all room s. W ork shop. R V port. 
M an y extras. 
B y owner 
I-$99-21o1______ ________________ 

Q U IT E CUL-D E-SA C 
W estwood Village, 3 bedroom , I' j both, with garage, fenced, corpet, appliances. Anyone can buy with 
NO Down Paym e n t! Call today! 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 
S P A C IO U S 2 S T O R Y 
Beautiful 5-2' j -2, 2 story in H e ri­ tage F a rm , 2o42 sq.ft., carpeted, firep lace, all ap p liances, form al livin g and d ining room s. M u ch 
M o rel 675-2152. 
RED CARPET 
__________ R E A L T O R S ____________ 
$2o T O T A L M O V E IN - 3 bedroom . 
I I bath, a ir, patio, only $2o,275! 
F irs t Pa y m e n t J U L Y ! 
222-9616TERRA R E A L T Y 2 4 H R S 

T R A N S F E R R E D - O W N E R 
A N X IO U S 
Super clean and beautiful carp e t­ ing 
The best 3-2-1 buy In town! ' 
P ic k u p e a u ity on low m o n th ly i paym ents. Sep arate den plus for- i m al living room, fully equipped kitchen 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

V A L L E Y-H I. 3 bedroom *, larg e fa m ily ro o m , c e n tr a l h e ct- o ir. d ouble c a r p o r t, ra n g e , re frig , m onthly p aym en ts $138, S’* int., j 
$26,ooo. C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 732 2918, 732-5355._________ 

94 a c re s (o r le ss) on H w y 281. 
N ew 3-2-2 house, 4 new b a rn s . 
Blanco O w ner 1-833-4953 a 64 A C R E S a 
2 rood front*, J good tanks, w a ­ terline in front of property. Vt m ile to FM-725 between N ew Braunfels and Seguin, Tx. O w ner c a rry with 
12% down. 
Santex Co , Realtors, 653-o46o 
S a cre s w aterfro n t on b eautiful sp rin g fed cre e k . P e c a n tre e s, w aln u t tre e s, oak, b eautiful hill c o u n tr y v ie w s . 
S675 d o w n paym ent. $1o5.29 per mo. O w ner financing availab le. 734-9598 

5 A C R E S , W o o d e d h o m e s ite . 
S ta g e c o a c h H ills , W a te r , e le c ­ tric ity , phone, $23,5oo. 342-1231. 
O R 828-54o6 Nights and weekends. 

CEINA GROVE ac, 3-2, den, firep lace 
828-o665 
73+1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T R Y E S T A T E 
1oo% b rick , 5 bedroom , 3 bath, fo rm a l livin g-d ining, 21x18 den with co m er fireplace and all the extras Including 2 tennis courts on nearly 7 acre s with additional IO acre s avail. Only $85,ooo. H u rry , 
F a ll J C. 
$32-3252 
N IT E S 337-4848 
C entury 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
17 acres close in, has w ater 
73+1766 
I2+o66S 
333-1163 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

GUADALUPE 
RIVER TRACTS 

Only a few left. 

W id e river • w h ile w oter ■ 

 near Bergheim . B etw een I 

 and 
2 acre s from 

$ 1 5 ,o o o 
5 % dow n. 
12 

 years lo p a y of 8 % simple 

 interest. A P R 8 % . 

HBG RIAL 
ESTATE 

733-13o9 or 497-3584 

SUBURBAN HOMES 

Hew custom butt I beme* in new sub-division. Al! masonry, 
Highly restricted area 
3 bedroom*, 2 complete both*, large powered living ore a, all electric kitchen with built-in range and dishwasher. Carpet­ ed thru-out, central air ond heat, double attached goroge. 

PRICED; $34,5oo 

HAVERIAH REAL ESTATE 
C o m e r H igh w a y 281 A 
G o o d w in St. 
P leasan to n , Texas 
T elep h o n e 

San Antonio: 626-2111 

Pleasanton 
569-2527 

569-2487 
569-2o28, 

N E A R P L E A S A N T O N 
B ig 3-2-den, huge fireplace, only 3 y e a r s o ld . On 5 tre e stu d d e d acre s B la ck to p road on 3 sides. 
Fence, cross-fenced. 
349-65o3, 
494 2o4o 

73? FARMS ANR M IC H E S 

 a N E A R S O M E R S E T a 
25 ocres plus larg e 2 story home, central heat and air, several out bundlers, inside I $o4. 627-3363 
RENFRO REALTY 

16o4 
N ear U T S A , M e d ical Center, etc., fine hom esite with w ater $55oo 
T r e e s , la r g e lu x u r y cu sto m homes all around you. A bargain 
H B G 
R e al 
Estate, 
342-1661 or 
6 7 9 - 7 1 5 o . _______________________ 

~ •NORTH 3’/3ACRES« 
Out San Pe d ro . IS min. Oaks, sail, view far m iles. P a v e d road Co op electric. $85oo, term *. B y owner. 
Bob 
Sm ith, 
B ro ker. 
498-2o93, 
494-4777. 

RESORT SITES 

HANDYMANS CABIN a few blocks from LBJ toke, only 5 miles west of 
Marble Foils 
2 bedrooms, large 

 family room, fireplace (locks some trim) REDUCED TO 
$11,9oo. 

CANYON SPRING RESORT Lakeview lot. Pool and park in area $ 2,5oo. 

4 9 4 - 7 6 5 1 A N Y T I M E 

P o s e u r 

•I a i rots — so r u e s or trust 

NO TRAILERS 
NO PIGS-NG GOATS! 
Beautiful building sites. Plenty of oaks, w a te r system , low taxes, 
I restricted residential and recrea- 
1 tionol are a. P a v e d streets rf 
494-3448, A N Y T IM E 

MEDINA LAKE 

I Conventionally located cottage 
Pebble Beach, 2 bedrooms, I block water ond pork. $16,ooo 

2. 
Cottoge, well, nice trees, 

$89,ooo 

3 
Beautiful lots with excellent 

 terms. 

PANCHITA THOMPSON 

LAKE MEDINA PROPERTIES 

LAKE HIUS 
751-2168 for appt. 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

NEW CUSTOM 
DESIGNED HOME 
On 1.3 ocres af land with large oak / tree*. 185o *g. It. of living area plus \ double attached goroge with electric door. large paneled family room with fireplace, oil electric kitchen with built-in range and dishwasher. 
3 bedrooms, 2 complete bath*, shag corpet thruout, centra! air and heat, located just west of Pleasanton city 
Hmits. On paved street, city woter, 

PRICED: *43,ooo 

HAVERIAH REAl ESTATE 
C o m e r H ig h w a y 281 & 
G o o d w in St. 
P leasan to n , Texos 
T elep h o n e 

San Antonio: 
626-2111 

Pleasanton 
569-2527 

569-2487 
569-2o28 

OAK MOSS MDTH 
Beautiful 5 a cre Homesite*, 5 min. from B la n co and 16o4, owner fin­ anced. custom building available 
497-3638 or 1-438-7167.______________ 

ONLY 3 LEFT! 
R E P O S - T a k e o v e r p aym en ts 
T h e ir lo s s is y o u r g a in ! 1972 prices. A d iace n t to Canyon Lake. 
Call M yro n L. M aples, broker. 
342-18o8 

ENCHANTING RETREAT 

7.5 acre — hilltop with a spec­ tacular 18o° view. Designed by owner-Archifect with impressive dimension & no sign of com­ promise in quality. Just minutes from Med. Center & Downtown. 

OVER 7 ACRES-HILLTOP 

Sophisticated 
Contemporary 

 with 5 bedrooms plus quarters. 
Master suite with library, 3 

 fireplaces, 2 basements. 
IOO 

D Hams tile deck (Sensational view). 824-3233, 822-5973. 822- 
91o3, 826-oo49. 

EXCLUSIVE AREA 
Guadalupe frontage and access to riv e r. 3 a re a s , sw im m ing, boat­ ing, fis h in g , fo r h o m e s ite * or weekends. Call N orm an 497-3753 

P e r m a n e n t C r e e k ! E a s y co m ­ m uting d istan ce but fa r enough for tra n q u ility. S m all num ber of cre e k fro n t tr a c ts out of la rg e ranch. T re e s, clean air, gam e and b ird s g a lo re . V e ry e asy te rm s! 
O w ner fin an ce . R an ch 535-4391; 
547-5o12 or S .A. 828-783o. 

PIPE CREEX 
2V» a cre s • $21oo. Repossession. 
M ak e up 5 b a ck p aym en ts and take o ver b alance. L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E , 342 1661 

BEAUTIFUL 
RIVERFRONT 
IOT in 

Chapparal 
Country 
Club orea. 

Trees, paved street Only S8,525. 

GOOD SELECTION OF 

O T H E R P R O P E R T IE S 
CH. WAHL 

1-379-5693, 1-379-571o 

771 W. Court St., Seguin, Tex. 

Gene Trost 1-557-5o54 

Earl Welch 655-218o 

I P L U S A C R E S 

N ear L a v e r n ia , 3 bedroom , I bath, fa m ily room , I single attach ed , 2 double detached garages. Central heat oir, all electric, welt. Good term s 
S A N T E X CO., R E A C T O R S 
653-o46o 

CANYON LAKE 
Just right for 
''D o n 't 
Fence M e In" folks! Lake facilities, boat ramps, stores and schools near­ 

 by. 
Panoramic views, many large 
O ak trees. 
Selling 3 o % below m ar­ ket value. Terms to suit. 
For appointment please 

 call. 

497-3571 o,1-899-2181 

R .M . G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E , T E X A S 
249-2678, 249-3545, 249-3546 
S e clu d e d 53 722 A c re s , 8.6 mi from K en d aila. Jim A shley R ealty 
226-7774 

S E E A D 'C O U N T R Y H O M E ANO 
I N C O M E " U N D E R B U S IN E S S 
O P P S ., C L A S S 5o1, S U N . M O N . 
T U E S . E X P R E S S - N E W S 
S O U T H : 2 'ia c r e s or m ore, all utilities, term s, 62+1544 
Sp arkling w a te r on Guadalupe 
5+ acre s, cvpress-pecan frees 
492-9436 H Castle R e alty 732-66o2 

•SPRING IS HERE® 
R E A L L Y ! enjo y it on two acres r iv e r fr o n t. P e c a n ond C yp re s s tr e e s , g a r d e n s o il a n d lu sh grasses rig h t down to the wide, clean and c le a r Guadalupe. Close in North. R o b ert Smith. 698-2o61, 
494-6777. 

MECINA-CANYQN LAKE 
Resid en tial lots, trees, util. 
828 o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

P E B B L E 8 E A C H - M E o IN A 
W aterfro n t home-2,ooo sq.ft. 
695-8811 W atson A Son 1-751-233o 

STARRY MOUNTAIN 
O w n e r m u s t s a c r if ic e o v e r 4 acres, one of the most breath tak­ ing view s in the Hill Country. See, and you wilt buy. M ust sell quick­ ly, Call M r. Wood, 497-3751, eves 
822-9355. 

P O R T A R A N S A S - I B lk fro m 
Beach. Tw o m obile hom e*. Com ­ p le te ly fu rn is h e d , c e n tra l a ir, w a s n e r - d r y e r an d T V . D ay- 
W eek-M onthly. Call 1-749-5922 or 
349-1512 Aft 6PM 

EXCLUSIVE ACRE 
G u a d a lu p e fro n ta g e , a c c e s s to 1 
R iv e r . S w im m in g , boating, and fis h in g . H o m e s ite or fo r w e e ­ kends. N orm an 49+3754. 
E X E C U T IV E HO M ESITES 
NORTH 
La rg e oak studded tracts, 8 miles north of to w n, b e a u tifu l v ie w s , p a v e d ro a d s , w a t e r and e le c . 
F irs t tim e ottered. Call 822-9355 

Take up p aym ents on % acre NW for hom e b u ild in g . W a te r, city utilities. M r. Fetter. 679-7229. 

2 to 4 a c r e s n o rth . M o b ile s , h o r s e s , ok . SSO d o w n , $35.85 monthly. IO ye ars. M agee 342-2516 

E X T R A L A R G E L O T 
O ld e r hom e in N e w B r a u n f e ls , 2 b e­ droom , I bath, n ice porch, tack room, fruit and pecan trees. Close to shopping and schools. $17,5oo. 

Family Realty 

F o r So le : A p p rox , 7oo acre s '* m ile fro m P le a s a n to n . O r w ill divide in 2 tra cts of 425 - 28o acres. ! 
B y O w n e r, te rm s , b u ye rs only 
Hom e; 
512-277-3487 or 
Office, 
512-277-5151, 

WOODED HOMESITE 
Alm ost 2 a cre s, fertile soil, large oaks, e x clu sive are a near UTSA- 
U S A A . W IN D W O O O E S T A T E S- h o m e s ite s a ls o a v a ila b le in 
T R A IL W O O D A N D F A IR O A K S 
KGN CO REAL ESTATE 

698-2445 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

AAA VALDE 

R E T R E A T 
W A T E R F R O N T 
A C R E A G E 
P r i v a t e l y o w n e d , s to c k e d , dam m ed, creek. 4o ml. from San 
A n to n io an d A u s tin in the h ill co u n try . L im ite d a c re a g e . F in ­ ancing avail, to qualified buyers. 
512-868-7438 

R IV E R F R O N T LO TS 
C Y P R E S S H O L L O W IN B A N ­ 
D E R A CO 
Beau tiful riv e rfro n t tots ranging in size from 3.5 to 2o acre s on the crystal cle a r Sabinal R ive r. Huge cyp ress and pecan frees line the banks of this beautiful river. Ideal for p e rm a n e n t or re s o rt hom e. 
Located on FM187, approx. 4 mi. n o rth of U t o p ia , T e x a s . C a ll 
Utopia (512) 966-34o7 w eekends; w eekd ays call Austin 345-587o. 
T Y N E S R E A L T Y 

 w 
Southeast n e ar C a ia v a re s Lake, nom e yo u r te rm s. W e w ill con­ sider ail otters. Asking *2975. L a ­ kep o rt, Inc. 927-7441. 

Hart to Find-1 Acre 
Well-built, spacious 3-1 i big cor port, larg e livin g room and den, fenced, fruit trees, city w ater, 2 wells, 2 septic tanks. $31,5oo. 

Van Bunn I Assoc 
68+7171 
73+o786 
699-oo66 

P r im e 
R i v e r f r o n t 
L o t on 
G u ad alu p e R iv e r n e ar Com fort, I 
Tx. P ric e d to Sell at $7ooo Lib eral j 
Term s. 512-257-4oo4, 512-257-7236 ' 

A Beautiful 

CANYON LAKE 
• H IL L S ID E L O T - B E A U T IF U L 
View 
$14oo E a s y Term s 
• L a rg e Lot - Trees-N ear Lake 
And boat ram p - E a s y Term s 

C o p t. E . J o n e s 

92 3 -6211 

Rockport, Jim W alter 2 bedroom home, see bay from home, I blk. fro m to w n . L a r g e L o t, zoned c o m m e r c ia l. $25,ooo u n fu r n . 
$27,ooo turn. 648-o631 

HELOTES 
6 A c r e * H ill T o p . N ic e T re e s , e le c tr ic ity , s e p tic tan k p e rm it, 
*2o,ooo with *3,ooo down, balance 
2o y e a rs a f 8' j % . F o r sale and financed bv owner. 
695-32o5; 
695-89o5. 

A B E A U T I F U L P A R K Of yo u r own at M ed ina Lake with nice homes. 
684-4211 
1-751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
5 a c re s h ill co u n try. Good rich soil, b e au tifu l v iew s, big trees, 
*425 dow n p aym e n t. $66.3o per mo. O w ner financed. Call to see 
73+7964 
_____ 

H E L O T E S S C E N IC L O O P A R E A 
• 2.o37 ocres, big oak trees, corner of Jo h n W a g n e r R d . and Mor- ningside D r A rter 5 344-ill I 

IO b e au tifu l hill co u n try acre s , 
$85o down p aym en t, $132.59 per month. O w ner will finance. Please call 734-9363 

H IG H ON A H IL L . 1.66 acres of b e a u ty an d b re e z e in H e lo te s 
Po rk Estates. 
333-4144 
Nites 333-6143 
C entury 21 
S O U T H E A S T R E A L T O R S 
H ill C o u n try A c re a g e i f A cre s 1 
N W of Boerne. Fan tastic view in , site ot new lake. 3 sides fenced, paved road. 
B y owner 
512-249-229o 

BEAUTIFUL LOT 
On h ig h e s t p o in t in L a k e w a y . 
M id w a y b e tw e e n L a k e w a y Inn and W orld of Tennis. N ear Tennis 
Court and golf course! O w ner has decided not to build and will sell. 
C all A u s tin 447-5862 on Sat. or between 8-12 Sunday. A vailab le to show lot 
Sunday afternoon. 
*18,75o.oo 
______________ 

H IL L C O U N T R Y 
Beautiful acre ag e near Band era. 
Open term s Good financing 
R A N C R E S T R E A L T Y 
433-6676 

HILL COUNTRY LIVING 
(5 m iles to U T S A ), I to 2 a cre tro c ts . C ity w a t e r an d p o w e r. 
T a k e B a n d e r a R d . to H elo tes, turn left on 156o (G A L M R D .), 
% m ile to sale* office. 
P IG O T T P R O P E R T IE S 
Sat-Sun 695-9163 
49+7871 A N Y T IM E 

B O E R N E 
ISO ft. w a te rfro n t on Red B lu ff 
Creek. 4 A cre s, $1o,ooo B O E R N E 
R A N C H R E A L T Y 22+7171_________ 

B Y O W N E R 
F O R S A L E O R L E A S E 
M E D N A L A K E 
14x65 2 bedroom tra ile r with a t­ tached 1ox3o panelled porch on % acre wooded lot. 
344-1o73; 
1-535-4413.____________________________ 

CANYON LAKE 
2 bedroom rustic cabin with fire­ p la c e , e x c e lle n t v ie w of L a k e . 
$18,ooo. A. Jo n es 497-3571. 

CHOICE SITES 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
36 various 

 size townhouse lots off Callaghan 
Road Excellent for investment or development protect 
. . . . ......... All for $93,6oo. 
WOODLAWN HULS - You con see forever . 2 gorgeous lots with o spectacular view of the city. A 
MUST SEtl 
• 
$54,5oo. 
HELOTES FARK 
I Vt ucres. Choice 

 building site, lovely corner, lots of trees, beautiful view. All utilities available 
$23,ooo. 
CASTIE HILLS TERRACE 
Fine cor­ ner lot off Honeysuckle A rare find in this are a 
$22,5oo. 
CASTLE HILLS - One of the few remaining lots on 
Shalimar. 

Beautiful tree covered $18,85o. 
HELOTES • Two gorgeous ocres of oaks Room to live, to brooch out. 
Prestige homes each side. 
. . . " ....................... $15,75o. 

STATE COACH HILLS * Enjoy ap­ prox 
1.6 acres of native cedar 

 and oak trees with scenic vista of hill country oreo. Perfect residen­ 

 tial buildina site 
* I M C ­ 
NEAR SOUTHWEST MEDICAL LEN 
TER off Babcock Rood. 3 resider. hoi sites, woiking distance to elementary school. 
$1o,5oo to $11,ooo. 

NORTH SAN ANTONIO HILLS, near 
Culebro and EM 16o4 One plus acres convenient to city. 
Stevenson ond Morsholl School 
Districts................... 
$1o,75o. 
LoCKHILL 
ESTATES. 
Grogeous trees 
North East schools 
Ex­ ceptionally good value $1o,5oo. 
SHERWOOD FORREST DRIVE - 3 residential lots 1oo x2oo each. 
All for 
..................... $ 9,ooo. 
oAKHAVEN 
HEIGHTS • choice homesite, nice level lot with good trees 
........... 
$ 6,5oo. 
MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES • 8uild your country home in the tree- filled heights of this area. Approx. 
V; acre 
............. $ 4,6oo. 
OAK VILLAGE NORTH. One acre lot. 
Water and electricity available ................. $ 4,5oo. 
342-3211 ANYTIME 

Y f o s o u r & k f i i m - 

REALTORS - 5o YEARS Of TRUST 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

M AJESTIC VIEW 
See for IO m iles from this 2 plus 
I h e a v ily tre e d a c r e s 
B e a u tifu l 
I building sites. 25 m inutes north of 
I 41o, on H w y 281. Att utilities. $75oo. 
: Nites 494-2191 
I M AJESTIC H ILLTO P LOT 
1 High on a w indy hill, panoram ic view , paved streets, 18 hole golf c o u r s e , b e a u tifu l c lu b , ca m p grounds- lovely La k e T ra v is and m arina. N ites 656-8218 
655-6848 
D A Y O R N IG H T 

Morton Soutltwest Realty 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y 
A ra n s a s P a s s o r P o rt A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 G ard in a 
732-1362 
W A T E R F R O N T C O T T A G E 
2 B R , 2 Both with HO feet on 4o’ deep N u e ce s R iv e r . Com p letely furnished. L a rg e lot with trees. IO m in . b oat rid e to L a k e C o rp u s 
C h r is t i; 4 m ile s fro m G e o rg e 
W est. O nly $17,5oo. G iles G ra d y 
Co. 3747 So 
A la m e d a C o rp u s 
C h r is ti, T X . P h (512)854-o2o6, nites 852-5286. 
W A T E R F R O N T C O T T A G E 
2 B R , 2 bath with 11o feet on 4o' deep N u e ce s R iv e r . Com pletely furnished. L a rg e lot with trees. IO m in. b oat rid e to L a k e C o rp u s 
C h r is t i; 4 m ile s fro m G e o rg e 
W est. O nly $17,5oo. G ile s G ra d y 
Co. 3747 So. A la m e d a , C o rp u s 
Christi, Tx. Ph(512) 8S+o2o6. nites 
852-5286 

3 .9 9 ACRIS 

In 
Sutherland 
Springe. 
All 

 wooded, big Live Oaks, Elm, and other trees, fenced, water wells in area (about 3o ft.) 
Only 

SS,35o, possible owner financing. 

31 ACRIS 

Stock form near 
Seguin on 

 pavement Woter well with elec­ tric pump ond pressure tonk. Cot­ tle pen, fenced, $38,75o. Owner financed. 

3 2 ACRES 

On pavement. Near Seguin, most­ ly in Coastal Bermuda, large stock tonk with fish. SI,OOO per acre. 

7 5 ACRIS 

With beautiful bldg, site on a hill. 
Over half in coastal. Stock tank, good fences. ONLY S69o an acre. 
Owner financed. 

2 4 1 ACRES 

About 
IOO acres in coastal, 

 another IOO acres in good field, 3 stock tanks with fish, large hay barn, good fences. Excellent buy for $55o per acre. Owner finan­ ced 

GOOD S E L E C T IO N O F 
O T H E R P R O P E R T IE S 
CH . WAHL 

1-379-5693, 1-379-571o 

771 W. Court St., Seguin, lex. 

Gene Trost I -5S7-5o54 

Earl Welch 655-218o 

INVEST • INCOME 
• RETIRE • 

* 555 ACRES set in hill country . 

 ranch west of Son Morcos, paved* * rood 
2 main creek valleys/' 

 natural wooded, about Vt openj native gross ronch, good soil. smoll p!one landing orea, old ranch home, rock fence, pens, small born good well, excellent deer area. See at S/7S on acre. 

* 466 ACRIS unimproved ran- chland SE of Sequin, FM paved road Well located and shaped for ronchette investment potential 
Scenic hills and valleys. Excellent deer orea. Shallow Carrizo woter sand. Just S5So per acre. Easy 

 terms 
* 4o2 ACRIS high improved if-.. ligated working ronch. NE Wilson 
Co. 325 ocres Coastal Bermuda. 7o acres in field IO pastures. Good pens, large hay barn. Modern bunkhouse 
2oo or more cow 

 units, Just S675 per acre or firm offer. 

* IS I ACRES stock form neor 
Falls City — Karnes Co. Groveh road, SO ocres good coastal, rest wooded, native grass. Good tonk ond well. Dove, quail and turkey. 
Barnes ond pens. 
Spacious 

 modern 3-2-1, Cent. A A H home. 
Oil potent area Bargain, $65o per acre, Owner terms. 

* 114 ACRES on the edge of 
Seguin front Hwy. 9o. Flowing stream ond spring. Port bottom land with SO grafted pecon trees. 
85 ocres in field. Good 2 bedroom form home. Several horns, pens, etc. All SI SOO per acre or deal. 

* 75 ACRES ranch NE of Seguin. 
Gravel rood. Mostly coastal, scat­ tered trees, wooded hilltop for homesite. Creek, good tonk — waterline nearby. Bargain S69o per acre. 

* 42 ACRIS fertile ronchette. 
West of Gonzales Co. on Hwy. 8o. 
All field. 
Ideal investment or 

 truck farm. Nicely remodeled 2-1- 
I home, formal living, dining room — More! Just 553,5oo. 

* 41 ACRES ronchette Eost of 
Seguin 
Hwy 9o-A frontage. AH 

 level field. Spacious solid 9 room home, good well, old barn, feed shed ond old-style dairy born — 
MORE! All S225o per acre or firm offer. 

* 33 ACRE unimproved ron­ chette 
NE 
Wilson 
Co. 
Semi 

 secluded, end of county rood, VS native woods, rest field, native gross, surrounded by woods, 

 sandy loom soil, good deer area, shallow wafer, elsctriclty. Just 
S85o per acre. Owner terms. 

* 7 ACRI HANCHETTE, SE of 
Seguin, paved rood, waferline, spacious 
2-story 
3-2-2 home, 

 family room. Out-building. See of 
$6o,ooo. 

* 6Vj ACRES unimproved. SE of 
Seguin on EM 117. New perimeter fence, partially wooded, mesquite soil, deer and birds, good retreat. 
Only $875 per acre. 

* 2 ACRIS neor Seguin, off 
FM467, all field, fenced, oil 

 utilities, including natural gos ond septic system. 
Gravel 

 driveway, ideal gorden of 

 livestock. Only $7,5oo with 2 bedroom mobile home. 511,5oo. 

Membsr TERA Inc. 
See us fo r other listings 
All sizes and types 
Let s Talk It OVER! 

CARLOS BRAWNER REALTY 

379-5947 
Seguin, Texos 

5o1 E. Kingsbury, P.O. Box 1122 

COMPARE THESE 
5 1 o Acres, re g ca ttle show place, n e o r Luting. Big la k e , liv e o e k t, and pecans. In v e ttm e n t security fo r $ 1 ,2 5 o p e r ac. 
1 8 2 
Acres, 
M e d in a 
R iv e r p ro ­ p e rty , o n ly 
15 m in fro m 
S.A. 
H u g e oaks, ail m in erals. D e e r. 
W a y u n d er th e m a rk e t a t $ 1 ,3 o o ocre. 
6 4 o 4 Acres, w ith hills n e e r Big 
Bend 
P ark, house, 
2 w ells. 
S a m e . Easy term s, a t $ 6 o . p e r acre. 
5 8 3 
Acres, on th e San M arcos 
R iver. O ld rim e cotton P la n ta tio n , now n a tiv e p a s tu re . 
O w n e r fin an ced a f only $ 8 o o . acre. 
1 2 o Acres, u n im p ro ved on the canal close to Eagle Pass. S 2 6 S . per acre. 
27 1 
A cre* blacklan d fa rm on 
S an ta C lara C re e k , 7 m i. south of 
N e w B raunfels. H ouse, air strip, boss ta n k . 
A re a l v a lu e a 
$ 1 ,o o o p e r ac. 

W hat s a Tax free Exchange? 
ASK US 
DEVAULT & ASSOC. 
349-2677 
P ro p e rty M a rk e tin g -E x c h a n g e 

★ COUNTRY ESTATE ★ 

ISO year old, Germon Rock 

 home, completely remodeled, 

32oo sq. ft. 3ox4o living room, 

 bar, 2 fireplaces, swimming 

 pool. Situated on 1o6 acres 

 with 3 barns, stables, only 16 

 miles north SA. Excellent finan­ 

 cing with low down payment, 

 shown by appointment only to 

 qualified buyers. 

5 1 2 -8 8 5 -4 6 8 2 . 

A 29.29 A C R E T R A C T 
G a r n e r P a r k • L e a k e y A re a - h e avily wooded - good hunting • e lectricity availab le . $25o down, 
$111.49 month. Call Em o ry Jo nes 
734 4627 or 828 6244. 

BOERNE 
ROCK H O M E , 3 - 2 - 2 , a n tr e e - covered k n e lt, 
3 .8 # acres, m any special fe a tu re s . 
$ 7 9 ,9 o o . 
COUNTRY 
HOM ES. 
3 - 2 - 2 , w ith v ie w s , u n d er con­ struction, clo se-in . Reek and brick, fire p la c e s , on 4 an d S acre tracts. P rice $ 5 3 ,9 o o . 
LARGE ACREAGE, up to 3 2 o acres, in K e n d a ll and B an­ dera Co’s. $ 9 5 o a cre up. 
SMALL 
ACREAGE 
Tracts in 
M o untain Spring Farm s. 
.* 
HILL COUNTRY REALTY 

424 Main St., Boerne, TX 
(512) 249-2o31 Collect 

H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T Y 
424 M ain St. 
Boerne, Tx 
($12)249-2o31 Collect 

H O R S E S W E L C O M E 
On these otmost 4 A C R E S in Can yon V iew a t B lan co and Am m an* 
Road 
2 hom es, 2 green houses, barn, horse stall and god! shed plus slock lank 45o' w ell' B E A U ­ 
T IF U L P R O P E R T Y ! Lo vely oak tre e s . 1st h o m e is a b s o lu te ly 
"H O U S E A G A R D E N " decor. It's definitely a “ I can 't b elieve ifs only *55,ooo’’ property. S E E IT 
I TO D A Y. 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

Guy Chipman Co 

[ H U E B N E R R O . 3.491 A c r e s . 
I Clean, big trees, 4oo ft. front on 
IHuebner, 21o ft. east of O akland 
Rd. Beautiful tract. Call E v e Ar- mold 73+6585 or 227-81o5 
E.D. GOZA 

 j 
R E A L T O R « 2 2 7 - 8 1 o S 

IR S 
[In v e s tm e n t; R e a lity ; S p ace , it yours In the suburbs, fam ily room is 19x38, has a fireplace, ana bor and grill. 4 spacious bedroom s on 
>3’/ ia c r a to t. N e o r B e r g h e im . 
1 Price d to sell at $89,5oo. Call now to see the rest. 
824-2391 (Anytim e) 

C A N Y O N L A K 
E x c e lle n t lake view , 2 b ed room , 2 bath house. 
Also b eautiful wooded view lots. 
D avid M e ck ei, R e a lty 1-899-771 1 or 1-899-223o_________________________ 
CANYON LAKE 
M O B ILE LOT 
1o,ooo sq. ft. fantastic view. Pool, boot ra m p n e ar by. $14oo, $1oo down, 78 mo. af $21.43 A P R 8%. 
M E L M IL L E R 
226-2324 

WATERFRONT 
LAKE HOME 
B y O wner, Po int V enture on Loke 
J T r a v is , 2 s to ry , 5 b ed ro o m s, 3 baths, a ir and central heating, all 
! e le c tr ic k itc h e n , sa u n a , house 
; boat dock, m a rin a h yd ro hoysf, d o c k a n d f u r n it u r e o p tio n a l. 
|$119,ooo. 
512-474-1723 before 

23o-LOTS 

2 A C R E S 
! Choice building lot, high on hill in 
: U n iv e r s ity H ills. T e r r ific view . 
Coll owner 492-2467.________________ 
B U IL D E R S - D E V E L O P E R S 
3 acres, oaks. Ex clu sive suburb. 
[ 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

BOLVERDE ESTATES 
L a r g e t r e e c o v e r e d lot, m ag- ' n itic ie n t v ie w , p a v e d s tr e e ts , : lovely hom es on both sides. Elec- 
1 tricity and telephone. Horses p er­ mitted. P ric e d right 
658-3535 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 

A b eautiful seclud ed 56o a c re s ranch, south of K e rrv ille , creeks, springs, oaks, hunter's cabin, on­ ly $395 p er a cre , te rm s. R a n ch 
M ark et (512) 824-Q156.______________ 

5 AORdfinW HortiT"tslTirVosiT: term s by owner. 53+8876. 
12o A cres of brush in F rio County. 
Deer and iaveiina. $559 per acre.. 
33+2455 

OOO AC-LIVE OAK 
84o ac coastal, HO ac brush 
5oo ac, w ater, 5o mi. of SA 
828-o665 
736-1766 
648-o873 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
7o A C R E F A R M N E A R N E W 
B R A U N F E L S . O w ner financed 
177 A cre arm , near D evine. $6oo per acre. 29%down 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
8o a c r e h o rs e fa rm , m a n y im ­ provem ents. 5o m ites to San An- tonio. London M artin 494-6992 

42 a cre live oak hilts. Jo in s huge ranch, deer-turkey. S395 per acre. 
Lib e ral term s. 1-896-244o__________ 

251 A C R E S , All Cleared 
IOO AC.,im p ro ved ,La ve rn ia 
JO E V A JD O S ,Realto r 
____________ 1-512-78o-2225 

• 135 ACRES • 
All in coastal berm uda in W ilson j 
County. Fran tap e on Cholo. Call I 
M ichael Kaliski. 828-8995. 

RANCH MARKET 
65+42o6, 22+5114 

18.7 ACRES 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
A c ro s s fro m s w im m in g pool, 2 bed room , 2 bath, n e a r co u n try 
Club. $37,5oo. 1-899-2611 or 651-6844 
C entury 21 n o r r iT r e a l t y _________ 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
9 plus a cre s on waterfront. 5 be­ droom . 3 bath, firep lac e, sw im ­ ming pool. 
SI 25,ooo. 
651-6844 
899-2691 
C entury 21 n o r r i T r e a l t y 

D r 73 
A N D 
L A W Y E R 'S 
R E T R E A T 
33 to 3oo a cre s in T arp le y area. 
County g rad e d road, good hunt­ ing, lim ited bucks killed every year 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673-14o1 

R EA L T O R S - R o n d o lp h Ole 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly se clu d e d In W o o d law n 
H ills . B u ild now o r hold for in ­ vestm ent. T erm s availab le. 53,8oo to S6ooo. P a v e d streets. All utili­ ties. N ear Schools and shopping. 
N e a r B a n d e ra R d . ond B e n ru s 
Dr. F o r details call Louis Flores. 
732-2241. 
______________ 

2o A C R E S -B E A U T IF U L T R E E S 
IO mi. south of Loop 41o 
E a s y term s, low down 
<27-o227 
Watson A Son 
621-1262 
W/i ACRES 

315 C restview Balcones Hgls, IOO x 2oo. $12,ooo 1-833-4953____________ 

3 bedroom home, woodburnmg fireplace, well, big trees 
828-o665 
736-1766 
648-o873 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

E X E C U T IV E H O M E S IT E S 
Tw o v e ry a ttra ctive wooded lots a r e now a v a ila b le in G a r d e n 
Ridge. Convenient lo Son Antonio, 
I yet situated in Com al Co. Even- 
[ mgs, 655-9656. 
C entury 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T t 653-o55o 
L E O N V A L L E Y B L D G S IG H T S 
13o X 12o $6ooo 
Approx % a cre $13,ooo 
I C h o ic e h o m e s ite * n e a r M od 
Center, U SA A , U T SA . Callus and 
[ then call your builder! 681-o66o. 

5o acres bluff creek ranch. $495 per ocre, great hunting, we will finance 2o ye a rs at 7 % % sim ple interest, with 5% down paym ent 
Coll for appointment. 734-9363 

Sm all cabin on this wooded tr a c t.! 
Completely fenced. Good sp rin g s.' 
G o od p o te n tia l to b u ild la k e .! 
$22,5oo.oo total price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY I 
Clift Lew is, R ealto r 
B oerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 22+7171 
[ IO A C RES-W est Of 16o4 Ex cellen t soli. 15 y r. o w n e r fin a n ce . C a ll 
! 349-2611. eve. 341-1855 

2o3 A cres, W ilson Co., near Poth, i all in native brush, e orth em tank, good h u n tin g . SSoo p e r a c r e . 
Keoughan A Y o rk R e a l E s ta te , 
SOS N. A u s tin S t., S e g u in , Tx . 
78155. 1-379-79o1 or 1-557-6173 
>481 A C R E S - with (M IO frontage. 
I Located N orth of Leon Sp rings. 
H e a v ily w o o d e d . 
E x c e lle n t j developement property. 227-1333 
Beanie Owens 
Realtors-Form A Ronch 
856 AC W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
Deep b lack soil, 6,6oo ft. Cibolo 
R iv e r frontage, sandy loam w ith , peanut allotment. Coastal. D iv e r­ s ific a tio n In d a ir y , c a ttle , too a c r e s 
Ir r ig a t e d c r o p la n d ! 
F e n c e d , cro ss- fe n ce d . 4 w e lls , ! tanks, 4 houses, ow ner financed. I 
349-65o3, 49+2o4o 

Vacation hom esite n e ar Le a k e y , i 
Tx 1st tim e otie re d . 3.32 a c re s . 
$2oo down $4o.6o per mo. M obiles ; welcom e, 
512-257-4oo4; ' 
512-257-7236. 

5oo Acres, Castroville area, excel, hunting, owner financed, all-part. 
1-426-3441, 42-3578 

5oo Acres, C astroville area, excel, hunting, owner financed, all-part. 
I 426-3441, 426-3578 
1o7 a c re s east w ith house and born Good farm land. 661-517o 

 i 3oo A cres, Fred ericksb urg . M any trees, sm all spring and pond. $5oo per a cre with term s. Je r r y Reed, 
Broker. 13o6 Nueces, Austin T X . 
1-47+7143! 1-327-3123. 

RED CARPET 

; F o r sale or trade, by owner, w a­ te r f r o n t 
C a n y o n 
L a k e 
L o t. 
65+8883 ofter Spm._________________ 

Country living at it's best, 12 min- utes to Loop 41o, all b rick, 3 be­ d ro o m , 2 b a th , 2ox1o g a rd e n room , fire p la c e , out b u ild in g s 
O ver 3 acres. Cross fenced. E a s y term s $45,ooo total w ill trade. 
B O B D e P A O LO 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

All brick 2-1 home on 2 large lots. 
Built-in cab in e ts, va n itie s . T ile house, 2ox3o g ara g e , la rg e g a r ­ den p la n te d 
F r u it ond p e c a n frees. Chain link fence. 1-762-331*. 
A L M O S T 2 A C R E S with popular 
Northside Restaurant. 3 dwellings and a garage apt fronting 2oo ft. on H uebner Rd. Call E v e Arnold 
73+6585 or 227-81o5 

E.D. GOZA 
REALTOR®227*81o5 

E A S Y E A S Y T E R M S 
Com al County, 4.11 scenic acres, near 281 and 46. $13,2oo 

Family Realty 
752-8111 
" 

ENERGY CRISIS? 
B e fiercely independent. 4-2-2, all b r ic k , w e ll in s u la te d w ith f ir e ­ place, own well, propane heal. On 
I 3 fen ced ocres, m an y tre e s. IS m inutes N orth of M a lls . $55,ooo. 
! Call Jim H anley, B ro ke r. 

R E A L T O R S - A u s tln H w y Ole 
K e rrv ille 1* B eau tiful trill Country. 
19.5 A cres. $895 per a c re for de­ t a ils c o n ta c t L .D . K e n n e d y , 
512-257-87o2, K e rrv ille , Tx 

Fort C lark Springs M em bership 
I Call 822-3*41 

H O R S E S H O E 
B A Y 
G O L F i C O U R S E L O T , S a c r if ic e ! C a ll collect 214-363-7618. 
_ 

1 
L A K E H IL L S 
House, 7 lots, shade, utilities, I mi. from lake 
69+8911 W atson A Son 1-751-233o 

 i La k e h ills hom e larg e lot, ooks, 
$1o,ooo. En q e lk e R lty 1-751-3175 
L A K E L B J Le a se , short or lone term . U ltra lakefront home. 2 elec lifts. Golf, tennis, pool. 1-598-2743, 
1-25+69o4 
__________ _ 

L A N D IN H IL L C O U N T R Y 
W ild gam e in rolling vailev 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1161 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 

L A R G E B U IL D IN G S IT E 
I mile north from Loop 14o4 N.W. d e sired lo catio n , deep soil and wooded are a. W ate r, e lectricity, and phone Paym e n ts of $54.34 o f 
7% sim p le in te re s t a tte r sm all down pmt. Le s F elle r, 679-7229. 

LITTIE BIANCO RIVER 
5+ A cre s, out of the ran ch con­ ta in in g th e h e a d w a te r s of the 
" L IT T L E B L A N C O ” . *3,875, 1o%, 
2o y e a r * to p a y a t 8 % . B I L L 
H U G H E S , B R O K E R . 822-1234,. 

LYTLE 

497 3421 
R E A L T O R S 1+438 7442 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX P B IS S A N D N IW S _________ 

' A lm ost A n A c re ! $9oo w ith only 
$1oo down, $36.18 per menth for 24 month* a t » % A P R . L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 342-1*61.___________ 

I L A K E L B J , 75' w a te rfro n t lot, 
Sunrise B e a c h Village. 824-4658. 
LAKEWAY^ BEST! 
: L a k e w a y lak efront, targe lot on b e a u tifu l L a k e T r a v is . M a n y larg e tre e s in a re a ol beautiful homes. Ex cep tional value! 165 ft. on the w a te r, o v e r 2oo ft deep. 
F a c e s e a s t on sh e lte re d co ve. 
$19,5oo. Fan ta stic view i 
Ph illip s L a k e w a y Properties 
M r. Rose 512-261-5456 

MEDINA LAKE 
N ice w aterfront home, Approx ' > acre , double garage, workshop, guest house, sum m er house. A c­ com od ate 2 fam ilie s. E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . S u p e rb la n d s c a p e , 
I fe n ce d . P r iv a t e dock. $49,5oo. 
Cosh or term s. Owner. 1-751-2546 
M edina La k e W ater Fronts 
' 694-6211 Pio n eer Reolty 1-751-9943 

! LO T F O R S A L E , G ard e n Ridge, co rn er lot. *1o,5oo. 
R O S SI R E A L T Y __________ 494-7781 

LOTS OF LOTS AND LAND 
4 a c r e s w ith v ie w , I to 3 a c r e h o m e s ite s in N O R T H W O O D 
I H IL L S . Residential lots In T H O U ­ 
S A N D O A K S B ig lots in H O L ­ 
L Y W O O D P A R K , U n it IO. 2'/» a cre s in S T A G E CO ACH H IL L S . 
B u y now, build later. 
349-1436 Anytime 
BASSE-WEILBACHER 
IN C, R E A L T O R S _________ 
4o27 M ID V A L E , 2Vj blocks O A K 
M IL L S C O U N T R Y C L U B , *17,9oo 
732-7987S T E V E MARTIN735-o82S 
! 4127 M T . L A U R E L D R in M I 
I L a u re l Sub. off IH IO W est and 
W urzbach. 72x12o It., paved alley. 
*11,5oo. T e rm !. 696-44o5, Mon-Fri p i 341-S646 doily 8am-1opm 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
High sloping building site in area of fin e hom es. 145 ft fro n tag e , 
! covered with trees. 824-3233 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L , R E A L T O R 

IOO acres hunting country, $129.5o per acre, 5% down paym ent, 7 % % s im p le in t e r e s t w ith 2o y e a r term s. 
Call tor inform ation 
734-79*4 
14 acres hunting country, big deer and turkey, excellent hunting, on fen ce lin e of la rg e ra n c h . $49o down paym ent. $75.84 per month. 
O w ner financed, call for inform a­ tion. 734-7964 

W O O D C R E E K . P r iv a te re sid e n ­ tia l lot on a cul-de-sac. W a te r, e l e c t r i c i t y a n d te le p h o n e to p r o p e r ty lin e 
P o p u la r r e t o r t a re a, O lym pic-si ie pool, 2 ch am ­ pionship golf courses, lighted ten­ nis courts and hors+ back riding availab le. Call 653-4364 Anytim e 
REB CARPET 
FOB FAST B ESU IT * 
PLACE TO U B W A N T AO 
IN THE E X P R ESS N E W S 
C A II 22S-1666 
_____ 

• 161 A C R E S • 
IOO in field, 2V] a cre s lake, 6 m iles east of San Antonio. W ater, elec­ tricity, and phone availab le. $85o p e r a c r e , w ill d iv id e . C r o s s fenced, owner. 492-1549, 92+5174. 

6 acres irrigated farm . Goad soil, n e a r h ig h w a y in T e x a s H ill 
C ountry. W e w ill d rill w ell. $45o down paym ent, $78.2o per menth. 
C all 73+9598 
25 A C R E S K E R R V I L L E . Rolling h ills , huge tim b e r. S c e n ic w et w eather creek, spring. 896-2448, 
257-7823. 896-1o18. 
14oo A C R E S , LaSalle C ounty^ southeast of C o tulla, knee-high b u ffle g r a s s , s w a r m in g w ith game, 3 acre take, $295 per acre. 
T erm s 
S U N C O R E A L T Y , Tom 
Vaught, (512)643-3921. Nites ($12) 
36+32o1._____________________________ 

19 acres, I m ile east of IH35 at 
N atalia, $1o9* per acre, fenced, well. Texas Vet. 492-2524 

A T L A S T 
124o A cre fen ced , u n im p ro ve d , re m o te , s c e n ic p a s tu r e , good hunting, fish Peco s R iv e r, $112.5o p e r a c re w ith 2 5% d o w n, H e n ry 
M ild , P a n d a le , 512-291-3113, or 
David 
D. 
D avis, 
Austin, 
512-472-3443, 

B A N D E R A 
7,1 acres with big oak trees ond beautiful v ie w an bub b ling p e r­ m anent stream . B u y with nothing down or term s to fit yo ur budget. 
P I P E C R E E K R E A L T Y 695 3242 

B A N D E R A - 12 m l. south- 18o 
A c re s , le ts of o a k s , e x c e lle n t h u n tin g w ith a c c e s s to L a k e 
Medina. $495 per acre, 1o% d o w n ,, financing a v a ila b le . C all ow ner, nites (512) 317-7386. 
B O E R N E 
4 Bedroom , 2 bath. Ail native rock hom e on ap p rox . 7 a c re s . T h is place has it a ll! View , good grass to r livestock, irrig a te d g a rd e n s and seasonal creek. 

CUN Lew is, R ealto r 
Boerne 512-537-4S34 

One halt a c r e tr a c t w ith m a n y trees. Good budding spot. S35oo.oo total price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lew is, Re alto r 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S A. 22+7171 

AHERNE 

1o6 A C R E S 
2 miles Karnes City. Sm all house, w ater well on paved road. V» m in­ eral rights. O w ner financed. 
34+4245, 128-66o3 
R O B E R T S - R O H M E R R E A L T Y 

28' i A C R E S near 281 and 46 75% fe rtile soil. M a n y tre e s . B a r n , w e ll old house n eed s r e p a ir s . 
O wner anxious. M ake offer. 
49+5221 
A nytim e 
RED CARPET 

T h is lo v e ly 2 b e d ro o m m o b ile home is all set up in a retirem ent p a rk w ith p r iv a c y fro m o th e r homes. There Is a la rg e overed , patio, carp o rt, sto rage building and landscaping. The carp e l and w ashing m achine a re less than one year old. Boerne is a nice size town for shopping and enjoying life. Call us. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lew is, R ealto r 
B oerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 22+7171 
B Y O W N E R : i i acre s wlta flow- ing cre e k n e a r C h a c o n L a k e . 
O ld e r hom e, a lt c it y u tilit ie s . 
$22,ooo with $2ooo down. $34-oo56 

THI ACTION N U M t lt 
FOB FAST R IS H I TS 
FHACI T O U B W A N T AO 
IN THI IX P B IS S N IW S 
C A II 3 2 $ .1 6 6 6 

 ne****#-# 
EXPRESS - NEWS BOWffi ADS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. r n r n 

L IN E S 

I 
O 
D 
A 
Y 
S r n 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITH O U T 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 4 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 

232 - FARMS AWD RAUCHES 

CANYON LAKE 
Two 5 ocre tracts have a total of 
125o' rood fron tage on FM 2673 between S ta rk z v ille and S a ttle r and includes most of one side of m o u n ta in . S k y lin e A c re W a te r 
System and e le ctricity is a v a ila ­ ble. This is two tra c ts and both have e x c e lle n t b u ild in g s ite s , v ie w s a n d g o o d s o il. P ric e d 
$295o.oo per acre. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C liff Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 224-7171 

232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

Mason orea, 32o acres, on paved hw y. G ood h u n tin g w a te r and grass. By owner, 492-2719._______ 
MC M U LLE N COUNTY 
15-45-oo Acres, 6 m iles west T il­ den Mesa brush land. B eautiful view. D eer, Ja va lin a , Quail and dove . S h e ll o il a c tiv ite s . C a ll 
512-274-3279 or 512-274-3291 

236 • COMMERCIAL 
PROPERTY 

SALE 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Castroville area- 25-5o-1oo aes. 2 good houses, w ater, good hunting. 
Owner 1-426-3578, 426-3441________ 
CROCKETT COUNTY 
11,78o A c re s - 
E X C E L L E N T 
R A N C H Va m in e ra ls $19o p e r a c re -e x c e lle n t fin a n c in g to qualified buyer-principals only 
JAMES F. HAYES AND CO. 
(8o6)874-2361 

DEEP IN THE HEART 

This ronch has the beauty of an E A R L Y T E X A S H O M E w ith G A L L E R IE S , STO N E 
W A L L S , sh a ke ro o f. H o w ­ e ve r, it is the lo s t w o rd in 
M O D E R N . W o n d e rfu l k i t ­ chen, w e ll-lighted tile baths, central heat and a ir, HUGE 
FIR E PLAC ES . The 94 acres has G U E S T H O U S E , deep 
F R E S H 
W A T E R 
L A K E , p ro fe s s io n a l 
T E N N IS 
COURT, good pa stu re land, anim a l sheds. See this L U X ­ 
URIOUS 
G EM of the hill country 
HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
PO . Box 58o, 
Boerne, Tx, 
78oo6 
<512) 249-2116 or 537-44o7 

 l 2 5 S l i W N 
On this beautiful 39o Acres Stock 
Farm in D im m itt County. One of the best ra n ch e s in th is a re a . 
L a rg e 3 be d ro o m b ric k hom e. 
Excellent w o rking pens and co r­ ra ls . L o ts o f g ra s s a n d g o o d - hunting. e a rrin g capa city 8o an­ im a l unifs.Contact: 
RAYMOND BAYLOR 
REAL ESTATE 
1 876 5658 

EDWARDS RANCH R E A LT Y 
Buy your land fro m the natives 
PIPE CR EEK, TX. 695-848o ' 

EXCELLENT BUY 
■ T his hom e is in a n ice p a rt of 
Boerne and p ric e d to sell. This 
I lovely hom e has 3 b ed roo m s, 2 j baths, double garage and senor- j ate den w ith fire p la c e . A la rg e patio and studio w ith this hom e on , j 1>2 lots w ith chain lin k fence. A good storage house in back yard. 
, Priced $39,ooo.oo. 
6oERNE RANCK REALTY 
C liff Lewis, R ealtor 
Boerne 249-2o61 
S.A. 224-7171 

M E D IN A COUNTY - 25o ACRES south of Bandera. Secluded with good access, e x c e lle n t h u n tin g ro n c h a n d w e e k e n d r e tr e a t. 
P rivate road easement to Medina 
L a k e . F le x ib le te rm s . V E S T - 
LAND 
(512) 
854-1o15 
GARY 
ROBERTS. 
M ED IN A COUNTY, 129 Acres, 65 form , balance pasture, deer, sub­ stantial down paym ent, ow ner w ill fin a n ce . C o n ta ct E lo is e P e te r, 
349-5151 696-o453. 
NEAR P IP E CR EEK 
2o a c re s H ill C o u n try . Oak covered, good soil, old w indm ill. 
Perfect hom esite w ith view. Jim 
Taylor 824-4898 
NEAR P IPE C R EE K TX. 
8 A c re s on p e rm a n e n t c re e k , woods, v ie w s . B ig p e rm a n e n t spring. 
P riva te. 
Jim 
Taylor 
824-4898. 
NEAR POTH 
ISO acres plus good house, coastal and pasture, public w ater, 2 stock ponds A Steal at $55o per acre. 
622-3363. 
RENFRO REALTY 
New Braunfels Homes-Acreaqe 
Scheel & Assoc. Realty 
395 Landa, New B raunfels 
625-8o78 or S.A. 6S8-1477 

Form and Ranch Listings Wanted 
E.D.GOZA, REALTO R 
618 M cCullough, 78215 
227-81o5 or 826-5618. 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty 
M ore than H alf C entury Service 
REQUA REALTY CO 
Realtors 
51o8 Broadway 
824-45o7 

STOCKDALE 
12o Acres 3-2Vj, fa ir ranch house. 
Bam , Corrals, good well. Some 35 acres in field. $9o,ooo for sale and financed by ow ner. 
695-32o5; 
695-89o5. 

FLYING R RANCH 

21 to 38 A c re h ill c o u n try tracts. Just 15 m inutes north 
Loop 16o4 on 281 Hwy. Paved roads, restrictions, financing. 
Starting at $16oo p er acre. 

F LY IN G R R E A LT Y 
1-438-7429 
Eve. 1-899-2793 

FOR SALE 
32o acres Zavala C ounty ranch, w ith 2934 sa ft home. C a rrizo ir ­ rigation w ell. 4 stock tanks, w ind­ m ill and pressure pum p fo r cattle, weater. Sale includes 75 head An­ gus ca ttle . B a rg a in a t $7oo p er ocre. 
Waltce 
Cook 
344-2341, 
S32-9292 
BOB JONES REALTOR S 
F o r Sale: A p p ro x. 7oo a cre s ’ * m ile fro m P le a s a n to n . O r w ill divide in 2 tra cts of 425 - 28o acres. 
Bv O w ner, te rm s , b u y e rs only. 
Home, 
512-277-3487 or 
O ffice; 
512-277-5151. 
_____ 

SUTTON COUNTY 
2,o18 A cres, b o u n tifu l deer-$l75 per acre, P rin cipals only 
JAM ES F. HAYES AND CO. 
(8o6) 874-2361 

S.W.T. FARM AND RANCH 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
T h e re o re num erous ranches of 64o acres or larger in LA SA LLE AND W EBB 
COUNTY that we think are good investm ents. F o r specific in fo r­ m ation, call or w rite 
LE E R. PE TER S 
1-879-2759 
P.O. BOX 563, C otulla, Tx. 78o14 
TO BUY or S E LL C A LL 
69o-8563 
LYNDO N BROWN & ASSOCS 
UPPER S A B IN A L CANYON 
145 acres-creek-dense woods 
J.K. LE IG H TO N , REALTORS 
Vanderpool, 78885 
512-966-34oo 

FOR SALE 
N E A R D E V IN E , 157 A C R E S - paved rood, hom e, pecan trees, well, earthen tank, barn and pens. 
$12o,ooo - assumption. 
N E A R D IL L E Y - 8o A C R E S p a v e d ro a d , fe n c e d , p a r t in cultivation- 
$44,ooo- owner financed. 
INEZ ASHER 
1-965 7662 
D IL L E Y , TX 78o17 j 
G UAD ALU PE COUNTY RANGE 
LAND 
55 a c re s , g e n tly ro llin g sa n d y , loam pasture, native cover, w ater w e ll, c h o ic e of a c c e s s . 
J T 
SLUDER 344-2341 
BOB JONES, RE ALTO R 

Various size tra cts. 2-43o acres, SO m iles fro m city. C all Monday 
XorZekWa Realty 349-3151 

VIEWS-WATER 
95 acres, a ll or p a rt w ith access to and picturesque views of Canyon 
Lake. H e a v ily w ooded, pave d road frontage. O w ner financing. 
Ideal fo r group purchase. Inquire now. L a rry M acune, G A LE R E A L 
ESTATE, 
494-5239 or 
344-5761 nites. 
WE CAN S E LL YOUR 
R ANC H-FAR M OR HOME 
IN TH E H IL L COUNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A LT Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
249-2116 o r 249-3314 
What type Ranch do you want? 
RANCH M A R K E T 226-5184 
Rf. 3 Box 221, Son Antonio, 78218 

I 

HIGHLY IMPROVED 
9 acres scenic stock ranch near 
Jeguin and IH1o- A ll im p ro v e d grasses- good w e ll, 4 ta n k s -E x - fc e lle n t-la rg e b a rn , fe e d shed, w o rk s h o p , o u t b u ild in g b ld g *. 
R e nees. M o d e rn 3-2-2 ro n c h nome. M ore values. Ju st $1,5oo per ocre. 
CARLOS BRAW NER R E A LT Y 
379-5947 
SEGUIN, TE X . 
SOI E. K ingsbury P O Box 1122 

234-FARMS FOR RENT 

9 o 7 "™ T !T 5 rE ? ™ P ^a stu T e 7 a T ^ 
E xcellent fa c ility fo r cattle oper­ ation. Good fencing, w o rking pens w ith c o v e r, c ro s s -fe n c in g ond water, blacktop access. Located 
12 mi. north Loop 41o on Blanco 
Rd. $43oo per ye a r in advance. El. 
S how n by a p p t. o n ly . O ffic e 
826-6628, home 342-77o9 
_ 

Hill Country Ranch 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks. Good barns, corrals, fences. Lots of game. M ile of paved road frontage. Like new brick 3 br, 2 bath, fire­ place. 
$325 
PER 
ACRE. 
TERMS. 
Philip D. w ard & Assoc 
Houston (713) 626-3o71 

HILL COUNTRY RANCH 
654 acres near U topia, Tx. Live water, beautiful b rick borne, w ill sell all or part. O wner financing. 
C linton R ie b e r, O w n e r-B ro k e r. 
(512) 966 354) 
_ 

•fill c o u n try -K e rrv ille a re a . 25o jcres. P a rtly gam e proof fenced. 
W ould m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o tic jam e ranch. W ill stock and mon- age to r you. E xce lle nt w hite ta il le e r hu n tin g . $175,ooo. W ill fin ­ ance. 1-866-3471 
________ ______ 

H IL L 
COUNTRY 
N E A R 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom , 2 both, lodge, tennis c o u rt. On 25 a c re s o r m o re . 
$1oo,ooo. 1-866-3471 
_ 

236 - COMMERCE PROPERTY 
SALE 

I ACRE C A LLA G H AN RD 
GOOD P O T E N T IA L, I ACRE 
227-o227 Watson & Son 732-2635 
I>3 a cre m a in th o ro u g h fa re of railroad. Near new shop center. 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828-252) 

7.65 ACRES BANDERA 
Rd. fro n ta g e , zoned Bus. -apt. 
Great potential, priced right. 
341-4455 
REALTOR S 
433-1859 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

DACRES 
Flow ing A rtisa n w ell, SW, Ideal tra ile r p a rk . J E R R Y BA C O N , 
REALTORS 1-742-4251, 622-3323 

• 52 ACRES • 
F ro n ta g e on L oo p 4 !o and So. 
W W .W hite Rd. P e rfe c t fo r lite mfg. or shopping center 
SANTEX CO., REALTORS 
653-o46o 

6 >4 ACRES- K E L L Y D R IV E -IN 
T H E A T R E P ro p e rty . F rio C ity 
Rd. All fenced and clean. Good for re m o d e lin g d riv e -in th e a tre o r any oth e r c o m m e rc ia l venture. 
828-4452, 826-519o 

H U NT-TEXAS 
4o A cres G uadalupe riv e rfro n t. 
Charm ing 2-storv rock house w ith ail m odern conveniences. H ills, fie ld , w e ll, p a v e m e n t. 
BY 
O W N E R . K e r r v ille 896-244o, 
896-1o18, 257-7823. 
HWY 1518 • 7o acres, 3 m iles So. of 
Lone Oak, at Cooksey Rd. Stock to n k , s u rro u n d e d oak tre e s . 
Several good bldg sites. W ater, e lect., on p ro p e rty . 1o% dow n, owner financed. 227-1333 
Dearie Owens i f , 
R ealtors-Farin & Ranch 

IRRIGATION FARM 
’ 
'121 A cres B elgian G ard en, new 
* J fence, flow ing irrig . well. On Leon 
'■ ''C re e k. C o n s id e r s o m e tra d e . 
* 'M ig h t sell part. For sole and fin ­ anced bv owner. 
695-89o5; 
695-32o5.________________________ 

KERRVILLE AREA 
‘5,25 acres 8 m iles south of K e rr­ ville, Good Trees, build in g sites, electricity availab le, all w eather 
I road, m obiles allow ed. Not rough. 
O' By o w n e r. $1oo d o w n , $73.98 monthly. Oays call 1-512-896-2525. 
Nights call 
1-512-257-6411 or 
1-512-257-3oo1. 
____ _ 

A REAL VALUE! 
M O T E L . 1954 E . H o u s to n St. 
Owner w illin g to finance 
684-4211 o r 751-9943 
P IO N EER R E A LT Y 

COMMERCIAL LOT 
2.1 Acres, near Lackland on V ol­ ley Hi. D r. and Springvale. Jack 
Alter 342-4151_________________ _ 
Com m ercial lot, 88X15o between 
I H IO and F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd. 
735-273o otter 5pm. 
Corner, heavy tra ffic . House for conversion or good business sight, 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 828 2521 
C orner L a V e rn ia ond B urton, I block east of C om m ercial. I block of SW M ilit a r y D r 
$15,ooo. 
924-8116, 333 3429 
H Y ATT R E A L ESTATE 
D o ctor's o ffice bldg, 6ooo sq ft. 
Small down and assume. 
734-5434 C P.KOSUB 342 o343 

K E R R V IL L E -R O C K S P R IN G S 
, 
AR EA, 8,5oo acres, all or p a rt; 
—m in e ra ls , im p ro v e m e n ts , 
5-bedroom house; $25o.oo acre; term s 
• liAN D R ER S O N -FITZG ER ALD -G IA 
•prtNC 4545 Post Oak Place Drive, a .Houston, Tx 77o27 626-34oo. feVTT 

FOR S A LE OR L E A S E . 33,ooo sq.ft. b u ild in g , one -story, zoned c o m m e rc ia l, n e a r d o w n to w n , close to fre e w a y . In c lu d e s ap­ p ro x. 2 a c re s of la n d . L o ts of parking. A va ila ble im m ediately - 
ROHDE 
BUSINESS 
BROKERS 
696-5311 
_____________ _ 
FOR SALE OR TRADE 
By O w ner, new 1o,ooo sq.ft. o f­ fice warehouse. Laredo Hwy ond 
Southcross. 
Call 
M r. 
Taylor 
655-o833. 
______________ _ 

LEAKEY AREA 
2o9 Acres on County Road 
House 
■ Well- Barns • Pens Joins Large 
Ranch - Good H u nting - O w ner 
Financed. Good Term s - Coll 512 - 
257-5369, A lte r 6:oo P M ________ 
LOCKHART, TEXAS 
225 W O O DED A C R E S , 1% m i. 
. rood frontage, farm house. Good owner financing. 
1o9 AC RE S, b e a u tifu l w in d in g 
' 'cre e k, good soil, nice b u ild in g 
* *sile. 3 m i. fro m town E xce lle n t owner financing. 
22o ACRES, good creek bottom farm land 
ERNESTINE 
G A B R IE L, 
BROKER 
I 398 3763 
\ 
I 398 3362 
_ 7 rxpR tss a n d n I w s 

C O M M ERCIAL 
SITES 

4 5 ACRES HW, Zoned R-3 for apt. complex. Investor terms ond price. 

1 to 28 ACRES, strip center, office bldg., motel, etc. Ad|ocent to future 
INGRAM PARK REGIONAL SHOPPING 
MALL. Investor price and terms. 

RESIDENTIAL 
SITES 

2 DUPLEXES permitted on this lot. 
Inside 4IO, off Vance Jackson Rd. 
Established neighborhood 
Owner 
Corry 

WOODED Vt ocre on E Beverly Mae, good orea for Architects Builders who Build to Suit’ . Reduced to self. 

MacFarland-Phillips 
8 2 4 - 3 7 1 o 

P each O rc h a rd a n d e le c tr ic g re e n h o u s e , la rg e 3 y e a r old b ric k hom e, a ll on fe n c e d 3Vt acres. 
Sam 
Cam pbell, 
Broker 
656-7667 
PO TEET- 5o ACRES 
Irrig a tio n w ell, tank, shed, all m inerals intact. O wner ca rry 
227 o227 Watson & son 
628-1262 
— RANCH LA N D S— 
Land For A ll Purposes 
No. 7 Flintstone, 78213 
344-9936 
RIO M E D IN A - 464 acres, unim ­ proved la nd, e x c e lle n t h un ting, small tank hea vily wooded. 
227-1333 
Dearie Owens 
R eaitors-Farm & Ranch 
SM ALL RANCHES 
57 a cre s on p a ve d ro a d , good fences, p o rtio n c u ltiv a te d near 
MO. Also have 3o o r SO acres near 
Harper w ith excellent hunting and a bargain p rice fo r cash. Invest now coll E D W AR D R E A LT Y at 
Harper, 512-864-4411, res 864-4382 or 864-4o63 
SOUTH OF OeHANIS 
- 
226 acre ranch, SO acre field, M ilt of deer, turkey, and auial hunting, end of the road. Good term s ond m inerals. 

FR IO COUNTRY 
73o a cre co m b in a tio n fa rm and ranch. Hw y fro n ta g e . E xce lle n t m in e ra ls in hot m in e ra l a re a . 
O th e r lis tin g s a v a ila b le . E J 
■H appy" Schaw e R eal E state, 
2o34 E . M a in , 
U v a ld e , 
T x , 
512-278-697o, nites 278-3116 

GOOD LO CATIO N, to r office or business, b ric k ve n e e r 4 room building, con be used for both. 75' frontage on SW M ilita ry Dr. Call 
341-4666, nites 344-7o36 
Don BGuchelle 
& CO. INC. REALTORS MLS 
GOOD O P P O R T U N IT Y , H a rd ware and lum ber in M edina Lake area. Owner w ill finance. 
684-4211 PIO NEER R E ALTY 

Grayson a! 
Ft Sam Houston 
Approx 9,5oo sq.ft. Zoned 8 1 . All unities. Priced to sell or w ill build to suit. Call for details, Corl Bohn 
341-9191 
Savior Beatty Inc 

PL ACI TOUB WANT AD 
IN THI tXPRfSS NfWS 
CALL 725 1666 

DISTRIBUTION 

WAREHOUSE 

SPACE 
Prime location in San A n ­ tonio s finest industrial 
Park af the lowest m arket rates. Can handle up to 
5o,ooo square feet. For in ­ form ation call 
RICHARD 
HARRISON or 
H OPE 
ATHERM AN at the 
HENRY S. 
MILLER CO. 
AS 

REALTORS 

826-3251 

UVE OAK HILLS 
U nbelievably priced is this beau­ tifu l business lot on FM ISIS. 
NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 
Lots for sale; 2143 Bandera, 1318 
Bosse, 12519 Son Pedro, 734-5o41 
115 M c C a u le y . Va b lo c k o ft 
Pleasanton Rd. $1o,ooo. 924-8116, 
333-3429 
H Y ATT R E A L ESTATE 

N E E D P R IM E LOCATION? 
5 acres off P robandt and IH1o 
Zoning to meet buyer's needs 
Priced to sell, ow ner c a rry 
736-1766 
828-o665 
333-1163 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 

NORTHWOOD KILLS 
In ve stm e n t o p p o rtu n ity , 2 b u si­ ness lots on Bulverde Rd. 
NIBLOCK REALTY 653-1873 
Owner c a rry and consider otters, nearest $3o,ooo fo r zoned J com ­ m ercial business off San Pedro. 
Jim W agner 344-2341, 828-246o 
BOB JONES. REALTOR 

PLUMBING SHOP 
Qtrs, 3-2-3, inventory to be purchased separate, on Blanco 
828-o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 
R A IL SPUR R. 4'/« acre s zoned 
*1-2*. Next to K elly Field. $32,5oo. 
O w n e r fin a n c e , e a sy te rm s . 
828 4452, 826-519o. 
RO O SEV ELE T CORNER, Shop, office, home. Good sm all business location. No Agents. 533-o756. 
STORE B U ILD IN G 
1418-2o E. C o m m e rce in c lu d e s 
2-story home facing Idaho, $6ooo down. Jack A lte r 342-4151. 

36 UNIT MOTEL 
A M oney M a k e r w ith 2 b ik s of fro n ta a e on S. Z a rz a m o ra , a p ­ prox. 1.7o acres. P riced rig h t at less than $2 per sq. ft. Call for details. north loop inc. 
REALTORS-MLS 
828-5636 
6o x7o' Steel Bldg on Va Ac. 8 ft security fence. P arts room , 2 of­ fices, shop. $65,ooo firm 532-4151. 

ZONED " B T 
I ' a acre on busy P E R IN B E IT E L , 
Off 41 fa n ta s tic re ta il lo c a tio n . 
P ric e d rig h t, c a ll fo r d e ta ils , 
822-1552, A N Y TIM E 
NORTHEAST REALTY 

238-COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

N O W LEASING 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SPACE. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

6 9 o -o 3 o o 

GREAT A M E R IC A 

 r o M F W 
N I f H 

3'a ACRES. REAS O N ABLE ! ideal for many uses, close in, 5148 
Blanco Rd. 227-7857 
AN E X C E LLE N T LOCATION 
2327 Vance Jackson Rd. Available soon. Space fo r beauty shop, flo r­ ist or other. 1,ooo sq.ft. $275 mo. 
735-o961, 696-7777._______________ 
Austin Hwy Industrial P ark. 47o8 
Broom. 95o sq.ft. $25o per mo. 
653-916o 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 
A ll sizes to m eet any need. A ll areas of S.A. E rnest Soble Com ­ m ercial Prop. 349-3639. _________ 
A WAREHOUSE- LEASE 
N ear downtown, 3M + sa. ft. HR d is i s id in g . E a s y a c c e s s to freeway. Reasonable. 
341-4455 
REALTORS 
584-29o9 
LA U R E N E. B A RN EBE Y 
Corner business for rent, 1923 W. 
Commerce. 227-2832, 735-563o. 
E xtra clean office + storage bldg, large pkg lots, in shopping center, m ain arte ry, reasonable 494-3393. 
F o r Lease: B ric k W arehouse . 
44oo sa. ft., c o v e re d lo a d in g . 
Fenced, eosv in te rsta te access. 
223-2695 or 822-9523 
FOR LEASE: 15oo sq ft m echan­ ic a l shop o r w a re h o u s e w ith p a rk in g and fenced y a rd in M 
Zone. S3So mo. plus utilities. Carl- ton Hogelslein Jr. 223-6331.______ 
Lake LBJ. 75'x268' w a terfron t on 
Colorado, deep w ater, reta in in g wall, dock. Zoned m obile home 
$2o,ooo. 494-28o9 eves.___________ 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 
R E N T A L S 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 
4o1 - APARTMENTS FURM 
8.ooo sa. ft. new m asonry building fo r sale, near expressw ay, easy te rm s for strong buyer. 
9.ooo sq. tt„ M asonry building for lease, month to month or long term . 
4,5oo sq ft. for lease. 
PEACOCK, REALTORS, 824-o511 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U STR IA L LOTS Va A cre and up. Zoned 1-1; fu lly developed. 
V.I.P. Park. Eosv term s. 433-1489. 

I BABCOCK VILLA A P T M 
* 
3 o 1 9 Fredericksburg Road 
* 
( 

EFFICIENCIES, 
I , 
2, 
3 
B E D R O O M ! 
APTS. C onvenient living a t m o d e ra te ! prices ranging fro m $ 1 5 5 . to $ 3 6 5 
Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis C ou rts 
FURN. OR U N FU R N . RATES. 
248- OFFICE SPACE FOR LEASE 

PRESTIGIOUS O FFICE SPACE 
In grow ing N.W sector. Reasona­ ble rates. G reater S.A. B uiiers 
Assoc. 
8925 N.W. IH-1o. 696 38oo. 
I 

San A n to n io EXPRE S b -N tW S — Sunday A p ril 24 1 9 7 7 

4o4 APARTMENTS BNFURN 
. 
'4o4 - APARTMENTS UNFURN 4o4 - APARTMENTS ONFURIH 

I 

ATRIUM GARDEN OFFICES 
H a n d so m e g a rd e n o ffic e s fo r creative minds. Inform al, reason­ ably priced . C onvenient at 1938 
NE Loop 41o. Leasing. 826-3251. 
H enry S. M ille r Co. REALTORS. 

| 
7 3 6 - 3 3 2 2 
| 

TIME’S A’WASTIN’! 

B e n ic 

V i l l a g e 
; 
Lpartmenti V / 

I acarines in these spacious garden apartments won't last long because demand is 
■ 
■ for: 

M E D IC A L O FFICE SPACE 
W oodlawn M edical Center. 
RANCREST R E A LT Y 433-6676 

NORTHSIDE OFFICES 
L u x u rio u s , no lease re q u ire d . 
Open daily. Office 3-S1oo, S-S135; 
9-$ 14o; 
11-575. 
696-833o, nites 
341-2724. 
O ffice space fo r rent, $7o Need 
H ig h la n d B ank 
22o3 So h a c k ­ b e rry. Coll 532-4327 M r Black 
P rim e office space on new N orhf 
E xp re ssw a y neo r a irp o rt, re a ­ sonable rate, covered parking, alt conveniences. 344-3456 weekdays. 
Retail and Office Space, 1,2oo sa ft. 5521 S. Flores. 924 4349 
West Ave. office $7o. Ideal loca­ tion, plenty tra ffic 344-1688 
W ill design offices to suit tenant, am ple fre e p a rkin g , 46oo B ro a d ­ way. 828-2o2o, 824-6371. ____ 
Ss 

CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
1-2-3 BEDROOM 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party room, 5 Min. 
Windsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 
Miri. heart of downtown San Antonio. 

6 6 1 - 6 6 6 o 
(til iii ii,'). On Rittinidn 

16 Or ’ 

4 ,o LWAHIM tp 
* 'WINDSOt 

» 
Z 
TFAftK MAU 

* 7 2 HSCNHAUfR 

/ 
J 
♦ t a * * 
VILLA OI 

IX I M IS O S I* XKK XI \ | | . 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
El K.M SHEH OH 
I N U K N IS H E S 
P U M I T il.lT IK S 
P R IVA T E PA TIO S 
POOLS X PARTY ROOM 

IH.'SO K in lio n l ) r i \ c 
63.3-73oo 

4o4 APARTMENT*UNFURN 

QUAIL CREEK VILLAGE 
APARTMENTS 
$18o-UP 
2526 NE LOOP 41o 

Exit at Starcrest 
655-3921 

AVAILABLE 

CHOICE 

SELECTION 

BEAUTIFUL 

APARTMENTS 

LA ARBOLEDA 

2167 NE LOOP 41o 
Exit at Starcrest 

655-91o1 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Effk. to 3 bdrm Townhouse) with fireplaces. 12 Hoot pkms Mutt 4 family Areas 
6 6 2 3 Callaghan Rd. 
^ 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o t S J 

A U S T I N A R M S A P T S . 

233o AUSTIN H W Y 

I 
B E D R O O M , S I 5 5 

Utilities potd G I 

6 5 S - o 4 2 1 nous!*. 

252-SELL OR EXCHANGE 

HAVE CASH BUYERS o ld e r h o m e s, a p ts n e e d in g re p a irs. John B. Eccell, B ro ke r 
6o8 G unter Bldg 226-7o31 824 8o23 

256 -REAL ESTATE LOANS 

M A K E R .E . LO AN S 8% F irs t liens. Max 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8% with discount. 
A V. Rodriguez-Broker 222-o98o 

258 REAL ESTATE LOANS 
WANTED 

Get 1o% on your money. We need 
2 re a lty loans now. Pa-Co, 6459 
Old HWY 9o West, 673-2573 or 
533-9o98. 

3o2 MOBILE KOMES RENT 

N E AR K E L L Y AND LA C K LA N D 
2 bedroom, I bath. $135 -$14o mo. 
$65 security deposit. 
W ater furnished. 
2415 Castroville 433-2o64 

3o4 MOBILE HOME PARKS 

NEAR BAND ERA- 
45 acres H ill Country. Spring fed c re e k . 
H w y fro n ta g e . 
O ak covered, views. 
Jim 
T aylor 
824-4898 
Sisterdale to Luckenback 
1326 a c re H ill C o u n try R anch covers entire valley. N um erous sp rin g s and creeks. D eveloped in to one of the fin e s t and m ost scenic ranches of its kind. Ronch is in im m aculate condition and the hunting istrem endous A pptonly 
References required. Jim Taylor 
824-4898 

FURNISHED 

APARTM ENTS 

FR O M 

Weekly 

’ 1 5 2 . Monthly bedrooms 

N O LEASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO Pf JS 

WAR RYN HOUSE 
3222 N.W . Loop 4 1 o 
"b t intersection of Dewhurst ond access road 41o” 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

S O u m s p w v i l l a c-w x e x X T W lN T S 
* 

 b d 
• M ix e d D u n k Club 

I e n title -. 

• G y m u n d fl e e f x e rm e 

Classes 

• B e o u ty Sh o p 

• S o u n o W h irlpo o l 

• le n tils C o u rts 3 pools 

• fro s t fr e e rT tr ig e ro to r* 

• IO M in u te s to 

D o w n to w n 

4o32 E. Southcross 

4o1 - APARTMENTS FURN 

ADULTS ONLY 226-3547 
I B d rm A pt. $85, F u rn . R oom , 
Men only-$4o. A ll B ills od. 318 
Madison 

ADULTS SOUTHSIDE 
6 Locations convenient to Down­ to w n , M cC reless, B ro o ks A F B . 
E ffic ie n c ie s , I ond 2 B e dro om . 
F rom $125 mo. 533-948o, 533-o511, 
533-13oo 
APTS. FURNISHED 

$145. 
BAN D ERA and EVERS RO. 
HIDDEN MEADOW 
5959 WURZBACH 
684-3311 
APTS. FURNISHED 

$145. 
R ITTIM A N RD. AT IH35 
THE FAIRDALE 
66oo FAIRDALE 
_______ 656-1oo1_______ 
338 A rm y, attra ctive I bedroom, la rge livin g room , separate d in ­ ing, la rg e w a lk-in closets. Com ­ p le te p r iv a c y . I c a r g a ra g e . 
822-9766, 344-69o3. 
_________ 
A s t o r ia 
1o363 SAHARA 344-6191 
FU R N ISH ED UN FU RNISH ED 
S u n s h i n e 
342 E. SUNSHINE 734-4422 

 r n c m l 

 a p a r t m e n ts 
Leasing Daily 9-6; Sunday 
1-6 
1 Bedroom $1 SO 
2 Bedroom $ 2 2 o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All 
Utilities 
Paid. 
Large playgrounds, 
Basketball 
Goal, 
Shuffle board, lighted tennis court, 3 large swimming pools. 
Near Brooks A F B. State Hospital, 
Pecan Volley Golf Course. 
T r u ly t h e b e s t r e n t a l v a lu e in t o w n . 
2715 Lasses 
3 3 3 -5 3 3 9 

I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

$2 o 5 . to * 2 2 5 . 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living. All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bor-8- 
Que grills, icemakers, fire­ places ond beamed ceilings. 

Near N orth Star M all 

11888® 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 

R O O M M A T E needed to sh a re apartm ent. 344-1516. 
_______ 
ROOM 
M A TE 
W AN TED , 
Cal) 
696-o195 
M ature woman to share lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, b rick home w ith den. Home located n o rth sid e in 
Shenandoah by USAA and UTSA. 
Sharing a 3 bedroom a p a rtm e n t at the B oardw alk is easy on the wallet, just $11o each fo r 3 people. 
You can divide your tim e among the pool, club room , and laundry. 
We are also close to C entral P ark and W onderland. 
3536 West Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illin g w o te r Co 
SP AC IO U S. M o d e rn b r ic k , 3o2 i Brahon, $95 mo. 826-654) 

W W W * 

I H r 2 B e d r o o m 
Apts. 

FURN.a UNFURN. 

Fam ily & Adult Sections 

2 Pools & Playground 

R e n ta ls s ta r tin g a t 
$ 185 
In c lu d in g U t ilit ie s 

PAINTERS MILL 
5 2 o o BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

TALLYHO 

MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o3 NORTH PAN AM 
223-32)8 
_________ M ON .-FRI- 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
Covered w a lk-w a y fro m c o r to apl., la undry and m ailbox orea so you w o n 't get dre n ch e d , la rg e r room s so you w o n’! b a rk y o u r shins. 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
THE KINGSTON APTS. 
22o2 Vance Jackson F or TLO 
T ow n h o u se , lu x u rio u s , la rg e , dishw asher, pool, 1-2 bedroom s, utilities paid. 
5231 
Blanco. 
34) 4113. 
_ 

WHY SETTLE FOB LESS or over pay 
W ILSH IR E APTS. 
Block of Ft. Sam N o rth Gate 
826-9159, 826-1594 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8 5 3 5 GREENBRIER 
(Just off Broadway ond North loop 41o) 
(Clos* to Crown Tower Bldg.) 

• Adults Only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• Large I bedroom opts. 
• 2 Bedroom apts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party room 
• Laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid 
8 2 8 -4 2 o o 

L O V E L Y 

L A R G E 

B E D R O O M 

S1 8 o m o n th . 

H i g h R i d g e d 

Hillside Apartments 

5211 Fredericksburg 

341-8221 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOWNHOUSES 

FROM $ 1 8 5 

7 2 o o S PRESA 

5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 f i r 

A'partmcnl/)^ 
JE jM eeio r’ 
We’ll find yours, free. 

 a r m 7 o a ts a < o m e n THROUGHOUT TEXAS 
3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

DIRECT CORRESPONDENCE TO 
4421 N. M IH A L EXRWY. 
DALLAS. TIX. 7S2o4 

NORTHEAST 

« V ^ T e r n t » c e 

 p a r * t m 
« n t s 

COUNTRY LIVING 
CITY CONVENIENCE 

 low Rent *125 
Mo. Up 
SINGLE LEVEL 

 fURNISHfD-UNFURNISHED 

6 5 6 -2 1 1 6 
7 1 o 6 Glen Terrace 
Close to Randolph AFB 

■ • l l 
, 
* 
| 
T l i l l / d e 
Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 

Limited number of e ffi­ ciencies and 
I -bedroom opts. 
Furnished or 
Unfur­ nished. Now available. 

58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R TM E N T 
U nforgetable as its name 
1 BEDROO M, $16o 
2 BEDROOM, $215 
Have lust addea 2 new tennis courts. 
U TILITIES PAID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
TOWNHOUSE IN OAK H ILLS 
2 bedroom Va bath w ith 2 balcon- les. P rivate. 341-1262 
_ 
TV M O N ITO R E D SECU RITY 
G ARD EN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
G YM ANO SAUNAS 
1-2-3 BEDROOMS, 1-2 BATHS 
$18$. to $27$. BILLS PA ID 
PARK TOW NE APTS. 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A ROAD 
Between H illcre st ond Callaghan 
Two bedrooms, 2 ca r garage. $13o month. Coll: 226-8851 
V ILLA G E OAKS APTS 
1-2 Bedrooms, and Efticiences 
U T IL IT IE S PA ID 
BOU N New Braunfels 828-4242 
3o1-o9 TS W M agnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts fro m $1oo and u p ­ r e a r SAC, convenient shopping, bus lines Call 733-9857 
__ 

 l e e e e e o e e i m m u m m 
£ 
% 
J LA PLAZA* 
ADULT LIVING 

Ft w r DOOR BUS SFI VK £ 

.2-BEDROOM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PO. CLOSE TO 
'SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 
OFFICE 

T H E 

H A B I T A T 
3 8 1 5 WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

• 
3 4 1 - 4 6 2 1 
• 

Kl 

A t 327 W. Huisache. 3 rooms, AIR , 
$1oo. 822-o6oo or 735-4458_________ 

$98.5o Furnished I Bedroom Apt. 
AITA . ipiR T U FIiT !v-l!lliFliR IW 
A ir, 2 Blks K e lly. Call Any Day O r “ VT 
W y.,¥!!L“ P-g. 
N ight. 7 a m. - IO p.m . 922-o634 
$133 Furnished I Bedroom Apts, 
A ir, Call Any Day or Eves. 7:3o 
A M . ) P M . 333-1851. 

•A U S TIN HWY E F FIC IE N C IE S * 
B ills paid. S22-37wk. 824 )9o8 

F urnished o r U nfurnished, Near 
D o w n to w n , L u x u ry A p t, 2 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b a th . In q u ire 4o4 E. 
P ark, Apt 
I. o r 655-2852 after 
6:3oPM 

Austin Hwy- IH 35 N area. $85-$95. 
Furn or Unturn. I ond 2 bedroom cottages. Clean, auiet, p a rk lik e orea. Bills part od. No Children, no pets. 826-4o51 
_____________ 
I Bedroom, a ir heating. $115. Gas and w ater pd. 822-12o6__________ 
I Bedroom Duplex. Southeast. $9o 
W ater pd. No pets. 337-3666______ 
I Bedroom furn, I blk off Austin 
H w y. Heat, a ir, g o ro g e . new ly d e c o ra te d . E m p lo y e d c o u p le p re fe rre d . Special p rice to r ap- proved tenant. Col. Hix, 655 4264 
Couple desires co-ed to share 4 bedroom home. 655-43o5. 8-3pm 
D e lig htful, redecorated I bdrm , large apt. Central NW. Adults, no pets. $168 plus dep. Garage, w ater pd. 822 7212 
____________ 

F U R N U N F U R N : U tilitie s pd, shag , 2 pools, $185 UP. Pointers 
M ill 52oo Blanco. 349-2222________ 

INCREDIBLE! 
S P A C IO U S RO O M S ON F A IR ­ 
W A Y S O F P E C A N V A L L E Y 
GOLF 
COURSE. 
Pool, 
Club deluded. 
1 BEDROOM, FROM $184. 
2 BEDROOM, FROM $224. 
3 BEDROOM, FROM $239. 

PECAN VALLEY APTS 
345o E. SOUTHCROSS 
333-9o2o 

AAAAAA Home of yo u r own con be yours fo r as little as $2oo down and paym ents less than rent. No 
Credit? O K! 
J & J R E A LT Y 674-8883 Anytim e 
ALAM O HTS. I Bedroom $175. 2 
Bedroom $21o C e n tra l oir-heat. 
Bills pd. 824-737o 
___________ _ 

• I ■‘bedroom ’ '■ » 
• $ 17 o 
• All bills paid 

• N e a r U S A A , U T S A , , ,,* 

 vY' M e d . C e n t e r 
- 

• S a u n a s - P o o l 
6 9 o -o o o 1 

1 o 7 o 7 I H 
I O W E S T 

• T o k e W u t i b o c h Ex i t 

 s t a y o n a c c e s s 1 7 m i . 

B E A U T IF U L Tree House Apts in garden C om plex, nea r B ra cke n ­ rid g e Pk. T r in ity U and D ow n­ town. View of City. Pool. Laundry. 
M odern and c o m fo rta b le . M an­ age r, M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS 13)5 E. M u lb e rry, 826-1243 
2 B E D R O O M , I Va b a th , C astle 
H ills area, ce n tra l a lr-h e a t,fu lly carpeted. 698-2983.______________ 

• I -5-3 Bedrooms 
• Single ond Family 
Sections 
* Fireplaces 
♦ Tennis 

115 NW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Moll 

4o6 HOMES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

714 B A IL E Y , Southside. 4 room duplex, child welcome. 826-2233 
C arpeted I b d rm , no lease, has a ir Bills p a rt pd $1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o2-3) 
C om fy ond cle an, N E . c a rp o rt, a ir. bills pd $17o 
United, 73S-9121, fee (31o-3) 
D ellcrest carpeted mobile, plenty 
I of air. Now tost $12$ 
I 
United. 735-9121, fee (334^2) 
D e n ve r Hts. Cozy D u plex. A ir, fenced fo r kids. $11o 
United, 73S-9121, tee (338-3) 
E. M yrtle , I or 2 bedrooms, near 
SAC, T rin ity- 735-7136 
I Just storting? Highlands I bdrm , low dep $1oo 
I 
United. 735-9121. fee (315-3) 
M ost b ills bd in this H a rlo n d o le rental. Kids-pets OK $9o 
United, 735-9121, tee (341-2) 
NE brick 3-2-1, huge den, cent a ir, 
1 kids-pets OK $25o 
I 
United. 735-912), tee (3o2-1) 
[ S tudents!- P aneled I b d rm , low dep, all bills pd. $15o 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o8-3) 
S um m er Sub-Lease. F u rn is h e d house 3-2-2. M ay-August. 735-78)6 

CO NTESSA AP TS. I OR 2 BE 
DROOMS, b ills Pd, $2oo to $225. 
Close to N o rth s fa r and C e n tra l 
P a rk . No c h ild r e n o r p e ts . 
824-67o7; 824-47oo 
__________ 

146 f. AGARITA 
> in g room , bed roo m , kitc h e n 
C bath, a ir conditioned. Adults univ. $11o. 733-871o. 
825 E. C a rson . $1oo. B ills pd. 
Deposit paid later. 227-45o4 

11o4 E. Elmira 
Clean, 3 rooms, bills paid, bus. Ft. 
Sam, adults, no pets. $9o mos. 
226-2514. 
____________ _ 
•713 E. EUCLID* 
G arage apt, near town, 2 buses. 
E fticie nces, a ir, bus, shops $3o wk. $125 mo. up. Bills pd. Section 
8. 534-34o1, 434-9645 
__________ 
Efficiency furn apt. a ir, bills pd. near 
Brooks 
Gen 
Hospital. 
227-8491. 
343 E KINGS HWY Near T rin ity sp a c io u s g o ro g e a p t u p s ta irs com plete redecorated a ir la rg e closet orea single quiet w orking fem ale $1oo water pd 224-6646 am 
734-2734____________ 
_______ __ 
343 E KINGS HWY Near T rin ity a ir quiet 4 lovely rooms I beroom am ple storage garage couple no pets $135 w a le r pd a vo il M ay 9 
224-6646 am 734-2734 pm for appt 

Jeff area, effic. garage apl, a ir, b ills paid. 735-6888 
______ 
Join o ur c o m m u n ity w h e re a ll ages share the good life. Relax in the pool or loin your friends in the c lu b h o u s e . V e n tu re o v e r to nearby C entral P ark o r W onder­ land. The Boardw alk otters 2 ond 
3 bedroom apartm ents fro m 5245. 
J536 w e st Avenue 349-42o3 
B a rry G illin g w o te r Co. 
LAKEW O OD APTS.- C e ntral air, 
1-2 bed roo m s, pool. Bus. V e ry nice. 341-4113 
L A R A N o rth e ffic ie n c y a p ts . 
Clean and com fo rtable. U tilitie s 
Pd Near UTSA, USAA, and Med 
C fr. $35. Wk o r $135. m o. 5848 
Babcock Rd. near H uebner Rd. 
696-7424. 
LIV E B E TTE R FOR LESS! 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FURN. OR U N FU RN . 
E X C E LLE N T M A IN TE N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS. 
2931 E. SOUTHCROSS 
534-88o8 
M ETRO HOUSE-DOWNTOWN 
M ODERN E F F IC IE N C Y -F U R N 
$12o to $135. 213 4TH ST 226-7333 
M O B ILE HOMES NEAR K E L L Y 
AND 
LA C K LA N D 
FE NC E D 
YARD 
2 BEDROOM, I BATH $135 
2 BEDROOM, I BATH $14o 
Plus $65 security deposit, water furnished 
2415 C astroville, 433-2o64 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vance Jackson Rd. 
P A R K L IK E GROUNDS 
2-BEDROOM-5235. B ILLS PO. 
P A R K D A LE APTS. 342-o191 

I minute to fR-1o. 
Private adult and family 

 s e c tio n . 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 

(J g W M j j M ^ s t o n ^ r i v e 

Couple, 2 room apt. $7o. B ills pd. 
Call 532-6714. 
DRIFTW OOD APTS.-2 Bedrooms, 
2 b a th s, a ll b ills pd.»$22o. mo. 
735-4925 or 684-5498. 
42o E. E vergreen, 4 room s, bath, w ater pd. $75. Adults. 822-o631. 
F a irfa x A p ts . 327 E . L o c u s t, 
2bdrm, cent a ir, pool 732-7759 
FOUR SEASONS APTS 
I Bedroom furn . $22o 
2Bedroom, 
I bath townhouse, 
$25o. 
U tilities included. Ideal location, across from Oak P a rk Shopping-^ 
Center, corner Nacogdoches and 
New Braunfels 
1779 NACOGDOCHES RD 
824-o691 

1, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. 
Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 

1=1 

11721 Parliament 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

LOCATION for M erchandise out­ let, Antique o r T h rift shop, etc. 
36x4o. 127 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd. 
525o per mo. 732-37o3 __________ 

NORTHSIDE 

343 E KINGS HWY Near T rin ity s p a c io u s g a ra g e a p t u p s ta irs com pletely redecorated a ir large closet area single quiet w orking fem ale $1oo w a ter pd 224-6646 am 
734-2734 

Near San Francisco Steak House 
O ffic e -W a re h o u s e space . C a ll 
Sandy 
69o-98o2, weekends 
342-2934. 
NS, close to a irp o rt. O ffice-w a r- j ehouse, 1357 sq. ft. ALSO Office, 
6oo sq. ft. u til pd. Ja n ito ria l ser- j vice 
Astro 
Investm ent 
Co. 1 
344-8388________________________ 

Retail dflice on Bdwy 
Brock areg. 828 2392 Atter 5 

RIVER SQUARE 
Beautiful location for contem por­ ary a rt g a lle ry Room for large works, call 227-9596 
Shop- Office- Warehouse. M ile 41o 
I H 35 
N 
$225 p e r m o n th . 
Contractors yard-shop, m ile 41o- 
Bandera 
Rd 
$175 
BOSKIND' 
684 9191 
87oo Square feet of m asonry fire ­ proof bldg. Good fo r v a rie ty of uses. Zoned high. Large parkin g area close to malls. MUST SEE! 
Very reasonable 
696-5o48 
696-5243_________________________ 
W arehouse and office space (cr rent. 12oo sq.ft, w arehouse 648 s o ft. office space. $25o mo plus utilities. 824-2329._______________ 
W arehouse s to ra g e space. 6oo sq.ft. Open yard space. 653-9577 f XPRfSS ANO N IW l 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. MULBERRY 
826-5o81 
The best located apt com plex in 
San Antonio. Large, beautiful 1 or 
2 bedroom apts, b ea utiful sw im ­ m in g pool and co u rt y a rd , Just secon ds fro m d o w n to w n , n e xt d o o r to F t. Sam H o u s to n and 
B ro o k A rm y M e d ic a l C e n te r. 
Convenient to Brackenridge Golf 
C ourse and tennis c o u rts . C on­ venient to all m ajor expressw ays: 
IH 35, IH 37, IM IO and the new 
N o rth E xp ressw ay. R easonable rates, all bills p a id ________ _____ 

F O N T A N A A P T S 
NO LEASE RE Q U IR ED 
You can pay your m onthly rent in 
I, 2 or 3 paym ents. E n joy color 
TV , radio, pool, m aid-linen ser vice. A ll bills pd W E E K LY rates 
3414 F redericksburg Rd 736 4444 
FR E E SERVICE 
APARTMENT FINDERS 

824-6351 
F u rn . B a chelo r Apt. H eat, a ir, c a rp e t- p o o l. $12o. B ills pd 
824-7814 or 828-9o9o att 6 PM 

M O T E L e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm e n ts o n d ro o m s . By d a y , w e e k o r m o n th . 
D 12-9112, 
P E 4 -6 7 6 7 ,! 
L E 2-o152, CA7-47o2, N e a r F t. 
Sam TA2-1377. 
N e a r SAC; C lean, I b d r. 511o, t 
B ills Pd. Pep. 732-6618. 
I 
NE BILLS P A ID $17o I Bedroom carpet, a ir, ca rp o rt, livin g kitchen, la undry room 494-3163 
N ic e q u ie t c o u p le o r s in g le , 3 rooms, $7o. mo. sm all dep. W ater pd. 2519 W. P oplar, 226-7756. A fte r 
5PM.___________________________ 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft. Sam and downtown. E f­ fic Apts Bills Paid, 589 per mo. 
227-47o2. 1954 E Houston________ 
N o rth C e n tra l Loca tion, E lm ira and McCullough and IH3S Newly decorated N ear bus, adults only. 
No pets. U nfurnished 1 bedroom 
W ater pc! $125. w ith dep. 6 Mo. 
Lease. 226-53o1 a fte r 6 and wee kends, 696-o73o__________________ 
NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t tr a c tiv e I b e d ro o m , d is h ­ washer, shag, pool B ills pd $165 ond up $25. Dep lo Min. Ft Sam 
321o E IS E N H A U E R o ft H a rry 
Wurzbach. 822-9)95_____________ 
NW O FF F redericksb urg 
Nice I bedroom Duplex Carpet air, water pd 
Adults 
$12o. 
824-8369_________________________ 
I o r T h e g r o o m s , $21o 
F o r couple w ho loves c h ild re n 
Pool, carpet, b ills pd. 226-4o63. 
PAN AM AP A R TM E N TS 
S6o2 B IE N V IL L E DR oft W eidner rd. Modern I Bedroom , 653-2663 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IDEAL LOCATION 
1 Bedroom unfurn $185 
2-Bedrooms, U nfurn. $215. 
UTILITIES PAID 
215 JACKSON K E L L E R 
824 9871____________j 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2 Bedroom , I both $215. 
Across stre e t fro m Lee H igh, 3: blks. fro m N im itz H ig h , I blk 
Jackson K e lle r E lem entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W ITH P R ID E 
A L L U IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 Herweck D r. 344-58o4 
I 

IF YOU QUALIFY 

1 Bedroom-) Bath $142-5199 
2 Bedroom ! Bath $159-522) 
3 Bedroom-2 Bath $179-5246 
All U tilities, Central A ir and Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r, R ange, D isposal, 
D raperies, TV Antenna, Storage 
U nits and M ore. A p p ro x im a te ly 
IS Minutes from M ilita ry Bases. 
924-o41o 
2914 Roosevelt Ave. 
LA B A N D ER A APTS 
LU XUR Y I and 2 bedroom apts 
1171 B A N D ER A RD. 433-3214 

LEWON TREE APTS 
4227 SUNGATE 
1-Bedroom, $179. B ills pd 
____________ 655-4826 
_________ 
LIVE BE TTER FOR LESS! 
GROUND L E V E L D U P LE X E S 
FURN. OR U N FU R N 
E X C E LLE N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS. 
2931 E. SOUTHCROSS 
S34-88o8 

TURTLE CREEK 
EFFICIENCIES 
- CABANAS 

2-BEDROOMS 
STARTING at $ 1 6 o . 
8631 FAIRHAVEN 

6 9 6 -4 5 1 o 

CAROL SKL 
ARTS. 

A tut Iv Redecorated 
I rider A etc Management 

1 Beilruoin 81oo 
+ Electric 

2 B e d ro o m $ 1 9 o 
+ Electric 

Gas and W a te r Paid 

7 1 3 4 B la n c o 

3 1 4 -4 3 3 2 o r 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 

 b t a b c o c k ! 

$ n o r t h 
! 

A P A R T M 
E N T S 

C ountry Living in the C ity 
I -bedroom Apts, now available j 
Furnished or Unfurnished 
6 miles north o f Loop 4 1 o on Babcock turn le ft at S pringtim e 
6542 Spring Branch 
69o-146o 

The 

C o u rty a rd / 

2 & 3 Bedrm, 
Apts. 
All Electric Kitchens. 

Outside Storage. N S. Schools. 

4411 Gardendale 
696 -4 89 2 

 let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 
TOWNHOUSMPARTMENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
FREE— No charge to you 
"The Professionals in apt. locating 

A p a ld m d fc - 

U i & w i i M , 

$o26 V illage T ra il (N E ), 3-2, air, fence, $195 826 7913 
_______ 
W AN T Someone to s h o re 4 be­ droom home, fenced yard. Thun­ d e rb ird H ills. NW area, C hildren welcome. 432-3866 A n ytim e! 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 

AA AAA AA AAW ... Still renting? 
Own your own home. Some only 
$1oo dow n! No C redit? No p ro b ­ lem ! 922-2173, 675 9294, 673-4714 
PA T M CVEY R E A L ESTATE 

 a p a r n 

 f i) 

EFFICIENCIES 

I -2-3 Bedroom Flats to 
Bedroom Townhouses 

381 5 Parkdale 

 fss]*^ 6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

THE OAKS APTS. 

23oo NACOGDOCHES RD. 

8 24 -2 8 24 
8 24 -2 9 76 

3 Bedroom, 2V j Bath 

Townhouse 

Overlooking lovely 
Oak 
Treed 

Courtyard 

Adult Living 

* 
WAKEEIELU-STARDUST 
# 
APARTMENTS 
A 

NEAR FT SAM 
2 Bedroom duplex, stove, retrtg. woter pd $1oo 824 8369 
___ 
NEED AN APT - C ALL US 
TEXAS AP T LOCATORS 
349 3685*No FEE«S1So up 

NE LOVELY TOWNHOUSE 
B e a u tifu l 2 b e d ro o m T O W N ­ 
HO U S E, 2 b a th s p lu s w a s h e r- d r y e r c o n n e c tio n s 
G re a t NE location Only $315. Mo Bills pd. 
AP AR TM E NTS U N L IM IT E D 
828 o 6 8 1 _______ 
North. Townhouses. U tilitie s paid. 
Spacious, convenient, lu xu rio u s, reasonable. 341-4113 

HILL TOP VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, providing 
3 levels of core 
Retirement, ICF ll, ICF III, Retire­ ment rales storting of S24I mon­ th Nursing rotes starting of S33S month. 

AAA HOMES 
$2oo T O T A L M O V E IN - W H Y 
RENT? When you can buy 3 or 4 bedrooms. Paym ents less than rent! 
674-6126_______ RAE Real Estate 
A BIG 4 bedroom . 2 bath, fenced, central heat-air. $275 mo Call 
IN TER S TATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom homes to re n t. Lease w ith optio n to buy 
Own your home NOW ! $19o to $5oo mo. 
G ASE-BAKER R E A LT Y CO 
69o-899o Eves 696-88o5, 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

H I CHOICE RENTALS 
We have the best 3 and 4 bedroom homes in NE ond HW Son A nton­ io A ll of our homes are less than I yr. old. Drapes, p riva cy fenced. 
R e frige rators, carpeting. $3oo to 
145o per month Before your rent - 
Call us! You w ill be d e lig h te d ! 
DORSEY CO. 733-9184___________ 
A irp o rt b ric k I b d rm , b u iltin s , frig , w osher-dryer, a ir,$145 
United, 735 9121, tee (313-t) 
A la rge crow d? Huge 4 bdrm . 2 bath, den, oil appls. fenced $25o 
United, 735-912), fee (3o3-21 
Another Edison 2 bdrm , kids-pets 
OK. Fenced. $14o See! 
United, 735 912), fee (328-3) 
3 BE DR O O M , IV* b oth, c e n tra l heat-air, $195 m o Call 656 1234 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S . 3 2-2, trees, c o rn e r lo t, p riv a c y fence. 
$4oo mo. Call now 656-1234 
BED CARPET 
2 Bedroom, I bath, fenced yard. 
3119 Hicks, 924-o476 
3 Bedroom, 2 bath, fenced yard. 
O ff P e rrin B ie tle , NE ISO, $2oo. mo. 653-4943 

 i B e d r o o m ho u s e , sto v e r e f r i g , d is h w a s h e r, c e n tra l o ir-h e a t. 
H S II El Sendero SMS. 6S3-1So4 

J Bedroom house, 1211 N. H a m il­ ton SI., $11o m o. 55o-dep. days 
224 1573. nites 732-1326 

Ideally located on busline 
I, 2, and 3 bedrooms. $18o 
... to ... $35o. On Rector across (rom North Star Mall. 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 

344-4558 

# 

 o 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Luxury Duplex Near Med Center 
661o S o u th p o rt, 3-2-2, k itc h e n I a p p l, in c. w a s h e r-d ry e r, f ir e ­ place. Sauna! V ery d iffe re n t not for everyone. Day 222 3751, Eve 
344 4429_______________________________ j 

MERICAL CENTER AREA 
2 -B e d ro o m , 2-b a th , 925 s q .ft. 
Furn., Unturn. Pool Club house i 
All utilities Pd. A ll adult. No pets 
SSO m oving credit. C all 342 9321 
1oAM to 5 :3oP M w e e k. 1PM I 
S 3oPM Saturday._______________ 
■Near U TSA. M e d , C lr , USAA* 
_________________________ 
Townhouse, 2 bedroom s, e lectric 
2-Bedrooms, a ir, heat’ $14o W ater kitch e n , dro p e s, c a rp e te d Ten pd. Patio 158 El Mio-4o8 ira . No nis, 
Swimming. 
$235. 
696-6121, pets 341 844o, 494 5678, 824-6227 
492-2533 
______________ 

L O V E L Y 2 B E D R O O M A P T available. $285, bills bd. Includes washer- d rye r. Call Tom M cN eil 
349-1874.___________________ 

~ L S R TOWNHOUSE 

• NOW LEASING* 
1-2-3 BEDRO O M APTS 
• Townhouses o r flats 
• All appliances, drapes 
Carpets, storage areas 
• U tilitie s paid 
• Lau ndry facilities 
• R ecreation room s 
• 4 pools 
COLONIES NORTH APTS 
IH IO a l W urzback 
Office 9823 Powhatan 69o-1884 
OAK H IL L A R M S 661! S o u th ­ p o rt. 2 bedroom with fireplace, 2 bedroom . I Va b o th Tow nhouse. 
Elec kitchens, plush carpet, utili- ties turn 342 331o, 349-o219_______ 
OAK H ILLS V ILLA G E 
A partm ents and Townhouses 
$175 Up 1847 Babcock 344 9726 
O ff B R O A D W A Y , a d u lts, la rg e upstairs. $15o. 822-7165.__________ 

' T ennystone apts. 
Convenient to Books A F.B ond downtown orea. E fficie ncy, I and 
2 bedrooms, startin g at SISO. All bills pd. 9 to 5 weekdays, and 12 to 
5 Sot 47oo Slringfellow . 533 3691 
P R IM E LOCATION 
Vance 
Jackson at 
F redericksb urg 
Bills paid-Adults only 
3 bedroom, 148o sq It, $3o4 
J bedroom, 84o sq ft, $224 
I bedroom, 64o sq ft, $199 
734 5443 

SAVE YO UR SELF 
T im e , tro u b le , m oney. We fin d new a pa rtm e nts to r you. ow ner pays tee. Econom y to lu xu ry, all over town. 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
A partm ent Locators 828-5739 
SECURITY 
PLUS 
Apts. of Distinction 
Efficiencies 
1 and 2 bedroom s 
Furnished and U nfurnished 
THE VILLA FONTANA 
123 BR AC KEN R ID G E AVE 
(O FF 27oo BRO ADW AY) 
828-1191 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large I and 2 Bedrooms 
FROM $122 SO (FU R N $14o) 
116 VA NO ER HEC K 826-2369 
OFF 64oo N NEW B R AU N FE LS 

~ THE TAHITIAN 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2 Bedroom, 1-Bath. $23o 
Convenient, near La ckla n d . Kel 
3-Bedroom , 2-Bath, 15oo so ft. $3oo i yj 3 bedroom , I ' abath, c a rp o rt 
The lo ca tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly u * $ . m g. w ith o p tio n to b u y located a second fa m ily car is not 432-77o1 or 673-3286 needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S PAIO 
One Block To North Star M a ll 
2o2 BIR C HLE AF, 342 o285 

I 3 bedrooms. 2 both home in N E 
P riva cy fenced, dishw asher and range. F om ily and livin g room s i (P e rfe c t th ro u g h o u t! I, p o tio , 
: double garage . Rent $275 mo 
1 year lease 
Days 344-3o78, nites 
696 o866 
DON JOHNSON CO REALTOR S 
3-BEDROOM UP PE R , $85 
JE R R Y SMITH, 494 3855 
3 BEDROOM UPPE R . $85 
JER R Y SM ITH, 494 3855 

$135 SIGO. 
BLANCO RD. and BASSE RD 
1-2 Bedrooms. Gas W ater Pd 
6831 BASILW OOD 342-37o2 
Brook Hollow-Duplex. 2 bedroom, 
; 2 bath, a p p ro x . 145o sa. tt. u n - 
1 tu rn ., $275 mo., w a te r ond law n 
; main, included 14417 Brook Hol- low. coil 492 966)_________________ 
Budget 3 bdrm , most bills pd A real rent for $1oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o1-3) 
3 2-2, C am elot ll, c a rp e tin g , im - inoculate $31o mo 654 o2o3______ 
1 3-2-carport In The Glen $165 per m o. Im m e d ia te ly a v a ila b le 
Stove, re frig , fenced ya rd Randy 
M atthews, RE ALTO R . 653-1)22. 
C H U R C H IL L A R E A . C h oice 3, bedroom, 2 bath. M ay t. $3oo - up 
Leu Forks - 341-o11o 

SOR tn t f ASTI ST RlSUlTS 
ON A WANT AO 
TMI NUMRIR TO CAII 
IS 22S 1666 
I A PBI SS ANO NI WS 

Cortege, spacious I bdrm , fneced tor kids-pets, only $5o now! 
United, 735-9)21, tee (34o-1) 
Couples D e lig h t! Plush I b d rm sep dining, garage. $1o5 
United. 735-9121, fee (3o2 2) 
OeMview D yn am ite ' 2 bdrm , g a r­ age. a ir and appls, fenced. $165 
United. 735 912), fee ( 299-n 
I 

> 16-C_____________ Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 I 977 

B U S I N E S S - - - - - 1 (~g^ 
N 
SOI BUSINESS oPITONIT1ES 5o1 BoS1WESS oPPoBTHWmiS_ SOI - BUSINESS OPPflBTTOIITlES 

OPPORTUNITIES 
J I ® ) 
Whites has It I 
AN OPPORTUNITY 
FOR TEXANS I 

Want to be your own boss? Own your own business! Each dot on the map indicates a city where W H ITES is seeking a franchise to open and operate another W HITES A U T O S T O R E . Over 147 
Texas towns to choose from , plus other prime locations in neighboring states. Could you be the one we're looking for? 

W HITES is a complete home and automotive center with 65o modern 
— --- stores in 17 states, 
. • including Texas, and 
* 

7 3 5 - 8 6 1 1 plans rapid expansion in f 
I the South. 
. • 
— 
1 
«• 
• I 
•*• 
_ 
• 
• I 
We'll put you on the road 
• 
• <t 
> 1 • ' .* I 

!SHED to success an<* 
• 
J 
• 
J* 
* *. 
\ security. Whites does not 
* 
. * * * • * ) 
o HILLS charge franchise fees or 
%• 
^ 
^ * 
J 
I overrides on sales. Invest- 
\ 

 ment of $3o,ooo and up 
* 
*** 'lr is required, depending on 
\ 
/ * * *# s' the size store you select. 
\ 
**?/ 
\ 
* * I 
Have money to invest? Call 
\ * 1 f our nearest sales office. 
N* \ 
You will receive straight facts without pressure and without obligation. 
John Phillips 

C A L L OR W R ITE: 
P. O. Box 31oo 

 i 
1 ii i 
".'"'3g’lv 
Lufkin, Texas 759o1 
\Y V 7 fY lf]fF r3 C ^ 
Ph. AC: 713/632-4471 

EMPLOYMENT 

* 
W H A T MOTIVATES Y O U ? 
J 

J 
M ONEY? RECOGNITION? SECURITY? 
+ 
J 
BEING YOUR O W N BOSS? 
J 
J 
PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT? UNLIMITED J 
* 
OPPORTUNITY? 
J 

Technical Specialists 
1 
G reenland O penings on 
BM EW S and DEW Line! 

• Free Living accom m odations/m eals 
• New, higher-than-ever pay rates 
• Salary qualifies as income tax exemption after completion of IB months 
Communications Technicians 

Coftdidofes must he copoble of operation and maintenance of AN F8C’39A; 
AN FRC 47 (V); AN/FRC IQI; plus multiplex and tarrier equipment. 

Radar Technicians 
Requires minimum 2 years experienre in maintenance of high powered m heavy ground rador equipment. Must include experience on very nigh power ed klystron transmitters/parametric receivers such as A N F P A 1 9 , AN 'FPS 3o; ti 
AN/FRC 39; AN FRC 1o1 or similar systems. Should have digital and/or else 

 tromechanical experience. 

DSTE/Cryptographic 

Technicians 
Requires minimum 2 years maintenance and operation experience on Digital * 
Subscriber Terminal Equipment (DSTE) and cryptographic equipment To , qualify applicant must hove recent certifications on KG 13 and must have completed formal training on DSTE equipment. 
J 

Tech Controller 
Responsible for operating the control station facility including directing and I performing circuit tests, restoration, activation and deactivation functions os required. High School graduate plus I year civilian or military electronic school training. At least 4 years experience in related areas of telephone cor- aer equipment, operation of telegraph toll and voice service test boards, teletype machines and regulator circuits. 
% 

PMEL Technicians 
To qualify, you must have formal training in precision measurement laboratory techniques, preferably USAT PMFl laboratory Experience should include a minimum of J years os repair and calibration technician for elec 
; tronic instrumentation and maintenance of radar and communication pro jects Heavy repair of solid state FME and operation of ESI DC console re 
( 

 quired. vt * 

Diesel Operators/Mechanics 
;; 

To qualify you should have minimum 5 years maintenance and operating ex- 
* perience with knowledge of diesel engines rated I OOO HP or above in o ' stationary power plant. Experience must include power generation, swit chgeor ana auxiliary system with a minimum of I year maintenance 

 background. 
Ow 

Maintenance Mechanics 

Requires minimum 3 years experience in the maintenance of mechanical J systems such as oir compressors, water pumps, heating and ventilating, f sprinklers, sewage and other associated systems. 

U S. Citizenship required. i 
No provisions for fam ily accommodations. 

Please send details of your background or resume to Employee Relations Of- ,< hee, FEIK Services Inc., P O Box 4717, Colorado Springs, CO 8o93o i 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
* 
. rvrri t flit nett A MD A Ai? 

Check M ate International offers you all of the above with a dynamic new concept that has been requested by 
Fortune ' 5 o o '* companies. This is not check protection, servicing display racks, fast foods or a get rich scheme 
W e o ffer an exceptionally profitable business that will return 
1 o o % of your investment the first year plus substantial profits. 

This opportunity is available to O N LY “ O N E " qualifi­ ed individual in San Antonio that con invest $ 1 9 ,5 o o in a “ turn-key" operation which includes operating capital. 
O ther key cities and a few "S tate Directorships" ore still available. 

SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 
Consultants 

18oo NJ. loop 41o 

828-5573 

ALL FEES ASSUMED BY 
CLIENT 
COMPANIES 
N o Contract to sign 
(Call M yron G oldm an) 
(By A ppointm ent O nly) l f For full disclosure coll Bill W interm ote 2 1 4 /2 3 3 -5 7 2 3 
-4( d. collect or write Check-Mate International, 1 2 7 o o Pork 
41 
* . Central Place - IB -3 2 - Dallas, Texas 7 5 2 5 1 
4 
★ ir i e 
★ 
ACCO U N TIN G 

(Call Jack Stewart) 

CONTSOllf*.................... 
TO SSO,OOO 
Dynamic compony with manage­ ment team committed to growth is seeking to odd o strong manage­ ment oriented controller to its staff. CPA is required and ideol ex­ perience would be Big 8 audit background coupled with corporate monogement level occounting. 
Manage a staff that is stable and competent. Planning, systems and organizational abilities ore very important 

Stiff ACCOUNTANTS 
TO SIT,OOO 
Unusual opportunity with company undergoing some organizational changes. Background in addition to occounting degree should be from 
o & G industry and specifics in ­ clude joint ventures, plant oc­ counting, property and revenue occounting. 

YOU CAN OW N THIS 
BOOMING BUSINESS 

DISTRIBUTE 
RAND MCNALLY 

Full Color City and State Rood 
Maps. Compony furnished Retoil 
o diets. 
Mo|or 
Oil 
Co. 
Stos., 
Airports. Shopping Molls, Motels, 
Etc. Outstanding Profit and Ex­ pansion 
Potential. 
Investments from S39oo. Fully Secured By In­ ventory. 
—for free Brochure— 
CAII NOW TOLI FREE 
1— 8oo— 821-227o, 
Ext. 822 
" T h e M a p C e n te r ” 

ICE CREAM & 

YOGURT STORES 
Select areas still available tor exclusive ZIP’Z "M AKE YOUR 
OWN SU N D AE” FRANCHISES, includes SITE LOCATION, EQUIP­ 
MENT, and TRAINING. Minimum 
$95oo cash investment required. if you qualify— 

CALL TOLL FREE TODAY 

1-8oo-821-227o.Ext.323 
ZIP’Z 
A oIV. OF I.Q.I., INC. 
447o MONROE ST., D EP T .S IE 
TOLEDO, OHIO 43613 

CHOICE RENTALS 

5S4 Timberlond 4 2 ........ $225 

S83o Castle Brook 3 2-1. .. $245 

8223 Quail Creek 3 2 2 .. . $25o 

12521 Sandpiper 3-2-2..........$3oo 

831o Iou Gehrig 3-2-2 . .. $35o 

C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

14325 B R O O K H O LLO W 
J bdrm, I both, privacy rear yard, preferred area, N E schools, I yr lease, water pd-524o per mo. 
344 o229________________________ 

14325 B R O O K H O LL O W D U P L E X 
2 bdrm, I bath, privacy rear yard, preferred area, N E schools, t yr lease, water pd-$24o per mo. 
344-o229________________________ 
Spread out! 3 l'T-1, stove, cent climate, fenced 521o 
United, 735-9)21, tee (311-3) 
BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

8 1 o 7 B r o a d w a y 
BAN K IN G 
W ORM GROWERS 
MARKETING CORP. 

Heeds worm growers, full or part tirfl#^fi£wm e on im-' portent port o f* cr-I n s ta te 
BTsecifltion. 
For more in-' formation, cad* write or come visit our farm. 
, 
(512) 892-2244 
5o45 HWY. 29o WEST 
Austin, Texas 78735 

TO W N H O U SE-C O N D O M IN IU M . 
Enchanted Village N E ISO. Walk to a ll sc h o o ls 
N e a r sh o p p in g centers. Patio, 2 ca r garage. All outside m aintenance, club fa cili­ ties, pool, sauna. New ly painted in s id e a n d out, r e f r ig e r a t o r , washer and dryer. Quality living, quiet, prefer no pets. Call 341-7447 

(Call Myron Goldman) 

V P. OPERATIONS 
TO S28,ooo 
VP COMMERCIAL 
LOANS.................... IO $25,ooo 
V P. TRUST 
ADMINISTRATION... TO $25,ooo 
V.P. CASHIER 
............ TO $2o,ooo 
VP. CASHIER 
TO $16,ooo 
REAL ESTATE OFFICER . TO $22,ooo 
MGR PERSONAL LOANS TO $22,ooo 

I o p e r a t io n s ! 

(call Myron Goldman) 

FLEET MANAGER 
TO S2o.Uoo 
OPERATIONS (TRAINEE) TO $15,ooo 

[ r e t a i l I 

(Coll Myron Goldmon) 

BOYS WEAR 
BUYERS................ TO $25,ooo + 
GIRLS WEAR 
BUYERS................TO $2o,ooo + 
DRESS BUYER............TO $16,ooo + 
JR SPORTSWEAR 
BUYER.................... TO SI 5,ooo 
LINGERIE BUYER 
TO $15,ooo 

STORE MGR 8 SPORTING GOODS & 
SPORTING WEAR 
BUYER......................TO SI 7,ooo + 
ASST STORE MGR... TO $16,ooo + 

Deluxe 2 bdrm Townhome, appls, cp, fenced for kids-pets. j u s 
United, 735-9)2), fee (3812) r$1o,ooo PER YEARN 
PART TIME!! 

$4o,ooo PER YEAR 

Denver Hts. 2 Bedroom home for rent. Please call oft 6, 533 9634 
D uplex 
P riv a te lo catio n n ea r 
Hollywood P ork, 2 bedroom , 1 'i bath, kitchen appliances, fenced back y a rd , w ater paid, I y e a r lease. 494 5895__________________ 

W indsor P a rk. 3 bdrm , built-ins plus reefer, kids-pets O K . $19o 
United, 735-9121, tee (3o8-2) 
ON TH E M O V E IN T E X A S A N D O T H E R S O U T H E R N S T A T E S ! 
Wonderland 2-1-1. big den, appls, air, fenced. $185. Call 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o3-3) 
FULL TIME POTENTIAL!! 

TOY WORLD 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
M ATTEI 
-PARKER G AM ES 
FISHER PRICE 
M ILTO N BRADLEY 
T O N K A 
N o 'Selling or ex pe rie nce necessary, y o u w ill restock beautiful displays with the country's fastest selling nationally a d v e rtise d toys in high traffic com pany established accounts that will be turned o v e r to you. Your reorders will- be com puter processed b y one o f the oldest ond largest brand nom e to y w hole sale rs in the 
LLS. 
Applicants m ust be responsible, ab le to m ake decisions, and ba cap ab le of m aking m inim um cash in­ vestm ent of 
$ 5 2 5 o . 
1oo% m erchandise buy bock. 
Call M r. Bell: Toll Free a nytim e. 1 -8 o o -6 2 1 -7 7 2 5 , 
Ext. A l 21. Sunday calls accepted. 

Duplex Spacious, stove, refriger­ a to r. d is h w a s h e r, Lo o p 41o at 
Slorcrest. S275. 494-3752_________ 
W ood law n L a k e . B ig 2 b d rm roomy den, fenced for all. $11o 
United. 735-9)21, fee (313-3) 
Edison. Sharp 2 bdrm with appls and air. Just $15o 
United, 735-9)21, fee (3o9-)) 
FURNITURE STORE 
1 
5o-year-old (ompoqy offered for sole. Many accounts on the books. 
Includes forge tract of land and building. 

Worm Fa rm Liquidation. Several overstocked beds or worms. $2.5o per I OOO. 5o,ooo min. W O RM S, Box 
544, M issouri City, Texas 77459 
(713)437-5o14___________________ 

E X E C U T I V E 'S H O M E 
E l Dorado, elegant. 7S% rock 3-2-2 with form al living ond dining and 
17x14 den, 5x5 refrig., range ond dishw asher. $345 mo- Coll V ikki 
Wakefield 534-8826 
Century 21, W akefield Realtors 

Reasonable, daily, weekly rales. 
Downtown. 315 N. Main._________ 
MEAT COMPANY 
Specialty meats compony selling direct to consumers. 
Unique operation, owner will (rom. 

Bedroom, cent oir, mature adult, gentleman preferred 732-198o 
E x e c u tiv e W estw ood. 3 b d rm cent air, fenced for all. 
United, 735-912), fee (334 1) 

W ill buy shop eq u ipm ent,in v e n ­ tories, or close-outs. Pa-Co, 6459 
Old 
Hwy 
9o west. 
673-2573. 
533-9o98________________________ 

For Perm anent Living 
Downtown, Check out the 
FELEC Services, Inc 

F a m ily s ty le 
3-1-1, c e n tro ! weather, opals, fenced. $2oo 
United. 735-912), fee (344 3) 
LOUNGE 
Several to choose from in choice locations. Mixed drinks ond en­ tertainment. 

PAINT STORE 
House paints, wallpaper, handyman needs and picture framing. 3o-year- old compony beinq solo to settle estate. 

Would like to rent or lease sm all cafe or snack bar, Pot Office Box 
244, Seguin, Tx. 78155 or 1-372-o6o4 

Most Reasonable Rates 
22o Broadway 
3-2, fenced, near school, conven­ ient M ed School. U T S A , U S A A 
$29o mo. A vail MOV I. 696 7582. 

Share home, turn front bedroom, w o rk in g p e rs o n or stu d e n t. 
Northwest, convenient. 
733-872o evenings. 
An equal opportunity employer, m/f 

,sm tm tm rn * r n ^ rn 
318 Fretting Oft Vance Jackson 
Rd 
2 b e d ro o m s, fe nced y a rd . 
$14$. Ben Lam bert Co. TOSI Austin 
Hwy. 826-8663___________________ 

Borrow any amount for any pur- pose. Private money. 227-161o 
SALES 

(Call Sandy Howard) 
By Appointment Only 

MEDICAL 
ELECTRONIC 
SPECIALIST 
. . . call on oreo hospitals as o representative of o medicol in ­ strument corporation in this newly created position. 
Experience in hospital sales is necessary ond the company offers an excellent benefit program ond high earnings potential. Earning oreo $2o,ooo 

PIUS. 

REGIONAL SALES MANAGER ... New division being formed of a Fortune 
SOO international consumer pro­ duct compony. Ground floor op­ portunity for o proven frock record in consumer products. Must have 
Isl line monogement experience and know merchandising, display ond product promotion. 2o open­ ings throughout the U.S. Earning oreo $26,5oo. 

HBA KEY ACCOUNT REP .. . South 
Texos territory opening for manufacturer or a notionally ad­ vertised product colling on Drug and grocery store representing lop of the line product. Company cor plus oil expenses plus lucrative conus for 1-2 years of Key Account 
Sales experience. 
Earning area 
$16,5oo. 

L a r g e ro o m , 2 1 'x 2 9 " lo n g X 
12 x2 o ” wide. F o r storage only. 
734-8497, 734-85o9._______________ 

So23 F R I E D E L L . 3-1. $13o 
824-452! 
3 
______ T U R N E R R E A L T Y 
£ 
O utstanding x| 
9 
O pportunity 
* 
• AQIARAMA INC. 
• 
A 
Be a part of America's 
9 

T* 
W I HOBBY BOOM!! 
9 
Franchises now' being of- 9 
^ fered by fastest growing a 
9 volume retail aquarium ^ 
A chain in South 8 Southwest. £ 
^ locations now iii operation ^ 
^ in Houston & New Orleans. A 
^ 
Unique method of operation ^ 
9 provides fantastic results. V 
• 

Should double return of in- a vestment plus, during 1st 9 
A year of business. SI5,ooo.oo £ 
^ required. No experience ne- ^ 
£ cessory, as we provide com- 
^ a plete training program. Con- 
^ 
9 toe) Procurement Manager 
V 
• 
IGOI E. Southmore St. 
M 

Suite 9o1 
A 
Pasadena, Tx. Or call: 
^ 
I — 213— 47S-2751 

RECREATION VEHICLE 

DEALERSHIP 
Several exclusive lines, superb location. 
High volume soles, business booming. 

BEAUTY SHOP 
One of the nicest shops in the city. 
Up to-dote hair styles. Skilled operators with following will stay. 

H arm o ny H ills 4-2-den, ronge, double garage. 522 Tam m y. $3o8. 
824-5719 
__ 

We specialize in the purchase of: 
•Chattel or Real Estate Notes 
•Financial Leasing 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E A T 226-o314 
18)8 NBO Bldg. 
San Antonio 

 f l e e t i n g 
Will care for your aged loved one in m y h o m e , p r iv a t e ro o m , reasonable. 922-8918 .____________ 

4-2-2. H e lo te s, p lu s h , ' j a c re , trees, w asher d ryer, refrigerator. 
S4So. 494 3752_________ __ 
Will care for your aged loved one in my home, private room , rea- sonabte. 922-8918________________ 

R E A D Y cash to p u rch a se your real estate m orfoges 225-1475. 
H u r ry F o r th is 3 b d rm o ld e r home, fenced, $6o, Believe it! 
United, 735-9)2), fee (334 3) 
S M A L L HONOR LO A N S 
JU S T P R O M ISE TO P A Y 
A A A C R E D IT _______ 
223-1 
Kids-pets O K , 2-1-, carpet, drapes, air, appls. Fenced. $16o 
United, 735-9121, fee (3o11) 
Starting, ex p and ing , intangible a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le ...c a s h a v a ila b le fo r th ese a n d o th e r money needs. Coll 473-8857 now. 
W E H A V E - L e n d e rs w ho o re looking for investm ents in apts, shopping centers, office buildings, w a re h ou sin g , in d u s tria l p a rk s , m obile hom e p a rk s , motels-ho* te is . V e n tu r e c a p it a l a v a il. 
Construction funds avail. Call or write 
H A R T F O R D M A R Y L A N D 
ASSOC 
44o5 S. Logan, Lansing MI. 4891o; 
(517)393-35oo___________________ 

SUBURBAN 

RESTAURANT located outside the hustle ond bus­ tle of Son Antonio. Attractive decor, first doss equipment, good clien­ tele. Will go fast of this low price. 

Lackland Nifty 3 bdrm , cent air, appls, big den. Just $2oo 
United, 735-9)21, fee (334 1) 
Texas Instruments’ Digital Systems 
Division has immediate openings in their Houston facility for the following: 

M oney m a k e r Im m ed iate Pos session. Phone 656-57o5_________ 

Advertising 
M A N A G E M E N T 
P ro v e n sy ste m s e rv e s T r o v e l 
Aviation industries. Patent p ro ­ tected. Executive caliber man or woman lo m anage one of several territories. Full training. Ad ex­ p e rie n ce u n n e c e ssa ry . $19,5oo cosh reauired, rapid return. Coll collect Don W ard 
(813)531-1441 or write A IR P O R T B U T L E R 
St Pete Int'l Airport 
Clearw ater. FIO 3352o_____ 

2 b a th , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s , w asher-dryer connections. North west area $265. 
Product Marketing Engineers 
Requires 3-5 years m arketing and/or sales experience in the m inicomputer or intelligent term inal industry. 
College degree required; MBA preferred. 

Laurel Hts. 2 bdrm , frig. air, dou­ ble garage $13o. H u rry ! 
United, 735-9121, tee (3111) 
Le a se option. 2-1-1, a p p ls, fire place, kids pets O K . $17o 
United, 735-9121. tee (3o4-2) 
REALTOR’ 

T Y P IS T $5oo 
Bankers E m p . Svc., 87oo Crown hill, 828-6123.___________________ 
Located on quiet cul-de-sac in Red 
H orse M a n o r. 5 m in. R andolph 
A F B . 3-2-2 with fire p la ce . $35o. 
Avail. June I 658-39o5._________ 
BASKIN-ROBBINS 
A U TO D E A L E R S H IP 
For sale 6o year going business. 
JO E V A JD O S 1-512-78o-2225 
Lovely 4-2-2, high efficiency o ir, com plete kitchen. L a rg e fenced y a rd . N S sc h o o ls. M in to M ed 
Center, U S A A , U T S A . Only $35o. 
684-2835.________________________ 

Automotive Repair Center 
6 stolls, 2 offices, wolfing room. 
Now in operation. 
Excellent gross.533-o164__________________ 
Applications Engineers 
Requires 3-5 years experience working with softw are systems in a com puter and/or term inal industry. M ust be able to provide technical support for custom er applications. Technical/ college degree required. 

DEALERSHIPS 

FOR THE 

NEWEST PRODUCT 

TECHNICAL 
B o c k fro m re n t 12x2o o ffic e terms, free delivery. 924-5oo3. 
Ice Cream Store a v a ila b le in 
SAN AN TO NIO 
For info write: 
Boskin-Robbms 
2ooo N. loop We$t 
Suite 115 
Houston, TX 77o18 or call: 
(713) 6 8 1 -8 4 1 o c o lle c t! 
_ 

M E D C E N T E R . 3-2, 19oo sa ft., 
$345 
L A C K L A N D . 3-1-1, all appliances, central air, $225. 
K E L L Y . 3-tVi-l, central air, $21o. 
S O U T H W E S T 
3-1 ’ 'i-1. a ll ap pliances, central air, $21o. 
L A C K L A N D . 3-1-1. all appliances, central air, $2oo. 
S O U T H W E S T . 3 -1-C P . a ll ap pliances, $165. 
681-o66o 

(Call Roger White) 

ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEER 
- 
TO 
$23,ooo. Microprocessor ond in ­ strumentation background. 

PRODUCTION 
MANAGER 
- 
TO 
$2o,ooo. 
Sheet metal forming, spray pointing, plating and assembly. 

MAINTENANCE 
ENGINEER 
- 
TO 
$18,ooo. Heavy power, high speed mochiner. 

CIVIL ENGINEER - TO $18,ooo. 
Municipal and subdivision background. 

MACHINE SHOP SUPERVISOR - TO 
517.ooo. Vertical, horizontal mills 
Wiedemotic. 

PRODUCT ENGINEER - TO $16,ooo. 
BSME, form implement line. 

STRUCTURAL 
DETAILERS 
- 
TO 
515,ooo 

INDUSTRY 
ENGINEERS 
- 
TO 
SI 5,ooo. 
Machine shop and/or aircraft. 

ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEER 
- 
TO 
515.ooo. Switchgear applications. 
Car & expenses. 

PURCHASING AGENT - TO SI 5,ooo. 
LElectro mechanicol product line. 
^ 

B A R B E R SHOP for sale 
9o7 5 BRAZO S 
B E A U T Y SALON 
A ll e q u ip m e n t, e s ta b lis h e d clients. Extrem ely good location 
516,5oo. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

B E E R T A V E R N -G o o d clientele, 
High traffic area, G reat potential. 
Call 432-9o7o ofter U A M _________ 

BY TIFFANY INDUSTRIES, INC 
AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR 

4 Short W eek s 
IN AN EXCITING GROWTH MARKET 
Product Planners 

Requires 3-5 years experience in electronic d ata communications or related industry in m arket develop­ ment, business, or product planning. 
College degree required; MBA preferred. 

B O E R N E -C o in L a u n d ry . B u y equipm ent. Lease building. 1976 g ro s s in c o m e 
S3o.ooo. 
C a ll 
684-2o51 ofter 5PM and weekends. 

Other Training in: 

Computer Operations 

 im puter Programming 

Medical Assistant 

Medical Secretary 

Nurse’s Aide/Orderly 

N o e o -P e rrin 
M odern 3-2-1. full carpet, appls or option 
United. 735-9121, tee (3o4 3) 
What is Plantworks? It is a new automatic hydroponic Green­ house Growing System . . . ideal for home gardening. With the push of a button it can produce lush flowers, vegetables and fruits in an environmentally controlled, dirtless greenhouse .. . and big profits for you. Products are fully patented and unique to the gardening market. Tiffany Industries, a publicly held, 6o m illion dollar world-wide agricultural manufacturer and marketer, is putting their full m uscle behind this exciting new product. 
Dealer investment of $8,5oo or $4,7oo is com pletely secured by tangible assets .. . No royalty fees, no franchise fees! 

Cafe and lounge, fully equip, pool tab le, ju k eb o x, kitch en eq u ip . 
$5ooo. 1423 S Presa 532-o515 
N ear Ft. Sam , Randolph, W indsor 
P o r k . 
4-2-2 
(C a m e lo t l l ) , living-dining room , large fam ily room with fireplace, fully carpet­ e d , c e n t r a l a ir , e n c lo s e d a ll w eather pafio (22X18), p riv a cy fe n c e d y a a r d , c o n v be st N E 
Schools $345 mo. 653 2472 _______ 

C O U N T R Y H O M E 
A N D IN CO M E 
B Y O W N E R , N O R TH W E S T 
N E A R U T.S A. 
Rust rock and cedar on top of 45 wooded acres. 35 years old with 5 rock fire p la ce s, 6 bedroom s (2 are 2ox3o), 7 bathrooms, 6oo sq.ft den, 6oo sq.ft. stainless steel and knotty pine kitchen, 6,ooo sq.ft. party room with separate b a r, huge outdoor lighted dance patio plus several rustic rental income houses and tennis court, sw im ­ m ing pool, in d e p e n d en t w a te r s y s te m , 17 a c r e s fe n c e d fo r horses and riding trails. Off IH-1o 
N.W. on private paved road just 
IO minutes from W onderland, 2 miles from City Lim its. Ideal for country hom e, night club, c h il­ d re n 's c a m p or s c h o o l, d u d e ranch, corporation retreat, club house, artists’ colony. Unlim ited incom e potential. Le ase, lease- pu rch a se , or p u rc h a se , te rm s r- negotiable. 
Appointment only. 
698-2742___________________ _ 

Profitable franchise oppor­ tunity with lots of assistance from us. Excellent earning po­ tential. Investment required. 
For further details call or write' 
WalterCullen, Mgr., Franchise 
Division, KnappShoes, 
One Knapp Centre, rirockion, MA o24o1. 
Telephone: 617-588-9ooo. 

N ear Lackland-K ellv. 3 bedroom, 
2 bath, fenced back yard, central air-heat, close to schools. $175 mo. 
658-4467 ofter 5_________________ 
Send your resume in complete confidence to: Judy Huffhines/ 
Staffing M anager/P.O. Box 14 43 
M.S. 6o5/Houston,Texas 77oo1. 

Education Center 

1121 Navarro 

N E A R Lcklnd-K elly, 2brm House, 
S)2Smo., SSO-dep 219 M cloughlim 
N ear R andolph. 4-2-2. fireplace. 
Avail June I 653-167o__________ 
Near Town. NO lease, NO deposit 
Won t last for $55 
United. 735-9121, fee (323-2) 
Neor U T S A ond Med Ctr. P artial­ ly turn, 2-2, central air, carpeted 
684-4722, 341-3254. $185 mo 
W rite'or call: PLAN TW O RKS SOUTH TEXAS 

P.O. Box 34o9, Austin, Texas 78764 (512) 258-1496 
# 

ENROLL NOW 
CLASSES 
FORMING 

• Nurses Aide 
! • Male Orderly 
★ Meditol Assist. 
★ tab Technician 
* Approved for Eligible Vet­ erans 
* Eligible for Basic Grants 
Job Placement Assistance 
Registration Available 
For Information call 
S.W. School of 
Medical Assistants 
224-2296 
115 Broadway 

Sn equal opporluniiv employer 
WATERFRONT 
24 Unit Motel 
W ith Managers' apt., plus 
4 5 space travel trailer park, 4 2 5 ft. waterfront rights on 
Aransas 
Bay. 
Swimming pool, large live oak trees, good family business, priced right! 

ITSCHNER 
REAL ESTATE 
51 2— -729-5444 
ROCKPORT, TEXAS 
ARANSAS PASS, 
TEXAS 
5 1 2 -7 5 8 -7 5 5 5 

S O U T H W E S T 
S C H O O L 
O F 
M E D I C A L 
A S S I S T A N C E . 
224-2296, 115 Broadw ay 
_ 
Distributor/D ealer 
F A C T O R Y 
D IR E C T 

W HOLESALER- 
ASSOCIATE 

4 BILLIO N D O L L A R 

IN D U STR Y 

1oo% MARK-UP 

NO S E LL IN G 

Established 
National 
Com ­ pany with Manufacturing ta currehtly expanding nation­ wide network ol indepen­ dent - FACTORY - DIRECT - wholesaler associates to ser vice retail accounts secured by Company in this area 

IM M ED IATE INCOME 

NO PURCHASE 
REQUIRED 

THIS IS Y O U R 
O P P O R T U N I T Y 
To prepare for C IV IL S E R V IC E 
E x a m in a tio n s . M en-w om en 18 and over. O p p o rtunitie s (or a d ­ vancement. P reparatory training as long as required. E xperience not a lw a ys n e c e ssa ry . A Hom e 
Study School since 1948 will send you F R E E I N F O R M A T O N on jo bs a n d th e ir re q u ire m e n t s . 
W rite T o d a y g iv in g n a m e , a d ­ dress and phone to: Lincoln Ser­ vice, Inc., Dept. 95-F, 2211 Broad- woy, Pekin, Illinois 61554________ 

Veteran Inquiries Welcome 
Teas Vocational School 
1913 S.Flores___________ 225-32S3 

RETAILING 
BECOME A 
RETAIL STORE 
MANAGER 

Applications are now being accepted from individuals to pro­ vide local service to our company established accounts. 

N O SELLING REQUIRED 
This exciting and lucrative business provides on ideol op­ portunity for husband a n d /o r w ife, semi-retired or retired, businessmen ond professionals to be their own boss, operat­ ing a business witn earning potential of 
M LM * I 
A M O -TECH ^ 

BECOME A LICENSED 
AVIATION TECHNICIAN 
NEW CLASSES BEING JUNE 2oth 
> 
• Approved for Veterans 
• Accredited MATTS Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• Courses in Airframe and Power- plant 

• Quality for FAA ASP License 
• Course Duration 12 Months 
• Job Placement Assistance 

VISIT OR C A U 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
113o '/Otto St., Stinson field 
San Antonio, Twos 7o214 
924-8551 

* With Spencer Gifts, a national leader 
+ Merchandise retailing 
+ No 18-hour days 
* We ll train you for Store Manager, or higher! 

W e 're the most successful g ift,chain in the country. 
This year we will open about 25 new stores — in addition to the more than 2 7 5 we already hove in 38 states. Y O U C A N SHARE THIS K IN D OF STEADY 
SUCCESS. 
W ith the com prehensive o n -th e -jo b (ra in in g we provide, you should make Store M anager level and at least $ 1 o ,4 o o salary in 5 to 9 months. You'll move up from there on your own marit as you demonstrate ability in management. THERE S UN LIM ITED RO O M 
AS WE G R O W . 

SALARY AS YOU TRAIN $8,5oo to $1o,ooo depending on yo^r qualifications 

Retail experience a n d /o r some college are definite assets. So is previous supervisory or management expereince. You MUST be willing to RELOCATE os necessary to accept promotions. 
G et on this 
"superhighw ay" to Retail M anagem ent in a desir­ able, clean, interesting business. For convenient in­ terview, call collect on M onday, April 25th: 

(713) 4 6 8 -4 o 6 7 

 lf unable to call, please send resume to: 

PART-TIME OR FULL-TIME 

Company provides: 
1. Equipment and supplies 
2. Accounts in key locations 
3. Skilled training and guidance 

Y O U PROVIDE: 
1. Top credit references 
2. Sincere desire to operate own business 
3. Must be ready to start in 3 o days 

N o purchase required, our investors put up the necessary capital for qualified applicants. Applicant must have ade­ quate working capitol. 

A C C O U N T A N T $14K 
Set up system for growing co. 
Advancem ent, call 684-868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 

A M B I T IO U S O N L Y Nat l c o m ­ pany expanding operations in San 
Antonio a re a , need 5 people to train for m anagem ent positions. 
Need transportation, references re q u ire d . No te le p h o n e in t e r ­ views. Call M r. Lockeby for appt 
349-4398 828-4o74 O ffer 5. 

EXECUTIVE 

$35-$75,ooo Range 

Son Antonio area to administer established marketing program. 

FIRST TIME OFFERED. 

Qualifications must include a strong executive soles ad­ ministration background 
In­ vestment — 525,ooo (Not a Fran­ chise) 

For confidential interview call Mr. 
Marks at 415/457-7313, or write: 
AMUTECH, LTD. 
15o Bellam Blvd. «23o 
San Rafael, CA 949o1 

P R O D U C T R E T U R N 

P R IV IL E G E 

C O M P L E T E TR AIN IN G 

M A N OR W O M AN 

F U L L TIM E 

P A R T TIM E 

You may visa our Factory and 
National Headquarters 

$ 4 2 5 o 
M IN IM U M C A S H 
R E Q U I R E D 

(This is not a franchise) 
FOR FREE BROCHURE call 
TOLL FREE 1-8oo 643-5596 or send Name. Address and 
Telephone Number to 
WE LCO, IN C . 
51o Plaza West 
L it t le F lo c k , A R 
722o5 

A m b u la n c e D r iv e r s W a n te d . 
Please give full information and qualifications. E .M .T . preferred. 
Experienced. W rite Express Box 
7665. Son Antonio, 78297 
Call J. KRUTCHER 
(512) 732-5141 
SUN., MON., TUES. Only 

G AM AN DISTRIBUTORS 
(8oo)323-o5o2 

C LA IM S R E P R E S E N T A T I V E for la rg e ca su a lty in s u ra n c e c o m ­ pany. College degree necessary. 
Com pany ca r and beneits. Send resum e to PO box 2841o, San An­ tonio, T X 78228. An Equal Oppor- tuntty Em ployer 
_____________ 

DAY & NITE CLASSES 
E N R O L L NOW 
K eypunch, S ecretarial, A ccount­ ing, Drafting and All Other B usi­ ness Courses. 
Vet Approved. 
DURHAM C O LL E G E 
1o5 Son Pedro__________ 225-54o1 
Com puter Consultant needed for 
IBM 37o-155. M ust have exp. in 
Social and Physical Sciences and m u ltip le p r o g r a m m in g la n ­ g u a g es. S a la ry o pen. C o n ta c t 
B a rry Engelbrecht. Trin co, Inc. 
736-7481__ 

Own Your Own Business'' White 
Auto Stores, 391o Coll Fie ld Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)692-341o 

Finish High School at Home 
Diplom a aw arded. F o r free bro­ chure, call Am erican School, tool free. 1-8oo-62) 8318. 
___________ 
ICE CREAM 
Franchise 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

Top location in Son Antonio 
Profitable natural flavored product line and frozen yogurt Owner will finance. 

U .S .P O S T A G E S T A M P 
V E N D IN G M A C H IN E S 
Lowest prices. Investigate before you invest! F o r free information, w rite Including phone num ber: 
S O U TH W ES T S T A M P V E N D IN G 
ASSOC, 4723 S.Gary, Tulsa, OK 
741o5___________________________ 

P a r tn e r w a n te d . 
H o th o u s e , 
Greenhouses, N ursery. S acres, good location. In city 923-1684 r 
DEALERSHIP 
^ 
OPPORTUNITY 
Now available 
Only 
$2o,ooo. 
Become a dealer for the new household word in large screened 
TV 
AVANT! VIDEO now going nationwide! 
C a ll TO LL-FREE 
1-8oo-327-2863 
A VA N TI VIDEO 
2951 $. Bayshore Dr. 
^ Miami, Pig. 33133 J 

H A L L M A R K A E R O T E C H 
113o 99th ST, Stinson Field 
_______ 924-855) 
C O M P U T E R O P E R A T O R $65o, good b o n u s, p a id b e n e fits 
Bankers Em p. Svc., 87oo Crown hill, 828-6123. 

DISTRICT O FFIC E 
7o6 Magdalene 
Houston, Texas 77C24 

An E q u a l O pportunity E m p lo y er M 'f 

P L A N T A N D G IF T SHOP 
N E , Under $5,ooo 
655-5684 or 65S 4822 
Le arn P ro fessio n a l B artend ing 
And B a r M anagem ent, A W orld 
Wide 
Profession for men ond women. 
Brotherhood School of 

Dav Core Center Director needed for New Day Core Center, exper­ ience in childcare and bookkeep­ ing, degree. $55o month starting sa lo ry. C ontact Hope Lu th eran 
Church. 433-7475 for applications 

V A R I E T Y S T O R E 
5o year reputation. Owner retiring Company needs young out-going m anagem ent, good profit potential. Centrally located 
227-o227 
Wntson A Son 
655-8546 

R E A L 
E S T A T E 
O F F I C E 
B L O G .( T e x - M a c R e a lt y ) on 
Hwy.181 in F lo r e s v ille 
L e a s e building with lease-purchose of furniure and sign. $25oo down will handle Cal) Pleasanton 1-569-3382 

J.J. BANNON INC. 
(512) 656-3859 
9 A.M. til 5 P.M. 
1o15 Jockson-Kelter. NO 2o2 
349 26o1 
A Texas Certified T rad e School. 
Free job assistance, discount to 
Vetrans. 
New classes begin M ay 2 
R E G IS T R A T IO N 
Mon and Wed nlte 7pm-1opm 

E xp . m unicipal and subdivision draftsm en in est. Austin consult­ ing engineering firm . Call Doug 
512-454-o371 or write B ryant Cu- rington Inc 3423 Guadalupe 787o5 
E O E ___________________________ 

I M M E D IA T E O P E N IN G 
For Executive Director of Health 
Agency. M ust have experience in 
A d m in is t r a t io n a n d F e d e r a l 
Grants. A b ility to relate to and w ork w ith c o n s u m e rs , C ounty 
Medical Society and local elected su b m it w ritte n re s u m e to 
*:onzales County Health Agency, 
In c., 51911 St. J o s e p h S tre e t, 
Gonzales, Texos 78629 

W E B U Y 
Businesses and Inventories 
J. K A H N A ASSOC. >42-4822 is now taking applications for an 

We buy Invento ries, tools and e q u ip m e n t o r w h a t-h a v e -yo u . 
P a-C o , 6459 Old Hw y 9o W est, 
673-2573 or 533-9o98._____________ 

A lim ited num ber of individuals are needed to raise earthw orm s for an organization that affords an u n lim ite d inco m e potential. 
For inform ation, call E C O L O G Y 
C O N C E P T S IN C ., 512-637-o133. 
Offices Nationwide.______________ 

JO B H U N T IN G ? $12 *65,OOO. B e r­ n a rd H a ld a n e & A s s o c . (5)2) 
342-3166. 
S in c e 
1947. 
N o t «? plocement a g e n c y . ________ 

S P E C I A L I T Y L I N G E R I E SH O P, large repeat business. Seller will train buyer. $18,ooo. 
D egree, strong production and journalism background essentia!,. liv e E N G e x p e rie n c e a m ust. 
Equol opportunity em ployer M F : 

Working partner wonted for nice thrift shop on Perrin-Beitel. $4,5oo 
Reauired, may finance sm all por­ tion. Coll eves. 494-6338. 

O N A W A N T AO 
TMI N U M B I B TO C A I I 
IS 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 f X P R I S S A N O N f W S 

62o8 S.Flores 
1$ * 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 f X P f if S S A N D N f W S 

IN THI f X P B E S S N f W S 
C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. 

A l i n e s 
$ 

 r n r n 
IOD A Y S 
7 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
I 
-1 AOA 
QUICK RESULTS!* 

GSI mFESSIOMt 
EOI ■ PRoKSSI8NH 
BOI PRSFFSSIONAL 
6o1 PROFtSSIOWU 

L > « 

T 
SWEARINGEN AVIATION 
Hos those current professional openings: 

* AC C OU N TAN T— 
Must hove on ossotiote or Bachelors Degree 
+ experience in receivables or general ac­ counting 

* COST ESTIMATOR— 
Requires Industrial engineering background or related aircraft manufacturing experience. 

* BUYER— 

Must have 2 3 ypars experience in aircraft or related manufacturing areas 

 it MATERIAL CONTROL PLANNER— 
Requires experience in developing bill material for manufacturing company in­ cluding familiarity with data processing ap plication in material planning and scheduling operations lf you orc interested in knowing mare about these openings and a possible future with 
Swearingen, you should apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Cor­ poration, International Airport, San Antonio, Tx 
(Come East on Bitters Rood past Blossom Athletic 
Center, turn right on NE entrance rood ) 
W E A R IN G G N JZb 
C O W e O M A f ’C W 
“ 
A K I 

A S ubsidiary o f Fairchild Industries 

An {q u a l O pp o rtun ity Employer 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
UVE IN SAN ANTONIO 
NO TRANSFERS 

Must have recent retail supervisory experience in one or more of the following departments: Men s, ladies' or 
Children’s Wear; Fabrics; linens; Shoes; Cosmetics, learn to be a Store Manager. Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, reasonable hours. 

Coll or write Mr. Brenner 
Or Mr, Grimm for confidential appointment 
SOLO SERVI COMPANY 
118 Soledad, Son Antonio 782oS (512) 225-7163 

DATA PROCESSING 
PROFESSIONALS 
A ll le v e ls - IB M 3 7 o D O S , O S 
A H fe e s a s s u m e d b y c o m p a n y . 

1. M a n a g e r w ith fin a n cia l b a ckg ro u n d to 3oK 

2. S r. P r o g r a m m e r / A n a ly s t 3 5 years bonking exp e rie n ce -to 2oK. 

3 C o m p u te r O p e r a t o r S u p e r v is o r $ 1 6 5K 

4 C O B O L P R O G R A M M E R S O S o r D O S Any level 
I 2K up depending on expe rience 
CAU Ted Arvig at 512-736-2263 
PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS INT L 
Executive Search-Personnel Consultants 
6 2 4 3 IM IO , SUITE 4 4 o , 782o1 

M nm -'ivw-l tu rxtM n it 

[QUARRY SUPERINTENDENTS 

$ 2 o , o o o 

• No Degree required 
• Aggregates, Lime or Granite 
• 5 years experience 
• AU fees assumed by company 
Qualified applicants please contact: 
STEPHEN BOSSE AT 5 1 2 -7 3 6 -2 2 6 3 

(PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS INT L. 
Executive Search-Personnel Consultants 
6243 IH IO, SUITE 44o, 782o1 

C O N T R O L L E R 

Immediate opening exist with well knnwn mijnufacture and pro cessor for on outstanding individual with ot least I years of responsible accounting experience including 2 years as Controller 

Must hove considerable background in Profit Planning, Cost Systems, 
• Cash How Analyst, Protections ond Detail Statement Preparation Should have a Degree in Accounting, Certification is desirable Will report direct­ ly to the President 

 location in highly desirable Hill Country Compensation will be determined by experience and accomplishment. Please send resume to. 
EXPRESS NEWS BOX 4431 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 7 8 2 9 7 
All Replies Confidential 

PROGRAMMERS 
Expanding priorities ond strong commitment to a dynamic Management 
Systems function has resulted in several openings for individuals with 13 
‘'veors COBOL experience ot our coporote office Prefer college ond exposure 
*o Burroughs, medium ond large systems Diversified organizations with operations rn refining, transportation, manufacturing, marketing, ex plorahon and production will provide challenges and opportunities for ad­ vancement Contort Jim Hurst, 87oo Tesoro Drive, San Antonio, Texas if8286, (512) 828-8484 ext 768 

 iSOROl 

TESORO PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

MANAGEMENT TRAINEE 
SALARY $13,2oo 

National Company, one o f the largest in its j field. College degree necessary and 2 years work experience. Must be willing to relocate in 
Texas. 

Coll Sid Crawford at 512-736-2263 

I PROFESSIONAL EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS INT L. 
Executive Search-Personnel Consultants 
6243 IM IO, SUITE 44o, 782o1 

E x e c u t i v e s 

M a n a g e r s 
Professionals 

M o st o f th e b e tte r, higher p a yin g jo b s are n o t adver­ tise d . H a ldan e can show y o u h o w to fin d these lobs and H ow to g et th e in te r­ view s. Send y o u r resum e to d a y o r c a ll n o w fo r a n o 
.cost o r o b lig a tio n in te rvie w . 

N o t a p l a c e m e n t a g e n c y ! rn rn rn ^ b e r n a r d 
H a l d a n e fa c e is*/ a s s o c ia te s 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
C entury Bldg., 84 NE Loop 4 IC 
Suite 275 West / Dept. E 
(5 1 2 )3 4 2 3166 
San A n to n io . Texas 78216 
A ls o H o u s to n and Dallas. 
Cable EXECUTIVE 
Regional offices Breton/Chicago 
Cleveland Dallas / Detroit Houston 
Los Angelo San Eranrisco/Tampa 
NewVprk / Philadelphia Washington 

AUDIO VISUAL 
SERVICES 
TECHNICIANS 

Graphic Illustrators 

Graphic Artists 

Still Photographers 

Film libations 

Filni library Workers 

A udio V isual Equipment 

M aintenance Technitioos 

McGregor 8 Weiner Int . a nationwide graphics and audio visual services firm is preparing a proposal for operation of the Kelly AEB 
Audio Visual Senores tenter 
Interviews for applicants will be conducted on April 25, 26. 
27 Only experienced oudm visual technicians will be considered for ap pointment, call 
Mr 
Tom 

Omwiddie or Mr 8ob Krng, ofter 2 p m on April 25 ot 
674 32oo 

Equal Opportunity imployer 

Ar ★ ★ ★ ★ ifitifit-kit kit"it 
I ELECTRONICS J 
J INSTRUCTOR J 

J 8 5. Degree (Masters preferred), 4 

^minim um 
3 years recent ex - J 

 licupotionol experience in electronics,^ 

♦strong Math barkground! Start Fall#- 

^Semester. An Affirmative Action ♦ 

^Employer 
Apply 6 
( 
Hngue, T 

4 President 
BEE COUNTY fOUEGE.J 

♦ Route One, Beeville. IX 781o2 
6 k k k k T k k k k k t r W k W 
W 

PERSONNEL 
SERVICE 

PETROLEUM INDUSTRY 

Sr. Production In g n r ............................................................... S2o-27K 
Sr. Drilling In g n r....................................................................... S2o-27K 
Geologisr-T* coast e xp .....................................................................$2oK 
Mgr. facilities BSH, e x p ...................................................................S2oK 
Drilling supv. IO yr. e xp ...................................................................WOK 
ALL FEES PO. CALL RAY 3 4 9 -3 4 5 1 

4 1 o Place, Suite 14o, 6 3 2 2 Sovereign Drive 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore a 'cepied on the premise thor lobs of tered will be hied on the basis ol merit without discrimination because of sex unless the (ob cs a bongfide oc eupationo! quoWtcation 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES the Son Antonio Pnvote Employment 
Association hos o rigid (ode of Ethics ta which all its private employment agency members subscribe h r in formation obout privote employment agencies, or onion on complaints, coll 
224 78o2 at the 
Better 
Business 
Bureau 

Clinical Psychologist 
P H D in c lin ic a l o r c o J V is e lin g p sych o lo g y fro m a c c re d ite d p ro ­ g ra m I y e a r p o s t d o c to ra l s u p e r­ vised c lin ic a l e x p e rie n c e . A d m in - is te r, in te rp re t, p s v c h o d io g n o s tic , te s t; E x p e rie n c e in in d iv id u a l g ro u p fa m ily th e ra p y , c o u r t c o r­ re c tio n c h ild re n W illin g to o b ta in 
New M exico c e rtific a tio n S a la ry 
*14,916 $19,992 

PRODUCTION 
SCHEDULER 

Must hove extensive background in e Invenioiy Control (raw mater roh. work in process ond finish goods) 

• Material handling requirements 
• Production control 
Prefer manufacturing background 

Send resum e in strict confidence to Mr. Charles E. Holt 
Ace Mfg. Company 
4 o 2 W Nuevo io n A n to n io , Tx 78285 equal opportunity employer 

Psychiatric 
Social Worker 
M SW rn p s y c h io tric s o c io l w o rk p lu s m in im u m 3 v e o r s D o s t g ra d u a te d ir e c t c lin ic a l e x p e r ­ ie nce in in d iv id u a l-g ro u D fa m ily th e ra p y - c o u rt c o rre c tio n s . B ilin a u d (S o on ish ) w ith k n o w le d g e o f s o u th w e s te rn c u lt u r e s . S a la r y t l 2.888 S16.44o D e a d lin e 5-1o-77. 
Send resum e to 
P E R S O N N E L O F F IC E R 
SOUTHWEST M ENTAL 
HEALTH CENTER 
575 N M A IN 
LAS 
C R U C E S, 
N E W 
M E X IC O 
88oo) 
E qu o l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

HOSPITAL 
DIETITIAN 

Must be graduate of approved senior college or unrversrty with motor in foods ond nutrition 
Must have completed AOA ap proved internship ond must be 

'egistered by ADA The salary is 
SI 2.816 

Contact Personnel Office 

San Antonio State Hospital 
532-881 I 

 e q u al o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 
CAIL JOHN VEST 
8 2 6 -9 6 7 1 

 fOR 1oCAI & AUSTIN 
AREAS 

CIVIL 
D egreed, 
3 
• 
IO yrs expr. 
Sub - div. S I 4 - 
24K 
BSEE's 
A n a lo g 
& o r 
D rg'tal, com puter design expr a plus 
$ 1 8 
- 
24K 
Sup­ ervisor expr 

BSEE'S 
Entry 
Ivl, 
$ 1 2 
- 
16K. m icro processors, o - 2 yrs. 

BSME'S 
Q u a lity c o n tro l in m fg o f engines o r radio s, mgmt expr. $ 1 6 - 2 oK . 

BSME 
Aeon, 
H tg , 
Plumbing. 
M ust be P E ., 
I yr 
+ design e xp r, con­ struction. $ 16 - 25K . 

ESCHE 
Process e n g r, chem plant 
$ 2 o - 25K 

PETR. ENGRS. 
Texas 
& 
S W , 
$ 2 o - 
3oK 

FOR GUIF COAST 

BS ENGRS 
N a vy w e apons, Mk 116 , or 
H ydraubcs design expr $ 2 o - 24 6K 

PROGRAMMERS 
Acctg, m fg , insurance, ban king, od 
& gas 
C obol, ole 
3 6 o '3 7 o ex- p d $ I 2K • 24K 

LANDMEN 
2 or m ore yrs expr, to 
S 28K . 

PARTIAL LIST O N LY ! For further in fo rm a tio n call 
John Vest 
LOCKE EMP­ 
LO YM EN T SERVICE. 
826-9671 
2 4 4 6 Ceegee St. 

L IA IS O N E N G IN E E R 
Fee od 
• 
1? now , re s t re im b u rs e d 6 twos SA bose, Co. a u to , m u ltip le b e n e fits 
$16,ooo C o ll Lee B a k e r, 341 2551 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t S e rv ic e 1o2 R e e fn r 
MED. ACCTS MGMT 
734-o731 
P ro fe s s io n a l b ill c o lle c to r needed w ith p a s t e xp e rie n c e . C hance to r a d v a n c e in m g m t. P lease no c o p lic a t io n s , ju s t r e s u m e s . F o r a p p t c o ll b etw een 9am 5 pm , a s k fo r R a lp h A nd e rson 

PHARM ACIST 
W a n te d . E x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity in d ru q s o n ly s to re . N o n ig h ts o r 
S u n d a ys. S a la ry , bonus o nd b e n ­ e fits . C o n ta c t: D on R o be rts 
R T M E N T E R P R IS E S 
P O B ox 12o3 
A b ile n e . T e xas 796o4 
P H A R M A C IS T n e e d e d f o r I n ­ d e p e n d e n t B e t o il P h a r m a c y . 
E x c e lle n t s a la ry , send p e rtin e n t in fo rm a tio n to th e E x p re s s N e w s 
B ox No. 4335 

P ro fe s s io n a l E x e c u tiv e 
C o n su lta n ts In t'l 
P e rs o n n e l C o nsu lta nts 
6243 IM IO, Suite 44o 
512-736 2263 

ASSISTANT 
OFFICE M ANAGER/ 
BOOKKEEPER for large nan business tom pony located near Harlingen, 
Tx 
(FA or 
Accounting ex penence involving gins, elevons, form 8 ronch, a necessity Must be oble to get clong well with people 
Knowledge of Sponish helpful 
Send resume to 

25o ALTA P U ZA 

CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78411 

Q U A L IT Y C O N T R O L : $2oK fee p a id ' 
S u p e rv is o ry 
M E d e g re e , m e ta llu r g ic a l p ro ce ssin g , a ir c r a ft e n g in e m fg 'r o r s e rv ic in g b k r d 
F ie n b e n e fits To m Snow, 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G 8 S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t S ervice IO? R e c to r 

SERVICE 
M ANAG ER 

D y n a m ic s e r v ic e o rg a n iz e lio n re q u ir e s a p ro fe s s io n a l m a n a g e r e xp e rie n c e d in fie ld o p e ra tio n s E x c e p tio n a l c a r ­ e e r o p p o rtu n ity . C o nta ct J im 
W a ls h , C lim a te E n g in e e rin g , 
P O B o x 15283, A u s tin , T x . 
78761, 512 836-4646 

S ha rp e P erson ne l S e rv ic e 
6322 S ove re ig n O r 
S uite 14o, (512)349-3541 
S O C IA L W O R K E R A ID E 
F o r a d a y c o re ce nte r. F u ll tim e 
S42o m o n th ly p lu s c o m p re h e n s iv e h e a lth in s u ra n c e and re tire m e n t 
To s ta rt June 16 Send re s u m e to 
E x e c u tiv e D ire c to r, 351o N M o m , 
78212 
T E A C H E R S 
E p is c o p a l School In 
R io G r a n d e V a lle y ; 
D e g r e e re q u ire d , not c e rt 
K-8 
$7,ooo 
512 968 7o14 
TEACHERS! 
S p e c ia lis in g T e a ch e r p la c e m e n t 
S P E A R S P e rso n n e l S ervice 
2o7 J a c k s o n K e lle r_______ 828 i? 9? 
T h e E a g le P a s s in d e p e n d e n t 
S chool D is tr ic t is now a c c e p tin g i a p p lic a tio n s fo r the p o s itio n o f 
A s s is ta n t S u p e rin te n d e n t of Ad m in is tra tio n a nd In s tru c tio n Po s itio n re q u ir e m e n ts a re m u s t h o v e a m a s te rs d e g re e w ith the a p p r o p r ia te a d m in is tr a tiv e en i d o r s e m e n t; m u s t p o s s e s s a n d m a n ife s t th e h u m a n s k ills , m o n ; a g e m e n t s k ills a n d in s tru c tio n a l le a d e rs h ip s k ills n e c e s s a ry to r th e p o s itio n a nd should h ove the c a p a b ility e q u iv a le n t to th a t n o r­ m a lly a c h ie v e d th ru 7-9 y e a rs of p ro g re s s iv e e x p e rie n c e in re la te d , o r a p p lic a b le fu n c tio n s A p o lic o lio n s a re b e in g a c c e p te d a t th e 
S c h o o l D is tr ic ts M a in A d m in !* t r a tiv e O ffic e . B ox 14o9. E a g le 
POSS, T e x a s 78852. E a g le P ass 
In d e p e n d e n t School D is tric t is a n 
E q u o l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r__ 

S o n A n t o n i o ^ P R E S i S ^ N p W S — 
S u n d a y A p r i l ?4 I 977 

6o2 SAUS 
6o2 SAUS 
6o? SAUS 

GET A HEAD START WITH 
A TERRIFIC SALES OPPORTUNITY 
THAT PAYS YOU. 
★ SHAKY AND SONUS lo start w/Auto Allowonm 
★ $18,4oo,oo if you just equal our average earnings 

★ Over $49,ooo if you get up with our fop sales people 
★ San Antonio area 
W a are ©ne of the country’s most successful manufacturers of industrial specialty products and equipment. These are needed for maintenance, day in and day out, by plants, businesses, and institution* of all kinds. They MUST buy such products, 
MUST use them up and order ©gain and again. Our products are outstanding, lf you have enthusiasm, drive, energy, really w ant that bigger income, tho openings w e hove ore hard to top. W e TRAIN you, give you close back-up and are delighted to PAY YOU handsomely for results achieved. Sales ability essential, some experience desirable, in any related field. 

Call TERRY SEIDERS 
Monday & Tuesday for local interview 
S I 2 = 7 3 2 - 5 1 4 1 or write: 

® 
PURITAN CHEMICAL COMPANY 
67oo Woodcrest Dr., Austin, Tx. 78759 

M2 SAUS 

TOP SAHS 
OPPORTUNITIES 
CAU Vie SAHNI 
8 2 6 -9 6 7 ] 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

SALES REP. 

Notional compony requires 

 degreed individual for Son 

Antonio area 
Will train. 

Outside sales experience 

 preferred 
SIOK 
+ in ­ centive 4- expenses. 

SALES REP. lumber/millwork expe­ rience in sales required. 
Notional wholesaler. Son 
Antonio is territory $9K 
4- comm. 4- car 4- ex penses. 

SALES REP. 

Experience with a whole soler selling to retail essential 
Mgmt back­ ground also is necessary. 
Degree 
Relocation by year end. SI2K 4- car + expenses Fee paid 

INSIDE SALES 
Will order, satisfy customers by phone. 
Supervise M - E, 8 to 5 
S3.OO hour 

AREA REP. 

Female or male to service, merchandise, and su­ pervise. 
San 
Antonio travel M . E. National com­ pony. $65o mo. + ex­ penses. 
826 9671 
2446 Ceegee St. 

LOOKING FOR SALES OPPORTUNITY... 
CHAIIENGE...RESPONSIBIUTY? 

Join a dynamic young company whose growth has created the need for on individual with a strong soles background for the San Antonio orca 

WE ARE people oriented, progressive, fast and solidly growing 

WE OFFER Excellent earnings, retirement plan, medical and health insurance, paid vacation 

BUT MOST OF AU. o great environment in which tn wnrk and the opportunity for personal and professional growth 

WE REQUIRE a proven track record, on individual with the ability to communicate effectively, enthusiasm, the abib ty to build sound business relationships, a high energy level and a sense of urgency. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION PHASE CAU 
2 2 4 -2 2 7 1 , MR. DAVID 

ONE CAU 
CLOSERS 

G O TO WORK NOW 

IF YOU (AN UVE ON $?So 
WK FOR TWO WEEKS WE 
(AN HAVE YOU EARNING 

$ 3 o o 

$ 7 5 o 

P E R W E E K 

COMMISSION 

S Cosh Paid Doily 

S No Investment 

S Daytime Selling 

S Indoor Training 

S Field Training 

TAKE FIVE MINUTES TO GET 

OETAILS BY PHONE 

(all M on da y Only 

ROGER PELTON 

8 2 8 - o 7 8 1 

CAU EARLY!! 

P o g o I 7-C 

'SAI IR 
J L I 

INTERESTED IN NUTRITION? 
(RETAIL STORE M ANAGER) ' 
IF yo u a re am ong the m illio ns o f people w h o a re beco m ing m ore aw are o f p ro p e r n u tritio n . . . then yo u m a y q u a lify fo r a position w ith o n e o f the taste st-gro w in g re ta il chains in the coun try! G enera! N u tritio n C enters, Inc. has g ro w n fro m 

35 stores m 1 9 7 o o ve r 3 7 5 stores to d a y ! O u r e xpa nsion is e x p e rte d to continue a t a v e ry im pressive ra te w ed in to 
♦he 1 9 8 o 's W e ore lo o k in g fo r some ve ry special pe o p le to join our m ost e xcitin g co m p a n y1 To be successful w e need people w h o meet the fo llo w in g pro file : 
■I Knowledge or Interest in Nutrition i i Retail Soles o nd/or Management Experience 
■ High Energy level 
V Enjoys Selling 
■ Enjoys Helping People 
H Wonts Career Opportunity 
•f you feel the above p ro file p re tty w e ll describ es y o u , then w e ce rta in ly w a nt to ta lk w ith you. W e o ffe r a n exce lle n t s o rtin g salary and On e x c e p tio n a lly fine in centive pro g ra m as w ell as a com plete packa g e o f a ll frin g e ben efits. Y o u 'll also p a rticip ate in o u r c o rp o ra te p ro fit shorin g p ro g ra m as added protection fo r re tire m e n t purposes, lo s t, b u t n o t 
•east, you ll recede the finest tra in in g rn the in d u stry e n an e xpense p a id one w eek sem inar a t our h -o d g n o rte rs in Pit tsburgh, PA 

G N C is proud o f bein g on e g u o l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo ye r, and we invite o il app lica nts, in cluding those betw e en the oges o f 
•IO ond 6 5 to ap p ly 
APPLY IN PERSON AT 
GENERAL N U T R IT IO N CENTER c e n t r a l p a r k m a i l 

M o n d a y & T u e s d a y , A p r il 2 5 A 2 6 

1 o : o o a r n . • 5 : o o p rn . a r S e n d R e s u m e t o 

C 
H a r d ile k ; P O - B o x 1 4 4 4 7 ; A u s t in , T X 7 8 7 6 1 

 k k k k k k r k k k k k k k k 

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP 

 i WHY WAIT TILL TOMORROW? 

Let us s h e w y o u to d a y t h a t — 

★ You can learn our business 
4 Make more money 
★ Be successful in a rewarding career 
4 Continue present lob while starting your own agency on a part time basis dr Training and supplies furnished 
•4 Available locations in San Antonio, 
San Marcos and Fredericksburg dr N o investment 
F o r c o m p le te d e ta ils call 
Charles Manley at 656-8266 

| 
IF YOU ARE 
I 
J NOW IN SALES a 
I 
OR WOULD f 

* 
LIKE TO BE a 

SALES MGMT TRAINEE 
‘ l l , OOO to ‘ 1 3 ,o o o Plus 

Agency fee paid by then! compony Recently separate company grad* officer, lf nr (opt preferred Position involves complete training in sales mgmt administration. Income ond advancement opportunities ope tv-lo the individual seletfed expenses and automobile furnished Bilingual helpful but not required 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
‘ 1 2 ,o o o - M 4 , o o o Plus 

Agency fee paid by client company. Unlimited opportunity for ad mmistrative minded individual with successful background. Our client is a manufacturer and wholesaler of consumer products and is seeking an aggressive individual who is profit conscious and results orientated Auto ond expenses provided 
By Appt. Only 

U H jm itJ M O lt (Em ploym ent ffrr n m r 

1259 Jackson Keller 
342-2391 

 and hove lived rn Son Antonio 2 or more years, you may qualify for up fo SHOO per month salary PIUS eom commission in excess of that salary. Start this career with a 3 week training school in either Dallas, Kansas 
^ City or 
Tallahassee 
All transportation ond other costs 

 paid by IDS ... PIUS a solary while you are at the school 

We invite you, mar. or woman. to sit in on an introductory class 
- then you con judge if a career in financial services is for you. 

APPLIANCE SALES 

We Have An Opening For A Person Interested in Making Money In A Permanent Position. 
Sales Experience Helpful, But N ot Necessary, 

A s We W ill Train You. 

We are An Established Firm Selling America's 
Best Appliance lines And O ffer Top Com­ mission, Good Draw Insurance Benefits and 
Other Incentives. 

APPLY IN PERSON 
1o27 N.E. LOOP 41o 

: 
SALESMEN 
♦ 
S A U R Y ANO 
COMMISSION yL. 
^ 
Positions Permanent — 

4 
Immediate Openings 
♦ loco! Area — No 
J 
Traveling 
♦ Fringe 
Benefits Include 
+ Major Medical (overage 
♦ (Hospital. 
Doctor, 
Pres 

♦ triptm ns) 
J 
Excellent Training 

4 
Program 

♦ 
$25,ooo - $45,ooo Per 
♦ 
Year Income Bracket 

^ 
All Salas Mad- By 
^ 
Appointment u 
In Our (Your) OWite 
T 
Or 
J 
In Th? Prospects Hume 

-4 
Appointments Made from 
^ 
Office 

 sh 
Weekly Payroll 

♦ 
Our Business Is Growing 

We Are Moving Into New 
And larger Quarters 
+ We Need 6 Wore Good Men, ♦ jf. 
Permanently 
Th 

♦ (oil Mr Davis at 227 654o ? 
♦ 
Apply a l 3o1 Broadway 
J 
Suite 7oo 
J 
San Antonio, lex. 
J j 
■kkkkkkkkkrkkkkk 

Sales Reps 

Openings available in the 
Eagle Pass Area 

Think XFHOX if you have 

• Sound 
«*•«» e x p e rie n c e o» strong d e s ire rn sell, w ith p re fe ra b ly a d e g re e 

• H e a v y p ro d u ct a n d bu»l- ness k n o w le d g e 

• Sharp p ro fe s s io n a l selling skills 

• The p e rs o n a lity a n d to m . p e te rw e to m a k e let 

Think XIROX if you want 

• C h allen g e o n d o (h o m e 
♦o re a lly sell 

• Association w ith a young a n d d yn a m ic co m p an y 

• expansion a n d g ro w th p o te n tia l 

Think XEROX 

• and if y o u 're right fo r us w e 'll g iv e y o u on e x ­ ce lle n t s a la ry plus on in re n tlv e p ro g ra m ond 
Cringe b e n e fits ond p ro fit sharing 

Coll for Appointment tarry Heitman 
(5 1 2 ) 7 3 6 -4 1 4 1 
Mon 8 Tues. (April 25 8 26) 
1 P M - S P M . 
XEROX 
An e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r (m a le /fe m a le ) 

* 
CAREER 
5 
* OPPORTUNITY J 
I SALES TRAINEE * 

W e have positions available for people who are sincerely interested in securing their 
^ future. Our co is a division of a NYSE bsf- ^ cd firm, one o f Fortune s 5o o largest cor- ^ 
^ pompons in America, we are the largest ^ company of it’s time, and constantly ex- ^ 
J r pending 
People are needed to replace 
^ those who have advanced to management , positions. Aripliconts who are selected w ill ^ i undergo thorough training in all phases of 
^ our business. A soles background is helpful £ 
^ but not necessary. Although you must have 

•K 
* 
* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

 sales ability, a good appearance, be self ^ motivated and personable. This is a salary position with many company benefits in- eluding insurance, hospitalization and profit sharing. 

F o r i n t e r v i e w 
Call Mr. Marlow 

6 9 9 - 1 6 6 3 

¥ 
¥ 
¥ 
¥ 

“ IMMEDIATE” 
I Need 2 good people who: 

A Are willing to work 6 days including Sot. 8 Eves. 

B Not afraid to get their bonds dirty 

C Have high school education (prefer some college) 

D Need to earn o minimum of $8oo mo. 

E Desires the opportunity to advance into management 

Q ualified Candidates apply a t once to 

5 o 1 o West Avenue 

M 
M 
M 
M 
M 

LADIES & GENTLEMEN . . . 
Multi million dollar compony expanding in this area. Inter­ views will be held for following positions. 
SALES MANAGER 
$1 8,oo o-$ 3o ,oQ o first year 

SALES TRAINEE 
$ 1 5 ,o o o -$ 2 4 ,o o o first year 

Person', Hued w ill receive 
• V aluable a p titu d e & p ersona lity analysis 
• Extensive tra in in g 
• U nm a*ctied Retirem ent 

Please call M onday-Tuesdoy, 8 A M 6PM 
MR. CHUCK BOOTH 
3 2 8 - o 7 8 1 

T R A IN E E P R O G R A M M E R $55o. m u e t h o v e J v e o rs ot p r o g r a m ­ m in g fr a m in g . 5 d a y . p a id b e n ­ e fits . B a n k e rs E m p 
S v c ., 87oo 
C ro w n h ill, 828 6123 

6o2 SALES 

A g g re s s iv e A R E A S A L E S R E P to r e s ta b lis h e d te r rito rie s A u s tin o n d S o n A n to n io b a s e d w it h g ro w in g c o m p o n y in w h o le s a le b u ild in g m a te r ia ls . $18,ooo p e r v e o r 
F u tu re u n lim ite d 
P le a s e s e n d r e s u m e to 
E X P R E S S 
N E W S B O X 4382, San A n to n io . 
T X 78297 

L A N D S C A P E S U P E R V IS O R 
2 y e a rs m in im u m e x p e rie n c e , sa la ry open. D y n a m ic L a n d s c a p ­ ing C om pany. 
C R E A T IV E 
E N V IR O M E N T S 
INC. HOO S P O S T O A K R D S U IT E 
12o1, H O U S TO N , T X 77o56 

M E C H A N IC A L E N G IN E E R e s ta b lis h e d a n d g r o w in g c o m ­ p any needs d e g re e d M E w ith m in 
I y r e x p in m a c h in e d e s ig n . A s e lfs ta rte r c a p a b le o f p ro je c t re ­ s p o n s ib ility . Send re su m e to M rs 
H a rk in s , T e r r a in K in g C o rp PO 
Box 549 S eg u in, T x 78155. EOE 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
E X PRESS AND NEWS 

A n o ld e s ta b lis h e d c o m p o n y n eeds o lo c a l p erson to se ll o n d s e rv ic e in s u ra n c e in S A E x p e r ie nce d e s ire d b u t not n e c e s s a ry , p r o p e r t r a in in g p r o v id e d 
S ta rtin g s a la ry nego w ith o ra is e in 4 w k s C a ll 342-1552_____________ 

C LO S E R S O N L Y ! 
B ee r M e is te r o ffe rs *5oo w e ek o n d u p . A ll P re s e t a p p o in tm e n ts fro m 
H o i T V le a d s . N o c o m p e titio n 
S ta rt n ow . B ilin g u a l h e lp fu l. F u ll d e ta ils b v p h o n e . C o ll 494-1162 to d a y , a sk fo r B ob 
__ 

( 
Reply in confidence to I 

John Klekar 349-1763 f 

 between 9am*5pm 
» 
« 

Investors 
| 
Diversified 
" 

I n t e r n e e s 
, 

A P R O F E S S IO N A L P A Y C H E C K fo r a p ro fe s s io n a l lo b w e ll done 
Sell fin e h om es in Son A n to n io , fu ll o r p a r t - t im e - n o e x p e r ie n c e needed lf yo u h ove a y e a r o f col le g e , o r o re ta k in g ( o r p la n to fa k e ) a R e al E s ta te c o u rs e , o r a re lice n sed , w e d lik e to fo lk to you. 
F o rm a l tra in in g school + on-the- j lo b t r a in in g . W e s p e c ia liz e in f b u y e rs c o m in g In fro m o u t o f tow n w h o m o k e o d e c is io n in 1-3 d o v s 
D o n ’t be a fra id to c a ll o m a n a g e r now 
I N T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 p m 
} 

A s s e rtiv e a n d d e te rm in e d p erson w ith m a n a g e m e n t p o te n tia l need ed 
V e h ic le fu rn is h e d 
C oll 
349 6231___________________________ 
A S S IS T A N T M A N U F A C T U R IN G 1 
S A L E S R E P R E S E N T A T IV E fo r 
S on A n to n io a n d S o u th T e x a s 
N a tio n a lly k n o w n e nd re s p e c te d b u ild in g p ro d u c t 
No tre e lu n c h 
F o r in t e r v ie w , w r it e M ic h a e l 
K re m p p . P O 
Box 17921. A u s tin . 
Texos 7876o 
____ ___________ 

ATTENTION 
V a c u u m c le a n e r, book c o o k w a re , in s u ra n c e s a le s m a n 
C u s to m e rs nee d O U R p ro d u c ts e v e r y d a y 
H ig h c o m m 
P ho n e: 684 4947 to r a p p t K IN G S M E N M E A T CO 

LOOKING FOR A FUTURE 

• O ver $ I .OOO per m onth 
• $ 2 o o per m onth cor allow ance 
• M onthly clo th in g allow ance 

• Free h o sp ita liza tio n , including $ 1 o ,o o o lite insurance and a llo w a 2-w eek all expense paid vacation to the men and w om en w ho ore w illin g to give them selves a chance rather than taking a chance 
WAKE UP 

Don t d isq u a lify yourself* N o experience necessary • all you need is the rig h t a ttitu d e 
INVESTIGATE 

APPIY IN PfRSON MONDAY, APRIL 25 AT 7 P M 
HOLIDAY INN NW IHIO 8 VANCE JACKSON EMPIRE ROOM 
ABSOLUTELY NO PHONE CAUS ASK FOR MR. BURCH 

A u to m o b ile s a le s m a n nee de d no 
E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E LO R e x p n e c e s s a ry , a p p ly in p e rs o n 
E x c e lle n t e a rn in g s , p riv o te o ffic e 
Jo ke Sehuehle F o rd , in c H w y 9o Tom S ha rp e 349-354) 
W est. H ondo. T x __________________ 
S harpe P e rso n n e l S e rv ic e 
6322 S o ve re ig n . S uite 14o 
ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

A VO N 
W H Y P U N C H A T IM E C LO C K 
W H E N 
Y O U D O N 'T H A V E T O ’ 
B Q IT A U U IP ll 
A s a n A v o n R e p re s e n ta tiv e , you 
D l t l l n i l l V l u n m a k e y o u r o w n h o u rs ru n y o u r 
S oles people o re o m o ng th e h igh o w n b u s in e s s 
E a rn th e m o n e y est p a id In the w o rld y o u n e e d b v s e llin g q u a lif y ; I Im m e d ia te o penings 

GETZ 
EXTERMINATORS 

The oldest Pest Control rn 
Texas needs mature, responsible soles people We offer on excellent future, with good fringe benefits 

Apply 122 B. W est 
Rhapsody 

F u r n it u r e s to r e M e r c h a n d is e 
M o n o s *;', soles M a n a g e r, a toke c h a rg e , yo un g, a g g re s s iv e , re ta il genious W ill s h o re p e rc e n ta g e of net p ro fit PO B ox 4o213. Houston, 
Tx 77o4o 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
We ore seeking on individual who is interested in selling 
Heine varieties to retail grocery outlets. This opportunity for o career in professional selling ond management includes bose salary, bonus opportunity, Compony cor, ond oil mo|or fringe benefits 
A college graduate with some grocery soles experience is preferred, lf you ore o person interested in o selling op­ portunity, please send your resume in confidence to 
H . J . H E I N Z C O M P A N Y 
5959 W est Loop South 
Bellaire, Texas 774oT 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

 p ro d u c ts 
226 o941 
F o r d e ta ils , c o ll: 

4 DAV WORK WEEK 
E a rn $3oo p r w eek, m u s t be n e a t1 o n d p le o s o n t, m o d e lin g e x p e r e n c e h e lp fu l, c o llin g on b u s m 

2 We w ill tra m 
3. M u s t h a v e c a r 
. 4. We w o rk le ad s a c p t b a s is 
F o r p e rs o n a l in te rv ie w 
Coll 732-21o5 

EXECUTIVE SALES esses a nd p ro fe s s io n a l p eo ple in L a rg e In d u s tr ia l tra in in g o rg a n the Son A n to n io a re a 
C o ll Tom *»n*'on w ill e m p lo y e e o n d tra m 
349 J5oI 

ATTRACTIVE 

D O 
Y O U 
F E E L 
Y O U 
A R E 
W O R TH $15,ooo P LU S A Y E A R ? lf so. we b e lie v e th is w ill in te re s t you olso C o ll fo d o v 736 4426 
D eom e O w ens Co R e a lto rs 
_________ J e ffe rs o n O ffic e 

 o n e p e rs o n in the Son A n to n io a re a Send re s u m e lo 
M r 
Den son , PO BO X 26233 H o usto n. Tx 
772o7_______________________________ 

E x p e rie n c e d p e rs o n n e e d e d fo r s o le s p o s itio n w ith e s ta b lis h e d s p e c ia lty fo o d c o m p o n y 
P re fe r s o m e c o lle g e 
S o m e t r o v e l 

M a rk e tin g R e p re s e n ta tiv e 
W e A re L o o k in g F o r a B r ig h t 
P e rs o n a b le In d iv id u a l (p e rh a p s w ith c o s m e tic soles b a c k g ro u n d ) to h an dle a v a rie ty o f in s id e ond o u ts id e s a le s , p lu s s o m e o ffic e w o rk . B e a u tifu l s u rro u n d in g s e x ­ c e lle n t s a la r y p in s c o m m is s io n , a ll co rn o b e n e fits , F U R N IT U R E 
C O R P 
O F A M E R IC A 
656 6o55 
M S H o lm e n _______________________ 

IS 2 2 5 -1 666 f XPBtSS ONO M IW * 

 o e * /y w k Wb u v in o ^anti X n o V n n , 'e a u T re d G oo d s o io ^ v o n q ben p 
, 
’ _ ? , 
S H ib h n m L e m s M u s t be w illin g to re lo c a te to sssw^-js&sffjssi-r ssss-jsar^ssrJTac! 
ERA JACK MITCHELL 
532 31o7 

E M P L O Y M E N T C O U N S E L O R 
H o v e o d e s ire to m a k e $$? A re you a oeople p e rs o n G ood phone v o ic e e x c itin g c a re e r + u n lim ite d e a rn in g s . C o ll N o w ' M r 
F ie ld e r 
923-436o 
J o b s S ou th P la c e m e n t 
S e rv ic e 413 SW M ilita r y 

S u p e rv is o r, PO Box B B186, C o r- 
♦oHInn. T h 7sons___________ __ 

R E A L T O R 
FO O D R E P 
P ro m in e n t n a t'l co, co nsiste nt le a d e r c o c o r, lite tro v e l. 
*1o.2oo 
T o m 
Snow , 
341 25S1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t S e rv ic e 1o2 R e c to r 

15 225-1666 i XPBtSS AND N I W $ 

HAVE 3 OPENINGS 
FO R L IC E N S E D R E A L E S T A T E 
A G E N T S 
O u ts ta n d in g r e fe r r a l s y s te m in C E N T U R Y 21 
O v e r 
5ooo o ffic e s in N o rth A m e ric a 
E x c e lle n t c o m m is s io n s p lit, Cen tr o t lo c a tio n (B la n c o o n d L oo p 
41o ) C h e e rfu l, frie n d ly o ffic e Con 
B eth 
Ta te fo r c o n fid e n tia l in te rv ie w 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

SIOK to STANDUP 
H o rd -s o le s b a c k g ro u n d b ostc to tig h t fo r o m a n a g e rs h ip 
E x c e l le n t m o n ey on w a y up No n ights, w e e ke n d s o r tra v e l 
P e rs o n a lity b u s in e s s 
C e ll S n e llin g o n d 
S n e llin g E m p lo y m e n t S e rv ic e 
N o w 
N o te e 
341-2551 
1o2 W 
R e c to r D riv e ______________________ 

LADIES 
L o c a l C o m p on y w ill h ire 3 sales­ la d ie s lo re p re s e n t o u r c o m p o m v in the Son A nto nio a re o , m u s t be n e a t o nd p le o s o n t, m o d e lin g ex p e n e n c e h e lp fu l, m u s t h o v e o uto . o n d w o n t to m a k e m o n e y 
C o ll 
Tom 349 35o3 
M A N A G E R S A L E S M A N , s te e l m a n u fa c tu rin g p la n t. C h a lle n g in g p o sitio n fo r in d iv id u a l w ith m g m t a b ility ond s a le sm a n sh ip 
S a la ry b a se d on e x p e rie n c e o n d e du co- tio n 661 2316______________________ 

M A N A G E R T R A IN E E 
R a d i o S h o c k H o s o p e n i n g f o r col le g e g r a d u a te s in s to r e m a n ­ a g e m e n t tra in in g p ro g ra m . 
732 3612 ___________________ 

IN TMI (XPRiSS N fSVS 
CAII 22$ 1666 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
9 A .M . to 5 P.M . 

W e can train you to earn up to $ 4 .o o per hr. making calls from our ofFi.ee, we are on the bus l»ne and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady job with a chance for advancement please call 
MR. COLEMAN 
2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 

 cm equol opportunity em plo yer 

 t« o l Oilton of NoUoiiol Compony w*4> 
<r.«tiv«, gm w H m n w iM ko»4 .w knig, 
•nJiyiJlMil lo I4»»iity. mot! a r il tell an­ tu * ond ondorwar* an til* od w ritin g naodt tai*md pradvtti <md ta n ,a tt ta tap k iB H H i monoytmani. tom lor 
9>ti$nm*«h lotlewino training gonad. 
• lim ited Over night travel 
• Salary + Commission 
• Excellent opportunity for aggressive soles producer 
• Previous soles experience necessary 
Coli Larry R, Callicott 
FEDERA15IGN 
3 4 1 -8 2 2 3 
An Equol Opportunity Employer M ( 

M E D IC A L E Q U IP M E N T 
F e e od 
C an e a rn $23K firs t y e a r. S ta rt 
*!4 K 4-com m Lee B a k e r, 341 2SS1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t S ervice 1o2 R e c to r 

$8oo $>o5o m o Te ach e rs R e w o rd m g e x c itin g n ew fie ld 
S al fo r le a rn in g F re d 732 2191, 75o1 W est 
A ve 
Jobs N o rth Inc 
P e rs o n n e l 
C o nsu lta nts______________________ 
M U S IC A L P R O G R AM S 
C ity o r c o SHOO. *2oo c o r expeneses No n ig h ts C oll E ve Lon g. 341 2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t S ervice 1o2 R e c to r 

IH I NUM619 t o c a n 
I* 225 1666 
[XPBtSS ANO NIWiS 

N eed 4 sa lesm en w n o a re m e n ta l­ ly a gg re s s iv e o n d s tro n g to o re se nt o g o u rm e t m e a t p ro d u c t to th e c o n s u m e r d ir e c t . A d v o n ce m e n t fo r Ute p e rs o n s w h o p ro v e the m se lve s F o r in fo rm a tio n a p p t 
COM 349 6231 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
$ y rs exp o utsid e soles $1o-2oK 
1233 SW M ih to ry 972-2711 Job 
E x p e rts Inc P la c e m e n t S e rv ic e 
P A R T of F u ll T im e S ales P e rs o n to sell c a le n d a rs , b a llp o in t p en s a nd a d v e rtis in g s p e c ia ltie s W rite 
A p p r e c ia te d A d v e r t is in g . 5$6 
C e n tra l Ave , K a n s a s C ity . K e n s 
661o1_________________________ 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS c o m m is s io n to s ta r t, c a llin g on o u r c u s to m e rs C o r n e c e s s a ry 
M u st be n e a t ond c le a n c u t 
494-5812 
P erson to r fu ll tim e sales tra in e e p o s itio n 
M o s t h o v e a u to m o b ile ond w illin g to tra v e l to th e V a lle y a rv o one w e ek e ach m o n th 
349 5175 

PHONE PROS 
$ 3oo-SSCO w e e k ly c o m m is s io n 
R E A L IS T IC 
736-3123 ttj'W T T r gv",-; ffrw s 1— — 
CAU 225 1 666 

Page I S-C 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday April 24 1 9 7 7 

6o2 SALES 

EXPERIENCED 
RETAILERS 

We have openings for ladies ready to wear ladies sportswear or ennui ens wear dipt managers 
We prefer ex periente, but will train in our systems on appliant that has 
J related retail experience. 

It you ore currently an assistant dept, manoger or a head of stock, we wont to talk to you 
Some supervision of femole fit­ ting rooms required 

* FREE HOSPITALIZATION 

* GOOD SALARY 

* S DAY WEEK 
A p p l y 

LERNER SHOPS 
Mr. Prezlicki 

Windsor Park Mall 6S4-o1 IO equal opportunity employer 

AN OPEN 
LETTER 

Dear Unemployed Salesmen: 

I am grevioosly disturbed a nd distressed about your present status. Please call m e— rf you can satisfac torily explain how your last |ob or two got aw ay 
♦rom you, I might be able 
♦o offer the best sales op pcrtunity you ever in vcstigoted, a n d place you on our payroll by tomor row M ust have som e past experience in direct selling 
N o out of town travel. 
Call w e e k d ays 
9 2 4 - 4 2 o 8 

STUARTS 
Ladies’ Wear 

Has opening for experienced Assis tout Manager 
Excellent storting salf'y. folly paid compony benefits. 

Blue 
Cross-Blue 
Shield, 
Major 
Medical, pension pion, paid holidays, paid vacation, merchan­ dise discounts and more. 

Apply at Stuarts 
Lower Level 
Windsor Park Mall 
IO a.m.-9 p.m. 

AUTOMOBILE 

SALESMAN 

NEEDED 

APPLY IN PERSON AT 

TOM BENSON 

IMPORTS 

95oC SAN PEDRO 

• Art Equal Opportunity Employer • 

A positive progressive 
Real 
Estate company is looking for ayents who desire manage men!-who will back them up with training ond personal at­ tention licensed or we will 
'•ponsor for license. 
Call LOREN STINER 
341-1477 or 
696-992o 
HOHENBERGER- 
COLLINS CO. 

SALES OPPORTUNITY 

We ate looking for people in­ terested in pursuing a career in 
REAL ESTATE 
We offer an ex 
(ellen! commission schedule, plus extensive company wide training 
Cull for un interview 
3 4 4 - 6 2 o 7 
DE AMIE 
OWENS CO. 
REACTORS— M IS 

N, WEST OfC. 

I TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 

ESTIMATOR 
N e e d e d for m iscellaneous iron and structural steel toke off, to work in estimating and sales. 
C o ll A L P T O M E Y 

DRAFTSMEN 
M u st be experienced in detailing steel m iscellaneous iron w orks 
C a ll A R T H U R H A R T 

 stoirs ond 

LAYOUT M ECH ANICS 
Experienced in m iscellaneous iron and structural fabrication 
C a ll C L Y D E D U N A W A Y 

 steel 

C a ll (8 1 7 ) 2 7 5 -2 7 6 1 fo r In t e r v ie w 

SOUTHERN INDUSTRIAL 
STEEL CO. 
Arlington, Texas 

686 ADMINISTRATIVE riNANCIAL 
6% ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

*11 

DISPLAY TECHNICIAN 

Experienced D isplay Technician wanted for soft and hard line m erchandising. Excellent 
Em ployee benefits. 

A pply at 
Personnel 
Department, 
Lower 
Level at 
W in d sor 
Park 
Mall. 
M on day- 
Friday, 1o am -5 p.m. 
JOSKE’S OF TEXAS 

Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

• 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
• d r ♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
' 

R O 
B E R T W 
I L F 

 p e r s o n n e l a g e m c i e s 

 of San Antonio, Inc. 
Suite 34n 
First National Bank Bldg 
San Antonio. Texas 782o1 
(512) 736 2467 
PARTIAL LISTING 

LENDING OFFICER................................................ ta $3o,ooo 
MBA, Prefer 8 yrs. petro) & mme»al lending experience with large bank. 

COST ACCOUNTING M A N A G E R............................ to $22,ooo 
Min five years mfg standard cast exp Prefer electronics. Design and im­ plementation of std cost mfg. systems 

INTERNAL AUDITOR - CPA .............................................. to $17,ooo 
High visibility position Some speciol projects along with internal audit 
Operational and financial 

DIRECTOR Of INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITIONS to $5o,ooo 
Heavyweight in international acquisitions Will be responsible for all negotiations for acquisitions and divestitures outside the USA 

W e Protect C andidates C onfid en tia l S e a r c h 
NO CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 
WORLD S LARGEST FINANCIAL A EDP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 
Over 5o Offices United States, Canada 8 Great Britain 

I GIS - JfFICf t CLERICAL 

ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANCE 
PSE PAID 
$65o-7oo-1 
This compony has set records in their growth projections Hove you leached yours? lf not this may be your opportunity to do so 
FC 
Bookkeeping required along with secretarial skills. But most i portont is the required ability to administer ond supervise office workload Plush Northside Office 

PERSON FRIDAY 
FEE PAID 
TO $7oo 
This growing company needs a special per,on for their office. 
Someone tho! is o doer and con get sincerely involved rn the com­ pony ond its growth This flexible person will be using on 
(BM 
Memory typewriter 8 dictaphone, must be a good occurcte typist with good grammar and letter composition. Other duties involve their 
Group 
Insurance records, purchase order system ond handl­ ing clients. Horthside Iota hon 

GENERAL SECRETARY 
FEE PAID 
$6oo 
Well established compony needs a versatile person to type AO wpm, shorthand a plus, dictaphone, general office work Good fringe 
Benefits 

6o2 SALES 

SA LE S PER SO N oil and automo­ tive sales exp helpful, local com­ pony, co. insurance paid, salary, expenses and com m ission pro­ gram Call 226-31S7 for appt 
SALES, PRO OR NO $1o,8oo 
Any sales exper for outgoing in­ dividual, trainee, solid company, benefits, coll Mike Metis, 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

SALES REP 
Big money potential. Photogra­ phic background a m ust' Able to travel. Send resume to 
M K ASSO CIATES 
3718 East Willow Dr. 
_______Phoenix, AZ 85o32 
START NOW Local company ex- stereo technicians. Excellent pay 

$65o-5/5o IB M Technician ex­ penses p a id + com m . D onna 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North inc Personnel Consultants. 

LABORATORY TECHNICIAN 
Experienced in testing of soils, concrete and asphalt desired 
Salary open. Call 924-4266 for appt. 
I 

PROGRAMMER S8oo 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
J 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
$625 + T E C H N IC A L background unlimited opportunities. Sarah 
732-2191. 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

TELEDYNE SERVICE CO 
Needs Bench and Outside TV ond 

 to M 8,ooo + Good Benefits 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
RETAIL ACCOUNTING 

H e avy retail store accounting experience required. 
Report to Controller. O pp ortunity to advance. Height and w eight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential Send letter a n d resum e (no a g e n ­ 

 cies, please) or c o ll... 

M r . B r e n n e r o r M r . G r im m 
5 1 2 - 2 2 5 - 7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE C O M P A N Y 
118 Soledad, San Antonio, T exas 782 o5 

618 oFRCEI CLERICAL 
SIO OFFICE I CLERIC*? 

Come to the professionals 

Com e visit the professional con­ sultants at VIP and you'll not only find a job, you'll receive expert guidance that could lead to a successful career. 

O u r consultants know exactly how you can further your career and they know which jobs offer the best opportunities for ad ­ vancement. S o come to V IP — your future could depend on it. 

61o OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 
EID OFFICE I CLERICAL 

♦ ★ it Ar i t Ar A r * ★ A r * it 

 banding sales force. $2oo-54oo per week atter training. Rapid ad­ vancement to management sta­ tus Need transportation. Part time welcom e. 
R eferen ce s reautred. n o telephone inter- views. Coll for appt 349-4398 

•SUPERVISOR* 
•ROUTE SALES* 
•DISTRIBUTOR* 
SOFT D RIN K F IR M 
Salary + Commission 
Apply in person only to Pete or 
Arthur after 2:3opm at 4238 D i­ rector 
Dr. 
Texos 
Beverage 
Packers 
Telephone soles experienced on 
Iv State Peace Officers Conven hon Signs and Advertising. Call 
Zeke 828-534o 

TELEPHONE SOLICITOR 
Need 2o 
Experience Preferred 
IO am-2 pm or 4 pm-8 pm 
Good Location-No Fee 
C A L L P E G G Y 732 9765 
PARTIME 
96 Gill Rd Suite 25o 

 ond benefits with a notional com­ pany who is expanding in the Son 
Antonio area. 736-46o3. or come to j 1213 Basse St. for interview 
TV TECH N ICIAN 
533-o991 

SOB RESUMES 
R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W RITTEN R EA SO N A B L Y 
Econ-O -Resources. 82o4 G a r ­ dendale, 699 1o15. 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

$15,ooo UP 
Need 2 experienced closers. 
Proven market, high com m is­ sions, no out of pocket expenses, leods furnished 
736-3123 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Wa ara accepting applications far agr seon-to-open Walzem 
Road Office. Extensive in-hous* training program. 
For cen-, fidentiai interview cell 
Ned 
Telshew et 494-7651 
I 

 it a s o u r & 
V S im 

 it Anoas se ru t s of runt 
‘ *• 
P 
W x i - 

Wanted siding closer, leads fur­ nished. Call 734-7253 atter 12. 

BRANCH MANAGER 
SAVINGS ASSOC. 

2 or more years manag­ erial experience 

Excellent benefits 

Reply to 

Director of Personnel 

Alamo Savings Assoc. 
P.O. Box 17527 
Son Antonio, Tx 78217 
Equal Opportunity 
Employer M f 

S h a r p e s s s r - 

A crtg. C l e r k ...................... 
$ 5 1 6 
G enerol O f f ic e .................. 
$ 6 o o lo a n P r o c e s s o r ........................................................................ $ 7 5 o 
Finonte C lerk .......................................................................... $ 5 8 o 
R e c e p t io n is t ............................................................................. $ 5 5 o 
$ e c r e t a r y ..................................................................... 
$ 6 8 o 
M e d ical $ o t r e t o r y .................................................................... $ 5 1 6 
B o o k k e e p e r ............................................................................. $ 7 o o 
K e y P u n c h ................................................................................. $ 6 o o 
Travel A g e n c y .......................................................................... $ 8 o o 
3 4 9 - 3 5 4 1 
4 1 o P la c e , S u it e 1 4 o , 6 3 2 2 S o v e r e i g n D r i v e 

 it u n h ill 

 p e r s o n n e l s e r v i c e 
Suite 464, GPM South 
SOON W Loop 41o 
San Amonio, Texas 78216 
512 349 I 744 
I National Personnel Service 

 f 
EXTRAS 
EXTRAS 
EXTRAS 

Extra Money plus extra benefits! 
I High pov, paid vocations, instant 
‘ pay and tonuses 
TYPISTS 
STENOS 
DICTAPHONE 
GENERAL OFFICE 

1o-KEY 
PBX 

One year clerical experience our only requirement 

— 
N O FEE EVER — 

(all Helen at 828-25o6 for an appointment. 

8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 
(NORTHEAST) 

E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y P O S IT IO N . . . O n e of S A s leading newsm aker* will hire a bright, talented secretory with go o d typing skills to assist one of their young executives. Don I miss this opjbortunity to get in with this progressive firm 
Beautiful northside office, great 

 benefits. Fee paid. Call Sharon 
.............................. 
$ 7 2 5 

C A R E E R C A L L IN G . . . This is the perfect spot for the Accounts p a y /rec ond payroll bookkeeper with two plus years experience. Definitely a fast grow ing com pany that needs your go o d common sense and flexibility with some typing duties. G o o d salary increase Fee 

Negotiable. Call Joyce, 8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 ................................................................................$ 6 7 5 

L E A R N T H E IM P O R T B U S IN E S S . 
A beautiful new beginning for the person desiring o busy d ay and o solid career. Accounts payable, receivable, payroll, type ond proof invoices and correspondence. This position has excellent growth potential. Fee negobitoble. Coll 

Frankie, 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 ................................................................... 
$ 6 5 o p i u s 

D IC T A P H O N E T Y P IS T 
. . This prosperous corporation seeks the individual with excellent typing, spelling, punctuation, statistical ability and dictaphone experience to join the happy staff in the m arketing and research department. Beautiful office on the northside with no park­ 

 ing problems. Fee paid. Call Frankie 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 ................ 
$ 6 2 5 

F O R TH E E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y 
. . Ready to take on an extremely vital position, this most prestigious corporation has the opportunity you ve been seeking — You ll act os e x ­ ecutive secretory for Corporation Director of System s ond Engineering. Professional ap - pearance a s well as go o d secretarial skills will land you fantastic benefits including Xm as 

 bonus and a northside location. Fee paid Call Joyce. 8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 ........... 
$ 7 2 5 

G R A B THE B R A S S R IN G for on exciting free ride. An attractive, bright person will be trained by this law firm on M a g A typewriters ond will have the opportunity to step up to higher ground. Excellent benefits ond a place of your ow n are great extras. N o shorthand Fee 

 paid. Coll Sharon, 8 2 8 31 61 
............................... 
$ 6 5 o 

'J 
PERSONNEL SERVICE 

SUITE 41o 
18oo N.E. LOOP 41o 

WOMEN 
We are looking tor 2 m arried i women, need car, will train you now in the advertising field. Coll ! 
Don 349-4847 or 349-4397 
I 
W O U LD YOU L IK E TO KNOW 
M O R E A BO U T A C A R E E R IN 
R E A L E S T A T E AND THE AD j 
V A N T A G E S T H AT O N L Y R E D 
C A R P E T CAN O F F E R IN NW 
S A N A N T O N IO ? C A L L B O B 
W ANDRISCO 699-1133 FOR CON­ 
F ID E N T IA L IN TERVIEW . 
REO CARPET 
2x4 C A R E E R O P P O R T U N IT Y ; 
SA LE S T R A IN E E 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable 
• Payroll 
• G eneral ledger 

Solary commensurate with obil tty. Southwest SA location All compony benefits lasso Western Wear 
6623 S. Zarzamora equal opportunity em ployer 

SECRETARIES 
SECRETARIES 
SECRETARIES 

Temporary assignments are crying for your skills, long ond short time - full ond part time. 

NO! AN AGENCY 
NEVER A FEE 

C A L L O R C O M E IN 
Kelly G irl' 

A D IV IS IO N OF KELLY SER V IC ES 

4 6 o 6 C e n t e r v ie w D r. 
S u it e I 5 4 
7 3 6 - 2 4 5 5 

Sec-Aftorney needs you 
Fee Bd. $6oo Lynn 828-6494 
N EW D A Y P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

SECRETARY CORNER 
Marketing ........................$5o2 
Insurance ...................... $55o 
Ranch .............................$65o 
Medical .......................... $55o 
Trainee ................................ $475 
All northside, above overage secretarial jobs open rn pleasant surroundings. M an y more not listed. Call 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Svc East 
85oo Village, Loop 41o E 

•YOUR OWN AGENCY* 
Farmers Insurance Group otters complete training program and all types of insurance. Continue present lob while starting your I own agency on part time basis. ; 
Training and supplies furnishod. j 
For a confiential interview, con- j toct Sales M an age r, J e rry 
McPougold by calling 824-7573. 

694 TECHNICAL 

SE C R E T A R Y $65o 
Fee Pd. Lite bkkp. Super co 
Call Jan 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
S EC R ET A R Y : For trust dep t in very nice NS office. 4' i days. No 
SH. $625. Call Laura Hill, 341-2551 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
. 
S E C R E T A R Y F E E PA ID 
3 (c 3 )c % ^ e 3 | c ^ e 9 )c 4 c ^ e % 9 k I $625. Professional, growth! call w 
** Malva Black 657-1123 
TC r r r n r T 
I B 
V 
*ir Snelling & Snelling Employment 
* SECRETARY * .servic«82o3 Roush,sissL____ 
I T v S EC R ET A R Y : Insurance co will es* 
A n F n m n ti ii Y r 
Train peroon with good skills r o r A U T O m O O l i e £ far career position, advancement 
$6oo call Gala Connor 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G & SN E LLIN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
S E C R E T A R Y $55o lf you are a bilingual seclv 
Please call Kathy 684-868o 
Finnev&Assooates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 

ACCOUNTING 
CLERK 

Hours 8 A.M. 

 to 5 P.M. 

Monday thru Friday 

Knowledge of Bookkeeping ond Typing helpful. 

Apply in person 

9 to l l A.M. 

 or 2 to 4 P.M. 

Personnel Office 
Express/News Corp. 

 an equal opportunity employer 

Sugar 

S e a r s 
Inventory Control 
CLERK-TYPIST 

Must type. Full time, 5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation, 
9 holidays, ond employee discount on purchases. Profit sharing, retirement pion, group hospitalization and life in­ surance available. Apply: personnel office at Sears Warehouse 
Monday thru Friday 8 a.m. to 3:3o p m. 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity M Z F 

Sears Warehouse 
1331 N. Pine 

Sales Manager * mm 
* Typing, shorthand skills 

ROUTE SALES 

Opportunity available with wholesale baker. Will train Raid hospitalization and retirement, 

 base pay + commission. 

A p p ly in person at 
Mrs. Baird’s Bakery 

1 9 2 3 N e v a d a 

Mon. 8 Wed. 8 o.m.-3 p.m. 

 w k a re o n e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

AUDIOVISUAL 
SPECIALISTS 

We ore seeking Audiovisual 
Specialist* and supervisory personnel for employment rn the San Antonio o»eo Re­ quirements are as follows 

G R A P H IC A R T IS T S 
IL L U S T R A T O R S 
P H O T O G R A P H E R S 
A V L IB R A R I A N 
P H O T O L A B T E C H S 
A V E Q U IP M E N T T E C H S 
C L E R K T Y P IS T S 

Send resume and salary requirements to 

TSO 

1G8 Terwood Road 
Willow Grove, Pa. 19o9o 

( q u a l O p p o rtu n ity fm p lo y e r 

AUTOMOTIVE 
BOOKKEEPER 

Must be experienced 
I through financial state­ ment preparation. 

ALAMO TOYOTA 
8 2 8 -o 7 2 3 
Ask for Guy Hess 

Apply to 

Joel McMillian 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 Broadway 
223-4281 

* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

* 
* 

SECRETARY 
Must type tost and neat, shorth­ and, and have transportation. 
I Law office in new office building. 
, Call 826-o667 for appt.___________ 

PHO NE SO LICITOR experienced only Salary plus com m ission. 
Call Mr. Nichols or Mr. Street 
691 14oo 
_________________________ 
Presently selling to the educa- tional market place? This otter is a no investment opportunity to extend your present financial po­ tential with national company 
End result is lucrative dealership. 
Call otter 5pm 6o9 883-9239 ask for 
Mr Hughes 
R E A L 
EST A T E 
T R AIN IN G 
SCHOOL 
F R E E for individual* interested in a career in real estate 681-o66o. 
RED CARPET 

DATA TECH/ 
ENGINEERING 
AIDE 

W o rk in g kn ow ledge of autom obiles and basic math required. Technical writing ability, som e b ookkeep ing and typing experience desirable. 
Coll 684-231o Ext. 291 
Automotive Research 
Associates, Inc. 

Equal O pportunity 
Em ployer M / F 

REAL ESTATE CAREER 
We are accepting applications from both licensed and unlicensed persons due to expanding busi­ ness. Training by a professional staff. Coli Roy Teal or Ruby Zion for confidential interview . 
341-2222, 6651 San Pedro 
Century 21 
R A Y T EA L , R E A L T O R S 
RETAIL MCR TRNEE 
$7K + bonus, relocate so Tx l",33 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 

$6oo Route Sale s $12oo 
•Fee Reimbursed 
Natl Co. trains beginners 21 up future + John Hampton 923-436o 
Jobs South Placement Service 413 
SW Military 

INDUSTRIAL 
ENGINEERS 
RELOCATION 8 FEES PAID. Several openings iii South texas and in the Southeast for Engr*, with cut ond sew apparel experience Our client is a national brand multiplant manufarturer offering excellent opportunities. 
Send resume with current salary in complete confidence to fay fehrenbach 
MAU, Inc., Georgia 
Railroad Bank Bldg., 
Augusta, GA 3o9o2 
(4o4) 722-68o6 

ACCO UNTING C L E R K . Comple­ tion of college fundamentals of accounting + I yr office exp. de­ sired. Please call 674-141o South­ west Foundation for Research & 
Education. We are an equal opportunity employer_________ 

ACCT B K K P R $6oo 
Fee nego. Entry level, some COL 
LEG E, call Carol 684-868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 
Bkkpr Exp. Plush NS $6oo 
Fee Pd. Hurry! Lynn 828-6494 
NEW DAY P E R SO N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

CORP. ACCOUNTANT 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc Placement Service 
CPA 
2-3 Years Experience 
SI 3,ooo-SI 5,ooo 
LOCAL CPA FIRM 
828-6281 
F IE L D R E P Natl commercial 
Credit corp, tost advancement, car 
$84oo call Phil Arroyo 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G & SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
M A N AG ER Fast growing 
Co will train in retail, rapid advancement, unusual business, 
$78oo call Dan Daniels 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G & SN E LL IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
M A N AG ER T R A IN E E $55o 
Aggressive you lands self starting posiion 
Call Jan 828-6494 
NEW DAY P E R SO N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

MOR TRAINEE S9Qo 
Need sales mgr trainee, business oriented, will train if sharp and aggressive. Salary +fee reim ­ bursed. Call 657-1212 
Bonner Personnel Svc East 
85oo Vilcloge, NE Loop 41o 
POSITIONS O P EN NOW 
Mortgage loan clerk ...........$6oo 
Teller, exp.............................. $6oo 
Secty. Bank Exp ..................$65o 
Billing Clerk ..........................$52o 
B E L L Employment Agency 
824-7485 
46oo Broadway 

 qJLg 
( 

ADMIN. S E C R E T A R Y With Oil CO 
Experience needed immediately 
Fee pd. $7oo+ Call Lynn 828-6494 
New Day Personnel Consultants 
_______ 9o1 NE LOOP 41o_______ 
ADM IN S E C R E T A R Y $765 with fascinating socio-medical organ­ ization. Call Laura Hill, 341-2551 
SN ELLIN G & SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
ADM IN SEC T V $7,8oo 
Mental health field. Great oppor­ tunity for right person. Benefits, can Mike Metis 657-1123 
Snailing & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider______ 
$64o B K K R SEC Y 
Pd fee for figure flair, fine firm, call Carol 684-868o 
Finney&Associates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No325 
Casualty ond fire secretary, ex­ perienced, northside, call 342-4988 
Mr. Whitaker 

Secretary (2) positions at YM C A downtown ond N.E., good typing skills, office m achines, record 
I keeping, filing, shorthan d 
- preferred, good benefits. Apply 
; 9o3 N. St. M ary's 9am-l2 noon only. 
SEC R E T A R Y : Pleasant, real pro to handle corporate officials 
$75o+ call Kay Davis 732-2261 
S N E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
S E C R E T A R Y R E C E P T IO N IST 
Some college plus experience preferred. Typing 4o wpm with accuracy. Affective offices locat­ ed near NE Loop 41o. Salary plus fringe benefits, call 824-7487 tor appointment. Eauat Opportunity 
Employer 
S E C R E T A R Y , Southside, School 
Adm inistrative Office, type 7o 
WPM, varied office duties, a re- soponsible position for a mature accurate and dependable person. 
92+8551. 
SEN IO R S E C R E T A R IA L Position available with social se rvice agency, type 7o +, shorthand 8o, bilingual. Apply at 123 Ascot, 
92+5148. 

Super secty skills gets you $6oo and Fee Pd. 
Call Jan 828-6494 
N EW D AY P E R SO N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

61o - OFFICE A CLERICAL 

A c c io u n K T e rS v d Sle T ^ chine operator and clerical work l-9pm. Coll Sharon 226-4167 
A C C O U N T S 
R E C E IV A B L E 
C LER K , must type and use 1o-key adding machine by touch. Apply at H arris System Pest Control. 
123 E Josephine, Equal Opp or- lunity Employer 
ACCT R E t-P A Y C L E R K 
$55o + , ideal position, a d v a n ­ cement, call 
Carol 
Kleiber 
657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

SA LE S 58oo+Car allow 
Fee nego. marketing, advertising 
Degree, call Bernie 684 868o 
Finnev&Associates Personnel 
Con*uHants 5835 Callaghan No325 

A P P LIA N C E TEC H N IC IAN 
Vehicle and uniform provided 
583oo+ coll Dan Daniel* 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd 
CB R E P A IR M A N FCC licensed 
Call Service Mgr. 349-4465. 
SALES 
M ale or fem ale. I need sales managers and sales people, full or part time. $5oo a week com mission on part time, will tram 
Hill Country area. Call Mr. A n­ drews 512-796-8831 

DRAFTSMAN 

S A L E SM E N to sell Bibles, ency" 
1 dopedius, medical encyclopedias needed by Southwest Catholic 
Press. No experience necessary, we will train. Apply 2o6 San Pe I 
Oro, Roam 317 between 8 am-4 pm. 
I 

C ivil 
E n g in e e r d raftsm an, proficient in Math, surveying and 
Instrument man background preferred. 
San Antonio River Authority 
Coll Mr. Quiroga, 227 1 373 
Fee pd, program m er IB M 37o, cobol, 514,5oo 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349 1373 

IN TH I I X P R IS S N I W S 
CALL 2 2 5 -1 6 o 6 

PURCHASING ESTIMATING 
Expansion has created a new po- 
I sltion for one of San Antonio's 
I leading home builder. Initial re­ sponsibilities include purchasing, estimating, cost control. Some 
: construction experience desira­ ble. lf you ore a hard worker and looking for a future send your resume ond salary requirements to E X P R E S S A NEW S BOX 2622 
R EC P T Y -B K K P R $6oo 
Deal with foreign trade Bi­ lingual, call Carol 684-868o 
FinneyAAssociates Personnel 
Consultants 5835 Callaghan No32S 
Regional shopping center in Rio 
Grande Valley needs marketing- promotions director. Must speak fluent Spanish and English. E x ­ perience in m arketing and ad­ m inistrative skills preferred. 
Send resume to L. Crosby 18oo N. 
M eridian St Suite 6oo Indian- j apolts, lad 462o2. Equal oppor- I tunity employer M F_______ 

SECRETARIAL 
ADM IN ASST Fee pd 
Life+Health expertise, NS 
565o call Barb Kendrick 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

IS 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
IX P R I5 5 A N O N I W S 

City Ranch Sect y S65o 
I Secretary to pres, of focal co. + 
I ranching interest, good office 
: skills, know a calf from o heifer. 
I This position is for a self-reliant woman with good office skills and j self-confidence 
Bonner Personnel Service j 7o82 San Pedro 
82+9441 
COMMERCIAL SECRETARY 
EXPERIENCED 
I Needed to work at Main Bank A j Trust. 2 yrs bank exp. preferred. 
I Must be neat and welt groomed 
I and able to construct correspon- 
! dence, capable of independent 
I lodgement, typing proficiency in i the 7oW PM range, shorthand skills desired at 7o-8oWPM level. 
; All m otor benefits provided, i Qualified applicants only coil i Dw ayne 
A nd rew s 
225-6958 between 9-1 lam. Equal opportun- 
: (tv employer 
________________ 

DR NEEDS HELP $65o 
Busy doctor needs your office skill* to run his office, will train in medical if willing to learn Also need +handed dental asst, $65o 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 Son Pedro_________ 824-o227 
E X E U C T IV E 
S E C R E T A R Y , 
$7oo, good bonus, hours, benefits. 
Bankers Emp. SVC., 87oo Crown- hill, 828-6123. 
Fast growing construction firm needs a sharp gal tor general of­ fice duties. Typing and 1o-kev is essential, great position for ad­ vancem ent. A p p lic a n ts from 
Northside only, own transporta­ tion needed. 49+34o1. 
$7oo Fee pd, A D M IN SEC Y 
Career with prestigious company 
Call Jo Singleton 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
Ins. Exp. needed by Top 
Co. $6oo+Lynn 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 
Insurance secretary, exp In per- I c -.IT I« v?« T es O IH a d sonal lines or local independent 
E mployment Service, 96 OHI Rd. agency. Alamo Agency, Inc. Con- toct Mr Boles 732-51o3.__________ 
LEG A L S E C R E T A R Y 
Salary commensurate with abili- i tv, coll 225-55oo, ask tor Linda 
Ow en*.______________________________ 
Legal se cre tary, shorthand required, salary commensurate with skills and ability. 225-6586. 

MATURE SECRETARY 
Legal experience helpful, shorth­ and required. Call 
Mrs. 
Van 
22+9211 i 
OIL CO. N E E D S S E C R E T A R Y 
*65o+ Fee Pd. Lynn 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L i 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

ONE PERSON OFFICE 
All duties of small office) 
Fast raises! Type! 1o-key! 
S P EA R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson-Keller 
828-1297 
Rec pf, lo *6oo, fee pd, Nosidc 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century atty 349-1373 
_ 

♦ 
LE T S G O T O W O R K 
* 
Meed auolified applicants to fit! the following: 
STAT TYPIST 
• no sh needed, leal estate mortgage preferred, fee negotiable, $55o $6oo 
CREDIT COLLECTOR 
• aggressive individual, male or female, collecting for medical profession. Fee paid for right person S4SO-SSOO 
IBM TECHNICIAN 
Typewriter electronic calculator repairman ex perience required, $7oo+ car expenses and commission. 
Son 
Antonio area, fee negotiable. 
Calf Joan for confidential interview 
699-1o15 
ECON-O-RESOURCES 
. 
424o Gardendale 
Suite 1o7 
Specialize in Employer fee paid J positions" 

“PARTIME” 
“PACESETTtRS OF THE TEMPORARY INDUSTRY” 
O ffers the finest in tem porary assignm ents 
Choice locations, top com panies, vacation plans 

T y p is t s : Form letters 
D e m o n s t r a t o r s : Food 
T y p is t s : D ictaphone 
A c c o u n t in g : 1o key 
S e c y : 
W / S h o rth a n d 
B o o k k e e p e r : F 'C 
S e c y : 
M edical, legal 
K e y p u n c h : IB M Unifac 
Tem porary lo n g or Short Assignm ents 
NO FEE EVER 
A ll AREAS 
CALL PEGGY 732-9765 

>- M R T IN If * Iii 
96 Gill Rd. Suite 25o 
A cro ss from W o n d e rla n d 

★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ■ d r * * * * * * * 

KELLY GIRL 
NEEDS YOU NOW 
• Long and short term 
• G o o d Locations 
• Regular Raises 
• Paid V acations 

S e c r e t a r ie s 
T y p is t s 
C le r k s 
S t a t T y p is t s 
S t e n o s 
M a g C a r d 

NOT AN AGENCY-NEVER A FEE 

C A L L O R C O M E IN 

A DIVISION Of KILLY SCBVICES 
46o6 Centerview Dr. 
Suite 154 
736-2455 
(q u a l O p p o rtu n ity (rap toyer 
V 

TYPIST/ORDER ENTRY CLERK 

W e 'll train to operate tape perforating key board. Type 
55 wpm, to work evening shift 2 :3 o p m. • I L O O p.m., salary comm ensurate with experience, excellent com pany 

 benefits. 

To schedule an interview 
Call 923-7591, ext. 77 
Between 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

CLARKE/COURIER Clarke P rin rin s^ . 

51o1 S. Zorzamora nae k a g j tt3 C o m p a n y 

KEY PUNCH 
OPERATORS 
★ I years experience re- j quired 

A p p l y 
Personnel Office 
Downtown 
1o:3o a.m.-4:oo p.m. 
FROST BROTHERS 

LOCKE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
8 2 6 - 9 6 7 1 

Retold customers. $5oo 

SECRETARY 

 keeping 
- deal with 

TELEPHONE OPERATOR 

Receptionist, no typing, $433 

FUllCHARGE BOOKKEEPER 

Costing, $6oo, fee paid. 

TERMINAL OPERATOR 

Dota impuf machine, $6oo. 

EXEC SECRETARY 

To V T, top co 8 benefits, $75o, fee nego. 

PAYROLL CLERK 

General office - grow with co. South, 
$55o 

GENERAL OFFICE 

Acc Rec Payroll, $5oo 

ADJUSTER TRAINEE 

2 yrs college, speak Spanish, $515, fee paid. 

.826 -967 1 

ORDER DESK 

Toke orders, customer follow up - aggressive - outgoing, $7oo + , fee paid. 

CONFIDENTIAL SECRETARY 

One person office, $5oo, fee paid. 

BOOKKEEPER 
2 - 4 years college, 6 - 9 hrs. OC-,, counting, $8oo. 
..I 

MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST 

Heavy traffic • lite type, $55o. "* 'm 

SECRETARY 

Oil, gas or legal. Salary open 

OFFICE ASSISTANT i 

 keep files, order supplies, supervise, 
$6oo fee nego. 

FILE CLERK 

Lite type, $4oo 

SECRETARY 

 skills, will train, SS25 + , teen 
-ow ana 
BILLING CLERK 

Top Co $55o 
-o6\, 

Steno paid. 

2 4 4 6 C e e ge e Ste. 

NO FEE 
TEMPORARY 

Why not try working tem­ porary ond help beat inflation, long and short term assign­ ments available for high hourly rate of pay. Ail skills needed. 

TYPISTS 
IO KEY 

STENOS 
GEN OFC 

MCST OR MTST CLERKS 
Task M asters 
(EMPLOYMIW! M f VICI 
443S 
Of. 732-9616 

CLERK 
SALARY $595 
Must type 65W PM and have S years clerical experience, plea­ sant personality and able to deal with the public in person and bv telephone. Must hove high frus­ tration level. Apply in person at 
Personnel Office 
UT H EA LT H SC IEN C E C EN T E R 
77o3 Floyd Curl Dr. S.A. Tex 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
AD M . SEC . to co. buyer $6oo. 
Must be good organizer Donna 
732-2191, 2*o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

AIRPORT DESK 
$433 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise that jobs offered will be filed on the oasis of merit without discrimina­ tion because of sex unless the lob is o 
Bonafide occupational qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonio Private Employ­ ment Association has o rigid Code of Ethics to which all its private employment agency members subscribe, for information about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, coll 224- 
78o2 at the Better Business 

 bIIP M ' i i . . . - m r i i 

SECRETARIES/ 
TYPISTS 
We need top performers for tem pofory work all around the town. 
Good pay for good skills and a benefit package See how o steady flow of short-term assignments fits your lifestyle. Apply today. 
MANPOWER 
T EM PO RA RY S E R V IC E S 

63o Broadway 
224-9251 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

ACCOUNTING 
CLERK 

Experienced with cost collection systems de­ sirable. Will train. 

Coil 684-231o 
Ext. 291 

Automotive Research 
Associates, Inc. 

 equal opportunity employer 
M f 

Meet and greet people in busy airport $pot. Lite type, reserva­ tions, fun spot! Call 657-1212 
Banner Personnel Svc East 
85oo Village, Loop 41oE 

NS 

ASSIST B O O K K E E P E R : Chance 
To advance, fantastic benefits 
S57S+ call June Mathis 732-2261 
SN E L L IN G A SN E LL IN G 

B O O K K E E P E R : 
Growing firm. 
Quick raises from congenial em­ ployer. MOO. Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
SN E LLIN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 

ACCOUNTING 
CLERK 

IO key by touch, high school graduate, 35-4o wpm typing. 

Call Diane Miller 

732-9392 Ext 31o 

Equol Opportunity Employer 

ASSISTANT 
BOOKKEEPER 

Advertising 
Agency 
• 
Downtown. 
Excellent 
Opportunities - many company benefits. 
Call Mrs. Germer 
227-3454 

A S S T B O O K E E P E R : No P L or statements. Only I ledger. $6oo plus. Call Cathy Crain, 341-2551 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 

••BANK JO BS** 
Teller trainee ....... 
Teller ................. 
Receptionist ......... 
New Accounts ...... 
Executive Secretary 
Keypunch 

S465 
$55o 
$5oo 
$475 
$7oo 
55oo 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 5an Pedro___________ 828 9441 
BANK T R A IN E E Career optv." 
Advance with fast growing firm 
$425+ call Julie Mathis 732-2261 
S N E L L IN G 4 SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

BILLING CLK $3.25 
2 yrs exp. ID-key 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts inc. Placement Service 

IS 225-1o66 t x pet SS ANO NIW S 

B O O K K E E P E R : 
Basically 
A P A R . little secretarial. Benefits, 
565o. Call Linda Black. 341-2551 
S N E LL IN G & SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
BOOKPR 565o F E E PA ID 
Key position, private office, con- genal group, good benefits call 
Terri Todd 657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
C A R E E R M IN D E D 
Looking for exciting future? 
Join us as a counselor. We 
Also complete training in all 
Phases of the private employment 
Field. Call 828-6494 New Day 
Personnel Consultant 9o1 N E 
___________ Loop 41o____________ 
C A SH IER 
Self starte r-prom otes w ithin super co. Jan 828-6494 
NEW D A Y P E R SO N N E L 
Consultants 9o1 N E Loop 41o 
C L E R IC A L D R E A M *525 fee pd! 
Hi-class office, flexible hours. 
Coll Linda Black, fast! 341-2551 
S N E LL IN G A SN E LLIN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector t \ m vniurw am rA h------ 

FEE PAID 
Receptionist 
$5oo + 
Work in personnel of nat l com­ pony, answer busy phone ond worlc closely with people. Type 
SOwpm, 6 months to I yr office exp. 
General Office 
$52o + 
Tyoe SO wpm, capable of mok mg decisions ond handling very responsible position. Excellent raises ond growth potentiol and oil benefits paid by compony. 

V a s k M a s t e r s 
EMPLOYMENT HtVtCi 
4431 C*«ftryi*w Of. 732-9616 

C LER IC A L: 

DATA CONTROL CLERK 

★ Mondoy-Fridoy 

★ 11:3o P.M .-8:oo A.M. 

* Experience needed 

A p p ly in p erso n 

FORST NATIONAL BANK 

Personnel Department 
9 a.m. - I p.m. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Type 5o-55WPM 

Pleasant phone voice 

Full time position 

ABC Pest Control 
1oo22 IH35 North 
656-5o5o 

BOOKKEEPER 

Needed far REAL ESTATE OFFICE. 

Contracts, commissions, A R, A P 

 lite secretarial duties. Shorthand 

 preferred, but not required. Good 

 working hours, good co benefits. 

$ 5 o o to sta rt 

Call Donnetta of 494-5237 

SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT' $85o!! Top 
Employ) Excellent Benefit Pkg!! No 
Park ProbM 
GENERAL OFFICE!! $55o!! lite typing!.! 
Rapid Advance! Good Benefit Pkg!! 
RECEPTIONIST!! $55o!! front OeskH tots of Variety Goad location!! Peo­ ple Job!! 
ONE 
PERSON oEFICE! 
$65o FEE 
REINB!! Excel Advance Potential 
Run The Office!! 
AOMIN SECRETARY'' $68o! Top Empli! 
Super Benefits!! 
£ % (altMow R+9S54 I9M M 414 f e m 
AUUNCI Panama! S*m» 

IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
CAII 375 1666 

Like detail, work with figures, data processing, super co. 
545o coll Jo Singleton 732-2261 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 94 Gill Rd. 
4 clerical positions, $2.3o an hr. 
349-1279. interviews only Tuesday 
_ ^ g r il2 4 ______________________________ 

EJ L e R K T Y p i ST, P u rc h a sin g 
Departm ent, expe rien ce in processing purchase orders, ven­ dor invoices, accurate on cal­ culator, other general office du­ ties. M an utactu rin g concern, 
349-3771. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer____________________ 
C L E R K T Y P IS T , part time? bookkeeping background, SOwpm truing fen filing, tvping, preparing invoices, statements, posting to 
; accts. 349-5125__________________ 

 j College students earn extra in- i come and an additional skill. 
Attend training and return home i and attend college, attend month­ ly m eetings and earn from 
$49-$6o. Call the U.S.A rm y R e­ serve, 221-5331 

E M P L O Y M E N T C O UN SELO R 
Excellent earnings. Private of­ fice. Call Ruth Reed 82+o661 
RICH & A SSO C IA TES 
Employment Service 
684oA Son Pedro 82+o661 
Excel tent typist who can handle heavy detail, salary open. Send resume to Box ll78, San Antonio. 
Tx. 78294. 
______________ 
Experienced Statistical Typist) lite bookkeeping, for CPA office. 
222-9521.________________ 
Fee pd, accounts payable bkkpr, furniture exp helpful, to $9,6oo 
Century Placement Service 
153 W Century Bldg 349-1373 
F E E P 6 $625! This NS co needs you if you like figures, use 
1oK! Top spot! Kitty Kirk, 341-255 
SN E LLIN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 

$425 Gen Office $575 
Type 4o! Varied duties! South- 
North. Jim Snowe 923-4369 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
Military ibOO G IRL F R Im A Y 56oo Need energetic friendly worker. Cindy 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc Personnel Consultant*. 
In su ran ce age ncy needs in- dividual with personal lines in­ surance experience. Call Beery 
Agency 349-4494 
INSURANCES- Good typist, di< ta phone, basic knowledge key rates and fire record application. Tran­ sportation n e ce ssa ry. Jack 
Maguire or Jim Deegeor, 227-1481 
IN SU RAN CE R A T E R : Fee pd 
NS co seeks personal lines, exp. 
$75o, calf Barb Kendrick 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 

INSURANCE TRAINEE SATS 
Learn to be $7oo rater, no type, filing, phones. T raining better than a college education. Call 
657-1212 
Banner Personnel Svc East- 
85oo Village, Loop 41oE 

INVENTORY CLERK 
I person! I 
> benefits t ocemettfs 

FLY ME 
Fun job at airport, meet 
* uniforms 

DEPT ASST $5o6 
Type 6o, 2 yrs ofc exp 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
Pl ACI YOUR WANT AO 
IN THI I XPRT SS ' NZW* 
CAII 525 1666 

 greet, type 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 Son Pedro___________824-9441 
G E N E R A L O FFIC E: National 
Co , good local, learn new skills 
$475 call Kathy Starnes 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 GIII Rd. 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E $475 
Earn while learning $5$. trainee 
Call Barbara Kendrick 732-2261 
SN E LL IN G A SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Bd 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E $58o 
~ 
Well known company, diversified duties, good benefits, train, call 
Terri Todd 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

Mature, stable person) Type, IO key! Good co benefits! Gloria 
82+o227 Job Placements Employ­ ment Service 5316 San Pedro 
K E Y 
P U N C H 
O P E R A T O R 
$4oo-$45o-eve shift career oast. 
Rosie 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs 
North inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants. 
MATURE, E X P E R IE N C E D 
B O O K K E E P E R T Y P IST n(j for small organization downtown.! furnished, "lite 
Double entry hand bookkeeping for ranching, oil and gas opera tor. 227-312o 

$433 

OFFICE BE6INNER $433+ 
Lite type, will train sharp person willing to learn and wonting pres­ tige office to train in Call 457-1212 
Banner Personnel Svc East 
85oo Village, Loop 41oE 
O FFIC E C L E R k *575 
Train, tight bookkeeping, merit raises. Colt Malva Black 657-1123 
Snelling A Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 
O FFIC E T R A IN E E : Smalt cd 
Will train one with initiative 
$45o+ call Gala Connor 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 pill Rd. 

o1254374 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ADS 
2lin e s $ "W 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO™* 
/ 

N O N C O M M E R C IA L ! 
CANCELLABLE 
W IT H O U T 
RATE C H A N G E 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 r n OFFICE & CLERICAL 

JOBS 

General Office 

$6oo 

At least I yr exp of work exp, type 4o wpm and knowledge of godding mothine. Excellent post lion with growth potential Need immediately. 

Office $5oo + 

^/Type 4owpm, 1o key by touch, frost hove o good moth aptitude, 
»ill train on the lob All benefits. 
“fee reimbursed 

Secretary $65o + 

' type 
6owpm and some lite 
: xpeedwriting or shorthand or own r *orm at 6owpm Will be secretary 
S o personnel mgr of very large ooipany, all benefits. 

 t a s k M a e l e r s 
E M PL O Y M IN T SI I VICE 
J 
443S c»nt«rvi»w Or 732-9616 
I 

/ 

A 

PBX 

S EC R ET A R Y , General office, fee reimbursed. Eeon-O-Resources, 
42o4 Gardendale, 699-1o15. 
S U P P LY C L E R K $433 + 
Entry level, potential, national company call 
Carol 
Kleiber 
657-1123 
Snelling & Snelling Employment 
Service 82o3 Rough Rider 

TELEPHONE COLLECTOR 
Collection age ncy needs experienced telephone collector, no outside calls. 4o hour week, excellent sa la ry with bonus. 
734-7171 ACCOUNT S E R V IC E S 
Telephone Solicitor- part time 
[secretary wanted for home im- 
(prpvement company. Som e ex- jerience necessary. Call ofter l5pm 532-3197 
$45o-55oo T Y P IST for top Ins co. 
N S location-type SS. R osie 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

612 MEDICAL 
612 MEDICAL 
612 MEDICAL 
612-MEDICAL 

EM PLO YM EN T 
I.,- 
CO U N SELO R 
, f .tom $8oo to $12oo helping people '■ 
« an employment counselor and r-edvisor We need 3 trainees or ex­ perienced people now. loo mony ipliconts for our present staff to indie. 
BANNER Personnel Service 
7o82 San Pedro 
824-9441 
85oo Village Or. 
NE 41o at Starcrest 
657-1212 

O FFIC E T R A IN E E 
545o, 5 day, North nkers Erne. Svc., 87oo Crown- 
828-6)23.____________________ 
THE AIR: Radio dispatch- 
_ and some light bookkeeping 
$5oo Call Cathy Crain 341-2551 
1 
SN E LLIN G & SN E LL IN G feftiployment Service 1o2 Rector 

Old-time board! PA system 
* SP EA R S Personnel Service 
» 7 Jockson-Keller______ 828 1292 
♦eroetual inventory Control, am ­ bitious self-starter not afraid of 
Hyerk, 4o hour week, 2 years ex­ perience. appty 6127 San Pedro, 
Mrs. Smith. 
55oo Receptionist 565o 
M e ow type + phonet Lite file! 
Randle custom ers + sa le sm e n ! 
Need 2+plush spot. Oave Crisp 
923-4367 
Jobs South Placement 
Service 413 SW M ilitary_________ 

RECEPTIONIST 
GENERAL OFFICE 
IO kev adding machine and typing experience req u ire d , som e bookkeeping exp. desired. 5 day week. Excellent com pany ben­ efits. Apply Don’s & Ben’s 6oo3 
West Ave. at Loop 41o 
556oo R EC EP T IO N IST 558oo Ter­ rific co-ideal position. D onna 
732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

$43o RECEPTIONIST 
Type! Answer phone! Smile! 
SP EA R S Personnel Service 
2o7 Jackson Keller 
828-1292 
R EC EPT IO N IST: Versatile 
Public relation for fop co 
555o call Kay Davis, 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
R EC EP T IO N IST : 
Prestigious firm firm seeks outgoing personality 
55oo call Kathy Starnes 732-2261 
S N E LLIN G A S N E L L IN G 
E mployment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
R EC EP T IO N IST : 4o wpm. NE CO will train you to assist cred- 
, it mgr 55oo. Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
S N E LLIN G & S N E L L IN G 
* 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 
R EC EP T IO N IST . 4o wpm. N E CO will train you to assist cred if mgr. 55oo. Jo Gunter, 341-2551 
SN E LLIN G & SN E LL IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector f 
Recept-Lots of PR 545o 
Great spot. Lynn 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
€ • 
Consultants 9o1 NE Loop 41o 

RESERVATIONS 
$45o 
(Work af airport escorting people and making reservations. Fun job 
* for outgoing person 
* 
Bonner Personnel Service 
» 7o82 San Pedro 
824 9441 

I AICH & ASSOCIATES 
- .E M P L O Y M E N T S E R V IC E iF-C bookkeeper-Fee neg. ... 57oo oftener al office-tee pd ....... 554o 
Receptionist 
............... 545o bookkeeper .................... 565o ank trainee .................. 5425 
Service clerk ................. 545o 
/der clerk .................... 545o 
Agr. trainee bilingual ....... 555o 
Recounts pavable-rec 
555o tail clerk ...................... 55oo 
;jr Secretary .................. 5565 
(Warehouse .................... open fCashiers ....................... 54oo 
(Credit clerk .................... 555o t 
684oA Son Pedro 826-o661 

SEC BOOKKEEPER 
N ortheast area R e cre ation al 
Vehicle dealer needs clerical em­ p lo ye e with expe rien ce with payroll financial statements and other related bookkeeping and 
^office duties. Must type at least 
'4oWPM, 4o hour week, new facili­ ties. ideal w orking conditions, salary commensurate with ability 
■amt experience. 653-4161.________ 

R.N.’s - R.N.’s - R.N.’s 
“M AKE A W ISE DECISION” iiro 
It M D . 
A N D E R S O N 
H O SPIT A L 
A N D 
T U M O R 
INSTITUTE, 
H O U S T O N , TEXAS, is adding a new 3 o o bed facility! W e need nurses with clinical and administrative experience as welt as new graduates. This is an exceptional opportunity for pro­ fessional growth and advancement in the field of O ncology 
Nursing. 

*i 
W e invite your consideration to make Houston your new home town. To all qualified candidates we can provide the following benefits and aids: 

• A top competitive salary. 

• Good fringe benefits. 

• Educational Opportunities-— 

• Minimum 3 weeks paid orientation 

• In-Service Education 

• Bachelor’s & Advanced Programs Available in Center 

• Reimbursed transportation cost to Houston. 

• Sunny warm Temperatures. 

• Interest-free loan assistance to aid in relocation efforts. 

• Three weeks vacation per year. 

• Paid sick leave program. 

• Cultural, Social, and Recreational opportunities 

• Excellent Advancement Opportunity 

• New Triangular Nursing Unit Concept 

• Enjoy your days off at nearby Gulf Coast Beaches. 

“YOUR FUTURE IS IN OUR H AN DS” 
For further inform ation, contact: 

Nurse Recruiter, Personnel Department 
The University of Texas System Cancer Center 
M.D. Anderson Hospital and Tumor Institute 
Houston, Texas 77o3o 

A n Equal O p p o rtu n ity / A ffir m a tiv e A ctio n E m p lo y e r 

ATTENTION 

L V N or RN for office orivote scrub nurse position. Experience preferable, northsidc medico! complex, salary based on exp. 
Send resume to E xp ress News 
Box 4351 

LVNs 
IN T E R E o T E D IN 
P S Y C H IA T R IC 
N U R S IN G lf you are able to work 2 to 5 shifts per week, we need you! You will receive a full days orientation and be able to w ork d ays of your choice. No fees! Instant pay! Call 
Betty for further information 
Medical Personnel Pool 
1o19 ti. Main 
.-245885 

LVN 11*7 
Southern Manor No. I is looking for a full time tt-7 LVN. Supervi­ sory experience preferred. Con­ tact Tony Haden, M o nd oy- 
Friday, 656-78oo. 
_____ 

LVNS PART TIME 
7-3 and 3-11 
NURSES AIDES 
Part time, all shifts 

734-7271 

S o n A n to n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y A p ril 2 4 I 9 7 7 
P a g e I 9 -C 

614-SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS-TRADES 
614 SKILLS-TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS-TRADES 

M ED IC A L A SSIST A N T 
Busy practice needs help in back office, bilingual helpful 
DR. P ER SO N N EL M E D IC A L - 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg. 69o-991o 

PLANT 
MANAGER 
W anted! 

Heavy experienced in ladies better dresses and 

 sportswear. 
Must be bilingual and relocate to 

Laredo, Texas. Must be capable of taking care of entire operation on a pro­ 

 fitable basis. 
Excellent salary, profit shoring, company benefits. Send 

 resume to: 

Mr. Howard Daniels 

3 8 o 9 P a rry A v e . 
D a lla s, T X 7 5 2 2 6 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

A f t 

 i v 

CC 

Medical Assistant 
M u st be h igh ly expe rien ce d, bilingual, well groomed, above average intelligence. M ale or female. 
S a la ry open and adequate. Work in busy S o u th s id e family practice clinic. Send re­ sum e to R ud y M a rtin e z, 918 
M cKinley, San Antonio 7821o. 
Equal opportunity employer 

MEDICAL-DENTAL 
Positions ova>lable-many areas 
DR. P ER SO N N E L M ED IC A L- 
DEN TA L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
M ED IC A L TECH Ability to superv, clinical lab work, degree 
594oo call Phil Arroyo 732-2261 
SN E LLIN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, 96 Gill Rd. 
M ED LAB + X -R A Y TECH 
Exp-No reg.needed for this fine office position, M-F, 8-5 
DR. P ER SO N N E L M E D IC A L - 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
M ED R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Previous drs. ofc exp. fill the bill for beautiful Nside ofc 
DR. P ER SO N N EL M ED IC A L - 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
National company has opening for INHALATION T H E R A P IST to work with home patients. Contact 
John Gebhardt or Dave Kruger at 
225-72o) 

DRAFTSMAN 

W e are seeking an ex­ perienced draftsm an w ho has successfully com pleted mechanical drafting school. 
In addition to the prepara­ tion of detailed draw ings, this individual will also com plete parts lists. 
Bill and M ate rials and other engineering documents. For a personal interview, please apply at our em p­ loym ent office with sam ­ ples of draw ings. 

SHEETZ ETAL MECHANICS 

Continued growth of Swearingen Aviation corporation has created a demand for additional employees desiring careers in aircraft manufacturing. 

Swearingen has immediate requirements for experienced Sheetmetal Mechanics. These positions squire experience performing structural assembly and aircraft sheetmetal installation. These posi­ tions offer starting rates from $3.49 to S4.19 per hour, automatic 9o day increases, annual general increases, end excellent working conditions. 
OTHER C O M PA N Y BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

• Retirement Program 

• Insured Sick Pay 

• 9 Holidays 

• Tuition Assistance 

• Bereavement Pay 

• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 

• Group life insurance 

• Group Medical insurance 

• Liberal Vacation Benefits 

• Disability Benefits 

• Job Posting 

• Jury Duty Pay 

A Division of Wylain, Inc. 
4 2 o o N. Panarn 
Expressw ay 
Sa n A n ton io, TX 

 tqual O pportunity Em ployer 
M /F 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation in­ dustry. We are committed to a policy of promotion from within and offering employees op­ portunities for advancement based on their individual ability and performance. lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings and a possible future with 
Swearingen, you should apply in person ut the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Cor­ poration, International Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (come East on Bitters Rood past Blossom Athletic 
Center, turn right on NE entrance road.) 
SWEARINGEN^ 

PHARMACIST 

LVN’s 

AIL SHIFTS AVAILABLE 

NEW AND IMPROVED SALARY INCLUDING 

SHIFTS AND AREA DIFFERENTIALS 
EMERGENCY ROOM 
INTENSIVE CARE UNITS 

(GENERAL, CARDIOVASCULAR, MEDICAL, NEURO, & ENT) 
MEDICAL SERVICE 
O B-G YN 
SURGICAL 

(CARDIOVASCULAR, NEURO, GENERAL SURGERY, ORTHOPEDIC, ENT, & 
OPTHAMOLOGY) 
OUTSTANDING EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
THE METHODIST HOSPITAL 

6 6 o 2 F A N N IN 
H O U ST O N , T EX A S 7 7 o 3 o 

 e q u a l o p p o rtun ity e m p lo y e r 

For Westside Pharmacy Must be bilingual. 4o hour week. Hospi­ talization and p ro fit-sh a rin g available. Salary commensurate > with experience. Send resume to 
E x p re ss New s Box 4526, San 
Antonin, TX 78297 
_________ 
PH YSIC A L T H E R A P IST 
Doty to work days M F, offers greater potential advene, opfy. 
DR. P ER SO N N E L M ED IC A L- 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hilts Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
Qualified Technologist for short evening hours and call duty. Ex- perience in RIA. Call 69o 8792. 
REG. D EN T A L H Y G IE N IST 
51,ooo+ monthly, N E dentist list­ ing exclusive with us. Call Larry ' 
Banner Personnel Service 
7o82 San Pedro_________ 824 9441 
R E G IS T E R E D N U R S E with record of professional compe- ! lance and dependability to assist in busy doctor office. M ust be willing to work until 7 pm and occasion ally later. M o nd ay- 
Friday with full fringe benefits. 
NW Medical Center, reply to Exp rss and News. Box No. 4376, 7R297. 

£ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
* EXPERIENCED * 

♦ 
» 
* 

FOREMAN 

• Group Insurance 
• Pension Fund 
• Vacations 

A V / ^ T 7 o / V C 
O 
W 
P 
O 
R 
4 
T 
I O 
/ 
V 

A Su b sid iary o f Fairchild Industries 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

* s 
. t t y 

BODY 
SHOP 

Apply in person to 

Bruce Ridgeley 

SMITH 
CHEVROLET 

1221 Broadway 

RJI. 
7-3 
All fringe benefits 
Golden Manor 736-4544 
RN, D IR EC T O R OF N U R S E S 
Good salary, benefits, insurance. 
Care Inn of Seguin, 1-379-7777. 

RN $1ooo 
RN 
Wanted 
Administrator: 
Edgar B. Davis 
Memorial Hospital 
Luling. TX 
875-5643. 

Contact 

RNs and LV N s needed full and part time, all shifts. Non-smokers please apply Ioam -t2 H illside 
Manor 831o Gault Lane. 828-o6o6 

* " A 

♦ I 

* 
- 
* : # 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ w 

NEED IMMEDIATELY 

LARGE HOMEBUILDER- 

DEVELOPER 

Inventory control specialist. 

Experience in inventory con­ 

 trol o( building materials 

 helpful. Coil 

TOM HON 

655-442o for Appt. 

 i d ; 

 r n 

: ♦ 

I* . 

• r * 
H e a d q u a rte rs: Sa n A n to n io , T e x a s. D u tie s in v o lv e co m m u n icatio n a n d t w o -w a y ra d io re p air. M u st h o ld 2n d cla ss o r b e tte r FCC J _ 1 
R a d io License. j a i 

P le a se m a il re su m e s to: 

W.R. Wiley, District Employment O fficer:#: p.o. Box 1319 
Houston, Texas 77oo1 
: A * 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M f 
* 
* 

SOUTHERN PACIFIC 
TRANSPORTATION CO. has immediate opening for 
RADIO EQUIPMENT 
INSTALLER 
$1,5o6.92 Per Month 

AUTO 
TRUCK 
MECHANICS 
O p e n in g for experienced line M echanics 

★ G o o d p a y rate 
★ Paid vacation 
★ G rou p insurance 
★ Profit sh arin g plan & 
★ P leasan t w o rk in g conditions 

For intervie w call 
225-3o7o 

£ BODY SHOP PAINTERS NEEDED"*£ 
ITC f * 

RIUS 
MICU SICU 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS 
METHODIST HOSPITAL 

Has these openings: 
• U N S— all are as of experience. 3-11 and 11-7 shifts only. 
• SU R G IC A L TECH— 7-3 shift. M u st have training or certification. 
• P H A R M A C Y TECH— Experience required. 3:3o pm -m idnight. 
• A D M IT T IN G INTERVIEW ER — 
R otating shifts, m ust type 5o wpm . 
• DIETARY A ID E S— Full tim e positions. 
Requires experience in fo od service ana ow n transportation. 
A p p ly at 
Personnel O ffice 
7 7 Op Floyd Curl Dr. 

Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer 

TYPIST 
Good skills, gen ofc exp 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts inc. Placement Service 
W A N T E D : Experienced book­ keeper. Require person who can 
Work with minimum supervision. 
Salary commensurate with exp. 
828-5765 
________________ _ 

1x2 F E E P A ID 
You be the boss! Type occt 
Rec, phones. Need now 5525 
Coll Jan 828-6494 
NEW D AY P E R S O N N E L 
Consultants 9ot NE Loop 41o 

612 - MEDICAL 
>5o+ A ID E S FO R A C T IV IT Y 
IR E C T O R tor senior citizens, usie 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. lbs 
North inc. 
Personnel 
Misultonts.____________________ 
C H IE F R A D IO L O G IC T E C H ­ 
NOLO GIST, opening in private office, salary open. Send inquir­ ies, qualifications and experience to the E xp ress and News Box 
4379, Son Antonio, TX 78297. 

MEDICAL ASSISTANT 
INSTRUCTOR 

1. Must have some formal training. 

2. Must have minimum 
2 years experience in a Doctor's office. 

FOR APPOINTMENT 

CALL MR. DENNIS 

2 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 

ASCP TECHNOLOGIST 

Clinical 
Reference laboratory hos immediate opening in even­ ing shift for ASCP Tech with hematology, serology and blood banking background Min 6 yrs. clinical lob. exp. required. Salary commensurate with training ond exp. 
Contact Ms. Hickey 
69o-122o 
Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-5 p.m. 

D EN TAL ASSIST A N T 
Exp in assisting, X-Ray some office helpful, foe nego 
DR. P E R SO N N E L M ED IC A L- 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Ooh Hills Med Bldg, 69o-99to 

DISP O PTICIAN T R A IN E E 
Good clerical skills, desire to earn while you learn 
DR. P E R SO N N E L M ED IC A L- 
DEN TA L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

" I 

D EN T A L H Y G IE N IST 
Dr ready to hire personable ind. for two days a week 
R. P E R S O N N E L M E D IC A L - 
EN TAL Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

D IR E C T O R 
P H YSIC A L T H E R A P Y 
Opportunity tor licensed physical therapist as Director of Physical 
Therapy department in 45o-bed county teaching hospital. Super­ visory experience desired. Varied patient load, particularly trauma cases. Large new fully equipped department. Excellent benefits. 
Salary com m ensurate with ex­ perience. Rely with statement of experience to: 
P E R S O N N E L D E P T 
JOHN P E T E R 
- S M IT H H O SPIT AL 
15oo S.M A IN 
P T .W O R T H ,T X 761o4 
(817)921 3431 

DR. NEEDS YOU! 
Dental A s s t ..................... 565o 
Dr. Asst ......................... 55oo 
Medical Secy .................. 555o 
Receptionist .................... 5525 mony medical iobs open • call 
657-1212 
Banner Personnel Svc East 
85oo Village, Loop 41oE 
OR S R EC EPT : 56oo+our fee if you can type, answer 4 lines in tun office! Kitty Kirk, 341-2551 
SN ELLIN G & S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service 1o2 Rector 

R N ’s-L V N ’s 
Join the N a t io n 's L arge st p ro v id e r o f sto H re lief a n d hom e h e a lth care se rv ice s 

Call: 

224-2341 

HOMEMAKERS 
UPJOHN 

^ eq u olop p ort^ j 

RN’S-LVN’S 

ARE YOU READY 

TO JOIN THE FASTEST 
GROWING NURSING 
SERVICE 
IN SAN ANTONIO?? 

 dr Highest Rates In Town 

★ Daily Pay 

★ Staff Relief & Private 
Duty 
★ Full time or Port time 

Call 

N u rse fin d e rs 
73o N. Main St. 
226-6333 

We are providing supplemental staffing for critical care units in most of San Antonio’s private ho­ spitals, so you con work the days ond shifts of your choice in the institution of rot»*• choice. Profes­ sional liability insurance provided by us 
NO F E E S ! 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR 
EXCLUSIVE INSTANT 
PAY PROGRAM 

Medical Personnel Pool 
1o19 N. Mom 
224 5885 

SERG ERS— 
SE W — SERGERS 
SIN G LE NEEDLE 
O PER A T O R S 
LINE SU P ER V ISO R 

Experienced Only! 
CMT 
CORP. 
227 Lone Star Blvd. 

2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 

 dc 

 dc£ dc dc dcdc dc 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

Experienced Only Need to Apply 
M a n y C om p an y Benefits 
• Uniform Allowance 
• Hospitalization Insurance 
• 5 Day Work Week 

APPLY IN PERSON TO 
Tommy Carlock or Don Faulman 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 8 o o San Pedro 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
+ 
+ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ d c ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ d c dt 

* dcdc dc 

* dc drdc dc 

X 

* dc 
PARTS 
COUNTERMAN 

 ssh dcdc dc dc 

EXPERIENCED 

AIRCRAFT 

SHEET METAL 

M ECHANICS 

JETCRAFTERS INC 
541 8 Brewster 
657-27oo 

R N s -L V N s 
N e e d e d dor all sh ifts 
Immediate openings in: 
La b o r A D e liv e ry 
E m e rge n cy R o o m 
H o u se Su p e rv iso r 
Excellent salory and fringe benefits. 
Write or call: 
Mr. joe R. locker, RN 
Director of Nursing 
VAUEY 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
P.O. Box 371o 
Brownsville, TX 78512 
(512) 831-9611 

RN S U R G IC A L 
S U P E R V IS O R 
Opportunity for RN as Operating 
Room S u p e rv iso r in 45o bed county teaching hospital. New 12 room operating suite. H eavy 
Trauma load. Wide range of day scheduling surgery. Salary com­ mensurate with experience. Rep­ ly with statement of exxperience to: 
P E R S O N N E L D E P T . 
JOHN P E T E R 
SMITH H O SP IT A L 
15oo S.M A IN 
F T .W O R T H .T X 761o4 
(817)921-3431 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

We are looking for general laborers who can work either short or long term assignments. Home phone ond car necessary. 
A p p ly d a ily fro m 9 -3 . 
MANPOWER 

Experienced Preferred* 

A p p l y - o A l H o y t , P o r t s M cln a c je ' 

CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH CITY 
. 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r M / F 
. dc ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ * 

RN Wanted must nave strong ad­ ministrative and organizational ability to direct potentially busy office, prefer someone with nurs­ ing decision making background, some local travel invlved. Hours 
8-5, excellent benefits, excellent salary plus mileage. 
Call 
512-459 o964 
I 

T E M P O R A R Y S E R V IC E S 
321 Brooklyn 
224-9253 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y .r 

San Antonio Health S e rv ice s 
Placements, Inc., 84 N.E. Loop 
41o, Suite 131E, 349-4313. 

TWO BNS NEEDED 
•Assistant Director of Nurses 
•Supervisor 3-11 
Non-smokers please apply 1o-12 at Hillside Manor 828-o6o6 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

POWER SEWING 
MACHINE OPERATORS 

Sontone hoi openings for qualified trainees looking for permanent work. A large com­ pany with good benefits. 

Apply in person 

SANTONE INDUSTRIES 
6818 S. Zarzamora 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

A IR C R A F T P R O P E L L E R M E ­ 
CHANIC needed. 342 4452. 
545o A P P L IA N C E S R E P A IR 
575o-skilled-unskiiled. Top 55 co. 
Cindy 732-2191, 25o1 West Ave. 
Jobs 
North 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consultants 
Apt complex needs top mainten­ ance man with tools. 349-2222 

BARBERS 
Needed 6o19 Ingram Rd 

LICENSED M N E 
HOME 
IOO mile radius of San Antonio. 
Coll Mr. T .R . Jewell 222-1519 
Wednesday or Thursday_________ 

56oo BIG R IG JO CKS $7oo no long hauls exp Lg co 5555 Cindy 
732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

E X P E R IE N C E D COOK 
Reputable firm seeks ind. exp. in preparing large quan. foods. 
DR. P E R S O N N E L M ED IC A L - 
D EN TA L Employment Service 
Ook Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 
Pull time chairsid e assistant, minimum 2 yrs experience. Must take X rays. 53.75 per hour. Only qualified applicants considered. 
Applicants will be thoroughly tested. 826-6628 

Health Care Conasetap 
2o HRS P E R W E EK 
A ssist in ca rd io va scu la r p ro­ gram, conduct interviews, main­ tain records and perform routine c lin o id procedures. M u st be bilingual in Spanish with exper­ ience and training in a hospital or clinic environment. Responsibili­ ties commensurate with a mili­ tary medical corpsman or LVN. 
Contact U n iv e rsity of T e xa s 
Health Science Center Personnel 
Office 77o3 Floyd Curl Dr. Son 1 
Antonio, Tx. 7o284. Equal oppor- I tunity employer 
__________ 

LVN 11-7 
Call Mrs Morse, 224 7381 

Brake Mechanic needed, must be experienced, first class mechanic knowledgeable of front end, tune up and A C. 45 hr week. 54 per hour + overtime + commission. 
All Interviews confidential. Call 
Roy Homonn 824-2413 tor appt. 
C A R P E N T E R S N E E D E D tor 
F R A M IN G . No less than 5 yrs. exp. Apply 5ooo NW Industrial Dr. or call 684-76oo between 5-8 M F. 

" ' \ 
SERVICE STATION 
MANAGER 

Must be experienced in 
Service 
Station work and management. 
Attractive salary + paid vacation and bonus. 
Apply in person only 
43o2 Broadway 
Wheeler’s Texaco 

LVN Director of nurses for nurs- ing home. M rs Holmes 924-5533. 
LVN tor relief 11-7 shirt, call 
69o-9974. 
____________ 
LVN Full Time 3-11 
922-2761 

LVN 
7-3, 11-7. Full time for nursing home, relief all shirts. 924-5533. 

3-11 lull time LVN. apply in per­ son. 414 N. H ackberry. M anor 
Square Nursing Home_________ 

M E D ACCOUNTS C L E R K 
Self-motivated ind. with 4med. bkkg for casual ofc. good sal. 
DR P E R S O N N E L M ED IC A L- 
D EN T A L Employment Service 
Oak Hills Med Bldg, 69o-991o 

LVN N E E D E D 
All shirts, 3-11, 11-7, 7-3. Apply in person at St. Benedict Hospital and Nursing Home. South Alamo at Johnson, 222-o171. Equal Op- portunity Employer. 

C A U 22S 1666 

Carpenters and helpers. Call Don after 6pm 344-9654.______________ 
C E N T R A L AIR 
CO NDITIO N IN G S E R V IC E M A N needed Experience required in residential and small commercial systems. Top pay for qualified man. Plenty of work, Mony com­ pany benefits. YO U N G P L U M B ­ 
ING 
CO., 
Port 
Lavaca, 
Tx 
1-552-6733 

C O N S T R U C T IO N S U P E R IN ­ 
T E N D E N T A N D F O R E M A N . 
Must hove heavy experience in oil and gas field construction Send detailed resume with salary his­ tory to: Box 145o3, Oklahoma Ci- ty, OK 73114____________________ 

UNEMPLOYED? W H Y ? 

P A R T IM E , In d u stria l D ivisio n , o ffe rs d a ily w o rk fo r d e p e n d a b le p e o p le w ith tra n sp o rta tio n , lf y o u are b e tw e e n jobs, in school, retire d , P A R T IM E can help y o u r in co m e g ro w . 

N e e d d rive rs, p a in te rs, w a re h o u s e a n d m a in ­ te nan ce w o rk e rs, w a ite rs a n d w a itre sse s, se cu rity g u a r a i. A LL SH IFTS A V A IL A B L E . 

O n ly th o se in te re ste d in w o rk in g n e e d a p p ly ! 

T . 
-.. m 
F+PHMlfS 
THE QUALITY TEM PO RARY HELP SERVICE 

C a ll R a y 2 2 4 -1 7 2 1 
7 2 9 East H o u sto n Stre e t 

CITY DEL $6oo+ 
1233 SW ZAilitary 922-271) Job 
Exports Inc. Placement Service 
CO N C R ET E F IN IS H E R S 
B R ID G E C A R P E N T E R S 
S T E E L T IE R S 
EO Em ployer paving THO pay scale. 222-o6o6 

CUSTODIAN $55o 
1233 SW Military 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placement Service 
CU STO M D R A P E R Y 
Montgomery Wards needs people experienced in making customed draperies. Part time and full time 
Apply in p e rson at W ard s 
Drapery Work Room, 14oo Cur­ rency. 
Equal 
Opportunity 
Employer. 
Diesel mechanic or construction 
! equipment mechanic. Work tor a m aior construction equipment distributor in the Southwestern 
USA. Better life, lower living costs. Calf collect, ask for Doug 
Peck 512-923-4353______________ 

IN T M I ( X PRISS NI VV S 
C A U 22 S 166ft 

Sears 
Commission 
Auto Mechanic 

Full time, experienced auto mechanic for air conditioning and front end work. Draw against commission arrangement. 5-day 4o-hour week with paid vacation and 
9 holidays, plus employee discount on purchases. Profit sharing retirement plan, group hospitalization and life insurance available. Apply: personnel office. 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M f 
Sears Central Park Store 

FIRST-CLASS MOLD MAKER 

W eed Eater, Inc., a progressive Southwest area manufacturing firm is seeking a I st class M old Maker. The successful candidate will be a high school graduate, preferably with an apprentice training and a minimum of 
IO years experience in building themoplastic injection molds, including hot runner and cam action molds. 

Sub m it resume to: 

WEED EATER, INC. 
1o515 H A R W IN 
Houston, T exas 7 7 o 3 6 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

W an te d : Experienced 
P IP E L A Y E R 
For Underground Utility Contractor 

G o o d P ay for G ood M an! 

UTILITIES C O N SO LID A T ED 
7 5 8 o G rissom Rd. 
6 8 4 - 7 4 o o 

C q u al O p p o r tu n ity e m p lo y e r 

REFRIGERATION AND GENERAL 
MECHANIC 

★ N e e d 4 ye a rs experience in m aintenance type w ork 
★ Background in electrical refrigeration 
★ M ajo r C om pan y Benefits 

Contact Chack Hines 

2 2 6 - 7 3 1 1 
1o a.m . - 3 p.m. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

DRIVER 

- 
( 
*14o Driver Trainee StSOwk 
Need 16 to stort today. A + Co. + 
Sam tom, Mondav-Fridav Apply future, ike Kelly 923-4366 Job* in person. East End Pharm acy. South Placemen! Service 413 SW 
22o4 E Commerce____________ _ _ Military 
IXPCtSS ANO NIVYV 
C A U 2 2 5 . 1 6 6 6 

1873528o 

Poge 2o-C 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

TRUCK DRIVERS 
. 
WANTED 
. 
KAMHI a m i CQ^MNV ..in. w l rf 
I a Urn 
(Ira a+4 Mraadl 

( M n rn •«•**•*» <rnmn »«r4 «mI 
M il M M i M i IWM ••B kg * fen I 
I mm' IS* eke** tnnl"- ».vo«. <m •% w fn m . wwrewe ftan, 
I ack IHM e<o«. 'ne w>l«'v a i 
9 jw n e w l mntimvm aiery l-o- 
I MHI 
««♦ g h H 
I £j&f*fcoK#: 
MATT HOHMANN 
Of TIM MASSIE 
Doily How AAM-SWI 
OR COME BY 
HARRELL CATTLE CO 
H W Y 9 o A 
G O NZALES, TEXAS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S — Sunday Aforil 24 1977 
B2Q HELP WANTED 

MAN OR WOMAN, m echanically inclined tor in te re stin g position 
Soles experience Helpful, and you mov double your present income if you Q ualify Colt toe a p p oint rn en! 277-o18o 
8)oo M ECHANIC S Sky is lim it tor to p m a n w ith to o ls . 
S a ra h 
732-2191. ISO! W est A ve . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

I 

EXPERIENCED 
UTILITY 
FOREMAN 
Water and Sewer 
+ fringe Benefits 
STICH 
C O N TR A C TIN G 

M o to rc y c le M e c h a n ic , e xo in 
Honda, H arley, own tools, H I TTI? 
N E E D 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
R E M O D E L IN G C A R P E N T E R 
D ependable own toots and tra n ­ sportation (pre fer tru c k ). 
NORTHEAST 
B U ILD E R S 
349-4191 
OFFSET PRESSMAN 
MNHRHim 2 years ABD*ck 34o-lick experience a m ust. Top s a la ry , bonus, fringes. Advancem ent op portunity. Conli d e n ia l, 222-1535 
OPENING FOR DR IVER S 
E xp e rie n ce d b o b ta il p re fe rre d , m ust be 2t y rs old. hove com ­ m ercial license and good d rivin g record Lo roe company benefits. 
Apply in person 1547 W P oplar 
Bam 5pm M on-Fri. 
O PEN IN GS to r experienced a ir c o n d itio n in g re frig e ra tio n me chanics and sheet m etal m echan­ ics, P e rm a n e n t e m p lo y m e n t. 
Contact Je rry Porkis, P o rki* A ir 
Conditioning Com pony,inc., 8o7 E 
5th, Odessa, Texas 91^332-1296. 

628 HEI? WANTED 
62o KELP WANTED 
628 HELP WANTED 
I A K 
J t t U S L 

3 + 2 -3 1 8 8 
After 6 p.m. jg^ 
4 9 2 -2 6 7 1 
J I 

DRILLER 
N e e d e d fo r 
M ayhew -1ooo 

(J ionium production field rn 
South Text)' 
Permanent pot* 
♦ion fo» dependable self-reliant individual 
1-713-666-4458 onytkne 

O p p o rtu n ity fo r q u a lifie d 
Momtenace on in a 42 bed hospi tot 
E x c e lle n t b e n e fits , s a la ry negotiable, contact H arold Boen mg at 512 583 34o1. O tto K a is e r 
M em orial Hospital. Box 45o, Kcn- nedy, TX 78ll>._________________ 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THE SAN ANTONIO NEWS 
CAN EARN 
$5o TO $25o PER MONTH 
WEST SIDE AREA 

S. Laredo - Nuevo - Vera Cruz ♦ Buena Vista • Acme - S.W. 4oth - S. 
San Joaquin - Dahlgreen - Aldama - Southtawn - Harriman - S. Flores. 

Call now - can earn prizes • e x tra cash - m ovie passes - trips - tickets ta local events, etc. For fu rther inform ation call 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 Ext. 121 betw een 8 A .M . & 5:oo P.M . 

Art Equal O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS c 
A U T O M O T IV E 
P l - J 

$ $ S T U D E N T S $ $ 

W o rk a fte r school and Saturday in a route-building program fo r 
San 
A ntonio’s fastest grow ing new spaper. 

 lf you are b e tw e e n the ages of 
1 3 - 1 7 and w illing to w o rk hard a fe w hours each d ay w e can teach you to earn up to $ 5 o w e e k ly ! 
Interested? Call Pete 
826-6878 

An Equal O pportunity Employer 

7U2-72S - FOREIGN SPoRT3CARS .7o2 726 F W H B H H n g iB 7o2 728 - FOBEICW SPDRrSCRRS 

52.54 Order Selectors $3.5ohr 
W arehouse spot any exp helps. 
Need 4* Joyce Best o23-4368 Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry ____________ _ 
P IC T U R E 
F R A M E R , e x p e r­ ienced, excellent opportunity. 
3 
4 
9 
- o 
1 
2 
! ___________ ___ 
PLAN T M A IN TE N A N C E 
E st. film o o c k a g in g p r in te r , la m in a to r, bag m fg. needs exp production m achinery mechanic. 
Electronic and lathe exp desira­ ble References, perm anent, co benefits salary open 222-9688 

SIB mm SERVICES 
616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 616 FOOD DRIWK SERVICES 

Georgia Pacific 
Corp. 
Needs person to work in lumber yard with tom inertial litense to do some driving 
Minimum age 21 
Excellent benefits 
Start $2.6o per hour 
Apply in person to 
Bob H ogan 
S3S N. W W White Rd. 
Equal OpporfuiNfy Employer 

TRUCK DRIVER 
•mmediote opening for ex penented traftoi trailer driver to deliver nursery goods throughout texas and Oltla 
For more in­ formation toll I 393-3161 or a p p ly in person 

GREEN VALLEY 
NURSERIES, INC. 

TM R ood 1 3 o 3 

F lo res v ille , Texas 

AIR COMPRESSOR 
AND HOIST 
MECHANIC 

Inside shop and outside service 

 tolls. 
Air compressors, hoists, 

 motors and engines 
W. M. Smith 
Electric Co. 

4 9 4 -1 8 C 1 M r. B e a s le y 

W o rk in g fo re m a n or q u a lifie d tourneym an. We hove openings tor a good mon that wants to ad vance in the plum bing business and u ltim dtefy earn sa la ry high above average. Texas Plum bing 
Co., Inc 8719 Boots Lone.________ 

Q U I L T E R 
Experienced in machine Quilting, 
I or w ill train. Call 736-6387 ,_______ 

Joske’s of Texas lias im m ed iate openings for 

• WAITRESSES 
• BUS PERSONNEL 
• COOK 

Excellent company benefits, life and hospital insurance. 
Apply in person 
3rd Floor Personnel Office 
Joske’s D ow ntow n equal o p p o rtu n ity em ployer 

WOMEN or MEN 
PR EP A DISHWASHER 
E x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y . A p p ly in person only Ioam-3pm. Tasteset- ter R estaurant N orth Star M all, 
Frost Bros., 2nd Floor 

6 2 o - H N I W m M 
MsceliMous 

S725 Route D rive r $76o i Comm L ie -b ilin g u a l-lo c a l del. 
Need 2. Dove Crisp 923-4367 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
' M ilit a r y ________________ 
.__ 
SALES D ESIG N ER to r perm an- 
1 ent e m p lo ym e n t in New B ra u n ­ fels, Tx. 4o hour week. Salary to 
S)6,o44 A d d itio n a l benefits. Ap p lic o n ts m u s t h a v e ow n transportation, at leos! 3 yrs COF le ge, d e g re e d e s ire d , b u t n ot m andatory. Must have 5 yrs ex­ p e rie n ce on d ra w in g b o a rd in 
I some type design of m echanical e q u ip m e n ta n d - o r s tr u c tu r e , w o rk in g k n o w le d g e o f tr ig o n ­ om etry and geom etry and a good d r a ftin g te c h n iq u e fa r s o le s draw ings. A w o rkin g know ledge of h y d r a u lic s y s te m s a n d a c a p a b ilify o f is o m e tric d ra w in g techniques is desired. M inim um age 26. All qualified and interest­ ed personnel apply thro ugh the nearest Texas E m ploym ent Com­ mission in o rd e r to be screened and re fe rre d to the prospective em ployer 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, todies apparel. E x­ cellent benefits. Apply in person 
-M ENG ER SMART SHOP. N orth 
Star M all 
_____________ 

PART TIME 
PARTTIME 

PART TIM! TELEPHONE SALES 

5 P M t o 9 P M 

College, 
High 
School, 
M ilitary or 
Retired 
Persons can earn up to $4.oo per hr. Making calls from our office. 

No Experience Needed 
Free Parking 

C o ff M r . Green 

2 2 5 -2 8 1 o 

An Cquol O pportunity employer 

616 Fooo-DRINK SERVICES 

SE C U RITY GUARD w ith Texas security com m ission. P re fe r re ­ sident north Broadway and Loop 
41o oreo. 5137 week. 4o1 isom Rd. 
9 a m -2 p m ____________________ __ 

SECURITY OFFICERS 
1 Must be 21 yrs. of age. at least 6 
| mo* experience or some college j background. Apply in person. 8 to 
! 5. Mon th ru F ri. 
162o TOWER L IF E BLDG. 

OIESEL TBUCK DRIVERS 

E a rn high POV running Wes­ tern ond M id W estern States. 
Long irre g u o io r routes, tw o d riv e r team s, h a u lin g food s tu ffs M ust have one ye a r experience and clean record, call 661-4154. 

DRIVER WAREHOUSE 
564o up! F o rk lift exp and comm lie nee! Need 5 today! G loria 
824-4227 Job Placem ents E m ploy­ m ent Service 5316 Son Pedro 

S E R V I C E 

T E C H N I C I A N S 
H V A C 

E x p e rie n c e d in D X a n d c h ille d w a te r. 
C o n ta c t: 
C lim a te E n g in e e rin g , PO 
BOX 15283. Austin. TX. 78761, 
512-836 4646 

$155 Sewing $1>o Wk 
•P roduction Supervisor* 
Knowledgeable! Future-1-+ Need 
2 + F rin g e s . J o h n H a m p to n 
923-436o 
Jobs South P lacem ent 
Service 4)3 SW M ilita ry __________ 
S H A M P O O 
G IR L , lic e n s e d , 
T h u rs d a y , F rid a y , S to tu rd a y . 
653-5162. P e rrin Beitei Area 

E xp comb, foundation carpenter ond cem ent finisher. Apply 829 
Nogolitos. 
_______________ 
E x p e rie n c e d m a n ic u ris t a n d s c u lp tu re d n a il a r tis t C a ll to r in te rv ie w 341-59o4, 341-4221 o r a fte r 6 696-8854.___________ _ 

E X P E R IE N C E D m a in te n a n c e m on needed to a ssist on la rg e io p a r tm e n t c o m p le x . S a la ry com m e nsurate w ith experience. 
No e xp e rie n c e need not ap p ly. 
A p p ly in p e rso n , 8446 C o untry 
[Village. 
CO UNTRY 
V ILLA G E 
[APTS. 

E x p e rie n c e d C a rp e n te rs and helpers, coll o fte r 5 pm, 732-55o9 

EXPERIENCED 

CRANKSHAFT GRINDER 
C ard in al 
Automotive 
Rebuilders. 225-2629_______ 
E X P E R IE N C E D T A P E A N D 
F L O A T E R 
D e p e n d a b le , ow n tools ooransp orafio n 
(pre fer tru c k ) 
NORTHEAST 
B U ILD E R S , 
349-419)_____________ 
E x p e rie n c e d 
U n d e rg ro u n d 
Irrig a tio n In s ta lle r needed. M in ­ im um two years experience. Good pay 8942 B roadway, 826-6353. e x p e r i e n c e d g r o u n d s " 
K E E P E R to r N o cth sid e a p a rt­ m e n t c o m p le x , tra n s p o rta tio n required, COH 694-832o. 
E X P . 
H a ir d re s s e r 
N e e d e d . 
Wedgewood Beauty Salon. 67o1 
. Bianco 
____________ _________ 

EXP. MACHINIST 

STOCK CLERKS S3 br 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 
I S tructural Steel D etailer Checker 
! for preparation ond or checking 
' of s tru c tu ra l shop. D etail drow - 
I ings. No design w ork. M in im u n 
, experience 3 years, salary based 
; on e xp e rie n ce , frin g e be n e fits. 
| Coll 512-385-6727._______________ _ 
STYLIST wonted for two evenings 
I and Saturday, experienced in la ­ test cuts and men's styles. P e rrin 
, Bedel Area, 653-5162 

[The Best Ptxza in Town (Honest? 

San Antonio's 
Pizza Restaurant 

Is looking for I 
Aggressive Manager 
Trainee 

Who is looking for outstanding opportunity. Start S2.So hour, 
4o hour week, life and Medical insurance ond yearly potd vocation 
Applicants mud be welt groomed, mature ond available to work Full Time 
Previous restaurant background preferred. 

A p p ly in person a t 
451o Fredericksburg Rd. 
B e tw e e n 2 & 4 p.m 

SIS FOOD ORIMK SERVICES 

$225 PER 
WEEK 

Guaranteed slaty, order in­ 

 stallation department, no 

 experience necessary, co­ 

 mpany will train, must 

 have own transportation. 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

C a d 7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 

MAN TO WORK 
ON FARM 
Must know how to take care ond operate aft kinds of form machinery ond cattle, must be experienced and sober, good salary, dose to Son An­ tonio, house and utilities furnished, 
See o r w r ite to : 
H o rry H ym an or 
I. Sanchez 
1o3 I. Commerce St. 
Son Antonio* Tx* 783 o5 

CARRIERS NEEDED 

D O Y O U : 
NEED TO EARN UP TO $ 2 o o .o o A M O N T H FOR 
HRS. W O R K EACH M O R N IN G * 
MUST HAVE RELIABLE TR A NSPO RTATIO N ! 
M O R N IN G ROUTES OPEN IN : 
N O R TH OF LOOP 4 1 o 
PERRIN BEITEL 
CALL 
N ACOG DO CHES 
6 5 5 -7 2 o 4 
H O LLY W O O D PARK 
CALL 
SAN PEDRO 
.6 5 6 -o o 9 9 
BABCOCK 
CALL 
BANDERA RD. 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 e x t. 1 3 o 
Between I p.m . & 5 p.m- 
SOUTH OF LO OP 4 1 o 
THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
A R 1 
1 7 o A 
Ro i l i n g r id g e £A5T o f l3J, 6 8 

UNIVERSAL CITY AREA 
TO 
K IR B Y — CALL 2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 e x t. 1 3 o b f t w e e N I P .M . & 5 P .M . 
San Antonio Express 
A n t q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

The Peugeot 6o4 gives you the engineering of a Mercedes-Benz, the handling of a BMWJ the elegance of a Jaguar, and a level of comfort superior to all of them. 

L ik e its illu s tr io u s c o m p e titio n , th e P e u g e o t 6 o 4 h a s a re s p o n s iv e 

 s ix - c y lin d e r e n g in e , fu lly in d e p e n d e n t s u s p e n s io n , d is tin g u is h e d s ty lin g , 

 a n d m e tic u lo u s a tte n tio n to d e ta il. 
B u t in a d d itio n , th e P e u g e o t 6 o 4 o ffe r s o u t s ta n d in g c o m fo r t . W ith 

 o v e rs iz e d s h o c k a b s o rb e rs , la rg e c o il s p r in g s , a n d a n a to m ic a l s e a ts th a t 

 a re a c tu a lly tu n e d to th e s u s p e n s io n . F in a lly , th e 6 o 4 's p r ic e s ta rts a t 

 a r o u n d $ 1 1 .o o o R O L * W h ic h m a y 

 w e ll b e it s m o s t c o m f o r t i n g 
I 

 fe a tu re Of a ll. 
No one builds cars the way we build cars. 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

•M anufacturer s suggested retail price. PO L. Delivery charges, optional dealer preparation title fees, optional equipm ent, licensing and taxes e x t r a 
. 
____________ _ _ _ _ _ 

^C 9 |c a |c 9 fe d fc 9 |c 2 fc 9 |c 9 ffc 9 ie 3 |c a fe 9 fc a |c 9 |c 9 fc 9 |e 9 ic a fc 9 ic 9 |c ^ 
■ WANT co uple 

EXPERIENCED 

WAITRESSES 

A P P LY IN PERSON 
OPEN 24 HOURS 

CAPH* JIM’S 
RESTAURANT 
3511 ROOSEVELT 

T o ilo r fo r m e n 's A lte ra tio n s . 
822-9418 M r Sanchez • 
THE TEXAS ARM Y N A TIO N AL 
GUARD HAS OPENtNS FOR: 
COOKS.. M E C H A N IC S .C O M ­ 
M U N A A T IO N S ...F I R E DI R E C ­ 
H O N P E R S O N N E L . C L E R KS- 
CANN ON EER ...TRUCK 
DRIVERS 
FINANCE 
S P E C IA LIS TS 
One weekend per month ond two weeks in sum mer 512-226 2691 
TRACTOR T R A IL E R D R IV E R S for city delive ry Good w o rkin g conditions, 5 day week. E qual op­ portunity em ployer. 223-3o66 
52.3o Trainee $2.75 hr 
Need 14 to start today. A + Co. + 
Future. Ike Kelly 923-4366 
Jobs 
South Placement Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry 

TRIM CARPENTER 
4-6 yrs exp $3.75-56 hr 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
Experts Inc. Placem ent Service 

OJI. Anthony & Sons 
W L au rel 73*5121 
___ 
1235 
_________________ 
E xp M echanic, fro n t end w o rk, brokes, m in o r tune-ups. G uaran­ teed s a la ry + com m . A p ply in person Bill M ezzetti T ire Co. Inc. 
6239 Son Pedro 342-9521 

FR AM ER S 
AN D FORM CREWS 
N E E D E D 
IM M E D IA T E L Y ! 
Call 659-4379 
Ask for Pete 
8:3o T il 5:3o 

H AIR DR ESSER S w ith follow ing! 
M onique C o iffu re s 1846 F re d e r­ ic k s b u rg 
R d. 
C a ll 
E le a n o r 
734-7916. Eves 342-7483___________ 
H A IR D R E S S E R S , A new plea s a m N o rth s id e B e a u ty S a lon w onts fem a le h a ird re s s e rs , fu ll ond p a rt tim e Sunset Salon of 
Beauty, 
239 w . 
Sunset 
Rd. 
828-2948._________________________ 
H a ir d re s s e r w a n te d fo r new beouty salon w ith following. 2843 
Mossrock 
349-3246 
Hove openings for young, depen­ d a b le p e o p le to r fo llo w in g : 
Butcher, m eat boner, m eat w ra p ­ p e r. m a rk e t m a n a g e r. S a la ry , retirem ent, hospital, co. benefits 
512-367 5321 
_____ 
S3. OOh r 
F ront 
End m echanic 
$4.S4hr 
Exp.! M ust have tools! Lge. local 
Co. D ove C ris p 923-436o 
Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
S3 OOhr M echanics SS OOHr 
Need IO todav-all fields A + Co + 
.fu tu re Ike K e lly 923-4366 
Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
JO U R N EY M A N C AR PEN TER S 
Apply in person, 5154 D eZavala 
Rd 696-7925 
11,11 
* 
* " 

L I N E M E C H A N IC 

M ust be E x p e rie n c e d , new i d e a le r w ith 
A M C . to o ts required. 2 years experience g e n e ra l re p a irs , co m p o n y benefits, contact B ill F ra n k, 
Alam o AMC, I I H San Pedro 
Ave 

♦ RUCK D R IV E R W A R E H O U - 
| SE M A N lo c a l com pony. 5 day work week, com pany insurance paid, com m ercial license neces- j 
I sory. Pass polygraph test. C a ll I 
226-3157 for appt_________________ ! 
I 53 TV R E P A IR M A N 55 good w orking cond Mod. shop. Donna 
I 732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve Jobs I 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. I 
Two G rin d e rs ond F in ish e rs on 
\ steel door fram e, vacations and paid holidays a fte r one ye a r of 1 
1 s e rv ic e . 4 d a y w o rk w e e k, IO hours per day. Apply in person, . 
214 w T u rb o _________________ 
U PHO LSTERER HOME or Auto 
SS Ideal w orking conditions. Fred 
[732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve 
Jobs 
I North Inc. Personnel Consultants, j 
Wanted: bindery w orker with ex­ perience on paper cu tte r, table 
. too fo ld e r, c o lla tin g , s ta p lin g , packaging, etc. Call 824-9669 
W anted exp e rie n ce d fib e rg la s s 
, duct in s ta lle rs ond h e lp e rs lop pay and b e n e fits to those who quoiity, coll for appt. 494-3555. 
W AN TED E X P E R IE N C E D Cus­ to d ia n to S e rv ic e S m all O ffic e 
Bldg R egular full tim e lob w ith good benefits. Apply in PERSON 
O NLY at Union Stockyards Room 
221 1716 S. Son M arcos. 
545o WAREHOUSE SPOT 555o CO tra in s s e rio u s w o rk e rs . C in d y 
732 2191, 25o1 W est A ve. Jobs 
N orth Inc Personnel Consultants. 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 
DINNER HOUSE 
DIVISION 
Is Accepting Applications 
For 

• Host 
• Hostesses 
• Busboys 
• Busgir[s 

Apply in Person 

Monday-Friday 
8:3o am~4:oo pm 

852o (rownhill Blvd. 

Food., 
_ 
E xcellent position a va ila b le for one with m inim um of S yrs exper­ ience in food catering functions. 
Supervise food p re p a ra tio n , ser­ v ic e ond c le a n -u p of v a rio u s social functions. Individ u a l must be able to w ork alternating weeks of I of day s h ift ond I of n ig h t s h ift; also a lte rn a te w e ekend work. Call M rs. W orley tor oppt. 
225-4535 
_____________ _ 
Food Service Shift Supervisor, 6 y rs e xp e rie n ce re a 'd , m ilita ry exp. helpful. Paid vacatio n and h o lid a y s . M e d ic a l in s u ra n c e availa b le . A p ply G FM P roph et 
Foods Co. Bldg. 6659 L a ckla n d 
AFB 9-Uom and 2-4pm M on-Fri. 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

FULL PART TIME 

COUNTER OR 
BUS HELP 
Apply in person only 

241o NACOGDOCHES equal opportunity em ployer 

COOKS 
WAITRESSES 
SALAD PERSONS 
★ No Sundays 

C a l l 

6 9 9 . 1 o 3 3 or 

6 9 o - 8 9 5 1 

N E E D E D WELDERS 
661-2316 I. 

H a m b y M a r a * A 
H a m b y B o t r y O w — m 

Hollins (si ptoylc whs want la wark in a fauna, programing company, fay 
62.3o an hr. Honing. Apply !-4pm at lira following Worts- 
• V I D a ir y O w aal 
214 West Ane. 
734-4141 a * 3 D a ir y Qv a a a 
H O I Sanders Rd 
433-9661 
• V T D a ir y Ow— n 
1oo18 San Pedro 
344 3961 
• * 9 D a ir y a — 
6318 (roadway 
>26-1o74 
V 
I I h a ir y O v a aa 
33o2 Pleasanton Rd 
*23-3391 
V I A D a ir y O o o a a 
922 WW Whits Id 
333 5441 
* P ossibility of d a y or night m a n a g e r position 

MOO Local D e live ry 59oo 
N a tl Co w ill tram -21 up fu tu re . minded Joyce Best 923-4368 Jobs 
South Placem ent Service 413 SW 
M ilita ry i 
M achine Shop H elpers, m ust b e | H 
_______ _______ eager to w o rk , ap p ly in^person Must be a ttra ctive and hove neat 
Precision Mfg. Co. 4546 S inclair, appearance. 
San Antonio. Tx. 
Apply in person 

SI 15 wk Dock W ork $125 wk lge Co-prom otion sPOt-21up-neat. 
Jim Snowe 923-4369 
Jobs South 
Placem ent 
Service 
413 
SW 
M ilita ry_________________________ 
I W ORK O V E R S E A S , A u s tra lia . 
A fric a , South A m erica, E urope, 
I etc. C onstruction , Sales, E n g in ­ e e r s , C le r ic a l, e tc . $8ooo to 
; $5o,ooo + . E xp e n se s p a id . F o r e m plo ym en t in fo rm a tio n w rit* : 
Overseas Em ploym ent, Box IOU, 

SIS FBM-BBIHK SEBVISES 

A T T R A C T IV E C O C K TA IL W AI 
I TRESSES N E E O E D Experience necessary, app ly in person, V il- 
Uoge Inn, M onday th ru F rid a y . 
No 9 W inding W ay______________ 
BA R TE N D ER AND HOSTESS 
[A R E 
N E E D E D 
A P P L Y 
IN 
PERSON AT o ily O tte n 's New 
I Swiss Chalet, IOU NE Loop 41o 
- B a rtender needed. C all IO am-3 pm, ask tor M r. K e lle r 534-11o2 

1 
COFFEE SKOP $675 
1233 SW M ilita ry 922-2711 Job 
Experts inc. Placem ent Service 

COUNTER HELP 

Dancers Wanted 
Go-Go and e xo tic. Top S a la ry. 
I Cal! between 9 and 12 Noon or 4 to 
6pm. 226-2514. 
_______________ 

HOWARD JOHNSON 
RESTAURANT accepting applications tor 
•W AITRESSES ond 
•B A R WAITRESSES opply in person 
IH3S 
North. 
655-9861 
______________ 

WAMSER TRAINEES 
SALARY $625 

M ANAGERS 
Salary $625+Comm. 
Need q u a lifie d people age 23 or over for management positions 
Coll tor Interview 
W EO.-THURS.. 1-3 PM 

• 
M 
M 
M 
M f 
EXPERIENCED # 
# ROOM CLERK # 

o 
Northside 
IN 
^ 
M o to r Hotel 
o 

 a Good salary and o 
^ paid vacation. 
A 

J 
3 4 4 - 4 5 1 1 
• 

» 
# 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

* 

* 
* 

* 

■JF 

* 
* 

# 
* 

* 
* 
* 

# 

To Operate Convenience Store and 
Truck 
Stop in 
Johnson 
City. Salary -f commission. 

C a ll 
337-849o 8-5 or after 6 p.m. 69o-1684 

* 

* 

# 
* 

* 

# 

* 

* 

# 
* 

* 
# 

WooDSToNE 
PAINTERS and 
ROUGH CLEANING 
CREWS NEEDED! 
Call 655-4o1o 

I 

 i 
L. 

CASHIERS 
Full time 
Part time 
( ll pm-/ cm) 
(evenings and weekends) 
$2.5o-$2.75 per hour 
$2.3o per hour 

N O EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 
STOP N GO MARKETS 
2 o 4 E. Rhapsody Dr. 
Equal O p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

NEW 1977 

V O L K S W 
A G E N R A B B I T 

M O D E L r o e O N L Y 

1 7 o 1 
$ 
£ 
£ 
£ 
3 
5 
* 

', \ 
PER M O . 

2 
2 
P b 
_ 

% 
I © - * 

*89 34 for 48 months with approved credit, cosh selling price $3599, with $3oo cosh or trade down. APR. 13.S1. 
Deterred price $4588.32. Stole lox, title, fees t license ex eluded. 
_____ 

• I/M l r d 
O N E O F 

_ 
T H E F A S T E S T 

S E L L I N G I M P O R T S . 
STATION W AGONS & 
COUPES. 
1977 
SUBARU 

S T A N D A R D *322o 

S E D A N 
Phis Tax, Title * License. 

’7 4 SUBARU Wagon.............................. ‘ 1 8 9 5 
*73 SUBARU Sedan................................ ‘ 1 7 9 5 
’7 5 V W lo Grand Bug........................ ‘ 2 8 9 5 
’7 5 V W Camper, Pop Top ( 2 ) ..............‘ 5 4 9 5 
’7 6 B M W 2oo2 .................................... ‘6 9 9 5 
'7 4 HORNET Hatchback, auto., air . . . ‘ 1 9 9 5 

U S E D C A R S P E C I A L S ! 

’7 5 V W Rabbit.........................................!? ? ? ? 
’7 3 V W Fastback, a ir ............................*2 3 9 5 
’7 4 V W Dasher Wagon..........................*2 5 9 5 
’7 6 P IN TO 
2-dr., 4 speed....................’2 5 9 5 
7 3 CHEVY 
Nova, standard, a ir 
‘ 2 o 9 5 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSW AGEN 
(Sh. 
SUBARU & BMW 
© 

4 6 2 3 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd. 7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 

A c to r s f r o m W o n d o r i o n d a t F r o d o r ic k s b a r g R d 

62o • Ham Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

WOOD W ORKERS 53 hr-up exper 
I shop pers. m odern Cos. Need 4. 
'F re d 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
N orth 
Inc. 
Personnel 
C o n s u lta n ts ._________________ i 2x2 
I'42 
NEW 
RESIDENTS 
BR AU NFE LS 

YARDMAN 
E x p e rie n c e d m an fo r g e n e ra l g ro u n d s m a in te n a n c e , 4o h r. week. A p p ly a t o ffice , W a rre n 
House Apts. 3222 NW Loop 41o. 
1oAM to 7 P M .__________ _ 

 usHome 

O f C E N T R A L T E X A S 

AM BITIOU S persons who want to earn but who can only w ork port tim e, opp ortunity tor good extra in co m e . F o r a p p o in tm e n t c o li 
673-278o between 
5:3o pm-7:3o pm ._____________________________ 
A P A R T M E N T M A N A G E R AND 
ASSISTANT M ANAGERS N E E D ­ 
ED . G re a t N o rth s id e lo c a tio n . 
Good salary, plus apt. 
A P A R TM E N T JOBS OF S A. 
828-9196 
E m ploym ent Consultants 

NEW BRAUNFELS RESIDENTS 

Dealer wanted in New Braunfels, lf you need extra cash, please coll collect at 225-7411 fx t. 114 or 115. You w ill be o dealer represen­ ting the Express News servicing Home Delivery customers in the morning ond afternoon. 

 a No Experience Necessary, but Helpful 

• Good Transportation Required 

 a Net $5oo.oo to $575.oo Monthly 

• Work 4 Hours Doily; 2 Hours in the Morning and 2 
Hours in the Afternoon 

 a Cosh Bond Required 

 a Excellent Income for someone living in this Arco. 

This is good for refired persons. Housewives, or high school stu­ 

 dents or college students. 

622 DOMESTIC 

B a b y s ittin g , m y h o m e , lite housework, own good tran sporta­ tio n , re fe re n ce s. 655-7441 o fte r 
6pm (off Eisenhouer)____________ 
Care tor infant, lite housework, 3 days, refernces 494-33o4_________ 
Desire responsible live-m house keeper who can speak some Eng­ lish to care for large m odern apt and 5 yr old daughter near Won- deriano Call M r. Bland 824-o411. 
A fte r 9pm and Sun. call 684-4935 
E x p e rie n c e d h o u s e w o rk e r fo r 
Mondays 9am -lpm . 52.5o an hour. 
M ust have tra n sp o rta tio n . Span- ish speaking only. 826-o229_______ 

HOUSEKEEPER 
I Live-in. M ust speak English. Top 
S a la ry . E x p e rie n c e and r e fe r­ ences required. 5 days. 344-9652; 
344-648o 

A P art tim e service station atten­ d a n t. A p p ly 43o2 B ro a d w a y . 
W heeler’s Texaco. 
______ 
A P T M A N A G E R c o u p le e xp . necessary, a d u lt lu x u ry apt. in 
Oak H ills. Before noon, 342-4442. 

341-3116 

MR. DUNOERBAKS 
MCCRELESS PLAZA has fu ll tim e o p e n in g s in o u r gourm et food dept, for afternoon shifts. Apply in person 

ASSISTANT Aul Manager 
Couple over 4o to be assistants while tra in in g tor apt managers. 
Salary plus apartm ent. Apply at office 3222 NW LOOP 41o, a tte r 
1o:oo AM to 7PM 

ASST MANAGER 
L o c a l n o rth s id e c o n v e n ie n c e store has im m ediate opening far assista n t m a n a g e r. M u st have some cosh re g is te r expe rience. 
P o ly g ra p h exa m re q u ire d . A il com pany benefits. A pply in p e r­ son 6oo3 West Ave at Loop 41o, 
Don s & Ben s 
__________ 

Night Dishwasher-N.S. 
342-9o39 
P art tim e help for cate rin g ser vice, must be neat in appearance, m ust have tran sportation , for in- teriew 661-6868. 
T H R E E Cooks needed fo r im m ediate em plo ym en t fo r one of 
B o e rn e 's le a d in g re s ta u ra n ts 
Only 3o minutes from San Anton io. Excellent salary. Day or night shifts available. Open 7 days, 24 hours on weekends. Call Dennis between 
6am and 
2pm at 
1-249-9917. 
_________ 
W AITERS, profession! only, up to 
SJ5o a week, apoty 9 IO am. 1o39 
Northeast Loop HO 
WAITRESS AND B A R TE ND ER 
No experience, 333-2o53 
W AITRESSES AN D W A ITE R S , apply in person at B illy R S No 
198, of 48o2 NW Expressw ay 

WAITRESSES 
E xcellent tips. Evenings. E xp er­ ience necessary. Apply in person only 4-6pm Tues-Sot, 12-6 Sun. 
Grey Moss Inn__________________ 

WAITRESS tor resort ranch. 
B e a u tifu l place lo liv e and w o rk . L o s t V o lle y R e s o rt 
Ranch, Bandera, Tex. Phone: 
1-796-3794 

W AITRESS N E E D E D AT N U T ­ 
CRACKER CLUB 7321 San Pero opply 1-3 M on.-Fri.______________ 

O ovtime cashier hostess, apply in person M on-F ri 1-Spm V a le rio s 
Restaurant, 382o Broadway. 

DELI-EAST FOOD 
PART TIM E 
DAY AN D E V E N IN G 
Experience Helpful 
Apply in person 3-Spm 

D IE T A R Y AID 

A p p ly a t C a rria g e S a uare 
Nursing Heme. 8o2o Blanco 

D IS H W A S H E R a n d G e n e ra l 
Cleaning, p art tim e, 5 pm-1o pm, off 
Sundays. 
333-2*91. 
R ex’s 
Barbeque 
E V E N IN G K IT C H E N H E L P E R 
I Bayous Seafood R estaurant 2617 
Woqonwheei 828-5726 
________ 

WANTED FOR 
OFFSHORE 
D e p e n d a b e le w e ll g ro o m e d s te w a rd s , b a k e rs o n d g a lle y hands. Top earnings fo r qualified p e rso n n e l plus a d d itio n a l r,en- ehts. Rapid prom otion tor proven ability. M ust have own tran spor­ tation and telephone. Some jobs available overseas for individuals w ith p a s s p o rt a n d s e a m a n 's papers Also lobs available on the 
East and West Coast and Alaska. 
Personal interview at ARA SER­ 
VICES, Ju n ctio n of LA Hw y 24 and 316, G ary, Louisianna, 7o359. 
(5o4)876-o881 or 1-8oo-535-5948. An 
Equal O pportunity E m ployer M-F 

WHATABUR6ER 

Needs p e rm a n e n t fu ll tim e men or women. A pply in per­ son af 8234 B ro a d w a y . No 
Phone calls please. 

MACHINIST 
Need som eone to sot up Acm e 
G rid le y o r B ro w n S h a rp e A u - _ _ - fomahc Screw M achines. Apoiv in 2922 
Person to 
C o rm u n in d u s trie s , 
5975 B usiness P a rk Dr. ( ' ; m i.--------- east of IH-35 on RiHimon Rd.) 
Wiiopperburger 
2922 r r 
W e s t w A v e . 
1o 3oam—2 p m ________ 

CALL 225-lo ot, 

EXP. DKT CMK 
Please apply 1o-12 H illside M anor, 
831o Goult Lane. 828-o6o6________ 
Experienced R estaurant and Ca­ te rin g Cook. A ir F o rc e V illa g e 
673-2761 E xt 12 

TM NU M BII TO CALI 
IS 225 1666 f * PRISS ANO NfWS 

Whoppepburgen 
FULL Time COOK 
M ust Have Neat Appearance 
" W IL L T R A IN * 
A pply In Person A t: 
2922 W e s t A v e n u e 
1o:3o AM to 2:3o PM 
CAU 225-1666 

A ttra c tiv e unattached ladies fo r p ort tim e em ploym ent. $6.25 an hour. F or in fo rm a tio n w rite E x­ press New s Box 435o, enclose recent photo, age, weight, etc. 

BeaHne 
226-23o3 
Cashier - auto parts sales woman, must have cashiering experience. 
732-8221 
C ASH IER H E L P , S2.3ohr, 2o-4o hrs. week (eves and w knds), Stop 
N Go, 2o4 E .Rhapsody Dr 
D E L IV E R Y . P a rt tim e . M u s t have own tate model tru ck or Van. 
Salary. 494-1162, M r. H eller 
Do you lik e to ta lk on th e te le p h o n e ? W ould you lik e to m a ke a p p o in tm e n ts fo r salesmen? Coll M at 349-4398 

BUOY BEIN6 A WOMAN 
Earn while you learn • wear the latest ladies fashions w h ile con­ ducting in-hom e fashion shows. 
Car necessary. 21 + . Call 226-23o3 for more info 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C o s m e tic s -p o rt tim e a v a ila b le . 
M ature woman only. Call 344-1891. 
FILE CLERK 
Full or p a rt tim e opening for file clerk. No experience necessary, must be free to start im m ediately. 
See Matt, 2oo3 San Pedro, Room 8 

NIGHT SHIFT 
5:15 pm -3:45 am 
Monday-Thursdoy 

Santone is accepting op plications for night shift work in various depart- ments. large compony with good benefits. 
Apply in Person 

SANTONE INDUSTRIES 
6818 S. Zarzomora 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

APARTMENT 
MANAGER 

For 7o unit com plex. 

M arrie d , over 3o. No 

 children, no pets. 

3 4 9 - 8 o 6 5 . 

N ortheast R e crea tional V ehicle dealer needs Charwom an to clean in terio r of tra ve l tra ile rs, mobile homes und office buildings. Coil 
B ill 653-4161.____________________ 
O penings in north sid e n u rs e ry . 
Coll James 733 9854_____________ 

P art tim e weekends fem ale help ideal for retire d or widowed lady, 
I w a nte d gam e room a tte n d a n t. I liv e - in , lite c a re fo r e ld e rly 
[ Apply 
G oldm ine 
Central 
Pork woman, lite housekeeping, tim e 
I Moll.___________________________ off can a rra n g e 227-5716.________ 
Lady to live-in with elderly lady, cook and clean house. 333-3352 early or late. Or 735-5892 
_____ 

 i I am looking for a live-in expe r­ ienced housekeeper, white, black or Spanish speaking English. One w o m a n a d u lt, 2 m e a ls o d a y , p riv a te a irs a w a y fro m m a in 
I house. W a ll-to -w o ll c a rp e t, a ir conditioning, color TV, nice furni- i lu re , telephone and on busline. 
Good s a la ry . R eply to E xp re ss 
News Box 4352 

Perm anent job-w ili tram , starting pay e ve r 565o, frin g e be n e fits. 
Apply 4242 Piedras Or. E. Suite 
IOO._____________________________ 
Persons needed to train for part tim e w o rk as LA D Y PACKERS for local m oving and storage firm . 
I Requirem ents a re: m ust have car 
[ and telephone. A pply in person 
I !-4pm weekdays 
I Towne Services 8923 Aero Lone 

PROOF CONSULTANT 
W ant m a tu re , h a rd w o rk in g in- 
I dividual. Neat appearance, m ust 
: meet people welt. Incentive plan, 
4o hour w eek, 3 evenings. Olan 
I M ills P o rtra it Studio 828-6175 for 
I appt. 
______________________ 

I LA D Y to live-in, core fo r elderly. 
Life Housekeeping. 655-9412 
Live in core fo r elderly woman, s m a ll a pt in A la m o H g ts. L ite housekeeping. 222-1586 (9:3o-12, 
5:3o-9)________ ___ ______________ j L iv e -in h o u s e k e e p e r fo r v e ry 
! sm all fam ily. Ideal for re tire d or j widowed lady 699-122o___________ 
I L iv e -in hou se ke e p e r and com- 
[ panion for elderly man. 5 days, 2 d a y s o ff, s a la ry d is c u s s e d , i 735-3993 after 3. 

JA N IT O R IA L SUPER. S65o Join- staff of top hasp. Exp. 2 yr. Rosie 
732-219), 2561 W est A ve . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 

KELLY 
LIGHT INDUSTRIAL 

NEEDS YOU NOW! 
T e m p o ra ry assignm ents a v a ila ­ ble. Work a day, a week or longer 
C A LL OR COME IN 

KEILY SERVICES 
46o6 Centerview Or 
Suite 154 
736-2455 

R e tire d M ilit a r y (c o u p le ) fo r m anagement of 48 unit apartm ent complex Southside near M ilita ry 
Drive. Salary plus apartm ent tor leasing services. Man w ill assist in yard ca re and m aintenance. 
Apply in person, 2143 Zercher 
Road. 

58oo ROUTE DRIVERS 51oob co 
Irons not'l co. Sorah 732-2191, 25o1 
W est Ave. Jobs N o rth Inc. P e r­ sonnel Consultants.______________ 

UVE IN HOUSEKEEPER 
A dult fam ily, excellent salary ond liv in g q u a rte rs , m ust be e xp e r­ ienced. Able to drive, references. 
Poy 824-2319, Night 826-o9o7. 
L IV E -IN M A IO fo r hou sew ork, la u n d ry and c h ild c a re . M u st speak English. Ref's required. 
653-4141 
____ 

K 
U 
S 
SELECTIOhFJF 
LARGEST 
NEW & USED VOLKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
* * * U $ E D C A R S P E C I A L S * * * 

12 MONTH OR 12,ooo M ill MECHANICAl INSURANCE AVAil- 

ABIE ON MOST USED CARS FROM MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 

I 

ON DISPLAY rn OUR SHOWROOM 
1925 ROLLS ROYCi TOURING 
1932 RIHTLT COHVIRTIBLt 

•76 
>7,95 iw z w i l l D C C T IE U rn* groan, 4 speed, AM-FM 
/ O V VY DCE I LE radio, air conditioned, one SOC O C ow ner, 1 4,o oo miles .............................................................. J T J 
’76 VW BEETLE air conditioned! .r:F.M. r r . \ $3595 
75 MONZA 2 + 2 HATCHBACK ESTCk, automatic transmission, air conditioning, pow ers<}r « r steering, pow er brakes, fM stereo......................... v J 7 J 

75 DODGE PICKUP die. low milooge, very iO O Q C c le a n .................................................................. s . , .............v O Y 3 
75 SCIROCCO A M/ F M4 wa r r a n t y 
'4o95 
75 VW CAMPMOBIIE POP TOP t„ o(. air conditioning/ radio 
................................ 
3 # 7 3 
75 VW BEETLE 
.s2695 
74 MGB CONVERTIBLE & 
4w t!S : 
Honed, 8 frock, 2 6 ,o o o miles. A REALLY C U A N $ 3 5 9 5 

*•*<% p i f A M I L I A CC W hite w ith black vinyl top, 
7 3 EL L A l Y l IN U 5 5 4 54 V8. autom atic trans­ mission, pow er steering, pow er brakes, air con- S O A /ir ditioned, A M /F M . new wide ovals, m a g s ................. J u t J brawn, 4 speed, 
$1 g 9 5 
*73 HONDA CIVIC HATCHBACK air conditioned 

’73 PONTIAC GRANDVIlll CONVERTIBLE 
Bronze with white top, VB, automatic transmission, pow er steering, pawer brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, pow er windows, doors and trunk, tilt w heel 
............................. 
2795 
72 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE SJ 
Mint green, V8 , automatic transmission, power steering, pow er brakes, air coldly toned, radio, w hite sidewalls, tilt wheel, cruise control, power seats, pow er windows. 
FM s le r.o ,se v n p 
5 7 ,o o o m iles..................................................................... 
A f J J 

 l l 
DODGE V a TON PICKUP standard 
5. J Q C transmission, air conditioned, ra d io ............................ J / , J 
1 1 VOLKSWAGEN SUPER BEETLE radio, radial t ir e s ................................................................ 
I J T D 
7o VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE air conditioned ' . '115o 
68 DODGE CORONET SEDAN automatic transmission, pow er steering, pow er brakes, air conditioned, radio, white sidewalls. 
TRANS- c 
A A C 
PORTATION SPECIAL............................................................. 
T 7 3 
DON’T MISS OUR LOW NEW CAR PRICES! 
VOLKSWAGEN/ 
HONDA 
13oo S.E. Military Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
GMAC FINANCING 
_ _ _ 
. _ _ _ 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 - 6 5 2 1 
MISSION 

3 L A D IE S N E E D E D . 3 H o u rs d a ily , 5 day w eek, $75. Stanley 
Home Product* Inc., 533-36oo 
L A D IE S to w o rk fro m th e ir hom e*. E x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity . 
LU ZIER Cosmetics. 341 9272 

FULL OR PART TIME 
Plea*ant telephone work from our no rth tid e office E xperience not n e c e **a ry . Good pay. C all M r. 
Golden 734-o343 
F U L L 
T IM E 
T E L E P H O N E 
SA LE S 3 L o c a tio n s a v a ila b le . 
Spllt-*hift. Plan M ill*, 924-32oo 
G O LD E N O P P O R T U N IT Y . For a m b itio u * people. $11,999 p a rt tim e A ppointm ent from re*um e e arly M ay. W rite E xp re ** News 
Box 4524, 78297. Reply assured. 

GOOD OPPORTUNITY 
Retail liquor chain need* full tim e sale* cle rk fo r northside store*. 
Age over 35 preferred. Retail ex­ perience of some kind preferred, no necessarily liquors. Polygraph exam required. A ll com pany ben­ e fits. A p p ly in person D on's A 
Ben's 6oo3 West Ave a t Loop 41o 

M a in te n a n c e m an w ith la rg e a p a rtm e n t com plex 
P lu m b in g electrical and heating experience e s s e n tia l. 
L o c a l re fe re n c e s required. 
Apt turn. 
A pply 
IU 
Vanderheck 

L IV E -IN M A ID needed, re fe r- ences. coll to r appt 696-5781. 
Live -In m o le o r fe m a le b la c k , w h ite o r b ro w n h o u s e k e e p e r needed bv e ld e rly g e n tle m a n . 
M ust have transp. P riva te roam, board and salary. 822-7228 or 
655-5665 
ROUTE DRIVER to s e rv ic e flo w e r stands. $1 2 o g u a ra n te e d o r c o m m is s io n . 4 days. Coll 699-o281 or 828-6822 
S e rvice S ta tio n needs E X P E R ­ 
IEN C ED A T T E N D A N T . Son Pe 

Live-in m a tu re b a b y s itte r fo r 6 year old boy, call 82S1834 

624 • SITUATIONS WANTED 

A rtis t and w ife seeking w ork to live on hit) country ranch, reliable 
^ and exp'd fa rm and ranch w ork, dro M obil S ervice C enter, IoU o 
342-o38$ 
San Pedro, 341-1771-------------- 
------ 
------------------------------------ 

Shaklee N a tural V itam ins, spore tim e sales business. 684-456o 

Child care in m v home for work- ing mothers. 533-747o____________ 

S ilo SHOP FOREMAN S2oo good spot to r to p w o rk e r . S a ra h : 822-o761 
732-2191, 25o1 W est A ve . Jobs 
North Inc. Personnel Consultants. 
S K IL L E D And U N S K IL L E D are u w orried about a fee? See me! 
F re d 732-2191, 25o1 W est Ave. 
Jobs 
N orth 
Inc. 
Personnel 
Consuliont$ 
_____ 

C h ild c a re in my hom e. H a rry 
W urzbach-R ittim an 
Area. 

Envelope addressing, invoicing, typing , IO Key, any G eneral Of- fice,from my home. 533-5455. 
E nvelopes A ddressed, personal and business le tters typed. Con­ fid e n tia l, ne a t fa st, a c c u ra te . 
Reasonable rates. 696-8932. 

M anager Trainees to learn excit­ in g new business w ith N a tional 
F irm Call 656-8646 

E X E C U T IV E SE C R ETA R Y w ill do any type of secretarial work at home 494-3o66. 

M A T U R E C O U P L E : R e nt and u tilitie s p a id in e x c h a n g e fo r le a sin g a pt and y a rd ca re . 24 converted units in SAC area. Must be reliable. Apply rn person, 2143 
Zercher Road. 

1,ooo's of Jobs- 1oo s of choices 
Q ualify now, earn and learn 
GO AR M Y 222-8812 or 653-o892 
Someone to help me w o rkin g in th e ir hom e, m ust have e le c tric ty p e w rite r, northeast area only. 
$9o weekly. Send name and phone num ber I. Box 174o3 S A. 78217 
Students ond teenagers wanted to J wishes To reloccfte in 'San Antonio 

Eiierleeceil Watchmaker 

 se ll flo w e rs on s tre e t c o rn e rs a fte r school and weekends. Ex- j 
1 cedent earnings and bonuses, no > experience necessary w ill tram. 
661-3o59. 

A re a 
S a la ry o r p e rc e n ta g e . 
A vailable 6-1-77, 
C A LL COLLECT 
2o5-221-9643 
M ature couple to manage 3o unit a p a rtm e n t. 
E x p e rie n c e no t necessary, but m ust be able lo furnish reference. 342-74oo. 
STUDENTS 

> Housekeeper desires live-in job 5 
I days. 226-2138. 

M a tu re person I or e stablished sandwich route going out of town 

 needed to sell flow ers, $1.75 an hr or commission. Call 699-o281 or 
828-6822 

 i LA D Y wants 
: 224-43o7. 
Days w ork. Call 

 rem odeling and generoi repairs. 
Large ar sm all. 923-5326 anytim e. 
H A N D Y M A N 5 days, m ust have d riv e r’s license. Apply 9-6 Town- heuse M efel 942 NE Loop 41o. 
HAND Y M AN to help in sign shop. 
14o7 W. H ildebrand. 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS w e need 23 am bitious people who are seeking an o p p o rtu n ity tor a d va n ce m e n t fo r o ur sele ctive a d v e rtis in g d e p t., m a rk e tin g tra in in g p ro g ra m , a n d m g m t trainin g program 
Company tra in in g provided 
No experience necessary 
O u r co m p a n y is e x p e rie n c in g trem end ous g ro w th in 1977, we a re se e kin g youn g m in d e d in ­ dividuals to ioin our team through entry level positions We otter an e x c e lle n t c a re e r w ith d y n a m ic grow th potential 

3 4 2 -5 2 2 6 E x t 121 
<»r Personnel M gaflast------ 

L a d y w a n ts d a y s w o rk . C o il 
. . . 
. - 
................. ■ - - - 
- - -___________ _____________ _ 828-5169 or 828-2427 a tte r 6pm 
TELEPHONE A P P O IN T M E N T l e T u S 
FFofess'ionoi home 
Phone Cojls! Apply 36l 3_S_Preso 
M A K E R . M a tu re , p a r t tim e , I rem odeTlna and ae n lra l reM ,Vs 
■ ■ ■ •■ ven ue. v»-« s a la ry . No s e llin g . F ro m yo u r 
Mil TIRY Tm ThiS home M ostly weekends. B ilingual 
P a rttim e iKisitions for N orthside 
* * ° * r »evnce p re ,e rre d. re ta il sores. Some re ta il exper- 
CaM 
------------------------ ionce preferred. Polygraph exam T E X A S A R M Y G U A R D Has part-tim e opening: M ulti channel 
O perators; Telephone Installe rs; 
T elephone R e p a irm a n . Cooks; 
M echanics; Sw itchboard O pera­ tors. 
W ill tra in w ith pay. 

LIV E IN Companion tor E ld e rly 
L a d y 
E x p e rie n c e d , e x c e lle n t references. Phone 653-o445. 

 required. Age over 21 preferred. 
Apply in person: Don s and Ben's 
6oo3 West Ave of Loop 41o. 

MAN Wants any type Y a rd Work 
Call after 4pm, 333-2275. 

Need a c tiv e pe rso n to ha n d le evening coin la u n d ry duties a t r . . . . . . . . . . nieghborhood w o sh a te rio . M ust 
51. — - ir]P _ be a m b itio u s , p e rm a n e n t and d e p e n d a b le . A p p ly a n y d a y 
3-8PM, 11o5 W. French at Blanco. 
I No calls. 
_____ 
____________ 

R E G IS T E R E D C H IL D C A R E in m y home, experienced, close to 
M edical com plex. 884-6721. 

Need extra money doing a fun job or nave a free facial. Call Tofsy 
635-8451. 
________ _ 
Need 4 truck stop attendants ser­ vice men night shift, 5 day week, m ature, w illin g w o rke r, perm an­ ent mb, Texaco Truck Center Gas 
& E a t T ru c k Stop. S ta rt $66o m onth, a ll a p p lica tio n s to: A.J. 
Ploch Oii Co., inc. 5747 D ietrich 
Rd No phone calls please. 

TIRE CHANGER wanted, fu ll tim e w ork, m ust have own tra n sp o rta tio n and neat ap­ pearance. 681-153o______________ 

WEAI HAS 3 

PMT TIME OPENINGS 
$3.75 PER HOUR 
C A LL 341-22o5 

15 225-1666 
(XPSfSS ANO NIW 5 

RN 
24 hour home care *VQ-1166 
W ant to take a trip ? w ill live-in w ith schoo l-ager or lo ved one. 
Reference, good drive r. 342-o787 
.[W E L D E R W ANTING WORK has own welding tru ck and equipm ent 
Good referencos. 249-3321 days, 
537-4278 after 7pm Boerne 

7o1 /UKTHHIES COUiCTBBS 

ANTIQUE AUTO: '31 Model A, 4 door sedan. E xcellent condition 
54,5oo. Call 1-723-8oo6 or w rite PO 
J . Box 289o, Laredo 78o41. 

* 
■ 1 

 n ew car Sh o w r o o m 
OPEN 9 A.M.-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW ’7 7 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r /5 o ,o o o M ile 
W a rra n ty A vailab le 
* 
USED VOLKSW AGENS 
, — e w i n n i i r automatic, air, radio, 
76 VW BUS one owner............................................ 
75 GMC TRUCK automatic, a y .......................... low mileage,‘air, AM-EM 
75 VW RABBIT stereo, today s special........ 
7 4 VW SUPER air, clean................................ 
3-74 VWs air and radio.................................... 
’74 VW BUS 7-passenger, standard, radio........ 
. . . . . standard, extra clean, 
/ / V W low mileage................................................ 

J5895 
*418o s2995 s2595 
2495 s3895 
1975 
S1595 
S1595 
72 VW SUPER standard, clean, o ir ......... 
71 VW SUPER BUG air. radio.............. 
SPECIAL 74 VW SUPER ..................................s1995 
O v e r IO O n e w A used cars in stock 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n © 

33o3 Broadway — 8 2 4 * 7 3 1 1 
*I 

7o1 - MISCELLANEOUS tor SALE 
17o1 MISCELUMEPUS iPf SALE 

'65 C adillac Fleetw ood, $575. in- quire at i l l ! Roosevelt.__________ 
67 Cadillac Lim ousine, very good condition. 5255o. 653-98oo 
1929 C h e v ro le t, c o m p le te , 4dr, sedan. $7oo 673-1o28 675-233o 
4o Chevy Coupe, lik e new. by second owner. 
53,ooo firm . j 675-o434_________________________ 
'57 C hrysler Im pe rial. New motor, 
[new tire s E x c e lle n t cond. Can drive $895 or best offer. 649-1314 offer 6pm_______________________ 
C la ssic c o lle c tio n o f T B ird s , 
[Fords, M e rcu ry*. Serious in auir- 
;'ies only! 533-o827 
$4 C o rve tte , co m p le te re s to ra ­ tio n . O rig in a l 6 cyl. w ith trip le carburetion White lacquer exter tor, red m terio. Car show w inner. 
. 512,ooo. Coll 656-2829 
*" I x’ pPfSS^ANO NEWS " 

: '34 Dodge vt ton pickup. V-8, auto. 
"C u te little to y !" $23*5 o r best offer. 432-2644 : 432-266o 
4o Ford, 2 door, Sedan, *41 M er cury, 4-door Sedan, Both running and Licensed 6*5-8467 i '54 F o rd 2 d r 6 cyl', s ta n d a rd tra n s . 54,ooo o rig in a l m ile s . 2o mpg. Clean. 585o. 661-51*8. p i* Ford G alaxie 5oo convertible 
[A uto, pow er ste e rin g , elec fop 
N eeds litt le b od y w o rk . 827*5 
11-37*-32*>; 1-37*-2313.____________ 
:*l*5l Ford pickup, '65 21* V-8 en­ gine. A utom atic slick shift, bucket seats. $795 333-7*82___________ 
1914 Ford Speedster w ith tra ile r. 
732-8771 
1957 M G A C la ssic C o n v e rtib le 
Coupe. T otally restored m echan­ ically, w>re wheels, extras. Body excellent. 38MPG. 828-2731______ 

2 

M 
M 
M 
W 
LINES 
IO DAYS 
M 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 
I 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

Your Southside Import Auto 
Supermurket now offers 

12% 
OFF 
P.O.E 

WINDOW PRICE 
ON AU 
CUSTOM & 
DELUXE 
RABBITS 

Check Our 
Discounts on oil other VWS 
Son Antonio's Largest VW -Honda Dealer 

M 
I S 
S 
I O 
N 
VOLKSWAGEN — HONDA 

1 3 o o S.E. M i l i t a r y D r . 
9 2 4 - 6 5 2 1 

ROD EAST 
/to 
VOLKSWAGEN W 

N O BETTER C A R 
N O BETTER PLACE TO BUY 

1 4 o 2 N 
. I . L o o p 4 1 o 
O 
O 
O 
I O 
H 
I 
Hi n i l a f N a c o y d « < ti« i RO. 
O i O 
" 
I I V 
! I 

Practically perfect. 

After bringing you a perfectly practical car, it should come os no surprise that we now bring you a car that s practically perfect. 

The Volkswagen Rabbit. 

 lost year alone we made 17 m ajor changes and improvements tow ard m aking our 7 7 Rabbit more perfect. 

In a world that s far from perfect, isn t it nice to find something thot s practically there. 
RABBIT 
Orte o f the n e w g e n e ra tio n Vo lks w a g en s. 
5 o M PG 
$2 ,9 9 9 * 

HONDA CVCC 

Hondo is the car and Mission is the place, lf you wont a fine, comfortable economy car, Honda is for you. And the best price ond service is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•PIUS $2oo FREIGHT 
SAN A N T O N IO ’S LARGEST V W -H O N D A DEALER 
MISSION 

HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 

13oo S.E. MILITARY DR., 
924-6521 

DOMESTIC NEW CAR TRADE-INS 
AT LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

’73 AMC Matador 4-dooi. power & att. . 
‘ 1695 
’72 MERCURY Montego 
1995 
’73 PLYMOUTH 
Satellite 
*2295 
’75 OLDS Omego automatic, air, V-8....... *2688 
’76 FORD IID wagon. 11,ooo miles........ *413o 
’75 GMC Pick up. IWB loaded . 
*418o 
’75 GMC Pick up IWB lowmileage 
4288 
’75 OLDS Cutlass Supreme, loaded, low mileage s4288 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 
(\ U j 
,.33o3 Broadway — 824-7311 

 pi 
MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED URS QUAtlFY FOR 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 

73o-743-AUTmWBIIiS 
73l»milHIMD8IU8 
73o 743AUToMoBllEi 

P a g e 2 I 
IjfrZmUTOMOBllES 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

T h e P o lic y ( h a t Lets*' Y o u i i g n A w a y M a s t O f 

T h o t o s t O f M a jo r M e c h a n ic a l R e p a ir s F o r I 2 
M o n th s O r 1 3 , o o o M ite s , W h ic h e v e r C a m e s 
F irs t! 

* M O T O R S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T IO N - 

'7 1 A i n e &elto 8 8 Royale, 7 Door Ton with 
/ I U L U J Ton Vinyl Soot. Automatic, V 8 , Air, 
Rower 
Steering, 
Power 
Broket, 
AM-FM 
Stereo, Extra Cleon, to w M ile s ......................... 
• 7 1 A i n r Cutlet! 2 Door, 
Brom e w it* Tan 
/ I U L U } Vinyi 
Top. 
Automatic, 
V 8 , 
Air, 
Power Steering, Power Broket, Radio, W hite 
Side W ail Tiret, Entre C lean................................. 
• 7 «% A i n e Cutiats Supreme, light Biue, White 
/ I 
U L U ) Top, 
W hite Bucket Scott, 
Conioie 
Shift, Automatic, VB, Air, Power, A Great 
Investm ent, one of the most popular and 

 i t n D A B IT I R f luxu ry leM ans 2 Door, Medium 
I i 
" U N I I A I . 
Green Metallic, Automatic, VB, 
Air, Power Steering, Power Brakes, AM - 
EM, W hite Side W eir Radials, "O ur Graduo- 
J tion S pecial"................................................................ 
'TO A i n t 
Custom Cruiser W agon, Burgandy, 
1 3 U L U ) 
Woodgrain 
Paneling, 
Automatic, 
VB, Air, Power, Fully Equipped, Cruise Con­ trol, Power Windows, ond Soots. Power Door l e / e r locks, AM -FM Stereo............................................... t O Y j 

1 7 7 
BARONI I D V 
Colony Park Wagon, light 
I J l Y l l K v U n T Green 
Woodgroin 
Paneling, 
Automatic, 
VB, 
Air, 
Power, 
Tilt 
W h eel 
Cruise Control, 3 Seat, luggage Reek, Very 
C le a n ............................................................................. 
• 7 7 A i n t VISH* 
Cruiser, 
Wagon, 
White, 
/ J U L U ) Burgandy Vinyl Interior, Automatic, 
VB, Air, Power, AM-FM Stereo, 3 Seot, luggage Rack, C lean............................................ 
* 7 o C A D D Orem Torino Sport, 
2 Door. 
Blue 
/ 3 r U K U Blue Vinyl Rooh Btu 
Automatic, 
3 5 ) 
VS, 
Air, 

*2 2 9 5 

M895 

‘ 2 4 9 5 

2 2 9 5 

‘ 2 6 9 5 

‘ 3 2 9 5 

Blue Vinyl Interior, 
_ 
, 
Air, 
Power, 
Very 
Sharp, 4 7 ,7 9 4 Miles. NO W 
‘ 2 9 9 5 
' 7 o Z U E S /C I I C laguna, 
4 
Door, light 
Blue, 
/ 3 t n t V IL L E W hite Top, Blue Cloth interior. 
Automatic, VB, Air, Power, Radiol Tires, cry O D C 
Nice ond C le a n ................... i / Y 
) 
1 7 1 m v AA SM I T L I Ouster 2 Door, Dark Green 
7 4 r l Y M 
U U l n Metallic, Automatic, 6 Cylin der. Air, 
Power Steering, Rodio, White 
Side 
W all, 2 7 ,o o o Miles, A G reat Gas sO Q Q C 
Save Special................................................................ 
A T T ) 
1 7 rn A l A C Cutlass "S " Burgandy 2 Door, White 
/ 4 U L U ) Vinyl 
Roof, 
W hite 
Vinyl 
Interior. 
Automatic, VB, Air, Power Steering, Power j n i n r 
Brokes, Sport M irro rs ............................................ 
•J 4 t ) 
' s i D I H Z’!# 
Century 4 Door, Burgandy, White 
/ 4 D U I v D 
Top, 
W hite 
Vinyl 
Interior, 
Automatic, 35o V 8 , Air, Power, AM-FM, 
SQO O C 
3 4 ,4 9 4 M iles................................................................ 
3 3 Y ) i y r A l D C Cutlass Salon, 2 Door, Dark Metallic, 
I J U L U ) Green, Buckskin Landau Roof, Green 
Velour Buckets, Console Shift, Automatic, 
SA J OC 
V 8 , Air, Power, Super Stock Wheels, Sharp 
T T i J 

1 m r Z U E W V Monte Carlo, Silver 2 Door, Maroon 
I J V r lE V T Cloth Interior, Automatic, VB, Air, 5 1 v QC 
Power, Very Cleon, O nly. 
......................... 
‘♦ I T ) i v r A I D E 
Cutlass, 
Supreme, 
2 
Door, 
W hite, 
7 J U L U ) 
Blue Vinyl Roof, W hite Vinyl Interior, 
Autom atic, VB, Air, Power, Cruise Control, sa I n C 
AM-FM Stereo, Cleon............................................... 
‘♦ I T ) 
A I D E 8 8 Royale, 4 Door, Tan, Brown Vinyl 
7 ) U L U ) Roof, 
Brown 
Vinyl 
Interior, 
Automatic, 35o VB, Air, Power, Very Nice, 
(■callant Family C a r ............................................... 
' 7 f ■■ r i s E l I D V Monarch 2 Door, Brom e, with 
I J m C K v U K Y light 
Brown landau 
Roof, light Brown Vinyl Interior, Automatic, 3o2 
VB, Air, Power, A low, low 1 3,76o Miles . . . 

‘ 4 2 9 5 

‘ 3 9 9 5 
• w e B A A IT ! A Z leM ons Coupe. Sky Blue, White 
7 ) P U N 1 1 A L landau 
Roof. 
Blue 
Inferior, 

’ 7 5 G R A N A D A 

Automatic, 35o VB, Air, Power, AM-FM 
Stereo, Sport Wheels, ond Mirrors, Nice . . . 
Beautiful Brom e, light Ton, 
Vinyl 
Top, 
Bucket 
Seats, 
Automatic, Factory Air, Stereo, AM-FM with 
Tape Deck, 6 Cylinder, Only 6 ,o o o Miles. I 
O w ner............................................................................. 
• TA. A i n t Cutlass Supreme, Brougham, 2 Door, 
/ O U L U ) Silver, 
Black 
Velour 
Inferior, 

3 9 9 5 

‘ 3 9 9 5 

JORDAN 
FORD'S 
ON ANY NEW CAR 
IN OUR INVENTORY!! 

OVER COST 
SALE 

APRIL 25-APRIL 3o 

THIS SPECIAL SALE 
PRICE ALSO AVAILABLE 
O N NEW 
F-lOO and F-15o 
</2 TON 2-WHEEL DRIVE 
PICKUPS SOLD FROM STOCK! 

VERIFICATION OF INVOICE 
AVAILABLE UPON PURCHASE 
HURRY!! 
SALE DEFINITELY 
ENDS 
SAT., APRIL 3o, 1977 

E a s y T e rm s 
Up To 
48 Months 
To Pay... 

• o m r o m 
• i s . n . R m 
' i • • i m 
* . 
2 2 7 -1 3 1 1 
Mo8TMSM • Loop 41o ut McCuN+ufii 
3 4 4 -8 3 9 6 
SoVTHSM • 414 S.W. MIMgry Br. 
I 
9 2 3 -4 5 6 6 

'W O W ! DO W I HA VE A DEAL FOR YOU! 

Automatic, VB, Air, Power. 6 o /4 o Seats, Tilt 
W heel, AM-FM Stereo Tape, Sport Mirrors s a n e ond W heels............................ 
5 3 V ) 
• 7 A D I U Z V Century 
Custom, 4 
Door, 
Cream, 
/ o D U K A W hite Vinyl Roof, Brown Cloth In terior, 
Automatic, 
VB, 
Air, 
Power, 
Tilt 
W heel, lik e N ew . 16.6SS M iles......................... 
'T A C A D D I T h Brougham 
2 
Door, 
Beautiful 
I O r U K U L I U Golden 
Brown, 
Dark 
Brown 
Vinyl te s t, Automatic, V 8 , Air, Power, AM- 
FM Stereo, 2 1 ,1 3 o Miles, Excellent Buy At. , 
• 7 A, A i n t Cutloss 
Supreme 
W agon, 
Silver, 
1 o U L U ) Automatic, VB, Air, Power Steering, 
Power Brakes, AM-FM Stereo, Third Seat, 
W hite 
Side 
W all 
Tires, luggage 
Rack, 
Perfect For Your V a c a tio n .................................... 
• 7 7 EV I 
BB Royale 4 Door, Black, Black, Black 
11 U L U ) Velour Interior. Automatic. VB, Air, 
Power, This Car is Fully Equipped, Every 
A vailable Option, Includes Factory AM-FM 
Stereo, CB Radio, Beoutiful. Must Hurry. 

‘ 4 9 9 5 

‘ 4 5 9 5 

‘ 5 2 9 5 

‘ 7 2 9 5 

SBR V i a , W H A T 
IT S A U ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING 

75Q N.E. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY 
824-o411 

ORSINGER’S 
Fiesta Week Specials 

’ 7 o D I l l / " l f LeSabre, 4 door hardtop, blue 
$ i O C f t 
I L D U Iv lV ond white, power and air.............. 
I 7 J U 
72 BUICK 
‘22oo 
’69 PLYMOUTH S T E .3 S ." d.‘1375 
’65 CHEVROLET 
975 i e * d i t i z i / Pivtero. beige ond brown, full 
. . . . . 
I S D U I v K power, low miles 
O U J U 
’74 MONTE CARLO 
I e * * console .. 
.. 
<3J J U i w * m i i / t i Regal, V-6, 2*doof, white ond 
< « * * * 
75 BUICK white power and on 
'4o5o t 7 F a i a f Cutloss Salon, red ond white, power . . . . . 
/ 5 Q L D ) ond air, stereo......................... 
4 1 5 o 
IT A r n i i z i / LeSobre, 2-doof. blue and white, 
7 4 B U IC K full power 
3o5o 

 i t s / i m i r e Supreme, 2-door, power ond 
. . . - r 
7 4 C U TLASS OU, beige, nice 
3 1 7 5 
’ 7 1 D l l i r i F ^•ty,or*t 2-door hardtop, gold ond , m , o ~ 
/ I O U I L R white, power and air, only 
* I O O J 

 i t s M E D D ID V ana 
Diue. 
I O IV lC K v U K I power ond air, like new. . . . . . 
11,ooo miles 
........................... 
545o 
’ 7 o r U D V C I C D Town & Coun,rY Wo9on. 
I J V n K D l t K green and brown, lull power, exceptionally nice family wagon............. L J J J 
’75 CHRYSLER SSE, £**.. 
536 5o 

B U I C K CO. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 
7 3 4 - 

CREDIT 
BAD 

WE Guarantee There 
Is o way ta sell you o car 

69 M USTANG... ‘ 6 9 5 

69 PONTIAC, 
4-dr 
‘ 6 9 5 

69 CHEVROLET 
M a lib u 
‘ 4 9 5 

58 GMC Panel V8, 
Truck, auto.. 
‘ 6 9 5 

'69 OLDS, 4 -d r... 
‘ 6 9 5 

65 CHEVROLET, 
4 -d r 
‘ 2 9 5 

68 CHEVROLET, 
2-dr 
‘ 2 9 5 

’7o MERCURY, 
4 -r........................ 
‘ 2 9 5 

'63 CHEVROLET H.T. 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 
GILLISPIE FORD 
GRANADA SALE 

NEW '77 
GRANADA 
* I l i f t oo DOWN m O 
O 
CASH OR TRADE 

2 - d r . 

7 o 8 
CORVETTE 

■74 Clean Special F e rra ri Shark 
Vette T-Top, w ith a ir, auto. etc. 
S66oo Carol, 656-2847 
‘75 C o rv e tte C o n v e rtib le . L ik e new. low m ile s. $795o. T ra d e . 
699-1333 ; 7267 W urzbach. 
’69 C orvette 427 co.’, 4spd, a ir, 
AM-FM, T-Top. $4ooo 497-3761 
’75 C o rvette. Loaded. $73oo or best Offer. 736-4311, 69o-9981. 

7o9 DATSUN 

M U S T S E L L ! S ilv e r ’73 24oZ, a u to . a ir. A M -F M . new s te e l ra d ia ls , life s h o c k s , and d is c brakes. 126-o1oo. 
‘74, 26o-Z. Red. Low mi. E xcellent cond., AM -FM , a ir, new radials. 
*4595. 342-4572 
______ __ 

‘75 C o rve tte red T-top, loaded, 
13,5oo m iles, excellent condition, 
$8ooo. Call 333-571o. 

> 1974 26oZ, 4 speed, light blue, ex­ cellent condition, $3995. 824-5o82 after 6pm 

7(11 
MISCELLANEOUS lor SALE 

 r29 M odel A F o rd 2-dr. Sedan. 
Must sell $3,ooo 656-7122 
‘57 N om ad. 327 a u to m a tic, new point ond upholstery, $25oo F irm 
675-o434 
__________________ ____ 
‘57 R a nchero, v e ry good cond. 
$1ooo o r bes! offer. 623 4416. 
SOUTH C E N TR A L SWAP M E E T ll 2f 
■ 
A p ril 28-Mav I 
Hosted bv 16 Texas Antique Car 
Clubs. W orlds second largest club 
S p onsored A n tiq u e C a r P a rts 
Swap Meet. 976 spaces rented last year. Locofed 14 m iles South of 
Fort W orth of the Pate Museum of . 
. 
. 
_________ 
T ranspo rtation on Hwy 377 
For 
/ QU . P fl|||£ || J info w rite : 115 K enilw orth Glen, ! - 
” 
» »»■" » 
V ictorla Tx 779o1 
_ 

7o5- AUSTIN 

69 Austin A m e rica n J d r Auto. excellent. 31,ooo m iles, $795. M r. ; 
Thomos: 349-9213 , 349-6591. 

CORVETTES- A lw ays a few good ones to choose from at the rig h t prices at: 
CLASSIC COACHWORKS 
114o7 Soh Pedro-344-2o15 
7 3 C o rv e tte s c o n v e rtib le and 
T Top, M ust sell 222-1342 
CO RVETTES (i) 1965s, In good condition, a h a rd to p and a con­ v e rtib le . $6ooo to r both. H o rlin - gen, 1-425-7487___________________ 

71o-FIAT 

Fiat 1973 128, 2 door Sedan Stan dard shift, a ir conditioning, 32,ooo miles. $16oo or best offer 8 to S 
341-5511 or 732-3973 ofter 6 pm 
74 F IA T 4 dr sedan, good condi­ tion. Call D. C arlson, (26-8611 8 until 4 weekdays. 
75 Fiat Snyder 124 Loaded. New 
M ichelins. 492-2562 a tte r 5: 

7o7 CAPRI 
789 • DATSUN 

72 
F iat 
128 
$65o-333-8152 station wagon. 

’58 FORD, 4 -d r... ‘ 17 
SOUTHSIDE 
MOTORS 
28o3 S.W. 
Military Dr. 

I Outstanding 
| 
Buys 

1 7 4 

Stack # 3 o 2 4 
OVER 8o 
GRANADAS 
IN STOCK 

CASH P R ia of $4998.oo w ith $188 down 

 an Approved Credit for 48 month* at $126.26. 

Annual percentage rote 11.83, deferred price $6248.48. 

State tax, license excluded. Stock #3o24. 

A ir C o n d itio n 'd 

Autom atic Transm ission 

H a lf V in y l R oo f 

P o w tr Steering 

I S O CID 6 Cylinder 

Stool B t H od W H H tw alls 
UAM Glass 

A M Pushb utton Radio 

‘3oo to $5oQ OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

I 

1 7 6 

•v s 
I 

CADILLAC 
El coupe, 36,ooo miles, nice 

Dorado 

'675o 
PONTIAC 
Otond 
Prix, 

 i a o n e miles... 
‘ 4895 

BUICK 
LeSabre con­ vertible, 
36.ooo miles, , . 
_ loaded 
4 8 5 o 

1 * 7 o CHRYSLER Town & Coup 
I 
/ J Iiy station wagon, high 
I 

 mileage but i o « c n a nice col . 
LL JO 
I 1 - jo MERCURY CoupB|. o n e 
/ J o good buy. 
I 89 J 
1 
17 f t FORO ITO sed-j a q c 
7o an, bargain 
49 5 

2 3 1 1 B ro a d w a y — 2 2 7 -1 4 1 5 

7 3 MG Convertible co u p e 
‘ 1995 
69 CAMARO 2-door............................. ‘ 1595 
‘71 COUGAR XR7 2 -d o o r....................‘ 1o75 
66 MUSTANG 2 -d o o r...........................‘ 1395 
’72 GALAXIE 5oo 4-door...................... ‘ 
998 
'75 PINTO Squire W a g o n ....................‘3395 
75 LTD 1o-possenger Squire Wagon -*«-r ‘ 3795- 
7 3 GRAN TORINO Squire W ago n. . ‘2795 
74 GRAN TORINO Station W agon . ‘3695 
’75 PINTO 2 -d o o r.................................. ‘2595 
'71 DODGE Demon 2 -d o o r 
M695 
’73 CAPRI 2 -d o o r..................................M895 
7 2 PINTO 2 -d o o r..................................‘ 1595 
’69 CHEVY Nova 4 -d o o r...................... ‘ 1395 
’71 CHEVELLE M alibu 2 -door 
‘ 1995 
*71 PONTIAC leMans 2 - d o o r 
‘ 1795 

'2 3 9 5 
I 

I T a HORNET station wagon, 
/ 4 deluxe sport 
I obout. looded 
I 
I 

 h 

2755 S.W. Military Drive — 923-4541 

'75 CHEVY C-2o Custom deluxe pickup . ‘4495 
’73 CHEVY Caprice 4-door hardtop ‘2395 
'73 FORD LTD 2-door hardtop . . . . ‘ 2395 
'75 BUICK Electro 225 4-door hordtop ‘4795 
’75 FORD F-l 5o Ranger XLT pickup 
‘4295 
'73 VOLVO station w a g o n 
‘2695 
’74 CHEVY Impala 4-door....................‘2895 

BROUGHTON ■ 
MOTORS 
I 
21 3o Austin H w y. 
R 

6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 
J j j 

’74 DODGE Tradesman IOO V a n .. . ‘3395 
75 BUICK Century 2 -d o o r................. ‘ 3895 
7 5 FORD Elite 2 -door...........................‘4295 
'74 FORD Custom 5oo 4 -d o o r............ *1795 
*74 OLDS Delta 88 R o y a le ................. ‘ 3295 
'74 VALIANT 4 -d o o r............................. ‘2695 
’73 PONTIAC GR P r ix ...........................‘3295 
149 FDJ8D 4,-door.................................... M69S 

2o14 Goliad Road — 333-672o 

7 5 RANGER XU Black, looded, MOO 
...........‘4W 5 

7 5 CUSTOM F-15o V B, auto, PS, PB, Camper..*3195 

7 5 CUSTOM F-15o, V-8, std. cur, PS, Comper...’3895 

7 6 E-t5o Cargo Van, auto, air, mag wheals, stripes................................................ '5795 

7 6 RANGER XLF F-25o, Texas Ronger 
Pkg., looded ...................................................'6495 

7 4 CUSTOM F-l OO, Super Cob, IWB, loaded 
‘4295 

7 3 CUSTOM F-25o Super Cob, 4-speed, air 
. '3495 

’72 CHEVY C-2o Cheyenne, auto, air 
.............. ‘229S 

75 CUSTOM F-15o, 6-<yl„ ltd., rodio ..............’3295 

7 5 CUSTOM F-l OO, 6-cyl., std...............................‘3195 

7 6 PINTO 2-dr., auto, radio, (Mater 
........... ‘2995 

7 5 MAVERICK 2-dr., 6-<y!., auto, PS, air 
. . . ‘3195 

7 o T-BIRD 4-dr., loaded, clean 
.....................‘ 1795 

7 6 GRANADA 2-dr., V I, auto, PS, SE Pkg. 
. . ‘4o95 

7 5 LTD 4-dr., V -l, loaded 
................................ ’3495 

1722 Au*tin Highway 
68 RAMBLER Ambassador wagon . 826-3287 
* 795 

76 GMC Pickup C-2o, 4 * 4 ....................................‘5933 
72 CHEVY Impala 4-door......................................‘ 1278 
75 MUSTANG 2-door.............................................‘3246 
68 VOLKSWAGEN 2-door...................................‘ 122 
73 DODGE Polora W ogon................................. ‘2o71 
7o MAVERICK 2-door.............................................‘ 694 
72 PONTIAC Catalina 4-door............................‘ 891 
74 (ORD Ranger Pickup........................................ ‘3363 
73 OLDS l l Delta Royale 2-door hardtop.. . ‘2o63 

72 FORD Gron Torino 4-door...............................‘ 1782 
73 FORD Country Sedan W agon........................ ‘2264 
74 DATSUN Coupe................................................. ‘ 1923 
74 MAZDA 4-deer................................................. ‘21o6 
76 FORD Courier pickup................................... ‘3567 

TRUCK * JEEP DEPT. 
’59 JEEP C J 5 2-Dr., V S S tandard......................‘ 1826 
7 6 F-l SO IWB, Ronger XLF, oir, V I , automatic, p o w e r............................................................ '499o 
7 4 CHEVY C-IO Super Cheyenne, IWB, Pkk-up, 4- wheel drive, V-8, automatic, air, power 
‘3986 

7 3 JEEP CUSTOM Wogonier 4 Dr. 4 W.D. V I 
Automatic Power A i r ................................ ‘3997 
7 3 DODGE Sportsman Royal 12 passenger bus VS, 
Automatic Radio, Heater, Air, Power 
. . *3361 
7 3 CHEVY Lu* Pickup 4 cylinder. 
Standard Neater 
....................................... ‘ 13*1 
7 4 CHEVY El Camino Clastic Pickup, V i, 
Air,Pawer 
.................................. ‘3687 

“ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” jj 
GILLESPIE® 

2 3 o o B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 . 1 4 1 1 

2 3 1 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 . 1 4 1 5 

2 4 1 1 B r o a d w a y • 2 2 7 . 1 4 1 9 

2 7 5 5 S . W . M i l i t a r y a 9 2 3 - 4 5 4 1 

2 o 1 4 G o l i a d R o a d • 3 3 3 - 6 7 2 o 

1 7 2 2 A u s t i n H w y . a I 2 6 - 3 2 I 7 

714 KAZDA 

‘76 M azda RX4, a ir, o m -fm , S speed, 21 mpg, $4195. 828 7563. 
■73 M a zd a R X 2. good co n d . 
3 o,o o o m i, air, am -fm 
$15oo 
337-738o 
‘72 M azda RX2. New eng. 6,ooo m l. w a rra n ty . 4 -d r., o ir, v in y l roof, 4-SPd. $9oo. 344-4346. 
72? TOYOTA 

715 MERCEDES BENZ 

73 Capri. Must sell. P erfect con­ dition! Loaded. 655 7o24. 
73 Caon V6. 24oocc‘ 4-sod., lood- ad. $21oo 922-6o88 923-3341 

‘76 D a ts u n 6-21o H a tc h b a c k , 
18,ooo m i, a ir, A M -F M stere o, perfect cond. $356o 494-3854____ 

 ll Fiat 124 Wagon, auto, am-tm, 
$1195 691-4372, 1-535-4473 
____ __ 

•73 O PEL GT 
BY OWNER. $2ooo. 824-9847 
•71 Sexy Capri. Also ’6* Ford GT firs t $675 684-38oo_____________ __ 

‘BS TH U N D E R B IR D 
1st $595 cosh. 732 3824 

7o3 ALFA ROMEO 

A L L T v p e s -Y e a r M o d e ls CO R­ 
V E T T E S , p ric e d re a s o n a b ly - 
Other Sports cars. Call 699-o2*4 
VE H IC LE S U N L IM IT E D 

DATSUN 
BRYSON AUTO CENTER 
143o PAT BOOKER 
U N IV ER SAL C ITY 658-6271 
‘76 D atsun 6-21o Sadan. 4-spd , air, radio. 
$31o6. 
Roy 
D avis: 
673-2761. 

75 RAT X19 
Take aver paym ents, no equ ity, call C redit M anager, 349-6948. 

711 HONDA 

’67 D a tsun C o n v e rtib le . *169$. 
Coll: 226-o291, 226-o292. 
1971 D a tsu n 12oo S edan. New tires. 36 MPGs. V ery nice! *129$ 
342-2718 

’ 76 CVCC S ta tio n W ogon, low mileage, AM -FM , 4-spd. 734-3491 
‘73 H onda C iv ic , A ir, 4 Speed, 
45mpg, excellent cand. $14*5 Call 
C lark 344-4539.____________ __ 
’73 HONDA CIVIC 4 speed hatch­ back. *17oo. 684-4694. 
____ __ 

•TI A L F A SPIDER 
M int, $34oo. 658-8436 eves. 

‘65 Best Corvette Convertible 
327 4 sod, o rig in a l condition 
Red w ith red in te rio r 699-o2*4 
VE H IC LE S U N L IM IT E D 

7o 4 -AUD! 

74 Aud! 1oo-LS. 2dr., std. loaded, big cor room , sm all car m ileage, excellent S3B75 656 3o24 
B e a u tifu l ‘74 A u di F ox, 37,ooo m iles fro n t w heel d riv e , pow er brakes, air-heat, re a r speakers, delux trim , $3,55o serious buyers, 
Call collect, 1-474-7ooo 

•67 Best Corvette Stingray Coupe 
Must see to believe. 327 4 sod. 
Show car condition 699-o294 
V E H ICLE S U N L IM IT E D 
•68 Best Corvette Convertible 
Auto, rem ovable top, new tires 
VE H IC LE S U N L IM IT E D 

•71 Datsun 24o-Z. loaded, excellent cond. $325o. A.M . 826-6852; atte; 
3 : 925-5464 

1 '75 Hondo CVCC standard, excel- 
1 lent cond. 695-3494, 691-1121. 

73 DATSUN 24oZ. Loaded. S37So 
M on. th ru 
T h u rs . 
4-8 p .m . 
392-6912, weekends: 1-257-8412 

•75 Honda CVCC W agon. 4-spd.. a ir, lu g g a g e ra c k . Low m ile s . 
M int cond. $285o. 533-337o._______ 

•77 Best C orvette, locoed, 1,7oo miles. Dealer list 81o,8oo, w ill sell for $1o,5oo. 699-o294 
V E H ICLE S U N L IM IT E D 

•74 Datsun 28oZ 2 + 2, 14,ooo ml. like new, 223-3157 822-9523________ 
•72 D a ts u n 24oZ. O ne o w n e r. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
TS DATSUN 28oZ 2+2 Standard transm ission, a ir, AM -FM radio, 8 track stereo. Other extras. 26,ooo miles. Excellent condition. 5578o. 
«53r«Zi.------------------------------------------- 

712 - JAGUAR 

'74 Joguor X J i2L. low mileage, excellent cond. 
$85oo. 
653-o879 
65+1441 
______ 
JAG X K E , ‘71, 6 cyl., new engine, tires Uke new. 435-7739 eves. 
IN fw i IXPBISS NEWS 
CAII 225-1666 

CLASSIC 

MERCEDES B EN Z 

23o-SI 

1966 British Racing 
Green 

$7ooo FIRM 

SUNDAY: 828-8625 

WEEKDAYS: 222-o194 

CASH f OR 
YOUR CAR 
TOP PRICE PAID FOR 
CLEAN USED CARS A TRUCKS 
ANY MODEL 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o B R O A D W A Y ........................ 227-5o41 

ALAM O TOYOTA 
Across From A irp o rt 828-o723 
524 N E. LOOP 41o 
; ‘76 C elica L iftb a c k . S ilv e r, a ir, 
I AM FM s te re o , m ag w h e e ls , regular gas. E xcellent! 656-1933 

716 
MG 

■74 M GB GT 
E x tra s 
S u perb! 
29,ooo miles. $41oo. 653-o454 
'71 MGB S portscar, p e rfect con- dition, $15oo 699-1195.___________ 
'7o MG M idget convertible. New tires with w ire wheels. 3o+M PG. 
$895-342 1718 
________ 

718 
PORSCHE 

NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AU DI 
1236 N E. LOOP 41o 
824-3214 

'7o Cor olio 4 dr auto, air, heater, 
$6oo. 732-6134 after 6. 
____ 
'76 Corolla SR-5 liftback. 7.ooo m i, a ir, A M -FM . $35oo. M r. Bowen: 
671-7236 atter 4 
‘7o Corona 4 door, auto. air. *195 
432-2644; 432-266o 
IF YOU CAN BU Y A BE TTER 
BU ILT SM ALL CAR THAN AT: 
DREYER TOYOTA 
BUY IT 
•71 Toyota Corona Deluxe Auto, h e a te r, am ra d io , aqua c o lo r. 
Saves oos. Asking $11o(1 337+519. 
'71 TOYOTA COROLLA, new en gine, 34mpg, blue book, 5125o. Sell 
$995 674 8532 

INSTANT CASH 

P a id on th e spo t fo r c le a n u sed cars a n d tru c k s . 
S to p in fo r fr e e 

 a p p ra is a l. 

U SED C A R D E P A R T M E N T 
TOM BENSON 
CHEVROLET 

9 4 o o San P e d ro 

'74 Toyota Corona 2-door hordtop 
5-speed. A M -F M ra d io , S helby mags. By owner. 923-69o6 

65 22o, fa ir condition, m ake offer. 
651-6659 ofter 6 pm. 
71/ OPEL 

•66 P orsche 912. a p p ro x. 1o,ooo mi., new eng. S51oo. 824-84o1 
PORSCHE C A R R E R A 2.o litr e 
; engine, excellent, make offer. 
433 3487 

'73 M ercedes 45o SE, 4 door. Only 
28,ooo miles 222-1342 
•72 O PEL GT SI395 
333-8152 
‘74 M ercedes 45o-SL. D a rk blue, lo a d e d , good co n d . $14,5oo. 
847-9154 o r 847 27oo. 
__ 
MISSION CITY IMPORTS 
M ERCED ES-BENZ Sales-Service 
382o SAN PEDRO_______736-2243 

MUST SELL 
‘ 76 45o S E L , Sun ro o f, a llo y w heels, loaded. D ays 226-5121, nites 734-2213. _____________ __ 
7o 28o SL, air, excel, cond. Best offer. 49+1218, 654-6o42___________ 

 r n 
- r n 

•73 M G B C o n ve rt. 
$2795. 
735 349o, 
Tues.-Sot 
_ 

 v e ry cle a n . 
9am-6pm, 

77 M GB C onvertible A ir condi­ tioned Low m ileage. 5235o-Must sell 349-3441 
____ 

O PEL GT ‘73 excellent condition, 
$25oo 824 oo26.______________ _ 
72 Ope! GT 
New p oint, mags, tapedeck 
CB, auto., 
$25oo. 
344-5o8o________________________ _ 
7 4 Opel M a n ta . A ir, A M -F M , radia ls, 4-spd. Looks, runs like new. 
I owner. 
Low mi. $1795. 
736-36o9______________________ __ 
•71 O pel M a n ta S p o rt c le a n . mags, stereo extras 533-5824 
1972 Opel R o d e y , A M -F M 
A ir conditioning, +speed New radial tires New brakes. New voltage re g u la to r C le a n ! A skin g $1495 
653 o939 Oder 5:_________________ 
•7o Opel, recently overhauled, oir, good tires, batte ry, and so forth, very good condition, 
$145o. 
735 o529.________________________ 
*66 Opel 4-spd., cheap! E xcellent condition. 532-459o. 

'75 P orsche l l R oadster 
Red. 
Appearance Group AM -FM ster­ eo 8 track. 26,ooo miles, excellent condition. *595o . 434-o411; o fte r $: 
M ickey Smith, 654-1274. 

T oyo ta C orona ‘73. 4-spd., a ir, rodio, 42,ooo m i. $185o 433-6o64 
TOYOTA OF SAN ANTONIO 
17o3 S E. M IL IT A R Y D R IV E 
92+9451 

724 VQUSffAGER 
'7 2 4 -W HEW ACB! 

BuySeUUsed Cars 
’ a t'McQueen 
732- 

7o VW Bug. Good condition $»9s 
7o4o 
Com: 48+ 

Coll Pat M cQ ueen 
732-7121 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 

IMPORT CAR SERVICE 
VW R E B U IL T SPECIAL 
*169 95 
653 7846 

PORSCHE 911 TARG A, 1974 
Low miles. New P e rilll tires. A ir. 
M in t con d itio n ! $11,ooo (C orpus 
C h risti) 1-937-2266_______________ 
‘73 Porsche 91 I T. C ream P u ff! 
Mags, 5 speed, air, new M ichelins. 
Tape, le ather in te rio r. I ow ner. 
*11,5oo.492-9516 

723 TRIUMPH 

726 SAAB 

1973 Saab Sonett HI, good condi­ tion. $25oo 349-3o81 

721 SUBARU 
74 SIMARI! SI 695 
4-door Sodan, +speed w ith a ir conditioning 
JAM ISON M trs Seguin 223-52o1 

ALAM O SPORTS CARS 
Authorized Sales and Service 
T rium ph A lta Romeo 
3111 BROADW AY 828 5511 
‘7o TRO C lassic. Y e llo w 524oo 
W ill negotiate Superior condition 
69+2641, 828 1878____________ _ 
64 TR IU M P H SP ITF IR E 
Runs Good, $595 342-84o4 
'76 TRIUM PH TR-7, low mileage. extras. 341 62o4 or 341-8775. 
T rium ph TR-7 New e n g ', moon root, A M -FM (-tra c k 
Dk. blue. 
Beautiful! $4395 73+753o. 
49 TR *, red w ith red in te rio r, 
6o,ooo m iles, excellent condition, 
$199$ 
VE H IC LE S U N L IM IT E D 

I SE LL VW S 
M odels fro m *4 *77. C a ll: F re d 
Vasquez 82+7311________________ 
1974 K a rm an Ohio. 4-speed, AM i FM stereo, tow mi excellent me ic h o n ic a l co nd ition, like new ap­ pearance. 
O riginal owner. 
49+1525. 
NORTH L 6 6 p VOLKSW AGEN 
732 7121 
4423 FR EDE R ICK SBU RG ROAD 

ROD EAST VOLKSW AGEN 
14o2 N E LOOP 41o 
828 12o1____________ 
Volkswagen 7 L E xcellent cond!- hon. Sqbfc. 435-3313, eves. 

LIOI V M 
||| P U I 
VVUliWAbCU 
P a rt sS e rvic+ C ars 
____________ 43+1131 
! ex PBI b i ANO NtWS 

44 VW Bug. R ebuilt engine, new 
. clutch $4oo+84-4355 
_________ 
’74 VW Bus. Sami cam per Sun" root-moro-Ctoon $4,ooo 49+7439 
7o VW . d a rk b lu e , std ". r u n t 
, g re a t' $1ooo 344-754o Oft 4 
! 74 VW D asher, a u to a ir. L ik e new $244+313 o152_____________ 
74 VW Dosher Wagon Std, a ir. tap rack, stereo tape, 37,o8o m iles 
$325o. 349 3932 

VW Ejnhm UvRrtwul VW 
METRTCMASTER, 82+7427 
•72 VW good ca n , *12oo 
CoTT between 4 am i 3o pm, 333-34*4 
•74 VW." Mag wheels, T ig e r Paw tires Perfect $1o$+ 333-o152 

VW OVEffiMM. SBM $5oo 
I 
12 Mo.-ll-OOO tnt. w a rra n ty 
Northside Bug Repair, 49+S844 
‘7S VW P o p-T op C a m p e r. A l f ; 
AM-FM, ice box, sink. 
(Stag 
454-o174_____________ 
'75 VW Scirocco am -tm stereo. 
1o,o8o miles, $34oo. 45+1o24 

 e 22 C 
" 
' 
San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday Aor.! 24 1977 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
738 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743-AOTOMOBItES 
73o-743 AllTnMnmi ES 
73o-743 AUTOMnSILES 
73o743-AUTBMoBILES 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET’S 

YOU D O N ’T HAVE TO LOOK 
ANYWHERE ELSE FOR 
THE LOWEST CHEVROLET 
PRICES IN TOW N 

4 TO CHOO SE FROM 
SILVERADO 
PICKUP 
$1,1oo 
IMPALA COUPE 

4 TO CHOOSE 

 or 
Reduced 

O ff 
W indow 
Price 
• 35o - 4 bbl V8 
• H Y D R A EAHC TRANSMISSION • POWER STEERING • RADIO 
• AIR CONDITIONING • TINTED GLASS • ELECTRIC CLOCK 
• AUXILIARY FUEL TANK • LARGE EXTERIOR MIRRORS 
• TWO-TONE PAINT • CHROME GRILL 
• CUSTOM VINYL BENCH SEAT • CARPET 
• M ANY MORE SILVERADO FEATURES . 
#3o4*4, 3 o 1 o , 3 o 3 5 , 3 o 6 6 

1 5 1 
PRICE * 7 , 1 8 8 
7o 

 the little cheeper dealer 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 

- 12ooS.EJMi!itaryDr. 
9242311 

• AIR CONDITIONING • TINTED GLASS 
• POWER STEERING & BRAKES 
• HYDRAMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• THRIFTY 25o-L6 ENGINE 
• RADIAL WHITE STRIPE TIRES 
• EXTERIOR TRIM CHROME 
• KNIT CLOTH SEATS & CARPETING 

SEDAN 

*4,995 

#2773 
#2667 
#2738 
#2895 

DON T MISS 
THIS CHANCE 
TO SAVE BIG! 
COME IN 
TODAY! 
MONTE CARLO COUPE 

• AIR CONDITIONING • TINTED GLASS 
• POWER STEERING & BRAKES 
• V8 ENGINE • HYDRAMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• STEEL BELTED WHITE STRIPE TIRES 
• WINDSHIELD ANTENNA • CARPETING 
$4,995 

# 3 o 8 6 , 2 9 5 6 , 2 9 6 4 

TH* Policy" Chat lo t s E a u 
A w a y 
TK© C o s t O F M a jo r M o c h e n ic a ! fto p a tr* F a r 1 2 

M o n th s O r 1 7 ,o o o M ilo s . W K ich o w o r C o m e s 

First! 
: . 

* M O T O R S I N S U ftA N C I C O H O B A T I O N * 

 ire re / S i n e 
F® Royale 4 Goat, Slack, Stack, Slack Velour In- 
/ / U L U J tenor, Automatic, VS, Air. Pourer. Tim tor is fully 
{quipped 
{eery Available Option, Includes factory AM-fW 
Stereo, CS Radio. Beautiful Must Hurry----- 

 rut# n m * * ! / Century Custom, 4 Door, Cream, White Vinyl Roof, 
I O D U iL.IL grown Cloth Interior, Automatic, VS, Air, Power, J / A Q C tilt Wheel, tike New, 16,655 Miles........................ 
‘ T T T J 

I U , r r s n r s I T H Brougham J Door, Beautiful Golden Srown. 
I O r U K U L I U Doric Brown, Vinyl Bool, Aulomolic, VS, Air, 
S A C O C 
Power. AM-fk Stereo. 21,13o Milos, Ucollonl Buy At................... 
* t 3 T J 

 s y t 
A l o u r 
CuHoss Supreme Wagon, Silver, Automatic VS, Air, 
/ O U L U J 
Power Steering, Power Brakes, AM-fM Stereo. Third 
Seat, While Side Wall tires, luggage Rock, Perfect for Your s t A g r 
Vacation....................................................................................... 
J A J J 

 em# 
/ s i n e CuHoss Supreme, Sroughom, 2 Door, Sihrer, Slock 
I O U L U ) Velour Interior, Automatic, VS, Air Power, 6o 4o i C O Q C 
Soots, tilt Wheel, AM-fM Stereo Tope, Sport Mirrors and Wheels 
J O 7 3 

 l y e n i n e 
Cutlass 
Salon. 
2 
Door, 
Dark 
Metallic, 
Green. 
/ J U L U J Buckskin landau Roof. Greon Velour Buckets, Con­ sole Shift, Automatic, V8, Air, Power, Super Stock Wheels, Sharp 

 l y e / • iir i f e r Monte Corlo, Siluor 2 Door, Maroon Cloth Interior, 
I J L i l t V T 
Automatic, VS, Air, Power, Very Cleon, Only........ 

 im p 
A i n e Cullets. Supreme, 2 Door, While, Slue Vinyl Roo!, 
I J U L U J While Vinyl Interior, Aulomolic. V», Air, Power, 
Cruise Control, AM-fM Stereo, Chian.............................................. 

 l y e r n n e ** Rayole, 4 Door, Ton. Brown Vinyl Roof. Srown 
/ J U L U J Vinyl interior. Automatic, 35o VS, Air, Power, Very 
Nice, Eicelleni family Cor.............................................................. 

 l y e l i r n / I I D V Monarch 2 Door, Bronze, with Light Srown 
I J m t K L U K T londou Roof, light Brown Vinyl Interior, 
Automatic, 3o2 VS, Air, Power, A low, low 13,76o Miles 

.r e p A A . i y i e e leMans Coupe, Sky Slue, White londou Roof, 
7 5 P O N T I A C Blue Interior, Aulomolic, 35o VS, Air, Power, 
AM-fM Stereo, Sport Wheals, and Mirrors, Nice............................ 

 l y e A n I l l I n I Beautiful Bronte, light ton Vinyl top, 
/ J O K A r i A U A Bucket 
Seals, 
Automatic factory 
Air, 
Stereo With AM-fM Tope Dock, 6 Cylinder, Only 6,ooo Miles, low 

74 PLYMOUTH Aulomolic, 

"4195 

"4295 

’3995 

 s3995 

’3995 

Dark Green Metallic, 
Cylinder, 
Air, 
Power 
Duster 2 Door, 
Automatic, 
6 
Cyl 
Steering, Radio, White Side Well, 27,ooo Miles, A Greet Gas 
So»e Special..................................................................................... 

 t T I A l A f 
Cutlass "S" Burgondy, 2-ooor, White Vinyl Roof, 
» 4 U L J ) 
While Vinyl Interior, Aulomolic, VB. Air, Power 

Steering, Power Brakes, Sport Mirrors..................................... .. .. 

 ir e / B i l l / * ! / Century 4 Door, Burgondy, While top, Whit* Vinyl 
/4 BUICK Interior, Automatic, 35o VB, Air, Power, AM-fM, j# 
34,494 Miles..................................................................................... 
* 

1 re n / N i n e t i 51*1” 
Cruiser 
Wagon, 
Burgondy, 
Woodgroin 
/ J U L U 5 Paneling, Aulomolic, VB, Air, Power, fully Equipped, 
' * war Windows, and 5eats, Power Doot locks, 
J/ 
Cruise Control, Power 
AM IM Stereo 

73 MERCURY 
Colony Park Wagon, light Green Woodgroin 
Paneling, Aulomolic, VB, Air, Power, tilt 
Wheel Cruise Control, 3 Seal, luggage Rock, Very Clean 

 ire a a i A f 
Vista Cruiser, Wagon, While, Burgondy Vinyl In- 
/ J U L U J tenor. Automatic, VB, Air, Power, AM-fm Stereo, 3 
Seal, luggage Rock, C leon ............................................................ 

 i re a [ A D D Gran Torino Sport 2 Door, Hue, Blue Vinyl Roof. Blue 
/ J f U K D Vinyl Interior, Automatic. 351 VB, Air, Power, Very 
Sharp, 47,794 Kilos. N O W .............................................................. 

I re a ^ L lC I f C I I E loguna, 4 Door, light Blue, White lop, Blue 
I i C M C V t n t Cloth Intotior, Automatic, VB, Air, Pawer, 
Radial Tiros, Nice end Clean............................................................ 

**»*» A in t Culloss Supreme, light Blue, While top, White 
/ L U L U J Bucket Soots, Console Shift, Aulomolic, VB. Ait, 
Power, A Great Iniostmenl, one of the most popular a n d ........ 

 ire © n r s A I T I A r lusury leMans 
2 
Door, 
Medium 
Green 
I i P U N I ( A C Metallic, Automatic, VB, Air, Power Steering, 
Power Blokes, AM-fM, White Side Wall Radials, "Our Graduo lion Spociol"................................................................................... 

1 re I 
© I f u r Dolto 88 Royale, 2 Doot Ton with ton Vinyl Roof, 
/ I U L U J Aulomolic, VB. Air. Power Steering, Power Brakes, 
AM-fM Stereo, {eire Cleon, low Milos.......................................... 

 ir e * A l A C CuHoss 
2 
Door, 
Bronco with 
Ton 
Vinyl top, 
/ I U L U ) Aulomolic, VB, Ait, Power Steering, Power Brakes, 
Radio. White Side Well Tires, Intro Cleon..................................... 

’2695 

’3295 

’2995 

’2295 

’2495 

’2295 

’2295 

’ 1895 

5ERW CF, W H A T 
IT S A LL A B O U T 
QUALITY USED CARS J 

LEASING 
Gunn 
Oldsmobile 

75o HL mop 41o AraOADWAY m u ft i 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 
724 VOLKSWAGEN 
724 - VOLKSWAGEN 
! 724 VOUCSWMEM 

725 VOLVO 

P A R K T E N V O L V O 
IH SC O U T D E A L E R 

74 VW 412 Sau a re b a ck W ogon. 
Auto , 14,ooo m i., e x tra c le a n . 
IS265o 533-337o. 

VW 7o Sauareback Wagon. Low m iles. A ir, 4 -speed. $16oo value, sacrifice $1195-494-5o87 

71 VU , S V U ,, B i l l i e . , S » " radials, good cond. $155o 696-4418 
6*5 o274 m il. age. 

71 VW Super B ettie, light blue, cu T u c7 v T l i r A V e u r i i T e " 

‘75 Volvo 242-DL. Power, air, au­ to. A M -F M stereo, CB. $4895. I owner. 494-6439; 224-7768. 
I 69 vw S a u a re b a ck . Std., very 
(Clean New paint. $75o 432-o565, 
'68 VW S q u a re b a c k . N ew m e ­ chanically, $1295. 656-3661 

(unroof *13(o *77.( 7*x 
W A K E L Y A U T O R E N T A L S sunroof, $135o, 822-5796 ----- 
VW Bug, low mileage, am-fm 
15 225 1 6 6 6 s te re o , $31oo. 732-6291 d a y s ; 
E X PR E S S A N O N E W S 
428 4711 eves 

73 V O L V O 164E. Air, tape. Sun­ ro o f. A u to . 63,ooo m ile s . B est 
O ffe r 344-134S ofter 5: 
E X P R E S S ANO N E W S 
C A U 225-1666 

72S VOLVO 

V ie w o u r s e le c tio n 

 o f fin e ca rs...a 

 re fle c tio n o f o u r su p e rb q u a lity . 

From our fle e t w e now have a vailable: 

’ 76 PONTIAC GRAND 
PRIX’S from 

7 6 AMC 
GREMLINS fro m 

* 4 8 8 8 

$2 7 3 5 

 f i r 

Budget 

 rent a car • rent a truck • fleet sales 
3 38 NE Loop 4 1 o , San Antonio, TX. 7 8 2 1 6 
Don Ham -Fleet Sales M anager 
349-444.1 

72o MtSCELLAIKOn AUTOS 

76 C H E V Y E L C AM IN O 
18.ooo actual mi. Auto, cir, pawer windows, tilt wheel, cruise, swing out seats. Looks like new, $495o. 
661-4511. 

731 - M C 

'68 Rebel, good cond, std, radio, heater, 2o5 Mitchell, Schertz 

‘77 D une B u g g y . Custom built, excellent cond. SOSO. 658-7538 
732-BUICK 

PASH O IA N M T R CO 
17o7 B R O A D W A Y 
224-6956 

73 B uick Centurion. 455 CID. E x ­ cellent cond., a ir, pow er, elec. windows,, seats. 341-695o. 

'7o Torino 4 door ................. $1295. 
72 Matador auto ..................$1o95. 
7o M averick auto ............. $1o95. 
‘69 Malibu 2 dr 
................... $1o95. 
•7o Buick wagon ................... $895. 
'67 C T O auto 
................... $695. 
‘68 Delta 88 4 d r ................... $595. 
S M I T H S U s e d C a r s 
7oS S .A LA M O 
226-9144 

72 Buick E lectro 225- N ice car. 
$12oo or best otter. 492-2494. 
•75 Buick E lectra Lim ited. Blue, silver vinyl top A M -FM , loaded. 
Low mi. $5295. 661-7865. ____ 

MAIN SPECIALS 

 i t I a a a i t i a 
/ Gron(1 P nx, v8- autom atic, power, . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
76 PONTIAC block on b la c k .........................................*5195 

. . . 
I l l n i i IV, w h ile moon roof, lipstick interior, 
* © © © - 
7 6 MARK every option, # 9 9 . 
..................................*9995 

 i w 
, m m f u n a . s ' Sedan de Vi lie, w hile, fed interior, . w A f t f * 
76 CADILLAC loaded, lik e new, #1o5..........*7995> 

’75 TORINO Sr. * : T.” 
. ‘ 2895 

- 
. | i r w w 
Malibu, power steering, power brakes, t © / © * , 
75 CHEVY a r # i 3 o .......................... .3495 

’ 74 MUSTANG 
‘2995 

 i t m a e e n s / IV 9o|d- gold luxury group, loaded, local 
. 
. 
. 
74 M ARK cm, #136 .............. 
*6995 

7 5 FORD #79?reen’.,ooded'. 34!°°°m!: 
*3295 

’73 COUGAR XR-7 S V T !" " 
‘2995 

’76 OLDS S f r 
‘4695 

7 6 COUGAR “ m s 1 
‘ 5495 

'72 M ARK S S S 1" ? .................... >3995 

 a a* j» p A n f k m i l 
V-8, oufoniotic, 86,o29 rot. 
« © p a 
«> 
7 6 FORD VAN u k e n e w 
.............*4595 

 i r e * D 
/ w 
. 
, 
. re leM ans, w h ite 'w hite, 28,o77 octuol 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
ZZ PONTIAC m iles, perfect car. #124 ........... 2595 
Calvin 
Graham’/ 

‘73 Buick E lectro ‘225', I owner. 
878-6355 aft 7: /VA o3o3 

731 AMG 

1976 B u ic k L im ite d 455, to ta l,! power, 8 track stereo, 4 door, vin-' I vt top 1o,ooo m iles A v a ila b le I " 
May $75oo. 654-oo32. 
____ 

 lincoln 

 m 
« f c u < v 

Volvo wagon ‘7$, excellent cond, low mi. air, auto trans, A M -F M , lu g g a g e r a c k , b e lo w b o o k , j 392-6372 Son M arcos 

POR PAST Rf SUITS 
PL A C I Y O U R W A N T A O 
IN THC tX P R C S S N t W S 
C A I I 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

1971 Grem lin, power and air, $795. 
Call 
Andy or 
Art, 
656-7478, 
736-39o1.________________________ 

74 Hornet, new tires, air, 37,ooo miles. Perfect cond. 342-4593 

‘69 Javelin Clean, sm all V8. Air, power, 
A M , new tires. 
$9oo. 
' 349-6927. 

'68 Javelin SST, 7o rebuilt 29o cu. in. e n g in e , h ig h p e r fo rm a n c e ports. 433-1624 
_______________ 

P acer 1975 autom atic, air, radio. 
L ik e new. T a k e up p a y m e n ts. 
Must ask for Don Holtz 225-65o1 

68 R u m b le r 2 D r, new p a in t, ra d io , good m e c h a n ic a l cond . 
G reat gas m ileage. 
1st 
$5oo. 
654-1829 

73 Buick Lim ited. 4-dr. hardtop, 

I loaded. Perfect in and out! Only 
I $1995. 
Term s. 
6728 
S. 
Flores; 
I 922-o4o5. 
74 B uick R egal 
Lo a d e d , new tires. 59 ooo mi. $3ooo. 226-oo3o. 

73 Buick Regal. All power, air, seat, tilt-wheel, A M -F M , cruise. 
$275o 533-3298 or 337-774! 
_ 

I I 2 3 N . M A I N 
2 2 5 - 6 5 o 1 

732 BUICK 
1732 MICK 

73 Buick Regal. I owner, Am Fm , air, power, M r.Goss 924-7336 
•76 Buick Regal, 4-door, 35o-eng., fully equipped owner. 826-3455 
7o B U IC K R IV IE R A $65o 
922-8661 

•69 Buick Skylark, good condition, 
$65o. 226-7728._________ __ 
’64 Buick Special Wagon. Sell as is. $2oo cosh. 222-ooo8 
______ __ 
72 Buick Sports Wagon, auto, air, 
A M -F M , p ow er w indow s, te a t, d o o rs . T ilt w h e e l, e x c e lle n t. 
$2,295. 822-1469. 
____________ 

‘76 E le c tra ‘ 225’ L im ite d . L ik e new. $6495. Will trade. 923-2883 
‘7o L e S a b re C u so m . E x c e lle n t cond., power, air. $14oo. 344-5486. , 

7 2 Le Sabre, pow er, auto, a ir, good tires, $1,35o. 225-5312. 

•69 B U IC K Skylark 4-door, excel­ lent condition, 344-2634; 344-977o, best ofter or trade 

•68 Buick W ildcat, 4dr, a ir, pawer, goad cond, $55o 699-o557_________ 
‘67 Buick W ildcat, 4 door, power and air. after 5om. 826-8389. 

N E E D A C A R ? Have a Job? Some 
C re d it. C a ll: S te v e B ro o m a ll; 
222-8611 or 222-1685______________ 
•73 R E G A L , A M - F M , a ir , M a g 1 wheels, 
$225o. 
Call after 
Sam 
673-29o4 

EXPRESS-NEWS BOHUS A D S 
. TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS • 
• 
• 
2 

H j 
M g i 

L I N E S 
$ 
T f 
IO D A Y S 
M 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

738-743-MTMMimifS 
73o-743 MITDMOBILES 
73o 743-AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUToMBBIIES 

 wn APRILVALUES n o m 
| i | 
| 
| 
H 
| f 
GUNN 

SAVE ON 
NEW 7 7 ’$ 
AT GUNN 

T h a t ’s r i g h t ! A t G u n n y o u s a v e o n n e w 
1 9 7 7 m o d e l s ! 

E v e r y c a r In o u r i n v e n t o r y h a s s p e c i a l d i s c o u n t s f o r a 

 l i m i t e d t i m e o n l y . 
B r i n g y o u r p r e s e n t c a r i n f o r a p ­ 

 p r a i s a l , l o o k a r o u n d , w e ’v e g o t w h a t y o u w a n t a t G U N N 

O L D S M O B I L E A T A P R I C E Y O U C A N A F F O R D . 

CUTLASS “ S” COUPE 

Am erica’s favorite 
. . . CUTLASS 
. . . is now ON SALE AT 
GUNN! Special cars have been ordered . . . and are here. Every Cutlass in stock is specially priced for this event. Here is a brief description of our special sale cars: 

★ V - 6 e n g in e 
★ H yd ra m a tic tran sm issio n 

★ A ir co n d itio n in g 

" k P o w e r steering 

★ Po w e r b ra k e s 

★ Push button radio 

★ Tinted g la s s 

★ W h ite sidew all tires 

 it C a rp e tin g 
★ T a ilo re d vinyl interior 

SALE PRICE 

*4 9 9 5 

 iii! 

OMEGA COUPE 

The O ldsm obile 
O m e g a o ffe rs ou tstan d in g luxury in a m edium size au to m ob ile w ith p e r­ form ance and h an d lin g riv a lin g a sports car. 
Y ou w ill find a selection of O m e g a s on sale now at Gunn w ith this e x a m p le b e in g typical o f the valu es y o u ’ll find. 

★ V6 Engine 
SALE PRICE 

★ Hydramatic Transmission 

★ Air Conditioning 

★ Power Steering 

★ Power Disc Brokes 

★ Push-button Radio 

★ Deluxe Wheel Covers *4 7 4 9 

MISSION CHEVROLET 
USED CAR SPECIALS 

M E C H A N I C A L I N S U R A N C E A V A I L A B L E 
O N M O S T C A R S . 1 2 M O N T H S O R 
I 2 , o o o M I L E S . G E T D E T A I L S . 

/ - A D W C T T C 
W h ite w ith K id d ie inferior, 
/ O C U K V t J It 
V S , a u to m a tic tran sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir con­ d itio n ed , rad io, w h ite sid e w a lls, A M / F M ste reo , tilt w h e el, I 5 ,o o o m ile s................ 
8 4 9 5 

P O N T IA C TR AN S A M au to m a tic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, cir c o n d itio n e d , rad io, w h ite sid e w a lls, 
A M -F M ta p e , p o w e r d o o r locks, cruise control, tilt w h e el, p o w e r w in d o w s, sp e cia l w h e e ls an d w h ite ra ise d tires, 1 1 ,5 o o m ile s 
......... 
*5 89 5 i DODGE DART COUPE tran sm ission , a ir co n d itio n e d , rad io, w h ite s id e w a lls 
.................. 

 i FORD LTD SEDAN top, 
V S , 
9 o u to m o fu tra n sm ission , p o w e r ste e lin g , p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir con d ition e d , rad io , w h ite sid e w a lls, 5 o / 5 o s e a ts . ..................... 

 i IMPALA SEDAN p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir con dition ed, ro d io , w h ite sid e w a lls. 
L O W M IL L A G E ........................................................ 

 i OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME tran sm ission ? 
3 5 o V 8 , a ir con d ition e d , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, rad io , w h ite sid e w a lls. L a n d a u v in y l top, b u ck e t seats, c o n so le , b lu e ........................... 
FORD GRANADA d er, a u to m a tic tra n s­ m issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g. Silve r, r a d io .................. 
NOVA COUPE m o tk ** tra n sm ission , a ir co n d itio n in g, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, ra lly w h e e ls ........................................................... 
AA A I I D I I C L A SSIC S ID A N , b u ck sk in w ith b e ig e l Y l A l l D U vin y l top, 
V -8 , au to m a tic tra n s­ m ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ro k e s, air co n d itio n e d , rad io, w h ite sid e w a lls, cruise co n ­ trol, tilt w h e e l.................... 
* * 
MONTE CARLO COUPE SS, tfo C 
V8, au to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , ro d io , w h ite s id e w a lls ........................ ......................................... 
FORD GRAND TORINO SEDAN 
G r e e n w ith b e ig e v in y l top, 
V S , au to m atic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n a l, ro d io , w h ite sid e w a lls................ 
I HONDA CIVIC HATCHBACK bW 
£ cylin d e r, 4 sp e e d , ra d io , n e w w h ite sid e w a lls . . * 
MALIBU CLASSIC WAGON if.v’"rmto<Si ton, 
V S , au to m a tic tra n sm ission , p o w j r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ro k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , rad io , w h ite s id e w a lls ........................................................ 
D C I 
A I D C C I \ A A I B ro o se , 
V -8 , a u to m a tic 
D E L A I K ) t U A n tra n sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , rod io, w h ite sid e w a lls, L O W M IL E A G E 
........................... 
D I V I T A 3 D O O R W A G O N . Blue, 4 cylin der. 4 r l r l l U spe e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w a lls. Top 
R a c k ........................................................................... f t . n o i r e 4 D O O R 
H A R D T O P . 
D a rk b ro w n 
V A r K l v t w ith b e ig e v in y l top, V -8 , a u to ­ m atic tra n sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ro k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls . . 
PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE 
B u rg u n d y w ith w h ite v in y l fop , V -8 , au to m a tic, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sid e w a lls, b u c k e t se a ts, c o n so le . . . 
PLYMOUTH SATELLITE COUPE 
Blue w ith w h ite v in y l top, 
V S , au to m atic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , rad io , w h ite s id e w a lls 
. 
/ s n r i i i i n Blue, 6 cy lin d e r, a u to m a tic Iro n s- 
U K C m l l N m ission , ra d io , w h ite s id e w a lls. . . . 
NOVA SEDAN V S , au to m a tic tra n sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d , rod io. w h ite s id e w a lls . ........................................... 

73 FORD TORINO COUPE m a lic tra n sm iss­ ion, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, a ir co n ­ d itio n ed , rad io , w h ite s id e w a lls ............................. 

'74 

2 9 9 5 

*3 99 5 

*4 2 9 5 

*4 9 9 5 

*3 6 9 5 

*3 8 9 5 

*3 6 9 5 

*4 2 9 5 

*2 9 9 5 

*2 4 9 5 

*3 6 9 5 

*2 6 9 5 

*1 9 9 5 

*3 2 9 5 

*3 6 9 5 

*2 8 9 5 
*2295 

*2 8 9 5 

2 2 9 5 

73 CORVETTE T TO P au to m a tic tra n sm iss­ ion, p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r b r a k e s, a ir co n ­ d itio n ed , rad io, w h ite sid e w a lls, tilt w h e e l, i c g o c ra lly w h e els. ................................................ 
J O T J 

7 3 H ORN ET 2 D O O R dard 
*transmi»slon, ll D O C w h ite s i d e w a lls .................................................... 
I T Y J 

73 FO RD GRAND TORINO SEDAN 
Light gre e n , V 3 , a u to m a tic tra n sm ission , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w o r b r a k e s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , S O O Q C v/hite sid e w a lls, n e w tire s.................................... 

7 3 OLDS CUTLASS SU PR EM E COU PE . 
B u rg u n d y w ith c h a m p « g n e v in y l top, 
V S , a u to m a tic tra n sm issio n , p o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r 
S O f i Q C b r a k e s , a ir c o n d itio n e d , ra d io , w h ite sidew alls. . . 6 o 7 3 

Top dollar paid for dean cars. 
See us if you have one to sell. 
MISSION 
C H E V R O L E T 
PHONE 
12oo S.E. M ilita ry 
924-2311 

73o 743 
AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 

S a n Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Sunday April 24 1977 

C A V E N D E R ’S 
“SPECIALS” lh CHEVROLET 
‘IW S 

I T C r n t i n / fle ttro 225 C u sto m coupe, fa cto ry air, 
/ J d U I C I V al! p o w e r a n d e xtra s, t ie o n . ................. j o t J i e . et. et* Coronado Coupe, factory air, oil power j , i n , 
/ 5 O L D S and extras. Special 
................. S O Y S 
ITA n r t i i T U , C a ta lin a 4-door, fa cto ry air, a ll e n . n r 
/ 4 P O N T I A C p o w e r a n d e xtra s, d e a n ............... 6 1 7 5 

' n 
A l i t e 
Delta S I Holiday Sedan, factory air, all i n t Q C 
/ J U L U J power and extras, vinyl top, d e a n 
Z * » 7 J 

I T A A l M f Cutlass Salon, 4-door, factory air, ail . . . . . 
/ 4 U L U J power and extras, d e a n ..................... J O Y J 

75 b u ic k s r ! . s r « J 5 S i s i ' " r - r . s w s 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all $ C O O Q 
/ O U L U J power and extras, stereo, mags.. 
J i i J 

, T - 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, factory air, all 
/ J U L U j power atta extras. Special................. *4295 

*2295 

’ 7 o E n o n I T H 
*-door, factory air, all power $ a a a c 
I Z r u i \ l / L I U and extras, adonai, d e a n 
Z Z , J 

, 
/-1j r \ / v 
Custom Coufe, factory air, all 
Z Z C H E V Y power and extras, original, cieon ... 

 and extras, orignaf, dean ... 

I T F f u e l # Malibu Classic station wagon, factory 
/ J v n i f air, all power and extras................. *3695 

 j ast 
Custom Cruiser station wagon, factory * « , « * ■ 
74 OLD J air, all power and extras, roof ra c k 
O O ? J 

76 MERCURY power, and extras, low mileage, *4495 
,7 . mi n r Del,a 88 Holiday sedan, factory air, all . . a n r 
I i J U L U S power and extras, "A B U Y "................ 1 4 9 5 

12,ooo MILE O R 12 M O N T H M O T O RS IN SU RA N CE CORP. 

M EC H AN IC A L IN SU RAN CE AVAILABLE O N M A N Y OF OUR 

7 4 OR N EW ER MO DELS 
“ CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

ONE DAY LEASE SALE 

[~ M A K E OF CARS 
[PR IC E FOR T O D A Y O N LY 
’76 Maverick................. 
’345o 
76 El Dorado............... s975o 
77 Mark V (New)..............*13,85o 

76 LTD 4 Door Sedan 
*5495 
’77 LTD Station Wagon 
*5995 
’77 Thunderbird............... S65Qo 
76 Mustang................. *395o 
*AII The Cars are Fully Equipped 
We MUST Move these Cars 
Immediately 
OPEN N O O N TO 7 P.M. 
SUNDAY SALE 

'A/ofUh 
^EetMMna, trnc. 

ISOM ROAD AND RAMSEY 
341-7843 

★ White Sidewall Tires 

★ Tinted Glass 
★ Carpeting 

- A N D - YOUR CHOICE of 

 cloth or vinyl interior. 

75o N.E. LO OP 41o 
At Broadw ay Exit 
824-o411 
*= 

% 
GRAND OPENING 
% 
ABC SALES & SERVICE 
AIR 
CONDITIONING 
SPECIAL 

• Check Compressor Oil 

• Check All Belts 

Gunn 

O ld sm o b ile 

OVER STOCKED 
MUST REDUCE INVENTORY! 

'7 7 CH EVY 
M a lib u S / W . au to., p o w e r a n d air, 7 ,o o o m ile !. . . . . 

W A S 

’4795 

’4295 

*3395 

’4695 

’4195 

. ’3395 

’3395 

TUNE UP 
SPECIAL 

V -8 .................. $29.95 

6 C y lin d e r 
$24.95 

4 cylinder 
$19.95 

PARTS & LABO R 

$2.5o (Except with oir) 

(and resistor plugs 

 extra) 

OIL CHANGE & LUBE FREE 

WITH ABOVE. Filter 

 extra. 

Check Freon 

• Check Engine Coolant 

 s e 
95 

Bal. 

T A K E O V E R 

 p a y m e n t s 
AND ASSUME BALANCE 
V other cots to choose from Most hove air and power. 

Partial list 
•74 GRAND RPX SS, loaded................ 
AS MUSTANG 
'73 CUTLASS Su p ie m c.. 
74 CUTLASS .............. 
71 GOOG! Demon 
67 D A T SU N ............ 
75 GRAN TORINO 
. . . 
75 MONTA 7 + 2..... 
64 CHEVY V a n ........... 
'74 (M IW Impolo 
69 o P I I .................... 
69 TORO Squire W agon 
76 Iliff............. 
P IS O w romper .. .. 
72 DODGE Von 
. . . . 
71 IORG Club W agon 
73 PONTIAC Colohno... 

$3268 
S 592 
$2! *2 
$2967 
$ 996 
S 597 
$29/6 
$2487 
$ 488 
$1o97 
$ 396 
$ 461 
$4868 
$5486 
$1o81 
$1768 
$IS86 
$3981 
$3142 

 like now, 8,ooo mile.. 
' 7 i r U C t / V Cheve*® • See to appreciate. 
/ O I n t V T Uke new, a il .................... 
I y r A l rye 
Oelto Royal, fully equipped. 
’ — ” 11/J 6 o 9 6 4 o sear, a beautiful tar. ... 

’ 7 c c n o n 
H T- ,u,,7 
/ J r U K U equipped, like new.......... 
’7 5 C H E V Y Novo 
Coupe, amal! VS, 
/ J LIT E V I auto joe fa appreciate....... i j r r n p n Torino $/W, fully equipped, 
/ J Y U K I/ cruise control, perfect cond.. .. . 

7 5 CHEVY a beautiful car with auto. and arr ‘3595 

75 V E G A 
2-dr. Hatchback, auto., red. .. . *2295 

’75 V E G A 
2-dr. Hatchback, 4-spd , o/«. . . . *2295 

7 4 CH EVY loaded, like new................. 
’3395 
I T A n n A IT I A C luxuryy teMans sport coupe, 
/<♦ r U N H A V . fully equipped-perfect condition................. 
’7 4 C H E V Y Monte Carlo, a beautiful 
I T k n t " I car, fully equipped ... .* * 

7 4 BUICK Apollo, fully equipped. . 

G a la x ie 5 oo , 2 -d r. I a n d air, e x tr a nice . 

N O W 
4295 

3795 

*2 9 9 5 

*4 1 9 5 

*3 7 9 5 

*2 9 9 5 

*2 7 9 5 

*2 9 9 5 

*1 8 9 5 

‘ 1 8 95 

*2 8 9 5 

ISE BUICK 

Oort Sw inger 2-d r, hardtop, automatic, 
73 D O D G E on, power, (leon 
. 
................ *2 3 9 5 
'TC D i l l r n ^ u4,om hardtop, coupe, Jet Block, 
7J BUICK White vinyl top, White vinyl interior, extro S i l o o c 

 s h a rp ............................ 
’4895 

. . . 
Segal coupe, automatic, on, power, 
V B 
74 BUICK bargain priced stk « *B 4 !o ?A 
3495 mm , 
2 door, extra shorp, cleon cor, very 
76 M A V E R IC K economical, double checked 
3 1 9 5 
ITA D I lieu ^us*om E!*l,ro < 2 door, hardtop, automatic, 
74 BUICK air, power, extras, good color, nice cor . « « « _ 
81498A 
*3 8 9 5 
. .... . . . . . . . . . . . Im polo 
4 door, oulom otir, oh, 
73 CHEVROLET power, low miles, beautiful cor.. 
2 3 9 5 

. . . 
Cutlass coupe, automatic, air, power, good 
75 O LD S color, clean cai 
.. 
. . * 4 5 9 5 
MSO pickup, standard, oir, power steering 
76 FORD 8 wide bea, 4,ooo actual miles, long wide bed 
Delto 88 sedan, automatic, oir. power, nice, $ 

Riviera, automatic, oir, power, Buick s finest 
71 O LDS tutone color, double checked 

73 BU IC K sport car ~6675A 
_ A 
Double checked, lots of miles per 
74 GREMLIN gallon, 4 new tires................. 

4295 

1 9 9 5 

*3 4 9 5 

*1 6 9 5 
. . . . . . . . .onneville 4 dr., automatic, cir, power, 
7o PO N T IA C excellent transportation ...... . . 
*1 3 9 5 
SP3RES-DOUGLAS BUICK 

H I B R O A D W A Y ★ O PEN EV EN IN G S Ar 2 2 6 -1 3 6 9 

73 FORD 

73 BU SO 

73 BUICK 

(PARTS EXTRA) 

 vw 
DATSUN 
TOYOTA 

4 C Y L I N D E R V A L V E J O B 

$ 1 2 9 . 9 5 
SALE ENDS M AY I, 1977 

74 GRANO 
C a l l 
R I C K C A R T E R 
2 2 2 - 1 6 8 5 
2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

I y r r i i T C eetom etk, mr, 
I J C L I IC power steer- 
9 end brokes, 
* 4 2 8 8 

| ^ ^ 8 o 3 W. HILDEBRAND 
/j x -ovoh 
732-3984 

732 BUICK 
733 • CADILLAC 

I 
1976 REGAL LANDAU 
A ll e le c tric, su n ro o f- v e lo u r, 
I$53oo 734-859o 

1974 Cadillac EIDorado. Cabriolet top. 23,ooo m iles O riginal owner. 
Loaded top condition. 
563oo. 
492-2966 

I 69 Riviera, loaded! (2) to choose 
(from 5895 432-2644 : 432-266o 
'67 C adillac, loaded! B u rg u n d y with white top. 5795. Will finance. 
225-6452 
I'68 Riviera, 55,ooo mi. Excellent! 
! 828-4355 aff 7: 696-o3o3 
7 3 C ad illac Sed an D eville. E x ­ cellent condition. B y owner. 53395. 
68+1578. 
7 5 Sky h a w k . pow er, air, auto. 
124,ooo miles- 535oo. 492-9251. 
78 Cad Sed. Deville 
I’72 S K Y L A R K C O U P E . 51895. 
Jock: 82+1356 or 922-o511. 
•69 Skylark, good tires, ru n s good, sharp, owner 5925 73S-7o27 
71 C oupe D e v ille . V e ry nice ! 
Like new, loaded 51995. Term s. 
6728 S. Flores; 922-o4o5 l'7t S k y la r k G r a n S p o rt. 2-dr. hardtop, loaded. Runs, drives like m e w ! 51895 
T e r m s . 6728 S. 
.Flores; 922-o4o5 
74 Coupe Deville. Leather inter­ ior, all options, show room cond 
$4995, 654-o544 
733 - CAOIUAC 
7 4 Coupe D eville, 45,ooo m iles, leather seats blue with white lop. 
$4,35o 828-5o55. 
74 Gad CPE De Ville 
24,ooo mi. w arranty. 828-o197 
'71 Coupe D e v ille . V e ry nice! 
Like new, loaded. S1995. Term s. 
6728 S. Flores, 922 o4o5 
75 Cadillac Coupe Deville, Fully equip 57SOC 655-5499, One owner 
72 Coupe Deville, loaded, extra nice, 54,ooo m,. 52,895. 826-8948. 
76 C a d illa c C o u p e 
P r iv a t e owner. Best otter. 341-7269. 
7o Eld oraao, last year ol C a d il­ la c s most beautiful car, 5225o or trade 822-7223. 
73 Cadillac Coupe deVille, 37,ooo m iles, leather in te rio r, c ru ise control, excellent condition After 
6, 49+4721. 
72 El Dorado, 39,ooo miles, clean 
$42oo. /am-lOpm, 73+2o14. 

7 3 Cadillac Coupe Deville, loaded 
I13295 432-2644, 432-246o 
RIATA CADILLAC 
'76 
C A D I L L A C 
C O U P E 
D E V IL L E . Show room condition. 
Im m aculate, e ve ry acce ssory in­ clu d in g ch ro m e sp o ke w heels. 
Private individual. Sacrifice! A s­ sum e paym ents. 
349-4465, 
M r 
M orris 

117 L E X IN G T O N 
226-7221 

734-CHEVROLET 

•*4 Belair, needs little work, 56oo j or make offer. *55-7237. 
7 7 C A M A R O . L ik e new , *,ooo miles. Loaded. *7+o548. 
'7 4 Cadillac Cpe Brougham , wire wheels, 548oo 923-2465 

IS 225-1666 
I X PRISS ANO N fW S 

7 * C a m a ro , loaded, auto, a ir, ' power, m ust sell now, will help finance. Call W oody 433-14*4 

 vinyl top 
7 4 P I N T O R . 
. . . . . standard, AM radio 
# I J O O 
74 TOYOTA » 
, . QR8 

 afd, I door, ait 
J I Y O O 
7 3 GRAN TORINO sport, automatic, air, power steering end . . . . . brokes, vinyl top 
Y A Z O O 
7 5 COUGAR XR-7 automatic, air, power steering and brokes, 
AM 
4 o q q stereo 
J O O 
7 5 CHARGER i t " ' motic, air, power steering, power # x o o o brakes, AM stereo 
5 r * 4 o o 
CAU MANUEL DE LA ROSA 

3 4 1 - 9 4 3 3 

 tT D B r o u g h a m 4 -d r.. fu lly e q u ip p e d , a s t e a l . . . . . . . . . . 
'Ti. D I H f K 
C e n tu ry 2 -d r. HT, fu lly 
/ J O U I V IV p i p p e d , lik e n e w .................... 

Esta te W a g o n , a ll e x t ra s , p e rfe c t c o n d . ................ 

I T A / T I EVC 
C u tla ss " S ” 2 -d r. HT, auto-. 
’ v W i i / / p o w e r a n d oir, a b e a u tifu l car. . . . 

’ 7 * 1 A i T IC C u tla ss 4 -d r. HT, fu lly 
' 3 e q u ip p e d , a s t e a l......................... 
’73 MAZDA RX3 c o n d itio n e d , lik e n e w 

* 7 9 f M 
F W 
Im p a la 4 -d r., lo w m ile a g e . 
11 i n l » 
I f u |,y e q u ip p e d . ......................... 

' 7 <J r \ l r y e 
D e lta 4 -d r., la w m ile a g e , lik e 
’ * V I I / J n c w , fu lly e q u ip p e d . 
.............. 

* 7 9 E n o n 
M u s t a n g 6 -c y i., o u to ., 
/ L r v n w air> extro nice..................... 

'A Q r M F V Y 41 C a m in o w ith S p o rts lin e r. 
® * ' ■ n i t I fu lly e q u ip p e d , a s t e a l .............. 
The above ADVERTISED CARS carry a 1 o o % warranty on motor, transm ission, rear end for 3o d ays or 2,ooo miles. 
2 L o ca tio n s 

2 2 1 1 S . W . M i l i t a r y O r . 
9 2 3 - 4 3 4 1 

1 5 1 6 S . W . M i l i t a r y O r . 
9 2 3 - o 7 3 7 
TEXAS AUTO SALES 

734 - CHEVROLET 
734 CHEVROLET 

‘71 Chevrolet Im pala Coupe. Like new $1695 Will trade 923-2883 
75 Chevrolet Malibu, low miles 
Like new. 
$269$ 
Will trade 
923-2883 
197$ Chevrolet M onza 2 + 2, air, 
16,5oo mi. 
53,4oo. 
828-213o or 
657-3o88___________________________ 
‘65 C h e v ro le t V a n 6 c y lin d e r. 
Standard transm ission. 5995 Will finance. 225-6452_____________ 
‘63 Chevy It. Perfect cond., auto., air. $3,ooo original miles. lBmpg. 
623-5281. 

734 - CHEVROLET 

’74 C h e vy Im pala. Air# A M - F M stereo, good cond. 525oo or best offer. After 5 492-9574 

‘76 Com oro power, air, only 16,ooo mi. Firethorn metallic. Best otter. 
Collect: I-629-To22 after 6 pm. 

‘72 C H E V Y Im pala, 2 door h ard­ top, power, air. 51195. 653-2766, 
653-o46o 

•75 C A M A R O , red. Loaded, nice. 
Toke up paym ents. 924-6671______ 
69 Com oro Z-28. 3o2, good cond. 
$25oo or trode 342-2768_________ _ 
•72 Caprice Classic Coupe nicely equip., stereo, radials, !7m pg on regular SI895 655-oo/4____________ 
7 $ Cheveile M alibu 4-dr., green with white top Clean, vinyl inter­ ior. S2995. D ays: 532-2454; eves; 
6S8-6675.__________________________ 
7o Cheveile Malibu, V-8, air, ex eel cond., S1o95. 648 1131 otter 
5pm 828-7294 

'66 Chevy Im pala 4-dr. with '7o 
(396) engine. 545o 333-7982. 
•71 Chevy Im pala 4-dr. Air, power, e x c e p tio n a lly c le a n . 
$1495. 
433-1498; eves: 684-1775. 
‘7o Chevy Im pala 2-dr. hardtop. 
Auto, V8 $495 Financing availa­ ble. 224-441o. 

73 Chevy Vega K am m b ock GT 
14o, 2bbl„ 4-speed, std Air, top rack, trailer hitch. New battery, alternator, steel rad ials. $1575. 
826 1669 ofter 6 p.m.______________ 
’72, 4-door M alibu. F a m ily car. 
New tires. Im m aculate 224-6956 
‘66 Im p a la , 6 cyl., std, ra d io , heater 5375. 341-5472 atter S 
‘69 IM P A L A 4 door V8, only 565o cash. 732-382*. 
*75 IM P A L A 4 D O O R 
Power, air S3ooo 1-629-182o 
•72 im pala 4 door hardtop, well maintained. Only 51495 924-42o9, 
533-7987.__________________________ 
‘76 IM P A L A 4 door, m int condi- tion 8,3oo miles. S449S. 434-oo37. 

71 IMPALA 81o95 
4-door hardtop. V-8, autom atic, air. 435-1641_______________________ 
'72 Im pala 2-door, low m ileage, 
$1295 696 5246 after 4pm_________ 
'75 Im p ola 4-dr. C ream , 36,ooo miles Good rubber, vinvMnterior. 
Clean $3295. 732-2297. 

•71 Cheveile SS 35o, 4V. Air, new engine. $1895 648-424o 
1969 Cheveile SS 396 P SI, air, 4 speed. 342-4392__________________ 

'73 C H E V M A L IB U 
Take over paym ents, no equity, call coll credit m anager, 349-6948 
•66 C h e vrole t. A u to m a tic , air, runs great! $52$. 733-9312.________ 

72 Chevrolet Im pala 2dr. HT. new cond. 51295. 534-1959 
73 Chevrolet Im pala Coupe, 2 dr, outo, air, power, high m ileage but excellent cond, p ric e to sell at 
513oo. 69o-9242. 

’71 Chevy Im pala 4 dr. Auto., V8, radio, heater. S595. F in a n c in g available. 224-441o________________ 
'74 C h e v y Im p a la C u sto m , I owner 826 >565 695 8o56_________ 
74 C h e w M alibu classic wagon, loaded, ve ry cleon, reasonable. 
Call 654 oo63 or 656-6163. 
•7$ C h e v y M a lib u C la s s ic . I owner 826-9565, 695-8o56 
’75 Chevy M onza 2 + 2, V-8 auto. 
23,ooo mi, new tires. 
$32oo 
344-7oo9 
‘75 Chevy M onza 4 on floor, air, power steering, rodio. Like new 
527oo 674-4oo5 after 5:3o. 
•75 C h e w M o n z a 4 -sp e e d . 4 cylinder 826-9565, 695 8o56 
•72 Chevy Nova. 6 cyl., excellent condition. $1495. 623-5155. 
IN THE EXPRESS NEWS 
C A II 225-16o6 

‘7o Im pala 2 dr hdtp, real clean 
$1o95. 341-o296____________________ 
7o Im pala 4 dr. M echanic Special, running. 5325. 435-55ii___________ 
L IT T L E D O W N P A Y M E N T On 
Good Used C a r s ! ’ We Finance 
We also finance N ew C ars. We 
Take Application Bv P hon e’ Cull 
Joe 
Edgehouse 
222-8611 or 
222 1685___________________________ 
'69 M A L IB U . 2 Dr, hdtp, 6 cyl, std, air, 25 mpg. 51o25 696 9968_______ 
Monte Corlo 1976 full power, m ust 
•sell now. will help finance with low down. Call Woody 433-1464________ 

75 MONTE CARLO 
Block Landau, orig. owner, load­ ed. pow er w indows, cruise, tilt. low mi. 545oo 494-7141 
__________ 
•74 M O N T E C A R L O , tak e u p paym ents, 92+6671 

| '76 Monte Carlo. 35o VS. auto., air, power, A M -F M stereo. Like new. 
$4495. 927-2651. 
_ 
•74 M onte C a rlo S ilv e r B lo c k , 
Landau Roof, Auto, Pow er Steer­ ing. Brokes, windows, and locks, am-fm, cruise control 653-13o8. 
'74 Monte Carlo A M -F M stereo, tooedeck. C ru ise control, new tires. Low mileage. V e ry cleon. after 5 pm : 684 8548______________ 
75 Monte Carlo Loaded E xtro cleon. $3595 653-56o7_____________ 
'71 Monte Corlo 35o V8, loaded, low mi., A l cond. 333-3777________ 
1974 M O N T E C A R LO , Fully load edl 826-9565, 695 8o56_____________ 
Monte Carlo 1976 full power, must sell now. will help finance with low down. Call W oody 433-1464________ 

73 MONTE CARLO $1995 
Sw in g out se ats. E le c tric w in- dows 435 1641____________________ 
73 Monte Carlo Landau. A b solu ­ tely c re a m puff co n d itio n ! A ll 
Landau equipment. Low m ileage 
Only 53195 342-4773 atter 6 pm___ 

734-tHEVBOlET_ _ _ _ _ _ 

M U S T S E L L '// E u T u T h t V * 
4-door, pow er, air, nice. 51395. 
1 Will toke trode. 655-5o77__________ i '75 Nova, auto, air, power, orig. i owner oft 5: 655-3288 S2995_______ 
'73 N O V A 2 D O O R $1395 
A IR , A U T O 435-1641_______ i '72 Nova 4 door. V-8, auto air, power $1195 432-2644: 432 266o 

73Q 743 AUTOMOBILES 
737-FORD 
7 3 7 r n 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST ’77, ’76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

. J J seville 
I / Burg. Borg 
_ 

<77 COUPE DeVIUE 
I I White White . 

 i j i SEVILLE 
’ o Green-Green.. 

 i t , SEVILLE 
/ o Red Red 

’T A BALAIS SEDAN 
• O Gold Brown 

 i t / COUPE DeVIUE t o Blue Blue 

 i t , COUPE DeVIUE 
/ o While-white 

 i t , COUPE DeVIUE 
/ o Yellow White. 

 i j C ELDORADO 
/ 3 Blue Blue..... 

, 7 C SEDAN DeVIUE 
1 3 Blue Blue. 

 t j c SEDAN DeVIUE 
• 5 Silve-Silver .. 

 t T C CALAIS SEDAN 
• 3 Yellow-Blatk 

I T A SEDAN D e vin e tt Yellow-Tan ... 

 i t * e l d o r a d o 
/ <$ Gold White .. 

 i t n SEOAN OeVlllE t <5 Taupe Taupe 

 t 7 o COUPE DeVIUE 
/ Z Blue-White .. 

COUPE DeVIUE 
’7o Beige-Brawn 

*11,95o 

*11,75o 

*1o,45o 

*1o,45o 

*765o 

*9675 

*899o 

*945o 

*795o 

*745o 

*7475 

. *645o 

*559o 

*475o 

*485o 

*329o 

*199o 
OTHER M A K E S 

I T T OLDS IoRoN AD o 
/ / White 
*849o 

 i t , OLDS REGENCY 
• O Yellow-Gold 
*665o 

 i j , CHEV IMPALA 
1 o Sedan. Blue 
. 
*445o 

 i t , CHEV IMPALA t O COUPE Blue 
*445o 

I T C Jaguar t J Yellow........ 
*945o 

 i 7 a MAZDA t t Blue........... 
*2495 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY— 
DIAL 
22 M A T A o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 2 

7 2 f o r d u :u 
4 1 5 o 

7 1 £ “ >S 
^ * 1 2 5 o 

’6 5 V W N„«., * 8 5 o 

7 2 C A P R I U n * 1 2 8 8 

7 1 I ? I o T A 
>1188 

7 , S 
1 
H 
*1 o 8 8 

NO CREDIT NEEDED 

341-9412 
341-3933 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
Son Antonio 
Call 
227-o86o 
71 Country Sedan Stationwogcn, 
V8, air, radio, power brakes and steering, $1ooo Excellent condi 
•ion 532-1o18 
C R E D I T A P P L I C A T I O N 
B y 
Phone With Little Credit you Con 
D rive A N E W or U S E D C A R or 
T R U C K ! C a ll: J e s u s Z a p a ta 
222-8611 or 222-1685 

•67 M ustang VS, stand. *12oo or best otter Coll 3’ 7-6442___________ 
'69 M u s t a n g V t, s t i c i sn iff, 
Shorp! 51393 432-2644; 432-266o 
M ust Sen 71 Ford Custom good condition, vinyl top, steel belted radials, power, arr, am. 4 dr. Coll 
344-6953. 5895 
__________________ 
N E E D A C A R ’ N E W or U S E D 
W ill F IN A N C E with v e ry little c re d it! 
M a r r ie d , 
S in g le , 
D iv o rc e d 
C o ll: B o b P u e n te 
222-8611 or 222-1685_______________ 
TS P IN T O , auto, air, power, ster eg, V-6, 653-7538____________ 
•7t Pinto, 2-dr, air, auto, excellent, extras 5975 922-955o______________ 

7 5 P I N T O 3 -dr 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit M anager. 349-6948 
'75 Pinto M P G 2-dr , auto , oir, 
A M T M c a sse tte M P X 
13,6oo mites, I owner 649-2346_______ 
73 Pinto Runabout, fully loaded, excellent condition. Call: 225-5111 
Mon thru Frl. 8 3o to 5, ask for 
Rich a i d 
_________________ ____ 
•^3 Pinto standard transm ission 
Rodio, air. Red and black, s ilt s . 
Will finance 225 6452. 
'75 Pinto station w a go n 51545. 
Stick shift, lu ggage rack, radio, heater 432-2644 432-266o 

•74 E lite 
I o w n e r, e x c e lle n t ! 1 
P ow er, new M ic h e lin ra d ia ls 
$3195 B eing tran sfe rre d , m ust sell! 696 9653, 349-5321 
•7o F o lr la n e 2-door. 3o2, a ir, power steering. $4oo 342-7o91 
•61 Ford, outo, oir, perfect tran­ sportation car, 
$395. 
699-1439, 
734-o515. 
•75 Ford Courier, oir, 4 sod, take up payments. 225-79o9 
69 Ford 4-dr. Air, auto., alt pawer. 
59,ooo mi., excellent cond. 5895 
658-659o 

73 Pinto Wagon, outo, oir, am-lm. 
27,ooo miles, extra cleon. 5185o 
434-5o19 otter 4:3o. ____________ __ 
Toke up paym ents on m y 75 Elite, must go by W ednesday 225-79o9 
T o ke up P a y m e n t s ‘72 F e r n 
C o u n try S q u ire W o g o n . A ir , power, A M , excellent 828-5571; eves: 658-82o8 
__________________ 
73 T Bird, completely loaded, in eludes sunroof, m ust sell now, wit! help finance, call L o rry 433-1464 
77 T -B IR D . F O R IN F O R M A T IO N 
C A LL : 657-25o9; 342-o969. 
74 T Bird. 46,ioo mi V e rv new tire s, b ra k e s , s h o c k s . $43oo 
Bob 826 3o81, 8-lOpm __________ 

•75 Ford Elite. E x tro cleon, low mileage Loaded S48oo 732 39o9 
7 6 F o rd E lite . L o a d e d ! N ice 
826-956$. 695-8o56 
76 Ford Elite, VS, 35o, auto, air. am-fm 8 frock, power windows, 
16,ooo miles $55oo 225-3181, ask for Leroy, 922-7124 otter 6 pm. 
•65 Ford Fairlane, auto, power, air, new tires. $45o. 661-3947 
72 F O R D G A L A X IE $115o 
A IR , A U T O C L E A N ! 435-1641 
71 Ford G a lax le 4-door Sedan. 
Excellent condition. 1oo,ooo miles 
$95o-341 o924 
Ford Granada 2 dr LandouTSiust sell today. Will help finance. Coli 
Ken 433-1464 

Ford G ranada 2 dr Landau M ust sell today Will help finance. Call 
Ken 433 1464 
'74 Ford G ran Torino 2dr HT, full power, m ust sell now, will help finance Call Joe 433-1464 
Ford 197o L T D Brougham , excel­ lent. One owner. SI 15o, 661-2741 afternoons 
’71 F o rd L T O 2-door V-8, o ir 
*12oo. Call: 341-o982 
71 F O R D L T D 2-door, V-8, A IR 
51,ooo 341-o982 
72 F O R D L T D 51295 
F U L L Y E Q U IP P E D . 435 1641 
73 Ford L T D 9 passenger wogon. 
Excellent condition1 653-8542 
'69 f*ord L T D Wagon, air, radio, hitch, 5675 656 1264. 
•71 F o r d M a v e r ic k G r a b b e r 
2-door, outo. Oir 51195 432-2644; 
432-266o 
•68 F O R D M U S T A N G 
VS, Auto. 51ooo Jim: 66 1 4511 
•68 F o rd M u sta n g C on ve rtib le 
Loaded. 826 9565, 695 8o56 
•67 F o rd M u sta n g. One ow ner. 
82+9565 695 8o56__________________ 
72 Ford 9 pass. Country Sedan 
W agon. Pow er, oir, outo. O rig, owner. Clean! 51475. 661-6378. 

$24oo 
7 2 Thunderbird, one owner, fully equipped, new tires, im m aculate condition, m aintenance records. 
69+o866, 69+1641 
73 THUNDERBIRD 
Take over paym ents, no equity, coll Credit M onoger, 349-6948 
■76 Thunderbird. M ust sell! Silver 
L u x u ry option. A M - F M stereo 
M ake ofter 684 1895 
•74 Thunderbird. Loaded, clean' 
$48oo. COH: 69o-955o ____________ 
•73 V e a a G T \ s ta tio n w o g o n , 
+specd. air, 
A m -fm , 
5795 
341-3924. 
________________ 

738 URCOUH 
F o rcJd ’to’TenTYryTbeal^^ 
M o rk IV . E x c e lle n t con d ition 
Low m ile a ge B la c k w ith b u r- bundy 555oo-735-oooo, 434-49o2 
•69 Lincoln, clean, lu xury unlimit- ed. t i 195. 656-8768. 
_________ 
75 LINCOLN 
Town Sedan, moon roof, loaded, low miles, below wholesale $63oo 
699 1939, 734-o515 
___________ 
•69 M ork III, cleon. $226o 653 o879 or 65+1441 
74 M ark IV Black on black, bur- oundv interior. Loaded, new tires 
P ric e d lo se ll! 
229-15oo o r 
53+1522, M r. Owens.______________ 
775 m o rk IV 
B lo c k on b lo ck , 
Block interior. 
M o st sell I 
$779+349 22oo 
______________ 
•73 M A R K IV . L ik e new 
L o w miles. 55385-658 3856______________ 
75 M A R K IV loaded, excellen t condition, $815o 43+o611; atter 5: 
Mickey Smith, 65+1274.__________ 
74 M A R K iv, loaded, extra clean. by owner 534 8873_____________ 

•7o F o rd 12 p a s s V o n . p o w e r steering. Air, luggage rack, A M - 
F M 
8 track. 
52o5o 
732-5216, 
222-9476 
Ford Pinto 74. Air, A M -F M ster- oeo cassette 
516oo. 
Byron: 
349-5735 
_______________ 
1975 Ford Pinto 3 door Runabout auto and air. M ust sell now. Will help finance. Call L a rry 433-1464 
•73 Ford Pinto, +speed, excellent condition 51375 68+ 3382 
•73 F o rd P in to W a g o n S q u ire package. 826-9565, 695-8o56 
56 Ford PU . E x . runnin g c o n j 
Radio, CB. $55o or best 92+1349 
’71 F o r d T - B ir d «-d o o r 
R e a l sharp! 
Loaded. 
51495-432-2644; 
432-266o 

76 M A R K IV Owner. Like new, load e d . 18,ooo m ile s . 5925o... 
344-o221; 655-9525. 
77 M ark v, block diam ond edtion. moon root, luxury interior, load ed. 8.ooo Mi. Coll after 5, 69o-169o 
'74 Town Coupe, oil pawer, moon roof, 28,ooo miles, owner. 8 track 
349-9533,667 1196. 
I 

739-MERCURY 

•74 Comet, 45,ooo mi.. V-8, auto- new tires, excellent cond. 523oo. 
828-8598 
C 
67 C O U G A R 
5785. 364-3729 
•a C O U S A R i-dr. Hardtop 
K IN N E Y M O T O R S 
3928 Broadw ay 
828-221* 

•7T C o u ga r X R 7 . E x c e p tio n a lly j cleon. 5239$ Will trade 923 2883 

'75 F o r d T h u n d e r b ir d , s ilv e r body, v in y l root a n d in te rio r, m oon roof, c r u ise con trol, all power, am -fm stereo with tape, 
19,ooo miles. $6725. 492-2752. 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p « n M o o .-T ri. 8 A .M . 
To 6 PJM. 
Sot. 8 A.M . to 4 P.M. 
SHOP INDOORS 

734 CHEVROLET 

72 Ford Torino, Loaded, 4o,ooo miles, 51675. 922-3426. 

‘71 Galaxle. clean, I owner, 4 dr, auto, air. 684-1189 after 5:3o. 

7o Cougar XR7, fully loaded, light | brown with dark brow n vinyl top.; 
51495. 38o1 Nogalitos. 
75 C O U G A R - X R I, lo ad e d ""”* ! channel stereo. S45So. 492-2o27 
75 C O U G A R X R 7 26,ooo m iles, power, cruise S45oo. I 699-7o65 
72 M a rq u is B ro u g h a m 4 d o o r,1 fully loaded, light green, white vinyl top. 5)75o 38o1 Nogalitos 

1 ‘73 V E G A outo, air, perfect tran sportatlon, $85o. 734-o515._________I 
• '74 V ega G T H atchb ack. 2o,ooo 
I mites, air. 5145o. 648-oo21________ 
74 V E G A H a tch b a ck . A ir, au- 
' tomoflc- new rodiol tires. 924-1678. 
; '73 V ega H atchback. 2-dr., std.. oir, cleon. SI25o. 432-o565.________ 
1975 V e g a H a tc h b a c k 4-speed. to ct pry air. 735-2593______________ 
I 74 V ega, loaded, clean, $13oo. : 
Alter 5pm 534-5136________________ 
■72 Vega 4-spd., 48,oo miles. Air, radio, perfect! 51195 firm 
Copt 
Thom pson: 653-8694 after 6 and wkend m ornings j 
•74 Vega W agon Air, radio, $125o 
Call: 824 7646. 

•66 G A L A X IE C O N V E R T IB L E , black, yellow outside, new top, 
66,ooo m iles, lo o k s and d riv e s new. 
51595. 
Serious 
Calls. 
342-5oo3. 
'74 G A L A X I E 4-door, load ed 
Nice, toke up paym ents, 924-6671 
73 G alaxy SOO 2-dr. hardtop. Au- to., (a c to ry a ir, pow er. C lean. 
$1585. 9o‘S, financing available 
22+441o. 
‘72 G ra n T o rin o V8, outo, a ir, discs, vinyl lop. 48+5358. 

735-CHRYSLER 

•65 A N D 67 C H R Y S L E R S 
Best otter. 349-4861._______ 

BOERNE MOTORS INO 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E and G M C P IC K U P S 
823 No. M a in Boerne 249-3566 
D IR E C T L IN E : 22+5515 
•72 C H R Y S L E R N E W Y O R K E R 
$1375 E X C E P T IO N A L 435 164! 
‘66 C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T 
5695. C A L L : 824-1354 
'69 Chrysler Newport, powor ond air. $595. AndV or Art, 45+7478. 
73+39o1. 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo NW LO O P 41o at Culebra 
484-661o 
'75 Cordoba, Low miles. Like new 
S4495 Will trode. 923-2883_________ 
'69 4 d r N e w p o rt, a ir, p ow er, 
7o,ooo m iles, good con d 585o 
Atter 
6 pm and weekends 
48+6548. 
J A C K R E IG E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
$81o SA N P E D R O 
732-8211 
M u st Sell! C le an 7 6 C o rd o b a . 
M ake ofter 922-o574 or 927-751o. 
76 N E W Y O R K E R . Fully loaded, aft 5pm 494-3546_______ __________ 

76-6RAN TORINO S3B95 
16,ooo miles, A M -F M stereo All extras. M ust sell 494-23o8 ______ 
-65 Im pala! air, outo., 44,8o4 mi. 
Very good cond. 56oo. 344-9o7o or: 
Jim, 696-6535_____________________ 

K IN S E L Ford-Mercury 
Pleasanton, 
S A Phone 62+279) 

LET ME SHOR YOD 
HOW EASY IT ISH! 
TO F IN A N C E 
O U R N E W or U S E D C A R OR 
T R U C K !! 
O V E R 7oo N E W or U S E D 
Cars and T ru cks to choose from 
W IL L T A K E A P P L I C A T I O N 
O V E R T H E P H O N E ! Call for 
Speedy Gonzales: Sales M anager 
222-8611 
_________________ 
7 5 Lincoln Continental. Loaded and extra clean. M U S T S E L L . 
22+79o9 

7 2 M a rq u is B ro u g h a m totally cap! steel belted ra d ia ls super driver! 
5125o-349 5188 , 
826-2414 eves 
75 M a rq u is 4 dr, auto. am -fm , power, air F irst $36oo takes it 
222-98o7 days, 43+ 2713 nights 
72 M a rq u is stationw ogon, g o lT all pow er and a ir, stereo, new brakes, excellent condition 518oo. 
68+3644, 698-2o75. _____________ 
75 M E R C U R Y O ra n M a rq u is , 
W hite, loaded, e xce lle n t cond. 
$48oo. 43+o611; otter 5: M ic k e y 
Smith, 65+1274 

HOOS. 7o M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS 
IO p a s s e n g e r w a g o n . S p e c ia l co m fo rt o p tio n , lo a d e d , w e ll momtomed, I owner. 492-2775. 

'72 L T D B ro u gh a m 2 ddor, v-8. auto, oir, sharp! $1395 432-2644: 
432-2448 
1969 L T D 4 d oor hardtop- B e s} offer. 333-5892. 

73 M ercury M arq u is Brougham 
All e xtras, e xce lle n t eondtton. 
Low m ileage, new tires. 52495. 
8194-2o76 or 653-4o58 
________ 
75 M e r c u r y M o n a r c h . ' L o w m ile a g e C a ll fo r fre e c re d ti check. 22+79o9 
71 M e rc u ry M o n te rre y . R u n s good $1o95 734 o86o otter 4:3o 
M e rc u ry ' t i M o n te rre y , r u n s good, new ra d ia ls, needs body work S2So 696-1923, oft 7pm 
, 
73 M E R C U R Y S W $158o 
A IR A U T O C L E A N 435 164) 

Must Sell Leaving Town 
197* C O U G A R X R 7 
F u lly load ed. L o w m ile s. I m ­ m aculate condition. Sh a rp C a r 
Call: 
Rick Carter 
222-8611 or 
73+9752 
__________________ 

‘69 LTO. 2-dr., ail power, air. A M radio, m ags. 5995. *2+3o57. 
72 M A V E R IC K , auto, air. ru n s good. 534-8873 
'74 M A V E R IC K 4 door, V - i vinyl top, A C, bucket seats, pow er, autom atic, deluxe trim . R a d io 
17,ooo miles. 341-o557. 

74o - OLDSMOBILE_ _ _ _ _ _ 

" " T t e S r f Y T n j s e T Z o r s T u T " * 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N.E Loop 41o at Airport Blvd- 
77 C U T L A S S . L O W M I L E S ! 
828-6355 after 2:696-o3o3 
77 C U T L A S S i A L O k . fcOR 
IN F O R M A T IO N 
*57-25o9; 
342-o9*9. 

736 - DODGE 

7o C H A L L E N G E R VS. auto, air, power. 575o. 922-8661______________ 
'68 C h a rg e r 76,ooo m iles. 575o 
Coll: 824-4o82 otter 6 p m ________ 
’73 Dart Sw inger 2-dr Blue, white vinyl roof. Blue int., auto., 6 cyl. 
A ir , p o w e r, 52ooo. 223-3831; 
648-3oo5, M r. M urray^_____________ 

M onte C arlo, *75, loaded, under book price, m ust sell 226-o639 

76 MOVA 2 DOOR 
V-8, automatic, oir, power 
$3795 
J A M IS O N Mtrs. 223-52o1 Seguin 
•7o N ovo 
V8. S7.ooo m i " good 
Cond SI4oo. 681-3144 otter noon 
Sacrifice 7 3 Monte Corlo, loaded 
Only $22oo 584-38oo ______________ 
S a c r if ic e 
'77 
M o n te 
C a r lo 
Laundau. loaded 55,9oo After 6, 
69o 8415_____________________ 
Take over paym ents on 74 Chev­ rolet C ap rice . N o equity. C a ll: rn n a 
824 o918 ask for Fred, after 7: 
/ 3 / * rflnD 

Take over paym ents on 74" Nova 
Call 222-o986 ask For Dennis atter 
8:-656 4321 

•71 O E M O N , 2 door, blue-w hite hardtop, slant 6 eng., air, power s te e rin g . G a s S a v e r . 51285. 
922-1254. 53+6821_________________ 
'4 9 D o d g e C h a r g e r V -8, a ir, 
4-speed 51195-43+2644 , 432-244o 
1969 D o d g t C h a rg e r, excellen t condition. 922-o2*8________________ 
'47 Dodge Coronet. Pow er steer- 
Ing, auto., air $75o 656-681o. 
*72 Dodge Coronet W agon Auto . air. all pow er, roof rack. New battery and shocks. Low mileage 
Im m aculate! $2295 *61-3994 after 
6. 
‘75 Dodge Dart, auto, air, cruise 
Bes) otter 349-59o2, 342 588o 
'69 Dodge Dart. radio, healer, air, pow er, new paint, v e ry cleon. m ust sell' 924 15o8________________ 
‘75 Dodge M onaco 4-dr loaded, extra cleon. 
Sacrifice. 
S22SO 
533 337o.__________________________ 
D o d g e V an , 7 4 . S285o or best offer Excellent cond *74-2528 or 
673 2481 

' ' Maverick" G rabber Std., I on floor. $1595. 226-o29), 226-o292. 
66 M ustang C lassic G T, Fastback 
Model, A ll O rig in a l, L ik e New 
Condition, M u st See This B e a u ­ tiful 
Car. 
$2o95. 
Coll 
Clark. 
34+4539 
_ 
'64 M u stan g Convertible. S1495~ j 
Call 226-o291, 226-o292___________ 
67 M U ST A N G , 5795 
67 Cougar, 5795 344 3729 

'73 M U S T A N G 2-DR. 
Take over paym ents no equity, coll credit m onoger, 349-6948 
1969 M ustang Fastback, outo. air, power. 51195. 655-5o94___________ 
‘66 M U S T A N G 
Fully restored S9oo 337-58o2 
65 M U S T A N G G T coupe, I owner. 
Body dom age som e rust, $12oo 
Austin, 1-478-1242 
_____________ _ 
'7 * M u sta n g ll, auto, 4 cyi, a in am -fm stereo, vin y l roof, 12,ooo miles, 538oo 53+8733. 

, 77 Cutlass S, 39oo miles. Power. lair, V I, sport wheels, m irro rs, steel belted radials, 2-doer 546oo 
47*4758 
*1 Cutlass $, I owner, excellent cu n n in g condition, autom atic, 2 dr, bucket seals, console, polyglos tires, ond more $525. Ask tor M r 
Leym on 828 8444. Oft 6: 65+8713 
47 Cutlass Suprem e O rig owner. sower air A i 5795. 65+3937 
74 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E , nice, rake up payments, 924-4671 
72 Cutlass Suprem e Conversible 
Autom atic, air, pow er, bucket seats, c o n so le 
C a ll: M o n u R i 
J4I-V433, 349-7273 

‘75 ^Mustang ll Ghio. V4, 4-spdT low mileage. Like new. 342-249o 
71 M ustang M ach i 3o2 VS, std a ir, p ow er. 24m pg. L ik e new. 
Owner 52495. 341 2933 
'74 M ustang M ach I. loaded, low ml. excellent. 52695 734 9344 
"46 M u sta n g . 3-so()., air. G ood condition 585o 454-644o 
________ 
'44 M u sta n g , stj., 4 cyl. e xtra d e a n , e c o n o m ic a l new tire s, good point 5975 441 4894_________ 

74 Cuirass Suprem e V-8. auto air, sow er steering, v in y l top 52695 
432-2444 432-264o_________________ 
»8 Cutlass Supreme, *68 L e M o n s 
Coupe Both like new 51295 W ill trode 923-2883 
73 C u tla ss Su p re m e , I ow ner 
)28-6355 Otter 7 : 694-o3o3_________ 
74 Cutlass Suprem e very clean! 
>78-6355 otter 7- 49+o3o3 
71 Cutlass Suprem e Convertible 
Air, power, 
A M -F M . 
521oo 
342-1463. 
1973 Delta .8' +<»ogr. Air, pawer. 
One owner 521 SO 68+6+3o 
71 Delta 88. Real nice. Sl495 Coil 
>4+3729 

66 M o n a c o VS, auto, p o w e r, 
Clean. 5375. After 5, 922-5711 
•49 S U P E R B E E 
Loaded 
5995. 
337-58o2. 

,7 2 Monte C arlo Air, oil power, 
.goad condition. 52o25. 342-7893. 

T ake o v e r p a y m e n ts on 
75 
C a m a ro C a ll 222-o98* a s k fo r 
Dennis after 8:-45+4321 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A IL A B L E 
Take up paym ent* with qualified credit Applications accepted bv phone No application refused 
M R : P A R L ______________ 227-1415 

7 5 F o R D ; “ :x ti* ............ 

7 1 O t D S ^ r 

*415o 

*125o 

65 V W k*,!., 
‘ 8 5 o 

72 CAPRI 
*1 28 8 

71 TO YO TA b ig tit l l O O 

71 D* ™ L >1o88 
NO CREoIT NU Of D 

341*9412 341-3933 

M IK E S USED CARS 

73 Delta 84 Royale. Air, pawer, 
151895. 65*3221; 221 2424. 
7 J Delta R o v o ia l 2-<lr. stereo, loaded Sacrifice SUSQ 65+1965. 

Htrtz Is Selling Quality 
Used C ots From O ur Rental Fleet 
(1976 Used) 
1331 SO U TH T E R M IN A L 
F or information Coll >26-9665 

72LUXURY LEMANS $1195 
Air. power auto 435-1641 
197o O LO D E L T A 88. 4 door 
_______ <7oo 82+793o 
47 Olds Cuirass, excellent condi- lion. OOO or best otter. 435-31U 
77 O L D S Cuttoss Suprem e 
Brougham , loaded. N e ve r re g is ­ tered Si'll in warranty $12oo under list 924-6671 
'49 Olds 442 Cutlass. I owner, air. steel radials. 732-2oo2. 
T T o L D s 'iE u T L A s S T il J I 
AIR AUTO 43+1441 
JHA! 
'71 olds Cutlass V «, auto air, 
51495 432 2*44; <32 2+6o 
IN THI IX OBI 55 N fW i 
C A II 225-166* 

; 
AMERICAN '! 
; 
MOBILE 
\ 
I & MODULAR 
J 
3oo4 s. w. 
; 
< 
MILITARY DR. 
J 
* 
SANANTONIO ‘ 
; 
922-18oo 
J 
! ★ RIGHT ACROSS ! 
I FROM CHURCH’S J 
| FRIED CHICKEN! ★ I 

" 
T W 
WORLD 
ALMANAC 

8114 • BOATS. MOTORS 

 i H k ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

I BERTRAM YACHTS * tJL 
W 
^ For Immediate Delivery * 
♦ 
NEW BERTRAMS, 
J 
J 
42 ,28', & 3V 
J 

♦ 
USED BERTRAMS 
* 
♦ 
S’ 
31 
19/o Elbridge Cruiser, twin 

♦ 32S 
HP 
Mercruiser, 
Inboard J 

Engines, B'mmi Top, sun owning. J 

^ VHT radio, gin pole, outriggers & ? 

^ much more. A steal ot $?/,9oo. 
*• rn 

♦ 35' Flybndge Conwcrtible, twin J 

^ 225 HP Diesels, on, generator, 5 

^outriggers, fighting chair, Bimini 

"T Top. with wind screen. Oepth ^ 

? recorder, loran CB A VHT radio A + 

 reol bargain $68,5oo j f 
J • GULF COAST MARINE % 

^ , 
"T e x a s large st Bertram 
♦ 

D e aler" 
J 

J Call: Bill HOIMES 
J 

J 
512^888 82o6 
J 

San Antonio F X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday April 24 1977 

‘TO H o n d a C L-35o E x c e lle n t con dition. MSO. 924-2532.____________ __ 

'7 3 H O N D A 4 CVI, im m a c u la t e 
S99S Trode. 342-2o93_______________ 
; 
APRIL 
I I! SPECIAL I! 

'NICE 12X5oREPO 
; 
2 BEDROOMS 
J ONLY $5oo DOWN 
I& $98. PerMonthl! 

746 TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. RilStS 
The Ultimate experience that makes the going grand! 
•75 f o r a t r a c t o r t r u c k . T w in sc re w , 35o C u m m in s d ie se l, 
74 
H o b b s 
3 d eck stock trlr. 
I 5o5-1171.__________________________ 

•76 H o n d a 125 E ls in o r e . N e w at 
X m a s , not stock. $55o firm . M o ­ to c ro ss boots, new at X m a s, sire 
7, $35 696 7o28_____________________ 
•73 H o n d a 75o 4. F u ll d re ss, low mi. I ow ner. SU SQ 342 7215 
1972 H o n d o 75o lo o k s a n d r u n s a r e a l M o s t se ll-m o v in g ! $12oo. 
Coll 226-9763 otter 12 Noon._______ 
•72 H O N D A 75o, $1o5o, 826-9J83. 
M o n -F ri. 
•73 H o n d a 45o. M u s t se e to a o - oreciate, excellent cond. 436-o314 
H O N D A O E S A N A N T O N IO 
57o8 M O B U D 
___________684 3682 
•75 H o n d o 75o S u p e r sp o r L 12,ooo m ile s , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . 
227-5187 o r 654-o854.________________ 

TINDALL and SON 
PONT1AC-GMC, INC. 
Authorized Dealer for_ 
• EXECUTIVE • 
• ITASCA • 
• EXPLORER • 
MOTOR HOMES 
Phis a full line of used TV. vehicles 
46oo SAN PEDRO 
7J4J SSI •» 734-1 W I M H tu N syd 

XPLORER 
3o7 

•45 F o rd troller toter, I ' ? ton, ex- cetlent condition. 494-7315.________ 

•76 F o r d T ru c k I W B , 6 c y lin d e r sta nd a rd . $3565 822 9916___________ 
VACATION TIME IS NEAR 

SELECT YO U R M IN I-M O T O R H O M E 
V A N OR PICK-U P 
_ 
- 

F O R D 9ooo T w in S c re w 318 ho 
Detroit D iesel $65oo. 25 T. C o w b o y 
$45oo 532-4151._____________________ 

7 4 F o r d V a n , a ir, auto, p o w e r, 
828-6355 ofter 7: 696-o3o3__________ 
•76 F o rd V on, $2oo a n d toke o v e r paym en ts. 333-662o ofter $ pm . 
7 5 F o r d V o n C u s t o m iz e d b y 
C la ssic . U n iq u e paint. C o v e tu n ­ nel. 
T rim m e d in w hite lur. 
$7195-341-o525_____________ 
7 6 C O O D E 2o' M in i M o to r hom e, a ir, ste e p s 4, o m -fm ra d io , se lf cont. 434-5778______________________ 
WE HAVE A 
GOOD SELECTION 
OF NEW VANS 

Pure luxury - with elegant standard features like calor TV, microwave oven 

 and lots more. Exceptional craftsmanship throughout tame try one on for 

 size today 
FRY M OTORS INC. 
2o6 WEST POLK 
BURNET, TX 78611 
Phone:(512) 756-2128 
The be«P In Motor Homo living from Xploror. 

1975 H o n d a 4oo 4 S u p e r S p o rt, 
I ike new. 6oo mi. $95o 492-928o 
•61 F O R D V A N 
6 cyl. sta nd a rd , $4oo 922-8661 

F o r d V a n 7 6 , E IS # . A u to m a tic , air. 8,ooo m iles. U se s r e g u la r or u n le a d e d . T o k e u p p a y m e n t s . 
M u st a sk tor D o n Holtz 225-65o1 

7 7 
F o r d 
V o n 
E c o n o l in e 
15o-826 9565, 695-8o56 
__________ 

7 3 E sc a p a d e , 8. C ow m ites L ik e new. F u lly can io n e d . T a k e trad e in, auto or truck. 333-1773_________ 

1971 H O N D A IOO X C . E x c e lle n t for b eginner. C all 342-o313. 
J O E H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
Sa le s-Se rv tc e -P o rts 
971o IH-35 NO. 
________ 456 94oo 

1974 K a w a s a k i 175 E n d u ro , lo w m ile a g e 
E x c e ll e n t c o n d it io n . 
W ith helm ets. $495 684-8217 

7 5 D M C 19' M in i M o to r H om e, low m ile age , fully setfcontoined, with all e x tra s C ots of T C C . F o r sole o r trade. 696-2o75._________ 

'75 G M C M in i M o to r Hom e, 12,ooo m i, 22', loaded, $11,ooo. 696 7498 or 
2 2 6 - 4 1 6 4 _________________________ 

•74 F o rd V o n half ton, 6 cyl stun d ord. M o n thru F r i call 532-3238; 
Sat a n d Sun, 532-5o77._____________ 
•75 K o w a s a k i G 5 IOO, e x c e lle n t cond. C ow m ileage. $385. 822-7191 

1975 K a w a s a k i K O U S E xce lle n t condition. $275. 492-9962. 
•76 K a w a s a k i K Z 75o, e x c e lle n t condition, 3,ooo m ile s 656-6611. 
1976 K a w a s a k i K Z 4 o o , h e a d e r s a n d lu g g a g e rac k, shoe! h elm et, full toce, sacrifice, 736-5756 

•75 C a v e rd a 75o cc, 1,85o m ile s. sh o w ro o m cond., $135o. 661-5422. 

M O T O R C Y C L E S P E C I A L T I E S 
Jap a n e se M o to rcy cle Sp e cia lists. 
T u n e - u p s p e c i a l ! 
A ll H o n d o 
4’s-$15; A ll H o n da twins-$1o. G oo d th ru M a y Isl. W ir in g p r o b le m s solved. 1o9o3 C W ye D r. ( I blk. off 
P e rrin B eifel) 657-2ooo. 
•69 N O R T O N 75o C u s t o m C h o p ­ per. $775. 341-5472 ofter S. 
P e n to n IOO M X d irt b ik e , $45<L g re a t sh o n e ! 7 o H o n d a 7o t ra il bike, $15o. low m ileage. 653-4361. 
Q u itt in g the S p o r t ! S e llin g ‘65 
H o rle v (74) w ith sid e c a r, o th e r ports. $22oo firm . 226-8851.________ 
S A N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L E S 
K A W A S A K I Soles, Se rvic e , P o r t s 
313 N A K O M A _____________ 494-5254 

7 2 Su zu ki 5oo cc, se e to a pp rec. 
342-4286; 69o 9935 aft 5 
7 2 S u zu k i E n d u ro 25o, $3oo. '74 
H u s k y 75o C R , ru n s- lo o ks good. 
565o 735-486o ofter 8pm ____________ 
7 4 Su zu ki G T 55o. A l! W in d io m m er, d re sse d out. $13oo 975-6312 
•69 S u z u k i 125. 9,ooo m i., $2oo. 
656 3426 otter 4 p.m.__________ 

1974 T riu m p h bonncvitlc. 75o. E x - ceilent 6,ooo act. m iles. See, rid e at 5431 C restw ay. 655-3561 
1969 T R IU M P H C hopped, lots Of chrom e. Coll: 734-8296. 
W A N T E D , H o n do A T C 7o o r 9o in good condition 1-625-1751 
7 1 X C C H , e x c e l. c o n d . 514oo. 
1 379-1818 
M F 
9-5:3o 
A sk fo r 
Robo_______________________________ 
197o Y a m a h a 65o ch o p p e r, go o d conditio I, best offer. 349-o67o. 

7 3 Y A M A H A 75o $95o 
727-4141 d ays, 734 8339 

'75 Y a n ia h o E n d u ro , 4oocc, go o d condition, $65o 826-5o82 
7 4 Y a m a h a 65o excellent co n d ^ 
5,ooo m iles. $9oo 653-4337__________ 
•76 Y a m a h a X S 6 5 o" L ik e new . 
O ne ow ner. L e s s than 55oo actual m ile s. P e r fe c t c o n d itio n . F u lly d ressed. P lu s H o o ke r h e a d e rs, a ir horn s, b ack rest, a n d C B set UP. 
S18oo. 658-9917______________________ 

G M C M O T O R H O M E 
F O R R E N T 
349 o772; 349-4311; 734-9389 

F O R S A L E : T ra ile r, G o o se n e c k 
Used, 26' Fla t Bed, D u a l T a n d e m 
V a c u u m B ra k e s, G ood C ondition. 
$32oo Coll M ik e ; 226-8271__________ 
•69 G M C H A L F T O N 
See ot 3o3 F re d sb g . R d 
P R O W L E R 
SALE!! 
NATIONS No. I 
SILLER N O W AT 
SPECIAL 
PRE-SEASON PRICES 
All Models. 17 '-3 1 ' 
Included. EXAMPLE: 
23’ PROWLER 
Sleeps 6- W as $5195 
NOW $4695. 
TRAVEIToWN 
TEXAS. INC. 
% o o IH 35 ti. 653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson's 
OREN 9 til dark Mon.-Erf. 
9-6 Sot. 1*5 Sundays 

OVERSOLD SINCE’ 

JAN. SHOW : 

ARRIVED. 

♦ 7 7 V j COBIA G u lW ffa m "o 2 VU 
Ford OMC (fvinrude) 
? ? ft cutty cabin-cruiser w/more fishable spore, speed, stability, SAFETY than mony 
75 footers Get PROOF ride In (3) 2 2 ’ 
COBIAS: IN or outboard (2oo up 
EVINRUDE) rutty or stondup robin vv/flybridge upper-rontrols, galley, 
SHOWER, 351 VB, W O W ! Now. Next load 24 Ft. 351 VB etc 

• See GLASSMASTER 

* COBIA 
> 

* RICHLINE 

 fish ski/tompers retom business/ employees/family, charge off S 

* RICHLINE 15 ft drlux flat S239. 

♦ Meet or beat EVINRUDE deals 

♦ Used Oldie 12 hp OMC on 12 ft 

 gloss, plain $39o Others to S598o, 
BANK rotes, warranty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PARK FREE 
5o marine years in S A 227-2112 
9 6 p m . Thurs Nit© 9 p rn. Closed Sot 

D o ily a n d W e e k ly R o te s 
A L L P O W E R A N D A I R , W IT H 
C O M P L E T E T O W P A C K A G E . 
R E A D Y T O H O O K U P 
P H O N E 
•75 G M C S i e r r a C l a s s i c 45 4 , pow er, air, reg. ga s, new m u d g rip 
♦ ire s , m o r e . 3 8 ,o o o m l, w it h c ab ove r cam p er. $5695 o r trade. 
828-3295, 337-6o14.__________________ 

1976 J a m b o re e M in i Hom e. G M C c h a ss is . L ik e new. In w a r r a n t y . 
E v e r y extra. 492-2945._____________ 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

3 
4 
1 - 5 5 7 1 

F o r u se d m obile h o m e s 
924-4424 
824-324o 
L u x u r y M o to r H o m e s Rent. L o w 
Rotes. 658-7661, 656-7119___________ 
11 Vt* 
C O A C H M E N 
C a m p e r 
C a b o v e r , a ir , e x c e lle n t c o n d 
S22So. 924-4891; 627-2144___________ 

1974 G M C % ton. C B. All pow er, air. 735-2593 
__ 
1975 M in i, 19,ooo m iles. G E N self contained. 349-7876, 344-967o 
N ew -U sed . 114oo IH 3SN. 655-o471 
'76 G M C I ton flatbed L W B . 35o, 
4-spd., low m iles. 649-254o.________ 
C o m p le t e R i g - L u x u r i o u s 31• 
B o le s A e ro a n d F o rd F25o R a n g e r 
X L T P ic k u p w ith canopy- L oa d e d - 
B oth v e h icle s like new- 622-3464. 

M o b ile h om e 14’X8o. 3-bedroom , 2 b a th s w ith b uilt In fire p la ce . 3 ' z y e a r s o ld . O n ly p a r t ia l l y f u r - n lshed. C oll: 337-81o9___________ ___ 
'72 M o b ile H o m e , 17 x 4 o ’, $375o 
C o li 681 18o4 e v e n in g s o r w e e - k e n d s 
‘ “ M O B I L E H O M E O W N E R S 
N eed a little e x tra c a s h * 
W E b uy M o b ile H o m e T ir e s a n d 
W h ee ls $1o. E a c h B r in g in o r w e p ick u p 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
7762 5 W M I L I T A R Y D R . 
922 o54o 
N O O V E R H E A D 
M e a n s lo w e r p r ic e s !! C o m e se e the b e a u t if u l G U E R D O N w ith w ood b u r n in g fire p la ce . W e a ls o h a v e C H A M P I O N h o m e s w it h sh e et ro c k w a lls. A n d the b e a u ­ tiful N A T IO N A L D o u g le w id e s ’ ! 
B U C K I N G H A M H O M E S 658-2811. 
•74 P a rk w o o d , 65’x l J ’ u n fu rn ish e d 
3 2, h a s s k ir t in g a n d tie d o w n s, c e n tr a l a ir a n d h e a t B e a u t ifu l cond. L o w e q u ity. A s s u m e $126 a e r m o 924-2877 ____ ______________ 

1973 23’ M in i M o to r H om e, excel- lent condition. 674-3377. 
•66 G M C 6, V a n V e r y G ood Cond. 
O and B C u sto m T ru c k B u m p e r. 
972-8o6o.____________________________ 
'7 3 G M 12 vd . d u m p t r u c k , 'TO 
C h e v y 12 vd. d u m p tru c k , both 
♦win screw s. A sk for T e x o r R a y 
Je n kin s, 1-334-4231.________________ 

98oo SAN PEDRO 
___ 
, 
, v OPEN SUNDAY • NOON 'TIL 7 PJA 

M O T O R H O M E R E N T A L S 
F u lly self contained. R a te s b y d o v o r week-653 61o8 
•68 3oft a ir st r e a m a-1 cond , twin b e d s , f u ll b a t h , n o w c a r p e t , u p h o ls t e r y a n d tire s, c o m p le te with traile r hitch, b ra k e s, fe nd er m irro rs, 5575o. 257 4885 K e r r v ille 

22’ M O T O R H O M E , Slee ps 4 $22 d ay, 12c mi. 655-oo96______________ 
•7o O p e n 
R o a d , 
I st z., f u lly equipped, low m ile age . 
$55oo. 
624-2435.____________________________ 

G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
IH Io and W W. W hite R o o d 
___________ 661-4121______________ 

1977 23 ft P R O W L E R 
W OS $519o 
N ow $4447 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH 1o 3 m i north of B o e rn e 
R I 2 BOX 127 S A. Ph. 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-5pm 

'7 2 O P E N R O A D M in i m o t o r 
► me. O n C h e v y V o n 2o. E x c e l- 
■enr con d itio n ! $35oo 656-3824 
POST OFFICE TRUCK SALE 
Post Office Garage, Austin, Texas 
Tete. 512 397-5467 

•73 I H C. 17oo se rie s with 2o' v a n body. R o llup re a r door, side door, a n d lift g a te , V 8 e n g in e . 5 s o d trons. G ra n d e F o rd 661-4121 

'76 O L D S C u tla ss su p re m e , loco ed. M u st se ll now , will help fin ­ ance C all P ic k 433-1464.__________ 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e D e a le r for 
C h a m p io n , 
T it a n , L if e t im e M o t o r H o m e s , 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
2771 A U S T IN H W Y 
655 o251 

1973 19ft S H A S T A 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO 3 m l n orth of B o e rn e 
R T 7 B ox 127 S A Ph. 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12-Som 

'7 o O ld s C u t la s s V I, a u to. a ir 
$1o95-432-7644; 432-266o____________ 
‘72 IH Scout ll, 345 V I, 2-wd, auto, air, pow er, radio, low mi. $3,ooo 
341 57o3 d ays. 828-6o97 eves 
‘73 O L D S D E L T A 86' 
$1395 C A N F I N A N C E 435-1641 
■7o I N T E R N A T I O N A L P ic k u p . air, 51ooo. 654-o454______________ 
Recreational Vehicles 
FO R R E N T 
VOOS 
M in i M o to r H o m e s 
M o to r H o m e s 
R E S E R V E Y O U R S T O D A Y 
C on tact Bin at 
Resco Leasing 
55o.5 San Pedro 
732-2288 

1977 23 ft S H A S T A 
W a s $5795, N ow $4918 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH 1o 3 m i north of B o e rn e 
R f 2 B O X 127 S A P H . 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y S 12-5pm 

•72 O ld s D e lta 88 2-dr. h a rd to p 
Auto., fa ctory air, pow er. E x tr a c le a n . $1485. 9 o % f in a n c in g available. 224-441o.________________ 

1973 In t e r n a t io n a l 2o5o s e r ie s . 
116o C a t a p illo r e n g in e , 5 a n d 4 s p e e d t r a n s m is s io n . 38,ooo lb. re a r end, N e w tires, IO hole b ud w heels, 12 y a rd d um p b ed , e x tra cle an . $15,ooo; 1971 W h ite 4ooo, 
318 Detroit, 13 speed R R , 34,ooo lb re a r end, new tires, new 12 y a rd d u m p b e d . E x t r a clean, $12,5oo. 
C a n be seen at 1618 N. O ak, No.15, 
P e a rsa ll, T X or call 1-334-4514 

ROADRUNNER 
TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

•76 O ld s D e lta '8 8 ' E x t r a cle an 
S3995 Will trode. 923-2883_________ 
■Ult W ig w a m Y ra v e l T ra ile r, fully self contained. T a n d e m a x le with a w n in g and e q u a liz e r hitch, m o n y m o n y e x tra s! 
L ik e n ew 
$295o 
922-2624. 

'75 O ld s D e lta R o y a le conv., all white, loaded with e xtra s, excel. cond $67oo. 828-3227 otter 6 

71 O L D S , 88, 4-dr, Loaded, 6o,ooo m iles $1695. 922-3426.______________ 

2 — I-Ton Dodge Trucks 1969, 6-cyl., 14o HP 

For further inform ation, coll C. Koiner, San Antonio 

G arage, Tel. 229-5941-42. 

W A N T E D ! ! ! 
U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
C A S H - F A S T S E R V I C E 
M R . M I L E S 924-4231 

DO N 'T G AM BIE, SHOP 
R o n d o ! 

GET THE BEST BUY 
YOU CAN, THEN SHOP 
Rondo! Marine 
O n 
1 9 7 6 C lo so O u ts, 
Free trailer. 
Free a c-' cessories, Free controls 

 o n 
'7 6 
M o d e l 
C lose 
O uts. ’ Plus save hun­ dreds of dollars now! 
WE BUY AN D SEU 
Used Beats, M o to rs 
Trailers 

I 2 o 7 Vt. M lld*l»«»«4 
7 3 3 -8 2 3 3 

H A R P E R M O T O R C O 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S a n d S E R V I C E fa r 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W I L I G H T 
B U N G A L O W T ra v e l T r a ile r s a nd 
3T h W h ee ls 
74o1 S.W . M ilit a r y 924-5514 
H r s : M o n -F ri. 9-6. Sun. 1:3o 6 

R e n t o u r F a m ily M o t o r H o m e . 
Sle e p s 6, all e xtra s. L o w rate s for g o o d d r iv in g r e c o rd s . A d v a n c e re se rv a tio n s re q u ire d . 655-o454. 

76 O L D S 98 4 dr. R e gen cy, c o m ­ pletely loaded, w ill help finance. 
Coll K en 433-1464._________________ 

1967 Inte rna tio na l 16oo se rie s, 14' flatbed with 2ooo lb cap. E le c lift tollgate $15oo. 695-9218.____________ 
W E T A K E T R A D E IN S , W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B I L E H O M E S 
C A L L : M A X ____________ 
924-421 
•73 O lds 88 hard top coupe, pow er, autom atic, air, om -tm stereo, e x ­ tra clean. $2595. 826-6619._________ 

7 2 IN T E R N A T I O N A L $129o 
E C O N O M IC A L 6 C Y L 435-1641 
‘76 C h e w % ton p ic k u p 4-spd., pow er, 1o,ooo m ile s. M in t cond!- tion. 533-337o._______________________ 

'71 C h e w '•‘i ton p ic k u p , 35o V8, long bed, a ir sh o ck s, air, pow er, liltawhell. 1o-15 L T tires, built for h e a v y d uty w o rk, 
732-8747, 
826-62o2 
_ 
195o C h e v y ' i ton p ic k u p . G o o d condition. S495. 341-o296.___________ 

73 C H E V Y ’ ; ton p ic k u p . 6 CVI standard. 
N e w paint. 
$23oo. 
661-4511._____________________ 
•74 C h e w '-J To n P ic k u p . 26,ooo mi. 35o e n g , N e w tires. $3ooo. 
656-7171 
__ 
•63 C H E V Y I ' } T O N V S flatbed! 
136oo B ab co c k at H a u sm a n R d 

1972 1 4 X 6 6 B r i a r w o o d . 2 b e ­ d ro o m s, ( I k in g siz e ), 2 full baths, turn. c e n tra l a ir-h e a t, $7,5oo o r a ss u m e lo o n w ith e q u ity , t e r m s open. w e e k e n d s o r a fte r 4 w e e k ­ d a y s, 681-o626 o r 333-314S._________ 

W a n t T o B u y M o t o r H o m e . A n y 
M a k e 
A n y 
M o de l. 
658-7661, 
656-7119 

•73 In t e r n a t io n a l % ton ( W D 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
_ 
493o RIGSBY 648 oo6o 
•73 O lds 98' L u x u r y Sedan 
Lik e new S2695 Will trode. 923-2883 
P o n t ia c G r a n d A m , ‘74. 2-d r., 
Sport Coupe. Pow er, a ir, A M - F M , new tire s, e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n . 
S33oo or best ofter 344 4o2o 
___ 
73 P O N T IA C G R A N V I L L E i ’ )95 
L O A D E D . N O C A S H 
N E E D E D 
435-1641 
__________ 

H A R P E R M O T O R C O 
C A M P E R L A N D 
S A L E S a n d S E R V I C E fo r 
T E R R Y , T A U R U S , T W I L I G H T 
B U N G A L O W T r a v e l T r o lle r s a nd 
STH W heels 
24o1 S.W . M ilit a r y 924-5S14 
H r s : M o n -F ri. 9-6, Sun. 1:3o-6 

International Trucks 
71S Steve s A v e 
534 
•72 W illio m s c r a f t , 19’, s le e p s 6. 
Loaded. $66oo. 674-19o7 
•75 O ld sm obile S t a rt le . A ir, auto., 
11,ooo m iles. $35oo 
657-3o88 or 
828-213o.____________________ ___ 
•7o In te rn e t'! T a v e lla ll. A M - F M , tow p a c k a g e , s t a n d , 345 e n g . 
51995. 684-8368 after 5pm__________ 

■71 W in n e b a g o , 6 -c y l, se lf con- tam ed, 34,oooml. $73oo, 1-964-387o 
14x6o N E W , J b e d ro o m 
I ' / B a th turn $95oo 
W e d isc o u n t fo r c o sh ! 
R E D R I V E R M O B I L E H O M E S 
2418 A U S T IN H W Y 
653-975 

'68 O ldsm obile station w ago n 53oo 
R u n s good. 626-1819_______________ 
TRAVEITOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 
* Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SALES FOR: 

HOLWAY RAMBUR, PROWLER, HAY- 
MOR. 
STARWALT, 
HOLIDAY, 
DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MINI-HOMES 
96ooIH35N. 653-6711 

Across from How ard Johnson’s 

9 'til dark, M on-Fri. 

9-6 Sot. 1-5 Sundays 

7 4 IN T N 'L pickup. Loaded. G oo d cond. $25oo. 534-5344, 337-4334 
1975 Pontiac L e M a n s 4 door, outo, pow er, air, low m ileage, sa c rific e at S3,195 342-5887__________________ 

•76 O L D S O M E G A 4dr sedan, low m ileage. $3875 661 6498___________ 
H E I M E R C A M P E R S A L E S 
So n A n to n io 's E x c lu s iv e 
C O A C H M E N D E A L E R 924-8336 
T e n t T r o il e r s - T r a v e l T r a i le r s , 
T r u c k 
C a m p e r s - M i n i 
M o t o r 
H om es. ST h w h e el T r a ile r s 
3329 S.W . M ilita ry , W . of S o m e rse t 

A I R B O A T , 14ft. J o n B o o t w ith 
? o h p a ir d r i v e u n it. 
G o o d 
Flo u n d e r rig. $6oo. 656-2462._______ 

75 J E E P C JS, V8, sta nd a rd , L e v i seats, rad io, e xce llen t condition, low m ileage. 
M . 
O. 
Schiller, 
226-6311. 
__ 

12x6o T h re e b e d ro o m s, 7V* baths, c e n tra l h e a t a n d a ir. C a rp e te d . clean, excellent, 677-8o87__________ 

O ld s '7 3 R e g e n c y 'f S '. E v e r y 
L u x u ry option. M u st sell b v T u e s­ day Retail valu e $2895 sell for 
$1795-494-5o87_____________________ 
•71 O ld s Sedan. 4 dr., air, auto., power, $115o 66 1 4251 M o n .-Fri. 8 to 5 
____________ 

•76 Pontiac Su n b ird . A ir, stereo. 
12,ooo mi. 
L ik e new. 
$3595 
492 1695. 
________________________ 
•71 A risto c ra t! 19 Ft. R e m o v a b le fib e rg la ss top. 165 H P . IO . Skis, equipm ent. 
$365o. 
732-5216, 
222-9476 
_________ 

‘74 J I M M Y S I E R R A p a c k a g e 
L o a d e d !! 222-1342 
_ 
Y o u con ow n a N E W Y a m a h a 6o, fully equipped street bike for $495. 
B ra u b a c h E q u ip m e n t, 736-1659 
’76 Pontiac T ra n s A m 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts, n o e q u ity coll C redit M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

A d u lt a n d F a m ily se c tio n , c lu b h ou se w ith s w im m in g pool P a v e d st re e t s, u n d e r g r o u n d u tilitie s, la r g e lo ts. n o p e ts, b e s t m a in tainted o o r k in town, on S E . Milt- tro y D r w est of IH 37, a c r o s s fro m 
B ro o k s Fie ld . In d ia n H ills M o b ile 
H o m e P o rk . 333-o81o.______________ 

71 M o bile Scout, 23’ fully se lf c o n ­ tained, a ir con d ition ed 
$3495 
656-o752 

L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D U T Y 
D I E S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 
‘71 B o s s B o o t. L ik e n ew , c o m plete. C oil S e g u in 1-379-6558 
•71 C h e w ' i ton W B . V S, pow er, a ir, auto., v e r y g o o d con d itio n . 
$1795. 698 1454. ________________ 
•73 C H E V Y V A N , c u sto m point, air, real nice. 226-8526. 
•77 C h e w V a n , 35o e n gin e , 75oo ml., SSOOO. 656-7171_________________ 
:67 C he vy V o n six sta n d a rd . F irst 
56oo 684-38oo_______________________ 
•72 C h e vy V 8 C h e ye n n e P ic k up fully loaded, m isc $2295. 922-o184 

•74 C he w y V e g a p a n e l e x p r e s s d elive ry $995 333-8152 

C le an e st '72 S u p e r C h e y e n n e In town! Loaded, 58,ooo orig. mi. F o r book value. 656 o949 

24' e o m m e ric al trailer, w indow s, air, ideal far office, lab. d isplay, road ped d le r; etc. 
923-598o; 
532-7636.____________________________ 
C rew C a b 1* ton ‘75 S ilv e ra d o 454 cam p er special, air, pow er, 23,5oo m iles, $65oo firm 344-3811 
'74 D a t su n p ic k u p . 4 so d , a ir, 
519oo 726-o291; 226 o292.__________ 

7o D a tsu n p ic k u p . G o o d con d i- tion, needs point. $1,15o. 828-6555. 

‘72 D o d ge C o r n o V an . L O A D E D 
826-9565. a»5-8) S 6 __________________ 
‘73 D od ge C lib C a b ' i ton pickup 
Loaded, sacrifice. 5235o. 533-337o 

•76 
O L D S 
S t a r f i r e , lo a d e d 
657-1988 att 5 p m __________________ 
1975 R a n g e r B o s s B o a t, 14' c u s to m t r a i le r , f u M tv e q u ip p e d . 
$3,6oo 699-1827.____________________ 
1966 Tem pest 2-door hardtop. V S, standard. 
Rodio. heater. 
$595-734 8431.________________ 
B oa t a nd traile r, go o d condition, 
$2oo. 435-1834 
68 O L D S T O R O N A D O 
$5oo 653-7o96. 
R O C K B O T T O M P R I C E S on In v o d e rs a nd D e c k B oa ts. J o h n so n a n d M e r c u r y * R A Y S m a r i n e , 
C a n y o n L a k e 
H w y . 2673 n e o r 
Slo rtzv ille A N D H w y 3o6 a c r o s s from G o o fy 'S. I 8 9 9 - 2 1 1 o . __ 

Sa ilb o a t, C o ro n a d o 23. m a n y ex- 
H a s. 658 7242. 
IR ' Sailboat, trader, N e w E n o io n d 
Sh a rp ie , p ro fe ssio n a lly built, ‘76, tib e rq tosscd m a rin e p lyw o od , bo t la rg e r boat, Steal $15oo. 494-2386 

•75 B re n t C a lifo rn ia ra c e sk i boot. 
P o n t ia c e n g in e , O T. p ip e s , V d r iv e , m u c h c h r o m e . T a n d e m a xle trailer, n ew tire s a n d m qqs. 
B o a t perfect, tra ile r n e e d s m in o r w o rk $48oo. 699-1939, 

1-798-3254 
I N T E R N A T I O N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S E R V IC E 
P O B o x 411 H allettsville,T x 

1975 L U V p ic k u p . O v e r h e a d c a m p e r . N e w t ir e s. S t a n d o r d . 
Radio, heater. 22,ooo m iles. Bed. 
C arpeted. 52995 533-8759, 532-o5o9 

2171 A u stin H w y. 
•75 T R A N S A M . L o a d e d , e x c e l­ lent. M u st sell! $5o5o o r b est otter. 
6911515; 333 4197_________________ 

‘76 O ld s T o ro n a d o . G re y , b lu e v in y l roof, a ll e x tra s. V e r y low m ileage. 492-2895._________________ 
B u y Old C a rs, T r u c k s E tc 
L O S T T I T L E S A R R A N G E D 
W e Sell G oo d U se d 
E n g in e s & P a r t s At 
A F R A C T IO N O F C O S T 
F A R G O S A L V A G E 
1-2525 
633 7o3o 

•74 P r o w le r , se lf c o n ta in e d , 24‘ 
T ra v e l T ro lle r A C E x c e lle n t C o n ­ dition . A s k F o r S tc e g e 671-41o1 after 4pm 684 3 796.________________ 
'76 
T R A N S 
A M 
13,ooo m iles, 
222-1342 ti______________________ 
‘73 Su p re m e 2 d oor hard top V t, auto air. $1795 432-2644 
432-266o 
M o b ile h om e site. P ic k u p 4 b a r k p a y m e n ts of $32 e a c h a n d ta k e o v e r botonee. M B G IN C . 494 3419 o r 342-18o8.________________________ 

R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
E x c lu s iv e d ea le r fo r 
V E N T U R E Tent C a m p e r b y S to rc ro H 
"L iH ie C a stle O n W h e e ls” 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655 o751 

•76 V O L A R E R o a d ru n n e r, pow er, auto., air, 658-2687_______________ 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts on ‘74 C ut­ la ss Suprem e. C all: 222-o986 a sk tor D e n n is ofter 8 :-Coll 656-4321 
'76 M a z d a R o t a r y p ic k u p . R e a l b a rg a in ! $2295 349 22oo____________ 

‘7o m odel B ro n co , 4 w heel d rive , air, e xtra clean, $35oo, 648-o48o. 

19* C ru ise C a b in s, R e co n d . lOOhp 
1'vln G olv. tro lle r ........... 
$456o 
19' C r u is e S k ip p e r , 12oh p O M C 
D riv e , ga lv. tra ile r ........... $5888 
7o ’ C r u is e C u t t y C a b in , 14 oh p 
O M C D r iv e ga lv . tra ile r ... $6867 
21’ C ru ise F u ll cab in , 175bo O M C 
D r iv e O u o l G alv . T ro lle r .. $7744 
23 ’ C r u i s e C a b in , I7 5 h p O M C 
D riv e , D u a l G alv , T ra ile r 
. $9886 
7 1 '; R e g a l D e lu x e C a b in , I7 5 h p 
O M C 
D riv e , 
D u a l 
G o lv 
T ra ile r ............................. 
$975o 
O P E N S A T -5 U N . U ntil 6pm 

E v e r y oth er m onth F R E E tor one ye a r! O n ly (5) lots o n this Sp e c ia l 
B U C K IN G H A M 
V I L L A G E 
658-2811_____________________________ 

'71 T o r o n a d o 2 d o o r. L o a d e d . sh a rp $1295 432-2644 432 266o 
B A N K R E P O S 
1974 P O R S C H E 914 ................... 
1975 F O R D R A N C H E R O 
.......... 
(18) Portab le W h irlp o o l both un- its. 341-4647 ext. 341 o r 342________ 

Lost titles no p rob le m 
T O P C A S H for J u n k C a r s 
______________ 923-4422 
_________ 

C a sh fo r cle an c a r s a n d tru c k s. 
L a r r y C an n o n A u to Sa le s 
563o Sa n P e d ro ___________ 828-6355 

•Ti V is ta C r u is e r W a g o n . G o o d ru n n in g cond. After 6: 435-o.314. 
1972 R o o d K in g 17’ c o m p le t e ly se lf-c o n ta in e d . E x c e lle n t c o n d i- tion. 656-6546____________________ 

1965 18’ S E A B I R D , 12o I O . 
T ro lle r, extra s. $15oo. 655-2394 
S E A R A Y 18 It. sk i boat, 165 E P 
1.o. I m m a c u la t e , h e a v y d u t y traile r. S k iis a n d oil e a u ip m e n t. 
$32oo. 655-7o6o._____________________ 

TRAVELER’S WORLD 
2617 Roosevelt 
532-6o61 
AVION 

Travel Trailers • M otor Hom es 

Trade-in Bargain s 

'7 2 PROWLER 2 4 ’ . . . . 
$ 3 5o o 

'7 2 TERRY 2 6 '............ 
$ 5 5 o o 

7 6 A V IO N M i n i ........ 

'7 o HO LIDAY 3 1 '........ $ 5 8 9 5 

66 A IR ST R E A M 
$ 4 9 5 o 

M U S T S E L L ! '77 C h e v y V on. L o w m ileage, w a rra n ty. $3995. 349-o7S2 ofter 6 p.m._________________________ 

 if you see beautiful C o z y C o v e P k a t 5215 C r c s t w a v , n o o th e r w ilt satisfy, v e ry re a so n a b le 656 1818 
L A R G E S h a d e d lo t s f o r ren t,! new ly rem o d eled . C lo se to dow n t o w n 
C it y w a t e r a n d s e w e r 
S e c u r it y g u a r d . F H A a p p r o v e d p ark. Pool, re c re a tio n ro om , a n d sh u ffle b o a rd u n d e r con stru c tio n 
U N D E R N E W M A N A G E M E N T 
G E M B L E R R D T R A I L E R P K . 
IO U O e m b le r R d . 333-1873 

R O A D R U N N E R T R A V E L 
T R A I L E R S A L E S 
493o R I G S B Y ______________648-C 
G O O D C A R S 
'76 M A L IB U ................ 
'74 B U IC K L E S A B R E 
. 
•75 M O N T E G O 
........... 
•74 F O R D T O R IN O 
.. 
•69 C O U P E D E V IL L E 
68o3 S. F lo re s 

N E W a nd U S E D B u m p e rs. L ig h t w eight to h e a v y duty. F o r all size s 
Of p ic ku p tru c k s 924-6551-2o2 N e w 
L a re d o Hw y. 

O W N E R O P E R A T O R S 
3 a x le t r a c t o r s a n d f la t b e d t r a ile r s fo r st a te w id e h a u lin g . 
P lenty of freight, b ackh au ls. Fu ll settlem ent w e ek ly. O ld e r t r u c k s accepted 974-7273; 333-5894 

•67 O ld s. 4 -d r., g o o d m ile a g e , tire s, b r a k e s . A ir . E v e r y t h in g w ork-,' S3oo cash. 344-1o27.________ 

$2495 
$1995 
$1795 
$1595 
. $995 

F o r F A S T C A S H w ill b u y y o u r 
C ar, V a n s, o r T ru c k s. R u n n in g o r not. 922 8661.________________________ 
H A V E T O W B A R S , B U Y J U N K 
C A R S . P A Y C A S H O R C H E C K 
F O R 
Y O U R 
O L D 
W R E C K ! 
C A L L : 923-4411.____________________ 

•74 S id e w in d e r J c t B o a t, C h e v y 
P o w e re d $4595. Atter 6 674-45o6 
N O R T H S I D E S U P E R V I S E D 
$1o P E R M O N T H 
45o H E I M E R R O A D 
V t 
M ile 
F r o m 
Sa n 
P e d ro 
D riv e -in ) 
826 4444 

22’ S ilv e rlin e , lu ll c a b in , I 8 8 H o 
M e r e c r u is e r , g a lv t r a ile r A il cetes. S o rritic e tor $79oo. 673-389o 
'71 Duster, outo, air, pow er, new tires, ru n s good. $875. 699 )939. 
T R A D E W IN D S Auto Sales 
•WE F IN A N C E * 
3oo3 SW M I L I T A R Y 
922-27o3 
L a k e M c Q u e en ey, $12-557-6622 
I B U Y J U N K C A R S 
T O W IN G S E R V IC E . 432-3288 

In d iv id u a l w o n ts to b u y '68 th ru 
•72 D a tsu n o r M e r c e d e s, D ie se l, 
651-6728 or 655 21o1________ 
I N D I V I D U A L w o u ld like to b u y c le a n , lo w m ile a g e '7 6 S e d a n 
D e v ille 
F r o m o rig. o w n e r only. 
Joe M an ton 828 o648; 22o 7782 

L O T N E A R R A N D O L P H F I E L D , 
1o ox2 oo 
O w n e r f in a n c e d 
$5o dow n, $29 m onth. 
684 4211 P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 

1976 C h e c k m a t e , h ig h p e r f o r ­ m a n c e b a s s boat, sam. 4 in., isO hp 
M e r c u ry with p o w e r trim , c usto m d riv e o n tra ile r, a ll e x tra s. M ik e 
R o s s 
341-1356; ofter 
7pm, 
344 2o72. 

1969 P ete C O E tw in sc re w , 25o 
C u m m in s . R o a d R a n g e r , e x c e l­ lent, S725o. A L S O In t t r a c to r s, con ven tio nal cabs. 512-655-2o82 

 in Sto c k N e w C ru ise rs, O d o v 25, 
C h r y s le r 22, M o n te g o 19, C o m p a c 
16, A n d U se d C ol 23,. A ls o N e w 
A n d U se d D o v so ile rs, Sta rtin g at 
$38o. 
16oo5 S o n Pedro ___ 

SH AST A» PR OW L E R 
W e T a k e T ra d e -in s 
C om p lete S e rv ic e Dept. 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH 1 o 3 M i N o rth of B o e rn e 
R T 2 B O X 177 S A. P ho n e 224-2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 5 P M ________ 

Im m acu la te 4-door hardtop $1o95 
435-1641 
________ 

’74 F u r y III. 4dr, 76,ooo mi. N e w point, tires. $1695 734-9344_________ 
M O B I L E H O M E P A R K L O T S 
$45 m o 
F H A o o o r o v e d , J u d s o n 
In d. Schools. 658 oo22; 658-1326 
M O B I L E H o m e L o t fo r Rent, 7751 
Kildee, P a lm P o rk , off H w y 181. 6 m i south of L o o p 41o. $3o m onth 
1-713-585 8179._______________ 

'7 2 D o d g e R o y a le w in d o w v o n . 
U ton, 36o cu.‘, auto . p ow er air. I owner. B eautiful and in top con d i­ tion! 344-75o5 a n v tim e _____________ 

'73 R a nch ero . Auto., air, p ow er 
R a d ia ls. good cond. 
$189$ 
333 7982 
_____ 
•4o F O R D C o u p e . speed). 
$3ooo or 
661 752o 

• •68 P lym ou th Convert, new paint. good top, interior 924-8oo5________ 
35’ C h r is C raft, tw in 318 inb o ard s. 
M U S T 
S E L L ! 
B E S T 
O F F E R ! 
494 5843 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILERS A N O 
SUPPLY 
\\% yo u r authorixed daeta*' for 
Airstream, 
Argosy 
Royals International 
Mobil Scout 
• 
Vaquero 
W*- service oil mokpv Complete 
I pa*H oml offevsory store 
1121o IH 35 N. 
653-4161 
CLOSED SU N D A Y 

23’ S o o r t c r o ft s l-O, M e r c ru is e r, 
I6ohp, dept, finder, m a rin e rad io, cb, 
S5Qoo. 
988 2991, 
988-2378 
Sabinal. 

1976 )$■ S o o rtsiro tt, 5o H P M e r- t o r y m otor, like new. 674-3372. 

65 P ly m o u th 4 d r Se d a n , go o d transportation. $175. 826-o553. 
16' S h a sto T r a v e l T ra ile r, e x c e l­ le n t cond . E le c . b r a k e sy ste m , hitch sta bilize r b o rs. 695-3622 

'75 D o d g e S p o r t s m a n V o n , p e r feet, 12,ooo m iles, pow er, air, OU- to, m o ny e xtras. SSOOO. 658-2335. 
’76 R A N C H E R O , pickup 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts, no e q u ity, call C red it M a n a g e r, 349-6948 

P A N T E R A , like new, 16S m p h + 
8B8-55I I.___________________________ 
C la ssic 1948 ie ' C h r is C r a n R u n ­ a b o u t, 327 e n g in e , c o m p le t e ly restored, 52995 735 3151, 732 7472 
9 ' j C o a c h m a n C o b O v e r C antoei', 
F u l iv S e lf C o n t a in e d , w ith 71 
C h e v y % C a m p e r Sp e c ia l $3495. 
973 1115 
______ 

1972 P ly m ou th F u r y III 2 door < 7) new tires. 
$12oo 
653-o653 or 
655-12o1 
________ 
____________ 
F o r w re ck e d c a r s a n d T r u c k s 
A I A U T O P A R T S ________ 222 1o1) 
S E L L I N G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i- p r ic e s p a id fo r c le a n c a r s 
T ru c k s, etc. 227-1342_______________ 
T O P D O L L A R ! 
J U N K C A R S , T R U N K S , S C R A P . 
C A L L 
342-51o1__________ 

2 M O . F R E E R E N T 
S o u t h s i d e P a r k , f e n c e d lo t s. p a v e d streets, w o te r-g a rb a g e od 
$39 m o 626-1222.___________________ 

N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a i l e r P k tented, store ro om , trees, $37 SO 
N e a r W in d so r P k. M o ll. 826-8766 

2 Sm a ll C a m p e rs for T oyota, Dot- 
SUO o r C u rle r, 977-347* 
______ 
•76 Dodge Sp o rtsm a n R o ya le V on 
826 9565, 695 8 o ^ 6 ________________ 
S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S & S E R V IC E 
G M C , C io m o n d -R e o , PeterbuM t 
381o IH IO 
661 4511 

S P Y O E R B O A T S 
F a c to ry Outlet P r ic e s 
D isc o u n t B oo t So le s 654 o38o 

•7o P lym ou th F u r y III F a ir cond 
A sk in g $7oo. 691-1383 ofter 5. 

‘75 P lym ou th G ra n d F u ry 4-door 
25,ooo m iles. 
N ice c a r! 
$2875-349 22oo 

A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
816 P R O B A N O T 
224-2)31 

S A N A N T O N IO T R U C K S 
S A L E S A S E R V IC E 
G M C , D iam o n d -R e o , P eterb u ilt 
81o I H -1o 
661-4511 

6 c y lin d e r, 4 sp e e d G o o se n e c k hitch. 33,ooo m ile s .............. $2695 
736-4321______________ 

•75 C o b ia 2o', 135 h o o u tb o a rd . g a l v a n i z e d t r a i l e r , c e n t e r c o n s o le , e x c e ll e n t c o n d it io n , 
227 5187 or 654 o854. 

C ob io ouen fish e rm a n 
1974. i ? '7 lf, w ith top. ;o g a llo n g a s tan k. 
197$, ISO H p M e r c u r y o u tb oa rd . 
P o w e r tilt a n d t r im . t a n d e m tra ile r. L ik e new . $5295 o r b e st offer 736 4321 

C ob ia open fish e rm a n . 1974, 19’ i ll w ith top. 7o g a llo n g a s tank. 
1975, ISO H p M e r c u r y o u tb oa rd . 
P o w e r tilt a n d t r im , t a n d e m tra ile r. U k e new . $5295 o r b e st offer 736-4321_______________________ 

1 6 ’ S t n r e r o t t 65 h p M e r c u r y 
Sh ore line troller, $1795. 435-3113. 
M Y E R S T R A I L E R S A L E S 
114 K in g s b u r y 
S E G U IN , T X 
‘74 P lym ou th Se b rin g P lu s P o w e r s t e e r in g , a ir , A M - F M . $27oo. 
I 762-3623; 1-767-322o______________ 

•76 B la z e r C h e ye n n e p a c k a g e . 2 w h e e l d r iv e , e x t r o s , 
$6ooo. 
224-o489 ofter 3 pm.________________ 

23’ Sto rc ra ff T ra v e l T ra ile r, Self- contained. sle e p s 
6 
$3475. 
698-2448. 
____________________ 

•72 D o d ge 'j ton L W B 318, auto. air, tires, $18oo. 532 5586 
SC H O O L -H igh w a y D iesel B u s e s 
23o1 N O G A U T O S _________534-6711 
A c r e o a e h o m e s it e w it h w a te r 
Ju st IS m in fro m 41o $3ooo. $1oo d ow n - a n d $31.4! p e r m onth tor 
144 m o nth s at 8 % . J.C . H O R T O N , 
B R O K E R 342-18o8, o r 494-34)9. 

5o H p j o h n so n . E le c t r ic m o to r guide. D ep th finder D illy traile r. 
SI995 or best ofter Z36 4321______ 

T o liy c r a f t , C a b in C r u i s e r , 2 5 ’ f ib e r g la s s , h e a d , g a lle y , 25 oh p 
I O. C h e v y E n g in e $695o. 534-7868 

‘76 D o d g e "1 T o n p ic k u p 
O n ly 
1o,ooo mi. L ik e new. M u st sell. W ill help finance C all T im 433-1464 

1973 b o d g e % ton p ic k u p 
A il pow er, air. C r u is e c on tro l, d u a l tanks. C a m p e r sp e cial 
— 
$25oo 
B L A N C O P R O D U C T S at B R O A D W A Y 

•74 P lym ou th Se b rin g Plus. P o w e r steering, air, A M - F M . B est offer. 
I 762-3623; 1-762-322o______________ 

'7 3 
B la z e r , 
4 w h e e l d r iv e , 
C h e y e n n e p a c k a g e p lu s m a n y other extras, $4ooo. C all betw een 
4-7pm 684-6629_____________________ 

• 7 4 S T A R C R A F T V E N T U R E * 
P o p u p traile r, sle ep s 8 cxeetl 
$1695 341 71o) 341 4122 

‘72 Scou t ll. T r a v e l Top. 6 cyl., com pletely rebuilt eng. (N o 4-whl d r iv e A u to ., n ic e ! $225o. D o u g 
Sm ith, K ir b y B o n k 
661-4174 
7 ) P ly m o u th W agon. 31,ooo mi. 
O rig in a l ow ner. $175o. 333-6624. 
1221 B R O A D W A Y _________223-4 
‘ 
W E B U Y U S E D C A R S * 
O R S I N G E R B U I C K C O 
4515 S A N P E D R O ________ 7-H-4 
" W E W A N T T O B U Y 
G O O D C le an C o r s - T r u c k s 
C oll 924-667)________ 

STH WHEEL 

.TRAILERS, 
MBI IN STOCK NOW! 
;S T Selection E v e r at: 
HARPER MOTOR CO 
74o1 S.W. M ilit a r y 924 5514 
M o n F r i 9 6 Su n : 1 :3 o -6 :P M 

N orthw est, 5oX1oo lots, tree m o ve to q ualified renter, 684-2851. 
7 3 B L A Z E R . 4-wnl d rive , loaded 
Exce llen t condition 661-2584 
TRAVELER'S WORLD 

2617 Roosevelt 
532 6o61 

AVION 

Trovel Trailers - M otor Hom es 

Trade-in Bargains 

7 3 A IRSTRIA M 31’. . . $9,ooo 

'7 o HOLIDAY 3 1 '........ 
$5895 
7 5 PARK M O O R 35’ . $4 5o o 

’66 A IR S 7 R IA M 
$495o 

•76 S C O U T 4x4. A ir, tap e, sto n dord. 684-131o e v e n in gs_________ 
1975 P ly m o u t h W a g o n , 9 p a s ­ senger, Sp o rts Su b u rb an , low mi. v e r y g o o d c o n d it io n , $3 ,6oo . 
P le ase call 349-6481, if no answ e r, 
349-6938. 

U se d F ib e r g la s s Y a c h ts 
B e r t r a m 25-28-31-46; H a t t e r a s 
34-36 41; C ai 27 34; O T H E R S . 8o7 
S a n d o U a r , R o c k p o r t , 729-1ooo; 
C o rp u s C hristi, 852 212o.___________ 

•76 B L A Z E R , 4 w hl dr, C h e ye n n e interior, auto, a ir, t ra ile r hitch, m a n y other e xtros. SS97S. 824-3389 

S e ll o r T r a d e : 7 7 F o r d F IOO 
R a n g e r. Sh ort bed 822-9816 
•75 D od ge V an. C u sto m paint, in­ terior. Load ed , low mi. $6ooo. a.rn, 
826-6852; ofter 3 925-5464 
P le a se N o X h if d r e n 
P le a se N o O v e rn ig h te rs 
O n ly Q uiet C o n ta in e d P e ts 
Se ven S p a c e s R e m a in in g 
D u n R o v in , 7oo9 S. F lo r e s 
923 8877 o r 344-5615 

S O U T H W E S T T R U C K C en ter 
L A T E M O D E L R e b u ild e rs 
A N D 
P IC K U P 
T R U C K 
P A R T S - V A N S 
1228 N e w L a re d o Hw y-924-4879 

72 B ronco, good condition, 5295o 
3 4 4 - o 7 7 ) . ______________________ 
7 o S A T E L L I T E 4 d o o r m ileage, by owner. 696-14o5. 
7 6 V 173 G la st r o n B a y t lit e 
11$ 
H P E v m ru d e . P o w e r trim a n d tilt, le s s t h a n 12 h o u r s . C u s t o m d riv e -a n tra ile r and m a n y other extras. $4895. 688-2123, 927-3ooo 

C O R O N A D O 23 'Sa ilb o a t. T ra ile r, m o to r, M o n y e x t r a s ! 2 ’ j y e a r s 
Old. (5)2)643-7798 
________ 

75 D o d ge v a n , c u sto m interior, 
27,ooo mi. Ice b ox, sto rage , $4,7oo. 
342-4787 otter 6.____________________ 
‘71 B ro n co V8, 4 w hl dr, e xcellent condition, $2)oo. 828-1975._________ 
Se llin g a ‘7o R o a d ru n n e r, o ran ge, in v e ry good condition, 383 engine, 
3 speed, 575o. 435 6327____________ 
S A V E Y O U R O L O C A R 
R e liab le Sp o rt C a r S e r v -R e p o ir 
R o b in so n 's Sp ort C a r s -R e p a ir 
8343 B R O A D W A Y _________828 1389 

C U S T O M C A N V A S P R O D U C T S 
C u sto m M a d e B oa t C o v e rs, F re e 
Est. 
D a y s ; 
333-6658. 
N ig h t 
337-7939.__________ 
______________ 

‘75 Bronco, 4 wheel d rive , like new c o n d it io n . 54,9oo. M r . C a n t u 
736 4296 N ile s 695-8466_________ 
'7 3 -1 6 ' V I P B o s s m a s t e r , 5 o h p . m ere. cust d rive on , 
$2,895 
69o-o77o 
T R A N S F E R , n e w ?5 f» . G e m traile r, fu lly self c o n ta ine d, with a ir a nd lots of e xtra s. 496-6264 

B v o w n e r, ’74 F o r d F -6 o o , 16' a lu m in u m bod y, 19,ooo m i. L ik e new . 19,ooo L h c a p a c it y , g o o d fu rn itu re h au lin g truck. $6,ooo O r best offer. A sk tor Jim , 1-42o-2o4o. 

B e a u ty s h o p -equipm ent fo r so le ! 
In c lu d e s c h o irs, d r y e r s , tint m a chine 434 H 3 o _________ ____________ 

C R 8 Total c a sh re g iste r, 534-349o, o r 648-3358._____________ ____________ 

D ish w a sh e r, beer box, sn o w cone m achine, d o u gh m ixe r, ste am to hie U sed-new , 733-1292._________ 

F o r A L L N E W a n d U S E D K itch e n 
E q u ip m e n t a n d Su p p lie s. See 
L e v in so n R e sta u ra n t S u p p ly Co. 
19oo Son P e d ro _________ 733 o931 

G o o d u se d B e a u t y S h o o e q u ip ­ m ent 
B est ofter. 661 5263 offer tom 

16 D E C K B O A T , H S H P Joh n so n , 
D r i v e o n M a g n u m t r a i le r , 4o h o u rs, S38oo. 1-629-1776____________ 
W o rd s Ski K in g 25hp m oto r with 
Jo h n so n controls. $1oo. 923-4648. 
U S E O N E W T E N T C A M P E R S 
$396. U P K C. T R A I L E R S 
71o W E S T A V E . __________ 735-393 

B u c k se a ts, 2 fro m L T D , g r e e n h igh bock. 667-1471 

C E N T R A L T IR E CO. 
7o5 N 
F L O R E S 
224 5473 
'66 C h e v e lle p o r t s 
A ls o M u n c ie 
4-spd b ig b lo ck h o o k e r h e a d e r s a nd m u ffler 333 4168 
'6 9 c h e v e lle S S 3 9 6 -to r p a r t s 
822-o729; 655 7945 ofter 7 p m _____ 

•74 C h e v y R e a r t r u c k b u rn p e r, 
$45, 5 <7oo IS ) t ir e s a n d r im s , 
6 h oles $225 922 3426. 
C h r y s le r 383 E rm in e a n d T r o n s - m issio n . 1967, re c e n tly re b u ilt. 
F ir s t $1oo ta k e s b oth ! $o18 C lo derello. 66) 2631.___________________ 
C o rv e tte p arts. ‘63-'67 H a rd to p . 
N ew w hite paint w ith b la ck h e a d ­ lin e r . $35o 
'6 9 a n d u p p o w e r ste ering cyl, con tro l v a lv e , re la y rod, a n d p itm an a rm . $3o. 656-2829 

C orvette stock R a lly w heels. $135 o r t r a d e on f a c t o r y a lu m in u m m a gs. 349-282o________ 
C r o w e r c o m , n e w , E d e l b r o c k 
T M -2-o to r 396-454 C h e v y , H o lly 
65o sp re od b ore . 684-8189 _________ _ 

J- '68 C u tla ss or 442 fron t ten d ers, perfect cond. 826-7596 
_________ 
E d e lb ro c k T o r k e r m a n ifo ld , fits 
396 C h e v y 575. 341-692o. 

F ib e r g la s s h o o d w ith p r o -st o c k sc o o p for '7o M u sta n g . H a y s IO ' 1 in c h c lu t c h , p r e s s u r e p la t e , r e le a s e b e a r in g f o r 3o2 F o r d 
333-5882; 648-1321. 
___ 

4-rioor hardtop. 
A ir, p ow er 
435-1641 
Fin e Selection u se d Sa ilb o a ts 
N E W Sa ilb o a t Shop, A u stin 
6o4 H ig h ln nd M a ll B lvd. 454 7)71 
7)ft C utty C a b in c ru ise r, 21o hp 
O M C , ga lv. ta n d e m tra ile r, new 
C B . fully equipped. 342-6939.______ 

C a m p e r Special. '74 C h e w I ton, 
454, auto, air, p o w e r ste e r..d u al w heels 649-185o att 6pm ___________ 

A ir conditioned IS ' H oi.d a y vo ce tion trailer, tight w eight. $1395 
341 1o31________________________ 

•7o B on n eville w a go n 9 p asse n g e r, p ow er equipped. 675-41o2_________ lf von h ave a gun collection you w ant to c o n sig n either at o u r G u n 
A u ction in J u ly o r to sell outright, ro ll T o m K etlm on, 512-251 4236 or 
512 459 o797 
_____ 

(«) N I C E O N E S ! ! 
H a rp e r M o to r C o C o m p e rlo n d 
74o1 S.W M ilita ry 9?4 SS1A 
1975 A p a c h e E o q le 4oo, n e v e r used. Si 195. 1o23 Fa b ulo us._______ 
'76 IM H O a lflx ie D e e p V H O hp 
M e r c r u iz e r E n g in e , Top, C o v e r, 
Radio, E x t r a P ro p s, A n d T raile r. 
C on D u sty 732-5111 
T n t. .Un. B o s t o n w h a le r , la tin 
(v in r u d e , 
O d iv galv. trlr. 
654 8o9o 

A R G O S Y 24' trailer, 1973 
Loaded, Uke new 342-43oo 
A R IS T O C R A T T ra v e l T ra ile rs 
T h o choice of the q ua lity b u y e r 
R A H M B E R G R V C E N T E R 
2271 A U S T IN H W Y 
655 o251 

B L A N C O P R O D U C T S 
~ 
N O M A D R E O D A L E J A Y C O 
41o pl B ro a d w a y 824 2981 

C o b H ig h C o m e r, long bed Toyo ta, L U V , etc. A lu m in u m , r e a r w indow boot. $2oo. 344-381). ____ 
C a b o v e r C a m p e r, P o rtia My se ll contained. 
$4oo or b est ofter. 
344-73o5 
__________________________ l O 'V C o b o v e r C a m p e r , o p e n r o a d , p a r t ia ll y s e lf- c o n t a in e d . 
$1o5o. 653 o953 
_______ _ 
‘75 C ob-over, fully selt- cordained c am p e r, 922-3426. 
C A M P E R . C a b o v e r, for 8H pick u p . sto v e , s in k , t a c k s , e x t r a s . 
$795. 341 6938 oft /pm 
____ 
C A M P E R S P E C I A L ! '72 LU V with 
C a m p e r. A u x illa r y ta n k . $1695. 
349-2o44; 656 2678 
___ 
C H E R U B H o lt c o h o v c C u lp e p e r cam p er. Stove, ice box, sin k, lots ot storage. $475. 924-o6o5. 
1975 26’ C h e v ro n T ra v e l T ra ile r 
Self contained Sle e p s 7. E xce lle n t for fam ily. 494-3353 
__ 
'73 C h e w C a m p e r S d c I. Auto, air. 
16 w h e e ls, IO p ly t ir e s . D u a l l o o k s 
C a m p e r s h e ll. $3495. 
226 o791. 226-o292__________________ 

■65 C h e w one ton w ith o v e rh e a d w a lk t h r u O p e n R o o d C a m p e r. 
Sle e p s 4. R e b u ilt eng. E x c e lle n t cond. M a n y extro s. 828-3971 otter 
4 3o p m. 

O v e r 1ooo G u n s to C h o o se F r o m 
B U Y — S E L L — T R A O F 
A m e ric a n I con. 227-8572 
27'. 24\ 25', 26', 29' A 3o' 
C L E A N S E L F C on taine d 
R e a d y to go' at p ric e s yo u eon a ffo r d !' 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
42oo R o a se v g lf-Stin so n F ie ld 

5 a nd W 29, 4” in P re s. B o x $355. 5 a n d w 79, 8-% '' $365. 2 S a n d w 77 s 
8 V in P res. B o x $285. S o n d W 41 
M a g 4 " in P res. B ox $35o. S a n d W 
78. 4 • $165 S o nd W 19, 2’ }•• in B o x 
$1/5. S a n d W 17, $169 S a n d w 18 
T H T I 
$165 5 and W 19, $1/1 
C oif P yth o n 4* b in B o x $79$, Colt 
P y t h o n A ” $339. C o if C o m b a t 
C o m m a n d e r $185. C olt G o d C u p 
N a t l M a tc h $295. 5 o n d w $9, $215. 
R a n g e r 35/ n , e n g r a v e d o ld m o d e l $245. C o lt S in g le A c tio n 
7 ' j " $326. C oll M a tc h $235. Colt 2? 
D ia m o n d b a c k $185. S a n d W 66 
$249 S a n d W S M , $795 S o nd W 
25 $325 B ro w n in g 27 R ifle , B el g ia n M o d e G ra d e 2 in b o x $35o o n d m a n y o th e r s . F o r Sale. o r 
T ra d e 341 o119 

I B M E x e c u t iv e t y p e w r it e r a n d table, d e sk o n d c h a irs , sm a ll re f r ig c r o t o r , f ile c a b in e t 
2 8 26 
M a y fa ir. T h u rs, F rt 'til J p m Sat, 
Su n 'til 5 p m ________________________ 

M im e o g r a p h ~ m o c h in e , R e x R o ” to ry Colt 69o-9569______ _____ __ __ 

M I N I C O M P U T E R , N C R .199 w ith c a s se tt e , m a g n e t ic le d g e r o n d p r o g r a m s ( in v o ic in g , A R . A P , 
P a y r o l l . G D 
R e a d y f o r im m ediate insta llation W ill train to u se 736 1978 for details 

N C R 499 M in i c o m p u te r, m a trix p rin te r w ith p a y ro ll a n d g e n e ra l le d ger so ftw a re I y r old E x ce l- lent condition 726-5526 

15 Ft H M C , SSMp, Joh n so n , Go! v ani red tipper traile r, 2 (A aoU on) a a s t a n k s . 
S p a r e p r o p . 
Speedom eter, tach, c o m p a ss. 
655 o115. 
_ _ _ _ _ 
Tiff. S a n ta n a S a d B oat. T ra ile r, 
M o to r. K n o t M e e r, 5 Soil. S?4-5»35. 

'74 E l C a m in o C la ssic 35o v s. Au to., air, pow er. $3275. 534-152) 
To n pickup . L W B Fleetside . V-8, autom atic, a ir, a nd p ow er . $4695 
J A M IS O N M t rs Seguin, 223-52o1 
V e n tu re C a m p e r T ra d e r ste no s 6, e xtra s, 684 7183.____________________ 
•75 Toyota L a n d c ru lse r, I ow n er 
C all 34) 5728 ofter 5pm___________ 
1975' j F o rd , all p ow er, a ir, low m ileage, 53,55o. 532-3934._________ 
‘7o C a ta lin a , fa m ily t r a n s p o s e tion, re g u la r ga s, $925. 337-58o2 
76 V W V A N M U S T S E L L ! 
C a rp e t e d th r o u g h o u t, d r y b ar, 
$57oo tlrm. 349 8528._______________ 

'75 T o yo ta P ic k u p . L B , 4 speed, a ir. ra d io , c a m p e r sh e ll, sh o w ro om cond., $36oo firm . A fter 6. 
654-6415. 

74 C h e v ro le t % ton G o o se n e c k a n d tra ile r b ra k e s. L o a d e d ! E x ­ cellent 828-6355 otter 7 . 696-o3o3 
•76 F o rd ‘C L A S S I C V an, loaded. 
E v e n in gs, 656-42oo, 656-3511 
•71 Catalina. L o w m ileage, pow er, air, 4-dr $135o. 675 o434__________ 
15ft. S T A R C R A F T , SOho E v in rude, pow er tilt E Z load trailer.. 
$1995. 
T E X -A L L Boot. 222-9628 

W e B U Y A L L T y p e s of T r o v e l 
T raile rs. C oll: M E L 924-5514 
'74 F O R D C O U R I E R $1895 
V E R Y E C O N O M IC A L 435-1641 
'57 C he vrole t 'r Ion pick up b od y good ru n s go o d $495, 333-8716. 
•75 F o rd C u sto m L W B , L o a d e d ! 
826-9565. 695-8o56 
__ 
73 C h e v y C h e ye n n e S u p e r 
$2675 
73 F o rd E x p lo re r L W B 
...$ 2 5 7 5 
74 F o rd 3o2 4 speed S W B 
.$2275 
2o2 N ew L a re d o HW 924 2211 

’75 P o n t ia c G r a n v ille . L o a d e d , atter 4, w k e n d s 341-7595 
A u to m atic tra n sm issio n ... $2395 
J A M IS O N M t rs Sequin 223-52o1 
19/2 19ft. S t e r n c r a f t, 165 M e re . 
In b o a rd O u td rive . B ig W h ee l D illy g o lv trlr. 
137 h rs., like new 
AS4-8o9o 
__________________ 

•75 F o r d C u s t o m F2 5 o , •’« ton 
Loaded. 826-9565 695-8o56 
_____ 
V A N S: Buv-Seli-Trade 
6831 S .F L O R E S 
923-4211 
73 F o rd E-3oo V o n C ustom i n t , 
P M 8-track, a ir , 3o2 V S. 3-spd , new paint 
7 4 F o rd 2oo S u p e r V on . Auto , air. power, radio, 3o2 V S.cond 
B o th g o o d c o n d ., g o o d ru b b e r. 
Y o u r choice, $335o. 696 5515 

M u st se e to a p p re c ia te ! Loaded, m a ke otter o v e r $46oo. 658-5658 or 
658-6616. 
__________________ 
16 ft T ri hull 77.sho E v in ru d e , like new. 534-9322 333-5679_____________ 
P a p e r F o ld e r A B D ic k M o d e l 58, 
F in e C on d ition Sa crific e , Seen at 
67! C he stn ut Street. 
M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o6 A u stin H w y. 824-3248 

A N T E X T R A V E L C E N T E R 
38o? N .W Loo p 41o 
____________ 734-51.11 

H a lf ton, 35o, auto. F a c t o r y a ir, p o w e r st e e r in g , p o w e r b r a k e s . 
R a d io , h e a te r, n ew tire s. V e r y n ice! B v ow ner. $245o. 224-5473; e ve s 655-85o4._____________________ 

1975 G la s s m a n IS ’ } ft. T r i-H u n 
W a lk -th ru w in d s h ie ld , '7 5 E v in ru d e 5ohp w ith elec. sta rt, g a l­ v a n iz e d tilt b io w h e e l t r a ile r . o th e r e xtra s! $22oo 349 6911. 
G ia stro n GT-15o. 85hp, E v in ru d e . r u st o m tra ile r, a c c e s s o r ie s , im - m aculqte $2995. 673 o742. 
G R A M P IA N 26'. N e w C h ry sle r IO 
Sailer. W o rk in g so ils H e a d Got ley. L ik e new condition, $12,5oo 
1-937-21o5 
______________________ 

1973 F i r e b i r d 
F u l l y lo a d e d 
I-ow ne r 826-9565. 695-8o56________ 
71 F o rd 6 a u to ..................... ' 
7 2 F o rd Su p e r 6 Std 
........ 
7 3 C h e v y Su p e r V 8 Std. 
•74 F o rd Su p e r 6 Std 
........ 
'73 F o rd C lub W a go n ........ 
6831 S. F lo re s. 923-4211 

$175o 
$215o 
$235o 
$245o 
$245o 

K rtc g h q ff, I2 a a O U w ith 2ogn a n d 28 a a b b ls in o r ig in a l r o s e 
$1995. W in c h e ste r a a 12 a a Skeet, 
$69.95 w ith case 228-OlJO 
'7 2 F i r e b i r d 
L o a d e d ! C le a n 
828-6355 after 7: 696-o3o3 
'7 6 F o r d F2 5 o , 6 c y l, 4 -sp e e d , p o w e r ste e rin g , b ro k e s . R a d io , heater. R u b b e r IO ply rated with sp o r e . L o w m ile a g e . C a m p e r. 
F irst $45oo-922-92o7________________ 

'67 F ir e b ir d V S, outo, pow er, ex cetlent cond $95o. 699-1939 
'73 G ra n d P rix . L o w m ileage. E x tro sharp. S a c rific e $695 695-824o 

7 3 C h e v y CIO new 35o e n g , new tires. Pow er, air. 494-1921_________ 
'6o F o rd 283 m otor a nd t ro n sm is sign. $1oo or B est offer. 435-6637. 
1964 V A N 4-ton truck 22,ooo m iles. 
E x c e l l e n t c o n d it io n . 
$ 2 ,o o o 
624-2487 o r 6 2 4 - 9 1 o 6 ___________ 

G ood L u m b e r-G o o d L e n g th s 
8 
19C L F 
6 
.............................19'JC 
L F 
8 .................................. 76c L F 

’76 C h e v y C r e w C o b 4 w h e e l drive. 
M a n y e x tra s! 
$5595-349 22oo______________________ 

7 4 C H E V Y C U S T O M , L O A D E D ' 
826-9565, 695 8o56___________________ 

M O T O R H O M E S 
E x c lu s iv e F ra n c h is e d D e a le r for, 
X P L O R E R , T R A V E L Q U E E - N 
K IN G S H IG H W A Y , K E Y S T O N E 
342o SO. P A D R E I S L A N D D R SI 
C O R P U S C H R IS T I, Tx. 
78415 

B U R K E 
M O T O R 
H O M E 
C E N T E R 
86oo B R O A D W A Y 
828-9134 

C u s t o m B u ilt I o w n e r '6 9 F o r d 
S u p e r V o n M o t o r H o m e . F u lly e au ip o ed . e x ce lle n t cond. $495o. 
722 
P a rk rid g e 
After 
6 p.m .: 
494-6869. 

1975 F o rd F I SO E x p lo re r . L o a d ed! 826-9565, 695 8o56____________ 
G R 
7o 15 
S T E E L 
B E L T 
R A D IA L S 656-8565____________ 
55o ac. H ill C ountry, 7 ml. South of 
To role V $24oo I 36372o7 

5o a c r e s bluff cre ek r o a c h $«»$ p e r acre, g re a t hun tin g, w e wilt fin a n c e 2o y e a r s at 7 ’ « % sim p le interest, with 5 % dow n p aym en t. 
C oll tor a p p o intment. 734 9363 

14 a c re s h u n tin g country, b io deer a nd tu rk e y, excellent hun tin g, on fe n c e lin e of la r g e r a n c h 
$49o d ow n p aym en t. $75 86 p e r m onth 
O w n e r financed, call for info rtu a lion. 734 7964 

F is h in g , ra n c h t a n k s, b a s s , cat- fish, c ra p p ie , p e rc h $1o p e r d a y p er p erson . 333-695$_____________ 

N e e d 6 h u n te rs for d e e r lease in 
N W B e x a r Co. $35o p e r gu n. C all 
653-o3o9 after 3pm. 
___________ 

O W N Y O U R O W N ! H e a rt of F e w le rto n d e e r c o u n t r y • o n g r a v e l r o a d w it h e le c t r ic it y 
4 m ile s 
N o rth of intersection of H ig h w a y s 
9/ a n d 72, Jx m ile W e s t of p ave m e n t, lo a c r e s w ith V* m in ­ e ra ls A lso, 2 tow n lots in Fo w le r- to n -o ll tor $4995.oo. 512 686-3944 

W A N T E D 15,ooo to 2o,ooo a c re s, too a u o lity So uth T e x a s h u n tin g le a se 
R e p ly to: E x p r e s s N e w s 
B o x 44)o. Son Antonio, Tx, 78297 
O r o h o 711-331 46o6 

•72 G ra n d P rix , nice, new ra d ia l tires. SI 55o 653-6815________ __ 
7 o G R A N O P R I X V-8, outo Ait 
5995 432-2644: 432 266o_____________ 

W A N T E D : 
O L D E R P IC K U P 69o 1o33 
•76 F o rd F IS O p ic ku p , c u sto m 2 tone, autom atic, pow er, a ir cond, extro tank 732-o89o 
___ 

•75 F O R D F 25o R a n g e r, m u st sell now, will help finance. C oll W oody 
433 1464______________________ 

‘75 Fo rd F IS H R a n g e r, air, auto. 
828 6355, otter 7: 696-o3o3 

'68 J a v e lin , all o r p a rts. M a n y high p erfo rm an ce ports. 433-1624. 

•68 O P E L P A R T S F O R S A L E . 
C A L L : 681-3854. 
_ 

61 W IL L Y P IC K U P . 4 w hl d rive, 
327 V8, N e w on- off ro o d tire s. 
H u n t in g r o c k . S H O O o r m a k e ofter. 226-1792______________________ 

G u p p y 13. Sa ilb o a t exce llen t con dition, m o to r, o n d t r a ile r, u se d o n e s e a s o n , s e a t s 4, s le e p s 2. 
$25oo. 8787412. 

7 5 C h e vy C ustom O e L u x e CIO, 6 c ylind e r 826-9565. 695 8o56________ 
• SOO S e q u i n R d , 22 6 -3 1 4 1 • 
Is t o r e f ix t u r e 's , 
C h e c k o u t roun te r, c lo se d d isp la y tobies 5*5’ c lo th e s ro ck, so le s c o u p le rs, ra sh 
• e giste r, full le n gth m ir r o r C oli 
S A ; 622-386?. 429-32o4._____________ 

4 6-8 13 T o ta l N C R C a s h R e g is 
Ic r s. 534 349Q, 648-3.158.____________ 

W A R E H O U S E E Q U I P M E N T ro lle rs, d ollie s, o n d etc- A ls o of 
H e e f u r n it u r e , s u p p li e s , c o p y m a c h in e , c h e c k w r it e r , a d d in g m ach in e o n d etc 344-2626.________ 

'7 3 G r a n d P r ix V-8, o u to . a ir. 
A M - F M 8 fro c k 
52195 432 2644, 
432 266o_____________________________ 
'72 C h e v y F e n d e r sid e . 3 sp e ed , stand ord. $12oo. J im . 661-4511. 
74 Opel, rebuilt with cu sto m fron t end. book $2,35o. B e st o v e r $86o 
M a y b e se e n in A u t o S h o p p e r 
M p g. 735-1187 
_____________ __ 
'G ra n d S a fa ri ‘76, loaded, low mi, I owner, m int cond 653-29o2 
G R A N P R I X ’76. 16,ooo m ile s, 
Silv e r w ith red interior. A M - F M tope, $51oo. 656-4768._________ __ 

Hobie Cat Sailboats 
D I S P L A Y ot S T O N E M A R I N E 
724o B a n d e ra R o a d 
D e aler: Jew ett S e rv ic e s. 342-8778 

7 2 C h e vy LUV p icku p 4 sp d . good condition. $165o. 533-337o._________ 
B e in g tro n sfe rre d -M u st sell 1975 
S u z u k i G T 5 o o 
F u l ly d r e s s e d . 
$1o95. A ls o 1975 S u z u k i G T 2 5 o . 
$595. B o t h b ik e s in s h o w r o o m condition! C all: 655-9355___________ 

 t n t H U M 81B t o C A I I 
IS 225-1666 f X P R ISS ANO N EW S 

1976 F o rd F 15o S o o e rc o b R a n g e r 
X L T , loaded G ra n d e F o r d T ru ck 
Sales 661 4121_______________________ 

'75 C h e v y L u v , rad io, air, w hite sp o ke w heels, ra d ia l tire s $2895. 
A sk for W e s 341-1455_______________ 

P o rs c h e engine p orts, floor jac k a nd a ir c o m p re sso r. N o th in g o v e r 
5)oo 494-1ooo________________________ 

R A D IA L T I R E S 13 IN C H 
______________656-8565 
___________ 
S ta n d a rd tra n sm issio n tits ‘58 to 
•63 C h e v y V8, SIO 626-2557. 

Steel ra d ia l tire s, GR78-1.5, n e w cond. $1oo c ash 
I belted H78 IS, new S2S 655-oo74_____________ 

T O O L C H E S T 
F o r P ic k u p , $65. 653-4361. 

H o b ie 16 so ils, new , ye llo w w ith m oin battens. $375. 1 327-3661 
7 4 F o rd F35o, V-8, auto, a ir $2195 
432-2644, 432 2 
6 
6 
o 
_____ 

73 F o rd F-6oo w ith 16' in su la te d re f r ig e r a t o r b o d y , t h e r m o k in g u n it w ith e le c t r ic s t a n d by. V 8 e ngin e a n d 5 so d Ir o n s. G ra n d e 
F o rd 661-4121_____________________ _ 
'76 F o rd G oo d T im e s V an , loaded) 
828-6355 atter 7. 696-o3o3__________ 

7 1 C h e v y L W B p icku p , 35o eng, stand , air. $175o. 1-538-28o9 
1974 B M W R6o. L ik e new. L e s s than 16oo actual m iles. W in d ja m ­ m e r, fa irin g, s is s y b ar. $27oo. 
333-o7oo. 
________________________ 
’7o B M W R6o-5. 23,ooo m i, lik e new, $125o. Side c a r $675. 344-7oo9 

7 6 C h e w one ton cre w cob, fully loaded. 4 speed, d u a ls L o w m iles. 
$4795 432-2644 : 432-266o____________ 

A M - F M , e le c t r ic w in d o w , se a t. 
L ow m iles. 435-1641________________ 
'73 G T O 2 d oo r h ard to p V -8,'auto, air. $1895 432-2644 
432 266o 

69 G TO . G o o d cond., rebuilt eng. 
D u al e xhaust. $1ooo. 433-5439. 

L a k e M c Q u e e n e y, 512-557 6622 
O p e n E v e r y d a y e xce pt M o n d a y 
'7 3 C H E V Y P ic k u p . L W B , lo w m ileage, v e ry d e a n . 
333-8o44 anytim e,____________________________ 
18’, 165 Hp. I O m o to r a nd T a n d e m trailer. B est offer 621-3o72________ 
•73 C h e v y pickup. V S, a ir, h e a v y d u t y t ir e s , L W B . $ 2 5 o o ; w it h cam p er, $28oo 735-75o9____________ r DITTMAR LUMBER 
,5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born Coring. Iron lengths to ? o ........ $24.95 sq. 

Corrugated Fiberglass, full 4 oz 

8', $4,39. IO , $ 5 .4 9 ,1 2 . $6,59 
.Asbestor Siding 
J27J5 sq inst quality birth paneling 

'/* 'n .................. ' $7,95 ca. 

4*8 3 '8 COX plywood $5,79 en 

4x8— 1/2" COX plywood .. 
$4.98 eo. 

Insulation 3 V z "........ 9 !/j< sq ft. 

Insulation 6 ............ 164 sq ft. 
THE M O NET SAVER 
* MnsterChorge 
BonkAmericord 
Where Cosh Buys at Wholesale 

L a B a m b a ! ! ‘69 P o n t ia c 4-d o or, tape. A M - F M , air, $425-826-1736 eves. 

'7 3 L e M o n s . 3 so d ., s t a n d a r d . 
518oo. 226-o291; 226-o292___________ 

‘76 J o h n so n 115, on U lt in v a d e r w alk-thru, good cond R e d u c e d to sell this w e eken d ! 653-5521_______ 
‘72 T R IU M P H T R U B od y, m otor, p a r t s 657-2ooo; 734-o287 E v e s o nd Su n d a ys. 

'7 2 V E G A P A R T S F O R S A L E 
C A L L 432-7189 

'74 C h e v y pickup. 57,ooo mi., air, p ow er $3ooo. 655-235o. 
K N O D E L M A R IN E 
L a k e 
M c 
Q u c e n e v , 
S A . 
I 
658 9164 open Tu es-Sot 9 6. Su n i s 

'7 4 C h e v y p ic k u p . L W B , a ir , pow er, auto N e w c am p e r. $28oo. 
9o3 S c h le y _________________________ 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
WORLD ALMANAC 
P.O. Box 4958 
Chicago, Illinois 6o68o 

'69 
V W body p a rts for sale 
698 2736. 
'76 C h e v y o ic ku p c a m p e r special. 
O ne ton. D u a l b ack w he els. A ir, pow er, 9,ooo m ile age Im m a c u la te like new ! R e g u la r ly $84oo ta k e 
$71oo B y owner. 224-6o64._________ 

W a n te d : C o b r a o r o th e r h i-p e r- fo rm on ce F o rd parts. 494 1922 
W o n te d : P o r t h o le h a r d t o p fo r 
•56- 57 T Bird. 434-4o6o 

S P O R T C O U P E B u c ke t seats, low m iles 435-164)________________ 
D ealer, in tro d u cto ry 
OHer, 
876-3391 
69 P on tia c C ata lin a , looks, r u n s great $495 T ra d e 342-2o93 _______ 
•72 C h e v y p ic k u p . C u s t o m cab , 
L W B , p o w e r f a c t o r y a ir, auto. 
C le a n . $1985. 9 o % f i n a n c i n g a vaila ble 224-441o._________________ 

7o P O N T IA C C A T A L IN A 
T a ke o v e r p a y m e n ts, no equity, coil C red it M a n a g e r , 349-6948 
Please send me copies of The 
1976 W orld Almanac. I enclose r n / check or money order for $3.45 for each copy ordered 
($2.95 plus 5o cents postage and handling.) 
(Please print— 
This is your mailing label.) 

N e w l l C h ry sle r, 16’ Sp o rt F u ry , 
Recpnd. lOOho 
E v in . 
G olv. 
T ra ile r ................................$3683 
•74 N a t l 
18 ' 
T r i H u ll, 9 o n p 
C h ry sle r, T ra ile r ............. 
$275o 
'6 4 16' P M C , 7 5 h p J o h n s o n , 
Traile r, G oo d C o o st R ig .. .$1,1oo 
14' F ib e r g la s s R u n n a b o u t 4ohp 
E vm ., T ra ile r 
.......................$73$ 
73 N a t l. 
1 5 ' T r i H u ll, 5 5 h p 
C h ry sle r, T ra ile r ................$189$ 
O P E N S A T -S U N , U ntil 6pm 

73 P o n tia c C a ta lin a . E x c e p t io n ­ ally clean 
$1795 
W ill trade. 
923-2883 
________________ __ 

63 C h e v y p ic k u p 
F M 8 t r a c k ste reo , m a g s, tool b ox. $375 o r 
Offer. 492-1157; 492-2366___________ 
A L A M O F L Y E R S . IN C . 
• 
••YOUR P I P E R D E A L E R " 
8411 M IS S IO N R O 
922-1228 
A T IS -T rin ity U n iv e rsity w eekend p r iv a t e g r o u n d s c h o o l. 
A p r 
3o M O V ) 
G U A R A N T E E D . 
817-921 2765 (se e A d Se ction A, 
Tues-W ed )_________________________ 
•61 C E S S N A 21oA, go o d fa st a'ir- plane. N ic e ly e au ip p i-d . $14,5oo, 
Ind ivid u al, 512-334-34oJ____________ 

'64 C h e vy pickup. VS, go o d condi- tion. 824-565) ofter 6._______________ 
Pontiac Convertible 73 
G ran ville , 
A ll pow er o ptions 
O N L Y ................................. $2795 
736-4321______________ 

76 C h e v y Scottsd ale p ic ku p , low m ile a a e , f u lly lo a d e d , r a l l y wheels. S45oo 653-8567____________ 
1977 C h e v y S ilv e r a d o , lo a d e d 
New. Ow ner. 633-2324._____________ 
ADDRESS 
'6 6 P o n t ia c E x e c u t iv e . N e e d s work. $35o. C oll: 657-1353._________ 
1974 C h e v y S u b u rb a n C h e y e n n e 
Su p e r Lood ed ! 826-9565, 695-8o56 
68 P on tia c F ire b ird . 6 cyl. G oo d ru n n in g con d itio n . $95o. 344-o614 otter 5 p.m._________________________ 
U Y ...................... STATE........ZIP____ 
(M ake checks, money orders to W orld Alm anac 
Allow three weeks for delivery.) 

L a k e M c Q ue en ey, 512-557 662? 
7 3 C h e v y Su p e r C he ye nn e , L W B , 
P o w e r ste ering,b rokes. 
$2ooo 
654-o454 
G r u m m a n 
C h e e t a h . 
D e a l e r 
D e m o nstra to r. L e a se b a c k a v a ila ­ b le . T o n y C r o s b y 4 3 3 -7 7 5 1 o r 
341-4oo3 e v e s ___________________ 

R A C E - S K I B O A T 
18' Steve ns, W tra ile r, 4oo hp V d rive , 7$ p lu s m ph. E x t r a C le an 
532-4151; 633-2643. 

1975 P o n tia c F ire b ird , outo, a ir, 
A M - F M S te re o w ith tape, w hite with b la c k v in y l top 
E x c e lle n t condition 653-4626__________________ 
‘72 C h e v y I ton. 33,ooo mi., 52ooo 
C oll 435-8474___________________ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 

S o m e t h in g N e w , a n d B a r g a in s To o . . 
Attend an Auction 
Si n e t i.n t 

QI? FifA MARKETS 

BILD MART 

6o1 florida • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 
Building Materia! Store 
Car Mac 5o in Metal Hang a Tool rack...................... $3.95 
3o go domestic corrug 

 iro n ............... 
$19.95 $g. 
12 in. Turbo vent with bose 
............ 
$22.95 
Bathroom commodes, white, S38 9S; colors, 
$49.95 
Alum roof coating: I gal tan, SS 95, S gal con, 
$24.95 
Novus No 85o calculator. 
$4 99 ea. 
4 ft. wood step ladder $4,95 eo. 
Stainless steel sink, 
32*21 ........ ;.... 
$27.95 
Misc ext and int doors$7.95 up 
Mahogany wood screen doors: 
3ox8o. 32x8o, 36x8o $14.95 ea. 
Thermo tile, bo* of 64 soft. 
$1o.56 
Maple butcher block cut in block with rim, 
16*16,513 95,21*16, $15.95 
BHD MART carries THU TEST point • select from 124o custom colors. 
$$$SAVE$$$ 

C A S H ’N ’ C A R R Y 

MosteKhurge ★ Bank Amprit Ord 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
SPRING SPECIALS 
Kiln dried— Neo Brite 
2*4 8— 14' No. 2TP 
164 lf. 
2*6 8-14'N o. ? YP ...... 
24c 
2*4 8— 14 No. I YP 
184 
2*6 8 -1 4 No. I YP .... 
264 
2*8 8— 14 No 
2 
YP 314 
2x6 8 -1 4 ' No 
I YP 
344 
BARGAIN HUNTERS 
SPECIAL 
2x4 precut KO fir studs 
. 794 
2x4 precut KO YP studs 
. 
794 
2x4 1o-16 KO fir 
IIC 
2x6 1o-16' KO fir 
154 
4x8 VV" COX DFP* 
S6 99 
4x8 
7/16 ll 8.88. embossed hdboord sdg 
Boned A grade 
$9.95 
CASH & CARRY 
W HIlf STOCK LASTS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-8556 

LUMBER BARGAINS latex Wall Point 
$3.5o 
2x4 No 3 Select studs 
894 
I 24o lb Sealdown shingle $14.25 
4x8 VS" COX Plywood 
$6.99 
4 x 8 ’4 " plywood 
$1o.95 

I 24x36 aluminum windows$! 2-45 
[ 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
|6 foot.......................... 
$89 
"CASH A N D CARRY" 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o7 E. Durango 
533-5115 

Extra Firm 

O rth opedic K ingsize M a t ­ tress, 2 Box Sp rin g s and 
Foundation, $ 7 5 . Still in 
O rig in a l Package. Q u e e n 
Size set, $ 6 5 . Full Size set, $ 5 5 , Twin Size Set. 

C a n Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-B Speedway 349-4127 

6x8...$295 
8x1o...$396 
Other sizes available 
Q U A L IT Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
H eavy-Duty Floor Included r 
SAN ANTONIO 
^ 
FLEA MARKET 

1428 AUSTIN H IG H W AY 
BRING YOUR 
GARAGE SALE TO US! 

Now Also Open Every Wed. & THurs. 

 from 9-5 p.m. with FREE RENT 

To All Having GARAGE SALES 

Other Sellers ALSO Welcome! 

 l 
Call: 828-1488 For ^formation. 
J 

TIM! most interesting antique shoo in Texas. Everything tram glass to fo rty Am erican Furniture at 
Biumenthoi, Texas. 7 mites west of L B J State P o rk on H w y 79o 
Open dotty except Tuesday Look for Bium enthoi H w y sign 
____ 
5oo Seguin Rd. 
226-3141 

Used, discounted 8x12, 1ox1o stg. bldo free del term s. 974-o32o 

Used stg. bldg, call 732-S17! for availability dotes. 712-5171________ 
Used 12*4o finished office bldg. terms, tree dei. 653-8111_______ 
AUCTION 
Antique* A ccessaries Collectable 
1o2o T O W N S E N D . 82* 17*4 
________A L A M O H E IG H T S 
G a ry 's Antique A u d io n House \ j j f l l j l J 
I 
617 Colorado, Hwy. 183, Lockhart 
I 

Sunday - April 24 • 1:3o PM 

4o ft. Container of Quality Antiques 

Consigned to us by BRISTOL A N T IQ U A , LTO. 

^Inspection: IO A M Sunday until sole time 

 f P A B T IA l L IST IN G : O a k ro llto p d u l l w ith S-roll. la r g o ch o tt o f 
(d r a w e r* w ith tw iste d colu m n s o n eoch side. B o o k c a se w ith c u p ­ b o a r d b e lo w . C h ip p e n d a le *id e -b y -» id e b o o k c a se secretory. O a k d ro p -fr o o t secre tory. Pino ch e st o f d r o w n s . 2 p ie ce s w aln u t b e d ro o m : c a rv e d w a rd ro b e o n d d re sse r w ith b u rle d w aln u t trim . 
Pine V icto ria n d re ssin g table, c a rv e d m irro re d back sid e b o a rd w ith 2 le a d e d g lo ss d o o rs. 2 b e r c ab in e ts, I w ith b u rie d w aln u t, 
I o a k . S e v e ra l m a rb le to p w a sh sta n d * w ith colorfu l tile b ack t. 
C h ild 's d r o p fro n t d e sk . C h ip p e n d a le style co ffee tab le. G y p s y tab le. 3 la rg e p in o trunks. 
W an t stan d s 
People o f g a t e le g g e d ta b les. C h ild '* o a k school de sk, O a k w a ll cabinet. Teacarts, B e e r pu m p. T o w el rails 
W ic k e r: lo v e se e t, Tabla, ch airs o n d b a b y 

 crad le . C a rv e d o a k 6 pc. d in in g ro o m suite. 2 ru gs, 9 » ! o a n d 
7*9. S m a ll o a k b o o k sh e lf- S e v e ra l nice d re sse rs. B e d ro o m suttas. 

B ro s* o n d Iron be d s. B e d sid e c o m m o d e . M oll m irro r w ith b ra ss 

 co a t rack s. O il p a in tin g s a n d fra m e s. Prints o n d fro m e s. P a rlo r 

 tables. P rim itiv e s tools. P rim itive d o e r loc ks o n d k e y s. W ic k e r b a sk e ts. B o w l a n d pitcher set*. B ra ss pitcher. S a la d b o w l set. 

O a k o n d w ith silv e r trim . C a rn iv a l g lo ss pieces. C o o d le hold e rs. 

M a n te l clocks. D re sse r set. S e v e ra l c a k e stan ds. B ra ss w a ll p la ­ 

 q u es B ra ss m o g a iin c rock. S e v e ra l oth e r d e c o ra tive Item s. 
IN V tS T IN Q U A L IT Y foe a d d itio n a l In fo rm a tio n C oll S I 2 -3 9 8 -3 7 o 1 or 3 9 2 -7 o o 3 
THE AUCTIONEER 
T xG c-77-o386 
G A R Y FINGLEMANJ 

8x12 Office Bldg. Paneled, wired. 
A ir cor* .taloned, desk, choir, file cab in e t. E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
224-o*51; 822-1*4*._________________ 

W E L C O M E Fiesta V isito rs' 
Com e see Son Antonio's m ost un 
(que Antique S h o o ' O 'd ce d in g tans re store d ond gu a ra n te e d , w ic k e r, s ta in e d o n d b e v e le d g la ss, old a rc h ite c tu ra l item s, a d v e rtisin g , rolltop d e s k s a n d m ony unusual items tram a traffic light to horse drow n d o c to rs buggy 

A Place In Time 
*137 M cC u l l o u g h 

(F re e cu stom de sign sto re s, of 
! Bees, take cabins. 732-5171 
Luxurious Velvet 
Herculon or N au gahyd e 
Sofas 

$ 1 o o lo ve se a t 
$ 7 5 , 
C hoirs $ 5 o , Tables $ 1 7 each. 
Octette 
$ 5 5 , 
Bedroom 
Set 
Com plete 
$ 1 2 5 , 
C a n 
Deliver. 
Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-8 Speedway 349 4127 

M O F F E T T LU M b te R CO. 
Wholesale ■ Retail 
"D ependable Since 1935” 
4o7 N. Zarzam ora, 432-7881 
Beautiful 

Early Am erican or C o n ­ tem porary K in gsize Bed­ room set. 
Includes 
Dresser, 
M irror, 
Chest, 
N ight Stan d , Bed, Foun­ dation. $ 2 5 9 . Disp layed 
O n ly C a n Deliver. Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

Used 12x12 staraqe bldg. term s, tree delivery. 924-5oo3.___________ 

A ll wood, 8 x12', S295. 12 x 1 * 
1545. Delivered *55 23*3_________ 
W o n te d : 
D a lh a r t W i n d b a g original paintings 82* 797* Bruce 

 your lot All paneled and plum b­ ing, vinyl floor covering. 
2 bedroom. I bath, SIO.SOO 
3 bedroom, I bath, $12,8oo 
Dodson Lum ber 
*74-225* 
P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d bv 
M organ Bonded *53 8111.________ 

918 COWS & JEWELRY 

5 piece living room, *99.95. Office desks, *99.95. Bedroom se* with m attress and spring, *179 95 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
We e got lots of It. lf you need any auantity, birng your list ond bring yo u r m oney. We gu a ra n te e to save you money. 
D I T T M A R L U M B E R 
5oo Seguin Bd 
22* 3141 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday, Apr. 17, 1:3o P M 
G a ry ’s Antique Auction House 
Lockhart. Tx 
Coll 398-37o1 
Are Y our Antiques ond Collecti­ b le s Properly In su re d ? Certified ilnventorv. Licensed A p p raise r, 
Phil M oron 734 5**8 
_________ 

Buying and Selling 
Gold ond Silver Coins, etc 
2o* West Ave , 735 7111 
R e d u c e d i t x l * S t o ra g e b ld g terms, tree delivery 924-5oo3 
Repo. 12x32 red born heavy duty floor, free del, terms, 923-434* 
Displayed 

But Never Used 

Kingsize Bedroom Set Complete 
S225 White Gold Bedroom Set, 
Bamboo Refton, Herculon Solo nod Choir $139 Recliner $59 
Extra firm Full Size Bed 565 
Stereo, Sofa Sleeper, 5165 Con 
Deliver, Terms. 

Smith Construction Co. 
8515-8 Speedway 349-4127 

Karotklns Downtown Thrift 
Basement, New used furniture 
231 E.Com m erce, 227-*3*1 

41* Dolorosa. 227 *512 
2 Diam ond Dinner R in g s <1-1 peas rn o pod) toto* weight is caret 14, co ro l gold *15o (I Otam ond ond e n a m e l r in g ) 'j c a r a t c e n te r stone total w eight 85 points I* carat gold *775 Will sell both for 
*4oo Coll 9— * 349 43o5 __________ 

U N IT E D 
D IS C O U N T 
F U R N IT U R E 
No I 
................. 1o4 E L A M A R 
No 2 ... 1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture - Fraction of retail 

P ly w o o d t x” C D X SS.79, A ll 
P ly w o o d on sale, new sc re e n doors, *12.5o. New ond used win dows and doors. 
31o3 
W 
Commerce. 

L A C K 'S Discount W arehouse 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 C O L IS E U M OR. 
225-7444 
Slightly damaged, reduced 12x24 
Storg. bldg, del, terms, *84 123*. 
Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full. Queen, Kingsize 
S O L ID B R A S S H E A D B O A R D S 
824 *975___________3123 Broqdw oy 

D octor's Investm ent G roup is in forested in buying coms, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, etc Contact D r Vogt, 73* 2o79 
B E S S ’ A N T I Q U E S 
545o Old Sequin Rd., **1 5587 
B O E R N E ond C O M F O R T shoos welcome you Inform ation • G a r­ den Cote, 31* S. M ain, for area shops 
Accent, Two on the Ark, 
Hand and Heart, Boerne House of 
Antiques. Jody's, This Old House, 
Pioneer West (Leon Sp rin g s) In 
Comfort, Comfort Collections ond 
M a rty's Off Her Rocker. 
B U Y S E L L A P P R A IS E 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W IL L B O R N 
TOW N & C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
82* 2749 3*o9 Broadw ay 735 2414 

F a sc in a tin g old E n g u s n se m i- grand piano bv John Broodwood and Sons Approx. IOO yrs. old 
**5o 344 oo23. 
__ 
A C C O R D IO N 17o boss with case. 
*8o *53 43*1............................... . 
A m p lifie r with sp e a ke r cabinet bos b a ss guitar inputs, built in phose sniffer for quitpr Input 
433 4343._______________ 

PAG EN K O PF 
AN TIQ UES 
5312 B roadw ay 

'Since 1 9 3 * ' 
Storew ide Sale 
1 o -5 o % OFF 
ALL M ERCH ANDISE until M a y I st 
C a ll fo r A p p ra isa l Service 

8 2 6 - 8 2 2 2 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
152* M C 
C U L L O U G H 
227 48o3 
It you hove A ntiques, Je w elry, 
D ia m o n d s , S t e rlin g , G o ld o r 
Oriental R u o s ta sell, you'll get the 
B e st P ric e from Sa n A n to n io 's 
F inest Shoo 
GET THERE FIRST! 
A M E R IC A N L O A N CO buv-sell-trade anything of value 
1*24 E. Com m erce 
N E W A N D U S E D P IA N O S A N D 
O R G A N S A T B IG S A V I N G S , som e o s taw a s *295. A n tiq u e 
Knabe. a rare bargain C hicker m g G rand, like new. only *2995. 
New Spinets. *788, large selection 
Also RenM o-Buv. 

W a sh e r-d rv e r G E com bination. avocado. *12*. *54-o883___________ 
G uitar Classic, like new. 
*45. 
732 9*47.__________________________ 
M r s Brenner, 822-5*4o, 342-5o7o 
ESTATE AUCTION ^ 
The blate of Mrs Franzes Cantrell 
(deceased) to be sold rn her residence in loVermo, Texas 
Sun., M a y T, 2 P.M. 
DIRECTIONS: Proceeding from 41o fast, take Rigsby Exit, Hwy 87 
South (to Vittorio) for 18 miles to laVernic Turn left at blinking light in loVerma which is Blue Bonnet, proceed I blk., turn left, third house on left 
SAU W ill INCLUDE IN PART: ex quisite collection of old cut crystal 
• lomps with crystal drops, crystal candle bases, glasses, footed bowl, s'ams, water pitcher, crystal salad bowl, relish dishes, platters ond other unusuu' pieces. Period 192o bedroom. Empire dry washstand 
Heavy grandfather curved front rhino cabinet 
Occasional tables with claw ond bol! feet Windup 
Victrolo. Cedar chest Empire buf­ fet. Old wood burning stove Parlor set 
Round nok pedestal table lomouge Austria decorator plates 
Oriental cream and sugar. Belleek chino tea set (signed). Plus good selection of contemporary furniture ond appliances including washer and dryer, freezer, electric stove, living room ond much more 
INSPECTION: IO om 
Sun!, til 
Sale 
TERMS: Payment same day 
BACKYARD SEATING PROVIDED!! 

AUCTION ^ 
17o2 S. Alam o 
S A N A N T O N IO IND. 
SCHO O L DISTRICT 
Sat., Apr. 3o, 9:3o A M. 
The following will be offered without limit or reserve Raetone 3 door stainless steel refrigerator 
Glenco 
2 dr. 
Stainless steel refrigerator 
9 chest tvae fuqidoire freezers. 
2 Schaeffer slide fop milk coolers ABC com­ mercial milk coolers. loCrosse 4 ft. metal box. Frigidoire, 5 SA freezer. 
4 stainless steel top silverware tables S bakers tables with wood taps Wood top worktable Hobart 
AM 6 dishwasher. Hobart C44 dishwasher, bottom section. Hobart mixer 5 6o1 Montague range 3x4 wood table Frigidoire home style upright refrigerator 4o dishwash log machine rocks • cups ond tray style. S boxes of ossorted pots large assortment of Syrocruse chino cups, plates, saucers, bowls - no chips Hundreds of plastic troys. 
38 black sheet pans Cosh register, model 126 4 cosh registers, model 
122 
Hobort motor for 
C44 dishwasher. 
Old wooden dish cabinet, 6ft NCR checker. Pallets of wood croting and S meat slicers. 
OPEN FOR INSPECTION: Sat 8 a rn. ti! Sale 
TERMS: Payment same day 

W elder: Lincoln 225 AC, cutting torch, quages >175 *98-2927 
W heelchair,' w ooden, an tiq u e . large adding m achine stand, an- tique 1-393-478o Floresville 

M arble Too D resser 
Plum e M ahogany Chest 
Collection of Copper M olds 
A N T IQ U E C O T T A G E , 5o8 D allas 

G u itar, electric, R ic h e n b o c h e r with student Amp. *3oo. *94-73o2. 
AA W recking, 527 Cypress, L v r 
Ptbg, Furn, Etc. 732 2437._______ 
E S T A B L IS H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
P L A T IN U M 
G O L D 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A I S A L S 
M A D E 
O N 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E S T A T E S 
325 A L A M O P L A Z A 
22* 1424 

4 H ers Arts Crafts Project Show and Sale Will Be Held The After­ noon of Saturday April 3o, in the 
C om m u nity Room of M c C re le ss 
Shopp ing Center. The P u b lic is 
Invited From lpm to 3:3opm 

A B A R G A IN ! Personal U S plate b lo c k s, c o lls , fo re ig n . M o v ie cam era, unused, Sup er electric zoom. P a id *2oo, sell *98 Short wave set, perfect Paid *137, sell 
4*5 Rolleicord, *55 And beautiful books. 824-1887 

Covered W agon. 
Coll *25 **27 New ood condition irounteis 
Grobo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy 
M a s s iv e O ld E m g l is h (lo o k s 
Spanish) 
9 pc dining suite 
I 557*253_________________________ 
Southside 223 *151 1*oo Noqghtas 
Norths.de *54 ** *! 5235 W olzem 
(3 blk* E ast of W indsor M oll) 

C L IM E R S R U M M A G E B A R N 
C A SH A N O C A R R Y 
Antiques. Bottles, Prim itives 
Relics and M a n y Other Thmqs 
C O M E S E E ! ' Open 11AM to SP M 
Closed W ednesdays ond Sundays 
I 742 88o8 during business hours 
Where H w y 47* crosses Hw y I* 
P O T E E T , T E X A S ________ 

W h e e l 
C h o ir 
E le v a t o r, all weather, over *4oo, sell 
*14o. 
824-197o._________________________ 
2 M U S IC B O X E S 
*15oo 
Baldw in Zodiac O rg a n ; Synthe- sizer, 2 y rs old. 87* OIS*, *1395 
Hitter Piaaue 
824-131o 
W hite re frige rator, good condi lion, *45 433 373o_________________ 
N e w o n d O ld Sh o o . 3o5 W e st 
Ashby (N ear Soc) 732 8888 

O P A ’S A N T I Q U E S 
________22o3 S. H ackberry______ 

138 P E R R Y C O U R T 
Antique & Quality Furniture 
C o n sistin g of a ntique etagere, 
4 Vt 11 a la b a s t e r u rn , F re n c h couch ond choir, ornate wardrobe converted to china cabinet, b a ­ chelor's chest, dresser, large o r­ nate m irror, closed china cabinet, v a rie d se le c tio n of d e c o ra to r ite m s r e fle c t in g the o w n e r ’s su p e rio r taste, p a ir of F re n ch 
P ro v in c ia l lo ve se o ts, ped estal round table and * upho lstered ch airs, m a rb le top chest, bone w hite cou ch, la m p s, c u tg la ss, crystal, Brie-A Brae, etc Plants and pots will be sold on the patio. 
Starts Sunday, Apr. 24, I *pm 
Daily, lo *om 

C R IT C H E T T P IA N O CO 
No Time Lim it on Rental* 
Rental Purchase Plan 
19o7 W Woodlawn 
7344 

Above ground 18x4 P O O L, pool deck accessories *25o *73-2722 
Je rry baby back carrier, S e a rs baby bed, portaerib,. Tires, 2 F i­ restone radials, BR78x13. snow tires, 734-575* 
_________________ 

W R Dallas Table AO' round value 
*475, sell *3oo. 82* 197o___________ 
8'xlO ’ Cabin tent, used I time, *5o 
4 LR 78 15' tires, *75. *54-4771 
8 X 1 o C O L E M A N T E N T . L ik e new. Coll 454-o593.________________ 

Air conditioner 3' 2 tons, central mnit, never used, *45o. 333 2823. 
C O U N T R Y F U R N IT U R E 
H O U S E S A L E 
Sale of collection of m ony years 
Austin, Texas 
Oak kitchen cabinet; several pie saves. I Pine handm ade from E 
Texas; sm okehou se table; pine lectern; tool box; borrel; coffee box; bread box; oak desk; round oak table, I set of oak ch a irs; ge n e ral store shoe ro c k ; light fixture mode from w agon wheel hubs, m any other items 
S o t . Sun , M on 
April 3o M o v 7 
11o4 M a rcy Si 
OH W Ben White Blvd, 44oo block 
Banister Lone 

D R U M S E T 
532 8o38 
197* C H E R O K E E 18o 
C A L L F R A N K A D A M S : *59 19*8 
Kenm ore stove, coppertone, good condition, SSO * 57 1942____________ 
K E N W O O D S T E R E O C O M P O N ­ 
E N T , IS Watts per channel. F a c ­ tory packed, new, *275 C A SH . 
*55-o398___________________________ 

Air cond, runs good, *135, 12,ooo 
B T U 'S, 23o volts 927 5827 
Q U E E N ' S A N T I Q U E S 
28o9 Fred ericksb urg 
Hours: 9 5 
R A R E 18oo's new sp ap ers, ads, novelettes tar sole. *84 *791 i 

^ F a sc in a tin g old E n g lis h se m i grand piano bv John Broodw ood and Sons AoD rox IOO yrs. old 
*45o. 344 oo23. 
_____ 

1975 C H E R O K E E 235 
C A L L F R A N K A D A M S : *59-19*8 
Am ana touch mafic rad or range 
6 m os, 5vr w a rra n ty , top line model. *4oo **1-58o9 oft 5pm 
929 - GARAGE SALES 
SA N A N T O N IO 'S 
Largest Indoor 
T A IL E N D A N T IQ U E S 
M atching table, buffet, 4 ch airs 
In Colonies North M all 

Bedroom suite, dinette set. stove, w a sh e r, fru it ja rs. b o ttle s, 
Others! 8am -*pm Wed Mon. 718 
Ham m ond 534-8149_______________ 

Antique large borrel back chair. 
New tapestry upholstry. 
*35o. 
*74 o 
o 
3 
* 
______________ 
[Five piece R ogers drum set, *3oo or best offer Good condition Two 
I way IOO watt speakers. * * * eo 
435 2485, 27* o55o 

Ladies bike 24" with baby carry 
$38; hichoir 57’; hand golf cart $*; 
R o ya l T yp e w rite r $1o; electric can opener *4; weading d re ss size 
9 IO. 342-1734. ofter 3._____________ 

To Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A L L 
H ere's the num ber for you to call 
AIT 7*oo, *33 o34o (cash paid) 
J IM L IS T E R __________ 

A p p lia n c e s, M a tc h in g C o p p e r­ tone, com bin ation re frige ra to r, freezer, elec. ronqe, both *3oo very good condition, 732 *124 after 
6pm. anytim e Sot ■ Sun._________ 

3 Fam ily G orage Sate: Stereo, Ice c re a m fre e z e r, d ra p e s, m ise . 
9-*pm. 4o19 Shenondale.__________ 

E v e ry Saturday Sunday 
North West Shopping Center 
3*oo Block Fred ericksb urg Rd 
Back Side of Center 
F O R IN FO , or R E S E R V A T IO N S 

G U IT A R , G ibson The R ip p e r', bos, I " i yr old Excelleot cond! lion *2*o *53 9311 
_________ 
Law n mower, D ynam ark 2o‘. rear bagger, used 
3 times. 
JU S. 
*54-1738.___________ 
GARAGE SALE 
H am m ond organ. 1975 Phoenix, 
1*135o or a ss u m e p a y m e n ts of 
*48 toper month *23-1114 

W A T C H T H IS C O L U M N F o r 
E s t a te S a le S u n d a y A p r il 24, 
P A T S Y B U V S 

A p t 
S e llin g e x t ra fu rn it u re , couches, chairs, coffee end tables, dinette, lam ps, m any bargains, 
733-1831 B oy-LU 1318 G ordina 

Law nm ow ers, 8hp rider, like new, 
2o" rotary, very good 337-36o5 
L E S P A U L C U S T O M 
Sho-Bud Pro ll 
Craftsm an Law nm ow er 734-3491 

5o-1oo F A M IL IE S 
•Antlques»Furniture«APDltances 
E v e ry w knd Seilers *4 Sat *8 Sun 
1478 Austin Hwy, 828 1488 
T H E 5.A. F L E A M A R K E T 
G a ra ge Sa l*: Starts 9A M Sotur- dav. G ive A w ay P ric e s! M u lti­ fam ily m oving sole! E x p e n siv e clothes, Ige tent, old round table, chairs, exercise bike, couch, IO speed bike, bifold doors, office furn, bed frames, 3o* stove, law n­ mower, antique chest, tires. 593o 
Moon Dance (off Callaghan R d) 
*844)98. 

G A R A G E S A L E , c lo th e s, a p ­ pliances, furniture, tools, dishes. 
21o Kirkwood, 924625). 
G A R A G E S A L E 
Thor. to Sun. 
4o1 Janice, *58 5288______________ 
G A R A G E S A L E ! Carp et, stun d a rd typ e w rite r, F ilte r Q ueen v a c u u m c le a n e r, c lo th e s a n d other items! 
7o14 
W ildfern 
*84928*__________________________ 

A Q U A R IU M S : (2 )2 9 a a l sa lt water, 
(1)55 gal fresh water. 
*54 o429 
_______________________ 
YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 

197o lik e new Ben H o g a n left handed woods, (1,3,4) and irons. 
(2 T W ), in clu d e s bag, *17$. or best otter. 341-8492 or *84-1414 ext 
61 between 1o:3o A M ond 12:3o 
P M Mon, thru F r i . __________ 

B a b y be, A S 'x 3 3 ‘, c o n v e rts to youth *65, ploypen $1o. 734-47o5 
2 Barber chairs with m irror and lavatory Coll 435-o139_____________ 
Bargain, w arehouse full of good fu rn itu re ! E x ce lle n t condition. 
33) Breesport. 824 *976. Out San 
Pedro to North L o o p Rd. left to 
Nokomo, left on Vallient. Sat and 
Sun. Ioom -*pm.___________________ 

M a g ic C h e f E le c t r ic R a n g e 
Avocado, *1oo. Black V in yl Solo 
E x c e lle n t 
C o n d itio n . 
*1oo, 
S I? 443-52oS oft 5:3opm __________ 
M agnovox 23" Color TV. remote control, good condition. 
*175. 
*96-154o.__________________________ m m 
JoNES 
'“A l f i T e s y 
A u c tio n e e r 
TxGc-77- 
T 
o o 2 9 
J. K ah n A A ssoc ., est. 1 9 4 9 
5 o 9 6 B lan co Rd.. 3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 
P L A N N IN G A N A U C T IO N ? 
C O N S IO fR O U R R E P U T A T IO N 

M 
JONES 
A u ctio n e e r k k ’W ls W 
T * G C -7 7 - 
T ' 
o o 2 9 
J. K ah n A A ssoc., est. 1 9 4 9 
5 o 9 6 B lan co Rd.. 3 4 2 -4 8 2 2 
P L A N N IN G A N A U C T IO N ? 
C O N S ID E R O U R R IT P U A T IO N 

B A T T IN G P IT C H IN G M A C H IN E , oir com pressed, call SA; *22-3862 or 429-32o4 
____________________ 
M o g n a v o x , 25’ color T V, 5125. 
Phonograph, JIO. Color TV, $9o 
922-7587 
______________________ 
B E A U T IF U L Antique B ed room 
Set; Complete $35o. 7 pc Dinette 
$89, B a r ond Stools $79. Buffett 
$55. B la c k a n d W hite T V *49. 
Clean Stave $45, Sp anish Coffee and E n d Tables, Chests, Dishes, 
Glassw are, and M uch More. 17o$ 
West Ave. 1o-*pm 732 *595._______ 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 
S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S -S E R V IC E 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
C E R A M IC S & 
C E R A M IC T IL E 
Money Safe 
824 131o or *53-3o*1 
W M O V IN G S A L E - S U N D A Y - A n y ­ time. Rattan bar, and 4 stools, beveled glass showcase, old b ird ­ seye m aple counter, w ard rob e, e le ctric m otors, G e rm a n D oll, bookcase, w icker lib ra ry , table 
*125, w icker coffee table *65 oo, w ic ke r ro u n d d in in g table *75. 
New w icker floor lam p *35. Build­ ing m aterials. Pinball, baseball, 
I bowling m achines *15o. som e os is for *5o. CalcaSien Bldg 214 North 
Broadw ay Apt 319______ ________ 
N E V E R U S E D 2 ton window air c o n d itio n e r. 
2 3 o B T U , 
*295 
734 3128 
9om 5pm, 
342-74*4 or 
*95 3231__________ _ 

A D D IT IO N S 
2o Yrs. Leveling Exp. 
W E W IL L S A V E Y O U M O N E Y 
________534-7329 333 2982 

R C A 19' black and white TV with tinted gloss. *14o. 733-o881._______ 
Expert Sewing M achine R epair 
Free In-Shop Estim ates 
3523 West Ave., 344-9*71 

T IL E Y O U R W A L L S over the tab with ce ra m ic tile. S’, lab or and m aterial-*l89.5o A lso p lu m b in g brick work. 734-5412, 924-7511 

G a r a g e s o le : 
F r i- S u n . 4214 
Tropical, east 
Terrell 
Hills. iQom *p m ________________________ 
Corner Kitchen Cabinet, **5. M a ­ ple C hiffrob e and D resser, T rea­ dle Sewing M achine *35. Console 
Radios Oak Rockers. Buffet 19o1 
Star Piano. Wood Lounge Choirs, 
*5 ea. 42" Stave, *2$. Mow er, *2o 
Depression G lass; Trunks, M uch 
More, 
M ust 
Get 
Rid of 
Rem odeling 
F L E A T IQ U E 734-8395 
141o W H IL D E B R A N D at IH IO 

Reliable Carpenters, room addi­ tion, roofs, con cre te w ork, ac- c a u s tic a l c e ilin g , re a so n a b le . 
Free Estim ates, 432-3*32, aft * 
434-oo97_____________________ 

Beautiful inlaid m ahogany cabin­ et 21" B W TV. Antique w icker ch air ond fern stand. P a in tin gs and fram es. A rt oblects. Sm a ll kitchen appliances. Tables. A rm c h a ir a n d foot sto o l. M IS C 
828 *82* 153B Treasure W a y _____ 

N O T A R Y P U B L IC 
PO O L 
B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 
D on't wait any longer, (w e have the m uscle to do alm ost any lob no matter how simple, no m olter how difficult. H a n d y Fel O, 6459 Old 
Hw y 9o West, *73-2573 or 533-9o98 

Pool cleaning, d a lly or weel 
■ service. Free est *5*o248 

 j 
Sw im m ing pool chem icals 
Low prices *54-o248 

Babysitting in m y home, 3 m os to 
5 yrs. 533-23*5____________________ 
C O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN G 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 
P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 
Bed; Com plete *45 F a ir C ond i tion. *5 *1 OO?________ ___________ 
Childcare bv RN, her home, NW 
Area, near U T 5 A U S A A *9* 429o 
Couch and chair. Gold ond Block 
*65. 333-2191_____________________ 
Bedroom set, extra desser. chest, sofas, choirs, coffee, end tables 
M a h o g a n y d in in g set, buffet, china cabinet, dinette, stove, twin beds, books, bookcase, girls be droom, (dresser has hutch top), 
337 7)35._______ 
________ 

H A U L IN G & M O V IN G 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E P A IN T IN G 
R E P A IR S E R V IC E . *84 497? 
A G a rc ia P a in ting Co n tra c to r 
Free Est. Int E xt 734 784* 

G E R H A R D T S $31-7149 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P o in lin g -P o o e rin g , S h e e tro c k . 
W indow G lass. R e p airs, Bud get 
Term s 1*12 S H ackberry________ 

C hild care in m y hom e D a y or. 
N igh t. R e g ist e re d a n d E x p e r- ienced. 73* 299o 
____________ 

Couch, New ly upholstered otaid design *95. *74-oo3*______________ 
CO U CH I Red *1o. I Green *2o 
Call 732-8298_____________________ 

4*47 R O O S E V E L T 
924 855*, 924 8557 
A l hauling m o vin g with p irk u p truck, also yardw ork. 473-5**9___ 
New M ontgom ery W ords 7o cu ft side by side avocado green re ­ frigerator, $75o, New JC P e n n y '* 
5 cycle washer, *15o. White F o r­ m ic a d in e tte set w ith y e llo w leather chairs. *45. Two twin box spring and m attress sets. S2oeo. 
Coll atter 5pm *5* 428?___________ 

Cut trim Maul Trees, F re e E st 
Jessie 432-7758. 437 8o7*_________ 
Exce lle n t ch ild care m y hom e 
Any age, anytime, N E , *53 M U 
H A U L IN G A N D D U M P IN G 
Hove 2' zTon Trucks. 533-1142. 
A C C O U S T IC A L C E IL IN G S 
T re e s cut o n d trim m e d . F re e 
Estim ates 534 3778 or 333 4*52 
T re e s cu t o o d h a u le d 
F r e e estimates *79-7574___________ ____ 

Oam oqed 12x4o double door bldg terms, free del. 732-5171__________ 
Bedroom suites, H ardrock M aple dining set, chino cabinet, couch lo v e se a t, coffee, end ta b le s, lam ps, bunk, trundle, twin beds, secretary, walnut china cabinet, re frig e ra to r, stove, m a h o g a n y dining set, glassware. 826 4213. 

I will Babysit in m y home, close to 
W indsor Pk, M on F ri *57-o1*9. 
L IG H T A N D H E A V Y H A U L IN G 
R e g* 534-3722 or 533-1142. 
Acoustical ceilings; tape floating; free est. reasonable prices. Call 
(pm 9pm 333 4*48_________________ 

D a tsu n B21o engine, t r a n s m is ­ sion, rear axle, bucket seats, left door, rear quarter panel, hatch b a c k , b u m p e r, w in d sh ie ld . 
73? 1191 atter 5, 494-75oo_________ 

Licensed Child care in m y home 
M on-Fri. 7am -*pm, Between Mill- tory D r and 41o Expw y 923-5*44 

Restaurant Double Sink Golv. *75, 
L o rg e Pie Safe C abinet *125, 2 
Large Sooce Heaters, *15 ea Of hee Oak Desk * * " *87 5o 923 3219 

L IG H T H A U L IN G A N D M O V IN G 
I piece ar house full 
DOV or Nile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
*54-57o5 _________ 

T R E E S . 
H E D G E S 
Cut-Trim -Haul 
D A V IS 73? 1*13 F O L K S *9 6 oo9* 

M o v in g ! 
T o n s m u st go. A p ­ pliances. books, old item s, am m unition, re lo a d in g equipm ent plants, toys, more Cash only I 113 
Cliffside, (Shavano P a rk) 
1 

N ice d re sse r-H e o d b o a rd *135, sm all chest pf draw ers, 2-bikes 
494-1317.__________________________ 
P A IN T IN G 
Need B a b y sitte r for 3 ch ild ren after school and 2 evenings. Need transportation 82* *953 att. 5pm 
A S P H A L T 
Riding lawn mower 5 hp 24" cut like new, *175 822-9*8o___________ 
D e sk a n d m u s ic b o c k c h a ir m ahogany, *295. *74 oo3*________ 
2 Bed side tables, solid m ahogany 
Colonial Style. SIPP pair. 82* o875 
Trees Trimm ed, Topped, Rem ove 
Stumps, Hauling 224-1237.________ 
A + P A IN T IN G 
IN T E R IO R E X T E R IO R 
Locke Industries *53 45*1 

Lite M o vin g . O av-N ight. T ra sh 
H a u lin g . S c r a p M e ta l h a u le d aw ay free. 923-4411__________ 
S p e c ia liz in g in A s p h a lt and 
Concrete 
Drives, 
*81-o874 
Anytim e! 

School alm ost out, don't w orry. 
M o k e a rra n g e I will love and care tar your children. 684 1317. att, (pm ________________ 

R O L E X P R E S ID E N T IA L 
Hidden Clasp *2*oo 
349-4191 or 349-1*39 

Beds! full *6o twin *45eo bunk 
$95. chest pi draw ers *5o 349 o82o 
Senior citizen selling ce ram ics, lady’s and m en's clothing, dishes. 
Everyth ing m u s t Go! 515 So E l­ mendorf St 433-9924 1oam-*pm d o i l y ____________________ 

T R E E W ork done, p ro fe ssio n a l s e rv ic e . 
P o w e r e q u ip m e n t 
Stum ps rem oved. Insured , F re e 
Est *57 31*4._____________________ 

Executive, Secretary, O cca sio n ­ al. Upholstered, vinyl and genuine leather All Beautiful. O ve r JOO c h a irs to ch oose from . P ric e d from $27.5o and up 1131 B a sse 
Rd., 733 73*7, 7?4-3o81____________ 

Bever Beyer Painting, Ext only 
Free E st 732-3533 *59-1497 
Belt exerciser machine 
221 Coryden Apt A. 
Rosenthal China, crystal, silver, 8 place setting with serving pieces. 
*175o. *54-1738____________________ 

Oak, W alnut, Metal. Execu tive, 
Secretary, Student - large selec­ tion. $79.5o and up. A lso G ood se le c tio n of F I L E C A B I N E T S fro m 5*9.5o. 1131 B a s s e R d ., 
733-73*7, 734-3o81__________________ 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O R K 
D a v e 's House Painting. Free es- tlmotes. Reasonable *75-2554 
Big B ra ss King Size Headboard, 
*58 3 pc K ing Size M attress Set, 
Extra Firm , with wide roller steel frame. *13o. Hom e after 12 noon dailey, anytim e weekend. 
*84 8234._______________________ 

D IR T S A N D G R A V E L 
F IL L -T O P S O IL 
T U T O R IN G 
& IN S T R U C T IO N S 
R O S E W O O D co n te m p o rary din­ ing room table, i ch airs. Zebra p h o to gra p h , 38x38, *5o. A c c o r ­ dion, *1oo A rm y Blue uniform, 4o 
Regular, *1o. *94-37*9.____________ 
R u b y G la s s a n d H a n d M a d e 
Quilts. 824-131o.___________________ 

P a n e lin g , S h e e tro c k . T o p in 
Floating. Aceoustlc painting, i reasonable prices *5* 4475. 

O ld tru n ks, quilts, c h a n d e lie r, several pieces of modern luggage 
733-7491._____________ _ 
All types of Concrete. Drivew ays, patios, sidewalks. Call day- night. 
Free Est. 735-13o4 732-7413.______ 

Antiques, Appliances, Furniture 
A B a rro n . A ll typ e s d irt-san d gravel. Y e a r Round del. 435 *157. 
Dining room set, solid m aple with 
4 choirs. Excellent. 492-9324 
H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 

E le m e n ta ry T e a c h e rs ; L e a r n 
B asic M etric System , O ne D a y 
W orkshop, Abel R eyna, 341-7841 otter 5pm classes start June *. 

S a in t's Pointing. Int-Ext. Point- ing Gen R epairs *54-o477 M orn 
One IO spd and 2 sm all bicycles. 
Good condition. *81-2*75 
Black vinyl sofa, loveseat, chair and ottoman >225. *55-3o58 
_____ 
Cem ent C onstruction. Redw ood d e s ig n p a tio s, s id e w a lk s , drivew ays, all types of flat work 
Hove troll will travel, 534-8873 

A l F E R T IL IZ E D V E G E T A B L E 
F A R M T O P S O IL , D E L I V E R Y 
A V A IL A B L E . *84-1873 
D ishw asher, portable, 1976 Ken more, cutting board top. *175, 
*23-1114__________________________ 

Estates, Anything of value... from one piece to houseful Coll: 
342-4755 Anytim e_______ Est 
1949 

O rgan 2 k e y b o a rd , m oving, Call 
Sot Sun *25o, 922 8917____________ 
Black W hite T V *5o. C ouch ond loveseat *17$, Twin size bed $45, dryer $45, Zenith color TV, *25o. 
3 49 -o 8 2 o 
_ 

I Do Custom B rick work ond Built chimney *73-28o2___________ 
P L U M B IN G 
Scub atank, re gu lato r, wet suit 
*15o 828-4758_____________________ 
All types dirt, sand, 
Langford, Northside. iravel. Jim 
42 244o 
O r ie n t a l ru g , 6 'j ’x lO ’, g r e e n shades, never used *2*5 *57 o42o 
TV R E P A IR S - R E N T A L S 
D ryer, K enm ore gas. S1oC. G as stove, *1oo Excellent condition. 
224-4281 ext.8o or 437-484* atter 
(pm_______________________________ 

C o n c r e t e -A s p h a lt , 
P a tio s, d riv e w a y s, re a so n a b le p rices. 
Free Estim ates. 927-5727 Steve 

J o e M e n d e z P a in te r , to o in g floater, paper hanger, texture 
Free Estim ates 435-2778._________ 

Set of golf clubs, bag 5135, room oir purifier ** 341-1278 
Set twin beds plus chest *2oo I 
E a r ly A m e r ic a n h e a d b o ro rd - foundation $75 *9o-9935 att 5 

B E L G IA N G A R O E N T O P S O IL 
Best Quality, also sand top soil mix 
Open 
M S . 
433 1489 or 
435-9229_________________ 

Paint sprayer, tiller, rugs, sink toilet. *3o Adrian.________________ 
Bunk beds or twin beds, living room set, king or queen size bed, misc. furniture, washer-dryer. 
*56-8134_______________________ 

F R E E E S T IM A T E S 7 D a y s Mon est Low P ric e *. W ork G u a ra n - teed 924-o79*.____________________ 

Buv, Sell. Trode, Repai r 
5322 SA N P E D R O 
828- 
24 H O U R P L U M B IN G S E R V IC E 
C O N C R E T E , P a t io s , w a lk s, drives, addition at winter prices. 
Free Estim ates. Frank 333 19*o 

ST O N E M A S O N Brick Laver. A l­ so 
Chim ney work 
927-5659, 
924 4184 
_____ 
Duncan Phyfe m ahogany table. * chairs, beautiful condition, *15o. 
Hida-o bed, *1oo 82* o873 
C o sh fo r w a sh e rs . K e n m o r e 
Whirlpool, 
Needing repair 
224-9*62 
Dirt Topsoil Sand-G ravel Loam 
Roy Hendrix. Delivered 341-2449 
C O N C R E T E W O R K , Asphalt, and roofing. Free E st 337 *211________ 
Bunk beds Queen and full size m attresses. Block-white ond color 
TV's. W asher ond dryer. 82* o875 

Reooir all leakey faucets in your home *14 5o Complete 
831 F U L T O N 
735 1979, 735 o742 

A M - F M 
Ste re o 
C a s s e tt e 
R e c o rd e r 
M u s t h e a r to op preciate. Retail *349. Only *195. 
34? 1718.__________________________ 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E - S t r a ig h t stitch, clean, good cond. 
*4o. 
923-339*__________________________ 
Y A R D W O R K 
Elec dryer, good condition will trade for gas or sell. *3o. 43 -2744 
Protect the Beauty of your lawn, 
Rich Too Soil, 733 o91o 8am to 
Spm______________________________ 

H O U SE C L E A N IN G 
CASH tor your Used Piono 
224-7111 or 224 11o2 
S p e c ia liz in g 
In 
C o n c re te . 
D r iv e w a y s , p a tio s, w a lk s, fo u n d a tio n s . etc. 
F R E E 
Estim ates. *81-o874. 

A I Mowing, ( doing, T rim m ing, 
Flow er Beds, Fertilizing, L a n d s coping 
Al reasonable prices 
*$*-4475__________________________ 

Elec range, less than ly r *125 
Refrigerator *43 349-o82o 
Bunk Bed, $125. Trundle Bed $15o, 
Sofa, Loveseat, Double Bed $7o, 
K in g B e d $1*5, D in in g T ab le , 
W osher, 
Dryer, 
$1oo eoch 
*54 62*3 
_______________________ 

A M aster Plum ber R e p a irs ond re m o d e lin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d , 
732-5*1* Or 435 4 * * 9 ______________ 

Conserve Water! We fix leaks and do sm all plum bing lobs H andy 
Fel-O , *459 O ld H w y 9o W est, 
*73-2573, 533 9o98. 

Sewing Machine, Lad y Kenm ore, m op le c a b in e t w ith c h a ir. 76 model, *275 *23-1 1 14._____________ 
S IN G E R Golden Touch And Sew, 
*99. 344-9*71.___________ 
_______ 

D IA M O N D S 
Williams, 227 87o2. ISO E.Houston 
Im prove home, affordable prices 
Free est 924 9591 922 919* 
T o p so il, G r a v e l, D e liv e r e d 
Spread, NW and N E. 434 n o * 
Electrophonic solid state A M -F M tope cartridge with donut and 2 ele ctro p h o n ic s p e a k e rs with 4 way plug system $2oo. 733 o881 

D ark room equipment 
224-o5o4 
*55 4ooo 
TO P SO IL, S A N O 
R O A D 
M A T E R IA L . 
A N Y T H IN G 

C o m m e rc ia l, R e s id e n tia l L o ts cleaning, hauling, trees trim m ed. 
923-1315.__________________________ 
IN SU L A T IO N 
4 burner aas stave 
927-3782. 
T H A T O O E 5 N T E A T ! 11 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
*33-2*oo or *33 o34o 

Low prices High Quality concrete work Coll M r Concrete. Se habla 
Espanol 223-5**7, 223 SI 15 

Sofa, *5o. Good condition, green ond white, 435-24*2_______________ 
P ic n ic T a b le s , N ew A 'x 3 o ", b e nches attached, n e ve r used, 
*3o 95 delivered. 337-3949. 
F E N C IN G , W O O D P R IV A C Y 
________ 
333-589o___________ 
U T IL IT IE S TO O H IG H ? Save now with foam ed-in-ptace Insulation 
R-19 value. 923 *2*1 anytim e 

C o m p le te y a r d w o r k , re m o v e trees Free Estim ates 734-3735. 
Cane back chairs, electric edger, 
3 suiter luggage like new; cam er­ as; unfinished medicine cabinet; large dog house. 494-3184________ 

DO YO U N E E D A P L U M B E R ? 
Reliable Bonded 824 o791 
S te in w a v u p r ig h t p ian o. N ew keys. R e stru n g. R e co n d itio n e d action. Antique value. Exception­ al rosewood case. M U S T S E L L ) 
M oving to Alaska. 4*1-4835_______ 

Topsoil, sand, gravel. Call Jesse 
*79-7574__________________________ 
F E N D E R ST R A TOC A ST E R With 
3 new Oim arzio Pickups 
Excellent condition 
*325 atter (p m 534-932* 

Old Lad y 8o yrs, needs apt size stove and re frige rator. C annot afford to buy. S32-584o___________ 

B A S E B A L L , 
P IN B A L L , 
Cutting, Edging, Trim m ing, Clean 
Up, Im m acu late w ork N S o re a 
Only! 341-o3o5-____________________ 
P L U M B E R . Reasonable, Instal lotion. 
F R E E 
Est. 
A. 
G arcia 
227-3oo5.__________________________ 
A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
T o p so il, S a n d y L o a m , Sa n d , 
Grovel, 
D rivew ay 
Material. 

922-8858_________________________ 
K IT C H E N C A B IN E T S 
Can not continue P a y m e n ts on 
Storage. M ove d to Apt. Spanish bedroom , solid oak, never used, 
*55o. S p a n is h D in in g T able, 6 choirs, *275. Hutch, *2oo. Attrac­ tive N a u ga h yd e sofa, loveseat, c h o ir, o tto m a n , *395. V e lv e t 
Lam ps, *35 ea 
Pictures *4 *3o. 
732 593o___________________________ 

U N L IM IT E D B U Y IN G of Better Grade 
F U R N IT U R E 
Antiques ond Appliances 
734-9773 

Pioneer SA-99oo intergrated am- plyfier, 11o w atts per ch ann el. 
Walnut case, *52$. or best otter. 
342-2587. 
__________ 

I awns, Cut-Trim m ed-Vocuum ed 
Call anytime. 533-9*35. 
M o w in g , e d g in g , s h r u b b e r y , flo w e r b e d s, etc. S a tisfa c t io n guaranteed. Reasonably priced, 
*57 19oo 
__________________ 

Fireplace mantle, very old, *125. 
*96-o979 
Plum bing R e p airs, rem odeling, additions, 
Recs. 
Free 
Est. 
434-4489 

SW S, Cam per shell, paneled and 
Insulated, *84-71*9._______________ 
A I R C O N D I T I O N I N G 
Repaired-check and w ashed out- 
Coll after 2pm 923 *7o7 
How About a New K itch e n ? Or 
Refinish your present one! Free 
Estim ates. 534 884* Anytim e1 
F E N C IN G 
Sweden soft Ice m achine. A s is 
*3oo. 733-8*22_____________________ 
F M 
W I R E L E S S 
T R A N S M I T T E R 
Size 2 '4 'x V x ' i ‘. (V e r y sm all.) 
T h is tra n sm itte r w ill p ack up sounds from 3o’ aw ay and trons nuts up to 3oo'. Tuneable between 
88 and 1o3 on the F M dial. It can be used with any F M radio. Col! 
(3o5)725 o1oo_____________________ 
For Sale, Desk. M agn o vo x stereo. 
F io k a tis. k ilim s, w ood e n a rm choirs, shells. 492-2458___________ 

Sm all Plum bing Jobs • R epairs. 
Reasonable 
Prices, 
Free 
Est. 
337-4582._____________ 
______ 

PO O L T A B L E , 8 ft, fair condition 
55o *84 o392______________________ 
Wanted trundle bed, best quality or double day-bed 824-5173_______ 
F R E E Fe n ce E stim a te s. Both wood and chain link. F A R M E R 'S 
F E N C E CO. *22-9511 or *73-4337 
C A B IN E T M A K E R S 
T E L E P H O N E 
L I S T E N I N G 
D E V I C E 
Record telephone con versations in your office or bom *. Connects betw een a n y ca sse tte o r tope recorder and your telephone line. 
Starts automatically when phone is answered. R ecords both side of phon e c o n v e r s a tio n . 
S to p s recorder when phone is hung up. 
This device is not an answ ering service. 
Size 
V x l'/jx 1*. 
Call 
(3o5)725-o1oo 
TW IN size m attresses, while 2oo last!! *8 each. Dealers welcome. 
*33-2*oo, *33-o34o, 9159 S Presa. 

L A N D S C A P IN G 
P O O L T A B L E , good con dition, 
*3oo. 
684-5ooo for more information__________ ____________ 

Trees, Law ns, Hedges, Trim m ed ond Hauled Reasonable 532-o74? 
W e D o All T yp e s of Y a rd w o rk 
Tree T rim m ing or Lite H auling. 
*33-o4?*, 435 8*96. 
W E D O A L L T Y P E S O F Y a r d ­ work and Lite H auling C all tar 
R e a so n a b le p ric e s. C a ll A n y . time Anywhere! 9?? 8*41 

W A N T E D : W o r k in g o r N o n ­ w o rk in g re frige rators: 435-555o or *73-7*7o 
_____________________ 
C ustom Q uality C abinets. Fre e 
Estim ates. 532-5875 Atter 5_______ 
R 
A Be n k e F a rm and R a n ch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estim ates. 
*9o-955o. 
______________ 

Carved Chest-m atching stand $4o, 
4-colonial m aple ch a irs *4o, Din. table and * ch airs *4o, Antique oak Ice-box *2oo M antle statues 
*12, alum. screen dr. *1o, Jerblls 
*25, G re e n w a re ond c e ra m ics, stereo-8-track (needs w ork) *3o, wall m irror *12, dishes, misc. 7915 
Quirt, *73-8o12 __________________ 

R E M O D E L IN G 
W E H A V E P L E N T Y O F L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
I 875-9o28 or 1-392-53*1. 
Pool table, regulation size B ru n s­ wick; sofa, chair, table set, arm choir. *55-7815_________________ 
W A N T TO B U Y old gasoline ond oil a d v e rtisin g , old sig n s, g a s pumps, globes, etc. *54-4879______ 
A d d itio n s, P a n e lin g , F o r m ic a cabinet work Free Est. 73* oooo 
C A R P E N T R Y 
F I R E A B R Q W O O D 
PO O L T A B L E , std , all accessor ies. 1o26 Spent W ing 342-9889. 
LA W N M O W E R R E P A IR 
Free Estim ates on Rem odeling. 
Repairing and Roofing by Relio hie Company. W ork Guaranteed 
*53 9577. 735 5288 _______________ 

We buv Furniture, Appliances 
Estates Antiques G lassw are etc 
A C a rp e n te r: In N eed of Jo b s from roofing to Foundations. No 
Job Too Sm a lt! F re e E st 
A ll 
W ork Guaranteed 927-5o24______ 

Pool table, 4'x8' V slate, 3 m os old, perfect condition Cost *1ooo. 
Best offer over >4oo 927-5535 

Save stack now for winter beat the high cost from I to IOO cord coll 822-927? ofter (pm. 
________ 
Wood for sole. Have 2 or 3 thou sand acres of good oak a nd Hick o ry wood to sell in the tree at reasonable price D o vs *84-177o, night 1-772-31o3.___________________ 

W E E D 
C U T T IN G . 
L o t s o r acreages. *54-o527 _______________ 
C B Cobro 85 Base ond a Stordus- ter Antenna, D1o4 Mike, 4o’ m ask ana coax 53oo-best otter 337 7144 

P o in tin g on d re m o d e lin g 
Specializing in room additions 2o v e o r s e x p e rie n c e . F re e e s ­ timates 532-3oo2 

E d g e r • sm all gaso lin e engine 
Sharpen oil kinds of tools, Pick up Deliver 423-5986 

For Sale; IB M Typewriter, M o n ­ roe 
E p ic 
2ooo 
C a lc u la to r , 
Computer- Auto Record ing Tope 
V by 24’ Opec Protector, plus other misc. equipment *75-2114 

Pre-W ar M artin Guitar. 
824-131o________ 
A C O M P L E T E H O M E R E P A IR 
S E R V IC E . *84 497? 
Y ard w ork, large or sm all lobs. reasonable prices, 92? 8*41 
Cedar Sid ing ond Fe n cin g 2o6c linear It. and up va rio u s dimen- signs I 42o-278*_____________ 

Profitable Partim e Business, cold d r in k v e n d in g m a c h in e s a re m u c h in d e m a n d o n d c a n be profitab le. We have sev. used 
Seeburg drink vending machines. 
Vending 25c (9oz) drinks. These m achines need repair ond can be bought for very little! lf interest­ ed, p le a se con tact M r. K e lle y 
342-93o4 
For 
Further in fo rm a tio n .____________________ 

All types ca rp e n try w ork A lso roofing, p a in tin g, sa tisfa c tio n guaranteed. No Job Too Sm all 
*54-5573._______ _______________ 

*53-3714 anytime, *55-4*34 eves. 
JO H N & R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
Licensed ond Bonded Buyers 
We buy in ve n to rie s, tools ond e q u ip m e n t or w h o t-h o ve -y o u . 
Po-Co, *459 O ld H w y 9o W est, 
*73-2573 ar 533-9o98.______________ 

S A N D T CO Custom Rem odeling with designer service. 824-7*88; 
826-o794.__________________________ 
Wrecker Service 
LOT C L E A R IN G 
& C L E A N IN G 
F re e z e r, 19 6 cu ft. K e n m o re upright, 2 yrs old Excellent con- dition. 525o *23-1114______________ 

6' Chrom e table with J leafs, good condition. 734-3858________________ 
B u v old C a rs ond W R E C K E R 
S E R V IC E , coll Richard. 337 *57o 
B A T H R O O M re p a ir, p aneling. general carpentry 924-3oS1______ 
F O U N D A T IO N S 
Coffee table, large, *6o. Odd ta hies, chairs. 82* o875_____________ 
R O O F IN G 
Freezer, Kelvinator, 15 cu ft. ex cellent cond. *15o 433-3323 
B u lld o zin g, L a n d c le a rin g and root 
Plowing, 
Any size 
Job- 
333 3 
7 
8 
8 
________________ 
Sm a ll tractor, custom m ow ing, tots, acreage 824-3813. 82* 7*5? 

W E 
B U Y 
J U N K - W R E C K E D 
C A R S 
923 *41t 

•Desk s»C hoi rs« Tables 
•A ppliances*C ouches*tam p s 
•Beds 
1428 Austin Hwy. 828 oo58 
T H E S A. F L E A M A R K E T 

C A R P E N T R Y W O R K . No Job Too 
Small! 
All work guaranteed 
*58-5288.__________________________ 
25" Color console, excellent con dition $14o. 349-o38?______________ 
F ro st free S e a rs sid e by side r e fr ig e ra t o r - fre e z e r, *275. 
822-o947 822-314*__________________ 

C A H R O O F IN G CO. We do the lob right the first time. New roots, root repairs of ail types. Free est. 
*55-1o39____________________ 
C la rk s R o o fin g - R e m o d e lin g 
Free Est. 82* 153? 
Leaky Roofs are o Nuisance! Call us to repair them! Handy Fel-O, 
*459 Old Hw y 9o West, *73-2573 or 
533-9o98 

We Buy Refrigerators 
734-4237, 7o7 West Ave. 
All types of foundation repairs. 
We specialize in leveling, cedar post, peer-beam and slab foundo lion. Colt the experts 824 2171 

Fast, N eat, P ro fe ssio n a l, C a r ­ p e n try , p a in tin g a n d g e n e ra l ho m e Im p r o v e m e n t s . B ig o r 
Small at a reasonable cost. *5 oo 
Estim ate Fee. Refundable upon contractual agreement. Call M ilo 
Gutierrez. 734-5724 
_ _ _ _ _ 

Color T V *7$, black and white portable *37 SO. 733-o7*2__________ 
W E P A Y CASH 
F o r Good Used Furniture 
Range. Prem ier, copper, gas, 3 *", cost *4oo sell *258 924-587*________ 
R e a listic cassette stereo deck, a u to m a tic r e v e rs e a n d O o lb y system *1oo. Coil Coeser 828-5747. 
R E C O N D IT I O N E D 
T V ’S: 
Consoles, Portables, C o lo r ond 
B la c k -W h ite color a s low as, 
*129.95, B W, *29.95. *5o down, as low as *1o a wk. G E O R G E 'S T V and A P P L . 2415 H arry W urzbach, 
828-13o*.__________________________ 

ATTRACT 

WAVES 
OF BOAT 

BUYERS. 

16ft ga ra g e door, clairnet, oboe for beginners, girls 2o" IO speed bike, girls one speed 24" bike. 
342-289S.__________________________ 

U S E D R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO. 
7o7 W E ST A V E ., 734-4237 
C o lo r T V , 2 5 " c o n so le . G o o d w orking condition *15o. 342-7844 
M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 
Doors dragging? 
Walls Cracking? 
All types foundation re p a irs. 3o yr*, experience. All w ork guar- anteed. Coll Anytim e. 534-411o. 

Color TVs, sm all console, *125 or large beautiful 2Sin. console, *15o. 
Both excellent. 923-17*1. 

6 Vulcan heat b u rgla r alarm s, I sm o k e d ectefor, la w n m ow er, d ra p e s , sle e p e r, d in e tte set, chandelier, 2 metal garbage cans, 
2 g a rd e n h ose s, ra k e , sh o ve l. 
*71-7119 or *23-55*8 otter Spm 

41* Doloroso 
Furniture-Appliances-Jewelry 
All A p p licatio n s ap p ro ve d with required down payment. Call Im- periol Furn. 222-2227. 41* Brady 
Color T V Zenith, excellent *135 
A ir cond. *3o. B lack- white 23” console *35. 924-2491______________ 
Roofing ond P ain ting All work guaranteed. Free Bids 333-7o1* 
MILDEW REMOVAL requires 2ooo lbs w ater pressure— 

WE HAVE IT 
Also oil and rust from driveways 

FREE ESTIMATES 
LOCKE INDUSTRIES 
653-4561 

F o r Thqt Good Plano 
That you are not using. Ple ase call M r. Leon at 223-6151. 

Garage Sale Sat and Sun. From 9 to 
6 P M . 
C lo th e s, p o tte ry , houseware, and M isc. 4714 Castle 
Stream, Between Rittim an ond 
Midcrown.________________________ 

Color TV, 18" Zenith. *15o. Couch. 
*35 349 o82o______________________ 
W A N T E D dark room equipment. 
Coll 828-4758_____________________ 
R O O F IN G G ro v e l S h in g le Re place or repair. 
Stop leaks 
333-1oo5 
A-1 Will Steam Clean or sham poo 
Liv-din, room *22.5o, 9x1? loose rugs *1o.5o. 227-198* 225 83o3 
•Foundation Specialist' til Tvpes of Foundation repc 
W A N T E D : Sm a ll H onda cycle, cop perton e re frig e ra to r, d is h ­ washer, stove, lawn mower, bird both, cycle windshield. 828-8**7. 

C o m p le te So lid O a k B e d ro o m 
Suite Beautiful Double Contour 
C h a ir w ith heat a n d v ib ra to r. 
Console Motorola TV, 52 pc. W M. 
Rogers Silverw are, Singer Porta­ ble S e w in g M a c h in e , 2 n ice 
Feather Mattresses. 922-8o*o. 

And it’s easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 
•Reconditioned* 
All Types of Foundation repairs. 
Low prices, H igh Q uality w ork 
Call Anytim e 
A B C C O N ST ________ 
333 481* 

IS yrs. exp on co m p o sitio n or grovel roof, Ram irez, 34? 781o Lie 
G erm an Teakw ood cabinet, $75. 
Germ on comforters, *25. G erm an china, 48 PCS, plus 5 serving pts, 
*45 732 1*24________________ 

U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E 
924-1o58 or 224-824* 
W ard Signature 12 cu ft upright freezer, I yr old used 3 m os *1oo 
Gold and Blonde Fren ch Provin- lcal 4 drawer, chest I yr old ex­ cellent cond-145 3 b ar stools I yr old *65 each w ill sell for *35. 
*74-649o ofter * ond weekends. 

Zenith, RC A,M ognavox 
All Guaranteed 
SE W IN G A L T E R A T IO N S 
-T A IL O R IN G 
For extra cash, sell that mower.., now 
C E R A M IC S & 
C E R A M IC T IL E 
Girls, W estern Suit, White size 14, 
New Braunfels 1-899 7917_______ 
Console color TV, antique stereo, area shag rug ond other items. 
973 o283 

?oYrs. Exp. City wide Service 
____________ *74-oo11 
G O LF C L U B S : 2 Woods, 4 lions ond beg *22.5o, 2 woods, 7 Irons ond bag 39.5o; 4 Woods, 9 Irons and baq 5*5 oo New grip s on ail woods are refinished 333-2115 

D R E S S M A K IN G . M r s san. 333 5195 or 33) o528 hom e 
Wonderland 
T H E IR IS H M A N L E V E L IN G 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note Never Toke the first price! 
133-9o51 or 
734-751 

C urved upholstered booths, one with small table $1oo. 2 at SSO ea 2 sm all tohles *12 each 494-381o. 

D r e s s m a k in g ond a lte ra tio n s done reasonable 533-7537 
732-7193 
W a sh e r-d ry e r, W h irlp o o l, m in ­ imal use. call 341-5728 att 5pm 
Ail types of R e m o d e lin g 
F re e 
Estim ates 533-7929. 

K P R E i M I W 
S I 
I • M IRCH A N D ISE 

A 
A 
C rn J L J L J C 
2 2 9 s I O O O 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMfRCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
(CLASS #928 ONLY) 

JL LINES 
6 DAYS 

$ 2 o . o o A M o n t h 

R e n ts 

A B A L D W IN 

P IA N O 
* t « n t A pplies on Purchase 
SIMS BALDWIN 

6 2 3 l ^ t k is iU - S e lm c i lt d . 
3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 ? 

41 o 1 W EST 3 4 T H 
A M A R IL L O , T E X A S $ o 6 /3 5 2 - 1 5 o 3 

WHATS 
HOMING UP IN 
SAN ANTONIO 
THIS WEEK i 
Bulletin 
Board 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
Special This Weak 
New Spinets 
$ 7 9 5 
Chow * from 
Traditional, italian 
Provincial french 
Provincial, and 
Soonish 
Oak 
DUO-ART 
Player Pi­ anos. 
((noble 
Rosewood squore 
Grand like new 
Spinet style 
Pianos like 
Hew from $495 
NEW Viscount 
E lectronic O rgans 
Shop w ith us and Save lo w O verhe a d 
NAVARRO 

P IA N O C O . 
17o2 N. COLORADO 
734-6463 

Se! lit or Find It In 

T h e E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
^ E 
W 
£ 

TO PUC! YOUR AO CAU Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

 main field house at 12oo2 Jones Malt.sbergcr 
Road. 
North East secondary students in grades six through 12 were the artists. Their selected samples depict advances in art education. Max­ ine Allert, North East art consultant, said. 
Among displays will be work done by Churchill 
High School’s advanced students studying com­ mercial art. 

Citizens for D ecency 

Pornography will be the topic of three speakers at a 7:3o p.m. Thursday meeting of the San 
Antonio Chapter of Citizens for Decency through 
Law. 
Speakers will be Asst. City Atty. Crawford 
Reeder, psychologist Jo Horner and the Rev. 
Edward R. Human, a field evangelist. 
The meeting will be on the second floor of the 
Education Building, MacArthur Park Lutheran 
Church. 29o3 Nacogdoches Road. 
CDL is non-demoninational. The public is invited. 

A HALE TR A IL E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; tor Sale or Rent 
Also feed B arrels with Lids 
SLIM P O IL CO. O ff IM 37 
533-5151 
4o4 
C arolina nites 
344-7215____________ 
A rtis* and w ife seeking w o rk to live on hill country ranch, reliable and exp'd fo rm and ranch w ork. 
342-o385________________________ 
UTSA choral ensem bles 

The University of Texas at San Antonio’s undergraduate choral ensembles will present their annual spring concert at 5:3o p.m. May I in the Christ Lutheran Church. 
The UTSA Concert Choir, University Chorus and Madrigal Singers, directed by UTSA in­ structor of choral music Jim Sheppard, will perform. 
The program will include madrigal, contem­ porary. and light folk music and four new settings of Shakespeare texts written for chorus by Michael Fink, UTSA instructor of musicology. 
The combined groups will perform “Jubilee 
Deo” also written by Fink. The UTSA brass ensemble will accompany the choirs on this work. 

B a b v C a lv e s *3o-55o. G ra s s 
C o ly * *4o-511o. >22-8449 
$ 1 9 9 7 
16'x6’ Semi Stock 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
1 -7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 Lytle 6 2 2 -9 3 o o 

Barbador Sheep and goat for sale 
COH 441-7135__________________ 
F U R N IT U R E : 
B edroom 

 suites. D ining room S uites. 

Living room chairs. 
O d d 

 h e ad b o ard s a n d fo o t­ 

 boards: 
V ario u s sizes. 

Bunkbeds. 
D in e tte suites. 

O d d chests in various 

 sizes a nd styles. O d d d in ­ 

 ing chairs. 
O d d d in e tte 

 chairs. 
M attre s se s a n d 

 boxsprings - sets including 

 several sets o f 
2 o -y e a r 

G o ld e n 
O rth o 
R ed w o o d 

 ta b le a n d benches. 
G u n 

 cabinet. C o c k tail a n d end 

 tables. 
Trundle b ed 

 w ithout b e d d in g . 
C a rp e t 

 sam ples. Lam p parts. Liv­ 

 ing room suite. 

A U T O 
P A R T S : 
V o lks ­ 

 w a g e n bum pers (in w ra p ­ 

 p e r). G rills . B rake bands. 

Fenders. 
H o ods. Trans­ 

 mission in c ra te . B atteries. 

Tire rim s. G a s tanks. A u to 

 o r 
Light truck tires in 

 various sizes. 

AKC Red Doberm an a t Stud 
349-9589 anytim e______ 
AKC P o m e ra n ia n P u p p ie s fo r sole. 828-1745. 
Media MD volleyball 
B ig 9 y r old M u le , rid e s and works. 534-9322, 333 5479. 
ORGANS 
PIANOS 

HAMMOND 
EVERETT 
RODGERS 
HAWAII 

CASIE NELSON 
New From *495 
Used From *195 

425 N. Main 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star 
344-o248 

AKC Poodle Pups, *45 Up 
! ___________ 474 122o 
BLACK W OOLEY M O N KEY tor sale. 433 7241________ i Blk Lab P u ppie s, fu ll blooded. 
Sire AKC Reg. 8 wks. Exc. hunt- mg dogs. 453-o9o8.______________ 
Blue Point Siamese K ittens. 135 
Division. 923-4273. 
BOSTON TE R R IE R PU PPY 
Ch. Sired 
• 
534-4958 
BOSTON T E R R IE R PUPS cosh___________________ 434-4473 
C H A M P IO N S ire d M in ia tu re 
Schnauzer pups Super pedigrees, gorgeous pups. W ill ship. Abilene 
(915) 498-9497___________________ 
Ch. S ire a n d D a m G e rm a n 
S h orthaird P o in te r P uppies. El- m eodorf T-393-67S4______________ 
Ch. Sired W eim araner Puppies 
Elm endorf 
•______ 1-393-4/54 
CO LLIE PU PP IES 6wks 
*5 
____________________494 2774 
4 Cute p u p p ie s , m ix e d b re e d , females *5 ea. 828 8598_______ 
DACHSHUND PU PP IES 
53o____________ • _____________732-75o8 
DO BERM AN PUPS Reg. AKC 
____________ 532-5849____________ 
DO BERM AN PU PP IES 7wks 
STS_________________________1-249-317o 
D oberm an Puppies, outstanding 
AKC registered, black and rust, 
5wks, o ld , fe m a le $5oo, m a le s 
*125, Uvalde, Tx. 278-3142. 

AKC Reg Basset Hounds, Shots, wormed. 432-5587 
C A LLIE BERM UD A GRASS, now taking orders for planting m a te r­ ia l. A v a il. A p p ro x . 15 m a y . 
*51-gunny sack, 51oo-pickup load 
Prank 
Rhew 
1-393-4o22 
Plore»vlHe._____________________ 

AKC 
R eg 
D o b e rm a n 
Red 
Female, a fte r 4:3o. 423-448o. 
A Media Personalities Benefit Volley Ball 
Tournament will be Saturday and May I. at 
Mama’s Restaurant. 
The event is sponsored by Muscular Dystrophy 
Assn. and Mama’s Restaurant, 99o7 San Pedro 
Ave. 
Play will begin at IO a.m. Saturday and continue until 8 p.m. and again on May I from I to 
8 p.m. 
Those wishing to play any of the media teams may form a team and call Tom Reeves, manager of Mama’s Restaurant at 349-2314. 
Proceeds from the event will go to the Mus­ cular Dystrophy Assn. 

Macdona Auction Sale 
A KC reg. G erm an Shepherd pups, 
Ch Bloodlines. 922 9483_________ 
E very Sat. 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep, goafs, horses. 12 m i. S.W. S.A. 
F arm Rd. 2173, Macdona, Tx 
AK C R eg. G e rm a n S h e p h e rd 
Pups, 5 m ale I female. 924-1867. 
C A T T L E , G o a ts , S heep a n d 
Horse* fa r sole. 422-9214. 
____ 
IS mo Charolais Bull 15-14 French 
*25o. Also Ig. B reeding Jackass 
*1oo Reg Q tr Horses. 1-424 2937 
P.M. 

AKC Reg. Golden R e trie ve r Pup- ptes. 454-8727 
C H A R O LA IS B U L L S , C o m m e r­ cial and full French, *4oo-up, Club 
C alves. M a p le S p rin g s R a nch. 
498-2349; 512-589-7791 weekends 
AKC Reg. Lassie type Collie pup­ pies. M ales *1oo 
F e m a le s *8o 
Otter 5:3opm 532-8o45 
____ 
M ust Sell 5 y r Reg. A ppaloosa 
Gelding. S toried in Pleasure and 
R e in in g . Has p la ce d in h a tte r 
58oo 494-2o57; 344-285o.__________ 
•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom w ork, also chisel plow ing and hay b a ilin g . 
1-742-8415. Schumacher Bros. 

AKC Reg Samoved M ale, Exc. 
Bloodlines, good n a tu re d . In te l­ ligent. A ll shots, w o rm ed. M ust 
Sell. 656-1842. 
No. I Fertilized Coastal Berm uda 
Hay *1.75 per bale in Born. Suth­ erland Springs 25 bales m inim um . 
224-o141; 826-4o27.___________ 

AKC SAMOYED PUPS 
Shots, w orm ed 1-358-88o8 
D og obedience trial 

Alamo Dog Obedience Club will hold its Silver 
Anniversary AKC all breed obedience trial from 8 a m. to 5 p.m. Sunday. 
The free show will be held in the Joe Freeman 
Coliseum Exhibit Hall. 

COASTAL- HAY and SORGHUM 
HAY. Good bales, fertilized, in the b a rn a t F lo re s v ille , *1 SO up. 
924-8136. A fter 6:3o and weekends 
227 -8oo3. 

P A IR S , COWS 
A N D G RASS 
CALVES. 448-1931; 448-31oo 

I Q uarter horse m are, *35o. Also I gelding, *25o. Tack for both extra, 
Call 228-oo33 after 5PM. 

COASTAL HAY 
651-6121 
1977 Truck Road-e-o 

The San Antonio Trucking and Allied Indus­ tries will sponsor the 1977 Truck Road-e-o May I at the Joe Freeman Coliseum east parking lot. 
Truck drivers from many companies will compete in several types of competition as the huge trucks maneuver through a narrow course of obstacles. 
Classes of competition range from small city delivery vans to big 
55-foot twin trailer combinations. 
The purpose of the Road-e-o is to promote excellence among 
Texas professional truck drivers. 
The public is invited to attend and admission is free. The competition will start al 9 a m. 
For additional information, contact Jerry K. 
Riley at ABC Truck Rental and Leasing Co., 
222-2341, or Don Edwards at SMT, 661-6781 
Moody Institute I lim 

A Moody Institute of Science film, “Of Books and Sloths,” will be shown at 6 p.m. Sunday at the Salvation Army Citadel, HO McCullough Ave. 
The film portrays sloths in the jungles of Barro 
'Colorado Island in Panama and shows that books about sloths are not always accurate because time brings changes in knowledge. 
It then explores the Bible, written many centuries ago, yet without a single scientific inaccuracy, contradiction, absurdity or blunder. 
There will be no admission. 
Sem inar on careers 

Dr. Homer Bain and Dr. Nelson Meckel will conduct a seminar addressing career concerns at the Ecumenical Center from 7:3o to 9:3o p.m. 
Wednesday. 
The seminar, with a $15 per person fee, will consist of presentations, discussion and practical exercises. It will also be offered May 4 and May 

AKC St. B ernards 
•Coastal Sprigs .7o bu* 
Sutherland Springs t-947-337o; 1-947-3379 
R . A. B enke F a rm and R anch 
Fencing. 
Free 
Estim ates. 
69o-955o. 

Canyon Lake 
AKC Tov poodles. 2 m ales, 9 wks, all shots, roust go 922-1453_______ 
RANCH FENCING BY BE N K E 
674-15o4 
AKC W eim araner Pups, 4 wks. 
349-3o81 Ofter 6 p rn. 
- 
Fire departm ent fete 

The Bexar-Bulverde Volunteer Fire Dept, will hold its annual barbeue dinner and bazaar May I at the Bulverde Community Center. 
The benefit for the community fire company is scheduled for 3 to 9 p.m. 
The Bulverde Community Center is on Ani- maim Road. Signs directing people to the center will be posted Sunday from the intersection of 
C S . 281 and EM 1863. 

Hamm ond Organ model B3 w ith 
Leslie speaker. 494-6631, 494-8963, or 657-1o84 a lte r 5:3o pm.________ 
Reg. Angus b u lls and H e ife rs, 
M ilton Davis, 1-583-3o28 a tt 9pm 
AKC W ire Fox T e rrie r, 2 puppies, cham pion b lo o d lin e t-438-2275 
Bulverde, Tx.______ 
2567 Goliad 
Large Selection of Antique 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
ED G AIDA'S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO. 
28o6 N .Flores___________ 733-1 

Reg. Brahm an Bulls 12 to 24 mos 
H eiters 12 to 18 mos G entle. A ll 
Pets. 633-o847___________________ 

Custom hand made soddies, over 
5o used s a d d le s in s to c k . 
; H u n d re d s of 1st and 2nd lin e 
1 boots. B and W Boot and Tack, 4o5 
S. Guadalupe St, San M arcos, Tx 
; 1-392-4676.______________________ 
12 • F -l 
B ra h m a n H o ls te in 
Springers *385 ea. Coll 1-358-8131. 

C A R P E T 
P A D : 
I larg e 

 lot o f reconstituted fo a m 

 c a rp e t p a d , a p p ro x im a te ly 

2 o rolls. 

AKC W ire-H aire d T e rrie r babv pups; Ch. Bloodline; exc. child's acts, even tem pered F ro m *125. 
Colonies No 696-2237. 
Reg. E x p e rtly tra in e d ro p in g horse. Gelding, very gentle. Good com petition horse. 1-426-2343 or 
1-426-2o18 ofter 5 p.m.___________ 

DOG SHOW - FU N M A T C H at 
B ulverde M iddle School, 8 M ay 
R e g is tra tio n 9 to 12; J u d g in g 
Starts I p.m. For Details Call D e rothy Bonner 1-438-2256_______ 

AKC Yorkie Pups, Stud Service 
735-6851, 734-273o_______ 
L lo y d G re e n M o d e l S h o -B u d 
Pedal Steel G uitar; Sho Bud am ­ p lifie r , E m m o n s S teel G u ita r 
Course Coll 681-o967 o fte r 6pm 

B U IL D IN G A N D P L U M - 

B IN G : 
K itchen cabinets. 

Floor tile a d h es ive . 
I lot 

 o f a p p ro x im a te ly 1 5 bags 

 o f 
M o rta r m ix. 
S e v e ra l 

 rolls o f vinyl w a ll 

 covering. I 2 long counter 

 tops. Toilets. Lavatories. 

R e g is te re d 2 y r o ld , s o r re l 
Q u a rte r horse filly . G entle, a ft 
5prn 1-772-3998._________ _________ 

AK ITA PU PP IES L ea ving m ust sell! 656-1517 
___________ 
FELPS HORSE, STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK T R A ILE R S 
S a le s, S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , and 
T ra ile r Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East 
(S. W W White Rd.) 333-161 1. 

Exceptionally beautiful Old Eng lish Sheepdog Pups. AKC Reg. All shots and worm ed. 653-2115 
Ludw ig D rum Set, excellent con­ dition, *4oo. 696-5577 
A m e rica n F ie ld T ria l Ch. Line m g Setters. 824-7788.___________ 
T R E N C H IN G : IOO It 
1o,ooo ft w a te rlin e * and b u rie d ca b le s. 
337-8oo1. 8 am - IO pm.___________ 
L u d w ig re d a c r y lic d ru m s , 5 piece. High hat cym bals, 2o 2 2 " cymbals. Complete set, *57 5 , best 
O ffe r I 379-3299 1-379-2313 

F o r S o le : 
2 
T ra in e d 
Coon 
H o u n d s --l r e g is te re d fre e in g w alker, fem ale, 6 yrs old, *3oo; I treeing w alker, fem ale, 5 y rs old. 
*25o. 1-847-2415 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, Females, Shots 342 7o3o 
Felps I 6'x 6’ Semi Stock $1997 
HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
422 93oo 
Lytle 
1-772-3634 

V e ry G entle 6 y r old Reg. Ap paloosa M a re w ith 14' W estern saddle, bridle and blanket. *575. 
698-2246. 
_____________ 

• A AKC AFG H ANS* 
CHAMP 
Lines 
65 
Ex-Texas Rangers 

An old-fashioned picnic is scheduled May I on the grounds of the Witte Memorial Museum to honor widows of Texas Rangers. 
The Former Texas Rangers Assn. is sponsoring the picnic beginning at 12 noon. 
A business meeting of the association will begin at 1:3o p.m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Hall at 38o5 Broadway. 
Winners of the Texas Rangers Foundation scholarships will also be honored at the meeting. 
The picnic lunch will feature a chuck wagon and campfire ranger coffee. 

New P ia n o , S to ry a n d C la rk , 
Pecan Finish, *12oo Coll Between 
8 -3 p m 484 8884.______________________ 
A dorable AKC P ekingese pups, ch. bloodline *1oo. 69o-9235 
G REAT DANES 
Champion sired. 1-755-4696 
W ill gentle, break and put a rein on your colts. Also roping Horse for sole 696-2187; 696-2147 att 6 
M IS C E L L A N E O U S : E xtra 

 larg e house jack. 7 '/ i hp 

 electric m otor. 
S m all 

 speakers. V a lv e s 6 o o PSI 

- 2 o o d e g ree s F sm all a n d 

 larg e r fro m 
A nderson. 

G re e n w o o d o f 
H ouston. 

B ale o f c o tto n , counters, 

 d isp la y cases, d isp la y 

 racks, s tandin g signs, 
2 larg e w o o d e n columns a p ­ 

 pro x im a te ly 
2 ft. in 

 d iam e te r. S e v e ra l cartons 

 o f p a p er products, o c ­ 

 tag o n n a tu ra l w ood ta b le 

 tops, clothing a nd m any 

 m ore m iscellaneous item s. 

3o Cross-bred Pairs, *26o to *35o per pair, Call 1-625-4482._________ 
A dorable P a rt Shepherd P uppy male *1o. 341-2637. 
O rgan, H am m ond G randee, ex cellent condition, 344-4433 
3 G row n G erm an Shepherds, I puppy, good disposition, adopta- ble, 435-8561. _____ 
__________ 
FOR SALE 
75% Registered Lim ousine Bull. 2 y e a rs o ld O ut of ESSOR and 
DAND Y. Call 341-7594 a fte r 5:3o 
PM 

Afghans A K C , B lack-W hite m ark ings, females, 732-3249. 
ORGANS and PIANOS R E N TE D option to buy-no tim e lim it 
Dacbert’s Music Plaza 
MOO NOGAL1TOS 
223-6151 
5235 W ALZEM RD. 
454-4441 

H a rle q u in D a ne a n d G e rm o n 
Shepherd M ixed Puppies, fem ales 
*25. 494-2151. 

AKC Afghan Hound fem ale l l mo old, spayed, lovely pet, 734-2471 or 
432-6992. 
AKC AFGH ANS, I mo. *15o and 
Pig-tail 
M onkey, fem a le 
*3oo, 
734-o351. 

For form , ranch. 15 deg. cooler, and we b u ild fa s t. C a ll S tu rd y 
Structures, 494-3318. 
IO -G e n tle (F -l) H o lstein-B rah- m a n Y e a rlin g H e ife rs . 734532o 
Can Del. 
____ 
_____ 

H im a la y a n K itte n s , *75. C a ll 
655-5512 a fte r 5pm.______________ 
Peavy Base, Amp. 15o RMS 2-15 inch. G reat Shape! 734-2914 aft. 
7om.___________________________ 
3 Young N urse Cows fresh w ith babv calves. 734-532o con del. 
Labrador Pups AKC, yellow -blk. 
EXC, quality 492 9394____________ 
H A Y Delivered 
1-685-3341, 1-997-3747 
AKC Beagles 6 wks 56o. 227-1825 otter 3:3o p. r n ._________________ 
Ptoiio, antique Rosewood, rectan­ gular KN ABE in excellent condi­ tion, H ighest bidder. 494-111o o r 
494-7711 Ask tor Bill_____________ 

Young Purebred Santa G ertrudis 
Herd Bulls and Heifers. 344-9259 att 6. 

Llaso Apso - Poodle Puppy. $25. 
341-6738 
5 Horses, from I to 14 yrs., fro m 
*1oo. to *3oo. 3 C u sto m m ade w orking saddles and tack. 
4 2 2 - 3 1 4 4 . __________________ 

AKC black G reat Dane Pups 
494-2151 
L o v in g R eg. C h o c o la te P o in t 
S IA M E S E 
K itte n s . 
653-4886 wkdays, eves 
_________ 
4 y r A ra b ia n G e ld in g , S yn bad, 
Pulque, Blood Lines, Champion at halter, trained, English, Western and S tock. 2 y r A ra b ia n F itly 
F a d iu r, and W itez T w o, blood lines, exce lle n t I co n fo rm a tio n , auction. Gordon 736-8473, Kathy 
694-2o52. 

AKC Borzoi (Russian W olfhound) 
Female, 4 mos. shots, 432-53o9 
Piano, u p rig h t, e xce lle n t co n d i­ tion, 6 mos. custom er guarantee bv technician. *295. Bench includ- ed. 736-49o9._____________________ 

L a rg e R oping sadd le and tack 
*2oo. 435-8541. 
5 mole w hite G erm an Shepherd puppies 7 wks old. 1-557-6874 
AKC BOSTON T E R R IE R Pups, 
Blk, white and B rindle, 2 fem ale, I mate *125. I 336-2329. 
^ L im o u s in B u ll, re a d y fo r se r­ vice, 27 mo. old. Call 658-8578 a fte r 
5PM. 

IO mo. old Fawn G reci Dane *1oo. no paper*. 533-2384. 
RHYTHM BOX 
532-8o38 
AKC Boxer femoles, *125 ea. Call 
661-6664. 
Must Give Aw ay 4 yr old fem ale 1 1 
German Shepherd Vi Border Col­ lie. Requires la rg e fenced yard. 
Loves ch ild re n . Unspayed. C all 
L o rry 225-2511 ext 491.__________ 

A A L U I j p r o g r a m 

People interested in becoming spokespersons for the area-wide waste treatment management program are urged to attend a training session 
Friday. 
The session, sponsored by the Alamo Area 
Council of Governments, will begin at 9 a.in. iii 
Room 532 of the Three Americas Building at the corner of Broadway and East Travis Street. 

S o crifice-m ust sell! Kusfom IV 
Bass A m plifier 53oo. 342-9485. 
9 Y r old Palom ino *4oo 
679-74o2 
•Polled Hereford Bolls® 
AKC Boxer Puppies, Show Quale tv. 694-o223 otter 6 p m __________ 
EVERYTHING SELLS TO THE 

HIGHEST BIDDER 
S ilve rto n e Bass SISO, 735-4369, i l l -6666 ext. 341, ask for Joe 
Nice selection, I to 2 yrs *25o-up. 
651-61 16 
3 yr. old Reg. C harolais bull. *45o. 
344-4222. 
AKC B r itta n ie s 6 w k s 
Shots, wormed. 674-o18o Reasonable. 
Needs lo ving hom e fo r I y r old black Lab. G reat w ith ch ild re n ! 
824-7917 

Unredeemed 
M usical 
Instrum ents 
Am erican Loon Co., 227-8572 

IN S P E C T IO N : 9 A M W e d 

 nesday until sale tim e. 
AKC B rittany Spaniel Pups 
653-827o 
Buddy 
Tem ple opposes 
Clayton 

' AKC Cocker Spaniel Pup, male, 
Blk Tan $75. I 426-4896 Hondo. 
Old Eng Sheepdog pups, AKC ch. bloodline $2oo up 826-5759________ 
Yamaha Tenor Sax- case $2oo 
__________ 822-7798___________ 
B R IN G 
TRU CKS 
A N D 

P IC K U P S 
A S 
ALL 

M E R C H A N D IS E 
M U S T 
BE 

R E M O V E D 
F R O M 
THE 

W A R E H O U S E 
BY 
5 
P M 

O N 
THE 
D A Y 
O F 
THE 

A U C T IO N 
- 
N O 
EX­ 

C E P T IO N S . 

AKC C o cke r S p a n ie l p u p p ie s , b e a u tifu l, fe m a le s *15o, m ales 
*125 Champaign silver, 633-2729. 

P arrots, N onday C onure* I p a ir 
*125. 924-4137.________ 
ESTATE AUCTION 

Sunday, A p ril 2 4 , I P .M . 
1 1 o 6 C layto n (Tw in T o w ers) 
(o ft 2 9oE an d C a m e ro n R d.) 
AU STIN , TEXAS 

The C ollection o f 
C A LV IN H. (C al) CREASY 
BEING SOLO DUE TO 
RECENT ILLNESS 

N O RESERVES— 
E veryth in g Sells 

A m erican a n d E uropean a n ­ tiq u es g a th e re d w o rld w id e th e past tw o decad es in ­ clude 
4 o b e a u tifu l clocks 
(a ll in p e rfe c t w o rk in g o rd e r), o b jects a t a rt, je w e lry , fu rn itu re , p o rc e ­ lain , silv e r, b ro m e s , p a in ­ tings, en g ra v in g s , p la te s , steins, secre ta rie s , oil lam ps, dolls, p rim itiv e s , s e v e ra l o rie n ta l rugs, a n d m an y o th e r co llectibles. 

W o rd s c a n 't d escrib e. " S e e ­ ing is b e lie v in g )’' 

M a k e plans n o w to a tte n d . 

4 8 P age c a ta lo g co ntaining o v e r 
2SO p ictu res and descriptions a v a ila b le a t d o o r or by m a il fro m au c­ tio n e e r. $ 2 .o o 

Directions: 
1-35 to 2 9 o E. 
East 3 blocks. C o p p e r-c o lo r 
Tw in 
T ow ers a re b eh in d 
Best Products. 

Inspection: S at., A p r. 2 3 , 2 to 6 p .m . Sun. l l a .m . 

TERMS: P a y m e n t sam e d a y . 
TO M K E IL M A N -A u c tio n e e r 
1 5 6 3 o O ld H w y . 81 
R ound R ock, T ex a s 7 8 7 6 4 
( 5 1 2 ) 2 5 1 - 4 2 3 6 / 4 1 3 4 
T xG C -77-O O O ! 

Pedigree IO wk old G erm on She phe rd Pups, A K C , p a p e rs, reo sortable 333-5o42 
As is G reenhouse, te rm s . F re e delivery. 924-5oo3._______________ 
AKC C o cke rs, 2 B u ff m a le s, I silver butt fem ale, $125. cash. Call 
674-39o6. 
Pekingese A K C , males 4 mos, 2 yrs. M oving M ust Sell. 633-2247. 
AKC C ollie P uppies, Sable and 
W hite, Reg. I m ale 
5 m os. a ll shots. 734-5374, 8 to 5 weekdays ask for Nita. 
Auto dealers convention 

U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger and a Detroit executive will be the feature speakers during the 6oth 
Annual Texas Automobile Dealers Assn. Conven­ tion at the Convention Center. 
Krueger will talk at 2 p.m. Sunday at the 
Convention Center’s ballroom. 
At IO a.m. Monday, Ben Bidwell, vice president of Ford Motor Co., will address the convention. 
Bidwell is head of Ford’s North American 
Operations, including the Ford and Lineoln-Mer- eurv Divisions of the U.S. and Canada. 
Bidwell will talk on the effects of the proposed energy policy on automobile manufacturers and dealers. 
The convention, which runs through Wednes­ day, is expected to draw some 1.9oo franchised new-car dealers. 

Persian Kittens, C hinchilla Silver, 
Purebred Reg ACFA 494 3893 
W orkshop on day care 

A free Day Care Management Workshop will be presented Saturday at the East Side Multi-Ser­ vice Center, 28o5 E. Commerce St. 
The workshop is being jointly presented by the 
Texas Department of Public Welfare’s Child 
Development Program and the division of Con­ tinuing Education at the University of Texas at 
San Antonio. 
The seminar will be conducted by Malcolm S. 
Host, executive director of Neighborhood Centers and Day Care Assn. of Houston. 
The seminar session will last from 9:3o a.m. to 
3:3o p.m. and registration is required. 
Registration may be made b> calling the 
Department of Public Welfare at 533-3163 ex. 126. 

St. Paul Square Project 

The St. Paul Square Advisory Board will have a public presentation of the St. Paul Square Project to at 7:3o p.m. Thursday at Carver Cultural 
Center, 226 N. Hackberry St. 
The City of San Antonio through the San 
Antonio Development Agency has set out to revitalize and restore economic life to St. Paul 
Square. 
The project is on East Commerce Street between IH37 and the Southern Pacific Railroad tracks and North Center and Heiman Streets. 
W orld ecology talk 

World Ecology will be the subject of a talk at 
7:3o p.m. Thursday at the Banda Library Center, 
233 Bushnell Ave. 
Speaker will be Dr. Niles Norton of Our Lady of the Lake University. He will focus on Japan, the 
U.S.S.R. and the United States, with emphasis on water resources and water and noise pollution. 
Admission is free. 
Oakwell Branch Library 

“ Ways to Change the Behavior of Spouses. 
Children and Other Family Pets, or Who Should do What, with What, to Whom?” 
That’s the tongue in cheek title of a talk to be given at 7:3o p.m. Thursday al the Oakwell 
Branch Library, 4134 Harry Wurzbach Hwy. 
Admission is free. 
Marjorie Kaissier and Dr. Ed Gooze from Our 
Lady of the Lake University^ Jersig School of 
Communication Disorders will give a light­ hearted presentation on nontechnical psy­ chological approaches for effective behavioral management of children or pets. 
Spring M oody lecture 

Sister Isabel Ball. Moody Professor of, 
Chemistry at Our Lady of the Lake University and Incarnate Word College, will deliver the spring Moody lecture at 7:3o p.m. Monday. 
The lecture will be in the Providence Blue 
Room on the OLLU campus. 
Sister Isabel is a professor of chemistry and chairman of the Division of Natural Sciences and 
Mathematics at Our Lady of the Lake. 
D efensive driving studies 

National Safety Council Defensive Driving 
Courses will be held at two locations this week. 
The course will be offered at Windcrest Crea­ tive Center, 56o5 Windsong Drive, Monday through Wednesday from 6:3o to 9:3o p.m. 
It will also be offered at Bulverde Middle 
School Tuesday through Thursday from 7 to IO p.m. 
For additional information and preregistration, contact Van T. Smith at 344-3954 or Pat Wiley in 
Bulverde at 438-2235. 
Ari, craft show 

More than 3,6oo pieces of student art and craft work will be on display from 6:3o to IO p.m. 
Thursday and Friday in Blossom Athletic Center. 
Demonstrations of students exhibiting their talents will be part of the two-night spring show. 
“The Nature of Things” is the theme for this year’s annual Young Artists Night Gallery in the 

AKC Collie, Sable-W hite m ale. To good home 1-438-7281.____________ 
3 1 5 Rivas St. 
A .M . M c N a e l (D eceased) 
Asphalt and Raving Ce. 
Sole will mlvde TO-9 linum: trend 
(mwlet louder. Sunderer, with I , rd bucket boder, compte!?!* otrerkouled and m eicelleol condition 
2 crone! dragline with oil attachment; extra boom swivel boll ond burkei!, both with 3o ft booms, I in excellent work­ ing condition!. 3 ton tractor, with winch ond 25 Ion trailei, plus dump 
Huck, roller!, asphalt Dover: and IOO other reloted hand tools, welders, etc. 
- Coli 342-4822 for more information. 
I retyping will sell to highest bidder without reservations. 
JO H N JONESfAuctiorseer tx-Gc-77-oo29, J. Kahn 8 Assoc. 
5o96 Blanco 

AKC CO LLIES 
Ch. Sired Sables, T ri *. 623-4511 
AUSTIN 
(A P ) 
— Rep. Buddy Temple claimed Saturday that he might be able to take 
Speaker Bill Clayton’s job away from him in a 
“ headsup” race right now 
— if 
House members could vote secretly. 
“ lf people voted today, with no pos­ sib ility of political repercussions because of the way they voted, I think 6o to 65 clearly would prefer me over 
Bill Clayton,” Temple said. 
Temple would need a m ajority of the 
15o-member 
House, however, to guarantee his election. 
He was interviewed about his plans to run for speaker in 1979 on the weekly radio-televi­ sion show, Capital Eye. 
Re-elected 
Clayton defeated Rep. 
Carl Parker. 112-33. in the 
1975 speaker’s race and was reelected this year. 
He has announced for a third term in 1979, and published reports have said he also plans to run in 1981 to keep himself in position to run for governor or lieutenant governor the next year. 
No one has ever been speaker for three con­ secutive terms, much less four. 
Tem ple said he is 
“ looking to 1979 — I’m very serious about it.” 
He was asked how he thought he could beat an incumbent who al­ ready claims IOO votes in 1979. Temple replied that he thinks “some of his (Clayton’s) votes are very soft votes.” He noted, too, that the 1979 
House may have as many as 
HO new members. 

Acquainted 

He said he plans ti 
“ get acquainted” with candidates in the open races before the 1979 
Legislature convenes. f 
Temple said his per­ sonal wealth is an 
“ equalizing factor that allows me to maintain some degree of in­ dependence,’’ but he doesn’t have a financial advantage over Clay­ ton. 
He said Clayton has raised more than 

$ 2 o o ,o o o i i i the last cou­ ple of years for political races — an amount 
Temple described as 
“obscene." 
Clayton has “ over 
$1oo,ooo sitting in the bank right now,” Tem- jtle said. 

P re-S um m er G ro o m in g S p ecial 
*2. off reg. p ric e $ . A ll B reed s. 
344-842o ; 
655-8813; 
828-3827 a n y t im e 

AKC D o b e rm a n pun, 4 '2 m os. 
E a rs cropped, fe m a le , re d and tan 679-7687. 
Reg. D o berm an fem a le, IO mo. old, for m ore in form ation, Coil 
656-o593. 

AKC E ng. S p rin g e r P u p s , a l! shots, exc qualify. 494-156o.______ 
AKC female, Saint B e rna rd, good fam ily dog, 675-252o______ 
R egistered Chocolate M ale Poo- die. Full grown *25 657-2175 ____ 
AKC German Shepherd Puppies, wormed, shots, *75. 695-9259.____ 
R E G 
S IA M E S E B L U E P O IN T 
KITTENS. 342-o113 o ffe r 5 p.m. 
AKC G erm an Shepherd m ale, 8 mos ch. bloodlines 655-8252 
J.C. HARPER 
AUCTIONEERS 
512-926-218o 
Austin, TxGS-77-o138 

STAFFORDSHIRE TE R R IE R S 
122-7666 
824-8324 
AK C G e rm a n S h e p h e rd m a le puppy. Heavy boned, b lack-tan, 
$125 684-9o47 
TATTOO C LIN IC - DOGS 
Sun. Apr. 24, I p rn. Joske’s No. 
S ta r Co y . P a rk in g *3. B rin g papers for AKC No. or SSN. For 
Info 494-6o1o. 

AKC Iris h S e tte rs , 3 m os *75, vaccinated 622-385o; 622-3794. iAC m o d e l 
45 m o to rg r a d e r, 
IB E D E L b u ilt b o rin g m a ch in e , 
I Verm eer T-6oo ditcher, 1966 White 
14 yd. tandem dump. Ferguson 3 ton com pactor Call Canyon Lake, 
512-899-2698 after 6pm.___________ 

AKC Irish T e rrie rs , Good Pets, 
IQwks. Shots, m ust sell 1-755-81o3 
Tiny Y o rksh ire Pups, *2oo 6 y r old dog 673-2515_______________ 
T R A IN E D B IR D O OG S. S lu d 
Service. Board *1 Day, 1-772-354o 

W A N T A N A K C DOG? 
S.A. Dog B reeders R e fe rra l Ser­ vice w ill put you in touch w ith a n e a rb y re p u ta b le b r e e d e r 
494-7787, 673-46o3.________________ 

League, 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pels shown 7 days (9-11:3o a.m., 
1-4 p .m .) N eed lo v in g hom es. 
T e rrie r C h ih u a h u a , S h e p h e rd , 
Puppies, Kittens, M any others, all 
S hots. 655-1481___________________ 

Black Mole Poodle, housetrained, good with children. 7 mos *35. 
342-8175 

'64 Case L a o a d e r. 6 D ie s e l, 4 
Wheel D riv e , P o w er T ra n s m is ­ sion Cab, I Vj yd Bucket E xtra 
Good M achine *995o. 1-327-o895 
A utom otive engineers 

The South Texas Section of the Society of 
Automotive Engineers will meet Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the Dobbs House at International Airport. 
Det. Kenneth VV. Mosmeyer of the San Antonio 
Police Department’s Crime Prevention Unit will be the guest speaker. 
He will talk about residential and business security and suggest ways to maintain security. 
Tickets are $5 for members and guests and 
$2.5o for students. Dinner begins at 7 p.m. The program is set for 8 p.m. 
For reservations or information call Polly at 
684-231o, Ext. 191 by noon Tuesday. 

FORECLOSURE SALES! 
I st Sale: 
GOMEZ GROCERY 
3oo1 GUADALUPE 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
APRIL 28 - THURSDAY 
1o:oo A.M. 

Hobart Band Saw, Model 5514; 
Hobart Grinder, Model 4822; 8x1o 
Walk-In,- Perlitic Beer Box, 4 door; 
Scales; 
Gondolas; 
Slicer; 
Meat 
Loses,- 
Produce 
Cases; 
Cosh 
Register; Gloss Displays; Eskimo 
Cooler, 4 door; Small Inventory. 

INSPECT: 8:oo a.m. to Sole Time 

April 28, Thursday 
2nd Sale: 
BULL BROS. SALOON 
& CASINO 
HELOTES INN 
TEXAS DRIVING SCHOOL 
C & C QUIK PRINTING 
IMAGES TARGET 
BEAUTY SUPPLY to be sold at 
Charlie’s .Truck Ports 

LOOP 4 )o A S . ZARZAMORA 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
APRIL 29 - FRIDAY 
1:oo P.M. 

2 Polaroid land ID Systems, ID2, • 
Cameras & Timer; Perlick 8 Keg 
Refrig.; Cash Registers; Air Con­ ditioners; Tables, 
Choirs; 
Ven- thood; Ranges; Freezers; Refrias.,- 
Steom 
Toole, 
Adding 
Machs.; 
Elect. Typewriter; Student Desks 
& Choirs; Woter Fountain; Files; 
Itek Camera; A.B. Dick Offset 
' Press; Paper Cutter. 

VEHICLES, MOBILE HOMES & TRAC­ 
TOR 1971 Dodge Oort; 197o IHC 
TrovelAII, 
Model 
1oooD, 
1965 
Checker Aerobus, 12 passenger; 
197o Alexandria Mobile Home, * 
12x5o', 2 bdrm.; 1968 NuWoy 
M obile Classroom w /b a fh , 12'x- 
35*; 1968 IHC Tractor. 

INSPECT; FRIDAY, 1o:oo to Sale 
Time 
TxGS-77-o275 

F o r B r o c h u r e C o n t a c t: 

CASE 1969 58o tra c to r, lo ader, backhoe, good o p e ra tn g c o n d i­ tion- *65oo 
CASE 1972 S8oB tra c to r, looder, backhoe, d ire c t d riv e tra n s m is ­ sion, excellent condition *11,25o 
'CASE 1972 S8oB tra c to r, loader, 
: backhoe, pow er shuttle, torq ue converter, excellent condition, 
511,5oo 
C all Thom as M cC abe 923-4353, 
G irard M achinery & Supply 3428 
Roosevelt Ave, San Antonio 

W IRE FOX T E R R IE R M ale Pup pies. 695-8915.__________ ______ 
6 Wk old G erm an Shepherd Pup­ pies, fullblooded *45 ea. 1-663-5249 
Devine._________________________ 
6 wk old G erm an Shepherd Pup­ pies fo r sale. 341-1828. 
Yellows-Blks-Choc's. 826-3393. 

ESTATE AUCTION 
Construction Company Liquidation 

Saturday - APRIL 3o - 1:3o P.M. 
The Istote of A........................ 

I Form al! H, w ith 2 bottom drag plow *1 IOO. I - M inneapolis M oline w ith 6 ft shredder ond 2 bottom 
M oboard plow *15oo. 
•GARDEN TRACTORS® 
I- In te rn a tio n a l M odel 4o4, 3 pf hookup w ith 5 ft s h re d d e r and c u ltiv a to r $18oo. I - F o rm a n 
M o d e l B w ith new tir e s , 5 ft shredder *14oo. I- A llis Chalm ers 
M o d e l B, w id e fro n te n d , w ith pow er ta ke oft C ord wood saw mounted *85o. I - Allis Chalm ers 
M odel A W ide fro n te n d p o w e r take and new tires. *95o. 
S. W. H O L D E N 
Machinery & Eq. Co. 
6 9 5 -9 2 1 8 
6 95 -3 2 o 5 
F O R D 
T R A C T O R 
8oo, 
G as 
P ow ered, sh re d d e r, b a ckb la d e , good cond. Also 9N w ith Shredder. 
494-6992. 

A L L SIZES 
A L L TYPES 
Braubach Equipm ent, 736 1659 
For Sale; F o rk lift. C lark Used 
1967 6ooo1b solid rubber tires, new paint, 13o'’ lift, Ipg $6ooo 226 8271. 
The Estate of A M. McNeel (deceased) Asphalt Paving 
315 RIVAS, San Antonio 
W IT H O U T L IM IT O R R E S E R V E 
All Equipment is in working condition and w ill be 
Demonstrated on the day of the sales! 
• TD-9 Int Crawler loader, bulldozer, rebuilt and in excellent working con dition. Engine completely overhauled with SO hrs. Drott loader with 15o hrs. I *4 yd. straight bucket loader 
• 2 Dragline cranes, unit model 514. Straight 8 Industrial V? yd. capacity with shovel ond 3o ft, boom. Attachments include I Hendrix perforated dragburket Vt yd, dam bucket, wrecking ball swivel, 2 pulley blocks. 
Osgood Invader trane, V- yd capacity, 3o ft. boom with 6 ft. extension. 
• 1958 Int 3 ton tractor with power winch, 25 ton trailer in excellent con­ dition 
• 1963 2 ton Ford Dump Truck 
• 1951 2 ton ford Dump Truck 
• 1951 2 ton dump truck with 2oo gallon water took 
• Steam Jenny 
• lee Boy Asphalt paver, pulltype with 9 ft width 
• Jaeger air compressor at I25CFM on 2 wheel trailer with Continental engine 
• 12 ton SI 3 powered 3-wheel Buffalo Springfield roller 
• 8 ton V 8 powered tandem Buffalo Springfield roller 
• Bartmore trailer roller 
• 3oo gallon od distributor, pull type with Int 5 hp engine. 
* All licensed Vehicles have 1977 Plates * 
PIUS; 3 vises, 2 bench grinders, carpenter s tool kits, nuts and bolts, washers. 
Pipe threaders, grease guns, skill saw, 2 large shop air compressors, electric drill, parts tub, I OO amp battery charger, jumper cobles, pipe wrenches up to 
48 inches Tap and die sets, pipe cutters, 5 air jack hammers, comealongs, bearing puller, proto sockets, I in. used tires ana wheels, drop cords, wacker tamper, acetylene torch with corf, Vt chain hoiest with assorted chains, gas powered woter pump Pnuematic saw, 24 in. with extro blades. C-domps 
Boomers, air hoses and regulators, point guns, 4 truck jacks power tools and assorted handloom Cement finishing tools including 39 concrete forms 
Sledge hammers, picks, shovels, rakes, several wheel borrows, woter coolers, ladders, block and tackles, Hensley ripper, hand press, conveyer, steam |enny cleaner, stell cabole, disamantled building 21x1)5 Reinforcing steel and wire 
Scrap pipe and metal, Vt in. Skill portable drill. IO picks, 6 barrel pumps Oil and grease pumps. ALSO All office equipment including files, oak chairs, desks and much much more. 
TERMS: Cosh, Cashier s chock, letter of credit. Payment Some Day 
INSPECTION: 9 A M , Saturday until Sale Time. 

H ough F ro n te n d L o a d e r, good condition, ss,OOO 492-1797 
Memorial baud, choir 

Choir and band members at Memorial High 
School will present the musical comedy “Cheaper by the Dozen” 
Friday at the high school auditorium. 
Tickets are $1 for adults and 5o cents for students. 
Proceeds will go toward the purchase of a sound system for the auditorium. 

I 8hp Engine E lectric Start Call 
681-3169 
___________ in dustrial fo rk lift tru ck, is,OOO lb capacity. New m otor. E xce lle nt condition 
658-9o6o or 1-3/9-8333 nights__________________________ 
Portable 2oo am p,Lincoln W elder w ith tra ile r E xcellent condition 
658-9o6o or 1-379-8333 nights 
Trade- In Your Lathe 
On New ATLAS O r CLAUSIUG 
THE M AC H IN ER Y EXCHANGE 
2211 S. 
Olive, 
532-4422 
W E L D E R . L in c o ln 2oo a m p 
E lectric iia r t *95o. 923-1815. 
1972 F-1oo sp o rt C ustom ton p ic k up *75o. 14’ stock tra ile r , 
*3oo. Both *2ooo. 1-538-2315. 
Annual friendship fest 

The annual Friendship Festival in benefit of the Little Flower Church, w ill be held beginning at ll a.m. Sunday. 
A ham dinner with all the trimmings will be served at noon. Donation is $2 per plate. Also served will be tacos, chalupas, hamburgers, sausages, shish kebabs, corn on the cob, water­ melon, refreshments, snow cones and home­ made cakes. 
Booths featured include trash and treasure, potted plants and the Jewelry Fair. Many games will also be available for all ages. 
Live entertainment will begin at 2 p.m. with music and dances. A free dance w ill be held in*the evening. 

'7o IH 815 Combine, new engine, 
2o ft, header, 4 ro w p ic k e r, h y ­ drostatic oil in excellent condition 
1-538-2446, 1-538-2466 
________ 
International diesel fa rm tra cto r, w ith fro n t end loader and equtp- ment. *4,85o. 735-45o3, i-538-2o19. 
J o h n D e e re 2o1o D ie s e l, e x c . cond. 45 hp., 5’ Caldwell shredder, 
3 p l hook up. 2 bottom M oboard 
Plow. 1-583-2862 
4o1o : 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
Diesel, 534-6711 
COMPLETE 
CLOTHING STORE! 

8E N -M A R CASUALS 
(Men s & Women's Clothing) 

8 2 5 BANDERA ROAD 

SAN A N T O N IO , TEXAS 

APRIL 2 8 - THURSDAY 
2:oo p.m. 
Women s Clothing: 
Suits - Skirts - Blouses - 
Blazers - Bikinis - Slacks - 
Shoe Coats * Dresses - 
Shawls - Hats - Purses • 
Men s Clothing: 

Slacks - 
Sport 
Shirts - 
Tank Tops • Sport Coats • 
Shrts - Jackets - Turf)©. necks * Shoes 
Belts - 
Ties - 

FIXTURES: 
6 o ' 
W all 
Rack A free 
Standing Clothing Racks - 
Customer Service Court ter 
Typewriter - Not- tonal Cash Register - la d ­ ders 
Mannequins - Sofa 
T .G S -7 7 2 o 7 5 in 
SPECT: 
Noon to 
Sale 

1965 Moline T ractor. 65 HP, good condition. 1-78o 3584 
I New Holland Baler. Priced to sell 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533-5145, 739 Sieves 
O W A TO N A W IN D R O W E R . self p ro p e lle d , diesel pow ered, H y ­ drostatic drive, a ir cond, cab 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533-S145, 739 sieves 
R e s e rv o ir ir r ig a tio n syste m , I pump 5x6, cat diesel m otor, 3,ooo ft. of 6" alum inum pipe. 1-672-351o. 
ROCK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con tro l lift. 23o1 Nogalitos, 534-6711 
S o rgh um Sudan seed SIA cw t 
B la c k e ye s *45. P u rp le H u ll crow ders *65 cwt. Share cropper co rn , ye llo w and w h ite , y e llo w den! *11.5o. 5o1b sack m ixed sweet 
Sudan *25 cw t. G a lla w a y B ros, 
Somerset. Tx. Call 622-3862 or 
429-32o4.________________________ 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , F a rm , 
R anch E o u ip . H a y and H o rse 
Barns. Pipe Pens. 337-6931 days or nile*. 
_____ 

Benedictus Toastm asters 

David Elder, assistant professor of audiovisual services at San Antonio College, will lead the 
Benedictus Toastmasters Club’s annual speech* craft course for non-members. 
Elder has been a member of Toastmasters for six years, holding various city, county and state positions in both Indiana and Texas. 
The course will meet at 6:3o p.m. Mondays for eight weeks at Wyatt’s Cafeteria, I ll 41U and 
Babcock Hoad, .starting Monday. 
Course fee is $1o which* includes cost of class materials. 

JOHN JONES 
WB'iBKax 
Auctioneer-TxGC-77-oo29 

1 KAHN & ASSoC' ,nc* 512— 324-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd. 
5on Antonio, Texas 78216 
Planning an Auction?? Consider our Reputation!! 

"K E Y TO G REA TER SA LES " 
W llM rti l i i iM t f t M d if c K iif lK li 
G rover Howell Co, Auctioneers -------------------------------------------------------- 
Houston, Tx. 
T vftr.7 7 .m $41 
..... ................... ......................... 

Allen Howell (512) 656-113o 
■ 942 - Farm EquipmRfTt-SuDiiiies 

938 ■ POULTRY RA8BITS-BE£S 
? ! amc? orstsalet o7o tw s J S o S 
3oU 
- A 1 u n u m m u n u hp S5Joo 
Jo ,.p $35oo DODGEN 
B o b * B u n n ie s , N ew Z e o lc n d , EQ CO., 8223 S. Preso, 532-4151. 
Whites,>3. eg. 655-1865__________ 
FA R M A LL H TRACTOR 
BABY TU R KE YS CHICKENS 
497-3625 
648-993o 
1 .......................... 
' 
1 
_ 
_ 
------------•S X I™ ---------------------- FENCING , Barbed w ire. P rivacy 
C H IC K E N A P O U L T R Y S W A P , cedar. 
Any type 
534-5344, 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN . L a y in g 
337.4334.________ _______________ 
Hens *1.5o ea.626-2174. 
FORD, 7,ooo (a rm tra c to r, D IE - 
SEL, 34HP. Like new. 34o Hours. 
..re . 
, ,___ __________«MMo.________________ 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steve;_______________533-5145 
TO W N ER M o b o a rd H y d ra u lic 
Rollover 3 bottom plow. 3 p l hoo­ kup $375,695-9218 
7 W HEEL STOCK TR A ILE R *385. 
Cull 655-oo87 

W EDNESDAY, APRIL 27. 
1 o :3 o AM 
9 6 2 5 B R O A D W A Y 
SCOBEY'5 MOVING AND 
STORAGE 
A N N U A L U N C L A IM E D 
STO RAG E CALC: 

W hich w ill include 
H u n ­ d re d ! of Lots ot H ousehold ond r e la te d ite m s , including sale b o x e s a n d contents to be sold to th e hig h est b id d e r w .th o u t res e rv e s . Inspection is 9 am to so le. Term s, p a y ­ m en t D a y o f Sate: 
Jchn Jones, 

A u c tio n e e r 

T x G c -7 7 -O o 2 9 
J. Kahn & Assoc, inc. 

5 o 9 6 
Blanco 

Socialist Vt orkcrs Party 

University of Texas at San Antonio Professor 
Emilio Zamora will he a guest speaker on “ The 
Chicano Worker in History” at 8 p.m. Friday at the Ponca Auditorium, 142o W. Commerce St. 
Zamora’s talk will be part of a Socialist 
Educational Conference sponsored by the 
Socialist Workers Party. For more information. call 432-7625. 

 for Brochure Contact 
^ 
Great cAm etfcan b a rg a in 
<WANT ADS! 
8N and 9N w ith new and used im plem e nts. F in a n c in g a v a ila b le 
37o8 S Flores. 

I N THC E X P R E S S N E W S 
C A U 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

43 ft double deck A m erican - 4o ft 
Single deck N abors, stra ig h t a ir, 
6o% R u b b e r. B a rg a in . *2ooo. 
695 89o5, 695-32o5. 
„ 
. 

CHRISTOPHER M ARTINEZ, cen ter, shovels d irt into buckets held by Beatrice 
G alleg o of COPS and his gran d m o th er, M rs. Victoriano M a rtin e z, w hile M a y o r 
Lila Cockrell and others look on 
STAFF PHOTOS BY PAT HAMILTON 
Ground broken for new park 

By MICHAEL 
QUINTANILLA 

Ground-breaking cer­ emonies for Guadalupe 
Martinez Park m arked the fulfillm ent of a three-year wish for West 
Side residents Saturday. 
The park is named in honor of a local resident, 
P atro lm an G uadalupe 
Martinez who was killed in the line of duty on 
Sept. 4, 1971). at the age of 
23. 
At the time of Martin­ ez's death, he had less than one year's service with the San Antonio 
Police D ep artm en t, a wife and a nine-month- 

 old son. Christopher. 
The park is scheduled for completion in six months. 
At S a tu rd a y ’s c e r­ em onies, attended by about 2oo local residents and friends of the M ar­ tinez fam ily, 
C h ris­ topher, now 7 years old, shoveled the first piece of ground into his g ra n d ­ mother's bucket. 

Good care 
“ I’m looking forward to the park'and the bas­ ketball court — and if th e re ’s any trash , I ’m gonna pick it up — and 
I’m gonna tell everybody to take care of the 

 trees,” Christopher said, after the ceremonies. 
His grandmother, Mrs. 
Victoriano Martinez, the mother of the deceased patrolm an, in an em o­ tional m om ent, said, 
“ This park took a lot of hard, dedicated work — not only from the com ­ m unity, but also from many dedicated city employes.” 
“ I want to thank ever­ yone of you here today. 
Thank you for coming. 
This will be a beautiful park and it is a g reat honor for the Martinez family.” 
“ My husband would have also thanked you if 
Cisneros urges energy plans 

Councilman Henry Cis­ neros outlined five points 
Saturday that would in­ terlock with President 
Carter’s national energy program. 

The five are: 
City governm ent should undertake revi­ sion of building s ta n ­ dards and housing codes. 
City governm ent 
Conservative urges radical 
U.S. reform 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 

There should be separation of government and economics in the United States just as there is between church and state, a conservative ex-con­ gressman said Saturday. 
Former U.S. Rep. Ron Paul, a physician in Lake 
Jackson, said, “There needs to be a drastic t ange to reverse the history of our nation’s economy. 
“ The government should be restricted by the 
Constitution to stop tampering with the national economy.” 
Dr. Paul was the featured speaker at the Conser­ vative Caucus, Inc., 21st Congressional District membership drive at the Airport TraveLodge. 
He serves as secretary of the treasury in the caucus’ Citizens’ Cabinet, which advocates limited government activity. 
Failure 

Dr. Paul told the group of about IOO caucus members the planned society scheme offered by liberals in government lias failed. 

“ What we need is not more socialism, but more freedom,” he said. 

“ But we are headed for less freedom and a lower standard of living in the ‘8os if we continue on the path our government is leading us." 

He told the group their job as conservativ es is to be ready with alternatives leading toward limited government and decreased federal spending. 

"We should work for decontrol of all government price controls, an end to all government regulatory offices and termination of forced economic stimula­ tion by the government,” he said. 

“ We stand for less government, less regulation and less taxation, if not for an end to taxation altogether.” 
Dr. Paul was defeated for C ongress last 
November by U.S. Rep. Bob Gammage of Houston. 
Pilot survives plane crash 

 should use residential rehabilitation funds for assisting home ow ners in w eatherproofing and strictly enforce code revisions to assure weatherproofing. 
The city should press 
City Public Service to phase out promotional rates which subsidize high volume users. 
Consumers 
The city needs to pro­ tect the interests of con­ sumers by fighting such practices as redetermin­ ation clauses in local gas contracts. 
The city should vigor­ ously encourage use of solar units in new con­ struction, p a rticularly for w ater heaters and space heaters. Tax in ­ centives and other in ­ ducements should be considered. 
“ San A ntonio’s city government has a part to play in developing a na­ tional energy policy,” said the councilman. 
Cisnersos also urged the present council en­ ergy pricing committee, which he chairs, be * continued. 

 he were with us today.” 
Mrs. Martinez’s husband died last week. 
“ He was very hon­ ored that the city and com m unity would remember our son — and very happy that our . community would get a park,” she said. 
Honored 
“ He gave me the cour­ age I have needed today. 
We see this park as an honor and a victory for our community.” 
The 6.25 acres of park land, a former junkyard, is located on M erida 
Street, across from Im ­ maculate 
Conception 
Church. 
The land was p u r­ chased by the San An­ tonio 
D evelopment 
Agency with $241,225 from the 
Econom ic 
Development 
Admin­ istration local 
Public Works Grant to be utilized for the park’s development. 
The park will include two tennis courts, two multi-purpose courts, an outdoor shelter, a play­ ground area, a softball field, a soccer/football field, lighting, landscaping, picnic facilities and irrigation. 
Mayor 
Lila 
Cockrell called the park, “ A sym­ bol of citizens and city officials trying to work together in the develop­ ment of our city.” 
Lila 
“ Guadalupe Martinez was taken from us at a very young age. This park is sta rte d in his m em ory and as the young children of this comm unity grow up in the park his memory will also live in their hearts and m in d s,” 
M ayor 
Cockrell said. 
Other dignitiaries pre­ sent for the ceremonies were Beatrice Gallego, president of Com m uni­ ties Organized for Public 
Service; County Commis­ sioner 
A lbert 
B us­ tam ante; Auxiliary Bi­ shop Patrick F. Flores; and 
City 
Council members-elect Bernardo 
Eureste and 
Helen 
Dutmer. 
Argentines release jailed editor 

A San Antonio man es- caped serious injury Sa­ turday when his single­ engine airplane crashed in 
West Bexar County. 

Pilot William H. Har­ mon, 42, of 414 Scotty 
Drive, told s h e riff’s deputies he was practic­ ing touch-and-go land­ ings at Westside Airpark 

 on Kriewald Road about 9 p.m. when the plane suddenly lost power on its approach to the field. 
Upon making a forced landing on a muddy field about 35o yards east of the runway, the plane flipped over onto its top. 
Harmon did not require hospitalization, deputies reported. 

BUENOS AIRES. Ar­ gentina (AP) — Robert 
Cox, editor of the Eng­ lish-language Buenos 
Aires 
Herald, was released S aturday by police afte r being charged with violating press restrictions. 
In a telephone in te r­ view, Cox said a judge released him w ithout bail. 

Two detectives arrest­ ed Cox at his office 
Friday and police later said he had violated two 
A rgentine laws on n a ­ tional security and sub­ version. 

The 41-year-old Briton, editor of the Herald for 
18 years, returned to his office after the court ap­ pearance. 
“ I’m back at my paper and I ’m ju st gettin g ready to get back to work to put the paper together again as alw ays,” Cox said less than an hour after being freed. 
Cox said his answer to 

 the charges “ was that the 
Herald did not violate the law.” 

“ I want to emphasize that 
I’m absolutely delighted that my release came about through the due process of law. It could have been o th er­ wise,” he said. 

Herald officials said 
Friday the arrest could be related to a story published 
T hu rsday about a news conference held in Rome by Peron- ist-linked 
Montonero guerrillas in which they announced the formation of a political party. The 
Herald was the only newspaper in Argentina to publish a report of the news conference. 

The Herald is widely- read in the diplom atic and business communi­ ties and is more outspo­ ken about the hum an rights situation here than the Spanishlanguage Ar­ gentine press. 

Tesoro aiding ailing oil firm 

By RICHARD 
ERICKSON 

 tXPRFSS NEWS BUSINESS WRITER 

Dr. Robert V. West Jr., chairman of the board of 
Tesoro Petroleum Co., said Saturday the threa­ tened restru cturin g of 
Comm onwealth 
Oil 
Refining Co. would not be 
‘‘doomsday or the end of the world.” 
San Antonio-based Te­ soro. which owns 36.7 per cent of the troubled 
C om m onw ealth’s com ­ mon stock, would not be directly affected if Com­ monwealth filed for a reorganization under federal bankruptcy laws. 
West said. 
“ If 
Com m onw ealth files under Chapter ll (of those laws) — and it has not decided to do this as of now — it would be able to restructure its debts and re a rra n g e o bliga­ tions to its creditors, of which Tesoro is one.” 
West explained that should allow Common­ wealth to become a via­ ble, ongoing concern. 
“ And quite frankly, that is what I would ex­ pect to happen if it does go into 
C hapter ll. 
Chapter ll is not neces­ sarily doomsday or the end of the world, alth­ ough many people think it is.” 
West added his firm and several of the nine banks holding the bulk of more than $37 million in short term and $19o mil­ lion in long term Com­ monwealth notes have already re stru c tu re d some of the firm ’s payments on those debts. 
T esoro’s chairm an blam es m ost of Com­ monwealth’s problems on fixed price contracts signed years ago that became increasingly dif­ ficult to fulfill with in­ creasing prices of crude oil. 

III— Deaths 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
P a g e 2 7 - C 

1o1— Deaths 
ALVARADO 
Mr. Miguel M. Alvarado 1217 Al­ c ad e St., born in Mexico Sept. 29, 
19o4 entered rest Thursday April 
2t, 1977 at the age of 72 years. Mr. 
Alvarado had been a resident of 
San Antonio for 42 veers. Rosary will be recited in the Max Martin­ ez Chapel Sunday April 24, at 8:3o p m. Requiem M ass will be of­ fered Monday April 25, at 9:oo a m. from St. Martin de Porres 
Catholic Churh 173o Oahlgreen St. with Rev. Baldwin Verhelst CICM officiating. Concluding services will follow in San F e r n a n d o 
Cemeferv No. 2. Survivors: Wife, 
Mrs. Maria R. Aldo, daughters, 
Mrs. Julian (Elisa) Diaz, Mrs. 
Raul (Eva) Saucedo, Mrs. Louis 
(Elida) Busfamente of San An­ tonio, Mrs. Marcos (Olga) de la 
Cruz of Calif., sons, Juan Alvar­ ado, Roberto Alvarado, Juan Al­ v a r a d o J r . of San A ntonio; b r o th e r s , 
E lad io A lv a ra d o , 
Apolinar Alvarado. 22 grandchil­ dren, I great grandchild. Services under the direction of 

M a x M a r t i n e z 
ZOIS W. Martin 
2 2 7 -4 2 tt 

AVILA 
Mr. Carlos Avila 429 Ceralvo St. born in San Antonio, Tex., July 16, 
1958 entered rest Friday April 22, 
1977 at the age of 18 years. Mr. 
Avila had been a lifetime resident of San Antonio. Rosary will be recited in the Chapel Of Roses at 
North P a rk M o rtu a ry Sunday 
April 24 at 8:oo p.m. Requiem 
M ass will be o ffered M onday 
April 25, at 11:oo a.m. from Im­ m acu late C onception Catholic 
Church 314 Merida St. with Rev. 
Enrique Ruiz officiating. Con­ cluding services will follow in San 
Fernando Cemetery No. 2. Sur­ vivors: Parents, Mr. ond Mrs. 
P r u d e n c e Avila, siste r, Mrs. 
R uben 
(O r a lia ) 
V a sq u e z , brother, Mr. Jose Arturo Avila all of San Antonio. 5 nephews and nieces and o th e r r e la tiv e s . 
Services under the direction of tartly JLtrk dtortuarij 

511 Fredericksburg 
734-5313 

B ALDERRAM A 
Alberto Balderrama of 414 E. 
Ackard Place, e n tered rest on 
April 21, 1977 at a local hospital at the age of 45 years. Survived by wife, Mrs. Thersia B alderram a; daughters, Elizabeth & Mary Ann 
B a l d e r r a m a ; so n s, S te p h e n , 
David & Michael B a ld e r ra m a ; parents, Mr. & Mrs. Nichilas Bal­ d e r r a m a ; b ro th e r s , R ich ard , 
Raul & Carlos B alderram a; sis­ ters, Evogllna Martinez & Joann 
Arrocha. Mr. Balderrama was a 
Machinist (Civil Service) Kelly 
AFB, Texas. Rosary will be recit­ ed 7:3o P M. Sunday at Brookehill 
Chapel. F u n e ra l S erv ices will depart Brookehill Chapel 12:3o 
P M. Monday, followed with Mass offered at 1:oo P.M. of St. Law­ rence Catholic Church, interment with military honors will follow in 
F o rt Sam H ouston N atio n al 
Cemetery. Arrangements with 

H rm ikch U l 
711 S. E. Military Dr. 
923-7523 

E L L IF F 
MR 
RALPH 
W n r t a j j h r i e l l i f f , u s jot* 
I It WS M i I n o fh a n . b o rn in 
1 Dallas, Texas Aug 
19, 1914, entered rest Friday April 
22, 1977 at the age of 62 years. 
SERVICES MONDAY 2 OO PM 
ALAMO CHAPELS 
Rev T. Ervin Veal* officiating and interm ent to follow in Son 
Jose Burial P a rk . S u rv iv o rs: 
D aughter, Mrs. Alvin (W ando 
* eigh) Peebles Boerne, Texas, son, Eugene W. Elliff, parents, 
Mr and Mrs. Lee Elliff, all of San 
Antonio, 2 grandchildren. Mr. El- lift was a m em ber of Southside 
Christian Church and has been a resident of San Antonio for the past SO yrs. Services under dir­ ection of o member of The Lelon 
Cude Family of mu 
225-5731 
N. Alamo of Brooklyn 

ESTALA 
Mateo Estala, age 68 years, re­ sidence 667 N. San Gabriel Ave., born Sept 21, 19o8 in Monclova, 
Mexico, passed away April 22, 
1977, local hospital. Survivors: 
Wife Maria G. Estaia Sons; Ar­ mando Estaia and Mateo Estala, 
Jr. Daughters, Manueta E. Guer­ ra, Esperanza Castro, Maria Or- tegon and Yolanda H erndnez. 
Brothers, Baldomero and Rober­ to Estala. Sisters, Reyes Guevara and Angela Estala. 31 grandchil­ dren, 9 great-grandchildren Mr. and Mrs. Mateo Estala had just celebrated 5o yrs. of m arriage. 
R osary will be recited Sunday 
8 oo p.m. at Ortiz Mortuary. Fun­ eral Departs Monday 1:oo p.m. 
Mass Holy Rosary Church 1:3o p.m. Interment in San Fernando 
Cemetery No. 2. Arrangements by 

FE IN S T E IN 
Mr. Morris Feinstein, 5o, of 3536 
West Ave., died April 22, 1977 in 
Son Antonio. Resident of Son An­ tonio 3o y e a r s, m e m b e r C on­ gregation 
Rodfei 
Sholom, 
B’nai 
B rith, Hebrew F ree Loan A s­ sociation. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. 
Etta Feinstein of San Antonio; son, Jeff Feinstein of Houston, 
Texas; daughters, Miss Karen 
Feinstein of Houston, Texas and 
Mrs. Donna Stein of San Antomo; brothers, Irving Feinstein of New 
York and Max Feinstein of New 
York; sisters, Mrs. Sadie Green- baum of Miami, Florida and Mrs. 
Sophie Fitzgerald of New Jersey, numerous nieces and nephews. 
Services 2:oo p.m. Sunday April 
2*th in Roy Akers Funeral Chapel with Rabbi Amram Prero , Rabbi 
Arnold Scheinberg and Cantor 
Noah Perm an officiating. Inter­ ment Rodfei Sholom Cemetery. 
Active Pallbearer: Louis Kboudi, 
Ralph Kboudi, David Kboudi, 
E u g en e Thaw , Alex 
Pokloff, 
Arthur O’Krenf, Michael O'Krent, 
Sam O 'K rent. H o n o ra ry P a ll­ bearers: 
Philip 
Nathanson, 
C h a r le s D a v id so n , G a ry Itz- kowitz, Ken OKrent, Ken J a c k ­ man, Morris Rubin, Bernie Smith, 
Max Stool, Al Levine, Milton 
Schacket, 
Sol 
Somach, 
Mike 
Carrillo. Contributions may be m ade to S. A. H eart Assn. or 
American Cancer Society. 

515 No. Main 
226-72o1 

GONZALEZ 
Mrs. Alicia R. Gonzalez, age 55, of 
734 Jennings Ave. entered into rest Friday, April 22, 1977. Sur­ vivors: Husband, Mr. Arnulfo 
Gonzalez, son, Edward Gonzalez; daughter, Mrs. Gloria H e rn a n ­ dez; brothers, Ruben Rodriguez, 
E tuid R o d rig u e z , E f ra in R o­ driguez, Jose H. Rodriguez, Dan­ iel Rodriguez, Jacobo Rodgieuz and Jose Luis Rodgieuz; 5 grand­ children. Funeral services will be held Monday at 1:oo p.m. at the 
Palm Heights Chapel with Rev. 
James D. Morgan officiating. In­ terment wilt follow at Roselawn 
Memorial Park. 
Arrangements with 

3711 So. Zarzomora 
924-4568 

G R IF F IT H 
Charles M. Griffith, Jr., age 6o, of 
2218 G re e n ie s t, died Thursday, 
April 21, 1977. He was a member of San Pedro Church of Christ; a retired Air Force civil serv ice employee and a lifetime resident of San Antonio. Survivors: Wife, 
Mrs. Mary S. Griffith; son, Bus 
Griffith, Van Nays, Cal.; sister, 
Mrs. Zeila I. 
Barnes; brother. 
Ben M. Griffith, both of San An­ tonio; numerous nieces and ne­ phews. Service Monday at 9:3o in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter 
L oring M o rtu a ry , Mr. G. B. 
Stanley and Mr. Archie Smith of­ ficiating. P allb earers: Charles 
Jordan, Ralph Davenport, Bob 
Lewis, Wayne Griffith B arnes, 
Ben W ayne B arn es, C la re n ce 
Belzung. Interment In Fort Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. Ar­ rangements with 
Porter Loring h o i McCullough 22?-B2z i 

GUERRA 
Mr. Viviano R. Guerra 2627 Ruiz 
St born in Mexico Dec. 2, 1892 entered rest Friday April 22, 1977 at the age of 84 years. Mr. Guerra hod been a resident of Son Anton­ io for 37 years. Rosary will be recited in the Max 
M artin ez 
Chapel Sunday April 24, at 7:3o p m. Requiem Mass will be of­ fered Monday April 25, at 1:3o p.m. from Christ The King Cath­ olic Church 261o Perez St. with 
Rev. Lawrence Matula officiat­ ing. Concluding Services will fol­ low in San Fernando Cemetery 
No. 2. Survivors: Sons, Alfred 
Guerra, M argarita G uerra, Joe 
Guerra, Ricardo Guerra, E d u ar­ do G u erra, Mario G u e rra , A r­ mando G uerra of San Antonio, 
Viviano G u e rra J r. of M aine, 
Rudy Rios of Dallas, Tex.; step­ daughters, Maria Refugio Ruiz, 
Elvira Cantu, Magdalena Rocha of Son Antonio, sisters, Francisco 
Morales, Mrs. Santiago (Virgin­ ia) Jimenez, Guadalupe Botella; brothers, Francisco Guerra, Jose 
Guerra all of Dallas, Tex., 3o grandchildren, to great g r a n d ­ children. Services under the dir­ ection of 
Max Martin** 
2o15 W Martin 
257-6281 

Death Notices 

 i i i -ID calhs 
^ • 1 -D eaths 

HANS 
Mr. Paul E Hans, *9, 23o Edge brook St., died April 22, 1977 
F o r m e r re s id e n t of Seguin, member of St. Joseph s Society, 
Hormonic Lodge No I of Herman 
Sons, 65 year member of Typo graphical Union No 172, retired em ployee of the San Antonio 
Light. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Pout 
E. (Catherine) Hans; daughter, 
Mrs. Catherine E. Hamilton; son, 
Lawrence E. Hons, sister, Mrs. J. 
T. Zimmerman; 5 grandchildren; all of San Antonio. Rosary: 7:oo p.m. Sunday, ZIZIK-KEARNS 
CHAPEL, Moss 1o.3o a.m. Mon­ day, St. Mary Magdalen Catholic 
Church, 171o Clower St., Rev. 
Msgr. John Matocha, celebrant, interm ent St. Josep h 's Society 
Cemetery. Arrangements by 
Zizik'Kearrts 
D ow ning • M r Claut her i y 
I 322 N. St. M ary’s 
227-22o6 

KURZ 
Mr. Bee T. Kurz, 63, of Route 5 
Box 383 died April 22, 1977 In a local hospital. Lite resid en t of 
Bexar County, member Oak Is­ land United Methodist Church, 
Rancher in Bexar and Atascosa 
Counties, m em ber of Board of 
Eauillzation for Som erset High 
School, C o m m itte e -m a n for 
Farm ers Home Administration, 
Ex-Committee- man of A. S. C. office of Bexar County, Pasf-Pre- sident of Somerset Lions Club. 
Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Mavis Kurz of San Antonio; sons. Gary and 
Benny Kurz both of San Antonio, father, A. A. Kurz of Pleasanton, 
Texas; mother, Mrs. L. A. Barnes of San Antonio; sisters, Mrs. Lo rine Nute of M emphis, Tenn.; grandchildren Richard, Randal, 
Dawn and Brian Kurz; mofher- in-law, Mrs. G. 
P. Cooper of 
Somerset, Texas. Services 11:oo a m. Monday April 25th at Roy 
Akers Funeral Chapel with Rev. 
Walter McLeod officiating, inter­ ment Oak Island C em etery, lf friends so desire they may con­ trib u te to Oak Isla n d U nited 
Methodist Church Building Fund. 

515 No. M a in 
226-72o1 

* 
MILLS 

V Charles F. Mills, 5 6 , 
H 
LTC U S. A F. retired 
P S Q of 114 C o rtez D r., 
U n iv e rs al City died 
April 21st, 1977 in a local hospital. 
R esid e n t of U n iv e r s a l City 7 years. Col. Mills was a veteran of 
World War ll and the Korean and 
Viet Nam Conflicts. Survivors: 
Wife, C a th e r in e H. Mills of 
U n iv e rsal City, T e x a s , so n s, 
Charles A. Mills and Christopher 
Mills both of San A n to n io ; d a u g h ters. Miss C avita Mills, 
Miss Carla Mills and Miss Ca- trlcla Mills all of Universal City, 
Texas; brothers, Rabun F. Mills of B irm ingham , A lab am a and 
Ansley Mills of M o n tg o m e ry , 
Alabama. Rosary 8:oo p.m. Sun­ day April 24th at Sunset Funeral 
Home. Moss will be recited 12:oo noon Monday April 25th in Ran­ dolph Chopel No. I, Randoloh 
AFB. interment Fort Sam Hous­ ton National Cemetery with Full 
Military Honors. Honorary Pall­ bearers: 
Leroy 
Brown, 
Vern 
Henderson, Jimmy Hamill, Her­ bert Lauterstein Jam es Edney, 
Clifford N a sh ,J a m e s C arro ll, 
Fred Berry. Contributions may be made to the A m erican C ancer 
Society or the Blood Bank of Wil­ lard Hall Hospital. 
SUNSETS 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2811 

MUSGRAVE 
Mrs. Key Axley Musgrave, age 31, of 526 Calumet, died Saturday, 
April 23, 1977. S u rv iv o rs: P a ­ rents, Mr. and Mrs. Branch Ax­ ley, Nacogdoches, Tx.; daughter, 
Cebern Musgrave, San Antonio; sisters, Mrs. Sharon Day, 
Mrs. 
Connie Aman, Mrs. Linda Cower, all of Houston, Tx. Service Sun­ day at 4 o'clock at Caton-Monk 
Funeral Home, Nacogdoches, Tx. 
Interm ent in Sunset M em orial 
Park, Nacogdoches, Tx. A rran­ gements with 

Baiter Loring 
1 i d M cC u llo u g h 227-8221 

PATINO 
Mrs. Josefa R. Patino, 92, 2o9 Rav 
Ave., died April 22, 1977. S u r­ vivors: Daughters, Mrs. David 
Flores, Mrs. Louise Moas, San 
Antonio, Mrs. Amelia P. Stevens, 
Corpus Christi, Mrs. Leona P. 
Komoll, 
M ilw au k e e ; son, 
Raym ond Patino, W oodsboro; sisters, Mrs. Louse M arquez, 
Mrs. Refugta Sierra; brothers, 
Fid en cio De La R osa, alt of 
M adera, Calif., Alfredo De La 
Rosa, Brownsville; 16 grandchil­ d ren ; 24 g re a t-g ra n d c h ild re n ; numerous nieces and nephews. 
Rosary 6:3o p.m. Sunday, ZIZIK- 
KEARNS C H A P EL . M ass on 
Monday at St. Theresa's Catholic 
Church. Woodsboro, Texas. In­ term ent St. Bernard Cemetery, 
W oodsboro, 
T ex as. 
A r r a n ­ gements by 
Zfrik-Keams 
Downing • Mr CUughcr I y 
I 322 N. St. M arys 
227-22o6 

QUESADA 
Hiiinio D. Q uesada, ag e 7o, of 
24163 Hwy 281 South passed away 
Friday in a local hospital. Sur­ vivors: Widow, Mrs. Mary Que­ sada, daughters, Mrs. Helen Solis 
M rs. E lsa A rre d o n d o , M rs. 
Pauline Gonzales, and Mrs. M ar­ gie Retendez, sons. Juan, Hiiinio, 
Jr., Hector and James Quesada, 
Four Sisters and One b rother. 
F u n e ra l 
S e rv ic e s will be conducted in Mission Park Fun­ eral Chapel at 7 OO p.m. Sunday, 
April 24 and 3:oo p.m. Monday, 
April 25 with interment to follow in 
M ission B u r i a l P a rk 
A r r a n ­ gements by 
* MISSION PARK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

ATTRACT 

WAVES 

OF BOAT 

BUYERS. 

K N IFF E N 
Mrs. Lillie Pearl Kniffen, age 84, passed away Saturday, April 23. 
Funeral services are pending with 

MISSION PANK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

Call 
225-1666 

1o2—Card of Thanks 
Memorium 
1o2—Card of Thanks 
Memorium 

7 f ie F a m i l y o f 

W i n t h r o p I . F r o u k e , M . D . th 

II is he a to convey their heartfelt gratitude for the tautly expressions o f sym­ pathy and for the contributions to the ii in- th rap I. Franke, lf. I). Children's Memorial 
Fund, during their time o f bereavement. 

Our Special Thanks to the It estside State 
Bunk for handling Dr. Frunke's Memorial 
Fund. 

RENDON 
Mr. Francisco L. Rendon 219 Mil- vid St., born in Mexico Feb. 9, 1892 entered rest Saturday April 23, 
1977 at the age of 85 years. Mr. 
Rendon had been a resident of 
San Antonio for 69 years. Rosary will be recited in the Max Martin­ ez Chapel, Sunday April 24 at 7:oo p.m. Requiem M ass will be of­ fered Monday April 25 at 2:oo p.m. from Our Lady of Angels 
Catholic Church 1214 Stonewall St. with Rev. Guy Henry officiating. 
Concluding services will follow in 
Rossville C em etery Rossville, 
Tex. Survivors: Wife, Mrs. Juani­ ta H. Rendon, daughter, Mrs. Eu­ sebio R . S a a b e r i a ; son, Mr. 
Guadalupe Hendon, sisters, An­ drea Serrato, Josefa Herrera all of San Antonio, 7 grandchildren, I great grandchild. Services under the direction of 
Iflax martin** 
2o15 W. Martin 
227-62E1 

5o4—Funeral Ptrcctare- 

“ ANGELUS FUNERAL HOME * 
HENRY GUERRA 
,4o2 W. Houston 
247-1469 

S r a a k th ill 
71) S E Military 
923-7523 
< 
6 uk min 
8o56 Fredericksburg 596-7)11 

Brllrrret 
2ooo S. W W. White 
337-4o82 
. Palm origl|tii i 
3711 So. Zarzomora 924-4568 
I 

RODRIGUEZ 
Master jesse Rodriguez. Jr age 
7, of 1949 Silo Way entered Info rest Thursday, April 21, 1977 in 
Houston, T e x a s. S u r v iv o r s : 
Parents, Jesse Rodriguez and 
Sylvia R o d rig u e z , b r o t h e r s , 
Arthur and Terrv Rodriguez, sis­ ters, M onica and M elev a Ro­ driguez; Maternal grandparents, 
Mr. and Mrs. Feliciano Trevino; paternal grandparents, Thomas 
Rodriguez and Juanita Longoria; 
Rosary Service will be heid Sun­ day evening at 7:3o p.m. at the 
Palm Heights Chapel. Funeral 
Services will depart Monday at 
9:3o a.m. followed bv a funeral mass at 
1o:oo a m . at 
St. 
Stephen s Catholic Church, inter­ ment will follow al San Fernando 
Cemetery No. 2. Arrangements with 
Holm frig a te 
3711 So. Zarzomora 
924 4568 

SANDERS 
Mr. Jack Sanders Jr., 821 Saldana 
St., born In Laredo, Tex., Jon. 27, 
1925 e n te re d re s t W ednesday 
April 2o, 1977 at the age of 52 years. Mr. Sanders had been a re sid en t of San Antonio for 2 years. Rosary will be recited In the Max Martinez Chapel Sunday 
April 24, at 8:oo p.m. Requiem 
M ass will be o ffered M onday 
April 25, af 1o:15 a.m. from St. 
Jam es Catholic Church 9o7 W. 
Theo Ave., with R ev. R o b ert 
Fouauet officiating. Concluding services will follow in Fort Sam 
Houston National Cemetery. Sur­ vivors: Wife, M rs. F u lc h e rio 
Sanders, daughters, Sonic S. Me­ drano, Sandro S. Sustoita, Silvio 
S. Santos, Patricia S. Morales of 
H ouston, Tex., so n s, A rth u r 
Sanders, Jac k S a n d e rs 111 of 
Houston, Tex., s is te r s , M aria 
Cruz Inguanzo, Olivia Sanders, 
Idaho S. Rocha of San Antonio, 
Sulema Mendiolo of Laredo, Tex. 
6 grandchildren. Services under the direction of 
Max Martin** 
2o15 W. Martin 
227-42B1 

__ H 

T T fi—iteallbi 
_ 

: SMITH 
: Mr El Roy Smith t i seslta VII- 
I log* Comal County died April 2t, 
I 4977. Mr. Smith was a member 
| of Legion of Moose No *7 of San 
I Antonio 
Survivors: wife, Mrs 
_i Ana L. Smith of San Antonie; daughter, Mrs. Kathy Webster of 
I Son A ntonie; so n s, D avid R . 
I Smith U S M. C. ond Warren G 
Smith U. $ M.; sisters, Mrs Doris 
Rudder of Baytown, Texas; Mrs. 
B a r b a r a Lee O rr, M rs. M ory 
Agnes Gentry and Mrs. Lots Ma son att of Bay City, Texas, Mrs, 
Beatrice Stewart of Belton, Tex­ as; brother, C. G. Miller Jr. of 
Houston, Texas; grandson. Wil­ liam Lee Webster Jr. of Son An- 
Ionia Service* 11:6oa rn. Monday 
April 2Sth in S u n se t F u n e r a l 
Home, interment Sunset M emor­ ial Pork. 
SUNSETS 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

SMITH 
Wallace 8. Smith, Sr., age 68, of 
1338 K en d o ila p a s t e d a w a y 
Fr.day, April 22, in a local hospi­ tal Native of Abilene and San 
Antonio resident 26 years. Sur­ vivors: Widow, M rs, Ruby E . 
Smith, daughters. Bonnie Sims of 
Porterville, CA. and Helen Her­ ron of Son Antonio, son, Wallace 
B Smith, j r . of Son Antonio, 
T h irte en G r a n d c h i l d r e n o n d 
Seven Great Grandchildren. Fun­ eral Services will be conducted in 
Mission Park Funeral Chapel at 
1:oo p m Monday, April 25, with interm ent to follow in Mission 
Burial Park. Arrangements by 

S K I N N E R 
Christopher Bartlett Skinner, M. 
o„ age 31, of 1o362 Saharo, died 
Saturday, April 21, 1977. He was a member of St. Luke's Episcopal 
Church; graduated from Alamo 
Heights High School; received his 
8. A. D e g re e fro m T u lan e 
University and his M. D. Degree from Tulane Medical School; was a resident in general surgery at 
The University of Texas Medical 
School in San Antonio, Kappa 
Sigm a F r a t e r n i t y ; 
P hi Chi 
M edical 
F r a t e r n i t y and a member of San Antonio Country 
Club. Survivors: Parents, Dr. and 
Mrs. Ira Clifton Skinner, Jr., San 
Antonio, brother Cloy R. Skinner, 
M. D„ Rochester, Minn.; sister, 
Mrs. 
Michael 
G. 
(Corrlsue) 
Sweeney; grandmother, Mrs. Ira 
Clifton Skinner, both of Son An­ tonio. S e rv ic e M ondoy at 12 o’clock in the Georgian Chapel of the Porter Loring Mortuary, the 
Rev. David P. Comegvs, Jr. of­ ficiating. in te rm e n t in Sunset 
Memorial 
Park. 
Arrangements with 

Bolter Loring 
11o1 MeCUUOUOH 227 *221 

You’ll be amazed at the things you can sell with a Want Ad! 

Call 225-1666 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

I . . J. 
MOCTUADf iNc^mr 

Every service a special service 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

515 NORTH M A IN A V IN U I 
226-72o1 

AN EVER-PRESENT 
GENTLENESS. 

Porter Loring 
M O R T U A R Y h o i M c C u llo u g h 227-8221 

MISSION P \ HK 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 

THAMES 
Mrs. Barbara Beckwith Thames, age 3o, died Saturday, April 23, 
1977. She was a member of The 
Church of Reconciliation, Epis­ copal and was a teacher at St. 
Mary's Hall, Montessori School. 
Survivors: Parents. Dr. and Mrs. 
Gordon S. Beckwith; sons, Ashley 
Thames, J 
Howard Thames; all of Son Antonio; brother, Dr. J ay 
Beckwith, Ft, Worth, Tx, Service 
Monday at 2:3o in the Georgian 
C hapel of th e P o r t e r L o rin g 
M ortuary, the Rev. Jo sep h L. 
Brown officiating interm ent in 
M ission B u ria l P a r k . A r r a n ­ gements with 

Porter Loring 
I io i McCullough 227*221 

W ILLIAMS 
Mrs. Dorothy C. Williams, 73, of 
Crystal City died S aturday in 
Uvalde. She is survived by her husband, A. O. W illiams, p r e ­ sident of Zavala County Bank in 
Crystal City; a son, Je r ry Wil­ liams and four g ra n d c h ild re n . 
Funeral services are at 3 p m 
Monday at First United Methodist 
Church In Crystal City. Burial in 
E d gew ood C e m e te r y . A r r a n ­ gements with Leonard Funeral 
Home. 
LEONARD FUNERAL HOME 
CRYSTAL CITY___ 

WOODS 
Mr. Sylvester “ Pat'' Woods, 63, of 
1435 
S. E 
M ilitary Or., died 
Friday, April 22, 1977. Survivors: 
Wife, Mrs. Agnes Reynold Woods; children; L a rry Woods, Wally 
Woods, and Pat Chandler all of 
Lot Angeles, California; 6 grand­ children. Service Mondoy 2:oo p.m. at The Angelus Chapel, the 
Rev. 
Bill 
Meyers officiating. 
Arrangements by 
THE 
ANGELUS 
FUNERAL 
HOME 
227-1441 
HENRY GUERRA 

Express-News_: 

Want Ads 
125-1666 

1o4— Funeral Dtreciars 

 pfeoutteibe 

F U N E R A L H O M E 

63o1 S. FIORES 
9 2 2 - 6 3 3 9 
John M. Grimes, Director 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227-3136 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

>-11119 N. S t M a ry 's 

A f £ StOOHKHJCZ 
FUNCHAL H O M * 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 Guodkilupe St. 

2 2 6 4 1 1 1 

JHax 
JHartmrz 

 off* ring 
Arranged tvnerai 
Confront 
I morel tnsomoco Reboot 

2 2 7 - 6 2 8 1 

Bolti Port Nor*very 
7 3 4 -5 3 1 3 

(f e e t WR to ■ idol l irdioi 
655-4411 

FST FU N E LIAL 

Ala 

FUNERA 

211 B r o o k ly n a t N . A la m o 

 j a m b — 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 
■ 
2 2 5 —5 7 3 1 
'Uli£ 
CjluL KJujnillf 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Public school finance 

Frost Bros., Lichtenstein’s firms merge today 

 bin Umps from House 

Open house will be held Monday in both the downtown and Parkdale Plaza sto res —r w ith in fo rm al m odeling throughout the day and executives present to greet the visitors. 

Two Corpus Christi fash ion outlets jo in three in San 
A n ton io a n d one in Austin un der the Frost bann er 

 nam e has always stood for integrity, m anager F ro st’s N orthcross M all, quality and fashion leadership. The, Austin, and Richard W right, form er character and traditions of the store president of Lichtenstein’s, and now will not change.” vice president and assistant to Irving 
Mathews, chairman of the board 
“ For many years F rost’s and Lich­ tenstein’s have been closely associated through the same buying organization, and now the consolidation means the people of South Texas will have even wider choices in fashion and beauty.” 

 greeting guests at Saturday’s recep­ tion and fashion show included John 
Haynie Sr., general m anager of both stores there; Don Newsom, assistant m an ag er; C larice S pitz, a ssista n t m an ag er and fashion co o rd inator; 
Jack Tichacek, display director; Cal 
Koontz, m anager of Parkdale Plaza, and G eorge B uffington, a ssista n t manager of Parkdale Plaza. 

In addition to Berkowitz, San Anton­ io and Austin executives were Richard 
Frontman, executive vice president of 
Frost Bros.; Eugene Lacritz and Val 
Nohra, vice presidents; Clyde Feese, m an ag er F ro s t’s North S tar M all; 
K athleen 
T h u rm an , m an ag er 
F ro st’s-on-the-River; Vern Budreau, 

M athews, who is also chairm an of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said, “ Like Lichtenstein’s, Frost’s has 

“ Our concepts are close, just as San 
Antonio and Corpus Christi have al­ ways been close, and the fam ilies of both cities are intermingled. Like M.S. 
Lichtenstein, I am a member of one of the original fam ilies which guided 
Frost Bros, through the years, and af­ fection for our friends and patrons in the Corpus Christi area, our interest in the community and in the store family will always be there, as they are in San 
Antonio.” 

Mr. and Mrs. Mathews are currently in New York. 

Lichtenstein will continue to guide the policies of F rost’s Corpus Chrsti stores. 

The first L ichtenstein’s store was founded in 1874 by M orris L ichten­ stein, who was born in Prussia in 1835. 
It was a sm all, one-story, one-room fram e building — an em porium , as were most stores of that time — and sold g ra in , yard good, kerosene, clothes and whatever suppplies fron­ tiersmen needed. 
The second store — a two-story wood and brick stru c tu re with V ictorian balconies and b a lu stra d e s — was established in 1899. The third stores was built in 1911 on Chaparral Street, a block north of where downtown Lich­ tenstein’s stands today. 

The P a rk d a le Plaza sto re was opened in 1957. 

F rost’s first opened its doors as a home-owned, high-fashion specialty on 
Houston Street in 1917. The first presi­ dent was the late Jonas M. Frost. 

The main store is still in the same location in the heart of the downtown area. Frost’s North Star Mall opened in 1963, and F ro s t’s-on-the-R iver, located in the Hilton Palacio del Rio 
Hotel, opened in 1968. The Northcross 
Mall store in Austin opened in 1974. 

Said Berkowitz: “ F ro st’s is proud now to be a part of Corpus Christi in the im portant C oastal‘Bend area of 
Texas. We look forward to being in­ volved in the further development of 

 searched the world for the finest fa­ shion labels and with our com bined expertise, we shall continue to do so 
O ther C orpus C h risti ex ecu tiv es with even more meaning. 

DON CARTWRIGHT 

MATT GARCIA 

JOE HERNANDEZ 

FRANK MADLA 

JIM NOWLIN 

DON RAINS 

ABE RIBAK 

LOU NELLE SUTTON 

FRANK TEJEDA 

BOB VALE 

Texas Senate 

GLENN KOTHMANN 

FRANK LOMBARDINO 

JOHN TRAEGER 

Y ss Yes 
N = No 
Ass Absent 
o = Abstain 
Week ending 
A pril 23 

H ow 
T h e y 
Voted 

Sunday marks the official merger of two of South Texas most distinguished fashion stores, the 6o-year-old Frost 
Bros, with the 1o3-year-old 
Lichtenstein’s of Corpus Christi. 

The two L ich ten stein sto re s —■ downtown and Parkdale Plaza — will now be known as Frost Bros. Signs were being changed over the weekend. 
Frost’s has three stores in San An­ tonio and one in Austin. 
The announcement was made jointly by M urray Berkow itz, president of 
Frost B ros., and M.S. L ichtenstein, former executive vice president of the stores which bear the family name. He will now be a vice president of Frost’s stores. 
C elebrating the m erger, a fashion gala titled “ The Best of Lichtenstein’s and Frost Bros.,” was presented in the downtown stores in the coastal city 
Saturday night — with executives and friends attending. 
The event was a showcase of m en’s, women’s and children’s fashions, fo­ cusing on the American and European designer labels available in the Frost’s stores, many of them exclusive in this part of the country. 

MURRAY BERKOWITZ 

Concerning the merger, Lichtenstein said, “ It is a development which my fam ily and I w elcom e and w'hich makes our stores even more im portant for our friends in the Coastal Bend area. Like L ichtenstein’s, the Frost 

 this invigorating city. 
“Now that the beloved Lichtenstein family has ‘m arried’ the Frost family, together we shall be a stronger store family dedicated to cooperation with the community and service to its peo­ ple.” 

IRVING MATHEWS 

RON BIRD 

AL BROWN JR. 

F x w tfS S N E w s C a r n o t s u * e a u 
AUSTIN — Put back together in a swath of Gov. Dolph Briscoe’s emer­ gency legislation bandages, the em­ battled public school finance bill fin­ ally limped out of the House last 
Wednesday. 
After six days of bitter battle, HB75o was passed by a 1o2 to 39 vote. 
Representatives, apparently tired from the marathon debate and with the bill itself, even dispensed with the usual closing arguments on the bill. 
Debate started April ll, and a point of order the following Friday split the original bill into six separate pieces of legislation. 
However, Gov. Briscoe extended his emergency message cover to the five spun-off bills and put the m easure back together again. 
HB75o sponsors, backed by the con­ servative element of the House, beat back one attack after another mounted by House liberals. 
In the end, only one m ajor money amendment had been tacked on — this one shaving off $1o million in addi­ tional funding to the Texas Education 
Agency’s regional service centers. 
This reduced HB75o’s original price tag of $7o2 million to the final form price of $692 million. 
A mandated local ad valorem tax cut for school district property tax owners survived repeated attem pts to chop it out of the bill. 
Not so fortunate were attem pts to add a $26o-million teacher pay raise which m ust now wait its own turn on the House floor within the next week or so. 
MALPRACTICE 
What the medical profession failed to get from the House it won from the 
Senate last week with a 27-4 vote on medical m alpractice legislation. 
The much amended HB1o48 must now go back to the House, which is expected to request a conference com­ mittee to iron out a final version of the bill. 
In Senate am endments to HB1o48 doctors won a $1oo,ooo ceiling on da­ mage awards for pain and suffering and a $5oo,ooo limit to any m alpractice award. 
In addition, another am endm ent provides a judge may reduce any award by the amount of health insur­ ance benefits received by the claimant. 
The num ber and im pact of the am endm ents prom pted Sen. A.R. 
“ Babe” Schwartz of Galveston, Senate sponsor of the bill, to withdraw his support of the measure in an angry outburst. 
But Schw artz’s “ bail out” drew support only from Sens. Ron Clower of 
Garland, Gene Jones of Houston and 
Oscar Mauzy of Dallas. 
SICK PAY 
What started as a roar ended in a whisper last week as the Senate quietly gave final approval to the repeal of unlimited sick pay for San Antonio police and fire fighters. 
It took only seconds for the Senate to concur in a House-amended version of 
SB459 by Sen. Frank Lombardino of 
San Antonio. 
The bill, which is now on Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe’s desk, exempts .San Antonio from a 1975 law allowing police and fire fighters to accumulate unlimited sick leave, for which lump sum pay­ ment can later be claimed. 
Once the bill is signed into law by the governor, San Antonio police and fire fighters will return to the pre-1975 policy of being able to accumulate only 
9o days of sick leave for pay purposes 
They will also be able to accumulate 
6o days vacation time for the same purpose. 
LAETRILE 
Use of the c o n tro v ersial drug 
Laetrile in the treatm ent of cancer would be legalized in Texas by a bill passed in the House last Tuesday. 
HB1574 by Rep. Senfronia Thompson of Houston was given a quick 132 to 8 passage by representatives wearied by more than a week of school finance debate. 
Under HB1574, Texas doctors could use Laetrile to treat cancer patients if the drug is available. 
Currently the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration prohibits importation and use of the drug in the U.S. 

ROGER BEDILLION, seated, review s plans with Judy 
Cleborne, Bert Nelson and John Gaddis 
Member drive set by North 
S.A. Chamber 

Goodwill opens program iii radio, TV repairing 

Goodwill Rehabilitation Service has launched a new training program to meet a community need and is issuing a rare special appeal for donations. 
Goodwill urgently needs repairable television and radio sets to instruct students in radio and television repair. 
The class members are handicapped students who either wanted to learn j this particular skill or were forced to change vocations for health reasons. 

One of the students is just out of high school. A nother is a construction worker who was forced to give up heavy work and find a less strenuous job. 

For these students to reach their fullest potential a large volume of radio and television sets is urgently needed. Persons who have some to donate can call Goodwill at 924-8581. 

POLICE REVIEW 
Civilian police review boards could be elected in Texas’ cities under a bill approved in the Senate last week. 
SB237 by Sen. Walter Mengden of 
Houston calls for citywide elections to select civilian m em bers of these re­ view boards. 
City governments may now appoint such review' panels to investigate alle­ gations of police misconduct. 
The bill now goes to the House. 
TAX RELIEF 
A bill requiring farm and ranch land near metropolitan areas to be taxed on the basis of production rather than m arket value was sent to Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe for signing into law last week 
The bill, which is also included as state-wide feature in the House-passed version of the public school finance bill, was a compromise between the 
House and Senate. 
HB22 is expected to save farm ers and large land holding corporations millions in ad valorem taxes during the next two years. 
However, it is also expected to cost counties and school districts large sums as agricultural land on their tax roles must be reduced accordingly. 
INJECTION 
“ All we are doing is making the death penalty more hum ane," Rep. 
Ben. Z. Grant of Marshall said Thurs­ day in urging the House to pass his bill allowing the death penalty to be car­ ried out by drug injection. 
The House agreed in G rant’s assess­ ment by passing his bill on to the 
Senate by a 9o-36 vote with 19 members abstaining. 
HB945 would allow state ordered executions to be carried out by injec­ tion of a lethal drug rather than by electric chair. 
At the same tim e G rant’s bill was being passed, the Oklahoma House of 
Representatives was approving a si­ m ilar measure. 

The m em bership blitz for the North 
San Antonio Chamber of Commerce will begin May 2. 
M em bership D evelopm ent C om ­ mander is Roger Bedillion. 
The cham ber, Bedillion said, has been successful because its m em ber­ ship is constantly growing and becom­ ing more representative of the busi­ ness community. 
The cham ber has increased by 75o 

 m em bers since it was chartered in 
1974. The target for this year’s spring blitz is 15o new m em bers, Bedillion said. 
By the end of 1977, a total m em ber­ ship of 1,2oo is expected, he added. 
Captains for the campaign are Nick 
Garza, Ernest Gamez, Mike Dement, 
Gair Albe, LB. “ Porky” Hinton, Ed 
West, Cindy Propp, M ark Morley, 
Jesse Juhl and Janelle McArthur. 

IRMA SANCHEZ, only wom an in Goodw ill's radio and television repair training, uses a bar generator to adjust a color set 

^ l r \ as House 

However, the law was overturned recently by a federal court and the 
EDA is currently appealing the de­ cision. 
If the c o u rt’s ruling is upheld, 
HB1574 would m ake L aetrile’s use legal as soon as the ban on importing it is lifted. 
CONSTRUCTION 
State supported colleges and univer­ 

 sities will need prior approval of the 
State Coordinating Board of Colleges and Universities for construction pro­ jects under term s of a Senate approved bill. 

SB45o by Sen. Oscar Mauzy of Dallas would end the present practice of such requests going straight to the legisla­ ture for budgeting. 

Spelling Bee 

 is Saturday 

Cherbonnier 
Garcia 
Neff 

Spruill 
Hohenberger 

Simmonds 

S-p-e-l-l-i-n-g is going to be the name of the game Saturday as about 2oo kids from San Antonio and su rro u n d in g areas compete for honors and valuable prizes at the San A ntonio N ews 
Spelling Bee. 
Adding their names to the list of con­ testants are the following fourth graders: 
Tiffany Spruill, IO, Walzem Elem entary; 
Anne 
H o h e n b e rg e r, 
IO, 
W o o d rid g e 
E le m e n ta ry ; 
J a im e 
H e r n a n d e z , 
IO, 
Esparza Elementary; Virginia Valdez, IO, 
Bow den 
E le m e n ta ry , and 
C a r o ly n 
M cClain, 9, Franklin School. 
Fifth graders who have entered are 
Lisa Ann Holland, 9, St. George Episcopal 
School; Jeff Rohlfing, ll, Wilshire Elem en­ ta ry ; M a rk E. Sim m onds, l l , R egen cy 
Place School; Carlos Alvarado, ll , Schulze 
Elem en tary; Ginger Weir, 12, Liv e Oak 

Elem entary; and Simone Form er, l l , of 
Camelot Elementary. 

Sixth grade students who have entered the competition are V ictor Salazar, l l , 
Em m a Frey Elem entary and M ich elle 
Cherbonnier, ll, Garner M iddle School. 
Two eighth graders have also entered 
— M ary Helen Garcia, 14, from Madison 
School, and Jon Neff, 14, from 
Dwight 
Junior School. 
Judges for the event will be Dr. Ber­ nard C. O’Halloran, professor of Eng­ lish and associate academic dean at In­ carnate Word College, and Dr. Scott 
Baird of Trinity University. 
Top prize in the contest w ill be an all-expense-paid trip to W ashington. 
D.C., where the regional champion w ill 

 compete for more prizes in the national spelling finals in June. The prize is provided by The News. 
Also, the first-p la c e w in n er w ill receive a beautiful Zenith stereo system being provided by the Joe Thiele Co., local distributor of Zenith products. 
Second prize is a 3o-volume set of En- cylcopedia Britannica. Third through tenth prize will consist of valuable books. 

All youngsters who compete in the bee will come away with Express-News ballpoint pens and spelling certificates designating them spelling cham ps of their schools. 

Hernandez 
Valdez 

Alvarado 
Weir 

Holland 

Farmer 

Rohlfing 

Salazar 

TOP NAME BRAND 
FURNITURE & ACCESSORIES 

 i 

DECORATOR QUALITY FURNITURE!!! 
AND ACCESSORIES 
(GUARANTEED ABSOLUTE AUCTION) 
ONE WEEK 
ONLY 
CE 

A s representatives of the participating firm s — w e of 
Am erican Auction invite you to attend this first g re at auction in San Antonio. Be assured this m agnificent stock consists of new quality furniture. W e feel you m ust see this stock to appreciate it! 

ALL STYLES 
SOFAS 

ALL SIZE 
BEDDING 

DECORATOR 
CHAIRS 

HAND PAINTED 
ART 

TABLE 
LAMPS 

More Truckloads to come... all week long! 
GUARANTEED-CERTIFIED 
COMPLETE LIQUIDATION 

 ofc* oust 

^ r n i M 
D 
I C T C 
I i n i l i n 
A 
T 
I f l M 
HOWELL 

AASSEtt 
POSITIVELY EVERY ITEM & ITEMS WE DISPLAY MUST & WILL BE SOLD sOV^ 
VWtfOt 
REGARDLESS OF PRICE. vos * ' 

RIVERSIDE 
TH|S MAGNIFICENT STOCK IS QUALITY FURNITURE-ACCESSORIES 
V 

ETAGERES 

WOOD ROCKERS 
SWIVEL ROCKERS 

DECORATOR 
MIRRORS 

SWAG 
LAMPS 

WALL 
MIRRORS 

LIVING ROOM 
TABLES 

ROOM SIZE 
RUGS 

SALES ALL OVER THE BLOCK— PIECE BY PIECE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER 
SALE STARTS SUNDAY APRIL 24,2 P.M. 
AND WILL CONTINUE EACH NIGHT AT 7:3o P.M. THROUGH FRIDAY APRIL 29 
SATURDAY APRIL 3oTH AT 2 P.M. TILL SOLD OUT 

EACH ITEM MUST AND WILL BE SOLD TO HIGHEST BIDDER 

STOCK IN EXCESS OF $4oo,ooo. 

MERCHANDISE CONSISTS OF LATEST STYLES OF FACTORY SHOWROOM 

SAMPLES, & MAJOR NAME BRANDS MFGS. FROM THROUGHOUT THE U.S. 

ALL MUST BE SOLD IN ONE WEEK 

DON’T MISS THIS ONCE-IN-A-L1FETIME EVENT 

A REQUEST AUCTION 

EVERYTHING MUST SELL, BUT YOUR REQUEST WILL BE SOLD FIRST. PLEASE 
COME EARLY AND MAKE YOUR REQUESTS. INSPECTION ONE HOUR PRIOR 

TO AUCTION. 
AUCTION ONLY 

 each and every item must be sold over the block, positively nothing will 

 be sold before or between sales. 

LIVING ROOM 
SETS 

FLOWER 
Arrangements 

BEDROOM 
GROUPS 

UNFINISHED 
FURNITURE 

ALL SALES FINAL 
NO DELIVERIES 
(You Pick-Up) 
DELIVERY SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE 
IF NEEDED FOR A FEE. 

WHAT IS AN ABSOLUTE AUCTION 
MERCHANDISE THAT IS CONTRACTED TO SELL REGARDLESS OF PRICE. THERE 
ARE NO STARTING OR MINIMUM PRICES. IN OTHER WORDS, THE MERCHAN­ 
DISE SELLS. IF YOU ARE THE LAST BIDDER, YOU OWN IT. 

NEVER BEFORE IN SAN ANTONIO HAS THERE BEEN 
AN AUCTION LIKE THIS ONE 
ODD 
PIECES 
MAKE SURE 

AUCTION WILL INCLUDE 

THE SIZE, SHAPE, COLOR, OF YOUR 
ROOMS, WE ARE SERIOUS & IF YOU GET 
I THE LAST BID, IT’S YOURS. 

DECORATOR 
QUALITY 
ALL SIZE BEDDING, BEDROOM, DINING ROOM, LIVING RM. 
GROUPS, LIVING RM. TABLE SETS, BRASS & COPPER PIECES. 
THOUSANDS O f ALL TYPE & STYLES OF MERCHANDISE. 
FAMOUS BRANDS INCLUDE «usmB 
BURLINGTON HOUSE, SINGER, MANOR HOUSE, HOWARD 
PARLOR, SOUTHLAND, HOWELL, VIRGINIA HOUSE, RIVERSIDE, 
P U LU SK I^IR T U E^A SSET ^^A A N Y JA A N T M jA O R E^^^^^^ 

SALE C O N D U C T E D BY 
DAN CURLEE’! AMERICAN FURN. AUCTION 
TXGS-77-o548 

ATTENTION PLEASE! 

This is the first All New big furniture & accessory auc­ 

 tion in San Antonio 
After the tremendous success we 

 had all over Texas. Our largest inventory ever and all 

 will be sold regardless of original wholesale or retail 

 price tag. lf you have never attended our auctions you 

 are in for a pleasant surprise 
M ost merchamdse sells 

 for a fraction of what you would pay at a regular 

 furniture store. 

ADMISSION 
ALWAYS FREE! 
DEALERS ARE WELCOME 

TERMS: CASH OR CHECK, 
BANKAMERICARD OR MASTER CHARGE 

At least 1 o % Deposit on night of sale balance on pickups 

) 
Snow 

 m v 
: 

 r l w r r i f t 

* oi" 
7CoM 
*° 
\\\W 

S h o w n 
Stationary D eck m u u 

Figures show high 

 te m p e r a t u r e s for area 

N A T I O N A L WEATHER SERVICE. 

N O A A 
U S 
D e p t of Comme rc e 

SAN ANTONIO 
PRECIPITATION 
1977 
197* 
Av*. 
Rec 
Jan 
3.1o 
OM 
1.76 
8.32 
Feb 
o.91 
o.13 
1.6S 
7.88 
Mar 
o 88 
1.2o 
1.67 
4.19 
1976 
1975 
Ave. 
Rec 
Apt 
8.41 
5.67 
J. 28 l l 64 
MOV 
5 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o/ 
J un 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
J u ly 
5.39 
o 44 
I 69 
8 18 
A ug 
2 o9 
I 22 
I 36 l l 14 
Sept 
3.79 
o 51 
4.59 
15 78 
O d 
8 48 
2 25 
I 3o 
9 56 

N O V 
2 46 
o.o3 
1.37 
6 79 
Dec 
I 95 
1.48 
I 75 
6 22 

NORTHEAST 
Boston 
46 
51 
.56 
Buffalo 
44 
45 
1.61 
Cleveland 
44 
63 
.52 
Columbus 
57 
68 
.39 
New York City 56 
85 
.oo 
Philadelphia 
68 
85 
OO 
Pittsburgh 
- 
_ 
Portland, Me, 
45 
49 
.7o 
Washington 
68 
SO 
.oo 

FOREIGN 
(Based on observations taken at 6 a m. Saturday San Antonio tim e. Tem peratures are in Fah­ renheit (left) and Centigrade.) 

TEXAS W EATHER 

Forecast 

City 
Tem porture 

Sun. 
Mon. 

45-75 
45 75 
Amarillo 

Austin 

 lore d o 

F air, m ild 
55-8o 
55-8o 
M ild, cloudy 
55-82 
55-8o 
Cloudy, m ild 
Corpus Christi 
55-8o 55-82 
M ild, cloudy 
Victoria 
55-8o 55 8o 
Cloudy, m ild 
Dallas-Fort Worth 
52-8o 52-8o 
Fair, m ild 
McAllen-Brownsville 
6o-82 6o-8o 
M ild, cloudy 
Houston 
52-78 52-8o 
M ild, Cloudy 

Far. 
Cent. 

Peking 
Rome 
Soigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
Stockholm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 

Tel Aviv 
64 18 
Tokyo 
66 19 
Tunis 
73 23 
Vienna 
61 16 
Warsaw 
SS 13 
SOUTH AM ERICA 

Asuncion 
68 2o 
Buenos Aires 
59 15, 
Lim a 
66 19 
Montevideo 
61 16 
Rio De Janeiro 
75 24 

M EXICO 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p ­ p ear in both F a h re n h e it and 
Celsius. Fahrenheit is listed firs t in each column.) 
Acapulco ....... 73/23 
88/31 
Guadalajara ...53/12 
86 3o 
Mazatlan ........... 62/17 
86/3o 
Mexico City . . . . 5o/1o 
73/23 
M onterrey ......... 59/15 
82/28 

GLASS TINTING 

For H om e & Car A t 
SoLAR-X 

CALL 349-6 469 

S O 
B R I N O 
’ S 
■ n i l E n l 
51r o c e Troy 
PLAZA 
SOOPERS 

11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

C O R N E R of Naco Perrin and Perrin Bedel 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
EVERY DAY 

LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 
DISCOVER THE DIFFERENCE ... USDA CHOICE “PS" BEEF 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

CORNER of WURZBACH & EVERS 

OPEN 24 HOURS 
EVERY DAY 

PRICES G O O D THRU TUESDAY, APRIL 26th 

7243 BLANCO ROAD 

MONDAY thru SATURDAY 8 a m. to 9 p m. 

SUNDAYS 9 a rn to 8 p.m. 

CALIFORNIA ICEBERG 

Russet Potatoes usn*’ 
8-Lb. 
Bag 79* 

4*% ■ 
I 
___ ■ __ __ 
Fresh, Luscious 
Strawberries sass 
Pint 
Ctn. 49* 
Artichokes cariform. 
5 
For 
I 
Navel Oranges ram 
A■ 
Lbs. * 1 
Egg Plant F,eshFio,ida 
Each 39* 

61?;?- *138 
6 

B O Z. 
$ 
1 
Cans 
I 
99 * 
49* 
79* 
49* 

Contadina 

Holiday 

Coca Cola Plus Deposit 
Tomato Sauce 
Paper Plates 
Saltine Crackers 

 o h 
_ a m a 
Cheese, Sausage. 
Totino’s Pizza s s 
Cottage Cheese W 

COMPLETE IN-STORE HOT BAKERY! 

Keebler 
Zesta 

Pkg. of 1oo 

13-Oz. 
Ctn. 

12-Oz. 
Ctn. 

8*lnch Assorted 
CREAM 
PIES 
EACH 
French BreadFreshBaked 
3i£»*1 
[Choc. Chip Cookies 3 o fO*1 

DECORATED CAKES MADE TO ORDER FOR EVERY OCCASION' 

YOUR PLACE IN 
THE SUN. 

. . . a pool by Gary, and knowing you have all the joys of life, A sense of well-being. 
Isn’t that what you’ve wanted. Always. 
Fun • Relaxation • Pride. And confidence in your investment. Call us. 
Our understanding, experience, know-how and performance are all yours. 

Take it from Gary: 
THE POOL PEOPLE. 

SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN & DALLAS 
111 N.E. Loop 41o 
San Antonio, Texas 
341-3331 

H A W A II 
M a y 25th 
8 Days 
7 Nights 

$ 4 1 5 o o 

• 7 nights accommodations at Marina 
Hotel 
• Roundtrip airfare from San Antonio 
• Lei Greeting 
• Round Trip Transfers 
• Baggage handling 
• Get together breakfast and briefing 
• City Sightseeing Tour 
• All Taxes. 

SHERATON WAIKIKI HOTEL AVAILABLE 
AT A SUPPLEMENT OF $131.oo PER PERSON 

AIR FARE only Available $327.oo from San Antonio 

Call or W rite for more information 
512 - 828-5629 
Safariw orld Travel 
* 9oo JS.E. Loop 41o, 
Son Antonio, Texas 782o9 

USDA CHOICE 
PERSONALLY SELECTED 
USDA CHOICE 
PERSONALLY SELECTED 
USDA CHOICE 
PERSONALLY SELECTED 
BONELESS 
CHUCK 
ROAST 
CHUCK 
CHUCK ROAST 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 
STEAK 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENC 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

LB . 

WHOLE CRY-O-VAC 
WRAPPED 
BONELESS 
BRISKET 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

Cube Steaks 
Fresh 
Lean 
Round Steak ssar 
Selected 
Sirloin Steak Personally 
Selected 
T-Bone Steak Personally 
Pork Chops 

USDA 
GRADE“ A” 
WHOLE 
FRYERS 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

Selected 

Center c m 

Sliced Bacon 

Roegelein 
Signature 
Quality 

Roegelein 
All Meat Franks 
Quality 
Lunch Meats 
Smokets 
Spare Ribs 

Roegelein 
Bologna, Salami, 
Spiced Luncheon 

Roegelein 
Signature 
Quality 

Country Style 

12oz. 
Pkg. 

12-Oz. 
Pkg. 

I -L b . 
Pkg. 

12-Oz. 
Pkg. 

FRESH 
PICNIC STYLE 
PORK 
ROAST 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

QUARTER 
SLICED 
PORK 
LOIN 
ASSORTED 
PORK CHOPS 

USDA CHOICE 
PERSONALLY SELECTED 
RIB 
STEAK 
DISCOVER 
THE DIFFERENCE 

Question? 

Problem? 

Write 

A c t io n ^ 

 r x p r e s s 

 for help! 
Read your answer in the 
San Antonio Express 

EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday April 2 4 1 9 7 7 
T h o w e a th e r 

Aberdeen 
5o 
IO 
Amsterdam 
54 
12 
Ankara 
45 
o7. 
Antigua 
79 
26 
Athens 
68 
2o 
Auckland 
54 
12 
Berlin 
57 
14 
Beirut 
63 
17 
Birm ingham 
54 
12 
Bonn 
55 
13 
Brussels 
54 
12 
Cairo 
7o 
21 
Casablanca 
68 
2o 
Copenhagen 
48 o9 
Dublin 
48 
o9 
Geneva 
59 
15 
Hong Kong 
79 
26 
Lisbon 
68 
2o 
London 
55 
13 
M adrid 
75 
24 
Malta 
66 
19 
Manila 
84 
29 
Moscow 
5o 
IO 
New Delhi 
IOO 
38 
Nice 
61 
16 
Oslo 
52 l l 
Paris 
59 
15 

'-AN ANTONIO ANO V IC IN I 
TY — P u rify cloudy and mod 
Sunday through Monday 
North to northwest winds 6 to 13 m on lo w Sunday night in m id SO* 
Highs Sunday and Monday near 
8o Sun rises at 6-58 and sets at 
8 o6. New moan. Moon rises at li:3 S a rn. Tem peratures S atyr, day ranged fro m 54 to 81 de* grees. (N atio n a l W eather Ser. vice forecast.) 6 p.m. Saturday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N - T o ta l ra in fa ll fo r the 24-hour period ending at 6 p m. Saturday, none; tor the month, 8 41 inches, for th e y e a r, 13.3o in c h e s . A c ­ cum ulated d ep arture from n or­ m al fo r the m onth, plus 6 56 inches; fo r the year, plus 6.19 inches. 
NORTH TEXAS — G enerally fa ir th ro u g h S unday n ig h t 
P artly cloudy Monday. 
SOUTH 
T E X A S 
- 
P a r t l y cloudy and m ild through 
Monday. 
WEST TEXAS — Fair through 
Monday No Im portant change in temperatues. 
N A T IO N A L — Showers and occasional th u n d e rs to rm s w ill extend from the Tennessee and 
Ohio valleys eastward through the Atlantic Coastal States from 
Florida to northern Maine. Else where skies w ill be sunny or mostly sunny. Temperatures w ill be cool from the Plains through the M is s is s ip p i V a lle y a nd eastward over the Appalachians across New England. It w ill be w arm over the P a cific Coos* 
States and m ild over the inter- mountofn region and the 
Rock leer 

TEM PERATURE EXTREM ES 
Low: 21 degrees at Truckeee, 
Calif 
High: 99 degrees at Needles, 
Calif. 
M ARINE 
WINDS — Winds w ill be east to southeast at 12 m ph th ro u g h 
Sunday night. Seas w ill be near three feet. 
TIDES — P ort A ransas fo r 
Monday: High at 1o:59 a.m. Low a l 1:11 a.m . P o rt Isa b e l to r 
Monday: High at 11:58 a.m. Low at 2 a m. 

GREATER SAN ANTONIO 
San Antonio 
54 
81 
.OO 

SOUTH TEXAS 
Auttfft 
55 
8o 
OO 
Brownsville 
67 
84 
OO 
Corpus Christi 63 
83 
OO 
C Chillo 
59 
82 
OO 
Del Rio 
69 
83 
OO 
Junction 
51 
71 
.oo 
K in fs vine 
61 
87 
OO 
Victoria 
58 
82 
OO 
TEXAS 
Abilene 
45 
71 
OO 
Alpine 
46 
75 
OO 
Am arillo 
4o 
71 
OO 
Dallas 
54 
74 
.oo 
El Paso 
49 
83 
OO 
Fort Worth 
55 
73 
.oo 
Houston 
61 
78 
.oo 
Lubbock 
44 
72 
OO 
Lufkin 
SI 
76 
OO 
Son Angelo 
51 
76 
.oo 
Waco 
53 
76 
OO 
SOUTHWEST 
Denver 
37 
72 
OO 
Honolulu 
68 
8o 
OO 
Los Angeles 
57 
85 
.oo 
Las Vegas 
54 
94 
OO 
Phoenix 
71 
96 
.oo 
Salt Lake City 44 
83 
OO 
San Diego 
55 
75 
OO 
SOUTH CENTRAL 
Kansas City 
5o 
7! 
.oo 
Louisville 
58 
67 
.o7 
Memphis 
59 
74 
1.o8 
Oklahoma City SO 
7o 
OO 
SI. Louts 
SO 
53 
,oo 
Wichita 
52 
7o 
.OC 
SOUTHEAST 
Ailanto 
61 
78 
.13 
B irm ingham 
65 
78 
.43 
Charleston 
68 
81 
OO 
Jacksonville 
68 
78 
IOO 
New Orleans 
65 
79 
OO 
Raleigh 
6o 
79 
.oo 
Richmond 
65 
84 
.oo 
Tampa 
7o 
78 
.o9 
NORTHWEST 
Bism arck 
38 
62 
.oo 
Boise 
51 
88 
.oo 
Casper 
32 
71 
.oo 
Helena 
34 
68 
OO 
Portland, Ore. 45 
76 
.oo 
Rapid City 
44 
76 
.oo 
San Francisco 49 
73 
OO 
Seattle 
51 
72 
.oo 
Spokane 
SO 
87 
oo 
NORTH CENTRAL 
Chicago 
48 
62 
.oo 
Detroit 
48 
5o 
1.34 
Duluth 
35 
61 
.oo 
Indianapolis 
53 
58 
.o5 
Milwaukee 
4o 
61 
.oo 
Minn-St. Paul 
47 
73 
.oo 
Omaha 
43 
79 
.oo 
Sit. Ste. Marie 33 
63 
.oo 

SPECIAL OFFER 
OHLY ITS. ™ 

II) QT. FO* M i VS FU* Nim IRF RtHNHHtR 
•titty cm®res furniture tm «h without dripping vending or cunning enough lo rehntch the average 4 drawer cheet or kitchen table 
(I) I OZ. TUNG OH VARNISH - C l OSS I US TIF the lined wood notch available a sealer and precervattve lo r wood, metal or concrete. I trough to finish the average bedroom torte. 
(D H OI. U M O H OU FUR N iTU if TW A IM fN T 
Pipcenattve that twinge out natural luetre without war or ultconec Pene- tratec wood and prevents It (rom drying out Melpt prevent ftnieh from c h e r lung and deteriorating. Clean furniture with Furniture Cleaner Bret. 

(1) IS OZ. FU*hlTURI CIF ANF* use to remove the old polish and wax build-up bom furniture tan be applied with a clean cloth or a piece at High Q uality/fxtra Fine steel wool I nough to clean an average bedroom cutie. 
(2) FUGS. HIGH Q UAUTV/IXT*A FINI STIFF W O O l e x tre m e ly fine. n ill not mat or scratch finishes use with refinisher furniture cleaner and stains, tach package contains * pads of steel wool. 
(I) RFFtNISHING FAN 
(1) CMF MIC A l RISISTANT 
ANO MUSH 
G lO V t 
(I) HI AVV DUTY PIASTIC 
(I) C O M n iT I INSTRUCTION 
DROP CIOTH 
BOOklFT 

AVAILABLE AT 

DO-IT-YOURSELF 
HOME CEN TER ! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

IO A.M. TO 7 P.M. TO SELL ALL MERCHANDISE 

Yr MR. 
.COFFEE 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Tomato & 
Pepper 
Plants 
Six-pack 

 large & 
Healthy 37 
< 

LIQUID 
EDGER 

I GAL. 

• o*1 w ont * O O '*****4 
* t»QUN» 
•earn oii»M 

BAYER 
ASPIRIN 

2oo's 

399 
I 39 

HALO 16-OZ. 
SHAMPOO 

AN O TH ER .. 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

Fred 
Roberts 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Coffee Mugs 

Attractive, decorative and colorful mugs in a wide assortment of styles, pat­ terns and colors 
REG. 1.49 to 1.79 

WHILE QUANTITIESEA ST. . .HURRY! 

.ANOTHER. .. 

A N O T H ER . . 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

M e n s 
1oo% Polyester 
Dress 
Slacks 

..I n u l o o *»l I d m * , t in t ! * l; green, beige and gray 
Waist sizes 29 to 42 

ONLY 
SS 

Reg. 1o.97 

ARRID 

EXTRA DRY 
ANTIPERSPIRANT 

 w 
8 o 2 
O R Y * 
M 
89* 

LIMIT 2 

PEPSODENT 
M 
TOOTH BRUSHES 4 FOR 

BOYS' 
U L DUDE 
JEANS by DICKIES 
311o 

Reg. 5.47 

OO 

DOUBLE YOUR S A V IN G S 

EVERY WEDNESDAY IS 
DOUBLE 
COUPON 

DAY AT GIBSON S 

BRING YOUR COUPONS TO GIBSON S ON 
W EDNESDAY AND WE WILL GIVE YOU 
TWICE THE VALUE OFF OUR EVERYDAY 
LOW PRICE! 

Tim offer it g o o d on m anufacturer's coupon* only C ig ­ arette coupon* ore excluded. "Fre e "' coupon* redeem a­ ble at face value only. 

I 
I 
I 

DR. SCHOLL'S 
AIR PILLO 
INSOLES 

PERFORATED 
AIR VENTILATED 
*88 

 i 

< 

SPIC 'n 
SPAN 54 oz 
19 

A N O T H ER . . . 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

Decorative 
Table 
Lamps 

31 and 36 tall table lamps with handsome shades and ceramic bases 
An attractive accent for any home 

REG. 27.95 & 45.95 

N o DL I SGO - 36 t a i 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

ROSES 

Array of beautiful roses in 
One Gallon 
Containers 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

WHILE QUANTITIES LA S T. . . HURRY!! 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

M- 

 ban 

REGULAR 
Ban 
ROLL-ON 
DEODORANT 
1-OZ. 

REG. 89 

Faberge 
Tigress 
Cologne 

5-OZ. BTL. 
2/1OO 

WHILE QUANTITIES LA S T . . HURRY!! 

A N O T H E R ... 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

 w h il e Q u a n t it i e s l a s t . . . h u r r y .'! * 

A N O T H E R . . . 
SPECIAL PURCHASE 

Bic 
Shaver 

Blade and handle in one. Bonded with a premium blade. 

Lady 
Vanity 
Slow 
Cooker 

Slow cookers have slight surface blemishes. 
Fully warranted. 
697 

WHILE QUANTITIES LAST . . . HURRY!! 
WHILE QUANTITIES LAST . . . HURRY!! 
W HILE Q U AN TITIES LAST . 
HURRY!! 
WHILE QUANTITIES LAST . . . HURRY!! 
COUPONS GOOD SUNDAY ONLY 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
Ll 

GIBSON COUPON: 
• — 
--------------- 

SUPER DRY 
SURI SPRAY DEODORANT 
8 OZ. — Reg., Unsc. 

8 8 * 
LIMIT 2 

GIBSON COUPON: 
IRA 
LIQUID 
LAUNDRY DETERGENT 
64-OZ. KING SIZE 
I 66 

LIMIT I 

/ 
Selected 
Group 

PANTY HOSE 
5*$ 1 
I 
Y. 

GIBSON COUPON: 
^GIBSON COUPON: 

ARKANSAS 
CHARCOAL 
WITH HICKORY 
1o-LB. BAG 
88 

GRO-TEX 
LAWN FOOD 
12- 6-6 
5o-lb. 

I 
I 
I 
I i 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Heroin pushers enlist children 

Boys are recruited to deal 
$7o bags 

NEW YOUK TIMES SERVICE 
NEW YORK — He is 15 years old, has a $12,ooo Mercedes, a woman on each arm and $5oo in a pocket of his tailor-made suit, and refers to life as 
“ nothing but a party.” 
Call him Peter Brown. Central Har­ lem has been his promised land. A few years ago, a friend, neighbor or ac­ quaintance told Peter he could make a lot of money simply by giving a few glassine envelopes to the right people. 
Peter followed his orders well and was soon earning $5oo a week. Thou­ sands of dollars richer and years wiser, Peter plans to retire at 16 — an age when he becomes liable to the full punishment of the law as an adult. 
Peter is one of thousands of Harlem boys and girls aged 9 to 16 who make a living — not always as good as Peter’s 
— by carrying glassine envelopes of heroin for adult narcotics dealers, according to Sterling Johnson, the New 
York City special narcotics prosecutor. 

The other day an 11-year-old boy w ho the police said was dealing in heroin on 
West 115th Street in Harlem was a r­ rested along with an 18-year-old al­ leged accom plice. The police seized about two pounds of heroin and $1,4oo in cash. 
The 18-year-old, Ronald C heribin was arraigned in Manhattan Criminal 
Court and released on $5,ooo bail — posted by a girlfriend who appeared in court with the money in a brown paper bag. The 11-year-old was released in his m other’s custody. 
Since the passage of the so-called 
R ockefeller drug law in New York 
State in 1973 mandating life sentences for adult drug pushers, the police say more adolescents have been used to transfer or sell addicting hard drugs. 
Of 5,414 drug-related arrests from 
December 1976 to March 1977 under 
Operation Drugs, a task force concen­ trating on the drug trafficking in Cen­ tral Harlem, 97 were of youths under the age of 16 and 243 were of youths under 18. 
However, a police spokesman said, within the last two months the number of arrests for youths under 16 has in­ creased more than arrests of any of the other age groups. 
Drug center 
The youths, commonly referred to as 
“ holders,” generally operate in the vicinity of Eighth Avenue from 11oth 
Street to 147th Street — an area that includes what narcotics officials have called the major distribution center for 

“ h a rd ” ’ drugs in the m etropolitan area. 
Bright, trustworthy a n d .often des­ perate, these holders are most often recruited for street dealing by older youths or adults in the community who appeal to their desire for quick money. 
As long as they can count money, be trusted and display street wisdom, they usually are accepted and briefed on the operation. 

The youngster is told that he will receive a consignment of 5o to IOO glassine envelopes, each containing a quarter of an ounce of heroin, which sells for $5o to $7o a bag on the street. 
The dealer wants $35 a bag, and an­ ything above that is the holder’s profit. 

M ■ | | -r- 's <■ 

At 
13, 
Janet was making 
$15o daily 

NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE 
NEW YORK - When she was 15 years old, Janet P. was arrested for selling drugs on the street of Harlem. 
At the tim e, she had $9oo and three glassine envelopes of heroin. 
Janet, one of four children in a family that tried unsuccessfully to get off welfare, said she “took to the streets” to help make things easier at home. 
Today she is 2o and a high-school dropout, and she dreams only of open­ ing her own carpentry shop. She works when and wherever she can. 
In a park across from the Lower 
E ast Side apartm ent she occupies, 
Janet talked about her former life as an adolescent drug dealer. 
Cutting dope 
“ I started cutting dope on the kit­ chen table of my fam ily’s apartm ent when I was 13.1 was getting $15o a day, so I stopped going to school. 
“ The same man who had me cutting 

 dope for him asked if I’d like to work the streets. In no time I was making 
$5oo to $6oo a day selling dope. If your stuff is good, the junkies will follow you home to get it. 
“ This guy I was working for liked the way I was dealing, so he made me a lieutenant. I was 14. 
“ I had to give out consignm ent to five or six other kids who report to me with the money. And I gave it to the man. 
“ Was it dangerous? Yeah. The big­ gest danger was being taken off by som e junkie. They had som e guys coming from Jersey stealing our stuff. 
T h a t’s when my man gave m e a 
.38-caliber revolver to protect myself. 
Peppermint stash 

“ I rem em ber one tim e this junkie tried to take me off and I had my stash hidden under some pepperm int balls in a paper bag. This guy looked in the bag, saw peppermint candy and says, 
‘I thought you had some dope.” 
“ I was spending my money to help my family. Mom didn’t care if I ever w ent back to school, so long as I brought in the money. 
“ I got her a washing machine, bought clothes for my siste rs and brothers. 
“ But I had to be in by I a.m. so I worked all day. 
“ The turning point was when I got busted. I had just bought m yself a whole new outfit and had a heavy date. 
Cops followed m e into this b a r, 

W .;; 

Announcing: A C om pany-W ide Saie-a-bration! 
TO MARK THE 
RAND OPENING of our Permanent Store Location in WONDERLAND 
OVER $5oo,ooo IN DIAMONDS AND 14K GOLD 
ENTIRE STOCK REDUCED BELOW REGULAR RETAIL PRICES 

I 

X 
X IX 
REGISTER FOR FREE DIAMOND RING—NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

. A 

A 

'Bl '' .7 - 

ONE CARAT 

Sugg. Keg. $699 
NOW 399 
1.5o CARATS 

Sugg. Reg. $13oo NOW * 8 9 9 

ENTIRE STOCK OF 
LOOSE DIAMONDS 
REDUCED 
1o EJ bib 

2 CARATS tim NOW 799 
3.58 CARATS 

Sugg. 
$jioo 
NOW 

ONE CARAT 
MARQUISE SOLITAIRE 

Sugg. Reg. $12oo 
NOW * 7 9 9 

2 CARATS 

S.**!.*. *1oo 
NOW *799 

* 1 7 9 5 

ONE CARAT 
Sugg. Rag. $12oo 
NOW 799 

GENUINE 
SAPPHIRE & DIAMOND 
. . . . 
DIAMOND PENDANT 
Sugg.Reg. $2oo 
NOW 239 
,.aA 
Sugg. tug. $5oo 
NOW 329 

IH I 
5 CARATS 
___ 
GENT S RING 
UM. 11 TOC 
GENT S DIAMOND 
Sugg.leg. $24oo NOW 1795 
INITIAL RING 

Sugg. Reg. $3oo 
NOW 159 

Mothers 
Rings 
Beautiful 
Selection 
ORDER NOW! 

2o% OFF 
ALL DIAM OND WATCHES 

14K GOLD 
DIAMOND EARRINGS | 
INITIAL RING «•* 
CARAT TW 
NOW 

Sugg. Reg. $399 
* 2 9 9 
Sugg. Reg. $5oo 
* 2 9 5 

CARAT 
WEIGHT 
CUT 
SUGGESTED 
RETAIL 

Va Carat 
Round 
$ 2oo 

Vi Carat 
Round 
$ 2 5o 
Vi Carat 
Round 
$ 4 5 o 

Vt Carat 
Marquise 
$ 475 

Vi Carat 
Oval 
$ 475 

Vi Carat 
Pear 
$ 4 7 5 

Va Carat 
Round 
$ 7 99 

I .OO Carat 
Marquise 
$ 1 o o o 

I .OO Carat 
Oval 
*1495 

I .OO Carat 
Round 
$ 1 1 o o 

1.o3 acarat 
Round 
$ 1 5 o o 

1.o4 Carat 
Round 
$ 1 4 o o 

1.o7 Carat 
Pear 
$ 1 4 o o 

1.o9 Carat 
Round 
$2 1 9 5 

1.11 Carat 
Round 
$ 1 2 o o 

1.16 Carat 
Round 
$1795 

1.25 Carat 
Round 
$ 1 8 9 5 

1.35 Carat 
Round 
‘ 18oo 

1.51 Carat 
Pear 
$1 8 9 5 

1.57 Carat 
Oval 
$1 8 9 5 

1.75 Carat 
Heart Shape 
$ 2 9 o o 

1.99 Carat 
Pear 
$ 4 5 o o 

2.23 Carat 
Pear 
$ 3 6 o o 

SALE 
PRICE 
* 125 s 169 
$ 275 
* 295 
$ 295 
* 295 s 549 
* 699 
$ 995 
* 799 
* 995 
1 995 
* 995 
*1695 
* 899 
*1295 
*1395 
*1295 
*1395 
*1395* 
*2295 
*3895 
*2899 

-41 , 
- I E 

GOLD COIN JEWELRY 
SPECIAL 

14K GOLD 
HAMMERED EARRINGS 

S w H 
$225 
NOW * 1 6 9 ” 

14K 
GOLD ROPE 
COIN FRAME 
For 
U.S. $2o Gold Piece or $5o Peso 
Gold Piece 
Coin Extra 
145 

H K Gold 
Rope Chain 

24" Length 
*149 

14K GOLD 
POLISHED HOOPS 

Sugg. Reg. $149 
NOW 
1 o 9 

 rn 
14K GOLD 
HAMMERED EARRINGS 

Sugg. Reg. $169 
NOW * 

LADIES' DIA. DANGLE 
INITIAL RING 

Sugg. Reg. $13o 
NOW * 7 9 ” 

3111'Nacogdoches Rd 
656-1543 

O PEN A 
CONVENIENT 
CHARGE ACCOUNT 

San Antonio's Fastest Growing Jewelers • Now Three Convenient Locations to Serve You 
Wonderland Mall 
* £ AS ? e.*L~\ 
Sears Plaza Southside 
732-9621 

WE ACCEPT 
ALL M AJOR 
CREDIT CARDS 
923-43o1 

V ", I I 

 rn 

 searched me, found the dope and the money and took me down to the 23rd 
Precinct. 
“ They m ade me strip off all my clothes. This black cop kept saying he hoped they locked me up forever. But this white cop said he would get me off since it was a first offense. 
“ I sat on a wooden block in a cell and cried all night. I prom ised-the Lord that if I got off this time. I’d never go back to selling dope again.” 
She kept that promise. After the po­ lice officer got her off, she recalled, he asked hor for $1oo to pay the district attorney and $5o for himself. 
“ He could have had the whole $9oo for all I cared. I was so happy to be out of there.” 
S.A. student wins SWT essay contest 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
SAN 
MARCOS 
- 
Southwest Texas State 
University junior Sandy 
Moczygemba of San An­ tonio has been named the w inner of SWT’s first ever “Successful Living” writing contest. 
M iss 
M oczygem ba, daughter of CWO Nortert 
W. and Eleanor J. Moc­ zygemba of 5638 Clear- d rift in San A ntonio, wrote about truth and life and love in her $5oo first prize winning column. 
F inanced by 
SWT alumnus Fred Adams of 
Austin, the contest was designed to provoke thought concerning the moral, spiritual and eth­ ical dim ensions neces­ sary for successful living. 
Winners were selected from writers w hose work appeared in the 
S uccessful 
Living 
Column of SWT’s student newspaper, the Universi­ ty Star. 
M iss M oczygem ba’s entry was published in the Feb. 3 issue of the 
Star. 

SA N D Y 
M O C Z Y G E M B A 

The essay explains that through a friend, she learned the true meaning of love, and that know­ ledge has changed her life. 
A com m unity health education major with a home economics minor, she plans to work for a 
Christian organization in 
Appalachia upon graduation. 
Harlandale to honor school leader at fete 

The H arlandale com ­ munity will honor school d istric t Supt. C harles 
Boggess w ith an a p ­ preciation banquet at 7:3o p.m. May 5 in the VFW 
Post 9186 Hall. 
Speakers will include 
Caille Smith, Texas State 
Teachers Assn. executive secretary-treasurer, 
Esteban Sosa, immediate past p re sid e n t of the 
H arlan d ale 
School 
Board, and Dixie Yar- 
Back pay to women ordered 

DALLAS (AP) - U.S. 
D istrict Ju d g e R obert 
Hill has ordered the Dal­ las Independent School 
District to pay more than 
$1 million in back wages to female custodians. 

Judge Hill issued his ruling Friday requiring the DISD to pay the 336 women $1,o65,495.7o after determining they had not received equal pay for equal work. • 

Individual paym ents will vary between $29.13 and $6,267.57. 

A breakdown of the suit shows the judge ruled the 
DISD owed the women 
$925,ooo in back wages, plus $14o,ooo in te re st. 
The district was told to turn the money over to the U.S. Departm ent of 
Labor within 3o days for d istrib u tio n . However, paym ents could be delayed if the d istric t appeals the ruling. 

Robbie Collins, a DISD a d m in istra tiv e staff m em ber who helped re­ search the case, said the administration will meet soon to discuss the pos­ sibility of an aDPeal. 

 borough, president of the 
Harlandale 
Teachers 
Assn. 
The program , written by Mrs. J. B. Mullins and titled “ You’ve Come a 
Long Way, Charlie Bog­ gess,” will present little known facts about the superintendent. 
Tickets for the banquet may be purchased at the 
H arlandale ad m in istra­ tive offices or at any dis­ trict school. 

GENERAL RISNER 
Center sponsors seminar 

A pproxim ately 
6oo stu d en t lead ers from 
Central Texas will attend a one-day San Antonio youth citizenship semin­ ar Wednesday in Trinity 
University’s 
Laurie 
Auditorium. 
The sem inar is spon­ sored by the American 
Citizenship Center head­ quartered on the campus of Oklahoma C hristian 
College in 
Oklahoma 
City. 
Speakers will include 
D r. W alter H. Ju d d , form er m issionary and congressman, and Brig. 
Gen. Robinson R isner, former Vietnam POW. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 I 977 

Double decker 

RICK SNELL, 14, of Tempe, Ariz., top, is the inventor of this vertical variation on the tandem. Here Rick and friend Bob Hamill, 
I 3, show how it works. — AP Wirephoto 
Causes of cold winter being sought 

COLLEGE 
STATION 
(AP) 
- 
Preliminary data from the National Climatic Center in Ashville.* 
N.C. indicate Texans slogged through what was probably the coldest winter since at least 1941. 
The NCC says the odds for a repeat performance are “ about one chance in 2o each year over most of the state/’ 
State climatologist Dr. John Griffiths, who is also a professor of meteorology at Texas A&M Universi­ ty, said before such a blanket statement as “ This was the coldest winter in Texas since...” is made, data from the months of February and March must be received. 
Griffiths said recorded temperatures from 17 
Texas points thus far indicate a record of some kind is in the offing. 
An A&M staff member, Glenn Lubiens, interpret­ ed some of the NCC’s preliminary figures that show 
Texans endured the coldest November through Jan­ uary since 1941; even beating the winter of 1972-73 by a .8 average temperature. 
44-degree average 
During those months, the figures show Texas averaged a chilly 44 degrees. 
Griffiths said his office is likewise concerned with applying the NCC’s information toward an on-going study of possible weather prediction. 
“ That’s really what it’s (weather prediction) all about, our aim or goal,” said Griffiths. "There is little doubt among climatologists that movement of the jet stream was most likely the cause of the bad weather (last winter). But right now. we have no reason to suppose that because the jet stream al­ tered its position last winter that it will move again and we will have another bad winter next time.” 
Water 
Griffiths said considerable study is being given to patterns of surface temperatures in the Atlantic and 
Pacific Oceans and in the Gulf of Mexico. He said some data dating back 25 years indicates the surface temperatures of the water bodies affect the jet stream movements, which in turn, affect the weather. 
“ What we want to do is get the data (temperatures recorded by weather watchers around Texas and mailed to the the NCC) and see how cold it was overall,” he said. “ Then, we will take a look and see what the surface temperature of the Gulf was during those months.” 
Griffiths estimated the intial study, once the tem­ perature data arrives in June, would take about 18 months to complete. He said such a method of predicting weather would not be IOO per cent accur­ ate. However, he pointed out the possible weather picture predicted “ a few months in advance” would be an invaluable aid to Texas farmers. 
CONGRESS 
ROLL CALL 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
WASHINGTON - Here are the votes of area m embers of Congress on key roll calls for the week ending April 22. 
Senate 

Business tax credits. B v a 2o-74 vo te, the S en a te rejected President C arter's reauest to elim inate special tax breaks for businesses from the tax portion of the ad m inistratio n's econom ic stim ulus package. 

Citing recent evidence of im p ro v e d e co n o m ic c o n d itio n s , 
C a r te r had p revio u sly w ith d raw n his proposal for special busi­ ness tax credits, as well as h is p ro p o s a l fo r a 
$5o-per-person rebate for individual taxpayers. 

As revised by the Senate 
F in a n c e C o m m itte e , the business tax credits took the fo rm of a c h o ic e betw een a hig h er in v e s t­ m ent tax c re d it on p u r ­ chases of equipm ent and a new em ploym ent tax credit for hiring addifional workers. 

Supporters of the move to jettison the b usiness tax b re a k s a rg u e d that both credits would simply enrich b u s in e s s e s w ith o u t a p ­ preciably aiding econom ic r e c o v e r y . T h e y a ls o e x ­ p re s se d doubts that the job s c r e d it w ould s p u r creation of new jobs. 

Opponenfs of elim inating the b u sin e ss tax c re d its contended that the two tax c r e d its w e r e n ee d e d to m a in ta in 
^ - “b u s in e s s con fid ence an a stim u late 

 employment. 
• 
V o tin g to e lim in a te business tax credits: None. 
• Voting not to elim inate business tax credits: Bent- sen (D ). 
• 
A n n o u n c e d a g a in s t e lim in a tin g b u sin es s credits: Tower ( R ). 

House 
Arab boycott, boycott. By a 364-43 vote, the house p assed a b ill b an n in g 
A m erican participation in the A rab boycott against 
Israel. 
The bill p ro h ib its U .S. firm s from refusing to do b u sin ess w ith Is r a e l, or w ith 
A m e r ic a n firm s b la c k lis te d by the A ra b states, as a condition for trading with A rab nations. 
Su p p o rters a rg u ed that 
A m erican com pliance with the boycott as a condition fo r tra d in g w ith 
A ra b s ta te s a llo w e d fo re ig n g o v e rn m e n ts to fo rce 
A m e r ic a n s to v io la te p rin c ip le s of n a tio n a l sovereignty and free trade. 
Most opponents charged that the bill could lead to re d u c e d A r a b - A m e r icon trade and loss of jobs for 
U .S. w o rk e rs as w ell as endanger peace prospects in the M iddle E a s t by an­ ta g o n iz in g 
A ra b governm ents. 
• 
Voting for anti-boycott bill: Krueger (D ). 
• 
V oting a g a in s t anti- boycott bill: Gonzalez (o ), 
Kazen 
(D). congressional quarterly 

FURNITURE AND ACCESSORIES 

Floor sample savings from our stock of famous brand home furnishings 

 now reduced to clear! Limited quantities ...all items subject to prior sale. 

Save $15o.oo! 2-pc. transitional styled sectional covered in a durable Herculon® fabric in shades of beige and white. Seat and back cushions are fully reversible for added comfort and durability. 
3 only. Downtown and Big M City. Orig. $499.95 ...... $349.95 

Save Big! Decorative portable hostess serving cart imported from 
Italy. Inlaid no-mar top and gold finish trim, bottle storage and tray space on bottom. 6 only. All 4 stores................................... $69.88 

Save $15.o7! V an ity stools have white wrought iton legs accented with gold and round button tufted seats in moss green or champaign beige velvet. 19 only. All 4 stores. Orig. $29.95............... $14.88 

Save $35o.o7! Henredon Capri ll mobile server with folding top and spacious storage behind the 2 doors. Finished in off white with green trim. I only at North Star. Orig. $649.95 ........... $299.88 

Reduced 2 5 % ! Stanley youth group in a French Provencal corre­ lated style has a soft green finish accented with white. Many pieces to choose from. Downtown only.......................................... 2 5 % o ff 

Save $6o.o7! Floor sofa in an up-to-date Navajo print on natural 
Hatian cotton. Set consists of an extra large base pillow, 2 back pil­ lows and 2 matching toss pillows. 

All 4 stores. Orig. $149.95 ................................................. $89.88 

Save $579.67! Parsons design 9-pc. curved modular sectional covered in a hand quilted cotton print as fresh as spring. For added durability all cushions are fully reversible. I only, Downtown. Reg. 
Orig. $1379.55.................................................................. $799.88 

Save 5 o % ! Etagere from Henredon s artefacts collection. Ideal for books or curios, perfect for living room, den or study in an off white ironstone finish with Vs" adjustable plate glass shelves. I only at North Star. Orig. $535.oo ........................................... $ 267 .5o 

Save $5o.o7! 5-pc. dinette by Contempo. Pedestal base table with 
4 smart swivel pedestal chairs. Choice of two colors— butcher block design top with brown vinyl chairs in bronze finish, or antique white top with gold vinyl chairs with a white finish. All stores. 
Orig. $229.95 ................................................................... $179.88 

Ja v e $8o.o7! Stearns & Foster full size sleeper-sofa in transi­ tional styling has an innerspring mattress and is covered in a heavy carefree Herculon® plaid fabric in shades of rust, beige and gold. At home in living room or ideal den piece. 
All stores. Orig. $369.95 ................................................. $289.88 

Save $11o.o7! Queen size sleeper-sofa and matching loveseat are covered in a durable Herrulon* fabric in neutral shades of beige and brown. Sleeper contains a queen size foam mattress; loveseat gives additional seating room. Ideal for corner arrangements. Not at 
North Star. 2-pc. set, Orig. $499.95 .............................. $389.88 

Save $5o.o7! M agnavox 19" diagonal color TV with automatic fine tuning features new fail safe, energy saving, 1oo% solid-state circuitry, automatic color leveling and big 5" oval speaker in walnut color finish high-impace plastic cabinet. 
All stores. Orig. $449.95 ................................................. $399.88 

Save $16o.o7! French Provencial style occasional chairs covered in rich velvet with reversible foam cushions and solid wood accents in fruitwood finish. Not at Big M City. Orig. $349.95 .. $189.88 

Save $149.97! 4-pc. Spanish style bedroom suite by Burlington 
House includes a 9-drawer triple dresser, mirror, 5-drawer chest and full or queen size headboard. Experience the warm earth browns of prestigious oak solids and veneers with embossed wood designs in­ viting to the touch. Not at North Star. Orig. $749.85... $599 .88 

Save $4o.o7! Highback Ranch rocker in solid pine, thick con­ toured seat, wide splat back, heavy well-braced arms with turned posts. All stores. Orig. $129.95 ......................................... $89.88 

Save $296.12! Thayer Coggin ultra modern sofa in fine quality geometric print velvet with reversible seat cushions and chrome arm trim . . . so stunning! 
North Star and Broadway only. Orig. $995.oo ............. $699 .88 

1 5 % off on area rugs in a wide selection of smart contemporary designs, Orientals and bold Indian motifs. Your choice of styles, col­ ors and designs. Sizes: 3'x5'( 4'x6' and 6'x9'. All stores. 
1 5 % o ff 

Our ow n convenient credit available plus Master 

Save $4o.o7! Victorian style high back arm rocker. Regal Vic­ torian elegance is displayed in this stately rocker of solid hardwoods with a rich mahogany finish and tapestry upholstered seat and back with beautifully turned arms v-hich gracefully enhance this heirloom of tomorrow. All stores. Orig. $129.95 ............................. $89.88 

Save $1oo.o7 to $13o.o7! Our remaining stock of Perfection occasional chairs plush, comfortable and luxurious, all with kiln dried frames and 8-way hand-tied springs covered in fine quality velvets with reversible seat cushions and kick pleat skirts. All stores. 
Orig. $199.95 to $229.95 .............................. 
$99.88 

Save up to 7 o % on odd dining room chairs. Many are one-of-a- kind from a large selection of styles and finishes to be sold as is at our Downtown store only..................................... S a v e up to 7 o % 

2 o % to 5 o % off on occasional tables from famous Lane, Bassett, 
Gordon, Henredon and Rowe. Many styles and finishes including chrome and glass. Ail stores ............................. 2 o % to 5 o % o ff 

Save $2oo.o7! American of Martinsville roll top server in oak with a pecan finish. Black mar-resistant serving surface. Roomy lock­ ing storage base. Not at Big M City. Orig. $549.95 ...... $349.88 

Save $5o.o7! 
Colonial style storage chifferobe with 2 doors con­ cealing roomy hanging compartment; 2 drawers below and open bookcase above. All stores. Orig. $199.95 
............... $ 149 .88 

Save $2o.o7! 
Upright bookcase in modern style with walnut color finish features 
5-shelves of which 2 are adjustable and deep enough for stereo equipment or portable TV. Use in multiples to cover an entire wall. All stores. Orig. $89.95 ................................... $69.88 

Save $3o6.12! Henredon rural French style square commode from the 4 Centuries Collection has a rich dark distressed finish and lots of storage behind door in base. I only, floor sample at North 
Star. Orig. $556.oo ......................................................... $ 249 .88 

Save $2oo.o7! Beautiful traditional desk by Sligh in divider de­ sign with finished back and built-in bookcase shelves features a black inlaid leather top with gold tooling, 8 easy gliding drawers— one double deep for filing. 
I only at North Star. Orig. $899.95 .............................. $699.88 

Save $35o.o7! imported rosewood decorative commode with inlay on all 3 drawers, shaped top and front. 3 only. Broadway and 
North Star stores. Orig. $599.95 ................................... $249 .88 

Save $11o.o7! Famous night racer youth bed complete with foam mattress. The kids adore them and we have a few left in stock at our Downtown store only. Orig. $199.95 .................... $89.88 

Save $15o.o7! Rural English sofa has heavy solid oak frame ac­ cented with cane. The seat and back cushions are reversible and are covered in a quality linen print, hand quilted on one side. I only at our Downtown store. Orig. $549.95 ............................... $ 399 .88 

Save $139.12! Transitional style 4-pc. bedroom suite in a warm distressed pecan finish consists of triple dresser with framed upright mirror, door chest and full or queen size decorative headboard. All stores. Orig. $539.95 ...................................................... $399 .88 

Save $88o.12! Stanley Estada 7-pc. Spanish style dining room suite features a round extension pedestal table, high back cane chairs with velvet seats, lighted china and server with marble top. I suite only at our Downtown store. Orig. $238o.oo .... $ 1 4 9 9 .8 8 

Save $1oo.o7! 6-pc. patio group is ideal for sunroom or patio. 
Covered in a lovely green and white floral vinyl with gleaming white frame, the group consists of a large settee, 2 swivel rockers on a pedestal base and 2 end tables and a cocktail table. At all 4 stores. 
Orig. $399.95 .................................................................. $299.88 

Save $25.o7! Sturdy folding rocker in modern design crafted of solid walnut with cane seat and back. A fashionable comfortable spacesaver that will complement bedroom, living room or den. Al! 4 stores. Orig. $69.95 ............................................................ $44.88 

Save $3o.o7! Tape recorder by M agnavox. Portable AC or bat­ teries (Batteries not included), solid-state, pushbutton controls of play/record, rewind, fast forward, stop and eject. Built-in condenser microphone for "no hands" control. Downtown and Big M City. Reg. 
Orig. $79.95 ........................................................................ $49.88 

Charge® and V IS A ’ (Bank Am ericard') 

Broadw ay 
98o3 Broadw ay 
. 
824-94o2 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues.. Wed., Sat. 

North Star 
San Pedro & Loop 41o 
342-2331 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed., Sat. 

Dow ntow n 
231 E. Commerce 
227 6361 
Open 1o-6 Mon. thru Sat. 

 except Thurs. Mite till 9 

Big M City 
S. New Braunfels & 
E. Southcross 534-6181 
Open 1o-9 Mon., Thurs., Fri. 
Open 1o-6 Tues., Wed. Sat. R arotkin’s m in i every boule a little asor* like b o m 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

 eweApM • CaJbaioa Skounoom/ Qhyveh 

J; blue• Selection • 

SAVINGS SO GREAT THEY REQUIRE A 

Our Reg. $6.97 

■ GOLD-FILLED "STA R" PENDANT 
Our Reg. $6.7o 
GOLD FILLED "STA R" EARRINGS 
W ith coupon 
18.79 
I 

Our Reg. $11.96 
VAN WYCK SMALL 
FRYER 
• Perfect for making indi­ vidual servings in lust a few minutes • Has a wide- mouth opening, double portion try basket, sturdy base, carrying handle and storage lid 

Lim it 1 

■ | storage 

 n 
Limit 
IL89 
I 

Our Req. $9.99 
LLOYDS 7 FUNCTION 
POCKET CALCULATOR 
• Large 8-digit digitron display * Rechaiqing circuit built-in • W ith batteries and case 

Our Reg. $2.39 
WILSON TENNIS BALLS 
• Championship heavy-duty 
• Can of 3 • Yellow 

S 
Lim it 7 rn coupoi 
Lim it 2 cans with coupon 

G.E. STEAM & DRY IRON 
• Switches from steam to dry at the push of a button • G .E. double non-stick coated soleplate helps prevent starch build-up 
Limit 1 with 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
79oo I-35 NORTH • SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78218* Ph. 654-72oo 

MON. THRU SAT. 1o A.M. TO 9 P.M. 

Avant-garde bathers buy 
Wet issues 

IO S ANGELES TIMES SERVICE 

VENICE. Calif. — Wet, the magazine of gourmet bathing, made its debut about a year ago. It may have been hard to believe then that Publisher 
Leonard Keren was really serious about an ongoing specialty magazine in what appeared to be a rather limited field. 
There is this publishing industry joke about specialty magazines: So many obscure subjects are covered by such publications that there must somewhere be a magazine called Popular Parking. 
Well. Keren's eight-page premier issue, published here, looked suspiciously like just such a joke. It was about bathing, all right, but there was a light touch to it. 
On page 2. Koren editorialized? “ Hopefully, in the great American tradition of Coca-Cola, doggie diapers and Pet Rocks. Wet will become one of those things you never imagined you needed until you find you can’t live without it." 
Then came issue No. 2. and it looked a lot more like a real magazine. It had 16 pages and a profes- sional-quality cover picture of a mud-covered nude being sprayed with water. 
Now. Koren has just published issue No. circulation 2.2(H). and ifs no joke. There are 36 pages, a two-color cover and ads for Wet T-shirts. 
And there seems tit be no dearth of material suitable for Wet’s theme. In the past year. Wet has: 
• Rated drinking waters, giving top rating to tap water in Venice and to bottle Fuiggi of Italy and 
Tehuacan of Mexico. 
• Investigated oral hygiene (mouth bathing) and toothpaste. 
• 
Interviewed an acupuncturist who used a 
Jacuzzi for hydrojet therapy. 
• Run humor columns, new product critiques, a book review , art layouts and old photos from Life magazine. 
• Infused each issue with liberal doses of whimsy. 
What next? Koren said last week that he hoped 
Wet would soon start making a profit. Although Wet has had advertising from the beginning, it hasn't had much. 
“ The business end is something that just hap­ pened recently," Koren said. “ We realized that if we're going to keep on we're going to have to put some energy into that." 
Koren said a team of volunteers w illing to work on straight commission has been educated in the basics of advertising sales and the members are hoping to increase Wet s ad revenues considerably. 
Koren hopes to appeal to “ counter-culture tech­ nologies" in addition to record companies, art supply houses and the like. 
He says the magazine has a dual audience — hard-core bathers and an avant-garde crowd that is interested in anything new. 
Wet doesn’t pay any of its contributors for mater­ ial. but Koren says the quality and quantity of offerings keep increasing. 

Seniors’ fair booth deadline Tuesday 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 

VICTORIA — Deadline is Tuesday for booth spaces available May 21-22 for citizens over 55 at the 
Victoria Community Center during the Colden 
Crescent Seniors' Fair. 
Senior citizens may display their wares at the booths if they are from the Golden Crescent area which includes -Jackson. Calhoun, Dewitt, LaVaca, 
Goliad, Victoria and Gonzales counties. 
For additional information, call Barbara Gillig, booth chairman, at (512) 575-7481 or 575-2274 in 
Victoria. 

( )ui (fpceUifcte Mf' ntu'iufi arni/a i/p Ic im ut yen ut nr rxf)u cinUie 
Furniture Co. 
Excite your decorative spirit with Intrigue" 

Rector St. opposite im. Star Mall • Open Mon. & Thurs. 'til 9 • Phone 542-9411 

SS4-9 -7 7 

Flip Side 

 of the N ew s 

Stories ring a bell 

Looking for support 

If customers dial information for the phone number of “ The Athletic 
Supporter." they should be given the number, a circuit court-has ruled. 

Michigan Bell Telephone Co. con­ tended it found the sporting goods store's name “ distasteful” and refused lo list the number with in­ formation operators. 
William Derris, owner of the 
Southfield store, sued the phone company after it refused to list his business when it opened last month. 

Berris's suit asked for up to $7o,ooo in damages for loss of business and violation of his rights under the First 
Amendment. 
A spokesman for the telephone company said he did not know if Bell would continue to oppose listing of 
Berm ’ firm. 

6o days in the booth 

Nineteen-year-old Jeff Carter, just released from the Alliance. Ohio, jail after serving a 6o-day sentence for placing long-distance telephone calls to his girlfriend and hilling them to local businesses, was back behind bars today. 
Carter was picked up again because Alliance police were puzzled by the 21 calls made to the Chicago area from a pay phone in the jail while the teenager was in their custody. 
To the latest accusation. Carter pleaded no contest, offered to make restitution and promised never to do, it again. 
But Municipal Court Judge John A. 
Thomas declined the offer, fined 
Carter SUMI and costs and sentenced him to 9o days in jail — “ And no phone privileges.” 

A SAD L O O K IN G Boxer peers through shuttered windows in a Miami apartment with a look on his face suggesting that he would rather be playing on the streets instead of shut up in the apartment. 

Rewriting the 1o4o blues 

Congressman Christopher Dodd has come up with what may be the ideal person to simplify the federal tax instructions. Ann Petry writes children’s books. 
When Dodd visited Old Saybrook recently, Mrs. Petry brought him a copy of the Internal Revenue Service instructions and suggested that they are unintelligible. 
“ I asked him if it wasn't possible to simplify the forms and instructions so that any literate person could fill out his own taxes," she said Friday. 
“ Show me," said Dodd. So Mrs. Petry is rewriting the 1o4o form instruct tions. She doesn’t plan to rewrite them all however, because she wants to delegate the work. 
* 
“ I think they should create a five-person committee, made up of three retired high school English teachers, one retired elementary school teacher* and Sylvia Porter, the syndicated financial columnist who can explain anything so that ifs understandable,” Mrs. Petry said. 
Surplus property auction is Tuesday 

The Defense Property Disposal Of­ fice at Kelly AFB will conduct a local auction sale Tuesday for surplus U.S. 
Government property located at Ft. 
Sam Houston and East Kelly. 
The property offered for sale can be inspected from 9 a m. to 3 p.m. week­ days at both installations. 
The items at Ft. Sam can be in­ spected by reporting to Bldg. 4191. 
They include desks, typewriters, calculators, books, cabinets, fans, televisions, air conditioner and re­ frigeration equipment, washers. 
Importing seminar set in Laredo 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 

LAREDO — The Institute for Inter­ national Trade of Texas A&I Universi­ ty at Laredo will sponsor a seminar and workshop on “ How to Import into the United States" this weekend. 
A Thursday workshop will familiar­ ize people with basic documents and terminology associated with passing merchandise through U.S. Customs. 
Customs officials w ill explain the use of the Consumption Entry under var­ ious conditions. Inward Cargo Man­ ifest and Shippers Export Declaration through simulations. 
The seminar. Friday and Saturday, will provide information on correct invoicing and pricing, penalties, quota merchandise, the Generalized System of Preference, food and drug requir­ ements and tariff provisions. 
For information, contact IIT ut 
722-8oo1. The workshop and seminar will bi1 at La Posada Hotel in dow ntown 
Laredo. Workshop fee is $16 and seminar fee is $5o. 

Hermann Sons meeting in Corpus 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 

CORPUS C H RISTI - The 37th 
Grand Lodge Convention of the Order of the Sons of Hermann in Texas will run Sunday through Wednesday in 
Corpus Christi. 
Some 5oo delegates are expected to participate in the business sessions. 
There are some 74,ooo members in the fraternal order. 

 dryers, tires, chairs, baby cribs, ta­ bles, mattresses, beds and shop equipment. 
To inspect the property at East 
Kelly, potential buyers should report to 
Bldg. 3o3o, Room 114. .he items in­ clude clothing and firemen’s protec­ tive equipment. 
On the day of the sale, prospective purchasers should report to Section F, 
Bldg. 3ooo, in East Kelly, where registration will begin at 8 a.m. and the sale at 9 a m. 
Parking will be provided the day of the sale at the NCO Club parking lot, with transportation and passes into the sales area furnished from 7:3o a.m. until the end of the sale. 
Further information can be secured by calling Roman Sanchez at 221-5925, 
Et. Sam Houston, or Harvey McKee, 
925-4o27. East Kelly. 
Military personnel, federal civilian employes and the general public are invited to inspect the property and participate in the sale. 
Toastm aster aw ards given 

George Alberty of San Antonio and 
Kevin Misiewiez of Austin took best speaker trophies in the Western Divi­ sion of Toastmasters International’s 
District 56 spring speech contest. 
I he contest was conducted at Onion 
Creek Country Club in Austin. 
Alberty represented the Randolph 
I oastmaster 
Club and Misiewiez represented the Get Up and Go Club. 
Ihe best evaluator trophy, winners were Clyde Harris of the Alamo City 
I oastmasters Club and Thurston 
Thompson of the Conquistadores Club 
Kelly AFB. 

Arthritis group chooses director 

The Board of Directors of the South 
Central Texas Chapter of the Arthritis 
Foundation has named Bill F. Cashion executive director. 
Cashion reports the chapter is ex­ panding its public education programs this month in the hope that many chapter residents will write for the free booklets available. 
Booklets can be obtained by writing to South Central Texas Chapter of the 
Arthritis Foundation, 8o(1o Vantage 
Drive, Room 1o8, San Antonio, Tex 
7823o or by calling 349-o171. 

P 
R 
I C 
E 
S 
$ 
o 
o 
1 
T 
H 
R 
U 
A 
W 
I 
3 
o 
,o 
7 
7 

 m 
& m 
* 

We cut the nsus ii mw BIUS! 

 w f a 
H m w m m e i! 

J ' WI SUY IN LARGE QUANTITIES. 
2 
WE DO NOT STOCK AS MANY ITEMS. THIS RE- 
• DUCES OUR LABOR COSTS. 
3 
WI CUT AND PRICE MERCHANDISE AS iT 
. COMES OFF OUR TRUCKS. THIS REDUCES OUR 
LABOR COSTS. 
4 
WK DISPLAY GROCERIES BY THE CASE AND 
• PRODUCE BY THE LUG. 
S 
WE SEARCH BOR SPECIALS AND PASS MANU- 
• PACTURER'S ALLOWANCES ALONG TO YOU. 
6 
WE SELL GROCERIES IN GREAT VOLUME. THIS 
♦ KEEPS OUR COSTS DOWN. 
7 
WE PROVIDE A COUPON EXCHANGE TABLE TO 
• HELP REDUCE YOUR COSTS. 
8 WE ASK YOU TO HELP US KEIP PRICES DOWN 
• BY CARRYING YOUR OWN GROCERIES TO 
YOUR CAR. 
S 
WE KEEP THE OVERHEAD TO THE BARE 
• MINIMUM SO WE CAN HAVE LOWER PRICES. 
W 
WE WILL HAVE LITTLE OR NO 
• ADVERTISING. 

 t ie m w t u t o n 
& 
U 
M 
® 
!t 

,€• 

P 
" 
3 
5 
2 
6 
S o u t h 

 i 
* 
? 
N e w 
B r a u n f e l s 

■ 
V 
* \ 

 vV 

'n*.. 
& 
3719 BUNCO 
ROAD 
95o BANDERA 
ROAD 

\ o 
134o 
CALLAGHAN 
2o2o AUSTIN 
HIGHWAY 

WE ACCEPT 
FOOD STAMP 
COUPONS 

3622 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
OII SO. 
W.W. WHITE RD. 

O 
O 
O 

3 -n e r f*? * ****£ 
& 

G 
R 
O 
U 
N 
D 
£ 
W 
R 
T 

 w e e 

A r ty y g / -ze g u T re s s y * u , o r a k a 'ta s /z i/tfsv I amp 

 m m s u m u e e 

£ 
C 
A 
P 

T o 
M m e s 

 g P A R e T / M e 

T JtV u e X ijt* — 
A/Agfsao aeA cte& zc 

P 
& 
A t t U 
M 

A 
U 
. P U R P O S E 

6 c u > 
R 
*e ,M i 

I A o r ] 
\ S n e 
/■ th 
2 5 t 
. 
\6c *th 

S A C ? 

 tofacie ip 

/ e x * A r c x & tt/ A / c , 

M 
/ / & 
C 
C 
A 
M 
F 
o float* I WHIP 

 e A t t f 

/ v A g fS c t? o p c x c 'e s 

C 
V 
A 
R 
? 
I 
T t X 
A e 

 a w m w 
6 e s 
£ y/o C o€ J1TW 

M o t­ 

 i v e 
8 t o w 
* 

O & N 7 o A V & A w e e * W R W u k VH oPH N6 CONKNteNCe 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S 

Sunday April 24 I 977 
Scholarships to be given 

Four students enrolled in San Antonio colleges will receive a total of $1,5oo in scholarships from the San 
Antonio Advertising Federation on Tuesday. 
The scholarships are awarded annually to students in mass communications who are outstanding in scholastic and college activities. 
The Pitluk Group funds the scholarships in the name of Jack N. Pitluk Sr., founder of the San 
Antonio based advertising agency. The ad club oversees the selection and presentations. 
Receiving the scholarships are Janice Semolic, 
University of Texas at San Antonio, $9oo; Jim 
Patton, St. Mary’s University, $2oo; Ellen Shuey, 
Trinity University, $2oo, and Ivan Rodriguez, UTSA, 
$2oo. 
Julius Germane, president of the ad club, said the selection committee included Dr. Pat Burr of UTSA, 
Prof. Bob Hawi of St. Mary’s and Dr Richard Burr of Trinity. Debbie Bolner headed the scholarship committee for the ad club. 
Checks and plaques will he presented to the winners at a noon luncheon at Arden Grove. Reser-’ cations may be made through the San Antonio 
Advertising Federation office, 923*2o-49. 
Krueger will be speaker at dinner 

U.S. Rep. Bob Krueger will speak at a B ’nai B'rith 
Youth Services fund raising dinner honoring banker 
Richard A. Calvert. 
The $6o a plate dinner will be at 6:3o p.m. May 5 at the Turtle Creek Country Club. 
Jack J. Switzer, national chairman of the B ’nai 
B ’rith Foundation, will present the Humanitarian 
Award to Calvert, chairman of the National Bank of 
Commerce. 
The dinner will benefit B ’nai B'rith Youth 
Organization, and chairman of the dinner is Martin 
Goland, president of Southwest Research Assn. 
The dinner’s co-chairman is Charles Orsinger, president of Orsinger Buick of San Antonio. 
Texas junior miss to leave for finals 

Texas Junior Miss Christi Bueche will leave 
International Airport Wednesday for the 1977 Na­ tional Junior Miss Finals in Mobile. Ala. 
A senior honor student at New Braunfels High 
School, Miss Bueche was selected as the state Junior 
Miss in January. 
The national finals will be May 9. 
As her competition talent. Miss Bueche, 18, will display a collection of her original oil paintings and play a medley of her own piano compositions. 
The Texas Junior Miss Program is a non-profit organization aimed at giving young women the opportunity to compete for scholarships. 
A reception and send-off party for Christi is scheduled for 3 to 5 p.m. Sunday at the New 
Braunfels Civil Center. 

Kelly AFOSI group wins top honors 

Detachment 1o16 of the Air Force Office of Special 
Investigations at Kelly AFB has been selected the 
Outstanding AFOSI Detachment for 1976. 

The office was selected from among 155 worldwide operating agencies. 

The Kelly-based detachment is one of seven such units under AFOSI District IO. The detachments provide criminal, fraud and counter-intelligence investigative services. 

The Kelly detachment's selection was based on outstanding operational achievement and profes­ sional excellence. 

Special Agent John VV. Adams, detachment com­ mander, said the detachment attributes its success to adoption of the district-wide Management by 
Objectives Program implemented by Col. Glen T. 
Cox, district commander. 

An estimated saving of $194,ooo to the Air Force was realized during 1976 as the result of the detachment’s efforts. 

. . u t D I A M O * . 

Diamond and 
14 karat gold ear studs 
Lend us an ear, we'll find you a diamond 

 just the size you want! 

1/3 carat *, pair, $325 
I /2 carat*, pair, $45o. 

I carat*, pair, $1,5oo. 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 
Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge 
BankAmericard • Master Charge • American Express 
Diners Club • Carte Blanche • Layaway 

• 4oo I. HoUST9N mmmmm rn mm 
* NORTH STAR M A U 

• t i 6 { . h o u s t o n 
• PERRIN p l a z a 

J h i W 
U h 
M 
H 
H 
B 
F • universal ary 
• 
The Diamond Store « w a ln u t square 
• WINDSOR CARK 
H e w Braunfels. Tx. 

Park Free With Purchase Downtown 

'Exact diamond weight may vary plus or minus OI carat. 
Illustrations enlarged 

'GUARANTEED 
P R IC E S 
S P E C IA IjO P E N IN r^ M O N D A lM ^ A J V L -^ P jM . 

S O F A a n d L O V E S E A T ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ H 
COMPLETE WHITE 
FRENCH BEDROOM 

‘ GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICE 
ANYWHERE 

IPW* 

OUR LOW EST PRICE EVER on this elegant sofa and love seat. W e ’ve never seen any LaFrance groups anywhere at anytime by any store in So. Texas even close to our Low Discount Price on this Quality 
Merchandise. 
$399 

BELOW WHOLESALE 

IN THE CARTON 

OUR 

You can literally make a room to suit yourself with this fine furniture. All pieces except bookcases are lighted. Center glide dustproof construction. White finish on select veneers with chrome accents. 
•Sourca mfg. prim fist Mc* Kit available of both store locations. 

ITEM 
RETAIL 
PRICE 

B O O K C A SE 
$183 
$ 69 

K IN G H EA D BO ARD 
$232 
$ 79 
TW IN H EA D BO ARD 
$223 
$ 69 

CO RNER DESK 
$289 
$ 99 
V A N IT Y 
$378 
$139 
DESK 
$253 
$ 89 

 t o 

•fey 

Aa 

‘ GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICE 
ANYWHERE 

Perfect for girls’ room. Lowest price ever. 
Includes 
Dresser 
& mirror, chest, night stand, and full or twin headboard. 
$199 

4 DRAWER CHUT 
RUSTIC PINEBEDROOM 

Yc Z $ 4 9 o o 

— cd 

G 

STUDENT DESK 

5 'A ” FOAM 
MATTRESS 
AND 
FOUNDATION 

• Triple dresser 
• Deck mirror e Headboard e Nightstand e Heavy Early American style 

TWIN 
FULL 
QUEEN 
KING 
^GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICES 

RECLINER DISCOUNT 

COMPARE 
ANYWHERE 

• W a l l- A w a y 
O R 
• Pocket Onside 
OUR REGULAR $95 

SWIVEL ROCKER] 

NOT 
EXACTLY AS 
SHOWN 

• Velvet 
• Herculon e Colors i 

FREE 
LAMP 

CHOOSE FROM A SPECIAL 
GROUP. FREE WITH THE 
PURCHASE 
OF 
ANY 
LIVING, 
DINING 
OR 
BEDROOM SUITE 

SOFA AND LOVESEAT 

SPANISH STYLE 
OR 
CONTEMPORARY STYLE 

 i m > 'v.Vj i 3.4/, - 

2 LUXURIOUS STYLES IN SELECT COLORS 

YOUR 
$ 
CHOICE 
269 

PER 
SET 

FRENCH D IN IN G RO O M 

INCLUDES LIGHTED CHINA, OVAL TABLE WITH 
REVERSE DIAMOND INLAY TOP, 3 SIDE AND I 
ARM CHAIR. 

C H IN A , OVAL {ABLE 
W IT H R E V E R SE D IA - 
M O N D INLAY TOP, 3 

SIDE AND I ARMCHAIR. 
‘ GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICE 
ANYWHERE 
$479 

EXTRA SIDE CHAIRS 
WITH SUITE 
$3 8 
EACH 

♦GUARANTEED 
LOWEST PRICES 

We guarantee lower prices on new furniture than any other retail furniture store anywhere regardless of any kind of sale they may run. if you can beat the prices on any furniture you buy from us at any other retail furniture store we will refund to you 12o% of the dif­ ference of the purchase price. 

1. Price confirmation is required. 

2. Must be within 3o days of purchase — Your receipt is proof of purchase. 

3. Must be alike and of same brand and/or model numbers. 

INSTANT 
CREDIT 

ASK US HOW YOU 
MAY QUALIFY FOR 
INSTANT CREDIT . . . 

UP 
TO *75o 

OR IF YOU NEDD A 
WHOLE HOUSEFULL OR 
A LOT OF FURNITURE 
HOW 
WE 
CAN 
AR­ 
RANGE 
FINANCING 
FOR — 

ANY AMOUNT 

FORMICA TABLE 
AND FOUR CHAIRS 

Round formica top table with 4 sturdy chrome chairs. Heavy duty support. 
. 
COMPARE 
$ 
ANYWHERE 129 

SPANISH BEDROOM 
SUITE 

Elegant Spanish design includes triple dresser, twin mirrors, armoire chest and any size headboard 

* GUARANTEED 
LOWEST 
PRICE 
NITE STAND WITH SUITE $49499 

AU MERCHANDISE SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE. ALL SOLD ON A IST COME IST SERVE BASIS. WE RESERVE THE 
RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES ON All MERCHANDISE. SOME MERCHANDISE MAY NOT BE EXACTLY AS 
SHOWN. NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS AD. DELIVERY CAN BE 
ARRANGED. 
UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

2 HUGI 
WAREHOUSES 
LOW OVERHEAD 

‘ ♦GUARANTEED LOWEST DISCOUNT PRICES O N N EW FURNITURE 

44m I 
% a 
I a a a a n 
4 BLOCKS EAST OF B R O A D W A Y 
# 1 1o4 LAMAR- 
ON 9TH STREET JUST PAST IH 37 

# 2 1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL 
OPEN 
TUES. I O H L 9 
TO THE 
THURS. 1o ’TIL 9 
FUBUC 
SAT. I O ’TIL 2 

CLOSED TO THE PU8UC AU OTHER 
DAYS EXCEPT NNI SPECIAL OPENINGS 
WHEN ADVERTISED 
UNITED FREIGHT SALES • 
A N D D A M A G E D FREIGHT B A R G A I N S 

A 

EXPRESS "NEWS 

MILDRED WHITEAKER 
W om en’s Editor 
April 24 I 977 
Page 

Displaced' women 

Holes 

A mother takes her children to the home of the sitter during the day. At night the sitter goes to the children’s home, leaving h er own c h ild re n hom e with their father. Most co-ops do not operate evenings and weekends when teenage sitters usually are available. 
E ach m e m b e r has a ro ste r w ith telep h o n e n u m b e rs and children’s ages and makes her own baby-sitting arrangem ents. 
To keep track of baby-sitting 

It s f a bu Ions! l f we move, I m defini­ tely taking the rules with me a n d starting a co-op. — Mrs. E d­ u a r d Jones. 

 give mom a break 

She is the displaced homemaker, it s not exactly a catchy term , but it is being conferred on women over the age of 35 who are on their own and who need a job because they are widowed or divorced. 
On their own? Why, everyone knows she and hor lawyers are leaving hus­ bands with barely the sh irts on their backs; everyone knows that. 
‘‘Everyone” may know it — but it's news to millions of women who are be­ ing forced into a tight labor m arket after spending 15 to 35 years as unsalaried housewives. 
In many ways, the newly displaced are w ar casualties; it simply took longer for the w ounds to ap p e ar. T hese women- m arried the returning veterans of World 
War ll and the Korean War. They and their husbands sought sanctuary in nu­ clear family life. 
Moving to su b u rb an Cape Cod and split-level homes, the women persuaded them selves, as Betty Friedan so aptly described in her book,” “ The Feminine 
Mystique,” that shiny floors and clean curtains were extremely important. 
They had babies—lots of them. “ The hand that rocks the cradle is the hand th a t ru les the w o rld .” they ag re e d , adopting the words of a Victorian poet. 
By 1957. the average woman had 3.8 children and the childless or one-child family was regarded with pity or suspi­ cion. 

Related stories Pages 2-E. 3-E 

"C heaper by the Dozen” and “ Please 
Don’t Eat the D aisies” virtually were re q u ire d re a d in g as y o u n g co u p le s basked in the sure knowledge they were the cornerstone of society — a society in which men made the money and women spent it. 
.The cornerstone began to crumble in the 196os as the winds of change blew through previously unnoticed chinks in the walls. 
M ore th a n one m illion m a r r ia g e s ended in divorce in 1975 — an increase of 
49.ooo over the previous year. Of these d ivorces, o n e -q u a rte r sev ered bonds for more than a decade. 

The greater life expectancy of women became m ore pronounced, leaving many 

There are betw een tiro million a n d seven million d i s ­ placed women in the United States 
— women 35 and older who hare lost their source o f support an d who have trouble finding jobs. 
These divorcees a n d widows are fo rced into the already- 
, tight job market aith only rusty jo b skills 
— or aith no skills at (dl. 
This first part in a three-part series about "newly alone' women describes the reasons for their increasing numbers and discusses the problems they face. 

DANA STEVENSON 

 women unprepared for widowhood. The median age of American widows is 56, and there are 12 million of them. 
Combining both the divorced and the widowed, it is estim ated that one-third of the women between ages 55 and 64 are no longer living with th eir husbands. 
Most of them do not qualify for Social 
Security. 
Younger 

Figures that include younger women are equally disturbing; 37 per cent of 
American females over 4o have no hus­ bands. More than seven million families are headed by women — an increase of 
45 per cent within IO years. 
“ People our age were raised to believe that m a rria g e m eant s e c u rity ,” says 
Laurie Shields, a 55-year-old widow who is crusading for displaced homemakers. 
“ Most laws still seem to assum e that. 
The assum ption, unfortunately, is un­ w arranted.” 
. And for divorced women, the finan­ cial bind begins soon after the decree is granted. 
A ccording to a M arket Opinion Re­ search poll, only 14.9 per cent of wives today are granted alimony. 
Less than half are awarded child sup­ port, and of these, only half receive it regularly. In New York state, for exam ­ ple, the m ajority of ex-husbands cease paying after the first year, and almost none of them are paying five years after the settlement. 

Widows with children under 18 and the families of disabled workers receive So­ cial Security payments, but the federal sy stem is no panacea for the woman whose children are grown. 
She doesn’t qualify if she is under 6o and owns her own home. Similarly, she is not co v ered u n d er her h u s b a n d ’s pension plan if he dies before r e tire ­ ment. 
Divorced women lose Social Security benefits from their form er husband’s working years if they were m arried for less than 2o years. And even if they are protected, they m ust wait until the man retires. 
“ All right, then.” says the woman who is suddenly on her own at 45 or 5o. “ I ll get a job.” 
Perhaps. 
“ Everybody knows — especially those past 4o — that older women have a terrible tim e getting jobs,” says Tish 
Sommers, coordinator of the National 
Organization for Women (NOW) Task 
Force on Older Women. 

Hangups 

“ Men in their middle years, who do most of the decision-making, prefer the women around them to be young and sexy. This is part of their own aging hangups, but it has to be said out loud.” 
And there is, Mrs. Sommers insists, a double standard on aging. But that is only the beginning. 
Many, if not most, displaced hom e­ m akers haven’t worked for years. Their 

THE FROST BRIDE IS 

Kiddie co-ops 

Springing up around town, especially in the new subdivisions, is something called baby-sitting co-ops. 

A boon to mothers homebound with pre-schoolers, the co-op is a business like way for families to ex ch an g e b ab y -sittin g s e r ­ vices. 
M rs. 
D o u g las 
W e alty , m e m b e r of the S h en an d o a h 
B aby S ittin g ( lu b . has five children, 3 months to 7V2 years old. She sa y s “ T h is g iv es mothers and children an outlet. 
Too much togetherness is not good.” 
M rs. W illia m ll. 
M oses, mother of two girls, ages 7 and 
4. and a m e m b e r of the Park 
Forest Baby Sitting Co-op, de- 

EDNA MCGAFFEY 

 clares, “ I d hate to think I had b» raise kids without it. The kids love it. It helps their social ad­ ju stm e n t and helps m om and d ad.” 
Mrs. Edward .Jones, a mother of a girl. 3. and a boy, I, and a m e m b e r of a clu b s e rv in g 
Seneca Estates, Sun Valley and 
F orest Oaks, says “ It’s fabu­ lous! If we move, I’m definitely tak in g the rules with m e and starting a co-op.” 
Mrs. David Sund said, “ There are not too many teen-agers in the area.” 

Without m e m b ersh ip in the 
I d iv e rs ity Oaks Baby Sitting 
Pool, she would have difficulty finding a sitter for her boy, 8, and twins, 4. 
M rs. 
M ike 
C u m m in g s, m e m b er of the Sparetim e Sit­ ting Club for the last five years, say s the clu b g iv e s m o th e rs freedom during daytime hours, allows th em to broaden th eir interests and saves them mon­ ey. 
With m em bership in a co-op, m o th e rs w ith in fa n ts and toddlers can go to a m eeting, the beauty shop, bridge party, craft class or keep a m edical a p p o in tm e n t or do tim e co n ­ sum ing shopping. 
“ Once your children are in school all day, the need for the co-op d im inishes,” Mrs. C um ­ m ings rem in d s. Her children are 6 and 8, so she expects to resign from the club at the end of the sum m er. 
Of m ost benefit to m o th ers with children age 5 or younger, co-ops o p era te u n d e r s im ila r rules. 

IT’S co -op tim e for W A N D A C ER N O SEK w ith 
M a tth e w W e lty and N a th an C ernosek 

 hours, the co-ops use either a rec o rd k eep in g or a card ex ­ change system. 
The record keepers take turns serving as secretary. She posts the num ber of points or hours e a rn e d or u sed b esid e each ■< m em b er’s name. 
The m e m b e r who does the , sitting calls the secretary, not later than the following day, and says “ I earned so many points for sitting for so and so.” 
Club rules limit the m axim um deficit a m em ber may accum u­ late before working it off. 
The card exchange is a better 

M R S. D A V ID SH U LTZ e njoys her turn in the o w n R y a n a n d R a n d y le ft a n d righ t, H u gh n e ig h b o rh o o d b a b y -s ittin g c o -o p w ith her 
W a lla ce and Jenny W a lla ce 
PHOTOS BY PAT HAMILTON 

 system Mmes. Moses and Cum­ m ings say. With this system m em bers receive cards good for 
29 or 3o hours of sitting as pro­ vided by club rules, and they pay each other with the cards. 
In the Park Forest and Seneca 
Estates-Sun Valley-Forest Oaks groups, each 3x5 card is worth one hour, and it may be divided into halves or quarters. 
The S paretim e Sitting Club has its cards color-coded. Green cards are worth one hour and yellow cards equal a half-hour. 
Sitters receive* extra points or cards for caring for more than two children in a family, bath­ ing or feeding, and serving after midnight. 
“ If you need a sitter on short notice, you call the person in the* hole,” Mrs. Wealty said. 
B efore a m e m b e r r e s ig n s 

 from the co-op, she is expected to work off any m inus points or return the num ber of cards re­ ceived. If this is impossible, the m em ber pays a fine. 
Membership of co-ops range from ll) to 2o. Most groups set a 
29 or 3o m em ber m aximum. A few have a waiting list. 
Fool 
M rs. W ealty, who has six years co-op experience, said a co-op will work with as few as five mothers, but she believes 19 to 15 are the ideal number. 
"If a pool gets much bigger than 29. the mothers and chil­ dren c a n ’t get to know each other,” Mrs. Cummings said. 
M em bers of the co-op meet at regular intervals — anywhere- from one to six months — to introduce new m em bers, check 

 on m em bers who are high and low on points or cards, pay fees and to rotate the leadership po­ sition. 
T he w om en in te rv ie w e d stressed the im portance of a rule that a m em ber never feel o b lig a te d to sit u n le s s she wishes to do so, and that on no one need give a reason for not sitting with anyone’s children. 
Mrs. .Jones says, “ I haven t found any disadvantages in be­ longing to a co-op because it’s flexible. I don’t feel obligated. I can use it as much as I wish.” 
Mrs. Wealty said, “ We have a tendency to call m others with children about the sam e age as our own. 
“ It’s a treat for children to go to s o m e o n e ’s house to play 

Moms arid kids 

 r n 
- r j n ole 

America is seeing a new type of displaced person today — and is seeing her clearly for perhaps the first time, although she has been around, in growing numbers, for the past 2o years. ace reality 

She s confident 

 and serene know ing 

 that our experts 

 have taken care of 

 every detail. 

Assisting in the 

 selection of 

 her gown, rings and 

 invitations. 

Plus, helping select 

 her veil and 

 attendants' dresses. 

Her china, silver 

 and crystal patterns 
THE BEAUTIFUL BRIDE 

 are recorded in 

 our Gift Registry. 

Everything 

 is perfection. 

! Bridal Salon. 

A ll active patterns temporarily reduced. In china save on 45*piece services for 8, 65 piece services or 12, all other pieces not included in a 5-piece 
J place setting. In crystal, save on 8- or 12-piece services for 4. Except Tempo, Impromptu, 
./) and Antique. Regular charge accounts, 
, 
Extended payment plans. Master J * w 
% 
Charge/BankAmericard/ jg r 
American Express j j r 

JU! 

Divorce, death, de­ sertion — the three dreadful D’s — can trigger emotional turm oil for wives and mothers. And in the midst of the tur­ bulence many face the cold fact, “ I need to go to work.” 
Many find stumbling blocks in their path. 
Small children’s care is not cheap. Working skills may be outdated. Educa­ tion may be limited. Sa­ laries offered may be in­ sufficient to pay the bills. 
One divorcee says, 
“ Why aren’t husbands responsible for the wife’s job-training after a divorce? Look how many brides work to pay for education or training for their husbands.’’ 
Many middle-age di­ vorcees resent the fact that financial struggling was part of their married years. Now their husband has reached his wage peak and they are forced to begin a career at the bottom of the ladder. 
How do they cope? 
Three local women faced the situation in indivi­ dual ways. 

Rachel Solis was mar­ ried and had three young children six years ago. 
Her husband, a Marine who had spent most of their married years away, moved the family to California. Then he deserted the Marines and 
Rachel with Rochelle 6, 
Michelle 4, and David 2. 
. First, Rachel found a job at the Naval Base to pay her $4oo divorce bill. 
Then she returned here, moving in with her par­ ents. 
She returned to a former job as color print specialist. 
After her 
8-hour day, she worked part-time in a grocery store. 
With her mother baby-sitting, she paid off a stack of debts. They were in her husband’s name, but she wanted to establish credit. 
Realizing the need to upgrade her earning abi­ lity, she changed jobs and is a Community Service 
Aide, grade 2, State 
Department of Public 
Welfare. She moved her family into a rent home. 
To better fit her fami­ ly’s needs, she now works as a color printer from 
4:3o to 7:3o a.m. and then 
8 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the state. 

Rachel took her hus­ band to the Texas courts after five years with no child support and is fin­ ally receiving token child support. 

Home 

Her hard work and high goals are paying off. She has qualified, on her own, for a $25,5oo home. “ I ’m so excited and happy about the house. I was afraid to believe it would really happen,” Rachel says. 
Does she get tired, de­ pressed and dis­ couraged? 
Yes, but not often and not for long. 
“ My children are my inspiration,” she says. “ I wanted a nice home, good education and savings for them. My mother did her best for me and I ’ll do the same.” 
A ball of determined 

PHT YOUR FURS IN A SAFE PLACE 

FROST’S FUR STORAGE 

FOR MOTHER, 
HOLIDAY BY 
EVA GABOR 

A hand tied wig with soft waves and demi-curls, so light she ll 

 forget she s wearing it. Of k a n e k a lo n A rtelle™ m o da cry Iic fiber 

 in natural and frosted shades, 5o.oo. Wig Boutique. 

FROST BROS. 

 energy, she was a Scout 
Leader for two years, taught catechism, taught arts and crafts at the 
Eastside YWCA, took 12 hours of college work, helps with community athletic activities, school and church programs. 
“ Oh, yes,” she laughs. 
“ I ’ve also sold plastic- ware, jewelry and other things to pay the bills.” 
The children are active in school and community athletics. They are taking over more of the chores as they become older. 
Annual vacations are musts. 
Who does she credit for helping her? Her parents, when she would let them, and the Mexican-Ameri- can Professional and Bu­ siness Women’s Club, of which she is a charter member. Both gave her encouragement. The club also wras a source of va­ luable information on helping herself and pro­ tecting her rights. 
“ It hurts when you’re deserted,” she says, 
“ maybe that’s why I have to prove myself — for who I don’t know.” 
She believes anyone can do anything if they are willing to work hard. 
But not everyone is blessed with that terrific inner-drive of Rachel’s. 
“ Maybe if I had a degree, I could earn en­ ough so that I wouldn’t need to work two or more jobs.” she says. “ But I don’t brood about that. 
That’s just the way things are.” 
Divorce, a growing trend, can also leave a woman facing a job si­ tuation when she is emo­ tionally shook. 

Vesta 

Vesta Flaggert was married 21 years when her marriage ended in 
197o. Her nine children ranged from first grader to college freshman. 
A victim of her genera­ tion and upbringing, di­ vorce to her meant she was a failure. 
Vesta had not worked since her marriage. After high school, she had two years of speech and dra­ ma at The Catholic Uni­ versity. 
“ Initially I felt sorry for myself,” Vesta says. 
“ Then a friend said, ‘Get busy. Get yourself a job. ’ 
“ What could I do? ALI I knew' how to do was to have babies. 
“ Swimming was the only asset I could dredge up and I used it to make the plunge into the work­ ing world.” 
She taught part-time in a third grade swimming program one term and at one summer program for 
North East School Dis­ trict. 
“ The first check was a thrill. It proved to me that I could make the grade as a working wo­ man and draw' a salary,” she says. 
She realized she needed 

Downtown and North Star M a il 

MONDAY 

IO a.m. H O LY F A M IL Y 

A U X IL IA R Y , in St. Ju d es 
Clinic. Committees will give annual reports and officers will be installed. A covered dish brunch will follow. 

1o a m. SAN ANTONIO 

M USICAL C LU B, board of directors will meet in the 
Bright Shawl board room. 

11 a.rn. R E T I R E D O F ­ 
F I C E R S 
W I V E S 
AND 

WIDOWS C LUB, in the Ft. 
Sam Houston Officers Club. 
Social hour will be followed by noon luncheon. M rs. 
C arm ine 
L u ce has a r ­ ranged a games party. 

Noon O F F I C E R S AND 

P IO N E E R S C LU B, 
Alamo 
Review No. 22, American 
Benefit Association, in Vic­ toria Plaza Senior Center. 
M r s. Bessie B arth olm ae and Velma Scheh will be hostesses. 

I p.m. C H A P T E R B X , 

PEO, in the home of Mrs. 
E 
C. 
H u tch in gs 
M rs. 
Claude Allen will present the program. 

4 p.m. 
E T A 
B E T A 

C H A P T E R , 
Delta Kappa 
Gam m a so ciety, in the 
Ja m e s 
M adison 
High 
School. 
M a rv in 
G re e r, principal, will speak and guide a tour of the new school. Mmes. Betty John­ son, Thomas Keller, Doug­ las Drury, M arvin Pedlar and L. O. Zimmerman will be hostesses. Miss Regina 
H oelscher w ill present 
“ Practical Research." 

6:45 p.m. 
A M I ST AD 

C H APTER , 
American Bu­ siness 
Women's 
Associa­ tion, in the Arden Grove partyhouse. V irg in ia A. 
Stacy will speak of “ The 
Informed Educator." Vera 
Haskin will be vocational speaker. D istrict report will be given by Nelwyn 
Faulk, Martha Spencer and 
Lucille O'Laughlin. 

7:3o p.m. P R E C E P T O R 

G A M M A G A M M A , 
Beta 
Sigma Phi, in the home of 
Mrs. A. D. Boswell. Hostess will present “ Social Em er­ gencies." A salad supper will be served. 

RACHEL SOLIS and children Rochelle, David and M ichelle, check out the backyard of their own new home 
PHOTO B¥ PAT HAM,lTOrg 

 a more challenging car­ eer that offered better pay and more contact with adults — -since she had child contact at home. 
Vesta was advised to go into Real Estate sales with a large corporation. 
She joined a major com­ pany and began training and studying for her license. 
“ I was luckier than some,” she says. “ My mother moved nearby and substituted in the mother role while I worked. And since I had financial supplement, I could afford training without pay. 
“ My co-workers and executives were suppor­ tive and caring, making adjustment much easier. 
“ Receiving the office key made my ego zoom. 
And seeing my desk 

'Maybe if I had a degree, 
I could earn en­ ough so that I wouldn't need to work two or more jobs' — 
Rachel Solis 

 name plate, I felt as if I had accomplished so­ mething. 
“ Sometimes I still think of myself as a housewife and mother on­ ly — but I have grown, adding another dimen­ sion. My children are still 
No. I. We have a suppor­ tive mutual admiration society. 
“ I was not born an in­ dependent person, but 
I ’m making strides in that direction.” 
She’s taking a creative writing course under 
John Igo — and who knows where that might lead. 
What about the chil­ dren’s education? Col­ lege is in the cards for all, if they want it, basi- 

T U ES D A Y 

1o:3o a.m. C H A P T E R 

EU, PEO , in the home of 
Mrs. D. B. Oliver with Mrs. 
H. R. Davis as cohostess. 
Luncheon will follow. 

1 
1o:3o a.m. 
L A U R E L 

CLUB, in the Bright Shawl. Mrs. 
Wallace 
Simmons will be hostess. 

I p.m. A S S O C IA T IO N 

F O R 
C H IL D H O O D 
EDUCATION, in the Blue 
Bonnet Room of Loftin 
Student Center at San An­ tonio 
College. 
Sp rin g luncheon and installation of officers will be held. 

6:3o p.m. G O L D E N E A ­ 
G L E C H A P T E R , 
A m e r­ ican Busin ess W om en 's 
Association, in the Arden 
G ro ve partyh ou se. 
Jo e 
Meador will present "The 
Im portance of M aking a 
W ill." Mrs. Julia Toscano will be vocational speaker. 

6:3o p.m. 
A L A M O 

C H A R T E R 
C H A P T E R , 

A m erican 
B u sin ess 
Women's Association, in 
Arden Grove partyhouse. 
Judge Carol Haberman will speak on “ Enduring Days for Su ccessfu l L iv in g ." 
Trudy lllsley will be voca­ tional speaker. Officers will be elected. 

7 p.m. L A C K L A N D RN 

C LU B, in the T-2 confer- ence room, Wilford Hall. 
Topic will be “ Touch Ther­ apy." Military and civilian 
RN's are welcome. 

7:3o p.m. A L P H A P H I 

ALUM NA, in the home of 
M rs. Donald M alik . O f­ fic e rs w ill be elected 
Sp eak er w ill be from 
"Greenthings by Rusty." 

7:3o p.m. D R ILL TEA M , 
Starllte G rove No. 6389, 
Woodmen of the World, in the Crockett Hotel. P r a c ­ tice will also be held 

7:3o p.m. 
O M IC R O N 

C H A P T E R , 
Phi Eta sor­ ority, in the St. Anthony 
Hotel. A fter Dutch treat dinner in the Madrid room at 6 p.m. the program will be a book review by Mrs. 
Barbara Harris. 

 rally due to student loans. 
Mary, now married to a doctor and mother of two, became a registered nurse on a full scholar­ ship. 
James is a third year dental student at UTSA and a lieutenant in the 
Air Force. An Air Force 
ROTO plan plaid for his education. 
Vesta is head of the in­ tensive care unit in a 
Dallas hospital under the 
Baylor Medical School 
Nursing program. 
Kathy is a senior at 
North Texas State Uni­ versity. 
Susan is a senior at UT in Austin and will con­ tinue towards a master’s degree in marketing. 
Him is married to a lieutenant in the Air 
Force. 
Matthew is a freshman at UTSA. William is a high school junior and 
Beth is a high school freshman. 
' Those using student loans will pay them back in cash or service. Sum­ mer jobs also help meet financial needs. 

Sharon 
Sharon King is a di­ vorcee with two children, 
Scott 13, and Jennifer IO. 
Her situation is probably not average, but her story points out some of the things she had in her fa­ vor that others do not have. 
During a period of se­ paration two years before her actual divorce, she ran up against the prob­ lem that no one wants to hire a woman who is separated and has young 

 children — even if her job skills are good and she is qualified. Separation and instability mean the same 
Jo employers. 
The couple worked at their marriage again and during that time Sharon applied and got a good job. Two years later they divorced. 

Now as assistant manager of VIP Person­ nel Service, she can com­ pare her situation to other women who are forced into jobs for fami­ ly support. 
“ One advantage was that I had my job by the time I divorced,” she says. “ Another was that 
I ’ve had financial and moral support both from my ex-husband and my family. 
“ Of course, it also helped that I had kept up my office skills doing work at home on an IBM 
Selectric typewriter. 
“ I had short work ex­ 

 perience but it. was good. 
I also had excellent re­ ferences. Educationwise 
I had three years of col­ lege in business courses. 
Even with seven years out of the business world, 
I could compete for a good job.” 
Sharon says, “ If it were someone my mother’s age facing the situation. 

She finds that some­ times it’s the young mother who has it bad 
“ In the first place, she needs a large amount of money to provide proper care for very young chil­ dren. And employees shy away from these mothers even if they have good work backgrounds. 
Sharon says, “ I ’m am- 

The first check was a thrill. It proved to me that I could make the grade as a working woman and draw a salary' — Vesta 
Flaggert 

 it would be rougher. 
Especially if they have no training. 
“ I have to admit though that in my job I have never had anyone refuse to hire middle-age women who are qualified for a job.” 

 bitious, independent and not dumb. I ’m constantly trying to improve my job, life and children’s life.” 
Each case is different. 
But when the three D’s strike, most women agree that job-hunting can be a great hurdle. 

L a Crem e de la Crem e 

Gin 1os Towers 
Chelsea 
Royal George 

 shown by appointment only. 

7oo E. Hildebrand 
8-34-6661 

163 T re as tire way 
8*24-2226 

8o33 X. New- Braunfels 
824-2226 

Luxury apartments by Brandade Properties. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
341-4481 
654-6435 

Also in Dallas and Ft. Worth. 

^oge 
2-E 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday A pril 24 1 9 7 7 
Wives forced into a security search 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday April 2 A 1977 
Page . 3 E*‘ 
Legislature throwing women a lifeline 

- B y 
---------------------------- 

MARY ANN BENGTSON 

ASSISTANT W OM EN S EoITO9 

Sen. Gene Jones of Houston said, 
“ We have to bring together services that are now available under other umbrellas. We will provide a job training program, job counseling and other services such as the oper­ ation of a well-person clinic aimed at preventive health care and nutri­ tion. 

Jones added, “ This program will be directed to bringing people who had the misfortune to serve as a homemaker and then be displaced in middle years by divorce, death or loss of family income.” 
Funding 

As the legislation now stands, pilot project centers would be locat cd in one area with a population of over 5oo,ooo and one in an area under 5oo,ooo. Sen. Patman plans to amend the bill to read under 1oo,ooo on the latter in order to meet the needs of women in a smaller com­ munity. 

The “ displaced homemaker ” de­ scribed in this legislation must be 4o years of age or older who has worked without pay as a home­ maker for his or Her family. 

To be placed under the direction of the Department of Welfare, the centers would be funded partially by the state, partially by social securi­ ty funds if they become available under Title 2o, and with monies already available to the Texas Edu­ cation Agency. 

Skills 

There is currently discussion le­ tting to the transfer of the centers to the TEA because of the negative connotation of being a part of the 
Welfare Department, according to 
Sen. Patman, 

Patman said, “ This is primarily an educational thing, professional and vocational. Ifs prime purpose is to size up the needs, resources available and the best way to pro­ vide needed services.” 

Whichever department ends up in the driver’s seat will seek coopera­ tion of the local community through the contributions of building space, equipment and services. Whenever possible, existing school, junior col­ lege or university facilities will be used. 

And the pilot projects, to the greatest extent possible, will at tempt to staff each service center with displaced homemakers. 

Each center will provide job 

SEN. GENE JONES 

 counseling designed for the wo­ man who is entering the job market after a number of years as home­ maker. 

Counselling vull take into account and build upon the skills and exper­ iences of the individual. 

The job training program will 

SEN. RILL PATMAN utilize existing skills and training and will be tailored to the job mar­ ket The training will be flexible and will change as the market changes. 

In addition to the well-person clinics, the centers will provide courses on money management, insurance, taxes, mortgages, loans and probate problems. 

AUSTIN — Rescue opera­ tions for Texas* displaced homemakers are underway in the Texas Legislature. 

SB515 in the Senate and HB444 in the House will provide the legal ba­ sis for the establishment of two pilot project centers for the re-training of housewives suddenly thrown into the job market. 

Sponsored by Reps Bill Sullivan and Wilhemenia Delco, the House 
Bill was passed April ll and sent to the Senate for approval. Final tally in the House, 1o3-35. 

SBS 15, coauthored by 
Sens. 
Bill Patman and Gene Jones, bas been reported favorably out of committee and is set for full Senate approval. 

The Senate bill is co-sponsored by seven senators, both Democrat and 
Republican, of every political lean­ ing which may assure passage of the final bill 

Training 

Texas follows the lead of Florida, 
Maryland and California which have passed similar legislation 
Twenty-nine states have displaced homemaker bills under consideration at this time 

The pilot project is slated to run until Aug. 31, 1981. Each year an annual evaluation of the center’s performance will be made. 

Sponsors of the legislation are confident that the program will, if effective, be made permanent with adequate support from the state. 
And in laymen’s language that means money. 

Resource 

Sen Patman said, “ We must fa­ cilitate the use of this resource 
(displaced homemakers). It is in the interest of the citizens of the state to prevent the waste of this resource. We can provide the op­ portunity.” 

Sen. Jones echoed these senti­ ments. 

“ The state recognizes that this is a far less expensive program than for people who go on welfare. It w ill give support to being productive, employed, tax paying citizens. 

“ Welfare does nothing to rehabi­ litate anybody. This is a preventive measure that w ill save some money. 
It would give people an alternative to the welfare cycle It. will put these people back as productive members of society.” 

SALE 
CASHMERE 
SWEATERS 
39JC 

Usually 6o.oo and 75,oo. Col­ lect an entire wardrobe of luxurious cashmere sweaters at special pre-season savings. 
Choose the long sleeve cardi­ gan style with two pockets as well as turtles, crews and V- necks in S. M. L sizes. Great colors, too: navy, red. grey, burgundy, hunter green, nat­ ural. blue, white, pink, brown or black. Not all sizes in all styles, colors.-Sweater Bar. 

FROST BROS. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 Ball, garden pally fete Fiesta royalty 

53o3 BROADWAY 

QUEEN Lucille O p p en h eim er and Princess C ynthia 
Cadw allader share honors at Royal Garden Party and 
Q ueen’s Ball photo by jose barrera 
Sun and fun shoes make waves with comfort 
/ start with 
Towle 

Scout theme low 

 conjunction with the pro­ gram. 

All current and former 
Girl Scouts are invited to attend at the following times: noon to 12:3o p.m., 
Wider Opportunity and 
Senior Roundup partici­ pants and staff; 12:3o to I p.rn, troop leaders; out- of-council I to 1:3o p.m. 
Girl Scouts and members of the World Association of 
Girl 
Scouts and 
Guides. 

From 1:3o to 2 p.m., reisdent campers and staff; 2 to 2:3o p.m. clay campers and staff, and from 2:3o to 3 p.m., bourd and committee members and neighborhood sen ice team personnel. 

“ Girl Scouts Together 
Again,” a council-wide event sponsored by San 
Antonio Area Council of 
Girl Scouts, will be from* 
11:3o a.m. to 4:3o p.m. 
Saturday in the Institute,, of Texan Cultures. 

Feel the joy of these light ii lively casuals from Cobbles as they splash 

 cool and refreshing; comfort on hot summer days. I hey re made with 

 lots of cushioning, low hemp 

 wedges and smart fabric uppers to 

 take on lots of slimmer adion! 

Theme of the program is “ The Foundation Ele­ ments.” Skits, displays and demonstrations pre­ sented by troops will de­ pict the six elements of 
Girl Scouting—promise and law, international friendship, citizenship, service, health and safe­ ty, and troop manage­ ment. 

 sterling teaspoons 

 all other pieces 

ADDITIONAL 

A Girl Scout family reunion will be held iii on trade-in of sterling flatware 
FOX PHOTO" 
■Mother’s Day 
SP E C IA L 

A B E A U T I F U L 

A sensational offer - Towle sterling teaspoons at 4 o % off the regular retail price. There may not be a better opportunity to start your Towle sterling service for a long time. In addition, you can fill in the rest of your sterling service at VS off the regular retail price. This is truly the time to start or complete your Towle sterling at substantial savings. Available in all active Towle sterling patterns. 

For those who may be unhappy with their present sterling flat- ware. there is an additional 5o% OFF the sale price for the trade-in of sterling flatware towards the purchase of any active Towle sterling pattern. Any sterling pattern will be accepted regardless of brand, age or monogramming. Ster­ ling flatware traded in will entitle you to an additional 5o% discount off the sale retail of the replacement pieces you purchase. 

Don't delay. Come in today and select the savings plan that best suits your needs. 

© 

 a a a 
Each 
I l l Additional 
Subject 
J tyf 
$i.oo 

Additional Portraits at Reg. Prices 

NEW ACCOUNTS INVITED, 

NEVER ANY INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES AT.McNEEL’S 

Monday-Saturday 1o:oo a.m. to 5:3o p.m. 

Kodak paper For a good look of the times of your life. 

FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE 
CALL FOR APPOINTMENT 
1726 Broadway 
226 6311 
5924 Broadway 
826 7284 
1o31 Donaldson 
735-1821 
35o4 S. New Braunfels 
532-917o 
427 S.W. Military Dr. 
923-7o31 
1oo3 S. W.W, White 
___ 333-o711 
246 North Star Mall 
342-o441 

223 E. HOUSTON ST, 
226 838? 
• McCreless Plaza (Big M) • Jefferson Village 
• McCreless Village • Shoe House Central Park Mall 
• South Park Mall • Universal City • Windsor Park 
DOWNTOWN AND NORTH STAR 

FOR TUC MOTHER WHO HAS 
EVERYTHING............. 
A BAG TO POT IT IN j 

ANNE KIE IN 
DESIGNS FOR 
CAIDERON 
Aa 

NAME D R O N ER S 

ACCESSORIES M EXTRAORDINAIRE 
713 PARTRIDGE ok JONES-MAlTSBERGER f ^ O N - S A T tO -*f 
3 A 4 - o 7 7 7 
COMPUHtHTAIW CtrT WRAP 

Film will aid McNay 
Art Institute 

Baylor exes plan meeting 

San A ntonio B aylor 
Alumnae Club will have a spring m eeting for “ All 
Women Who Love Baylor 
University” at 1o:3o a.m. 
Saturday in the home of 
Mrs. Ja m es Ingram. 

G IA N T beach som brero w ith chin-tie scarf fro m Frank 
Olive 

LARGE m u lti- h u e d su m m er b e re t in m u lti- hued fabric by 
M cConnell 

FRANK OLIVE’S w h ite organdy cap fo r rom antic even 
•figs 

Friends of the McNay will have a benefit pre­ view' sh o w in g of the 
Scandinavian film, “ E d­ vard Munch,” in the Ol­ mos Theater at 7:3o p.m. 
Wednesday. 
The p ro ceed s of this event, open to the public, will go to the McNay Art 
Institute. The film is a study into the mind and m e th o d s of the N orw e­ gian artist. 
Stars of this three-hour film are Geir Westby and 
Oro Fraus. Munch’s art was concerned with psy­ chological subjects like love, life and death. His 
7oo prints and paintings p o rtra y passion, te rro r and delight. 
The admission price of 
$5 will be partly deducti­ ble as a contribution to the McNay. Reservations m ay be m a d e by te le ­ phone. A pay bar will be open. The film will also be shown the following night. 

'.Easy living' is show theme 

Fashions from Rhodes will be m odeled at the noon luncheon W ednes­ day in the Bright Shawl 
Tearoom. 
Theme of the show will be “ E asy S u m m er Liv­ ing.” 
Juanada Teas, Rhodes’ fashion coordinator, will com mentate. 
M odels will be Mrs. 
G e ra ld R e id e r, C lark 
B oddy, 
Jo h n 
M oore, 
Suzie 
M a rtin , 
L arry 
O ’N eill an d 
W illiam 
Jeffers. 

Mrs. John Willis arid 
M rs. E d ith L iebm ann. will be hostesses. 

NOSTALGIC h a t fo r garden p a rtie s by Tom H ann fo r 
Kurt Jr. 

Now, when important jewels are more sought after and scarce with each passing day; when the price of precious gems in world markets approaches the incredible; a savings opportunity of this magnitude can only be regarded as extraordinary. The remarkable collection includes many one-of-a-kind jewel creations. Diamonds, emeralds, rubies, sapphires, a treasury of precious and semi-precious stones. 
Breathtaking rings, necklaces, bracelets, pins, watches, even jewel accessories for men, all are included. 
Whatever your budget, it may never bring you a chance to acquire truly important jewelry like this again. 

EXTRA SPECIAL SAVINGS: 3o% OFF ALL PIAGET WATCHES! 

FROST BROS. 

DOWNTOWN 
• 
NORTH STAR MALL 

LAST WEEK 

AT VERY SPECIAL SAVINGS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

■ 1 
TlWtmS 
- ................. 
................ 
Hats making or summer 

NEW YORK - Just a min­ ute. You can’t go out like that in your eyelet cam isole and petticoat on a summer day. 
You need a ballibuntl hat, p re ­ ferably with daisies trellised all a r­ ound or cabbage roses, one here, one th e re , or lilies of the valley, c h r y s a n th e m u m bu d s, p o p p ie s, dogwoods, or . . . what do you mean you don’t like flowers? 
You have to like flowers. They’re the biggest new's in hats since the pith helmet. 
All right, then choose peribuntl instead of ballibuntl, with a cro ­ cheted crown, like the one F ra n k 
O live d e s ig n e d for O sc a r de la 
R enta's spring collection, and the sm a lle r version he did for Anne 
Klein. 
White 
Take it in white — that’s the color this season — and you won’t have to worry about matching. You have white? Then choose black, that s good too. 
Now what! You like a portrait or shepherdess brim but it’s too much for you because you’re short? 

— By--------------------------------------- 
ELLIE GROSSMAN 

Well, try a safari hat with a ta­ pered brim, and don’t forget about your shoes. 
The taller the heel, the lower the crown of the hat, that’s the rule. And if the hat is delicate, the shoes have to be, too. 

But w h at ab o u t your ta ilo red clothes? Nothing to it. A lightweight fabric fedora or a cloche is very sm art and business-like with a pattern trim ; s m a r t and sw eet w ith a gingham ribbon and nosegay. 

The trick is to take your time. Sit down, try them on, don't worry about your wig because the stores are ordering larger sizes this year to cover such things. 

And be thankful ballibuntl is so big because it’s cooler in the sum ­ mer and . . . ballibuntl? Oh. sorry about that. 

B allibuntl is m illin er talk for handwoven straw. (Peribuntl is a finer version.) We don't know why they can't call it a plain straw hat, either. 
SUMMER enchantm ent In straw with h an d -p ain ted scarf by Jack McConnell 

ATEUR ARTISTS AND STUDENTS. 

NO-IIMJT PUBLIC ART SATE AS ADVERTISED ON TV— DEALERS INVITED 

ANTONIO CONVENTION 
CENTER 

AT MARCET & ALAM O STREETS 

MARKET 

HEMISFAIR 
PLAZA 

DURANGO 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 I 977 

THE W O R K IN G ARTIST 
SPRING 
ART SALE 

THIS SU N D AY 1o:oo AM«5:oO PIM 

NOTHING OVER 
W 
MOST UNDER 

’ IN CLU DIN G BEAUTIFUL SO FA -SIZE P A IN T IN G S 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
THESE ARE FINE QUALITY WORKS BY OVER 15o PROFESSIONAL 
ARTISTS FROM SEVERAL COUNTRIES AND DEFINITELY NOT BY 
LOCAL 

THIS IS * 

SAN Ah 

Nominate your favorite teen 

The search is well under way — for nominations of your favorite boy or girl for the Top Teens in the Ex- press-News Contest. 
Look around you at the teen-agers you know. 
Perhaps the 1977 boy or girl Top 
Teen may be among the students you see every day. Help us find the most deserving pair of teen-agers in 
Bexar County. 
Points in the winners’ favor will 

Watch the Express and News for a surprise announcement concerning the TOP TEEN contest! 

 be contributions to school and com­ munity, personality, volunteer or social work, church participation, manners, scholastic achievement, etc. The Express-News has spon­ sored the selection of Bexar Coun­ ty’s top boy and girl since 1958. 
Students in grades 9 through 12 in 

 accredited Bexar County High 
Schools are eligible. Anyone in 
Bexar County — parent, student, teacher, friend, relative — may submit a letter of nomination 
Letters must be brought or mailed in time to reach our Wo­ men's Department by 5 p.m., 
Tuesday, May 3. Mailing address is 
Outstanding 
Teen-ager, 
San 
Antonio Express-News, P. o. Box 
2171, San Antonio, Texas 78297. 
The teen-agers’ name, parents or guardians names and a telephone number, where a member of the family may be reached during the day. should be included. 
Panel 
A panel of judges will select the outstanding teen-agers. 
The number of letters does not influence the judges decision. 
The top boy and girl will each receive a $5o savings bond and a plaque. Those who write letters no­ minating a winner w ill receive a $25 savings bond. 

ADDRESS AIL MAIL TO THE WORKING ARTIST FROM DALLAS, 1938 N E. LOOP 41o, SUITE 1o9, SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78217 

Polynesian party set at Randolph 

Kandolph 
Officers’ 
Club and Randolph Of­ ficers’ Wives’ Club will present a night of South 
Sea Island Magic Satur­ day. 
The event will be open 

 to all members of Ran­ dolph Officers’ Club and will feature a buffet. Po­ lynesian Band and South 
Seas floor and aqua show. 

The buffet will be 

 served from 7 to 9 p.m. in the Randolph Room. 

Tickets may be pur­ chased from Wives’ Club members or the club ca­ shier. 

SAVE 
$1oo°° NOW 
TO INTRODUCE 
ELEETRoNIE 
NEEDLE 
POWER 
BY 
' BERNINA 

* The Bernina 83o with the new electronic toot control .iii ws you to sew ut any speed, through any fabric, and retain maximum needle pcwer. 
* has the lmpopuble stretch stitch 

* automatic tension control 
* automatic button hole 
* an abundance ol decorative as well as utility stitches — built in 
* swiss engineering at its best 
* and much, much more 

COME IN TODAY AND SAVE 
$1oo OFF FOR LIMITED TIME 

KIDDIE 

BERNINA SEWING 
CENTER 

 l l 4 o 9 WEST AVE. 
3 4 4 -3 7 6 6 

T A K IN G the children to the baby-sitting co-op is Mrs. 
D ouglas W e lty with M athew , 2, Elena, 3 V2, Owen, I 6 months, and Huey, 6 
PHOTO BY PAT HAMILTON 

 without mommy. Ifs also a treat for children to have someone come in.” 
Some clubs prescribe a procedure for dealing with an emergency. 
Shenandoah members leave an emergency list of telephone numbers with the sitter. 
Emergency 
Sparetime bitting Club members have filed statements with their pediatricians authorizing emergency treatment for their children. The Park 
Forest co-op members have a particularly good solution. An attorney husband of a member drew up a legal docu­ ment, 
“ Consent and 
Authority for Medical 

 and Surgical Treatment and Admission to the Ho­ spital.” After all parents signed the document, it was reproduced and dis­ tributed to each member. 
None of the mothers have found it necessary to use the emergency procedures, but their children are protected by their contingency plans. 
For an effective co-op, members must reside within a specific com­ munity or geographic li­ mits. 
“ We can get to everyone within five minutes by car,” Mrs. 
Jones says—happily. 

This enables a mother to drop the children quickly and go on her way. lf oman 9s Club schedules tea 

Castle Hills Woman’s 
Club will honor mothers and daughters of club members at a tea Mon­ day. 

The event will be from 

3 to 5 p.m. Monday, Ma: 
2, in the home of Mrs 
David P. Martin. 
Newly-elected officer! will be installed and fa shions from Vangie wii be modeled. 

There is only one 

4oo1 

NORTH NEW BRAUNFELS 

4oo1 North New Braunfels. A condominium com­ munity of very private, very secure penthouse, tower and townhome residences enclosed in an intimate yet colorful plaza in the heart of historical Son 
Antonio. 
Our success reflects the success of the people who live here. Over 5o% of the tower residences ore sold. There ore still excellent tower residences 

 available, with singularly spectacular views of the city. 
Those who buy now will live the private, unhurried life­ style of a world surrounded by eloborote security and enhanced by the kind of services found only in the best luxury hotels and resorts. 
The opportunity to own one of these unparalleled residences will never again present itself. There is, and will only be, one 4oo1. For on appointment, please coll 828-6o88. 

Son Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 197/ 
Bell rings in praise for ambassadors 

Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell rose at a dinner party at the Iranian embassy the other night and said that before coming here from Atlanta he “ really knew very little about foreign policy or even the District of Columbia. 
“ My idea in coming here was to pull the alation together." he observed in his Southern drawl. “ Then I was thrown into the hostage situation and it sort of changed my opinion about tilings." 
He found three brave foreign am­ bassadors and a great mayor, chief of police and assistant chief “ all making our capital a great place." 
What he didn't say but probably was thinking was the different impression he now had of his host — the bachelor whose glamorous parties have made 
Washington the center of social ex­ citement — Ardeshir Zahedi. 
People are inclined to regard pur- 

 ty-givers and party-goers as frivolous. 
No matter how dignified or important a guest may be, the world at large prefers to think of a publicized party as something akin to unbridled revelry where the only reason champagne isn t drunk out of a slipper is because you can't pour it into a sandal. 
Strategy 

This dinner, far from frivolous, was to plank all the men involved in the strategy that got Khalifa Khaalis to release 134 hostages last month without one of them being killed. 
One of those involved was President 
Carter’s consultant on coordinating welfare projects. Bill Milliken, the voting man who skipped college to spend lh years in Harlem helping drugged and deprived young people bridge their education gap at storefront schools. 
In three or four years, he said, they would get a thousand 17-year-olds with only third-grade reading ability into 

 residents and families, which never drew Nancy Kissinger’s slightest in­ terest. 
Founded 15 years ago by Angier 
Biddle Duke, it does more for those unknowing foreign families who come here frequently with no help and no language but always with children, than all the offices in the State Depart­ ment put together. 
With 35o volunteers speaking a total of 28 languages, THIS calls on every diplomatic wife, no matter how obs­ cure or low on the totem pole, and provides her with all the information she needs regarding schools, markets, hospitals, meat cuts, or what-have-you. 
Picnics, parties, cooking and lan­ guage lessons are also thrown in. But it must have given Mrs. Abdulaziz Buali, wife of the Ambassador of Bahrain, where oil production is decreasing rapidly, quite a shock to learn that in 
Washington it costs $1,ooo a month for a live-in housekeeper! 

 college. And one of his best teachers was Khaalis. 
Reclining on a divan in the glittering 
Oriental splendor of the Persian Room, 
Milliken, who now does the same kind of work in Atlanta, chuckled at the contrast to his usual sordid surround­ ings. 
And about the man who entertained in those surroundings he said, “ Five minutes after meeting Ambassador 
Zahedi I knew he was the key to Khaalis because of his spiritual quality.” 

E m b assy 

Secretary of the Arm y Clifford 
Alexander was there looking slim and nattier than anyone in his black velvet suit. And thrilled at attending his first embassy party was presidential assis­ tant Jim King w ho used to be on Teddy 
Kennedy’s staff. 
IR' called Zahedi “ a spectacular human being” and it had nothing to do with the amount of caviar King con­ sumed. both on toast and with a fork. 
He is personnel director at the White 
House, or what newsmen ureter to call patronage boss. “ I wish I was patron­ age boss, I'd have more power,” said the young, jovial Jim. 
Carter administration wives headed by Mrs. Cyrus Vance are rallying in support of THIS, The Hospitality and 
Information Service for diplomatic 

 w rm warn I 
M M ES. BO B BERG LA N D , Harold Brown and Cyrus Vance, wives of the Secretaries of Agriculture, Defense and State, ham it up for the cameraman at a D.C. gathering 

Fasting 

A “ fast house” is what Washington hostess Buffie Cafritz called the place where she recently spent a weekend. 
The wife of the wealthy Washington builder had put on 12 unwanted pounds and wanted to fast fast. 
Instead of going to a fashionable 
$1,5oo-a-week fat farm like her friends, she chose a place in Quantico, Va., from an ad in the paper. It cost her only 
875 and she lost five pounds in three days. 

WHEN YOU TAKE OUR 
TEENAGE SEWING COURSE 
YOU’LL TAKE HOME MORE 
THAN JUST A NEW OUTFIT. 

D O W N T O W N • W O N D E R L A N D • M ILITA RY PLA Z A • N O R T H STA R • W IN D S O R PA RK 

 ixmsuttants must never keep house 

Recently I attended a problem solving seminar at the Univer­ sity of Texas. A Houston consul­ tant spent several hours advis­ ing women of all ages how to solve their problems. 
“ What we often do,” the psycholo­ gist said, “ is look for the solutions before we fully define the problems we are trying to solve.” Then she ex­ plained a three step process of defini­ tion which should always precede a solution. 
First, according to the consultant, we should always state the dilemma. 
Second, consider the alternatives. 
Third, evaluate the onsequenees. 
THEN, derive the solution. 
I could hardly wait to go home and solve my problems. Dilemma— 
Lack of time to do housework Alter­ natives — 
Stay home. 
Hire a housekeeper. Consequences— 
If I stay home. I can’t attend prob­ lem solving seminars! lf I hire a housekeeper. I can’t afford to do anything but stay at home! 
Dilemma— 

High price of coffee. Alternatives— 
Earn more money. 
Don’t drink coffee. 
Withdraw savings. Consequences— 
If I earn more money. I can afford the coffee, but can't stay home to do the housework! 
If I don't drink coffee, 1 11 suffer withdrawal symptoms! 
If I take money from the savings account, the bank book will have with­ drawal symptoms. Then, I can’t afford to attend problem solving seminars where Hu1 coffee is free in the first place! 
Egad! The “ consequences” of my 
“ alternatives” were worse “ problems” than my “ dilemmas” ! I needed a psy­ chologist and didn’t know it! 
Actually, the beautiful result of my problem solving session is that it has reinforced what I have believed all along: 
When it comes to problems such as lack of time, a messy house and high priced coffee, the solution is simple—Learn to live with it! 
_____ 

Classic elegance by 
Lilli Ann . . . four-piece wardrober in blue with 
Ultra suede ® panels . sizes6-16, 2 7 8 .o o . 

SEWING CENTERS 
126 years’ experience is the best teacher 

A couple of cool “ customers", these two! Cool as a couple of cucumbers and twice as comfortable in white or bone pigskin uppers. Come take the coolest walk in town 

For Only s2 3 

Seiko quartz, bracelet watch, 
$225 

 e. Siko quartz, 

 black dial, I 7 jewels, 

$ 1 6 5 . 

 c. Seiko b racelet watch 

I 7 jew els, 

$ 1 o 5 

 a. Seiko ’ b racelet watch, 

I 7 jew els, 

$ 1 2 5 
I 

Seiko quartz, leather strap, blue dial. $135 

 d Seiko b racelet watch, b Seiko b racelet watch, 

I 7 jew els, 

$ 1 3 5 

 f. Seiko bracelet watch, 

I 7 jewels, 

S I IO ____________ 
Sandal 

VL. AND WE BELIEVE IN FIT! 
SIZES ARE OUR SPECIALTY! _JL 
6-11 
NATURALIZER Shoes 

W IN D S O R PARK MALL 
655-4821 
N O RTH STAR MALL 
341-4o1 I 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sunday April 24 1977 

 eft! corner + + + problem corner + + + problem corner + + + 
■„ 
„ 
:.....: 
..: 
■.,-»=», 

 dor qour wor 

Look around you. Throughout your home, on your table, you surround yourself with color. And this exquisite crystal, in your choice of cobalt or cranberry is a beautiful way to color your world. So go ahead— express yourself! A. Cordial, $18.5o. 
B. Cordial decanter, $63. C. Wine decanter, $1oo. D. Hock wine, 
$36.5o. Cranberry pieces slightly higher. 

Something Beautiful for Everyone.^ 

Lay Away now' Or use our convenient charge plans 
Also American Express. BankAmencard Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E. Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Park Free Downtown 
¥ 

Keep Up With the Arts Through 

 me A r t s r a g e 

 in the San Antonio E*oress 

 em corner + + + pro 
This bribe pays off 

DEAR ABBY: To FED UP IN 
TEXA S who objects to paying children for getting good grades in school: The idea of rewarding good grades does have some merit because most children lack the maturity and foresight to realize the importance of working hard enough to get good grades. 

When my son was a high school freshman, his grades were barely passing. He hated school and wanted to quit. Lecturing did no good. 
Discipline only made matters worse. 
Then on the advice of a friend I decided to try the ’ reward” method, nothing for a C, $1 for a B and $2 for an A. And an extra $5 if he made the honor roll. 
For every “ D” he lost a dollar, and for an ” F ” he lost two dollars. 
The results were immediate. For his report card I paid him $1 — slightly above a C average. The following re­ port cards showed steady improve­ ment until he obtained a .‘1.8 average (A minus) in the first semester of his senior year. His attitude had changed, and he was actually enjoying school. 
But the final payoff came in his last semester before graduation. We dis­ posed of the report-card system, and I offered him a new car if he could make a 4.o (straight-A) average for his final semester. 
Yes, he made it. He got his car and graduated with honors. 
Some students get poor grades be­ cause they lack the incentive to work. 
All I did was provide the incentive, and it worked beautifully. Sign me . . . — 
PAID UP IN CALIFORNIA 
DEAR PAID UP: 
Although few 

Coping with giants 

_ _ 
ABIGAIL 
VAW BUREN 

 parents can afford the kind of incentive you offered, I certainly can't knock your “ incentive” system. 
Your son was the big winner, Dad. 
Congratulations to both of you Read on for a lefter from another parent \)bo shares your opinion. 
Incentive 

DEAR ABBY: May I say something 
■for that Texan who thought that bribing kids for getting good grades was wrong? 
My 9-year-old son bas a learning disability. Nothing .serious. It can be corrected with special help. 
However, he wanted something spe­ cial for for Christmas last year, so my husband told him that if he brought home a good report card! he could have it. 
Well, to make a long story short, our son made a B average the last grading period before Christmas! 
According to his special teacher, he had to work IO times as hard as a normal child in order to make a C average,, so for him to have made a B was fantastic. 
The incentive to achieve is what made the difference. 
Granted, kids always want what their friends have, but if they are willing to work as bard as mine did, they deserve a reward. 
I'm also from Texas, but sign this ... 
- BUSTIN’ MY BUTTONS 
CO NFID EN TIAL TO ALIM ONY 
POOR IN NEW BEDFORD, MASS.: 
There may be plenty of other fish in the sea, but the three you caught took all your bait. 
Give hubby new orders 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Thirty years ago I married a Navy of­ ficer. 

At the time I agreed to 
(I) continue to work, be­ cause he was an ensign who had to shell out ali­ mony, (2) pay half of the household expenses. 

He decided to make the 
Navy his career. I have raised three children, paid for my own ins- 
Cakpet Cake, 

 by 
Ted a d r e n t 

Time is Plentiful-Only Interest Lacking 
C haracter is to some extent judged by what a man does with his time for time is like manna: we can t hoard it. We can't save it. Each day brings its own supply. We ran use it as it comes, or let it waste away. Two extremes are possible in deciding what is important to our life. One is: “ I ani too busy to help.” The other is: It is time to help.” 
Over thirty years ago, I was summoned to a special meeting called to fill an emergency need. Vcrv pointedly. I was asked to be the district chairman of our 
U.S.O.; a highly involved obligation. As a comparative youngster, I used the popular ever-readv and packaged answer: "Bill. I ani too busy. I just don't have time.” His response changed im philosophy and charted my future course in finding time for worthy needs. He said: "Ted, it is not how busy you are, it is 
* 
. 
* rather how interested you are. 
W e Have Time 
Within the past 15 years, it seems to me, non-involvement has again heroine a nationally accepted way of life. Conformity is sweeping the country. 
And while more and more people want to get seats in the grandstand, fewer and fewer want to sweat it out down on the field. More and more men are asking, 
'what ran you do for me?’ rather than, 'what can I do for yon? 
There are two types of key men concerned about time. When the work day starts and quitting time arrives is of great importance to the first kind — but of no importance to the second. Time is of varied importance to many men. One man spends his time at the bar or filling his X rated habits while another nourishes his future with his family, church or civie obligations. 
Iii a time of moon walking and organ transplants, of lie detectors and instant communication, who dares to set time limits on what can be accomplished? In too manv cases, only interest is short, not time. 
Perhaps by 198o, someone will develop a thermometer which will test the intensity of our religious thought, our feeling toward time aud how we should spend it. I doubt that there would ever be a great demand for such a gadget, for most of us would rather keep our opinion of such matters under-cover. 
T ime W ill Tell 
One dav we shall all give an account of our accomplishments; there are some things we will have to admit: "This we almost did. ' "This we may have done.” "T liL we didn t do.* 
How comforting to proudly be able to say: "T his we have done. 
These are our works.” T hese are our children.” "These are the men we have helped.” 
"These are the lives we have lifted. 
Yes, there are rewards for time spent wisely. Time is not lacking — only in­ terest. 
Removing Carpet Stains Demands 
Time - Patience - Knowledge 
Each housekeeper can be a professional doctor of carpet care — if only she takes time and cares. 
Here are some of the simple positive approaches for removing carpet stains: 
• Creasy and Oily Substances. Use dr\-cleaning fluid or absorbent powder cleaner. • Milk. Sponge repeatedly with detergent solution, then with clear water. • Chewing Gum. Freeze the gum by resting an ice cube on the gum for a minute. Then peel the gum off easily. • Acid Substances. Blot up the liquid at once and sponge several times with water to dilute the arid, ll spot remains, sponge lightly with a weak alkaline solution, such as a tablespoon of baking soda to a quart of water. The baking soda should be completely dissolved. 
Sponge with cloth wrung out of clear water. • Beverages. Water, or detergent solution will remove spot in some eases. Iii others, the color of the beverage cannot be removed. 

Next Week 
We will discuss: "Life expectancy in carpet." Until then, think this over: 
"One thing you can learn by watching the clock is that it passes the time by keeping its hands busy. ” 

-Inquire A bout------------- — 
‘ 

• Important booklet on Carpet (.are 
9 Phone, Write, or Visit Ted.Q'Kieut 
• 3oo San Pedro • 227-7j87j 

 ranee, bought my own clothes, purchased and maintained mv own cars. 
He retired a year ago, with benefits of nearly 
$1,5oo a month, but he refuses to let me quit my job. He says I must live up to the agreement we made when we married. 
He just gave me an ul­ timatum — Either I con­ tinue to work and pay my half of the household ex­ penses or I move out. Mv kids say MOVE. 
I could certainly sup­ port myself. I ve been doing it for 35 years. 
Suddenly, I find I don't like my husband very much. How about a bit of advice? - R.W. 
Dear K.W.: F II give you two bits, dearie. Get a good lawyer and make 
Mr. Generous move. 

Alabama 

Dear Ann: 
The letter signed “ Alabama” got to me. I am now 21 (female) and ever since I was 13 
I’ve been the victim of discrimination because of my family. 
My parents fought in public. They were heavy drinkers and notorious for sleeping around. My brothers had been ar­ rested for breaking and entering. One sister was a runaway junkie, an­ other had two out-of-wed­ lock children. We were 

M O N D A Y , A P R IL 25 

Y o u r b irth d a y to d a y : 
B a la n c e p rin c ip le s w ith hard work to bring in what you believe is yours. Lay out a d v a n c e p ro g ra m s , sc h e d u le y o u r la st a u a rte r-y e a r a s a calm , routine period to sustain what you consolidate the first three quarters. 
Relationships are o mot ter of sp ontan eity, good faith. Today’s natives are natural diplomats, interest ed in magic, science, often prefer solitary lives in their later years. 
Those born this year are creative, likely to work in the fine arts. 
A R I E S (M arc h 21-April 
19): 
T h is entire w e e k ’s em phasis is on ethical is­ su e s, the need to fin d previously untried m ethods to solve problems. 
Take the other fe llo w s position into account. 
T A U R U S (April 2o-May 
2o): Do business in w riting to avoid confusion later. A num ber of people auietly hang bock, wait for you to work out the situation for them as well as yourself 
G E M IN I ( M a y 21-June 
2o): 
Solicit help as if y o u ’re s ta rt in g fro m scratch. E a rly h o u rs a re productive; don’t get side tracked to trivial concerns. 
In fa m ily m a tte rs, q u it while ahead. 
C A N C E R (June 21-Julv 
22): 
P e rsu a siv e pow e s are at peak; d o n ’t w aste them on m in or con tacts, irrelevancies. Q uestions of basic principles arise, c a n ’t* be b ru sh e d a sid e m u c h longer. 
LE O (July 23-AUfl. 22): 
Y o u ’re e ithe r y o u r ow n best friend or worst enem y according to how you play it. Where you try too hard for immediate results, you lose out, risk alienation. 

 considered trash. 
I was determined not to let my family ruin my life. It was hard being left out of things but I kept my head up and vowed ' 
I’d lead a decent life and amount to something. 
It CAN be done, be-* cause I did it. Young people need to know they can be in control of their lives if they really cho­ ose to. 
They must believe the right people will judge them on the basis of what 
THE5j are, not their re­ latives. No matter how bad the family reputa­ tion. is. they CAN make it if they hang in there. No name, just — A Girl 
From Long Island. 
Dear 
L.I.: 
What encouragement you have got given to millions. My warm thanks, dear 
Teens 
Parents, what should you do if your teenager is having sexual relations? 
Ann Landers’s new book­ let, “ High School Sex and 
How to Deal With It — A 
Guide for Teens and 
Their Parents.” gives non-nonsense advice on how to handle this deli­ cate situation. 
For each booklet, send 
5o cents in coin plus a long, stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, Express-News, 
Box 2171. San Antonio, 
Tex. 78297. 

Going to the hospi­ tal is almost always an unsettling exper­ ience, and this is certainly true for a child. 

-Judging from (he ex­ perience in my own fa­ mily, I suspect there are few families which do not at some time have a child go to the hospital for an operation or a serious illness. 
What can the parent do to help a child? Part of the problem is appre­ ciating the experience from the child’s point of view. 
Every child has some anxiety in living in the land of the giants 
(adults), and this anxiety can be markedly in­ creased in the strange and unfamiliar world of the hospital. 
Needles 
Mary Sheridan is a so­ cial work instructor at the Medical Center of the 
University of Illinois in 
Chicago, and she studied the reactions of children in the hospital. She notes that of all that is done to children in the hospital, needles evoke the grea­ test reaction. 
Even more than sur­ gery. the needle is upset­ ting. Whether for an in­ jection, or drawing blood. or an intravenous solu­ tion, the needle is not on­ ly unwelcome, but it can evoke an overwhelming and sometimes intracta­ ble terror. 
No matter how much reassurance is given that the shot, is “ going to help you.” the child has trou­ ble fully understanding it. More than one child has fantasized revenge in growing up and sticking others as he was stuck. 
Worries 
Miss Sheridan also cites other worries of children in the hospital. 
Sometimes the child be­ lieves that the illness is his or her fault. 
If the child is facing surgery, he may see it as an assault or mutilation about which he has no say. 
The child may wonder if the hospital can really help. This may be espe­ cially true for youngsters who have a chronic ill­ ness. 
Children can tell fairly quickly, too, that the ho­ spital is organized for the convenience of the staff and not the patients. And they may feel the treat- 

INSIGHTS 

 ment is worse than the disease. 
Of course, all may not be had about going to the hospital. It can be a time of special attention, when one receives sympathy* from all the family and is the center of family con­ cern. It is also a mini-va­ cation from responsibi­ lities at home and in school. 
Help 
Recognizing these reactions , what can you do to help your child? 
First, since separation can be difficult for a 

 young child, plan to be with your child in the ini­ tial period of hospitaliza­ tion. 
Most hospital pediatric wards try to accommo­ date parents, so the child can be reassured by the presence of a familiar fi­ gure. 
Second, get a grip on your own feelings. If you are anxious and worried, your child will be doubly so. Indeed, if you are overly anxious, you may complicate your child’s adjustment to the hospi­ tal, and the staff may have to ask you to . leave. 

Third, you need to un­ derstand what is happen­ ing and share what infor­ mation you can with your child. Explain what is happening, and when you are not sure, ask the doc­ tor or hospital staff to explain. 
Finally, listen to your child; sense where he or she is at. Encourage a sharing of feelings, and of fantasies. Anticipate trouble feelings, and even if you cannot do anything to relieve the feelings, respect fbnm. 

Rook 
To help get at the feelings, Joan Ellen Las­ key has prepared a drawing and coloring book for children: “ Color 
Me Sick, Color Me Well.” 
(Available from Peach 
Publications, 353 E. 83rd 
St., New York, New York 
1oo28, $2.95 plus postage and handling.) 

You are invited to come in and inspect a collection of diamonds now in our large diamond inventory, and to examine the many choices in size, color, and clarity at attractive prices. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone.® 

1/4 carat 
3/8 carat 
1/2 carat 
3/4 carat collection collection collection collection 
$15o — $325* $3oo — $525* $55o — $9oo* $11oo — $195o* 

‘ Prices will vary according to exact 
*|___ diamond weight and quality. 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 

163 E. Houston Street I North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Use one of Hertzberg's convenient charge plans or 
American Express, BankAmericard, Master Charge 
Mail and Phone Inquiries Invited: (512) 226 9374 I 341-2566 / 654-123o 
Please add sales tax where applicable plus $2 for postage and handling. 

By 
JE A N E DIXON 

V I R G O ( A u g . 23-Sept. 
22): lf vou owe a friend a favor, now is the time to repay it. D e c isio n s seem e a sie r. P ro m o te e x c u r ­ sions, investment schemes, but avoid an y m ajor re vi­ sions. 
L IB R A (Sept. 23 Oct. 22): 
Stop dithering, test plans bv nutting them into action. 
Go after people who can do something for you. Team work su cc e e d s w here in­ dividual efforts fail. 
S C O R P IO (Oct. 23-Nov. 
21): 
E x p e r im e n t s , specualtion, criticism are taboo. T h e y ’d only upset what's in the w orks for the future. P u rs u e rom ance, patch up lapsed emotional ties. 
S A G G I T T A R I U S (N ov. 
22-Dec. 21): Longshots pay off for others, not you. At m ost, go fo r a w e ll-c a l­ culated risk . D is c u s s in g co n fid e n tia l m a tte rs so people overhear gets you in hot water. 
C A P R I C O R N 
(Dec. 
22-Jan. 19): 
N o th in g is quite in order, yet nothing is far from norm al, so how to go about it is a delicate choice. Cultivate contacts for business while so cializing. 
A Q U A R IU S (Jan. 2o-Feb. 
19): 
Do a good job for expected reward, lf the pay doesn’t justify what you do, look about for a ch an ge soon. This isn ’t the dav to cut loose from where you are. 
P IS C E S (Feb. 19-March 
2o): 
Recordkeeping is Im ­ portant s a v e s e n e rgy bv avoiding duplications of ef­ fort. 
P e o p le c o n c e rn e d want things to go the way you do, for different reasons. 

Turner-Schwegmann 

Mr. and Mrs. Bobby 
)on Turner announce the igagem ent of their laughter, Deborah Hay. to 
J a m e s 
R ichard 
[Schwegmann, son of Mr. 
[and Mrs. Victor Schweg- 
[mann. 
The b ride-elect is a 
[graduate of McCollum 
High School. She was a 

I member of the Vocation­ a l Office Education, Fu­ ture 
S e c re ta rie s of 
America, Office E duca­ tion Association, Future 
T e a c h e rs of A m erica, 
ROTC. NCO Club, and 

Cadence Cadettes. 
Her fiance graduated with honors from the 
University of Texas at 
Austin where he received a bachelor of science degree in mechanical en­ gineering. 
He is a member of the Universi­ ty of Texas Ex-Student 
Association, Texas Socie­ ty of Professional Egin- eers, and the National 
Society of Professional 
Engineers. 
The couple plans an 
Aug. 2o wedding in San 
Jose Miasion. 

Knutson-Larson 

The Rev. and Mrs. 
L aw rence Knutson a n ­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Rebec­ ca Lynn Knutson of Ana­ heim, Calif., to Raymond 
E. Larson Jr. of Orange, 
Calif. 
The b ride-elect is a g rad u ate of H ighlands 
High School. She was a member of the National 
Honor Society, Sigm a 
Epsilon, was Club Editor 

 of the Tartan, and named to Who's Who at High­ lands. She is a candidate for June graduation from 
Melodyland School of 
Theology in Anaheim. 
Her fiance graduated from 
G lendora 
High 
School and Southern Ca­ lifornia College. 
A June 18 wedding is planned in the Olive As­ sembly of God Church at 
Orange, Calif. 

Bixler-Schoultz 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. 
Bixler of Denver a n ­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Rebec­ ca Jane, to Russell Scott 
Schoultz, son of Mrs. 
X orb ert 
H eider and 
Perry A. Schoultz. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Westchester 
High School in Houston. 
She is a candidate for 
May g rad u atio n from 
Trinity University where 

 she is a member of the 
M ortar Board and Mu 
Phi Epsilon. 
Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School and is attending 
San 
Antonio 
College w here he is on the Dean’s 
List. He served in the 
U.S. Navy. 
A July 3o wedding is planned in the Margarite 
B. P a rk e r Chapel at 
Trinity University. 

Pasterchick-Bartlett 

Mr. and Mrs. George 
A. Pasterchick announce the engagement of their d a u g h te r. G eorgia, to 
Erie Bartlett of Humble, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Bryce VV. B artlett of 
Humble. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of Winston 
Churchill High School. 
She is a candidate for 
May g rad u atio n from 
Southw est Texas State 

University where she will receive a B S. degree in education. 
Her fiance graduated from 
H um ble 
High 
School and is attending 
Southwest Texas State 
University where he is a m em ber of the varsity basketball team 
An Aug. 8 wedding is planned in St. M a rk ’s 
United 
M ethodist 
Church. 

Troberman-Minton 

Lt. Col. and Mrs. Har­ old E. T ro b erm an a n ­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Jeanne 
Marie, to Gregory Allen 
Minton, son of Lt. Col. and M rs. G arland A. 
Minton. 

The b rid e-elect g r a ­ duated from Randolph 
High School and is a t­ tending Lee’s School of 
Business. She represent­ ed Kelly AFB as princess during Fiesta Week. 
Her fiance graduated 

 from M acA rthur High 
School and received a bachelor of arts degree in zoology and biology from the University of Texas at Austin. He is a candi­ date for, May graduation from the U niversity of 
Texas Dental School at 
San Antonio w here he will receive his doctor of dental surgery degree. 
He was president of Delta 
Sigma Delta. 
A June 12 wedding in 
Chapel One of Randolph 
AFB is planned. 

Dominguez-Moeller 

Mr. and Mrs. Simon M. 
Dominguez announce the e n g a g e m e n t of th eir daughter, Rose Ann. to 
Galen Q. Moeller of San 
Angelo, son of N orbert 
Moeller of Rowena and the late Mrs. Magdalene 
Moeller. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of B urbank 
High School and San An­ tonio College. She was a member of the Pep squad and the Year Book Staff. 
H er fiance is a gra- d a u a te of St. M a ry ’s 

University where he re­ ceived a B A. degree and 
J.D. degree. He was vice president of the Student 
Body, president of Spe­ lunking Society, member of Delta Theta Phi and 
Lambda Chi Alpha. He is a member of Tom Green 
County Junior Bar Asso­ ciation. Texas Bar Asso­ ciation and the American 
Bar Associution. 
The w edding is planned for June 25 in St. 
Mary’s 
University 
As­ sumption Chapel. 

TRAVIS PARK 
JEWELERS 

428 N. St. M ary’* St. 
' . 
Next to Slue Bonnet Hotel... 

 r 
* * S A L i 
I DIAMOND EAR STUD 14KT I 
I 
AU FINE QUALITY FULL CUT DIAMONDS 
8 

 iiO ft 

£ Reg. $125.oo 
^ {^ 9 5 
Now 

V, R tg.$25o.oo 
I o 4 9 7 
Now I A*# 

Rig. $15o.oo f Q 9 5 S* 
Now 
/ J 
% 

 over I Vt carats 
Ut*. $1495.oo A A C OO 
N ow o 7 J 

R»g. $45o.ooi a coo 
Now IYJ 
Reg. $9^ 
o o 3 9 ^ o o ::: 

Park Fro© Up to I Hr. with Purchase 
At San A ntonio Bonk A Trust G arage . 
Cash, Budget, L a ya w a y, B a nkA m ericard 
M aster Charge, A m erican Express 

Travis Park Jewelers 

N e x t to th e B lu e B o n n e t H o t e l L o b b y 

4 2 8 N. St. M a r y ’s 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 

FASHION 

FABRICS 

BY 

THE 

YARD 

WONDER 

WORLD 

OF 
FABRICS 

INVENTORY REDUCTION 

PRICES GOOD: MON., APRIL 25TH 
THRU SAT., APRIL SOTH ALSO 
GOOD SUNDAY, APRIL 24TH AT 
OUR BROADWAY LOCATION 
WEEKLONG 
SALE 
AT ALL SIX BIG 
STORES 

DON’T FORGET 
BONUS 
WEDNESDAY 

WHEN YOU MAY 
SAVE 1o%-15% 
2o%-25% 

KNITS 

 e POLYESTER DOUBLE KNITS 
SUPER BUYS 

IN OUR KNIT DEPT. 
BRIDAL 

SOMETHING FOR 
EVERYTHING FOR 
EVERYONE AND ANY 
BRIDE OR BRIDESMAID 
SPORTSWEAR 

LARGE SELECTION 
OF COTTONS AND 
COTTON BLENDS 
DRAPERY & 
UPHOLSTERY 

VINYLS, HERCULONS 
AND DRAPERY AT 
GREAT SAVINGS 

BELIEVE IJS 
WHEN WE SAY 
YOU WILL SAVE! 
SAVE! 
SAVE! 
SAVE! 

All C lo th World's 
G elling 
Ready For Inventory And MUST Re­ duce Their Stocks— So Ail This Week 
You WHI Find Beautiful Fabrics At 
Greatly R educed Prices From These 
Famous Mills: 

DEERING MILLIKEN 
SPRING MILLS 
DAN RIVER 
WAMSUTTA 
SUMMERFIELD 
BURLINGTON 
KNIT AWAY 
STEHLI AND MANY, MANY OTHER 
GREAT MILLS. 

'Si**'®’’* 

ALL OF SAN ANTONIO IS TALKING 
ABOUT CLOTH WORLD S GREAT BUYS Al 
THE INVENTORY REDUCTION 
Clearance Sale 
JOIN THE CROWDS AND SAVE 

WE RESERVE I H E RIGHT TO RESERV E OI VV11 TIES 

Agy 

O jy 

1 1 4 2 5 PERRIN BEITEL RD. 
P W * Ne. 69 3-9243 
O N N 6 DAYS A W IIK 
Urn -lr. I JO C J M M L Sal « 3o * PM 

4 8 1 5 B R O A D W A Y 
Atom s Heteht. 
Phono No. *2 1 -3 4 4 o 
O N N 6 DAYS A W IIK 
M o n .-M . 9:3o A.M. 
9 P.M. Sun. 11 'til 6 

Page 
I O E 
* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977. 
DISPLACED 

Continued from Page l-E 

 old skills are. rusty; they may never have used an electric typewriter 
H undreds of th o u ­ sands. of course. w<ent s tra ig h t from the high school or college class* room to the kitchen dur­ ing the "golden age” of fa m ily life in the 195os and e a rly ’fids. That degree in art history or 
E nglish lite ra tu re was never put to the test in the marketplace. 

And the picture is not changing as fast as news of the w om en's m ove­ m ent m ig h t ind icate . 
Half of all American wo­ men s till are unpaid housewives. 

Trouble 

"D is p la c e d hom e­ m akers” are defined as w omen over 35 who have lost th e ir source of support and who have tro u b le fin d in g a job. 
Their number is hard to place, according to 
Laurie Shields. 
They range from “ two tit seven m illion, because there just aren't any hard fig ures on this group. 
They don't show up on 
Social Security records or unem ploym ent s ta t i s - ties.” 
But they are there, as 
M rs 
Shields and Mrs. 
Summers have learned. 
"Somehow I have fa I - leu out of the snug ham­ mock of society into the limbo of hopelessness." wrote a divorcee in a le t­ ter to their \<)YV office iii 
Oakland. Calif. 
They heard of a woman in Princeton. N. I., who has a 25-year-old m as­ te r's degree but can't make ends meet — be­ cause the only job she can find is as a p a rt-tim e sales clerk. 
A San Francisco wo­ man of 59 described herself as feeling “ like a fish out of water” when her marriage of 39 years broke up. 
She has reared two children and has never worked outside the home. 
The prospects are cro w in g b rig h te r, but they are hardly sunny for women who find them ­ selves displaced from a career that they thought would last a lifetime. 
Help is coming on se­ veral levels. Three states 
— ( alifornia, Florida and 
.Maryland — have passed legislation that paves the 

 way for counseling, train in g and job place­ ment services. Centers already are operating iii 
Oakland and Baltimore. 

Twenty-nine additional states are considering si­ m ilar programs, and fe­ deral leg isla tion in tro ­ duced last year is ex­ pected to pass before m i­ dyear; it reportedly has 
P resident C a rte r’s ap­ proval. 

“ There’s nothing con­ troversial about it.” ex­ plains Mrs. Shields. 
Other institutio ns ex­ tending a helping hand include private founda­ tions. state education o ffices. m anpower agencies and wom en’s studies departm ents at major universities. 
Ari econom ist at 
R utgers U n iv e rs ity in 
New Jersey has a new idea fo r in clu d in g housewives i i i the Social 
Security system — a step that has been advocated by many in principle, but that has been deemed too impractical. 
The financial value of the housewife's job has long been known, but this country isn't ready to see husbands paying salaries to wives — and so this economist suggests that housewives employ each other. 
Prosperity, however, is not around the corner for most of these older wo­ men. Salaries for men tend to increase substan­ tia lly with age. This is not true for women. 
I iicome 

The average income for working women over 
45 was $7,773 in 1974. com pared w ith $14.K17 for men. This was the same year in which it was noted that men had increased their economic edge over women even further. In 1955. men had received 5H percent more than women; by 1974. it was 75 per cent. 
M iddle-aged women who join the labor force generally m ust accept low pay. counting them­ selves lucky to land jobs at all. 
“ It's a s ta rt.” com ­ ments a counselor at the 
B a ltim o re 
Displaced 
H om em akers 
(e n te r. 
“ After they get some ex­ perience. they can move on to higher pay.” 
M onday’s 
Express: 
Placing the Displaced. 
Legs play peek-a-boo 

T a k e a m inute to say “ hello” to your legs. 
T r y to get r e a c q u a i n t e d b e ­ c a u s e this s e a s o n they will be in the spotlight. 
A skirt just isn't a skirt unless it parades your legs out in the open! 
Dear Jennifer: After a long and cold w inter of pants and boots. I'm cager to get back into a s kirt and feel fem inine again. 
Mv legs have never been my best feature but. w ith the longer s k irt lengths. I feel I should work on this area of my body to make these graceful gathered skirts wor k to my advantage. 
How about some help for the ladies who don't have the willowy gams of a fashion model? — Me­ lissa B., Montreal. Que. 
Your letter is typical of m any I receive. Legs tend to be the most neg­ lected part of the body. 
Women feel they can change and rearrange their faces, but are pretty well stuck with the un­ d erp in n in g s nature handed them. Not so. 
Smoothing and groom­ ing along with corrective exercise and a bit of fa­ shion smarts can change your a ttitu d e tow ard 
“ showing” your legs. 
Silky smooth 
Keeping legs silky smooth is foolproof if you spend five minutes every day massaging in a good body lotion. Pay special attention to knees, heels and the back of the thighs. 
W eekly hair-rem oval either by shaving, depi­ latory creams or waxing 
(the latter lasts the lon­ gest and is worth the in­ vestment). 
Q uick-tanning lotions that w ill tint the skin with or without the sun also 

 have a smoothing skin conditioner in them and w ill give your legs a nice color for three to five days, then repeat Hic* ap­ plication. 
To reshape and slim the entire leg, here is a good exercise: lie on your left side, torso propped up by your hand, palms down on the floor. 
Raise right leg. bend­ ing at the knee, and touch your toes to your left knee. Do this HI times and reverse to the other side. 

< lall m u s c l e s 
Now try this one to firm up your c a lf muscles: 
With your feet together and your hands on your hips, rise up and down on your toes, increasing your speed until you be- gin to feel the ache. Don't overdo or your legs w ill be very stiff. 
Learn to get a total look of your body in a fu ll­ length m irro r and the most a ttra c tiv e s k irt length w ill be easily de­ termined. 
Don’t let fashion d ic­ tate the length. This sea­ son anything goes and finding the hemline that suits your legs is the most important decision. 
The right shade of hose and line of shoe also can make a big difference in presenting your legs to advantage. 
For Jennifer’s beauty booklet. A L L ABOUT 
HAIR, send $1.25 plus a long. stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope to Ask 
Jennifer, care of The Ex­ press, Box 2171, San An­ tonio. Tex. 78297. 

Our Garden Party! 

We’re showing off oui; delightfully fresh young-as-spring fashion finds. 
Sporty looks to play in. 
Romantic looks to party in. 
And everything's priced with your budget in mind. 
After all, you're our guest of honor 

They've arrived. This season’s cool, crisp, colorful looks. Fresh as all outdoors. 
Come meet them at our fashion Garden 
Party. Luscious summer knits, sheer voiles tiered to great new lengths, jacket dresses, soft and easy suits and separates. Sportier type'? You're in for a < 5 ^ ^ treat! With bare little sundresses, tee 
. shirt dresses, and lots more. Colors go from sunshiny brights to pale pastels. 
Sizes from junior to half size. 
Everything's easy care, easy on your budget 
Priced from $ 1 3 . to $ 4 o . 

JCPenney 
San Antonio 
J 

A. 

1977 JCPenney Co . Inc 

Sunday April 24 1977 

 mmsm rn- 
EXPRESS 
NEWS 

VVI 

CASCO fling 

 will benefit 

 charity fund 

 r^SS, 

C en tral A m e ric an So­ c ia l-C u ltu ra l O r g a n i z a ­ tion (CASCO) will have its annual fiesta from 3 to ll p .m . S a t u r d a y in 
Beethoven M aennerchor 
Hall. 

The event will benefit the organization’s Central Ameri­ can Charities and Scholarship 
F'und. 

Admission to the event is $1 for adults, and children will be admitted free if accompanied by an adult. 

CASCO was founded by the late Mrs. Charles Renaud for the purpose of learning more about 
C entral 
A m erican countries and to bring about a better understanding between them and the U.S. 

It’s present project is to aid 
\ in the rehabilitation of three 
Mezquite Indian children from 

Nicaragua who were born with serious physical defects. 
The children are now in San 
Antonio for treatment and for artificial limbs. 

Central American music and dancing will highlight the event. Ut. Col. Dan L. Kott and 
Mrs. Edward Kyle are enter­ tainment chairmen. 

Foods from Central America will be served. Other activities include an art exhibit, a fish pond for children and a White 
Elephant sale. 

Mrs. M S. Hoover is food chairman, assisted by Mines. 
G unther 
F re ita g , 
R obert 
Shivers, and Harry Winslow. 

Also working on the Fiesta are Mines. IJ ta. Bor bon, Dan 
L. Kott, Ed Garcia, Fernando 
Diaz and Beatrice Gonzales. 

Also, F ern an d o Diaz and 
Mrs. Geneva Short. 

Mrs. Ruth Shawk is presi­ dent of CASCO. 

MRS. HARRY C. W IN S L O W wears a traditional wedding chain with her dress from Panama for the C A S C O fiesta 
June vows planned by couple 

Mr. and Mrs. Andrew 
N. White of Canton an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. Peggy 
Jean White of Denton, to 
Emory Jones HI of Hous­ ton. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Emory Jones 
Jr. 

The b ride-elect g r a ­ duated from Mission 
High School and Baylor 
University where she was a m em ber of Pi Alpha 
Lambda. She served as assistant director of the 
North Texas State Uni­ versity Baptist Student 
Union. 

Her fiance graduated from Winston Churchill 
High School and attended 
Southwest Texas State 
University where he was a member of Delta Upsi­ lon. He graduated from 
Baylor University where he was a member of Al­ pha Epsilon and attended 
Southwestern Baptist Se­ minary in Wake Forest, 
X. C. 

A June ll wedding is planned in the First Bap­ tist Church of Denton. 

■apx 

I * '- I 
Lji >// 

/ 

 ii 

;':y 

, . 
W '.'AO. ■ 
. 

 c 

 vc 

ZI 

- • J : 
;:«hJ’/j>r< > 
.••Vcltf}*l f 

PEGGY J. WHITE 

McConoghy-Lagano 

Mrs. Evalin Steward and J a m e s McConogy announce the e n g ag e ­ ment of their daughter, 
Pamela Rose McConogy, to W illiam Joseph L a­ gune of Milwaukee. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
William Francis Lagano of Largo, Flu. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas Jef­ ferson High School. She atten ded San Antonio 
College and St. Cloud 
State College in Minne­ sota. 

Her fiance received his bachelor’s degree from 
M a rq u ette U niversity w here he is presently working towards a m as­ te r’s degree. 
The w edding is planned for June 24 in 
Holy 
Spirit 
Catholic 
Church. 

% 
H 
\ m t 

 v, 

\ 

HI 

: Si 

FLORAL applique in bright red adorns the handmade dress of Mrs. Harry C. Winslow. A tiered dress of white silk from Pana El Salvador is worn by Mrs. Robert A. Shivers. 
Trimmed in lace, the gown is accented with sprays of flowers and coffee beans. 

V 

7 

‘-a*’ 

A r'9 

\ 

 v\ 

Bright, cool 
Hawaiian print sundresses styled by M alta 

You can trust Malta to come up with the brightest, freshest ideas in sun- dressing! 
Here, dynamic graphics and bold florals give you an exotic summer look in crisp, cool cotton. Far left, the square neck sundress with a self tie belt, in navy/w hite graphic print. Near left, floral print tucked bodice dress with back sash and ruf­ fled hem. Each in sizes 6-14, 46.oo. 
Charge your choice in the Patio Shop, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin and be cool this summer! 

NJ 

 rn 

 r n 
JOSHES 

M A UNIT OF ALI IED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Lyon 

||g!«ngad|ftments. 
$ eijgage 

Salinas-Meyer vows said in 
Catholic rites 

Aladdin's 
Va price service: 
TRAFFICLANE CLEANING" 

Putting off having your carpet cleaned? 
Don't! N ow you can have just the traffic 

 areas cleaned without moving all your furniture. 

Convenient, practical . . . and half the price. 

SERVICES, Inc. 

Call for free estimate 

315 W. Josephine • 736-1821 

Professional Cleaners of Carpet, Draperies & Furniture 

Richter-Tucker 

Linda 
R ae 
R ic h te r , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
J o e H. S r u b a r , is e n ­ gaged to Thom as Gates 
Tucker, son of Mrs. Ja ck 
G. T u ck er and the late 
Maj. Tucker. 
The b rid e -e le c t is a g ra d u a te of Southw est 
T exas State University. 
H er fia n ce g ra d u a ted fro m T e x a s A&M U n i­ versity. 
T he . w edding is planned for Ju n e 4 in 
Chapel One at F t. Sam 
Houston. 

Wolf-Heath 
Ut. 
Col. and 
M rs. 
Henry Nevin W olf a n ­ nounce the engagem ent of their d aughter, Can­ dace Eileen to William 
Andrew Heath, son of Dr. and Mrs. Joe D. Heath of 
Kermit. 
The bride-elect attend­ ed Alamo Heights High 
School and g rad u ated with honors from Texas 
T e ch U n iv e rs ity . Her fiance grad u ated from 
Kermit High School and the University of Texas at El Paso. The couple will g ra d u a te In May from the U n iv ersity of 
T exas Dental School at 
San Antonio. 
A Ju n e I w edding is planned 
Neugebauer-Gurgiolo 

Mr. and Mrs. Alfred J . 
N eu g eb a u er announce the e n g a g e m e n t th e ir d a u g h te r, 
M a r g a re t 
E la in e , to C h arles W il­ liam Gurgiolo, son of Mr. and M rs. C h arles G u r­ giolo. 
The b r id e -e le c t is a g ra d u a te of H ighlands 
High School. Her fiance g ra d u a ted from 
St. 
Mary’s University. 
A Ju ly 23 wedding is planned in St. G regory the 
G re a t 
C ath olic 
Church. 
Formal dance is scheduled 
The 57 Club will have a formal dance from 8 to 11 p.m. Thursday. May 5, in the USO Ballroom. 
Mrs. Alex Krisch is in charge of refreshments. 
Guests w ill be received by Messers, and Mines. 
Walter Krause, Charles 
Murphy, Max T rae g e r, and Mrs. Helen Robalin, 
Mrs. Vivian Brantley and 
Carman Hockey. 

Teal-Dolezal 

Katherine Diane Teal, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
C h arles H. T ea l, is e n ­ gaged to L e s te r Jo h n 
Dotezal of Port Aransas, son of M r. and M rs. 
Lawrence W. Dolezai of 
Anthony, N.M. 
T h e b rid e -e le c t is a g ra d u a te of Jo h n M a r­ shall High School and at­ tended San Antonio Col­ lege. She is attending the 

U n iv ersity of T e x a s at 
San Antonio. 
Her fiance graduated from 
G ad sden 
High 
School in Anthony. He is stationed at Port Aransas with the 
U .S . 
Coast 
Guard. 

The w edding is planned for Ju ne ll in St. 
M atth ew s 
C ath olic 
Church." 

HURRY! SALE ENDS MAY 28, 1977 
36o« 

ONEIDA^ //(Y f/fX m STAINLESS 
5-Piece Place Seiling 

Contains: 

Place Settings consist of: S a la d Fork, Place Fork, 

Place K nife, Place Spoon, Teaspooon 
8 f s a n 

M 
V _ P (Reg $ 2 5 o o ) 

6 PATTERNS TO C H O O S E FR O M 

♦-PIECE SERVINO SET 

B u tter K n ife, S u g a r S p o o n , 

2 T a b le s p o o n s . G ift B o n ed 

S A LE * 1 8 .7 5 R eg $ 2 5 OO 

♦ P IE C E H O S T E S S S E T 

G ravy L a d le . C o ld M e a t F o rk , 
Ped T ab le s p o o n . C a s s e ro le 

S p o o n G ift B o x e d . 

S A LE *2 4 .o o 
Rog $ 3 2 .o o 
□ONEIDA 

GIFT SHOP 

• 1o2o DONALDSON • 735-3761 
• 512o BROADWAY - 822-9824 

• 5728 EVERS RD. - 684-1595 
Choose from a bouquet of patterns 

 and save during our annual 
OPEN STOCK SALE 

International Fine Stainless 

 if*. 
V 
S ave 
33-1/ 3 % 
On all open stock place setting and serving pieces. 

GIFT SHOP 

The choice is yours, the pat­ terns are International favo­ rites. Take this opportunity to bring elegance and beauty to your table. W hether you're adding on or com pleting your present s e t, or starting a new one, you'll sav e during this lim ited time sale on all pieces. For example, a 
5-piece place setting that norm ally sells for $25.oo is now only $16.65. 
* 
Come in today and save. 

• 1o2o DONALDSON - 735-3761 

• 512o BROADWAY -822-9824 

• 5728 EVERS RD.-684-1595 
I 

Paqe 
2 F 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Wedding vows are recited 

Charlotte United Meth­ odist Church in Charlotte was the setting Saturday for the marriage of Miss 
Claudia Louise T hom p­ son and Michael Jeffrey 
Hines, both of P leasan ­ ton. The Rev. Bill Law- rence officiated. 
The b rid e is the daughter of Mrs. Fred R. 
Thompson of Pleasanton. 
She was given in m a r ­ ria g e by h e r twin b ro th e r, 
R a n d a ll 
C. 
Thompson. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
A L. Hines of P le a sa n ­ ton. 

Maid of honor w as Gale 
Am nions. B rid e sm aid s were Peggy Atchison of 
Harlingen. M rs. Steven 
Charles and Mrs. Randall 
C. Thompson. 
The groom ’s brother. 
Greg L. Hines, served as best m an. Groom sm en were John Miles of De- vine, 
D annie 
H ines, brother of the groom, and 
Martin Atchison Jr. 
A s s istin g as ushers were Jo el McDaniel of 
McCoy. Raymond Mann and John Jarv is, both of 
P le a s a n to n , and G ary 
Eichman of Poteet. 
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s m other follow ing the ceremony. 
The couple will reside in Pleasanton. 

MRS. MICHAEL JE F F R E Y HINES 

M iss G aylene M arie 
Floyd became the bride of Royce Edward Tenney 
J r . , Saturday in Cokes­ bury United Methodist 
Church. The Rev. Lester 
H. Haines officiated. 
The brid e is the daughter of Mrs. Harold 
Forest Floyd and the late 
Mr. Floyd. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Royce Edward Tenney . 

Tenney-Floyd 
The bride was given in marriage by her brother. 
John D. Floyd. 

M atron of honor was 
Mrs. Ronald K. Schott, sister of the bride. Serv­ ing as best man was Ray 
Hunter. 

A reception was held at the St. Lawrence Parish 
Hall following the c e re ­ mony. 

Samuel Hazlett, 
Sarah Phillips recite nuptials 

Christ Lutheran Church was the set­ ting Saturday for the wedding of Miss 
Sarah Ruth Phillips and Samuel Boyd 
Hazlett. The Rev. Arthur E. Rode offi­ ciated . 
The bride is the daughter of Col. and 
Mrs. F re d erick S. Phillips of R an ­ dolph, AFB. The groom’s parents are 
CM. Sgt. (re t.) and M rs. Boyd D. 
Hazlett of Concord, Calif. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Roger J . 
McNeil of Indianapolis and. maid of honor was Ann Louise Phillips, both sisters of the bride. Bridesmaid was 
Mrs. Joseph Feiten of Denver. 
Jesse Ja m e s of Corpus Christi served as best man. Groomsmen were F r e ­ derick S. Phillips Jr . of Austin, brother of the bride, and Rick Juarez. Usher was Paul Allen Phillips, brother of the bride. 
A reception was held at the Randolph 
AFB Officer’s Club. 
After a wedding trip to Arizona, New 
Mexico, and California, the couple will reside in San Francisco. 
Richard Dugie, 
Debra L. Rilin are married 

Miss Debra Lynn Rihn became the bride of 
Richard 
David 
Dugie of 
Karnes City .'Saturday in St. Margaret 
Mary’s Catholic Church. The Rev. Paul 
Cleary officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. A. F. Rihn. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Dugie of Kar­ nes City. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Scott Rice, sister of the bride. Maid of honor was 
Melissa Farr. Bridesmaids were Becky 
D reyer, Kim F a rr. Laura Sievers, 
Barbara Huslage, Leona Dogie, sister of the groom, and Margaret Dragon. 
Serving as flower girl was Rhonda 
Warzecha and ringbearer was Troy 
Pawelek. 
Best man was Ja c o b Dugie J r . , brother of the groom. G room sm en were Scott Rice, Vincent Dupnik. Pete 
Schemer, Zafirin Moczygemba, Albert 
Janysek, Patrick Wiatrek and Allen 
M o czyg em ba. 
U sh ers w ere Jo h n 
Pawelek and David Banduch. 
A reception was held at the Knights of Columbus Hall following the cere­ mony. 

MRS. SAMUEL B. HAZLETT 

MRS. RICHARD D. DUGIE 

CHOOSE FROM 

The marriage of Miss Frances Caro­ lyn Meyer and Gerardo G. Salinas was solemnized Friday in Blessed Sacra­ ment Catholic Church by the Rev. 
George Gloeckner. 
Parents of the couple are Mr. and 
Mrs. Samuel A. Meyer and Mr. and 
Mrs. Gustavo Salinas of Zapata. 
Maid of honor was Miriam Meyer. 
Bridesmaids were Clay Ann Garner, 
V alerie L evendeeker, M artha Ann 
Hall. Iris Sanchez, Dalhia Gam ez, 
Minnie Dora Haynes, M aria Lidia 
Laurel and Michelle Bruni. Flower girl was Laura Lawson. 
Serving as best man was Gustavo 
Salinas. Groomsmen were Benjamin 
Alexander, Fernando Zuniga, A lex­ ander Meyer, Michael Port man. Ce­ s a r e Porras and Jake Rathmell. 
A ssistin g as ushers w ere Louis 
Kowalski III. Gilberto Gamez, J . J . 
Haynes and Louis Seeman. 
A reception was held at the Oasis 
Club following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to Europe, the couple will reside in Laredo. 
MRS. GERARDO G. SALINAS 

Miss Ann Albach becomes bride of Paul Meyer 

KettleCIoth Chambray 
Reg. s2.49 yd. 

T h e No. I sp ortsw ear fabric. G reat for spring and su m m er sew ing, 4 4 - 4 5 " wide * m a ch in e w ashable. 

Calico Prints. Reg. *2.29 yd. 

L arge a s s o rtm e n t of the m o st wanted c a lico prints for blou ses and d re sse s. Tile p e rfe ct co o rd in ate. 4 4 - 4 5 ’’ wide • m ach in e w ashable. 

Bright Whites Top and Bottom Weights. 
Special Purchase! 

For that bright white s u m m e r look, s e le c t the perfect weight for b lo u ses, skirts, p a n ts and even ja c k e ts . 4 4 - 4 5 ” wide m a ch in e w ashable. 

S o c o m e to S in g e r and pick up s o m e fabric. It’s ju st what you need for a g re at-lo o k in g su m m er. 

M ost fa b rics at m o st sto res. 

SINGER 
SEWING CENTERS 

517 McCreless P la z a ............................. 5 3 4 - 6 1 5 4 

2o6 Wonderland Shopping C ity......... 7 3 5 - 6 1 6 8 

228 Central Park Shopping Center .. 3 4 2 - 5 2 3 3 

715 S.W. Military Drive 
.............. 9 2 2 - 2 1 3 1 

Miss Ann Catherine Albach and Paul 
Raymond Meyer, botli of Houston, were married Saturday in the Catholic Stu­ dent C enter at Rice U niversity in 
Houston. O fficiating were the Rev. 
Joseph VVyss and the Rev. Randall K. 
Wilburn. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Walter C. Albach of Dallas. The groom ’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Raymond Meyer. 
Maids of honor were Ja n Albach, sister of the bride, and Janice Green, both of Houston. 
The groom’s brother. Joseph Meyer of A ustin, served as b est m an. 
G ro om sm an was G ary M enzel of 
Houston. 
A reception was held in the Cohen 
House at Rice University following the ceremony. 

MR. AND MRS. P. R. M EYER 

FRANCISCO J. CORTEZ 
JONI L. HAWES 
Joni L. 
, 
F. J. Cortez to be married in August vows 

Miss Joni Leigh Hawes, daughter of 
Mrs. Evelvn Reger Hawes and Gordon 
Hawes, is engaged to Francisco Javier 
Cortez, son of Mr. and Mrs. Rafael 
Cortez. 

The couple graduated from Edison 
High School. Miss Hawes is attending 
Trinity University. 

An Aug. 13 wedding is planned in 
Laurel Heights Methodist Church. 

Stafford-M iddleton 

JOHN A. KLEIN 
HALLA A. WINANS 
Halla Winans, 
John A. Klein engagement is revealed 

Mr. and Mrs. Francis Adolph Winans of Marion announce the engagement of their daughter, Halla Annette, to John 
Andrew Klein of Marion, son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Fredrich Klein of Marion. 

The bride-elect is attending Marion 
High School. Her fiance is a graduate of 
Marion High School. 
A June wedding is planned in Re­ deemer United Church of Christ at 
Zuehl. 

KAREN L. HOPPE 
BRIAN L. HINDELANG 
Karen L. 
B.L. 
Hindel to wed in July 

Mr. and Mrs. Allen Hoppe of Bay City amnounce the engagement of their daughter, Karen Lynn, to Brian Lee 
Hindelang, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph 
Hindelang. 
The bride-elect graduated from Bay 
City High School and Texas Lutheran 
College where she was a member of 
Beta Alpha Sigma. 
Her fiance graduated from Jefferson 
High School. He attended Rice Univer­ sity and San Antonio College. 
A July 3 wedding is planned in St. 
Peter's Lutheran Church at Bay City. 

RENEE Y. HAMPTON 
RONALD W. LORENZ 
Renee Hampton is bride-elect of R.W. Lorenz 

Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth J. Hampton announce the engagement of their daughter, Renee Yvonne, to Ronald 
William Lorenz, son of Mr. -and Mrs. 
Charles A. Lorenz. 

More 

 engagem ents 

Dr. and Mrs. Gordon 
o. Stafford announce the engagement of their daughter, Leaette Gayle, ta Michael Lee Middle­ ton: son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Jack Middleton. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Churchill 
High School. She attend­ ed Southwest Texas State 
University and is major­ 

 ing in elementary educa­ tion at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 
Her fiance graduated from Robert E. Lee High 
School and is attending 
San 
Antonio College where he is majoring in architecture. 
The couple plans an 
Aug. 5 wedding in Trinity 
Baptist Church. 

Facu lty wives set luncheon 

The Active and Asso­ ciate Groups of the Fa­ culty Wives Club of San 
Antonio College will have 

 their annual spring lun­ cheon and officer instal­ lation at ll a.m. Saturday in 
Koehler 
Cultural 
Center. 

HIT YOUR KID 

Don't take chances, lf you 

 think there is a chance that 

 you could accidentally hurt 

 your child, a new self help 

 group is now starting. 

No charges-privacy assured 

Call Parents Anonym ous 

226-3391 

Donna L. Neat, 
William Heck to be married in July vows 

Mr. and Mrs. Donald L. Neal of 
Rochelle announce the engagement of their daughter, Donna Lynn, to Wil­ liam Randall Heck, son of Mrs. Martha 
Heck and the late Dr. William IL Heck. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Brady High School. She is a candidate for May graduation from Texas Tech 
University where she will receive a 
B.S. degree in clothing and textiles. 
She is a member of Alpha Phi. 
Her fiance graduated from Texas 
Military Institute. He is attending 
Texas Tech University where he is majoring in public relations-adverUs­ ing and is a member of Kappa Alpha. 
A July 16 wedding is planned. 

The couple graduated from John 
Marshall High School. They are at­ tending the University of Texas at San 
Antnio. 

A July 23 wedding is planned at the home of the bride's parents. 
PT A council meeting set 

North East School Dis­ trict Council of PT As will meet at 9:3o a.m. Tues­ day in Blossom Student 
Activates Building. 
Officers will be elected and recipients of scholar­ ships from the Virgil T. 
Blossom 
Scholarship 
Fund will be introduced. 
A covered dish lun­ cheon will follow the meeting. 

YOUR CLOTHES DESERVE THE FINEST CARE 

WE OFFER YOU ODOR FREE DRY CLEANING. OUR 
METHOD RESTORES BODY TO YOUR GARMENTS AND 
BRINGS 
OUT ALL 
COLORS 
TO 
THEIR 
ORIGINAL 
BRIGHTNESS. OUR ALTERATIONS & REWEAVING SER­ 
VICE WILL PLEASE YOU. SUEDE, LEATHER DRAPES, 
LINENS, WATER PROOFING, EVENING WEAR. WED- 
DING G O W N S ALL CLEANED IN Q^R O W N GAR 
MENT CARE CENTER 
YES, WE DRY CLEAN ULTRA 
SUEDE & SUEDE CLOTH. 

YOUR CLOTHES WILL " LOOK BETTER, FEEL BETTER & 
WEAR LONGER". YQ IJ W 'LL NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE. 
SO WILL OTHERS. MAY WE SERVE YOU? 

PO W ELL Q UALITY CLEAN ERS 

SYN-GLO Custom Cleaning 

14o1 Blanco 
733-8583 

DONNA LYNN NEAL 

Mr. and Mrs. Trinidad 
Cuellar announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, 
Cynthia 
Yvette, to Howard Wayne 
Van Winkle, son of Mrs. 
Shirley E. Whisler and 
Wayne E. Van Winkle. 
The bride-elect is at­ tending St. Mary’s Uni­ versity and Incarnate 
Word College where she is majoring in radiology. 
Her fiance attended St. 
Mary’s University where 

Cuellar-Van Winkle 

 he was a member of 
Lambda Chi Alpha. He is a candidate for De­ cember graduation from the University of Texas 

 at San Antonio and has been accepted for pilot training in the U.S. Navy. 
A Sept. 3 wedding is planned. 

 yanero-W enske 

IB ANIM'A IC YE II 
CAMEL HONE JEAYELHY 
FROM INDIA 

FROM S7.95 to S 16.95 

O M .I 
A T 

NORTH STAR MALL 

Mr. and Mrs. C. J. 
Yanero announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Jennifer Sue 
Yanero, to Daniel Matth­ ew Wenske, son of Mr. and Mrs. Raymond J. 
Wenske of Nixon. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Robert E. 
Lee High School. She graduated from South­ 

 west Texas State Univer­ sity where she received a 
B.S. degree in elemcn- tery education. She is a member of Kappa Delta 
Pi. 
Her fiance graduated from Nixon High School. 
The wedding is planned for Ju ly 29 in 
Blessed Sacrament Cath­ olic Church. 

B A U S C H S L U M B V 

Soft Contact Lenses are Available at Most 
TSO Offices 

Consult your telephone directory 
(or TSO locations. 

We care how you look at life. 

T e x a s S t a t e 
O p t i c a l 

OPEN SATURDAYS Until 1:oo P.M. 

I JAMI JVI 
FURNITURE COMPANY 

REG. 7 9 .9 9 
REG. 4 6 .9 9 
*39 

Bankamericaro 

REG. 1 1 4 .9 9 

A NEW LINE FOR U S- 
BARGAINS FOR YOU! 
SALE! 

SOLID NORTHERN HARDWOODS 
AT PINC PRICES! 
OUSTS 

WIDE 3-DRAWER 

NARROW 4-DRAWER 

WIDE 4-DRAWER 

WIDE 6-DRAWER 

WIDE 5-DRAWER 

NIGHT STAND 

WIDE 8-DRAWER 

REG. 54.99 NOW *44 
REG. 52.99 NOW *42 
REG. 64.99 NOW *54 
REG. 86.99 NOW *73 
REG. 76.99 NOW *64 
REG. 32.99 NOW *28 
REG. 99.99 NOW *84 

CALI ENDS APRIL 3o 

142 S.W. SMUT ARY 924-5171 O 6442 SAN PEDRO 824-7249 

Wise-Ansted wedding vows 

Miss Hope Buess, jR.E. Gonzalez to be married 

Dr. and Mrs. John Edward Buess of 
Victoria announce the engagement of their daughter. Hope Elizabeth Buess, to Dr. Raymond Edward Gonzalez, son of Mr. and Mrs Raymond E. Gonzalez. 
The bride-elect received a B S. degree in nutrition from the University of Texas at Austin and a master’s degree in clinical nutrition from the 
University of Kansas. She was a member of Omicron Nu, Amercican 
Dietetic Association, Nutrition Today 
Society, Society for Nutrition Educa­ tion and American Home Economics 
Association. 
Her fiance received a B A. degree in biology from St. Mary’s University and a D D.S. degree from the University of 
Texas Dental School at San Antonio. He was a member of Omicron Kappa Up- 
HOPE E. BUESS si Ion and the American Academy of 
Dental Radiology. 
Methodist Church of Victoria is plan- 
A July 16 wedding in the First United lied. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
★ 
Page 
-3-F 
Lee Ann Jensen, 
Thomas Romo to wed in June 

Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Estrup Jensen announce the engagement of their daughter. Elizabeth Lee Ann Jensen of 
Houston, to Thomas Romo III, son oh 
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Romo Jr. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Douglas MacArthur High School. She attended the University of Texas at 
Austin. 

Her fiance graduated from Douglas 
MacArthur High School and attended the University of Texas at Austin where he is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha. 
He graduated from Trinity University and is a student at the Baylor College of 
Medicine where he is president of the student body. 

A June 12 wedding is planned in The 
THOMAS ROMO III 
Gazebo at Los Patios. 
ELIZABETH L. A. JENSEN 
Chapel One to be site of 

Miss Fitzwater, 
Jesse Davis Jr. to recite vows 

Mr. and Mrs. Irven D. Wise an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Terri Lea Wise, to Roger 
Carl Ansted, son of Mr. and Mrs. John 
J. Ansted of Elmore, Ohio. 
The bride-elect attended Radford 
High School in Honolulu. She graduat­ ed with honors from Kapiolani Com­ munity College in Honolulu where she received her Certificate of Dental As­ sistance. 
Her fiance graduated from Harris 
Elmore High School in Ohio. He re­ ceived a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering from Ohio State University w here he was a member of Theta Chi. 
The couple plans a June 25 wedding in Chapel One of Ft. Sam Houston. 
ROGER C. ANSTED 
TERRI L. WISE 

Dr. and Mrs. hail Welton Fitzwater announce the engagement of their daughter, Elizabeth Dayton Fitzwater, to Jesse Lynwood Davis Jr. of Lake 
Charles, La. He is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jesse Lynwood Davis. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Win­ ston Churchill High School. She is a candidate for August graduation from 
Southwest Texas State University where she will receive a B S. degree in elementary education. She is vice-pre­ sident of the Guidance Associate Club and a member of the Dean’s List. 
Her fiance graduated from Winston 
Churchill High School and received a 
B.S. degree in ocean engineering from 
Texas A&M University. He was a member of the Organization of Ocean 
Engineering Students, Marine Techno­ logy Society, Society of Naval Archi­ tects & Marine Engineers, American 
Society of Civil Engineers, and Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

ELIZABETH D. FITZWATER 
JESSE L. DAVIS JR. 
An Aug. 27 wedding is planned in 
Coker United Methodist Church.. 

 soi.il) mood nntxrturk 

S a n Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Su n d a y April 24 1 9 7 7 

" M M M w e d d in g be lles + + + w e d d in g b e lle s + + + w 
.♦.%.* rn w 
__________s 
\ v i v 
* 
Jr v 
/ 
Wedding vows are repeated 

The Rev. G. Robert 
Grimes officiated at the wedding of Miss Lisa Lee 
Shofner and Donald Scott 
Cherry, 
Saturday in 
Coker United Methodist 
Church. 

The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John G. Shofner. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. Stanley E. 
Cherry. 

Maid of honor was Su­ san Tips. Bridesmaids were Mrs. Jam es M. 
McCrory Jr. of Houston and Mrs. Steven Delk of 
Austin, both sisters of the bride, and Ronda Tatum of Scottsdale, Ariz. 

Serving as best man was 
Richard 
Otero. 
Groomsmen were Jim 

SM* 

MRS. D. S CHERRY 

Kuehl and Mark Kuehl, both of Houston, and Paul 
Hermsdorf. Ushers were 
Robin Blackshear and 
Joe Haney. 

A reception was held at the church fellowship hall following the cere­ mony. 

Newlyweds to reside iii Illinois 

Miss Leah Ann Strick­ land of Universal City and Gerald Edward Jef­ feries of Melrose Park, 
UL were married Satur­ day in Chapel One of 
Randolph A FB by the 
Rev. Leslie Ellison. 
The bride is the daughter of Maj. (ret.) and Mrs. Jack V. Strick­ land of Universal City. 
The groom is the son of 
Mrs. Lucille Jefferies of 
Westchester, 111. and the late Frank Jefferies. 
Matron of honor was 
Mrs. Thomas Strickland. 
Bridesmaids were Mrs. 
Leon Brimhall, Joni Puc­ kett and Cheryl Lam- precht. Flower girl was 
Piper Edwards and ring- bearer was Geoffrey 
Strickland. 
Best man was Richard 
Jefferies. Serving as groomsman was Leon 
Saucedo-Odiorne vows solemnized Saturday 

Miss 
Candy 
Lee* 
Odiorne became the bride of Gabriel Saucedo of La Coste, Saturday in the Kingdom Hall of Je­ hovah’s Witnesses at De- vine. Orval G. Young of­ ficiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Gilbert Lee Odiorne. The groom’s parents are Mr. and 
Mrs. 
Francisco 
Saucedo of La Coste. 
MRS. GABRIEL SAUCEDO 
Matron of honor was 

Wouldn’t you love a swirl of white or black patent on clear vinyl? 

18.99 

Use your Master Charge or Shoppers Charge 

NO RTH STAR M A L L 

Mary Ann Warner of Ly­ tle. Bridesmaid was De­ borah Best and junior bridesmaid was Jennifer 
Spring Odiorne. 
Serving as best man was 
Thomas 
Gene 
Odiorne. Groomsman was Theodore Saucedo and junior groomsman was Franklin Saucedo, both of La Coste. Ushers were Jay Martinez of De- vine and William J. 
Wanier of Lytle. 
A reception was held at the Devine Civic Center. 
After a wedding trip to the H E B . Lodge in 
Kerrville, the couple w ill reside in La Coste. 

Eldridge-Rossignol 

Miss May M. Rossignol and Gary E. Eldridge exchanged marriage vows Saturday in She­ pherd King Lutheran 
Church. The Rev. E d ­ ward J. Kern officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Bertrand J. Rossignol. 
The groom's parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Jack E. 
Eldridge. 
Matron of honor was 
Vivian Bondurant. Maid of honor was Nita F. 
Rothwell. Flower girl was Lori Eldridge. 
Serving as best men were Hunter Schuehle of 
Hondo and Dr. Wayne B. 
Eldridge. Ushers were 
Steve Rossignol. James 
Rossignol, Ron L. Moon­ ey and Ronald VV. Clark. 
Also assisting was Terry 
Rossignol. 
A reception was held at the Sims Fine Arts 
Center following the ceremony. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Europe. 
Glasses 
Gather up the glasses first when you start to clear the table. 
Rinse the milk from them with cold water then they will not turn cloudy after they are washed. 

$o95 

Iramfmaker 

CU STO M 
Ik g S s s f N A M IN G 

I Shoppers City Mall 
Across From Sours on S.W. Military Dr. , 
922-9444 
L 

3941 Fredericksburg Rd. 
734-6227 

MacArthur Plaza 
3111-J Nacogdoches Rd. 
653-524o 

MRS. G. E. JE F F E R IE S 

Brimhall. Ushers were 
Jack Strickland Jr. and 
Thomas Strickland. 
A reception was held at the Randolph A FB Of­ ficer’s Club. 
After a wedding trip to 
St. Louis the couple will reside in Melrose Park. 

Stakes 

Plastic knitting needles make colorful and sturdy stakes for climbing plants. Stick the pointed end in the soil and tie the plant to the needle. 

Nuptial vows are exchanged 

Miss Susan Isabelle 
Pawelek of Elmendorf and Henry Wiley Pooley 
Jr. exchanged marriage vows, Saturday in An­ nunciation of the Virgin 
Mary Catholic Church at 
St. Hedwig. The Rev. 
Brennan Schmieg offi­ ciated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Louis B. Pawelek of E l­ mendorf. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Henry W. Pooley. 
Maid of honor was 
Martha Sue Brander. 
Bridesmaids were Mary 
Bronder, Debra Pawelek and Lillian Jaskinia. Also serving were Darlene 
Pooley, Mary beth Na Ie, and Patty Pooley, sisters of the groom. 
Serv ing as flower girl was Laurie Ann Pawlik and ringbearer was Jo ­ seph Kunze. 
Best man was Mike 
Valdez. 
Groomsmen 

MRS. II. W. POOLEY JR . 

 were 
Billy 
Pooley, brother of the groom, 
Jimmy Rutledge, Steve 
Bolden, Jam es Nale, 
Kenneth Mikes and Louis 
Pawelek Jr., brother of the bride. Ushers were 
Bob Lane, Edmund Wia- trek, Tim Urbanczyk and 
Ron Urbanczyk. 
A reception was held in the American Legion Hall at St. Hedwig. 

About your 

 wedding 

Are you getting mar­ ried soon? Here are guidelines and deadlines for sending information to the Express and News. 
A picture of the bride will be published in thumbnail size free of charge. Engraving fees for larger pictures (en­ gagement or wedding — you may have both) will be determined by size of picture desired. 
There is no charge for stories without photos. 
Wedding pictures and copy must be in the Ex- press-News office at least one week before the wed­ ding date. A black and white glossy photo is required. 
Engagement announ­ cements must be pub­ lished at least six weeks before the wedding date 
— thus they should be received seven weeks ahead of the wedding. 
Wedding forms must be signed and contain a daytime telephone num­ ber. 

Furnishings, accessory things & imaginings. 

Oh, do we have good things for you. Furniture from contemporary to traditional, handsome accessories from everywhere, and the designer imagination to pull it ail together or ;u$t to lend a professional tip or two. It’s all here for home or office, so come and see us soon. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

o3Zo WURZBACH AT BLUEMEL 6o6 1791 

BANK AMLRIC ARD. MASTER CHARGE. REVOLVING CHARGE 

MON. TUE WED. & FRI 1o-6: THURS 1o-8 SAT IQ S 

R e ad W ash in gton ^ a tch d o g 

 ja c k A n d e rso n 

 in the San Antonio Express 

ALL ON BOLTS 

G O O D COLORS 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 
YO. 

! r n if c u t 
TO 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 

1oo% POLYESTER 
44/45" WIDE 

1 o o % POLYESTER • 225 YD. 
SPOOL 

SPOOLS 

FOR 

EACH 
SPO O L 

M A N Y COLORS PLUS 
BLACK & WHITE 

YD. 

YO. 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 

1 o o % ACETATE’ 
1o o % NYLON 
9 o % ACETATE & 
1 o % NYLON 

EXPENSIVE LOOKING 
DESIGNER-TYPE 
EASY SEW 
NATURAL 
DRAPING 
ON BOLTS 
SCENICS, FLORALS, 
NOVELTIES 
1oo% POLYESTER 
PRINTED KNITS 

FULL 
PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

 i % ft P 
CUT TO 
ORDER 
YD. 
PRICE 

CLOSEOUT 

3 Yof.l 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 
I 

YD. 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
I 

REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED 
FIBER CONTENT 

FULL PIECE PRICE 
CUT TO ORDER PRICE 

YO. 
YO. 

45’” WIDE 

8 4 % COTTON-!6% POLYESTER 

OVER 5oo YARD S 
LO W PRICE 

FULL 
CUT TO 
PIECE 
ORDER 
YD. PRICE 
YO . PR,CE 

PANT5UIT-DRESS-BLOUSE- 
DRAPERY-NOVELTIE5 1 o o % R A Y O N . 
1o o% ACETATE-1 o o % COTTON 
6 5 % POlYESTER-35% COTTON-! o o % NYLON 
1oo% RAYON 
1oo% ACRYLIC 

NEW ’77 SPRING PATTERNS 

6 5 % POLYESTER 
I 
35% COTTON 
I 
PRINTED 
‘T-SHIRT’ 
KNITS 

%ci 
I - 4 
I y d .p r »ce yd. 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
I 
PRICE 

OUR ENTIRE STOCK 

FULL PIECE PRICE 
CUT TO ORDER PRICE 

YO. 
YO. 

U N D ET ER M IN ED FIBER CO N TEN T 

I TO 9 YD, LENGTHS 

 i I i o % A 
FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 

Y D . 

CUT TO 
ORDER 
PRICE 
YD. 
6 5 % POLYESTER 3 5 % COTTON 
5 o % POLYESTER 5 o % COTTON 

WE DISCOUNT 
ALI PATTERNS 
& 
NOTIONS 
EVERYDAY 
ALL MERCHANDISE 
FULLY GUARANTEED 

FUSIBLE INTERFACING 
23” W IDE-STOCK UP N O W -— 

I 
DENIMS-ALl ON BOLTS I 

$ l 
4 
9 
FULL 
PIECE 
YD. 
PRICE 
$1 69 
CUT TO 
I 
ORDER 
I 
TD. 
PRICE * 

1oo% COTTON 5o%; 
COTTON 5o% 
POLYESTER- 45" WIDE 
I 

WHITE FOR 
SUMMER 
DOUBLE KNIT- 
SPECIAL G R O U P -6 o” W IDE 

FULL PIECE 
CUT TO ORDER 
PRICE 

BLUE MIST 
45” WIDE 
FULL BOLTS 
9o% POLYESTER 
1o% NYLON 

W M T 

PRICE 

$ 
o 
3 
9 
YD. 

1oo% POLYESTER 

 a r 

E f t 

FULL 
PIECE 
YO. 
PRICE 

 rn rn a 
' 
YD. 

CUT TO 

ORDER 
PRICE 

STITCH WIT G E R Y TAPE 

YDS. 
PKGS. 
FOR 

J 
NEW PATTERNS 
FULL BOLTS 

YO. 

FULL 
PIECE 
PRICE 
4 
YD. 

 im 
EA. PKG. 
CUT TO 

12 YoS.X3/4” PRE PRICED ‘I oo 
JOINS FABRIC TOGETHER WITHOUT STITCHING 
YD. 

ORDER 
PRICE 

1 o o % COTTON-48” -54” W ID E 

..." 

: 

■ | 
|| 
Ski 

 a rn 
NfeMMMNP m tan mm aa* a r twin a * mst nm w 
-V> q asp mr mm tao STSTHf 

■tv* 

MARSHA WALSH isn’t m odeling sp ace-ag e sunglasses, but she is showing o ff cross- sections o f alum inum pro files fo r lig h tw e ig h t construction of displays 

-Express-New^ 
Business & Finance 

Must complete business coverage in South Texas 
Sunday April 24 1977 
Page 
I G 
Revolution on display 

A revolution will occur before the eyes of early visitors of this week’s Home, Flower and Gar­ den Show. 

But there won’t be any bullets flying. 
Instead, visitors will see what will appear to be two grown men playing with giant Tinker Toys. 
What visitors will be seeing is a re­ volutionary technique for displaying exhibits. 
Two men, armed with only a single 
Allen wrench, will put. the display to­ gether in a few hours instead of per­ haps days for conventional displays made of wood. 
Mayfair Exhibits will unveil this new type of m o d u lar display with a 

2o-foot-square exhibit for Southwestern 
Bell Telephone Co. at the Convention 
Center Wednesday. 
At the center of this new idea is the 
Sw iss-designed “ Syma sy ste m ,” a combination of aluminum profiles, re- lective surfaces and other lightweight materials, assistant designer Marsha 
Walsh said. 
Assembled quickly into practically any configuration, painted or covered panels are slid into grooves in the Sy­ ma struts to form colorful or informa­ tional background to whatever is being displayed. They are quickly replace­ able. 
“ That's what people love about it,” 
, Mayfair’s pert assistant designer said. “ The versatility means a buyer can get two or three stands for the 

 price of one.” 
The firm has only been in business for six months. 
London-born Lon Hawkins, May­ fair's chief designer, brought the idea with him to the United States and. along with Neal Johnston, former exe­ cutive vice president of the San An­ ni ar kef the Syma system to San An­ tonio firms. 
. They maintain the system may cost more to begin with but saves money in the long run. 
“ For one, it is permanent,” explains 
Ms. Walsh. “ Companies have yearly budgets to pay for different stands at shows and conventions. 
“ But with the Syma system, you just 

Davids and Goliaths of banking square off 

By RICHARD ERICKSON 
EXPRESS N E W S BUSINESS WRITER 

Texas independent banks of­ ten see themselves as tiny Da­ vids facing huge Goliaths called multi-bank holding companies. 
But now those independents have put a rock in their collective sling with a bill before the Texas Legislature which might keep Goliath at bay, if nothing else. 
Whether it will be successful, desir­ able or even legal remains to be seen. 
Pass on 

Sponsored by State Rep. Jerry Don­ aldson of Gatesville. House Bill 144o would give the state banking commis­ sioner pow ers to pass on any new' acquisition by a multi-bank holding company. 
If the commissioner disapproves of an acquisition, but the Federal Re­ serve, the a u th o rity in national bank mergers, approves, the bill directs the commissioner to sue to stop the acq­ uisition. 
Two proposed a m e n d m e n ts to 
HBI44o by the Independent Bankers 
Assn. of tex as (IBAT) would further limit the num ber of bunks and the share of domestic deposits a holding company could have. 

The in d e p e n d e n ts are te llin g th e h o ld in g coni- p o n ie s "there is a p la ce for us b o th , hut our p lace is in d a n g e r ’ because o f th eir un lim ited grow th 

The banking commissioner now has broad powers over state banks but not national banks or non-banking acti­ vities. 
“ We’re not trying to tell them how to run their business,” said William Sin- kin, chairman of the board of the in­ dependent Texas State Bank and local spokesman for the IBAT. 
In danger 

“ W e’re telling them (the holding com panies) there is a place for us both, but our place is in danger be­ cause of their unlimited growth.” 
Sinkin believes growth of holding companies would lead to great power in the hands of a few. 
“ Conceivably, four or five could control up to 9o per cent of all deposits and. in that, control the wealth of the state and therefore the state itself,” he said. 
Sinkin singled out the c u n e n t top five as likely candidates. They are 
T e x a s C om m erce B an esh ares and 
Holding companies vs. independents 

How big are the multi-bank holding companies — and how do the independents stack up against them? 

Two of the state’s giants, First International Baneshares 
Inc. of Dallas with 24 banking subsidiaries, and Texas 
Commerce Baneshares of Houston with 31 banking subsidiaries, have deposits of $5.6 billion and $4.1 billion respectively. 

San Antonio’s two largest locally headquartered holding companies are much smaller. FrostBank Corp., with five banking subsidiaries, has deposits totaling $843 million and 
National Commerce Baneshares Inc., with four su bsi­ diaries, has $58o million in deposits. 

In comparison, the city’s biggest independent bank, 
Broadway National, has $136 million in deposits. 

First City Bancorp., both of Houston, and First International Baneshares, 
Republic of Texas and M ercantile 
Texas, all of Dallas. 
32 per cent 

Those five currently hold about 32 per cent of all bank deposits in Texas while all m ulti-bank holding com ­ panies control 62 per cent of the state's bank deposits. 
The top three. Sinkin points out, each have more deposits at their con­ trol than all of the banks in Bexar 
County, some $3 billion. 
As large as that deposit figure may seem. Ben Love, chief executive officer of the m assiv e Texas C om m erce 
Baneshares Corp. of Houston, m ain­ tains the image of his firm swallow­ ing the state is ridiculous because 
Texas holding com panies are too small. 
“ Texas ranks 43 out of the 5o states in terms of concentration of deposits held by the three largest bank holding companies according to a Federal Re­ serve report issued last w eek,” he said. 
Not consolidated 

“ So I would surmise that when you rank number 43 in such an industria­ lized state as Texas, it means you don't have much consolidation or u t i l i z a ­ tion of your bank deposits, 
“ Perhaps this is w hy Texas jobs and 
Texas business are still so dependent on Chicago, New York and the West 
Coast,” Love said. 

He said a 1973 study by the Fed re­ vealed 8o per cent of loans and loan commitments needed to support 
4oo,ooo jobs in 42 major Texas-based companies depended on out of state banks. 
“ When the Federal Reserve asked why, the answer cam e back, Texas banks are too small,” Love said. 
Texas Commerce Baneshares, which owns Highland Park Slate Bank of San 
Antonio as well as 3o other subsi­ diaries, reported total assets of $5.1 billion, deposits of $4.1 billion and loans of $2.4 billion as of March 31. 
Checks might become as obsolete as buggies 
U 
U 

While there are many subjects 
^dependent banks and multi- ank holding companies differ n, one thing on which they do gree is that a checkless society s close at hand. 
House Bill 117o, now before the Tex- s House, would halt the installation of lectronie fund transfer systems for ivo years while a study, called for by louse C oncurren t Resolution IOO. on Id be made on possible effects of he unmanned facilities. 
Meanwhile, a constitutional amend- nent still in com m ittee in Austin 
/ouId allow all banks, large or small, 
(/cess to these electronic term inals low solely operated by savings and 
Dan associations and credit unions. 
Share terminals 

The banks, under the amendment, could share the terminals much like a lublic utility in order to serve the 
Mjblic. 
• The banking community is united m this one,” said Bill Sinkin, ehair- nan of Texas State Bank. 
And, indeed, the amendment which vouId, in effect, cre a te a form of 
>ranch banking, a concept now out- awed in Texas, seems to be univer- iallv supported. 
The m oratorium and study, how­ ever, are felt by many bankers to be a 

 llie n u m ber o f checks th at are being h a n dled are ju s t enorm ous a n d g ro w in g ra p id ly every day/ 

 waste of time. Among those respond­ ing were Marc Shapiro, chief fin­ ancial officer for Texas Commerce 
Baneshares; William Hatfield, execu­ tive vice president for Republic* of 
Texas and Frost Bank's senior vice president, Dick Evans. 

Two years 

The amendment would take at least two years to become law, they say, whether a moratorium is called or not. 
When electronic term inals are in operation — and there is little doubt among the bankers surveyed that this time is not far away—the plastic bank­ card will replace the check as the most common form of payment. 
The p urch ase of m erchandise or payment of bills would be autom ati­ cally subtracted from your bank ac­ count just as checks are today. 
But all this is without the physical pieces of paper which flood banks across the country. 

“ I think we are coming to this,” said 
Republic of Texas’ William Hatfield. 
“The number of checks that are being handled are just enormous and grow­ ing rapidly every day.” 
Hatfield believes that federal legis­ lation allowing national banks to oper­ ate electronic transfer terminals will be here before the Texas amendment would be law. 
“ The consumer movement is going to demand it and, if we don’t have it in this state for banks, then only the sav­ ings and loans and the credit unions will have it,” he said. 
“The banks will be in a very distinct disadvantage as far as consumer busi­ ness is concerned if that happens,” 
Hatfield said. 
But what if the consumer, missing his pictured pieces of paper and the way he used to sign his name with a flourish, does not accept it? 
“ The customer acceptance of these m achines is p r im a ry ,” said Dick 
Evans of Frost Bank. “ You're talking about a total difference in environment for doing business.” 
So, in essence, says Evans, it will not make any difference if the new elec­ tronic terminals do help the banks be­ come more efficient. 
As long as the customer who is faced with one of the new machines would rather write a check instead, accord­ ing to Evans, the checkless society will still be in the future. 

Dr. Les Peacock, vice chairman for the firm, said his corporation was not opposing HBI44o because company of­ ficials felt it did not apply to them. 
He noted his staff felt it was meant to block onlv non-banking subsidiary mergers and “since we don’t have any, we have not gotten excited about it.” 
While the bill addresses that issue specifically, it also directs the state banking commissioner “ to pursue the remedies available to him as an ag­ grieved party” in (he case of applica­ tion or proposed merger of a national bank in the state. 
Doubts legality 

W illiam H atfield, executive vice president of the Republic of Texas 
Corp. in Dallas, said he has doubts whether the entire bill would be legal. 
“ I think you have some real consti­ tutional problems — and I’m speaking personally now — on whether he (the banking commissioner) can prevent the Fed from approving acquisition of a national bank or even a non-banking activity crossing state lines. 
“ All that is governed by the national banking act so I think it is kind of futile. I think it is somewhat super- 

WORKERS unload some of the m odular display panels 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6-1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms, lf you’d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

CURRENT 
RATE 
PER ANNUM 

MINIM UM 
DEPOSIT 
LENGTH OF 
DEPOSIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
MATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
$1ooo 
24 MONTHS 
8.o5% 8.37% 
7.5o% 
$1ooo 
18 MONTHS 
7.79% 7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 MONTHS 
7.25% 7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 MONTHS 
6.98% 
6.25% 
Si OOO 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$25 
FROM DATE OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 
COUNTY 
SAVINGS 

Chartered, supervised and examined regularly by a the Savings and Loan Department of the State of Texas ^ 

13oo McCreiess 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3136 

S a n Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
Su n day April 24 1 97 7 

Jane Bryant Quinn 
Supports lo increase m i l k p r i c e s 

Deposits hit record 

NEW YORK — Within the next few weeks, the price you pay for milk will go up as much as six to eight cents a gallon. 
You’ll also see higher prices on other dairy products, like but­ ter, cheese and dry milk. 
Behind it is a government increase in support p ric es paid to d airy farm ers, announced recently. 
And behind that is a campaign pro­ m ise P resid en t Carter m ade to in ­ crease dairy price supports to a higher level than they've been in recent years. 
The price you pay at the grocery store is not the only cost. You also pay in taxes. 
Under the federal support program, any milk not salable to consumers or m anufacturers of dairy products is bought by the governm ent at a set price. 
The new, high support price means an increase of about $37o million in tax support to dairy farm ers, double the former cost. This is the fourth increase in milk supports in the past year and a half. 
Argued against 

Members of the Council on Wage and 
P rice S ta b ility argued fr u itle ssly against the increase. They point out, correctly, that higher prices lead to increased supplies of dairy products, but decrease consumer purchases. 
In recent years, the sales per capita of dairy products have declined — in part due to dietary considerations and the reduced number of children, but also due to high prices. 
Dairy prices have risen no more than those of other foods, but cream and cheese seem easier to skip when the budget is tight. 
In the face of this d eclin in g con­ sum ption, the dairy lobby has spent enormous sum s on encouraging politi­ cians to keep prices rising. Even some dairy farmers think it’s getting out of hand. 
For exam ple, the New York Farm 
Bureau, while favoring a modest in­ crease in supports, thinks the new price too high. 
“ It v\ ill encourage farmers to expand their herds and produce m ore m ilk than necessary, which the government will have to buy.” a spokesman said. 

Marketing orders 

Increased price supports aren’t the only way the government keeps milk prices up. There are also federal and state “ milk m arketing orders” that fix prices in various regions. 
The m arketing orders keep the price of fluid milk above the price of milk used for manufactured dairy products 
(even though it's generally the sam e milk). 
It abo ensures that all farmers in the region get their fair share of the higher priced fluid-milk market. 
Like all other agricultural support program s, this one has a laudable purpose: By sh elterin g the farm er from boom -bust cy c le s in product prices, it guarantees a steady supply of milk to consumers. 
But support programs and m arket­ ing orders are also subject to abuse. 
Dairy cooperative- have achieved en­ ormous power and are often able to set monopoly prices for their produce. 

Robert March, deputy director of the 
USD.Vs dairy division, says the un­ reasonable pricing can ’t last longer than a few months, because supplies would eventually come in from other areas at a lower price. 
But rigidities in the system prevent low er-priced su p p lies from being im m ed ia tely a v a ilab le and, in the m ea n tim e, con su m ers are o v er­ charged. 
The 
J u stic e 
D ep artm ent has p rosecu ted three m onopoly c a se s against dairy cooperatives in recent years. 
Iii a study released last January, a 
Justice Department task group on anti-trust im m unities concluded that the milk marketing system was indeed keeping prices higher than necessary. rn 
And because of the “two-price” sys­ tem. consumers of fluid milk are sub­ sidizing consum ers of manufactured dairy products. 

Marketing orders also raise barriers to the sale of reconstituted milk (which is milk that's shipped dry, then mixed with butterfats and water for sale in liquid form). 

Iii som e areas not under federal marketing orders, this milk is legal. In the western part of North Carolina, for exam ple, reconstituted milk (tasting the sam e as regular milk) is available for around IO cents less a gallon. 

The antitrust subcom m ittee of the 
House Judiciary Committee is holding hearings on milk-marketing and other government-protected monopolies that seem to be hurting the economic sys­ tem rather than helping. 

“ I don’t expect any quick changes,” says Justice Joe Sims, “ but over time, we may build enough information so the public demands a new approach.” 

San Antonio area bank deposits reached an all-time high with more than $3 billion for the reporting period ending March 31, 1977. 

That figure shows an increase of 
15 per cent in deposits from March 
31. 1976. according to the bank call by the 46 Bexar County banks. 
Deposits of 39 banks on March 31, 

1976, totaled $2.69 billion. Deposits during the quarter ending Dec. 31. 
1976, totaled $2.9 billion. 

Loans topped $1.42 billion, com ­ pared with $1.25 billion on March 
31, 1976. However, loans decreased from the final 1976 quarter by more than $14.6 million. 
During the first quarter of 1977, 

 funds draw n from d ep o sits in ­ creased 16 per cent over 1976's first quarter. Federal R eserve System records show-. 
C. Linden Sledge, president of 
F rost N ational Bank, said , “ We look forw ard to a continuation of the trend wherein San Antonio’s rate of growth exceeds the national rate of growth of the money supply.” 

RANK 
MARCH 31, 1977 
RANK 
AS OF MARCH 31, 1976 

NOW 
TOTAL DEPOSITS 
TOTAL LOANS 
THEN 
TOTAL DEPOSITS 
TOTAL LOANS 

I 
Frost Notional Bank........................... . . $ 
753,oo4,913.66 
$ 314,846,o72.62 
I $ 
637,252,231.95 
$ 
281,936,o21.25 

2 
National Bank of Com m erce.............. 
522,75o,886.28 
228,o67,358.81 
2 
44o,38o,381.58 
215,9o9,3o9.5o 

3 
Alamo National B a n k ........................ 
273,651,625.32 
156,919,718.1o 
3 
262,455,726.37 
147,34o,831.15 

4 
National Bank of Fort Sam Houston. . . . 
144,828,8o5.42 
64,387,279.62 
4 
132,15o,769.57 
52,91o,427.95 

5 
Broadway National Bank .................. 
136,257,211.94 
73,475,486.57 
5 
124,743,o68.28 
66,616,39o.55 

6 
Bexar County National B a n k .............. 
135,613,52o.95 
51,416,927.35 
6 
124,456,8o2.48 
49,7o6,oo6.72 

7 
First National B a n k ........................... 
96,9oo,519.77 
44,641,754.78 
7 
122,498,398.7o 
34,9oo,828.18 

8 
Highland Park State B a n k .................. 
79,884,o36.92 
49,273,o88.94 
8 
79,7o2,992.56 
5o,o72,653.63 

9 
San Antonio Bank & T ru st.................. 
74,156,376.54 
24,3o8,963.7o 
IO 
56,673,741.84 
11,o36,229.26 

IO 
Kelly Field Notional Bank .................. 
62,693,12o.19 
27,961,283.62 l l 
54,o46,114.o8 
19,895,9o5.14 

 l l 
Main Bank & Trust............................. 
62,4o8,7o7.32 
32,ooo,2o3.15 
9 
69,631,545.26 
34,25o,8o8.24 

12 
Central Park B a n k ............................. 
53,478,8o1.34 
4o,966,o46.96 
14 
39,591,986.11 
27,71o,4o7.o4 

13 
Brooks Field National B a n k ................ 
49,138,64o.99 
26,586,174.69 
12 
41,9o4,64o.42 
21,852,845.19 

14 
Jefferson State B a n k ......................... 
48,485,5o2.15 
6,8o4,521.37 
19 
29,118,463.46 
7,o11,o1o.o1 

15 
Texas State B a n k ............................... 
39,365,751.79 
18,583,622.99 
16 
31,272,589.34 
15,993,284.1o 

16 
Union State B an k ............................... 
36,o83,983.o2 
18,9oo,887.12 
15 
35,749,o73.97 
17,572,876.9o 

17 
Westside Bank.................................. 
35,447,o92.52 
15,3o8,358.oo 
22 
27,699,844.o8 
12,498,852.19 

18 
Windsor Park Bank, N.A..................... 
34,749,o45.37 
25,986,3o7.o3 
2o 
28,637,619.91 
16,866,85o.56 

19 
Alamo Heights National B a n k ............. 
34,719,821.27 
1o,84o,338.27 
18 
29,917,424.97 
1o,569,382.23 

2o 
Mercantile Bank & T ru st.................... 
33,778,944.85 
22,232,741.26 
23 
26,331,9o1.24 
16,357,456.54 

21 
Harlandale State Bank........................ 
33,224,572.41 
16,751,717.o4 
17 
31,2o8,o54.19 
15,464,422.84 

22 
Citizens National Bank........................ 
31,751,768.98 
17,9o8,6o2.o2 
21 
28,o3o,616.99 
14,247,575.4o 

23 
Groos National B a n k......................... 
29,378,246.32 
25,27o,684.36 
13 
39,744,7o3.95 
24,243,184.23 

24 
Bank of San A n ton io........................... 
26,o18,166.46 
13,559,o76.37 
24 
23,672,79o.o3 
11,428,328.5o 

25 
Northside State Bank........................... 
24,567,935.o4 
13,75o,664.oo 
25 
22,212,355.o1 
12,o18,2o8.89 

26 
Va!ley-Hi National B o n k ...................... 
18,556,o1o.73 
5,788,526.42 
27 
15,17o,639.25 
4,958,585.61 

27 
Security National B a n k ....................... 
18,375,637.4o 
7,7o4,3o7.16 
26 
18,5o3,776.38 
9,457,517.62 

28 
Randolph Field National B a n k .............. 
17,516,168.35 
11,497,731.95 
28 
14,8o1,o82.52 
7,87o,146.93 

29 
The American B a n k ............................. 
17,323,418.31 
1o,442,543.79 
29 
12,681,841.59 
7,929,5oo.51 

3o 
Southwest Texas National B a n k ........... 
14,387,386.4o 
9,322,912.45 
3o 
11,637,569.o5 
7,o13,o12.33 

31 
Colonial National B a n k ....................... 
12,536,234.o6 
5,o41,864.94 
32 
8,o49,687.37 
3,22o,518.19 

32 lackland National Bank........................ 
9,756,443.54 
5,722,179.16 
31 
9,357,334.8o 
4,631,848.75 

33 
Northern Hills B an k ............................. 
9,697,357.54 
4,681,597.67 
35 
5,2o3,87o.69 
2,746,584.82 

34 liberty National B a n k ......................... 
8,o56,864.18 
4,494,354.71 
34 
5,348,222.78 
2,4o6,188.96 

35 
Eisenhower National Bank.................... 
7,993,o13.33 
1,719,769.46 
33 
6,o97,73o.8o 
1,73o,o2o.47 

36 
Kirby State B a n k ................................. 
5,661,242.4o 
3,64o,294.26 
36 
4,253,194.15 
2,933,395.44 

37 
Continental National Bank .................. 
5,o47,99o.47 
2,553,464.86 
37 
3,416,383.oo 
1,265,231.oo 

38 
Republic Bank of San A nton io.............. 
4,229,353.69 
2,855,235.63 
39 
2,424,721.32 
1,481,6oo.33 

39 
Churchill National B an k........................ 
3,679,947.84 
1,977,464.5o 
38 
2,557,288.84 
1,692,185.16 

4o 
Plaza National B a n k ........................... 
3,24o,619.96 
1,869,436.35 
(NEW BANK) 
(NEW BANK) 

TOTALS............................................... . $3,oo8,395,685.o2 
$1,42o,o59,292.o5 
$2,618,587,178.88 
$1,247,746,5o2.31 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF ALL BANKS AS OF 3-31 
$3,oo8,395,685.o2 
TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
A ll BANKS AS OF 12-31-76 .......................................................................... (4o b o n k s)... $2,934,137,o7o.49 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
A ll BANKS AS OF 9-3o-76 ............................................................................ (4o b o n k s)... $2,728,121,1o3.o6 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
A ll BANKS AS OF 6-3o-76 ............................................................................ (4o b o n k s)... $2,676,4o9,73o.89 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
ALL BANKS AS OF 3-31-76 ............................................................................ (3o b o n k s)... $2,618,587,178.88 
TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
A ll BANKS AS OF 12-31-76 .......................................................................... (3o b o n k s). . . $2,579,55o,844.17 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF 
ALL BANKS AS OF 9-31-76 ............................................................................ (39 b o n k s)... $2,426,298,o36.38 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF A ll BANKS AS OF 6-3o-75 

TOTAL DEPOSITS OF A ll BANKS AS OF 4-16-75 

(39 b o n k s ) . . . $2,444,237,696.23 

(38 b o n k s ) . . . $2,398,o73,839.o6 

New screwworm weapon due 

Two scientists at Oklahoma 
State University are doing re­ search on a new weapon against livestock ticks and the screw­ i e r rn. 

Dr. J. A. “ J a k ie ” H air, an OSU entom ologist, and graduate student 
Pete Teel are working on the theory of incorporating insecticides into a large pill that will be effective for several months. 
Such a pill in the past has been called a bolus or horse pill. 
The two men are introducing the in­ secticid es into superheavy boluses, designed to sink to the floor of the ru­ men for an extended stay. 
As the pill dissolves, part of the in­ se cticid e is absorbed in the blood­ stream of the animal. Ticks and biting flies then would get a fatal dose of insecticide while enjoying lunches of blood. 
The bolus would be adm inistered with a conventional bolus gun. 
Long period 

Hair and Teel are w ork in g on bo­ luses which would release the insecti­ cide slowly over a two to four-month period. 

By Bill C uniw ngham 

Hair said a rancher could treat his cattle with the boluses in the spring when he put them on grass and not have to worry about spraying or dust­ ing them for ticks. 
Ile explained that if a rancher had to adm inister the boluses two or three times during a long grazing season, he still would find it easier and cheaper than current dipping and sp rayin g practices. 
Hair said he believed they are at least a year from dev ising a bolus that works effectively. 

However, the bolus will not be avai­ lable im m ediately after it has been developed. 
First it will have to be approved by the Environmental Protection Agency and tho Pood and Drug A dm inistra­ tion. 
And. of course, both agencies will be flooded with protests from non- farmers and ranchers about the evils 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 of such tools ag a in st the tick and screwworm. 
The bolus would be effective against the screwworm in that the worms de­ velop in wounds made in ears by ticks. 
Hair developed the Y-Tex ear brand, a Gulf Coast tick control device. 
The enotom ologist said the Y-Tex keeps ticks only off the ears of the cattle. But if he can succeed with the bolus ticks would be kept off the entire body of cattle. 
Another weapon 
A new weapon in use in the 1977 cam paign of Stamp Out Screwworms is a wind oriented trap to give scien­ tists early warning of the appearance of screwworms. 
The traps have been set up in 122 locations in ll key counties in which screwworms generally appear first. 
T raps resem b le b u ck ets with weather vanes and are baited with a ch em ic a l attractran t ca lled 
] 

“ Swormlure-2. 
Counties in which the traps have been p laced are B ee, B rew ster, 
Brooks, Goliad, Hidalgo, Jim Hogg, 
Live Oak, Starr, Webb, W illacy and 
Zapata. 
Early indication of the appearance of the flies g iv es the sc ien tists at the 
Screwworm Eradication Program at 
Edinburg an opportunity to take quick and decisive action iii that area. 
Elm er Ahrens of the U.S. Depart­ ment of Agriculture's program meth­ ods development staff is in charge of the trapping program. 
Designer to speak to architects 
Jens Risom , internationally known designer, will speak to a group of architects and designers at Paul An­ derson Co. Thursday, April 28. 
The meeting will be hosted by the firm's interior design and office furni­ ture division. 

Pick H otel is sold for 
$1.3 m illion 

The Albert Pick Motor Hotel. 96 N.E. 
1H41o, was purchased by the Pick-San 
Antonio Corp., a subsidiary of Albert 
Pick Corp. of Chicago, 111., it was announced last week. 
Purchase price was $1.3 m illion, according to real estate broker John C. 
Baines, whose firm, John D. Baines 
Properties, handled the negotiations of the sale. 
The 15o-room hotel was built and owned bv Robert Ray of Miami, Fla., and Mark Lee of Houston who, in turn, had leased the facility to the local Pick corporation before the purchase. 
“The facility has proved to be an extrem ely lucrative lcation for Pick," 
Baines said, “with an occupancy rate of about 95 per cent for the last several years.” 
The San Antonio hotel subsidiary purchased the property on a right of first refusal option following a bid by a local investor. 
Janitorial firms join 

Lone Star Supply Co. has announced they have joined forces with Ameri- chem Co., together becoming the lar­ gest janitorial supply firm in South 
Texas. 
Annual sales of the two total more than $1 million. 
A m ericium currently owns two ad­ ditional firms, Alamo Janitorial Ser­ vice and Dust Control Systems. 
Although a Lone Star Supply Co. spokesman declined to call the action a merger, the firm will begin to use 
Ameriehem products. Lone Star will, however, continue to operate from their IIH N. Hackberry St. location under the Lone Star name. 
BANKS 

Continued from Page IG fluous and just adds another layer of bureaucracy,” Hatfield said. 
He estim ates that no more than IO per cent of the 1,4oo hanks in Texas will ever be controlled by a holding company. The current number is about 
25o. 
And. as far as concentration of de­ posits is concerned, Hatfield believes that the large size of banking com ­ panies is needed. 
Foreign money 
“ Much of such bank deposits are foreign money and out of state deposits from national companies and little in­ dependent banks are not going to get that b u sin ess. It is eith er goin g to come here (to Texas multi-bank hold­ ing companies) or not at a ll,” he said. 
“ And if you elim inate the money that com es sim ply because of the size of the banks or that is foreign money that the independent banks are never going to get, there really isn't a disproportion­ ate amount between us.” 
Republic of Texas Corp. reported total consolidated assets of its seven m em ber banks reached $6.3 billion, total loans $3 billion and total deposits 
$4.4 billion as of March 31. 1977. 
Dick Evans, a senior vice president of San Antonio’s Frost Bank, whose parent firm , F rostB ank Corp. last month topped $1 billion in total assets, summed it up. 
Just doing job 

“ Why the holding com panies have come about is just to do a job as we grow. We now have more demands on all of us to really just do the sam e job we did in the past and have som e ca­ pital to do it w ith,” he said. 
“ And true, you have more concen­ trated control in a few companies but I don’t think you are going to see the little banks disappear. The customer will control that. He has relationships with banks that he's very p leased with." 
DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
Marketplace 

GMG TRUCKS 

4 Wheel Drive. Short & 
Long W heel B ase Van- duras & Suburbans. 

TINDALL & SON 
Pontiac GMG’ 

Lone Star Livestock 
Commission Co. 
623-52oo 

ALM AC Const Co 
All Types of Steel Bldgs 
656-o881 

Continued from Page IG dismantle it and put it away for next year when you can add on more and change the panels. 
“ It’s very much an art,” she added. 
The structure, no m atter what its shape or size, is built from the inside out. E lectrical connections and dra­ matic lighting can easily be designed into the plans. 
Mayfair, in addition to designing and constructing, also ships, stores and redesigns the system s they sell, taking the entire display problem out of a company's hands. 
A few firm s which have taken May­ fair up on its prom ises include the 
Austin-based Tracer Corp. at a June . airshow in P a ris, a New O rleans 

 exposition for San A ntonio’s New ell 
Manufacturing Co., and Columbia In­ dustries entry into the convention of the B ow ling P ro p rieto rs A ssn. of 
America in Toronto, Canada, next Ju­ ly. 
But the sym a system , which Mayfair holds exclusive rights to in this part of the country, is not just for conventions. 
Its lightweight mobility makes it per­ fect for shopping mall displays and museum exhibits. 

“There is really no limit to it,” ac­ cording to Ms. Walsh. “ It can be built wherever you have a need for a struc­ ture to be erected and then dismantled, whether it be to sell a product or an idea.” 

Its the best deal on wheels for your new car loan! 
You choose the car, you choose the dealer — then finance it at Citizens during our QVi% New Car 
Loan Sale. You won't find a better deal in town1 But hurry, tile sale ends April 3o. Call 344-o141 or visit Citizens Natloncil Bank today for your new car loan application. 

C itizens N ational Bank 

O ne of hie F rostBank Corporation family oi banks. 
Fredericksburg Rd. at NW Loop 41o, P.O. Box 29oo9. 
San Antonio, Texas 78284 . Phone (512) 344-o141. Member FDIC 

SHOPPER STOPPER, INC. 

342-324 V ? I ll C e ll te I* ^ *342-3242 

BEA C O N CIRCLE 
I Vi M i. N orth of Loop 41 O • O ff San Pedro 
TELL M O RE TO SELL MORE! 

Run ten ads a month to get instant action at lease cost of 

6 o .3 9 per month for 4 ’x8' double faced Com m ander Board with I 8 o letters on A-Frame, installed in San Antonio area. 
This is the small businessm an's best worker to talk to every­ one driving by his place of business. Leases can be written 

 with purchase option. 

Call us or come by for personal attention to your needs 

 for plastic — electric signs, Com m ander Boards, hand paint­ 

 ing, silk screening, plastic letters, and magnetic signs. W e 

 do our own art work, installing and servicing. 

6(5 W. Rhapsody 
San Antonio, Tex. 78216 

Bank, holding firm m erge 

Northern Hills Bank of San Antonio has formally become part of Fort Sam Houston BankShares., Inc joining the National Bank of Fort Sam Houston and 
Fort Sam Life Insurance Co. as subsidiaries. 

Bank holding com pany resou rces, with the merger, grows to nearly $169 million. 

Shareholders of Northern Hills Bank received three shares of stock in Fort Sam Houston Bank­ 
Shares for each five shares in Northern Hills. 

Iii related actions, the bank holding company has filed an application for a state bank to be built in 
Universal City. 

The proposed Olympia State Bank would have the first woman president in Bexar County with Mrs. 
Ollie P. Fry, currently senior vice president in charge of consumer loans at the National Bank of 
Fort Sam Houston. 

Proposed capital for the new bank is $6oo,oo6 w ith a $6oo,ooo surplus and $3oo,ooo reserve. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday April 24 1977 

People 
In Business r 

Robert T. Jackson of San Antonio is one of nine B. F. Goodrich Engineered Systems sales­ men named to the W inner’s Circle. 
T h e W i n n e r ’s C irc le is th e c o m p a n y ’s worldwide honor society which recognizes out­ standing sales accomplishment. 
Cherry Lam ar, Lolo De LaRosa Jr., Melanie 
Mclnnis and Edward Bradley, of San Antonio, have completed a m erchandising m anagem ent training workshop at the JC Penney Regional 
Training Center in Atlanta. 
The course em phasized the role of the m e r­ chandiser in the store and merchandising prin­ ciples. 
Lloyd W. Towers has joined the Texas Oil & 
Gas Corp. as a geologist for the Gulf Coast district in Corpus Christi. 
Towers has a bachelor’s degree in geology from Trinity University. 
Tim Cogswell has been nam ed m anager of the Spanish Galleon Seafood Restaurant. 
Cogswell, who joined the company in 1973, was assistant m anager of the Spanish Galleon in p ort Worth. 
Carlos G arcia has been appointed College 
M aster T raining Director in the San Antonio agency for Fidelity Union Life Insurance Co. 
Garcia has been with the company since 1974. 
Five employes of the Highway Employes F e­ deral Credit Union in San Antonio attended the 
43rd annual M eeting and Convention of the 
Texas Credit Union League and Affiliates in 
Dallas. 
A ttending were 
Miles H ardy, president; 
Bennie Maloch, m anager; Roland KJar, Jr., m arketing chairm an; La Cerne Dillashaw, di­ rector, and John Hall, credit com m ittee chair­ man. 
Henry Knueppel has been promoted to plant m anager for Frito-Lay Co. in San Antonio. 
Knueppel, formerly plant production m anager for Frito-Lay in Beloit. Wis., joined the company in 1973 as a packaging supervisor. 
At the United Services Automobile Assn., 
William J. Gibbons has been nam ed director of sales reporting to the vice president, regional service office. 
He will be responsible for directing sales of all property and casualty insurance lines to new­ er prospective m em bers of the association. 
Robert P. Rennie also has been appointed director of m arketing reporting to the vice pre­ sident of plans, research and marketing. 

Hernandez 

■ P 

Rennie will be re­ sponsible for providing m a rk e tin g su p p o rt to achieve USAA’s growth objectives. 
Tino Hernandez Jr. has been named Liberty 
Leader for outstanding casualty and life sales for L iberty M utual in the San Antonio office. 

Conrad Rotenberry, a s s is ta n t b ra n c h m an ag er for Southwes­ tern Life Insurance Co. in San A ntonio, h as been singled out for re­ cognition for leadership in re d e s ig n in g the f i r m ’s in tro d u c to ry workbook for new c a r­ eer agents. 

Rotenberry is a m e m b e r of th e c o m ­ pany’s Field T rain er's 
Advisory 
Council, which was in charge of the project. 

G ain es V oight has been e le c te d to th e 
Board of D irec to rs of th e A lam o N atio n al 
Bank. 

Voight is vice presi­ dent and m a n a g e r of 
L onghorn C em ent Di- 
\ ision of Kaiser Cement and G ypsum Corp. of 
San Antonio. 
Voight 

The board of directors of the Northern Hills 
Bank of San Antonio has elected E. M. Stevens as an honorary bank director. 

Law rence S. S earcy, vice p re s id e n t for 
Inverness Counsel Inc. has been appointed d ir­ ector of Mercantile Bank & Trust. 

Searcy is on the board of directors of the 
Refugio Savings & Loan and a director for the 
San Antonio YMCA. 

Stan G arner has joined Mercantile Bank 
& Trust as loan officer. 

G arner is a m em ber of the American Insti­ tute of Banking. 
Mrs. 
Biilye J. Files, a collateral officer at the National Bank of Com merce of San Antonio, will attend the Southwestern Regional Confer­ ence of the National Assn. of Bank Woman Inc. 

The conference in Austin will feature work­ shops on current banking issues. 
Two San Antonio b u sin e ssm en have been promoted to colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve. 
They are Robert G. Ownby, vice president for operations for the Delaware Punch Co., and 
Louis F. Sanders Jr., owner of Sanders Top and 
Body Works Inc. 
The two are assigned to H eadquarters, 9Uth 
U.S. Arm y Reserv e Command. 

Marvin Dreyer of Drover Toyota has received the 1976 Toyota Quality Dealer Award. 
Dreyer also won the award in 1975. 

Don Nurick, executive vice president and promotional m erchandising m a n ag e r for the 
Don’s & Ben’s Chain of Liquor and Wine Stores, is attending the spring meeting of the Wine and 
Spirit Guild of America in New Orleans. 

David C. F ish e r has been p ro m o te d to m an ag er of the u nderw riting d ep a rtm en t at 
Aetna Life & Casualty’s San Antonio casualty division office. 

Fisher is a chartered property and casualty underwriter. 

Robert L. Bruns has joined the Burke Co. as sales m anager for the Modular Form s depart­ ment which is being established at Ewing Re­ cords & Associates Division facility in Converse. 

Bruns is a resident of New Braunfels. 
At Great American Realtors, 
Bill Ash has been named director and sales manager. 

Ash will coordinate tile activities of 21) li­ censed associates who specialize in pre-owned homes in North San Antonio. 

Jackson 

Cogswell 

Garcia 

I P I P 

Gibbons 
PMM 

M 
.v;: W m w - 

X 
Rennie 

Garner 

Ownby 

Sanders 

Brans 

I’r o d n e liv e personnel 

The San Antonio offices o f Dun- hill Personnel Services, 8 o o N .W , 
IH 41o, have w on the 
N a tio n a l 
O ffic e A w ard , given to the most p ro d u c tiv e o ffic e in the o v e r 
2 oo-branch Dunhill system. 

Donna Smith w as presented the top 
O ffic e 
P erson nel 
C o u n se lo r 
A w ard for the Southw estern United 
States region. 

C arl G ist, an oil and gas spe­ cialist for the local office, w on a 
T e n -G ra n d 
A w a rd . 
John W eb b , a technical counse­ lor and m anager o f the San Antonio branch, a lso w on a 
T en -G ran d 
Aw ard. 

Pat Tarver and Donna Smith both received Five-G rand aw ards w hile 
M axine Hunt w as given a Three- 
G ra n d A w ard. 
SH O W IN G OFF their aw ards are , from left, Pat Tarver, John W e b b , Carl Gist, M a x in e 
Hunt and Donna Smith 
S. A. needs surveyed 

A guide to what type employ­ ment San Antonio will need in five years will be the result of a current survey of the Greater 
San Antonio Chamber of Com­ merce. 
The Vocational Advisory Board of the cham ber will survey more than 2o1) businesses in coming months in order to d e te rm in e fu tu re n eeds for high school and technical school graduates. 
The idea is to use survey results in deciding what type of training should be em phasized, according to L. D. Van 
D oozer, c h a i r m a n of th e a d v is o ry board. 
“ If our survey shows, for instance, 

 that in five years San Antonio will not have a job m arket for diesel mechanics hut will need truck drivers, then the* various schools, instructors and stu­ dent counselors will have the informa­ tion on how to train students to meet this future dem and.” he said. 
The Vocational Advisory Board will compile the data and make results available to all area schools for use in a r ra n g in g their tra in in g p ro g ra m s, 
Van Doozer added. 

The Companies who have been asked to participate in the survey range in size from 5o to 5o1) em ployes. They include m anufacturers, contract con­ struction, transportation, com m unica­ tions, utilities and insurance firms. 
Coots drinker sues over new press-top cans 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LOS ANGELES - Is the “ average­ sized index finger” endangered by 
Coors’ new press-top beer cans? 
A class-action suit filed here claim s the new lids, described as “ second- generation openers” by the Golden, 
Colo., brewer, pose a hazard to beer drinkers even on the first try. 
The average-sized index finger cited by Glenn Greener in his suit “ became scraped, cut and even bruised in an attem pt to open the can.” 
The Woodland Hills man asked m e­ dical expenses and punitive dam ages from the company on behalf of “ all adult m em bers of the general public of 
California who have sustained personal injuries” while opening the cans. 
The object of G reener’s ire is Coors’ latest type of pop-top can, known as 
“ Press Tab II.” 
The company, first in beer sales i i i 
California, is introducing lids with noil-detachable openers to comply with a state law m andating such cans by 
January, 1979. 

Clutter Parks 
Oregon now requires non-detachable lids on cans and several other states are considering s im ila r reg u latio n s a fte r p re s s u re fro m e n v iro n m e n ta l groups who say the throwaway ring- pull lids are c lu tte rin g up national parks and other recreational facilities. 
Coca-Cola, Seven-Up and Bud Weiser are am ong o ther co m p an ies e x p e ri­ menting with non-detaehable lids. 
“ Press Tab II features a teardrop­ shaped wedge which folds down into the can,” says a Coors spokesman. 
“ The consum er m erely breaks the scored edges of the opener with thumb 
La Mansion Hotel nam ed m anagers 

Officials of River Hotel Co. and 
Texas Western Hotels Inc. have a n ­ nounced m an ag em en t appointm ents for the firm s’ new' La Mansion del 
Norte Hotel. 
John F. McGuigan, 41, a native of 
Sun Angelo, has been appointed exe­ cutive vice president and chief operat­ ing officer of Texas Western Hotels 
Inc. which will m anage both the new hotel to be built at IH41o and McCul­ lough Avenue and the firm ’s La Man­ sion Hotel in the downtown area. 
McGuigan is a product of the Hilton 
Hotels Corp., gaining ll years exper­ ience in Hilton facilities in Houston, 
New Y ork, W ashington, D.C., and 
Hawaii. 
He comes to San Antonio following two y e a rs with A m erican a Hotels, 

 m ost recently as vice president in ch arg e of that com pany’s southern hotel division. 
Jack Deal, a native of Miami, Flu., has been promoted to m anager of the existing La Mansion. He was executive assistant m anager and director of food and beverage. 
David Boenisch, 31. from Garwood, comes to the post of com ptroller and chief financial officer for all of River 
Hotel’s properties from positions with 
Price Waterhouse Co., Melton & Mel­ ton and com ptroller for a privately owned corporation. 
G ro u n d b re a k in g for th e new La 
Mansion del Norte Hotel is set for May 
16. The 3o6-room hotel is expected to be completed by July 1978 and will cost 
$1o million. 
Students play boss 

Ash 

Three University of Texas at San. 
Antonio students returned last week from a two-day m anagem ent sim ula­ tion gam e in Acapulco. Mexico. 
Karen Hiatt, Bill Schmidt and Bea 
Wallace represented UTSA in com pe­ tition with students from the Universi­ ty of Ottawa, the University of Akron, the University of Mexico and the Mon­ terrey Institute of Technology. 
The three UTSA students are from the “ M anagem ent Policy, Strategies and T rends” class taught by Dr. Ii. B. 

Wadsworth and Dr. G ary Raffaele. both UTSA associate professors of m anagem ent. 
During the two days, team s of stu­ dents made weekly decisions govern­ ing m ythical industries. Com puters receiv ed th e d a ta , d e te rm in e d in­ dustry-wide results and produced fin­ ancial statem ents and production re­ ports. 

This is the fourth y ear of UTSA participation in these games. 

The survey will cover the entire San 
Antonio and Bexar County area rather than one specific segment. 
In em phasizing the im portance of 

 completing and returning the su r­ veys, Van Doozer also noted individual firm nam es would be held in strict confidence. 

 p re s s u re and with the index finger gently depresses the tab, which folds down into the can as if it had been opened by a beer can opener.” 
The “ Press Tab II” model was pre­ ceded by “ P re ss Tab I ,” which fea­ tured two circular holes in the lid. 
The correct procedure for opening 
“ Press Tab I” was to first punch out the smaller-sized hole, thus releasing the air pressure, aud then go after the second hole. 
However, “ Press Tab I” required a plastic sealer inside the can because 
I he holes went all the way through and the company went on to “ Press Tab 
IL” which needs no sealer. 

Technique trouble 

Coors, w hich sells beer in 13 Western states and Texas, declines comment on the suit by Greener, who evidently had trouble with the second p a rt of the 
“ Press Tab II” technique. 
The company reports what it calls a 
‘‘n o r m a l” n u m b e r of s im ila r c o m ­ plaints but says that “ consum er edu­ cation on the correct opening proce­ dures have resulted in a learning curve and greater acceptance." 
A spot cheek of Los Angeles liquor stores turned up several clerks who reported custom er com plaints and one who may have the answer. 
Lou Z im m erm an of Consum er’s Li­ quor says the store is selling a new type of can opener known as the “ New 
Top Pop.” 
The opener, which costs 39 cents, 
“ fits over w here you’re supposed to press it down and it does the work for you,” says Zim m erm an, adding, “ One opener will last you indefinitely.” 

Marketplace 

The Local Ledger 

S n 

W inn’s Stores Inc. has announced first q u a r te r net sab»s reached 
$12,943,751, an increase of 5.86 per cent over the first quarter of 1976. Net income, however dropped 12.38 per cent from 1976, from $6o7,o92, or HI cents per share, to a current $54o,2o2 or 54 cents a share. Board Chairm an 
Lynn H. Spears blamed severe weather in January and F eb ru ary and devaluation of the peso for the drop. 
Republic Bank of San Antonio will begin Saturday banking hours starting April 3o. Beginning that date, the bank at 18o1 Broadway will be open from 9:3o a.m . to 12:3o p.m. each Saturday with drive-in windows open until 2:3o p.m. 
Texas Assn. of Business will sponsor a town hall program at San 
Antonio College April 26 at 1o:5o a.m . The p ro g ra m , a discussion of practical applications of classroom business subjects, w ill feature officials from Bexar County National Bank, Church’s Fried Chicken, R JR Foods, 
Datapoint Corp. and Frontier Enterprises. 
Conroy Inc. has told stockholders of an earnings improvement of m ore than 5o per cent over the first quarter of 1976. Net income for the firm topped $1,375,ooo or 34 cents per share verses last y ea r’s $865,ooo or 21 cents a share. Company officials credit the firm ’s Glastron pleasure boat division whose first six months sales increased 32 per cent and the O’Sullivan television and stereo division with a IO per cent increase for the improve­ ment. 
St. Anthony Hotel will be the scene June 7 of a one-day sem inar and workshop for advanced and executive secretaries sponsored by Batten, 
Batten. Hudson & Swab Inc. of Des Moines, Iowa, and Corona del Mar, 
Calif. Single registration is $95. 
Greater San 
Antonio 
Builders 
Assn. will feature hoaxer F ran k 
Abagnale Jr. at its April 26 general m em bership meeting. Abagnale, while assum ing six different identities and professions, successfully cashed over 
$2.5 million in bad cheeks in more than 26 countries. 
Swanco 
Broadcasting 
Inc., which owns and operates 
KKYX 
Radio, has changed its corporate nam e to Swanson Broadcasting, com ­ pany officials said. 
Snelling and Snelling national employment se n ice, with offices in San 
Antonio, has announced the formation of the Snelling Institute of Employ­ ment Research, an independent organization to accum ulate and distribute employment-related data. Dr. Seymour L. Wolfbein. dean of the School of 
Business Administration for F’hiladelphia’s Temple University, is chairm an of the new institute’s board of trustees. Initial research is delving into the thesis that, despite high unemployment, representative jobs, exist for those desiring work. 
A course in investment, financial and estate planning will begin April 28 at Southwest Center for Continuing Education, 8oo Quintana Road. 
M eeting T hursday nights for five weeks, the course will cost $1o per student. Call the center at 924-6463 for more details. 

S.A. tops list for industry 

San Antonio tops the list of cities with p ro ­ posed industrial plants, according to a survey re­ leased by Bureau of Bu­ siness R esearch at the 
U niversity of Texas at 
Austin. 
San Antonio, with It) new plants and two ex­ pansions planned, led 25 other Texas cities in new starts. 
D a lla s -F o rt 
W orth le a d s th e n u m b e r of planned expansions with qw, followed by nine in 
L ongview an d eig h t in 
Houston. 
The four cities together account for 52 per cent of new' and expanded indus­ trial activity in the state. 
The m ost active se g ­ m e n ts of in d u s try in term s of growth were fa­ bricated metal products, nonelectrical machinery. ch e m ic als and related products and stone, clay, glass and concrete pro­ ducts. 

J r ‘t . ss as 
♦ i * 

The Board of Directors of the 
FrostBank Corporation 
San Antonio, Texas has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 ‘/2 cents a share payable 
April 19,1977 to shareholders of record as of 
March 31,1977 

1972 1973 
1974 1975 
1977 198o 

The fa ct is that WIENER KING has grow n faster in its first years than an y co m petitor in thfe fast fo o d industry And with 25o franchises currently in p re p a ra tio n , WIENER KING e x p e cts a 1,ooo unit n atio n w id e m atrix thru 198o 
C a ll TOLL FREE 1 8oo-438-4949 or write WIENER KING 
Franchise Division, Dept T ,161o E M o re h e a d , C h arlo tte 
N C 282o7 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 

THE REVOLUTIONARY NEW PROCESS 
IN OFFICE COPIERS 
ANY COPIER SYSTEM THAT PROMISES TO SAVE YOU 
MONEY SHOULDN’T COST YOU A FORTUNE 

COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, INC. 
121 5o VALLIANT DRIVE 
342-4111 

□ COMPACT & PORTABLE — Rugged, / high-style molded housing with desk­ top compactness. Only 2 9 ” long, 
I 9 . 75 " deep, and I 1.5” high. It plugs into any standard I I OV, 6o Hz. outlet. 

□ AUTOMATIC OPERATION — Dial the number of copies you need — I to 
2o. Or, set it on “ continuous” for long production runs. All controls are at your fingertips. 

□ EASY TO OPERATE, LOAD AND 
SERVICE — No special operator needed. Light signals when paper or maintenance is needed. Get inside easily for fast paper reloading, service, or component changes. 

□ ATTRACTIVE PRICE, TOO! Bond-like copies at a fraction of the cost of a bond copier. 

COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, INC. 
1215o VALLIANT DR. 
342-4111 

DISTRIBUTED BY COPY 
DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 
SERVING THE NEEDS OF SAN 
ANTONIO FOR THE PAST 14 
YEARS 

A p e c o 

□ 
As 

BOND COPIER 3oo High-contrast, low-cost copies on plain paper. 
A p e c o 3oo 
B O N D COPIER 

PRINT-QUALITY COPIES — New Dri- 
Tone process. No liquids. Monotoner replenishing. High contrast Bond-like copies with the look and feel of fine printed literature. 
Performs As Good 
It Looks 
□ 

□ 

ROLL-FEED & SHEET-FEED — Copies are trimmed to size from a roll of paper inside. Single-sheet bypass lets you switch from roll paper to different size sheets without reloading the copier. 

COPIES UP TO I I ” x I 7 ” — Copy colors, photos, drawings, form letters, legal papers — anything up to 
I I ” x I 7 ” in size. Copy books and 3D items. Double-hinged cover for better exposure of dimensional items. 

Don't let the price fool you The Apeco Bond Copier 
3oo out-performs other plain paper copiers costing substantially more. Compare for yourself! 
“No-Halo” reproductions 
Copy letters, contracts, books and 3D items Copy anything up to 1o" x 14" on any kind of bond paper. 
No more iattle-tale gray, halo images Get solid black, high-contrast copies that even some of today's most expensive plain paper copiers can t duplicate. 
Auto-load electro-masters 
The copy-quality secret is in the new Electro- 
Masters and magnetic brush development system 
There are no costly drums to replace Just insert an inexpensive master into a slot. It loads itself in seconds. The old master is ejected automatically A light flashes to signal when it s time to replace masters to maintain optimum copy quality. 

Cassette paper loading 
Pre-load the paper of your choree into quick-switch paper cassettes. Change from letter-size paper to legal size, color stocks, or pre-printed forms in seconds. Cassettes keep paper neat, clean, wrinkle- free They re easy to stack, easy to store. 

Follows the copy flow 

Polls easily from department to department to cut down copy work pile-ups. Optional roll-about stand holds supplies for thousands of copies. 

By-pass for 2-sided copies 
Cut costs in half by copying on both sides of a single sheet Save on mailing costs, collating and stapling tim e -e v e n filing space Make single copies on color stock, letterheads, odd-sized paper, etc without changing cassettes Simply insert sheets into the by-pass slot 

Swift and simple 
Place your original on the copy top. set the dial for the number of copies you need (1 to 2o). and press the Print button Clear, ready-to-use copies are counted out quickly and automatically T urn it on in the morning, and after a short warm-up. it s ready to perform instantly all day long. So simple, anyone can get tine results the very first try. 
Do-it-yourself serviceability 
Correct minor stalls with no service-call delays. 
Readily-accessible. slide-out assemblies let you clear paper hang-ups easily. Solid state circuitry, modular construction, and quick-change components minimize downtime and deliver greater time. money, and work-saving reliability. 

X 
Ail insight into your foresight 

What does TV star Barbra 
Walters have in common with football hero Joe Namath — besides their million-dollar contracts? They both appear to be aggressive persons high in foresight, says author-scientist 
Stephen Rosen. And what about another odd couple — Marilyn 
Monroe and 
Saul 
Bellow? 
They’re both probably high in hindsight, he observes. 
What about you? 

Bv ST EPH EN ROSEN 

Are you more in touch w ith your past 
— or your future? Is your personality oriented toward the future, toward the past — or both? 
Take the average nian-in-the-strcet in Afghanistan: he truly believes his country is not a world power today only because many centuries ago, Genghis 
Khan destroyed his people’s irrigation system. That’s an example of a hindsight-oriented personality in a hindsight-oriented culture. 
Then there’s the high-pressure busi­ ness executive whose calendar is booked solid a month or more in ad­ vance — a foresight-oriented persona­ lity in a foresight-oriented culture. 
Foresight is defined as the faculty of foreseeing what will happen looking forward . . . having a care for the future. Hindsight usually means understanding what has happened after the event — and what ought to have been done that perhaps wasn't. 
But these conventional meanings are not too helpful in unlocking tin1 per­ sonality traits of those who spend their energy looking ahead or looking be­ hind. Consider the following clusters of personality traits: 
Suppose your thinking tends to be logical and orderly. You tend to have a strong ego and solid defenses. You can usually restrain your impulses and you have flexible self-controls. You are empathetic and involved with people. 
You believe in your own maturity. You are relatively free of anxiety and. for the most part, are happy. Before going ahead, you mentally rehearse any fu­ ture actions. You are aggressive anil constructive. Achievement is probably 

V. 

April 24 1977 

Page 
I -H * 

 very important to you. You have learned to compromise with reality. 

If this description fits. you may be high in foresight, a good planner and predictor. Persons who appear to be aggressive, high-foresight types might include football player Joe* Na­ math, President Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalyn!!, television star Barbara 
Walters, and that financial wizard, the first John I). Rockefeller. 
But suppose instead you’re comple­ tely different — your talents lie in an­ other dimension. Suppose you tend to be creative, imaginative and spontan­ eous. You are usually open to new ex­ periences. You are often sensitive, perhaps even somewhat narcissistic. 
You may strive to master the frustrations of the past; perhaps you often criticize your earlier failures. 
Rarely are you angry. Your dealings with people are typically harmonious and free of conflict. Your responses to new ideas and experiences are often characterized by a great deal of varie­ ty and by some slight anxiety. Your inner life is often filled with rich fan­ tasies and ruminations: your own re­ veries are internal and personal. You may tend to blur cause and effect. 
If you match these traits, you may well be a retrospective type, gifted largely with hindsight — probably in company with personalities such as authors Lillian Heilman and Saul Bel­ low arid actress Marilyn Monroe. 
Iii search studies at Harvard over a decade ago, these two sets of trails, or 

 symptoms were grouped into a ‘’fore­ sight syndrome” and a “ hindsight syndrome.” 

If you could choose, which set of traits would be preferable? The Har­ vard studies showed that an admixture of “ a little” hindsight with "a lot” of 
Test Yourself 

Are you primarily a hindsight personality (Marilyn Monroe, Saul 
Bellow) or a foresight personality 
(President Jimmy Garter. Barbara 
Walters)? Check whether you agree or disagree with each of the follow­ ing statements. To score yourself. see directions below. 

Check One: 
Y E S NO 

1. In order to merit the respect of others, people should show the desire to better them- 
5 selves........................................ 
□ □ 

2. I tend to suppress anger if it might damage a friendly rela­ tionship 
................................. 
□ □ 

3. I feel I am a very worthwhile person....................................... g [ ] 

4. A newspaper usually has to make events seem more sen­ sational in order to build cir­ culation..................................... 
□ □ 

5. People are lonely because 

Check One: 
Y E S NO they don’t try to be friendly. 
□ □ 

6. Once in a while, I like to poke a little fun at some peo­ ple............................................. 
□ □ 

7. People are basically differ­ ent in their make-up, interests and personalities..................... 
□ □ 

8. It s hard to get ahead with­ out cutting corners here and 
^ere. , ................................... 
□ □ 

9. With change taking place so rapidly, it seems as though anything could happen. 
. . . 
□ □ 

I o. I very much enjoy compe­ tition.......................................... 
Q Q 

I I. Even if you give me a few facts about a person, I still won t have a good idea of whether or not I like the per­ son.......................................... 
□ □ 

Check One: 
Y E S NO 
I 2. Most of the time, I have good luck..................................... □ □ 

13. Clever or sarcastic people often make me feel uncomfor­ table. . . 
□ □ 

14. W a r is inherent to human n a tu r e ....................................... 
□ □ 

15. First impressions are very important.................................... 
□ □ 

I 6. I spend a fair amount of time deciding which clothes to w ear............................... 
□ □ 

To score yourself: Circle state­ ment numbers I. 3, 5, 6, 8, IO, 12. 14. 
Count how many of these circled questions you agree with. On a scale of I to 8. this number is your foresight quotient. Now, count how many of the questions not circled that you agree with. On a scale of I to 8. this number represents your 
Hindsight quotient. 

 foresight was associated with high achievement. Examples might include artist-scientist-inventer Leonardo da 
Vinci, actors Robert Redford and 
George C. Scott. Furthermore, high- foresight personalities consistently de­ scribed themselves as happier than did low-foresight types. 
Everyone exhibits traces of each trait in a complex, individual mixture. 
Intrinsically neither good nor bad, many of the traits have high survival value in the marketplace. 
From personal knowledge of friends and associates, it’s tempting to ob­ serve that good long-range planners, business executives and decision­ makers are most probably high on both hindsight and foresight; authors, artists and musicians may be higher on hindsight than on foresight; scien­ tists and engineers are probably higher on foresight than on hindsight. 
Ifs also templing to notice the way our "hindsight quotient” and “ fore­ sight quotient’’ undergo subtle changes as we grow older — first one dominating, then tin' other. 
Example: In his prime, the late and legendary magnate Howard Hughes was undoubtedly very high in foresight quotient; in his later life, it would ap­ pear that this quality radically dimin­ ished. with hindsight coming simul­ taneously to the fore. 

Using simple self-inventory methods, scientists have been able to derive numerical scores, reflecting a person’s hindsight quotient and foresight quotient. 
Furthermore, they have uncovered some surprises. A teacher, housewife, lyricist, chef, public school student will tend to exhibit high-hindsight and low-foresight profiles. Those in middle management, administrative services. 

 bank operations, as well as account executives, private-school students, sales and financial managers tend to be high-foresight and low-hindsight personalities. Psychologists and long- range planners tend to score low on both. Then there are those people who score high on both. 
First in a series®- 

One of the highest foresight quo­ tients to date belongs to a corporation president who also has a very high hindsight score, lh' is a very success­ ful sales enterpreneur — aggressive yet sensitive. 
His tough-minded profit orientation reflects his high foresight aspect; his charm, elegance and narcissism re­ flect his high hindsight qualities. 
Another senior executive, the presi­ dent of his own book-publishing com­ pany. scores very high on both hind­ sight and foresight, evidently because his interests and orientation span the worlds of creativity and enterprise. 
Are ali of us stuck with our present quotients of hindsight and foresight — or are there ways we can change or 
“ improve” our hindsight and foresight if we wish? 

To achieve success, to reach any goal we desire, we must have a plan, a rehearsal for action. Such an action program often develops out of day­ dreams or fantasies, which start the complex process of spanning time by calling forth visions of future accom­ plishments (foresight), by reviewing past errors (hindsight), or by a com­ 

 bination of both. 
Conceptual ability to span time is a measure of the capacity to take re­ sponsibility. High positions and high salaries in industry are invariably as­ sociated with maximum or long-range 
“ time-span of responsibility” — that length of time a person can function autonomously, reliably, without supervision. 
Indeed, often unwittingly, workers find jobs at levels corresponding to their time-span capacities; often they will seek to maintain that same corre­ spondence as their work-level changes. 
It is the rare and talented person who can sustain the insecurity, and tolerate the long periods of uncertainty, which come from lack of immediate evidence that a particular plan will work. 
Work itself is a kind of investment in one s own capacity to span time, to exercise foresight and hindsight, to imagine future accomplishments and to review past errors. The bigger the job, the bigger the problem of invest­ ment and risk, since a longer series of decisions must be negotiated over a longer period of time. Since the risks are greater, of course, so are tin* rewards. 
The practical implications — for corporations, educational institutions, even entire nations — are vast. Sup­ pose we can identify those who are gifted in hindsight and foresight. Sup­ pose we can train people lo have vary­ ing levels of hindsight and foresight. 
We will come to value the gifts of both tradition and innovation. We are made w ise not only by the recollections of our past but by the responsibilities for our future. 

M O N D A > in rim 
S: 
I hr t'ul lire is Ours In 

 omoivsSkop 

Half and large Size fashions JL_ 

SIZKS I t-'/i to 
Summertime occasion dressing 

For an elegant entrance at that special occasion. Frankly fem inine iii a dazzling display ol colorful flowers and butterflies on a background of cool white voile. cc 
Elasticized scoop neckline*;, sashed and border hemmed iii royal blue. 
O f a blend of cotton/polyester. 

From a collection. 862 

NO. M MN \\ E./MICH Vin DK. PL\Z\ 
NORTH STAR M MJ./W ON DER LA NI) 

\Im » ill Corpn* 1 ll! M i .nill lltMiotOll 

STEPHEN ROSEN 
About the author 

Dr. Stephen Rosen’s specialty is the future which, only slightly tongue-in-cheek, he calls 
“ unforgettable.” Ile is the author of “ Future 
Facts” (Simon & Schus­ ter. New York, 1976), which he describes as “ a vivid glimpse at hundreds of imminent innovations, now on the drawing boards, that are destined to improve our lives.” 

Trained as "an astro­ physicist in the origins of cosmic radiation,” with a Ph.D. from Adelphi 
University (N.Y.), Dr. 
Rosen has served var­ iously as a research scientist at IBM and the 
Institut d’Astrophysique, in Paris; and as a phy­ sics instructor at the 
Hudson Institute (N.Y.). 
Presently a management consultant based in New 
York City, he lectures to audiences throughout the country. His essays and scientific papers have appeared in publications such as the New York 
Times, Wall Street Jour­ nal, New Scientist, Na­ ture, The Physical Re- tfllvifl Qllrl cd biirn’ 

 i d i i i 
Ii**?!? 

 r n i I jiff 

SPECIAL SAVINGS: Ethan Allen 
Roll Top Desk 

It takc> less than 56 inches of ted veneers, the desk is reminis- wall fur our Roll Top Desk, cent of lim b (rafted roll top- 
Mid all of a sudden your world of yesterday, (anne on oyer to gets organized into 
22 com- our house. Desks arc in stic k partiiients and drawers. 
Cion* now for immediate delivery. st meted of s o lid Pine ami selee- 
599 

(jEORfjEnWJt MANSOR 

2819 N W LO O P 4 1o al Vance Jackson 

Open Mon. Fn IO a.rn 9 p.m. 

Phone 341 81o8 

Sal. 1o a rn. 6 p m. 

P a g e 
2-H 
*• 
S a n A ntonio EXPRESS N E W S — S u n d a y April 24 1 9 7 7 
The fur flies over civil service lawsuit 

O f t 

TRUTH “ We can't represent both sides. You call that a conflict of inter­ est,” Assistant DA NORRIS YATES telling Commissioners Court atter it debated reducing legal costs by having the DA’s office handle several sides of the Civil Service Com m ission suit against District Clerk ELTON CUDE. 
. . And Com. A. J. PLOCH grumbling 
“ Civil Service is worthless. If they want to get rid of somebody, they do it anyway (rules or no rules, that is) . . . 
Let’s get out of civil service before it b reaks u s ! ” . . . And 
BRUZZIE- 
REEVES retorting: “ Let me tell you something. 
PLOCH, if Mr. 
CUDE had followed the procedu res we wouldn’t be here today!’’ . . . he meant discussing extra legal fees to cover costs of repeating the reinstatement suit a district judge just wiped o u t. . . 
CUDE asked for, and got, a new trial 
. . . . CSC had charged the district clerk simply failed to observe notifi­ cation and hearing rules in his dis­ charge action . . . the com m ission didn’t object to the discharge itself. . . 

REALISTIC: Com. 
PLOCH dis- 

Potpourri 

People and Politics 

 counting any need to decentralize tax asessor-collector facilities just to wipe out the long lines of people paying taxes or buying auto licenses . . . 
“ We’re always worrying about people waiting in line. You can't eliminate them.’’ PLOCH insisting. . . 

HOW FAR will they get? Civil Ser­ vice Com. 
LUCILLE SANTOS and 
Chairman BOB MONTALVO insisting general aptitude and psychological testing should be given all sheriff’s deputy applicants before hiring .. . jail guards are subjected to that kind of testing, she said, so why not the deputy hopefuls? “ Everybody who carries a pistol ought to have psychological 

 testing,” MONTALVO agreeing . . . So far. Sheriff BILL HAUCK hasn’t re­ sponded to CSC. . . 

IT'S back to the back burner for a while on the urgent need for a surface water supply for San Antonio . . . last week, with record rains and flooding all over town, San Antonio had surface water running out its ears . . . propon­ ents will just have to wait for a drier spell . . . 

SOMEONE influential, wishing to remain anonymous, is drumming up support at City Hall for a state legis­ lative bill submitted by Rep. FRANK 
So you thought the 

( f i r I j ivtt s dead • • 

OLD Good Government Leaguers bemused by the fact that five former 
GGLers were elected to the 77-79 council, and the first appointm ent after the runoff (by the old council) was that old CGL nemesis, former 
County Com. ALBERT PENA . . . 

LIN EU P: When 
PENA was in ­ stalled a municipal judge it felt, for a while, like a cliff-hanger . . . over at 
City Hall, it was a true vote counting effort . . . but he won the post and 
Judge H F. “HIPPO” GARCIA went on with the swearing-in at Bexar County 
Courthouse just as planned . . . there were a few anxious moments, though 
. . . and in the audience, politics pro­ duced strange mixtures . . . the coun­ cil m em bers-elect were well-repre* 

Boiler 
Room 

At The 
Capitol 

I,tis.if a v*, hi (listin 

SOME DAYS (and weeks) it just doesn't pay to get out of bed . . . ask 
Rep AL BROWN 
Last Tuesday BROWN fell victim to a noontime vote switch that saw him first win, then lose a key amendment he was trying to tack on the public school finance bill in the House. . . 
On Monday, he had tried to amend the bill to allow students attending the new’ Kitty Hawk Middle School in Uni­ versal City to get bus transportation even though they live inside the legal two-mile limit . . . 
BROWN’S r a ­ tionale was the kids are having to duck and dive across busy Pat Booker Road and an interstate highway in their daily treks to and from school . . . 
“ If one child is kept from serious injury, it would have been worth every cent. we could have spent.” 
BROWN said alter his amendment was turned back 78 to 68 by House members... 
“ Besides it would have applied to all the other school districts in the state who have this same dangerous prob­ lem,” tie added . . 
But then. BROWN isn't one to be set back by a loss or two . . . as he likes to' say “I didn’t get this flat nose at a tea party” . . . 

ON THE SAME subject, but a more humorous note, while BROWN was slugging it out on his school accounta­ bility amendments and decrying the modern student’s inability to speak, read and w rite, Rep. 
RONALD 
COLEMAN of El Paso pointed out 
BROWN had a misspelled word in one of his amendments . . . 
While the House broke up in laughter. Speaker 
BILL CLAYTON advised “ the author will be held ac­ countable” and BROWN quipped “ I am preparing a little test for all 
House members to take later.” 

Ca rn p a ig n rn i seel la ii pa 

 sented with MRS. HELEN DITMER, 
BERNARDO EURESTE, RUDY OR 
TIX, JOE ALDERETE and JOE WEBB 
. . . then there was a coterie of existing municipal judges, State Reps. FRANK 
TEJEDA. JOE HERNANDEZ, and 
MATT GARCIA, . . . District Judges 
JOHN 
BENAVIDES and 
FRED 
SHANNON and County Courts at Law 
Ju d g e s CAROL HABERMAN and 
ROSE SPECTOR, among others . . . 
Fourth Court of Civil Appeals Justice 
CARLOS CADENA also on hand. . . 

PENA, it will be recalled, was the example the GGL always held up as a convenient target to warn what would happen if GGL candidates were not elected and re-elected . . . strangely, after ALBERT was defeated by Com 
ALBERT BUSTAMANTE in 1972, the 
GGL’S m ajor troubles sta rte d developing . . . one staunch GGLer wasn't unhappy about PENA’S ap­ pointment as municipal judge . . . he explains that everyone knew where 
ALBERT stood, whether they agreed with him or n o t. . . 
IT’S good to see 
PENA back in office, even if it’s just an appointed post and presum ably far rem oved from politics . . . ALBERT was one of the most entertaining politicos around du rin g the m any years he was an elected official, and, no m atter how heavy the criticism thrown against him. was one public official who, when the wheels came off, didn't whine that had been done in by the press. . . 

MEMO to those candidates, and/or campaign staffers, who complained after the last hustings they were done in by the press . . . in some instances, the press would be more than happy to take the credit but the truth is that some of the candidates defeated them­ selves, some with help from staffers . . 

COUNTY 
Com. 
BUSTAMANTE never did set a direct answer from that attorney for EODC as to whether the attorney was being paid for attending the press conference 
BUSTY held to lambast the agency head for alleged campaign activities 
. . . if he was paid, does that mean taxpayers are going to have to pay at­ torneys for attend ing p ress conferences? . . . oh well, it’s just fe­ deral funds. . . 

TIFF: For a moment it looked like a good ring match when Coms. JEFF 
WENTWORTH and TOM STOL- 
HANDSKE threatened to meet after 

 court to settle their differences over 
JEFF’s charge of political chicanery in the down and now up hospital dis­ trict tax . . . WENTWORTH claiming the two-year-old tax cut was intro­ duced to give TOM the edge in his hard re-election race ag ain st RI- 
CHARD TENIENTE 
. . . STOL- 
HANDSKE objected but Ju d g e 
BLAIR REEVES stepped in to defend him in open court . . . . 
COUNTY Democratic Chairm an 
JOYCE PETERS, who struck gold in party financing during the last presi­ dential cam paign with her golden peanut jewelry, has a Yiew campaign fundraiser going . . . she's worked out a deal with a local product testing firm which will pay S3 to SIO per person provided by the party to test products . 
.. only cost to participating Democrats will be their time, and not too much of th a t. . . 

COUNTY 
Democratic 
Chairman 
JOYCE PETERS setting up a Demo­ cratic no-charge fun party for May IO at poolside at El Tropicano . . . JOYCE observes Democrats need a rest from the general, districting, bond, and city elections which have dominated the scene for the past six months . . . al­ ready lined up for the party, Mrs. 
PETERS rep orts, is a m an she considers one of the great standup co­ mics, new’ Texas Agriculture Com. 
REAGAN BROWN 
. . . Ju d g e 
FRANKLIN SPEARS, who specializes in barbershop singing when he isn’t judging, also has signed up for a solo . 

GREAT days for the public aborning in the wake of the city hustings . . . if all the campaign promises are kept, citizens will have new parks, library branches, sub-police stations, city hall annexes, holeless s tre e ts, p rop er drainage, bicycle trails, softball dia­ monds, curbs, sidewalks and a cut in taxes to pay for it a l l . . . 

Another stage in Hill's not very secret campaign 

John Hill, whose gubernatorial ambitions are perhaps the worst kept secret in recent Texas history , has something he wants to get on your chest. Ifs his campaign. 

Or a campaign shirt, to be exact, modeled here by Armand Laurel, one of the select few who attended 
Atty. Gen. Hill’s Dripping Springs strategy session two Sundays back. 

Presumably Laurel, who has a record of backing such winners as 
Dolph Briscoe and Jimmy Carter in previous elections, returned from the Hill Country meeting imbued with the Spirit of Hill. 

He’s also got a receipt for 5oo of the T-shirts he ordered. They’ll be on sale for $5 apiece, with all profits going to the campaign which Hill hasn’t formally announced. Yet. 

Your move, John. 

A C * * , * ; 

M i 
I t J . 

TEJEDA . . . it would have a propor­ tionate share of oil, gas and auto parts taxes sent back in tra n sp o rta tio n grants to cities rather than being put into an overall kitty spent by the State 
D epartm ent of Highways and T ran ­ sportation . . . . 
JUSTICE of the Peace RUDY ES­ 
QUIVEL doing pencil sketches of de­ fendants and attorneys in his court­ room . . . the judge also has a large painting done by a former Huntsville inmate adorning his outer chambers .. 
. naturally, the picture shows the wide open spaces . . . it was done by a man who drew 25 years on a marijuana rap when the penalties were much stiffer than nowadays . . . 

CONSTABLE CHARLEY CAMPOS going the route of Constable ISH 
GARZA in efforts to rid his payroll of holdover deputies . . . the difference is, where ISH hit ’em between the eyes with a two-by-four to get their atten­ tion, CHARLEY is using a silk glove approach . . . only three of the seven deputies in the office when CAMPOS took over remain on the payroll, and at least two of those remaining are hang­ ing on by their fingernails . . . 

EXCEF’T for the location, those two new .Justices of the Peace courtrooms at the County Jail are far nicer than the JP s old courtrooms at the County 
Courthouse . . . main drawback is the two courtrooms are just across the hall from the main prisoner entrance to the jail, not to mention being out of the 
Courthouse mainstream. . .and gra- fitti already is being scratched on the walls outside the courtrooms . . . 

WHY all the talk about price gouging by some parking lot operators during 
Fiesta Week? . . . what’s the difference between their hiking prices and the price of a can of beer in the carnival area going for 75 cents? . 
. . 

AND thanks to the easy working hours of some of the Courthouse judges, the jailhouse judges are get­ ting a little of the marriage trade they used to dominate when they officed on the first floor of the Courthouse . . . their marriage business picks up dur­ ing the noon lunch hour and the late afternoon when some Courthouse judges seem to be out of pocket. . . 

NOW that the expensive face-lifting on Alamo Plaza is nearing an end, perhaps the city can put in some public restrooms like the plaza had before all the improvements were made . . . that would ease the situation for the nearby 
Monger Hotel and Joske’s of Texas, whose restroom facilities are being put to the test in the public restrooms. . . 

JIO' rv. i' ■*. .^eigf ggge>,: 

Fiesta justice 
Did you hear the one about the judge who had trouble maintaining decorum in the courtroom because the roller coaster was next door? Justice of the Peace Rudy Esquivel has. He suffered through 
Fiesta activities last week with a carnival camped on his doorstep next to Bexar County Jail. Attorneys began calling him the “Jet 
Star Judge” after the roller coaster of a similar name, but Esquivel couldn’t be good-humored into taking the free coaster ride offered by owners of the half-million-dollar gizmo. The jail/courts complex is at upper right, barely visible through Jet Star 2 ’s tracks. 
Henry C ’s snit taught him a bit 

COUNCILMAN HENRY CISNEROS, who mounted a gigantic pout and threatened to quit the council seat he had just won a few weeks ago, proving that the learning process is a continu­ ing one . . . and fellow Councilman 
GLEN HARTMAN assuring HENRY he wouldn't go for him for mayor pro tem for his own good . . . nice to have someone watching out for HENRY’S best good . . . 

AND uncle 
RUBEN 
MUNGUIA, who has a few political years and ex­ perience on his nephew, CISNEROS, had a little talk with the councilman, trying to convince him he has plenty of time left to make it to the top, doesn't have to make it in one fell swoop . . . 

HOW did CISNEROS come to the conclusion that he had won the una­ lienable right to be mayor pro tem? . . 
. a fte r all, like 
JOHN STEEN, 
HENRY won election against rather nominal opposition . . . Councilmen 
PHIL PYNDUS, and HARTMAN, by contrast, ran against far more formi­ dable opposition, and also won w ithout runoffs . . . 

FOOTNOTES to the 
CISNEROS episode 
. . . 
Councilman 
PYN­ 
DUS sending him a note during a council session: “ You’ve been a bad b oy .” A nother one from outgoing 
Councilman AL ROHDE: “ Stay in there and stay cool. We all love you.” 

CISNEROS had expected support from incoming Councilman JOE AL­ 
DERETE. But he’s now' telling confi­ dants that ALDERETE wanted too many commitments. Others say the new councilman was listening to State 
Rep MATT GARCIA. . . 

A MINOR MYSTERY associated 
'with the CISNEROS this: The letter of 
“ resignation” as councilm an was typed by council secretary BARBIE 
HERNANDEZ. The typewriter ribbon. 

Power 
Players 

.Vol 'prs a n d shakers 

 bearing an imprint of the letter, was missing the next morning. . . 

ROHDE believes that big 9o plus per cent vote of confidence CISNEROS received may have led HENRY into his mayor pro tem fantasy . . . as AL explains it, when a politician gets a ’ vote margin that big, he gets the idea he can w'alk on water or fly to the moon 

NO need to worry because the new 
1977-79 City Council will be made up of seven new council members, and only four with previous council experience . 
. . the current 1975-77 council only had two holdovers from the 1973-75 council, seating seven new members, and the republic survived . . . the real differ­ ence in the 1977-79 council, by compa­ rison with the Golden Years of the 
Good Government League (some say they w eren’t so golden, but looking back they didn’t seem so bad), is the lack of businessm en who’ve met a payroll on the new council, and the advent of the academic influence . . . 

DESPITE all the lawyers involved in government, the new 11-member City 
Council which will assume its seat May 
I doesn’t have a single legal eagle on it 
. . . the last practicing attorney to sit on the council was GLENN LACY, and that was on the 1973-75 council . . . over the years there have been relati­ vely few attorneys on the councils . . . may have sometjiing to do with the low- pay . . . by contrast, three of the five m em bers of County Commissioners 
Court, the a d m in istra tiv e arm of county government, are lawyers . . . they don’t get rich on the job, but do make a living wage . . . 

’Adjust9 taxes and the heck with Gov. Briscoe 

REP. JOE WYATT 

Bv ROBERT HEARD 
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
AUSTIN — Taxes ought to he adjusted while there is a state surplus, regardless of the threat of veto, says the chairman of the 
House Ways and Means Com­ mittee. 
Rep. Joe Wyatt of Victoria says he hopes Gov. Dolph Briscoe will permit new or additional taxes in one area as long as taxes are cut in another and the net tax burden remains the same. 
“ If the governor wants to veto a bill, 
Tine. I see no harm in the legislature passing one, whether it be a refinery tax or sales tax or. you know, someth­ ing else 
U te the governor is prerogative to 
Ko P the legislature s prerogative 

W y a t t ’s c o m m i t t e e nandie* motet of the tax billa to chairman he is one of the most pfmeriut men in the 
House. 
Like a lot of politicians, Wyatt love* 

 power and needed only to make an early selection of the right candidate for speaker to get his hands on some of the levers of government. 
He supported .Speaker Bill Clayton in 
January 1974, when Clayton looked no better than even money for finishing in a tie for second.Carl Parker of Port 
Arthur led nearly everybody’s list as the favorite, and Fred Head of Athens appeared to have as good a chance to upset him as Clayton. 
Wyatt had worked in Rayford Price’s campaign in 1972. Clayton made him his campaign manager, and they took over the top floor of the historic Dris- kill Hotel in the final days to sweep the race with a telephone blitz. . 
Clayton rewarded him with the Ways and Means chairmanship, and Wyatt, a six-year House veteran with a degree in government from the University of 
Texas, dropped into that slot like a goldfish into a pond. 

A 35-year-old bachelor, Wyatt has plenty of time to devote to govern­ ment, one of his two great passions. 
The other Is the Texas coast. 
(rn his office wall hangs a painting •— eight feet long' and only a couple of feet high — of a solitary man standing in 

 m a rsh g ra ss alongside a coastal highway. 
Wyatt goes to the coast, especially 
Matagorda Island, ‘ as often as I can.” 

Wyatt’s father is a pumper for an oil company. His mother teaches govern­ ment and speech at Bloomington High 
School. 
Wyatt reaped a storm of criticism last year after he made a less than rom an tic c h a ra c teriz a tio n of the w hooping crane. 
“ My statement was: they are dumb and blind birds, that more of ‘em had been killed from flying into TV anten­ nas than have been shot down.” 
He got telephone calls and letters from nearly everyone who thinks birds are pretty. Actually, Wyatt said, he wants to see the whoopers survive as much as anybody, He simply saw no point in defying them during discus­ sions about the future of Matagorda 
Island. 
Like a lot of people, Wyatt eats more than he should, but he has alternately stuffed himself and dieted. 
“ I’m a nervous eater,” he said, sit­ ting behind a desk with a brownie on one corner. A plate of cookies sat on a table in his secretaries’ office outside. 

Before his first legislative cam­ paign in 1971, he carried 165 pounds on his six-foot frame. At the end of the primary in May, the scales said 192. 
Today, he weighs 2o4, but he has been as high as 24o. 

Wyatt shuns labels. “ I feel like there are three ways to classify members of the House: on social votes, on business votes and on fiscal votes. 
Fis­ cal are budgetary in state government 
— whether to vote tax money for wel­ fare or higher education, etc. I say I’m a fiscal moderate, a business conser­ vative and a social human rights li­ beral.” 
His committee “ has the unique abi­ lity to look at the income of the state, determine where it’s going, where it should go. and fu rth e rm o re to determine if it does go to one given place, what’s going to happen to you down the line.” 
In answer to a question, he said he has no ambition to run for the Sen­ ate, where he would have to beat Bill 
Patman of Ganado. 
He has made noises about running for comptroller. Bob Bullock has said he’d love to have Wyatt run against him. 

What about Congress? 
“ Congress interests me, and ob­ viously that’s where it happens. Where a lot of it happens. I’d love to serve in 
Congress,” he said. 
Wyatt thinks there is a tendency to overlook his committee. But he also regrets not having served on the better known Appropriations Committee. 
One committee that has more pres­ tige than it deserves, he said, is State 
Affairs. 
He got tired of serving on that com­ mittee, he said, because “ everything went to the sam e subcom m ittee of five,” and because of the interminable testimony the members had to endure. 
Once, during a hearing on a cosme­ tology bill, “ This one woman got up and talked for 2o minutes and told us how to m ake a wig. And somebody finally said, ‘Lady. w hat’re you talking about?” 
“ She said, ‘Well, I’m telling you how to make a wig.’ And they said, ‘Why?’ 
And she said, ‘I want you to write this into law.’ How many knots you’ve got to have, how many hairs per square inch and all that business. 
“That was the night that I decided never again would I ever serve on this committee.” 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page • 3-H 
Tum bling: The price o f paradise 
I 

IO S ANGELES t im e s s e r v ic e 

LAS VEGAS — Behind the 
Las Vegas facade of fun and frivolity, a unique and op­ pressive system of law en ­ forcem en t has evolved to nourish and protect a $1.2 billion-a-year g a m b lin g in ­ dustry. 

• 
The flood of tourists and amateur gamblers that brings Las Vegas a fortune of fabulous dimensions also attracts a torrent of cheats, crooks, vice purveyors and thugs. 
The price tag for legalized gam­ bling: rousts, false arrests, selec­ tive enforcement and a ubiquitous 
“ Big Brother” system requiring virtually everyone who works to have an official work card. 
Ralph Lam b, sheriff of Clark 
County for 16 years, controls the system. He is like no other sheriff in 
America. 
As head of the Las Vegas Metro­ politan Police Dept., as well as the county sheriff’s office. Lamb is the most powerful lawman in Nevada. 
He wields vast power as a regulator and policy maker, too. 
Under governmental mechanisms set up to nourish and protect gam­ bling, the primary source of state revenue, Lamb has the statutory power to: 
• Determine who can or cannot work in gambling, liquor and relat­ ed industries. Everyone needs a work card. His office issues them. 
• Investigate applicants for or­ dinary business licenses and re­ commend who shall be approved or denied. 
• Investigate and recommend in the same way on liquor and gaming applicants, and then don another hat as a voting member and chair­ man of the board that decides on his recommendation. He is seldom overruled by the board on which he sits as chairman. 
• , Enforce liquor laws generally and recommend when licenses should be suspended or revoked. 
He does all of this with the bless­ ing of most of elected officialdom, the business community and the ci­ ty’s two major daily newspapers. 

The prevailing attitude seems best summarized by Oran 
Gragson. who until 1975 had served as Las Vegas mayor for 16 years: 

“ I think Ralph Lamb has been an excellent sheriff for this county. 
Maybe in some instances he’s been more of an old Western style sheriff 

“ Ralph Lam b is still the sheriff. He is plenty powerful and will remain so as long as the city’s two biggest newspapers continue to withhold ail criticism of him.” 
The editorial's pointed reference was to the Sun and the Review- 
.Journal, the city’s major dailies. 
At the Review-.Journal, the city’s fattest daily. Don Digilio, a close friend of Lamb, calls the shots as executive editor. 
Digilio said he “ can’t divorce” his “ inner feeling” for his friend from his judgment as an editor. 
“ I wouldn’t go out of my way to look for something (bad to print about the sheriff),” he conceded. “ I might tone down a story because of our friendship.” 
While adm itting the Review- 
-Journal seldom criticizes the sher­ iff. Digilio said the paper plays crime news heavily and that Lamb sometimes complains that “ those headlines are killing me.” Sheriff 
Lamb admits that Sun columnist 
Paul Price also is a friend of his and that he jointly owns land with the 
Sun, but he said they still criticize him from time to time. 

Sun pub lish er Hunk Green- spun said he’s w ritten critical stories about Lamb. He recalled that back in the 195os he was rough on the sheriff when he was a deputy patrolling the Strip. 
The publisher said he wrote sa­ tirical verse then, jabbing Lamb for failing to close down Roxie’s, a no­ torious brothel. 
Prostitution has been an impor­ tant part of the Las Vegas scene since Bugsy Siegel opened tin* Fla­ mingo back in 1946. 
(’rammed into Metro’s files ace" dossiers on some 7,ooo prostitutes, and it is estimated that as many as. 
3,ooo ply their trade daily. 
Visitors may see them in nearly every casino bar, some placed in the most conspicuous public areas available. 
“They’re good for business,” one casino operator frankly admitted. 
Hotel security does much of the policing. If a hooker is good looking, well dressed and discreet, she usually has no problem. 
“ Let’s face it, there are high class hookers,” said Bob Kennedy, the 
Aladdin’s security chief. 

“ There’s the gal who takes 
$2o and the gal who takes $1oo. If she is not up to our standards, we run her off.” 
Attorney .John Wanderer said the security guards usually warn a su­ spected prostitute, take her photo­ graph and tell her that if she comes 

♦ w 

 mid mg- 
*-■ 
Z— "rn 

 than a modern officer, but he’s got the job done.” 
As a lawman. Lamb operates with fewer curbs than most. 
The success of Las Vegas depends upon a well-oiled system of con­ trols. Lamb gives the gambling in­ dustry precisely what it wants, strong enforcement even at the ex­ pense of individual rights. 
Public opposition to the sheriff’s methods is rare and is limited to the small, volunteer-staffed American 
Civil Liberties Union chapter and a handful of lawyers. 
Repressive and unequal enforce­ ment is an accepted part of the Las 
Vegas scene. Innocent tourists have been arrested on spurious charges. 
Wives waiting at the bar for their gam bling husbands have been picked up as hookers. 

Known p rostitu tes, even those not plying their trade, are arrested on vague charges—tres­ passing, vagrancy, disorderly con­ duct. 
Blackjack players, whose only crime is expertise at the game, are hauled off to ja il on trespass charges. 
“ Outlaw” hookers without hotel- casino sanction are arrested while 

 approved girls operate almost un­ molested. 
The sheriff’s hand-picked task force (sometimes referred to as the goon squad) and vice officers roam the Strip, sweeping it clean of ele­ ments they consider undesirable. 
Scores of individuals spend days in jail only to be released without being formally charged. 
Another layer of enforcement — hotel security — rousts and some­ times roughs up known and su­ spected cheaters and hookers who don’t meet their standards. Occa­ sionally innocent tourists who fail to pass muster get the same treat­ ment. 
Sheriff’s officers routinely honor citizen arrests made by hotel se­ curity and transport the culprits — or victims — to jail. 

Nearly IO million tourists en­ tered Las Vegas in 1976. Few were aware as they passed through the airport that they were under the scrutiny of plainclothes officers on a 
24-hour vigil to keep out undesira­ bles. 
Nor did they known that hotel re­ gisters are regularly checked in the quest to keep the town clean. 
“ He (Lam b) has got 1,ooo eyes and ears out there,” said one local 

 politician. 

Politics runs in the Lamb family. 
At one time four members simul­ taneously held elective office in 
Clark County: Ralph; Floyd, a state senator; Darwin, who was a county commissioner, and West flowery, a brother-in-law', who was a city commissioner. 
In most com munities, Sheriff 
Lamb would soon become a contro­ versial figure, but in Las Vegas his police style scarcely raises an eye­ brow. 
The Valley Times, published in 
North Las Vegas, is the only one of three local dailies which has poin­ tedly criticized the sheriff. 
The sm all, feisty publication, which is fighting to survive, lam­ basted Lamb in an editorial last year over the local crime rate: 

“ Ralph Lamb, of course, is the smoothest politician in Nevada. 
He’s tall and handsome and makes an imposing figure in his richly tailored suits. No one can help but like him on a personal basis. 
“ He spends plenty of time doing favors for ‘good ol’ boys’ that he likes, or for people who will benefit him politically. 
“ He works the Strip and has great 

 contacts on it. One of the reasons he has remained in power so long is that he knows where and when to tread, and when to lay off. He doesn’t upset any applecarts. 
“ Ralph Lamb knows the Strip in­ side and out. He knows who pushes the buttons — and how to get them pushed so that he gets what he wants for himself and his friends. 
“ . . . Is he seriously trying to cope with our rising crime rate? 
“Or, is he more concerned with the ‘juice’ decisions of who gets li­ quor licenses and gaming licenses and work cards? The answer seems obvious to us, at least.” 
Arguing that in any other city, the sheriff would be ousted, the Valley 
Times added: back she will be arrested. 
When hookers become too nu­ merous and too blatant around town, steps are taken to thin their ranks. It’s a hard-headed business decision unrelated to morality. 
Too many hookers might turn off middle America, the new tourist target of the gambling mecca. 
Said form er mayor Gragson: 
“ When they get too hungry and their overtures are too raw, you have to pick them up. You have to make it uncomfortable for them to be too brash.” 

Las V eg a s m a y be th e w o rld ’s b ig g e st p la y p e n , bu t th e rules a re strictly e n fo rc ed 

N ader’s Raiders ease into governm ent 

............................. , a1 occasions. In the 197os, 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
WASHINGTON - n the 196os, when hey worked for 
^alph 
N ader in lakeshift offices in crum bling Victor- tn m ansion, Har- ison 
W ellford, 
'heodore Jacobs and owed Dodge hardly n a g in e d th e y ’d 
Dine day get a crack t reorganizing the overnment. 
But they and scores of her former 
Nader orkers have found laces in the higher 
•aches of the Carter ad- linistration and on Capi- 
1 Hill. 
For years, Nader and is legion of lawyers and udent workers, spear- eaded by 
“ N ader’s aiders,” fought their insumer battles strictly 
> outsiders. Now many of ie people who made their lines fighting the sys- m help run it. 
They insist that holding 
Tice won’t dilute their msumerist ideals, but icre’s a difference, ellford, associate direc- r of the Office of Man- gement and Budget, mimed it up: 
“ When you’re on the itside, you don’t have to ice up to the con- quences of your ideas, e trade-offs, the scope of 
•sponsibilities,” he lys. “You didn’t have to orry that some cabinet ember or the President as going to implement 
>ur proposals.” 
None of the Nader folk iw on Capitol Hill moved redly from one camp to e other except for Juan laybrook, nominated to 
2ad the National High- ay T raffic Safety Ad- inistration. Most made e transition slowly, first orbing for the Carter impaign, then in the lange-over period. 
Wellford, for example, orked at Nader’s Center r Study of Responsive aw from 1969 to 1972, was e late Sen. Philip Hart’s lief of staff through 1976, ined Carter's campaign id worked on his transi- 
>n team. 
All believe that their 

 ties with Nader helped get them into government. 
One reason is because of 
Carter’s apparent sym­ pathy with the consumer. 
Another is because Carter is cost conscious and 
Nader people are know n as hard workers who can live w ithin stoic budgets. 
Being associated with 
Nader, however, isn’t without its drawbacks. 
Some say they have been accused of having an an­ tibusiness bias, of being 
Nader’s inside agents, although W ellford and 
James Fallows, at least, say Nader is .just one of the many voices they lis­ ten to. 
Fallows, who once dug out corporate corruption in the South and now is 
C arter’s head speech writer, says he is on the phone with Nader from time to time, sometimes seeking advice, some­ times taking his c ri­ ticism. “ A lot of people w ho bear his stamp are in the Carter adm inistra­ tion. But it isn’t that he’s been laying plans to place his people into federal government.” 
An associate director of the Office of Management and Budget, Wellford is charged with engineering the much-heralded feder­ al reorganization. With another form er Nader worker, Peter Petkas, as­ sisting, W ellford w ill recommend to Carter which federal agencies should be expanded, con­ solidated, abolished for the sake of efficiency. 
Jacobs w ill work for federal reorganization on the Senate side and Dodge is doing related work in the House. 
Jacobs has known 
Nader since 1951 when 

R alph N a d e r is p o p p in g up e v e r y ­ w h e re in g o v e rn m e n t — o r a t le a s t his influence is 

 they were freshmen at 
Princeton. He was direc­ tor of Nader's “ Center” from the beginning of the 
Nixon years “when we al­ ways viewed ourselves as w orking from the outside. 
But always inherent was a feeling that something could be doue from w ith­ in.” 
% 
Feeling “ burnt out” arid needing a change, 
Jacobs left the Nader or­ ganization in 1975. His first government job as staffer for the House In­ vestigations Committee was an easy transition since it was chaired by former New York Con­ gresswoman Bella Ab- zug, a vocal activist her­ self. 
Now he is a member of 

CLAYBROOK 

AP ILLUSTRATION 

 the Senate Governmental 
Affairs 
Com m ittee, where he will cooperate with Wellford in the reor­ ganization effort. 
While Jacobs was in 
N ader’s inner circle, 
Dodge had a more distant, and at tim es, strained relationship with Nader, heading an affiliated group called the Center for Auto Safety from 1969 to 1974. In 1975, he took his present job as special counsel for the House 
Subcommittee on Over­ sight Investigations. 
“ I ’m getting paid three times more to do what I was doing for Ralph,” he says. “ Ralph might con­ sider that a sellout.” 
Working with the Con­ gress is not what he ex­ pected. “ I'd always cri­ ticized it for being poli­ tical and too superficial. 
But some of my precon­ ceptions have been shat­ tered.’’ 
Ms. (.’laybrook, if con­ li rilled by the Senate as head of the government's highway safety panel, probably w ill have the most powerful adminis­ trative job of any former 
Nuder associate. She had worked in the Transpor­ tation Department in the 
196os and had done legis­ lative staff work on sever 

: ■ • ' rn 8 few 

 as head of Nader’s Con­ gress Watch group, she earned the reputation, which she agrees with, of being one of Washington’s best lobbyists. 
Already some in the au­ to industry have ques­ tioned her objectivity since she openly ad­ vocates such things as cars which are crash- worthy at 5o miles per hour. 
“ People can use any excuse they want to cri­ ticize,” she says. “ I ’d rather be judged on the m erits. I think I have gained a lot of respect on 
Capitol Hill.” 
The auto industry isn’t the only corner for her critics. Some of Nader’s people reportedly told her they’d give her three weeks to settle in — and then start their blitz. 
“ Ralph wouldn't be do­ ing his job if he didn't,” she says with a chuckle. 
Fallows, a soft-spoken 
Rhodes scholar, had been involved in a Nuder in­ vestigation of the 
Agriculture Department in 1969. A year later he examined corporate abuses in Savannah, Ga., and in 1972, he and Ms. 
Clay brook conducted the 
Congress Project that sought to evaluate each congressman’s perfor­ mance. 
He had gained a wide reputation as a Washing­ ton journalist by 1976 when the Carter people asked him to w rite speeches for the future president. Fallows later became C arter’s No. I speech writer. 
Years of fighting for change from the outside have left all of the former 
Nader people a bit skep­ tical about what they can do on the inside to change 
Washington. 
Fallows says that with his “ slight access to 
Carter” he hopes to con- tmue to work for the tilings he fought for so long. 
But. says Jacobs, “ Ifs somewhat naive to say that because Joan d a y ­ break and the others are iii, that the government w ill change very substantially very quick­ ly. Ifs more likely we ll get more of the same for quite a while.” 

Beautiful 
_ y sculptured 
_ ^ 
„ 
. 
I styles in 14k g o ld 
I 
M :d 
I sM' iii 
'YOUR'... 
CHOICE 
I 

X fmmm m 
*595. 
- pear-shape 

; 
Marquise stops 
; 
J >'V, wmr ’ 

Bk* '•■:/*...A 
I M i* ? 
• “ 

 w 
A special way y to say.. . 
I love you 
DIAMOND bridal sets! 

A. 2 diamond, 14k gold 
Reg. $199................ $149. 
B. 3 diamonds, 2 genuine rubies/14k g o ld 
$4oo. 
C. 52 diamond, 14k gold$695. 

Illustrations enlarged 

" C H A R G E . . .the convenient to buy' 

I/Ve Accept: Bank Am ericard* Diners d u b * Shoppers Charge 
•M aster Charge* Carte Blanche •Am erican Express 

8 GREAT STORES IN THE SAN A N TO N IO AREA 5o1 
East Houston, Downtown • Las Palmas Shopping Center 
• Plaza Terrell Shopping Center • 842 S VV. Military Drive 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCreless Shopping City 
• Central Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall • Shop Gordon's 
Coast to Coast. 

S J I 

I 
VA . A 
Mm 

A K 
:* A; { 

 l l rn,-.- 

•M "■ 

B k * • 

4 - 4 - o5-21 

 monday is beautiful on 

Music for Monday 

6:oo A M 

Quando Quando Quando 
Caravel^ 

What a Wonderful World 
U s & larry Elgart 

How Insensitive 
Che! Atkins 

 let H Br; 
Ray Cormift Singers 

 the Entertainer 
Percy Faith 

I ve Gotta Be Me 
Andre Kostelanet/ 

Green Grass 
Gabnet s Guitars 

Give My Regards to Broadway 
Frank Chacksfreld 

Say 
Has Anybody Seen My Sweet Gypsy Rose 
Ronnie Aldrich 

6:3o A M 

A taste of Honey flank Chacksfreld 

A lover s Concerto tommy Garrett 

Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song 
Anita Kerr Singers 

A Banda 
Manuel 

I Was kaiser BHI s Batman lenny Dee 

P S I love You 
ClebanoH 

Breaking Up Is Hard to Do 
Ronnie Aldrich 

! Wish You love 
A: Martino 

 thou Swell frank Chackstield 

7:o o A M 

Monette 
Paul Maunat 

Release Me 
Ray Conmff Singers 

Moon Rivet Cha*Cha 
Henry Mancmi 

As tears Go By 
Paul Robinson Orchestra 

Good Morning Starshine 
Ronme Aidnch 

Sing 
Festival Strings 

Spanish Eyes 
Bert Kaemptert 

Diamonds ate forever 
Norman Newell Orchestra 

 tie A Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak tree lenny Dee 

7:3o A M 

Someday Somewhere 
Paul Maunat 

My Melody of love 
Floyd Ctamer 

 the last Time I Saw Pans frank Chackstield 

Precious And Few 
Ray Conmff Singes 

With Pen In Hand 
Don tweedy 

Anything Goes 
.................. les fig e t 

Sweet Caroline 
. 
. 
Manna Strings 

My Eyes Adored You 
. . 
Andy Williams 

Kola 
............................................................. 
Ronnie Aldrich 

8:oo A M 

Jennifer lumper 
Dean Christopher 

 love In Every Room tony Motto!! 

Call Me 
New Classic Singes 

 this Is My Song 
Paul Maunat 

When You Say love lenny Dee 

 the Hustle 
George Greeley 

I ii never find Another You 
Joe Reisman Chorus 

You Only live twice 
John Barry 

 restadays 
Pele Duchm 

8:3o A M 

Here loge And Everywhere london Festival Orchestra 

Without You 
Ronme Aidnch 

Rainy Day People 
Ridgewood Strings 

 the Way of love 
Sounds ot Sunshine 

Sweet Gingerbread Man 
Michel legrand 

 t i * Hat White tie and tarts 
. 
Sound TO Orchestra 

Seasons I" the Sun 
Floyd Ctamet 

Mn M ary Me 
Franck Pourcel 

Close Your Eyes 
. 
- 
Guitars Unlimited 

9:oo A M 

 leaving On A Jet Plane 
Peiy Botkm It 

W I'N a lineman 
Al De lory 

I rn Glad there is You lo* Reisman Chorus 

Autumn UoehNe 
Daniel Michaels 

M an the Knife 
(keg Galbraith 

'j > | of India left Saundes 

 theme from 
The Summer of <2 tommy Garrett 

Quiet vniage 
Johnny Gibbs 

 feel like W o n lave lenny Dee 

9:3o A M 

Penny u n * 
........................... 

I Will Wan For You 

Midnight Cowboy 
........................................ 

All My loving 
........................................ 

Sundown 

 last (anga In Pans 

Baby I m-A Want You 

People 

Once Is Bot bough 

1o:oo A M 

 theme Prom Tchaikovsky's Sixth Symphony 

 t arp s thane 

It Was A Good lime (Rosy s Iheme) 

Mane The World Go Away 

I rn In The Mood For love 

Island In The Sun 

I love You. I Honestly love You 
. . 

You Ale My love 

I Wish You love 

1o:3o A M 

 love In the Open A i r ................................................................... 

Bever My love 
.............................................................. 

Matchmaker. Matchmaker 

I ll Have lo Say I love You In A Song 

Miss Mikimoto 
............................................................. 

I II Bevel fall In love Again 

Easy lo love 

Hurting tach Other 

. . . 
Paul Maunat 

Tony Mnttola 

Mantoaam 

Johnny Mann Singers 

George Greeley 

Amire Kostelanet? 

Peter Hero 

Marty Gold 

 lem y Dee 

Ray Gonmtt Sm gas 

Chef Atkins 

 liwm taylor Chorus 

Perry Botkin lr 

Ronnie Aldrich 

Tony Ross 

Andy Williams 

 lames last 

Maurice tarcange 

Coition Franks 

Johnny Mann Sm gas 

 living Strings 

Phil Bodnes 

Borne Paramor 

 lommy Garrett 

Arthur Fiedlef & Boston Pops 

Floyd Cramer 

11:o o A M 

Ires Tu (Touch The Wind) 

Secret love 

She touched Me 

Sikteen Going On Seventeen 

Breaking Up Is Had to Do 

 love s Been Good to Me 

 live F a lite 

 the Most Beautdul Girl 
. 

Time In A Bottle 

Parry Faith 

 lawrence Welk 

Johnny Mann Singers 

 living Strings 

 lenny Dee 

 london Pops Orchestra 

Farante & fetcher J Fnatds 

. 
Berm Candia 

Tony AAottola 

11:3 o A M 

Catch A Falling Star 

Hey hide 

Pieces ot D r e a m s ........................................ 

It Bot F a You 

 theme From 
A Summa Place 

Rhinestone Cowboy 

 les Bicydettes De Belsire 

 the Call Ot the t a Away Hills 

 love theme From lady Sings the Blues 

12:oo N O O N 

I Cant Stop loving You 

Cycles 

Taras Theme 

You Will Be My Music 

 let It Be 

Edelweiss 

 that Old Black Magic 

 theme From 
Romeo And Juliet 
{Movie) 

12:3o PM 

Chary Blossoms 

Wads 

Petite flair 

Making Believe 

Desafmado 

Dear Wald 

My Melody ot love 

 thae Goes My Everything 

 the Fool fri the Hill 

. . . . 
Mantovam 

Chet Atkins 

Andre Kostelanet; 

Anita K a r Singers 

Martin Botella 

 festival Strings 

Pete Fountain 

Franck Poorcel 

Roga Williams 

Amire kostelanet/ 

Henry Mancmi 

Ray Charles Singers 

Boston Pops 

Hollyridge Strings 

 lenny Dee 

 living Strings 

Al De la y 

Bane Paramor 

Bill Shepherd Sm gas 

 toe Reisman 

Piare Andre 

 tommy Garrett 

Paul Weston 

Roga Williams 

Engiebert Humpadmr.k 

Pacy Faith 

1 :oQ PM 

Summer Wind 
...................................................................... 
Musical treasures Orchestra 

I Only Have Eyes f a You 
. . 
Lenny De® 

 living together. Growing togefher 
Anile Kostelanet/ 

 t il Remember You 
. 
Sandpipers 

Aloha Cle liv ,n « Stfin* s 

 lite Entatam a (from ' The Sting ) 
..................................................................... 
Mantovam 

I love How You lore Me 
. 
. 
...................................................................... 
B®,f f 

As time Goes By 
Pot)Ht 

I d like To leach The Worid To Sing 
.................................................................. 
Cha Atkins 

1:3o PM 

N ae s That Rainy Day 
......................... 
Gold 

Sleepy Shores 
. 
Sounds Orhcestrai 

 love Is B ae to Stay 
Deotf Love 

Song Sung Blue 
. . . 
Chet Atkins 

Since I fell Foe You 
N tcf faith 

Days W Wine And Roses 
Norman luboft 

 tune On My Hands 
Daniel Michaels 

Annie s Song farante And leicha 

2:oo PM 

 geiease Mc 
Bill Walka Sm gas and Orchestra 

 funny Girl 
Living Voites 

 love Is Blue 
Artha Fiedler And the Boston Pops 

My Adobe Hacienda 
. 
,om mY Garrett 

 the last Waity 
I * Reefl 

Said In the Clowns 
. farante And Feicha 

Something 
Less Blown 

Baubles. Bangles And Beads 
Andie Kostelanet; 

2:3o P M 

Rosy s Theme (from Ryan s Baughta J 
Mantovam 

Theme from Mahogany 
.................. 
Lenny Dee 

Good Morning Starshine 
* w c k Pliu,cel 

Here, thae And Eve ryw h e re .................................. lettermen 

Mr Tambourine Man 
. . 
. 
David Rose 

Baby Elephant Walk 
Living Strings 

Welcome Home 
Love Singers 

 feelings f'anr.k Pouicel 

Decemba s Child 
Data Manmhas 

3:oo PM 

What s New Pussycat 
•,yini S,r,n 85 

Iheme from the Music lovers" 
Eatante & teicher 

 love Said Goodbye (Theme Ftom the Godfather Part ll J 
Amite Kostaiane!/ 

The Sweetheart tree 
Henry Mancmi 

 the Good lite 
B e w Bulkin lr & Orchestra 

 live For lite 
• • - london Festival (kchestia 

Wichita lineman 
......................................... 
• 
Bonnie Aldrich 

 that Sunday, that Summer 
................................_ lawrence Welk 

 theme Ftom love Story 
Lenny Dee 

3:3o P M 

£lJlf 
Werner Multi* 

.................................... 
Xavier Cugat 

My Special Angel 
. . . . . . 
Put® k|ng Chorale 

I Only Have Eyes for You 
. 
Berry faith 

Where Is the Summertime . 
^ antk Bourcel 

Ifs Easy to Remember 
Bill McGuftie 

19oo Yesterday 
L u Damon 

 theme From the Oak At the top Of the Stairs 
N rc y Faith 

4:oo PM 

 there s A Kind of Hush les Peed 

 today Is the first Day Of the Rest Of My life 
Sounds Of Sunshine 

Yesterdays 

On A Cleat Day 
M aim Denny 

Something Stupid 
*DI Citings 

Don t let the Sun Go Down On Me 
Ridgewood Strings 

Sbange Music 
Beter Here 

Goodbye 
Anita Kerr Singers 

How Are things In Glocca Mmra 
Andre Kostelanet; 

4:3o PM 

Catch the Wind 
Johnny Arthey 

Yesterday When I Was Young 
Die Midas touch 

 the Wa, It Used to Be f ,» l(-k 

 the Shadow Of Your Smile 
Mar,,n Boucher 

Antonio Carlos lobim 

Apili Fools 
Pe,w H ^o 

K illing Me Softly With His Song 
Singers Unlimited 

You Stepped Oui Of A Dream lot Lism an 

5:oo PM 
8:3o PM 

Sundown 
Percy Faith 
True love 
Geoff love 

Neve My love 
.................. 
..........................Peter Nero 
F e Al! We Know tony Mottola 

 that s All 
.......................... lettermen lf I fell 
Hollyndge Strings 

San Francisco (Flowesi 
Perry Botkin lr 
Theme From the Summer of A? lettermen 

 theme from 
Sweet Chanty 
Paul AAaiiriat 
More than You Know 
Dan Michaels 

 thousand And One Nights tenante & Teicher 
I Could Write A Bm * 
Marty Gold 

Cracklm Rosie 
Bert Kaemptert 
Never Can Say Goodbye 
Peter Nero 

Blue Velvet 
..................................................................................................... 
Hollyndge Strings 
Ruby 
Norman luboft 

5:3o PM 

Fell* Slatkm 

You And I And the Roses 

 tammy 

Caraveiii 

Bert Kaemptert 

On The Street Where You live 

Please Come to Boston 
Floyd Clamer 
9:oo PM 

I'll Remember You 

Hymn To The Sun 

It E v e I Would leave You 

Johnny Mann Singers 

Manuel 

Enoch light 

Breakfast At tiffany s 

I Honestly love You 

Johnny Douglas 

Ray Conmff Singers 

Gore Out Of My Head launndo Almeida 
Dearly Beloved 
Mantovam 

 les Bicydettes De Belsire fianr.k Pourcel 
I v t Grown Accustomed To Her Face living Strings 

Exodus 
Ronme Aldrich 
Killing Me Softly With His Sung 

On Green Dolphin Street 

Botticelli 

Norman luboft 
6:oo PM little Green Apples ferrante % Tete her 

 love tetters lawrence W e lk. tenderly 
Boston Pops 

 time In A Bottle 
Ridgewood Strings. 
Jerusalem tijuana Brass 

Too Young living Voices 
9:3o P M 

Quiet Village 

 two For The Road 

 leo Stevens 

 living Strings tori Young 
Percy faith 

Sunrise Sunset 

Feelings 

A lovely Way To Spend An Evening 

She ll Come Back To Me 

Chai ie Byrd 

Percy faith 

We ve Only Just Begun 
Doc Sevennson & Henry Mancmi 

I rn A Dreamer Aren t We All living Strings 

Andre Previn 

Franck Pourcel 

I love How You love Me 

 the look Of love 

Ires lu 

Inoch light 

Haey Robinson 

Ray Conmff Singers 

6:3o PM 
The Sweetheart tree 
Andre Kostelanet/ 

Percy Faith 
All Through the Night 
Bobby Har ken 

Brian s Song 
Softly As I leave You 
Mantovam 

You Make Me feel Brand New 
Ronme Aidnch 

Yesterday 
............................... 
■ 
Andre Kostelanet; 
1o:oo P M 

I love You And You love Me 
Billy Vaughn Singer there s A Smart Hotel toe Reisman 

Charade 
Mantovam 
You Make Me Feel Brand New 
Ronme Aidnch 

Here there And Everywhere 
Franck Poi*eel 
Easy to love 
Joe Reisman Chorus 

 lean lenny Dee lf You Could Read My Mind fram> Pourcel 

You And Me Against the World 
Ridgewood Strings love Is Ail 
Roland Shaw 

Till 
Eddie Heywood 
Til Be Home 
Barbara Streisand 

When Sunny Gels Blue 
Dennis Famon 
You Only live twice 
Mantovam 

7:oo PM 

Watchm Scotty Grow 
Ion , Mottos* 

 this is the Moment 
Doug Gauley 

Michelle 
M an, Gold 
1o:3o P M 
When I look In Your Eyes 
Henry Mancmi 

Ben Kaemptert 
Scarlet Ribbons 
Sound TO Chorus. 
It s the Talk Of the town 

Serenade In Blue 
. 
Noun Percival 
I Ihmk of You 
Andre Kostelanet/ 

No Not Much 
Keo Thorne love Means You Never Have lo Say You re Sony lettermen 

Make It With You 
Peter Hero 
Moonlight and Roses living Strings 

I II Catch The Sun 
............................... 
Wally Stott let It Be Me 
Perry Botkin, h 

What A Wonderful World 
. . . 
Mantovam 
Dulcmea 
Roger Williams 

Always And Always 
. 
. 
. tony Mottala 
Misty 
Paul Robinson Orchestra 

Sealed With A Kiss 
Che! Atkins 

7:3o PM lovely lady 
Nome Paramor 

All My loving 
George Martin 
1 1:o o PM 

Darling lilt 
Midas Tout It love letters 
Geoff love 

Something Stupid 
Percy faith 
Fill 
Mantovam 

Song Of Joy 
Floyd Cramer 
A Patch (lf Blue 
Ronme Aidrir.lt 

Something Better to Do 
George Greeley 
Moon River living Strings 

Japanese Farewell Song 
Bert Kaemptert 
He Ain I Heavy Me s My Brother 
George Greeley 

Send In the Clowns 
Percy faith 
How Small We Are How little We Know 
Johnny Mann Singers 

Watch What Happens tony MottOla the Best things In lite Are Free 
Robert Famon 

Venice Blue 
Franck Pourcel 
Send A little love My Way 
Henry Mancmi 

Dancing In the Dark 
Ronme Aldrich 
While I live 
Franck Pourcel 

8:oo PM 
11:3 o PM 

 the Fool On the Hill 
Andre Kostelanet/ the last Watt/ 
Helmut Zachanas 

How Can You Mend A Broken Heart 
Roger Williams 
I Can Dream. Can 1 1 
CarpeMers 

Both Sides Now 
Percy Faith Chorus 
Something 
Percy faith 

 the World We Knew 
Bert Kaemptert 
You Don t Know Me 
Al Camla 

Ooor Of the Sun 
Ridgewood Strings lemon tree 
Mantovam 

By the lime I Get to Phoenix 
Charlie Bvrd 
Diary ferrante And teicher 

Pieces of Dreams 
Andre Kostelanet/ 
I love You Because 
Alan tew Orchestra 

Embraceable You 
Ronme Aidnch the Onedm line 
John Gregory 

All The things You Ale j 
Marty Gold tangerine 
Tijuana Brass 

 cWOAI*FM 
STEREO 97 • SAN ANTONIO 

 is beautiful 

« < so Is Tuesday, and W ednesday, and 7 »u ,s d a y . 

 a " « frid a y, and SataJay, and Sun day on W O A I-F M Stereo 

P sy c h o lo g ist Bruce N ie b u h r a n d patie n ts 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 I 977 

Counseling crazy canines 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

CARBO N DALE, 
111. — There’s help for that thoroughly d isgusting pooch who tries to bite the mailman and gobble up all the furniture legs in sight. P sy ­ chological counseling. 

Psychologist 
Bruce 
N iebuhr and th re e 
Southern Illinois Univer­ sity g ra d u a te stu den ts have taken on the task of stra ig h te n in g out 

 wayward dogs. 

“ So m etim es people feel if a dog chew s on furniture, the only alter­ native is to accept it or get rid of the dog," says 
Niebuhr. "They're often not aware that something can be done.” 

Niebuhr says his team at its parttime Pet Beha­ vior E n te rp rise s uses 
“ learning-type principles derived to a great extent from the laboratory.” 

He c h a ra c te riz e s chewing on furniture as 

“ an unfortunate kind of thing . . . We come up with a com bination of treatm ents. Dogs chew. 
But if a dog has no toys, the ow ner should give him something to chew on that’s okay." 

Niebuhr says that the counseling involves the ow ners more than the dogs. He said his exper­ ience shows that “ people just aren’t aware of what th e y ’re doing with ani­ m als. 
In ad v erten tly , th e y ’re rew a rd in g the wrong behaviors.” 

People who have those too th b arin g , sn a rlin g , ankle-nipping dogs often pick them up and try to r e a s s u re them when strangers come near, he says. 

“ On the face of it. that might seem reasonable. 
But the owner may ac­ tually be rewarding the dog” with the soothing words, as far as the dog is concerned. 

The psychologist uses conditioning techniques 
•to correct bad behavior. 
“ We use reward training 

 soft words, petting, p la y in g .” 
He said punishment, if neces­ sary, often can involve only verbal scoldings. 
“ Dogs respond to scold­ ing.” 
The p a rt-tim e counseling service 
.charges $25 and offers three house calls to check the dog’s behavior and progress and to map out a conditioning program. 
. 
But the e n te rp rise doesn’t have a thriving business, Niebuhr said 
“ We have to admit that southern Illinois ju st 

 isn't a big market for it. thing does well in larger although this type of population areas.” 

GLOBE 

FASHION 
SLEEPWEAR 

/ 

YOUR CHOICE 
97 

\ 
Long and waltz gowns, mini dolls, baby dolls and tailored pajamas All in a wide variety of styles Elegant lace and em­ broidery trims In a rainbow of spring colors S-M-L-XL. 32-4o. 

SUNSHINE LOOKS FOR THE 
EASY DAYS AHEAD! 

 fashion t-shirts & tank tops 

Fashion cotton knit t-shirts or tank tops in brights plus white that will welcome the sum ­ mer days ahead. Junior sized S-M-L. 
497 
6 

o o prewashed denim shorts 

8 
8 

Perfect match for the tops above Select your favorite short in 1oo% cotton pre washed de nim. Many great fashion looks to choose from in both white and blue denim Junior sized 
5 15 

I 44 

 special purchase 

 terry cloth scuff 

Colorful Striped cotton terry cloth uppers and inner sole 
Tricot lining and cushioned innersole 
In 

 women s sizes to 1o 

 men's reg. 11.99 only 6.oo for youth’s A boys' reg. 8.99 & 7.99 suede sport shoes 

Stripe trimmed suede leather uppers with comfortable padded collars and tongues Men s with new pivot sole, youth s and boys' with molded sport soles 
Sizes 11 2.2 ’/?-6 and 6^-12 

 toddler girls’ tank tops 

Knit with screen print front 

Sizes 2T to 4T 

$2 

 toddler boys’ tank tops 

Choose from screen print or mesh tank tops Sizes 2T to 

4T 

 toddler girls’ shorts 

1oo% S tre tch nylon in so 

 lids Elastic waist in sizes 
2T to 4T 

 toddler boys’ shorts 

Athletic look shorts in poly cotton blend 
Boxers with elastic waist Sizes 2T to 4T 

OUTSTANDING VALUES FROM EVERY DEPT. 

TOYS! 
TELSTAR 

TELSTAR® 
TV game by Coleco 

Battery operated Telstar' connects easily to any TV set with a simple. one time attachment Play tennis hockey or handball with 3-toned audio bleeps that highlight the ac­ tion Carries F C C approval Batter­ ies not included 

•Rncc does not include television 

Huffy boys’ or girls’ motocross- styled bike 

LAWN AND GARDEN! 

1997 

 self-propelled lawnmower 

Chain and sprocket drive Positive drive or neutral positions. Safety guard covers all m oving parts. 3.5 

H.P B riggs and Stratton engine 

 y 

7 nylon line trimmer 

1/2 H P engine Washable litter lets air rn. 
Automatic line cutter 
Lightweight with 

 spring loaded line feed 

o99 

 reg. 4.97 

Ortho liquid lawn edger 

Liquid fence and grass edger Kills weeds and grasses alf season long. Convenient applicator top 

W reg 4 .9 7 
5/8-in. X 5o-ft. 

 vinyl garden hose 

Brass couplings Easy to handle Top quality 

3ANXAM(RICARo 

C "7 C 6tobe shampoo/ 
U / creme rinse leg. 97* 
Lemon/herbal. 32 oz 

7o4oo9- 

Dristan 
99 tablets reg. 1.22 
24 s. Limit 2 
1 
1 9 Clairol Final Net hair spray 

 reg. 1.74 Reg./unscented 8-oz 
Limit 2. 
•jflbt. 6<btrestores, inc. Prices effective thru April 26,1977 We reserve the ngm ic g a m in e s 
I 

 t 7 freezer containers pt.-Spkg Dishwasher & micro- qt 3pkj wave safe 
Freeze. 

1 R 7 
6o,1 & se ^ e a*1 ■" the re9- *•“ ' same container 

797 t reg. 1o.97 

 student’s denim jeans 

14 oz , 5o15o cotton polyester 
No wrinkle denim blue leans with authentic western styling 
Flare legs Sizes 26 3o. waist 
47 

 girls’ sleepwear 

Assorted baby dolls and gowns. In girls’ sizes 4 14. 

A A C Hi-Dri 
*T paper towels 
o 8 8 ladies’ canvas 

Jumbo roils handbags 

Navy, tan and camel 
1 o 88G E AMyFM 
I O portable radio reg 24.92 
Batteries not includ ed 7-281o 

JJS 

o o 8 8 G.E. portable 
J im 
8-track 'Blaster* reg. 4o.86 
5 m speaker 3-55o5 
Baitenes not included 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 
* 

ASSURANCE THAT 
~ 

•Our prescriptions are lowpriced1 lf you find a lower price, bring in your prescription bottle and receipt, we will refund the difference1 
•During the ad period, we match all competition s one time specials1 J 

April 24 1977 

TH*, SUNDAY 

Xfr/KKIBblilW Sot/iMPJU£. 
M b 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O. Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
William J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 
Energy policy needs debate 

A national energy policy is in the court of public opinion. 
President Carter took his po­ sition of responsible leadership by outlining plans he and his advisers have decided offer.the best chance for the United* 
States to avert what Mr. Carter has said would be a catastrophe. 
The President is making a full­ blown attempt to get the public involved in the decision process, and he has pulled no punches in spelling out the costs. 
But the costs are to buy time for greater exploration and pro­ duction of oil and gas, for re-, search on coal, for catch-up time on mass transit and for finding data the public can accept as fact. 
The latter item is one of the m ost troublesome. There are still many among us who don’t* believe the crisis condition that has been outlined. 
It will take the rest of the present congressional session this year and probably more before the Congress can pass its version of a national response. 
The automatic opponents need to get their arguments out of the way and see whether they can find support. Details of a com­ plex and, in some respects, re­ volutionary plan need close and serious examination. Decisions will need hard fact to make them stick. 

The first noises we will hear will be the special interest re­ sponse. The melding of those interests with the public interest can make good policy, once the legitimacy of all interests is es­ tablished. 
Political risks will be s e r­ ious, if history is to repeat. 
Post-World War II demand for electric power baffled many utilities officials. Electrical 
“ brown-outs” were frequent in some areas of the U.S. and much of the cause was the rapid pace and size of air-conditioning installations. In the early 197os it was estimated air condition­ ing accounted for 34 per cent of peak pow er loads on utility lines. 
The 1973 Arab oil embargo led to a White House energy czar 
— Gov. John A. Love of Colora­ do. He was frustrated because 
President Nixon left him isolat­ ed and floundering once Love proposed tough policy guide­ lines. 
President Ford grappled on­ ly briefly with energy policy, found it politically risky and abandoned it. Mr. Carter has laid out what his administration proposes as a plan to avert dis­ aster. It is up to the people to consider it, and to the Congress to understand it and write policy • into law. 

Texas public officials have been disturbed for years over how they could — assum ing a majority wanted to — make the property tax do a job fairly. 

The House last week moved an important step ahead on that issue by passing Rep. Wayne 
Peveto’s tax reform bill. 

The bill would create coun- tywide tax appraisal districts. 
It would also set up administra­ tive review to avoid the present need to go to district court to appeal Board of Equalization appraisal values. The bill would also provide for standard meth­ ods for appraisals, certify ap­ praisers and monitor the work to attempt to assure fairness in appraisals. 

Fair taxation starts with fair appraisals. 

Bexar County taxpayers are well acquainted with the single appraisal service. It is being done through voluntary a r­ rangem ent among cooperating agencies by the City-County Ap­ praisal Board. The House- passed bill would give the coun­ ty office a more-solid future. 
Sen. Grant Jones has intro­ duced a proposed amendment to 

 the constitution that calls for uniform appraisal standards statewide, administrative ap­ peal for taxpayer complaints, gives the Legislature authority to exempt intangible property 
(which isn’t taxed anyway, ex­ cept for bank stock) and re ­ quires the single appraisal of­ fice for each county. 

Sen. Jones’ proposal goes further than Rep. Peveto’s but they shouldn’t be considered in com petition. The Peveto bill should be passed in order to get the basic tax problem — ap­ praisals for a fair-standard tax base — resolved. 

Bexar County is making good headway. So far, the worst aspect of the local appraisal of­ fice is inexperience in the dir­ e cto r’s office. Instances in which he is clearly trying to shortcut the law on handling taxpayer appeals have surfaced and they are potentially troublesome for his board and probably even more serious for him. 
The good-old-boy code for in­ formal negotiations over ap­ praisals should be a thing of the past. Unfortunately, that doesn’t seem to be the case. 

 rf W'A 
HEY EVERYBODY! 
LOOK WHAT I 
FOUND AT THE 
THRIFT SHOP! 

Teachers take heart pay raise is possible 

Tax appraisal reform step for fairness 

AUSTIN —■ There’s every in­ dication Gov. Dolph Briscoe has softened his opposition to a state financed teacher pay raise in this legislative session. 
The indication came from none other than Briscoe him self, disclosed at a, press conference here early last week. 
Behind Briscoe’s apparent change of h eart are the tw ists and tu rn s the public school finance bill has taken in its travels through the legislature. 
Early in the session, Briscoe intro­ duced his own version of the public school finance bill for 1978-79, put an emergency tag on it, and sent it to the 
House. 
In it, Briscoe called for the state to increase its share of the m inim um foundation school program from 75 per cent to 9o per cent. 
By low ering the local school dis­ trict’s share in the minimum founda­ tion program at IO per cent, Briscoe reasoned there would be sufficient ex­ tra local money to accomplish more on the home front. 
The use of these funds should be left to the option of the local school boards, the governor said at the time. 
They could be used to finance a local 
.level teacher pay raise, to reduce local property taxes, to increase local school district enrichm ent program s or all three. 
But, Briscoe made clear, he would not support a state funded teacher pay raise in this session and he promised to veto one if the legislature sent it to him. 
However, in the weeks that followed, several other versions of the public school finance bill were also sent to the H ouse P u b lic E du cation Com ­ mittee. 
When it fin ally em erg ed on the 
•House floor as HB75o, the package represented a compromise between m any of th ese b ills — in clu d in g 
Briscoe’s — and contained some m ajor changes. 
For one thing, HB75o cut Briscoe’s 

Dick 
Merkel 

 c 

In Austin 

 recom m ended state share of funding from 9o per cent to 85 per cent. 
For another, it d isc a rd e d 
Briscoe’s local option approach on how the extra money would be spent. In­ stead, HB75o required a cut in local school district ad valorem taxes and placed a one-year freeze on any tax increases by the districts. 
Also, HB75o’s price tag was $o92 million as opposed to the Briscoe bill’s 
$85o million proposal. 
Briscoe told the press conference 
HB75o now falls short of providing sufficient funds for local use as he en­ visioned in his bill. 
Also, the tax relief and one-year freeze on any local tax hikes kills chances of there being enough money left for a local-level teacher pay hike. 
So. after reviewing the facts, Briscoe now says he will not veto a teacher pay bill if it is passed to him by the legis­ lature. 
However, the governor puts a big qualifying “ if” in that statem ent. 
If legislators want to get a teacher pay raise past the governor’s desk, the cost will have to be held within the difference between his public school finance bill and HB75o. 
More exactly, the governor is talking about a bill somewhere in the neighborhood of $15o million. 
The House Public Education Com­ mittee has a teacher pay bill drawn up and waiting in the wings. 
It calls for a $26o million state-fund­ ed hike for teachers, with the bulk of the raises going to the upper seniority level and only token raises for begin- 

S.A. politics: Byzantine, hellish, mean 

San Antonio is best described as “ European” when it comes to politics, says Peck Young, who chuckles and adds: 
“ They say that if a political consul­ tant dies and goes to Hell, he wakes up in San Antonio.” 
Young is a m em ber of the firm of 
Austin consultants which helped shape 
M ayor L ila C ockrell’s final victory surge this year. 
Along with partners Neil Riem er and 
Roger Duncan he held a happy post­ m ortem here last week. 
The three have done a dozen Texas cam paigns in a little more than a year. 
And they find San Antonio something special — its political alliances and trades alm ost Byzantine, its em phasis on p erso n alities ra th e r than issues som ew hat unsettling, and its nam e­ calling ferocious. 
But they clearly enjoyed a whirl with what som e statew ide c a m p a ig n e rs refer to as “jalapeno politics.” 
Actually the scenario for the mayor's victory was not all that com­ plicated. 

— 

Kemper 
Diehl 

Politics c 

' m i l ? rn* 
\ mm 

Polls taken well in advance showed that the voters had very warm and sy m p a th e tic feelings about L ila. 
M atched a g a in st John M onfrey in questions relating to knowledge of go­ vernment and city problems, she was well ahead. 
But the mayor had a weak point. She was perceived as less than forceful. 
She came up short on polling questions dealing with leadership. Whether fair­ ly or not, polls showed most voters saw 
Monfrey as “ strong” compared with the mayor. 
As the M onfrey advertising blitz sta rte d to p eak , L ila’s own polls 

 showed him gaining. Her cam paign may have bottomed-out the night only a sinai Land tepid force of supporters turned up for her dinner at Villita As­ sembly Hall. 
At about this tim e the Austin group came in to do an organizational analy­ sis and prepare recommendations for 
Mrs. Cockrell. They went on to direct 
L ila’s m assive com puterized phone bank can v assin g pro g ram and her c a re fu llv -c ra fte d neighborhood walking tours. 

Both programs were models for fu tu re c a m p a ig n e rs h ere, but the m ayor’s breakthrough was actually on the psychological front. 
This cam e when the m ayor’s strate­ gists realized that she must meet 
M onfrey’s gro w in g m acho im ag e head-on and stand up to him. 
The vehicle was to be her challenge to a debate on the steps of City Hall. 
“ Cute,” said the mayor, “ This is going to be fun.” 
The Monfrey brain trust answered the challenge in textbook fashion: You don’t debate when you’re ahead. Mon­ 

 frey declined, asserting the mayor was falling behind and desperate. 
That might have worked elsewhere, but not in San A ntonio w ith its 
Hispanic tradition. 
Young figures the mayor could have won the “ High Noon” shoot-out any­ way, if Monfrey had appeared to answer her dare. As it was, she put on a prize-winning perform ance for the assembled TV cameras. 

“ You could feel the momentum c h a n g e ,” m uses Young. “ M onfrey came out looking afraid.” 
After that, of course, the Lila cam ­ paign skillfully maintained its psy­ chological edge and increased it. And a phone bank effort worked beautifully at maximizing her vote. 
“ ( am paigns,” says Young, “ aren't happenings. They can be directed.” 
There were other lessons in the re­ sults of the first 1o-1 elections. 
“ The b u sin ess e sta b lish m e n t,’’ 
Young observes, “ had better find out that COPS is not unacceptable. They threw COPS at Phil Pyndus and Glen 
Hartm an, but they won easily.’.’ 

Another surprise to some candidates was the discovery that the idea of city planning, far from being unpopular, is favored. Polls for Hartman showed 8o per cent of voters were for planning. 

The election results also should suggest to next year’s legislative can­ didates that they need not trem ble be­ fore every narrow interest group. The hot cam paigning by leaders of muni­ cipal unions (Yes, even including The 
Fox Munoz) proved counter-produc­ tive. 

“ The teachers are one of the few for-real groups,” says Young, pointing to the work they did for State Rep. 
Frank Tejeda last year. 

“ They got out and manned the phone banks and did a terrific job,” he ex­ plained, adding that State Reps. Abe 
Ribak and Don C artw right also re ­ ceived effective help from the educa­ tors. 

Teacher-power real? That could be bad news for Gov. Dolph Briscoe, who has made himself their No. I target. 

Air safety 

IS H t assured 

WASHINGTON - Airplane passengers may not be as safe in the skies at the aviation industry has led them to believe. 
Even after the spectacular aviation d isasters in G e o r - _____________ 

WASHINGTON 

 mng teachers. 
Since B riscoe refused to put an emergency legislation label on the bill, ii must wait until the House passes its version of the 1978-79 General Appro­ priations Bill (HB51o). 
This means the pay raise issue will have a week or better before it gets to the House floor. 
In that time, HB51o’s authors could do some trim ming. 
H ow ever, this is highly unlikely since the bill has already been printed and distributed to House members. 
Amendments from the floor during debate may result in some paring down in the $26o million requested. 
Or members, highly sensitive to the ever-watchful and powerful lobby of the Texas State T eachers Assn., may place their hope in cuts to the appropriations bill to come up with money for teacher pay. 
The H ouse A p p ro p riatio n s Com ­ m ittee has already warned that pas­ sage of the additional highway funds 
($56o million) and the school finance bill ($692 million) have all but depleted the available general revenue surplus, estimated at $1.3 billion. 
Addition of a $26o million teacher pay raise would result in a deficit of approxim ately $1oo million and that leaves nothing for the utility tax relief bill now hung up in the Senate. 
So there’s going to have to be a great deal of give and take in both houses if a teacher pay raise bill is to finally emerge. 
And, in its final form, it will have to fall nrettv well in line with the finan­ cial criteria set for it by a Briscoe to escape his veto stamp. 
However, as the 65th L egislature en ters its final five weeks, th e re ’s reason for guarded hope among pro­ ponents of a teacher pay raise in this session. 
It may fall short of expectations but, liter all, 1(1o days ago when the session opened the idea of a teacher pay raise was given only two chances al best — slim and none. 

 gia and the Canary 
Isla n d s, a irlin e h o stesses c o n tin ­ ued to assure pas­ sengers upon land­ ing that they had com pleted the sa­ fest p a rt of th eir jo u rn ey . The F e ­ deral Aviation Ad­ m in istra tio n , for its part, hailed its 
94 per cent safety record. 
“ All we can say,” one expert told us bitterly , “ is that people have been lucky.” For the technicians who con­ trol the air traffic over America ack­ nowledge privately that flying condi­ tions are often dangerous, sometimes chaotic. There are daily close calls, they say, involving hundreds of lives. 
Much of the equipment, which keeps track of the whirling vortex of planes over busy airports, is below standard. 
The te stin g and c e rtify in g of the equipment, they added, is often hap­ hazard. 
In cred ib ly , 9o per cent of the com m ercial airliners in this country also carry pressurized oxygen bottles that are potential firebombs. 
Ever since 576 people were killed last month in a collision of two giant airliners in the Canary Islands, our re p o rte r Jo n a th a n Hr im has been investigating the risks of air travel. He has gone behind the backs of the offi­ cial spokesmen to talk to the .techni­ cians and controllers w ho direct the air traffic and operate the safety equip­ ment. 
These are the people who have the terrible responsibility of keeping the beehive of planes over America from colliding. They are overworked and understaffed. They are under such severe strain that one controller told us he had spilled boiling coffee on his hand, without noticing it, during the tension of m aneuvering planes out of danger. 
The F ederal Aviation A dm inistra­ tion is supposed to protect the trusting citizens who travel by air. Yet the agency depends upon su b stan d ard equipm ent. If all the deficient equip­ m ent were taken out of service, air traffic would virtually be forced to shut down across the country. 
T his is the ju d g m en t of sev eral technicians who service the air traffic control systems. It is disputed by offi­ cial spokesm en who told us th at equipm ent standards are rigidly en­ forced and that airplane passengers are in no danger. 
The technicians complained, for ex­ am ple, about com puter com ponents th a t so m etim es cause “ o u ta g e s .” 
When this occurs, the controller is left without the sophisticated radar system he norm ally uses to guide planes in and out of airports. He is forced to rely on backup radar, which doesn't tell him the a ltitu d e s of the c irc lin g planes. 
According: to the Federal Aviation 
Administration’s own records, the ou­ tag es occur at a frig h ten in g rate. 
There were 121 outages, for example, during a single week last month. These knocked out the regular traffic control sy stem s for a national total of 224 minutes. 
In the Cleveland area, two planes cam e harrow ingly close to a m idair collision. The agency h asn ’t d e te r­ mined the official cause of the near- m iss, but Cleveland’s air traffic sys­ tem was out at the time of the incident. 
Alarmed technicians in Cleve­ land began de-certifying every piece of su b sta n d a rd eq u ip m en t at th e ir center. Supervisors scurried around after them, re-certifying as many as 2o pieces of equipment in one day. 
This is typical, our sources say, of the national practice. Supervisors want to keep their equipment operating, or they m ay get a bad nam e with Wa­ shington. T herefore, they allegedly certify equipment that shouldn't really be used. 
Again, an official spokesm an d is­ puted the allegation. He said that the air traffic system is designed to ac­ commodate outages and, more speci­ fically, that the Cleveland supervisors are “ very qualified” to certify equip­ m ent. But he conceded th a t the num ber of management certifications in C leveland in d icates a problem there. 
Our sources contend that not only the components but the instrum ents used to test the components often malfunc­ tion. Much of the test equipment, they say, is either obsolete or out of adjust­ ment. But the spokesman insisted that test instrum ents in need of adjusting are sent to repair facilities as soon as necessary. 

The Federal Aviation Adminis­ tration is developing a new backup radar system to replace the obsolete radar that fails to show altitudes. But technicians claim the new backup ra­ dar will share a key component with the prim ary system. A failure of this component, therefore, would put both the prim ary and backup radar out of commission. 
There is also growing concern about the pressurized oxygen bottles that are sto red aboard m ost co m m ercial airliners. The oxygen is supposed to be adm inistered to passengers or crew m em b ers who m ay need help to breathe. The valves of the oxygen bot­ tles, however, contain nylon seals. If these should become frayed or shred­ ded, they could ig n ite the oxygen stream that shoots out of the bottle. 

'N 
"I l e t t e r s 

Franklin: Knock knock 
Sir: The Sunday Express-News (April 3) had what seemed like a supplement of samples of a barrage of rebuttals to my ‘Baptist blitz’ letter in which a certain B M S. had some good advice to offer. B S. wrote, “ If you haven't tried it. don’t knock it, Christianity, that is!” 
I first became a team player on the God squad when I was in the fourth gTjide in a parochial school in a small town in Ohio. It was then that I memorized and learned the Latin responses to the priestly chants. 
I served all kinds of Masses: High Masses, Low Masses. Wedding Masses, 
Funeral Masses, and special Masses for different times of the year such as 
Christmas and Easter. You might say that I have served masses of Masses from the fourth grade through high school graduation.. 
... Instead of the “ I found it!” bumper stickers that we now see I would like to offer an alternate slogan: “ Have tried, will knock!” Christianity, that is! 
Robert Franklin 

Socking Syers 

San Antonie EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page • 7-H 

Sir: Re Ed Syers’ Sunday column 
I suggest an intellectual cathartic tor an advanced case of constipation of the brain. Surely there are more important and less hashed-over subjects in this perilous time than hippies? 
I would be glad to accept a post as columnist for your paper. I could go through the E N. files from 1965 and scrounge up all the hippie stories and be set for the next 2oo Sundays. 

David J. Lytle 
SYERS 
Understand our problem 

Sir. I was watching Channel 5’s 6 p m. news (April 16). A gentleman from Brandeis University has taken it upon himself to criticize Texas’ resources for the mentally retard­ ed. 
First let me state that I am the parent of a severely retarded child. 
At 16 she has none of the skills that will allow her to function in any environment other than a residen­ tial care facility, where her needs are met 24 hours a day. She is there because my husband and I will not always be young enough to care for her physical needs, nor are we immortal, 
As we make arrangements for our goods in our wills, we also make arrangem ents for our daughter’s care when we are dead. The transi­ tion from a home to a state school is much easier when close family ties can be maintained. It is unfair to have this happen at a time of emo­ tional upheaval caused by sickness or the death of a parent. 
Our state-run residential care facilities are, to the best of my knowledge, the best in the United 
States. California decided to close all of its state-owned facilities a few years ago and has since found this to be a mistake. New York decided to close many of its mental health and mental retardation facilities also. The communities and the pri- i\ ate sector took on the job. 

Richard N ixon’s persecutors 

Sir: Reading the synopsis of Dr. 
David Abrahamsen’s book (Apr. 17) analyzing Nixon, my first thought was of Theodore White’s statement that Richard Nixon had the most brilliant mind he had ever encoun­ tered. 
"Why shouldn’t a man react des­ perately to the sudden collapse of his goal for world peace? The ana­ lysis should be on those who found it expedient to crush him, though by so doing resulted the downfall of 
South Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos and Thailand. 
“ "Numerous articles have stated that JFK, LBJ and Bobby K. did far more bugging. So why vvas Water­ gate blown to preposterous propor­ tions while Chappaquiddick has had a-peaceful demise? 
I suggest that analysis be on 
Congress, which picks and chooses what to punish and what to over­ cook. To watch “ The Final Days” become a best seller, whose lies were more than gallant Pat could take, and now this questionable analysis to add further burden upon the family, cause one to wonder at the viciousness that can heap so much upon a selected few. 
That Nixon is rebounding from these tragic years says much for his mental capacity, He has endured injustice in not regaining ownership of his tapes, a privilege accorded all other Presidents. He did not destroy them since he planned to use them in his memoirs. Each of us has crushing experiences, but analysis should be directed at those who revel in continuing his persecution without let-up. Goaded by the al­ mighty dollar. 

Beulah P. Sherritt 

The U.S. News and World Report in 1975 showed the dreadful life that became the lot of these people who could not care for them selves. 
Please consider the adult body with an 18-month old mind. These are the people who need the least res­ trictive setting of a state school. 
We often have professionals and pseudo-professionals from other states come to Texas and try to start some unworkable programs. After a few years they move on and we are left with their mistakes. We are concerned with the life-time needs of our mentally retarded, not the temporary programs. 
We need many types of facilities to fill the varied needs of the men­ tally retarded. I, however, become furious when someone comes to 
Texas and so blatantly criticizes one very necessary way to meet these needs. I am sure the A R C, could have found someone who could ea­ sily speak as convincingly for the state school. Until they do, I feel I must be at least one who does. I only wish that the knowledge of parents who have retarded children in the state schools could be passed on to as many people as saw the news on Channel 5. 
I and many others are working very hard to have the San Antonio 
State School for the Mentally Re­ tarded funded in this legislative session, It can become a base for half-way houses and outreach pro­ grams. We want our children home in our city because we love them. 
We love them enough to give them the best care even if it means we can’t be with them and keep them in our homes. 
We are making a great sacrifice in giving our children a life among their peers. We also make a great financial sacrifice. The P.T.A. has out a new' bumper sticker that says, 
‘ Have you hugged your kid today?” 
My heart cries out to hug my daughter but I can’t. She is happier there because she has her friends. 
At home she is isolated — she has no playmates. 
I realize I will be open to criti­ cism from a good many people; but until they have lived with my prob­ lem, or one very similar, I will not be disturbed by it. 
Thank you for being available to a mother who is working hard to make a better life for the mentally retarded. No wise person can say that we do not need any particular service at all. This rash view can be put forth only by a self-serving person with a very narrow field of vision. 
Mrs. Barbara Yost 

A big thanks 

Sir: The San Antonio Area League of Women Voters would like to thank the business community in its support of our recent finance drive. 
Because of the generosity of many business people and individuals, the league will again be able to offer voter service, voters’ guides, infor­ mation on international relations, criminal justice, financing state government, and energy conserva­ tion, to name a few7. 

Peggy Birkeland 
Ester Curnutt 

Beach lovers to the rescue 

Sir: Two things are of immediate importance to San Antonians who own homes in Port Aransas or who visit there. 
First, on April 27 the Corps of Engineers will hold a workshop in Port 
Aransas to discuss the permit application for the proposed superport on 
Harbor Island in Port Aransas. The workshop is primarily for local “ interest 
'roups” — such as the local Chamber of Commerce, Citizens for Estuarine 
Planning, the Marine Lab — but anyone may attend. 
It seems to me that a great many San Antonians have an interest in what happens here, and some of you might want to attend this important meeting. 
Second, Sen. Jack Ogg of Houston has gotten his bill to ban vehicular traffic on gulf beaches out of committee and it now goes to the Senate. The bill would turn over traffic control to the state, and would automatically stop beach vehicular traffic in 1979. To have beach traffic, an exemption would have to be granted by the state after a hearing. 
. Sen. Ogg is serious about this bill and has the backing of many northern senators who know and care nothing about the Gulf beaches. Senator Ogg supposedly is trying to correct a “ local” problem up in Galveston by legislating away our property, but many others believe he is really working for the big condominium developers who would like private beaches. In any rase, he plans to take away the beaches. 
Write Lt. Gov. Bill Hobby and Sen. A R. Schwartz, State Senate, Austin, 
8711. 

Don Rhudy 

This n e w s p a p e r w e lcom e s letters (rom its roaders. They tsHould be short — not o ve r 3 o o w o rd s — and they m u st be signed. R e a d e rs' initials w ill be used if req u ested but unsigned letters w ill not be published, fd ito rs rese rv e the righ t to edit a n y letter for length, g o o d taste or le ga l re aso n s b ut e v e ry effo rt w ill b o m o d e to co n v e y the w rite r's opinions, le tte r w riters m ust Include their p ro p et a d d re ss and te le p h on e n um be r — w hich w ill not be published — so the correct identity o f the w riter eon be e stab lish e d. Se n d le tte rs to P.O . B o x 2 1 7 1 , San Antonio, T e xas 7 8 2 9 7 . 

H avan a new spapers carry cartoons such as these which depict the United States as an evil Uncle Sam intent on harm 
Cuba may be Communist but ifs not dark and gr im 

John Freiwalds Is a free-lance writer who has been published from time to time in the Express-News. He recently returned from a month's visit to Cuba. 
By JOHN FREIWALDS 
“ We now only p ractice m a rc h in g every o th e r Tues* day,’’ jokes a Cuban official in re fe re n c e to the im pression many people overseas have got­ ten on life in Cuba. 
To be sure, Cuba has several fea­ tures an American m ight find dis­ pleasing: An identity card, one party, no free press and few consumer goods, but in traveling the island, as I recently did. Cuba by no m eans matches the austere regimes of China and the Soviet Union. 
Women bleach their hair, men drink beer and everyone waits in line to see the colorful cabaret at the Tropicana. 
Cubans like to say their revolution has “ pachanga” — a vibrant Cuban dance. 
People are well-dressed and fed and queue up to get into cabarets and res­ taurants where much of the new-found wealth of the consumer is being spent. 
The scene at the Havana Pio-Pio, a popular fast service fried chicken stand on Malecon Drive, which skirts the ocean, is reminiscent of the 195os, and scores of cars line up at the drive in. 

Some Cubans say the “ bounce” they have is due to remembering the style of life that existed before the re­ volution. Although the co rru p t ex­ cesses of that era have been eliminat­ ed, people rem em ber the past and have incorporated it into the present. 
A well attended reminder of Cuba’s past is the Bodeguita, a hole-in-the- wall bar where Ernest Hemingw ay and 
Errol Flynn, among others, hung out and wrote their names on the well­ marked walls. 
Conforming to new realities, the new inscriptions on the upper levels of the ' walls now read “ Long live Cuban- 
Hungarian solidarity.” 
Work and study, however, are the prime movers of the country's econo­ mic development, which has brought 
Cuba the highest standard of living in 
Latin America. 
Billboards point this out wherever you go; their message is that you will get your rewards through work and education. American billboards’ mes­ sage is “ buy” and that will make our economy grow. 
Little, if any, daytime television is apparent, as many mothers work. Kids are left off at state-financed day care centers. After work, many people par­ ticipate in some sort of classes at their place of work. 

The epitom e of this work and study ethic is a slight yet graceful guitar player and singer at the Hotel 
Riviera, the poshest in Havana. She plays from 6:3o p.m. to 9 3o p.m. but during the day folds towels in the hotel laundry and attends nutrition classes. . 
On the weekend she trains with the women’s militia. And when at home, she is active in the Committee for the 

The best and brightest o f Cuban so­ ciety get the better rewards, more like 
V.S. than Russian systems 

Defense of the Revolution (CDR), the eyes and ears of the revolution, which has a representative in every block. 
You see signs of this spirit of sacri­ fice wherever you go. Cubans are avid baseball fans and go out to watch their teams with the work-inspired names like the F a rm e rs, M echanics, and 
Miners play. And if you do catch a foul hall, you throw it back. 
This custom dates back to when the 
United States first imposed its trade em bargo and with it the export of baseballs. 
To preserve the ones they had, the fans were asked to throw them back. 
Now baseballs are made in Cuba, but the custom persists. 

And whenever a new sacrifice is asked, people seem willing to accept it. 
The high coffee prices led the govern­ ment to ration expensive coffee im ­ ports as the money was need more ur­ gently in other parts of the economy. 

One Cuban informed me. “ It s not good for us anyway.” 
As a reaction to some of the shor­ tages, a small black market operates in items of clothing, electronic items and hard to get auto parts. A pair of used gym shoes I had brought an offer of $4o. which I politely refused. 

The government takes a very severe stance towards this activity. Tempta­ tion is forestalled at the big tourist hotels by drawing the curtains in the foreign currency shops, where only tourists using foreign exchange can shop for clothes, tape recorders, tele­ visions and other goodies not available to the general population. 
However, the basic items of life are cheap. Food prices have not changed since 1965, rent is 6 to IO per cent of your salary, and education and medi­ cine are free. 
There are no taxes on salaries that 

 may range from 15o pesos a month for a worker to 8oo pesos for a technician 
(I peso equals $1.2o U.S.). 
Only the technicians are allowed a little more leeway in purchasing more consumer goods. They can buy a new car through their state organization, whereas the workers cannot. 

Many workers have c a rs but these are the vintage pre-revolution 
American autos that somehow keep running. Detroit should be proud. 

Fidel Castro has often used those words in addressing groups of students and repeating his pledge to continue to emphasize education, illiteracy is now 

Cuba '$ population o f old cars still running w ould m ake 
D etroit proud 

 less than 2 per cent and more than 3 million persons out of a population of 9 million are studying. 

Some of the educational programs are ingenious. I visited a huge citrus development program in the center of the country which was organized as a 
.work study program. Junior and high school age students studied the three 
R ’s like everyw here else, but then helped tend the c itru s groves by planting new trees, trimming, and helping with the harvest. 

This particular program had as its goal to develop 2oo.ooo acres of groves 

 spotted with 15o schools. Many urban 
Cubans were at first reluctant to send their children to these work-study programs, but have now become believers. 

By 198o, Castro hopes I million stu­ dents will be involved in work-study programs. 

The pride of the secondary school system in Cuba is the Lenin Vocational 
School located on the outskirts of Ha­ vana. Here 5,ooo of the top students in the country are brought to be taught by 
6oo teachers in a variety of subjects, including music to science. 

Quite a bit of emphasis is being placed on the latter area. By 198o Cuba hopes to have as many engineers in school as East Germany. Health edu­ cation among the Cubans is also quite extensive. 

One health measure they have un­ dertaken which could well be copied in the United States is to have cooks wear gauze face m asks to elim inate any contamination of food by an employe. 

“ Our goal is not to elim inate the individual, but individualism ,” one 
Cuban told me. The emphasis is on improving the entire society and in so doing you in turn will profit and be rewarded. 

The Cubans adm it th at the first years of the revolution were indeed difficult but the rewards of that sacri­ fice are now coming in. Communism is a distant goal, and even today Cubans admit that the “ best and the bright est” get the better rewards of society just like in the United States. 

A lthough th e ir approach behind their development is radical by oui standards, the feeling behind it wa? expressed by former President John F 
Kennedy: “ D on’t ask what your country can do for you, ask what yoi can do for your country.” 

Maybe this phrase is why he is stil well regarded in Cuba in spite of th- missile crisis and the Bay of Pigs. 
Explain chess to him 

In the light of our space probes, it may surprise you that I have a CB buddy on Mars. For some time now— by thought transfer of course — Mike and I have compared notes on our respective civilizations. 
Although we communicate in the simplest basic terms (rock fur ball, stick for bat, etc.), Mike has difficulty in understanding our view on recrea­ tion. 

He confuses football with warfare, which they gave up long ago. I tried baseball. 

“One man throws a rock,” I ex­ plained. “ Another tries to hit it with a 

 r - ‘. w f I 
' \; 
Cd 

.............. 

O 
Syers 

Along the Way 
LM 
I h 
M 

 stick. The first m an’s friends try to catch the rock before it strikes the ground.” Mike was silent, so I ampli­ fied. “ They wear animal hides on their hands; it doesn’t hurt.” 
“ I see,” he said drily. “ And this game of basketball — where you put 

 the rock on the ground and knock it across a field into a hole?" 
"No, Mike,” I said. “ T hat’s golf. 
And tennis is the one where you knock the rock back and forth over a wall until one man misses. Now basket­ ball. . .” 

“And to watch these people play g a m e s,” Mike pondered. “ You pay them a great deal of money? More than to your heads of state, your scholars .. 

“ More people like to watch than to play,” I broke in. 
“ I see,” Mike said. “ Then watching really is your recreation.” 
“ Mine is walking,” I said. “ And it’s time for my walk now.” 
Or maybe junior could walk 

WASHINGTON - I walked into my son’s room as he was stretched out on his bed watch­ ing a basketball gam e on tele­ vision. “ Son,” I said, “ I’d like to talk to you about the American dream .” 
“ Yes, Dad.” 
“ Remember when I told you a few years ago that som eday you would have everything you ever wanted in life, thanks to the American dream?” 
“ Yes, Dad,” he said, “ and I’ve been counting on it ever since.” 
“ Well, son, I just heard President 
Carter talk about energy on TV and he said no one can count on the American dream any more. Ifs a whole new ball game, and we’re going to have to make sacrifices and give up many things that we’ve gotten used to.” 
“ Why us, Dad?” my son asked. 
“ Because w e’re consum ers, son. 
We’re using up energy faster than it can be produced. W e’re slothful, wasteful people who haven’t given a thought to the future.” 

“ But w e’re Americans, Dad,” 

Art 
BtfchwaM 

Light Side 

 he said. 
“ I know. It’s hard to believe Ameri­ cans would do anything bad, but it turns out even America is running out of fuel m uch fa ste r than we ever dream ed we would. No one ever thought it would happen to the good guys. Son, I don’t know how to tell you this, but someday, when you become successful and achieve the wherewith­ al to enjoy the fruits of your labor, you w ill probably not be able to buy a large 
Cadillac.” 
My son bit his lip to keep from cry­ ing. “ But you promised,” he cried. 
“ I know I promised you a Cadillac but it isn’t my fault I can’t deliver. 
Despite ifs power and greatness, this 

 country can no longer afford the luxury of gas guzzlers that only get 12 miles to the gallon. You’re going to have to be satisfied with a small car which De­ troit will have to make if we are to survive as a viable and free nation." 
“ How small?” he wanted to know. 
"Very small,” I told him. “ But thai isn’t all. Someday you’re going to get married and have a wife and chil­ dren.” 
“ I remember you telling me that,” my son replied. “ And you said that if I worked hard and married, well, I could have a heated swimming pool.” 
“ Well, son, you can still have the children, but by then I doubt if you can install the heated swimming pool.” 
“ Why would I want kids if I can’t have a heated swimming pool?" 
“ They can swim in an unheated pool. 
Its actually not bad when you get used to it.” 
“The next thing you’re going to tell me is that when I grow up there won t be electric golf carts and ITI have to walk the entire 18 holes.” 

“ It could come to that,” I admit­ ted, “ though the P re sid e n t d id n ’t mention anything about,electric golf 

 carts. There is a certainty, though that our homes will be colder in th* winter and hotter in the summer. And you may have to give up electrical appliances such as can openers.” 
“ You mean I’m going to have to open up cans manually?” 
“ It can be done,” I assured him. 
“ What about my stereo set?” he de manded. 
“ You could be lim ited to four speakers.” 
“ What kind of American dream is that when each person can have onl> four speakers?” 

“ It’s not the America anyone has known in the past. But our survival depends on conservation, and whether anyone likes it or not he’re going to have to give up the things we hold dearest to us — like snowmobiles and lighted tennis courts and throwaway razors. God knows I’ve worked and scraped so you could have everything you wanted in life. But it just wasn’t meant to be. Do you think any one of us ever imagined that someday our chil­ dren would have to take a bus?” 
“ A bus!” he yelled. 
“ I was saving that for last.” 

EXCITING contemporary queen size sleeper by “ W eim an” . Up­ holstered in colorful print. Six loose back pillows, single seat cushion, upholstered legs. 
Reg. $12 3 o ... MORE 
THAN 4 o% OFF!. . , . O W 
TWIN BOOKCASE headboard with sliding louvered panel, rich pine finish. Reg. $159 ... 
MORE THAN 1 /2 OFF 
4 Y i 

These one-of-a-kind “ BLUE M O N D A Y” specials are offered at FANTASTIC 
PRICES for only one reason — TO CLEAR OUR FLOOR of older merchandise. AT 
ONCE! This list is offered ONLY on the following conditions. CASH (or check) 
WITH ORDER. REMOVAL from premises WITHIN 48 HOURS (delivery at small extra charge), everything SOLD “ AS IS"; no refunds or exchanges. 
THESE PRICES ARE CORRECT! FIRST COME— FIRST SERVED 
I/" CHECK YOUR BARGAINS HERE! 

 o f san a n to n io 

 distinctive home furnishings” 

DRAMATIC natural burl top rectangular cocktail table with impressive chrome legs. 
Reg. $ 4o o ... MORE t f T A 
THAN I 12 OFF! . . . . I / V , 
Square burl and chrome cocktail table. Reg. $ 4o o ... t i T A 
MORE THAN! 12 OFF! I / V 
Square burl and chrome lamp table. Reg. $ 3 3 o ... 
WORTHAN s I r n 
I /2 OFF! 
............. I J 7 . 
Burl and chrome end table. 
Reg. $ 3 1o ... MORE tm Af% 
THAN I [ 2 OFF!_____ I 4V. 
DELIGHTFUL hall chest from 
Korea. Exquisite reproduction of antique original. Beautiful teakwood with brcss accents. 
Enchanting fish-shape door locks. Usual U.S. price $5oo. 
Fisher’s direct 
$3 OC import price . . . . . a J J , 
DAZZLING 9 o ” contemporary sofa by “ W eim an.” Upholstered in a striking combination of plush blue velvet and geometric print. 
Button backs and arms, two stele pillows. Req. $ 1 1 2 9 . . t r r A 
LESS THAN 1 /2 PRICE J J T 

SPACIO US Door hutch by 
"B ernhardt." Dark pine finish, mirrored doors. 
$ A A 
Reg. $ 1 8 o ... 1 / 2 OFF 
. V U « 
DEFINITELY different queen- size sleeper by “ W eim an” . 
Upholstered in Haitian cotton with embroidered floral design. 
Gleaming chrome trim. C f T A 
Reg. $ 9 5 9 ...4o% OFF j / V « 
2-DRAWER end table with lovely pecan finish, dainty brass hardware. Reg. $159 ... 
S O O 
SAVE $ 7 o .............................O V * 
C H A R M IN G oriental stools with exquisitely detailed hand-painted motifs. Red or black. From 
China. Usual U.S. Price $475. 
F is h e r’ s d ire c t 
$ 9 I Q im p o r t p r i c e 
Z I Y « 

CUT crystal atomizers and per­ fume bottles, exquisite gold- 
C 
V d J ll OFF! 
SOPHISTICATED traditional sofa by ' ‘Bruirigton’'. Upholster­ ed in elegant oyster corduroy, box cushions, tailored skirt, arm bolsters. Reg. $479 ... 
S I A O 
MORE T H A N I / 2 OFF j_ V V < 

7 -P C . “ Century” dining set from the “ Continental Pine” col­ lection. Rectangular extension table, parquet top. Six matching cane back chairs with velvet up­ holstered seats. Sunny pine fin­ ish. Reg. $ I 799 ... 
$1 A T Q 
4 o % OFF!. . . . . . . . I U / 7 . 

VERSATILE swivel rocker by 
“ Shuford” . Upholstered in dur­ able nubby weave fabric. Button back, kick pleat skirt. 
$1 I A 
Reg. $ 2 3 9 ... I 7 2 OFF 
M V , 
5-SHELF black wrought iron bookcase. Decorative scrollwork design, wood grain shelves. 
Rfg. $229... 
$ I I jl 
1 / 2 P R IC E 
I 
I *♦ . 
SUPERB 7-piece bedroom by 
"H enredon.” Timeless design, rich in detail, accented by grace­ ful carvings and mouldings. 
W arm , mellow finish. Includes queen-size headboard, two nightstands, triple dresser, twin mirrors, door chest. 
Reg. $ 2 9 6 9 ... 
$ 9 A T O 
3 o % O F F ......................... Z U / V 
N A T U R A L bamboo cocktail or end table from the “ Bahia” col­ lection. For an exotic flair! J T A 
Reg. $ 1 1 9 ...S A V E $ 4 o . / V , 
M A T C H IN G commode. 
$ A A 
Reg. $ 159 ...S A V E $ 6 o 
V V , 

4 -P A N E L oriental screen from 
China. “ Three Characters” motif. Gorgeous stone inlay on black lacquer. 
Usual U.S. price $1395. 
F is h e rs ’s d ire c t 
$ C A Q im p o r t p r i c e 
* / * t V , 

Monday 

ATTRACTIVE dinette set with four padded vinyl chairs, metal bamboo motif. Round 4 2 ” fermi ca top table with contrasting pedestal base. 
$ I A C 
Req. $ 389 . . . 1 / 2 OFF I I Urn 
7-PIECE “ SHANGRA-LA” bedroom by “ D ixie.” Includes triple dresser, twin mirrors, two nightstands, door chest, and king size headboard. Antique lemon finish, white accents. Decorative 
Far Eastern fretwork and hardware. Reg. $ I 299..$og%#% 
SAVE $4oo ..................BW. 
REMARKABLE contemporary sofa by “ Shuford.” Thick, com­ fortable cushions, upholstered in beautifully detailed fl° rak o f * A 
Reg. $ 6o o 4o% OFF. . O J T , 
HI-BACK chair by “ Lewises,“ cane sides, button tufted back, plush corduroy upholstery 
Choice of colors. Reg. $219 ... 
MORE THAN 
$QQ i / 2 o f f ................................y y < 
EN C H A N TIN G shelf units from the “ Passport” collection by 
“ Thomasville.” 19“ x 1 8 “ x 
3 6 ” . Mandarin black lacquer finish. Reg. $129 ... 
S A C 
1 / 2 OFF!. . . ................ 
TRADITIONAL 3-cushion sofa by “ M arim ont” . Upholstered in spring pastel tapestry. Kick pleat skirt, loose pillow backs. 
Reg. $6oo ... 
$Q C O 
4o% OFF , ................ 
O J 
J « 
IMPOSING 8-pc. dining suite by “ American of M artinsville.” 
Hand-rubbed sable finish, par- quet-look table top, smooth, graceful styling. Includes tre­ mendous extension table with two leaves, six cane-back chairs, plush upholstered seats, four- door lighted china. 
$1 I CO 
Reg. $ 2 3 1 9 1 / 2 OFF I I 3 T 

LIFE-LIKE imported silk flowers, choose from zinnias, roses, lilies daisies, etc. 
$ | 5o 
Rainbow colors . . . I to nr 
SUPER-COMFORTABLE con tem porary sofa by “ Contempo­ rary Designs.” Upholstered in plush royal blue velvet. Extra thick cushions, loose pillow backs. Reg. $579 ... 
$ o o o 
SAVE $ 28o ................... Z V V , 
MAGNIFICENT 8 pc. dining room by “ Century” . Exotic 
Eastern flair, bamboo motifs, rich pecan finish. Includes spacious lighted china with glass and delicate grill work on doors and sides, three adjustable glass shelves. Massive parquet top extension table with 6 fretwork chairs (4 side, 2 arm). Incredible buy! Reg. $ 2789 ... a a ? 
I 12 OFF!................11 J V J 
MAN-SIZE W ing back chair by 
“ M ontgom ery” . Plush velvet upholstery in gold or salmon. 
Button-tufted back and seat. 
Exposed wood legs. 
S I C A 
Reg. $339... I / 2 OFF! . I DV 
MARVELOUS variety of gor­ geous room-size rugs. Tweed or plush. Thick pile, bound or fring­ ed edges. Choice of fabulous solid colors or multicolor. 
9 x 1 2 ’ Reg. $ 1 7 9 . . . 
$ I I A 
SAVE $6o . . . . 
I I V 
8 x 1 o ’ Reg. $159 
... S A A 
SAVE $ 6 o .................V V 
ORIGINAL oil paintings, un­ framed, variety of subjects and styles. 2 6 ” x 3 6 ” . 
S O A 
Rea. Value to $ 1 6 o . . £ w EACH 

ASSORTED imitations ivory carvings, funeral jars, oriental gods, temple dogs. Direct $ l r 
1 s ported price s ................. 
I 3b 
FOUR panel screens, (tongs cycle), red and black finish antique wood, soap stone carved figures. Reg. U.S. price 
Si 17o ... 
SZ.QO 
Direct imported prices.... O T T , 
IMPRESSIVE commode with heavily molded doors and ac­ cents. Slate-like top, handsome brass hardware. c i a 
Reg. $139... I /2 OFF! . oV 
LARGE, white wicker lamp, open weave base, scalloped shade. Reg. $9o ... 
S A C 
I 
2 OFF!............................ 
9 o ” TUXEDO sofa by “ Tavern ll” . Sunny floral tapestry uphol­ stery, box cushions, loose pillow backs. Reg. $ 649 ... 
S O T A 
SAVE $29o , . . 
O D V , 
8-PC. "S tanley” dining room suite. Features contemporary styling and warm natural wood finish. Includes parson style extension table, six upholstered cane back chairs (4 side, 2 arm), and three door lighted china. 
Reg. $1 4 89 ... 
$1 I A Q 
SAVE $291.............. I I V O i 
MATCHING server with flip top shelf. Reg. $ 38o ... c o rn a 
SAVE $ 6 1 ................... 
J I V, 
DISTINCTIVE contemporary loveseat by “ Lewittes” . Uphol­ stered in textured nubby weave fabric. Button back and arms, chrome legs. Reg. $ 4 4 9 $ n n f t 
SAVE $ 1 1 o ................ 
O J V . 

“ GARDEN LOOK” end table 
Thick glass top on white bamboo motif metgl base Perfect for sun room, patio etc. 
Reg. $1 58 
S T O 
1/2 O F F ! . . . ....... 
/V . 
MATCHING round end table. 
Reg. $1 79 ... 
$ Q A 
I / 2 o f f ...........................o v * 
EXQUISITE door chest from 
China. Beautiful soapstone inlays and hand painted motifs on front and sides. 
Usual U.S. price $15oo. 
Fisher’s direct 
$AAA import price . . ._. . 
OwV« 
PORCELAIN Cup and saucer from West Germany, I 4 kt. gold trim, Delicate fruit design tgm 
DIRECT IMPORT PRICE. . . £ 
LA-Z-BOY loveseat recliner! 
Q uality comfort for two. Uphol stered in durable vinyl, button back, kick pleat skirt. 
$ O A I 
Req. $ 5 6 9 ...3o% OFFI O V i 
ELEGANT cut-crystal lamp by 
“ Remington.” G old-color base, pleated, white shade. t o t 
Reg. $ 14 o ... SAVE $55 O ' 
ADJUSTABLE tripod floor lamp chrome with white enamel shade, raises, lowers, and tilts. 
Reg. $2 2.5 o ... 
%% A 9 
1 /3 O F F ...................... 
SH 

TWO-DOOR lighted china by 
“ Thomasville.” Two glass shelves, storage cabinet, bam- boo-look mouldings, antique white finish. Reg. $55o CA T I i / 2 o f f .............................. : 

W o f san antonio 

145o NX loop 41o pl Vandiver (I mile East of Broadway) 

----------- 

ONLY 

A great-looking collection of slacks is the beginning of a great wardrobe. And we have them in enough smart solid colors to please you with a different look for ev­ ery day of the week. 1oo% polyester double knit with flare legs and wide belt loops. At these prices you’ll want to buy several, so hurry in. Available in a full range of men’s sizes. Waist sizes 3o-38. 

While Quantities Last 

CHARGE IT on 
Sears Revolving Charge 
Assorted men’s shirts 
5o% to 68% Off! 

Were SIO to SIO in spring of 1o76 

NOW 497 ea. to 597 ea. 

• Long sleeves • In a variety of styles, colors, patterns and prints • Knits and covens 
While Quantities Last 

I h i s a h is o t a W in n ) 

It is hacked by S tars Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to be supported in each store with sufficient m erchandise...If we should run out ot any reduced price item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. This does not apply to special purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited 
Sears 

Sale prices in effect thru Sat., Apr. 3oth. 

S ours P ric in g P olio*: lf an item is not described as reduced or as a special purchase it is at it’s regular price A special purchase though not reduced is an exceptional value. 

S t A KS, H O tH C C K AN O CO. Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

I 
111 « » t i P l a z a N o n ’ al Navarro 

M o n . a n d I h o i'. 
MI o th er d a * ' ‘b.MMi 

M ilitary l)ri* c ''t o n ­ al P le a s a n to n H ood 
M oil. th r u Xiii, 

( c iilr a l P a rk s,|or»- 
S a n P e d r o iii l o o p I ( ll 
M on. ib m s i(|, 
o.51 M# 

Double knit slacks deliver a great fit and great looks 

Were $ 1 5 .9 9 to $ 1 8 .9 9 in 1976 catalog 

Now’s the time to stock up on great looking slacks. Solid color and patterned slacks are a 
IOO % polyester Perma-Prest® fabric. With wide belt loops and flare legs for style, Ban-Rol® waist­ band for an all-day neat appearance. Sears Best in lots of colors and patterns! Available in a full range of sizes. 

KINGS 
ROAD 

SAVE I 
5o% to 57% on assorted fashion jeans 

Were $ 12 to $ I I in 1976 Catalog 

Just say 
“CHARGE IT 
Sears Revolvii 

Charge 

68% to 
7o% OFF! 

L,ignt-weight fashion denim shirts 
1/2 PRICE men’s leather 
_ travel totes 

W ere $ 12.5o 

 hile Quantities last 

San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S — 
Sunday April 24 1977 

=---- :-------:-----JZL 

Sears 

Charge it on Sears Revolving Charge 

31 % to 45% OFF! 
Tennis wear 
Colorful, bright and court right 

KINGS 
ROAD " 

V2 Price— fun colorful T-shirts 

I trg iila r S t .OO 

1 o 7 < > ( a l a l o i each 

>hort sleeve shirts with screen heat ransfers and air brustled prints on the ronts. 1oo% cotton, polyester and cot­ on blends. In sizes S to XL. 

While Quantities Last 

Fashionable short sleeve knit shirts are the begin­ ning of lots of great summer looks. In collar and placket, mock turtleneck and turtleneck styles. 
Choose from a variety of smart colors and fabric textures and blends. 

5o% OFF 

W ere $ 2 .9 9 to SI 1.99 

 iii 1976 catalog 

This season, colors as well as whites will be smashing on the courts. And our Kings Road" tennis wear is packed with fashion and designed to take lots of ac­ tion. Take advantage of this great value and buy several pieces. You can mix or match as you please. 

While Quantities Last 

Your choice 
47 each 

C o l o r f u l k n it shirts. Were $$ to $1o ill 1o7o catalog. Bright solids with front placket and striped collar, and white shirts with action stripes from neck to tip of sleeves. 
Cotton and polyester blend. 

 ll o w n whorls. In smart solids with con­ trasting trim on the pockets. Polyester and cotton. Were $9 in 197o catalog. 

Men’s short sleeve knit shirt assortment 

> * * *_% M U>ftl * 

1 3^> 
. u u r 

 item* a I*4 
>rn>i» 
,tfrriifc% JHP'.', -trprcti tv I i#-i j iKi 
, —a,- 
".aitue*: c*r *m fie 

‘i|.5|.i>#t't. 
WiUtf 
«i!Rfe « t t i 
OI OTT Iii 

' f*y.v. sftv ■ iir ii5 
o th rvu an 
E. 

OUftjJKS ■'W <♦» 
»fe*» **i%»wa.~* 4mrsx 

"TH*'** !&?%(. 
Itt-i UIKIUf »,v Kx 

•mn em tc tut rn vt* iw-no t."•ti 
»«OKi i3Vf* 
PinldffPO 
CW- 
.(Hi feel marr : tat 
'iiiii< an ! jupii« tuc - we** (■* * ;•. 

> a f w #»!«*••• inn *hi .. i»r: Hurt. 

Buy 2 pack* and save *1.5o 

Sears 
o 5 r f KodeT polyester and 
3 5 cc e o 11 o n ii n d e r \ v e a r 

 urn ui mw 
Titeftf HTimf ans I ithsx* ar-*- anan* ic i x iu a ir ’- jitsnc i t K nots:’ no? vassar k it m u »*aar bb.: rnmJwa -‘it* ut fir sonnea* anc ansartwsBri Y -aed ! a n t 

-s lu r , if if lt im s a w : u h al. H h m iio tr rnrnu^ e h : ew er, h i t sm it* tot* J nr fiiiFi w n v B m m st, S h i m t n t i n osteal?9 tm zsu i t wtmh want aul iPrih*«*ar irai ?:c- iTi. " trua- 3 *i®gJ' itrxiniv 

 if -s n r-t-* 

 lie* ' I l l 

 c -stir*. "«£iiiur ttnum ii-»♦* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
^a 9e 
5-J 

Special Purchase men’s short-sleeve dress shirts 

Easy-care shirts in a wide array of sol­ ids and prints, Polyester and cotton blend fit and feel good. Hurry in for best selection of both colors and sizes. 

V* hile Quantities hast 

Save 32% to 44% on select group of men’s short sleeve dress shirts 

 i \ 
Special Purchase if Men’s ties 
33% to 62% Off 

Your choice 
I 67 
W ere $ 2 .5 o lo $ 1 .5 o J ea. 

Sold iii 1976 for $4.97 to $5.97 each 

Be ready for the summer with these cool, comfortable short sleeve shirts. Choose from solids and prints in colors to high­ light your wardrobe. Hurry in, and save! 

While Oiinnlilies Last! 

Save on men’s low-rise briefs 

 intr. (a p io l. i i i i i \ Ion 

I r i m ! iii lot* ill jailor* 

 a n i l p u n t * . S i m i * w i t h a Hi. S In I . 
I 29 

K i'iiiilar s j . |'l in s j . 7'1 

 i i i l * > 7 (» l u i l n h t f t 

 t m i l l n o t i n g o i i i t r r * l i n I 
S M I ' 
I . 2 9 

Save $ 1 — colorful polo shirts 

A wardrobe must tor lim in tin" sun. T-shirts made of easy-care polyester and cotton. S- XL. 
I 

 fk A 
Nebular 
9 9 >2.oo 
III I ‘>7<i 

I ' i i l a l o u 

Save $1 to $5 on wide assortment of bells 

(Ilion*!' from lots of fireat-lookiiifi 
U 
Q 'J leather belts. Some an* toul<*d anil some liavi* fancy trim. All are fin al 
Kenulnr with jeans! liny ail you m*eil. 
*5.oo to *9.oo 
*o.oo Jean hell ...................................................... *L‘>7 

Sears special purchase men’s suits 

1/2 PRICE 
Men’s suit assortment 

Were *79 to *11o 

 with the style and value you want 
3 997 

Choose from a wide variety of solids, plaids and patterns, all of easy-care polyester and all finely tailored. Up-to-the-minute touches include wide lapels, two and three button styling, flared legs and much more. While quantities last at this low price. 

Special Purchase: A special purchase, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 

 vested suits 

Men’s leisure-life coordinates 

SAVE *2o 
Sportcoats 

Were $5o 

Special selected group 
99 

 lo 
9’?.34 

SAVE *6 
Slacks 

Were $2o 

Special selected group 
99 J o 9 9 

Special purchase 

• Texturized polyester knits in fashionable solid colors 

• Up to the minute styling 

 hile Quantities 
Last 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

Casual W ear Sale 

Now you can own the stylish Johnny Miller menswear at a fraction of the regular price. Check the selection below, others not adver­ bs tised also on sale. Hurry for these. 

Johnny Miller Sport I louts 

Regularly *75 
o 
o 
9 
7 
SAVE *45 

Johnny Miller Leisure Tops 

Regularly *5o 
^ 
SAVE *4o 
J solid color 

SALE! Save *32 
Johnny Miller 

3-pc. Chino suit 

Was‘67.5o in 1976 

Johnny Miller Sport Shirts 

Regularly * I 7 
5 97 
SAVE *11 
Woven prints 

Johnny Miller Sport Slacks 

Regular *25 
9 7 
SAVE *15 solids and patterns 

Sears 

 rn j f f i. 

Sears 
Where America shops for the contemporary man’s fashions 
Ask about Sears credit plate 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sale prices in effect thru A p ril 3oth. 
IIm*ntov.ii I'lii/u Store 
S o led ad at N a ' a m . 
M on. an d I lair-., ‘L.'MM* 
All oilier 

M illiard I >r»v*• S tore at P le a sa n to n (toad 
M on . th ru S al. 

C e n t r a l P ark S to r e 
San P e d ro at t nop I IO 
M on. th r u S al. 
M..WM) 

Sears 
SALE! 
Work bibs, jeans and shirts for on the job 

SALE 

SAVE *6 
Polyester knit jumpsuits 

Regular $25.oo. Want a winning suit? Then stock up on these Penna-Prest" jumpsuits, made of 1oof( polyester for stretch knit com fort! In solids and fancies. 
SAVE' 1.4o on work bibs SAVE‘1.5o on 

SAVE $ 1 .5 o 
M en's lea! brr d rivin g plcrvtss 
3 
4 » 

Kepul.tr S IAP! 

T ofi g rain ro e .h id e glove h fi' elliptic i .r i 'l to r w d i fit. lo p o p u la r ta n co lo r. a49 

SAVE 79' »„ chambray shirt 

R e g u la r $ 9 .8 9 . Blend of polyester and cotton blue denim p a in te r s ’ bibs. 
High back style, with plenty of pockets for all your gear. Bibs available in waist sizes 3o to 42. 

Regular $8.99 Work jeans feature reinforced strain points. Polyester and cot­ ton blue denim painters’ jeans. Rule pocket, ham­ mer loop on left leg. In waist sizes 28 to 42. 

Regular $5.29 each. W ork or school, these are just the topper for your new bibs or jeans. All-cotton for comfort, these blue chambray shirts have long tails that stay tucked in. 
In sizes S, M, L and XI*. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

W M I MB m aM UW JW a 

Dont simmer this summer 

In South Texas, there’s little doubt about ii — air conditioning is a ne­ cessity. 
When the mercury hits the century mark and beyond, in front of an air conditioner is the place to be. 
At a time when America is con­ cerned about limited energy supplies and skyrocketing costs, the Ex- press-News brings its readers a guide to help them select the most efficient cooling system possible, designed to fit their needs using the least energy to save the most dollars. 
As an introduction, here are a few basic suggestions for efficient air conditioning: 
—Select a unit the proper size for your home and needs. Take into ac­ count your floor plan, insulation, na­ tural cooling and heating mechan­ isms and orientation to the sun, as well as your family and its activities. 
—While a high-efficiency model may have a slightly higher purchase price, it will probably be worth it in lower fuel costs in the long run. Ob­ tain the energy efficiency ratio on any unit before buying to learn the mea­ sure of cooling power to watts. The higher the rating, the more efficient and less costly the unit is lo run. 
—Increased insulation can return its cost to the homeowner many times over in lower utility bills. Weather­ stripping, shading and insulative glass may also cut cooling costs. 
Air conditioning has other advan­ tages besides personal comfort. Air is cleaner and easier to breathe, with an added benefit of reduced cleaning chores. 
While most San Antonio residences have either central or window air conditioning, you may choose to in­ vestigate the newer, more efficient models on the market. But whatever your choice, it’s best lo start now so you won’t be caught during the dog days. 

Sunday April 24 1977 
Old units waste 
$1 billion yearly in energy costs 

Forty million old or inefficient room air conditioners may be wasting more than $1 billion a year in electricity in the United 
States, according to a local air conditioning executive. 

These same room air conditioners are wasting approximately 25 billion kilowatt hours of electricity each year needlessly, noted Robert VV. Curtis, president of Friedrich Air Condition* mg and Refrigeration Co. 

His calculations are based on figures by Value Engineering Laboratory for the United States Department of Com­ merce National Bureau of Standards, 
( e n t e r for 
C onsum er 
Product 
Technology, Product Systems Analysis 
Dix ision. 

The report said the average room air conditioner to 1972. most of which are still operating, had a capacity of 11,6oo 
HTCH, an energy efficiency ratio 
(EEH) of 6.89, and total energy con­ sumption of 1,684 watts. 

Operating at 1.ooo hours a year w ith the local cost per kilowatt hour at four cents (national averages), it would cost $67.36 per year to operate. 
Save $25.16 yearly 

If another 11.6oo HTCH unit with an 
FER of ll were operated for the' same time and cost. it would use only 1,o55 watts of electricity, costing $42.2o, sav ­ ing $25.16 per year. 

Savings would vary depending upon local climate and electrical costs ar­ ound the country. 

 c n i r n n i A u 
« A 
. 
. . . 
. , 
Based on this study, Curtis calculat- rK ltU K fu ri otters 2o air conditioners with energy efficiency ratios of 7.5 or (.(j there are approximately 4o million higher 

 room air conditioners in the United 
States wasting 25 billion kilowatt hours per year at a cost of over $1 billion. 
The figures are the amounts that could be saved if all room air condi­ tioners had ll EEH ratings rather than 
6.89 with an average capacity of 11.6oo 
BTUH. 

“There is obviously a sound, funda­ mental. economic reason for Ameri­ cans to give major consideration to the efficiency ratios of the room air condi­ tioners they buy,” Curtis said. 

“ High efficiency units will benefit the buyer and conserve the energy this country so badly needs.” he added. 
28% improvement 

He pointed out the Federal Energy 
Administration, recognizing the loss in inefficient cooling units, has called for a 28 per cent im provem ent in effi­ ciency ratings by 198o. 

“ Friedrich, which concentrated on high efficiency products long before the energy crisis, now has high effi­ ciency room air conditioners in every 
BTU size from 5,ooo to 3o.ooo BTU, more than any manufacturer, and has already exceeded 198o governm ent standards,” Curtis said. 

Prospective buyers of room air con­ ditioners can calculate the energy ef­ ficiency ratio of a room air conditioner by dividing the rated cooling capacity in BTU's per hour by the wattage rat­ ing of the unit. 

The higher the EFR, the more effi­ cient the unit and the lower its cost of operation. 
“ Most buyers will find it well worth determining the FER of a unit before they buy," Curtis said. “ It can save them substantial amounts of money.” 

W H A T looks like a vintage console radio is nections. Strictly a luxury item during the 

 really one of the first home air conditioners, 
Depression, fewer than 
IOO of the 
193 o 

 built in 
1 9 3 o by G eneral Electric Co. The models were built. At right is to d ay’s indoor 

5 ,5 o o BTUH walnut finished “ room cooler’’ section of a central air conditioning system 

 required both plumbing and electrical con- installed in utility rooms, basements or attics. 

New Rheem Imperial 
Sup-EER Hi-Efficiency 
AIR CONDITIONING 

 pays for itself with the energy it saves year after year! 

You Enjoy Super E.E.R. Cooling Comfort and Economy 
It’s the highest-pertormance cen­ tral air conditioner Rheem has ever built! Designed and engineered in 
2and3tonsizes to deliver E E R. s 

 of up to 1o.3 for super cooling and dependability with money- saving economy all summer long, year aftei year1 

. Consult your yellow pages 

 for Rheem dealers or call 
COMFORT SUPPLY, INC. 
341-1431 

 for nomes of authorized dealers. 

 a Hallie yoii*ll Ted c o m f o r ta b l e w it Ii 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page 

The hotter it gets, the more you can lose! 
Win back those energy dollars with Friedrich Room Air Conditioners! 
Electricity will cost more this summer, and air conditioning will be a big part of that big electric bill. 
That’s why this summer, more than ever, energy efficiency will be the single most important consideration in buying a room air conditioner. 

The federal government defines an energy efficient room air conditioner as one with an 
Energy Efficiency Ratio (EER) of 7.5 or higher. Compare these super-efficient Friedrich units with other makes: 

 attomy 

-'ratixvcpy? 

SPo6D1o 
6.5oo BTUH 
9.o EER 

SSo7D1o 
7.ooo BTUH 
1o.7 EER 

SPo5D1o 
5,2oo BTUH 
9.1 EER 

SM1oD1o 
9.9oo BTUH 
11.5 EER 
Energy efficient air conditioning. It’s an important way to save precious energy dollars this summer. And 
Friedrich has more high EER 
(7.5 or higher) Room Air 
Conditioners than anyone else in the industry. 

That’s why we ask that you compare before you buy. 
See your Friedrich dealer, and see him soon. Because the hotter it gets, the more you lose. Friedricli 
THE ENERGY ECONOMISER 

Bledsoes Furniture 

315 I. Commerce - 227-6344 

Dalm oiin Appl. Co. 

43o Bandera Road - 732-6235 

H o p p ’s TV & Appl. 

- I 2311 Hackberry - 532-7375 
5?3 26oo West Ave. - 733-9138 
- 4 1533 Austin Hwy. - 824-6327 
= 5 253 Wonderland Ctr.-732-7193 

SAN ANTONIO DEALERS 

= 6 9o2 W. M ilitary Dr.-924-4268 

 sr7 2o6 Central Park Mall-341-3395 

= 8 12o3 Pat Booker Road- 
Universal City 
658-5381 

Jack Grieder Show case 

1o27 N E. loop 41o - 828-1326 

4519 Fredericksburg Rd. - 735-9421 

S a a th o ffs Inc. 

 ss I 1134 W. Hildebrand - 734-5o56 
» 2 8o7 S.W. Military Dr. - 924-83o1 

Schroeder Appl. 

1848 S. W.W. White Road - 337-4o41 

Sebera’s 
231o Nogolifos- 533-5171 
4o3 S.W. Military Dr. - 924-4379 
7o34 San Pedro - 824-6357 

AREA DEALERS 

SEGUIN 

Vivroux H ardw are 

HOS. Austin - 379-1241 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

Herbert Kraft 

Refrigeration Co. - 625-3221 

PLEASANTON 

Williams Hardware - 

569-2424 

FLORESVILLE 

Hoelshers Furniture - 

393-25o5 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 

VI *o 
Q 
-♦ 
o vt* 
■♦» 
-*% 
o 
Q 
VI 
A 
Wl. 
-♦ o ’ 
o * 
3 
3 
Q 
• mmm 

*< 

 a 
3 
CL 

HHo 

*< oc 
- I 

 vt 
-¥ rn 
"" ^ .f l 

W O - * a ? o 

3 
5 
CD 
O i 
(D 

 i ' O 

<3y 

&«3«C7 
8P~te~$ 
3*o* 

'••• ikCuX*; . 

? J> v w, I ..... 
* •. w - v . -fs&gf ' ' * 

.-r-L w"> e-> a 
—>► o a 
3 t cc 
Et 
T3 a 
—► 

7~\ o * o 

CV 
3 
3 . 
»/> 
3* a=3 ca 

C L . co 
-a 

CD cr 

< o 

- a ’ 
3 
CO 

I co 
3 
I 
** 

 a 
5 ’ 

—*■ • 

=• -c 

< 
—► 
C L . 
“O 
2*C 
HS* 
—J 
— j • a 
O co 
***» * 
3 

V— 
O3 
M 
CO n o c r 
O 
3 
“ 
3 a c 
3 
—#■ 
3 
C O 
3 
C L co 

3 
* 
I > 
C L o 
C 
CO r-» 
CO 
I» 
3 a 
—* 
!✓* 

 o c r co 
“f o3t/> c o ’ 
T 
3 “ c a 
< - > 
—■» a 
J> 
3 ’ 
H o co 
CO 
3 co 
IS* 
—r 

 oc 

“Oa 
3 a" 

 r"\ o 
3 

 r * > o 
3 
—t 
-< 
■ 
I 

5 
^ 
—* 
CB 

CD 

CS­ 
-—» z : co 
CO 
CO o v/> 
—*• 
—I rn 
3= 

JC 
5S co 
“O c o 
■"HH' f* t/* 
■a z r o 
3 v* c r 
3 co 
CT co 
CO 
3 
CD 
—* 
3 “ n 
"< 
O 
CO 
O o 
3 c co 
I 
ET 
3T 
—i o 
3 a 
3 ’ 
3T 
3 a 
<co co 

Z » o ’ 
3 
3" co 

 r s a 
• 

"o DO 

S 8 - co c r 

< 

San Antonio EXPRESSNEW S— Sunday April 24 1 9 7 7 

3 T 4o ? 
I * 
> 3 “ cr 5 a ft 3 
* ^ S ! 

o 

o 

Q > o i . i 

o-2 o 3 i i 

• u 5 S ® rn 

 o <fl «■ c o 
X J. o 3 J a § ? - ' o -3 

= I 
5 f f = J> o o - §<? • c -I =• 
' J> 
"* cr ^ ^ J — p O ® 3 ® ST 
C —• 
«*■ Q o l l 3 < O J. 2, 
o<° S 2.3 "* 
3 ar o 4o n 
■ffl o af-H§ 2 
? IJ s M o: ssi 
3 2 o < -* NC 
3 V 
A 

§ “ • ? " o ? 
*< CL o" & 3 o 
o zn N S; 
O T5 J* 
■* (A cr ® ST'S © • h 3 o o 
"I q_ Q- Q 2. < 
< o 
2 3 o 
(5 7 O r i a CL 

<-<5 

 c 

 vt Ni a n r a ^ 

U - J * 3 
3 I o _ 
” “ 2 Z 
^ Q, ® a : 
: o 

I g - c J 
3 O 3 JC 
» 
3 a 
* • 2 
3 STZ 
O m 
Z° cr c 
Q 3 vt CL 

15- o 32 

 s o UJ 

= 

 v t 

 az 

Poge 
6-K________ San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 

R O T A R Y co m p ressor is the heart o f the Fedders E-Flex central air conditioning syste m 

1977 
Central air pays for itself in resale value 

Central air conditioning, according to real estate agents and brokers, is one of the few home improvements that not only helps the sale of a house but often pays for itself when the house is resold. 
Air conditioning has such broad appeal and wide acceptance that it is becoming a standard feature of the modern home and is included as a built-in benefit or as a buyer option in virtually all new homes in the area. 
Since the majority of new homes are heated with a forced warm air furnace, central air conditioning usually can be obtained simply through installation of a cooling coil in the furnace. 
Coil connected 

The coil is then connected to a rem ote con- i enser-compressor section located inconspicuously outside the home. Older homes can be air condi­ tioned with a packaged system and ducts installed in the attic, basement or crawl space area. 
Companies that specialize in air conditioning pro­ ducts. like Fedders Corp., not only provide a wide selection of heating and cooling options, but also offer such additional refinements as the following: 

—humidifiers. 
—electronic filter systems that remove dust, dirt, pollen and other microscopic pollutants from .the air. 
—advanced control systems that automatically monitor indoor temperatures and will shift from heating to cooling or vice versa during the in- 

 between spring and fall seasons w hen both functions may be required. 
High efficiency 
And if you’re worried about operating costs, look into the new high-efficiency systems that are just now beginning to reach the market. 
Fedders Corp. has a complete new selection of central air conditioning systems that produce an extra margin of cooling for every kilowatt hour of electricity consumed. 
Called “ E-Flex” systems, they incorporate a new rotary compressor that makes possible greatly im­ proved operating efficiencies. 
As utility rates continue to increase and further emphasis is placed on energy conservation, such systems will gradually displace those of lesser effi­ ciency. 
New standard 
In fact, a new standard of efficient operation al­ ready has been applied to room air conditioners and is now being extended to central system products. 
Known as the “energy efficiency ratio” (EEH), it indicates the amount of cooling that a system under established conditions will produce for each unit of electric power consumed. 
Highly efficient air conditioning products like the 
E-Flex units, fall within an EEH range from seven to nine. 
It’s a good yardstick of performance capabilities and a good guarantee of keeping operating costs at moderate levels, an additional bonus with a staging feature that trims operating costs even further by permitting the system to operate at half capacity during periods of mildly warm weather. 
1977 seen as good air c o n d itio n year 

With the economy un- dergoin g g eneral im ­ provem ent, air condi­ tioner manufacturers are g enerally optim istic about an active 1977 sea­ son. 
The air conditioning industry could well af­ ford a good year. 
“ The industry has ex­ perienced a couple of very lean years,” said a spokesman at General 
Electric Co., one of the nation’s largest suppliers of room air conditioners, 
“ Sales were slowed not 

 only by cool weather but with uncertainty all over the economic front — employment, inflation, recession and unstable energy costs,” he added. 
As a result, consumers held back on discretion­ ary spending while pay­ ing off outstanding debts such as credit card ba­ lances and installment loans. Room air condi­ tioners reflected the pinch with sluggish sales. 
Manufacturers report­ ed shipm ents of about 

 three m illion units in 
1976. a slight im prove­ ment over 1975. but still only about half that of the peak year 197o when 5.o n1i Ilion units were shipped. 
W eather rem ain s an unpredictable factor, but with the other half of the equation is encouraging, 
GE officials believe. The economy is stabilizing and consum ers again seem willing to commit the dollars necessary for such items as CB radios, stereos and room air 

 conditioners. 
Many of those who put off buying a room air conditioner last year or for the past several years are able this year to put air conditioning back into their home improvement plans. 
In addition, an e s ti­ mated 8oo.ooo add-on rooms will be built in the 
United States this year, many of which will need auxiliary heatin g and cooling. 
Optimistic 
“ Add to that the normal replacement bu­ siness and you have the basis for an optim istic fo re ca st,” the spokes­ 

 man said. 
GE also expects in­ creased consum er awareness of the operat­ ing cost of air condi­ tioners as another reason to operate an air condi­ tioner. 
“ When the energy crunch hit, they began to care very much how much it cost to run them, but still d id n 't really have a good idea what the cost w as,” the spokes­ man added. 
“They just pulled back from buying air condi­ tioners. Now they are learning that many bed­ room units, 
1o.ooo 
BTUI or less, can be 

 operated IO hours a night in many p arts of the country for well under 5o cents.” 
For instance, of the 31 room air conditioner mo­ dels in its the GE line, 15 are 86o watts or less and over a 1o-hour period would consume about 8.6 kilowatt hours of elec­ tricity. 
Based on the national average of cost of elec­ tricity of 3.75 cents per kilowatt hour, based on 
Edison Electric Institute data, these units coat 32.5 cents o perating for IO hours. 
Moreover, since a pro­ perly sized room air con­ 

 ditioner does not operate continuously, the actual cost would likely be somewhat less. Costs will vary depending upon lo­ cal conditions and elec­ trical rate. 
Other trends with min­ or but positive effects on air conditioner sales in­ clude the following: 
—a m ovem ent of the population to the South, where air conditioning is more important. 
—an in c re ase in the number of centrally air conditioned houses being equipped with bedroom air units to keep down the cost of n ig h ttim e air conditioning. 

LAST YEAR’S MODELS 
REDUCED TO CLEAR! ARI suggests ways to trim cooling costs 

Rjidaire' 

9ooo B.T.U. 
• BRAND NEW 1976 
MODEL-NEW WARRANTY! 

There are many ways you can conserve precious energy in the home without too much trouble. 

H -U -G -E 
SAVE ON THIS 
PRIOR YEAR, 
HIGH EFFICIENCY 
HIGH EFFICIENCY 
RATED AT 
19ooo BTU 
8ooo BTU 
12ooo BTU 
435,s 
359” 
266” 

"Remember. We give and 
REDEEM (2.5o per book) 
GOLD BOND 
STAMPS 

Som ething Extra for 

 yo u — from Us! 

W AREH O U SE 
-SH O W R O O M 

7123 
SAN PEDRO 

342-1951 *342-4566 

The Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Insti­ tute, the trade associa­ tion of central air condi­ tioning m anufacturers, suggests nine ways to save cooling bills. 
—Keep cooling equip­ ment clean, particularly air filters. Filters should be inspected two or throe times during the cooling season and washed thor­ oughly, if cleanable, when clogged, or re­ placed, if disposable. 
Damage unit 
Dirty filters not only reduce the efficiency of the unit but can result in costly damage to equip­ ment. The National Bur­ eau bf S tan d ard s esti­ mates that clean equip­ ment in good working 

 order can reduce energy consumption IO per cent. 
—Have the system in­ spected and serviced at least once a year by a competent contractor. 
—Ik* sure the thermos­ tat is not affected by heat-producing a p ­ pliances. Lam ps, c a n ­ dles, televisions and other appliances in oper­ ation near the thermostat will make your air con­ ditioner put out m ore cool air than needed. 
Let air flow 
— Don’t place chairs, sofas or other furniture where they will impede the free flow of air from registers or circulation back to the equipment. 
—Set the thermostat no lower than 74 degrees for 

 a 15 per cent reduction in energy consumption, as estim a ted by the 
National Bureau of Stan­ dards. 
—Cut down on heat and humidity producing acti­ vities during hot hours. 
Schedule cooking, m op­ ping. bathing and wash­ ing for early morning or late evening. Try to pre­ vent spills and spattering to minimize self-cleaning oven cycles. 

Use trees 
—While shade trees don’t grow overnight, if you have them, take ad­ vantage of them . Tall deciduous trees on the east, south and west will reduce solar heat gain through walls, windows and roofs. 
— Install aw nings or draw blinds over w in­ dows where the sun strikes. Heat gain makes 

 an air conditioner run more. 
—The outside condens­ ing unit should be shaded during the hottest hours by plants, trees or sha­ dows. However, it should be far enough from other objects so air may flow freely around it. 
SELL 
OT 
NOW 

And it's easy! Just call us today and we'll put your low-cost ad in print. 

Call 225-1666 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday April 24 1977 

GENERAL ELECTRIC 
AIR CONDITIONER with Power Saver Feature 
CAN SAVE up ie 12% en its operating costs! 
Specially Priced! 

* 3 9 9 ” 

 the po 

Model AGFS815 

• 15,ooo BTU Cooling 
• Save Energy Range 
• Dual Voltage 
• 3 speeds 
23o/2o8 
• Proven Rotary 
• Power Saver Feature 
Compressor 

 r/c bin j 

 ft* 

GE Hi-Efficiency, 76oo BTU, 
115 Volts, Th Amps., 8.8 EEH 

• Power Saver 
Feature 
• Save Energy 
Range 
• 3 speeds 
• Proven Rotary 
Compressor 

Model AGCE9o8 

GE Hi-Efficiency, 13,5oo BTU, 
115 Volts, 9.8 EEP 

• Power Saver 
Feature 
• Save Energy 
Range 
• 3 speeds 
- 
• Proven Rotary 
Compressor 

G o o d ye ar Service Store 

I 4 9 8 Hillcrest 

8 I 6 S. St. M a r y 's 

1811 W . Com m erce 

2 1 3 1 S.W . M ilitary D rive 

4 7 o 2 Sa n Pedro 

I 3 4 6 Fair Avenue 

3 5 6 6 Fredericksburg R oad 

4o1 N. A lam o 

1 3 1 5 Austin H ig h w ay 

2 2 6 Rector 

3 o 3 o E. Com m erce 

I 1 4 7 9 Perrin Plaza 

HI - EFFICIENCY MEANS 7.5EER AND HIGHER 

SAN ANTONIO METRO DEALERS 

Jack G reider Show case 

1 o 2 7 N E lo o p 4 1 o 

4 5 1 9 Fredericksburg Road 

Joske ’s of Texas 

A lam o Plaza 

I 8 7 Plaza de las Palm as 

9 o o N orth Star M all 

W in d so r Pork M all 

H opp's 

1 5 3 3 Austin H ig h w ay 

Central Park M all 

2 6 o W est Avenue 

9 o 2 S.W . M ilitary Drive 

2 3 1 1 S. H ackberry 

I 2 o 3 Par Booker 

2 5 2 W o n d e rla n d Center 

Lack’s 

San Pedro & IH 3 5 
9 3 o S.W , M ilitary Drive 
4 5 4 5 Fredericksburg Road 
9 4 3 Coliseum Road 
Sebera’s 

2 3 1 o N o galito s 
4 o 3 S.W . M ilitary Drive 
7 o 3 4 So n Pedro 
W oolco 

2 7 1 o Austin H igh w ay 
2 2 1 4 S.W . M ilitary Drive 

1 o o Gilt Road 
5 2 7 Fair A venue 
4 8 o 3 W . Com m erce 

BEEVILLE 

Burrow s H ardw are 

G o o d ye a r Service Store 

 lo c k s 

BOERNE 

D avis Furn. & Appl 

C A M P W O O D 

V ap o G a s 

CASTROVILLE 

H ig h w ay Service 

COM FORT 

W alter Brinkm onn 

CRYSTAL CITY 

D urbon s H om e Appliance 

CUERO 

Stim son Furniture 

DEL RIO 

Del Rio Electric 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

DEVINE 

Barber Tire & Appliance 

EAGLE PASS 

Eagle Tire & Appliance 

IFO , Inc. 

FLORESVILLE 

H oelcher’s 

FREDERICKSBURG 

Duecker Electric Co. 

G o o d ye a r Service Store 

G O N ZA LES 

Baker Appliance & Furniture 

G o o d ye a r Service Store 

H O N D O 

D e M o n te l's, Inc. 

JO H N SO N CITY 

V ernon Crider 

JO U R D A N T O N 

Benz & Klum b 

JUNCTION 

Meredith Electric 

K A R N ES CITY 

Stim son Furniture 

KENEDY 

Stim son Furniture 

KERRVILLE 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

Jim M a ss e y ’s G E Appliance 

M o o re 's H om e Furnishings 

LAREDO 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

IFO , Inc. 

W o o lco 

LEAKEY 

V a p o G a s 

N E W BRAUNFELS 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

 la c k 's 

N IX O N 

Billings of N ixo n 

PEARSALL 

Toalson Electric Co. 

R O C K SP R IN G S 

Rocksprings Butane 

S A N M A R C O S 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

SCHERTZ 

R ie d e ls Furniture 

& Appliance 

SA B IN A L 

V a p o G a s 

SEGU IN 

G o o d y e a r Service Store 

Starcke Furniture Co. 

STOCKDALE 

C o o p e r's Appliance 

THREE RIVERS 

H ou se H ardw are 

UVALDE 

U valde Appliance C o 

V a p o G a s 

Y O R K T O W N 

Klein H ardw are 

Stim son Furniture 

BESm 

 rotary powered heat pump air conditioner 

 m f b is t 

 ffOt/Cf 

FEDDERS 
Flexhermetic ii heat pump air conditioner can cut heating costs dramatically 
SAVES ON COOLING,TOO! 

Save next winter and every winter with Fedders latest engineering triumph, the Flexhermetic ll heat pump air conditioner—"The Answer” to high fuel bills. 

SUPER BONUS—Whole House Air Conditioning, too! You get the big plus of summer air conditioning as part of the same system and you get efficiency on cooling as well. With Fedders heat pump-centrai air conditioner, you get the best of both comfort worlds, energy-saving heating and energy-saving cooling—and you save on operating costs both ways. 

ROTOR-H ROTARY COMPRESSOR. Especially designed for heat pump operation. . sim ple... fewer moving parts... reliable... sm ooth... with Carblucon™ bearings for long life. 
Excellence since 1896 m a 

O PTIO NA L COMPRESSOR W A R R A N TY 

Because the Fedders ro ta ry com pressor is so re lia b le , so d u ra b le , Fedders is ab le to o ffe r an o p tio n al 
Full "(lab o r included) 
Second - Through - F ifth -Y e a r 
Com pressor 
W a rra n ty p ro v id e d the in stallatio n has b e e n p ro p erly c e rtifie d . 

FEDDERS 

J 

FULL W 

 r n 
^ 
TON 
IME $1oo 

REG. s49995 

Model ACL21E3HM 
21,oooBTU’s 
HEAVY DUTY OVERSIZE UNIT 

NOW 
ONLY$399" 

HURRY, QUANTITY LIMITED 

TWO GREAT FEDDERS FULL WARRANTIES 
FULL FIRST-YEAR W ARRANTY ON ENTIRE UNIT. 

FULL SE C O N D -TH R O U G H -FIFTH -Y E A R W ARRANTY 
ON CO M PRESSO R. 
See W arranty Certificate for com plete terms and conditions. 

* * 
^ F E D D E R S ROTARY COMPRESSOR simple . . . fewer moving parts . .. more reliable .. . smooth 

AVAILABLE FROM YOUR FEDDERS DEALER LISTED IN THE YELLOW PAGES 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
Page 
I 

A ll sale prices good thru A pril 3oth 

Where America shops 

SfcAKS, ROEBUCK AND CO. Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 
Sears 

2o% to 33% 
OFF 

ROIJGHHOUSERS casual jeans and color-cued tops 

If your kids are murder on jeans, get Roughhousers 
. . . from Tough Jeans Territory, our shop carrying o nly h a rd w earin g je a n s . T h e y ’re a P e rm a - 
Prest®iblend of Dupont Dacron® polyester and cot­ ton. And on sale! 
o 99 
I C|69 
*JP to A \ J 

Regular $ 4 .9 9 to $ 1 5 .9 9 

Boys’, girls' and teens' jeans 

Girls* sizes 3-Ox, reg., slim , reg. $ 4 . 9 9 .......................... 
3 . 9 9 
Boys' sizes 3-(>x, reg., slim. reg. $ 5 .4 9 ................................. t.1 9 
Bovs* sizes 3-1o. reg., slim. reg. $ o .9 9 ............................. 
5.59 
Husky Plus vvaist sizes 23-34 iii., reg. $7.99 ........................ (>.39 
Teens* \v.list sizes 27-34 ill., reg. $ 8 . 9 9 ............................ 
4 . 19 

Peens' leather trimmed jeans waist sizes 27-34. reg. $15.99 
.................................... 1o.99 

Boys', rugby-style shirts 

T h e bright "rig h t look with jeans! Assorted stripes ami solids. Perm a-Prest fabric of polyester and cotton. 

Little !>o\s" si z es 3-<>\. reg. $ 3 . 9 9 .............................................................t . | 9 
B i g g e r l > o \ s si z es S.W.L i 3 - | o i . reg. $ 4 . 9 9 .......................................... 1 . 9 9 

T e e n s ' s i z e s S S . S . M . U n r i g - s l e e v e k n its . reg. $ 9 . 9 9 .... (>.(»(» 

Teens" si zes S S .S .M .L I 32-12 ill. i llest I. reg. $ 5 . 9 9 ..................... 1 . 7 9 

Downtown IMn/n Store 
Soledad iii Navarro 
Mon. and Thor*. 9:.‘|o -9 
Ml oilier dav> 9;3(M» 

Military Drive Stori ill Pleasanton lid. 
Mon. thru ""at. 
9:3o-9 

 t enlrnl Park Store 
Sail Pedro al Loop I 1o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Girls* short sleeve peasant tops 
Great with jeans. In Perma-Prest® fabrics ol polyester and cotton gauze. And now reduced. 

Little girls' sizes 3-(»\, reg. $ 4 .4 9 ...... 
■**• *** 
Big girls' sizes 7-14. reg. $ 5 . 9 9 .................................. ...................... 

RoucjKhoui.eivv jeans It ens cm 

Tough Jeans Territory 

P a g e 
2-M 
S a n A ntonio EX PRESS-N EW S— S u n d a y April 2 4 I 9 7 7 
J** 
Pine finish Open Hearth... a tribute to past craftsmanship 

Handsome 4-pe. bedroom suite 
Regular *899.95 

Furniture Prices Good thru tuesday. ^la\ .tisi 
‘iterV ^ r?r ^r'T^*' ^ 
W y J Wi• I*!*I ' KHbrVWM 

8 8 o .o o Pine straight chair .......... 67.5 o 
8 1 3 9 .9 5 Night stand ................... 
12o.88 
$ 2 8 o .o 5 Lingerie chest ............... 2o o .8 8 
$ 2 1 o .o 5 King headboard ........... I 7o.88 
8 2 8 o .o 5 B lanket chest ................. 2o o .8 8 
$ | 1o.o5 Bocking c h a ir 
12o.oo 
Many Open Hearth accessory pieces not shown a ls o o n sale! 

SAVE 1o%-15% 

Spanish Lace design 
Outdoor Furniture 

O u r largest and dee p est w eb-style seating p ie c e s , w ith p o lis h e d , t u b u l a r a l u m i n u m frames. Copolymer straps and polyvinyl tubing in a strong, one-over-one weave tor comfort. 
White, molded plastic armrests, rust-resistant hardware. Frames fold easily. 
8 8 7 .o o Chaise lounge ...................................... 8 8 .8 8 
8 2 7 .o o Hocker .................................................... 2 1 .8 8 
$ 1 o .o o Chair ...................................................... 
16.88 

Prices Good thru Sat.. April 8oth 
15-2o% OFF 
Country mixables... 

 washable bedroom fashions to mix or match 

Create your own special look with fresh country fashions in multi­ 

 color earth tones or pastels. Everything coordinates, so mix and 

 match any way you want. All are cotton anti polyester, cotton or 

 polyester anti rayon for ease of care—just machine wash anti 

 tumble dry. Put together a great look anti save! 

Patchprint bedspreads 

Quilted throw-style spread in 
Country 
Patch pattern, with all polyester fiberfill. 
$ 2 6 .9 9 Twin ............................21.9 7 
Matching priscillas 

Ruffle trim, with attached val­ ance, tiebacks. 96x68 in. long. 
8 1 9 ,9 9 9 6 x 81-in. long, p r............................................. 8 1 6 .9 7 

Kegular 829.99 
97 
Full 
23 

Kegular 8 I 7.99 
1497 

Oilier matching accessories: pillow shams, tier curtains and bouffant bedspreads not shown are available at Sears regular low prices. 

SAVE *15o 
Op en Hearth 85%-in. sofa 

Even the living room 
Xk rn n is authentically styled. 
>r 
Wood trimmed seats. f J 
J J 
Nylon covers. Pine and pine veneered tables. 
Regular 8499.93 
$4-49.95 o2-in. denii sofa ........................ 869.IM) 
8829.95 Accent chair ................................ 279.oo 
$ I 79.95 Sofa table .................................... 159.oo 
$189.95 Ottoman ...................................... 1o9.oo 
$189.95 Octagon cocktail table .............. 159.oo 
$ I 49.95 Drawer-end. square, hex, or cocktail table ................................. 129.oo 

SAVE #5o 
81-in. family room sofa y 

R elax in com fort on rn ■ wing-back scats. Olefin covered cushions. W7itb 
o W % pine frames. Mar-resist- 
A lli­ ant table tops. 
R egulars 429.9., 
$239.95 Lounge Chair .............................. 2o9.oo 
889.95 Cocktail or end table ..................... 79.oo 
8 429.95 8-pe. Bar set ............................... 387.oo 
$599.75 5-pc. Gam** sri ........................... 535.oo 

SAVE *2oo 
7-pc. dining room suite 

Include: 
• 54-in. buffet, hutch w 
• 4 catkin side chairs 
J 
• I2\6o*in. table extend. 
„ 
, 
|o() to 8o i i i . with 2 leafs 
Dine Early American style on saddle-seat chairs. With a fine veneered table top. And spacious hutch. In pine and pine veneers. 

$ 1oo.oo Arm chair...9o.oo 
$299.93 Dry slnk...269.88 

91711 
Play/record stereo 
15988 

R egular 8 1 8 9 .9 5 
Has record change! 

Stereo system plays and records 8-track tapes. 
A M /FM stereo radio for broadcast music and a record changer for your favorite albums. 
It has two 13-in. high speaker enclosures. 

4o-channel CB mobile unit 

CR radio lias S /R F meter, vol- 
Kegular 899.95 time and squelch controls. 
Quick disconnect power cords. i i O U 
W ith mounting bracket. 
4 
J ? 

Where America shops 
Prices Good thru S atu rd ay April doth 

SEARS. R O EBU CK AND CO. 

 ltf* »>*. i tv 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thura. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Rib 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro al Loop I IO 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

I H 
I 

I HIS AD IS OI R WORD 
It is balked by Sears Advertising Policy which requires every advertised item to be supported in each store with sufficient merchandise . . . 
If we should run out of any reduced price item during the sale, we will reorder for you at the sale price. This does not apply to special pur­ chase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited. 

SPARS PRICING POLKA : If an item is not de­ scribed as reduced or a special purchase, it is at its regular price. A special purchase, though not reduced, is an exceptional value. 

4-water level washer 

Regular $299.95 while 

SAVE 

* 5 o 
, 
THIS 
SALE 

21.ooo BTUH air conditioner 

Regular $479.95 
AM 
^ 
I k C l 
HIGH EFFICIENCY model 
/ B 
J ? ^ 
J o 
? ^ 

High efficiency model has big cooling power, Sn 
* 
MF per Thrust feature. 4-way directional control lets 
J R - WMmWm you direct air. 

18.ooo BTI ll window air conditioner, model 77189, regular $.199.95 ............ 369.95 
12.ooo BTllll High Efficiency air conditioner, model 77129 regular $369.95 349.95 

77o58 

5 ,o o o BTI II window air conditioner 

Carry tile cool from room to 
Regular SIoo.o5 room ! Lightweight, econoni* 
^ ft C ical. 2-way air control plus 
I 
/ ■ s «■* exhaust setting. 
184 

TMH I 

4 5 o o BTUH room air conditioner 

Regular h»w price 
$ 

Portable air conditioner list s ordinary house current — is light enough to be easily car­ ried from room to room ! 
129 

 asher ami dryer prices good through April 89 

\ir conditioner prices good thru April .’WI 

2571 
Sensing probe shows you food’s temperature an it cooks. Precise! 

Continuous cleaning 
Kenmore gas range 
3 1 9 ’5 

Specially coated oven interior works to clean away food splatters at normal baking temper­ atures. Lift-off cook top. Lo-Temp oven con­ trol. Black jdass with Visi-Bake® door. 

Range *aie priced thru April HO 

Sears Best 
Microwave oven 

Regular $899.95 
Vt Iii Ie 
Regular $ 199.95 with probe 399 95 

Precision cooking with infinite settings from 
9o to 625 watts. Sensing proble holds food at temperature you select. Complete with tim­ er, instructions. 
Oven sale priced thru May I I 
SAVE ‘3o on Sears 

 deep-cleaning Powermate® vacuums 

1.9-H P (peak) vacuum 

19.1 cu. ft. frostless, icemaker 

Regular $989.95 
95 

 w l u t e 

 deluxe 17.o cu. ft. icemaker refrigerator 
95 
Regular 
$539.95 
629 
489 lute 

12.72 cu. ft. refrigerator section h a s i n s i d e c o l d w a t e r t a p , 
Humidrawer', beet keeper. 6.34 cu. ft. freezer. Hookup to water supply is optional at extra cost. In white. 

All Frostless throughout, with icemaker that makes ice and stores it automatically. Spacemaster half­ width shelves that adjust as needed, Humidrawer" compartment to seal in moisture and freshness, re­ versible doors, 4 rollers and much more. Ice maker hookup to water supply optional at extra cost. 

Refrigerator prices good thru April 39 

Where America shops 

SEA R S, ROEBUCK AND CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Use Sears Easy Payment Plan 

Regular $159.95 
129 

Al! the advantages of a canister and an upright vacuum in one. With 1o-in. wide beater brush, 
4 pile height adjustments. 

V • ’ Db 

2.5-H P (peak) vacuum 

Regular $189.95 
95 
169 

Powerful vacuum has heater brush that sweeps a 12-in. sw ath. Has 4 pile height adjustments. 
Triple filtration system for cleaner exhaust air. 
Made of high impact plastic. 

 vacuum* "ale priced thru luc*dav. April 29 

Downtown Plata Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mon. and Thur,. 9:311-1 
Alt other dayt, 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store al Plea-anton Md. 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

 t antral Park Store 
San Pedro al Coop 41o 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9 

—■in.,. NEU. II Bt III ll IM ID STOM? s (most item- and -erviees -bown aho at Neighborhood M ore,)—a 
Valley-lli 
9b2 Bandera Rd. 
Harry urr.baeh al 
I Ht Ml s ^ w Whit, ltd. 
Universal City 
674-5511 
432-2391 
Rilliman 826-9578 
333-291o 
1633 Pal Booker Rd. 
63H-7|9| 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 
Jesse Castillo’s ambitions took wing 

- ■ it i — i i■ 
1111111 him 
- 
- 
„ 
. . j u. 
. IL. 
I change between Mexico and th< 

JESSE CASTELO 

By VERONICA SALAZAR 

Jesse L. Castillo’s 17 years of d ed ication , loyalty and hard work have been worthwhile and fruitful. His goal has been ac­ complished. 

When he joined Mexicana Airlines in 
19Bo as a reservations agent he set a goal to reach the highest position he could with the company. 

He’s well on his way. On March IB, 
1977, he was named regional sales manager — the highest position held by any San Antonian in any airline serv icing San Antonio. 

He loved to play with airplane mo­ dels as a child. “ I remember wanting to work for some big airline doing an­ ything . . . just like any child who aspires to become a fireman or police­ m an,’’ he said. 

The native of San Antonio was born on July 18. 1928, to Antonio Castillo and 
Concepcion Lopez Castillo. He is the oldest of three children and was reared on Ll Paso Street and lived there until he joined the service. 

Castillo recalls his father working 

 day and night to help support the fa­ mily — making $7 a week. “ It was a hard stru g g le for my father. He worked days in a funeral home and nights at a casket company. Yet he w ouldn’t allow us to work. 
He preferred for us to go to school and spend our free time studying,” he said. 
Supplement 

But the time came when young Cas­ tillo had to supplement the family in­ come. He went to work for a food store at the age of 12. 

“ My father allowed me to do this so I could learn to work for a living — and most of all. to keep me off the streets.’’ he recalled. During junior high and high school he worked at a clothing company. 

During World War II Castillo en­ rolled in a six-month program building planes at Sidney Lanier High School. 
“ It was here where I got more inter­ ested in aviation,’’ he said. Unfortuna­ tely, he could not continue the aviation training because he dropped out of school as a sophom ore to join the 
Marine Corps. 

Jesse eventually graduated from 
Lanier through the Marine Corps. 

DEDICATION REWARDED 

After his discharge he enrolled at St. 
Mary’s University and studied busi­ ness adm inistration under the G I. 
Bill. He also helped his father in the fam ily b usin ess. Mission F u n e ra l 
Home. 
Ambitions 

All this time Castillo has not forgot­ ten his ambitions as a child — that of working for an airline company. The closest he could come to airplanes was w orking at Kelly AFB in data processing, which he did for four years. 

Having the experience in data pro­ cessing m ach in es, he went to the 
Mexicana Airlines office to apply for a data processing job in Mexico City. 
Instead there was an opening as a re­ servations agent. 

Jesse took it. 

Within three months he was sent to 
Dallas to open a new Mexicana reser­ vations office. 

He returned to San Antonio in 19B5 and was promoted to sales representa­ tive covering seven states. He was the first recip ien t in 
1973 of the 
“ President’s Inner Circle Award’’ for his sales efforts for Mexicana Airlines in the U.S. and Canada. 
Dignitaries 
D uring his nine y ears as sales representative he had the opportunity to meet the president of Mexico and numerous governors from different states in the republic. 

In 1974 he becam e d istric t sales manager and in 1977 was promoted to regional manager. 

Castillo feels a great deal of satis­ faction because he is accomplishing hts^goal. In Mexicana Airlines there are only IO regional m anagers and 
Castillo is the only Mexican-American. 
The others have either been tra n s ­ ferred to the U.S. from Mexico, or are 
Anglos or Cubans. 

He strives for increased tourist ex­ 

 change between Mexico and the U.S. 

Castillo credits his success to his wife and children for their devotion and understanding. As sales represen­ tative he spent three weeks out of each month away from home. 

He puts a lot of emphasis on educa­ tion for his children, as his father once did for him. “ Education is the only way to get ahead and the more educa­ tion one has the more doors that will be open,” he says. 

Castillo is a m em ber of the Pan 
American Optimists Club and of the 
Parent-Teacher Council at Providence 
High School. 

He is married to the former Mary 
Louise Riojas and they have three daughters and one son. 

Read W ashington 

W atchdog 

Jack A nderson 

 in the San Antonio Express 
SHISH 

Save *3o on 7-in. sander-polisher 
6 9 " 
Regularly $ 9 9 .9 9 

Rugged Craftsman 7-in. disc sander-polisher has 2 speed settings of 46oo rpm and 36oo rpm. Develops maximum I HP. Has 1oo% hall bearing motor for long life! 
1/2 Price 

Latex flat wallpaint 

Regular $9.99 
4 ”gal. 

O ne-coat covers any color. 
W a s h a b le , c o lo rfa s t, r e ­ s is ts s p o tt in g g r e a t for traffic areas. In 14 colors. 

Caro.,:, 

Limited warranty 

Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkm ark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years shown in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back. 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for the application of any paint. 

Paint So. i 
Coal 
Wa-hablr 
Colorfast 
*tain removal 
Spot resistant 
Dura­ bility 

8 7 o o 5 
IX 
3 vr*. 
3 vr*. 
3 yrs. 

7 o o o 5 

Paint So. 
I • .OHI 
Washable 
So I hall. 
Staining 
Son 
Yellowing 

2f>6o/> 
IX 
J H U Q 
S 
I yr*. 
I vr*. 
4 vr*. 

3 2 o o 3 
IS 
I vr*. 
I yr*. 
I- vr*. 

Sale price* thru Vi ell.. Vpr. 2< 
Sears 

SAVE *1o 
$ to 2o on these 5 warranted portable electric tools 

I 723 I 

Your choice 
99 
39 each 

A. $59.99 Scroller® saw 
Develops maximum % HP, o-32oo spin. 

I 73o 

Has G-inch cutting stroke. 

B. $54.99 heavy-duty router 
Develops maximum 7s HP with 23.ooo rpm no-load shaft speed. Rail hearings. 

C. $49.99 variable-speed drill 
Develops maximum V i -HP,o-6oorpm. 
Mj-in. capacity. Reversible. 

D. $ 5 9 .9 9 dual-action sander 
Develops maximum Vs HP with 4ooo spin no-load speed. Rail* roller hearings. 

Sale price thru W ed., Apr. 27 

Save $3 on your choice exterior latex Hat or gloss 
8" 
R e g u l a r S I I .UU gal. 

(.lo** finish latex h ou sp -lrim paint covers with just one coat. Washable comes in 33 attractive colors. 
S o ars B«*st latex h o u se -tr im paint is Sears most durable exterior Hat. 28 great colors. 

I 73 TR 

Save f I IO 
2 horsepower air compressor 

Regular $ 3 4 9 .9 9 
239" 

D elivers 8.3 SCFM at 4o 
PSI, 123 PSI maximum . 
2o-gal. ASML air tank. 

 m il anil 1-impw<* 
LATEX y 
SEMI 
GLOSS 

 acrylic 

o o 6 3 
2ooo 

3 on interior semi- oss or exterior flat 

Regular $ 7 .9 9 
#al* 

L a tex s e m i- g lo s s , easy application and cleanup. 
Great for kitchen and bathrooms. In IO colors. 
E x terio r flat h ou se p aint, gives one coat coverage. 
Great on wood, stucco or masonry. 21 colors. 

SAVF, *7o 
I horsepower air compressor 

Regular $ 2 7 9 .9 9 

,99 
199 

Where America shops 

 s l a m s . H o t b u c k a n d c o . 

Satisfaction G uarantied or Your M oney Bach 

Delivers 6.6 SCFM at 4o 
PSI, IOO PSI m axim um . 
Has 12-gallon air tank. 

Sale p riee thru 
S at.. Apr. 3 o 

8-light chandeliers 

SAVE 
3o to 
*4o 

Save $ 2 o , 5-light chandelier 

J o 9 9 
R e g . $ 6 9 .9 9 
^ * 7 7 

Bronze ami crystal glass give an aura of warmth. 
Elegant. Bulbs extra. 

 a. Regular $ 1 o 9 .9 9 adds the rom ance of rich a n tiq u e d bronze, the sparkle of crystal glass. Bronze arm s, canopy and colum n with 8o-prisms. 
69" 

 l». Regular $ 8 9 .9 9 chandelier brings a to u c h of e le g a n c e. Im p o rte d c ry sta l glass in a pineapp le design, an tiq u ed bronze colum n. 72 brilliant prisms. 

5 
9 
9 9 

Sale priee thru S it!.. Apr. 3o 

D ow ntow n Plaza S tore 
S oledad at N avarro 
M on. an d T hurs. 9 :3 o -9 
AU o th e r days 9 :3 o -6 

M ilitary D rive S tore at P leasanton Rd. 
Moil. th ru Sat. 
9 :3 o -9 

C entral P ark S tore 
San P ed ro at Ixw p 4 1 o 
M on. thru S at. 
9 :3 o -9 

“ ■■"IN EH iH BORH O OD STO R ES (m o st item s an d services shown also at N eighborhood sto re s )■■« 
V alley-H i 
9 6 2 B an d era Rd. 
H arry W u r/b a e h at 
1 8 o o S.W .W . W hite R d. 
I niversal City 
6 7 4 -5 5 1 1 
4 3 2 -2 3 9 1 
R ittim an 8 2 6 -9 5 7 8 
3 3 3 -2 9 1 o 
1633 Put B ooker Rd. 
6 5 8 -7 4 9 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 197 7 

Save $25 on Sears Best garage door opener 

Beguine 
$199.95 
174?8 

 ncludi 
• and transmitter 
Solid state digital control lets you set your own personal code for added security. Key switch lets you open the door without using transmitter. Automatic safety reverse. 

$ 5 o Additional transmitters ................... 2 1 .8 o ca. 

IjMNtfn*,—. 
^ r y , — 
63981 

Sears IO x 2o-foot patio cover 

Sears price 

A l u m i n u rn c o n s t r u ct i o n . 
White enamel finish. Built-in gutter, mill posts. Adjustable mounting hinge. 
169 

7613 
*6o Off 
Kenmore Dishwasher Has 
Pot and Pan Cycle 

Regular $ 2 7 9 .9 5 

Installation extra 
219 88 

Pushbutton controls for pots and pans, normal or light w ash, Sani-cycle, rinse/ hold. With forced air drying, Power Miser drying temperature switch. Two front panels for white, colors. 

$15 off! Kenmore® 

»/2-HP disposer 

R eg. $ 6 9 .9 9 548# l oud Haste disrober has a powerful 'ij-HF* motor, quick mount collar. 

Save $5o oil our best Compactor 

K e g . $ 2 4 9 . 9 9 J C )C )88 

1 6 9 o 1 

Paekb refuse into a neat lf a p for d isp o sa l. W itll touoh-toe opening. NX flite. 
66.) 3 

Sears 
Where America shops 

Save *1oo on this 8-HP, 
3-speed lawn tractor 

S A L E 

Regular 
599 

Cuts grass while you ride, use many optional lawn care attachments, too, like spreaders, lawn rollers, sweepers. Includes 32-in mower deck. 3 forward speeds. Dual headlights. Has electric start. 

$899, 1o-HP Lawn tractor 
799 

Save MOO on 1o-HP garden tractor 

SS-1 Series garden tractor 
R egu lar $ 1 1 9 9 

 has 6 speeds forward, 2 re­ verse. 55-in. inside turning radius. Attachments extra. 

14-1IF SS-1 Series garden tractor 

Regular 
$13 9 9 

9-gauge fram e1199 
1o49 

Isolated Craftsman" engine with cast iron block helps control vibration. 6 forward speeds, 2 reverse. Combination brake clutch pedal. Electric-start. Attachments extra. 

Save $ 1 o on insulating door 
£ Q 8 8 
Reg. $ 6 9 . 9 9 O J 

Aluminum door has con­ venient self-storing inserts. 
Crosebuck styling. 

•Som e sues special order. 

Save $2 on garden fencing 

I ^ 88 
Reg. $17.99 X t X mil 

I \ t-in. b o tto m mesh helps k e e p out sm all anim als. 
5o-ft. Ion;! roll. P o sts e \lru . 

Save $2 on lawn fence rolls 
I 7 88 
R eg. $ 1 9 . 9 9 I i 

Steel is galvanized, vinyl- coated. 36 in. high, SO ft. long. Gates, posts extra. 

Save 7o* on garden border 
Save $5 on fence charger 

Reg. $ 5 .1 9 
4 
79 roll 
44 88 

R o l l s are I I in. high, 2"> ft. long. XX ire i- eouled w itll x in \ I In re -i-t rust. 

Reg. 8 4 9 . 9 9 

Choose from 2 effeetive slun k frequencies. Charges iqt t<* 23 miles of fence. 

S A V E * 6 o * I OO on central air conditioning designed to save energy 
SALE 

Regular *565 
•5o5 

22,ooo BTUH condensing unit, A coil. 
Tubing, thermostat aud installation extra* 

Dependable, cool comfort. High efficiency sys­ tem features “ Silent Sentinel*' automatic con­ trol for the most efficient fan speed. Upward exhaust helps protect shrubbery. 

A\R 
MEN 

 for F;REE f 

HOME ■ 

System 
E.E.R. (Energy 
Effieienry Haling 
Regular 

 l ' " r ' .... 

Sale 
Prue 
22,ooo 
7 .o 
... 
$5o5 

2 5 , o o o 
7.8 
$595 
$535 
28,ooo 
7.8 
$625 
$555 
32,ooo 
7.8 
$69o 
$62o 

3 5 , o o o 
8.1 
$755 
... $ 6 7 5 t i , (H K! 
8.o 
$855 
$765 
18,ooo 
8.o 
$955 
$855 

A * 
.All system s rated in accordance with Air C onditioning and Refrigeration Institute S tan d a rd 21o-75. 
ESTIMATE 

$ 2 2 9 .9 5 , 8 o,ooo BTUH gas Space Saver furnace... 199.88 

Ask about Sears Credit Plans 
Sale prices thru Sat., April. 3oth 

SLAMS, ROEBUCK ANO CO 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Downtown Plata Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Mob. and Thor*. 9:3o-9 
All other days 9:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Bd. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at Loop 41o 
Mon. thru Sat. 
9:3o-9 

NEIGHBORHOOD S T O R E S > W i item* and sendees shown also al Neighborhood -tore*) 

Vallev-Hi 
962 Bandera Rd. Harry Wur^bach at 
18oo S.U .TC ti hue Rd. 
I ni»er->al City 

674-5511 
432-2391 
Rittiman 8 2o-9578 
333-291o 
16.33 Pat Booker Rd. 
658-7491 

. « , Ai „ •» .I «■ . J, 

P a g e 
6-M 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 

Automotive cent® 

. •'! 
$tx '' 
•: : 

.Maintenance-free battery, 

 yon never add water 

, AN E X C EPT IO N A L! 
!t> 

Regular %39.99 with trade-in 

Limited warranty on Heavy-duty P LU S shock absorber for as long as you own the vehicle lf Heavy-duty P LU S shock absorber (ails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return, free of charge, or the purchase price will be refunded, lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, we will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor lf the defective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, instal latten of the replacement shock absorber is not included under this warranty. This warranty does not cover shock absorbers installed on vehicles used for commercial purposes 

Battery performance characteristics rated for power accord­ ing to Buttery Council International standards (Group 24C) 

C old fran k in g pow er 
Reserve 
••■parity 
Amp. hour rapacity 
Num ber o f p lates 

TIO amps. 
1o7 minutes 
67 
66 

Choose this powerful battery with ex­ cellent cold cranking power to help give fast starting and reserve capacity for accessories. Top or side terminals. 
Fit most American-made cars. 

Other Sears 12-volt batteries (m aintenance- free, you never add water) start as low as 
1 9 . 9 9 ...................................................with trade-in 

Ask about Soars Diellard battery . . 

 now for Volkswagens, Marine use 

Sale prices shown in effect until (d a te ) 

 unless otherwise indicated 

*1o off 6-amp. car 

 battery charger 

21" 
$3 1.99 

Ampere damper lets you charge garden and other small batteries. 

$3 off 12 ft. battery cables 
Copper rabies. Heavy fluty copper­ plated steel clamps. 
99 

Save $3 Heavy-duty 
PLUS shocks 
6" 

Regular *9.99 

 f’f/v sw 

Qua 
PeedutH 

 d u a l o il f il t e r 

 each 

For safetys sake install new shocks on your car! T h e s e h e a v y - d u ty P L U S shocks fit most Am erican-made cars, imports, pickup trucks, vans. Fast, low- cost installation available. 

•1.33 off Penske 

 oil filter 

2 
6 b 

Dual filter! Inner filter helps trap particles outer filter mipht miss. 

Save 23% Sears 
Spectrum oil 

R egular 75' 

Sears best 
1oW -4o oil. 
Helps protec t c ar's engine in any weather or season. 

SAVE s5o, Sears Best auto air conditioners 

Regular *349.99 299" 

Custom-styled to fit most late model American cars, many imported cars. Staggered louvers spread cool, comforting air through your car. 
\\ itll pre-chill feature. Three speeds. 

•359.99 Custom air conditioning 
3 o 9 " 

Air conditioner Prices Good thru Wed., April 27th 

Oil and filter 

 change, 

 lubrication 
849 

Wheel alignment with front wheel balance 

Regular *2o.95 

Regular $ Ut. IO 

You get up to 5 quarts of Sears best. Spectrum 
1 o W -4o all w e a t h e r motor oil, Sears oil fil­ ter; and lubrication for cars equipped with f i t t i n g s . F a c t o r y sealed lubrication, 
$3.oo extra. 

1 5 
8 8 

Expert front-end a l i g n m e n t f o r m o s t A m e r i c a n cars. Those with air conditioning, t o r s i o n b a r s at extra cost. Parts extra. 

Limited warranty on maltier for as long as you own the vehicle lf tho muffler for American-made cars fails while the original purchaser owns the car, it will be replaced upon return, (roe of charge, or we will refund the purchase price, lf the defective muffler was in­ stalled by Sears, we will install the new muffler with no charge for labor, lf the defective muffler was not installed by 
Sears, installation ol the replacement muf­ fler is not inc.-ded under this warranty. 

R e - M > rust-euu si rig m o i s ­ ture! I it in cr OO'J of \m eri- cun-made cars. f ast, low-cost 

 installation a\ailable. 

T h e a lu m in iz e d m u ffle r to u g h e n o u g h to tie sold In S e a r s! 
18 
99 

Save $5 to $1o on sporty 2o-inch bikes 

A. Moto-cross style bike 

A Free S p ir it ^ bike with m o to ­ c r o s s s ty le s a d d l e , h a n d l e b a r s , knobby tires, front number plate. 
Silver and orange color. Not intended for stunting or off road use. 

B. Spyth 

The loo the ride is one that will please just about any young biker. Blue with a black banana seat and hand grips. 

 bike 

 is up to the minute and one that will - 1---- 

Regular $79.99 

13 9 8 8 

Regular $ 44.99 

3 
9 
8 8 

All Sale Prices* Shown in Effect thru \pril 3oth unless otherwise indicated 

Our Lowest Priced Radial tire 
Guardsman radial 

A 7 8 -1 3 w hitew all a n d o ld tire $36 

 phis* Si 1.84 
F.E.T. 

Tremendous values for radial tires! 2 fiber glass belts and 2 polyester radial plies help keep the tread flat on the road for responsive handling, great durability and long wear. 
(Guardsman black wall Sport- Radials .................... 2o.88) 

S c a r s G u ard sm an 
R a d ia l an d o ld tire 
V»arw price v h itc v all p lu s 
F .E .T . 
AR78-13 
36.oo 
1.84 
BR 78-13 
38.oo 
2.oo 
DR78-11 
38.oo 
2.27 
FR 78-11 
3o.oo 
2.41 
FR 78-1 I 
13.oo 
2.51 
GR 78- It 
15.oo 
2.6o 
HR78-1 4 
18.IMI 
2.88 
GR 78-15 
46.oo 
2.7o 
MR 78-15 
4o.oo 
2.o6 
ER78-I5 
51 .OO 
3.28 

Guardsman 4-ply 

Tough 4-ply tires with 

 hard-to-beat prices! Poly­ ester cord [dies help give 

\on a smooth ride. 

G u a r d s m a n a n d o b i t i r e 
"V- irs p r i e r 
M a * I w til 
, Ills 
I T T . 
478-13 
16.5o 
1.72 
B78-13 
18.5o 
I 82 f.78-1 4 
2o.5o 
2.o1 
E78-1 4 
21.(HI 
2.23 
F78-1 4 
22. oo 
2 37 
6 7 8 ,1 ! 
24.oo 
2.53 
56o-15 
2o.5o 
1.77 
(,78-15 
2 4.oo 
2.5o 
H78-1 5 
26.oo 
2.7o 

 rn a 

Super W ide tires 
Super wide \S S 7 o Iii*- a wide, low profile that 

 helps give great traction! 
Raised white lettering. 

Nr;*rs Htxprrw tdo 
TO HH I. an d o ld tire 
V *ar*. p rie r bt i r k * iii p lu s 
I F T . 
47o-13 
3o.oo 
1.o6 
E7o-I4 
36.oo 
2.41 
FTO-1 4 
38.(MI 
2.58 
I 
G7o-1 I 
4o.oo 
2.74 
117o-14 
41 .OO 
2.9o 
G7o-I5 
41.oo 
2.85 
H7o-15 
42.oo 
3.oo 

Our Lowest Priced Belted tire 
Guardsman belted 
88 
(>78-13 whitewall a m i ult! tire 
28 

 p lu s $ 2 . o 1 
F.E.T. 

I fiber glass belts and 2 nylon cord plies help provide outstanding durability and long tire mileage. 6 deep grooves and hundreds of sipe& for traction on both wet and dry roads. 

 xMounting and 

 rotation included 

 i * 
S>4 

G u a rd sm a n 
H elle d an d o ld tire 

S c a r s p ric e s h i t . . a l ! plus 
F .E .T . 

I < 
G78-13 
28.88 
2.o1 
D78-1 4 
2o.88 
2.12 
E78-1 4 
3o.88 
2.26 
F78-1 4 
32.88 
2 . 1 2 
G78-1 4 
31-88 
2.58 r H78-I 4 
36.88 
2.8o 
G78-1S 
3 4.88 
2.65 
H78-I5 
36.88 
2.88 
L78-15 
3o.88 
3.12 

Ask about 

Sears credit plans 

IS P 
B. 475 35 
Where America shops 

Downtown Plaza Store 
Soledad at Navarro 
Automotive Hours: 
Mon. and Thurt*. 7;3o-9 
All other days 7:3o-6 

Military Drive Store at Pleasanton Kd. 
Automotive Hours: 
Mon. thru Sat. 
8-o 

Central Park Store 
San Pedro at t.»»op HO 
\utom olive Hours: 
Mon. thru Sat. 
8-o 

 truck Tire Center 
I t l l V Haeklierrv 
228- IOO I 
Mon. thru Sat. 
7:3o-3:3o 
SEARS, R O EB U C K AND CO. 

UC'*' v tM S A ' 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES (m ost items and services shown also at \cighhorho<Kl stores) 
Valley-Hi 
‘*62 Bandera Rd. 
18oo S. Vt .W. Vi hite Rd. 
I niversal City 
674-5511 
432-23o1 
3 3 3 -2o1o 
1638 Pal Booker Rd. 
658-7 to I 

. ' " ■ I T 

A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
Pegie 1-P 

(A d ve rtise m e n t) 

COURT ORDERS 
DUTIES 

ON ELECTRONIC GOODS 

CONING FRON JAPAN 

Bv ROBERT J. COLE 

Casting aside U nited States G overnm ent 

 warnings of “ d isastro u s" po licital and 

“ e co n o m ic" consequences, a three-judge 

 panel of the U n ited States Custom s C o u rt 

 ye sterd a y o rd e re d T re a s u ry S e c r e ta ry 

M ichael Blum entha! to impose counter­ 

 v a ilin g d u tie s on Ja p a n e s e e le c tro n ic 

 equipm ent. 

The order, w hich stemmed from a suit 

 against the U n ited States by the Zenith 

R a d io C o rp o ratio n is designed to offset a 

 com petitive advantage given to Jap an ese 

 exporters by th e ir own governm ent. 

It w ill affect television receivers, rad ios, 

 ra d io - p h o n o g ra p h s , r a d io - T V - p h o n o ­ 

 graph com binations, radio-tape reco rd ­ 

 e rs , re c o rd p la y e r s , ta p e r e c o rd e r s , 

 tape players and color television p icture 

 tubes. 

The decision is regarded as so poten­ 

 tially explosive — both in the unsettling of 

A m erican trad e ties and in 
Am erican 

 pricing practices fo r Jap an ese electronics 

 goods — that a final ad jud ication is not 

 expected fo r several years. 

Supreme Court Case Possible 

“ You can be assured that an appeal w ill 

 be t a k e n , " a D e p a r tm e n t o f Ju s t ic e 

 spokesm an said. T h is would move the case 

 to the C o u rt of Custom s and 
Patent 

Appeals in W ashington and possibly, later 

 to the Suprem e C o u rt. The departm ent is 

 representing the governm ent. 

In W ashington, the Jap an ese Em bassy 

 issued the following statem ent: 

“ T h e Jap an ese G overnm ent greatly re­ 

 grets the decision o f the Custom s C o u rt. 

Th e decision disregards the established 

 international rule that the exem ption of 

 export products from internal taxes such 

 as the com m odity tax in Ja p a n does not 

 constitute a co u n tervailab le subsidy as is 

 cle a rly stipulated in relevant regulations 

 of the G en eral Agreem ent on Tariffs and 

Trade. 

“ T h e G overnm ent o f Ja p a n understands 

 that the U nited States G overnm ent w ill 

 make e very effort to win the case in the 

 higher courts in o rd er to reaffirm in tern a ­ 

 tional rules. The Jap an ese G overnm ent 

 strongly anticipates that the U nited States 

G o vernm ent w ill m ake every effort to 

 insure that the decision will not become a 

 serious b a rrie r to the furtherance of 

 in tern atio n al trade. 

“ In addition the Jap an ese G overnm ent 

 is determ ined to exam ine the possible 

 m easure it can take in this re g a rd ." 

N o A g reem ent in Tokyo 

T h e ruling followed by only a few days a 

 report from 
Tokyo that Jap an ese and 

Am erican negotiators had failed to reach 

 an agreem ent on restraining a heavy flow 

 of Jap anese co lo r television sets to the 

United States. 

The U n ited States In tern atio n al Trade 

Commission has ruled that A m erican m ak­ 

 ers have been h u rt by Jap an ese im port. 

President C a rte r must decide w hether to 

 grant im port relief. 

Z e n ith , w h ic h p ro d u ce s la r g e ly 

A m erican -m ad e electro n ics eq u ip m en t, 

 petitioned T reasu ry Secretary D avid M . 

Kennedy seven years ago to impose a 

 countervailing d u ty on Jap anese im ports 

 on the ground that Ja p a n gave a “ b o u n ty " 

 or “ g ra n t" to its m anufacturers to en­ 

 courage them to ship goods abroad by 

 forgiving certain taxes. 

A cou n tervailin g duty, unposed by the 

Treasury Secretary, would elim inate the 

 com petitive edge enjoyed by a foreign 

 m anufacturer. Sin ce taxes ranging from 5 

 to 4o p e rc e n t w re fo rg ive n by the 

Jap an ese, the U nited States would have to 

 impose a sim ilar duty, depending on the 

 product. 

Last year. Treasury Secretary W illiam 

*E. Sim on rejected the petition on the 

 ground that such forgiveness was not a 

 bounty or grant under Am erican ta riff 

 law. Zenith then sued the G overnm ent 

 under the Trade Act of 1o71 to determ ine 

 whether, in fact, such a bounty of grant 

 existed. 

In its suit. Zenith reiterated its conten­ 

 tions that the forgiveness o f taxes on 

Jap an ese electronics good con ferred a 

 d irect or indirect benefit on such exports. 

The U nited States m aintained its position 

 that such forgiveness was not a bounty of 

 grant. 

In a unanim ous decision yesterday. 

Ju d g e Scovel Rich ard so n , Ju d g e B e rn a rd 

Newm an and Ju d g e Nils A. Boc ruled that 

Ja p a n 's tax forgiveness was a bo unty or 

 grant w ithin the meaning of the 193o T ariff 

Act. 

Estim ate o f B o u n ty O rd e re d 

They ordered the T reasury Secretary, 

 e ffe c tiv e im m e d ia te ly , to e stim a te the 

 bounty or grant and to order Am erican 

 customs officers to assess countervailing 

 duties. 
T h e ord er included 
“ electronic 

^products exported from Ja p a n , entered or 

 w ithd raw n from w arehouse fo r consum p­ 

 tion on o r after the day following the date 

 o f entry of this order. " 

G o vernm ent attorneys said the appeal 

 would delay im position of the o rd er and 

 that no notice would be given to Am erican 

 im porters of the possible new duty. H o w ­ 

 ever. they added, it was “ in e v ita b le " that 

 im porters bringing in Jap anese electronics 

 good would receive so-called “ suspension 

 o f liquidation " of duties notices. 

I bis would mean that if. on app eal, tin- 

G overnm eiit lost th*- ease, im porters would 

 face add itional duties. The risk is viewed 

 by some im porters as substantial since 

 they have no idea how much they might 

 have to pay at some undeterm ined future 

 date. 

Ju d g e R ich ard son noted th at, w hile the 

T reasu ry interpreted its role as deciding 

 for itself w henever a bounty o r g rant was 

 excessive, and, therefore, subject to co u n ­ 

 te rv a ilin g d u ties, “ this A d m in is tra tio n 

 in te r p re ta tio n is in c o n flic t w ith the 

 decisions of the Suprem e C o u rt o f the 

U nited 
States construing the co u n ter­ 

 vailing statute, and must y ie ld ." 

I he 
T r e a s u r y 
S e c r e ta r y , 
Ju d g e 

Rich ard son said, must discharge his re­ 

 sponsibility in accord with the Congres­ 

 sional intent in that statute as in terp reted 

 by the Suprem e C o u rt. 

In a separate opinion, Ju d g e N ew m an 

 said the cou rt was “ not oblivious to the 

 p o ssib le ra m ifa c tio n s c o n c e rn in g th is 

 co u n try's trad e relations with J a p a n " but 

 contended that the court was bound to 

 interpret and app ly the law “ u n restrain ed 

 by extra-legal co n sid eratio n s." 

In a third op inion . Judg e Boe. com m ent­ 

 ing on trade w arnings by the U n ited States 

G o vernm ent, said that the courts were 

 b e in g urged increasingly to rule “ in the 

 light of p ro p h e sied economic o r po litical 

 c ris e s ." He m aintained that “ the ju d ic ia ry 

 should not nor cannot serve as the alter 

 ego of the executive or the Congress. 

R ep rin ted fro m the New 
\<>rk lu n e s . 

A P R I L 1977 
A NO-NONSENSE ANNOUNCEMENT 
OF URGENT IMPORTANCE FROM CUSTOM HI-FI 
U.S. CUSTOMS COURT 
RULES TO IMPOSE IMMEQgflTE, iiS iliiH A L 
PRICE INCREASES ON MAJOR STEREO BRANDS 

1 ■ WHAT DOES THIS 
TO YOU? 
Whether you're considering stereo for the very first time or planning on expanding your present system, BUY TODAY TO BEAT THE PRICE 
INCREASE. FUTURE PRICES ARE SUB­ 
JECT TO AS MUCH AS A 15% INCREASE. 
2. WHICH ORANDS ARE EF 
FECTED: PIONEER, SAN­ 
OW, MARANTZ, TEAC, 
ONKYO AND SONY, TO 
NAME JUST A FEW OF 
THE OEST. 
3. A WORD ABOUT TODAY'S 
CURRENT LOW PRICES. 

S ttT L S u i- 

BELT DRIVE 
MANUAL 
TURNTABLE 

MODEL SR-22 
$99 

CARTRIDGE INCLUDED! 

 c 
. — d<!> PIONEER 
STEREO CASSETTE DECK WITH DOLBY 

TEAC 
The leader, always has been. 

REEL-TO-REEL 
RECORDER 
MODEL A-23ooS 
$379 

We will continue to offer the boldest savings TRINITRON PLUS possible and we will hold prices down on all COLOR TELEVISION items in current inventory. However, these WAREHOUSE PRICES ONLY prices are good only while present inventory ^O phone QUOTES PLEASE lasts. SHOP EARLY FOR BEST SELEC­ 
TION. UNFORTUNATELY, W AREHOUSE 
I J f t f B 
J JA «■■■■■* mmm M 
\ J F 
I I 
QUANTITIES ARE LIMITED ON SOME 
C 
V 
C l l 
I TLT \ J t 
| / 
\ 
/ i 
TUT i V 
I C . 

MODEL CT-F2121 
$149 

4-WAY SPEAKER 
MODEL HPM1oo 
$193 

IN DASH AM/FM STEREO CASSETTE 

MODEL KP4ooo 
$128 

S cLTLSTJ-L 

MODEL 6o6o 

AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 

$299 q * - n o n ti 

ITEMS. 
STORE HOURS 
SUNDAY 
4 A . A SEE US TODAY AND BEAT 
I V " O 
THE PRICE HIKE. 

CREDIT AVAILABLE: 

# FINANCING AVAILABLE ON A P­ 
PROVED CREDIT 
# USE OUR NO INTEREST LAYAWAY 
(IF YOUR SHORT OF CASH, LAYA­ 
WAY IS A GREAT WAY TO BEAT THIS 
PRICE INCREASE) 
# M O ST MAJOR C RED IT C A R D S 
HONORED 

ALL 3 LOCATIONS OPEN TODAY! 

6738 SAN PEDRO 
.............8 2 8 -2 8 8 8 
7515 HWY 9oW (LACKLAND PLAZA • • • .......................673-6461 
3925 FREDERICKSBURG RD 
733-o221 

 it 

^______San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 I 9 77 

SALE PRICES GOOD 
MON. THRU SAT. 

LADIES' 
TANK TOPS, 
HALTERS 

YOUR CHOICE 
$3 EACH 

Easy wearing summer knits in casual polo hoher or stretch halter or stretch top styling. Choose from nylon cotton or polyester in riobed or flat knits. 
Sizes SmaB-Medium-Lcrge. 

LADIES' 
DENIM 
SHORTS s3 EA. 

D e n im s , c h in o s , in In d ig o beige. B o y cuts. Prints. 5-15 
'a n d 6 16. 

64 OZ. BIG RED 
SODA 
55 
LIMIT 

FAMILY PACK 
CRACKER JACKS 
$1 
2 FOR 

PAPER 
NAPKINS 
2.88 
< 

PLAYING CARD 
ASSORTMENT 
$ 
FOR 
3„sl 

JUST S A Y , 
"CHARGE IT! 

BOYS' TOPSALL 
UNDERWEAR 
BRIEFS OR 
T-SHIRTS 

• 
# 

 ii 

$I 
OFF 
REG. 
PKG. OF 3 

KaW polyester/cotton briefs or T-shirts fully cut for comfort. White only 

MEN'S POCKET 
TEE SHIRTS 

NOW $ 

Slightly irregular full cut cotton knit with reinforced neck. In sizes small, medium, large lorger, extra large. 

> 
SHOP IHE EASY WAY AT WOOLCO JUST S AY..."CHARGE IT! 

GIANT FLOOR 
CUSHIONS 
99 
3 
REG. 5.97 

Great d e c o ra tiv e a c c e n t is 
- - great for e x tra se a tin g . In assorted upholstery fabrics. 

VELVET TOSS 
PILLOWS 
2„*6 
REG. 3.88 

R a y o n v e lv e t in a s s o r t e d sh ap e s and decorator colors. 

VELVET 
BEDSPREAD 

REG. 

1 5 ” 
■ V r e g . 

TW IN 
17.97 

FULL 
19.97 

SHREDDED FOAM 
BED PILLOWS 
244 
REG. 2.97 

F o a m filled h y p o -a lle rge n ic bed pillows. N o w is the time to buy and save at W oolco. 

TWIN & FULL 
BED SHEETS 
2 J 6 
REG. 4.23 

A sso rte d patterns and colors. 
S lig h t ly irre gu lar. M a c h in e w ashable. 

2.5 OZ. BAN 
ROLL-ON 
88* 
REG. 1.o2 

A n tip e rsp ira n t in regular or unscented formula. 

11 OZ. BRECK 
HAIR SPRAY 
77 
REG. 1.o9 

C h oo se regular or super hold form ulas for extra control. 

ACTION GAME 
ASSORTMENT 

 i ” 
REG. 1.57 

Select from a w ide selection of a sso rte d g a m e s for chil­ dren. Great for the rainy days. 

KODAK 
11o,126,136 
2o EXP. FILM 
1 25 

REG. 1.29 

K o d a k film in c o lo r pack. 
Hurry in now and buy several at this low price. 

YASHICAMG1 
CAMERA 
95 
69 
REG. 99.95 

F e atu rin g a fully electronic, a u t o m a t i c r a n g e f i n d e r . 
C o m e s C o m e s com plete with carrying case. 

*1] 

2o GALLON 
AQUARIUM 
YANK and KIT 
2488 

REG. 32.95 

2 o gallon all g la s s tank, with kit. Includes pum p, filter, and tubing. W o o d to n e color. 

SMALL COMET 
GOLDFISH 
8 t 
LIMIT 

REG. 29c 

Sm all com et goldfish at this lo w price m ake ideal p ets. 
E a sy to care for. Very little expense. 

ADJUSTABLE 
PORTABLE GRILL 
97 
I 
WOOLCO PRICE 

3 position grill. Extra sturdy. 
N o bolts, N o nuts, Slide in. 
Slide out. Big enough to cook a meal. 

STEAM AND 
DRY IRON 

9 2 2 

REG. 11.97 

D U R E V E R . co rd se t will not fray. 25 steam vents for over­ all distribution. Polished alu­ m inum soleplate helps p re ­ vent starch build-up. #F63 

ADJUSTABLE 
IRONING BOARD 
*22 

REG. 8.97 

S tu rd y m etal c o n stru c tio n , v e n tila te d top. A d ju s ta b le level control. 

LUBE OIL AND 
FILTER SPECIAL 
7 88 

In clu d e s new A C E oil filter, and 5 quarts straight weight or 1 o W 3 o oil of your choice. 

INTERIOR-EXTERIOR 
HOUSE PAINT 
2 st $6 
GAL. 
FOR 

 late* that's eas y to apply Dries fast Woter clean up. 

CRAPPIE JIGS 
ASSORTMENT 

5 < r n 
EA. 
REG. IO' EA. 

Feather like jigs m ade to look like flies. Ideal to use instead of bait. 

FLOW TROLL 
MINNOW BUCKET 
44 
5 
REG. 6.99 

Live bait bucket of noiseless, rust proof, dent proof poly ethylene. 

*/« LB. 
MONOFILAMENT 
FISHING LINE 
$I 
REG. 1.37 

C h o ice of 6 8 1o 1 2 -1 5 lh. test line. Hurry in n o w and save. 

 r 
W OOLCO M A K E S IT E A SV IO SHOP 

_ tu E f li 
S ANK MKE H IC A nO “ A S T I B CHARGE 
1*oo1 CO C A R D 
* Convenient Ttme - Payment k 
* Convenient Lay-Away Plan 

W OO LCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES— NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RD. 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
732-2211 

48o3 WEST 
527 FAIR 
2214 S.W. 
271o AUSTIN 
COMMERCE 
AVENUE 
MILITARY DR. 
HWY. AT WALZEM 
434-9481 
533-8166 
924-1441 
653-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

 r BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

REPLACEM ENT OK M ONET C H O U REFjiN D EQ J 

Episcopalians choose leaders 

The Rev. Scott Field 
B ailey, bishop of the 
6o-county Episcopal Dio­ cese of West Texas, has announced the diocesan board m e m b e rs and co m m ittee m e m b e rs elected at the recent An­ nual Council of the Dio­ cese. 
T hree-year Standing 
Committee members are the 
Rev. 
E arl 
N. 
M cA rthur, All Saints 

Church, Corpus Christi; and layperson Mrs. F. B. 
Cochran Jr., Church of the Good Shepherd, Cor­ pus Christi. 
A one-year Diocesan 
E xecutive 
Board member is the Rev. Wil­ liam D.* Koons, St. Ste­ phen’s, Goliad. 
T h re e -y e ar term mem bers are the Rev. 
Stanley F. Houser. St. 
Mark’s, San Antonio; the 
AF college to hold graduation 

The first Community 
College of the Air Force 
(CCAF) graduating class will receive their degrees 
Monday at 
Lackland 
AFB. 

Fifteen of the 272 degree recipients will at­ tend the ceremonies with the remainder receiving th e ir d eg rees in c e re ­ m onies conducted at th eir home bases and commands. 

The 15 a irm e n and noncom m issioned of­ ficers here re p re se n t m ajor com m ands, the 
Air National Guard and 
Headquarters, Air Force 
Reserve. 

Gen. 
W illiam 
V. 
M cB ride, 
Air 
Force vice-chief of staff, will deliver the com m ence­ ment address and Gen. 
John W. Roberts, com­ mander of the Air Train­ ing Com m and (ATC), will confer the degrees. 

Airmen receiving the degrees range in rank from airman first class through senior m aster sergeant, and come from career fields as diverse as aircraft maintenance, data p ro cessin g and weather forecasting. 

Like all CCAF g r a ­ duates, the degrees were earned through a com­ bination of Air Force training and courses at civilian colleges. 

First 

The graduates will be the first enlisted person­ nel ever to receive col­ lege d eg rees from an armed service. 

ATC was authorized to grant the degree in early 
1977, follow ing congres­ sional and presidential approval and a review of 
ATC training programs by the U.S. Office of 
Education. 

Receiving associate of applied science degrees, the graduates are among more than 5o,ooo enlisted personnel throughout the 
Air F o rce who are e n ­ rolled in CCAF p ro ­ grams. 
Officials at the college, which recen tly moved from Randolph AFB to expanded facilities at 
Lackland, expect enroll­ ment to increase rapidly as Air Force personnel become m ore aw are of the value of the degree. 
Award of the first degrees comes only five y ea rs a fte r CCAF was established. Previously, the college had awarded career education certifi­ cates. 

Rev. David Wendel. St. 
John’s, New Braunfels and the Rev. C harles 
Dobbins, Good Sheperd, 
Corpus Christi. 
Layperson board m em bers include Mrs. 
John W. Black II, Church of the Advent, Browns­ ville; 
Mrs. 
Rollins 
Rubsamen, St. M ark’s, 
San Antonio; Lt. Col. 
(retired) Joe R. Shafer, 
St. Andrew’s, San Anton­ io; John R. F’oster, St. 
Jam es’ Church. Del Rio; and Dr. Robert Johnston, 
Trinity Church. Victoria. 
T ru ste e s of the 
Episcopal Church Corp., three-year terms, are the 
Rev. Rayford B. High 
Jr., St. Francis’ Church, 
V ictoria, and laym an 
Jess Ward, St. Philip’s, 
Uvalde. 
Others 

Trustee of the Univer­ sity of the 
South, 
Sewannee, Tenn., is the 
Rev. J. Rufus Stewart, 
Church of the Advent. 
Brownsville. 
Re-elected as general officers of the diocese were the Rev. Richard 
U rban, Church of the 
M essiah. Gonzales, se­ cretary; John Jockuzch, 
St. M ark’s San Antonio, treasurer; Jack Hebdon, 
St. Mark’s, San Antonio; and M rs. M ary Ja n e 
Adams, St. Mark’s, San 
Antonio, registrar. 

TEXAS STATE BANK 

Elects New Assistant 

Personal Loan Officer 

LUIS M. RODRIGUEZ 

Graduate J.F. Kennedy High School in 1971; attended 
Trinity University on a Texas State Bank Scholarship and graduated 1975 with BA in Business Administration. Fol­ lowing graduation, he joined Texas State Bank Opera­ tions Department. Prior to his promotion to Loan Officer, 
Luis was employed as Loan Department teller. 

The bank withaHeart 
TEXAS STUTE BANK 
Haw A » t i w i o . T * x * h 7822o 

811 So. W.W. WHITE RD. 
333-621o 
FOIC 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666; 

1ooo Hints to Better Living 
1977 San Antonio 
Home, Flower & 
Garden Show 

Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Wednesday, April 27 - Sunday, May I 

HOME REDECORATING 
★ New Ideas - Products, Techniques for the Modern Home 

HOME ENTERTAINMENT 
★ The newest in television, radio, sound systems, games and musical instruments. 

BACK YARD & PATIO LIVING 
★ From swimming pools to lawn mowers and outdoor plants. 

SPECIAL Gardening and Plant Clinics Hosted by 
Bill McReynolds and featuring speakers such as 
Dr. Jerry Parsons, Terry Wilbourn and Edith Sarge. 

MOTOR HOME & 
TRAVEL TRAILER LIVING 
★ The latest in motor homes, fifth wheels, tent campers, pickup campers and travel trailers. 

★ PLUS ★ 

Mobile Homes • Kitchen Utensils • Furniture • Nurseries 

SEE! Southwestern Bell's Educational Display. 
SEE! Hundreds of indoor and outdoor plants for sale. 

Wed. Night - April 27, Ladies Night 
All Ladies Admitted Free. 

One Price for Everything-Adults $2. OO Children (6-12)5oo 

Wednesday through Friday, 5:oo P.M. till 1o:oo P.M. 
Saturday 1:oo P.M. till 1o:oo P.M. 
Sunday 1:oo P.M. till 7:oo P.M. 

\ 
A 

A'S¥ 

San Antonio EXFRESS-NEWS— Sunday,April 24 1977 
Poge 3-P 

FOR YOUR 
CONVENIENCE 
FRIE 
NATIONAL'S GIGANTIC 

You haven't really seen savings until you see the buys we have in store for you. We must reduce our inventory immedi­ ately, so w e're offering you big savings on quality furniture and accessories. See for yourself . . . sale starts Monday at 9 a.m. Come Early For Best Selections. 

Bassett 
T I* beauty L<> ut the KU I ' < 
5-PC. KING SIZE 
BEDROOM SET 

NIGHT 
STAND 
$69.95 

• TRIPLE DRESSER 
• 2 FRAME MIRRORS 
• 5-DRAWER CHEST 
• KING SIZE HEADBOARD 

CROUP CONSISTS OF: 
REG. $499.95 

NEW SHIPMENT OF SOFA SLEEPERS 

3-PC. 
DINETTE 

ROUND 
FORMICA 
TABLE 
& 2 CHAIRS 
REG. $59.95 
SETUP 
AND 
DELIVERY 

IS 
A 

 n# 

WALNUT FINISH 
BOOKCASE 

WITH SLIDING G LASS DO O RS 

IN SMART 
CONTEMPORARY 
STYLING 36" HIGH X 36" 
HIGH x 15 V DEEP 

REG. 
$49.95 

I O'PIECC 
H EAVY 
CAST 
IRON 
POTS 
Vi 
PRICE! 
•*28 

REG. $56 
E Z -T E R M S 

WHILE 
SUPPLY 
LASTS!! 

4-PC. CONTEMPORARY BEDROOM GROUP 

3-PIECE LIVING ROOM SET 

C o n te m p o ra ry 
Living Room G lam our 

A boldly proportioned group, including sofa, loveseat and chair. It s abundantly cushioned for deepest com fort and 

 tailored in fashion herculon fabrics. 
REG. $449.95 
95 

PARKING 

IN SHOP 'N' PARK 
LOT BEHIND OUR v STORE&jtorner o fv 
Market and Presa 

SE HARLA ESPANOL 

SAVINGS 
UP TO 

OTTOMANS 

ALL 
3 PIECES 
FOR ONLY 
LOW, LOW DOWN PAYMENT 

9 'x i r 
C A W fT S tf® 
CANDY 
STRIPE 
REG. $69.95 
$4938 

SCULPTURED 
WALL MIRROR 

• BEAUTIFUL 
GOLD SCULPTURED 
FRAME 
• PLATE MIRROR 
REG 19.95 

COLONIAL DROP LEAF TABLE 

MAPLE FINISH 
4 o"x6o" 
REG. $89.95 
OO amus 

R i c h l y c a r v e d 
2 o "x 6 o " cocktatl table 
2 7 "x 2 4 ” hexagonal table 
24 x24 " Commode table All with double door storage compart­ ments 

FIVE-PIECE DINETTE 

REG. 

*69.95 

3 6 ” R ound w a ln u t tone 
Formica Top Table with 4 wide-back chairs in glisten­ ing bronze tone finish. Your choice of newest patterns and colors. 
Low D ow n P a ym en t 

PORCELAIN SINK AND 
CABINET 

V? 

 mm* rn mm* *• 

BIG 66" 
WIDE 

D o u b le D ram . D o ub le 
Sink 
Complete W ith Fau eel large full Drawers, Lots of storage Space Below. In white, copper, avocado or gold. 

BankAmepicard 
FR EE 
PARKING 
IN REAR OF 
STORE 

» 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy April. 24 1977 

Prices good in San Antonio and Universal City thru April 27, 
WI. We reserve the right to limit quantities. None sold to dealers. 

ONLY AT PIGGLY WIGGLY THE 
McCall's Cookbook 

This Weeks Feature 
Volume 14 
"Show Off" ONLY 

I 

GERMANY 

VALUABLE COUPON WORTH *3.oo 

TOWARD THE PURCHASE OF THIS WEEK S FEATURED H e il 

LARGE PLATTER 

■ is 

Our Reg Discount Price 
Coupon Savings 

Your Price (with coupon) $11.99 

Si *99 
3oo 

In the pattern of your choice 

COUPON GOOD THRU 

April 3o. 1977. 

“Each of these advertised items is required to be readily available for sale at or below the advertised price in each store, except as spec­ ifically noted in this ad." 

Arrow 
CHARCOAL 

1o1b. 

Bag 

White 
PAPER PLATES 

Arrow CHARCOAL 
LIGHTER 

Fine Fore 
CATSUP 

IOO 

Ct. 

Qt. 

Qt. 

Rain Check Policy 

 lf we are sold out of the sale item you particularly wanted, we will g la d ly g iv e you a “ R ain 
C h e c k ' gu a ra n te e in g you the sale price if presented within 3o days. 

Piggly Wiggly 
Bath Tissue 

Farmer Jones 
Sliced Bologna 

4-Roll 
Pkg. 

12-oz. 
Pkg. 
69* 
95c 

Piggly Wiggly 
Liquid Bleach 

Armour or Butterball, Any Size 
Hen Turkeys 

64-oz. 
Btl. 

Lb. 
39* 
59* 

PIG G LY W IGGLY COUPON 
SAVE Z F 

I W 
W 

 en you buy one (1) M b . Pkg. Regular or Jaiapeno, 
Cheese 
£> 
Velveeta 

*£> 
With this coupon. 
5 o 
Coupon expires April 3o, 1977. 

 a 

PIGGLY W IGGLY COUPON I W 
W 
o i 

_ a 
When you buy two (2) !2 -o z. Cans Treat 
/•> 

<35 
<35 
<35 

■SAVE 25° ■ buy two (2) 12-uz Ca | H| 
Luncheon Meat 

S D 
With this coupon. 
Coupon expires April 3o,1977. 

<35 
<3 
<35 
Ap 

S D 

S PIGGLY W IGGLY COUPON m f 
SAVE Z F 

£ o ^ ^ ^ W h e n you buy five (5) 5’j-oz. Pkgs., All Varieties rfjn* ,/*, \ 
. . 
/ 
/ _ ■ .-X t 
( 
/ 
* 
, 
• 
\ 
\ 
. 
■ ■ G M Tyme Mixes 
I 

P PIGGLY W IGGLY COUPON 
QuP QuP Que* 
I 
SAVE Z F 

 hen you buy one ( I ) 2-Pk. 1o-In. Pkg. M rs. Smith’ s 
Pie Shells 

" PIGGLY W IGGLY COUPON 
8 

S B K 

 m r 

<35 
<35 
<35 
When you buy one (I) 1oo-Ct. Pkg. Upton 
<% 

With this coupon. c X 
Coupon expires April 3o, 1977. 

PIGGLY W IGGLY COUPON 

S D 
With this coupon. 
£ o 
Coupon expires April 3o, 1977. 

5rf & & & & & & & & & & & & & & 

<3 
SD 

SAVE Z F 

L u y one ( I) 1oo-Ct. p l 
Tea Bags 

< o 
With this coupon. 
5 o 
Coupon expires April 3o,1977. 

<35 
<35 
<35 

<35 
<35 
<35 hen you buy one (1 ) 4o-Lb. Bag Top Soil, Peat Moss or 
I SAVE 25c| 
B o e (1) 4o-Lb. Bag Top Soil 
Cow Manure 

Witft brit coupon. 
Coupon expires April 3 o ,19 77. 
X & & 
& & & & & & £ > 
& & SS 

SAVE 5o° 
When you buy one ( I) 8-oz. Revlon Milk Plus 6 
& 
Y r 
I Shampoo & Conditioners 

SD 
% 
£ o 
With this coupon. 
Sfc 
SC 
Coupon expires April 3o, 1977. 

SAVE S F 
When you buy one ( I) 16-oz. Revlon Flex 
Conditioner 

o5 

With this coupon. 
Coupon expires April 3 o ,19 77. 
<35 

 s t i n t s 
SSS? 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 9 7 7 

 t it o y * : 

■, 
Si 

' * ■ rf* 
W a*. 
\ 
, 
‘ 
X 
P l| ^ A l r 
?M 
. . 
V <■,,*. 
HTV I . M X - rf. • 
1H hit 
“ ' *7/// 
\ sJlpPll 
» ' I 

 iS l& i 

 lf. 
I 
# | 
. rf1 
$>$»[?> 

#r 

Prices effective 
April 3o, 1977 

 through 
Storewide 
We’ve cut h over 5o% of our stock! 

Electronics 
Was 
Now 
CB Radio 
16*114o 
99.95 
59.95 
Auto Tape Player 
16*548 
34.77 
29.88 
13” Color TV 
122-6113 
319.95 
288.oo 
TV Game 
122-6o98 
79.95 
44.95 
25" Color TV 
122-7323 
529.95 
519.88 
Portable Radio 
12o-62o2 
4.49 
3.99 
Clock Radio 
12o-6192 
54.95 
44.97 
Cassette Player 
123-63oo 
29.95 
24.88 
8 Track Stereo System 
123-632o 
119.77 
99.oo 
16" B&W Sylvania TV 
122-7516 
149.95 
139.95 

Sporting Goods 
■ Was 
Now 
Fishing Basket 
62-1215 
3.29 
2.33 
Was 
Now 
Ambassador Casting reel 
6o-15o 
39.95 
36.88 
Shotgun Shells 
Zebco 2o2 Spin 
2 o ,1 6 ,1 2 gauge 
63-35,55,81 
2.99 
2.77 casting reel 
6o-265 
3.49 
2,47 
Jimmy Connors Tennis Racket 64-457o 
13.77 
11.88 
Zebco 3 3/1 Spin 
Wilson Tennis Balls 
64*444o 
2.77 
2.5 7 cast Reel 
6o-289 
12.88 
1o.99 
Basketball 
64-536o 
9.95 
9.33 
Zebco Spincast Rod 
Skateboard 
64*4413 
17.77 
15.88 and Reel set 
6o-1o22 
9.99 
6.99 
8x1o Cumberland Tent 
64-6o95 
1o9.95 
99.99 
12 gauge Model 12oo 
Bicycle Speedometers 
12-359/36o 
8.76 
7.88 
Winchester Shotgun 
63-514 
148.77 
144.88 
Bicycle Headlight 
12-546 
3.66 
2.97 

Housewares 
Hardware 

Was 
Now 

Clairol Lighted Mirrbr 
2o-778 
16.97 
14.88 
Proctor Silex 
Coffee Magic 
69-58 
31.88 
29.88 
G.E. Electric Knife 
69-415 
16.88 
13.88 
Dazey Seal A Meal 
69-412 
12.88 
1o.88 
See ’N Take Loaf Pan 
71-467 
2.77 
2.47 
Pyrex Pie Plate 
74-41 
1.29 
99* 
G.E. Toaster Oven 
69-139 
37.97 
34.88 
12 Quart Presto Canner 
71-154 
39.88 
34.88 
8 Pc. Club 
Aluminum Cookware 
71-65o,652 
54.97 
49.97 
2o Pc. Corella Dinnerware 
74-4oo,4o2 
34.88 
31.97 

Was 
Now 
Growco Spray Paint 
3-162o-53 
1.o9 
88* 
Catalina 5 Way Latex 
Exterior Paint (gal.) 
3-31o8-22 
9.44 
8.44 
Pan and Roller Set 
6-262 
1.47 
99* 
3 /4 ” Masking Tape (6o yds.) 
6-7o8 

 ap 
OO co 

57* 

6 Ft. Aluminum Step Ladder 
6-9o5 
23.44 
19.99 
Air Conditioner Filters 
13-84o-85o 
78* 
54* 
G.E. Smoke Alarm 
14-43o5 
34.88 
32.88 
Hirsh Metal Shelves 
14-9oo8 
16.66 
13.99 
G.E. Light Bulbs 
15-312-15 
4 /1 .4 8 
4 /1 .3 3 
21 Pc. Tool Set 
22-851 
11.77 
9.77 
Black & Decker Workmate 
22-126o 
89.97 
74.88 
Black & Decker 
7 Vi” Circular Saw 
23-2o 
26.99 
24.99 
16 Ft. Stanley Tape 
23-156 
9 2 8 
7.88 
Everyready C & D Batteries 
42-142-44 
2/78* 
2/66* 

Lawn & Garden 
Was 
Now 
Lawn Chair 
83-5 
5.95 
4.99 
Sun Lounger 
83-39,4o 
12.88 
1o.88 
4 ft. Lawn Swing 
83-75 
19.97 
17.88 
Oscillating Sprinkler 
84-257 
4.49 
3.99 
2 Gal. Hudson Sprayer 
84-422 
16.95 
15.88 
Leaf Rake 
85-1o6 
1.98 
1.79 
Bow Rake 
85-1o3 
6.98 
6.49 
Spading Fork 
85-111 
8.49 
7.98 
Dandelion Weeder 
85-148 
2.29 
1.98 
Hose Hanger 
85-38o 
79c 
67 
5o ft. Va” Garden Hose 
85-397 
2.98 
2.44 
5o ft. 5 /8 ” Garden Hose 
85-399 
4.98 
4.27 
Weed Trimmer and Edger 
87-253 
59.97 
3 8 8 8 
18” Push Mower 
87-257 
89.97 
77 OO 

Free installation sale $42 exchange 
Maintenance free battery, our finest Never needs water or any type of maintenance. 
Heavy duty plates provide extra reserve capacity. 152-4oo o1 o2 

B E Goodrich 

12 cu. ft. Catalina Refrigerator/Freezer. 
Features special energy saving trimwall foam construction, automatic temperature control, egg storage, dairy chest and sliding crisper. Door conversion allows for right or left-hand door, beautiful acrylic enamel finish. Use your Whites 
EZE charge and own it today. White finish. 13o-5o1o 

SPEED QUEEN 

 sale s269 
Save 3o. Reg. 299. 
Speed Queen heavy duty washer, large family capacity washer with 5 water temperatures, permanent press cycle and safety lid switch. 145 772o 

 sale $199 
Speed Queen dryer. All fabric 4 cycle Speed Queen electric dryer with temperature selection and multi-cyc'e timer. 145-781o 

At Whites you can save on famous B.F. Goodrich tires 
B.F. Goodrich Lifesaver Radials, 2 full steel belts and 2 polyester cord plies surrounded by computer developed traction blocked tread, the tires built to give you miles and miles of excellent service. 
Free mounting 

Tire Size 
F.E. Tex 
Reg. Price 
Sale Price 

BR78 x 13 
|2 Ob 
58.88 
51 8 8 

ER78 x 14 
2 47 
67.88 
59 88 

FR78 x 14 
2 65 
7o.88 
62.88 

GR78 x 14 
2 85 
73 88 
64 88 

HR78 x 14 
3 o4 
77 88 
68 83 

GR78 x 15 
2 9o 
7 7 88 
68 88 

HR78 x 15 
3 I 1 
79 88 
7o 88 

I JR78x 15 
3 27 
81.88 
78 88 

I LR78 x 15 
3 44 
87 88 
77 88 

Free delivery within 
Whites service areal 

'Plus F E Tax on each tire 

WHITE S ADVERTISING POLICY 

O w PWT , m tanM n >• to h p .* att K tvpni toe Homo in .la c . on ow' anon to * an 
>o. arm od open lo not .coapts* tot any vntoto tM n f*o *on W hit* • pun 'M u* • 
M W O C C * Or. roowoot let (ho mart**ndta* et rn* #a(*p.ic* « n *n it i t * , anabia or VIP a f Bt • compotator# nam al a airn!.JI r abaction in pttca 

□ 
Use Whites 
EZE credit plan. 
Your choice sale 9.88 

Front end alignment 
Adjust caster, Adjust camber, Adjust toe, Road 
Test (most cars). 

Rotate and balance 
4 Wheels, parts and labor. All 4 tires rotated and bubble balanced, (mag wheels extra). 

Repack front wheel bearings 
Remove front wheels and bearings. Clean and repack with heavy duty lubricant. Most Cars 

LACK’S SAN PEDRO 
San Pedro at IH-35 
LACK’S COLISEUM 
9 4 3 Coliseum Road 

SALE! BUNK BED from our Tahiti collection in 
. yellow , com plete w ith bunkett. 
I only! San 
5 | t i l l 
Pedro....................................................................................... 
I V W 

CREDENZA in a varied selection o f 
_ 
- - styles. 
O ne group 
* w hile supply 
U 
/ . 
| | 6 
* lasts. San P e d ro ................................... 
“ v /O V I I 

SALE! LIV IN G R O O M , select groups 
_ 
- - o f sofa, loveseats and sofa, chairs. 
| j # 
# 
Lim ited qu an tity. San P e d ro to tm \W XU V I I 

P A IN TIN G S ! O ne group o f oil paintings in a w ide 
^ ^ _ assortm ent o f subjects. W hile supply lasts. San f y l f 
P e d r o ............................................................................................. 
Mm 

BEDR OO M GROUP. 8 pieces including full size m attress and box spring. I only! San P e d ro 
A 
W 

LIV IN G R O O M . Includes charm ing sofa, loveseot $ O O O and m atching chair. I only! San P e d r o .................. 
A 
W 

HOUSEFUL o f furniture. Living room , be d ro om ▼ 
Q w U and dinette. I only! San P e d ro ................................... 
W M W 

BED D IN G . O ne group o f discontinued Sealy . m attresses and box springs in tw in, f u l l , 5 C O queen and king. San P e d r o ................................ tm W ea. pc. 

LAMPS. Special assortm ent o f discontinued styles. S C 
Limited num ber - w hile supply lasts. San P e d ro tm ea. 

EARLY AM ERICAN sofa and chair in 
_ _ a warm brow n upholstery. I group 
C | T 
U 
/ . only! San P e d r o ......................................... t J \ W /U 
V I I 

PORTABLE 
TELEVISION by 
Sanyo w ith 
1 2 ” diagonal black and w hite screen. 
2 only! San 
Q 
P e d r o ....................................................................................... 
M M 

LIV IN G R O O M w ith sofa, loveseat and chair 
^ 
M \ g \ in an a ttra ctive rust stripe upholstery. I only! 
O 
O 
San P e d r o ........................................................................... 
" 

J V USA J 
A l A ll 

W ALL UNIT. Special sale o f dark finish, upright w all S C O bookcase units. 5 only! C o lis e u m ................................... tm% 9 

SALE! LIV IN G R O O M , sofa and loveseat in a 
^ 
_ dram atic g ra y /re d Herculon upholstery. 2 only! ^ 
o 
o 
o 
C o lis e u m ................................................................................. 
A rn rn 

D IN IN G GROUP w ith six colonial chairs and 
^ 
_ table. Save $ 1 o o today on this 7 piece col- 
5 J lection. Regular $ 2 4 9 .o o ! 
I only! Coliseum . . . . 
■ 
W 

IIV IN G 
R O O M 
TABLES. Special closeout o f 
A m 
P.V.C. pipe style tables in various designs. W hile 
$ C supply lasts! C o lis e u m ......................................................... tm eO . 

ACCESSORY TABLES. Large assortm ent o f living room tables in diffe re nt sytles. O ne group reduced $ 
o 
o 
4 o % and 5 o % . Coliseum ............................... as low as A rn 

6 PIECE BEDROOM w ith double dresser, m irror, ^ headboard, full size m attress, box spring and 5 
o 
o 
o fram e. Dark oak finish. I only! C o lis u e m ............... 
A A A 

D O O R CHEST in French Provincial styling, mini-size. $ 
o 
o 
1 only! Save $ 6 2 .o o ! Coliseum 
................................... w 
M 

D IN IN G R O O M TABLES. O ne assortm ent o f odd dining room tables in various styles. W hile supply ^ lasts! Values from $1 2 9 .9 5 to $ 2 4 9 .9 5 ! Coliseum 
........................................................................................ as low as 
■ " 

K IN G SIZE BEDDING. 
Large assortm ent o f 3 ^ piece sets in assorted ticking. Includes 76 x 8 o ” 5 | L 
L mattress and tw o foundations. Coliseum. . as low as ■ W W 

SOFA SLEEPER in fake fur upholstery, brow n color. 
2 only! As is! C o lis e u m .......................................................... tm W 

N IG H T 
STANDS. 
O ne group from $ 3 9 .9 5 to $ I Q 
$ 7 9 .9 5 . Assortm ent o f styles. Coliseum . . as low as 
" X 

PARTY BAR w ith padded arm rest. 
$ Tj o 
^ 
5 only! C o lise um ................................................................ 
I 
" 

LACK’S SOUTHSIDE 
9 3 o S . W . M i l i t a r y D r iv e 

PLANTER 
STAND in w hite decorator design, oblong shape, gallery rail. Floor sample 
- 
5 only! 
Regular 
$ 9 7 .9 5 ! 
$ 
/ | o 
S outhside........................................................................ 
■ W 

SAVE $ 1 3 1 .9 5 ! TUB CHAIR in am ber gold velvet. 
Floor sample 
- 
I only! 
J U Q 
Regular $ 2 2 9 .9 5 ! S o u th s id e ................................ 
W M 

REG. 
$ 3 2 9 .9 5 
5 
Pc. 
D IN IN G with glass to p tab le, chrom e finish base and four chairs in white vinyl. I only - as is! 
5 | A l l 
Southside 
................................................................ 
I W 
M 

Sensational Storewide Savings From 

7 PC. SPANISH LIV IN G R O O M with sofa, loveseat in persim m on and olive velvet, 
3 tables and 
2 decorator lamps. 
Regular 
$ 8 3 9 .9 5 ! 
I only! 
$ 
A 
A 
A 
S outhside................................................................... W W W 

SAVE 
$ 1 8 2 .o o ! 
APARTMENT 
SIZE 
SOFA in rich rust velvet upholstery. I only! Floor sample. Regular $ 3 5 o .o o ! 
$ I A 
O 
S ou thsid e.................................................................. 
■ M M 

SAVE $ 2 7 1 .9 5 ! 5 PC. PARTY SET w ith octagonal pedestal, black slate-like top and 4 castered chairs. 
I only! Floor 
5 J B 
U sample. Reg. $ 4 5 9 .9 5 ! Southside 
............... I M M 

ALL W O O D SHELF UNITS, upright design w ith adjustable shelves in pecan finish. 3 only - flo o r sample! 
Reg. 
$ 1 3 9 .9 5 to 
$ Q Q 
$ 1 7 o .o o . S o u th s id e ................................................. MW 

AM 
PM 

It isn’t often that w e have a SUNDAY SALI for ALL LACK'S of San Antonio! It has to be for something VERY SPECIAL! TODAY IS SUCH A DAY! Shop ALL Lack’s this SUNDAY for 
Substantial SAVINGS on HUNDREDS of grear buys in furniture, carpet, bedding (ex* eluding Posturepedic), appliances, TV's and more! There comes a tim e when w e have to clear our floors of discontinued items, ones of a kind, floor samples and .isms that we have just to much of! So join the crowds of smart San Antonio hom em akers today at your nearest Lack's! Chances are very good you’ll find just w hat you're looking for a t your kind of price ... very affordable! Be here and save! All subject to prior sale. 

BUNK BED, tw in size in am ple or pine finish, w ood parts only with metal bo lt on rails. 2 only! Regular $ 1 3 9 .9 5 ! Southside . 
$88 

SAVE $ 1 5 1 .9 5 ! CORNER GROUP in­ cludes 2 loungers, 2 bolsters and lift­ ed corner table. Covered in black and white houndstooth and vinyl. I only - 
. m — flo o r sample - as is. Reg. $ 2 9 9 .9 5 ! 
$ 
| 4 x 
Southside 
................................................................ 
■ 
■ W 

LANE BEVERAGE CABINET in maple with 25 piece glass set. I only - floo r 
5 
| A 
Q sample! Regular $ 3 o o .o o ! S o u th s id e 
■ ^ J M 

REG. 
$ 7 9 .9 5 ! 
ARTIFICAl PLANTS w ith lighted bases. 
8 only 
- floo r sample! 
5 i i Q 
Southside 
..................................................................... 
W 
M 

REG. $ 2 2 9 .9 5 ! LA-Z-BOY RECLINER, w all-aw ay styling in rich brow n vinyl. 
I 
5 
| C Q only - floo r sample! Southside ....................... 
■ tm W 

A c . ON OVER 68% OF 
U r r OUR FLOOR STOCK! 

LACK’S NORTHWEST 
4 54 ^Fredericksburg Road 

SAVE 
$ 2 o o ! 
BROYHILL 
SOFA w ith gold and green velvet upholstery. 
I 
W Q only! N o rth w e s t................................................. w rn rn 

SAVE $ 1 5 o .9 5 ! CREDENZE, Traditional styling in yellow . 
I only! 
Regular 
^ Q 
Q 
$ 2 4 9 .9 5 ! N o rth w e s t..................................................... 
W W 

SAVE $ 1 6 1 ! SO FA, Traditional design with a warm gold and brow n leaf pat- 
. tern. 
I only! 
Regular 
$ 5 4 9 .o o ! 
S O O 
O 
N o rth w e s t............................................................. 

FLOOR 
SAMPLE 
CLEAR­ 
ANCE of odd living room and bedroom chairs in 

N o rth w ts ts' yle.5: .,o.only!..5o% Off 

CONTEMPORARY LIVIN G R O O M w ith sofa and loveseat in burnt orange 
. geom etric design. 
I only! 
Regular 
5 / | P 
P 
$ 8 4 9 .o o ! N o rth w e s t........................................... 

SOFA 
A N D 
LOVESEAT in em erald green corduroy velvet. Floor sample. I 
Q only! Regular $ 6 9 9 .o o ! N o rth w e s t................. 

BROYHILL D IN IN G w ith pedestal table and four cane back chairs, in yellow finish. 
I only! 
Regular 
$ 5 6 9 .o o ! 
$ O 
H 
M 
N o rth w e s t............................................................... 

EARLY AM ERICAN sofa and loveseat w ith dark pine finish trim and nylon plaid upholstery. Floor sample. I only! A / f Q Q 
Regular $ 7 1 9 .o o ! N o rth w e s t.......................... 

SPANISH 
BEDROOM with dresser, night stand, door chest and full /queen A 
^ size headboard. 
I only! 
Regular 
/ 
Q 
$ 5 8 9 .o o ! N o rth w e s t...............................................* ? A # 

K IN G SIZE MATTRESS. Special closeout o f 
Sealy king size mattress. 
2 only! 
5 Q 
Q 
Regular $ 1 8 o .o o ! N o rth w e s t................................ MM 

LAMPS, one group o f various styles. W hile lim it- 
_ 

 ed supply lasts - 35 only! 
/ Q 
O i l 

AREA RUGS by M illiken in a w onderful 
. selection o f patterns, 6 ‘ x 9 ' size. 9 only! 
Regular $ 1 4 9 .o o ! N o rth w e s t............................. 
W W 

SAVE AT ALL 4 LACK’S 
TODAY ... 1o AM TO 6 PM! 

HUNDREDS OF UNADVERTISED 
BUYS 
AT 
ALL 
LOCATIONS! 
BRING 
YOUR 
TRUCK 
OR 
TRAILER AND HALL AW AY THE 
GREAT BUYS OR USE LACK S 
CONVENIENT DELIVERY! 

J . J . X A fi 
A 
A 
JL ..t 

Sports on 
TV, Radio 

Sunday 
Dan Cook, 
TF^ 
Baseball, 
Express-Vow s 
 k^P_ML 
^ J r JB.w JBL 
P a g e rs 

I 

April 24 1977_________________________ ______________ 

 circle of kids who get around 

I am looking forward to the last week. I came to try and improve my all-around game. I wanted to get rid of some bad habits.” 
Sipple, who has been at the ranch for about three years, said he was not at all surprised with the youngsters' abilities. 
“They are about where I expected,” 
Sipple reported. “ I think the biggest trouble they had was getting adjusted lo the faster playing surface here. 
“They have had to modify their style some. Back in Manila, they play on a court made of shell and that is very slow.” 
But Sipple and the kids admitted, perhaps, the biggest change is going from parttime tennis player to fulltime tennis player. 
Their day at the ranch begins with breakfast at 8 a.m., moves to the court from 9 a.m. until noon. Lunch follows and it’s back on the court from 3 p.m. until 6 p.m. 
Tournaments, tips and even some tennis movies fill the evening hours. 

“ It is quite a change going from a two-hour-a-day, three-day-a-week ten­ nis player to a six-hour-a-day, seven- day^a-week player,” Sipple said. “ It is really hard on their muscles at first. 
“ That is primarily why we do not work even more on callisthenics. If you ran them also, you would not get an­ ything out of them.” 

“ In Manila, I might play about at hour or so and get exhausted,” Reyes said. “ Now, after three hours, I can keep on going.” 
“ I came here because I wanted to build up my stamina,” Feliciano ad­ mitted. “ And I wanted to discipline 

See TENNIS, Page SS 

Lanier 

Zarate by KO 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
INGLEWOOD, Calif.— Carlos 
Zarate knocked out his former sparring partner 
Alfonso 
Zamora in the fourth round of a battle between two unbeaten bantamweight boxing c h a m ­ pions Saturday. 

Zarate, 119, the World Boxing Coun- 

 f 

 cil champion, bloodied Zamora’s nose in the first round, bruised him around both eyes in the second and knocked him dow n in the third. The end came at 
1:11 of the fourth. 
Zamora, 119%, the World Boxing 
Association champ, was down twice from left hooks in the fourth before his father threw in the towel and then rushed across the ring to attack Za­ rate’s manager Cuyo Hernandez. 
Handlers and pohce seperated the 

 two. who have been at odds since Her­ nandez once managed both Zarate and 
Zamora, both of Mexico City. 

Neither fighter had his title at stake in the scrap, scheduled for IO rounds at the Forum. Yet Zamora lost prestige after winning all 28 of his fights via knockout. 

It was Z arate’s 47th trium ph, his 
46th by knockout, without a defeat or draw. 

Tigers walk 
YVT on Waves 

Bv KEVIN O KEEFFE 
O f THE EXPRESS NEW S STATE 
Trinity, getting superlative play from its top four singles players and all three doubles teams, gained some revenge 
Saturday afternoon and blasted the Pepperdine Waves, 7-2, in a tennis dual match at the Trinity 
Tennis Stadium. 

With an overflow crowd on hand, the 
Tigers, ranked second nationally, got even with the eighth-ranked 
Waves, who topped TU. 6-3, last March on the West Coast. 
“ Yea. it was a little revenge,” Trin­ ity Coach Bobby McKinley smiled. “ It is just a big win for us. It is funny, 
Pepperdine has not done well on its road trip (Saturday was the eighth straight loss for the Waves). Yet, they played well today. 
“They always play well against us.” 
Trinity’s victory evens the lifetime series against Pepperdine at 2-2. 

It was the T ig e rs’ num ber three doubles team of Dave Benson and Ed­ die Reese who clinched the m atch, downing Craig Edwards and Shots Su­ r e s t 6-2, 6-1. Benson and Reese got the clinching point seconds before Erick 
Iskersky and Ben McKown, T U ’s number two pair, won, 6-1, 6-1, over 
Maurice Hunter and Dean Graham. 
Tony Giammalva and L arry Gott­ fried, the top Trinity tandem, followed suit, defeating Leo Palin and Eddie 
Edwards, 7-5, 7-6. 

“ You have the best team in the country,” Pepperdine Coach Larry 
Biggs, son of Bobby, yelled at McKin­ ley afterwards. 
Trinity jumped ahead in singles as 
Iskersky, McKown, G ottfried and 
Giammalva all scored victories. Reese and Benson both lost. 
Iskersky, playing in the featured match, outlasted Palin, 6-4, 3-6, 6-3; 
McKown, playing in the second slot, breezed past Eddie Edwards, 6-1; 6-1, in just 52 minutes. 
Gottfried took 55 minutes to knock off Graham. 6-1, 6-4; and Giammalva 

 raced to a 5o-minute triumph against a befuddled Craig Edwards, 6-1, 6-1. 
Reese dropped a 6-3, 6-4 match to 
Suresh, while Benson let Hunter slip away with a 6-2, 4-6, 6-4 decision. 
“ I think Dave and Eddie’s doubles play is the most pleasing thing about today’s victory.” McKinley admitted. 
“ They played well at Wisconsin (the national team championships last Fe­ b ru ary), but had been spotty ever since Eddie was hurt. 
“ I guess they got out of the rhythmn when Eddie got hurt and missed tht* trip to the West Coast. But they looked like they did at tin* beginning of the year today.” 
“ We communicated well as a team today,” Benson, a curly-haired junior from Denver, said. “ I was really ready for doubles today. I was mad about losing my singles and I wanted to contribute by winning the doubles.” 
“ I did not play well in singles, so I wanted to win at least one m atch,” 
Reese, an easy-going sort from St. Pe­ tersburg. Fla., said. “ I tried to forget 

By KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
OF THE EXPRESS NFW S STAFF 
NEW BRAUNFELS - While a group of South Dakotans prac­ tice basketball diplomacy in 
Cuba, there is some tennis di­ plomacy going on right here at 
Newks Tennis Ranch. 

TRINITY’S Ben McKown makes a big serve 

PHOTO BY H.M. DEAN, JR. 

Nine youn gsters from M anila. 
Philippines, ages 12-18, have been at­ tending a three-week clinic at the well-renowned ranch formerly known as T-Bar-M. 
And the group has been under the direc­ tion of Colin Sipple, a 
Rod 
L aver type, complete with heavy 
Australian accent and hawk nose. Sipple, a top teaching pro and international player, is the director of jun­ ior tennis at the ranch. 
OKEEFFE 
“ The kids had decided to come to America, trying to im prove their te n n is ,” Sipple ex ­ plained. “ So, they looked at a couple of camps and decided on this one. 
"They know their tennis and were quite fam iliar with N ew k’s (John 
Newcombe) reputation. And, too, we were one of the fewr camps to offer a program at this time of the year.” 
The children, who all play together at the Manila Polo Club, are at varying levels of competence. Johnny Mondin- ola, 16, and J. M. Fernandez, 18, are two of the more accomplished and ex­ perienced players in the group, have- ing played for nearly four years. 
Then, there is Edmundo Reyes, 14. 

Photos bv 
Pat Hamilton 

Television 
12:3o p.m. (Ch. 5) — NBA Playoff 
Doubleheader: Houston Rockets vs. 
W ashington B ullets; Los A ngeles 
Lakers vs. Golden State Warriors. 
12:45 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Soccer. 
I p.m. (Ch. 9) — Grand Prix Tennis: 
Winter Circuit — United Bank Tennis 
Classic. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 12) — The American 
Sportsman: Actor Jason Miller joins fisherm an Stm Apte and host Curt 
Gowdy in fishing for snook and tarpon; 
Bing Crosby narrates a documentary on the life cycle of the cheetah. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Mixed Doubles 
Tennis: Bud Collins comments on the tennis event from the Lakewood 
Country Club in Houston. 
2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — ABC’s Champion­ ship Auto Racing: Trenton ‘2oo.’ 
3 p.m. (Ch. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
3:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) - ABC’s Wide 
World of Sports. 
4 p.m. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 

Radio 
1:5o p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) - Houston 
Astros vs. San Diego Padres. 

Bums lose 

By HARRY PAGE 
OF THE EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 
The San Antonio Dodgers started off well, but all that starts well doesn’t end that way. 

Four homers, two doubles and one triple later, the Dodgers were on the short end of a 12-5 spanking by the El 
Paso Diablos Saturday night in the first gam e of a doubleheader at V.J. 
Keefe Field. 
San Antonio struck first in the initial frame on a single by 
Ron W ashington, a double by A rt Fis- chetti, and 
Marv 
W ebb’s infield out that scored W ashing­ ton. But Steve Whi­ tehead 
— who slam m ed a pair of three-run homers — and company ex­ ploded for seven runs in the second inning for the Diablos, and all with two outs. 
Whitehead’s tremendous blast in the second inning gave El Paso a 3-1 lead. 
A fourth run scored on an error and 
Ken Landreaux climaxed the uprising with a three-run shot to left center. 
Lawrence Rush opened the third in­ ning with a towering homer over the leftfield fence. Jay Peters followed w ith a triple to left center and scored on Carney Lansford’s sacrifice fly to make it 9-1. 
San Antonio scored one in the bottom of the third on a single by Charlie 
Meyers: a walk to Washington, a single 

See DODGERS, Page HS 

PAGE 

JOHNNY MONDINOLA ready to hit 

 who has been playing for just a year. 
“ My biggest concern was getting the ball back over the net,’’ 
Reyes laughed. 
Completing the group is Alan Recto, 
12; Ito Feliciano, 14; Alex Rector, 14; 
Robert Fernandez, 16; Mark Laurel, 

16; and Malena Fernandez, 14, the lone female in the gropp. 
“ We have read a lot about New­ com be,” Mondinola said. “ And we knew the facilities here were very good. 
“ I have enjoyed the first two weeks. 
MALENA HERNANDEZ swings away 

Bv MIKE BKI TON 
O f THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 

CORPUS CHRISTI - When 
Austin Lanier’s Julie King and 
Theresa Brown finished first and second in the mile run, everyone in Buccaneer Stadium knew the verdict. 

The 18 points scored created a gap that Houston and Lamar Consolidated were unable to fill and Lanier claimed the AAAA team title in the region IV girls’ track meet Sa­ turday afternoon. 
On the strength of two speedy relay s, 
L a m a r took second place with 46 points and Houston grabbed third with 43. The vic­ tors put together nib­ bling points in the field events to go along with the domin- adon in the mile run' 
BRUTON to rjng Up 84 ta|jies 
In the AAA division, Kerrville Tivy edged Belton, 63-62, to win the hotly- contested team trophy. 
About midway through the running 

North Star Mall 349-6464 lcxkft 

Florsheim 

 introduces the “ Cam den” 

Shoe, 

 an exclusive pattern from 

 the designer collection of 
Florsheim shoes. 

Available in black, 

 rust, white, or navy patent leather 

 with cobra print upper and handsome gold 

 metal trim. At T o d d ’s 

$5o.oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Si-day April 24 1977 

 n g ers win 

Continued from Page IS 

 about my poor play in singles and just play good doubles. That is what Bobby always tells us to do.” 
Iskersky, who has been Trinity’s most consistent performer of late, hung tough against Palm, who slapped 

 some deft passing shots by Iskersky in the first two sets. 
“ He was passing well, but he began to miss in the third set.” a grinning 
Iskersky said. “ I think he was getting tired. I know I was.” 
Iskersky ended the 1:45, three-set match with an ace. 
This week in Sports 

S U N D A Y 
F ro B a s e b a ll: San Antonio D odgers vs. 
Amarillo, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: Lone Star Conference Tour­ nament, Texas A8.1 courts, Kingsville, I p m. 
Archery: SAAAA Invitational, Bandera Road 
Park, 9:3o a.m. 

M O N D A Y 
P ro B a s e b a ll: San Antonio D odgers vs. 
Amarillo, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Baseball: Huston Tillotson at Trinity 
<2),6:3o p.m.; Dallas Baptist vs. Pan American 
(2), Edinburg, I p.m. 
College Tennis: Lone Star Conference Tour­ nament, Texas A&l courts. Kingsville, 1:3o p m.,- San Antonio College at N JC A A Region 
XIV Tournament, Temple. 
College Track: Lone Star Conference Meet, 
Javelino Stadium, Kingsville, 9 a.m. 
College G olf: Lone Star Conference Tour­ nament, Kleberg County course, Kingsville, IO a rn. 

T U E S D A Y 
College Baseball: Trinity vs. St M ary's, V .J. 
Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m.; St. Edward's vs. Texas 
Lutheran (2), Seguin, I p.m.; Pon American vs. 
M ary Hardin-Baylor (2), Belton, I p.m. 
College Tennis: Trinity men vs. Baylor. Trin­ ity Tennis Stadium, 2 p.m.; Lone Star Confer­ ence Tournament, Texas A&l courts, Kingsville, 
13o p.m .; San Antonio College at N JC A A 
Region XIV Tournament, Temple. 
College Track: Lone Star Conference Meet, 
Javelina Stadium, Kingsville, 9:3o a m. (field events), 2:3o p.m. (track finals). 
College Golf: Lone Stor Conference Tour­ nament, Kleberg County course, Kingsville, IO a m.; San Antonio College at N JC A A Region 
X IV Tournament, Emerald Bay course, Tyler. ‘ 
Miscellaneous: Dinner of Champions, Villita 
Assembly Hall, 6:3o p.m. Tickets S12.5o, tables 
HOO, student tickets SS.75. 

W E D N E S D A Y 
P ro B a s e b a ll: San Antonio Dodgers vs.. 
Amarillo, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p m. 
College Golf: San Antonio College at N JCAA 
Region X IV Tournament, Em erald Bay course, 
Tyler. 
High School Golf: Class AA boys' regional meet, Kleberg County course, Kingsville, 8 a rn. 
Pro Wrestling: Municipal Auditorium, 8:3o pm . 

TH U R SD A Y 
Pro B a s e b a ll: Son Antonio D odgers vs. 
Amarillo, V.J. Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: Trinity women vs. Lam ar, 
Beaumont, 2 p.m. 
Pro Gulf: Houston Open, Woodlands Country 
Club. Houston. 
High School Golf: Class AA boys' regional meet, Kleberg County course, Kingsville, 8 a.m. 

FR ID A Y 
Pro B a s e b a ll: San Antonio D odgers vs. 
Amarillo, V .J Keefe Field, 7:3o p.m. 
College Tennis: Trinity men vs. TCU, Fort 
Worth, 2 p m.; Trinity women vs. LSU, Baton 
Rouge, La., 2 p.m. 
College Baseball: Trinity vs. Pan American 
(2), Edinburg, 6 p.m.; Texas Southmost vs. San 
Antonio College (2), Olmos Field, 3 p.m. 
High School T ra ck : Class AAAA and d o ss 
AAA boys' regional meets, Buccaneer Stadium, 
Corpus Christi; Class AA boys' regional meet. 
Jovellna Stadium, Kingsville, 7 p.m. 
High School Tennis: Class AA boys' regional tournament, Texas A&l courts, Kingsville, 8:3o am . 
College Track: Southwest Texas and Texas, 
A&l women at TAI AW Meet, Denton. 
College Football: Texas Lutheran Spring 
Gome, Matador Stadium, Seguin, 7:3o p.m. 
Pro Golf: Houston Open, Woodlands Country 
Club, Houston. 

S A T U R D A Y 
Pro Baseball: San Antonio Dodgers at E l' 
Paso, 8:15 p.m. 
College Baseball: St. Mary's vs. Texas Luth­ eran (2), Seguin, I p.m.; Texas Southmost vs. 
San Antonio College (2), Olmos Field, noon; 
Trinity vs. Pan American (2), Edinburg, I p.m. 
College Tennis: Trinity men vs. SMU, Dollas, 
2 p.m.; Trinity women vs. Tutone, New Orleans, 
IO a.m. 
High School Tra ck : Class AAAA ond Class 
AAA boys' track meets, Buccaneer Stadium, 
Corpus Christi. 
High School Tennis: Class AA boys' regional tournament, Texas A&l courts, Kingsville, 9:3o a.m. 
College Track: Southwest Texas and Texas 
A&l women at TAIAW Meet, Denton. 
Pro Golf: Houston Open, Woodlands Country 
Club, Houston. 
Auto Racing: Drag Racing, Alamo Dragwov, 
7 p.m.; Pon American Speedway, 8 p.m. (min­ i-stock, hobby stock and super stock). 

 sm& -rn## mmmm 
•*•••* 
<*>:.- 
-S s 

''mm- 
- v w m & 
WI 

-: ...*; 
-------------- e y 
A#, 
MBMpp 'WW 

' mm- 
' ' F 
* 
* 

COUNTERTOP 
MICROWAVE OVEN 

GE s JET86T, with its beautifully sculptured full black front features two power levels. HIGH is used for most foods... 
LOW/DEFROST is used for defrosting frozen foods and for cooking less tender cuts of meat and delicate foods cooked best at lower power. Microwave cooking is so fast that GE s JET86T also features a special two-speed timer for easy and accurate settings to increments of 15 seconds. The JET86T has a large 1.3 cu. ft. interior that lets you cook family-size 

 meals as well as individual servings. 

S U G G . 

LIST 

%• .* '" ’J . Cpi include. 

Ul disuse' 

T O N Y G I A M M A L V A re tu rn s s e rv e fo r Trin ity 

PHOTO BY H.M. DEAN, JR. 
Walker hot in Ag drill 

COLLEGE STATION (AP) — Senior quartberback 
David Walker rifled two touchdown passes and dashed seven yards for another score Saturday as the Texas A&M first team destroyed the. second team 38-o in the school’s annual Maroon-White spring football finale. 
With a crowd estimated at 6,ooo looking on in Kyle 
Field, Walker completed IO of 18 passes for 198 yards, including touchdown bullets of 43 yards lo tight end Russell Mikeska and a 24-yards to speedy wide receiver Darrell Smith. 
Walker, of Sulpher, La., bolted seven yards for a touchdown to open the scoring in the first qurter and fullback Eddie Hardin rumbled 3o yards to give the 
Maroons a quick 14-o lead over the underdog Whites. 
The Maroons built the advantage to 21-o juet before halftime on the touchdown pass to Mikeska. 
Hardin ran one yard for a touchdown, barefoot 
Tony Franklin kicked a 54-yard field goal, and 
Walker completed the second half scoring with his 
TD bomb to Smith. 
The outclassed Whites managed only four first downs and a total offense of 112 yards against the 
Maroon defense. 
The Aggies’ All-Southwest Conference fullback 
George Woodard did not suit out bemuse of a minor leg injury. 
Halfback Curtis Dickey got 77 yards for the 
Maroons. 
Yale boaters win 
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) — Yale University won the varsity and freshman heavyweight races in the crew regatta of Yale, Navy and the Coast Guard at the U.S. Naval Academy Saturday. 
In the varsity heavyweight race. Yale finished (he race in 6 minutes 21.8 seconds, a full six seconds ahead of Coast Guard. Navy won the varsity lightweight race in 6:29.4.' 

Keg resignation 

Harrison Harvey “ Red” Harrison has resigned his post as secretary of the San Antonio Bowling 
Association, effective May 31, last week. 
Holland, who took over job November I of last year, cited personal business as his reason for resignment. “ I have illness in my family which could present a problem in the future if I was forced to leave for the East to take care of family matters,” 
Holland said. 

Futurity set today 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPEESS NEW S 
DEL RIO — The richest-ever Del Rio Futurity heads the action in Sunday afternoon’s Alamo 
Quarter 
Horse 
Breeders’ 
Association racing program. 
The gross purse of $1o5,ooo is the first time in the 
16 years of the event that the purse passed the 
$1oo,ooo mark. 

H O L E I N O N E 
Wayne Nelsen used a special combination to card his first hole-in-one on the 212-yard No. 17 at Et. Sam 
Houston Golf Club Saturday. Nelsen used a 4-wood from a borrowed set of clubs while playing in his street shoes. 

DON’T READ THIS lf YOU DON’T WANT TO SAVE MONEY 
- OR - ARE NOT READY TO BUY A 
BOAT, MOTOR OR TRAILER NOW 

Knodel Marine McQueeney, Tx., is selling all new previous year inventory at cost or best offer thru 3o, april 1977. 

N o pu n ch es p u lle d (d e a le rs W e lc o m e ) 

Everything consisting of 14’ fiberglass fishing boats — 15’-16’ 
Bass Boats and Pleasure Boats — 17’ Thru 21’ Deep V Tri Hull 
Cabin Cruiser, Jet Boats, outboard-inboard. 
Must go to make room for moew new ’77 models arriving 

 now... 
Example,- 21’ Winner Cabin Cruiser, 15ohp Mercury motor, 
Tandem wheel, Dilley galv Tipper trailer equipped and ready 

 to g o ............................................... $ 6 4 8 1 .9 1 . 
$1oo free accessories with purchase of any new 77 rigs. 
Many good clean used rigs with prices starting at S395. 

Store hours 9-6 Tues.-Sat., Open Sundays 1-5 p.m. 
KNODEL MARINE 

McQueeney, Tex. 
S.A. Phone 658-9164 

D a n C o o k 

Sports’ funny side has slipped away 

It’s all changed and nobody knows just when it happened. Some aren’t even yet aware that it has happened. Nevertheless, sometime in the last three, six, nine years fun left the big time sports scene. 
Maybe the Russians stole it. Or, like the unhappy husband. perhaps it slipped off one afternoon for a laugh or a loaf of bread and just didn’t come back. 
Or, maybe it’s still out there somewhere and we so-called modern day sportswriters just can’t find its new location. 
Not too long ago we sports staffers made up the toy department, the easy side, reporting on life’s fun and games. 
But then suddenly, without notice, we quit trying to explain the infield fly rule and began to level in on the Pete 
Rozelle rule. The games are still there but the fun is gone. 

We worry with the clauses in no-cut contracts, whether a federal mediation board will hear the referee’s strike, whether Pete Rose will accept a 
$135,ooo a year raise or whether the 
Jets will turn Joe Namath loose for l l popcorn poppers and a year's supply of pantyhose. The Wall Street Journal now has stringers in the toy depart­ ments and long ago forgot the names of newspaper business editors. 

It’s much the same on the lower level where court cases outshine the per­ formers. Judges and federal investi­ gators provide key decisions now , not referees and umpires. The hot stories revolve around human rights, equal rights, civil rights and maybe a few wrongs. 
Bolks, there’s a heap of gold out there in the fields of sport and until the mines run thin we’ll see only the ser­ ious side of all pursuers. 

That’s why the most refreshing new personality in sports last year was a 
Detroit pitcher who talks to baseballs. 
Of course, as a rookie, Mark Fidrych wasn't making much money last year. 
When he gets up into the $8o,ooo a year bracket he’ll probably snub baseballs even when they speak to him first. 

Let’s face it, these guys don’t have time to be funny anymore. How many one-line knee-slappers do you suppose were tossed out by the 49ers as they rushed for California’s new-found gold? 

Good humor men 

You’ve got to go back a long way to locate the real good humor men of sport. Many were baseball headliners. 
Oh, they were talented, gifted with all the weapons their trade demanded. 
But money wasn’t foremost on their minds. 
Vernon Gomez, for example, was one of the finest southpaw pitchers of his time. But airplanes, not contracts, were his main concern. In the last game of the 1937 World Series when the 
Giants faced the Yankees in an al! New 
York show, Gomez had the Giants well-checked and was working smoothly. He was, that is, until an airplane winged low over the Polo 
Grounds. Lefty forgot all about the game and, for the better part of two minutes, dreamily watched the plane circle and climb. 

It took two “ play ball” shouts from the umpire to snap Mr. Gomez back to attention. Funny? Well, it wasn’t a side-splitter but when manager, Joe 
McCarthy, Gomez began chewing on his pitcher in the dugout Lefty had a humorous answer. 
“ I ’m surprised they didn’t start knockin’ the ball out of the park, with you up there day-dreaming,’’ screamed 
McCarthy. 
And to that Lefty replied, 
“ They couldn’t have 
’cause I was holding the ball while I watched the plane.” 
The next year 
McCarthy forbade 
Gomez to ride in any non-commercial plane. A few days before the sea­ son opened a small craft did a series of wild stunts over Yankee stadium. 
When Gomez reported to practice an hour later his manager met him and began telling of the luna­ tic pilot. “I wish you’d a been here to see it because it might have taught you a lesson,’’ 
McCarthy said. “ You mean that red bi-plane?” 
Lefty asked. “Yeah, that one. You saw it?” Gomez dropped his head a bit and answered, “I was in it.” 
Lordy, I wonder where 
Gomez is now when we need him. 
The greatest 

Muhammad AU wasn’t the first to start that “ I am the greatest-chatter. 
An old ball player named 
Herman 
“ Germany” 
Schaefer was the first to go public with that act. 
Bid vote 
SAN JU AN (A P ) - 
The congress of the Pan 
American Games Organ­ ization has approved a recommendation to hold an open vote on bids fronj 
Hamilton, Ont., and Ca­ racas, Venezuela, for the 
1983 Games. 

—~— 

Shortly after the turn of the century 
Schaefer was playing some plain and fancy second base for Detroit. He got the idea to give razzberries to the fans. 
So he did, telling Chicago newsmen how he planned to mop up White Sox pitchers the next day. 

A large crowd turned out to boo 
Schaefer the next day and fans got their kicks when Germany failed to hit in his first three trips. 

But when he stepped up for his fourth trip he stood before the batter’s box, turned to the stands and bellowed, 
“ ladeez and gentlemen. Please give me your close attention. You are about to witness a marvelous exhibition of the art of batting a baseball by the one, the only, the world’s greatest hitter, 
Mr. Germany Schaefer.” The hoots and jeers that followed would have made Philadelphia proud. 

The first pitch was a strike. “ Just for the build-up,” Schaefer shouted. 
The next pitch was a strike. “ That’s for suspense,” the batter yelled. Ger­ many slammed the uext pitch out of the park. After rounding the bases he again addressed the crowd. 

“Ladeez and gentlemen,” he roared. 
“This concludes the great batting ex­ hibition for this afternoon. Mr. 
Schaefer, the world’s greatest hitter, thanks each and every one of you for your kind attention.” Those who wer­ en’t doubled with laughter applauded the visiting infielder. 

Can you imagine anybody doing that today? I can’t. But then, if someone were to, the deed probably would get buried and lost among reports of 
Bowie Kuhn’s ruling against Charlie 
Finley, the AAU's war with the NCAA, 
Judge Higginbottom’s decision on the reserve clause or the results of Dr. 
Renee Richards’ latest “ he or she” tests. 
Ah well, things change. But not al­ ways for the best. 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FLUID CHANGE A ADJUST 
CHECK UNKAGE-CliAN 
EHTER-RIPtACi PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

RESEAL 
. SPECIAL 
When your transmission is looking or jerking in some cases all you need is a seol 
Job- 
95 
*28 
ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED. 
We are not newcomers, 14 years in San Antonio 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTHSIDE LOCATION 
28o6 BIANCO 
732-9628 or 732-93o1 
1711 N.t. LOOP 41o 
828-9545 
’ (No. Side loop 41o A Horry Wynbodi Exit) 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 S. W.W. WHITE 
333-93o8 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
1535 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
923-7546 

By JOHN HINES 
O F THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

Uvalde stretched its winning streak to 25 games and Central 
Catholic clinched a share of the 
TCIL 3-AAA crown to head 
Saturday’s high school baseball play. 

Both clubs won 4-3 decisions, Uvalde overcoming a 3-o South San West lead and Central bouncing back from a 3-1 
Antonian margin. 

“That s the way we’ve been playing all year,” said Uvalde Coach Dan Ma- tocha. “Our kids work hard and never give up.” 
The Coyotes scored all their runs in the fourth inning. G rog K olinek slammed a two-run double to tie the count, then Bryan McLaughlin s single won it. 
They were the eighth and ninth hit­ lers in the order and Matocha said, ‘‘In our last game, we changed to get more bats down in the lower part of our lin- 

2 7 A A 
B O E R N E 7, B A N D E R A 4 
Boerne 
O I? o2o 2 - 7 
9 
I 
B a n d e ra 
OOO 3oo 
1— 4 
7 i 
A sto ria and Cole. R iley and H icks. W — A sto ria . 
(64) 
L — R ile y 
<4-7) 
H R — H ic k s, 
B a n d e ra solo, " 4th. 
H ighlights: 
B oerne still in contention tor first half title with 2-1 record. B a n d e ra com pletes first holt with 2-2 m ark. O rtega had two do u b le s and 
A storia two sin gle s for G re yh o u n d s. H ic k s had a single in addition to his h om er a n d R o m o h a d a p a ir of sin gle s for Bandera. 

G O N Z A L E S I, N E W B R A U N F E L S o 
(IO In n in g s) 
N ew B rau n fe ls 
OOO OOO OOO o — o 
2 
2 
G onzales 
OOO OOO OOO 
I — I 
4 
o 
(one out w hen w in n in g run sc o re d ) 
M orales, T ousch (4), M a rtin e z (8) a n d R ob in etle, V illa n u e v a 
(8 ); 
B r u n s a n d W ilk e r s o n . 
W — B ru n s (4-3). L — M a rtin e z (6 3). A p a c h e s w in g a m e when M ik e 
E n g lis h d ra w s w alk. 
B ry a n 
B u rro w s single and pitcher R o la n d M a rtin e z throw s ball aw ay fryin g for force at third on T ra c y R em berton’s bunt. 

 cup.” The whole team is batting .292. 
Lefty reliever R ichard C ontreras held the C ougars to ju st two h its, fanned three and did not walk a man over the last four innings to boost his record to 6-o. He relied on his curve to stop Couagar lefthanders, 
Now holding a tw o-gam e 13-AAA 
West Zone lead with only five gam es left, Uvalde has tied Eagle P ass’ mark of 25 straight w ins two years ago. The 
Coyotes lost to the Eagles in their sea­ son opener this year, but later received a forfeit victory because the Eagles used an ineligible player. 
They won their last three last year 

 after losing a no-hitter to Lonnie Mar- quardt of Fredericksburg, 6-o, a year 
.and two days ago. 
David Pollock was the hero for Cen­ tral Catholic, blasting a two-out double in the bottom of the seventh to score pitcher Jerry Zamora with the winning run. 
. . 
L E E 2, S A N M A R C O S I 
OOI IOO o - 7 A *1 
Lee 
San M a rc o s 
IOO OOO o - 1 2 ? 
C le m e n s ond B e e k m a n . W a lk e r, Q u m te ro M i and 
Jackson. 
W — C lem ens 
(4 I). i. 
W alker. O sb o rn e of L e e k n o ck e d in the w in n in g run for L e e in the fourth Inning a s the S a n M a rc g p third b a se m a n m ade a fielding e rro r. T he b a s , had p re vio u sly been loaded on a n o th e r e rro r in the inn ing O sb o rn e got h is R B I w ith two outs An the inning. Keith H a y n e s had a triple a n d an P i t tor the Rattlers. 
■ 

G A M E R E S C H E D U L E D 
The District 13-AAA E a st Zone g a m e betw een 
Southside ond Cuero, rained out earlie r, h a s been rescheduled for 4:15 p.m. M o n d a y in C uero. 

D E L R IO 2, K E N N E D Y I 
K enn edy 
o1o OOO o — I 
2 
2 
Del Rio 
2oo OOO x — 2 
2 
Is 
V illarreal, F ern and ez (2) and O rtiz; B a rra g a n , 
G loria (7) and H ernandez. W — B a r r a g a n (2-o in district). L — V illa rre a l (3-1). E li N a tiv id a d s sin g le scores first D R run, then d e cid in g folly c ro sse s on field er's choice. K e n n e d y sco re s w ithout a hit in the second. G a m e ends w hen J F K ru n n e r picke d off third base. 

B ID IS T R IC T S E T 
St. A nthony (13 4) will m eet L a re d o St 
A u g u s ­ tine (8-7) in a T C IL C la ss A A bid istrict series. T he first gam e is set for 1:3o p.m. M o n d a y in L are d o , with the se co n d and th ird g a m e s sla te d for a d o u b le h e a d e r o f I p .m . W e d n e s d a y a t St. 
A nthony s. W inner goes to the state to u rn am e n t in 
D a lla s M a y 6-7. 

THE AUTOPHONE GIRL SAYS: AUTOPHONE 
PROVIDES 
24 HOUR... 
DIRECT DIAL 
FULLY AUTOMATIC ...I 
TONE OR VOICE 
POCKET PAGER SERVICE! 

C E N . C A T H . 4, A N T O N IA N 3 
A ntonian 
2oo OOI o - 3 
3 
I 
Central 
OOI oo2 I — 4 
4 
I 
(two out when w inning ru n sc o re d ) 
M o e lle r a n d 
M o r a ; 
Z a m o r a a n d 
S o lis . 
W — Z a m o ra (3-1). L — M o e lle r (1-6) 
H R — A n to n ­ ian: 
8*tbba 
M oeller (I), 
1st, two on; D a n n y 
M artinez 
(I). 6th, solo. M oeller had no-hitter for 
5 i in n in gs before Z d m o ra doubled 

P IT T S B U R G H ’S O m a r M o r e n o a n d D a v e P a r k e r collide during Sa tu rd a y ’s g a m e with Parker failing to the ground 

AP WIREPHOTO 

U V A L D E 4, SO. S A N W E S T 3 
U valde 
OOO 4oo o — 4 
6 
2 
So. San W est 
1o2 OOO o — 3 
6 
J 
Sansom , C o n tre ras (4) a n d N eutze; L a F o sse and Reinhard. W — C o n tre ra s (6-o). L — L a F o sse 
(53). C o u g a rs get e arly lead on R B I sin g le s by 
R ic ky L a F o sse and Philio S a m a ro and two e r r o rs by Coyote outfielders. 

L A N IE R 2, W H E A T L E Y I 
W heatley 
DIO OOO o — 
1 
2 
4 
Lan ier 
OOO IOO J — 2 
9 
4 
(one out when w inning ru n sco re d ) 
Q uintana and M o lin a ; L e v v a a n d G u e n d u la v . 
W — Le yva (3-2). L — Q uintana (1-8). V o k s sco re w inning run on F re d d y M e d in a sau e e ze that plates 
E rie G u e n d u la v, w ho got on bv an e r r o r a n d a dvanced to third on hit-and-run sin gle bv E m ilio 
G o n z a le s, h is se c o n d hit of the d a y . T o m m y 
E sp m o sa and John Paez a lso two hits each tor 
Voks. 

 autophone 

T h « 8 « f p « r P e o p l e 

1 7 1 o n . m a i n 

 t o n a n t o n i o 

 t e x a s 7 8 2 1 2 

B u c s n i p 
M e 
I s 

H O U S T O N 2, W H E A T L E Y I 
Houston iou IOO o - 2 
3 
o 
W heatley 
IOO OOO o — 
I 
5 
2 
Stro n g and J e n d ru sc h ; R a m ire z a n d M o lin a , 
Q uintana (31 
W — Strong (4-3). L — R a m ire z (1-8) 
V arnel W h ile s single plates w in n in g run. M a rty 
M artinez 2-3 for Eagles. 
? 

DON'T GET LOST... 
CAIL 226-3361 

S a t u r d a y ' s major league box scores 

P IT T S B U R G H 
N E W 
Y O R K 
F IR S T 
G A M E a b r h bi ab. r . h bi 
N E W Y O R K 
M o re n o cf 
4 2 2 o 
M zzilli cf 
2 3 I 
I ab r . h b i 
Oft c 
4 o 
I o 
P h llp s 
2b 
4 
I 
2 I 
R ndlph 
2 b 
5 2 3 o 
H elm s ph 
I o o o 
B sc la ir lf 
4 o I 3 
M u n so n c 
5 o 3 3 
D y e r c 
o o o o 
K n g m n lb 
4 o o o 
R e J k sn rf 
4 I I o 
P a rk e r rf 
3 2 I o 
K rn p o l rf 
4 o I o 
Nettles 
3b 
5 o I 2 
O liver lf 
5 I 4 2 M itlan o r 
o o o o 
R iv e rs cf 
5 I 2 I 
B R b n sn lb 
4-o o 1- Sta rn s c 
4 o o o 
C M a y dh 
5 I I o 
Stnntt 
2b 
3 o o 1 Staigr 
3b 
4 o 
I o 
RW hite lf 
4 o I o 
G a rn e r 
3b 
3 o I o 
H rrlsn ss 
I 
I 
o o 
Chm bts lh 
4 I o o 
T v e ra s ss 
4 o o o 
H o d g e s ah 
I o o o 
Dent ss 
5 3 I o 
K iso n p 
4 I 
I 
I 
L F ste r ss 
o o o o 
G ssa g e p 
o o o o T o rre ph 
I 
o o o 
E sp n sa 
P 
I o o o 
A p d a c a 
P 
o o o o 
V ail p 
I o o o 
T otal 
42 9 13 6 
Sa d ck i p. 
o o o o 
Grote 
Ph 
I o o o 
N ew 
Y ork 
Total 
35.6 IO 5 
Total 
32 5 6 5 
Cleveland 
Pittsb urgh 
OO 1.o o 2 2 o I — .6 
E — Kuiper, 
F osse, 

C L E V E L A N D 

M a n in g cf 
K u ip e r 
2o 
J N o rris rf 
C a rty db 
D a d e 
3b 
Low nstn lf 
B B e li lf 
T hntn lb 
F o sse c 
G ru b b ph 
K e n d a ll c 
D uffy ss 
B la n k s ss 
Total 

 ab 
5 
5 
4 
4 
2 
1 
4 
3 
2 
o 

’.It bi 
I 2 o 
2 o 
2 o 
o o 
o I 
o o 

7.2 

N ew 
Y o rk 
................... 
1 o 2 , o o o o 2 o— .5 
E — Staider, 
Stearns. 
L O B — P ittsb u rg h 
8, 
N ew 
Y o rk 
4. 
2 B — Oft, 
O live r, 
M azziili, 
Boisclair. 
3 B — M oreno. 
H R — K iso n 
(I). 
S B — M oreno, 
P o rk e r, 
O liver. 
S — B R o b in - son, 
E sp in o sa . 
S F — Stenneft. 
IP 
7 2-3 
( W,2-o) 
I 13 
6 2-3 
I 1-3 
<L,o-1) 
I 

BBell. 
L O B — N ew 

.. 
o o 6 o o 1 . o 2 o— .9 
o o o o o 3 o o o— 3. 
M a n n in g , 
C h a m b liss, 
Y o rk 
9, 
C le v e la n d 
9. 

K iso n 
G o ssa ge 
E sp in o sa 
A podaca 
Sadecki 
W P — Kison. 
T — U U :5 4 . 
A — 9,o4o. 

H 
R te r B B SO 
4 
5 5 
3 
5 
2 
o 
o 
o 
2 
8 
5 5 
3 
2 
o 
o o 
1 
3 
I 
o 
o 

2 B — M a n n in g 
2, ers. 
BBell, 
R iv e r s 
2. 
S B — R iv- 

IP 
H 
R E R B B SO 
D E His 
(W ,l-1) 
5 2 3 4 
3 
o 
2 
2 
Tidrow 
3 1-3 3 
o 
o 
2 
I 
F itzm o rris 
IL,o-2) 
2 2-3 
5 
6 
2 
2 
2 
W ails 
3 1-3 4 
I 
13 o 
o 
B u ske v 
3 
4 
2 
o 
I 
2 
S a v e — Tid row 
A — 6,ooo. 
(I). 
W P — D E IIis 
T — 2:43. 

K A N S A S 
C IT Y 
. S E A T T L E 
— ab r h bi . 
.... ab r h bi 
S A N . F R A N 

 lf 

T hom as 
R A d w s 
M dlock 
E v a n s 
H rndon 
M c C v y 
C la rk rf 
T h m ssn lf 
Sadek c 
M ttsco p 

 ss 

 cf lb 

 ab . r h bi 
3 1 o o 
• 4 1 o o 
4 1 1 1 
4 o 2 1 
o o o o 

M O N T R E A L 

C a sh 
2b 
FOH 
SS 
E V Itn e rf 
Perez lb 
P a r r is h 

3 1 1 1 
3 o 1 o 
3 o 1 o 

Total 
. 
San 
F ra n c isc o 
M ontreal 
E — P a rrish . 
F ra n c isco 
9, 
Foli 
2, 
Cash, 

32 4 

D a w so n 
J B ro w n 
T e rp ko 
J rg n sn 
W rfhen 
J o M rls 
K r r ig n 
G arre tt 
8.4 Total 

T hom asson 
(2). 
C lark. 
S F — Perez. 

o 
o 
1 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o o 
o 
o 
I I 
o o 
o 
2 
21 1 o o o o o o— .4 
................... 
o o o o o o 1 I o— 2 
D P -M o n t r e a l 
2. 
L O B — San 
M o n tre al 
7. 
2 8 — M c C o v e y , 
C rom artie, 
D a w so n . 
H R - 

 cf p 
P ph p 
Ph 
P oh 

 ab 
4 
4 
4 
3 
4 
4 
3 
4 
o 
I 
I 
o 
I 
o 
I 
34 

 r h bi 
o I o 

G B reft 
3b 
M c R a e dh 
Pqeftd lf 
M y b rr y lb 
Porter c 
O h s cf 
Cow ens rf 
Patek s s 
F W hite 
2b 

Total 

3 2 1 1 M lb rn e 
5 o 3 3 C ollins 
5 o o o Lopez 
4 o o o R u J n e s 
4 1 1 o B ra u n 
3 1 o o B n h rd t 
4 1 1 1 M e y e r 
3 1 1 2 Stein 
3 2 1 o Stinson 
C R v ld s 
34.8.8.7 Total ss 
35.6 9.6 

K a n s a s 
City 
............. 
o o o.o 5 o .2 1 o— .8 
Seattle 
........................... 
o o o 2 o 3 . o 1 o— .6 
E — Cow ens, 
M a y b e rry , 
T h o m a s, 
G B rett, 
R uJnes. 
D P — K a n s a s 
City 
I, 
Seattle 
I. 
L O B — K a n s a s 
City 
4, 
Seattle 
5. 
2 B — M e y ­ er, 
Patek, 
M c R a e . 
3 B — Stein, 
S B — C ollins, 
White, 
Otis. 
S — Reynolds. 
IP 
H 
R E R B B SO 

S B — T h o m a s, 
Sadek, 

M ntfu sco 
JB ro w n 
T erpko 
W arthen 
K e rrig a n 
T — 2:32. 

(W ,2-l) 
(L ,!-l) 

A — 19,377. 

Leonard 
G u ra 
ST h o m a s 
Laxton 
Segui 
M oore 

<W,l-o) 

(L,l-1 ) 

P B — Porter. 
H B P — B y 
M o o re 
B a lk — Leonard. 
T — 2:41. 
A — 22,685. 
(P a te k ). 

F rid a y 's late boxes 

C H IC A G O 
O A K L A N D 

H airstn lf 
B an istr 
2b 
Z isk rf 
Sd rh lm 
3b 
Spncer lb 
L J h n sn dh 
C a r r dh 
Lem on cf 
Stllm n lf 
E ssia n c 
G am b le ph 
N rd h g n c 
N rd b rk ss 
O w nin g ph 
O rta 
2b 
Total 

 ab 
3 
5 
3 
5 
5 
3 
2 
I 
1 
2 
1 
o 
2 
I 

 r h bi 
I o o 
o 4 
o I 
o I 
o 2 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
I 
o 
I I I 
35.2.IO 

North cf 
P age lf 
Sngllen dh 
M A Ix d r p r 
A llen lb 
R Scott p r 
A rm a s rf 
G ro ss 
3b 
W h a m s c 
N ew m n c 
M a llo ry rf 
Lintz 
2b 
Pccolo ss 

 ab 
2 
3 
4 
o 
2 
o 
o 
3 
3 t 
3 
3 

• h bi 
I o o 
1 
2 
o 
I 
o 
o 
o 
I 
o 
I 
o 
o 

M IL W A U K E E ab. r h bi 
C A L IF O R N IA ab r h bi 
Joshua cf 
2 1 o o R e m y 
2b 
3 I I 
2 
Yount ss 
4 o 2 o G rich ss 
3 
I I 
o 
Cooper lh 
4 o o o 
B o n d s rf 
4 
I 2 
I 
Bando 
3b 
4 o I o 
S a v io r dh 
3 I 2 o 
Lzcano rf 
4 o o o 
Ruch lf 
4 o I 
2 
M oney 
2b 
4 O O O 
Solaita 
1b 
2 I o o 
Q uirk dh 
4 I 3 I 
Bochte cf 
4 I I o 
W M frd lf 
2 I o o 
C halk 
3b 
3 o o o 
M O O R E 
C 
'4 
Vs Vt 's H m p h y c 
2 
I I 
I 
Toto! 
3o. 4.7.2 
Total 
28 7.9 
6 

M ilw au ke e 
. 
o o 3.o o o 
I OO­ 
.4 
C alifornia 
. 
2 o o.o 3 2 O O X — 
7 

Total 

E — Solaita. 
W a u k e e 
3, 
M oore. 
Bond s 
S F — R e m y . 
H 
R E R B B SO 
Chicago 
....................... 
O akland 
...................... 
E — G ross, 
N o rd h a ge n 
2. 
O akland 
3. 
L O B — C h ica go 
2B — Page, 
Bannister. 
M A Ie xan d e r, 
RScott. 

Stone 
(L.l-2) 
LaG ro w 
Ham ilton 
U m b a rg e r 
Lan gfo rd 
Gtusti 
S a v e — G iusti 
2:33. 
A — 5,254. 

(W .l-2 

S — North, 
IP . .H 
7 1-3 
o 
2-3 
6 1-3 
I 2 3 
I 

o o o o o o o o 2— .2 
OOO o o 1 o 2 X— .3 
D P — C h ic a g o 
I, 
13, 
O a k la n d 
6. 
S B — N o rd b ro o k , 
Page. 
R E R B B SO 
3 
2 
4 
4 

D P — C alifornia 
I. 
L O B — M il- 
C alifornia 
4. 
2 B — R e m y , 
Q u irk, 
3 B — R e m y. 
H R — Q u irk 
( I) . 
S B — 
2, 
Baylor. 
S — Chalk. 
IP . 
H a a s 
(L,o-1) 
4 13 
Corf 
1 2-3 2 
2 
2 
B eare 
2 
I O 
C 
Sim pson 
(W, 1-2) 
7 
6 
4 
2 
D ra g o 
2 
I O 
O 
W P — Sim pson, 
Corf. 
H B P — B v 
(H u m p h re y). 
T — 2:1V. 
A — 14,773. 
H aas- 

W P — U m b a rg e r. 

K A N S A S C IT Y 

C IN C IN N A T I 

R o se 
3b 
G riffey rf 
M V O R G A N ' «B lf lb 

 ss cf p 

G F ste r 
D rsse n 
Bench 
C ncpcn 
G rn im o 
Zach ry 
Lu m ph 
E astw k p 
Total 
Cincinnati 
Chicago 
L O B — Cincinnati denal, je M o ra le s. 

C H IC A G O . ab . r h bi . . 
___ 
4 o 2 1 D e j s u s ss 
3 o o o C rd n al lf 
'» ? ? ? B c k n e r lb 
3 o 1 o M u rc e r rf 

 ab . r h bi 
4 o o o 
o I 
1 I 

4 o 3 o O tvros 
3 1 o o M trw ld 
1 o o o B n h o m 
1 o o o Sutter 

G B rett 
3b 
M c R a e dh 
Paette lf 
M y b rr v lb 
Otis cf 
Porter c 
B M rtn z c 
Cow ens 
Patek 
F White 
Zdeb 
H eise 

 ab . r h bi 
4 o 1 2 
4 2 1 o 
3 1 1 1 
4 o o 1 
4 o 1 1 
3 1 1 o 
o o o o 
3 o 1 o 
4 1 2 1 
4 o 14o 
o 1 o o 
o o o o 

S E A T T L E 

Total 
33.6.9.6 

Baez 
B ra u n 
C ollins 
R u J n e s 
Stanton 
B nhrdt 
Stein g m e y e r 
Jutze 
Lis ph 
Stinson 
Lopez 
C R y ld s 
M lb rn e 
Total 

 ab 
2 
4 
o 
3 
4 

 r h bi 
3 o o 
o 2 o 
I o o 
I I I 
o I I 
I 
I 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
O O O 
5.6 5 

City 

o o o o 
31.1.6.1 Total 

7, 
S — Zachry. 
IP 
6 
2 

3 o 2 7 . 2 
.. 
o o 1 . o o o o o o— .I 
. . 
o o o.1 o 1 o o x — .2 
C h ica go 
5. 
2 B — C a r- 

K a n s a s 
Seattle 
E — M a y b e rry , 
Baez, so s 
City 
I, 
Seattle 
L O B — K a n s a s city s, 
Braun, 
M c R a e , 
S B — Baez, 
Patek. 

Z ac h ry 
<L,l-2) 
Eastw ic k 
Bonham 
Sutter 
Save — Sutter 
(3). 
T — 2:13. 
A — 14,454. 

(VV,2-1) 

R E R B S SO 
H a ssle r 
Litten 
G u ra 
Abbott 
Laxton 
P a g a n 

(VV,2-1) 

(L.o-2) 
S a v e — G u ra 
(2). 

o o o.1 o 1 1 I 2— 6 
1 o 1.o o ooo 3 o - 5 
Stanton. 
D P — Kon- 
2. 
T P — Seattle 
I. 
Seattle 
4. 
2 B — 
G Brett. 
3 B — B e rn h a rd t. 
S — Paquette. 
IP 
. H 
5 
I 
o 
5 
I 
3 

7 1-3 
2-3 
I 
6 2-3 
I 1-3 
I 
-2:33. 

R E R B B SO 
5 
4 
3 
3 

A — 19,756. 

 how to keep your capital 
CASH. 
LEASE 

C o u p e d e V il'e 

BO B BECKETT 
LEASE MGK. 
317 LEXINGTON 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
226-7221 

NEW YORK (AP) - Al 
Oliver’s fourth hit of the game, with two out in the ninth in ning, scored 
Omar Moreno with the winning run Saturday as the Pittsburgh Pirates nipped the New York 
Mets 6-5. 
M oreno opened the ninth with a triple. After reliever Ray Sadecki re­ tired Tommy Helms and 
Dave 
P ark er, 
O liver drilled his game-winning sin g le, d rivin g in his second run. 

Royals, 8-6 

SEATTLE (AP) - De­ sign ated h itter 
Hal 
M cR ae’s two-out RBI single in the seventh in­ ning and a throwing er­ ror by S ea ttle cen ter fielder 
Rupert 
Jones accounted for two Kansas 
City runs and helped the 
Royals to an 8-6 victory over the Seattle Mariners 
Saturday. 

Y a n k s , 9 - 3 
CLEVELAND (AP) - 
Craig N ettles’ two-run single keyed a six-run third inning Saturday that carried the New 
York Yankees to a 9-3 victory over the 
Cleveland Indians. 
It was the scheduled opener of a doubleheader but the second game was rained out. No make-up date was announced. 

Cubs, 2-1 

CHICAGO 
(A P ) 
- 
Jerry Morales had three hits and drove in one run and Manny Trillo singled home another Saturday to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 2-1 victory over the stumbling 
Cincinnati 
Reds. 
The victory snapped a four-game Chicago losing streak, while the World 
Cham pion R eds w ere saddled with their ninth loss against only four triumphs. 

A ’s, 3-2 
OAKLAND 
(A P ) - 
Designated hitter Manny 
Sanguillcn singled home two runs as the Oakland 
A ’s beat the C hicago 
White Sox 3-2 Saturday. 

Giants, 4-2 

MONTREAL (AP) - 
John M ontefusco sc a t­ tered nine hits Saturday us the San F ra n cisco 
Giants defeated the Mon­ treal Expos 4-2. 
Montefusco, 2-1. struck out five and walked one and shut out the Expos over the first seven in­ nings as the Giants built a 4-o lead. 

Ka in-outs 
DETROIT (AP) - Sa turday’s gam e betweer the B altim ore Oriole* and Detroit Tigers wa* rained out. No make-ut date w as announced, although the Tigers said it would be during tho first week in September, the O rioles’ only other visit to Detroit. 

TORONTO (AP) - Sa­ turday’s gam e between the Boston Red Sox and 
Toronto B lue Jays was rained out and r e s­ cheduled as part of a 
Sept. 5 doubleheader. 

A b o v e A v e r a g e . 

It’s obvious. You’re head and shoulders above the crowd. And you’ll stand out in style. In this Blazer from Wellington. 
Single breasted. Trim. Neat A fitting salute to the man with above average proportions. Make a big impression. 
In the Wellington Blazer. 

42*52 Extra long U J e U m g t o n 

Big and Tall Man’s Shop 
Central Park 
SatePs 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 hi 

Uvalde win streak hits 

Fogs 4-S 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
M a jo r League pitching, hitting 
ATLANTA ROCKET 
By Bob Dale 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
White. N Y 
43 
3 IO o 
I .233 
T E A M B A T T IN G 
Hendersn, Tex 
26 
2 
6 o 
o .231 
A B R H H R R B I 
Pct 
Jackson, N Y 
35 
6 
8 I 
3 .229 
Boston 
361 53 112 
8 53 .31o 
Borgm ann, Min 
22 
5 
5 I 
2 .227 
K an saiC ity 
4o6 69 124 
9 63 
3o5 
Melton, Cle 
22 
3 
5 o 
I .-227 
Chicago 
331 4o 
9? 
7 39 .278 
V e ryzer. Det 
2? 
I 
5 o 
o .227 
California 
476 75 128 17 74 .269 
Demosev. Bol 
31 
I 
7 I 
4 .226 
Minnesota 
451 66 121 12 58 
268 
Fosse, Cle 
31 
4 
7 I 
3 .226 
Cleveland 
352 56 
94 
5 45 
267 
Terrell, M in 
31 
2 
7 I 
3 .226 
Oakland 
398 57 1o4 13 52 
261 
Wills. Tex 
3 
9 o 
2 .225 
Texas 
339 31 
87 
8 28 .257 
Savior, Col 
54 12 12 3 
9 .222 
Seattle 
49o 55 122 13 57 .249 
Carty. Cle 
36 
I 
8 o 
5 .222 
Detroit 
436 SO 1o8 13 48 .248 
DeCinces, Bal 
36 
7 
8 3 
8 .222 
New York 
376 33 
93 
4 3o .247 
Grieve, Tex 
27 
4 
6 2 
3 .227 
Baltimore 
332 33 
79 9 33 
238 
.Plcciolo, Oak 
41 
4 
9 I 
3 .22o 
Toronto 
426 59 1o1 
9 5? 
237 
Bando, Mil 
32 
3 
7 o 
2 .219 
Milwaukee 
31o 3o 
7o 
5 26 .226 
Dent, N Y 
32 
3 
7 o 
3 .219 
IN D IV ID U A L B A T T IN G 
Hum phrey, Col 
32 
2 
7 o 
3 .219 
2o or m ore ot bats 
Stein, Sea 
51 
4 ll 
o 
4 .216 
A B R H 
H R R E I 
Pct 
Munson, N Y 
42 
4 
9 o 
4 .214 
Smith, Bal 
21 
3 IO I 
3 
476 
Sundberg. Tex 
28 
I 
6 o 
3 .214 
Washingtn, Tex 
32 
2 13 o 
2 
4o6 
M cKay, Tor 
47 
2 IO o 
6 .213 
McRae, Kc 
47 IO 19 o 
4 
4o4 
San gu in e s Oak 
47 
2 IO o 
4 
213 
Bernhardt, Sea 
3o 
5 12 4 
9 
4oo 
Wohltord, Mil 
33 
4 
7 o 
I .21? 
Evans, Bos 
4o 
8 16 2 
4 
4oo 
Lemon, Chi 
34 
6 
7 o 
2 .2o6 
Veiez, Tor 
25 
3 IO 2 IO 
4oo 
L.Mav, Bal 
34 
3 
7 o 
3 .2o6 
Cabbage. Min 
43 
9 17 o 
2 
395 
Williams, Oak 
34 
4 
7 2 
4 
2o6 
Porter, KC 
33 
6 13 I 
6 
394 
Rodriguez, Det 
44 
I 
9 o 
I 
.2o5 
Poae, Oak 
46 
9 18 3 15 
391 
Kemp, Det 
49 
5 I 
o 3 
8 
2o4 
Singleton, Bol 
32 
7 12 o 
4 .375 
Chambliss, N Y 
41 
I 
8 I 
4 .195 
Burleson. Bos 
43 
8 16 I 
3 .372 
Scott, Bos 
42 
5 
8 o 
2 .19o 
Garr, Chi 
27 
7 IO o 
4 .37o 
Arm as. Oak 
37 
o 
7 o 
o 
189 
Ault, Tor 
48 ll 17 4 13 .354 
Joshua. Mil 
37 
3 
7 o 
2 .189 
Bell, Cle 
34 
6 12 I 
6 .353 
Garcia, Tor 
53 
4 IO o 
4 .189 
Corew, M in 
54 
7 19 I ll 
352 
Wynegor, Min 
22 
2 
4 I 
4 .182 
Rice Bos 
43 
5 IS I 
6 .349 
G Woods, Tor 
5o 
9 
9 o 
3 .18o 
Wynn, N Y 
26 
5 9 I 
2 
346 
Moore, Mil 
28 
2 
5 o 
2 .179 

DURlMCr HIS THREE 
Y5AP5 OM VARSITY 
( 197o-'72) I 
HAD 3 7 -% 
% {SECORD 

/ / 

Hurrah. Tex 
Allen. Oak 
Wav. De* 
C Owens. KC 
Rudolph, N Y 
Soderhoim, Chi 
Doyle. Bos 
Patek KC 
Chalk, Col 
North, Oak 
Puentes, De* 
Bostock, Min 
Manning, Cle 
Gross. Oak 
Kuiper, Cle 
Brett, KC 
HISIe, Min 
Bailor, Tor 
Hargrove, Tex 
Fisk, Bos 
Kusick. Min 
Norris, Cle 
Banister, Chi 
Yount. Mil 
Bochte. Col 
Orta, Chi 
Money, MU 
Reynolds, Sea 
Otis, KC 
Rivers, N Y 
Boez, Sea 
Cam Donris, Tex 
Grich, Cal 
M avberrv, KC 
Stinson, Sea 
Melbourne. Sea 
Staub, Det 
Bonds, Cal 
White. KC 
Zisk, Chi 
Braun. Sea 
Miller, Bos 
M urray. Bal 
Ogtivie, Det 
Meyer, Sea 
Ford. Min 
Lezcano. Mil 
Remy, Cal 
LeFlore, Det 
Spencer, Chi 
Thompson, Det 
Fairly, Tor 
Briggs, Cal 
Bum bry, Bal 
Ashby, Tor 
Cooper, Mil 
Jones, Sea 

35 
38 
38 
47 
39 
3(5 
34 
38 
35 
35 
66 
39 

5 
I? 4 
8 .343 
5 
13 2 ll 347 
7 
13 o 
2 342 
8 
16 I 
7 .34o 
4 
13 I 6 .333 
6 
12 2 
4 .333 
4 
11 o 
5 .374 
8 
12 o 
7 .316 
2 ll o 6 .314 
6 ll o 
I .314 

P IT C H IN G 
I or more decisions 
IP ..H B B .S O W L E R A 

8 17 o 
6 12 7 
43 12 13 o 
4o 
5 12 2 
4o 
4 12 o 
47 
9 14 I 
54. 7 16 3 
34 
6 IO I 
34 
4 
IO o 
31 
31 
31 
38 
38 
52 
35 
32 
5o 

22 
44 
55 
48 
41 
45 
49 

2 .3o9 
9 3o8 
o .3o7 
6 .3oo 
7 3oo 
4 .298 
8 .796 
.3 294 
3 294 
5 .29o 
5 .29o 
6 79o 
3 .289 
3 .289 
3 .288 

3 
9 o 
6 9 7 
5 
9 I 
4 ll o 
5 ll I 
8 
15 I 
o 
IO o 5 .286 
1 9 o 2 281 
6 
14 o o .28o 
43 IO 
12 3 IO .279 
47 
2 
13 o 
5 .277 
2 
6 o o .273 
4 
12 I 
I .273 
9 
15 2 
4 .273 
7 
13 2 ll .271 
2 l l o 3 .268 
6 
12 o 4 .267 
9 
13 3 8 .265 
53 12 
14 4 8 .264 
38 
4 
IO I 
7 .263 
38 
4 
IO 2 8 .263 
3 6 3 5 .261 
4 
6 o 
4 .261 
3 
IO 2 
4 .256 
8 
12 3 ll .255 
7 
13 3 
7 .255 
9 ll I 
2 9 ? 
8 
14 o 
6 
12 I 
3 
IO I 
6 
IO 2 
5 
6 o 
2 
5 I 
3 
9 I 
2 
8 I 
6 
8 2 

11 
1o 
9 
26 19 
17 17 
17 IS 
17 12 
12 13 
6 
6 
16 14 
16 IO 
11 
7 
25 18 
14 12 
14 14 
17 
8 

23 
23 
39 
47 
51 
44 
36 
56 
49 
41 
41 
25 
21 
38 
34 
34 
6o 

5 25o 
5 .25o 
5 .25o 
6 245 
3 .244 
7 244 
2 ,?4o 
2 .238 
4 .737 
4 .235 
7 .235, 
8 14 3 IO 233 

Palm er, 
Bal 
28 14 
Lirlttblad, 
Tex ll. 
Slaton, 
Mil 
17 
Burgm eier, 
Min 
Trovers, 
Mil 
Ryan, 
Col 
Blvleven, 
Tex 
Barrios, 
Chi 
H arrell, 
Cal 
Garvin, 
Tor 
Zahn, 
Min 
Grim sley, 
Bal 
Boggs, 
Tex 
Knapp, 
Chi 
Thorm odsgrdM n 
16 2o 
Hons. 
Mil 
Cleveland, 
Bos 
Tidrow, 
NY 
Torrez, 
Oak 
Jefferson, 
Tor 
Ellis. 
N Y 
Stone, 
Chi 
Longford, 
Oak 
Giusti, 
Oak 
Wheelock, 
Sea 
Pozik, 
Min 
Eckerslev, 
Cle 
Tanana, 
Cal 
Stanley, 
Bos 
Colborn, 
KC 
R May, 
Bol 
Hassler, 
KC 
Murphy, 
Bos 
Tiont, 
Bos 
Svkes, 
Det 
Arroyo, 
Det 
Augustine, 
Mil 
Jenkins, 
Bos 
Fitzmorris, 
Cle 
Dobson, 
Cle 
Rozema, 
Det 
Lemonczvk. 
Tor 
Ruble, 
Det 
Roberts, 
Det 
Splittorff, 
KC 
Moore, 
Sea 
Thomas, 
Sea 
Layton, 
Sea 
Medieh, 
Oak 
Goltz, 
Min 
Perry, 
Tex 
Gulled, 
NY 
Montague, 
Sea 

16 2 I 
7 I o 
4 I o 
2 I 
I 
5 I 2 

3 I o 
3 I o 
18 3 o 
IO 2 o 
8 I 
I 
7 o 
6 2 
2 25 
5 o 

8 I 
4 o 

13 ll 
I 
26 
23 12 
35 
18 27 31 2 2 
28 
21 IO 21 I 
I 
8 
5 
3 
6 
2 
3 
4 
8 
I 
6 
3 
4 
9 
4 
6 
8 
3 
2 
3 14 2 
4 
4 I 
8 18 I 
7 29 3 
4 
3 I 
4 
5 2 
6 
6 
4 
4 
8 
4 
17 ll 
4 
5 
I? 16 
4 
12 15 
3 
24 
2? ll 
2o 22 
5 
22 21 
7 
28 
29 IO ll 
IO IO 
5 
3 
22 29 
6 
9 
4 
5 ll ll 
6 
7 
12 14 
3 ll 
I 
2o 22 IO 12 I 2 
2o 27 12 
5 o 2 

o.64 
o.82 
1.o6 
1.39 
1.39 
1.54 
1.61 
1.64 
1 8o 
2.o8 
2.12 
2.12 
2.25 
2 25 

23 16 
13 12 
26 25 
3o 29 
12 14 
2o 19 
2o 22 
17 22 ll ll ll 
12 ll ll 
13 12 
23 
72 2? 
I? 13 

2.25 
2.25 
2 46 
2 52 
2.57 
2.57 
I 2.65 
o 2.7o 
1 
2.7o 
I 
2.74 
o 2 77 
o 2.77 
o 3.oo 
o 3.oo 
1 3.15 
2 3.15 

Redfern, 

12 I 
I 3.18 

IO 
72 27 
18 22 

o 
1 
o 
o 
2 
1 
o 
o 
o 
2 
2 
I 
I 
I 
7 I 
I 
I 
o 

I 3.27 
1 3.27 
o 3.27 
2 3.46 

Min 
B.Johnson, 
Chi 
Singer, 
Tor 
Segui, 
Sea 
Bare. Det 
1o 15 
5 
3 o 2 9.9o 
N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
T E A M B A T T IN G 

16 
18 8 
1o 
16 4 
14 
18 12 
11 
15 8 

3 6.19 
1 6 3o 
2 7.71 
2 9.oo 

I 3.52 
I 3.68 
I 3.75 
I 3 75 
o 3.75 
1 3 75 
1 
4.o5 
2 4.o9 
o 4.18 
o 4 5o 
o 4 5o 
1 4.5o 
o 4 5o 
o 5 OO 
5.25 
5.4o 
5.85 

Los Angeles 
Atlanta 
SanFrancisco 
Son Diego 
Chicago 
St. Louis 
Montreal 
Cincinnati 
Houston 
Pittsburgh 
Philadelphia 
New York 

A B . R ...H H R R B I Pct 
383 
7o 
114 
13 68 .298 
4o3 
53 
375 
4o 
449 57 
328 38 
4oo 53 
345 
4o 
398 
51 
36o 
34 
386 
46 
299 
33 
393 
46 

114 
1oo 
117 
84 
1o1 
87 

49 .283 
39 .267 
56 261 
37 .256 
48 .253 
4o .25? 
99 
1o48 249 
89 
5 
31 .247 
95 
9 
44 246 
69 
7 
32 .231 
9o 
11 
42 .229 
IN D IV ID U A L B A T T IN G 
2o or more at bats 
AB 
R 

JOE CARMACK-JIM WRIGHT 
ATHLETIC CLUB 
4731 Rittimon - 3 Blk*, fast of IH 35 
656-1241 
656-1242 
DISCOVER NAUTILUS 
There is No System like It 
Thousands Believe In It 
You Will TOO!!! 
Call U s A bou t O ur FREE 
M EM B ER SH IP TO DA Y! 

'FREE P e rfo rm a n ce T e st^ 
FREE W o r k O u t C lothes v FREE Locker \ \ 
FREE T o w e ls & Tonics 

OPEN 6 DAYS A WEEK 
MON.-FRI. 6 :3 o A .M .-9 P.M . 
SATURDAY 8 :3 o A .M .-6 P.M . 

“FORYOUR TOTAL FITNESS” mr 

^Joe Cornsack-Jim Wright 

A T H L E T IC C L U B 

F r l d a v 
* s I f i l e 
> B A Iio.vok 

G O L D E N S T A T E (86): B orrv 
6-2 3-14. Wilkes 7 2-2 16, Roy 4 O O 
8, Smith 2-2 14, W illiam s 4 4-5 12, 
Parish 7 2-2 16, Dudley 3 O O 6, 
Johnson o o-o o, Parker o O O o, 
McNeill o o-o o. Totals 37 12-14 86. 
LOS A N G E L E S <9S): Ford 4 
4 4 12, Russell 8 5-5 21, Abdul- 
Jabbar 18 4-6 4o, Cheney o 1-2 I, 
Tatum 3 OO 6, Abernethy I 1 1 3 , 
Lam ar 4 o-o 8, Kupec I O O 2, 
Warner I o-o 2. Totals 4o 15-18 95. 
Golden State 
19 ll 28 28— 86 
Los Angeles 
28 34 21 32— 95 
F o u le d o u t— N on e. 
T otal fo u ls — G o ld e n State 19, L o s 
Angeles 
17. 
Technical— Barry. 
A — 17,5o5. 

P O R T L A N D (H O ): L u c a s 13 
3-3 29, G ross 4 2-2 IO, Walton 7 
5-6 19, Twardzik 7 o-1 14, Hollins 
9 2-2 2o, Davis 3 O O 6, Steele o o-o 
o, R Jones o oo o, Gilliam I o o 2, 
Neal 2 o-1 4. W alker 3 O O 6, 
Calhoun o o-o o. Totals 49 12-15 no. 
D E N V E R (121): B. Jones 9 1-2 
19, Silas 5 3-3 13, Issei ll 14-15 36, 
McClain 4 o-o 8, Thompson 6 6-9 
18, Calvin I 3-3 5, Wise 3 3-5 9, 
Price 4 1-2 9, Webster 2 o-o 4. 
Totals 45 31-39 121. 
Portland 
3o 21 3o 29— 11o 
Denver 
24 28 33 36-121 
Fouled out— Wolton, G R O S S. 
Total fouls— Portland 34, Denver 
21. A — 17,975. 
Grid pact 

EDMONTON (AP) - 
Linebacker 
Charles 
Anthony from the 
University of 
South 
California has signed with the Edmonton Es­ kimos of the Canadian 
Football League, it was announced Saturday. 

Matthews. 
Cev, 
LA 
Parker, 
Simmons, 
Hendrick, 
Yeager. 
Evans, 
Cromortie, 

Att 

Pit 
StL 
SD 
LA 
SF 
Mtl 
Robinson, 
Pit 
Smith, 
LA 
Boisclair, 
NY 
Cash, 
Mtl 
Ferguson. 
Hou 
Trillo, 
Chi 
Lopes, 
LA 
Kingman, 
N Y 
Hill, 
SF 
Rader, 
SD 
Thmasson, 
SF 
Kranepool 
NY 
Rocked, 
All 

45 
43 
46 
46 
49 
32 
3o 
39 
28 
42 
2o 
43 
35 
35 
44 
47 
27 
39 
3o 
4o 
4o 

. H 
19 
17 
18 
18 
19 
12 
11 
14 
IO 
15 
J 
IS 
12 
12 
15 
16 
9 
13 
IO 
13 
13 

H R R B I Pct 
I 
5 422 
12 395 
IO .391 
8 .391 
5 388 
8 .375 
7 .367 
4 .359 
8 .357 
13 .357 
5 .35o 
3 349 
5 .343 
5 .343 
2 .341 
IO .34o 
o .333 
IO .333 
2 .333 
6 .325 
5 .325 

Murcer, 
Chi 
37 
6 
12 
3 
8 .324 
Carter, 
Mtl 
34 
5 ll 
5 
8 .324 
Madlock, 
SF 
47 
IO 
IS 
2 
5 .319 
McCovey, 
SF 
38 
6 
12 
7 
IO .316 
Winfield, 
SD 
54 
8 
17 
o 
9 .315 

Griffey, 
Cie 
51 
IO 
16 
2 
8 .314 
Stennett. 
Pit 
42 
6 
13 
I 
8 .31o 
Dejesus, 
Chi 
39 
4 
I ? 
I 
5 .3o8 
Herndon 
SF 
2o 
2 
6 
I 
3 .3oo 
Perez 
Mtl 
4o 
6 
12 
3 
9 .3oo 
Sizemore 
Phi 
27 
2 
8 
I 
I 
.296 
Garvev 
LA 
47 
9 
14 
3 
13 .298 
Gilbreath 
Att 
44 
4 
13 
o 
4 .295 
Rose 
Gin 
44 
13 
13 
I 
7 .295 
CJohnson 
Htn 
24 
4 
7 
3 
6 
292 
Biittner 
Chi 
37 
4 ll 
o 
5 .297 
Morgan 
Cm 
39 
6 ll 
3 
12 .28? 
Watson 
Htn 
39 
8 
11 
o 
2 .282 
Boone 
Phi 
2? 
I 
7 
o 
5 .318 
Clark 
SF 
25 
2 
7 
o 
I 
28o 
Baker 
LA 
36 
6 
IO 
I 
5 .278 
Johnstone 
Phi 
29 
3 
8 
o 
5 .276 
KHrnandz 
StL 
4o 
J l l 
3 
9 
275 
Ivie 
SD 
4o 
6 ll 
I 
5 .275 
Russell 
LA 
51 
8 
14 
o 
6 .275 
Luzinski 
Phi 
33 
6 
9 
2 
8 .273 
Cabell 
Htn 
48 
5 
13 
o 
3 .771 
Monday 
LA 
41 
5 ll 
I 
3 .268 
Cncepcion 
Cm 
45 
3 
12 
o 
3 .267 
Tenate 
SD 
49 
8 
13 
3 
15 .265 
Bowa 
Phi 
34 
4 
9 
I 
I .265 
Ontiveros, 
Chi 
34 
I 
9 
I 
I .265 
Brock, 
StL 
38 
2 
IO 
o 
I .263 
Parrish, 
Mtl 
38 
2 
IO 
o 
3 .263 
Almon, 
S D 
46 
5 
12 
o 
2 
261 
G Q O N ZA LE Z, 
HOU 
23 
2 
6 
o 
o .261 
Mitterwald, 
Chi 
23 
4 
6 
I 
I .261 
Morales, 
Chi 
39 
3 
IO 
o 
8 .756 
Burroughs, 
Att 
43 
IO ll 
5 ll 
.256 
Cruz, 
Hou 
43 
5 ll 
o 
5 .256 
Over, 
Pit 
28 
2 
I 
2 
5 .25o 
Office, 
Att 
52 
5 
13 
I 
5 .25o 
Montanez, 
Atl 
5o 
7 
12 
2 
5 .24o 
Templeton, 
StL 
46 
8 ll 
o 
5 .239 

Foster, 
Cm 
42 
3 
IO 
I 
IO .738 
Hooton, 
LA 
13 
12 
3 
7 
I 
I 
1.38 
Reitz, 
StL 
42 
4 
IO 
I 
7 .238 
Fingers, 
SD 
12 
8 
I 
IO 
2 
o 
I 5o 
Valentine, 
Mtl 
38 
8 
9 
4 
IO .237 
Richard, • 
HOU 
22 
15 
8 
13 
I 
o 
I 64 
McBrldge, 
StL 
34 
5 
8 
2 
6 .235 
Brown, 
Mtl 
IS 
IO 
6 
8 
I 
o 
I 8o 
Andrews, 
SF 
39 
4 
9 
o 
3 .231 
Gossage, 
Pit 
IO 
5 
6 
7 
I 
o 
1.8o 
Stearns, 
N Y 
39 
2 
9 
I 
3 .231 
Hougn, 
LA 
15 
IO 
2 
13 
2 
o 
1.8o 
Turner, 
SD 
35 
6 
8 
I 
4 .229 
Rogers, 
Mtl 
2o 
15 
6 
15 
o 
I 
1.8o lorg. 
Phi 
22 
3 
5 
o 
2 .227 
Lerch, 
Phi 
14 
12 
3 
7 
I 
I 
I 93 
Royster, 
Atl 
5o 
4 ll 
I 
3 .22o 
Rau, 
LA 
13 
16 
2 
3 
2 
o 
2.o8 
Garner, 
Pit 
41 
5 
9 
2 
3 .22o 
Montefusco, 
SF 
21 
15 
7 
23 
I 
I 
2.14 
Geronimo, 
Cm 
41 
4 
9 
I 
4 .22o 
Kison, 
Pit 
71 
18 
5 
13 
I 
I 
2 57 
Kessinger, 
StL 
23 
5 
5 
o 
I 
.217 
Twitchell, 
Phi 
13 
IO 
7 ll 
o 
I 
2.77 
Cruz, 
StL 
33 
6 
7 
I 
4 .21? 
Zachry, 
Cin 
15 
13 
2 
IO 
I 
I 
3 OO 
Mazzilll, 
N Y 
45 
7 
9 
o 
I 
2oo 
Rasm ussen, 
StL 
23 
17 
3 
7 
I 
2 
3 13 
Pocoroba. 
Atl 
25 
2 
5 
o 
5 
2oo 
Bonham, 
Chi 
14 
12 
2 
6 
I 
I 
3 21 
Soerring, 
Hou 
?o 
o 
4 
o 
o .2oo 
Bostwick, 
Cin ll 
I? 
I 
6 
o 
2 
3.27 
Taveras, 
Pit 
46 
5 
9 
o 
o .196 
Konieczny, 
HOU ll ll 
5 
4 
I 
o 
3.27 
Bench, 
Cm 
36 
4 
7 
I 
I .194 
Carlton, 
Phi 
16 
16 
3 ll 
I 
I 
3 38 
Stoiger, 
NY 
31 
4 
6 
I 
2 .194 
R.Reuschel, 
Chi 
13 
IO 
3 
IO 
I 
I 
3 46 
Champion, 
SD 
47 
3 
9 
o 
I 
.191 
Burris, 
Chi 
18 
13 
3 ll 
I 
2 
3.5o 
Milton, 
NY 
47 
8 
9 
o 
2 
191 
Denny, 
SIL 
IR 
2o 
9 
4 
3 
o 
3 SO 
Metzler, 
Hou 
33 
2 
6 
o 
o .182 
Holicki, 
SF 
18 
19 
6 
9 
2 
I 
3 SO 
Milner, 
NY 
22 
3 
4 
I 
4 .18? 
Koosman, 
N Y 
22 
16 
IO 
16 
I 
I 
3 68 
Moreno, 
Pit 
33 
2 
6 
o 
2 .182 
Niekro, 
Atl 
23 
22 
12 
18 
o 
2 
3.91 
Schmidt, 
Phi 
33 
6 
6 
3 
3 
182 
Messersm ith.Atl 
29 26 
6 
13 
2 
4 34 
Driessen, 
Cin 
4o 
3 
7 
I 
3 
175 
Anduiar, 
Hou 
16 
IS 
4 
7 
I 
o 
4.5o 
Dawson, 
Mtl 
37 
I 
6 
o 
I 
.162 
Stanhouse, 
Mtl 
16 
13 
8 
7 
I 
I 
4 5o 
Olivzr, 
Pit 
31 
4 
5 
o 
3 .161 
Matlock, 
N Y 
21 
25 
2 
16 
o 
2 
4 71 
Foil, 
Mtl 
44 
I 
7 
o 
2 .159 
Hannahs, 
Mtl 
19 
16 
8 
12 
I 
I 
4.74 
Gardner, 
Hou 
2o 
I 
3 
o 
I .15o 
Norman, 
Cin 
15 
15 
9 
18 
o 
I 
4 8o 
Cardenal, 
Chi 
3o 
5 
4 
o 
I 
.133 
Frelsleben, 
SD 
2o 
18 
7 
7 
o 
3 
4 95 
Harrelson, 
N Y 
31 
I 
4 
o 
o .129 
Lemongello, 
Ho 
18 
28 
I 
6 
o 
3 
5.oo 
Richards, 
SD 
4o 
8 
5 
o 
o .125 
Jones, 
SD 
21 
3? 
2 
4 
I 
2 
5.14 
Maddox, Phi 
4o 
5 
4 
I 
3 .IOO 
Frym an, cm 
17 
19 
13 ll 
I 
I 
5 29 
Barr, 
SF 
17 
18 
2 
IO 
2 
I 
5 82 
P IT C H IN G 
Sawyer, 
SD 
12 
16 
5 
5 
I 
I 
6 oo 
I or m ore decisions 
Billingham, 
Cin 
19 
24 
7 
I? 
I 
I 
6.16 
IP 
H B B . SO W 
L E R A 
Demery, 
Pit 
IO 
13 
3 
3 
o 
I 
6 3o 
Shirley, 
SD 
17 
14 
5 16 
I 
o.53 
McGlothen, 
S F 
IO ll 
6 
6 
o 
2 
6.3o 
Espinosa, 
N Y 
13 
8 
o 
4 2 
o 
o 69 
Rhoden, 
LA 
13 
14 
2 
6 
2 
o 
6 92 
Sutter, 
Chi 
IO 
6 
o ll o 
o 
o.9o 
John, 
LA lo 
15 
4 
8 
o 
I 
7 7o 
Ruthven, 
Atl 
75 
19 
8 
2o 3 
o 
1.o8 
Christenson, 
Phi 
12 
22 
4 
8 
I 
I 
.7 5o 
Seaver, 
N Y 
25 
IS 
5 
18 3 
o 
1.o8 
Fatcone, 
StL 
12 
14 
9 
7 
o 
2 
9 oo 
Sutton, 
LA 
25 
2o 
8 
IO 2 
o 
1.o8 
LaCorte, 
Atl 
IO 
14 
8 
7 
I 
I 
9.oo 
Forsch, 
StL 
23 
16 
8 
9 3 
o 
1.17 
Krukow, Chi 
IO 
16 
8 
5 o 
I 12 6o 
NBA gets rope tight 

A SSO C IA T E D PRESS 
The Philadelphia 76ers won 75 per cent of their regular-season games against the Boston Cel­ tics. The 76ers are main­ taining almost the same pace against the defend­ ing National Basketball 
Association champion 
Celtics in the playoffs. 
In fact, the 76ers can gain a 3-1 edge over the 
Celtics in 
Sunday’s 
• televised playoff game at 
Boston. That is the same margin Philadelphia had 

M oc designed patent leather 

For fashion— and comfort— choose “ Nathan*’, a patent leather slip-on by Johnston & 
Murphy. The sleek moc-toe style is enhanced by a distinctive saddle design. In white, beige or black soft patent leather. 
„ 

U N M IS T A K A B L Y 
Johnston 
& Murphy 

Frank Bros. 

On A lam o P ia z a ~ C e n tr a l Park M a ll— W indsor Park M a ll 

 over Boston during the 
82-game regular cmpaign. 
A 1o9-1oo victory by 
Philadelphia 
Friday night gave the 76ers a 2-1 lead in their best-ofseven 
Eastern 
Conference semifinal series against 
Boston. 
Also 
Sunday, the 
Denver Nuggets are at 
Portland and the Houston 
Rockets at Washington, in playoff series dead­ locked 1-1. Los Angeles takes a 2-o lead to Golden 
State in the other playoff series. All four will be televised regionally. 
Winner 
The winners of the 
Philadelphia-Boston and 
Houston-Washington ser­ ies will meet for the 
Eastern 
Conference crown while the sur­ vivors of the other two series clash for the Wes­ tern Conference title. 
“If we don’t win Sun­ day, we’re going to be in trouble,” understated 
Boston’s Jo Jo White. 
Although the Celtics are favored Sunday — as they were Friday night, they will have to do bet­ ter. “We had problems in the first half,” said Cel­ tics Coach Tom Hein- sohn. “We couldn't score early. We weren’t run­ ning or moving. We’ve got to get on track Sun­ day, or else.” 
That also means the 
76ers would take a 3-1 lead back to Philadelphia for Game 5 of the series 
Wednesday night. That might not be all bad for the Celtics, however, because Boston’s only victory thus far in the series was at 
Philadelphia. 
The tone has been set for the Denver-Portland series, says Nuggets 
Coach Larry Brown, whose team outmuscled the Trail Blazers 121-11o 
Friday night, tying the series. 
Physical 
“It was as physical a game as I’ve ever seen,” said Brown. 
The Trail Blazers lost 
Bill Walton because of fouls halfway through the final period Friday night. 

Se rvic e C e n te r H ou rs 
M o n d a y-F rid ay 9 -9 
Satu rd ay 9 -6 
Closed Sundays 

7142 N. SAN PEDRO AVE. 
238 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. DUNLOP GOLD SEAL 
STEEL BELTED RADIAL! 
WHITEWALLS! 

SIZE: 
FEO. 
EXC. TAX: 
PRICE: 

BR78-13 
2.o6 
3 
4 
8 8 

oR78-14 
2.38 
3 
7 
8 8 

ER78-14 
2.47 
3 
8 
8 8 

FR78-14 
2.65 
4 
1 
8 8 

GR78-M 
2.85 
4 
3 
8 8 

HR78-I4 
3.o4 
4 
6 
« 

GR78-15 
2.9o 
4 
4 
8 8 

HR78-15 
3.11 
4 
7 s . 

JR78-15 
3.27 
4 
8 
8 8 

IR78-15 
3.44 
5 
o 
8 8 

2 STEEL 
BELTS plus 
2 
POLYESTER 
CORDS! 

COUPON! 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT 
A 88 with 
H coupon 

■ R e g . Value 7.88 | 

Set Comber, Coster & Toe. 
I 
Shim s 
& lab or included. 
I 
O ffer go o d for most U.S. 
I cars, parts extro if needed. 
I 

INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED! 

LUBRICATION 
SPECIAL: 
Change O il & Replace Oil 
Filler. M otor Brand Oil. For i most cars with grease fifings 
" max. 5 guts 

8 
8 8 

MW Weigh* 
J 8 8 r I (MOW Weight 

DUNLOP 4 FULL P IY * 
POLYESTER CORDS! 
21 
2 2 b8 rn-1 j 

2 3 “ 

 a c TU; 
ITI 
177 

Ut; 
ROM 
CAU 
•ZOIS 

C A I I 
H A K 
(TAU 
H A U 

2 6 “ 

2 9 8 8 

3 4 " * * 

N/AH 
JTA rn 

JJA 15 
17A1J 

( W H IT E W A L L installation included1 “ white fiice 

P L U S O N L Y 

 l $ 3 . o o E A C H I -Fly ratings are monuforturer's ratings 6 specifications. 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 
2188 

•ach 

STANDARD: 

o E Q . W arranted for 
1 2,ooo Miles. 

PREMIUM: 

Warranteed A s Long 
A s You O w n the Car! 

OUR SHO CKS ARE REPLACED FREE IF 
ONE FAILS, INSTALLED FREE IF WE 
INSTALLED IT— UPON RETURN TO 
ANY OF OUR AUTO CENTERS STAN­ 
DARDS ARE WARRANTEED UP TO 
12,ooo 
MILES 
FROM 
PURCHASE. 
DATE 
AND PREMIUMS ARE W AR­ 
RANTEED AS LO N G AS YOU O W N 
THE CAR 

We have sizes to fit most U.S., Im-' ported Cars and Pick-ups. Expert in­ stallation is available. 

DUNLOP BELTED CT 
QUALIFIER TIRE! 
2 POLYESTER COROS plus 2 FIBERGLASS BELTS! 
RD. 
UZI: IXC TAX Pf KL 
47o-13 
1.o6 
32.88 
•7o-13 
M I 
34.88 
(7o-14 
2.47 
38.88 
(7o-14 
2.41 
42.88 
67o-14 
2.7« 
46.88 
67o-15 
2*4 
47.88 
o4o-13 
2.15 
37.88 
(4o-14 
2.6< 
41.88 
RAMO WHIT! UTTIRSI 

FIO 
SUI: OC TAX: NKI: f 4o-14 
2J2 
43.88 
64o-14 
3.o7 
46.88 
14o-14 
3.54 
56.88 foots 
2.93 
45.88 

66o-15 
3.oo 
46.88 

16o-15 
3.7o 
56.88 

BRAKE PACKAGE! 
Disc or Drums! 

Install new linings or disc pads, front grease seals, disc hardware & return springs. Turn and trge drums or rotors. 
Rebuild wheel cylinders 
& or disc calipers. Re­ pack front wheel bear­ ings. Adjust emergency brake. Safety road test your brake system. 

69" 
89" 

Drum Type 
All 4 W heels 

Disc Type 
All 4 W heels 
(Front Disc, 
Rear Drums) 

Your brake system will be inspected— if additional work or parts are needed, you'll be informed before work begins. 
FREE INSPECTION— N O OBLIGATION! 

Yew leek# System wM be Inspected — if any eddWeiu l wert rn p u t* ere needed, yen ll be bfEtns^kEfete teeth begins. 
FREE INSPECTION AT NO OBLIGATION! 

 m u ff le r 
SPECIAL! 

 en en 
P°r A n y 
8 
8 
Size 2 Y 
Muffler 
W e Stock! 

Quiet, Long-Lasting, 
Rust-Free Desig.i! 
INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED! 
Price plus clomps & hanger if needed. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday April 24 1977 
* H 

H u m 
* I m i 11 

A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
East 

Milwaukee 
Baltim ore 
T ororrto 
New York 
Cleveland 
Boston 
Detroit 

Chicago 
Oakland 
Kansas City 
Minnesota 
Texas 
California 
Seattle 

West 

 w 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
7 
4 
.636 
— 
6 
4 
.6oo 
7 
7 
.5oo 
I ” ? 
5 
8 
.385 
3 
4 
7 
.364 
3 
4 
7 
.364 
3 
5 
9 
.357 
3'/z 

8 
4 
.667 
_ 
9 
5 
643 
— 
8 
5 
.615 
Va 
9 
7 
563 
I 
7 
6 
.538 
I '.'a 
7 
8 
.467 
2’ 2 
6 ll 
,353 
4>/j 
F rid a y ’s G am e s 
Minnesota 4, Texas I 
California 7, M ilw aukee 4 
Chicago 8, Oakland 2 
Kansas City 6. Seattle 5 
Boston at Toronto, DDd., rain 
Baltim ore at Detroit, Dad., roin 
New York at Cleveland.opd., rom 
Satu rd ay's G am e s 
Oakland 3, Chicago 2 
Kansos City /, Seattle 5 
Texas I, Minnesota o 
New York 9, C levelan d 3, first g am e, second game, ppd . rain 
Baltim ore at Detroit, ppd . rain 
Boston at Toronto, ppd roin 
M ilwaukee at California 
Su n d ay's G am e s 
New Y o rk (P a tte rs o n O I and T id ro w o-1) at 
Cleveland (G arland o-2 and Eck e rsle y I O). 2 
Baltim ore (M a v 1-2 and Flanagan O O) at Detroit 
(B a re o-2 and Ruhle 2 1), 2 
Boston (Stanley I o) at Toronto (G a rv in 3-o) 
Minnesota (Redtern o-3) at Texas (Boggs O H 
Chicago (Knapp 2-o and Stone I I or B re tt 21) at 
Oakland (M edich 1-o and Norris O O), 2 
M ilwaukee (Staten I O) at California (T an an a 2-o) 
Kansas Citv (Colborn 2 1 and Spnttorff I O) at 
Seattle Eh rrlovk 2-1 and Segui o-3), 2 

S atu rd ay's G am e s 
Chicago 2, Cincinnati I 
Pittsburgh 6, New York 5 
San Francisco 4, M ontreal 2 
San Diego 7, Houston 2, first gam e 
St. Louis at Philadelphia 
Los Angeles 6, Atlanta 4 
Sunday's G am e s 
Pittsburgh (C abdekerua I O abd Rooker 2-1 or 
D em ery o-1) at New York (Koosm an 1-1 and E sp in ­ osa 2-o), 2 
St. Louis (Falc o n e o-2) at Ph ilad elp h ia (U n d e r­ wood OO) 
Cincinnati (Billingham l l ) ot Chicago (B u rris 
1-2 ) 
Los Angeles (Jo h n o-1) at Atlanta (M essersm ith l l ) 
San Francisco (B a r r 2 1) at M ontreat (Stanhouse l l ) 
San Diego (Freiselben o-3) at Houston Koniecznv 
IO ) 

 round playoff 
Son Diego 3, Winnipeg I, series tied 3-3 
Su n d ay's G am e s 
San Diego at Winnipeg, 8 p.m. 
Houston at Edmonton. 9 p.m., if necessary 
Sem ifinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Satu rd ay's G am e 
Quebec 3, Indianapolis I, Quebec leads series 1-o 

' a ' s 

S h o o ! i n ; * 

T E X A S L E A G U E 
E ast 

Shreveport 
Tulsa 
Jackson 
Arkansas 

W 
9 
Pct. 
.818 
SOO 
.364 
.3oo 

G B 

F IE S T A T R A P S H O O T 
At National G un Club 
Doubles: 
Champion — John Hail, Alvin, 97-IOO. 
B: 
Edw in Coward, Boerne, 89. C: 
J a y Robinson, 
Houston, 93. 
D: 
John Clendenin, Corpus Christi. 
89. Ladies: 
Wanda Coward, Boerne, 7o. Veteran: 
Johnny Downs, Houston, 76. 
Singles. 
Champion—John H all, Alvin. 
198 2oo 
A A: 
John Dale, Dallas. 195. 
A: 
Dean Ettinger, 
San Antonio, 196. 
B : 
Jim G orm an, San Antonio. 
194. 
C: 
C. Bouldin, Houston, 186. 
D : 
John 
Clendenin, Corpus Christi, 193. 
L a d ie s : 
Je a n 
Hall, Alvin, 174. 
Veteran: Johnn y Downs, Hous­ ton. 194. 
Sunday's Schedule: 
2oo H andicaip targets, 9:3o a.m. SO International Clay Targers. about 3 p.m. 

Ron 
Kilby, 
Houston 
Payne gsteworf, 
SMU 
Adrion 
Schietnan, 
Rice 
Reagan 
Brown. 
SMU 
Lelon 
Chiles, 
Arkansas 
Bobby 
Baker, 
Arkansas 
Jim 
Wallace. 
Savior 
Kent 
Wood. 
T Tech 
Dennis 
Northmgton, 
T.Tech 
Chris 
Mitchell, 
Houston 
Bill 
Murchison, 
TCU 
Dale 
Blackburn, 
Texas 
99 
TEA M TO TALS - Houston 577, Texas A&M 
6o4, Texas 6o9. Arkansas 614, SM U 615. Texas 
Rice 619. Baylor 632. 

75-76— ISI 
76-75— 151 
74 78-152 
7676— 152 
76 76-152 
7677-153 
•;'b-*4— 153 
77 76-153 
738o-153 
79 75-154 
79-75— 154 
75-79-154 

T e n n i s 

589, TCU 
Tech 616. 

S C R A M B L E R S 
Saturd ay's results at R ive rsid e; 
Team — GII 
Perez, Jo se Truiilto, Fran k Soto, Rout Caldillo, 76. 
Low Gross: — Greg Soto 82. Low Net — Fran k 
Soto. 92-22— 7o 

E l Paso 
Am arillo 
Midland 
San Antonio 

West 
1.ooo 
.571 
4oo 
.2oo 
F rid ay s G am e s 
Am arillo 6, Midland I 
E l P aso 8-7, San Antonio 1-2 
Arkansas 3, Tulsa I 
Shreveport 5, Jackson I 
Saturday s G am e s 
Am arillo at Midland 
El Paso at San Antonio. 2 
Arkansas at Jackson 
Tulsa at Shreveport 
Su n d ay's G am e s 
Arkansas at Jackson 
Am arillo at San Antonio 
Tulsa at Shreveport 
Only games scheduled 

T R IN IT Y W IN S 
Trinity defeated Texas A&M , 2642-2634, in a dual m atch to win the Southw est C o n fe re n ce R ifle 
Championships late Frid ay night. Both entered the meet with 7 o dual match records in conference action. It was Trinity's first league title since 1958. 
A & M w as the defending ch am pion. In d iv id u a l scorers for Trinity included Ja v ie r Irueg as 538, 
John Bernhard 532, Dannv Rodriguez 4511, Je sse 
Wong 539, Jam es Crowther 522 

C A R P E N T E R S 
Bill Kam perm an, Al Bettlev. D ale Allen, Donnie 
Newman, 41. Harold Leinw eber, Robert Hunter, 
Frank Foster, Oscar Uresti, 44 
M arty M artinez, 
Ken Cole, Rudv Ramos, D arrell Hastings, 44. 
L.C . B e rn ie record e d o hole in —one d u rin g tourney play. He used a wedge to ace the 9o yard. eighth hole. 

Ilioikotliall 

N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
E ast 
W 
L 
Pct 
G B 
St. Louis 
9 
4 
.692 
_ 
Montreol 
7 
5 
.583 
I Va 
Pittsburgh 
7 
6 
.538 
2 
Chicago 
5 
6 
.455 
3 
New York 
6 
8 
.429 
3' 2 
Philadelphia 
3 
West 
J 
.3oo 
4' 2 

Los Angeles 
IO 
3 
.769 
— 
Atlanta 
8 
6 
.571 
IV? 
San Francisco 
6 
7 
,462 
3 
San Diego 
7 
8 
.467 
3 
Houston 
5 
8 
.385 
4 
Cincinnati 
4 
9 
.3o8 
5 
F rid a y ’s Gam es 
Montreal 3, San Francisco 2. IO innings 
Cincinnati at Chicago, ppd., rain-cold 
San Diego 4, Houston 2 
Atlanta 6, Los Angeles 5 
St. Louis Kl, Philadelphia I 
Pittsburgh 4, New York 3 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
P L A Y O F F S 
All Tim es C ST 
Q uarter-finals f 
Best-ot-Seven 
Philadelphia wins series 4-2 
Boston wins series 4 2 
Sem ifinals 
Best-of-Seven 
Series I 
Satu rd ay's G am e 
M ontreal 4, New York Islan d ers 3, M on treal leads series 1-o 
T u e sd ay’s G am e 
New York Islanders at Montreal. 7:o5 p.m. 
W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
P L A Y O F F S 
All Tim es C ST 
Q uarter-finals 
Best-of-Seven 
F rid a y ’s G am e s 
Houston 4, Edm onton 3; H ouston w in s firs t 

Q uarter-finals 
Best-of Seven 
F rid ay 's G am es 
Philadelphia 1o9. Boston IOO; Ph ilad elphia leads series 2-1 
Denver 121, Portland HO, series tied l l 
Los Angeles 95, Golden State 86, Los Angeles leads series 2-o 
Su n d ay’s G am e s 
Philadelphia at Boston, 12:3o p.m. 
Houston at Washington, 12:3o p.m. 
Los Angeles at Golden State, 2:45 p m, 
Denver at Portland, 2.45 p m. 

C A M P F IR E G IR L S 
R esu lts of the Cam p F ir e G irls B e n e fit T o u r­ nament at Turtle Creek: I Bill England . Bob M o r­ ley, Bru ce Jefferies, John Su therland, 63; 2. Rex 
McCombs, Robert V illarreal, Bill Ash, John M e rce r. 
64; 3. LOU Belinsky, Cookie Belinsky, Sam Pantuso, 
Tony Coccoro, 65. 
O A K H IL L S 
Results of tke Blact and W kite Invitational al 
Oak Hills: Team Low Net -’’ I. Woody M cG il and 
Russell H ollers, 268; 2. M erla Boech and Don 
RLcks, 268; 3. Jim Ham by and G aylon Stroth, 268 
Team Low Gross — Jo ck Som m ers and JL m m y 
McCorauodale, 293. 

C O R P U S C H R IS T I (A P ) — H ere are Satu rd ay s semifinal results at the Southwest Conference tennis championships here. 
No. I singles — Don Valentine^, Houston, def Roo 
Hightower, Arkansas, 6 3, 36, 6 3; Ran dy C raw ford. 
TCU, del Ja i DfLoyie. SM U . 6 4, 62. 
No. 2 singles — Chris D elany, SM U . del Tom Mott, 
TCU, 6-1, 6 3; Paul Avis, gtexas. dei Buddy Bow man, Arkansas. 63, 3-6, 6 1 
No. 3 singles — Kevin Curren, Texas, def. Rick 
M eyers. TCU, 64, 63; Brion Sakev, A rkansas, def. 
M ark Turpin, SM U , 3-6, 6-1, 7 6 
No. 4 singles — Stewart K eller, Texas, def Pern 
G u erry. SM U, 62, 6-2; Tut Bortzen Jr ., TCU. def. 
M ike Moss, Texas A&M , 6 2, 63. 
No. 5 singles — Brad Nabers, Texas, def D avid 
K e lly, TCU, 6 1,6 4; M ark V ines, S M U , def M ike 
Vogl. Arkansas, 6o, 61. 
No 6 singles — David Bohrnstedt, SM U , dei C arl 
Crozier, Baylor, 7-6, 6-2; Steve Denton, Texas, def 
Jim Adin, TCU, 6-4, 63. 
No. I doubles — Mott M eyers, TC U . def. Bohrn stedt-Delany, SM U . 7-6. 3-6, 6-4; G o ry Plock Curren. 
Texas, del Valentincic-Bob Dowlen, Houston, 7-6, 
6-2 
No: 2 doubles — K eller A vis, Texas, def. Tony 
S to c k m a n S c o tt M u e lle r , H o u s to n , 6-2. 7 6. 
D iL o u ie T V U R P I N , S M U , def. H ig h to w e r-John 
Bailey. Arkansas, 6-3. 3-6, 6-3 4 
No. 3 doubles — Vines G u e rry, SM U . def Fronk 
W olak R icard o Cortes. R ice, 62. 6 2; N ab e rs Den ton, Texas, def. Peter Hawking Robert Cox, A rk a n ­ sas, 4-6, 6-3, 7-5. 
SW T 6, Abilene Christian o 
Singles: 
Dominiaue Dumillon, SW T , dei. Andv 
Joiner, ACU, 3 "6, 6 2. 6 3. G a rry Seym our, SW T , def. B ry a n Fow lkes, 6-4, 6-4 
Tom D eovenport, 
SW T, def. Steve Foster, 6-7, 63, 62. B ria n Lew is, 
SW T . def. Rick Northern, 6 3, 62. 
Doubles: 
Seym our and Deovenport,def. SW T , def. Foster and Fo w lk e s, 6 I, 6-1. L e w is and 
Dumillon, SW T, dot. Joiner and Northern, 6 4, 6 4 

H o r s # * H a r i n g llaM »liall 

 l . o l i 

T Y L E R , Tex (A P ) — H ere are the leaders after the second round of the Southw est 
C o n fe re n c e soring golf tournament af Briarw ood Country Club: 

Ed 
Fiori, 
Houston 
71 73-144 
Mike 
Booker, 
Houston 
71-73— 144 
John 
Stark, 
Houston 
72 72—144 
David 
Ishii, 
Houston 
74 71-145 
Monte 
Schauer, 
A&M 
72 73-145 
Doug 
Ward, 
A&M 
75-71-146 
Bobby 
Baker, 
A&M 
75-73—148 
Bobby 
Baugh' 
TCU 
72 77-149 
Steve 
Novak, 
Texas 
74-75-149 
Brad 
Ritter, 
TCU 
78 72— 15o 
Greg 
Storm. 
Arkansas 
74-76-15o 
Stewart 
Shockley. 
Texas 
74-76-15o 
Dave 
Ogrtn. 
A&M 
73-77-15o 
Kevin 
Grunewold, 
TCU 
77-74-151 

A Q U E D U C T : 
Wood 
M em orial —Seattle 
Slew 
(52.2o). Sanhedrin, Catalan. I'/e m iles in I 49 35 
K E E N E L A N D : 
562,o5o 
Aehtand 
Stakes 
Sound of Su m m er 12o.2o), M rs . W a rre n , Our 
Mims. Seven furlongs in 1:26 4/5. 
A Q U E D U C T : 
Steve Cauthen rode four m ore winners Saturday boosting his victory total for the year to 233, 214 of them at Aqueduct. 
H IA L E A H : 
564,ooo Poinsettia P u rs e — Cold 
Hearted (537), Countess. G reat M iracle l'» miles in I SO 25. 
L O U IS IA N A D O W N S: 
Feature — Tim Tam Dip 
(511.2o), Beau Table. Little Joshua. I mile 7o yds. in 1:45.2. 
D U T C H M A N D O W N S 
Feature — Lad y's Ja m ie 
B a r, Fly B a r Bau, S Cascade Bau. 22o yds in 
12.3 Racing begins ot 2 p.m. at the Comal Country 
F a ir Grounds park New Braunfels. The 35o yard 
Dutchm an's Cham pionhsip is the feature ot the seven race cord. 
S P O R T S M A N 'S : 51o4,925 Illinois D e rb y — Flog 
Officer (56.6o) Time Call, Cisk. One and one-eight miles on 1:52 1/5. 

^ IN L A N D : 
Sunshine 
H an d icap —Apostolic 
(SS), Jo lly Poppa, Dancing Deckkand. Six furlongs in 1:o9 

A L A M O C IT Y L E A G U E 
Sunday s games at Central C YO . 11:3o a rn. — - 
Bre n tw o o d vs. C itv T ra n s m is s io n ; 2 p m. — 
D o yle s Billiards vs. LaFu en te Ballroom . 4:3o — 
Rudv s Lounge vs. Newby's. 

N O R T H W E S T A M E T E U R L E A G U E 
Sunday's games at Holy Cross Field 
1:15 p m. 
—Denver Be ars vs. Randolph A rea M erch an ts, 
4 — Soto's Cafe vs. Brow n Bugs. 

East Texas Baptist 3-1, St. M a ry s o-9 
Huston-Tillotson 1o 2. Texas Lutheran 7-12 
Southwestern 8, St E d w ard s o 
Texas Tech 5 4, Rice 4-3 
L am a r 9, Texas-Arlington 6 
Texas A&M 7-3, Houston I O 
D allas Baptist 7 6, Lubbock Christian 67 
New Mexico 656 8, Texas-EI Paso 2-5 
Texas Wesleyan 7-1, M idw estern I O 

Temple JC 12-6, SAC 62 
Pra irie View A&M 13-5, Texas Southern 1-1 
Baylor 15 12, Southern Methodist 67 

BJO R N B O R G wears down Bob 
Hewitt Saturday en route to a 
6-3, 6-4 victory and a berth in 
Sunday’s finals of the Grand Prix 
Tournament in 
Denver. — AP 
Wirephoto 
Bradley leads by 2 

RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Pat Brad­ ley, clung to her second-round lead in the $5o,ooo American Defender Golf 
Classic Saturday, shooting a one- under-par 71 and going nine-under after 3o holes with a 135 total. 
“ The toughest day is over,” said 
Miss Bradley, adding she had to fight off a “ case of nerves” before Satur­ day’s round at the 6,123-yard North 
Ridge Country Club course. 
JoAnn Garner and Kathy Whitworth were two shots behind Bradley at 137, while rookie Debbie Massey was at 138. 
Kathy Martin, with a five-under 31 on the front nine, carded the day’s best score of 67 and was five shots back at 
139. 
Miss Bradley, of Arlington, Mass., bogeyed the first and sixth holes, but birdied four, eight and nine to make the turn one-under at 35. 

“ We had a lot of hold-ups on the front nine and I got nervesick each time,” she said. “ But I began to relax on the back and it helped.” 
Miss Whitworth missed only two greens while tallying four birdies. Her round was highlighted by a 6(l-foot putt, which she rolled in for a birdie at the 4o2-yard 1oth. 
Mrs. Garner, meanwhile, said her putting kept her from getting closer to the lead. 
“ My putter was like an ice cube,” she said. “ I had 37 putts. I birdied every par-5 hole, but they were all either on two-putts or after chipping up close. 
“ But I like being a couple of shots off the lead,” she said. “ In every tour­ nament I’ve won, I’ve come from two or three strokes behind. In fact, I think ifs easier that way.” 

LPGA scores 

R A L E IG H , N C. (A P ) - Scores after Saturday s second round in the 54-bole A m e rica n D e fen der 
G o lf C la s s ic at N o rth R id g e 
Country Club 

PatBradlev 
64-71 — 135 
JoAnnCarner 
67 7o-137 
Kathy Whitworth debbieAustin 
7o 69-139 
SandraPost 
7o 69-139 
Jud vRankin 
69 7o— 139 
Bonnie Lauer 
1 — 141 
CorolMann 
71-71 — 142 
DotGermain 
7o 72-142 
Jeriiyn Britz 
73-69-142 
KarolvnKertzm an 
72 71 — 143 
SondraSouzich 
7o 73-143 
G loriaEhret 
72-72-144 
SandraPaim er 
71 73— 144 
BonnieBryant 
73-71-144 
SallvLittle 
73-/1 — 144 
Beth 
Solomon 
72-72— 144 

15 YOUR 8 N o c r v 

HERE’S FORD’S A N SW ER 

“ FO R D 
M O D E L 1 6 o o 

4495 
STANDARD 3-POINT HITCH! 
USE EXISTING IMPLEMENTS!! 

• 2 3 -hp * diesel engine • Thrifty and dependable • 9 speed transm ission • W ork speeds from 
8 to 8 .7 mph • Power an d weight to handle 2-bottom plows • Single-level hydraulics • Eosy 

 to use and powerful • Differential lock, standard, keeps you going in w et places • Standard 
5 4 o rpm PTO • Econom ical workpower. 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
• 
Ph on e 5 3 3 -5 1 4 5 ^ 
J 3 9 S te v e s A v e . 
W TT set 
Tech tough 

THE WOODLANDS (AP) - The Soviet team of 
Alex Metreveli and Olga Morozova and the San 
Francisco Golden Oaters pair of Frew McMillan and 
Francoise Durr advanced Saturday to the finals of the $76,ooo World Team Tennis (W TT) mixed doubles tournament. 
The Metreveli-Morozova team advanced by defeating the Los Angeles Strings team of Dennis 
Ralston and Rosie Casals, 4-6, 7-6, 7-5, in one semifinal match while McMillan and Miss Durr beat the New York Apples pair of Billie .lean King and 
Sandy Mayer, 6-3, 2-6, 6-4, in the other. 
The winner in Sunday’s finals will earn $2o,ooo before a national television audience at The Wood­ lands Country Club. 
Mayer and Mrs. King will meet Ralston and Miss 
Casals in a third place playoff. 
Coog golfers lead 

TYLER (AP) — Houston continued to run away from the field in the Southwest Conference Spring 
Golf Tournament Saturday as Cougars Ed Fiori, 
Mike Booker and John Stark tied the the individual lead. 
The Cougars one-over-par team figure of 577 is 12 better than second-place Texas A&M, which posted a 
36-hole figure of 589. 
David fshii of Houston trailed his three leading teammates by only one stroke. Fiori, Booker and 
Stark have even-par 144s and Ishii posted a 145 for a fourth-place tie with Monte Schauer of A&M. 
Sixth and seventh place belonged to A&M golfers 
Doug Ward with a 146 and Bobby Baker with a 148. 

LUBBOCK (A P ) - 
Texas Tech’s Doug House yielded the Rice Owls only four hits and struck opt eight in the opener while Tom Black held 
Rice on seven hits in the nightcap as the Red 
Raiders swept a South­ west Conference doub­ leheader, 
5-o, 
4-3, 
Saturday. 
Paul Johnston led the 
Raiders at the plate as he collected six singles in seven trips to the plate as he scored two runs. 
The Raiders’ record goes to 24-24 on the sea­ son and 11-12 in SWC play. The Owls tally drops to 22-26 on the year and 9-14 in SWC action. 
The two teams will wind up their series with a single game Sunday. 

A lM S i Sportins Goods 
S H O P M O N D A Y & T H U R S D A Y ’TIL 9 P.M . 

First game 
Rice 
OOO OOO o -o 
4 2 
Texas Tech 
2o1 IO) x—5 IO o 
Ram irez and Hinson. House and 
H a r r is . 
W — H o u s e , 
5-7 
L —Ram irez, 8-4. 
Second game 
Rice 
OOO IOO o2o—3 
7 o 
Texas Tech 
OOO o4o OOx—4 9 2 
Holder and Hinson Block and 
L e im g ru b e r 
W — B la c k , 8-4. 
L — H o ld e r. o— 5. H R — R ic e , 
Haves. A —35o. 

8 
, u m 
FACTORY u 
SER V IC E W H IL E Y O U W A IT ! 

N O A P P O IN T M E N T N E C E S S A R Y 

M A J O R CREDIT C A R D S AC C EPT ED 
SPECIALS 

S P E C IA L S O N L Y W IT H C O U P O N 

TU N E-U P SP EC IA L 
(INCLUDES ALL PARTS A LABOR LISTED BELOW) 

Includes plugs, points, con- 
JJT Q Q denser and labor. 
Special 
M 
« 
» good tor most American four l l cylinder cars and trucks. 
6 cyl. $29.99 
E X P IR E S 5 -6 -7 7 
8 cyl. $34.99 E 

SP E C IA L S O N L Y W IT H C O U P O N 

UNDERCOATING 
SPECIAL 
$ 

Protect your cor from rust and corrosion. Reduce road noise. Extends the life of your car. 
21 

95 

E X P IR E S 5 -6 -7 7 

SP E C IA L S O N L Y W IT H C O U P O N 
S P E C IA L S O N L Y W IT H C O U P O N 

WHEEL ALIGNMENT 

Front-end alignment for ^ __ 
_ most Ford cars. (Parts 5 ^ 
Q Q extra if needed.) 
______ 
R E G .$ 1 8 .o o 

E X P IR E S 5 -6 -7 7I O 

$ 

TRANSMISSION SERVICE 
SP EC IA L 

Drain & replace fluid, adjust 

 bands, adjust linkage. 
In- (ft ^ "*99 

 dudes oil & gasket. On most 
^ 
American cors and light 
Trucks. 
27 
E X P IR E S 5 -6 -7 7 

* M A J O R CREDIT C A R S ACCEPTED - ALL SER V ICE W O R K G U A R A N T E E D 
GILLESPIE FORD 

2 3 o o BROADWAY/A lam o 
2 2 7 - 1 4 1 1 

Champ keeps crown 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N EW S 
KINGSVILLE — Susan 
Jungman of Premont successfully defended her Region IV-AA singles championship Saturday by defeating Debbie Cook of Randolph. 6-3, 6-o, for the right to advance to the state meet next week in Austin. 
The doubles team of 
Marcella Carrizales and 
Merry Heiser of Pearsall also advanced to state for the second year in a row with a 6-3, 6-3 win over 
Cindy Gumm and Mary 
McKnight of Refugio. 
Zane Cudd of Pearsall took the third place sin­ gles match over Linda 
Marie Gonzalez of Ben­ avides, 6-o, 6-2, and Edna 
Sanchez and Molly Miller of Bishop won the third place doubles by downing 
Sylvia Diaz and Brenda 
McDow of Goliad, 6-4, 
6- 1. 
Cup win 

LONDON 
(AP) 
- 
Manchester United beat 
Leeds 2-1 in the Football 
Association Cup semifin­ als 
Saturday to go through to the final at 
Wembley for the second straight year. 

Make Oshman’s Your 
TENNIS HEADQUARTERS 

'HEAD 

MASTER 

TENNIS 
RACKET 
FRAME 
39.95 

CLASSIC ll 
TENNIS 
RACKET 
FRAME 

49.95 
S 

W i l t o n 

KRAMER 
AUTOGRAPH 
FRAME 

31.95 

WILSON KRAMER, JR. 
AUTOGRAPH F R A M E 2 4 .9 5 

H 
P f 

KEN 
ROSEWALL 
LEATHER 
TENNIS 
SHOES 

Smooth, full grain cowhide tennis shoe with double tough all-court sole. Lace-to- 

 toe for snug fit. Cushioned ankle and heel collar and built-in arch support. 
16.99 

W i l t o n 
TENNIS 
BAG 

19wx11 "x1o". 
With 27" zipper. 
Clean- 

 lined reinforced vinyl is tough, stain resis­ 

 tant. Assorted colors. 
19.95 

EDGEROY 
BALL 
PRESS 

Keeps used tennis balls alive and is proven to maintain official tennis ball bounce longer. Break resistant plastic. 
9.95 

OSHMAN’S will Custom String your RACKETS 

Gut.................................................. from 17.5o to 25.oo 

Nylon 
........................................... from 7.oo to 11.oo 

O S H Ivl A M . 
S’ Sporting Goods 
727 NORTH W E ST LOOP 41o 
Phone 342-4281 
Betw een San Pedro & Blanco Road 
[A cross From Central Park M all] 
AM O SU M A M ’S C H A R G E OR U S E YO U R S AM K A M E R IO A R O OR M A S T E R C H A R G E kO PEM 

( 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 I 977 
Win or chin 

By CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF THE EXPRESS-NEWS STAFF 
Those scroungy looking guys with the beards in shorts and tennis shoes are the Southwest 
Texas State tennis team. 

SWT ten n is Coach N eal K inlund believes in good grooming but he also believes in winning. So Kinlund has a beard,too. 
“ Everyone with the team has a beard and we won’t shave until we lose,” said Kinlund, whose Bobcats will have the favorite's role beginning 
Sunday in the Lone Star Conference tennis championships at Kingsville. 
For the record, the SWT netters {Pave not cut their facial hair sin ce they knocked off pre-season favorite East 
Texas, 5-1, April I, in Commerce. 
“Our captain 
(Tom 
Deavenport) said the team wanted to do something out of the common place that would serve as a unifying force after we beat 
East Texas,” said Kinlund. 
For i t 
“ He wanted everybody to start a beard and not cut it until we got beat. I was all for it. 
“I told them if they wanted me to go stand on my head in the corner — and it would make them win — then I d do it." said Kinlund. 
So when the B ob cats b egin play 
Sunday they will be attired in beards. 
SWT wipped out Angelo State and 
Abilene Christian this week to boost its dual match mark to 27-3, and a healthy seven-point lead over East Texas. 
Each win in the conference tourney will be added to the dual match vic­ tories to determine the league 

 champion. 
East Texas is the defending cham ­ pion and has IO outright titles and one co-championship in the last 13 years. 
SWT won it in 1975, Kinlund's second year as coach. 
“ I would like to go into the tour­ nament with at least 25 points,” Kin­ lund said ea rlier in the w eek, not knowing how the Angelo and Abilene matches would turn out. 
“ But I wouldn't count East Texas out yet.” he said. “They really didn’t know anything about three of my players that were new. I felt they were very overconfident when we saw them .” 
P laying No. I for the B ob cats is 
Frenchman Dominiuue Dumillon, who joined the team at mid-term, and No. 2 is Garry Seym our, son of Lakeway tennis pro Russell Seymour. Seymour transferred from Miami, F'la. 
Deavenport, who played No. I two years ago as a sophomore, is No. 3. 
“That says something for the level of our tennis," said Kinlund. 
Lewis 
The No. 4 sin gles player is Brian 
Lew is, a highly-regarded tra n sfer from Central Texas Junior College in 
Killeen. 
Kinlund feels the key to his team ’s past and future success, however, is doubles. SWT has lost only one con­ ference doubles match. 
“ I think our doubles will be our sal­ vation.” said Kinlund. “ I don’t know why but our doubles team s have a l­ ways done w ell. Our No. 2 doubles team has won the conference tourney the past two years.” 
Seymour and Deavenport make up the No. I doubles team and Dumillon and Lewis are No. 2. 

 r.. 
111 
V I 
... -v -v 
. v 
/W * v>, 
'f$'’ J; 
T rack m eet 

DOMINIQUE DUMILLON 

$ 
V 

 number I 

 ll lllllll 

Continued from Page IS 

 events with only one field event fin­ ished, the public address announcer reported, “ And in third place is San 
Antonio Houston with 43 points, Lamar 
Consolidated is second with 46 and 
Austin Lanier leads at 48.” . 
But both Houston and Lam ar had spent all available entries while Lanier had firepower waiting in the wings. 
But the Alamo City schools did well overall, sending one relay and eight individuals to the upcoming state meet in Austin. 
The Houston sprint relay, which set a region al record of 48.8 in the prelim inaries Friday, was nudged at the tape in the finals by Lamar Con­ solidated with a 49.o. 
Running for Houston, which finished at 49.1, were Shirene T aylor, Betty 
Pinnix, Debra Pinnix and Toy Roberts. 
Taylor, who set a regional and city record in the 8o-yard hurdles Friday with a 1o.7, showed tremendous cour­ age in winning the ev ent in the finals. 
The Houston sophom ore, who has been a hampered by an injured ankle all season , grim aced in pain after crossing the finish line but it would have been hard to convince her com petitors that she was hurt while running. 
Debra Pinnix, who is accustomed to 

 crossing the finish line in the 22o out front, found she had com pany when 
Austin LBJ’s Cassandra Graham out- leaned her to win the ur ong. Both runners were timed at a record 24.9. 
For the MacArthur Brahmas, Satur­ day became the first time this season they did not take hom e the team trophy. And for their ace sprinter, 
L’Anna Howard, it was a day of ups and downs. 
After finishing third behind Graham and Pinnix in the 22o, her face showed the despair of failing to qualify for the state meet. 
Later in the IOO, it appeared that 
Howard might be disappointed again, as she was running fourth or fifth in a close race about 25 yards from the wire. 

Suddenly, just as an au tom obile shifts gears, Howard exploded to the finish line. After judges viewed video­ tapes of the bunched finish, Howard had earned a ticket to Austin with a second place. 

And the winner, as if you have not guessed, was LBJ’s Graham at 11.4. 
“ My team mate (Beverly Porter) is going to the state,” Howard said, still gasping for air after the race. “ And we always did things together. I really wanted to go with her.” 
Regional results 

GARRY SEYMOUR number 2 

C L A S S A A A A 
Team Sco rin g: 
A u stin L an ie r 
84. L a m a r Cons. 46. H ouston 43, 
M a c A r t h u r 38, E l C a m p o 34, 
Calhoun 28, A ustin A n d e rso n 28. 
V ictoria 24, A lice 2o, A u stin L B J 
2o, A ustin R e a gn a n 16, M e m o ria l 
14, H a rlin g e n 14, H o lm e s 13, Son 
M a rc o s 12, Ja y 12. E d in b u rg ll, 
Austin Crockett IO, R oosevelt 9, 
C lem ens 7. F ox Tech and E a st 
Central 6, B ro w n sville H a n n a 6, 
V ic to ria S tro m a n 6, S e g u in 4, 
B a y City 4, K in a sville 3, M issio n 
Now, choose the 
Wmnebaji oyou like and get a cash-back bonus you’ll love I 

S5oo CASH BACK on Chieftain 

H ere’s the classic W innebago in three handsome models from 23 to 
26 feet. They're long on living room, comfort and convenience features in clu d in g separate bathroom and tub/shower facilities. Get all this. 

 plus the solid strength of W inne­ bago's Thermo-Steel® construction now at a remarkable saving! Cash back bonus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on this page. 

$3ooCASH BACK on Brave" 

JIE t m iii rn Si 

■a f — ® 
..... 
V.M 

Want full-size motor home space and comforts at an affordable price? 
Tw o models. 21 and 26 feet, give traditional W innebago styling and quality construction, plus sleeping 

 accommodations for three to seven. 
Solid values, the kind that's made 
W innebago No. I in motor homes. 
Cash back bonus subject to restric­ tion detailed elsew here on this page. 

 f cr■ 
$3ooCASH BACK on Minnie Winnie 

I 
I a a a a a a aa 
J■a aa a a a a a a a 
M 

 a a a a a aaa aBiI" a a a a a a 

 a ah 

$5oo CASH BACK on Custom 

/WOO, 

Choose 26 to 29-foot models, all long on living space, and quality features. Take your choice of four floor plans, three color-keyed in­ teriors. Not inexpensive, but their 

 price may surprise you. W e've made these motor homes luxurious, but we've also made them a value. C ash- back bonus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on t h is page. 

$3ooCASH BACK on Sportsman’s Den 

It's the great indoors for outdoors- men! 24 and 25-foot motor homes built expressly for outdoor-lovers. 
With safe, handy racks for rods and guns, extra storage space for gear, open space floor plan and full 

 kitchen women will love. Generator, 
AC and other “extras” included in its modest price. Cash-back bonus subject to restrictions detailed else­ where on this page. 

I a 

 aa a 

 a a aJ 

 a a a a a a a a a 
J 

 a 
Bb 

Looking for Winnebago quality at its m ost affordable price? C heck lour Minnie Winnie models from 2o to 25 feet. Our engineering a.,d de­ sign know-how packs great live­ 

 ability and thoughtful features into every square foot. Cash-back bo­ nus subject to restrictions detailed elsewhere on this page. 

 a aa a a aa a aJ 

Hurry, offer is limited! 

Come in now, and look over these exciting new Winnebagos. 
Choose the model and floor plan that fits your family, your life-style, your budget. Make your best deal, then present your 
Cash-Back Coupon. You’ll receive your bonus, according to model purchased, directly from the Winnebago factory. 

Don’t delay. This cash back offer applies only to the first 65 new 1977 Winnebago motor homes sold by participating dealers in Texas through May I, 1977 to retail customers. Offer does not include 1977 Elandan® II models. Limit of one purchase per family. 
")hlNNEBABO 
The name that means the most in motor homes. 

BURKE MOTORHOME CENTER INC. 
86oo B r o a d w a y — 
Bleck North Loop 41o — (512) 828.o134 

2. Austin S F A 2, C o rp u s C h risti 
C arroll 2, B ro w n sville P o rte r 2, 
C hurchill 2, A u stin M c C o llu m I. 
To p two fin in sh e rs in each event a d va n ce to state m eet in A u stin 
M a y 5-7. 
44o R e la y : 
I 
L a m a r C o n ­ solidated (H e ste r Brow n, R h o n ­ d a P in e s, S v N v a T u rn e r, B a r ­ b a ra W illiam s), 49.o; 2. H ouston 
(S h e rin e T a y lo r, B etty P .n n ix, 
D e b ra P in n ix , T o v R o b e r t s ) , 
49.1; 3. A ustin Lan ie r, 49.4; 4. 
H olm es, 49.6! 5. A ustin R eogan, 
49 7; 6. E a st Central, 49.8. 
88o 
D a s h : 
I. 
R o s a l in d a 
R am irez, San M a rc o s, 2:22.7; 2. 
L a u ra W inter, E d in b u rg , 2:25.6; 
3. Eleanor Com p, A ustin Lan ier, 
2:24.3; 4. K a th y Pittm an, L a m a r 
C o n s., 2:2 5.8 ; 
5. J o A n n L e 
F rid ge . Victoria, 2:25.9; 6. B a r ­ b a ra Millis. C hurchill, 2:31.1. 
44o D ash : 
I. V erle n a M oonev, 
M e m o r ia l, 58.5; 
2. 
B e v e r l y 
Porter, M a c A rth u r, 58.8; 3. P a tricia Shelton, E l Cam po, 59.6; 4. 
S t e e lie 
R ic h e r s o n , 
A u s t in 
R e agan , 59.7; 5. Y o la n d a S a lin ­ a s, M is s io n . 59.8; 6. 
B e c k y 
B r id g g s , 
A u s t in 
M c C o l lu m , 
1:oo.3. 
22o D a sh : 
I Sa n d ra G ra h a m , 
A u stin L B J , 24.9; 
(re co rd , Old re c o rd 25.o b v D e b ra P in n ix , 
Houston, 1976); 2. Pinnix. H o u s­ ton. 24.9; 3. L 'A n n a H o w a rd . 
M a cA rth u r, 25.8; 4. Leticia W il­ lia m s, E a s t C e n t ra l, 25.9; 5. 
G lo ria M a rtin e z , B r o w s n s v ille 
P o rte r, 26.2; 6. L a t r a l S m ith , 
H olm es, 26.8. 
8o H urdles: 
I. Sherin e T aylor, 
Houston, 1o.9; 2. K r is s v Terpen- jng. A u s tin C ro c k e tt, 11.o; 3. 
Felicia Mitchell. A ustin R eagan, 
11.3; 
4. 
V e r l e n a 
M o o n e v . 
M e m o ria l, 11.3; 5. Lathea Grit- fin, L a m a r Cons., 11.4; 6. T e rri 
R yan, Seguin, 11.8. 
88o R e la y : 
I- L a m a r C o n ­ solidated (B row n, Pines, T urner, 
W illia m s);, 1:42.o (re c o rd , old record 1:42.3 bv L a m a r Cons. in p r e l i m s ) ; 
2. 
A u s t in 
L a n ie r 
(Jovcene H ervev, Letitia Collins, 
Janet T urner, M ich e lle W ilkin s), 
1:43.6; 3. V ictoria, 1:44.2; c 4. 
Houston, 1:45.1; 5. Jay, 1:45.9; 6. 
Seguin, 1:46.7. 

IOO D a s h : 
I. 
C a s s a n d r a 
G r a h a m , A u s t in L B J , 11.4; 2. 
L 'A n n a H o w a r d . M a c A r t h u r , 
11.5; 3. A nenette F ra n k lin , V ic ­ to ria S tro m a n , 11.5; 4. L o u is ie 
W allace, H olm es, 11.6; 5. F e licia 
Mitchell, A ustin R e agan , 117; 6. 
S y lvia G odfrey, C lem ens, 11.7. 
M ile R u n : 1. Ju lie K in g, A u stin 
Lanier, 5:2o.2; 2. T heresa B row n, 
Austin Lanier, 5:32.1; 3. C ynthia 
R a m o s , F o x T e c h . 5 :3 2 .8 ; 4. 
G r e t h c h e n C r a m e r , V ic t o r ia , 
5:46.3; 5. L isa Jew ell, K in gsville , 
5:48.2; 6. Su sie Stacy, K in gsville , 
5:48.6. (n e w event). 
M ile R e la y : 
I 
A lic e (S h e r r y 
S im o n s, D e b b ie H o se r, A n n e tte 
W ard , a n ch o r), 4:o1 9; (re c o rd , old re cord 4:o4.1 by E l C a m p o in p r e lim s ); 2. E l C a m p o (N e llie 
M a r s h a ll, R o se C o o k , K a t h r y n 
A s h f o r d , 
P a t r i c i a S h e lt o n ) , 
4:o3.o; 3. M a c A r t h u r , 4:o5.5; 4. 
A u s t in 
L a n r t e r , 
4 :o 7 .o , 
5. 
C le m e n s, 4:o 8.8 ; 6. E d in b u r g , 
4:o8.9;. 
T r ip le J u m p : 
I. D o n n a W il­ liam s, A ustin A n d e rso n , 37-lO u; 
2. V ic k y Finch, Roosevelt, 36-7; 3. 
P a t r i c i a S h e lt o n , E t C a m p o , 
36-3L4; 4. K im P o w e r s , A u s t in 
L a n ie r , 35 9 j b ; 5. D e n e n e tt e 
W right, San M a rc o s, 35-6; 6. E d n a 
V illarreal, E d in b u rg , 34 7. 
H ig h Jum p: 
I. L o rrie H ooker, 
H a rlin g e n , 5-4 (re co rd , ties ow n record set in 1976); 2. T rudie Rt ch ard s, A ustin A n d e rso n , 5-3; 3. 
Jan ice Rob, Victoria, 5-2; (few er m isse s); 4. C in d y D a v is, A u stin 
Lan ier, S-2; 5. (tie) Renee G uinn, 
C le m e n s, a n d L o rra in e P e rs v n , 
M arsnatl, 5o. 
D isc u s: I. T o m m i Hahn, Hohn, 
C a lh o u n , 129-9'/4 ( r e c o rd , old record It 9-6' 2 b v Hahn, 1976); 2. 
P atricia Long, Calhoun, 122-ll’ 2 ; 
3. G lo ria Pierce, A u s tL n Lanier. 
115-l l 1?; 4. L o m a O h le m a c h e r, 
Harlingen, 113-5'/«; 5. K r is s v Ter- pening, A ustin Crockett, 112-11, 6. 
T e rri Monett, Houston, 1o5 6. 
Sh o t P u t: 
I. H ohn, C a lh o u n , 
43-7; (record, old record 41-2Ju bv 
Hohhn, 1976); 2. G Pierce, A u stin 
L a n ie r , 4o-9; 3. S a r a h P e r e z , 

B r o w n s v ille H a n n a , 3 7 - l l Ji; 4. 
R ond a Robinson, B o v City, 37-7' •'?; 
5. P a m Z an d e rs, C o rp u s C h ris ti 
C a rro ll, 37-5; 6. S a n d y Sch ie ve l- bien, Seguin, 35-8'4. 
Lo n g Ju m p : I. D on n a W illiam s, 
A ustin Anderson, 18-3'/?; 2. T e rri 
H a r p e r , J a y , 17-5; 3. P a t r ic ia 
Shelton, El Cam po, 17-5; 4. L 'A n ­ na H ow ard, M a c A rth u r, 17-39?; 5. 
B e v e rly M atth e w s. A u s tin S F A , 
15-7; 6. V ic k y F in ch , R o osevelt. 
16-7 ( H a r p e r a w a r d e d s e c o n d place by virtu re of Pest second 
(um p). 

C L A S S A A A 
Team Sco rin g: 
K e rrv ille T ivv 
63, Belton 62, 

C L A S S A A A 
Team Sco rin g: 
K e rrv ille T ivy 
63, Belton 62, A ustin W estlake 58, 
F I o w e F lo u r B lu ff 42, C a r r iz o 
S p rin g s 4o, G re g o ry P o rtla n d 34, 
T uloso-M id w av 31. N ew B ra u n fe ls 
C a n y o n 29, G e o rg e to w n 24, C al- la lle n 18, N e w B r a u n f e l s 17, 
S o u t h w e s t 16, D e l V a l le 14, 
R a y m o n d v ille ll, L a m p a s a s IO. 
Lo ckh a rt IO, D o n n a 9, B eeville 8, 
R o u n d R o c k 8, P l e a s a n t o n 7, 
G on zales 4, M e rce d e s 2, Sinton 2 
Top two fin ish e rs in each event q u alify for state m eet in A u stin 
M a y 5-7. 
44o R e lay: 
Ii B I. Belton (De- b ra Cosper, Ida Schofield 8 D e O e 
Sw ee n e y, D a rle n o L in g o ), 49.o; 
(record, old record 49.4 bv W est 
O so in 1976); 2. Flour Bluff (L in d y 
M ecom , Annet Anette Shores. Jeri 
O 'B ry a n t, Sheila W ig g in s), 49.5; 
3. 
K e r r v i l l e 
T iv v , 
5o.4; 
4. 
R a y m o n d v ille . 52.o; 5. C a r r iz o 
S p r in g s , 52.S; 6. D o n n a , 53.2. 
(L o c k h a rt disqualitied on handoff zone violation). 
88o D ash : 
I. Bonetta W R u sk, 
Au stin W estlake. 2:22.6, (record , old re co rd 2:28.4 bv S h a ro n D e 
She. F lo u r Bluff. 1976); 2. K e lly 
C a rs e , R o u n d R o c k , 2 :23.5; 3. 
J e n n ife r N e slo n e y . T u lo s o -M id - w o y , 2 :2 7 .7 ; 4. H o p e W ils o n , 
G re go ry-P o rtlan d , 2:29.2; 5. R e n ­ ee A in s le e , N e w B r a u n f e l s , 
2:29.3; 6. M a rth a M a c k e v , K e r r ­ ville Tivy, 2:32.4. 
44o D a sh : I D e D e M c E n te e , N. 
B. C a n y o n , 58 5 ( r e c o r d , o ld r e c o r d u n a v a ila b le ) ; 2. P a u la 
W illia m s, G e o rg e to w n , 59.2; 3. 
D a rle n a L in g o , Belton, 59.3; 4. 
D ia n a 
D a v e n p o r t , 
C a r r i z o 
S p r in g s , 59.5; 5. K e r r y W h i teheed, s Sinton, 1:oo.6; 6. M o re l 
H o e ls c h e r , 
T u lo s o - M i d w a v , 
1:oo.9. 
22o D a sh : 
I. D o n n a Sherfield, 
Southw est, 25.1 (ties ow n re co rd set in 1976); 2. B e c k y Lee, T ivy, 
25.8; 3. C a ro ly n C h e e ks, L a m p a s o s , 26.o; 4. A n n e N a is m i t h , 
C a la lle n , 26.3; 5. Id a Sch o fie ld . 
Belton, 26.4; 6. C a ro ly n M o lin a , - 
G re gorv-P ortlan d , 26.4. 
8o H u r d l e s : 
IN 
I. D e n ic e 
Babicki, G eorgetow n, l l . I ; 2. Etta 
Stoeney, W est Oso, 11.3; 3. C ind v 
Ellicott, T u lo so -M id w o y , 11.5; 4. 
B e a n n ie P a lm e r, T iv y , 11.7; 5. 
Lin d a M cC alla, G eorgetow n, 11.8; 
6. B re n d a L a P r a d e , . Donna/ 12.1. 
88o R e la y : 
I. F l o u r B lu f f 
(M aecom , Shores, O 'B rv a n t, W il­ lia m s ) , 1 :4 4 .4 ; ( r e c o r d , o ld record 1:45.1 bv W est O so, 1976); 
2. T ivv, (E la in e Cubbit, B re n d a 
H o w to n , B e c k ie B u r n s , B e c k y 
Lee), 1:46.3; 3. C a rriz o S p rin g s, 
1:46.4; 4. A ustin W estlake, 1:48.4; 
5. 
L a m p a s a s , 
1 :5 o .6 ; 
6. 
R aym on dville, 1:54.2. 
IOO D a s h : 
I. D o re n e M ille r , 
Lockhart. 11.3; 2. D e D e Sw eenev. 
Belton, 11.4; 3. D o n n a Sherfield , 
Southwest, 11.6; 4. A n n ie Joh nson, 
G onzales, 11.6; 5. Anne N aism ith, 
C alalle n . 11.7; 6. R ita R a m ire z , 
G P. 118. 
M ile R un: 
I. W endv Patterson, 
Au stin W estlake, 5:27.5; 2. A n n e 
Q uigley, A ustin W estlake, 5:28.3; 
3. W endv Butterfield, F lo u r Bluff, 
5:3o.9; 4. N o ra C assiano, Don na, 
5:49.4; 5. L iz M un ich , N S C anyon, 
5:5o.4, 6 R ita G allegos, P le a sa n ­ ton, 5: SS.3 (new event). 
M ile R e lay: 
I. C a rriz o S p rin g s 
(M a rsh a F ish e r, Su zan n e Gollet. 
T in a M unoz, D ia n a D a v e n p o rt), 
4:o4.1 (record, old record 4:o8. bv 
N B Canyon, 1976); 2. Tuloso^M id­ w a y (C in d v Elliott, L a r i R h y n e , 
C o lle e n 
H o e ls c h e r , 
M a r s h a 
H o e ls c h e r), 4:o5 9; 3. B e lto n , . 
4:o7.9; 4. T ivy, 4:o8.5; 5. G e o rg e ­ town. 4:14.7; 
6. 
R aym on d ville , 
4:17.1. 

No Matter How 
You Slice It, 
You’ll Get “Hooked 
On Golf... at I HOUR GOLF 
# 1 IH-35 at Judson Road, 654-188o 
# 2 IH-1o and Loop 41o, 349-1375 
Com e and enjoy our New Miniature G o lf Course at 1-35 location. P avin g Range-1 8 Hole Practice Course, O pen IO 
A .M .-1 I P.M. 7 days a week. 
Club House with Cocktails 5o4 all day 
Draft Beer 3o4 all day. Free Popcorn 
SUPER PRICES foot • Joy Green • J o ys......................reg. 33.95 
First flight - Top Pro Grade Golf Balls 
. .reg. 16.2o 
S lat Clark Golf Bag 
...................... reg. 18.95 eycomb woods, irons • very special reg. 479.oo 
Ladies 3 pc. golf outfits 
.................... reg. 33.95 
Alamo Golf Cap - I Hour Golf Emblem 
.reg. 2.79 . 
Wilson LO. Golf Balls ........................reg. 1o.5o 
Sigma and Omega Golf Balls 
..............reg. 16.5o 
Pro-Special Golf Balls - good ball . . . . reg. 6.95 
. 
Spalding Molitor Golf Ball 
................. reg. 24.95 
Kasco All leather Golf Gloves reg. 6.95 
. 
Pro-Grade Spalding Top flite 3 woods, 
8 irons 
........................................... reg. 399.oo faultless - Lee Trevino Club 3 woods 
* 
(1-3-5) 8 Irons (3-9-P.W.) reg. 25o.oo 
Spalding Top flite Golf Bolls • limit I doz. per customer 
.....................................reg. 16.2o . $ 

... S 19.95 
$ 
9.95 doz. 
... $ 14.95 
... $199.oo 
... $ 19.95 
99« 
$ 
7.95 doz. 
$ 
6.5o doz. 
$ 
3.5o doz. 
$ 14.95 dor. 
$ 
3.5o each 

$149.95 set 

$ 99.95 set 

9.95 doz. 

Bring this Coupon and Play I 
Round of Miniature Golf for 5o 

 at 1-35 location limit I coupon per person 
I HOUR GOLf 

IH-35 at Judson Road 

Strikes *11 Spares 

By Harry Page 

San Antonio SXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

Judy Soutar likes mixed com petition 

 professional 
Judy Soutar described 
Bowling Spectacular’s mixed doubles in one word — fantastic. 
“ It’s fantastic,” Soutar said from her Kansas City, Mo., home. 
“ Bowling is a popular sport and people like to see the men and women pros bowl together. It’s good to have mixed doubles sometime during the year.” 
Soutar and Steve Neff will be back to defend their title in the 
Spectacular ‘77 at Wonder Bowl, May 4-7. 
“ I feel we should have two or three mixed doubles competition during the year instead of just one,” Soutar con­ tinued. “ T ennis has a lot of m ixed competition, and bowling needs more qf it.” 
Soutar, 
Betty Morris, Patty and 
Pat Costello, Vestna Grinfelds, and 
Cheryl Robinson will headline the wo­ men pros coming to the Alamo City. 
Earl Anthony, Wark Roth, Larry 
Laub, Roy Buckley, Carmen Salvine, and Don Johnson, along with Neff, are among the men professionals entered. 
• Personally, I would like to see the mixed doubles start out just like this at the beginning,” Soutar said. “ There isn t any guarantee on who you w ill be paired with. Instead, the men and wo­ men have to go through qualifying rounds before being paired. Some kind of point system should be worked out during the course of the season to have the men and women paired before the tournam ent, instead of qualifying. 
Steve and I will be paired because we’re defending champions. 
“ Being a defending champion puts a lot of pressure on you. You realize that people are watching you. If you don't do well, the public will know it. You are pulling ju st as hard as your partner. 
“ You’re pressing because you have to do w ell, in d ividu ally and as a team .” continued Soutar. who howled in two national tournam ents in San 
Antonio during the early sixties. “ And now, since we're bowling at a comple­ tely different house, it’s a whole new game. If you shoot well at one house — as Steve and I did at Oklahoma City — you tend to have a little confidence when you come back to that house. 
This time it will be different. The de­ fending cham pions have to do well, and .Steve and I plan to bowl well to­ gether.” 
Do the m en feel u n co m fo rtab le bowling with the women? 
“ There are a couple of guys who may resent bowling with the women,” Sou­ tar said. “ The men, however, should hope that th eir woman counterp art out-bowls everybody — it’ll help both of them. Most of the men really don’t care one way or the other. 
Ed Ressler and I finished second two years ago. I beat him by five pins in the finals. He kidded m e, ‘Why didn’t you bowl a few pins higher, we could have won the tournam ent’. You can't go into a tournament of this type with an attitude of resentm ent or fear of being out-bowled by you’re male or fem ale counterpart. You defeat the e n tire purpose of m ixed dou b les, pulling together for one common goal 
— to win it all. 
“ I enjoy this mixed doubles tourna­ ment and I wish we had more of them 
— it would be good for bowling.” 
Around the lanes 
Alex Pruneda becam e the latest w inner w ith a victory in the AVT 
189-and-under tournam ent at San Pe­ dro last weekend — but it wasn't easy. 

ALEX PRUNEDA 
...good comeback 
“ I was in third place all through the meet — up until the ninth gam e,” said the 23-year-old right hander of his first m ajor tournam ent win. “ Going into the seventh game, I was 15o pins down to Mike Hale and Don Steubing. 
“ In the ninth game, I beat Steubing something like 259 to 178 to move into second. Hale and Steubing had both shot low’ games in the eighth round, so 
I gained on them. I knew I had to beat 
Hale by at least five pins to win. I won the gam e against Hale, 2o1-19o, and gained the 3o bonus pins to win the t ourney by six pins. 
Sandi Kane, the National Bowling 
Council’s Traveling Ambassador, will be in the Alamo City Monday. She will be prom oting bowling, physical fit­ ness, and the Spectacular. 
The Junior Top Twenty tournament will be held Saturday and Sunday at 
Oak H ills ... 
Thom Kolodzeyskie picked up the 7-1o split at San Pedro ... 
Jesse Preito had a 254 game and 
Ardith Myers had a 183 all spare game at Oak Hills ... 
Jean Bloomingdale had a 178 all spare game and 81-year old John McGowan roiled 118 pins over his average with a 3o1 series at 
Bowlerama ... Bettie Jo Geisler is recovering well at the Methodist Ho­ spital after surgery this past week ... 
The Sports Palace Pro Shop shot a 
1,o92 triplicate and Candy Burt had her first 6oo (621) at Sports Palace ... 
Jeanne Atkinson in Class A all events 
(firs t p lace) and sin g les (second place), and Darlene Schneider and 
Pat Sheehy in Class C doubles (first place) are the only local keglers on the women’s state tournament board this week ... Wayne Shirt Shop in Class B team (firs t p lace) and 
Raymond 
Kirksey in Class C all events (first place) are still holding their own in the m en ’s sta te to u rn am en t ... 
E lla 
O’Quinn , the editor of the Kegler, has a nice article on Kathy Kirst, who is receiving the A lberta Crowe Star of 
Tomorrow, in the April edition of Jun ior Bowler Magazine. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
SPECTACULAR ‘77 
S C H E D U L E 
Wednesday, M ay 4: 
2:3o p.m. — Collegiate 
Team s (Three team g a m e s); 6 a rn 
— State 
C h am p io n s (F o u r g a m e s) and P ro fe ss io n a ls 
(Four gam e Qualifying). 
T h u rsd ay, M a y S: 
9:3o a.rn — C ollegiate 
T eam s (T hree team g a m e s ); 
12.3o p m. — 
Professionals (Four-gam e qualifying) and State 
Cham pions (Four gam es); 4 p.m. — Collegiate 
Teams (Three team gom es); 7 p m. — Protes- sional Mixed Doubles (Four m atches) and State 
Cham pions (Four gam es). 
Friday, M ay 6: ll a m — Professional M ixed 
Doubles (Three matches) and Collegiate Team s 
(Three team gam es); I p.m. — State Cham pions 
(Four gam es); 4 p.m. — Collegiate Team s (Roll oft for top six men and top six w om en's team s); 
7:3o p.m. — State Cham pions (First three m atches of finals) and Professional Mixed Doubles (Two matches and a position round to determ ine top three teams for finals) 
Saturday, M ay 7: 
IO am . — Collegiate Finals; 
Noon — Professional and State Cham pions. 
NON-PRO E N T R IE S 
Men: 
Carl White, Eaton Rapids, Mich.; Roger 
Lee Adkins, Radford, Va.; Git Rousseau, Ludlow, 
Moss.; L.A. Frantz, Louisville, Kv ; Jim Bevins, 
Knoxville, Tenn.; C. Edw ard Fields, Peace Dale, 
R I ; Emit R. Hensle, M orrLstow n, N J.; Joseph 
B. Willey, Hanover, N.J.; Joe Vito Buenrostro, 
San 
Antonio; 
Abner ‘ Shoem aker, 
Tulsa, 
Okla.; Bill Wells, Albuquerque, N M .; Donnell 
Ramsey, Granger, Utah; Raym ond Brand Jr., St. 
Louis, M o.; Robert Johnson, Rapid City, S.D.; 
Willie Harstick, West Point, Neb.; B ria n Voss, 
Bism arck, N.D. 
Women: 
Carol 
Carpenter, 
Melbourne, 
Fla.; 
M a rie Ouim ette, H olyoke, M a s s.; C a ro l A nn 
Beckner, Lansing, Mich.; Jessie Irby, Charlotte, 
N C.; Judith Sweenev. Keene, N.J.; Cindv Pearl, 
Louisville, Ky.; M artha Hancock, Martinez, Ga.; 
Dionn Wood, Indianapolis, Ind.; Je rry Garrett, 
Tacoma, Wash.; Shells Davis, M ason City. Iowa; 
Audrey Walker, Kenner, Lo., Glen N ora Jung, 
Junction City, Kan.; Carol Jackson, R ich fie ld , 
Mum .; Joanne Gotch, Sheilev, Idaho; Roberta 
Ropp, Phoeniz, Ariz.; Shirley Gorber, Ellsw orth 
A FB , S.D. 
P R O E N T R IE S 
Men; Earl Anthony, M ark Roth, C zrm en Sol­ ving, Tom my Hudson, Roy Buckley, Ed Ressier, 
George Pappas, Jay Robinson, E rn ie Schelgel, 
Larry Laub, G ary Dickinson, M arshall Holman, 
Don Johnson, Bill Spigner. Paul Colwell. Steve 
Neff. 
Women: 
Patty Costello. Judy Soutar. Betty 
Morris, Vesm a Grinfelds, Cheryl Robinson, Anni 
Slaughter, Virginia Norton, D oris Coburn, Bev 
Ortner, Jeanette Robinson, Pom Rutherford Pat 
Costello, Edie Jo Neal, D on na A d am e k, A u d ry 
Coburn, and Barbara Thorberg. 
N O T E Nett and Soutar are defending cham pions. 
C O L L E G IA T E E N T R IE S 
Men: West Liberty State, W Va.; Baruch College. 
N Y.; Ohio State; Rocheeter Institute of T e c h ­ nology, Rochester, N.Y. (2nd in ‘75); A rm stro n g 
State, Go.; University of South Carolina (1st in *76) ; 
F e r r is Sate U n iv e rsity , M a in e ; U n iv e rs it y of 
Minnesota, Ninneopolis. Minn.; University of H ous­ ton; University of California - D avis; U niversity of 
California - Berkeley; E rie Com m unity Coilege, 
N Y. (6th in ‘75) . 
Women: 
University of 
M assachusetts; 
Erie 
Community College, N.Y., West Virginia U niversi­ ty, Hillsborough Com munity College, Fla.; U nive r­ sity of Florida (7th in '76, 6th in '75); Illinois State 
Norm al (8th in 75); University of M isso u rA ; West 
Illinois Slate; Wichita State, Kan. (2nd in 76, 1st in 
•75); University of W ashington ; San Jose State, 
Calif. (1st in ‘76, 2nd in ‘75); California Polytechnic - ‘ 
San Louis Obispo. 
T IC K E T IN F O 
Tickets are available at Wonder Bowl, All star. 
Goliad, Oak Hills, San Pedro, Southside, Sports 
Palace, and Thunder Bowl, The ducats for priced at 
$9 for all four days. Individual tickets will be $2 in advance tor M a y 4-6, and *2.5o at the door. On 
Saturday, the tickets WHI be *4 in advance and *4.5o 

 at the door. 
LOCALROUNDUP 
AVT T O U R N E Y 
Alex Pruneda, plus 251; Xike Hale, plus 245; 
Don Steubing, plus 16o; Bob Villorreal, plus 26; 
David Boerner, plus 19; Ray Grant, plus three; 
Mike Wernick, m inus 37, Roy Erdm on, m inus 64; 
Art Vera, m inus 114; Jo Anne Ballard, m inus 122. 
The meet attracted 96 entries and paid through 45 places (m inus 127 was low in m oney). The next tournament will be held M a y 
14-15 at Sports 
Palace. 

T R A V E L IN G L E A G U E 
There is a Ladies Minor Traveling League in the planning stages to being bowling in August. Plans 
. call for four-women teams with a 66o m aximum team entering average. The league is to bowl six games on Sunday afternoons every three weeks, interested parties should call Cookie Roberts at 
655-4446 for further information. 
M A R T H A W A SH IN G T O N 
Deadline for entry into the M artha W ashington tournament is midnight M ay I. En try fee is *5.75 per person for the event, which will be held each weekend in 
June. 
Call 
344-6251 for further information. 
LA S V E G A S T R IP ? 
Bowlerama is offering a trip to Las Vegas for two, with accommodations at the Flam ingo Hilton on the 
Las Vegas trip. Entry fee is *7.5o per person and handicap is 75 per cent from 2oo. You m ust use current AB C/W IB C overage, lf no average in ye a r­ book, use current average, it 21 or m ore gam es have been bowled. En tran ts m ay bow l an ytim e lanes are available 
L A N E N O T ES 
ASTRO: Cnarles Adam s 646, L a rry Pierdolla 638, 
Harold Jackson 628 and 616, Butch Hile 614, Gil 
Fernandez 6o5, Gloria Santaniello 241-626, Beverly 
Hallowich 614, Debbv Hodges 58o, Elfi Tom czyk 559, 
Gloria Reyes 558. (Nine men over 6oo series; eight women over 53o series). M ark Kutach had a 246 gam e and Betty H arrington picked up the 5-7-1o split. 
BO W LER A M A : Albert Reyes 6oo, Mitzie How er­ ton 535. 
G O LIAD: Mel Cloud 624, Don Flint 616, Winford 
Webb 6o8, Calvin Buchholtz 6o1, B onni H aecher 
228-617, Vicki Nelson 6o6, Mildred Frick 572, Lynda 
Wilkes 236-571, Claudia Nichols 557. (16 women over 
53o series). 
OAK H IL LS: H arry Boult 679, Jeff Hulm e 246-67o, 
Rocky Rockwell 664, Skip Peche 659, Bob Schram 
648, Jackie M artin 6o7, Ann Nelson 6o4, Judy E n ­ derlin 6oo, Velda Ove 591, Cindv Johnson 59o. <28 m en 6oo o r o v e r; 74 w om en o v e r 53o). X ik e 
Freehauf (A JB C ) 6o7. Don Borden had a 244 gam e and Cindv Johnson 238. Todd Tyson (A J B C ) 6o1. 
Larry Porrini had a 245. 
SAN P E D R O : David Lewis 611, Luke M oo re (Sr. citizen) 6o7, Malcolm Squibb 6o3, E d Erw in 6o2, Pot 
Dickey 6o1, G race Ahr 557, Lucille C isne ros 55o, 
Bernice McNeill 551, Dora Wartin 542, Sophie B a l­ lard 538. (Six men over 6oo series; nine women over 
53o). Bob Biegler (Sr. citizen) 468, Tom m y Bonnilla 
(Bantam) 491, Kevin Sitterle (A JB C ) 581. 
SPO RTS P A L A C E : Skip Singiedecker 748, D anny 
Errica 731, Joe Vito 8uenrostro 7o5, M ark Ross 678, 
Doug Pruitt 662, Candy Burt 621, Betty Burke 597, 
Frances Schmidt 589, Sheryl B ronard 568, Beverly 
Hallowich 567. (12 women 53o or over series; 13 men over 6oo series). Luis Benavides (A J B C ) 627, Todd 
Tyson (A JB C ) 588. 
T H U N D E R BO W L: 
G in ge r H u b b a rd (A J B C ) 
244-592; David Santacroce (Peewee) 3o6, A gu ayo 
III (A JB C ) 597. Jason Oakes and Sandy Truluck, both A JBC bowlers, picked up the 5-7, while juniors 
Eddie Quiroz, John Machen, and Ram on Ortiz had their first 2oo gam es and 5oo series. 
W O N D E R : 
H a rv e y K a s s n e r 674, D a v id 
H eiligm ann (A J B C ) 661, B ic h o rd R o b e rts 658, 
Larry Kassner 654, M ark W aldrep 653, Bill Clegg 
643, FIO Tone 661, Doris Beigel 6oo, Pat Sheehy 593, 
Karen Secraw 585, B arb a ra D avila 569. (13 m en over 6oo series, six women over 56o series). 
A LL ST A R: 
Bill Johnson 625, oR obert K e yse r 
(A JBC ) 618, Jose Jimenez 615, M al Meek 6o9, C issy 
Martin 571, M argie Boenig 556, Millie Brietzke 55o. 

Neff homecoming 

H 

Spectacular 77 at Wonder Bowl, May 4-7, w ill be a homecoming for pro bowler Steve 
Neff. 

“ I lived in San Antonio in 1963 and 1964,” said 
Neff, watching the Firestone Open in Akron, Ohio, this weekend. “ I went to Texas M ilitary Institute in the ninth and loth grades at the time. 
“ I was bowling at Oak Hills and Billy Mitchell, and bowled in a junior traveling league. So, I bow led in every house in town during that period.” 
Neff, who resides in Sarasota, Fla., and Judy 
Soutar won the Spectacular’s professional mixed 

 doubles last year. 
“ I think the tournament is at Wonder Bow?... that is a nice center, if I rem em ber c o rrectly ,” the 
28-year old right hander said. “ It is a nice place to have the tournam ent. 
“ I’ve got one of the best partners in the tourna­ ment in Judy — that is nice that I’m seeded with her. 
“ I’m looking forward to competing in San Anton­ io,” Neff added. “ It is going to be like a homecom­ ing. I ve got a lot of friends in San Antonio — it’ll be great to see them again. Of course, I would like to win the tournament again.” — By HARRY PAGE. 

 g o o d / y e a r 
CUTS IHE DECK AND DEALS 

ITS YOUR DEAL 

Wildcard 

Goodyears All Time Best Seiler! 

PAIR OFFER 

'Custom Power Cushion rut, —I f UM-Ii----------»i- rO fy g iO S vVnflOWOtlS 

Whitewall 
Six* 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus F.E.T. gar lira and old lira* 

E78-14 

F78-14 or 15 

G78-14or 15 

H78-15 

L78-15 

$2.26 

$2.42 or $2.52 

$2.58 or $2.65 

$2.88 

$3.12 

Other sizes low priced too 
Blackw all $5.oo less per pair 

 bur of a kind 

YOUR BEST BUY 
4**8o 

‘Power Streak' Bias Ply Tires 
A78-13 blackmail plus $1.73 F.E.T. per tire & old tires 

Blackwall 
SIM 
OUR , 
PRICE 

Phi* F.E.T. per tire and old tire* 

B78-13 
4 for $ 87.2o 
$1.8o 

E78-14 
4 for $ 97.6o 
$2.26 

G78-14 
4 tor $11o.oo 
$2.53 

H78-14 
4 for $118.4o 
$2.73 

G78-15 
4 for $112.8o 
$2.59 

H78-15 
4 for $121.2o 
$2.79 

Other sizes and whitewalls at low low prices 
J 

RAIN CHECK - if we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 

RcyalFlush 

Lube & Oil Change 

Up to 5 qts. of major brand 1o/3o grade oil. 

• Complete chassis lubrication and oil change 
• Helps ensure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance. Please phone for appoint­ ment • includes light trucks 
Ask tor our Free Battery Power Check 

Straight 

Front-End Alignment m**wm 
■ I Exclude 

U S. made cars - parts extra if needed 

Excludes tront-wheel drive cars 

• Complete analysisand alignment correction — to increase tire mileage and improve steering 
• Precision equipment, used by experienced mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

SERVICE OFFERS ABOVE AVAttABU ONEY AI GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES.' 

Full House 

Engine Tune-Up s3688 

8cyl.— 
Add $4 tor 8 cyl., 
$2 for air cond. 

• Our mechanics electronically fine-tune your engine • New points, plugs and condenser 
• Test charging/starting systems, adjust carbu­ retor • Helps maintain a smooth running engine 
• Includes Datsun, Toyota, VW and light trucks 

Just S n v ‘‘C hnm a ItI*9 • Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan • Master Charge ouy *~narye in t BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 
GOODYEAR 

SM Your Independent Dealer For HI* Price. Price* A* Shown At Goodyear Service Store* In All Communise* Served By TM* Newspaper. Services Not Available At Starred location*. 
J 
♦ y 

D O W N T O W N 
816 S. St. M a ry ’s 
222 -1 3 7 3 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES Open Mon., Wed.. Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5:3oTues.. 9 to 5;3o' 

N O R THS AST 
1318 Austin H ighw ay 
8 2 4-o2 o 8 

NORTH STAR 
226 Rector 344-9786 
(Across from N. Star Mall) 

NORTH 
4 7 o 2 San Pedro 
824.2371 

NORTHWEST 
3566 Fredsbg. Rd. 
735-6141 

WEST 
1811 West Commerce 
225 -7 6 77 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W . M ilitary 
9 23 -4 5 6 3 

SOUTHEAST 
1346 Fair 
5 3 4 5468 

D O W N T O W N 
4o1 N. A lam o 
227-7381 

EAST 
3o3o last Commerce 
2 25 -7 2 6 6 

B a n ge 
PERRIN PLAZA 
11479 N M * M H I Rd 
656-3111 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

6 2 5-23 2 3 

KERRVILLE 

2 5 7 -8 4 8 4 

G O NZALES 

6 7 2 -2 o 7 5 

FREDERICKSBURG 

997 -7 5 5 6 
SEG U IN 

3 7 9 -2 2 8 o 
GO O DYEAR INDEPENDENT DEALERS 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
Devine, Texas 
6 3 3 -5 7 o 6 

SPEIR AUTO SERVICE CENTER 
421 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 4 -4 3 8 5 

B A U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati, 
735-5251 

ATASCO SA TIRE CENTER 
119 W . O a k la w n H w y. 97 W e st 
Pleasanton, Texas 5 4 9 -8 4 8 4 

RAN DO LPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 
829 Pa* Booker Read 
U niversal City, Tx. 658-4771 

San Antonio EXPRESS-MEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

^ S o u le d 
WE WANT TO BE YOUK FAVOKITESTOKEl 
2o.8 CU. FT. 
I REFRIGERATOR 

SALE PRICES 
ICOOD MON. 
■TUES. & WED. 

"NO-FROST" 
CONVENIENCE 

$ 4 
7 
8 

Two Ice n Easy Trays, or add on an automatic ice maker now or later. 
Power saver switch, see thru meat keeper & crispers. ICEM AKER VS OFF 
WITH PURCHASE OF TBF21DR. 

2-SPEED 4 CYCLE 
ELECTRIC WASHER 
$278 
Simple Convenient Controls provide: Three water level selection. Three cycle wash and spin speed selection. Famous fiher-flo system Hydropower wash action. Porcelain enamel. Heavy duty motor and rug­ ged GE transmission #W W A 7o6oP. Features con­ venient bleach dispenser. 
3-TEMPERATURE 
ELECTRIC DRYER 
$178 
White only. Drying time up to 9o minutes. Separate start switch. Removable "up-front” lint filter — large, easy to clean, not easily forgotten. Porcelain 
Enamel clothes drum — smooth, durable, resists rust and corrosion. Operates on standard 12o-volt outlet! 
#DD 3oooP 
_____________________________ 

19" DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOUD STATE 
COLOR PORTABLE TV 
*348 

19" Diagonal picture 1oo% Solid 
State withmodular chassis design with automatic fine tuning and color controls. #WYA-7333W 
1o" DIAGONAL 
PoRIA co lo r; V 

* 2 1 / 

In-line slotted mask picture tube. Porta color chassis. 7o-position UHF tuning 
#W HE 5227_____________ 
I 

12" DIAGONAL 1oo% 
SOLID STATE BUCK 
AND WHITE PORTABLE 
*94 

New "Energy Saver" chassis, uses only 
35 watts of power Pre-set VHF tuning, 
"click-in” UHF Tuning. Built-in carry handle. 3" speaker. #XB25o2RW 

7D U N 5E/I4SN 42" bl MEDITERRANEAN 
I STEREO CONSOLE 
18 TRACK RECORDING 
*238 i AM/FM/FM Stereo receiver w/built-in l a u t o / m a n u a l 8 - t r a c k t a p e 
I player/recorder. Full-size BSR record 

I changer w/diamond stylus, cue/pause 
II control, stylus pressure adjustment and 
B45 rpm adapter. Wide range speaker g system w/separate speaker chambers. 
H Hand-rubbed, oven-cured finish Conyers- 
Bient tape storage well. #S 4245 

WITH 8 TRACK TAPE CASSETTE 
PLAYER/RECORD CHANGER 

M N 
B i 
AM/FM/FM-Stereo broadcasts. 
8 track cartridges and tap*' cai 
^ ^ P setter. AFC for better FM re 
TM 
E H caption Lighted blackout dial. 
H U 
FM-Stereo indicator 
8 Track_____ 
A B p l a y b a c k m e c h a n i s 
| m 
^/automati c program m dicatorM R lights Jacks for headphone, phono/aux input, tape output speak W 
M e r g . In c l u d e s F M d ip o l e a n t e n n a 
D i m e n s i o n s 
4 % 'h*19V«"w x11% 'd. Play 33. 45 and 78 rpm records. Full »ze§|g* 
I BSP turntable diamond stylus, ceramic cartridge Cue and pause BM control, stylus pressure adjustment Plastic base includes dust covet MB and 45 rpm adapter. Dimensions: 8"hx15-k* wk 14'-* d Two wayHM a n i l e c l o t h . Im p e d a n c e : 8 o h m s . D im e n s io n s . ™ 
2 W i" h x l2 * " w x 8 V d . # 4 6 4 6 o o ________________________________ ____BH 

 wOOlCnnAMSIT t*S< lo SHUT t 

M 
M 
M tmm - h n w i H 
•CawMHwt ny May WW 
J 

IOO (M U M . 
I 
4 *o 3 WIST • I 
*2 7 FAW 
NMB WM— 
MW 
COMMUKI 
AVM UI 
732-2311 
I 434 -o 4 o 1 
J 
933-41 * 4 

SHO# WOCHCO 9i3o AJA. TO *t *o PM . MO NDAY THRU SATURDAY 

2214 AW. 
I 
371o AUSTIN 
MWJt a i t o s. inn. It WHIM 
•24-1441 
*93-4441 E 

 g g * * n g n coef tot net E 

H sH C T K M CUI IAK I ({O' 
I wuamt rn MMT (MHI maul I 

A y a l a f i g h t 

North American Super Ban­ tamweight Champion Mike 
Ayala of S.A. will defend his ti­ tle May 17 in Municipal Audi­ torium against former world bantamweight champ Rodolfo 
Martinez. 

Prom oter Tony Padilla announced the match Saturday. 
It will be the second straight former world champ for Ayala to face. He recently defended his title by scoring a 
TRO win over former world bantam­ weight king Romero Anaya of Mexico. 

Martinez, from Mexico City, lost his world title to Carlos Zarate last year. 
He won the title on April 14, 1973 by knocking out Rafael Herrera in 12 rounds. He defended the crown on Dec. 
7,1974 by knocking out Herrara in four rounds. 
He successfully defended the WBC world title twice in 1975 before losing it to Zarate, the current WBC champ, last year. 
Padilla said he plans to add three more bouts to the card. 
Tickets, priced at $5, $7 and $8, will go on sale next month but advance orders are available by calling 
227-6472. 
Ring ratings 

W O R LD B O X IN G C O U N C IL 
H E A V Y W E IG H T 
Champion, Muham m ad All, USA 
Contenders: I. G eorge Forem an, U S A ; 2. Ken 
Norton. U SA; 3. Jim m y Young, U SA ; 4. Joe Bugner, 
E N G ; S. Duane Bobick. U S A ; 6. Earn ie Shavers. 
USA; 7. Roo Lyle, U SA; 8. Howard Smith, U SA ; 9. 
Larry Holmes, U SA; IO. Alfredo Evangelista, U R U . 
LIG H T H E A V Y W E IG H T 
Champion, John Conteh, E N G 
Contenders: I. Victor Golindez, A R G ; 2. M iguel 
Angel Cuello, A R G ; 3. Mate Parlov, Y U G .; 4. Lonnie 
Bennett, U SA; 5. Jesse Burnett, U SA ; 6. Leo Hut­ chins, U SA; 7. A lvaro Lopez, U SA; 8. M ike Q uarry, 
USA; 9. Bill Douglas, U SA; IO. Tom Bethea, USA. 
M ID D L E W E IG H T 
Champion, Carlos Monzon, A R G 
Contenders: J. Rodrigo Valdez, C O L ; 2. Benny 
Brisco, U SA; 3. Morcelo Quinones, P E R U ; 4. Alan 
M inter, E N G ; 5. Id rissa Konote, S E N E G A L , 6. 
Germane* Valsecchi, IT A ; 7. Gratien Tonna, F R A N ; 
8. M ike Rossm an, U SA ; 9. M ike Colbert, U SA ; IO. 
Angelo Jacopucci, ITA. 
S U P E R W E L T E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Eckhard Dagge, G E R 
Contenders: I. M ig u e l A. C oste llni, A R G ; 2. 
M aurice Hope, E N G ; 3. R ocky Mottioll, A U S ; 4. 
Elisha O'Bed, B A H ; 5. Loucif Hamani, A L G ; 6. Jose 
Duran, S P A ; 7. Vito Antuoferm o, IT A ; 8. M onty 
Bethorn, N.Z.; 9. Juarez de Lim a, B R A ; IO. Eddie 
Gaze. NIC. 
W E L T E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Carlos Palomino, U SA 
Contenders: I. Jose Cuevas, M E X ; 2. A rm ando 
Muniz, M E X ; 3, John Stracev, E N G ; 4. Clyde Grey, 
C A N ; S. Pete Ranzany, U S A ; 6. R yu Sorim ach i, 
JA P ; 7. M a r c o Scano, IT A ; 8. Harold Weston, U SA : 
IO. Miguel Angel Campanino, ARG . 
S U P E R L IG H T W E IG H T 
Champion, Santak Muansurin, T H A IL 
Contenders: I. M onroe Brooks, U SA ; 2. W oifrido 
Benetez. P.R.; 3. Antonio Cervantes, C O L; 4. J o ­ seph Kum pw ani, Z A i; S. D a vid G reen, E N G ; 6. 
Saoul Mam bv, J A M ; 7. W ong So Suseno, IN D O ; 8. 
M ike Everett, U SA ; 9. Gattu Ishim atsu, J A P ; IO. 
Carlos Alvarez, U RU . 
LIG H T W E IG H T 
Champion, Esteban de Jesus, P.R. 
Contenders: I. Roberto Duran, P A N : 2. Vicente 
Saldivar, U SA: 3. Viiom ar Fernandez, D O M R E P ; 
4. Buzzsaw Yam abe, JA P : S. Young Ho. K O R ; 6. 
Perico Fernandez, SP A ; 7. Edwin Viruet, P R., 8. 
Putt Laoieg, T H A ; 9. Hector Medina, D O M R E P ; IO. 
Ernesto Espana, V E N . 
SU P E R F E A T H E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Alfredo Escalera, P.R. 
Contenders: I Samuel Serrano, P R.; 2. Tyrone 
Everett, U SA ; 3. Rafael Lim on, M E X ; 4. D iego 
Alcala, P A N 5. H ugo B arraza, C O L; 6 Ould M a- kioufl. A LG ; 7. Sigfrido Rodriguez, M E X ; 8 Carlos 
Becerril, U S A ; 9. Apollo Yoshio, J A P ; IO. Ron 
M cG arvev, USA. 
F E A T H E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Donny Lopez, U SA 
Contenders: I. D avid Kotel, C H A ; 2. Fran c isc o 
Coronado, N IC ; 3. Nino “P e d ro'' Jimfnez# S P A ; 4 
Octavio Gomez, M E X ; 5. Alfredo Pitalua, C O L; 6. 
Eder Jofre, B R A ; 7. O scar Amol, V E N ; 8 Rigoberto 
Riasco, P A N ; 9. B ookso H w ang, K O R ; IO. Jose 
Torres, M E X . 
S U P E R B A N T A M W E IG H T 
Champion, Dongkyun Yum, KO R 
Contenders: I. Jose Cervantes, C O L; 2.Wilfredo 
Gomez, P.R.: 3. R oyal K ob avashi, J A P ; 4. A rt 
Hafey, U S A ; 5. Ratoel H e rre ra, M E X ; 6. Ju an 
Antonio Lopez, M E X ; 7. Rout Tirado, M E X ; 8. Baba 
Jimenez, C O L; 9. Jorge Mirando, P A N ; IO. Jesus 
Esporragoza. VEN. 
ABC sets grid slate 

NEW /ORK (AP) - ABC will kick off its 1977 college football television package with Notre Dame against defending national champion Pittsburgh on 
Sept. IO. 
The network will follow up with a Monday night game on Sept. 12 matching UCLA against Houston. 
Other games to be televised nationally include 
Alabama-Southern California, Ohio State-Miehigan and Nebraska-Oklahoma. The network has left several dates open and will fill in the schedule at a future date. 
The schedule: 
—Sept. IO — Notre Dame at Pitt, national. 
—Sept. 12 — UCLA at Houston, national. 
—Sept. 17 — Alabama at Nebraska, Iowa State at 
Iowa, Brown at Yale and San Diego State at Arizona, all regionals. 
—Sept. 24 — Oklahoma at Ohio State, Maryland at 
Penn State, Massachusetts at Harvard, Brigham 
Young at Utah State and a fifth game to be an­ nounced, all regionals. 
—Oct. I — To be announced. 
—Oct. 8 — Alabama at Southern California, national. 
—Oct. 15 — To be announced. 
—Oct. 22 — To be announced. 
—Oct. 29 — To be announced. 
—Nov. 5 — To be announced. 
—Nov. 12 — To be announced. 
—Nov. 19 — Ohio State at Michigan and a second game to be announced, national. 
—Nov. 24 — To be announced. 
—Nov. 25 — Nebraska .at Oklahoma, national; 
Southern CalUCLA and other gam es to be an ­ nounced, all regionals. 
—Nov. 26 — Army-Navy and a second game to be announced, national. 
—Dec. 3 — Houston at Texas A&M and other games to be announced, all regionals. 
St. M ary’s tastes loss 

W O R LD B O X IN G A SSO C IA T IO N 
H E A V Y W E IG H T 
Champion, Muhamm ad AIL U SA 
Contenders: I. George Forem an, U S A ; 2. Ken 
Norton.U SA ; 3. Jim m y Young, U SA ; 4. Ron Lyle, 
U SA ; S. Duane Bobick, U S A ; 6. E rn ie Sh a v e rs. 
U SA ; I. L a rry Holm es, U S A ; 8. H ow ard Sm ith, 
U SA ; 9. Joe Bugner, E N G ; IO. Alfredo Evangelista, 
URU. 
L IG H T H E A V Y W E IG H T 
Champion, Victor Galindez, A R G 
Contenders: I. John Conteh, E N G , 2. R ich ie 
Kates, U SA ; 3. M iguel A. Cuello, U S A ; 4. M a rv in 
Johnson, U S A ; 5. Len H utchins, U S A ; 6. Je sse 
Burnett, U S A ; 7. A lv a ro Lopez, U S A ; 8 M ik e 
Q u arry, U S A ; 9. Tom Bethea, U S A ; IO. E n n io 
Cornetti, ITA. 
M ID D L E W E IG H T 
Champion, Carlos Monzon, A R G 
Contenders: I. Rodrigo Valdez, C O L; 2. M arcelo 
Quinones, P E R ; 3. Benny Briscoe, U S A ; 4. Luis 
Fobre, B R A ; 5. Alan Minter, E N G ; 6. M onty Beth­ orn. N.Z.; 7. Jaedo Yuh, KO R ; 8. Vinnie Curto, U SA ; 
9. Angelo Jacopucci, IT A ; IO. Sugar R oy Seales, 
USA. 
JU N IO R M ID D L E W E IG H T 
Champion, Miguel A. Castetlini, A R G 
Contenders: I. E c kh a rd D agge, G E R ; 2. Jose 
D uran, S P A ; 3. R ocky M attioli, A U S ; 4. E lish a 
Ohed, B A H ; S. Eddie Gazo, N IC ; 6. Koichi W aiim a. 
J A P ; 7. T sum o H agusa, J A P ; 8. M a u ric e Hope, 
EN G ; 9, M im oun Mohater, T U N ; IO. Vito Antuofor- mo, ITA. 
W E L T E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Jose Cuevas, M E X 
Contenders: I. Carlos Palomino, M E X ; 2. M iguel 
A Campanino, A R G ; 3. Clyde Gray, C A N : 4 Harold 
Weston Jr., U SA ; 5. John Stracev, E N G ; 6. Angel 
Espada, P.R.; 7. Pete Ranzanv, U S A ; 8. M a rc o 
Scano. IT A ; 9. Fausto Rodriguez, D O M ; IO. R vu 
Sorimachi, J A P 
JUNIO R W E L T E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Vacant 
Contenders: I. Antonio Cervantes, C O L ; 2. San- sodki M uangsurin, TH A ; 3. M onroe Brooks, U SA ; 4. 
Carlos Ma. Gimenez, A R G ; 5. M igue l Velasquez, 
SP A; 6. Mike Everett, U SA; 7. Won So Suseno, IN D ; 
8. Gattu Ishimatsu, J A P ; 9. Nani M arre ro, D O M ; IO. 
Cental Kam aci, TUR. 
LIG H T W E IG H T 
Champion, Roberto Duran, PA N 
Contenders: I. Esteban De Jesus, P.R.; 2. Vicente 
Mijares, S. M E X ; 3. Norm an Sekgapane, S A.; 4. 
Viiom ar Fernandez, D O M ; 5. Yongho Oh, K O R ; 6. 
Buzzsaw Yam abe, JA P ; 7. Edwin Viruett, U SA ; 8. 
Randy Shields, U SA; 9. Hector J. Medina, D O M ; IO. 
Perico Fernandez, SP A 
JU N IO R L IG H T W E IG H T 
Champion, Samuel Serrano, P.R. 
Contenders: I Alfredo Escalera, P R.; 2. Leonel 
Hernandez, V E N ; 3. Tyrone Everett, U SA ; 4. Toe 
Ho Kim, K O R ; 5. Alberto H errero, E C U ; 6. Ben 
Villaflor, P H I; 7. Mikosow a Kgxaii, S.A.; 8. Kuniaki 
Shibata, JA P ; 9. Diego Alcala, P A N ; IO. Roland 
Cazeaux, FR A . 
F E A T H E R W E IG H T 
Champion, Rafalel Ortega, P A N 
Contenders: I. Danny Lopez, U SA, 2. Francisco 
Coronado, N IC; 3. David Kotey, A P R ; 4. Rigoberto 
Riasco, P A N ; 5. Arnold Taylor, S.A.; 6. Rodolfo 
Francis, P A N ; 7. Bookso Hwortg, K O R ; 8. Reynaldo 
Hidalgo. P A N ; 9. Alfredo Pltalua, C O L; IO. Carlos 
Mendoza, PAN. 
B A N T A M W E IG H T 
Champion, Alfonso Zamora, M E X 
Contenders: I. Carlos Zarate, M E X ; 2. Wilfredo 
Gomez, P.R.; 3. Roberto Rubaldino, M E X ; 4. Ben-, icio Soso, A R G ; 5. Seen O 'G radv, U SA ; " * 

 iii. 

MIKE AYALA 
... title on line 

 a a F 
° 

TRANSMISSIONS 
LET US IN SttC r VOVK TRMS HISS to*/ 

&WE YoU A 
5 FA IR and HONEST f /Y \ w v 
J ' ESTIMATE 
RESEAL SPECIAL*!*?5 

• w o n t s e a l * p e a r s k a l - a d j v s t s a m o * 
/ S E T U H K A O E - K E P U t f E P A K G A S K E T * 
■ C L E A N FIC H ES? ...(OE- 
• 
E R O N T 4 P E A R m w mss®,* 

F R E E L O A D 
TEST 

W E ALSO SERVICE... 
-toyotas datsun 
OP6LS BTC. 
TetWAS AMMiAoiz-r«e towing 
17361546 
Bl A c r o s s f r o m w o n d e r l a mc? 
■CORNER OF LOOP 4-1o 4 
I M F R E D E R IC K S flUKC-* R D ! 
4627 FREDERICKSBURG 

SPECIAl TO THE EXPRESS-NEWS 
MARSHALL - Marty 
Zolkoski slammed two solo home runs as St. 
Mary’s blasted 
Flast 
Texas Baptist, 9-1, in the second game of a Big 
State Conference doub­ leheader 
Saturday afternoon. 
The Tigers, however, blanked the Rattlers, 3-o, in the first game to snap 
St. M ary’s nine-gam e winning streak and hand the Snakes their first conference loss in ll games. 
Clay Stolte cracked his first home run of the year and Zolkoski followed with his first of the game in the fourth inning of the second gam e. Glynn 
Tschirhart shammed a three-run blast — his second of the season — to climaxed the five-run, fourth inning. 
Zolkoski added another solo shot in seventh to back the three-hit pitch­ 

 ing of 
Bob 
“ Hop” 
Wagner. The Rattlers are now 21-1o on the year. 
Mike Morrison allowed 
St. Mary’s a leadoff sin­ gle by uane Haynes in the third inning in the first gam e. M orrison walked only 
Mike 
Zamora and Charlie Migl during his brilliant shutout. 
First Game 
St. M a ry 's 
OOO OOO o - o 
I 
2 
East Texas oo2 OOI x - 3 
7 
( 
Heeo and T revino; M orrison and Pate. W — Harrison. L — Heep 
'(2-5). 
Second Game 
St. M a ry 's o1o 5oo 3 - 9 12 o 
East Texas OOI OOO o - I 
3 
o 
W a g n e r an d 
M o tlie r; 
Saunders, McHaffev (4), Taylor 
(7) and Lewis. W — W agner (3 1). 
L — Saunders. H R s — St. M a ry 's, 
M arty Zolkoski 2 (6), solo in the 
4th, solo in the 7th; G ly n n 
Tschirhart (2), 4th, two on, Clay 
Stolte (I), solo, 4th. 

GLASS TINTING 

For Hom e & Car At 
5GLAR-X 

CALL 349-6469 

HOWTO 
BUY A LAWN 

I Be certain the self propelled mower has rear-wheel drive for greater traction And automatic free wheel mg action for safer control 

2. Check to see if it has a larger capacity grass bag that needs empty mg less often. 

5 Look for a tough. 
6 speed ti admission. 
For extra power and easy handling. 

6. Check to see if it has a Snapperizer that converts it into a leaf pulverizer and out­ door vacuum. 

7. Now, if it has everything we've mentioned so far,; buy it It's a Snapper 

3 Ask if it has vacuum action. A powerful suction that cleans your lawn as you mow. 

4. Make sure its grass bag is mounted between the handles, so it can trim close on both sides 

All Snapper mowers meet A.N.S.I. safety specifications. 

See our display at the San Antonio Home, Flower & Garden 
Show April 27 thru M ay I at the Convention Center. 
AT ANY OF THESE LOCAL DEALERS: 
SAN ANTONIO 

A-1-A Mower 
28o5 Mission Rd. 

Ace Service Center 
18o2 Cuiebra 

Blanco Fixit Shop 
4546 Blanco Rd. 

M & S Lawn Supplies 
89o2 Broadway 

Osbornes Small Engine 
1oo6 West Avenue 

P & S Service Center 
2616 S.W. Loop 41o 

Rips Lawnmower 

141o Piedmont 

Sam Brown 
19o8 Quintana 

John Sorola Inc. 
215 Augusta 

Tom Jones TV 
& Appliance 

9o7 Brooklyn Avenue 

BOERNE 

Boerne Plumbing 
141 Main Street 

GOLIAD 

Goliad Seed Co., Inc. 
6o4 East End 

GONZALES 

Western Auto 
613 St. Joseph 

NEW BRAUNFELS 

Krafts Home & Auto inc 
9oo West San Antonio 

SCHERTZ 

Alberts Lawn & Garden 
1271 Oak Street 

Tennis lessons loved 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 

Continued from Page IS 

Thyself. At hom e, we a re not d is c i­ plined at all.” 
They all agreed. Tennis is on the rise in Manila, but is still played prim arily in special clubs. 
“We do play tennis in .high school,” 
Mondinola said. “ But the facilities are not very good at. the high schools. The nets and courts are bad. They even have some courts which do not have lines.” 
Boy, th a t would rea lly d riv e Hie 
Nastase crazy. 
The w eather has been considerably 

 less hum id than the kids are a c c u s­ tomed to back home and they all like the area. 
“ T hey have been s u p e r to w o rk w ith.” Sipple, who is taking another group of junior players to Mexico next week, stated. “ They have put out very well, working almost until they collapse. 
“That is why teaching kids is such a challenge to me. Younger players are p re tty resp o n siv e . T h ey a r e m u c h freer with themselves than older peo­ ple. Also, they do not have as m any ingrained bad habits. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

o,ooo 
SWEEPSTAKES ff 

BONUS NUMBER: 

The follow ing num bers win 

* 1o46o - 12-1456 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1o5o2- 1o-1776 

* 1 o 4 3 5 - 42-2792 
LIN G IFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 197- o^-28oo 
L IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

;*1o 212- 66-3o63 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE d e ad lin e : 5 P.M. Mon. 
4 - 2 5 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PRIZES ARE IN THE FO RM OF GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STORES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N EW S, 

O R WEEK END EXPRESS-NEW S THIS WEEK. 

A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you'll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE N ECESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

1. TO ENTER 
S im p ly n il In »t*« a n try cow p ox 
Witt) all re q u a ite rf in fe rm e rlo n o n 4 y o u r S o c ia l Se cu rity N u m b e r artel m all It to S W H R S T B K IS , I X - 
P I U S 
A N O 
N IW S . 
P O . 
B O X 
I S I S . Sort A n to n ie . T n . o . 7 B 1 9 7 . 
T he e n try c o u p o n m u tt b e a d h e r ­ e d to a p o .Ic a rd , a d d r . c ted. a n d th e n m alle d. N o o u r c h a , . It re ­ q u ire d to e nter, tn try c a rd . o l.o a v a ila b le a t the 
I t p r e . i a n d 
N e w t, A v e . f e n d T hird St., fro m 
$ 3 o a.m . to 
S :J O p m . w e e k d a y *. B e su re to chock th o ' " I i i " b o . it y o u arith to tu b tc rib a to th o l i p r e t . or N a a rt o r b o th o r lf y o u arith to o d d o n the o th e r p o p o r. O r fill In the ' “N O " b e . lf y o u d o n o t arith to .u b M rtb e - 
Cither aray. y o u a re e lig ib le fo r the p e lle t if y o u .e n d in the c o m ­ p le te d e n try cord. 

2. PRIZES 
P rize s w ill b e o ffe r e d do ily* M o n ­ d a y th ro u gh F rid«y, in the S o n 
A n to n io E x p re ss cmd The N e w s e n d S a tu rd a y e n d S u n d a y in the 
E x p r e s s -N e w s , h o se d o n a d r a w * 
•eg cond ucte d d a ily e n d on Tri. d a y s fo r the w e e k e n d * a n d 
M o n d a y s. W in n e rs w ill b e e w e r- d a d gift c e rtific a te s e n titlin g th e m to th e ir choice o f re ta il m e rc h a n d ise fre re firm s w h o h o v e a d v e rtise d in the S o n A n ­ to n io E xp re ss. The N e w s , o r S o t* u rd o y o r S u n d a y E x p re s s-N e w s d u rin g th a t w e e k . 
SUNDAY PRIZIS W ill CON. 
SIS! OF BONUS NUMBERS 
WORTH $1,ooo OR M O R I 
EACH WEIK. 

 lf th e w in n e r o f th e 
S u n d o y 

The Rules: 

Bottu. 
N u m b e r ic o p r o .e n t 
.u bccrib e r to the d o ily So n A n - to n ie ( . p r e . , a n d The N e w ., he o r .h e w ill b e a w a r d e d e n a d ­ d itio n a l 
$ 5 o o In p ric e ., lf the 
S u n d a y d o n u t N u m b e r w in n e r it a p re se n t su b sc rib e r to the d a ily 
( . p r e . . O B Tho N e w s , he a r sh e w ill be a w a rd e d a n a d d it io n a l 
$ 3 5 o in p rim s . 

S A T U R D A Y B R IZ E S W i l l C O N S IS T 
OF: 
S S O ( I ) 
35 (3 ) 
IO IS ) 
3 S P U R S S S T IC K ET S ( S P A IR ) 

D A U T P B IZ IS IN B O T H THE E X - 
P R E SS A N D THE N E W S : 

S S O ( I ) 
35 (31 
IO (S ) 
3 S P U R S S S T IC K ET S ( I P A IR ) 

A 
TOTAL 
O f 
$ 3 o o 
IN 
P R IZ E S 
D A IL Y P IU S B S S S P U R S TICKETS! 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A d r a w in g w ill b a h e ld d a ily ta d a ta r m in a tho f a llo w in g d a y 's 
W inners 
S a tu rd a y , S u n d a y , a n d 
M o n d a y w in n a rs w ill b a d r a w n th o p re c e d in g frid a y . Tho e a rlie r y o u sa n d in y o u r o n try , tho m a r a w e e k s y o u w ill b a e lig ib le ta w in p rice s! 
4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
W in n in g n u m b e r, w ill b a p u b lish ­ e d e ach d a y .in the S a n A n to n ia 
E . p re ss, Tho N o w s . a n d S a tu rd a y a n d 
S u n d ay 
E .p r a s s - N a w f . 
El p re ss w in n e rs w ill h a v e until n o o n the fe llo w in g d a y to claim p rice s. N e w s w in n e rs w ill h a v e 

 until S p.m . the f a llo w in g d a y ta c laim prices, lf a w in n in g n u m b e r 
Is p u b lish e d e n f r id a y . S a tu rd a y . a r S u n d ay , the p rise s m u st b a c la im e d b y S p.m . th e fa llo w in g 
M o n d a y o r th e y w ill b a fo rfa ite d . 
W in n a rs m a y c o m a ta th e C ir ­ cu lation 
D ep t. a f the 
E x p re s s. 
N e w t b u ild in g. A v a . I a n d T hird 
St. ta claim th e ir p ric e s. 
T hey m u st h a v e p -o o f a f th e ir S o c ia l 
Se cu rity n u m b e r, p r e fe r a b ly a 
S ocia l Se curity card. p iu s e th e r id e n tifica tion . W in n e rs m u st c a n . tact the E x p re ss a n d N e w s b y th o a p p ro p ria te d e a d lin e a r p r is a s w ill b a fo rfaite d . 

5. W HO M A Y ENTER 

The $ 5 o ,o o o S w a e p t h s k e t ' I T is 
© p en to a n y r t l i i t n f ®f opt/ « p * « w h ir * , th® S a n A n t o n io E x p re s s 
©rid Th# 
N # w * o r# d i* M 6 u * # d 
Th# o n ly re q u ire m e n t is th a t h e o r th # h o v e o 
S o c ia l 
S e c u r it y n u m b e r- E m p lo y # # * a n d im m e d i­ a te fa m ilie s o f 
E x p r # s s * N # w » 
C o rp . a n d 
W o r ld 
P rin t in g 
C a., t h e ir a g e n t s a n d d is tr ib u to r* e re n o t e lig ib le 
N O 
P U R C H A S E 
IS 
N E C E S S A R Y TO ENTER O R C L A IM 
A M IT E 
A n e n try co rd w ill b e fu rn ish e d u p o n re q u e st f ro m the 
San 
A n t o n io e x p r e s s e n d 
T he 
N e w s fro m 9 : 3 o o.m . to 
5 . 3 o p .m . w e e k d a y s . 
W in n in g n u m . b e r * m a y b e v ie w e d a * th # E x * p r e s s -N e w s b u ild in g fro m 
9 : 3 o si.rn, t© 5 :3 © p .m . M o n d a y - M * d a y , o r e t p u b lic lib ra rie s d u r in g o p e n hours. 
Y O U 
N E ED 
N O T 
S U ftS C R IS f 
O R 
M A K E 
A N Y 
P U R C H A S E , t u t y o u m u st o n to r to b e e lig ib le to w in. T H IS O M E R IS 
V O ID 
W H E R E 
R EST R IC T E D i Y 
L A W . 

“ And there are so many more levels of kid tennis. You can bring a young­ ste r from the basics all the way to 
Wimbledon, if you are a good enough coach and they are good enough players.” 
Wimbledon anyone? Any profession­ al desires, kids? 
“ I ju s t w ant to play a b e tte r all- aro u n d g a m e. 
I w an t to m a k e e v e ry th in g sm ooth a n d g e t in a groove,” Mondinola said. 
Malena smiles and answers. “ Sure I want to be a pro.” Then bring on Chris 
E v e rt now, rig h t M alena. She ju s t keeps smiling. 
But what happens after this week for the youths. How can the youngsters keep improving their tennis? 
“ It is just up to us,” Mondinola said. 
“ There are no program s back home. 
We will just have to practice what we learned. T hat’s all.” 

Tires and more... car care 

UNIROYAL 

S A W . 

Bag yourself some 

STEELGLASS 
RADIAL 
TIGER PAW 

W HITEW ALL 

M 

(I 

FIBERGLASS 
BELTED 
TIGERMM/ 
W HITEW ALL 

SIZE 
PRICE 
F.E.T. 
B R 7 8 -1 3 ____$ 3 8 .7 7 ____ $2.o6 
PR78-14 
$ 4 4 .7 7 
$2.38 
E R 78-14_____$ 4 5 .7 7 
$2.47 
.FR7 8 -1 4 
$ 4 7 .7 7 
$2.65 
FR 7 8 .14 
$ 5 o .7 7 
$2.83 
GR71«1 5 ___ $ 5 1 .7 7 
$2.9o 
H R 78-15 
$ $ 3 .7 7 
LR78-13 
>6 1 .7 7 
$3. l l 
$3 44 J 
Ail pricas plus F.I.T. and tire off your cor 
$ 
77 

B R 7 8 -1 3 whitewall tubeless plus $ 2 o 6 F.E.T. and tire oft your cor. 

POLYESTER 
BIAS PLY 
TIGER m w 
W HITEW ALL 

 l lJw&si 

: * « z i. ....... 
WRICE 
F.E.T. 
A 7 8 -1 3 
$28.77 
$1.73 
o 78 *1 4 
$3o.77 
$2.o9 

— F.78-1-4__ 
$31.77 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$33.77 
$2.42 
G 78-14 
$35.77 
$2.58 
G 7 8 -1 5 
$36,77 
$2.65 
„H78-1 5 
$39.77 
$2.88 
J78-15 
$4o.77 
$3.o3 
L78-15 
$42.77 
-1 3 .1 2 

SIZE, m et 
F.E.T? 
* 7 * ^ 3 --------m 
. 7 7 ____ $1,72 
S Z & J 4 
$ 3 6 .7 7 
$ 2 .o 1 
X 7 8 -1 4 
JETS 

All prices plus f.l.T, and fire off your car 
77 

A 7 8 - I 3 whitewall tubal#** f plus $ 1 ,7 2 F.E.T. and fire o ff your car. 

-------------------- 
•____ $2.37 , 
GZ&.14---------*3 o *7 7 
$2.53 m a * _____ *3 3 *7 7 ___ $2,59 

H Z J h J L 3 _ 
9 3 4 .7 7 
$ 2 . 7 o 
L7 JM 5 ----------*3 3 *7 7 ___ * 3 ^ 

All prices plus f.l.T. and tire off your car 
$ 
77 

A 7 8 13 whitewall tubeless plus $ 1 .7 3 F.E.T. cmd tire off your car. 

Prices shown available at Kelfer 
Tire Northside. See your in­ dependent dealer for his price. 
Great Buys are 

Kelfer Tire Northside 
8719 Broadway 828-5747 
(I Blk. North of Loop 4TO) 

 in the Bag at UNIROVAL! 

Schneider Tire St Auto 
226o So. W.W. White Rd. 333-93o1 
(SOUTHEAST) 

H om ann-W illiam s Tire 
171o Austin Hwy. at lisenhauer 
8 2 4 - 2 4 1 3 (N O R T H E A S T ) 

San Antonio Express 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 1 

M o il to 
£«pre»s end New* SWEEPSTAKES 
P O Bo. 2585 
Son Anftjmo, Texos 78297 
ATTEN CIRCULATION DEPT 

M T SOCIAL M O M ITT N U M B S * (St 
□ □ □ - □ □ - □ □ □ a s 
□ 
N O 

Please enter me in the 
S W E E P S T A K E S o nd I w ould like to enter o subscription o s indicated below for the next 
9 o d a y s 

Please enter me in the 

S W E E P S T A K E S but I prefer not to order a subscription to 

 the p ap e rs c t this time 

N A M E ____ 

A D D R E S S - 

C I T Y _______ 

T E L E P H O N E . 

APT 

ST A T E , 
Z IP - 

□ 
Ple ase start delivery of the N e w s & S u n d a y O 
P le ase start d elive ry of the E xp re ss 4 S u n d o y 

Q 
P le a s* start delivery of both E xp re ss a n d N e w s 

□ 
I am alreod y o subscriber to the Expre ss, p le ase o d d the N e w s M o n d a y Frid ay to m y subscription 
I I I am alrea d y o subscriber to the N e w s, p le ase a d d the E xp re ss M o n d o y -F n d o y , to m y subscription. 

Kelfer Tire C o m p a n y 
4oo S. Flores 226-4111 
(DOWNTOWN) 

G onzales Tire St M u Iffier 
2623 Culebra Rd. 432-8511 
(WEST) 

Hi-Gear, Inc. 
644o No. N W Expwy (IH1o) 
(BALCONES HEIGHTS) 736-2856 

Earl W heeler Tire Service 
43o2 Broadway 826-1572 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 

K eller’s A lam o Tire Center 
6o1 N. Alamo 225-3291 
(DOWNTOWN) 

 rn 

M ezzetti Tire Com pany 
6239 San Pedro 342-9521 
(NORTHSIDE) 

Arts Atlas 
335o Fredericksburg 736-4516 
(NORTHWEST) 

Sagobiels 
Court & Travis 658-5351 
(SEGUIN) 

BAG YOURSELF 
SOME TIGER PAWS 

O '*** 
* 1 , 2 o o 
IN PRIZES 

O utdoor ltri«»fs 

• The 
S u n s 

 energy will 

 you money 

 free- 

 save 

• Increase the value 

 of your home 

• Provide a constant sup­ 

 ply of hot water 

• All System s are guaran­ 

 teed for 5 years 

• Full Maintenance pro­ 

 vided 

• Sw im m ing Pool Heating 

System s availabe which add 4 m onths to your 

 swim season 

6o% TO 8o% 

Seioftnfrosfc S y m tem a 
/ tixas\ 
I 
MADI ) 
I 
SOLAR / 
XENtRGr/ 
Corporation 

O H U e & D isp lay Room : Suite 113 llo 3 1 W y e Drive (O H Perrin Beitel near 
N a co -P e riin Sh o p p in g Center), San A nto nio 
656-9338 
IF NO ANSWER 
CAU: 828-4894 or 656-9339 

CUTBACK ON NEVER-ENDING, FOREVER-INCREASING UTILITY BIUS. 
BUILDER IN Q U IR IES INVITED 
SYSTEMS ® DESIGN • ENGINEERING • INSTALLATION 
PC S iA ® 
PRES CLANCEY & ASSOCIATES 

THE CULLUM & BOREN 
I 
BIO M«5 
CONTES! HI 

 ating & HOT WATER SYSTEMS 
REDUCES YOUR 
AS & ELECTRIC BILL 

APRIL 17 THROUGH JUNE 3o,1977 
ENTER TODAY! 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY! 

Pick up a copy of the official rules and register at Cullum & Boren Sporting Goods. 
CUUUfll & BORSO 
NORTHSTAR MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 

C&B CHARGE, MASTER CHARGE, BANKAMERICARD, 

AMERICAN EXPRESS or LAYAWAY 

WILEY R IC H A R D SO N of Louisiana displays the 8-pound 7-ounce largem outh he caught at night on a plastic w orm p h o to by d a n kiepper 
G U ID E P R E P A R E S to net four-pound bass caught by Stan Staten of Houston. The bass hit a 
Hellbender p h o t o by d a n klepper 

 i Outdoors 

Sunday April 24 1977 

Audubon Society challenges Army 

NEW VORK - The National Audu­ bon Society says Army officials raised the specter of bubonic plague — “ the 
Black Death” — at Fort Ord, Calif., so 
I hey could get permission to use poison to kill ground squirrels. It is illegal to poison wildlife on federal lands except when a human health emergency is involved. 
National Audubon has been a long­ time foe of wildlife poisons. The socie­ ty contends there arc better ways to prevent the damage the squirrels are causing at the military reservation and less environmentally harmful ways of killing mem when that may he neces­ sary. 
The issue of plague is raised in the 
Army's Draft Environmental Impact 
Statement on its proposal to use com­ pound 1(»8() to control squirrel popula­ tions at F ord Ord. Rats, wild rodents and fleas can he involved in transmis­ sion of plague. The Army also notes that the squirrels can cause damage by burrowing into such installations as radar station mounds and ammunition bunkers and are destroying range­ lands. 
National Audubon has answered the 
Impact Statement with a 24-page ana­ lysis sent to Secretary of the Army 
Clifford L. Alexander -Jr. The society claims the Army has failed to show that the Fort Ord squirrels constitute a health emergency and “ has failed to demonstrate that the alleged ground squirrel problems cannot be dealt with by means which do not involve the use of chemical toxicants that cause se­ condary poisoning.” 
The society suggested a number of alternatives to the use of poison, in­ cluding erection of special squirrel- proof fences around installations par­ ticularly vulnerable to squirrel d a­ m age, and trapping and shooting where other measures are ineffective. 

Palmetto Bend acquisition O kd 

AUSTIN — Texas Parks and Wildlife 
C om m issioners have approved an agreement with the Bureau of Recla­ mation and Lavaea-Navided River 
Authority which calls for the acquisi­ tion. development and operation of 57o acres on the Palmetto Bend Reservoir project site in .Jackson County. 
Parks official Rom Welborn said the site will he developed as a state re­ creation area with frontage on the 
11.ooo-surface-aere Palmetto Bend Re­ servoir. 
Commissioners agreed to a 5o-year lease with the Bureau of Reclamation for the 57o acres which have been acquired as part of the Palmetto Bend 
Reservoir project. 

Wardens busy 

ACSTIN — Parks and Wildlife De­ partm ent gam e wardens filed 2,192 arrests through March 31 on anglers who lacked the $4.25 license. Fines for such offenses usually average $25, depending on local justices of the peace. 

Reluctant lunkers of Honduran lake 

By DAN KLEPPER 

OUTDOOR EDITOR 

A fish tugged forcefully on the nine-inch plastic worm . As the tell-tale jerks of a pick up were telegraphed up the line to the reel, I leaned forw ard in the boat seat, givin g the fish a m o­ m ent to mouth the worm before setting the hook. 
At that precise moment, someone knocked gently on the cabin door and interrupted my dream. It was 4 in the morning, time to get up, take the bus to San Pedro Sula and hoard a jet for 
New Orleans. 
I was awake enough to know this. I was awake enough to hear rain drip­ ping from the eaves and the distant call of some strange night bird in the nearby forest. 
But my subconscious state clutched desperately at the dream . I had to know the size of the fish that had taken the worm. 
Consciousness faded. an d the dream becam e real again. I leas hack in the boat. I he fish still had the worm, and again I leaned forward, thrusting the rod tow ard it before setting the hook. 

The knock was louder the second time. The dream shattered in a kalei­ doscopic pattern, and the thread which had enabied the mind to return at will to the subconscious world snapped. 
I got out of bed and fumbled for the light switch to the toilet. 
Slow 
For two days I had been fishing what to me are some of the most frustrating waters in the Americas, Lake Yojoa iii the Republic of Honduras. 
For two days I had chunked lures in, around and over the dense vegetation, standing and subm erged, of a lava flow-created lake that quite possibly harbors the world record largemouth bass. 
And for two days I was denied a good fish, even in my dream. 
The fishing was extrem ely slow, slower than when I fished the same waters in April of 1976. The heaviest caught during my stay at Fishawks 
International camp a year ago weighed 
12*a pounds. This year the heaviest balanced the scales at only 8 pounds 7 ounces. 
Big ones 
I'm not using the word only loosely. 
Many largemouth bass weighing in the teens have been caught at Yojoa. 
The lake was stocked with the Flori­ da species of bass more than 2o years ago. “ The fish were brought to"Hon­ duras on a banana boat,” was the story 
I got last year. 
It was a tale in which I put little credence. It would have been virtually impossible to transport bass from 
Florida to Honduras on a tortoise- 

$ u n d a y 
E x p ress-N ew s 

NATIVE FISHERMEN, w ho catch largem outh bass on handlines to sell for food, use tw o kinds of worm s, plastic and live. Vegetation in background extends several hundred yards from shoreline along som e parts of the take 

 paced freighter and have the fish alive upon arrival. 
A rticles I did on the re se rv o ir prompted a letter from James E. Lewis of Norman, Okla., who went to Hon­ duras in 1953 to do some exploration work for a mining company. 

“ In 1954, there was a general strike by workers in Honduras that spread to nearly every part of the cou ntry,” 
Lewis said. “ A small group of the fruit company’s (United) employes made up a fund, and the company did con­ tribute to the fund. 
“ Testing of the lake s environment did not appear to be favorable to any 

 game fish, hut the largemouth was agreed to he the best bet. Florida hat­ cheries donated about 1,6oo for a trial run and we paid the air freight. 
“ These arrived at San Pedro Sula and wore taken over the dirt road to the lake. A company pickup was used and Harry Emdin sat in back using a bicycle pump for aeration, 
“ A few months later the fingerlings had shown signs of rapid growth, and the remainder of the fund was used to purchase more. I believe that a total of less than 5,ooo was placed in the lake, and within three years they had taken command.” 
Lewis said the largest bass lie caught 

PHOTO BY DAN KLEPPER at Yojoa weighed 14 pounds 12 ounces. 
He normally fished with 6- to 8-pound test line and spinning gear. 
“ I did break 1o-pound line after playing a fish for some four or five minutes,” he recalls. “ It was in deep water and away from the reeds, and I would guess it was 18 pounds. 
“ I saw two that week, one went 18 pounds 4 ounces, and the other taken by our caretaker was never weighed but it was just as large.” 
Does Yojoa harbor the record bass? 
Lewis believes it does, hut he made a point that probably holds true even today. 
“ The lake became overstocked dur- 

HONDURAN fisherman uses dou~ ble-ended paddle to propel bls d u go u t canoe across the calm surface of Lake Yojoa 

 ing 1958-6o and the law of supply and demand had not taken effect,” he said: 
“ It was a commonplace thing to see two dead fish floating in the water, about the same size and one with ifs head wedged inside the mouth of tho other. 
“ It was a natural happening, a fe$v fish with abundant food and then tlnj overcrowding with a short food supply 
Yojoa will never he the same, and J happened to be one of the lucky ones that was there in the late ‘5os. But ii will be another lucky fisherman that takes the record bass that someday will be hooked in Lake Yojoa.” 
Food 
IM 
The food shortage probably still ex­ ists. Most of the bass I saw last year and again this year were on the slim side, m ostly slack of belly. T here seems to he only one important prey species left in the lake, a sleeper called the dormilon. Other than the dormilon, 
Yojoa’s big bass generally must feed| on Yojoa’s small bass. 
The introduction of another prey species such as the threadfin shad might solve that problem. 
Most of the fishing action on tho clear-water lake seems to be during low light hours of early morning, late evening and at night. 
Best fishing months, according to two native guides I questioned, arui 
May, Ju n e , July, August and Sept* tember, with August the top month fur* big bass. 
T here w ere 15 fisherm en in out; group, IO members of the Royal Red 
Ball outdoor advisory council, and five company representatives. 
We fished early and late, then de­ voted the* midday hours lo meetings on outdoor clothing and indoor siestas. 
We made a bigger dent in sports; wear and m attresses than we did iii 
Yojoa’s bass population. 

44 Teachers are a happy lot... when they put fewer dollars into taxes and more into retirement. Our annuities make it easy. 

Let s talk happiness. Professionally.^ 

John XfH.arr 
>nilc I.>1o, t roi-I Hank lo n e r 
Phone 22.V62H I 
S 
Southwestern Life cMeifu+Uf people - pe i um to pe i ioei 

CLUDES: Walk thru windshield ♦ 
(holstered Helsman seats ♦ Fire tinguisher ♦ battery & battery tx ♦gas tank ♦4o hp full electric ercury outboard with single lever mote control ♦ easy-load skipper B nlvanized trailer with all lights & 
> down. 

Su9 9«if*d Retail $3S27.3S 
$ 

ANNIVERSARY 
SPECIAL 
2688 

STANDARD EQUIPMENT moulded 
8ow Rider with upholstered cushion 
& walk thru windshield. Horn. Fire extinguisher. Custom contoured sleeper seats, bow rails, custom tai­ lored convertible top, glove comport­ ment with runninq liqhts wired, 
Aqua-Turf marine carpeting Electric bilge pump, bilge blower fuel tank with electric fuel gauge, bow rails, deluxe dashboard with full instru­ mentation and engine remote con­ trols, Skipper B Galvanized trailer 

Suggested U lt $6333.33 

ANNIVERSARY 
SPECIAL 
*4988 

SUPER SPECIALS: IS & 17' BASS BOATS 
C 
- 
- 
.A 
* 
* ' ■ »• 
V T *’ 
* * .. v 
. 
- . 
K 
NOW »""' 
I 
W W BRADY b o a t 

SELECT FROM ONE OF THE 
LARGEST INVENTORIES 
IN TEXAS! 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT 
UP TO FIVE YEARS TO PAY 
BANK RATE FINANCING 

OPEN: 
W E E K D A Y S : 9-7 P M 
S A T U R D A Y ; 9-4 P M 
S U N D A Y : ! 6 P M. 

OPEN SONDAY I to 6 P.M 

ONLY 8 o AYS LEFT TO GET A 

L 
Portable TV 
WITH PURCHASE OF AHY COMPLETE NEW BOAT RIO—DURING 
BRADY’S ANNIVERSARY SALE 
DON’T BUY UNTIL YOU GET OUR PRICE OR YOU MAY PAY TOO MUCH! 

T e x a s w in s 

MINNESOTA 
T EX A S ab r. ti bi ob r h bl 
Smiley ss 
2 o o o Cmpnrs ss 
4 o I o 
Carew lb 
4 o I o Wndrsn rf 
3 o I o 
8 stock ct 
4 o I o Hrgrve lb 
3 o o o 
Hisle 
It 
4 o I o Horton dh 
3 I I 
I 
Wyngar c 
3 9 I o DMav lf 
3 o o o 
Cbbage 
3b 
3 o I o Harrah 
3b 
3 o o o 
Ford rf 
3 o o o Howell 
It 
3 o o o 
Kusick dh 
3 o o o Bemaul cf 
OOO o 
Witfong 
2b 
3 o o o Fohev c 
3 o o o 
Alomar 
!b 
2 o o o 
Total 
....... 
29.o SO 
Total 
.... 
27.1.3 I 

Minnesota 
.. 
o o o.o 1 o7o o o- 
o 
Texas 
.. o )o 
OOO O O x- 
I 

ARLINGTON (AP) — Doyle Alexander’s five-hitter and Willie 
Horton s first home run of the year led the Texas Rangers past the 
Minnesota Twins 1-o in an American League baseball game 
Saturday night. 
D odger 

Continued from Page IS 

 by Fischctti to load the bases, and 
Webb’s double play ball. 
In the fifth, Whitehead left no doubt about his first homer as he cracked another long three-run blast to make it 
I £2. 
1 The Dodgers picked up three runs with the benefit of only one hit in the sixth. 
<CMike Rushde sandwiched two walks with a single off reliever Ken Califano to ioad the bases. Califano walked Ted 
Farr to plate Jeff Leonard, Meyers grounded out to first to score another run, and Washington’s sacrifice fly to left scored Marv Garrison. 
W inning pitcher Jim Dorsey scat­ tered four hits and fanned four through five innings to gain the win. 

Sltr ?b 
Kbski, lf 
Lndrx, cf 
Strhr, dh 
Rush ilb 
Peters, rf 
Lnsfo,3b 
Whthd, ss 
Kelly c 
Totals 
El Paso 
San Antonio 

El Paso (12) 
AB R H Bl 
I 
2 o 
I1 o 
2 
2 
2 
2 

San Antonio (S) 
AB R H Bl 
2 
1 1 1 

29 12 IO ll 

Whgtn ss 
Fshtl, dh 
Webb, 3b 
Crdza.lb 
Lnrd, lf 
Krshde.rf 
Grrsn, ct 
Farr, c 
Myers lb 
Totals 
o72 
IQI 

E —Wilfonq 
D P—Texas 
2. 
LO B—Min­ nesota 
J, 
Texas 
3. 
2B—Henderson, 
Comp- onens. 
HR—Horton 
(I). 
5—Wynegar. 
IP 
H R E R BB SO 
Goltz 
(L.,o-1) 
8 
3 
1 
1 
1 
3 
DAIexnder 
(W,2- 
9 
5 o 
o 
2 
1 
T—1:54. A—14,167. 
C g r d s , 11-1 

PH ILA D ELPH IA (AP) - Dreg 
Luzinski drove in four runs with a homer and two doubles as the 
Philadelphia Phillies downed the St. 
Louis Cardinals 11-1 Saturday night to win their first home game of the 
National League baseball season. 
Rookie left-hander Randy Lerch, pitching his first complete game with a seven-hitter, earned his second victory against one defeat. oo o1I 
IoI 
24 
o3o 
oo3 

S T . LOUIS 
P H IL A D E L P H IA 

o - 1 2 
o— 5 
E —Leonard. D P—El Paso I, Son Antonio. I. LOB 
El Paso 4, Son Antonio 6. 2B—Slater, Rush, Fis- chetti. 38—Peters. R R —Whitehead (2), Rush, Lan- dreaux S P —Lansford, Washington 
IP H R E R BB SO 
Dorsev (W 2 o) 
Califano 
Brisbin 
Slocum (L.o-2) 
Keefe 
Smith 

5 
I 
I 
1 
o 
Po 5 
2 
4 
2»a I 
W P—Slocum, Smith P B —Farr T—2:o6 

HOUSTON (AP) — Mike Ivie drove in three runs and scored two more in a three-hit performance as the San Diego 
Padres belted ithe Houston Astros 7-2 in the first game of a doubleheader 
Saturday. 

SAN .D IEGO 
HOUSTON ob r h bi ab r h bi 
Turner lf 
4 o I o Cedeno cf 
5 o 1o 
Almon ss 
5 o o o Cabell 
3b 
4 o o o 
Winfld rf 
4 2 I o JCruz rf 
4 12 o 
Hndrck cf 
4 2 I o Watson lb 
3 1o o 
Tenace c 
4 I I 2 Crwfrd lf 
4 o 1o 
Ivie lb 
5 2 3 3 Frgson z 
3 o o o 
DoRder 
3b 
3 o 2 I 
JGnzlz 
2b 
3 o 2 2 
Chmpn 
2b 
4 o I I 
RMtzgr ss 
2 o o o 
Grffin p 
2 o o o CJhnsn ph 
1o o o 
Tomlin p 
I o o o Sprrng ss 
1o o o 
Andiar 
P 
1o o o 
Larson 
P 
o o o 9 
Pentz 
P 
o o o o 
LRbrts 
Ph 
1o o o 
Smbifo p 
o o o o 
Howe 
Ph 
1o 1o 
Total 
. 
. 
36.7.1o 7 Total 
33 2 7.2 

San 
Diego 
.. 
ooo o14.2o o— .7 
Houston 
.... 
o o o o o 2.o o o— .2 
LOB—San 
Diego 
8, 
Houston 
9. 
2B — 
JGruz, 
JGonzalz, 
Ivie, 
DoRoder , 
Howe. 
3B—Tenace. 
SB —Turner, 
Ivie, 
Winfield. 
S—Griffin, 
Andujar. 
IP 
. H . R E R BB SO 

 ab r h bi 
4. o. oo 
Maddox cf 
5 2 4 2 ISUttn p 
8 
o o o o 
OBrwn lf 
o o o o Tmpltn ss 
4 o 1o 
Bowa ss 
5 1 1 o Mc Bde cf 
4 o o o 
Schmdt 
3b 
3 2 o o Scott cf 
o o o o 
Lzinski lf 
4 2 3 4 HCruz rf 
4 o 2 o 
Martin cf 
1 1 o o Andrsn rf 
o o o o 
Jhstn rf 
5 13 o Smnrins c 
3 o 1o 
Boone c 
3 1 1 1 DoRder c 
1o o o lorg lb 
1 o o o KHrndz lb 
1o o o 
OJhnsn ph 
1 1 1 2 Freed lb 
1 1 1 1 
Talon * lb 
2 o o o Reitz 
3b 
4 
I o 
FAdws 
2b 
4 o o o Tyson 
2b 
3 o 1o 
Hrmon 
2b 
o o o o DaVnon 
2b 
1o o o 
Lerch 
P 
3 o 1o RFrsch p 
o o o o 
Shltz p 
o o o o 
CCarrli p 
o o o o 
Mumry lf 
1o o o 
Total 
31.1.7.1 
Total .. 
37.11. 14.9 ................................. 
St. Louis 
...................... 
ooo. ooo 
o o 1 - 1 
Philadelphia 
............... 
2 o o.o 5 2.2 o o—11 
E —Templeton 
D P—Philadelphia 
I. 
LOB—St.Louis 
8, 
Philadelphia 
8. 
28— 
Maddoz 
2, 
Luzinski 
2. 
3B-HCruz. 
H R - 
Luzinski 
13), 
Freed 
(I). 
S B —Johnstone. 
S—KHrnadez, 
RForsch, 
Lerch. 
S F — 
Boone. 
IP . ,H R E R B B SO 
RForsch 
(L.3-1) 
4 
9 6 
6 
2 
2 
Schultz 
2-3 I 
I 
I 
o 
I 
CCorroll 
11-32 
2 
2 
I 
o 
ISutton 
2 
2 
2 
o 
o xO 
Lerch 
(W.2-1) 
9 
7 
I 
I 
3 
4 
H B P —By 
RForsch 
(Boone). 
T—2:2o. 
A—27,642. 
D o d g e r s 6 4 

LO S.A N G E LE S 
. 
. ATLANTA 
... i ab .r.h bi . . 
....... ab r.h bi 
Lopes 
2b 
5 1 1 o Office cf 
5 o 2 1 
Russell ss 
5 2 3 o Ryster 
3b 
3 1 1 o 
Smith rf 
4 1 1 1 Mntnez lb 
3 1o o 
Cey 
3b 
3 12 4 Brrghs rf 
4 o 11 
Garvev lb 
4 o o o Mtthws lf 
4 o 12 
Monday cf 
2 1 1 1 Pcroba c 
4 o 1o 
Boker lf 
4 o 2 o Gilbrth 
2b 
3 1 1 o 
Hale ph 
o o o o Rckett ss 
2 o 1o 
Yeager c 
3 8 o o Camp p 
o o o o 
Hooton 
P 
2 o o o Pcorek ph 
1o o o 
Powell 
Ph 
1 o o o Rthven o 
3 1 1 o 
Hough p 
1 o o o Moore 
3b 
o o o o 
Total 
.... 
34.6.1o.6 Total 
32.4 9.4 

Los 
Angeles 
............. 
o o 4 o o o. o o 2— 6 
Atlanta 
................... 
o o 3 1 o o. o o o - 4 
E —Burroughs. 
D P—Los 
Angeles 
I, 
At- 

(L.l- l) 

Tiffin 
(W.1-o) omlin nduior arson entz ambiito 
Save—Tomlin 

52 3 
3 1-3 
5 
1 1-3 
2-3 
2 
(I). 
T—2:36 

 lanta 
I. 
LOB—Los 
Angeles 
8, 
Atlanta 
6. 
2B—Baker, 
Russell. 
H R —Cey 
(4), 
Mon­ day 
(2). 
SB—Royster. 
S—Gilbreath, 
Rock­ ett, 
Royster, 
Garvey. 
S F —Cey. 
IP . H R E R BB SO 
Hooton 
Hough 
Ruthven 
Camp 
W P—Hooton 
A—25,546. 

<W,3-o) 
(L,3-l) 

6 
9 4 
3 
O O 
8 1-3 IO 
6 
2-3 o o 
P B —Pocorobo. 

4 
I 
2 
o 
I 
2 
6 
5 
5 
O O O 
T—2:12. 

GARDEN CENTER 
OPEN SUNDAY 
IO AM-4 PM 

PRICES GOOD SUNDA Y ONLY 

We w a n t to be y o u r favorite store 

12x12 

W o o lco 

REG. 6o< 

CONCRETE 

PATIO 
BLOCKS 
*1 
2 

FLUFFY 
RUFFLE FERN 

REG 1.77 
ST. AUGUSTINE SOD 
APPROXIMATE 
SIZE 16x24 
OUR STORE ONLY 
LIMITED QUANTITIES 

J -G ALLO N 
TYLER 
ROSES 
2„s3 
REG. 1.97 EA. 
Plants are large and leafy. 
Som e are in bloom. 

4o LB. 

ORGANIC 
PEAT 

REG. 1.57 

 borne are in Gloom. 

I 1-Tn m r y y r r r Y T n n m 
^ j p n n n n f in n r 

BJLft-ftJLftJLOfl ft ft 

WOOLCO COUPON 
IO" 
HANGING 
BASKETS 
496 

REG. 7.97 I 
Select from begonia, ferns, air- a plane plants. Jews and Swedish o ivy. 
*■ 

COUPON GOOD SUN. 4/24/77 ONLY 
.ftJULfl .flJLftJULflJUt 

~tnmnmroTm>~8~5"B~yr8 a'tnnrtns 
WOOUO COUPON 

4o-LB. BAG 
TOP SOIL 
< 
97 
WOOLCO PRICE 

WOOUO COUPON 
BEDDING 
PLANTS 

3 TO 
6PLANTS 

PER TRAY 

Includes peppers, toma­ toes, petunias, begonias. 
Marigolds. 

COUPON GOOD SUN. 4/24/77 

" o i l O O O O Q Q f l O f l O Q Q f l f l u a f tft .fL&.SUULJLA.SLBJ U LS& 

 jf y g T n n r r r T m r r r ^ 
I a 6 Y T n n n >~B~oinn & 

WOOLCO COUPON 

I GALLON 
SEUOUM 
PHILODENDRON 

FOR 
REG. 1.97 

COUPON GOOD SUN. 4/24/77 ONLY 

. Af t 8 8 9 9 8 8 9 ftft OOO O O P O O O O O O O O O O O O o ^ 

’ 
WOOLCO NAM S 11 LASY TOtHOP s h 
Q 
’ Commot L>r *»»» 

WOOUO «LM»VI> TK HOW TO UMH QUANTUM— HOT IWCTHIIU POX TY POCA A PWC AL DHOAX 

4 ( o 3 W IST 
C O M M ISCE 
4 3 4 - 9 4 * 1 

5 2 7 PAIS 
AVENUE 
511-IIM 
371o AUSTIN 
MWV. Al WALZ Ut 
4 3 3 -4 4 4 1 

SHOP WOOLCO 9i3o A M . TO *i3o PJM. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

LET THE "BRADY BUNCH" SAVE YOU HUNDREDS DF DOLLARS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday April 24 1977 
H * pQge 11 s 
Stap wins 

FREE $129.95 VALUE 
QUASAR Portable IV with purchase of these rigs 
FREE $159.95 VALUE 
QUASAR Portable TV with purchase of these rigs 

NEW 15' FUNMASTER TRI-HULL 
1977 SPDRTCRAFT 1./o. WITH 
12o HP MERCRUISER 

> l r loses 2 

\;tk 
' '■ 

 v ‘ 
NR. 

BEN CRENSHAW reacts w hen try for birdie putt m issed during Saturday play ap w i r e p h o t o 
Bears 
W a t s o n l e a d s win J 

DALLAS (AP) - Burl 
Coker and Mike Roberts shared a three-hitter in the first game and Coker had four RBIs in the second contest to spark 
Baylor to a 15-o and 12-7 
Southwest Conference baseball doubleheeder sweep over Couthern 
Methodist Saturday. 
Steve Macko pounded a three-run homer for the 
Bears in the first game, when they scored five runs in the third inning and four more in the fourth to run away from the Mustangs. 
Despite outscoring 
SMU 27-7 in the doub­ leheader. Baylor outhit* the Mustangs only 16-1o. 
SMU had six errors. 

First game 
Savior 
oo5 413 2-15 9 I 
Southern 
Methodist 
OOO OOO o— o 3 2 
Coker, Roberts (6) and Czims- kev, Wooley. Beard, Hollock (5), 
G alla g h e r 
(7) and S traw n , 
W estm oreland. gw Sco ker. 
L —Beard. HR—Baylor, Macko. 
Second game 
Savior 
1o2 2o1 o42-12 
7 o 
Southern 
Methodist 
1o1 DIO o4o— 7 IO 4 
C ocanow er, 
B ro z ze ll 
(6 ), 
Pearlrnan (8), School (8) and 
Czimskev, Woolev Boss, Jones 
(8) and Strawn, Westmoreland. 
W —C ocanow er. 
L — Boss. 
H R —Baylor, Coker. 

NEW ORLEANS (AF5) - Masters champion Tom 
Watson, apparently in trouble two holes earlier, bailed himself out with an eagle, fired a second- round 68 and took a one-stroke lead Saturday going into the final 36 holes of the $175,ooo New Orleans 
Open Golf Tournament. 
Watson wound up the day at 136, one stroke ahead of Stan Lee, who equalled Watson’s 68. 
Watson went into Saturday’s qualifying round in second place, four strokes under par. He duplicated that feat Saturday, although it appeared for a moment that he would slip back in the pack. 
After two shots at No. 4, Latson found himself in a bunker and had to blast out. He wound up three feet from the pin and made the putt for a bogey. 
Two holes later, he got the eagle. Watson boomed a good drive, got a fortunate bounce on his approach shot and w’ound up three feet from the pin. This time the three-foot putt gave him the eagle. 

1977 GALAXY DKP VI/o WITH 12o HP MERCRUISER 
STANDARD EQUIPMENT Cullom con- toured sleeper seats, bow rails, custom tailored convertible top, glove com­ partment with running lights wired, 
Aqua-Turf marine carpeting, built in stern seats. Electric bilge pump, bilge blower, 18' gallon fuel tank with elec­ tric fuel gauge, bow rails, deluxe dashboard with full instrumentation 

 and engine remote controls, stern rail and boarding ladder. Skipper B. Gal­ vanized Custom Drive-on Trailer 
Suggested List $6333.33 
ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL 
>4988 

SNClAi YO TMI tXRtt'tS NEWS 

THM PEH - Rusty 
Culbreth wiped out two early San Antonio College leads with big hits Sa­ turday as the Temple 
Junior College swept a doubleheader. 12-5, and 
6-2. 
The Rangers jumped out to a 5*2 lead in the first game before Cul­ breth tied it with a three-run homer. Temple broke the game open with six runs in the sixth. 
SAC led 2-o in the second game going into the sixth inning on a three-hitter by Jaim e 
Ortiz but Temple again exploded for six runs after Culbereth’s two-run double tied it. 
FIR ST GAM E 
SAC 
o5o OOO o-5 
7 o 
Terrible 
2o4 oo6 x—12 13o 

Allen, Rleger (2) end Swlnson, 
Frederick and Notions, w — 
Rieger (4 o). L — Fred erick 
(25). HRS — Culbreth, two on, third. 

SECOND GAM E 
SAC 
oo2 OOO o-2 
7 I 
Temple 
2oooo oo6 x—6 
9 o 
Ortiz and Notions. Kosoar and 
Venier W — Kaspar (4o). L — 
Ortiz (o-7). 
T ra ck 
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) 
— Olympic long jump champion Amie Robin­ son heads a group of four 
United States track ath­ letes who will compete in three meets in Japan, the 
Amateur Athletic Union said Saturday. 
Joining Robinson will be Rosalyn Bryant, a member of the American women’s team that wron the silver medal in th<f 
1,6oo-meter relay at the 
Montreal Games; dis­ tance runner 
Garry 
Bjorklund, 13th in the 
Olympic 1o,ooo meters, and miler Marty Liquori, 
12th in the Olympic 
1.5oo-meter race in 1968. 

AMARILLO — Trinity’s Sandy Stap breezed past two opponents Saturday and captured the singles title at the TAI AW 
State Championships. 

Slap, a junior All-American at Trinity, downed 
Nerissa Riley of Texas, 6-3,6-2, in the semifinals and clobbered Texas’ Jo .Ann Kurz. 6-1. 6-o, in the finals. 
However, things did not go quite as well in dou­ bles. Stap and Carrie Fleming were ousted in the semifinals by Texas’ Riley and Susie Smith, 6-3, 6-4. 
Texas took the team title with 22 points and the 
Trinity was second with 18. Southern Methodist was third with 14. 
The Tiger women did qualify for the next step in the TAIAVV system, the Regional Championships in 
Dallas May 18-22. 
A g s w in 2 

HOUSTON (AP) — Stout pitching by David 
Pieczynski and Mark Thurmond carried Texas A&M to a 7-1, 3-o, Southwest Conference baseball doub­ leheader victory over the University of Houston 
Saturday. 
Pieczynski tossed a four hitter in the second game to record his sixth victory against a single loss after 
Thurmond had scattered eight hits in the opener for his 1oth triumph without a loss. 
The double victory pushed the Aggies’ record to 
36-12 for the season and 18-4 in conference play. 
Houston fell to 27-171 for the season and finished with a conference mark of 11-12-1. 
Fir*! GoiRe 
Texas A&M 
12o o22 o—7 14 I 
Houston 
IOO OOO o—1 
8 I 
Thurm ond and T u rn e r. B lu m . M c K in n e y (6 ) and B e a r d ­ ie—Thurmond (1o-o). L —Blum (8 4) 
Second Gome 
Texas A&M 
OOO OO) o2o—3 8 I 
Houston 
OOO OOO ooo—o 4 o 
Pieczynski and Turner. Lukish and Beard W —Pieczynsii (6 1), 
L —Lukish (43). A-I,OOO 
DALE CARNEGIE 
COURSE 

IN EFFECTIVE SPEAKING, HUMAN RELATIONS, 
SELF-CONFIDENCE, MEMORY TRAINING, 
SELLING YOUR IDEAS 
CLASS NOW FORMING 

E n r o llm e n t L im it e d 

C all 7 3 3 -o 5 7 4 fo r In form atio n 
Accredited by the Continuing Education Council 

Protontod by Jim Trtvotto A Associates 

NEN 15.FoDT SPDRTCRAFT TRI-HULL 
INCLUDES; Walk thru windihield ★ a() j|ghts & ,je down upholitered Helsman seats ★ Fire extinguisher ★ battery & battery 
Suggested Retail $3767.27 

 box ★ two bow storage boxes with 
ANNIVERSARY SRI Cl A A upholstered seats ★ gas tank ♦ 5o hp full electric Mercury outboard with single lever remote control * easy- load skipper B galvanized trailer with 
$2788 

Page I 7 S 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS-— Sunday April 24 I 977 
Tourney nears 

Twenty six teams, eight from San 
Antonio, have entered the 5th annual 
Men s Fast Pitch softball tournament 
Satu rd ay and Sunday at Alva J o 
Fischer complex. 
The tournament is sponsored by the 
San Antonio P a rk s and Recreation 
Department. 
Play will get underway at 8 a m. 

Saturday on all four diamonds of the complex, located on Nacogdoches Rd. about four miles north of Loop 41o. 

San Antonio entries will include 
Lackland A F B , J a c k F isch er Auto 
Parts, Glowworms. Pearl Beer, First 
State Fence. Randolph A FB. King’s 
Lounge and Taco Territory. 
CARIBBEAN CRUISE 

 the" Port of Corpus Christi 
7 DAYS CRUISE CALLING AT: 
PLAYA del CARMEN/COZUMEL 
& MONTEGO BAY, JAMAICA 
June 3 thru IO 
Cruise The Newest Ship Afloat: 
M/S KAZAKHSTAN 

16,6oo tons and built in Finland in 1976, registered in the U.S.S.R., the 
M /S KAZAKHSTAN meets all International Safety Standards for new ships developed in 196o and the 1966 Fire Safety Requirements. LIMITED 
CABIN SPACE AVAILABLE 
PRICES f o a m 
CALl 1-512-855-3351 r K V / m 
For Reservations & Brochures or 
$465 to 
CALL YOUR TRAVEL AGENT 
$96o Per Person Based On Double Occupancy Plus Port Taxes 

FOR INFORMATION AND BOOKINGS ON THE 
JUNE 3rd M /S KAZAKHSTAN CRUISE FROM 
CORPUS CHRISTI sn * 11 
Edwards Travel Services 
9 A O I T K f 
V M L L 543o Fredericksburg Rd. San Antonio 
J I 

222 enter golf tourney 

Two hundred twenty two. 
T h at’s the number of golfers who have thus far entered the 
14th annual charity golf tourna­ m ent sponsored by the Santa 
Rosa M en’s Club May 2 at Can­ yon Creek country club. 

“ It’s just terrific; all we need now is good w e a th e r ,” e x c la im e d C. J . 
Krause, president of the Men’s Club. 
“ We should be able to make a nice contribution to the Children’s Hospital 
Regional Heart Center fund,” Krause added. 
L ast y e a r ’s count was 2 p la y ers, although 199 had entered before the a ffa ir was postponed a week on a c ­ count of heavy rains. 
The tournament features two shot­ gun starts, the first at 8 a.m. and the 

 other at 1:3o p.m. Both are limited to 
128 players to avoid congestion on the course. 
The afternoon field has been filled for a month, but spots still are availa­ ble In the morning field in which 94 players had entered by the end of the week. 

To encourage more entries in the m orning, tournam ent o fficials will stage a 2 p.m. putting tournament at no extra charge. 
Some 25 to 3o door prizes including a 
$15o set of irons donated by H arry 
Boggs of Alexander and Alexander will be given away at the evening banquet. 
Cost of the entire day’s activities is 
$85 for each golfer. 

Golfers who wish to join the morning flight may do so by calling reserva­ tions to the Santa Rosa public relations office, 228-21o8 or 228-21o7. 

Limited time only. 
Ifs f new: 
Convection oven. 

Save $8o on W ards finest 3o-inch gas range. 
Convection cooking saves time, energy, money. 

8 8 
Regularly 

For the winners 

FLOYD WRIGHT of the Santa Rosa Men s 
Club shows off a few of the glittering trophies that will be awarded winners of the 
Santa Rosa Men’s Club charity golf tourna­ ment May 2 at Canyon Creek Country Club. 
Entries in the 8 a.m. field are still available by calling the Santa Rosa public relations office. — Photo by Joan Imbimbo___ 

Men’s diamond solitaires at value prices—hurry, they’re in limited supply! 

Each diamond solitaire is silhouetted against a dark back­ ground to enhance the diamond’s fire, shape and beauty. 

Round-shape diam ond solitaire in 14 karat yellow gold, $ 1,2oo 

Pear-shape diam ond solitaire in 14 karat yellow gold, $1,o oo 

\ 
— H 
— 
I— 
I i im urn y ' % 

O val-shape diam ond solitaire in 14 karat yellow gold, $1,125 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zales Revolving C harge • Z ales Custom C harge • BankA m ericard 
M aster C h a rg e * A m erican E x p ress* D iners C lu b * C arte B la n ch e * Layaw ay 

• 4 o o E. HOUSTON 
• 116 E. HOUSTON 
Shop Downtown 
Thor*. Evening* 
• LA FERIA CENTER 
• WINDSOR PARK ZALES 
The Diamond Store 

NORTH STAR MALL 
PERRIN PLAZA 
UNIVERSAL CITY 
WALNUT SQUARE, 
New B rau n fels Tx. 

P a rk Free W ith Purchase D o w n tow n 
Illustrations enlarged 

Oven heat circulates! 
Blow er-forced h eat goes directly into the food, cook­ ing it faster and at lower temperatures. You save up to 
5o% and more on fuel bills. 549 

6 2 9 .9 5 

Electric ignition— no pilot lights! You save energy and money. 

Deluxe baekguard has fluorescent work- light, chrome trim. 

Large digital clock is easy to read, has handy 1-hour timer. 

Cleanups are easy with chromed burner bowls, lift-up cooktop. 

Automatic oven turns on, cooks, turns off at preset times. 

Self-cleaning oven has timed cycle to clean autom atically. 

No oven preheating ever! You save both tim e and gas energy. 

Convection cooking helps seal in flavor and juices in foods. 

Waist-high broiler lets you broil on top oven rack— no stooping. 

NO MONEY DOWN ON APPLIANCES W ITH C HARG -ALL 

Hunting value? Find it here. I ’Avil H I 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 4 1 o 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M . daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M . daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M . daily 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
7569 Highway 9o W est 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M . daily 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M . daily 

Electro-Voice 
EVS-16B 
THREE 
W A Y 12" 
SPEAKER 
Reg. 139.95 
8 9 .9 5 

An extremely economical automatic turntable that doesn't sacrifice per­ formance or reliability. 
Features include rugged induction motor and low mass, jam-proof arm with cue/ pause and anti-skate control. Com­ plete with base, dust cover and magnetic cartridge. 

Was 69.95 4 9 .9 5 

WALD AX-8 
8 " Two 
W ay System 

Was 49.95 
2 4 .9 5 

SONY HP-169 
A M -F M Stereo 

R e c e iv e r/Record 
Player/C assette 
Player-Recorder 
Speakers Included 

Was 3oo.oo 199.95 
S T E R L I N G 
SOUND 
Limited 
Quantities 
B a n m a m e r * c a b o 

Demos-One of a Kind 
Last Year Models 

 iSboppeo 

46oo SAN PEDRO AVENUE 735-9173 12 NOON-6 PM TODAY! 

Classics 

San 
A n to n ia’s only 
David 
Anthony Richelieu looks into the world of classical music and finds three pintos on a stereo LR. The word is out, and 

Classics, today. 
4 

EXPRESS NEWS 
S u n d a y 

PAGE I 
April 21, 1977 l l i n g a z i l M 
1-JJ 

Kodak’s E-6 

Ron Jones has run a trial test on Kodak’s new E-6 process and tells about it in Photo Tips. 
Also, he offers ideas for shooting holiday festivals. All 

Hilltop Herb Farm 

Dining amid scented geraniums 

Tho Hilltop Herb Farm, near Cleveland, in East 
Texas, is a tourist attraction that’s charming without being trite. It’s for people who prefer dining to eating and who want travel experiences rather than activities. 

It s a place where you spend several hours eating dozens of undid I things and come away vowing to master the art of herb cookery. 
Between courses, you sip tranquilitea, sniff scented ger­ aniums and browse for herb potpourris, jellies and jams, fragrant soaps aud homemade breads. 
The Hilltop Herb Farm is restaurant-greenhouse-country store-herb farm rolled very nicely into one. 
The store is called the Gallimaufry, the potting house the 
Maternity Ward (no visitors allowed) and the restroom the 
N'eeessarium. 

LOC ATED IN SAM HOUSTON National Forest, the Hill­ top Herb Farm began in 1957 as a retirement project for proprietress Madalene Hill and her husband. Jim. 
They envisioned a spot to relax, grow gladioli and herbs, and perfect a hobby of cooking. 
The gardening hobby blossomed into an herb farm that produces 15o1) varieties of herbs, 69 kinds of scented geran­ iums and numerous other potted plants. 
The cooking hobby evolved into the Garden Room, a spacious greenhouse-restaurant where guests dine amid tropical foliage and hanging baskets of fragrant herbs, ferns and b egon ias. 
Meals in the Garden Room begin with hearty soup, m el­ low cornbread and herded butter, followed by a salad buffet of greenery, cool aspics, artichoke hearts and liver pate. 
The main course is built around an array of in-season fruits and vegetables to which Mrs. Hill has done magical things. 
There's one meat entree with condiments and fresh baked whole wheat bread. It s all served with iced tranquilitea. a fragrant blend of java dogwood tea and 18 herbs garnished with a sprig of mint. 
Dessert may be cheese, murcots and pound cake baked with rose geranium leaves. For a final touch of content­ ment: a soothing hot tisane (Old French for “health tea” ) which Mrs. Hill professes can ease that too-full feeling after eating, dispel weariness, correct insomnia and calm the spirit. 
Garden Room menus vary from day to day. Mrs. Hill and her staff prepare whatever’s in season. They also impose stringent rules on their clientele: absolutely no service without reservations, 5o percent advance deposit, no sm ok­ ing on the premises. 
Nevertheless, the Garden Room is usually booked several weeks in advance with travelers coming from as far away as 
Europe, Asia and South America to dine there. 
While the Hilltop Herb Farm employs a staff of about 3o. it s mainly a family labor of love, run by the Hills and their daughter and son-in-law, Gwen and John Barclay. 

G REEN H O U SE D IN IN G (by reservation only) brings thousands of visitors to Hilltop Herb 
Farm 

MRS. HILL HAS NO secret recipes. The Gallimaufry—a 
Middle English word m eaning m ixture or hodge-podge 

—stocks most things needed to prepare Garden Room con­ coctions. including the recipes. 
The store has a pleasant country cupboard feel with dried herbs hanging from the ceiling, jars of jellies and relishes lining the shelves and wooden barrels filled with interesting things sitting about. 

It’s a place for prolonged browsing, for reading labels, thumbing through books and poking your nose into jars of fragrant bath potpourris. In short, don’t walk through the door without an hour or two to spare. 

But save some time and a few pennies for the greenhouse, because you won't be able to resist the scented geraniums that sm ell of rose and lemon and orange and other ro­ mantic things. 

This large atrium-like structure has ceilings fall enough to accommoadate tropical trees. 

High up, wrens build their nests in hanging baskets filled with airplane plants. 

Mrs. Hill not only talks to her plants, she also pats and strokes them 

“And if they don’t grow, I show them the compost heap, she adds. 
Reservations, six weeks in advance, are necessary. 
The Herb Farm serv es lunch at noon on T uesday. 
Wednesday and Thursday, arid a buffet from I to 3 p.m. on 
Sunday. 
Dinner is served only on Saturday at 7 p.m. The weekday luncheon costs about $7.5o and includes a 1o:3o a m. tour of the facility; the Sunday buffet costs about $8 for adults and 
$3 for children under 12. Dinner runs about $15 (no chil­ dren’s menu). There's a 5o per cent advance deposit but no gratuity. 
The store and greenhouse are also open Friday and Sa­ turday from IO a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday from 2 to 4 p.m. 
Everything’s closed Mondays and holidays. 
The Herb Farm is about a five-hour drive from San 
Antonio. 
Ifs located near Cleveland, Tex., on Farm Road 1725 in 
Sam Houston National Forest. To obtain more information or to order a country store catalogue (include 35 cents postage for catalogue), write the Hilltop Herb Farm, 
Dept. S. P. O. Box 866, Cleveland Tex. 77327. Or call 
713-592-5859. 

Pullin’ the plug on rock and roll 

Michael Lee Smith and his rock group Stars played to a near - sellout crowd recently at Municipal 
Auditorium. While the group was in town, SUNDAY M agasine co­ lumnist Ben King Jr. talked with the young rocker Smith. The story 

MICHAEL LEE SMITH 

Record albums: 
Spinning out off sight 
Starz gazer 

The screaming fans and glamour associated with rock music are all nice, says Michael Lee Smith. But the rising star says he’s in the business mostly because he doesn’t want to grow up. 

 fantasy, which sta rted when he was in elemen- 

— -Since you are intim a­ tely involved, you might like to know what the music industry is saying behind your back. It is saying th a t your enthusiasm is undaunt­ ed. 
Sounds pretty good, doesn’t it? Like making cheerleader or som eth­ ing. The trouble is the recent Billboard M aga­ zine which carried that description was talking about how quietly the record buying public had accepted the recent hefty increase in record prices. 

The industry has rea­ son to be pretty cocky. 
The No. I album in the country for the past se­ veral weeks has been the most expensive one-re­ cord album ever put on the market, "A Star Is 
Born,” the soundtrack of that epic film by Barbra 
Streisand and Kris Kris- tofferson. 

THE LIST PRICE of the album was $8.98. 
That was a $2 jump over most other single record album s, desp ite the money saved on the al­ bum cover by leaving clothes off of Kris and 
Barbra. 
The music trade publi­ cation also was just overjoyed that record consumers rushed lo pay list prices of $7.98 for 
•'A n im als” by 
Pink 
Floyd, •’R um ours” by 
Fleetw ood 
Mac, 
"In 
Flight” by George Ben­ son and ‘ Low” by David 
Bowie. 
Qf all of the major new albums released at $7.98, only “ A Day at the 
Races” by Queen was show ing less than antici- nated sales. 
The $7.98 figure is ap­ parently becoming the new industry standard, with $8.98 reserved for special occasions. Like whenever one of the Os­ monds gets a new tooth. 
You may wonder what prompted the latest price increase. Well, it hasn’t been easy for the record business. It was only a 
$2.5 billion industry last year. There are a mere 
2.6oo albums and 6,2oo singles released annual­ ly 

OH, 
THE 
VICISSI­ 
TUDES of the record­ ing business. You may have heard about the drought in California. 
Who knows how much longer it will be before the Beach Boys dry up? 
The drought also took a heavy toll on the people who lick record labels. 
In addition to that, coffee prices are going out of sight and you know how much musicians like to stay up late. 
The industry also could be devastated by the 

Playback 

By Joel McNally 

 proposed governm ent ban on saccharin. How will they ever find ac­ ceptable substitutes for 
Olivia Newton-John and the Captain and Tennile? 
And if all that weren’t bad enough, there are ru m o rs th at a k iller blight has wiped out nearly the en tire sea­ son’s crop of cellophane. 

SOME MIGHT THINK 
I am making too much out of this record price thing. In a way, record albums are still a bar­ gain. Sure, you m ight have to shell out $8 or $9. but a record by Grand 
Funk 
Railroad is so­ m ething you have for­ ever. 
Still, 
I am a little bothered by the figures I recently received from 
Cambridge Research In­ stitute, a firm which has looked extensively into the economics of the re­ cording industry. 
A ccording to C am ­ bridge Research, under the previous list price of 
$6.98, the actual cost to the record manufacturer averaged out to $2.17 for a record album. 
The record m an u ­ facturer marked that up 
$1.16 and made it availa­ ble to record distributors for $3.33. The distributor added another 29 cents and sold it to retailers for $3.62. 
Whatever the retailer 

RITA C O O L ID G E 

 chooses to mark it up, w hich m ight be any­ where from 3o per cent to 
6o per cent, is what you pay. 
But don’t let that daunt your old enthusiasm. 

SO FAR THE PRICE increases have been li­ mited to top name acts. 
That is dandy for them. 
But the inevitable exten­ sion to all new releases could have an u nfor­ tunate effect on good ar­ tists who are not quite so easy to sell at inflated p rices. 
Like 
R oger 
McGuinn. 
M cGuinn was 
Jim 
McGuinn of The Byrds before he changed his name for what were de­ scribed as religious rea­ sons. His career was gi­ ven a renewed boost re­ cently when he joined 
Bob 
D ylan’s 
R olling 
Thunder Revue. 
It shows on the new album with an excellent, imitative version of Dy­ lan’s “ Golden Loom.” 
M cGuinn com bines some of his Chicago Old 
Town folk sen sitiv ity with som e good bass twanging rock ‘n’ roll. 
With “ Russian Hill,” he may be one of the few current rockers who still rem e m b ers L aw rence 
F e rlin g h e tti and San 
F rancisco. Everybody else moved to L.A. 
Also particularly good are “We Can Do It Over 
A gain,” “ D ixie H igh­ way” and an old ‘5os re in c a rn a tio n , 
“ Why 
Baby Why.” 

RITA 
COOLIDGE^ 
NEW ALBUM is so good that for once I won’t even mention that Rita is the wife of a big time rock star. 
A fter passes at folk singing, romantic duets w ith what’s his name and even some jazz singing, 
Rita is ready to stand on her own as a rock singer with the album , “ Any­ tim e . . . Anywhere’’ 
<A&M). 
A rran g em en ts by 
Booker T. Jones and tunes written by Smokey 
Robinson, the Bee Gees, 
Boz Scaggs. Sam Cooke and Kris Kristofferson add up to a high energy performance. 
Especially rocking are 
“ Higher and 
Higher.” 
"The Way You Do the 
Thing You Do” and “ Let the Good Times Roll.” 
She drops back for beau­ tiful accoustic versions of "W e’re All Alone” and 
"I Don’t Want to Talk 
About It.” 
I think I like her ver­ sion of "Who’s to Bless and Who’s to B lam e” even better than that of the guy who wrote it The songwriter is m arried to someone who looks like she could be a big time rock star. 

In fact the 25-year-old rock star says most of the people in the m ulti-m il­ lion dollar industry are aging P e te r P an s de­ sp e ra tely clinging to whatever is left of their youth. 
And 
Sm ith should know. lie’s the lead singer for the hard-rock group 
Starz which recently ap­ peared before a near sell-out crowd in San An­ tonio. 
While the group hasn’t become a household word like the Beatles or Beach 
Boys, ifs on the way up. 
S tarz first a ttra c te d national attention with 
"Pull The Plug,” a con­ troversial ballad to Kar­ en Ann Quinlan. And now the five-man group cur­ rently has a clim bing 
Top 4o hit with “ Cherry 
Baby.” 
As a re su lt, when 
Sm ith bounces out on stage like a spastic ballet d an cer, pandem onium breaks out am ong his teenage fans. 
His act sum s up the fantasy of any 15-year-old who’s closed the door to his room , tu rn ed his stereo up to full volume and imagined himself in front of an auditorium full of fans. 
The stage lights bathe 
S m ith ’s b are-chested torso in a blinding rain­ bow of colors as the au­ dience crowds around the stag e try in g to get as close as possible to the brown-maned performer. 
While Smith sings and screams his lyrics over the roar of Starz’ electric g u itars and d ru m s, he runs through his rep er­ to ire of poses and ex­ pressions. 
F irst he leers like a madman at the audience and a little later places a hand on his hip striking a coy pose lo emphasize a song’s lyrics. 
Smith candidly admits his stage antics a re n ’t that different from what he would use trying to seduce a girl on a lovers’ lane. 
" It’s almost like you’re with a chick and you’re thinking — how am I go­ ing to turn her on?,” he explains. 
"I just get so excited I feel like an animal. It’s like sex, you use a little eye contact and if every­ thing works out you feel great,” Smith says. 
But when Smith steps off the stag e the pace slows down dramatically, sometimes to a dead halt. 
And the high pow ered rock singer becom es a nice guy, who d o esn ’t have any delusions about what’s happening around him. 
"I hate to be the one to debunk the myth about the glam orous life of a rock star. But they never put in magazines how we spend all day watching 
T V. in motel rooms, be­ com ing ‘Andy of M ay­ berry’ experts.” 
The Atlanta, Ga. native started his quest to be­ com e a rock s ta r five years ago when his par­ ents put him on a plane lo 

New York with $42 in his pocket. 
“ I had been getting in trouble with the police and nothing was working out because I didn’t have any opportunities in At­ lanta,” he explains. 
In New York Sm ith went through the usual gauntlet of jobs like taxi driver and dish washer until he m et the other 
S tarz m em b ers and started rehearsing in a 
Chinatown loft. 
Before long the group was discovered, became one of Capitol Records pet projects and started touring the nation. 
And there Smith was — acting out his rock-star 

 tary school. . .mimicking 
Elvis Presley in front of his bedroom mirror. 
It would seem like 
Smith has everything a man his age could ask for except the guarantee he’s going to be young fo r­ ever. 
When asked about his age Smith hedges: “ I’m 
25, but w'hy don’t you put that I’m 23. That’s what the other guys in the band are giving as their age.” 
So what’s so bad about being a 25-year-old in the rock business? Does it have anything to do with the age difference 

 betw een him and his 
15-year-old fans? 

"I don’t know exactly what it is,” Smith says, 
"but I feel like I’m 15 and 
I want to be 15. I don’t like being 25, if I was 5o and had it m ade that would be line, but I don’t like 25. 

"Actually almost ever­ ybody in the busin ess wants to be 15, because being asso cia te d with rock is one way of putting oil aging. 

"For me this is all like a prolonged adolesence, plus I get paid for it. You 
( a n ’t ask for m uch m ore,” 

On the records' 
CO M M O S RD I tiU O A W MAO AZIM 

Top I O Sin gle s 

1 Don t leove Me this Way — Thelma Houston 
2 Southern N ights — Glen Campbell 
3 Motet California - Eagle5 
4 Don t Give Up On lh — David Soul 
6 The Things We Do for Love — IO cc 
6 t v# Got Love On M y M m d — Natalie Cole 
7 Evergreen — bor bro Streisand 
8 So In To You — Atlanta Rhythm Section 
9 When ♦ Need You — Leo Sayer 
1o Right Time O f The Night — Jemhiet Worries 

Top I O a lb u m s 
1 Eagles — Hotel California 
2 fie**w ood Mac — Rumours 
3 b a rb e ro St»eisond & Kris Kristofferson — 
A Star Is Born 
O rig in a l So u n dtrack R eco rdin g 
A Stevie Wonder — Songs In The Key O f life 
5 . Kansas — leftover tut e 
6 barry Mamiew — This O ne s Tor You 
I boston — Boston 
8 Not aire Cole — Unpredictable 
9. Steve Millet Band — fly like A n Eagle 
IC George Benson — In Right 

PAG! 2 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apt. 24, 1977 

MICHAEL LEE SMITH, lead singer o f the rock group Star/., springs to the offence during a recent concert at Municipal Auditorium. The young singer has found life on the big-time concert circuit to be a mixture of fantasy, hard work and hours o f watching television alone in hotel room s. 

The Classics 

 by David Anthony Rh helieu 

Mahler pulls off 
Pintos project 

QUESTION: 
What is/art* "The Three Pintos” ? 
ANSWER: 
A. A sales promotion by Ford Motor Co. wiving a special discount to families which buy three compact Pintos at the same time. 
II. A comedy about three love-sick Spaniards. 
C. A poor man s whiskey collection. 
I). A new AIK-TV action detective series about three midget investigators. 
If you chose •None of the above,” you are wrong. 
“ The Three Pintos" or, in the original 
German “ Die Drei Pintos” is a delightful comic opera about three Spanish suitors. The music, however, wasn’t written until IOO years after the composer, Carl Maria von Weber died. 
Maybe the choices ought to have included something to the effect: A posthumously written comedy about three love-sick Span­ iards. 
The Pintos is classic von Weber, even though the music was actually completed - . , . by 
Gustav Mahler more than IOO years after 
Weber's death. Mahler was the only person around who could deehipher Weber’s bizarre musical notations. 
Once Mahler broke the code, the Pintos became a centennial project. Mahler, through his extensive study of Weber, was able to compose uncompleted sections of the music with such skill that even music masters cannot discern those notes which came from the pen of the original composer and those which came from his imitator. 
The story is about a Spanish nobleman whose daughter has been promised to the son of a friend to whom he owes a favor. 
Pinto, the intended suitor, runs across an ex-student. Gaston, in an inn in Madrid and the student is so grossed-out by Pinto, he gets him drunk and steals the letter of introduction to claim the girl for himself and spare her the perils of Pinto. 
Well the girl is madly in love with Gomez and he confronts the pretend Pinto. But the two hit it off and since the girl’s father has never met Gomez or Pinto or Gaston, Gaston gives the letter of introduction to Gomez, who pretends he is Pinto. 
As the formal introduction takes place, the real Pinto arrives. 
Anyone who has ever enjoyed Weber’s brilliant “ Der Freisehutz” will find the Pintos an equal delight. 
Mahler fans be warned, however, even though Mahler did extensive work to bring this piece into existence, it is not Mahler in style or form. It is pure Weber. 
That is not bud at all, of course, but if you expect another “ Symphony of a Thousand,” you will be disappointed. This is much lighter material, by a couple of eons. 
RGA has put together a comfortable aggre­ gation of the Munich Philharmonic (Gary 
Gertini conducting) with the Netherlands vocal ensemble and soloists — none of them dazzling superstars, but all seemingly adequate. 
The recording is a bit murky during some orchestral interludes, but the presence, stereo and clarity come through with the soloists and chorus. 
Not an earthshaking offering, but one of intruiging musical origin and satisfying musi­ cal results. 

The Best of San Antonio 
SUNDAY magazine 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

B O X 2171. S A N ANTONIO. 782y7 
225-7411 EXT. 322 
■LON THE C O V E R S 
Hilltop Herb Farm, near Cleveland, Tex., and in the general area of Texas' Big Thicket, offers visitors an opportunity to wander through a forest of vegetation — and then sit down to a feast of the same. Ifs a fair piece from River City, but is well worth it. 

TDV TTI 
I Rf Ii# 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO DO A BUY IN SAN ANTONIO AND OUR 
Armadillos to 
Boll Weevils 

Think there s nothing to do in 
Texas? The people at the State 
Department of Highways and 
Public Transportation can prove you wrong. 
The department's travel di­ vision has compiled a calendar of 932 events in Texas for the next six months, and there ought to be something to please just about any one. 
In addition to 1o2 rodeos, the calendar lists Victoria's Armadil­ lo Confab along with their Miss 
Vacant Lot beauty contest, Alley 
O op Day in Iraan, the World 
Championship Slingshot Tourney at Carrizo Springs, and Olney's 
One-Arm Dove Hunt. 
The calendar will tell you about Junction's Kow Kick, Taft's 
Boil W eevil Festival and G alves­ 

 ton's 
Sand Castle 
Sculpture 
Contest. 
It’ll tell you where you can go to eqt chili, gumbo, hushpuppies, or barbecued buffalo. 
And for the less esoteric, there’s more than a dozen major ballets, opera festivals, some 35 symphony concerts, a month- and-a-half Shakespeare festival, and scores of other artistic per­ formances. 
The list of what, when and where is free. 

Calendar of Texas Events, 
A pril-Sept, I 9 7 7 /State 
Department aff Highways and Public Transportation, 
Travel & Information Di­ vision, 
Austin 
787o1 / Free. 
Tracking the 
Pare Veggie 

When was the last time you saw spaghetti squash for sale in your local supermarket? 
How about banana peppers, burpless (sic) cucumbers, mild 
Savoy cabbage, low acid to­ matoes or crisp Kohlarabi? W e won t even ask about salsify, rooted parsley or kale. 
It’s next to impossible to find most of these vegetables in gro­ cery stores, but you don’t have to give up all hope if you have the help of ‘‘Vegetables Money 
Can’t Buy, But You Can Grow ,' a new book by Nancy Wilkes 
Bubel. 
In the first part of the book 
Bubel identifies the tastiest and 

 most hardy varieties of each of these semi-exotic vegetables, discussing their flavor, how to cultivate them and how best to prepare them for the table. 
In the second part she offers a wealth of information on or­ dering seeds, improving soil, dealing with bugs and rowing vegetables in less time and space. 

“ Vegetables Money Can't 
Buy, 
But 
You 
Can 
Grow "/By Nancy Wilkes 
B u b e l/David It. Godine 
P u blisher/$ I 2 .5 o hard­ cover, $4.95 softcover. 
Oldsters ID 

Operation SA M I (Senior Adult 
Medical Information) is a pro­ gram sponsored by the Jewish 
Community Center to provide medical identification for senior citizens. 
The center is issuing cards listing the owner's name, ad ­ dress, phone, person to notify, doctor, EM S number, Social 
Security number, Medicare or 
Medicaid number and direction to call the Jewish Community 
Center for family information. 
On the reverse of the card are listed medical problems such as heart, diabetes, asthma, high blood pressure, medicines taken, 

 dangerous allergies, blood type and other information. 
The project is the outcome of a study of the needs of senior citizens in emergency situations based on reports by EM S offi­ cials. 
There is a 5o-cent fee to cover basic printing costs. And It could be a card that will save your life. 

Operation SAMI medical 
ID for senior citizens 
/ Jewish 
Community 
C e n te r/ 1o3 
W. 
Ram ­ part/Call 3 4 4 -3 4 5 3 for interview appointment /SO cents. 

EXPRES5-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGE 3 

ADULTS $ I OO 

 tOCIRDS QOX3RD 

DAVID D. MOLINA 

2623 Lombrano 
HOLY CROSS HIGH SCHOOL 
Scholastic recognition just seems to come David Molina’s way. 
David has been named top scholar in his class at Holy Cross as a freshman and junior, and earned highest honors as well as honor monograms his first three years of high school. In addition he has earned awards in Algebra I and II, Theology I, Spanish I and ll, English I and 
III, Geometry, Chemistry and American History. 
While senior awards will not be announced until next month, David is expected to be honored for his senior scholastic performance as well. 
David, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ernesto Molina Sr., manages to serve as senior class president, one of a host of extra curricular activities, while keeping his gardes in top form. 
He has served as sports editor for the school newspaper, the Talisman, and played the role of George Antrobus in a Drama Club production, 
“The Skin of Our Teeth” by Thornton Wilder. 
A two-year member of the Speech Club, David served as its vice presi­ dent last year. He was a member of the National Junior Honor Society two years, including a term as president, and graduated to the National 
Honor Society as a junior and senior. He currently serves on the school’s administrative board. 
David is active in Christ the King Church, serving on** the youth retreat staff two years, in the church lector society, as a C.C.D. teacher one year and in the youth club a year. 
David enjoys numismatics, botany and “doing what I can to help others.” He has received a scholarship to the University of Notre Dame where he plans to study to be a teacher. 
He will soon be honored by the Optimist 
Club of San Antonio. 

CONGRATULATIONS. 
I E l u w f l l j 

PAGE 4 * EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — Apr. 24, 197Z 

LIVE...ON STAGE! 

MEREDITH WILLSON S JOYOUS MUSICAL... 

WITH SUCH HITS AS 76 TROMBONES 

AND GOODNIGHT MY SOMEONE” 

ORCH. A P 
ORCH. O X 
ORCH. Y-DD 
MEZ. A E 
MEZ. F-K 

SISO 
$8.5o 
$7.5o 
$8.oo 
$6.5o 

TUESDAY, APRI! 26 

8:3o PM 

TICKETS ON SALE AT JO SKE S 
DOWNTOWN AND NORTHSTAR 
LOWER BAL. A G $4.5o 
MALL. BOX OFFICE OPEN ALL 
UPPER BAL. H K $3.oo 
DAY OF PERFORMANCE. 
*ffieatre foillje cPerfomiingc3^ *t§ 

The adhesive comme­ morating the 5oth anni­ versary of talking pic­ tures will be issued in 
October and the Galves­ ton Courthouse pictorial postal card will be issued in July. The block of four stamps featuring Pueblo 
Indian pottery will be is­ sued in April. 
The single commemor­ ative marking the cen­ tennial of Colorado state­ hood will be issued in 
May instead of March. 

PRESENTS 
THIS 
JW it/ 
PLANETARIUM PROJECTOR 

MOST ADVANCED MACHINE OF ITS KIND 

5:oo P M. 

IN TR O D UCIN G 

THE SERIES It 

6 3o P.M . 

W H A T 'S UP IN 

THE APRIL SKIES? 

A Trilogy of Destruction 

New castle issue 

European castles have always fascinated tour­ ists — and also stam p collectors, particularly those who specialize in this specific topic. 
The Federal Republic of Germany and West 
Berlin, emphasizing this subject, have issued a new definitive set of 

 forthcoming soon. 
The 6o-pfenning de­ picts Marksburg Castle and the 2oo-pf shows the 
Burresheim 
Castle. 
Futures in the set are: 
I-pf Glucksburg Castle, 
3o-pf Ludwigstein Castle. 
4o-pf Ritz Castle, 5o-pf 
Newsch wa nst ei n Cast Ie, 
7o-pf Mespelbrunn Cas­ tle, and 19o-pf Pfauenin- sel Castle. 
A 2fl-pf value picturing 
Pfaueninsel Castle is additionally planned for 
Berlin only. 
West Germany has also i ssued a new 
14o-pf rstam p_lo honor “ The 
Council of Europe,” the oldest and most compre­ hensive institution of de­ mocratic Europe. 
Since the Council is moving to a new site — the Palais de I'Europe in 
Strasbourg — the design features an abstract view of the Palais. 
These stam ps are available al your local stamp dealer. 
U.S. collectors will be interested in changes of dates previously an­ nounced by the U.S. Pos­ tal Service. 

CHILDREN UNDER 6yn OLD NOT ADMITTED TO 
PUBLIC SHOWS THE PLANETARIUM IS OPEN . HOUR 
BEHME SHOWTIME NO ADMITTANCE AFTER SHOW 
BEGINS' THE PLANETARIUM SEATS IOO PERSONS 
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED NO RESERVATIONS FREE 
PARKING I BLOCK E OF SAN PEORO AVE ON 
MYRTIE ST 

 stam ps entitled “ C as­ tles,” featuring illustra­ tions of famous historic castles in that country, according to the World 
Wide Philatelic Agency. 
The first two designs in the new series from both 
West Germany and West 
Berlin have just been re­ leased. Six others will be 

South Padre is a 

 imagine tho world's most famous beach re­ sorts without the crowds 
— but with mile after mile of perfect beaches and mild surf, the grea­ test gamefishing in the 
Southwest, and enough romantic lore to capti­ vate the most ardent history buff. 
That s 
South 
Padre 
Island, .just 2o miles from Brownsville off the 

South Texas Cosast, and containing the only na­ tional seashore in the country with a vear-ar- ound subtropical c li­ mate. 
Although 
South 
Pad re’s history dates back to 1519 and its dis­ covery by the Spanish, it includes a long series of occupations by Indians, pirates, fishermen and ranchers. 

However South Padre’s natural splendor has re­ mained largely undeve­ loped until recently. 
As a result, the many attractions of this island paradise for vacationers or winter visitors have gone relatively unno­ ticed. 
But no longer. 
The wealth and variety of accommodations on 
South Padre are truly 

 unsurpassed. 
W inter visitors can choose every­ thing from condomin­ iums and luxury hotels to campers and cottages. 
And yet South Padre remains relatively undeveloped compared to other subtropical ar­ eas. Every effort has been made to maintain the windswept w ilder­ ness feeling along the coastline. 

In fact, 85 miles of 
Padre Island have been set aside as a national park, and developers are working with govern­ ment agencies to protect the vast beachfront. 
Activities available to vacationers on South 
Padre are nearly endless. Visitors can be­ gin with Padre’s fabu- 

Weir American Airlines. Dc mig what we dc > hest. 

I pi o 
,P%. r* 
P- ff. o 

6 days/ 
5 nights 

14 days/ 
I .blights 

 plus air fare 
Now that there are more pesos to the dollar, there’s never been a better time to visit Mexico. And no airline can show you a better time than American. 
In fact, we give you a taste of 
Mexico before you even arrive. 
With new, exotic Mexican meals we’ll be serv ing on all our flights to Mexico City and Acapulco. 
Once you’re there, w herever you go, in stores, restaurants, on sightseeing trips, you'll find your dollar goes a lot further. 
Sightsee in Mexico City. Sun­ bathe in Acapulco. Visit the Vuca- tan’s ancient ruins. Our tour folder offers you a choice of over 2o exciting vacations, at excitingly low' prices, (lours include hotel accommodations, sightseeing, and many extras.) 
So, vamoose to Mexico on 
American. For more details. us or your Travel Agent. 

* Price is per person based on double occupancy, and J depends on w here you go, length of stay, and hotel. Does not include air fare, meals, gratuities or departure tax. Effective May I through December 14, 1977. 

EU R O PE 

CH A RTERS 

 r n 
LOW COST 
SUMMER CHARTERS 

VO**o* 

 ce 

 u s pAp 
VEGAS 

A rland 

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW! 
FOR INFORMATION ON AU CHARTERS 
CALL (512 ) 8 2 8 -8 1 o 1 
World Travel 

C c n t e f 
S3o8 BROADWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

The best vacation values across t he board are just acrose the border. 

EXE 

 fish, swim, or surf ond enjoy every day on the sunny Gulf Coost when you cloy Executive Keys, fort Aransas' luxury condonimium When you re not en toying the Gulf of Mexico, relax beside the large fresh woter pool, or within on Executive Keys spacious apartment. There ore comfortable efficiency apartments, large two ond three bedroom apartments, and two story townhouses, eocn with complete furnishings ond oil electric kitchens. Ex­ ecutive Keys — right on the beoch. just two miles from downtwoo Port 
Aransas, and ocross from a 3,5oo foot, hard-surfaced ond lighted airstrip — ifs a new lifestyle1 
BOX 1o87 
(512) 749-6272 
PORT ARANSAS 78373 

 i a e . 
Apartments 
Condominium 

Surfside Condominium Apartments — o garden condominium planned for carefree living ond vacationing of Padre Island sun-seekers There ore 44 units in this garden complex, by the alure woter of the Gulf of Mexico This protected recreation oreo offers apartments for rent by the month, week, or doy at o surprisingly reasonable cost Each apartment provides generous living, and kitchen-dining orcas with o lovely view of the garden courtyard and pool All these two bedroom units provide full-electric service. Surfside visitors ore just a stroll from the beach, tne oceonfront hotels, night clubs and restooronts, ond only minutes from the Padre Isles Country Club with its golf ond tennis facilities 

WINDWARD DR. 6-P(5l2)933-8l28 CORPUS CHRISTI 78418 

SAFARIWORLD TRAVEL PRESENTS 

HAWAII • 1977 
7 D ay s,6 N igh ts From 4 6 4 .o o 
8 Days, 7 N igh ts From 4 8 1 .o o 
A irfa re H o te ls a n d S ig h tse e in g In clu ded 
HAWAII— AIRFARE ONLY $ 3 2 7 . o o 

ACAPULCO- 
4 Days, 3 N ig h ts— 
$ I 7 9 oo 
M ajo r H olid ay W e e k e n d s 
In clu d es A irfa re H o te l a n d T ran sfe rs 

-CARIBBEAN CRUISE- 
For O ne W e e k Visiting San Juan 
St. M a a rte n and St. Thom as 

$S O O ° ° includes A irfa re from 
San 
Antonio, 
Transfers, 
Sta te ­ room , All M e a ls and O ther Cruises 
Am enities. 

Call or W rite for M o re Inform ation 
Safariworld Travel 

MOI) N E. I.ocip HO. 
San Antonio, Texas 782o9 
(512) 828-5629 

IXPRESS-NEW S SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGE 5 

Texas hopping with M a y events 

',5 *.«*♦, tewed by -He *»•<» 
De-eto**"*-* Age—c, o-e tx’ 3*t* c* *■* —c - , e*c*«(ex» •e-ffto’ -o'c oooc’ 
' .’'" t i o**ef«J by co— oc-om ••** 
J'o’e 
* ’ x / f ay'pw-e si T**oi 

 t * * " ! ” -*j oe tbtom eo - k* o* c’x.-ge b y 
*■— -g ^ D A go. 12Co 6 Dec- C, 
787! I 

April 3o-XI ay J — The 
22nd annual Texas State 
< h am p ion sh ip 
B a ss 
Tournam ent, Sam R ay­ burn Reservoir. Tourna­ 

 ment headquarters will i>e .Jackson Hill Marina. 
For information contact 
Karl Golding. Waco Tri- bune-Herald. Box 11(H). 

Waco. 767o3. 
May 6-8 Sp rin t F e sti­ val Flea Market and Arts and C ra fts Show and 
Sale. W est P ark Shop­ 

 ping C en ter, D enison. 
Sponsored by the Old 
Settlers Village of Gray­ son County, hours are 
12-9 p .m . 
F r id a y , 
IO 

VACATION WITH A PRINCESS 
IN MEXICO. 

Mayan Pvramid at Chichen lc3 . 
The Acapulco Prince" Hotel 
LET BRANIFF SHOW YOU HOW 

Vacation with Branitif in Mexico and you can choose from an exciting range of Vacations with Flying Colors, including one at a choice of three sumptuous Princess Hotels. Braniff brings Mexico closer than ever with low prices and convenient flights to Mexico City and 
Acapulco. 
This vear, with the favorable peso-dollar relationship, you’ll find prices lower through­ out M exico--restaurants, nightclubs, jewelry, fashions. Braniff s vacations also cost less than a year ago. And with $l-a-Day Travel Credit you can have that Mexican vacation and take advantage of these price breaks now, with no waiting. 

M EXICO VACATIONS W ITH 51-A-DAY 
FLYING COLO RS TRAVEL CREDIT. 
Any air travel or vacation package that includes at least one Braniff flight qualifies for 
Flying Colors Travel Credit. You can finance up to $829 over 36 months and pay no more than Sl-a-Day or $3o a month. Your deferred payment price would he $1,o8o (36 monthly payments of $3o) including the finance charge computed at an annual percentage rate of 18% where authorized by state law. There’s no re­ quired down payment and first payment is not due for 3o to 45 days. Lesser amounts of travel money can he repaid sooner at $l-a-Day or at less than $l-a-Day. Larger amounts are avail­ able at higher repayment rates. 
This new travel credit service is provided at Braniff’s request exclusively through au­ thorized travel agents in all states (except 
Alaska, Arkansas, Maine, Vermont) by As­ sociates Financial Services. Authorized travel agents can approve immediately many credit applications up to $75o. 
Braniff would like to fly you now to Mexico. 

FOR RESERVATIONS 
C A L L YO U R TR A V EL A G EN T OR 
B R A N IFF AT 2 2 4 -4 9 4 1 
. . . 2 4 H O U R S A D A Y 

MEXICO CITY 

ADDRESS. 

C IT Y ______ 
STATE. 
ZIP 

NAME OF MV TRAVEL AGENCY. 

‘“I 

LEAVE 
ARRIVE 
SERVICE 

8:3o am . 
9: IO a.m. 
N onstop 
7:oo p.m. 
7:4o p.m. 
Non-stop 

ACAPULCO 

LEAVE 
ARRIVE 
SERVICE 
8:3o a.m. 
1o:15 a.m. 
One-stop 

Braniff International v v rt 
Flvmg C olors, Room 9o8 
P O . Box 35oo1 
Dallas, "Texas 75235 

Please send me more information on your M exico 
Vacations vs ith Flying O d ors. 

□ D o Your O w n T hin g In M exico, 4 days— 3 nights in A capulco including yacht cruise, evening at di'Cotheque. (S 'I A r -1 
(ITZEN I r AT4' q) J 
O JL plus air fare 

□ Prin cess Flying C olo rs V acations, Colorful 
A cap u lco. 6 days — 5 nights including deluxe accom ­ m odations at either of the elegant Princess Hotels with free round of golf or tennis, evening with enter­ tainm ent and airport transfers, ch 7 7 o 
Hu' 
<rf«Nlt.VHON) 
/ j - y o airfare 

□ D ream Tour of M exico, 15 days— 14 nights, M exico 
City-Puebla-Penafiel Spa-Taxco-A capulco. Guided city sightseeing and m otor coach tour between cities. 
In A capu lco, yacht cruise, cliff divers and night club evening. A irport transfers included. Saturday 

(ITTBNIMTMl $ 
2 
7 
9 
- 3 
1 
9 
. .......... 

□ M exico Travel P lan n er — Bran iii s sampler of other tours to plan your own vacation. 

□ Jim W ood m an s 62 page guide Knik on M exico. 
Please send $1 for this item. 

Prices per p er- n. d<uible < cciip.incx — ingle accom m id.itions higher — range depending on hotel chosen. Effective April 19 thru December 14 A irfares. meals, airport transfers and departure taxes add 1 ti*mal unless stated > irherwise. Prices subjee t to change. 

N A M E _____________________________________________________ 

 a.rn.-9 p.m. Sunday. 
May 7-8 Polka Festival, 
Ennis. Parade Saturday morning, Czech food. 2o 
Polka bands appearing in four big dance halls. 
May 13-14 Round and 
Square Dance Festival, 
I F o rt S to ck to n . C ircle 
E igh t Sq u are D ancers hold their regular Friday 
I night dance at 8 p.m. in the Fort Stockton Exhibit j Hall. S3. On Saturday the 
C ircle Eight and West 
T exas C am pers cospon­ sor round and squ are dance workshops 1-5 p.m. 
Dance 7 p.m. Advanced 

J reservations S6 per cou- 
! pie. $7 at the door. Beans 
I and cornbread included. 
For brochures and ad­ vance registration write the Truett Easons, 1o2T j South Pecos, Fort Stock­ ton, 79735 or ca ll 915 
336-2933. 
May 14-15 Kaleidoscope 
Creative Arts F estiv al, 
Beaumont Art Museum. 
A rts. c r a fts , m u sic, dance, dram a, childrens' 

 show and ethnic foods. 
Hours 11-11 S atu rd ay , noon-7 p.m . Sunday. Ad­ mission SI adults. S5o, child ren. Over 12o p er­ form ers provide con tin­ uous entertainm ent dur­ ing th is m u lti-faC eted event w hich last y ear drew 16,ooo visitors. For details w rite the B eau ­ mont Art Museum. H H T 
N inth S t ., B ea u m o n t, 
777o2. 
May 21-22 Fiesta Fili- pina. Institute of Texan 
C ultures. San Antonio. 
From 3-5 p m. This party, which honors F ilip in o 
Texans, will feature tra­ ditional m u sic, dances and Filipino foods. 
May 28-3o Texas State 
A rts 
& 
C ra fts 
F 'a ir. 
K e rr v ille . 
H ours 
IO a m.-8 p.m. Saturday and 
Sunday, IO a.rn.-6 p.m. 
M onday. A dm ission S2 adults. S.5o children. For b ro ch u re w rite T e x a s 
\rts & C rafts Fou n d a­ tion. Box 1527T. Kerrville 
78o28. 

TRAVEL ADVISORS, INC. 

See the Treasures of Egypt 
KING TUTANKHAMUN EXHIBIT 
NEW ORLEANS 
Tour departures Sept. and Nov. 
C A L L 225-58o1 
JOSHES us A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

 e p e e s 
International Royal Services, Inc. 

Presents 

Europe C h arte r P ro g ra m 
I 5 D ays 

June 22 Returning July 6, 1977 

Airfare O nly 
$492 rn ^ 
M i 
Complete from Houston 

Houston— Amsterdam— London— Houston 
Via 
M D M XISI A IM T 
'Vo.-’ 
IL . « 
America's airline to the world. 

For Reservations and further inform ation contact: 
HERFF TRAVEL 
7o6 Milam Bldg., Son Antonio, Tx. (512) 226-4331 

TO MEXICO WITH FLYING COLORS 

PAGE 6 fXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—-Apr. 24, 1977 

The $29.5o 
"Lakeway Escape" 

Special low rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• Accommodations overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating— water skiing, sailing and fishing boats 
Children under 16 half price if occupying same room with parents. 

Minimum two-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

For reservations call 261-66oo 

Lakewacy~Irvi\& R esort 

IQI Lakew ay D riv e * A ustin, Texas 7 8 7 3 4 

A 

MSouth Padre 

 i i i i mn 

 lous year-around fishing, which is nearly as fa­ bled as its buried trea­ sure. 

The Laguna Madre, which separates Padre 
Island from the m ain­ land, has the heaviest fish population of any bay along the Gulf or 
Atlantic coasts. 
The extreme salt con­ tent of the bay, two or three times that of nor­ mal sea water, is be­ lieved to be responsible for the excellent catches. 
Of course, the clear 
Gulf w aters are also ideal for sw im m ing, snorkeling, surfing, scu­ ba diving or sailing. 

Beachcombing is an ­ other favorite 
South 
Padre pastime. Children love to roam the broad sandy beaches in search of unusual shells, of which there is a limitless supply. 
Those who seek more exotic souvenirs can look up John McMahan, a transplanted New Yorker whose beachside busi­ ness is selling handmade boomerangs, or talk tur­ tle and drink “ turtle cider" with the "turtle lady,” Ila Loetscher, who 

 jha$ im ^de a home fo r, 
■giant sea tiirtle4>*on the island. 
For a short outing, there's the charm and splendor of Mexico just a 
25-minute drive from the island. 
Back on the Texas side of the border, the favor­ ite family attractions in­ clude the 
45.ooo-acre 
Laguna Atascosa Nation­ al Wildlife Refuge, the world famous Conferder- ate Air F o rc e/F lv in g 
Museum in Harlingen, 
Sixshooter 
Junction 
Frontier 
Village, 
At­ chison C itrus C enter. 
Port Isabel Lighthouse 
State Historic Park and 

 the Gladys Porter Zoo for 
Rare and 
Endangered 
Species in Brownsville, w here you can see one of the most valuable animal collections ever assem ­ bled: 

In the evenings, there’s dining and danc­ ing in South P a d re ’s many fine resort hotels and clubs. 

South Padre has all this and more for the seasonal visitor or wee­ kend visitor. And for summer sports, ifs tops for subtropic sun and fun. Contact your San 
Antonio area travel agent for information. 

R O C K Y — 
Sylvester 

Stallone has the role o f an o y e r-a g e bo xer in the 

 m o tio n p ic tu re a t th e 

Laurel. 

NAME 

Free 164 Page Book! 
44 different tours to all of Europe, m d. Scandinavia, Russia, Balkans, etc. 
Plus Morocco. 2 to 4 weeks, escorted, all expense incl. air, $1o28 to $2489, d'bfe occupancy. Frequent departures. 
For your free copy write or phone: 

 rO 

RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL. INC. 
NO*TM STAR MAU 149 2761 
TitNTTY UNtVEBSilY Tib-71' I 

WWOSO* PARK MAU 654-63 IO 

HAWAII 

JULY 14-21, 1977 

* 6 NIGHTS AT SHERATON WAIKIKI 
* ROUND TRIP FARE FROM SAN ANTONIO 
A PEARL HARBOR CRUISE 
A FLOWER LEI GREETINGS 
A FULLY ESCORTED FROM SAN ANTONIO 

*499 
OO 

PLEASE SENO ME ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
ON JULY 14-21 HAW AII TOUR 

NAME ................................................................................ 

J 
ADDRESS .................................................. j 
PHONE 
........................................................................ 

I 
CITY 
................................... STATE ..... 
ZIP 
L ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 

ADDRESS. 
RENNERT WORLD TRAVEL | 
1o46 NORTH STAR MALL 
I 

I '■HONE.................................... 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78216 J 
(512) 349-2781 
C IT Y ............................ 
STATE 
ZIP . 

:'£V 
‘ .-X .'’ ' v' '-VV"'. 
•; 
Special Savings on a Week in the Sun! 

' 
- I i J S j h L a 

. .i J 
* l i g h t 

>■'* • arr-*-' w . s 
■ 

 including 
ROUNDTRJP AIRFARE, DELUXE HOTEL, 
TRANSFERS, 
BAGGAGE HANDLING, 
TIPS & TAXES. 
Safariworld Travel 
J 
VOO A E . I A mp HO, 
•Son Antonio, Texas 782oo 

FOR INFORMATION CALL (512) 828-5629 

► 

► 

► 

Hi'rfo'A’A ’A ‘db’A *iilli>*Ai‘ A ’dhi’A*dh’4h‘A ’db ’A ‘A 'A ’ 
MEXICO 77... ACAPULCO HOLIDAY 
Mexican Hospitality Tours 

From 
Total price from 
San Antonio 

 i 

Spend Memorial Oay Holiday in sunny Acapulco 

Features Include 
• 3 nights hotel accomodations - wide selection of hotels 
• Round trio air transportation via 8ramff International 
• Famous Flying Aztec Indian Show 
• Group travel rates with individual attention 

Other Acapulco Holiday packages available 

PLEASE SEND ME MORE INFORMATION. 
(EN) g N am e----------------------------------------------- --------- 
Address------------------------------------------------------- 
City 
---------------------------------- 
II 
State 
Zip 

III 
I 

See your travel agent for all Trade Wind Tours to Hawaii, Mexico and the Orient 
TRADE UUND TOURS TO MEXICO 

 w i’A ilii’A A A ifti *1t‘i# 'ffc-'1bi dl- dh'A ’Jfc’A ’Jh’dh’A ’dh’A ’A ’dh’dh 

Aplace with som ething for everyone. 

9 Monterrey 

Brownsville 

* C K » 

 foeth#; 
'^Rjdre 
I/land S 

Enjoy the sun. surf and sand of the beaches Texas 
M onthly calls "tne Des! by far in the State ” Fine clubs, great restaurants and a variety of accom m odations. . . 
* only minutes from Mexico. 
^ % I £ ^ ii* 

"V 
Padre i/land 

For free brochure, write Tourist Bureau, Dept. TN 15 
P O Box 2o95. South Padre Island. TX 78578 

S* kind of summer. 

. 
. 
* * s>' aas*,,* 

I/I 
S a ro 
SJ 

Away from it all 

When it comes to choices Corpus Christi offers the most on the coast — for less than the rest. 
There's the world's longest white sand beach. 
Padre Island National Seashore. Unspoiled for always. Solitude. Serenity, Then, there's action a-plenty on Mustang 
Island next-door. And downtown. 
/ 
V 
Every sport under the sun.. .and j \</<® o, - after the sun sets. That's f 
S 
Corpus Christi. 
/ 
^ 
/ 

« / ‘ V 
/ cT* ✓ 
J 

BAHAMAS 
$3o5 
*56 + *249 = 

8 Days, 7 Nights, Air fare,Hotel, 

Golf, Tennis and More 

ACAPULCO 

*56 + *199 = $255* 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

JAMAICA 
*56 + *389 = $345* 

8 Days, 7 Nights 

Air Fare and Hotel 

*Toful price per person, double occupancy — Includes 

 special discount airline fare to Houston, where you'll connect with a money-saving O K Charter Tour via Air 

Jamaica, 
Texas international or 
Braniff 
Airlines. 
Reservations up to 2o days before dep. 
Ask your Travel A gent about Adventure Tours to Bahamas, Acapulco, Jamaica: 
> 
FOR INFORMATION, CALL 

SAFARIWORLD TRAVEL 
9oo N.E. LOOP 41.o 828-5629 
Petroleum Center 

A dventure 
'I Tours 
3 LLS A ,. 
< 

 fjXPRFSS N fW t SUNDAY MAGA71NF— Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGf 7 

Shooting 
Fiesta and Jo nes’ first with E-6 

Ever notice how most great photo­ graphers are children? 
Their emotional development seem s stunted. They play games and often give way to strange flights of pure fancy. 
Most of tho top photographers are you ne in an old Held. 
Maybe the Stieelitz and Westons of an earlier day lune taken all the 'straight” photographs that were there for the taking: Today creativity is the all important concept. 
A (ioya nude will not make it in today's market. 
Pictures have to come from somewhere else. ll this takes delving into your belly button or consulting the great beyond, a new idea is worth the effort. Logical thinking seldom produces creative thoughts. Fantasy does. 
Like a child. 
Facing each experience with naive openness — 
»s though this is the first time this situation has happened — produces new and meaningful pic­ tures. 
A sure sign that nothing good will come of a picture taking situation is the vagrant thought that this is but another of the same old thing. 

TAKE FIESTA. GO AHEAD. I HAVE. 
By blundering headlong into the overchoreo­ graphed events without an idea or preconceived plan of attack, something good can happen. 
My second year of Fiesta was great! The first year I was totally lost . . . didn t know where to park . . . couldn’t even find the riv er without a map 
I was concerned more with getting from one place to the next than with good pictures. 
The second tim e around I knew where I was going but was not overly familiar with Fiesta. My pictures were great. The week's worth of pictures could have made a decent picture story entitled “A 
Refugee from Aquafestival meets Fiesta.” 
After that. year after year, each picture was shot with full knowledge of “ How I Did ll Last Year.” 

DISCONNECT CREATIVE GLANDS - PLUG IN 
COMPUTER. 
This year I tried some of the advice usually- heaped freely on am ateurs that are doing well enough, thank you. I shot Fiesta totally uncon- cious. Each time that cancerous thought — last year — started drifting across my mind I quickly assured myself that the whole thing was ntakebe- lieve. 
It helped. I think. 
At least the pictures were different. More than once the city editor asked why I didn t shoot a particular thing that happens every year and I had to answer, Usefully, ‘‘I didn't see it.” 
As a child did you ever play “w ar9” Not with store bought machine guns and hand grenades but with blocks of wood, rocks and sticks; How about 
"fam ily” with paper dolls? 

PURE FANTASY MAKE BELIEVE. 
Greatest thing going for creativity. 
A photographer must hold on to the open wonder and creative imagination of a child. To a child, and 

Photo Tips 

With, 

 a photographer, a boot is not just something that one wears on the foot but a home for a cat. a vase for flowers, a smokestack of a factory and a sure sign that on the other side of the door waits at least one barefoot musketeer with sword in hand. 
In the current Modern Photography, the picture story called "The Street” appears to be a waste of time until you approach it with the creative eye of a child. Expend to see a lot more of this backdoor form of communication. 

WHICH BRINGS US TO BITS AND PIECES. 
Ed Scully made the same mistake about Kodak's new E-6 that a lot of us have. Kodak says it’s just not that hard. 
This past week I ran a roll of the new stuff. 
No. It s still not available (at least at this writ- ting). My 2o-exposure roll came compliments of the great yellow father. 
I (intentionally) did almost everything wrong. 
Starting: I mixed only one-half-pint from a gallon 
F-6 kit. The first developer starting tem perature was 1o5 degrees and ending (by sitting in front of an air conditioner) at o4 degrees. Kodak calls for 
HiO.4 degrees plus or minus one-half degree. 
Kodak gives rather precise agitation instruc­ tions. I didn’t bother. Initial agitation and once more about half-way through. 
Then J washed the film. 

OOPS! THAT’S NOT ON THE PROGRAM. 
Continuous agitation in the reversal bath which t ails for no agitation. Two or three minutes over in the color developer while I went the the kitchen for coffee. 
The rest was about as sloppy. I made just about every processing error that the most inept home darkroom novice could manage. 
The results? Definitely usable. 
Maybe half a stop too dark and a very slight shift to yellow but I ’ve had slides com e back from commercial labs more botched than my intentional test disaster. 
Ed, you may have errored in your February column but not like I have. I think you’ll find 
Eastman is nitpicking again. 
My blunders should not give anyone ideas that 
E-6 can be counted on to produce top notch results from sloppy work. If you want the best results, follow the instructions to the letter. But don’t let the procedure scare you. The new film and pro­ cessing is at least as easy to use as E-4 and a whole lot faster. 

'.:t. I rn k. n I 

F i A TI.ST A1SD MA A E B E M E ! E produce a child, a drainage pipe ha* m ore u*«** than pictures that last. hor! Culvert is a w inner in just m oving w aler. A youn g, im m ature mind an AP feature p hoto con test. In the mind oi j. a valuable photographic tool. 

PAGE 8 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E— Apr. 24, 1977 

Gunslingers for em eralds 

BOGOTA. Colombia — 
It’s the rainy season now in Bogota. 
We’re 8.9(1o feet above the steam y jungles where 9o per cent of the world's em eralds come irom : M ined. Stolen. 
Robbed from the pockets of a murdered man. 
T h ey 're not choosy about these stones of green fire that can fetch as high as $3o,ooo a car­ at. Here you can buy an emerald for half of what it would cost you in the 
States. 
Em eralds conceal ea­ sily. Sm uggle easily. 
There's always a market that asks no questions. 
So Colombia has an end­ less bunch of g u n s­ lingers. 
In 1973 — “ the Green 
W ar” 
— au th o rities guess 25o gangsters were killed. 
The underworld traffic is in the colonial heart of 
Bogota. Along Calle 14 between Carreras 6 and 
9. The street sellers with an emerald in a crum ­ pled piece of wax paper: 
"Senor. . .” 
"You don't buy on the stree ts in these coun­ tries,” says 
Willis T. 
Bronkie. 
"How .stupid can peo­ ple be! Tourists are al­ ways bringing me pieces of green glass for ap­ praisal. ' 
B ronkie is called 
"S en o r 
E sm e ra ld a ” . 
They say he knows more about em eralds than any man in the world. 
Bogota <3.5 m illion pop.) is grow ing in skyscrapers toward the north. Away from the sm all street m erchant colonial town. 
There Bronkie sits be­ hind a big desk on the 
Isl floor of the Bavaria 
(B eer) 
B uilding. 
Jewelers’ scales are his ornaments. 
Photos of jungle dig- ings decorate the walls. 
A sign on the desk says: “AH Baba was a lortunate man indeed. 
He had only 4o thieves to deal with.” 
He played football at 
Yale. Got a mining en­ gineering degree. He’s 
64. White-haired. “ I ve been shot once. K id­ napped once. 
“ The m ines are guarded by Colombian soldiers, but they can’t live on the pay. So they steal. 
There were two po­ licem en in here this m orning. In uniform , with som e'stones.” 
He didn t ask the cops w here the em erald s ame from. 
For $1o, you can buy a bracelet charm. A woven old basket with an un­ lit emerald on it. Only way to be sure what you're getting is from a well-known dealer. The big hotels have them. 
“ On the stree t you m ight as well buy a 
Sprite bottle and break it into pieces with a brick. 
Bogota's not a tourist town. At 89oo feet it’s an average 65 degrees. A fast walk will take your breath away. 
We got here because it’s a stopover on Bran- iff's route to Lima and the south of 
South 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

America. Spent a few days at the Bogota Hilton 
($3o). Moved to the Te- quendam a 
($2o) and more colorful. 
The per cent service charge in restaurants. 
The waiter will appre­ ciate your generosity of five per cent more. 
Food runs to Spanish colonial. 
Heavy on chicken and rice and spice. Fresh fish comes- up from the coast. 
Club Colombia is a good beer. Ron Medellin is a light rum with a nice flavor. 
This is on the track of 
Hie "m ules” — the hired 

 travelers who smuggle cocaine on its way to street pushers in the 
U.S. 
A young A m erican tourist hanging around 
Bogota for a few days is certainly suspect. 
Nobody knows how m uch the em erald sm u g g lin g b usiness runs. 

Bronkie said: "There are 3o,ooo people living in the em erald zone. It's pure, hard rain forest. 
Soldiers and police arc not going to chase into the jungle where they’re sure to be killed.” 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
I Update ... 

FREE CONCERTS 
“Music for the City”* 
April 24 
7:3o pm Sunken Gardens 
HARVEY GARBER conductio 
April 25 
11:45 ani Travis Park 
7:3o pm Sunken Gardens 

 with the Mastersingers 
ROGER MELONE conducting 

*In cooperation with the Parks & 
Recreation Dept., City of San Antonio 

April 3o*/May 2t 
GUIDO AJMONE MARSAN 
Guest Conductor 
' 8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
17:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

May 7*/9t 
MAUREEN FORRESTER 
Contralto 
FRANCOIS HUYBRECHTS 
Guest Conductor 
*8:3o pm Theater for the 
Performing Arts 
17:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 

May 14/15 
BYRON JANIS 
Piano 
JOHN MAUCHR1 
Guest Conductor 

Subscription Series 
$3 to $6.5o all 223-5591 v 
• •. '-V- '’/TV 
, [r • * .'*• • 
Symphony Box Office - 

(Pl 
I in 
B i t i n 
---- o 
L l / n 

O P E N IN G 
T U E S : 
T H E 
MUSIC 
MAN, Theater for the P e r­ 

 fo rm in g Arts. All the exci­ tement of 76 trombones in the classic Am erican mu­ sical. One night only. Tick­ ets on sale at Joske's. S3- 
$9.o5. 
W ED: 
P R I V A T E 
LIVES, Church Theater, 
USO S. Alamo, 224-4o85. A 

2 2 2 2 N 
A L A v l O a t B R O A D W A Y 

 once married couple reun­ ites at o hotel during a hon­ eymoon with new mates. 
Showtime 8:15 weekdays, 
Sun 3 p.m.; Tue-Thurs $7.95. 
Fri and Sat $8.95, Sun $4. 
Thru May 28. 
T H U R : 
C O M E B A C K 
L IT T LE SH E BA , Theater 
San Antonio, San Pe d ro 
Playhouse, San Pedro Park, 
732-81o1. A heavy dram a about alcoholism. 8:15, $2 preview night Thursday; 
$4.5o adults, $2 5o students and senior citizens; Sun 
2:3o, $3.5o adults. Thru May 
7. 
CURRENT THEATER 

APR 27-3o: 
CYRANO DE 
B E R G E R A C . 
Fort 
Sam 
Houston 
Playhouse, 91o 
Worth 
Rd., 
F o rt 
Sam 
Houston, 221-2289. Comedy about a cavalier with a 

 nose tor trouble. Wed-Sat until Apr 3o. At 8:15. $2. 
APR 
27-3o: 
BOEING, 
BOEING, Harlequin Dinner 
Theater, 2652 Harney Rd , 
F o rt 
Sam 
Houston, 
221-2186. 
Comedy about man engaged to three girls. 
Wed-Sat through May 7. A 
Buffet at 7, show at 8:15. 
$6.5o-$7. 
APR 
3o: 
KING 
OF 
THE ICE C R E A M MOUN­ 
TAIN, 
San Antonio 
Fine 
Arts Center, 3145 Nacog­ doches, 653-7241. Children s show with free ice cream. 
Each Sat through May 7. 
At 2. $2-$2.5o. 
APR 
26: 
TWO 
FOR 
THE SEESAW, The Church 
Theater, 115o S. Alamo at 
Wickes, 224-4o85. Out-of towner meets 
Bronx girl and ifs love. Open at 6:3o, buffet at 7, show at 8:15; show without buffet at 3 p.m. Sun. Tues $5.95, Wed 
& Thur $7.95, Fri & Sat 
$8.95, Sun $4 (free wine and cheese). 
G roup rates available. 
Reservations required. 
AP R 
29-MAY 
I: 
TINDER 
T R E A C H E R Y , or 
W H E R E 
T H E R E S 
SMOKE, T H E R E S MON 
EY, 
Melodrama, Theater, 
HemisFair Plaza, 224-4464. 

SALE! 
ON RETURN FROM RENTAL 
FURNITURE 

You Save Up to 8o% Because We Rented it First 

BEDS! BEDS! BEDS! 
COMPLETE TWIN SETS 
*33 

COMAUTf run JIT J $44 
Innerspring mattresses and foundations. 
DON T WAIT FOR 
YOUR SET. 

DRESSERS 

YOUR CHOICE 
FROM 
59 
BEAUTIFUL 6 DRAWER 
DRESSERS, SPANISH OR 
CONTEMPORARY STYLES. MATCHING 
MIRROR OR HEADBOARDS $13 EACH 

LAM PS 

TABLES 

BAR STOOLS 

TWIN, FULL S QUEEN 
SIZE HEADBOARDS 

BED FRAM ES 

NIGHT STANDS 

4 DRAW ER CHESTS 

* 5 

* 6 

* 9 

M O 
MO 

* 1 4 

* 3 8 

ASSORTED PARSONS 
COCKTAIL TABLES 
CHOICE OF COLORS 

39 SQUARE WOOD 
COCKTAILS 

UPHOLSTERED CHAIRS 

3 PC. WALNUT BEDROOM 

MORE SOFAS! 
YOUR CHOICE 

*14 

*18 
*19 
*77 

*97 

Velvet chairs. 
Perfect with atty decor 
Choice of color*. 

All Items in stock 
— Take it home today or fast delivery available. 

DINETTE 

3 A 5 pc 
SETS 

*33-*66-*77 

Choose from a handsome assortment of styles and colors. 

SOFAS! SOFAS! i 
SOFAS! 

FROM 

DINETTE SETS 

S P C * 9 7 

RETURN FROM RENTAL SOFAS. 
DECORATOR HERCULON IN AT­ 
TRACTIVE COLORS. 

Furniture Leasing of America, one of the largest furniture leasing companies in the country, is our sister company, and we sell their 
" R E T U R N 
F R O M 
R E N T A L " 
FURNITURE AT 
BARGAIN 
PRICES! 

MCDONALDS c ie n r a n c e c e n te r s 

MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 9-5 
4 7 4 2 DODGE ST. 656-6o55 b udget term s a v a ila b le 

V ftoi't Oscdr 
D eLdvaca trie's to freeze Soh Anton­ ians bv tripling the pr*ce of fuel and kidnaps Mayor 
Lela Crockw ell. 
Fri-Sat through Apr 17. Fri & Sat at 8 15, Sun at 6:15, Fri 
$3.5o, Sat $4, Sun $2 chil­ dren, $2.5o adults. 

II I)/ H O M S 

W ED 
& 
T H U R : for 
JANUS, Harlequin Dinner 
Theater, 
2652 
H arney 
Road, Fort Sam Houston, 
221-2186. 

SIC 

SUN: 
G U IT A R C O N ­ 
C E R T , by M ike Kaipust, 
L a rry M ich ae ls and Jim 
Lawrie. The guitarists will perform works bv Francis­ co Tarrega, Mauro Giulani and Robert devisee. 8 p.m. in St. M a ry ’s U n iv e rsity 
Continuing 
E d u cation 
Center 
Auditorium, 
Free admission. 
SUN: 
THE OLD MAID 
AND T H E 
T H I E F , The 
Bejar Opera Theater makes its first foray into the sur­ rounding country with a 3 p.m. perform ance at the 
Boerne Benefit Theater. 
Tickets are $1.5o for adults and $1 for children. 
SUN: 
G A R Y WRIGHT 
AND STAR C A S T L E plus guest perfo rm e rs, M u n ­ icipal 
Aud, 
732-11o1 or 
732-81o9. 
SUN: 
SAN AN TO N IO 
COMPOSERS, will present a free concert at 3 p.m. in 
Trinity U n iversity’s Ruth 
Taylor Recital Hall. 
MON: 
SAN ANTONIO 
SYMPHONY, at the Sunken 
Garden Theater. The 7:3o p.m. performance will fea­ ture works by Duke Elling­ ton and John Philip Sousa. 
Free. 
THUR: 
BODIN QU AR 
TE T OF U.S.S R., Incarnate 
Word College Auditorium , 
828-1261. 
8:15 p.m.. 
Cham ber 
M u sic 
Series 
Ticket or $5. 

AUDITIONS 

SAT: 
BEJAR 
O PERA 
WORKSHOP 1977 SEASON, 
All voices needed. Reper­ toire to include operas of 
Bizet, Puccini, Mozart and 
Gilbert & Sullivan. Choir 
Room, 
La u re l 
H eights 
Methodist Church, 227 W. 
Woodlawn, 2 p.m. For in­ formation call 349-5651. 

SUN 
“ I N E V E R SANG 
FOR MY FA T H E R ,” First 
Unitarian Church, 8o7 Be­ ryl, 344-4695, 6:3o p.m. 
T U E 
“S E N S E 
OF 
W O N D ER,” 
’P A T T E R N S 
OF THE WILD,” and “THE 
DAISY,” Third Floor Audi­ torium. San Antonio Main 
Library, 2o3 S. St. Mary's 
St. 12:15 & 7 p.m., tree. 
WED 
“HIGH 
NOON”, dire cted bv 
F re d 
Zin- nemann. 
Chapm an 
Graduate Center, 
Trinity 
University. 7:3o p.m., $1 members San Antonio Film 
Society, $1.5o public. 
WED & THURS 
“AND 
NOW 
FOR 
SOM ETHING 

See Arts, Page IO 

CYR A M ) HE RER. 
I,ERAT is 
Being played lay Burdette 
Parks al Furl Sam 
Houston Playhouse. 
See Hoopla ami S ta g e . 

Singles Int reductions, lite. 

| 
SINGLES INFORMATION CLEARING HOUSE 
I 

4 
Hours: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sat.: 9am-2pm. 
* 

J 
57o1 ‘B r o id w a f . 
T W t 2 4 ~ 9 i t ? 
J 

I CUP and SAVE 
NEED A BAND? 
S C H O O F, CLUBS, H A T S , SORORITIES, DEBUTS, PARTIES A W EDDINGS 

X A A A A 
3o7 a s J* m a sow o a iv i 
B K f Y I H saw ANTONIO, TSXAS 79279 
RHONE SI3/*34-2347 or 732-512* 

Presents 

; 

'■ • L 
<- 
' >. * • * . * . 
/ I 
9 
\ M 
* -V . 
( / - ■ ' : •< 
•/. 
- f " - t 
* r* 
-• 
' p lu s 
J 
. " 
’ 
% 
. 
. *• / j 
, - s p e c ia l Ljtik'M 

B LA C K F O X 

AM) I VT KOI >1 < ING 

W 
S T A R C A S T L U 

SUNDAY 
APRIL 24. 7 3oPnr 
I 

Tickets: Juske’sv Below the Belt. 
I -> Recordland, Record Holes, 
, ' 

I 
Marcias: Discovery, J 
;: 
' a; 

•' '4' 
Austin: ln'ner Sanctum 
' 

• 
* • 
"* I' 
' 
* 
'ti- V* 
C O M IN G !!! ytff 
San Antonio 
Municipal Auditorium 

ARTS & CRAFTS FESTIVAL 

May 27, 28, 29 

Artists & Craftsmen 
Join 3 Days of 
Sun, Fun & Profits 

• Decorative Enclosed Area 
• 2(X) Shaded 8' x 8' Booths 
• I ood & Beverage Areas 
• Advertising & Promotion 
• Plus Tight Security 

Reserve Your Booth Now. just $1oo.oo For 3-Day Show. 

Please Send M e A 

Contract For H ightide. 

M ay 27, 28, 29 

Nam e 

I 
Address. 
I 

C*fy\ 
Zip 

Hightide, Inc. 
P.O. Box 345 
Port Aransas, Texas 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z I N E — Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGE 9 

Arts Calendar 

COMPAN 

(LAST CONCERT IN THE ARENA) 
SATURDAY- M A Y 21 

TICKETS N O W O N SALE 

JA M & JELLY GENERAL STORE ' 
AR E N A BOXOFFICE 

. ’ v 
/ 
N O PH O N E CALLS' 
CASH pNLY 

S u i m c s i o c i o t i o f t w i t h C o n < e f t » W e s t .--L J A M 
, 

 a n d J e r r y : W e t n f r o u b , ^ 
- ^ 

C O M P L E T E L Y D I F F E R ­ 
ENT,” 
Loft in 
Student 
Center, San Antonio Col­ lege, I & 7:3o o.m. Wed, 
12:15 & 7:3o p.m. Thurs, free. 
W E O 
“ A U N T Y 
M A M E ," River City Film 
Society, 1122 N St. M a ry's 
Street, 222 8273. 
Season ticket $1o, public $1.5o. Call for times. 
THURS & FRI 
“ONE 
FLEW OVER THE CUCK 
OO’S 
NEST," 
Multi- 
P u rpose Room , 
Trinity 
University, 7 & IO pm, 75 cents w/Trinity ID, $1.25 public. 
W E D : 
E D V A R D 
MUNCH," the Friends of the M cN a y, the O lm os 
Theater. 8245368 
7:3o p.m., 
$5 deductible contribution. 

P U B L ISH Y O U R O W N B O O K 

This is an opportunity to participate in an enriching and rewarding process. The gratification and fulfillment of bringing your own thoughts to expression between the bound covers of a handsome book is a unique and last­ ing experience 

The Outland Press in San Antonio takes pride in complete, professional services for cooperative publishing. Manu­ script evaluation; editing; book design; and production— typesetting, • proofing, and make-up. Printing, binding, and shipping from New York. 

W e are interested and experienced in publishing manu­ scripts for every audience. For information, write P. O. 
Box 184o4, San Antonio, Texas 78218. Or call area 
512/8 ‘6-o639. 

T H E O U TLA N D P R E S S 

S A N A N T O N I O 

Lobster, Lobster, Lobster 

This Sunday. Monday or Tuesday you can enjoy three lobster tails, broiled to tender, delicate perfection for only $6.o5. 
Served with lemon, drawn but ter, and a fresh, hot loaf of bread Invent your own gourmet salad from our salad bar and you're set to enjoy a delicious lobster dinner. 

All your favorite places in one place. 

2831 Northwest Loop 41o, San Antonio (512) 341-7247 
15o7 Austin Highway, San Antonio (512) 828-5689 
Reservations accepted 
: Copyright .197? Steak anc! A*e 
Restaurants ct America, inc 

 rant in TXPPK$.NTW* SUNRAY MAGAZINE— Apr. /4, iv// 

Bitters, 653-7241. Classes in 
Children’s Art 4 p m Wed 8. 
IO a m . S a t ; 
O ff-Loom 
W eaving, 9:3o Tues. A lso ballet, m odern & disco dance, guitar, piano, accor­ dion & wind instrum ents. 
Call for more information 
T.E.A.C.H., c la sse s in puppetry and c h ild re n 's theater. A lso, c h ild re n 's theater and w o rk sh o p s 
April 3o, Sat, 9-noon, Insti­ tute of Texan C ultu res, 
H em isFair. For inform a­ tion, call 736-3615. 
SUN: 
I S R A E L I F E S ­ 
TI V A L , at the A g u d a s 
Achim Syn agogu e, 12o1 
Donaldson St., ll a m. to IO p.m. The festival features 
Israeli food, dancing and film s. $1.5o donation for adults, 75 cents for children. 

F utures 

SUN: 
K I N G W I L L I A M 
FAIR, King William Historic 
District, 227-oo11. Entertain­ ment, foods, arts and crafts and old hom e tours. 116 
Free except for home tour 
($3). 
SAN A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
ARTS CENTER, MacArthur 
Plaza. 3145 Nacogdoches at 

M A Y 13: 
S T Y X , A N ­ 
G E L S and 
P I P E R , 
Municipal Aud, 732-1 1o1 or 
732-81o9. 
7:3o p rn. 
$6.25-$6.75. 
T ickets at 
J o sk e 's, Below the Belt, 
Record Land and Record 
Hole. 

O P E N IN G 
T H U R : 
T H E 
R A U L 
G U T I E R R E Z G A L L E R Y 
OF FINE ARTS, Inc., 894o 
Wurzbach Road, 696-5365. 
A four-man art show fea­ turing Garnet Buster, Jose 
Esquivel, Manuel G arza and Ed Willmann. Through 
M ay 6. Free. 

CU RREN T 
E X H IB IT S 

A R T 8. F R A M E M A R T 
NO. I, 83o2 Broadway. E x ­ hibit of work by Lona Beil and Travis Keese. Mon-Sat 
1o-6. 
A R T & F R A M E M A R T 
NO. 2, 67o North Star Mall. 
Oils by Hazel Massey, Joe 
Peacock, Jose Vives-Atsara and Alberto Meza. Mon-Sat 
1o-6 . 
ARTISANS’S AL LE Y , 555 
Bitters Road. Marketplace of over 2o sh o p s with professional artists and/or craftsm en in residence. 
Tues-Sat. 1o-5:3o, Sun 1-5. 
B R I G H T S H A W L , 819 
Augusta. Marion G. Irving 
(de Cruz exhibit of weavings 
& tapestry, A p ril 15 thru 
M ay 31. 
IO a.rn.-2 p.m., 
Mon-Frl. 
C L U T T E R W O O D G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 53o9 M cC u llo ugh . 
Paintings, drawings, photo­ grap h s & lim ited edition g ra p h ic s by 
C h ristin e 
Am arger, Nellie Buel, R i­ chard 
Fie (den, 
D a n n y 
G eisler, D m itri Petrov, 
Jean Sariano, Sue Shields and G eorge Stum b erg, 
Mon-Sat 1o-6, Sun 1-5. 
COPPINI A C A D E M Y OF 
F I N E ARTS, 115 M elrose 
Place. 2-5 p.m., Sat, Sun & 
Wed, free. 
COR NER G A L L E R Y , On the Sq u are (H w y 281), 
Blanco. M o re than 
15o original w orks by leading 
Hill Country artists. Daily 
1o-6, Sun 2-5. 
F R O S T 
N A T I O N A L 
BANK, One Hundred West 
Houston. Norman Rockwell thru April 15. M on-Thurs, 
9-3, Fri 9-5. 
G A L L E R I A 3o7 H O U S E 
OF ARTS, 3o7 H e m isF a ir 
Plaza Way. Work by Adriel, 
Ardyth, G ilbert, G ira rd , 
Haake, H aese, Keenan, 
"L o s Scotts," Mischer, Por­ terfield, Roberts, Thom p­ son; oils, w ate rcolors, a crylics, ce ra m ics, macrame, and metal sculp­ ture. 
Mon-Sat 
12-5. 
Call 
227 o527. 
G A L L E R I E OF F I N E 
ARTS, 342 W. Main Street, 
Fredericksburg. Artists, ar­ tisans & craftsmen in most media. Daily 1o-6. 
C L A S S E R S A R T G A L ­ 
LER Y, 2121 N. M ain Ave. 
Thru April, sculpture by 
Thom as H olland, Sher- malee, 
M a ck, 
C h a rle s 
Learned, M a ry Albrecht, 
Edith Baker, Ruth Litwin and James Edward. Oils 8. w ate rcolors by 
C lay 
M cG aughy, Robert H a rri­ son, Bill Zoner, E. A. 
Herbes, L a rry Anschutz, 
Betsy Hanzel, Gilbert D u ­ ran, Wim, L. Van D iik, 
W arren W oodw ard 
B ria n 

Donlan, Jean M a rtin and m any E u ro p e a n a rtists. 
W ildlife p h o tograp h y by 
Perry Shankle, Jr. Sat April 
3o only: E. Gordon West, w atercolor, ske tch e s & acrylic works. Special V ig­ nette Showing Mon-Fri 9 6, 
Sat 9-2. 
G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y , 
4o3 E. Commerce. Original prints and fine art re ­ productions. Contemporary art posters and custom matting and framing of art on paper. 11-7 Mon-Thurs, 
11-9 Fri & Sat, noon-6 Sun. 
O D Y S S E Y G A L L E R I E S , 
2222 Breezewood. Tues Sat 
11-5. 
* 
O L D 
SAN 
A N T O N I O 
E XH IB IT , Bolivar Hall. A folk and historic museum in 
La Villita, 227-9o42. Tues- 
Sun 1o-5, free 

NOSEY PLAY: 
One of the modern c la ss ic s of the stage is 
“ Cyrano de Bergerac." 
It’s been some seven years since the poetic comedy about a C avaliar with a protruding probiscus has been presented in San Antonio. 
I f s long-over due return is currently at the 
Fort Sam Houston Playhouse, where Wayne 
E lk in s, an im a g in a tiv e young director, is staging a production of “ Cyrano" he’s been planning for years. 
Burdette Parks, one of the city’s best char­ acter actors, is playing the role of Cyrano. 

Check out Stage for details. 

Clip this coupon! 

••V /vTJ/u" " 
\ 

TWO RIBEYE STEAK , 
PLATTERS FOR *3.99 I 

(with this coupon) Bung ibis coupon plus someone you like and enjoy a pan of nbeye steaks selected for taste and tenderness 
. . with baked potato or golden french 

 ft res and Sizzler toast Both for ju s* 
S3 99 

• 4 6 2 o B ro a d w a y 
• 1 4 o 2 S.W . M ilita ry Or. 
• B ro a d w a y at Loop 4 IO 
• H w y. 9 o at M ilita ry Dr. 
• V an ce Jackson at Loop 4 1 o the h o m e O f 
STEAK LOVERS 

I n 
OC 
TJ 
O 
3 
I 
I 
I 

 g o o d thru 4 - 2 8 

 coupon 
I 

 a i 

'Kirtle Creek 
Presents 

Anne Murray 
& 
KennyEogers 

 in the Celebrity Stage Bailroom 

TOGETHER-THE 
GREATEST 
TWIN 
BILL 
EVER 
OFFERED ON A SAN ANTONIO STAGE. 
Wed. thru Sat. April 27, 28, 29 & 3o 
TWO SHOW S NIGHTLY 7:3o & IO P.M. 
$1o.oo per person. C all 696-56oo for Reservations or stop by Turtle Creek and choose your own table. 
AH Seats reserved. 
Ask about the new Celebrity-Social Membership Plan. As a new member you get free tickets to two big shows, and discounts to other shows. Plus many other exciting membership extras. 
Plan a complete evening: Enjoy dinner from a special 
“Show Time” menu and dancing to two bands after the show. 
Also appearing under separate ticket will be 
The New Christy Minstrels for your enjoyment before and after the show. 

All proceeds from the 
7:3op.m . show on 
4 /2 8 go to the 
Northside Lions Club 
383o Parkdale 

Jong’s latest effort crashes early 

By KENNETH STAGGS 
Erica Jong’s eagerly awaited sequel to “ Fear of Flying” has arrived — with a resounding thud. 
Almost all the wit, sa­ tire, irony and verbal pyrotechnics of her first novel are missing from 
HOW TO SAVE YOUR 
OWN L IF E (Holt, Rine­ hart, and 
Winston; 
$8.95). 
The How-to serious­ ness of the title, and the 
Scottish of love, 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM 

Barbara 
Annandale takes her central char­ acters in THE BONNET 
L A IR D ’S DAUGHTER 
(Coward, 
McCann 
& 
Geoghegan: $8.95) over the wilds of Scotland, the 
London district and 
France. 
A daughter of a Scot­ tish laird falls in love with a reckless young 
Scot in the crew of John 
Paul Jones, and compli­ cations rise immediate­ ly- 
The father gets angry1, the country is aroused about the raids of Jones and his crew on the coasts and the girl finally is forced to flee Scotland to avoid possible fatal drudgery assigned by her father. 
All in all, the novel covers a lot of ground in just about 276 pages. 
The author brings in 
Ben Johnson, Benjamin 
Franklin and Jones as the girl and her lover try to find happiness. 
It takes some doing, but the author finally 

 contents of the novel in­ dicate that Erica/Isadora has begun to take herself seriously as seer, the pundit of psyche expan­ sion through pneumatic sex. So another writer of some promise, inflated by unexpected acclaim, tale fame 

 unravels all the knots in plausible fashion. 
The author now is working on a sequel. 

 loses touch with the well-springs and true na­ ture of her art. 
“ How to Save Your 
Own Life” picks up the career of Isadora White 
Wing three years after the conclusion of “ Fear of Flying.” During these years, we are told, she has learned lo accomo­ date herself to the dizzy­ ing fame occasioned by her first novel. 
_ 
What she cannot* bear, even with the aid of two male supporters, is the discovery that Bennet 
Wing has been unfaithful to her — for years and not told her. 
Honesty, you see, requires confession, as we learned in “ Fear of Flying.” 
The novel centers on the trauma of Isadora’s dissolving her loveless 

OLIVER 
REED 

DEBORAH 
RAFFIN 

JIM 
MITCHUM 
THE RICHEST TOWN 
IN THE WEST 
BECOMES HELL 
ON EARTH WHEN 
THE MADMAN 
BEGINS HIS 

 marriage, with excur­ sions into drugs, kinky sex with male and/or female partners, wa­ terbed orgies, lesbian­ ism, etc., for solace and to aid her in making her life-saving decision. 
Predictably, she leaves 
Bennett, after intermina­ ble anguish 
(and ecstacy?), for a West 
Coast hippy — the love of her life. 
The contents are not inherently dull, yet E ri­ ca’s treatment is flat. 
The characters and the scenes are dull and life­ less. “ Fear of Flying” was flawed but interest­ ing. “ How lo Save Your 
Own Life” never gets off the ground._____________ 

Perhaps if Erica had remembered and fol­ lowed a quotation from 
Jerzy Kosinski she used in “ Fear of Flying,” the novel would be less bad: 
“ What we remember lacks the hard edge of fact. To help us along we create little fictions . . . which clarify and shape our experience. . . . If it weren’t for these struc­ tures, art would be too personal for the artist to create, much less for the audience to grasp.” 

“ How to Save Your 
Own Life” has all the marks of regurgitated experience, uninformed by art. Don’t waste your time or your money on it. 

-mm 

ERICA J OMC ’.S new book, "H im to Save 
Your Own Life” i* a Hat sequel to "Fear of 
Flying.” 

ASSAULT ON 
PARADISE m 

Starts Friday! 
CINI CINCO • UA MOVIES 4 
TOWN TWIN • FRID ROAD • CAPITAN 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Break the Hamburger Habit without going broke. I 

COUPON DAYSI 
AT A rby’s OF 
J 
SAN ANTONIO 
I 

• 314 W. K O O I M . 
* 1934 FREDERICKSBURG ID. ! 
(Across bom N. Star Mali) 
('A mi. So. of HH IO) 
| 

 o 1255 AUSTIN HWY. 
• WINDSOR PARK MALI 
(lawar lava*-Across from 
I 

 when o n ly ^ the very best will do 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

TROUT AMANDINE 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 

M U M ca 

RESTAURANT & BAR 
512/826 2371 
\ 
1o39 N E. LOOP 41o rf b a i ------- 
I 
PARI 

RIB EYE e 

FILET 

MARGARITa S 
$1.oo 

A ll ENTREES 
INCIUDE: SAIAD, 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

BANQUET and 
PARTY FACILITIES id - 16o 

K M A C & K ISS 
^ 
P resent".rgary 

'Wriipf 
\ 
* 
*v Plus Special 
Guest 
1— ^ B L A C K F O O T 

 r n 

MORE EXCITING THAN 2oo1 .. BECAUSE IT S 
HAPPENING NOW! 
BASED ON “ MIRACLE OF THE GODS ' 
BY ERICH VON DANIKEN 

STARTS FRIDAY! 

NORTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • UNIVERSAL • AZTEC 3 
CINE CINCO • SAN PEDRO • MISSION • VARSITY 

> / I V > 

 r n ’I v v v 
' 
• unvi in t ro d u c in g 
^ 
7 I SI A RC AST Ll 
J * * 
• 
' h i * 
TONITE 

7 JO PM 

San Antonio 

Municipal Auditorium 

Tickets at Box Office Only 

COMING!!! 

* 
San Antonio 
Municipal Auditorium 

Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGE 11 

R iv e r C ity a n d 

Film s showing this week in San Antonio in­ clude: 
Aztec-3: 
It’s 
Alive a re a m o v ie s 

Violation 
+ 
Mad; Venessa 
Moving 
Fighting 
+ Affair. 
Broadway: Airport ‘77. 

N ETW O R K - in the satire on 
Faye Dunaway is a TV executive who forms an alliance with political activist Marlene W arfield television at the Central Park Fox. 

I2:4o-3:oo-5:2o-7:4o-1o:oo 
MC BROADWAY I •oo-3:1o-5:2o-7:3o-9:4o 
No Bargal n Ma ti n ee 

THGRG'S ONLY O 
N 
€ 
THING WRONG 
WmfTHC DAVI5 BABY... 

W/M 

THG O 
N 
€ 
FILM YOU SHOULD NOT SGG ALONG 

W arrin g |Q m \ R Y A N -S H A R O N PA R R iC U . • A N D R E W D U G G A N - G U V S T O C K W E L L 

JA M C S D i x o n • M IC H A L . A N S A R A • P O 
S ' 

NORTHWEST SIX 

CENTURY eNBwW ■ WWW * 

AZTECA 

SANPEDRO 

VARSITY 

TRAN 

12:oo-2 

12:oo-2 

oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

11:1o-1:oo-2:45-4:35-6:2o-8:1o-1o:oo 

IT S ALIVE 8:3o-12:oo 
HOUSE THAT VANISHED 1o:2o 
SET "THE HOUSE 
» THAT VANISHED 

Central 
Park 
Fox: 
Slap Shot; Littlest Horse 
Thieves 4 Winnie the 
Pooh; Network. 
Century South: 
Black 
Sunday; Mother. Jugs and Speed 4 Sherlock 
Holmes; Audrey Rose; 
Moving 
Violation; 
Airport ‘77; It’s Alive. 
Colonies 
North: 

Gpome Mobile 4 Island at the Top of the World. 
Josephine: 
World of 
Sexual Fantasy. 
Laurel: Rocky. North 
Star Cinema: 
The Do­ mino Principle; The Ea­ gle Has Landed. 
Northwest Six: Voyage of the Damned; Airport 
‘77; Slipper and the Rose; 
Silver Streak; Ifs Alive; 
Nasty Habits. 
Olmos: 
Sun-Tues: Se­ ven Samauri; Wed-Thur: 

 x R O B ER T WISE PnMuewn "AUDREY ROSE" sm , MARSHA MASON ANTHONY HOPKINS 
JOHN BECK spa infofluong SUSAN SWIR*.w 
Scw e Jv Ct f RANK OE FEUTTA • Busts! an tinmna o» fnwk o. feti*i fjttducedo, JOE WIZAN IMI FRANK DE FEUTTA ■ EVkyh, ROBERT WISE 
Mow.OyWCMAfl SMAII • fiWiAVISON* * P»ofluCWnSWV « o» Ruck CVecr* Pm*, 8ngn» 
PG 
United Artists 

.— ^ I n l t r v 
I * 
(obc w m 
• MtMhfftiidtr m tHMl 
1 :3 o -3 :3 5 -5:4 o 
7:4 5 -9 :5 o > 

( E N I I I f f 
I O ! I l l 

S W M il. D r a t IM 35 S o 
9 3 4 -6 5 3 . 
1:oo-3:15-5:3o 
7 :4 5 -1 o :o o 

Edvard Munch; Fri-Sat: 
The Harder They Come 
4 Pink Floyd. 
Texas: King Kong. 
UA 4: A Star Is Born; 
Slap Shot. 
UA Cine Cinco: 
Wi­ zards; The Enforcer; 
Black Sunday; Fun with 
Dick and Jane. 
Universal Twin: World of Sexual Fantasy; Mov­ ing Violation 4 Sky 
Riders. 
Wonder: 
Black Sun­ day; Audrey Rose. 
Woodlawn: 
World of 
Sexual Fantasy; A Star Is 
Born. 

THE 
EA G LE 
H A S 
LANDED — 
D onald 
Sutherland stars in film at the North Star Cinem a about attempt to kidnap 
Winston Churchill. 

A P T I S 
T S 
T 
H 
E 
A 
T 
R 
E 
S j A1 ,u L V i V c 
I 

M 
‘^ 
« 
I N 
A 
L 
W 
E E K 
! * 

12:45 2:3o 4:15 
6:oo 7:45 9:3o j i : 4 5 4 : 2 5 7 : o 5 9 . 4 5 

I 
It C o u ld B e T o m o r r o w ! 
. 
- 
" 
V 
$ 
BLACK SUN D A Y’' f 

I I IS 3 15 PB 
I 
I 
I 
" i "“s-a2 WIZARDS I 
J th e 
1 ■ c o o " mW 
M lM li C i^rw K V a-C K f 
«naP4u« -*i»tt mau 

A Vision of the world, IO million years in the 
Future. 

1:1o 3:1o 5:1o 
7:1o 9:1o 

^ IS w I i l t t S s s l c 

{ 

3RD WEIK 
OF LAUGHTER 

BONNIE J 
AND si a m 
THEY AINT j 

GEORGE 
JANE % 

SEGAL 
IN 
FONDA % 

"FUN WITH J t&JANE”* 

 if THE FUNNIEST NEW COMEDY 9 
J OF THE 
P U H I, 
P YEAP* 
o ^ 

 m 
R UH R wWWwUMRNENb m 
Hplj^ 

AC! 12 IXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Apr. 24, 1972 

SPECIAL 
TONIGHT! 

FIRST 2oo 
PERSONS 
To Purchase tickets after 
6:3o p.m. will have their choice of the hit single g 
"Evergreen” or Jj 
Paper Back Book J 
A Star Is Boro.” I 
Color 
I 

 i t l l i V 

CONTINUOUS SHOWS I! OO A M o A IU 
Theatres 
OF S A N ANTO NIO 

 r e f m u st a h Mew m c v t a » v u nim s x a a t s p u 

 v i r ■ m 
T j n 
(IN IV E R U I 
C H V TW IN ro t Book ar l r 
654*5375 
|» jo trader!ik.kv.» «d 
7 3 5 5 1 1 5 

44 ! 3 Callaghan 
7433 S.VV. MN. 
41 3o Nota-Narrin 
434-6611 
674-1371 
656-3454 

“ FANTASM" 11:oo-2:1o-5:2o-8:3o “ FANTASM" 11:oo-2:oo-S:oo-8:oo 
“ UFE” 12:35-3:45-6:55-1o:o5 
“ UFI" 12:35-3:35-6:35-9:35 

THE BIARRE W ORLD 
OF FEMALE SEXUAL 
FAN TASY! 
HELD OVER! w 

FANTASM 
(WORLD OF SEXUAL FANTASY) 
STARRING USCHI CIGAR (ONE OF RUSS MEYER S GIRLS) • JOHN HOLMES 

DON’T BE EMBARRASS TO SENO 75 MINUTES IN A DARK ROOM WITH A 
HOOKER! 
THE LIFE & TIMES OF 
XA VIERA HOLLANDER’ 9 (X) 

— 

339 w te i ip Wni 
A Beautiful Woman s Erotic 
Introduction to the Seductive 
World of Oriental Pleasures. 
VANEOGA™ 
PLUS i j d F F f l l f ’ M 

<1? & 

J 
-=7 J 

JAWS 

Andsot'beaan 

 rn 
- v> ® 
' V $! 
ROBERT 
!po 
S V ; I 
ROY 
SHAW 
RICHARD 
S '/ SCHODER 
DREYFUSS /^ T ? 
MOM -FHI. 7:oo-9:o5 
/ rn ??* 
SAT.-SUN ! 3:15-3:3o-4:45-7:oo-9:o$ 
I * 4 1 7 8 
Cwimi LORRAINE GART •BURR Af HNHIOff A ZANUCK/BROWN V $ I 
PRODUCTION I b m * * PETER BENCHLEY * CARL GOTTLIEB 

MON.-nu. 7 :4 5 -9 :1 o — SAI.-SUN 13:1 5 3 :3 o -4 .4 5 -7 :o o -9 :o 5 

W i d e s c r e e n 
/T G 

•I” . 

 th* LOLLIPOP GIRLS I 
■"H A R P C A N D Y ! 

Starring J O 
H 
N 
H 
O 
L M 
E S 
A n d « • A l l N e w 
B r o t I c B e a u t i e s ! 

AIRPORT ‘77 — 
James Stewart is an aircraft company executive in action thriller at the Century South, Broadway and Northwest 
Six. 

BLACK SU N D AY — 
Bruce Dem is wounded as he tries to detonate a bomb in suspense film at the W onder, 
Century 
South and UA Cine Cinco. a&e Great 

 c A m e b e a n 

 b a r g a i n 
WANT 
ADSJ 

Coll 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

“ P O O H ” 12:3o-3:4o-7:1o MOH AI 
“ THIEVES” 12 45 ♦IS ! 
“ T H IEV ES” 1:45-5:oo-8:2o MO 
“ POOH” 2:45-6:15-9:45 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 

Produce fry iKVriN WINKLER and KOBI HT CHART OPT 
□CCT 
DIRECTOR jOhNG Av l OSCN 
177 BEST FILM 
JBL EDITING 
ROCKY 

($1.25 TIU 2:oo PM) 
11:1o-1 oo-2:45-4:35 
6:2o-8:1o-1o:oo 

THCRC'S ONLY G N C THING WRONG 
WITH THC DAVI5 DADY... 

NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736 4551 

N O W P L A Y IN G ! 

AT BOTH THEATRES 
FOX CENTRAL PARK 
S A T U R D A Y & S U N D A Y 
1: 1o-3:2o-5:3o-7:45-9:55 

M O N . THRU THUR.-7 :4 5 -9 :5 5 

UA MOVIES 4 
FEATURES 
I 2:3o-2:4o-4:55-7:2o-9:45 
HAPPY HOUR DAILY UNTIL 1:3o 

UPROARIOUS.Justy entertainment,” 

Bob Thomas, ASSOCIATED PRESS 

Puhi. 
NEWNUM 

ISLKP 

" s h o t 

Co-starring fWCHfia OnTKERN • LINDSAY CROUSE 
JENNIFER WROTEN • JERRY HOUSER and STROTHER ffifiRTlN 

R RESTRICTED - 

CERTAIN LANGUAGElTif,y 35 TOO STRONC, r'Oj^n.LyRE^ 

ITS Alive 
■ b a i 

THC ONE FILM YOU SHOULD NOT SCC ALONC 

 a i J T f t v M A J O R rn 

 l \ l | 
M O T IO N W 
M 
K - P/CTUKtS *1oo. 
S A N A N T O N I O 
"rn • ~ ~ jj j i b b n i i ^ —y—y: 

IM IO af >AFwnbot> I ■ 

"T S ® 
^ 
GnpmeMOBil# 
^ 
— 
..... 

Re ><Hease<J by B U E N A VISTA D ISTR IBU TIO N C O INC 
PLUS 
WALT DISNEY’S 
“ THE ISLAND AT THE TOP 
^ OF THE WORLD” (G) 

UNIVERSAL 
CITY IW W 

' »Io5 SI XI AterAYS I H!SS! 
MHRtS 51 OO UNTIL |»8»j s X) AHL# 5oo si so|:mai 
Sptnsl M oil..* Doily 
IF YOU STEAL IT, ROLL IT AND WRECK IT- 

“M Q V IN G ” 
\ 
..■OO I JI) I O O I O IS 
‘•SNY” 
M i 5 IS 8 45 

Mmm) 

INO BAS MAT OS PASSES) 
AFFAIR" ll oo-1-15-3 3o4:45 
'V A N E S S A " 12:25-3:4o-6 55-1o:1o 

o 

*s> & 
A BeauMut Woman , Erotic introduction lo the Seductive 
World of Oriental Pleasures 

’ VI,th) O L IV IA P A S C A L 
V A N E S S A 

•A N D * 
Strictly from a woman’s point of view1 
"ie#ff<sif * 

King Kong 

Y 
" OS Si OO Ai nars 
WOODLAWN 
I & l l 

AQUITS SI OO UNTIL 
5oo HITK 5oo 51 SO 
HELD OVER m o 
><i u s u u 
«. 

LAST 5 DAYS! s t R e i s m o 
K R IS t O f f E R S O n 

 fXPRSSS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZIN1— Apr. 24, 1o77 
PAG! 13 

Rita goes on actin g-— sans accent 

NEW YORK — When 
Rita Moreno flashed her friends a farewell wiggle and left for Hollywood the other night to do a 
TY pilot, she reassured them in perfect English. 
“ I’m playing a New York 
Latin — but without an accent.” 
“ No more Googie Go­ mez,” she promised, re­ fe rrin g to the funny character she made me- 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 

 mutable in “ The R itz." 
R ita w as d rin k in g a m arguerite without salt at S a rd i’s as she d is­ cussed this before her departure to Pilotland. 
“ I love 
G o o gie! 
I created her in a dressing 

 room at 'West Side Story' in 1992. Dancers are al­ ways doing bits. And out cam e Googie. 
“ L isse n , hairnet*, as 
Googie would say, ‘Das cho booziness.’ Googie is the embodiment of show 

BARGAIN MAT. DAILY FOR 

THEATRE CAPACITY FOR FIRST 

PERFORMANCE ONLY. 

 fell.M-nlCWii 
— 
T U 

6 : o o - 8 : o o - 1 o : o o i IO of loop 41o oft Catfisghe« (ut 

 t i 
EXCLUSIVE! 

NASTY HADITS 

“Hilarious Heavenly Hash. 
Comedy gets a shot in the apse with‘Nasty Habits’. 
It knocks over a tot of sacred cows both on and off the attar 
Thee of piety. It’s me Watergate outrageous mess set in a Philadelphia comedy! nunnery, with refreshingly different cinematic results. 
There won’t be a soul In the audience who doesn’t yell ‘Give ‘em Hell!’” 
— R«x Reed, New York Daily News 
“Pure gold...Outrageous and amusing. The screen is set aglow. Glenda Jackson is superb. 
Sandy Dennis steals the show.” 
— Judith Crist. Saturday Review 

BRUT PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS A GEORGE OARRlE -ROOERT ENDERS PRODUCTION 
GLENDA JACKSON MELINA MERCOURI GERALDINE PAGE SANDY DENNIS 
ANNE JACKSON ANNE MEARA SUSAN PENHALIGON NASTY HADITS" 

 oho vom ng EDITH EVANS os Hti-dego'de JERRY STILLER en PR Dr.pv RIP TORN a* Mcuumiitan Ell WALLACHa M ^ sK .r.o . 

P G ; POIPU; SMMU SUGCESTED -Sr! 

{ S O W » t t T E » U « jjjf 5u V f « i e " » W ' W ( U f M G f l s j 

 business losers. But with a heart. 
“ She's arrogant in the face of her failures. It’s the bad breaks she gets. 
B arb ra Streisan d stole her m a te r ia l. Y o u ’ve seen such girls in show business. 
“ What are they doing in it? How do they get paid for to rtu rin g people?” 
But though everybody 

 loves Googie Gomez, Ri­ ta Moreno didn’t want to 
(bt her regular on TV. 
“ S h e ’d get on you r nerves. She’s better in sp u rts.” 
B e sid e s, sh e w as turned down in a pilot last year -- for three other shows, all of which have sin ce been c a n ­ celled. 
And so Rita “ Morren- n o,” as she keeps re ­ 

 minding you she wants to be called, went out to play the chief of services of a New York hospital 
“ where a lot of wackos come in.” 
And she was due back in this weekend to return to a Tow n Hall revival of 
“ She Loves M e,” playing 
Ilon a, a d o orm at for men. completely unlatin- lzed, looking about 19 instead of 45, wearing a 

 plunging neckline and what fashion r e fe r s to as a “ fanny w rap ” — a piece of fabric wound around the posterior. 

“ F i r s t ,” 
R ita e x ­ plained, “ you have to have the basic* str u c ­ ture” — then the right fab ric. T h at’s for the men, but a lot of women cam e up and lit candles 

T od ay at 

N O 
R T H 
W 
E S T S I X 
H l l •< iM f 41o WI 
Itll 
U '* 1 M 

C h e ck d isp la y a d fo r tim e s a n d p olicies 

“ V O Y A G E OF THE 
D A M N E D ” 

“ SILVER STREAK” 

“ AIRPO RT ’7 7 ” 

“ IT’S ALIVE” 

“ SLIPPER A N D THE 
RO SE” 

“ NASTY H A BIT S’ 

Today at 

C E N T U R Y S O U T H B 
IW Hr Of at HHS to tl4 -6 H I 

Check d isp la y a d fo r tim e s a n d p olicies 

“ IT’S A LIV E” 

M« 
S 
M 
* GS’ 

“ 'M ERLOCK H O LM ES' 
SMARTER BROTHER 

“ A IRPO RT ’7 7 ” 

“ AU D REY R O SE” 

“ BLACK S U N D A Y ” 

Today at 
San Pedro 

B A N P E D R O 
Itltu K M M OUI OOO* to. t.4.. ti >inn, IC 
444 M l» r - z 
I ad 

“ENFORCER” 
“LIPSTICK” 

“IT S ALIVE” 
“HOUSE THAT 
VANISHED” 

Check display for times 

“A STAR 
IS BORN” 
“LIFEGUARD” 

B a rg a in M a tin e e 
D a ily fo r Th e atre c a p a city fo r first p e rfo rm a n c e o n ly, lh IO o» loop 4to off (allophonic 
WOKIHWKSI 
' S IB 
1:oo-3:15 
5:3o-7:4o 

349-6214 1o:oo 

STARRIN G 
(PG) 
GENE WILDER/JILL CLAYBURGH v _________ RICHARD PRYOR________ 

• i s m l t i h 

4 7 o5 San P e d ro 
Seven a 
S amurai 
The M a gn ifice n t Se ve n was a remake of this Japanese classic. Directed by Akira Kurosawa 
7 s o 5 
L and starring Toshiro Mifune. 
9 : 4 o 

STARTS W EDNESDAY 
FRIENDS OF THE McNAY PRESENT 
“ ED V A R D M U N C H ” 
CAU THE McNAY FOR TICKET INFO 824-5368 

S O U T H 

C i 
Doily IJ h s s i; 
For Theatre capacity I for first performance I iV immww on|y 
S W M il D r of IN 3 5 So- 
9 3 4 -6 5 3 1 

“ SPEED” 2 ^ 4 M 
6:2o 1o:oo 
“ BRO TH ER” 
12:45-4:25-8:o5 

THE F + B AMBULANCE CO. 
J U 8 S &£ 
IS LOOKING FOR A FEW 
GOOD M E N ... BUT THEY 
^ 
W ill TAKE ANYBODY THEY , 
CAN GET. 
* 

STARRING 
BILL CO SB Y 
RAQUEL WELCH 
H ARVEY KEITEL (PG) 
— A N D — 

A COMEDY 

OF WIT AND 

IMAGINATION. 

S T A R R IN G 

GENE WILDER 
MADELINE KAHN 
MARTY FELDMANJ a s B ia in if f lM 

1 . 7 o Fre de rick .b u rg R d 
7 3 5 5 7 1 3 
STAR 12:oo-2:45-5:3o 
«:Oo 

ACADEMY 
AWARD FOR 
BEST SONG! 

Son Pedro of Bitter* Rd 
494-3436 
“ STAR” 8:3o-12:4o 
“LIFEGUARD” 11:1o 
S t R e iS f lH D 
K R IS tO # 6 R S O n 

“ LIF EG U A R D ” 
SAM ELLIOT 
(PG) 

C e n t u r y s o u t h 
MOVING VIOIATION" 
12:oo 2:oo 4:oo 'N 
6:oo 8:oo 1o:oo 

UNIVERSAL 
M O V IN G VIOLATION 
SKTRIDERS 
12:oo-3:3o-7:oo-1o:15 
1:45-5:15 8:45 

M ISSIO N 
TOW N TW IN 

“M O V IN G 
VIO LATIO N ” 
8:3o-11:5o 
“S T R ID E R S ” 
1o:2o 

CAPITAN 
M O V IN G V IO L A T IO N ” 8:3o-11:45 
•FIGHTING M A D " 
1o:15 

 fl& *Th 

C A M A N D EDDIE H A V E 

JUST W ITN ESSED A 

M U RDER . . . BUT THERE S a 
N O O N E THEY C A N 
TELL . . . BECAUSE IN 

THIS T O W N THE C O P S 
^ 
ARE THE KILLERS! 

S T A R R IN G 

ST EP H EN M CHATTIE * K A Y LEN Z • ED D IE A LBER T 
PIUS AT UNIVERSAL • FRED. RO. • MISSION • TOWN TWIN: 

(PG)JAMES COBURN 

 r i U 3 f t t U N I V CK J A L • rK I 
SkjuHidlers 

\pius AT capitan: “FIGHTING M A D ” (PG) PETER FONDA/ 

^ N o BAR. MAT. 

NO PASSES 
NORIHWE1I i i i 

IM IO of leap 41o 
Callaghan (mf 

11:5 o-2:2o^ 
4:5o-7:2o 
9:5o 

HURRY! MUST END SOON 

FOUR TRACK STEREOPHONIC SOUND 

^Thc c^li|i|)fiiiiid tlicfvw 

I lie Story at L imlercllii 
(G) 

Richard Chamberlain 
Gemma Craven 

Annette Crosbie 
Edith Evans 

Christopher Gable Michael Hordern 

Margaret Lockwood Kenneth More 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . 
.. . . . . 
.. . . 
. I . . . i i ii 
■ iii m w . rn 

B A R G A IN M ATIN EE D AILY 
FOR THEATRE C APA CIT Y FOR 
NOKTHWEII 
I I I'- * .'.T:-; 
1 :2 o - 4 :1 5 
7 :1 o - 1 o :o 5 
FIRST PER FO RM AN C E O N LY . 
IM IO of loop 41o off Callaghan fait 
ACADEMY A W A RD W INNER FAYE D U N A W AY IN 

AUDREY ROSE —- 
John Beck and M arsha Mason have a d a u g h te r whose reincarnation is showing in suspense film a t the W o n d e r and Century South. 

AT 3 THEATRES 
UA MOVIES 4 
CINE CINCO 
FOX CENTRAL PARK 

WHO 
IS THE 
LITTLE GIRL 
WHO LIVES 
DOWN THE 
LANE? 

SAMUEL I ABKOff presents A ZFV BRAUN PRODUCTION 
ALEXIS SMITH as M f s. M allet 
JODIE FOSTER MARTIN SHEEN 
MORT SHUMAN SCOn JACOBY 
"THE LITTLE GIRL WHO LIVES DOWN THE LANE” 
PG, •aas nm r n swam* 

AN AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL RELEASE 

 f necuhve Producers HAROLD GREENBERG I ALFREO PARISER 
Music Supervise MORT SHUMAN 
Original Score CHRISTIAN GAUBERT 
Music Publish*: INDUSTRIAL MUSIC • Screenplay bv LAIRD KOENIG based on his novel 

Produced by ZIV BRAUN • Directed by NICHOLAS GESSNER • Color prints by MOVIE LAR 

THE VOYAGE OF THE DAMNED 
Nazis in film a t the N orthw est Six. 
Fay Dunaw ay a n d Oscar W erner a re two Jews trying to escape the 

Q g N iW A t C IN E M A THC ATH BS 

I NOttTHSTAH EVERY PAY m 1:3o R M - t t s o l 

T r u s t no one. N o one. 

STAHLEY 
KRAMER p*=>cxDtJcmcDrj 

GENE HACKMAN CANDICE BERGEN 
EXCLUSIVE! 
12:3o-2:2 o -4 :1 3 -6 :o o -8 :o 5 -1 o;oo 
NORTH STAR 
________343-93o4 

In three days they almost won the War. 

 it 
— TSS*? T U C 

 hasU hded 

M K I CAINE DONALD SUTHERLAND 
ROBERT DDWU m 
EXCLUSIVE! 
12 :2 o -2 :4 o -5 :o o-7 :2 o-9 :4 o 

 a m n w t w 
B L 
■nup 
■MMNUMNMBWvV KLAHMflOUD 
I TBNK 
WEC? 
MCCRELESS 
5 3 3 -o 4 3 1 
HUSTLE W 
1:1o-513o-9,oo 
THE LONGEST YARD •«> 
3:22-7:42 

M.CPELtSS M O O .'.:. sn* VWS 
.„ TIME s 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 fxpress-News Want Ads 225-1656 

 li.-itri! a n n u 

)« • l l * , a l M l m ( A 
I M M U 
H O O iM M v a H 
531-3317 
ENFORCER 8.3 o 11:55 U P S Tia 1o:25 

C L I N T E A S T W O O D 
• THE 
ENFORCER 

«^MARGAUX HEMINGWAY (RI 
Lipstick rn 

N Kmi'I Mw«y» »»» ^rvrltottorvtooNLN*^ 

COLONIES t o t T H 
- 
H IO a W v ik l.il I M 
o * M i l 
GNOME 2 OO 5:45 9 3o 
ISLAND 12 oo 3 45 7.3o 

TE 
I -..a’ TAI.Lit HI 
O U T D O O R T H E A TRI 
• IO A M a a .ro AO I. «d 
* 74 3331 
GNOME 8 3o 12:o5 
ISLAND 1o2o 
WALT DISNEY S -flfw 
^ 
G rnrnem m W 

^ tHMfcaor. Co tnt ' 
WALT DISNEY’S 
"THE ISLAND AT THE 
TOP OE THE WORLD" (S) 

 f MARIA 
PIA in 
71 7o Sem*r*#« 

TAHITI 8 3o 
WIK 9.4o 
TEASE IM O 
PLUS " W R AHD 
PROSTITUTE" (X) 
PLUS 
'AFTERNOON 
TEASE" 
(X) 
. 

W l ^ i Y h i 
One....A rn* WW N M I A I «>« 
SMOOTH 

 v a VET 8:3o 1 1 :5 o \ 

THRU ID U 

PLUS 
ISAAC HAYES 
LIND VENTURA 
FRED 
WILLIAMSON 
(PC) 

ROBINSON; 

One-of-a-kind 

He s young, with fresh ideas about sports-reporting 
Yet h e ’s into the sports scene like a seasoned veteran 

Young ideas with the insight artel know ledge ol and an old pro W hat a com bination1 

See w hat we m ean 
Tollow Barry’s column 

 every m orning in the 

£<tn A n to n io E x p re s s 

You’ll agree he’s one-of-a-kind. 

For Home Delivery. Call 225-7411 

Earl 
Wilson 
 for Donald Brooks who designed it.” 
“ What does this fabric do?” I asked. 
“ Well,” she said, “ it clings!” 
On opening night of the month engagement, Rita had to stop and tell the audience, “ I ’m sorry, I forgot.” 
“ They cheered so hard. My husband said, 
What a cheap way to get applause.’ Oh, no, I ’d rather die. Your mind turns to dust. 
“ I carry my scripts with me but that night the script was on the stand and I was in front of the stand. It’ll never happen again. I won’t let it.” 
Rita says she’s a bit of 
Googie herself. She came here from Puerto Rico at five and boasts of being from the streets, with guts. 
“ You wouldn’t know it, but I ’ve got a lot of welts on my psyche.” 
After winning an Oscar for “ West Side Story,” she says, she wasn’t heard from for about se­ ven years. 
She had a romance with Marlon Brando, did a movie with him, did the movie 
“ Carnal 
Knowledge” with a me­ morable final scene with 
Jack Nicholson, then won a G ram m y for “ The 
Electric Company” and a Tony for Googie Go­ mez. 
“ There’s one award missing — the Emmy.” 
Maybe it’ll come along now, if the pilot’s ac­ cepted. 
\ fan stopped and asked, “ Aren’t you Rita 
Moreno?” 
“ Ifs Morrenno,” she answered gently. 
“In the beginning, any old way was all right as long as they pronounced it. Now I ’m more se­ cure.” 

'“ BLACK SUNDAY’ IS PURE DYNAMITE! 
A pulsating film. Top-notch, non-stop action! The tension builds and builds until it finally— figuratively and literally— explodes 

O n t h e S c r e e n ! ” —Aaron Schindler, Family Circle Magazine 

Paramount Pictures Presents a Robert [tens production a John Ftankenhetmei him starring Robert Shaw Bruce Dem, Marthe Keller 

Stack Sunday co starring Fritz Weaner and Bekim f e t a _ 
(RjRESTRiCTED « * ] 
___ 
I n l t n l R l R R lo b e J W lT E l 
(ENIUKVi; 
IO! im • V 
I N UM th #>4 IM 35 Sn* 
934 49J* 

11:45-2:2o-4 55 
7:3o-1o:o5 

Ai/«mud ai rn is a s c ill 

1:45-4:25 
7:o5-9:45 

DERI 
NRofclMUMtfMlCHr • IJJ ll#/ 

1:45-4:2o 
6:55-9:3o 

NO BARGAIN MATINEE 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—Apr. 24, 1977 
PAGE 15 

A little fresh air is good 

 for feet! Slip into Air 

Step's perforated shoes 

With our all leather perforated pump or sandal by 
Air Step, you can walk in air-cooled comfort all day long! And the casual styling looks perfect with all your warm weather fashions! Top; low heeled sandal with stylized T-strap vamp and buckled strap, 23.oo. 
Classic pump with solid heel and front tab trim over instep, 22.oo. Sizes 6 V2-IO N, 5-1o M, 6-9 W, in white or bone. Women's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, 
Windsor Park, Austin. Charge your choice! 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

PAGE 16 
EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E— Apr. 24, 1977 

PLANS TO RU| 
FOR f j M l ^ ; 

PAGE 18 

PAGE 7 

 n u n 
NETWORK 
IN U.S. 
I 
PAGE4 r f * 

* . - r 
11 #2 o 1 

Shakira Caine doesn’t like hubby’s shadow 

Ali’s newest is fat, sassy 

BETWEEN playing himself in the movie The Greatest and training for his May 14 fight with Alfredo Evangelis­ ta, “The Spanish Rocky,” Muhammad Ali, 35, played dad­ dy to his newest child, Hana. 
Reported the champ: 
“She’s fat, she’s sassy and she’s happy — but most impor­ tant she’s healthy. She looks just like me and mamma, 
Bird (Ali’s nickname for his mother).” Ali plans to marry 
Hanna’s mother, Veronica Porsche (with Ah in the photo at left), in a ceremony this 
June in 
Los Angeles. 

Britain’s royal brothers get common touch 

BRITISH royalty is getting a bit of the common touch this spring while mum stays home at the castle and celebrates her silver jubilee. At left, Prince Charles, 28, receives instructions on how to fly tourist class to the Bahamas. Meanwhile, near Toronto, Canada, Prince Andrew, 
16, dons work clothes and rubber boots to told to farm chores at a friend’s family estate during 
Easter break from school. Andrew, who has made a name for himself in sports and girl chas­ ing, not pastoral pursuits, said: “I Find the simple farm chores really quite refreshing.” 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 

• 
• t 

• INGRID 
BERGMAN, ac­ tress: “A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speach when words become su­ perfluous.” 

• HENRY WINKLER, The 
Fonz on TV’s Happy Days: “In college I’d cry myself to sleep wondering if I was going to make it in this business, mien 
I auditioned for Happy Days my armpits were so wet you could have swum in them.” 

• SEN. HUBERT H. HUM­ 
PHREY, on his fight with can­ cer: “I start out each day and say, 'Well, here’s another one. 
Let’s go at it and enjoy it,’ be­ cause if I worry about myself, that’s worse than the disease.” 
• ROBERT ALTMAN, movie director: “Next year’s Oscar nominations for best actress will be Shelley Duvall and Cis­ sy Spacek for Three Women, 
Lily Tomlin for Late Show, and 
Geraldine Chaplin for Wel­ come To L.A. I don’t know who the fifth one will be, but she’ll win it.” 
• BOB 
HOPE, comedian: 
“The President went to sleep on election night without know­ ing whether he was a winner. 
The same thing happened to me on my honeymoon.” 

• EDWARD 
GOREY, au­ thor: “I’m tired of reading in­ terviews with interesting, witty and sensitive people —- it’s time for somebody to just make dumb remarks, say all the wrong things.” 

• SHASHI 
KAPOO, actor, talking about movies in India: 
“We nave a real problem here. 
No sex, no kissing, no vio­ lence.” 

“PEOPLE are unfair when you’re married to someone famous. They believe you haven’t got thoughts of your own. That’s where they are wrong. I am an independent person ex­ pressing myself.” 
The speaker? 
Shakira 
Caine: London dress designer, and — only in­ cidentally — wife of actor Michael Caine. 
What does Michael, a confessed male chau­ vinist think about his Ms. working in the rag trade? “He wouldn’t dare ask me to stop doing it,” said 
Shakira, slightly miffed. 

Hughes’ face makes 
Tommy Lee famous 

HE was an all-star football guard at Harvard, and had acted on Broadway and in a TV soap, but the world didn’t recognize Tommy Lee 
Jones (left), 31, until he became Howard 

Tommy Lee ever happen to see the face that would make him famous? Said Tommy Lee: 
“Closest I ever came to Howard Hughes was loading Hughes oil drill bits in a pickup.” 

Express/News 
Classified Ads 

PHONE 
225 - 166t 

TWO SKIN experts this week told how to get a safe suntan this sum­ mer. without running the risk of getting skin cancer or suffering other painful effects from the sun s ray's. 
‘ Avoiding the ravages of the sun s rays is a matter of mixing common sense with an intelligent understanding of what prevents absorption of ultraviolet light by the skin/’ said Dr. Perry Robins* associate professor of dermatolo­ gy at New York University. 
Robins and his colleague, assist­ ant professor Dr. Richard C Ben- 
. nett treat more than 1,ooo of the 
•half million or so cases of skin cancer in the U.S. each year. 
The doctors gave these rules for taking the pain out of getting a 
! suntan. 
• First, know your skin type. 
The darker coloring you have the longer you can safely stay in the 
; sun. If you are fair-haired and fair-skinned, you are in the high­ est risk category Darker-skinned people have more protective pig­ ment in their skin to guard against sunburn. 
Fair people must develop more pigment by tanning slowly. 
• Know what harms you. The single most important cause of skin cancer is frequent exposure to the ain s ultraviolet rays. Bust the rays don’t only come from di­ rectly above They also reflect off water, buildings, sidewalks and sand. On cloudy days the rays can ricochet into shady areas and be­ low water 
» Don’t stay in the sun too long at first. It’s a good rule to stay out no longer than half an hour the first day if you are fair- skinned and one hour if you have a darker complexion, 
Increase by half an hour to one hour each day (depending on your skin type i. By the end of one week you will have a suntan. Af­ ter IO days to 2 weeks you will have a natural tan that will last I months. Don’t be tempted to bura your skin, thinking it will turn to tan. What bums one day fades the next. 
• Protect yourself. Vulnerable areas are your face—around the nose, eyelids and lower lip; your upper ears; hands and feet. Cloth­ ing worn in the sun should be light-colored with a tight weave. 
Beach umbrellas do not complete­ ly block ultraviolet light. 
Choose a suntan lotion or cream which has a sunscreen to shield you from the burning rays. Pre­ sun Lotion, Presun Gel, Pabanol, 
Solar Cream are particularly ef­ fective (choose Solar Cream if you are pregnant! 
Pabafilm, 
Eclipse, Sea & Ski and Sundown also screen the rays but are less effective, the doctors say Uval and Solbar wash off easily but act as screens when applied frequent­ ly 
Coppertone is also a sunscreen as are some special cosmetics- but these, again, are less effec­ tive. Be sure to reapply your sun­ screen every few hours. 
An extra tip if you have oily skin, choose a sunscreen with an alcohol base, for dry skin, choose one with an oily base. 

How to toke tii6 pun out of getting a suntan 

Chaplin’s family together again to honor papa 

The film being premiered in Par­ is, Hommage To Charlie Chaplin, was about their dad, so most of 
Charlie and Oona’s kids gathered at the Hotel George V for the fes­ tivities and to pose for this rare 
Chaplin clan photo. Only Geral­ dine, filming in Spain, couldn’t make it Because of Charlie’s fail­ ing health, mom and pop had to stay home in Vevy, Switzerland 
(photo right), and missed the trib­ ute to the great clown of early films. This photo of his children together cheered Charlie, 88, wino said: ‘ All I ask is that my kids stay out of trouble, and avoid being thrown into jail. They look like a nice group of people here." 

Moment of rest for the Jetting Jenners 

Potsie: 
Travolta no singer 

Denver’s mum on whiskers 

A CASE of jealou­ sy among TV’s bubble-gum sit­ com stars'1 Well, maybe. 
Anson 
Williams, 28 (left photo*, who plays 
Potsie on Happy 
Days, doesnt think much of the singing of fellow etemal-adoiescent. John Travolta, 23. of Welcome Back. (Cotter. Said 
Williams: “Oh, sure he's a nice guy, but Travolta can’t sing. And he'd be the first guy to admit it. Let's face it. he's a good actor and good looking — but that's it. His record wouldn’t sell if it didn't have his picture on the cover (right photo*." And what is Wil­ liams' judgement on his own musical skills which he occasionally shows off on Happy 
Days? Said Williams: “I think I have a good chance to be the next Al Jolson." 

TV' viewers were taken aback last week when the most famous booster of Rocky 
Mountain 
High, 
John Denver, ap­ peared sporting a beard on his spe­ cial with Frank 
Sinatra. Was the American-as-apple-pie folk-rock singer attempting to change his image at age 34? 
Denver's newly-hairy lips are sealed about the differ­ ence in his appearance. Explained Denver's press agent: “He is not trying to change his image. Why does anyone grow a beard1 It is a personal affair." 

Crunch comes for Cauthen 

NOW comes the real test of Steve Cauthen, 18-year-old* jockey sensation. His apprenticeship ends May I, and; bell no longer have the rookie weight advantage he end joyed in riding to over 2oo wins and $2 million in prize' money. Steve, still too young to bet on horses or evenj shave, isn’t worried; “The key to a good ride is being! in rhythm with the horse, not with the weight It s some j thing going on inside you that I just can't explain." j 

“WHEN we get together, we’re so dead tired we both fall asleep," said Olympic champ Bruce Jenner about his relationship with wife Chrystie now the commercial offers are rolling rn. Their idea of “sleeping" recently was racing on jet skis. 

THE STAR SAYS 
THANKS TO AN 
EAGER READER 
ROY GAZETTI of Red Bank. 
N.J.. gets his monev's worth from THE STAR. He writes: 
“ You may be interested to know that in addition to read­ ing the many articles in your 
March 29 issue, I took eight specific actions through the mail: ordered vitamins; or­ dered flowers; ordered a book: ordered a ruby; sent THE 
STAR a lemon idea: sent for a photo device mailer: sent for firefly information: and cut out a STAR and sent it to a friend.” 
• Thanks for reading and taking advantage of the many 
STAR features and advertise­ ments each week. 

Narcotics agents probing vast cocaine network among movie stars 

By GEORGE GORDON 
NARCOTICS agents believe they have uncovered only the fringes of a vast cocaine dis­ tribution network among the stars in Hollywood. But their investigation has already turned up these startling de­ tails: 
• An actress, whose ex-boy­ friend is a household TY name. has a S5.ooo-a-week cocaine habit 
• The estranged wife of a lead­ ing director also shells out $5,ooo for the drug. 
• A well-known middle-aged comedian spends a similar amount on cocaine each week. 
• A Hollywood socialite, sepa­ rated from her husband, flew to 
London where she had cosmetic surgery on her nose because it 

 was damaged by snorting co­ caine. Officers say the illegal white powder is passed around routinely these days as jet set parties and dinners in the nation's 
Film caoital. 
Such activity has drawn nation­ al attention since the arrest in 
March of actress Anjelica Huston. 
Miss Huston, a close friend of 
Warren Beatty, 
Ryan O’Neal, 
Mike Douglas and admitted mari­ juana user Jack Nicholson, was charged with possessing cocaine. 
In an unrelated case a few days after. Dr. Aaron Lax. whose list of patients reads like the Celebri­ ty Register, was fined $1oo,ooo and placed on 12 years probation 
Grandm a’s a mom again - to q u ad s 

MOTHER-of-four Donna Peterson gave her daughter some solemn advice on the eve of her wedding. 
“Don t have too many children at once,” she told i8-year-old 
Elaine. “You want to enjoy your­ self while you are young, and chil­ dren take a lot of looking after.” 
But now it’s Mrs. Peterson who is having to look after her own in­ stant family. For soon after her motherly chat last summer, she found out that she was pregnant, and this week the attractive, 
37-year-old brunette and her hus­ band Charles (above) were get­ ting used to the idea of being the proud parents of....quads. 
At the same time, Mrs. Peter­ son discovered that she was a grandmother-daughter 
Elaine just boat her in a race with the stork by giving birth to a baby boy. 
••J hardly knew what to say to 
Elaine,” Mrs. Peterson told THE 
STAR at her home in Perrysburg, near Toledo. Ohio. “ I'd given her all the advice and I didn’t follow it myself.” 
She said that when the doctor 

 first told her that she was expect­ ing three babies, “ I just sat back and roared with laughter — it all seemed just too funny for words.” 
She said: “ A couple of months later, it seemed even funnier when they took an ultra sound test, and told me it was going to be four babies.” 
The babies were kept in oxygen tents following their birth. But doctors say that Jackie (4 lbs. 2*2 oz.), Jody (4 lbs. I oz.), Jeffrey (4 lbs. 3 oz.), and Jamie (4 lbs. 4*2 oz.) are gaining strength every day, and should be lively, healthy youngsters. 
Husband Charles, a glassmak- er, is still trying to cope with the 

 kidding he gets at work. "One day they call me “Grandad” and the next day they are teasing me about handling all those diapers,” he said. 
“ It was a terrific shock when 
Donna told me the news But we both love children, and I am sure that we will enjoy every second bringing them up.” 
The Peterson's other children are all delighted about getting two new brothers and sisters. 
Said Elaine: “ I never thought that my baby, Jeremy, now three months old. would become an in­ stant uncle to two boys and two girls. But I am very happy for 
Mom—she is a wonderful moth­ er” 

 for handing out cocaine in his practice. 
Federal agencies siezed an all- time record amount of smuggled cocaine last year—1,9oo pounds. 
“The figures alone are frighten­ ing enough, but when you consid­ er the category of the people who use it, the situation is even more worrying,” a federal drug agent told THE STAR. 
In Los Angeles, there were 451 arrests connected with the co­ caine in 1976 and many of the peo­ ple involved operated on the fringe of the celebrity party cir­ cuit. 
“We do whatever we think we have to do to get information on the cocaine traffic,” said Detec­ tive Claude Harris of the Holly­ wood Narcotics Squad. 
“Our agents rent tuxedos, drive 
Rolls Royces, pose as rich play­ boys or out-of-work bit actors. 
Some of our female members pose as models and good-time girls.” 
Cocaine is changing hands to­ day for as much as $1oo a gram. 
The federal government esti­ mates several million Americans use it. Every month, that list gets longer. Louis Lasser, star of the 
TV series Mary Hartman, Mary 

Hartman, was convicted of co­ caine possession in Los Angeles last year. 
The late comedian 
Freddie 
Prinze was also a heavy user of the drug before he killed himself. 
Dr. David Sachs, a Beverly 
Hills heart and lung surgeon turned actor, was indicted for writing his friends cocaine pre­ scriptions. 
Acquitted on the grounds of insanity, his lawyer said: “There is no question that he prescribed cocaine without examining people and that he snorted it.” 
Until the recent police clamp­ down. Hollywood cocaine users brought their own gold and silver spoons to social gatherings where cocaine was used. 
On one occasion, the drug was served on a tray with coffee. It was snorted through four-inch straws or rolled-up $1oo bills. 
At another party, eight of the best known names in show busi­ ness, including a prominent Brit­ ish rock star, adjourned into a broom closet for a cocaine snort­ ing session. 
The session was disrupted when one member of the group sneezed and blew $1,ooo worth of the drug on the floor. 
Why some people can’t be hypnotized 

.ALMOST everyone can respond to hypnosis—but highly imaginative people respond the best, says a leading authority on hypnotism. 
“About 5o to 6o percent can reach a moderate or deep level,” said Dr. Milton V. Kline, former president of the Society for Clini­ cal and Experimental Hypnosis. 
“About one-third can respond on a very deep level.” 
And about five percent—usually highly self-controlled people—are immune to hypnosis, Dr. Kline told THE STAR. 
He explained the following facts about hypnotism: 
• The best subjects are people who are good at picturing detailed scenes in their mind’s eye. Chil­ dren make outstanding subjects 
“because they are very imagina­ tive.” 
• You are more likely to re­ spond if you have a problem you believe hypnosis can help you solve. This is why hypnosis can often help people in acute pain. 
• People with strict self-control make poor subjects. “If someone is afraid to give up his vigilance or feels threatened by hypnosis, he can purposely resist.” 
• Insomniacs are not good sub­ jects. They resist hy pnosis for the same reason they fear sleep—-be­ cause they don't want to lose con­ 

 trol. Ironically, however, insom­ nia and other sleep disturbances can be helped by hypnosis and psychotherapy. 
• Some people resist hypnosis because they subconscious:y want to keep their problems as a means of getting sympathy or ♦- tention. 
• Being skeptical doesn't nec­ essarily mah yea a poor subject for hypnosis—as long as you don’t fight it. But a person can't be hyp­ notized against his will. 
• The widespread belief that people with emotional problems should not undergo hypnosis is un­ true. In fact, hypnosis has been successful as a psychiatric tool in treating emotional* disturbances. 
® Intelligence and education do not affect response to hypnosis. 
Neither do occupation or income. 
• Another mistaken belief is that symptoms removed under hypnosis will return—or be re­ placed by something worse—when hypnosis wears off. 
Dr. Kline cited cases of people with as many as 5,ooo warts. The warts returned after being burned off by acid but not after those having them were placed under hypnosis and told to picture the warts falling off. 
% 
The warts did. within 72 to 92 hours, and staved off. 
LET WOMEN WORK LONGER THAN MEN, SAYS A TOP PROFESSOR 
WOMEN should retire later than men because they live an average of eight years longer, says a lead­ ing professor. 
Dr. Adrian M. Ostfeld. a public health professor specializing in aging at Yale University, says men should have the option of 

 stopping work at about 58. while for women the age should be about 62. 
“Optional retirement at a num­ ber of large companies is just the opposite. 6o for men and 55 for women,” he says. “This doesn't make sense at all,” he says. The 

National Center for Health statis­ tics says that the life expectancy of a white female is 76.6 years while for a man it is 69 years. 
“The gap between men and women is expected to widen,” 
Ostfeld says. 
He says he is in favor of forced 

 retirement because its benefits outweigh the psychological prob­ lems. 

"If there isn t a mandatory re­ tirement age, somebody has to tell them to quit because their mind is slipping,” he says. 

New birth pellet ready for testing 

A NEW contraceptive — effective on both men and women up to three years — is ready for testing by humans, its developer said this week. 
And he admitted the contracep­ tive has a major drawback. It de­ stroys male sex drive. 
“We hope to overcome this by also administering a male hor­ mone, testosterone, to restore libi­ do,” Dr. Gopi N. Gupta of the Po­ pulation Council told THE STAR. 
The contraceptive, the size of a rice grain, is implanted under the skin, It has no adverse effects for women, Dr. Gupta said. 
“ It contains approximately the substances used tor years in the contraceptive pill, but because it is implanted it by-passes the liv­ er,” ne said. “This reduces side effects, and it is a very low dose.” 
In the U.S., human testing can­ not start until the Food and Drug 
Administration approves — prob­ ably in about a year. 
“ Meanwhile we will be testing it on both men and women in oth­ er countries," Dr. Gupta said. 
Males in the human tests will be asked to keep diaries recording changes in mood, physical well­ being, sex drive and sexual activi­ ty 
“Regulating the male reproduc­ tive system presents many com­ plex problems we don’t have the answers to,” Dr. Gupta said. 
“ We know this method affects the male libido but to what extent we don't know. That is what we hope to determine.” 
The pellet will differ from other implantables in its smaller size and in not needing to be removed when its usefulness ends. 
The contraceptive can be im­ planted in the arms or abdominal region with only a tiny incision and removed the same way. 
“The subject can have it re­ moved at any time and fertility will be restored within days,” said Dr. Gupta. 

Wacky life of woman who to be buried in car 
By BOB BOYD 
SOCIALITE Sandra Ilene West, who asked to be buried in her 
$2o,ooo Ferrari auto, was as eccentric in life as she was in death, close friends told THE STAR this week. 
The burial wish was just one of many bizarre activities of the multi­ millionaire widow. 

 asked 

• She once purchased a 4o cent left the waitress a $2o tip. 
• She dressed up in $2oo,ooo worth of jewelry and a $3o,ooo mink coat, hired a chauffeur to drive her to a fashionable Holly­ wood restaurant, made a grand entrance and then ordered a ham­ burger to go. 
• She secretly moved her hus­ band’s car while he was not around and at one point had him believing he was going crazy be­ cause he could not remember where he parked it. 
Mrs. West, the daughter of a 
Beverly Hills dress shop owner, died earlier this year following a crash in her beloved Ferrari. She was 37. 
Her estate has been the subject of a growing legal battle in which separate wills have been pro­ duced by two parties seeking her 
$5 million fortune 
The unusual burial request was contained in a 1972 will she wrote naming Sol West III, her brother- in-law, as chief beneficiary. 
But that will is being contested by San Antonio attorney 
Fred Semaan, who has a will written by Mrs. West last year. 
The Semaan will gives no de­ scription of how 
Mrs. 
West wished to be buried. 
The West will states: “ I request he (Sol West) respect his brother, mother and my wishes by burying me next to my husband in my lace nightgown . . . in my Fer­ rari, with the seat slanted com­ fortably. 
“ If a coffin is used other than for shipping, he is disinherited ex­ cept for $1o,ooo.” 
The Ferrari was a wedding pre­ sent from Mrs. West’s late hus­ band. Ike West. 
Mrs. West, a high school drop­ out, had a brief and unsuccessful 

 cud of coffee in a restaurant, then 

Mrs. Sandra West sits on top of the $2o,ooo Ferrari she asked to he buried in. 

 career as a model and actress be­ fore she married Robert Storr in 
196o 
That marriage ended in divorce several months later. 
In the early 6os, she met Sol 
West, a member of a prominent 
South Texas family with interests in oil and ranching. 
She dated Sol steadily until 1964 when he introduced her to his brother Ike. Several days after the meeting, she and Ike flew to 
Las Vegas and were married. 
The two were often seen in Las 
Vegas, Hollywood and San Anto­ nio where she dressed up in cowgirl garb to help the West family bid on livestock at the an­ nual 
San 
Antonio 
Livestock 
Show and Rodeo. 

Her husband died in 1968 and she became one of Hollywood’s night people. She dated several show business celebrities, includ­ ing Engelbert Humperdinck, and traveled around the world. 
“She was sometimes like a grand duchess,” one friend said. 
“She loved publicity and she loved pulling practical jokes.” 
During one cruise of the Carib­ bean, she called a friend in Texas at every port just to report on the progress of her travels. 
She had a strange habit of call­ ing people at odd hours of the night to chat. 
One one occasion, she offered her mother $5,ooo for a $1oo ring that once belonged to her father 
Skipper who refused to quit ship dreams of ordeal 

Captain Carlsen as he is today with his wife Agnes. 

A RUGGED sea captain who won world fame with his heroic effort to save his stricken cargo ship is still at sea...25 years later 
Today Kurt Carlsen operates a launch at Perth Amboy, N J. and enjoys a quiet life in retirement 
— but in 1952 the world held its breath while skipper Carlsen of the freighter Flying Enterprise battled a fierce Atlantic storm in an attempt to keep his ship afloat. 
He ordered his crew of 49 and 
IO passengers to broad rescue ships standing by — but he re­ fused to abandon the vessel. 
“ My duty is with the ship,” he told the Coast Guard. “ I ll stay 

Flashback to 1952: Listing heavily, the Flying Enterprise, with Carlsen still bravely aboard. is battered by waves in the North Atlantic 3oo miles from England. 

 with her and bring her in. Or I’ll watch her go down.” 
The Flying Enterprise started cracking up in a storm 3oo miles off the English coast, on a voyage from Hamburg to New York in 
January 1952. 
For eight days alone, Carlsen kept his perilous vigil aboard the ship, living off fruitcake and beer. 
Then he was joined by Kenneth 
Dancy, mate of the salvage tug 
Turmoil. 
For another eight days, Carlsen and Dancy stayed aboard the 
Flying Enterprise as it listed more and more dangerously to port. 
At last they were forced to dive to safety only minutes before the ship rolled over and disappeared beneath the waves. 
“ I remember the whole thing vividly,” 62-year-old Carlsen said this week. “ Even now, I still dream about it sometimes. 
“ If I had abandoned her, under the laws of salvage of the sea she d have been open to anyone to board her, get her to land and claim salvage money. That would have cost my employes millions. 
“As it was, I remained her master to the end, and no one could claim rights to her.” 

But her mother would not sell the item. 
By her own admission, she was also a heavy user of tranquilizers and amphetamines. 
Mrs. 
West’s housekeeper. 
Mildred Richards, told the judge who granted the burial request: 
“ My employer was fascinated with Egyptian history. I believe she got the idea for her burial plans from some of the ancient 
Egyptian customs such as being buried with their possessions and sometimes with their servants.” 
Although the legal dispute in­ volving the two wills is likely to drag on for vears, the judge ruled: “ My only concern is that the poor lady be buried as soon as possible.” 
HEARING-EAR 
DOGS LEARN 
TO AID DEAF 
DEAF people can now get dogs which “hear” for them. 
The dogs are being trained by the American Humane Associa tion in a pilot program. 
Since the program began, the association has trained and placed IO dogs in Denver, Colo. It plans to place another 15 in the homes of deaf people soon. 
Unlike seeing eye dogs, the 
“hearing ear” dogs do not have to be a specific breed or size. Aj> prentice trainer Joel Peters said the association 
“intentionally chooses homeless mixed-breed dogs that would otherwise be de­ stroyed.’’ 
The animals must be 6 to 18 months of age and able to pass tests for intelligence and tame­ ness. 
Dogs are trained to respond to knocks at the door, the doorbell, the telephone, an alarm clock, smoke detectors, and a crying ba­ by. The dog leads his master to the source of he sound 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

LAST Mother’s Day, my daughter decided to sit down and write a letter to each of her four children, telling them how they had pleased her throughout the year and how they had progressed in their atti­ tudes and growths. 
She was pleasantly surprised when she went to her 16-year-old son’s room and found that he had hung it on the wall in a prominent place among all the things that boys that age like to display. — 
Lurline Berg, Puyallup, Wash. 
IF YOU get the chance, what would you like to say to your children? Let us know your views. 
We'll pav $5 for every letter printed Write: CHILDREN, The 
San Antonio Star, P.O. Box 2171, 
San Antonio, Texas, 78297. 
L/nes Blake 

IT JUST crushed me to hear that 
Robert Blake will only make one more season of Baretta. Blake is my favorite actor, and of course 
Baretta is my favorite show. 
I even like to watch the TV commercials Blake makes. Let's hope the people in Hollywood can come up with another series for this sexy actor real soon. Sammie 
Henderson, Miami Beach, Fla. 
Surprise jxicket 

MY daughter wanted a new gown for the party she was going to and mentioned it to her husband. 
He saw one in a shop for only 
$25 so he thought he'd surprise her and bought it. 
When she opened the box she discovered it was a beautiful black negligee — Mrs. L. Shaugh- nessy. Middle Village, N.Y. 
Money sen yr 

A FRIEND of mine, with the as­ sistance of another, had taken down a huge tree in his front yard and cut it into manageable pieces. 
He was wondering how to get rid of it without the expense of hiring someone to haul it away. 
I got a great idea. I printed a 

Mother’s Day twist: 
Mom thanks her children 

Robert Blake: Reader sad that he’s leaving. See letter at left. large sign reading: 
“Valuable timber. Do not remove! ” and put it by the pile of wood. 
Next morning all the wood had disappeared. — Elmer Whittaker, 
Taunton, Mass. 
Amazing resem big nee 

A LITTLE over a year ago we sold the home in which we had 
Jived for 19 years. The year pre­ vious to the sale, our daughter, 
Debbie, died in a horseback riding accident. 
A young couple bought our home, and when my husband and 
I met them for the first time, we were amazed at the resemblance of the wife to our daughter — same build, height, hair color and style, even facial features. 
Many of our former neighbors have remarked about the re­ semblance, and think they are seeing Debbie again when Judy is out in the yard. — Ann Herda, Al­ bany, Mo. 
Sin-in-law 

ONE of my co-workers was be­ moaning the fact that her daugh­ 

 ter was living with a young man. 
She moaned: “ . . . besides every­ thing else, I don’t even know what to call him.” 
“Why don’t you call him your sin-in-law?” asked one of our co­ workers. — Mrs. A.S., New York, 
N.Y. 
Five smiles 

HERE’S a thoughtful sign I saw on a flower cart at the Phoenix, 
Ariz., airport: “Smile. If you see someone without a smile, give him or her yours.” — Elaine Ner- en, St. Paul, Minn. 
Hot time 

I WAS enjoying a relaxing shower under water as hot as I could stand it and my skin was becom­ ing quite red. 
I was oohing and aahing in en­ joyment, and as I am pregnant, my husband came in to see if I was all right. 
Seeing how red I was, he ex­ claimed: “Turn off that hot wa­ ter! The poor baby must be roast­ ing in there!” — Maxine Zannell, 
Jersey City, N.J. 
Snow Job 

I’M an elderly widow living alone, and during a big snowstorm crisis last winter, I was attempting to open a path in front of my house. 
A young man came driving past and saw me shoveling. He stopped his car, came over and did the job for me. 
Not only that, he refused to ac- 
Frog got kisses, but prince never showed up 

WHILE I was washing the dishes, my four-year-old daughter came in crying. When I asked her what was wrong, she replied: “I kissed 
Herman (her pet frog) five times but he won’t turn into a prince.” 
— Mary Brown, Salem. Mass. 
Real lady 

OUT of a clear sky, my daugh­ ter, Hollie, said, “Mommy, I’m a mature lady now. I have a pim­ ple.” — Cheryl Kappa, Chicago, 
111. 
Sham/x)o story 

BEFORE learning to shampoo her hair, Rita complained that I was doing a poor job. “Mom, you are using too much soap! You’re 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 putting on enough to wash one dwarf and seven snowsuits.” — 
Margaret W. Baatz, Sharon, Pa. 

Lucky pregnancy 

MY five-year-old daughter keeps asking for a baby brother. One day I said: "I guess I’m not lucky enough to get pregnant.” 
She brightened and said: “Go find a four-leaf clover and give it 
PLEASE PRAY FOR ... 
MYSELF AND OTHER GIRLS . . . who have tried very hard to get a 
Jaoyfriend, that some day they will find a boy to love. — V.V., San Anto­ nio, Tex. 
NANCY . . . who is very ill with leukemia and only 17 years old, that 
God will perform a miracle. — Mrs. R.H. Welch, Lowell, Ind. 
DEBRA, DEREK, DANNY, USA AND MYSELF . . . whose parents are divorcing and we are confused and don’t know whose side to join. 
— David LaPierre, Sterling Junction, Mass. 
MY SON . . . who is charged with armed robbery but I know he is inno­ cent, that they will find the one who actually did it. — R.S., Cleveland, 
Ohio. 
MY CHILDREN . . . who are nine and six and their mother has left them, that they can be taken care of properly. — D.W., Waverly, Tex. 
AND all the Star readers who asked for prayers. 

 to Daddy.” — Mrs. Joseph O'­ 
Brien, Ansonia, Conn. 
Fork it Pier 

ONE day, my three-year-old’s friend Gabriel came to spend the day. When I served lunch, I gave my kids regular forks and Gabriel got a toddler spoon. 
He looked up at me and said: 
“May I have a big fork, please? 
I’m trying to grow up.” — Lucin­ da Dittmar, Laporte, Ind. 
Yawn work 

MY three-year-old granddaughter had just received her new glasses and ran outside to show them off to her friends. I overheard her telling them all about how to clean them: “ You put them in your mouth and yawn on them.” 
— Beatrice Desrosier, St. Cather­ ines. Ontario, Canada. 
$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 
WE PAY $5 for each letter print­ ed. Address your letters to which­ ever section you are writing to: 
Things Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply, Liveliest Letters, fol­ lowed by The San Antonio Star, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas, 
78297. 
* 

 cept payment or even give his name. — Helen LeMunyon, Can­ ton, Ohio. 

Paffyni lions 

HERE'S my daffynitions to add to 
THE STAR S collection: Women’s lib — Adam-smasher; in-laws — advice squad; bus fare — Jack-in- the-box; gossip — knife of the party; grocery shopping — staple 

 chase: — Alice Norkin, New York 
N.Y. 

X im rd link 

MY friends and myself, all senior citizens, love THE STAR’S giant crossword, because it keeps us in touch. We phone each other, com­ paring answers. When one of us gets stumped, we call one of the others. It keeps us in touch more often than if we visited. —- Mrs. 
LL Marie Hanley, Jersey City, 
N.J. ley ha brio 

OCCASIONALLY my husband rushes off to work with his hair still wet from his morning show­ er. Because this winter was espe­ cially cold, I asked him to please dry his hair before going out. 
He replied: “ But my hair looks better when I have it freeze into place.” — Chris Brock, Storm 
Lake, Iowa 

DRIVER PUTS OUT FIRE - WITH BEER 

WHEN the carburetor of Norman Dietrick’s beer truck caught fire, he called the Beaumont, Tex., fire department immediately. 
Thinking he could do something to contain the blaze until the depart­ ment arrived, Dietrick went to the rear of his truck and grabbed a quart bottle of Pearl beer. 

He shook it vigorously, popped the cap and used his thumb to direct the spray at the engine. The fire went out. 

^ ^ O 
A 
M q . 

Class Rings at 
New Low Prices 

Announcing new low prices for 
IO karat gold. 

Ladies’ as low as $79.95 
M en’s as low as $89 .95 

Bring this ad. Save $5. 
$5 Off any class ring. 

STUDENT ACCOUNTS INVITED 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 
Zales Revolving Charge • Zales Custom Charge 
BankAmencard . Master Charge • Amencan Express 
Diners Club • Carte Blanche * Layaway 

• rn I S 
S mA 
I W 
M 
.nor™ HAR MUI 
Shop D o w n to w n 
• PERRIN Pl A Z A 
• u H ill wag f C lr v j S 
* * 
(m 
• windsor p a rr 
1 " e L J ia m o n d Store • w#lNUI s|ll,a|>! 
_ 
N e * B ra u n fe ls, I* . 
Fork Free With Purchase D ow ntow n 

P o rk Free With P u r p o s e D o w n to w n 

--------------- ------------------------------- -------------------------- Illustration enlarged 

Dinah Shore finds life gets 
Bv CHRISTINA K I R K 
_ even better at 6o 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 
DINAH SHORE is sailing into her 6os with the serenity of a woman who knows she still has a youthful vitality and a way with men. 
There is some confusion about how old Dinah is. According to 
Celebrity Register, and the CBS 
News Almanac, she passed the 6o mark on March I. 
But Dinah and her press agents point to the 1921 birthdate given in the World Almanac and Who’s 
Who which would make her only 
56. 
Dr. 
Lawrence 
Grossman, a heart specialist in 
Nashville, 
Tenn., who was in the same class with Dinah in high school and col­ lege, told THE STAR. 
“ Yes, we’re the sam e age. 
We’re both 6o But she s a young 
6o.’’ 
One can dispute her age, but there s no disputing the fact that she’s been a phenomenon for al­ most 4o years. 
As the Emmy-winning hostess of Dinah!, a 6o-minute, five-days- a-week talk show, she does 33o hours of television-a-year. 
On her days off, she promotes women’s pro golf with the annual 
Colgate-Dinah Shore Winners Cir­ cle, does specials, makes personal appearances and plays tennis. 
“ Dinah works harder than any­ one else I know,” said Charlie 
FYimerantz, her friend and long­ time press agent. 
“ In her life, work doesn’t inter­ fere with living. Dinah does it right. She has an ideal life with interests in everything.” 
One of her primary interests is men. 
“ My whole life and career has been molded by, directed by and shared with m en,” she once said, 
“ I love them, I want them and I need them .” 
- 
Two m arital failures and a re­ cently ended romance with Burt 
Reynolds have not dimmed that interest. 
Since her breakup with Rey­ nolds, who is 18 years her junior, 
Dinah has avoided the Hollywood party scene. 
“ But,” a friend said, “She's quietly seeing several men, in­ cluding one well-known actor who’s been a periodic guest on her show over the last two or three years. v 
“They play tennis together on the private court she has at her house in Beverly Hills.” 
Men respond to Dinah in a cu­ rious way when they meet her for the first time. 
Robert Shaw’ told her on the air that he wanted to have an affair with her. 
Warren Beatty said: “ I don't know what it is about you, but I look at you and immediately start thinking double entendre.’’ 
Barry New’mari left the show and told a syndicated columnist he wanted to date Dinah. 
“ Men are moved by her warmth and the fact that she makes them feel masculine and im portant,” one of her show crew explained. 
Reynolds succumbed 

Dinah at 27: Doing one of her favorite songs for a group of American soldiers in France. 

‘ I just love men; I want them and need them9 

*A woman must use her femininity as an asset9 
The Dinah swing sports. I think it 
: “ Tm a nut on helps so much.” 

With movie star George Montgomery: 
Their marriage went sour after 19 years. 
Sharing a laugh with Burt Reynolds: They went together for five years then he decided to call it quits. 
With former President Ford at 
Winner’s Circle golf tournament. 

 to the same appeal when he first met Dinah as a guest on her show. In front of millions of view­ ers, he invited her to go away with him for the weekend. 
“ She’s a very special lady,” 
Burt said. “She’s bright and has a ton of class. It’s really great when a woman has a 25-year-old body and a brain m atured by ex­ perience.” 
When Dinah was asked to ex­ plain how a woman her age could attract and hold a younger man, she replied: 
“ Ifs all in your attitude. You keep your interest alive as far as your man goes, and keep him surging. 
“ You keep yourself looking young with exercise, take care with what you eat, what you think and what you feel. You have to make a man, particularly a youn­ ger man, feel he is the most im­ portant thing in your life. You act as though he is your first love and there is no other man in the world except him .” 
Dinah followed her own advice in trying to please Burt and keep him happy. 
She turned her whole schedule around so she would be through at 
*|f there is one thing 
I’ve learned, ifs that you don’t trust men* 

6:3o p m. wnen Burt objected to her coming home at IO. She flew to remote film locations to visit him and flew home with his laun­ dry'. 
Both kept saying that m arriage was not in the picture. 
“ I’m naturally gunshy,” said 
Dinah, pointing to the failure of her 19-year m arriage to actor 
George Montgomery and a one- year union with Maurice S. Smith, a Palm Springs building contrac­ tor. 
Eventually it was Burt who decided he did not want to contin­ ue the relationship. 
“ It s like breaking up with the 
American flag,” he said. “ Dinah was the great love of my life. But once you get past the fireworks stage, to pass on to the next stage gracefully, and then on to the next stage is really difficult.” 
Dinah allowed herself one mo­ ment of bitterness. 
“ If there’s one thing 
Iv e learned,” she said, “ Ifs that you don’t trust men. They’re adora­ ble, but more for gamesmanship than trustm anship.” 
Dinah rarely admits to a dark thought and has been criticized by people who contend her cheerful image is a tiresome affectation. 
“ I guess I’m cursed with opti­ mism,” she said. “ But I do get upset at times. And when I’m really upset I sleep more and wash my hair a lot.” 
Dinah believes overcoming dis­ appointments and advantages in life bbs made her a stronger per- 

 contributed to her sue- 
“ if you let your body slump son and cess. 
She didn t have a particularly happy childhood. 
Her parents quarreled a lot and she had polio when she was quite young. 
But she overcame the disease and won a beauty contest when she was 15. After high school, she attended 
Vanderbilt 
University where she was a cheerleader and president of her sorority. 
A year after graduating, NBO hired her as a fill-in singer. She remained with NBC for 35 years and rapidly climbed to the top. In 
1974, she switched to CBS. 
“ From the beginning, I have spent a lot of money on clothes,” she said. “ I was never pretty, and you have to have something going for you.” 
She also put a lot of effort into keeping her 5' 6” figure at about 
127 pounds. 
She doesn’t diet, though. 
She prefers to work off any ex­ cess pounds playing tennis or swimming, 
“ I’m a nut on sports,” Dinah said “ I think it helps everyone so much.” 
• She enjoys tennis and plays well,” said tennis pro Dennis 
Ralston. “She has a tendency to hit the ball a little high, but she has no glaring weaknesses 
“She plays like she were 
39-years-old, and certainly as well as a lot of the younger gals around.” 
Dinah is also concerned with her posture. 

 when you sit, everything goes out of shape,” she explained. “ You get rolls where you don’t have rolls. 
“ Balance is the most important part of posture The key is to be completely natural, never rigid or posed. Another vital ingredient is self-confidence." 
Dinah has learned over the years to use her quite considera­ ble femininity, too. 
“ I believe a woman must use her femininity as an asset not a weapon. I have used mine. I’ve used my voice, my brains, every resource at my command. 
“ Men use their masculinity to reach their goals. Women should use their femininity the same way. 
“ I also value my individuality. 
But I think of my life as incom­ plete unless I am sharing it with a man I love I know the difficul­ ties of m arriage, but I also know the rew ards.” 
Today Dinah is a free spirit, charting her own course and seemingly more relaxed than ever before. 
She lives alone in a one-bed­ room house with her three dogs. 
Her children are on their own. 
She drinks a little but doesn’t smoke. 
“ I think she is indestructible,” her old friend and form er pianist- arranger Ticker Freeman said. 
“ Dinah’s never going to get old.- 
She s the only one ot us who doesn’t age." 

Follow 
The 
Star's SUPlRFimSS mn an for im suM m 

NOW is the time to get totally fit and healthy - for the slimmer—and to learn to stay that way for the rest of your life. 
Starting this week. THE STAR offers you an amazing health program that will make you feel better, physically and mentally, than you have ev­ er believed possible. 
The program will be fully detailed here in forth­ coming issues of TUE STAR, but for maximum benefit it’s essential you begin with this install­ ment. 
Dr. C. Norman Shealy, a prominent neurosur­ geon whose patients have included John F. Kenne­ dy and George Wallace, designed the program to produce superfitness through body’ ana mind har­ mony. 
Patients using these techniques have saved themselves from cancer, reduced their medical costs, found more vigor and achieved peace of mind that en­ ables them to live comfortably in the stressful modem world. Dr. 
Shealy will show you: 
** • A meditative technique to help fight illness and disease and heal faster if you do get sick. 
• An exercise program that takes just minutes a day and can save your life. 
• A sensible nutrition program that lets you eat well but steers vou away from truly harmful foods. 
Key to this exciting new health plan is Biogenies, a word coined by Dr. Shealy to describe his ap­ proach to health that emphasizes body and mind harmony.' 
“In our superfitness plan, your bodv is relaxed and physiological­ ly balanced.'’ said Dr. Shealy. 
“Your mind is poised, alert and at peace. 
“ If, while in a state of mental and physical harmony, you place yourself in touch with your own higher spiritual self, the God force within you, then you can re fleet upon and analyze'your prob­ lems and integrate them into a more harmonious life. 
“This program leads to har­ mony or balance of body, mind and spirit. Imbalances are dis­ ease. Learn to balance!” 
Follow THE STAR and Dr. 
Shealy will teach you how to bal­ ance. It can be the healthiest les­ son you’ve ever learned. 

CHICK YOUR STRESS LEVEL 
THIS chart, developed by psychiatrists 
Thomas H. Holmes and Richard H. Rake at the University of Washington School of Med­ icine, is used by businesses and sports teams to predict illness and injury. It rates stress­ ful situations on a scale of I to IM. As your total score increases, so does your chance of getting sick or burt: 

EVENT 
SCALE OF IMPACT 

START BY GETTING RID OF 

STRESS is the major barrier to good health, and my super­ fitness technique is partly a way to beat stress. 
It would be nice just to avoid stress, but that is im­ possible. 
Hardly a day passes that we don't feel at least cxie stressful negative emotion. 
Late for work? Driving in traffic? Then there are taxes, political problems, war, infla­ tion, death, cancer, crime. 
‘ Read any newspaper, listen to the radio, or worst of all, watch television and you’ve had a good strong dose of stress. 
Medical research has shown that as varied as stress-producing situations may be — and regardless of whether they are pleasant or unpleasant — the human body responds with similar biochemical changes. 
These changes, can ruin your health. A major patholo­ gy textbook reasons that all illness or disease is reaction to stress. 
Tests have shown that men­ tal and emotional stress low­ ers resistance to disease. 
Psychiatrists have studied various stress-producers and 

By Dr. C. Norman 
Shealy 

 evaluated their effects on health <See the table, right). 
A major purpose of this health program is to teach you and your body how to deal with stress. 
Reacting to stress is not only unavoidable but a very necessary element of life. 
But it is possible to avoid ov­ erreactions by first under­ standing the workings of stress. Then it’s necessary to establish a philosophy of life and a style of living to allow for your adjusting more read­ ily to the inevitable stressful 

 situations that go along with being alive. It is definitely possible to regulate your reaction to stress. The more you learn to control such reactions, the happier and healthier you should be. 
It is essential, of course, to seek proper medical care for any real illness. Self-diagno­ sis or treatment of any symp- ton or disease is not recom­ mended. 
Biogenics is a technique you may use to come to grips with yourself to avoid unnec­ essary wear and tear on your body and mind. 
If you have asthma, an ac­ tive peptic ulcer, angina pec­ toris, epilepsy, or uncon­ trolled high blood pressure, or are under psychiatric treatment, you should not be­ gin the mental and physical exercises in this program without doctor’s approval. 
In general, however, these relaxation-balancing tech­ niques are safe and health- promoting and will not inter­ fere with any standard medi­ cal therapy. 
Indeed, they will assist your physician’s treatment program by helping you mini­ mize the distress of many life events. 

Death of spouse 
IOO 
Divorce 
73 
Marital Separation 
o5 
Jail Term 
63 
Death of close family member 
63 
Personal injury or illness 
53 
Marriage 
5o 
Fired at work 
47 
Marital reconciliation 
45 
Retirement 
45 
Change in health oi family member 
44 
Pregnancy 
4o 
Sex difficulties 
39 
Gain of new family member 
39 
Business readjustment 
39 
Change in financial state 
38 
Death of close friend 
37 
Change to different line of work 36 
Change in number of arguments with spouse 
, 
35 
Mortgage over $1o,ooo 
31 
Foreclosure of mortgage or loan 3o 
Change in responsibilities at work 29 
Son or daughter leaving home 
29 
Trouble with in-laws 
29 
Outstanding personal achievement 28 
Wife begins or stops work 
26 
Begin or end school 
26 
Change in living conditions 
25 
Revision of personal habits 
24 
Trouble with boss 
23 
Change in work conditions 
2o 
Change in residence 
2o 
Change in schools 
2o 
Change in recreation 
19 
Change in church activities 
19 
Change in social activities 
18 
Mortgage or loan less than $1o,ooo 17 
Change in sleeping habits 
16 
Change in number of family get-togethers 
15 
Change in eating habits 
15 
Vacation 
13 
Christmas 
12 
Minor violations of the law ll 

FSychBBomatiC Research IT Z IM M . JMP. 

How your emotions control the health of your body 

CERTAIN emotional stresses tend to affect specific organs of the body. 
Hidden or unresolved rage has a bad effect upon the heart and blood vessels. 
Asthma, like most disturbances caused by the emotions is asso­ ciated with anxiety, jealousy, ex­ treme anger, and most forms of sadden, Intense upset. 
Constipation is another distur­ bance In which patients typically have a depressed, pessimistic, de­ featist attitude. 
Most patients with high blood pressure have problems of hidden liostility. Such patients may suffer extreme anxiety cr a sense cf as a result of their anger, because they cannot control their feelings, they destroy them­ selves Instead of the objects of their rage. 
Migraine sufferers are often ambitious, reserved, outwardly relaxed and dignified, sensitive, 

COPYRIGHT 1977, 
9o Days To Self- 
Health, by C. Norman Shealy, M.D., 
(The Dial Press, New York, *7.95) 

 lack 8 sense of humor and sexual adjustment. Skin disorders such as blushing, skin pallor, goose pimples, bristling of the hair and excess sweating are reactions to emotional stress, as are eczema, itching, edema or swelling, sud­ den loss of hair, psoriasis, and most allergic rashes. 
The relation of rheumatoid ar­ thritis to emotional disturbance is also well-documented. The dis­ ease is often associated with hos­ tility, rebellion, resentment and 

 guilt that accompanies such feel­ ings. Even accidents are motion related. 
Although clumsiness, fatigue, and absent-mindedness are often cited as causing acci­ dents, certain people have many accidents while others never do. 
Emotional stress—in such forms as fear, anger, or guilt—is really contagious, especially among those who are most inti­ mately related. 
Attitudes and emotions are most strongly conveyed to chil­ 

 dren, and often a lifetime of dis­ tress is set up when a child is ex­ posed to stress in the home. 
Under hypnosis, many seriously disturbed patients have recalled devastating childhood or infant events that started a pattern of continuing emotional stress and physiological imbalance. 
Apparently, our most common symptom of stress is headache, most often coming from sustained contraction of neck muscles caused by the tension. Muscles 

 throughout the body, representing the greatest bulk of tissue, are also responsible for many other symptoms. 
Backaches and leg and arm pains, for example, are often due to chronic muscle tension—called 
“armoring” by the great psychia­ trist Wilhelm Reich. 

Dissatisfaction and resentment, fear, and almost any type of re­ strained emotions all lead to body armoring, or tense muscles. 

QOS! YOUR EYES, TAKE A DEEP BREATH-AND START TO GET FIT 
C 

SINCE stress builds physical and emotional tension, our superfit­ ness program begins with relaxa­ tion. 
Your ability to relax may even­ tually be the determining factor in preventing disease or death. 
Once you learn the various tech­ niques, you will become so acute­ ly aware of the functions of your body that you will know where stress is affecting you and you’ll 

 be able to avoid such wasteful wear and tear. 
The first step in relaxing is to find a comfortable position. For most people this means lying flat on your back with hands ana legs uncrossed. 
If you’re sitting, you should have your back as straight as pos­ sible, legs and arms uncrossed and In a restful position. 
Your next goal is to achieve 

 fixed concentration — to focus your attention upon a specific mental activity so distracting thoughts and emotions don’t inter­ fere. 
Always begin by closing your eyes and taking a deep breath. 

Enjoy the pleasure of feeling yourself breathe. 
Each exercise is to be done three times a day: when you wake up, during the day, and be­ fore going to sleep. 
Now let’s begin: 
EXERCISES DESIGNED TO fc 
RELAX YOU -On next page f 

SUKRFITNESS 
Relaxation plan: Days 1 -6 

SEE PRECEDING PAGE 

ASSUME your posture, close your eyes, and breath slowly in and out. 
As you breathe in, say quietly to yourself, “ I am” as you breathe out, say to yourself, “ relaxed.” 
To start, you may count on your fingers 4o deep. slow breaths. 
This will take about IO minutes. 
Soon you will learn to judge for yourself how long IO minutes is and to stop at the proper time. 
Remember, stay awake, and enjoy the experience. 
End by taking a deep breath, opening your eyes, and stretching comfortably to feel all the parts of your body reawakening. 
Relaxation is, in reality, a tech­ nique for deep body rest or sleep while the mind remains con­ scious. 
The second time you practice today, say to yourself and do what you say: 
I visualize the number “3.” I take a deep breath, continuing to visualize “3,” and I repeat 3-3-3 as I breathe out. 
I visualize the number “2.” I take another deep, pleasant breath, and as I breathe out, I re­ peat 2-2-2. 
I visualize the number “ I.” I take a deep, pleasant breath, and as I breathe out, I repeat I i i. 
I feel myself relaxing deeper and deeper I deepen the relaxa tion by visualizing myself step­ ping onto the top of an escalator, and I breathe deeply and slowly in and out. 
And as I see myself descending on the escalator, into a deeper and deeper state of relaxation, I count 1o-9-8-7 -£-5-4-3-2-1 
I am now deeply and pleasantly relaxed. 
Now take a deep breath, open your eyes, and stretch to reawak­ en all the parts of your body. 
The third time you practice to­ day, proceed this way. 
Relax, close your eyes. Then, as you breathe in. imagine you are breathing in through your feet, and as you breathe out, imagine that your breath is washing out and cleansing your feet. (Repeat to IO breaths.) 
Then do the same for your: legs, pelvis, abdomen, back, chest, arms, neck, head, body as a whole. 
This is one of the most impor­ tant exercises in our program. If you have free time during the day, spend a few minutes breath­ ing this way, inhaling through your body as a whole and clean­ sing your body as you breathe out through your entire body. 

ASSUME your position. 
Close your eyes. Take a deep breath and let it out slowly Then with each deep, slow breath in, say to yourself: I am. 
As you breathe out slowly, say to yourself , calm and serene. 

Continue for IO minutes. Termi­ nate each exercise just as on Day 
I, by taking a deep breath, open­ ing your eyes and stretching com­ fortably to feel all parts of your body awakening. 
DAY 3 

ASSUME position. 
Close your eyes. Take a deep breath slowly in and out. (These instructions should be followed to begin every exercise.) 
As you breathe in, say to your­ self: 
I am. 
At the same time imagine that the electrical energy of your body is circulating over the top of your body from the tips of your toes to the top of your head. 
As you breathe out, say to your­ self: relaxed. 

AS you breathe in, say to your­ self: 
I am. 
Imagine that the electrical en­ ergy of your body is coursing down the back of your body from the top of your head into the soles of your feet. 
Repeat for 4o breaths, or IO minutes, and end as usual. 

As you breathe out, say to your­ self: one. 

The implication is “at one” or in harmony with life, the uni­ verse, and God. 
DAY 5 

AS you breath in, say to yourself: 
I am. 
As you breath out, say. love. 
Feel the emotion of love as you do your exercise. 
DAY 6 

TODAY you practice energy bal­ ance, a technique used by a num­ ber of workers in the field. 
Place your left hand with the little finger just at the base of the skull in the center of the back of your neck and your right hand over the upper abdomen with the little finger lying over the navel. 
Then close your eyes and take 
16 deep, slow, complete breaths. 
This should take approximately 4 minutes. 
Now reverse your hands, with the right hand on the back of the neck at the base of the skull and the left hand over the upper abdo­ men with the little finger over the navel. 
Again, take 
16 deep, slow breaths. 
Finally, place your left hand again on the back of your neck at the base of the skull and place your right hand over the midline in your groin or pubic area and take a final 16 breaths slowly in and out. 

MORE EXERCISES AND 
SUPERFITNESS TIPS 
IN THE STAR NEXT WEEK 

David and Ellie Janssen sharing a happy moment before their divorce rocked Hollywood. 
Harriet Bronson: “I couldn't go back to the fantasy world I lived in with Charlie." 
Stars' ex-wives are happy in their new work 
THE FORMER wives of Hollywood’s wealthy superstars are getting rich on their own — as highly-successful career women. 
Broken marriages have left a string of divorcees in the film capital of America. But instead of spending the days basking by swimming pools, the women have carved out their own careers. 

Elaine Young: She became real estate agent after divorcing Gig. 

One ex-wife told THE STAR: ‘ sitting at home living on money they got from their husbands. All of the ones I know are very prod­ uctive.” 
• HARRIET BRONSON who preceded Jill Ireland as wife of granite-faced Charles 
Bronson, was shattered when their 16-year marriage ended in 1965 But now she s a successful author and ra­ dio personality. 
“ I was thrown into liberation when I got my divorce, and now 
I’m a completely different per­ son,” she said. “ I started to think for myself.” 
After the divorce, she joined an acting workshop and later landed a spot on an all-night talk show 
Later she took over as hostess of the show. 
“ I’m no longer interested in the world of fantasy, but only in the world of reality,” she said. 
“ I could never go back to the fantasy world I used to live in with 
Charlie. I liked what I was doing then, but I also love what I’m doing now.” 
• ELLIE 
JANSSEN, former 
’wife of Harry O actor David Jans sen has become a successful bust nesswoman. 
“ I tried my hand at several business ventures after the split 

I can’t think of any who are just 

By ADAM EDWARDS 

U.S., once world’s richest nalfraris now No. 3 

THE U.S. is no longer the richest industrial nation in the world. It has slipped into third place behind 
Sweden and Switzerland. 
The ratings were released by the World Bank, which also found that Russia, Japan and the na­ tions of Western Europe were gaining on the U.S. 
“ We were the leaders until 1974, so you can see how quickly things have changed,” said Congress­ man Joseph M. Gaydos. 
“ It is imperative that we adjust our thinking to accommodate these new statistics,” he told THE 
STAR. “Our country is no longer the richest. Therefore, it should not continue to bear the heaviest per capita responsibility in world affairs.” 
By dividing a nation’s gross na­ tional product by its population, the World Bank found the U S. has $6,64o per person. 
Blk Sweden has $6,72o and 
Switzerland $6,65o. In addition, the 

Bureau of Labor Statistics rep­ orts that U.S. workers now rank fifth in per hour pay behind work­ ers in Sweden, Belgium, 
West 
Germany and Canada. 
In Sweden, the average worker makes $6.93 an hour while in the 
U.S. he makes $6.o7. 

“The U.S. worker (should not) be taxed harshly to fund givea­ way programs and make dona­ tions to the United Nations far in excess of the per capita contribu­ tions of those better off,” Gaydos said. 
“Why should the US. spend more per person on a military es­ tablishment than others who live secure under the common defense umbrella which we provide9 ” 

 with David,” she said. “ I always fell back on my good, old stand-by 
—interior decorating.” 
Last fall, she gave that up for a time to work for the Democratic party. Among other things, she designed a gold plated peanut to sell for them. 
“ For a long time after David and I divorced, I just wouldn’t al­ low myself to think about another marriage,” she said. 
“ But now I’m beginning to look at things a bit differently. If I ev­ er met the right man I probably would marry again.” 
• ELAINE 
YOUNG, former wife of actor Gig Young, is Holly­ wood’s top real estate agent. 
“When I knew it was going to be divorce for us, I set up in real estate,” she said. “ I knew I could do well on my own and I have. I think 
I’ve done fantastically well.” 
Elaine’s clients include Tom 
Jones, Peter Sellers, Robert Wag­ ner and Natalie Wood 
Her latest sale was a $2 million estate to King Kong producer Di­ ne De Laurentiis. 
“ When you’re selling a home to someone in the movie industry, you get to know them intimate­ ly,” she said. “ But it’s a tough de manding job and you’ve got to give it your all.” 

• JOANNE CARSON, second wife of three-times-wed talk show host Johnny Carson, has become a successful dietician since their divorce in 1972. 

“ I became interested in nutri­ tion following a serious illness,” she said. “ Before you knew it, I was in business.” 

Today, her clients include d o r­ is Leachman, Jennifer Jones and the Paul Newman family. 

“The usual way I get new clients is that someone has had fabulous results, loses 2o pounds, looks gorgeous and feels great.” she said. 

“They start talking about it and before long, their friends want to consult with me also.” 

Joanne said her doctor has also recommended patients. 

^Horoscope C a^)das^^m ay rn 
By Laurie Brady 
SUNDAY 

ARIES: Tray#! is aa tbs agvodo. Kaw ideas aroused. 
TAURUS: You bay* the right to get more far year cash. 
GEMINI: Year laved anes art feeling nervous, restless. 
SAUCER: Family members ar boss make yea emotional. 
LEO; There is same tarmeii in year immediate {Mans. 
VIRGO: Check the fine print af financial offers. 
LIBRA: Cycle high bat close associates make demands. 
SCORPIO: You feel like yea are lasing control. 
SAGITTARIUS:!© insist yee’rt right may end friendship 
CAPRICORN: Same unexpected matters tome ap. 
AQUARIUS: Yea’re set en something that may sot fail. 
.PISCES: Avoid sharp words whoa discussing finances. 

ARIES: You might be better oft with a handshake. 
TAURUS: You get more territory or responsibility. 
GEMINI: Watch what you say to in-laws. 
CANCER: You could dribble away energy and finances. 
LEO; Cycle low. Avoid sarcasm to avoid disputes. 
VIRGO: You find it hard to be fair to co-workers. 
LIBRA: Children and loved ones are expensive today. 
SCORPIO: Be sure of what you are buying for home. 
SAGITTARIUS: Be careful what you put in writing. 
CAPRICORN: Danger of misrepresentation in finances. 
AQUARIUS: Cycle high, but don't over-reach yourself. 
PISCES: You'll need to exert patience with others. 

 fig* 

ARIES: A pleasant day with a variety of activities. 
TAURUS: Cycle high. Make new starts and centaets. 
^ GEMINI: Gossip only adds to your currant problems. 
CANCER: Social life is meaningful. Have a nice day. 
LEO: Aim high. You can win if you are confident. 
VIRGO: Geed time for travel or broaden your mind. 
LIBRA: Get money matters straight Involving ethers. 
SCORPIO: Play waiting game for best results. 
SAGITTARIUS; Work and hnaitb ara highlighted. 
CAPRICORN: Children, loved ones make for good day. 
AQUARIUS: Some home remodeling may be discussed. 
PISCES: Spend a day with relatives and neighbors. 

MONDAY 

ARIES: Protect your valuables and your relationships. 
TAURUS: Apologize to co-workers if necessary. 
GEMINI: Your job bicornes more interesting, rewarding 
CANCER: Long range plans may be subject to revision. 
LEO: Property or home areas emphasized. 
VIRGO: Ideas are more workable. Short trip possible. 
LIBRA: Question of money arises. Get fair deal. 
SCORPIO: Cycle continues high. Make fresh starts. 
SAGITTARIUS: Share knowledge. Kinsman is depressed 
CAPRICORN: Don’t try to buy friendships, love today. 
AQUARIUS: Review your ambitions. Success delayed. 
PISCES: Stress is on chang*, travel, variety of life. 

TUESDAY 
WEDNESDAY 
THURSDAY 
SATURDAY 

9 

ARIES: Soak company atter all the confusion clears. 
TAURUS: Curb jealous urges until tricky time passes. 
GEMINI: Avoid mixups iii travel. Disappointments. 
CANCER: Finances may bo a basis for an argument, 
LEO: Cycle low. Don't lot temporary letdown worry. 
VIRGO: Avoid emotions that affect your health, work. 
LIBRA: Romano# and yenng ones figure heavily. 
SCORPIO: Be mere lenient and taee less opposition. 
SAGITTARIUS: Delay shopping, watch what you say. 
CAPRICORN: You can expect a delay in finances.. 
AQUARIUS: Take Initiative hut don't offend nthers. 
PISCES: Oon’t reveal aH. You are mere sensitive. 
16 

ARIES: Avoid quarrels, rash actions with kinsmen. 
TAURUS: Danger of accidents. Sign no papers. 
GEMINI: There can be quarrels because of money. 
CANCER: Avoid recklessness. Emotions are high. 
LEO: Force no issue. Rest up as vitality is low. 
VIRGO: Avoid disputes with overindulging friends. 
LIBRA: Boss or parent is difficult to deal with. 
SCORPIO: Do not drink and avoid all excesses. 
SAGITTARIUS: Quarrels over money should be avoided 
CAPRICORN: Finances are ticklish. Mate is touchy. 
AQUARIUS: Avoid troubles at work. Be patient. 
PISCES: Make light of frustrations, develop talents. 

\ 

 iopio 

ARIES: Dont bo impatient with mate. Avoid disputes. 
TAURUS: Your timing leaves much to he desired. 
GEMINI: Romance finds rough turf, contusion reigns. 
CANCER: Family may give you problems over lifestyle. 
LEO: A letter or phone call upsets you today. 
VIRGO: Earning powers stirred up. avoid sash problems. 
LIBRA: Events occur swiftly. Avoid quarrels. 
SCORPIO: Careful to soothe those who make trouble. 
SAGITTARIUS: Quarrelsome friends upset your plans. 
CAPRICORN; Boss ar parent has a chip on shoulder. 
AQUARIUS: A restless urge hits hut plans are snafued. 
PISCES: Financial quarrels prove to be upsetting. 

ARIES: Do not be discouraged about a temporary loss. 
TAURUS: A disappointment but otherwise good day. 
GEMINI: Current problems expand your consciousness. 
CANCER: Friends may not keep an appointment. 
LEO: You feel impatient with older person. 
VIRGO: Moods are unsettling but lead to benefits. 
LIBRA: Be sincere in all financial dealings. 
SCORPIO: Your judgment is off. Let others lead. 
SAGITTARIUS: Pressure exists but hard work pays off. 
CAPRICORN: A child or loved ones are indecisive. 
AQUARIUS: A fragile relationship is upset at home. 
PISCES: Your moods make you vulnerable. 

ARIES: Fall Moon warns you to protect your valuables. 
TAURUS: Full Moon in your sign makes yea stubborn. 
GEMINI: A sleepless night makes day more disturbing. 
CANCER: Yay ara mort tvnsttive, touchy with friends. 
LED: Home and carter plans fight tor supremacy. 
VIRGO: Long range plans suggest yea delay decisions. 
LIBRA: Financial problems reach their culmination. 
SCORPIO: FuN Moon makes you lose self-control. 
SAGITTARIUS: Avoid had thoughts. You get a lift. 
CAPRICORN: Friends interfere with your plans, 
AQUARIUSrParents. kinsmen, boss are emotional today 
PISCES: Th* hast laid plans are subject to change. 
1o 
ARIES: Exchange ideas with well-known friends. 
TAURUS: Accent on goals, career, community standing 
GEMINI: You try to be every place at once. 
CANCER: Use practical approach in finances. 
LEO: Forces tend to be scattered. Wait for now. 
VIRGO: Basic issues dominate in work and health. 
LIBRA: Affairs of the heart, children dominate scene. 
SCORPIO: You work harder in the home area now. 
SAGITTARIUS: Mental forces good and optimism rises. 
CAPRICORN: New approach to finances brings gain. 
AQUARIUS: Judgment and intuition emphasized. 
PISCES: Don’t reveal all. Moon enters your sign. 
17 

23 

ARIES: You can get into trouble with loved ones. 
TAURUS: Domestic obstacles must he overcome. 
GEMINI: An unexpected short trip may bo neeoss&ry. 
CANCER: One who advises you may bo erratic. 
LEO: Cycle high. Watch upsets with women tonight. 
VIRGO: Revealed secret works to your advantage. 
LIBRA: Today is a good day socially. 
SCORPIO: Unexpected changes at home possible. 
SAGITTARIUS: A loss tonight warns against gambles. 
CAPRICORN: Funds, taxes or insurance concern you. 
AQUARIUS: Use patience. Avoid annoyances tonight. 
PISCES: Avoid indiscreet actions in the p.m. 
3o 

ARIES: Control impatience with delays today. 
TAURUS: Cycle low. Refuse to be left holding bag. 
GEMINI: Distasteful chore mars your holiday. 
CANCER: Children and loved ones drain your vitality. 
LEO: Family moods tend to interfere with plans. 
VIRGO: A delay crops up in your travel plans. 
LIBRA: A bill makes you short of cash, confidence. 
SCORPIO: Obstacles try to prevent you from leading. 
SAGITTARIUS: You experience certain misgivings. 
CAPRICORN: You may not feel like much socializing. 
AQUARIUS: Professional obligations may interfere. 
PISCES: There may be delays in travel plans. 

ARIES: New Moon brings fiscal insights. 
TAURUS: This is a special power day. 
GEMINI: Finish important tasks. Your ESP is high. 
CANCER: A friend is able to give you a big boost. 
LEO: A temporary Mock in career area does not inst. 
VIRGO: A restless urge promises travel within month. 
LIBRA: Good financial lack hinges or partner or matt. 
SCORPtD* You are at the low point of your cycle. 
SAGITTARIUS: Yoe can get work if you're jobless. 
CAPRICORN: A good time for new relationships. 
AQUARIUS: You may think of moving. Avoid conflicts, 
PISCES: Mail, phone oaiis increase, stimulating you. 
24 

ARIES: Loved ones make you excitable and irritable. 
TAURUS: Others are impatient, change their minds. 
GEMINI: Use care with machinery or other vehicles. 
CANCER: You won’t realize value of things sold. 
LEO: Beware not to antagonize others. Avoid sarcasm, 
VIRGO: You feel restless, dissatisfied and are led astray 
LIBRA: There may be a catch in financial deal. 
SCORPIO: Beware of the sarcastic tongue that stings. 
SAGITTARIUS: You tend to say things you should not. 
CAPRICORN: Put off making financial decisions. 
AQUARIUS: Avoid separations from loved ones. 
PISCES: Use care with machines, don't cause trouble, 
31 

ARIES: Build for tho future. Make vacation plans. 
TAURUS: Learn details of tax or insurance matter. 
GEMINI: Got to bod carty. Tomorrow is frustrating. 
CANCER; You meet someone under rare circumstance, 
LEO: You art ravenous for adventure tonight. 
VIRGO: You will get fresh insights or? the future. 
LIBRA: Get everything in order for busy days ahead. 
SCORPIO: Put your plans into action. Work harder. 
SAGITTARIUS: Moon outers your sign. Take the lead. 
CAPRICORN: Put cath, other valuables in safe. 
AQUARIUS: A bright social evening tops off day. 
PISCES: An inspired project fulfills you, 

ARIES: Your plans are advancing nicely today. 
TAURUS: Be a shrewd observer if money is concerned. 
GEMINI: Cycle low. Play a waiting game temporarily. 
CANCER: Many claims will be made on your services. 
LEO: Use your talents. Stop criticizing loved ones. 
VIRGO: Protect your security and home area. 
LIBRA: Make no promises that are hard to keep. 
SCORPIO: Add to your savings, review finances. 
SAGITTARIUS: You are in the right place at right time. 
CAPRICORN: Behind the scenes occurrences affect you 
AQUARIUS: A joyful day with friends, loved ones. 
PISCES: Your pet ambition could be easily fulfilled. 
11 

ARIES: Words of caution still hold good today. 
TAURUS: Friends become involved in your ambitions. 
GEMINI: Set goals, priorities. Finish what you start. 
CANCER; Your thoughts are distant. Changes coming. 
LED: Beware of financial premise. Get it in writing. 
VIRGD: Don't commit yourself. Patience is your ally. 
LIBRA: Finish what you start. Details irritate. 
SCORPIO: Dont mix love, money. Deception involved. 
SAGITTARIUS: Things you buy today may fail apart, 
CAPRICORN: This is an active day but be careful. 
AQUARIUS: Money and unrealistic promises dont mix. 
PISCES: Cyclo is high. Be confident but wary, 
18 
ARIES: You have a red-hot urge to move ahead. 
TAURUS: Moon, Jupiter bring more monetary success. 
GEMINI: Pursue encouragement you get from others. 
CANCER: Renew yourself with a smashing purchase. 
LEO: An important friend can help you attain goals. 
VIRGO: A major career jump is in your future. 
LIBRA: Good news or cash gift from a distance. 
SCORPIO: Other people's cash made available to you. 
SAGITTARIUS: Don’t go overheard in your enthusiasms. 
CAPRICORN: You are more confident and get promoted. 
AQUARIUS: New Moon brims with lucky friends to help. 
PISCES: New Moon shines on home. Buy something. 
25 

ARIES; You are warned not to antagonize underlings, 
TAURUS: There5!! be squabbles tonight. 
GEMINI: Quarter Moon brings minor conflict at home. 
CANCER: AH siblings are feisty and uncooperative. 
LEO: Don’t fumble advantages that come your way. 
VIRGO: Cycle high but good luck is hard to take. 
LIBRA: What appeared to be a secret is laughable. 
SCORPIO: You get special assignments at work. 
SAGITTARIUS: Avoid rash actions in career area. 
CAPRICORN; Getaway plans may collapse later today. 
AQUARIUS: Chock on the safety of your investments. 
PISCES: A flare-up may develop between you, mate. 

5 

ARIES: Make travel, legal or educational plans now. 
TAURUS: You are on the brink of an adwniure. 
GEMINI: This day Is confusing, Don't he discouraged. 
CANCER: Avoid ovoroxorticn, over-indulgences today. 
LEO: Children and loved ones are deceptive now. 
VIRGO: Avoid fraudulent transactions in home area. 
LIBRA: Put oft making short trips. Don't daydream. 
SCORPIO; Expect some upheavals in financial areas. 
SAGITTARIUS: Cyclo high. Chock ether’s credibility. 
CAPRICORN: You are introspective. Tomorrow Is hotter, 
AQUARIUS: Friends are sensitive but can mislead you. 
PISCES: Those in authority may not bo tolling all. 
12 
ARIES: Avoid violent confrontations in the evening. 
TAURUS: Avoid strains on the pocketbook. 
GEMINI: Do not be lackadaisical in your career area. 
CANCER: Don’t force others’ hand. Avoid showdowns. 
LEO: Don't take shortcuts in financial area. 
VIRGO: Taking risks can be costly and foolish. 
LIBRA: Rest up for the obstacles you meet later. 
SCORPIO: You are pulled in two directions. 
SAGITTARIUS: Your home environment is of concern. 
CAPRICORN: Don’t delegate duties to the careless. 
AQUARIUS: Get the entire picture regarding finances. 
PISCES: Protect your valuables from any risks. 
*19 
ARIES: Look for bargains or an unexpected check. 
TAURUS: Sudden money advantages tonight. 
GEMINI: Avoid lazing about and overeating. 
CANCER: Play hunches when decisions crop up. 
LEO: invitations from friends promise good times. 
VIRGO: You feet successful. Get out and bo seen. 
LIBRA: Foreign born person is lucky for you, 
SOORPIO: Let others pay niffs. Spiu’gs your salary. 
SAGITTARIUS: Make sure you can afford gifts. 
CAPRICORN; You shine at work and get lim® extras, 
AQUARIUS: Love, professional goals seem to take off. 
PISCES: Home is where happy things happen. 
26 
ARIES: Avoid extremes in work and diet. 
TAURUS: Children and loved ones prove expensive. 
GEMINI: Domestic trouble may interfere with business. 
'CANCER: Make decisions based only on facts. 
LEO: Details of financial_arrangements are not clear. 
VIRGO: Lack of communication is possible. 
LIBRA: Feelings are confusing. Check out the facts. 
SCORPIO: Friends may not keep promises. 
SAGITTARIUS: Don’t force issue with parents or career. 
CAPRICORN: Distant news is unclear. Check the facts. 
AQUARIUS: Dig beneath surface for financial facts. 
PISCES: Procrastination proves to be beneficial. 

ARIES: A desire to achieve recognition may be noted, 
TAURUS: Avoid losing temper late at night. 
GEMINI: Use tact in discussing finances. 
CANCER: Competition keeps you alert. Avoid anger. 
LEO: Co-workers may bother you with more work. 
VIRGO: Do not be too hasty making commitments. 
LIBRA: Tendency is to overspend in the home area. 
SCORPIO: Be cautious if driving late tonight. 
SAGITTARIUS: Your money situation improves. 
CAPRICORN: Take the initiative but control anger. 
AQUARIUS: Some secret information angers you. 
PISCES: Don’t let friends push you into decisions. 
13 
ARIES; Cycle is high. You oat) trust your Hunches. 
TAURUS} Visit those who are confined or handicapped. 
GEMINI: You moot some now friends who art exciting. 
CANCER: Energetic moods and an ego boosting. 
LEO: lf you must travel, today’s better than tomorrow. 
VIRGO; Rewards corno and accomplishments get praise. 
LIBRA; Cyclo is low. You need others to shoer you, 
SCORPIO: Liston to advice of co-worker. A good day. 
SAGITTARIUS: Children favorably emphasized. 
CAPRICORN: Real estate or family matter aided. 
AQUARIUS: Moods lighten. Yen are busy shopping. 
PISCES; Ask for a raise or press a pal to repay you. 
2o 
ARIES: Sun brings variety into your life. 
TAURUS: Attend to details. Reciprocate invitations. 
GEMINI: You’ve been fantasizing about a purchase. 
CANCER: Cycle is high. Wear bright colors, shine. 
LEO: Delve into your dreams and follow hunches. 
VIRGO: Friends pay compliment. Morale soars. 
LIBRA: Desired romance threatens love-career. 
SCORPIO: Travel or spend a weekend camping. 
SAGITTARIUS: Consult mate when making purchase. 
CAPRICORN: Cycle low. Wait, dilemma will be solved. 
AQUARIUS: Strive for work-recreation balance. 
PISCES: A lovely evening to spend with loved ones. 
27 
ARIES; A minor health problem may have you worried. 
TAURUS; Tension with children or loved ones, 
GEMINI: Elders are displeased. Apply restraint, 
CANCER: Oon’t sign papers, write or make agreements. 
LEO: Money will be procured through difficulty. 
VIRGO: You feel handicapped in the evening. 
LIBRA: Moon enters your sign ending She day better. 
SCORPIO: Do not blame friends if they can't help you. 
SAGITTARIUS: People are tired, don't want bother. 
CAPRICORN; Be careful what you put in writing. 
AQUARIUS: You should safeguard credit, reputation. 
PISCES: Cultivate cheerfulness to overcome moodiness. 

ARIES: You may ho suspicious of authoritative person. 
TAURUS: Horizons expand. Take the long range view. 
GEMINI: Look beyond surface in financial matters. 
CANCER: Cycle low. Avoid Hulks and temper tantrums. 
LEO: You're impatient with subordinates, co-workers. 
VIRGO: Children and loved ones are unsettling. 
LIBRA: A kinsman may plummet you into melancholy. 
SCORPIO: Plan a get-away weekend to avoid relatives. 
SAGITTARIUS: Don't go overboard with charge plates, 
CAPRICORN: You work better in solitude. 
AQUARIUS: Your farsightedness gets you through day. 
PISCES: Your moods make you vulnerable to friends. 
14 
ARIES: Love is beautiful and stormy but turns today. 
TAURUS: Be careful of sudden hostilities. 
GEMINI: Emotional day with friends and loved ones. 
CANCER: Changes in residence, career unsettling. 
LEO: Be careful when traveling or taking advice. 
VIRGO: Gains followed by spending cause problems. 
LIBRA: Others' edginess makes you irritable. 
SCORPIO: Emotional day may cause health upsets. 
SAGITTARIUS: Friends, loved ones add to problems. 
CAPRICORN: Children and loved ones bring opportunity. 
AQUARIUS: Confusion exists while traveling. 
PISCES: Ifs not wise to lend money. Losses indicated. fir 
21 
ARIES: Create a more harmonious home atmosphere. 
TAURUS: You may hear from relative or neighbor. 
GEMINI: Protect cash. Insist on more than promise. 
CANCER: Cycle is high. You can negotiate hurdles. 
LEO: Work quietly behind scenes. Keep secrets. 
VIRGO: Heed friendly advice from a colleague. 
LIBRA: You can start to further oareer advancement. 
SCORPIO: News from a distance rekindles your hope. 
SAGITTARIUS: Assets of others are your concern. 
CAPRICORN: Be tender with friends. They’re moody. 
AQUARIUS: An accomplishment on the job gets praise. 
PISCES: Emotions tend to dominate. Don't play games. | 
/ ; 

28 
ARIES: Compromise and cooperate with partners. 
TAURUS: Get off to an early start. A productive day. 
GEMINI: New romance flares. Your talents blossom. 
CANCER: Do decorating chores or reupholster sofa. 
LEO: Look for bargains or an unexpected check. 
VIRGO: A spending spree lifts your spirits. 
LIBRA: You wake up with a burst of energy. 
SCORPIO: Delve into dreams, follow your hunches. 
SAGITTARIUS: You deserve a good social evening. 
CAPRICORN: Problems come out to your advantage. 
AQUARIUS: Happenings far off have positive effect. 
PISCES: Don't risk the person you already have. 

May 21- 
Juue 21 

TAURUS (April 2o-May 2o). You may find others are selfish this month, expecting you to care for them. There are certain pitfalls to be avoided. A slow, deliberate calm will sustain you through Friday the 
13th, but will cause some mix-ups and delays. After that, your thinking will be clearer. 

SEMIN! (May 21-June 21). You will be more energetic and will take a big leap toward success. Put your special talents to work. Express yourself and reveal some of your deeper thoughts. Flit about with new friends but don’t fritter away the important months coming up. You are in a time of expansion. 

=Ch 
September 23- 
Oct 23 

Nov 23 
Dee 21 

& 
Dee 22- 
Jan 19 

- /V 4 /W ' 

Jan 2o- 
Feb 18 

Feb 19- 
Mareh 2o 

By ANN HOLT 
YOU CAN get m ore out of life by learning to be less stub­ born, says a top psychiatrist. 
“Being stubborn is a very limit­ ed frame in which to live,” ac­ cording to Dr. Anita Stevens, di­ rector of the Stevens Clinic in 
New York City. 
“ It means you are shut off from new ideas, new experiences, and new and different people. 
“ If you are a stubborn person, you probably know it. Your hus­ band, wife or teacher has told you. Your co-workers have told you.” 
Dr. Stevens said you can now change this behavior by following these simple guidelines: 
• Admit to yourself that you are stubborn. Once you do. you’ll be on the road to self-examination and conscious review of your atti­ tudes. 
• Compromise with your hus­ band or wife on situations in which you have always demanded your own way. Do things your way one time and their way the next. You’ll both be satisfied in that your wishes are being met, although not all the time. 
• Hear other people out. The stubborn person won t even listen to anyone elses views. Say: “ All right, I II listen. Let me hear what you have to say.’’ 
• Keep an open mind on possi­ bilities. 
Married couples often argue about such things as vaca­ tions. A stubborn person will want to do the same thing on every va­ cation. Instead, he should listen to other suggestions and be recep­ tive to them. 
• Don't be rigid in your de­ mands on other people. A stub­ born person may set rigid limits on his mate’s behavior. But giving in to your mate's wishes and let­ ting them enjoy their freedom can perk up a marriage 
• Be open-minded with your children. When they want to do something, don’t immediately say: “ We never did that when I was a kid.” Get more information about what they want to do. Talk it over with your spouse. Consider the child’s request. 
• Give your family credit for 
PROFESSOR SHEDS 
LIGHT - ON LIGHT 
DIMMING the lights in your of­ fice or home is not harmful to your eyes, a leading professor said this week. 
In fact, there is more dancer from too much light than too lit­ tle, according to Professor Clark 
Gamer, of the New York State 
College of Human Ecology at Cor­ nell University. 
The university’s consumer edu­ cation program gave these light­ ing tips: 
For clarity, a little light suita­ bly directed is much more effec­ tive than an excess of light; 
A room painted and furnished in lighter colors requires less energy to illuminate comfortably than one in darker colors; 
Do not make the light level so low that you feel uncomfortable. 

 knowing something. Too often a stubborn person thinks he knows what his family wants. Instead, he should have talks with his fam­ ily and get to know what they want, how they think and what they feel. 
• If one of your children wants to take up a profession or pursue a job that you don’t like, don’t panic and pick a fight. Talk it over with them and learn about the occupation. A stubborn parent can cause a rift with a child by in­ sisting the child follow the par­ ent’s chosen path. 
• Read popular magazines and find out what other families are doing and thinking. This will give you a clue to new ideas and new approaches in family living and child raising. 
• If you are stubborn about morals and attitudes about sex, and your children are rebelling, then you should consult a reli­ gious leader or therapist. Don’t let such a situation get out of hand. If you are stubborn and punishing, the situation will not improve. 
• Try to be more humble and less smart-alecky. Stubborn peo­ ple think they know it all. even when they know that they don't know it ail. If you can say to your­ self, “ I don’t know it all and so what,” you’ll be much easier to live with. 
• Do something utterly differ­ ent from your usual routine. 
Whatever it is you long to do, if it is within reason, you should do it. 
Stubborn people deny themselves opportunities for growth and new adventures because they tend to stick to the same old routine. 
• Read up on politics and news. If your friends say your views are ancient, you need to know how the world has changed. 
People are most stubborn in re­ gard to politics. The more in­ formed you are, the easier it will be for you to decide for yourself where you stand. 
• Look at yourself in a mirror. 
Are you tight-lipped? That’s the sign of a stubborn person. 
If you’re stubborn you need to loos­ en up. Try smiling. Try laughing. 
Stubborn people sometimes don’t even like to enjoy themselves. 

JILL IRELAND, beautiful actress-wite of film star 
Charles Bronson, showed up at the Los Angeles pre­ miere of cartoon movie Raggedy Ann And Andy with 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

By Emil Parkas of the National Self Defense Institute, 
Drawings by Glenn Viippu. 

WHEN a man attacks with a knife from above, try to step out of the way. If you can’t, block his arm and quickly deliver a side kick to his knee. Kick hard and try to break it. Then run. j 
Learn Hew to stop being too sensitive 

YOU CAN learn to overcome su­ per-sensitive feelings that get hurt too easily, says a prominent psy­ chiatrist. 
Dr, Paul Schneck told THE 
STAR most people whom others consider “sensitive” are misera­ ble inside much of the time. 
But self-analysis, and practicing new ways of dealing with their sensitive feelings, can improve the lives of these “sensitive” peo­ ple, Dr Schneck said. 
He listed the following do’s and don’ts; 
• DO set your own standards for yourself. Frequently, sensitive people suffer from their failure to please others, starting with their parents. And they continue trying to live up to the standards of oth­ ers without ever questioning 

 whether those values are valid for them. Decide the kind of person 
YOU want to be and what YOU want to do and the judgements of others won’t trouble you so much. 
• DO question your impres­ sions of what others are saying and thinking about you. Realize that when they raise a question, it doesn’t imply a ,criticism. People who are too sensitive continually interpret other people’s words and actions in ways that reflect badly upon themselves. 
• DO try for more give-and- take with people. Make yourself clear to them and try hard to un­ derstand exactly what they are 

 saying. Listen to them closely and if they say something you don’t understand—or take as an attack 
—ask them to elaborate. Good communication tears down bar­ riers between people. 
• DO try to increase your self­ esteem. 
Supersensitive people usually dislike themselves, and this causes them to over-react to the opinions of others. Remem­ ber, you have a right to your be­ liefs and values and it s good for you and those around you when you express your needs, as long as you ask rather than demand. 
• DON’T hold grudges. If peo­ ple have offended you in the past, talk the m atter out with them. 
Give them a new chance, and take the responsibility yourself of being honest. 

 these two Raggedy Ann look-alikes, 'the one on the left is her own daughter, Zulieka. At right is little 
Kathy Parsons, one of Zulieka’s playmates. 
TOUGH SEAT 
BELT LAWS 
ON THE WAY 
DRIVERS may soon face a $2o fine if they don’t fasten their car seat belts. 
Charles IL Pulley, president of the American Safety Belt Council, says many states are studying laws to make seat belt use man­ datory in cars that come equipped with them. 
They will enact the laws within the next three to five years, he predicted. 
Oregon and 
Tennessee are among those close to enacting the laws now. 
“ There will be a domino effect when other states see how benefi cial the safety belt laws are,” he added. 
More than 2o nations including three provinces of Canada have made use of seat belts mandatory since 197o. 
That year, Australia became the first country ever to institute such a policy. Within a year, auto­ mobile related deaths there dropped 2o percent. Deaths and injuries from auto accidents have decreased even more since then. 
Pulley said there would be simi­ lar results in the United States if safety belt laws were passed. 
He said the U S. would experi­ ence a significant drop in the 5o,- 
ooo auto-related deaths reported here annually.__________ 

BURGLAR APPEALS TO JUDGE 
FOR A LONGER TERM IN JAIL 
A MAN convicted of breaking into an appliance store has requested a longer jail term than the one imposed upon him. And a judge has gone along with his request. 
James T. Tillman, of Red Bank, 
N J., was originally sentenced to 
364 days. Now he’s serving a two to three year prison term. “ I like to give a man what he’s asking for,” the judge said. 

Get more from life M steps out with by learning how to be less stubborn 

 two 

DIXONS 

MORE OF HER QUARTERLY PREDICTIONS-EXCLUSIVE TO THE STAR 
■ 
WORLD famous psychic 
Jeane 
Dixon continues her revealing quarterly predic­ tions — exclusively for readers of THE STAR. 

JIMMY CARTER entered the 
White House with a unique as­ set, a moral emphasis rare in the upper reaches of Ameri­ can politics. 
But he must preside over a gov­ ernment of facts, not theories, a government of unpleasant choices rather than clear ethical judg­ ments. 
He is caught between the ideals of his campaign and the reality of his presidency, between the prom­ ises of his election and the disap­ pointments of his administration, between his dream of a world at peace and his nightmare of a world that is heading toward de­ struction. 
In other words, between the 
Devil and the deep blue sea. Or, what is even worse, between the 
Congress and the Great Falls of the Potomac River. 
Jimmy Carter’s secret plan is to coast for the first two years of his term in office and then to ac­ complish great things in the sec- 

Zbigniew Brzezinski: Will battle for control of foreign policy. end half. That is not meant to be. 
What he does not win now, he will never win. The President has two years to smile. After that will come his time of troubles with his cabinet and the Congress. 
In my New Year’s forecast, I predicted that some of the Presi­ dent’s highest appointees would run into problems in the Senate, despite the Democrats’ great majority there. 
I warned the President that he would have to withdraw one or more nominations. Perhaps I should have sent copies of the forecast to Ted Sorensen and Paul 
Wamke. 
And perhaps I should send a tel­ egram with this next forecast to 
Hamilton Jordan and Jody Pow­ ell, the President’s chief aides. 
They should look closely at their White House staff. President 
I 

Prominent Democrats will hold secret meetings to plot ouster of Carter from the White House 

Carter will suffer political embar­ rassment unless measures are taken now to ensure that his em­ ployees are above reproach. 
Even though the President will not be at fault, he will be held re­ sponsible for the conduct of those who work for him. 
Damaging leaks will appear in high circles of the Carter Admin­ istration. Sensitive information, especially defense secrets, will be passed to newsmen and the public in order to undermine the Presi­ dent’s policies. 
There will be a purge in the 
Pentagon to stop the leaks, but the President will be caught be­ tween his promises of an open government and his wish to be master (rf its policies. 
Hamilton Jordan can do a tre­ mendous favor for his boss by bringing him a history of the Nix­ on Administration. 
For President Carter will con­ front the same security problems his predecessors faced, and he will not be any more successful in dealing with them. 
President Carter will be chal­ lenged on several other fronts as well. Here are some of the other obstacles I see in his path: 
POLICY MAKERS: The Carter 
Administration will be disrupted by a triangular struggle for con­ trol of this country’s foreign poli­ cy. 
On one side will be U. N. Am­ bassador Andrew Young. On the other, Secretary of State Gyrus 
Vance. And on the third side, 
Zbigniew Brzezinski, the Presi­ dent’s national security advisor. 
The time is coming when that triangle will break apart. And when it does, Mr. Brzezinski will remain by Mr. Carter’s side, while Ambassador Young moves on to a different post in govern­ ment. 
CONGRESSIONAL REPUBLI­ 
CANS: The mid-term elections in 
1978 will bring a wholesale changeover in the membership of the House and the Senate. 
The Republican 
Party will make a spectacular comeback, but it will, in the process, lose many of its leaders. Famous men now considered presidential possi­ bilities will be cast aside in their party’s primary elections. 
But the Democrats will suffer a severe turnover. Their numbers 

President Carter: Faces a costly erosion of his Southern support. 

 will be reduced. And this will up­ set Jimmy Carter’s grand strate­ gy- 
CONGRESSIONAL 
DEMO­ 
CRATS: The Democratic leader­ ship of the Congress is planning to do unto the White House staff as the Georgia gentry have done un­ to Congress. 
Secret meetings will soon be held by prominent Democrats to plan the removal of President 
Carter from the White House, not by impeachment but by replacing him with another nominee in 198o. 
It will be as I said last fall — the senator elected then by New 
Yorkers will be a key factor in the presidential race in 198o. And that senator turned out to be for­ mer U.N. Ambassador Daniel 
Patrick Moynihan. 
THE SOUTHERNERS: 
More than a decade ago, when John 
Kennedy was president, I raised a few eyebrows by predicting that, in the future, political power would concentrate in the South and that the South would be the kingmaker of our presidents, in­ cluding one of its very own. 
The last several elections seem to have fulfilled those predictions, especially the one last November. 
But I would like to add to it now. 
What the South has made it can also unmake. 
The South provided the crucial foundation of President Carter’s brilliant campaign for the White 
House, but it will also provide him with some of his most serious problems. 
The same votes he relied upon in 1976, just might be aimed against him in years to come. 
THE PANAMA CRISIS: Some- 
Chico' would hove tried suicide again 

Freddie 
Prinze: 
Still doe honors. 

IT IS sad that Freddie Prinze, star of 
Chico And The Man, ended his life in 
February. He still had such a great fu­ ture. But his domestic and contract prob­ lems and his feeling that he had been de­ serted by his loved ones were just too much for him at that particular time. 
It appears, however, that had he not succeeded when he did, he would have made another attempt in 198o near his 

 birthday on September 13. If he had re­ sisted these suicidal impulses until about 
1985 when he would have been nearing his 
32nd birthday, Freddie could have had a complete success as a serious actor. 

However, in the next year or two, there will be a few honors and awards coming to him posthumously for his contributions to the entertainment world. 

 time this summer, there will be an outburst over the Panama 
Canal. It will take place in the 
Congress when the House and 
Senate discover that a deal has al­ ready been made between our government and Panama to sur­ render the Canal to the control of 
General Torrijos Torreos, Fidel 
Castro’s number one fan in Cen­ tral. America. 
The’ Senate will refuse to ratify that treaty, as it is empowered to do under the Constitution, but that will not stop this country’s diplo­ mats. They will push ahead with their plans to turn over the Canal to Panama. 
The outcome of their schemes will be violence in the Canal Zone and political explosions in Wash­ ington, DC. 
It could even bring President 
Carter to the brink of disaster. 
Some people will be so upset they will yell tor impeachment, and if he thinks it cannot happen, per­ haps he should ask Richard Nix­ on. 

Faye Dunaway: Problems ahead but sbe’il come out on top. 
Big rewords for 
Foye Dunowoy 

FAYE DUNAWAY is going to have a landslide of luck and reap rewards for her acting in TV and motion pictures this year. 
However, in the latter part of 
June, I believe her friends may cost her money. Although they mean well, they may suggest bad investments and want to borrow money. 
This will not be a favorable time for entering new agree­ ments. 
There may be a change in 
Faye’s schedule by September, ana she will find a new circle of friends around her. They will sug­ gest a new role for her that she will not be able to refuse once it is retailored to suit her. 
This will eventually prove bene­ ficial to Faye, although she will not like some of the language used. in the film. 
She is fortunate to have friends who are looking out for her best 

 interests, and she is likely to come out on top. 
However, in the first half of 
February, Faye will have difficul­ ty trying to find out her exact fi­ nancial standing. I would say she should not try to figure it out by herself or rely on friends. She should seek an authority and be very careful what she signs. 
At this time, Faye could lose a large sum of money through an oversight and no one would ever know where it went. 
The month of April should mark the beginning of a much better pe­ riod for Faye, both domestically and financially. 

Raquel Welch: A new marriage prospect on the horizon. 
Danger stalks 
Raquel s life 

RAQUEL W&LCH will remain the youthful, beautiful All-Ameri­ can sex symbol, but I can’t see her happily married for long. 
She has that fragile kind of beauty which makes men want to protect her to the point of posses­ siveness. This smothers her iden­ tity and cuts her off from the pub­ lic who idolize her and whose love 
Raquel needs. 
Although she loves people and they love her, Raquel is the type who says you can look, but you better not touch. 
Next year, she will have to go through a period of testing like the trials d r Job. If she continues to maintain her high ideals, she will come out a fabulous success, but should she weaken it will cost her her reputation. 
This trial will begin in the fall of 1978, around Oct. 2o. She will be offered a contract she should re­ fuse. 
Traveling around Oct. 3o, 1978, had best be postponed And if she travels on either the 13th, 19th or 
2oth of November, 1978, or the 5th and 6th of December, 1978, she should be careful not to get into a car with a wild driver because someone is going to get hurt, lf she thinks safety first, she will not have to worry. 
She may have to cancel some projects at this same time be­ cause of delays and contract prob­ lems caused by the people with whom she works. 
A tall, dark haired, blue-eyed gentleman will appear in Raquel’s life during this late 1978 period, and she will think about marrying him. 
But I think for some reason this man cannot belong to her. Matri- 

Continuedon Pago 14 

JEANE DIXON: MORE OF HER AMAZING PREDICTIONS FOR THE FUTURE 

Continued from page 13 mony does not seem the advisable thing for either the man or Ra- quel at that time. 

INGRID 
BERGMAN: 
Ingrid 
Bergman will come back to the screen to make another movie which will be a tremendous box office success. She will play the part of a very old and eccentric woman who is somewhat hard of hearing. The story will be som e­ thing about a long-lost love or a case of lost identity. 

Billy 
Carter: 
Surrounded by friends who want to exploit him. 
Billy will talk his way into trouble 

BILLY 
CARTER, the 
Presi 
: dent's younger brother will find himself surrounded by new friends who will impose upon him for the sole purpose of capitaliz­ ing on him commercially. 
Dealing with the press and making speaking engagements and appearances will interfere 
+ with his management of the fami­ ly peanut business. 
He will be required to hire addi­ tional personnel to attend to the business, and they might not act in the best interests of the Carter family. 
In May, however, his coopera­ tion with the news media could prove very beneficial to his busi­ ness. 
He is in danger of making some great exaggeration or of being misquoted sometime in the third week of June and near the 14th and 3oth of July, though. 
Something said in a joke in the middle of August could cause him a bit of distress and make it ap­ pear that he is being used by the news media. 
He may even contemplate a lawsuit, charging some of the news media with invading his pri­ vacy and misquoting him. 
Billy Carter's language will al­ ways be that of a former Marine and could get him in trouble. 
SENATOR 
THOMAS 
EAGLE­ 
TON: Tom Eagleton, who had to resign as the Democratic candi­ date for Vice President in 1972, will become a senior statesman in his party. 
He will boldly oppose some of 
President Carter’s most impor­ tant decisions. But by putting his country's interests above party loyalty, he will become more pop­ ular than ever. 
Another energy shortage looms 

ENERGY: Despite this winter’s icy grip, we are not heading into anomer ice age. But next year, we will discover that few among us have learned the lesson of this year’s blizzards and frozen rivers. 
There will be another energy 

CHANGES IN WELFARE SYSTEM 
A BAD BREAK FOR TAXPAYERS 
NEW POWER FROM THE SUN 

 shortage, but not because the win­ ter will be extreme. It will happen because we will not prepare our­ selves for it. 
The energy crisis does not have to be permanent That will depend on whether the American people and their leaders look forward or backward. 
Ahead of us lies tremendous en­ ergy, especially from the Sun and from coal. Behind us is the cheap energy and wasteful habits of the past. 
If we use all the talent and brains and hard work on this con­ tinent, our children’s children will have abundant energy for all their needs. 
But if we waste our talent and energy in quarreling over who is to blame for the energy crisis, then a future generation will watch their country sink into weakness, poverty and despair. 

WELFARE: Our welfare system will be changed, certainly. Cities, which have significant expenses for their share of federal welfare programs, will be promised much and given little. 
No matter what the Congress does — and I believe it will act on this matter sometime next year 
— the costs of welfare, as well as its abuses, will continue to in­ crease until we realize that its problems are not legislative but ethical. 
We will not solve our welfare di­ lemma until we learn to care for one another on the personal level, rather than through government programs. 

EQUAL RIGHTS AMENDMENT: 
I do not foresee that the required number of state ratifications will be obtained by March, 1979, to make ERA part of the Constitu­ tion. 
But by that time, legal changes, both in Washington, D.C., and in the states, will have made ERA unnecessary. 
Jimmy and Ted face showdown 

Sen. Kennedy: 
Bucks Carter. 
Gerald 
Ford: 
Wants a rerun. 

TED KENNEDY: As they used to say in the old western movies, 
Washington, D C. will not be big enough for both Teddy and Jim­ my. Senator Kennedy intends to push through new ' legislation, which the President will not ac­ cept. 
B’ this time next year, insiders in tne Democratic Party will be quietly choosing up sides for the big showdown in 198o. 
GERALD 
FORD: 
The former 
President would like to run for the presidency in 198o, but he might as well save his money be­ cause he is not going to make it. 

Sophia Loren: She may be betrayed by her close friend. 
Sophia’s legal problems linger 

SOPHIA 
LOREN may suffer some repercussions from the embarrassment of being detained and questioned by Italian customs officials earlier this year. 
The repercussions could have to do with the financial affairs of her husband. Carlo Ponti, but I am not sure. There may also be some changes in her husband’s business dealings which could prove very costly in the long run. 
She will be doing quite a bit of traveling in the latter part of May and early June, possibly in con­ nection with her film making. 
Sophia will be getting a great deal of favorable publicity in ear­ ly June, too. The publicity will show her as a victim of circum ­ stances in a legal matter. 
At the end of June, Sophia should be very careful of travel and any dealings she may get in­ volved in. for it could result in a lawsuit. 
Someone is keeping tabs on ev­ erything she does, says or signs, 
I and what they have in their black notebook could be used against : her. 
In the early part of July, possi­ bly near the 13th and 14th, Sophia could have some legal difficulties because of being betrayed or doublecrossed by someone whom she trusted as a friend. 
Someone who claim s to be a good and friendly neighbor should be watched very carefully. 
During most of this year, So­ phia is going to become very aware of her psychic ability. She will have som e beautiful psychic experiences on May 17, then again on July 17 and possibly around 
Sept. 8, 9 and IO. 
Sophia is extrem ely alert and seldom, if ever, m isses a trick. In later years, she is destined to rule over a very happy home. 
I believe that her children, her home, her husband mean every­ thing in the world to her. They are the most important things in her life, especially her children. 
Millions to cry for tax rebates 
TAXES AND THE ECONOMY: ; 
There will be a tax rebate this year, but not everyone will get it. I 
Millions of disappointed taxpayers : 

 are going to demand an explana­ tion from President Carter. 
But no matter who receives the bonus from Washington, it will not make much difference in the economy. Juggling the tax laws will be like writing in the waters of the Mississippi. 
Like that great river, the econo­ my will find its own way, rebate or no rebate. 
Business will improve gradual­ ly, but not because of the laws being discussed by the President and the Congress. 
Despite the energy crisis and the dreadfully cold winter, the American econo­ my is getting on its feet again. 
As you know, the price spiral has been slowing down for the last year or so, but it is not a problem of the past. By the time the gov­ ernment realizes how bad it is, it will be too late to stop another devastating round of price in­ creases. 

UNEMPLOYMENT: 
President 
Carter will do quite a bit about unemployment. 
But he cannot solve that problem. Nor can any other president. The problem is not just the lack of jobs. A deeper problem is the lack of skills among millions of 
Americans, especially young workers. 
This country will have a terri­ bly high rate of unemployment for the next generation, and it will go even higher unless we change our attitudes toward work. 
The place to make that change is not in the White House but in the elem entary schools. 
We will start to solve the unem­ ployment problem when we start to teach youngsters that life is work and their talents are a pre­ cious gift from God which must be developed or lost forever. 
Patty faces new trauma 

Patty Hears!: Health will suffer and she’ll require rest, privacy. 

PATTY HEARST will not be en­ tirely exonerated of all the charges still to be brought against her. 
She may receive a jail sen­ tence, but most of it will be served in her home or a hospital. 
I do not see that it will ever be completely served. 
There will be many periods dur­ ing this year, especially in May, when Patty will be in declining health and will require much rest and privacy. 
However, there does seem to be an element of luck for her, possi- 

I bly in the latter part of October or early November, when there will 

I be a reversal of the court decision 

I handed down earlier. 
Patty’s troubles will not be over until early November 1981. 
After that, she will have a com­ pletely new life and may live out- i side the country a great deal of the time. 
There may be rumors that she will marry before the court pro- 
! ceedings have finally reached their conclusion. I do not think that will happen. 
There will be a proposal of mar­ riage, but her parents will not necessarily be happy with her choice and will suggest that she delay any marriage. About a year or two later, she will see the wis­ dom of their suggestion. 
There will be another proposal of marriage after December 1979. 
It. will be from a wealthy man who may be a bit older than Pat­ ty. It would be a beautifully fa­ vored marriage for her, but I could not say that it would be a permanent one. 
New roles lie in 
Shirley’s path 

Shirley Temple Black: She’ll re­ turn to politics and prove efficient. 

SHIRLEY TEMPLE BLACK has lost her political office — one of the consequences of belonging to the losing party. But this setback will not stop her. 
She will return to the little things and personal concerns she had to set aside the last several years. She will return to show business and combine it with her interest in education and music. 

A series of children’s shows will bring to a new generation of youngsters the special sparkle that endeared Shirley to us 4o years ago. 

Shirley will be affected by a dis­ appointment in the life of som e­ one close to her. But that is only a temporary distraction. As time goes by she will gain strength in literary fields and her name will be as well known for litera­ ture as it is for the cinema. 
She will also push toward even greater accomplishments includ­ ing a return to the political lim e­ light. She will prove very efficient in this endeavor, I might add. Al­ so this year, she will have time to begin a writing project she has often postponed and forgotten. 

Next week: 

JEANE DIXON’S 
PREDICTIONS 
ON FOREIGN 
AFFAIRS 

TELL MORE STORIES OF THEIR AMAZING ROOTS 

THE STAR S Roots contest is a resound­ ing success. 
Thousands of entries poured in. The quality of writing, and the care and love with which most entries were prepared, is particularly impressive. 
Here are three more stories excerpted from the family histories of our readers, starting with one from MRS. ROBERT L. 
TAYLOR of Madison, Wise. Mrs. Taylor traces her roots to Amund o. Eidsmoe, who came to America in 1852 at age 38. 
Here is an excerpt from Eidsmoe's diary, telling of a chaotic part of his journey to 
Wisconsin from native Norway: 

A LARGE number of people and goods of every description were crowded aboard the Atlantic, and at ll p.m., the ship moved off into Lake Erie in a thick fog. 
Near midnight we were awakened by a loud crash and I saw a large beam fall down upon a Norwegian woman of our company. It crushed several bones and completely tore the head off a little baby that lay at her side. 
Another ship had collided with ours and had knocked a large hole in our side. 
A flood of water rushed into the cabins and people came up as thick and fast they they could crowd themselves. It seemed as if even the wrath of the Almighty had a hand in the destruction. 
The sailors became absolutely raving and tried to get as many killed as possible. When they saw that people crowded up, they struck them on the heads and shoulders to drive them down again. 
When this did not help, they raised the stairway up on end so the people fell down backwards again. Then they jerked the lad­ der up on the deck. 
All hopes were gone for those who were underneath. 
Water filled the rooms and life was no more. People rushed frantically from one end of the boat to the other. 
The trap doors were torn open and goods and people were swept into the water. The life of a per­ son was of little value. 
After much swimming around with my wife and children on my back, we were picked up by the other ship. 
When I discovered that all of my family were alive, I was full of joy, as if I had become the richest man in the world, despite the fact that we had lost all of our goods. 
I later read an account of the catastrophe's cause in one of the newspapers and it went as fol­ lows: 
The Atlantic sailed from Buffa­ lo and sighted the Propeller Og­ densburg, which belonged to a competitive company. 
There was a feud between the two captains. The captain of the 
Atlantic wanted to run down the 
Ogdensburg. All the lights were turned out so that the act of run­ ning down the rival company’s boat would be unnoticed. 
At the last moment, the Ogdens­ burg had to turn hastily to escape the Atlantic, and advanced a short distance. But, in anger at this attack, the 
Ogdensburg turned and pushed a hole in the 

WOOD ENGRAVING OF COLLISION BETWEEN STEAMER ATLANTIC AND PRO­ 
PELLER OGDENSBURG ON LAKE ERIE, N Y. 
Ship crash horror vivid tale in diary 

Atlantic’s side. 
Many of them, in their terror, jumped overboard instantly. Capt. 
Petty vainly endeavored to calm their fears, by assuring them there was no danger, hoping to keep the steam er on its course. 
But the fires in the engine room were extinguished by the rising water, and a scene of terrible con­ fusion followed. 
The immigrants, who could not understand a word spoken to them, added horror to the scene by their cries and exhibition of frantic terror. 
The cabin passengers, and all others who could be made to un­ derstand the exhortations and orders of the captain and officers, remained comparatively calm, and provided themselves with chairs, settees and beds, which 

 buoyed them up in the water, and they were thus saved. 
Great numbers of immigrants jumped overboard in their terror, without any provision for their safety, and thus rushed to certain death. The loss of life was about 
3oo. 
After that exciting introduction to America, Eidsmoe and his family eventually settled in south­ ern Wisconsin, near the Illinois border. 
Eidsmoe writes only briefly about that part of his life. 
In the English school district that was organized, I was the first teacher and taught for four years. 
After I had been in America for six years I was elected Justice of the Peace and held this office for 
28 years. 
I was also in this time town treasurer for two years and town 

 clerk for three years. But farming has been my mainstay and for my living, it paid best. 
On the first day of January, 
19oo. our children had a postponed 
Golden Wedding for us (our real anniversary was on Thanksgiving, 
1899). 
Two weeks later my wife died quietly and peacefully after an ill­ ness of but three days with lung fever. 
I thank God earnestly for his care over us so far. If he has laid a burden on me, He has also helped me carry it. 
If I could prepare myself for a blessed departure from this world, and my passing away be as my dear wife’s, my wish would be fulfilled. 
(AO. Eidsmoe died in 19o3, at age 89.) 

A trick clinched the sale 

$1o WINNER 

MRS. CARLENE BROWN of Kil­ gore, Tex., relates her favorite story about her third great grand­ father: 

WILLIAM 
HUDSPETH was born in Surrey County, North Car­ olina, on May I, 1778. He grew up to be a shrewd businessman who would do everything in his power to pull off a deal. The story of the dry-well sale is a good example. 
In 1819, the North Carolina leg­ islature created Simpson County and directed a committee to buy 
5o-1oo acres of land for public buildings. 
Three landowners, including 
Hudspeth, wanted to sell the gov­ ernment the land. Hudspeth had the best location, but he had no water on his land. 
Hudspeth promised to come up with water, and began to dig wells. 
Several efforts did not bring water, and finally the com­ mittee gave Hudspeth 24 hours to produce water or lose the sale. 
Hudspeth was determined to sell the Hand, and came up with a plan to fool the committee. 
All night, Hudspeth and some workers carried water from a creek down the road and filled up the most promising of the dry holes that had been dug. 
When the committee cam e to check out the site, they found a well filled with good water, and bought the land. 
Luckily, filling the well also primed it and water began to flow naturally. 
The “ dry” well produced water for the government buildings for years afterwards. 
Hudspeth fathered ll children. 
He enjoyed the good life and owned race horses, fox hounds and fighting chickens. He died in 
1867, at age 89. 
Lucina was mom and widow at 16 

$1o WINNER 

ALICE 
MORREY 
BAILEY of 
Salt Lake City, Utah, has familiar 
American roots of pioneer spirit and religious zeal. But she has an uncommon story: 

SIX GENERATIONS OF PHOTOS FROM LUCIN A’S FAMILY TREE 

EDITOR'S NOTE: Here s an­ other newspaper account of the collision, which varies from Eids- moe's: 
In the collision, the utmost con­ fusion prevailed among the deck and steerage passengers, a very large portion of whom were Nor­ wegian emigrants. 

THE horror that filled the soul of 
Lucina Tindrall when she saw the scalped and mutilated body of her husband was indescribable. She could never mention it without a flood of tears. 
Lucina was my grandmother. 
She was born March 4, 1837, in 
Batavia, New York. Eight genera­ tions of her family had lived on the Atlantic seaboard. 
How, then, did she find herself at age 16 in the wilds of Utah, pregnant and a widow? 
Lucina’s family joined the Mor­ mon Church and decided to move to Utah when she was 14. On the journey she fell in love with Fer- ney Tindrall. 

Joan Maness New- Elise Bailey Ma­ ndan (1946-) ness (1926 ) 

Seven months after marrying 
Lucina, Ferney and several other men were harvesting crops. Jona­ than Page and Sylbrannus Calk­ ins, who were working together, looked up and saw several Indians in the distance, firing at Ferney. 
They saw Ferney run a short way and fall. 
Page reported: “ The Indians came straight toward us, firing as they came. We prepared to use a wagon as a breastwork and fight them, but so many of them came 

Alice Morrey Bai­ ley 119o3-) 
.j i : i 
John G Ferney 
Morrey (1869-1926) 
Ck Jkv- 
Maria Mott Shef­ field (18o8-1886) 

LOOK FOR MORE ROOTS STORIES 

 in sight we decided to join the oth­ er workers. 
“The Indians soon approached above us on a ridge. Their bodies shone and glistened in the sun. 
They danced about, waving the scalp of poor Tindrall, and shout­ ed their war cries. 

“ When the Indians thought help was coming for us, they ran away.” 

There is an ironic end to the 
Ferney story. Some time had nfsmm 

Lucina 
Sheffield 
Morrey (1837-19o8) 

 passed since the m urder, when a ragged Indian came begging at 
L uana’s house. Brigham Young, founder of the Mormon Church, had said: “ It is better to feed the 
Indians than to fight them .” 

Lucina fed the Indian, even though she recognized his boots. 
Ferney had been wearing them on the day he was killed. 

Lucina eventually rem arried, had more children, and died at age 7o. She was my grandmother. 
P l THE STAR 

THIS I BELIEVE 

By S t e v e D u n l e a v y 
YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

ACRO SS 
73 Devilish 
132 Mistake 
75 Society 
134 Ocean 
I Torment girl movement 
7 Mark 
77 Of soft 
1 35 Building with a palate wing line 
78 Follow 
1 36 Add 
I 4 Wrench orders sugar 
2o Fountain 
79 Unusual 
137 Facade order: 2 
8o Might 
139 Augment wds 
82 Palm lily 
14o Indian 
21 Farm 
83 Golf mulberry machine mound 
141 Fly aloft 
22 Hammered 
84 Leave 
1 42 Informal 
24 Verb 
85 Bank greeting form employee 
1 43 Zoo 
25 African 
87 Indistinct greeting desert 
88 Correlative 
144 Egyptian 
26 Speed 
89 Greek herb contest letters. 
1 46 French 
27 As far as 
9o Dessert article 
28 Corrode order: 3 
147 Error 
29 Pronoun wds 
149 Support 
3o Not 
92 Baby 
151 Set fire many carriage to 
32 Hoisting 
93 Feudal 
1 53 Anchored apparatus estate a tent 
34 Embryo 
95 In no 
1 54 Responded frog manner 
1 55 Gathered 
36 Dress 
97 Height border 
98 Rub 
DOWN 
37 Desertlike harshly 
39 Emitting 
99 Sour 
1 “Four- smoke brew bagger”: 
4o March 
1o1 Relaxing 
2 wds. away: 2 
1o3 Regarded 
2 Paid wds. highly notice 
41 Mediocre 
1o5 Count 
3 Tattered 
42 Altercation calories cloth comp 
1o7 Silent 
4 Footless wd greeting animal 
44 Witness 
1o8 Political 
5 Temperate 
45 Although party: 
6 Steeples 
46 Speck abbr. 
7 Try to hit 
47 Circuit 
11o Dresses 
8 Comic 
48 Really! hides detective 
5o Of the 
1 11 Baby 
9 Oven side carriage shelf 
53 Free 2 
1 1 5 Daydream 
1o Skating wds. 
1 1 8 Sermonize surface 
55 Greedy 
1 22 Black 
11 Attending 
57 — Aviv birds 
1 2 Complete 
58 Arrest 
1 23 Presently 
13 Worn 
6o Child s 
1 25 Among away 

19 

2o 

23 

45 

47 

P uppet 
« 
61 Decelerated 
2 wds. 
65 Paid attention 
68 Unassuming 
72 Cheroot 

 poetic 
1 26 College cheer 
1 28 Follow 
1 29 Bridle strap 
1 3o Councils 

14 Showed buds 
1 5 Young turkey 
16 Stratagem 
1 7 Picnic pest 

18 Small fish 
Greek goddess 
African expedition 
Lower in rank 
31 Coil 
33 Stagger 
34 Of great power 
35 Puddle 
36 Vagabond 
38 Disappear gradually: 
2 wds. 
4o Expensive wrap 
41 Burn slowly 
43 At no time 
Be part of 
Finished: 
2 wds 
49 Performed 
51 Lease­ holder 
52 Varnish base 
54 Male turkey 
56 Maid’s need:2 wds. 
59 Motel item 
61 Blind spot 
62 Generous 
63 Curved molding 
64 Sunshade 
66 Bind 
67 Regret 
69 Overhead train 
7o Overstuff 
71 Pruned 
74 British sailor 
76 Most audacious 
79 Solidify 
81 Tiny 
84 Runs off the tracks 

85 Shred 
86 Australian bird 
87 Liquid measure 
89 Overload: 
2 wds. 
9o Had lunch 
91 Came to earth 
92 Here 
94 Helm position 
96 Decimal base 
97 Band members 
98 Kind 
1oO Electrical unit 
1o2 Neither 
1o4 Faucet 
1o6 Presented 
1o9 Reflected 
111 Sharp cry 
11 2 Garden latticework 
11 3 Stir up 
11 4 Wander 
116 Strength 
11 7 Merit 
119 The 
Orient 
1 2o Caressed 
121 Took notice of 
1 24 Wilt 
1 27 Empty talk: slang 
1 3o Vigilant 
131 Net 
1 32 Rub out 
1 33 Scope 
136 Drench 
1 37 Stronghold 
1 38 Girl s name 
1 41 Musical direction 
1 43 Fabled bird 
1 45 Gratuity 
I 48 Thoroughfareabbr 
1 5o Cordage fiber 
152 deum" 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

IT WAS a good saloon, a plush saloon. a saloon where they charge three 
George Washingtons for a slug of scotch. 
Three bucks is normally a bit rich for my blood but the super-good looking guy told me to relax. 
It was, he said, on his expense account. And advertising agencies, I am told, have good expense accounts. 
He slammed down his Johnny Walker Black Label with a bang that told me he wanted to make a definitive statement. 
I was gonna listen. I had to listen because he was picking up that ugly tab. Right? Right. 
“ I do pretty well,” says Super Good-Looking, “ but I want my son to be a millionaire, not for the money, but just to achieve being a millionaire. 
That’s achievement, right?” 
I said: “ Right.” 
He ordered another round and asked the question I expected: “ What do you want your son to be?” 
Quick as a flash, looking at the next slug of scotch upcoming. I said: “ A millionaire.” 
He chuckled, nudged me, and his nudge told me my ambition had as much chance as a Canadian ball team winning the World Series. 
Hell, said I, why don’t I tell him what I really think. I can get a scotch at 
Clancy’s for 35 cents on a bargain day. So I said it. 
“ Well,” says I, “ if he couldn’t be a millionaire, I would like my boy to grow up like G. Gordon Liddy.” 
The look that crossed his face was bad. like a javelin had gone through his liver. 
“ You mean G. Gordon Liddy the pirate? The Watergate burglar who brought shame to the word democracy? You mean that common crook.” 
I nodded, gulping down the last scotch I w'as likely to get. Then I let him have both barrels when he asked “ Why?” 
“ Why? ITI tell you why. Because on the block where I grew up, you never snitched. The snitchers were the kids who told the teacher who nailed the dead fish under his chair. They broke the rules. 
“ Those kids got the living daylights beaten out of them, and they went on to make big things of themselves as accountants. 
“ Yes, G. Gordon Liddy,” I said, and I was getting a bit hot. “ Here was a man who did what he thought was right, was sentenced to 21 years in jail by the country he loved and when the crunch came, he didn’t say a word. 
“ Plenty did talk and their words sold for about five cents a syllable. 
That’s a lot of money if you figure some of these literary thugs wrote two hundred thousands words. “ But G. Gordon Liddy just shut his mouth. 
While he was getting his sentence commuted by Jimmy (’arter, there were gutless wonders like .John Dean wondering what color their next 
Mercedes Benz should be. 
“ Dean didn’t only write a book, his beautiful twice-married former airline stewardess of a w ife wrote a book too. 
“ They made a lot of money because John Dean was a snitch. 

“ And there were others. Watergate became an industry. I mean a damn industry.” I was getting angrier as I talked. “ But,” my host protested, 
“ this man was a crook.” 

He was a crook, I said, like Joe Namath is a girl. While the billions of dollars, literally billions, have been made out of Watergate, G. Gordon 
Liddy behaved like a man. He didn’t explain, he didn t complain. He was locked up with people initially with murderers and rapists — who have not seen half his 51 months inside a jail. 
G. Gordon Liddy didn’t knock down some old lady in the Bronx or hold up a liquor store in East I/»s Angeles. But guys who did saw the street before he did — or w ill. 
“ But,” said Good-looking, “ I mean, you can’t be dishonest. It’s just wrong.” I agreed you couldn’t be dishonest but told him in another era, a guy like G. Gordon Liddy would have had a John Wayne movie made about him. He had guts. Damn, he had guts. 
“ Well, I don’t want any crooks in my government,” said Good-Looking, signalling the end of the evening. 
And do you know what he did when the heat calmed down? He paid the check with an American Express charge card. 
“ Expenses,” he winked. 
I would like THAT s.o.b. to be fired and then tell me about honesty. 

FRED 
ASTAIRE 
LESSONS 

DON T SPEND ANOTHER 

EVENING ALONE! 

‘ W HY ARE YOU M A K IN G THIS U NUSUAL OFFER?" 
“ Be cau se w e w a n t you to se e for yo u rse lf h ow q u ick ly' a n d e a sily yo u can learn to b ec om e a 

HELD O VER ! 

ASK 
ABOUT OUR 

“OVER 4o“ 

CLUB 

FRED ASTAIRE 
DAN CE STUDIO p ^ m fflS # 7 3 6 - 1 8 8 1 

?, WHIRLY V/OGD6 by 
Thatch 

PUZZLE 118 

A 
L 
I 
M 
O 
N 
Y 
E 
C 
N 
I 
R 
P 

I 
A 
R 
F 
Y 
F 
H 
A 
K 
O 
O 
H 
R 

N 
E 
E 
E 
F 
F 
O 
C 
E 
K 
R 
C 
O 

C 
I 
N 
D 
C 
I 
I 
P 
N 
O 
E 
T 
N 

I 
B 
I 
E 
O 
L 
K 
T 
O 
E 
T 
U 
O 

D 
I 
F 
N 
L 
C 
Y 
S 
L 
L 
T 
H 
U 

E 
S 
N 
I 
B 
B 
O 
B 
A 
U 
U 
S 
N 

N 
N 
F 
D 
B 
R 
M 
E 
A 
N 
T 
I 
C 

T 
E 
I 
O 
O 
E 
C 
U 
G 
G 
S 
S 
E 

R 
T 
I 
A 
R 
E 
R 
R 
B 
E 
E 
A 
R 

O 
S 
E 
T 
E 
D 
Y 
L 
E 
V 
E 
L 
O 

P 
O 
E 
R 
O 
L 
L 
E 
C 
N 
A 
H 
C 

CLUE: “VAIN BIRD” 
Solution: 7 Letters 

H O W T O P L A Y 
All th e morels listed b e lo w a p p e a r rn the p u z z le — h o riz o n ta lly v ertic ally d ia g o n a lly e v e n b a c * w a r d s f i n d th e m a n d circle their letters 
T h e leMover letters spelt t h e - S t a 'w o r d 

Ostensible 
Alimony 
Fiber 
Alone 
File 
Bagel 
Finer 
Bobbin 
Hookah 
Bore 
Hungry 
Breed 
Hutch 
Bumble 
Incident 
Chancellor ciirr 
Leal 

Code 
Level 

Coffee 
Lobby 

Core 
Lunge 

Dined 
Oreo 

Port 
Prince 
Pronounce 

Skiff 
Sisal 
Stultify 
Stutter 
Stench 

Tremble 

Last Week's Answer: GUTTER 

Last week’s Giant solution 

SILLYETTES 

IOO Eons 
1o2 Grain fibers 
1o8 Card suit 
1o9 Debate 
HO Bridge coup 
112 Mature 
115 Germ 
UG Bridgr game bid. 2vvrds 
117 All 
118 Singing voices 
12o Err 
122 Sea eagles 
124 Honor card 
125 Containers 
126 Noticed 
12 7 --- Meredith 
129 At no time 
131 Side-track 
133 Glided 
1134 Fr. novelist & dramatist 
136 Regret 
139 Dispatch 
14o Large cask 
144 Motor 
149 Numerated 
15o Card suit 
152 Pronoun 
154--- Bridge 
156 Bull fighter 
157 Market custom­ er 
158 Pronoun 
159 River in 
En­ gland 
161 Jog 
162 Cooked 
163 Dessert 
165 Treat as a ce­ lebrity. Var. 
168 Lure 
17o A short sock 
172 Hindu sect 
173 Total 
175 Seductive wom­ an 
176 Group sectios 
177 Female gar­ ment 
178 Carried 
182 Encounter 
184 ••----- & Cry.” 
188 W W. II area. 
Abbr. 
189 Period, age 
191 Sweet girl 
193 One of the 
Stooges 

ACROSS 
I Consents 
7 Ax-like tool 
II Stun 
14 Winter month 
2o Royal 
Highlan­ ders Assn. Abbr. 
21 Conceits 
22 Male Gypsy 
23 Reply at a wed­ ding 
24 Nephrite 
25 Man s name 
26 Policeman. SI. 
27 Repair 
28 Skirt type 
29 Moist 
31 Card game 
32 Stripling 
33 Steeds SL. 
35 Distract 
37 Dark & gloomy 
39 Cylindrical 
41 Organic com­ pound 
42 Annoyed 
43 Amount Abbr. 
45 Farm structures 
46 George 
---. 
Actor 

47 Chair 
49 Skin tumor 
5o Stage musical 
52 Summer in Paris 
54 “ Good Queen — 

55 Short for Theo­ dore 
57 Immediate 
59 Meadow 
62 Sink fixture 
63 Compass point 
64 Pointed tower 
66 Freight 
69 Suspend proceed­ ings 
72 Candid 
74 Silica glass 

76 Fast-ball com­ panions 
79 Turned into ice 
8o Cylinder disks 
82 Yellowish-brown 
84 Strikes out 
85 Utile ones 
86 Scarce 
87 Beverage 
88 Small organisms 
9o Boredom 
91 Level 
92 Nerve fibers 
93 Work gangs 
94 Possessing 
96 Smart talk 
97 Color 
98 Dole out 
99 Swine 
. 
1oo Biblical name 
1o1 Feminine name 
1o3 Harden 
1o4 S A. Rodent 
1o5 Shut with force 
1o6 Color 
1o7 Tiers 
1o8 Crone 
111 Two queens 
113 P'lect. unit. 
Abbr. 
114 Its capital is 
London. Abbr. 
115 Daze 
116 Winter month. 
Abbr. 
119 Makes mistakes 
121 Gripping tools 
123 Mother of pearl 
126 Ooze 
127 Opera star 
128 Once more 
13o Oleo 
132 Container 
133 Fortune teller 
134 Peace symbols 
135 Track star 
137 Follow imme­ diately 
138 Isolated 

14o Piano forks 
141 Scatter hay 
142 Vulgate. Abbr. 
143 Ecuador money 
145 Beer mug 
146 Intone 
147 Cath. Youth. 
Org. Abbr. 
148 Large dagger 
151 Songs of joy 
153 The “ Hoosier'’ state. Abbr. 
155 National. Abbr. 
157 Discredit 
158 Intellect 
16o Espied 
162 A Dandy 
164 “ Body & ---.” 
166 Egg s compan­ ion 
167 Stock term 
169 Recliners 
17o Mr. Palmer to friends 
171 Baseball term 
172 Word with hon­ ey & pocket 
174 Forebodings 
176 Merge 
177 Stupefy or con­ fuse 
179 Asso. 
Press. 
Abbr. 
18o Continent. 
Abbr. 
181 Prompt. 2wrds. 
183 Oil hauler 
185 Man s name 
186 Negative 
18 7 oil. (whale- oil) 
189 The whole 
19o Belonging to 
Hildegarde. 
Short. 
192 Confess.. 
194 French head 
195 Ordinance. 
Abbr. 

196 Alphabet letter 
197 Western Indian 
198 Recipe measure 
199 Seep 
2oo Wear away 
2o1 Agreement 
2o2 Landed proper­ ty 
2o3 Liberated 

DOWN 
1 Curved structures 
2 Select 
3 Ship windlass 
4 Postpone 
5 Sponsorship 
6 Hose 
8 Forced into crime 
9 Restricted an area 
1o Arabian ruler 
11 Caper SI. 
12 President 
13 A cocktail 
14 Toothlike projec­ tion 
15 Mine entrance 
16 Hawaiian geese 
17 Declares without proof 
18 Spanish lassoes 
19 Alpine sounds 
28 Stirred 
3o Hides 
34 Coterie 
35 Lawn moisture. 
36 Touches gently 
37 Leather thongs 
38 Caviar 
4o Nonconformist. 
Short. 

44 Shea occupants 
48 Acquire knowl­ edge 
5o Bridge bid 
3wrds. 
51 Grudge 
53 TV comedian 
55 Alines 
56 Noise 
57 “ --- the finish!” 
58 Bouncing con­ traption 
5 9 
Vegas. 
6o Active 
61 Roof support 
62 "Baker’s --- ” 
(13) 
63 Gaelic 
65 Jostling 
67 Norse war gods 
68 Aid and abet 
7o Golf shot 
71 Punned 
72 Discharge 
73 Body joint 
75 Shore bird 
7 7 
Ferber. et al 
78 Employ again 
8o The head 
81 Tool 
83 Harness part 
86 Sells Individually 
89 Quick drink. SI. 
92 A certain tire 
93 Seafood gravies. 
2wrds 
95 Congregation 
98 Road chart 
99 Blows one’s cool. 
2 wrds 

Superswinger 
Warren Beatty is set to run for Congress 

Jaciyn Smith of Charge's Angels is at an L*A. disco witn 
Dennis Cole. But the 
Iter-life is actor Joe Namatn. 

WARREN BEATTY is plan­ ning to run for the U.S. Sen­ ate. He wants the California seat currently held by Senator 
ALAN CRANSTON. 
The plans are still very much in the secret stage, but the indica­ tions are that millions of Holly­ wood dollars will back the super- star in his run for Washington. 
For Beatty it will be the fulfill­ ment of a longtime ambition. The producer-actor has spent years nurturing key contacts within the 
Democratic party. 
He has had long talks with for­ mer Senator JOHN TUNNEY and gave JIMMY CARTER financial and public support in the Presi­ dential campaign 
This year he has taken more 

Pocketbooks hit by soaring house costs 

THE COST of maintaining houses is far outpacing the income of people who live in them, says the 
Census Bureau 
From 197o to 1975, the average cost of renting a house rose 44 

 percent while the income of ren­ ters went up only 25 percent, the bureau reports. 
The value of single family homes increased by 73 percent during the same period while 

 homeowner’s 
4o percent. incomes rose only 

 v t 5h 

 b e f owe 
OPEN 6 DAYS A WEEK 
FOR MEN AND W O M EN 
SMITH HAIR WEAVING CENTER 
2134 Burnet (Hear) 
226-1746, 

The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development blamed the spiraling home rentals on an in­ crease in utility costs, property taxes, labor and maintenance expenses. 

Property taxes, insurance rates, utility hikes and soaring construc­ tion costs are blamed for the ’sky­ rocketing pncetag on single fami-l ly homes. 

I 
The bureau reports the most ex-! pensive area to live in is in the 
Northeast. The West ranks sec-1 end, followed by the North Cen-1 
Ira! region and the South 

 higher costs of! 
, Americans pur 
Despite the home ownership chased new homes in record num­ bers several months ago Close to 
65 percent of Americans currently own homes. 

“People don’t only want a bet­ ter place to live, but they also see buying a home as an investment for the future,” added a HUD offi­ cial. 

V A L U A B L E C O U P O N 

SAVE up to 3 o % on Air Condition­ ing Cost with 
S O M H - * 1 
SUN 
CONTROl EHM on your Windows! 
Clip' or mail coupon for a 1o % 

DISCOUNT on our professionally 
SO LAA-X - installed film in your home, 
CAU 349-6449 SO* ffift ESTIMATE 
SQliAR-X 
OF SAN ANTONIO 
OFFER 
*AErT .« r 
4o1 ISOM RD. (Suite 2Jo) 

Edited by I V O R KEY 

 with contributions by 

Charles Comer, Robin Leach 

; 
- and Philip Finn 

 positive steps. He attended the In­ augural Ball at Washington and got himself photographed along­ side prominent politicians. He al­ so sounded out his old friend 
JACK NICHOLSON for financial support. 
The one cloud on Beatty’s polit­ ical horizon is his swinging single image. According to one Demo­ cratic source, Beatty has been told to get married and preferably to a non-actress. 
“Beatty wants political status more than anything," one of his close friends told me, “and he is now under considerable pressure to get married and present a front that will appeal to voters.” 
The highly publicized clashes between JIMMY CONNORS and the unpredictable ILIE NASTASE are more than publicity sunts. 
BILL RIORDAN, once Connors’ manager, and now Nastase’s can­ didly told us: “Nastase does on my advice.” 
A recent incidenTtook place be­ hind the umpire's seat at the 
World Championship Tennis 1977 
Challenge Cup in Las Vegas 
Jeers, catcalls and plain ol’ curs­ ing ended with a Connors forearm drive to Nastase’s backside and a return volley to Connors’ legs.” 
On the sidelines, Riordan com­ mented: “ That’s the way its got to be. I advised Nastase to go out swearing. 
“Connors wins on hate and by intimidating people The only way to beat him is by intimidating him first ” 
The formula worked Nastase walked off with a victory...and a first prize of $1oo,9oo 

FARRAH FAWCETT-MAJORS doesn't like to be outmatched on the tennis courts either. She turned up for a Palm Springs charity tournament and was piqued to discover that all eyes were on her opponent DONNA 

MILLS who was playing without a bra. 
The forceful Farrah corrected the one-sided viewing during a break. She entered the dressing room and reemerged min­ us...guess what? 
JOE NAMATH is planning to mark his long anticipated move to 
Los Angeles by marrying. The bride-to-be I am told, is not his re­ cent date, the beautiful JACLYN 
SMITH (in our photo, left), but longtime girl friend 
RANDY' 
OATES. 
A dinner date w hich ended rath­ er unromantically involved DAV­ 
ID JANSSEN and ANGIE DICK­ 
INSON. They ducked out through the kitchen of Mr. Chow’s in Bev­ erly Hills to avoid a head on con­ frontation with Mrs. Darn Janssen, cut on a date with RICHARD 
SYLBERT, former vice-president of Paramount. 
Back in New Y'ork, rumors of the 
PETE 
HAMILL-JACKIE 
ON ASSIS romance persist despite the columnist's firm denials 
SHIRLEY MACLAINE,H am ill’s longtime^girlffiend, quizzed on the 
Las Vegas, comment- 
So what. I don’t know wheth­ er its true or not. 
“The only thing I am sure of is that if it is true he will be back.” 

TELLY SA VALAS lost his bat­ tle to film next year’s Kojak se­ ries for CBS in New Y'ork Despite 
Telly's pleas for authenticity, the show will film only two weeks in 
June in the Big Apple 
The rest will all be done in Uni­ versal Studios, Calif. Last sea­ son's show went three times over the budget because of Telly’s de­ mands for realism, and still fin­ ished up at No. 54 in the Neilson ratings. 
If you ever invite BILLY' CART­ 
ER and PAUL NEWMAN to a party, call in a brewery Billy's thirst is no secret, but Newman must be closing up fast for a beer consumption title 
During the filming cf Slapshot he got his daily intake up lo 24 cans. He even keeps cold cans in an imitation alligator ice bucket that pulls out of a rear wall-panei in his midnight blue Cadillac. 
CYRIL SHEPHERD earned no 

 gar Barry Krost at the IL. A. premiere of Black Sunday. 

Help — where’s The Fonz? Roz Kelly, who was Fonzie’s girl on Happy Days, has her hands full with celebrity pho­ tographer Ron Galena at Andy Warhol party in New York. 

 gives pet hens 
$2oo cab ride 
MONEY is still chicken feed to ex-Beatle 
Paul Mc 
CARTNEY. He recently paid out nearly $2oo for a taxi ride from London to Scotland...for his hens. 
The pop star took wife 
Linda and the children to visit the family farm in Scotland. It meant that there was nobody in the 
London home to look after the pet chickens. 
Paul ordered a taxi, and the hens rode 5oo miles in the back seat. 
URSULA ANDRESS concedes that she may need a man to help her through her 4oth year. 
Proudly claiming that she so far has escaped all signs of aging, Ur­ sula said: “The first difficult age for a woman is at age 2o when she grows up and ceases to be a child. 
Thirty is not difficult, but 4o is— and soon I think I will need a man to help me through it.” 
Ma Maison, the sometime din­ ing room of the stars in Holly­ wood, is proving great for the up­ per class car rental firms. Ma 
Maison will allow only Rolls- 
Royces, Mercedes and expensive 
Ferraris to be parked in the fore­ court. The lesser breeds of autos are parked out of sight. 
The outcome is that actors, even those struggling to survive, are hiring big cars af $1oo a night just to save face on Ma Maison’s foi ecourt. 
FRANK SINATRA dropped in to hear Frank Jr. singing in an 
L.A. suburb, and then left without going back stage. Frank. Jr. how­ ever was not entirely forgotten. 
The next day he received a per­ sonal gift from dad...a book on vo­ cal exercises. 

 his birds costly. 

Penny Marshall of Laverne And Shirley eat ice cream at a Hollywood party. 

 marks for popularity at the Tide­ water Dinner Theater in Norfolk, 
Va., where she starred in Shot In 
The Dark as a preparation for 
Broadway. 
Cybil wanted the full star treat­ ment, complete with limo, flowers and extras. 
The theater told her to get lost. 
“If we had met the demands we wouldn't have made any money,” said a spokesman. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
Another lady making demands is BIANCA JAGGER. Now firmly back with husband Mick, she is insisting on a film career. Mick has been finally persuaded, even to the extent of launching her with 
$5o,ooo from his recording profits. 
Mick’s money, however, may not be necessary. Sources close to 
Bianca say she has had contract offers from both MGM and Col­ umbia. 
GOLDIE HAWN firmly believes 

 that anyone playing Superman’s girlfriend should get a super sala­ ry. Unfortunately the studio didn’t agree. They wanted her to play the villain’s girlfriend, Eve and 
Goldie asked tor a $1 million. The search for Eve continues. 

★ ★ ★ 
Although 
GRETA 
GARBO hasn’t made a movie for 35 years, producers still try to tantalize her with million-dollar offers. One of the reasons she nixes them all is that she doesn’t need the money. 
One of the little known facts about the reclusive Garbo is that she has a real-estate portfolio which would put the top agents to shame. Almost every penny she earned from her movies was sunk into property. 
She now has blocks in Manhat­ tan, Hollywood, Sweden and Par­ is. One entire block in Beverly 
Hills houses prestigious stores like Gucci and Courreges, 

Top eaters in U.S. are male teens 

BOYS in their upper teens are the costliest eaters in America, says the Consumer and Food Econom­ ics Institute of the U.S. Depart­ ment of Agriculture. 
The agency reports that on a moderate cost plan, boys from 15 to 19 consume $18.8o worth of gro- 
, certes a week. 
Men from 2o to 54 come next, the agency says. They gobble 
$18.5o worth of food weekly. 
Males completely dominate the average family’s food budget. 
The only time women are among the top five costliest eat­ ers is when they are pregnant. 
The agency found it costs an av­ erage of $18.2o a week to keep a pregnant woman well nourished. 
But eating for more than one gives her an excuse for taking so much out of her family’s grocery money. 
The fourth most expensive member of the family to feed is the 12 to 14 year old boy. He eats an average of $17 worth of food a week. 

FATHERS-TO-BE ALSO GET 
SIGNS OF PREGNANCY 
HUSBANDS imagine they also are getting bigger when their wives are pregnant, according to a recent study. 

Dr. Jacqueline Fawcett, an as­ sistant professor of nursing at the 
University of Connecticut, con­ cluded that men “identify” with their wives during pregnancy. 
She studied 5o married couples at childbirth classes and visited each of them five times. 
She placed a 54-square inch 

 piece of plastic on the floor with a series of concentric circles on it. Each person then stood on the center of the plastic. Mrs. Faw­ cett told each one to look down at the circles and figure out how much space each thought their body took up. 

“The husbands were genuinely surprised to learn their percep­ tions of their space correlated with the stage of pregnancy their wives were in,” Mrs. Fawcett said. 
PUZZLE SOLUTION 

It costs about $16 per week to keep boys nine to ll going strong. 
Their grandfathers are no less ex­ pensive. Men 55 and over con­ sume about $16 worth of food a week also. 

Curly-halred actress Susan Blakely attends a preview or the new movie Black Sunday with friend Steve Jaffe. 

Girls 12 to 19, $15.1o; women 2o to 54, $14.8o; women 55 and over, 
$13.2o; children six to eight, 
$12.8o; children three to Five 
$9.8o; children one and two $8.2o; and infants, $6.9o. 

U p to d u rin g 

\\x 
I I 
; J f l 

 i 

 ii 
I iI 
[ 

\ 
I ti 
I 
Irn 

 ii 

 ii 

I 

! i 
<I | 
__ 
11-nm SB 

W IC-A/DECI 

FCI-22V 

* 
/A 
' 
— mm. 
H 

^REG-38C 

Frigidaire’s best Laundry Pair 

• This w asher gets clothes cle a n er than the best sellin g b ra n d 's best w asher. 

• Fle xib le I -1 8 -lb c a p a city 

• R ugged H ea vy D uty com ponents 
• I I cycles and 2 o options includ in g autom atic 
Knits cycle 

• M a tch in g I 8 -lb dryer 
• G e n tle Flow ing H eat plus Knits and Perm anent 
Press setting 

Frigidaire’s biggest and best Side-by-Side 

Refrigerator-Freezer 

• I o o % Frost-Proof 

• 2 2 .o cu ft total re frig e ra te d volum e 

• 8 .1 o cu ft fre e ze r com partm ent 

• 4 fu lly -a d ju sta b le ca n tilever shelves 

• M e a t Tender and 2 V e g e ta b le H y d ra to rs 

• A u to m a tic Ice M a k e r, a v a ila b le at extra charge 

Frigidaire’s elegant 

Ceram atop Range 

• Sm ooth, easy-to -use C e ra m a to p su rface 

• Electri-clean O v e n 

• A u to m a tic C o o k m a ste r oven controls 

• E a sy -V ie w S u rfa ce U nit C o n tro ls 

• H ot S u rfa ce sign al light 

• Full-w idth sto rag e d ra w e r 
FRIGIDAIRE WASHERS 

PRICED 
AS 
LOW 
AS *249 
95 

Frigidaire’s unique 
“ JET 
AC­ 

TION” agitator gets clothes 

 cleaner! See your dealer for a 

 free dem o today, and w e’ll 

 show you how 

FRIGIDAIRE “ SOCKS IT TO ’EM” 

SAATHOFF^ 
8o7 S.W. Military 
924-83o1 
1134 Hildebrand 
734-5o56 
APPLIANCE & T.V. WORLD 

7123 San Pedro 
342-1951 

JOSKE’S OF TEXAS 

MAJOR APPLIANCES— ALL STORES 

BENNIE’S T.V. & APPLIANCE 

13227 Nacogdoches 
655-4389