SWEEPSTAKES ’77 
BONUS 

A dream vacation to Mexico City 

( 
SEE PAGE 3 -A 
) 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

35<t 

MARCH 27, 1977 

OF YESTERYEAR 
SEE PAGE I -H 

THE SUNDAY 

Voters Guide 
HANDY PULLOUT FORMAT 
CITY AND AREA 
MOST COMPLETE LISTINGS 
EXPRESS NEWS 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

FORECAST 

Cloudy, thunder­ storms. 
High, mid- 
7os. Low, upper S6s. 
Details, Page IID. 

SATURDAY H m PERATURES 
IN C O IU M N T W O 

A irport boom meant lots o f , lots o f grief 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
GRAPEVINE — On the night of Sept. 21, 1973, the movers and shakers of North Texas gathered to toast the symbol of a new era, the mighty Dallas-Fort Worth airport. 
The mood was euphoric as tr u m ­ peter Doc Severinson's horn sounded a 

 clarion call for the good tim e s , a launching of an economic boom. 
Tom and Ruth were not invited, but no m a tte r. When the ultra-m odern airport opened four months later, they expected to prosper along with ever­ yone else. It was boomtime. 
The blaek-tie revelry' saluted an air­ port, hut it represented much more 
This was not just another airport. 
Bock: Let’s jam 
Selm a’s radar 

By DICK MERKEL 
IXPRESS-NCWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — Selm a, a tiny municipal island on IH35, is surrounded on three sides by 
San Antonio, Universal City and 
Live Oak. 
On the fourth side there’s 
State Rep. Bennie Bock II of 
New Braunfels. 
And Bock is closing in. 
As lute as lust week, Universal City was trying to wipe Selma off the map 
— although it s practically impossible to find Selm a on m ost m a p s — by challenging its incorporation as ille­ gal 
However, Selma and Universal City settled their annexation differences when Universal City got the disputed acreage. 
So, now here comes Bock. 
His approach is slower . . . m ore subtle. 
The New Braunfels legislator would simply eliminate Selm a’s m ain busi­ ness v enture — operating a speed trap. 
Bock's HBI 1o6. which will be heard in com mittee here Ibis week, would also cra m p the style of o th er co m ­ munities who let their radar run ram ­ pant on state or federal highways. 
Bear Valley 

But, while Bock avoids naming Sel­ ma specifically, there can be little doubt his measure is aim ed particu­ larly at the capital city of “ The Valley of tile Bears,” a nickname (Tiers have given Selma’s radar operation. 
The hill, which will be heard Tues­ day evening before the House Com­ m ittee on T ransportation, provides these Selma-type stoppers: 
• It would apply to all cities, towns and villages having a population ol 
2.3oo or less. 
• It provides a specific schedule of fines which municipal judges can col­ lect from heavy-footed motorists cap­ tured by local police on a state or fe- 
Amin claim s 
CIA infiltrating 

ASSOCIATED RRtSS 
NAIROBI. 
Kenya 
— 
Ugandan 
President Idi Amin accused the U.S. 
Central 
Intelligence 
Agency 
Satur­ day of using Christian denominations as a cover for subversion and said he would bar all foreign aid to churches in his country. 
“ Imperialist agents and the CIA are using the church as a weapon for sub­ versive activities and assassinations,” 
Uganda radio quoted Amin as saying 
Amin has often accused missionaries of being CIA agents, and it was not clear whether the scores of British and 
American missionaries in the country would be affected by A m in ’s latest statement. 
Last Friday, Dr Donald Coggan. the archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican C h u rch , told rep o rters he prayed for Amin s overthrow, 
Amin. who claims to talk directly to 
God, said he had in v ited Bishop 
Coggan to Uganda so he could learn the fails instead of lies “ spread by Jews and exiled Ugandan churchm en.” 

 deral highway running through the ci­ ty limits 
From one to five miles per hour over the posted speed limit it's $1 for each mph, or a maximum of $5. From six to 
15 mph over the limit it’s SI.75 per mph, or a maximum of $17.5o. 
Everything over that will cost the speeder $2 for each mile per hour. 
Then com es the real “ k ic k er” in 
Bock’s bill. 
• All fines and court costs collected by the city must be put in the munici­ pal treasury. Once the bank balance exceeds 18 per cent of the city’s total income from all other sources, the rest of the money goes to state. 
T h e re ’s seldom been an accurate public accounting of Selm a’s income 

This one. they said, would trigger an u nprecedented land and in d u strial boom It would bring new restaurants, hotels, shopping centers, light industry and teeming warehouses 
New cities would spring up and ex­ isting communities would expand and flourish. Dallas and Fort Worth would truly become one mighty rnetroplex. 
New people, new money. They would 
BILLIE 
JEAN 
WINS 
AGAIN 
Marquette to meet 
N. Carolina 

 pounce on the land around tho airport and transform it. They won’ I turn the gentle, em pty landscape into a pro­ sperous spread of freeways and build­ ings. 
Tom and Kuth wanted a piece of the action, and so did those with larger, even enormous amounts of money to invest. 
Like hundreds of others, the two took 

 their life savings — in their case. 
$2o,ooo — and answered the siren ’s song of the real estate syndicators. 
D-FW Airport land speculation was tin* hottest game in town, if not in the entire country, and both high and low rollers were playing it. 
It would cost Tom and Ruth their money, their marriage and more. 
“Tom was reluctant,” a close friend 

 in the real estate business explained recently, “ But everyone was doing it and everyone was making money. We watched land jump from $1,ooo an acre to $5,ooo, then SlO.OlMl, $2o,ooo and even 
$3o,ooo. 
“ They expected to double their in­ vestm ent in less than a y e a r ,” the 

Details in 
Section S arms halts sales 

& 

W ASHINGTON p o s t SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - President 
Curter is holding up action on about $6 billion in U.S. arms sales to foreign nations in an undeclared moratorium that has been in effect since his admin­ istration took office. 

That's her 

Undaunted by Saturday's fog and rain, singer Vikki Carr strolls along Paseo del Rio with Bro. William 
Dooling of Holy Cross High School. Miss Carr gave her sixth annual benefit for Holy Cross Saturday night in Convention Center arena. — Staff Photo by Pat Hamilton 
Express-News wins 14 awards 

SRE ct a i t o the e x m s s n e w s 
DALLAS — The San Antonio Ex- press-Npws captured 12 awards, in­ cluding two for community service. 
Saturday in the 1978-1977 annual Texas 
Associated Press Managing Editors 
Assn. contest. 
And a writer for the Express-News, 
Edna McGaffey, won two first-place awards at a meeting of the Texas Press 

Inside the E xpress-N ew s 

Action/Express............ ............ IUD 
Soap Operas.......... 
.......... HD 
A rts.................................. . Magazine 
Sports...................... •..«« Section S 
B u sin ess...................... . Section ii tteather .................. . . . . . . ........ IID 
Classified........................ , Section M 
C O L U M N I S T S 
Deaths.............................. .......... 27.M 
Ann L an ders...... . . . . . ■..........HE 
Dedication Rewarded . ..............IK 
Dan Cook ................ . . . . . i............28 
Editorials........................ ..............SH 
Dan Klepper.......... . . . . . . ............ 
I U S 
Horoscope...................... ............ IE 
Dear Abby.............. . . . . . . ......... .H E 
Mot i e s ........................... . Magazine 
Jack Anderson.... . . . . . . . . . . . . 7H 
P olitics.............................. 
3H 
VAI URDA Y S TCMPCRATURCS 

Chuckle 
1 o m . 6« 
9 ani 
2 a rn 
68 
IO o r . 
J a rn. 6J 
Ham 

66 
67 
6/ 

J p m 
71 
6 p m 
/I 
7 p m 
7* 

D u ! v i m k n o w that Alaskans arc* 
4 a rn. 
6/ 
N oo n 
6/ 
( p m 
6V mentioned in H ie* Good Book? The 
J O m 
6/ lpm. 
6 a rn 
66 
2 p m 
69 
EQ 

9 p m 
69 
IO p m 
6 * text reads: “ Many un* eold tint few 
/ o rn 
66 
3 p m. 
6 o m 
66 
4 p m 
69 to 

I t p m 
69 
/VnOmpnl 69 are frosten.” 
I I ITH YEAR N O . 51 
25o PAGES 
I 

Olh cr San A n to n io n e w s p a p e r s won nothing in two con­ tests a n n o u n c e d S a ­ turday 

Women. Inc. in Wichita Falls 
The Express was cited for commun­ ity service for local natural gas supply controversy coverage. 
This included stories on lawsuit settlement talks between City Public 
Service and Coastal States Gas Corp. and editorials. 
The editorials urged City Council to turn down a Coastal States settlement offer last August. The editorials urged the city to push the gas lawsuit and work for a better settlement. 
Another settlement offer was made in December that was more than $25 million better for the city than the 
August offer. 
The proposed settlement may end the long controversy which goes back to 1972 between CPS and its gas sup­ pliers. Contest judges awarded the 
Express an honorable mention. 
The News won an honorable mention in community service for coverage of the controversy over sick pay for po- 

 licemon and fire fighters. 
The original story on accumulated sick leave was w ritten by News re­ porter Jesse Clements. It was followed by editorials which urged the repeal of accumulated s»ek pay 
The Texas Legislature is presently considering repealing the law granting the unlimited sick pay provisions 
In the team effort category, the Ex­ press picked up an honorable mention for coverage of the NBA-ABA basket­ ball merger. 
S to ries cited by contest ju d g es rangi*d from on-the-scenc reports in 
Hyannis, M ass., to reaction stories from the fans The Express was the only T ex as n ew sp ap er to staff the merger talks last year iii Hyannis. 
Six staff writers were involved in the merger stones 
Winning second place iii sj>ot news was Cheryl Coggins of The News staff for her story, “ Bride Bought for 
$59o,ooo’’ on the Jo h n and Jo an 
McFarlin divorce 
Sports 
Jim Hutton, a News sports writer, pick»*d up second place in spot shirts for his story on the Ayala-Elorde fight. 
Photographers ll NL Dean Jr. and 
Pat Hamilton each won a second place photo award 
D ean’s winner was a sports photo 

Carter said Jan. 24 that he did not contemplate “ an abrupt and total ter­ mination” of foreign arm s sales, but no sale requiring notification to Con­ gress has gone forward since Carter took office. 
The purpose of the moratorium is to give government officials time to draft the new ad m in istratio n ’s arm s sale policy which will be formally titled 
Presidential Review Memorandum 12. 
Presidents Nixon and Ford encour­ aged arm s sales in part as a way to strengthen U S. balance of trade after the price of oil quadrupled in 1974. 
Carter, in contrast, promis€»d during his cam paign for the presidency to change the arm s sales policy which he called, “ as cynical as it is dangerous.” 
Leslie ll B Gelh. d irecto r of the 
State D epartm ent’s Bureau of Politi­ co-Military Affairs, is running the in­ teragency review of arm s sales. The first deadline w a s March 15 and offi­ cials now hop.* the review will be* fin­ ished by late next month The present draft is reported to bt* 188 pages. 
April 

White House officials said they hope to subm it C arter’s arm s sales policy paper to Congress late in April. 
Although the State Department has been heavily engaged in the prepara­ tion of the new policy memorandum, it has made recommendations of appro­ val or disapproval on roughly $8 billion in a rm s sales and sent them to the 
White House national security adviser 
Zbigniew B rzeztnskl’s office where they remain. 
P erhaps the most controversial of these sales is $1.14 billion in improved 
Hawk m issiles for Saudi A rabia, a commercial salt* agreement signed by tilt* Raytheon Corp with the Ford Ad­ ministration's approval last June. 
Carter has said he wants to Im* per­ sonally involved in such controversial a rm s sa les and in F e b ru a ry he canceled a sale to Israel of CBU-72 concussion bombs that Ford had ap­ proved last October. 
C arter’s campaign statem ents urg­ ing a reduction in am is sales and his rep e a te d s ta te m e n ts th a t nothing should be done to endanger the stnur- 
Uy of Israel would appear to conflict with approval of the Hawk sale. 
Hawk sale 
On the other hand, defense contrac­ tors, the Pentagon and the Saudi Ara­ b ia n s w ant th e Hawk sale to go through 
Defense industries are troubled by the delay in arm s sale approvals alth­ ough none is com plaining publicly. 
Corporations are faced with the prob­ lem of holding to prices arrived ut se­ veral months ago despite increased costs. V ought Corp. of D allas has pinned its hopes for surviving as a major aerospace contractor on getting permission to sell HO AV attack jets to 
Pakistan. 

 m ilitary I 
•an. Israel fe|| l i f t lr» m n . I 
^ 

Alm ost all U.S. foreign sales are to NATO nations, Iran and Saudi Arabia. There is little con troversy over the size of NATO pur­ chases as Gel!) said in a Foreign Policy magazine article last winter. 
Arms sales were* “ not a problem of quantity except for the Middle East area,” he wrote before joining the ad­ ministration. 
The Senate Foreign Relations Com­ mittee already had acted, asking the administration to submit a study of the policy implications of arm s sales to the 
Persian Gulf area before approving I any more sales to that region. 
Leverage 

One result of the Presidential Re­ view 
M em o ran d u m will he the establishment of an \rm s Export Con- j trol B oard, acco rd in g to re lia b le L sources. State officials see the board as J a way to reduce Pentagon leverage m f making deals for selling arm s abroad. £ 
The board will be chaired by L u c y ! 
Wilson Benson, under se creta ry ot J state for coordinating security assis- y tance p ro g ram s. Benson will have m e m b ers of all concerned d e p a rt-1 m**nts plus an observer from the White | 
House National Security Council on the board, which will make its recom­ mendations to the President through the national security adviser. 
Carter and his Cabinet officials have stressed that other nations must coo­ perate with the United States if con-r! 
See ARMS, Page UA 
"So th e n I told the 

PLA TTSBURGH, N Y. - J a m e s 
Stark spent four hours inside a su b ­ merged car in Lake Champlain Early 
Saturday not kwiwing if he would ever get out alive. He got out and got a ticket. 
Stark, 18, of Keesville, was traveling I along Route 9 si»uth of here late Friday J when his car careened E iff a curve,* down an embankment and flipped u p -1 side down Rito the lake, slate police said. 
Stark crawled into the hack seat, where a pocket of air made it possible lor him to survive, troopers said. 
“ He didn’t know how much water he was in so he was very a p p re h e n s iv e ly about opening the door,” said trooper I 
Don Buckley. “ But after about f o u r ’ hours he decided to lake his chances and get (tut." 
As it turned out, the car was only in a few feet of water and Stark was able to gel to shore E asily. He went to a nearby residence and repEirted the incident to 

 poliC E * 
They gave him a ticket for failing to keep to the right. 

IN ST A N T M O V IE S 
> 

A HO C IA EID RC I U 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Polar old Corp engineers have deve loped a laboratory system of in slant motion pictures which th* firm’s founder and chairman hails as the birth of a new art. 

In describing the firm's hope*- for the new camera system in an annual report Friday. Chairman 
Edwin Land wrote, “Our camera for liking images must be as easy to use and as easy lo load and as versatile as our camera for still images and our means (or looking at living Images should be even simpler than for television 
“ tthatever photographic proce­ 

 dures are being carried out should be unknown, nonexistent for anyone using the whole system, 

"Ideally a cassette, like the lit­ tle m agnetic tape c a sse tte s, should be dropped into a pocket in the camera. 

“ ttben the living images have been recorded, the cassette with no manipulation should he ready to be placed in a pocket in the viewer and then you should be seeing the living image. 

“ In our laboratories we are hating this total experience. A new art has been born.” 

(OMPint IFilT-l-lOMK PRODUCTS AVAIIABII, 

o 6 5 o B a n d e ra R ood 

St. Augu»ttr>a (Carpet) 
G R A S S . . . r u u p a u i t o # i u n ­ le ss THAN A PUU PA U IX...................... 
1 . o 7 »+ y4 

PUNLA TAM .. ru u p a iu t 
I . 3 o •+ f A 
USI THAM A tau PA illt.............. 
1 . o o ,4. 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Com e Visit O ur Com plete 6 
Acre 
G arden 
Center with everyday "F A R M TO Y O U " 
PRICES A nd SAV E ll 

ORIN Daily 8 -7 P.M. 
6 o 4 - 2 1 1o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

Discharge to cover 
6-year 
AWOL 

A m e ch a n ic who was arrestee! for being AWOL nearly seven years after the U.S. Army sent him home has decided to accept its offer of an honorable discharge 
But the Lebanon. Ohio, man says he will appeal for more back pay. 
Larry Florea, 2H, claims there was a mix up in Ins orders years ago when the Army told him to go home and await new orders that never came. 
. 
A month ago, when he reported to a military installation seeking a formal discharge, he was arrested and re­ turned to active duty. 
The Army offered him the honora­ ble discharge and 135 days’ buck pay 
Wednesday. At first. Army spokes­ men had said he would probably receive a less-than-honorable dis­ charge or a court-martial 
But Florea said he wants back pay for “ the full th ree y e a r s ,” the amount of time he would have re­ mained iii the Army if the mix-up had not occurred. 
He said his lawyers will file a written appeal Monday. 
He also will seek written clarifica­ tion on whether he is entitled to veteran’s benefits. 
Florea requested the discharge in 
February so he could apply for a 
Veterans Administration home loan. 
The Army's offer would pay Florea for four periods of time surrounding dates when he visited military in­ stallations trying to resolve his sta­ tus. 

Actor who posed nude is worried about his image 

Actor Burt Reynolds says he’s proved his ver­ satility in 21 years as an actor but still has a problem. “ All I get is scripts in the tradition of 
Jam es Bond or about, a good ol’ Southern boy,’ he said. “ If I have to play one more redneck. I may commit hari-kiri.” 
Reynolds was in Miama. Fla., filming “ Semi- 
Tough." a movie based on the popular book about football players whose successes and failures are not necessarily limited to the football field. 
“ I need to stretch a little bit as an actor," 
Reynolds said. “ But no one wants to offer me anything but jumping around into a car and doing donuts around the courthouse.’’ 
Since no one else is offering him the kind of roles he wants, Reynolds said he soon will both act in and direct a black comedy called "The 
B. REYNOLDS 
Bud" about a man who believes he is dying. 
Yves claims 
^H jjH H R K R j he's not dead l l 

\ parked 
J r a f l in B a r is a p p l a u d e d Y \ c s 
Saint Laurent's fur collection last w e e k , e x p e c t i n g th.it t h e d e s i g n e r 
H r 
WSM to take 
J H S 

Ile s m ad at the press for m g lie ts d e a d . " said a s p o k e s m a n for the 
M 
H 
N 
I as 11 ] on house. who s h r u g g e d wh en It 
'e sti 11 that his ap p ea ri n g only encouraged such talk. 
Gustav Zumsteg, a Saint-Laurent friend who makes most of his fabrics, said he had just come from lunch with the designer and had found him fine. 
A rumor that Saint-Laurent had died made the rounds in New York and 
Washington recently. 

C ou n try m usic star Loretta Lynn s a u t o b io g r a p h y , 
“ C o a l 
M i n e r s 
D a u g h t e r , " m ay be m a d e into a movie. M o on e y Lynn, her husband, said negotiations are under w ay for a movie based on the book. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH ll 
Queen finds dogs interesting 

Queen Elizabeth II dropped in on a 
Darwin. Australia, family Saturday and found a common interest in dogs 
— Welsh corgis. 
The lady of the house, Jan Hast­ ings. had been worried about what to say to the Queen during her brief 
1o-minute visit. The corgis saved the day. th e visit was a highlight of Queen 
Elizabeth's brief stay in Darwin be­ fore she and her royal party took a jet to Free mantle in western Australia for the last stage of her jubilee tour of 
Australia. 
And now for something unusual 

Did you hear about the rooster who goes crazy when he watches Johnny 
Carson? Or what about the butcher who was beaten up with a frozen chicken? 
Those stories and more are includ­ ed in today’s “ F lip Side of the news” 
 press-New s. 

Economy heading upward 

By CLYDE; ll. FARNSWORTH 
MIW VOW U M tS StRVlCl 
WASHINGTON — The American economy has overcome the adverse consequences of one of the coldest winters of the century and is moving back on a track of 5 to ti per cent higher annual growth. 
If this situation prevails, by yearend the U.S. should be within striking range of a $2 trillion Gross National Product. 
The first quarter didn t turn out too 
... well, as the weather dampened output of goods and services east of the Mis­ sissippi. Yet, as the February figures poured out of Washington’s statistical mills, a picture emerged of a surpris­ ingly resilient — even in some sectors robust — economy. 
Consumer buying 

The co n su m er is buying again. 
Housing starts and steel shipm ents were higher. Industrial production was strong. Auto men were predicting a banner ll million car year, second only to 1973. 
On top of a lengthening of the work week, there was a substantial increase in overall employment in February, bringing the cum ulative rise to 1.2 million persons added to payrolls since 
November. 
But increases in the labor force, caused by the e n try of grow ing numbers of youths and women (nearly half of all married women now work). 
Collegians hit Florida beaches 

ASSOCIATED MIESS 
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. 
— Thousands of college students on sem ester break are beating a p a th to Florida. But this spring they’re more interested in beer. the beach and the opposite sex than drugs and demonstrations. 
A few years ago. police said arrests averaged 5o-75 a day, mostly on drug charges. Today, th e y ’re a v e ra g in g eight to IO daily, mostly for disorderly intoxication. 
In the late ’6os and early ’7os, there were also beachside dem onstrations against the war in Vietnam and rock throwing confrontations with police. 
“ Basically, they’re back to beer and sex." said Ed D ela-V ergne, a city public information officer. “ T hey’re down here for a sun tan. booze and to find someone to fall in ‘like’ with for a week. It s come full circle in the past 
15-2o years.’’ 
No confrontations 
“They want more cheap food places, more beach parking and they a re n ’t looking for confrontations.’’ he said 

'Basically they're hack to beer and sex . . . it's come fait circle in the past 15-2o years 

The w inter, which brought snow em ergencies and heat ratio n in g to northern cities, also brought the young sun seekers south earlier and in larger numbers so far this year. 
Two weeks before Easter, officials estimate as many as 5o,1)oo people are lammed into this resort city famous for its four-mile stretch of white sandy beach and rolling surf. 
And the worst is yet to come as more colleges go on semester break.’’ said a police officer. 
At some hotels, the stu d e n ts are piling eight and IO into a room. They sleep little and eat even less. But they drink plenty. 
2nd generation 

“ It s second generation and they’re going back to the good old ways," said 
Bub Eberhardt who was a lifeguard here 2o years ago. “ They’re kids that 

UR EXCLUSIVE 3-BUTTON VESTED TROPICA 
SUITS. NATURAL SHOULDER MODEL WITH PATCH- 
FLAP POCKETS: IN SOLID SHADES OF NAVY, TAN 
AND OLIVE. POLYESTER AND WORSTED BLEND IN 
AN INTERESTING WEAVE THAT HAS THE APPEAR­ 
ANCE OF HOPSACK, $165. 

 come here — college crowd — same as back then. They Ye looking for a hell raising Unit*, beer drinking and party­ ing “ 
The youths drive as far as 1.ooo miles or more. Then, just to see the friends they have on cam p u s, they stand in line 9o minutes to get into a crowded bar that charges $1.25 for a beer. 
"Y eah, sounds erazy doesn t it," said Peter Dectic, 2o. an Allentown. 
Pa., native from the University of Ma­ ryland. "B ut, well, I guess it’s just getting together in a different atm os­ phere that’s fun.” 
By day, they bake in the blistering 
Florida sun. 
Status symbol 
" I t ’s a status symbol to go home with a tan,” said bikini-clad Lynn 
Snyder, 2o, of Baltimore, Md. 
At night, they drift along the ocean­ side strip, in cars or on foot, stopping to elbow their way through discos that are as packed as the beach is during the dav. 
"W e’re spending our days on the beach and our nights walking the strip, getting drunk and looking for girls," said Don W'eleh, 21. a senior who came down with 3o others from the Univer­ sity of Cincinnati. 
Richard Epstein, 19. from Bayonne, 
N.J., said sometim es conditions are too crowded. "A guy pieksup a girl and he has no place to go. There are seven girls sharing her room, IO guys in his." 
Better behaved 
Old-timers say the collegians seem better behaved and have more cash than those who once held Surfside pro­ tests of the draft or the Vietnam war or who supported the Indian rig h ts movement or wound up in rock and bottle throwing battles with police. 

V IS IT IN G college students on their la ste r break form line in front of a Fort Lauderdale beach bar w aiting to get in for a cooling brew. 

COLLEGE girls from the cold north soak up sun on a Fort Lauderdale beach. 

'President Carter's p ro ­ gram o f economic sti­ mulus^ actin g on the fa vora b le trends that already exist, is a posi­ tive factor' 

 still left more than 7 million jobless, a figure that haunts the White House and 
Congress. 
To try to bring the figure down. 
Congress has been moving relatively rapidly to activate an economic stim u­ lus program not too different from what President Carter proposed last 
January. 
The components — a $5o tax rebate, modest tax cuts for individuals and tax credits for business, additional spend­ ing for public service and public works jobs — are nearing the final stages of the legislative process. 
Barring unforseen difficulties in the 
Senate next week, the Treasury w ill be mailing out a $5o check to nearly every 
American at a rate of 12 million to 14 million a week beginning in late April. 
Precedent 
Though many are worried about the precedent of two tax rebates within two years and the inflationary implications of huge baek-to-baek fiscal deficits, there is little doubt the money will give a fresh impetus to consumer spending, at least over the short term. Some of it, how ever, will be absorbed by the higher fuel bills. 
“ P re s id e n t C a r t e r ’s p ro g ra m of economic stim ulus acting on the fa­ vorable trends that already exist, is a positive factor in the outlook," Chase 
Manhattan Bank economists wrote in their newsletter “ Business in Brief " 
" A s p roposed, the size of the program seems likely to promote pro­ duction and employment without m a­ terially raising the rate of inflation iii prices and wages." 
Congress has not altered the dimen­ sions. materially. 
"I believe the prospects for the next 
12 months are quite good." adds It 
Heath Larry, vice chairman of United 
States Steel Corp. and chairman of the 
N ational 
A ssociation of 
M anu­ facturers. Though anxious about infla­ tion and uncertain how they will fare iii the energy program to be announced next month, many businessmen share 
Larry's basic optimism. 
Economic expansion 
Echoes are heard in the Federal Re- serve Board, where Chairman Arthur 
F. Burns points out that the "financial cnviromnment in our country is now conducive to economic expansion, as is evidenced both by the state of liquidity 
(ready cash) that generally prevails and by the truly striking fact that the level of interest rates is appreciably lower than at the beginning of the re­ covery.” 
The raw Gross National Product fi­ gures last year showed an econ oft! y that seemed to be unwinding, stirring fears that a new recession in iglu be gathering when unem ploym ent was still uncomfortably high. 
F rom an unusually buoyant annual growth rate of 9.2 per cent in the first quarter last year, CNP dropped to 2 ti 
|ht cent in the fourth quarter. 

Analysts point out. however, that 
Blere was som e m is u n d ersta n d in g about what Hie figures were really saying. The GNT* m easures the total economic activity including tile goods com panies buy — or sell — in the w arehouses w here they keep th eir supplies. 
Companies were overstocked iii the first quarter and therefore were selling from their inventories. The liquidation of stocks was tile main factor behind the slowdown. "F in al sa les" in the economy — the economists’ term for ever.\thing in the GNT* except the changes in inventory — showed a dif. rerent picture. Final sales actually rose in every quarter last year. In the final quarter they were up 5.7 per cent. 
The econom y was th u s ac tu ally g a th e rin g s tre n g th w hen the cold weather hit, causing the energy shor­ tages that led to interruptions of pro­ duction. 
Econom ic bills stalled 

Friday, so it is not likely to do more than make a bare start on consideration of the tax bill this week. 
The House lias passed a big public works jobs bill, contemplating $4 billion over two years to reduce unem ploym ent. In the S enate, however, it bas become enmeshed with controversial water pollution abatement measures that seem certain to slow it down. 
Also passed by the House was a $23.3 billion special economic stimulus appropriation to fund important elem ents of C a rte r’s program After scheduling it for debate, however, Senate leaders yielded to demands that the basic authorizing legis­ lation be enacted first and pulled the appropriation off the schedule. 
At the request of S peaker T hom as P. “ T ip ” 
O’Neill, a meeting of the top Democratic leadership in both chambers has been called for Tuesday to review (tie status of the administration legislation and try to reach agreement on a timetable. 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The b lazing speed 
Democratic leaders hoped to achieve for enactment of President C arter’s m ajor economic proposals appears to have slowed to a brisk pace. 
Hopes are gone that Congress might leave several key measures on Carter’s desk for signature before starting the Easter recess April 7. And apparently taxpayers will have filed their April 15 returns on last year’s income before they can know what the revenue tap on their 1977 earnings will be. 
The tax bill that would provide $5o payments to most Americans, the first big element of C arter’s two-year, $31 6 billion program to boost the econ­ omy, has cleared the House. But in the Senate it is backed up behind the dispute over ethical rules for senators, including the question how much they should bt allowed lo earn beyond their federal salary cf $57,5oo. 

The Senate will not vote on that measure before 

 f r f U M 
CODVMIY 
H OUSTO N ST AT BROADW AY 
4 1 l l M cC U H O U G M 
. 

DOWNTOWN 9 .IO TO 5 3o MON THRU SAT 
SUBURBAN 3o TO 6 OO MON THRU SAT 

 h a r k in g Bt HIND D O W N TO W N STORt 
Alt m a j o r CRI DIT CARDS H O N O R IO 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NE W S — Sunday March 27 I 9 7 7 . 
H 

She only wanted to help 

Paul Thompson Is speaking before the 
Associated Press Managing Editors convention in Dallas this weekend. His 
, column will resume when he returns. 

All she intended to do was help a man out of some trouble. 
But 75-year-old Mrs. Kila Byrd was robbed for her efforts, she told police. 
And the culprit even took the jar of pennies from Mrs. Byrd’s four-room duplex at 2316 Santa Monica St. 
Mrs. Byrd w asn’t hurt during the incident Saturday, hut she listed her losses as about $25 cash and a radio as well as the jar of pennies. 
Police said the woman had gone shopping and was carrying packages inside her house about 1:3o p.m. when a man walked up to her. 

The culprit even took the j a r o f pen n ies f r o m Mrs. 
Ella fly rd's duplex 

‘‘I had just gotten in the house and I put my packages down and then saw someone was at the door,” she said. 
“ He said he had car trouble and wanted to call the police,” she told police while glancing at the wallet pictures of her grandchildren strewn on her living room floor. 
The woman told officers she gave the telephone number to the man and he appeared to make a call and spoke with someone over the telephone. 

“ He kept saying he had a knife but I didn’t see it,” she said. 
“He then put me in the clothes closet and he made me hop around and stky inside the closet. ” 
Officers said the man then braced the closet door with a chair and told her not to make any noises. 

“ He told me not to make any sounds or I would be killed,” she told officers. 
“ He said, ‘I don’t want you to see me again so you won’t recognize m e.” 
Police said a witness reported the man then ran out the apartment and headed south on Fredericksburg Road. 
Police were continuing the investi­ gation. 

You may have won 

Summer fun equipment worth a total of $1,3oo is the big prize today for the winner of the Express-News 
$3o,9oo Sweepstakes ‘77. 

Winning Social Security numbers 
 newspaper. 

 lf one of the numbers is yours, you have until 5 p.m. Monday to claim your prize. And if you sub­ scribe to the Express and The News you will also receive $3oo cash. 

 lf you subscribe to one paper or the other you are eligible for a $23o 

 cash bonus on top of the big prize. 

I fs all leading up to the super prize day of April 24, when the 
$1,ooo bonus prize winner will also win a trip for two to Mexico City. 

Entries can be made bv clipping 
 to the Kxpress-News lobby at 3rd 
Street and Avenue E between 8a.m . and 5:3o p.m. weekdays. 

Winning numbers are also posted in the lobby during those hours. 

No purchase is necessary to win. 

Mustangs win both state drill 
% team titles 

SPECA!. TO TMI EXPRESS N EW S 

COLLEGE STATION - Thom as 
Jefferson High School’s boys and girls drill teams won state championships 
Saturday at Texas A&M University. it was the first tim e one school furnished both champions in the drill competition. 

The Jefferson High Crimson Brigade girls team, led by Irma Reyna, and the 
Crimson Guard boys team, led by 
Jam es Cobarruvias, won the 1977 titles over 46 other teams. 

The C rimson Brigade, also the 1975 state cham ps, won first places in inspection, basic and fancy marching phases and tandem drill, sweeping all awards. ll 
Scores in the first three events are combined to determine overall cham­ pions. 

Other San Antonio schools making a run at the stale titles were Roosevelt 
High School and South San Antonio 
High School. 

The T exas A&M com petition is sanctioned by the Adjutant General of 
Texas as the state championships for 
Ju n io r R eserve O fficers T ra in in g 
Corps drill competition. 

Stolhandske: 
Only felons wanted in jail 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
The only people wanted be­ hind the steel bars at Bexar 
County Jail are felony prisoners p<‘rson ,s brous ht int,) Jail and charged 
...........................j 
, 
. j r, with a crime, we cannot take him to the state hospital. It is not equipped for 

There will also be five m axim um security cells for mental cases. 
“That is another unfortunate quirk in the law,” Stolhandske said, “ lf a 

HT 

FORMER mayor of San Antonio Walter W . McAllister is swamped with Happy Birthday greetings, cards, and letters from family members and friends on his 88th birthday Saturday. McAllister enjoyed his day ‘‘with a group of friends and a quiet afternoon of barbecue and watching the rain come down,” he said. As for his longevity, McAllister said: “The Lord's been kind to me. I enjoy good health and keep active, go to the office every day . . . that's had something to do with my ability to live 88 years.” — Staff 
Photo by H.M. Dean Jr. 
F armworkers to attend mass, take up march 

By SARA MARTINEZ 
A tired group of farmworkers rallied at the Alamo Saturday before continuing their 4oo-mile march Sunday from San Juan to 
Austin. 
The Texas Farmworkers “ lucha del c a m p e s in o ” — fight of the f a r m ­ workers — m arch will resume after celebration of mass Sunday morning at 
St. Joseph’s Church 
“We are farmworkers and we can’t express ourselves sometimes,” said 
TEW leader Antonio Orendain. “ But we feel the problems and know what we want. 
“ We have been accused of being uiKxiucaled, but we can still fight for what has been denied us," Orendain told the marchers. 
About 16 m arc h ers left San Ju an 
Feb. 26, walking 15 miles a day. They will b e iii Austin April 1-4 fighting for 
The repeal of right to work laws and the missing of the Agricultural Labor Re­ lations Act. 
“ We d o n ’t have the m u ltitu d e s m arching with u s ,” Orendain said. 
“ But they are m arching with us in so irit and our n u m b e rs have been growing as we near Austin.’ 
“ This is not a Catholic or religious stru g g le ,” the leader said. “ It is a so c ia l struggle. We are fighting to be able to gain our daily bread through the sweat of our brow.” 
Another marcher. Mrs. Maria Salas, told the others to “ use your strength and gain enthusiasm. Nothing comes free and we have a lot of work to do. 
Don’t wait for others to do this work.’’ 

San Antonian Jorge Zaragoza said although there had been few accom ­ p lis h m en ts until now, the f a r m ­ worker’s fight would continue. 

“ The arrival in Austin signifies the start of triumph for the Texas F arm ­ workers,” he said. “ We will go to 
W ashington, D X ,, to fight for our rights if we have to." 

TFW LEADER A n to n io O rendain sp e ak s to farm w o rk e rs 
STATT PHOTOS ST STEVE CAMPBEII 

 a county commissioner said Sa­ turday. 
“ We don’t want the father who didn't pay child support or the d ru n k s .” 
County Com. Tom Stolhandske told 
Citizens . United for the Rehabilitation of Errants. 
Stolhandske and Ray Olivarri. Bexar 
County Jail adm inistrator, discussed the latest improvements at the jail. 
"Ridiculous* 
“ It is ridiculous to put drunks in maxim um security type cells.” Stol­ handske said “ But we have had no place else to put them and a drunk person, under law . has to he incarcer­ ated. 
S to lh an d sk e said since C o m m is­ sioners Court took over the jail. 99 per cent of all fights have involved drunks. 
Drunks 

“ The only’ thing we have trouble with are those brought in who are not in their right mind because of alcohol, drugs or insanity,” Stolhandske said. 
“ Power is needed to subdue them," the commissioner said. “ That is why we are getting them away from the jail and bringing MH/MR into the incar­ ceration unit." 
Construction of a detoxification unit staffed by Mental Health/Mental Re­ tardation personnel will start in April. 
T arg et com pletion date is Ja n u ary 
1978, Stolhandske said. 
The unit will be built adjacent to 
B exar County J a il and will handle drunk cases or any others involving alcohol, 
There will be a dormitory type unit for both men and women and four or five cells for the 
" b e llig e r e n t fighters," Stolhandske said. 
“ Medical personnel will take it from there,” Stolhandske said. “ This should reduce the number of fracases between prisoners and guards.” 

 maximum security." 

O liv a rri said he believes B exar 
County Jail will “come out clean“ in the investigation of priso n er Ju an 
Cepeda’s death Feb. 2o ut the jail 
“We are still sending guards to the 
Departm ent of Public Safety for lie detector tests,” Olivarri said. "In all probability the jail will be cleared 
General sees defense threat 

Candidate Hill gets an awkward endorsem ent 

By ALAN BAILEY 
Atty. Gen. John Hill said Sa­ turday he will be on the ballot in the Democratic primary in 1978, but he stopped just short of announcing for governor. 
Hill s com m ents cam e in a press conference at the Hilton Palaeio del 
Rio Hotel prior to a speech before the 
Moderate Democrats of Texas. 
The newly-formed Moderate Demo­ crats announced at the dinner it would endorse Hill for governor. 
The group also named Hill an hon­ orary charter member. 
Hugo Durand of Corpus Christi, pre­ sident of the organization, said Hill was the second |H*rson to be named an honorary memlier 
The first was Jimmy Carter when he 
W est estate getting ftem porary overseer 

SPtCAl IO tX ffltiS NEWS 

IX)S ANGELES — A temporary ad­ ministrator has been named for San­ dra I lent* West’s multi-million dollar estate while a Superior Court commis­ sioner decides whether San Antonio attorney Fred Soma an or Sol West 111 of Comfort get the bulk of the estate. 
Th# two conflicting wills will be presented for possible probate April ll in a Iais Angeles Superior Court. 
Mrs 
West, 37. died March IO in 
Cheverly Hills. A ruling is landing in her death. Her estate is valued as high as $5 million 
Superior Court Com. Franklin A. 
Dana named Bruce Altman, county rjmblic administrator-guardian, as the special estate administrator. 
A special administrator protects an estate’s assets until a will can be admitted to probate. 

Dana Friday also ordered Mrs. West be temporarily interred while he de­ cides about her burial. 
A 1972 handwritten will names West, her brother-in-law, as major benefi­ ciary providing he sees she is buried 
“ next to my husband in my lace nightgown in my Ferrari with the seat slanted comfortably.” 
The second will, typed and signed in 
Semuan’s office Nov. 23, 1976, makes no mention of burial. However, after 
Mrs 
West signed the will, Semaan said she made an oral request to the attorney that he sees she wears a gold cross and chain her husband had given her. 
Dana plans a hearing in about IO days to determine how the woman should be buried She has been em ­ balmed at Porter Loring Mortuary in 
San Antonio. 

 was running for president last year. 
The g ro u p is m ainly com posed of grass-roots supporters of Carter. Dur­ and said. 
Hill said the endorsem ent placed him in an awkward position since he has not fo rm a lly an n o u n ced for governor. 
‘A sign’ 
The attorney general said he would consider the endorsement as another sign of encouragement. 
“ I am receiv in g a trem e n d o u s amount of encouragem ent from all over the state. It has been very broad basis and from every political philo­ sophy. 
“ I have been pleased to find the depth of public support. I am flat­ tered and humbled," said Hill. 
Hill said he would p ro b ab ly a n ­ nounce his final decision on a race for governor soon after the present session of the Texas Legislature ends. 
“ I would think I will announce the decision no later than June or early 
July. Hut that assum es there are no other developments,” said Hill. 
In June 
Hill also indicated the announcement might come at the annual Texas Bar 
Assn, convention in late June in Hous­ ton. 
In his s|>eech, Hill discussed the fu­ ture of the Democratic Party in Texas and the problems of the state. 
Hill also stressed that the word mo­ derate was a good word. 
"M oderate in some circles means the lack of total commitment. I do not view it that way. It is the rule of reason to solv ing problems. 
"It is sensible action which makes progress," said Hill. 
Durand said the endorsement of Hill was the first by any such political group. 
The Moderate Democrats of Texas was formally formed in October last year. It is composed of people who worked for Carter in the Democratic primary last year, Durand said 
The Moderate Democrats held a lea­ 

 dership conference at the Hilton Sa­ turday. The session was closed, but some 75 Democratic coordinators from throughout the state attended 
Durand said the purpose of the Mo­ derate Democrats was not to form a new political party, but to encourage moderates within the Democratic P ar­ ty. 
CoC: Growth sketch fails on land use 

The Greater San Antonio Chamber of 
Commerce Urban Affairs Committee chairm an said Saturday the city-ap­ proved growth sketch falls to address the impact of controls on land use. 

Bill O’Connell said, however, the chamber will continue "to supi>ort the overall concept of a master plan." 

The residential growth sketch, ap­ proved by City Council Thursday alter last-minute changes, is the first step in preparation of a City Master Plan by the City Planning Commission 

The sketch projects where the city should plan for residential growth for 
3oo.ooo new city residents by the year 
2ooo. 

"T h u rsd a y ’s council action on the growth sketch provided a slight im ­ provement in flexibility," O’Connell said 

"However, it is still our opinion that the approved growth sketch lacks ade­ quate fiscal analysis and does not ad­ dress the overall impact of restrictive land use controls." 

O’Connell said the chamber will work wilh the city to produce an ac­ ceptable plan providing for quality growth, 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
Congress is continuing a dangerous trend of underestimating threats to the 
U.S. defense, the commander in chief of the North American Air Defense 
Command said Saturday. 
In a speech to hundreds of National 
Guard Assn of Texas members meet­ ing at the Convention Center, Gen. 
Daniel “ Chappie” James criticized at­ tem pts to weaken the U.S. defense ixisture. 
He said so m e c o n g re ssm e n are willing to spend more for welfare than defense. 
“ But if not enough is spent for de­ fense'. we won’t have any place to pick up the welfare check.” the general said to applause. 
“ You have to lie willing to maintain a position of strength No one wants to be partners with a weakling.” 
Current reports the United States is 
Guard gives hero awards, scholarships 

A W eatherford machine operator and a N ed erlan d sa le sm e n , both members of the Texas National Guard, received the prestigious K. L. Berry award for heroism Saturday night. 
The award, named for a former adjutant general and given annually by the 2o,ooo-meniber National Guard 
Assn of Texas, was presented at 
NGAT’s 18th annual convention 
The aw ard was given to A 
I). 
Garner, 44. of Weatherford and James 
L Mucha, 26. of Nederland 
More than $44.(MMI in scholarships were aho awarded by NGA I’ to 16 men ami women. 
Local students receiving scholar­ ships were Steven W. Ptnllippus of 
Schertz, $1oo, and Stanley L. Hutto of 
San Antonio, $25o 
The students received the scholar­ ships bused on demonstrated leader­ ship and scholastic achievement. 
NGAT’s new president also has been elected by about 1,5oo mem bers at­ tending the San Antonio convention. 
Ile is Maj Bennie (!. Adair of Mar­ shall. who takes office Sunday. He rep lace s outgoing p re sid e n t Col. 
Jam es B MeGoodwin of Fort Worth 
Other new officers include Lt Col. 
Robert I) Goodman of San Antonio, vice president; Maj. Richard F Har­ rison of Austin, secretary, and Sgt. 

 roughly equivalent in military strength with the Soviet Union are disturbing. 
Jam es said. 
“ It doesn’t get the attention of tyr­ ants in the world,” he said, and re­ duces the deterrent for war. 
“ When the Russians put missiles in 
Cuba and said. ‘Stick em up.’ we said, 
‘You get the hell out of there.’ and they did because we were overpoweringly strong.” Jam es said. 
Although the United States is not looking for w ar, Ja m e s said, “ the other side bas to perceive that we have the big stick, and that we have the will to use it if all else fails.” 
Jam es was the keynote speaker for the 18th annual convention of NGAI’ 
After the speech, he was given a 
Stetson hut and a certificate naming him an h o n o rary citizen of T exas signed by Gov. Dolph Briscoe. 
“ I can now tell my golfing partner 
Lee T revino that he’s 
Texan." Jam es said. not Hie on I \ 

Sunday ideas 

’Indoor**, o utdoors, all a ro u n d 

 t h e 
R i v e t ( T t y 

Maj. John treasurer. 
W. Chaplain of Austin, 

( f r e e evert*s. u n le ss o th e rw ise in d icate d , tor y o u a n d y o u r fa m ily tod ay I 
T U R E E N D I S P L A Y — 
C a m p b e ll C o lle c t io n * so u p tu re e n * on d i*p la v at 6 JO p m at the W itte 
M u se u m , .18o1 B ro a d w a y 
T H E A T E R — 
C h u r c h Theater * 
I for the 
S e e s a w " a l J p m at H W S A la m o S I 
T ic k e t* o re 
U 
C O N C E R T — 
T e » a * B a c h C h o ir at 8 p rn rn St 
L u k e * E p is c o p a l C h u r c h , l l St 
L u k e * L u n e 
D o n a tio n s w ill be re q u e ste d 
O P E R A - Puce im * " L a B o h e m e at 3 p rn in the Theater tor the P e r f o r m in g A r t * 
T ick e t* o r e 
S V W to H T SO 
L A T IN S A L L E T — 
T e re so C h a m p io n D o n e e 
C o m p o n y * re c ita l at J p rn in M u n ic ip a l A u d ito r turn T ic k e t* o re I ? tor a d u lts o n d TI tor c h ild r e n 

T H E A T E R — 
M e lo d r a m a T h e a te r * ‘'T in d e r 
T re a c h e ry or W h e re T h e re * S m o k e T h e re * t ire a* B 3o p m 
T ick e t* o re 13 for a d u lt * a n d S2 far 
C hild re n u n d e r 12 
C O M P O S E R S M E E T I N G - 
S o n A n t o n i o c o m p e t e r* a c c e n s io n on m u sic a l c o m p o sitio n in 
P o ie strin o R e c ita l M o ll ut in c a rn a te W o r d C o lle g e at 3 p rn 
ART SHOW — 
SO* de* R i o * e ih ib t tio n ol the w o r k * ot J o n T ip *, A n a * t a * ia S u m * a n d D a n ie l 
J e n k in * at n oo n at 1o2o T ow n se n d A v e 
C O N C E R T — 
S o n A n to n io Y o u t h S y m p h o n y 
O rc h e st ra ut 3 p rn in B ra c k e n r id g e P o r k 
F I L M — 
O r 
Irw in M o o n * 
F a c t * of F a ith , d e m o n stra tin g the uniq ue c h a r a c te r is tic s of h ig h fre q u e n c y e le c tric ity at b p rn in the S a lv a t io n 
A r m y C itadel. I IO M i C uH o uyh A v e 
D O G S H O W — 
N o t io n a l A m e r i c a n E s k i m o 
S p r in g R o ta tin g D o g Sn ow at noon in the F t 
S a m 
H o u sto n R o a d r u n n e r R e cre a tio n C e n te r 

 x -v 

J I; 

Deliciously detailed, delightfully seasoned with the good taste of Pappagallo, in red and navy, jasmin and camel and navy and Kelly. 
Ours exclusively 28.oo. 

THE HARRIS SHOR KOR PAPPAGAL1X), 

6 7 1 o N . M I W B R A U N E IS 
• 3 8 -1 2 8 1 
M a t t a r C h a r g a and B a n k A m a rlc a rd acc a p f a d 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
JOSH E S 

 u 
A UNIT or ALLIED STORES eauty 9aif 

.................................................................................... ■ i. 
— i i 
^ 
OUR BIGGEST COSME TI C 
EVENT 
ONE WEEK ONLY! SPECIAL IN-STORE DEMONSTRATIONS! NEWEST LOOKS AND 
PRODUCTS! GET A BEAUTY FIAR BONUS OF PRESTIGE PRODUCTS AT NO EXTRA 
COST WHEN YOU BUY A "PURCHASE WITH PURCHASE" SPECIAL, LIMIT I PER 
PERSON! MONDAY MARCH 28 THROUGH SATURDAY APRIL 2 
COSM ETICS, D O W N TO W N, NORTHS STAR, W INDSOR PARK, AUSTIN 

 j 

 rtOflSir------- 
"THE LIP POLISH PALETTE" 
FROM FLORI ROBERTS, NOW 
5.oo WITH ANY 5.oo FLORI 
ROBERTS PURCHASE 

Get a full wardrobe of lip color in 8 razzle- dazzle sh ad es, c o m p le te with a p p lic a tio n brushes. Mix and match these super shiny, wet look shades like so many professionals do1 

CHARLIE'S SHOWCASE, 
THIS BEAUTY KIT IS 
6.oo WITH ANY 5.oo 
CHARLIE CHAZ PURCHASE 

A special kit that will bring out the beauty in you! Includes C oncentrated perfume spray. Fresh Fresh Eyecolor, 
Extra Extra Shine Lip gloss, Real Line 
Blush, and Fresh new Make-Up What a wonderful value! 

FRAGRANCE AND BATH 
COLLECTION FROM 
ARPEGE, 6.oo WITH 
ANY LANVIN PURCHASE 

A delisciou collection including 
Eau de Parfum Atomiseur, I oz., 
Fragrance body Moisturizer, 3 oz 
Fragrance Bath Concentrate 3 oz 
W r a p p e d S o a p C a k e , 3*/« oz , makes a wonderful gift too 

TORTOISE DRESSER 
BOX FROM ULTIMA II, 
IUST 6.5o with a 
5.oo PURCHASE 

A mirrored vanity case with five beauty accessories from Ultima II so you can em erge radian! And cared for! Included are M o istu re Renew l c re m e , U n d e r 
M ake-Up Moisture Lotion in Naturelle, 
Beautiful C re m e M ake-Up in A u rora 
Beige, Super Luscious Liquid Blush in 
M auvewine, and V2 oz. of C iara p e r­ fume spray. 

TAKE NOTES FROM 
BABE, 2.5o WITH A 
5.oo PURCHASE OF 
BABE COSMETICS 

A noteworthy offer for fabulous Babe cosmetics, a handy note pad perfect for phone notes or beauty notes! 

DESIGN FOR BEAUTY 
KIT ONLY 8.5o WITH a 5.oo PURCHASE 
OF SCANDIA 

Redesign your beauty lief with this sp ecial kit from Scandia. 
You get Artesian Basic C leans­ er, Toner, Moisturizer, and Tex- tu n zer, B ru sh -A -T in t, Integra 
Lipstick, Integra Shadow Lin­ ers, and G alore Spray Perfume 
Get the look of honest beauty. 

MAGNIFYING MIRROR 
5.oo WITH A CHARLES 
OF THE RITZ PURCHASE 

An exquisite lucite framed mirror is th e p e rfe ct b eau ty a c c e s s o r y . It m a g n ifie s for c lo s e up d e ta ils. 
Yours when you buy eith er Vei- lesscence Moisture C rem e Makeup o r L i q u i - C r e m e S o f t F i n i s h 
Makeup. Buy either in your choice of shade. 

COUNTRY VINEYARD 
BOWL, IUST 7.5o 
WITH ANY ELIZABETH 
ARDEN PURCHASE 

A beautiful decorative ceram ic a c c e s ­ sory filled with a collection of beauty p rod ucts. In c lu d e s Velva D iffere n ce 
R efining M o istu re C re m e C o m p le x , 
Velve moisture Film, New Great Color 
Lip Gloss, C le ar Shine, and Bye-Lm es 
NightCare C ream Two wonderful gifts in one! 

THE FINE ART OF BEAUTY KIT, ONLY 5.oo 
WITH ANY FRANCIS DENNEY PURCHASE 

C reate a flattering self portrait with these five beauty essentials...Moisture Lip 
Color, tem Mascara, and Hope Perfumed C ologne Spray A perfect beauty com b in a­ tion! 

BEAUTY BONUS CLUTCH, 
6.5o WITH 5.oo 
GEMINESSE PURCHASE 

An envelope clutch bag in leather like tones of camel and rust/brown with a woven look Each clu tch carries a sur­ prise inside . . . G e m isse s Perfum e 
Spray and Enriched C rem e Lip Color in Maple Frost. 

Carter to I 

* get toughy on energji 

WASHINGTON (A P) - P resid en t C a rte r s top e n e rg y ad v iser said S a tu rd a y th at, the ( a r te r adm inistration is considering a series of energy- saving m easures, including a stiff tax on cars with low gasoline mileage. 
Jam es R. Schlesinger also said the recom m enda­ tion s include e n e rg y -e fficie n cy s ta n d a rd s for household appliances and rules to make powerplants burn coal instead of natural gas or oil 
Speaking at a conference of the National Wildlife 
Federation. Schlesinger said that energy conserva­ tion and fuel-switching will be the m ajor ingredients of C arter’s forthcoming energy policy, due April 2o. 
Mandatory 

 will 
And he added that "m andatory m easures be required.” 
Schlesinger said conservation will m ean, among other things: 
•‘‘A requirement for better insulation in homes. 
•“ A requirement for improved fuel efficiency in appliances, both in the home and in industry.” 
* 
•And “ far m ore fuel-efficient c a rs .” a policy th at he said will hit their “ eight-m ile-per-gallon recrea-^ tion vehicles that take you to the outback ... as much as the limousines ” 
Schlesinger said the adm inistration is considering both mandatory regulations and financial incentives to promote energy' conservation. 
Another administration source said one proposal under consideration is a federal tax that would add as much as $5oo to the posted price of new cars that d eliver low gasoline m ile a g e , p erh ap s co u n te r­ balanced by government rebates as high as $5oo to purchasers of fuel-efficient cars. 
This source also said the adm inistration is con­ sidering a financial needle to urge electric power plants and other industries burning natural gas or oil under steam boilers to switch to coal, a far more plentiful fuel. 
The needle would be a rule requiring these plants to pay as much for equivalent am ounts of heat from g as or oil as it would co st in the form of co a l, elim inating the advantage derived from the rela­ tively lower prices of gas and oil. 
Power plants 

B ut Schlesinger told rep o rters after his speech, th at the ‘ ‘m andatory m e a s u re s ” he m entioned 
“ might imply that new power plants would not be permitted to burn natural gas or oil” regardless of price. 
When Schlesinger was asked whether the admin­ istration could induce g reater energy-efficiency in home appliances without imposing m andatory stan­ dards on the m anufacturers, he said the question seem s to answer itself,” appearing to indicate that m andatory standards would be necessary. 
With the April 2o deadline less than a month away, such administration com m ents have begun to give shape to what were only the broad outlines of an energy policy which President C arter has said would cost him some of his present popularity. 
Sch lesinger said C a rte r’s em p h asis on saving energy “ will mean stepping on m any to es.” 
But he said the entire world’s capacity to produce oil and gas will probably p ass its peak and start downhill by 199o, so fuelsaving and the development of other energy sources are essential to avoid econ­ om ic disaster. 

 f 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Kids, get Easter off to a hoppin' good start! 

Have breakfast with the 
Easter Blenny! 

Breakfasts will be held Saturday, 
April 2 and April 9 at 9:oo a.m. 
Tickets must be purchased in ad­ vance and may be charged to your Joske's account. Get yours tomorrow! 

The Downtown Breakfast will be held in the Camellia Room Res­ taurant, fourth Floor. Tickets are available at the fourth floor Tic­ ket Service desk, or phone 227- 
4343, ext. 
3o7. 
Entertainment will be 
Mother 
G oose” by 
T.E.A.C.H. Children's Theater. 

Our North Star Breakfasts will be held in the Star of the North Res­ taurant, third floor. Tickets are available at the Mall level Ticket 
Service desk, or phone 341-6666, ext 3o7. Entertainment stars “The 
Bunnyfloppers” puppets. 

JOSKE’S 
Hi A UNIT or ALLIED STO RES 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

M I A UNIT O F ALLIED STORES 

 iii#..... 
:,u -I. <r M 

Germans 
I 
Celebrate 
Com poser 

‘“‘••im, 

-•WWWW...,. 

K if » ;‘rsnr; 

Spipftt 

IS y y 

H I 

It s your day in tho sun, a spring day just made for laughing, pie 

 nicing and sharing . . . a day to rediscover each other and all 

 the reasons you have for being in love. Her Hawaiian print tied- 

 at-the-waist shirt and matching halter top are perfect for a day 

 that starts cool, turns warm. By San Francisco Shirt Works in 

 cotton, sizes S, M, L, 15.oo the set. The drawstring waist pants by 

Trousers Up have a zip front for a snug, body-conscious fit. Sizes 

5-13 in cotton, 18.oo. His hooded sweatshirt is great in any 

 weather. By Left Bank in polyester-cotton terry, sizes S, M, L, XL, 

22.oo, it s the ideal partner for his Prime Time indigo denim bell 

 bottoms, 28-38 waist sizes, 2o.oo. The 442 I D. Shop and Junior 

Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Jw*wja» lotus* Oo*. 
***9 Cto?-. w>4 *m My A. C> 
N*<* 
I Clo?. rn Au# AA-Ma? iktmtgb lud o# 
A**© pub*1**## on u AA i« My 4, 
Ooy N e* ¥*u* » do? *o#* a * a pf#* 
• 

... t 
W* A n ic n .y * 
'5#achh| Ct#** at 
Is*jn A#**©**©, t f i a i 
'■omo ®r»*juto de Ida tkne e* if9 ae tnt*© *9 ? ? . en k* A<k*“ ton a* < to*eOo 
, M* *u o 

 ai' fg»«tf(»if«ji«owi bm mkt*****4 ■*» k»» l*p ,* n w bo* A»to*>o Ne# 
**H *©* be retponufci# to o» 
*©• Aot«»f*d, ♦©* SK-bbco*1 

Hurry for yards and yards of Spring and 

Summer fabrics priced for the budget-wise ! 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 

-IF' 

Shop for all your sewing needs 

 and patterns in our 

Sew ing Center 
Sale prices good thru April 12 

Investigation spotlight on land dealer in Arizona 

AOSOClAUD PRISS 

The complicated deals of land prom oter Ned 
W arren Sr. were high­ lighted last week in pub­ lished accounts of the second w eek’s in s ta ll­ ments of a series by a team of journalists w ho reported that organized crim e is flourishing in 
Arizona 
The sto ries in print pulled together previous­ ly published information about Warren, a convict­ ed extortionist who is under indictm ent for land fraud in Arizona. 
They added som e new details about W arren’s dealings with state of­ ficials and pros ided an account of efforts to pro­ secute him 
Other figures m en ­ tioned in accounts of the series last week included 
Arizona Gov. Kaul ( astro and Kemper Morley Sr., a m illionaire liquor dealer whose name has been linked to the m urder of 
Arizona 
Republic reporter Don 
Holies. 
Killing 

It was the Holies killing last June that prompted em ployes of 22 new ­ spapers and two broad­ cast outlets to go to 
Arizona for a project sponsored by the Inves­ tigative R eporters and 
Editors. Inc. The result of the sometimes-controversial team effort — a 23-part, 
1oo,ooo-word series — was released to p a r ­ ticipants starting Sunday 
March 13. 
Thus far, stories about tile series have focused on the business, political and social activities ol some of Arizona's bestk­ nown figures, including 
U.S. Sen B arry C o ld ­ w ater, who has d e n ­ ounced as false the accu­ sation that he condoned organized crim e in his home stale. 
Saturday’s installment focused on New Mexico. 
The sto ries in print have mixed old and new information, using new details to sketch a por­ trait of closeness between polities, business and crim e in Arizona. In general, the R h u s i s not on new crim es, but on links — frequently indir­ ect — between mobsters and politicians and bu­ sinessmen in the South­ west. 
Impact 

O fficials in Arizona generally said they had been follow ing the stories closely, but had mixed views about the impact of the disclosures. 
The legislature had voted last month lo spend $6oo,o9o to set up a Joint Task 
Force on 
O rganized 
C rim e to look into, among other Rings, some of the same items that have been reported in stories on the IRE series. 
W arren, BJ, was the subject of three of last week’s installments. He is fret* on $3oo,-ooo bond pending an appeal of his extortion conviction last year. In an u n related ease, he has been indict­ ed on 2o felony fraud counts in connection with the attem p ted sale of 
Arizona land to U.S. ser­ vicemen living overseas. 
He also faces charges of bribery in connection with an alleged attempt to sabotage the land fraud investigation. His trial for land fraud and the serving of the bribery w arrant have been delayed pending his recovery from a heart attack he suffered last month. 
Prison 
W arren moved to 
Arizona in 1961 after serving prison terms in the East for bankruptcy fraud, conspiracy and running a confidence game The stones said he told IRE reporters that the only way to clean up the Arizona land industry would Ik* to appoint him as real estate co m m is­ sioner. “ I know every trick and every way to steal. I could clean up this state iii s i x months,” 
W arren was quoted as saying. 
He was described in the stories as avoiding prosecution by severing his connections with com panies just before they ran into trouble. 
The published accounts noted that Bulies had reported frequently on 
Warren’s dealings, start­ ing almost IO years ago. cattle Co., which a l­ 

 legedly bilked investors out of $5 million Warren. who has been described in court testimony as the founder of the company, said he tipped Holies to the collapse, according to the stories on the IRE series. 
Politicians llt 

The stories said W ar­ ren succeeded by involv­ ing local politicians in advantageous land deaH and giving payoffs and other favors to public of­ ficials responsible for policing the state’s real estate laws. 
The published accounts covered 
W a rre n ’s prev iously reported rota1 tionship with J. Fred 
Talley, the former state real estate commissioner who resigned under fire in August 1974. Talley subsequently refused to answer a grand ju ry 's questions about bribery involving land deals He died in November 1974 
According to the stor­ ies in print, documents obtained by the IRE showed 
‘‘Talley was made aware that Warren was operating illegally, but did nothing.” 
The stories also d e ­ tailed the attempts of Loo 
M cCracken, a police dep artm en t detective who was trying to bring 
Warren to court. They generally alleged a slop­ piness on the part of county attorney Moifce 
Berger who resigned last year. 
Deaths 
The published accounts of th** main IRE series and sidebars also chroni­ cled the deaths of several 
W arren associates, in ­ cluding Edward Lazar who was m urdered the 
................... rf 
The st orion sa iii ll arrau suci'ceded by involving lord I politicia n s in a d ­ v a n ta g e o u s la m l deals a n d g irin g pa xii Ifs and other fa vo rs to p u b lic officials 

 day before he was to ap­ pear, for a second time, before a grand jury in­ vestigating land fraud. 
Lazar had already te*- tifu*d about payments to 
Talley over a period of almost three years. IU* testimony supported that of 
J a m e s 
C o rn w a ll form er p resident of 
G reat Southw est, who pleaded guilty to three counts of land fraud and is .serving IO to 2o years in prison. 
The IRE series h is been handled in different ways by p a rtic ip a tin g newspapers and broad ca sters. 
Some new ­ spapers delayed the staj't of the series; others edjgt cd or condensed ta r massive work to fit locfl needs; still others have run none of the material 
• 
■ 
Republic 
The Arizona Rcpubfg-, in Phoenix, did not par tieipate in the in v e s t!^ lion, although it provided a reporter to help with research and was given the series. It has not run any of the installments}*! far, although it has car­ ried A ssociated P r e j s reports of stories abojil the series. The Arizona 
Star, in Tuscon, did p;(r ticipate and has run all parts as seh**duled and is selling extra copies of the paper in Phoenix. 
WEE!, the UBS-own|*d radi*! station in Boston and one of the ti*! broadcast participants. also has run all of liu* series; the other broad­ caster, 
KGUN-TV of 
Tucson, announced before the series begin that it would not early any of th** installments 
The sto ries on week’s installm ents {ii the IRE series b eg jn with allegations on Soft day that illegal alitfti labor is us»*d on a rariwh partly owned by Robert 
Gold water, brother of the senator. Gold w ater’s aj torney was quoted «{s saying he had inquire! about the re|)orts and hjti been told they were riot true. 
Monday s accounts, appearing in some of til*- particip atin g new ­ spapers, focused on tis business and political relationships of Castro, who look office in 1975 
An aide to Castro said lift- governor would not coil w ent until he c u u ji review the reports. 

, a las! 

Sears 
Where America shops 

SCA Hit, M u tu e l ti ASO 
< 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

Wintuk yarn 
Save 3o% 
69- 

K cgulur W 

• Of Du Punt Orlon* acrylic 
• Machine wash and dryable 
• K nit or crochet 
• Assorted fashion colors 
• i-oz., 4-ply pull skein 

• Notion* Departm ent 

D u* alow o H i m sto re 
Soledad al N t i m 
Mob ta d I h u n '^dO-*# 
411 u th rr day* V. J*M» 

Military Drive Store al P lraaaoloo Md 
Mon. thru Sat. 

(.ritu al Park Store 
Sau Pedro al Coop H O 
Moo thru Sal. 
VidO-** 

C h a r g e I t 

 o n h ears 

R ev o lv in g 

C harge 

A IR P O R T 
DFW to Hobby 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 

 friend said. "N obody thought it would end.” 
But it did end, a victim of recession, greed m is­ information. miscalcula­ tion. inflation and p e r­ haps in isolated cases, fraud 
All those factors creat­ ed what was in the end an illusion 
For Tom anil Ruth, the venture ended in debt, despair and divorce. Tom suffered a heart attack and died. Not u nlike many others, they had caught the speculative roller coaster on the downgrade. 
Now , w ith the airport a reality, one looks back in b ew ild erm en t and wonders what happened. 
Bow ? Why? 
./.John Kidd, Dallas real estate investor. “ I call it the Greater Fool Theory. 
Everybody got into the game, thinking a greater fool would follow who 
$ p u ld pay even m ore. 
W hat brought it down was we ran out of fools . . we woke up one day and th e re w eren't any new people in the pot to play.” 
Greed’ 
Ken Good, Dallas fin­ ancier. “ It was greed and horrible judgment more than outright fraud You had people not qualified to sell a pair of shoes sellin g m illio n -d o lla r pieces of land.” 
Bill Thompson, Dallas real estate broker: “ It was just b asically a lev c r” 
A $2 million investor. 
“ It was disenchantment w-ith the stock m a rk e t mid the oversupply of in­ vestm en t firm s and funds and the greed to get rick quick.” 
Whatever, one burned investor put it this way: 
< “ We all got so greedy 

 and m entally distorted that we committed a lot of m oney based on r u ­ mors. Everybody was ef­ fected. I felt like I had to edge up to that wicked mistress. 
“ I was fascinated by it. 
•Anyone who buys and sells land couldn't help but be fascinated by it.” 

Illusion’ 

Another: “ I ve never seen anything like it be­ fore. It was an illusion. I bought an illusion . . . but my losses were no illu­ sion." 

In S e p te m b e r 1973, 
Dallas real estate man 
Henry S. Miller Jr. pro­ phetically observed: 
“ I continue to be con­ cerned about the amount 

E ven so m e o f the real estate 
B ig Hoys were losers 

 of in d is c rim in a te land speculation taking place in the m ajor m etropoli­ tan areas of Texas served by our offices. 
“ We m ust keep r e ­ minding ourselves that it is people who use land and th e re fo re people make land value.” 
From the opulence of his 3Uth floor office, overlooking much of the 
D allas lan d scap e he helped sh ap e, M iller looked back on the a i r ­ port land boom and said: 
"E v e n though I fore­ saw this and predicted this the decline, I was not immune . . . We did get caught up in the hysteria. 
We did not always follow our own convictions. 
“ It was only a question of time until the bubble would break.”__________ 

H isto ric ally , he had 
Observed, “ periods of in­ tense land speculation run their courses, and whether the end of such p eriods finds the last price paid for land too high depends on what the user can afford to pay for it at that tim e.” 
For the most part, the airport debacle consisted m ostly of sp e c u la to rs selling to other specula­ tors, syndicates selling to other syndicates. 
L eg itim a te “ u s e rs ," such as developers and industries are turned off by a rtific a lly inflated prices. 
To this day. land that once changed hands for little money has escalat­ ed from $2,ooo an acre to 
$3o,ooo an acre. Much of it is back in the hands of the o rig in a l o w n ers, mostly farmers. 
“ You can drive right next door to the airport now and there's still peo­ ple farming it. When you think of how much money changed hands . . . and the best, most productive use of the land is still to raise cows, it makes you w o n d e r,“ said 
John 
Kidd. 
“ I don't know of any other experience like this in history. It’s one of the few times I’ve ever seen the very best miss by IOO per cent. 
The same 
“To this day, in many instances, th ere’s not a clod of dirt different than there was seven or eight years ago. Nothing hap­ pened. It was an illu ­ sion.” 
It’s generally accepted that “ airport land” com­ prised ab o u t 
1oo,ooo acres, half of which was not owned by developers and therefore available for sp e cu la tio n . At an average cost of $8,ooo per acre, the land specula- 

'Living corpse9 emerges 

«r rn rn r 

 n 
Boom ing prom oters said. I f s tore now. 

* * . ” the future, the still cow p as- 

AP WWtFMOTO 

TALLAHASSEE. Fla (AP) - Bill White, who called himself a “ living corpse,” was unearthed 
Saturday after a three-week underground stay in a coffin. That was just a warmup for his attem pt next month at a world record. 
" I ’m ju st a little w o b b ly ," W hite said after emerging from his specially equipped coffin, kissing his wife and guzzling a cold beer. ‘T m just a little woozy from my sense of balance.” 
He said he wanted to shave and shower. In the coffin, he said, “ I took sponge baths, but it didn t do any good.” 
White, 43, says he will attempt to set a Io2-day world record next month in Niagara Falls, Ontario. 
He set a world record of 63 days, 22 hours and 31 minutes in Austin. Tex., in 1968, but a Belgian took the record away in 1974 with a IGI-day burial. 
"When I get finished, he’d better take a big lunch with him next time because he’s going to bo down there a long time,” White said. He plans to be buried at a hotel near the falls on the U.S.-Canada border. 
The former record-holder said he had few prob­ lems while six feet underground outside a restaurant 

 here. He said rains caused part of the wooden coffin to give in, so he used a jack to shore up one wall. ’I he coffin was 3 feet wide, 2Mi feet igh and 6 feet long. 
White’s coffin was padded with four-inch-thick foam rubber and equipped with an air vent, a tube allowing food to be passed to him, a Citizens Band radio, a television and three telephones on which he took calls from up to 8o radio stations a night. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

* 
* 
X:x oxx 

EVERY SUNDAY 
AT THE 
BUU MOOSE RESTAURANT 
WE SERVE A COMPLETE ... 
^THANKSGIVING 
DINNER 
FROM 11:oo A.M. TO 4:oo P.M. 

X 
* 
* 

» j^Every Sunday ... The Bull M oose serves a Traditiona 
American Thanksgiving Dinner ... with all the trim mings. Come by and give thanks, the Am erican W ay! 
^ADULTS *4.95 
CHILDREN *2.75 
(TURN SUNDAY BRUNCH INTO A SUNDAY BANQUET) 
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ " A r 

X' 
X1 
I 

2o% SAVINGS 
ON SPRING 
CHILDRENS SHOES 

PRICES GOOD THRU APRIL 2, 1977 

BOYS SHOES 

SEVERAL 
STYLES 
SAVE $2.6o 

SIZES 8'/a-6 

ROLLER 
BOTTOM 
OXFORD 
COMPARE $13 

(NOT A VA ILA BLI AT MCCULLOUGH LOCATION) 

• T-STRAP 
GIRLS SHOES 

SAVE $2 

COMPARE $1o 

SIZES 8'/i 4 

M A R Y JANE WEDGE 

Hon game was played in a $4oo million ballpark. 
Ken Good, whose am ­ bitious Metroport office park-hotel complex fell victim to a cutoff in fin­ ancing. said the whole thing was a “ horrendous experience.” 
"I sold my house, hocked m y ear and fought like hell to survive for two years.” 
He su rv iv ed . 
Many didn’t. 
Among the most active in the land activities was real estate broker Horace 
Vail of Dallas, who traces the phenomenon back t< 
Feb. 
28. 
1967, when form er Gov. John Con- nally signed a bill allow­ ing creation of the a i r ­ port authority. 
$56 million 
Vail said an estimated 
$56 million in cash was paid to landowners of the original 17,5oo acres on which the $7oo million airport now lies. 
Those lan d o w n ers, many of them farm ers, opted to escape the capi­ tal gains tax and pumped the money back into land around the airport peri­ m e te r, trig g e rin g the boom. 
The m a rk e t w as fu rth e r accelerated by the 
" s y n d i c a t e s " or 
" s y n d ic a to r s ,” who pooled money from large and sm all investors to buy sp ecific tra c ts of laud. 
They were, of course, 
“ betting on tho com e,” g am b lin g m ostly with other p e o p le ’s money that the land would esca­ late in value and could be resold quickly at a profit. it was the Greater Fool 
Theory. 
“ Then the big money started coming in.” Vail said, " b u t they based their evaluations on ficti­ tious values.” 
Finally, there emerged the real e s ta te in v e st­ m ent tr u s ts , called 
REITS. REITS operated much like mutual funds, permitting the public to buy stock in speculative ventures. 
Loans 
Sponsored normally by banks, in su ran c e c o m ­ panies and real esta te firms, REITS contribut­ ed to the "unwise spend­ ing," said Vail, lending money on false values. 
Thus the stage was set for disaster. 
T he economy tu rn ed sour, a mixture of infla­ tion and recession. Inter­ est rates rose d ra m a ti­ cally, contributing lo a co llap se of the money market. 
The run of foreclosures and bankruptc ies began. 
“ Foreclosures trig­ gered a shutoff of lending 
UM) per cent," Vail said 
“ It shut down as fast as 
I vc ever seen anything shut down.” 
Ile said two sources for buying property totally disappeared: “ The small investor couldn’t borrow to tu rn over to the syndications, and REITS cut off loans because of the foreclosures.” 
T he sy n d ic a to rs , he said, “ disappeared like flies, and it snowballed frum there Most of Un­ real estate brokers who snydlcated went broke . , 
, the people who got out early m ade money, big money. The people who got in late, after 1972, all lost money." 
Burned 
Land th a t had risen from $3,ooo or so an acre rose to 
$25,ooo and higher, plunged below its original level and, said 
Vail, " E v e n the real 

 people know lodgeable got burned.” 
As M illard and Bob 
Dilg, of Dilg Properties in 
G ra p e v in e , said: 
" T h e r e had been so much PH about the a ir­ port that selling land was almost like selling pan­ cakes." 
The ads in the official com m em orative dedica­ tion p ro g ra m in 1973 were predictably upbeat and fanned the fires of speculations. 
F ro m a real e s tate com pany: “ It s the la r­ gest airport in the world and aro u n d it lies 
“ Sleeping G iant” of ex­ citing land potential.” 
F rom a developm ent corporation: “ Our latest p ro p e rty , the 
Hilton 
Inn-International opens in late 1974 It will s o m ­ as major accommodation to tho New D allas-Fort 
Worth 
R egional 
A ir­ port.” The hotel has yet to be built. 
F ro m an in su ran c e company: "The Dallas- 
Fort 
Worth airport, largest in the world. is a sym bol of the tr e ­ m endous growth of the 
♦•utire Southwest Metro- plex. And there's more to come. As a result of this ultra modern facility, es­ tablished businesses and industries will prosper, new ones will em erg e and m ore fam ilies will make their homes here.” 
Trend 
From a regional m ar koting o rg an izatio n s: 
"D u n & B rad s tre et re p o rts " t h a t only New 
York and Chicago have more million dollar com­ panies than Dallas-Fort 
Worth The- airport can only a c c e le ra te th is trend.” 
W h eth e r the c irc u m ­ stances that caused the boom and bust were cos- 

S H O U 

Som e land p a r­ cels c h a n g e d 
Int rids 2 o or 3o tim e s in the fat st three y ears 

 rn ic co in cid e n ce s that can n ev e r be repeated may In- open to question. 
Land prices around the a irp o r t are becom ing m ore " r e a l i s t i c . ” the new players say. There is fresh optimism, but the pace now is slower and more cautious. 

It s become a “ users’’ market more than a spe­ culative endeavor. 

" I don't suppose Un­ people in this area would go through that again,” said one inventory. 
"Syndicates are dead,” echoed another. 
“ I don’t think it’s going to happen again real soon,” a realtor said. "A lot of people did lose a lot of m oney. They should have been concerned with what the true value of the land was and what the use was going to bt 

Said Bob Dilg: “ If you can’t build anything on the land, you can’t use it 

Although one investor noted om inously that 
“ the sh ark s and b arra cutlas arc* moving back in,” Kidd said 
“ We went 'way up and way down. We played a game that was totally an illusion But it looks now like realism has set back in 
" W e ’re back where users can find attractive locations to buy ut a price they can afford to pay 
They co u ld n 't do that during the height of our madness ” 

D river’s cou rse opens 

Registration for driver’s education classes offered by the St. Mary's University Continuing Education 
Department opens this week. 
Two sections of Chase I, in the classroom, will begin June I. One class will meet from IO a.in. to noon and the other will lie from I to 3 p m. 

After Chase I, the student may obtain a temporary license and take the 12 hour driving Chuse ll course including six hours of driving and six hours of observation. 

Sears fashions 
FOR 

2 1 % ,.2 3 % 
Off! spring handbags 

Tailored organizers 
IO" Regular $14 

W om en cling to th e organizer for the way it keeps things at th e ir fingertips. Two styles, in leather-look vinyl. Colors include "black, bone and tan. 

Mini travel totes i99 
Regular $13 

O rnam ental h ard w are clasps dress u p o u r m ulti-|*ocket m ini totes of le a th ­ er-look polyurethane. T h ree navy, tan, 

T h register, telephone department at 436-3321. the continuing education 

9 

Jute-with-leather bags 
Q 99 t J 
Regular $13 

Acetate-lined natural ju te with trim and handles of genuine leather in tau, m edium or dark brown. In sid e zipper. R o o m y ... with handles deep e n o u g h to s lip over jo u r shoulder. 

5 o % Off! 
Fashion scarves 

Polyester a n d twill 

 black and o th e r styles; colors 

25o 
Regular $5 

Sale prices g<H»d thru April 2. 

In o u r Acce$*oriea D e p a rtm e n t 

Save 
$3 

Wig 

, 
$ to that4 are fresh and young 

 as spring itself 

Sunny IO88 Regular $13.99 

Softly curled, young, fresh, flattering. 
Easy-care 1oo% K anekalon* modacrylic carefully colordicnded, capless for comfort. 

Skater l l 88 
R egular $15.99 

Popular new angular cut tapers to a point at the nape of neck. P lural wig of Monsanto’s modacrylic fiber, with skin-look top. 

In O ur C onnetir D epartm ent 

Sale prices good thru M arch 31 st. 

Sears 
Where America shope 
CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving C harge 

 kl**,. «•>***> • » *M>* 

Salts/m lion ('tim rn nit t ti or Your Mont \ Ho* k 

(Kim nIOX ll Pl*/* Starr 
Sui. dad *t Vixrru 
M o,, . n a H mm*, m l o '» 
All olhrr d*>-» 'I 

Military llrn r 'tu tr 
*1 Pl* .*-anilin Md 
Won thru X ii 
•t:it»-‘l 

 t r i l l , al P ark S |„ rr 
S „„ P ed ro *1 I «M,|> 11 
Mem thrtj Sat. 

San Antonio E X P R E S S N E W S — Sunday M arch 27 1977 

J J 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU WED., MAAR. 3o, 1977 
SAN ANTONIO STORES ONLY 
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES 

SUNDAY, MONDAY, 
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY 

SALE! 

 f f 

OPEN SUNDAY 1o*oo A M TO 6*M P.M. 

/Meof 

FRESH LEAN 

POUND 

PRKiN REGULAR 
GROUND 
BEEF 

POUND 

CHOPPED BEEF 
PATTIES 
L. $1.o9 

SWIFT PREMIUM MEAT OR 
Beef Franks .........12 OZ. PKG. 65$ 

BOEGE LEIN SIGNATURE QUALITY SMOKED 
Link Sausage 
$1.19 
HANDY ANDY SLICED BOLOGNA, COOKED SALAMI, 
BEEF BOLOGNA OR 
Luncheon Meat ..6 Oi PKi 49$ 

HANDY ANDY 
Sliced Bacon m mc $1.o9 
CLAUSSEN WHOLE OR 
Icicle Pickle 
QUART $1.15 

KRAFT SINGLE WRAPPED AMERICAN 
Cheese Food ..» < > ,* , $1.o9 

= ssasU .S .D .A . CHOICE BEEFb ^ m 

ROUND STEAK l. $1.19 
CHUCK STEAK 
„ 79$ 

 blanchi @ Andy 

FREEZER QUEEN ASST. 
COOK-IN 
POUCH 

5-OUNCE PKG. 

NORTHERN 6o CNT 
PAPER 
NAPKINS 

PASTE 
PERSONAL 1.4 O L 

SQUEEZE 8 OZ. PLASTIC BTL. 
KRAFT 

Bakery 

LADY BALTIMORE 
LAYER CAKE 

- ii irfii 1 1 r lf Tfir ~ w 

> 
Y 

•* 
, J ? 

7-INCH 
2 LATER 

(YELLOW CAKE) 

EACH 

CHOCOLATE CHIP 
COOKIES 
.. .3 DOZEN $1.59 

GLAZED BUTTERMILK 
DROPS 
PKG. OF IO 69$ 

HANDY ANDY HAMBURGER OR 
HOT DOG 
BUNS 
PKG. 
OF 8 

— 
< f o e m e n 
' 

ORE-IDA 24-OZ. B A G 
POTATOES 
O'BRIEN • • • • • • • 

BIRDSEYE 4-EAR BAG 
FLEISCHMANNS 16-OZ. SLEEVE 
Com On Cob............ 89$ 
Egg Beaters...........99$ 

 i f i e t i c a t e t e e n 

\ 

DELICIOUS PLUMP 
BAR-B-Q 
^ 
FRYERS 
EA. 

KITCHEN FRESH 
KITCHEN FRESH 
COLE SLAW 
WMT 69$ 
POTATO SALAD ...mn 69$ 

ITEMS AVAILABLE IN STORES WITH DELI S. 

Drug s 

LOTION 7>OZ.. JAR 4 OZ. 
OR TURI 4>OZ. 
HEAD& 
SHOULDERS 
SHAMPOO 

YOUR 
CHOICI 

WMITI WINGS n o u n 
TORTILLA 
TOKI ILLA 
C O 
M IX 
M 
W 

Groceries 

ARM A HAAAMER 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 

7o-OZ. BOX 

PURIX 42-OZ. BOX 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 
81$ 

Groceries 

DEL MONTE CHUNK 
LIGHT 
TUNA 

6 Va-OZ. CAN 

12-OZ. PKG. 
SKINNER’S 
NUDELS 
49$ 

Groceries 

HANDY ANDY 
REGULAR OR AIP 
POTATO 
CHIPS 

 n r-u i UL ’-LJU cr? 

69< SIZE 

LIBBY 
TOMATO 
/SM . 
JUICE 
^ can b l C 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday M arch 27 I 9 7 7 

Andy 

MUSSELMAN'S 
APPLE 
SAUCE 
16 OUNCE CAN 

 i missal 

KRAFT 14-OZ. BOX 
DELUXE 
DINNER 
63$ 

Soap 
I 

BUY 3 GET ONE FREE! 
IRISH SPRING 
BATH SIZE SOAP 

3o$ OFF LABEL 
FAB DETERGENT 
LEMON FRESHENED! 

B B .« 9 9 < d 5 “ 
S m hM B B " 

LAUNDRY DETERGENT 15$ OFF 
COLD 
POWER 
M 
M 
. . . $1.31 

BAGGIES FOOD 
STORAGE 
BAGS so c t 89$ 

 j. OFT LABEL 21-OZ. CAN 
AJAX 
C L E A N S E R 35$ 

BATH BAR 
CASHMERE 
, 
^ 
BOUQUET 
4,o.69$ 

LYSOL LIQUID TOILET 
BOWL 
CLEANER 
>*oz 5 9$ 

STAIN REMOVER 16 OZ. 7$ OFF 
SPRAY N’ 
^ 
WASH 
$1.o3 

1%:W 17-o Z. AEROSOL CAN 
BATHROOM 
C L E A N E R $1. o5 

SPRAY CLEANER 
FORMULA 
4-OS..............................22-OZ. BTL. 8 7 £ 

WIZARD ASST. 8-OZ. CAN 
AIR 
_ 
FRESHENER 
59$ 

EASY-ON-LE MON 
SPEED 
STARCH ............ 22-OZ. CAN 77 ( 

7 ii AIN OPENER 32-OZ. BTL. 
LIQUID 
PLUMR 
83$ 

CLEANSER OISINFECTANT-OEOOORAN I 
PINE-o- 
PINE 
.S-OZ B U 93$ 

Dewy Fresh" Produce 

TEXAS U.S. NO. I RUBY RED 
GRAPEFRUIT OR SWEET A JUICY 

5 POUND BAG 

(G i o c e t i e b 

ARMOUR 
MAXWELLHOUSE 
POTTED 
_ 
INSTANT 
MEAT 

3-OZ. CAN 2 1$ 
COFFEE 
. .1o-OZ. JAR $ 3 r3 9 

GENUINE U.S. NO. I CENTRAL AMERICAN “CHIQUITA BRAND" 
BANANAS cw firf a m irv ii A mo I 
. 25$ 

 ll WILC * OI JUlVf V*-3K FMV* rn 
STRAWBERRIES 

CALIFORNIA U.S. NO. I LARGE 3 DOZEN SIZE 
- 59$ 

PASCAL CELERY 

U J NQ I 
„39$ 

CRISP CARROTS 
Ii S NO I PACKAGED 

A 
I M 
JL 

JL, . ^ JST Sr 
. • •. ,1 LB. PKG. B B iR M R 

« wP* r*W» • » iowa# 
FRESH SPINACH 
4 
9 
1 lOOZ. PKG. rn 
Y 

I 
Housewares 
^[ 
Beer 
] 

 a....................-.... -.. 
ONE QUART 
SIX PACK 
AMALIE 
OLD 
MOTOR OIL 
MILWAUKEE 
HD-3o WT* 
12-OZ. CANS igy-sfe & H l(i 
S W » | 1 F 

2 SQUARE YARUS 
I C H EESE 
_ . 4 A 
CLOTH 
51V 

6/12 OZ. CANS PEARL REGULAR OR 
PEARL e A O A 
LIGHT 

I 
Ii 
I 
I i 
I 
I 
■ 
I 
■ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I I 

HANDYANDYCOUPON 
5o FREE 
OLD BOND STAMPS 

WITH THI PURCHASE OF 
TWO 6-OZ. CANS HANDY ANDY 
ORANGE JUICE 
I I B W N 

 mtohml 

MI Mf MI MI Mi Mi MI MI Mi MI MI MI MI Mi MR MR RHI RHI RHI RHI 

HANDYANDYCOUPON 

1 1 
■ ■ 
IR 
RS is 

COUPON GOOD THRU WCO., 
MAR. 3o, 1977, LIMIT ONI 
COUPON PLR FAMILY 

■ w ■ b i a i r n r n m m b i s i be rn m m 

RI 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF 
ONE 32-OZ. GULF LITE 
CHARCOAL STARTER l l r - 
COUPON GOOO THRU WED., 
I I 
MAR 3o. 1977. LIMIT ONE 
COUPON PER FAMILY 

U A 
B M 
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ 

M R 

HA 

One Cold Bond Stam p Given With Coch 

IO* Purchase Excluding Beer and Wine 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 977 
ARMS 

Continued from P age IA volitional arm s sales are to bo reduced throughout the world. 
The President told a group of editors and p u b lish ers at the White House 
March 4 that he had discussed the problem with o fficials of B rita in , 
France. West Germany and the Soviet 
Union and found them receptive. 
In its fiscal year 1977 report to Con­ gress, the Pentagon said: “ Although 
U.S. sales agreements peaked in 1974, the d em an d for m ilita ry ex p o rts worldwide is unlikely to lessen preci­ pitously in the near future, regardless of U S. unilateral actions.” 

The United States, however, is by far the biggest arm s salesman. In fiscal 
1974 it sold $1o.8 billion worth and in fiscal 1976 $8.2 billion, according to 
Pentagon figures. 

The Arms Control and Disarmament 
Agency report titled “ World Military 
F x p en d itu res and Arm s T ra n sfers 
-1966-1975" says that military spending by developed nations has been declin­ ing slightly since 1969 but that un­ derdeveloped nations have greatly in­ creased their spending. 

Total world military program costs rose from $285 billion in 1966 to $345 

 billion in 1974. the report says. 
The economic pressures within the 
United States to continue unrestricted military sales are considerable. 

Several defense corporations are in shakev financial condition and would be hard-pressed to continue if they lost one or more significant contracts. 

In two separtate studies last year, the Congressional Budget Office esti­ mated that 35o,ooo jobs in the United 
States are tied to foreign arms sales. 
The Budget Office estimated that the 
Pentagon gets $56o million for every $8 billion in foreign sales in savings rea­ 

 lized from larg er production runs, which bring lower per unit costs and in research money recovered. 

At the MeDonnell-Douglas plant in 
St. Louis, the white flag outside the main entrance symbolizes how hard previous adm inistrations pushed the overseas arm s sales Carter is trying to reduce. 

The flag em blazoned with a blue 
“ E ” was awarded to the company by the Commerce Department in 1971 in appreciation for all the military and civilian aircraft MeDonnell-Douglas sold overseas. „ 

A 

DlStouRTciNTER 
Quantities Rights Reserved • No Sales to Dealers son 
&DRI 

PRICES GOOD THRU MARCH 3o 

8 oz. 

Scented, 
U nscented, 
B aby Pow der 
Super Dry 
99 

TODDLER GIRLS 
PANT 
SUITS 

 perm anent press 

SIZES 
4— 6X 

Reg. 6.474 
8 8 

STRAW BASKETS 
W /Bow & Toy 

3 Styles 
oE-399 
....... 

EASTER 
BASKETS 
#E-7 
79 
I 
2 " 

NOXZEMA 

Skin Cream 
4 oz. 

The skin cream you can wash with. Groaseless. 79 
< 

 machine washable nylon cushioned leg and waist 

BABY'S 
PLASTIC 
PANIS 

Reg. 1.27 
88 

 am aUO! 
$ 

CARNATION 
BREAKFAST 
BARS 
6 Pack 

< 
Choc. Crunch 
Choc. Ch ip 
A lm on d Crunch 
Peanut Butter Crunch 79 

Men's 

; evtia s iitn q lh eflerdent 
EFFERDENT 

DENTURE 
CLEANER 
4o's 

KNIT SHIRTS yY 
SHORT SLEEVE 

5o% Polyester 
5o% Cotton 
83 
< 
388 

Reg. 4.97 

CARNATION 
EVAPORATED 
MILK 

13 oz. Tall Can 
29* 

Ct 
Ul- 

<5 
CD 
I a 

BAYER 
ASPIRIN 
1oo's 

7 9 * 

Mighty 
Match. 

Men's 
JEANS 
TWILL JEA N BY DICKIE 
788 

Reg. 9.97 

Boys' Jean Reg. 7.97 J88 
6.5 oz. 

2 » 1 

2o GAI. 
TRASH 
CANS 

G alvan ized 
399 

THERMO-SERV 
VACUUM 
PINT 
BOTTLE 
99* 

TUNEUP 
KITS 
AU EXCEPT 
HIGH PERFORMANCE 
AND |1 o 5 2 N 

12 oz. 

Limit Tw o 

STARKIST 
GREEN LABEL 
TUNA 
55* 

KRAFT 
AMERICAN 
CHEESE 
SINGLES 

8 9 * 

FRISKIES 
C A N 

Each I67 

POTTING 
SOIL 

2o lb. 
99* 

Zebco 
ROD & REEL 
COMBO 349o 

#33 REEL + 61oo ROD 
1688 
I 

ECKRICH 
Jumbo 
FRANKS 
16 oz. 

NOftTMWIST 
1331 B A N D 6RA RO 
M O N SAT 9 A M IO P M 

NORTHEAST 
39o7 EISENHAUER 
M O N SAT 9 A M IO P M 

Limit 4 

2627 $ W MILITARY 
CLOSED SATURDAY 
>PEN SU N D A Y 1 o A M / P M 
89 
< 

P incus 

Hutton 

McCrory 

AWARDS 

Continued from P age IA titled “ The Knockout” in the Sunday 
Express-News. 
Hamilton won in spot photos for a picture in The News of a pleading building demolition company owner. 
Gus Glemens, former News sports editor, received an honorable mention in sports feature for a story on a tennis player who defected from Czechoslo­ vakia. 
The remainder of the awards were honorable mentions won by members of the 
Express staff. 
The 
Express-News was the only paper in 
San Antonio w inning any ACME awards. 
The honorable mentions included 
Jam es McCrory in spot news category for “ Candidate took boat to kill Cas­ tro;” Robert Pincus in feature series for a series on nuclear power; Barry 
Robinson in spot sports category for a story entitled, “ Baird wins it” ; and 
Mike Bruton in headline category for his “ Sooners have a Lott to be proud of, 
41-7.” 
The 
Al'ME writing sweepstakes award went to Marvin Schwartz of the 
Dallas 
Morning 
News. 
The photo sweepstakes was won by Lon Cooper of the Austin Ameriean-Statesman. 
The Dallas Times Herald won the first-place 
Community 
Service 
Award for large dailies. 
Special feature writer Edna McGuf­ fey, a weekly contributor to the Ex- press-News Scene section, won lirst place awards from Texas Press Wo­ men for two features in the Express. 
She won in the catagories of feature story in a large daily paper and special article: education. 

C lem ens 

Robinson 

Bruton 

Dean 
H am ilton 
C oggins 
M cGuffey 
SELMA 

Continued from P age l.\ from its radar operations on 1H.15. 
For that m atter, finding out what 
Selma’s income is has been extremely diffic ult to determine. 
It seems the city has chosen to ig­ nore state law requiring it to file an annual budget with the county clerk and the state comptrollers offices. 
Some indication of Selm a’s money sources may be drawn, however, by looking at its monthly I per cent share of the state's sales tax collected on all retail sales in the city. 
F or the m onth of D ecem ber, a c ­ cording to the comptroller's figures, 
S elm a’s share of the sales tux was zero. 
And December, for most merc hants, is the one month of the year which usually justifies the other ll 
If it gets nothing from sales taxes, that has to mean there s some other money source big enough to keep the city going. 
It must be speeding fines. Bock be­ lieves. 
When Bock discusses his HBI 1o6. he speaks in generalities. 
“ I think a majority of the people in this state are ready for a standardized f n c .” he says. 
“ A person driving 65 miles per hour 
" li a state or federal highway shouldn’t 
'' ive to pay a higher fine than another 
\erson driving 65 who just happens to 
Ov two miles farther down the road in a d i f f erent rn unci pall ty. ” 
On rev e n u e s. Bock says he is 
“ extremely concerned about the prac­ tice of a few communities that have been abusing public confidence in legitimate law enforcement by turning the speed limit into a tool for munici­ pal fund raising. 
“ No one objects to fair and equitable enforcement of the speed limit. 
“ But. at a tim e when som e a re seeking to undermine public- esteem for law enforcem ent, it is regretful 

REP. BEN N IE B O C K ll 

 some people are trying to use public laws as a source of self-enrichment for their own community coffers.’’ 
Ile save! HBI 196 will not in the least inhibit the legitimate enforcement ol our traffic laws. 
“ It will insure collection of traffic fines is not being abused, thereby helping to restore public faith in law enforcement.’’ 
This is not the first time Bock has mounted an assault oil the small town speed traps. 
To date, however, his batting aver­ age has been somew hat anemic. 
In the 64th Legislature he tried to pass a bill requiring small towns to divvy-up with the state a certain per­ centage of their fines collected on state and federal highways. 
It failed. 
But Bock is back 

I 
OPEN SUNDAY 
FROM 12 TO 6 PM 
C 
_______ I ________ A V . rrinDergs 
Fine Jewelers 

COMI AND SHOP AT YOUR LEISURE AT SAN A N ­ 
TONIO’S FINEST JEWELERS— FEATURING KEEPSAKE 
DIAMOND 
BRIDAL 
SETS— SEIKO 
AND 
BULOVA 
WATCHES— 14K 
GOLD 
JEWELRY— WATCH 
AND 
JEWELRY REPAIR— ENGRAVING. 

; I 
J 
M 
M 
M 
Ir i j 

I rl K S B ) 
I A 
" I % 
. ■ I 

WE ARE THE ONLY FINE JEWELERS IN THE SAN A N ­ 
TONIO AREA NOW OPEN ON SUNDAY FOR YOUR 
SHOPPING CONVENIENCE— VISIT US THIS SUN­ 
DAY. 

|l 1753 WEST AVE.— Phone 349-27o51 
(NEXT TO SKAGG’S ALBERTSON) 

THIS SUNDAY ONLY 
14K GOLD PENDANT WITH 6 DIAMONDS 
AND MATCHINO 14K GOLD CHAIN 

Reg* *135°° SUNDAY ; 4 
9 
. 5 

AUNT LYDIA S 1oo% KODET 
POLYESTER HEAVY RUG YARN 
O ur Usual 474 
7o yds. 
O ur Usual 874 
3.7 O Z . limit 12 
(EN) 

Our Usual 594 
LADIES' & TEENS’ PANTIES 
37' 
74' 

Irregulars. 
Ny* 
Ion. 
W hite and colors. Briefs and bikinis. 
Sices 
S to 1o. lim it 4. 42 

©OOO MONOAY. MASCH 78 

\ O L O l e a v e c o u p o n 

Our Usual 224 yd. 
LACES AND RUFFLINGS 

I 
I 

GOOD MONOAY. MASCH 38 
(E-N) 
| 

O ur Usual 294 
GIRLS’ NYLON ANKLETS 

Irregulars. 
White and some colors. 
Sizes 6 to 8'/i and 
9 to ll. Limit 6. 19 

I 

©OOO MONDAY. M ASCH 38 
(E-N) 
| 

N e w Shipm ents! 
LADIES' AND TEENS' 
KNIT T-TOPS & TANK TOPS 
Irregulars made to sell to $7. S.M.L 
Cotton knit, limit 
I . TICKETED S3 

GOOD MONDAY. MARCH 38 
(E-N) 

$ 1 4 4 

O ur Usual 794 
MEN S SOCKS 

Irregulars. 
Or- lon/nylon blend. 
Sizes 1o-13. limit 
3. 
46 

OOOO MONDAY. MARCH 38 
(E-N) 

I 
BOREAL EXCELLENCE 
HAIR COLOR KIT 

Shampoo 
Formula limit 2 
$ 1 3 9 

GOOD MONDAY, MARCH 7o 
(I-Af) 

SUSPECT SKETCH 
Child killer suspect stalked 

BIRM INGH AM . Mien 
(A P ) — Police officials hope to get $1 m illion from the federal govern merit to help them find the killer of four Oakland 
County children slain during the past year. 
Police Chief Rollin J. 
Tobin’s disclosure Satur­ day that he is applying for the grant from the 
Law Enforcement Assis­ tance Adm inistration vias the first indication that authorities expect a 
2oo-detective task force to s(M*nd weeks or months seeking the killer. 

Suspect 

“ lf we think there is a good suspect and we don’t have ironclad evidence against him ,” 
Tobin said, “ it’s very possible we’ll put this person under su rveil­ lance for as long as necessary. It could he a month or two. We don’t want to lose this case on a technicality.” 
Funeral services for the latest victim . T i­ mothy King, ll . were held Friday us investiga­ tors from 
5o police agencies pressed their investigation. 
Police released a new sketch of the man sought in the abduction-slayings of the boy and three other children. They said they are convinced someone knows the killer and is protecting him. 

Theory 

“ No individual could have kept four children for varying lengths of time without someone knowing — some rela­ tive. some friend,’’ Tobin said. 
“ He must go through periods when he’s not normal and his loved ones are reluctant to report it,” Tobin added. 
“ But we’ve lost four lives because of their reluc­ tance.” 

C re m a te d 

Timothy was cremated aller a funeral mass at the Holy Name Church. A dozen uniformed and plainclothes police of­ ficers were at the church. 
The boy’s body was found late Tuesday in a ditch in Livonia, about 1H miles from his home in this wealthy 
Detroit suburb. 
He was the seventh youngster to be abducted and killed in crim es that began or ended in Oakland County since 
January 
1975. 
Police say they think the same person was respon­ sible for at least four of the murders. 

A b u s e d 

Pile King boy was sex­ ually abused, and there were marks showing his hands and feet were bound by his abductor, said the m edical ex­ aminer. 
The suspect is a man in his mid-3os with mut­ ton-chop sideburns, de­ scribed by police as a sex deviate with a fetish for cleanliness. 
Oakland County Sheriff 
Johannes Spreen said he would ask emergency authorization to hire up to 25 additional deputies to assist local depart­ ments and street patrols. 

Quake loll rises to 167 

TEHRAN, Iran ( A P ) - 
The government report­ ed Saturday that the death toll from the strong earthquake that rocked 
Iran’s Persian Gulf coast four days ago had risen to Hi7. 
Hie announcement said aftershocks were still being felt in the area following 
Tuesday’s main quake. 
Prem ier Am ir Abbas 
Hoveyda ordered mas­ sive rehabilitation and reconstruction aid for the 
35 villages damaged or destroyed by the quake. 

I OCRS, ruffling*, 

 edges, and braids. 
White and some col­ ors. limit 3b yds. 16 

Io ta leave c o u p o n 

O ur Usual 274 
K 
INFANTS’ & TODDLERS’ SOCKS 

White 
Cuffs 

GOOD MONDAY, MARCH 78 yd. 

(IN) 

Irregulars, and colors and craws. Sizes 4 to 6'/i. limit 4. 

GOOD MONDAY. MARCH 38 
(E-N) 

o 1 o { e a v e c o u p o n 
$ a a a I c a v c c o u p o n 
I o l d l e a v e c o u p o n c o u p o n 

O ur U sual $ 3 .7 9 
THONG SANDAU 

First quality. White, 
I brown, and camel £ latigo. Sizes 
5 to IO. limit I. 
OOOO MONOAY. MARCH 38221 

JUNIORS AND GIRLS FASHION 
KNIT TOPS AND T-TOPS 

Irregulars m ade to sell to 
$7. 
Sixes S .M .l. and 
4 .1 4 . lim it 
I. 
TICKETED $2 75 

(IN) 
OOOO MONOAY. MARCH 38 
(E-N) 

O u r U s u a l I 8 4 
MEN’S HANDKERCHIEFS 

Irregulars, limit 6. 
White. 12 

GOOD MONOAY. M ASCH 38 
(E-N) 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
.1 . 

16 oz. CARYL RICHARDS 
BALSAM ft PROTEIN SHAMPOO 
OR CONDITIONER 

Results in 
6o seconds, limit 2 79 

GOOD MONOAY. MARCH 7R 
(E-N) 

^ ^ ^ ? “::EostGr Sa le P ric e s N o w ! 
M I L I T A R Y AT F I O R E S 

6o” Ponte Stitch 

Double Knit 

Full 
Bolts, 
First 
Qualitym 
1oo% 
Polyester 

OUR REG. $1.88 YD.... 
$1 29 

 yd- 

45” Medium Weight 
Calcutta 
$1 79 

■ v d . 

Full 
Bolts 
First 
Quality. Dacron and 
Rayon Blend. 

OUR REG. $2 YD 

6o” Gabardine Check 

& Stripe Coordinates 

Full Bolts, First 
Quality 
1 o o % 
Polyester. 

OUR REG. $3.88 YD 

6o” Crepe Stitch 
Double Knit 

$ 1 1 5 
I vd. 

Full Bolts, First Quality 
1oo% Polyester 

OUR REG. $1.88 YD. 

Casual & Dressy Dresses, 

Dresses, Sun Dresses 

I 
9 irregulars, samples mode to sell for $3o to $44. 

Sizes 5-15,6-18, and 14’/*- 24’/?. Hot ail items in all sizes or prices. 

TICKETED 
$15 TO $2o ..$2off 
TICKETED 
$13.... $IO 

54” Solid Color Velour 

N e w Shipm ents of irregulars m ode to sell to $ 3 5 
S u e s 
5-1 3 and 6 18 

T IC K E T E D 
$ 1 3-$1 5 -$ l 8 . . 
C C 

Spring Jum psuits 

$1o75-$1 26o-s159o 

Full Bolts 
OUR REG. $4.95 YD.............. 

2 ft 3-pc. Gaucho Sets 

Irregulars made to sell to $35. Sizes 5 13 
J r W 
C r and 6 16. 
A] ( 
C r ii fy 
TICKETED $1 
TICKETED $13 TO $18 

54” Tapestry 

Upholstery Fabric 
$2 

Lengths to 5 yds. 

OUR REG. $3 YD yd. 

45” Casement Weave lirnnorx/ 
Rayon/Cotton Blends 
M m f f 
I i I U LIU I V lengths to IO yds 
^ 

OUR REG. 794 YD. 
66 

FAM O US M A K ER S’ 
Shirts and Blouses, 

5 x6 Bathroom Carpet $ o 75 

OUR REG. $9.95................... O 

 yd I Knit Tops and T-Tops 

Irregulars made to sell for $12 to $18. Sizes 
S.M.l. and 6-1 8. 

 jam® 
$ 3 9o_ $ ^ 7 5 _ $ /£ 6 5 

Better 
Shirts for Sizes 38-44 

Irregulars mode to veil to $7o. 
Big assortment of stylts, fabrics, and colors. 
TICKETED $6 
. $ 4 95 

M EN ’S FAMOUS M AKERS’ 
Long Sleeve Dress Shirts 

IRdlGUlARS Of VAlUfS IO $3o.. .OUR USUAL (9.9o 

$ T 9 9 

Girls’ Dresses and Jumpsuits 

Irregulars, samples, and first quality made to sell to $2o. Sizes 4-14. N ot all items in all prices. 

Medium spread collars. 
Solid coleus. 
Top center banded collar and tails. 8 o % polyester/2 o % cotton blend. 
Sizes 
1 4 '/a-17. 

TICKETED 
$5 TO $7 
$ 

#1 FAMOUS M AKER’S 
Short Sleeve Sport Shirts 

IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $16.. .OUR USUAL $5.98 

Solids, stripes, plaids, and prints. Tapered European styles and contour comfort fit. One and two front pocket shirts. 
Polyester/cotton and 
1oo% polyester. 
Sizes 
S.M.l.XL. 

MEN S FAMOUS MAKERS’ 
Knit Shirts 

Irregular* of vokie* to $ 1 7 O u r u su a l 
M 
- 
$ 3 v 8 
Pullover collar and crew neek 
ORm A 
A styles, lo n g and short sleeves 
Solid s. 
▼ stripes, novelties, and fan cies 
— ^ B 
Polyester / cotton S u e s S . M . l. X I 

Men s Dress Flares 
Irregular* and First qualify. Our 
W usual $7.98 Belt loops. Solids 
o L V jl and fancies. 1oo% polyester. 
Sizes 29 42. 

M EN ’S 
“WEEDS” 
Fashion Jean Flares 

 first quality O u r usual $1 3 9 6. 
Pre w ashed blue denim leans. fa n cy pocket a n d w aist styling leather look trims S u e s 2 8 3 8 
All 3 6 " length 
$12 

I off 

TICKETED 
$8 TO $1o $ 

LADIES’ AND TEENS’ SPRING 
INFANTS 4 ToDDllw’ 
Lounge Gowns 

Irregulars of values to $18. Nylon. Long lengths. 
Sleep and lounge styles. Pastel prints and solids. 
Many styles. Sizes S.M.l. 
TICKETED 
$5 AND $6 $4 ;$5 
28 

Ladies’Spring Dusters 

Irregulars of values to 
$I5.|*. m a a 
Polyester/cotton. 
Short lengths.^ 
$ \J igtns. 
Gripper fronts. 
Pockets. 
Short sleeves Sizes S M I. TKKITID $6 .. 

Men's Western Shirts" “ ladies’ Gowns and Pajamas 
$2 

First quality Our usual $4 98 Assorted checks, plaids, and stripes Yoke (rant and back. 
Pearl snap buttons. 
Polyester/cotton blend. Sues S M.I.XI. *4 
39 
Irregulars of values to $8. Nylon tricot, front paiomas. Pastel colors, long gowns, ed and trimmed. Sizes S.M.L. 
TICKETED 

Button 
Tailor- 
$3 .. 
4 7 

Easter 
Dresses 
Irregulars o f values to 
$ 1 1 9 8 
Polyester/cotton. 
Pretty pastel colors 
Som e lace trimmed M a n y new Sp r m g styles S u e s 9 to 2 4 a n d 

TICKETED 
$/| 3 7 
SS ANO $6 
- f 

Toddlers' Shorts & Tops 

Irregulars. 
Terry and cotton 
S o m e £ _ tank tops Pull o n styles. S u e s 2 to 4 # J for b o y s a n d girls 
I 

Infants’ Diaper Sets 

Irregulars of values to 
$ 7 9 8 
Polyester cotton 
Tw o piece sets 
Pastel colors S u e s 9 to 2 4 for boys a n d girls 
TICKETED $4 
.................. J3 

UM 
Girls’ & Boys’ Easter Shoes 

IRREGULARS OF VALUES TO $14.95 
White or block patent, camel, smooths and suedes. 
Negative heels, roller bottoms, wedges, and heels. 
Some in genuine leather. Sizes 4Vz to 8 and 8 1/? to 4. 
TICKETED 
$2.98 
TICKETED 
$3.98 
%3 

TICKETED 
$4.98 
$4 

TICKETED 
$5.fS-$6.VS 

* 5 

LADIES’ AND TEENS' 
Easter 
IRREGULARS Handbags 
AND FIRST QUALITY 
OF VALUES TO $15 fabrics, straws, and sm ooths in w hit*, bono, cornel, a n d others 
M o n y are a fam o u s brand, im ports cmd dom estics. 
TICKETED 
$5.97 

3 9 

TKKITID 
$3.97 
*3” 

TKKITID 
$4.97 
43 
*4 

NEW SHIPMENT! 
FAMOUS BRAND 
Girdle Top 
Support 
Panty Hose 

Iv 

$5 
LADIES’ AND TEENS’ 
Better Imports ft Famous Brand Shoes 

IRREGULARS TO $5 

Petite. 
A ve rag e , 
Toll. 
Q u e e n 
Short, 
Q u e e n 
Toll 
Serge ^ tones, suntan, or W white 
H e avy lycra spender rn panty 
I 4' 

MOSTLY FIRST QUALITY OF VALUES TO $35 
Citation, Esprit, SRO , Caressa, W exw ood, Jack Rogers, Am ano, Sandler of 
Boston, and others. W edges, sandals, clogs, and pumps in white and col­ ors. Sizes 5 to IO 
. 
^ 

TICKETED 
$ Q 
TICKETED S 
I A 
TICKETED 
$ 
$1o 
............. 7 $12 
.... I V 
$14 AND $15 

NEW SHIPMENT 
Cotton Panty Top 
Panty Hose 

'p i 

Z K nova 
CVV'// 

HEAVEN SCENT 
Eau de Parfum £ A 
O ft 
Spray 2 oz. 
^ * * o 
Everywhere else $4.5o 2 

EMILIO PUCCI 
Eau de Vivara _ 
2 oz. Spray 
C 

Discounted Only at Solo Santo O ff 98 

Jontu Body Silk 

2.5 oz. Everywhere Else $4.25 
$ 
, 4 
9 

12 

IRREGULARS Of 
VALUES TO $2 

Beigetones or suntan. lin t P.A.T. 
59 
Pantene Shampoos 

Normal or Dry. Trial Size 
49 •a. 

* 

 sale 

 boys' football jersey special 
2.99 

Nylon mesh or polyester/ 

 cotton in their favorite team 

 colors for the active young 

 athletes on the go. Super 

 special purchase. S XL. 

Boys 

 sale 

 toddler boys' shorts and tops 
1.99 

Shorts, orig. 4.25, tops, orig. 

3.5o now both for the same 

 low price of 1.99. Available 

 in assorted colors, patterns, 

 and sizes 2 4. 

Children's 

 sale 

 save $8-11.51! men's dress shirts 
4.99 

Reg. $13 16.5o. This large 

 assortment of long sleeved 

 dress shirts in polyester/ 

 cotton is a super purchase 

 at record savings. 1414-17. 

Men's Furnishings 

 sale 

 save 38-53%! girls' jumpsuits 
7.99 

Comp. at $13 17. She'll be 

 cute 'n cool in her pert poly­ 

 ester/cotton shortalls in 

 assorted colors, easy care 

 fabric. 4 6X, 7-14. 

Girls 

 sale 

 fun jewelry . . . super purchase 
1.99 

In white and/or gold tone, 

 classic fun jewels are priced 

 to compliment your entire 

 wardrobe, and available in a 

 host of exciting styles. 

Jewelry 

$9 to $15 off! misses' dresses 
16.99 

Comp. at 26.32. White trim on 

 spring pastel dresses 

 and print jacket dresses. 

A perfect purchase. 1o-18. 

Dresses 

 terrific toppings superbuy! 
.99 

Comp. at $12 16. Woven tops 

 in assorted plaids, polyester/ 

 cotton, perfect for fun 'n 

 sun fashions. 8 16. 

Top Shop 

 sale 

 save 28-6o%! men's sport shirts 
9.99 

Orig. $14-25. Famous maker 

 sport shirts in polyester and 

 blends, assorted colors are 

 the perfect addition to your 

 spring wardrobe. S XL. 

Men's Sportswear 

 sale 

$4-5 savings! casual shoes 
65o™ 8.9o 

Reg. $11-14. This assortment 

 of women's casual shoes is 

 ideal to suit your entire ward­ 

 robe in colors, styles, and 

 sizes at a savings you'll love. 

W omen's Shoes 

 sale 

 super buy! 
Hitachi TV 
$89 

This 12" diagonal black and 

 white portable TV sports 1oo% 

 solid state chassis, memory 

 fine-tuning, built-in UNF — 

VHF antennas, 1 yr. warranty. 

Televisions 

 sale 

 save 4.96! 
TI calculators 
29.99 
Reg. 34.95.Texas Instruments 

TI 255o III model full-function 

 calculator with memory, per­ 

 cent, algebraic functions. 

Adaptor/charger, case inc. 

Calculators 

 sale 

 crystal cake stand, 1/3 off! 
18.99 

Comp. at $3o. Crystal cake 

 stand with domed top will 

 display your culinary exper­ 

 tise, lending a touch of 

 elegance to your table. 

Glassware 

SHOP MONDAY LAST BIG DAY FROM 1o A.M. UNTIL9 P.M. 

SSW ondaV last day 

 sale 

1/2 off! Softuch pantyhose.. . save! 

6 tor 2 . 8 8 

Reg. 99o each. Softuch 

 famous style pantyhose in 

 demitoe or Sandalfoot. Avail* able in four fashion conscious 

 colors. Sizes P A T. 

Hosiery 

 sale 

$149 off! Brookwood sofa and loveseat 
$549 

Reg. $698. Traditional 3- cushion sofa and matching 

 loveseat are available in j m ulti-colored green floral at 

 a great record days price! 

Furniture 

 sale 

 save! 3 styles of bedroom furniture 
$477 

Special! French "Du-Berry", contemporary "Parquet and 

"Rural English" suites include dresser, mirror, headboard. 

Chest, night stand. . 15% off 

Furniture 

 sale 

35.o2 off! 6-pc. 
Eureka vacuum 
59.88 

Reg. 94.9o. This Eureka up right vacuum has 2-way 
Dial-A-Nap, Edge Kleener and vinyl furniture guard 

 features . . . save at Dillards! 

Appliances 

 sale 

 women's world sportswear 
7.99 to 17.99 

Special jade coordinate pants, short sleeve shirt jackets, print tunics, shells, shirts at 

 record prices. 
Polyester. 

Tops, 38-44. Pants, 32-4o. 

W om en's World 

 sale 

 record savings! control briefs 
3.49 

Reg. $6. Lightweight, silky 
Lycra Powernet Briefs. Self 

 reinforced front panel designed w ith back seam for natural 

 shaping. White, nude. S XL. 

Foundations 

 record 1/3 off! famous maker sportswear! 
7.99 to 19.99 

Orig. $12 to $3o. Act now and save Vi on famous label 

 sportswear coordinates! Versatile components are in 

 easy-care polyester, blue, yellow and white, and are 

 available in sizes 8-2o, specially priced for record days! 

Sportswear 

 sale 

 record value! 
King Koil bedding 
$77 

Cuxury firm, reg. 99.95 to 
$419. Each piece, any size! 

King and queen in sets only. 
Spinal Guard, each piece any 

 size, 1o9.95 to 429.95 .. $88 

Furniture 

 sale 

 record value! 
45-pc. stoneware 
39.99 

Compare at $8o. Four deco­ rator patterns of dishwasher 

 and microwave safe stone­ ware . . . brighten your table 

 w ith a 45-pc. set and save! 

China 

 sale 

 save! mothertohe cotton T-shirts 
9.99 

Compare at $14 16. Short sleeve, round neck mix-n- match shirts in an array of 

 spring colors with appliques. 
Available in sizes S M L. 

Maternity Shop 

 sale 

 save 44%! collage 
12-picture frame 
6.99 

Reg. 12.5o. The picture frame 

 that can tell a story . . . 13 inch square frame w ith 12 

 picture openings lets you 

 make a lovely collage1 

Stationery 

NORTH, CENTRAL PARK; SOUTH, MILITARY PLAZA; NORTHEAST, WINDSOR PARK 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
M onfrey says Lila’s on gigantic ego trip 

“ If Mayor Cockrell re- money alone," mayoral 
(rived a dollar for every candidate John Monfrey 
'I and me’ she uses in her said Saturday, campaign speeches, she could cover the city’s budget deficit with that 

GLASS TINTING 
For Hom e A Cor At 
SQLflR-X 

CALL 3 4 9 -6 4 6 9 

Claiming the mayor is on a long and gigantic ego trip, Monfrey said he did not know whether the city could afford her for another two years. 

“ In her speeches, she takes credit for everyth­ ing that has happened at 
City 
Hall, and her 

 speeches e monopolized by ’I did this,’ and ‘I did that.’” 
‘Gets enraged* 

Monfrey said the mayor then “ gets en­ raged” if people question a natural gas lawsuit settlem ent that has no refund for the ratepayers and a budget deficit which occurs for the first time in the city’s history under her leadership. 

Absentee vote record expected 

City Clerk Garland Jackson ex­ pects a record 6,ooo absentee votes to be cast by Tuesday’s absentee voting deadline for next Saturday’s 
City Council election. 
Jackson said Saturday 4,123 ab­ sentee ballots already have been recorded. 
“That’s far beyond anything we’ve ever had,” he said. th e previous high was approxi­ mately 2,5oo absentee votes for a city election, Jackson added. 
Officials believe the turnout can be attributed to the record voter registration and because this is the first time councilmen will be elect­ 

 ed from districts. 
San Antonio residents can cast absentee ballots from 2 to 6 p.m. 
Sunday at five different locations and from 7:45 a.rn. to 4:3o p.m. 
Monday and Tuesday. Voting ends 
Tuesday. 
The voting places are the city clerk’s office on the second floor of 
City Hall; Northwest Shopping 
Center, 36oo Fredericksburg Road; 
Windsor Park Mall, Walzem Road and 1H35; McCreless Shopping City, 
South New Braunfels Avenue and 
IH37, and Edgewood Square. HOO S. 
Gen. McMullen Drive. 

Save s4 
Reg. 19.99. Sale 15.99. JCPenney Mini-Pocket 
Camera outfit with flipflash. Outfit includes mini pocket camera, wrist strap, roll of color film, and one flipflash. 

Camera sale. 
15.99 to 29.99. 
They’re made to fit your pocket and your pocketbook 

Save s5 

Reg. 34.99. Sale 29 99. JCPenney pocket camera with built in strobe includes built-in electronic flash with ready light, 29mm 1/5 6 lens and wrist strap 

JCPenney flashcubes. 1.49 
JCPenney Magtcubes. 1.79 
JCPenney flipflash 1.59 
Cl 1o-12 color print film. 1.29 
Cl 1o-2o color print film. 1.89 

The JCPenney magnetic photo album lets you save your photo memories for years to come 
Has 8 pages Comes in assorted colors or prints 

14.99 
JCPenney tlip- tlash strobe gives you flash atter 
♦lash Fits 
JCPenney pocket camera and 4 
Kodak Trimlite cameras 

9 2 . 2 B H S 3 ! 

M fcM QRY 
STO 
WTI 

_ 
U 

HLas u 

Ll u 
9 ’ 
LnI 

L 
Li 

4 
U 
•5 u 

6 
U 

X 
LI M 

I 
ImJ 

J 
Ll 

3Li 
SBIB cc/1 1 
■J 1 o 
Li 
Ibm 

4- 
Ibm 

Sale 8.99 
Reg. 9.99. The Rockwell Inter­ national’ calculator with memory 
8 digit display, floating decimal, 4 functions, % key. 2-key memory 9 volt battery included 

Sale prices effective through Saturday, 
JCPenney 

South Park 923-5461 
Windsor Park 654-155o 

Archer says fI told you so’ on arena tab 

Van Archer, candidate for District 9, 
“ But this council must bo held in said Saturday a warning he made check before they borrow San Antonio earlier this week has already come into a huge tax increase without voter true. approval,” said Archer. 

That’s the increase to $7 million from $4 million in certificates of obli­ gation to financo the expansion of the 
Arena. Council Thursday passed a resolution of intent to sell $5.5 million worth of certificates of obligation. 

Archer noted he firmly supports the expansion of the Arena and the con­ struction of a parking garage near the convention center. 

Archer noted on Wednesday he warned the certificates of obligation were bonds being levied against the taxpayers without approval as re­ quired bv the City Charter. 

"This violation of the voters’ rights under the charter is the best example of why we need a change in the people who represent us on the City Council." he said. 
CisnerosrUse Cibolo water 

With ow nership of 
Canyon Lake water in doubt, 
San 
Antonio should push for con­ struction of the Cibolo 
Reservoir, City Council­ man 
Henry Cisneros urged Saturday. 
Cisneros issued a se­ ven-page statement out­ lining steps the city should take toward start­ ing Cibolo construction and criticized City Water 
Board plans to purchase 
Canyon Lake water. 

CWB had proposed last year a 
$5o million, 
5o-year water contract with the Guadalupe* 
Blanco River Authority. 

Disputed 

However, 
G-BRA’s right to sell the water became disputed last week, and the Texas 
Water Rights Commis­ sion has called an April 
26 hearing on the matter. 
Cisneros said all local 

Head-on collision kills I, injures 2 

A head-on collision in collided with the other northeast San Antonio vehicle, claim ed the life of a 
, 
, 
41-year-old man and in- 
Firemen used cutting jured two other persons torches to free Rockwood 
Saturday. 

The accident reported­ ly occurred about 5:3o p m. in the 55oC block of 
Randolph Boulevard. 

F’ronounced dead at 
Northeast Baptist Hospi­ tal at 6:4o p.m. of multi­ ple head injuries was 
Phillip I). Rockwood of 
134oo Fawnwood Drive. 

Driver of the north­ bound ear was identified as Michael Reese, 17, of 
16715 Canyon Ledge St. 

Witnesses told officers one of the cars was at­ tempting to pass four or five automobiles when it 

 and his wife, 
Edith 
Rockwood, 4o, from their vehicle. 

Both Reese and Mrs. 
Rockwood were undergo­ ing treatment at North­ east Baptist Hospital fol­ lowing the accident. 

 officials agree San An­ tonio, should begin plan­ ning surface water sources and lessen de­ pendence on the existing drinking water source, the Edwards aquifer. 
He noted Cibolo, to be located in Wilson County, once had the backing of 
City Water Board and other city leaders as the future water source. 
However, Cibolo was forgotten when “ the in­ creasing dominance of powerful land developers in city government and at. & the City Water Board resulted in priority shifts for surface water," Cis­ neros said. 
Developers decided their land ventures along 
IH35 north of the city could be better served with Canyon Lake water, 
Cisneros added. 
The result was a 
CWB-pro posed G-BRA contract, which City 
Council voted down 5-4 last May. 
Problem s with the contract included a d ­ vance paym ents to G- 
BRA before the city drew water, a provision more 

 can victimize all San An­ tonians.” 
Cisneros said he wants council and CWB to check with the U.S. Bur­ eau of Reclamation to see if the federal share of Ci- bolo’s construction, $24 million, is still available 
The reservoir’s total cost would be $52 million, although estimates show bond interest and maintenance costs would eventually reach $15o million, which would cost the city $3.25 million a year. 

Bonding 

HENRY CISNEROS 

 beneficial to G-BRA than 
San Antonio, Cisneros said. 
"The proposed G-BRA contract looks more and more like a special in- 

Also, the San Antonio 
River Authority, which holds congressional authority to build Cibolo, should issue bonds for planning and construc­ tion, Cisneros said. 
Help from the Texas 
Water 
Development 
Board also m ight be available, he added. 
If built, CWB should he terest sham ," Cisneros entitled to 2o,ooo acre- said. “ It has all the at-, feet of water per year tributes of the kind of from the reservoir, the high-pressure rip-off that councilman said. 
Fernandez raps T eniente 

Mike Fernandez, candidate for 
City Council in District 7. at­ tacked his opponent, incumbent 
City Councilman Richard Ten­ iente, Saturday. 

“Teniente insults the voters of this district by telling them he 

 got such projects as the May­ berry (Street drainage) project for them," said Fernandez. 
Fernandez charged Teniente is supported by special interest groups and Teniente has consis­ tently voted with the builders during his two years on the 

 council. 
Fernandez, associate dean at 
Our Lady of the Lake University, said he is not a politician. "I can only promise that I will sincerely represent the people of this area and consider their needs and the needs of the entire city.” 

 v ier * Hat* rn * 
- w 
Tm 
- - Mf' 
Pre-Holiday specials to give you a head start on Easter. 

UniPerm’" special 18.88. For men and women. Gives luxurious look of tnickness, conditions while it curls Shampoo, cut, styling included. 
Frosting special 18.88. Caress your hair with color. From a sprinkling of sunshine to bold accents. Toner and styling included 

Perms not recommended for bleached hair. 
No appointment necessary. Charge it. 
The JCPenney Styling Salon 

South Park 923-5461 
Windsor Park 654-1565 

Rohde: District needs planning 

A City Master Fdan will help District 6. which would not be like it is had a plan existed, said City 
Councilman Al Rohde, a 
District 6 candidate. 
“ Growth has always lagged in District 6 be­ cause of the lack of a City 
M aster P la n ," Rohde said at a Citizens for 
Rohde Town Hall Meet­ ing. 
Now that council has 

 approved the first of the of the m aster plan, 
Rohde’s goals for the district, better streets and more parks, sidewalks and drainage projects, can be achieved. 
No garbage or junk yards would have been located near residential or recreational areas if the city had prepared a master plan years ago, he added. 

Hands off I 

19.88 

Men s 5-function 

LED comes with 

 handsome round 

 silver tone case 

 and black leather 

 strap. 
29.95 

 gold tone 

 case with 

 brown strap 

Candidate: Too much bickering 

Hay Brown, candidate for District 6. said Saturday there was too much emphasis on petty bickering among the candidates. 
The candidates are too worried at>out sign vanda­ lism and too little concerned about the real issues involved with city government today, she said. 
She stated drainage must receive top priority attention from City Council. 
“ We d he better off spending our energies dis­ covering ways and means of encouraging Southwest development as part of total growth than just con­ tinually generating a lot of rhetoric attacking North 
Side growth iii and of itself," she said. 

Cisneros having rally 

City Councilman Henry 
Cisneros, District I can­ didate. is having a rally from 7 to IO p.m. Sunday at Christ the King Par­ ish. 261o Perez St. 
Food and refreshments will he served 

Cisneros also will i honored at a “ Votei 
Roundup Dance’’ from p m. to midnight ; 
Randy’s Rodeo, 
151 
Bandera Road. Thei will be a $1 donation. 

South Park ......................... Windsor Park 

San Martin reception set 

Mayoral candidate Dr. borne on Culebra Road 
Jose Sun Martin wili 
Also, at 7 p.m. San have a reception at ll Martin will address the a.m. Sunday, sponsored Uur Lady of Hie Lake by the Cord ie Marian University religious fa- 
Sjsters at the sisters’ cully on the campus. 

Science sem inar planned 

Techniques of using scientific instruments and interpreting data w ill he covered at a seminar called 
"Introduction to Scientific Instruments: Measure­ ment, Application, Signal Analysis,” at the 
University of Texas at San Antonio. 

The three-day seminar, presented by the divisions of Continuing Education aud Earth and Physical 
Sciences, begins Thursday. 

The seminar is geared to laboratory workers university faculty and high school and college* students. 

For more information phone the UTSA Division of 
Continuing Education, 227-9147. 

24x42 

Reg. 21.99. A bold Indian screen print accents durable nylon rug Zigzag borders accented with knotted fringe. 

24x42"; reg 4 99. Sale 3.99 
36x54"; reg 9 99. Sale 7.99 
Sale 16.8o 48x7o 
Reg. 4.99. A bold Indian screen print cut ’n loop polyester. Skid-resistant latex back 
21x36"; reg. 3 99, Sale 3.19 
27x45"; reg 6 99. Sale 5.59 
24x68"; reg 9 99, Sale 7.99 
36x58"; reg $12. Sale 9.6o 

Sole prices effective through W ednesday 

San Antonio EX PR ESS- N EW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
Page I 5-A 

MILITARY patrols street in Karachi, 
Pakistan. 
Strike stifles 
Pakistan 

COMPILED f»OM w ist SERVICES 
ISLA M A BA D . Pakis­ tan — ExplosAons were reported in two Pakistan cities Saturday as a gen­ eral strike shut down bu­ sinesses across the country to protest results of the March 7 general election. 
Security forces pa­ trolled all of the country’s major cities but no serious confronta­ tions were reported and sources said there were no injuries in any of the blasts. 

W orld 
Briefs 

Three explosions were neighboring Tanzania reported in Hyderabad. an(j Pledged to continue military aid for black nationalist guerrilla 
8oo miles south of Isla­ mabad and one in Sate! lite Town, just outside niovements. the capital. 
The strike brought Catholic church 
Karachi. 
Pakistan’s 
. largest city and major ^ c c k s IlllH M Ilg industrial center, to a standstill. Prime Minis­ ter X A. Bhutto renewed his offer to open talks with the opposition Pa kistan National Alliance. 

SANTIAGO. Chile - 
The Homan Catholic church, iii one of its most critical statements on 
Chile’s military govern­ ment, has asked author­ ities to help find hundreds of Chileans re­ ported missing after ar­ rest. 

Thai leaders fend off coup 

BANGKOK, Thailand 
— A maverick general’s 
The Conference of Chi* desperate effort to topple lean Bishops also ex- 
Thailand's militarily go- pressed concern over 
\ eminent has ended dis- restrictions on freedom mally with the surround- of information and what cd leader of the abortive it called the anguishing coup bargaining for safe and urgent economic si- passage out of the tuation of many Chileans. country. He also sought 
$1 million to insure his continued comfort in Physician can exile, but it was uncer­ tain whether he got it. 
One government gen­ eral and his aide were 
MOSCOW — Mikhail killed iii the short-lived Slitorn. a Jewish physi- rebellion. The military- chn who wus released 

 leave Russia 

 backed coliseum ive go- vent men!, which seized power in a coup lust 
October, inclosed a one* night curfew in Bangkok, although the prime min­ ister said the country had returned to normal. 
Nevertheless, military units ringed key build­ ings and installations. 

India forms a new {government 

NEW DELHI - India’s new Prime Minister De­ but has formed anew government despite a boycott by four of bis allies in the movement that defeated former 
Prime Minister Indira 
Gandhi at the polls. 
Desai distributed port­ folios to 14 cabinet min­ isters sworn in earlier in the day but kept four posts vacant iii hopes the dissidents could be per­ suaded to join the go- 
\ernment. One of the va­ cant twists was in the key defense ministry. 

Media \isit is cancelled 

KINSHASA. Zaire — Peat' 
M ilitary authorities canceled a trip for news­ men that was to have shown that invaders from 
Angola had nut captured the town of Mutshatshu in southern Sliubu Pro­ vince. 
While an official said the flight was called oft because of bad weather, two arms-laden CT3Us took off shortly before. 

P od^orii v gels warm welcome 

 t LUSAKA, Zambia — 
Soviet President Pud- gorny received un enthu­ siastic welcome in Lusa­ ka and declared the So­ viet Union will not rest until the oppressed black people in southern Africa 
•chieve independence. 
The 74-year-old Kus- siun leader flew in from 

•e m o v e iii 

Easy-care rugs in accent to area sizes. 
All at easy 2o% savings. lU U iiUli.llUUit 

Sheer panels. 

 at show-off 

\ prices. 

3.49 

52x84 

Sheer "Marsalles" 

 panel of polyester 

 knitted ninnon. 

Machine washable, 

 needs no ironing. 

Charge it use your 
JCPenney charge card. 

 from a prison camp in the Ukraine March 14. says he aud his wife have received official permis­ sion to leave the Soviet 
Union. 

Shtern was sentenced in 1974 to eight years in a labor camp after apply­ ing with his wife to emi­ grate to Israel. The charge against him was bribery. He and h«s wife will live with their two sons in Israel. 

Socialist leader quits 

TOKYO — A forint- chairman of the Japam esc Socialist Party has dealt the No. I opposition a severe psychological blow by bolting the party. 

In an action expected to have immediate ramifi­ cation on the upcoming election iii the uppei house of parliament. Sa- buro Eda resigned and blasted the Socialists for failing to rid themselves of their doctrinaire com­ mitment to Marxism. 

3.99 

58x81 

‘Lisbon’ 

 tailored panel 

 curtain in soft 

 solid colors. 

Decorates 

 any room in 

 the house. 

Philippines 

MANILA — President 
Ferdinand Marcos lias proclaimed autonomous a large area in the southwestern Philippine! where Moslems have been in rebellion against the central government. 

The proclamation, co­ vering the island of Pa­ lawan. the Sulu Archipe­ lago and roughly half of 
Mindanao Island, fol­ lowed an agreement with 
Col. Muammar el-Qad- daft. the Libyan leader 

Many aspects of the agreement were vague but the announcement said it would bring peace 
In the region. Qaddufi had openly backed the 
Mindanao rebels. 

Special buy on pinch pleated drapes 

5.99 
48x84 

Decorate your home 

 with these beautiful 

 drapes. Choose from an 

 assortment of solid 

 colors, now at this 

 special price. 

4.29 

4ox81 

’Zenith’ 

Floral print 

 panels to 

 brighten up 

 your room. 

6.99 

6ox84 

Victoria Lace’ 

 classic lace 

 panel in 

 polyester for 

 a dainty look 

 that durable, 

 too. 
JCPenney 

McCreless • Northwest • South Park • Windsor Park • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

Page 
I 6-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Sunday March 27 1977 

Sears 

SELECTIONS INCLUDE FLOOR SAMPLES, NEW, DEMONSTRATORS, DAMAGED AND DISCONTINUED 
ITEMS. No phone orders. All items subject to prior sale. Free Parking while shopping at Sears. 

FURNITURE 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W as 
N O W 
5o674 
Sofa. 'Tie D ie " 
......... I 
349 95 199.88 
5o684 
Demt-Sofa "Tie Die" ........ I 
299.95 179.88 
5o398 
Sofa. "F lagsto n e "............ I 
449 95 199.88 
529o2 
Sofa "H a rv e st"............... 2 
399.95 249.95 
52921 
Demi-Sofa, "Harvest" ...... I 
349.95 199.88 
52932 
Ottoman, "Harvest” ........ I 
99.95 49.88 
5o674 
Sofa. "Edgem oor" ........... I 
349.95 199.88 
5o684 
Demi Sofa. "Edgem oor” ... I 
299 95 179.88 
5o694 
Chair. "Edgem oor" .......... 3 
199.95 
89.88 
5o448 
Sofa, "M a ra m o n t"........... 1 
349.95 199.88 
58522 
Sofa. "Cherokee" ............ I 
299.95 199.88 
58532 
Dem. Sofa. "Cherokee" .... I 
269.95 149.88 
58542 
Chair. "Cherokee" ........... I 
199.95 99 88 

TELEVISION 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W as 
N O W 
42oo2 19" color TV, Solid State. 1- button color ..................... I 479.95 399.oo 
4 194 
19" color TV. Black Matrix 
Tube. 1 button color .......... 1 
459.95 329.oo 
442o 
2 5 " Color TV. Modern ..... I 
549 OO 479.oo 
5o172 
12" black and white 
TV ..... 8 119.95 99.oo 
5o731 
12" black and white 
TV w/sun screen ............................ 5 
129.95 
99.oo 
421o 
19” Color TV w/1 -button color ............................. 13 469 95 399 oo 
(All TV picture tubes measured overall diagonal) 

58o72 
69191 
69192 

Chair. "Haverford' 
.......... 
1 
249 95 69 88 
Sofa. "Spanish Rope."Brown 3 279.95 149.88 
Demi-Sofa, "Spanish Rope," 
Brown ............................. I 229.95 119.88 
69193 Chair, "Spanish Rope". 
B ro w n ............................. 5 149.95 
69.88 
69194 Rocker. "Spanish R ope" 
4 
169 95 
79.88 
6 9193 Chair, "Spanish Rope", Black 1 
149.95 
69.88 
582o2 Sofa, Floral ....................... 1 399.95 249.88 

SAVE $15o 
17-in. Color Portable 

• Solid state 
• I -button color 
Regular $399.95 
N o 4o72 
$249 
I ONLY! 

WASHERS 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
266o4 3 cycles. 3 temperatures, 3 water levels, avocado ....... 1 
25626 4 cycle, 2 speed, automatic. g o ld ................................ 2 
24451 3 cycle, 2 speed heavy duty. automatic ........................ I 
Heavy duty .................... 1 
Automatic ....................... 1 
Automatic ....................... 1 
4 cycle heavy duty automatic. with pre-wash ................. 1 
13 cycle Lady Kenmore. Sears 
Best ............................... 1 

244o4 
151o1 
261o1 
26752 

26931 

88 

SAVE on "Allegany" 
Bedroom Furniture 

‘2oo Chest 2 only 
99 

*149” Headboard 
3 only 2988 

*119” Nite stand is only 
3 
9 
88 

STEREO & SOUND 
916o4 PM Stereo Tuner w /8-track 

51287 
Demi Sofa, Bronze ............ 
I 
399.95 
169 88 
48262 
Sofa Sleeper, Queen Size. 
"Haverford" .................... 
I 
549 95 
399.88 
58o82 
Demi Sofa. "Haverford" .... 
1 
349.95 
249.88 
51892 
Chair. Brown vinyl ............ 
I 
249 95 
99.88 
68333 
Chair, Brown vinyl ............ 
I 
199 95 
99 88 
451o2 
Chair, Brass Trim ............. 
I 
199.95 
99 88 
54417 
Recliner, Rust vinyl ......... 
5 
219.95 
119 88 
54417 
Recliner, Black vinyl ........... 2 
219.95 
119.88 
54/94 
Recliner, Velvet Avocado .... 
I 
2 6 9 9 5 
179.88 
54645 
Recliner, Black vinyl .......... 
1 
129.95 
99.88 
54522 
Recliner, Herculon Plaid 
I 
249 95 
124.88 
28551 
Dinette T tole, "Yorkshire" .. 2 
99 95 
69 88 
29551 
Dinette Chair, "Yorkshire" 
12 
25.oo 
19.88 
28493 
Table, Glass and Chrome .... 
1 
119.95 
99 88 
29592 
Chairs. Chrome ...... „ 
4 
52 5o 
29.88 
71817 
Mattress. Queen Size ... 
3 
174 95 
59.88 
79547 
Foundatioo. Queen Size ___ 
1 
16o oo 
49 88 
79867 
Foundation. Queen Size . .. 
IO 
174 95 
59.88 
76548 
Mattress, King Size ......... 
2 
194.9o 
69.88 
76868 
Mattress, King Size .......... 
2 
244.95 
99.88 
79865 
Foundation. King Size ....... 
6 
124 9o 
49.88 
71818 
Mattress, King Size ......... 
4 
244 o5 
99 88 
71825 
Foundation. King Size ....... 
7 
124 9o 
49.88 
76862 
Mattress, Twin Size ........ 
1o 
119.95 
59.88 
79862 
Foundation. Twin Size ...... 
3 
119.95 
59.88 
76864 
Mattress, Full Size ... ....... 
7 
139 95 
79.88 
79864 
Foundation. Full Size ........ 
1 
139.95 
79.88 
137o5 
Chest on Chest. White 
2 
149.95 
119.88 
13713 
Mirror, White ......... ....... 
1 
6 3 o o 
29.88 
14619 
Headboard. Maple ........... 
4 
99 95 
49 88 
646o7 
Headboard, Full Size ........ 
4 
129.95 
24.88 
14369 
Canopy Bed. Full Size, White I 
119 95 
39 88 
13788 
Headboard, Full Size, Pine ,.. I 
119.95 
19 88 
6435 7 Headboard, Full Size, Pine ... I 
149.95 
39 88 
14314 
Chest, White .................. 
1 
119.95 
49.88 
64356 
Chest, Pine ........ ............. 
I 
299 oo 
129 88 
62o4 
Mirror, "La Strada" ......... 
2 
6o oo 
19.88 
624o6 
Nite Stand, 
La Strada" .... 
I 
1o9.95 
34 88 
62412 
Triple Dresser and Mirror .. 
1 
3o5.oo 
169.88 

 player/recorder ................ 
2 
139 95 
89 OO 
9oo62 
Stereo phonograph .......... 
2 
84 95 
49.oo 
91742 
Stereo component w/8-traek. player/recordei ... ............ 
I 
349 95 
199.oo 
33455 
Stereo console w/8-track. player/recorder. Spanish ... 
1 
379 95 
229 OO 
33654 
Stereo console w/8 track player/recorder. Colonial ... 
I 
379.95 
279.oo 
33554 
Stereo console w/8 track player/recorder. Colonial ... 
I 
329 95 
249.oo 
22998 
Desk-Top Football Helmet 
Radio (Houston Oilers) ...... 
6 
14 95 
7 95 
2381 
Digital Clock R ad io ............ 4 
59 95 
39 88 
21673 
Cassette Recorder ............ 4 
52.95 
39 88 
47123-231 Organ and bench ...... 
1 
229 95 
129 OO 

SAVE MOO 
Stereo Component System 
$169 
I ONLY! 

• 8-track player/ recorder 
Regular $269.95 
No. 91633 

FREEZERS 
15o6 
6 cu. ft. Chest .................. 1 
2623 
16 cu. ft. U pright.............. 1 
2625 
16 cu. ft. upright .............. 1 
2652 
2o cu. ft............................ 1 
1564 22.3 cu. ft. deluxe ............. 1 
REFRIGERATORS 
66141 19 o cu. ft. frost tree, side-by- side ................................ 1 
66521 15.o cu. ft. frost free, gold . I 
66526 15 o cu. ft. frost tree, gold . I 
65741 17.o cu. ft. frost free, with icemaker .......................... 2 
65521 15 o cu. ft. frost free porcelain interior............................ 1 
65161 22.o cu. ft. frost tree, side by- side ................................ 1 
66741 17.o cu. ft. frost free, with icemaker .......................... 6 
66742 17.o cu. ft. frost free with icemaker, copper tone ....... 3 
66714 17.o cu. ft. frost free, with icemaker, avocado ............ 1 
66716 17.o cu. ft. frost free, with icemaker, gold ................. 1 
66724 17.o cu. ft. frost tree, with icemaker. avocado ............ I 
66951 22.o cu. ft. frost free with icemaker.......................... 1 

KITCHEN PLANNING 

W as 
N O W 
Stock No. 
Item 
Quan. 
W as 
N O W 

78oo 
2 x3' Counter T o p ............ 
4 
8 95 
3.99 

269 95 
229 OO 
78oo 
6 ’ Counter Top ............... 
1 
4 8 o o 
29.oo 

78oo 
8' Counter Top ............... 
1 
1o8 oo 
69.oo 

279 95 
239 OO 
42334 
Electric Oven .................. 
I 
339.oo 
229.oo 

42356 
E lectric Oven .................. 
1 
359 oo 
25o.oo 

279.95 
219 OO 
42352 
Electric Oven .................. 
I 
359.95 
259.oo 

269 9o 
2o9 OO 
42646 
Built In Oven .................. 
1 
179 oo 
125.oo 

189 oo 
159 OO 
32454 
Built-In Oven .................. 
1 
299.95 
2o9 OO 

219 95 
189.oo 
164o 
Cabinet .......................... 
2 
121.95 
6o.oo 

54324 
Range Hood ................... 
1 
1o4.95 
79.oo 

3o9 95 
259 OO 
43456 
Electric Cook Top ........... 
I 
129 95 
99.oo 

33472 
Gas Cook T o p ................. 
1 
129.95 
79.oo 

399.95 
339 OO 
33426 
Cook T o p ....................... 
I 
1o9 95 
79 OO 

164o 
Cabinet .......................... 
? 
151.95 
69.oo 

199.95 
149 OO 
SUBURBAN SHOP 
329.95 
229 OO 
2572 
1o H P. Tractor .... ;......... 
I 1o99 oo 
899 OO 

349 95 
239 OO 
32178 
275o Watt Alternator ..... 
I 
549.95 
449.oo 

399 95 
439 95 
349.oo 
379 OO 
29752 
2 H P. Rotospader .......... 
I 
1/9 99 
149 OO 

559 95 
419.95 
429.95 

529.95 

419.95 

629.95 

539.95 

549.95 

4o9 95 

4o9 95 

479.95 

649.95 

449 OO 
349.oo 
339.oo 

4o9.oo 

339.oo 

529 OO 

439.oo 

439.oo 

349.oo 

349.oo 

399.oo 

529.oo 

RECONDITIONED 
G as & Electric Chain Saw s 
3o% OFF 
Regular Price 

HARDWARE 
1787 
Shop Vacuum ............... 
2o 
1o9.99 
69 99 
238o 
Lathe ........................... 
3 
159.95 
129 95 
653o7 
Chest and Cabinet Comb . 
1o 
239 98 
169 99 
2435 
Band Saw .................... 
2 
229 95 
199.95 
1172 
3 " Belt Sander ............ 
15 
54 99 
44.99 
97332 
3Vi HP Self propelled mower. 2-speeds .......... 
2o 
2o9 99 in '76 
169.99 

RANGES 

DRYERS 
623o6 
Portable......................... I 
139 95 
621o1 
Electric .......................... 1 
159 95 
667o6 All fabric, auto control, electric ........................... 1 
249 95 199.oo 
669o1 All fabric, auto control, deluxe giant capacity ................ 1 
269.95 
769o4 Gas with auto control ....... 1 
299 95 
76561 4 cycle, 3 temp. Perma press g a s ................................ 2 
219.95 189 OO 
767o4 Deluxe, all fabric, gas, avocado.......................... 2 279.95 
767o6 Deluxe, all fabric, gas, gold . 1 
279.95 

99 OO 
119.oo 

239.oo 
249.oo 

219 OO 
219 OO 

72761 3 o " gas, continuous cleaning oven. Sears Best ............. I 
74561 3 6 " gas. Deluxe continuous cleaning oven, center grill ... 1 
3o” gas, gold .................. 1 
3 o " gas. gold .................. 1 
3 o " gas, gold, continuous cleaning oven ............. 

399 95 329 OO 

SAVE ‘3o 
3Vz HP Rotary Mower 
99" 

• 2o-in. cut 
• No. 9o731 
W as $129.99 in 1976 
N O W 
2o TO SELL 

72266 
72o61 
72166 

399 95 
299 95 
199 95 

339 OO 
269 OO 
169.95 

1 269 95 239.oo 

• Blue 
Regular $15.99 
SAVE *6 
Toilet Seat 
99 

• 6oo watt 

SAVE *9o 
Microwave Oven 
$299 
Regular $389.95 
No. 99451 
6 TO SELL 

SAVE $8o 
Innerspring or Foam Set 
TWIN SIZE 

Regular $139.95 

No. 7oo64 
59 88 

2o TO SEU 
SEWING MACHINES 
124o 
Sewing he ad ................ 
I 
99.oo 
89.oo 
1947 
Sewing head................ 
I 
25o oo 
21o oo 
1431 
Sewing head ............... ... I 
24o oo 
21o OO 
1311 
Sewing head.............. 
I 
165.oo 
119 OO 
172o 
Sewing he ad................ .... 1 
22o oo 
12o OO 
1731 
Sewing head................ .... ? 
26o.oo 
21o oo 
1813 
Sewing head............. 
... 1 
34o oo 
25o OO 
143o 
Sewing head.......... ...... 
1 
24o oo 
2oo OO 
1941 
Sewing head, free arm ........ 3 
3oo oo 
2oo OO 

FLOOR COVERING-CARPETING-RUGS 

 flU S H 
Stock No. 
Item ................. Quan. 
75o2 
12 x9 Beige .................... I 
77o2 
12 x9 8 " C oral................ 1 
7792 
12 x9 '5 " Brown ............... 1 
7792 
12 x9' I " Mushroom .......... 1 
77 92 12 x1o 2 ” Yellow ........... 1 
7952 
12 x8 IO" Orange ............ 1 
7422 
12 x9 '9 " Burgandy Acrylic .. I 
7152 
12 x14 Beige Polyester ..... 1 
7792 
12 x13 3 " Powder Blue ...... I 

F O A M BACKED 
91o1 
12'x1o'6 ' Green and Gold ,. I 
5o21 
12 x9 'Solid G o ld ............ I 
9931 
12’x9' Rust Spanish Tile ..... 1 
91o1 
12 x1 o '6 ” Red and Black .... I 
8 43o 
12 x9' Brown and Black ... 2 
9931 
1 2 'x9'6 " Rust and Green .... 
1 
9551 
1 2 'x 7'6 " Blue and Black ..... 1 
91o1 
1 2 'x13'7" Rust and Brown . 
1 
99o1 
12 x12 Multi-Color........... 1 

M IN I-R EM N A N T S, All fully bound 
Spec. 
1o 4 x2 9 
A q u a ............. 1 
Spec. 
12 x4 6 
Gold ................. 1 
Spec. 
15 x2 6 " Gold .... 
1 

SH A G 
W as 
N O W 
Stock No. 
Item ................. 
Quan. 
W as 
N O W 
111.64 
54 88 
7472 
I2 'x 9 '7 " Green Hi Lo ... ... 1 
179 54 
88 88 
2o6 62 
94 88 
7472 
12’x1o' Avocado Hi Lo 
.... 1 
186.8o 
92 88 
176.78 
87.88 
7832 
12'x1o'7" Sage Hi-Lo . .... 1 
169 68 
83 88 
17o 9o 
84 88 
7852 
12 x1o Red Hi lo .... .... 1 
193.5o 
95 88 
19o.74 
94 88 
7872 
12 x1o' Gold. Plush 
... .... 1 
133 6o 
65 88 
143.o9 
7o 88 
7872 
12**11' Green. Plush ... .. I 
146 56 
72 88 
2o7.76 
99 88 
7882 
12 x9' Blue. Short Shag . I 
121 64 
59 88 
179 99 
87 88 
7892 
12 x9' Gold. Plush ..... .... 
1 
135 58 
66.88 
246 oo 
122 88 
DECORATOR R U G S 
5581 
4 x6’ Marasheen ........ .... IO 
49 99 
24 88 

159 99 
91 76 
79.88 
45.88 
57.88 
76.88 
19 88 
59.88 
49 88 
1o2.88 
89 88 

4248 
5583 
6 x9' Brown Braided ... 
9 x12‘ Green, Seven 
I 
69.99 
34 88 

115 99 
Continents ................ ..... 1 
299 99 
149 88 

153.oo 
39 99 
119 99 

5255 
5 x8' White Folk Kau 
SCULPTURED 
8112 
12 x 9 '1 " Blue .......... 

I 
59.99 

98.62 

29 88 

48 88 

11o OO 
8112 
12 x11' Avocado ...... ..... 1 
117.52 
57 88 

2o9 99 
8152 
12 x1 1 '9 " Copper ..... ..... 1 
219.o4 
99 88 

189 99 
8152 
12 x9' Gold ............. ... . 1 
169.52 
83 88 
8152 
12 x12' Spice ........... ...... 1 
223.36 
99 88 
8171 
12 x 1 o '9 " R e d .......... .. I 
129 27 
63 88 
69 56 
24.88 
8171 
12 x9' Foam Back .... ... I 
94 67 
47.88 
88 94 
34 88 
8352 
12 x 1 o '3 " Celery ...... ...... 1 
195 76 
97.88 
49 76 
17 88 
45679 
15 x18 Sculptured 
...... I 
179.7o 
89.88 
This i» only a partial listing of the fine selection available 

SPORTING GOODS 
61114 
Tri Hull Boat, 14 ft. (dmgd.) 
I 
6 2 9 o o 
388.oo 
61973 
Boat Trailer, 75o lh. cap. 
(New) ............................. 
I 
319 95 
288 OO 
61954 
Boat Trailer, 45o lh. cap. 
(Damaged) ...................... 
I 
199.95 
99 OO 
6o1o1 
12 ft. Super Gamefisher 
(Damaged) ...................... 
I 
4o9 oo 
289 OO 
61132 
12 ft. Gamefisher (Damaged) 1 
3o9 oo 
6o OO 
61132 
12 ft. Gamefisher (Damaged) 2 
3o9 OO 22o OO 
61813 
12 ft Jon Boat (Damaged) 
I 
219.95 
139.oo 
5949 
Motor, 7.5 HP Deluxe 
(Reconditioned)................ 
1 
469 95 
24o.oo 
594o 
Motor, 5.o H.P. 
(Reconditioned) ............... 
1 
229 95 
16o oo 
5856 
Motor, 3.5 H P. 
(Reconditioned) ............... 
1 
199 95 
119 OO 
59121 
Trolling Motor. 2 speed .... 
1 
54 95 
34 88 
25673 
Pool Table, Brandy wood, 8 ft 
(Damaged) ............ ....... 
1 
199.99 
88 oo 
25673 
Pool Table, Brandy wood. 8 It 
(Damaged) 
.................... 
I 
199 99 
119 OO 
26332 
Pool Table, Briarwood, 8 ft. 
(Damaged) ... 
I 
369 95 
229 oo 
25857 
Air Hockey. 7 ft................ 
1 
249 95 
149 OO 
25885 
Air Hockey, 5 ft.............. 
I 
99 99 
79 OO 
72476 
Propane Camp Stove .... 
1 
11 88 
9.88 
721o8 
Propane Camp Stove ..... 
4 
34 99 
29 88 
72224 
Kerosene Lantern .............. 
6 
5 99 
4 88 
77149 
Tent. 1o ft. x 16 ft........ 
I 
239 99 
199.88 
72621 
Cot, Double Deck 
1 
44 99 
34 88 
72o71 
Cot, Double Deck ....... 
3 
34 88 
26 88 

SAVE ‘5 
Tennis Rackets 

IO TO SEU! 

Regular $14.99 

■ y 
Downtown Plaza Store Only 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— 
Sundoy M o rch 27 1977_______ Poge 
I -B 

Usually sold only to leading hotels 
ONLY AT lOSKE'S 
SEALY POSTUREPEDIC 
Hotel-Motel Sleep System at 44.CX) per set below our regular price Posturepedic sets 

Specially priced! Sealy's 
Motel-Hotel Sleep System 

TWIN mattress or box spring 

Your m onthly paym ent is 6.oo on Jo sk e's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Joske's, San Antonio's largest independent Sealy dealer, carries the only complete line of Posturepedic bedding in south Texas And now, to celebrate Posturepedic month at Joske's we have contracted with Sealy to offer the same Posturepedic mattress sets sold only to leading hotels and motels. It has never before been offered to the 
Dublic, but now Joske's has it exclusively in San Antonio and Austin or a limited time. It has the same inner construction as the regular 
Posturepedics that promise "no morning backache from sleeping on a too-soft mattress''. Mattress coils are double tempered and framed with heavy border wire. Torsion bar foundation has special corner platforms plus heavy-duty edge modules and border wire Hurry in now and choose the size you need! 

COMFORT 
SYSTEM 

SUPPORT 
SYSTEM 

X t X 'l 

FOUNDATION 
SYSTEM r:: 

THE 
UNIQUE 
BACK 
SUPPORT 
SYSTEM! 

FULL-SIZE MATTRESS 
OR BOX SPRING, 
EA. PC. 
118“ 
Your m onthly paym ent is 
7.oo on Josk e's Major 
Purchase Budget Plan* 

QUEEN-SIZE MATTRESS 
AND BOX SPRING, 
2-PC. SET 

Your m onthly paym ent is 
16.oo on Joske's Major 
Purchase Budget Plan* 

KING-SIZE MATTRESS AND 
2-PC. BOX SPRING, 3-PC. SET 
Your m onthly paym ent is 23.oo on 
Jo sk e's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Bedding, all stores. Buy now and save! 

I 
April is Sealy Posturepedic Month at Joske's! 

'T h e monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only Each monthly payment includes sales tax and FINANCE CHARGE. A FINANCE CHARGE will be imposed for any current billing period in which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the Previous Balance The FINANCE CHARGE will be a 

 in ex< minimum of 5o‘ imposed on Previous Balances up to $35 OO On tho Previous Balam of $35 oo, the FINANCE CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Rate of 1 * 2 % 
-n ll;, fii t 
$5oooo of the Previous Balance and I % on the amount over $5oo oo, whir h art the equivalent ut 
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 

A UNIT O I ALLIED STORES 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Three Days only! Monday, 

I 
Tuesday and Wednesday, our 

 contemporary compatible 

 furniture is reduced for you! 

SAVE 

Assemble each piece yourself and save! Choose yours from famous makers, including: 

 iii J 
• USI Westwood 
■[I I f~-~.^ 
• lames David 
• Bassette 
5. 
• Broyhill 
• Futorian 

Every item reduced 25%! 

• Occasional tables 
• Solas 
• Love seats 
• Chairs 
• Dinettes 
• Wall units 
• Etageres 
• Game sets 
• Entertainment centers 

SORRY, NO MAIL OR PHONE 

ORDERS ON THESE ITEMS! 

ASK ABOUT JOSKE'S 
CONVENIENT MAJOR 

PURCHASE BUDGET PLAN! 

IN STOCK, 
READY FOR 
IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY! 

SHOP ALL STORES 
IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 
JOSKE’S 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

CONGRESSIONAL 
ROLL CALL 

W A SH IN G T O N — Votes of area mem bers of Con­ gress on key roll calls tor the week ending M arch 25, 
1977: 
House 
Common site picketing — 
B v a 2o5-217 vo te, the 
House defeated a bill which would have allowed build log trades unions to picket an entire construction site in a dispute with only one subcontractor on that site 
The measure had included exclusions for only low rise residential buildings and other construction already under way Passage of the bill would have overturned a 
1951 
Su p re m e 
C ourt ru lin g fo rb id d in g such picketing as illegal secon dory boycotts 
Provisions in the bill would also have set up a government spon­ sored committee to oversee and assist the collective bargaining process in the construction industry. 
A n e a rly id en tical bill c le a re d 
C o n g ress in 
D ecem ber 1975, but was vetoed bv former President 
Ford President Carter had said he would sign such a bill but would not actively work for its passage. 
Supporters of com m on site picketing said thot it was necessary to give con stru ction w o rk e rs equal picketing rights with or g a n g e d w o rk e rs in in dustry 
They said all con­ tra c to rs w o rk in g on a common site were engaged in a joint venture, and thus w ere in vo lved in each other's labor disputes. Op ponents argued that the bill gave building trades unions a dangerous and powerful new econom ic w eapon w hich would be used to fo rce a ll co n tru ctio n workers to join unions. 
The bill would also result 
In higher co n stru ctio n costs, opponents said, bv producing more strikes and m ore e x p en sive s e tt­ lements and by reducing competition between union and non union workers. In view of the House vote, it is highly unlikely the Senate will consider the bill. 
Voting to allo w co m ­ mon site p icketing : Goo- role; (D ). Voting not to al­ low common site picketing: 
Katen (D ), Krueger (D ). 
Senate 
Outside income lim it — 
B v a 35-62 vote, the Senate refused to delete an ethics code provision limiting the amount of money a senator could earn at jobs outside the Senate to 15 percent of a senator's official salary 
(or $8,625 at the new salary level of $57,5oo). 

The provision does not apply the limit to unearned income such as dividends from stocks or bonds, or to p ro ceed s from fa m ily farms or businesses. Ther­ efore, the prim ary effect of the limit is to reduce the ability of senators to earn m oney bv sp eakin g to groups or writing articles for fees. 
B a ck e rs of the 15 per cent limit on outside earned income said it was needed to prevent senators from collecting large fees from special interest groups and to force senators to devote full time to their official duties. 

Opponents of the income limitation argued that full disclosure of all speaking fees and other income was enough to insure against possible conflicts of Interest and that the lim it would discrim inate against sena tors without large amounts of personal wealth. 

Voting to remove limit on o utside ea rn e d inco m e: 
Tower ( R ). 
Voting not to rem o ve limit on outside earned in come: Bentsen (D ). 
Unofficial office accounts 

— The Senate voted 47 43 to table, and thus to kill, an am endm ent to the proposed code of ethics that would have prohibited senators from using funds raised for p o litic a l p u r­ poses to help pay for Sen­ ate office expenses and other official activities. 
M em bers who fa vo re d banning unofficial office accounts argued that of­ ficial expenses should be paid out of official funds and that p o litical funds should be re s tric te d to political uses. 
Opponents of banning the unofficial office accounts m aintain ed that o ffic ia l funds were in many cases inadequate to pay all the costs of maintaining a Sen­ ate office. 
T h at m an y functions could not be cle arly defined cis cither political or official and that the use of political funds for official expenses did not constitute a conflict ot in­ terest because fe d e ral election law requires dis­ closure of the donors of the funds. 
Voting to kill amendment banning unofficial office a cco u n ts: B en tsen ( D ) . 
Tower (R). 
B ritish rin g hit 

LONDON 
(A P ) 
- 
Police arrested 7o per­ sons in a nationwide dragnet Saturday to break up what they said ttas the biggest drug ring ever to operate in B ri­ tain. 
Police spokesmen said the series of coordinated arrests involved 8oo of­ ficers in England, Scot­ land and Wales and topped months of inter­ national undercover work. 
French authorities also made a dawn raid on a 
British-owned chateau in southwestern 
France which they said was a major transit point for 
LSL) hallucinogens shipped from Britain to 
France. british authorities said the gang had manufac­ tured and exported to the 
United States, Australia and the European con­ tinent millions of pounds 

 of LSD since 197o They said the LSI) was sold for millions of dollars, with much of the money then invested in legitimate businesses and property both In 
Britain and abroad. 
Police said it was unlikely that formal charges would be brought until Monday because time was needed to analyze the seized drugs. 
Police Supt. Dennis 
Greenslade, who organ­ ized the operation with the help of customs of­ ficers, said that in addi­ tion to the arrests of those who manufactured and distributed 1*SD, the raids brought a haul of 
“ many and varied dan­ gerous drugs." 
Simultaneous raids were launched at 5 a m. throughout Britain and were coordinated from a special command post. 
GET READY 

TO ATTEND THE GREATEST EVENT IN THE STATE OF TEXAS IN 1977! 

"OPERATION FAITH" 

EVANGELISTIC CRUSADE ANO SPIRITUAL REVIVAL 

Game! 
See! 
Jleasi! 

MUSIC! 

SINGING! 

EVANGELIST 

RAY E. 

HUTTON, JR. 

ONE OF AMERICA’S 
OUTSTANDING MEN 
OF GOO, PREACHING. 
PRAYING AND 
HEALING 
ALL WHO DESIRE! 

Evangtiist 
RAY E. HUTTON, JR. 

MIRACLES! 
H E A L I 

BLESSINGS! 
N G ! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
Somehow it’s not the same 

MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
FRIDAY, APRIL 1 
SATURDAY, APRIL 2 
SUNDAY, APRIL 3 
8:oo P.M. 
8:oo P.M. 
6:oo P.M. 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 

FREE! MIRACLE GIFT! FREE! 
TO FIRST 1ooo PERSONS ATTENDING EACH MEETING 

UNIDENTIFIED fe m a le officer lies on ground during com bat train in g . 

QUANTICO, Va. (A P) 
— They march like men. 
Shoot like men. 
Swear Uke men. 
Spit like men. 
Women Marines are moving out. 
“ A forced march to these guys is a fast walk.” said Ll. Jennifer 
Martell. “ For me. it’s a run.” 
Ll. Martell, 25, of 
Guiifoed, Maine, stands five-feet tall on her tip­ toes and weighs 11o pounds. 

She is one of 22 women to have completed two days of combat training last week at Quantico 
Marine base. It was the first time in the 2oo-year history of the Marine 
Corps that women have been trained for fighting. 

The women were not being trained for combat, but for support roles. 
Still, the corps wants them to have the exper­ ience with combat training. 
The two-day simulated war began at 7 a.m. 
Thursday for the 2HB Ma­ rines, all second lieuten­ ants in a 21-week officer training program at the 
Basic School at Quantico. 

The Marines spent the day practicing different combat situations — inching up thorny, brush-covered hills on their bellies, running through red-andwhite smoke screens called 
“ gas chambers” jump­ ing across streams where some fell in, and wading through muddy partially 

Even Mime of those who covered their feet with plastic bapt* before putting their hoots on had iee water seeping through their toes 

 frozen swamps. 
They were all carrying 
M lfi rifles, blanks for ammunition and packs weighing up to about 5o pounds. Some carried machine guns. 
During summer train­ ing, ticks and mosquitoes are the menace. 
In winter, it’s the cold which chills the body like an alcohol rub. Even some of those who covered their feet with plastic bags before put­ ting their boots on had ice water seeping through their toes. 

As the sun set over the rolling Piedmont plea- teau, the Marines settled in for the night to await the enemy — enlisted 
Marines who had planned a night attack. 
With a cast on one leg and olive and black greasepaint smeared on her face for camouflage, 
Lt. Martel grabbed her 
MIB and settled into the soggy foxhole she had dug. 
“ I didn t have to come out here,” she said, pointing to the cast which bound a torn ligament in 

 her leg. “ But I wanted to. 
I mean. I can still shoot.” 

Several yards away, Ll. 
Donna Manning of Gulf­ port, Miss., sat shivering in a four-foot-deep foxhole she and two male 
Marines had hailed out. 
They sank up to their ankles in mud. The night wind cut through their field jackets. They ar­ gued that it must be colder than the predicted 
28-degrees. 

Most of the women interviewed said they had trouble keeping up with the men in field exer­ cises. “ We’re always a little behind,” said Lt. 
Bonnie Joseph. 27. a former librarian from 
Pittsburgh. Pa. “ But we get there eventually. 

CAPT. Robin Austin w alk s through cloud o f billo w in g sm oke. 

CASTING OUT DEVILS BEFORE YOUR VERY EYES 
DOUBTERS AND UNBELIEVERS ESPECIALLY INVITED 

AND 
MORE 

Your delicious meals can be even more tempting when you serve them on beautiful Mikasa dinnerware. Exquisite porcelain and stoneware in a variety of lavish colors and patterns and the lowest prices of the year! Treat yourself to beautiful dinnerware from Mikasa and beautiful sav­ ings from Joske's. All quantities are limited; not every pat­ tern in all stores. China, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park and Austin. f / j / f 

M i A UNIT or ALLIED STOKES 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sunday March 27 1977 

HURRY! IT STARTS 
TOMORROW AT IO AM! 
THE BIGGEST 

'. ’I ' 
\v 
TIT- 
Bulletin 
Board 

WHATS 
COMING UP IN - 
; SANANTONIO 
THIS WEEK 

Students eye JFR death 

The Criminal Justice Forum, a University of 
Texas at San Antonio student organization, will sponsor a program on the Kennedy Assassination at 
8 p.m. Monday. 
It will be held in Room 2.o1.4o of the University’s 
Humanities-Business Building. 
The program will be presented by students 
Howard Everett, Charles Godwin and Ellen Mack. 
The program will include a film taken during the assassination and will explore W arren Commission findings and alternative assassination theories. 
MIKASA SALE 

HURRY! SHOP ALL STORES MONDAY IO 'TIL 9! 
Special Mikasa Values! 

:. ' 

Choice of 3 patterns! 
Choice of 2 patterns! 
Choice of 11 patterns! 
Selected patterns! 

SAVE 
V ON 
SAVE 95.o5 
SAVE 5o.o5 
SAVE 14.2o 

55 PIECE 
ON SERVICE 
4o PIECE 
ON EXTRA 
PORCELIN SETS 
FOR EIGHT 
STONEWARE SETS 
SERVING PIECES 

L O 
CD 

Cs 

9 9 " 

OO 
LO 
CO en 

CO 
LO 
CO en 

Orig. 25o.oo. Beautiful 55 pc. porcelain set includes 8 each; dinner, salad and bread & butter plates, soup bowls, I each: platter, vegetable bowl, creamer, saugar, lid, and 2 extra cups. 

 rn. i 

Orig. 195.oo. 55-pc porcelain service includes 8 each: dinner, salad and bread & butter plates, soup bowls, cups 
& saucers, I each: platter, vegetable bow!, creamer, sugar, lid, and 2 extra cups 

Reg. 14o.oo. Enjoy versatile tableware, casual or dressy 4o pc. set includes 8 each dinner and salad plates, soup/cereal bowls and cups & saucers. 

Reg. 49.5o. Ex4.a serving pieces always come in handy 5 pc. set includes I each platter, vegetable dish, sugar, lid and creamer in selected patterns only. 

Choice of 2 patterns! 
Choice of I pattern! 
Choice of 2 patterns! 
Choice of 3 patterns! 

SAVE 95.o5 
SAVE 8o.o5 
SAVE 7o.o5 
SAVE 6o.o5 
ON STONEWARE 
ON 4o PIECE 
ON SERVICE 
ON STONEWARE 
FOR EIGHT 
STONEWARE SETS 
FOR EIGHT 
FOR EIGHT 

9 9 " 

L O 
CD 
CD 
LO 

L O 
CD 
CD 
CC 

7995 

Orig. 195.oo. Great value on 45 pc. stoneware that includes 8 each, dinner and salad plates, soup/cereal bowls and cups & saucers aPlus I each: plat­ ter, vegetable dish, sugar, lid and creamer. 

Reg. 14o.oo. Included in this attractive set are 8 each. dinner and salad plates, soup/cereal bowls and cups and saucers. 

Orig. 16o.oo. This 4o pc stoneware set includes 8 each: dinner and salad plates, soup/ceral bowls and cups and saucers. 

 rn 

Reg. 14o.oo. Fantastic savings on 4o pc stoneware that includes 8 each dinner and salad plates, soup eeleal bowls and cups and saucers. 

T exas D ay breakfast set 

The deadline for reservations to the third annual 
First Independence of Texas Day Breakfast is 
Friday. 
The breakfast is scheduled for 7.3o to 8.3o am . 
April 6 at the Grand Ball Room of the Travelodge on 
Courthouse Square. 
The speaker will be Adda Navarro, a descendant of Jose Antonio Navarro. Miss Navarro is the founder of the Texas Hispanic Institute. 
The breakfast is sponsored by The Gutierrez De 
Lara Historical Society. 
Tickets are $4.25 each — including free parking inside the motel. 
For more information, call 225-4241 or 433-o223 or write the Gutierre De Lara Historical Society, 331o 
Herlinda Drive, San Antonio, 78228. 

Title 2 o to be discussed 
A public meeting concerning the Title 2o amend­ ment to the Social Security Act will be held at 1:3o p.m. Tuesday in the First Presbyterian Church. 
The meeting is sponsored by the State Department of Public Welfare, the designated Title 2o planning agency for Texas. 
Title 2o is the federal regulation which governs many social services provided by the state Welfare 
Department. 
Areas funded under Title 2o include protective services for children, children’s day care, family planning, employment services and community care for the aged, blind and disabled. 
The upcoming state appropriations bill will de­ termine the amounts of funds to be available for programs funded by DPW. 

Croup studies retirem ent 

A community service institute on preretirement and retirement service needs is scheduled Thursday and Friday at Trinity University. 
Some 5o people representing San Antonio educa­ tional institutions, employers, government agencies and other organizations will participate. 
The institute is sponsored by a grant from the 
Administration on Aging of the Department of 
Health. Education and Welfare. 

M edical b o o k s to be sold 
The University of Texas Health Science Center students and the Brandeis University Women’s 
Committee will co-sponsor a Medical Book Sale 
Monday through Wednesday. 
The sale will be held from 9 a m. to 5 p.m. in the 
Medical School student center lounge. 
Proceeds will benefit the student fund and the 
Brandeis University Library'. 

D efensive driving taught 

The National Safety Council’s Defensive Driving 
Course will be offered at two locations. 
The course will be offered from 6:3o to 9:3o p.m. 
Tuesday through Thursday in the Windcrest Crea­ tive Center. 56o5 Windsong St. 
The course also will be held from 7 to IO p.m. 
Wednesday through Friday in Helotes Methodist 
Church. 
Persons wishing to pre-register should telephone 
Van T. Smith at 344-3954 

 t 
Scholarships to be given 

Judging for nine distributive education scholar­ ships will be held Wednesday night at Old San 
Francisco Steak House. 
The top student from each of 25 h>cal high school clubs will be a evaluated by a panel of nine judges. 
Winners will be announced at the annual em ­ ployers appreciation banquet April 27 in the Con­ vention Center. 
Top winner will receive $1,ooo. Two $5oo awards will be presented while six students will earn $25o scholarships. 
Funds were donated by businesses. DE coordina­ tors and clubs. Highlight of the drive was a bowl- a-thon in which the students participated. 

Poultry talk is planned 

The Alamo Poultry Club and Incarnate Word 
College's science and mathematics fraternity will team up with three Texas AAM professors for serious talk on poultry problems. 
The poultry clinic will begin at 9:3o a.m. Saturday in the Nursing Building lecture hall. All of the illustrations are on slides. 
Originator of the clinic idea was Diana Tison. a member of the IWC nursing faculty who also raises show chickens. 
Texas A&M P oultry Science D epartm ent members will cover scientific topics such as feeding of the breeding flock, common poultry diseases and incubation operations. 

A uthor to discus* m edia 
Walter J. Ong, scholar and author, will discuss 
"The Future of the Media" at 8:15 p m Thursday in 
Room 1o2 of the Moody Life Science Building at Si. 
Mary’s University. 
Ong is a Jesuit author of books on the development and power of language from oral beginnings ti* current mass electronic communication. 
He is a professor of English and of humanities at 
St. Louis University and is president-elect of the 
Modern Language Assn. of America. 
The lecture is sponsored by the St. Mary's English 
Department. 

'Enlightenm ent* talk sci 

Erie Weiss, a teacher of Tibetan Buddhism, will give a public talk at 8 p m Friday on ' Things You'd 
Rather Not Know About Enlightenment.’’ 
The lecture will In* at Churchill Square Apart­ ments. 11726 West Ave., in the party house by the pool A donation of $1 is asked 
Weiss, from Santa Clara, ( alif., is a student of 
Vajracarya the Yen. (’hog)am Trungpa, Rinpoehe, a 
Tibetan meditation master. 
Beginning al 9 a.iii. Saturday, Weiss will give a two-day sem inar on "Buddhadharma: Transforming 
Confusion into Wisdom"" also at Churchill Square 
Apartments. Cost is $15. For more information, call 
342-1732 

^ D ELU X E: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
★ DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 * DEL 

DELUXE COUPON 

★ LIMIT-! - COUPON PER CUSTOMER PLEASE ★ 

MMB 
~ 
* m " 
IIM ■ i» w » lw»a"nii^wjiiiMinwni m m i» ii ■ min 
■un ■■ im mu inn m.tmm.uA, rn wummm m i u 
■ 
• 
►-UXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* DELUXE: YOUR HOMETOWN GROCER SINCE 1936 
* DEL'id 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

IA FOOD STAMP 
9 EM PSO N 
CENTER 

M A X IN E CASSES, of Sam u el C le m e n s H igh School, p resents a $ 2 ,1 o o check for the Special O lym pics to R u d y Sotelo, left, an d Ron D arn er 
Students raise $ 2 ,1 o o for retarded athletes olympics 

Thirty students at Samuel (’lemons High School raised $2,1oo for the San Antonio, District 2ft, Special 
Olympics for mentally retarded athletes. 
The students — members of the Office Education 
Assn — presented the $2.intl cheek to officials. 
The young women raised the money through a rock-a-ihon and a 12-mile walk 
The money will be used to purchase t-shirts, medals and lunches for the 1.ooft mentally retarded athletes who are expected to participate 
The olympics, for which San Antonio’s Parks and 
Recreation Department is host, will be at the West 
End Multi-Purpose Center Saturday from ft a.rn to 5 p.m. 
They wi«l also be held April 17 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Alamo Stadium. The olympics are an official event of Fiesta Week 

IMPERIAL j 
PURE CANE 
PLUS 
DEP. 
■ i i 
K i i i i i i i i i i n n 

*o*4 s$ 
5 

— " ^ D I A M O N D 
FASHION RINGS 

KNOWITON'S ASSTD. FLAVORS 
ICE CREAM 
P VALUE STAMPS 
MILK BREAD 

SANDWICH BREAD 
SAVE $23 
ROSE RING & 
Education o f handicapped to be discussed 

DETERGENT 
IRES WED., MARCH 3oTK, 1977 e COUPON GOOD ONLY AT DEI 
DELTA— 4 ROU PKG 

YOUR CHOICE 
BATHROOM TISSUE 
WITH PURCHASE Of A PKG. 
OF 4 GENERAL ELECTRIC 
IN SID E FROSTED 

3 diamonds Bach 
REG. $1oo. 
FLOUR 
Dr. Norris Haring, a professor in the College of Education at the Uni­ versity of Washington. will be the sixth lecturer to speak on education at 
Trinity University this year. 
His lecture on “ The 
Application of Techno­ logy to the Education of the 
Severely 
H an d i­ capped'' will be at 9 a.m. and 3 p rn 
Wednesday and Thursday in the 
Coates Center at Trinity. 

SAVE $1oo 

17 diamonds 
% carat. TW* 
PICKLES 

KRAFT MACARONI & CHEESE 
DINNERS 

IO diamond* 
6 PACK 
GLASS 
CANS 
2895o 

T W * * T u t * ! C a r a t iranian .I im 
I l l u s t r a t i o n s « m la » o 
I n 1 4 k g o t nu cmvtmm 
Mar rn §t/v" 
Backers 
We A d e p t 
• funk Arm'ncdtrl • Mastet Charge 
• Omen C lu b * American lapreti 
• Shopper* C harge • C e n e B lan ch e 
DELUXE QUALITY BARY 
The Distinguished Lec­ ture series is presented by T rin ity ’s education department in partner­ ship with Alamo Heights. 
Cluster IV' and llar- landale. East Central, 
Edgewood, Judson, M ili­ tary Cooperative, North 
East, Northside, San An- 

8 G R E A T ST O R ES IN THE SAN ANTONIO A R E A SO I 
East H ouston. D o w n to w n • I n Palmas Sh o p p in g Center 
• Plaid Terrell Sh o p p in g Center * 8 4 ? S W M ilitary D r,ve 
• Northw est Shopp ing Center • MeCieiess Sh o p p in g City 
• Central Park Mall • W indsor Park Mall • S h o p G ord on s 
Coast to ’Coast 

 tonio and South San An­ tonio school districts. 
The series brings authorities to speak to 
Bexar County area edu­ cators about current issues iii educating chil­ dren, iflcluding those children who have been identified as exceptional 
The series features impact on the teaching- learning process 

DELUXE QUALITY 

Prices Good March 2S»h thru March 3oth. 

Credentials 

Dr. Haring holds a 
Ph.D. in education from 
Syracuse University. He has served on the Na- I tional Advisory Com­ mittee on Handicapped 
Children, the National 
Advisory Committee on 
Dyslexia and Related 
Reading Disorders, and the Joint Commission on 
Mental Health of C h il­ dren. 
Ile also is a member of the Washington State 
Developmental 
Disahil- titles Planning and Ad­ visory Council and was on the state committee for the White House Con­ ference on Handicapped 
Individuals in 1976. 

CALIF. "FUERTES” BUTTERY 
" V j a M u s ic 
RI°E 
AVOCADOS 
H MEXICO CROP 

CALAVACITAS 
VISIT OUR STORE fTOR MANY MORE4 y SAVINGS! 

NOPALITOS 
Services today for area educator 

TtXAS VALENCIAS 
ORANGES 

CALIF. S.K. 165 SIZE 
LEMONS 
DELUXE PHARMACIES 

A 
Prescriptions Filled 

 sn C IM . TO THI tx m S S N IW S 

F L O R E S V IL L E - Ser­ vices for a former super­ intendent of the San An­ tonio Harlandale, Flores­ ville and Sinton school districts will be at 3 p m 
Sunday at F lo resville 
Methodist Church. 
S. Wiley Seale Sr., the superuitendent, died F ri­ day here. The Wilson 
County native was 79 
He also had served as 
Wilson County superin­ tendent of schools. 
Survivors include his wife, Gertrude, Flores­ ville, one son, S. W Seale 
Jr., La Vernia, and tine daughter. Mrs. H arry 
Woolsey, Floresville 
B u rial w ill he in 
F lo resville Cem etery. 

GET 25 
OR VALUE ST, 
I w a c H A s r o r a 4 < 
■w RAINBC w *■ 

Auk Input 
Jack. 
( 
TANGERINES eUy/r«cor<T^ 
% 
% I can ette tape 
% ' 
De ck with re- cord, play, feat forward, 
' rewind, atop/ 
S“de rule A M /F M die eject button* and auto stop. 

R ecord your favorite m uiic from the radio d irectly on to the c il m I I i tape. 

 earphone tw itch 
TOP VALUE STAMP REDEMPTION CENTERS 
395S FREDERICKSBURG ROAD 
2o25 GOLIAD ROAD 

< 
STT AM 

M onitor twitch. 
TROPICAL TREAT 
Built-in condenser m icrophone 

Slide tone & volum e control* 

— 
—---I--- 
. 
4 A 
‘ # J 
111 S I I L I M ! 5 3 o -o 3 3 -8 6 4 4 
2nd LEVEL NEXT TO DILLARDS 
Windsor Bark Mall 
Sew Antonio, Toeat m u s i c l a n d 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sundoy Morch 27 1977 
Hollywood solicits academ y balloting 

IC S A N G fiis tim es se« vk: e 

HOLLYWOOD ~ Oscars don’t come cheap. 
11^8 Uke a campaign for voles 

By last Wednesday, when the ballots that will determine the winners Mon­ day night al the 49th annual Academy 
Awards were due at the uecounting firm of Price, Waterhouse, United Ar­ tists had spent a minimum of $1oO,(KW to buy trade ads promoting “ Rocky" as the leading contender for Academy honors. Nearly another $111o,1)oo fed the ad campaign on behalf of “ Network. 

The bill for “ Bound for Glory" came to about $6o.OCH). Closer to the bottom of the scale, "Cousin, Cousine," nomin­ ated in three categories, invested under $1o,ooo, while “ .Jacob, the Liar," a foreign film nominee, could afford only $3,ooo worth of ads. 
The advertisements which run in the 
Hollywood trade papers each year at 

Oscar time are designed to call the attention of the Academy’s 3,349 voting members to the competing movies. As the basis of an Academy Awards cam­ paign, ads function as elaborate and, it is hoped, evocative reminders of their movies. 
Exposure 

A MONOFLEX ROOF is being applied to this house, that will’ not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate It against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. No matter what type of roof you have. Monoflex can be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether It’s shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. Stop by Coating Specialists at 11815 
Warfield or call 349-62o4 for a courteous estimate. 
(Rd. Adv.) 

To win over the hearts as well as the minds of the Academy voters, there are accompanying carefully orches­ trated publicity campaigns. They cost money — stars must be transported, phone calls must be made and so­ meone has to pick up the bill for lunch 
— but the value of such exposure is believed invaluable. 

And so, with seasonal regularity, the stars come out from hiding . . . with fanfare befitting a queen on a state visit, Barbra Streisand makes a rare television appearance to hand out a 
Grammy and to avow that for all her lone exile in the movies she has not forgotten her debt lo music . . . The equally reclusive Robert Redford agrees to meet with the Hollywood 
Foreign Press Assn. to speak of “ All the President’s Men" . . . W'illiam 
Holden drops by the Tonight Show to insist that his Oscar nomination is in­ deed a great honor . . . during the course of the George Foreman-Jimmy 
Young heavyweight boul, a prear­ ranged feature contrasts Young with the fictional Rocky Balboa ... Burgess 
Meredith is awarded an honorary degree by Upper Iowa University . . . somewhere in Hollywood in the middle of the night, a publicist awakes with a start, jolted by the sudden realization that he has overlooked People maga­ zine inarranging interviews for a client 

I 

Purpose 

 lf there is a touch of midwinter madness to the round of press conferences, talk shows, personality interviews and general self-congratu­ lation, there is an underlying serious­ ness of purpose. Everj’one knows that an Oscar is worth a lot more than the 
$1oo that it c'osts to produce each of the gold-plated slatuetees. No one agrees just how much more. 

Winning an Academy Award is said to boost an actor’s asking price 5 to IO times. And it is variously estimated that the film that is named best picture will easily gross an extra million or two at the box office, depending on how long the movie has lH‘en in release and how large its remaining audience. In the spectacular case of “ One Flew 
Over the Cuckoo’s Nest," which last year won the five top awards, a feat not duplicated since 1934’s “ It Happened 
One Night," the movie had grossed $43 million domestically prior to the Os­ cars; to date, its domestic gross has increased by $87 million. 

 such implications. In a dozen inter­ views with studio executives and inde­ pendent publicists — almost all of whom prefer not to speak for attribu­ tion — there are a handful of common refrains: “ Academy Awards can’t be bought." “ The voters are too intelli­ gent; they resent being manipulated.” 
"Ad campaigns must be tastefully done, because overkill can lose you an award.” 

 denly, newspapers were besieged with outraged letters, purportedly written by women’s club members incensed that the actress who had won an Oscar for “ Song of Bernadette” should now be playing a fallen woman. 

Except that the letters were f£t)<es. 
Upon investigation they were found to be the inspiration of a Hollywood pub­ licist representing a rival actress. 

In private, though, veterans of the 
Oscar wars still chuckle over the ex­ cess of the past. 
Scandal 

Embarrassed, the Academy at­ tached a foreward to its rulebook warning against “ outright, excessive and vulgar solicitation of votes." 

Don’t suggest, however, that the campaigns are actually veiled at­ tempts to buy Oscars. The ptHiple who make the strategic decisions bridle at 

There was, for example, that minor scandal in 1945 when Jennifer Jones was being touted for her role as a lusty half-breed in “ Duel in the Sun.” Sud­ 

 or course, Hollywood would not be 
Hollywood if it entirely foreswore vul- prity. But in recent years, such lapses have become the exception rather than the rule. 

Steel belted radials for import cars 
The Sprint Steel avai)able in 9 popular metric sizes 

*^Rocky’ is seen as 
Oscar derby champ 

General's new steel belted radial! Hts most imports and U S. com­ pact and subcompact cars. Features two steel belts, p>olye8ter cord body and a continuous rib pattern. 

9 5 
I SSK 13. 
^ 
165R13, 165R14, 155R15 tubeless blackwall 
Plus from 1.67 to 1.89 F.E.T. per tire depending on size. 

A ^ 9 5 
175R13. 
/ I ^jL 
175RI4, 165R15, 
J t tubeless blackwall 

Plus bom 1.95 to 2.o9 F.E.T. per tire depending on size. 

A ll 9 5 
^ ^ 
195R14. 
J t tubeless blackwall 

Plus 2.31 or 2.6o F.E.T. per tire depending on size. 

Jet Air III tubeless white sidewalls 
• 4 ply nylon • Blackwalls 3.oo-4.oo less per tire. iizc 
PUCE r o t 2 r.C.T. (CACH) i n c 
PRICE r o t 2 r.E.T. (EACH) 

6-5o-13 
4 1 .9 o 
1.75 
H78-14 
6 7 .9 o 
2.73 

7 oo-13 
4 9 .9 o 
1.95 
5-6o-15 
5 1 .9 o 
1.77 

C78-14 
5 3 .9 o 
2.o1 
F78-15 
5 9 .9 o 
2.4o 

E78-14 
5 5 .9 o 
2.23 
G78-15 
6 1 .9 o 
2.59 

F78-14 
5 7 .9 o 
2.37 
H78-15 
6 7 .9 o 
2.79 

G78-14 
6 1 .9 o 
2.53 
L78-15 
7 7 .9 o 
3.o9 

Chossb lube of no extra charge with purchase of Quaker 
State 
Super 
Blend oil change at regular price of 1o.95 

A SAVINGS OF 

Changing oil and lubricating your car's chassis can help ensur< ef­ ficiency and avoid repairs Coll for o tune saving appointment! 

Sporty golf umbrella 
2 
99 

General gob cap 
229 
J O S K E ’S 
M A UNIT or ALUO STONIS 
USE YOUR lOSKE'S CHARGE CARD AT ALL 3 LOCATIONS! 

 lO SK E'S CAR CARE CENTER 
8o3 E. Commerce, 227-4343 or 
223 1868 Open daily 8 i3o*5t3li 
Monday ana Thursday 8 i 3 l - 9 i i i 

G EN ERAL TIRE SERVICE 
8415 McCuUough. 344-9291 
19o2 S W . Military Dr.. 924-4411 
Open daily 7i39 -C io i 

By CHARLES 
CHAMPLIN 

 lO S ANCElfS times service 

HOLLYWOOD - Mon­ day nighl’^ Academy 
Awards should have their customary quota uf surprises ■— two or three 
— but the main item of conjecture is how wide the sweep for "Rocky" will be. 
“ Rocky” has had three things going for it: its professional excellences. 
Its warming uplift and its symbolic importance within the industry as an object lesson on how movies ought still to be made. 
A vote for “ Rocky" could be seen as a vote for courage, chance-tak­ ing, modest budgets, ori­ ginal properties, positive values and movies that make stars instead of renting them, and it will be astounding if the 
Irwin 
Winkler-Roliert 
Chartoff production has not been solidly endorsed un that basis. 
Choices 
So the guesses are: 
Bt‘sl Picture. "Rocky” first in a fine and admir­ able field, with “ All the 
President’s Men” the li­ keliest runner-up. 
Best Director. John 
Avildsen for his ingenui­ ty. economy and sensiti- 
\ity on “ Rocky." .^s the 
Directors Guild winner, he is on past evidence the man to beat Alan Pakula would seem a runner-up for "A ll the President’s 
Men," although no cate­ gory with Sidney Lumet. 
Ingmar Bergman and 
Lina Wert muller as con­ tenders can be confident­ ly predicttKl, 
Best Actor. Sylvester 
Stallone for “ Rocky." with Robert De Niro of 
“ Taxi Driver" pursuing closely. Allowed a long shot per category. I ’d here pick 
Giancarlo 
■Giannini for 
“ Seven 
I Ik‘auties" and the rest of 
I his work for W’ertmuller. 
Actress 
Hest Actress A full sweep for 
“ Rocky’’ would gather in Talia shire as well, bul a rat- loiial hi'ttor still tuts to go with l.i\ Ullmanii for her psychc.seareliitig “ Face lo Face “ The compeli- tluii appears to be nu close ihut .Marie-Ohris tine BarrauU from the mueh-llkeU 
“ t ousin, 
Cousine" could get ll 
Best Supporting Actor. 
JtMin Robird« for “ All the President's M en," for his exeellenee and 

 partly on the possibility that Burgess Meredith and Burt Young might divide a “ Rocky” vole. 
Best Supporting Ac- trese. On a hunch. Jan 
Alexander in “ All the 
President’s Men," witli 
Beatrice 
Straight of 
"Network” a contender. 
A subhunch is that the voters vastly admire 
Jodie Foster but haled the role. 
Best Original Script. A tossup between Stallone for “ Rocky" and Paddy 

Chayefsky for 
“ Nev work." with a slight edge for Chayefsky’s rhetoric. 
Best Adaptation. Wil­ liam Goldman for “ All the President’s Men,” although a surprise could lurk here. 

 to the latter. 

“ The 

Foreign 
Best Foreign Film . 
Another tossup. I’d think, between “ Cousin, Cou­ sine’’ by Jean-Charles 
Tacchella and 
Lina 
W ertm uller’s “ Seven 
Beauties.” with a leaning 

Quick Picks: 
Art Direction. 
Last Tycoon.” 
Cinematography. 
“ Bound for Glory." 
Costumes. “ F e llin i’s 
Casanova." 
Documentaries, “ Har­ lan County, U.S.A." 
Best Original Score. 
"Taxi Driver." 
Best Song Score. "A 
Star Is Born.” 
Best Song. 
“ Ever- gre«*n.” 

WANTED 
FOR TOTAL 
REPRESENTATION 
IN CITY COUNCIL 
FOR DISTRICT 3 
JAMES M. “JIM" LISTER 

W ARNING: THIS MAN DOES WHAT 
HE 
SAYS— ATTACKS 
PROBLEMS 
IMMEDIATELY. 

P oM to r b y Jim U » *» r, S H W . H a rd in g . 
____ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 9 7 7 
» 

House amends Senate coal slurry bill 

EXPRESS NEW S CAPITOl BUREAU 
SB185 by Sen. Max 
Sherman of A m arillo passed the House on a voice vote here Thursday and was sent back to the 
Senate with eight amendments tacked on. 
The bill, sponsored in the House by Rep. Joe 
Hanna of Breckenridge, 
TODAY’S 

 i . W 
E 
E 
P 
S 'T 
A 
K 
E l 
9 

BONUS NUMBER: 

o 
o 
o 
- E 
O 
- o 
O 
H 
E 
] 

I 
The following numbers win 
TWO $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

464-26-5839 

231-5o-542o 

451-94-1362 

227-32-o256 

461-1o-5459 

 d e a d l i n e : 
5 
P . M . 
M o n . 
3 - 2 8 - 7 ^ 

N o claims honored on Saturday or Su nday. 

C laim s n o t h o n o ra d on Sat. o r Sun. 

W in ne rs must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the S W E E P S T A K E S E D IT O R at the E xp re ss-N e w s building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PR IZE S A R E IN THE F O R M O F G IFT C E R T I­ 

F IC A T E S FO R THE A M O U N T W O N R E D E E M A B L E AT S T O R E S W H IC H 

H A V E A D V E R T IS E D IN THE S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E S S, THE N E W S , 

O R W E E K E N D E X P R E S S -N E W S T H IS W E E K . W in n e rs of Sp u rs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they m ay claim their two free 

 tickets to the hom e gam e of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $ 1 ,o o o Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you ll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O P U R C H A S E N E C E S S A R Y . Entry cards a lso available at the E x ­ p ress-N ew s upon reguest. W in n in g num bers m ay be view ed at the new spaper offices from 8 : 3 o a.m. to 5 : 3 o p.m. M o n d a y - Friday or 

 at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I. TO IN TI* 

 w it* rn* r# ^ # # *t# 4 i«##rm #t» #n 
T M F W o o f le t v r t t y N u m b e r mm* « M l it • • SW IERS?A R IS . I I 
PRISS 
ANO 
NEWS 
P O 
S O I 
I S H , %m» A n t * * * . 
I H R T 
Th# # n try t»Mp »w m u tt It# rn* tm rn i 
# 4 4 * #»»#4 •« # 
«t*#fk m BMI BMI 
N o l l P#' 
Blot*#4 l« •*»♦*» in fry € 9 *4* a * a tta **# rn* 
I * # * • » • 
N ew s. A e # I m*4 V M r4 M 
N # m 
I SO • -* * . 
* • 
S SO p m w k 
4u,% R# BW# 
HS# 
Y IS '’ 
In a 4 yaw w ith I# tw S w rR # • • 
HW lA p r« M # r M # w * * r t»#ffc bm if yaw v i l l i ♦© # 4 4 #n 
*H»#r 
# •##< O f HH *# Hi# 
N O fc#« 4 yow 4 # « * t 
»# 
»i4a»ftf(l»# 
I ta**#* w « y , yaw arm #itg«4»i# f# r afm prt»#a if y# u *# » 4 » *f»# tmm- 
* pt#»#4 # « *ry to r 4 

3. PRUIS 
P ria # I «**H ba o tte r# # 4#»*r 
M #n - 
R ay ih ra v flb fr« 4 # y. *# H i# Sam 
A n ta n m la p ir a ii »« # Th# H a w i mn* $ # t# r4 # y «« 4 $« «# *** 
*h# 
I #p»# >#<SS# WR. b # * * 4 bp# « 4 f# w - m n «BMMiiu«!#4 4#«ty «M*4 a « Tri- 
4# y» 
(ar th # mr mmk 
# « 4 * 
##4 
M a n N y v W iw ta n 
I * a w a r- 
4 # 4 g ift l a r h f t i f t a i aA»*Mh*§ th # rn 
I# H tau cb#*## 
# f r##**4 iw a rih a n P i# 
#r#tw fw m i w ho h a * # o4*#rt>k#<l in th # San An t#n># I« # '• * » Th# N f w i mr •# ♦* itr4mf rn* Swn4#p l*p » # * » -Hmm* 

SONDAY 
P R U IS 
W ILL 
CONSIST 
O f 
ROHUS 
N u M S I RS 
W ORTH 
$1 OOO OR 
M O R I (AC M 
W M B 
PLUS t o SPURS S I TIC U I TS SACH 

 k 
# p ra ta n t 
I* 
*•*!» >•« X" 
IWM. fl^ .u WW, th. Hi WI He 
•I ,K» WIN *« 
WW •*- tfoianwi I>oo ta #.'i«* M ta. 

WMH > X I - t a . W i . m j 4mr to t taw , t a '* * . •* • m mmOtm w . k . 1 ilttaw* ta* i*ta*f, H lw i 

I# a** ******* am ta* >.*»*•* 

• *«.a*—' AAta.A*ta** ta ta* *•*!, 
I . t a * * * O I T h . ta*Mr* Ka ta t a * 
. t a k . . . t a * * * a * * * * » M * * * I 
B i t o rn t a '* * . auxil wa: contin 
Oil 
BLO i l l 
I t 111 
IO I t ) 
I t a u t B> i K i i i i i i * * * • ) 

D A UT P U H I IN t o TM I M IX 
M I U ANO IM * K IW I 

B M ( l l 
14 111 
IO (» ) 
I 4 *o X 4 B t M M U l l * A l * l 

 a 
VO TA: o r 
H O O ta w i n oah f n u t x t i 4*uxi ncxitti 

3 . H O W Y O U C A N 
W IN : 
A #r#wmg WR bm h#*4 4#»*» •• 
‘ >* aas# toff# aw MIR Aor * 
San** 4a r 
S#n4ay 
#n4 
»«•»•»* will b* At awn th # ^ a « a A f l| tr*4mv 
Th# a w k a * yay %mn* rn y##r fatty, rh* rn#*# 
#•#** y # a ar HI b« #i*g«M # win p ri» # *f 
4 . DI A O U N ! TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
Wm*MAg m«nMa#rk wilt to# p#S*»*h 
# 4 BMMsh Blay rn rh# S#« A n t# # *# 
I*# # ** # . Th# N a w i an d S # r# # 4 « f 
# « 4 i# |tr# M -N # # r» . l l * p rat# wmnmix writ haw# 
#»*»l 
••an Ha# («ti#win« 4#y ♦# t »««*** 
Hmm * wwRati twill hew# 

 a r SWMSay, rh # # * < ••• m o d h # 
«ia«m #4 A y S p m . rh # to ll# w in g 
M o in la y a r th a y w ill h a t#tt# »t# 4- 
WMwaar* m a r « •# » • r# th # C h* c i a nan O a pt 
# f th# 
I a p r aaa 
N a * * fcwtkftng.- A v#. I an 4 Third 
St t# cloam thai# p rU a t. 
Thay m a rt haw# p ra a f Bat h a ir %m*ml 
Sac w itty n #m h ar y ra fa ra b iy a 
S#«»#t Sa* ar tty * a » i p h i arha r 
*4#«ttf ♦«•♦**** W m «#r» m a t* ta # - tact th# la p ra a a a w l H a w i b y rh# 
•p y r a p n e ta 
Aa a Alm a a r prtaaa ar At ha far4a«t#4 

3 . W H O M A Y IN TE R 

TK# SSO OOO S « # a fita b # i 
T I ta 

 rn bm tm rh# San A » • • # * • la p ra a a 
# « 4 Th# N am a a ra 
4 f# H th # ra 4 
Th# a n i* »ae#*»aaaant i t th a t ha a r aha haw # a 
Saata* 
S a «a rity 

Btl f«pwaaa H a w i 
Carp, mm* 
W arfA 
Prtnamp 
Ca 
•hair aaaara mm* A ttriS v ta r i ara aaa a h a * * . 
N O 
PORCHAS! t i 
N i l l SS A it r IO SNTIR O I C LA IM 
A N I X ! 
A n # n try aa*4 w iU h a r# m ia h # 4 irp a# ra p a a a t N a m aha 
San 
A**#***# 
I a jar aaa ian4 
Th* 
H a w i h a m I SO a w aa 
S SO p m w a a b tH y t 
W m n wig no m h a r t w a y h # * * a w a f a t th * la * pr a bb hi# wr» b u tt A tap tra m 
S S O a rn t# § 3 # p m . M # *4 # y -F rt- 
Blay, rn* a t p a b fu h h ra n a a A a rin g a p a# haar# 
YOU 
N H O 
NOT 
S U B K RISI 
OR 
M A R I 
AN Y 
PURCHASE Sara yaw m a tt a a fa r ta h# wiipxhi# ta a m 
THIS o # H R IS 
VOTO 
W H tftf ftlS TR iC TfO 
BV 
LAW 

 grants the right of emin­ ent domain for cont ruc­ tion of a coal slurry pi­ peline from Colorado, through Texas, to Angle­ ton near Houston. 
Planners of the project are Houston Natural Gas 
Co., and Brown and Root. 
Debate on the bill took a full day Wednesday be­ fore the House approved it 111-34 to third reading and final passage. 
Malpractice 
HB1o48 by Rep. Tom 
Cher of Bay City w as sent to the Senate by a voice vote following a full day of heated debate. 
Supporters of the bill spent Wednesday beating back all but three amendments which the medical profession had sought to place on the bill. 
Wednesday's test vote carried the medical mal­ practice insurance bill to third reading by a 144-1 margin. 
CCMA 
SB 137 by Sen. John 
Traeger of Seguin passed the House on Thursday by a 133-o m argin and now goes to the governor. 
SB137 expands the size 

 and authority of CCMA to include annexation of 
Selma and Cibolo and the right to develop and sell surface water 
CCMA, which provides sewage service to Selma and 
Cibolo under contract, also serves 
U niversal 
C ity and 
Schertz in its present jurisdiction. 
Restrictions on the bill require CCMA can only sell water under contract with the cities, and the contracting cities must pay the full cost of water developm ent. Also, no sewage revenues may he used for water develop­ ment and any proposed water development bonds secured by property taxes must first he ap­ proved by the voters with the CCM. 
School 
Voice vote approval was given Thursday to a h ill m aking Southwest 
Texas State University at 
San Marcos an indepen­ dent. state supported sch o o l. It now goes to the 
Senate. 
Under HB95o. SWTSU will he removed from the 
Texas State University 
System which now in­ 

 cludes 
Sui 
Ross 
University, Angelo State 
U niversity and 
Sam 
Houston State Universi­ 

 ty 
Natural death 
SB 148, sponsored by 
Sen. Ray Farabee of W i­ chita Falls, was passed 
2o-11 in the Senate and sent to the House. 
The h ill would authorize any adult to decide whether a termin­ ally ill patient should he allowed to die if the pa­ tient cannot live without life-supporting machin­ ery. 
Sen. Traeger, who had earlier voted for the hill when it first came up on the Senate floor, said after Wednesday’s vote he had switched after a barrage of telephone calls and telegrams. 
Sens. Frank Lum bar-' dino and Glenn Koth- mann opposed the b ill from the start. 
Residencies 
The Senate gave unan­ imous approval Thurs­ day to HB282 providing new funding for hospital residency programs in family medicine. 
Rep. Lyndon Olson's 

 hill now goes hack to t In- 
House with one m inor amendment. The amend­ ment is expected to re- cive swift approval in the 
House, clearing the bill on its way to the gover­ nor 

The Waco representa- Texas Colleges and Uni- tive’s hill earm arks v e ritie s C oordinating nearly $3 million in state Board would he allowed funds over the next two to contract with medical years to pay for 13o addn schools, licensed hospi- tional family training re- tals and non-profit or- sidencies at hospitals. ganizations for the e \- 
Under the h ill, the handed program. 
Rave a nice ®Ea§tefl 

J 
S 
H 
E 
’ S 

H o w th e y v o te d 

 i f 
/ 

 o 

TO rn 

© 
O 
/ 

 w 
/ 

/ 
I r y as lions** o° 
* 
/ 
/ 
* * 7 « ? / 
RON BIRD 
Y y y 
I 
I j 
AL BRO W N JR. 
* y y y 4 
D ON CARTW RIGHT y I y 
I y r 
I 
I 
MATT GARCIA y y y y 
JOE HERNANDEZ n o o 
° T 
FRANK MADLA 
V y y y 4 - 
4 - 
Jim n o w l in y y 
I y y 
1 
! 
1 
DON RAINS y 
* y y 
I 
ABE RIBAK 
7 y y y r 
LOU NELLE SUTTON 
* y y y 
I 
FRANK TEJEDA r y, y 
* 
BOB VALE y y y 
V 
- 
' l r XI is N r i m t r 
I 
I 
I 
GLENN K O TH M A N N 
I y 
1 y 
FRANK LOM BARDINO t y y 
JOHN TRAEGER t 
T y 
I y 
Y = Yes 
A = Absent 
W eek ending 
V 
N = No 
o = Abstain 
March 2(> 

S T A 
T U 
S O 
F M 
U 
U 
S 

ASH ERS TO P O S T C A R D , PLEASE! mmmmtmmmmm' 

P i 
S an A n to n io E xp ress 
The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 7 7 1 
□ 
YIS 

Moil to h p 'd i otaJ N f* i S w tililA itS 

F O l o . 2 i 8 1 ion Ankta<e I t i« i 
A n iN circulation cxpi 

MV (OCULI M C U #IYY MWRfckkA III 

□ 
□ 
□ 
- □ 
□ 
- □ 
□ 
□ a 
□ 
NO 

P 't a jt* t a * '* ' rn # m ta # 
SW U *v AXIS and I »ovta 
Ilk* IO ta*lmr a tu b n r.p t,on at 
•nd*tot#d b#*Ow *o< ta# «##t 
9o don 

Pt#o»# o rtim rn# in ta # iW ttPSlAXtl bv* I IX#'*' 

 n u * to o t4 o * a t u b u '* 9 ><o« t o ta# gufW't <J* ta.i »>m# 

 t i i t PHON* 

PP 

NAlYf „„ 
—..........-— 

ADOM I * ------------- -..........- ta— ,.----- --— .— 

 r n * 
____ 
____ 
, — — 
L tA f|_ — 

□ Pt#ai* >*u<* d * K . # < , « • ta# N « w i I % u n O o t I J ** « o » # d # '■■•#•, a» ta # i« # < # » i k 

EZJ * < # g » b » ta l i i i x # i i mom N « » > 
EJ I pm <x<#odk « iwblk' b#' Hi ta# fig '*k l g>#«k# add ta# N «*i Mu,.da, 
HI *» 4*b»i>■#•*•» 

D 
' o * < a * * # o d k a i x b i t •>«•#' ta ta# N # w i g ta « 4 # odd ta # | x ^ * n rno t t m t I ' - d a . ta • * , 4 a b * i* * g ( « 

E X P R E S S -N E W S C A P I­ 
TO L B U R E A U 
AU STIN — The le g a liza ­ tion of horse race betting in 
Texos stands only a 5o-5o chance of su rv iv in g its firs t c r u c ia l te s t in th e 65 th 
L e g is la tu r e , th e 
Express News has been told. 
The Texas Horse R acing 
Act is due fo r its firs t pu b­ lic h e a rin g on A p r il 13 b e fo re th e H o u se I n t e r ­ go vernm ental A ffa irs Com m ittee here. 
C o m m itte e c h a ir m a n 
R ep. G ib L e w is of F o rt 
W o rth s a id th e e n tir e 
House chaer has been re ­ served fo r the he aring in a n tic ip a tio n of a h u g e c ro w d of s u p p o rte rs and riv a ls of pa ri-m u tu e l horse betting. 
A com m ittee spokesm an said m ost of the testim ony would probab ly com e fro m those who oppose the bill. 
L ike ly to show up w ill be re p re s e n ta tiv e s of c h u rc h g ro u p s w ho ha ve a lw a y s opposed g a m b lin g and, of co u rse , the ho rse ra c in g afficionado who wants race betting legalized. 
Le w is to ld the E x p re s s 
News a s tra w p o ll of his c o m m itte e m e m b e rs in ­ d ic a te a b o u t h a lf a re against the legislation and half fa vo r its passage 
" I f s going to be a close vote fo r s u re ," Lewis said. 
T h e h o rs e ra c in g a c t 
( H B 1499) is b e in g s p o n ­ sored bv Reps M att G arcia of San Antonio, B illy H a ll of 
L a re d o a n d 
C ra ig 
W ashington of Houston. 
It calls fo r establishm ent of a state R acing C om m is­ sion and sets a long list of re g u la tio n s fo r state con tro t of both horse ra c in g and p a ri-m u tuel betting. 
T he b ill a ls o c a lls fo r lo c a l o p tio n e le c tio n s bv w hich voters In each area of th e s ta te m a y d e c id e w h e th e r th e y w a n t ho rse ra cin g and betting. 
The b ill a ls o c a lls to r lo c a l o p tio n e le c tio n s bv w hich voters In each area of the s ta te m a y d e c id e w h e th e r they w a n t h o rse ra cin g and betting. 
U n d e r th e p ro p o s e d legislation, the stat? w ould re ceive 4 per cent of the gross receipts. 
But vet to be de term in ed is w h e re th e re v e n u e s should be used. M any ob se rve rs feel pu blic educa hon should be the firs t be neficiary. 
The status of other m a lo r le g is la tio n in tro d u c e d bv m e m b e rs of th e 
B e x a r 
C ounty le g is la tiv e d e le g a ­ tion Includes 

L E G A L I Z A T I O N 
O F 
BING O 
— In trodu cea bv 
Sen 
F ra n k L o m b a rd in o . 
Senate jo in t Resouiut'on 3 has been pa ssed bv the 
Senate ond is a w a itin g a p u b lic h e a rin g b e fo re the 
H ouse 
C o n s titu tio n a l 
Am endm ents C om m ittee 
C o m m itte e c h a ir m a n 
Rep 
T im Von D ohle n of 
GoitQd said the bingo mea s u re w ill p r o g b o b iy be heard the eat iv p a rt of 
A p ril it it is fin a lly b o s s e d . 
L om bo * lim o s m e a s u re w o u ld a llo w to r a c o n s titu tio n a l a m e n d m e n t re fe re n d u m to r v o te rs to d e c id e w h e th e r b in g o should be legalized 

SICK RAY R E P E A L 
— 
SB459 b v 
L o m b a r d in o , proposing to s trik e the 1975 law w hich gives police and fire fig h te rs u n lim ite d a c­ c u r a l of s ic k le a v e , is a w a itin g m o vem en t to the 
House flo o r to r debate. 
The b ill is now sitting in the House C alendars Com ­ m ittee w hich is expected to pass it out to the House soon. lf passed bv the House, the m easure m ust re tu rn to th e Senate fo r fin a l c o n ­ currence of an am endm ent ad ded to SB459 bv Rep. 
Ron B ird of San Antonio. 
B ir d 's a m e n d m e n t elim inates the gran d fa th e r c la u s e c o n ta in e d in th e 
S enate v e rs io n of SB459 which w ould have allowed 
San Antonio police and fire figh ters to continue re ce iv­ ing fu ll b e n e fits u n til the repeal law becom e effective, 
No o p p o s itio n is an tic ip a te d (ro m the Senate which m eans the sick pay re p e a l is e x p e c te d to re c e iv e s w ift a n d e a sy passage. 
G LUE S N IF F IN G B IL L 
- HB29 bv Rep. Bob Vale is sitting In a subcom m ittee of the H ouse H e a lth and 
W elfare C om m ittee os if in a deep freeze. 
Vole soys he hasn’t given up ho pe to r h is b itt to re q u ire p a in t m a n u fa c ­ tu re rs to pu t a d d itive s in aerosol spray paint to d is ­ c o u ra g e p e rs o n s fro m sniffing it. 
Former employe files suit 
A former reporter for the Express-News Corp. has filed a $1,5-million suit against the corpora­ tion and its editor and publisher, Charles o. 
Kilpatrick, for allegedly making "malicious and ; reckless’ * statements j against him. 
Aziz Shihab, an em ­ ploye from 1987 to 1975. is seeking $5(KUMM) in actual damages and $1 million in exemplary damages from Kilpatrick and the 
Express-News for "false, defam atory and libelous" statements made against his char­ acter in an article ap­ pearing i i i Texas Monthly magazine. 
Shi h i b s suit alleges the Express News would sensationalize his news articles and then use his byline without his appro­ val. 
Kilpatrick, in reply to charges made by Sh I bab 

 i ii Hie magazine article. wrote in a letter to the magazine that he had fired the writer l»ceuuse he had lost confidence i i i him 

C PS 
B O A R D 
A P P O IN T M E N T S 
H B375 by R ep. Joe H e r nondez has been re tu rn e d to the House In te rg o v e rn ­ m e n ta l A ffa irs C o m m itte e a tte r a m ix up in the com m ittee s in itia l vote on the bill was discovered. 
Hernandez' b ill proposes to g ive San A n to n io C ity 
Council a u th o rity to d ire c t­ ly appoint m e m bers of the 
C liv Public S ervice board. 
U n d e r p r e s e n t a r r o n - dem ents, the c o u n c il has only veto pow er over per son s cho se n b v b o a rd m em bers to re place them 
U T IL IT Y C H A R G E E X ­ 
E M P TIO N 
- HB116o bv 
Rep Don C a rtw rig h t is sit­ tin g in the House C alendars 
C o m m itte e a w a itin g a s ­ signm ent to the 
House floor 
C a rtw rig h t s b ill proposes to exem pt 12 B exar County s c h o o l d is tr ic t s a n d th e 
B e x a r 
C o u n ty 
H o s p ita l 
D is tric t fro m the 11.5 per cent in lieu of tax u tility charge by the C ity of San 
Antonio 
The C a rtw rig h t b ill was am ended in co m m itte e to in c lu d e in the e x e m p tio n towns lying outside B exar 
County served by CPS 
STR EET P A V IN G FU N D 
- HB1995 bv Rep 
F rank 
Teieda has been set fo r a p u b lic h e a r in g A p r il 16 before the House W ays and 
M eans C om m ittee 
Teieda s b ill ca lls fo r a p o rtio n of the sta te h ig h ­ w ay fund be re tu rn e d to 
Texas cities and towns for use in lo c a l s tre e t c o n ­ struction and m aintenance. 

E a s t e r S u n d a y g o - t o - 

 c h u r c h s h o e s f o r g i r l s 

 a n d b o y s b y S t r i d e R i t e 

After they’ve searched out all those delectable Easter goodies well hidden by the Easter Bunny, make sure they have on the right Easter bright fashions for Sun­ day School, including specially made-for-Easter shoes. Top to bottom: Sonja . . . girl’s classic pump with a bit of gold’ around the heel and stitching around vamp. Has a single instep strap, in black or white patent. Sizes 12V2 to 3, 17.5o. Linette . . . girl’s wedge sole T-strap with gold metal trim on T and buckie, in black or white patent leather, sizes 8 l/2-1 2, 
16.oo; 12Vi-3, 18.oo; 5l/2-7, 19.5o. Sprite . . . boys’ dress oxford with sturdy platform soles, stitching on toe, in white patent or black and light brown leather. 
Sizes 
8V2-12. 
18.5o; 12V&-3, 21.oo; 3V4-6. 23.5o. r 
Children's Shoes, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
Park, Austin Highland Mall. Charge it! 

SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Put a little fun, relaxation and pleasure in your life with a great hobby ... 

STAMPS AND COINS 

JOSHES 

A UNIT O f ALUKO STOAKS 

Headquartuisi tor all ot your stam p am i coin collecting u#ttdi» Downtown, Main Floor. 
PHONE 227*4343, EXT 2o2 

 drive here drive there 

 clip this clip that 

 sign here sign there 

 figure this figure that 

 wait here wait there 

 box this box that 

 stand here stand there 

 mark this mark that 

 look here look there 

 play this play that 

 park here park there 

 carry this carry that 

TO SAVE ON 
GROCERIES? 

IF YOU'VE HAD IT 
WITH THE HASSLE... 

Consider switching 

 to 

 where shopping is EASY 

 and prices are LOW! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Morch 27 1977 
Page 
I -C 
Gambling eyed as panacea for tax ills 

SPtCIAl TO THS EXPRESS NEWS 
The United States is on the biggest legalized gam bling binge in its history. strapped for cash to meet budgets, states are plunging headlong into pro­ moting betting as a “ painless” way to raise revenue. 
Officials say gambling has become the biggest growth industry in the country. 
In quick succession, states have launched lotteries; expanded horse, harness and dog racing; introduced jai-alai and a version of the numbers game. 
They are pushing off-track betting. 

 experimenting with sports btdting and exploring casino gambling. 
And that’s only the beginning. Most visible sign of the new Indting fever is the state lottery, whose sales have jumped more than 5o per cent in the past two years. 
Americans currently pour more than a billion dollars a year into lotteries, hoping to hit the jackpot. The lure is irresistibly seductive; 5o cents can make a ticket buyer a millionaire. 
When New York introduced its in­ stant lottery to replace an earlier lot­ tery banned because of gross m ism an­ agement. enthusiasm was unprece- dt‘nted. Lines snaked all (»ver the state 

 as |K*ople bought the $1 tickets. In the first week, more than 18 million were sold. 
There are 13 states now in the lottery business, and tluw keep 45 per cent of the billion dollars invested. That gives them a harvest of $45o million. 
Pari-m utuel betting on horses and dogs is producing alm ost twice as much for m oney-starved state tre a ­ suries. This year, the tax take from the tracks alone will top $H(Mi million. 
StatE' income from these sports has jumped more than 6o per cent in the past IO years 
Determination to draw as much re­ venue as possible from pari-m utuel 

 bettin g has forced a revolution in thoroughbred racing. 
Northern states, such as New York, 
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland and those in New England now have racing year round — even through the blizzards of winter — to raise taxes. 
And Florida, which form erly had th o ro u g h b re d rac in g only in the winter, has added sum m er racing to b(M)st revenue. 
New York’s off-track bi'tting enter­ prise has been successful enough to tempt other states such as Massachu­ setts and California and cities like 
Chicago to canvass the possibilities. 

More than 15o.o(H) New Yorkers bet 

 nearly a billion dollars a year in these parlors. 
The annual tax windfall is more than 
$12o million. This past year New York 
City got $63 million, the state received 
$18 million, communities outside the city took in $1o million, and a further 
$32 million went back into the racing industry. 
Still financially pinched. New York now wants to pipe televised horse rac­ ing into theatE*rs in Manhattan, giving the sport—and tax-raising—a new di­ mension. 
Such a scheme is on the boards iii adjacent Connecticut, which already has a lottery, off-track betting, dog 

 tracks and two jai-alai frontons. 
Legislators believe gam bling can soon net Connecticut more than $1oo million a year. 

New Jersey legalized casino g a m ­ bling. Casinos are being considered now for New York. .Miami and Detroit 

The action so far is a mere prelude t(» the biggest gam bling venture of all; sports betting 
Paul Screvane. head of New Y’ork’s 
oT B , sa id ’ “ The big revenues will come when we get sports l>etting.” 
The first tentative experiment with sfMtrts betting outside l^ s V’<»gas, N<‘v., cairn' recently in Delaware. 

Great Values On Boys’ 
& Student’s 3-pc. Suitsl 

 boys’ printed t-shirts 

V # * . » o ttO 'l 
I k f l . r u • rn 
P 't :*-1 liO f t t i 
A h i l c i 4 
J 
IO U 
SimR u 

.l l - 
, 
‘ t.. 
.' 
P' 
> ut'i. tftfu W d 'ih 3o 19/T \A(t( tijriH o lim .i q y ^ n iiiie s 

>315 Santa Rosa 
>4343 West Commerce 
>238 Military Drive 
>49o2 Fredericksburg 
•7142 San Pedro 
•85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•Our pf*vtTipm>n* *f»! Ifcri* ll you hfVi 9 poet rn your 
P'«%cTip<K>n Pome top rtcttpi «rt will ftipfMj lh# diilertnce' 
• Du* *o91 Se Ad pet ipa. we matcT> ^•i.o*T'ptni*oo tQoe lime *peet*i>' 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday M arch 27 1977 

GERALD R. FORD 

Ford: Pentagon 

LO S A N G E LE S TIMES 

WASHINGTON - The Penta­ gon’s “ inflexibility” was a ma­ jor factor in the Ford Adminis­ tration's failure to achieve an arm s control agreem ent with the Soviet Union last year, form er P resid en t Gerald H. 
Ford said Saturday. 

Ford, acknowledging the Pentagon s cru cia l influence for the firs t tim e, said it is his impression that the De­ fense Departm ent’s opposition to cer­ tain Soviet weapons systems proposals still exist 

This raises the question of whether such opposition could jeopardize Pre­ sident C arter’s current efforts to reach agreement with the Soviet Union on a new strategic arms Lim itation agree­ ment (SALT II). 
A pprised of P resident Ford s re ­ m arks, a W hite House spokesman, noting that before his inauguration 
Carter had met for eight hours w ith the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, said: 
“ They thoroughly hashed over the strategic considerations in the arm s talks and so far ifs my impression we have everyone on the team — including th(> Pentagon ” 
Ford, in a wide-ranging interview with a grouj) of reporters at a break- 

Ford sn it! one factor in the 
Pentagon's influence was the [Possibility o f news leaks 

 fast session here, also dropped his n o npartisan stance and a tta cke d 
Carter on several issues. 
The form er President, well tanned from g o lfin g at his home in P alm 
Springs, Calif., acted as though he al­ ready is running for the Republican n o m ination in 198o. but said he considers himself a private person and his income from w ritin g , television and lectures to be a private m atter. 
Ford was asked about his ow n failure 

 hurt SALT 

 to reach a SALT II agreement after he said th e re was a p o s s ib ility th a t 
Carter’s forceful public statements on human rig h ts m ig h t in te rfe re w ith 
SALT II negotiations. 
“ Since you followed a less provoca­ tive policy on human rights, why didn t you get a SALT agreem ent?” a re ­ porter asked. 
Ford replied that the Pentagon’s in­ fle x ib ility had been a factor and ex­ plained, “ You have to get everybody on your team to agree.” 
Pressed as to why he. as President and C om m ander in C hief, had not overcom e the P entagon in flu e nce . 
Ford said. “ Because people would run ab over town leaking this and leaking 

 that.” 
He declined to discuss the m atter further, saying he did not want to say anything that m ight jeopardize current negotiations. But he seemed to have been im plying that he believed hard­ line advocates of weapons superiority in the Pentagon would have made such an agreement impossible by leaking details of the proposals to the press or their political allies. 
In answer to a question. Ford said form er C alifornia Gov. Ronald Rea­ gan’s hardline approach to the SALT talks during his campaign for the Re­ publican presidential nomination had no impact on th** outcome of the SALT negotiations.______________________ 

 dial 

YTRY DRY 
VMI tVtspraM 

Stylish shirts for young men 

Short sleeve, 5o/5o, poly-cotton knit Rug­ by shirts. Assorted stripes. White collars 
& plackets. S-M-L-XL 

WRINKLE FREE! 

SHRINK RESISTANT! 

PUCKER FREE! 

FADES GREAT! 

TEAR RESISTANT! 

HOLDS A CREASE! 

SOFT 

These revolutionary new jean^ are un 

 you nave ever worn — they look beth 

 tim e you wash them ' Am j they n e e ' 

 w rinkle, or pucker — alw ays look trim 

 in' C om e to where the m agic is 

W hite with contrast trim collar or solid colors ot blue, red, tan, yellow or green. 
5o/5o, poly-cotton in short sleeve style. 
S-M-L-XL. 

MissClairoI 

 rtfl 1.26 

Vaseline Intensive 
Care lotion 

■ rtf. 11o 

Miss Clairol formula 

Ayds reducing candy 

Dial Very Dry antiperspirant 

Tek toothbrushes 
Ban Basic deodorant 
Modess 
Buffers tablets 
KeyuUr herhal/protetled 
A I iii, iji t h e * * (A m il* ‘-d 'd W # !, chocolate tudyv chocolate mint 
'uiiyu and biillarvcotch lodge 
I v» Ib 

•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 W est Com m erce 
7142 San Pedro 
85o5 Broadway 
238 Military Drive 
49o2 Fredericksburg 
* 

ASSURANCE THAT 
I 

•Our prasenpuonsaf* tow priced' It you tind a tower price briny to prescription bottle and receipt me will refund the difference j 
• During the ad period weTTTarch all competition son** t»me spe* 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

Day lost to rain in treasure search 

N O R M A N SCOTT tells reporters of rain d elay at Victorio Peak 

W H IT E 
SANDS 
M ISSILE RANGE, N M. 
(A P) 
— 
Treasure hunters facing a Monday deadline were rained out 
Saturday in their search for a cache of gold bars and coins that legend says is buried on Victorio 
Peak. 
Norman Scott, pre­ sident of the treasure- hunting firm conducting the hunt, and the Army agreed to abandon the search for the day after they arrived at their m ilitary base camp seven miles from the 

 peak. 
Searchers said they hoped the rain would subside by Sunday so they could resume efforts to excavate a 
153-foot-deep shaft at the top of the mountain. 

S h a ft 
The hunters have been laboring two men at a time in the shaft, dug straight down into dirt and rocks. Leaders of the expedition said they were digging through about 3ft feet of dirt and rubble at the bottom of the shaft in 

 hopes of reaching a cave. 
There's some disa­ greement among those seeking the treasure as to its source. Some say it was put in the cave by the 
Apache chief, Victorio, who stole it from the 
Spanish. Others claim 
Padre Felipe LaRue, a missionary, had it hidden so he would not have to turn it over to the church. 
Milton “ Doc” Noss claimed to have found the cache of gold bullion, coins and artifacts in a cavern in 1937 after going deep into Victorio Peak. 

His family said he removed some of the heavy gold bars, but the way to the treasure was blocked in a dynamite accident in 1939. 
B a r s 
The bars that Noss reportedly removed from the cave were supposed to have been stashed in hiding places in the area 
None have been found. 
He was shot to death in 
1949 in a dispute with a partner in the gold ven­ ture, but his family has continued to press their 

 claims. 
His widow. 8ft-year-old 
Ova Noss, bristled at the suggestion her late hus­ band might not have really found gold in the mountain. 
She stood at the base of the rocky mountain last weekend, and pointing up its steep sides, described how Noss and his family hauled heavy timbers hundreds of feet to shore up a shaft in the top of the peak. 
“ A man who didn’t find it wouldn’t work himself half to death carrying 

 timbers,” she said. 
The Army took over the area in 1955 for a gunnery and bombing range and barred outsiders. But this month, the Army agreed to allow a 1o-day search on the missile range because all the recognized claimants agreed to a search by 
Expeditions Unlimited, 
Inc., of Pompano Beach, 
Fla. 
Mrs. Noss, who lives in 
Clovis, N.M., is not represented by the firm, but she and her family have been going to the 

 site since the start of the search last weekend. 
Her attorney. David 
Daar, said that “ when­ ever and wherever” gold is found around Victorio 
Peak, Mrs. Noss claims it. 
And when searchers for the first time entered the shaft at the top of the peak 
Thursday, she smiled. 
‘‘I ’ve always said that if they want to get to the treasure they should use the same route Doc Noss used.” she said. 
LOBE 
Bright Bargains On 
Misses’ Jeans 

 junior sun dresses 

 f o r in * d a v e a 'w a d , s e le c t a s j n o r e s * i- l o o 
D o iy -C O tto n b le e d s 
S ty le s to 
H i"u se tr <• 
„ . 

 a s s o r t m e n t o f p r in t s a n d p a t t e r n s 
/ V e e ' a '-jn e o r d y er 

Over a n ifty T btl.ft A 
,urnOf S./et) 5 13 

Cool sun shifts for the hot summer days ahead! 
/ 

 r/ 

 rf 

/ [ J * A * 

I t M 
. ” 

 f r f v Vt 

I 

I* 
< 

T 

- 
. J 

 i 

•Esa 

X X 

X I 

A A ' 
X X 

 u 

 vs 

 reg. 9.97 

 s S S 

- IN S 

/ I 

. X ■ 
X 

X' 

V i 

7 

 t-—— J 
I----+ 

 jTV*' 

 sN 

 x x 

/ 

 misses’ pre-washed denim jeans 

Fashion jeans of 1oo% cotton 

 denim. In three great styles. All with zipper fly fronts, orange 

 stitching and belt loops. In navy only. Sizes 8-16 y 

X 
Vr 

BankAmericaro 
XJ 

" clutch handbags 

 f 
I 

IK 

.Y — 

 reg. 2 27 3.47 

 contemporary bras A bikinis 

 b o tt . k o a n e bb m . (Jed c o p b lo k 

P fo n t o h o b o c k flo w * * ' 1* S tre tc h i d e s 
C iao ce «no sheer cups 

M u lc h in g b ik in i* 
C o m p le te M ilk 

A t i l t * , b w g e end f r e n c h node tn si/ek U AO A U G SM C 

2 

97 

 reg. 3.77 4.27 

 undenAfire bras 

 beater:.*** monied «ndetAiiie c u p br«k *nn front nook cloine I yen 

 b p * n a » , k iO e k HS O p a q u e k n o k t i* * ' cup* 

 t> .'cb 32 ie UCO 

 w 

$496 

 ladies' sun shifts 

 b p tto g ik b e te S t e e y e ie s * v o n s h ift s in A a n d s .A n e t , o t n e * kpr n j 

 ktyiek Sun o *c» sttup shoo oefk aho in#ny Omer popu'Af ktyes 
A ssoiled embroideries APPtlQue And ne 'UC O' kelt trims Peim * 

 n *n t press poly co tton blends 
Easy cure m achine w ash ed t* 

A s s o rte d k b ' ng fa sh io n C c 'c 'k b M C, IO 18. 3b AA 

96 contemporary novelty hip huggers & bikinis 

Out premium nneot it,gemt cotton 

•m ea d o t e * b ik in i* ck ieee tu r n h ip 

 ttu g g e tk 
P u n t s e n d s o t. O s 
W h ite 

A n a fa s h io n c o lo r k S ‘.'e » S J 

IM 

2 *3 tm H W S jr e g 1 97 2.27 ladies’ fashion bras 

 a o d e * fib e r fin e o b e e m tree tric o t 

 c u p Ck Ak In A p o p u l i k ty ie k tV ti.m 

S u e s 32 ie A BC 

Choose from an assortment of clutch handbags. Included are viny! (tan, bone, white and black), patent (white and black) and canvas with vinyl trim (natu­ ral, linen, navy and black). 

$ "J 68 

 ladies’ panty girdles 
& control briefs 

A s s o r te d m e d iu m to 11gut 
* « i g n t control brier* end purity glides 

 b p o p u lar k ty ie k 
A k k o r te d c o n tro l 

 pA ^ et k t y ie k 
I y et# b P A n a e » A n d nyt©n W h ite S M I K l 

VA 
2 $5 tm HW teg 3 33 

 ladies’ nylon sleepwear 

 l o n g g o w n * * e it ; g o w n * * n d b e b y 

 d o n e in too*, n y lo n tric o t e n d ny 

 io n e m b r o id e r e d k e t m W id e *#'*< 

 tio n Of t t y le k A n d le c e - e m o r o n j try tru n k Akkorted raison paste » 

 b M t AL 

M W A * 

 s8 ' 
98 reg 14 97 

 print 

 polyester hostesswear 

UXJ •. polyester doub ts *n t Or -t 

 e o c a t t a n * k w b u * k A id t'u A tk n 
Akkorted prints And COW* P *ii« I tor #nteHAinmg e.en.ng * * e r Ar d 
#t Horn# wee' As* flea p 'its i 
*•.’«* SMI 

(A> ' i 
^ 

 i j 

* '] 

66' 

 ladies' pnnt bikinis 

 r O J O t i C o p y r ig h t O io b e S to re s m c 
P ric e s « t te c ti» e t t» r u M e r e * JO 
W e re k e m e m e n g m iu im ih i q u a t. i i tie s 

*GLOBE 
•315 Santa Rosa 
•4343 West Commerce 
•238 Military Drive 
•49o2 Fredericksburg 
'7142 San Pedro 
*85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•Out prescriptions ar* tow priced1 lf y o u find a lower pf ice bring in your pfescoption bottle Arid receipt we writ refund the difference' 

• D u o n g i f f * Ad p e o o d w e m a i c h A lf c o m p e t i t i o n s o ne t i m e specials* 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
W ill pyram id people prefer pendulum? 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
NEW YORK - Will the faith­ ful gathered at the pyramid swing with the pendulum? 
In tho fast-paced marketplace of the occult, with its appetite for trends, the latest hid comes in a paperback called 
“ Pendulum Power.” 
It offers the pendulum as an in­ strument to solve sex problems, diag­ nose illnesses, prescribe vitam ins, locate cavities, answer career ques­ tions and tell what colors sooth you most. 
In the sweep of mystic powers the authors ascribe to the pendulum, the book is reminiscent of similar occult properties attributed to the pyramid in 

 a recent book by the same publisher 
(and one of the same authors) called 
“ Pyramid Power.” 
The pendulum is not the kind on the grandfather clock, but more free- swinging — a weight on a thread, for example. Such a pendulum will release secrets of the brain and. by electrical impulse, point to the solution. 
Radiation 

The scientific name that pen- dulumists give the practice is radiesthesia or radiation physics. The judgment of the scientific establish­ ment is that it’s utter nonsense. 
But that hasn’t deterred the coauthor of the new book, who says the opinions 

 of doctors, dentists and scientists are not surprising. 
“ I can understand very well why they would be against it.” says Joseph 
Polansky. who describes himself as a professional astrologer, researcher and writer. “ It undercuts all the ax­ ioms on which they have built their lives.” 
"Pyram id Power” has sold more than JOO.OOO copies in paperback so far and is being translated into seven lan­ guages, says Ehut Sperling of Destiny 
Books, which published both. "P e n ­ dulum Power," published last month, has a 1oo.ooo first printing and is doing well, he says. And for those who don't want to make their own, the firm soon will start selling pendulums, too. 

The book tells the history of the pendulum, how to build and use it, how pendulum power "can change the shape and future of our entire civiliza­ tion,” and, more immediately, how it can help the individual: 
“ When put into practice in daily life, pendulum power can provide accurate and spontaneous information which can lead to happier, healthier and more wholesome living." 
The building is simple. Take black silk thread — "black vibrates a less disturbing wave than do the rainbow colors” — and attach a button, wed­ ding ring. wooden dowel or any such everyday item. 
To learn to use it. draw vertical and horizontal arrows and clockwise and 

 counterclockwise circles on a piece of paper. Begin by holding the pendulum over the vertical arrow. 
"Now look at the pendulum and, with the power of your mind, will the pendulum to move up and down in the same direction as the arrow 
Do not move it with your fingers or hand. Use only the power of your mind and will. 
“ Nine out of ten times the pendulum will obey,” say the authors. Then you simply do the same thing with the horizontal line and the two circles. 
Now comes the hard part. 
It takes a year to a year and a half of daily practice — five minutes a day is recommended — to learn to use the pendulum to solve problems. But the rewards listed are lavish and many. 

H y p n o tic o r m e re ly f a s ­ c in a tin g , the p e n d u lu m ’s sw ing is gain ing follow ers 
GLOBE 
Young Easter FASHIONS! 

MISSES’ 
FASHION 
PANT SUITS 

1 6 88 m I # reg. 19.97 boys’ 3-pc. vested suits 

Poly knit suits with fully lined jacket and vest. 
1/2 boxer with zipper pants. In sizes 4-7. Sizes 
2-4, reg. 15.97, now.. 13.88. 

New!! Spring fashion in pant suits! Choose from our large se­ lection. Made of 1oo%, machine washable polyester. Large as­ sortment of the latest spring 
‘fashion’ styles. Solids, stripes and patterns. All colored keyed for spring in the south. 2-pc. sets in sizes 8-18. 

 reg. 7.97 

 girls’ dresses 

Polyester-cotton girls’ 

 dresses. Four styles to choose from. In girls’ sizes 7-12. 

 girls’ dresses 

Polyester knit & woven polyester & cotton girls’ dresses. Blue, pink, mint and peach. Sizes 4-6X. 

*1 
■ ** i l l all-in-one panty hose 

Panty he ie and panty ,n on# poi ton c ro tch —choice ot whit#, p m , and beige panty with tan arm beige hows bim 5>M MIO A 
MtD'L&t 

JOJO 11. Copyright! G lobe S to w e . Int Pf ic e , e'tectnre thru M atch JO 1 9// We reeerve the'>9^1 to limit ou«ntitie& 

*GLOBE 

►315 Santa Rosa 
►4343 West Commerce 
>238 Military Drive 
*49o2 Fredericksburg 
>7142 San Pedro 
>85o5 Broadway 

ASSURANCE THAT 

•Out p fic«H}‘ ll you find * low er p u c e , b»mQ th you' 

 preA cn p u o n D ot!1* 
'Rceipn we wiilretjjnd 
(J.tfe ie n ce 1 

• D u o n g itu* ad p e rio d we m a te !' ail •.a m b i t i o n ^ o n e urn? special^', 

C A R O L J O H A N N IN G S M E IE R , 13, sm ile s w ith ra in so a k e d g la sse s 

There are some feelings lor which there are no words 

Owning a Clary Pool is one of them 

S IN W U A / l) Al is UA Si I I'M J A s 
11 I A I 14»iy> 41o, Sun Antonio I t‘\us 
341-3331 

 a i n c a n 
’ t s t o p t h e m 

Cystic Fibrosis Bike-a Then participants ucrc like mailmen Saturday — the rain didn't stop them. 

Bikers registered mileage as scheduled at the 
Northeast Preserve (M cA lliste r P a rk ) and S a ­ muel Clemens High School in Schertz. 

And because of a now rule this year, hikers were credited with fives m iles for each m ile pedaled in the rain. Mrs. Ronald Link. Bike a 
Thon chairwoman said 

Riders will collect money from sponsors to go to the Lone Star Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis 
Foundation, Mrs. Fink said. 

 lop money collectors will be awarded prizes, such as a IO speed bike, saxings bond', plane ride and other awards. 

W E S F IA L K O W S K E , left, a n d G e ra ld W a d e p e d al a lo n g a w e t M c A lliste r P ark ro a d d u rin g Cystic Fibrosis B ik e - a-T hon 

LADIES 2-INITIAL 
DIAMOND RING 

Sugg Ret $159 95 

 n o w 
1 
2 
9 
9 5 

LADIES' DIAMOND 
INITIAL PENDANT 

Sugg Ret $99 95 

 n o w 
5 
9 
9 5 

LADIES DIAMOND 
INITIAL HEART PENDANT 

Sugg. Ret. $1o9 95 

NOW 
6 
9 
9 5 

LADIES' DIAMOND 
INITIAL RING 

Sugg Ret $129 95 

* 
o 
* 
8 
2 
9 5 

..... 
Ktnff p iu t t o s by l*jit E la m ilto ii 

K A TH Y DERTUNGFR, righty 16, an d B ren da Pfeil, 14, p e d al through pork 

X x V Z - 

Your Initials In Diamonds! 

()//> t/ecclalch tov atwain a rat faith 

Ic taw/ ifctt at ne exha chaine 

»rn *** 

2 
5 
% o f f selected occasional and accent furniture. 

A variety of furniture piece* as useful as they are decorative. Choose one of these conversation pieces now, and save. 

* *, 

 from the Saratoga Trunk collection. 

 r n s n o w 

$2oo 
S149 
S.'bb 
SI 98. 
$2o5 
SI 98 
SJb‘J 
S2U9. 

NOW 
$229, 
SIGO 
•••■;> bt 
S i 79 
■:.m 
$249 

SJJb 
S288 

Accent furniture by Riverside. 

 i. 
M onk's bench , , 

I 
W i n e i j f e 
......................... k. Gossip bench . . . 

I . 
M inot 
............................... 

 rn, Console 
........... 

A* o-A , 
. A installment Plans £ xtendea Credit 
Mar tonal Credit cards Diner's club 
Carte Blanche American express 
MasrerChar ge Bank au h ritard 

 iVas 
NOW 
SJJb 
$251. 
$359 
S2G9 
SISO 
S H I . 
SHO 
S 89. 
SJJb 
S2bI. 

Furniture Co. 

NORTHSIDE • Rector st opposite N. star Mall 
Own Mon & mars 'tn 9 Phone 547-9411 

G ER A LD W A D E p a u se s to catch his breath 

 todies Diomond Initial 
Dangling on Ring 

Sugg Ret. $125 OO 

Lodies Diamond Initial 
Dangling on Ring 

Sugg Ret $119 OO 

75oo 
NOW 
7 
9 
“ jQ L O ejfX d tS d tn 

MEN S DIAMOND 
INITIAL RING 

Sugg Ret $2o9 95 

 m o 
* 
1 
5 
9 
9 5 

MEN S DIAMOND 

Single Initial Ring 

S u g g .Ret $149 OO 

NO W 
I 
o 
5 
° 
° 

Just Say “Charge It!" 
THREE CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

NORTHSIDE 
3111 Nacogdoches Rd. 
656-1543 

NORTHSIDE 
Wonderland Mall 
732-9621 

SOUTHSIDE 
Sears Plaza Southside 
923 43o1 

Poge 
2-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
Carter environmental aide lambasts water projects 

W A S H IN G T O N (A P ) 
— The new chairman of 
President Carter’s Coun­ cil on E n viro n m e n tal 
Quality sharply attacked many politically popular water projects Saturday a s “ blatant boondog­ g le s” that sub sid ize private interests at pub­ lic expense. 
The Carter a d m in is­ tration is review ing hundreds of water 

GLASS TINTING 

For H o m e & C o r A t 
S Q L A R - X 
CALL 349 -646 9 

 projects, aiming to knock out of the budget those which, it has said, pose serious economic, envir­ onmental or safety prob­ lems. 
Addressing the Nation­ al W ildlife Federation. 
Council ch airm an 
Charles Warren added a fourth kind of blackball: 
“ Those projects which would unduly benefit large w aterusers from the public purse." 
C arter rem oved 
19 projects from his proposed fiscal 1978 bud­ get and has listed 32 that he thinks should not be built unless further review changes his mind. 
Project - ny - project. 

Warren ran down a list of costly federal construc­ tion efforts which he said should be halted, includ­ ing the big 
Central 
Arizona Project in the home state of Hep. M or­ ris Udall, new chairman of the influential House 
Interior Committee. 
Then, as U dall, the next speaker, sat by and listened, Warren depart­ ed from his prepared text for another shot, noting that new water projects 
“ such as the Central 
Arizona Project” offer no early help to the W est’s droughts or floods. 
U dall, in his own speech, offered no further defense of one 

 part of the project, the 
Ormc Dam, but said "we still need the 
Central 
Arizona Project, with or without it." 
Praise 
Despite this d isa ­ greement, Udall warmly praised Carter and said the water project review in general “ is a good idea, and necessary." 
On other issues, Udall drew applause by pro m ising passage 
"within the next BO days" of a law to limit environ­ mental dam age from strip m ining, and by urging renewed efforts for a national land-use planning program. 

W arren’s environm en­ tal council has no direct power over federal program s, but advises the President and has been deeply involved in preparations for Carter's upcoming environmental message to Congress. 
H is attack on som e water projects, on the heels of a more general defense of the C arter project-review earlier in the day by 
In te rio r 
Secretary Cecil I). A n ­ drus, appeared to signal that the adm inistration was digging in for a fight to get some of the mul- timillion-dollar projects canceled despite co n­ gressional resistance. 

 ta 

 r n 

' / 
SAVE MORE MONEY WITH 
THESE SUPER SPECIALS 

"t a c h o* th e se ad v e rtise d item s is required to be readily ava ilable tor sa le at or below the ad v e rtise d price in e a c h store, e r r ept e s sp e cifica lly noted in this ad " 

Happy birthday! 

S H E 'S one year shy of 
I OOI 
But 
M rs. 
Alice 
T a y lo r ’s e x u b e ra n t smile proved Saturday she w asn ’t shy at all on her 
99th birthday as 

Mrs. 
M aym 
P resented her with a loppy Birth day rose- decorated cake. 
Mrs. 
T a y lo r's other three children are Mrs. G race 
Taylor Parker, Mrs. 
L. 
Vernice 
W a rn e r and 
Charles Taylor. She has 
IO grandchildren, 
28 

 great 
- grandchildren, and three great-greot- grandchildren. 

 ugh e T. W ilson her with 

T v , 
P A T IO 

Putts good in Sen Antonio and Universal City thru Morch 3o, 1977. 

We reserve the right to limit quantities None told to dealers. 

WATER ADDEO, WHOLE 
6-8 LB. AVG. 

■’ti 

PIGGLY WIGGLY 
ASSORTED FLAVORS 
CANNED 
LB. 

 jt. 

CRY O VAC. WHOLE 
PACKER TRIM 
BEEF 
BRISKET 

TEXASWEET 

LB. 

RUBY RED I 
GRAPEFRUIT 
16 i i i 

ALL VARIETIES, FROZEN 
PATIO 
DINNERS 

 i o n 
^ 
Cans 
■ 

KA T A RIA 
G A R M A N Y 

VALUABLE COUPON WORTH *2 OO 

9o* t » e ?*»| 
U f* w it * $ t’ t l 

 set or I s x i x o p lAte s 

. 
S7 99 

 in the p e ffe in ct y e w ' ( ho«<« 

COUPON GOOD I KRU 
4 7/7 

DETERGENT 
Tide 
■ I W W 
49-OZ. BOX 

PIGGLY WIGGLY, SWEETMILK OR BUTTERMILK, 
CANNED 
BISCUITS 

8-OZ. CAN < 
5 * 

LIMIT ONE ( I) WITH $7.5o PURCHASE OR MORE 
EXCLUDING BEER. WINE AND CIGARETTES. 
LIMIT FOUR (4) WITH $7.5o OR MORE PURCHASE EXCLUDING BEER, 
WINE ANO CIGARETTES. 

J 

McCall's Cookbooks 
On Sale Today! 
ON SALE THIS WEEK; 
Volume 1o 
"Coast to Coast" 
Es. 99° 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 3o* 

When you buy One (I) I -lb. Cen, 2-lb. Con or One 

(I) 1o-OI. jar Instant 

Folger’s Coffee 

With tint coupon 
Coupon eiptrts Apnl 2, 1977 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 3o* 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25* 

When you buy One (I) S lb. Bog of 

All Purpose 

Gold Medal Flour 

With not coupon 
Coupon expires Apnl 2, 1977 

When you buy One (I) 28 ox, Con Drink Mix 

Assorted flavors 

Hawaiian Punch 

Wrth this coupon 
Coupon expires Apnl 2, 1977 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 25* 

When you buy Four (4) 6-oi. Pkgs. of 

VALUABLE COUPON 

Bisquick Biscuit Mix 

With this coupon 
Coupon expires Apnl 2, 1977 

SAVE 5o* 

When you buy One (1) 25 lb. Bag of 

Beef-Boxon-Cheese Flavor 

VALUABLE COUPON 

Purina Chow 

With this coupon 
Coupon expiree Apnl 2, 1977 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE IO* 

When you buy One (I) 2o-oi. Pkg. of Pet Biti, froien 

 r n 

Fruit Pies 

With this coupon 
Coupon expires Apnl 2. 1977 

SAVE 25* 

When you buy One (I) 3o Ct. Box of Glod 

Garbage Bags 

With UMI coupon 
Coupon expires Apnl 2, 1977 
ZjMwxum 

VALUABLE COUPON 

SAVE 15* 

When you buy One (I) 4-lb. Bug 

Purina Dry Cat Chow 

With this coupon 
Coupon expires April 2. 1977 

Death Notices 

IQI—Deaths 

BAUMGARTNER 
CWO-4 O. R. B a um g artner. USA 
(R et ), age 75, of SIS W Lynwood, dted Wednesday. M arch 23. m r 
Me received a B S. Degree from the U n iv e rs ity of W isco n sin , o 
B A 
D e g re e fro m 
T r in ity 
U n iversity a fte r re tirin g from re g u la r A rm y. S u rvivo rs 
W ife. 
M rs . C a ro ly n B a u m g a rtn e r ; b ro th e rs. O rla n d B a u m g a rtn e r. 
D e n v e r. C ol 
A lb e r t 
B o u rn o n rtn e r, M o n te v a llo . A la ; sis te r in la w , 
M rs 
L o u is e 
B a u m g a rtn e r , W rig h ts to w n , 
Wise .; step-daughter and son-ln- low, Or and M rs A lbert C elavo; 
4 g ra n d ch ild re n G rave side s e r­ v ic e w ith fu ll m ilita r y h o n o rs 
Monday ot I IS ot Ft Sam Moos ton National Cem etery, Chaplain 
F o u l F . G a rrity o ffic ia tin g A r rongem ents with 

( W L o f i m j 

 h o i M cC u l l o u g h J J T t u t 

BLAIR 
M a l 
M a rry W yeth B la ir , USA 
(R et.), age AO, of I t * E Grayson, died T h u rsd a y. M a rc h 74, t *77. 
S u rv iv o rs : Sons. R o b e rt B la ir, 
G e rm a n y , S co tt B la ir. D o ilo s . 
Tex ; 3 g ra n d c h ild re n ; b ro th e r. 
E lm e r B la ir, A rka n sa s. G ra v e ­ side s e rv ic e w ith fu ll m ilita r y honors M onday at * o'clock at FI. 
Som Houston National C em etery, 
Chaplain Pout F G a rrity o ffic ia t­ ing A rrangem ents w ith 

 ta r te r L o rin g 
1 1o1 McCull o u g h 227 « m i 

B YR N E 
H ubert T. B vrne. 75, 747o M cCul lough Ave., fo rm e rly of Boston, 
M ass., died M a r 2*. 1*77 
S u r­ v iv o rs 
W ife , M rs . H u b e rt T. 
(A n n e ) B y rn e ; d a u g h te r, M rs. 
C h a rle s (A u d re v io n e ) C a s tro . 
Jr , San Antonio; son, H ubert T 
B yrn e . J r., C a lifo rn ia ; 3 g ra n d ­ children Services 3 JO o rn M on­ d a y . Z tZ lK K E A R N S C h a p e l. 
Rev. E m il W esselsky, officia tin g in te rm e n t South R yegate Cemc te ry . V e rm o n t F a m ily suggests m e m o ria ls to c h a r ity o f y o u r choice. A rrangem ents bv 
Z m k -K e .irm frowning M, ( tvigh»»i v 
I 377 N Si M ary's 
377 77oo 

T il—Deaths 

FELA N 
R a ym o n d U 
F e lo n , 24, a f SJO 
Queretoro died M arch 24,1977 Me is s u rv iv e d bv his w ife , G lo ria 
Felon, parents, brothers, sisters, and other re la tive s. R o sary w ill be recited tonight at 7 p rn. at the 
T re v in o F u n e ra l H o m e a n d a 
Requiem Mass w ill be on M onday at 12 : 3o p m at SI T im othy C ath­ olic C h urch 
B u ria l a t F t. Sam 
H o u s to n N a tio n a l C e m e te ry un.V r the direction of 

TR EVINO F U N E R A L HOME 
224 Cupples Road 
434-o5*5 

G R E E N 
M r 
P e te r (P e te ) Ed w a rd C h a rle s G re e n , 
4*. o f 4oo2 A lm a D r., died M a rc h 24 in San 
Antonio. L ife tim e resident of San 
Antonio, m em b er St. John L u th ­ eran Church and m em ber Anchor 
Masonic Lodge No. 424 AFRAM . 
S urvivors Wife. M rs. G eorgic D. 
Green of San A ntonio; sons. M r. 
Bobby G reen of S e guin , T exa s and M r George Green of San An­ tonio; brother, M r Leroy Green of San A n tonio; sisters. M rs. C i­ vie Green P yka and M rs. Cecilia 
M a rg o ie w iti. both of Son A nton­ io; tour granddaughters and two g re a t g randso ns. S e rvice s I OO p m Monday. M arch 28th ot Roy 
Akers F uneral Chapels w ith Rev. 
D r. Roald B ra u lic k A Rev N o r­ m an A lbertso n o ffic ia n ts . In te r­ ment San Jose B u ria l P a rk under the auspices of A nchor M asonic 
Lodge No 424 A F A A M 

515 N o M a in 
2 2 6 72o1 

CANTRELL 
Fronces M ille r Centred of Lave r mo. Texas, passed aw ay T h u rs ­ day M arch 24. 1*77 at the age of 71 years She was born in W axoho chie, Texas, July 21. 1*o5 She wos a re tire d school teacher, having taughl 39' j years, w ith tS’ i yeors in East C entral School D is! She w a s a m e m b e r o f L a v e rn io 
C h a p te r 4JA. O I S., L a v e rn io , 
Texas She is su rvive d by a sis­ ter in low , M rs. Juon ito G rubbs, nephew. G a rry W illia m Shank, both of L a v e rn io . cousin, M rs 
W illiam 
B arclay, W oxachochie, 
Tex ; 2 steo c h ild re n . 
S e rvices w ill be h e ld in th e O e llc re s t 
Chapel S aturday M arch 24. 1977 at I a rn 
M rs C a n tre ll w ill be token to Rudolph Snider Fun era l 
Home in W axahachie to r g ra ve side and in te rm e n t s e rv ic e s in 
W axahachie C em etery at J p m 
Sunday M arch 27. A rrangem ents w ith 

 f i r l l r r r s t 
7ooo So W W W hile Rd 
337 4o87 

CER DA 
Rogelio E. Cerdo. age 44 years, residence JS47 W W oodlawn Ave , passed away M arch 74. 1977. Sur vlv o rs 
W ife, M a rin a R C e rd o ; son. Rogelio R C erda, dau ghte r. 
Cynthia Cerda, m other. Julia E 
C e rd a , b r o th e r s , C re c e n c io . 
Severo, J r.. E d m un do. A lb e rto . and Judo C erda, sisters. B eatrice 
N ino M in e rv a D ia l. N in fa Ro 
B r iq u e t; o th e r r e la t iv e s a n d frie n d s . R o sa ry w ill be re c ite d 
Sundov 8 OO p m at O rtlt M or tu a ry . F u n e ra l s e rv ic e d e p o rts 
Monday 8 JO a rn . Muss at Holy 
R o sary C h urch 8 45 a rn. In te r­ m ent in Ft Sam Houston N ational 
Cem etery A rrangem ents by 

O RTIZ M O R TU A R Y , INC 
3114 Culebra Rd. 
432 o*87 

G R IF F IT H 
M rs. H o tel G G riffith . 81. of 3*o2 
M eadow rldge St. died M a rch 25. 
Resident of San Antonio 43 years end m em ber of the F irs t Assem b l* of God C h u rch . S u rv iv o rs : 
D aughter. M rs. C orinne B illin g s ­ ley of San Antonio; sons, L ave rn 
CoveHe. H a rvey G riffith , both of 
San Antonio and Rev. A. R G rif­ fith of Ft. W orth, Texas, ♦ grand 
C hildren, 4 gre a t g ra n d c h ild re n 
S e rv ic e s 2 : OO p .rn 
M o n d a y , 
M arch 78 in Roy A ke rs F u n e ra l 
C hapel w ith Rev. D ay R o bison o ffic ia n t In te rm e n t C hapel H ill 
M em orial Garden. 

515 N o M a in 
2 2 6 72oJ 

H i - Funeral Directors 

KING 
Mrs. M arg uerite M arie K ing. 57, of 722 Borchester O r., died M arch 
25, 1*77 Resident of San Antonio 
17 years. S u rv iv o rs : D a u g h te r, 
M rs. Roy (H olly A nn) B oatm an, 
Son A n to n io ; s is te r, M rs. B e tty 
B u rke , K o kom o , In d ; b ro th e r. 
Charles Lewis. D over, Ohio. Ser­ vices I - 3o a rn. M onday. M a rch 
78, Sunset F u n e ra l H om e In te r­ m ent Ft Som Houston N a tional 
C e m e te ry, lf frie n d s so d e s ire contributions m ay be m a d * to th * 
A m e ric a n 
C a n c e r 
S o c ie ty . 
P allbearers: John D. D ib re ll. H. 
F 
M a u re r. Joseph T. D ro g o s. 
W illia m 
O 
St 
J o h n . 
F e lix 
Stealing, w illia m J H tltabrant. 
SUNSETS! 
17o1 Austin Hwy 826 2811 

L U N A 
M r Pout H Luna of 81o D ivision 
Ave entered into rest M arch 24. 
1*77 ot the age of 74 years S ur­ v iv o rs 
W ife. M rs 
M o n u e lo C 
Lun a; stepdaug hte rs. M rs Jose 
(Leonor) Rios of E rie , M ich , and 
M rs C lyde (T e re s a ) L o p e r, of 
P um berville, Ohio, bro th e r, M or tin L u n a and s te p b ro th e r. S a l­ vado r K e rn o n d e r; s is te r, C ru i 
Peroies. 9 gra n d ch ild re n and 24 great-g ra n d ch ild re n . R osory ser­ vice w ill be held Sunday at 7 3o p m a t P a lm H e ig h ts C h a p e l. 
F u n e ra l S e rv ic e s w ill d e p a rt 
P a lm H e ig h ts M o n d a y a t * 3o a rn followed by F un era l Moss at 
IO OO a rn of St Leo s C a tho lic 
Church. In te rm e n t w ill follow at 
San F e rn a n d o C e m e te ry Na. 2 
Arrangem ents w ith Palm Heights 
M ortuary. 

P a lm J fr ig tttB 

3711 So Z a rto m o ro 
*o24 4548 

M. E f OOHKMXZ fUNCRAlHOME 

Pre-Need Arrangements 
S11 Guodokipe Si. 

2 2 6 - 6 ] 1 1 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

& o u tti£ lb e 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FIORES 
9 2 3 - 6 3 3 9 

 john M Grimes, Director I 

H r a ok th i i I 

711 S E 
M ilita ry 
*23 7523 

(D a k f i l l a 
8o54 F re d e ricksb u rg 4*4 7111 

 f l r l i r r t f t t 
2ooo S W W W hite 
337 4o82 

Ila I rn f r i g h t s 

3711 So Z a rro m o rg *74 4548 

 tJSfe moptuai^ iNc3» r 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riche Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 N. Si Mary's 

Funeral Home for those who care, whatever their faith 
SUNSET 
F u n e ra l H o m e 
17o1 Austin Highway 
828-2811 

•am it 

IH I W A R M IH O I 
Pl PSON A l A1 U N IIO N . 

P o r t e r Lo r in g 
M o r n IART 

K l—Deaths 

L IT T L E 
M rs. N ino L ittle , gge 84. of 43t 
F orrest H ill, passed aw ay F rid a y, 
M a rch 25, 1*77. M em b er N o rth- side B a p tist C hurch. S u rv iv o rs : 
D aughter, Hebo H ell D enning of 
Son Antonio; son, Lofton S L ittle of Son A ntonio; 4 g ra n d ch ild re n a n d 
S g r e a t- g r a n d c h ild r e n . 
G ra ve sid e S ervices w ill be con­ d u cte d a t M issio n B u ria l P o rk 
North, on IH 35. M onday at 7 OO p m. w ith M rs. L ittle '* G randson, 
Sidney Law re nce o ffic ia tin g . A r­ rangem ents by 

MISSION I’ XKK- 
FUNERAL C H A F flS ’ 
I 7oo S I M ilita ry Of 

191—Deaths 

(ti 

MCCONNELL 
Col. R ichard J. McConnell, o g* 4J, af Son Antonio, stationed th# lost 7 m o n th s 
In 
G e rm a n y , 
748th 
M edical Detachm ent (D .S .), died 
M onday, M arch 21, 1*77, in G er­ m a n y . S u rv iv o rs : W ife , M rs . 
S h irle y A nn M c C o n n e ll; sons, 
James C lark McConnell, Denton. 
Tx , R ic h a rd K e n t M c C o n n e ll, 
Thom as G erald M cConnell, both of San A ntonio; m other, M rs. C. 
B 
M cC o n n e ll; b ro th e r. D e nnis 
M cConnell, both of Seguin. W ash.; aunt and uncle, M r and M rs. Leo 
H. K e lle r (lu st Ilk * our own sen). 
Son Antonia; fa th e r-In la w , C lark 
W. H u n te r, Salem . O regon, s e r­ v ic e T u e s d a y a t 1o:3o in th * 
G e o rg ia n C hapel of the P o rte r 
L o rin g M o rtu a ry, D r. R obert H 
B u llo c k o ffic ia tin g Those w ho desire m ay send m em o rial gifts to 
B e ll C h o ir, B e n ia m in F ra n k lin 
V illage Chapel, c/o LTC. H erm an 
Ellis, 74oth Mod. Del.. APO New 
Y o rk o*oo4. P a llb e a re rs . G en. 
J a c k P. P o llo c k . C o l. R o y C. 
C lark, Cal. M ichael M. B elenky, 
Col. Allen W. Brow n, Cot. B e rna rd 
O b *rm e (*r, Col. Justin S. Zack. 
V is itin g hou rs 7 p.m . to * p.m . 
M onday a t P o rte r L o rin g M o r­ tu a ry. Interm ent w ith fu ll m ilita ry h on ors in Ft. Sam H ouston No tional Cemetery. A rrangem ents w ith 

 ta r te r L o rin g 
I tot McCullough .u t t ilt 

PE TZO LD 
MRS. A N N IE P E T ­ 
Z O L D Of 4o4 B a rre tt 
A va ., b o rn in San 
^ -A n to n io J u ly 24, 
1o*o e n te re d re s t S a tu rd a y . 
M arch 24. 1*77 at the age of 84 yeors. 
SERVICES M ON DAY 3:3o PM 
ALAM O CHAPELS 
M rs. P e tio le has lived in San A n­ to n io fo r her e n tire life , w as a m em b er of St. Johns L u th e ra n 
C h u rch ond is s u rv iv e d bv her d a u g h te r, M iss G e rtru d * A n n a 
P e tio le and a son, M r. Daniel H. 
Pet?old, grandch ild ren , Julie Ann ond D aniel P e tio le J r. Services under the directio n of a m em ber of THE LE LO N CUDE F A M IL Y 
Of 

T k t m o 
225 5731 
N Alam o c l B rooklyn 

RUIZ 
C ecilia Ann H u ll, 317 N W 
21 et 
Street, Apl B., Ft. W orth, Texas, born in Son Antonio, Tex. A p ril 3, 
1*74 p a sse d a w a y T h u rs d a y , 
M a rc h 24, 1*77 at the age of 3 years. A Mass of the Angels w ill be offered M onday. M arch 78 of 
♦ -.OO a .rn fro m S a c re d H e a rt 
Catholic Church, 2114 W Houston 
SI. w ith Rev. Jam es K o la ra of 
Rciattna Concluding services w ill fo llo w in R o s e la w n M e m o ria l 
P a rk . S u rv iv o rs : P a re n ts , M r. and M rs. Leroy A. H u ll; paternal g ra n dm other, M rs. Ju lia A ria s ; p a te r n a l g r a n d fa th e r , 
M r. 
D om ingo H u ll; m a te rn a l g ra n d ­ m other, M rs. T rinidad C om ales; paternal great -great-grandfather. 
M r. Lolo P. A ria s ; sister. L ydia 
R u n ; b ro th e r, L e ro y R u n J r. 
Services under th * directio n of 
J&ax martinez 

M ALDO NA DO 
M r. Filom eno M oidonodo. a g * 7*. of 1o2 Benovo S t, passed aw ov 
T h u rs d a y , M a rc h 24, 1*77 In a lo ca l ho sp ita l. B o rn In M e x ic o . 
M r M a ldo nado ra s ld e d in Son 
A ntonio to r 3o years and wos a m e m b e r of th * C a th o lic F o lth 
S u rv iv o rs : W ife , M rs 
M a ria 
De Jesus M aldonado; sons, Simon 
M a ld o n a lo . F ilo m e n o M a ld o n ­ a d o ; d a u g h te rs , M rs 
A lb e rto 
(E m m a ) Benavldei Flares, M r* 
N a rc is o (M irth o la ) R e m a n d * !. 
M rs. Agusttn (M in e rva ) DeLeon, 
M rs . R o g e lio (M a ria D e je s u s ) 
C o m a le s. 37 g ra n d c h 'id re n . R o­ s a ry , 7:oo p.m . S unday a t th * 
Southside Funeral Home Chapel 
M ass. *:1S a m M on d a y a t St. 
P h ilip of Jesus C atholic C hurch. 
Interm ent. Son Jose B u ria l P o rk. 
D irection of 

AJO) S Flares 
o 3 2 -4 3 3 9 

M A R T IN 
M rs Ig n a c to G M d rtln of 327 
M cK a y St., passed aw ay S a tu r­ day. M a rch 24, 1*77. Fun era l Ser­ vice * 1o oo a rn. M onday a1 Bethel of San Antonio w ith in term ent to fo llo w in M issio n B u ria l P a rk . 
A rrangem ents bv 

 lf! 

MISSION P \ Hk 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
I 7oo S I M ilita ry O' 

M O Y A 
M r H enry Jasso M aya. 7o, af oo7 
W 
C yp ress St. d itd M a rc h 74, t*77 in San A ntonia R esidont of 
San Antonia 4* ye a r* ond m em ber of San Fernando C athedral. S ur­ v iv o rs 
W ife . M rs . R e g in a R 
M o ya , m o th e r, M rs M a rg a rita 
Escalente. both ot San A n to n io , d a u g h te r, M rs . Y o la n d a M . 
V alero ot Tulsa. O hio ; son. M r 
H enry R M aya of Son A ntonio. sisters, M rs. M a rg a rita N a v a rro of Los Angeles, C a lif.; M rs. F e ll! 
G u lllm eft. M rs M a ria V id a l ond 
M iss R o sadia E s c a le n te , a ll of 
Sun Antonio, brother, M r Nabor 
Escotente of San A n to n io ; eight g ra n d ch ild re n ; num erous nieces an d ne o h e w s. R o s a ry w ill be r e c ite d o f 7:oo p .m . M o n d a y , 
M a rch 71 In Roy A k e r* F u n e ra l 
C hapels S e rvice e ll! d e p a rt at 
I IS a rn Tuesday. M o rch 2*th far a I 3o a rn. Mass at San Fernando 
C a th e d ra l w ith F a th e r Jasea h 
N u evo C M F. c e le b ra n t in te r rn w it F art Sam Houston N ational 
Cem etery. 

515 No Main 
226 72o1 

OVALLE 
M r Lionel B. Ovolte, 42o Ponuce 
St . born in Son Antonie. Tex Oct 
3, 1*27 e n te re d re s t F r id a y . 
M a rch 75, 1*77 at the a g* of 4* years. M r O vall* hoe been a life tim e resident of Son Antonio R o­ sory was recited in lh * M ax M ar- fin e i chapel Soturday. M arch 24 at 7 OO p rn R equiem Mass w ill be ottered Mondoy. M arch 2o at 2:oo p m fro m St 
J u d o C a th o lic 
C h u rch , DO So San A u g u s tin e 
Ave. CenCudine services w ill tai low in San F ernan do C e m etery 
No 7 S urvivors Wife. M r* M er cedes C. O volle; parents, M r. ond 
M rs 
FoM i O v o lle ; d a u g h te rs , 
M rs R oger (Is o b e l) G e n ta le s . 
M iss M o n a Teresa O va ll*. M r* 
Fidencie (S ylvia ) Ja u a u e i, Miss 
Oeho O volle; son. Jose Lionel 
O v o lle ; sister. M rs A rm e n d m a 
C o lu n g a . b ro th e rs . M r. T o n y 
O volle. M r A rnold O volle. o il af 
San A n to n io ; 4 g ra n d c h ild ra n . 
Services under the dire ctio n of max martinez 
7o15 W Martin 

P O S T E R T 
Rev 
E d w a rd P o s te r!, O M I. et 
• ro c k e tv ilie , Texas died T h u rs ­ day. M arch 24, 1*77 in th a t city 
S u rvivors Brothers. Eugene and 
L e w is P o s te r !; s is te r s , M rs 
Frances T urner. M rs Josephine 
Turner, M rs A m elia Foster. M rs 
A gatha P a lm er. R o sary Sunday 
7 3o p rn at the Chapel of the Ob lo t* C o lle ge of th * S o u th w e st. 
Mass M onday 11 OO a m at The 
O b io t* Chapel fellow ed bv in te r­ m ent In the O biot* Cem etery A r­ rangem ents bv 

THE 
F U N E R A L 
ANGELUS 
HOME 
277 1441 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 

494—Funeral Directors 

AN GELUS F U N E R A L HOME 
H E N R Y G UER RA 
4o2 W Houston 
727 1441 

 r n 

For Peace o f Mind... 

V 
PM 

I f la x 
& m a rtin e z 

 eft* ring 
I Fro-Arranged tuner*! 
I 
(Miter" 
1 I Mete! hnureere 8*6488 

227-626] 

Her* Fork kUrtuory 
734-5313 
Uwpel *33-4411 

IOj—Cemeteries 
Burial Lots 

7 o 1 5 W M e r lin 
2 2 7 - 4 2 1 1 

377-43tr 

S A U C E D A 
M rs . M o n o n a Q. S a u ce d a . *5 y e o rs , of *15 K in g St.. passed aw ay M a rch 24. 1*77 at a lo ca l h o s p ita l S u rv iv o rs : D a u g h te r, 
M rs Heave* C ontreras; son, M r 
G uadalupe S a uceda. 2o g ra n d c h ild re n ; * g re a t-g ra n d c h ild re n and 3 great g re a t-g ra n d ch ild re n . 
Funeral Services w ill be conduct ed Monday. M arch 28, 1*77 at 2:oo p m. of the O r tii M o rtu a ry , the 
Rev S M. G a rcia o ffic ia tin g In fe rm e n t w ill fo llo w at the M o ro 
K ftia h t C em etery in E lm e n d o rf. 
Tex. Arrangem ents bv 

ORTIZ M O R TUA RY. INC. 
3114 Culebro Rd 
432 o*87 

SCHILLER 
M r. H ervey Lloyd Schiller. 74, of 
421o Sylvan Oaks D r died M arch 
25 In San Antonio Resident of Son 
A n to n io 55 y e a rs . S u rv iv o rs : 
WW*, M rs. B illie Jean Schiller af 
San A n to n io ; s o n , M r. L lo y d 
C arleton S ch ille r of Dodos, T e x­ as; granddaughters, Miss Sandra 
L y n n and M iss S h aro n L o u is e 
S c h ille r, both o f San A n to n io ; grandsons, M r Lloyd Kip and M r. 
W illiam Russell S ch iller, both of 
Son A n to n io ; s is te r, M rs. C. E 
(E lla ) Law rence of Son A ntonio, sister-in-law , M rs W B (E v e ly n ) 
Schiller of San Antonio Services 
3:3o p.m . M onday, M a rch 28 in 
Suns*! Fun era l Home w ith in te r­ m ent in Sunset M e m o ria l P a rk 
P allbearers: H o rry Ravenna. O r 
W illiam M. W ard, Ed Low ro nc*. 
G arland Low ronce. E a rl Schiller 
Jr., B ryan Schiller, one M ilton 
Schiller 

SUNSET ".Tome 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828-2811 

SHOMER 
Theodore M. Shomer, SO. et San 
Angelo, died Shannon H ospital at 
12 1 o p m Soturday Services w ill be in R o b e rt M assle R iv e rs id e 
Chapel in San A ngelo at I p m 
Sunday and b u ria l w ill be at noon 
M onday at R oselaw n M e m o ria l 
P a rk In San A n tonio He w o s a 
54 year resident of San Antonia. 
S u rv iv e d by a d a u g h te r, M rs . 
O ev* Tooler of Odessa and three grandch ild ren 

Robert Mossle Fun era l Home 
4o7 Rio Concho D rive 
Son Angelo. TX 74*o3 
Phone - *15 - 455-1121 

SORKIN 
M rs. A lvina A. sorktn . a a * 74. af 
2*11 W . G e ra ld , d ie d F r id a y . 
M a rch 25. 1*77. S u rv iv o rs : Hus band. H ardy L Sark In, daughter. 
M rs. Fred (A ly l) Rohde. Son An­ to n io ; s is te r s . M rs . 
L illia n 
Schmefteld, M rs. Frances B u rt*, both of St. Louis. M o .; 2 g ra n d ch ild re n ; 2 great g ra n d ch ild re n 
G ra v e s id e S e rv ic e M o n d a y a t 
2 45 at Ft. Som Houston N ational 
Cem etery A rrangem ents w ith 

P urler L orin g 
J ioi McCullough 227 *321. 

STONE 
M o * S to n e , a a * l l . a t 74o7 
Meodow B re e i* O r., poised ow ov 
T h u rs d a y . 
M a rc h 
}« , 
1*77 
M em b er F irs t B a p tis t C h u rc h . 
Three R iv e rs . S u rv iv e rs : H us band. S Lotos Stone, d o u a h te r. 
Bess** M E dw ards af Son Anton ie. ton, S L Stone at San Anton ie . titte r s . M rs. T e n n i* H o lt et 
C le b u rn . M rs 
B essie O dom af 
Throe Rivers, L illia n Ferguson of 
San A n tonio, b ro th e r. R a ym on d 
F erguso n et V ic to ria , 8 g ra n d c h ild r e n a n d I g r a a t-g ra n d daughter. Fun era l Services Men day. * IO a rn In M ission P a rk 
F u n e ra l C h a p e l w ith C h a p la in 
R obert C ullom o ffic ia tin g In te r­ ment to fallow in F a rt Sam nous ton N a tio n a l C e m e te ry A r r a n ­ gements bv 

A 
Mis s io n F \ K k 
FUNERAL C M A F IIS ' 
I 7oo S I M ilita ry O' 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 2 7 1 9 7 7 
H 

Homosexuals: 
Carter cares 

Police can’t find heiress 

A 
The Patriotism A w ard of the A lam o 
Chapter of the Air Force Assn. is presented to U.S. Rep. Henry B. G onzalez Saturday night by chapter President Bill Roth. The award ceremony was at the USAA Build­ ing. — Staff Photo by H .M . Dean Jr. 

WASHINGTON (A P) - American homosexual leaders emerged from an unprecedented meeting at the White 
House on Saturday, declaring talks with a (arter administration official demonstrated the President’s commit­ ment to human rights extends to gay people. 
In a three-hour session. Margaret 
Costanza, Carter’s assistant for public liaison, heard grievances aired against the government on several fronts by IO members of the National Gay Task 
Force. She had agreed to the meeting a month earlier. 
The meeting, which took place while 
President ( arter and his family were spending the weekend at Camp David. 
Md., was described by one participant as “a happy milestone on the road to full equality under the law for gay men and women.’’ 

The participants said they were as­ sured that Carter was aware of the meeting, and they noted that during his presidential campaign he promised to support legislation aimed at elimin­ ating hiring discrimination within the government on the basis of sexual preferences 

“This is the first time in the history of this country that a president has seen fit to acknowledge the rights and not'ds qf some 2o million Americans.” said task force co director Jean 
O'Leary 

“ We had a fantastic meeting.” she said. “What we got was a commitment on all the issues we brought up” for further discussion not only at the 
White House but within individual ex­ ecutive agencies. 

G LE N V IE W . 111. (A P ) - Helen 
Voorhees Brach is a 65-yearold w idow and heiress to a candy fortune. She has been missing for days. 
“ Maybe she’s suffering from amne­ sia. maybe she’s been abducted, maybcshc’s on a world cruise,” Police 
Chief William Bartlett said. 
“ I’ve got a handful of nothing, every lead I ’ve had has fizzled,” said Ernest 
Rizzo, a private investigator hired by the Brach family. “ I can’t make a case for foul play and I can't make a case that’s she’s all right. The pieces don’t fit either way.” 
Mrs. Brach was last reported seen by her houseoan. Jack Matlick, who said he took her to Chicago’s O’Hare 
International Airport at 6 a m Fob 21 for a flight to Ft. Lauderdale. Fla. 
Police said Mrs. Brach — the widow of form er Brach Candy chairm an 
Frank Brach — never arrived in Flor­ ida and no flights were scheduled to leave Chicago for Florida until after 9 am . 
Since then, investigators have searched her 17-acrc estate, taljed with all her k n o w n friends and relations and followed up several clues. 
“ I ’ve got four people and myself 

 working full time on this case — one- tenth of my staff.” Bartlett said. "We don't have much." 
Police said they had indications that 
Mrs. Brach may have traveled to Bio de Janerio to consult with a plastic surgeon But the surgeon told police he knew nothing of Mrs. Brach. 
Rizzo said he found out that Mrs. 
Brach had been talking with an Evan­ ston couple, Dr. and Mrs. Wallace I) 
McKenzie, about a cruise to South 
America. “ But I talked tothe doctor’s daughter Friday, and she said she had talked to her parents earlier in the week, and Mrs. Brach wasn’t with them.” 
Police say direct contact with 
McKenzie can't be made until the cruise ship docks April I on the Yuca­ tan Peninsula in Mexico. 
Man found dead 
A medical exam iner’s ruling is pending in the hanging death Saturday of a 2o” year”o!d Hollywood Park man. 
John billon. 2o, of 114 Casa del Vista 
St. was pronounced dead at 1:4o p.m. at Green Hospital. 
Investigators reported the victim was found in his garage by a relative. 

WARNING! 
WARNING! 
WARNING! 

INVESTIGATE 
BEFORE YOU BUY 
ANY STONE SIDING 
BE SURE AND GET 
ANOTHER BID. . . 

(Operators On Hand 24 Hours) 
A-DAY 
ALAMO BUILDERS 
AND SUPPLY 
1916CUUBRA 
736-4547 

W alkin cool w ith Fam olare 

Malibu, sassy little flat with contour arch on the 
“ Rush There” sole. White, camel, navy. Sizes 6 Y2 1o(N), 
4%-1o(M), 23.95 alife / jgpf 

ROSELAW N —5 lots. 8225 ta 
>24-4*98 Oiler 4 P M- 

3 SPACES M asonic Section, M is ­ sion B u rial P ark, South 533 5787 

TILLOTSON 
M rs Ida Ann Tillotson. 43. o l 7518 
Standing O oks, d itd M a rc h 24, 
1*77. Residont a1 San A ntonio JO years, m em ber e l K irb y C hurch of C h ris t S u rv iv o rs : H u sband. 
Kenneth N. Tillotson, son Anton 
IO. sons. V o n * A. Tillotson, M ont gom ery, Ala . D on!*! k Tillotson, 
Rowland Haights, C a d i. W ayne L 
T illo ts o n , L in c o ln . C a lli. ; I t grandch ild ren , sisters, M rs Bes­ sie B row n. E l Peso Tax . M rs 
S te lla L. D io t i, San A n to n io ; brother, Lew is S C am pbell. San 
A n to n ia 
S a rv tc a s IO is a rn 
M onday, M a rch 21, Sunset F u n ­ e ra l Heme, M r H e n ry B rtg m a n 
O ffic ia tin g 
In te rm e n t F t Sam 
Houston N otional C em etery. 

SUN SETF ho,^ 
17o1 Austin Hwy 626 28 

V IE R A 
M rs 
Fascuoia Z 
V iera et u n 
Keats e ntered In t* re s t F rid a y , 
M arch 25, 1*77 at th * age et 7$ y e a rs 
S u rv iv o r s : 
A d o p te d d a u g h te r, M iss F lo re n tin e Gen ie !* !, lis te r. F ra n cisco V Gen is le t ; b ro th e rs . G u a d a lu p e Z 
Viera. Nicolas I Viera. E steven 
I 
V ie ra , E m ilia Z 
V ie ra , ond 
O o m in g b I 
V ie r a ; n u m e ro u s nieces ond nephews R osary w ill b t rte ,ted Sundov evening at 7 M p rn at th * Palm Heights Chapel 
F u n e ra l S e rv ic e s w ill d e p a rt 
Monday a l I o4 p m follow ed Bv a 
F unot a l Mass of t JO p rn at Our 
Lady at Angels C atholic C h urch with Rev Guy H enry, O FM Cele b ro o l in term ent w ilt fo lio * of san 
F e rn a n d o C o m e ta ry No. 2. A r ­ rangem ent* with 

$ a l m f r i g h t s 

37it Se Z a r(a m o ra 
*]4 4i*a 

Buy yourself the sporting equipment you've been wanting 
You'll find gieat buys in today's Want Ads. 

Coll 
225-1666 

Pag e 
4-D_________ Son Antonio E X P R E S S N E W S — Sun day M a rc h 2 7 I 9 77 
'La B ohem e’ in S.A. is 
'captivating’ 

“ * X*vf 
•' ... t* • 
\ 
A trefit f o r lawns 

LA W N -C A R E com pany, A-Perm-o-Green Inc., is starting its second year in San Antonio. M anag er is Burt Chandler. The com pany recommends its liquid fertilizer be applied in the spring, late spring, summ er and fall. D an ny M ares dem onstrates the treatm ent, designed to provide the nutrients needed for the season, type of soil and tem perature. 
Senators near vote on new ethics code 

W ASH IN G TO N (A P ) - Senate 
*Democratic and Republican leaders, already behind schedule in creating their proposed new ethics code, will put to a vote next Friday a code that 
Iiibody contends is ideal and some call u “ hoax" and a "monstrosity." 
* Of more than 7(1 proposed amend­ ments, 28 remain to be dealt with and most are certain of being rejected. 
.Duly one minor substantive change 
Mas allowed in six days of floor debate 
.tao far 
Senate Majority Leader Robert ('. 
^Bvrd, D W .Va., said the remaining amendments would be debated this 
•week, however, with the final vote set 
Tor Friday morning. 
I- The code would expand the amount 
-k)f personal financial information a 
.'senator would be required to disclose. 
S i also would ban expensive gifts from hobbyists and travel by la mod uck 
•legislators, restrict the use of the 
Iree-mail privilege, limit the political fund-raising activities of staff aides 
-Mild prohibit employment discrimina­ tion. 

None of the pending proposals are expected to generate heat comparable to that created by the code’s most controversial feature — the provision limiting a senator's earned outside in­ come to IT) per cent of their $57,5oo annual legislative pay. or about $8,ooo. 

That issue consumed tin* first three days of debate before the Senate finally rejected an effort by Sen. Edmund 
Muskie. D-Maine, to abolish the lim i­ tation Muskie was fighting to save the lucrative careers that he and other prominent senators have built for themselves on the lecture circuit. 

Foes of the income limit argued that the code's requirements for extensive financial disclosure are sufficient for voters to judge whether there are con­ flicts of interest in a senator's private affairs. 

Some also say that if there is to be a lim it, it should apply not only to 
"earned" income from personal labors but also to "unearned" income from investments and the Ilk**. 

B y J A M E S C O N E L Y 
Pu ccin i's opera ‘‘La 
Boheme" has the kind of music everyone wants to sing. With a simple and very human plot, it is al­ so a story everyone can understand. 
Even a mediocre pro­ duction is entertaining, but when the quality of performance is as high as Hu* one Friday even­ ing in the Theater of the 
Perform ing Arts, then the production is nothing short of captivating. 
This was the second of this year's operas given bv the San Antonio Sym- phony Opera G uild. It • was conducted by Murry 
Sidlin. resident conduc­ tor of the National Sym­ phony. who was here earlier this season to conduct one of the s.v mphony's concerts. 
Easy pace 
Ile kept the music at an easy pace and built full sounding support iii the orchestra. Only occa­ sionally did the singers seem to have difficulty finding his beat 
The orchestra was full and responsive, in fact, too much so in the first act. Had Sid lin m ain­ tained better balance, the orchestra would not have overplayed the singers. 
Sigmund 
Cowan as 
Marcello, Gary Kendall as Colline and Joseph 
Gallatin as Schaunard all played their parts convincingly and sang well. 

None of their voices. however, quite fill the hall, and they had some difficulty projecting over the orchestra 
W illiam Harness as 
Kndnlfn shared some of the limited power of the other mule principals, but not to the same ex­ tent. His clea r tenor voice has a consistent re- 

Review 

 sonant quality through­ out its range, and w hat is remarkable, the higher he goes the better he, sounds. 
Barbara Shuttleworth played Musetta with just the right coquettishness. 
Of all the principals, the strongest was Karan 
Armstrong, whose win­ ning protrayal of Muni was commanding right from her first off-stage lilies There are two rea­ 

 s o n s why she is right for the part. 
First, she is young and petite, just right to play someone who is frail and sick. 
Secondly, she has a voice of unusual strength and range that carries well even in Mimi's wea­ kest moments and do­ minates in her strongest. 
Of all the reasons to see this production, one is surely the sets. 
E. Surinam provided basically painted back­ drops, but they were so effective that two of them merited the audience's applause. 

Anthony Stivan ello s direction balanced the characters well with each other 
This is not much of an opera for a chorus, but the San Antonio Sym ­ phony 
Mast ors ingers made their lim ited ap­ pearance bright and wel­ come. 
It was all together a well conceived produc­ tion that improved as it progressed, it was capa­ bly sung. convincingly acted, and beautifully staged 
Everyone should see 
“ I.a Bohem e" al least once, and this was an ex­ cellent opportunity to see it done well. 
HURRY LAST WEEK 

THE SLEEP SHOP 
IS N O W 
SOUTHSIDE AT 1724 S.W. MILITARY 

QUEEN 
SIZE 

’UST PWO 1339.95 
FOR 
ON EVERY PERFECT SLEEPER 
MATTRESS SET IN STOCK 
SOLD IN SETS ONLY. 
TWIN-FULL-QUEEN 
OR KING SIZE 

M 
/ : 
X TWIN 
SIZE 
^ HIST PRICE $239.oo 

 t o l l 
- 
SIZE 

UST PRICE $279.oo 
FO R 
95 

COMPARE OUR PRICES 
ON BEDSPREADS, 
HEADBOARDS, AND 
OTHER SLEEP 
ACCESSORIES. 

S / * 1 3 9 

PRICES G O O D AT ALL 
3 STORES 
^ 
SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 

3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
1724 S.W. MILITARY 
736-5878 
922-1691 

NON INSU IVttDAT 

 rtc/i itc / i 
YOUR CHOICE 2 5 ” DIAGONAL 
COLONIAL OR MEDITERRANEAN 
COLOR TRAK CONSOLE TV’S 

Automatic contrast/color tracking , Auto 

 motic color control. Automatic room light 

 prcture control, RCA Super AccuFilter block 

 matrix picture tube, 
1oo% solid state 

Color frock chassis for reliability no 

 tubes to burn out 
639 

E A C H 

Automatic contrast color tracking , 

Automatic room light picture control 

Automatic color control, 1oo% solid stole 

Color Track chossis for reliability • no 

 tubes to burn out 

19" DIAGONAL 
1oo% SOUD STATE 
PORTABLE COLOR TV 

Hare's your golden opportunity to enjoy the brilliant color of R C A » best big screen black matrix picture tube, and get the 1oo% solid state reliability of the famous R C A XL- IOO chassis, too 

12" DIAGONAL 
"ENERGY SAVER" 
BLACK & WHITE TV 
*98 

Operates at an average of only 38 watts Three plu gon 
AccuCircuit modules for easy servicing. Fast W a r m u p picture tube-picture com es on in approximately 6 sec onds Convenient front mounted controls Fidelity-engi­ neered sound system features a big 6 oval speaker. 

E le c tro p h o n lc 

TOTAL HOME 
ENTERTAINMENT 

 s 

CENTER 
199 

Deluxe A M / F M / F M Stereo Receiver. Professional full-size re­ cord changer w ith Diam ond stylus and Lucite Dust Cover. 
A dvanced, built-in 8 track tape equipm ent. Full-range m atched speaker system . 4 -D Matrix sw itch for 4-D Channel Sound 
# FF645/R 27/M C 14 
SHOP THE EASY WAY AT WOOtCO 

• t-IM CX H C O X D H / rU T M 
MEDITERRANEAN 
CONSOLE STEREO 
*278 

With AM HA Stereo Radio, 3 vpeed BSR Record 

Changer. 8 Track Recorder Ptoyei #S6o13 

ENTERTAINMENT 
CENTER 
*178 

With AM/FM Stereo Radio, Record Changer. 8- 

Trock/Cos*ette Tope Player. Two Speaker*. 

Modular component*. # 4645-LID 

T a p p a n 
Microwave Oven 
*299 

Featu res Selector Control to vary cooking sp eed . Includes autom atic defrost setting 
C u ts cooking time up to 75%. N o in s ta ll tion fits on kitchen counter #56-3565 

 te m 

✓ ii^-n7,i'iianrTTCT 

 lan k t 
- Comm** Im 
Uy hmm RIM 

 wcxh' c n m .!* 
■A LEKAN* I Si I EC* r .w u e e ^ u e , IS M U 

4 oo3 w i l l c O M m i t e I 
4 34 o481 ta# rani 
AVO«U4 
333 o16o 

1114 I W 
MILITARY DR 
o14 1441 

IMO AUSTIN 
MTT Al V Ail IN 
OSA 4441 
F II 111 I 

SHOR W O O tC O t i3 o A AK IO *>3o R AI. H O N D A V THRU SATU RD AY 

N IT Rtf IR CORF 1o4 RCI 

LA t it ) AC1 iq s «U A l ARI H O 

Mew RIRI M>**t 

Batterie gets health award 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday M arch 27 I 977 

Tho St. Mary's Univer­ sity Marian Health Care 
Medallion w ill he pre­ sented to Dr. James E. 
Bauerle during a dinner and awards presentation at 7 p.m. April 3 in the St. 
Mary's dining hall. 

The presentation is sponsored by the St. 
Mary's Health Sciences 
Advisory Board, a group of San Antonio physicians and dentists formed to bring professionals in close association with St. 
M ary’s students aspiring to to careers in health sciences. 

Ut. (ion. George E. 
Schafer, Air Force sur­ geon general, will be tilt* keynote speaker at the awards ceremony. 

St. Mary’s senior pre­ medical and pre-dental students already accept­ 

 ed for professional schools will be special guests. 
The Marian Medallion recognizes Bauerle for 
“ outstanding contribu­ tion to medical science and health science edu­ cation" and “ unselfish dedication and devotion to the health care of his fellow man.” 
Bauerle, an oral sur­ geon and former presi­ 

 dent of the Texas Dental 
Assn and the San Anton­ io District Dental Socie­ ty. has a broad back­ ground of professional and civic associations. 
A regent of the Univer­ sity of Texas System, 
Bauerle is a civilian con­ sultant in oral surgery at 
Brooke Arm y M edical 
Center and Milford Hall and is chief of oral sur­ gery at Santa Rosa Me­ dical Center. 
Schafer, who was ap­ pointed surgeon general in August 1975, served at 
Brooks A F B from 1962 through 1969, including duty as commander of the Air Force School of 
Aerospace Medicine. lh1 served two years in 
Vietnam and then re­ turned to Brooks for duty as com m ander of the 
Aerospace Medical Div- sion. 
H orse Show April 13-17 

The 1977 San Antonio Charity Horse 
Show will be April 13-17 at Joe Free­ man Coliseum 
The annal charity event will offer 
$23,1 HK) in prize money in 1S3 classes of competition, said Roy Martin, presi­ dent of the show board. 
He said tin* event will feature com­ petition between Texas horses and more than 5(H) entries from IO states, 
Canada and Mexico. 
According to Gen. Mgr. M. V. John­ ston. the annual show has been rated among the top 2o in the nation. All profits go to the Alzafar Temple’s 

Hospital Fund for the treatment of children. 
Tickets range from $3.75 for box seats to general admission of $1 for adults or 5o cents for children under 
12. 
Advance tickets are available at all 
Joske's, Montgomery Ward and Sears stores. 
Daily elimination trials will be held at the arena barn on the Coliseum grounds. 
Admission is 5o cents for the day­ time shows and entrance is through the 
West Gate. 
Seniors to visit capital 

Two Texas senior citizens will have the opportunity to visit Washington. 
DC. for two weeks in May, the office of 
Sen. John Tower has announced. 
The two participants in the "Senior 
Citizens Intern Urogram," May 16-27. will be selected by a panel of repre­ sentatives of the Senior Citizen and 
Retirement Assns. 
Applicants must lie at least 6o years of age, must fill out a form and must write a letter to Tower explaining why 

 they would like to participate. 
Two letters of recommendation from community leaders must be attached and applications must be in Tower’s 
Houston office by April 22. 
Application forms may be obtained from Robert E . Uugh. 2o5 Bexar 
County Courthouse; the office of Bexar 
County Senior Citizens, 21o Stumberg, or from the office of Mrs. Mary Ann 
Loweth. Office of Sen. John Tower, 515 
Rusk Ave., Houston 77oo2. 
Pallets going on sale 

The Army Men s Social Service 
Center wants to sell 1o.ooo wooden pallets donated to it by the Pearl 
Brewing Co. 
The pallets 44 by 33 inches will be on sale at 5o cents each in lots of 25 or more from 8:3o a.rn. to 2.3o p.m. 

Monday through Saturday at 422 Leal 
St. 
The four-way pallets are $1 in lots of! less than 25. 
The center is totally dependent on the resale of items given to the Salva­ tion Army. 
Episcopal w om en m eeting 

The Spring Quiet 
Day of the 
Daughters of the King of the Episcopal 
Diocese of West Texas will be held in the Chapel House in Cathedral Park, 
111 Torcido St., April 6. 
The Rev. Canon David 
Veal will lie the speaker. T K nay will begin at 9 a.m. with registration and a coffee. 

 will 
Holy Eucharist at IO a m. followed by meditations. 
Participants are being asked to bring sack lunches. Meditations will resume at I p.m. and participants will bi* dismissed at 2 p.m. 
All churchwomen in the 6o-county diocese are invited. 
Aetna gives United W ay boost 

United Way agencies serving San 
Antonio will receive an extra financial boost from Aetna Life & Casualty’s expanded contributions program. 
‘ For the sixth year, annual contribu­ tions of Aetna’s San Antonio area employes to United Way of San Antonio will be supplemented by a 4o per cent matching gift made by the Hartford, 
( onn -based corporal ion 
This year the corporate grant will 

 add $1,132 to the $2,831 contributed by the insurer’s local employes. 
United Way of San Antonio is one of j the 124 United Way affiliates which will benefit from Aetna’s program. 
The total contributions made in 1977 by Aetna Life & Casualty and its employes to the United Way agencies' in the United States is $758,748 
$318,165 from employes and $44o,631. | from the corporation. 
Jewish cen ter opens gift shop 

A gift shop featuring the work of senior citizens will open April 7 at the 
Jewish Community Center. 1o3 W 
Rampart Drive. 
Hems made by senior citizens will be displayed and sold in the showcase in 

 the lobby at the center. Arts and crafts of all types are welcome. 
They will by sold by the center on a 1 consignment basis. 
Fo r more inform ation, contact 
Laurie lieder at the center, 344-3453. 
O lm os Dam task force nam ed 
The San Antonio River Corridor 
Committee appointed a 25-member 
Olmos Dam Task Force to help with a 

 ll h u t's u[P, D o c? 

BUG S 
BU N N Y will be ap­ pearing on stage 
Thursday through Saturday in North Star 
Mall’s grand court with shows at I *3o, 3 and 4 p.m. The carrot-chewing rabbit will be singing and dancing for the enjoyment of youngsters of all ages. 

SALE PRICES 
GOOD MONDAY 
AND TUESDAY 

W e w ant to be your favorite store 

ASSORTED 
AIR FILTERS 

 iron 

J6 "i 
. 

— 
’ 

NESTLE OR GADBERRY 
LARGE SIZE 
CANDY BARS 
6 OZ. SIZE$ I 
FOR 

MENS TANK TOPS 

Trem endous selection of styles 
& c o lo r s . S iz e s S - M - l- X L . 
Hurry in now and save at this low W o olco price. 
66 

 federal application for funds to strengthen the dam. 
The committee, which includes City 
Councilmen Henry Cisneros and Glen 
Hartman, will focus on the part of the application concerning the dam ’s roadway. 
Handling of the roadway plans must lie satisfactory to avoid delays in the application process, Cisneros said. 
The corridor is applying with the 
U.S. Economic Developmer Adminis­ tration office in Austin for a $4.1 mil­ lion grant to strengthen tlu* dam. 
Cisneros said some word on the chances of getting the funds will come 
Monday when City Asst. Public Works 
Dir Mel Sueltenfuss meets With EDA officials in Austin. 
Sw im m ers needed 
The city Parks and Recreation De­ partment is accepting applications for summer employment in the depart­ ment’s 17 swimming pools. 
The positions available this summer are pool managers, lifeguards, swim­ ming instructors, and bath house at­ tendants. 
All applicants must be at least 18 years old. Those interested in pool manager, lifeguard, and swimming instructor positions must hold a cur­ rent lifesaving or swimming instruc­ tions certificate. 
Applicants are urged to apply for these summer positions at the depart­ ment’s office in Brackenridge Park, 
95o E. Hildebrand Ave. 9 a m. and 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. 
For further information contact the department at 828-8111. 
VW ow ners unite 
Volkswagen van owners of San An tomo have united to form their own club dedicated lo fun and friendship. 
For information on the club, write 
Volkswagen Vans of San Antonio, 72oo 
S. Presa St. No 23o1, San Antonio 78223 in care of John Garner. 

MENS CUT-OFFS 

Get ready now for the warm sum m er days w ith these cut­ off jeans. Frayed or hem m ed bottom s. W aist sizes 28-38. 

"CHARCE IT! 

JUNIOR & 
MISSES 
JUMPSUITS 

M 
5 . . 

Fashion new est favo r­ ite . L o n g a n d s h o rt sleeved, styles. Hooded or collared. C h oice of c o lo r s . S iz e s 5 18. 
Styles may vary. 

/ / 

2oo COUNT 
FILLER PAPER 

REG. 97* 

V 
Soft and floppy for the flirtiest fashion look' W ide-brim m ed and flattering 
Assorted colors. 

LADIES' 
HATS 

I 97 

SHOP r n CASY WAY AT WOOLCO JUST SAY. . . "CHAROS IT! 

I 
K / 
IRREG 
TWIN & FULL 
BED SHEETS 

REG. 4.23 

C h o o se from assorte d solids and prints. Several colors to select from 
Hurry in tor best selection Machine washable 

IGLOO 48 QT. 
ICE CHEST 
44 

REG. 27.99 

Will hold 9o lb. of crushed ice. 3 dozen 12 oz cans, and has a re­ movable food tray Whether its an outing on the beach or a back yard party this Igloo 48 Qt. chest can handle it 

5 OZ. PKG. 
COOKIES 

FOR 
■ 

Select from Lemon Custard, 
Peanut Butter, or Vanilla 
Waffle cookies Hurry in and save. 

<■'TK 

HOT CYCLE 
BY EMPIRE 

8 8 

REG. 16.96 

Sturdily built. W ide rear stance for stability 
Save 
Now 

V 

ALUMINUM 
CAMP TABLE 
88 

REG. 14.99 

Has carry handle and folds flat for easy carrying and storing 

DIAPARENE 4 OZ. 
ToWELETTES 

■ REG. 1.99 

15o p re moistened, pop up to w e le tte s w ith lanolin 
Baby wash clothes. 

MENNEN IO OZ. 
BABY OIL 

■ REG. 1.47 

A light fragrant Baby Oil that helps soothe, beautify, moisturize and protect the skin. Helps prevent rash and odor. 

KODAK TRIMLITE 
INST AM ATK 18 
95 

REG. 24.95 

Features a f/11 lens and a two speed mechanical shut ter. Com plete instruction booklet. 

RAMERO 126.11o 
2o EXP. FILM 

< 

REG. 1.19 

Daylight or blue flash Beau­ tiful. ultra-clear photos 

I 

3 8 " x 56" 
IPITCHBACK 
88 

REG. 12.44 

Features dual back braces, tough syn th etic net and co lo rfu l net and fra m e. 
Folds for easy, storage 

HOWK A COUNTRY) 
SPRAY PAINT 

< 

REG. 99' 

For inside or outside 
Chip resistant, safe for all chil­ dren's things 

’/«" W 3 PKG. 
MASKING TAPE 
2* 8* 
REG. 77* eo. 
You'll find many uses for this versatile tape 

CARDEN CINTER DOORBUSTERS-AU. STORES-G 
SUNDAY ONLY! r 

V IG O R O 
TEXAS TURF sore 
M S S 

SUNDAY l f 

Fertilizer fo rm u la te d for 
Texas lawns. 

G REEN TH UM B 
POTTING SOIL 

2o-QT. 

SUNDAY 

Ideal for all your potted plant needs 

W O O LCO C O U PO N 
BIDDING PLANT 
TRAY PACKS 

ASST. 
VARIETY 

GOOD SUN 27fh ONLY 

ROSE 
BUSHES 

SU N D A Y 

Fine healthy plants. 

SOTCX UP 
NOW! 

 f 
W O O LC C M A XtSIT EASY TO SHO f r ~ i 

 ijkKi'zunTiii axjflnrcczKSi SScocflS 
• Convenient Time 
Payment 
* Convenient lay Away Plan 

W O O LC O RESERVES TMI RICHY TO LIMIT QUANTITIES — NOY » I5F»ONSfRlE FOR TYPO G R A PH IC A L ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RO. 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
732-2211 

4 8 o 3 W IST 
CO M M ISCE 
4 3 4 -9 4 8 1 

527 FAIR 
AVENUE 
3 3 3 -8 1 6 6 

2 2 1 4 S.W. 
MILITARY DR. 
9 2 4 -1 4 4 1 

271o AUSTIN 
HWY. AT WALTIM 
633-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9:3o A.M. TO 9:3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY WITH CONFIDENCE! 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEE!)'' 

 tmuiMim n mw i si»ou at* 4*o1o 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
It’s difficult to fool kids 

I'yom tho num ber of correct en trie s in the 
Fa press-News and Santi- kos T h ea ters’ Favorite 
F a tr\ Tales Quiz. San 
Antonio youngsters know their fairy tales very well 
The contest featured questions from some of the most popular fairy tules. 

Because more than one co rrect en try w as r e ­ ceived, a drawing was held to determ ine win­ ners in the three age categories, .‘I to H years; H to ii years and it lo 12 years. 
First place winners in each categ o ry won a long-playing album fea­ turing music from The 

San A n tonio’s 3rd A nnual Spring 

SHOW t? SAI E 

V ILLITA ASSEMBLY BLDG. 

FRI SAT & SUN. APRIL, 1 - 2 
3,1977 

MOR E T H A N 8o D EA LE RS FR OM 
ALL PARTS OF THE U N I T E D STATES 

T his A n tiq u e S h o w is p ro d u c e d a n d d ire c te d t>v 

Irv in g W a y n e w h o also p ro d u c e s th e Z o n ta C lu b 

A n tiq u e S h o w 
ADMISSION S 1.5o 

ALSO VISIT T H E W ORLD FAMOUS 
S T A R V IN G A R TIST SHOW IN 
LA VILLITA - S U N D A Y APRIL 3RD 

Slipper and The Hose plus four tickets lo any 
Santikits Theater. 
W inners a re 
K atie 
Wessels. 14511 Angora 
Drive; .lube Ann G rants, 
4K51 
Scott 
C a rp e n te r 
Drive; and R osalinda 
Garcia, IWW W. Elsmere 
Place 
Second place 

Second place winners each will receive two tickets to the Santikos theaters; Michael Wes­ sels, 14511 Angora Drive; 
.Jennifer G elford, Ho22 
Wildwind 
Drive, and 
Tern Krueger, 1514 Mor­ es Peak Drive. 
T h ird place w inners also will receive two show tickets each. They are Tom m y Wanat Jr.. 
Box HHH, Castroville and 
Put Doran. 1o427 Green* bay Drive and Samantha 
M. (who did not finish her last nam e) of 24IS 
Shamrock. 
Winners arc asked to pick up their prizes at the 
Fxpress-News, Room 5oH from H ilt! a rn. to 5:5o p in.. Monday through 

Friday, 
The correct answers in the quiz were as follows: 

Answers 

The color of the boat in which the Owl and the 
Pussy Cat went lo sea was PFA GREEN 
The bread left by Han­ sel was eaten by BIRDS. 
What was the color of the 
E m p e r o r ’s 
New 
Clothes? HE WASN’T 
WEARING ANY. 
The princess wanted the Ugly Frog to bring a 
GOLDEN BALL up from the bottom of the well to stop her weeping. 
Sleeping Beauty slept for 
ONE 
HUNDRED 
YEARS. 
H enny 
Penny was struck by an AN ACORN. 
Who was tho boy so small he was Alm ost invisible? TOM THUMB. 
What gifts did the shoemaker and his wife leave for the elves? 
CLOTHES AND SHOES 
Who w..s the little man who could spin gold out of s tr a w ’’ 
R U M P E L ­ 
STILTSKIN. 

Interpreters for deaf to hold m eeting 

Texas Society of Interpreters for the Deaf will hold its 15th annual conference at El Tropicano Motor 
Hotel, Thursday through Saturday. 
One of the main functions of the society is to provide interpreting services for deaf people in various situations. 
For example, if a deaf person is hospitalized, the hospital may contact the interpreters for assistance in communicating with the deaf person. 
The same is true for the police, courts, lawyers, social services, schools, colleges, churches, anyone needing assistance in communicating with the deal. 

Saturday at H p.m. in the River Room, songs that can be seen — in sign language — as well as heard and mime presentations will be featured. 
The program is designed for hearing and deaf audiences. 

Tickets will be sold at the d<*»r and public is invited. 
Featured performers will be mime artist 
Flip Rea de and his wife, Barbie, song interpreter in sign language. 

Rea de has performed as a professional mime for nine years He will do several solo presentations and team with his wife in others. 

Barbie will do solo song presentations in sign language. 

A R £ A N A 6 A ’S 
A 

DISCOUNT GROCERY | 

Accepted* 

Pp/CPS Go o d - 
TMCses AAAKCK tA uj 
MAP. <3o rn. 
•/< 7 7 7 - 

' 
A / T S X - 
BATHROOM 
TISSUE 
4 - K O LL P K G . 

R E Y N O L D 'S 
ALUMINUM 
FOIL 

Reynolds Wrap '2oo 

ZOO FT 
ROLL 

~ w.*9 a , 

~8£UivSW/OX' 

H £ / ? R / A / < 3 

AVOCADOS 

S A M B y - S L / C E P * 
•S A A /O lA // 
CH ^ 

JELL-o 
<z>£LAT//V 

• C3l£ GAZI 

W M E 

SLB s a c ; i» A 
SLB. SAG 
«■.. 
, 
ORANGE 
$ ) f POTATOES ^ /vK 

CELERY&dfy 

TOOTHS 
PASTE ** 

 b % i\ 

 r n 

YOU S A V E H E R E A N Y D A Y O N THE 

 centre*. r.o r 
’SIRLOIN n T-BONE & 

VEAL n RIB CHONS 
A’S SY JgSOAVtz 

AZltfiS T U C K E / P S • 
SIRLOIN*. 7- GTE AUS 
CALF-UVER 

SLB. BA G 

WL CSQ* KO** K/A/ <9 
LUNCHEON u.i 
MEATS CA" 
PINTO 
, n 
BEANS l8s 
YOO BAG SAA 

 s t * 
, 3 o * 
LZ 
M OK£ r n rn * _______________ 
M il I - 7 - D A . V - 

• ZZ o E: <5 
LE'so. 
WIENERS 

- C O K . A / 

ROMP it CROWN ROAST 
$g)-^ YELLOW CANDLES 

C H U G 
H R 
O 
A S T 
* 
• Cay/ C K £ u . 

B A C H S J 
N 
E C 
K S 
* r n 

B A C LY 
H f e 

M 
E 
N 
U 
D 
O iv 

/ZOZ. P K < 3 . 
I KO€<S£LE / A/• KOPA CO 
\5/y1oK£Z> f N 
A 
A 
A rn 
YJ/vfOKZoU K /A /i3 ba c o n sausage 

AS* TU a PA V jg o /V D A y O/VC mwi 
— 
— ca. mum ^/A/. 

AZO- P S T U P A S &TUS. 
Mf ^ __ • Po P P CK * 

A W owe/ 

^ S 'r /K K L tr e : * 
E A K L Y u c z /v e V K / 
PEAS 

” • 
— I mn NSNNmimASk 

SIGN lang uag e with Music is p resen ted by Flip and Barbie 
R eade. She's a song in te rp re te r in sign language. H e’s a m im e artist. W an t to te st their versatility — and yours perception? Try to figure out if this picture is on its side or standing upright. 

Mrs. M A R Y E. M U RPH Y p o g e o n t 

Elderly to vie in pageant 

Mrs. Clarence (Mary E.) 
Murphy, 81, will represent the 
Evergreen Care Center, 5o2 Og­ den St., in the Ms. Nursing 
Home pageant Wednesday at 2 p.m. at North Star Mall in front of Frost Brothers. 
Winner of the pageant will represent the city in the state contest to he held in San Antonin later in the year. 
A native of Nelson County, Ky., Mrs. 
Murphy has been in the Evergreen home since Sept. 26, 1976. 
She and her husband, also a resident at the center, have been leaders in the 
Evergreen Care Center’s social activi­ ty program. They have 1k m 'n married 
53 years and have a son. Walter K 
Murphy, 313o Mayfiar Drive. 
CofC b a c k s g r a n t s 

The Greater San Antonio Chamber of 
•Commerce is endorsing funding for the 
Texas Equalization Grant Program 
‘Nearly $14 million yearly under this program helps aid some 2.7oo students attending San Antonio's four private colleges.” said Walter Biel- stein, cham ber vice president for ur­ ban affairs. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 977 

S.A. prof will attend 
SBA m eet 

Dr. Pat Burr, assistant professor of marketing at the University of Texas at San Antonio, will attend White 
House hearings on sm all business 
Tuesday and Wednesday in Washing­ ton, DC. 

President Carter invited Dr Burr to the hearings as an observer for the 
Small Business Administration 

During the hearings, national small business organizations will react to the stimulus materials Dr. Burr helped w rite w hile w ork in g in the 
Carter-Mondale Transition Office. 

Testimony will cover tax measures, governm ent p ro g ra m s , and other issues affecting small businesses. 

Among those attending will be Pre­ sident Carter; Bort Lance, director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
Juanita Kreps, secretary of commerce; and Eula Bingham, director of the 
Occupational Safety and Health Ad­ ministration 

Dr. Burr will return to San Antonio 
Thursday. 

I DELTEX 
ThinkC » Wirt! ming 
• POOLS thoued bt oil tun 
EARLY BIRD SPECIAL 

W V TMK 
OTTItiO 
It TMI* MTVOOUCVORT 
THC! 

IO o % F IN A N C IN G 
N o D ow n P a y m en t 
Low M onth ly P a y m en t 

The Econo-Mate® 
KT DELTEX PO OLS 

COMPLETELY INSTALLED 

The Eco n o -M o te " Exclusive Features 

Hug# 4 " Top Rails 
Heavy gauge steel sidewalls 
Exclusive "lock h o m e "" construction 
Heavy Duty 
Bottom Rail foundation 

Heovy gouge solid vinyl liner 
Aluminum Swing- up and In-Pooi ladders. 
Advanced over. the-woll Skimmer 
Cartridge Filtration 
Unit 
DELTEX POOL CO. 
3222 N W LOOP 41o 
ST. 121, SAN ANTONIO 78229 

INSTALLATION INCLUDED 
W ITHIN IOO MILES O f S.A. 

O O. 1 6 x 3 o * SWIM AREA 1 S *x3 4 * 

 r h * b ig g e s t p rim m in g v a lu e tor poor m o may ta a fa n ta s tic to m b to o H o n tha t «*oat» y e a t a e e la e t 

Beauty • duality • Durability • Safety 

Now there is a custom-crafted pool designed 

 for the family budget as well as for their 

 swimming needs. But don't let the bw, low price fool you . . . included in this fabulous 

 pool package is a handsome 4'xlS' patio deck, 

 big enough for sunning and lounging plus many of the quality features and all of the 

 safety features found in larger sized pools. 

24 HOURS SERVICE 
226-2324 

OUT OF TOWN PLEASE CAU COLLECT 

'-I 

2555 S. W. MILITARY DR. A S. ZARZAM ORA 
LAS PA LM AS SHOPPING CENTER 
SALE GOOD THRU TUES. MARCH 29th 

GROCERY DEPT. OPEN 7 D AYS A WEEK AT S.W. MILITARY DR. 
OPEN SUNDAY 
9 AM- 
9 PM 

LAS PALM AS OPEN SATURDAYS 1o AM-8 PM 

GREAT AMERICAN 
BURGER MACHINE 
COOKS ROUND OR SQUARE 

IN 6o SEC. 

* I YEAR OVER THE COUNTER 
REPLACEMENT 
REG. $12.99$3)99 
W B m JS S m ' 
UMH i 

W H IL E 2 4 L A S T S ! 
MINI FRYER 
T i TEFLON COATED 

2Vi CUP 

I U EAR O V E R THE 

C O U N T E R REPLACEM ENT 

U M H I W HILE 24 LASTS! 
REG. $12.99 

PRO HAIR DRYER 
"FREE N EA SY " 
*12oo WATT 

*1 YEAR OVER THE 
COUNTER REPLACEMENT 
REG. S11.88 
$7.88 LIMIT I 
WHILE 38 LASTS! 

WOMENS 
SCUFF 
SANDALS 
MEW LOON LOR 
SPRING. 
SIZES S-tO 
REG. $8.99 

W O M EN'S & TEENS 
DENIM PO PSICIE 
SLIP ONS 

*7 

SIZES S-1o 
REC. $5.44 
*4 

CHILDRENS 
ATHLETIC 
SHOES 
• M U LTI PU RPO SE 

SIZES 12>/2-6 
REG. $6.99 

MEN'S WESTERN SHIRTS 

VERY FASHIONABLE 
AND STYLISH 
IN LONG SLEEVES 
REG. 
$5.99 

 ladies dresses 

MANY STYLES TO CHOOSE 
FROM...”SENSATIONAl" 
SIZES: ' VALUE'' 
5/15,8/18, t6Vj/24Vj 

LADIES' POLYESTER 
TUNIC BLOUSES r « % o o o % POLYESTER SHORT 

[ J I ’SLEEVEWITHCINCH BELT 
SIZES S,M,L. 

 a t 
VAL UE S 

$15.99 $ 8 8 8 
<) 

V 
O U R 
REG. 
$4.99 

LADIES' T-TOPS 
O 1oo% POLYESTER 
O BEAUTIFUL SPRING COLORS 
O S,M,L. 
REG. $3.49 

F A S H IO N PANTS 
C H O O S E FR O M THE LATEST STYLES 
IN M A N Y A SSO R TED FABRICS 
A N D C O L O R S . . .S IZ E S 8 /1 8 
OUR REG. $7.49 
$588 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 
O M S' LONO DRESSES 
^ 
& JUMPSUITS 

M ANY STYLES & 
> COLORS TO CHOOSE FROM 

$ 4 8 8 m m 
OUR REG. TO $7.99 
SIZES 7/14 

OUR REG. TO $8.99 

SHORT SETS 
LITTLE 
BOYS 
2 PC. SHORT SETS 
IN CREW NECK & TANK 
TOP STYLES SIZES 4-7 
SPECIAL 
PURCHASE $ 9 4 4 

SPECIAL PURCHASE 

“ boys polo shirts 
M ANY STYLES TO CHOOSE 
FROM ASSORTED COLORS 
\ f Th 
SIZES 
4-7 
9 

IM O P PIR I WORLD DIPT STO M COUPON ■ 
MILITARY DRIV! R f ORI OMI V 
3 TRAY TACKLE BO X 

P IA N O #6ooo 

---------------------- 6 HOPPERS WORLD OtRT. STORE COURON--------------------------- 
MILITARY DRIV! STORK OMEY 
ZEBCO 4o4 REEL 

SHOPPERS WORLD DEPT STORE COURON 
MILITARY DR IV ! STORK ONLY 

$688 

LIMIT I 
REG. $1o.99 

COUPON GOOD THRU TUESDAY. MARCH 29th----------I L 

$Q88 

LIMIT I 

AMALIE 

REG. $5.19 

COUPON GOOD THRU TUESDAY, M ARCH 29th 
I L. 

MOTOR 

o I L 

C r o u c h 

 j % 3o O R 4o WT. 
O LIMIT 6 QTS. 
QT. 

-COU PO N GOOD THRU TUESDAY. M ARCH 2 9 th 
J 

DR. PAT BURR 
EODC gels grant 

Economic Opportunity Development 
Corp of San Antonin and Bexar County has received a SI 12.thill general pro­ gramming grant. 
The grant was awarded by the Com­ munity Services adm inistration to maintain the EODC alternate care program. 
The program allows 1,ooo aged, blind and disabled clients to remain independent of institutional care. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
2nd Farm & Home opens 

County 
.fudge 
Blair Reeves will he sp e c ia l guest at a ribbon cutting Mon­ day opening Farm & 
Home Savings Asso­ ciation's second San- 
Antonio branch. 
The ceremony will be­ gin at IO a.in. al 615 NYV 
Loop 41o directly across 

 from Central Park Mall. 
T h e tw o-story, 2o,ooo square foot structure will be open for tours to the p ub lic fro m 8:3o a .m . until 4 p .m . M onday through T h u rsd ay , and until 5 p.m. Fridays from 
March 28 to April 8. 
“ We believe this new office will p rovide not only additional facilities for 
F a r m 
& 
H om e 

 c u s t o m e r s , b u l also represents an attractive addition to the north San 
Antonio a re a,” said Don­ ald E. Leach. San Anton­ io area vice president 
The office contains a community room on the second level, a v a ila b le without ch arge to local civic, school and frater­ nal groups 
F o llo w in g a c o n te m ­ 

 porary design , the new structure features large re c tilin e a r s h a p e s of sa n d - fin ish e d , n atu ra l colored p la ste r e m p h a ­ sizing the plan es of co­ lu m n s, b e a m s , c le a r glass exterior panels and full height walls reaching to a large overhanging roof. 
The m a in floor co n ­ ta in s a m ain coun tin g 
Four promotions announced 

Four North San An­ tonio staff m em bers of 
F a rm & Home Savings 
A sso cia tio n w ere p ro ­ m o ted at the 
M arch board of directors meet­ ing. announced president 
('. A. Duncan .lr. 
Promotions include the following: 
—C h arles L. Connor, assistant m anager of ar­ ea o p e r a tio n s, n am ed vice president. 
—K a th ry n N orw ood, head of area loan service and personnel, elected assistant vice president. 

—Mary 
Helen 
King, head of area loan closing departm en t, elected a s ­ s is ta n t secretary. 
— F a y e S m ith , a re a specialist in loan origin­ ation and construction lo a n s, a s s is t a n t s e c r e ­ tary. 
Connors joined F arm & 
Home s K ansas City of­ fice in 1959 before being tra n sfe rre d to San An­ tonio as office manager in 1963. 
Later that year he was elected assistan t se c re ­ tary, and nam ed a s s is ­ 

 tant vice presiden t in 
1969. 
Connor, born in S o l­ dier, Kansas, holds a ba­ chelor of business degree in business from Wash­ burn University, Topeka, and served in the Air 
Force. 
He and his wife, the former Iris dan Lloyd of 
S a lin a , K a n ., a re the parents of two sons. Ke- v iii C h a rles and Kelly 
Lloyd. 
Mrs 
Norwood joined 
Farm & Home’s local of­ fice in 
1959 and w as 

 elected assistan t se c re ­ tary in 1969 
Born in Mendoza. Tex., she attended the Univer­ sity of Texas in Austin. 
She and her husband 
Lester are the parents of 
Carroll and Leslie Kay. 
Miss King, a Mason, 
Tex. native, joined Farm 
& Home in 195o. She was em ploy ed by 
Dun 
& 
Bradstreet before joining 
Farm & Home. 
A San Antonio native, 
Mrs Smith joined Farm 
& Home in 1951. She has a son, Ja m e s. 

Question? Problem? 

A s k ActlO Il / E x p r e S S in the Son Antonio Express 

 room, a teller’s counter with four cu stom er s t a ­ tions, a s a f e d ep o sit vault, c u sto m e r lounge and private offices. 
F lo o rs a r e of brick p a v e rs in e a rth ton es, with kelly g re en and earth colored carpeting in offices and work areas. 
Wall coverings are in various colors of vinyl, anti c o n te m p o r a ry artworks and prints are displayed throughout the building. 
The b u ild in g is equipped with facilities for handicapped people. 
An autom atic elevator and stairs provide access to the secon d floor r e str o o m s, e m p lo y e s' lounge, conference room, a d m in istra tiv e o ffices, mechanical and storage sp a c e , a s well a s the community room. 
Drive-up window 
A drive-up window is at the building’s northwest corner. P aved p ark in g a r e a s su rro u n d the bu ild in g p ro v id in g 7o spaces. 
L a n d s c a p in g w as d e ­ signed to create a park- like se ttin g with w a lk ­ w ay s su rro u n d e d bv earth mounds, trees and shrubs. 
The bu ild in g w as d e ­ signed by Brock-Mabrey and P a r t n e r s , C o rp u s 
Christi, and built by W K. 
Bellows 
(Construction 
Corp., 
Houston. 
Li nd- scaping and ulterior p la n tin g s w ere by 
Palmer Landscape Co. 
Farm & Home has been activ e in San Antonio since 1926. 

A 

 latin* Homa 

*** NA IOO? 41o 
EJ 

615 N.W. LOOP 41o 

J 

J * ' 

NEW NORTH 
SAN ANTONIO OFFICE OF farm Home 

N O W THROUGH APRIL 8 

W in one of ten 
Sony Color TVs 

A SONY a day ’til they’re given away! Every day during the 
Grand Opening a 1977 SONY color television set will be given to some lucky person 
Ten in all Register at the 
North San Antonio otfice now Only one winner per household, please. 
No purchase necessary. 

FREE G IF T S ! 
FREE JtyuAkmtU! 

Enjoy hee cottee and' cookies. Stick candy tor the children. Free gilts for a ll. . , meter sticks. . . magic sponges. . . high Hying helium filled balloons. lf * ? lr 

DIVIDENDS 
COMPOUNDED DAILY 
Paid or credited quarterly 

Join the fun! 

Come share in all of the 
Grand Opening excitement 
. . . prizes, tree gifts, refreshments and plenty of good, old fashioned hospitality 

Take a tour! 

We are looking forward to your seeing our beautiful new facilities— the spacious lobby and teller area, the colorful customer lounge and the large community room on the second level which is available without charge to all civic, school and fraternal groups. 

Farm Home 

Savings Association 

Open 

8 3 o a m — 4 3o pm 
MONDAY THRU THURSDAY 

8 3o am -5 OO pm 
TRIDAY 

N I VADA M IS S O U R I 

,»« <J yp lu 1 4 o OOO bv th * ESL 

61b N.W LOOP 41o • 349 3131 
DOWNTOWN OFFICE: 2o2 JEFFERSON • 22b 6771 

Across from Central Park Mall 

Featured speakers 

JUDGE CAROL HABERMAN and form er 
San Antonio m ayor W .W . McAllister will be featured speakers at the annual Con­ cordia Men s Dinner at 7 p.m. M onday. 
More than 2 o o members and guests are expected to attend the dinner in the 
Concordia Lutheran Church gymnasium, 
I 826 Basse Road. 
Dirty hanging linen out in soapland 

Miss Muir fai'oritc soup op era? I se this h an d y fitiide to catch up on the neck's events. 
ALL MY CHILDREN: 
B rooke w a s d e lig h te d when she and Danny a r ­ rived at their vacation ski lodge and had to sh a re the s a m e room . 
Phil and Tara had a tiff about p u n ish in g little 
Phil for p la y in g with 
Ph il’s gun. ( huck gav e 
Donna his m o th e r 's necklace for her b irth ­ day. but their date was ruined when a fo r m e r client co n fro n ted her. 
Anne ntxed the idea of having another baby. 
ANOTHER WORLD: 
Buss and Sharlene called it quits and she moved back to C h ad w ell. M i­ chael forced Molly to quit her job for J o h n and 
Olive, who were m arried. 
I n s ’ schem e to get Cor­ inne to leave town w as ruined when Brian made up with C orinne. B e lga plotted to get Iris to hire 
Rocky aw ay fro m the 
Cory’s, so that Sven can take his place. Evan de­ m an ded a law su it against Daryll for break­ ing and entering. Willis learned M ike w a s Dar- yll’s accomplice. 
AS 
TH E 
WORLD 
TURNS: 
Susan studied 
J i m ’s past for in fo rm a­ tion to use a s blackm ail should he fire her. John was frantic that the crib he bought for Andy would he traded to him, but the point} are searching for a woman who bought the sam e type crib. Valerie w as m iffed that R alp h allowed Bob to a ss u m e they w ere m o re than friends. J o y c e ’s plan to hide to m ake 
Don come around m ad e him confess his concern for her. 
DAYS OF OUR LIVES: 
Neil and G re g hired a r e p la c e m n e n t for V a ­ leric. Betty Worth Under sodium pen tat hoi, Trish c o n fesse d sh e k illed 
J a c k . But L a u r a and 
M arietta d e c id e d they couldn’t reveal the truth until Trish is well. Neil, 
D reg and T o m a r e all being considered a s the new Chief-of-Staff. Hope traded a doll for another girl s baby broth er b e­ cause she m issed Bougie. 
Bill considered going into pediatrics. 
THE DOI TORS: Jason insisted he’ll hound Paul until he c o n f e s s e s the 
Dancy murder. Paul was haunted by his prom ise to dying Stacy to tell the truth. M aggie and Kyle began an affair. Sara ad ­ mitted she’s still in love with a m a rrie d doctor. 
Dr. Brandt brought Mar- yelicn to Madison lo meet 
Althea 
E le a n o r a sk ed 
Luke to move out for a few w eek s w hile her daughter Wendy v isited 
THE 
E D G E 
OK 
NIGHT: Nancy confessed everything to Mike. But he didn’t believe she did it b e c a u s e of T im m y , whom he b eliev ed had never been threatened. 
Tony convinced Deborah that S te v e is a crook . 
Nicole w a s a d v is e d to stay in a n ursin g home until the baby is born 
G E N E R A L 
HOSPI 
I IL: T e r n d e v e lo p e d c e re b r a l h e m a to m a . 
Mark grew suspicious of what happened between her and Mary Ellen the day of T e r n ’s accident. 
Steve was frustrated he couldn’t comfort Jeff as a father Peter learned that 
Mike blam es himself for the fire that killed his parents. 
GUIDING 
LIGHT: 
Mike and the D.A, p re­ sented th e ir c lo s in g st a t e m e n ts and R o ger grew desperate tiiat Rita 

Soap 
Opera 
Revlew 

By JON MICHAEL REED 

7 

 would go to p rison for shielding him. Ja c k ie hid her feelings for J u s t in , who told her to sto p p la y in g g a m e s with 
Mike. 
LOVE OF LIFE: Su zanne swallowed an open safety pin and Andrew recommended a d a n g e r­ ous operation. He a lso suspected the identity of the hit-and-run d r iv e r. 
Felicia considered a plan to have her baby secretly and announce that it was adopted — until Charles told her n ever to be a fr a id to tell him the truth about anything. Cal admitted to Rick she be­ lieves Meg is still in love with Rick. 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Dorian’s detective traced 
M rs. M a c G ru d e r and 
K evin to M in n e a p o lis. 
K a re n a g re e d to pay 
Marco hush money not to reveal they’d once been arrested (she got off with a light sentence after in­ forming against Marco). 
Peggy gave Brad a $5,ooo check and a lot of loving. 
Alan forced Cathy to re­ m em ber that sh e ’d left 
K evin with the 
MaeG Hiders. 
RYAN’S HOPE: 
J il l and Seneca named their baby Edmund Strong Co­ leridge. The baby d e v e­ loped a m e m b ra n e d i s ­ ease. Mary fum ed that 
Ja ck distorted their re­ lationship while filing his ann u lm en t s t a t e m e n t . 
Pat and Dee set a w ed­ ding date. 
SEARCH 
FOR 
TO­ 
MORROW: 
Jo h n w a s c le a r e d a fter J e n n i f e r confessed under narco- synthesis and w as insti­ tutionalized. Walter was sent packing and Jo h n comforted Stephanie. Li­ za flew to C aliforn ia to straighten out the love- nest rumors about Steve and Kitty, which K itty had startl'd herself. 
THE 
YOUNG 
AND 
THE R E ST L E SS: 
J e n ­ nifer convinced Stu to hire J a c k . L a n c e told 
Vanessa not to interfere in his m a r r i a g e to 
Laurie. Hay gave .Ioann a diamond friendship ring. 
(Ired defended S n ap p e r at the hospital board re­ view by presen tin g ev i­ dence against the artifi­ cial prolonging of life. 
Send your q u e s t io n s about soap o p e r a s to 
" T u n e in T o m o r r o w ," 
Box 2171, San A ntonio, 
T e x ., 78297. Q u e stio n s cannot be answered per­ sonally, hut those* of gen­ eral interest will be ans­ wered i i i future columns. 

Oil boom in Nixon i rn area seen 

By BILL CUNNINGHAM 
EXPRESS N E W S STATE EDITOR 

NIXON — “ I predict that between the 
Wilson County line and the Mag Field, with 
Nixon almost in the center, there will be between 4oo and 5oo oil wells drilled in the next few years.” 
That’s what Al Dugan, president of Anglo Explor­ ations. said here Friday night. 
Dugan was the principal speaker at the annual 
Nixon Chamber of Com m erce banquet at the A m er­ ican Legion Hall. 
Rival 
And a friendly rival of D ugan’s. Cecil Hagen of 
Geological Research Corp., said he believes the area can be better than the North Slope of Alaska Hagen. who was attending the banquet, responded to a question from the audience. 
Hagen has been active in the sam e area as Dugan 
Dugan’s main theme was the oil to be found in the 
Austin chalk and Buda limestone formations. 
He said few people believed in 1972 oil would be found in good quantities in suc h formations, but his first well ni'ar Poth cam e in at 1,1oo barrels a day. 
Sparked interest 
“ This i s considered the well that created the first real interest in the Buda limestone,” hi* said 
He also predicted as drilling develops in the Nixon area, other oil reservoirs will be discovered. 
He said the formation extends to five or six miles north of here and from the Wilson County line to the 
Mag Field. lie said Anglo Explorations already has leased more than 125.(MKI acre s in the Austin chalk-Buda limestone area. 
Nixon Mayor M arvin F o x w as presen ted the plaque given by the cham ber to the Nixon “ Man of the Y ear.” Fox has lived in Nixon 13 years and has been a member of City Council since 1965. 
Other plaques 
O ther p la q u e s w e re p r e se n te d to o u tgo in g ch a m b er president L e slie Cox, the Rev. Clinton 
Harris for his work with the Bicentennial Com m is­ sion and to merchant Hugo Ernst for being the most patriotic merchant during the Bicentennial year. 
The Rev. Mr. Harris presented special Bicentennial certificates to Bradley Avant, Robert Byrd. Odessa and Verna Dibrell, Robert Dwight, Clary Finch, Joan 
Moore, Bruce Patteson. Cleaton Stewart. Ja m e s E 
Talley, Rudy Valdez, Rosalee Wenske, Dixell Wheat and Julia Vanes. 
Entertainment for the program included singing by the Moore Sisters of Nixon and the Joyful Noise­ m akers of Union Valley. 

H I 
SHARON TUCKER 
ATHENA PAIZ 

WL 

I 

EILEEN MCKEONi 
KRISTINE BOEKE 
4 more enter spelling bee 

Four more San Antonio youngsters have su bm it­ ted their names for the 
San Antonio News 1977 
Regional Spelling Bee to be* held April 3o at Incar­ nate Word College. 
L a te s t to en ter the spelling competition are 
Sharon Tucker, IO, a fifth grader at Colonial Hills 
E le m e n t a r y ; 
Kristine* 
Boeke, ll, a fifth grad er at Locke Hill Elementary 
School; Athena Paiz. IO, a fifth grader from High­ land Park E le m en tary and 
Eileen 
T h e r e s a 
McKeon. ll. an Our Lady of Perpetual Help Catho­ lic* School six grader. 
Deadline for entering the spelling contest is 
April 22 All public, pri­ v ate, and p a r o c h ia l schools in Bexar County and 
14 su rro u n d in g counties may submit one contestant. 
The schools planning to subm it a school c h a m ­ pion must register the 

 with the 
Editor in c om pet i- 

 y o u n g ste rs 
Spelling Bee advance of the 
Hon 
A p p ro x im a tely 
299 youngsters will in* vying for valuable prizes sta rl­ ing with a six-day, all- expense-paid trip to W a­ shington. D C . for the national spelling beefin- ais. The News provides the trip and the regional chump is accom panied by a News staff member. 
First-place winner will also receive a handsome 
Zenith stereo system be­ ing provided by the Joe 
Theile Co., local d istri­ bu to rs of Zenith pro- ducts. 
Second prize is a 
3o-volume set of Enc>- clopcdia Britannica. 
The youngster placing first through tenth blethe competition will receive valuable prizes and all youngsters who partici­ pate will receive spelling bee certificates and Ex- press-News pens. 

The San Antonio 

Star— That's 
Entertainment! 

 in the Sunday Express-News 

C h o u s e 

<3+ \ 
WE ACCEPT 

FOOD STAMPi 
COUPONS 

C h 
* 

" O o s f 

" O u s t 

H O O S * 

” o o * 1 

 y m m 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

NEW—USED—fLOOR DEMO'S—REPOS 

LFD BUDGET CARNIVAL SALE MEANS SAVINGS LIKE NEVER BEFORE TRUCKS 
KEEP ROLLING IN WITH BOTH NEW AND USED MERCHANDISE MANY ITEMS 
ONE OF A KIND SO HURRY FOR BEST SELECTIONS... 

CHAISE 
LOUNGERS 
2 HME— 2 ORANGE 
*2o 

 r eclin er s 

 f r o m $2oC 

NEW MISMATCHED 
KING SIZE BEDDIA 

$ 1 I S p e r s e t 
WALNUT OR MAPLE 
CHESTS s32 

FAMOUS NAME BRANDS 
BASSITT - BROYHILL - MAYTAG - SEALY - SIM. 
MONS - WHIRLPOOL - BERNHARDT - DIXIE - INTER­ 
NATIONAL - ZENITH - SUNBEAM AND MANY OTHE- 

WE SUGGEST YOU BRING YOUR TRUCKS 
AND TRAILERS. DUE TO THESE GREAT 
PRICES AND SAVINGS DELIVERY OPTIONAL. 

NEW SLIGHTLY DAMAGED 
GOLD GAS RANGE 
$ O ?°o 
T 9 
ONE ONLY 

USED FEDDERS 7,ooo BTU 
AIR CONDITIONER 

ONE ONLY 

LARGE SELECTION 
OF LOVE SEATS 

FROM * 
5 
o 
AND UP 
SWAG LAMPS 
$* roo r n rn each 

FRAMED PICTURES 
AND MIRRORS 
S I T 
FROM 
I a AND UP 

LARGE SELECTION 
OF NEW 
NITE STANDS 
$ 1 5 rn rn AND UP 

HOLLYWOOD BED 
TWIN SIZE COMPLETE 

SOLID MAPLE HEADBOARD 

FRAME-MATTRESS 

& BOX SPRINGS 
$fl IN 
* 
I W 
COMPLETE 

8 Pc. 
BEDROOM COMPLETE 

HEADBOARD & FOOTBOARD 

CHEST-MIRROR- 

DRESSER-FRAME 

BOX SPRING-MATTRESS 

CARPETS! 

VINYL 
|5 Pc.— 7 Pc.— 9 Pc. 
DINETTES 

LARGE SELECTIONS 

FROM 
AND UP 

8 " x l2 K 
*48 

9‘ x l2 S 
*68 

1 2 x 1 o = , *6o 

9*xl2SK. *6o 

3 PC. LIVING 

ROOM SUITE 

SOFA-CHAIR 
AND SWIVEL ROCKER 

GUARANTEED LOWEST FURNITURE PRICES ANYWHERE 

EASY, EASY 
CREDIT TERMS 
AVAILABLE 
BUDGET 
FURNITURE 

PLENTY OE 
FREE PARKING 

CHANCE ACCOUNT 

GIT SI OOO INSTANT CREDIT IF YOU NAVI A 
VALID MASTER CHARGE BANKAMIRICARD 
ARE EMPLOYED, OF LEGAL AGE 
H AVE A 
LISTED PHONE A VAUD DRIVERS LICENSE AND 
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. 
2o55 W. MALONE 

To have your problem solved or a ques­ tion ' unaltered % write Action-Express, P.O. 
Hot 2171* Son Antonio, TX 7S297. 
Surplus fuel 

Last Saturday I flew my airplane to Dallas. I landed at the airport in Lancaster, a small town just south of Big D. 
The fuel truck cam e out and the linebny put 1o.5 gallons of gas in the left wing tank. 
Ile then asked if he could put th*’ other half gallon in my other wing tank since I would be charged for it anyway. 
It turns out that tenths of a gallon from one half up. the customer pays for a full gallon; from four tenths of a gallon and below, the customer is not barged. 
Their fuel truck meters gallons only, not dollars and cents so I figured someone is too dumb or too lazy to figure out fractions. 
At the price of aviation gas. I think that is a real rip-off and is probably illegal since they are also collecting the state and federal tax on gasoline they don't deliver. 
Five cents of that lax on aviation g a s is T exas’ road fund tax and is refundable to aircraft owners 
Now. aren’t they forcing me to break the law if I collect a refund on that portion of the state tax that was not paid? lf the operation at the Lancaster airport isn t illegal, it is, at least, unethical. 
I fly all over Texas and the United States and know of no other airport that does this. 
Wha! does the state comptroller’s office think about this practice? 
It. D. 

A spokesman from the 
Motor Vehicle Division of the State Comptroller’s 
Office for 
Public 
Accounts in Austin said this practice does not violate any of their regu­ lations or laws. 
"The taxes are paid to the state by the m ajor distributors with the cost eventually passed on to the c u sto m e r,” the spokesman said. 
“ Motor fuel division regulations call for a five cent tax levy for each gallon or FRACTION OF 
A GALLON, rounding up to the next gallon.*’ he said. 
A spokesman from the 
Attorney G en eral’s Of­ fice said the State De­ partment of Agriculture was in ch arge of m ain tain ing m etering devices in Texas and it could have some regula­ tions concerning this. 
The A griculture De­ partment's weights and m e a su re s su p erv iso r checked with Austin and in National B ureau of 
Standards Handbook No. 
44 and said there was nothing requiring price- computing elements or meters on fuel trucks be cause they provide hulk tank delivery. 
"In fact, the only thing 

 required Is for them to m eter gallon s. ” the supervisor said. 
“ The m eter does not have to even break it down into parts of g a l­ lons,’’ he said. 
But since this fuel truck does break it down to parts of gallons, “ it should not be rounding off.’’ the supervisor said. 
A spokesman from the 
Lan caster airport said they would not change the p ractice b ecause, 
“ We have always done it and no one has c o m ­ plained. This is the first one.” 
“ All our regu lar p a ­ trons keep coining back so they are not d is a p ­ pointed.” the spokesman said. “ It can work for them too.” 
The supervisor said lf you filed a com plaint, mailed the Agriculture 
Department your name, a d d ress and telephone number and the receipt, they would check out the complaint. 
“ We will take the ne­ c e ssa ry actio n ,” the supervisor said. 

NOTE: AC TION EX 
DRESS CHECKED WITH 
THE 
COMPLAINANT 
AND 
A COMPLAINT 
HAS BEEN FILED. 
A ctors address* 
I wonder if you could furnish me with the mailing address of Sam m y Davis J r . I have some material I would like to submit to him. 
I tried a few sources in San Antonio, seeking the above information, particularly a couple of the television stations. 
I also tried to get the required address from the lx»s Angeles Cham ber of Commerce, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope for reply. 
They did not see fit to answer which I thought was pretty crummy. lf you can secure Sam m y ’s address for me it would be much appreciated, that is. if I would not lie putting you to too much trouble. h . C. 
A spokesman from the 
Blvd.. Hollywood. Calli., 
9oo45. 
Be sure to m ark 
‘ ‘ please forw ard to 
Sammy Davis J r . ” on the envelope. They will see that Mr. Davis gets your material. 

★CAPTAIN'S BID COMPLETE 
__________* 2 5 o 
USED AUTOMATIC GE WASHER 
* 1 7 5 

★ 7-PC. BASSETT DINING ROOM SUITE on o m it.. *47 5 
USED 3 ZENITH CONSOLE STEREO'S 
$ 7 o 

SOUD MARI MADMAN) 
$« *S O 
★ 1o-PC. BERNHARDT DINING ROOM SUITE ! 2 9 o 
USED 21" B&W ZENITH TV W/BASE 
*5o 

HEAOflOARtMMRtOt 
O m A a s 
★ 5-PCbrl3S?°"m"ssh 
*128 
7-PC.NEW BASSETT BAMBOO BEDROOM SUITE *388 

Express’ television de­ partment told Action-Ex­ press you could contact 
S am m y D avis J r . by writing the Screen Actors 
Build 
Send your material to the guild, 775o Sunset 
Publi8hing poems 

I have a collection of about 35 poem s, both rhyming and unrhyming. 
My poems are about things like death, friends, certain anim als and love. 
I would like to know how I can get them published in magazines, newspapers or anything 
Could you please give me some direction on this problem' 

San Anlonio has sever­ al publishers you could subm it your poems to. 
You could take your ma­ terial by and ask them for their advice on the best place to subm it them. 
Another source would be the “ W riter’s M ar­ ket,” a hook which is up 

K ii dated yearly. 
The book lists all m a­ gazin es, perio dicals which buy material on a free-lance basis. It also lists som e prices, addresses and contacts at each of the magazines. 
The hook is available at most book stores and re­ tails for about SIS.95. 
Fiesta 
Help! We art* all confused up here about the dates for your Fiesta San Antonio celebration. When are the exact dates? 
Also, what are the important events and when will they bt* held? 
CONFUSED IN NEW BRAUNFELS 
Fiesta San Antonio is 
April 15-24. Major events during the (estival are the Fiesta River Parade, the night of April 18; 
Night in Old San Antonio starts April ll; the cor­ onation of the queen is 
April 21; the Battle of 

Flowers Parade is April 
22; the fiesta flambeau is 
April 23 
Incidentally, Fiesta is always held during the week including San J a ­ cinto Day, April 21, in com m em oration of the 
Battle of San Jacinto. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy Morch 27 I 977 
Poge I I -D 
Sex, chauvinism spell success for upstart airline 

SPtCIAl TO TM* EXPRESS N EW S 
DALLAS — Business tycoon 
Diane von Furstenberg recently told a reporter after flying 
Southwest Airlines from Hous­ ton to Dallas that she was in­ sulted at the am bience of 
Southwest. 

In fact, the designer who has sharply affected the dress business in this country and is proprietor of a $15o million business, said she couldn’t be­ lieve the hostesses are still wearing hot pants and were giving flight instruc­ tions in language akin to baby talk. 
She has not been alone in noting that 
Southwest prays on chauvinism. 
But controversy, whether in the form of $13 fare battles against Braniff In- 

FORECAST 

 ternational, constant court battles with 
Dallas and Fort Worth over the air­ line’s right to land at Love Field in 
Dallas, or the so-called “chauvinistic" attitudes, has been one of the reasons for the airline’s success. 
It has kept the airline in the public eye and championed it as the David vs. the Goliaths of the business. 
The airline, for example, has paid more than $2.5 million in legal fees since the court battles began in the late 
196os. “We can justify half of this ex­ penditure as publicity.” cracks M. 
Lamar Muse, president and chief exe­ cutive officer. 
“ So w’hy change a good thing," he says when questioned about the air­ line’s new and potentially controver­ sial advertising campaign launched this month to introduce customers to its new markets in Lubbock. El Paso, 

Sunday 

C on tro v ersy has k ep t B ran iff in the 
E ublic ey e and ch a m p io n ed it as the lavid vs. the Goliaths o f the business 

Rom 
C S H 

S,o,'ono,V Occluded 

 ret show 

P t f O ' u ' t t 

O H O 

N A T IO N A L W EATH ER SERVICE 
N O A A U S Dopt of Com m orth 

Corpus Christi, Midland-Odessa and 
Austin. 
“ You Can’t Make Love Four Times 
A Day In A Car.” reads one of the provocative newspaper ads running in 
Corpus Christi, a double entendre that might be more obvious to Dallasites than Corpus Christians. 
For those not in the know. one as­ sumes the ad means you can’t drive to 
Dallas’ Love Field from Corpus Christi four times a day, but you can fly that many times. 
It’s likely to raise a few eyebrows like another Soutwest Airlines’ cam ­ paign — the “ embody planem ent” billboards created by The Bloom 
Agency for its client in 1975. 
The flying woman, a takeoff on Che figurehead on the high bow of an Eng­ lish man of war, got so much criticism from women’s lib circles that Muse decided to take full advantage of the publicity and extend the life of the billboards to two years. The airline originally intended to keep them up for only six months. 
The new campaign, dubbed “We’re 
Spreading Love All Over Texas" and costing $75o,ooo, is in keeping with the original $75o,ooo advertising rollout 

 that established a “ personality” for the airline when it opened for business in June 1971. 
That initial campaign introduced an entirely new language to the airline industry. The company discarded the time-consuming ticketing system used by its com petitors for a “ love m a­ chine,” a sim ple cash register that rang up the ticket sale at the gate. 
Drinks were “ love potions,” and passengers got a “love stamp" if un­ happy with the service. They could trade in the “love stamp" during an­ other flight for a free drink — “trading in bad feelings for good ones," noted the airline. 
Muse says the com pany’s advertising tactic was to settle on a personality that would establish the airline as a fun one to fly — "young, friendly, refreshing and exciting," he says. Such a personality would be per­ fect for the businessman commuter the airline wanted to attract. 
The personality Southwest lit on was the very im age Mary W ells gave 
Braniff in the mid 6os when she had the planes painted in bright colors and put the stewardesses in Pucci outfits. 
But Braniff, which was Southwest^ 

 major competition in the Dalias-Hous- ton market, had dropped its “ swing­ ing" image in favor of a more subdued and sophisticated look. This left a va­ cuum in the market for a “ young” upstart. 
Southwest advertising, while not losing sight of the “ p ersonality profile," has responded to efforts by competitors to cut into its continually increasing market. 
For exam ple, when Southwest in­ creased its rates from $2o to $25 in 
1972, justifying the increase by taking out a row of seats to provide “ first- class leg room and free d rin k s,” 
Braniff dropped its rates the next day between Dallas and Houston from $28 to $2o, according to Southw est. A 
Braniff spokesman says the drop was from $27 to $2o. 
Southwest responded to the drop with, “ The Other Airlines May Have 
Met Our Price. But You Can t Buy 
Love” in a counter ad. Love at this point meant “ caring,” says a South­ west official Jess Coker, vice presi­ dent of m arketing, says this little- guy-vs.-the-big-guy posture helped the airline record two daily load records. 
Braniff matched the $25 Southwest fare several days later. 
Early the next year, Braniff an­ nounced a 6o-day. half-price “ Get 
Aquainted Sale” fare between Love 
Field and Houston’s Hobby. The new fare program discounted coach fare to 
$13 and first class to $17. 

Southwest countered with advertis­ ing captioned: “ Nobody’s Going to 
Shoot Southwest Airlines Out of the 
Sky for a Lousy $13." The airline kept its $25 Dallas-Houston rate, though gave away ice buckets and fifths of whisky to p assen gers. Southw est turned the corner financially with the 
$13 war, Coker says. 
Southwest met opposition once again from the Interstate carriers when it applied with the Texas Aeronautics 
Com m ission last year for the new markets. The standard complaint was that Southwest would take away the business of the traditional carriers in those markets, thu,s forcing them to cut flights. The local citizenry would then be left without connecting flights to distant points. 
Southwest, however, said its main competitor would be the automobile, reasoning ultimately accepted by the 
TAC and city officials in the new mar­ kets. 
The advertising attacks this long­ standing competitor — the automobile 
— with ads such as $25 For Gas or 
$25 For Love” or “ Dallas 7\ hours, $64 
(the cost of driving 4o9 m iles from 
Corpus Christi to Dallas at 15.89 cents per mile at an average speed of 52.5 mph); Dallas 95 minutes, $4o," (via 
Southwest). 
“So why drive to Dallas when you can fly? And on Southwest Airlines, you’ll get love! And that's a lot more fun than gas." 

Clouds cover state 

ASSOCIATED M IS S 
Gray clouds blanketed all of Texas Saturday as fog and rain combined to thwart any plans to get a jump on summer tans. 
Heavy thunderstorms belted parts of North and 
Southwest Texas while light rain fell on almost every other region of the state. 
W eathermen blamed the wet, drab conditions on an approaching upper air storm that was cen­ tered over Arizona Sa­ turday morning. 
Fog appeared through­ out the eastern two-thirds of the state during the morning hours. Much of 
North Central Texas and the Upper Coastal Plains had visibility reduced to less than a half m ile because of the fog and drizzle. 
T em peratures were largely in the 6os alth­ ough El Paso reported 53 degrees and show ers early in the afternoon while Victoria recorded 
73 degrees under cloudy skies at the same time. 
Winds were from dif­ ferent directions throughout the state at speeds of between IO and 
15 miles an hour. In the 
Guadalupe P ass, how­ ever, winds reached a speed of 4o m iles per hour. 

SA N A N T O N IO A N O V IC IN I 
T Y 
Cloudy with thunderstorm s lik e ly 
S u n d a y 
D e c r e a s in g clo u d in e ss Su n d a y nigh! 
F a ir 
M o n d a y 
M ild Su n d a y Through 
M onday. W inds southeaster elto 
I Y 
T h N ZW U - 
5os. High tem perature tor M on day in the upper 7os Sun rises ot 
6: JO and sets at 6 49 The m oon is new M oon rises at 11:51 a rn. and sets at 12.56 p m. Tem pera lures tor Saturday ranged from 
66 to 72 d e g r e e s 
( N a t io n a l 
W eather Se rvice forecost )ero- ture for o-day in the upper r the 24 hour period ending at 7 p rn. Saturday. .23 of an inch; for the month, 61 of an inch, for the year, 4.62 inches 
Accum ulated departure from norm al for the month, m inus 65 of an Inch, for the year, m inus 36 of an Inch. 
N O R T H T E X A S — O ccasional rom with a chance of thunder storm s Sundoy 
SO U T H T E X A S •" Cloudy with occasional light rain and scat tered thundershow ers Sunday 
W E S T T E X A S •" O c ca sio n a l s h o w e rs a n d a few th u n d e r storm s Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — R o in s h o w e r s will be general over the northern half of the P a c ific C o a st a n d northern Inter" m ountain region with snow in the high elevations. 
Sh o w e rs a n d o c c a sio n a l th u n ­ dershow ers will extend from the upper Great Lakes tkrough the 
O h io V o lle y , the M l s t i s s i p e general over the northern halt of the octfic oast and northern 
Inter m ountain region w ith sn o w in the h io h e 'e v o b o n s a i V o lle y and a c ro ss tke southern p la in s 
T e m p e ra tu re s will rem ain cool or cold from the 
P a c if ic 
C o a st t h r o u g h the 
In te r m o u n ta in s , o c r o s s the s o u th e r n r o c k ie s a n d lo w e r plains as well os the north plains 
In to N o r t h M in n e s o t a 
E ls e w h e re , t e m p e r a t u r e s w L H rem ain m ild 
T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low 
4 degrees below cero of 
Evanston. W vo 
High 85 degrees at Naples. FIO 

 m a r i n e 
W IN D S — W inds southeasterly from 8 to 18 mph 
T ID E S — P o rt A r a n s a s for 
M o n d a y h ig h tide w ill be at ti 32 a rn. and low tide will be at 
2.45 a m 
Port Isabel for M on day high tide will be at 12 31 a m and low tide will be at 3 34 a rn 

G R E A T E R SA N A N T O N IO 
San Anton.o 
66 
72 
-23 
SO UTH T E X A S 
Austin 
63 
69 
. 36 
Brow nsville 
72 
83 
OO 
C orpus Christi 67 
7? 
.oo 
Cotulla 
68 
72 
.13 
Del Rio 
65 
8o 
OO 
Junction 
63 
71 
.12 
Victoria 
66 
7S 
OI 
T E X A S 
Abilene 
SS 
64 
I 29 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

City 
Temproture 

Sun. 
Mon. 

A m arillo 
35-61 
3562 
Show ers, cooler 
Austin 
57 75 
58 76 
Cloudy, show ers 
Laredo 
6o-75 57 72 
Cloudy, show ers 
C orpus Christi 
65 8o 65-85 
Cloudy, show ers 
Victoria 
65 81 
64 84 
Cloudy, show ers 
D od os Fort Worth 
58 7o 
58 7o 
Rain 
M cAllen Brow nsville 67 82 
69-86 
Mild. show ers 
Houston 
6o 75 62 79 
Cloudy, thunderstorm s 

VALLEY PARK 
FOODS 

6126 WURZBACH 

CORNER of WURZBACH A EVERS 
OPEN 24 HOURS EVERYDAY! 

PRICK GOOD THRU TUES., MARCH 29th 

S O B R I N O S 

7243 BLANCO ROAD 
M ONDAY thru SATURDAY 8 o rn to 9 p rn. 

SUNDAYS 9 a rn to 8 p rn 

LIMIT RIGHTS RESERVED 

PLAZA 
SOOPERS 

11441 PERRIN-BEITEL 

CORNER of Naco Ptftin and Ptftin Btittl 
OPEN 24 HOURS EVERYDAY 

USDA CHOICE 

Alpine 
47 
54 
Am arillo 
52 
7o 
D ad as 
6o 
65 
El Paso 
51 
61 
Fort Worth 
6o 
65 
Houston 
63 
68 
Lubbock 
54 
66 
Lufkin 
6o 
Son Angelo 
58 
68 
W oco 
62 
67 
SO U T H W EST 
Denver 
33 
61 
Honolulu 
65 
82 
Lo s Angeles 
41 
69 
L a s V e ga s 
37 
66 
Phoenix 
45 
61 
Soh Lake City 27 
5o 
Son Otego 
46 
61 
SO UTH C E N T R A L 
K a n sa s City 
55 
67 
Louisville 
37 
72 
O klahom a City 58 
69 
St Louts 
44 
76 
W ichita 
6o 
72 
SO U T H E A S T 
Atlanta 
44 
B irm ingham 
43 
77 
Charleston 
51 
76 
Jacksonville 
43 
78 
New O rleans 
57 
79 
Raleigh 
31 
7o 
Richm ond 
33 
63 
Tam pa 
6o 
82 n o r t h w e s t 
Bism arck 
Boise 
Casper 
Helena 
Portland, Ore 
Rapid City 
San Francisco 52 
Seattle 
43 
Spokane 
35 
N O R T H C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
37 
68 
Detroit 
26 
47 
Duluth 
3o 
51 indianapolis 
M 
6* 
M ilw aukee 
33 
56 
M in n St Paul 
51 
64 
O m oho 
56 
TO 
Sit Ste M a rie 
18 
37 n o r t h e a s t 

GIFT 

Delight a young imagination with our adorable Gorham music boxes! 

Your C h o ic e * 1 1 .5 o 

 a. Baby ducks dane* to "to v * M a k *s Th* 
World G o Round." b. Baby rabbits bow to "Raindrops Keep 
Falling on My H ead." 

Open a Mission account or us* on* of five national credit plans 

Hasten Revolving (hgrge * M alott Custom (holy* lanRAmetKwd * Mastti (Haige e American lip id s 
Omen Club * Lode Blanche * layaway 

?241 Houston St. 
Daily IO til 5:3o MISSION 
^•jewelers 

South Patk 
Moll 
Daily IO Til 9 

Boston 
32 
Buffalo 
21 
C leveland 
22 
C olum bus 
3o 
New Y ork City 32 
Philadelphia 
32 
Pittsburgh 
22 
Portland, M e 
28 
W ashington 
35 

54 
39 
48 
6o 
53 
56 
52 
45 
58 

42oo 
44oo 
56 
IO 
IO 
IO 
4o 
4o 

OOoo 
o1 
14 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
.o2oo 
oo 

OO 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

.o3 
.oo 
oo 
oo 
OO 
ooco 
o2 
OO 

OO 
OO 
IO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
.oo 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

M-G USDA GRADE "A " 
MEDIUM 
EGGS 

F O R E IG N 
(B ase d on ob se rvation s token at 6 a rn Saturday San Antonio tim e Tem peratures are in Fo h renhelt (ledI and Centigrade I 

City 
For. 
Cent. 

Eight Convenient W ay s To Boy 

Aberdeen 
Am sterdam 
A n ka ra 
Antigua 
Athens 
Auckland 
Berlin 
Beirut 
B irm ingham 
Bonn 
B ru sse ls 
Cairo 
Casablanca 
Copenhagen 
Dublin 
G eneva 
H ong Kong 
Lisbon 
I on don 
M odrid 
Molto 
M onilo 
M oscow 
New Delhi 
Nice 
Oslo 
P o n s 
Peking 
Rom a 
Saigon 
Seoul 
Sofia 
Stockholm 
Sydney 
Taipei 
Teheran 
Tel A vty 
Tokyo 
Tunis 
Vienna 
W arsaw 
SO UTH A M E R IC A 

Asuncion 
Buenos A irts 
Lim o 
M ontevideo 
Rio D e Janeiro 

75 
/J 
TO68 
79 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n te m p e ra tu re s a p p ear in both F a h re n h e it a n d 
Centigrade or C elsius. F a h re n h e il is liste d f ir s t in e a c h column day high tide will be at 
Acapulco ......... 72/22 
9o/32 
Guodototora 
...54/12 
M /29 
Mo/otton 
...... 55/13 
77/25 
M exico City ,.,, 55/13 
77/25 
M onterrey ......68(2o 
81/27 

Sell no longer needed household 
Item s in the 
Express-News 

_ 
Want Ads 

225-1666 

DOZEN 

DAIRY FRESH 
HOMOGENIZED 
EMILK g o ft-GAL. 
CTN. 

THE KING OF BEERS 
BUDWEISER 
BEER 
6-PAK 
CANS $138 

GOOD VALUE 
PINTO 
BEANS 3 
2-LB. 
BAGS 

FRESH BAKED 
CHOCOLATE CHIP 
COOKIES 3o $ i 
FOR 

CRISP CALIFORNIA ICEBERG ssIT'S DIGESTIBLE" 
CRISCO 
SHORTENING 
H38 m 
LIMIT I m 
PLEASE 

3-LB. 
CAN 

< 
I 
I 

We’re clearing out all Floor 

 e 9 * $ I 5 9 

,n*/odei 

Refrigerator 

 u ia I 6 c u b ic 
^ e W in a t o r b ig 

 w i t h s e p a f a t e 

 i o . . , * * * • ■ 

 n n n ’t m iss this. 

COLISEUM CLEARANCE CENTER 

S o n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a r c h 2 7 . 1 9 7 7 

STEREO! 

 ll I lit I I I 17 iT iT rifflli'iM 225*4o4o 
OPEN W-kdoyt IO to J ond Sundog 12-7 | f CLOSED Soturdoyt 

 e c M 
M u C b o l 
& 

EXPRESS-NEWIS 
S c e n e 

March 27 1977 
Page I -E 
Time is your key to money 

I niters ta tid in g th e r e la tio n s h ip b e t u e e n time anil m o n ey has been the hey lo building fortunes. In this first o f J iv e articles ex cerp ted from the boid « 
I h e bi o n o m ies of B e i n g a 

 ll o m a n by D ee D e e A h e m a ith 
Betsy Bliss. you n ill fin d a sim ple 
"aide to accum ilia ting f rom $ 3 o .o o o lo s.HHI.(KHI. I h e series n ill continue in the bvt tress. 

The one thing each of us has equally today is time — all hu­ man being have equal rights in time. The difference is in how we use our tim e — and how many days we will have to use it. 

T im e is the m ost valuable m oney tool you will have throughout life. It probably is 

Facing the new realities 

Never before have money ma tters been as important to women as they are today. 
Family counselors say money is one of the greatest sources of family dis­ cord. Psychiatrists and psychologists say economic pressures are at the root of much mental illness, even suicide. 
Money has replaced sex as our most powerful hangup. And. like sex. money means different things to each of us. 
F r o m ch ild h ood , a ma n is p r o ­ grammed for financial responsibility. 
It is interwoven with his sel f-im ag e and su ccess image. 
In affairs erotic and economic, men are supposed to do and women ar e supposed to be done to. The man is the active, responsible, dominant partner. 
The woman is passive, dependent in tin- dictionary sen se: sub ord inated, suspended. 
This economic double standard per­ sists at the same time our sexual re­ volution teaches that men and women have equal sexual rights, responsibi­ lities and obligations. l ins double standard skews Women s a s s u m p t i o n s about t h e i r e c o n o m i c roll's as well as society’s views of the economics of being a woman. 
Our girlish dreams for a knight to care for us are a fantasy. Knights are practically extinct. 
I ii re a lity , chances are a w o m a n w ill ta ke a husband not only for better or worse, but m o re or less in debt. 
And in th e s e d ay s of m u l t i p l e marriages, she c a n ’t count on a life­ time allowance aux more than she can bank on finding a man not already loaded down with alimony and child- support payments. 

M o r e o v e r , in t h e s e i n f l a t i o n a r y times, few families can afford to have only one breadwinner. 
Yet our laws and customs still prem- sume that a woman will be married to the same man for her lifetime, in con­ trast to the realities, which show that today's women are not and cannot be dependent on a man: 
• 
42 per cent of working women are single, widowed, or divorced. 
• 
There are IO million widows in this county; the incidence of widowhood has increased IO per cent since 195o. 
• 
The incidence of divorce has in­ creased IOO per cent since 195o; 455 of every 1.ooo m a rria g e s end in divorce. 
• 58 p er cen t of w ives w ork. c o n tr i­ buting 25 to 4o per cent of their fam ilies’ incomes. 
Even though 58 per cent of the women 

 iii the work fo rt e are m ar ri ed , many still c a n ’t bring the m se lv es to admit they intend to work for a lifetime. And, until now. such an admission by a single woman has been tantamount to an ack­ nowledgment of spinsterhood. 
But all this is changing, and swiftly. 
Women are educating themselves about the mechanics of money. And this new k n o w le d g e will c o n t in u e to b r i n g changes. 
She has become an important and a c­ tive economic contributor to the econ­ omy. Her goal is not to divide herself from other women or from the men with whom she has shared and built her life, husband, son. father, friend, or business associate. 
Her goals and desires remain the same — to build a better life for herself aud lier family. 
— B E E B E E AHERN and BETSY HEISS. 

 j— By---------------------------- 
DEE DEE AHERN 

 with BETSY BLISS 

 the one money tool you never have thought about or even considered. 
To plan your economic future effectively you will need to understand the use of this money tool. 

Time should be at the foun­ dation of your economic life; it is vital to understanding the mathematics of your insurance plans, pension funds. Social 
Security deposit, and re tire ­ ment plans. 

It is the key to determining your human life value. 

You don't have to be an Ein­ stein to understand the econo­ mic concept of time. To help you understand the high cost of overlooking or losing time, this 
1o-Year Goal Plan chart shows what you can accu m ulate by putting a value on yourself of only 52 cents an hour. 

This time and money plan is fascinating as well as startling. 

 lf you put aside 52 cents an hour for 8 hours a day, 7 days a 

I ii ii society that e n c o u r ­ ages a n d trains us ca refu lly in progressive d e b t , it is im ­ portant to train ourselves in p ro gress!re a c c u m u la lion. 

 vvebk. you will be accumulating 
$125 a month, or $1,5o1) a year. 

And if you put this money to work at 7 l -2 per cen t c o m ­ pounded continuously ( t hat this, at 7.o per cent effective annual yield) for only ll) years, you will accumulate the sums 

EIM OS SATURDAY, 
APRIL 2. 

 fur balun, duwntovvn and 

 h o i Iii star mall. 

FROST'S FUR SALE 

MAHY CATHERINE 
B E L L 

CLAIRE ( RAVENS 
DEWAR 

KINsl OE LOI ISE 
KELLEY 

Meet the visiting court fo r Fiesta coronation 

...Story on Edge 3-E 

EM ILY 
BROWN 
L O H S E CRAIG 
KROWN 

K NRK VR \ J E Y S 
MI K( BISON 
RANNE J ANE 
MI NYANS 
REDWINE 
SMUK 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 
How to accumulate $3o,ooo to $3oo,ooo 

V 
\ 
> 
J " 
■ ■ 
.V 
% 

Continued from Page I E 

 shown in the first of the two ac­ companying charts (at right). 
( sing this as a basis of human life value you can see that if you began to value your time at age 2o 
— for only IO years — you would have $334,o23 at age o5' lf you waited until age 3o to e s­ tablish your human life value, you could accumulate $15o,157 — a substantial amount. But you can se e that you would lose 
$177,ooo by losing IO years’ time 
To d eterm ine how much you would have if you deposited this 

 amount annually until age o5. add the balance of the years. For ex­ ample, if you started at age 2o and continued depositing until age o5, (as you would do under 
Social Security, the m axim um deposit today being over $1,7oo a n n u a lly ) you would have 
$7oo,789. lf you started at 4o and contin­ ued until o5, you would have 
$11o,oo9, starting at 5o to o5 you would have $43,oo5. 

Parents or grandparents plan­ ning a child’s future could start at birth; $1,528,29o could be accu­ 

 mulated at o5 after only IO years 
(o-1o) of deposits. 
These figures are based on 7 12 per cent interest, an amount gur- anteed by most banks and sav­ ings and loans today. 
Smaller 
You can see the power of money over time even more vividly by comparing the difference only one year makes. 
The chart assumed that the 
$1,5oo annual deposit was made at the beginning of the year. But if these deposits were made at the end of the year, the accumulation 

THE SUMMER SHOE as we see it. Patent teamed with textured leather and gleamed 
With gold. From Nunn Bush in white, beige, brown, navy or black, 44.oo. Men’s Shoes. 

FROST'S MAN'S WORLD 
K r- 
o 

Downtown and North Star Mall. p f rf 
Ss rn 

& 
% 
J y i 
4 y e fit 

 over time would be significantly smaller. 
If you accumulate between ages 
2o and 3o, the one-year difference between depositing at the begin­ ning and the end of each year will net a gain or loss of $24,462 at age 
65. 
, 
To use your money tool of time most effectively you also should be aw are of the differen ce a seemingly small change in inter­ est rates can make in your total accumulation. 
Too many of us leave our money in low interest-paying vehicles. 
We shrug our shoulders as if to say, "What difference can I p e r cent really make?" A big differ­ ence, that’s what. 
Again, to use our IO-Year Time and Money Goal Plan, if you de­ p osit^ this at 6 i , per cent in­ stead of 7 per cent, you would have accumulated the amounts shown in the second chart. 
Shockingly less, for the sam e time (IO years), same amount of money (52 cents an hour), but different interest rate. 
If you would like to figure what you could accumulate at other rates, use the rule of 72 to deter­ mine approximately how long it takes your money to double. Just divide the percentage into 72; 
4 per cent divided into 72 
IS years to double 
5 per cent divided into 72 
14 years to double 
6 per cent divided into 72 
12 years to double 
8 per cent divided into 72 
9 years to double 
12 per cent divided into 72 
6 years to double 
For example, if you are 45 and have $1o,o(111 earning 4 per cent, you will have accum ulated ap­ proximately $2o,ooo at age 63 (18 years to double). 
If you have that same money earning a guaranteed 7 per cent, you will have accumulated o\er $4o,ooo by age 65. 
Same money, different interest. 
Increase in asset: $2o,ooo. 
The c harts are computed with­ out laking taxes into account. 
Automatic 
One other thought on time and money: What whatever money tool you use. I encourage an auto­ matic transfer from from check­ ing account, payroll deduction, or other automatic device. 
Social Security, pension funds, insurance companies, and the In­ ternal Revenue Service use this 

/ — 
" N 

IO YEAR GOAL PLAN AT 7 V2 P E R CENT 

Deposit from ages: 
By age 63 you will accumulate: 

o IO 
$1,328,29o 

IO 2o 
714,482 

2o-3o 
334.o23 

3o IO 
156,157 

4o -5o 
73.oo4 

5o 6o 
34.129 

6o-63 (5 years only) 
9.476 

IO YEAR GOAL PLAN AT 6V4 P E R CENT 

Deposit (rom ages: 
By age 65 you will accumulate: 

OJO 
$631,2o3 

1o-2o 
339.495 

2o-3o 
182,599 

3o-4o 
98,211 

4o-5o 
32.823 

5o-6o 
28,411 

6o-65 
8,815 

Ti 

 system. When the insurance in­ d u stry started d irect bank transfers for private insurance p la n s, p olicy la p se s dropped markedly. 
Get yourself on automatic be­ cau se new patterns and d is c i­ plines — (in other words, good habits) — are difficult to start and maintain. Habits rule our lives, as anyone who has tried to quit smoking or give up desserts can attest. 
You have to get hooked on the good habit of accumulating for yourself. lf you set your mind to it, it’s possible. One man and wife de­ termined to get out of the habit of spending beyond their means put themselves on a cash-only basis — and at the end of every day put their excess cash in a kitty which went into savings account. After 

 only a few years, they not only had drastically reduced their volume of monthly bills and dunning let­ ters but had saved $3o,ooo! 
Exp<r e l a t i o n s 
The task takes a healthy dose of great expectations. Most of us never imagine we could accum u­ late $3o,ooo to $3oo,ooo or more over our lifetim es because we think of ourselves as staying for­ ev er on a s u b s is te n c e -le v e l merry-go-round 
Yet in a society that encourages and trains us carefully in pro­ gressive debt, it is important to train ourselves in progressive accumulation 
MONDAY’S EXPRESS: F in d ­ ing your true economic potential 

Excerpted b y of Mocfmlki* Pubbstw g Co , 
Inc . from 
TH# f c anom ic * o f B o ing a W o m a n b y D o t 

D e * Ah# m . w ith B e tty Bbs* C o p y rig h t (c) 1976 b y 

Do# A h orn a n d B e tty B b l* AM right* re s e rv e d 
Club to honor military queens 

Military-Civilian Club will hold its Fiesta Tea honoring the nine m ili­ tary queens front 3 to 4:3o p.m. Monday in the home of Mrs. Travis Moursund. 

The recon mg line w ill 

 include Jerom e K. Har­ ris. president of Fiesta 
Commission San Antonio; the hostess; Mrs. Claude 
Nabors, civilian presi­ dent; 
Mrs. 
George 
Wallace, military presi­ dent. and Mrs. Geoffrey 

Wiedeman. sponsor of the military queens. 
T he 5th A rm y Band 
Combo w ill p lay. The honorary presidents and v ice p resid en ts of the club will serve. 
T hey w ill be beard 

 members of the club and past p resid en ts, p resi­ d en ts of organizations participating in Fiesta 
1977, and w ives of the m ilita r y co m m a n d er s and of the Fiesta Com* mission board members 

CET DOWN TO ‘BODY BASICS' WITH ARAMIS 
FROST'S MAN'S WORLD 

Of course, you know about the Aramis fragrance. Cool, alive and reeking of success. But there s more. A complete body plan. To koep you at the optimum. Fragrant Soup, with rich sudsing power, box of 3 cakes, 1o.5o. Muscle 
Soothing Soak, turns a bath into a seagreen spa. lti-oz., 1o.oo. 
Scrub Set, sponge and 8-oz. Invigorating Body Shampoo, 7.5o set. Cool 
Spray Talc gives cool protection, 6-oz., 5.5o. Stick Deodorant, 
2.75-oz., 3.75. 24-hour Natural Spray Antiperspirant, 3-oz., 4.oo. Spray 
Shower Oil, enriches the skin with oils. 2-oz., 1o.5o. Sports Splash, for a smoothing effect on hot. parched skin. 12-oz., B.5o. Get down to basics today in Cosmetics. Man s World, 
Downtown and North Star Mall, 

I 

FROST BROS 

Deb is presented 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977________ P a g e ___3-E 

 in spring setting 

DEBUTANTE, Miss Elizabeth Thomson 
W a lte rs , m akes bow 

PHOTO BV STI V I CAM PBEII 

Out-of-tONMl guests IU' eluded Mr. and Mrs Karl 
Pnnrbaugh, Som erset. 
Pa : Mr. and Mrs Tom 
Mastodon. Houston. H. 
T. Mastodon, -Dripping 
Springs; 
Mrs 
U M . 
Thomson. Austin; Mrs. 
.Joe 
M ertz and 
Katy 
Mertz. San Angelo. 
Out-of-town court follows tradtion 

Seven of the IO members of the Out-of-town Court i i i th e 
Order of the Alamo’s Coronation of tin* Queen have relatives who previously made their sweeping bows in the lavish ceremony. 

The Court o! the Voyage Extraor­ dinaire wilt he held at K p m Wednes­ day. 
A pril 
‘JO. iii 
M unicipal 
Auditorium . The identities of the 
Queen and Princess will be revealed on st age 
Out-of-town duchesses are M is s 
Mary Catherine Bell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs terry Areh Bell of Austin. 
M is s 
Elizabeth 
.lean 
Benison, daughter of Mr and Mrs Kenneth 
Edward Brinsell of Houston; Miss 
Emily Broun, daughter of Mrs ( bes­ ter M Goldman of Houston aud the late Frederick Lutcher Brown. 

( M i l e r s 
Also. Miss Louise Craig Brown, daughter of Mr. and Mrs J. Sage 
Burrows and Hubert I). Brown of 
Houston; Miss Claire Cravens Dewar of Nashville. Tent! . daughter of Mrs 
Koilin W King of Dallas aud Holier! L 
Dewar; M iss Patricia Hundolph Oates, daughter of Mr and Mrs. A P (bites of 
Houston 
\dd»ttonally. Miss Barbara Jeanne 
Murchison, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
.John I) Murchison of Addison; Miss 
Suzanne .Jane Red wine of Austin, daughter of Has Kedwioe and the late 
Mrs Reduine. Miss Mary Ann Smith, daughter id Mr. and Mrs 
Eugene 
Bragg Smith .Jr. of Dallas and the 
I- Bar s Hunch of Mesquite.; and Miss hmsloe Louise Kelley, daughter of Mr and Mrs 
Edward W. Kelley .Jr. of 
Houston 
M is s Bell is majoring in social web fare at the University of Texas and is a member of Pi Beta Phi 
She was a duchess in the Waco Cotton Palace, and was presented as a debutante by tile Bachelors id Austin 
Travels 
Two trips abroad have taken M iss 
Bell to Europe aud Ireland Relatives in previous Coronations of the Queen include her motlier, an aunt and a cousin. 
Miss Bent sen is studying advertising aint art in the University of Texas’ 
School of Communication Slit1 has been presented as a debutante bv the Alle­ gro the Houston Country Club aud the 
Folderols of Houston 
Granddaughter of Mr aud Mrs. 
Lloyd M 
Benison of Mission, M is s 
Bent sen had lour cousins and an aunt 
Iii Hie < oronation 111 addition to her motlier. 
Miss Emily Brown attended British 
School in Montevideo, Eruguay, Kin- kaid in Houston, Pine Manor and the 
I diversity oi Texas M iss Brown is the gi amldauglitcr of Mrs ll 
Lutcher 

Brown Relatives i i i previous Corona­ tions include Carolyn Brown Negley. 
Laura Negley Gill and .loan Brown 
Winter. 
Texas 

Miss Louise Brown is a student at the 
University of Texas aud a member of 
Pi Beta Phi. She was presented at the 
Folderols in Houston and w as a d u ­ chess tu the Waco Cotton Palace. In addition, she is a docent for domicile of the Colonial Dames. Miss Brown's mother was a duchess in the 
Coronation. Her grandfather, the late 
David Gregg Francis, was a member of the Order of the Alamo and so is her uncle. Sidney J. Frances ll 
Miss Dewar attends Vanderbilt Uni­ versity. where she is a member of 
Delta Delta Delta and Alpha Lambda 
Delta 
Her grandmother, Mrs ll ll 
Dewar, and two aunts were in prev io u s 
Coronations 
The duchess' late grandfather, ll ll. 
Dewar, was a member of the O rd e r of the Alamo As a child, Miss Dewar was a page to Queen Molly Ben n ett Dupe i ii 
IMH I. 
Virginia 

Miss Gates attended Collegiate 
Schools i i i Richmond. Va., and Kincaid of Houston. Currently, she is a student at the University of Texas and a member of 
( I I I 
Omega. 
Her great-great-great-grandfather. Wilson 
Cary Nicholas. V V U S Governor of the 
Colonies at Williamsburg, Va. 
M is s Kelley attended Vanderbilt 
University, and is now a junior at the 
University of Texas majoring i i i edu­ cation and psychology. Last year she was presented by the Allegro. Houston 
Country Club and Folderols 
M iss Kelley ’s mother aud her grand­ mother, Mrs. Edward VV. Kelley Sr., were i ii previous Coronations, as was an aunt. Mrs Joseph Elm er Dittmar. 
Miss Murchison attended the Madera 
School and is presently a student ut 
Vale University in New Haven. Conn. 
In 1974 she was presented us a debu­ tante in New York City 

Miss Red WI ne attends the University of Texas and is a member of Kappa 
Alpha Theta A sports enthusiast, she plays tennis, skits and rides horseback 
Iii Austin, she was a Junior Helping 
Hand Deb, was duchess to the Aqua 
Festival and was presented .is a debutante by the Bachelors of Austin 
Miss Smith attended the University 

 of Alabama and was president of the 
Kappa Kappa Gamma pledge class 
Currently, s he is majoring iii advertis­ ing at Hie University of Texas 
Next summer, she plans a trip to 
Africa Previously, she has traveled extensively in Europe. Mexico and Ja ­ pan Miss Smith was a duchess iii the 
Waco Cotton Palace and represented the Dallas Symphony at Austin's 197H 
Jewel Ball She had a cousin in the I 
Corona Hon. 

SHOW 

 witness his entire spring & summer collection modeled informally thursday, north star mall and friday, downtown, the man behind it all. albert nipon, will be here to show you his latest, seen here, the big sleeved wrap dress with front tucking detail and awning stripe border. 4 to 14 sizes, in red cotton, 172.oo. 
, perfectionist dresses. 
ALBERT NIPON 
IIM PERSON 

B y ----------- 

E V E LYNN 
SA W YER 

Soldier. Miss W alters’ sponsor 
Mrs Richards wore a black linen skirt and red jacket, and Mrs. Walters’ blue skirt and matching jacket had a navy and white linen bodice' Mis* 
Walters' soft coral jersey dress was fashioned xx it ii a mandarin neckline. 
For the dance, the en­ trance to the G ile s home was outlined with rows of lighted hurricane lamps. 
More of the candles were in the patio. 

In the foyer of the home was a pedestal arrange­ ment of coral Sonia roses. yellow and white daisies. coral carnations, baby's breath and pussy willow. 
Sim ilar flowers were on the mantel iii the liv­ ing room where Mr. and 
Mrs. W alters received their guests alongside the debutante. Charles O. 
Biedenharn. lier escort, and 
M r. and 
Mrs. 
Soldier. 
Miss Walters' brothers, 
John Iv Walters III and 
Thomas 
Masterson 
Walters, were also in the reeeiv mg line. 
Mrs Walters wore a pale aqua chiffon with a standing collar jeweled in bugle beads and rhine­ stones. The gems radiated over tilt* bodice in a sun­ burst effect, and also sparkled on the cuffs of the soft. billowy sleeves. 
Cow ti 
Miss Walters' English net gown was appliqued with beaded Alencon lace and designed by Phyllis for the House of Blanchi 
The lifted waistline was covered with lace. and the bodice had a wide, scalloped neckline with a bertha effect 
Just above the jeweled lace, flaring hem was a shaped garland of pean dr sole edged and high­ lighted with beaded lace 
Potted palms and hanging baskets decorat­ ed the interior of the 
Bright Shawl The serv­ ing table centered with a tall, silver epergne filled with the vari-colored roses, carnations and daisies was flanked by candelabra holding coral votive lights 
Centerpieces on small tables were hurricane candles surrounded by yellow aud white daisies. 

Iii a springtime setting, 
Mr. and 
Mrs. John Hurl in 
Walters Jr . intro­ duced their daughter, Miss E li­ zabeth 
Thomson 
Walters, at a debu­ tante dance in the 
Bright Shawl Satur­ day night. 
Saturday morning 
Mrs 
W alters and her mother. Mrs. Allen R i­ chards. were hostesses for a coffee in honor of the debutante Receiving guests with them was 
Mrs. 
Joe 
Richard 

G u e s ts 

HAPPENINGS 
• > 

Your luck w ith the stars 

A weekly guide to coming events 

Q U E E N LEAH B O W R E N , second from left, will reign over the W o m a n ’s Club of San Antonio s annua! Fiesta Flower and Fashion show April I 9 in McAllister 

Auditorium. Her royal court includes 
Kathy Klendshoj and Patricia Hinote, duchesses, and M ary Kathleen Taylor, princess, right. 
Spring parties to fete debutantes, duchesses 

A trip to tho Bahamas. 
Forest Hills or La Costa 
Country Club goes to the high bidder at the Tennis 
Auction Ball and T our­ nam ent April 15-17 in 
T u rtle C reek C ountry 
Club. 

Sponsored by the Lone 
Star Chapter, Cystic Fi­ brosis Foundation, pro­ ceeds of the three-day exent will go to the re­ search patient service programs and education of the foundation. 

Sixteen players will be paired w ith lh g i f t s - each worth over $3oo— at the auction ball, which will be at 7 p.m. Friday 
April 15. in the country club's grand ballroom. 
The player and gift will be auctioned to the high­ est bidder The bidder receives the gilt and the tennis player will enter tile to u rn am en t as tin' bidder's representative. 

 c o m e s a . 

4 - 
“V n 
FINALE 
WEEK 

 n 

• 3 - 

AnniveRSARy 
S A le 

Rec,HIAR s t o c k sa y i n o,s in A ll 
C > ep A R tm en ts 
2 o xto5CC 

WATCHES 

2 o % 
- 4 o % 

DIAM ONDS 

2o% 

FASHION RINGS 
I IK GOLD IEWfclRT 

2 o % - 3 o % 
2 o % 
- 3 o % 

CRYSTAL CHINA 
SUVER 

2 o % 
- 3 3 % 
2o °/< 

Parties for debutantes and du ch esse s in the 
Court of the Voyage Ex- traordinaire are planned throughout April and well into May. 
Misses Jam ie Killian, 
Susan Straus and Beth 
Walters will be feted by 
Mrs. John Cook and Miss 
Nancy Cook with a cock­ tail party in their home 
Friday 
Miss W alters will be the honoree at a luncheon 
Saturday in San Antonio 
Country Club with Mines. 
Aden 
Stiles, 
Leslie 
Ballard and William Col­ ley as co-hostesses. 
T hat evening 
Miss 
Jane Travis Drought will be honored with a dinner in the country at 
Droughtlelds bv Mr. and 
Mrs. Thomas Drought. 

Brunch 

Mr. and Mrs. George 
Harris and Miss Susan 
Clements will entertain with a Parisian brunch at noon April 3 for Misses 
Kli/abeth Ames, Jenny 
Roberts and Lisa Stieren. 

That evening Mr. and 
Mrs. Harold J. Bleakley will fete Miss Suzanne 
Burns with a dinner on the riv er at the Stock­ man. 
The Millard Fillmore 
G ra m m a r School and 
Grill will be the setting for a dinner party April 8 for Miss Heather Doug­ lass. Co-hostesses w ill be 
Mrs. Jane Gregory, Miss 
Gale Gregory and Mrs. 
Melissa Thurmond. 
Mr. and Mrs. Richard 
VV. Roberts and Mr. and 
Mrs. Arthur T. Stieren will honor Miss Roberts 

< )|»tic ill 

 and Miss Stieren vwth a dance April 9 
Miss Roberts and Miss 
S tieren will again be co m p lim e n te d with a m enenda April IO given by Mrs Sam Maddux in her home. 

Pionic 

An a1 fre sco picnic 
April 15 for Miss Mary 
Catherine Bell and Miss 
Laura Pryor will be given by Mr. and Mrs. Vaughan 
M eyer. 
M rs. 
David 
Kinder and Mrs. E. IL 
DuBose will fete Miss 
Killian with a luncheon 
April 16. 
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene 
L. Ames J r. will intro­ duce their daughter. Miss 
Ames with a dance in the 
Argyle April 1ft. 
Miss Roberts and Miss 
Stieren will be feted at a 
Huthfest in the Bavarian 
Village in New Braunfels 
May 6 Co-hosts include 
Mr. and Mrs. Donelson 
Gillis. Roger and Prissy 
Bose, Don and Carol Gil­ lis. Jean Leinbaeh. Liz 
Munn. Patty Pisa and 
Trey Hughes aud Jose aud Tessie Sarmicnto of 
Brow ns\ Hie. 

Luncheon 

Mrs Robert C, Gunn 
J r . will honor Misses 
C arolyn 
C rea m e r. 
D rought, Laura P ryor and Walters with a lun­ cheon in the Argyle May 
7. 
D r. and M rs. F ritz 
Holmstrom and Mr. and 
Mrs. Morton Baird will hold a games night party 
May 21 in honer of Misses 
Carey Clements, Killian and Margaret Pawel. 

The bidder has the op­ tion of playing with tin* p lay er or ap p o in tin g some other amateur 
On S unday a m e n s doubles m atch will be held to d e te rm in e the winning team. The bid­ 

 der whose team w ins will receive his choice of the following: a week's trip for two to La Costa 
Country Club to stay in a condominium; a week’s trip for two in the B a­ hamas or a trip for two and tic k ets to F o rest 
Hills 

The bidder owning the runner-up team will re­ ceive his choice of the remaining prizes. 

Sponsors and patrons are now being soliticed for the event 
Sponsors donate $15(1 and will re­ ceive two tickets to the ball. Patrons donate $25o and will receiv e four tickets to the ball. Both will be listed on the pro­ gram. 

G eneral a d m issio n tickets are $25 apiece or 
$5(1 per couple. 
Kayrene Shafer is gen­ eral c h a irm a n of the event. Committee chair­ men are Carol Bentley, awards; Sharon Triesch. patrons and sponsors; 
Beverly H alter, in v ita­ tions, Marsha McFldow- ney, gifts; Tim Shively, publicity; Pressly Shafer, tournament coordinator; and Berta M arbut, d e ­ corations. 

C H A IR M E N of the Tennis Auction Ball and Tournament benefit­ ing the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation are Beverly Halter, Kayrene 

Shafer and Sharon Triesch 
Yvonne Jeanette Home is presented to society 

Wildflower show is set 

Y V O N N E J. H O R N E 

Yvonne 
J e a n e tte 
Horne, season debutante of the Pals Social Club, was introduced to society 
S atu rd ay in the Aztec 
Room of Ft. Sam Houston 
Officers’ Club 
H ostess was her mother, Mrs. Doris Hill 
Horne. Miss Horn*.* also is tin* daughter of the late 
Dr. Clarence Horne. 
Tin* d e b u ta n te is a g ra d u a te of B ra c k e n ­ ridge High School and now is a junior at Trinity 
Fniversity. 
Theme of the reception was “ Spring F an ta sy .” 
The Aztec Room was de­ corated with tall baskets of pink blossoms 
Receiving guests with 
Mrs 
Horne and her d a u g h ter w ere 
Mrs. 
Gwendolyn Rainey, pres­ ident of 
Pals 
Social 
Club; Sgt. (ret.) and Mrs. 
Richard Smith, the hon- oree's grand parents, and 
Darrell Keith Horne, her brother. 
Also. Mrs. .LD. Sowells, 
Miss 
H o rn e’s g o d ­ m o th er, and Mr. and 
Mrs. Calvin Dudley. 
M iss H orne w ore a sleevless gown of white satin-faced organza ac­ cented with jeweled Ven­ ice lace. 
On April 2. Miss Horne will be honored xxith a luncheon in the home of 
Dr. and Mrs. Louis I), 
Johnson. 

UTSA W om en's Club 
Garden Group will have a wild flower slide show and le c tu re at 
1:3o p.m . 
Thursday in Room 2.o1.o2 in the Science-Education 
Building on the UTSA campus. 
Dr. Bill Van Auken, 
UTSA botanist, will be the speaker. At 2:3o p.m. guided tours of the UTSA 
Arboretum will be given 

 to set* the w illo w e rs . 
The public is invited to both events. In case of ram , the guided tours will be postponed. 
The Garden Group is the coordinator of the 
UTSA Arboretum. 

Any group interested in a tour of the arboretum should co n tact 
M rs. 
(Henna McGehee. 

Our custom window treatments are an unaccustomed treat. 

Unique w ay* to sn«ip-up windows (office or home) are one of our specialties. Custom draperies, mini-blinds, woven- woods, whatever - the possibilities are endless. In our 
Decorator Loft — Com e and see soon. 

DIANNE FLACK 
INTERIORS • SAN ANTONIO 

•MZO W U R Z B A C H AT B l U I M U o ‘*o I /OI 
B A N K A M IR IC A K O M A S U R C H A K C .I R IV C X V IN O C H A R G E 
M O N TU I W UU N IR ! IO <j T H U R S I C S S A I 
I O b 

Gr 
Guarantee 

-arf > 
4#* *•> - 

Tourney will aid research 

TIED UP A N D TERRIFIC! IM P C ’S W AFER W EDGE . . . 
BLACK, NAVY, RED OR STRIPED MULTI TONES G AU ZE ... 
$24, 

NORTH STAR AND MCCRELESS STORES ONLY 

M O N D A Y , M A R C H J I 
Y O U R B IR T H D A Y T O D A Y : 
Iv an in d ire ct storting point, since efforts to find on easier w ay causes pro b le m s that In turn take m o re tim e, harder w ork fo rg e t shortcuts, get ahead foster bv planned diligence. Busin e ss progress is irregular, m ostly good 
R e la tio n sh ip s th rive on e m o tio n a lly c h a rg e d episodes. T o d a y's natives go to extrem es in verbal expression, often m oke a career of it in politics, the arts. 
Those b o rn this ye a r will be self in d u lg e n t, resourceful, exert authority 
A R IE S (M a rch l l April I*): fcvervbodv runs in circles. Doing things yourself to get them right limits what you do 
Letting m atters drift is the only way people see the changes needed 
T A U R U S (April 2o-May 2o1: Details seem m ore im portant thou they ore, white essentials get lost 
In the shuttle 
W ishful thinking sw a y s d e cisions 
Rom ance thrives, lust don't exaggerate 
G E M IN I (M a y 21 June 2o1: 
P ro m ise s p ro v e ’ 
Illusory o s conditions return toward norm al O dd circu m stan ce s disturb collective gom es, betting pools, yo u ’d better pass up this round 
C A N C E R (June 21-July 111: 
At th e p e a k cl a, sensitivity cycle, you m ust put on a bold front to battle the competition or deal with resistance en your side Check on on intriguing story 
L E O (Ju ly 21 A u g l l ) 
V ou’re c o n tr o le d with the necessity of m aking a new start unsupported by past asso ciate s, p re v io u s ach ie ve m e n t^, A proposal otters m ore than meets the eye. 

I— By--------------------------- 

J E A N E D IX O N 

V IR G O (A ug. l l Sept. l i t 
A su re th in g is goaionteed to be som ething else 
B rin g in help. 
D o n t incorporate others' theories in your p lans 
Youngsters pose both problem s ana ad van ce s 
L IB R A d e p t 
2 J O d 
22): In a clash of ideas d e l a y i n g tactics save some at your obiectives. but the officio! program m ust be com pleted C ore with details prevents wholesale problem s 
S C O R P IO (Oct l l NOV 
It ) : 
A vo id going into p a rticu la rs, hit the high spots 
B y p a s s people preoccupied with trivia An old question is asked again, still no ready answ ers available 
S A G IT T A R IU S (N ov 
22 Dec l l ) . 
Inform ation is ikcompiele or wrong, everyone plunges aheaO on im pulse B ickering is a search tor expression. has nothing to do with real argum ent 
C A P R IC O R N (Dec 22 Jan 
IT) 
You re on the receiving end of whatever is in transit 
Offhand com m ent m akes inure im p re ssio n one w ay or another, than a m onth's careful presentation 
A Q U A R IU S (Jan 2o Feb 
IO), e r r o rs m ust be corrected, th e re s no m ileage in fu ss in g over who s at fault fry revising the whole venture, but reglu e Others ore as touchy as VOO are 
P IS C E S (Feb 
IT M arch 2o( 
People in gro u p s ate restless, shift direction W here you arc fre t to 
Choose, select fam iliar singlehanded tubs that you can do well despite distraction. 

This is the sale you have been w aiting tor! Buy now tor yourself an d special gift giving o c­ casions w eddings, anniversaries, birthdays 

N(w ACCOUNT iNvitid 
N t v t l ANV INTIRfSf 
O * C a l v i n g C h a o g is 

M u n d a y Soh,, d o , IO o a> lo } JO p rn 

BU IP ^ Cd AN CH 
PDC *>|TK WMH* “VnfCJW*> 
P* TAKING Goes G*v>oAl_ 
Cfs IfAD* 
SAPptB-C. 

 anoia J stoic ana Pino 
9 JCG McColl**^ • Tnt bfci 

• 
• 

Salvation Army will celebrate Jubilee 

The Salvation Army will celebrate its Golden 
Jubilee in the South with a luncheon at 11:3o a.m. 
T hursday in Oak Hills 
Country Club. 
“ Sonnets and 
Bon­ nets.'' a program of tin* organization’s music and uniforms will highlight the event. 
T e rrito ria l 
H ead­ quarters of the Southern 

Division of the Salvation 
Army is Atlanta. Ga.; Di­ visional Headquarters is 
Dallas. 
Mrs. Colonel C.S. Tal- madge of Atlanta, author of “ Sonnets and Bon­ nets” is stage director. 
Maj. and Mrs. Raymond 
C ooper, of Dallas will present the musical se­ quences. 
Mrs. Mary Tom Wey- man, Women’s Auxiliary president, and auxiliary m em bers are coordinat­ ing the 5oth anniversary. 
Committee chairmen are 
Mmes. 
Reagan 

Tucker. Julian C. Talk- d ie t. L’do H aa rm a n n , 
M ajor M atthew s, Lt. 
Frank Du rather and L.J. 
Fcntiman. 

Maj. 
W illiam 
K. 
Matthews, cit> coordi­ nator for the Salvation 
Army, will introduce the organization’s officials. 

The 
Salvation 
Army was founded in London rn 1865 by Gen and Mrs. 
W illiam Eiouth. T h e ir purpose was to form a religious and charitable organization dedicated to fig h tin g the 
“ twin 

 en e m ie s —sin and d e ­ spair.” 

The original and still paramount purpose of the 
Salvation Army is to lead men and women into a proper relationship with 
God William Booth de­ signed the 
S alvation 
Army's welfare program; aid is given whenever the need is apparent. 

Reservations may be made with Mrs. Helen T. 
Mays or with the Salva­ tion Army office. Dead­ line for reservations is 
Monday. 

ESCALATING into spring — Nipon fashions to b e le a ty red a t Sym phony coffee 

Ticket information for the Grand Ball Satur- 
RON and M ary Ann will m odel a ctiv e play clothes in *First Teesdcsy* day night and the French fashion show and 
>• 
, L n u J a - - : ! c picnic may he obtained by cabins the Southwest a m n e r s n o w A p r i l a 
Craft Ceric** 
ST Af* PHOTO pf sn VC CAMPttll 

Page . 5-E 

 calendar 

A lot of fashion will be parading in­ doors and out-of-doors in San Antonio beginning m id-week and extending through next Sunday. Highlights are: 

WEDNESDAY — New Yorkers Albert and 
Pearl Nipon will present their spring-summer collection at a IO a.m. coffee around the pool of the Morris .Jaffe home. The event is sponsored by the Women’s Committee of the San Antonio 
Symphony Society. 

, The Nipon fashions will be on view in Frost's 
North S tar Mall W ednesday afternoon and 
Thursday, and in the Downtown store Friday. 

THURSDAY — Rhodes and Mademoiselle 
Magazine will bring “ California Energy" to San 
Antonio in a sum m er show at ti p.m. on the main level of the Wonderland Mall. 

M adem oiselle editor B a rb a ra S/pak will c ommentate and will explain how to put the new shapes and textures and accessories together to create your own “ California Energy.” Lots of door prizes. 

THURSDAY AND FRIDAY — Summer and early fab fashions from the Rose* Taft Couture collection will be presented at the Monger 
Smart Shops. Man ia Taft, (laughter of the New 
York designer, will be in the North Star Mall shop from IO a m. to 9 p.m. Thursday, and in the McCullough Avenue shop from 9:3o a m. to 
5:3o p.m. Friday. 

SUNDAY. APRIL 3 — Parisian fashions from 
Yves Saint Laurent, Givenchy and Dior will be featured during the Country Garden Picnic at 
Southwest Craft ( enter. 

The picnic, beginning at 1o.3o a.m., is part of the Craft C enter’s benefit Festival Weekend celebrating the restoration of the* chapel in the 
Old Ursuline Academy where the center is now housed. Models will parade in the gardens. 

 r 
VT; 
. -V "* * . . it v 
Fashion 

 y* ? 
*•" 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

Lc m i'a 

732 North Star Mall 

Parnell 
Put sane *Mhv* in your spring footwear. Black, 
Bone, Red, White or Yel­ low Patent. $32.oo.We welcome new accounts, 
I ay-aways, Master Charge. 
Bi ink Amen ca rd. 

Coffee to launch symphony tours 

A poolside coffee at the Mor­ ris Jaffe home at IO a.rn. 
AV ednesdav will introduce the 
^Vomen’s Committee of the San f^Xntonio Symphony Society’s 
Fiesta Tours.” a Guests will include the presidents 
(if local women’s organizations in addition to 
Symphony 
W om ens 
Committee members. An extra fea­ tu re will Im* the personal appearance of Albert and Pearl Nipon us they present their spring and sum m er fa­ shion collection from Frost s. 
“ Fiesta Tours” is a new persona­ lized service in which trained Sym­ phony Society m e m b e rs conduct lours of the city and other specified a re a s to benefit th e San Antonio 
Symphony. 
T he v o lu n te ers will show th e ir hometown as only they know it. 
Mission tours, guided shopping on 
The river barge rides, walking tours of the King William area or of La 
^Villita. or a drive through Bracken­ r id g e Park with the Sunken Gardens and the Zoo may Ik* arranged. 
Austin 
T ours through the homes of Wo- men s Committee m em bers will also be available — with luncheons to suit any taste. Also tours of Austin with coffee in the Governor’s Mansion, a stop in the LBJ Library and a meal at 
Green Pastures. 
The Alsace-Lorraine flavor of Cas­ troville may be sampled, or a guided shopping trip to Nuevo Laredo. Cus­ tom-designed tours may be set up to a working ranch or almost any other 
-place desired. 

The F ie sta Tour c o m m itte e in­ cludes Mines. Carlos P erry , ch a ir­ man; Joseph Cocke Jr., co-chairman; 
Geoffrey VViedeman. J. IL Frederick. 
George Vaughan. Stanley Frank Jr. and Herbert (). Wilson. Mrs. Jam es 
Hutchins is president of the Sym ­ phony Women s Committee. 
Nipons 

San Antonians will be seeing many of the same fashions presented to the nation’s press during a benefit gala presented by the Nipons in Bloo- mmgdale’s in New York. 
The audience was delighted as mo­ dels descended to the runway via escalators. 
' For the warm-weather, the Nipons are featuring a semi-cinched waist and a swirling full skirt. 
“ It s an accentuated waist, but nothing is tight,” says Pearl. 
Favorite fabrics are cottons from 
Switzerland. France, Germany aud the United States. 
Among the interpretations are airy 
Liberty lawns and flowered cotton chiffons The cotton ensembles often have such “ pastoral” overtones as laced bodices, ruffled edges, puffed sleeves, tiny waists and skirts cut in a double circle. 
Some of the dresses are slightly bloused, the shallow blouson lK*ing a hallm ark of the collection. Topless sun dresses arc styled with P earl’s famous long tucked torsos — and have extra little jackets. 
The Nipons w ill be in Frost s North 
Star Mall store from 3 to 5 p.m. 
Wednesday and ll a.in. to 4 p.m. 
Thursday, and in the Downtown store from ll a i i i , to 4 p.m. Friday ___ 

North Star Mall 

Frank Olivier 

PEARL NIPON 

ALBERT NIPON 

 fFirst Tuesday ’ banking on gold 

Shirting 
You’ll love the fine fabrics of our shirts from this e x c e l­ lent French Designer. Pick several from a collection priced $47.oo to $92.oo. 
Shown: Natural Gauze, $5o.oo. 
We welcome new accounts, lay-aways, M aster Charge, 
BankAmenc afd. 

“ First Tuesday,’’ Joske’s new din­ ner show, will feature “ Sihouettes of 
Spring” Tuesday. April 5, in North 
Star Mall. 
Casual is the theme. Active play clo th e s in d e n im —ju m p s u its , junipers and dresses—will be teamed with plaids and ginghams. The new 
“ daytime gold” accessories will be introduced. 
H onored g u ests will he th** e m ­ ployes of Alamo National Bank. John i). Meyer, and Bradford Breur. pres­ ident and vice president of the bank, will be special guests. 
Feature models of the month will be bank employes, Marianne Wofford and Bob Smith. 
Doors open at fi:3(l p.m. Tuesday 

 with a cash wine bar. Dinner will be at 7, followed by the show at 7:3o p.m. 
Tickets are $3.5o and must be pur­ chased in advance at Joske’s North 
Star Ticket Service. Reservation deadline is Saturday. 

Sundresses 
Also featured in the fashion show will the Ihe “ soft 'n easy” story in su m m er dressing, especially sun­ dresses in a myriad of styles. Softer 
•shapes with defined waists, tiered skirts and flounced hems will be spotlighted. 
Rounding out the total look will lie canvas handbags, white arid natural jewelry, flowers and combs for the hair. sashes aud corselet belts. 

SUPERB WIGS BY EVA GABOR 
AT A MERE 16.99 EACH 

Easter to be show theme 

“ Predictions for F a s ­ ter and Fiesta” will be the th e m e of W ed n es­ day’s noon fashion show aud luncheon in the 
Bright Shawl Tearoom 
R obert 
Siegel will commentate the fashion show. 
Modeling clothes from 
Town and Country will be: 
Mines. 
L eonard 
Savers, Philip Musgruve, 
L am oine H olland. Joe 
Lusk, Larry O’Neill and 
W illiam Jeffers, 
M rs. A rth u r Allison and Mrs. John Mover will 
•be hostesses. 

FROST BROS. 

IdooL-erie 
Central Park Mall 

’Capri", usually 25.ooor 'Elegant Lady *, usually 27.oo, Both have 
I he look that beautiful women identify with. Dyne!l< modacrvlic in mutual and frosted shades. V\ ig Boutique. Dow mow ii and North Slat Mall. 

Halston V 
Picture yourself strolling on a mild Spring day in thi-. incredibly solt, 1oo% Polyester 
Knit by Halston. Two piece harmony in 

I Grey print. Sizes 8-16. $9o.oo. Just one from a collection of Twopiece dresses by 
Halston priced from $69.oo to $9o.oo. 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday March 27 1977 
Juveniles need justice shakeup 

Ann was the youngest of seven children. Slit' ran away from home at the age of ll and be­ came caught up in the juvenile justice system. Like a leaf in a running stream she was washed 

 a lo n g . sin* roached adulthood with an illegi­ timate child, crim inal charges against hor for theft and a victim of tuberculo­ sis 

W ould she have been a different person with different handling of her problem s'’ One grow ing group of Texas 

 w o m e n think so. 
A Texas Coalition for Juvenile .Jus­ tice has been formed with the purpose of trying to gel legislators to remove status offenders" from the jurisdic­ tion of the Texas Youth Council which adm inisters the Juvenile Justice S y s­ tem 
Their ultimate goal would be to improv e I he entire sy stem. 
S ta tu s o ffe n d e rs an * tru a n ts or ru n a w a y s who have co m m itted no 
(rim e Statistics show that 75 to HU per cent of runaw ays come from hom es where their action is definitely under­ standable and perhaps necessary. II a child is in a bad home situation that he i an't change — he leaves out of frus­ tration and desperation 
I lie ( oalition feels that Public W el­ k in ' Agencies could handle these ru n ­ a w a y iii a m ore positive m anner 
Many of these children would have a chance to straighten them selves out before they fin d th e m se lv e s law breakers with perm anent social 

 ria mage. h octis* 
Anita M a rc u s of D a lla s Heads the 
< oalition. Pat Cum berland of San A n ­ tonio is treasurer. 
\ 

\ joint m eeting of National Council of 
Jewish Women, and Fam ily Outreach and 
Legislative 
Forum committees w as h e l d i ii the home o f Betty Zion 

 to fo cu s on troubles with our present sy ste m o f ju v e n ile ju stice . 
Representatives of oilier organizations a lso partieipated 

M axine Cohen directed the meeting. 
A local represent iv e for Texas Youth 
Council and Interested m em bers of the 
League of Women Voters and the Ju n ­ ior L e a g u e attended to h e a r the discussions on alternate plans for these juveniles 
The problem is huge — 2H m illion s ta tu s offenders go under tin* jurisdic­ tion of the juvenile justice annually. 
To illustrate how Anti s problem s became worse once she was on the justice treadm ill tin* forum divided her dilem m a into several stages 
Those present discussed belter solutions at those points 
First breaking point was when Ann. who was hitchhiking, was taken to a police station Her parents were separ­ ated and her mother had five children alter the separation The father's $15 per week support stopped when he entered a T H sanitorium . 

I)t visions 

The third breaking point was when 
Ann was picked up by the police after shoplifting a blouse, stealing a pocket­ book from a parked ear and hindering police by urging her com panions to run and hide. 
Leading up to this. Ann had a petition of "u n c o n tro lle d '' filed against her with a warrant for her apprehension after her repeated runaw ays 
Sin* was placed in a detention home and given psychological evaluation. 
The sixth grader had the reading abi­ lity of a third grader, w as very frus­ trated and had difficulty in learning. 
Before being transferred to a C o m ­ m unity Mental Health Center she es­ caped 
Once again the forum considered what should have been done when she ran away from a training school and was taken into custody by police for stealing blouses 
Delinquent 

Next decision time was when Ann repeatedly ran away to her home from foster hom es w here she had been placed. A fte r her first p o lice e n ­ counter. she had been held in a deten­ tion center for JO days She had been truant H4 days the past year and had run away at least twice. Sin* said her mother w as never home and everyone 
"p ic k e d " on her. 
School counselors confirm ed that her family life was deteriorating and the young children had no supervision. The 
Public W elfare Agency was granted 

 custody of Ann and four of her sisters and brothers. They were placed i i i separate foster hom es 
Sterilization was recommended for her motlier. 

Between the time she ran away from the detention center to this point she has been picked up on a petition alleg­ ing delinquency. She was found delin­ quent and tra n sfe rre d fro m the 
Division of Mental Health lo the lh v isio n ol Ju v e n ile C o rre c tio n s for placem ent at a tra in in g school for girls 
During the year at the training school she ran away and was picked up five lim es 
D uring a home pass she was apprehended for shoplifting 
During the next year and a half, she remained in the training school with frequent runaw ays She became preg­ nant during this time. 
Al age 
15. she ran away from home while on a C hristm as pass. She left a three month trail of shoplifting and grand larceny. She was taken into custody each time, taken buck to the center where she m anaged to escape. sin* failed to appear in court tor lier hearing on these m atters and a warrant w as issued. She w as arrested in a shopping mall with a large amount of clothing and resisted arrest. 
At her appearance at juvenile court she was transferred to adult court. She 

 was seven m onths pregnant and was released pending trial 
She failed to appear it) court for that trial 
She w as reported to be liv in g in 
Atlanta, m arried and ut a tuberculosis sanitorium All out charges were d is­ missed and she was placed on proba­ tion without staff until she was IS 

I n*olvt*f! 
This true ('ase ends unsolved — a year later a warrant was issued for her apprehension for stealing m isce llan ­ eous clothing. The w arrant w as out­ standing. 
Solutions and suggestions for better handling of Ann varied. But on some points, most of tin* women agreed. 
The women felt a ll year old runaway should not be held In a detention center with juvenile crim inals. 
They felt fam ily co u n se lin g long before Ann was ll should have been given 
Ann s truancy record and learning disability should have led to early help education w ise 
V o cational tra in in g should have been started if testing proved ibis the besi path for her. 

Better counseling, earlier testing and better facilities for troubled juveniles were all suggestions agreed upon 

The facts of A n n 's ease prove a better system is needed 
Realistically some of the best suggestions m ay be out of reach econom ically. 

These women feel that the budget should be juggled so that money spent on juveniles after they become crim in ­ als could be used to prevent that from happening 

In d iv id u a ls or o rg a n iza tio n s m ay join the Texas Coalition for Juvenile 
Justice. F or information or m em ber­ ship form s, call Pat Cum berland or 
Mrs. Donald Cohen. 

May be one day. another girl named 
Ann will find a new system if she runs away. And lier story can have a happier ending with the com m unity receiving an assot when she reaches is — instead of a liability as when her nam esake celebrated her entrance into adulthood. 
H IT C H H IK IN G teen finds a lonely ro ad 
Me no savvy p ea k in g out 

PHOTO SY PON JO N IS 

“ Hey. lt»ok at that m g him so excited bowl!” my middle o \e r a howl w a s schooler exclaimed. when I last served fresh stra w b e rrie s 
A bowl? The only with n»a l w hipped time I recalled sec* cream 

"O h man, that s realty c o o l!" 
"F o rg e t i t , " I said as we neared a stop sig n 
“ If so m e o n e threw it a w ay, i t ' s p ro b a b ly cracked 
"T h a t s high enough lo peak o u t!" bis friend i ii the back seat said " I 'l l bet I co uld jru» a one w h e e le r on that sid e slope." 
That s when I realized the b oys had sw itch e d from e n g lis h to S k a te ­ board. 
W o u ld n 't von know it! Just .as I was about to m aster dirt bike jargon, my sons and their frie n d s sw itc h e d from bicycles to skateboards. 

 o u t*' 
N ow we “ ktck tu rn ” and “ tra c k the high line". What used to 
Im* known as “trails" are now “ r u n s ” . W e once discussed forks, fram es and fend ers. Now it s slop e s, s la lo m s and sw o o p s 
A tube is no longer part of a tire. 
The "b o w l" that excit­ ed my riders w asn't for c o o k in g or for b all games. It was part of a culvert and drainage a r­ ea along the roadside. To a skateboard freak, every paved convex or concave area is a “ b o w l" or a 
"d o w n h ill". 
Y o u n g s t e r s in th is neighborhood skateboard lo school — to the store — 

 even to bed 
"W h y don’* we build a sw im m in g p o o l?" one of our sons asked at dinner last night. 
" F o r the sam e reason we d o n 't d riv e a 
C a d illa c !" I answered 
A nsw er 
. " ( un we build a sw im ­ m ing p o o l?" Ins brother asked. 
“ N O . ” 
H u b b y ’s answ ers are sim p ler to understand than m ine 
I began to explain tin* 
HU reasons why our fam i­ ly does not want a sw im ­ m ing pool (none of which 
I ever find too convincing m yself). 
" . . . and besides.” I concluded. " It would run up IIM* water bill and re­ quire a lot of work to keep the water clean." 
"O h , we don't want to put any water in it," both boys insisted. " A lot of people an * b u ild in g s w im m in g p o o ls for skateboarding. IT I show you . .** One son dashed to his room for the latest issue of Skateboarder. 
I ve alw ays prided m y­ se lf on u n d e r st a n d in g and appreciating youth; h ow e ve r, w hen y o u n g ­ sters want to build sw im ­ m in g pools and not fill them with w a t e r 
I think there may be m ore to this generation gap problem than I realized. 
Fair Day will benefit school 

M o n te sso ri W o rksh o p 
School will have its F air 
Day from I to H p.m. Sa­ turday in the Crossroads party room, at the north­ west corner of III IU and 
L o o p 41o a c ro s s fro m 
W onderland Shopping C i­ ty. 
B a ke d goods, plants, spring crafts, children’s activities arid a garage sale w ill in* featured at the event. 
P roce ed s w ill benefit the Montessori W orkshop 
School on San Pedro and its new elem entary level. 
Ja ck M aguire to be speaker 

F re e d o m s Foundation at Valley Forge, San A n ­ tonio W om en’s Chapter, w ill have its q u arte rly luncheon al 11 Aid a ni. 
W ednesday in O ak H ills 
Country Club. 
Jack K 
M aguire, exe cutive director of Bisti tute of Texan Cultures, will be tile guest speaker. 
H is topic w ill be, 
"T e x a s— It’s a W om an’s 
W orld ” 
Fellowship to convene 
VS om e n s A g lo w Fe) low ship will meet at UAM) a i n 
T h u r s d a y i i i t h e ballroom of Kum adu inn on Loop 41o at San Pedro 
P h y llis Jones w ill be guest speaker. 
F o r re se rv a tio n s for the o p tio n al lu n cheo n, call Oati-JaH?. 

Mexican recipe contest 

W h ile m a n y in te rn a ­ tional foods have their day d uring Night in Old 
San \ntonio. tile focus of 
Fiesta is M exican favor­ ites. 
Send your special M e x­ ican food recipe and enter the next San A n to n io 
News food section contest 
Five dollars will go to the person entering the best M exican recipe by m ailing it to Food Editor, 
The News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio. T ex 7K297 be­ fore M arch 31. 
W rite yo u r recipe on tine sid e of a sheet of paper, tell why it is your favorite .and sig n you r n am e, g iv in g y o u r a d ­ d ress and .daytime tele­ phone number. 
Only tested recipes are e lig ib le , and only one entry from each contes­ tant will b<> considered. 
The w inning Mexican recipe will be published 
April 14, just in time for 
F ie sta . W atch for the w inning recipe usin g al­ m onds on M arch 31 and the w inning recipe using pears on April 7. 
Tape 

A length of m easuring ta|>e glued to the top front of a se w in g m a c h in e co m e s in handy for m easuring hems and d is­ tance iH'lween bulbous. 

A 
I of excitement 
/A momen 

...a lifetime of joy. A diamond dinner ring; so important a gift to a lady. So much pleasure, for so many years to come. In 14 karat 
A White gold, $475. 
B. Yellow gold, $6oo 
C. White gold, $2,2oo. 
Something Beautiful for Everyone bM 

Lay-Away now' Of use our convenient charge plans 
Also. American Express. BdnkAmertcard. Master Charge 

Fine Jewelers Since 1878 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Drop in anytime for our complimentary ring cleaning and diamond checking services i i 

 netxLe^fcReek 

S 
H 
O 
P 

Redecorating<* 
...w e have over 
1,ooo FASHION FABRICS 
. to choose from tin* 

SH O W N : 
“ C h a rle sto n ” 
Ours Exclusively 
Bedspreads in Stock 
Blue, Pink, Gold. 
Draperies by order 

Let us custom m a k e for you b e d sp re ad s • W in d o w Treatm ents 

I 
Slipcovers • A ccessories 
SAVE 4 o % on Bedspreads in STOCK 
Come in or call our decorator for on in-home appointment 
71 IO B L A N C O RO. a t L O O P 4 1 o 
Rh: 3 4 4 -8 4 4 1 

", 

Betty Beale talks about W ashington + + + Betty Beale talks about W as 

. x z s 
& ......... 
» . v , 
O ' , v- 
. 
.. 
% k». . i t 
..x * - . 
. 
T..v. ; 

Cloth Wot Id Coup on 
Ii. Cloth World Coupon 

Tm jM 
Cloth World C o u p o n 
Cloth War id Coupon 
C lo t h Wor id C o u p o n 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday Mar 27 I 977 
 status zooms 
Iranian 
A m b as­ sador 
Ardeshir 
Zahedi, 
W ash in g ­ ton’s new hero, held a tab le of g u ests spellbound at a din­ 

 ner the other night with the story of how the Hanafi M uslim sect lea d e r w as talked into releasing 
134 hostages. 
The fam ed b ach elo r host, who went without sleep for 6o hours and insisted on coming face- to-face with 
K halifa 
Hatnaas Abdul Khaalis over the objections and fears of the authorities, is credited with g etting through to K haalis by simply being an under­ standing hum an being and calling 
Khaalis 
“brother.” 
The H anafi M uslim told him, “ If I had want­ ed to 
I could have bombed the place and killed everybody but I am not a killer.” 
Every listener around that table — new arm s control d irec to r Paul 
Warnke. Bill Monroe of 
“ Meet the 
P r e s s ,” form er A m b assad o r to 
Iran Douglas MacArthur whose c a r in T eh eran was once rid d led with bulletholes by Islam ic 
Marxists — every one of us said that had anyone m u rd e re d all our c h il­ d re n , not to m ention beating a three-year-old before drowning him — every one of us would have wanted to kill the m urderers. W hen Khaa- lis only vented his rage iii the co u rtro o m at the m u rd e r tria l he was fined 
Zahedi. who was jailed and to rtu red by Mos­ sadegh C om m unists in 
Iran when he was 21 — his back still pains him today — felt such sym ­ pathy for this man “ who had suffered so m uch” he could reach him. The fact that Zahedi had worked iii the steel mills of Gary, Ind., where the 
Hanafi Muslim was born, also helped. 
Said A rd esh ir, “ My own feelings w ere p rim arily of g ratitu d e that I was at last being given a chance to repay som e of your (A m e r­ icas) kindness and generosity.” 

U h e e l s 
Two of the feminine wheels in the Carter ad­ ministration — Secretary of C om m erce J u a n ita 
Kreps and Under Secre­ tary of the Treasury Bet­ ty Anderson — had never 

 met before com ing to 
Washington but they have so much in common. 
Both are Southerners, both are alone in Wa­ shington but commute to be with their husbands, both are mothers, both are w arm , friendly, sm a rt, confident and feminine, though both are running male-type bailiwicks. 
Betty Anderson, whose husband is a Savannah, 
Ga., busin e ssm an . 
Nancy is an expert on worked up from bank cruise missiles and nuli- teller to bank vice pre- ~ sident and now heads the 
Secret Service; the Al- i cohol. F ire a rm s and I 
Tobacco 
Bureau; 
U.S. I 
Customs; 
Federal 
Law I 
Enforcem ent T rain in g I and the Bureau of En- I graving and Printing. a 
“ I'm the first woman I they’ve had at Treasury I 
(meaning in top echelon) I and they don’t know w hat I to do with m e ,’’ she I chuckled at the reception I given by that feminine I powerhouse group, Ex- I eeutive 
Women in I 
Government. 
I 
But she knows what I she s doing. “I am look- I mg forward to putting in- I to effect m a n ag em en t I techniques and b etter I utilization of people and I funds," she said. 
Secretary Kreps, whose I soft, feminine blouse was part of her Holston cash­ mere skirt and stole cos­ tum e, co u ld n ’t get to 
D urham , N.C., for a month, so her professor husband came here w eekends. But she is crazy about her job. Was it such a big challenge? 
I 
“ The b ig g est,” replied 
Kreps. “ Other than rais­ ing children.” 

Friend 

President Carter’s best friend. John Pope, and his bride of four years, 
Betty Pope, never got their invitation bul they came all the way from 
Americus, Ga., to attend 
Handy S tro u d ’s book- launching party. 
Kandy, author of “ How 
Jim m y Won” which is hot off the presses, had mentioned the date when she last saw them so they came anyhow. After all, lie s quoted in tile book again aud again. 
“ Are you 
Jim m y 
Carter s Bobe Rebozo?” 
Pope was asked. 
He broke into an infectious grin and said no, though he admitted he'd heard that before. Pope, who built the Carter’s house, has known the President for 24 years. 

Kosalynn 
C a rte r ’s 

 tary technology and writes and speaks on the subject. Lorne is working on ways — such as bac­ terial fertilization — to make land triple its yield. 

 press se cretary Mary 
Hoyt, presidential assis­ tant Peter Bourne and his wife Mary King who is deputy director of AC­ 
TION, assistant chief of protocol Dot Padgett and the ('a rte r fam ily a p ­ pointm ents se creta ry . 
Rick Hutto, showed up at the Frank Ikards’ for the big affair along with that un-Hollywood couple, 
Lorne and Nancy Greene. 

Michelle Metrenko, the able, young, blond temp­ tress who is associate solicitor of the Interior 
Department, is sporting a big diamond from Wil­ mington divorce John W. 
Rawlins, 58, chairman of the conglom erate RLC 
Corp. They will be m ar­ ried in June but she will keep her legal career, says MM. 

Schwartz a sparkling spy comedy film about the theft of the Declaration of 
Independence (which is lowered into a vault at the 
Archives every night) called “Life, Liberty and the Pursuit." 
W alter 
P idgeon. 
Robert Preston and Elsa 
Lanehester will play the leads. Capucine Renoir, 
Schwartz’s wife, will be a gangster’s moll in it, and 
Michelle’s actress sister 
M arcia will play the thief's collaborator. 

P.S. — Kandy sent a copy of her book to the 
C arters but it was r e ­ turned w ithout being opened because of the no-gifts policy. Rosalynn prom ised to have her over and receive it in person. 

In the meantime she is producing with award- winning director Mort 

U nder Secretary of Treasury Betty Anderson and 
Secretary of Com m erce Juanita Kreps 

F AS H ION FAB RICS 
BY THE Y A R D ll O N D E R H O R I O 
O F F ABRICS 

P r ie r s p o w ! t h r u II C d n e e d ily 

M a r c h 2 o t h . .U s a g o a d S u n d a y a t 

 th e H r o a d u a x lo c a t io n . 

FASHION FABRICS A T LOW PRICES 

Shop h ash ion . . . The Linen 
Look for Spring . 
1oo% Polyester 

Extra Fancy Solid Color 
N o ve lty K rinkle 
DOUBLE KNITS 
Pucker P oll er Fashion 
DOUBLE 
KNITS 
Double Knits 
'bright S/tri rig classic colors iii all 
HHV > polyester, thai it ti fill selected group for Easter fashion, (til ti hie. tin e l inen Look P astel colors for\ 
Spring. 
A ll 
6o w ide. 
Machine] 

 tr a s h . 

Sublastic 
^ 
Printed Knits 
Blue Jean Denim 

Indigo Blue 

Soft lat e ly prints aith coordin atin g solid color. 
Pone De Roma in Sf>r• tug pastels arui classic shades. 6 o utth HWU fml yester. 

I.) " a ide. URI1 '< cotton. 
Machine uash. 
Make your own overalls and 

Blue Jeans 

 y 
Rep. $2 .9 8 Yd 

Floral Prints 
The Shantung Look 
Flocked Sheer 

The 
B eddin g Fluorite in Beautifttl soft Spring colors. 45 ' aide. IOO*/* 
Nylon. 
Exclusive of ornomentotion. 

 weens u 
Vs 
Crushed l elvet Upholstery colt an­ il right 
Spring 
Iii gorgeous dei u n iter solid inters, lird o your I u n lit u re in heil nil fill Sen u p h o lste r 
• intr, B u t t s FME • 
Itta' i 
( O lton 
Huck 
Rn ii eight lf i ) o s F U I 
11' I Cotton Huck 

 chaining \ in ear and 
\ neckwear 
V 
In U K gold. loo I Cotton 

T H R E A D 
TI S KA RS 
SCISSORS 
The 5 link chain, favored circlet tor the neck, now moves to the ears in flex ib le loops. 15" chain, $39 
Earrings, $25 

OP BN YOUR OWN CHA RGB ACCOUN T 
Or use Muster Chary#/ 
Bank Amaricard ‘American Bxpress 

JE W E LE R S 
TO THE W O R LD 
SINCE 1877 
MCADOW Lf AF DI 
MhmA M- WTI I f f imhm nm 

CENTRAL PARK WALL 
WINDSOR PARK WALL 
341 4481 
654-64* 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

Lawyer-priest not resting on her laurels 

THE REV. DR. PAULI MURRAY 

W ASHINGTON - 
The Rev. Dr. Pauli 
Murray, HH, ordained recently as the first black female Episco­ pal priest, leans for­ ward to light another of the unfiltered ci­ garettes she chains­ mokes. 
“ This society is not hospitable to persons of color, women or left­ handed people,” she says. “ I ni .inst trying to meet the competition.” 
Outdo might be a bet­ ter term. 
She spent time in 
Southern jails for her ci­ vil rights work in the early 194os, when that movement was still in its 

S A N D R A G . 
R H O D M A N 
WASHINGTON POST StRVICt 

 fledgling stage. lier academic creden­ tials include a doctorate in constitutional law from Yale and an honor­ ary doctorate from Dart­ mouth 

A published poet and the protege of Stephen 
Vincent Benet and Har­ lem Renaissance poets 
( ountee 
Cullen and 
Langston Hughes, she left a distinguished law career in Manhattan in the late \5Us to work on her writing at the Mac* 
Dowell Colony, a haven for artists and writers in 

Peterborough, V IL 
Residents have in ­ cluded critic Alfred Ka- zin and composer Aaron 
Copland. 
At times it almost seems as though there have been several Pauli 
Murrays, each of whom excelled at what she did. 
There is Pauli Murray the activist, who sued 
Harvard Law School in 
19H4 when it refused to admit her solely on the basis of Sex (Harvard began admitting women m 195o) and who, follow­ ing the 19H:5 March on 
Washington, criticized black leaders for their 
“ token recognition" of the contributions of black women. 
There is Pauli Murray the lawyer, the recipient 

 of three law degrees who. for several years during the late ‘5os. was the only female attorney with the prestigious and clubby 
Manhattan firm Paul, 
Weiss, Rifkin, Wharton and Garrison. 
Pauli Murray the edu­ cator was vice president of Benedict College, a sm all, predom inantly black sch oo l in South 
Carolina in 19H7 and Dis- tinguished Professor of 
Law and 
Po litics at 
Brandeis from 19o8 to 
197:5. 
An ordained priest with tile Massachusetts dio­ cese, she is currently awaiting a job offer, hav­ 

 ing spent two years stu­ dying at General Theolo­ gical Seminary in New 
York and the past year and a half at Virginia 
Theological Seminary in 
Alexandria 
But it is Dr. Murray’s achievements as a writer of which she seems prou­ dest. She says. “ In my life I have never thought. 
‘Next. I want to do this. 
The only thing I ve ever said I wanted to do was write.” 
\V rilin g 

CHEST FREEZER, 5.2 cu. aluminum liner foamed insulation, slight dent. 

 ft. 182 lbs., polyurethane 
191 

REFRIGERATOR FREEZER with AUTO­ 
MATIC ICEMAKER, 17 cu. ft., adjustable half shelves, porcelain crispers and meat keeper • reconditioned. 

FRIGIDAIRE 3o”~ IMPERIAL ELECTRIC 
RANGE, self cleaning oven, automatic clock burner with a brain-reconditioned. 

*258 

*248 

COLOR TELEVISIONS-rcconditioned good selection to choose from prices from all guaranteed 
147 

I 

SONY VIDEO TAPE RECORDER, includes 
TV Video Recorder-camera used 
‘35o 

8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER, with wide range speakers, tape program, indicator light, built in pre amplifier. 
*69 

ZENITH 
CONSOLE 
STEREO, 
Oanish modern cabinet, louvered doors, turntable, AM/FM Stereo radio. Ripe and extra speaker jocks- reconditioned. 

12o3 PAT BOOKER 

GE MICROWAVE OVEN, 13 cu. ft. with automatic defrost. 

GE COLOR TV, 25" diagonal 
1oo% Solid State table model 

WAS 
‘389“ 

WAS 
‘669“ 

GE RtTRIGERATOR, 2o (u. ft. deluxe model, frost free 
(white). 

WHIRLPOOL REFRIGERATOR, 
19 cu. ft. No Frost, one only - white 

WAS 
’539” 

138 

*289 
*528 

*439 

FRIGIDAIRE REFRIGERATOR, 
17 cu. ft. Frost Proof. 

LITTON MICROWAVE OVEN with automatic defrost plus L-2 browner. 

 w *398 
‘439’ *379 

WAS 
’369“ 

26oo WEST AVE. 

WHIRLPOOL ROOM AIR CON­ 
DITIONER, 18ooo BTU, 23o volt one only, slight cabinet mar. 

WAS 
’449“ 

*279 

*329 

ZENITH 
STEREO 
RECORD 
PLAYER, stereo FM radio, white with blue trim, one only. 

SONY 
BLACK 
& 
WHITE 
PORTABLE, 5" diagonal screen, one only. 
WAS 
*14o°° 119 

RCA Co1oRTRAK COMPACT, 
19" diagonal screen with electronic tuning, one only. 

WAS rn ^ 
*539” 419 

RCA 
BLACK 
PORTABLE, 12 only. 

& 
WHITE diagonal, 2 
WAS 
‘119“ *88 

GE BUCK A WHITE PORTABLE 
9" diagonal gold 
& white cabinet. 

WAS 

$9 9 9 $ *79 

APF 
TV 
GAME, 
4 games operates with color or Black and 
White sets. 
WAS 
’79“ *59 

WHIRLPOOL REFRIGERATOR. 
Frost free 17 cu. ft. avocado or harvest gold - floor model. 

WAS 
( A A A 
’469“ *389 

WHIRLPOOL UPRIGHT FREEZER, 
2o cu. ft., textured steel door, 
1oo% Frost Free, one only • white. 

WAS 
’459“*399 

1533 AUSTIN HWY. 

GE WASHER, fully automatic with core for heavy duty to fine washables, GE exclusive filter flo system that removes lint as it washes. 

WAS 
’249“*218 
SOUND 
DESIGN 
COMPONENT 
STEREO, AM/FM stereo receiver with 8 track tape player, 

ZENITH 
BLACK 
AND 
WHITE 
PORTABLE, 
12" diagonal personal size lightweight solid state. 

WAS , 
‘149“ 119 

WAS 
’129“ *95 

GE COLOR TV, 13" diagonal, solid state, modular chassis design, one touch color system, custom picture control. 

WAS 
‘369“*289 

RCA COLOR CONSOLE, XL IOO solid state, 25" diagonal, one only - reconditioned. 
‘298 

BLACK AND WHITE TV, 23" diagonal screen, 
(matching stand $1o) one only-recon­ ditioned. 
*7o 

GE ICE-IN-THE-DOOR REFRIG­ 
ERATOR, crushed or cubed ice, 
21 cu. ft. capacity, harvest gold, one only- repo. 

WAS 
‘769“*592 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 

GE AUTOMATIC DRYER, heovy duty, porcelain enameled drum, front lint filter, time cycle up up to 19o minutes with auto stop door switch, slight scratch cabinet, one onljf.____________ 

GE PORTABLE DISHWASHER, with power scrub, sound in­ sulated, normal and short wash, top and bottom spray arms, no filter to clean. 

WHIRLPOOL 
DRYER penna press fabric care, large lint filter, safety start door switch. 

RCA CONSOLE COLOR TV, 
Mediterranean styling, 
21" diagonal, solid state chassis, lighted channel indicator, walnut grained finish. 

WAS 
- A 
_ 
M 9o“ * I 59 □ 

WAS 
’259“*219 

WAS , 
‘169“ 149 

WAS 
’749“*598 

2311 S. HACKBERRY 

In addition lo “ Dark 
Testament.” her bonk of poems' the first of which was published in 1945 in 
“ South Today,” she is the author of several legal texts and “ Proud Shoes." an account of her child­ hood in Chapel Hill. N.C.. and the grandmother u ho raised her. 
Dr. M urray has re­ cently completed a sequel about her later years. 
She is barely 5 feet tall, somewhat fragile-looking 
— and intense. Her mo­ dest garden apartment in 
Alexandria is dominated by books, pictures of fa­ mily and friends and me­ ticulously organized file cabinets. 
Of the last, a friend says, “ Pauli has the most incredible files on ever­ ything and everyone. She has a very strong histori­ cal sense, a sense that everyhing she does is part of history. - 
“ She s e e s herself as an instrument for achiev ing things. That sense of his­ tory is why she tapes meetings, saves things.” 
Dr. Murray's files on the founding of th** Na­ tional Organization cif 
Women, in which she played a major role. an* at the Schlesinger L i­ brary on the* History of 
Women at Radcliffe. 
This sense* of history is reflected in an inoffen­ sive sort of egotism. Dr. 
Murray says matter-of- 

 lti my life I 
Int re never thought, 'Next. 
I leant to do this. 
The only thing I re ever said I wanted to do nos iv rite. 

 factly, “ I can act as an elder statesm an. Iv** made my reputation. I don t have to watch what 
I say.” 
Not that speaking softly was ever much of a con­ cern. It was, in fact. her outspokenness which led to a 2o-year friendship with Eleanor Roosevelt and a job as a deputy attorney general of Cali­ fornia in 1948. 
Though she claims not 
I lf have thought a lot about c hanging careers. 
M urray does admit to having spent years com­ ing to term s with her feelings about her an­ cestry. These feelings have clearly shaped her life and work. 
"lf you call me blac k, it s ridiculous physiologi­ cally, isn t it? I’m proba­ bly 5/8 white, 2/8 Negro 
— repeat American Ne­ gro — and 1/8 American 
Indian.” 
She is also a seventh generation Episcopalian from a professional fa­ mily. 
Her mother was a nurse, one of the first graduates of Hampton 
Institute i i i Virginia, and her father was a sc*cl»ii- 

 dary school princ ipal. 
Dr. Murray says she’s traced her family back to 
18o9. “ I began years be­ fore Alex Haley did. Pm always ahead of my time.” 
However, the accep­ tance of her multiple ori­ gins came only after spending several years in 
Ghana in the early ’HOs us a professor. “ The diffi­ cu lty.’’ she says, " is coming to terms with a mixed ancestry in a ra­ cist culture.” 
Dr. 
M urray insists she’s not rac ially unique. 
“ I don t believe that 
‘You came over in chains so how can you feel 
American?' That's pop­ pycock. Thousands are just like me. In fact, I probably feel more 
Am erican than many whites. I just want this country to live up to its billing.” 
How bas she dealt with her anger at the discri­ mination she s encoun­ tered. with the people* who opposed the racial 

Being a priest is the hardest thing 
I re ever done. 
The first 
48 hours trere the most difficult o f my life.' 

 reconciliation she* favors? 
“ Writing is my cath­ arsis.” she says. “ It saved my sanity. But you cannot sustain anger for years and years. It will kill you.” 
Another thing which has helped sustain her arc friends. It was the death of a particularly close friend in 197:5 that caused her to enter the priesthood. 
She says, “ The exper­ ience made me sit down and figure out what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. 
“ Being a priest is the* hardest tiling I ve ever done. The first 48 hours* were the most difficult of my life. I found myself on the receiving end of tre­ mendous human prob­ lems I didn't know how to bandle. 
“ I didn’t go around saying. ‘Come to Jesus' or anything like that," says Dr. Murray, appar­ ently amused at the image. 
She says that some­ times her an alytical training as a lawyer ena­ bled ber to sort out other 
People’s problems. At other times she simply listened to people until they felt better. 
Murray was m arried once, quite briefly, when she was very young. 
It is the one subject about which she is clearly reticient. 
As for traditional forms of relaxation, Dr. Murray seems singularly unin­ terested. sin* admits to laking long walks but is disdainful of television 
Sleeping is something to be done “ hard and fast” and in moderation. no more than six hours per night "Besides.” she adds, “ a lot of what you think is work I think is fun." 
Perhaps. 
But even 
Pauli M urray must ««► metimes want to slovi down and rest un her laurels. sin* looks momentarily indignant as she lights another c igarette. “ I d be dead if 
I did. 
We shouldn't stop growing 
‘till that last breath." 

ZENITH STEREO COMPONENT 
AM/FM stereo FM tuner, micro touch tone arm, 2 # 2 speaker matrix, Allegro System. 

WAS ( 
’269” 177 

WHIRLPOOL BUILT-IN DISH­ 
WASHER 2 cycles, full time filtering system, full size revolv­ ing spray arm, silverware baskef, I only - black glass front, slight cabinet mar. 

WAS ( 
‘269“ 199 

CENTRAL PARK 
341-3395 

I WONDERLAND I 
7 3 2 -7 1 9 1 

R S T I SOUTH MACKSEY M > I 
532-7375 

 rr^ T u sT trn !iG H W A 7 1 
824-6327 

19o2 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE] 
924-4268 

MAGNAVOX CONSOLE 
STE­ 
REO, Early American styling, 
AM/FM Receiver, turntable, 8 track tape player, one only- repo. 
______ 
WHIRLPOOL REFRIGERATOR, with Automatic lcemaker, 17 cu. ft. Frost Free, one only • floor models 
WHIRLPOOL ROOM AIR CON­ 
DITIONER, 
5ooo 
BTU, thermostat, 2 speed. 
___ 

ZENITH COLOR CONSOLE, 25 diagonal, Spanish styling solid state with color lock, one only - repo. 

[ 
This w e e k ’s d a te b o o k 

WAS 
‘499“*399 

UNIVERSAL CITY 
1658-5381 

S 4 9 9 

7-STORE 
BUYING POWER! 

MAKE MASS FACTORY PURCHASES 
AT LOW DEALER COSTS GIVING 
LARGER THAN EVER SAVINGS TO 

M O ND AY 
1o a.rn 
SAN A N T O N IO MU 

SICAL C L U B , b o ard of d ire c tors, in m e hom e of M rs fc 
J 
B iih a rfj 

11 JO e m W E S T W A Y C LUB, 

K a s id a h 
R e v ie w 
I J T . 
N o r t h 
A m erican Benefit Association, in t i R an ch o R esta u ran t on G oliad 
Road Luncheon w ill be followed bv a business m eeting 

1 2 3o p m 
C H A P T E R B X , 

PEO, in the hom e of M rs A 
D 
Stew art. M rs. R o b ert H ille o a s s will be a s s is ta n t hostess. N ew officers w ill be installed 

♦ JO p m , 
A M I S T A O 

C H A P T E R . 
A m e rica n Busin ess 
W om en s A ssociation, in the Ar den G ro v e P o r tv H o use 
R u th 
M a s o n w ill p r e s e n t a book review 
M rs. S h irley G e o rly w ill be vo cation al sp eaker 
Thom as 
M. H ill wa*, n a m e d A m is lo d 
Chapter Boss of the Y e ar 
I JO p m 
A L P H A 
N U 
P l 

C H A P T E R . 
B e ta Sigm a Ph i, in 
W oodlaw n H ills N ursing Hum e 
M rs. M ick ey Clock w ill be bos fess M rs M o n o M a i/ u ro n a w ill present ' Religion 

M O p m 
B E T A L A M B D A 

C H A P T E R , tp sM o n Sig m a Al 
Oho in the hom e at M rs. S a ra 
W h ite w h o w ill p r e s e n t a n ed uto nonai p rog ram on the m c trie system 
I JO p m 
P R E C E P T O R A L 

PHA K A P P A C H A P T E R . 
B r io sigm a Phi, in Hie hom e of M rs 
Ted B e n d e r w ho w ill p re s e n t 
The State of N eb raska 
I JO p m 
P R E C E P T O R GAM 

MA GAM M A. 
B e la Sigm a Phi. in the h om e of M r s 
D o ro th y 
Ridgely who wilt p resent a pro g ram on Quilting 
I JO p m. P R E C E P T O R P H I 

C H A P T E R . 
B e ld Sigm a Phi, in 

 int. nom e of M rs 
Jo e H a rv e y 
M rs 
G len Mov will p resent tnt program 
I JO p m 
X I 
R H O 
N U 
C H A P T E R , 
B e la Sigm a Ph i, in th e hom e of M rs 
Tom G ra n t 
M rs 
M organ Beck w ill present 
The 
M o d e r n 
W o r ld 
G overnm ent 

I p m 
X I 
A L P H A 
P S I 

C H A P T E R 
B rio Sig m a Ph i, rn the hom e of D ebbie M onroe lur ti p r o g r a m 
T r e n d s a n d 
M ovem ents in G overnm ent,'* 

T U ES D A Y 

IO JO a . rn 
T H E 
L A U R E L 
CLUB, in the B rig h t Shaw l with 
M rs N 
W N ance as hostess 
W E D N E S D A Y 

H J O a m 
PAST 
P R E S 

(DENTS CLUB, k a sid o h R e v te J 
U I. N A B A . in V illa T ran ch ese A 
(O vered dish d inner w ill b t served 

T H U R S D A Y 
IO a m C H A P T E R OO, PEO , 

 in the hom e of M rs 
R alp h Min delang 
M rs. R t 
M a rtin wit,) present the p rog ram 
IO JO o rn C H A P T E R X, PEO . rn the hom e at M rs 
O m ar v 
G reene J r 
M rs 
Hugh Shettield will present f g g ery Boutique 
Cohostesses will be M m es 
Ben 
S u e n g tr, W illia m a 
T u rn b u ll and Donald C Hudson 

SA T U RD A Y 

Noon 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 

B R A N C H , 
A M E R I C A N 
AS 

SO C IA T IO N OE U N I V E R S I T Y 
W O M E N , in th e 
C h u r c h 
Theater 
W ill A 
C arso n , m an ager. will discuss the theater and p ro d u ctio n s 
M is s M a r y B u rk holder w in p re s e n t slid e s on 
Oown A ce q u ia M o d re 
M is s 
LOSCO C 
Po rtasS Q in and M rs 
E d w a rd E M o rg an o re p rog ram chairm en 

J < 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

Brush on 

 highlight 

 of color 

A Lovely ai-ks: ' What is the best way to brighten drab brown hair.' Mine is positivt*- ly mousey. 
“ I have tried color rinses but, as they fade, paleness takes over. I hesitate to use a p erm anent tin t for fear it m ight settle into a sodden mass " 
The answer: There was a time w hen you could only pity a g irl w ith m ousey brown hair. Today that does not hold true lf she does not want to 

- B y ---------------------------------- 
MARY SLE MILLER 

 make a radical change — to red or to blond— she can be­ come a highlighted brunet 
She should investigate the subtle but glamorous effect of what is known as "to rto ise shelling " 
The process is quite simple and quick The finish is spar­ kling shades of tortoise shell with sunlight bouncing off it 
These are the steps 

Strands of hair are "p ain t­ ed'' with w ellite bleach. As each is treated, it is gathered into a pocket of alum inum foil Iii less than a half hour, the foil is removed and the h a ir is sham pooed and slightly dried. 
Then it is given a three- m inute saturation of cin n a ­ mon brown color — color charm — styled and dried 
Tin- end result is natural and exciting. 
This same process is open to blonds and redheads 

ARTISTS 
D o n n ie 
S tru n k a n d d a u g h te r, V ickie, w o rk on m urals on th e la w n fo r S outhw est Foundation Forum G ala 
Volunteering talent 

M any of San Antonio's best­ known artists have volunteered their talent to paint theatrical backgrounds for the Southwest 
Foundation Fo ru m 's Gala M ay 
14 at the Lutcher Center 
The a rtists gathered at the home of the Morris Gaffes to de­ corate IS of these ‘‘props" in the 
Gold Rush theme of Old San 
Francisco. These mobiles will 

 turn the gardens of the Lutcher 
Center into a street iii the C ali­ fornia of 1H4!) 

Among the volunteer artists donating 2(1 hours of time were 
Bob B ra d le y . Gene B ailsm an , 
Donnie Strunk and Luis Guzman from the Southwest Craft Center. 

A lso. Jo s e \ iv es-A ts a ra :. 
Bren d a 
Pen n in g to n . 
Dave 

Stewart, John Caruth, M ary L. 
Sumner. Charlie Sumner. Steve 
Vollm er. Yvonne W illis. Minis! 
\\ albridge. 
Additionally. Kathy Tate. Je s ­ sica Stringer. Barbara and John 
R id g ill. M ary Belledom . Lisa 
Ja lfe and M aggie Reed 
M rs 
Frnest l ellbaum and Mrs. Roy 
McGinnis are co-chairmen of the event 

Denim goes w h ite for a dynam ically different, decidedly cool looking S um m er 

Pacific Play Toys brings you great white denim, dramatically accented and top stitched to 

 mdiyo for a smashing, tan flattering look anywhere you go1 All sizes 8 to 16. 

Left: 1 button blazer with patch pockets, back vent. 28 OO. Pant with two front 

 pockets, " v " belt loops, 2o.oo. Right 4 button vest with front and back indigo yoke 

 insets (can be worn alone, too), 14.oo. Gaucho skirt, two natch pockets 

 with indigo accents and " v " belt loops, 17 OO Moderate Sportswear 

 by Rhodes and Mademoiselle, March 31 

^ lC A o . | , a \ 
6 o o P M in Rhodes Wonderland Main 
CALIrORNIA \ Level. Marvelous door prizes, too1 
.SNSRSy. 

No/th Star & Wonderland Shop Mon. Sat. 1o to 9; Rhodes Charge, Master Charge, 
BankAmericard, American Express. An </Wac 
Company. 
McCreless • Northwest • South Pork • Windsor Pork • Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

1 9/1 JC P tfon** C o 
Inc 

How do you shape up for Spring? 

Softly. 
In figure-hugging polyester? 

 the JCPenney 
JCPenney 

Like it? Charge it. Use your 
JCPenney Charge Card. 
For other home values, shop the JCPenney Catalog. 

It s a whole new kind of shirtd'ess— now that it s in static free Visa* polyester knit You'll love how it feels and looks on your body 
Button front, self belt over elasticized waist. Choose from the nicest colors, sizes 8 to 2o. i>24 

 doing your ow n thing + + + doing your ow n thing + + + doing your ow n thing 
Page 
I P E S on Antonio EXPRES S N E W S — Sunday M ar 27 1977 

Carpet Cake 

 by Ted O'Krent 

P h y sic ia n , T u r n Y o u r Ga/** In w a rd 
N 

 r v r r b e fo re iii tlit- I i i>t«*rv o f th *' w o r ld Ila " thor** h*"fii so imik Ii lo a m in g iii th** fi*'l«l o f m e d ic in e , vet n e v e r b e fo re h a s th ere been so little r o u t in g to 

 til*- k n o w le d g e o f e o m iia s sio n w it h in p h y sic ia n s . T h is b r in g s u p th *' rp je siio n : 

" W hat is w id s o n i " ' f 
H e le n K*'ll*-r. w h o iii lie r o w n w a y in a v b e r a ile d « hi** * if « hi r w o r ld 's g reatest 

 p h y s ic ia n s , said : ' J o i n th e great c o m p a n y o f ilio s e w h o m a k e th** b a rre n p la c e s 

 o f life f r u it f u l w ith k in d n e s s . I h e g reat e n d u r in g re a litie s ar*' h iv e a n d s e rv ic e . 

Jo y is th*' h o ly fire th a t k e e p s o u r p u rp o s e w a rm a n il o u r in te llig e n c e a g lo w . 

R e s o lv e to k e e p h a p p y , an d y o u r joy s h a ll fo rm an in v in c ib le host a g ain st 

 d if f i c u l t y . " ( .o m p a s s io n a te lv h e lp in g o th e rs i" n o t o n ly c h e e rfu ln e s s and c u re , 

 b u t a lso th e fu e l w h ic h k e e p s it b u rn in g . 
W is d o n i am i M o r a lit y 

N o *!**• to r b e c o m e s m i d h e a rte d at o n c e . H a u l h e a rt cd ness is n o t n a tiv e to 

 h i s s o u l; it has to be ta m e d . 
\ n v a p a th y o r a ffe c tio n re p e a te d ly a c te d u p o n 

 r e c e i v e s le s s a n d le s s a tte n tio n fro m th e c o n s c ie n c e , u n t il f ilia lly it a lm o st 

 b e c o m e s a u t o m a t ic , b k*' r e a c h in g fo r th*' B ib le o r sa v in g a p r a y e r a fte r o n e has 

 a c q u ir e d th e h a b it 

 ll is tru e th a t w it h c a r li d o c to r 's s p e c ia liz a tio n , co m e s c o u n tle s s h o u rs of e x ­ 

 p e r im e n ta tio n a u d re s e a rc h , p r o b in g w ith w o rry a m i w o n d e r. W it h a ll th is. 

 th e n * is ap t to be a fo rg e tfu ln e s s o f th e p r im e s u b j e c t , th*' p e rs o n - th*' p a tie n t. 

 lo o o fte n lh*- p h y s ic ia n is s a tis ife d to m e re ly d iv id e h is p a tie n t's p ro b le m in to 

 tw o cla s se s; th* o rg a n ic a n d th*1 f u n c tio n a l o r m o rb id diseas*'. 
M th o u g h e a c h 

 c la s s ific a tio n d e m a n d s a b ro a d fie ld o f k n o w le d g e , th e p h y s ic ia n m u st be e v e r 

 m in d fu l th a t b is a n s w e rs ar*' p u re ly a c a d e m ic , s p e c u la tiv e an d c o n je c t u r a l. In 

 e ith e r ca se . it i~ th*- p e rs o n w h o is ill a u d is u n q u e s tio n a b ly d e s e rv in g o f h is 

 c o m p a s s io n w it h i i ti I i i i i it «*«) p a tie n c e . rh** d o c t o r inn-1 r e m e m b e r to o th a t h is p a te iu ts ar*' n o t m e re ly in d iv id u a ls . 

H i" a u t o m o b ile is an in d iv id u a l; th a t is. Ii*- c a n say ti* h is c a r d e a le r; 
I d o n 't 

 lik e th a t * a r . g ive i i i *' th is o n e ." B u t h is h e a rt m u st te ll h im th a t th e re is n o 

 s u b s titu te fo r a fa t h e r o r a m o th e r o r c h ild o r h u s b a n d o r a w if*'. It is w itll th e se 

 th a t c a d i d o c t o r m u st ile a l. In th e fie ld o f h e a rtle s s th in g s , p o s itiv e an d n e g a tiv e 

 e le c t r ic a l s p a rk s c o n ta c t o n e a n o th e r . 
B u t d o c to rs hay*' c o m m u n io n w ith 

 h u m a n s , t h e ir p a tie n ts , a u d tru e c o m m u n io n liv e s o n ly b e tw e e n p e rs o n an d 

 p e rs o n , lh * ' d o c to r 's ca se i* n o t m e re ly an a p p e n d e c to m y in ro o m o ld . T h e re 

 ar*' n o d ise a se s; th e re ar*' o n ly s ic k p erso n s. 

H c i n c i u h c r 

T o b«' b o th m e n ta lly e x c e lle n t a n d m o ra lly h a rd e n e d a u d c a llo u s s t i ll a l l o w s 

 m a n lo be o rd a in e d a d o c to r, a p s y c h o lo g is t a u d e ve n a th e o lo g ia n , b u t w ill 

 n e v e r, n e v e r m a k e h im a s a in t. It is tim e now th a t e a c h o f us le a rn s th a t tru e 

 w is d o m is fo u n d not iii m e re ly a d v a n c in g m e n ta lly b ut in s in c e re s p iritu a l 

 relat io u . 

It is o n ly w h e n o u r s p ir it u a l s e lf h u m b ly d is c o v e rs o u r n e e d o f s o m e th in g 

 m o n ’ th a n th a t w h ic h c o m e s fro m b o o k ', d o th e w in d s o f iM 'iite* ost b lo w a* m s s 

 e a c h so u l 
H o w O fte n H u m id My C a rp e t B e P ro fe s sio n a lly I le an ed 

W lo 'ii th e o v e r a ll a p p e a r a n c e of th*' c a rp e t seem s s o m u te d w ith fo re ig n 

 s u b s ta n c e a u d w h e n s p o t c le a n in g a m i d a ily v a e u u n iin g a re n o t s u ffic ie n t , th e n 

 hay*' y o u r c a rp e t p ro fe s s io n a lly c le a n e d 

T ile r * ' ar*' 2 ty p e s o f s u c h c le a n in g : S te a m a m i d r y d e te rg e n t fo a m . T h is is th** 

 tim e v o n m u st b e e s p e c ia lly c a r e fu l in s e le c tin g y o u r p ro fe s s io n a l c le a n in g c o m ­ 

 p a n y b e c a u s e . I b e lie v e , o n ly an e x p e rt c a rp e t m a n fro m a w e ll e s ta b lis h e d a u d 

 r e lia b le st or** s h o u ld b e ca H eil in lo a n a ly z e .i i i *! a d v is e . 

R e m e m b e r ! N o t a ll c a rp e ts c a n a c c e p t ste am c le a n in g a n d a b o v e a ll. not a ll 

 ste am c le a n in g e q u ip m e n t is a c c e p ta b le to .ill c a rp e t q u a litie s . 

N e x t W e c k 

W e w ill d isc u ss : 
T ru th a b o u t s h a g s ." I u til th e n t h in k th is o v e r: W i n n w e 

 c o m e b o rn e fro m w o r k . w e used to say: 
W h a t s c o o k in g ' 
N o w w e sax: 
W h at s thawing?" 
...... 
I m p u r e A b o u t ----------- 
— 

Pincushion is a china doll 

• Im p o r ta n t b o o k le t o n ( a rp e t t a rc 

• P h o n e . W rite . o r V is it T e d t * b r e n t 

• ( > k re n t S p e a k e r ’s 

• .W U S a n P e d r o 
• 

Q. 
“ I ’m always scouring the markets searching for old pincushion dolls." 
Fran, Rapid City, 
S D . 
A. Th*' half figures of china or bisque made with unglazed bases and holes fur sewing, known as pincushion dolls. popped info prominence around the turn of the century. 
These lovely ladies ap­ peared in many varieties ranging from the Harden 
Party G irls to the fun hiving Flappers. 
Children, men and ani­ mal subjects were pro­ duced, hut in very limit­ ed quantifies 
Marked examples are in short supply, although many d o lls bear the country of origin “ G er­ many.” 
It may take more than a little pin money to pur­ chase a pincushion doll with its arms extending from th*> body or holding an object such as a m ir­ ror or fan Value guide: 
China, molded hairdo. 
192os. $28. 

(- lim a 

(J. 
“ Is It S Germany china d esirab le?” 
— Eleanor. Indiana. Pa. 
A. Faced with ever es­ calating prices on R S. 
Prussia wares, many ceram ic seekers are starting to hoard the somewhat more plentiful and less expensive R S. 
Germany pieces. 
Wholesalers of the late 
ISOOs proclaimed it as a high grade line of dis­ tinction. beautifully and tastefully decorated. No one would dispute their claim 
Value guide: howl, puppies. 9 inches d ia­ meter, $4o; cookie jar. pink carnations, $4H; syr­ up pitcher, roses. $:I7. 

Puzzle 

Q 
' The vocabulary and abbreviations uti* 
I i zed by autograph dealers proves puzzling to me." —Hank. Peters­ burg. Va. 
A. 
Here is a quickie course on autograph jar­ gon that hopefully will 

T 

In San Antonioi 
51/ McOalati W o w ........................514-4154 
2o4 Wonderland Strapping City ... . 735 416* 
221 Control Fort* Shopping Conto* .. 342-S233 
/1SSW Military Deva.................. 922 21)1 
VoUoy Hi Molt 
........................ 4/3 o131 
Now Ir a u n M n 
94o W San Antonio Stroot 
........... 425 451o 
Universal City: 
4o9 Fat Inokor lo a d .....................4 S I4 I/ I 

Pricey optional at participating dealer* 

SAVE $65 OM 

SAVE W 
V O N THE ATHEMA* 2ooo 
ELECTROMIC MACHINE 
It ha* a pre programmed memory bank that controls and changes 25 stitches by touching buttons It measures your button and makes a buttonhole to fit, all in one step You get the Singer* exclusive push button front drop In bobbin and a 
Flip f» Sew* 2 way sewing surface for hard to-reach places, too Cabinet or carrying case extra 

 a 
S 1 Q Q 9 5 
V a, ■ ~ 
MOW ONLY 1 7 5 
I J T f THIS STYLIST* FREE ARM MACHINE 
I 
Sew-, in hard to reach places Has four stretch stitches for 
* 
* * 
4 knit and stretch fabrics, and a built in buttonholer, too 
M od el 5 J4 

S 1 C Q 9 5 
NOW ONLY 1 o 7 
ON THE FASHION MATE 
ZIG ZAG MACHINE WITH 
CABINET it has a wide assortment of stitches, in­ cluding an elastic stretch stitch, a built­ in buttonholer and our front drop-in bobbin Model 36o/7o9. 

SINGER ta&WMG C ito la * **<o r>*»ttctr*s»*G APPwoviD D ixit**', 

/ ^ VA 

 unfurrow your brow: 
ALS. autograph lofter signed, 
(w ritten and signed in the same handwriting); US. letter signed, (letter written in the handwriting of one person, hut signet! by another). 
Also 
D. document; 
ADS. autograph docu­ ment signed. Als. manu­ script; AMS, autograph 
• m anuscript signed; T. typed; TLS, typed letter signed; Apes, autograph posteartl signed; ANS. autograph note signed. 
Authentic autographs rale as super acquisitions and arc regarded as 
“ write-on" collectibles. 
Value guide: General 
Douglas 
M acA rthur, 
TLS, $135. 

•A Trademark of THE SINGER CO M PAN Y 

7 ie 

By 
NORMAN H. STARK 
Protect canvas 

On occasion I allow myself the luxury of re­ m iniscing about my youth 
I had a 1933 used Ford convertible that was beautiful. It was a tan color with a light beige top 
When I think about it. I realize that ii would do *. anything that a new mo- I del does today and some 1 tilings a lot better, at a considerably lower cost. 
So where’s the progress? 
But those canvas or fa­ bric tops, whether on a boat or a car. do need at­ tention Here's how you eau keep them w ater­ proofed ana dirt resis­ tant. 
You'll need one quart of isopropyl alcohol, one-eighth cup white shellac and one teaspoon castor oil Mix all three ' ingredients together and store in metal, glass or plastic container. 
To use: Wash material with soap and water to remove existing dirt and allow to dry thoroughly. 
Paint on a thin coat of the solution with a soft brush and be sure sur­ face is completely dry before lowering top. 
Note: Isopropyl alcohol is toxic and both it and the shellac are flamma­ ble. 
Like any chemical pro­ duct you use at home, you should store this one safely, laiiel it — listing ingredients and noting any cautions — and keep it out of reach of c h il­ dren. 
Now you can obtain 
T ilt: FO RM U LA BOOK 
2, the exciting follow up lo 
T H E 
F O R M U LA 
BO O K, with all new easy-to-make formulas for personal, home, and pet care. Price only $5 95 
And we now have ava­ ilable 
(loth 
FORM ULA books iii a handsome gift pack — two oversized paperback hooks in a durable slip case, ideal for gifts or home refer­ ence Only 111 9o. 
Please indicate w bet her you want F O R ­ 
M ULA I, 2, or the two- volume gift pack. Write to 
T H E 
F O R M U LA 
BOO K, Express-News. 
Box 2171, San Antonio, 
Tex., 78297. 

Q. "What is the origin tif the cuckoo clock?" — 
Henry, St Louis. Mo. 
A . Those clever clock­ m a k e r residing in the 
Black Forest region of 
Germany introduced this type of hanging wall clock in the early 17oos. 

These handcrafted timepieces were produced in various sizes, the amount of or­ namentation varying somewhat depending on the skill of the maker. As a general rule, the fan­ cier the clock, the higher the value. 
The enduringly popular swiss chalet ver­ sion is perhaps best known to those who heed the call of the cuckoo. 
They were extensively export od from Europe. in the late 18oos when one elaborate model boasting a "hand carved" bird top sold for the affordable price of $7.95. 
When the cuckoo calls, clock collectors listen! 
Value guide: medium 

 size, circa 189o, $125. 
Q. "While cleaning out the cupboard. I dis­ covered a bowl marked 
‘Near-Cut.’” — Lucy. 
Trenton. N J. 

A . Nowadays it pays to peer inside glass objects as those hearing factory trademarks are treasured. 
Your particular find orginated at the famed 
Cambridge (Hass Com­ pany active in Cam ­ bridge. Ohio, between 
19o1 and 1954 
Their pressed glass presentations bearing this trademark had de­ signs sim ilar to those found on costly cut glass pieces. Also he on the lookout for pieces hear­ ing tilt: firm s’s other trademark consisting of the letter C within a triangle. 
Collectors agree Cam­ bridge glass has a touch of class! Value guide: howl, thistle pattern. 8 inch diameter. $22. 

Mickey 

Q. “ More prices on 
Mickey Mouse items, please.” — Jim , M u r­ freesboro. Tenn. 

A . 
Dear 
M ickey remains a No. I attrac­ tion at the flea market box office, thanks to those devoted nostalgia antique buffs who seek his memorabilia. 

Value guide: Airplane, 
“ M ickey’s A ir M a il” , 
$4o; belt buckle, silver- plated, $12; Mickey and 
Minnie, $4o; telephone, metal, $3o; toy, Mickey 
Mouse m echanical tin band. 193os, Marx. $225, umbrella. $17.5o. 

Breweries 
Q. 
“ I noticed numer­ ous item s advertising breweries at the local m arket.” —Mrs. D .L., 
Salisbury, N.C. 

A . 
Brewenana is the term applied to numer­ ous articles distributed by breweries to promote their products. 
Collectors have deve­ loped an unquenchable thirst for this material which includes ashtrays, glasses, cans, trays, mugs, signs and posters. 

Flca M*RjfeT finds by DAN O' IM F f llO 

Value guide: beer glass. “ E. L. Porter 
Brew ing 
Co.” , 
$11; 
Broadside, “ Anheuser 
Busch” , color, 189o, $15o; mug, "Blatz Beer", pot­ tery. $12; thermometer, 
“ Stpgmaier Beer", $2o; tray. 
“ V alley 
Forge 
Beer". $32. 
Appraise your antiques and collectibles with the 

 aid of Dan D’Imperio’s book and value guide. 
“ The ABC’s of Victorian 
Antiques." Dodd, Mead & 
Co.. 
$9.95. 
An auto­ graphed copy may be or­ dered from the Crown 
Syndicate. Inc., Express- 
News. Box 2171, San An­ tonio, Tex. 78297. Please include a check or money order. 

Current prices 

Knot flat fifties tm .................................... $4o.oo 
Hopulong Cassidy cookie jar..................... $3o.oo 
Harold Lloyd wind-up toy, M arx............. $175.oo 
Mission style gate leg table, oak............. $18o.oo 
Currier & Ives print. "God Bless Our 
Home." medium folio...................................$55 OO 
Shirley Tem ple........................................... $1H (H) 
Libbey paperweight. Washington's hatchet. World's Fair. 1893"..................... $5o tit) 
Oyster fork, "Illinois Central" railroad. silverplated. .................................... $e.oo 
Remington pocket knife. 2 blade, pearl handle................................................. $3o oo 
Please note: Prices may vary depending on condition and geographic location. 

 i.c 

Charming gift for tho 
Easter season. The halves part, to be filled with small candies, nuts, potpourri., .whatever imagination suggests. tong. Gift boxed. 

OPEN YOUR OWN ACCOUNT, 
Or use Ms srsr Cbsrgt, BankAmencard, A u m teen Express. 
LUIZ 

JE W E L E R S 
TO THE W O RLD 
SIN C E 1877 

C E N T R A L P A R K M A L L 

341 4481 
WINDSOR PARK WALL 
654 6435 

Easter Classics. 

Dress your children up in the finest shoes available. 
Stride Rite shoes. We’ve got many new styles and we've got them in more sizes and widths than anyone else. Better looking, better fitting shoes from Stride Rite. Easter Classics. 

A sk any m other about § t l i d C R it e 

• WINDSOR PARK 
MON. TMV! SAT. 
IO a.ta. 'HI 9 p.rn. 

■ 

• NORTH STAR 
MON TUIS. THURS.-NII. 
IO AJA N it PJL 
WIP. A SAT. IO a.ai. til 4 g at 

• WONDERLAND 
MON THRU TRI. 
IO a.m 'til 9 p m 
SAT. IO t m. 'til 4 p.m. 

^ 
#«* 
^»^VS * ' **.. •»> A, w ,. 
A ,♦•<** .> ,* ^ -)V 
’ 
* ‘ 
4 ‘ 
• 
. • ■• • - ' ’ • 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sundoy Morch 27 1977 

B y 

OR. W A L t 
M E N N IN G E R 
Why not adoption? 

Recently, from Mrs. C 

Everyone has a problem. What's yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, 
Tex. 
78297. 
Enclose a stamped, self-addressed envelope, please. 
/ to file bankruptcy. He is also an alco­ holic. but lie’s not as bad as Mom 
I am the oldest child and have a family of my own. But seeing my par­ ents this way now m akes me sick. 
Mother wants a divorce. 
Dad really loves her and has tried to make things better. He has talked with each of us older children, but I just don’t know what to say. 
They both told me when I married that “ m arriage is no bed of roses; it’s only as good as you make it.’’ Why ca n ’t p a r e n ts p ra c tic e what they preach. 
I don’t want to see them divorced 
(They still have a boy, 9. and a girl. 4. at home.) How can I snap them out of this mess? - TROUBLED 
DEAR TROUBLED: As long as your parents are looking for answers in alcohol, they'll pay little attention to your pleas. Urge them to call Alcoho­ lics Anonymous. (They’re listed in the phone book.) lf your parents can han­ dle this one major problem, all others will be much easier to solve. 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I recently retired from the 
Marine 
Corps after 3o years of service — never m arried, but lived with a number of women. 
Six months ago, I took myself a bride. 
She 

 is w onderful, b u t — here’s the problem. 
I have always consid­ ered the bathroom a private place. Not so the 
Mrs. She thinks I ’m a prude. 
When I lock the b ath ­ room door she gets angry and screams, “ When are you going to get over this ridiculous hang*up?" 
I believe I am rieh t. 

 rW arc/os fa (7fode 

 lf >ou ha*f a problem let 
Aim bander*, help >ou s«l\r it. Write Ann Landers, care of the Express News. P O 
Box 2171. San Antonio. 
Tex.. 7K2S7. 

She insists I’m wrong — and says I need psycho­ logical help. You decide. 
— Impasse In Louisville 

Dear Impasse: There 

I shared a letter 
S. in Cleveland who urged adoption rather than abortion. Here are some reac­ tions to her suggestion: 
Dear Dr. Menninger, 
The letter from Mrs. C S. was very much appre­ ciated She spoke of the “ great happi­ ness" brought lo many when a mother carries her unwanted pregnancy to term and gives up the baby for adop­ tion by lov ing parents. 
May I add. I am a mother of 12 chil­ dren. The doctor advised an operation after my third baby and again after our loth. which was a mongoloid. I am a registered nurse and my husband is a conservative pastor. 
We both believed God would care for us and our children, so no operation was perform ed We had 12 healthy, happy children; and the boy, who is mongoloid, is a real blessing to all who know him. He is a great help to me in our home. 
As for how we provide for such a big family, I can only say God keeps His promise to supply the needs of those who are His and we thank Him for it. — 
Mrs. R.W., Pennsylvania. 
Adoption 

Dear Dr. Menninger. 
In recent months you have written a number of N colum ns displaying a pro abortion bias. I want to praise you for the recent colum n headlined. “ Abortion robs many of chance to adopt." 

While you yourself did not write the letter, you at least had the decency to print it under your name. I would hope that you wouid go further. 'Abortion simply cannot be reduced to worrying about couples who are not fertile. 

At the very center of the controversy is the most basic of human rights — the very right to life itself. Hopefully you would use your talents to promote respect for every human life, born or unborn, healthy or sick, strong or handicapped. — J . P.M.. Ohio. 

Dear Dr. Menninger, 
I agree that adoption is a very real alternative to a problem pregnancy and one which can he beneficial to all parties involved 
However. I am one of many people who sincerely support the “ right to choose" decision 

The very important Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Waid in 1973 assures that any woman faced with an un­ planned pregnancy has a right to choose how she will deal with her problem, whether her choice is adop­ tion. abortion, or keeping the child 

The implications of that decision are great, but most importantly, everyone is capable of deciding if and when they wish to become parents. Women no longer have to punish themselves for nine months by carrying an unwanted pregnancy to term 
— 
K.G., 
Lo­ uisiana. 

I nwanted 

Dear Dr. Menninger, 
“ Instead of abortion, why not adoption" really got me. These people who cannot have babies haven’t the faintest idea of what it is to carry a baby under your heart for nine months and then give it away 
Some can, some cannot. 

This part about abortion should be up to each individual woman — not man not doctor, not government. This between the woman and her God. 

I am not a chicken who can lay an egg and have it taken away and forget it If 
I gave out a baby for adoption, I would never forget it. 

And many adopted children become emotionally disturbed when they learn they were not wanted or could not be cared for. — Mrs. DAI., Michigan. 

Dr. Menninger’s most popular writ­ ings are now available in his new book, 
H APPINESS WITHOUT SEX AND 
OTHER THINGS TOO GOOD TO M ISS. j 
This 2o4-page cloth-bound book is ideal as a gift to a friend or loved one or 

 as a valuable source in your own per­ sonal library. 

Send only $5 95 (postpaid) to HAP­ 
PINESS. Express-News, Box 2171. San 
Antonio. Tex.. 78297. 

 problem corner + + + problem corner + + + problem corner + + + problem corner + + + problem 
Reasoning no help 

DEAR ABBY: My son brings his two children over here and leaves them with me all day. 
They are both boys, ages 5 and 
7, and they are a handful! 
I know boys will be boys, but these two are unbelievable. The competition between them is te rrific , and the fighting and yelling really get on my nerves. 
I ve tried to reason with the boys, but while I’m talking, their eyes reveal that each is contemplating where he can hit his brother where it will hurt the most. Even my large dog cowers in a corner of the garage for tile day. 
Don't tell me that I need a man a r­ ound the house. I AM the man. Why 
Can’t thev act like b ro th e rs ? — 
GRANDPA. LAGUNA BE ACH 
DEAR GRANDPA: They ARE act ing like brothers. (Cain and Abel.) 
Competition and a certain amount of scrapping and yelling is normal for siblings of that age, but if they get on your nerves, ask your son not to leave the boys in your care until they shape up. 
Problem 
DEAR ABBY: My parents have been married 2fi years, and they’ve been through a lot together — more good than bad. Mother has had 15 preg­ nancies. of which six children lived. 
But now she has a new problem — al­ cohol! 
Dad had an ulcer operation and had 
Protecting privacies 

 ipa zht 

BARE TRAPS 
Rust Of b la c k leather on w o o d 
34 OO 

• Downtown • Woodmont) • Military floio • Morth Star • Windsor Pork 

 about such matters. Each individual m ust decide for him self what is a c ­ ce p ta b le. W h atev er is acceptable is “ right." 
In some marriages the 
Open Door Policy oper­ ates in every room in the house. If both parties Uke it that way it’s nobody else’s business. 
Obviously you do NOT like it that way and your w ishes should be r e ­ spected. You are not in need of psychological help. Your wife is. 
A w om an who is so grossly insensitive — not to mention domineering 
— that she would deny her husband this basic f unda me nt a l pr i vacy should get her head checked. 

JW aryos fa rfCode 

YOUR SPRING WARDROBER . . . 
» four piece jacket, sleeveless blouse, skirt and pant in sunny yellow with green. . . sizes 8-16 . . . 3o.oo. 
• Dow niow n a fitm a n n e d • M d .f i y H o w • H o n k Star • W m d w ftr fc J 

\ 
A 

II 

 black shiny! spring passion at Bakers. 15.99 

Q U A L I C R A F T S H O E S T O R E S 

Use your Mists 

225 E. HOUSTON ST., D o w n ie r 

MILITARY DRIVE PLAZA . WINDSOR PAF 

L PARK MALL 

/ONDERLAND C£NTE< 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
You want to marry me? Sign here, please! 

 kl V T liil-f K lllA /t I’ tDW K I a a 
____J , 
* 
I L 
A 
N Y TIMES N E W S SERVICE 
LOS ANGELES - “ It’s a cold-blooded way to enter a m arriage,” said 
Raoul 
L. 
Felder, a New York lawyer. 
“ It's very calculating.’’ 
Felder was speaking of the prenup­ tial contract, an arrangem ent under which property and rights are decided before the wedding. O thers do not share the lawyer's view, pointing out that a growing number of people are interested in these pacts, and that they reflect a growing consciousness of parity in marriage. 
\n actress and a writer here, both in their late Uhs. decided to marry and. as 

 many people of their age and status have, they went to a lawyer to have a prenuptial contract written. 
Under part of the contract, each would have agreed that the marriage was "a primary but not an exclusive relationship..” The actress wouldn’t agree. They were never married. 
Among young couples and wealthy people who have signed such con­ tracts before m arrying, everything from money to housework has been div Hied. 
But the co n tracts are often “ the death knell of a m a rria g e ,” Felder said in an interview . “There aren't too many people,” hi* went on. “ who can deal with such contracts on a viable 

 basis. People begin to quibble about the term s of the contract, and the re­ sult is that they never get m arried.” 
According to Felder and other lami- ly-law specialists who w ere in te r­ viewed, most clients who request such contracts are wealthy, older men who have had at least one divorce and want to protect their financial assets in advance of another divorce. The U.S. 
Supreme Court ruled last June that prenuptial contracts dividing property are valid as long as they do not promote divorce. 
R eq u ests for the c o n tra c ts , the lawyers reported, have increased three to five times since 1971. They cost $25o to $2,5oo. depending on complexity. 

Other clients include young couples who, influenced by the women’s liber­ ation movement, do not wish to go along with state marriage laws that give a husband executive control over property and domicile. Their con­ tracts. in addition to dividing property and assets, generally divide housework and child-rearing and allow for separ­ ate careers outside the home. 
Most, it is said, guarantee mono- gramy. Some contracts even attempt to regulate such behavior as nagging about skin blemishes or chores not done. Felder said that attempts to achieve contractual terms outside the financial area were “delusions.” be­ cause they were not legally enforcea­ 

 ble. “ They’re demanding rights that don’t exist.” he said. 
Marvin Sussman, a sociologist who has studied more than 1.5oo prenuptial agreements, said on the basis of letters he has received that many kinds of people in all parts of the country are interested in them. 
"I get pleading letters from mothers w ho hope that a contract will open their children’s eyes about m arriage,” said 
Sussman, who is the chairman of the 
Science and Mental Health Department at Bowman Gray Medical School in 
North Carolina. 
On the growing consciousness of marital parity, he commented:’’That’s not to say that all women are giving up their home roles and running like Iliad 

 to the work force — it’s a matter of men sh arin g m ore of the hom em aking role.” 
Harvey Sadis and Harriet Cody, who were married five years ago in Seattle, have a prenuptial contract that, as many do, divides household chores evenly: He does the laundry, she ba­ lances their checkbook and they keep a record of who has done the cooking. 
Harriet Cody — she has kept her 
.m aiden nam e — was m arried p re­ viously, and she says that her divorce coincided with the beginning of the women’s movement. “ I became a fe­ minist and made certain decisions on the type of relationship I wanted with a man.” 

San Antonio EX PR ESS- N EW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
Page 

E X M t E S S -N IW S 
S cene n 

March 27 1977 
Ft. Sam chapel is setting for wedding vows 

Miss B ettye Dawn B u rro u g h s be­ cam e the bride of Dav id Richard Shaw of New Braunfels, Saturday iii Chapel 
O ne of Ft. Sam Houston. The Rev. 
Henry Brigmur) officiated. 
The bride is the (laughter of Mr aud 
Mrs Donald R. Burroughs, The groom is the son of Henry s. Shaw of New 
Braunfels and the late Mrs Shaw 
Matron of honor was B arbara Kot­ zebue B ridesm aid was Patti Page. 
S e rv in g a s b est m all w a s Bee 
M cM urtry, 
G room sm an was 
Steve 
Scott Assisting as ushers were Donald 
Shaw. Dennis Burroughs aud Michael 
Burroughs. 
Following the cerem ony, a reception was held at the Holiday Inn North 
MRS. DAVID R. SHAW 
Marian Theresa Fohn bride of Mark Baird 

MRS. M A. BAIRD 

Miss M arian T heresa 
Fohn becam e the bride of 
Mark A. Baird of Hous­ ton. Saturday in St. M ar­ g a re t M ary’s C atho lic 
C h u rc h . 
Officiating w ere the Rev. M arvin 
D o erfler and the Rev. 
Paul Cleary. 
T h e b rid e is th e daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
J a c k ll 
Fohn. 
T h e groom s parents a n 1 Mr. and Mrs David L. Baird 
Sr. of Irving. 
M atron of honor was 
Mrs 
David E. Rennert. 
Bridesmaids were Kerry 
If You’ve Ever Wondered 
What Love Is ... 
Find Out Today in the Express. 

UNDERFED ARTISTS 
ART SAI! 

THIS SUNDAY 

NOTHING O v a‘ 3 5 
MOST UNM*<2o 

•INCLUDING BEAUTIFUL SOFA-SIZE PAINTINGS 
IDEAL FOR GIFTS 
THESE ARE HNB QUALITY WORKS BY OVER ISO PROKES- 
StONAL ARTISTS FROM SEVERAL COUNTRIES ANO DEFI­ 
NITELY NOT BY LOCAL, AMATEUR ARTISTS AND STU- 
MNTS. 
FREE ADMISSION 

SAN 

SUNDAY, 1o:oo AM-5:oo PM 
ANTONIO CONVENTION CENTER 
(Al MARKET & ALAMO STREETS) 

LAKE 

Tealer vows are read in 
Trinity chapel 

Miss Ethel Louise Anderson and E r­ nest C harles T ealer of G onzales ex­ changed m arriag e vows Saturday in the M argarita B. P a rk e r Chapel at 
Trinity University. The Rev. Troy Bell officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
Maude Johnson. The groom is the son of M r. and M rs. T im T e a le r of 
Gonzales. 
Matron of honor was Brenda Perry, man. B ridesm aids were Sandra Talbot, 
Gwendolyn Craddock, Bobbye B urle­ son, Lynda M ayberry, Melissa F itz ­ gerald and Jackie McClintok. 
Flower girls were Patrice Hayden and. Laura Cottrell. R ingbearers were 
Byron Polk and David Talbot. 
S erv in g as best m an w as E d die 
Mayberry. G room sm en were Melvin 
Tealer, Dennis Tealer, W illie Tealer. 
Major Craddock, Dwight T ealer and 
Eddie Anderson .lr. Ushers were Leon­ ard S p e n c e r, Jo s e p h J a c k s o n and 
Lonnie Johnson. 

Baird of Waco and Be­ verly Fabisaek. 
T he g r o o m 's fa th e r se rv e d as best m a n . 
Groomsmen were Jam es 
Wilhelm of Lubbock and 
Mike 
Boral) of 
F o rt 
Worth. Ushers were Ken­ neth Kotara of Houston and John Kotara. 
A reception was held in the Pecan Valley Country 
Club following the cere­ mony. 
After a wedding trip to 
Saute Fe. N. M.. the cou­ ple will reside in Hous­ ton. 

 rn. UL I* OKVO WIST M a MUM tu t ll. LMS SII. SWI IM. SM MIMI, till?. 

MRS. JAMES R. GOULD 

MRS. ERNEST C. TEALER 
Linda Gay Smith becomes bride o f 
James R. Gould 

Miss Linda Gay Smith and Jam es 
R obert Gould ex c h a n g ed m a r ria g e vows. Saturday in the F irst Baptist 
Church of Bay City The Rev. W. D. 
Baker officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs 
Dean Smith of Bay City and late Dr. 
Smith. She was given iii m arriage by her brother. Dr. Richard 1). Smith. The groom 's parents art* Mr and Mrs Fred 
Warren Gould of El Paso. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. William 
Stall. Maid of honor was Hay Beth 
Brunner. B ridesm aids were Mrs Ri­ chard Smith. Mrs Dennis Kincaid and 
Vicki Dublin. 
Serving as best man was William 
Pfeiffer. Groomsmen were Judd H ar­ riso n . J o h n J 
R ic h te r . M ichael 
Matthes and Steven Haugen. Assisting as ushers were Duff Hallman. Maston 
C u nn ing h am , W illiam H inehey and 
B ruic McComas. 
A reception was held at the church following the ceremony. 

Couple will honeymoon in Acapulco 

The m arriage of Miss Sandra Gave 
Brown aud Stephen Francis Meyer was solemnized Saturday in the M argaritc 
B. P arker Chapel at Trinity University. 
The Rev. Dr. Ralph G raham officiated. 

The bride was g iv e n iii m arriage by her uncle, Roger 
Hightower of Port 
Neches. The groom is the son of Mrs. 
Dorothy Day of Anderson. Calif. 

Maid of honor was Cheryl Marshall. 
Bridesmaids were Cheri Bedford-Rus- buldt of Kansas City, Mo. and ( aria 
Hightower of Port Neches. 

Dennis Meyer, brother of the groom, served as best man. Groomsmen were 
Michael Restuceia of Tam pa. Fla. and 
John Hagensick of Ingleside. Tex. 

A reception was held in The Univer­ sity Club follow ing the ceremony. 

T h e co u p le will ho n ey m o o n in 
Acapulco. 

MRS. MICHAEL L. BUIE 

Seidenschnur, 
Buie nuptials are solemnized 

Miss Madelyn Louise Seidenschnur became the bride of Michael Lee Buie of-Jacksonville. Fla,, Saturday in St. 
Francis DI Paulo Catholic Church. The 
Rev. George Sturm officiated. 
The bride is the dau gh ter of Mrs 
Mary Lou Seidenschnur and Max II 
Seidenschnur. The groom 's parents are 
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Buie. 
Maid of honor was K athy Evans. 
B ridesm aids were Annette Collins of 
W ichita Falls. Beverly Behrens, Judy 
White, and Debbie Buie, sister of the groom. 
Serving as flower girl was Elizabeth 
C rum pton and ringbearer was B rett 
Wosnig. 
B est m an w as D avid A n d e rso n 
G room sm en were Michael Van Den 
Berghe,. Joe Cooper, Billy King, and 
T e rry Buie, b ro th er of th e g room . 
A ssisting as ush ers w ere Jo hn San 
Marco and Louis Tocci. 
The couple left on a wedding trip to 
D isney W orld in F lo rida. They will reside in Jacksonville. 
Garry Lugar, 
Miss Winkler are married 

The Rev. A. J. Loeshman officiated at the wedding of Miss Debra Marie 
Winkler and Garry McConnal Lugar. 
Saturday in Mount C ab ery Lutheran 
Church. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
Mrs. Rudolph Winkler. The groom is the son of Mrs. Dorothy McCammon and Mal. (ret.) Ja m e s M. Lugar. 

Maid of honor was Susan A. W inkier, sister of the bride. Bridesm aids were 
K ren L ugar of Houston, sister of ihe groom. Sharon Winkler, sister of the b rid e. J e n n ife r C am p b ell and lier- motile Ib a r ra 
J u n io r b r id e s m a id s were Roxanne Burciaga and Carol Roy. 

Serving as flower girl was L aura 
Garcia of Del Rio and ringbearer was 
Daniel Burciaga. 

Best man was Mieheal D. L ugar of 
Coronado, Calif. Groomsmen were Ri­ chard Winkler, brother of the bride. 
Timothy McCammon, brother of the g ro o m . 
D u an e C lifton an d 
K aye 
Charles Cruz. Junior groom sm en were 
Burt W inkier, brother of the bride, and 
Rex McCammon, brother of the groom. 

Assisting as ushers were T im Kl I- 

DeWinne-Blakley vows 
J solemnized Saturday 

The m arriage of Miss 
Peggy DeWinne and Ro­ bert Allen Blakley was solem nized Saturday in 
G race Bible Church by the Rev, Dr. Duane E. 
Spencer. 
T h e b r id e is th e daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
E r n ie 
D e W in n e. 
T h e groom is the son of Mrs. 
Roberta Blakley Stewart and Herb Blakley. 
Maid of honor was 
Polly 
Gaskin. 
Brides- 

 f 

 maids were Susan Zoller, 
Lauren Schenk and Glen­ da Sibson. 
Best m an was Tomm y 
Miller. G room sm en were 
Steve Carpenter. Preston 
\ est and Gary DeWinne. 
Assisting as ushers were 
J e r r y 
Y o u n g , 
R icky 
Stone. E rn ie D eW inne and Kent Blakley. 
A reception was held at the Albert Pick Motel. 
The couple will honey­ moon at Port Aransas 

Sierra-Vidaurri 

Wadding and engagement forms available in the 
Women's Department 

MRS. GARRY M. LUGAR 

 tough. W illiam Gibbons. Ja m e s Oberg, 
George Booth. Allen Bodle, and Ralph 
Delgado. 
A reception was held in the Northern 
Hills Country Club. 

Host-Pry «r 

U N P A IN T E D llT JU M T U lll; COMPANY 

REG. 98.95 
REG. 54.95 
$49 
SAU 
OF 
SOLID NORTHERN HARDWOOD 
FURNITURE- 
HANDCRAFTED COLONIAL 
STYLING— 
COME SEE OUR 
COLLECTION WHILE 
SELECTION IS 
GREATEST! 

REG. 82.5o 
$74 
REG. 115.5o 
<98 

6842 SAN PEDRO • 142 S. W. MILITARY 9 ASHBY AT MCCULLOUGH 

 s o l i d w o o d n it M u m 

M iss 
C a th y 
M a rie 
Pryor and ('apt. William 
G ra n t Host e x c h a n g e d m arriage vows, Saturday in the Main Sanctuary at 
T rinity B aptist Church 
T h e R ev, D r. G e o rg e 
Stewart officiated. 
T h e b r id e is the daughter of Mr and Mrs 
Roy T e m p le P r y o r of 
K e re n s , 
T ex. 
T h e groom ’s parents are Col. and M rs. W illiam Leon 
Host. 
M atro n of h on or was 
Mrs. Steven F. Gehrlem of L u lin g , La. M aid of h o n o r w as M ary A nne 
B illin g sley of H ouston, 
B rid esm aid s w ere Mrs. 
Richard T ravis of Alvin 

 and Linda B aby of C as­ troville 

S e n m g as b est m a n was Ma), II. B rett M or­ ris . G ro o m s m e n w e re 
M al. J e r r y C o le m a n . 
Ma) Alan Flory and Ma). 
Stanley Marshall. Ushers w ere Maj. M ichael Col­ lins, Maj. Charles C ham ­ pion 
J r . , 
C a p t. 
N eil 
B oyle, 
C a p t. 
J o s e p h 
Gonzales. Capt K enneth 
K r c m e n a k an d ( a p t . 
Jam es Willer. 

F o llo w in g th e c e r e ­ m ony. a re c e p tio n w as held in the Gold Room at the church. 
The couple will honey­ moon in Acapulco. 

 v u a n w i icy 
W A R D 

Grand Opening Apr. I 

Steam liner is coming! 

Rent the only steam carpet cleaner in town with power- driven brushes at a price to please everyone. 

W atch for introductory offer! 

USE WARDS 
CHARG-ALL 
CREDIT 

Miss Connie V id uu rri and Alejandro C. Sierra e x c h a n g e d m a r r i a g e vow s. S a tu r d a y in St. 
Philip of Jesu s Catholic 
Church. Officiating were the Rev. Jim Conway and the Rev. Paul Sieilia. 
P a re n ts of Ihe couple are Mr. and Mrs. Ignacio 
Yidaurri Sr. and Mr. and 
Mrs Willie S. Sierra. 
M atron of honor w as 
M rs. G eo rg e V id a u rr i. 
Maid of honor was Eliza­ beth Ann Valdez. Brides­ maids were Mrs. Charles 
E. D o u g la s J r . , R uth 
Diehl-Champion 

M iss K a th e r in e Ann 
Champion and Buddy L. 
D iehl e x c h a n g e d m a r ­ riage vows Saturday in 
T he G azebo at Los P a ­ tios The Rev. Stephen E. 
Rally officiated. 
T he b rid e is th e daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
Louis Thom as Champion. 
The groo m ’s parents are 
M r. an d M rs. G e o rg e 
Diehl of Ola, Ark. 
Maid of honor was Eli­ z a b e th T h e r e s a C h a m ­ pion. sister of the bride. 
B rid esm aid s were Mrs 
P a tr ic k VV. R isic a of 
McAllen. Cheryl B ranee of A u stin , and S h a ro n 
Elaine Vancleave. 
Best m an was Forrest 
\\ Jo rd a n HI of H arlin­ gen. G ro o m s m e n w ere 
P a tr ic k W 
K isiea and 
J im W a g n e r, both of 
McAllen, and Louis Tho­ m a s 
C h a m p io n 
J r . , brother of the bride. As­ s istin g as u s h e rs w ere 
Jo hn L au n d er of M cAl­ len, C h a rle s F r e d r i c k 
Champion, brother of the bride, and Kart Heady. 
A reception was held in 
The Gazebo following the ceremony. 
After a wedding trip to the coast, the couple will reside in McAllen. 
Scholarship tea slated 

San A ntonio M usica 
Club will have its annual scholarship tea from 2 to 
4 p.m. T hursday in tilt; hom e of Mr. and M rs. 
Paul Wesley Hodges. 
Proceeds will go to the sch o larsh ip fund. E ach year a young artist is se­ lected to re c e iv e th e aw ard for the a d v a n c e ­ ment of his musical car 

S ie r r a . 
N o rm a 
J e a n 
S ie r ra an d P a tr ic i a D. 
B e n a v id e s . 
J u n i o r b r i d e s m a i d w as R ose 
Marie Valdez. 
Serving as flower girl was Sheryl Ann Viduurri and ringbearer w as D a­ vid Alien Douglas, 
Best m an was G eorge 
V’id a u r r i . G ro o m s m e n were C harles E. Douglas 
J r . , 
S a m u e l 
S ie r r a , 
E lise o H e r n a n d e z and 
Eddie Valdez. 
A reception and dance were held in the San An­ tonio B u ild e rs A sso c ia ­ tion. 
The couple w ill honey­ m oon at the coast. 

MRS. IL A. BLAKLEY 

 eer. 

Ti g i v i n g a 
P A N T Y * l l r t u l l i ( a k i n g 
V ic i • •••»•*■» a l m o ­ u l d i e r * . H i c a n a c c ••• n o d a l c f r o m 
I Ii I OO. M i i l i l i n t ! rcvC|»lioi<*. slniKcn. office i i u r ( U » . S i » « H ( J IO 
I n r l l i t l a t v M i m iv e r c a l i c * . I m l l c l e . 
,»•*•» ale *l*ee«*e. 

• It VVI Al 
I t A NI.VG CO 
I r n 

 rn 

 rn 

SALE 
DIAMOND TIFFANY SOLITARIES 

UNUSUALLY 
FINE 
QUALITY 

DIAMONDS 

In A 

Voristy of 

Tiffany 

Settings 

PSS; 

1 /2 carat, brilliant diamond solitaire set in 
I 4kt, Tiffany mounting. 

Reg. 595.oo 
Our erie. 
249** 

3 / 4 carat clean gorgeous diam ond solitaire set in 14 kt. Tiffany mounting. 

895.oo Value 
Our Price 
349** 

I carat smashingly brilliant solitaire set in 6 prong Tiffany solitaire I 4 kt. mounting. 

I 5oo.oo Value 
Our Price 
T 9 5 ° ° 

I Vt carat magnificently brilliant solitaire set in yellow narrow Florentined Tiffany mount­ ing. 

4 o oo .o o Value 
Our Price 1495°° 
Buy S U w a y s - — Cash, 
Budget, 
Lay­ aw ay, 
BankAm ericard, 
Master Charge, 
Am er- 
_______ icon Express 

TRAVIS PARK JEWELERS 
428 N. St. M ary's 
N ext to the Blue Bonnet Hotel Lobby 
Mawr*: IO 5 3o Mon.-Fri. 
Cloned Saturday! 

“ LADY LIKE 
SHOES, ’ ’ 
FOR LADIES 

• A M A N O 
• JA C K RO G ERS 
• COBBLERS 
• PEN A LJO 
• D. GREEN 
• C O N N IE 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 977 
♦ 
Pcrgg 
3-^ 

 engagements + + + engagements + + + engagements + + + engag 

52oo 
BROADWAY SHOES 

Master Charge and 
BankAmericard 

 dExpress-News= 
EE Want Ads = 
225-1666 

Sm ith Huff 

Mr. and Mrs. Carl VV. 
Smith of Corpus Christi announce tho engage­ ment of their daughter. 
Melinda Smith of Denton, to Wayne Huff of Dallas. 
He is the son of Col. and 
Mrs. Rufus D. Huff. 
The bride-elect attend­ ed Richard King High 
School in Corpus Christi 
She was a member of the 
National 
Forensic 
League and National 
Honor Society. She is a graduate of Bay lor Uni­ versity where she was a member of Angel Flight and Omicron Delta Epsi­ lon. 

Her fiance graduated from Roosevelt 
High 
School and Baylor Uni­ versity 
He was a member of Circle K and 
Fill Kappa Delta. He is also a graduate of the 
University of Texas Law 
School. 
A May 21 wedding is planned in Corpus Chris­ ti 

^ fc P IA M Q y 

This months birthstone 

March's child wears the aquamarine— a beautifully clear, sea-water green stone. 
If your birthday's in March, your birthstone is here. 

 a. Genuine aquam arine, S85 

 b. Genuine aquam arine. 2 diamonds, $1 15 

• Both in 14 karat go ld . 

Open a /ales account or use one of five nation«d credit plans 

Z.ile-> Revolving Charge • /j|*» Cuvtom Chug*' bankAmeru aul • M aster Charge • American Express 
Diners t tub • I arte Blanche « Lacawav 

ROBERT OJEDA 

IREN E DE LOS SANTOS 

Buzek-JSorris engagement is announced 

The engagement of Miss Cynthia 
Gave Buzek to Joe Dickey Norris, both of Austin, is announced by her parents. 
Mr. and Mrs. Joe E. Buzek. He is the son of the Rev. and Mrs. Harwell F. 
Norris Jr. of Austin. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of 
Highlands High School. She received a bachelor of science degree in elemen­ tary education from the University of 
Texas ut Austin where she is attending graduate school. 
Her fiance graduated from John H. 
Reagan High School iii Austin. He received a bachelor of arts degree in psychology and a bachelor of business administration degree iii management 

De Los Santos, 

Ojeda wedding 

 set for Ju ly 23 

Mr. and Mrs. Noe De Los Santos announce the engagement of their daughter. Irene Elaine, to Robert Oje­ da. son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Mar­ tinez and the late Willie Ojeda 

The couple graduated from Thomas 
A Edison High School. 

A July 23 wedding is planned in 
Laurel Heights I nited Methodist 
Church 

- 
* 
V 
W ed d in g and Engagem ent form s a v a ila b le n the W o m en ’s D eportm e 

. r n , fr 

KATHLEEN E. MOORE 
THOMAS R. MISTROT 

JOE I). NORRIS 
CYNTHIA G .BU ZEK 

 from the University of Texas at Austin. 
The couple plans a June 4 wedding in 
St Mary's Cathedral at Austin. 

August nuptials are set 

Mr and Mrs. Thomas 
L. Martinez announce the engagement of their daughter. San Juanita, to 
Joe L. Muth. son of Mr. and Mrs. Conrad Muth. 

The bride-elect is at­ tending San Antonio Col­ lege. Her fiance is at­ tending Incarnate Word 
College majoring in phy­ sical education. 

An August 27 wedding is planned in the San 
Fernando Cathedral. 

 more engagements + + ♦ more engagements + + + more enga 

ZALES 
Thur*. lv*nm a 
M i 
" 
I wiNioIot'Ka" | bt' Diam ond Store' • 

• 4 o o I H O U STO N 
• 11 6 I H O U STO N 
Shop Dow ntow n 
Thor*. Ivenm i 

 o N O R T H STAR 
M A U 
• A SA RIN R IA Z A 

U N IV iR S A l CITY 

Mtyst'dbons enlarged 
P a * Fr««„W Jth K 

Visit our brTuIitiful store at 
W aln u t Sq u are Sh o p p in g Cen ter 
^New^rai^telvTeKasGrond_o£en<^_NowJner o g, , H> 

(.allavvayka/n ow ski 

Mr. and Mrs. William 
.Jerry Gallaway announce the engagement of their daughter, Debra Ann. to 
Paul John Kaznoswki. son of Mr. and Mrs. John 
Raymond Kaznowski. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Lee High 
School. Her fiance gra­ duated from Central 
Catholic High School. 
A June wedding is planned in Shearer Hills 
Baptist Church. 
Moose women to hold party 

Women of the Moose. 
No. 1o73, will sponsor a birthday party for resi­ dents at the Children's 
Shelter. 

Each child who cele­ brates his birthday in 
March will be honored with a gift. 

Tile party will he al 2 3o p.m. Wednesday iii the 
Children's Shelter. 

Mrs. Lou Green and 
Mrs Margie Dickson will 
I be hostesses. 

Kinnally-Kichclberger 
Thomas-Birdvvell 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert 
David Kinnallv announce the engagement of their daughter, Shirlev Jean. to John Richard Eichel- berger Jr.. son of Mr. and Mrs. John R. Et- chelberger. 
The bride-elect gra­ duated from St. Gerard s 
High School and the San 
Antonio College Medical 

Assisting Program. 
Her fiance is a gra­ duate of St. Gerard's 
High School. He is at­ tending Trinity Universi­ ty where he is majoring in business administra­ tion and computer science. 
The couple plans a May 
*28 wedding in St. Bene­ dict’s Catholic Church. 

Mr. and Mrs. Zeb Tho­ mas of Lamont, Mo. an* nounciMhe engagement of their daughter. Cindy 
Lee Thomas of Killeen, to 
Scotty Dean Birdwell, son of Mr. and Mrs. Hur- vey Birdwell. 
The bride-eleet is a graduate of Green Ridge 
High School in Missouri. 
She1 is attending Central 

Keiners-Campbell 
Kails-Nacewski 

Mr. and Mrs. Arnold C. 
Reiners of Houston an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter, Debor­ ah Ellen Reiners, to Roy 
Robert Campbell 111. both of Dallas. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Roy 
R. Campbell Jr. . 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Amityville 

High School in Long Is­ land. N Y. and Southern 
Methodist University in 
Dallas. 
Her fiance graduated from 
Alamo Heights 
High School and South­ ern Methodist Universi­ ty- 
The c ouple plans a May 
14 wedding in Houston. 

Driffill-Galloway 

Mr. and Mrs. Alfred 
Drill ill Jr. announce the engagement of their daughter. Elisa Ann. to 
John Patric k Galloway, son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Harry M Galloway. 
The ^ride-elect is a 

 graduate of Thomas Jef­ ferson High School. Her fiance graduated from 
Central Catholic High 
School. 

A May 28 wedding is planned in Mission San 
Jose. 

Mr. and Mrs. James C. 
Fails of Fort Worth an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. Debor­ ah Jean, to Richard An­ drew Nacewski, son of 
Dr. and Mrs. Richard M. 
Nacewski. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Southwest 
High School in Fort 
Worth where she lettered in tennis. She is a candi­ date for May graduation from Texas A & M Uni- 

Stop supporting your local coin laundry! 
Get a Hoover 

Gets clothes clean faster. Can actuary,be cheaper than washing in coin laundries. Great foNgpartments, condominiums, cottages, mobile homes, arty home. 

Hi*-•we 

Do your laundry in the safe­ ty and comfort of your own home with the Hoover port­ able washer... on solo now at participating doctors. 
S A N A N T O N IO 
DEALERS: 

A la m o A p p l. Co. 
IN C A m i I H M I IM T k**M> *«» 
Ie * Amesite, TX. 

B a n d e ra R o o d V a c Cln r Co. 
(kl hHtn Im* tan im**,*. TI. 

Q o rm o c S e w in g M a c h . 
A A p p l. Co. 
I M I WHR N a n B 
Wa Aa!a**a. I I 

G o n e turn. A A p p l. 
S IM Walk Haiat it 
Wa lataaw. Ti 

G o tta * turn. A A ppl. 
IM * UM»a««» H i, VS. 

Massy-Amos 

Ll. Col. and Mrs. Ger­ ald W illiam Massy III announce the engage­ ment of their daughter. 
Madeline Carroll Mussy. to Larry Ira Amos of 
Coatesville, Pa He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. 
Waite- Lawrence Amos of Coatesville. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of the American 
School in Manila and re­ ceived a bachelor of mu­ sic degree from West­ minster Choir College in 
Princeton. N. J. She is a 

Kathleen Moore is bride-elect of 
Thomas M istrot 

Mr. and Mrs. Grant W. Moore an­ nounce the engagement of their daughter. Kathleen Elizabeth, to Tho­ mas Russell Mistrot. son of Mrs. Ralph 
Mistrot and the late Col. Mistrot. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Tho­ mas Jefferson High School. She re­ ceived a bachelor of science degree in applied mathematical sciences from 
Texas A&M University. She was a member of Phi Mu. 
Her fiance graduated from Texas 
A&M University where he received a bachelor of science degree In physical education. Ile was a member of the 
Corps of Cadets and received an Air 
Force Commission. He is attending graduate school at the University of 
Texas at San Antonio. 
A May 21 wedding is planned al the home of the groom’s mother. 

Feise-Kuhl 

Miss Rosemary Feise, daughter of Mrs Rose 
Ann Feise and the late 
-lack L. Feise, is engaged to James Stuart Kuhl, son of Mrs. Edward J. 
Riggie of Baltimore, Md 
The bride-eleet is a graduate of Ursuline 
Academy. She is a can­ didate for May gradua­ tion from St. M ary’s 
University where she will receive a B B A. degree in accounting She is a member of Kappa Pi 
Sigma and secretary of the Accounting Club. 
Her fiance graduated from Baltimore Poly­ technic Institute and re­ ceived a B A. degree in mathematics from the 
University of Maryland 
Baltimore County. He al­ so received a B B.A. degree in accounting from St. Mary's Univer­ sity. He served in the 
U.S. Air Force. 
A May 21 wedding is planned iii St. Gregory’s 
Catholic Church. 

Krause-Goodwin 

Dr. and Mrs. Robert 
Bernard 
Krause an nounce the engagement of their daughter. Elisa­ beth Rayner Krause, to 
James Michael Goodwin of Houston. He is the son of Mr and Mrs. Pat 
Lewis Goodwin of Tyler. 
The bride-eleet is a graduate of 
Alamo 
Heights High School. She is a candidate for May graduation from Rice 
University where she will receive a 
B A , degree. She is a member of Phi Beta Kappa. 
Her fiance graduated from Farmington High 
School. He received 
B.S. degree from Rice 
University and will re­ ceive Ins master’s degree in chemical engineering in May. 
A May 28 wedding is planned in Our Lady of 
Grace Catholic Church. 

Ll 

SAN JUANITA 

MARTINEZ 

Texas College where she is a member of Sigma 
Theta Chi. 
Her fiance graduated from Winston Churchill 
High School and is at­ tending Central Texas 
College. Ile is a member of Zeta Kappa Phi. 
A May 21 wedding is planned in Shearer Hills 
Baptist Church. 

 varsity where she will received a B.B.A. degree in finance. 
Her fiance graduated from John Marshall High 
School. He received a 
B.B.A. degree in finance from Texas A&M U ni­ versity where he was a member of the howling team. 
The couple plans a July 
9 wedding in the Univer­ sity Baptist Church at 
Fort Worth. 

 candidate for a masters degree in voice from 
Trinity University. 
Her fiance received a bachelor of music degree from Westminster Choir 
College anil graduated from the Philadelphia 
Academy of Vocal Arts. 
Ile will make his operatic debut this spring with the 
W ilmington Opera Socie­ ty of Delaware. 

A July 29 wedding is planned iii ( brist Epis­ copal Church. 

Portable! 
Convenient! 
Economical! 
Fast! 

Washes 
24 pounds in 3o minutes! 

Save$2o 
This week only! 

Save 52o oft regular purchase price of 
H oover portable washer at participating dealers listed below But Hurry! Limited time ofter' 

Washes a good size load in just 4 minutes 
• Rinses and spins dry in 2 minutes 
• Portable rolls to sink easdy hooks to faucet 
• Compact only 29-1/4 wide 31-T 4 high 
16-1 4 deep 
• Needs no special plumping or wiring 
• Uses less water and detergent 
• Matching portable dryer optional 

M o llo n b ru ch V e t. Clnr. Co. 
I S I * * * & • » .,« 
OMWKWm# i i * t i 
Pogo* Inc. 
I M I W W M il** I I 
It* **t*M TI 

S ta n * A p p l. Sarv. im; ne** Mf* 
I** tnH M II 

T a y lo r R e n ta l C a n to r 
IS ) ; Iv ,II* ta* In *****, IL 
A.C. T ou dou ce Co. 
TM * (MNM*** 
Ti* !«!•*•*. 11 

A.C. T o u d o u ie Co. 
IM * Uvt* !!*..> 
Urn Automa ti 

A.C. T o u d o u ie CO­ 
MI I n i I*.'*' 
Wa IKM* II 

W o o lc o Dept. Sto re * 
I M (itll I m ! 
I M I « Cm h m x . 
ITI* 1,11*4,.., ii; Toh 
) I I I TW «M,tw, 

AREA DEALERS: 

A n d e rto n * TV H d w e . 
* o. I m M I 
*11 Oak H**«i tu t*****. I I 

A n d e rso n TV C e n te r 
I** IM r*t**t t i 

G ib»on '» Product* 
IM T I<*I>W*I 
Milt* I I 

P y ro n * TV H d w e. 
I M I .art* St 
U.4W* ll 

W o o lc o Dept. Sto re 
I I M Sm k n e e * 
L*>*4* II 

T e rril R e n tal C a n to r 
I I I W M S M H 
K e rrville . Tx, 

 fr e d e ric k ib u rg TV M a c h . 
MI SM* Mm i SI 
Ir*4*,K***«'*, 'I 

Learn To Sew or Sew Better at Singer 

5o 
Only $29 for 18 hours of expert 
Singer instruction 

 ssnraWina 

 f r e e 
S T ***" ii, g rn m — 
- j 

 vwrthccuTSf 
\ TI 
Red p r 
_ 

I 

BEGINNER: 
Learn how to analyze your figure, select patterns and fabrics, read and alter a pattern, fashion fit a dress. 

INTERMEDIATE. 
Learn advanced fitting techniques, expert ways to set in sleeves, the 'how to’ of waistline joinings, linings, buttonholes, collars, cuffs, pockets. 
MAKE A GARMENT RIGHT IN CLASSI 
REGISTER NOW for daytime or evening classes at 
SINGER 
Wt'r* In A Sewing Cl*** By Ou t m 'v** 

S IM 
Greyest« Jewelers 

DIAMOND 
BRIDAL 
SITS 

 to lore . h o n or a n d c h e r ish fo re v e r! 

9 Diamond 
Trio Ensemble 
Set *295 
Gents TGS 

6 Diamond 
Wedding Set 
*125 

Mr. A Mrs. Duo! 
Priced From 
His *6o 
Hors *55 

Total W eight 

Vt Carat—‘545 
1 Carat—*965 
2 Carat—*1635 

Storrie-Arm strong 

Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton 
C. Sturm* III announce the engagement of their daughter, 
Suzanna 
Storm*, to Thomas G. 
Armstrong, sun of Mr. and Mrs. James L. Arm- strung. 
A May* 28 wedding is planned in Concordia 
Lutheran Church. 

Tailored Marquise 
Wedding Sets 

Priced From *41o 

IO Diamond Sculpture 
Wedding Set 

*325 

Diamond 
Swirl Setting 
*345 

Dozens of stylo* of 
Lop over sots pored 

 from *25o 
Ct edit Terms 

4 Locations 

• Downtown 
• Wonderland 
• Shoppers Qty 

• S o u t h Pork M all 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
Vows are repeated in Lutheran church 

Tin' m a r r i a g e of Miss 
Mi chell e Avonia May and 
S c o t t A n t h o n y M o rg an w a s solemn iz ed Saturday hi R e d e e m e r L u th e r a n 
C h u r c h by the Key. Hu­ bert T. K uhh nann 
P a r e n t s of the couple a r e Mr. and Mrs. .lames 
M May and Mr. and Mrs 
F r a n c i s A Morgan 
M a i d of h o n o r w a s 
L aur a B. May sister of th e b r i d e . B r i d e s m a i d s w e r e -D e n ise Daniel of 
A t l a n t a a n d .lu be M o r ­ gan. si st e r of the groom. 
J u n i o r b r i d e s m a i d wa s 
Leigh Ann May. sister of 

 t h e b r i d e . F l o w e r g i r l w a s K i lidr a P o r t e r of 
Denver. 
S e r v i n g as b e s t m a n w a s 
D a n i e l 
B a r k e r . 
G r o o m s m e n were F r a n k 
Perot ina and Dave YVhid- den 
J u n i o r g r o o m s m a n w a s 
M i t c h e l l 
M a y . b r o t h e r of t h e b r i d e . 
I s h e r s w e re David Es- s a r y a n d 
S t e v e 
U est brook 
A reception was held i i i the (liven O a k s A p a rt­ m e n t s Pa rty House 
T h e couple will honey­ m o o n at Big B end N a ­ tional P a r k 

Douglas Dowleariu 
Martha Mitchell solemnize vows 

M is s M a r t h a Eileen M i t c h e l l a nd 
Do ugla s Roscoe Dow learn e x ch a n g ed m a r r i a g e vows. S a t u r d a y in M a n o r 
B a p ti s t C hur ch Officiating w e r e the 
Rex 
N a th an Stone and tin* Rev 
Keno-' ► 
Brown 
^ 
P a r e n t s of the couple a r e M r aud 
Mr s William H Mitchell a nd M r and 
Mrs J a m e s M Dow learn 

Ma tron of honor was Linda Z a r a k a s 
B r i d e s m a i d s were F l a m e F a r l e y . Me­ lody Howard and Linda T ayl or. J u n io r MRS. I). IL b r i d e s m a i d was Anita M asch now I F VK\ 

Best m a n was Hubert D u nc an (Iroomsmen were 
Steve Hodges. Harold H o w ar d a nd Charles P erkins 
J u n i o r g r o o m s m a n w a s XI H a l e r . A s s is tin g as u s h e r s were Sam Zara kas an d Randy Farley 
X reception was held i i i the c h u r ch fellowship hall 
Xlter a wedding trip to Nuevo Laredo, the couple w ill re si d e i i i Devers 

Bonenbergers marry in Catholic ceremony 

MRS. S. A MORLAN 

Miss Ma ry E s t h e r Hi­ d a l g o a n d 
A l f r e d 
B o n e n b e r g e r were m a r ­ ried S a tu r d ay in I m m a ­ c u l a t e H e a r t of M a r y 
Catholic Church by the 
Rev. Run AvIps. 
T h e b r i d e is t h e d a u g h te r of Mr. and Mrs. 
C e ls o R. Hi d alg o . T h e g r o o m 's parents are M r a n d M r s . L e o n a r d (I 
Bo nenberger. 

M a t r o n of honor w a s 
M a r g a r e t Aguilar. Maids of hono r w ere F r a m e s 
Hidalgo aud Elsa Rubio. 
B r i d e s m a i d s w ere P a u ­ line Ruiz. Esther Quiroz. 
Ch arles Hilbert, 
Mary F reeman recite nuptials 

Miss Mary M arg are t F r e e m a n be­ c a m e the bride of C h a r le s P a u l Hilbert. 
S a t u r d a y i i i St. L u k e s E p i s c o p a l 
C h u rc h 
The Rev 
David P. Com egys 
J r . officiated at the c e r e m o n y . 
Th e brid e is the d a u g h t e r of Mrs. 
Ri ch ard E. ( rawford of T y l e r and the late Alfred Hoyle F r e e m a n 
She was given in m a r r i a g e by h e r ste pfather. 
R i c h a r d Iv C r a w f o r d . T h e g r o o m ' pa ren ts are Mr. and M rs . Albert (i 
Hub ert of Wilton. ('olm. 
Xlaid of honor w a s J o a n n e Dudkiewicz. F l o w e r girl was Claire C raw fo rd F r e e m a n and ri n g b ea r er wa s Miles C hr is to ph er F r e e m a n . 
Steven J. Hilbert, b r o t h e r of the groom, served as best m a n 
I s h e r s w e r e Dr. 
C h r i s F r e e m a n a n d 
R ich ard A: Wozniak 
A reception was held in The Brazier Restaurant at 
Los Patios. 
Th e couple will h o n e y m o o n at Corpus Christi. 

MRS. C. P. 
HUBERT 

K a t h y 
F e n d e r . 
L u c y 
M a r t i n o a n d E l l e n J i ­ m en ez 
F l o w e r girl was Monica 
Sa n c h ez and r i n g b e a r e r was Victor Hidalgo. 

S e r v i n g as ties! m a n w a s 
E r n e s t 
A g u i l a r . 
G r o o m s m e n were E mil io 
Ruiz. J u a n Quiroz, A r t h ­ ur O 'C am po. Jo hnny M e ­ jia and Gilbert J im en e z. 
U s h e r w a s E d d i e d i n ­ gey a. 

A reception and d a m e w ere held in t hi* Royal 
P a lac e Ballroom. 
T h e c o u p le left on a w edding trip to Cozumel. 

MRS. ALFR ED 

B O N E N B E R G E R 

Ovalle-Nava 

T h e Rev. Jo hn Ma cho ca officiated at the w e d ­ d i n g of M i s s Y o l a n d a 
P e n a N a v a a n d H e c t o r 
Lee ( B a i l e . S a t u r d a y in 
St. 
M a r y 
M a g d a l e n ' s 
Catholic Church 

Paren ts of th e c o u p le a r e Xii', a n d M r s 
J o s e 
T r i n i d a d Na va and Mi­ ami M rs Antonio (Bail e. 

M a t r o n of h o n o r w a s 
R a ch e l G u t i e r r e z . M aid of h o n o r w a s L i n d a P. 
G u e r r e r o . B r i d e s m a i d s w ere Dolores (h a ll o . J u ­ lia Nova. Elsa Nava. Hil­ da Dav is. < firm O v aile. 
M agd ale na ( antu. Sand y 
Xrov alo. ( B o n a G u e r r e r o . 
I r m a 
X’era. 
R a m o n a 
Pe que no. Anita X 
< abb. 
M a r i a E s c o b e d o . E l v i a 
X 11 la rrea l and Gloria P. 
( itic rrero J u n i o r brides- m a i d s w e r e X’a n n e s s a 
( K a t i e a n d 
Molly 
IV 
G u e r r e r o 

W orking to hav( that 'certain style 

Serving as flower girls w ere V an n es sa Lynn G u ­ t i e r r e z a n d L y d i a Ann 
T r e j o 
R i n g b e a r e r w a s 
J o s e T rin id a d Nava III 
Best m a n w a s J i m m y 
G u t i e r r e z . G r o o m s m e n w e r e 
C a s e y 
( B a i l e , 
H e n r y N a v a. Jose T r i n i ­ d a d N a v a .lr . J o h n n y 
| ) a \ is. 
R a y m o n d 
Gonzales. A r m a n d o C a n ­ tu. E r n i e G u e r r e r o . A r ­ m a n d o A l w alo. Ma nu el 
Pequ eno. Ray Gutier rez. 
R i c h a r d E s c o b e d o a n d 
Adolfo Vil larreal 
X reception was held at 
J u l i o ' s P a r ty H o u s e fol­ low m g the c er emony . 
T h e couple w ill h o n e y ­ m oon in Diviner. 

What is that certain “ someth­ i n g ” so m e w om en seem to a c h ie v e e ffo rtle ssly , while others seem to miss the boat no matter how hard they try? 

It s style I t s hard to define and very definitely md for sale. No am o u n t of m on ey s p e n t on s p e c i a l e f f e c ts c an m a t c h th e r e s u l ts of thai innat e, n a ­ tural s ense of sty le s o m e wom en se em lo be born w itll. 
But don't de sp air, style sense can be culti vat ed. E x p r e s s i n g y ou r own in d i­ viduality is the keynote Loosen up Do what is n a tu r a l for you and b eco m e an original. 
D ear Je n n ifer . I d like to pep lip my a p p e a r a n c e . I ha ve a very a tt r a c t iv e h u s b a n d an d I feel veryd r a b besi de him. especially since he lost ha s lost la pounds, joined a health club and lias 
Ins silver g r a y hair c a r e d for by a hair stylist 
Som e w om en se em to have a way of wo rk in g with their h a ir and m ak e - u p ami w e ar in g clothes that always look nisi right — the sort of thing that m a k e s m e say to myself. “ Why dido I I think of th at? '' W here should I begin' 1 
( atherine W . Sail Lake City 

Developing st vie come** bi s om e n a ­ tural ly. I'o r o th er s , it t a k e s a loi d effort. Copving what you sec is one wav to try out various i d e a s ii til 'I you feel c o n f i d e n t e n o u g h lo “ do y o u r ow ii 
Hun g." 
E x p l o r e y o u r i n d i v i d u a l i t y . S t a r t with v our I inst a sse ts and play th e m up for all t h e y ' r e worth lf your h a ir is nice. m a k e it sp ecta cu la r. 
Do wha t feels good to you ll you like a short and eas y-tn -m an age hairdo, ll can still he s o m e th in g special with the right ha ircut and p e r h a p s a little ad* 

Don t follow the pa ck when it co m e s to m ake -up . either. Fo rget all your old ways and sta rt with a freshly sc r u b b ed face and a visit to a c os m et ic c ou nte r that believes in tea ch in g w om en how to put on the products that they sell 
Arri ving 'an n a tu r e l'' will help the c o s m e t i c r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s ee e x a c t l y what you look like and will help h er in the selection of colors After you have learned the basics, use color w h e re you want 
Lip gloss on the cheekbon es, b lu s h e r on the forehead, eyeshadow u n d e r the brow instead of the lid. ther e a r e no rules as long as it looks good 
A little p r a c t ic e aud you will gain th e c o n f i­ dence to try many new techniques 

( a t r y y o u r p r o j e c t f u r t h e r by as s e m b l i n g a w a r d r o b e that e x p r e s s e s your feelings about yourself 

Just relax and br eak loose’ 

W ear the colors you love. the fabric s that feel good on y o u r sk in a n d the style you can move c o mfor ta bl y in with 
Hie most freed om 

F or J e n n i f e r ' s b e an ie booklet. ALL 
ABOUT E Y E S , send $1 'Ja plus a long, s t a m p e d , s e l f - a d d r e s s e d e n v e l o p e to 
Xsk J e n n i f e r . Express-New s. Box 2171. 
San Antonio. Tex 78297. 

 i r 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
* 

The drives are past, but yard’s the same 

When a group ut cattlemen organized iii 
188!) to lo rill the Union Stock Yards, most of the cattle going to it were driven in from nearby cities through the streets. 
\\ lull* I lo* method ut delivering the c;iitli* I m the yards h a s chanced 

 it t a iii a 11 t a 11> s i n c e t h e 

I SKM 11 Mi I iii 111^:, H it1 1111111;i• i ii i* ii t a I purpose <>1 the curds is Hie same 
The founding meinlMTs said thee ss ant rd a con­ cen tratio n aud se llin g center where livestock could he handled, penned, led and sold to t he hest adv anlage tor the producer. 
Im p ro vem en ts have hee ii made continuously to he sure that the lives­ tock vv ill receive the lies! care possible to brin ? the 
Inches! possible price lo the producer 

Viv 
BILL 
CUNNINGHAM 
AQttCQOUHAl lOHO® 

A producer today h a s his choice ol seven com­ m ission com panies lo handle the sale ol Ills ll 
\ estoek. 
The seven commission lu lu s there are Alam o 
L iv estock C om m ission 
Co., John Clay and Co.. 
A 
C. 
O el'inger 
Com m ission Co., P r o ­ ducers Livestoek Com ­ m ission Co.. Texas L i ­ vestock Marketing \sso- elution aud I Ilion Lives- lot k I o llim ls s lo tl I ti 

The seven tirn is also aet a s order buyers to till the livesto ck needs of ranches needing special tv pes o| stock 
T o d a y the I moil Slock 
Yards occupies a 3K-a< re tract from the Livestock ex ch an g e lim bl mg on 
South San Marcus west It * 
South Brazos Street 
There are more than 13 acres ut pens for the ll* ve sto e k In th o se pens the an im a ls can he given both waler and food. 
Auctions 
Visible from San M ar­ cos Street is the air-con- ditioned auction building with a seating capacity of 
323. T h is building vias opened iii HMR!, aud auc­ tions are held Monday through Thursday 
( aribin llugelslein lr has been president ut the 

Since its f o u n d i n g in /HHV* the 
I a io n Stock Y a rd s has g r o a n into one of the toff stock yards in the slate 

I n ion Stock Yards for the past III years 
His great -grandfather was one of the o rig in a l o r­ ganizers of the yards 
A native of San Anton­ io. he started working at the yards in 193o 
As president, lie works w itll the commission co* 
Hispanics to keep opera­ tions running smoothly . 
Ile also is iii charge of the constant series of im p ro vem en ts taking place at the I Ilion Stock 
Yards 
Last ye a r the c a ille unloading alley facing 
South Brazos Street were 

ALTHOUGH cattle no lo n g er a re being d rive n through th e city's streets to the Union Stock Yards, the handling o f th e stock has rem ain ed basically the sam e o v er the years. H e re , th e y a re being w eig h e d p rio r to an auction. 

 w idencd to make it easier for the trucks to unload 
I lie sa im* project called for heavy m etal w ire pens along the un­ loading alley iii place ol the old woollen pens. 

Has grown 
Through the years the 
Union Stock Y ard s has grown into one ol the top ones of Texas 
In 197Ii auctioneers at the yard 

 sold 239.998 head of cattle for 138,279.383 98 

Iii 
1973 the sale of 
3o5,48o head o read Ie at the ya rd s brought 
8JI.331.29I III to the pro­ ducers 
VV it Ii I ti the 38 acres, a large num ber of other serv ic e s an* ollered to th o se bringing iii cattle 
Trucking needs eau be arranged, Farm Bureau in su ran ce bought. clothes bought ut Harris 
Stock Y a rd s W estern 
W e a r, m eals eaten at 
Stock Y a rd s ( ate and hair cut — all iii the L i­ vestock Exchange Build­ ing. 
Still iii the tract is the 
Hunch Mart, operated by 
V. A Snell, which offers complete needs for ranch operations 
Just south of the cattle unloading area on S 
South Brazos Street is tin hog barn aud unloading alley 

Deliveries 
W bile auctions are held 
Monday through Tliur** day, bv estoek can In* iii live re d seven days week, 21 hours a day. 
Also. on holidays oil which no auction is held personnel w dl In* iii tin 

You get rich quicker with a Bexar County Savings certificate because you earn more sooner. Shorter terms make the difference. 
Look. Certificates that take 6* 1o years to mature elsewhere, mature in just two years at Bexar County Savings. Compare our rates and terms, lf you d rather get rich sooner than later, get a Bexar 
County Savings savings certificate. 

C U R R EN T 
RATE 
P E R ANNUM 

MINIMUM 
D EPO SIT 
LEN G T H OF 
D EPO SIT 
ANNUAL 
YIELD 
M ATURITY 
YIELD 
7.75% 
SI OOO 
24 MONTHS 
8.o5% 
8.37% 
7.5o% 
S1ooo 
18 MONTHS 
7.79% 
7.94% 
7% 
$1ooo 
12 MONTHS 
7.25% 
7.25% 
6.75% 
$1ooo 
6 MONTHS 
6.98% 
6.25% 
$1ooo 
FROM D A U OF 
DEPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 6.45% 
5.75% 
$2$ 
FROM DATE OF 
D EPOSIT TO DATE 
OF WITHDRAWAL 5.92% 

Savings in by the 2oth earn from the 1st. 

13oo McCreless 
Shopping City, 
San Antonio, 
Texas 
78223 
532-3136 

Bv j e s s e c l e m e n t s 
San Antonio homebuilders an­ ticipate IHT? will become a boom year and help to restore health io the industry crippled by the recession. 
That is. however, conditional on what the builders charge is a growing tendency on the part of city officials to meddle iii the city's growth pattern 
Several of the developers pointed to extremely suecessful subdivisions in nearby counties chased out tty govern­ mental harassment 
“ When a buyer sees he eau save as much a s $311 a month on his payments by moving out of Bexar County, he doesn t mind the extra drive as he can more than make tip for the extra ga­ soline,” said Brin e Shepherd of She­ pherd and Burris Homes 

In a surrey, local builders forecast sales increases from IU p er cent to more than 
IOO p e r cent this year 

“ And these people buying out there are people who could be paying city luxes." in* emphasized 
Cliff Morton of Morton Southwest added evidence to Shepherd's claim. 

“ I don't build iii the city (San An­ ton io ) any more. I anticipated these problems (growth sketches I several years ago and now build in Selma. Ll- veoak and other l ilies." Morion said 
While not ruling oui future building iii San A ntonin, he pointed out buyers of new homes outside city limits were using city streets aud libraries and 

 paying taxes in other cities. 
Joh n Schaefer, owner of Schaefer 
Hom es, com plained he filed some plans for a subdivision before Christ­ mas which stalled in city bureaucracy 
“ T h ey routed it to the planning commission and they won’t release it until they adopt the growth sketch I'm having to wait while they play ring-ar- ound-the-rosy w ith the non-growth people.” Schaefer charged 

Could stymie 

Frank Mamipellt. an executive with 
Ray Ellison Industries, snapped City 
H all could stym ie the city 's growth 
"b y continuing with this growth sketch.” 
“ Geld knows, we've tried to tell p e o ­ ple where to move but they just won t cooperate. W e've tried on the S o u th ­ side, but that s just not where the ac­ tion is,” he said 
T h e g o vern m en tal in terferen ce comes at a had time for homebuilders 
Nationally, projections of new home 

 starts range from 13 per cent lo 25 per cent 
And San Antonio developers are even more optimistic 

Interest rates 
They point to lower interest rates, constantly rising prices making it ad­ vantageous to buy now and a general confidence am ong the public that things are getting better 
There is already hard evidence of flus fact 
San Antonio has issued intl single- family home building permits during the first two months of the year, a soaring 34’per cent increase over 197li when only 3114 were issu e d 
And 1976 w a s a rather good year, iii fact 
Only 1.492 homes were built during 
1975. compared to last year's 2.o25 
This marked the beginning of what the builders feel is a market turnaround 
Builder’s forecasts 

Iii a survey, local builders forecast sales increases from 18 per cent to over IOO per cent tins year 
• Hay Ellison Homes— Total sales of 
$5o H million, or an increase of 22 per cent over 197o 
• Morton Southwest— Total sales ol 
$25 million, an increase of 3o per cent. 

• 
Schaefer Homes— Total sales ol 
$111 million, an increase of IOO per cent 

• Sheplii rd and Burris— Total sales ol $2 million, or 5o per cent over Iasi vear 

“ Out selling” 

 rite survey attempted to contact many other builders and wen* told they were away from the office 
I hey re out selling,” was the repeated reply 
Among the greatest obstacles in the path of San Antonio s homebuilding industrv. according to the builders, are 
.the growth sketch, proposed c h a n g e s iii waler main and sewer line extensions to new subdivisions 
“ lf the city refuses to okay our p la ts .” said M a n u p elli. “ w e 're iii trouble.” 
Interest rates are ranging from 8 to eight-and-one-half tier cent for VA or 
KHA loans, to about 9 per cent on con­ ventional loans the builders said. 
"And the loan people are coming to us wanting to loan money, said an- limbier 

Tourist i n q u i r i e s sol record 

Feb ru ary may be the veal s shortest month, but it recorded the largest inquiry volume for H ie 
Greater Sun Antonio C hamber "I 
Commerce's tourist information department iii recent years 
M ail requests, visitors to the information counter and c a lls lor tourist information averaged 219 per day for the 24 days the infor­ mation counter was open during 
February 

Mail volume 

February 's mail volume was up nearly 8 per cent from Jan uary, aud lur tile year to date the in­ c r e a s e over last year is 9 I per 

 ce lli 
W hile the sunng and summer months register the larger portion el San Antonio s annual visitors 
January. February aud March are the m onths the visito rs use to make their vacation plans bu Hie yea r. 

Inquiries 

If inq uiries this Ja n u a ry and 
February are a good barometer ot the v is ito rs com ing la te r tin s year. San Antonio’s hospitality industry should look towards to a busy sp rin g and su m m er this year, according to a Chamber spokesman 

Boom ing year ahead for the homebuilders 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Sunday M arch 27 1977 
W k 
/ 
/ 

Nom? that's a wheel 

WELL, N O T QUITE. It s a roll of steel cable belting about to be strung to a giant conveyor system at the Duval Sierrita copper mine near Tucson, Ariz. M ade by Goodyear, the belting, worth over $3 million, is the largest single belting order in the industry's history. 
Retailers set plans 

AShOCIAUB WISS 
CHK ‘ACK > — Two of tho nation s lar^ost retailors plan to convert all their products to metric sizes by Ills.) 
That m ean s m otor oil and pots will be sold i i i lite r s r a t h e r th a n in qu art cap acitie s. eliain- link fence in m eters in­ stead of feet and perfume 

 i i i g r a m s in s te a d of ou nces, say sp o k esm en for Sears. Roebuck & Co. and Montgomery W ard iv 
Cit. 

GLASS TINTING 
For H o m e & Cor At saiam-x 
CALL 349 -646 9 

Sears president 
A 
De h i Sw i l l projected a t tine ta b le for I lie con- 
\ersm n 
"W e woutdo t be d is ­ appointed.'' hi’ sass, "if our suppliers did not re­ cognize the need and the opportunity tor a conver­ sion to the metric system 

 iii tin* design and p ack ­ aging of their products so that by the middle of the next decade. Sears* new products and operations would tie completely m e­ tric 
" W e th in k th is is a very realistic goal." 
Conversion 
A s p o k e s m a n for 
W ai d s said it p la n s a complete conversion ‘ for any product that has a size" by IMS.! or 1984 

Swift said some of the conversions w ill present a good o p p o rtu n ity to give vj/es more meaning. 
For example, he said: 

"Is there a better way to size Women s and chil­ dren's clothing . . . and cut down on our returns of c a t a l o g -o r d e re d f a ­ shion m erchandise.’ 

"We think the answers to th e s e q u e s tio n s a re 
‘yes ' What does it mean when a w om an w ears a size IJ d re s s ? Tw elv e what? It is an arbitrary n u m b e r th a t r e f e r s to nothing and is based on body research m e a s u re ­ m en ts conducted m uch loo long ago. 

 u t 
Ste-— 

The Board of Directors of 
Kelly Field 
National Bank 

San Antonio, Texas has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 25 cents a share payable 
March 31. 1977 to shareholders of record as of 
March 21. 1977 

Marketplace' 

Students don’t need policies, group says 

By JANE BRYANT QUINN 
NEW YORK — C onsum ers 
Union has just trained its heavy 
^uns on companies selling life insurance to college students. In 
CIUS opinion, in su ran ce for most students is an unnecessary expenditure, and those few who need it would do better with a regular policy rather than one designed for collegians. 
Needless to say. the companies i i i the business think tiiis is a cheap shot 

The issue is im portant because so m any stud ents, or th eir p a re n ts, do buy ibis type of coverage — either as straight-life insurance, which provides for cash values in the policy and is quite expensive, or as low-cost term insurance without cash values. 
Fidelity Union of Dallas claim s that one out of every 2o graduating senior buys one of its straight-life policies. 
('Hobe Life and Accident of Oklahoma 
City sells af).IHM) to 53,(MMl cam pos term policies a year. 
Even the National Student Assn. is i i i the insurance business, prom oting a 

I xii icy written by A merican Health and 
Life of Baltimore. Md 
Like spinach 
Tile fundamental question is whether students should be insured at all. In general, the companies argue that i i i su r a n c e . like s p in a c h , is good for nearly everyone. 
Consumers 
Un Ion thinks it should be bought principally by those with specific financial obliga­ tions to dependents, which lets most students out. 
Here is the substance of the debate, with the in d u stry position first, fol­ lowed by the critics’ position. 
Parents have a big financial invest­ ment in their children It m akes sense for the child to carry insurance n am ­ ing the parent as beneficiary, so that if lie dies the parent will he reim bursed lf you think of life insurance as a lottery, this is as good a reason as any for buying a policy. God forbid that your child should die. but if he does. you might as well have an insurance payoff as not. T he price of a tit).OOO policy in c a m p u s te r m c o v e ra g e ranges from $2o to $4o a year. 
But do you really feel that your child owes you the cost of his education (not to mention his room and board for 2o years)? lf so. why not carry a policy on his life when lie s 3o and 4o. as well as when he's 2o? 
The tact that p aren ts don't insure older offspring indicates that most of them don't really expect lo get their investm ent out in dollars aud cents. 

Consumers Union calls life insurance fo r college students an unnecessary ex­ pense, but companies say parents have an investment at stake. 

But they are vulnerable to that sales pitch during the years they’re actually scrim ping to pay tuition. 

Cold reality 
T he cold re a lity is th a t a c h il d ’s death, ra th e r than being a financial loss. is a financial gain, since the p a r­ ents are saved future costs So insur­ ance protection isn't needed 
But there are some situations where it does make sense to cover the cost of past t u i t i o n expenses if the child dies. 
For example, ii the student (or parent) took a loan for college and the parent would have to repay it if the student couldn't 
Or. if the student were obligated to pay the parent so that a young brothel­ er sister could go to college, or so that the parent could retire a loan of his own. 
However, if the obligation to repay is likely to extend past age 25 or 26. a regular term policy would be better, because at that age cam p u s policies generally have to* he converted to ex­ pensive straight-life. 
II a student buys a term policy that is convertible into straight-life, and if he1 gets a rid er that entitles him to buy more insurance in the future at stan­ dard rates, aud if he becom es u n in ­ su rab le by co n tra c tin g a d read d is­ case, or enters a risky occupation like stunt piloting that would m ake it hard for him to get insurance, then the po­ licy he was prescient enough to buy i i i college* may he the only coverage he can get 
That s a lot of " if s .” W hether you want to spend your money on this kind of long shot is a personal choice. 

It is an article of faith with insurers that a straight-life policy is the cor­ nerstone of family security and should 
In* bought as soon as possible, perhaps even before you have any dependents to protect. Its purpose is to help you sa v e m o n ey . (B u t tiiere a re o th e r forced-savings vehicles av ailable; also, peo p le In all but th e h ig h e st tax b ra c k e ts will get a h ig h er after-tax return on savings left in a credit onion 

 or hank term account). 
The main objection to straight- life for young families is that the cost is high for a relatively sm all amount of protection 
A young m an with a d e ­ pendent wife and baby may need cov­ erage worth $75.(MMI or more, to he sure that if he dies they will have the income they need for many years. A prem ium of SISO may buy a 22-year-old man $16,5o1) worth of straig ht-life in 
Fidelity Union s C o lleg e-M aster po­ licy. but about $6o.oo(1 worth of five- year renewable term . 
A ssu m in g that m oney is s h o rt, a young person should load up on term coverage, so as not to leave his family underprotected at his death. Once he's met this first and fundam ental obliga­ tion. he ean start saving for the future. in a straight-life policy or w herever else he wants. 
Chamber will prom ote fair 

Agents argue 

Insurance agents argue that if you buy a straight-life policy now. you'll save money, because that the prem ium is lower when y o u ’re younger. How­ e v e r. sin c e you pay the p r e m iu m s longer, and in the m eantim e lose the earnings power of that money, the true cost of coverage is about the sam e no m u tte r w hen you buy. T h e co st of straight-life is much higher than term , running from $15o to $3oo for a person 

 iii bis early twenties, depending on the company and the options chosen. 

T h e g r e a t e r San A n­ tonio C h a m b e r of C om ­ m e rc e w ill h a n d le th e m ajor promotion for the 
1977 
M e x ican 
T r a d e 
F a i r . " s a y s C h a m b e r 
B oard C h a ir m a n Holt 
Atherton. 
A com m unity co m m it­ ment was m ade to invest 
$12o,ooo in M ex F u ir *77 and details are currently b ein g w o rk e d out between the C ham ber of 
C om m erce, the Sun An­ tonio Economic Develop­ m en t F o u n d a tio n , and oilier community leaders to prov id e th e priv a te s e c to r p o rtio n for th e p ro m o tio n e ff o rt, he say s. 
"Till* y ear s M exican 
T r a d e F a i r w ill h elp c a r r y 
S an 
A n to n io ’* n a m e th r o u g h o u t th e 
U nited S ta te s, C a n a d a , an d s e v e r a l o th e r countries.” says Roune 
H arw oo d. C h a irm a n of the newly fo rm e d Mex* 
F a ir 
‘77 
P ro m o tio n 
Committee. 
T h e G r e a t e r San A n­ tonio C h a m b e r of C om ­ m e rc e w as involved in negotiations that helped 

The Greater 
San Antonio Cham ber o f Commerce ivill handle the m ajor prom otional activities o f next year's 
Mexican Trade Fair 

 keep the Mexican Traded m em ber of a delegation of 
F air in San Antonio after prominent San Antonians the Mexican governm ent announced that all trade fairs, with the exception of the one held in Spain, w ould be c a n c e le d for financial reasons. 
Holt A th e rto n w as a 

 who traveled to Mexico in the hope of reversing this decision. Because of this e ffo rt. P r e s i d e n t J o s e 
Lopez Portillo agreed to hold M exFuir ‘77 in San 
Antonio again this year. 
Building contest deadline nears 
The Alamo City Build­ ing 
O w n e rs and 
M a n a g e r s A sso c ia tio n has announced its third an n u al bu ild ing of the year competition. 

T h e c o n te s t, open through m idnight. April 
I. re co g n izes b u ild ing s and arch itects for excel­ lence and design and. for the first tim e, will note energy conservation sys­ 

 te m s an d p r ic e p e r s q u a r e foot c o s ts for economy in construction. 
C ategories for c o m p e ­ tition are buildings over 
5o.ooo s q u a r e feet, 
5o.ooo-2oo.ooo s q u a r e feet, b u il d in g s o v er 
2oo.ooo sq u a re feet and facilities featuring recent additions, rem odeling or restoration. 
For m ore information, call 826-5589. 

UMC THI CKS f Wheel Drive. Short & 
Long Wheel Base Van- duras & Suburbans. 
TINDALL A SON 
Pontiac, (LMC 

Lone Star Livestock 
( oui mission Co. 
623-52oo 

ALM AC C onst. Co. 
MI Types of Steel Bldgs. 
656-o881 
YARD 

Continued from Page IG 

 unloading alleys to help p ro d u c e rs unload th e ir liv e sto c k an d to give them the tickets certify­ ing th e a n im a ls h ave been received. 
Special livestock sales also are held frequently at the Union Stock Yards. 
Some organizations al­ so hold m eetings ill the auction a re n a or i i i the 
L iv e sto ck 
E x c h a n g e 
Building. 

Hombre draws interest from buyers in Houston 

One of the most impressive animals on exhibit during the 
1977 San Antonio Livestock Show and Rodeo was Hombre, a 2.41o jound Brahmental bull owned 
)v Edmund Tom of Campbell­ ton. 

Hombre im pressed quite a few peo­ ple at Houston also. Tom reported. 
T he Cat ( r e e k K ane ll aud P ip e s ' hive. bulb of Henderson, gol together to pay $1o.IHM) for a q uarter interest iii 
Hombre. 
Tho $4o.(MHI equivalency Fir Hombre topped the Houston S im m enlal sale. 
Tom reported. 
Hombre weighed 62 pounds at birth and now is about three-years-old. 
A fem ale B rahm ental belonging to 
Tom also topped the sale of fem ales with a price of $3,8oo paid by Virgil 
Guerra of San Marcos 
At a meeting of the Texas Simmental 
Association in Fort W orth. Tom was elected president. Dr Brent Perry of 
San Antonio w as elected vice p re s i­ dent 

Cattle 
Clatter 

By Bill C u n n in gh am 

A b achelor of science d e g re e p ro ­ gram i i i agriculture with concentration 

 i i i horse production and m anagem ent will be offered iii the (all sem ester at 
Tarleton Stale University at Stephen­ ville. 
J . L ouis E v a n s , d ir e c to r of th e university information office, said the degree program is the first of its kind in Texas and one of a few in the nation. 
Dr. Weldon ll Newton, head of the school departm ent of agriculture, said the new program will include 23 hours of equine subjects, with a 1o-week ap ­ prenticeship training with cooperating h o rse p ro d u c e r s and re la te d e n t e r ­ prises 
Tests of U S feed grains in relation 

 to Russian corn have proved that the feeding efficiency of sorghum at p re­ sent prices would result in substantial sav ings fur the Sov iet poultry industry. 
Four rations were tested as a joint project of th e Soviet Union and the 
United States. 
Four rations were tested, with one of half U.S. sorghum and half U.S. corn leading the field in feeding efficiency. 
That combination was o.9 lier cent 
(letter than the second place ration of all I S. corn. 
Third was a ration of U kranian or 
Russian corn, with an all sorghum ra ­ tion fourth. 
Dr. J . ll. Q u is e n b e rry . p ro fe sso r em e ritu s of Texas AAM U niversity, bro ug ht the test re s u lts back from 
Moscow. 
The tests showed a wide variation i i i the weights of individual chickens in each. V ariations took place in all four rations, indicating a lack of genetic uniformity i i i the chicks. Dr. Quisen- berry said. 

The Am erican B rahm ental Associa­ tion will sponsor a sale of registered 
B ra h m e n ta l c a ttle at th e Lone S ta r 
Livestock C om m issio n Co. A pril 3o. starting at 2 p.m. 
A w orkshop on B ra h m e n ta l ca ttle will start at 1o:3o a m. April 3o. The workshop will be conducted by Dr. 
John H. F arris, vice president of the 
ABA. 
Dr. J . O. B ru m lo w . F lore** ‘{'up president of the ABA. said ab“u head will be included in the sole- 
He reported there would be about 2o foundation bulls of pure B rahm an and 
Sim m ental heritage, including one of three-quarter B rahm an and one-fourth 
Sim m ental blood 
All anim als in the sale will be regis­ tered in the ABA. and certificates will be offered on each one. 

Dr Brumlow said lunch would be available on the grounds and that the c a ttle could be in sp e c te d a f te r the workshop. 

 k 

Marketplace 

The Local Ledger 

Cafeterias, inc. has announced revenues for the six-month period ended F eb ru ary 28 were 
$24.7 million, com pared to $21 9 for the similar 
1976 period. Net income was $1.6 million, a 2o per cent increase over $861,864 fur the year ago per­ iod 
Data Processing Management Assn. will hold a regional conference April 8. 7. and 8 at the Hilton 
Palacio Del Rio. Conference will offer a series of sem inars ranging from uses for m inicom puters to large-scale data systems. For more inform a­ tion. write Awareness ‘77, DPM A 1977 Region III 
Conference, IVO Box 28431. San Antonio, Texas 
78228. 
The Pltluk Group has received national r e ­ cognition for a brochure prepared for the G reater 
San Antonio Builder's Association's "Im ag e 78." program The 16-page booklet was prepared by 
Finis Collins, the firm 's art director. 
Schick Service Center, 
153 E. Travis Street, lias been appointed a warranty repair center for 
Rival products. 
San Antonio College continuing education will offer five secretarial courses at Randolph AFB beginning April 4. It and 12. Courses in typing, shorthand, bookkeeping aud other b u sin ess-re­ lated fields will be offered. For more inform a­ tion. e a ll 734-7311. ext 
212, or 658-8181. or 
C59 1423. 

..... 
. 
" 
11 1 
* 
I lits a n n o u n c e m e n t is not un o ile r to sell tlie«e 
Loin!*, rile offering is m ade oui* bv the Pro»neetii». 
$5oo,ooo 
Castle Hills Church 

FIRST MORTGAGE 
BONDS 

S V 2 % I n t e r e s t P e r A n n u m 
Compounded Semi-Annually 

L upin. o f lh.- H ro.pn-tij* may In- obluinnl lr,nu: 
CASTLE HILLS CHI HCH 

21 I Ho Ie to D rive, Sun A ntonio, T e \u » 7 8 2 1 3 - - 
(512) 342-1279 OH 
SECURITY CHURCH FINANCE, INC. 
2 o 5 o V L O O P M EST. HOI ST O N . T EX A S 7TOIH (713) 

People 
In Business 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
+ 

Mendicino 

F our pro m o tion s have been announced by the board of directors of Groos .National Bank. 
Lindsay Langham has been promoted to vice­ president. Wayne T. Mendicino has been promot­ ed to vice-president and trust officer and Sharon 
\nnw eiler to trust officer. Keith Champagne was promoted to assistant cashier 
Felipe M aternal! attended a sales training se­ m inar in the home office of the Lincoln National 
Insurance f o. in Fort Wayne. Iud 
J im K nonce of U nited S e m e n s A utom obile 
\->sn. has been promoted to executive director of 
Group Systems. 
Fred Bouffe, also of I SAA. was promoted to the position of assistant vice-president in automobile claims. 

Investing pro gives advice on budgeting 

W a te rfa ll 

Art P aper has been named sales distributor this area for Pace Products. Inc til 

Eugene Scorza of 3o2 East ley Drive, has been promoted sales m anager for Combined Ameri­ can Insurance Co. based in Dallas 
Jesus H. Rodriguez Jr. has been promoted and transferred within Blanco Products Co., the agri­ cultural m arketing division of Eli Lillv and Co. 
Koonce 

Bouffe 

Hannah 
John J. Carmona 
Anthony Motel as 

Charles A1. McGuire has completed a m erchan­ disin g m a n a g e m e n t tr a in in g w o rk sh o p at the 
.It Penny Regional Training Center in Atlanta. Ga. 
Four officers have been promoted and three new officers were selected by the hoard of directors of 
F rost National Bank of San Antonio 
Dan S. Mitchell was promoted lo vice-president and Sally G 
Bates. Tom llawkes and 
Anita 
Hughes til assistant vice-presidents. 
Newly elected officers are Carol .A. H arris, trust adm inistrative officer; M arcus P. Rogers, trust officer; and Karen M. Smith, trust adm inistrative officer. 
Ed Knowlton, president of Knowlton'*, Inc., was named as an action council m em ber to the National 
Federation of Independent Business. 
Donald H. Terry has been named m anager for 
Consolidated Freightw avs in San Antonio. 
Paul R. C levenger, vice-president of the N a­ tional Bank of C om m erce of San Antonio, has been nam ed a d ire c to r for the Society of P etroleu m 
Evaluation Engineers of 1977. 
Gus A bendshein. Larry C u n n in g h am . Buford 
Hickson, and ( huck Sykes have achieved m e m ­ bership iii the millionaire club of the State F arm 
Insurance Co. has joined^he staff of,the St. and b ev erag e m a n a g e r food 
( a n n o n a , a 35-year veteran of the food service industry, was with Jo sef's Inc at the University 
Club. 
C harles Tultle. service m anager from Interna­ tional H arvester dealer Mission International Inc., participated in a special three-day com puterized tra in in g se m in a r designed to im prove m a n a g e ­ ment skills 
Diane Brown has been appointed creative art director at Anderson Advertising, Inc. 
Valerie Hannah has been nam ed vice president and general m anager of the San Antonio office of 
R obert Half P erson nel. M rs H annah, form erly with the firm 's M em phis office, attended N orth­ western University. 
P re slar 

 w ' k 
Neuman 
P eralta 
Camions 

Bv BARBARA SHEA 
NEW SOA v SEtvice 
NEW YORK — lf you want to invest some of your extra mon­ ey. you first have to know how much extra there is. To do that, try keeping a book of your in­ come and necessary expendi­ tures for one month. 
You’re almost bound to benefit, even though it will he partly because you spend so m uch time writing that you con t have tim e to spend the money. 
The advice cam e from a financial planning adviser, Andy F re u n d , who talk ed ab o u t a n u m b e r of s u b je c ts 
3 named at Joske’s 

Laurin “ C ham ie” Baum has been n a m e d d iv is io n a l m e r c h a n d is e m anager for children's and intimate a p p a r e l at J o s k e 's . 
Ile w ill he responsible for the girls’ w ear. boys* wear, junior lingerie and sleepw ear departm ents. 
Baum tom es to Jo sk e’s from Goud- ch aux ’s D epartm ent Store in Baton 
Rouge. La., where he was divisional m e rc h a n d ise m a n a g e r for in tim ate apparel, m aternity, and uniforms. 
B aum g ra d u a te d from L ouisiana 
State U niversity w ith a b a c h e lo r’s degree in m arketing. 
Also n am ed to new positions at 
J o s k e ’s w ere J im P enny and Gail 
Hatton. 
Penny has been nam ed buyer of ladies' hosiery and casual hosiery. He w as p re v io u sly d iv is io n a l s a le s m anager at Windsor Park. Penny is a g r a d u a te of the s t o r e 's ex e c u tiv e training program and Columbus (Ga.) 
College 
Hatton is the new buyer for young juniors, after holding the sam e posi­ tion in hosiery. She graduated from the 
U niversity of T exas at Austin and 
Jo ske’s executive training program . 
Savings to open branch 

F a rm & Home Savings 
N o rth 
San 
A n ton io b ranch, located «15 NW 
Loop 41o. will form ally open Monday at IO a rn. 

County 
Judge 
Blair 
Reeves will cut the rib­ bon to officially open the facilities. 
T h e new tw o -s to ry , 
2o.ooo-square foot stru c ­ tu re is located a c ro s s from Central P ark Mall. 
T h e s t r u c t u r e w as d esig n ed by B rock-M a brey & Partners. Corpus 
Christi, and was built by 
W. S. Bellows C onstruc­ tion 
C o rp .. 
H o u sto n . 

Andy Freund offers hints to would - be investors on how to manage the household money before ju m p in g into stocks and bonds 

 from budgets to the stock m arket at a recent program sponsored by the Na­ tional Association for Divorced Women in New York. 
The year-old organization also offers its se rv ic e s to sin g le, widowed and about-to-be divorced women, many of whom are strik in g out on th eir own financially for the first time, according to vice president Mary Moves 
Budget necessities 
F irst, F reu n d outlined necessities that should be included in a budget before you start setting aside invest­ ment money. 
SHELTER, lf you own a house, you c a n 't budget too far into the future with as much certainty as renters fund by paym ents set out in a lease But in light of inflation, the classic- figure of the amount of income you should set aside for ho using — 25 p e r cen t — m aybe should be red u ced to 2o. be said. 
FOOD and CLOTHING. If you know your eatin g and fashion h ab its, you will be able to figure pretty closely how rising prices will affect your budget if they hit som e item s you consider in­ d is p e n s a b le — su c h a s co ffee and cashm ere sweaters. 
Healthy buy 

L IFE INSURANCE. Depending on the relation sh ips that you have, you might want to get a policy when you're young and healthy in case you re no longer elibible when you do want it. 
SAVINGS. Put excess money here — to cover necessitates for at least three m onths — before you try to m ake a quick killing to finance a whim. 
When you decide that you have a few ex tra dollars that you'd like to save that will vield retu rn s in a different 

 way. you then have to be willing to sit down and talk about details of your financial life with a professional so that you can be guided to the best form of investment for you, he said. 
In g en era l, he said bonds a re the most conservative type of investm ent because, with exceptions, they g u ar­ 

 a n te e th a t you w ill g e t all of y o u r money back. The riskiest investm ents are comm odities, which, he said. non­ professionals shouldn’t buy —“ unless you a r e w illin g to lo se all of y o u r money in 71 m inutes.” 
How do you find a good investm ent professional'.’ There is no ch a rg e for com parison shopping am o ng b ro k e r­ age firm s, and you should take adv an­ tage of this fact to look for som eone who takes an interest in you. 
T h ere’s no sure w ay to know when an investm ent counselor is n ’t rig h t for you. F reund said. T h at’s if the person ob jects if you say th a t you w ant to speak with other advisers before you entrust one with your cookie ja r fund. 
Credit denials must be stated 

A S S O C IA T E D W E S S 

PHILADELPHIA 
- 
Borrowing money or getting a credit card may still be difficult for some people, for varied re a ­ sons. 
But new federal rules now guarantee that every­ body denied c re d it will be told why. 
Hugh C h a irn o ff, v ice president of the F ederal 
R eserv e B ank of P h ila ­ delphia. says an am en d ­ ed law now forbids c re ­ ditors 
— from dis­ crim inating on the basis of race. color, religion. sex. m arital statu s, age and w h e th e r one is on welfare. 
C h a irn o f f s a y s a co n su m e r m u st now In­ advised within 3o days of his c r e d i t a p p lic a tio n 

 w heth er it has been a p ­ proved or domed 

“ lf d e n ie d th e a p p li­ c a n t m u s t re c e iv e iii writing the reason for the action, with notice that it can be a p p ealed im m e ­ d ia te ly to th e f e d e r a l a g e n c y that s u p e r v is e s the financial institution,” 
Chairnoff says. 

•'Em sure that when there is a complaint and the s u p e rv isin g ag en cy makes ail informal chec k the lender might sudden­ ly decide to reverse his loan r e j e c ti o n .” C h air- noff said 
Here are two features of the new regu­ lations: 

• 
A le n d e r m a y not deny credit or term inate a loan b e c a u s e a b o r ­ 

 rower cannot obtain c re ­ dit insurance. 

• Lenders can inquire as to th e age of th e a p ­ plicant, or w hether he or sh e is on w e lf a r e , b u t c a n ’t d e n y c r e d i t fo r those reasons alone. 

THIS 5 ACRE ESTATE 

(in rn* unpiling mew of tho city. two itory l*odit«non«m luiurv. Hooted pool, Cobono with bath and kitchen. Ooubt# tenon court 5 bedrooms 4 Vi both, quarter*, tinting living, dining, bleck lost room*. 
Gourmet kitchen 
Vaulted ceiling*. Mony *pe<tol feature*. 
8 minute* from toop 41o. Ire* lined Country Club approach 
Don t Mi** lim! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 
WmMum 

Problem is, it gets lonely way out there 

HENO, Nev. — Looking for a job? Here s one that offers work outdoors and room and board to boot. 
T here s une big p rob ­ lem for th e w o rk e rs; they’re lonely. Aud that m e a n s em p lo y ers c a n ’t find enough employes. 
T h e w ork is s h e e ­ p h e rd in g . and w h ere million*, of the wooly an­ im a ls once ro a m e d , flocks a re now iii t h e th o u s a n d s an d sh e e p ranchers say they are in a bind, 
“ There used to Im* five million head of s h e e p iii 
Nevada. Now th e re are about 14o.ooo,” said Tom 
B allow , head of the 
Nevada 
Department of 
Agriculture 
“ P red ato rs aud labor always have been the big p r o b l e m s ,” he said. 
“ Now it looks like labor is becoming a greater problem 
“ I suppose if these g u id e lin e s a r e im ­ p le m e n te d . the only sh e e p ran ch in g will be d on e by f a m ilie s with family m em bers tending the nocks.” 

Tightening 
T he fe d e ra l g o v e rn m e n t w a n ts to tig h te n th e h irin g of herders coining iii from other countries and en­ courage employing 
Americans 
But the ra n c h e rs say they c a n ’t I m d anyone from this country to do the lonely work, 
“ E v e ry o n e know s sh e e p m e n c an I get domestic* herders. A m er­ icans just won't do ii. 
"T hat forces ranchers to gel their herders from 

- B v ---------------------------- 
GARY PEDERSEN 

A S S O C IA T E D EO I S S W O IT H 

Peru or Spain. Now the g o v e rn m e n t w a n ts to take that away. and what will sheepmen do then?” said Boh L ang e of the 
Western 
Range 
Association 
He said the U.S. Labor 
D epartm ent, by tighten­ ing guidelines on tin- lur­ ing of a lie n s, as is proposed, w ill put an end to sheep ranching as if s known. 
“ They are putting sh e e p m e n out of b u s i­ ness. and that's a fa d ," said I .auge. 
Sen. Howard Lannon. 
D-Nev.. recently asked the Labor Department to reconsider the im p e n d ­ ing regulation changes, saying more study is needed. 
“ T he p ro b lem o1 cb- taming steady and relia­ ble help for sheep ranch­ ing iii my state has been going on for a num ber of v i a l s and it never really seems lo get any b etter.” 
Why m u s t sh e e p m e n import their help? 
“ Can you im agine a d ­ vertising for someone to work seven days a week, 
24 hours a day. have to cook tor himself and live by himself?” asked 
Ballow 
“ No domestics will do it They just w o n t. The fo re ig n e rs will do it b e c a u se Hie) co m e to 
A m erica to e a rn so m e m oney, and s h e e p h e r d ­ ing is all they know.” 

T h is jn n o u n c e m o n t i t n « ith « * * n o tte r lo sell n o t 3 s o lic ita tio n o f a n o « « i 

 to b u y m e t e t e c u n i i e t 
T se o tte i i t m a d e o n ly b y m e P i o t p e c t u t 
How much do you want from your money? 

With 1o • Year Associate* Investment Notes, you can inveet as little as $5oo . . . earn up to 
8'/,•/«, annual Interest, payable quarterly. Or, on notes of $5,ooo or more, it may be payable monthly. When interest is compounded quarterly and paid at maturity, your money will give you an affective annual yield of up to 8.77V# tor a 1o-year note. 

Maturities 

1 Year__ 
3 Years 
5 Years 
1o Years 

Annual 
Interest Rata i"t*<»*i u*.3 

O' Montnty 
6.oo%. 
.7,oo%. 
8.oo%. 
8.5o%. 

Effective 
Annual Yield mi*.MI CompOunOM 
Qu#'1#' ’» 
*■•3 ••’3 o Mriyf'l, 

6 . 1 3 % 
7.18% 
8.24% 
8.77% 

Associate* Investment Notes are senior ranking corporate promissory notes issued by Associates First 
Capital Corporation a subsidiary o» Gulf ♦ Western 
Industries Inc For further information about the offering and a prospectus contact AFC Securities Inc through your local Associates office or call 
8oo-4o2-6282 toll free In D 'FW M eiroplex call 256-3525. E*t 226 Or simply mail the coupon 

 lecuriues m c 
.all aA 
,---------------------------------------------------- 

I 
AEC S o cu 'ttiM Inc 
J 
.'SO C*fp«''tA» 
P O Bo* 

A 'U S I 

22*22 D adas T » .* fc j w j 

PlAAAA SAAS rn# c o m p te # m tAfAIAMAfl ASOul ASAO cl Al A t ln « * tlm « n t 
N o t# * In c lu d in g I M PrSAPAClUA APO mAtl APpacAHon N o A fA n l 

 w ill cam 

SAN ANTONIO ADVERTISING AGENCIES 
AND DESIGNERS JUST BROUGHT HOME 
29 DISTRICT AWARDS FOR ADVERTISING 
EXCELLENCE. 

 j Cay . 

| 
SIV IA . 
Z'P 

AnwM SW IO M i3 o n u e l A J#*«m « A n t o n , C a M o .n i* C M .S A * rio n A * . 
IIM n m # I n o u n # K # n # M K en tu c k y io u w a n c lA tcM pw . * # t> ,# M # 
O h m O S 'cA o ai* o * « n c y l« a n tc Tc a h m c m I O M w w c o n c u i 

1st Place 
Award of Excellence Total 

Ed Yarding 8c Associates 
S 
6 ll 

Pitluk G ro u p 
3 
2 
*> 

Marilyn Lowther (River City Studio) 
2 
2 

Clunie & Ciaccio 
I 
I 
2 

Karcher- Couser 
I 
I 
2 

Anderson Advertising 
I 
I 

Atkins Advertising 
I 
I 

K W E X -TV 
I 
I 

Lewis 8c Associates 
I 
I 

Mexican Am erican Unity Council (Tony Gonzales) 
I 
I 

Barbara Shim kus (Konig Design G roup) 
I 
I 

U nited A u d io Recording 
_____ 
I 
I 

12 
17 
29 

Read Dear Ahby< 
o 
She Has the 

Answers 

 in the San Antonio News 

That A more than any other city can say. And they were won in competition with agencies in a lour state area. An area that inc Index c ities that run the size of a Dallas and I iouston, to an Austin, 
Little Rock, and Tulsa. The awards were given for creative excellence in the production of radio and television commercials, newspaper and magazine ads. direct mail and outdoor. Practically every category had a w inner trom San Antonio. Winners that were part ut the marketing programs (or everything (rom two of the State s largest grocery chains, to the world s largest ranch, to some major banks. Even a soft drink and a Mexican food Product, among many others. Most of the credit (or these awards belongs to the clients with the faith and foresight to keep or place their business with 
San Antonio agencies, ll you’re not one of them then — 

ISN T IT TIME YOU BROUGHT YOUR 
ADVERTISING ACCOUNT HOME? 

Thu m em ge brought to you, Ut? obvious O'J tov \. b) hU YARD A S G bi ASSOCIATES ort bebait of ult toe members o f the advertising aud marketing community o f San Antonio. 

San Antonio EXPRESS N EW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
Oil users given b rief respite 

By STE VK MOTT 

DAI LAS TIMES HERALD 
DALLAS — The success of the 
Saudis this year in keeping the world oil price increase at a low level has given the United States and other Western nations de­ pendent on oil supplies a brief respite from the energy crisis. 
However the breathing time may be only temporary. 
For the near future anyway, large i n c r e a s e s in oil p r i c e s a nd the accompanying shock they would have on inflation in those countries do not seem likely 
In the Fluted States, with Line of the coldest w in te rs in history now past. there's some tune left before the hard decisions about energy conservation. use and development will once again have to tie faced — most mmediately 
April 2o, when the Carter A dministra­ t i o n ’s e n e r g y p r o g r a m will be un- 
\ oiled. 
Provoke disputes 
And the expected e m p h a s is of the 
Carter program, a s well as the persis­ tent slogans of the petroleum industry, may provoke continued disputes over energy solutions 
Several energy spokesman at the re­ cent lith annual Institute of Petroleum 
Exploration and Economics in Dallas re n e w e d th e i n d u s t r y ' s call for in ­ creased domestic production of oil and gas to reduce the country's dependence on politically insecure OPEC imports 
The cry for deregulation in produc­ tion — especially on offshore develop­ ment, — and “ effective” conservation sounded like an industry united behind a single voice iii its short term solution to the energy crisis 

Oil spokesmen at a recent Dallas con- vention renewed their call fo r more do­ mestic oil production and less reliance on insecure OPEC producers. 

A lower level of imports by 1985. says 
.James S. Cross, economist for the 
Ameri can P e tr o le u m Institute, p e r ­ haps 5 million barrels a day instead of the forecast 8 to 12 mbd - “ can be 

PR ESID EN T C a r te r ’s com - p re h e n siv e e n e rg y p ro ­ gram , to be unveiled April 
2o, m ay sharpen the con­ tinuing dispute o v e r long term solutions. 

 reached throu gh an effective c o n se r­ vation prog ram and by permitting do­ mestic energy producers to expand by enabling them to compete in domestic mar kets on equal term s with foreign producers.” 
Wayne E. Glenn, v ice* c hair m an of 
Continental Oil Co. (CONOCO), said conservation was only a part of the an sw er to slowing im ports, because th e “ e n e r g y - i n t e n s i v e ” A m e r i c a n economy required “ boosted domestic production of conventional fuels” to m a i n t a i n in c o m e, e m p l o y m e n t an d economic growth. 
Higher prices 
T h e i n d u s t r y ' s r e a s o n i n g is that higher prices will not only encourage further, more expensive development of oil a n d g a s . but also a l l o c a t e supplies more realistically and effi­ ciently, with the least amount of waste. 
In effect, conservation bv pricing. 
And that should buy enough tittie to expand use of the nation's abundant res erves of coal until nuclear, solar and other alternative sources of energy can be developed, industry spokesmen say. 
•lam es W. M cKie. a p r o f e s s o r of economics at the University of Texas, told tin' institute conference that forc­ ing an increase in domestic'production a lo ne would on ly d e p le t e r e s e r v e s more rapidly than ever 
“ To try to minimize our stra te gic v ulnerability simply by increasing rn I 

 production now is to increase vulnera­ bility in the future, to the extent that presen t production co m es at the ex ­ pense of future production.” he said 
That policy h as been called “ Drain 
America First.” 
Dampen uses. 
\1cKie agreed that higher prices are needed to accomplish this policy, but added that tin* object of tin* price in­ creases should not be to stimulate do­ mestic production, but to “ dam pen the rate of growth of demand, to discour­ age low-priority uses, to develop the substitute technology which eventually must take over tin1 energy economy from petroleum, and to pay the neces­ sa r y costs of e n v ir o n m e n t a l p r o t e c ­ tion.” 
The controversial Massachusetts In­ stitute of Technology professor. M A 
Adelman, submitted to the institute a paper that casts some interesting sh a ­ dows on current energy slogans 
In the main. Adelman concluded that the next IO years would be very profi­ table for <ul and gas producers. 
“ The o d d s look good for rising world oil prices over the next d ecad e, hut with continued turbulence in the m a r ­ ket. not to mention unpredictable poli­ tical repercussions 

O P E C can d efeat th e p u r p o s e of c o n s e r v a t i o n e ff o rts , he s a i d , if it s tic k s together and learns to live with reduced production, as it cl id following tin* em ba rgo in IHT:? 

Adelman dismissed as “ nonsen se" the notion of some Americans that the 
Saudis would bo willing to continue sacrificing “ for tin1 good of the world ' 
The very ability of the Saudis to s u r­ vive a substantial cutback iii output, if need be. is a fundamental “ backstop” for the cartel, he said. 
But to e story doesn t end without hope. 

Saudi Arabia, by expanding is pro­ du cti o n to k eep th e c u r r e n t y e a r ' s price increase to aboul 5 p er cent, is carving for itself a much higher share of the market. Adelman asserted that this was part of their basic strategy to avoid b e c o m i n g th e " r e s i d u a l s u p ­ 

 plier” that m ak e s sacrifices to m a i n ­ tain the cartel. 

The tension that now exists because of the Saudi action could be a h a r ­ binger of the cart el’s decomposition HI or 15 vee cs out. 

The D irectors of the 
B R O A D W A Y NATIO NAL 
B A N K 
Proudly Announce the Election of: 

CREG CRANE 
Executive 
Vice President 

WILLIAM BROWN 
Senior 
Vice President 

OPERATIONS & ADMINISTRATION 
MORTGAGE BANKING DIVISION 

Broadway National Bank 

Loop 41o at Nacogdoches/512-824-o444/Member FDIC 

 on tape 

STAMFORD, ( olm. — Tilt* lape-rccordnl sounds — footsteps, the scraping of metal on metal, squeaking door, heavy breathing, drawers being opened — were reminiscent of an old-time radio mystery program. 
The sounds lasted for about 111 minutes, until. w ith th e t h u m p of a shoulder hitting a door. an a u t h o r i t a t i v e voice b o o m e d out: “ F r e e z e ! 
Now pot up your bands very. very slowly " 
It w as not th e sound t r a c k from a cops-and- r o b b e r s show . but the taped recording of an ac­ tu al b u r g l a r y iii the home of a prominent 
< o n n e d i e u t family that ended w Uh tin* arrival of the police 
T h e b u r g l a r , whose movements were record­ ed from the ti me lo* ap­ p roac hed the door. was o n e of :1H4 b u rg l a ry or vandal suspects arrested in Connecticut last year a s a result of a special m i c r o p h o n e a l a r m s y s ­ tem 
Invented by a former police chief in Anderson. iud . and an engineer-in- ve ntor, th e sy stein was t i r s t in s talle d i ii s o m e s m a l l m i d d l e w e s t e r n tow lls 111 19K2 
S even y e a r s ago. 
S t a m f o r d b e c a m e th e first city in the Northeast lo utilize the system, and it i s tieing s»*i up now iii 
San F r a n c i s c o and Cos 
Angeles. 
T h e r e c t a n g u l a r m i ­ c r o p h o n e s — they r e ­ sem b le a ther mostat — h a v e been in s talle d iii a b o u t 3o.OOH b u i l d i n g s r a n g i n g fr o m G e n e r a l 
Motors plants, Xerox of­ fices, government build­ i n g s a n d m u s e u m s to a p a r t m e n t s and m a n ­ sions in 125 communities in 3H states 
Prevention 

M a n u f a c t u r e d i n ­ stalled and m a in ta in e d by the Somtrol Security 
System of Orlando. Fbi . the sound detectors have added a new dim ension lo police work and fire prevention, and have a l­ so, c o m p a n y offic ia ls say . r e d u c e d th e high r a t e of fats** b u r g l a r a l a r m s that are a t i m e ­ c o n s u m i n g i r r i t a n t to m a n y p oli ce d e p a r t ­ ments 
T h e m i c r o p h o n e s , which have an effective range ot 8,ooo square feet in a hard surface room — one w ithout c a r p e t s , d r a p e s or o th e r sound- a b s o r b in g m a t e r i a l s — a re hooked into leased telephone lines to local somtrol office. 
The sy s t e m is m o n i ­ tored around the clock by 
Somtrol pers o n n e l vs bo sit in fr o n t of l a r g e consoles with panels for each rotation that light up when the microphone picks up a noise 
A re pla y of s e v e r a l ta|H*s iii the vault of the 
Somtrol office in Stum- 

ROBERT E. 
TOM ASSON 
NEW york limes service 

 ford presented a listener with s o m e f a s c i n a t i n g examples of how the s y s ­ tem had figures iii police work 
(hie lape opened with tin* c r a s h ol b r e a k i n g 

 g l a s s i i i a Stamford d e ­ p a r t m e n t s t o r e 
Some g r u n t s and m o v c h i c h i s w e re h e a r d , and the hoarse vv(lisper, "gel that o n e . ” followed by tin* roar of a car engine. 
Tin* tape runs for only 
2o seconds However, the sounds had been relayed to the judice dispatcher. 

All intr intr r is 
I rap pet! bv his oirn fo otsteps os sound system relays the noise lo m o n ito r in g authorities 

 who informed a radio car that tin* burglars had left the scene 

Store tags 
\ block fr om th e b r e a k - i n , a c a r w a s storied, with two men in the front scat and two color tclev Moil sots vv Uh all the store tags in the hack seat 
\nothei tape figured iii a guilty idea of two men who had said that they ha<l inadve rtently been locked iii a store at clos­ ing time The plea came a l t e r a ta pe la sting 4o minutes was played with the conv e l a t i o n s of tin* two m en as they r u m ­ maged around the store looking for cameras and watches. 

Many ot tin* tapes end w uh a policeman w a rn ­ ing that lie is bein g t a p e d , c a r e f u ll y e n u n ­ c iating “ You have the right to r e m a i n si lent. , 
Instal hit iou of the sy s- tem varies in relation to the tv pc ot building, In* said 
I ii schools and oilier large buildings, the m i­ crophones are generally installed i i i key locations such as rooms with sp**. 
( tai equipment and cer­ tain corridors 
( o sts roughly r a n g e from si >IM) for installa­ tion iii a school witll a $7o m onthly re nta l fee to about $45o for installation aud $4o a mouth servtee charge for a small store or apartment 

Sears Travelknit vested suit is a smart spring investment now at a very smart price. 
Reg. *1oo. Now 7 9 " 

The Travelknit® comes in a wide variety of solids, stripes 
(dis shown on Tom Searer) and plaids now in fresh browns, blues, grays and green shades for spring. 
IOO% piolyesler knit fabric. On sale now through April 2. 

P assp o rt P h o to s 

Call Sears 
Photography 
Studio 

2 2 8 - 5 3 2 o 

A sk about Sears credit plan* 
Sears 
Where America shops 

H M H N , M o t,H U I K A N D ( (I 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hock 

I I I I * X II I * O I It Vt O H I ) 

 ll u hocked b y Se ars A d vertising Holley w hich require* every advertised item to he *u p p o rlcd iii each M ore wilt* -ultico-ut m erchandise . . . It a e sh ould run oui of anv reduced prier item d u rin g the Mile. mc will reorder for you at the Hale price. I hi- doe* nut apply In -p e n .d purchase. clearance an d dn>*enul sale* where quantities are lim ited 

D ow n to w n Hlu/u S tore 
S o led ad at N a v a rro 
Mon, a n d Ih u rs . 
A ll other daw. ‘h.'UM t 

M ilie u , lh ive M o re al Hleavanloii lid. 
M oo. thru Sui. 
•h.ltM I 

G entral Hark *io i 
San Pedro al Loop 
Vfon. thru Sat. 
'hJO-q 

Burglaries recorded 
Sears Save $2o 

Charles Starrett 
‘Wild Bill' Elliott 
Those cowboy kings of the Saturday matinees 

You p lu n k ed dow n y o u r d im e , pot vome change — maybe — and went into the show house to see the latest Saturday afternoon shoot-em-up on the screen of the Star Theater. lf >ou w ere lucky th e m ain pla> er would be Buck Jones — and maybe in the second feature you could see Bob 
Steele whale the d a y lig h ts out of that little chunky guy w ith the m u stach e. 
C harles King. 
Television has shot all the old stars out of the saddle, and now in the show houses they have those awful moxies where the cowboy kisses the girl — and then some. 
Bet's go back to y esteryear to look at the K in g s of the C ow boys and th e ir courts — and court jesters of course. 
This is the first of a six-part series on the old cowboys — especially those from the B Westerns of Saturday afternoons. 

By GEORGE JEW ELL 
Trying to flee from the robbers, a passenger on a train was shot down in 19o3. 

More than 5o years later and slightly less than 2o years ago — on March 2o, 
1958 — that passenger received an Aca­ demy Award 
The passenger was G ilbert M. “ Bron­ cho Billy" Anderson, and the 19o3 inci­ dent was in the film, "T h e G reat Train 
Robbery.” 
From that time. Broncho Billy was to become the first in a line of the* Kings of the C o w b o y s’ A n d e rs o n , W illia m S. 
Hart. Tom Mix. Buck Jones, Gene Autry and Roy Rogers 
T h ere we're to tie oth er notable p re ­ te n d e r s to tin' thro ne1 
11 oe et G ib so n . 
"W ild Bill” Flliott. C harles Starrett 
. . 
And there were to he* quick rise, quick tall stars Smith Bullew. Lash LaRiio: . 
But there was to be one undisputed 
Queen of the W esterns — U valde's own 
Dale Evans. 
T h e 
O s c a r to 
Broncho Billy was as a motion picture pioneer and for hts contributions to the d e v e lo p m e n t of motion pictures as entertainm ent. 
In reality. B ron­ cho Billy was sort of a con man 
He w as cast in 
" T h e G reat T rain 
Robbery** as _ a b andit, because fie p ro d u cers that he man 
However, that was pure sham . a case of stretching the tru th a little fu rth er than it should have* been 
When the truth did em erge. Broncho 
Billy was exposed as not even being able to get on a horst*, m uch less ride one 
Quickly, he was thrust into another role in which he bet am e quite possibly the first character ever to bite the dust in an American Western film lie made hundreds of one-reelers, and he was the most popular W estern star shortly atter the turn of the century 
Ills l a s t appearance i i i a film was to come 51 years after his first; he had a cameo role i i i the Randolph Scott horse opera, "The Bounty H unter,” i i i 1954. lh* died in 1971 and was 9o years old 
Broncho Billy’s W esterns w eren't too authentic, but things were to change. 

Ten y e a rs a fte r 
\nderson made his sc r e e n d e b u t, a s ta r generally d e ­ s c r ib e d as stone* laced, c a m e upon tin* scene in 1913, and he became tile second King of the 
('ow boys. 
W illiam S. (h e said it w as for 
Shakespeare) Hart becam e one of the sc re e n 's m ost ido­ lized stars. 

B ro n co Billy’ 
, Anderson had convinced the was a g re a t horse- 

William S. Hart 

He had been a highly praised actor on the Broadway stage and was especially noted for his role of M essala in "Ben- lliir." (That role was played by Stephen 
Boyd iii the 1959 film classic that won 
Charlton Heston his only Oscar and sole nomination). 
Some of 
H a rt’s movies are still regarded as classics and H art is con ­ sid ere d by m ost c ritic s as the m o st authentic of all the cowboy stars 
Hart was horn in Newburgh, N Y., on 
Dec. o. 187o, b ut grew up and w a s , educated in the Old West — iii M inne­ sota and the Dakota Territory. 
His best-known films included “ The 
Squaw M an.” "T he V irginian.” “ Wagon 
T ra c k s” and “ T u m b lew eed s,” am o ng many others. 
Hart was not above criticizing his own films. 
He denounced one of his own. “ T he 
Covered W agon,” because he considered it a falsification of the West. 
His mov ie c a r e e r sp a n n e d only 12 years, and he closed it out in 1925 when he was 83 years old. He did do a cam eo role, h o w ever, in 1928 in a c o m e d y , 
“ Show People.” 
Ile was 83 years old when he died in 
1948. 
Another cowboy star had started his film career three years before Hart, and by 1929 was regarded as the new king. 
He was response * hie for making Fox 
Studios a major company. 
T h is th ird king g was born in El Pa- 
I so County, Tex., on 
’ 

 place called 
Mix 

Before his screen career he had been 
* a coal m in e r and 
~ * th en a cow boy in 
Tom Mix 
Texas. Arizona, Wyoming and Montana, and served iii the Army iii the P h ilip ­ pines in tin* Spanish-American W ar 
He also saw a c tio n in the B o x e r 
Rebellion in China, receiving a m edal and a citation, and served with the B ri­ tish in the Boer War in South Africa 
L a te r he b e c a m e s h e r if f of M o n t­ gomery County, Kan., and W ashington 
County, Okla., and a deputy U.S. m a r ­ shal for the eastern district of 
Oklahoma. 
For three years, he was with the T exas 
Rangers. 
This cowboy won the national riding # anil roping contest in Prescott, A ri/., in 
19o9 and repeated several tim es elsewhere. 
If s no wonder that Tom Mix was as legendary a hero as any cowboy s ta r ever was or likely is to be. 

The movie career of Tom Mix spanned m ore than 35o film s, and they w ere characterized by his recklessness, his breathtaking stunts and expert horsemanship. 
His horse. Tony, becam e an in te rn a­ tional star, too, but like T rigger, there were several Tonys. 
Some of the Tom Mix films were “ The 
U n ta m e d ." “ The D a r e d e v il ," “ T h e 
Heart B u ster,” " J u s t T on y," " R a n c h 
Life i i i the 
G reat 
Southwest" and 
"R iders of the Purple Sage.” 

In the lust one is the memorable scene of Mix riding on a hunk of sag eb ru sh across the plains being dragged by the galloping Tony. 
Mix himself listed as his hest pictures 
"Dick 
T urpin” and 
“ The 
Lucky llorsc-S hoe." 
A fter his m ovie c a r e e r , w hich w as w rapped up jn a serial, “ The M iracle 
Rider,” in 1938, “ The Tom Mix C ircus” toured the United Stales. Mexico aud 
Canada 
In the serial, Mix played the role of 
Tom M organ, a c ap ta in of the T ex as 
Rangers, who takes on unscrupulous oil interests led by Zuroff <( buries M iddle­ ton — Ming the Merciless of the F lash 
G ord on s e r ia ls ) . 
A n o th e r f a m i l i a r name, Jason Robards, played ( arlton in the serial. (Jason R obards, up for an 
O scar Monday night, is a son of this 
Jason Rnbarls). 

Buck Jones of h is p h y s i q u e — 

Tom Mix almost bit the dust for real iii 1924. w hen he w as shot down 
It wasn't on the screen, however. It hap­ pened at home. 
The gun was fired by his w ife during a domestic squabble 
Tom Mix was HO years old when he d ied in an a u to m o b ile a c c id e n t in 
Arizona in 194o 
Another cowboy who had tost about everything a man could ask for showed up iii 192o and began giving Mix a run for his money and for his throne. 
• B uck J o n e s ap- 
~ p e a re d iii 192o‘s 
^ 
"The Last S traw ," and by 193H he was 
No I at the box of­ fice a m o n g the cowboy stars. 
Buck Jones' pic­ tu res w eren't con- tiued to W esterns, however. He made several boxing pic­ tu res b ec au se the p ro d u c ers w anted to take ad v an ta g e early days’ beefcake 
He also starred in race-car pictures. 
He is still rem em bered as a cowboy star, and anyone who saw any of his movies recalls vividly (hat the bad guys had b e tte r look out when he s t a r t e d chawing on that chewing gum. 
And it m a d e no d if f e r e n c e if th e heavies rode past the sam e rock three or four times chasing him 
You know, that big boulder beside the road where it makes the little dip 
'Sou know thai he is going to he hiding behind it when the baddies, with b u sh ­ whack on their minds, ride behind it to set lip the ambush 
But, alas, old Buck is already th ere waiting for them with the the greeting, 
"Howdy, boys." 
The career of Burk Jones cam e to an end iii a fire at the Cocoanut Grove night club i i i Boston on Nov 28, 1942. when the 
53-year-old s ta r was killed along with 
49o other persons. 

There was another cowboy idol of a l­ most every kid iii America in the 192os and 193os 
He had been i i i 
W e s te rn s fro m t o i l ’s 
" S h o tg u n 
J o n e s ” an d had c o m p e te d in rodeos, winning the 
“ W o rld ’s C h a m ­ pion Cowboy” title in 1912. 
In the 192os. he w as t i n iv e rsa l* s 
No I cowboy star and w as th e on!) rea l riv al for a time to both Tom Mix and Buck Jones. 

Hoot Gibson made scores of W esterns before his popularity began to decline, although he was popular even after the advent of the talkies, 

In the first box office poll of W estern stars in 193o, when Buck Jones was No. 
I, Gibson ranked ninth. No. 3 that y ear was a relative newcomer. Gene Autry. 

Gibson w as to rem ain offscreen tor a few years, but he returned to team up with Ken Maynard and Boh Steele in the 
194os, as the "Trail B lazers." 

He also had a small role in "T he Horse 
Soldiers,” but his final appearance was 

 i i i a cam eo role i i i the F ra n k Sinatra filii), “Ocean s l l , ” in 19oo. 

Hoot Gibson was 7o years old when he died in 19o2, 

However, that 193o box office poll m ay have been a signal that a new breed of cowboy was going to take over the top rung — the singing cowboy. 

And who was to do the singing? Gene 
Autry, Roy Rogers, Smith Ballow , . , 

M onday in l h r Exftrtnm d e n * 
Autry nirutnn lo the loft a m i tho 
Hunt*) Nofivr* Itnnn* lur/jv lo hint. 

Hoot Gibson 

Mae has gotten older and better 

By JOAN WIXEN 
Who is to say whether i f s right or i f s wrong for an 
83-vear-old woman to think she’s stiil 25? 
"Look, look, I look no different than I did 5o years ago,” she says, pointing to tho wall w here there is an oil painting of hor with hor famous "W hy don’t y/ui com e up and see me som etim e” smile. 
"I only hope if I live to your age I look half as well as you,” I say. 
She gives me a funny look, and I d o n 't u n d e rsta n d it at first. T hen I realize s h e 's think ing I sh o u ld only look as well as she does now. 
"Look here at my h ands,” she says, com parin g one of my h and s to hers. 
My fingernails are rather short and my skin is a little rough and w rinkled and m y veins stand out from all the years of typing. Her hand has long, perfectly polished platinum nails and her skin is white and smooth, with hardly a w rin­ kle 
‘ You see?” she says. "H ow do you like that?” 

M ae W est sits in h e r R o s s m o r e 
Boulevard apartm ent in the Hancock 
P ark section of Los Angeles, an area that has seen its better days. She has lived here since 1932, w hen she w as considered the sexiest m ovie s ta r in the world. 
She is w earin g a b rig h t yellow el- bow-length wig that has a huge pom ­ p ad o u r o v er her fo reh ead . And hor long false jet-black eye lashes flutter up and down as she talks in the sam e sexy voice she has used for y e a rs to seduce her male fans. 
Everything in the room is in varying shades of off-white except for touches of gold scattered here and there And everywhere yon. look you see a picture of her in another era of her life. 
The plush oyster-white linen sofas, th e w in ter-w h ite c h a irs , th e o rn a te gold and white pottery lam ps, the two white m arble statues of her in the nude on the white rococo piano, the elabor­ ate gold-trim m ed m irro re d wall, all seem to say this room is for the queen of queens. 
I take out my tape re c o r d e r. "O h n o," she says. "I will not perm it someone to have a tape reco rd er when 
I talk.” 
So I ta k e out a p e n c il a n d so m e paper, but she tells m e that when so­ 

 meone takes a lot of notes it stifles her. 

W ith h e r is 
P a u l N o v a k , h e r 
4o-year-old m usclem an friend. 
“ I ve boon with Mac 23 years now,” he says. 
“ What exactly do you do for h e r?" I say. 
“ E verything,” he says. 
“ You don't have any other w<------- your life?" I ask, looking him < in his eyes. 
He looks directly back at nu* and says, “ W hat m o re could a m an w ant than to have one of th e m o s t s e n ­ suous women who has ever lived?” 
“ I'v e alw ay s been th e one who is fickle,” she says, fingering the jacket of her bright-yellow pantsuit 
“ But I watch her pretty closely,” he says, stra ig h ten in g out the jacket of his jet-black suit, which m atches his slick jot-black hair. “ No one can even get near her unless he first speaks to me. In fact, she doesn’t even speak to anybody on the phone unless I first check him out.” 
“ I've alw ays said it isn ’t the m an you see me w ith,” she laughs. “ It’s the man you don’t. I’ve alw ays had m ulti­ ple men in my life. 
"Now, too?” I ask. 

March 27 I 977 

Page 
I-H 

"N ot in front of m e, she doesn’t.” 
Novak says. "A nd I always m ake it a point to be around. I had som e real com petition a couple of y ears back. 
The then-current Mr. America was so m a d ly in love w ith h e r , he ju s t wouldn't leave her alone " 
"How com e you’re so interested in m usclem en?" I ask. 
"AH women a re ," she says. "T hey have the hest bodies. You d o n ’t like m usclem en?” 
"A lot of people say these guys are m ore in tere sted in th e ir own bodies than in the bodies of the opposite sex,” 
I say. 
"People have always been jealous of us b ecau se of o u r m a g n ific e n t p h y­ siq ues,” Novak says. “ So they m ake th e s e d u m b r e m a r k s . W h at b e tte r thing can a m an do than take care of his own body? And if I d id n ’t have this body, m a y b e M ae w o u ld n ’t look at m e.” 
"I have three other bodyguards and th ey ’re all fo rm er m u s c le m e n ,” she says. 
"B ut w henever they’re around, I am there,” he says. 

“ A woman needs four bodyguards?” 
I ask. 
"A woman in m y position,” she says. 
" I ’ve seen you in public with these four men in the restau ra n ts here. 
I say, "I ve seen you m ake your grand entrance and walk to your table with two m en on each side and I ve won­ dered what a woman like you must he thinking surrounded by all these men. 
I m ean, d o n ’t you feel kind of silly inside?” 
"No. not at all I feel quite protected. 
But you m u stn ’t think I’m just in ter­ ested in m usclem en. I’m interested in all men. But w hether th ey ’re m uscle 

See Q UEEN , Page til 

 p u ll I M H 
I— " . ........... I 
................. I................ ^ 

W est's 
W isd om 

■ 
’If a woman spends her enlire life Irving lo please a man, she’ll end up not really pleasing herself 

■ J have only done what comes natur­ ally, what a lot of average 
Americans have done secretly; only 
Eve done ii without drenching myself in the guilt fixations and pho­ bias of our time' 

■ 
'That's what’s wrong with the world ludav. People should never be judged by age’ 

Another 
Good reason 

 to come to Ethan Allen: 
Free decorating advice from talented H om e Planners! 

W ondering if the sofa will fit? If the fabric is right? O ur Ethan A llen Gallery has 
H om e Planners w ho can answer those questions, develop decorating plans, and act as sounding boards for your ideas. I hat s why you're never in doubt about your decisions at Ethan A llen C om e on over to our house to see what w e’re all about. 

* * 
V ^ 

- N / X - , 
■sa 

Come on over to our house... 

Browsing Sunday 1-5 
(JE(MjET(W^ MA 

2 8 1 9 N W LOOP 4 1 o of VANCE JACKSON 
OPEN MON. THRU FRI. IO A M. lo 9 P M 
PHONE 34 1 BIOS 
Sat i o a m to 6 p m 

Poge 
2-H 
» 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sunday March 27 1977 
Sears I Lets goCamping 
SAVE *3o 
Sears BM* 1ox13 ft. Cottage Tent 
149 

Regular 179.99 

9 9 

Spacious enough for the entire family. Hah 6 ft. 9 in. center height. 5 ft. 
IO in. eave height. 
Cotton drill roof, nylon sides. 2 windows and zippered door. 

, M f S t 

SAVE $2 o on 

9x11 ft. Cabin Tent 
9 9 9 9 
Regular S I 1 9.99 

I lii> spacious tent is like a home away from hom e! T o p and sides made of cotton drill. It features a zippered door, two nylon screen windows with outside tie down flaps, and an alu minum frame. And, it's easy to put up. 
What a \ aration! 

SAVE *7 
Air mattress 
13" 

(tubber coated nylon mattress has b u ilt-in pillow. 
2 metal 
\al\es. 3 o x 7 8 inches deflated. 

SAVE $7 
Fold-up cot 

H.g. S2 4 .W 
J ' J B H 

Spring bilk cot has 3 **l '* legs. 
• in. thick mattress, fold s up ashy to store. 2 I\72 inches. 

• Sporting G i m h I s DrpurliiMiit 
49 
Regular $ 7 9 .9 9 

Pak-a-Potti has 35 gal. fresh water tank, 3 1-* gal. detachable waste holding tank, remov­ able seat and lid. It’* convenient! 

Ask aoout Sears credit plans 

Save *7 Sears Tele 11o pocket camera outfit 

Regular 
$ 2 9 .9 9 22 99 

\ pocket camera tIi«it takes hoth regular pic­ 

 tures or telephoto s h o ts with a flick of a 

 switch. I se- new llipfla-h tot*. Outfit in­ 

 cludes camera. I IO color film, flipflasli. 

N lily I cum* 

In clu d ed 

Electric 
Final. 

8 " 
Hffulnr 9 1 2 .9 o 

IM S 
M il* h i * « S S I 

MI sal** p r ie r * g o o d th ru M a rc h 31st 

Where America shops 

Satisfaction itunruntm f or You? M anes Hoi k 

35m m Camera with an electric eye 
SAVE * 1 o 

R egular $ 7 9 .9 9 

Camera has automatic exposure control, tomtit. I :2.8 lens. VS A 25 to 8oo.1 netts w itll hplit-image range finder. W itll s e l f t i m e r ami 

 hot shoe. Electric eye battery, strap ineluded. 

• t.uuicru Miup 

 e news 

SAVE *3o portable toilet 
99 

 lOS ANGUIS TIMIS Sl*VICI 
NEW YORK - We are becoming a na­ tion of quidnuncs. 
A nation of what? 
A q u id n u n c, in c a se you’re not fam iliar with the word (derived from the L a tin ), is a person eager to know the latest gossip, a busybody. And there are plenty of people around these days help­ ing to satisfy that urge to nose around in the affairs of others. 
Fulfilling the appetite for news about otliers — their romances, their di­ v o rces. how they work and how they relax — has proven to be journalistic moneymaker. 
Many newspapers have had colum ns devoted to th is sort of new s for years. 
P eo p le, published by 
Time inc., had one of the quickest ascents into the p ro fit c o lu m n s of any newly launched national magazine. The in months it took People to turn a profit com pares to a de­ cade for its sister publi­ cation. Sports Illu stra t­ ed launched in 
I U-r>4 
People's weekly circu la­ tion h as doubled to 2 m illio n s in c e it 
" a s launched F e b . 25, 1974 
Its advertising revenues climbed 172 per cent lust y e a r ov er 1975, to $23 million. 
TV too 
And television is g e t­ ting into the act us well. 
A re c e n t 
B a r b a r a 
W alters special on ABC w inch delved into the private lives of B arbara 
Streisand and tlien-Pre- s id e n t-e le c t 
J i m m y 
C a rter was a huge su c­ c e s s in 
T V a u d ie n ce t e r m s . 
C B S re c e n tly launched "W h o 's W ho." television’s first regular­ ly scheduled entry into this a tte m p t to g ratify tile o b se s sio n with personalities and gossip. 
‘ ‘T h is kind of jo u r n a ­ lism h as ju s t sw ept across the country." says 
Richard B. Sudley. Peo­ ple m a g a z in e ’s m a n a g ­ ing editor. "D u rin g the decade of tile 196os, there was anger and there were dem onstrations over the w ar iii 
V ie tn a m an d about so racial inequali­ ty. These m ass protests have dissipated. We now have tran qu ility. A tten­ tion lias tu rn ed from g o ssip e ff o r t s m ore tow ard s in d iv id u al a c ­ tions.” 
Some feel that the suc­ c e s s of tills s o -c a lle d 
" p e r s o n a li t y jo u r n a ­ lism .” rests on a feeling by many Americans that life is d u ll. 
H eading about cele b ritie s a p p a r­ ently helps m ak e th eir lives more tolerable. 
The publishing div ision of the New York T im es will bring out a new m a­ gazine culled Cs iii April 
Tile new magazine, to lie p u b lish e d ev ery two weeks, will la* along tile 

*We avoid the 
/person aith nathing lo say* 

 tk /» i.tu ,H Him * Slur, 
Silrdul al Sa> aiiu 
Hmm aud I bur* 9 MI -I 
VII M ilt* I Urn*» I,It) (1 

Hilda,» llri.r Slur* al HI* 
NU. 

H um 
I Hr ii S a l 
9. ill-9 

I * ti i i at Hart Slur, 
S«m Httiru a* I imi>m HO 
Hum iHru Sal. 
9.1o 9 

 lines of People magazine. 
Tw o te st ru n s of Cs showed that such a m a ­ gazine was highly feasi­ ble despite the fact that its m ajor competitor has had a three-year jump. 
T h e e d ito r of 
Us. 
Reynolds Dodson, m ain ­ tains that in the m a g a ­ zine field — indeed, in other businesses as well 
— many successes, past and present, have com e iii pairs. Ile cites News­ week and T im e m a g a ­ z in es. Look and L ife. 
Colliers and the Saturday 
Evening Pobt. As tile list s u g g e s ts , p u b lic a tio n s occasionally fall on hard times in pairs also. 
Gossip 
Som e people contend that Hie m agazines and the newspaper personal c o lu m n s a r e nothing more than a new way of packaging the gossip co­ lu m n s of y e s te r y e a r . 
They are another form of 
Walter Winched. Louellu 
Parsons and lledda Bop­ per. 
Not so. say the editors of to d a y ’ s p e rso n a lity jo u rn a lism . T he gossip columnists of yore print­ ed ju st about anything 
Dial a n y o n e told them about an y b o d y , they argue. 
I hut has all changed 
Slolley of People d is­ d ain s tile word g o ssip becau se ll connotes tri- v lulity and inaccuracy. 
‘ANlien you arc dealing with issues and you make a m i s t a k e . " he s a y s , 
“ either nobody cares or nobody spots it. Bul when 

People want to read about other p eo p le, not about ideas or things 

 you’re dealing with the lives of boopic and you get even the most minor th in g s wrong, they get very upset and you lose your creditability.” 
‘Chatter’ 
So no g o ssip . B u t ut times they get close. The last section in the m aga­ zine every week is enti­ tled "C h atter.” 
Sample item: (Sept. 29. 
1975) "H e may escort her to galas and she may in­ vite him to her Hickory 
Hill estate, but that’s all th e re is. in s is ts Andy 
W illiam s, between him and R o b e rt K e n n e d y ’s widow. ‘I enjoy her com ­ pany im m e n s e ly , but 
Ethel is a best frien d .’ says the ex husband of 
Claudine 
Longet, 
‘and you d on 't m a r r y your best friend.’” 
On Nov. 17. 1975. there was a picture of Italian film d ir e c to r F e d e ric o 
Fellini, raising his eye­ glasses to look at a nearly nude b eau ty d u rin g a casting session. 
Said the ca p tio n : 
" F e llin i’s contemplation of a young lass of extra proportions showed that he has lost none of his appetite for tile curiouser and curiouser.” 
And Cs has dubbed one section in the back of the m a g a z in e as 
" O v e r ­ heard.” It is reminiscent of tile b est of W a lte r 
Winched. 
Tw o ite m s from the 
Nov. 3o. I97H trial copy: 
• 
"in Washington the town is buzzing that the next sex -sean dal b lo ck ­ b u s te r will be a story a lion I gay congressm en. 
Rumors of propositioned staff m em bers have been followed by ta le s of a pass made at a congres­ sional page. Will homo­ sexuals on the hill leap out of the closet aixi go public before a story hits 
Hie p ress?" 
• 
"New s iius trickled to Washington that B a r ­ b a ra W a lte r s lias had what everybody lias been waiting for — her first tantrum. No one will talk about what cau sed the eruption that apparently started in lier pink-and- w hite o ffic e and sen t shock waves through tile newsroom.” 
And 
P eo p le i s n ’t beyond letting the stars gossip on themselves. Iii fact, Stolley feels, "O ur r e a d e r s would r a th e r hear from the story sub­ ject than from u s." 
And. indeed 
P eo p le was delighted to pass on the following from Eliza­ beth Taylor iii the Feb. 14 issue cover story: 
" S p e a k in g about lier new h u sb a n d . 
Jo h n 
Warner. Ms. Taylor said: 
‘tie’s the only man I ve ev er let c a ll m e Liz. I d o n ’ t th in k of him as husband No. 7. lie ’s No. I all the way. He’s the l>est lover I ve ever bad.” ' 
And tile people binge is even s p re a d in g a c ro ss b o rd ers. L ast m onth a new magazine appeared on the scene in Germany, called Leute (People). It is closely patterned after the American magazine. 

One common ch aracter­ istic of all the people-or­ iented p u b lic a tio n s is b re v ity . On th e o th e r hand, pictures are plen­ tiful. T h e r e is little in­ depth reporting. 
T h e lo n g e s t story in 
People is the 1,8oo-word biograph y. T h e next in length is th e qu estion * a n d -a n s w e r a r t i c l e , a verbatim interview kith a prom inent individual. 
The cover story also thins at least four pages of text and pictu res. All of the rest of the stories are just a few hundred words. 
"S m a rt people with re­ s o u rc e s h av e su ch d e ­ m ands on th e ir t i m e ." 
Stolley says. "th ey have figured out how to run their lives and how to al­ low a certain amount of time for each activity." 
After three years. Peo­ ple has learned what the public likes iii term s of subject m atter. The m a­ g a z in e is d iv i d e d ,into about 25 section s ((hey don’t all run each week) ran gin g from sports to the a r t s . Added s in ce 
People was founded have been s e c t io n s su ch as 
C r im e and 
Sp lit 
(<]i• voice). A section entitled 
Sex was dropped because the s u b je c t cut a c r o s s m an y of th e o th e r d e ­ partments. 
But the content doesn t 

Time Inc. has captured a lu­ crative part o f the people field and the 
New 
York lim es is soon to follow suit 

 seem to m atter as much as th e p ic tu r e on th e cover iii d eterm in in g if an issue sells well. P eo­ ple is sold oil superm ar­ ket c h e c k o u t c o u n te r s and n ew stu n d s as will 
Cs. As a result, purchase decisions are m ade la r­ gely on impulse. 
T h e m a g a z in e has found that young s ells b e tte r than old. m u sic sells better than TV, TV sells better than movies and p retty sells b etter than ugly. P o litic ia n s , vvitll a few e x c e p tio n s, are losers as cover s u b ­ jects. 
T V a p p a r e n tly "Jhas m a s te r e d p e r s o n a lity journalism . C BS started the w e e k ly . 
“ W h o ’s 
W h o :’ ’ b e c a u s e , sa y s executive producer Don 
Hewitt, som e of the most s u cce ssfu l seg m e n ts of its m a g a z in e p ro g ra m . 
" S i x t y M i n u t e s " w ere those on individuals. 
In tile few weeks it lias been on the air. the new program has profiled in­ dividuals ran ging from th o se w ell known lik e presidential aide H am il­ ton Jord an , actress Jodie 
Foster. ami 
UN 
A m b a s s a d o r 
Andrew 
Young, to such little or locally known individuals as T e x a s law y er R a c e ­ horse Haynes, a man who sells boomerangs aud an executioner ill U t a h * 
What is the program ’s philosophy? 
£ 
" W e avoid only^one kind of p e r s o n , " gays 
Hewitt, " th e person with nothing to say. A parson being him self — i f j i c 's good — is like a goo* ac­ tor playing a good p&'t 

Class Rings at New 
Low Prices 
Announcing new low prices for 
IO karat g o l d . 
Ladies as low as $69.95 
Men $ as low as $79.96 

Bring this ad. Save $5. 
$5 Off any class ring. 

STUDENT ACCOUNTS INVITED 

Open a /ales account or use out of five national credit plans 

• SOO! SOO vt on 
• HS I HOUSTON 
O m w n tw m n 
I H o n I«MM*MMi 
• LA rut* (INTU 
• WINDSOR HAM ZALES 
The Diamond Store 

• N O U N S IM M AU 

• FU R IN F U T A 

• u n iv U S M a r r frustration anli'yad 

Int auf d u tifu l liar# at 

M fa ia u t t m m i a 
“ »mm t tT9 IN¥» n | V * l w ww. 
JTWWgp v s i i f a i 
Hmm SimmmUU. U » « * Omn$ Opening Maw in F rn fim t. 

% 
A 

Brush with death changed her life 

... i ' 
VI * ! ’ 
" * ’ • • - 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 977 

She blacked out in a 

 swimming pool, and then her heart stopped. But 
Cindy Moriarty was lucky. 
Members of a first aid brigade at her college came to a rescue that wouldn't have been pos sible IO years ago. Now 
Cindy is back and teach­ ing the life-saving tech­ nique. 

ASSOCIATtC) PRISS 
A M H ERST. Mass. 
— One day in Sep­ tember. 1973, while she was swimming in the Hampshire 
College pool, Cindy 
M oriarty died. Or very nearly so. 
•I 

A ‘lust aid brigade* from the college and emergency attendants from the Amherst Fire 
''Department snatched her 
'front death s door by 
“ pumping" her heart through external pres­ sure during the 
22-minute ambulance run to a hospital. 

* I’oday Cindy, a student from Worcester. Mass.. is fully recovered, back in school and an enthusiastic teacher of pulmonary resuscitation, the \cry thing that saved her life. 

Collegians trained in the technique got to the poolside immediately. 
Dr. Futon Freeman, di­ rector of the emergency department at Cooley 
Dickinson Hospital in 
Northampton, where 
Cindy was taken first, guesses her heart stopped for a matter of minutes. 

Dead 

"Cindy would have been pronounced dead at poolside Hi or 15 years ago because the procedures known and generally used then were not adequate to sustain life until she got to the hospital,” Dr. Freeman says. 

Cindy was an 
18-year-old freshman at 
Hampshire when it hap­ pened. She had open heart surgery as a six- year-old. and on the day before her swim had gone through a par­ ticularly hectic schedule. lf f' 
She was hospitalized 
, tor 37 days. She was in and out of coma. She developed pneumonia and kidney trouble, and at one point was bleeding from lungs and stomach. 

Her passage through the shadows was long and arduous and full of strange dreams in the half-world between awareness and sedated steep — images and dis- 

Life is richer far CAndy now 

P racticing life -sa v in g e x e rcise s on a d u m m y, Cindy d e m o n stra te s tech­ niques to a friend 

 tort ions ot sensory per­ ceptions that remained so vivid to her that she's trying to write a book about it. 

And life is richer to her now. 

Love 

"During my recovery and afterward,’’ she says, " I developed a great feeling of love toward oilier people, a feeling that I really needed to help other peo­ ple. That has been my main concern." 

Cindy returned to school the .January ltd- lowing her illness, and she has been involved iii helping people ever since. 

Freckle-faced, with blue eyes, strawberry blonde hair in pigtails, she works on Bed Cross blood drives by serving coffee and doughnuts 
(she can't give blood). 
She s swimming again at the pool where she nearly 

 died. She took courses in lifesaving, swimming rescues and cardiopul­ monary resuscitation 
" I want to teach every - body I know how to save other people’s lives,” she says. 

About her own swim­ ming, “ there s a small amount of danger, bul 
I’m not afraid. I have a pacemaker now . Maybe I should be more worried, bul I'm not." 

Cindy is working towards a career as a teacher in s|>eciul educa­ tion. “ but that's just kind of a stepping stone. I’d like to work with children who have to stay in a ho­ spital for a long time. I ii like to teach them tilings they're missing in school and teach them to be less afraid of the hospital and cope with an environ­ ment they don't under­ stand.” 

Vivid 

How strange and threatening that environ­ ment can get is especial­ 

 ly vivid to Cindy, who remembers all the fretful dreams of her prolonged states of semiconscious­ ness and the distortions through which she per­ ceived what was happen­ ing to her. 

Transferred from the hospital of her emer­ gency treatment to Bos­ ton Children’s Hospital, 
“ I didn t realize that any­ thing was wrong at first. I kept thinking I w as in a dream, i had dreams that I'd wake up and be in my bed at school, and I was think­ ing, ‘What a strange dream.’ 

“ I felt I was on a binit, a luxury liner. 
My friends were going scuba diving and I wanted to go with them and I was fighting the nurses. I didn’t realize I was sick. 
I thought I was dream­ ing. 

“ I had another dream where I was in the hospi­ tal as a child and was being moved around be­ cause there had been a fire, so there had to be two children to every bed. And then I was also fighting with the nurses... During that time I didn’t know that I was actually sick and really in a hospital.” 

For a time, Cindy imagined she was Kl years old and fighting w ith another little girl w ho wanted to share her bed. 

Reality 

"La ter, when I was much better, a nurse came in and I recognized that she was the little gir in the dream. 

“ And I found that when 
I dreamed I was on the boat, I was on an air mattress that was rock­ ing so I wouldn't get bed sores. And the scuba diving stuff of the dream was actually the oxygen tanks and the tubes that were all around me. 

“ And a lot of times I was aware of what was going on but didn’t really believe it was really hap­ pening. I kept thinking it was a dream.” 

Cindy still is fascinated by her dream states and perceptions during the time she hovered between Life and death, but today she is, above all. "extremely happy to be here — to be alive. 
I ve learned what's im­ portant and what isn't. I may get frustrated over a course or get irritated al somebody, but such things don't mean much lo me now because I know things are so much better and more beautiful than they might have been." 

Cindy is th o ro u gh ly a liv e n o w and enjoying e v e ry m inute of it 
Radio /hack 

CHANNELS FOR UNDER1oo' iii"'' 

I 

*lf Average Antenna is $2o, This Radio Costs 
The Realistic R TRC-468 mobile 
Only $79.96 
C B is only 114x5'ax7 ro\\ 
PLL circuit, no crystals to buy. 
Squelch, ANL. lighted channel dial, modulation indicator 

 verily * i 3.3o 

Q 
Q 
9 5 

2 1 -1 5 2 o 

CHANNELS FOR UNDER 12o* 

*lt Average Antenna is $2o,This Radio Costs i_ 
. 
-rn/- ut 
Only $99.96 
(Realistic TRC-467 mobile 
(CB radio with PLL. lighted 
[S/RF meter, over-size channel 
(dial, LED transmit/modulation llamp. and ANL switch 
- M 
Q 
9 5 

I 
'K 
J 
2 1 -1 5 2 4 

CHANNELS FOR UNDER '14o* 

ANTENNA filii E 

SAVE *ll,4To34M 
WHEN VOE BUY 
THE AHTENNA 

(Offer Good Only on Realistic 4ocfi 
CB Radios. eNDires 4 25 77) 

'lf Average Antenna is $2o, This Radio Costs 
Onlv $119 96 
Realistic s mobile TRC-452 
Over-size lighted S/RF meter, illuminated channel dial. ANL. PA 
NO REDUCTION IN POWER OR MODULATION! 
GO ‘4o" AND GET AWAY FROM THE CROWDS 

CHANNELS FOR UNDER'17o 

ANTENNA mr 

37" COWL M OUNT 

R®9 
Mounts on surfaces slanted 
21-928 up to 35 \ 

Just A Few 
O f The M a n y 
A r c h e r « A ntennas 
In O ur IC Sa le I 
(Offer Expires 4/25/77) 

Realistic TRC-424 with all the extras! LED digital 4o-channel readout. RF gam, PLL. squelch. ANL. nose blanker and delta-tune and PA switches. S/RF meter with modulation indicator. 

If Average Antenna is $2o. This Radio 
Costs Only $149.96 
169?® 

“D IS G U IS E D ’ 
CB-AM -FM 
42" F IB E R G L A SS 
TRU N K-GRIP 

1o2’’ F IB E R G L A S S 
B U M P ER 
M OUNT 

TWIN T R U C K E R S 
M IR R O R M OUNT 
•Is • 
Reg 
B 
Re° 

1 8 9 5 l f 
2 m 

Easy car-to-car transfer. 

21 93o 

Replaces autos antenna 

926 

No-hole mount for center/side of trunk 

£ } 
. . . 

o o 9 5 I 3 4 9 5 

€m m £m x 21 9 2 7 
H 
U, 
Dual chains i with protective vinyl covers ^ 
Gutter clip J 

21 942 
Superior coverage 
Stainless steel. adjustable tip rods 

SH O P THE SH A C K " FOR OUR EXCLUSIVE BU DG ET-PRICED CB A C C E S S O R IE S ! 

% 
C B SLID E M OUNT B RA C KETS 

o 9 5 
^21-536 

Under-dash CB slides on/off 
VHT' 
21-538 

Mounts on floor transmission hump. 

EXTEN SIO N 
C B SPEA K ER 

I 
I O 95 
21 549 

Installs easily 
Weatherproof 

CB POW ER SUPPLY 

2 5 95 

22-124 

Converts 12o VAC to 
13 8 VDC 

R A D IO S H A C K S 1 9 7 7 P R I C E S A R E O N A V E R A G E W IT H IN ! % O F O U R L O W 1 9 7 5 P R IC E S 
_ 
I 

 lANAAMf HCAAol 

I Kaka I M C H O I carat ara horror aa al aarticiMhna H art* 
Arrack tiorat Omar c aor I alant m a, alto ha am lacra 
Oaiai't ai toot naarOr tiara 

C indy poses w ith the te a m that sa v e d her life. From left, th e y include M ich ae l 
Fay, Brad Sm ith a n d D on LeBlanc. 

• I SO Won Marland Clr. toady * Lo watt lava! 
7 3 5 -9 1 6 1 
• (Mitral Park Mall 
Oulwda Intranet nail la 
Handy Andy 
3 4 2 -9 5 4 7 
• Skagit Alban ton Shop Clr. 
Blottto A Watt A«a. 
3 4 9 -1 5 8 o 
• Broakballow Shop. Clr. 

IS o S 2 to n P o d ia 
4 9 4 -2 5 9 1 
• 4941 Broadway 
Mail ta Broadway Ihaalar 
8 2 2 -1 9 6 5 
• Porno Plata Shop. Clr. 
Nacogdoches at Porno Baliti Rd 
6 5 6 -3 4 9 5 

CHARGE IT 
A i Radio Shock 

251o Austin Highway a 
6 5 3 -o 4 7 1 

Windsor Pork Moll 
/BOO LH. 15 M. 
6 5 3 -1 4 3 7 
( 

BOOS Broadway 
8 2 2 -1 6 3 9 

7111 Ion Padre Ava. 
< 
Awest Irani Globa Wrap. Clr. 
3 4 2 -3 3 9 1 

Rolling Ridge Shop. Clr. 
Ivor * Rd. A Loop 41o 
6 8 4 -6 3 5 1 

995o W u u b o e h Rd 
< 
MCI Shop. Clr Worthed) A M O o v o 8 5 9 o 

S4B7 Fredericksburg 
7 3 2 -1 6 o 1 
Basse-West Shop, Clr. 
5o21 W. Watt Ava. 
3 4 1 -9 4 1 1 leon Volley Shop Clr. 
A955 Bandore A Heebner 
6 8 4 -9 3 2 2 

S U N. Alamo Plata 
Acron (rom tho Tho Alamo 
2 2 3 -8 7 3 2 

 lone Oak Mall 
94S Sooth W W. While Id- 
3 3 3 -6 7 1 1 

# 
1422 Callaghan 8 
Cola bra 
4 3 2 -4 3 6 1 

M a t t rltrm t dlkO Ovarial)!*' a t N a it io S h a t »> O a a a r t 
L o o k for Ihtk v * t i rn your naiyntrorhood 

2B O I N o g o h to t 

| N o g o lilo t A Thao) 
9 2 7 -6 4 1 5 

^ A TANO Y C O R P O R A T IO N C O M P A N Y 

• 6924 Military Or. W. 
. Oakwood* Shop Clr. 
674-62o1 yy Common* al 
(mn McMillan 
U9lt 432-4321 
• 1)o9 Bandora Rd 
Or bt on Shop Clr. 
433-1o28 

UNIVERSAL OTY 
• 17o1 Pal Booker 
Gateway Shop. Clr. 
658-5oo5 
NEW BRAUNFELS 
• Walnut Stuart Shop. CH. 
625-72o1 

P R IC E S M AY VARY AT IN D IV ID U A L S T O R E S 

6B4 S.W Military Dr. 
Awest from South tide 
9 2 4 4 8 5 1 

Sooth Park Moll 
LH. 35 A Military Dr. 
9 2 4 -9 1 IO 
(ast Soufhtiott A 1-37 
5 3 2 -7 3 6 8 
4o9 McUaiott Plait 
MtCraiett Mall 
5 3 3 -9 8 6 9 

SAN MARCOS 

• 
Sp ringtow n Shop, (ti 
321 Springlee Way 
SEGUIN 
• Plata Oat lay Clr. 
13551. Caon 
3 7 9 -3 6 2 3 

★ 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

 lf her life had been different, Janey Briscoe might have run for office herself 
STAFF p h o t o b y VICK It D A VID SO N 

Texas9 First cries a little, 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 
AUSTIN — .Janey Briseoe’s perfume announces her arrival in the Green Room of the Go­ vernor’s Mansion a split-second before she enters. 

Then tile polished F irst Lady of 
Texas sweeps in. 
She s v\ Hided. She s late. 
Her p re s s secretary lias explained that Mrs. Briscoe was unexpectedly delayed across the street .it the pink granite Texas capitol 
“ I sort of overextend myself . . . so that it barely leaves me time.” she explains, sitting down in one of the plush gold chairs. 
‘When I do have time. I try to or­ ganize myself, hut I find that I never am — because I truly love people and living in this house I have the oppor­ tunity to help them.” 
One of the mansion staff employes hands Mrs 
Briscoe a gold-rimmed c o ffe e cup emblazoned with tin* Texas insignia, also in gold 
There s gold on the mirror frames in the Green Room. too. And there are gold bracelets on .laney's right arm. 

Her elegance matches that of the first floor room. .Janey looks like the wealthy woman she is — she s slim, expensively clothed iii a gray sott- suode dress, elegantly coil fed 
In her hand, she carries a white handkerchief. When she talks, her hands fuss with the handkerchief in­ stead of gesturing 
.laney's explaining why she overex­ tends herself. 
“ This may sound corm to you ‘cause you don't know me well.” she says. “ I believe everyone — we all have value 
“ . . some (people) need the atten- 

'I want In be accessible, thai m ake sense?* 

 tion the woman in this house can give them. I want to be available. 
“ I don't want to say that I have a noble purpose . . 
I want to be a c c e s ­ 

 s ib le . intelligent and loving. Does that make sense?” 
She doesn’t say she is all those things. She says she tries to be. 
“ I really pray a lot. I really do. 
When the legislature is i i i session. 
Mrs. Briscoe, a Baptist, also holds a 
Thursday morning prayer session for the wives of public officials. 
“ The more women, i i i general, are informed and concerned with their husband’s work — the less competition or the agitation between them,” she explains. 
There s no questioning .Janey has an interest in her h u s b a n d s work. 
In fact, capitol rumor mills have been grinding away on that ever since the Briscoes came to the mansion. 
There was speculation that .Liney wore the pants in the family, that .Liney was really governor. 
“ ii they only knew my husband.” she says. “ They wouldn’t say that.” 
But. she says. the criticism bothers her. 
“ I cry,” she admits. 
Is she a political wife? 
“ I never understood that term. 

“ I don't know what a political per­ son is How do you actually delineate, draw the lines and say this is political. this is social, this is family . . . 
“ People are p olitics,” she says. 
“ They say politics is the art of com­ promise. Living is the art of compro­ mise. 

Lady prays a lot 

 intelligent, loving. D oes 

“ I think a mother is political, A stu­ dent is political" 
As far as Texas politics. Janey says she’s always been interested in that. 
She followed "current events” when she and Dolpli lived on their ranch 2.1 miles outside Uvalde. She followed it when she was growing up in Austin. 
“ Tha|'s what Daddy and I used to have so much fun with. 
“ My father and I were so close.” 
Janey explains she always talked with her father — an Austin grocer — about politics, or as Janey calls it “ current events ' 

“ Ax I grew up, I never knew if I liked it because of him or because of me. 
"Bu t this has always been important to me.” she s a y s with an encompass­ ing wave of her hand. ‘ This house and that capitol had an influence on me all my life — even unconsciously ." 
Would she ever run for office herself.’ 
“ In the past. I ve always said Oh. no.'” she says gazing toward a green brocade-draped window. The drawn- back drapes show a white wooden swing on the front porch. “ That’s the way niy life is now. 
“ lf my life were different . . . “ she muses. “ I really don’t know I really don t know. 

‘‘Som etim es in a position of in­ fluence you can do so many things ea­ sier and accomplish more things — in numbers. 

" I might (run for office), lf my life were different.” She's still looking in 

 the direction of the window 
But. her life isn t different and she says her family is more important than herself — or any office. 
Mrs. Briscoe explains her role as a woman is traditional — “ even as active as I am. 
“ I am supportive of my husband 
The press says I'm overly supportive.” 
Is she? 
“ I simply adore my husband and my children. Anything that involves them, 
I worry about. I worry about the kids and Dolph more than myself. 
What kind of support does her hus­ band the governor give lier? 

“ Ile is my friend He is a friend that 
I know respects me a s a human being who ix trying to do something of worth.” 
He encourages her. she says. And she encohrages him in politics — and everything else. She'll tell you encour­ aging is different than pushing. 
“ I'm not o ne of those to goad him to continue — or to get out. 
“ I really and truly believe when two people are married they have no right to force their will on others 
“ If it s going to take another term for him to do what he wants — well, great 
I know there are things that need to be done that I can do.” 
The intcrvtew is over. 
The governor is waiting for the First 
Lady in the driveway behind the go­ vernor’s mansion. There’s another function to attend 
Janey murmurs something about understanding her — she tried to let the interviewer understand her. 
She e x p la in s interviews. The inter­ viewer listens. 
“ It's like a portrait painter. darling.” she says. “ Sometimes you get the colors, but you don't get the heart.” 
Queen o f sexpots at 83 

 men or not, most of the men iii my life have been very strong physically and most of them have been very impor­ tant citizens. 
“ They all knew I wasn't like other women. That I loved my own personal freedom too much to go along with th** theory that a woman needs a man s wisdom to survive I made a lot of men quite furious at times, but oddly en­ ough, once they knew they couldn’t change me. they all wanted me more than ever, and I’d always end up with the problem, ‘How would I got rid of them?’" 
“ You mean you’ve never ever had the experience of being head over heels in love with a man and having him not pay any real attention to you?” 

“ That’s one experience I have never had.” she says. 
"What feeling did you have for the man you marriedo” I ask 
"Ila , that wasn't a marriage I only lived with him for a couple of weeks and then I got rid of him. it was iii 1911 and his name was Frank Wallace and lie was my stage partner. I was only 17 and the only reason I married him was 
I took the advice of some silly old lady who told me that it didn t look respec­ table when a woman was with a man and she wasn't married to him 
“ But believe me, that m arriage wasn't a mistake It taught me nev er to get married again. A woman becomes a different person when she marries. 
She is expected to live from then on for her husband and her children, and I ve 

She's been surrounded bv h a n d so m e men nearly all her life 

 always wanted to live for myself 
“ Have you ever had any regrets about not having any children?" 
“ Regrets? How could I have done what I did had I had children around to use up most of my energy? No, dear. 
I ve never missed having children, nor have I missed being in a situation with a man in the background telling me how to run my lite.” 

"Have you ever been really in love with any man?” 
"There have always been too many other things in my life for me to be involved with any one man for any length of time." 
Then she bends ov er as if she s going to tell me a secret. "You just don’t know what it is to live a lifetime with hundreds and hundreds of men forever trying to make love to you. You really don’t know mu* h about men, do you?" 
I shrug my shoulders. 
“ Well let me teach you a few things. honey. One man is merely one man. and it takes a lifetime of being with hundreds of them to have any real un­ derstanding of them.” 
“ So what have you learned?" I ask 
"That if a woman spends her entire life trying to please a man, she ll end up not really pleasing herself." 
“ I get the feeling you consider 

 yourself sexier than m ost women. 
"That s what they tell me I wouldn’t know " She flutters lier lashes. 

" I don t believe you ” I laugh. "A woman knows when she s sexy.” 
“ Look, here s how you can say it.” she says. “ I ’m the ty pe of woman who is constantly stimulated by men And if Kinsey was right, I have only done what comes naturally, what a lot of average Americans have done secret­ ly. only I ve done it without drenching myself in the guilt fixations and pho­ bias of our time. 
“ lf you rea lly want ti* know some of my secrets, you should read my auto­ biography, ‘Goodness Had Nothing to 
Do With It ." ’ 
She gets me a copy of the book, walking with little baby steps, the kind you take when you are tightly girdled. 
She s its down beside me and opens a page and starts reading, without glasses. 
Ax she s reading she becomes aware that instead of looking at the page I ’m looking closely at her and I ’m grin­ ning. 

” \\ hat s so funny ? ” 
" I ’m just thinking what a strange interview this is .’’ I say. 
"A n 
83-year-old woman who loves to talk about sex." 
"That’s what s wrong in the world today,” she says. "People should never be judged by age.” 

MONDAY in the N EW S: “ It Wasn I 
What I Said. But How I Said It" 

D rou gh t’s grip has a bright 

 side for California dowsers 

 tov ANGUIS NAUS Slkvtcfc 
CARMEL, Calif. — For a few parched souls here iii Northern 
California, the drought of 1977 is starting to look like the oppor­ tunity of a lifetime. 

W ayne Cook and hit dog dowse for w ater 

There is, for instance. Wayne Cook who, like his fellow Carmel residents is sweating by on at) gallons of water a day and saying that lie s out to win the deodorant concession for the Monterey 
Peninsula. 

"F ra n k ly , I have been secretly praying lor this time to come." says 
Conk, who works all over the West. traveling in a motor home with his haif-coyote, half-German shepherd, 
Nancy. “ People will Im- really shaken up when their supply of water is cut oil Lack of gasoline stops your car. 
But lack of water means thirst. 

“ We have an underground arterial system of water that is independent of rainfall. It circulates like the blood i i i your body and is governed by the same force. We ve got to tap this source of water W e’ve just got to do it." 

Si\ty-xi\.year-old Wayne Cook is a dowser, a man who locates under­ ground water using a divining rod, a man whose profession has U*eu so ri­ diculed by scientists that it is often tanked with witchcraft and referred to as “ water witching." Cook admits to having been called a “ silver-haired, silver-tongued con man." And much worse 

But bt* has, in fact, repeatedly found water where geologists insisted there was none. On the 5oo-acre ( happellet ranch iii Big bur, owned by C yril 
( happellet, a cofounder of Lockheed 
Aircraft Corp., Cook found sites for three producing wells ami a fourth that is yet to be drilled — after two geologic surveys had indicated there was no water on the land outside of a surface stream with which everyone was quite well acquainted. 
Bill Pentony. a real estate man, ne cream entrepreneur and son-on-luw of 
Chappellet, has tried to hire a well 

 driller to start on the fourth site. but has found himself on a waiting list with a June drilling date. 

"B e fo re the drought the drillers were out soliciting." he says. “ I heard el one outfit in Napa booked so far ahead they’re not even taking appoint­ ments. Pretty soon it will be money under the table." 

Already Pentony h a s noticed that the mountain lions, deer, bob cats and coyotes are straggling down from the lulls in search of water. 

Landscape gardeners are buying well rights from farms and ranches because iii order to work they have to provide their own waler. 

And, according to a recent Carmel prdmalice, people building additions to their homes may add anything but bathrooms or laundry rooms; in short, no new waler using facilities. 
All of which h a s put dowsers like 
Cook iii greater demand. perhaps pro­ viding them an opportunity once and for all to demonstrate their claims, perhaps, as they hope, even to change the course of human events As Cook puts it. "This is our chance lf we get a heavy rain, it s all over." 
In one attempt to demonstrate his power to scientific satisfaction, Cook spent more than two years iii research with Stanford University’s Dr. William 
A 
T ille r, a professor in the department uf materials science and engineering. 
Tiller apparently disagrees with the geologists who generally maintain that dowsing is an unreliable method of locating water, about a s good as guessing. Asked lf he would lure a dowser or a geologist to find water for him. I iller did not hesitate lo say he would choose a dowser. “ Some of them have a great capacity." 

\ M a e W est C a lle ry 

Eighty-three years of be­ ing M a e W e s t m eans a whole lot of living and, according to M ae herself, of loving. That innocent face at top left has won men over fordecades. So have those flaring nostrils, top center, and the smol­ dering cigaret, top right. 
Nobody could be quite as glamorous as M ae was in her 1935 movie “ G oin’ to Town,” at left. Critics and colum nists adored her. Among her fans in the newspaper woild was 
Hy Gardner, vat center in bottom picture, who inter­ viewed M ae and W . C. 
Fields at the same time in this photo. M ae now lives in opulent surroundings, right, aging but still not 

Silo ii novo mon crazy 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
* 

Great Sifting soon to begin 

Vo peeking9 Ted 

W hen staffers in th e district a tto rn e y 's office g a v e DA Ted Butler a toast / roast last w e e k in honor o f his prom otion to a district court bench, Ted seem ed p articu larly in terested in one o f th em th e re d irty m agazines attach ed to a road m ap p resen ted by Gus W ilco x, le ft, a fo rm e r assistant DA. Described as a m ap fo r “ the straig h t and n arro w path to success," its obstacles a w a itin g one m isstep include a copy o f P enthouse, assorted stum bling blocks and a g ilt-e d g e d v a rie ty of fe rtiliz e r. Butler built his rep u tatio n — and an election o r tw o — on a n ti-p o m o g ra p h y crusades. 

By JAMES MCCRORY 
San Antonio voters Saturday are expected to hit the polls in record numbers to set the stage for the Mg Citv Council shootout in the April lh runoff election. 
Voters probably won t give a m ajo r­ ity vote to m o re than two or th re e candidates, but they will separate the wheat from the chaff and narrow the field down to a m anageable m argin. 
The polls will be open from 7 a. ne to 
7 p. rn. Saturday, and the results will be ta b u la te d by City C lerk G arlan d 
Jackson at City Hall. 

T here are 78 candidates entered in the 1877 lists, in itself a record. 

Potpourri 

P e o p l e a n d urri 

 ro t it irs 

To 

Around 
Town from Joh n 

IThatch the newsmakers 

POLITICS brushed aside in favor of basketball at City Council last week. 
Mayor U L A COCKRELL receiving a plaque from ERN EST ENDERLE of the SPIERS T IP -O F F CLUB, a plaque sig n ed by c lu b p r e s i d e n t . 
JO H N 
MONFREY. lie s, of course, the one running for m ayor lier honor accepted the plaque with pleasure. 

BEXAR Count.' D em ocrat ic E xecu­ tive C o m m itte e m e m b e r s g e ttin g a look-see at their renovated Democratic 
H e a d q u a rte r s at an ex e c u tiv e c o m ­ mittee m eeting th ere set for April 14 
. 
. the h ead qu arters suite at 214 Dwyer 
Ave. has been repainted, wall paneling added, and a rich green carpet spread . 
. . the party seem s to be getting up in the world . . . and County C hairm an 
JO Y C E P E T E R S , w ho c a lle d th e m eeting for 7:3o p. i i i . April 14 post­ poned it from a w eek e a rlie r to a c ­ com m o date Atty. G en. JOHN HILL, who is the lead-off in a se rie s Mrs. 
PE TE R S is putting on called "D em o ­ crats in the N ew s.” . . 
HILL will loom even larger in the news when he for­ mally announces for governor . . . 

GUESS which congressm an has the most dom estic air m iles under his belt logging m ore dom estic miles probably than any ll. S. congressm an in history? 
. . . C o ng ressm an 
HENRY B. GON­ 
ZALEZ, th at’s who . . . HENRY es­ tim ates he's traveled m ore than five 

 m illion m ile s , m o stly b etw een W a­ shington and San Antonio, in the 15 vears he’s been in Congress . . . 

AND GONZALEZ reports his recent sabbatical from Congress after he re ­ covered from the flu was the most en­ joyable period he’s had in the 24 years he’s been in elective office . . . said he’d never b ad a break of m ore than three days during all those years . . . 

AMONG those not too enthused by the M iss F ie sta P a g ean t w ere seven 
San Antonio police officers assigned to provide security for the event at the 
Municipal A uditorium . . . in the past, such g u a rd duty w as off-duty m oo n­ light extra for the officers, but not this year . . . one officer reported he was ordered there for his regular tour of duty instead of directing traffic on 
11141o * . . 

NONE o th er than public em ployes union boss 
HENRY 
"T H E 
FO X -’ 
MUNOZ nam ed by A merican F ed era­ tion of S tale. County and M unicipal 
E m p lo y e s I n te rn a tio n a l P re s id e n t 
JE R R Y M U RE as an executive con­ sultant to 
W URF 
. . . The Fox will continue to head qu arter in San Anton­ io. but the A FSC ME executive council will be launching special projects in a five-state area soon . . . 

C A N D ID A TE S for e m p lo y m e n t in the S h eriff's D ep artm e n t a p p aren tly due psychological testing from now on, 
B exar County Civil Service C o m m is­ sion m e m b e rs HELEN DI TM ER an J 
LUCILLE SANTOS told last week . . . 
Loose lips sink VIPs 

CLOSED-MOUTH RECORD racked up by 
BLAIR 
R E E V E S , 
TOM 
STOL- 
HANDSKE, A L B ER T BUS­ 
TA M A NTE and A. 
J . 
PLOCH in keeping their drug-detecting dug 
ROM ­ 
MEL a deep secret from all for six months . . . who woul da thought politicians could keep their mouths shut that long? 

THEN THERE S this ques­ tion: lf the dog’s to be such a deterrent to jail-based narco­ tics traffic, why keep him under wraps at ail? 

CIVIL SERVICE Commis­ sion members 
HELEN 
D U TM ER and 
LUCILLE 
SANTOS not at all civil in their blistering com m ents about BEEVES et a1 and the court’s failure to push for reinstatement of three Pre­ cinct 5 deputies Constable ISH 
GARZA flat refused to swear in as helpers out there . . . 
With a helping hand from 
Com m issioners Court, the three have been transferred to service in the Sheriff’s De­ partment . . . HELEN claims they can he fired at any time in the next 9o days because of the transfer . . . 
JUST 
ONE 
WORD: 
• Thanks" to 131st District 
Judge FRED SHANNON for cutting through all the time­ worn courtroom gentility and formality to get quickly to the common-sense basis for per­ tinent legal argument in that 
Selma/Universal City debate last week . . . and in special 

 distrid court, before Judge 
EUGENE WILLIAMS, 
Asst. 
City 
Atty. 
CRAW FORD 
REEDER and fire fighters’ attorney JACK LEON earn­ ing credit for stating both sides of the complicated sick pay case in simple, clear and brief language so everyone could understand . . . 

*‘l TELL you there’s no pa­ triotism. That’s ridiculous. I don't think we ought lo pay it,” Judge REEVES declar­ ing over the $43.4o bill Laurel 
Heights United Methodist 
Church submitted to cover cost of using the church as a polling place in the San An­ tonio 
River 
Authority/Ed­ wards Underground Water 
District election Jan. IS . . . 
“ Let’s see if we can’t find another church in your dis­ trict that’ll do ii for free,” 
REEV ES . . . telling J E F F 
W ENTW ORTH . . . SARA reimburses Bexar County fort that cost, by the way. 
MAKES YOU WONDER . . . 
Commissioners Court arguing again last week over food service at Bexar County 
Courthouse . . . no complaints about quality, quantity or speed of service, mind you, just over the prevalence of food odors in halls and offices on the first and second floor . 
. . decided to go to bids on (he service instead of renewing 
VELMA AWALT’s long­ standing contract . . . Only 
Com. A. J. PLOCH objecting and pointing the ducting, not the operator, is causing the odor problem . . . . 

Boiler 
Room 
Ca ta [at ign nI i*c< I la a en 

D IS T R IC T 3 c o u n c il c a n d id a te 
GLEN HORTON indelicately referring to C o u n c ilm a n 
BOB B ILLA as 
"L andslide B illa." . . . th at’s in refer­ ence to the Piekwell Drive landslide, noted for b ack y ard s sliding into Bob 
Billa Drive . . . 
AND footing around with District 9 c a n d id a te JIM D E M E N T on so m e n eig h b o rh o o d c a m p a ig n in g is none o th e r th a n w e a th e r m a n JU D A SH ­ 
MORE . . . one of D E M E N T S oppon­ ents in Hie race for District 8 council represen tative is w eatherm an GLEN 
HARTMAN . . . 

AN in c u m b e n t (n o t r e c u m b e n t ) councilman is em erging as the biggest crybaby of the cam paign, and that s out of 78 candidates in the listings . . . feels he just doesn t get his share of the publicity, an idea that is m ore fancy than fact . . . 

C O U N C IL M A N 
P H IL P Y N D L S nailing Councilman FORD NIELSEN on a canard that 
FORD will have a difficult tim e talking himself out of and it w as on an issue that NIELSEN himself raised . . . on March 13 in a speech at Aggie P a rk . 
KORD p ro­ c la im e d : " P y n d u s ’ a b s e n te e is m at cou ncil m e e tin g s ov er th e p ast two years shows he is not truly interested in working for the people to achieve tin* goals for the com m un ity.” . . . PYN- 
DUS, who thought he had been m iss­ ing 
N IELSEN at council m eetings, got City Clerk GARLAND JACKSON lo cheek the record . . . lo and behold, of the 127 m eetings held between May 
I, 1975. when the present council took over, and M arch 17. 1977. the record sh o w s th a t 
N IE L S E N m is s e d 13 m e e tin g s , n e a rly d o u b le the sev en m issed in the sam e period by 
P Y V 
DUS . . . 
IT isn t w id ely r e m e m b e r e d hut mayoral candidate SAN MARTIN was a cham pion city fencer in his earlier days . . . he was a specialist with the foil . . . 

T hank s to red istrictin g , individual voters will be casting their ballots in the San Antonio City Council races only for m ayor and for one of the IO district councilm en. Before districtin g , each voter could vote for all nine council m e m b e rs . 
In effect, by voting d is ­ tr ic tin g in. San A ntonio v o t e r s e x ­ panded the council from nine to ll. but reduced the num ber of races in which they can vote from nine to two. 

It will br the first election involving selection of council m em bers by ward in San Antonio in m o re than half a century. 

The m ayor's race, the only race to he voted on city-wide, has dom inated the scene. T he la te st polls show Mayor 
Lila C ockrell leading Jo hn M onfrey into a ru n o ff by a few p e r c e n ta g e 

 points, although no one could tell it last week. 
Mayor Cockrell, the incum bent and in effect the cham p, departed from the norm to challenge Monfrey to a piddle, debate in front of City Hall. 'M o n f r e y . u n r u f f le d , wisely refused and held a 
;rtd:rXed p re s s c o n fe re n c e a fte r the mayor blistered him in absentia 

Monfrey’s su prem e confidence that he will he the next m ayor was dem on­ s tra te d at his c o n fe re n c e , w hen he corrected a rep orter who asked what he would do about some problem " if” he's elected. It's not " if,” it s "w h en ,” 
Monfrey retorted. 

But Monfrey has pulled in on his earlier expectations of winning without a runoff, conceding tin1 Express-News poll indicated a probable runooff. (A poll com m ission ed by M onfrey indi­ cated about tin* sam e resu lts as the 
Express-News poll). 

Not to be ruled out in the m ayor s r a te is Dr. Jose San M artin, form er mayor pro tem. Although the poll re­ flected San M artin is run ning third. 
Price Jr. gets ideas 
Power 
Players 

EYEING AG O FFIC E 
Word from the Liberty, Texas area is that form er 
Texas House Speaker PRICE DANIEL 
JR. is looking over the prospects in the state attorney general's race next year. when JOHN HILL is expected lo m a k e his ru n at G ov 
DOLPH 
BRISCOE 

PICKING T H E O PPO N EN T 
Za­ v ala C o u n ty J u d g e 
JO S E A N G EL 
G U TIERREZ is considering a race for 
Congress . . . hut the Ra/.n Cnida Party leader says his first choice for an op­ ponent is B e x a r C ounty Com. 
AL­ 
BERT BUSTAMANTE 
. the South 
Texas county judge would like to see 
BUSTAMANTE knock incum bent I S 
Rep. 
ABRAIIAM KAZEN off in the 
Democratic prim ary 
GUTIERREZ says he thinks KAZEN can be beat and would bkt* BUSTAMANTE to do it so he eau m ake a "donkey” out of 
BUSTAM ANTE in the general election 
. . . no c o m m e n ts fro m th e B ex a r 
Countv com m issioner . . hut KAZEN says G U TIERREZ must he in trouble in Crystal City because its more of an honor to lose ru n n in g for C o ng ress than for re-election as county judge . . . looks like a lively battle shaping up in that Congressional district . . . 

D IDN ’T the m a v o r’s c a m p have a spy at 
JO H N M O N F R E Y ’S p re s s conference following M ayor LILA’S 

Movers ami shakers 

 sidewalk display in front of City Hall ’ the LILA COCKRELL s u p p o rte r blended in with the p ress and m ay have taken more notes on what MON 
(■REY was saying than any repo rter there . . . her cover wasn't blown until after she left after the conference was over . . . 

ISN'T it possible those C ity Council candidates who signed pledges for 
COPS and ROBBED m ight he con­ tested should they win their elections? 
. if so. grounds would be they pro­ mised som ething in exchange for votes 
. . 
COPS, by the way. down at the end pulled out of the signing business . 

COUNCILMAN BARTMAN isn’t the only politico in the H artm an family . 
. his oldest brother. PERCY, is county judge of San Patricio County, and is a to n n er county com m issioner there . . . 
GLEN re p o rts he is till* y o un gest brother in the family, hut the rigor of his c u rr e n t c a m p a ig n is agin g him rapidly . . . 

 the doctor is hanging iii strong. Should he fade and fail to m ake the cut. San 
M artin a nd his ferv e n t s u p p o r te r s could decide the April 1H runoff race for mayor between Mrs. Cockrell and 
Monfrey 
Any citizen who hasn t seen or h e ard the c a n d id a te s d u rin g the course of the cam paign m ust be w ear­ ing blinders and ear-plugs. 

Never in San Antonio cam paigning have m ore hopefuls had m ore to say about more problems than in the c u r­ re n t c a m p a ig n . C a n d id a te s h av e emoted with raw sew age lap ping at their shoelaces, have fulminated from atop garbage dumps, have orated su r­ rounded by livestock, and have d e ­ claimed from the step s of City Hall. All in all, it's been an edifying and educa­ tional experience 

Candidates for the council from the districts have conducted an intensive cam paign, som e of them going door- to-door besides gladly a p p e a rin g at dozens of functions. 

In D istric t I. C o u n c ilm a n H en ry 
Cisneros appears to have clear sailing to re-election, and may m ake it in the first go Saturday. 

District 2 is another m atter, how­ ever. There, nine candidates are seek­ ing th e seat which the Rev. ( lau de 
B lack is v a c a tin g at the end of his current term . (Ile s the only m em b er of tly* present council not seeking re-elec­ tio n ). F r o n t r u n n e r s a p p e a r to be 
C h arle s W illiam s, w hom B lack has e n d o rsed as his su c c e s so r, an d Jo e 
Webb. and Murrene Gilford. 

Councilm an Al Rohde, who m oved into District 8 specifically to m ake the race for that district's seat, is the only candidate to so move. Rohde has the name identification, hut he’s so ru n ­ ning in a d istrict which has fielded eight other candidates, all of them w itll longer re s id e n tia l c re d e n tia ls th a n 
Rohde. 

District 8 presents the hottest of the 
IO d is tric t ra c e s. It s th e only ra c e where a current councilman is running against another, along with four other le s s e r know n c a n d id a te s 
T h e tw o council m em b ers are Ford Nielsen, the b orn a g a in c o n s e r v a ti v e , a n d P h il 
Pvndus, a conservative Republican - 
The D istrict 9 ra c e also has d ra w n some attention, with Councilman Glen 
H artm an defending against three op­ p o n e n ts . 
Two of th o s e , 
S ta le 
Republican C om m itteem an Yan Henry 
A rc h e r an d J i m D e m e n t, th e d e ­ veloper, are running extrem ely active cam paigns 
A flam ing liberal fin d s 
Senate power suits him 

People 
Are Funny 

I lint iiu lm lrn 
/ntlilit o* 

QUOTABLES — There have already been plenty of ridiculous things said in the City Council cam paign, but one of the m ost no tab le quotes c a m e from 
’D is t r ic t 
IO c a n d id a te 
H E L E N 
WALTER . . . MRS. WALTER told the gathering ut the B uilder's Assn. Can­ d id a te s’ Night: "I consider myself a leader, but the problem is the idiots won t follow ” . . . 

I 
A Republican m atron attending her first City Council m eeting incensed ut councilman HENRY CISNEROS' be­ havior during the citizens to In* heard period • - • says he w asn ’t listening, and kept popping his bubble gum his b u b b le g u m ? . . . i f s o kay . 
HENRY . . . tieing a Republican, she isn t in your district . . . 

AND a longtime radio com m entator re fe rrin g to B exar County c o n g re s s­ men 
HENRY B. GONZALEZ. 
BOB 
K RUEGER, and KIRA DE LA GAR 
ZA . . . DE LA GARZA'S inclusion in a list of B exar County co n g ressm en must have been as puzzling to him us it is to C ongressm an CHICK KAZEN. whose district does include a portion of 
B e x a r . . . 

QIAN'S best friend’’ . . . that is what 
County 
Jud ge 
BLAIR 
R EEV ES is questioning after hiring ROMMEL the wonder dog to sniff out w ro ng do ers w h a t did 
R O M M E L do out of gratitu de to the judge? . . . well, he tried to do liquid so m e th in g to the judge’s wheel chair . , . 

IN T H E S E DAYS of too m uch go­ vernm ent and too many com m ittees, it was not at all surprising that a group showed up before the San Antonio De­ v e lo p m e n t A gency am i th o u g h t lls representatives wert* talking to the si 
P au l S q u a r e A d v iso ry C o m m itte e . 
W e’re SADA, thcv were told, KADA 

By JACK KEEVER 
A S S O O A T I D W I S S 
AUSTIN’ 
— 
Sen. 
Aa run 
“ Babe’’ Schwartz of Galveston is a wordsmith, and the word most im p o rta n t to him is 
“ functional.” 

He can’t imagine life without being functional — intellectually and p h y ­ sically — and 1989 was the "scariest year” of his lite because he thought a hack ailment would cripple him 
His critics, and there have been long lines of them iii his 22 y e a rs i i i the legislature, probably would settle for 
Schwartz developing a perm anent sore throat. 
For it is his voice, words tum bling out iii fury and fun. (iiat is his tra d e m a rk ..No legislator can m atch nim word-for-word tor m ore than a lew minutes 
J im B ates and Bill P u tm a n hav e come close to belting him 
" I le doesn t have a frie n d in th e 
S e n a te,’’ Sen Andy R og ers of C h il­ d r e s s once said iii s e c o n d in g 
Schwartz s nomination as tem porary presiding officer, "so I ll pose as ‘im* 
In those days, the niid-HWh 
S th w a rt/ was telling the Senate, "I don't care about your club. You didn't invite me. ll I had to depend on you to be a m em ber of your club. I wouldn't be a mem ber, lf you could vote me oui now, you’d vote me out." 
Now, resting ins aching back ut a creaky wooden swivel chair. Schwartz. 
5o, recalls how "I despised the Senate when I cam e to the Senate" in 198o 
Ills m e m o ry is of S e n a te p o w e r ­ houses insulting him anti his stubborn pride reb elling al tra d in g perso n al lavers. 
Standing on the Senate floor, shout­ ing at lobby ists lurched in the balcony. 
Schwartz would w onder. " I have no arm or, no friends, no support. What am I doing here.’” 
Ile knows, however, Iii1 would rather lie here than anywhere 
Through hard work and longevity, he, loo has become a Senate power — ch airm an of the ju risp ru d e n c e c o m ­ mittee and a m em ber a1 tile finance committee 
Schwartz seem s lo have spent a great deal of his earlier years fidgeting over his name. "W hen I was 14 I threw 

SEN. A . R. SCHW ARTZ 

 my last te m p e r ta n t r u m ut b e in g c a lle d 
B a b y ’ by e v ery b o d y in m y family, and we got down to B abe.’ I figured that was as tar us I ever was going lo gel." 
In the Navy Schwartz tired of writing 
"N M I" for no-middle initial and thought of assum ing the middle nam e. 
Stephen. Fortunately, he thought what the initials for Aaron Stephen Schwartz would look like stenciled on hts seabag and discarded Stephen for Robert 
It wasn't until his second or third t e r m i i i the S e n a te , he s a y s , th at 
" B a b e ’' b e c a m e " i d e n t i f i a b l e a ud valuable on the ballot." F rien d s, e n ­ em ies and s t r a n g e r s now ( all him 
Babe ’ 
Schwartz's interest i i i the legislature developed when he was a I Diversity o! 
Texas law student working as a page at the Capitol. "I thought, 'Hell. ail those guys down there an* making HU a day and they don I know n o th in g 
I b is 
( c h a r a c te r i z a ti o n d e lic ti) is an addiction. ' he said of (he legislature* 
Ile lost his first race tor the House in 
19.ill but served in 1954-58 before suf­ fering hts second lo ss — iii a race for 
Hie Senate against incum bent Jim m y 

P h illip s of Angleton in 1958. P hillips quit and Schwartz w as elected to the 
Senate two years later. 
Schwartz recalls that t raw ford 
M artin, an easygoing c o n s e rv a tiv e , helped him pass a lull i i i 1985 — "a t a tune when I wasn't su p p osed to lo* able lo pass bills like th a t” — c re a tin g a state school for retarded children ut 
Richm ond T his re m a in s one of his proudest accomplishments. 
It was not tint11 Ben Barnes becam e lieutenant governor in 1989, however. 
"facing a coalition of liberals that for the first time looked like 14 v o tes." that a presid in g officer so u g h t the liberal Schwartz’s favor 
S c h w a rtz 's po w er grew u n d e r 
Barnes and Ll Gov 
Bill Hobby, even though Schwartz feels Hobby had the 
"prevailing vow of people who don't know me very well and that is that I'm sort ut hostile and angry 
An "ego trip lo! Schwartz lias been the virtual chinin.limn of private S en ­ ate sessions on governor s appointe* s. a fight he fought alone for years The s tru g g le won for him S ig m a Dt 
I hi s "Frit 
1987 lh* says. !|pw 
I ’m p ro u d est of is ti whole period from 19(9) t< ythiflg that has h ap p e n s se q u e n c e oil th e eon* something to do with 
"It has really become w ith the co ast, an infa coastal problems, aud yin bottomless pit. I ve lived lite aud hope lo finish n and I hope my kids —- some of ti live there, and I hope their kids able to enjoy it.” ll is on the su 
Texas coast that titled his No 
I < estate* lobby , who simply don’t be restricted in their rights to derw ater lots to people 
His IHMsnilul feuds ill the Sol 

 ought alone 
I 
.on for him tai oi Journal 

 vcr, "I I ct dui 

 ut any con­ li ad 

 a love affair alation w itll i know there a iy lite Ithere. 

•rn1 

 ot pr a rt/ Ii 

 says. have 
Instal v 
VV spect. ” 
VS here o a col lea gu now admit compromit wav I (eel 
" F i f e 's 

>m iierisi. 
, cry el' 

 thwart. cd him bristU-U u h 

 o ma 
. a Ii btu tin* 

March 27 1977 

TH tv M MAW 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E d it o r ia l s 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor o f the Editorial Page 
Give Lila a good team 

Mayer Lila Cockrell has earned another term. 
So have Councilmen Henry 
Cisneros, Bob Billa, Phil I\vFi­ dos and Glen Hartman. John 
Steen, long a champion of good governm ent for San Antonio, merits a seat on the council. 
Those are the Kxpress-News cimices from HO candidates who have filed for election where ll will eventually be chosen for the new co u n cil's m ayor and IO council members. 
MAVOR COCKRELL has demotist rated effec tive leadership in the open adminis­ tration of city b usin ess. She went into her term as mayor with only two members of her ticket. She emerged with a coa­ lition of five, six and sometimes nine members united. 
She did that through hard work, give-and-take debate, and council m e m b e r s who, t h e m ­ selves, put broad city interests in the forefront of their consi­ derations. 
Mayor Cockrell has more council e x p e r ie n c e than any other candidate and a record that clearly demonstrates skill, fairness, firmness, knowledge and patience to insure full con­ sideration of all contending viewpoints bearing upon city business. Her effective leader­ ship is solidly on the record. 

CISNEROS, IN DISTRICT I. gives the council an outstanding sp ecia list and an a g g r e s s iv e idea-man who knows the city, its problem s and opportunities well. 
Cisneros has extensive train­ ing in city government. He has first-hand experience as a White 
House fellow, a city-m anager trainee and a background of know ledge of San A ntonio’s centcr-citv environm ent and people. He gives District I an exceptional representative. 

COUNCILMAN BILLA IN 
DISTRICT :t is well exper­ ienced. His southeast-area dis­ trict needs a proven representa­ tive under the new council arrangement. 
Billa fills that bill. He has e x te n siv e e x p e r ­ ience on the Planning and Zon­ ing Commission and he under­ stands the importance of finding growth g en er a to rs for the soutnern part of the city. 
\ s that d is t r ic t ’s council representative, he will have a particularly good opportunity to work lei* that goal. 

COUNCILMAN LYNDES IN 
DISTR U r H has been an effec­ tive and consistent member of the council. He is a man of un­ questioned integrity and dedi­ cation lo me city’s general wel­ fare. 
Ills conservative philosophy is unw avering. His se n se of fairness was obvious during an often-turbulent two years on the 

LETTERS 

 council. He is a successful busi­ ness executive with honest com­ passion, and is tough enough to make fair decisions based on hard facts well debated. 

COUNCILMAN HARTMAN 
IN DISTRICT 9 has chaired the im portant council s u b c o m ­ mittee on policies and planning. ll was a political hot seat he willingly took and handled ad­ mirably. 
Through that s u b c o m ­ m it t e e ’s work, the city has evolved a planning process that insures decisions based on tough analysis of factual data. Hart­ man's professional career in the military service prepared him well for his council job and the fact that hi' emerged as a coun­ cil leader attests to the compe­ tency of his performance. 
Hartman is both tough- minded and fair. Those traits have given the council an e le ­ ment of restraint in favor of thorough study of problems that has been valuable. His chief op­ ponent is Jim Dement, early and consistent ally of Oscar Wyatt in the Coastal States dispute. After all Wyatt has done to the people of San Antonio, he shouldn’t be given a seat on the Council. 
Except for the mayoral race. 
Hartman faces the toughest race where voters will learn whether a council seat can be bought. 

STEEN IN DISTRICT IO is a long-time leader in the politi­ cal-civic life of San Antonio. He will give business interests fair consideration with p rob lem s they may have with city go­ vernment and, we are persuad­ ed, he will recognize and honor the public interest where it may find conflict with any particular interest. 
He has served the San An­ tonio Union College District as trustee and was for many y ears a leader in tin* Good G overn­ ment League when it was iii the forefront of reform for San An­ tonio's best era so far of pro­ gressive development. 

IT IS IMPORTANT for voters to give Mayor Cockrell a team of independent council members, but m em bers who are fair en­ ough and seasoned enough to manage the complex business of directing the city ’s many and varied services. 

In the other five d istricts, w here 43 ca n d id a te s are in­ volved, we will await the run-off for a recommendation. 
In this first year of district council members, effective go­ vernment will depend upon ex­ perience. San Antonio needs a team id' at least a majority to insure tough debate and hard work on com mon goals. Inex­ perienced, s in g le - issue mem bers can insure only tur­ moil. 

" I see ins Mi m i - irs SMILING at us ... no ... n o, i 'm wrong, ITS NCT SMILING 
KT US ...IT'S LEERING AT US/" 

Neighborhood lobbies keep City Hall in line 

This new spaper welcomes letters from its reader*. 
They should be short, not over 3oo words, and they must be signed. However, only readers’ initials will be used if the request is m ade. Unsigned letters will not be pub­ lished, The paper reserves the right to edit any letter for length, good taste or loqai reasons, Letter writers must include their proper address and telephone number — which will not be published — so the correct identity of the writer ccm be established. Send letters to P.O. lo* 
3171, San A to n ia , Texas 78297. 

Dirty politics 

Sir. It is sad to hear all the adverse rumors that circulate during a politi­ cal cam paign such as the one that is now tak ing place locally from the m ayor’s race to the council’s race. 
All these men and women who have placed their nam es in the running are line citizens pf San Antonio, in their own ways. Thus it is sad to hear attacks from opposing public relations people. 
C haracter assassinations, character aspersions, character motives are the prim e tools of these ruthless PH types. 
But I don’t believe the people of San 
Antonio are going to be hoodwinked by these smooth-fast talking PH propa­ gandists. 
I believe San Antonians will make up their own minds and discard the garbage that is spawned during a political campaign. 
Charles W. Kent 

City Council recently a p ­ proved a massive rezoning plan designed to protect the South 
San Antonio area from creeping junk yards which had just about taken over the place. 

The council action, competing as it was with all the o th er events of the day. didn t get a lot of attention. 

But C o m m u n itie s O rg a n iz e d for 
P u b lic S e rv ic e (C O P S ) w as q u ite aw are of it: the rezoning plan capped two years of work by COPS to bring some sort of zoning sense to tile area and to halt junkyard expansion 

V irginia Z am ora, a COPS sp o k es­ man. believes the effort deserved more attention It represents, she believes, a positive contribution by COPS which often is perceived as a negative force. 

History 

She delivered a history of the COPS efforts begun in 1975, alter COPS was organized. 

Tin' docum ents and news clips indi­ cate that COPS did its homework arid that it finally prevailed by not too po­ litely shoving the solution down the throat of City Hall. 

Mrs Zam ora says the next objective is establishm ent of an industrial park in the a re a so the junk and salv ag e op eratio ns can som eday be bunched together . . next to one another and not next lo a home 

Jim 
Wood 

City Hall 

[ l - 
^ 

Good zoning to you. Mrs Zamora 

Groups outshouting one another are not tile best approach to the problems of the cities. But responsible neig h­ borhood organizations a re needed to b rin g a s e n s e of b a la n c e to c itie s across the country because city gov­ ernm ent is growing out of hand. 

Frustrations 

G ov ern m en t is g ettin g b ig ger and bigger and city m anagers and m ayors are feeling the frustrations that presi­ dents liave felt — trying to get done what needs to be done but often gets lost m Hie bureaucracy. 

One safeguard is neighborhood groups th at re a lly c a re . In th e c o n tin u in g m unicipal orgy known as New York 
City, neighborhood groups are playing a key role in the Queens area which, not u n lik e S a n A nto nio, e m b r a c e s many ethnic groups. They do it by such things as counting policemen on their blocks and teachers in their schools. 

COPS proved its aw areness in South 
Sun by counting the junkyards wi&U 
-itA 
* 

M onfrey’s m oney finally lit Lila’s fire 

Coverage 

On another subject, as neighborhood groups continue to a ssess what they believe their needs to be and city offi­ cials do the sam e, they continue also to foc us their attentions on one source of money: federal revenue sharing. 

The quick fix 

It is a phrase that is taking on an identity of its own and. unfortunately, used ail too often as a quick-fix a p ­ proach to c uring social ills. 

Revenue sharing is. of course, the phrase used to identify money handed back from the federal governm ent in 
Washington to local governments. 

It is a component of what was known us tin* “ new federalism ” which cities lobbied to get and finally gained. The cities sa id , in effect: G ive us back some of the money our citizens pay in taxes and let us figure out how to spend it. 

One result has been poorly thought out uses, often d e sig n e d to p la c a te neighborhood groups on a one-shot ba­ sis. and often spent without figuring the im pact on the overall budget sup ­ ported by local taxes. 

P o lic e m e n h ir e d w ith r e v e n u e sharing money now are going to have to lie fired or paid with local tax money when the revenue sh a rin g well ru ns dry. A park built with revenue sharing money will have to be kept up with money from other sources. 

The penalties for those quick-fix so­ lutions are beginning to catch up with us. 

Sir Thank you very muc h for print­ ing my letter of som e two weeks ago about your lack of coverage of those c an d id a tes ru n ning for City Council against the incumbents. You continue to follow this policy. Each day we are given wide cov erage of the D. Ford 
Nielsen and Phil Pyndus contest, with a few well-buried re m a rk s about the other candidates in District 8. 
While I happen to be in F red Bar- ricklovvs corner I also happen to be­ lieve that the voters have a right to hear from Brown. \ otter and Wolfson, as any one of these candidates may well have something new to offer the voters tu replace those well publicized incum bents who have taken San An­ tonio to the brink of financ ial disaster, and now ask the voters to return them for two m ore years. 
Robert F. Stark 

(We are confident that no candidate has been denied space for responsible ideas. — Editors) 

Clean it up 

Sir: Four years ago we spent $5o.o(1(1 to remodel our downtown location at 
Pecan and Broadway, having faith in the continued vitality of our c ity ’s cen tral business section. This was based on the continual representations of our city adm inistration and other o rg a n iz a tio n s of a m a s te r plan of regeneration. 
We hear continued w arnings about polluting the w ater supply of the city, about polluting our air. about polluting o u r r i v e r , ab o u t c o n s e r v in g o u r historical sites and cultural heritage. 
We hear about m aster plans for the future development of orderly growth in the outlying areas. 
While I hear and observe all of what I mention, I witness the polluting of our dow ntow n s tre e ts by an influx of 
\- r a te d theatres, unsavory persons, prostitutes operating iii the open, a littering of the stre e ts and private property wit Ii wine. whiskey, and beer containers, employes who cannot even walk through T rav is P a rk without being offended by what they see or hear. 
I invite each m em b er of the City 
Council aud council candidates to visit tile 2o(1 block of Broadway, as well as otlier areas of downtown on foot, us tourists, downtown employes, and downtown em ployers must do, for a vivid sam ple of what is referred to herein. 
It is too much to ask lo designate an area away from our vital central business sector, w here the type of activity I m ention can at least be contained, so that all downtown e m ­ ployes. to u rists, and sh o p p ers can move about in a nun-polluted central business sector? lf this is not a priority then we have needlessly spent money on tin* downtown sector and will he forced to flee out of the downtown area. us many have. 
Carl H. Pfeiffer. President 
First A merican Title t o. 

N o j o k e 

Sir: The $5(1 rebate may be a joke to our congressm en but it no juke to the* people. 
A family of four with a $K,(Nio income might buy a new washing machine or perhaps some new tires. They could have a badly needed engine overhaul. 
How about some shoes for the kids or paving an overdue utility bill? The list is endless and the needs are great. 
An elderly lady said to me. “ It will pay my grocery bill for a m onth.” 
No this is no “ joke,” thank you 
Cen Brown 

The l)i)4 problem for tin* new breed of political c a m p a ig n packagers is simple: Despite all of their technically e le g a n t planning, the human element keeps busting into the script. 
That seems to Im* what happened l u > t week. All of a sud den . M ayor Iola 
Cockrell was transformed into a fiery 
— and very effective — stum p speaker 
And th e ir r i t a n t th a t fu e le d th e m a y o r’s eloquence was nothing less than one of the lavish media m iracles produced by Boh Heller, tin* Houston p o litical c o n s u l ta n t , for h e r m ost threatening opponent, John Mon Trey. lier strength 

Those who have watched City Hull over any period of time are well aw are th a i the m a y o r ’s s t r e n g th is h e r special ability to penetrate quickly to tile d ead c e n t e r of c ity p ro b lem s, keeping a host of details iii focus and coining up with sensible policy. 
At the sam e lim e. th** m a y o r has 
(teen willing to engage iii productive give and take with lier council 

Kemper 

Diehl 

 i 
:JpP 

Politics 

I 

■ « * > 

 m W l 

 colleagues. 
T h is d e p th of k n o w le d g e and cooperative style have enabled her to build a majority on key decisions, even though she was outnum bered B-3 when site took office 
But Mrs, Cockrell’s style of well-in­ formed reasoning simply doesn't have m uch political resonance. Her calm analysts of a problem does not stir the blood of voters 
That w o n t d o for the current city campaign. The mayor is up against a c hallenger who is spending from three lo four tim es as much money as she can raise 
The answer, of course, is a cam paign 

 which stirs Hie hearts and m inds of grass roots voters and sends them lo 
(lie (lolls. And l.ila may well have come up with the rig h t in g r e d ie n ts la s t week, thanks lo her foes. 
What did it 

The item that triggered the m ayor s fiery eloquence was the slick eight- page newspaper insert that M onfrey unleashed on the very day Lila had called for a “ high noon” deflate. 
The m ayor s ta rte d out in d ig n a n t when she learned the price tag for the piece (about $31,(MMI) which just about 
(‘quailed her whole cam paign treasury lo date And she grew more incensed when she read the contents. 
Result When Lila em erged from in­ side ( tty Hall to face new sm en and cam eras attracted by her debute ch al­ lenge. she put on the hest cam p aig n show of her career. 
With Monfrey p red ictab ly a b se n t, the mayor d e b a te d Ills e x p e n s iv e eight-page supplement. And she did a very effective job. What most of her audience did not realize was that ll was an im p ro m p tu p e rf o rm a n c e — she hadn t even seen the supplement until 

 late in the morning 
Mrs. C ockrell scored a g a in s t the 
Monfrey image us a bustness-butlder for San Antonio by forcing his ad m is­ sion that the glossy p ro duction was conceived aud printed in Houston. 
More important, she scored heavily against a centerpiece of the Monfrey campaign — his cull for a huge sports complex for San Antonio 
Won’t work 
The mayor read from an expensive economic study by a ranking national consulting firm. Done for lilt* Coliseum 
Board just two years ago. ii concluded tiiut such a complex could not pay for itself, and that taxpayers would have to pick up the lion s share of the lab. ll would Im* a mighty big tab, she warned. 
While the new fire the m ayo r has injected into the cam paign will he im ­ portant in the final week before April 
2. It may he more im portant for the many run-off elections ahead. 
T h e re is su re to be a w e ird and wonderful shuffle, starling April 3, as w in n e rs, lo s e rs aud ru n -o ff participants ch oose up sides 

It will be d u rin g this period th at council fin alists will be forg in g a l­ liances with each other and with the two contestants left lit the race for mayor. 
The success, or failure, of these a r ­ rangements will carry over lo color the way th e first te n - m e m b e r c o u n c il breaks itself down. 
Casting around 

Buckers of losing candidates in the first election, in turn, will be looking for winners in the second. 
Many of the choices will be based on the way the candidates for m ayor are perceived to be ru nn in g d u rin g the week ahead 

And while the mayor and Monfrey are slugging it out. Dr. Jose San M ar­ tin. the third mayoral candidate, won t la* on the sidelines. 

He’s putting hts hopes of becoming th e c ity ’s first M e x ic a n -A m e ric a n mayor on Ute line, and his precin ct organization, possibly the biggest of all. will be carrying his m essage door-to-door. 

G am bling 

Sir: This is a letter expressing ii opposition to HB1499 
The “ Sport of K ings” may be exc mg to some. but it holds no glam or f me. Race track gam bling is one mo way to destroy the moral fiber of o land. The turn of a card and a hors! nose can often be the destruction ut family and his resources. 
We live in a difficult tim e and sui are tem pted to allow “ Lady Luck” determ ine their life style. Get ri sch em es do little to help us im strong minds, able lx»dies and with hands. Too often the track promt* more than it cull deliver and the fan claim s of support for worthwhile in jeets never really evolve. 
This is not to say that Texans shot not be allowed to run their horses. I person has a horse and wants to tai let him do so. My concern is maki the sport of running an object of b ting. We run foot races to let the In m an win. Whey not the s a m e I horses? T exa. does not need race ira gam bling 
Hubert F ( ulluoi l h I 

Unseen pow er 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
* 
 the Senate 

WASHINGTON p o s t 

WASHINGTON - Every Fri­ day morning at 8, a dozen or so high-level Senate Dem ocratic staff aides meet for breakfast in room S-12o of the Capitol to exchange ideas and talk over the legislative outlook. 

The b reak fasters are known to few people off Capitol Hill. T heir nam es are seldom in the papers. Sometimes they eat bagels, som etim es they eat grits. They d o n ’t alw ays ag ree with each other. They seldom m ake formal decisions. 
But, taken as a group, they form the top stratu m of an invisible network of staff power and influence i ii the Sen­ ate. with im pact on the life of every citizen of the United States. 
At any one breakfast you might bud 
Mike P e r ts c h u k . chief counsel and staff director of the Senate Commerce 
C o m m itte e ; F r a n k S u lliv a n of the 
Armed Services Committee; .Jim Cal­ laway of Appropriations; Bill Simpson. a key aide to Sen .lam es o. Eastland 
< D-Miss.): Mike Stern of the Finance 
C ommittee, or 
Democratic 
Policy 
Comm ittee staffers like Tom Hart or 
Lee Williams. 
Elected by no one. responsible only to their chairm en or to the leadership, well paid (most get $41.Tati a year), the staff d i r e c t o r s of th e S e n a te c o m ­ mittees have enorm ous power over the laws an d p ro g r a m s that govern the nation. Without doing anything corrupt or im m oral, they can exercise a lot ut influence on the way legislation comes out. The sam e is true for top assistants who work in the offices of individual senators. 

And as an added psychological bon­ us. they are courted In lobbyists and can indulge a certain im periousness. 
Leon Billings, chief aide to chairm an 
Edm und S. Muskie (D-Maine) of the 

Staff aides often pull the strings 

E n v ir o n m e n ta l P o llu tio n s u b c o m ­ mittee*. was heard telling his secretary a few days ago. “ Tell Ford (M otor Co.) we want them to testify. No is not ail answer. We want a witness.” 
So powerful are top staffers that it so m etim es a p p e a rs they ra th e r than senators are running the institution. 
“ The reason for all this.” Sen Hu­ bert P. Griffin (K-Mich.) said. “ is that senators have so much to do. so many assig nm ents, they leave too m uch to the staff.” One senator, for exam ple,, 
C harles ll Percy (R-Ill ), has had 28 com m ittee and subcom m ittee assig n ­ m ents. He c a n ’t possibly keep track of all the work himself. 
Sen. Dick Clark (D-Iowa). a former 

 staff man in the House before lie ran for th e 
S e n a te . c o n c u r r e d : 
“ D ependency on staff is g re a t. Do­ mination. no. Dependency, definitely 
There is no question of our enorm ous dependency and their influence. Iii all legislation, they 're the ones that lay out the options.” 
Clark had just returned from a Sen­ ate Ethics Committee* meeting, and he gave this illustration; “ The staff spent 
IO hours draw ing up an outline for a proposed code of ethics. Then we spent two hours studying it. We worked hard on it — but they drew up the options ” 

Some time back, ( lark unwittingly gave an excellent ex am ple of depen- 
U.S. free trade era may be ending 

WASHINGTON POST 
WASHINGTON - “ I was nur­ tured on the free-trade concept in college during the Roosevelt years," says tonner Democratic 
Party 
N ational 
C om m ittee 
Chairman Robert S. Strauss of 
Texas, nominated by President 
Carter to be his special trade representative. 

“ My concept was that free and open trade is needed to provide peace in our tim e.” he said in a recent interview. 
But the tim e has come when even de­ dicated advocates of free trad e must realize I hat it is no! arn end iii itself, but involved tradeoffs and options for the economy . Strauss noted. 
The a d m in is tra tio n ’s top trad e ne­ gotiator says he is not about to aban­ don the goal of elim inating barriers to free trade am ong nations, but cautions that in pursuing free trade we must take into consideration the needs of our own econom y, including jobs, investment and inflation. 
I ii this cautious and circuitous way, 
S tr a u s s a c k n o w le d g e s the th e free- trade movem ent that filled the United 
S ta te s in th e 198os — n u r tu r e d by p o s tw a r p r o s p e r it y . low unem ploym ent and low inflation — has lieen replaced by a a growing protec­ tionist tide w hen, ironically, the n a ­ tions of the world have lieen meeting in 
Geneva for m ore than a year to nego­ tiate reductions or b a rrie rs to trade. 

Unions, manufacturers and m any congressm en have learned that foreign im p o rts th at rep la ce A m erican p ro ­ ducts also su p p lan t A m erican jobs. 
T hey a lso co n ten d th at th e U nited 
States has played the free-trade gam e by the rules while its trading partners 

It's the smite bunch o f 
( als ch a sin g a d i f f e r ­ ent g o a l' 

 even stronger p re s su re s.” a tra d e of­ ficial said. “ W e've got our tro u b les 
(econom ically), but we are relatively s tro n g ” co m p ared w ith E u ro p e and 
Japan. 

 often have not. in the courts and in the federal agencies, big and w ell-organ­ ized a s s a u lts on im p o rts have been launched by industry , unions and a l­ liances between the two. 
Arrayed against the industrial-union a ll ia n c e s a r e loosely o r g a n iz e d c o n s u m e r g ro u p s who w o rry ab o u t inflation and retailers who sell the im ­ ported p rod ucts. The W hite H o use’s in flatio n w atch d o g , th e C o un cil on 
Wage and P rice Stability, also argues 
I hat p ro tectio n is a very e x p e n siv e w ay, from th e c o n s u m e r 's point of view, to protect jobs. 
“ The constituiencies line un a little different than they did when I was chairm an (of tbA Dem ocratic P a rty ),” 
S trauss com m ented. Then labor and consum er interests were allied. “ I f s the sam e bunch of eats chasing a dif­ ferent goal this tim e.” 
Protectionist .sentiment am ong in­ dustry and labor has been reinforced by Hie recession. Because the United 
States has recovered laster than E u r­ ope. tilt* nation s d em an d for foreign products has picked up. far outstrip­ p in g fo re ig n d e m a n d s for 
U.S 
, products. T he big trade surplus of 1975 
(which was due to a deeper slide here titan ab ro ad lowering U.S. im p o rts) dissipated into a lug deficit in 1978. and experts expect more red ink this year. 
But p ro te c tio n ist d e c is io n s h e re , even minor ones, could trigg er worse protectionist problems abroad. “ There is a real risk that with a couple of res­ tric tiv e d e c is io n s h e re , fo reig n g o ­ vernm ents m ight not be able to resist 

Iho (arter administration will have its first go at an im portant trad e de­ cision within a month. iii February, the International T rade 
C o m m iss io n ru le d th a t im p o r t s of shoes were substantially d am aging the dom estic industry and recom m ended that a big 4(1 j>er cent tariff lie lev ted on all im p o rts in ex ce ss of 285 m illion p airs, lf the P re s id e n t a ff irm s that decision, im p o rts I rom Italy. Spain. 
Taiw an. Korea and Brazil will lie af­ fected seriously. 
I ii April, C arter m u st decide whether to impose quotas on su gar im ports and tariffs on black-and-white and color television sets, rem edies reco m m en d ­ ed by the trade com m ission last week. 
Most television im p o rts co m e from 
.Japan and. to a le sse r ex tent, from 
Taiwan and Korea. 
The nation s m ajor trading p artners a r e w a tc h in g C a r t e r s d e c is io n on stioes to get a clue to the a d m in istra ­ tion’s overall trad e policy. They pro­ 

 f e s s w orry that in creasin g U.S. p ro ­ tectionism could hurt world trade se r­ iously. 
T h e P r e s id e n t can a c c e p t th e r e ­ c o m m e n d a tio n s of th e In te rn a tio n a l 
T rade Commission as is. modify them or reject th em . U nless he a p p ro v e s them as is. Congress can override. 

Foreign industries w hose exports are increasing because they are more efficient are just as likely to be hit by lite trade com m ission as are industries who d um p products ut below-m arket prices simply to m aintain em ployment at home or to wipe out competition to timid new m arkets. 

 deney on stall when a reporter asked him for un explanation of a com plicat­ ed am endm ent he had just offered Ile m a d e an a tte m p t to e x p la in , th en , scratching Ins head. said takingly. 
“ Let mc ask my brain." Ile turned lo a staff aide behind him who bud worked out Hie actual language. The aide pro­ vided a full explanation. 
A staff d irecto r to a m ajor Senate com m ittee (who asked not to be iden­ tified) explained the ways iii which it is possible lo in flu en ce the w ork of a comm ittee 
“ I f s hard, but it can lie done, ll s easier with a w eak c h a irm a n , but I happen to have a strong one. I look on myself as his eye and ears. I look for issues he’s interested in. We think alike on a lot of issues. But the point is, i’m the eyes and ears. 
“ Usually, you draw up proposals for the y e a r ’s agenda, lay out the altern a­ tives. You can put iii som e stuff you like and leave out som e you d o n’t. I recom m end i d e a s that lie s interested 

 iii and also that I’m interested i ii 
“ You (and lower staff) write the po­ sition papers. You give recom m enda­ tions to the senator on how to handle things. You brief the other m em bers on an issue, and your point of v iew comes through there. 
“ lf you're iii favor of something, y ou m ake sure the host witnesses for it are there Of course, aides to senators wit Ii a different point of view w ill m ake sure to get their witnesses there, too 

T his sta if d irecto r a n d s e v e r a l others said that simply slipping a pro­ vision into a bill that the com m ittee basil I a p p ro v e d c a n ’t be done s u c ­ cessfully anym ore. “ Too many people review the legislation, and they find it.” 
“ T he staff d o e sn ’t run the Senate. hut m em b ers do rely loo m uch on stuff for inform ation. They ought to trim their assignm ents and do m ore of the 

 actual intellectual work them selves, 
These guys are sn busy. so stretched out. they rely on staff for judgements on how to vote. what legislation to back 
— ll they get burned, they get rid of that staff guy and get another they can rely un.” 
The “ eyes and e a rs ” function means listening to lobbyists, reading all the literalure on a subject, pushing ideas forward to the senator. It also means writing his speeches and advising him how to vote. 
An illustration of how it can work occurred a few years ago when ( ary 
Barker, a top aide lo Sen. Edward M 
K en n ed y ( D . M a s s ), w as re a d in g th ro u g h so m e l i t e r a t u r e on th e 
18-year-old vote, which at that tim e was not allowed. 
He discovered to his delight that two top legal scholars, Archibald Cox aud 
Paul F reu n d of H arvard law school, had com e to the conclusion that Con­ g r e s s co u ld g iv e th e vote to 
18 year-olds i ii federal elections m ere­ ly by passing a law. ra th e r than by constitutional am en d m en t, as had ai ways been thought necessary. 

Kennedy had always been interested 

 i i i the subject, and P a rk e r excitedly took the m a te r ia ls to K ennedy and worked up an am endm ent to tack onto 
Hic Voting Hights Act Extension Bill 
< iv ii rig h ts groups begged Kennedy not to do it. for fear voting rights ex­ tension might Im* endangered 
He hest H aled, hut tlie n -M a jo rity 
L e a d e r M ike M a n sfield (I)-M ont I didn’t lit* introduced tile am endm ent for him self. Kennedy and W arren G. 
Magnuson (DAVash.) and ram m ed ii through Congress — and th a t’s how the 
18-year-olds got the vote. 
Som etim es staffers are caught over­ reaching them selves and get slapped down. 
C arl M a rc y , a hig hly re s p e c te d form er staff chief on Senate Foreign 

R elations, had to offer to resig n b e ­ cause of C O P ang er after lie allowed language critical of President Nixon’s 
Cambodia bombing order to rem ain in a report (w ritten by another staffer) w h e re it w a s n ’t r e l e v a n t. H e w as im m ed iately reh ire d , but th e report was w ithdraw n and repeated without the extra language. 
Harley Dirks, longtime aid to Mag- nuson on the A p p ro p riatio n s Labor- 
H ealth, E du cation and W e lfare su b ­ com m ittee, was ousted after lie p ub ­ lished a docum ent m aking it ap p ear that a hearing on a certain subject had taken place, when in fact it hadn’t. The published document had senators and witnesses m aking statem ents to each other. 

Staff members deal with lobbyists all the ti m e , g e ttin g th e i r v iew s, running ideas by them and. .some­ times, getting a friendly lobby to put p ressu re on a senator whose vote on some issue may be undecided. During close votes, tin* Senate public lobby is ja m m e d w ith staffe rs and lobbyists c o n f e r r in g on w hich s e n a t o r th e lobbyists should “ hit" next 
An in f o rm a l s u rv e y of S e n a te insiders, asked to nam e the most in­ fluential staffers at p resen t, u n h esi­ tatingly named Mike Pertschuk, Mag- n u so n ’s top aid e on the C o m m e rc e 
Com m ittee, as No 
I 
J im C allaway, ch ief a id e to A p p r o p ria tio n s C o m ­ m ittee C h airm an John L. M cClellan 
(I) Ark ). was a close second 
Staffers oil A ppropriations say it’s clear McClellan has .great confidence in Callaway’s judgem ent, and when the senator needs advice on m a tte rs like the weapons budget or anything else he will turn prim arily to him. 
Ken M cLean, staff d irecto r on the 
Banking Committee, is another who is rated very high. So are Billings and 
Dick W egm an of The G o v ern m en tal 
Affairs Committee. Jero m e Levingson, director of Sen. b rank C h u rc h ’s (D- idaho) Multinational subcom m ittee, is described as having done a brilliant job looking into the CIA-ITT link in 
Chile and corporate bribes to foreign officials. 
Two other officials will) considerable influence a re W illiam H ild en b ran d . secretary of the GGP m ino rity, and 
.I S kim m itt, soon to be secretary of 

 t i n * S e n a te — both o ld t im e r s w ith plenty of knowledge of how things a re done and willing to share it with all the senators for whom they work. Hilden­ brand has long been known as the m an with the h e s t vote count i ii the Senate. 
“ I don’t see any staff guy em erging as Hie blist senator, th a t’s a crock.” said one of Hit* saw lest oldtim e staff men “ A lot of that is a myth. A staff guy can have only as m uch influence and power as lie's allowed to from lits leader licvinson. asserting that Church re ­ viewed iii advance every proposed step of the multinational investigation, said a staff man who short circuits ins tioss or begins lo think of himself as a sen­ ator has limited his legislative life. 
“ lf tin* staff ru n s aw ay and goes beyond w h at th e c h a i r m a n u n d e r ­ stands has been ag reed on, you can ki-NS the inv estig ation goodbye. Aud you can kiss the stuff goodbye.” 
Carter’s rights stand has world in turm oil 

Maybe they'll strike 

WASHINGTON — Now that Con gross and high government officials have receiv ed their pay ra ises, heads of foreign governments are demanding that they also be given a boost in salary. After it was re­ vealed that King Hussein, as well as other leaders of the Free World. were on the CIA payroll, the heads of foreign governments decided lo take their demands lo*- a pay hike to the public. 

“ We haven’t had a pay raise from the CIA in eight years,” one prime minister complained lo me. “ How does the CIA expect to attract able, d ed ica ted lea d ers if they don I match the salaries of the multina­ tional corporations such as Lock­ heed. Boeing and the Gulf Oil Co.?” 

“ I guess the reason,” I said. “ Is that if you people got a raise from the CIA y o u ’d hr m ak in g m ore money than the President of the 
I nited States.” 

“ Our expenses are higher. Some ut us have more than one wife to suppoit We have to send our kids abroad lo school. As heads of state our entertaining bills have gotten out of hand No leader of a country can afford to live on what the CIA pays him thcsr days, unless his wile has her own charitable foundation ” 

Art 
Buch wold 

Light Side 
I 

“ I a g r e e ,” I said. “ But there seems to he a great deal of resent­ ment am ong American taxpayers when they read that a king or a foreign president or a prime minis­ ter is m aking m ere m oney than they are.” 

“ That is a shortsighted attitude,” the prime minister told me. “ lf the 
I nited States can't pay (oreign of­ ficials a living wage, it’s not going to attract the type of leaders your country wants to do business with I know several outstanding p oliti­ cians who have turned down the highest oilier of their land because they couldn’t aflord to take the job on what the CIA was offering (hem 
D u re losing the best people to 
Northrop. Texaco aud G rum m an 
Aircraft, who don’t care how much they pay lo gel the right man for the joh' 

“ I tend to agree with you that most heads of state are underpaid bv the CIA,” I said. “ But I don I see how you can get a pay raise unless you people come up with a code of eth ics. As it sta n d s now. m ost 
A m erican s b eliev e you foreign lead ers are g e ttin g aw ay with murder.” 

“That s the fault oi the American press.” he said bitterly. “ You pay up the few bad apples that get in volved in a scandal and never write about the majority of heads ut state who do their jobs quietly, diligently and without faniare. Most of us are d edicated m en who have m ade great sacrifices lo work for the CIA and all we ask is a decent wage for our services.” 

“ I still believe you won t get the raise unless you initiate a moral code that the American taxpayer can live with.” I told him. “ Vthut do you suggest?" 

“ I think that whey a head ol slate accepts a position with the (IA hr bas to reveal his lull assets. \nd then put them into a blind liu si.” 

“ I ’m that." not sure we want lo do 

W ASHINGTON 
- 
T w o months after his inauguration. 
President ( arter already lias reached the first d e c isiv e turning point of Ins administra­ tion. 

His several overtures toward re s u r­ recting A m e ric a 's old im age as the cham pion of freedom, according to in­ telligence reports, have stirred a pro­ found response among peoples around the gloln*. hut also a backlash of alarm from g o v ern m en ts, friendly and un­ friendly. 
Stung by C a rte r’s repeated condem ­ nations of to rtu re dungeons and con­ centration cam p s. B ra u la w arns that detente and d is a rm a m e n t will be en­ dangered if he k e e p s it up U ruguay and A rgentina have canceled A m eri­ can aid p rogram s Idi Amin created a teapot tem pest i i i Uganda. Brazil has w ithdraw n from a long-standing m u ­ tu a l s e c u r ity a r r a n g e m e n t . M any m em b ers of our diplomatic corps are pro testin g privately that m o ral pos­ turing does not m ake gotnl foreign p o ­ licy . 
The resulting confrontation between idealism and prag m atism may give us the m easure of Jim m y ( a rte r sooner than expected Is he a novice who bus rushed into a diplom atic m are s nest from which lie will retreat lamely as protests mount i i i the chancelleries of the world? Is he a quixotic exhorter of m o ra l n o s t r u m s in w h ic h lie w ill persevere w hether or not they square with reality ? Or is lo* perch an ce un unexpected statesm an who recognizes the hidden power of moral font* and who rig h tly g a u g e s th e d e p th and breadth of the hum an yearning lie has touched? 

One clue tu tile answ er may In* fuund 

 ii i ( a lt e r s inform ed interest iii the 
Soviet dissidents Ills welcoming to the 
White House of V lad im ir Bukovsky the hero ic v e te ra n of Soviet insane a sy lu m s for the sane. was clearly a stu d ied re b u k e to th e policy id his p re d e c e sso r tow ard A lek san dr Solz­ henitsyn The Ford adm inistration, to its grief largely ignored the dissi­ dent;. .Jimmy t a rte r has recognized 
I Item au d th e h u m a n s u r g e they represent 
A second clue is ills repudiation ol 
Henry K issin g er’s see-n o -e\ii policy, which refused to recognize the prolan* 

Jack 
Anderson 

Washington 

C 

 m g of h u m a n d ig n ity all o v e r th e world ( arter has a sense of the sham e to which millions of A m ericans have been reduced ivy a national policy that sought to compete on even term s i i i the squ alid g am e of lies, a s s a s s i n a t i o n s and bribes. 
At the sam e time, lie has carefully distinguished his cham pionship of dis­ sidence from 
Blat of John 
Foster 
Dulles who, in the 195os, encouraged tin* fires of revolution by offering hope of A merican intervention Then, when those fires ignited in eastern Europe, 
Ile I lucked off 
( arter lias disclaim ed from Hie start any thought of brinkm anship, any no­ tion of military intervention lh oilers only tile steady pressure that builds up from the constant reiteratio n of the truth Dictators fear tins 
( arter, of course, is beset with the dilem m as posed by the need for Von* si sto n ey in an in c o n g r u o u s w orld 
Some of our p rincipal allies are d e ­ spotism s, such as Iran and S*»uth Kor­ ea; and so he rows with muffled oars around their abominations 
He avoids decisions as to how long we shall go on giving th** Kremlin m a ­ terial aal along with m oral strictures 
Ii** edges toward the normalization of relatio n s with cu b an P r e m ie r Fidel 
( astro, but does not know how to re ­ concile this with the g rim reality that t uba is Hie most com plete tyranny’ in tin* w estern h e m is p h e re , a * - runny that ( astro is now exporting to Africa. 

And su P re s id e n t t a i l e r will lie c o n s ta n tly in d a n g e r of r u n n in g agrou nd on th** shoals of hypocrisy 
U rines w lio deplore his jeopardizing supposedly tangible in terests for lh** sake of such nebulous tilings us rights and freedom will m ake Hie most **l tin* traps Unit inconsistency sets 
He m u s t e x p e c t to e n c o u n te r trum ped-up crises ami dire lorebod- luga front sensitive governm ents that 

 equate any public discussion of their t arnal houses with a return to th** < old 
War 
(Triunity lie will have to m aneuver delicately and som etim es aw kwardly among these obstacles Ile will have I*» curry w ater on both sh ou lders for a time as Ii** works toward th** lights 
'Plus ii i itself will not discredit his policy. T he critical Hung lo watch is whether the President resolves the in- consistency problem in Hi** direction of applying an ever-widening insistence on basic freedom am ong allies and adversaries alike as th** price of U.S. cooperation — or iii the direction of gradually surren derin g all such ti sis to th** fancied expediency of tin* m o­ ment. 
The arg um ent Indore us is al least old iii A m erica as the Liucolii-Douglus debutes of 1858. Stephen Douglas pro­ posed that th** divisive question of slavery be defused by letting each ju r ­ isdiction decide tor itself w h eth er it would be slav** or free. with everyone else a b id in g bv th** d e c is io n , th u s stopping the agitation ami getting on w itll the so-* ailed real business of the country 

Douglas had the -am** at diluents g o in g for him th at th** dim t rock-lhe-bout school has today, 
Ills vvas th** way to com m erce, trade, progress, m utual cooperation and the lessening of tension Even Hie slaves 
W ould In* better oil not being agitated by false expe* tat ions, he suggested 
But Blere was one thing wrong with this solution, responded Abraham Lin­ coln. It re q u ire d us ti did n’t cure about th** 
MI ST care about ti v w orthy of fre e d o m ai maintaining it th** et* fellow men. 
Jim m y < art**! 
\v** think, H o r n e t the w i i k I ot the 
* an Imi |M-uccuht em barked i i i an pretentious way thai may fail ai without public s 
But lf tic v an liegun. lf he eau ut) knot of im oiisistem 
.Itta inst Hi** return * he can make Amor it one** w us w it Ii th* 

 act us if we me th in g we 
* w ere to he 
I c a p a b le oi 
Ult ion of our 

 reel 

 w o rld , y enco out w on upon a id Hull < apport stay Hi* la vt 

 rightly tut g o in g iii n e ttlin g th a t 
J rage* 

 urn 

. II** has sii.il. un­ derprise succeed 

>e he has 
Gordian rsev e m s 
"u hs, ’ if 

 lours that ie im* rty ti nous noms as e of freedom, hied in honor o r 

 z 

UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE PRESENTS 

WE GUARANTEE THE LOWEST DISCOUNT 
PRICES AVAILABLE ANYW HERE AT I L I 
OUR REGULAR PR IC ES....................Pi 

; U l r 
NOW! 
FOR I WEEK ONLY 
TAKE A N ADDITIONAL 

I r 

 tL,_ Le r 
I 

'M V , " 

ON EVERY PIECE OF FURNITURE 
IN OUR WAREHOUSES 

» 
» 

>K 

UNITED DISCOUNT 
FURNITURE GUARANTEE 

I 
< ii • 

INSTANT 
CREDIT 
AVAILABLE 
A U YO U NEED IS O NE OF 
THE FO LLO W ING CARDS. . 
• MASTERCHARGE 
• 3 AMK AMERIO ARD 
TO 
• DINERS CLUB OR 
A M . EXPRESS 
• I 8 OR OVER 
• EMPLOYED 
• VALID DRIVERS LICENSE 
• HAVE LISTED PHONE 
ALSO: 
IF 
YO U 
N IE D 
A 
LOT 
OF 
FURNITURE 
W I 
C A N 
A R R A N G E 
F IN A N C IN G IN A N Y A M O U N T W IT H 
A P P R O V ED CREDIT. (N O CREDIT C A R D 
REQUIRED) 
_______ 

THIS SALE INCLUDES EVERY PIECE OF FURNITURE IN OUR WAREHOUSES 
EXCEPT SOME ITEMS ALREADY DISCOUNTED MORE THAN 1 o % AS RECENTLY ADVERTISED. 
CHOOSE FROM 1oo’S OF LIVING/DINING/BEDROOM, AND DEN 
GROUPS FROM SUCH FAMOUS MANUFACTURERS AS: • BASSETT 
• DESOTO 
•BROYHILL 
• AMERICAN DREW 
• WALDRON 
• SINGER •CALIFORNIA 
STYLES 
•COLONY 
•FORREST 
• SHASTID • FURNITURE DESIGNS 
• BERNHARDT • WESTWOOD 
• STANDARD 
• STONEVILLE 
• EFI 
• SUPERIOR 
• DAGLE 
• CHAIRMAKERS 
• CRIDDLE 
•WOODWARD 
• IMPERIAL 
• KINDER. 
• WATERS 
»S-K 
• BARKEL 
• STYLELINE 
• HOOKER 
• NULL 
• HIBRITON 
• VAUGHAN-BASSETT 
• CRESTLINE 
• HENRY LINK 
•DIXIE * and others... 
75o 

A U 
M ERCH A N D ISE 
SUBJECT 
TO 
P R IO R 
SALE. A U SOLD O N A IS T C O M E — 
I ST 
SERVE BASIS. W E RESERVE THE R IG H T TO 
LIM IT QU ANTITIES O N A U M ER C H D N ISE . 
SO M E M ER C H A N D ISE M A Y N O T BE E X - 
A C H Y 
A S S H O W N . 
N O T 
R ESPO N SIBLE 
FOR T Y P O G R A P H IC A L E R RO R S THAT M A Y 
A P P E A R IN THIS AD. 
____ 
DOUBLE DISCOUNT PRICES 
O N IN STOCK M ERCH ANDISE O NLY 

SPECIAL OPEN HOURS 
FOR DOUBLE DISCOUNT 
M O N D A Y — IO A .M . TIL 9 P.M . 
T U E SD A Y — IO A .M . TIL 9 P.M . 
T H U R S D A Y — IO A .M . TIL 9 P .M . 
S A T U R D A Y — IO A .M . TIL 2 P .M . 
WARNING: O U R EXCLU SIVE d o u b l e 
DISCOUNT 
B A R G A IN S 
USUALLY 
PULL 
CUSTOMERS FRO M ALL O V ER SOUTH TEXAS. 
SO YO U ARE FO REW A RN ED TO SHO P EARLY 
FOR THE BEST SELECTION. 
NOTICE TO DEALERS: d e a le r s c a n b u y 
BUT YO U R PRICE W ILL BE THE SA M E A$ THE 
PUBLIC. 

UNITED DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

“ GUARANTIED LOWEST DISCOUNT PRICES ON NEW FURNITURE 

4+1 I A A B A R R A D 
4 BLoCKS tA5T of BROADWAY 
4+1 IU4 LAM AK- ON 9TH STREET JUST PAST IM 37 
# 2 1o41o PERRIN-BEITEL 

2 HUGE 
WAREHOUSES 

LOW OVERHEAD 
SAVES YOU 
MONEY 

I MHE NORTH 
Of LOOF 41o 

OPEN 
TUES. IO ’TIL 9 
TO THE 
THURS. I O ’TIL 9 
PUBLIC 
SAT. I O 'TIL 2 

CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC AU OTHER 
DAYS EXCEPT TOR SPECIAL OPENINGS 
WHEN ADVERTISED 
UNITED FREIGHT SALES • 
G R O C E R Y , C LO T H IN G 
A N D D A M A G E D FREIGHT B A R G A IN S 
DOUBLE DISCOUNT IN EFFECT THROUGH 
SAT. APRIL 2ND AT 2 P.M.— OR WHILE SUPPLIES LAST 
1st CO M E— 1st SERVED 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 
Remember . . . Easter Sunday is April 1oth. 

Page 
I -J 

YOUR WARDROBE NEEDS AN EMERGENCY LIFT? LET YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT COME TO THE RESCUE 

 iwEYffn 
I 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at Walzem Road 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

Save 4.1 

Step into spring with our exciting collection of junior size dresses 

2o% savings. 

Select group of 

 misses slacks 

Select group of girls and junior teen dresses 
"72o 
$ “| 

TO 

Regular $9-$2o 

Everything nice (savings included). 
Choose from our wide selection of popular styles on the newest spring prints & shades. Assorted patterns and sizes. Girls 7-14, Juniors 3-13. 

GIRLSWEAR DEPARTMENT 

Girls 2-6X short and long dresses 

TO 

REGULAR $9 $ 16 

Great fitting polyester knit pants. 
With pull-on, elastic waist styling. 
Many with stay-neat stitched front creases. Choose from the latest fashion colors. Misses sizes 8-18. 
Hurry today while best selection 

Juniors, our soft, easy-care poly­ ester knit fashions let you breeze though summer settings. 
From tailored to casual to date-time, you’ll love these neat and nifty now-looks in your favorite colors and patterns. Collect a fabulous wardrobe and save with our fan­ tastic low prices. Sizes 3-15. 

2 o % off 

REGULAR $13-$2o 

Knits! 
Wovens! 
Patterns! 
Story hook fashions with all the charming frills imaginable. 
Rich ruffles, puff sleeves, lacy trims, more! All the machine- wash fabrics moms love, many no-iron needed. 
Long and short styles. Girls sizes 2-6X. 

CH1LDRENSWEAR DEPT. 
SPORTSWEAR DEPARTMENT 

REGULARLY $17 

SIMILAR TO 
STYLES SHOWN 

YOUR WARDS 
ACCOUNT COME TO THE RESCUE 

Here’s to your looking great! Hi®YTil 

Remember. . . 
Easter 
Sunday is 

April 1oth 

Save 5.12 
Men’s great looking moc-toe oxford 
1888 

REGULAR $24 

Handsome and long-wearing with 
Goodyear welt. M an-made sole, rubber heel. 

 ave $31 
KH rn rn 
Elegant new vested suits. 
Dacron® polyester/wool 
* in plaids or stripes. 

Regularly $1 IO 

Updated classics that exude success are deftly shaped for today s action silhouette. Accented with peak or wide notch lapels. All in a luxurious, dur­ able blend of wrinkle-shy Dacron3^ polyester and. wool. Discreet plaids and stripes are rendered in* soft, chalky blues or browns. Regs., longs 38-44. 

Boldly spoken prints. 
The fashion look of today in boys’ shirts. 

Regularly 6.99 

First edition fashion news. Easy- care polyester has a soft-as-silk touch. The slim, svelte look of ex­ citing Kuropean-influence knits is of nylon/acetate or polyester. 
Spirited theme prints, dashing designer patterns. No-iron. Boys’ 
1o-2o. 

Save 1/2 

17-2o off 

SHUSS 2 DAY SALE 

Boys’ reversible vest 

 suits. Something 

 special, gift-priced. 

Regularly 24.99 

3-piece suit looks great. Handsome jacket, flare pants, plus fashion s important vest in matching solids or coordinating plaids. Tex- turized polyester doubleknit in popular col­ ors. No ironing needed. 8-12. 
Sizes 14-2o, regularly 29.99 
. . . 24.88 

• Kashion-detail placket sleeves 
• 2-button adjustable cuffs 
• Single-needle shoulder construction 
Choose knit or woven shirts of comfortable cotton and easy-care polyester. Moderately laj>ercd lo give a smooth fit. In cool pastel tones. At Wards in 14'.*-17. 

Natural Blend** men’s dress shirts are mostly cotton. 

REGULAR $1o 

Shop at home. 

Call 654-2373 today. 

GET A FREE 
ESTIM ATE ON WARDS 
CUSTOM SERVICES. 

• C om plete window treat­ ment: draperies, valances, cheers, shades, blinds 
• Woven woods • Slipcovers 
• Upholstery 
• Bedspreads 

FREE .. 

 sheers, lining or hardware 

 when you buy custom 
*es from Wards. 

% 

Your choice of lovely sheer curtains, protective lining or all the hardware (traverse rods, brack­ ets, etc.) needed— FREE! Our decorator will bring swatches to your home. Choose from over 
15oo color and fabric combinations. We ll take exact measurements, give a free estim ate— no obligation. Drapery fabrics, top treatm ents, 
4 labor and installation are at regular prices. 

Sale ends Month OO, 1977 

FREE... 

Sheers or lining with purchase of made-to-measure drapes from W ards. 

Bring your window measure­ ments. Choose from more than 3oo color and fabric combinations. 
Fan-folded and tailored with 
4-in. weighted bottom hems. 
Lined, unlined or extra full, if desired. Free sheers from group D; Free lining from group D, FL F. 

Made-to-measure 

 rugs in many sizes, styles and colors. 

V ISIT W ARDS REM N A N T 
ROOM FO R BIG SA V IN G S 

ON C A R P E T 

We know' that these days you're thinking of your budget like never before. And demanding more value for your money. So we're offering this fantastic selection of room-si/.e rugs at valuable savings— in many styles, fibers and colors. They're ready to go, today! 

[Jig fluffy fun towels for beach and poolside. 
Catalog overstock bedspread assortm ent. 

639 t o 7 
Reg. 
7.99-8.99 

 rge assortment of styles — all ton loops for high absorbency, usual patterns woven in rich, i-bright tones. Hemmed ends; 
:64 in. 
Similar to illustration. 

747 29 to 

Regularly 14.99-59.99 

• All sizes in stock; king, queen, lull, twin, bunk 
• Quilted, print, velvet, woven or chenille 
• Colors galore* to suit your taste and decor 
• Most machine wash 'n’ dry, need no ironing 

Phone for a free estimate. 

WONDERLAND 
654-2372 

MCCRELESS 
654-2572 

WINDSOR PARK W 
654-2272 

VV ARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN HELP INCREASE YOUR FAMILY’S BUYING POWER. WHY NOT COME APPLY FOR AN ACCOUNT? 
I 
Sensible prices? Sure thing! fvETrlH 

25%-5o% off room-size 

 on 5o sq.yd. sculptured saxony “ Rhapsody. 

Looking for a carpet both beautiful and practical? Come see our lush saxony plush "Rhapsody/ It s easy-care, it s long-wear in rugged new Dacron' Super-Bright poly­ ester pile. We even heat-set the fiber for extra texture re­ tention. Colors? Absolutely stunning in your choice of IO lustrous solid decorator tones............................. Reg. 11.99 

$1oo-$2oo off 5o sq.yd. on 11 more styles, 
94 colors. Here are just a few. 

Save $1oo on “ Forest Grove*’ with cushiony foam backing. 
What value! Rugged level-loop styling is handsomely textured for extra good looks. Durable nylon pile is anti-static to reduce shock. 
And built-in foam back allows you to install carpet yourself, save! 

 square 

99 

Reg. 7.99 sq.yd. 

Save $1oo on multi-level loop. 
Softly-blended colors accent p q q nylon-pile "Nyalle.” Reg. 8.99 
| 3 .qyd. 

Save $15o on “ Mellow M agic.’’ 
Multi-level tip-sheared nylon 
V J »q y< pile. Light/dark hues. Reg. 9.99 
Save $1oo on foam-back “ Fernley. 
Richly sculptured nylon shag. 
* 7 9 9 
7 multi-colors 
Reg. 9.99 
# *q yd. 

 f Y I 'W l l O n Soften every step. Use our 
Tjvt 
? Quinton carpet cushion. 

Save $1oo on posh saxony plush. 
Dacron heat-set polyester pile. 
Q q q 
13 colors. "Calais.” Reg. 1o.99 
Q " d 

Save *2oo on our best saxony. 
Ban-Lon^-approved quality. 12" yd. 
' Tahoe” in IO colors. Reg. 16.99 

Not sure how to do it? 

Let Wards install it 

 at our famous low prices. 

Call ut today for frrr al homr estimate on carpet and installation 

2 DAY SALE 

Save $2o 

Elegant contemporary styled tables. 

Warm, pecan-toned fin- ish on sturdy wood pro- 7 ducts. Smoke class tops, 
. 
Reg. 99.99, each. 

Colorful colonial swivel rockers. 
Pine-finished hardwood ac- cents pretty cotton print. 
Why not buy a pair? 
69 
Each, reg. 89.99 

*5o off. 
Elegant traditional queen-size sleeper. 
Nylon upholstery treated with Scotchgard.* 4" thick urethane foam mattress. 

Regularly 349.99 
299 
88 

The Sculptured Look in dining ... save *17o now. 

\ A A - __ 
O s. 
F 

 vt\ 
Ar iii 

WI 

3-PC. WALN U T-LOOK DINETTE 
24x36" plastic lam inate top. Bronze-toned frames, 
^ floral vinyl upholstery. 

Regularly 49.98 

5-pc. Contemporary dining room. 
A vision? ... No, its for real. Enhance your dwelling with this handsomely designed dining room suite creat­ ed just for you. Unusual ... individuality exacted by the lovely framed top with its rounded edges resting on an island base. Sculptured solid pine plaques and pecky pecan veners are just another outstanding feature to capture the love of even the most hard to please. Give yourself a tantalizing gift... you’re worth it! 
Reg. 61o.oo, matching china ........................................$5oo 
Reg. 125.oo, arm chair 
................................................ 99.88 

Table, 4 chairs 
Regular 689.99 

Save $4o 

Enjoy super-firm comfort with Air Glide bedding. 

88 

Regularly 1o9.95 

Twin size bedding. Heavy-gauge inner­ spring or a resilient polyurethane foam mattress. Or, choose matching foundation. 

129.95, M M m mattreM or foundation 
........... 89.88 
319.95, queen-itM Mi 
...................................239.88 
419.95, king-size sci 
............................................ 319.88 

69 

Save $2o 

Contemporary sofa in soft, patchwork vinyl 
88 

Individually sewn patches on seats back and inside arms create shaded leather look patchwork. Rich but­ ton tufting. Correlating solid vinyl that wipes clean with damp cloth completes the look. 

299.99, matching loveseat ..................................... 249.88 
179.99, matching chair 
.............................................129.88 299 
SO FA 

Regularly 379.99 

WHY PASS UP A GOOD BUY WHEN YOU CAN ADD IT TO YOUR WARDS CHARGE-ALL ACCOUNT? NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED 
Out to save? Wfe make it easy 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

) on our popular aluminum ion bi 

 holds up to $2oo in layaway till May. 
$1o holds selection over $2oo 

Lightweight boat helps you land the big ones 
ZEBCO* ROD- 
REEL COMBO 
S p in -c a s t reel ^ with mono line K teamed with 2- pc., 5-ti. rod. 

Has 44-in. beam, 13'2-in. depth with a 4(X)-lb load capacity. 
Olive drab interior and exterior. 
R ated for a 5-hp motor. Oars extra. 

249.99 35o-lb. trailer, now only 
...........................229.88 

Save $5o on 7 Vi hp out­ board motor. Reg. 249.oo $199 

Oars, reg. low price 11.49 

Daiwa^ lightweight fiberglass spinning rod 
2 - p i e c e , 5 - f t 9 A 8 8 i’od h a s cork grips. 4 g u id e s Reg 31 9 9 plus tiptop. 

Daiwa high-speed light spinning reel 
Mens 27-in 

For tight salt­ water or fresh waler spinning. 
Fast retrieve. 

The official bicycle of the 1976 Olympic 
Games. Has white frame, tan tape and saddle. 
1o-speed 
Shim ano" positron derailleur with stem shilt. Front, rear centerpull brakes with safety levers. 

64.99 Boys or girls 2o-in. hi-rise 
54.99 

Big Plano* tackle box keeps lures watertight 

Hip -roof box. 
Qtj lh compartments / 
I in nix moisture- D 
o _ proof ABS trays R e* ‘ 27 99 

C rockery liner. 
SAVE $12 

STEEL CABINET 
FOR STORAGE f 
Worn fakir •*'* 

’ ‘ ♦ ♦ ♦ H i : +++<. 
-4 
* 
# * o o # ♦ * * ■ * J . 

I f * ♦ i i i - * * * 

* « . i md ) * * * 
REGULARLY 46.99 
Save $8 
3 !/2-qt. slow -cooker— removable liner. 
Slow -cooking se als in 
^ flavor. Pot doubles as serv- 
I rn ing dish. Cleans easily. 
R“ u* rly 2S.99 

Durable white enamel finish, chrome-plated ha rd w a re . 5 s h e lf spuces, easy to keep clean. 2ox12x6o H 

A»»em bled except for hdiidlek. 

SAVE >12 
Save $15 
9-pc. cookware set of 3-ply stainless. 

Save $3o 
Floor safe gives theft, fire, impact protection 

STEEL UTILITY 
CABINET 

REGULARLY 61.99 

^ 
24xl2x6o"H storage 
J c ab in et has 5 sh e lf i s p a c e s , 4 s h e lv e s . 
^ 
| | Baked enamel finish in appliance colors. 

I uily at.em bled except for handle*. 

A e 
A 
Reg. 184 99 

UL listed Class 35o /1 hour. Relocking device automatically relocks safe if combination is tampered with. Removable casters for perma­ nent installation. Interior steel shelf. 
159.99 I-cu. ft. safe ....................... 119.99 

A 
Regularly 49.99 

Gleaming stainless steel is triple-layered for even heat. High, deep lids let you en ­ joy wateriest* cooking. Dutch oven lid fits I (Hi'” skillet. 

A utom atic 1o-cup drip coffeernaker. 

One-button control brews rn f \ f l p L coffee in minutes; turns on 
I ^ wanner automatically 
A 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD ALONG— IT’S THE MOST CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 
Value hunters call us home. kuWtliilI 

STEARNS^/W ARDS FOAM LIFE VEST 
USCG a p p ro v e d v e st. m o o 
Keeps wearer afloat indef- 
I initely. Nylon lining, shell. 
A w 
REGULARLY 27.99 

HANDY ZEBCO 6oo REELAND ROD 
2-piece fiber glass rod is m atched with a tough 
Zebco1 6oo reel for power. 
8 8 

REGULARLY 13.49 

7427 

2 o -lb . ra p . dryer 
R eg o o o o o ,o o o o o 
C a * d ry e r $ 4 o m ore. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March ?7 1 9 7 7 
2 DAY SALE I 
Save *4o to *7o! 
Wards heavy duty washers 

6o25 

*5o Off 

Wards plus-capacity, 4-cycle washer. 

Regular, short, soak, pre-wash cycles. 
3 water temp, combos. 
IHK).(K) dryer, (K)O.(K) 
Gas dryer $3o more. 
Regularly 269.95 
*219 

*4o Off 
16-lb. capacity, 6-cycle washer. 

Handles all wash- ables. r> temp, 
3 
_ speed combos. 
2- $ speed motor. ooo.oo 
J dryer, 
ooo.oo 
Gas dryer $3o more. 
Regularly 299.95 

6325 
*6o Off 
2o-lb. capacity, 1o-cycle washer. 

Handles all fabrics, even durable press. 4- way action. r> temp. 
% J combos. 1 1 hp motor. 
Regularly 359.95 

*7o Off 
2o-lb. capacity, 12-cycle washer 

4-speed I temp com- 
4 /"V C Q bos handle all wadi- * 
* 
3 1 9 ables. Variable water 
A levels. 1 1 hp. 
Regularly 389.95 

Nationwide service as near as your phone. 

6225 
Most cook times are cut 75%. 
$13o off 
Microwave oven with variable control. 
29988 

Variable control lets you dial the correct cook­ ing speed for your favorite meals. And, there’s no need to wait for frozen foods—defrost cycle thaws foods in minutes. Oven holds 16 to 2o lb turkey. 35-min. dual-stage timer; cook guide. 
Regularly 
429.95 
$16o off. 
Microwave oven with built-in browner 
32988 
Regular 489.95 

Cuts most cook times by 7 V t. 
Browning elment, gourmet cook control, auto, defrost cycle. 

Ask for a demonstration. 

FAST COOK TIM ES 

 h iah fillet 
8 m in. 

Roast beef, nu si 
»>min /lh 

I K iktsl potaliw - 
I • m m 

WARDS 
CONVENIENT WAY 
MONEY DOWN 

Service? Wfe have experts. pPEJyO 

I WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL WINDSOR PARK MALL LACKLAND PLAZA RANDOLPH PLAZA 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
7569 Highway 9o West 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

Wards deluxe 18-cu.ft. top-mount. 

R efrigerator and L7-cubic loot freezer sectio n s are frost le ss; forget d e fro st­ ing forever. 7-day m eat keeper stores m eat w ithout freezing. 3 can tilevered shelves adjust, Butter door; egg rack, 2 cold controls. On adjustable rollers. 
39988 

R EG U LA R 479.95 

Save ?9o 
Big 15 cu. ft. refrigerator-freezer 

Manual defrost top freez- q o cr, twin crispers, plenty of 
® ® storage on door. mad 

WAS 389.95 

Convertible bed zig-zag machine 

Built-in buttonholer and 
O 
O 
Q 
8 8 blind hemmer. Makes sew- ing cuffs, sleeves easy. 
R egu U r $3o o 

13-INCH DIAGONAL PO R TA B LE TV 
Pushbutton Auto Color tun- | \ / \ / \ o Q ing. AFC captures strong- ^ 
^ 
^ est signal. I \ antennas. 
REGULARLY 359.9s 

 e n IZEN’S BAND TRANSCEIVER 
23-channel mobile radio with RF gain switch, ANL, plug in mike. Mounting kit 

• Television Dept. 
WAS 189.95 
89 

Plastic cabinet. 
SAVE 

•6o 

12337 
SAVE ‘ IOO 

1846 

Add automatic ice maker so you never run out of ice. 
Optional, extra. 

Save 

ROYCE 612 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

Unassembled! mower 

5 

H O LD S YOUR 
PU R C H A SE 
TILL MAY. 
ONLY $1o ON PURCHASE OVER $2oo. 

Model 444o 6o 

Wards best barn building with 8' tall peak height. 
1oo88 18988 
^ 
^ ^ 1 o x 7 ' model 
1 o x 9 'model 
469-cu.ft. 
661-cu.ft. 

Reg. 249.95 
Reg. 279.95 

Embossed galvanized steel construction, polyester enamel finish in red or green. 
56x7o" white-trimmed Dutch barn doors. 

Model 37128 
Save 6.11 on either unit. 

WE SERVICE 
WHAT WE SELL 
Model 37178 

Unassembled; assemble it with a screwdriver. 
Our dependable mowers tackle the toughest mowing jobs. 

o 3y2-hp, 2o” rotary mower. BO 3l/2-hp, 2o” rear-bagger 

Briggs & Stratton en­ gine, auto, choke for reliable performance. 
Grass catcher, 19.99 

Model IHI 

Our Tough Edger/Trim m er 
Trim lawns neatly, quickly. 
4 steel 
^ wheels. 
Dependable 
J 9 J a I 
3-HP Briggs & Strat- 
I ton engine. 
JL 
Mow easily around obstacles. Dependable 
Briggs 
& 
Stratton engine. Catc her inch 

Value. 

4o-Lb. 12-6-6 
FERTILIZER 

Your choice aim* 
WEED EATER * 
EDGER/TRIMMER 
& H5«dawn ii fertilizer ll 

M k 
Regularly 24.99 

S Handsome, walnut-grained steel bookcase. 
Sim ple contemporary styling blends with modern and traditional room settings. 6 shelves adjust at IV ' intervals. 1ox36x6o" high. 

GU Wood-look Mediterranean-style bookcase. 
Adds an elegant touch to any room. Shelves adjust at every I V interval. Handsomely finished in walnut tone. 24x1ox65" high. 

WARDS PRICE 
SAVE 2.11 
^ 
5o REINFORCED VINYL HOSE 
Lightweight, durable with 
Q Q inside diam., full-fiow U O O solid brass couplings. 

R EG U LA RLY 7.99 

Fast-acting formula helps green up lawns, trees, gardens. Covers 
’>ooo sip ft. 
With iron and sulfur 4.88 

You can trim, edge or mow without using blades. 4-amp perma­ nent magnet electric motor. Heavy-duty. 

-4 mb fur UUP 

*15o-*17o off. 
Wards 23,ooo-BTU central air conditioning 

Bulb* extra 

Remember that hot, sticky summer weather? Think ahead and save now on Wards ”7oo” central air systems. 
Plus features include extra start power, built-in filter drier, more. 

3o.ooo BTU unit, reg. $649 . .. $479 
36.ooo BTU unit, reg. $7o9 . . . $559 
Save $3-$4 
W ards exterior or interior latex paint 

Your 
^ 9 

 c h o ic e 
GALLON 
REGULAR I J.99-12.99 

(A) 1oo-COLOR “ SILICONE ACRYLIC’ 

[’aiming? Try Wards quality exterior latex. Covers in I coat. Mildew resistant. 
Easy cleanup. PX) beaut ilul coloni. 

Expert 

 installation available at W ards. 
Phone for free estim ates: 
McCreless 
W indsor Park 
W onderland 

654-2581 
654-2281 
654-2381 
2-lt. crystal pendant or lovely 5-lt. chandelier 

Call for a free home ettim ate 
WONDERLAND 
654 2374 
MCCRELESS 
654-2574 

WINDSOR PARK 
654 2274 

Your 
JT /JL choice 
Ja r f 
JE 

REGULARLY 36.99-39.99 

(A) MODERN 2-LT. CHAN DEL1ER 

A beautiful accent for any room. Polished brass finish, hand-cut star pattern on beveled, arched glass panels. 5 V wide, 
12” H. Extends to 42”, 

C all for free estimate*: 
WONDERLAND 
6 S 42374 
M d Kl LESS 
6S4-2574 
WINDSOR PARK 
654 2274 

(B) lOO-COLOR “ LIFE” 

Wards quality indoor latex fiat paint dries in * j hr. Spot-resistant. 8*yr. durability. 
Buy several gallons today. 

Durable Sealdon self-seal roofing. 

Sun activates special ad­ hesives that seal roofing into weuthertight shield 

Wards vinyl siding. 
Our aluminum siding, 

1 5 % .« 

Insulates home against heat or cold. 
Wood grained or smooth tex­ tures. 

Wont 
|>eel or chip. 
Avail, in vertical or horizontal, colors and textures, 

(B) ATTRACTIVE 5-LT. CHANDELIER 

Light up your room with our lovely 5-lt. chandelier. 2o” D fixture has hobnail glass shades. Antique-finished wood column. 
ICH. 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD ALONG—IT’S THE MOST CONVENIEN I WAY TO SHOP A I ANY WARDS STORE 
Value hunters call us home, 

AAOIVTOOAAER 

H Automotive values 

Our finest steel-belted radial whitewalls. 
Comparable savings on singles and pairs 

Specially-designed water-channelling tread for excellent wet-road traction. 
REGULAR 
PRICE 
EACH 

TUBELESS 
WHITEWALL 
SIZE 

B R 78-13t 
175R-13 
$61 

ER 78-14 
185R-14 
$73 
2 steel belts for great mileage poten tial and durability. 
FR 78-14 
195R-14 
$77 

G R78-14 
2o5R -14 
$84 

H R 78-14 
215R-14 
$9o 

G R78-15 
2o5R -15 
$86 
Radial polyester cord body for responsive handling and control. 
H R 78-15 
215R -15 
$91 

LR78-15 
235R-15 
$1oo 
$7o 
3.44 

NO TRAPK-LN NEEDED. ^SINGLE POLYESTER RADIAL PLY 

Grappler Radial II sale priced thru M arch 29 

Discontinued Fiber­ glass belt whitewalls 

B78-13 this. 
W W ; plus 
1.82 f.e.t. each 

• 2nin|{«‘dfiherK la>sli*-lts 
M abili/e the tread and re 
SIM d a m a g e from roud h azards 

• 2 sm ooth-riding pol>es- te r b o d y p lies p ro v id e strength .md long-riding d u ra b ility 

NO TRADE-IN NEEDED 
I 
Free m ou n tin g . 

D istributor 
SAVE *15 

ELECTRONIC 
IGNITION 

D w ell-tach te s te r o r tim ing light. 
Your choice 

T rigger w heel and pick up assem bly 

Ignition coil 

.Auto. trans. only. 
Save $15 
Pacesetter II electronic cruise control. 
Holds your selected high* p . —^ q q way speed. Cuts fatigue, 
’ i unintentional speeding. 
9 

Low -cost installation. 
Regularly 94.99 

<■. rn 
Regularly 16.99 

I 2v lig h t o p e ra te s oil car battery. Burn­ o u t-p r o o f ci ret! it. 
Hand-held dwell tach quickly adjusts rpm. 

J REGULARLY 49.99 

Improves performance 
'X\^P end reduces pollution. 
Practically ends tune 

D istributor ups. For most US cars and select VW models. 
Solid-state r id lr.nu. < n n il«>_l 

L ow -cost installation. 
Fit m ost US cars. 
Value 
Dave now 

Our 1oW3o all-season detergent m otor oil. 
Helps protect — your engine at C O f nigh and low v /fc i temperatures. 
Reg. low 

Installed Free 

Smooth out the road with our Easy Streets 
Oversized 
C 9 £% piston with 3* 
I stage valving 
* J r for durability. Reg* 25.99 

Save gas with W ards ignition tune-up kit. 
Quality parts. 
O 3 3 
Points, rotor and condenser. o 

Our popular replacement: Get Away 36. 
Up to 3oo cold-cranking s q q am ps for fast s ta rts in 
J engines to 3oo cu. in 
***?*■ 
Regularly 31.95 
Auto. Service Dept. Specials — Monday thru W ednesday 

W heel alignment. 

For moil 
o88 
US tars. 
L .b o , only. 
R tG M „ 

VNV check. correct cumber, caster and tm- Then check front end. brakes, shocks and entire exhaust system. mm . mum} 
V" .................p1 jig;J ! " i'll. ■>!./ 

Ride cool. 
TUNE UP YOUR 
AIR CONDITIONER 
I ('lf work better. *%uu 
We check hoses and 
o ® belts. 
_ _ _ 
REG. 9.95 
Part* & Freon Extra 

Bad s? 
WARDS EXPERT * 
DRUM BRAKE JOB 

8 8 
Install shoes, rebuild cylinders, turn 4 drums 
69 
LABOR 
1NCL. 

Value 
Electronic wheel balance, rotation 
New computerized sys- ilance wheel JC i i 
^dynamically and sta- ▼ I tem, baht nee w heel ^ 

UcaUy tor most cars. 

WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT PLAN IS THE CONVENIENT WAY TO PAY FOR ALL YOUR AUTO NEEDS— USE IT OFTEN 
Need an expert? See one of ours. fWiVrTil 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at Walzem Road * 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 
7569 Highway 9o West 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open 8 A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 2 7 19 7 7 
Page 
IJK 
Oaken Splendor brings out the best in country styling 

■■■ ?¥•• ■ ¥/ ' ,■ i 
I :J 
*''** •* 
• XWBkT., 
Ss iii - 
J 
'* ' * 
' >| 
, 

*, 

 j n p j £ \ 
P S F 
S ir * 

Regular $999.95 
88 
699 

SAVE *3oo 
Master bedroom suite 

• 7o-in. triple dn*^er 
• Plate g l a s s drek m irror 
• 5-drawer chest vV • I iiil-«| 114*4-11 headboard 

$189.95 King -oe head­ board ...................... I 59.HR 
Night stand ................ 
I3o.o 5 

■ 

 bedroom or dining room suites 

Make a strong decorating statement throughout the house. \\ itll oak and rich!) grained oak veneers. 
Dressed up with ra r\e d flower detailing. \n d pol­ ished off with handsome hrass-plated hardware. 
Both suites are beautiful buys. Hurry in today and see for yourself! 

R e g u la r $ 1 ,o o o 

88 

*4# 

You ti (md an*, label on all Sears carpets with full descriptive information See our many tine values and check this label now.! 

2 arm 

 elmir* uImi ineluded 

799 

SAVE *2oo 
Dining room suit** 

• 66-in. trestle table open* to 
8 I in. w itll leaf 
• I ladderhaek. upholstered 
»ide and 2 arm chairs 

$>75o MntrhinK Mein, buffet und lighted hutch. 75*19.88 

Prices (rood thru April 2 nd 

 ll- 

S A V E $ I to * 4 on 
Shag or Plush 
Carpets 

SHAGGY 
SHAG nylon pile carpet in 7 multi-tones 

A rtistry II is a dense and heavy carpet with li\e l\ tone-on-tone colorations. 5 arris are twisted and heat-set to help retain its fabulous texture and stubborn m q q resiliency. 
A x 
7 
R e g u la r 7 8 .9 9 
4 *<!• V tl. 

RICH 
PLUSH 

 ii\ Ion pile carpel in lo vivid lutes 

L u stre II i- a bish and closely tu ft­ ed carpet with -iilk-iii softness aud h om ier-hack toughness. 
Choose from l a magnificent colors, all de­ signed to Ii\ <*ii your 

 room setting. 
o 9 9 

Regular $ 1(1.99 
( j Mb >d. 

L u stre III, thicker, deeper even more luxurious than Lustre ll. 
I O ” 

AfV-Af-s 
A* 
*■ m ** r s. 
— v 
4 ATU **■■* >• *. <* ** *. *- *■ 
« 
* r:y 
•V. e Jr * A ••• x- A 4> 

'A <h mi 

& 

HEV®! 

 r\ 

 w 

Pelil Plume damask draperies anti spreads 
13-2o% OFF l l 88 

D r a p e r ie s conte in 12 col­ ors. O f cotton and polyes­ ter. Machine-wash, tum ble dry. Acrylic foam bark. 

 fir. 
Regular *15.99 
5ox8 I in. 

K- 

Si/e lh gul «r Price s\l I J 
*s»rr 
|h* gill »r Price 
- VI I 
5o*o3 in. 
$ 1 3 .9 9 i|o.KH' 75 x81 In I 7 2 8.9o 
23. HH 
75xo3 in. 
721.M I j22.8H 1oox81 in. 
$3<>.*»9 
3 I .HH 
I<1o*o3 in. 
7 3 1 .‘Pf j2H.fMt[ 125x81 i ii.j 
7Di.'P» 
M 
5o*81 in. 
7 1 5 .9 9 
(I I. RH I 15ox81 in. 
7 5 1.9o 
• 1 1111 

Special order size* 

B ed sp re ad s, of cotton and polyester, Iii 7 coordinat­ ing colors. 'Throw-style. 

$46.99 Vueen...38.88 

 also 
O I I H iale 
28 88 
I nil 
Regular 7.15.9o 

753.99 King... 12.88 

.‘I 

SAVE on Decorative traverse roils 

Regency, sturdy steel rods in three finishes. 
$13.99 rod fits 3o to 52-in....................................... 11 .HH 
$23.99 rod fits 52 to 9o in........................................ 19.88 
$31.99 rod fits 82 to 15o in....................................... 27.88 

Prices (mod thru \prd 2nd 

Y> 

 v '3 

Kegulur 71 1.99 

We make houseealls 

SAVE *5o on Sears 
Dial-a-stitch free- arm sewing head 
*219 
Regular *269 

 f.Ollie lo Scuts »r cull lo see our cnr|»cl sample* 

I to* nm* ii Plu/u 
Military Drive 

< « * t i I r i l l Park 

228-1137 
228-5o37 
228-5137 

Prices Good thru April 2nd 

SAY E $4o oil Kenmore free- arm convertible sewing head 

R e g u la r $ 1 9 9 
*159 
Diul the stitch you want with one easy-to- ad ju st knoll. B uilt-in buttonholer. Use 
“ frce-arm" for cuffs, hems, sleeves. 
Sears 
Where America shops 

St AHS, HOI IU ( H VMM O 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Bach 

Twelve dial-to-sew' stitches . . . straight, zig zag, blind hem, mending, box and shell utility stitches, plus straight, serg­ ing, elastic, smocking, rick rack and over­ cast stretch stitches. 

LB LF St VV i v ; INS TBI P H O N S w ii ti ill IV K enm ore sewing m achine 

 about Sear*, credit plan 

 lint* Mow n Plu/u M ore 
Soledad al Navarro 
Mon. and Thor*. 9 j3o -9 

A ll other da>* 9:3o-o 

Mililarv Drive More al Pleasanton ltd. 
Mon. thru Sal. 
9:3o-9 

Sew ing M achine Prices L o u d thru Vpril 2. 

 t cn I rill Park 'I n n s .iii Pedro ill t oo|i I IO 

Moil. I Ii rn Sat. 

9:3o-9 

Limited warranty 
Sears paints, when applied according to directions, will cover any color with one coal (except rough or textured surfaces) where indicated by checkm ark in the chart and have the qualities indicated for the years show" in the chart, or contact Sears and you get necessary additional paint or your money back 

This warranty does not include labor or cost of labor for ihe application of any paint 

Sears 

 f*.tnl X<>. 
I 
C M I lit ain rem oval 
-p u t rrM ftant it, r . b tl.,. 
‘H o u ri" 
✓ 
8 > r» . 
8 r n . 
8 m 
. 

X 

■* ar 

H ' - *• 
7 8 o o 5 
✓ 
6 y r . . 
A y r * . 
6 y r* . 
6 ) r» . 
6 y r* . 

P .int Xu, 
I C it! 
W e ttab le 
Nu I hulk 
X lit.la f 
V o l 
V . l l u . l n , b l . in 
H c ik t.n l 

3 S 6 o 5 
5 yrs. 
5 yr*. 
S > rs . 
5 yr*. 

Sale prices thru Sal., Apr. 2 

 s2 to *6 OFF 
Heavy-duty steel shelving 

W a l n u t - c o l o r at e e l shelving. 
Contempo­ rar y style, yet bu ilt for h e a v y - d u t y nae*. 
Shelve* u d j u . t every 
I Va in. Measure* 48x24 xiii in. UnaMenibled. 

$2o.99 72x36xl2-in................................... 16.99 
$26.99 72x36xl6-in................................... 2o.99 
Sale prices thru Sui., Apr. 2 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

SAVE *2. heavyweight shelving 

Steel unit ha* g i r d e r - t y p e 
K shelves that adjust every 11 Is- in. Sway braces for stability. 
^ 7 9 “ 
48\24xlo-in. Unassembled. 

$15.99 72x36x12-in.................................... 13.99 
$19.99 72x36x 18-in.................................... - 16.99 

Save *3. Steel shelving units for home, office 

R e g . $ I 4 .9 9 

 meeting with them, such meetings are long longer ta k i n g place . M ee tings that used to take place in 
W a s h i n g t o n b e h in d closed doors between the 
FCC and a n e tw o rk or th ree netw ork s are s p e ­ cifically prohibited The e ff e c t is felt fi rst a n d 

 f o r e m o s t th e r e . 
T h e networks are not feeling the p r e s s u r e of the g o ­ vernment 
Are the n e tw o r k s r e ­ sponding accordingly, by lessening the pressure on producers like yourself? 
LEAR The pressure on us . . . There was no d e ­ 

 program* containing vio­ lence and sexual subject m a tter between 7 and 9 p m 
Lear, charging that the family hour con­ stituted prior censorship. joined in lawsuits filed by various industry groups and individuals against the n e tw o rk s , the FCC and the National Asso­ ciation of Broadcasters ) 
LEAR 
The effects of th at c o u r t de cis io n . I t h i n k , a r e ve ry long- range First Amendment effects I think the effects are taking place in other offices than production offices. At the networks, w h e r e th e y m i g h t be meeting with the govern­ ment to discuss the con­ tent of programming, w h e r e t h e y had been 

SAVE *3 

Lear 

By EVELYN RESOLD 
NEW SDXY 
An obstreperous bigot, a sanctimon­ ious liberal, a spacy housewife and a sassy black arriviste are among his most beloved characters. 
R a c is m , h o m o s e x u a li­ ty. d rug abuse, abortion a n d i m p o t e n c e a r e am ong the topics he has used to win the affection of TV viewers 
He. of cou rs e, is N or­ m a n L e a r , w id ely a c k ­ nowledged to be the most su c c e s sfu l in d e p e n d e n t p r o d u c e r in te levis ion history. L e a r ’s singular 
TV e m p i r e now e n c o m ­ p a s s e s se v e n so c ially conscious sitcoms — in­ clu ding “ All in the F a ­ m ily ,” “ M a u d e ,” “ The 
J e f f e r s o n * ’’ an d “ S a n ­ ford and Son” — and one socially conscious soap- o p e r a — “ M a r y H a r t ­ man. Mary H artm an.” A new Lear comedy, “ All 
That Glitters,” debuts in 
April 
Born In New Hav en. 
Conn., in 1922, Lear was supporting himself with odd jo b s w h e n , in his rn id-2os, he sold his first comedy routine to Danny 
Thomas. Writing assign­ m e n t s for te le vis ion sh o w s s t a r r i n g M a r tin and Lewis. Martha Raye and George Gobel fol­ lowed Lear then became involved in motion pic ­ tu r e s , p r o d u c i n g and scr ip ti ng such films as 
“ Come Blow Your Horn” and “ T h e Night They 
Raided Minsky's,” 
In 1971. he brought 
“ AU in th e F a m i l y , ” based on a popular HBC series, to the American airwaves. Commissioned and then rejected for its b o l d n e s s by ABC, the series found a home on 
CBS, which was rew ard ­ ed for its foresight when ih e show to p p e d the 
Nielsen ratings. 
L e a r, a lo n g t im e c h a m p i o n of li b e ra l c a u s e s . lives in 
Brentwood , Calif., with his wife Fra nc e s — who runs an executive place­ m en t firm for women and minority group mem bers 
— a n d t h e i r two d a u g h te r s . (He has a n ­ tithet daughter by a pre­ vious mar riage ) When I spoke to Lear recently in his Hollywood offices, hts manner was cool and bu ­ sin e s s l ik e . and he w as e x c e e d i n g l y s e r i o u s about the subject of TV comedy. 

W h a t have been the practical effects of the 
Nov. 3 court ruling which held that the family hour was unconstitutional? 
(T h e fa m il y -h o u r po ­ licy, a g r e e d to by th e three television networks apparently as a resulf of pressure imposed by the 
Federal Communications 
C o m m i s s i o n , b a n n e d 

 doesn’t laugh about TY com edy 

 ferenre in the content of our programming (while the fa m il y hour w as in effect) While there was a family hour and we were providing p ro g r a m m i n g in that climate, we were a r g u i n g m o r e , th e network was taking more of our ti m e and en ergy 

 over m a t t e r s that were small and unnece ss ary. 
But it didn t change the way we w e re m a k i n g programs. We simply re ­ sisted it 
Your opposition to the notion of a family hour is very c l e a r . But w hat about the idea of shield­ 

 ing your children from sex and vio len ce on television? Does the vio­ lence on police shows, for example, concern you? 
LEAR: I think violence concerns me as much, if not more, on the news, at 
7 o’clock and at 6 o’clock. than it does on the police 

 shows I don’t know a lot about police shows. I just simply don t watch that much television because 
I'm working evenings. I saw N B C ’s t h r e e - h o u r production on violence in 
America, which pu rport­ ed to be th r e e hours of intensive research on the 

 subject of violence, and the one thing I derived from it is that violence is a part of our culture and was since its inception. 
The Westerns are based on new Americans killing 
I n d i a n s . And th en one goes back to the lions and the Christians. I f s hard 

 to think that this genera­ tion of Americans, the television generation of 
A m erican s, b egat v io ­ lence. It seem s to have been begat somewhere in biblical times. 
What about censorship 

• Sear* Best acrylic latex paint, soap and water cleanup 
• Covers any color with just one satin finish coat 
• Washable, non-yellowing and stain resistant 
• Mildew-resistant. 

“ M IA M I IT S M A G IC ” is the new theme for Miami, 
Fla , tourivt induitry this season. It s as easy as pulling a rabbit out of a hat to have a great time in the sunny city, according to Jonis Newcomer. 

SAVE s35 on our most 

 on the Weatherbeater with 5-way warranty 

Regular *13.99 

SAYE *2o to *4o on chandeliers with the star-bright sparkle o f crystal glass 

 r * o 9 9 
Regular 8 9 9 .9 9 
O ” 

 a. 
$4o off 
1o-light style. 
Shim m ering crystal glass and antique bronze. 
BD crystal glass prisms, 2 tiers of brouze arms. 
R egular 8 9 9 .9 9 

It. 
$2o off 
6-light stvle. 
Sparkling crystal glass jewels set in an antiqued brass finish frow n. 
Regular 8 6 9 .9 9 

 c. $2o off 4-light swag An* tiqued bronze canopy, arms and bobeches accented bv crystal glass drapes and 
ITT 
/ t o w 
Regular 8 6 9 .9 9 
“r y 

Save *69 on chest-cabinet combination 

Regular $239.98 
169" 

Rugged Craftsman 6* dr. chest and 3-dr. ca­ binet combination. 
$129.99 6-dr. chest separate ......... 99.99 
$ 1o9.99 3-dr. cabi­ net separate .. Bt.99 

*11.99 Easy Living® latex flat 

Easy Living cover* in one coat, is washable, durable. 

* 11.99 Sears Hest semi gloss 

Latex semi gloss covers any color with just one coat, is washable, spot resistant, colorfast. 

7 8 o o 5 

 powerful Craftsman router 

P r l r r , In r f f r r t thru Sal., April 2 

Craftsman 
Weedwacker trimmer 

Reg. $ 3 9 .9 9 
29" 

C r a f ts m a n W e e d ­ wacker trimmer lets you trim and edge y o u r law n w ith o u t b l a d e s ! H a s 25-ft. spool of nylon line. 

\our choice 
99 

 gallon 

Regular *74.99 

SALE 3 9 ^ 

• Electrical 
Department 

Sale prices thru Sat., Apr. 2 

I 7 3 8 

• 1oo°o ball bearing m otor develops m axim um I HP, 
2 5 ,o o o rpm shaft speed 

• Visual depth gauge with zero reset for m aking identical repeat cuts 

Perform dozens of woodwork­ ing jobs with ease! On -off 

 sw itch is mounted in contoured handles for continuous 2-hand control. See-through cliip-de- flector lets you view the w ork­ ing area. And sm ooth-gliding plastic sub-base resists m arring 

 wood. 

Princess and her Prince 

W orld famous puppeteer Bit Baird with the 
Country, Busch G ardens’ European"style 
Princess Gwendolyn, heroine of his latest family entertainment center in Williams- puppet production, 
O nce Upon A Dra- burg, Virginia. Baird has worked with pup- gon, which opens April 2 at the The Old pets most of his life and is recognized as an authority on the subject. 

.San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Sunday March 27 1977 
3-K 
I 
Save HOO on rugged twin-cylinder 
16-HP all-season tractor 
Sears 

Industrial cities may never be the same 

 n e w y o r k Ti m e s SERVICE 
D ETR O IT — “ Fabulous!" he man said. “ It’s ineredi- de.” He had strolled in off he street for his first look at he vast “ atrium,” or lobby, if the new Detroit Plaza no­ el. with its space-age geo- netry and half-acre lake, 
•ozy nooks, potted fig trees md broad expanses of sky- ight. 
The cylindrical, glass-sheathed 
•Maza. w hich, at 73 stories, is tilled as the tallest hotel in the o d d . opened recen tly as the eiilerpiece of Detroit's $337 m il­ lion Ren aissan ce t enter. Som e 
Detroit residents hope that the flittering, other-worldly cluster of skyscrapers will spark the rebirth of their faltering old rough-edged metropolis, transform ing Motor 
City into Renaissance City. 
If Detroiters “ ohh" and “ a ah " over the center's interior, it may­ be because they are not used to such spectacular flashiness in their town of industrial browns and grays. 
Neither are most people iii the rest of the great Industrial Cres­ cent that sweeps around the southern rim of the Great Lakes — a sm oky 
“ A m erican 
R u h r " stretching across parts of eight states, reaching from the fringes of the North Woods to the foot hills of Appalachia, from tin* edge of tin- Northeast to tin* prairies of the 
\\ est. 
Like Detroit, its symbolic capi­ tal. the Industrial Crescent is well into an anxious middle age. brea­ king new social ground in a phase of urban development that is s till years aw ay from the younger booming cities ol the sunbelt 
Unlit oil coal and iron, sinew and 

 muscle, the cities of the crescent have for a century been the m a­ terial fountainheads of an urban industrial society. 
As such. Detroit, Pittsb u rg h , 
Buffalo. Cleveland. M ilw aukee. 
G ary. Iud., and dozens id' other cities like them became strong and prosperous, fabled cities of opportunity for waves of the uns­ k illed from Eu ro p e and ru ra l 
America. 
But now Am erica's golden age of manufacturing — and with it. the golden, expansionist era of the crescent's cities — is over, ac­ cording to those who are I leg in - ning to study this evolving region 

W hile the sunbelt attracts in­ dustry. skills and trained minds from the %X orth. many of tin* me­ tropolitan areas of the crescent — not merely the central cities — are losing population 
M illions of the unskilled and semi-skilled are staying, however. 
The In d u s tria l C rescent is no longer the promised land it once was. so its cities find themselves with too many unskilled workers for the jobs addable, 
Fate 
What will happen to them? W ill they migrate elsewhere? W ill they somehow be absorbed into the m ain stream ? Or w ill they and their children continue to suffer in the decaying neighborhoods of the central cities, venting their frus­ tration — as they have for years — in crime and violence? lin s may be the single most painful problem the In d u strial 
Crescent must grapple with iii the years ahead 
W hatever the outcome of that difficulty, new post-suburban pat­ terns of living seem to In* evolving iii the region Metropolitan areas like Detroit are breaking down into decentralized clu sters, or 

 cells of activity, of which the downtown is only one. 
Today a developm ent Ilk** the 
Renaissance Center must compete with a dozen or so .sm aller v e r­ sions of itself, many of them built around elaborate shopping malls beyond the city limits. And that is where most of the people live. 
In the face of this, the Renais­ sance Center m ight lo* seen not only as a symbol of hope, but also as a target of doubt and skepti­ cism for both D i'tro it and the crescent. 
Starburst 
W ill thi* shops, re stau ra n ts, nightclubs and office towers of the rive rfro n t d evelopm ent re a lly mean a rejuvenation of the city? 
At the other extrem e, w ill the center be the last starburst before a long economic night, a mockery iii a city that the Cassandras have already pronounced dead? Or is it simply a harbinger of a new , more modest, less ragged phase of mass existence in a “ slow-growth” or 
“ no-grow th*’ post indust ria I setting? 
“ This is a new urban frontier.*' says Dr. W ilb u r Thom pson, an urban econom ist at D e tro it's 
Wayne State University, who has studied the phenomenon. “ W e've never been here before.*’ 
Sooner or later, it is believed, the bright new cities of the South aud West, now in their willy-nillv expansionist phase, w ill have to contend with the problems of ag­ ing. too But for now. the Indus­ trial 
Crescent, a gray-haired adult, can only shake its head at the upstart Sunbelt and wonder. 
The Industrial Crescent is still m ighty. D e tro it's m etropolitan area is home to 4 4 million people 
“ twice as many as Houston. M e­ tropolitan Pittsburgh's 2 3 million people far outnumber metropoli­ tan Atlanta's 18 million 

2595 

CLOSEOUT 

Sold in 1976 for $1799.oo. An outstanding sale price for a garden tractor that handles our full range of optional attachments with plenty ol power to mow, cultivate and perform a host ol outdoor tasks. Alternate-firing pistons cut vibra­ tion. 6-speeds forward, 2 reverse. Electric key- start ignition. Mower extra. 
1399 

All attach intents extra 

SA VE $1oo1 
23oH9 
SAVE $1oo 

 iO-HP Lawn Tractor with 
36-in. Mower 

1 o -IIP, 3-speed 

 lawn tractor 

3 sp eed s fo rw a rd . I reverse, 
Auto type steering. Electric key start ignition. Handles range of optional lawn care attachments. 

Rig. S H O 
*749 
‘699 lif e. *7'*** 

H andle* o ptional law n care attachment*. Include* 
36-in. mower deck. 
2**755 

Save *3o on chain'd rive 
5-HP tiller 
24988 

Li-in. sheer tines dig to 21 in. wide. Chain- drive, transm ission means efficient dig­ ging. Only bg lh.-, for easy handling. 
Pa r­ tially assembled. 

Sale prices thru Saturday, April 2 

Now yon can save $5 to*15 on covered cookers to smoke-in barbeque flavor! 

859.99 K ettle Krill 

S A L E 4 
4 
" 

A R u > t- re si*tju t p o r c e la in 

 lin iid i. 22'Di-in. d ia m e te r co o k in g grid. M n m in iim a-li catch er and leg-. 

$ 34.99 covered cooker 

— 29” 

D C o o k in g grid till- -o you ca n c o o k lo y a l' r a t e o r w e ll- d o n e at th e 
Yjin e 
Sale prices thru I liur->.. M ar. 3 I lim e! l op, bottom dr.ill-. 
A.h .bou t Sear. credit plan. 
# .......... . 

A e ic loo kal Six Flails 

SIX FLA G S O VER TEXA S has given an all-new look to one of its original sections, the famous Skull Island, as the park readies 

 for its 17th season. Also, on tap is a 
Spinnaker ride that whirls riders upside- down and a unique pirate puppet show called “ Captain LaFeets Flagship Follies.” 

Dr. Michael Saenz believes barriers are made to be broken. 
His method is by education. Only by education, he learned as a boy, could he become somebody. And education is the best way to influence others, he has learned. 
His p a r e n t s w ere ;« threat influence on him. 
They stressed the impor­ t a n c e of an ed u c a tio n 
Despite hardships of the 
G re a t D epre ssion, they went to such lengths as t r a n s f e r r i n g the ir c h i l ­ dren from one school to a n o t h e r to m a k e s u r e th e y had th e best teachers available. 
Saenz has been an in­ fluence to thousands of y o u n g sters in his years yis a foreign missionary 
*und later as an adminis­ trator. 
Ile is president of Tar­ rant County J unior Col­ lege. Northwest Campus. 
Forth Worth — the first 
M e x ic an -A m e ric an p r e ­ sident of a .junior college in an a r e a that is not predom inantly Mexican- 
Ameriean 
Before going to TC JC be s erv ed a s a c a d e m ic d e a n of L a re d o J u n i o r 
College. Ile was the only 
Mexican-American academic dean in Texas during the three years he held that position. 
TCL 
A 
1949 g r a d u a t e of 
T exas Christian Univer­ sity. la* was a dm inis tr a­ tor for United Christian 
M i s s i o n a r y Society in 
Puerto Hico for IO years, later becoming executive secretary of Ut MS iii In­ dianapolis 
S aen z be lieve s iii b r e a k i n g b a r r i e r s . Ile has done it and hopes to c o n t i n u e do in g it. His goal is to b e c o m e the 

D ed ication R e w a r d e d 

DR. M ICH A EL S A E N Z 

 first Mexiean-Americun president of a four-year college. 
Ile sees no reason why a 
Mexican-American c an n o t be appointed to s u c h a p ositi on. " T h e barrie r was broken with p r i n c i p a l s , s u p e r i n t e n ­ d e n ts , a p p o in t m e n t s to boards of institutions of higher learning, and with pres iden ts of junior col­ leges." lie said. 
Ile singles out his pre­ sent position as tin* most i m p o r t a n t a c c o m p l i s h ­ ment iii Ills life because it has e n a b l e d him to be 
\ isible to not only Ins ow ii 
M ex ic a n -A m erican pe o­ ple but also to those of oth^r r a c j s . 'Chis gives o th ers a chalice to e v a ­ lu a t e vvhUt a Mexican- 
A m e ri c a n can do in an i m p o r t a n t position, lie believes. 
“ T h e c o n t a c t s that h a v e b een g e n e r a t e d th r o u g h my o c c u p y in g this position have been many 
I feel that I a m being an important link b e tw e e n two g r o u p s which must know more about each other and re­ 

 cognize each other’s abi­ lities an d li m i ta t io n s ," he says. 
I lie al-year-old Laredo n a ti v e h a s been a s u c ­ cessful administrator be­ cause he believes in ex­ c e ll e n c e , Ile se ts high s t a n d a r d s not only for himself and tor Ins fami­ ly but also for his staff. 
Saenz also a tt r i b u te s 
Ills success to his strong he ri ta ge. Ile says he is fulfilling “ a life-long de­ sire to aid in the enrich­ ment of cultural and in­ tellectual growth through education." Ile says that more people are becom­ ing aw a re of I lie Mex i­ c a n - A m e r i c a n l e a d e r s and of the contributions they have made as in* div iduals and as a group to American culture. 
"I believe that the fact that Spanish is now fast be com ing a second la n­ guage* iii the U S attests to the* fact that so many cd' our people are being na m e d to key positions au d not m u c h is being m a d e ov c r t h e i r bein g named ti* such positions is a good indication that p e o p le a r e a c c e p t i n g these ap poin tm ents and elections." he says 
Saenz, is the second ol­ dest of five children. Ile say s he suffered no direct discrimination a* a youth but being raised in the p o o re s t se c tio n of the country did iii some ways k e e p him from doing s o m e of th e tilings lie* wanted to do 
The only way he could m a k e it through school was to work all the time. 
Ile* worked al a cafeteria. 

 iii maintenance work and itll any odd jobs a v a ila ­ ble. "B ut I early realized 

 that e d u c a t io n was the way to get out of the area and th e p o v e r t y cy c le t h a t we w e re i n . ” he says. 
Honors 
Saenz graduated from 
L a r e d o ' s M a r tin High 
School in 1943 with s e ­ cond highest a c a d e m ic ho n o rs . He s e r v e d as p re s id e n t cd' his ju n i o r and senior classes, busi­ ness m a n a g e r of the school pa per and editor of tile yearbook 
Sae nz enli sted iii the 
U.S. A rm y shortly after graduat io n. Ile was d is­ charged iii April 194(1 and hope d to s t a r t c o lle g e right away. 
IU* had 
Imped to enroll at Bice 
University but after the war Kiel* did away with s u m m e r sessions. Saenz then chose TCI* Ile ob­ ta i n e d his b a c h e l o r of s c i e n c e d e g r e e iii a c ­ c o u n t i n g an d b u s i n e s s a d m i n i s t r a t i o n th ro ug h the G I Bill and working on cam pu s jobs. 
S a e n z fi rst big job c a m e i i i D e c e m b e r of 
1949 as a regional deputy collector for the* Internal 
R evenu e Service iii Hu* 
Dallas office. He was the only Mexican -A merican in that office for the two years he was there 
In 1952 lie obtained Ins m a s t e r s d e g r e e iii a d ­ m i n i s t r a t i v e e d u c a t io n from D U and w ent to 
Puerto Hico iii 1954 "It was at TCI’ that I began lo find an expression and a channel for my desire to serve* God and my fel­ low man in a meaningful way 
I felt no ‘call' to In* an ordained minister but many of my friends wete among the students p re ­ 

 paring for Christian vo­ cations," he recalls 
When he b e c a m e a c a n d i d a t e for fo re ig n m i s s i o n a r y as a lay worker witll the Ut MS la­ wns asked to go to Puerto 
Hico for six months d u r­ ing the fur loug h of the r e g u l a r m i s s i o n a r i e s . 
The s i x - m o n t h a s s i g n ­ m e n t s t r e t c h e d to l l years 
Executive lie served as executive secretary of the Service 
D e p a r t m e n t of UCM S from 19B5 to 1971. 
In 1971 he returned to his n a tiv e city an d r e ­ mained there until 1975 
It was at Laredo Junior 
College that he began to see more of Ins hopes fulfilled 
At U C he was able to p ro v e t h r o u g h s e v e r a l p r o g r a m s t h a t y o u n g people w ii I r e s p o n d to positive motivation of fa­ culty aud administration 
As evidence, he cites ex­ amples of their work with him on c o m m it te e s “ to solve such problems as updating the traditional g ra d in g sy s te m and us­ ing th e u n it s t u d i e s method to give an indivi- dual the opportunity lo p r o g r e s s at his own rate." 
When he was selected from over 93 applicants for Ins present position iii 
F ort W o rth he saw a great opportunity for minorities. The c a m p u s consisted of only I ti per cent M ex lea ii -America ii and ll p e r ce n t b la c k students The north w**o 

 cam pus-was started with 
Saenz and its enrollment has i n c r e a s e d t r e m e n ­ dously because a college w as g r e a t l y n e e d e d in that area 
" M a n y of the people who live in this area are w o r k in g p e o p le a n d many h a v e only gone through high school. The area had boon untouched. 
A lot of p e ople 11 v m g there had the desire lo go to college but the other campuses were too far in distance,' savs Saenz 
"O ur people are good. 
\\ e need to prepare them so they c an be re a d y whe n th e o p p o r t u n i t y knocks People are look­ ing at us We must do a good job because our kids need to se e us as s u c ­ cessful m o d e l s . " Saenz dccla res 
Busy 
Saenz s civ ic responsi­ bility is e x te n s iv e . He belongs to the boards til t r u s t e e s of TULL the 
Ii n f e r e n c e of Christians and 
J e w s a n d 
B r it e 
Divinity School 
(TCL). 
He served as president of the Laredo Bicentennial 
C o m m i t t e e , and as c h a ir m a n of Aztec Dis­ tr ic t . 
Boy 
S couts of 
America. 
Sa e n z w as th e fi rst minority group mem ber to be named to the board if trustees of TCI iii the early 7os and for a long t u n e he w a s the only 
Mexican-American trus­ tee of a major college iii the state. Ile broke the barrier aud now six min­ ority g r o u p m e m b e r s have been named to the board. 
Ile is m a r r i e d to the former Nancy elizabeth 
King and has two c h i l ­ dren. Michael. ‘JI ( ynth- ta. 13 

Puppy love or m onkey business? 

M ick the m o n k e y is su fferin g from that 

 te e n -a g e co m p la in t — p u p p y love. H e 's just 

 c ra z y a b o u t a ch ih u ah u a n a m e d Shirley. 
The c o u p le go e s e v e ry w h e re together at 

 lo n g le a t a n im a l p a rk in Bath, E n g la n d . 
Shirley d o e s n 't seem to o h a p p y a b o u t the situation but for sure she s used to M ic k 's m o n key shines. 

Sears 
CLOSEOUT! 

Save *1oo on this 1976 model 

Kenmore® gas range 

 with continuous 

 cleaning oven 

A tough choice 

O n e o f the hardest decisions vacationers to the Bahama Islands 

 have to make is what to do with their time: Will it be deep sea fishing, 

 swimming boating or some sightseeing? Regardless, ifs all fun in the 

 sun for visitors to the tropical paradise. 

Continuous cleaning. 

Specially coated ov cit in­ terior woik* lo clean oil loo*) "platier* al normal 

 baking temperature*. 

Lilt-lip cooktop. K.a*y 

 acce** to clean u p "pill*. 

Porce lain e n a m e le d . 

Black glut** oven door 

 w ith VM -Bake* window lo check o i l loud" baking. 

B r i d a l e co ate d by black 

T e f l o n '. 
Fa»y lo clean. 

Drains away execs# grease. 

Ask about Soars convenient credit plans 

Sears 

 b t A K f i , M u t u e l h A M i I U 

Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

D o m I l i o n ll H u m M o r e 
M i l e d . n l ut N u t a r m 
Sion, ami I hun*. 9 :3 o .9 
All other cluy* 9;.K)-o 

Military Iii n e More al IMeafeUitlon ltd, 
Mon. thru '"al. 

C e n t r a l Park M o r e 
S u n Pedro a l I oop IHI 
M ol l , t h r u M il , b ij o - b 

’ •Tty .TVV' Vs'!;-. 
‘ -K l • 
; ’4 

Education was the key to administrator’s success 

By VERONICA SALAZAR 

7 I5<> !-(><> 

 as 
Equipped with many tine quality fea­ tures, such as a built-in griddle, continuous-cleaning oven, black glass oven door, a deluxe backguard with clock and more. Roll-out broiler with porcelain-enamel broiler pan and grid. Giant sized ‘24-in. oven is clock controlled to turn on and off. Range is 36-in. wide. 
While 13 avocado, and 59 gold colored ranges last! 

Sears 

Mar* IS n m*; Policy: lf an itfm is not described as reduced or as a special purchase it is* at it’s regular price. A speuul purchase though not reduced is an exceptional value. 

Sears 
Where Amene*! shop! 

*1 A lts. H o i IM « H A SIM O 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Mon* v Bu* k 

Son Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S -— Sundew Mqreh 2 7 1 9 7 7 ________Pope 
5 -K 
LEAR 

 on 
“ Mary 
Hartman. That Glitters.’* evolved? 
Mary Hartman." where (The five-day-a-week there are no networks — serial will debut April I.) no program practices departments — involved? 
LEAH I woke up one 
( “ Ma rv H a r tm a n is m o rn in g with the syndicated - that is. sold thought. That’s how the independe ntly to local idea evolved, stations across the 
Can you tell me a little country.) about the program? 
LEAR: 
On 
“ Mary 
LEAK* It takes place in 
H artm an." happily, the a reasonably large town, guidelines are our own. and the center of it is the 
Every w ri te r or com- b o ard ro o m of a m a jo r poser or pain ter has a corporation. I think there thing in his belly that are eight members of the tells him this is right and board, seven women and this is wrong, and this is a token male, tasteful and this is not. 
Can you explain the 
We used our bellies on new advertising policy 
“ Mary 
H a r t m a n . ” you’re putting into effect 
There s nobody looking with “ Ail That Glitters’’ over our shoulde r, no* where you will profit dir- body breathing down our ectly from some of (he back, nobody saying, commercial time? 
"You’ve said ‘hell’ here. 
LEAR: Television is you m ustn’t say ’d am n ’ the only area in show bu- t h e r e . ” Consequently, siness w here the pro* there are probably less ducer or the producing hells and damns than one entity does not share in might think. It ("Mary the success, does not 
H a rtm a n " ) is the broa- share financially in the dest canvas anybody success of the enterprise, ever had to paint on It's When one produces a wonderful for all of us Bioadway play, the more creatively, and I think tickets that are sold, the 
-it s wonderful for the more the producer’s m- public because they get te re s t in that play is to see themes treated the worth. If an individual way the artist wants to produces or acts in a treat them, not the way movie, the more people some executive trying to buy tickets to see it. the protect some interest he more that in d iv id u a l’s doesn’t even understand piece is worth. In tele or speaking on behalf of a vision, you create a show boss he may never even and you get x amount os have met.” dollars for a license fee 
I’m wondering, with . . If you have the No. I the su ccess you’ve ex* show in the nation, yot perienced with syndica- must fight the network ti 
Hon. have you pondered get m ore (m oney), be the idea of starting your c a u se the ac to rs a n own network? Could that ce rtainly beginnin g ti happen? deserve more. And now 
LEAR: No. We’re going as we approached “Al to do more syndication. That Glitters," reali/inf 
I ’ve never called it a this, we said to them (tin network: I ’ve always local stations), “ Look talked about it as the one of the six minute! fourth m a rk e tp la c e , that you sell, we would sim ply because it is a like." Sn if a minute at marketplace, it’s another the beginning of “ All door to knock on, where That Glitters” is selling you can hopefully sell so- for a dollar, and “ Al mottling. But it isn’t a That G l i t t e r s ” is onl> network because a show fairly successful, but doesn't air all over the then becomes enormous country, hour for hour ly successful, and min 
(i.e., at the same time) I utes begin to sell for. $7 just w ant to do more for the first time a .ole shows. vision pro d u cer will 
Can you tell me how share in th** increased the idea for your new revenue of the show 

Pull-up carrying handle makes it easy to move this hlack-while TV set from room to 
I room. 12-in. diagonal-ineasure screen, re­ movable sunscreen, solid-state chassis. 

One-button color with 
A u to m a tic F re q u e n c y 
Control. Adjustable. 

___________________ J 

This HIGH EFFICIENCY air conditioner also has Super Thrust feature. Has adjustable t-way air direction control as well as exhaust and fresh air settings. 

S S O O F F 2 1 , o o o O T I II m o d e l 
HIGH EFFICIENCY win- 
Keg. $ 1 7 9 .9 5 
How unit with Super T hru s t n P feature. 3 fan speeds, 1-way /rn f ^ 
^ directional control; exhaust. mm 

I IHS AU l> Ut It WOK II 

 l l I* b a r k e d Im S e a r * A d v e r t i s i n g P o l i c y which r e ­ 

 q u i r e s e v e r y a d v e r t i s e d i t e m t o b e s u p p o r t e d 
o1 

 e a c h s t o r e w i t h s u f f i c i e n t m e r c h a n d i s e , , .lf v*e 

 s h o u l d r u n o u t i d a n y r e d u c e d p r i c e i t e m d u r i n g ( h e 

 s a l e , w e w i l l r e o r d e r f o r y o u u t t h e s a l e p r i c e . 
I In * d o e * n o t a p p l y t o s p e c i a l p u r c h a s e , c l e a r a n c e a m i 

 c l o s e o u t s a l e s w h e r e q u a n t i t i e s a r c l i m i t e d . 

19.2 cit. ft. frost less refrigerator-freezer 

Large-capacity laundry pair 

Kenm ore automatic washer 

In white 
^ 
2 
1 
9 

Make your washday easy with this large-capacity washer! Has 3 8 % more washing space than our stand­ ard-capacity washers! Wash/rinse combinations are pre-set. 

SAVE *4o on 1oo°/o solid-state color TV 

SAVE ‘3o 
14,ooo BTUI! window air conditioner 

9 5 
Refi. *419,95 

I 15-volt 

Sear?* low price* 
In white 
*379 

Kenmore dryers require either electrical or gas connectors which are not included in the price shown. 

P o r t a b l e TV c a n b e m o v e d f r o m 

 r o o m t o r o o m , fit* e a s i l y o il s h e l f 

 o r c o u n t e r t o p . 

.. .. . l a t e d T V ' r e c e p t i o n 

 id - * 

5 o 7 3 
1oo% solid state black-white TV 

SAVE $ 2 o 

Re*. $129.95 

19-in. diagonal measure picture 

Regular 

* 4 4 9 . 9 5 

1oo% solid-state chas­ sis gives your set the de­ pendability you want. 

I L.Yt cit. ft. refrig e rato r aud VT cit. ft. freez­ e r will Hexer need d efrosting; front can't form. 
D e e p . d o o r -.Itches, fruit • vegetable crisper. Magnetic d o o r gasket-. 

A ll-fr o » tle * t* ! Frost] can’t form so there'* no messy defrosting chores. 

Ask a lion t Scars 

 credit plans 

19.1 cu. ft. frost- less side-by-ftide 

S c a r * p r i c e 
*449 

12.76 cu. ft. refrigerator, 6.35 cu ft. freezer. Frostiest*; never defrost again! In white. 

Sale prices iii effect ihru Saturday, April 2nd. 

D o w n t o w n P l a z a x i o c e 
M i l n o r ) D r i v e M o r e 
C e n t r a l P a r k S t o r e 

S o l e d a d a t N a v a r r o a t P i r a n a ii I o n l i d . 
S a n P e d r o a t l i m p l l 

M o n . a n d I h u r * . 9 :3 o - 9 
M o n . t h r u S a t . 
M o n . th r u S a l. 

A l l o t h e r d a y s 9 :3 o - 6 
9 :3 o - 9 
9 :3 o - 9 

M il.I t HOK III Mil) s t o u t * (rh » i ti#-in- anal „ r na «•» -hantn .ai m> ai Na-ighlH>rh<M><l ala area) 

X a l i a v - H i 
% 2 H , i i d r r , H d t l a r r v S u r/ la a a h a l 
I W N I - # » t l i i l r K j I, 
I iiit t - r - a M al, 
KillaaaaaaiHZtv'CiTH 
.4U 2 9 Io 
* 
IS t.t Pal K.«.k. a Mal 
SAM-7191 

Walking tall 

Stuntman Jo Long ii walking tall at last — having finally broken the world stilt walking record. His name will go into the Guinness 
Book of Records after he stepped out on these 25-foot-one-inch stilts at Lingfield, 
England. The previous record w as 2 I feet. 

Permanent press electric dryer 

4-water level 
Kenmore washer 
‘289 

2 7 8 1 1 

S p e c i a l 

 p u r c h a s e 
Large-capaeity! 4 water levels help save water. 6 cycles, 2 speeds, more. 
In white. 

In white 

 far.I I 

Washday is a breeze with this large- capacity dryer! Cotton/sturdy, per­ manent press, “air only” settings for all your washables. Top-mounted lint screen. 

K enm ore 4-set­ ting autom atic electric dryer 

S p e c i a l 
S 
O 
A 
O 

 p u r c h a s e m 
U 
J 

A u t o m a t i c a l l - f a b r i c control, Wrinkle- Guar d“ feature. In white. 
67841 

14.o cu. ft. refrigerator 

S e a r * p r i c e 
*269 
Big 11.73 cu. ft. refrigerator, 
2 26 cu. ft. freezer. Manual defrost. Crippers. In white. 

Air Conditioner 
Worn Out? 
Sears 

Sears 
Where America shops 

M A H *. MOt ttlM K AMU I ti 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Buck 

Sale price* thru Sat. April 2 
Cull 
UuwatvMN HIim 
•V.. l f ft m l a l N a .a r ro 
M on s a d I h u n . IiJO -M 
All u th c r d a y * M iJO -fc 
22H 11 tit 

Military Orwc al PtrM iilvH Httad 
Atua, thru Mal. 
22M-.">(K> I 

$1mrnm 
■LEW i Kohprg? thrift 
WM l*nr# 
SAVI: 

24 .5oo 
8 , o 
$ 735 
$ oo5 
$ TO 
2 o ,o o o 
o.1 
$ 7o5 
$ oo5 
$ TO 
3 3 ,o o o 
o.f» 
$ B25 
$ 745 
$ HO 
3 o .o o o 
B.O 
$ BOS 
$ BOS 
$ OO 
12,ooo 
HA 
$ oo5 
$ BOS 
£1oo 
1o.ooo 
8.4 
$1 UNI 
$ OOO 
£ I IO 
52 ,ooo 
7.o 
$1 1o5 
$1o75 
1*12o 

Full one year warranty on central air conditioner 

We will, within one year from date of purchase, repair your central air conditioner, free of charge, if defective in m aterial or workmanship. 

Full five year warranty on compressor 

For five years from date of purchase, we will replace the compressor, free of charge, if defective in m a­ terial or workmanship 
To obtain service under these warranties, simply contact the nearest Sears store 

1 9 7 6 Slock 

While they lasl! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—- 

Air conditioner replacement unit 
39o 

Sear*, price 
2.1.ooo HT! II 
& 

Replacement condensing unit is designed to adapt to most central air conditioning sys* tents. Quiet-running; designed va itll upward air flow. Installation is extra. 
CLOSEOUT 

28.ooo BTUH replacement condenser ... $ 4 4 5 
31.ooo BTUH replacement condenser ... $ 5 o 5 
34.ooo BTUH replacement condenser ... $ 5 6 5 
41.ooo BTUH replacement condenser ... $ 6 2 5 
47.ooo BTUH replacement condenser ... ($ 7 2 5 

Sunday March 27 1977 
Save Valuable E n er g y 

Sears internal braced turbine ventilator 

Sears price 
Aids attic air circulation 

Installed41 with flashings 

Extern al braced turbine ventilators. Installed* 
^ 
O 
8 8 with flashings ............................... 
4 ted pair 

 lconomical way to help reduce attic beat tad. No operating cost because it's wind owered. Sturdy aluminum construction re- 

 i s i s rust and corrosion. \\ itll base. 

* In stalled un w alkable shin*;!*- roof. 

Great buy on Sears power ventilator 

Special 
Purchase 
In stalled * 

Roof or guble-mount power ventilator aids attic air circulation to help reduce ceiling beat load for added air conditioning effi­ ciency. b l! I* motor. 

* W ired lo existing rireu it. 

W hile HH) last! 
A sperm ! pure-base, though not reduced is an excep ­ tional value. 

Single speed 
Vs HP attic fan 
259 

2 l - i n . fun w ith shu tter INSTALLED* 
Regular $ 2 8 9 .9 4 

 fan helps get hot, stale air out of boti! and attic for econom ical air circulation. 

$ 3 o .1 ,o 1 , 3 o -in . I speed altie 
$ o 
/ 1 
C 

 fun with shutter in stalled .* 
V t L 

$ 3 3 .!.o | , 3 o -in . 2 speed altie 
$ O 
C 
) C fan with shutter in stalled .* m 
O l 

* la am e • ilk adequate clearan ce, krnltlalHiii and tu n n erlrd lo r n lag electrical eirruil- 

VII ->-l em s rilled in iteeordunee ss itll Air f 'ondit ioitiiiK iiod ltefris>eratioii Institute Standard 2 1 o -7 1 . 
Ask about Sears Credit Plans 

1ox2o-1*1.* white aluminum patio cover with built-in guttering 
$ 
Sear** p riee 
169 
Enjoy the outdoors all year aroun 
. . . out of the sun and out of ti rain. Baked on enamel finish. Adjus able mounting hinge for ease of ins ta lation. Mill finished posts. 

• I St Wide me anuran krill, rounded tu I Hr hi areal (owl 

 for ERKE estimates 
. . „ ................................ 
NI I t , H I H Mi l l! M III s | t »H| s ( n m . I ileitis a n d s e r v i l e - -lmv.it a l - n al N e i ^ h l m i I mm l s i n c e * ) 
I ararat Park M ure 
Nut Prdru ai I-moji lit* 
I mvi f»*iM llv 

Mull thru Mal. 
\ alley -Iii 'OiJk 11.11111 i i a l i d . 
Harry W ur/huch al 
I HUO m VA NA SN lull li d . 
| o 3 3 Pal Itn n lu r l i d a i s , I U 
o 7 I-.1 .1 I 
I 
I 3 2 - 2 P H 
Itim .n a ii H 2II-o5TH 
3 3 3 - 2 o 1 o 
o 5 8 -7 1 o 1 

$7o to *12o off Sears Best central air conditioning 

(> 6 5 

Regular 

*735 

2 1 . 5 o o BTI ll condensing unit, A coil. 
Tubing, thermostat, installation extra. 
O u r highest effieiencv rated system 

 f eatures an electrtmie etuitrol thai -ruses oiittlour temperature to automatically adjust fail lo tin* most efficient speed. Quiet, upward air exhaust. 

No monthly payment until June when you buy a central air conditioning system on Sears 
Deferred Kasv Payment Plan (T h ere will be a finance charge for the deferral period.) 

Blown-in insulation helps reduce your cooling and heating costs 

Regular 1o f 

$ 
14 

Installed in nnlloored attic o f one slorv home. TIU aq. f|. minimum. 

K-1 9 insulation value 

It-1() is equivalent to 8 vi in. of liber g la s s or .1 in. of eellulose fiber insulation 

Let Sears Authorized Installers apply blown-ill insulation to every crack, corner aud crevice of your attic. It ll help you slay cooler iii slimmer, warmer during lite winter . . . and you'll help conserve energy, loo. Call Sears for a free home estimate no obligation! 

Homes in Woodlake presented by F & C as values: ‘A to Z’ 

HIDDEN FOREST community beckons all who w ant to discover the new w orld 
Hidden Forest awaits your own discovery of its homes, amenities 

A special treat awaits home buyers visiting Woodlake this weekend: the new home at 6718 
Walnut Lake by F & C Con­ struction Co. 
With this modern home, the home buyer can choose the color of carpet­ ing. That will prove to be a most im­ portant factor, particularly in the ex­ pansive living area. 
Corner fireplace 
This is a richly paneled room with a corner fireplace. A serve-out from the kitchen adds convenience and versati­ lity. Two huge windows brighten the area and provide a view of the Texas- size patio in the backyard. 
The focal point of the dining room is 

 a modern chandelier. A serve-out from the kitchen makes formal and informal dining more efficient. 
The modern kitchen is equipped with chrome and black glass appliances, including range, vent hood, dish­ washer and disposer. Beautiful cabin­ ets and a roomy pantry are more of the extras that homemakers will appre­ ciate. 
The two-car garage is finished and has washer-dryer connections, as well as additional storage space for garden tools, bikes and all the et cetera fa­ milies accumulate. 
Each of the bedrooms has plenty of closet space. As in all F & C homes, both of the baths .are family-sized w ith full ceramic tile tub areas. The master 

 bedroom will easily accomodate king size furniture, features a huge walk-in closet and is adjacent to a private bath. 
Central air and heat and smoke de­ tector are also included in the low purchase price of $35,475. With VA financing, no down payment and 36o equal montly payments at 8 per cent annually, monthly payments on this home would be only $331. 
See this and other three- and four- lx*droom homes by F & C Construction 
Co. today in Woodlake. They are open daily until dark. 
From N E 111 35, exit at Rittiman 
Road; signs will point the way. Or, coming from town, exit N.E. Ill 35 at 
Binz-Engleman Road, drive north to 
FM 78 and follow the signs. 

Discover Hidden Forest as a world of your own — a secluded world nestled in the rolling, wooded hills just north of San 
Antonio. 
Here, in Hidden Forest, you w ill discover luxurious new homes in a lush natural setting abounding with large oak tret's, an environmentally planned community designed with you in mind. 
Luxury homes 
Twelve of San Antonio’s finest homebuilders are constructing luxury homes now in Hidden Forest Dynamic innovations in architectural design highlight these outstanding homes, many of which have spacious views of the surrounding countryside. These beautiful new homes are priced from 

$5o,ooo and w ill be open for your convenience this weekend 

One of the many advantages of living in Hidden Forest is that the communi­ ty is located just outside the San An­ tonio city limits. Homeowners pay no city taxes. 

The children in Hidden Forest also have the advantage of being in the 
North East School District. Castle Hills 
Elementary, Eisenhower Middle and 
Churchill High Schools serve the area. 
There is also a school site for a future elementary school centrally located within the Hidden Forest community. 
The school is to open in Fall, 1878 
To maintain the private, secluded nature of Hidden Forest, a Ho­ meowners Association administers the 

 community’s open green areas, as well as the swimming pool, tennis courts and recreational areas. The recrea­ tional facilities are available to all re­ sidents of Hidden Forest 
Discover Hidden Forest this wee­ kend where you will find luxurious new homes in the rolling, wooded hills of 
San Antonio. . 
To reach Hidden Forest, go north on 
Blanco Road from N.W. Loop 41o four miles, turn right on Bitters Road to 
Hidden Forest. Or go north on San 
Pedro Avenue four miles from N.W. 
Ump 41o, turn left on Bitters Road and detour via Inlerpark Drive Follow the detour back to Bitters Road and go two miles more until you come to Hidden 
Forest, an innovation rn total environ­ mental living 
WOODLAKE home a t 671 8 W alnut Lake built by F & C Construction Co. 
J s p 
NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
H E © (D M D E M 
Son Antoni o EXPRESS- NEWS— Sunday Mar ch 2 7 1977 
Page 
I -M 
S x 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

17 LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q I 

C L A S ( O K O D IS P L A Y 
CLASSI O f D CM SAI AY 
C L A S S I C O D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIC IID D IS P L A Y 
CLAJSnm DI SPLAY 
— commis siw u r 
C l A U t H t b N i P l A Y 
C IA . L i m o D IS P L A Y 

NEW HOMES 
ARE NOT 
CREATED EQUAL 

296* m o . 

I Cs h ard ta Find a 3 -h t'd ro o n i a p a rtm e n t fo r Ie ** th an £ 3 o o a m o n th —— th a t's why this lu x u ry h o m e at £ 2 o o * a m o n th is iin h t'lie v a h h '. 

• No (lily T axes 
• Northville School* 
• No Down, VA 
• No ( dosing Cont* 

S o m e new h o llie s arc* b re a th ta k in g ly b e a u ti­ fu l. 
S o m e e x tre m e ly c o n v e n ie n t. S om e in o r­ d in ately p ra c tic a l. S o m e p a r tic u la r!) w ell lo c a t­ ed. 
S o m e esp ecially valu e p ric e d . 
L ib e rty 
H o m es a re all o f these thin gs. 

P rin cip al & interest 
T a x e s 
Insurance 

2 3 o . 1 8 

5 1 . 1 3 

1 o .9 5 

I otal M o n th ly Paym ents 1 2 ^ 3 .5 6 

Based on 
V A . 

A OtVtlOPMENf Of 
Nance 
A t m i i t i i . im 
Ubcryvj nocncg 

^ 
6 8 1 - 5 6 3 ? 

.O TirxJsO R 
D o m e s 
- 
684-7o47 ^ 

M 
M 
R 
! 
I fcD D L H S 
MAI JC. C H O 

CORNER" 
Ph fr y a ^ ^ n B ^ ^ 
62oo Spring Time 

^ br 2 

 in 

 brkfst 

Od 

 kit : 
L ^ 

 dine lur u u entry 

$42,6oo VA* 

 util 

 br 3 

 gar leuiood 

 fully carpeted • Fireplace • Paneled family 
Ideal location near UTSA. USAA, Medical room • Breakfast bar • Built-in electric 
Center • Beautiful area m me foofh.ms of kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, dis poser • Central heat & air conditioning • 
Walk to elementary school, bus to middle school A high school • Excellent Northside 
School District • Privacy fencing, too1 

Texas Hill Country • Easy access to express ways. Furnished models open daily until 8 p m. Take IM IO west to the DeZavala exit and follow the signs. 

VA, FHA, and CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING AVAILABLE! 
NO CLOSING COSTS, VA! 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

 rage z -aa dan Antonio CArRcoo-iNcwo— ounaay /vxarcn c / i t 
/ / 

H om ecraft presents furnished models 
Twin Creek becomes address of hundreds 

Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. lias made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities in the San An­ tonio area. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County development offers the Kind of homes m odern fa m ilie s are looking for todu> and can afford 
Established 
T w in 
C reek, now thought of as an estab­ lished neighborhoods for 
San Antonians, has ac­ quired a large populus since it opened in Fa ll. 
1973. 
H o m ecraft houses iii 
Twin ( reek. which are priced from as low as 
S134.93o, have either three or four bedroom s, two b a t tis and t w o-car g a r­ ages. A ll for sale this weekend also have HH! lier cent masonry exter­ iors as inst one energy- cUssifiR) 5fiWU7 

 sax lug feature. 
Hom ecraft houses are h o m em akers' d elights be ca u se of their kitchens lull el work-saving fea­ tures like all-electric.* deluxe 
M ag ic 
Chef ranges and cont Piously cleaning ovens, built-in dishw ashers for double b ia lis , disposers and plenty of cabinet space planned for working and storage convenience. 
Other fine features of 
H o m ecraft houses are handcrafted fireplaces. pat ins. room -finished two-car g arag es with overhead doors, accent paneling aud sculptured front doors 
Luxurx appointm ents of the home include a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpet­ ing in all bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Two full ceramic tile baths have m arble t'ukifc'iib biiFuTT 

 dressing van itie s with mirrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of wallcovering 
H o m ecraft features which help save energy include full insulation in walls H12-inch insulation in ceilin gs, oxer-engin­ eered a ir conditioning and heat systems requir­ ing m in im a l use plus doors and windows which shut tightly. 
Streets iii Twin Creek necessitate sloxx traffic, and house exteriors along each create an impres- sixe blending of both co­ lors and styles. It was all planned that way. too. 
The coinm unitx also features its ow n prix ate clubhouse a lre a d y en­ joyed by Twin Creek re­ sidents It offers green- fenced tennis courts xxell lighted at nights Other recreational facilities in­ clude a sxvimming pool, 

 tiAiMMb bilMXf ’ 

 wading pool, clubhouse w ith equipped kitchen and a playground for youngsters. 

Although surrounded by nature. Tw in Creek also has a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding and city noises are Hexer heard, but the thoroughfare Ban d era 
Road is just a mile away; 
NAV. Loop 41o. one mile more. 

Of course, no city taxes apply lo home payments made by Twin ( reek re­ sidents 

Located in the preferred 
N orth sid e 
School 
District. 
Twin 
(r e e k is also close to 
C T S A. 
C SA A. 
South 
Texas M ed ical Center, 
Southwest Research Insi- tute and Helix and Lack­ land A F Bs euilTriib w »ur 

C LA SSIC O DISPLAY 
CLASSI!IID DISPLAY aM im iB bopczy— 

V * v j 
—~ 
-...............-- - .......— — 
-................................... 
- ~.... 
“ 
“I 

Enjoy Hill Country Living 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful O ak Creek. Our premium homes range from $ 4 8 ,5 o o to $9o,oo o on large wooded homesites. Customized homes availab le for immediate move-in. Please visit our professionally decorated models today! 

FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 
OAK CBECX 

Call Mr. Thomas Holmen for Appointment 684-31 I 2 

A US Hom e, C O M M U N ITY 

*>■•» it x x J -i - 
* 
■> 
3 J a it 4M>. > 
> 
* 
». aa. .J. . A x . 

MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 
UNLESS YOU PAY 
MUCH MORE 

A great place to raise a family 
. high on the hills of 
San 
Antonio. 

* 3 3 , 6 5 o x o * 3 6 , o o o 
8 % VA Financing 

FHA & Conv. Available 

I AMU T ROOM 

UVttab ROOM 

» O IH M U I O U K ! iN liN U IIItC IC I.IIC 

^ y f 1' »L. 

Tok* 
Callaghan oM 
Loop 
41o 
W att, turn lait under bridge, can. tinwa on Callaghan to Whit# Cloud. 

Northside Schools 
3 BLOCKS FROM ELIMENTARY 
__ ____ 
CLOS! TO 
HOlMfS HIGH i SUI ROSS JR. HIGH 

These 3 & 4 Bedroom Homes Include 

 o Frigidaire appliances 
(dishwasher, 

 disposal, electric range • Finished 2 car 

 garage • Formal dining room • Walk- 

 in closets • Central heat and air con­ 

 ditioning 
(Carrier) 
• Rear 
Potio 

• Champered ceiling # Paneled den. 

Models open IO 'til dark 

 r n 
MLS 

44 I i HH TIMA'* M 

WALT C O H N !H U S 

OFF 829 (>34 J 

HCS bbb 24*4o 

-AN AMobiO ti HAU >8218 
THUS 

HOMES BY H.P. ORTS 
Salat Offica 6oo* Whit# Cloud 
Off Callaghan Read 
6 8 4 * 1 3 8 6 

YOUNG FAMILY HOME 

“ PIAN 2 o1 " 3 bedroom, 2 bath. Spacious 

 living room with fireplace and beamed 

 ceilings. Separate dining area features 

 window boxes and spacious pantry. Master 

 bedroom and large secondary bedroom will 

 fit your growing family. $ 3 7 ,5 o o . Available 

 todayl 

FULL FAMILY HOME 

“ PLAN 2oo " 4 bedroom, 2 bath. Step into 

 gracious living. Spacious family room with 

 vaulted ceiling, and fireplace leads to huge 

 country kitchen featuring large window box, 

 plenty of sunlight and room to enjoy your 

 family dining all together. Separate master 

 bedroom affords complete privacy. Other three 

 large bedrooms will accommodate teen-agers 

 easily, $39 ,9 5o . Available today! u 
Come On Home 
To TWIN CREEK 

★ 
7Vi% VA financing available on selected homes! 

★ 
^GUARANTEED SALES PROGRAM " available to "TRADE-IN" your present home! 

★ 
Six professionally decorated model homes open daily from 9 to 9 for your inspection. 

★ 
Full year Home W arranty Service stands by you after your purchase. 

★ 
Your TWIN CREEK HOME is 1oo% completed to your TOTAL satisfaction before you move in! 

 it 
Established Twin Creek community in growing Northwest San Antonio with close bv schools, churches and shopping. (Areas largest shopping mall under developm ent nearby.) 

★ 
Twin Creek swim and tennis club available for all community members on voluntary basis. 

 it 
Twin Creek community with great neighbors who care about their home and family. 

★ 
Twin Creek. . .A US H o m e I Community looP 4 at Bandera Rood. 
Proceed I mile north to Grissom 
Road (FM471) and turn left. Go I mile to TWIN CREEK. 
I usHome] 

Listed on the New York Stock Exchange 

R L E flC O 

Entry, bo.my 
Solar O re, Glo** 
Window* bf AioiHO 
% 
MAGIC CHEF 

HAJUMINO 

681-1111 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 2 7 1 9 7 7 
 i 
Wilderness replaced by rustic Wildwood 

San Antonians who remember 
ETthc good old days” recall when 
^Bandera Road offered a semi- 
SXvilderness trip to dude ranches, 
3asty pit barbecue and Saturday flig h t dancing to heel-kicking cou n try music. 
** Today, Bandera Road still leads to fa ll of those things, in abundance, but, 
J3he wilderness has given way, to some 
E x t e n t , as modern shopping cen ters, 
•restaurants and specialty stores have 
S p r u n g up on the way, to Wildwood. 
23)ne of the most popular developments 
J3n the northwestern quadrant of Bexar 

County abd by T e x a s ’ larg est hom e­ builder, Ray Ellison Homes. 
Although Wildwood is readily acces­ sible to the growing com m ercial facil­ ities in the northwestern area, such as 
U T SA , USAA and the South T e x a s 
Medical Center, its homes are outside the c ity lim its , p ro v id in g low er monthly paym ents on new hom e in­ vestments ranging from the low $3os to the mid $4os 
W ildwood homes retain the w ilder­ ness touch, surrounded by tree-cov­ ered slopes and wooden horizon. 
F ire p la ces in most Wildwood homes recall the rustic touch of country liv­ 

 ing, bringing warmth and cheer to the brisk evening air. 
Children and teenagers of Wildwood families attend the excellent schools of the Northside District with educational p r o g r a m s th at not only in s till the 
“ three R ’s , " but also offer rich and d iv e r s e e x t r a c u r r i c u l a r p r o g r a m s which em phasize leadership and ini­ tiative. 
Wildwood kitchens are designed for beauty and functional convenience. All are fully equipped with dishwashers, disposers, ran ges with self-cleaning ovens and range vents plus fine quality wood cabin ets which typify the fine 

Construction of new homes is at an all-time high in with m<~ny luxurious extras as standard, such as 
W ildw ood, where home buyer demand is keeping fireplaces, privacy fences, the exclusive Ellison 
Ray Ellison crews busy building exciting homes energy package and many others. 

 craftsmanship found throughout a Ray baths 
VA, FUA and conventional ti- 
>our t ight — on B ristle co n e . Y ou'll 
Ellison home. nam ing is available find professional and courteous Hay 
Of course, three- and four-bedroom 
To reach Wildwood, drive out Ban- 
Ellison re p resen ta tiv es who will be hom es in Wildwood com e com plete dera Road west until you see the d elig h ted to show you Wildwood s with two-car finished garages and two beautiful Wildwood entran cew ay on beautifully furnished model homes 

 rn mm 4 

ET TOP QUALITY 
Our construction crews are “full speed ahead to meet your strong demand for new homes in Wildwood. Be a part of Ray Ellison’s real success story in the Northwest! 

• Exclusive Energy Package Includes extra insulation, special caulking around windows and doors, double- paned windows, and power attic ventilators 
• Masonry exteriors, featuring brick and native stone 
• Finest quality Armstrong floor coverings and carpeting 
• Litton M icrowave ranges installed in most designs 
• Built-in electric kitchens with color-coordinated range, vent and dishwasher, plus handy garbage disposer 
• 2 full tile baths with color-coordinated fixtures and easy-care decorator wall fabrics 
• 2-car finished garages 
• Utility areas with washer and dryer connections ready for hook-up 
• W ood-burning fireplaces in most designs 
• Complete privacy fencing, professionally landscaped front yard and outdoor patio 
FROM START 

• Many of the interior and exterior quality features are visible when your new home is finished, but much of the craftsmanship that goes into initial construction is hid­ den . . . nevertheless, it shows up in the happy years of com fortable and economical living you get from your 
Ray Ellison home in Wildwood! 
• Even though w e’re building homes as fast as we can in order to meet the great demand in Wildwood, every home is built with meticulous care. Only the finest ma­ terials are used by our construction specialists who are skilled in the latest and best methods in the home­ building industry. 

TO FINISH 

•Cash price $37,95o. No down payment and no closing costs. VA mortgage $37,95o. 36o equal monthly principal and interest pay ments of $276 OO for 3o years at 8 % Annual 
Percentage Rate 
Principal and Interest 
$276 OO 
Taxes (County, State, School) 
63 OO 
(No!) City Taxes 
o- 
Insurance 
19 oo 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$358.oo 
• Split bedroom plan for privacy • Cathedral ceiling ana fireplace in living area • Formal dining area and breakfast area • All the standard Wildwood features in­ cluding built-in electric kitchen, 2 tile baths, 2-car gar­ ages, Exclusive Energy Package, privacy fencing, and more! • PLUS Litton Microwave range! 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Bandera 
Rd. 3 1/2 mi. north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the W ildwood sign. 

IOU*! -*3JSM*, 

Ellison Homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
University 
Oaks goes on parade 

University Oaks will be the setting chosen for a p a ra d e of hom es this weekend that will feature seven of the San Antonio a r e a ’s lead in g custom building firms. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County residential a r­ ea is well named for its many oaks and its near­ ness to the campus of the 
U niversity of Texas at 
San Antonio. 
Seven stars 
The seven “ s ta rs " of this parade of homes ac­ tually make the show a real extravaganza of mo­ dern housing. University 
Oaks forms the perfect setting for such a gala. 
The community is ea­ 

 sily reached by driving north on NAV. IU IO to its 
De Zavala Road exit and taking De Zavala east of the exp ressw ay to the marked University Oaks entranceway. 
P a rtic ip a tin g in this p arade will be Superb 
Homes by Jesse & Bruce 
Baker; S m ith ’s Better- 
Built Homes; Styleliner 
Homes by Carl E. Nie- meyer; F eig e n b au m & 
.Ioffe; Acquarius Homes by Paul Balding Robert 
L B ragg, Builder Inc.; and Lifetime Homes by 
Edgar Niemeyer. 
These seven different b u ild e rs a re ready to present a wide array of new homes certain to get 

U N IV ER SIT Y O A K S sw im club for resid e n ts’ enjoym en t 

 the most favorable com­ ments from any visitors. 
In fact, that many builders displaying their latest homes will, indeed, result in a w ide variety of d ifferent styles inside and out, by itself enough to make an afternoon of viewing homes most en­ joyable — even ed u c a­ tional. 
The neighborhood Uni­ versity Oaks itself p re­ sents an adventure, too. 

Its tree-filled lots and in­ novative homes are near num erous m ajor points of destin a tio n that in ­ clude not only the uni­ versity but also USAA, 
South T exas M edical 
Center, Veterans Admin­ istration Hospital, Meth­ odist Hospital and, be­ cause the community is right in the foothills of the Hill Country, the scenic area's "heights" just a short drive away. 

The neighborhood has its own swim club for resi­ dent’s enjoyment. 
As well, U niversity 
Oaks is within the p re ­ ferred Northside School 
District, which has Locke 
Hill E lem entary in the n eig h b o rh o o d ’s im m e ­ diate vicinity. 
See the well planned home show this weekend 
You’ll see ideas in new homes you’ve never seen before. 
Lakeside’s a way to ‘good life’ 

Success Homes, the m ost recent Morton / 
Southw est housing series, continue to In? the highlights of home hunt­ ing in Lakeside, the po­ pular southeastern Bexar 
County community. 
The thriving commun­ ity will model S eeress 
Homes this weekend. 
Lakeside seem s well nam ed. A fter all, its b eautiful, tree -sh ad ed lake is large enough for boating and stocked for fishing. 
IO plans 
The three- and four-be­ droom homes in the Suc­ cess series comprise as many as IO different floor plans, each nam ed ap ­ propriately and based on much m ark et research and lengthy architectural studies. 
Morton / Southwest is able to offer the well planned houses in a price range starting as low as 
$34,ooo. The firm, which b u y ers m ade the most successful for two years in a row, takes g rea t pride in presenting Suc­ cess Homes as "afforda- 

LAKESIDE features Success H o m e s b y Morton /So u th w e st 

 h ie ," in v alid atin g the p essim ism that m a in ­ tained the average family in America would be un­ able to afford a new home this year. 
A visit to any of the 
Success models in Lake­ side will show how a new home re m a in s as the 
" g r e a t 
A m erican d re a m /’ 
The vast am ounts of 

OAibtiM BOKZf 

Quality Home¥ in a Country 
Community 
From 
55,ooo 
651-6237 

 lodsH aw 

 total square footage in the Success plans can be seen in spacious family rooms, separate dining areas, large living rooms and family sized patios 
Also included are large, decorator kitchens with space-saving, built­ in appliances like Magic 
Chef ranges, vent hoods, dishw ashers and sta in ­ less steel W aste King disposers. 
But the scope of Suc­ cess H om es goes far beyond their "furnisha- b le" and useful space. 
L uxury ap p o in tm e n ts add much to how they p resen t m ore than the money’s worth. 
They include shag car­ peting in living rooms, m aster suites and hall- ways; privacy fences; woodburning fireplaces in family rooms; abun dant cabinetry in pantry kitchens; com partm ent ed ceramic baths; walk- in or wall-to-wall closets; h andsom e paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beam ed 
--------CIAiWHi© OiittAV 

 cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose co­ lors and patterns for both carpeting and wallcover­ ings. 
Each Success home featu res a utility are a and a finished tw o-car garage. 
An exclusive E nergy 

WWWT 

Saving lockage (E S P.) for each includes an at­ tic-in stalled F rie d rich central air and heat sys­ tem, optimal insulation, strateg ic locations and overall orientation away from the sun. 
The lake in Lakeside makes a good setting for the park and picnic area, which also is for the ex­ clusive enjoyment of re­ sidents and their guests. 
Additionally, there are a sw im m in g pool, two tennis courts and jogging and biking paths, all of which com plem ent the amenities for which the neighborhood is named. 
Lakeside is near Loop 
41ft, a gateway to many major points of destina­ tion. It is slightly outside city limits and within the progressive East Central 
School District. 
The th riv in g are a is reached most easily by exiting from S E. Loop 
41o onto U.S. Hwy. 87 and proceeding ea st to the marked entranceway. anmss t o k s v 

C U W W W PISAIAY 
C IA M i n to M SW . AY 
CLASSIFIC QUHAX 

E L E G A N C E 
.■YIii ' i n , 
T O E , T R E E S 

Located practically at the front door of UTSA, U SA A and the medical complex, University O aks is a neighborhood covered with trees you would be proud to call home. Designed for activity families, this community features a swim club for residents. Seven of San An­ tonio’s leading custom home builders are building exciting floorplans designed for today’s lifestyle of comfortable carefree living. Listed below are just a few of the homes that will be open for your in­ spection this weekend. 

 f Superb Homes by 
Jesse A Bruce Baker 
4 9 2 - 1 o 4 3 
4 8 o 2 
Bucketed, 
4-2-2, 
Corner lot, 
1 o o % masonary, 2 Living areas, Fireplace. 
$45,5oo. 

Aquarius Homes by Paul Baldini 
344-1314/ 
493-353o 

Four new slabs poured on Bucknell Drive. Still time to customize and make color selections. 

Styleliner Homes by Carl E. Niemeyer 
343-33o5/ 
343-3111 

4931 
Brandle, 
3-2-2, single living area; 
Fireplace; Cedar w ood covered decorator wall; full carpet; quarry tile entry stone. 
$39,9oo. 

Robert L Gragg, 
Builder, Inc. 
344-44o1 

4 8 2 3 W e sle y a n , 3-2-2; Single living area with formal dining; large kitchen and breakfast room,- fireplace. 
$49,9oo. 

 liletime Homes by Niemeyer, Inc. 
3 4 3 -3 1 11 / 
343-33o5 

4 8 1 8 W e sle y a n , 3-2-2; Single living area, multi-level home with fireplace; marble vanities,- 
Full carpet; quarry tile entry. 
$42,6oo. 

Smith’s Better 
Built Homes 
493-1o74 

48 o7 Bucknell, 3-2-2; Exciting contemporary of rustic fieldstone; one living area, two dining areas; tiled entry, sunken living area; full Anergy pkg. includes double glazed windows. 
$48,4oo. 

 feigenbaum A Joffe 
49o-1551, 
^ 
735-5oo3 

1 3 9 1 o Syracuse, two story, four bedroom, two bath, balcony, all energy-saving features that are practical and available. Very deep lot. 
$48,5oo. uniuersiiv oaks 

Directions: Toke IH IO North 
^ to Do Zavala Road and turn right Vt mile to entrance. 

 onde? i»*mJ 
■ 
\V. 
★ University 
Oaks 

 g a r a g e 
TOU DECIDE! 
Choose 6718 Walnut Lake and you can choose the coloi of your car­ peting. 
Picture your furniture in this huge family room . . . how the striking brick fireplace will ac­ cent your decor! 
Note the con­ venient kitchen serve-tints to both the family and dining rooms. 
'------— —------------------ 
Then you’ll decide thai this home in Woodlake is perfect for you and your family. But decide today, it’s a value you shouldn’t pass up! 
8% V A Financing • No Down Payment • No Closing Costs 

 l l 

No City faxes 

6 6 1 -3 8 6 2 

F & C 
Construction 
Company 

L A K E S I D E 

ONE PLACE WHERE 
THE COST OE LIVING 
WON’T SPOIL 
YOUR LIFE. 

WOODLAKE 

C O U N T R Y C O M F O R T .. .you could hove a home in 9oo acres of woodland around on 11 ocre shoded lake in southeast San Antonio. You could even have it 

 on a hill if you're quick enough on your feet. There are picnic areas with clean, dear 

 air for your kids to play in, lighted tennis courts, a swimming pool, and a bike and 

 jog path. 

But that s not all. 

D O N ’T P A Y T H I C IT Y ’S T A X IS . G IT T H I C IT Y ’S C O N - 
V IN IIN C IS . A Vt mile from Loop 41o, Lakeside is minutes from downtown, convenient to shopping areas, ond just a short ride oway from Ft. Sam Houston, 
Brooks, Kelly, Lockland, ond even Randolph A.F.B. All this means great savings and 

 convenience. 

M O R I THAN A P L A Y G R O U N D FOR Y O U R C H IL D R IN , 
Lakeside living offers East Central Schools which provide on outstanding ocodemic 

 program, and on opportunity to be a part of championship athletic teams, a great bond, ond a top rated agricultural department. 

A N D IN A S U C C IS S H O M I BY M O R T O N /S O U T H W IS T you'll live in o cool, quiet energy saving home that will provide you and your family 

 with the comfort ond dollar savings to give you even more enjoyment from 
Lakeside living. 

SUCCESS HOMES, ANOTHER "MONEY’S WORTH" IDEA FROM MORTON/SOUTHWEST. 

Friedrich 
INSTALLED BY GEORGE SMITH, INC. 

 cwt***. AM coforroMQl 
OE SAN ANTONIO. 

 patio 

 brk'fst 

 f a m i l y 

DIPLOMAT 

* 35,425 

. y r 
» 
MMI 

 dining living 

 e porch 

8% 
VA FINANCING 

FHA & C O N V E N T IO N A L 
A V A IL A B L E 
# 
N O P A Y M E N T ’TIL JULY! e 
MODELS OPEN DAILY 
’TIL DUSK 
648-3491 

 r n 

2 car garage 

 m orion s o u t h w e s t 

(OUT OF TOWN CAIL COLLECT) 
WRITE: P.O. Box 18428, 
San Antonio, Texas 
78286 

Homes sell fast in Brairwick i lf there is a ser^e of this month 
J urgency in the home tin n in g market today, 
I now here is it more evi­ dent than at Briarwick, i by Royal Crest Homes in 
•the northeastern San An­ tonio area. 
{ 
According to Briars irk 
*area sales manager Ed 
I Richardson, the demand 
J for new homos there has 

In fact, he claims he is running out of inventory and will, undoubtedly, he forced to sell “ out front," within a short time in order to satisfy the de­ mand"' of home buyers who want to get settled before the new school year begins. 
‘People are deciding 
* been extrem ely heavy this is the year they want 
{"nice the grand opening to purchase a 
» 
Otmlv----- new 
C lA S im iD DISPLAY 

 home,” Richardson said, 
“ and. they're finding that B ria rw ick offers them exactly what they're finding for in lo­ cation. design, quality and price 
But, those waiting until later to buy are going to find them­ selves faced with a wait­ ing period before we can deliver a finished home to them." 
One of the most at- 

 c iA s s im o w iP u e F 

BRIARW ICK m odels a ffo rd a b le series of new hom es in prestige site 

 tractive features of the 
Briarwick location is its countr.v-like atmosphere, 
CLAiiirm dUblay------- 

Gracious diving begins *WitR 
Jflan 

Another M ik e K in d e r original 

 in O ak C re e k N orthw est. 

From ‘ 7 9 , 5 o o to ‘ I I 5 ,o o o 

1o9o2 Wild Grape 

(bm 
!6 «»8 * 

 tnmily- Rf»pm 
% A k SH 
»«* 4 .?» 

LIT T O N 
MICROWAVE OVEN 

BUILT-IN 
INSTALLATION 

3, 4 & 5 bedrooms with split arrangements 

3 & 4 bath designs 
• Wet bors and Ceiling Fnns large oaks—Horseshoes Doves 

Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 
• Microwaves—Continuous Clean Ovens 

 i Will Trade or Custom Build 
9 Models Open Doily 
696-833o 

I mile out Vance Jackson 

 from loop 4 I o 

 outside the city limits beyond the reach of city taxes but within, easy reach of major arteries and expressways 
Along with the northeastern lo­ cation is another prime interest of the borne buyer: excellent schools of the North East lbs- met 
But. 
Richardson warns, " lf home buyers want to be able to move into a new home in 
— cLAssTniD owiAt----- 

Briarwick before the start of tin’ school year next September, they're going to have to dime in a derision in the near future." 

.lust ;js important as location and convenience is the quality that is ev i- dent iii every Briarwick home. at prices that af) peal to young families looking for th e ir first homes, as w e ll as to cuminiD dismay 

“Computer Finds listings” 

(Dallas) A talking computer that finds residential listings has been developed by a Dallas, Texas firm. Dycon International, after several years research, is in 

 traducing a computerized system that is capable of calling and conversing with over 1,ooo people per day to find out who wants to sell their home. Results have, no less, been revolutionary. The 
Dycon System is capable of producing unlimited exclusive listings, lf you are in­ terested in becoming or staying the 

 largest real estate agency in your area, call or write immediately. 

Mr. Adler 
Dycon International 
5 3 5 3 D yer 
D allas, Texas 7 5 3 o 6 a r call (214) 6 91 -6 6 1 I 
ABV. 

Tanglewood suits m any 

San Antonians are de* most plans, bring crack riding HIT? is the year ling warmth and rustic they’ve been waiting for glam or to crisp in their hopes and Tanglewood evenings dreams for a new home. But rustic charm is and those dream s are mixed with contemper* coming true in Ray El- ary convenience in bean lison’s Tanglewood, with tiful kitchens that trails its beautiful wooded form cooking chores into countryside atmosphere culinary adventures and its spendid content 
Rich'. handcrafted porarv designs w ood cabinetry; self 
Located w ithin easy cleaning, double-oven driving distance of the electric ranges; dish neighboring F T S \ (jam- washers and disposer pus, tin’ imposing DRAA units, and stainless steel complex and the splendid sinks and fixtures all medical facilities of the combine to allow kitchen 
South Texas M edical chores to be performed 
Center. Tanglewood isnt with more fun and less the heart of the dynamic fatigue movement marking San 
Antonio's thrusting growth northwest 

A m id oaks 
At the same tim e, 
Tanglewood offers th< 

•:did y o u m i s s b u y i n g :- 
XEROX AT $ 2 A SHARE? : 

S t e . 

••ii. 

! T Ii I I L I!! l l Ji 

In the 6o's, XEROX sold for less than $2 a share.. . today it's selling for almost §5o a share! QUITE 
DISAPPOINTING lf you were one of those who had a chance to "buy low" and didn't! 

Today in Briarwick, there are new homes such as the one pictured here But they're selling fast and the values won't last long! 

DON'T LET THIS OPPORTUNITY PASS 
YOU BY! Come to Briarwick today while there is still a selection of new homes to choose from as your 
INVESTMENT OF A LIFETIM E! 

 br 2 

 liv 

:..*— T 
1 dine 

, f . J 
^“*1r j d 
• „ I 
* j , 

 to , 

 mbr 

| f " S ? 2 2 

 v 

«,T- N U AM O’ 

□ LITTON 

•This Hoy.ii Crust home includes a Litton Micro wave Oven. Conventional cooking and the con­ venience of microwave in one self cleaning unit 

 br 3 

3834 Briarcrest 
$38,2oo 

‘ Based on purchase price of 
$38,2oo, no down paym ent and 
36o equal m onthly paym ent’ at 
8' • annually. 

 util 

 gar 
$ 3 5 2 mo 

Principal and Interest 
Taxes 
Insurance 
TOTAL M O N T H LY PA Y M I N T 

$28o.38 

$52.62 
$19 OO 

$352 OO 
Briarwick 

Open Daily 9 AM to 8 PM 

494*1926 royal crest homes 

 more established fa­ milies seeking a means of stepping up to a more contemporary lifestyle 
New home investments at Briarw ick begin at 
$28,5oo and increase, ac­ cordingly, to $43,ooo 
Briarwick homes arc packed with standard items that are often op­ tional “ extras** with other builders One such standard iii most models that appeals to the gour­ met chef, as well as the housewife in a hurry, is the Litten Miernmati. combination range. which offers t he choice of either cooking with mi­ crowave only or in com binal inn with conv en t nm a I baking and broiling 

Although the benefits of Tanglewood living are many and varied for housewives and mothers, children and teenagers from the wooded subdi- peaeeful serenity of car vision enjoy outstanding efree country living amid educational facilities of gracious oaks and rolling the N'orthside School landscapes 
Innnvalive, contempor­ ary designs by Ray E l lison architects make 
Tanglewood an interest­ ing combination of three 
Briarwick paneled dens. with soaring cathedral ceilings and brick of ;i|Uj pun-.bedroom, one- stone - front fireplaces. ,nuJ two-storv homes bl­ are perfect for evening ..inning in the low $4<»s relaxation or entertain­ ing, while backyard pa 
Bos are perfect for the barbecue weekends on 
♦ he horizon. 

Thermostatically con­ trolled central heating and air conditioning de­ icer an energy-efficient wallop because the units are teamed with an en­ ergy package designed to cut energy consumption dramatically, whether in the beat of Summer or the coldest of W inter days 
To reach the Briarw irk sales office and to view tin’ model homes with all the features that set 
Royal C rest homes apart. drive north from N E loop lid on Wetmore 
Road past 
Thousand 
Oaks drive and, soon, you will see the Briar- wick entrance and the 
Avenue of Flags, 

 a a f e m d D t m J r 

 and available with VA, 
FU A aud conventional financing 
Fireplaces, featured in 

C iA t iW t * S U H A Y -------- 

District, along w itll in 
(cresting aud diverse so elal programs and extra curricular activlites for young people of all ages 

For weekend or even mg recreation in the great Tanglewood out­ doors. tennis courts and, swimm ing pool are nearby. It s near lots of night life, too. 

 e Q H P f p D iiiH A V 
” 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

 a i IPM mr 

» v on may with < 

-oil lu­ 

 ll Iv 

If VUU held 
May IO, 1o1 broke r s license approved edijeatinll. \\ e’ classes for you providing only five- (->) (lavs, or twee 
I lie opportunity eel a life-time. 

 s license on ligilde for a 
OH hours of 
[lave - 1»♦-«’i.iI 
3o hours in 

 weekend;*. 

"nit t i m e 

 i- short! Call and se|ie doh 

 for information, catalog 

American College of Real Estate, Inc. na i Ashby / sam antonio Tim tmh / ism r n ton 

I'M lin k ~i h o n sa n d Oak: 

Step into our w orld! 

Enter a world of casual elegance, comfort and 

 beauty. A home with separata wings for adults and children is jus* right for today’s modern young family. 

I -1 

• ITC HIN. 

 j ta IAK 11)5* 

UTlUTt 

....a 

MCONO UO O B 

BUMKIN u v ie e o 
• OOM 

. O ut) t AND f 
$1111*o 
, 
1 
BOOM 

MAIM* 
K OB OC.** 

I ( A B G A B A O I lqA 

* I 

Moot* 

■h 
1681 I Turkey Point 

Carlton Church — Builder 

$71,5oo — 2,485 SO. FT. 

Other Builders 
Olmos Home Builders, Great Amenta Con struction Co., Clint Wetlbacher, Vidor Oehler, Carlton Church, 

Peter Schinker M A. Scholl Enterprises. 

Total 
Living: 
Thousand 
Oaks 
Country 
Club, 

Northeast School District and 5 minutes to total shopping. Houses begin at $5o,ooo. 

H om es O p e n IO A .M . ’til Dark. 

— 
A 1 ii. L , ti * d J iifU iH lil 
THOUSAND 
OAKS 

 f W jtS 

J .I m ilt! north of Loop 4 1 o an fa n P««lra. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

TH O U SAN D O A K S hom e built b y Carlton Church 

Thousand O a ks features hom e built by Church 

Cimarron homes bring ‘Freedom’ of lasting value 
CIM AR R O N shows Freedom H om es by M orton /Southw est 

A Morton / Southwest lower monthly payments c o m m u n i t y b e c o m i n g on these homes already 

Plan tor the future in a beautifully designed con­ temporary house. 
S t u n n i n g twin e n t r y doors mar k the home at 
I HH 11 T u r k e y Poin t in 
T h o u s a n d O a k s , as a house for today's modern young family. 
Master suite 
A large mas ter suite on one sid e of th e house provides the privacy that adults seek at the end of a busy day, while c h il­ d re n enjo y t h e i r own wing on tilt* opposite side in an upstairs suite. 
Three bedrooms and a larg e dou ble bath with ample storage comprise the upstairs wing 
\way from Mom and Dad. the children have a perfect arrangement where ster­ eos and telev isions and their own private world can be enjoyed. 
S e p a r a t i n g the two wings is the h a n d so m e step-down living room. 
\ tilt' entry overlooks this la r g e sunlit room with raised hearth, diag­ onal cedar trim and c h a m p a g n e carp et with sliding g lass doors lead­ ing to a covered patio. 
A step up and you re in 

CLASSI? IID OI SALAT 

 tilt' formal dining room w itll c h a r m i n g a ntique b r a s s c h a n d e l i e r . T h e kitchen, in pale blue with n a tu r a l wood ca b in e ts, p r o v i d e s an u n u s u a l am o u n t of s t o ra g e and counter space, something often ignored in today’s new homes. Among the all-electric kitchen aids is a Litton microw av e oven. Informal dining at one end of the kitchen makes an already large space seem even larger. while an adjoining utility room completes the work space 
A combination study - sitting room is part of the master suite bedroom. A ceiling fan. large d r e s s ­ ing ro o m an d t r e m e n ­ do u s w a lk -111 closet a re just a few of the im p o r­ tant personal co nsidera­ tions incorporated iii the b u ilding of this lovely home. 
Built by 
C a r l t o n 
C h u r c h , the h o u se is priced at $71,5oo and has 

Oaks. 
While y o u ’re in T h o u ­ sand Oaks, stop and visit 
Thousand Oak s Country 
Club to see the m a g n ifi­ cent tennis facilities and 
Health C lid) which can be part of your plans for the future. T h o u s a n d O ak s r e s i d e n t s h a v e s p e c i a l m e m b e r s h i p p ri v il e g e s with c a t e g o r i e s to fit their r e q u i r e m e n t s and budgets. 
T h o u s a n d O a k s c h i l ­ dren enjoy the excellence of scho ols in the North 
Cast District, while p a r ­ ents will love the serenity of country living with the c o n v e n i e n c e of to ta l s h o p p i n g j u s t m i n u t e s a w a y . N o r th S t a r and 
Central P a r k Malls a re only a five-minute drive, and, with completion of the N o rth E x p r e s s w a y , you can be downtown in 
12 minutes. 
To r e a c h T h o u s a n d 
O a k s , d r i v e 5.2 m i l e s north of NAV. Loop 41o via San P e d r o A venue 
2.o45 sq. it. of living plus Other builders are Oreat 
A m e r i c a C o n s t r u c t i o n 
Co., 
O l m o s 
H o m e 
B u i l d e r s . M. A. Scholl 
E n t e r p r i s e s , 
V i c t o r beautiful homes open for O d d e r, Clint Wetlbacher inspection in T h o u s a n d and Peter Sehinker. 

 a two-car garage. Open th is w e e k e n d fr o m IO a rn until d a rk , this is just one of th e m a n y 

 one of the m o r e e s t a b ­ lished neighborhoods in n o r t h e a s t e r n 
B e x a r 
County will featu re the b u i l d i n g - d e v e l o p i n g firm's especially popular housing series this wee­ kend. 
Modeled m C im a r r o n will be Freedom Homes, a s e r i e s which h a s e n ­ joyed tr e m e n d o u s popu­ l a r it y o v e r th e p a s t 3 y e a rs or so. Tho n e ig h ­ borhood itself was intro­ duced about 
I * 2 years ago as a choice location for new homes in the vi­ cinity of Universal City. 

Peace, quiet 

A country and western flavor is what spices Ci­ m a rro n Its frontier set­ ting bo asts an udvanga- geous location not only by virtue of providing a real p a n o r a m a of r o l li n g c ountryside of lulls and trees but also quick, easy d r i v i n g d i s t a n c e s to a good m a n y m a j o r d e s ­ tination points. 

F e a t u r i n g a f f o rd a b ly priced new homes in the 
F re e d o m Homes series, 
C i m a r r o n is a v a l u e - key ed c o m m u n i t y with h o u s e s f a s h io n e d to c o m p l e m e n t its ru s tic, b a c k • to - n a t u r e s u r ­ r o u n d i n g s wInch g u a r ­ antee peace and quiet for all its residents. 
By fa r th e m o s t s u c ­ cessful of the recent re ­ sidential areas in this vi­ cinity, Cimarron also has a location that means no 
San Antonio taxes apply to the new homes in the c o lo r fu l c o m m u n i t y . 
This, of course, calls for 

 quite affordable just by their price range, st a rt­ ing as low as $28,5oo. 
As well, 
C i m a r r o n offers its r e s i d e n t s o p ­ p o r t u n i t i e s to enjoy n e a r b y r e c r e a t i o n a l a m e n i t i e s , in c l u d in g a s w im c lu b , c l u b h o u s e , ’ 
Scout hut and complete p l a y g r o u n d for y o u n g ­ sters. 
Much more is nearby. as well. 
F o r in s ta n c e , C i m a r ­ ron is situated within the p r o g r e s s i v e 
J u d s o n 
School D is t r i c t a n d a l ­ most next door to Kitty 
Hawk Middle School. 
K itty Hawk D riv e , a gateway road for C im ar­ ron. is soon to bi' a ma jor route through a well de­ veloped sector of no rth ­ eastern Bexar County, it is being extende d from 
N E. FVI IWM all the way to 
C r e s t w ay 
D rive, which, in turn, provides quick access to W E . IU 
35 by s u b u r b a n W i n d ­ crest. 
Presently, Kitty Hawk 
Drive le ad s d ir e c tl y to 
Pat Booker Road in Uni­ versal City and its fine shopping facilities, res t a u r a n t s , b a n k s , churches and enter­ tainment sites as well as to the mai n e n ­ 

 trance of Randolph AFB. 
N E. IU 35, also easily a c c ess ib le from C im ar- 

C lA S M fltD W m i T 
C L A IM FMD OI JA LA T 
C L A S S IM fD D I S H A T hidden forest introduces 
THE VIEW 

Y 

Unlimited 
Amentities. 

An exhilarating Sunday morning on the tennis courts. A lazy Sunday af­ ternoon swim in the private pool. A quiet 

 walk in the country air under the oaks. Hilltop views that stretch for miles . . . of the hill country and of the downtown skyline. 
No city taxes. 
Northeast schools. And homes like none you’ve ever seen. 

This is Hidden Forest. 

Custom 
Homes. 

Trees cover these beautiful home sites. 
Stunning cnntemporary split levels with lavish master suites. 
Traditional 
3 and 
I bedrooms, along the creek. 
Luxuriously decorated, yet designed for the live-and-play-at- home familv. 
Unusual tri-levels on wooded hilltop cul-de-sacs overlooking the city. 
Country wooded yards with privacy. Ready for you to move in. 
New 
Hilltop 
Section. 

— 
• 

Call 8284131. 

Custom homes by twelve of San Antonio's finest builders. Excellent con­ ventional financing. 
Priced from $33,(HK). 

Another Denton Development 

Living Here was Never for Everyone 

 c iA m W io o HJh a t 

C iA S S IN tD DISPLAY 

 run, leads, in a matter of m ere m in u te s, to Wind­ sor Park Mall, N E. Loop 
41o and even downtown 
San Antonio. 
-------------- C LA SS i i i D B U H A Y ------------- 

Yet so q u i e t and noise, a resid ent co uld p eacefu l is C i m a r r o n forget, m o m e n ta r il y at that, while en joying all least, that all th e s e a d ­ its serenity c o m p le te ly vantages are so close to excluding any city traffic home. ciAssiniD dmclaT 
C L A tS m ib DI SALAT1 r~ 
YOU CANT BLY 
PEACE OE MIND 
(But You Can Lease It) 

' N 

1o71 Sq. Ft. the 
Spier i i ! 
2 Bedroom 2 Both 

•A couple will find this plan perfectly suited to 

 their growing needs. The master bedroom has 

 an extra large 9 foot walk-in closet, private 

 dressing room and both. W h ile the huge wall-to- 

 wall closet in the second bedroom , linen closet 

 and pantry provide an enorm ous am ount of storage space. There’s form al dining, and a kit­ 

 chen that’s big enough for a snack table. It has 

 a frost free refrigerator, too. The washer-dryer 

 connections are located o ff the deck. A nd the 

 penthouse level has a fireplace, bookshelves 

 and beam ed and vaulted ceiling. 

 first & Second le v e l............... $ 2 1 7 . per month 

Third Floor W/fireplace 
$ 2 3 8 . per month 

UFE Style by Q I LIFE INVESTORS 

 the p e o p le yo u ca n live w ith 

1946 N. E. Loop 41o 
826-2355 

 m m. 
GCI M m o NE) 
IT ALL ADDS UP 
EXCEPT THE PRICE. 

 patio 

 br 3 b2 br 2 

I 

 fam/din/kit 

 mbr bt br 4 

LL 

 bv 

 gar 

 porch 

FREEDOM 
EIGHT 

STANDARD FEATURES 
(NOT OPTIONS!): 

• Three and four bedroom 

• 2 car finished garage 

• 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 

• Rich shag carpeting 

• Appliances— dishwasher, disposal, 
Magic Chef Range 

• Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

• Large closets and storage space 

• Utility rooms (in most designs) 

Friedrich 

CINTO A l AM CONDfTlOMNC 

INSTALLED BY 
GEORGE SMITH, INC. 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

•CC!* 

 m u o n 

W hen M O R T O N / S O U T H W E S T puts a home together 

 we do more than built it well. W e plan it well. You get 

 your ‘‘moneysw orth" in MORI living space for your 

 dollar, MORE enjoyment extras, MORE energy e f­ 

 ficiency, NO MORE rent increases, tax deductions on 

 your house paym ents — - MORE confidence in your home purchase. 

ALL THIS IN C IM A R R O N FOR O N LY 
*32,95o? 

CIMARRON is a new place to live in northeast San 

Antonio. It’s aw ay from the noise o f the city. I fs a 

 good place to relax. Cim arron is situated in a co u n ­ 

 tryside location surrounded by rolling hills. Yet, it s 

 convenient to schools (they’re building the new Kitty 

Hawk Junior High School right now), shopping, and I- 

35. And it’s filled with some of the most practical, 

 value pocked homes in San Antonio. 

MODELS O PEN DAILY ’TIL DUSK 
658-4793 

8 % V A FINANCING 
NOTHING DOWN VA 
FHA, CONV. AVAIL. 
NO PAYMENT ’TIL JULY 

, 
- ' l i f H i t f r r " r i M w i r ' ' w w j d i I V . 

 mortem southwest 

(O U T O F T O W N C A LL C O LLECT) 

WRITE: P .O . B O X 1 8 4 2 8 

S A N A N T O N I O , TEXAS 7 8 2 8 6 

The Michael Billingsley family explores their future homeaite with 

En erg y- C rafted H om es p ro v e big Success in R o y a l Rid ge 

T h e e x e it in ii KUccfNt o f 
(Alii B i l l i e I* ex i«Jfl»eeil lite p o p u l a r it y til tilt* a n io n 
Hornet* anti lite 
A in 11« hat h 
-I \ It- u n i t i n g f o r tilt* liupy ex* u l i v e o r t h e a c ti v e retir* 
I fa m ily w o k i n g a q u a il- o f life free fro m I Ii** 
■utljjerv o f large lax* ii* hi the relate*! ro o t” an il 
- o h l'iiiv 

W hile manx hom e i* lier’* are x»anliug to 
•fluee the xxork loail oi amt.lin in g a hip 
X aril iii the h igh to rt o f lilitie* that are inherent itll manx oilier hom e*. lex tin not 
Maut to 

 i i rifii t’ 
11 ria 111 \ in t on- ruction nor the lixahilitx 
I a hom e Im iIt to xt-rx ex- 
•ting M iitulanl*. 

I h e 
P a tio 
H o m e * am i ie t , a n h n 
H o m e * o f o x a l 
B u lg e h a t e pro- nleil a M’rioii* a lt e r n a t iv e 
> h ig h io»t» a m i large aril*. I lie hu»\ e x e c u t i v e as f o u m l t i m e to he w ith i* I a 11111 x in -le a il o i b e in g 
••lave to hi* xaril. T h e a r ­ vo r e tir e d fa n iilx eau 
•axel o r p u r s u e hi* iv o r it e sp o r t o r p a s tim e n o v i in g th a i Iii* h o m e re- u ire* a i i n m i i m m o f la iiite n a n e e . 

I lie v a lu e bu ilt in to ai h h o m e bx 
W im h rest fox t i o p i i i c u l 
(a ir n , h a * ga in p r o v e n that th ere t» ii M i m t i t i i l f fo r ti na I it \ 

Ic * p i * 

 p 
, ■ 
I* - I r j - " ' 

 dmmg 

 t - r 

2o3o SQ FT. 

Royal 
R M & e 

 and the exjw n o m e of 
(•milling: lu r p eop le that are eom e rn e il about th e ir inx e*tm i‘ut. 

R o y a l 
R i d g e i* nleallx 
Im ati lt m ar 
NX in d o o r 
P a r k 
M a l l a n d 
I* iii th e p re s t ig io u s 
\ o r t h e a - t 
I n ileiN -nd eut 
S c h o o l 
Ih * - trirt. It h a * ea-v a i l * - * to f o r t S a m l l o u - t o n . 
H a m 
M oi,ill M i l a u d all id S a n 
\ l i t o n i n x ta 
I I I t ”> anil the * x | iri-*w a x system . 

S E C O N D F L O O R 

 ll von have not 
*a*en the m o ilin g new thing* going on in (bixa! Ridge, drive north on I I I T V exit south on ti t m in or H oad to Hoxal R id ge D riv e (J block*), and billow til** 
M o del H o m e -ign*. O p e n d u d x 
1o-7. F or m ore in ­ form ation call b a h - office) or t>r>."»-2 hi I 
(m ain o ilie r), 

D 
"on't be surprised if someone tells you how treat your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handffnished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburn- ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each nullity is minutes excellent schools, com mum t f m m 
• 
*najor shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com­ munities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. just ask any of our home­ owners. 
GREAT AM ER ICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

C1ASWWP PUBAX-----------------------st A w n ip P t m * r _______________ c u x tsm to p a w ** 
...________ ctAtM oropAw x r 
New ideas by Great 
America 

Burns Co. representative John McRae, standing, and Century 21 
Moneysavers Realtors Don Burroughs and Peggy Matthews in the soon-to-open Burns Co. site of “Power Saver" homes in the northeastern community of Royal Ridge. Michael and Diane, with children Rebecca and Scott, are the first San Antonio family to choose one of the Royal Ridge lots for a new Burns Co. home. 
Burns Co. starts 
‘Power Savers’ in Royal Ridge 

It’s not even built yet, but the Michael Billings­ ley family is taking no chances with their new home site in 
Royal 
Ridge. 
The fam ily got the jump on San Antonio this week to be the first fa­ mily in town to select a 
Burns Co. home location in the part of the com­ munity where the firm is to start building. 
Among hills 

The 128-tract portion of the community, sche­ duled to begin con­ struction in April with new homes ready for oc­ cupancy in June, peace­ fully sits among the wooded rolling hills of the northeastern San An­ tonio areas. 
The roads, as yet un­ paved, gently sweep through the site, follow­ ing the natural contours of the land to preserve as much of the natural set­ ting as possible. Hilltop sites offer a splendid view of the San Antonio sky­ line by day and a twin­ kling array of distant city lights by night. 
This quiet, spacious countryside setting was 

 lust what Diane Billings­ ley wanted for the chil­ dren. Plus, she added, the location is minutes away from the fam ily’s place of worship, her husband’s positions at 
Fort Sam Houston, ex­ cellent schools for Scott and Rebecca and majior shopping and entertain­ ment facilities for the whole family. 
The Billingsley family came to San Antonio from West Point only three months ago, when 
Michael accepted a resi­ dency in oral surgery at 
Brooke Arm y M edical 
( enter. The whole family fell in love with the cli­ mate and friendliness of the Alamo City and de­ cided to make this their permanent home. 
Rather than rent. M i­ chael and Diane knew the advantages of investing in home ownership. And after shopping over San 
Antonio’s homebuilders, they chose the Burns Co. to build their first home. 
Why 
Burns? 
Their commitment to energy conservation, say M i­ chael and Diane. 
Every Burns Co. home is built with the proven 

Ct a.iisiymid pf xyt at 

Great den, 
Neat Eubanks! 

“ Power S a v e r" con­ struction techniques to d rastically reduce the major cause of increased utility bills: air infiltra­ tion. 

The Burns Co. seals every house during se­ veral stages of construc­ tion to elim inate the unnecessary flow of air into or out of the home. 
This flow, which tests have proven, accounts for 
41 per cent of heating and cooling costs. Extra in­ sulation, double glass windows and power ven­ tilators are all standard. 

The Burns Co. “ Power 
S a ver" home collection features exciting options in design and size to meet the needs of any fa- m ily or lifestyle. The 
Billin g sleys have just about settled on one plan, and having so many to choose from enabled them to get just what they dreamed of. 

The Burns Co. invites all prospective home­ owners to see the ad­ vantages of owning a 
“ Power Saver” home in 
The G reat Northwest, 
Hidden Forest or Royal 
Ridge. 
Sales offices are open d aily, except W ednes­ days, in 
The 
Great 
Northwest, north of N.W 
Loop 41o on Culebra Road to FM 471. and Hidden 
Forest, located off B it­ ters Road, north of NAV 
Loop 41o on Blanco Road. 
And. for a personal sneak preview of the 
Burns Co.’s homesite* in 
Royal Ridge, phone the com pany’s representa­ tives. 
* otm ir----- 

Am erica homes from 
$63,ooo to $115,ooo and is located off Vance Ja c k ­ son Road north of NAV 
Loop 41o. 
Also in northwestern 
San Antonio, Forest Oaks 
Estates offers Great 
Am erica homes from 
$45,5oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the community by d riv­ ing north on Evers Road off NAV. Loop 41o Great 
Am erica’s newest com­ munity, Elm Creek, is located off Lockhill-Sel- ma Road north of YVurz- bach Road and features new homes from $85,ooo 
In northern San Anton­ io, new Great Am erica homes are available in 
Thousand Oaks, off San 
Pedro Avenue, from 
$59,ooo to $75,(HK) Hidden 
Forest, off Bitters Road in the rolling hills of north central San Anton­ io, offers new homes from $36.(MMI to $75,ooo 
The Oaks in San Pedro 
Hills, with tree-covered lots overlooking down­ town San Antonio, fea­ tures G reat Am erica homes from $49,7oo to 
$6o,ooo V isit the com ­ munity 4.5 miles north of 
NAV. Loop 41o off San 
Pedro Avenue. 
Real estate course set at college 

Reservations are now open for an eight-night course entitled “ Basic 
Fundam entals of Real 
Estate” tieing offered by the American College of 
Real Estate through the 

What makes the really great homes in San An­ tonio Great 
Am erica homes? 
It’s quality built homes with exciting design fea­ tures that say personali­ ty 
Combination 
They arc the homes that surpass excellence to combine the unexpect­ ed with true quality and elicit “ oohs and ahs” from prospective home- buyers. 
Features include soar­ ing vaulted ceilings that sometimes extend beyond second-story liv­ ing areas; balconies thai overlook beautfiful views outdoors and over-hang spacious living areas in­ doors; and woodburning fireplaces with highl> creative and unusual brick treatm ent. 
A ll cause excitement among visitors. 
Overhead skylights open up unexpected a r­ eas; multi-levels distin­ guish rooms without res­ tricting space; and glass panels and atriums add dramatic dimensions to living areas by bringing home and environment together as one. 
Every room is detailed with careful attention to quality, design, styling, practicality and energy efficiency. But al) have a pizazz of their own. whether inside or out. 
Because every Great 
Am erica home is de­ signed for its own home­ site. no two are alike. 
Custom finishing and de­ sign options let your 
Great Am erica home reflect even more of your Continuing Education personality and lifestyle. Division of St. M a ry ’s 
You w ill find Great 
Am erica homes in San 
Antonio’s finest com ­ munities. In northwes­ tern San Antonio, visit 
Park Forest, off Lock* hill-Selma Road north of 
Wurzbuch Road, where homes range from 
$59,ooo to $1oo,ooo. Hid­ den Creek features Great 

 euannawipuv 

U niversity beginning 
Monday, April 4 
Course 1o1 will meet in 
Room 3oo of the Continu­ ing Education Building on the evenings of April 
4-13 and April 18. The exam ination w ill be given A p ril 19 
Class hours are from 6 to IO p.m. 
' 
‘ tUrtiWc powjxT 
NORTHWOOD 

 a j a f M m a a pa r t m en t s 
FRO M 

•IO O A K S 

*165 
*31o 

A L I UTILITIES 
PA ID 

8315 N. VANDIVER 
896.5531 
OFF LOOR 4 1o N .I. 

Visit R o ya l R id ge T o d a y — 
Q u ality Is the Difference! 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 

This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

I ’m Bud d y Burns. And I d like to shed some light on your old home It your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it 's obsolete 
That 'n right nhsnh’lc. Be cause at the tim e your home was built, there xx ere virtually no energy a Hi tie n e v standards As a result, m any San Antonians are laced w ith u tility hill* that max soon exceed their house payments' 

 h« nix xx ants to bti\ a hom e xx here tlu cost ot heating and cooling exceeds the monthly paym ents 
M y advice is this \\ ah tin m oney you can make by si Ding your old home right now von 

 i tin I'n >b,ihl\ m iikc lilt- th r n t i pox lit) iii ,md move into ,i new 
H um x ( < i Hi in i t \,n < r 
In mn• tOil,i\ 
And', xx Ink your holist paxnii ms may he a little liiglu r, the lower utility hills should easily offset the diHcrcnei 
The 
• mix thing you t n u t afford to do is xx .ut m uch longer 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood burning fireplaces Big, bught 
"xx He saver'’ kuchens, xx itll 
General M eem e appliances and plenty of cabinet storage L u sh nous baths w ith marble vanities and lull su e tubs Anil elegant master suites, xx itll xx alk iii i losets and separate dressing arias Priced from Sift,IMH) to sos,IKM) I or additional intorma 
Hon, call the area sales office’ 
I see map', or your realtor Re member, the longer von xxait. the more you stand to lose 

VV b x N O W Is The l im * 'Jo B u n . 
Let 'n look at tin tacts S u m you invested i i i your home a tew years ago. tw o things have hap pi ned I or one. you've K en m aking house pax incuts tor sex ira! years, so xour <•»/mn has crow n Too, s m ii the cost ut building a new home has stead 

11x increased, the inst ot i, /•/,/< rug your home has increased 
BU I because your old home isn ’t energy efficient it wastes valuable energy And believe ii or not. homeow ners around the country arc actually beginning t o /oNi money xx hen the \ sill their older homes Because no 

Come See My Hom es Im lay. lak e a few m inutes this after­ noon to see m y new Pow er 
Saver homes i i i Hidden I orest and The Great Northw est 
You ll sec handsome bx mg atlas, xx uh plush deep pile carpet. Im m u n e finished panel 

-it a l/ 

San Antonio EXPR E SS-N E W S— Sunday March 27 I 977 
CIASSJKIID WBPIAY 
CLASSI* ITO o t m * T 
I 

 v. 
- va"*. 
.. . xw: 
“'"^n'v'X^ \ S **' V ' V t1 

 r n # 

THUNDERBIRD ESTATES homes featured by Cornelius firm 
Thunderbird area offers best 

Justly called “ Iho last of tho groat locations," 
T h u n d e r b ir d E s ta te s , even an es tab lish e d neighborhood in tho northwestern quadrant of 
San Antonio proper, still offers new homes at prices today's family can afford without m ak in g great sacrifices. 
As well, these homes, three- and four-bedroom rn design, are ready for th e ir im m e d ia te o c c u ­ pancy. T hey ran g e in p rice from as low as 
$33,65o upw ard to only 
$36,ooo. Interest rates of 8 per cent are offered on 
VA and FUA financing term s. Conventional fin­ ancing is available, too. 

6oo(1 W hite Cloud 
A good example Thun­ derbird Estates homes, soundly built by veteran 
^craftsman H P. Orts, is at HiUiH White Cloud 
Typifying the O rts home in many ways. this a d d r e s s fe a tu re s a paneled den. formal din­ ing room, u a lk -in clo ­ sets, finished two-car garage. Carrier central heat and air condition­ ing, rear patio and Fri- gidaire appliances in the kitchen. 
Located well within 
Loop 41 it. T hun d erb ird 
Estates is bordered by well known thnroiigh- cUssinco oHH AV ‘ 

 fares Ingram, Callaghan and 
B a ndera 
Hoads. 
They yield easy access to the Southwest Research 
Institute. South Texas 
Medical Center, Roger 
Executive ( enter. Meth­ odist and V eterans Ad­ m inistration hospitals, 
Kelly and 
Lackland 
AFBs, a m u lt itu d e of shopping c e n te rs , r e s ­ taurants and e ntertain­ ment spots and other major destination points 

The neighborhood is w ithin the p referre d 
N o rth sid e School Dis­ tric t, and all levels of education are nearby. 
The exclusive m arket­ ing agent for Orts homes in Thunderbird Estates is C ornelius & Asso­ ciates, Real Estate. The firm 's owner, Walt Cor­ nelius, invites other b ro k ers to p a rticip a te and cooperate in sales in this area. 
Starts brighten picture 

SPtCIAl TO THI GOLDIN TWINS 
WASHINGTON - Ro­ bert Arquilla, president of the National Associa­ tion of Home Builders, has announced housing statistics for February as 
“ bright rays of sunshine breaking through a dull 
Winter.” 
Housing s t a r t s last month rebounded to an annual rate of 1,791,oo11 units with the single-fa­ mily rate moving up to 
1,422,ooo units, second highest monthly rate on record. 
‘K n co u ra g in g ’ 
“The starts rate, com­ bined with the jum p in the building p erm its 

ClAi IiTO6T5II#tA Y------------ 

 rate, and the reports of high ra te s of sales in single-family homes are very encouraging." the 
Chicago home builder said. 
Arquilla noted that multi family starts were still poor, putting a drag on the overall housing market. But, he pointed out that the multi-family permits — indicators of futu re activity — rose from an annual rate of 
281.ooo units in January to 341,ooo units in F e ­ bruary. 
“ It would be hoped that soon we will see a sub­ stantial pickup in apart­ ment building activity,” 
Arquilla said ciAssirilb win ay----------- 

Liberty Homes introducing latest series 

 kWE START WITH A PATIO AND 

A T W O B E D R O O M F L A T 

M F A A T F O R S H A R I N G 

L iberty hom es are showing this weekend in 
Forrest Glen. 
The L iberty Homes firm chose to build in 
Forrest Glen because the rustic neighborhood is part of the grow ing n o rth w estern p a rt of 
Bexar County. This site features countryside sur­ roundings, city conven­ iences and, in the near future, an amenity area of its own. 
Price range 
Liberty Homes offers a reasonable price range for its F o rre st Glen houses. It spans from an esp ecially affo rd a b le se ries s ta rtin g at only 
$29.9o(1 upward to more modified homes offered for only $4o.iH)o. 
Each Liberty home is designed with three bed­ rooms and two baths 
Each also has a two-car garage. 
To m ake 
L iberty homes even m ore affor­ 

 dable to today’s family on the way up, their at­ tractive setting in For­ rest Glen is outside any city limits but neverthe­ less has full use of city utilities. No city taxes are figured into monthly payments due on Liberty homes in Forrest Glen 
Liberty H om es c a r e ­ fully s u p e rv is e s con­ struction of all its houses, from the very beginning to the finish of the po­ lished product. No sacri­ fice of quality or luxury has been m ade which would red u ce costs in build in g , d e s p ite the houses’ most reasonable price range 
L ib erty H om es asks you to compare and see for yourself. T he firm maintains that you will see more square footage for the price than in other hom es for w hich you would spend the same. 
In fact. Liberty Homes provides buyers with a g u a r a n te e ag a in s t de­ 

 fects in workmanship or m a te ria ls s u rfa c in g within one year from the date of the m o rtg a g e loan’s closing. 
Homes by Liberty have two full baths, shag car­ peting. an ap p lian ce package that includes dishwashers, disposers, 
Magic Chef ranges and ovens and, in som e, woodburning fireplaces. 
These homes also are built im lots with drain­ age designed by a regis­ tered professional engin­ eer. Soil conditions have been checked by a regis­ tered professional engineer who designed the foundation to con­ form to those conditions. 
The foundation is HIO per cent w aterproofed with polyethylene m em ­ brane to help retard con­ densation. Lopper water lines are used in the foundation 
Forrest Glen is strate­ gically placed at Culebra and Grissom Roads. 

W hat m akes L Atriums unique is the floorplan. L ami I - shaped living areas are built A HO I NI) A com pletely em los- e«l patio or atrium. Sliding glass walls and spacious picture w indow s provide the ultim ate in indoor-outdoor living. 
° one lives above or below you. Many apartm ents even haw a separate utility room with washer-dryer connections. 
ONE. TWO AND Til KEE BEDROOMS. UNFURNISHED 
ALL Bl ELS PAID 

L’A T R Iin viS O F 

/ S I N N A M O N * 

9 2 1 4 D artbrook Drive 
6 9 6 -o 1 4 6 

 lU(Kf D AWAY 
AMONG TM IRKS 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IN IO 
AQUI 11 FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
69o-17oo 
49o9 WOODSTOCK 

Location to 
Fit Your Needs 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 
CALL 225-7411 

 a y i > \ 

I it 
^ \ 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
69o-832o 
C H A N G IN G CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

© 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOM E 

 u n f o r g e t t a b l e A S ITS NA M E 
COMVINMMI IOC ADON ANO UKKfllJ PAID 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
828-7393 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

 a r t ' 

E r r * * * 

■ tKSh/.b* 
QUFtMVESTOftS 

A FAN> M i M S . 

9 5 2 5 L O R IN E 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 ySNONPOINT 

H O M ESTYIE APARM ENT 
LIV IN G 
451 5 Gardendale 
691-1o44 

O E I M I R A D A 

A P T S . 

Quiet Adult Apts 

3243 
Nacogdoches 
656-o188 
Wakefield-Stardust 
O 
A p artm en ts 
I , 2, 3 B edroom A pts. 
$1 8o-535o 
C onvenient to all N. Side lo catio n s 
85o6 Wakefield 
(Acron Soc tor (rom N. Star Mall) 
344-4558 
A MAC M anaged Property 

° Bb M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• “Complete ' Ail electric kitchens 

• Washer Dryer 
Connec Dons 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vance Jackson 

COUNTRY CLUB 
A PA RTM EN TS 

Nil ideal Ideation 
Next lo I yrtle I reek 
(intl t tuir-e 

Hit IO I .Ii» li.iv t i* lim * 

9 The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different Floor plans — • 
All with patios 
Priced From $215 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
3 4 1 -2 2 2 8 
_______________A M AC M n n 
< P r a p a r fy ______________ 

A IA R T M C H T L l V IM C 

I & 2 Bd. Apts. 
Prom SI 7o 
APABTMtNTS 

T e r r a 

A lta 

I URN S UNI URN 

1o1*1 IG R IQ U P U S 

AND d U U IN lS 

411 EVEREST 
828-533o 

NOB 
HIU 
AAA RTM SNTS 

Nob Hill Apod intuit oH IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1211 

©FRENCH CHALET 
165o JACKSON KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APART M ENT 
C O M M U N IT Y 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

JJarfc C a u m e 
*M*(mt(rt Community 
1Y MONITORED SECURITY-GARDIN PBIIOS 
LUXURIOUS (LUI ROOM—GYM i SAUNAS 
I 2 3 AD* 
1 4 j b a t h 
$185 S2/S (turn Add ) UTILITIES PO 
ZOU BANDERA to 
434 4191 
Aotwoon Hi Mc roil 4 Callaghan 
A UA Iou Apartment Com mum tv 

* 
SO U TH SEA 
A P A R T M E N T S 

LEISURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 

IIANCO AT JACKSON KU H R 
/S43 SOUTH SEA LANI 
341-6251 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IN lowest 
69o-ooo1 

I Im * 4*4ill iii h Im -j iii*H ill 
\»*w IlfeNlylt* 

12221 Blanco Road 
4 9 2 -2 1 7 1 
8 JNi 
SUnFUUKR 
APA a i 
You owe if to yourself to see our apartments 

2SS4 Northeast loop 41o 
656-1222 

© 
The 
BRITT 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COmmU 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK Off LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MAH 

IGO7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 -31 2 6 

Q 
LA PLAZA APTS. 
“TENNIS W ORLD 
: 
CM* 
* 
““"SWS* »r»*iiMMn 
I 
WNOOl* SU* Hi VICI 
• -Orin na* aho titian run hah aha lls N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

® ( t»‘a toe o c Ba 
___ 
8 north 

APARTMENTS 
Country Living in the City 
AM? Sering Branch 
V 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

I bedroom 
Apii now fumuhod or ‘ 
Unfumisntd 

A md** north of loop 41o tun loft at 
Spring tim* 

^ 
S q u a r e 
\|>arltii«‘iit- 
I. 2. .‘S bedroom apl*. 
( .HIX IIM III ll, I ort -MMI J,Mi H .•■idol).ll 

I I 11 \u-1ill Mw S . 
H2B-I 1o3 
_______ A MAC M— «qd Prepay________ 

 w WATER 
SCAPED 
APARTMENTS 

 a d tho iP le r 

1946 N L. Loop 41o 
BEE Style b y 
(Harry Wuuboth Exit) 
Q UFf INVESTORS 
826 2355 

I U , 
NORTHEAST 

Q j « '\ » i 1 e r n o c e 

 w P p a r * t r r » ® n U 
• Jr. I Ba Oro alw a 
4 lM(wr«t**.od 
• Ona Oat* aam lor (or o 
« laundry 
• two Bo dreamt 
• lay,!, private Falla 
6 5 6 -2 1 1 6 ti OB Glen terrace (low lo Randolph Al* 

 ountry \ illage 
\|» a rln ieu l- 
I. J. 'I (lr ll DM nil. 
H-ltiJ. feting 
| 
*),„ from $16 o 
H I lit I itm iirv S i Ila LM 
82K-.>72I 
A MAC Momoeod Property 

NOK THI A ST ARIA 

 t f a r r i n t ? l a z a 

I A 2 D D R . A T O W N H O U S E S 
Gordon ap l! 
—'lh <leon well kepi lpm 'Oui ground!, polloi. boUonn-t pool. wolk lo ihop ping, IfCilu'el ptul 

P « r r ln -a * lta l R d. 
6 5 5 - 7 1 1 * 

NORTHGATE 

539 ElEANOft 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

The Aristocrat Apts. 
Modern I Rd. Apii. 
SI75 Unfurnished - $19o Furnished 
Convenient to All Southside locations 
SSS Hutchins 
927-4141 
9 
Pork 
Village: 
A IM TI mr III- W 

® 
Sl a tm ta lc e d 
AN ADULT APARTMENT COMMUNITY 
A U AM I NI Tits • O N BUS LINt • DNL 
BlOCk ID O M ST MARY S o O N I BlOCk 
(R O M SHO PPING • (U BN A DD I 
I 2 A J BDR 
$18o lo $245 
UTHITIES PAID 
33o1 W WOODLAWN 434 9394 
A felt toss »►** -IMI IO—until 

 a WINDSOR PARK MAU a MORINI AST SCHOOLS a tURNISHID OR 
UNI UR NI SHED 
PAID UTIUTHS 
PSI VAT! RADOS 
POOLS I PARTY ROOM 
4B36 Roy Bon Dnvo 
6 5 3 -7 3 o o 

The 
Catonian 

3939 frodorichsburg Rd 

7)2-9611 oUF«mSTC#s 

C o m e out tod ay and let our apartm en ts be the center of your w orld! 
Efficiencies,, I, 
2, 3 b e d ro o m s and tow nhouses. (All util­ ities paid). Rents start at S I 8 5 /m o n th . 

M aison de V ille 

344-9158 

1ooo JACKSON-KHIM HOAD 

BUILD 
YOUR 
HOME 
AROUND 
IT 

W a n t 

A d s 
C A U 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

( A N N O U N C E M E N T S ) [ ©* ] 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES 

HOURS 

8 A .M . to 
5:3o P.M. 

M O N D A Y thru FRID AY 

ANNOUNCIMINTI 

12o BIOS & PROPOSALS 

Top co sh gold for y o u r o ld n rw to o p e n end corrugoted 81S 
Cerote* A PCO P A P E R STOCK 

U O R IV E O UR C A R S 

ANY C IT Y S H A R E G A S 

N A T , INC 

___________ (713) »*o 1o3o____________ I 

WALL TO WALL CARPETS 

Contractor hot large quantity o quality carpel and pod left from various lobs Will tell cheap and install 

828 32o5 
Or 
826 178o 

WHI Irantlate your Gorm an 

_ I— r n a i l < ) s s S ) / _ _ _ _ 

114 ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE 

2o1 • REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 - REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

T Oft 
N r tonolt 
1o7— Iw dno il RortonoU 
1oS— Lost and Found 
11o 
Spacial Nosiest 

11 7 - Pro to ttlo w o l N osiest 
I I 4 
Entortoinmont 

111 ' to d g o N osiest 
I 7 o — Bids A Pro p osals 
I 2 2 — O fficia l Pub lications 
I 2 4 — Lago I N otices 

■ (A l (STA T! 
W s ! 

2o1 — B o o l Estate N otices 
2 o 2 — O p en Houses 
2 o 4 - P ro p e rty O ut of 

Tow n 

2 o b — Co nd om inium s— 

T ow nhouses 

2o A— Apartments, 

D up lexes 

2 1 o 
H o uses— N orth s a st 
2 1 2 — H o uses— N o rth w e s t 
21 A— M ouses— S o u th e ast 
216— 
H ouses— So u th w e st 

2 I B — Mouses M o v e d and 
W ra c k e d 

2 2 o — Mouses for Trad e 
2 2 4 — H ouses. Sole or 

R an t 
2 2 6 — Suburban 
P r o p e rty — A cre a g e 

2 2 B — Beso rt P ro p e rtie s 
2 3 o — Lots 
231 — In vestm e n t 

P ro p e rty 

2 3 2 — Farm s and Ranches 
2 3 4 — Form s an d Ranches 

 fo r Rent 

2 3 6 — C o m m ercial 
P ro p e rty — S ale 

2 3 B — C o m m ercial 
P ro p e rty (L e a s e ) 
2 AO— C o m m ercial 
P ro p e rty (W a n te d ) 

2 4 2 — Ind ustrial P ro p e rty 

 fo r Sole 

2 4 4 — Ind ustrial P ro p e rty 

 fo r Lease 

2 4 6 — In d u strial P ro p e rty 

W o n te d 

2 4 B — O ffice Sp ace for 

2 5 o — O ffice Sp ace 

W a n te d 

2 5 2 — B o o l Estate Se ll or 

Exchange 
2 5 4 — R e a l Estate W a n te d 
2 5 6 — R e a l Estate lo o n s — N o tes 
2 5 5 — R e a l Estate lo a n s 

W a n te d r 
■INT A IS 

3 o 2 — M o b ile H o m es far 

R en t 
4o1 — A p artm e n ts turn. 
4 o 2 — H o u se ke e p in g Apt. 

Fum . 
4 o 4 — A p artm en ts, U nfum . 
4 o 6 — Houses. D u p le x e s— 

 furnished 

4 o B — Houses, D u p le x e s— 

U nfurnished 

4 1 o — Hustles, R e n t or Sell 
4 1 2 — Room s, Furnished 
4 1 4 — Room s, U nfurnished 
4 1 6 — Room s w ith B o a rd 
4 1 8 — W o n t to R e n t or 

M r 
& 
Mrs 
Kenneth fc 

Brown proudly announce the arrival of their baby 
G IR L 
Denise 
Eileen, 
IO lbs., I o i born M arch 14, 
1977 

Mr 
& Mrs. John F 
Corona 

 proudly announce the ar rival of their baby 
B O Y : 
John Joseph, III, 5 lbs., 14 
OZ. born M arch 15, 1977 

M r. & Mrs. Robert I horror 

 proudly announce the ar­ rival of their baby 
G IR L 
Donna Lynn, 7 lbs , 4 oz born M arch I I , 1977. 

M r & Mrs. Dennis D Husch 

 proudly announce the ar­ rival of their baby 
B O Y : 
Jason Ed w ard, 8 lbs 
IO oz born M arch 16. 1977 

1 > 
I- l> 
J ’ 
I 

I ’ 
1 - 
1 
]> l> 
I 
]> 
I ' 
I - 
>► 

I 

Mr. 
& 
Mrs 
Rogelio 
M . j , 

Rongel, 
Jr proudly an j ( nounce the arrival of their j , 

 boby 
G IR L: 
Veronica | , 
Ranqel, 7 lbs. 
8 oz. born | . 
M arch I I , 1977. 
J- 
I - 
To P lace i 
A n n o u n c e m e n t 
C a ll 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
!: 

* 

Mr 
& Mrs 
A ntonio Nunez, 

Jr proudly announce the ar rival a l their b ab y B O Y ; An 

 tomo 111, 7 lbs 6'/x oz. born 

M arch 16, 1977 

Mr 
& 
Mrs 
M o n o 
Jose 
Prado proudly announce the 

 arrival of their b ab y B O Y i 
M ario Josue, 6 lbs., 6V t oz. born February 13, 1977. 

M . 

C H A R T E R 
Y O U R 
O W N 

F LIG H T * Business trips, fishing trips, you (tame it. W s 'll tty it! 
I N I 347)_______________________ 
12o BIDS I PROPOSALS 

FR'W 'fr'A -tk'R '-R -'tk'RW -A 'frik-fr'fr'A 'A 'R'A ^-frtkA -fr-fr-A -R- dr* 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

N O T IC E OF S C H O O L E L E C T IO N 
FOR THE CONVENIENCE Of THE VOTERS LIVING IN THE HARLANCALE IN­ 
DEPENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT, THE HARIANDAIE INDEPENDENT SCHOOL 
DISTRICT TRUSTEE ELECTION AND THE CITY Of SAN ANTONIO COUNCIL 
AND MAYORAL ELECTION WILL BE HELD JOINTLY. THE ELECTIONS WILL BE 
HELD ON SATURDAY, APRIL 2, 1977, AND PERSONS LIVING IN THE HISD 
AND THE FOLLOWING PRECINCTS WILL VOTE IN BOTH THE CITYELECTION 
AND THE HISD TRUSTEE ELECTION AT THE FOLLOWING POLLING PLACES: 
PRECINCT 
POLLING PLACE 

12o 
STONEWALL ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 8o4 STONEWALL 
121 
HARLANDALE CIVIC CENTEB, 11S WEST SoUTHCRoSS 
122 
COLUMBIA HEIGHTS, ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 161o FITCH 

124 
COLLIER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 834 WIST SoUTHCRoSS 
125 
RAYBURN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 635 RAYBURN 
127 
VESTAL ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 1111 WIST VESTAL PLACE 

128 
GILLETTE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 62 S GUIETTE BLVD. 
416 
MORRILL WARD SCHOOL, ANNEX, GREENWOOD 8 EAST SAYERS 
417 
FIRE STATION #71 , SS37 SOUTH FLORES 
436 
SCHIH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 9o6 MARCH 
437 
HARLANDALE MIDDLE SCHOOL, 3oo WEST HUFF 
438 
ODD FELLOWS LODGE **25. 672o SOUTH FIORES 

439 
BELLAIRE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. 142 EAST AMBER 

44o 
GOODWILL INDUSTRIES, 3822 PLEASANTON ROAD 
441 
SCHULZE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 9131 YETT 
46o 
GUBERT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL (FORMERLY MISSION EHMEN 
TARY SCHOOL), 931 EAST SoUTHCRoSS 

VOTERS LIVING IN THE HISD IN THE FOLLOWING PRECINCTS W ill VOTE IN 
THE HISD ELECTION AT THE FOLLOWING POLLING PLACES: 

PRECINCT 
POLLING PLACE 

123 
COLUMBIA HEIGHTS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 161o FITCH 
126 
COLLIER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 834 WEST SoUTHCRoSS 
129 
GUIETTE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. 625 GILLETTE BLVD 
148 
GUIETTE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 625 GILLETTE BLVD. 
BUT THEY MUST VOTE IN THE CITY ELECTION IN THE FOLLOWING PLACES: 
123 
FIRE STATION **2S, 2242 WEST SoUTHCRoSS 
126 
SANYO. 6819 SOUTH ZARZAMoRA 
129 
KINDRED ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, 7811 KINDRED 
148 
ANTONIO OLIVARES ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, U SO GUIETTE 
AVENUE 

Seolcd tmh will be received by tbs 
City Clerk, City Hail, until 2 OO P IM 
April S, 1977, to furnish th* City of 
Son Antonio ond Senor County with the following items on onnuoi ton trod bosis os pet bid loons in th* 
Purthosing Deportment 

Air Conditioning Maintenance • 
City Hall, City Hall Annex, Police 
Deportment, 
Municipal 
Court 
Biog , Public Welfor# Bldg ond 
Germon English School Bldg , Ait 
Conditioning 
Maintenance 
Metropolitan Health District: Ah 
Conditioning 
Mointenonc* 
Multi Service (enters, Air (on ditioning Maintenance ■ Forks ond 
Recreation 
Deportment: 
Armored Cor Service. Auto and 
Truck 
Broke 
Shoes and/oc 
Unions, Blow Knox Bovina Ports and Service, (leaver Brooks and 
Etnyr* Ports ond Service: Or/ Dog 
Food, Fwd I tort ck ond Davis 
Equipment Ports ond Servlet, Heil 
Got hope 
Body and 
Auxiliary tngine Ports and Service, Hi 
Ranger, 
Stahl, 
Daybook. 
Knopheid. Galion Body Ona Tymco 
Ports ond Service, International 
Tractor Ports ond Service: John 
Deere Ports ond Service; IPG 
Equipment Ports ond Sonnet, Of hoof Publications, Pointing ond 
Body Repair of Trucks; Pamphlet 
Service; Porgo Golf (ort Ports and 
Service, Phonograph Records 

JOHN W BROOKS, COP 
Director of Purchasing ond (entrol Supply 

WW GEORGE 
County Purchasing Agent 

S E A L E D B IO S will be re c e iv e d ' bv the Director ol Business Se r v ic e s of E d u c a tio n 
S e r v i c e ' 

Center, Region 2o for the p u r ­ chase of D A T a p r OC E S S IN G 
CO N TIN UO US F O R M S until 3 OO p m .. April 21, 1977 Itemized de tails wilt be on file and availab le upon request in the Pu rch a sin g 
Office, Education Service Center, 
Region 2o. ISSO N 
E 
Loop 41o. 

San 
A n to n io. 
T e x a s a t te r 

Wednesday, Moron 3o. 1977. 
June Patton, 

Purchasing Agent 

The Ed g e w o o d in d e p e n d e n t 
School D istrict will re ceive bids ] until I 3o PM , April 4. 1977 for 
(2) Pickup Trucks, ( I ) Van Body ' 
T iu ik For further inform ation, please contact: Pu rch a s in g De portm ent, S3SB W 
C o m m e rce , | 

Son Antonio. Texas, 78237. Tele phone 433-o8o1. 
The Ed g e w o o d 
In d e p e n d e n t 

School D istrict will re ce ive bids until 7 PM , April 4, 1977 tor I ye ar ] contract on: Pest Control S e rvice 
For further inform ation, p lease | contact. Purchasing Deportm ent. 
S3S8 W Commerce. San Antonio. ; 
T e x as, 
78237. 
T e le p h o n e 
433-o8o1.____________________________ 

1o6 PERSONALS 

S U S IN ! SS 

O P P O R T U N E U S 
$ 

5o1 — Business 
O p p o rtu n ities 

5 o 3 - B usiness O p p o r­ tun ities W o n te d 

SOA — M o n e y to le n d 
5 o 6 — Fin an cial— In v e s t­ m ents 

SO B — O il Propostions 
5 1 o — M o n e y W o n te d 
51 3 
Instructions 

5 1 4 — Instructions W a n te d 

C A T E R IN G 
F o r all o ccasion s, best recoin m e n d o tio n s. re a s o n a b le , co lt otter 4 pm 865 338o_________________ 
Generous re w o rd tor return of p e rso n al e ffe cts m issing from 

! Magnolia Street residence Senti- 

 mental vo lu e - N O Q U EST IO N S* 
R ID E R S TO L A Coll 434 oo3S. 
Priv a te Po rty Rudy Rendon 
W A N TEO LA D Y 18 36 yrs old lo share rent on house with couple 
684 4972_____________________________ 
Young Art student needs financial assis'once Please write 
A Cos 

 titlo-Viera PO Box 1219o. Son An tomo, Tx 78212 
_______________ 

1o8 LOST AND FOUND 

Lost black white Boston Terrier. I blue eve. I brown avo, 4S1-4734. 
878 8484, ext 727_____________________ 
LOST 
Cam elot area small white 

 fem ale poodle type dog Lib e ra l 
R E W A R D * 454-3S2] 
LO ST fem ale red brow n mixed 

 breed dog med sue Answers to 
" Little B it." R E W A R D * 734 1473 

IM P I OY M IN I i f 

6o1 — Pro fe ssio n a l 
6 o 3 — Soles 
6 o 4 — Technical 
6 o 5 — Resum es 
6 o 6 — A d m in istrati v e — 

Financial 
6 o 8 — S e cre ta ria l 
6 1 o — O ffice 6 C lerical 
6 1 3 — M e d ical 
6 1 4 — Skills- lro d e s 
6 1 6 — Food-Drink S e rvice s 
6 1 8 — Pcpt Time 
6 3 o — H elp W a n te d 
Misc e l lon e out 

6 3 3 — Dom estic 
6 3 4 — Situations W o n te d 

Yo ur v e ry own status sym bol* 
Hire a "a rlv a te secretory" tor t is a year* For Free D etail, write fc x p rts % A N e w s B o x N o 2692 ^ 

187 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

A U tO M O t I Vt 

- 

7 o 1 — A n tiq u e s -Collectors 
7 o 3 - 7 3 6 — Sports. Foreign 

73o-743— C ars— For S a le 

 or Trode 

7 4 4 — C u s to m iie d C a rs— 

Sp eed -R acing (q u ip 

7 4 6 — Trucks A C o m m ercial 

T raile rs— Buses 

7 4 8 — M o to rcycle s— 

Scooters 

7 SO — W o n te d - A utos, 

Trucks. Trailers, 
M o to rcycles 

7 5 3 — G e n e ra l A uto 

R ep air 

7 5 4 — Tires— Fo rts — 

A ccessories 
7 5 6 — A uto, 
Financing— Loons 

F S S — A ircraft 
S e rv ic e s — Supplies 

■ IC P l A SION A I 
^ 

B O I — C am p ers— Trailers 
8 o 3 
M ot o r Hom os 

3 o 4 — B o o ts M o tors 
8 o 6 — Sp ortin g G oods 
B O B — Hunting 3 Fishing 

A N E W M A S S A G E LO CATIO N outside Cliv, open I days Til 2am 
Pro f m asseuses 
1773o IM35 N 

 betwwen O Conner A Judson Rds 
E n la rg e Y o u r C irc le of Single 
Frien d s Jo in 
S U B U R B A N SIN 

G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E Write k ilt M ichelle W ay San Antonio, 
I Tx 78239 
E s c o r ts . g u id e d 
T o u rs 

 in te rn a tio n a l E s c o rt ond Tour 
A g e n c y . 1ooo7 M c C u llo u g h , 
34) -o52S_____________________________ 
E v e r have a swith m assage’ Call 
M is s 34 22-35 fo r m o re into 

1492-1994 

FO R H E L P with an unwed areg noncy, coll Edna Glodnev Home, 
Et Worth. TX I BOO 792 I IOO 
F O X Y L A D Y E s c o r t S e rv ic e 
734 8253 or 732 3341 
T o ko vo 

House 4218 Blonro 

LO ST Fem ale Bulldog with black 

I spot b etw een e o rs. 424-2o97 or 
I 725 4932 

L O S T 
F r i 
M a r l l 
F e m a le 

; m ixed b re e d dog m o stly gray- 

 brown shaagv hair 
18' tall 
Ops 

I ly.' Vicinity of P e rrin Bedel Loop 

4IU R E W A R D * 454 o)19 824 4o44 
Lost green eye glosses, downtown area, reword, 341 181o_____________ 
LO ST 
H u sky black with white 

 ch e st an d p o w s . 
M is s in g 

Westwood Village argo since M ar 
14. N am ed 'S m o k y' Child's pel, 
Missed V E R Y M UC H * R E W A R D tor return 673-8438_________________ 
Lost in Olmos P ark Male I abr a j dor puppy, w earing choke cham and lie log, las! seen M or 23rd. 
826 7163 

FREE 
WATER BEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

Given bv the Foxiest Girls rn Son 
Antonio Best ploce to Relox and unwind 
"Feel Better Fosf" Out­ side City Lim its Open IO 3o ain to tam Big Discounts! North Side 
P A R IS B U B B . 4V2 2994____________ 

GI. WEEK 

M O B U I K O M IS r n 
* 

3 1 o — M o b ile H om e Sole 
B t I — M o b ile H om e 
R e p a irs — Insurance 

B l 3 — M o b ile H o m e Park s 

M ite M ANDIS! 

B O I - Busine st Equipm ent 
9 o 3 — Build ing M a te ria ls 
9 o 5 — P o rta b le Buildings 
9 o 7 — Furniture 
9 o B — P a w n B ro k e rs 
9 1 o — A p p lian t es 
9 1 3 — Fleo M a rk e ts 
9 1 4 — A ntiq ues 
9 1 6 — Arts, Crafts, Im p arls 
9 1 8 — Coins A Je w e lr y 
9 3 o — C a n ta ra — Pho to 

M A S S A G E S 

') P R IC E 
Call Miss 34 72 35 lor more rotor multo*! P A R IS H U B B till 4. till 4. till Soul! 492 1998 
L e i Me Be Your Personal Incur once Agent 
Aula, Home. Lite 

Coll John Aultmon 732 974) 8-Spm 
L I F E C Y C L E S H e a rd ab o u t them ’ 226 M ot to tmd out) 
M A G IC S P E C IA L ' i price mas vog* 734 8733 3419 Blanco Moglc 
M intage 
M A S S E U S E 
W A N T E D 
326o 13oo W eekly Ex perienced not n e c e s s a r y 
737 3341 
4311 

Bionco Tokovo House 
M T 
O L Y M P U S S P E C IA L ! '> 

P ric e m assage F re e Whirlpool 
Ask tor Durum Escort available 
34V 8V7I 1933 LoMondQ 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 

P r ic e Shop 
C O M P A R E S T IL L 

 lecturing 1977 M A S S A G E S OI 1973 onces* Come meet our Beautiful 
N ew 
M e c h a n ic s ". Som ething 

 new coming soon! 
TH E B O D Y S H O P P E 497 2oo1 

LO ST 
Light tan m ale '/ pug, '» 

 chihuahua in vicinity Alam o Hts 
H igh S ch o o l. N a m e d 
B ru n o '. 
824 237) Otter 3pm__________________ 
Lost m ale long haired Siam ese 

 w ith b u s h y ta il in v in fc ity of 
Oblate M cCullough 828 8962 
Lost 
M ale Peek-A Poo, goes bv 

 the name ol "F r itz ” * block curly hair with beige legs. 4*i yrs old. 
Robie tag. Cresthaven area Call r n 821o or 344 o384_________________ 
LO ST 
Shetland pony, Palom ino 

 type, Comp Bulbs are a 698 234o 
LO ST 
Sui W hite F e m 
Poodle, 

 has had throat su rg ery Vicinity of Peoples Welding and Goroge in 
B e rg a m o t 532 /963. 534 1931. [ 
R E W A R D ____________________________ , 
L O S T : To y P e k in g n e t t , d ark brown, long h aired 
Answ ers lo 

M IS T Y 
V ic in ity 1ooo W Her- I 

 mine R E W A R D ottered! 733 4414 
LOST young fem ale Siam ese cat. j 

C a lic o m a r k in g s . R E W A R D ! I 
69o 1376_____________________________________ 
R E W A R D tor a N orw egian Elk hound Puppy. Lost Wed 349 iv#) ; 
633-3841 
H E W A R D tor blonde I yr Cocker 
Spaniel nam ed 
SA D E V E S " Vt 

 emily O Connor Rd in Larkspur 
653 4o34 222 o831____________________ 
R E W A R D tor lost black bag with p e rs o n a l d o c u m e n ts , m issin g 
Horn Lo ih sp u r prep 347 1437 

REWARD 

FO R N O R W E G IA N E L K H O U N D 
N A M E D 
P E R K Y " A 9 yr old 

 spayed fem ale with Mmol, North 
Dakota rabies togs 636 3321 
R E W A R D FO R R E T U R N OF ST 
B E R N A R D 734 Ob 33 
Rew ard Lest solid black ternate 

G reat D ane 
R itlim a n R d ore a, 

826 •*&>4 or 872 3869_________________ 

The Ed g e w o o d 
In d e p e n d e n t 

School D istrict will re ce ive b id s ' until 2 3o PM , A pril 6. 1977 tor 
Oust Mop Re n ta l S e rv ic e . F o r ] further inform ation, p lease con tact 
P u rch a s in g D e p a rtm e n t. 

3358 W Commerce. San Antonio. | 
Texos, 78237 Telephone 433 o8o1 
The Ed g e w o o d In d e p e n d e n t 
School D istrict will re ce iv e bids until 3 P M . A p ril 4, 1977 to r 
Mointenonce of Class Room 
Ty 

 pewriters. F o r fu rth er into* mo lion, pleose contact P u rch a s in g 
Department. 3358 W. Com m erce. 
San Antonio. Texas. 78237 Tete- 

1?4 liGAl NOTICES 

On and atter this dote. I will not be responsible for debts contracted bv any person other thon m yself 
W IL L IA M I BO D O SY 

?o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

• A Best Deo) For Eauitye 

Cash in full t d ay! I buy homes only Any condition or a re a 
Big 

F a u lty O K . I p a y e v e r y t h in g ! 
(B r o k e r and A tto r n e y s le a d s paid) Call 24 hours 433 3295 Ask tor Adolph 828 48)7 Niles__________ 
Attention! Before you buy or sell ring Bell We buy equities Cosh 

B E L L R E A L T O R S 222 9493 

BEFORE YOU SEll ’ 

Le t us m ake a C A S H o fter for your home or equity Call now* 
The 
Home 
M ort 
633 17o1 

BUILD NOW! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N bW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 
A i 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

REWARD 

 m ole B r it ta n y S p a n ie l, w hite 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES 

DON JOHNSON CO. 
NORTHWEST 
344 3o71 
NoBTH CENTRAL. . . 494-7711 
LOOF 41o ............... 828-8241 
NORTH!AST .. 656-3441 

WHISPERING OAKS 

 intro iii cup tomily horn* 4 ? VS -2 on tora* cut at loc lot A gteal area for children Hear swim ond tennis club 
581.5oo 

344 3o78 nitas 341-1962 

■ fin 
GROUP 

WHISPERING OAKS less than o year old. 4-3 2, single living acta, rtody ta move in. 
5/8.5oo 
344-3o78 nitas 341-962 

CANYON LAKE 
2 2-2. with beautiful lake view fireplace with lots ot dock 554,9oo 
344-3o78 
Kites 696-o866 

COUNTRYSIDE SAN PEDRO 
This beautiful 3-2'/j-2 is like new ond in mint condition One living orea. lovely drapes ond a loft are but o few of its splendid features 
571 ooo 
828-8241 nitas 494-5829 

A TRUE BARGAIN 
This delightful home is paced several thousand below similar models lovely drapes are included 
Coll regarding the outstanding features of this exceptional bargain. 
555.ooo 
828-8241 nitas 655-2437 

NEW LISTINGS IN N.W. 
4 houses close to Kelly, Lockland, 
5 KY 
Reston h ond UTSI and 4 bedrooms Cosy terms Immediate 
Occupancy All priced in low 3os 
494-7711 nitas 494-1 HO 

SENECA ESTATE large family room, featunng fireplace and vaulted ceilings 
4 king sized bedrooms. 
2 com portmented boths, great home foe the growing family 
494-7711 nitas 824-9354 

HAS EVERYTHING 
HOUST BEAUTIFUL. 4 2'/j 2 with two hying and dining oreas Has we! bar. hrepMco, alarm system, and huge patio Much more! Mid 5o s. 
656 3441 nitas 653-3835 

YOUNG AT HEART! 
This 3-2-2. is for you in northern 
Hills with single living orea. privacy fenced and landscaped In the 3o s 
656-3441 nitas 656-8178 

GASE-BAKER ^ 
REALTOR 
6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 

ONLY $23o MONTH 

And this (loon. fully carpeted 3 

 bedroom home can be yours to en 

 lay Convenient to H I schools and 

 shopping Call us today' 

LOW, 1oW EQUITY 

Tou must se* to appreciate the 

 volue in this clean and comfortable 

4 bedroom home Only 325oo ond 

 assume 7% loan 5183 mo 

HIGH ON A HILL 

 locgt 
3 bedroom bom* with 

 massive fireplace Quiet area lots of 

 trees Minimum down payment ond 

B's yours! low 4o s 

CALL A 
KEY GRO UP REALTOR 
S te rlin g B u r k e ................... 
P e te C a n tu ( N o r t h ) .......... 
P e te C a n tu ( S o u t h ) .......... 
Clara Belle C a ttie r........... 
V ir g in ia C e r v e n k a ............ 
G a s e - B a k e r ....................... 
H o d gd o n & A sso c ia te s . . . 
D o n J o h n so n (N o r th w e st) 
D o n Joh n so n (L o o p 4 1 o ) . 
D on J o h n so n (North Central) . 
D on J o h n so n (N o r t h e a s t ) . 
B o b J o n e s ( N o r t h ) ............ 
B o b J o n e s ( S o u t h ) ................ 5 3 3 - 7 1 6 3 
D a le R ile y .............................. 4 9 4 - 3 5 4 1 
Su e W e e m s & A sso c ia te s . . . 8 3 6 - o 6 o 6 
R a n d o lp h R e a l t y ................... 6 5 8 - 5 3 o 1 
Your Key to the City of 
San Antonio 

- 
L 

8 3 4 -6 3 5 1 
7 3 6 - 4 3 9 6 
5 3 3 - 7 5 o o 
3 4 4 - o 3 3 5 
6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 
6 9 o - 8 9 9 o 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 3 
3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 
8 3 8 -8 3 4 1 
4 9 4 -7 7 1 I 
6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 
3 4 4 -3 3 4 1 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
MORTHSIDL..................344 2341 
SOUTHSIDE 
...*.....5 33-716 3 

ANTIQUE 
Air popular and aho ate older homes 
Antiques have to be cleaned up ond fixed, you con do the some with this 2 bedroom, 2 bath, separate dmtng room, clos ed front porch, green house Only 
513.5oo 
CAU AAAXINE HAAAMOND 
533-7163. 534-767o 

SPUCE SPACE SPACE 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
Approx hi acre, (corner lot), oaks anlace, ideal family home, 4 bedroom. 3 bath, study or office, lorge den with fireplace, formal living room and dining room, pm cd only 556,5oo Ask for 
JIAN (MARTIN 
344-2341, 494 2o27 

RANGE-REERIG. 
Window air. drapes, curtains and blinds are included, 2 bedrooms, 
2 baths, living dining, and panel ed family coom 518,5oo 
CALL WALTER HOWARD 
533 7163, 923-o836 

915 SAN ANBELO 
OFF BIANCO 
Redecorated inside and out 3 bedrooms. I bath, nice neighbor hood on busline Only 517,5oo 
Coll 
JEAN AAARTIN 
344 2341. 494-2o27 

SUE WEEMS 
ASSOC.* REALTORS 

8 2 6 - o 6 o 6 

TYROL HILLS 
FIRST OEHRING 
Re the first to see this 5 bedroom ! executive style tomily home with) loom to entertain the whole rom 
C ony Heated pool with wh Ipool.l uge 
Chants tile patio ond) sprinkler system Priced right, under) 
51oo,ooo 
826 o6o6 
826-62721 

ALAMO HGTS. RE DO 
FIRST OFFERING lovely lot with ronvement location 
Fricea to sell In the mid 7os 

| l o o k i n g fo r a n e w h o m e ? 

TODAY SYOUR 
L U C K Y D A Y . 

H ig h C o u n try Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 
$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nocoqdofhes at Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N o rth 
4 9 4 - 6 1 6 3 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Maltsbgr at Thous Oaks 

The G re a t N o rth w e st 
6 8 4 -1 I 2 3 
$38,5oo to SSS,IOO 
FM 471 of (ulebra 
• VA, 
FHA, (onventionol • Fireplaces 
• Double Garages 
• North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Developm ent Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

H 
S 

HODSDON & ASSOC 
R EA LT O R S 
6 7 4 - 3 * 5 2 

PETE CANTU 
REALTOR 
736-4296 532 75oo 

INSULT US! 
With on oHer en this 3 bedroom, 2 both townhouse 
Convenient to 
Kelly ond Lockland, swimming pool privileges Toke over payments on low interest loan 
- 

MEADOW VILLAGE I 

3 large bedrooms. 2 boths, double 

 garage, spar lout 
Hoar pion, 

 sunken living room with see 

 through fireplace ta den, large 

 dining room, lovely area 

4 BEDROOMS 

2 baths, double garage, fully 

 carpeted, oil appliances, in NS 

 school otto BUY NO OOWN VA at 

 only 53o 5oo or ossumt 5189 per 

 mo with equity. 

PETE CANTU 
R E A L T O R 
736 4796 532 75oo 

NO, YES, NO, YES, NO, YES lf you at* undecided ss* this 3 bedroom 
I bath beauty that we just ksted 
Top Northside o*to 
523.95o, low bown payment, coll right now 

IT S UGLY 
Needs point ond fix up but this 3 bedroom 7 both is a moi bottom for 58ooo A great investment 

STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 
8 2 4 - 6 3 5 1 

VERY SPECIAL LIVING and lavish entertaining 
Modernistic motif for ultimate privacy Ratio homes designed tot all seasons Fonocormt view at no extra cost to you, 3 to choose from 
FIRST OFFERING 
ALAMO HEIGHTS 
5 bedroom 
4 both luxurious home 
Swimming pool, sitting toom, gomeioom The*, art th* facts — the home speaks for itself* 
BEAUTIFUL HILL 

COUNTRY ACREAGE 

INQUIRERS INVITED 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 

Don t bother unless you wont lots o! room It s big get thon it looks. Already has everything for versatile living. Not in expensive 
PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Don ! barhal unless you wont leis of room It s bigger than ii looks 
Already bos everything tat versatile Irving Not inexpensive 

Vi PRICE 
SPECIAL 

9 2 2 — -Musical Inxtrunsent* 
9 2 4 — N u n e r le t, G o ld e n 
9 2 6 — M a c h in e ry — To «U 
9 2 8 — M erch an d ise M a rt 
8 J O — M erchand ise 

■32— Auction Sat# 
9 3 4 — B u tin e *» D irectory 

P O O S — 
F U S 

9 3 6 — Doq»-Cots-Birde-Pete 
9 3 B — Poultry-Ba6t»i*e-Baae 
._ T 

 i iv i st o c K y m , 

9 4o— livestock Feed- lo e d e 
9 4 1 — Produce 
942— Form Equipment 

 ta ems Ciets*»*e o m s 
Xsii<ti ****** se* 
»!*«• Fee* me** 
IO I — Oeeffct 
1 o 2 — Cm d e l thanks 
Manse* tens 

1o3— Flan et*-—Fie viers 
1o4— Funeral Orresters 
1o6— Cemetery— Bs** ie! 

Late 

Most Massages 16pm to tam The 
Late Mite Place to be this W eek! 
P A B IS B U B B , *62 7 *9 4 ____________ 
R o o m m a te n e ed e d lo s h a re apartm ent? 344 I US 

SINGLES 

A K B hoe members in io n Antonio a re a E s ta b lis h e d , resp ectab le introduction dub Meet other sin cere singles locally $1o OO Intro­ ductory oHgr A K B Velvet Singles 
Box 8471, C o rp u s C h ris ti. Tx 

Singles I I M Y rs Doting 

B v M atchm aker Inc 

 f lip Jackson Keller Suit* 2oV 

Executive Cent ar 388 U IS 

S P R I N G S P E C I A L ! •> P r ic e 
M assage Free Sauna and W hirl pool 7)2 IM I Tokovo House. 42it 
I Bian co. 

S U N D A Y S P E C IA L * Holt P ric e 
M essage from 12-o Free Sauna 

I 732-3362 4218 Bianco Bd___________ 
I T s o y e a b s 
ESC O R I S A LL O CCASIONS 

Be one or hove one 

' ^ ^ ^ J 4 4 - I ! t ^ 4 4 - H i * ^ ^ ^ 

1o8-IQS! ANO iUUND 

P O U NO F ^ P O F F f^ W H T o w n e T please com* claim it Will have to pay tor upkeep af an im al C all 
U t I U D for details_________________ 
FO U N D in N E San Antonio, m a lt mini beige poodle Los! opproxi- motely ) wk* 8» 6*3) 448 714o___ 
FO U N D M ar 14 Collie ond Sm all 
B la ck w ith w h ite b elly fem ale doos Pleose Coll 7)6 2744 
___ 
CAII 22V I OOO 

B L O 
O 
D 

? D 
O 
N 
A 
T 
I O 
N 
S ? 

B L O O D - P L A S M A 
SERVICES O f 
SAN A N TO N IO 
N O W 
O P E N 
ACROSS FROM 
M UNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
1 12 A UDITORIUM CIR. 
AAm -Fw M O AJB 4 oo PJR. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

Don I wolf till mferesf ro les ond costs go down Costs will never be this low again S A V E by letting os ' build your custom home Lots of pions available Regency Homes. 
Inc M I 7oS7. 824 2)81______________ 

CASH for H O M E S 

We Buy H O M ES and E Q U IT IE S 
Honest, Efficien t, ond F a s t Ser vice We pay all Closm q Costs 
Call Tony or Bernie*. M I S l i t 

S P E C I A, R E A L T O R S 

CASH 
FOB YOUR HOME 

341 7611, 34? 888S 

S CASH $ 

F O B YO U R H O M E O R E Q U IT Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G CO STS 

624 4331 

H U G H E S 4 B R IS C O E 

Cash for your Northside equity 
La rry Bgrn *b *y)4 l 44SS 
SXC IVOV 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 
696-771o 

G O V E R N M E N T O w ned Hom es 
For Sale 2, ) and 4 bedroom No down payment Anyone can buy 
Vet or Non V e te ra n . W h y rent when you can b uy?. 
R E O C A R P E T 8S3 8384___________ 
IM M E D IA T E C A SH 

For Your Home We pay off clos mo casts! We also toke tra d e s 
Call 
4*4 ss;I 
4)S 8474 
S H )?S 2 I 

Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

Need To Sell Your Home N ow ? 

For FA ST S E R V IC E — Call 

344 SSM Hurt M cC orm ick Realtor 

NO OOWN P A Y M E N T 

Anyone can b u y! G o v e rn m e n t a c q u ire d p r o p e r tie s 
3 4 be 

 draom s, 2 bath hem es rn goad areas Call today tor details 
R E A L T O R 
491 1)o6 

REAL ESTATE 

H o r n * ! 

N o r t h w e s t 

2 1 2 

 r 
D G E ) 

CALI A 
REALTOR 

? ! ) ? 
H o lists OPTM 

826 o6o6 
822 o126 

CAMELOT ll 
Otrorgtor (harm, cathedral (tilings ond "ttroctive Spanish courtyard enboni* this 3 bedroom, 2 both home Skylight ond dramatic us# of gloss lets the sun shine in 
Assume 7% VA. $42,9oo 
876 o6o6 
874-6689 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
FIRST OFFERING luck (aionial on a comer la! with buck circular drive, 
4 large bedrooms, den with fireplace, sepofot* dining loom, new carpeting, plus a lovely pool fat summet fun 
Cambridge school 
Under 51oo.ooo 
126-o6o6 
824-6683 

CHURCHILL HIGH looking fof room to breathe’ Re hove a beautiful 7 story, 4 bedroom' 
(master down) rn Son Ped:* Hills on almost '*b act* Custom built with 
77o8 sq ft and tao mony extras to list Maintained with endet loving cote Under 56o.ooo 
•26-o6o6 
876 6497 

REALTORS 
AT 
W ORK 
FOR 
YOU! 

?o? Holists ppm 

H o m o s 
N o*9Ho o »t 

2 1 o 

 c g ? 

SY h w y 9o w 
I CO M M EPC t 

H o m es 

S o u t h w e s t 

216 

H o m o s 

S o u t h e a s t 

2 1 4 

?m REM ESTATE NOTICES 
2o? HOUSES OPEN 

 i j 
W i y T O t 
I 
YOUR H O M I 
I 
FOR 9o D A Y S??? £3 
Let me make yew a lash eft**.,tap dalle* paid tar 

B 

 ynin Kama a* equity and IJ wlH pay all dating test, 

Prompt and affined* serv­ ice 
Tau* Money an Tide 

Chack I braker and attor­ ney lead* paid! 
348 6531 
Hours 

S.A.R.E. 
24 1 

Century 21 

E L A IN E L U O W IG A ASSOC 

2o? HOUSES OPEN 

A' Aauger cleans clogged drains and sew er* best plumbing repair loo On* call dees it all, prices before we s ta rt 
Se ve n d ays a 

 week Call anytim e )4I 4124 or th* white pages tar A Auuger 

Almost F ree Transportation 

To SI lo u ts, Cincinnati H o rn s burg Po and New O rleans And 
Other paints 274-2221 ■ 

NO DOWN PAYMENT 

Anyone can qualftyf Vets, don't lese your eligibility )-4 bedrooms. 
2 b oles som e w ith a ir and ap p h o n ie s . P a y m e n ts le s s th a n rent 
■OB De P A O L O 
)88 3o61__________________REALTOR 
P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 

We only charge VMO commission for selling homes re g a rd le ss et price C H A R L E S W A Y T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
7)7 2911. 
7 )2 53VV, 

728 91o4 O P E N 74 Hours a Day. 7 
Days o Week M 

FOR RENT 
Hourly or daily A uditorium and 
Party room beautiful North Sidt 1 
Location, great tor music. dubs. I p a r tie s , w e d d in g r a c a p lio n s , m e e tin g s a l a il k in d s 
C a ll! 

)44 4S39 
N e a r N orth S ta r and 

Jiffy P re ss Instunt Printing 

A full ser vie# print shop near you i 
1464 M cCullough t i l l Son Pedro 
1761 SW M ilitary Or 

42o6 Fred ericksb urg Rd 

22* E R hopsudy al Son Pedrg 

R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 

Hove our professional staff hon- dla you r antal property Call far details today 
)34 1828 
N iles 494-14o4 

Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

WEIL BUY YOUR HOME 

For cash Fast Service W ill trade 

B O B O eP A O LO 

344 levi r e a l t o r 

OPEN SUNDAY 1 -5 P.M . 
WINDCREST 
7o2 Balfour 

$ 7 4 * 5 o o 

Designed for prestige hying! 4 very lorge bedrooms 
Entertainment 

 weed hying toom with fireplace lets 

 of easy cor# 
Saltillo til* 
Im 

 maculate beme hi • wall establish 

 ad neighborhood Hest lim Ashby 

655 o7o7 824 2178 

OPEN 3-5 
241 WEST ELSMERE 
Greatly reduced 

Lovely Spanish stucco Entry, bv mg room with firepan* dining room and sun toom 
Newly decorated, built in kitchen 3 7 
828 1967 
338 CLUB DRIVE 

Pretty brick Colonial Separate bv mg roam with fireplace, dining room lorge family roam with se caid fireplace 
3 7 
4o s 
878 
1962 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 

I w l i s r 4 2 6 - 6 * 7 ) A n y tire * 

5IOF ITI 2-5 
36o7 STONEHAVEN 
Off Tiogo rn COLONUS No8IH over ?7t)o cg ti 4 3'/5 2, with farmed and informal family areas! fireplace in den. coon try sized kitchen 563.5oo 
15o2 KINGSEED 
Off Fowhattan in HlDOfN CREEK deviator 4 2 2 on col be soc lorge formal 
Irving dining, paneled and frrepioced tomily loom Gorgeous yard1 561.9oo 

4219 FLINTHIU 
Off Stockbndge hi SHI NAN 
ooAM 4 7 2, separate Irving. 
26x15 ftreploced den opens to covered patio! 
REDUCED 
TO 
54o.5oo 
9419 GOLD HILL 
In HERITAGE Ii*N immaculate 
3 2 2, one kving, country garden kitchen AU appliances plus refrigeroioi. 529,8oo 
3135 MAKIBEllf 
ON Stlverhp rn THUNOEBBtBD 
VILLAGE freshly painted and impaled 3 2 I with separate living, built in kitchen with breakfast area Vacant, itduc ed hr 528.9oo 
3627 MAPLETON 
NIR LISTING* In the Summit' 
Well kepi 3 7 7. sunken kving dining combo, beamed dee with fireplace 545,9oo 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
|C*H L A I 
A M L I* IC 
MI \| Ii He*. 

Scientific Professional 

D A T IN G S E R V IC E 

M o lthm q ker list lee IH S 

W E R E A L L SO LO O U T ' 
Sold 96% el our listing* in Kist 2 w eek s 
W e 'r e d e s p e r a t e for 

 m er* w ill m ake you a d eal you can I refuse' Call today tor cen sulfation 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 47) led. 

W H Y P A Y R E N Y ? Own your own home, ne down p aym g n t lo an yon*! Paym ents less Than rent uoyd Montgom ery e s iJJS * 

OPEN HOUSE 
7526 MEADOW UWN 
7 6 F IB txseplionollv nice 
3 btdioem 
2 Vt both nome with unusual fomily teem 
Perfect foi large family Quiet location in forest 
Glen addition Only 531,9oo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 

691 1171 
656 552o 
341 9191 

8o9 CANTERBURY 
Open 2-i Terrell Hills 
Lo re* 4 bedroom home rn Alam o 
Heights Schools, den w ith tire place, 22S8 sq It at good tom ily living Low SO S 
124-44o4 
R E A L T O R S 
8265944 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY CROUP 
124 CORONA 
Open 2— $ Alom a Heights 
Seeing <s believing* An im m uru la it 4 bedroom, 2 bath home Lrv mg ream w ith tire p io c t, larg e separate dining, U M I # den ond modern kitchen, central air heal 
Only $S2.eo<) 
826 64o4 
R E A L T O R S 
424 766S 
S U E W E E M S 8 ASSOC 

122 FANTASIA 
Off ol Son Pedro North Lovely 4 bedroom 7 bath in Harm ony Hills tor lust $41,656 an open terms A 
M ust See) Open S a tu rd a y ond 
Sunday lpm til Dark A L L C IT Y 
HL A LT Y C O R P 
7)4 I IS I - eve 
737 212) 
“ FOX RU N NO R T H I A S ! 
I and 4 bedroom homes 
$*’ OOO lo $5) *6o 
VA F H A No city taxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S tee ie'34____________ es* oeeo 

75o6 FQXWooo 
O R IN 2 » 
Im m aculate ) bedroom , cen tra l beta air, near Medical Center ond 
U s A A 
H ug* en clo se d >> a c r e yard All tor $24,375 Assume law payments ar refinance 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y e ll 6366_______________ R E A L T O R S 

5923 FREEMANS FARM 
Open 3— 5 weather pernuHin* 
Volley Farge, best buy Assume good loan an this delightful I be droom, 2 bath, with I lorge living area and a garden kilt hen 
834 o664 
R E A L T O R S 
124 354) 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 

OFEN SUNDAY 3 TO 6 
8431 GLEN BREEZE 
IN CAMELOT 
•right and cheerful rowntry kit then with ah the titres! 3 bedroom, 
2 bothy excellent decor ic* only 53o ooo on apart terms 
656-3ooo 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
I UU TORS— NTLS 
Faerie Belial Ole 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 

In HILL COUNT* V* V^UAOI oh 
HIU COUNT*Y IAN!/ TOWER 
DRIV!. Appro rn. I p e re * o i 

 heavily wooded lond with on all UHN homo . . . twimming pool, potto, detached 9om® room, hors® »talU ond tack room. GvOBthouk*. or quar­ tos! 
Main homo hoi 
3 

 bodroomt* 7 bath* . . . living, dining, family room* firo- 

 placo ond c o u n t ry kitchen! 
(113.ooo 
653-7341 

OPEN 3 :o o -5 :o o 
T 3 5 1 9 CASSIA WAY 

In ilOSSOM HILLS off PHUN 
MIAL An imprtiiivBr 3-itory brick 'n codor homo wHh 3 headrooms (or 4 plus play­ room) . . . I compor»m«n!«d boths! bay windowod living r o o m , fo r m a l dining ond o 

 fomily room with skylight 

 ond Hrtpiocaf Sparkling kit­ chen with built-in appliances 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
14o STANFORD 

In 
OiMOS 
RASK off ll 

RIA >o. A superbly Spanish hr,m# with magnolias, o Hied 
C 

 orch with archae cmd a 

 atechny 
2-sfortot of ttucco 

 with heavy plaster interior walls . . hardwood floors 

 and a spiralling staircase! 

Firoptocod living room. Din­ ing cmd music rooms 
- 3 

 enormous bedrooms, J full both*, 7 halt baths Upoatao kitchen and quartets 
A 

 fabulous, old a* home with charm and potential galore! 
$9$,SOO- 
653-7341 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 
5 9 o 2 W ILDW IND 

In WtNDCftf SY off WIDOK- 
FlflO. Custom-built of native 
(in id st on® with attention to 
• vory detoil! Open yet plan­ ned ond sonod spec®* 
I living, dining and family 

 j amas, with vaulted ceilings i ond o beg fireplace . . . 3 

 bedrooms 
7'/% baths ond a 

 lot of oh trail 
Beautifully 

 landscaped! 
$9$ 5oo 
633 7341 

OPEN 2 :3 o -4 :3 o 
3 3 o MONTPELIER 

In 
$UNSHIN( 
FABK aft 
WlllOWB HOOk a, MtNLd 

 i A woN-maintained horn® with a Hep fbi® No ar plan ond taro® rooms 
. fenced yard 

 and separate dog run! Larof iiving-dmmg room, ta*ni!y 

 room (or 3rd bedroom) 
I 

 bedrooms. 
7 baths 
Big 

 sunny break fait room ne it ta th# kitchen Ratio 3o«14( 
$33 93o 
8 24-96 31 

OPEN 3 :o o -5 :4 :o o 
6 4 1 o MCKEON 

In 
LAST 
TIRklll 
HUl$ 

HIIGHTS oH 
MONACO 
2- 

 tfory home with 
4 bod- 

 roorrn aw botho . .Hying, dining and family rooms. 

Built-In bookcases privacy 

 feme Northeast schools! 
$43,9oo 
494-7771 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

2 CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 
BY MELTON GEORGE ENT. 
RON EUBANK BUILDER 

137 RIDGETRAIl - 3 bedroom. 

? both, living and dining room, 

 large den 

1o1 
SHADY 
TRAU 
- 

 bedroom, 
2 boTh, form al 

 dining, one lorge living orea 

BoTh. homes feature plush 

 quality carpet, cedar shake 

 roof, micro wove evens, 
Vi 

 ocre lots, low, low taxes 

 lake Son Pedro north to 16o4, 

 west to 
Trailcrevt entrance, 

 follow open house signs 

COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 
494-3o12 

O P E N 2 5 
1o511 ASTERIQO 
$1o-882 m ove* you into this a ll b rick hem * in M ac A rth u r Terr race 
A**um* $4)8 a m onth ar refinance Come vee all the e x ­ tra* ie# kie* 
G ra ce A rnold 
R E A L T O R S M U 
O P E N 2 $ 
• 1o4o2 BURR O RK# 
P R IC E R ED U C T IO N 
Elegant brick ham* in d e lu d e d neighborhood 4 bedroom, 2 both glut 77 X I) garden ream Ex cel lent coml lion 872 5771.828 5871 
S tr o u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 

OPEN 2 :o o -5 :o o 

5922 HUINUNS MRM 

In 
VAULT to e o t oft IN- 

OtPfNOtNCI lxciting home 

 with a lo«th-w#»t*m (levo, 
. . . great tond»ca|Mngt large 
Iivifso-dining room with a otg brookie# 
, . , fomHv room 

 with paneling, wot bor ond doors ta a double Robot 

 built-in kitchen, finished 

S e t B o o 
8$8-7oO7 

OPEN 2 :3 o -5 :3 o 
1 4 3 o 7 CITATION 

In 
CHURCHILL 
ISTAm oH 

BIANCO RD 
Imposmg ond 

 taM 
. . this oil brick Home 

 bos spacious living-dining 

 room fomily room with a 

 fireplace and pee on paneling 
4 bedrooms lot 3 plus 

 library) 
7 full. com­ partmented boths ond o boll both Workshop tao! 
$79 9oo 
633 7341 

OPEN 2 :o o -4 :3 o 
U SO * SUTTON w illo w COVE 
In SUMMIRHIIL o ff PATRICIA beautifully 
Contemporary 

 garden home entirely fenced tor privacy! A larger than usual lot with e cedar- covered potto 
Saltillo file and carpeting 
4 bedrooms living room with fireplace separate dining room and a bonus room 7 7 m - 
ISI 
$73,ooo 
494-7771 

OPEN 2:3o 5:3o 

' t * , ! ! ? o * ! ? ? o 

 lOCKMIll-SUMA 
$g*owlmg, 

■ amh-*tyl* home en o huge lot with 96 oak ti Saltillo- tiled gat lo, pool cabana ond 
SAO! 
Often end tga«lai*» 

 with bving-dtnina oreos a n d a glossed-rn fomily room . . . doors in eoch room open 

 onta the potful 3 bodroorn^ in the mom house ond o 4fh bede a a m with both in the guesthouse Country kitchen, complete with mkro-wove 

 oven 
$93 3oo 
494-7771 

GUY CHIPMAN CO. 

RIALTO*# 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
OPEN 2-5 
4o1o GLENROCK 

 laurel Hilly N W loop HO and 
Wurrbach. 
I 
Stock wen to lluontel Lately (tench luck 
3 2 2 
Dual (iceqloce dmdei hying and dining roomy family coom with txpaniiowe u$e o) giuv. 
Saltillo tile, beamed ceiling 
Sunshine morning room 
Near 
USJU. 
UIS* 
Medical (amplex 

58o2 CARY GRANT 

Ook Mitt* Terrace Runback la 
Meek im ta (ary Grant On a hiHcreit with panoramic VILW kery minting rambler 
12 2, den (26115, TF. high beamed ceding Separate dining ream 
■multi to UTSI Medical (ani piex US** Lackland, Kelly 

PRICE REDUCED 
251o DANBURY two Weeki north of loop $1o toil 
Completely redecorated in ten or and exterior 
3 2 2, kving dining room (or large family room gtoned to cov*t ed patio Litchi! thruout Let 
UoX2oo NL School*, 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

O P E N I i 
3o23 COLONY 
Wolk am en* the tree* and enter into thr* lovely ruktic I bedroom 2 bath hem * La rg e tin g le liv in g area, with brick Itreglgc* O ver tried yard, with oak* and even your own greenhoute 142 I t l l 
■ I P U 
A l t A l i n 
_ 
_ 
__ your own grrennou.v ie , 

M 
M 
P - 
KEY GROUP red carpet 

Fl ACI TOU* WAN! AU 
IN IHI tlFfttSk NL WL 

CAU 225 ie e e 
' 

A L L B R IC K ) bedroom P i bath 
H O M E B U IL T ON Y O U R LOT 
$18,656 1611 Gordina off W Ave 
S P E C IA B U IL D E R S Int 186 1861 
IS i l l 1*8o 

I t e e n s and sr w s 

13o DAVIS CURT 
O H L N 2 5 
Beau tifully restored 8o veor old name-JSOe ta ff. den btu* soh rum 
Hying room with fireplace, form al dining rg«m $**, 5oo 
H S R E A L T Y 

• U M I/ _____________________i * * so n 

THI AC HON NUMhl 9 t o y I AST kl 3UI15 
• I A C I Y O U N W A N T 4 o 
IN I H I I X W U k k U t W J 
C A LL 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

411 OAKLEAF 
O RE N 7 -5 
C harm ing I bedroom , study. 2 bath home with large open Irving a r e a , s e p a l a f* d in in g ro o m . 
T our met kitchen tot* Of liv in g 
1/8 sc, ff for $88,5o6 
828 68o8 
R E A L T O R S 
624 888) 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC 
KEY GROUP 

O P E N 7 5 
782 CRESTWAY DR. 
W IN D C R E S T Lovely 8 bedroom 
) bath nam* with large Woehggen swimming pool, spin bedroom ar rongemenf $76,SOO 
WHA DENTON & ASSOC 
______________ l l i i l L i _______________ 
• I A C I Y O U * W A N T A Q 
IN IM I L A P K I N N I W k 
C A L I 2 2 5 1 6 6 6 

T f no uniHR 

OPEN SUNDAY 
ALGERITA PARK 
27o3 CASTANET 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
(Weather Permitting) 

OFT VINCI JACKSON HORTH Ot 
LOOF $1o Beouhtul $ bedrooms, 
J V> bath*, span oui paneled fomily room withfneplace Ii* mg room, seporot* formed din mg room All electric aouimet kitchen New carpets and dtopes included Game coom londsccip ed yocd with ook trees 82$ 
o121 ANYltMF 
INSPIRATION HILLS 
3o7 CLEARVIEW 
2:oo to 5:3o p m. 
JUST IISTLD1 lovely 3 hod'coni home on a beautiful 1o9x15o lo! Most looms carpeted, tomily room with fireploie coveted polio ond it s oil Orick Top kxn hon and o qood buy for 555,ooo 
342 3211 XNYTIMt 
SAN PEDRO HULS 
2323 NASHWooD 
2:oo To 5:3o p m, 
HIW 
LISTING in this lovely neighborhood lorge open form ly living, recreation oreo 
3 bedrooms, 2 boths'With lots of corpe! 
Window guards locqe patio with tough cedar posts and beams 
549,9oo 
494 /BSI 
ANYTIME 
MONTE VISTA 
113 EAST ROSEWOOD 
2:oo To 5:oo p.m. 
JUST LISTED — charming one story rock — 3 bedrooms — 2 both* — toimol ond informal dining — ftreploced living orea 
I 
— FLUS - 2 story — I bedroom 
— J both studio apartment complete with kitchen during and living areel 
824 o121 
ANYTIMl 
THOUSAND OAKS 
164o2 LEDGE PARK 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 

OML Of * KIND One story white brick, custom burl! on comer lot 
4 bedrooms, 2' i baths, formal 
Irving and dining room, lorge dan with fireplace 
Lots of cabinets in kitchen pretty breakfast area, wet bot, com pletety corbeled 
342 3211 
ANYTIMl 
WILSHIRE PARK 
4131 BLOOMDALE 
2:3o to 6:oo p.m. 
DONT MISS this otlrorhve 3 bedroom. 2 both home rn ex cedent neighborhood con yamen! to windsor Folk Moll ond ft Sam 2 years old. mini condition 
Fe ivory fence low equity Alium* 754% VA loon. 

5283 monthly 
494 76SI 
ANYTIML 
MISSION TRACE 
11426 HOLLOW TREE 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 

Enjoy being bock la nature in this large 4 bedroom 2 both 
(one a dub) home rn a natural community of beautiful native oaks and wild flowers' High loco hon offotdi a fantastic view 
Enclosed garden oleo londscop ed by Los Folios is beautifully planned yet carefree No gross to mow Very private excellent professional sorority 
Fools, tennis courts 586 75o 34 ? 3211 
ANYTIME 
BLOSSOM HILLS 
136o7 CHENILLE DRIVE 
2:3o to 5:3o p.m. 
(harming, spouous golden ham* perfect tor busy ex ecutiv* 3 bedrooms 2 decorator baths, ond lorge hying area with fireplace fantastic kitchen com pieta with skylights, breakfast area, wet bor custom diaper deluxe refrigerator, washer ond dryer Must se* to opprecto'e 
Only 
555,9oo 
494 7651 
ANYTIMl 
HIDDEN FOREST 
1131 BIRCH HIU 
2:oo to 5:oo p m. 
Unusual contemporary hr level home fnjoy 4 bedrooms (or 3 plus gam* room), V h bofhv, lovely shuttered Irving ond din 
>ng areas Wolk lo otto pool end tennis courts Se* today lo ap predate extras 
565,5oo 494 
765! ANYTIME 
SUNSET HILLS 
4611 WINLOCK 
2 OO to 6:oo p.m. iicelltnt loc arian lo Mndwal 
Center 3 bedrooms 2 full tile baths, one car attached goroge central heat and o« (bom link fence 
578 SOQ 
342 3211 
ANYTIME 
FOX RUN 
166U HUNTING VALLEY 
2:oo to 5:oo p.rn 

•right, beautiful wife saving home' 
2 hvmg oreos, 
4 bedrooms. 2 baths, kitchen ond family room took out on coyer cd patio lemhc atta can yemen! to North last miMgry bases, schools ond shopping Ne city loxas 
$52,5oo 
494 7651 
ANYTIMl 
HELOTES PARK 
1o914 BAR X TRAU 
2:oo to 5 3o p m, 

Deck in the sky exquisite in level view at downtown skyline and tats af tinted gloss 
4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, 
2 fireplaces hooted pool with 
(Oiussi 34? 3211 Ahi ’ ' iMt 

 ti ACTORS - SO YU M OI I ■USI I 

7B35 WILD EAGLE 
(U e » iv « r» ity M ill*) 
OWEN 7 TO 6 

Energy saving 3 bedroom arith study formal dining and gourmet kitchen fontothc view an 82 

32o7 COLONY DR 
O pen 3 to * 

4 bedrooms, buck home with cord Wolk to moll, pool. 
541 DOD 

6 9 9 - 1 o o o 
DI ANIE 
OWENS CO. 
11*11o85 
AAU 

(teak Oft. 

O F * N I —# 

2819 DEER LEDGF tOH Vance Jackson) Mutt' le v e l 
4 b ed ro o m J bath, SFO,POO 

SISTER NARCISO 
3 49 )!?$ 
A A s s o t 
Inc 
34? 1373 

O H N 1oo 6oo 

HOMI) 

M A U N S T A T IO N IA S T ! 
O u r 
M o n t ta MF* 4 n a m h a m o s 
OO MAXTON m u ! WAI 
C MTO W ill? 
Recently 
* omplatad 

 br e tap butine* all a n o - t t a r y 
H o m a * mf 
1oo% mmaonry co*. 
Sfry(tl9fi 
3 N lv« 3 
I h a * 
4 b td fQ u m k l fte e u M u l 

&«#!* CMM* d a v O I* gee rag® a 
Fi»»gi®4t i cm d put*©a tow e l* wwtili *e- w e lt c ct m e tin g t 
Al»e«»3y tartest ©|M» ti rn tm tall native tre e * 
See til© rn t>K «m«l, to k e y o u r <b©tk© 
HI yew rn© (M H M ! hmm $44 3oo ta |$ t 7oo 
496 4411 
REALTOR) 

G U Y C H IP M A N C O 

Open House Sunday 2 S 
11911 Mesquite Mesa l e i | t ) bedroom , 7' boths 
J year old ham * rn Tanglew ood. 
Must se* ie otter *cigt« 
Reese H enry 
R e alto r 
655 3584 
N ile s 
653 7791 

P a g e I o - M 
S a n A n t o n io E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S u n d a y M a r c h 2 7 1 9 7 7 

2o1 REM ESTATE NOTICES 
" 2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
211 BEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
ZHI ;M .EST A T E U T O 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

X 

2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 

O P E N 2 - 6 
4o27 GLEN RO CK 

In Laurel Hills 
Truly lovely home with 4 large bedroom * and two both* 
3 o * 1 5 family room with fireplace Almost 2 4 o o sq ft of luxury Drastically reduced to low, low 7 o s 

3 4 9 -5 1 1 1 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 
N. CENTRAL OFC. 

 is being personalised in this superbly built home (UNDER CON 
STRUCTION) A very flexible pion GOURMAND KITCHEN 4V? baths. 3 fireplaces. Unusual guest house IO walk in closets 2ox4o heoted pool 
A professional greenhouse Two wet bors 
81o7 COUNTRYSIDE 
$275,ooo 
“ A Bill A lte r m a n C la s tic ' 
O p e n I to 5 D a ily 
Sa t. A Sun. I to 6 
A la m o H gts. S c h o o ls 
St. M a r y 's H a ll 
I of Nacogdoches Rd to Country In near Northwood blote* 
N o w is the p e rfe c t tim e to se le c t w a ll a n d flo o r c o v e rin g — if n e e d be. 
FRANCES LEVESON, r e a l t o r 
2 2 5 2 3 9 % A N Y T IM E 7 3 2 - 4 9 5 1 lf y o o ore in ttiu m a r k e t to b u ild , »<t w o u ld b e d e lig h te d to d isc u ss this w ith yo u . 

JUST COMPLETED 

1945 sq. ft. living area, includes 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, formal living-dining room, family room with fireplace, energy features throughout. Con­ venient to schools, 
1o6 CHAPARRAL DR. in 
Boerne city limits. All utilities. $56,5oo. 

GEORGE & QUICK BUILDERS 
242 S. MAIN, BOERNE, TX. 
1-249-2678 

EXCITING! SLIGHTLY 
CONTEMPORARY! 
Loaded with charm. One very large living area 

 with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and deluxe wet 

 tor. Separate dining, 3 bedrooms, high lot near 

Medical Center. Ask for VIRGINIA NIENDoRFF. 

Nites 342-o892. 

F L O U R N O Y 

REALTORS 
341-72o1 

4519 PECAN GROVE 

Pecan, Valley Beauty. Extra large 3 bedroom, 

Closets galore, family room with fireplace, all 

 built ins including side-by-side refrigerator. 

$6o,ooo. 

684-7171 
534-5451 

VAN BUREN & 
ASSOCS. REALTORS 
> sing ms 

I P * w s 

W INDCREST 
7o6 WEATHERLY 

OPEN SUNDAY l l A.M. TO 6 P.M. 

4 bedroom, 
2 '? bath, of! brick home with 
SUPER flooiplan 
Including o split bedroom arrangem ent 
F-ee form G ary Pool, with unique landscaping for privacy. 
S/ 9.OOO 

6o15 TOWN LEAF 

TOWNVIEW ESTATES 

A Saltillo tiled courtyard entry leads into this outstanding 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, located on a quiet cul de sac. It features formal living and dining, family room with fireplace, and a privacy fenced yard 
Convenient to schools and shopping $ 5 8 ,5 o o 

I_____ 

DALGO 

342-4177 

A ASSOCIATES, RfAllO RS 
REAL ESTATE 
824-o541 

681-3222 

144 RIDGE TRAIL 
All brick 4 bedroom executive home Two fireplaces with one to make the master bedroom cozy. la n d scap in g and e*terior decor of the finest This H ollyw ood Park home hos all the latest amenities 
At 
$ 8 4 , 9 o o you can become the proud owner — Quick occupancy too! 

349 4343 

DEANIE OWENS CO. REALTORS 

Blanco Rd. Oft. 

FANTASTIC VIEW PLUS LAKE 

Custom built split level rock home on 8 acres with small stocked lake. 
O ver 
2 ,2 o o sq ft living area. 
3 bedrooms, 2'/? baths, study or play room, huge deck overlooking 4 county area $ 7 5 ,o o o 

R.M. George Realty 

242 5. Main, Boerne TX 
1-249-3546 

CASTLE HILLS BEAUTY 

Luxury Traditional style 4 bedroom, 2 Vt bath 
Lovely den with fireplace, breakfast room overlooking beautiful­ ly landscaped yard and pool 
Too m any extras to list 
$95 ,o o o . 

____________ 
M A R J IE H O R T O N 
3 4 4 - 2 3 4 1 
6 5 3 - 5 9 3 6 
I a g o n e s 
RI 
WW 8 I A L T O 8 

YE OLD FOREST 

Surrounds this oldo English hom e 
Alm ost 2 ocres of forest, full of the King s deer 
5 bedroom s, 3 vj baths, game room, living room, redw ood deck lu xury features include wet bor, microwave oven and sun garden win dom 
O P E N S A I S U N 
W IN D W O O D ESTATES, exit 
Tarpon Drive, 17 miles north of W onderland on IH IO 

KCN CO. 
6 9 8 -2 4 4 5 

12318 CONSTITUTION 
FOUR BEDROOMS 

Beautiful home elegantly decorated la rge privacy ten ted yard with oaks Fireplace in living room, plus mony more extras 

A H O M E Y O U M U S T SH IH 

O P E N S U N D A Y 2 T O 6 
For y o u r in sp e c tio n 

824-2391 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTORS 

Austin Hwy. Oft. 

OAK TERRACE ESTATES 

Just completed for the right fomily, beautifully detailed 

 ond reody SIDI ENTRY GARAGE. Fireplace in large fomily 

 room, (overed patio ond much m ore1 Eves 653-9596. 

C B 

LAUREL HGTS. 

A BSO LU T ELY C H A R M IN G ! 2 bedroom ond 2 baths in this redecorated brick and cedar home, formal living, separate dining with built ms, 2 FIREPLACES!! Polished hardwood floors . . . oil electric kitchen. W O N T LAST 
$ 2 2 ,5 o o 
6 9 o-98o2 
CORNELIUS 

A ASSO CIATES I 
8 2 8 -6 3 4 3 
GREAT 
AMERICA 
REALTORS 

Truly A Hom e O f Distinction 
TERRELL HILLS 

W e offer this 4 bedroom, 3 bath home in 
TERRELL 
HILLS. 
Beautiful condition. Priced Reduced. 

Call for More details 822-33o1 
HARTMAN, REALTORS 

1351o BRINWOOD 

 large yard. compliment this immaculate, 4 bedroom , 2 both home Formal entrance w ay. divides lovely formal living room and dining room Paneled family room with fireplace lovely master bedroom suite with dressing oleo cmd minored closet door 
All diopes remain. Plus mony extra features Coll for appointment 

658-3535 

DEANIE OWENS CO., REALTOR 

Randolph Oft. 

ELEGANT FAMILY HOME 

G racious 5 bedroom 2 story brick home 
Meticulous planning thru out 
Heoted pool, beautiful landscaped yard located high on a hill rn 
Thousand 
O aks. 
Northeast schools 
$ 1 1 2 ,o o o 
Fox details call Ruby 

 z,pP 
341-2222 Any tim. 
O r t i n g 
_rP:T .. iii ii 
RAY TEAL, REALTORS 

COUNTRY L IV IN G lo ra e 3 bedroom. 2 bath, all brick hom e on a corner lot in Getom m o Forest 
O ver on acre of beautiful trees lovely cathedral beamed family room with fireplace 
O ver sued douPle gorage M on y extras 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEWING 

CAU 342-4115 ANYTIME 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

“EXTRAVAGANT AND LUXURIOUS HOME 
FOR THE DISCRIMINATING BUYER" 
FEAT URES: 
A Woaded s.ohl for privacy, 6/1o aero * I t I J I fomily living room * Vt-Ibol * 26 X 12 patio A Double pan* insulated floss * I loc trie kitchen self deaning oven a Fireplace A 3 bedrooms A 2 baths A l l X 2o kitchen ond oatino oroo. 
M u s t S e e To A p p r e c ia te 
O P E N I 2 — 
6 E V E R Y D A Y 
$ $ 4 , 7 5 o 
7 9 o 3 S H A D Y H O L L O W 
N orth on IH IO , left on 1 6 o 4 post UTSA. right on W hite town, then left on Shody Hollow to 
For Sole sign 
DOUGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT HOMES 
3 42-7324 

CORNER IOT PERFECTION 

62oo SPRINGTIME 

Ideal location for on ideol hom e looded with luxury features, including fireplace, cathedral ceilings and privacy fencing. The paneled den and breakfast bor ore eye catchers, ond the exclusive energy package mokes this a great find in T A N G L E W O O D with a V A price 
$ 42,6oo! 

U J Ray Ellison 
EZJ Homes 

 call 

696-817o 

TREES! TREES! and more TREES! 
UTSA AREA 
FROM 4 TO 15 ACRES 

Very private* Beautiful modem 3 bedroom, 2 both rock home 
Fireplace, central heat, built in kitchen 
Stables with commercial lion loge on FM 
16o4 
$ 1 4 o ,o o o , f morn tog cj va liable 
2 2 2 -2 2 8 2 
ROUTH A CO. REAL ESTATE 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
OPEN IO AM-6 PM DAILY TIL SOLD 

5 bedroom, 3 bath, 3 cor garage, deluxe swim m ing pool, split level, 3 6 o o sq ft living space, rock and cedar 4 tree covered acres 
3 o x 8 o ft steel building 
Just 15 minutes north in S T A G E C O A C H HILLS Alm ost vacant, stort m oving 
BILL PRICE REALTY 
698-21o7 
3 4 9 -2 6 o 7 

TREES AND FIREPLACE! 

6139 PECAN TRAU 

A n overued lot looded with trees, is the B O N U S with this beautiful brick home rn T A N G L E W O O D Cathedral! ceiling, paneled den, fireplace m okes this on eye cat­ ching beauty, petted tor enteiloinm g ond dow n home living in luxury! A V A price of $ 3 9 ,6 o o brings this beau ty within reach 

4119 CREEK RUN 
Beautiful 
Spanish 
M odern. 
This weekend only. This home 7 V a % interest, VA. O ffer ex pires S U N Midnight. 
O n corner lot. W est front. Spacious fireplace between twin sliding doors. 
Deluxe M a a ic 
Chef kitchen with m icrow ave oven $ 4 3 ,4 5 o . 
$1 .OO TOTAL m ove in VA 
5 % down Conventional 

 m Bay Ellison 
LZ? Homes 

Coll 

696-817o us*Home 
' TWIN CREEK 
681-1111 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

 wk rn 
* # i 

I T 
X 
1 

OLMOS PARK BEAUTY 

Nestled om ong moture trees on a lorge lot, 4 bedroon 
(or 3 ond sifting room), 3 full baths up, large formal di mg room 
M an y windows throughout for cross wen 
Hatton Centro! heat ond ait Room tot pool and tenr courts Ow ner financed at low interest $ 1 7 5 ,o o o 

6 9 o - 9 2 2 o , 4 9 2 - 1 3 5 1 
BILLY FELLOWS 

EXECUTIVE COUNTRY ESTATES 
1651 ROB ROY 
* 
1 3 acre * 4 bedroom * wood burning fireplace 
* wet bor * mony extras A quiet country lying with oil the city conveniences * no city taxes * one of a kind * corner lot * purchase before price increase * a baigam $ 5 9 ,9 5 o 

V A F in a n c in g a v a ila b le . usHome 

13515 LARKBROOK 
W O O D ST O N E 

3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, beautiful grey brick. 

Energy saving package 
From $27,95o-$31,95o 

John Gilliam 656-5474 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

Call 
Today 
684-3113 usHome 

17o4 AUTUMN WOODS 
HERITAGE FARK 
OPEN N O O N TIL 6 

 lovely new 
3 bedroom home, large master suite, separate from other bedroom s, family style kitchen with microwave oven. 
2 8 ft den heavily beam ed with cathedral ceiling, come early ond pick your color of carpet ond wallpaper $ 4 7 ,2 5 o 
Toke Son Pedro to Irookhollow , first right post Hiemer 
Rd 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-16o1 
494-1281 

FOR PEOPLE WITH A HOBBY 

This split level has a bonos room for any type of hobby or pool room. 
2 master suites, formal living and 
, --parate dining, large den with fireplace, beautiful covered patio, a great deal of space for the money. 

M A R Y i o u D oLaG A RZA 
344-2341, 696-1956 

CORNER LOT CONVENIENCE! 

117o3 SPRING SHADOW 

 live within walking distance of pools ond tennis courts, while the children wolk to school doily from this lovely home featuring Spom sh aa h s, at on affordable V A price of $ 3 6 ,8 o o This one has on exclusive energy pockage to bool rn beautiful B A B C O C K N O R T H 

Ii 
M o n o s 
CZI Ray Ellison 
LZ* Homes 

Coll 

696-817o 

Son Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— Sunday March 27 I 9 7 7 
P a g e I I -M 

 rn 
[STAIE I 
2o11 
2o1 REAL ESTATE M M S 
2o1 BEAL ESTATE MATICE! 
2o1 HEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 - HEAL ESTATE MOMS 
2o1 KEAL ESTATE HP HEES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE MOTICFS 
W I-rn HUTE I M fll M I M 
H H H 

ELEGANT COUNTRY ESTATE 

“ENERGY S A V IN G ” 
HOMES B Y REGENCY 
5 bedroom, 3 ’/? bath, large master suite with fireplace, wet bar, built-in bar-b-cue, Roman bath and many new features you must see to believe! 355o sq. ft. located on 8.o9 acres. 
$129,5oo. Just 15 minutes north of IH1o in 
FAIR OAKS. 
OPEN SUNDAY I - 5 
W.F. LACKEY & ASSOC. 
341-7o57 

LAST CHANCE! 
Oaks Northwest 
Close-out 
Sale 

O nly O ne 
Unit left 

FOUR 
BEDROOMS 

Separate master with cathedral ceilings, bright sunny kitchen, 3'/? baths, double elec­ tric garage. 

G o out Fredericksburg to Denore Rd.,- turn right, I block to O aks Northwest. 
699-92o1 
SANDISO N REALTY 

M AG N IFICEN T V IEW 

3 bedroom contemporary executive home in a very desirable N.E. location.Large living area with fireplace, wet bar, Roman bath, decked garden patio and many extras. 
656-3ooo 

DEANIE OW ENS CO. 
REALTORS - MLS 

P errin B eitel O ft. 

11534 WHISPER BREEZE 
W H ISPERIN G O A K S 
OPEN 3-6 SUNDAY 

Prestige Executive home, 4 bedrooms with game room, swimming pool. O N L Y 
2Vi YEARS OLD. $1 1o,ooo. 
6 9 6 -1 4 1 2 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

132o5 LARKYORKE 
Open Sunday, March 27, 2-5 

4 bedroom, 2 bath, with many, many extras. 
North on Nacogdoches right on O 'Connor and follow the open house signs 
65 4 -65 5 5 

T m 
(Hi 
WAYNE FOGUS REALTY 

RUSTIC PIUSH describes this open-styled 3 bedroom, 3 

 both home on 27 ocres north of Son Antonio. Ceramic- 

 tiled kitchen, bath and foyer, library, cathedral ceiling in 

 living, family and kitchen orea. Fireplace and o gorgeous 

 view from the exceptional deck Lovely restricted area 

Roved rood. SI 59,ooo 

FLYING R REALTY & INVESTMENT CO. 
(512) 438-7429 
899-2793 

LU XU RIO U S CO UNTRY LIV IN G 

Three bedroom , three bath custom built hom e of native stone, situated on its ow n 5.841 acre estate. 

FEATURES: 
+ Double Fireplace 
★ Patio With Panoramic View 
* Double Pane Insulated Tinted Glass 
-A Ideal Retirement And Low Taxes 

Situated 45 Miles N W of San Antonio in the beautiful Bandera Hill Country. 

OTHER HO M ES A N D SCENIC 
BU ILDIN G SITES AVAILABLE 

Shown by Appointment only. 
I -— 51 2 —- 7 9 6 - 4 6 7 7 

1 - 5 1 2 — 7 9 6 - 4 5 7 4 
THOMAS O. SMITH JR. BUILDER 

...... 

3 M I baths, form al Irving ond dining room s, laundry room. Spiral staircase to entertainment loft overlookin 

SPECTACULAR V IE W 
OW NER MUST SELL 
E.elative custom brick, detective French contem porary terraced rock, double lot (no gross), 2 7 o o sq. ft , 4 large bedrooms (private master suite with marble both), full n. Spiral 
2 o x 2 4 den, 2 upper 3 o ' decks offering 3 6 o " city view. 
M ony luxury features including electric garage door, water Seffner, buiit-in vat., intercom, fireplace, etc. Im mediate occupancy. Babcock ond Loop 4 1 o area. 
4142 HIGH SIERRA 
Reduced $ 1 2,6 o o to $79,9oo (FIRM) 
By app’t, Ow ner, 4 9 4 -2 2 3 7 (P.M.) 

W ILLIAM SW INNEY 

9o63 GARDEN RIDGE 
OPEN 1-4 SUNDAY. 

An oak studded ocre sets the scene foe this spacious, brick 4 bedroom home in Beautiful Garden Ridge. Large fireploced family room plus carpeted living and dining rooms. Built-in electric kitchen Breakfast area A greenhouse ond kennel too. Country living with city convenience Mid S6o s. HITES 
824-446o. 

NORTH LOOP INC. 
R E A LT O R S'M LS 
8 2 8 - 5 6 3 6 

HEY 
CIU HIP 
INC. 

H L A L T O H S 

22918 CIELO VISTA on 3 acres o f scenic w o o d e d lan d 
-6 268o sq. ft. living area 

IH IO North to Leon Springs exit — Under 
IH IO and left to Cielo Vista — 2 miles south of Summit Oaks. Just started — so you con select your own colors. $54,ooo. 

C . 
J e- 
491-1o72 
S w in n e y C o . vest-oioo 

ELEGANTLY DISTINCTIVE 

H IL L C O U N T R Y V IL L A G E grot taos 6 bedroom with pool and tenon court, on two acres of large trees. 4 9 4 
771 1 . 

O A K H IL L S spacious 5 3'/j-2, on over on acre. Ideal for entertaining, 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 

S A N P E D R O H IL L S great 4 2 V 2 , tom.!, ho*ne. Plenty of room for stalag and hobbies 8 2 8 8 2 4 I 

EL D O R A D O Elegant 3 2 2 with Keo I cd pool. Ideal location for N E bases. 6 5 6 3 4 4 I 

O L Y M P IA 
OPEN 2 TO 5 

Five Homes Northeast In O L Y M P IA 
Follow the signs beginning on Pat Booker Rd. 
Price range $ 3 7 , 5 o o to $ 5 o , o o o 
3 and 4 bedrooms up to 1,9 o o sq. ft. 

6 5 8 - 3 5 3 5 
Deanie O w ens Co. 
Realtor — MLS 
■Warn* 
OU. 

OW N A. . . 
MIKE KINDER O RIGINAL 
IN 

OAK VALLEY • OAK CREEK NW 

SPLIT 5-4-3 BEDROOMS 
3-4 BATHS 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 

8 V 2 °/o Interest 
9 models open daify, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Out Vance 
Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

T H d u K ttu U x , S u d d e n 
696-833o 
Place your Home of Distinction...Call 225-1666 

FIRST TIME FOR SALE 
COUNTRY SIDE 
EXECUTIVE TRANSFERRED 

Neatly new split level, 4 bedrooms, 2 V* baths, beautifully decorated, separate dining, huge den with corner fireplace, custom drapes. Chur­ chill High School 341 7 2o1, nites 344-9956. 

Ask for CHRISTINE EMERSON 

R E A L T O R S 
3 4 1 - 7 2 o 1 
F L O U R N O Y 

2o? HOUSES OPEN 
2o? HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o? HOUSES OPEN 
?U? HOUSES OPEN 
2o? HOUSES OPEN 

IO UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY HOMES 
O P E N I O A . M . - 7 P .M . 
$53,8oo to $79,8oo 

Homes designed with open spoces, lots ot glass and wood. 

A treed, tolling subdivision with a pork, pool, lighted tennis court ond security 

O ff Bulverde Rd 
(W etm ore Rd ) 2 miles north of 
Thousand O o ks D r 6 2 miles north of lo o p 4 1o. 
GREEN SPRING VALLEY 
494-754o 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• W HISPERING O A K S • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER’S CREEK 
PRESTIGE H O M ES 
\ 
HONTfR 
CRASK 
• lotting Mil ort* oak trees 
• bi Berth fest et Koithwde Wheel (bitnet 
• It a mtMw vees 
• Burnet ISU.ooU lo $17o.ooo 

Pone Golden end (stale Hemet Or 
(intern bield, and theme deter 
C O U N T R Y 
Y 
^ l W D ! 

 lOOR 41o 
492- IQM • 494 $249 • 492 2272 

O P i N H O U S E 3 T O 5 
2o2 CANTERBURY Hill 
TERRIU Hills AM SCMOOIS 
(Intent J story bark Im dis nnautshed luring tnhomed by high (citings, handsome mill worn 4 J. qtrs, 3 car garage tieing loom rn th fnegtate, fat md senora!* dining, land* up ad yoni 9 hole putting green 
221 BURR ROAD 
I {M IU HHIS AH StHOOIS 
Overlooking golf course This stately J story bock built by a nas 3 or 4 bedrooms. J Vt 
I, kvmg room with fP epees to sitting room I ai mal dining ond morning looms, gtis Central heat ait, sprinkle! system 
2135 OAK CREEK 
SAN PtORO HILLS 
(OAK HoUoW (STAUS-OH 
UOOKHOUOWl 
Handsome end spacious 
3 2 2, white buck 27*1/ kvmg room is en 
(tented by cothedol ceilings. wood burning fneploce Bester bedroom with dressing loom 
Sunny gourmet kitchen with dbl even Immediate possess 

JONIS XING 

OP EN MOUSE t l- » Sat Sun 47o7 ft am itate 4 J J. covered patio, privacy fence, carpeted new paini, swimming and tennis club 
Near US AA, Medical Center. UT- sa ob a/gee 
O P EN 2 $ 
N O R TH E R N H ILLS 
421$ F O N D R E N 
4 72 elegant IpH Must see today 

RID CARPET 

OMAN 2— 4PM l i n t LAKE AKIAK. In Lakeside 
Very low vaulty, torte 3 bedioom, 
! I both J cor aurate See today 
Niles 4$) 7447 

O P E N SAT— SUN 1 -1 
M I U S A N P IP E R . In (.ive Oak 
Beautiful J-l-1 with family ream, fireplace covered patio, ond pri­ vacy fence 
44o7 LA M A R Q U I S * . In Old 
F a rm it 
S p a c io u s 4 i i on c o u n t Don t mix* this one at it bos every thine and the erica is right' 
41o4 S M O K E Y B E N O In North era Hills Bib I story * 1 1 un the gelt course Don t miss seeing this 
B M I 

OPtN JUN 21o 6 
SAN PEDRO HULS 
17o7 BROGAN 
4 bedroom split level, huge form ii loom with (neptaie lovely yon) low SO I 

MOCKINGBIRD POND 
CALLAGHAN RD. 
No. SOI 
Iou must see this 3 bedroom I VS bath condo, heated neat Ned 
Cen lei. Convenient to everything, pined rn low 4o1 

 ll (MAPARRAl 
5o14 PELICAN 
Iou will love this 3-2 2 It is vupei clean and ond dmstnotly leducod ta sell now1 

HOUT WOOD PAIK 
118 CANYON OAKS lins S kediuom 4 both home it greet lot your huge tannin 267o ig It, loaded with storage Kneed to sell last 
349-5111 
349-3535 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
M A U oR$- M U 
N Central Oh 

OPEN HOUSE 
2 : 3 o - 5 : 3 o 

* N O R T H W iS T * 
154 OAKHURST 
3-1 ConvMltd 
527, SOO 
152o7 GREY FOX 

3 2 2, country setting 
'38,9$o 

4419 HOUYRIDGl 
3 2 1 
S31.9So 
3123 WHITE WING 
4-2 1 
532,8oo 
6832 SPRING ROSI 
3 2 1 
$31,6oo 

* S O U T H W E S T * 

8618 FAILING TIMBER 
3 1 1 
$22,ooo 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
, 349-1121 

O R IN SUNDAY 2 TO 5 
5919 SENECA large 4 bedroom home near UTU 
USM Medical Centai Fined at 
$54,9oo Immediate occupancy 
559 LIVELY 
(O H Vance Jackson) lovely to look at, lovely to awn 
Slop by ond hove a look at the neatest, cutest, best buy in town) 
(icelient location 
642 SUNHAVEN lovely 3 bt (bourn hem*, located rn 
Windcrest 
(las* ta eeerythmg S4S.ooo 
684-433o 
344 62o7 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
KAUORS— M U 
Bandera Rd Oh 

2o4 PBOPtHrV OBI QI IoBW 

HOUSE SALE 
Hah*, Texas Special 
Overlooking th* town ond lust outside the aly limits 3 Bedrooms, 
Irving room, dining, kitchen, breakfast wee, den end utility latently remodeled lours new et 
S22.5oo< 
9 1 5 - 2 4 7 - 5 3 4 2 
9 1 S - 3 S 2 - 3 4 7 S 
Johnson and Inks 
Realty 

J5LEAL.TONS 

O N A W A N I AO int Numete to c a c i is » y s l o n e 
IXPOISS ANO M W S 

HAP B E S S A *S1 O IH Anytime 
O P E N I i 
Price reduced I*.OOO Owner must sell this super I bedroom IOO", b n tb with alm ost 1,4oo sa ti , swimming pool end m ath more on over an pert Come on oui and 
SOO Of 727o T R E E S E N D 4*12 *4 
BED CARPET 
" " C ill j l i 1666 

O P E N SU N D A Y 12 la i 
SOH Nimbus. Seneca Estates 
Sv owner, luxurious master suite, with deluxe bath, spacious clo sots sun deck Almost 2oooSu P l, 
12 2, toe mal living dining rooms 
Large den with Breakfast area 
Cothadral ceiling fireplace. U F I bar Unique kitchen Much star age Well kept yard fenced, co­ vered patio oar den immaculate not J yrs old $44,von bbl 1977 Nu 
RsisN___________ __________ 

O P EN SU N DAY I- I 
421 RITTMAN 
T IP TOP S H A P E ! Alam o Hats schools, troat, beautiful, fenced yard. I bedroom, I bath, patio 
*41-74*7 
W F LACKEY ft ASSOC 

O P E N 2 T O 4 
146o3 STARCROSS 
H E L O T E S P A R K 
E S T A T E S 
) bedroom 2 bath. tor avoue view tram a ti pane Wall priced at 
1*9*44 
499-1ooo A n ytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
RA AL T O R S-lu r tie Creek Ole 

OPEN HOUSE 
SAT. O rd SU N . 
1 2 - 6 P M 

N o w Su p e rb H o m o s 
University O aks 
M odal Homa 
1 
48o2 BUCKNELL 

 r a s n a r a 
Trito, Realtors 
3 4 9 - 6 4 9 1 

SOLAR A SSIST E D HOME 
Domestic waler heatm t system will save energy •« this 4 be droom, J** bath, Contemporary 
Now under consrtuction 2 up stairs decks with unbalteveable views Crows noel in hut# family roam with woad burning fireplace an * I a c re s at trees T R A IL 
WOOD SUB D IV IS IO N IH IO NW* 
O P EN THIS W E E K E N D r n 
CU STO M HOME B U IL D E R S 

. a n s a _____ 
2458 TEXAS 
I M , SI M o ly t area Sunday 
11— Jam 
7J* 74*7 
44*97*3 
M A R T IN E / R E A L T O R S 

O P E N I J W E A T H E R 
P E R M IT T IN G 
IN P A R K F O R EST 
Take lo c h hill Selm a ta P ork 
Manor ta 
IM IS T IM B E R FO R EST 
Charming custom. Contemporary 
I years new Entry courtyard. u>* »drui callings, dual fireplace, wood shingle root. privacy trace, priced in the *o*4. tar quick s 
424 JcJJ, 424 7114 
Mane Sate Hiyeattm s 
TO W NHO USES 
Exquisite hom es surround en closed wall and pool, set among flow erin g fra g s end garden , 
French street lamp Tall clum neys, balconies bay windows 
Glass, stucco, brick 2 available. 
7 3 bedrooms ut* and H92 Gar rate Rd , Perk C a rro ty Open 
‘ Am »£.V. £LIAU, u u a i 
5125 WHEATLAND 
Open 7 -5 Kirby 
You erg invited to see a very spa etal custom home 74 beamed ceiling living area. with built ms galo re co m plete ly equipped country kitchen, ) bedrooms, 7 luxury baths, carpet, all this on a tai ut ptivucy lanced corner lot 
Priced in th# *9'e Do Come! OH 
Ackerman Road 
874 o4o4 
R E A L T O R S 
474 44*7 
SUE W E E M S A ASSOC 

KEY GROUP 

4 furnished modern cabins with kitchen rn excellent con 
Alton, 14o ft waterfront on lake tuchanan. large lot hon ting on Lakeshore Du**, see wall, bool lamp, well. apptoved septa system Outstanding lay pined below market 
C O N T A C T Jim In k s 
B o o 111 
H o n d o , Tx 7 8 6 4 3 
9 1 5 - 2 4 7 - 5 o 1 I 

?Q4property out of towk 
International Designer Pattern 

BUILDER MUST SEU 
In New Braunfels, New Brick l l 't i. 2oo4 SO FT 
Fireplace, 
*43 *o4, terms 1 475 o5o7 
B Y O W N E R 49 acres Rachel 
Tex i i mites South at Falfurrias. 
Tex in Brooks Co Brush pasture, good hunting • door, lovolm o quail, dove Call or write Alberto 
G ario . IO* E Peter, Edinburg 
Tex 74*3* *12 M 3H 42 

73oo5, Jack et 

Castroville, city lot nice neigh bor hood. water and sewer booked up. ready to build I >39 24*4 
Central Colorado, * pius acres. 
Sim i W et Co lorado Springe 
724 *7*1 

73o25, Sk irt j » i 

I a c h o * » e 
I 

') 

Commercial property in Colpus 
Christi (*17 S Staples ond Mory) far sale ar trade for San Antonio property 774 71 ll. 737 5*4* 
Energy saving home in N B so tar hat water, elite neighborhood all extras, low utilities. SS? *44 Bv 
1 t a w ? ______________ 

5 ACRES 
A rock home is under construe hon on this * nerts Choose your own paneling. M e and interior to lars 3 bedrooms, fireplace, near Guadalupe River I* milos from Boerne 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
CHH Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne ?4* 2o4 >____SA.,. I™ . LUI 
Ii acies Near Big Bend in Brew star County Excel hunting and leireotion *4244 5*4-4*22_______ 

BOERNE 
This lovely 2 bedroom m obile home is all set Up in a retirement pork with p rivacy tram other homes There is o large covered patio, carport, storage building ond landscaping Tnt cai aet end washing machine ere less than one year ala Boerne is a nice sue town tai shopping and unlaying lite Call us 
, 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
CHH Lewis, Realtor 
Bovi ny 24* 7441 
S A 224 7 1 71 

I* JJS 1666 
_____ IXkktSS ANO N IWS______ 

EXCELLENT BOY 
This home is in a nice pert of 
Boerne and priced to sell This lovely home has 3 bad rooms 2 boths. double aor our and separii- den with fireplace A large studio and patio with this home on t 
; tats with chain link fence A good sto rage house in back yard 
Priced *3* 4o4 
‘ 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY t 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 74* 7o41 
S A 774 'i n 
LY T LE. TEXAS 
I bemourn home. large lot, repair ond save Only *12,o44 total SAM 
WORO. R E A LT O R 1 44* 7421 De 

HSX_______________ 
2o6 TOWNHOUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ 

A NEW WAY OF LIFE 
Selact on* af these San Pedro 
H ills Townhouses and enioy a move OOW N in space lo clt-on. vara lo keep, pool to clean, but a 
M O V E UP to convenience, ole gone*, and leisure time 
Call 34* 14)4 Anytime 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. R E A L T O R S 
J" b e a u t i f u l 
Beyond wards Storybook styling 
1-3 bdl me, small European tam 
Flex 
Towering root, chimneys. 
Set round Doweled golden pool 

B L O SSO M P A R K , lovely earth lone colors. Cheery sky lighted bathrooms, fireplace, self cleon 
• ma even. 3-1' i t, priced ta sell, t3/,*4i. bv ownei 4*4 57*7 
I A U I i i 1666 

T h in filled )Hr bet from l-M chn* m hun ii hidden vi*r|»-r undt'r th*- l**fl (runt panel an d o t s th* paneled nhirt, A run tx it* I part hitotta bell to mut* Ii tin- conli.im (o lla finiahen t (na total look. F u lir i* * 
Ugh use tub I w in!, linen, raw oilk, A nn rn-1. 7 3oo5, Jacket and 7 lit. 1( 
Skirt are rut on ly iii M u m m S ire n I I M * . S i n 
( J re- q u ire * 2 I ''B >dn. of 45** fullfil p iu s I I sd. ut run trant for th*- jill ki t and I 3 4 Min. for tis* nkirt, To ardor band p« He rn number, ni/i>, Hume, uddrtraa End rip. P rie r 73oo6, Ju* krt, 42.5o; 73o25, Skirt, 42.o(1 or both for B3.6o, Add 3 o * for potting!- iud handling fur 
E A C H phi iv? rn, bptxdi-M M in i < Minto# with 91 p age s of n < i nt styli-*., in c lu d in g a v r r 3 o ult new d e i g n * . , • 2 .o o pion 2 5 9 pisa tug*-, Mn lu- cheek p*t> utile to Spud* M, Send ism era lu thin newopupt r, t/ o npBdeu, 2 B rid ge St., M ilford . N J 
,o19*48. Ile pl. 

 p °g< I 2-M 
Sa n Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sunday M arch 27 1977 
21o M 
S NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
121o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
I /IO HOUSES NORTHEAST 
1 
HOUSES NORTHEAST 
_ 
21o HOUSES NORTH! 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

O U N I TO 6 

43o1 MUIRHEID 
IN TNT VIUAGt IN OAK Hills, 
CHARMING 3-2-2 with fam ily room and fireplace. C lo u to community club hoot* and pool. $79,5oo. 
43o7 MUIRHEID 
IN THE VIUAGI IN OAK HIUS, 
Boautiiul 3 bedroom, 2 bath 
?lorden home with corner im plore, ond wet bor in fam ily room. 2 community poolt and club house. 
$78,5oo 
12915 COUNTRY 
R I D G E 
See this beautiful 
3-2' i -2 home in like new condition 
One living area, lovely drapes, prestigious area, and other splendid features. 
$71,ooo 
115o7 WHISPER 
LEDGE 
IN WHISPERING OAKS, super 
4-2 V i-2, with extra lorge fam ily room loads of storage $81,5oo. 
2535 BENRUS 
IN WOODLAWN HlllS, great 
4-2-2 for the lorge family. 
W all-to-wall carpeting throughout. $43,9oo. 
3o15 WHISPER FERN 
IN WHISPERING OAKS, alm ost new 
4-3’/i-2 with custom drapes throughout. Wet bar, fireplace, office in garage. 
$78,5oo. 
6618 lAURELHIll 
IN OAK H lllS, Custom 5-3-7. on large corner lot. 
Con­ venient to everything. 
$98,5oo 
4o7 SUMNER 
Real Buy! fresh es a daisy with new paint in ond out All new corpet. Chorming 2-1-1 has range, dishwasher and refrigerator, lorge patio, privacy fenced. Trees 
Don t miss it. Open terms. $71,ooo 
1o22 GARDINA 
Bring your paint brush, 2 bedroom, I Erath home with carport 
Close to Eras ond 
Wonderland. $15,5oo. 
4511 MOANA 
"Super location" 
Neov 
W indsor Park Moll. W alking distance ta elemenetory school love ly 3-2 home witn beautiful kitchen ond den. 
$26,5oo 
3o17 CHARTER 
CREST 
IN 
CHARTER 
OAKS, 
Pro­ fessionally landscaped. 
5 bedrooms one story like new home on quiet cut de-soc. 
Sprinkler system 
Mother-in- low plan $71,9oo 
64o2 HANDSOME 
LAKE 
IN SENECA ESTATES, Pretty 3 
2-2 Spanish design home on corner lot fam ily room with fireplace $46,5o6. 
54o RUA DE MATTA 
Bast buy in Hollywood Park, 
3-2-2. outstanding home on tree coeered lot. Gorgeous master suite. 
Q uality throughout. $57,5oo 
542 CRAIGMONT 
IN CRESTHAVEN HEIGHTS Nice 
I bedroom home with living, dicing end fam ily room. 
$28,25o. 

8 2 4-82 4! 
656-3441 

INQUIRIES INVITED 
ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 

2 o - 2 4 U n it s 

M C . 

I I 

Various loc at ions 
Flexible 
Terms 

N E Y 

G R O U P 
MC 
STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 

824-4351 

77o1 Broadway 441o4 

4.23 Acre Private Estate 

Improved with 
3ooo sq. 
It. custom residence with 3 furnished guest cottages. 
Appraised $236,ooo. Land $ 1 2 o ,o o o . Im pavem ents $116,ooo. Zoned for private estate, apartments, mobile homes, or other commercial. 
Beautiful commanding view with 34o ft. IH 35 North frontage. O ffered at $195,ooo with terms by owner. W ill 

 consider some trode. 
828-o443 

APARTMENTS 
* Units, over I o cro ct land, I blk from ani* course /O'* Com pleted, over SSO.OOO in ve ste d B e st re g sonoble ofter buys 977 57)5. 
D U P L E X. 3 I .c a r p o r t , fe n c e d ct. cle a n in sid e o n d out. ap p lio n ccs One side a v a ila b le tor im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y S3*.SOO 
Open Term s 
Century 21 
B » R A N S O M P E A L T Y QU //QI 
D U P L E X O W N E R F IN A N C E 
Plu s hom e iii re o r blo Income 
S i} 1oo9 Bespondek W ily 656 566/ 
H IS T O R IC A L A R E A 
Super duplex with quest house Mi c e ilin g s , h a rd w o o d flo o rs , tire places, equipped kitch en, centro! e veryth in g 834-3333 
M A Z IE S A L E M ILL, R E A L T O R 
I N V E S T M E N T , a p a rtm e n ts . 4 unit ow ner m anaged, best M a in tenonce. near bu siness d is trict 
824 45o7 
REQUA REALTY CO 

NEW LISTING 
D u p le x and g a ra g e a p a rtm e n t. 
E x ce lle n t condition, low m om ten once G ood Investm ent ot S I/.59o 
Located in high dem and area 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S M om 
A ve 
Ofc 
___________ 716 7275_____________ 

ON KAYTON 
Hom e Plus Incom e On corner lot 
I bedroom eoch side plus 4 room cotta ge on P ie d m o n t C o ll now 
834 4531, nites *34 o/44 
Turner Realty 

W O O D STO N E 
4948 W OOD ST ONI 

Country ond cor eft •« living ton be yours today See these *> citing iwxt lownhomes with gorgtous hill (auntly view 
Northwest mea neat UT5A ond 
USAA 538,7oo to 548 4oo Only 
S H down with one ytat buy bock pion lot details, ion 69o 
1192 
N aylor Realty Inc. 

S E L L O R T R A D E 
E a u it y in 4 u n it o p t h o u s e j- 
O wner agent 734 1o31 otter 6 

TWO STORY C O M A L 
D uplex near Pecan V o lley , corn e r lot B ric k , la rg e room s, b u ilt in. , cen tral heat a ir. e xce llen t con di 
! hon SSS,VOO 

Van Buren % Assoc 
.84 /1/1_______.54 MOS 
596 5896 j 
8 unit oportm ent house 722 P ic k 1 n e y . O w n e r w illin g to to k e in duplex on trode 
.84 4711 or 751 9941 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
\ 
5 Units, I bedroom n ear Et Som . | all rented 55*5 Incom e, sep arate I m eters STV.OOO O r w ill trode up I 
Stan Poale. ow ner agent. *95 1771. 
494 5371 __________________________ 

8 U N IT S M A S O N R Y 
Incom e 547o per m o lo ll rented) 
Separate m eters On bus A skin g 
$ SS, OOO O w ner finan ced 
/ I . 4735 
73* ooo7 
_________G R A C E L A IR D _________ 
48 U N IT S 
S eparate M eters 
Located rn good re ntal area G ood occup an cy re co rd 

SANTER CO., REALTORS 

653 o46o 
_ 

W hy not o du p le x that p a y s tor its e lf N ear Et Som , larg e room s. 
7 co r g a rag e on big lot Incom e 
53oo p e r m on th S38.Soo F lo y d 
P rice R ealty, ca ll H a rris Em n ey 
I 334.3393 C o m to rl. R o y a l C row n 
N eolty. Lots P e en 533 9131 
Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s t o r I wants to buy 3 33 older units fro m re tirin g ow ner. P a trick 343 3473 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

R t A L T O R 
141 18*7 

EDYTHE 8. COOPER 

A A STEAL! at SIMM tor eauity on V A loan 7 bedroom patio house R e trrg e ra tor. d ish w a sh e r in clu d e d N e a t 
C oll John G ra y . 494 333o 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
------------- 1 B l a u Y y------------------ 
3-7 7. den. ce v e re d p o lio to nice yard . fru it tre e s, p riv a c y fen ce, bay w indow b re ak fa st W orksh op 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 838 3331 

MONTE VISTA 

 lovely Spanish Multo fntrv, Bv ing room with (implore, timing room ond sun room 
Newly deroroied, built in kitchen 3 2. 
826 5893, 878 196? 

QUIET AREA 

Burk home with (ounhy kit 
(hen 
? fireplaces, finished 

Tin 
3349 

 playroom 3-2Vx. Double garage carport 
732 1791, 
824 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 

 formol home in Olmos Pork 
Quality construction, lovely grounds 
7 or 3 bedrooms, 3 baths 824 3349. 826 56oo 

N E A R TR IN ITY - 
S A C 

Great do over. kvng room with fireplace 2 I plus guest house ond both 2o s 826 3738. 733 

8946 

ELEGANT LIVING 

Beautifully designed home in 
Terrell Hills 5ooo pins sq ll, heeled 
824 
Magnificent lot with pool 
S 3 plus quoters 
5279, 826 3738 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 

R e a lt o r 8 2 6 - 8 6 7 3 
A n y t im e 

 usHome 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

$ I MOVE-IN VA 
CONVCNTIONAl 5% DOWN 
No Payment Till MAY 77 

We have several 3 bedroom pions. 
$27,95o-83o,95o 

AU HOMES FEATURE: 

 is 1oo% Burk (o1 tcfion i s 
Handcrafted • Wood burning fireplace I S fnergy i s Saving Pockoge \S Cor pet \S Central heal an 1S 
Deluxe Mogi< (bef all Clarine 
Kitchen iS J (rn Goroqe 
5 f l i t NISH ID MOO US 
OREN 9-9 
WOODSTONE 
C A U 
JO H N G ILLIA M 
6 5 6 -5 4 7 4 

 your o ld h ouse for o new ' o il brick hom e 

 iASY TO OO: 

Y o u pick on e o f our new h om es an d w e toke your o ld house in tro de 
N o b o th er, n o d o u b le p a y m erits 

C o ll to d a y on bow to tro de in your o ld house o n a new oil brick hom e. 

6 5 9 - o 4 7 1 

4 B D R M 526,5oo l l sou nd s u n b e lie v a b le , b u l it s 
•rue T h e y 're acco m p a n ie d bv I fuM baths A p p lia n ces stov Y o u r pel w ill s la v In th is nice fen ced yard 834 o171 
RLD CARPET 
_________R E A L T O R S 

5 B E D R O O M S 
* or the e xtra larg e to m ily L o v e ly 
3 story hom e b u ilt by S iodek in p o p u la r N o th e rn M ills 
A lo t of house for 339.9oo C o ll 174 o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

“ A L A M O H G T S ” 

G iv e you r you n gste rs a break, bu y this hom e near 
C a m b rid g e 
S ch o o l an d 

 p la yg ro u n d , p n co d in 
3 o s 
C a ll 
8 2 8 3 3 o 1 
N ile s 8 2 8 4 5 o o 

“ TER R EII HILLS” 

C h arm in g 4 b e d ro o m , 3 both hom e, b ra n d new kit 

 chen, id e a l hom e for gro w in g fam ily 
Price 

 re du ced 
O ffic e 
8 2 8 
3 3 o 1 N ile s 7 3 5 6 6 3 8 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

Bv owner. D evonsh ire. 3-2-2. 75*%. m o s o n ry . la rg e c o v e re d p o lio , huge m aster bd rm 
494 1348 
342-3574 

BY OWNER LL DORADO 
Super clean, la rg e 4 3-3. ) y rs old lorge yard, com p letely fu rn ish ed patio, b u ilt In b ric k B o r B Q ue pool, liv in g d in in g rm , s e p a ra te dinette, den w ith fire p la c e , c o r pet, th ru out, 7,oooSg FI , M id 
55o s, fin a n cin g negotiable 
433 1o78 
By Owner E n ch an te d Fo re st 
) bedroom p lu s stu dy, stone ex te n o r, e x c e lle n t con d . fe a tu re s larg e entertain in g area, fire p la ce , 
By appt only. 
11.JI Sondm on 
144 1914 

BY OWNER 

5 BEDROOMS 
In C am elot It. V > baths, separate liv in g on d d in in g ro o m s, la rg e d e n 
Id e a l ta r la r g e f o n d ly ! 
N ortheast schools 348.5oo 
141 4491 
N ile s 82* 4743. 715 171/ 
G E O R G E F L O O D R E A L T O R S 

4 BEDROOMS 835,25o 
This 4-3-2 is "n e at as o p in " L e s s than t ye a r old D ouble o a rag e. larg e H ying a re a w ith fire p la c e 
N orth Son 
Antonio 
Won t last long' 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
49o 93o7 

I 3 2. fire p la ce , one liv in g a re a n e a r g o lf c o u r s e a n d te n n is c o u rts , N E I S O 
A s s u m e /'»»» note 
343.5oo 
N O A G E N T S 
*31 ms.___________________ 
B Y O W N E R . 4 3 2. H igh C ou n try. hreploce. co ve re d p o lio 431 29*3 
B Y O W N E R in V a le n c ia . 4 3 3, c e n ! a ir h e a t, b e a u t if u lly la n d sca p e d , co v p a tio , c a rp e l. 
SSI VOO 
H O H 
E l Sendero 
4 SF 7998 
B Y 6 W N E R . L iv e O a k . 4 2 7. 
3318 3o per m o . 314.ooo I Story. 
*54 79o1 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 
CO M I AND TALK 

Assume low equity on this extra 
(leon, 
4 2 2 
Hos everything 
Must see now* Mites 494 2191. 
SHOW AN D S I U 

You ll find ii hard lo resist this 
Californian with (ustom drapes 

 freshly pomted inside and oui. 4 
2 2, in eirellent condition Miles 

658 1428 
CUTE-COZY 

Assume 7% loon on this 3 I I, fully equipped kitrhen, high on 

 hill, famed yard 
[xtro (leon 
Nites 494 2191 
•■AUTY IN M IC K 

 fresh as spring. 3-2 with finished game room. ORIN living (oncepl 
Noster bedroom, 18x1o, 1oo% 

 brick Miles 658 1428 
•ONUS B O O M 

3 2 2, bonus room lot game room or formol dining fireplore ond 

 redwood (overed polio. 
Mites, 

824 98IB 
BIO BACKYARD 

3 2 2 hos hod much TK Deluxe carpeting, extros galore Assume 
6% VA loon Quick ornipanry 

Niles 658 1428 
M OVE IN NO W 

This 3 2 2 is practically new ond immaculate, fireplace, carpeting, lorge walk in closets Privacy fen 

 cod, nice landscaping. Oak bees ond other extros mokes this on excellent buy. REDUCED — Owner transferred, will consider second lien Niles 656 8718 
COME AN D TALK 

Owned by 
Norton 
Southwest 
Really, we will cut this price lo the minimum to sell 
Move in now, 3 2 2, with lormol living ond dining rooms plus separate 

 family room Pnvory fenced yard 

Miles 874 9818 
REAL CHARMER 

3-2-2, Volley forge home low equity, nicely arranged, quirk possession Niles 872 9438 
CAPTIVATING 

3 2 2, fully carpeted, golden kit 
(hen, (overed polio SUNKfN ion veruilinn men, hreploce, pro lessionoily landscaped 
Im 

 medtole occupancy 
Mites 658 

1478 
QUIET STB IIT 

Another Sungote beauty 3 2 1 with fully equipped kuchen fen ced yard Mony owner added ex bos, mokes this one reoHy 

 sptciol Mites 494 7191 
SPACIOUS 

UNDER $45oo equity moves you into this SU Pl 8 CUAN 3 2 2 with 

SPAK 
GALORE, huge master bedroom, custom drapes, comer lo! Mites 658 1428 
MODESTLY PRICED 
A cathedra! ^earned ceiling lends sporiouinessWo this lovely 3 2 2 home, located on a quiet tul de sac Available in late lune 
NEAT 3 BEDROOM 

3 IV! I, nice trees, stove ond relrigeratoi remcnn, large pantry, 

 priced lo sell Mites 826 7668 
EXTRA NICI 

Needy pointed on a quiet cul de 

 soc 4 2 I hos spill bedroom pion, 

 double gale lo backyard Niles 
494 2191 
OAT CMI NIOMT 
4 ) 5 4441 

 l i l t IF I O U 
S U 
U t l l W l ’ S 

 r * * u l i i | 

B y o w n e r. V illa g e N o rth . 3 3, large, im m acu la te , m ony extras, 
1)9 4oo m s 885/ 
_________ 
B Y O W N E R . W o o d la k e , I l l. 

OLMOS PARK • 
ADDRESS Of DISTINCTION 
JUST LISTED 
SPACE! SPACH 
M tnt* tnt nmnng mopsTK *hm»i This sluicy two story rtw* Hm 4 bloom s, 3'» 
Lwths. qtwTtfm 
Ipp 43OO sq ft 
A triumph of spiff ii NP th ittrbfYTfM po I Mi tiof 

ENGLISH TUDOR 
Itta* grounds, AfKtBHt tr**s Hem - A tlovvKoHy bwwtifuf 7 story Tudor on 9 fnM otn t»#nd atip S -V t 7 9o*"•’ n*'" 
3 fttnpWKM TI RIUS COURT (pntrol h#ot. of*. AH Schools 

A MAGIC TOUCH 
(ustom burh en* story rn prim* fofotioe 
J hMheoms. I Mi births, d*n (7517o) TF, hvmq ond dmmq rooms («nltof h««t end o« Hontrd po®) FiquHit* Tree* 

BUDGET MINDED 
Trues shod* this nee* rock, 4 bedroom, J beths, hying /md dttrtnf moms lf H **m botiflmq to* pert shop, queriers utility 

 dr 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

BLEDSOE SITES 
Roomy 4 2 new Windsor Noll ond easy access to bases Paneled bv inq and dining room fireplace, new roof 
527,ooo 
Niles 656- 
758o 

WINDSOR PARK MAIL 
(ame out ond see the beautiful new (omelot area We hove on almost new 3 bedroom, ? both home or lorge corner tot Very low assumption 
$34,ooo 
Miles 
656 6332 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 

656-552o 
341-9191 

691-1121 

EXECUTIVE LIVING 
ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 

TERREII HlllS - W ST o4- fIRING, lleaont 2 story brick for distinguished living Inhon ted by high ceilings, handsome millwork 
4-3. qtrv. 
3-cw 
O e. living room with see, formal separate dining, landscaped yard 

CoNTIMPoRARY MASTERPIECE 
— Unique stucco with GUEST 
HOUSE En|oy complete pnvocy on on otre setting 4 3VS Nosier suite opens la sunder k 
Courtyard with hid pool 

TERREII HlllS - Sophism ated living in this 3 2 in choice location living room with fP. separate dining, family room opens lo garden rm ond brick terrace 2ox2o master suite 

TERREII HlllS - Old World chorm in this stone home tom 
S etely renovated ? years nqo 
I luxury living 4 4’ ! plus qtrv 
Nosier suite up with dual dress ing rms 

COUNTRY U N I - luxurious 
Contemporary with 
4 5 bed rooms on over on acre Offers excellence in design, extensive use of alms large pool with space for tennis court 
4 fireplaces, guest house, qtrs 

JONES-KING 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 
- 

SELLER ANXIOUS low equity townhouse, 
I bedroom, 2 both, completely equipped kitchen. 
CAMELOT I luxury 3 bedroom, 2% bath townhome in quiet aren fully cnrpeted, excellent condition 
Double garage 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 

 leaubful 4 bedroom, 2 both home with double garage rn 
Camelot ll. Very popular single living oreo floor plan Completely equipped kitchen ond fenced yard Open Terms 
TOR DCT AIU AND VIEWING 
CAU 653-o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

E l D O R A D O ” 

A pleasant surprise awaits you when you see how much home this cottage gives you for so little aown, assume. 

“ WINDSOR SQUARE” 

Brick I story, 3-2-2 Wired for stereo and intercom, beautiful entry. 
Assume 

7 % loan Coll for details. 

822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

T W O R E D U C E D 
I vin homes just mdured lot quirk sole, both ovmlohle for immediate occupancy 
One with 
3 bedrooms, I baths, family room, kvrng room, nod sponous kitchen ct $77,5oo 
Tne other, 4 bedrooms, 2'-! baths, living room ond dining room with well equipped kit chen breakfast combination 
Only $44 9oo See today and move in tomorrow 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

691 1121 656 557o 341 9191 

DOllHOUSE for the memo doll ond all the kt tie doll Cod con provide a lovely 
4 bedroom, 2 berth home for hoppy living. 
Refinance or ossume of 537.9oo 

GTI, IT S NICE! 
A pleasant J bedroom 2 both home with a big country kitchen, trees ond flowers in o pretty yard 
The price is right, only $28,ooo 
Present payments ore $2o3 per month if you ossume 
6 5 3 -4 3 5 o 

oEANIE 

OWENS CO. 
REALTOR— AAU 
Waller*! Rd. Oft. 

 in The G len. th is h om e is a ll com plate with rang e, re frig e ra to r ond dishw asher, hos deep gre e n shag carpet throughout O n ly SIAO cash is needed w ith p a y m e n ts of about 
S7oo. 117 51o1 E d G ilb e rt . R e a l to rs • ' i% A P R , 14o p a y m e n ts , 
SU,475 total 

CLEAR SPRING 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL is put down the street tram this well kepi 3 bedroom. 2 both, liy ing room, family room, carpeted home 
Pleasant neighborhood 
Close lo shopping A value al 
$27,5oo 
Miles call 
Cooper 
Highlowei at 696 1427 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691 1121 
656 557o 
341 9191 

SEITZ SEZ SEE 
I JAO* a CH APPO -VAHN CIA 
1-1-1. $4/,OSO 
CWI Ruth Stovey *33-441« 
*119 HtCKOAY H O U O W . 
WIN DCRIST 
3-a-a, $*3,soo 
Coll Men, Norton *33-*93& 
*o33 WINT! BH AVIN- 
WINOCBIST j - a w a . * • / ,lo o 
Coll John Mathis * 33 -/o o o 
SEITZ A ASSOC., 
REALTORS 
• 34-3313 A N V tlM I 

A RARE FIND 

3 bordroom, 2 both, fa m ily room , gome-room , co n tro l 

 b ro t an d air A N D a h e a le d p o o l 
W a lk to m iddle an d hiqh schools. 
O n ly 

$ 3 7 , OOO 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS k 3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

4-2-2 T o w n h o u s B 
------- for $49,5oo' loaded in prestigious WINDCREST Near 2ooo 

 sq ft of luxury living at this outstanding price and location 

LOW. 1oW TAKES1 Mn Condo fee' 
Price on this property has been 

 drastically reduced far o now 

 pun bose' 
828-6343, tves. 653-9596 
CORNELIUS 

4 A S S O C IA T E S 

WOODLAKE 
W o n t a sh o w p la ce? 
Ex ce p tio n a l, sharp, 3 b e dro om , 
2 both hom e on cul de soc. 

U p p e r 
3 o 's. 
C a ll 
G e o rg e le G r a n d 
6 5 5 o 7 o 7 . 
6 5 3 

o 8 6 5 

E A S T T E R R E L L M IL L S 
Just listed , co m p le te ly redeeorat cd 3 L a rg e b e dro om s, e xce llen t s c h o o ls 
I D E A L H O M E F O R 
33o.ooo * SA 1714 
_ REB CARPET 

East Terrell Hills 
I rn rn r d io t e o c c u p a n c y 
J 7 7. co rn e r, la rg e e n te rta in in g ore o 
N ea r W in dsor M a ll, R andolph. Ft 
Sam See an y tim e V a ca n t 
872 l i t * 
*53 933o 
834 /314 iDixie Rose. Realtor 

BV G M U R 

4.23 Acre Estate 
Best Buy In Camelot e s C h o ice tro n to g e i n n 
* bedroom s, / bath, separate 

I---------------------------------------------------- 
C O L O N IE S V I L L A G E Con do m in tam . 7 bedroom s. 7 lu ll baths op p lion ces, shag carpet E q u ity and assum e St*/ m o or re fin a n ce 
974-4525 
M ASK INS R E A L T Y | 
C O M F O R T A N D S E C U R I T Y g o ' h a n d in h a n d in th is d e lig h tfu l 
T o w n h o m e 
I b e d r o o m s . 2 ’ i baths, m an y e xtra featu res 
RED CARPET 
H I J H I 
R E A L T O R S 
*9*5o// 
C O N D O M IN IU M F O R S A L E 
O w ner is d e sp era te w ants S3.5oo egurtv ta r J bedroom . 7 bath can d o m in iu m in T u rtle C re e k 
A s u im t ba la n ce of SJI OOO (51o.ooo eauity sa crifice d tor S3.5oo) 
IS) 8)1* 
A B D O 
)*3 QV I I 
E N C H A N T E D V I L L A G E lu x u r y l - l 'x J condo L a rg e bv m g hos h rep loce F o rm o l dm m q 
P r iv a c y fe n ce d p a tio M in u te s ! from pool Ask tor G ifo Lu ca s 
341 T U A A N Y T I M E 

Century 21 

H Q W A R O T A T E R E A L T O R S 
I N S P I R A T I O N M I L L S * I be broom s. I fu ll baths. J story w ith ! v e ry lo rg e play room (a r 4th be dr aam ) M u st seel C a ll tor ap pl 
482.5oo *9* 1411 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

I I M I TOWNHOUSES 
B e a u tifu lly decorated 2 on d I be d ro o m u n its P o lio o re o s . o a r ! den k itc h e n s , open liv in g a r e a with h rep loce . seve ral floor plans to choose tram 

* houses C h o ice fro n ta g e IH J5 
North O ffered below a p p ra is a l a l tie s ,OOO with term s 138 o4*3 
A O U L t LIVING I bdrm . 7 i bath townhom e C a rp e l, drapes, bu ilt ins S M H eauity, SHS mo C o ll 
IN T E R S T A T E I lk o/5S Id t pm 

A FAMILY DREAM HQMF 
N ea r N orth S ta r M a ll B y ow ner, 
1 3 1. C e n t 
H e a l a ir , A p p ro x 
71oo5a FI F a m ily roam with wet bar ond full w all bookcase enter lain m ent confer G am e room with fireplace. 
151 
Sandalw ood i l l 51// 
A L A M 6 H E IG H T S 
7 bedroom s I bath den, la rg e kit chen w ith b re a k fa s t a re a , fu lly carpeted S I/.5oo O w ner 12*1117 

« bedroom *, f bain. separate bv m a room and den G re a t flo o r p io n , la r g e fe n c e d b a c k y a r d , double aa ra a e . u tility room 
A s ­ sum e / V note 
Reese Henry 

65$ 3584 
R e altor 
N ile* 
653 8597 

ALAMO HEIGHTS SCHOOLS 
On over on a cre el land, this b rick well appointed hom e boasts lam , ly liv in g and e ntertain in g at if s best M aid s a u a rie rs , tru ll trees 
A must see) 

828 6391 A n y t im e 

2 BLOCKS OFF 41o 
I bedroom , 7 both. 2 cor garag e. located on quiet cu l de sac 
7 My m a a r e a s , a n d a ll c a r p e t e d 
Lovely paneled den A ssum e S H I month. /*» F M A loon 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 
Oeanie Owens Co 
B E A L T O R S P e rrin B edel O h 

BLUE BONNET BLOOMING 
In Bus country C lub a re a so e n ter 
•his I bedroom , 2 bath. low eauity home rn popu lar N orthern H ills 
•24 2191 (A n y tim e ) 

Beanie Owens Co 1 
R ealto rs N E Loop ole 

ALAMO HFIGHTS 

JOST LISTFOI 
Rem odeled denim * inside and out 
I bedroom s. 7 tile baths, fire p la ce 
Lovely m aid s Q uarters or sm all g u e st h om e oft B o ra g e B v ap pointm en) only 

828 *391 A n y t im e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R e alto rs N E Loop oft 

R E A L T O R * A ustin Hwy O ft 

B ra c k e n rid g e P a rk . b ric k 1 7 1. large corner let, fenced, fire p la ce , h ard w ood JO y / l l o/5/ a fte r * 
N* agents 
_______________ 

L ive Ook 1-3 7, assu m e 53oo pm l, I eau itv n eg o tia b le ar ow ner w ill assist with fin a n cin g A s little os 
SHOO down. *5* 43/1______________ 

•BY OWNER* 
L ive Oak. V t 7. assum e SlOOprnl , 
E a u it y n e g o tia b le 519.5oo o r owner w ill a* sisl with fin a n cin g 
As little os 515oo down, *5* 47/1 
B Y O W N E R 
M u st le e 1 E x c e p 
•Iona! 4 2 2, in C o n v e rse U n d e r 
54o,ooo C oll 45*-* 1o4 j 
B Y O W N E R , i i I. n e a r R a n dolph. fire p la ce , a ssu m e S i l l 5o mo pm ts or re fin a n ce *5* o/1o 
B v ow n e r, no A g e n ts , 1-2-2. rn 
C am elot w a lk ta I sch ools ond 
W indsor Pk M a ll L a rg e e arn e r 
! lo t 
2 c o v e r e d p o lio s , a b a v e ground pool L a rg e fen ce d a o r- I den W ater sattn er. m on y o th er j e xtra s M u st see to a p p re c ia te 
1 Shown by appointm ent only co ll 
I 455 7/o5 
B Y O W N E R N O R T H E R N H U I S 
) t i t. C a th e rd o t c e ilin g , c a rp e l. priv fence, 
M u st 
Sell 
511.5oo j *55 S ill 

I B Y O W N E R . O o k T e r r o r * f s t o le . 
' 111* Sa F t . « I I. H r e p lo c e rn 
(am ity roam . ca rp e t throughout, lorge tented ond treed ya rd , N E 
Schools 549 OOO 111 7o97_________ 
B Y O W N E R . O ld f a r m ll « 7 3, fire p la ce , u tility roo m . c o v e re d patio, in te rc o m , p r iv a c y fe n ce , 
519 5oo * 51 *4)5 
____________ 
B Y O W N E R 
I J 7 p r iv e t y fenced, c o rn e r tat. N E 
S ch o o l 
D istrict S5IOO. assu m e *55 4151. att * 

 b v A w n e r 
I Son P e d r o H ills . I l l , 
Im m aculate. L a rg e Cut Oe Sac tai. 
N E ISO. mu ny e xtras, m id S4o's. 
*9* /ISI 

'• B r ic k , e x t r a la r g e re a m s ca th e d ra l c e llin g , doges, ca rp e l ad. fe n c e d 
O P E N 
H O U S E 
SAT SUN I to lp m 4*1 7oo9 

 b y O W N E R . W o o d la k e . J I 7. 
Corner lot, fenced, ca rp e l, custom d ra p e s, b re a k fa s t nook. L r D r, fam ily room . C ent H A, covered p a lm , s e lf c le a n in g oven. DW . disposal, m ore e x tra s 55ooo eaui 
Iv 52*8 m o **l *1/2_____________ 
B v O w n e r. W o o d la k e . 1-2-1'on 
Cui-de soc. cove re d patio, fenced, low e a u itv 
A s s u m e 
57*9 paym ents *6) 7959 
B Y O W N E R 
I* X l l fam ily room , I bedroom s, s e p a ra te liv in g ro o m , w ith l l ' b u iltin b o o k ca se unit. stereo in te rco m syste m , co m p le te ly co r pated, w a le r s o fte n e r, la X IO p o rta ble b ld g on co n cre te slo b 
Fences cu red See lo appreciate 
S H I 
C row n 
Lon e 
**1 1935. 
*41 3414_________________________ 
T a l l n o r t h L O O P INC . R E A L T O R S for one R e a l Estate need— 
13* 5*1* 

FL DORADO 
577 4 SO F T B est buy in E l D o r­ ado. E x tra lo rg e m a ste r bedroom p lu s 2 m o re b e d ro o m s , fo rm o l ro o m s, h u g e fa m ily ro o m , d u al fire p la ce , 7 baths, co v e re d potto, e x ce lle n t con dition 54*.5oo N ites 
*55 /497 
Century 21 

M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
*5* 342o A N Y T I M E ________ 

CAMELOT ll 

BY OWNERS 
I F R E E R e fe rra ls to other hem es 
" F o r Sal# B v O w n e r" 143 9191 
I Son Antonio H om eow ners B ro k e r 

BROOKWOOD 

LANDMARK R U I I ORS 
AIAMO HOTS SCHOOLS 
499-9SOI 
} bedroom . I bath hem e Lot 
USI___________ , 
M A R Y M O N T A R E A C la m o ro u s 
T o w n h o u se 11% , m a s te r s u ite : d a w n 
I c o r o a ra g e *74 1419. 
Jbrbs X M nX iiflgrs. 
I 
M IS S IO N T R A C E g a rd e n hem e w ith a fu ll. p riv a c y te n e t! Open liv in g a re a with sep ara te din in g room 
) bedroom s. 7 de cora to r baths M a n y extras I 
SSS ODO 
R E A L T O R S 
4 94 /T H 

Guy Chipman Co ! 

MOCKINGBIRD POND lu x u r y I bedroom . I*» both can d o m in iu m 
I liv in g o re o s w ith fire p la ce Low 49'». 

I bedroom . I bath hom e L a rg e liv in g room Oen with b re a k fa st bor. a tta ch e d g a ra g e w ith star age 
L a rg e fe n ce d y a rd G o o d trees C a ll et* ISM . ( I t SOH 
S tr o u d e r N e ls o n Wf o l l y 

ALL STARS POINT 
Te th is young end m e ticu lo u s I 
I I ' i I In love ly W oodlake Load ed with all necessities and te m ! et 
S i l l m akes m is a g re at buy Close lo FI Sam. Randolph 
121 4545 
P n a k o s R lty 
*54 *9/5 i r v 6 u R T H i t O R E N " w .tl lev* mi* spacious. 5 bedro om tor 
4 p lu s s tu d y ) h e m e w ith a playhouse in the b a c k y a rd ' I iv mg. fa m ily ro o m s 
I fu ll b a th s cevered patio 
54/ 15o 
R E A L T O R S 
4 * 4 ///I 

LANDMARK REALTORS 
“ 
“ 
•; 
W 
H 
I _____________ | _________ 
J* 

NEW LISTING N I 
Tow nhouse for busy people I be droom . two story, I 1 t bath,plush c a rp e t, d ra p e s, a ll a p p lia n c e s 
G a rd e n kitcben. double c a rp e r! 
E v e ry th in g gees of a taw, low 
SM, SM 
Beanie Bwens Co 
A v* 
Otc 
R E A L T O R S M om 
71o1325 
S A C R I F I C E I b e d ro o m 
2 both co rp e te d . n ice , a ll a p p lia n c e s , 
51 SOC e a u itv . a s s u m e s i* * m e paym en ts OS* 11/4 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

I bedroom . J' , bath. lu x u ry 3 s to ry T o w n ho use. I c a r tin 
Is h e d g a r a g e 
549 SA* 
4*4 B H I. **4 4111, 144 4191 

612 ALTA 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
B rick I story in ch eic* T M I sec lien Custom built fo rm a l liv in g re a m w ith fire p la c e , s e a a r g le d in in g ream w ith b u ilt in s I be dr noms 2 baths, spacious fam ily roam with wet bar anti firep la ce 
A ll this designed around booutitui oaks, M a id ') q u a rte rs, s p rin k le r system SI*).*** l l s *4/o 

Frances Aiijelt O’Neill n rS T o o * . O W N E R in N orthw ood 
E sto le s I b d rm ), 3 b a th s , tire - placed den. trees SSI,AM C a ll 
IN T E R S T A T E I M «/SS III • pm 
A T T R a 1 Y IV ifs I bedroom . 2 ba lk h e m e , 
N o r t h e a s t 
H e a l a ir 
Fenced back SI J**, assu m e st)* m o n th ly p a y m e n t on 516.18* re m a in in g C o li 134 4**3, I am I pm Ne gggnH 

SWINGERS! . . . . J g 
M 
R 
N 
S 
S 
! 
H ay * ypur aw n V illa rn M is sio n 
T ra ce , h as d ra m a tic H o lly w o o d setting with I b e d ro om an d study 
B y ap p l enly, m ust q u a lity *4,59* 
49* 1412 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
W G G O B R lb O E T O W N H O M E S 
In Town lo c a tio n 
Super 
A m e nitie s 
O T I n s e n n a u e r ^ ^ ^ lT ^ ^ H 

2o8 APA81IKNT8 P U R IM S 

C ro v s o S ^ P e n e JT p ts 
I 24 ar 
SHO,** 
(J houses) *2* o441 

N o d e in pa ym en t la a n yo n e 
I and 4 be dro om ). I b a th s, sam * w ith a ir an d a p p lia n c e s , f ir s ! i paym ent in M ay 
BO B O e P A O L O 
I 144-M91 
R E A L T O R 

 b aT C H n h u n t i n g s i r n r y i i it la k e s ie gel into ibis I bedroom h om e w ith a ir, a p p lia n c e ) and c a rp e l Dan t ease it u p ' *94 *9/4 
F o rtu n a Associates, 49* 1411 
B A R G A l V k I R B Y - lU A h d R S i d o w n la a n y o n e 
4 1 . c e n t r a l nee! a ir. sw im m ing peel 
Lew 
. closin g 
L E O N A R D .R E A L T O R S 
111 o*4# 
4*1 IM I 

I story 4 1’ j-J C a rpete d liv in g an d d in in g o rc a F a m ily roo m 
F ire p la c e P ro fe s s io n a lly la n d s coped 551.ooo 
C U N H A R E A L T Y 
*514111 
B U Y O U R S 
O u r S e lle r P a rtic ip a tio n O p tio n c o v e ) m o n e y to r b u y e r s a n d s e lle r s 
F o r d e t a ils , c a ll 
H om eowner 
M a rke tin g 
S erv ice 
149-41/1. 
B Y 6 w N E A A G E N T . R e d e eo rat rd J I den, H S T eakw ood, new tool. Centro! a ir 529.9*9 123 1*41 
B Y O W N E R ,' A L iv e Oak H om e. 
J 3 2. fa m ily room fire p la c e d in mg room , p a rlo r u tility roam with pantry, e x lro s SSI ISSI 
B Y 
O W N E R 
4 2 I a p p r o x 
18o95a FI , fire p la ce . COV patio, m any e xtras V A / ”» loon, 54/.5*9 j 651-5751 

B Y O W N E R . 1 11 . assum e 7[ /** 
J C o n v e n tio n a l, low e q u ity , lo rg e corn e r lei. p riv a c y fence, la rg e den w ith fire p la c e , a ll k itc h e n appliances *5* 125* 
B Y O W N T r 
4 bedroom , 3 buffi, | pool M idw ay between San Antpn 
1o ond New B rau n fels an .4 acre, 
I 't y e a rs b ld . s tu d io , den w ith : 
H r e p lo c e . c o u n tr y k itc h e n , I e v e n s , is * 52 t i p a n e it* * * e picol landscape 571.599 New 
B rau n fels 1*15 6145 otter 4 or w e b e n d s 
Y O W N E R . I bedroom . 3 both, corpet, cent a ir R id g e vlew a re a att 5pm *16-444/ _______ 
By Ow ner, C om elet ii. Coronado. 
11 I, cen! H A OW. D lsp. range, re tn g . m a ste r b d rm , w b e am e d c e ilin g , in d ire c t lig h tin g , d re s s m g liv in g gro g 5*1.75o att Sam 
*5*9713 
| 

BY OWNER CAMELOT ll l i t, fire p la c e , co u n try k itch e n , ce vere d patio, carpeted, fenced, la rg e y a rd . a ll OPP . M 4oSq Et., schools close, clo sin g ce st p a id 
SM.9o9 651 5111 
I fey O w ner, 11-1, ce n tra l a ir heat d is h w a s h e r , d is p o s a l, s ie v e , 
‘ •b rick , co rn e r le i S ilo * equ ity, assum e S IM m o 117-6*11 
Bv ow ner.'"! I’ t i, cent besit- on', fu lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n , g a rd e n a r e a , / i i * s to r a g e b u ild in g , corn er lei OS* 25*1 otter ) week days, an ytim e weekends by aw ner '"i i-1, centro! h ea l a ir appl carpet, lanced, d e s* clem . 
54SM equity, S IH m e A v a il Ju ly 
451 51*7 Ne ag en ts 
_ 
B y O w ner 
Con venien t E l Sam', 
Randolph larg e corn e r let. J 1 i-l. 
I carpet, ce n tra l hopi- a ir. J blk* 
I alem school eel 771/ 
B v O w ner 4 2 1, co rn e r Ibi. iir* p lace ca rp e t, a p p lia n ce s, p o lio , p riv a c y fe n ce S it./* * 451 •!* / 
Atter SEM 
B Y d y ^ iiiR . 4 i I t u l O * Sac 
C e n t r a l a ir , c a r p e l, t e r m s . 
M I *1*1 or 124 IO U _______________ 
B Y O W N E R 
Custom Auitt n oiive stone hem e, I 2 2 w eeded area . lu xu ry features ond e x tra s 
454 7755 

BY BYMERS 
N O R T H E A S T 

R A N D O L P H C O N V E N I E N C E 
■ 
F ro m Wits love ly 4-11 w ith liv in g dining com bo, fa m ily ream w ith hreploce, ond 2ooo salt et Itvlna arear A ham * you can t a ffo rd ta m iss s e e in g • 41*1 H A R P E R 'S 
F O R D SSI,SO* M I 9191 

I O F F N A C O G D O C H E S • T h is ow ner w ill w e lcom e you m l* his 
; t c r r a io e n try ond show you his p ro fe s s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d 1 1 2 home, w ith on* larg e liv in g oreg, f ir e p la c e , e n d a p p r a is a l to r 
I SIS.OMI 
C a ll now 
*51-4/21. 
! M I *141 

N O R T H W O O D A R E A • 7 A c r e with m ony fru it end shade tree*, surro u nd s th is im m a cu la te I be droom . I both. I liv in g oreos. e ll c a r p e te d h a m * o l 4**4 V A N 
O IV E R tar 542,SM The p ie ce et country in the c ity ' C o ll the ow ner al *22 5*o4. M 2 9191. 

C A L L F O R IN F O A B O U T 
O U R O T H E R L IS T IN G S ! 

San Antonio Homeowners 
A S S O C IA T IO N B R O K E R S 

3 4 2 -9 3 9 3 

M onterrey Hoar ptan, open Hymn am m a a rc o w ith fire p la ce J be fit nom 2 bath, cou n try kitchen, self cleaning oven, covered patio 
R e a s o n a b le c a v it y , p a y m e n t* i 
571* on I 'j " . V A loon 
*38-353$ Anytim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L TO R S RgndolQh Ole 

C A M E L O T 1 7 2 Ne Down 
A n yo n e 1 A lm a s! new. single liv in g area. rong*. dishw asher. • fridge, disp osal, carpel, fence ond only SI*/ a month, h u rry! 
1*4 55*4 H a rt M cC o rm ick 
14*1991 
C H A R M IN G I bdrm . 7 bath. tar m oi tty din, big den *5*4*27 
C H U R C H IL L H IG H SCHOOL 
4 bedroom . I bath. den. hreploce. p lu sh c a rp e l, c a th e d ra l ce ilin g , m ic r o w a v e o v e n , e le c tric k it chen. big lo! 149 «s«l. *2*4**) 

Marilla Worley Realtors 
C L O S E TO M A C A T H U R H IRN J b e d ro o m s, I * * b a th s, b u ilt in s. h e a l a ir. fe n ce d til.O O * Phone today 
IN T E R S T A T E 67* 9/55 HI « pm 

CONVENIENCE PLUS! 
'E x c e lle n t lo c a tio n n ea r N o rth 
Star M att is tu sl on* tine feature af 

E LD O R A D O 
4 2 2 o w n e r a n x io u s . M a k e on ofter, m u st be seen to ap preciate 
824-91 /I A n y tim e . 
REB CARPET 
___________R E A L T O R S ___________ 
E l " D O R A D O 
W e o r e b e in a tra n sfe rre d ond hate to lose this ; j lig h t on d ao en , 1-2 I. la rg e m as ter, g a rd e n kitch e n , lo rg e lands caped y a rd on qu ie t Cut Oe Soc j 
P r iv a c y fen ce , w a lk to olem en school, ss* son 
I 

$35oo EQUITY 
! V a ry goad buy on a I bedroom . 7 bath, w a ll lo w a ll ca rp e tin g , con trot a ir an d heat, new stove, tro ts rn fron t an d b ack y a rd Paym en ts 
: S2o2mo ca n be re fin a n ce d 
6$8 3535 A n y t im e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S -F 'r " 'riiiip h ii', 
SOI E R O S E W O O D A F in e Home to r th e d is c r im in a t in g fa m ily 
Shown by ap poin tm en t W E S L E Y 
R E E D . B R O K E R . 143 4*S* a fter 
I lp m 
I l l, F ir e p la c e . SHOO E a u ity . t i t o/74 No Agents________ 
F IR S T O F F E R I N G 
L a rg e G e o rg ia n C o lo n ia l is lo r y hom e fe a tu rin g 5 be dro om s, I 1» troths, q u a rte rs and new kitchen 
H o m e c o m p le t e ly re d e c o ra te d 
I h r u o u t 
A H S c h o o ls , c h o ic e corn e r loca tion C a ll 834 O H I far de ta ils 

Cook Co. Realtors 

First Offering lee Hi 
, Y o u 'll fin d good sp ace ond star age in th is I b e d ro o m , 2 'I bath h o m e in p o p u la r R id g e v ie w 
T h e r e 's o v e n a p la c e to r th e tre a te r in th* re cen tly rem odeled k itch en and a larg e studio, office or teen roo m w ith its own entry j C a ll today tor m ore details, nites 
924 444* 

L E T S T R A O E 
Y our presen t hom e ta r th is beau ­ tiful 7 i\ b ric k I b e dro om . 2 both. w ith h u g e d e n . N e a r W in d s o r 
Pa rk. C a ll J C to d a y! 
494 5571 
N ttes 349 483* 

Century 21 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
L I K E N E W in S A N P E D R O 
H IL L S ! S p a c io u s 2 b e d ro o m , 2 bath tow nhouse S in g le liv in g or- ea. fo rm a l d in in g , fire p la c e and wet bar L a rg e kitch e n , sep ara te b r e a k f a s t r o o m o v e r lo o k s a w n in g — c o v e r e d p a t io 
L o w assum ption, low m a in te n a n ce fee. great b u y ' 494-7*51 A N Y T I M E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs pf T R U S T 

LOOOOOOKING Gooooooo 
N e rd a s u p e r h o m e f o r y o u r tom ily / O r on e x ce lle n t a re a tor a rental In v e stm en t b e ca u s e T H E 
P R IC E IS R IG H T E ith e r w ay tor under 544,ooo. I b e d ro om . J bath, one liv in g a re a , p r iv a c y fe n ce d g yard. and N E sch ools, an d in e x ­ cellent m ove in con d ition 
C all M 9 141* A n y tim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
_______ IN C, R E A L T O R S ________ 

LOW A S S U M P T IO N - on this S H .SOO I bedro om . 7 bath. 
7 ca r a a ro g e hom e R e frig e ra to r included F u lly ca rp e te d P n v o c y fen ce d, n ic e h ig h lot. T h is one w on t la s t. so c o ll n o w 
N ita s , 
411*659 
349 4141 o r 149 1515 A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lo n co R d O ff 
L U X U R I O U S C O U N T R Y L I V 
IN G ' A ll ro ck hom e en o p p rox 4 o cres h as sho p ca rp e tin g , fire p la ce , lo r m o l d in in g ro o m and b u ilt in s g a lo re I b e d ro o m s . 2 j baths F in ish e d , double g a ra g e ' 
S47. S99 
R E A L T O R S 
*5* 7oo/! 

L U X U R Y 
T O W N H O U S E '1 
M a rym o n t 7 bedro om . 2 both. My 
■na ond d in in g l l ' X I*' w ith tire p iac*. E n c lo s e d p a tio i f X t i ' 
G o u rm e t k itc h e n C a ll *24 O U I 
A N Y T IM E . 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs p l T R U S T 
M A C A R T H U R H IG H c u s to m home with lo v e ly pool for S um m er fu n t I s p a c io u s b e d r o o m s , 7 baths liv in g ond fa m ily room s huge, cove re d p a tio ' 
S4S.5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*51/141 

 north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S M I S 
I M SAJ* 
F IR S T P A Y M E N T IN J U N E 
4 bedroom s. I1 , baths. 5)o9 down 
495 743* S L A T E R R L T Y S9S4IS4 
F O R F A S T title s e rv ic e with no u n n e c e s s a ry d e lo y le t A L A M O 
T I T L E C O h a n d le lh * D e a l 
73/ o211 
F o r Sale B y O w n er, l l ' i-t, fu ll c a r p e l, s ie v e , r e t r ig , c e n tra l xiar m an is t«»i fine w w ] h l th is a t tr a c t iv e w e ll m a in ta in e d m d . set K H 

B y ow ner 4 I t " MSO sa ti /ire glace, /»« V A leon, 55114/9 
B Y O W N E R , 3 6**Sq F I , i l l p lu s bonu s ro a m . fo rm a l ti v in * d in in g room , to m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e L a rg e ce v e re d a o li* , 
N E I S O . W ilt c o n s id e r tr o d e , 
SSI,SM 494**74__________________ 
I v i w N i R 
Starer**! are g 4 1 1 , on a la rg e corner le i N E IS O F o rm a l liv in g room , d in in g room, to ro* fa m ily r* * m o p e n s I* k itc b e n 
F r e s h paint, well m ain tain ed M g n y ex 
Ires S3/.9M *55 9745 
B Y O W N f t H s ta ry 
Cam elot ll L iv in g roam w ith br*. place, den with wet bar A ll B lo c 
! fri 

 hom e There s a liv in g and dining room , e o iv den, g lu t 2 tiled baths and lovely h ard w ood boers in a ll I b e dro om s A la m o Mots sch ools I 
; Low M s. N ile s *74 *4o* north loop inc. 
R E A L T O R S M I S 
*2* 551* 
C onvenient to R andolph. Spanish 
C o n t e m p o r a r y 4 b e d ro o m s, I < baths, fo rm a l d in in g roam , sun ken liv in g room , a rtist lob plus a 
JOx)o f a m ily ro o m , fir e p la c e , h ra to ir, ap p lian ce s, easy term s. , assum e SM * p e r m o or renounce, i w ill (rode 
B O B O e P A O L O 
144 1*91 
R E A L T O R 
C O R O N A D O 
V I L L A G E 
B y ow ner. 4 i i . HOOSq F t , 3 sto ry nam e, fire p la c e eat in k itch e n . m any e xtro s SSS,IM *<4 *454 
C O T T A G E S M A L L , re c k e d in w a lls , d e s ig n e d b v g r o n 'p a 's 
•con g a, fire p la c e stu rd y s lr u c lu r* I* re do N E school* *2*45o/ 
REQUA REALTY CO 
C R O W N H I ll P A R K 
I be d ro o m 
I bath , den, doub le ga ror* A la m o Hate School, w alk tis N o rth S ta r M a ll. 249 4 )8 1 . 
994 2*4o 

M auka Worley Realtors 

DARLING SUPER CLEAN 

3 6EDRDUM 
R e a d y f a r m a y * In N E IS O * 
C orpeted liv in g ond fam ily room s and m aster bedroom 2 decorator baths w all equipped kitchen, only 
529.MO Assam # /*»% F H A at S IH per m a a r ch oose your new tin 

 h ic kitchen w ith b re a k fa st area 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s L a r g e up s ta irs m a s te r suit* C o rn e r let with p riv a c y fen ce 
A ssu m p tio n with eauity or re fin a nce 454 *224 
___ 
______ _ i T ^ n e r tra n s fe rre d -V o i . - ^ 
• " « « • NI*.* .14^4** 
4 12. I* b ric k Cut O* SPC. tarp* fen ce d y a rd . m o n y t r u ll tre e * , 
5)8 o*o tortus 45**911 
S T O w n p r."V a le n cia , im m acu la te 
4 2 2, U M Sa P f . fu lly ca rp e te d sep ara te m aster suite, m a s s iv e f ir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g p riv a c y fence, walk lo ele m e n tary school ond pool 4 M .9 M 651 9945 
B y O w n er, V a lle y F o rg e , 1 3 1, den, carpal, 57*4 m o SI M * caul tv Ne .sgenls *5* 737* bv o w ^ r r e U^r , y « - t i t : outstanding M a tu re s Cut-de sac 
B Y O W N E R . SS* R a d ia n c e 
N atu ra l Stone 1% V A 14999 *gul ch a rm in g 3 1 > >1, gn Igvglv trot 
: ly 5191 m g 451 /45* shgdgd lot w ith m g d trm /g d k it 
B Y O W N fR V a le n cia . H T ia'rge chaa • " - * « / * • 'M n M id M s , cat! beam ed, fam ily h y in g room. h r* 
' n appt ♦** *944 OS I 5?** — _ _ _ p la ce , c a l in k itc h e n , b u ilt in*. 
'M i N u M tu , > walk to sw im clu b alem school is 315 ie* * 
546 SM 45*141* i i e e l 55 SNO NI w s 

F O U R B E D R O O M S 
F o r 519,SM. L a rg e sep ara te din 
Ina, fire p la ce in liv in g Located on q u ie t s ir e e ! in V a le n c ia L o w equ ity, A sk tor Beth Tale 
341-91*6 A N Y T I M E 

Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R F Ai. TORS 
G O O D T A S T E 
© OOO B U Y ! 
I 
I m m a c u la te I b e d ro o m hem e, s lo ye. re frig e ra to r fen ced Cen trot a ir an d heat P a ym e n ts SIS* m onthly 
R A N D O L P H R E A L T Y *51 5191 
G R E A T L O C A T IO N tar this 4 br d re a m hom e 2 P a tio s, gas g rill. I b u ilt in b a r. h rtp ia c * . drapes. TV antenna a ll pa with th is attractive ham * in N E school d is trict Ooh I m is s se e in g th is hom e th a i has h o d 
T I C 
542 TOO 
494 /411 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE, 
R E A L T O R S 59 Y * a r5 at TR U S T 
H IG H C O U N T R Y 
C e ltr y shag c a rp e tin g in 4 be d ro om s livin g . d in in g rg g m s ' F a m ily roam hos f ire p la c e , k itc h e n h a s A v o ca d o ap plian ce* F in ish e d g a rag e' 
S48.9M 
R E A L T O R S 
451/141 
Guy Chipman Co 

IM A G IN E 
Ju s t st*.*** fo r tufty ca rp e te d I b e d ro om hom o. g o ld e n kitchen, 
I M e e d y a rd 
B o s n ■» a l T y n a n it A T E P C 
- - 

MAC ARTHUR TERRACE 
SIO t i l m o v e s y o u in fo th is o il b rick nom e A ssu m e 54l l a m onth or re fin a n c e C o ll fo r m o re d e ­ tails 
144114* 
Grace Arnold 
_______ R E A L T O R S M L S _________ 
M A K E Y O U M C H O IL E ' 
14511 A go ra. I J I. F P 
4o47 B ik in i. 4 2 1 
)47) Bob B illa . 5 I 7 
871* C am pobello. 1-8-1 
4921 Cosa E spring 4 7 I 
‘ USO/ C a ssia W ay. 4 2' r view. 3 I I 
I !?oo6 E l S em ipro, 3 • I 
I SS?* G len C ou rt 
| 4 2 C O N V j 6/1o G len f a ir 
I 4 J 7. F P 
I 6/19 G len t a ir, 4 J J j 6/23 G len f m r 
3 2 C O N V . F P 
. . 
281S Kcnser, J I I j 8o6 S M a in , J I 7 
I 314 M in Shadow 
I 6*3? N eston 
I 3 2' » 2. F P 
! 4338 Sunny V a le 
3 I C O N V . 
176o1 W ild e rn ess 
3 I C O N V . S P 
! 728 W W oodlaw n 

•N ear Rrookhollow* 
3 2 2, n e s tle d In ' > acre of o o k tre e s, huge den. ch im n e y . 2.2oo sq ft 154.599 

Hallmark Properties 

68*3334 
681 o153 

N E A R F T S A M 
I L a rg e older house with la rg e lot. 
I a ll fe n ce d , w ith I b e d ro o m s . I b o th , p lu s t o m ily ro o m . O n ly 
Sll.OOO. 149-14/9 
H ector J. H erbeck Inc., R e a lto rs 
N E A R N O R T H S T A R M A L L 
I Bedroom s. I baths, fa m ily room . i c e n tra l h e o l a ir F e n c e d y a rd . 
I n ice s lie roo m s, tw o p a tio s A ll th is fo r O N L Y 51o,5oo 141 2727 j Anytim e 
Century 21 

R A Y T E A L , R E A L T O R S 
N eo r N orth Star M oll. J bedroom 
' b rick , t co r aoroge, 2 c o r c a rp o rt 
! si* . SOO. con assum e. 
/36.S434 C .P .K O S U B 143 OM I 
N E A R W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L 
: A tt r a c tiv e lik e n ew 2 a r I b e ­ droom , a ll carpeted, re frig e ra to r and rang e stay Low e a u itv on d I 
: assum e S II/ m onthly o r V A -F H A i 149-14/9 
H ector J. H erbeck Inc , R e ciitn n 
N E S C H O O LS 
I 
I s p a c io u s liv in g a r c o , 3 ) 1 . 
' d ra p e s, ce v ere d po lio , tn g ro u n d pool. p riv a c y fence SIS,SOO j RO SSI R E A L T Y _________ 49*7/81 
N E W L IS T IN G ! Lo w E a u it y In le v f lv W ils h ir e P o r k 
A s s u m e 
529* m o p a y m e n ts o n d e n ln y e a s y liv in g in th is I b e d ro o m b e a u ty 
C a t h e d r a l c e llin g in fa m ily room , built-in a p p lia n c e s 
534,SM C oll MI-1211 A N Y T I M E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs of T R U S T 

NEW MADISON SCHOOL 
: Is a v a ila b le tar your c h ild re n in th is 521.9o9 hom e SI** m o n th , gives you I bedroom s. I ’ * hath*, and single cor oarag e So reason o b ie . on d so c o m fo rta b le . C o ll today to s t* ' 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin B e lle ! Ole 

NEW PAINT IN AND DUT 
Rock trim J I 1, V A SI/,OOO 
I I?* o445 
714 1/64 
71*411/ 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

NICE and NEAT 
B Y O W N E R , near W in dsor P a rk . 
FI Som, Randolph, e xce p tio n a lly w ell k ep i P riv a c y fen ce , lo v e ly I la w n 
T re e s, g a rd e n l l. e le r 
'o n e r dish w ash er, d isp o sa l, a ir u n its. F H A -V A C on y o r o s s u m e 1 
131.5o9 
51)9 V illa g e G len, 655 1319 
NO DO W N lo anyone, new list of 
G overnm ent ap proved - fin a n ced h o m e s 
1-4 b e d r o o m s 
S o m e appliances F irs t p a ym en t Jun e 
722 9 4U TI U RA R E A L T Y 74 H R S 
N O D O W N TO A N Y O N E 
4 3 1. lo rg e d in in g a r e a , h u g e b r ic k 
BRQ , p riv a c y fenced- S24o m o 
RO SSI R E A L T Y _________ 494 r i l l 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
Ple asan t J bedroom , I both, hom e on corner lot. carpet, fence, m an y e x t r a s B y o w n e r, (2 4 4 94] o r 
I ta ws._ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

WEST WOODLAWN 

D u p le x plus ga ra g e apt 
C o u ld be con verted to sin g le fom ily hom e. 
L a m e unit hos fire p la ce a n a m any built ins. C o ll fo r other d e ta ils 
$ 2 3 ,9 o o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691.1121 656 552o 
341-9191 

O U T S T A N D IN G O P P O R T U N IT Y fo r th e s ta rtin g co u p le . N ic e I bedroom hom e close lo shopping 
C ove red patto-fenced y a rd A v a i­ la b le n o w fo r 529.9o9 
N ile s 
653-57o/ 
Century 21 

H o p R e se r 453 4182 A n ytim e 

MAGNWICINT T*Uf 
Georgian (denial Designed for present owner by Bartlett Corke 
25 master bedroom with fire piece, lorge Hying room with meploce, separate dining, bnck floored walnut poneled fomily room, beautiful gardened patio with feuntein loo mony extras to describe 

BtAUTVUl C M O M A l 
J story with basement game room living room (fireplace) separate dining, morning mom, breakfast room ond power room down All large bedrooms up with dressing room off (noster suite. 
Sprinklertd grounds with pool. 

OLMOS P A M ARIA 

 lovely 2 story fomily home with o I guest bedroom, ond both down 
High ceilings, gleominq bobwood | floors, living room witn fireploce, seporate dining room, huge fomi ly room, library, delightful patio 

SU P W IOCATTo6I 
6Soo sq ft. of luxury ot a fraction I 
Of replacement cost 
J large bedrooms (mostet is 267x19 / I with huge dressing oreo). living room is 29 9x26 9 (fireplace) Din mg room is 21 7x17 (brightly shuttered ond interesting cement tile flooring) fomily room is 4o/ 
17 4 (wet bor ond built ins' 
Please coll us for details 
HISTORICAl ARIA 4o $ 

Remodeling begun, so tbot you moy finish to suit your taste 
Old brick, old doors, high ceilings, hardwood floors, fireploce with old montlf, eft. 
4o s 
TtRREU H lllS • A H Schools 
On a beautiful, sprinklered cot net lot with ctrculor drive, 
Aritano ledgestone, I story with thick shoke roo!. 4 or S bed rooms plus quarters 
3 cor gorage 

SPANISH COIONIM THI 
Delightful, hondmode brick on beautiful lot. coveted with mature oaks. 11% pitch ceiling with solid fit timber beams, hondmode tiles (by Box Stop per), hondmode ornamental iron (by Curl Vass), end* plonk pnqqed flooring, ond Redondo tile AH work solid osh, too mony spend features to describe 

CHARMING COTTAGE 
On a quiet street in most desirable residential orra. Clos* 

O W N E R H O S P IT A L IZ E D 

M u st sen ttiis # 2 2, l/o o sa ti. h om e. A s su m e at v e ry low eauity C o ll 678 8195 N o w 'A s k fo r Roy 

REB CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

 to shopoiog ond bus Hardwood floors, fireplore in living room, separate dining 3o‘v 

HISTORICAl ARIA 

On a 35o deep lot. 4 bedrooms, 

( us 2 sitting rooms up Beautiful yet 
Formol liyfng-dinlnq rooms, library, brookiest room and lotq* morning room, moden. kitchen. Tremendous ottic- 

TERREU MILLAM SCHOOLS 

Delightful on* story on a corner living room with fireploce separate dining room, fomily room. (Redondo tile floor), 4 j bedrooms, plus guest house 
Gorgeous new kitchen 824-3233, 
822 5973. 822 91o3,826 oo49. 

I C A C T o » a 

OWNER 
R e g e n c y P lo c e . 3 3 7. s e p a ra te dining, firep la ce . N E schools. Lo w 
SO S. ASS 9o73_____________________ 

OWNER'S ANXIOUS 
K I R B Y A R E A Im m aculate lorg e 
J bedroom s, 2' r baths, one liv in g a rea, with ca th ed ral ceilin gs, od- raining lot available. C oll now! 
M a riie H orton MA 2341. ASI 5934 
B O B JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

PARK VlllAGE S1G.7So 
L ik e new t l l C P SHO dn. No dn 
V A 
«2» 4545 
Prlofcos R lty 
*5*o9/5 

 lovely 3 2 2 luxury sired master bedroom with 16' ceiling Garden kitchen, built in bookshelves and a large pnvocy yard $37,9oo Call 
828 57o4.___________ 
TO WNI 1o4311 
Very nice stucco 3 bedroom town house on a corner lot. Central ow. fully carpeted with range ond refrigerator 
VA appraised ot 
$7o,5oo Calf 828 STC 

C £ N TU R Y 21 

IO* RODGERS. REALTORS 
•IO T I 
I 

P R E S T IG IO U S O L M O S P A R K ...- g o rg e o u s la n d s c a p in g s h e lte rs th is 2 s to ry hom e, w ith its' tre e fa rm pa tio...rich p a n elin g, vo u lt ed ce ilin g s and coelom built in s 4 bedroom s. J baths pius q u a rte rs with bath ..spacious liv in g , d in in g a n d f a m ily r o o m s ... b a r a n d h o b b y ro o m S u p e rb ly , s im p ly 
C o n tem p o rary! 
$145,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
124 9411 
Guy Chipman Go 

P R IC E D FO R Q U IC K S A L E ' 
D eligh tfu l 4 bedroom . 2 bath, b u ilt in kitchen, cen tral a ir. C A M E L O T ll 414 1195 
Century 21 

D O U G L A S R E A L E S T A T E 

SA N P E O R O H IL L S on ly S45o 
Down clo sin g ! L u x u ry 4-2 2 (iv mg, din in g, fa m ily and u tility room s, eat in kitch en. 549.SOO 
144 5544 H art M cC o rm ic k 
_____________194-2991 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Se* this su p erb 1-1-2 in O ok H a l­ low E sta te s. A to st a p p re c ia tin g a re a 
Im m e d ia te m o v e in Y o u ca n e ve n p u rc h a s e th e (n e v e r used) fu rn itu re N ites. 411-44S* 
349 4141 or 349 i s i s A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lo n co R d Ole 

P H I C E D R I G H T ! 

• OFF NACOGDOCHES RD • and lust north of Loop 41o C o m ­ p le te ly re d e co ra te d in te rio r an d e x t e r io r 
I l l . d e n 
E l e c t r i c thruout Let 119 X 7oo Se conven lent 548,9oo 876 214/ 
Thelma B. Preissman 

SAN PEDRO HULS la rg e an d ra rp e to d b e d ro om s, ond a huae to m ily room w ith tire p la c e , in th is s p lit le v e l h em e . 
Super lo v e ly yard . P ric e d In low . low 5o's. 
349 IS H or 149 S in . an y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S Lockn u t-S e lm o Otc 

SJ7.ooo 
SI*,2o9 
534.ooo 
N O R T H E R N H I L L S 
S II.S M 
J ar could be 4 3 7, IOO"* m o so n ry 
121.9oo 
B eautiful, w ell m a in ta in e d hom e 
F P 
JM > at 143,9oo Won t last *24 o1/1 
SI* 9f 

P R I C E R E D U C E D ! 
S A N P E D R O H I L L S B E A U T Y , strik in g d e co re i 12-2. fo rm o l d in ­ in g. p o n e led O N E L I V I N G w ith s t u c c o f ir e p la c e . 
B u ilt in s , in tercom , custom d ra p e s. A ste al at 541.SOO! 
69o*8o2 

GREAT AMERICA 
_ 
R E A LT O R S 

• DUALITY CLASS • 
T H E IN L O C A T IO N 
A H Schools L a rg e room s In th is c h a r m f ille d tw o s to r y 
$-4-1. q u a rte rs Huge fa m ily room , tire- | p la ce, w eth er C h e t's d te a m k it j ch e n O w n e rs th re u g h t of e v e r ­ ything 924 214/ 

S A N P E D R O H IL L S ! Tw o sto ry b e a u ty ! M a s te r b e d ro o m dow n 
Tw o liv in g a re a s w ith fire p la c e 
C u s to m d ra p e d . S w im c lu b 
A w o n d e rfu l hom e J|i a w o n d e rfu l a re a l (24*121 A N Y I T M E . 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S -5 6 Y e a rs of T R U S T 

3 2 1 

 t a 9oo 

S41.ooo 
139.5oo 

S U SOO 
516.5oo 
S I V OOO 
S26 SOO 

54o,8oo 

5)o34 L O 

REB CARPET 
T h e ta a .iM s s .in a n 

R E A L T O R S 

52,8/4 I O 
547,SOO 
Century 21 
9 51*))) Brl) P e rk in s RUy45S-S775 

MARY MONI le c o te d in fin * o re o et cu s to m hom es, a ll b ric k beau ty h as qua lily thruout S pacio u s, fo rm a l din mg. liv in g , fa m ily w itn fire p lo ce plus 4 bedro om s. I bath s *24 4S/i 

• I s m Corr. RtAlTORS 

O F F B R O A D W A Y 
2 bedroom . I bath, atta ch ed g a r aae. separate h o b b yro o m or a rt studio O w ner c a rry note SU.25o. 
C oll o tter lp m . >26-1*7* 
O F F G E V E R S O ld e r s ty le 3 be droom . separate din in g, de ta ch ed gO 'oge 514.ooo 921 417. *2* 1/7? 
Ronald Williamson 

OEF MIOCRQWN 
A m ust see I bedroom s. I baths, ce n tra l heot-alr. fen ced y a rd . nu dow n p a y m e n t I# a n y o n e . C a ll 
| 12*4521. nites 474-o7*4 
Turner Really 

O F F N A C O G D O C H E S M o c A rth or H igh >« m ason ry. ] b e dro om s. 
I 2 baths, ce n tra l a ir heat, p rtv o cv 
1 fe n ce , fir e p la c e in d e n . u n d e r g re u n d s p r in k le r s 
A s s u m e a r 

R E A L L V N O R T H E A S T ! A sh o rt d riv e to th* h appy town of N ew 
B ra u n fe ls w ill b rin g you to th is custom hom e with tOOtt. of w ater fro n t on the G u a d a lu p e R iv e r ! 
: Sw im . fish and w ater ski in you r ow n b a c k y a r d ' L iv in g , d in in g room s ond a fa m ily room , open ta a huge de ck 4 b e d ro o m s. E n o r- m ags trees! Boathouse! 
SHO,OM 
R E A L T O R S 
1249*11 
Guy Chipman Co 

R E D U C E D S U M 
I 3-1-1. ce n tra l air heat, n ice hom e 
A s s u m e 7% V A lo a n w ith lo w 
! e q u ity , p a y m e n ts u n d e r SISO I 
: O w ner w ill C o rry second lien w ith 
SISO* down or w ill con sid e r leas* 
P u rch ase option 

N E W L IS T IN G i l l. c a rp o rt with storage, art k it 
- chen a p p lia n ce s, 7 ole u n its, se c u rtly ba rs on w indow s, e xte rio r 

MARYMONT 
One pf the fin e st hom es in M a ry m e n ! H e a te d s w im m in g p e e l. s p r in k le r s y s t e m , d r a p e s a n d b u ilt in T V 
C o lt t a r d e t a ils 
5129.oo4 
Century 21 
Schneid e r R * m ty_________4* 4 /7 o o 
M E A D O W O A K S . B y aw ner. 4 2 3. 
B r ic k h o m e , e x t r a la r g e ti* groom s, w ith w a tk in closets, fu ll 
• o il b r ic k f ir e p la c e in fa m ily re am B e a u tifu l y a rd w ith ta rg e 

 conventional M o n th ly o a y m e n ts re p a in te d M e ta l s to ra g e shed 
S IU . in te re s t at 7‘ ». to ta l p ric e I A s su m e 1% V A le a n , 5149 p a y 
54} SM C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L m erits. S U M equity 
E S T A T E /11 1*)*, 779 9)94 i i . A l l 
O F F S A N F E D R O 
A ll b r ic k , tare# tat I lS x t lS , c e n tra l n eat, ra n e e , d is h w a s h e r, fire p la c e in fam ily roam , redw ood de ck 13x29 
M onthly paym ents 524). /'» in te r e st. a s s u m e or C o n v e n t io n a l 
54o,SM C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 712 M U , 712U S S . 
O L D 
A L A M O H E I G H T S ) A prim e location tor a I sto ry hom e w ith th a t 'F a rm h o u s e F e e lin g 
Big. front parch, pine flo o rs ond o 
♦(replace 
4 bedro om s (2 a re en 

 north loop Inc. 
R E A L T O R S M I S 
*29 54J9 

DOLLHOUSE 
I bedroom , I beth hem * F re sh . 
: c le a n a n d c a r p e te d 
E le c t r ic steve, I a ir conditioners, fenced yard witn tre e s ' i blk ie bes O n ly t il,S M *2* S4/I 
S t r i d e r N e ls o n U p p ity 
E A S T T E R R E ! I H i l l S 

 oaks end p riv a c y fence, clos* to JI?*/!!!4* 1 
R on delph M id S4o s, *5* 1794 
558^99 
R E A L T O R S 

MCADOW WOOD NORTH 
V aca n t 
< bedro om 
I Irving area fit o p ia te a lm o st new corn er lot fenced 
N O R T H E A S T S C H O O LS 
Eosy assu m p tio n low egurtv toon 
6Vo 9J4o 
142 4214: 
C L IN T W E H B A C H E R 
M O N T E V IS T A B y O w n er O ver 
J796 sa It ot liv in g a re a in this unique I story Span ish Slur co and sep arate au e stn ou se rn e xce llen t i ondition B e a u tifu l patio garden, m an y e x t r a s 
A p p r a is e d v a lu e ill* ! ® . Z i iJ iliJSC. °£E!_______ 
M O V E IN T O D A Y and begin liv 
• n e in b e a u t if u l O o k H o llo w 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
451 I t l l B ill P o rk m s R itykS S S374 
" 
SAN PE D R O H ILLS 
O W N E R A N X I O U S to s e ll th is j cu sto m b u ilt n ew ro c k h o m e 4 b d r m s , 2 b a th s 
N e w w a le r softener, energy savin g an d m an y m are e x tra s To see th is hom e, c a ll 124 91/1 
REB CARPET 
" f e t o r s 

*24-4191 

I M M E D I A T E p o s s e s s i o n on th is e x c e p tio n a lly cle a n o lm o sl new J bedroom 2 bath, large in fo rm a l riving a re a and all extras for to d a ys liv in g lo w eauity or re f.n o n ce 
C o il 141 4444 today 
144 7o14 n i l e ) 
[inn gnucKelie 
A.LO, '.y .. 
1 I I In C on ve rse . SJ M * Egurtv. a n d a s s u m e S I I / p a y m e n ts 
4 ) 4 4 4 o 4 a f t e r n o o n s a n d we# kan as_________________________ 
•• IN K I R B Y *• 
N o th in g d o w n lo o n y e n e i « be broom s, I baths ear ag*, centi ol a ir hoot t-rim m in g pool ISH Au 
I to m n Laa g. i l l ABB, 
4 1 J I 9 M 
A R C I N I E G A R E A L T Y 
R E D U C E D TO S C I L ! T h e G le n 

S A N P E O R O H I L L S (Oak k- Hew 4-*-t. U n it SIO M egurtv 
A s s u m e 
E s t a t e O ft B r e e f c h e llg w l H a n d 
}»«• T o ta l p a y m e n t C a ll to r d e 

J O N E I K l N G 'iV / iV ’ 
'T A e U T E R t U R E A L T Y } 4 H R S 

Guy Chipman en 

O L Y M P IA , A H O M E loc th* E x * cutty* in an a re a for the E x e c u liv e I bedro om , 3 b o th , doubt* e ar age with a su p e r m a s te r be dro o m ond a d o u b le s u p e r k it- i chen 454 6551. 
Century 21 

O L Y M P I A . B y o w n e r . 4 3 1, 
2 looSe F t . Im m a cu la te , fo rm a t liv in g dining ream , la rg e paneled fa m ily room . W W c a rp e t, p riv 
... 
•**r «®*w«a. d r a p e s . 
E states T h is sp a cio u s I bedroom 
* J ' J*,!j" V. J* 
** *(7 ? " n i * • r h o m e h a s s in g le liv in e 
»»««■ °*»3*” ?^v * - 4 y .??!* att 3pw> stacked ro ck fire p la c e an d daub)* vanity 
4*4SX U ( A N Y T I M E ) j 
REB CARPET 

 f AU 27% I AAA 
I KPtflNS ANO NEWS 

•OPEN FOR BIDS* 
G o v e rn m e n t o w ne d hem *. N E st heel, nothing dow n! 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
9/5 )491 
142 /15 
*7*1/7/ 
O UT N A C O G D O C H E S N e D aw n 
Anyone) I M S b ric k 11-2 en corner, firep la ce , eat in k itch en, carpet, a ir, on ly 511.9/5 
MASSA* 
H a rt 
M cC e i 
144 W I 

S E R E N E A N D E L E G A N T H ying in th is s p a c io u s 4 b d rm . 2 b o th hom e. V au lte d liv rm w ith unique 
F P L a rg e din in g room , go rgeou s left! 134 o171 
REB CARPET 
__________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 
S M E L L F L O W E R S as you com e th ro u g h the w ro u g h t-iro n g a te 
F ro m fo rm o l liv in g ro o m ta c o ­ v e re d p a tio , th is hom e h as h a d 
T IC . O nly Sit.OOO N ila s AS* S4M 
Century 21 

T R IC O R e alto rs 149*491 
S P A N IS H H A C IE N D A 
B u ild e r m odel hom e Im m a cu late 
I 7 3, c o r n e r le t. w e t-b a r. a n d m o n y o th e r e x tra s T S N Ston e, only 5*4.TM *5*%314 
REB CARPET__ 

S P E C IA L V A L U E 
N ice I J I with sin g le liv in g a re a , f ir e p la c e , c o u n try k itc h e n , co v ere d patio, p riv a c y fence, out* garoge door opener, pnty 514.9oo 
Century 21 

W H IT E H E A D H O L ID A Y 
U U U I_____________■ t o r s 

"STARTER" HUME 
V#ry w ell kept J bedroom . I bath tor o n ly 519,5o9 T h is S y r o ld h o m e is f u lly c a rp e te d , h a s o feared y o rd and is con venien t ta s c h o o ls a n d s h o p p in g . A s su m e 
S t!/ m e p a y m e n ts a r co n s id e r 
V A b u y e r 
142 4177. n it * ) , 
J49 /S II 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
S U B M IT A L L O F F E R S 
L o v e ly ] be droom . I bath, lu n y ca rp e te d , in te rco m , d is h w a s h e r, nice patie, low equity O w ner so y s 
S e llf". V aca n t N ile s *SS 114* 
Century 21 

H op R eser 551 5 t* l A n ytim e 

SUBURBAN BEAUTY! ~ 
Im m a cu late b ric k hom e n estle d am ong 14 oak tree* on % pe re in 
B a r k le y S q u a re . I b e d ro o m . I bath e v e r s ite d g a ra g e A g o ad buy at SSI,SM C o ll us im m e d ia te ­ ly en flits new listing 
M I 4491 
N ile s 142 1199. M2-7SS7 
G E O R G E F L O O D , R E A L T O R S 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to S:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 
Morscioy thru Thursday 
5 OO P M. for.Following Day 
Friday I 3o for Saturday 
Friday J P M for Sunday 
Friday 5-3o P M For Monday 

CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Cancellations and Corrections con be mode 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M 
Iii 5 3o P M 

The Cxpr <m N«?w$ C o r (pi- oc te p H f€H ')o'nii»f4fty tor 4'Ffori 
Ftp l l day of putoff oT*or 

o53o875o 

133o7o59 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- N 
E 
W 
S 
B 
O 
N 
U 
S 
A 
D 
S 
2 l i n e s 
$ 
V 

_____________________T 
E 
X 
A 
S 
S 
I Z 
E 
S 
A 
V 
I N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

?18 HOUSES HBRrHEAST 

SUBURBAN BEAUTY! im m a c u la te b ric k hom e n e ttle d amani* 34 oak tre e * on ’ » oere in 
B a rk le y S q u a re 
3 b e d ro o m . J bath o v e r -tlie d g a ra g e 
A good b u y a t 
SSS,SOO 
C o ll u t im m ed ia tely on this new lis tin g 
341-44o1 
Mites 342 339o. 343 7557 
GEOUGE FLO O D . R E A L T O R $ 

312 HOMtStiOBTHWtST 
313. imitS4minniKT 
2 £ J » S E i S S L 

SUPER B U Y ! 
O wner anxio u s and soys sell this lo v e ly 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m hom e In 
W ilshire T e rra c e w ith a 22 ft liv mg room . Open T e rm s. No down i 
VA, p aym en ts lik e re n t $24,7oo. J 
Coll today. 341-44o4 
RED CARPET 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
3-2-3o’ L iy ln g ro o m , s e p a ra te d in ­ ing. d o w n s ta irs . N ew tlOOSa Ft. loft w ith fu ll b oth u p s ta irs . S epar­ a te p la y r o o m a n d q u a r t e r s . 
SI3o.ooo >28 o94$ 
T E R R E L L H IL L S , b e a u tifu lly de signed cu s to m b u ilt 3 b e d ro o m , 
7’ a b a th , w ith d e n a n d m u s ic ro o m 
S ittin g on a b e a u tifu lly landscaped c o rn e r lot. o v e r 72oo a ft Call to r appt 
HU G H E S A BRISC OE 
974 4331 
R E A LT O R S 
333 9336 

TIME TO SWIM.... 
...is a lm o st h ere, d o n 't w a it, see this la rg e 4 b e d ro o m , 7 bath to ­ day 2 c e n tra l heat a ir u nits 14x 33 
G a ry P o o l. R o o m fo r te n n is . 
824 4521. nites 474 o744 
Turner Realty 

U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 3 b edroom s. 2 b a th s, ra n g e , w a te r s o fte n e r. 2 lorg e u tility room s, a tta che d c a r­ p o rt. c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. m o n th ly paym ents $132. 7% in te re s t. P ric e 
$71,ooo 
B u y to d a y , to m o r ro w m ig h t be to o la t e ' C H A R L E S 
W ATTS R E A L E S T A T E 732-2918, 
732 533$, 22o-91o4. 

 i t ’—A 
■> w tc im o 
- 

T 
I T 
L 
E 

For Fast A ccurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• i n : I r n x x IN 
• .’ (M il IM I 
\ M 
\ I O N H I* 

• In n : N I I u t ti* I in • ;_’nn MI W * <> H i* XI* 

• i:»'> KHI 1*1 HK K**IU H<; H<*\l* 

S e r v i n g S u n A n t o n i n S in c e l * ) 2 2 

U P ! U P ! U P ! go b u ild in g p rice s. You could not duplicate this lo v e ly 3 b d rm hom e at today's p rice s. C arp ete d tty din com bination w ith m irro r accents. 
7 d e c o ra to r b a th s , d b l a tta c h e d g a ra g e w ith e x tr a s to ra g e od w o rk bench. C o v 'd p a tio w ith a p r iv a c y fe n c e s u r r o u n d in g a lo rg e b a c k y a rd 
A ll of th is to r you the p a rtic u la r h o m e b u y e r at o nly $29,95o o24-o171 
RED CARPET 
__________R E A LT O R S ____________ 

V A L L E Y F O R G E 
E x tra clean 3-7-2. fo rm a l din. liy , j and fa m ily rm s , c o v 'd p o t'o s u r- 1 rounded b y nice la n d s c a p in g . A super buy a l $37.SOO §74-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A LT O R S 

“PARK-IIKE YARD” 

IU brick, 2757 sq It of living orea, 
2? ft. aameroom, plus separate living, dining and family room with fireplace Heated pool and many extras. Easy financing lo ll 
Flank totondi 
341-9191, 
Nites 344 1932. S79.5oo 
HAV!YOU THOUGHT 
OF BUILDING?? 

 look at this one first. It has everything without the headaches of the building, like new 
I VY year old 
Pretty, low mtntenonce yard with sprinkler system 
Separate living ond dining, large den with cathedral colima and fireplace 4 bedroom, 
2 bows, lots of Built in storage rn garage $47,8oo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121 341 9191 6S6-SS2o 

J r - k + i t k k k k 
4 
SEI TO BELIEVE J 

Beautiful 3 2 2. extra large 1/3 ^ acre lot Country living, with ap ^ proximately 21oo sq ft living w. area 
FEATURING Handcrafted * woodburning fireplace plus wall ^ to wall carpeting, Magic Chef all J electric kitchen, electric garage ^ door opener, full energy saving J package with all brick con J struction 
* 
OAK 

B eautiful 4 7 7 In M eadow V illa g e 
I, separate liv in g , fa m ily , g a m e r- oom . 73oo sq ft $5ooo e q u ity a t 
$34o m onth. 473 o154 

V A L L E Y F O R G E ...R a n c h hom e has Hying, d in in g ro o m s p lus fa ­ m ily ro o m w ith tlre p ta c e . b o o k ­ cases) H a lf baffs dow n .2 baths. 4 bedroom s u p s ta irs ' 
$44,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*53-734! 

 tffc iMk ■_ * 
__ _ gRk 

V IL L A G E N O R TH 
B ig 4 bedroom , 7 b ath . den. double b o ra g e , c o v e re d p a tio , on B a r ring ton n ea r new post o ffice site 
P H A . V A o r a s s u m e 
349 45o3. 
4$4-4294 

Manila Worley Realtors 
W E L L C A R E D FOR 
Im m o c u la te I b e d ro om , paneled fa m ily ro o m , " lik e n e w '' c a rp e t m g 
N ic e s to r a g e o ff p a tio 
S7o.9So 
E v e n in g s c a ll M a rg e . 
453 315o 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 453 o55o 

WHATS TODAY to d a y is the d a y to b u y th is a t­ tra c tiv e bed ro om , 1' i b oth hom e w ith all the e x tra s you w a nt In E. 
T e rre ll H itts . E a s y to b u y C o lt 
L u c ille B ie rs c h w a te 344 2341, 
344 5549 
BOB JO N E S. R E A LT O R S 
KEY GROUP 

B E H IN D N O R T H S IO E F E O - 
M A R T . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 'i b a th s , c a rp e ts , a ir N o rth e a s t s c h o o ls . 
V A-F HA term s. 
494 742o S LA TE R R L T Y 344 o934 

BELIEVE IT IT’S TRUE 
L ove ly 3-7-2 In b e a u tifu l U n iv e rs i­ ty Oaks, single liv in g a re a , c o rn e r lo t, p riv a c y fence. E asy a s s u m e hon or new loan O nly $39,9oo C all a n ytim e . 494-533o. 
FBOFESSIONAL REALTY 
B IG 'N B E A U T IF U L . 3-2-2. deu. c a rp e t, b u llt-in s . $3,ooo e q u ity , 
$37* m o V is it now 
IN T E R S T A T E §28 o75$ til 8 p m 
B L A M E NO O N E B U T Y O U R 
S E L F lf you pass th is up 
J u s t re d uce d $74oo in B ro u n S ta tio n 
3-2 7 4 34 2 341 
RED CARPET 
__________ R E A LTO R S 

CREEK 
16o7 COPPfRFIELD ltd 
Conventional fmowing available with 
1o% down exceptional buy of only $59,95o 
Call 
TOM HOTMAN 

6 8 4 - 3 1 1 2 ______ 

1 
- 
^ f g 
E 
U 
J * M O RE OPEN HOMES 

THESE O W NERS CHO SE OU R M O N E Y -S A V IN G W A Y TO SELL 

6927 FOREST G R O VE Step in to y o u r own w o rld o f frvazxo, soft 
3(1o9 and v a u lte d e e l lin g d e n ... co rn e r lo t p riv a c y ... 3 bedrooms, 
2 lu x u ry baths and fu ll double c o r garages., a l I fo r lust $36,3oo1 

13123 IA R K LA IR From cro c l< lin g fire p la c e in m o sfer b e co o m to u t ii ity saving "e x tra s "... 3 years young three b edroom , tw o b a th , a short s tro ll from pf Iv a le e tub a n d p ool .on e x tra measure o f life I 

6o27 R A IN M A K E R Sunny skies on yo ur h a lf o c re o f cu t -d e -soc p riv a c y ... custom touches lik e 1ox4o patios soft w ater, o v e r-s i zed m aster bedroom in o 3 -2 -2 , assum able, p ric e d under V A a p p ra is a l 

V IL L A G E N O R TH Preferred M a c A rth u r H i o re a , sir ik in g gorden nest le d b e h in d p riv a c y to n e " warm w ood tones in fire p la c e fa m i­ ly d en , 4 bedrooms, 2 doc o ra to r v a n ity baths, now under $4o,ooo1 

6414 N A T H A N HALE S trik in g stone fireplaces... fu lly autom atic b u ilt- in k itc h e n , feel securew itll sm okeo n d b u rg lo ra la rm s and in re rca m . O ve rsize d ll vln g urea, 3 beckoon’ s, 2 baths,garages. 

N O R T H W O O D ESTATES N -a rty 2 ,o o o sg. ft. o f com fort c o n d i­ tio n e d lu xury, gleam leg t ile Isaths, 3 b ig g e r bedrooms, fem ily fun room, 18x2o p a tio party area, w ith m ore D u'I I - in storage for you. 

11431 WHISPER D A W N D isco ve r p rid e in W hisper ing O a k s ...a d e c o ra to r's del ig h t w ith 4 expo nd e d bedrooms, 2S contem porary baths, dom inant fp don, c h o ic e landscape, plus c tub membersh ip l 

T H O U S A N D O AK S R eflect th e co nte m p ora ry to s te o f an e xecu ­ tiv e ' s p riv a te I ifesty I a ., from C o u n try C lu b p riv ile g e s to se curity p a tro l... fiv e bedrooms, 2 S baths, g a ro g o s .b i-lo v e lliv in g lu x u ry ! e 

RE YOU BUY. ..these homeowners will show their 

»s to you. ..personally! 
C all 3 4 9 * 4 3 7 3 

 s t u n s 

712 - HOMES NORTHWEST 212 HOMESNORTHWEST 
San Antonio tXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 2 7 1977^ 

21? HOMES NORTHWEST us-nome 

OF CENTRAL TEXAS 

WI CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 MOVE IN VA 

5 % DOWN CONVENTIONAL 
NO PAYMENT TIU MAY 7 7 

3 a n d 4 b e d ro o m p ion s 

$ 3 o ,9 5 o to 
$ 4 4 ,7 5 o 
A ll hom es fe a tu re e n e rg y sa ving p a c k a g e , c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, c a rp e t a n d h a n d c ra fte d w o o d b u rn in g fire p la c e s , d elu xe M a g ic 
C h ef a ll electric kitch e n , a nd 2 ca r g a ra g e 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 
TW IN CREEK 

6 
8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

PRICED RIGHT 
• SIX BEDROOMS • 
CASTLE HILLS 
The Impressive well welcomes you to this brick split level with i bedrooms, 4% baths, lorge 
(•replaced family room plus huge fireploced gomeroom 28o ft Iron tope lest ond view the stars from the high deck 
$129,5oo You must tee this1 
•26 2347 
REALTORS 

Page I 3 -M 

21? HOWKmOWTHWEST 
212 HONES WWmiWEST 
F 2 STORY HOME— 
Bi AUTOUl VIEW OF THE CITY 

4 b e d ro o m , 2 '/ i b o th on o 

.8 ocre. 
S o m a n y e x tra s , 

 like 2 5 X 2 7 ft. sundeck, 2 bed ro om s, o n d h a n d ca rve d b or a n d sto o ls. C a ll to d a y 

 fo r SPECIAL S H O W IN G 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
* 3 4 9 - 1 1 2 1 

212 MMBmmiiitiT 

' h o m e 

US-Home 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* + 
# 
★ * 

BY OWNER 
Shenandoah, 3 2-3, M ony E x tra s 
C oll 494-3448______________________ 

+ INCOME 

1 story d u p le x , 
2 bed room s, a n d I b ath in each. 
Just 
I I years o ld , slab fo u n d a tio n a nd w asher d ry e r connections. P opular a re a 
N o d o w n to VETS. 
O n ly $ 2 2 ,5 o o 

B y ow ne r, 2 story. 4-7' i i. A dorns 
H ill, d in in q ro o m , liv in g ro o m , fa m ily room w ith fire p lace , eat-in k itch e n , c e n tra l a ir heat. co ve re d p a tio , m a n y e x tra s . 7.ooo Sa ft 
A ssum e 7>«VA loon, plus e q u ity . 
Ho agents. 47 3-4947. 
B Y O W N E R . T w in C ree k, 3-2-2. b ric k , $3,ooo e quity. $292 m c C o ll 
734-2547._____________________ ____ 
BY OW NER 
U n iv e rs ity O aks. 3-2-2, C a th e d ra l c e ilin g den w ith b ric k fire p la c e 
B ric k a rc b -w a v in to fo rm a l d in m g , u tility ro o m , d ra p e s , p a tio ond p riv a c y fence m -8197. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
V 349-6211 

FOR S ALE B Y OW NER 
1-1-1, C o rn e r lot. new ly ca rp ete d, and new flo ors, b u rg la r bars, and fe n c e d , lo rg e b e d ro o m s , liv in g a n d p a n e le d d en . M u s t see to a p p re c ia te $18.5oo 737 1971 

 r RICH MAN S VIEW..."' 
. at a moderate price Brand new 
4 2 2, located of 
“ TOP-OF-THE-Hlll” 
Big. big rear yard. Big double garage Hill Country rock retainer wall lo ft of doss and living at 
$36,ooo $1oo Move in VA first payment June Isl 
82A-63A3, Eves. 341-o416 
V 
E 
CORNELIUS J 

A ASSOCIATES’ / j 

 mmmmmmmmmmmmrnmmBKSBPr 

WFTEM f f l----- 

• N « w Brie lr H om a* <*** B rr. 

• Ir to tM d iln f Vh»w» 
• W o o d e d Site* for WRI V A C t 
• 4 Choice Nerds Communed** 
(Irulw dhif New BrmmfeU) 
• Low Tenet M a k e e e ty Rwr- chtate Termt e 1 7 o o Sa. ft. 
- 7 Cur 
G e ro fte lJ r.S O O e 7 6 8 o So *t. U vleo . 7 Cor 
Q vrvgaU V,TSO. 
Search The Hem e M e Href O ve r 
T H IN Coll UW 
- 
Swinney Co. 
4 9 2 -lu 7 2 
6 5 8 -o 2 9 o 
673-14o1 

PRICE JU S T R E D U C E D 
OWNER A N X IO U S See this love ly spacious 4-2-2 w ith lo rg e fa m ily ro o m , a ll b r ic k in p re s tig io u s areo, n e a r M e d ic o ! C e nte r, Has everything and p ric e d now at only 
$45,5oo 
H E R IT IG E F A R M 
New to m a rk e t, lo v e ly rock home. 
3-2-7, att b u ilt Ins. m o n y e x tra s 
Includes w a s h e r ond d ry e r, Coll fast to see th is one 
F o r only 
$34,8oo 
LEO N V A L L E Y A R E A 
Jusl listed Im m a c u la te 3 b edroom hom e, f u lly e q u ip p e d k itc h e n , c o m p le te ly c a r p e te d , c e n tr a l heat- a ir. L a rg e e n clo se d y a rd . 
P riced to se ll in the 7o's Also 3 others in sam e p ric e range in areo 

EXECUTIVE 
- 

COUNTRY ESTATES 

* 
* 
* 

* I 3 otT* * 4 bedroom * 
^ 

 wood burning hreplare * wet ^ 

 bar, ♦ many extras * quiet 6 j country living with all the city +t 

 conveniences * no city Coxes 
♦ dr one of o kind * comte kit ♦ 
♦ purchase before price in J I 

 crease * a bargain $$9,9$o. 
J I 
VA financing avail a bf*. 
^ 
Call 
* ! 
TOM HOTMAN 
* 
6 8 4 - 3 1 1 3 
♦ 
1651 ROB ROY 
I 

 u s - H o m e 

J 
Of CINTkAl TIMAS 
T 

* 
A V * -A * ★ A- A 
X 

 s t e a l 
A hom e C a rp e te d 3 b e d ro o m , popular one living a re a. bos fire place, separate d ining , o v e r 15oo 
SO It tor $39,5oo A ll b ric k , osk for 
F ron Rosencron 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 

ITICEllO 
HEIGHTS 
Beauty near 
Medical 
Center 
Specious 2 bedroom brick, plush 

 carpets, central air. tool covered 

 patio, BSQ pit. pecan trees 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691 1121 
656 $$2o 
341 9191^ 

SWEET ’N NEAT 

Just luted Beautiful home in coun try setting. 3 bedrooms. 2 baths, 

 fireplace in (amity room; 2 tor garage, on ’ i erie Coll today, the price will SURPRISE you' 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
\ 349-6211 

Century 21 Century 21 wonderland 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
HOWARD TATE RE ACTORS 

BARBEN HOME 
An e leg a nt "O ne Of A K in d " g a r den hom e ond In W H IS P E R IN G 
OAKS J b edroom s. 3 bofhs, fo r | m ot d in in g , fire p la c e , w e t b o r. ond m ony other lu x u ry fea tures 
$44,9oo 347 4177. N iles. 342 7947 
B IL L S O U TH E R N R E A LTO R 

COLONIES NORTH 
B y o w ne r. 3-2-2. $34,9oo 49A7798 
No A g e n ts ________________________ 

COUNTRY ESTATE w ith s w im m in g pool. 7 la rg e g a r­ a ge s. en 4 tre e c o v e re d a c re s 
M ites of vie w . $ bedroom . J b ath . d en, g am e ro o m , lots of e x tra s , im m e d ia te p o s s e s s io n , tro d e s considered. 498-21o7 
B IL L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

GIGANTIC 
M a s te r b d rm s u ite g ra c e s th is 
4 -2 '1-2. liv in g - d in in g , c o u n try k itc h e n den tom . rm S cre en ed patio O ver 25oo sa ft P rice d low . 
MAC R E A L ESTATE 878 2571 

~ 6RANo MANOR 
G o rd o n h o m e d e lig h t t 4 be broom s. 3'T bath, w ith fire p la c e and b rig h t sunny kitchen. P re tty w hite stucco $55,95o. 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
499 97o1 

CASTLE H ILLS 
W a n tin o to m o ve to an e le g a n t a re a * This Is the best buy you can fin d Coll fo r in form atio n 824-o171 
RED CARPET 
R E ALTO RS ___________ 

COUNTRY LIVING 
B y O w ner. 2-2 2, % ocre. IH1o NW . v e r y n ic e , $ 23,9oo. 341 o 95 1. 
*»» M W evQf._____________________ 

B R A U N S TATIO N 
L o w e q u ity ! A p p ro x . $775o a s ­ sum es th is 7*«S lo a n on th is 3 b e d ro o m b e o u ty ! S in g le liv in g a rea w ith double fire p la c e . M o n y trees $322 5o mo. $39,9ooo 
R E A LTO R 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG * ASSOC 

C A S TLE H ILLS 
L a rg e 4 bedroom s, 2'-* b o ttu , p lu s s e p a ra te g a m e ro o m in a ir s 
H e a te d o u td o o r T h e rm a l B a th o n d m o n y e x tr a * . $74,5oo. 227 
G LE N T O W E R B v a pp t: Jo A nn 
S pe a rs, B ro k e r O w ner 342-o225. 
O pen House M onday : 1o-12 a n d 
4 4 B ro kers WI i< pm.- 

WIFE PLEASER! 
3 bedroom s, 2 b ath, w ith lu x u ry c a rp e t a nd p a n e lin g th ro u g h o u t 
F o r m a l liv ln g - d in ln g . f a m ily room , c e n tra l heat ond a ir ond a b u ilt in kitc h e n I f s L o v e ly ' O nly 
$32 OOO 481 3222, N iles, 492 1113 
B IL L S O U TH E R N R E A LT O R 
W in d cre st. 4 b e d ro o m . 458 F a ir t rest, $7o,5oo 453-7o44 by o p p '! 
W IN D C R E S T O W N E R . 3 2 2. ex c e p tlo n o l c u s to m , fire p la c e , c o ­ v e re d p a tio , h o b b y ro o m , s p rin k le rs . A v a il June I. $45,9oo 
455 3494 

WINDSOR SQUARE 
L ove ly 3 3 hom e. H uge liv in g o r ea. ro n g e , a ir . c a rp e t, fe n c e d 
575.ooo assum e o r re fin an ce. 
BUDDY UECKER 824 7381 

YOUR WISH 

B R O K E R ’S E X C L U S IV E ! W ood law n. 3 b edroom . 3 b ath , c e n tra l a ir heat. F lo rid a ro o m , e x c e lle n t c o rn e r lot. $4,5oo. 494-1412 
FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
BUS STO P O N E B L O C K 
2 be droom s. den No down to anyone. 
494 742o S LA TE R R L T Y 484-4149 
574,ooo B UYS this v e ry s p e cia l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e w it h ce ntro ! a ir, c a rp e tin g , a n d b u ilt- is Assum e 5177 m o o r re fin a n c e . 
481 o44o. 
RED CARPET 
•DY OWNER* 
3-7-2. A ll B ric k , In D r e a m la n d 
O a k s . *8oo Sa F t., p lu s 14x2o w orkshop in Back Yd. A ll b u ilt-in k itc h e n a pp t. 544.9oo 
344-1437 
1o9o4 C edar E lm . 
J 
BY O W NER 
A t r a d itio n a l h o m e . 4 -2-1, f ir e place in liv ln g -d in ln g , d e n , w ith t a ll b e a m e d c e llin g , p le n ty o f storage, la rg e oak tre e s in b ack y a rd P ric e d a t 542.5oo in con v e n ie n t O ak 
H ills 
T e r r a c e 
481 1839__________________________ 

 to r a lo v e ly h o m e c o m e s tr u e w hen you v ie w th is c h a rm in g 3 
By O w ner, A ttra c tiv e , w e ll k e p t 3 bedroom . 7 bath hom e in O ak H ills b e d ro o m . 2 b o th hom e w ith fo r - ! n* ? r c *Vu,r * h * ' 
M edico! center, USAA. a nd U TSA 
One ow ner 537.ooo Coft o ffe r 4 P M weekdays, 484 3584 

 m a l d in in g , la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , c a rp e tin g throu g h out. p riv a c y fenced ond p ric e d at only 548.9oo N ile s 454 5584 
Century 21 

M O N E Y S A V E RS R E A L T Y 
454 241o A N Y T IM E 

B Y O W N E R . B a b c o c k N o r th , 
< 2*1, fu lly carpeted, d is h w a s h e r. range, disposal, c e n tra l heat a ir, 
544oo E a u ity . 
5 7 1 8 -m a . 
C a ll 
494 4781 o r 494 8938 

21? JOM ES NORIHWST 

A B A R G A IN a f y e s te r d a y 's prices. 4 b ed ro om s, 2 baths, la rg e liv in g a re o $77,5oo See today 
IN T E R S T A T E 87k o755 til 8 p m 

BY O W N E R . B e a u tifu l 1 2 7. a ll b ric k odobe hom e in U n iv e rs ity 
O aks 
F o rm o l liv in g ro o m a n d la rg e den w ith ston e fire p la c e 
Fenced y a rd w ith tre e s W a lk to 
E le m e n try sch o o l M u s t see to app re cia te $47,ooo 491 1375 

A BARGAIN 
F o r the d is c e rn in g b u y e r 
T h is s e lle r th o u g h t he w o u ld n e v e r le a v e th is 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th hom e H u loss is yo u r gain. Hom e fe a tu re s la rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , in te rc o m system , lo vely sc re e n e d in p a tio a n d p r iv a c y fe n c e d y a rd 
P ric e d a t $36,9oo 
N othing dow n fo r V ete ra ns 
684 433o 344 62o7 Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S B o n d e ro Rd O ft 
| A B IT OF P A R A D IS E landscaped 
( b v Los P o lio s 
T h is 4 b e d ro o m 
(h o m e n os h ig h lo c a tio n w ith o j tre m e nd ou s v ie w l W indow tre a t 
:: m en! bos been g iven by D ecora 
{ t o r D ia n e F la c k 
T h is w e ll a p- ; pointed hom e boosts o self clean 
B in g e v e n la r g e s p e a r a te le o I 
I m a ke r, c o rn in g coektop Pool one 
(b lo c k a w oy Tennis c o u rt $84.7$# 
1494 7451 A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW 8 KLINE 
U t A t TORS 5o Y e a rs p l TRUST 

I'? AC HUGE OAKS 
I 
15oo sq It. ro c k hom e, oft elec 
| fire p la ce , d o g ru n , 7 c o r, nice 
828 o445 
734 1766 
734 41 17 
W ATSON A SON R E A LT O R S 

7 ACRES NORTH (HIO 
■londsome 4 b ed ro om . 2 both, to 
"Ity ro o m w ith fire p la c e , p lu s fo r m a l liv in g a n d d in in g 
B rin g 
‘ ro a r h o rs e s to b e a u t if u l H ill 
C ountry I 15 m in u te s fro m M e d 
Center 
F o r Q U IC K sole, p ric e d 
Rnly $49,ooo 
C A L L V IC K I L A N E 
|4 I 3144 
N IT E S 828-3691 

W a lk e r J 
B o r n e b ey__ 
Adam s H ill, by o w n e r, J 2 2, I 
Avine areas, e x tra s $34,7oo $25o negotiate e qu ity 673 27o2 
A HHH HHI 
I th a t a p re tty hom e I s p acio u s droom s, fo rm a l liv in g , separate lin in g O v e rlo o k s b e a u tifu l g a r 
Den w ith fire p la c e A lt c o r fe te d , in c lu d in g k itc h e n 
Y o u 'll 
>ve it) Ask fo r G ila Lucas 
341*9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
■ii HO W ARD T A T E R E A LT O R S 
A L I ROCK 3 7 7 F IR E P L A C E 
( A leon V o lle y orea. $285 m o n th ly jin d No D ow n lo A nyone. W O W ! 
F 
344 5564 H a rt M cC o rm ic k 
I 
______ 
■ M IO LA R G E P E C A N and OAK 
(R E E S . cu sto m o ld e r reek hom e. 
12 7 den. ta rm a t a re a , fire p la c e , 
■ewer k itc h e n , Puy to d a y , re d e ­ corate yo u r w ay 874 4 5o7 
REDD* REALTY CO 
B A R G A IN P R IC E S 
TINO FAMILY HOME • 
Ruble a ttra c tio n L ove ly I story h<k J 2 7. d e n (F P ) B u ilt rn k it 
P L U S m a tc h e d I room ric k hem e e n h a n ce d by w a ited 
■h o i On »« acre M any e x tra s f t m 126 2147 R E A LT O R S 

BY O W NER. 4 bed ro om . J b oth 
1oo*% b ric k . L arge tat w ith m a n y trees S um m it A re a $47,ooo. open term s B y app ointm e n t 69o 83)2 
BY O W NER. 3 bed ro om , 2 b ath d o u b la g a ra g e . B ra u n S ta tio n 
W e s t. la w e q u it y 
484 3 m perm -orts or o ft 6. 
B y o w n e r. 8424 B rlx to n . B ra u n 
Station E ast. C ontem p. I b drm , bain, < of net lot 8 m o o ld 684 6 383 
BY O W NER C H A R T E R O AKS 
Smote liv in g a re a. F p . 3-2 7. 3o14 
One.do 494 8538 

CASTIE HIUS EXECUTIVE 
B ea u ty In b ric k w ith te rra z z o tile a n d p a rq u e t th ro u a h o u t. L a rg e fa m ily c o m fo rt in 5 bedroom s a nd 
5 baths F lo rid a Ream E xce p tio n o i Hom e fo r e nte rtainin g . C a ll to p riv a te shew ing 

E2E-4361 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R eoltors-N E Loop ofc______ 
C A S TLE H IL L S E STATES c o ly c o m fo rt on a larg e scolet 2 s to ry h em e has liv in g ro o m to le ft a f te rra ro e n try , dining ro o m to the r i g h t ' F a m ily ro o m w ith D r e ­ a m s *. 5 bedroom s. 3 fu ll b ath s. 2 h a lf baths! D ouble garage p lus 4 c a r. s e p a ra te g a ra g e o r g a m e ro a m ! 
St 49,5oo 
R E A LTO R S 
694-481* 
Guy Chipman Co 

C A S TLE H IL LS ... Huge, c o u n try I lik e lo t w ith p eca n tre e s , b o a t shed, ro o m to r g a rd e n ... has lo ­ v e ly b ric k 'n ce do r hom e w ith 2 ! f ir e p la c e s , lo n g p a t io l 3 b g - 1 d room s, 2 baths 
S44.ooo 
R E A LTO R S 
494-7771 I 

COUNTRY LIVING 
FOR EXECUTIVES 
E n te rta in in a 41x18.4 liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la c e and w e t b o r a n d en|oy a fo rm a t d ining room on tw o tre e fitted acres. F e a tu rin g 5 be d ro o m s . 4 'abattis E n lo y a sm o 
■ c h o u s e a n d a g re e n h o u s e . 2 i y e a rs old. C all to m are details. 
C A L L % '-i4 e '» V j% % A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
I 
INC. R E A LTO R S 

Country Living w ith a it c ity conveniences. B eau ttfu l '» o c re lo t w ith h u g e o a k tre e s I v e ry ta rg e b e d ro o m s, 7 J b ath s, s e p a ra te liv in g ro o m a n d 
; d in in q ro o m , fa m ily ro o m w ith 
: lo ts a t b u ilt in s. d ou ble g a ra g e . c o vered p atio , c a ll to r a ll d e ta ils 
Reese Henry 
R e a lto r 
6SS-3S84 
Niles 
6S3-7791 

COUNTRY LIVING 
' L a rg a I bedroom . J bath a ll b ric k borne en o co rn e r lot in G e ro n im o 
F o re s t O ve r on a cre at b e a u tifu l fra ts . L o v e ly c a th e d ra l b ea m e d 
: f a m ily ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e 
: O ve r s ite d double g arag e, m a n y e x tra s F o r vie w in g, ca ll 342-4115 a n y t i m e 

G R E A T B U Y 
O v e r 19oo sq It, R O C K A N D 
C E D A R . I b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , in 
F O R E S T O A K S ! L iv in g ro o m , paneled den w ith b re a kfa st a re g . garage converted to gam e room 
L ove ly tre ed y a rd ! O nly $38,9oo 
69o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 

R E A L T O R S 

Hammer Swinger Special 
F ix a d o o r ond p oint o room , good os new 3 bedroom . ! ' i bath, cen tro t heat a ir, slab fou ndation, a t­ tached oarage $24,5oo 
SANDISO N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 

JEFFERSON AREA 
H ave you been looking fo r a hom e lh the JE F F E R S O N A R E A ? lf so we b elieve this w ill in te re s t you also) Call today 
736 4424 
Deanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O RS Jefferson Ole 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A f r e s h ly painted cottage w ith 2 bedroom s, la rg e liv in g room L arge lot w ith lovely, shade trees* 
$18,5oo 
R E A LTO R S 
6964811 
Guy Chipman Co 

MS. QUEEN liv e s in th is Im m o c u la te 3-2-2. 
Fenced y a rd big p olio w ith view. 
Y o u rs to r o n ly $39,95o VA FN A 
Ann 
C a rtw rig h t. 
494 513o, 
343-1778. 
PROFESStONAL REALTY 

1oo% NATIVE STONE 
3 -2-2, c a r p e te d , k itc h e n a p ­ pliances. fire p lace . N o thin g down, 
$1o5 p e r m o. BOB TH O M P S O N 
141 7693. *28 o755 IN T E R S T A T E 

N e ar S outhw est R esearch, i-2 -i, fenced, drapes. 481-3o1*__ 
_____ 

481 o3oo 
R E A LTO R S I p r i c e r e d u c t i 6 n 
• DREAMLAND OAKS • 
E legant b ric k borne In secluded neighborhood. 4 b e d ro om , 3 bath plus 27 x t i g a rd e n ro o m E x c e l­ lent co nd itio n. 822 5228. 878 547) 
S tro u d e r N elson R o p ily 

SUNSET H IL L S . 3-1. E n c lo s e d g arage, b u ilt-in K itc h e n , c o rp e t ed. Cent, air-heat. 434-6656 

NEW LISTING 
In p n p u lo r BABCO CK N O R TH . 4 bed ro om , co vered p atio , drapes, u tility shed to r a tow $29,9oo New 
F in a ncin g o r assum ption 

JE FFE R S O N o il b ric k J bedroom , lo rg e liv in g room , nice co rn er lot. 
4 BEDRO OM S 
7 baths, c e n tra l a ir. im m a c u la te 
$3o.$oo. 434-318$ 
Century 21 
DO UG LAS 
R E A L 
E S TA TE 
___________434 3185_____________ 

JEFEERSDN DUPLEX 
2 story rock duplex, perm eation 
One block to Jeff V illage, bus at c o rn e r 
E a c h a p a rtm e n t h as 2 lo rg e bedroom s, com bination My- m g a n d d in in g ro o m 
N ic e k it 
Chon. $35,ooo 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LTO R S MLS 

NEW LISTING 
B R A U N S TATIO N EAST 
Big 4 bed ro om , single liv in g ore a h o m e -lo rm o l d in in g . C o m p le te w ith fire p la c e and w e t b a r. inside and o u ts id e The y a rd Is in ond yo u c a n e n |u y th e w o rld fro m y o u r shoded patio. E asy a ssum p ­ tion 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LTO R S M LS 
NEW ON M A R K E T K in d o< ta m e 
I A m e ric a g re w up on M a le s tic 2 
1 s to ry C o lo n ia l S ittin g on a oak treed lot F e a tu rin g $ bedroom s, i 2'> b a th s , fo rm a l a re a s , la rg e d e n . s p r in k le r s y s te m 
M u c h m ore C h u rc h ill Hi 
RED CARPEl 
342-3111 
R E A LTO R S 
344 8277 
NO C IT Y TA X E S 3 2 2. fire p la ce , covered patio, co rp et. a ppliances 
$1,25o dow n Nor th jid e schools 
696742o S LA TE R R L T Y 344 o934 

PRICE REUDCED 
FO R E S T O AKS 
A ll b rick b ea uty. C o rn e r tlre p ta ce in single liv in g a re a hom e Split b ed ro om a rra n g e m e n t, m a s te r bedroom Is huge 
T h is is a re a l b a rg a in . $42,9oo. C a ll fo r yo u private show ing now* 344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LT O R S M LS________ 

PRICE REUDCED 
FO R E S T OAKS 
AM b r ic k b e g u ty . 
C a a r n e r fire p la c e in s in g le liv in g a re a hom e 
S a n t b e d ro o m a r r a n ­ gement. m a s te r b e d ro o m is huge 
This is a re a l b a rg a in $42,9oo 
Call fo r you a n vo te show ing now ! 
34683a 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LT O R S M LS 

SW IM M ING W E A T H E R 
Entoy this large t$x32 It pool plus la rg e 1-7-2 h o m e , lo c a te d in p o p u la r G len O aks P a rk 
Com o le te ly r e fu r b is h e d , n e w ap p lia n c e s . p a in t, o n d c a rp e tin g . 
Conventional a pp ra ise d at $5o,2oo 
O E L L V IE W A R E A 
E x c e p tio n a lly n ic e 2 b e d ro o m 
C o n te m p o ra ry h o m e in n ic e n e ig h b o rh o o d b e tw e e n V a n e * 
J a c k s o n a n d W e s t A v e 
O n ly 
$73,5oo, VA FMS 
COLONIES S U M M IT 
1-2-2 w ith single liv in g area con 
1 cepl. split bedroom a rra n g e m e n t. 
I o good b u y a t o n ly $37,5oo i Assume C onventioonal 
Century 21 
W H ITE H E A D H O L ID A Y 
1417115 
R E A LT O R S 

In O ellvtew o re a B ric k v e n e e r, corpet. im m ocu la te co nd itio n, 3-1 p lu s den. fen ce d W a sh e r d ry e r connnections $24,5oo 
Van Buren 6 Assoc 
686 7171 
696 5896 
699 oo66 

TAKE A DIP 

JEFFERSON 
HANDY AS A POCKET 
This clean 2 bedroom , den. u tility ro o m , n e a r b u s , s h o p p in g . A s ­ sume o r re fin an ce. $18,5oo 
UWanWoolsey 7356876 

HARMONY HILLS 
4 bedroom , 7 both. 2 c o r g a ra g e 
Close to schools. L arge b a c k y a rd w ith p atio and pool $39,9oo 
G RACE L A IR D 734-4215 736 ooo7 
H E R IT A G E FA R M No Down 
A nyo n e' Clean 61-2 separata liv in g and fa m ily room s, a ir. eat in kitch e n w ith dishw ash e r, ronge. frid g e , disposal, nice fenced ya rd , only $291 m onth 
346 5564 H a rt M cC orm ick 144 2993 h I r I T A G E FA R M S '. 4 2 7. OO pliances. fenced, only $35o dow n, i $315 m o 
J B J R E A L T Y 474 8881 A n y tim e 

L a rg e o ld e r h om e on b 'a tre e shaded lot 4 bedroom s, i baths, fo rm a l liv in g room , separate din mg ro o m , fa m ily room w ith fire ­ place. L ow 4o $ T erm s fle xible 

NW 5 bedroom s, open house in spe ct and c o ll o w n e r 3419 
M O H E G A N OR W a lk in g dis to n c c ta a le m . m id d le e nd h ig h s c h o o ls 
$39.$oo 
W ill co nsid e r tro d e 732-8768 

R A IN B O W H IL L S 
J b e d ro o m s . i'> baths, c e n tra l h e o t-o ir. ronge. r e f r ig e r a t o r , w a t e r s o fte n e r, covered p a tio , a tta c h e d g a ra g e 
M onthly $15o. in te re s t 8'«, $21,ooo 
C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L ES 
TATE. 732 2918. 732 5355, 278-91o4 I 
R A IN B O W H IL L S 
Lovely 3 b e d ro o m hom e L a rg e I 
I fenced y a rd . 
E q u ity and 
$114 1 month 
67$ 1691 
347 743$ 
P O IN T E R R E A L ESTA TE 
R E D D E D $4ooo 
E x e c u tiv e F re n c h C h a te a u in 
I Laurel H lll$. I m in u te s fro m U T ­ 
SA ond the M edico! C enter. 5 be droom s (M a s te r d a w n ), fo rm a l 
I Ily in a a n d d in in g p lu s a h u g e 
Cornily ro o m m a k e th is the best lu xury hom e b uy of the ve or. A ll drapes a nd a screened p atio Coll tor the tow p ric e 
6911111 
R E A LT O R S 
141 5421 
RED CARPEl 

 in the pool (27x14) o f th i$ I be d ro om , 2 b ath h o m e lo c a te d in 
BAB C O C K N O R T H 
O th e r fe o lu re s in c lu d e c a r p e te d liv in g ro o m , g a rd e n k itc h e n , f a m ily room w ith sheet v in y l flo o r, and p n va cv fenced y a rd T o to l p ric e . 
$14,9oo 

344-62o7, 684 433o A nytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 

 mDDlAWN H ills 
THIS IS A BE A U T Y I 
4 bedroom (o r I ond ond o ffic e ), s e p o ro le d in in g , la r g e liv in g ro o m , d e n , c e n tr o ! h e a t o ir 
$42,5oo 141-72o1. nites 341 8294 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

WOODLAWN HULS 
L u x u ry J bedroom . 2 b oth on q uie t stre et O ver 2ooo s a .ti 
12 v e o rs o ld 
N o rth s id e s c h o o ls 
R E D U C E D lo $39,85o V A EM A 
E rie Nagel 696 533o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

WOODS DF S HAVANO . 3 2 7 ains room for sewing or stud y, c o rn e r fire p la c e , u tilit y ro o m . L o v e ly y a rd w ith trees and greenhouse 
Just reduced to $51.5oo 497 9714 

REALTO RS N W est Ofc 
TAKE YOUR P IC K 

 j u s t l ik e B i n d e r e l l a ' s 
S LIP P E R Should fit yo ur re a utr- em e n ts fo r s ite . 4 b e d ro o m s . 7 baths, la rg e den, 2 huge p atio s. like c o u n try liv in g in H ollyw ood 
I P ork. 
RED CARPET 
I 341 J ilt 
R E A LTO R S 
494 lo s t 

HOLDING OUT? 
F o r J bedroom s. 3 boths, double earage? You have it. plus a 24 ft den, e le c tric kitch en and fenced b ackya rd . O nly $7o2 mo. 
SANDISO N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 
WOULD WIPE REALTY 
•HOLLYWOOD PARK* 
C R E S TH A V E N 
D e lig h tfu lly d eco ra ted 3-2-1 w ith lo v e ly c a rp e t th ru -o u t, c u s to m dra pe s, b rig h t, new k itc h e n a n d fre s h as a d a is y . L o rg e fe n c e d y a rd w ith p atio and trees $31.SOO cfm j a b i j«sl v a t a w ain p a tio a n a n c t i . » j i <3v 
Guy Chlornal) Co c e n tu r y 21 

W hiteheod H oliday 
684 37)1________ 
R E A LT O R S 
D E E R F IE L D 3-1' *1 . c u ld e s a c 
$24.SOO. lo w e q u ity and a s s u m e 
5)9o IWO. 614-4244 H A R L E Y 
I 
^ n m g . ^b rea kfast' roam ^ E le c tric 
O E L L V IE W 
A R E A , 
J IC P fenced, c a rp e t, banus ro a m , tre e s , j 
$2*oo e q u ity , a ssu m e $147 V A . j 
349-o3o7__________ 
| 
D cH view 7 b ed ro om , den. b o " ’ 
O w ner w ill finance 414 *9o2 

OELLVIEW 
! J b e d ro o m , 2 b o th h o m e w ith 
| p a n e le d fa m ily ro o m , b u ilt in 
I e le c tric kitch e n , c e n tra l h eat a ir. 
! single ca r garage A ll to r $25,ooo 
; 14! 72o1, n ites 494-7*44 A sk fo r 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 
JOHN FLOURNOY IMC 
DC Ll VIEW 
R ock fro n t. J bedroom s. 7 baths, c e n tra ) h eat a ir, bus a t c o rn e r 
F o r m ore d eta ils coll 
IN D E P E N D A N T R E A LT O R S 
34o-1711___________ 

• CASTLE HHS • 
F low ered, b ric k e d a rb o r e n try to th is b ric k one story 4 3-2. e x c itin g glassed fa m ily ro a m (F P ), liv in g . 

 th r u o u t. S p r in k le r s y s c h a rm e r $7$^oo 174 7147 
TAelma B. Pressman 

CASTLE P A R K ... clean lin e d , a ll b ric k hem e has p re tty a tr iu m fir e p la c e tn th e fa m ily r o o m ' 
L a rg e liv in g d in in g c o m b in a tio n and 4 bedroom s. 2 baths H o bb y ro o m and covered p atio ! 
$45.o*4 
R E A LTO R S 
4967771 
Guy Chipman Co 

354 D O N E L LA . 96 trees, s u rro u n d n ative stone, cedor trim , 15yr old c o n te m p o ra ry hom e. J b d rm , 2 b o th , 7 in t. w a ils of ston e w ith fire p la c e , s k y lig h ts k itc h e n d in ­ ing rm . H uge lot. c irc u la r w o n. cactus garden, lighted B a r B Que e n te rta in in g a re a , c o m p le te ly fe n c e d 
R e frlg . O W . W p s h e r l n ew • ' shed, custom o< apes M i sla v. N ew c e n t h e a tin g , e co n o m y u tilit y . o w ner tra n s fe rre d . $52,36o. n ew loon or assum e $14,56o a t $’ **%. 
Coll a tt 6pm 349 5796 ar 494 1496 

JUST LISTED 
On W O lm os Large 2 bedroom . I bath, seporte dining. 2 a ir u nits, o pleasure to show 824-4521, nites 
476 o7*4 
Turner Realty 

JUST L IS T E D in C h a rte r O aks 
Love ly, ru stle 3 bedroom . 2 bath h om e, la rg e s in g le liv in g areg. flre o la c e d . m a n y b u ilt-in s . o ak tre ed lot 
RED CARPET 
347 3111 
R E A LTO R S 
4965o77 
JU S T L l i ^ E D i B e a u tifu l I be 

O A K C R E E K N O R TH W E S T the a tr iu m e n try o f th is lig h t, a iry hom e leads ta liv in g , d in in g and tamMv roam s . w ith decks a tt the fa m ily ro a m and m a s te r suite 4 b e d ro o m s . J lu x u ry b a th s I W et I b o r. bra efa ce, lo vely p atio , gua r ta rs a nd storage g a lo re ! 
$94,6oo 
R E A LTO R S 
694-4o11 
Guy Chipman Co 

OAK CREEK NM 
B v o w ne r, a s a il! 3 b d rm , la rg e liv in g argo. g om ero o m w ith wet- b a r. la rg e d in in g re a m and k it- th e n , in te rco m , m ic ro w a v e even. : 
In the 9o s 694 USO________________i 

OAK HILLS TERRACE 
B v ow ner, a honey fo r the m oney I 
I Im m a c u la te 
3-2 -2, s p a c io u s i c o rn e r, m a n ic u re d la w n . tre e s. 
; d in in g , fa m ily ro o m w ith ca th e d ra t c e ilin g , fire p la c e , k itc h e n w ith boy b re a k fa s t o re a . a ll appl. coy p olio, m ony e x tro s . $41,5oo 
68)1144 

Lovely J bedroom hom es in good co nd itio n, lo cate d n e a r M e d ic a l 
Center with paym ents lo w e r than re n t R e aso n ab le e q u itie s 
We have several. Call fo r opp! 
B E A U T IF U L G L E N O AKS 
E x c e p tio n a l 5-2-2, fa m ily hom e located in this choice, co nve nien t neighborhood M a n y lu x u r y feo lures. Only 559,9oo. o s n u m i or 
Conventional 
FOREST O AK S 
Wont the b est’ Then c o ll to see these lo vely 4-2-2 h o m e s In th is c h o ic e n e ig h b o rh o o d s n e a r s c h o o ls , s h o p p in g . 
M e d ic a l 

YES 
You w ill love the p riv a c y o f this spacious hom e on J a c re s close in 
N orth Solid A ustin stone a pp ro x 
77oo sa It O nly $82.5oo 496 5281. 
4o* 7o43 
H IL L C O U N TR Y R E A LT O R S 
YOU can get in to th is b e a u tifu l 
$4o,ooo home w ith only $4oo cosh 
COH rig h t now ! 496-o974 
F o rlu no Associates, 696 1412 

R E D U C E D IN W H IS P E R IN G 
O A K S ! A lo v e ly e n tr y , F re n c h doors a nd a M a n s a rd ro o f set the mood of th is a lt b ric k hom e. F o r m oi liv in g , d in in g ro o m s a n d a paneled fa m ily ro a m w ith a p re tty fire p lace 
4 bed ro om s. 7' i baths, study a nd sew ing ro a m s ! 
$82,5oo 
R E A LT O R S 
4944o11 , 
Guy Chipman Co 

R E T R E A T to T H E S E R E N IT Y ond E L E G A N T L IV IN G on 4 71 acres o n ly 5 m inu tes fro m UTSA. 
M e d ical C e nte r a nd U SAA G o r­ geous ro c k hom e has 2 fire p lace s, large liv in g o re a . fo rm a l ond In- lo rm a l e a tin g a re a s , huge so la r­ iu m . m o d e rn is e d k itc h e n o n d d e lig h tfu l sun p o rc h . S e p a ra te guest house has liv in g and d ining , m odern k itc h e n p lus I sunny be droom s 
$13o,ooo 
494 76SI 
A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A LT O R S $o Y e a rs of TRUST 

YOU'LL NEVER REGRET 
The day you d ecid e d to lo ok of this lovely 3 bedroom hom e in the 
H IL L C R E S T o re a , c e n tra l heot ond o ir, loaded k itc h e n and lovely yord P riced in 2o's. 
3*9 S ill or 3*9 3535 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E ALTO RS N C e ntro! Ole 
YOUNG AT H E A R T i t n g q i i , s n a p p i n g , r w c a ic a i i 
^ * % j irl 

Z X ' d ? ” 
" 
* 
o ” 
* pr,cea t h e S U M M IT 
S tone fire p la c e 
•n row « i s_ d b o l| M n i s u n k e n liv in g anim # r n r r t r . . Ii« m « «« . . . . ! room . la rg e kitch e n Cosy m aster f e n ^ c l V n T a V ^ : \ . Z u t V : t 1 ^ w lt h J . r . P lo c e d s t if f in g home ownership 62-3 C ondom in turns w ith over 22oo sa It ond to m any extras to lis t L o c a te d near I 
M edical Center and o n ly $54,ooo | 
Conventional 
Century 21 
W hitehead H o lid a y 
4863711______________ R E A LT O R S 
T Bilio W ills . B v o w n e r, s p ilt level 4-2-7, fire p la c e , peal, o il ex { b a s 
Low e a u itv . 
484 )o6o, 
*36o4o1___________________________ 

TEXAS BEAUTY 
C o m fo rtab le 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th hom e In the S t. M a r y 's a re a 
Lorge. carpeted liv in g ro o m Just reduced to $1o,5oo 
735-7457 
4o4 o753 
M A R TIN E Z R E A LT O R S 

 room . $44,9oo 
69o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 
YOU lie I ti 

B y Owner, 4 $2 C o lo nia l H ills . 
7 m in. to IH1o 41o 349 222o 

By O w n er C olonies N o rth Sum m il 5 b drm , fo rm a l liv in g d in in g . 
7 baths, fa m ily roam - fire p la c e . J c a r g a ra g e , s c re e n e d p o ll * . 
$55,9oo. 69o 9*11 

B y o w n e r, 4-2-2. c u s to m b u ilt ra n ch, w ith trees, c o v e re d p atio . 
$59,ooo 49o 1344 

C H A R M begins a t th * fro n t d o o r et this im m acu la te sunshine hom e in P AR K FO REST O tte rin g 4 be d re a m s . 7 b a th s , b e a u t if u lly la n d sca p e d , e xe c u tiv e lo c a tio n . tow 4o's 
RED CARPET 
347 3111 
R E A LTO R S 
492 2762 

Hollywood Park 
R e du ce d o o o in to r q u ic k s o le ' 
Lovely 3 bedroom s, den w ith tiro p la c e , q u i* ! n e ig h b o rh o o d , lo w 
•oxes, so m uch m ore. Lew 5o's 
127-1223 
455 *33o 
o24 7334 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 

HOU Y I M PARK 
J bedroom s. 2 beths ond den nom e on ' i a c re L iv e In the c o u n try , garde n ond o il Low taxes - low p ric e to pay tor this cu tie. O nly 
$19,9oo 
I COH 34* 1414 A nytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

DOEL DORSE 

C H A R M ! 
F re s h ly d e c o ra te d 2 b e d ro o m hom e w ith lovely ya rd and g re e n house R e frig e r a to r, ra n e e in elu d e d . $17,5oo 124-2439 R E A L ­ 
TORS 
JONESfKING 

J b e d ro o m . I b a th w ith c e n tra l h e a t a u d a ir . fe n c e d y a rd a n d n a tiv e ra c k trim V ery co nve nien t ta L o c k la n d K e lly , s ch o o ls a n d sh op ping O nly $2o,15o. 4o1-3222, 
N iles, 6*o 9414 
B IL L SO U TH E R N R E A LT O R 

DONT BRING MONEY 

 droom , 7 bath hom e F o rm o l liv ­ ing room B ric k fire p la c e Sepor ole d ining room o d io c tn t to corn m g equipped k itc h e n This sum m e r's bonus is a pool and covered patio M akes e nte rtainin g a plea ve o n d s to r a g e lufl> 
$ *1,5oo 
Coll 
342 3211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A LTO R S 5o Y ears of TRUST 
JU S T L IS T E D in O E L L V IE W ' 
O v e r 19oo sa ft. (p e r c ity ta x re c o rd s ) ot co m fort in this lo vely f a m ily h o m e 
J B e d ro o m s , 3 boths. separate liv in g ond d ining room s, o v e rm e n den L ik e new w o rk s h o p in re a r On b us lin e 
$32,5oo 496 7451 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
R E A LTO R S 5o V eors of TRUST 

Kings Grant Forest 
6 2, separate study, sewing ro o m , trees, b e a u tifu l a re o. c o rn e r lot 
NE ISO , By o w n e r 
No a g e n ts 
$78,5oo 341 oo79 
*«~)6' l a m b T t h ! a H r o ct i ve 'T T T : n ic e o re a , c o n v e n ie n t lo c a tio n . 
S p rin kle r system , fence, b e o u titu t custom b u ilt kitchen separate liv 
Ina d in in g and den. u tility ro o m , im m a c u la te , e x tr a s . W e e k e n d 
Open H ouse. $48,9oo 
B y o w n e r 
4o4 79o3. S H A B ro ker. 343 9393 

SAVE SSSS 

OFF BLANCO 

INC REACTORS 
Hom e F o r Sole By o w ne r, s b T d ro o m . 7 b o th , den and d in in g 
B raun Station East 4o4-o1*o to r 

~ HORSE LOVERS 
H IL L CO UTRY V IL L A G E 
B e a u tifu l S panish R a m b le r se t am ong g ian t live oaks on 6' la c r * 
4 bedroom s, I ' 1 baths, huge den w ith stone fire p la ce F o rm a t liv m g ro o m . separate d in in g rg o m 

CHARTER OAKS 
E x c fu s iv t C h a rte r O a k s O o r- 

12oo Sa F t,. H b r ic k , fe n c e d , screened p a tio , fu ll c a rp e tin g , J yrs old, $27o-mO 4o4 4473 
& 

BY O W NER 
F orest G lenn i t ) 
# *o u s J b e d ro o m , lu x u r y h o m e 
BY O W NER. F o re st G lenn. 1 1 2.1 w j( || a b # b b y r# o m # r 
O PE N L IV IN G A R E A , fire p la c e , d e lig h tfu l k itc h e n w ith d o u b le o v e n , c u s to m d ra p e s . A L L IN 
L IK E 
N E W 
C O N D IT IO N 
341 77o1 O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 
JOHN FLOURNOY IWC 

CHHRCHIU ESTATES 
A super hom e In a super area * b ig b e d ro o m s , s e p o ro le d in in g ro o m , 3ox3o to ta lly ro o m 
The g o o d ie s o r t too n u m o re o u s to m e n tio n h e re 
C a ll fo r d e ta ils , 
P ric e d in 4o's 
349 S ill o r 14* 3S35 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A LTO R S N C e ntral Ole___ 
C H U R C H IL L E S T A T E S 
SO 
M E TH IN G N E W - S O M E T H IN G 
D I F F E R E N T - S O M E T H IN G 
S U P E R R I 
T h is i t C h u r c h ill 
E states ANO Suporb H om os Lo coted o ft B lanco Road I ' i m ilo s past C h u rc h ill High School In the 
N o rth E a s t School D is tr ic t, th e 
E states a tlo id oaks- shaded sites s e c lu d e d Iro n s tho r e a l w o r ld 
J o s s * a n d B ru c e B a k e r b u ild hom os w ith skilled c ra ftm a n s h ip . 

B rin g yo ur p ain t brush No d aw n 
T JL T Jt" paym en t to anyone J 4 b ed ro om s. 
J b a th s , som e w ith a ir a n d ap p lla n c o s 
P a y m e n ts le t s th a n rant. 
BOB D e P A O lO 
344 3o91_________ 
R E A L T O R 

 o w n e r, F o re s t O a k s , 3-8-1, J c o rn e r lot, custom fire p la c e and pot'Q 
OOO t m o415 
I 
BY O W NER 
H O L LY W O O D 
PAR K 
Custom b u ilt 3-2-2, ro d b ric k hom e , in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n on la rg e corner lot F u lly c a rp e te d , fir e pioce. co u n try kitch e n , s ittin g o r en in m a s te r b e d ro o m , m a n y ; other e xtro s $47,75o. 494 3o44 fo r 
SEE!______________________________ 
BY O wner, Jefferson M o o n a re a , i fra m e house, w ith fire p la c e . 4 2 2. i an bus Mne. 732-4739 o r 341 1849 or i S U I i l_____________ 
BY O W NER, lovoly * b e d ro om . 2 bath, p riv a c y fence, la rg e sunny k itc h e n , w a lk to e le m e n t a r y .! 
$38,5oo. Conven or assum e 6618 
S pring Bi oak 49o 1542____________ j 

•BY OWNER® 
N e a r U S A A , 3-3-2. d e n , fo r m a l ll Vine d ining roam s, b re a k fa s t a r ­ ea, cent A H., b u itt-in s , c o v e ru p p a tio . C u t O e -S a c . N e a r c lu b house, tennis c o u rt ond pool L ow equity ond ossum e 691 USO______ 

I m 
’M M W r iS S tiS f 
» • "••' ” “ *'* «•" m a n _____________ 
B Y O W N E R . N W , 3 b d r m . N o 
; Agents P le as*. $15,9oo a r assum e 
I 432-o37o 
BY O W N E R , o ff In g r a m R d ' 
: V ery nice and cle an , 4 b d rm . bath, cant h o e l-a ir, p a tio slab and tu rb o ve nts. J y rs e ld 
$13,9oo 
< * * * > » . 
BY O W N E R , R a ttin g R id g e, As sum * 7% Loan A ll b ric k 3 8 3, c o ­ v e re d p atio , ta rg e fa m ily ro o m . 
Cm Do Soc appt O nly 4o* *474 

OD I AML ANO OAKS 
„ 
_ 
4 bedroom s P lanned to r p riv a c y on a b e a u tifu l IO*' X 1 SO' lo t M ost 

 d re a m s at Stables ond c o rra ls , ca ll now 366o34o 
Grace Arnold 
R E A LTO R S MLS 
IN S P IR A T IO N H IL L S - Just L is t e d 1 This le v e lv 3 bedroom hom e 

LEE HIGHSCHOOL 
NEW LISTING 
$33,35o 
F re s h ly p a in te d I be d ra o m b ric k Good s u e d hom e 
C e n tra l h e a t. e x c e lle n t b u y in p re te rra d area 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A LTO R S M ain 
A va 
O ft 
734-2125 
-----------L f e f f t 'l N l M l f l --------------- 
C h a rm in g hi lo catio n l l , sa po r 

L a rg e J ro a m house, new roof. big tre e s, bt# lot. o nly $15,ooo 
361 4455 
RC ATO RS 
o264714 
Bartley Agency 
O ft 
B lo n c o 
Rn 
L e e N lm it j 
Schools L o v e ly 3 b edroom , den, s c re e n e d p a rc h , la rg e fe n c e d y a rd , e asy te rm s 
A ssum e $134 per m o o r refinance. W ill tro de 
BOB O ePAO LO 
344 3o91 
R E A LTO R 
DF' r iN & R A M - R O------------- 
I 3-1' i- l, S2oo dawn, SIES mo 
P O IN T E R R E A L ESTATE 
67S-I491__________________ 47* 1777 

QfE VANCE JACKSON i J b edroom . I both, v e ry neat, on a pprox I a c re P L A T T R E A L ES 
I TATE 73S-476Q. 343 3419 
OLM OS O R IV E A re a l ch a rm e r. 
: 3 b edroom , paneled den. separate d in in g ro o m . g a ra g e . V A F H A. 
I Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
S38-31o7 
R e a lto r 
648 33o7 ou t lANDYil lib I bemoat 
I ' a baths, aorage N o thin g dawn 
496 7*7o S LA TE R R L T Y 3** o93* 
P E C A N I r t E S ' I b e d ro o m nom e w ith liv in g ro o m 21x13 and fo m ily ro a m 3oxtot Close ta bus lines 
M a lls ond shopping' 
51o.ooo 
R E A LTO R S 
6*64o)1 
Guy Chipman Co 

B e fo re h o u s e Is lis te d . G re a t lo c a tio n , In T w ln c r e e k 
I be droom . 2 b ath . liv in g d ining roam , den. u t ilit y ro o m 
><B rtck 15oo p lu s Si* F t . a s s u m e $ 2 7 *-m o 
$85oo e q u ity 828 8*8* ext *41 or 
681 o7o3 
S E N t d i tS A T A E S 
C h a rm in g J 2-2, p lu s s tu d y a r s tw m a ro a m , fo rm a l liv in g and d in in g , fa m ily re a m w ith tir e p la c e , lo v e ly y a rd w ith tre e s 
P rice d v e ry re a s o n a b ly fa r this area at o nly $4*.9oo 
F O R E S T O AKS S PE C IA L 
New to m a rk e t. $37,9oo buys this b e a u tifu l 3-2-2 w ith fa m ily roam . all b u ilt m s. ca rp et, co vered patio. s to ra g e b u ild in g in b a c k 
A ls o have 3 o th e r hom es in sam e a rea 
LOW E Q U IT Y buys th is 4-3-2 In L eo n V a lle y 
C a rp e te d th r u o u t. a ll e le c tr ic kitchen, w a te r so ftn er. wen t last long a t o n ly $37,5oo 

 w e ll s e ll y o u r h o u se to r 6 -. 
1*9 1479 A N Y TIM E 
H»~. tor J Mel he - V 

? U HOUSiS SQUIWAST 

A BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
IS w ha! von ll se e Iro n s the d e n r.I this a ire h o m e 2ooo SU ll al Im m y. a lin e c u sto m b u ilt home 

BOB B IL L A H i A l E STA TE 
S I* MOB 
13) 1*68 
311 U U 

Bargain Hunters Special 
No down p a y m e n t to a nyo ne . 3 
And his big fa m ily co uld fit in to ond 6 b ed ro om s. 2 b a th s , som e I th is ro o m y , 5 b e d ro o m . 3 b a th I I huge fir e olo r e. on oak s tud d ed two ac res 
Coll 349 14)4 A nytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC. R E A LT O R S 
’T m u n d e ’r b i r d ' h i 11 s 

THE JOLLY GREEN GIANT 

 w ith a ir a n d a p p lia n c e s , f ir s t paym ent in M ay 
BOB O ePAO LO 
512 533) 
R E A LT O R 
I 
4714 B E L IN D A L E E 
I Lovely lo see ond m u ch b etter to 
I own This J b e d ro o m h om e has lu s t been re d u c e d to $22,86o 
_ 
W all to w a ll c a rp e tin g , p a n e lin g . 
B e a u tifu l c o rn e r. *-2-3, c e n tra l ond much. m uch m o re E venings h ta i-a ir. lorge co ve re d p atio 71oo ca ll Ray. *5$ 9*5* ft of liv in g fo r $42,5o6 
B E T T Y 
CLARK R E A LTO R 342 4147 

TIMBERLINE PARK 
A vailable in July B ric k 3-7 2 w ith den or oHice ond la rg e k itc h e n , fa m ily ro o m w ith fir e p la c e 
J a c re s w ith h o r s e f a c i lit ie s 
$53,ooo. See it n o w ! C o il J im 
H om ey b ro k e r. S A d ia l d ire c t 
497 3421. A nytim e 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
*97 3*21 R E A LTO R S 16416 7443 
T IN K L IN G C R Y S T A L C R E E K m eandering throu g h 17 acre s and past th * back d o o r a t th is J be droom . 7 both c o u n try hom e O nly 
J m inutes fro m Loop 416 *11-6*46 
C e n t u r y 21 
BED CARPET 
W HI TE N E A D H O L L ID A Y 
~ r f 6 w 

PO 4o7*1 SEE i 6 BC M I T i 

With s p lit bedroom js to m 2 h u m * ro o m s T a rW te d ' fa m ily ro o m w ith e l* tly , . ig d ie ie > ro e rn . c g a tra t fire p la c e , co ve re d p a tio and i f s | 
.IS . a re a s , d in in g ro o m 
$44,5o6 
R E A LTO R ie . ISM. oM b n c “ 
***•• 
4* l l JOO A N Y T IM E 
C all 342 3211 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

 t L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
B e a u tifu l « b ed ro om hom e w ith c irc u la r sta irca se S eparate d in mg. 7 baths, and a pow der ro o m 
L a r g e d e n , m o n y o a k tr e e s 
341 7261. n ites 343 617* A sk to r 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F F 
JOHN F L O W INC 

EXECUTIVE DELICHT! 
A re a lly tine hom e at $46,*$o H a * fire p la c o , w e t b a r. fu lly d ro e e d a n d c a rp e te d P riv a c y fe n c e d 
N e w en t h * m a r k e t 
N ite s . 
7466126 
34* 6 3*J or J** 3331 A n y tim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A LTO R S B io n t# Rd Qfc 
F IR S T T IM E ON THE M A R K E T 
J b e d ro o m , 2 b ath , liv in g ro o m fa m ily ro o m a rea w ith c a th e d ra l c a llin g , double fie p ia c * Spacious 
P e r fe c t c o n d itio n 
C h a r m in g i i m n o n i u o i i i m r 
M 
^ t u m 
6i * i » * . 636 7 i t * n U M J W K K L I N t 
M a rs a la Hill. Realtors 
1 R E C T O R S » Y t# r , pf TR U ST < ------------------------------=>---------------------- 

C M FURR CO 
S pe ctalliin g N o rth s ld * 733 7 l« t 

ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S so Y ears of TRUST 
I m o 

 v o m e n c e s a n d fa m ily o rie n te d designs. P ric e d fro m $75,666 I * 
$96 666 
343-3111 A N Y T IM E 
O F F E R E D E X C L U S IV E L Y E Y 

E s ta te s , 1*18 Sa F t lu x u r io u s - •)#**#, la rg e liv in g d in in g , fa m ily m aster suite, fo rm a t liv in g d in in g ro o m s , la r g e d e n , c a th e d r a l 

C O L O N IE S N O E T H , S u m m it l l ' i i . I s to ry , ig a c te u * fa m ily 

 plus gam e roam wilts w et b a r. te a a r y i ceiling, U F I b a r U n iq ue k itc h e n 
M u c h s to r a g e 
L o v e ly y a r d te n te d , g a rd e n , c o v e re d p a tio im m acu la te, net Jyr». eld SM,966 
_ N j_ 6 j» n {s J | 

EY O W NER 

[ t d r rn. I M H l 
C O IK i i u h e o t 
VV"» uke 9 . yr #m l». t / U U * 

SHAVANO PARK 
J acres. J 1-1. b k* n ow inside and m v n 
___________________ 
By ow ner. Shenan d o a h. J I , tw o 
Ii*m e areas 
6 s tu d y , a rty fence, g a ti* M are Law S id 's 6*g-92#4 

 le on d ry ro a m . tool ro o m in g a r a a *, fe n c e d in y a rd w ith m a n y 
>ry*» y * e t w K i s ii! r a t . 
COLONIES NORTH 
A lt b ric k 4 b e d ro o m w ith g * * o y a rd a n d la rg e c o v e re d p a t i* 
Walk to m a ll and co m m u n ity poo l 
$61,666 
*8 8-1 o oo A n y tim e 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
M rs Clean live s in this im m a c u ­ late J bedroom 2 bath h e m * w ith a c o u rty a rd e n try L itte n ta the b ird s sing bv Hie garden M id 38'S 

“ e n T u R f 31 k in n e jd y r H eo.ly 
F O R E S T O AK S I F T V A lo o n , fire p la ce , low equity *64 37*3 
FO R E ST OAKS. AM b ric k . 4 2 2. gen w ith fire p la c e , p lu s fo rm a l areas. M I 566 7641 Fat est M ont 
M 4 3793 
______________ 
F O R E IT OAKS 
Ideal h a m * tar young exec u tiv * ar d od ge , spacious J b a i m s. 7 baths liv in g , d ining , den 614 111* 

INTEREST M H S ARE 
GRING RPI IH S ID RVcHI 
L u m b e r, lo be r. etc bein g up le t 
Buy n ew ! 9 m odels open d a ily I 
$79,5o6 ta $115.6661 T ra d e y o u r h o m e ta r t h * d o w n p a y m e n t) 
1-4-3- O e d ro a m t. b a th s ' O ut 
V ance Jackson, I m il* tre e 4)6 and C allaghan in Oak V a lle y and 
Oak Creek HW 
MIDI KINDER BIRR 
69G833D 
IT WAS A M ANSIO N 
IN G R A N D M O TH E R S D A Y and situ Is l '* a cre lot. 2*6o sq It in 
I s to r y b r ic k h e m e , s e p a ra te a p a rtm e n t to r teen, s w im m in g pool C oll fo r details and to r a ll the extra s 
B e ry l W emand 344 7341. 34 3 44$* 
ROE JO NES. R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

 s i* . $66! S H A V A N d P O T I th is s ix m o n th s e ld b e a u ty h a s the y a rd in and the drapes up 4 i e droom , J bath. I large liv in g a re o wins vaulted ceiling and fire p la c e pius deliahM ul enclosed p e rth *» 
A c re O w n e r t r a n s f e r r e d Im m ediate occupancy 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S 56 Y ears el TRUST 

JEFE AREA 

R E A LTO R S T u rtle C reak Ole 

P re tty b ric k C olonial 
S e p a ra te h ying ream w ith fire p la ce , d in in g re a m 
L a rg e fa m ily ro o m w ith s e c o n d f ir e p la c e . 
J I 
I t I 
733 6964. 636 1*41 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
■ I A H o r i i M t f i l a m 

 sole l l * 3233. t i t 964*. 632 3*73. 
I B I *1o3. 836 7114 
Mane Sale Hill, Realtors i r 6 »i V A L L E Y itfk A i-o M rS ck, 
12 2. h re p io c *. S35o down 
$2*9 

J A J R E A L T Y *7* 6663 A n y tim e j 
L E T S M A K E A D E A L 
On O u r U n iv e rs ity O aks. J J 3 
F u ll c a rp e t and fire p la c e Sem i fo r m a l liv in g ro o m s e p a ra te d tra m v a u lte d den by m a s o n ry arches Lochbuie E iem and new 
NS High Sc heel I b locks 694 17 32 
L IK E ASPARAGUS? For $4o,756 you ccm have yo ur own o spa ro gn s p u ifh . also. w ith an o il B R IC K 3 b edroom 
3 bath. double g a ra g e home M a turing a F IR E P L A C E D fa m ily room 
N to r M ed C enter 
*61 64*6 
RED CARPET 
L o s i n g T i I "ii* o r 'Jo hn M a , s h a ll C a rp e tin g , fire p la c e , p an c lin g , c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , p a tig in fenced y a rd 673 2153 
RED CARPET 
_________RE A LTO R S 

LOW E Q U IT Y 
A pprox $5»og lo assum e 7 *e s VA loan of $137 m e F o rm e r m o d el h em * 3 bedroom s. I baths F u lly draped and carpeted $39,566 
R E A LTO R 
491 1366 
Century 21 

E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC 
L U X U lV 4 A l b t OOM. i ' - b oth spacious liv in g roam , fo rm a l dm 
•na. fa m ily roam w ith fire p la c e . 
, O ' e le ctric kitchen w ith b a r Huge 
•a m e re a m en lo w e r le v e l O ak trees Call 83* O II) A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A LTO R S 58 Y egry et TRUST 

MISSION TRACE 
Love ly g olden hem e, c o rn e r tat. 3 la rg e b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s . I c a r g a ra g e , fire p la c e , w e th e r, a ttic storage, other nice te a tu ih * . b v o w ner. $55 o66 *96 156] 

SENECA ESTATES 
L a rg e f a m ily ro o m , fe a tu r in g fire p la ce and v a u lte d ce ilin g s * k m g s ile d b e d ro o m s . 2 c o m p o rt mented baths g re a t hom e for th * g ro w in g fa m ily 
494 7711, nites. 
8369354 
DON JO HNSO N. R E A LTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

SHAVANO PARK 
2 A cres w ith ISO ooh trees, horse stolls. o nd o b e a u tifu l rock hem e 
Lorge Cornily ro o m w ith fire p la c e 
E n te rta in on the o ver s u ed patio 
Call now 
Century 21 
Schneider R e alty 
484 7286 
S H E N A N D O A H 
P R IC E D R E D U C E D on this * 2 3! 
Separate liv in g , huge fa m ily roam w ith fire p la c e , d ra pe d, reC rigera to r 
P r iv a c y fe n c e d y a rd w ith covered patio 
V A C A N T 
Now 
546.566 
68o EEO! 
GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 
S h e n a n d o a h /p y o w n e r, J i - l . p riv a c y fenced, d ishw ash e r, dou h ie o v e n . b e a m e d c a th e d r a l ce ilin g, p a n try c a rp e tin g , 12X13 per m o n go l shed 6*6 3956 

SOMETHING UNUSUAL 
We h a v e J b e a u tifu l s p lit le v e l homes, both in th * m id 46 s Select a J b e d ro o m plus hobby room or osk ta see the 4 bedr oom w ith an over s u e d tot 
Century 21 
$ ch n* Ide r R e a lty 
464 72o6 

Spacious and g ra c io u s . S hearer 
Hilts, w a lk to Lee and N im iti 3457 sa It, J bed ro om s. 3' t baths, plus 
26x36 fin ishe d aor rn F o rm a t din 
. . 
. . 
. m g ro o m , e n tra n c e b a ll, t$ x l9 d in in g r a a m iiC h e e rfu l g o u rm e t j a(n , on i , ac re tre e lined tat 
As kitcn e n b re a k fa s t a re a av ar look s ' stone p atio and g ard e n 

IO ACRES W ITH L A K E overtook m g e n tire c ity . L a rg e w ell m om tam ed older nom e, pool, kennels, ond out b u ildin g s N E schools 
CALL 484 S287 
Armstrong Co 
R E A LTO R S 
MLS 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
T h is lo v e ly c u s to m b u ilt I be d ro om hom e In exclusive C astle. 
„ 
____ 
H ilt* T e rra c e . F o r m a l liv in g 
R e a lto r room , separate dm m g room , den 
6SS-1S84 
N ile s w ith tlreptace, plus targe b illia rd 
~-i y .-rn a ii- 1 ream 
Sag 
H ut ane t*7,6#4 s m e n s n 
3464344 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R ! A M I 
I 

Q uiet, C o u n try L iv in g in a 81541 
Sa F t . b ric k bem e. I ' a y r eld 8 tre e co ve re d let E x tra s b u ilt in energy sayers, sunken liv in g area w itn huge c irc u la r fire p la c e ond p r e fe r r e d N S IS D 
M u s t s e ll 
$37,5o6 473 *429.679 71*9 

I k F it SS 6N o N ew s 

•TREES* 
Shade Bock y a rd of th is 3 2 3. F o r 
Sale BY O W NER, in Leon V a lle y. 
P n v fence, n ew c a rp e t, p a in t, w allpaper $34,2oo 7o1$ S u n lig h t, 
(at E vers) *8 * 288o e ven in gs___ 
TR U LY A H O M E O F O IS T IN C 
T IO N, h ills id e s e c lu s io n , c o u r. ty a rd e n try , e le g a n t s tr u c tu r a l fea tures you m u s t see. 3 2 den. b rick, low 56's o n c e . o w n e r teav mg S264S67 
REQUA REALTY CO 

U N IV E R S IT Y O A K S 
T T T 

Century 21 
Q 6 L A N E Y R E A L T Y 4 3' o539 
B Y O W NER. Don I Poss This One 
Up, Inside custom re bunt. Open 
House D oily 4 to I . Sat Sim l l to 
4 J bedroom . 2 b oth . See to Ap p re da te 
4o3 W ord. B o rg o m at 
* 2) 6oo 
By ow ne r, E a s tw o o d V illa g e . ) bedroom , t both, n e w ly d eco ra t ed, $17 ooo 7U Leonidas 922 * U I 
BY O W NER. I lo rg e b ed ro om s. large liv in g room , k itc h e n , wash room. fenced vo rd . tu b fu l inside. 
' lu s t re d e c o ra te d , w a ll to w a lt c o rp e t and w on to w a ll m ir r o r 
M ust sell 227 2771____________ __ 

B y O w n e r. N e a r M c C r e ie s s . 
I I CP. fre s h ly p o in te d , 2 F r i t d n c h o ir c o n d itio n e rs . 371$ S 
P in e $15,ooo C o ll 4 *4 $1*9 o r 
: $3* 4541 tor oggt 
O E L L C R E S T o il b r ic k , c o rn e r lo t. 3 2 2. liv in g ro o m , d in in g j room, fa m ily ro o m , b re a k fa s t or to 
LE O N A R D . R E A LT O R S 
331 64*o 
4*1 3332 
EAST C E N T R A L 
J b e d ro o m s , new co rp et and w ill re p a in t, la rg e tree, vacont VA F H A Coll Olga 
ERA s n n o ; 
ETTEL" 

JACK MITCHELL 
R p a l t o r 
471 o )o 8 f a m ily ro o m 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

(O V E R $166,o66) 

N E W L IS T IN O -o ie g a n t 3 s to ry ro c k c o n te m p o ra ry on * . tre e d o c re s 
4 s p a c io u s b e d ro o m s , g o m e ro o m . liv in g a n d d in in g roam s w ith fa n ta s tic views, pour m et kitch e n w ith Jenn A ire center a is le , w e e d d e c k o v e r lo o k in g m a g nifice n t peat 

S E C LU D E D CUSTO M C O N TE M 
P O R A R Y in M g r y m g n t a re a 
D e c k s a n d p a tio s s u rro u n d g o rg e o u s tre e fo r m p o o l Mer sa ble and u niq u e p la n in clu de s exercise roam . loft, ond c h ild re n s p la y ro o m 
B ro c h u re a v a ila b le upon request 

I C O L O N IA L E L E G A N C E 
$ or 4 b e d ro o m s p lu s q u a r t e r s 
B ig c o u n try k itc h e n , g ra c io u s liv in g o n d b a n q u e t s ite d in in g room 
Beam ed ca th e dral fe llin g in den 
N ew e v e r s u e d goa l 
E x c lu s iv e 
C ash* H ills E states 

CUSTO M SPANISH Close to Med 
C a n ta r a n d U TS A 
$ b e d ro o m s plus study, ta r t# pool and sauna, lo v e ly c o v e re d e a tia . sun deck ond ro ck patio on 2 tre e studded tats 

! 2 ACRES W ITH G O LF COURSE 
' V IE W i b e d ro o m s . 3 'i b a th s 
O utside deck att liv in g and form a l 

 su m * SJH p er m e a r re fin a n c e 
W ill tra d e on sm a lle r hom e 
•O B O eP A O LO 
5*4 36*1 
BE AL TOR 

Suacious 2 Story w ith c a th e d r a l c e ilin g ? I b e ­ d ro o m s , } ' i b a th s , b a lc o n y a tt m a s te r b e d ro o m , la rg e fa m ily roam , s e p a ra te liv in g ro o m w ith fire p la ce , m any e x tra s M in i cen dition g ro a t buy ta r $*),»•# 
Reese Henry 

 o n m i 

L arge , lo vely J bedroom s, 2 baths in C O LO N IE S N O R TH G orgeous covered polio, c a i nor h i enface 
S47 L M 
R E A LT O R 
4*1 1*6o 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 4 ASSOC 

 d ro o m , 2 b a th h o m e w ith fabulous fire p la c e in the fo m ily re a m ! S e p a ra te d in in g ro o m 
G reat, covered p a tio w ith S altillo b let Trees g a lo re ' 
1*3.966 
R E A LT O R S 
4*4 481! 
Guy Chipman Co 

WA N f i'6 '~ O B E E 'N T -H U M B 
J bedouins. 2 b o th b r ic k h o m e 
( with lots of e x tro s goes w ith this greenhouse 
V e ry 
O esirobie neighborhood 
4*4 3448. A N Y T IM E 
GALE REAL ESTATE 

Mf. CRAIG ? BDRM to w On, ow ner c a rry , nice y a rd 
■ 71o445 
736 17*4 
734 *199 i 
WATSON A SON REA C TO R S 
WE OO IT ALL 
Find you a lot. b u ild yo u r d re a m house, eel oil fin a n c in g , and sell your present h om e 
349 147* 
A N Y TIM E 
Hector J H erbeck Inc . R e alto rs 
W HEN S TH E BEST 
TIM E TO S E L L 7 
A nytim e is the rig h t tim e if veg to n get the p ric e yo ur house de s e rve s' We a lw a y s howe house hungry people on o u r lis t, o fte n m ore prospects tha n houses L is t with US tor A C TIO N COM 4)3 *441 
KELLEY REALTY 
W H ISPER IN G O A K S ! I v ow ner. , bea utifu lly c a rp e te d . 4 7, fo rm a l living, separate ra is e d d in in g , den w ith bre plO ke . gam e room h as built ms. m any la rg e oaks E xce l lent cond 
169o* W h isp er R idge. 
I o68-1127. 
| t f tH li^ E R I N U O A K S 
C u s to m contem p 3 3 3 
U n iq u e , s u n k e n conversation p it, 3 p o lio s P rm c i pies Only $7],$oo 4*7 *471 
W H IS R iR IN G O A K S ' F ir s t 6 f fe rin e e l th is s tu n n in g G a rd e n 
H om e 
3 (o r J ) b e d ro o m s , 3 decorator boths G o u rm e t kitch e n w ith b re a kfa st area 
A m e n t the mony extras a re in te rc o m , sp rm 
Vier svs'vm b u rg la r b a rs A -em beouty tor 
$57.5*o 
824 O H I 
A N Y TIM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
B EAL TORS 56 Y e a rs ot T R U !? 
W I,sperm s O aks 
' f t Level I S T 
3966 sa It (e rg * tat- m a n y tre e s 
$87 o66 Bv aw ner 4*2 2171 

L o r e 
24x14. o lio J bed ro om s. 2 baths, a ttra c tiv e in te r io r G ood tra ffic plan Eastwood V illa g e $23.*6o 
S.J. DAVIS. R E A L TO R 
M L I 
217*34) 
H A N D Y M A N S D R E A M This 4 ] with double k itc h e n is p e rfe c t fo r the w eekend ca rpenter to g iv e vent to his a b ility A little fix in g up w ill moke ii c o m fo rta b le 
4*4 3221 
I (A N Y T IM E ) 
BED CARPET 

IO* H onstord. buy th is I b e tim e .•• and den. only $14,3o6 V A . nothing dawn and receive $756 cash bonus team seller Bab K a d u ra . R ealtor. 
$12 o96) 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S ille s t tim e otte re d B ric k 3 2 c a rp o rt, b u ilt m s . h e o t o ir , c o v e r e d p a tio . 
SJI $(H) Coll 
333 4144 
N ile s J I ! 4143 
Century 21 
SOUTH EAST RE A l TOPS 

HIGHLAND HILLS” 
Y o u r own h ills id e w a itin g to be te rra c e d in sid e y o u r ow n huge fenced b a c k y a rd 
3 b e d ro o m s 2 full baths, near shopping a re a ond bus Open Term s F o r d e ta ils ond viewing, to ll J42 4 I!S A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

Hills 
B a rg a in 
C lY on I b e d ro o m h o m e , c o s y te rm s , a b o u t St52 m o , in c lu d e s taxes, etc Coli 
77* 625 ) 
34 2 9)11 
344 9434 
J A Bess 
R eal E state 

A n a to x 
2 I a c re s , 5 t ' i 3. tre es lots et space te r Iterses $59,966 
464 47471 lo lle r . B e a lle r4 |! 14*2 

ON 4 W A N I 
IMI Nu M et I ll 

H IG H L A N D H I L L i 
L o v e ly J b e d ro o m in e x c e lle n t condition, only 
$14,716 
C all 
V irg in ia 
H IG H L A N D P A R K 
Spacious 3 2 I w ith tor m o i dining 
P riced jn m id 26 s 
Cal) Louise 
NOW! 
C O LLE G E HOTS 
IOO** ro c k I b e d ro o m w ith huge fa m ily ream and d ou ble g arag e 
Can B a rb a ra 
532 3312 
N ite s 33) 6283 
Century 21 
WAH EF IE LO R E A L T O R S 

HIGHLAND HILLS BRICK 
- J b e d ro o m , la r g e liv in g o ro a , n o s # ta e le m e n t a r y sc b a p ! 
136 566 R o b e rta W h ile 532 7163, nites 333-6763 
BOB JO NES. R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

173o7o59 

P a g e 1 4 - M 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 
214 • R88SES SOUTHEAST 216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 - SttBOWWI 

DELLCREST 

B e a u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , I'/» b a th , c a rp e te d th ro u g h o u t, h e a t a n d air 
D o u b le de ta ch ed ca rp o rt, tre e sh a d e d lot. 
Term s. 
CUSTOM BUILT 
B rick, 3 la rg e b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, sp a c io u s sin g le liv in g a r e a H e a t a n d air, 2 cor g a ra g e . 1 o o * 3 6 1 ft. sh a d e d 

 lot. Term s. 
HIGHLAND PARK 
N E W LISTING 
C a rp e te d liv in g a re a w ith fire p la ce . S p a c io u s co u n try style kitch e n w ith m an y b u iltin * , 3 la rg e b e d ro o m s, h e a t 

 a n d air. B e a u tifu l sh o d e d y a rd . 2 ca r d e ta c h e d g a ra g e . 
ARTESIA PARK 
P rice d a t o n ly $ 1 5 ,o o o . 3 b e d ro o m s, la rg e liv in g a re a . 
P a n e le d h e a t A tta ch e d ca rp o rt, fe n ce d yard. Very n e a t a n d clean . 
NEAR HIGHLANDS HIGH lo v e ly hom e In e xce lle n t n e ig h b o rh o o d , 3 b e d ro o m s, ? ba th , fo rm a l on d in fo rm a l d in in g a re a . S p a c io u s fa m ily room . C e n tra l h ea t a n d air 
2 ca r g a ra g e . C a ll fo r de ta ils. 

532-5245 nites, 927-7293 
BEANIE OWENS CO. 
Realtors - MLS 
S . l a s t O f c . 

RAINBOW HILLS 
Aeon 3 bedroom home with two hiring oteos, lots of carpet, central air heat, gas fireplace, aluminum siding plus mony other special features 
IMMACULATE 
3 bedroom. 2 bath home in Mea daw tillage ll. Centro) heat air and all appliances 
Reasonable equity ond assume low monthly payments 
LOW EQUITY lovely 3 bedroom home with carpeting, range, refrig and fen tea yoni located in on mea with easy access to bases, expressway ana schools low monthly payments. foil DETAILS AND VOWING 
CAU 673-S O U ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
T 226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
228 - RfSORT PROPERTIES 
23o LOTS m ♦ FIRMS m il RANCHES 

FOR SALE 
BY 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

Tw o (2) o cre s. 
S am 
M c C u llo u g h 
S u rve y N O . 
5 4 
3 ugh i i 
4 2 9 9 , 
B e xa r C o u n ty , a cre s. 
A b stra ct 4 7 2 , C o u n ty B lock 
Texas (Ed w ard s R o o d • F .M 21 7 3 ) 

A b o v e p ro p e rty to b e so ld for ca sh a t do or o f B e x a r 
C ou n ty C o u rt H o u se , A p ril 5 , 
1 9 7 7 , b e tw ee n the hours o f 1 o :o o a m. a n d 4 :o o p m. 
For further information call: 
Small Business Adm inistration 
229-6294 

SMAII ACREAGE 

7 pie ce s o f p ro p e rty ra n g ­ in g from 4 .6 2 4 to 5 2 .6 9 6 o cre s o v e rlo o k in g M E D IN A 
RIVER B A S IN . 
A p le a sa n t 

 h ou rs' driv e from S an A n ­ to n io . 
O w n e r fin a n cin g 

 a v a ila b le . 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTO RS 
349-1121 

S U T H E R L A N D 
S P R I N G S . J large b e d ro om s, I both, targe kit- j ch e n , liv in g re a m o n d c lo s e ts . I 
E x tra la rg e g a ra g e ; w ith J o c re s j lan d . C ity w a te r, on p a v e m e n t, t 
$13.5oo S)2-947 3443-_______________ : 
T A K E O V E R 4o A C R E S 
I 
A S S U M P T IO N T Y P E S A L E 
N e a r E t P a s o . N o D ow n P a y ’t 
( P re gov J p a y ’Is of VPV each. T o ke i o v e r t,M 71 B a la n c e D u e . In v p ric e $19,ooo. A s tm o tic s A rth ra tics N o tice : S u n sh in e . N o P o lio hon. P e rfe c t D ry C lim a te . G ood 
W oter In clu des W oter Rts. H unt 
F is h . G olf. L o w e s t T a x e s A b so lute M on ey B a c k G u a ra n ty . Title 
G u a ra n te e d . T r a ile r s , Y e s. Op po rtu n ity of a L ife tim e N ow C a ll 
M a c C o lle ct 4o2-947-9o11 

ADOPT iH ii 4V4 year old and it w ill 
Riva you nolWng but bop pist* l ilt ra*t ®4 your day*. Beautiful 
3 bedroom, 2 both home with many charms thot w ill m oke you wont to call it "H O M I” . 
M ay be b itum ed or refinance. 
Caff now for this baby's case history. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
673-o151 

 aorae o< dinmfl assume- 

PERSONALITY PLUS! 
This 3 -2 -2 Is new on the m arket so toke a look! 
Cathedral ceiling, large den with fireplace and florgeous new carpet fa n living, fau lty t 
Nit** 826- 7668 

MINT CONDITION im m aculate and spacious describes this 4 -2-2 beauty in Lakeside, lo w equity and assume 
$324 monthly payments. 
This won’t last long Mites 655-4781. 

DAY OB NIGHT 
655-6848 

I I H l f I I M I su u l h w p s i 

 r e i i l o j 
H i 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

 f M O N E Y - W l S E ? A 
Th#n you w on't want to miss this buy! 3 bedroom, I bath, garage, energy saving storm window s and turbo-vents, range, gas dryer, washer, dishwasher, refrigerator, carpeting, fenced yon i with covered patio. Cod now for 
. low payments and equity 

BOB MCGINNIS 

R E A C T O R S 
^673-o151 

Y O U N G P E O P L E S D E L IG H T 
Carpeted den big enough for pool table, ca th e d ra l c e llin g in liv in g room , J bedroom s, stove ond re trig e ra to r Pa ym e n ts low e r than rent V A no down. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 MOI 

218 HOUSES MOVED 

Mouse (C e d a r S hake Roo*) N ew paint, in sid e needs som e w o rk. 
W as sa,OOO but M u st S a crifice tor 
$4,ooo 621 SOSO 
To m ove or w reck tor if s lovely o ld b o a rd s f a ir ly la r g e J be droom house built 1913 n os been m oved, leveled , an d set on con cre te b lo c k s , lo o ks te rrib le , no paint, no window s left, b u l in side paneling is b e au tifu l! S77So C o ll 
1-393-4636 even ings 
__ __ 
V ery nice 3 bdrm , 7 borh lot sale 
J lo be m oved 337 4449 

ARTESIA PARK 

You can have o park for a 

 backyard with this 3 bedroom, 2 both, on conditioned home 
$27,ooo Niles A tt 4332. 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 341-9191 
691-1121 

H I G H L A N D P A R K . 2 b e d ro o m s F e i.c lo s e d s u n ro o m , c e n t r a l hcat-oir, covd patio $25,ooo C a ll now 
IN T E R S T A T E g it o755 HI 8 pm 

HIGHLAND PARK 
Toke your ch oice 4 bedro om s ond 
I b a th s o r 3 b e d ro o m o n d a ll paneled hom e W alk to H ig hla n ds 
H i R ob erta W hite 533 7143. dites 
333 8763 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

B Y O W N E R . 3 bedroom . I bath. 
• o ily c a rp e te d , c e n t o lr- h e o t, corner lot. 14o3 C a b a lle ro , Corte 
Del Sol Sub -D ivision $1Soo-equitv an d a s s u m e S IS ] m o. o r r e f in ­ ance 937 4273 att 4 p m ___________ 
I i i I, C e n tra l a ir h e a t, S »SGO equity $157 m o 927-4S34 
C l o s e t o f e d m a r t 
3-1-1, ce n tra l heat, nothing down, paym ent $19o. A nyone can buy! 
474-4124________ R A E R e al Estate 
C o n v e n ie n t lo K e lly a n d L a c k - land, no down paym en t to anyone, 
3 bedroom s. 2 boths, h eal a ir, ap- pliances, paym ents less than rent 
B O B D e P A O L O 
5315151 
R E A L T O R 
C O N V E N IE N T TO L A C K L A N D I bedroom low n h om e, c e n tra l a ir ond heot. and a p p lia n c e s O n ly 
$87o e q u ity o n d la k e o v e r paym ents of $149. 474-J411 
RED CARPET 

224 -BUSO. M IHM BMI 

H o tM T T or™ S aT e!T 9o dT T olv3 T !^ f - bdrm , bath, kitchen, new roo l ; 
333-7291 

EGENCY HOMES. 

P R E S E N T S ! 
THE ENERGY SAVERS’ 

FAIR OAKS COUNTRY 
ESTATE 
5 bedroom, 3i6 bath, located on 
8.o9 acres $129,3oo 

RANCH STYLE 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, ham, located on S.25 OC re SV9.Soo Out HUO. leon Springs Exit, right on Ralph 
Iou Drive, Kendall County 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
■A C a lifo rn ia E n sig n 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, $49, SOO 
A Rustic C o u n try D esig n 
3 bedroom, 2 both, SS4.SOO 

A C o lo n ia ! D e sig n 
4 bedroom, 
2Vz bath, 
$44,5oo 
ALL homes designed with energy sovmg systems, garden win dows. prepared kitchens, fireplaces, professionally decorated landscaping by 
Mother Nature and MORI 
Out San Pedro go IO nu post 
14o4, him nght on fM 1843. go approx. Vh milos lo Smithson 
Volley Rood, turn left, ond then follow the signs 
OPEN 
SUNDAYS 
I S 
Call Anytime 
341-7o57 
LACKEY 
ASSO C. 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 

ON THE GUADALUPE 

ARE HARD TO FIND 

W e have several, e ach w ith 

 a high area for b u ild in g a n d 

 eoch w ith a gentle slo p e tc 

 riv er 
From $ 1 4 ,o o o . 8 % , 

I 2 year financing a v a ila b le . 

H ig h ly restricted. 
C a ll for 

A p p ointm en t to see! 
HBC REAL 
ESTATE 

7 3 3 - 1 3 o 9 

GONZALES COUNTY 

U S Acres 
Highway frontage 2 tanks, lots of creek. Owner finan­ ced 

45 Acres • Post Ook Country 
Highway frontage Good finan- ting 
HOLMES REALTY 
D r a w e r 2 o 
Gonzales, Texas 28429 

512/672-411$ 
672 2644 
672 3523 

T ake up p a y m en ts on % a c re N W to r h om e b u ild in g 
W o te r. c ity u tilitie s M r. F e lle r, 479 7279 j T E X V E T h a s p a c k a g e . W a n ts 
H ill C o u n try a c re a g e w ith oa k s. 
W eekdays att Sam. w eekends an ytim e 659-9849. 

R E S O R T . . . 

1,5oo' excellent waterfront, TO boat docks, 7 cobias, 2S trotter spaces, 3o travel trotter spaces, two story four bedroom residence, city utilities 

GREAT 
FISHING in big lake 
(urbanan goes with this year old brick 3 SR nome with modem ku­ chen ond polio $45,ooo 
WESTERN REALTY 
C a t+ sw rin e E v e r e t t , 
R e a lto r 

S t a r R o u te r, B o x 5 
B u r n e t , T e x a s 7 8 6 1 1 
( 5 1 2 ) 7 5 6 - 2 3 2 7 

2 to 4 a c r e s n o r t h . M o b ile s , h o r s e s , o k . $$o d o w n . $3$ t i m onthly IO ye a rs. M a gee 342-2514 
26 TO 39 A C R E S 291 N 
S u rrou n d y o u rse lf w ith the beouty an d the p e a c e fu ln e s s of the h ill co u n try on a n y one of these six scen ic h ill co u n try tro cts P ric e s fro m $16oo p e r o cre . F in a n cin g , re strictio n s. IS m in from Son An 
• o n to . 
F L Y I N G 
R 
A L T Y 
I 438 7429, e ve n in g s 1 899 2793 

/fit 

BULVERDE ROAD 
A pprox 34 acres with 8oo ft fro n ­ ta g e on C ib o lo C re e k . 8 a c r e s c o v e re d w ith fr e e s . 26 o c r e s cultivated, fenced, e xce lle n t h u n t­ ing, IS m inutes fro m N o rth S ta r 
M a ll, O w n er c a rrv w ith 15% to 
29°. dow n a l I N to 2o y e a r s . 
A s k in g $2ooo on o cre . 341 73o1, m les 497 2947 or 341 8294. R E A L 
TO RS. 
Ask for 
JO H N 
F L O U R N O Y 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

SPRING SPECIAL 

Country living Boerne area 
2 deluxe homes you better se*! 
Reduced to builders cost for im mediate cole ond poi lesion 

$59,9oo reduced to $49,9oo. 

$79,5oo reduced to $49,9oo. 

Cool living in ook studded setting, next to Boerne* new lake. 

C a ll c o lle c t 
1-249-2382, 249-2764 

I TO 5 AGRE TRACTS 
J N W S A n ea r FM-471 ond 16o4. 
W e ll r e s t r ic te d , c e n tr a l w a te r, p a v ed s tre e ts, p ric e s v e ry com p e t lt iv e . G o o d te r m s . L A K E 
C R O F T R E A L E S T A T E , 342 1661 

B Y O W NCW, if A cres, co m p letely fe n c e d , deep w e ll, 3 b e d ro o m 
M o b ile hom e with 14x24 F lo rid a 
Room , Storage bldg , b a rn , h ay shed on County Rd. 1-S3S-4161 

226-SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

COUNTRY 

J Houses ond sm a ll store. $8Soi or bes! otter 
143 Sidney and C la rk 
Ave P E * 2177___________________ 
IN G R E E N W A Y OH IH 37 near 
B rooks and M cC re le s s Shopping 
3 11 $1ooo w ill h an dle 633 28o1 or Pleasan to n I-$49 3382 w k IN G R E E N W A Y . . . 
3 b e dro m s. 2 baths, c e n tra l a ir ­ heat. lik e new $27,97$ N oth in g down lo anyonet 
92) 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

JUST LISTED 
Cute 2 b e d ro om in Eastw ood V il lo g e C o m p le te ly re d e c o ra te d 
$1$ $oo O pen te rm s 
484-6464 
Mites $34 4o98 

TERRELL REALTY 
R E A L T O R S 
M L S 

LAKESIDE S218 p ym t on m eticu lou s J-l-2 a ir. one liv in g a rco- I tub baths, carpet, all a p e r s , d r a p e s , fe n c e d 
S m a ll eoulty B a l ap p rox $24,35o 
828 454$ 
P rio k o s R lty 
654-o*75 
N E A R L Y T l E I ocre, ch a rm in g c o u n try h o m e , J k in g s iz e d be broom s, den 7 baths, w ill trade 
For d e ta ils (JHI O lga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
S JT 31o7 
R e d it o r 
673 o1o8 
N ear M cC reless^ sell or trade.*) b e d ro o m . 2 b a th . c e n tra l h ea l. fu lly ca rp e te d , c o rn e r lot. O n ly iii,tit 
B ob 
K ad u ra. 
R ealtor 
$33 o981 
N e a r R ig s b y H o q u a lify in g , os s u m o a n d m o v e in to t h is a b sou lote c h a rm in g I b e dro om . 2 fu ll baths, den, c e n tra l h e a l a ir, patio, fenced 
COH O lga 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532 31o7 
R e a lt o r 
473 o1o8 
N ice 3 B edroom House on la r g e 
Let, 913-78S8 
O F F R IG S B Y N ice I bedroom . 2 b a th , c o n t r o l h e a l a ir . d o u b le ga rag e M on thly p a y m en ts $19o. t 'i% in terest O nly $26,3oo B e lte r h u rry ! C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E / i i i t l l . 732 $3$$ 
6 f f W W W hity N ice 3 b edroom , carpeted. fenced. 
O w ner ting need 
9264525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
3714 P e rt sm ooth, I bedro om , po 

I Live in this 2-1, ce n tra l heat ond lo rq e tre e s, m o s o lc ta b le w ith 
: bench B B D la rg e fa m ily room , i living and d in in g roo m com b ing 
| hon N ew ly painted $17,ooo 

Van Buren & Assoc 
1 *467171 
496 $896 
699 oo66 
$1oo D O W N 
3-1-1, a ir , p a y m e n t $17$, f ir s t paym ent In Jun e L e s s than rent I 
6766126________ R A E R e a l Estate 
H A L L A N D A L E A R E A S m a ll 3 ro o m h o u se w ith c a r p o r t 
O n 
1o5x8o lo! 
545oo 
923 4327, 
349 o453 
Ronald W illiam son i i I in L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
C e n tro ! h e a t- air, c a r p e t, ap - I pliances. larg e trees, fenced y a rd 
$28,ooo O pen T e rm s 
C e n t u r y 21 
R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y 573 77o1 

JAMAR VILLAGE 
3 bedroom s, liv in g room ond d in ­ ing room , ca rp e t throughout, with drapes 
Im m ediate possession! 
$2o,3oo 
C A L L V IC K I L A N E 
34I-JIS4 
M IT E S 829 3691 
W alker J. Bornebey 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
3 be droom%. 2 boths, den $25o down 
696747o S L A T E R R L T Y 344o936 l-L itk e , L Little. 3-Little houses 
A v a ila b le In W estw oo d V illa g e . 
Paym en ts $IS1 per m onth and lower 
L A A R e al E State 431-999o 
M C C O L L U M , b e a u t if u l 3 be b ro o m s w ith s e p a r a te d in in g room , ow ner an xiou s A ssu m e low interest loan or re fin a nce. C a ll now 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
934 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
475 o494 
M IN T C O N D IT IO N 1 2 3 in H er! lo g e F a r m 
M o s t a p p lia n c e s , d ru p e s-e xce p t m id d le b e d ro o m , finished garag e, patio in p riv a c y fenced y a rd 67$ 2152. 
RED CARPET 

DEVINE REALTY 
| D e v in e , T e x a s 
1 4 6 3 -4 S S S 

S A Direct Line 626-12oo 

IO AC HIU. COUNTRY 
J-11 j m obile, fu rnish ed w ell, septic, barn , trees 
! 828 o66$ 
716 1766 
475-o429 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

2 AC LAVERNA 
A ll utilities. 4 tro cts, ' i oc ea 
828-o66$ 
736 1766 
734 4117 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
A C R E A G E H O M C S IT E S 
J N W of Son A n to n io in B e x a r , 
I Com al, K en d a ll C o ’s 1-19- a c ie s or M ore 
UDN SMITH CO 
499244o 
B R O K E R 
699 2241 

A C R E A G E T R A C T S 
2 to 9’ i o c re tro c ts . lo ca te d on lower Seguin R d N e a r R and olph a f b . 1o% down w ith up to IS ye a r pay out W a le r, e le c t r ic p o w e r and telephone. A ll tra cts on paved 
' roods 
Waiter P. Schulze Realty 
I 313 4971 
653 2254 
532 /164 

SERENELY PRIVATE 

I 5 orrt — hilltop with mogmfi 
(tnt view Sophisticated 2 vtory J 

Contemporary just minutes From [ 
Medical Center ond downtown 2 

 yeors new, truly unique 

OVER 7 ACRIS-HIU.TOP 

Sophisticated Contemporary with I 
5 bedrooms phis quarters. Master suite with library, 3 fireplaces, 2 I basements IOO' D'Hanis tile deck 
(Sensational view). 
824 3233, j 
822 S973 822 91o3. 826 oo49. 

/ j * ? >. r> c v c ^ . 

B Y O W N E R 75 A C R E S U m ile s southeast Loop 41o on h ig h w ay 16 
O n ly 3 y e a rs e ld A ll b r ic k 1-2 h om o L A R O E R O O M S 
S w im ­ m in g po ol 2 -story m e ta l b a rn 
I rrig a tio n w e ll an d e q u ip m e n t 
F is h in g p o nd L a r g e o o k o n d h ic k o ry trees. W ith 2o a c re s of co a s ta l D eer, q u a il, a n d d o ve 
C a ll 
934 6571 o r 1 742 1o91 tor appointm ent. 
B Y O IN N E R , E a s t Cent. S ch o o l 
Dis!., nice hom e ond a c re s 
633-oo28 
C A L D W E L L C O U N T Y 
75o A C R E S 
; Tw en ty five m iles to A u stin , six- 
I ty-five m iles to San Antonio, seven 
; m ile s lo L o ck h a rt. 66o a c re s In 
, cu ltivation , excellent fe n ce s rind cro ss fencing. Six ponds, ro llin g te rra in E x c e lle n t c a ttle ra n c h 
$$$S p e r o c re . P h o n e H o m e r 
W ebster 
$12 392 967o or 
$12 192 2 544 
— c o ir us about our close in ru ra l properties 3-8oo A cre s 
S ent A Assoc, R ealto rs 824 238$ 

Huebner Road 
I 491 A cre s, clean, big trees. SOO’ fron t on H uebn er R oad 78o' E a st of O aklan d Road. B e au tifu l tract. 
C a ll E v e A r n o ld . 7 )5-45 8 $ o r 
227-81o. 
LD. 6oZA 

4 T R A C T S , 33 5 to 3S.S A c re s , south B e x a r Co 3 T ro c ts o re ad io in ln g a n d fa c e on L a m m R d and IH-37 S, o 3 m l. S.W. from the in te rse ctio n of FM 16o4 and IH 37 
M a n y t r e e s , s a n d y lo a m s o il 
N e a r B ra u n ig L a k e . 8.S m i. from 
Loop 41o 
Walter P. Schulze Realty 
333 4971 
453-2154 
$32/144 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS toke facilities ond boot romps near by Panoramic views, mony lorqe oak trees $18oo per ocre ana up Sell 3o% below market voice Up to IS years to pay at 
8% 
F o r a p p o in t m e n t c a ll 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

H O M E W IT H 2/4 ft. w a te rfro n t 
F o u rie s Sub No 2 in pro tected co v e 
H as own good w e ll. I ou i b u ild in g s fo r s to ra g e 
H a s ow n bo ot la u n ch C o m p le te w ith sea w all and dock 
684 4211 or 751-9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

TWIN SISTERS 
5 8 a c r e s H illt o p , so c fo re v e r. 
S4795 w ith ow ne r fin a n cin g tor up to 2o y e a rs a t •% . T h is piece of 
H ill C o u n ty ra n ch is a b a rg a in ! 
The ra n c h e r has ow ned this lan d fo r 2o y e a r s a n d d e s ire s q u ic k sale. P a rc e l No. 66. H B C R E A L 
E S T A T E 822 1 236._________________ 

L a k e L B J . C o n g e n ia l p e r s o n n ee de d lo s h o re e x p e n se s w ith o w n e r of b e a u tifu l " L a k e f r o n t hom e thot has e v e ry th in g ' . P re s tiq e a d d it io n . I 5 1 2-55 9-2743. 
258-4984 

R E ALTOR*227-81QS 
IN C O M E A N D L O V E L Y H O M E co m b in a tio n J ’ i a c re s. IO m ile s south L oop 41o 3oo peach tre e s now b e arin g . 25x13o' a ll e le ctric greenhouse. F a rm in g ond w ater m g e qu ipm en t in clu d ed in p rice . 
A p p ro x . 2.3oo sq. ti. b ric k I be droom . 7 both house with a ll elec trie k itch e n . W ood b u rn in g fire­ place, c a r p e t e d a n d d r a p e s 
W ater w ell, larg e oak trees, ch ain lin k fe n c e $11o,ooo S ho w n by appt only, Sam C a m pbe ll. B ro k e r 
(512) 656 7667, (SI2) 349 3577. 

CANYON LAKE 

H ACRE All Uttittles 
Q uiet country area, m an y pecans 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734-4117 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
' > A C R E B E A U T I F U L h 6 m E 
S IT E 
M u st oelt b y A p r il 15th 
M a ke otter p ro p e rty lo ca te d a l 
1444o V te w cre st OH H ig g e n s R d 
Coll 714 287 4397 otter 5 P M 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
N orth, tenced, w ell, co op e le ctric, j w id e p a v e d ro a d . V ie w m a n y m ile s ot d ista n t m o u n ta in seen c r y 
M u c h m o re . B o b S m ith 
; 498 2o93. 494 4777 

4ACRE NW 
5 m iles to B an dera. Loop 41o No 
City taxes $2,19$, $22 m onthly. No m obiles. B ill E s se x 341 5941 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
H ill Country M o b ile H om e srte. 15 m in N orth on Son P e d ro O n ly 
$31oo, $1oo d o w n . $21 66 p e r m onth., at I % to r 144 m o n th s 
T h is on e w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y! 494 1419 - L A K E C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 
____________ 
A L M O S T T W O A ^ R E S w ith p o p u la r n o rth s ld e r e s t a u r a n t , th re e d w e llin g s a n d a g a ro g e a p a r t m e n t f r o n t in g 2oo' on 
H uebn er R oad C a ll E v e A rn o ld 
735-6585 or 227 81o5. 
LD. GOZA 
R E A L T O R «227 81o5 
A p p r o x 
31.1o7 a c r e s , to e in g s ce n ic loop R d ., n e a r B o b c o c ti in te rse ctio n , ca n be sold rn tw o s e c tio n s , o w n e r fin a n c e to r e ­ sp o n sib le p a rty O w e n Q M a s see B ro k e r, day or n ile 
(512) 
I 696-924/. 

ATTENTION HUNTERS! 
Why pay tar o D eer Lea se - Own your own 3J a c re s n ea r L e a k e y 
T e x a s. L o ts ot G o m e H e a v ily w ooded O w n er F in a n c e d ■ 
$3oo 
O ow n • E a s y T e r m s • P h o n e 
512 257 5 369 A fte r 4 oo P M and all Day W eekends 

B y Owner, I a cres w ith la k e view , b e a u tifu l oak tre e s. On s a v e d 
I ro a d n e a r boat ra m p . U t ilit ie s av a ila b le 
Owner w ill fina n ce j I 999-2744 
C A N Y O N L A K E Custom b u ilt 3 2 
\ hilltop home, 25oo sq.ft., w oter on j 3 sides A steal at $8o,ooo 

I G U A D A L U P E R I V E R F R O N 
T A G E . 5 2 a c re s , w e ll, d o u b le 
I w ide m obile home, Boerne 

C O M F O R T . R o c k 2-t h o m e on 
H w y 97 C om m ercial potential. 

B L A N C O . 4.2 acros on good c ro o k w ith h ill 

B L A N C O D ouble-w ide h om e on beau tifu l oak-covered lot 
W EIR R E A L T Y 
Box 19o. Blanco. Tx 796o6 
(512) 9)3-4516 

L a rg e love ly b ric k co u n try hom e on 4 ocre s. 4$ m ile s south of city 
$S4,7Jo 

M e r n a Realty 349 3151 

Leon Springs Helotes 
UTS® U SA A A R E A 
14’ w id e C a s a L o m a on one of la r g e s t lo t s In s u b d iv is io n , alu m in u m co v e r o v e r la rg e con cre te p a tio, cy clo n e fen ce , huge oaks, etc., etc 
A lso hove 14x7o A N O 2 bedroom hom e on 5 a c ie s in Helotes. 
664 2o7)__________________ 653 56o7 

LET 
J A D E S S 
B ro k e r, B u y or Sell for Y ou C a ll 
226 8357 
342-9336 
364 9474 

~ UVE IN COUNTRY on an ocro , I bedroom . 7 bath, one la rg e liv in g o rc a w ith fire p la c e , g arden spot 
R u b y W rig h t 144-2341, 344 5947 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

VACATION HOMES 
HIU COUNTRY 
3 b e d ro o m , I b a th , f ir e p la c e 
$26,ooo 
7 b e d ro o m . I bath , fin ish e d g a r age $76,ooo 
3 bedroom , I both, 2 lots $77,ooo 
7 b e d ro o m . I b o th , f ir e p la c e , larg e lot. L a k e Shore. $21,ooo 
A ll n e a r p a rk a r e a , s w im m in g pool, clu b h ou se , te n n is co u rts, boot ro m p , good te rm s 
J A M E S O H ID Y . R E A L T O R 
San A n ton io 494 3419 
S p rin g B ro o ch 885-4642 

L A K E L B J - S U N R IS E B E A C H 
W aterfron t hom e 3 bedroom , l ' i b a th , c o m p le te ly fu rn is h e d B y 
O w n er $79,5oo 347 9563, 349-8626 
L a k e L B J , W oter fro n t lot $68oo 
344 9689 
_ 

LAKE TRAVIS 
2 re s id e n ta l lo ts in L o g o V is ta 
E sta te s O w n ersh ip in clu d e s use of c o u n try clu b , a irp o rt. Indoor fishing, etc. O w n er c a rry , trade, or conventional. 
POGUE I POGUE, INC. 
822 1154 
Since 194$ 
824-o698 
L a k e v ie w lo t in C a n y o n C o k e 
H ills, near boat ra m p ond sw im m in g p o o l. $25oo 
L o k e h o m e 
R e alty I 964 3ITA 

W A N T TO L IV E in the c o u n try ’ 
4-2V>-2 stu ffed w ith e xtra s. A h id ­ den tre a s u re ! 434 7341 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

2 LO TS . C B J L A K E , reason ab le. 
923-495o 

I 5 w a te rfro n t a cre s, on sp rin g fed 
I c re e k in o u r ra n c h , b ig tre e s , b e o u titu l w a te r. S625 dow n pay- m ent. $97 49 p e r m o C o ll 734-9598 

M E D I N A R I V E R F R O N T A G E o v e r 333 ft. r iv e r fro n ta g e 3-2 hom e, ce n tra l heat and a ir Beau tifu l trees, m ust see to a p p re cia te 
684-4211 Or 751 9943 
I 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
I 
N E A R B O E R N E . lO O Ft on the 
G u a d a lu p e , 2 A c r e s , $1o,ooo lO’ v B ot tOyrs. 735 3671 

..^bbebbbbemeekbwbmmibbbbwwwmbmbbmbbbmbbbre^^^wr^^ 
CHOICE SITES 
\ 

THUNDCWIRO H W i. 34 various site townhouse lots cdf (attaghan 

Hood Excellent for investment or development project 
$93,4oo 

WOO D U WH H lllS - "/no see forever' 2 qnrrjeous lots with o spectacular view cl Hie city 8 
MUSI SEC! 
$54,5oo 

HELOTES PARK - I V« ocres Chai ce building site, lovely corner, lots of trees, beautiful view AH utilities am iable 
$23,ooo 

CASTU HtUS TERRACE - Erne corner tat off Honeysuckle A rate 

 find in this orea 
$22,5oo 

CASTU HIUS - One of the few remaining tats on 
Shalimar 

Beautiful tree coveted 
$18,85o 

HELOTES. Two gorgeous orres of oaks Hoorn to live, to branch out. 
Prestige homes eoch side $15,75o 

STAGE COACH HIUS - Enpjy op prox. 16 ocres of nohve cedot ond oak trees with scenic vista of hill country orea 
Perfect residential 

 building site 
$11,2oo 

NEAR 
SOUTHWEST 
MEDICAL 

CENTER off 
Babcock 
Rood 
4 

 residential sites, walking distance 

 to elementory school from $1o,ooo to $11,ooo 

NORTH SAN ANTONIO H lllS , neor Cufebro ond EM 16o4. One plus acres convenient to city 
Stevenson ond 
Morshol 
School 
Distrkts 
$1o,75o 

LOCK HIU 
ESTATES. 
Gorgeous trees 
North lost schools 
Ex ctptionolly good volue 
$1o,5oo 

OFE v.DURRA R oAo - MOUN­ 
TAIN VIEW ACRES - I lots com bated for excellent budding site on higher elevation of subdivision 
$7,ooo 

OAK HAVEN HEIGHTS - choke homesite, nice level tat with good 
16,5oo 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES - Build your country home hi the tree-fille d heights of this otto Approx. Vt acre 
*4.ooo 

OAR VILLAGE NORTH - One ocre lot 
Water ond electricity available 
$4,5oo 

3 4 2 - 3 2 1 1 A N Y T I M E 

 t f a s o i v & k S i n & s 

•I Al tots - SO TEARS Of TRUST 

2.59 ACRES 
In 
Sutherland 
Sprtnos. 
All wooded, big live Oohs, Elm, ond other trees fenced, woter wells in area (obout 3o ft) 
Only 
S54So possible owner financing 
32 ACRES 
On pavement Neat Sequin, most iv Hi (oostol Bermuda, large stock tonk with bsh $1,ooo per ocre. 
75 ACRES 
With beoutiful bldg site on o hill 
Over boll rn coostol Stock tonk, good fences ONIE $69o on ocre 
Owner boomed 
241 ACRES 
About 
IOO ocres hi coostol. another IOO orres in good field. 3 stock tanks with fish. large hay born, good fences. Excellent buy for $55o pee octe. Ownet Email ted 
G O O D S E L E C T IO N O f 
O T H E R P R O P E R T IE S 
C.H. WAHI 
1-379- $693, 1-379-S71o 
771 W. Court St., Soguin, Tex. 
Gene Tro.l 1-S57 SoS4 
. tori Welch 65 5 218o 

BEST BUYS 
This kind will sell because it is pen ed below the competition. 
182 Acres on the Medmo Rive’ huge ook s. ond pecans, only IO min to S A. $1,3oo poi ocre 
583 Acies riverfront, old focmsteod in Con iotas Co 
Mostly cleated native posture 
Unbelievable at 
$8oo pet ocro, owner financed 
2o3 Acres on the San Mottos Rivet, 
Gonzales Ca. 4,ooo H. of rivet front, % minerals, only $8oo per one let us arrange on exchange of your property 
DEVAULT A ASSOC. 
349-2477 
Seeueiiili ie hee Mike***. 

 m FARMS AND RANCHES 

INSIDE 16o4 

CHINA GROVE 
’i ac, 3-2, den, fire p la ce 
826o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
C L E A N as a pin, 3 2 1 in Sch ertz 
R a n g e d is p o s a l, d is h w a s h e r , lo rg e tre e s • te n c e d y o rd . N o down Govt, owned O nly $25,275 
R A N D O L P H R E A L T Y 658-5)o1 

J o n e s - M a lt s b e r g e r f r o n t a g e north of Thousand O aks. 72 acres, re a s o n a b le te rm s . O w n e rs a n i- 
I lows 
J .M C u llm an R e a lto r 
$12 344 2341 

BOB JONES. REALTOR 
1 6 m iles south of Seguin. 91.4 acre s fro n tin g on H w y . 2 s to ry hom e w ith 4 b e d ro o m s, la rg e k itch e n 
1 c o m b in e d w ith f o r m a l d in in g room . I liv in g room s p lu s big fron t p o rch . T re e s , w e ll, h o rn s , pe n , cross fences, potential 4 a c re lak e 
I 5 m ile s w est of Seguin, to a c re s 
, with 12, b ric k 4 y ea rs old Centro! a ir heat. I co r garoge w ith w ork shop Tan k stocked with lish, tan 
1 t a s t ic v ie w . $o5,OOO 
G ( J A D A 
L U P E 
P R O P E R T Y 
A S S O 
O A T E S , IN C. 171-9o7o 

W IN O W O O D E S T A T E S ... alm o st 
S a c re s w ith h o rs e s ta lls , ta c k ro o m , w o rk s h o p a n d d e ta c h e d 
.m e room 7ox15! T rip le ga rag e! 
And... a b e au tifu l. 3 y e a r old hom e with bay w indow s, fire p la ce and a built in kitch en... 4 bedroom s, 7' > I baths A tru e, cou n try estate w ith fru it tre e s an d o big g a rde n! 
$113,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

Guy Chipman Co 

W IN D W O O O E S T A T E S 
Olm os! 
5 o c r e s w ith h o rs e S totts, ta c k ro o m , w o rk s h o p a n d d e ta c h e d gam e room 7oxl$t T rip le g a ra g e ! 
A n d . o b e ou tifu l. 3 y e a r old hom e with bay w in dow s, fire p la ce and a bu ilt in k itch e n 
4 be dro om s, 2' > bo tbs A tru e, cou n try estate w ith fru it tre e s an d a big g a rd e n ! 
$113,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

25 WOODED ACRES with a be au tifu l 4 be droom , I bath hom e. 3ox2o den w ith fire p la c e , j huge e le c tric k itc h e n w ith b u ilt- ins. 24x24 h obb y o r ga m e roo m p lu s 2 b e d r o o m g u e s t h o u s e 
$1 $9 J)oo. G ood fin a n cin g 344-8348 

G r a c e A r n o l d r e a l t o r s s a l s ________ 

N ew C a n y o n L a k e h om e in V il­ lage S hores P ric e re d u ced $3ooo by b u lld e r-b ro k e r, 21oo sq ft to r 
S62.ooo 
L o k e h o m e 
R e a lt y 
1-964-319o. 
_____ 
P r ic e re d u c e d $15oo. w e e k e n d h om e at C a n y o n L a k e , $21,ooo, 
Lokeh o m e R e a lty I 964-319o 

RESORT S lits 
H A N D Y M A N S C A B I N a fe w b lo c k s fro m L B J L a k e , o n ly 5 m iles west at M a rb le F a lls . 2 Be droom s, la ro e fa m ily room , fire ­ p la c e ( lo c k s s o m e t r im ) 
R E ­ 
D U C E D to .............................$11,9oo. 
C A N Y O N S P R I N G S R E S O R T 
La k e v ie w lot. Poo l 
52.5oo 
824-o121 A N Y T I M E . 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S -5 o Y e a rs of T R U S T 
R ockp ort. T e x a s - the best going m a rin a on the T e x a s coast, w ith 3 ap ts, liv in g q u a rte rs , s n a c k b a r a n d b a it s ta n d , in c lu d e s 4 5ft s h rim p b o o t, d o c k s la u n c h in g ro m p , a ll e q u ip m e n t. G o o d f in ­ a n c in g C o n ta c t IR W IN R E A L 
E S T A fE ji_ 2 7g_2 7 Jt_____________ 
9 unit w a te rfro n t m otel w ith e x tra nice liv in g q u a rte rs an d roo m for e x p a n s io n . I R W I N R E A L E S - 
T A T E , Rot Sport, T x 512-729 273) 

WOULD YOU BELIEVE 
A p p r o x im a te ly 12 a c r e s S ou th e ast 16o4 w ith 1o55 ti fro n ta g e 
O w ner fina n ced . 
344 6268 
3414 >66 

W A N T C O A S T A L P R O P E R T Y ! 
A ra n s a s P o s s o r P o r t A ra n s a s 
D O U G L A S A N D E R S O N 
8o3 G o rd in a 
732 1362 

2o ACRES POTEET 
Oak uses, peanut oilofment. 

1o7 ACRE FARM 
POTEET 
Has it alt! Kite house, cattle, boms, pen$, xngotion, coastal, peanut allotment, Form equip men*, tank, some pasture 

125 ACRE FARM 
POTEET 
New home, peonut allotment, ir- n gabon 

192 ACRE FARM 
POTEET 
Nice home, peonut allotment, «- ngotion, equipment optional deer, owner Financed. 

335 ACRES 
BANDERA 

Hunters desire, little cabin. good water (tamer financed 

SIMMONS REAL ESTATE 

P O T E E T 1 - 7 4 2 - 3 3 6 8 

S A N A N T O N IO 3 4 2 -4 o 5 3 

BURNET COUNTY RANCH 
3 o o + a cre s, g o o d w e ll, g o o d Fences, lots oF tim ber, live cre ek, deer, e x ­ cellen t soil and terrain . 
$ 5 2 5 per ocre. 
Western Realty, 
C a th a rin e E v e r e tt, 
Realtor, 

S T A R R T , B O X 5 , 

B U R N E T , T e x a c 7 8 6 1 1 
5 1 2 - 7 5 6 - 2 5 2 7 

★ COUNTRY ESTATE ★ 

15o year old. German Rock home, completely remodeled, KOO sa 
Ft , 3ox4o Rang room, bor, 2 fireplaces, swimming pool. Situat­ ed on 1o6 ocres with 3 tarns, stables, only 16 miles north SA. 
Excellent financing with low down poyment, shown by op- pomtment only to qualified buyers 
5 J 2-885-4682 

HILL COUNTRY 
RANCH 
23o Acres 
Near Bergheim 

Beautiful view, only 25 mm. From loop 16o4 Several smaR fields, cross fenced For cattle. 

D. B. HARRELL CO. 
226-5171 

COUNTRY DREAM 

I ACRE— WW 
BANDERA 

O ak tre e s, p a v e d s tre e ts, e le c tric ity , telephone V e ry clo se In b u t no c ity t e x t s . $4,995 B ill 
Essex 341 5*41 

3<ACRE NW 
P a v e d stre e ts, e le c t r ic ity , tele- p n o n e , c lo s e to U T S A . M o d 
Center. No city taxes. $399$. $38 m onthly No m obiles. B ill E sse x 
141 $941 

3 mi. south of town. 3 ac on a hilt a s k in g , $7,49$, w ill c o n s id e r otters 
B ill 
H ughes, 
B ro k e r. 
342 1641 

BARGEN ACREAGE 
IN to A C R E T R A C T S . $16,ooo to 
$21,ooo, close in, ou t 2o1 n o rth . beautiful trees, m e ado w s, h u rry and coll Irm o 

6 ACRES 
WILSON CO. 

A L L OR P A R T ■ $749 P E R A C R E 
Only m in from boat ra m p at Can von Coke O w ner w ill tin o n ce at 
o% sim ple B ill H ughes. B ro k e r, 
342 18o8 

_________r e a l t o r s 
-in iw n o o 
$165 M b C lean ) bedroom s $2oo 
* " v w lT ia 
An O lde Shack 

23o A C R E S , R iv e r Bottom , tank, tenced, approx. $97$ par a c re 
HO A C R E S , fenced, 35 o cre peon ­ ut allotm ent, ta n k. F M H it , a p ­ prox. $875 per acre. C a ll V e ra . 

COMAL CO. 
P i A C R E . 12 m ile s fro m Loop 41o out 281 N , ahi $6,8oo C a ll V o ra 

 na, igrge yd 331 7615. 
R E D u £ f 6 t J b e d ro o m s. I'z I bu lbs 
E x tra large rooms on 
A cre 
SANTEX CO., REALTORS 

653o46o_ _ _ 
R O O S E V E L t P A W . sp a c io u s I bedroom s. 7 bath, t g a rag e home on Lotu s O n ly $16,oo8 No down 
V A . only $5oo P M A or trade 
532 3252 
H IT E S 923-61o5 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
S t111 
I d A b E 
H ig h la n d H ills . 2 be droom , den, centro! a ir -heat, carpet, paneled 
W ill take p icku p, ca r. tra ile r, etc. 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y d tf-W M 
•jowl! b o uw ana lot sd. ITO isoo 
B e rm ud a. $4 $oo 927 49o$ 

 down, Isl paym en t in June 
696-Z42o S L A T E R R L T Y 684 6169 
N E A R K E L L Y , J bedroom hom e, writ sell A s is' condition, ch eap or owner w ill com p letely redecorate 
No down V A 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
926-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
6754)696 

 n e e d L o t s o f r o o m ’ 
We hovo 2 spotless 4 bedroom . 2 I both hom es lust m in utes from the bases Both hom es have w a ll to - w a il c a rp e ts , d is h w a s h e rs , on d j m any other extros. V A ap p ra ise d at $26,5oo ond $27,6oo 
691 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
341 $423 
RED CARPET 

-------------- n 6 V 6 'n ------------------- 
: In the y a rd of th is ro o m y 4 be I 
! droom . 2 bath hom e in V a lie v H i j 
North, no way lo list oil the e xtras 
I either Open T e rm s. C a ll tor de j 
I toils. 341 4484 
RED CARPET 
I O F r pCI A s A n TWTC TOY 
' b e d ro o m , c o r n r t r le t. $6,ooo 
I 923-4327, 926 2922 

R o n a l d W H I i o t m o n 
ON S R d w N L E A F N e a r L a c k la n d and K e llv I t l l $1ooo w ill hon die 
433 28o1 a r 
P le asan to n 
1 569 )282. 

•PATTON HEIGHTS® 
E x t r a n ic e 3-1-1, c e n tr a l h e a t, 
! carpeting throe out F M A V A 

|2 w e lls, lo re * o a k s . So. et San 
Antonio. C a ll 
226-8357 
342-91)8 
344 9424 

J JE Dess 
R e o i Estate 
2o A cro s at 8495 a c re off 28IN. 
P re tty oa k s, e x c e lle n t b u n tin g 
Jim A shley R e el Esta te 644 4276 
IO A cre s, to s t of B la n c o , s m a ll house, good tog soil J im A shley 
Keo! E sto le 684 4274_____________ 
8 acres, held lust south ot B e xa r 

BEXAR CO. 

Co, $76oo. B e ll 226 2324___________ 

2 5 a c r e s in W O O O V A L L E Y 
A C R E S 924 3)4o 922 6347 
F acres irrig a te d fo rm lan d G ood s o il. n e a r h ig h w a y , w a ll f u r ­ n ished. be o u titu l v ie w el T e x a s h ills. $545 down p a y m en t $87.72 per m o O w ner fin a n cin g a v a ila big Cotl tor appointm ent 734-7964 h i- , lam ing Ch.na G rove 
1)oo feat on H w y 87 C h oice com m e rc ie i an d d e v e lo p m e n t Pos s ib ila t e s 
W E S L E Y 
R E E D . 
B R O K E R . 342 4489 otter 6pm 
19 A cre s,' I' m!~~l o s t *a l T h 35 ut 
N a ta lia , $1o95 per a c re , tenced. well, Tex Vet 492 2524 
IO A cres. 48 m i. fro m 41o N. Hot with cedar and oaks. J im A shley 
R eol Estate 684 4276 
5 ocres. J* m i. n orth af io n An 
Io n ia c ity lim it s . $5995. s m a ll do w n , lo n g te rm fin a n c in g by owner 534-8876 
I 4.5 a c re s n e a r N e w ir o u n t e ls . 
' 1o% down, term s. $159$ per ocre 
36 acres near C a nyon Lake . 1o% 
; d o w n , te r m s $1$9$ p a r a c r e . 
*51 6844, a r 199 2411 

S O U T H S I D E S c h o o l D is t r ic t . 
2o4 43 A c re s w ith 2 s to ry ro c k home. 4 l-tiroptaco. U til. 24 a c ro s coastal, AH im p ro v e m e n ts O w n er ca rry . C a ll V e ra 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
I A C R E H ilt-Top, b e au tifu l view 
U tilitie s. O w n er a n x ie u s . $6,8oo 
Can Annette 
1.3o9 A C R E , re du ced . $6,ooo. C a ll 
Annot* 

SCENIC LOOP 

.lU W E S w . 684 3334 gsioiG3 C e n t u r y 21 
. you won t find a nicer one m i r> * v la s , 
N O R R IS R E A L T Y 
It you wont a I bedroom . 2 b ain nome, you won t find o nicer one p rice d tower than m is one 

B O B B I L L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534 o8oo 
333 1668 
31) 1764 
W A L K TO H ld H lA N O S M ld h 
3-2-1, $275 down H u r r y 
694 742o S L A T E R R I T V $44o9)4 

I 845 A C R E S , s p rin g ted cro o k s, util $15,6oo CaU G a ry 
G R E Y F O R E S T . o 245 A c r e s , trees ond crook, S4ooo C a ll G a ry 

Van Buren I Assoc 
6o4 7171 
496 5896 
344 1o89 g'E A U T t? U L ! « ' » T i e re " R o ne ii. 
F r o d o r lc k s b u r g , T e x a s , d o o r, t u r k e y , s p r in g s , t r a it o r , e tc 
$81,9oo. W rite 
C o b b $411 O ak 
B lv d Austin, Texas,7S725 

M in t- r a n c h w ith 
I a c r e s 
)- v e o r- o ld 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th home out B andera R d and close to M edina Lake In m e 6o s C a ll now. 68472oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Reotty 

COUNTRY GENTLEMEN 
W here the canto d riv e o rig in a te d . at K en d a lia. lust IS m in utes tra m lo o p 418. Spacious 4 bedroom , 2W ba th hom e, on a p p ro x im a te ly J ocro s. P ric e d at $89.$oo 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S A ustin H w y O le 
C O U N T R Y L I V I N G A T IT S 
B E S T in this 4 bedroom , 1% both h om o. N o o r B o e rn e , a p p r o x I I a c ro s . sto c k ta n k , h o rs e b a rn , good w all 
RED CARPET 
) 4 2 ) tt t 
R E A L T O R S 
344 7985 
C O U N T R Y L IV IN G ' 
B ig 3-2-dtn. hug# fire p la ce , on ly I 
I y e a r s o ld 
O n 5 t r e e s tu d d e d acro s. B la ck to p roo d on J sid e s 
; F e n c e , c re s s -fe n c e d . 349 4 5 o ), 
4942o4o 
Marilla D H rift Bm Hw s 

COUNTRY LIVING w ith a m ajestic view h igh above your own running croo k rn th is 3 2 h e m e w ith la r g o liv in g a r e a su rro u n d e d by a re dw oo d d e ck 
CaU us tor an app l. 

: N E A R B O E R N E , acre a g e tra cts i O w ner fina n ced 
684 42)1 or 751 9943 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 

NORTH 3H ACRE 
O ut San Pedro. IS m in utes O aks. soil. viow for m iles P a ve d road 
C o op e le c t ric . $15oo. fo rm s by o w n e r. B o b S m ith . 491 2 o9 ). 
<94-4777 

CONNALLY 
H E A L E S I A T E INC 
8oo Y E A R O L D O A K S s u rro u n d this 3 bedro om hom e on to o cre s 
N e a r 
S o m e r s e t , a d d it io n a l a c re a g e a v a ila b le w ith hom e o r s ep arate $4o,ooo 6o1-o44o. 

WATER FRONTAGE 
On cloo r ru n n in g cre a k I H ugo O ld 
684 576o i Tre e s! Q uite! A ir strip ! P riv a te ! 
$98 O ow n p a y m e n t! N e a r San 
Antonio on H w y to B a n d e ra . C a ll: 
828-783o, 1 547 5o17. I 53 S-439L 

238 UIS 

RED CARPET 

I a c r t i o a k s , e x c lu s iv e a r e a , id e at-deveiepm en t F a s t g ro w in g o re a a rou nd m a tu re su b u rb 
■ M A C R E A L E S T A T E 878 752) 

NO SMOG 
E n c h a n tin g 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b o th hom e. in sm og fre e P le a sa n to n 
A ll e le ctric kitchen, ce n tra l heat a ir, d is h w a s h e r, g a rb a g e disp o so l G e o rg e L e e 533-7143, p ile s 
534 5545 
B O B JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

On 5 Acres LEON HULEY ' 
B eoutitul hom esite IO m inutes to 
M e d ic a l C e n te r O w n er an x io u s. 
884 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 S ch neider R ealty 
74. 52. or a ll 13 A cre s. S. B e xa r. 
R easonable, B y O w ner. 922472/ 
O W N E R A N X I O U S 
T h e fre s h cou n try a ir from m is beautiful 3 bedroom hom e on o h illtop D eer p ro le en the 7' i ocre s su rro u n d 
, lo g th is h om e , h u g e f ir e p la c e 
1 494 5221 ( A N Y T IM E ) 
RED CARPET 

149 A C R E S planted in buffet g la s s and co a s ta l b e rm u d a B e a u tifu l 
. oa k tre e s, no c e d a r. G o rg e o u s 

VOO# WALTON’S MOUNTAIN 
A po fo x 4o a c re s , h igh est e ie vo lio n 5 c o u n tie s 
E x tr a s 7% B y 
Owner 4,4 37o4 

128 ACRES live Oak Co. Alt brush, (eve hun­ ting, EM rood Frontage, lone mmeroH. $395 per acre. 
292 ACRES 
South of fotfuTTioi. 
Excellent hunting (tamer financing. AM or port $425 per ocre 
VESTLAND 
8 5 4 - 1 o 1 5 

BEAUTIFUL HILL COUNTRY 
A lm ost 2 a cro s o v e rlo o k in g a w o tortolt, corn er tra c t w ith toke and road frontage C a n assam * $71 2) m o paym ents or te rm s O w n er, 
342 7194 

Li m ! Locators el Th u s 
S A 667 It 54, 467 1232 
D E C K IN T H E S K Y with a view of a beou titul sp rin g green valley, this 4 b e d iu g p i. I'> bath, redw ood o n d b r ic k hom e, with huge recreatio n room . an d 2 fire p la c e s , sots t u iz ly in to a 2 ocre tree covered h illsid e , in ex e lu s iv e T R A IL W O O O S U B O I 
V IS IO N IM I t N W O P E N T H IS 
W E E K E N D 

C U S T O M 
KCN Company 
OM H O M E B U IC E 

216 HOUSES SOUIHWFSI 

A A A I' A t l " l 
I" b e d ro o m s ' J b a th s , c o rp # ! 
$2oo d o w n , paym en ts less than rent 
696 Z42o S L A T E R R I T T 684 6169 
A D A M i H I L L B v O w n er 
4 ! V 
N I S O C ut de s a c A ll e x tra s 
673 $467 wk ends or atter I 18 8 rn 

ADAMS HILL 
M L $2/8. total d o sin g cost $282 m onthly pa ym en t to q u a lifie d V A b u y ers 
6 /5 285o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S t W est Ole 

 a h . A M 
L i i H m 
T r e m 
- p rice re d u ced lo $288o l l I, $2o8 down, $2o8 m o 
J A J R E A L T Y 674888) A n ytim e 
A s su m e , 3 b e iro o m T n o i r eg 
G ille tte A v e $15oo equity 
G E O R G E S M IT H R L I V 924 5174 

Baburd South P a rk M a li 
E •(attent lf - > - l. beam ed ce ilin g 
S m all down 
L A A R e a l Esta te 413 >89o 
A U Y Y A U N O W N H O M E i 
Horning oown ne t losing 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
67$ KO I 
621 $72o 
• V O W N E E 
M2 7415 

• E A U T I F U L L Y L A N D S C A P E D , 
) I 2, pgneied den b re a k in s! b d s p ill le v e l, liv in g d in in g a r e a 
C u llie d 'a l c e ilin g , S k y lig n t. on tra n c e c e u r ty a r d . e x t r a la r g e c o v e re d patio, p riv a c y le n t* pp sm qft Cut D e Sac in A d a m s M ills near L a c k la n d K tU y and schools, a ssu m e le a n $19 POO e l 7 'i p iu s ss nae equity mwwltu , a m is $241 i v gogo O n ly 67)41)6___________ 

1 1 u x is i m o h i w s 

19)9 P A V B U U M 
O P E N Sun 1-6 
B rick 2 bedroom , carpeted, arr 
D U N K L E Y R E A L T Y 141 1187 i E L i t h e c a R i 
Walk to South P a rk M a il and toke bus to w ork N ew p a in t in I be droom s paneled d in in g N oth in g down V A Chgaper than rent I 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473 KOI 

SPACIOUS HOME 
3-2 den. carpet, ossm $169 m o 
128-o46 $ 
7141766 
671 o629 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
S P llE w 6 6 6 1 1 1 . co n tro l heat o n , ra n g e , c o v e re d p a tio $124 mo- 7% in le i ssl. $18,25o or best otter C h arle s Worts R e al Estate 
711 291o, 711 5155, 22o 91o4 

TO BUY OR NOT TO BUY it that s the aueshon. K l us help with the answ er COH us about this 
"fre sh as a breath of sprin g a ir" 
1-11 hom e in W estwood V illa g e 
You nam e th* te rm s F o r in fo r­ m a tio n on d v ie w in g , ca t! K C C 
L E Y R E A L T Y 4116641 4116641 

S2o TOTAL COST to m ay# in t* 2 and I b e d ro o m 
Paym en t si$4 F irs t paym en t in 
June H u n y won! last 
674 6114________R A E R eal Estate 
Tw o H o u s e s a n d e flic e ^ idg , large g arden l o w I M s. 824 ta le 
V A L l'fc V H i 
3 I ca assu m e 4% or refinance 474 ll) / , 451 6511 

V A O W N E D 
A N Y O N E C A N B U Y NO DOW N, lu st put on m a rk e t. 4 2-2, s m a ll n o sin g costs ta lovely H eritage 
F o rm H u rry ' 
R E A L T O R S 
6741512 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C IA T E S 
KEY GROUP 

IO ACHES 
N E A R P IP E C R E E K 
Close enougn tor com m uting, but ta r e n o u g h to trn io y 
R E A L 
C O U N T R Y l i v i n g . Custom bu ilt m obile, deer proof gar den piu s 28 fruit trees Only $11,888 164 8348 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

5 ACRES 
N ear Som erset C ou n try Irving at its best H ave g a rd e n and sam e c h ic k e n s a n d b e o u tit u l tre e s . 
C ecil O rrick 
Don Sm ith B ra k e r 
7)5-8oo8 
6 acres, no down paym en t, SS*.4o per m o . View 4 m ile s tra m Can yon Jim A shley Reotty 224-7774 
28 A c r e s of l o n d T i b e d r o o m house, cont, heat a ir , of C e n te r 
Point, Tx 
F o r Sal* E y O w ner, 
649 2985 
5 A cres. 486 on p e rm a n o n i c ''•ak huge tree*, intl C anyon toke. J im 
A shley Rpatty 224-7774 

B ACHES OR MORE 
N e a r C a la v e ra s L a k e b e o u titu l o a k s , g a rd e n s a il. O w n e r fin a n te d E a sy te rm s. B ill H a rp e r 
494 7412, 144 2 5)4 
------------------m 
? R i ? ------------------ plu s S b e d ro o m h om e, 2 b a th s, with s m a lle r h om e un p ro p e rly . stack ta n k, a c re a g e , ca n be lr floated Only $57,4*o 
C e n t u r y 21 
W H I/ B H E A O -H O L ID A Y 
M I /U S 
R E A L T O R S 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
O ver 4 a cre s in the HUI C o u n try 
Y ou ca n se* to r m ile s . A tittie 
C O L O R A D O . C a ll R a y W o o d , 
497 J7SI *r 872 9355 
2 b e o r 6 o m R O C K M O M i 
5 a c re s F ire p la c e . L o c a te d n e a r 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 2 1 4 /l/t. 
B E T W E E N S A B O R N E 
Several new listin g s of C H O IC E I to 5 a cre tra cts, am a n g th* preen voUeys and oak hued h illsid e s et 
W IN O W O O D E S T A T E S F in a n c ­ ing available 

498-17o7___________ n igh ts P i 8241 

BETWEEN SEGUIM SA 
4 fre s h g re e n a c r o s e t p r im * 
C o a s ta l B e r m u d a g r a s s , w ith geed road tro n la g * m ob il* hom es welcom e 117oo per acre 

D u nlay, 3 bedrift. I bath. an P i 
: a s m . fflfc U i? ._________ i FO R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
4 a c re s et lan d $ ro a m a ll e le c t r ic c a l­ la g e A lso butn* gas A n d w ood b u rn in g tu e p iu cg . L o ts of tre e s j fa r w o ad F is h p e n d . v a rm e n t g ro a t fen ce, geed w a te r u s ti h ig h w a y fro n ta g e E x t r o 48X4o 
B usiness building School bus t i m iles E a st af G on zales. T e x a s en 
H ig hb oy to A at lo c k shoo 
FO R S A L E B Y O W N E R 
11 a c r e s gu t l i t N o rth , w a te r, e le c t r ic it y , p o v e d r o o d s , c a ll 
349 728o 
________________ 

IOO F t. en r iv e r , tre e s , p a v e d 
I re a d , 16 m ile s fro m 41o. SI.IOO with term ) 926 1o92 _______ 
_ 

G u a d a lu p e R iv e t H ou se. I m il* below C a n yon O am C e d a r a n d re ek. I bedroom , 2 bath, d a u M e c a rp o rt, storage, b e a u tifu l ro c k firep lace and floating de ck, hug* oak trees, en 9o X 24o' let, e xce l ten! retirem en t a r w eekend hem# 
M I M . W I) * * H 'i _____________ 

O ft S ta t* 44 • A b e o u tifu l 4 be droom hom e H illtop view ! And $ 
A c re s 1 *9o.ooo C a ll us now 
341 449) 
N ile s 4*4-41 $4. 715 1787 
G E O R G E F L O O D . R E A L TO RS 

POTEET 8 Acres 
A thoroughly m odern hom e with a quiet co u n try setting. 4 bedroom . 
I both, den w ith fire p la c e H as 
E v e r y t h in g ! J E R R Y B A C O N 
R E A L T O R S t H i JJU. i i i U U . m m 
♦»? r n * _________________ 
Q U I E T C o u n try L iv in g 
N ew 3 be d ro o m , I 'n b a th s, ca rp e te d , ce n tra l heot and a ir. dishw asher, rang* ond oven, en % A cre . L a rg e tre e s, ta k e H w y 14. 14 ‘•i m ile s 
S o u th a t t e r p a s s in g L e o g 418 

 b lo c k , B lu e H o u se R o c k T rim 
C e ll 741 M S I Poteet 
________ __ 

RETIRED OR COMMOTE 
C ity of S eguin p re stig e , quite o r 
•a, custom quoit tv built, e xce llen t d e c o r, e n e rg y s a v e r s . 2 s to ry b r ic k h o m e . 
A p p r o x 
2 )84 sp ti.-2 -3 -1 L iv in g room , fire ­ place, d in in g room , m c* kitchen and b re a k fa st area, larg e tat see 
; cia ! a m e n itie s . J u s t $73,SOO-VA 
I Oh. 
I 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379 $841 
S E G U IN . T E X 

I . g y t t B j j t a . l s l i s * m u 
R M G E O R G E R E A L T Y 
242 M A IN 
B O E R N E . T E X A S m j m i M m h m m 
. 
R ock hom e w ith fire p la c e , barn . 

1 
M S 1 

 fa rm o p e ra tio n 4V4-76SI A N Y 
T I M t. 

ROSOW & KUNE 
R E A L T O R S >o Y e o rs ut TR U S T 
BY O W N E R 
L o t I 6 a r r a s Me lu te s P a rk E s ta te s 
P r ic e d lur qa.ck sale 33) 7291_______________ 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild now or h o ld tor in vestm ent Tet m s o v o ilo b le $3,8oo lo $6ooo P a v e d s tre e ts 
A ll uti lilie s Neor Schools and shopping 
N e o r B a n d e ra R d an d B e m u s 
Or 
For details c a ll L o u is Flore s 
732-7241___________________________ 
F A N T A S T I C V IE W O F Son A n 
Ionio and hill cou n try on 4 3 ocres c o v e r e d w ith t r e e s 
494 2 1 *3 
L R E A__________________________ 

INSPIRATION HILES 
Ideal lo! tor your hom e M.gh ele votion with o beoutitul view ot the city Fo r details a - d view ing, cal! 
342 4115 A N Y T IM E 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
7 LO T S on Irio lo St ort C u le b ro ond Roanoke. 7)5 oo52_________ _ 

MOUNTAIN VIEW ACRES 
Beoutitul '; ocre re sid e n tia l lot in scen ic M o u n ta in V iew A cre s ort 
C u le b ro rust b e y o n d the g re a t 
N o rth w e s t s u b d iv is io n F o r de ta ils an d v ie w in g , c o ll *54 1844 aej y T IM P 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
4177 V t 
I A U R E L A V E in MI 
L o u r e l sub O ft W o r ib o c h an a 
• HIO West 77 Mont ti with poved alle y near T u itle Creek CC M ea 
C e n te r. U S A A $12,5oo 
T e rm s 
«v* 44o5 M on F r ia r 3 4 l5 * 4 * d a ilv 
8A M I Q 
P 
M 
_______________ 

NEAR UTSA 
9**15o tt le v e l lot w ith a ll u tilities h o v e e x c e lle n t b u ild in g $ lt* $ . O n ly m in u te s a w a y tra m U T S A v ie w s a n d g e e d s o il 
P r ic e d and U S A A F o r d e ta ils ond view 
$25oo OO p e r ae r* . 
•"*• can 342-411$ A N Y T I M E 

228-RESORT PROmiitx 

A B e au tifu l 
CANYON LAKE 
• H IL L S ID E L O T • B E A U T I F U L 
V iew 
514oo E a s y T e rm s 
• L a rg e L o t - T re e s N ea r L ak e 
A n d beat ra m p 
E a sy T e rm s 
Copt. E . Jones 

V 2 3 6 ? J J ____________ 
5 A C R E S N o O ow n . L a k e L B J , beautiul. sce n ic E a sy paym en ts 
2 4 M o M 
I bedro om s. I bath, fa m ily room w ith fir e p la c e p lu s g u e st h ouse w ith t-t. IOO' w a te r fro n t, b o a t h o u se w ith s u n b a c k , h e is t a n d pier S6S.o88 N o flood in g 
3' r o cre s, ta ll trees, 4 bedroom s. 
I ' i b o th s . 184' w a t e r f r o n t , s p rin k le r system , w ell N e Hood in t G U A D A L U P E P R O P E R T Y 
A S S O C IA T E S . IN C 371oo78 
C A N Y O N L A K E A C R E A G E 
P ic k out you r own R a n d le tt* 5 to 
188 A c r e s , S o u th s id e o f la k e , o w n e r f in a n c in g . 
8 24-1421. 
341 2983 or 826-8934_______________ 
C A N Y O N L A K E M IL L S , 7 OC, I 
.g t f l f.. EH M 4SS 494 2 

88 AC Castroville Area 
F e rn 2-IV»-2+ guesthouse born. stall. pens, ow ner c a rry 
*28-o445 
734 1764 
534-4439 
W A T S O N A SON R E A L T O R S 

1,ooo AC UVE OAK CO 
•4o ac in coa stal near K ennedy 
C reek, best bo ttom land in Texas. 
29% de ow ner c a rrv , 1% 648-o87) 
I78-o44S 
734-1766 
675-o*29 
W A T SO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

S a c re s, 29 m i. north of San A n ­ to n io c ity lim it s . $5995 
S m a ll d o w n , lo n g te rm f in a n c in g by ow ner 534 33.76___________________ 
6oS A cre s. 68 m i S.A n e a r G illett. g a s w elt. $4o8 p e r a c re , ow ne r finan cing . 
2o4 A cre s, ) m i n orth et G o lia d , ru n n in g cre e k , new gas w ell. SOSO per ocre 
CAROLE LUSTER REALTY 
S U 575-SOI/ 
45 a c re s (m a re a v a ila b le ) E a st c e n tra l s ch o o l d is tric t. 2‘t a c re to n k. b o rn on d pens. bv ow n e r, 
$75o par a c re . 914-5)74, 491-1549.■ 
ISO A C R E S of b ru sh. $32$ an o cre. 
South T e x a s. C o u n ty ro a d fro n ­ tage D A V ID M A R T I N P H I L L I P 
R E A L T Y 691-1373, 1-71o 2o72 
IS o o A C R E 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
R A N C H 
M a g n if ic e n t 4oo A c fre sh w ater p riv a te lake. R a n ch is o b e a u tifu l m o rln e o n d w ild life gam e refuge F irs t tim e offered 
O w n e d b y s a m e f a m ily m a n y y e a rs S u b stan tia l dow n paym en t and ba lan ce 4' >% 25 y ea rs. M a x 
F . O u lln ig , R e a lt o r , C o r p u s 
C h risti, T tx o s 5)2-151 9o23 E v e 
S II 99) 4333_______________________ 
22 A C R E S . S prin gs. N. ol B oern e 
516l m _ o w n * r (.'noticing 4?3o789 

3o ACRES UNIMPROVED 
T h is 34 a c r e s is g e n tle r o llin g g ro ss lo n d on d liv e o a k s (no ce re a c o p c a d u a n e a b hi r uh I d>r I- S u itab le far veteran Totol 
. O m ix , c e I C 
|PT'«8 WSO OO p e r pere C a ll us en th is 
B R A U N F E L S , O w ner fina n ced 
177 A cre fo rm near D evin e, 5*oo pe r acre. 28% down. 
684-4211 or /St 9943 
PIONEER REALTY 
42 o cre liv e eak h ills Jo in s huge ’ *> 4rne 149-2B4I 
$ A 224-7171 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C liff L e w is. R e alto r 

 ra nch , de e r-tu rke 
L ib e ro ! te rm s ilk 
S395 per a c re 
USL. 
IO A C R R S -W e st of 1684. E x c e lle n t s e ll 
IS y r. o w n e r fin a n c e C a ll 
34 9 2411, eve 341 1655_____________ loo A C R E S W ilean Ce ra n ch • is m in from S eg uin 84 a c re s coos ta t, 2o a c r e s w o o d e d . D o u b le m ob il* . S to ra g e sheds o n d hunt m g cabin $82,5oo 
R A N D O L P H R E A L T Y 658 53o1 
19.1 A c re s w ith little c re e k , n ice tre e s on d fro n tin g p a v e d re a d 
I $12,944 w ith nothing down. 
P I P E C R E E X R E A L T Y 695 3142 t i l A C S - C O C a b in , d .e g w ell 

CANYON LAKE 
3-2-2. w ith b e a u tifu l la k e v ie w 
F ir e p la c e w ith lo t s o f d e c k 
$$4,9oo. 344 3o71 - nites 696-o846 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY BBODP 

CANYON LAKE 
Two S a c re tra cts h ove a total of 
! USO ' ro a d fro n ta g e an F M 2673 u rn R ig h t en L a n ce Lan e . one be tw ee n S t a r k v ille a n d b a ttle r 

$7 A C R E S A bout IS m ile s N W of 
Loop 418, s m a ll house, w ater well, p a v e d re a d . T e rm s b v o w n e r. 
733-7141, 344-1433. 
P.M. FORR CO 

146 ACRES 
2 b e d ro o m hom e on d b a rn . E d w o r d s w e ll, f r o n t a g e an a ll w eather roo d L e ss m on S m ites O nly $48o per acre, fro m Loop 4IoW 
344-4261 
341-6166 
684 176o 
'#• A C R E S - K E R R C O C a b in , 
, w ell, barn. $*5o per acre. 

(9o1 
A C R E S • B L A N C O C O 
C re e k s , o a k !, f r o n t ! H w y 181 
A s k in g $$2$ per acre. l l 347 A c re s betw een Seguin and t 
Son Antonio, lu st out et B e x a r Co , I ISI A C R E S -JO H N S O N C IT Y Im- 

CONNALLY 
» e » i e s t a t e i n c 

 on p a v e m e n t. $145o p e r a c r e 
D A L E D Y E S S . R E A L T O R 2o6 S 
A u s t in , 
S e g u in . 
T x . 
7 8IS 5 

 p ro v td lake. cre ek s, v ery nice 
W E IR R E A L T Y 
Box 19o. B la n c o ,Tx 786o6 
O ’ ?) » » •« » » 

 and in clu d e s m ost of en* side af m o u n ta in 
S k y lin e A c r e w a te r s ystem an d e le c tric ity is a v a ila blo T h is Is tw o tra c ts an d bom 

6o o cre s 
B lu ff C reek ro n ch $395 $7 A CS. T re e s. C o a sta l, H un tin g per ae r* , g re o t h u nting , we w ill ic p b in $795 a c O w n e r fin a n c a d finance. 2o years, at 7%% sim p le Bobbie A n d e rso n , G R E I N C A M P interest, wtm a 5% down pa ym en t B E L L R E A L T Y , S A . O S O -Stll w ith e x c t p t ib le p e r s o n C o ll . t-3/9-3834. 
/ .jf - f H L ....... 
1 Bluebonnets ond I our el trees en 
144 A C R E E • E x c e lle n t w a te r, hance m is 179 pe re tra c t of land l l ta n k . la r g e o a k t r e e s , f r o n t s m ile s w est af Laao 418. In M e din a 

SACRIFICE 

378-TSJE 
S A ASE S l J i l 
379 3374, 379 2271, 379 2634 

BOERNE AREA 
N E W TR I L E V E L 
3 or 4 bedroom s, gla sse d Mi view overlooking hilt co u n try On cle a r 
Hewing creek, tow erin g o a k s ever tile d lu n d e cfc a n d w e e d p a ll* 
Q u ality b u ilt s h o w p la ce of ro ck w ith c e d a r ro o t fe a tu re s la rg e fire p la c e , m a r b le b a th , le ts et s to ra g e 
A s k in g 
$75,o88 
' I 1*9 2)32, 249 1381 

BOERNE AREA 
N ative rock 3-2-3 w ith I larg e Bv m g area with fire p la ce plus 19x38 gam e room. a ll on I eak covered acres $44,1o8. 

HELOTES 

BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
C u ff Lew is, R e alto r h 
L * m i n i 
C a n y o n L a k e . w a te rfro n t tat in 
V illa g e Shores, ap p rox 41 ocres. 
$14,o8o 
L o k e h o m e 
R e a lly 
I 944 HOO 
________________ 

C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B I L E L O T 
1o.ooo sq ti fan tastic view Pool, boat ra m p n e a r bv t'4 o o . *1oo down. 78 m o at U t 4) A P R 8% 
___________ a u m 
C A N Y O N L A K E — B Y O W N E R 
I a c re s en p a v ed ro a d o v e rlo o k mg lake, n e a r boot lau n ch Lots et tre e s, w a te r.e le c t r ic ity , w ill di- 

WQRID RUOF REALTY 
1 
Nor in sid e H id den Cr eek D ivism , m a n y b e a u tifu l tre e s. 143 $4 )o . 
617 1 
2 
8 
5 
________________ 

NORTHSIDE LOT 
O a k s tu d d e d , r e s id e n tia l le t in c h a le t n o r th s id e su b d iv is io n 
$35,888 to 165.888 H om es $6,95o w ith te rm s, bv o w n e r. 342-4111. 
341 3281 
________ 
O A K M IL IS G O L F C O U R S E I 

 county rd *3*o aor ce re 
188 A C R E S 
Som e coo stol. sam * cu ltivation ta m e n ative pasture, house and w ater w ell On b lacktop ro a d 
29 A C R E S - E x c e lle n t fa rm la n d fron tin g H w y t i l 
S A C R E S on H w y ISI b e tw ee n 
K a rn e s C ity an a Ken n edy. 

Dick Young B u l Estate 
K a rn e s City. T e x a s 
1 '.a m d a m n . 

So# s ig n en M id v a le , 
A i 

15 ACRES 
E a st of Beent# w ith 48x 7o m etal b a rn en c o n cre te sla b w ith sib 
, blet, fence, w ell ond septic system 

4 92 A cre s, new fence. w e ll, septic lank perm it, peed ro a d E le c t rie l ty. m c* trees S I8 4 M . 28% down 
28 y rs a l |V|% F a r S ale end F in 
• n e e d b y O w n e r , i t t - l f l i i n i m 
___________________________ 

Helotes Creak Ranch 
B eautiful hills, fan tastic view , a ll t r a c t s ilo s to s u it y o u 
E a s y te rm s, fin a n cin g a v a ila b le C a ll anytim e 2494*86. 24)4*41 

HILL COUNTRY 
7 a c re s w ooded, ro a d iro n in g * , e le ctricity, $38oo and assu m e $164 i J M J B Y M e n t Owitgr, MI-7S94 
HUI tao T ra ci, out M l N orth P rr vale lake, sw im m ing goal and port 
■ TV 5! 'UC -.ilk te rm s H E 1891 
N C M I Ort A C R E A G E situated rn P leasan to n, m is 3488 sq tt home it situated on a beau hfui approx 1 1 a e r* oak studded tat $45,88o For defoils, eau H e rb evenings 4152o98 

F o r sat* by o w n e r, SI a c re s in , 
. . 
_ 
. . . . beau tifu l M ill C ou n try located in V K*, fin a n ce 494 2727. 4V4 I93I 
NW U va ld e County 53ooo equity ond take over m o p a ym en ts C a ll 
Colonel Mote. 735 6)76 ____________ 

SCENIC HIU COUNTRY 
L a k e fro n t w ith 7 a c re s, equity and a s s u m e BIPS m o p a y m e n t P r o ­ p e r t y w o r th i i i , to t 
I 
$24,9oo O w ner )43 7594 

S O U T H : I bedroom . 2 bath. A ll w ith o u t th# u p k e e p S e le c t th is 

 b lo c k s u n d er $2o,ooo A ls o one on H ig h 
S ierra , looks dow n on city 
7)1 79(7 S T E V E M A R T I N 73$ oo15 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
H igh slopping b u ild in g sit* in a rc a of lin o h o m o s 
14$ fro n ta g e co voted with trees. 134 3233 

231 HIVES! H EIT PROPERTY 

NEW LUTING 
C o rn e r p ro p e rty , b e o u titu l tw o v a n ta g e s o f la k e s id e p r o p e r ty bedroom hom o, and sopor*!# af 
SA43tibJk4*B Abc ex m n (.o K r t 
I k ii 
Bt*-* Kiev teds new a.. ft*»t ljd.tt.ewi 

F I S H A R E J U M P I N G ! 
On m e C o lo ra d o a rm of L a k e L B J 
W hat b a rte r w ay is th e re to get your snore than lo own m is beau btu! J bd rm . I bom hom e w ith F P in the R iv e r O aks su b d iv isio n ort 
P o r k R d 4. O n a la rg e let w ith n s f c i- o i t"* * o1 » f* ra g # s h e d O n ly ISO a s k in g ort th e w o te r A ll the ad 

IH S a c r t t . C o m a t e s C o u n ty 
Fro n tin g on H w y 17. sandy loam , s c a t t e r e d liv e o a k . m e s q u it e trees, doer, $488 per o c ro O wner financed at 7%. 934-8 o 4 , 337-4927. 
I M / 1124 i i I A.T T , R I , H E s t a t e j 
28 A C R E S , H I G H W A Y F R O N < 
T A G E .. house, pens, w ell. coastal n e a r N ix o n $24,ooo C a ll: M C . 
R itchie, I $|2 tl5 8_______________ 

21 a cre s HIU cou n try G re a t hunt m g, tre e s, b e o u titu l view s. $$3o d ow n p a y m e n t, i l l 87 p e r m e. 
Owner h m m , eg I'git 7)4-/864 
$o A C R E S H u n ters d e lig h t near 
G a rn e r State P a rk , 
*qu lt» ond take e ve r pa ym en ts of $23) w ill fin a n c e ( g u lly ar ta k e s o ­ m ething in trad* tar e q u al value t _7» M 4 l Of t7»4K587 

SOUTHEAST 

O' a n e rly tor your h id e u w a y lu day o24 8171 
RED CARPET 

F t C la ik S p rin g s m e m b e rs h ip ana lo tly o a choose tot! $45oo k e n t 
I 
41) t E v e r g r e e n , W h e a to n ,lit 
491 941* N Cost)#~R#glty 7 )jV ^ 7 

L o V e rn ia School D is tric t 2 acres. 
O nly $188 Oown ond easy term s 
H B G R E A L E S T A T E , 917 744) 
S p a rklin g w ater on G uadalup e 
S F acros, cy p re ss pecan trees 

 hee bu ild in g , lo n o d B - " l" , id e a l tor s m a ll b u s in e s s B u s y street. att far MI.588 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -M o m A ve Ofc 
7)6-tm 

988 ACRES lf you ore looking tor near Uvalde. Tx with good water and excellent Knees. approx I mile at Hwy 98 hom age th is It I a r you * tt t u t . nitgs 
696-$387 

 se IWRW.IB! 
BILLY FELLOWS 

SPRING IS HEREI 
R E A L L Y enjoy it on two acres riv e rfro n t P ecan and C yp ress 

Pf't C L A K * . SPRINGS 
I m em bership 111 1*41 

HIGH ON WINDY HI! I 

 mmmi. i u n ? 
—* 
^ 

IO A C K S 
A DOU. HOUSE r and ItlftkS at#*# ii ieeaa Ut rf rn 
Jiiiniii iii|il^igi ^.WMuW,tn,,a%g,iKi l.SiiniiM „ 

 tre e s , ea r den s o il and lu sh 
•rassos right down lo me wide ■ I neon and clear Guadalupe Close view. paved streets hi North 
494 6/77 
R ebelt Smith 698 )8*1. 

M a io slic hilltop lot, panoram ic 
M 

 vlfA'UY M O R f ~ i W i ' 
Hew about p 4 bedi earn tar $ 154 a month sm all pawn 
L A A Real Estate 4)3 *998 

 welt mobil* ham*, m il and lank* univ l l mi tram Lorn) 41o a is* texas veterans land Avon 
344 43*8 
341 *644 
*96 4113 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C 

Brick 3 2 with Nap KC*, separate dmmu ream, an located en tarp* cor M f tot MW, 6*8 

AMASON REALTY 
1^3o9 8331 

CA II 33$ 166o 

LA BO E BU ILD IN G SITE 
I mu* north from Leap N W de sire d lo catio n , deep s e ll and wooded areg Water, electricity and phone Payments el $41 7* at 
I 7% sim ple interest o tter sm a ll 
Oowa pm! Los Petter. *7* 72*9 

S U B U R BA N SECLUSIO N 
I te a r eld. 11 1 with den. large guest house, stables Only $49.1*o w ith » a cre s, a d d itio n a l lan d ____ available, near Boerne, ort Hwy "■“T a # 
4*. 

 co u rse. B e a u tifu l clu b , cam p 
• IOU*Os. lovely Lake Travis pud m arina Niles 41* 8211 
D A Y OR NITE *16 6848 

*98 3787 
R o f m a d R e a lty 
87 nights A ) 

TTT u n * w A N t n a 
IMI N L ,M e n IO ( A l l 
• I 326- >666 
I x v e ils IN D M M I 

A 1 9 + A C . TRACT 
Leakey A rea H e a v ily wooded 
Good hunt!np-$2$8 down $73 48 mo Em ory Janes 736-4637 
™ B tW R * T 3 I f 
I hole poll on this i l l ac b la ck la n d term between S A mid New Bz guntets 
33 Home. Airstrip $t o88 per ac 
D E V A U L T A A side 34* 1477 

A b o u l^ I ttt*gct*e* ^onfy^TT m T north, w ith hem e, b arn , w ells, tanks, smaU croak, about $425 per a c re 
R a n c h 
M a r k e t ( S II) l i m a _____________ 
IN ISH IX V H I-ll N I W k 
( A l l 31$ 1 6 6 6 

•512 ACRES* 
L ittle S ig n e e R iv e r, w eekend house and peed hunting CaU M i choel Kotlik). 618-89*$. 

RANCH MARKET 

/ H t i h i i i t j i t * 

54 aer**, l l miles west af Trader u k s b u rg Beth sides F e m a le * 
River, IM year aid haul* two.*#* 
, 71/ 52o4481 

 i l i u m to A it tone WAHI ap in IMI I x v e t ss NI VSS 
( A il i n ieee 

Comity SIMO per per*. 924-8118. 
137-4827 
H Y A T T B E A L e s t a t e ____ 

BY OWNER l l Acres, house and out buildings. good location, between IH35 and 
IC ibato, no c a lls a tt 
9pm i - U t - t t r____________ 
C H IC K EN S , HOOS 
A N O C A L VB I can be raised un 
I m is 38 acres. Large 2 bedroom. 2 
(bam homo. ort 35 naar Devine 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
I— 
,_____rn m s______________ 
C h . W AH L R E A L T Y 
Good selection Farm s Ranches 
' I JT* 549 3 I 379 571o 
Seguin Tx 

COMMUTERS RANCH 
IM acres, oil or part, Oak Tree 
I covered land with scenic views 
Geed topsoil crook and natural tax# Located 12 m iles from Loop 
*18- Lew priced with goad terms 
L a r r y M acu n# . 494 5239 or 
344-5781 nit**. 
M IE DIAL ESTATE 
; 5.443 Goaded acres, 18 m inutes 
.from downtown S A . en divided 
D$ Hwy 1388 irrigated acres in 
! cultivation ar in coastal berm uda 
P ro p erty h igh ly im pro ved with 
„ fpaod potential tor development nm n i l ! ' ifhtnerols to ba conveyed Cho 
Poem s* A p ri Service. 2888 NSC 
» K * 
Son 
A n to n io . 
N B L if 
San 
A n to n ia , 
Ta i l l W 
W 
_______________________ 
O E V IN B A R B A , beoutitul brick on 2 $ acres. I bedroom. I bath, double carport. 1ox37 hying area mutt Ben Franklin hroptoce, tar ae 
I works hee, pond wed. paved read 
P rice reduce* 
H U G H ES A BRISCOE 
!»?**») B E A L TORA 
1-6435597 
EO W ABOS BAN CH R E A LT V 
Buy your tend from th# natives 
- f l ? l C B E B X TX 4958444 
Farm and Bgpcb L l lim os 

; 68 Acres ar torpor within *5 miles l l ) Acres M«din ; « i; ranch by 
A r ™ 
» '» » * W owner l l mU*t W pf S A Geed term s, w iller house S>5o a ire fur .rn.Mediate sui* Fenced .mo I seu u . o le 'o$ a c re t r a m g u ru 
••12JL.ll.1t* I'; LH WI 

 and beice* 
E D GOZA, RIALTO"* 
111 M cC u ke wan A ve , San Anton ie- To* . l f ; m $ , i n $381. 

• , o l M i l I i 

• I 
• S I 7 o 
• All Sill* paid 
• M a w r U S A A . U t S A 
M f d C e n t e r 

6 9 o - o o o 1 

 t o r o j i n 1 o w f s i 
• ( f i t W (AT (IMM ll 

225-1666 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
W ITHO UT 
RATE C H A N G E 

LINES 

DAYS 

232 f ARRS AWD RAUCHES 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — -Sunday March 27 I 9 7 7 
P age I 5^M 

APARTMENTS (WITCH 
4o4 APRRTMEWTS URFURM 
R E N T A L S 

4Q1 - APARTMENTSTURN 
APARTJJEWT^FURN 
TIME’S A’W ASTIN’! 
FOR LEASE BY 
LARGE 
BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS 
ROOM 
$21o to 
$ 2 3 o 

CAFH YELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 C O LD FIELD 
N e a r 
K e lly - L a c k la n d 
A F B r u r n i s h t ' d o r I i i i u r n i f h i d 
1-2-3 BEDROOM 
Single and Fam ily sections. All bills pd. Liaht- ed Sw im m ing pools, party room , 
5 
M in. 

W in d so r 
Park 
M all. 
15 
M in. heart of dow ntow n S a n Antonio. 

6 6 1 -6 6 6 o 
O ff 111 .'15. O n Kittim un 

' limited num ber of of Ii cienciej o n d 
I b e d ro o m opts 
Furnished or Unfur 
'rushed. N o w available 

P A R LIA M E N T SQ U ARE AREA: 
• 3,ooo tty. ft. or two 15oo *q ti. ureas, corner 
Parliament and Patricia Dr. 

58oo 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

R IT T M A N RD. AREA: 
• 11oo sa. ft. or two 9oo sq. ft. or eat. corner Bi man la. ond Thorndale St., next to Jiffy Mort 
High Ridged 

Hillside Apartments 
S211 fredericksburg 
341*8221 

B R O A D W A Y A LO O P 4To AREA: 
JEWEL BLDG. 9o33 AERO LANE 

 e MO to ti. wttk reception room ond 2 private offices with large filing cabinet erea. e Elegant Executive Suite 1514 *q- ti. with Pecan panel­ ing anet glass partitions, including 4 offices and specious reception room with coffee her and storage spoce. a I — 4o6 sq. ft. with reception room, coffee bor ond I private office. a 
12o tq.fl. Office 

'n acres with J bedroom , m obile home, 25 m iles north of San A n ­ tonio 
Call 
Bob Jones Realtor, 
533-7163____________________________ i.fe.- 5 OC. horse posture, stables. 
G ross, woter, 333-2761 333-4847 
GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Ju st o ff B r o a d w a y a n d L o o p 4 1 o , C lo s e to 
C ro w n T o w e r B ld g .) 
• LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. 
• REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
• Home like atmosphere • Porty house 
• Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
• Also 2 bedroom ap*s. 
85 35 GREENBRIER 
828-4 2 oo 

I BABCOCK VILLA APTS. 
3o19 Fredericksburg Road 
A EFFICIENCIES, 
I, 
2, 
3 
B E D R O O M 
I APTS. Convenient living at moderate 
J prices ranging from $ 1 55 . to $365. 
A Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis Courts. 
I FURN. O R U N FU RN . RATES. 

F u lly d e v e lo p e d 5 to IO o c r e trocts Streets, w ater, e le c t r ic ^ a nd telephone, 5 m ile s north of 
F lo resville Oft U S IS I 

321 a c r e s . S a n A n to n io . R iv e r frontage, a rou nd bock half of en­ tire a crea ge P ecan trees on rive r bottom M o d e rn 3 bedroom house, outbuildings, pens and etc. Beau titul b uy 3 m ile s w est of F lo r e s ­ ville. iust oft State 97. 

9 A C R E S A 7 p R ? > x ! T T 6 r t h S ID E 
Ideal apt. or n u rsin g hom e site. zoned apt -resid. G ood term s 
341 4455 R E A L T O R SN lies 4*4 79o6 
B A R N E B F Y A G E N C Y 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private odult and family 
(action. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodstont Privt 

LOOP 41o & AIRPORT BLVD AREA 
• Choko silos adjacent to McAllister Freeway, tor ing 1-1, East Chulie St. Will build to suit. 

H IO B S T R E E T 
M Y B T T E L T S C H IK 
Flo resville 393 25*4 

I IO A C R E S fron ts on U S t il in city lim its of F lo re sv ille . H a s a 
13oo sa ft b uilding w hich is a fully e quipped b a r lo u n g e . patio ond covered B B G in bock 
E v e n in g s 393-2215 

G R A S S F IL L S 
O ld la n d m a r k to r s a le 
W h i­ tehouse Cote in downtown F lo re s­ ville. 2 story brick building, cafe dow nstairs, ro o m s u p sta irs Lot size 5o* 1*o 

W ill le ase for h oy b a lin g on shares, tenant m ust sign con ­ tract 
M o n d a y th ru F r id a y 
7 3o to 4 P M , 623-141o 
W e ’ll fin d y o u r s , fre e . 

O M N 7 OAT* A W W 
OFF* CC* TM BOOKHOUT TULA* 
3121 H W . LOOR 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

Of R K T C O t M S P O N D M C f TO 
4123 N. C IM T * A I IXP W Y 
DALLAS. T U 7(2X54 

35 C E N T S P E R F T 
6oo SO F T 
IN C L U D IN G U T IL IT IE S , N E A R 
M E D I C A L C E N T E R . C A R P E T ­ 
E D . P O O L. C A L L 699-1133 R U S S 
S T E V E N S . R E A L T O R 
E X C E L L E N T O F F IC E S P A C E * 
V a lie v H i E x e c u t iv e C e n t e r a c r o s s V a lle y H i D r i v e f r o m 
V o lle v -H I M a ll 
A v a ila b le bt 5o cents per sa ft Will alter to suit your requirem ents Fo r view ing, call 673 5o*3 A N Y T IM E 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
I BEDROOM 
WITH 
BONUS ROOM 

* 2 o 5 . t. s2 2 5 . 

J 5.6 BEAUTIFUL ACRES ON * 
I 
SAN ANTONIO RIVER Z 
Z IW O Blk Probendt Street. 61o ft J 
T fronting rivet 
There is no other . 
? trod this size or this choop (loser * 
J to downtown 
Zoned 
J corn 
J merdol 
Fnce 3S< per sq ft, J 
J Terms 
Ideo) for dub, porty J 
J house, doctor s dime. religious J 
J organization, restaurant, etc 
"* 
J 
CARLOS SANCHEZ 
J p 
E xc lu sive A g e n t g 
* 
2 2 2 -1 o 9 2 
* b A 
A b b b b i r t k b b * * * 

NORTHWOOD 
L & i j p V n i 
APARTMENTS 
F R O M 

M i 
. 
1 1 8 6 . . $3 9 9 

O P E N 
HOME OF THE 
Sat. I o a.m. to 5 p.m 
BIG O A K S 
Sun. I p.m. to 5 p.m. 
8315 N. VANDIVER 
826-5531 
OFF LOOP 41o N.E. 

H IO B S T R E E T 
M Y R T T E L T S C H IK 
Floresville 393 25*4 
SA 227-6744 
E v e n ln g t 393 22'5_________ 
22 A C R E S IN H E L O T E S , n e a r p r o p o s e d r a n c h to w n . Id e a l business location. Call 434-2341 tor m are Into. 

1 , 2 , a n d 3 b e d r o o m 
Apts. 
F u r n is h e d o r 
Unfurnished. 

12o gre at h unting a cre s, S 179 5o per acre. 5 % down paym ent, 7Jx % sim ple interest with 2o ye ar term s a v a ila b le , c a ll for in fo rm a t io n 
734 7944____________________________ 

F E O *! 

H IL L C O U N T R Y N E A R 
K E R R V I L L E 
4 bedroom . 2 bath, lodge, tennis c o u r t 
O n 25 a c r e s o r m o re 
51oo,ooo I *66 3471_________________ 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 
R A N C H 
Near Junctlon-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks 
G ood barns, corrals, fences. Lots of gam e M ile of paved ro ad Iron togo Like new b rick 3 B R . 2 bath, f ir e p la c e 
S3 2S P E R 
A C R E 
T E R M S 
Philip O W ard EL A sso c 
Houston (713)424 3o71 
IO h ill c o u n t r y a c r e s . In la r g e ranch, good hunting, deer, turkey, ia v e lin a s. S3oo d ow n p a y m e n t, 
546 39 per mo Fin an ce bv ow ner 
Call tor inform ation 734-7964 

11721 Parliament 
349-3149 
* 1 9 4 . Monthly 
Studio, I -2 bedroom* 

N O U A S I 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PEJS 

WARRAN HOUSE 

3 2 2 3 N W . L o o p 4 1 o 

Tin Hoof plans to choose horn for exquisite odult living All bills paid 
Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bor B 
Que grifts, 
Kemah ors, hee 

 plores and beamed ceilings 

R E A L T O R S 

2 Bedroom , t Bath. ( D P 
3 Bedroom 2 Both. 15oo sa ft 53oo 
The location Is so c o n v e n ie n tly located a se. ond fam ily cor is not needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Slo r M alt 
7o2 B IR C H L E A F , 142 o3*5 

THE 
GREENHOUSE 

I BEDROOM 
TOW NHOUSES 

FROM $185 

72oo S PRESA 

532-7389 

I D E A L F O R C O N T R A C T O R S 
H om e site ond e q u ip m e n t y a rd 
Priced lo sell 4*4 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Realty 

IU n il le d " 
N ortheast A rea 
"H e r e 's a ood B u y ! " Coll 
226-*3S7 
342 933* 
344 9424 
THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unforgetoble a s its nom e 
1 B E D R O O M 514o 
2 B E D R O O M . 1215 
U T I L I T IE S P A I D 

8 2 4 - o o * 1 , 8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 
V IL L a < 5 I"o A k s a p t s -------- 
1-2 Bedroom s, ond Efbcle nces 
U T IL IT IE S P A IO 
6o11 N New B raunfels *26 4747 
36i o9 is W M agno lia 
A p a rt m e n t s tra m 51oo a n d up 
N eor SA C , convenient shopping. bus lines Coll 733 9*57_______ t *31 W 
T r a v is , 4 ro o m s, bus, school, by Centeno I >44 7995 

Real E stole 
3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 
^ u m 
K p s A v i l l a 
P»«! A PW ITT 
I Sr T S w - 
* 
1.34 o cre s on raiiro o d Exte nsive developm ent in area IS* frontage on N aco gdo che s Zoned b usin e ss 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E *2 * 7571 
A P P R O X 2 A C R E S 
3 mi out Of 
City lim its on IH37 So. $4oo down. no r e s t r ic t io n s , e a s y t e r m s 
924-6466, 423 1932 
_____________ 

1o362 SAHARA DR. 
349-2617 
H ill c O u n try -K e rrv llle o re o 2So a cre s P o rtly gam e proof fenced 
W o u ld m a k e e x c e lle n t e x o t ic ga m e ran c h Wilt stock and m o n ­ ocle for you E xce llen t white tall d e e r h u n tin g $175,ooo W ill fin ­ ance I *66 34/t____________________ 

F U R N . * U N F U R N . 

 family & Adult Sections 

J Pools 8 Playground 

R e n t a l* ( t a r tin g a t 
$ 1 8 5 
In c lu d in g U tilitie s 

P A I N T E R $ M I L L 
52oo BLANCO 
349-2222 

R 
WAKEFIELD STARDUST 

 i 
APARTMENTS 

^ 
Ideally located on builtin 

M 
I, J. and 3 bedrooms SISO to 
USO On Hector 
^ ocross horn North Slot Moll 

1 1 
I S M W A K IM !IO 

 m 
144-A SSI 

• 
It At I afront 
ADULT LIVING 

MONT DOOR NUS SM YK! 

1 - B E D R O O M , S I 7 o . 

2 - B E D R O O M , $ 2 o 5 . 

 root, u m u ifs to c io s i to 
SHOTTING ({NTLI ANO TOSI 

 o m a 

B A N D E R A R D 
2 odioinlnq properties. IOO' fro n ­ ta g e e a c h 
B u y one or b o th . 
494 52*1. 494 2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 

 b i g b r i c k 
H om e -o ftlce, 3-3-2-oH ice G o o d plan-conversion Paneled, terrato floors N aco gdo che s 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 62* 2521 
C H O IC E B U S IN E S S L O C A t lb N 
2' i ocres, 41x36 ga ra ge tor heavy equipm ent, la rg e sto ra ge area. office ond m odern living quarte rs 
Fenced Ro b erta White S3 J 7143, nites 333 (763 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

• leouty Shop 
J 
• Souno Rhnipooi 
• tenon (ouch 3 peon 
• I,od lire ,Tinge,aion 
• IO Bwuies •« 
Downtown 

TURTLE CREEK 

EFFICIENCIES- 
CABANAS 

Starting at $16o. 

All 4l*<tric kitchen 
Outside storage 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

 f i y 
696-451o 

Between IH1o and IH35. *o o cre s coastal cross, horse b arn with 2o s t o lls . in d o o r a r e n a , liv in g qua rte rs P iu s outdoor a re n a and 
15 a d d itio n a l stolls. ra n c h style home, 2 bedroom 2 tanks. Add) ttonal a c r e a g e o v ilo b le 
T a x e s only 5381 a year 
D O R IS H U N S IC K E R 344 9936 

4o32 I- Sauthcross 

337-5242 
• 4o6 HOMES, DUPLEXES 

• 
_ _ _ _ FURNISHED 

A cro ss Kelly. I bedroom , clean, private (82. W oter pd 4J(-et*4 
A v a ila b le A p ril Isl. k W T t i ' , i] 
IOX I* pool, fenced, good furniture, appliances. I ye ar leo so (JA * m o 
SIOO deposit 454 47o5 
B ao ch o io r pod. I b d rm c o la g e . 
Oir, tencod for pets, SIOO 
Umtod, 734-9121. fop (426-31 
714 6 A ) l A V , Southside. I ro om 
I dup child welcome. *2o2131 
) bedroom. 2 both. la rge Pen. air. tencod SISO 434 444* 
' B e d ro o m d u p e x. c o m p le te ly turn oir, dropes, carpet, repaint od inside, sh a d y b ack y a rd G o rope Woter pd Y a rd kept tdeol tor students or m ilitary, no pots 
S H S p lu s d o g C o u p le s o n ly 
Located on John Pone Or., near 
Je ffe rso n V illa g e C a ll 735 43o9 
Ofter S P M _________________________ 

K E N D A L L C O U N T Y 
21o A c re ro a c h n e o r K e n d a le . 
Tex C le ar ru nn in g C y p re ss lined stre a m , n a tiv e p e c a n , fe nced , barn. w indm ill, goo! shed. deer, turkey, fish 9 A cre fenced field 
Beautiful bldg site One of the few 
P ic tu re B o o k " sm a ll r a n c h e s left' L o w dow n, o w n er finance. 
P ossible option on re m a in in g 7oo acres. SHOO per acre. T M. E d w ards, i t s IS H or 6*1-1(74 
Boe Cope, 495 697o or 695 *174 

3813 W IST AVE. 
344-772o 
N O W LEASING 

SOUTHSIDE OFFICES, 
WAREHOUSE, 
AND INDUSTRIAL SR ACI. 
PRIME LOCATIONS 
CALL STEVE MILLER 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 A 3 B o d r m . 
Apts. 
All IWctru Kitcbsns. 

Outside Storage N S. Schools 

^ 
4411 Gardendale 

E J 
6 9 6 - 4 8 9 2 

C O M M E R C I A L C o rn e r d u le b ro and B o n ru s 14,ooo sa ft Zoned 
I ) W E S L E Y R E E D , B R O K E R . 
142-6669 after 6pm 
C 6 M M l R d f t L f r k 6 f f e R T Y — 
Inve sto rs. S4 acres, frontage on 
Loop 41o O w ner anxiou s 
S A N T E X CO., Realtors 

_________ 653 o47,o 

C O M M E R C IA L C O R N E R 
• General McMullen • 
Between J o sse s ond G ulf M ort. 
F o r quick sole. priced ot 525.ooo 
*24 12o2 or *24 2147 

£ 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
* • 
* 

; LA PLAZA* 
• 341-4621 • 
^ • I 2 3 Bedrooms 
£ 

M 
• Single o nd Funnily 
A 
' 
Sections 

. w 
• (d e p lo re s 
H P 

'^ 8 * Tennis 
^ 

• 115 HW LOOF 41o * 
# 
Across from 
% 
# 
North Star Mall % 

» 
« 
____________________________________ l a k e M c Q u e e n e y 
AW O M F C f S P A M 
'« 3 * ' “lh * H o n lo g * 2 b ed ro o m 
A IN U UT M O L O r A b l coho#*. I both. Uvm a d ining with 
Att s it e s to m eet a n y need A ll fireplace. boot house. t '» a c re s o re o s of S A E rn e st Soble C om 
,re, covered Could divide N eo r m erciol Prep. 349 3639 c ,ub to k e 
B reeze 
Ow ner. 
1139-4 B a s s e R d 
N e w re d tile 
651-131o fire proof building. (7 o * sa ft of w areh o use dr light m a nu ta ctu r- f ij i 
. A PA R T M E N T !) H IR N m g L a rg e Office olso 494 5o4* or 
" 
H m m W i m p H H H ! 

ADULTS ONLY 
226-354/ 
423 N M a in ond 211 Son P e d ro 
E ffic ie n c y tis . I b ed roo m 5/S 
R e ta il a n d st o r a g e I, *o o 7,ooo jig M ad ison $7o $95 
$a ft IO cen1$ to IO cents per sa ft 
....... 
AH ar part Cal, 174,71 1 1 73.2.59o9 
^ jj 
S O U t h S ld e 

D O W N T O W N , 112 N a v a rro . Is l 
___ ___ 
Floor. I block Tran sit Tower, 125o 
C 1 7 7 I I D 
H IR A I 
Sa Ft, office or retail w oodruff. 
O I C * , mu. I U lm . 
49o *99*. 223 (453 
B ro a d new e le gan t e fficie n ce s, 
— 
C l"" : U D A n r C V i 11 "■ 1 k lr ic — 
o o ° '' * h o ® coeopt. bio c lo se ts. 
E L D O R A D O V I L L A G E fa n ta stic k itc h e n R o b in s N e st 
1241o N aco gd o che s R d . finished 
Apf 534 Hot W ells B lv d 513 o511 re ta il sto re fo r le ase , a p p r o x 
« 
- ■ 
1 ■■■ 
1 ■■■ 
1,ooo Sa FT., Beautiful ponei and a d t c 
F U R N I S H E D carpet *27 932* r y n n i z n c u 

H O T T E S T u 's f b C A R L O T In 
To w n ' $3oo per m o P ro v e n tor 7o ye ars- H u r r y ' 35o2 C u le b ro Rd 
735 o941, N iles *96-7777 ___________ 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 
NORTHEAST 
L A N D F O R L E A S E N W 
B A B C O C K R O 12o A C R E S 
|\» l«r*r»oc© 

 p a n t m o n f s 

F e n c e d w ith p e n s M o n d a y t h r u F r i d a y 7:1 o to * P M 
421 141o 
G R E A T A M L R I C A 
C O M P A N I A S 
COUNTRY LIVING 
CITY CONVENIENCE 
‘125 n>. up 

L O V E L Y H O M E . 3 b e d ro o m , 2 baths, fireplace, and central heot 
On L la n o R iv e r. 2o A c re s G ood condition $65,ooo 774 54o4________ 
M O F F E T T L U M B E R CO 
( F A R M A R A N C H R e alto rs* 
"D e p e n d ab le Since 1*JS'' 
4o7 N Zorzom oro, 437 7**1 

B rin g the k id s ' I bdrm , all b ills pd. 517o. CP. ya rd for pets 
United 735 9121 fee (479 11 
Close to alii I b drm coh o ae. air- heat. yard kid s pets 5(2 
United 735 912) tee <49*2) 
1717 Culebro. reo r furnished apl 
545; sem i fu rn ish e d house, 5125 
Woter paid only M f 1479 
H ector J Herbeck Inc . R e alto rs 
Deluxe traitor turn. 3 bedroom . 2 both $775 mo 4*1 o5o1 
2o2 Forest V olley (L o c k la n d K ei ly) I I oir tenre. 5145 l l s 7913 
F o r le a se r bv ow ner turn 
I be droom , 2 b a m select n o rth sid e home Cot! *21 7494 
Fully carpeted okie. I bArm kills pd 5*5 SISO 733 4791 473 4756 
F u lly tu rn ro ck h om e in ( os>e 
Estates. 3 7 2, huge fam ily ro om with fireplace, tarp* fenced yard. 
HOO sq ft 4*4 o139 for opp! only 
It no answer. I 762 16o5 S H I mo 
F urn F our rn, M « „ i, home air. 
S H S m o 
N e c h ild re n . N o pets. water ond lot paid 673 33o* 
Guest 
Nous#, i lls p aid.1- S U I. 
34 2 o 7 7o 
• i i i klilltdole (L a c k la n d , k e lt s I 
( I , oir, fence, ( I i * *14 7913 
Large room in sp aciou s I 7? close 
St M a r * s U. own entrance both. 
53o wee* *34 7154, 223 695o 
P riv a te m o b ile hom e. I b d rm , corpef, cent air heot, sits ' > 
United 715 I I H fee (41* 3) 
R e n ta l n eor t r o o p s A F B F e r ­ m ined efficiency m obile duplex, bills pd Only s i l l . a ir condition m g 
Coll 
Bob 
Jones. 
533-7343. 
Realtor 
5 moll lom iiy ’ J bdrm . heal cor pet. dbl* so , ope fenced, $145 
United 735 t i l l fee 1*16 ll 
Students dig I n . s " 7 b drm ga ra ge apl, 57o. bills pp, h u rry 
United 735 f il l , lee I AS J 7> 

LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 
824-6661 
THE CHELSEA 
824-8226 
ROYAL GEORGE 
824-8226 

CAU FOB APPOINT K l NT 

(41 N St M a r y s 4 clean room s. air. Pus, stores $35 wk 514o mo bills pd 724 o*29 733 *2*o 4*4 o*34 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
54o2 B IE N V IL L E D R Oft W eidner rd M ode rn I Bedroom . *53 1**3 

$61 d U E M E T T E ------------ 
O utstanding potential. 23,ooo sa ft of lond, 57oo sa.ti ot rentable of bees or stores C orner lot. 595,ooo. 
655-7711, *24-1791 
T A N G L E W O O D R E A L T Y 
D U N G O A N D H A C K B E R R Y 
Zoned B l. fronts 2 streets 
Lot (OSO sq ft plus bldg 
E x tra storage, owner c a rry 
W A T S O N B SO N R E A L T O R S 
2274227 
*2 * 1242 
455 *546 
£ x f n T B W n N v e s t M < h n bedroom house plus mobile hom e pork on nearly 25 a cres Coll Jim tor details 
532 3252 
N iles 137 **23 
F o r S o l* B v ow ner 
18x15o Ft . com m ercial lot, between I HIO and 
F re d e rick sb u rg R d , 715 271o 
6 6 o 6 6 A A 6 A T U N I T Y n 'o T T w are and lum ber in M ed ino L ak e a re a Ow ner will finance 
4*4 4211 or 751 9941 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
KTe O T kETi m .rT ------ 
H o u se on c o r n e r IM 3 5 a c c e s s. 
Rebuild or convert to shop, office 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E *2 * 2511 
H O M E R E N T A L 
) units, c o lo n ia l style h o m e in good rental are a N e o r college 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E H i 2511 

 low Rant 
SINGLE LEVEL 

FURNKHfD UNFURNISHCD 

6 5 6 - 2 1 1 6 
7 1 o 6 G I o n Terrace 
Close lo Randolph AFB 

N E A R P L E A S A N T O N IO to 5o 
A c r e s w ith u tilitie s a v a ila b le 
B ru sh , m esquite, coastal or culti­ v a tio n S55o p er o c re up L o w down. Iona term s. 
T E X A S V E T L A N O S I S to IS m iles S A 
N E A R F L O R E S V I L L E IS to 7* 
A cre s Irriga tio n well. pum p, mo tor a n d la rg e pit 
Id e a l fish or t o r m in a 
T E X M A C R E A L T Y . 
S A 724 oo( 1. ofter h o u r * Ploo- 
.o n io n I 549 33*2 
N E A R P O T H 
ISO o c re s plus good house, co o ilo i and pasture, public w aler. 7 stock ponds A steal at (SSO per acre 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
*21 33*3___________________ 471 3771 
N ew B ra u n fe ls Hill C ou n try P ro party Sc heel A A ssoc Realty 447 
S Seguin N B ra u nfe ls *75 * o 's 

R IT T IM A N R O AT IH 1S 
T H E F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
656-1oo1_____ 

6 5 3 -7 3 o o 

ID E A L L O C A T IO N 
I Bedroom unturn 51*5 
2 Bedroom s. U nturn S H S 
U T I L I T IE S P A ID 
715 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
824 9871 

HILL TOP VILLAGE INC. 

HILLTOP CIRCLE 

KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 

512-257-7911 

4 Methodist Ministry t* th* agt nj. 

 providing 3 Mirth of caf* (tin t ment, K H I, K f III 
It beemen! lofts itortmg et U 9 I month Nun mg rotes starting et U I S month 

APTS. F U R N I S H E D 
Ail at our apartm ents have large p a t io s o r b a lc o n ie s fo r y o u r plants Storage ro om s with e very a p a r t m e n t a n d lo t s of c lo s e t space 2 bedroom , I author 2 be droom 7 baths, Call tod a y' 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1541 Babcock al N W Loop i t * 
34 H I M 
J ro om gu e st h o u se 
R a n d o lp h prep 595 *2 *o 4 4 3 ___________ 
R O O M M A T E n e e d e d to s h a r e apartm ent 344U I S 
SAC. T R IN IT Y A R E A 
3 B lks M etropolitan H osp ’> blk bus. 3 room s, fre sh paint, (125 bills pd No pets, children 521 E 
Courtland, i i i 44*o i i i f i6 ff f " I *-bed room *. 'M T T 
M itchell N eor bus 
224 7(4o 
934-o7*4 
A M E R IC A N R E A L T Y 
Sm all efficiency near town. (A C . 
39o. plus dap 735 Ie3* 
Sru, loos J ond i te d I porns laeul for young m a rrie d s with a sm all child The B oardw alk otters I be d roo m s unturn tor 529o 2 pouts, club room and la u nd ry Close to 
W onderland ond Control P o rk 
353* W e*! A ve nu e 349 42o3 
B u rry G ittm gwoter Co 
Sp a c io u s i I,-droom ." n ear S A E " fully turn carpeted, air, no chit aren or pots, water paid, S U I me 
I 735 *77* 
Studio apt A d ult* t i l l 11M c k in icy 534 *5*o after I 
33)6 i w M ilita ry, turn. m obile home, otr, m ilitary. 5)15 922 *911 

Realtors 
Stoa Broadway 
E24-4So7 

New 12,ooo SO A metoi insulated warehouse. I blk from downtown, 
IH 37 Heated, vented, dock high. 
9.ooo sq ti tcnced p a rk in g Offices to suit ideal tor p arts distributer. drop shipping, storage. etc 
1274317___________________________ 

E fflu en ce s, I 2 and 3 b ed roo m s. turn or unturn 533-13oo___________ 
59* 56 Fu rn ishe d b ed room A a l 
Air, 2 B lk s Kelly C all A n y D a y Or 
N ight 7 o rn 
IO o rn 922 o434 
5131 Fu rn ishe d I B ed room A pl*, 
Air, C all A n y B o y or E v e s 7 3o 
A M 
9 P M 313-1*51 
I O R N U N f ii'g 'H" u t ilit ie s ad. sh ag . 7 pools. $1*5 u p P ain te rs 
M ill 52oo B lanco 349 2271_________ 
G a ro a r Apt Single W o rking M an 
Only No Pets. B ills Paid. S IS me 
736 o*o9 
G oodw in Apts. 12o/ and in g, cen 
Ita l air, 3 2 a cd roo m s. $2oo bills paid 341 S i l l ______________________ 

B A N D E R A and E V E R S R D 
H I D D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
484-3311 

I F Y O U Q U A L I F Y 

1 Bedroom I B ain $142 (1*9 
2 Bedroom I Bath 5IS9 S i l l 
I Bedroom I Both 5179-5244 
All Utilities. C ontrol Air and Heat, 
R e frig e ra to r. R a n g e . D isp o sa l. 
D raperies. TV A nlonno. Storage 
U nits ond M o re A p p ro xim a te ly 
IS M inutes from M ilitary B o t e l 
924o41* 
2914 Roosevelt A ve 

• 7 '» A c r e s 
C o u n t y R o o d tw o sides, creek, tank well B ig O ak 
Tree s Sell all ar port 
F o r Sale i and financed bv ow ner if$ 4 *o $ . 
495 37o5________ __ 
7(1 N o r t h 
115 A c r e s , o a k s , 7 w e lls, fe n c e d , c o t ta g e , p a tio , sp rin g led lake. deer, ne ced ar 
O w ner 6*4 17$7 ___________________ 
O U T Su lp h u r S p r in g s R d 
36 45 o c re s. P e rfe c t tor a h om e a n d h o r s e s 
W E S L E Y 
R E E D 
B R O K E R 341 4449 Atter 6pm 
P E O P L E A R E L O O K IN G 
C a sh in new. fa rm and ran ch list m g s w onted D ista n c e ne p r o b ­ lem Coll n e w ' 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14*1 
P IP E C R E E K T X 
U n iq u e I# o c r e * an p e rm a n e n t s p r in g fed c re e k 
B ig s p r in g - p r iv a te not in a d e v e lo p m e n t 
T e rm s Jim Taylor *74 4*9* 
— R A N C H L A N D S — 
I and F o r All P u rp o se s 
H o 7 F ila m e n t. 7*213 
344 9934 

A sto ria 
1o3*3 S A H A R A 344 61*1 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
N ear San F ra n c isc o Steak Haute 
O ffice W a r e h o u s e s p a c e C a ll 
Sandy 
49o-*996. w eekend* 
I W I W , 
O f f i c e w a r I h 6 u s e N o rth side. cLo se to airp ort 
135/ sa tt. 
J IM V IA R E A L T O R S 349 427s 
2 retail stores. HOO F re d e ric k s - b u r g P d ( c o r n e r ) *3 o o . 
1*1 4 
F re d e rick sb u rg R d S22S 344 o746. 
342 oo44 

15oo 
Sa 
Ft 
B u l lg i n e 
N E p re v io u sly w a re h o u se , c a b in e t shop. S U S m o ess oo*7 
4OOO sa ti w arehouse, near town. 
14o F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d . S3So 
344 o746, 342 DOM 
W a r e h o u s e o r s h o p on alley c h e a p e st in T a w n i t.e o osq Ft rear 324 A r a n s a s O w ner *22 oo92 

Sunshine 

 i ^ m 
M i 

EFFICIENCIES 

I J 3 Bedroom fla ts to 
Bed roo m T o w nhouses 

3 1 I S F o r k d o lp 

 f » T 
6 9 6 - 3 4 9 9 

W e hove ti diHerent floor p ion s to chaos from W olk in closets, bon tries patios Call C ory 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at N W Loop 4io 
341 222* 
SZO (3,lls pp e H ic ie u cy . p i tie r single person 732-473* 
Central Northw est, rodec or ate’!, r e fu rn is h e d sp a c io u s . I b d r m opt. In cle an 4 p ie s 
S e * to op prociale M atu re adults no pets 
5175 P lu s dep and re fe re n c e s 
Woter -parage Inc! 172 7212 
( L O S E It? O F * s l i J P E D B S " 
E a r n e ffic ie n c y opt a ir c o n d i 
I,oiled b ills od A d ult*, ne pet* 
H E *. H 3 A W I 
C e ra l 4 u n d i I S I * MF 
C o n to u r. 
( E a s t of 57oo S e n P e d r o ! A ir. pool wptor pard. 2 B ed roo m turn 
SIPP I Bedroom SIPS *24 7911 
D u p le x. C o u p le only." B ills Od southnde, W 
9*24 
Efficie nces. a ir, bus, sh o p s (Jo wk SU S mo up Bills pd Section 
4 534 34o1 434 9*45 
IO/ F iiH t.-i r bedroom ; shag. 
Oir, I H S 127 o*oo. 735 445* f m o v the g e n tle p a c e a 1 the 
B o a r d w a lk 
S p e n d y o u r a f t e r ­ noons cnaitm g with friends d u rin g o pom e of b rid ge Close to w on d e rlg n d o r C e n tra l P a r k M a ll 
Catch a bus It anyw h ere Join our com m unity where all a ge s sh arp the good Ute 
3514 West A ve nu e 149 42o3 
B o rry G illinp w oler Co 
E xtra lorge I bedroom , uir. g a r ­ age, S i l l 7J4-22So. 142 SIO) 

Clean, large turn apt t>< t e r m s 
S U I per mo. dep SIO w ater pd e*4 17*3. 731 2222__________________ 

2* a c re 
' i d e v e lo p e d w ith t i * spoces 54o.ooo cosh flow plus de­ preciation O w ner c a rry (2 * S ilt, 
S t r o u d e r N e ls o n B e p it y 
M o de rn 44oo sa h bldg 
Show room , offices. I truck doors. 
S e c u re o u tsid e sto ra g e , p le n ty p arkin g M otor thoroughfare, e x­ cellent trgew av access 
Adams, Halter ft McBride 
Inc. Realtors 
733 8182 k i l l J A I t A e t m ' I n -------- 
C O L IS E U M 
7NO SO It building and *9,ooo sa. ti of fond All or port ot 2*42 S 
Houston 
N E A R L O O P 41o ond R IG S B Y 
I lots ond buildings. SI 2. SM . S S M down 
N E A R 
Z A R Z A M O R A and 
SO 
L A R E D O 
(m att lot aud building. HO,OOO 
G B G O N Z A L E Z 
*77 $8*4 
474 777o 
N E A R L O O P 41o A R IG S B Y 
I leis and buildings, ( ll.S M . SSM down 111 5**4 
G B G O N Z A L E Z 474 721o n e w s h 6 p p i n g c e n t e r W.lh 
1 1 % r e t u r n on 5 3 o o M 6 c a s h down B ra ke r Se rious prin ciple s only P O Box 174o9, S A 7*21* 

2 3 3 H O W A R D 
I B lk 
M e t r o p o lit a n H o s p ita l. 
M ed ica l P ro fe ssio n a l B ld g B o p fist H o s p it a l o n d M a in B a n k 
L arge I ond 2 b ed roo m s Adults. no pots 

^ T X I S T n T S r ^ T H r ^ m T r n s T ^ 
Own your own hom e Som e only 
51oo d o w n 1 N o c re d it* N o p ro p tem ' 977 17o4. 473 4714, 47* 75o9 
F A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A B ld 4 bedroom 2 both fenced, central heot a ir $275 m o Coli 
IN T E R S T A T E * 2* o755 til I pm 
A Choice et 3 4 B oxro o m h om e s lo rent L o o se w ith o p tion to b u y 
Own your hom e N O W ’ 119o to HOO mo 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
*9o *99o E v e s 4*6 MOS. 34 7 7 7 1 2 

2 B ed roo m s oir heot SUO Water pd Patio IS * E l M io 4o1 l r ' 
No 
POH 341 *444 494 547* *14 4 2 It 
M o d e rn io rge apt. p ortly untur rn shed, en b us lino. bills pd t i l l 
W F r e n c h 
(1 1 1 m e 
144 1471 
B trn n e r Ce________________________ 

•.OOO sa tt new m a so n ry b uilding tor sole. nea r e xp re ssw a y, easy term s tar strong buyer. 
9.ooo sa It . M a so n ry building tor lease, month to month or tone term 
4.5oo sa ti tor lease 
P f A C O C K R E A L T O R S >24 Q SII 

226 8492 
4*4 *4oo R a n c h e s 4o127*4 
R I V E R B O T T O M F A R M 
321 acres, over I mile San Antonio 
R iv e r frontage E xce lle n t I pre d ro o m . 7 both h o u se , c o n ce tto b lo ck b a rn , go o d o u tb u ild in g s, sh e ds p ens etc F ra n ts on State 
H w y 97 I m ile s w est of F lo re s 
Ville, outstanding buy at 4 *M pgr acre 
M IN I R A N C H H O M E S IT E $ 
F u l ly d e v e lo p e d S to I * a e r o trocts Strppts, w aler, electricity and telephone It m ile * from 416 

2fC n o r t h 

A P A R T M E N T S 

C ou n try liv in g in the City bedroom Apts now tv olio b k furnished at Untunuihod 
6 m iles north of lo o p 4 IO o n B o t * ck Ii turn let* at Springtim e 
6 S 4 2 Soring Branch 
6 9 o -1 4 6 o 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S * 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2911 E S O U T M C R O S S 
5)4 4*o4 
M F T r 6 h 6 'u s ¥ _6 6 w n Y d w ~ 
M O D E R N C F P t C IE N C V F U R N 
*17o to S U S 111 ETH ST 226 7133 
B ra rd new w arehouse 45 M sa It at Ile per sa It 26 ll ceiling R R spur Clpse lo e xp re ssw a y C a rlo s 
Sa nchez, A gen! 212 1o92________ 
I I I W U l l D E B l i b . ideal tor ’on’ tiqw o sh o p o r o th e r p u s in e s s needing large storage space (JZS m o 735 6961 N ile s 494-7777 

C tv e r e d w olk w a y tra m c o r to apl . laundry and m ailbox are a so you won t ge l drenched, la rg e r ro o m s so you w on I b a r k y o u r sh ins 142 f i l l (24 1594 and se * 
T H E K IN G S T O N A R T S 
22o7 Vance J ackson Fo r TEC 
Three can sh are a J bedroom apl at the B oa rd w alk tor 411o each 
F o a l, c lu b r e a m a n d la u n d r y 
Clove la 
Central 
P e rk and 
W onderland 
3534 West A venue 14* 42o3 
B a rry Q iihnqw oter c e 
T o w n h o u se ]' J u x u r ia u *. for ae d ish w ash e r aaal. I 2 b ed roo m s, utilities paid 
3211 
B la nco 

6 i i Z U h i 'F V .. 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
Q T M A N O S A U N A S 
1 2 1 B E D R O O M S , I 2 B A T H S 
B K S ta 1273 B IL L S P A IO 
P A R K T O W N E A P T S 
414 41*1 
IO U S A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illcrest and C alia ah a n 
U p sT a irs a p l { I SO U tilitie s pd 
7J1VI45. 
34 1 3224 
U U 
Mi 
Hat tacit* w A i i T E r r a 3 7 T n r j r T 7 r ~ i 5 sh a re lovely hem e in W in a cre st with lady of S a m i age Rent 1236 per me 431413*_________ 

Kelly. O L L U , St M a r y 's U I be droom, bu*, couple p referred 
714-3*47 m o r r i s o 6 w n t o w n 6 i> T $ ~ 
A P R E S T IG E a d d r e s s 
Efticipncy-I b d rm Ib d r rn central a ir h e a t 
17* E 
M o m P la z a 
227 21*o F U R N IS H E D 
M d t t l t f iic ie n c v b a i l m e n t s a n d R o o m s 
B y D a y . W e ek or 
M o n t h 
D U 9112. 
P E * 4747, 
L E I o132. C A 7 4762 
N e a r Ft 
Sam . TA11177 
I I I Not attn. I roam *] both, t a r ope air, water pd No POH (12* 
133 33*9 or 432 94/1 
N ea r Ft 
Sa m 
I b e d ro o m apt ga s water pd S I I * 3*4 44o1 ki t A r m i G -------------- 
Nice tart# ' b ed room turn apt water pd U M * 1 * * 3 4 * 
N ear M e t relets I bedroom , bills, t i l t 111 I I M after $ pm __________ 

 m o b s t r e e t 
M V H T T E L T S C H IK 
F fo rg iv in g I * I 23*4 
SA 227 4744 

S O 
T E X A S IOO A C E E S O R 
B R U S H 
C O U N T N V E X C I L - 
L E N T 
H U N T I N G W A T E R 
W E L L E L E C T R I C I T Y l E S 
D O W N 
J IM L E E R E A L T Y 
/ H 4 j . I j f H H g L m O N ) ____ 

V O IM. J o s e p h in e St. 
A p prox 46oo Sa F I . m odern m o to n ry b u ild ing, c e tra i a ir h ea l tone J C o m m e rc ia l close ta all e x p w y t b e a u tifu l offices, m a n u fa c lu n n o o re o ond w a re h o u se sp ace ideal tor m a n u fa c tu re et load chem icals ar Or up p rod u ct* 
121-4$ J* le a l Z A R Z A M O R A Id eal off ic# space or sm all b u sin e ss L o n g or sh o if term lease 
42**2o9 A L L R E A L T Y 
333 74*7 

Q uarters. 1 3 1. inventory lo be p urchase d separate en b la n c o 
12* 6445 
714 174* 
724 4117 
W A T SO N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
P R I M E C O M M E R C I A L 
A T S E G U I N 
41 acre*, c orn ering en H w y 111 on lh * north a a a * et Sequin a n a In ­ terstate IO Inve sto rs term s 

1 2 3 5 E . M 
U L B E R R Y 
126-SOE I 
T h * best U iu U d apt com plex In 
San Antonio L a ra *, beautiful I ar 
I bedroom apts, beautiful sw im m in g Pool a na cou rt y o rd Just se c o n d s fro m d o w n to w n , n e xt d e a r la F I 
( a m H o u st o n a n d 
B ro o k A r m y M e d ic a l C e n t e r 
Convenient to B ra c k e n rid g e Galt 
C o u rse a n a te n n is c o u rts C an vement ta uh m otor e x p re *sw a v s 
IH 35. IM 37, IH 16 and Hie now 
N orth E x p r e s s w a y R e a so n a b le rotes, ail bills paid________________ 

W e h ave l l different floor p la ns ta chaos tram W alk rn closets, pan tries, patios Coit C ory 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1541 Babcock et N W Loop 41* 
U t i n t 
C olony H ouse I io 'd ro o m , poet. bills Pd 51*5 1311596 c b k t f. {fA- IiS-Tr T S r T e T 
O R O O M S , b ills ad, S I M I* s i l l 
C lo s# Ie N o rth sip r a nd C an tre f 
F o r k 
N e c h ild r e n o r p e t * 
*3 * 47o7, «2* 47 M _________________ 

R E A L 
E S T A T E . 
T h o r * p re n um erous ran cho s pf 44* a cre s or la rge r in L A ( A L L E A N O W E B * 
C O U N T Y that we think a r * toed in v e stm e n t* F a r sp e cific in fe r' motion, t att or w rit* 
L E E R P E T E R * 
3-174 17*9 
F Q B O X 543, Cotulla. Tx 71o14 ir a t e l l tT^ciencY a a ls lot farm ] ranch or sell 5*7.5oo 714 4475 
" * I) i»>' 8 8 "i a ¥ T kl a l Z A H V 7 n ' - t4S o< ret c reek dense w oods 
J K. L E IG H T O N . R E A L T O R S yo n d e r pool. U M I i l l fee 1**6 
W A R R IO k S P R IN G S 
~~ 
U n sp oile d I U a c re h ill c o u n try ranch near P ip * Creed Tx Plenty at ru n n in g sp rin g w a le r 
Site at 
Old inrtuin cam p grou n d V a ry un­ ique Will sell 56 a c re s Jim Toy tar 
414 4*9* m 
ZAW 4 * l T T 5 u 5 --------- g A N C H -6 A R M OM H O M S 
IN T H E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U S T O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne. Tx 7*6o4 
149 111* OX W 
U U w hol type la n c k do you want I 
R A N C H M A R K E T 72* I U * 
R I I te x 111 San Aniente 7*11* 
■■ t i i 'l l f f J C T C -------------- 
IH I NU*461X I G C A U is 1 )5 ieee 
I X X X I SS A N D N I W k 

1(24 W 
O lm o s . B ld g 
P lo n t y 

W M W XM W XnH XBM BM BM H W XW M M B 
24o CUMMfRCIAl PROPERTY 
WANKO a r n i m r n n v r r r x located an hilltop with oak trees c o m p r is in g a lm o s t o n * a e r * 
57,oo6 143 111 I A N Y T IM E 

379 6S31 
S A * S t S U I 
J I * 3274, 3 7 * 2271, 3 7 * 2 *3 4 b o 6 ^ v I l V <!6 m e r * i . a » a he*, h e m * G ood sm all b u sin e ** locution Ne A gents 513-o75* 

Two bedroom, lo r I beth, storage tor everything end a private patio 
T N E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock ut N W Load 4 U 
M I-2124 
W A t i 'A Y n r ^ u . R E b — 
N ear Ft Sam ond dow ntow n E l tic Apts Bitts Paid, 5*9 per mo lit 4763. 1*34 i Houston 
N o rik G e n ita l L o c atio n E .itn re and M cC u llo ugh and IH )3 New ly decorated N ear but. adults g n u 
No p»N, U nfurnished I bedroom 
Water pd ( U S . with dee * M o 
Lease n * SJO) atter e and w e * bands, 494-41M 
________________ 

AU et our apartm ent! have la rge p a t u s et b a lc o n ie s to r y o u r plants Storage ream s with e very a p a r t m e n t a n d le t s ot c lo s e t sauce I bedroom , I bath ar I be droom 2 baths- Coil leaay I 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
I M I Babcock al N W Loop 416 
___________ R I B M ______________ 

Loop *1 * V ance Jackson R d 
P A R K L I K E G R O U N D S 
2 B E D R O O M (215 B IL L S P D 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 342 6191 
D E L U Y I , I ga d I bedroom O PK bills ad ( l i t end (223 343 9193 ar 
4*4-4444____________________ _ 

F o r s a l* 
>.1oo sa lt b u ild in g , 
2o o96 ta ti of land P ort N a ia d , botone* a vailable tar u ser or in veiler Contact L M G a l* ter ae tails 141 t il l . N iles and w eekends 
•14-M3I 

N O L E A S E R E Q U I R E D 
Vee con POV v#ur m onthly rent in 
I, 2 or I p a y m e n ts E m e y color 
TV, rout*, peal, m a id lin en s e r ­ vice All bills pd W E E K L Y m in t available 
1414 F re d e rick sb u rg R d 734 44*4 
1 "P d . * .. 

R E A L T O R S S* V e e rs et T R U S T 
ZA W 
I xeo {u p *. Ip o H p . I Uh reef M ap s. 114*5 pr Best Otter 
4*6-7167. 
________________ _ 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY mm 

 i n d u s t r i a l 1 

I t v e r o lt o u lh i iA e lo c a tio n s tar b usiness CaU tar appt ond tether d e t a ils en a n c * * a n d t u e s 
924-11 U , 111 4*27 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E soUTH{i5I i'WbUtUA'i n 'iJs acres 11,14* sa It metal kwUdma, 
It tan hoar M It ceiling 
O E H A R W E L L C O 11*3171 

 b edroom s. I ' .baths lo ve ly p a r d u e t H e a r s . F I R E P L A C E 
In private residential erea 32*5 me 
A F A M T M E N TS U N L IM IT E D 

8 2 8 o 6 8 1 
4 J r E 
A S H E Y ] im m a c u la t e sp a c io u s I b d rm . liv in g ro o m firepiact. adults only 
(143 
4J3 64*4 

APARTMENT FINDERS 

824(311 

. A cre and eg. Toned I I; telly d eve lo p ed 
V I P P o rk C o sy term s 413 1**9 
IH I AL H O N N U M t ie 
IO * IA S I ( I SUS IS 
Pi A l I ( Q u a W A N I 4 o 
IN IM I IX e st SS N I W k 
L O U 111 1444 

I X I l A T ^ e m e ^ r y o u r o w n t d n be you rs tor a s UtTU as I I M dow n and paym ents le st than rent Ne 
( r e o il ' Ne greaten) 
J % J g ( A L T V 474 I M ) A nytim e 

P a g e I 6 - M 

4o8 HOMES. ooPIEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 

S a n A n to n io EXPRESS N E W S — S u n d a y M a rc h 2 7 I 9 7 7 

4o8 HOMES. DUPLEXES. 

5o4 MONEY TO LEND 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
SM ALL HONOR LOANS 
JUST P R O M ISE TO PAV 
AAA C R E D IT ____________223 6249c EMPLOYMENT 
W jggaK L 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

CHOICE RENTALS 

6o1o MISTY VAIUY - J l l . 
SHS mo 
2 an conditioner*. stove, refrigerator, tented 

9622 
QUICKSUV'R 
. 
1 2 I, 
S26S mn Control on heat, Wove, dishwasher, smoke olorm, burglar bars tented 

8419 BIG CRtth' . 3 1 CP. SHS mo. 2 air conditioners, vent hood, stove, refrigerator, tented 

871S CASY VAIUY . 3-1 CP. 
SHS mc, 
2 on tonditioners, tonne and retngernto', dish washer and garbage deposal, tented 

S867 BRANCH VAIUY 
4 I PP, 
S21S mo Central an heat, stove and refrigerator dishwasher, fen ted yard den 

7315 WALNUT VAIUY 
3 11J 
I, SUS mo 2 ait tonditioners, stove 
673 So83 342 4)15 
653 oS7o 
654 1844 

W O R L D W ID E R IA L T Y 

NO C R E D IT N E E D E D ! 
Why no! own your own ho m e’ 
Just $2oo dow n! From HSP per month 922 I/O *. 67 3 4/14 . 676 / 5o9 
Pat Mc Vev Real Estate n o r t h e a s t 
3 Bedroom house. I both, fenced yord. near M cA rthur High, $17o 
2611 Lovelace 
Northstar. 3 bdrm , den. built ins. rarpet, 2 garages, 2 lots fenced 
United. 73$ 9121 fee (422 1) 
One bedroom apartm ent, couple. 
$7$ mo W ater paid. 421$ S. Presa. rear. 434 3556. 
______ 

PARK VILLAGE 
3 I C P . fenced, stove ond re fri aerator $18$. M O RR IS R E A L T Y , 
654 o616 
Quaint I bdrm house tor only $5o, children pets welcome 
United, 735 9121, tee C43<731 
122 RAN G ERS, 5 rooms. $78 mo 
128 RAN G ERS. 3 rooms. $65 
K E L L E Y 
433 6641 
732 5719 
Remodeled 2 bdrm , Edison, appl, 
2 aoraqes. fenced, $15o 
United, 735-9121, tee <439 I) 
REN TA LS 
WE H A N D LE 
Choice NE Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
824 7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 

CHOICE RENTALS 

126 Hialeah, 3-2 t 
4814 Guadolaiara, 4 2 1 . . 

5135 Village Court, 3-2 I 
- 
583o Castle Brook, 3-2 I 
12521 Sandpiper, 3 2 2 
.. 
C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 9 

518o 

5215 

522o 
5245 
53oo 

BOS RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Broadway 

R E N TE R S CHOICE 
Your choice 2 or 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, nice Kitchen, appliances 
Only $215 or $235 mo Coll now lo move hi 
656 1 234 
RED CARPET 
Renting near shopping centers. 2 bdrm hom e, g a rag e , near b u t. schools, $125 mo 681 2591 

WRECKER SERVICE finest equipment, good accounts, skilled employees, room for growth. 
A great business for the nght party 

SPORTING GOODS toige dealership established mony years lust tooling into boom season 
Many good brood names tarried 

SMAII ENGINE REPAIR 
Air tooled engine repair ond soles plus power mower dealership Good established business, busy shop 

MIU AND CABINET SHOP 
Pncad lo sell Good business for ex- peftented tobinef mon Business is excellent. 

LIQUOR STORE 
Well established and profitable, fit 
He competition in area Has delivery permit, owner will tram 

BODY SHOP 
Established outo body shop Simple profitable 

RURAl OPPORTUNITY tike small town living7 Great op portunity in small city near S A 
Booming economy 
Package of­ fering includes grocery ond market, a restaurant plus income property 

TRUCK AND CAR WASH fleet unit designed to wash com martial vehicles at customer's doorsteps Mony contract accounts 
Moy be operated parttime 

BEAUTY SAION large shop with mony top flight stylists Eosy business to toke over, owner will assist purchaser in ftnon ting 

MEN 5 WEAR 
In piestige areo Good lines, skilled employees, gieot clientele, business booming 

STEAK HOUSE located on restaurant row 
Seats 
18o persons, private dining room, mixed drinks, finest equipment and decor, out of town, owner must sell business, good hours, 
Many fleet ond insurance clients 

M A N Y O TH E R L IS T IN G S A V A IL A B L E . 

FURNITURE COMPANY 
In business over 3o yeors Owner will sell land. building, inventory, accounts receivable and the business 

GROCERY AND MARKET 
Northsidc 
Unique operation, great family business, excellent financing available to qualified party 

MANU!ACTURING COMPANY 
Old established local company manufacturing specialty products for the commercial truck field. Pro­ ducts sold nationwide 
Skilled personnel moy be retained 

BARBEQUE 
Mow is the season to cash in on this fun and profitable business Inside seating plus food to go and lots of catering Good reputation, trained employees, simple menu, good hours. 

R E A LT O R * 

ROHDE BUSINESS BROKERS 
4139 Gardendale, Suite 2o1 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 
696-5311 
24 Hr. Answering Service 

( r o m d s ) 

S ta rtin g , exoondm q, intangible accounts receivable, cash oval table for these and other money 
' needs Coll 673 8857 now 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSION 

51? INSTRUCTIONS 

KEY 

PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

Other Training in: 
Computer Operations 
Computer Programming 
Medical Assistant 
Medical Secretary 
Nurse's Aide/Orderly 

Call 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

R E N T . LEASE OR SELL 
4 room house, separate room with garage 
Fenced yard. near bus. I shopping center 344 6225 

 r 
BUSINESS 
I 
OPPORTUNITIES 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

Repainted 3-11 »-1, has appl, cor pet. den, a ir heat, fenced 
United. 735 9121, tee (425 1) 

278 ROCKHILL 
YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
GERMAN I AMERICAN FOOD t x 
2o 

ALAM O h g h t s s c h o o l s 
F reshly decorated 3 bdrm , 2 bath 
~ hom e, c e n tra l o ir heat, fenced yard $35o 822 5oo7__________ 

Gross property. 

3 BEDROOM-2 BATH luxury den with fireplace, large kitchen, reused din mg a rea , covered potto, privacy fence 
$ 3 6 5 mo 

3 BEDROOM-1 BATH 

Equipped kitchen, cornel lot fenced back yard 
$ 1 7 5 
6 5 9 -1 9 3 3 
A SSO C IA T E D REALTY 

IO room custom residence, Ron dolph area. $5oo 828 o443. 
Selma Park, partly turn. 4 bdrm , oppl. storage, sits on 3 lots 
United, 735 9121, tee (425 2) 
Shaded 3 b d rm , w ith a ir heat, storage. CP. fenced tor kids 
United 735 9121 tee (429 3) 

TERRELL HILLS DUPLEX 
Deluxe 2 bedroom. 2 bath, living room, den. carpets, stove, re fr i­ gerator, washer d ry e r, p riva te yard, no pets $235. mo Details. 
65 3 4139______________________ 

Close SAC., dow ntow n. I b d rm cottage, fenced pets kids. $5o 
United. 735 9121 tee (454 3) 
Cory carpeted, pnvac7~tencod. fireplace Noco Perrin areo. $25o per mo Avail Isl April. 
DE VAULT A Assoc 349 2677 
Donaldson T e rra c e , I bdrm du plex, single garage, only $1oo 
United. 7)5 9121 lee (423 3) 
Duplex I bedroom NW area, near bus, woler paid 341 loss_________ 
D U P LE X , Near North Star M all, modern 2 1. w asher d ry er conn 
F enced y a rd , d ra p e s , c e n tra l arr heal, corpet, $)95 349-15o2, 
E LEG AN T TOWNHOUSE 
J T i l 
FP in m aster suite ond living W ilb u r. utility bai b que. unique decor 
Alam o 
Hgts schools. 

T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 8/8 5739 
Erskm e Dr 
3 11. air units, dish washer. $7oo 733-6744 

E xecutive, new ly rem o deled 3 bedroom, 7 bulb, den, fireplace, large game room with pool table, wet bor, apD haoces 
A v aila b le 
Julv 1st. one to three year lease 
$4” per month 826 2894_________ 
I xecutive v e e r old, $48 OOO OO home In Larkspur -Plush corpet ma 3 7 7 Available Isl April Now showmq bv app o in tm e n t $475 pet mo plus deposit Dorsey Co 
733 9184 
Fam ily sued 2 bdrm for only $71, tented yard for pets 
United, 735 9121, tee <42* 7) 
JU Forest Volley (Lockland. Kei 
W I l l. air fence, $15o 824/913 
For lease option lo buy. Camelot 
I t , 3 2 2. Den, central a ir beat. appl tented. $77$ mo 661 6483 
1 REE HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
We have a n u m b e r of hom es available in Northeast San Anion I rn Call tor prices and d e ta ils ,. j 
INC re Here For You*. 
C e n tu ry 21 
D E LA N E Y R E A L T Y 653 OSSO 
F RE S H IV pointed duolex near 
KAEB I AEB 
1 2 CP new stove and refng. carpeted, tented yard 
SI7o. dep woter pa 684 1618 
318 Fileting 
’ bedrooms, fenced yard, $145 Ben Lam bert Co 1o51 
Austin Hwy 82* 86*3_____________ 
Get aw ay' T h e ir rn extra room, on 
2 acres fenced, storage. $15$ 
United 735-9121 tee (433 I) 

H A R M O N Y M ILLS 
Choice 3 be dr nom, 7 both 
Avail. Apr 6 
No pets, $35o Lou Forks. 341 OHO 

HOMES $2oo TOTAL move in J ond 4 bedrooms Why r e n t’ A n yb o d y can buy 
June payment 
*74 6126________ RAE Real Estate 
House for Rent. 3 - lt . ap pl lane vs furnished, w aler pd 
$7oo month 
Iv 653-4653 ESI 
HO NSS Y IU 
1)2 B E A U T IF Y YOUR HOME 
Kids* pets O K , I b d rm b u iltin ! stove. CP, fenced, yard. $1*o 
United, 73$ 9171. tee (4*S 3) 
I AFB K A F B , 3 I I, a ir , c lean , fenced, shade. $14$ mo 1*3 Moon 
Volley *7 * 429* otter 4 pm 
3 I lorge house large corner yord. 
Winnipeg Nogoiitos 973 3841 
3 7 7. la rg e k itc h e n , b e a u tifu l y ard . convenien t to M ed C oir. 
U S A A. 
D a to p o in t 
494 2 1*3 
U t * 
Lease 3 I CP stove r e tn g . air 
L A F B $1*o 494 62** 
LEASE 
9*19 Nona Kay 3 2 Hoot oir $2$o 
127 Savannah 3 I $17$ 
874 4521. 347 4*49 
_______ TU R N E R R E A L T Y _______ 
I e ASE W ITH O PTIO N 
SISO* equity or rent this splendid 
J 2 J. A LL A P P L IA N C E S , one large living area Excellent loco hon $3*5 mo *$*1234 
RtD CARPET 
Live Ook. 4 2 1. appliances, cor pet $275 mo 651 *312____________ 
Live Ook 3 bdrm . built rn stove, carpet cent air heat. garage. 
United 735 9171 tee (443 I) 
Live Oak. 1191* Ramey Meadow. 
3 7 1, e x tra clean, new carpet 
$275 mo *$♦ 9831______________ _ 
I t I, located in Deer Run, close to 
Medical Center U S A * and OTSA 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
611o R a in c lo u d 
3 b e d ro o m . 7 both, double garage with all ap chance* Quick move in. m ilitary clause in lease 
$31o m onthly 
H urry on this one 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Kelly Lackland Realty 
674 1211 
7 to 4 males or females to share upkeep, rent. etc on 3 2 house 
NW, close to Med Center. UTSA. 
US A a $75 to $15o mo P a rtia lly fu rn is h e d 
P r iv a te , q u ie t 
684 1153 9 to 12 am 
1 7 Townhouse, att appliances, c a r p e t, w a s h e r d r y e r conn 
655 2675 
_______ 
VA C A N T NE schools. 3 2 1, car pet. stove, re fn g $21o 824 o213 
COOK CO REALTO RS 
V aliev Hi. 3-2 I. oppl. cen! a ir- heat, fenced, kids pets, $17$ 
United, 73$ 9121, fee (424 2) i 3-1, W alking dish Lee High, a ir, 
| carport. $725 mo 828 8633 
Woodlake 4 bdrm , den, 2 bath. appl, cent air. carpet, fenced 
United 735 9121, tee (46o 3) 
; Y ear old. beautiful home. J 2 2 
Forest Glen $375 OO per mo plus 

41o HOUSES, BENT OR SEU 

 i I I, Centro! heal air. Stove, re trigerator Converse 341 77o4 or 

41? ROOMS. FURNISHED 

$ 1* o,ooo yi 
*1 3 OOO de 
FINI MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner t J yr*., 
Oro** 
$17o,ooo 
N e t. *2 7,o oo yr. 
Good parking. $35,ooo Term*. 

BUST COWEE SHOP 
Ore** over $95,ooo yr., ,B fra­ med renter, good 
.eating. 
$6,ooo dn 

MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N'*lde .eat* SO. nile fixture*. 
Oro** $62 OOO yr $65oo dn 

POIYGRAPHING I INVESTIGATION 
Top account*. 
Will teorh now owner 
Net* 
$2o,ooo ye. 
$1 $ OOO dn. 
PtUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mixed drink lounge, grout­ ing $4o,ooo mo- thor* hr« , goad leo*#, teat* 13o. $65,ooo dn. 
CLEAN DAIRY KRUM excellent parking Load* at egpt.. moneymaker $65oo. Term*. 

DAIRY QUEEN 
NSide. real clean 
Seat* 
SO, 
Goad parking. Not* $15,ooo yr 
$16,5oo. 
BUSY LIQUOR STORE 
N T , tine fixture*, 
Oro** 
$135,ooo 
Not. 
$25,ooo yr. 
$ 8,ooo-# stock 
BUSr NORTHS!DE RESTAURANT 
Mixed drink* 
Seat* 12o. Oro** 
$16o ooo 
Net* 
$4o,ooo yr. 
{3 o.o oo dn 
URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Clote to brie. Oro.ting $35,ooo 
6 net* $1 5.ooo yr $9Soo dn 
N E GROOMING SALON t SUPPLIES 
Top .pot Se cl illentele l*t 
13 yr*. Net. *1 o,o oo yr *5 .o o o dn 
SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, real money maker*, dean fixture*, good parking, leatet. term*. 
EXCELLENT WASHATERIA 
Grot* $3o OOO yr. 3o model 
I * dryer* $5 OOO dn inei, 

735 -9 458 
2oo3 N. MAIN 
7 3 5-86 11 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 BUSINESS oPPoRTUW1TIES 

ALPHA HOTEL 
Reasonable, daily, weekly rates. 
Downtown 315 N Main 
C lean, c o iy , p riv a te entro n c e- both, air, m aid 226-4413 
Clean, newly painted, private en trance, on bus line N e ar 3 cot- 
1 
H -V- ” ____________________ 
3*1 CLUB DR G ARAGE ROOM 
714 o469 
423 DONALDSON 
UPSTAIRS GARAGE ROOM 
F urn bedroom, air, retired mon, 
NW areo. $75 732 198o____________ I 
ID E A L BACHELOR Q U A R TER S i 
Nor'h. room, bath, dressing roam. weekdays ofter 5pm 733 8184 
Room Windsor Pk orea. P rater alder prson. 633-7377 j 

SOI ■ BUSINESS QPPQHI t ir o s 

2 43 acres on SW W W White Rd with 32 washer. t2 d ryer w a.h a terra, beauty shop plus 2 homes, a ll to r o n ly $1oo OOO 
T e rm s I 
7126111 
FAMILY REALTY 

Attractive SANDW ICH SHOP 
Son Marcos '# block SWY cam ­ pus 
Soots 4o 
D a ys 342 -3 37 *. 
Eves 392 6262__________________ 
I 

AUTO D E A L E R S H IP 
For sate 4o year going bustness 
JOE VA JOOS. I $17 7o6-272$ i 
Back F ro m R ent 12x24 O ffice. L 
Terms, Free Delivery. 924 $oo3 
BODY SHOP And house for sate. I 
432 /189 ll 

LOOK! 

 iii; 
I M 1 F P I M U V I lilt 
Vim n > un lin u m 
• rf u i i r r c v 
V illi 
. M ill'!l i t O i li e r * ccuill Iii lie l|i SIMI Iii Lu 
__ r i- liine UU m ill |M |u |rllf hu*inr*M 1IU II 
^ /', 11 d»*i*» c < 'U I X * im l» n« Iii- freud s o u r «>c*u h o u r * I Ll b u r* 
(’n u llo stunt* m i In i HJO* e m ir -hurt tif p ro fit- .mil bet u n it' u purl id u en I ti 111. en il.ill.it t s h u ii-l 111 * I u -11 \ 
I lit u ln t i|iiuliic m il re- willing; in IrilliMt o u r -iii r e — m u te ii u h th u d * cull -c r lit* urt iii the 
V m r rh .iii I let atli r o m e In n 
I . urn u Iii- Ii M u m m ml u llu m m u ft*i4iexi -t ll re -jitt t u it li un j — uri-ri liilu it 
V n u llo M u ffle r ( runt lu -t tiff# r- the*#- uil.diitdu#-* 
I 

• I n il ( cnn|»di!* -ii|r |m r l o ( temple l r tr a in in g p re m iu m 
.mcI tti'h n n l. • P r o n to r u i r r t *iipc r t io io li fr o m Leu .Ilio n 
-• b e lio n in ftru m l ope ii• • 143 a m i a tt* r 
* I ’ rc p a rt cl p m - r a tio n a l m iilli-iu c ilia » « l*« -rti-iiip . * T n l.il ji 'r n u n li i i g c-Ic in . 

 lit#- m in im u m <hn»n na* m en! o f $ 8 2 5 o i- re q u ire d . F inan a va ila b le Im epiallfn d u n lit trin a l- ( all m ile r I M J 
ITH vent#- H r U llin Mufller I -ru le r-.! IJ Mi A m e ric a ii ELmW 
V ii-in i. leva#- 7K TQ I. 

 iiil: a 
*rij2 
I ttue 
P h O K T O MUFFLER CENTER 

& ' 

o Brinnon s Ice Cream 
Dealerships 

A unique npporlumty to launch 

 a successful business of your own Strong Texas locations some available tor immediate occupancy, San Antonio North side. Houston, Rio Grande Valley and Austin ll you ye las1°d any of our V natural Unvoted ice creams, you know we ye got the best An o Bannon's dealership requires a minimum of Slb.OQO rash (the balance can be Ii 
Manned!, an eagerness to Seam and the desire lo build yow own business. Well train you in all phases of management and onerations tell us more about yourself, yow goals and yow ambitions in a lettei 

Write 
JJ Boohoo Inc 

P O Box 3924$ 
Serna Ste 
Son Antonio, Texas 782IS lei. ($12) 656-3859 

HALLMARK aero- Tech^ 

BECOME A LICENSED 
A VIA TIO N TECHNICIAN 
NEW CLASSIS BEGIN APRIL lith 
• Approved for Veteran* 
• Aa'edited NATES Institution 
• FAA Approved 
• (outre* mi Airframe ond Power plant 
• Quality for FAA MR license 
• Course Duration 12 Month* 
• Job Placement Assistance 

VISIT OP CALI 
HALLMARK AERO TECH 
113o 99th Si., Stinson Field 
San Antonio, Texas 78214 
9 2 4 - 8 5 5 1 

D A Y & N I T E C L A S S E S 
Keypunch, S ecretarial, Account rnq. D r a ftin g a nd A ll O th e r 
Business Courses 
Vet Approved Enroll Now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
1o5 San Pedro 
225 54o) 
Finish High School af Home 
Diplom a aw arded For free bro chare, call Am erican School, fool free 
I 8oo 421 83)8. 
H A L LM A R K AERO TECH 
MIO 99th ST. Stinson Field 
924-6551 

L E A R N P R O F E S S IO N A L BAR 
T E N D IN G ANO BAR M A N A G E 
M E N T , a World Wide profession for men ond women. 
B R O TH ER H O O D SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 
IO U JACKSON K E L L E R Sixte 
2o2 
349 26o1 
A Texas Certified Trade School 
F roe 1ob assistance. Discount lo 
Veterans 
New Classes Begin 
A P R IL 4TH 
R E G IS T R A T IO N 
MON 
MON AND W E D N ITE 
/P M 1oPM 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
62o8 S Flores____________ 924 388o 
S o u th w e s t S chool of M e d ic a l 
Assistance 224 2296 lls Broad way 
V eteran Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 
1913 S Flores____________ 22$ 3233 

O W NER R E T IR IN G 
G croge and auto parts on 11 acre, outo pons building has 3ooo sq ti and rents tor $$oo a mo Gorage building has 26oo sa ft with lots of rent space and nets $1,ooo a mo 
M e c h a n ic w ill $ to v w ith new owner if desired Ideal location, good form s 349-1479 
Hector J Het beck Inc 
Realtors 
Own Your Own Business1 White 
Auto Stores. 39)o Coll Field Rd 
Wtchito Foils, Tx (817)692 34)o 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

Accountant, natl firm , outstanding opportunity for beginning college graduate 
SHOO Call Dan Darnels 732 2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E LLIN G 
Em ploym ent Service 96 Gill Rd 
A D JU S TE R 12K 
L ite exp gets this position u n li­ m ited potential Call Gwen 828-6494 
New Day Personnel Conslts, 9o1 
NE Loop 41o, Salle $16___________ 

EXCLUSIVE SPECIALISTS IN 
FINANCIAL/ACCOUNTING 
CAREER PLACEMENTS 

Source Finance recruits exclusively in the fina ncial disciplines on a na tio n a l basis. Your search fo r em ploym ent w ill be ha ndled by a professional w ith o successful fina ncial m anagem ent background. The positio ns listed be lo w are a small sam ple o f w h a t Source has fo r your consideration in the S outhw est. 

C P A A U D IT M A N A G E R 
....................................... $ 3 o , o o o 

RARE O PP O R TU N ITY! Local practice has created a new position to establish an internal review function 
Pro fesuonal work environm ent with excellent benefits ond good working conditions (hours too) For im m ediate, con fidential consideration coll Source tom orrow 

IN T E R N A T IO N A L A U D I S U P E R V IS O R 
$ 2 6 , o o o 

CPA with minimum four years BIG 8 audit experience with tw o yeors in supervision 
Supervise a number of professional audit teams. 

C O N T R O L L E R • B A N K 
.......................................$ 2 o , o o o 

Bonk holding com pony needs controller for member 

 b #nk 
Requires two years public with bonking clients or 
.our years of bonk accounting and CPA 

A S S IS T A N T C O N T R O L L E R - R E F IN E R Y 
$ 3 o , o o o 

O il refinery needs accounting m onoger who has brood accounting responsibilities for oil refinery. Prefers strong accounting systems experience 

8 1 7 - 3 3 8 - 4 7 5 o 

J o h n C a tte rto n 

Member AICPA 
Source Finance 

 p ers o n n e l con sultants 

S u ite 1 o 2 o M A L L IC K T O W E R 
FO R T W O R T H . TE X A S 7 6 1 o 2 

Son Francisco, D e tro it, 
Los Angeles, C hicago, D allas, Palo A lto 

Client Com panies Assume O u r C harges 

ACCOUNTING OPPORTUNITIES 
LOCKE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
CAU MIKE LOCKE C E C. 826-9671 

V ic i M U N D E N ! O f A o M 1 N J S I6 4 IIo N A N D FINANCE 

3OK 4 (or -f Participation 

Outstanding and rapidly glowing independent ail and gas company involved 

 in dulling, nploration and production, ond oil field services seeks a number two mon Degree is a must, with (PA MBA o plus. Expenence should come 

 from either a combination of public and privote exposure, or monoger level expenence horn o motor oil compony Must be willing to live in South texas and travel os a participator 

PUBLIC FIRM PARTNERSHIP 

Sa tory to 36K 

Outstanding firm seeks the mon xrho con direct the toto! program ol the 

Audit Divtsion to include training Degree 6- (PA a must (xpenenre should come from notional hem environments 

CONTROLLER 2oK 
South Terns hem seeks Degreed Accountant with minimum I year* ex 

 penence either ham public or private to head up oil financial oreos Would like some understanding of budgets and investments Must be bilingual. 

CONTROLLER 24K 

North texas oil and go* compony seek* lost mover to manage the general or counting, cosh How, billings ond transportation ticket deportments. Should 

 how exposure to crude oil buying ond trading Experience horn either public or privote sector considered This candidate must be o (PA 

826-9671 

STRONG, PRIVATELY-HELD 
COMPANY WANTED • • • 

W ell financed Compony now seeking to Acquire privote ly ow ned Business , . . will consider M erger prospects os well This is your opportunity to settle Estate, Retirem ent, 
Or G row th financing problems! Com pany must be Pro friable and hove good 
Pre fox earnings record 

( $ 2 o o ,o o o minimum) 
Consult us in Confidence to ex piore Sole or Merger of your Com pony CALL Or WRITE today tor prompt consideratron. , , 

RESOURCES ASSOC. 
P .O . B o x 1 7 4 2 7 
S o n A n t o n io , T X 7 S 2 1 7 

S I 2 —- 3 4 2 - 5 9 5 B 

PLA N T AND G IF T 
SHOP 
NE. Under $5,4oo Call 655 4822 or 
655 5484__________________________ 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn & B ro d s tre e t says 'Coin 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y a nd D ry 
Cleaning Stores o re one of two industries w ith the least failu re figures 
K W IC X W A S H co m o p e ra te d lau n d ry ond d ry c le a n in g test stores tor sale 
WE H A VE choice laundry loco . ------ - ------------------------------------------------ lions in every part of Son Antonio 'A R C H IT E C T U R A L D R A F T S 

AGRICULTURE 
DEGREE 
Hove you considered the Peoce 
C o rp s ’ The Peace Corps exper itn c r con mean m ore than rust on 
, opportunity to do some good 
It j can mean on exciting introduction i to international agriculture, it con 
I bring knowledge and insight into i other cultures, rf can m ean new 
I lang uages and ti con m eon in roads into lobs with governm ental agencies here ond obroad To sec 
's p e c ific P e a c e C o rp s a ss ig n ments. contact $12 397 $925. ext 4. collect. 
A M W A Y distrib utorship , oppor tu n ity p lu s , fu ll or p a r t tim e 
658 $13$ ■ 

2446 Ce«9«e St. 
> 

 ready to build now 
BANK RATE F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation call Ed Floyd 
$1? 484-3771 Or v is it our w ore house-show room at $4o3 Jack wood. Son Antonio. Tx 76236 
Ford Com m ercial Soles Inc 
The W orld s Largest 
_ _ 
Speed Queen Distributor 

M A N wanted, must hove samples of work call ICO Systems 34I-8IS6 br >137 i 
A R T IS T 
E xp e rien c e d c o m m erc ia l n .tis t w ith s tro n g d esign c a p a b ility needed im m e d ia te ly 
Send re same. references ond samples of recent work Repty in confidence to D ick M ohan. 5o9 N Lincoln, 
O d e s s a . 
Tx 79761 o r c a ll 
913332 1112 

ENGINEERS 

H e a tin g a n d A ir C o n d itio n in g 

Chief Engineer Application 

$ 2 o ,o o o 

Chief Engineer - Res. Products 
$ 2 5 ,o o o 

Chief Eng Air Conditioning 

$ 2 2 ,o o o 

Prod. Mgr • Combustion Units 
$ 2 5 ,o o o 

51? S B S I 
5 17 m s n n c i i m s 

BODY SHOP Ideal location. $723 
Bigby Ave $1$.OOO 497 l9»° 

B O E R N E 
Profitable going chicken try bust ness, inventory and fixtures, due to health owner w illing lo s ac ri­ fice $25,ooo 
AMASON RE A LTY 
1-249 6532 
C H R IS T IA N Book Store. N orth side Moll Good business. $14,oo4 cosh Ph 142 4111 or 653 8411 
C IG A R E TTE S U PPLY 
D IS TR IB U TO R S H IP 
Port or Full Time 
Im m ediate need in San Antonio and or s u rro u n d in g tow ns tor distributors All retail outlets are secured by com pany, therelore no product selling Become desire butor tor such nationally adver lived cigarettes as Winston, Co mots. M a rlb o ro . P a ll M a ll. Sa- lems. Kools. Kent, etc To quality you must hove a car l l hrs per week (days or eves) 
'.ASH IN V E 
R E Q U IR E D 
$12oo CASH IN V E S T M E N T 

For more inform ation w rite to 
CIG ARE TTE D IV IS IO N N o7" 
P O Box 14. Rosemead. Ca 93771 
Include your phone no 

O EL RIO need couple or single 
Range, re frig e ra to r ond drapes m ®n *• m anoge truck stop res included $244 
684 433o 344 47o/ 
‘tour ani. m ust have cooking ex p e n a n c e , r e n t fre e liv in g quarters ovariable of sight, salary to be discussed, call between 5 pm a nd 9 pm fo r a p p o in tm e n t, 
77$ 466o 

DF ANI E OW ENS REAL TORS 
7 7 located in Leon Valiev Central heol ond air range and retriger atar included 
L arge lot, $2/$ 
684 433o. 344 42o7 
DE A N IE OW ENS REALTO RS 
M F D C E N T E R I bedroom l">”> both centro! o ir carpeting all appliances including icem oker refrigerator. $3oo N W I bedroom 
7 bath, double gat age living dm m g, lu m ily room s c e n tra l air k itc h e n b u ilt ins. SJ25 LAC K 
L A N D 
3 bedroom 
I bath air tor m al living plus dining, range re frig e ra to r, dishw asher, disco sal Piety $17$ 681 o66(1 
RED CARPET 
M o b ile H o m e I • R 
Add on 
E Houston lie 6981 342 586$ rooms, corpet air, lawn No pets 
SUO mo 361 1116 
Modem 3 I I, cent heat air appt carpet, teared yard IT H 
United. 73$ 9121 tee (438 2) 
N aco P e r r in 4 bedroom larg e k itch e n den. fe n c ed y a rd op plionce $71$ mo 65* o2 7$ 
Near et. Sam. 7 bedroom, fence 
SH) dog $9$ mo 661 6176________ 
N e a r K e lly , 2 bedroom duplex. tu rn . or u n tu rn 
$1}$ to $133 
69o 1338, 912 9737 ________________ 
N E A R K E L L Y I bedroom, d o m . or I vat#, bus 369 4 33 9164 9 I 
N E A R L A C K L A N D , cleon 4 be dr oom. 2 bath home, range, a ir, ond som e c a rp e l HOO per mo 
474 3411 
RED CARPET 
Noor M edical Conter and USAA 
NS Schools, cleon 3 bedroom 
2 bath, double garage With pnvoev fence SJM) 344 4424______________ 
• N E A R N O R T H STAR M A LL# 
3 12. im m ediate occupance 14o2 
Oblate fenced yard, $745 per mo 
413 3795 
A L L S fA T ff 
R E 
N e a r U I S * n ic e I b e d ro o m ranch house, carpeted bedrooms fireplace, b e au tifu l hilltop view 
Con Veep I or 7 horses on propel tv $334 mo Cull 493 U M A tter 6 
P M 
NE clean I bedroom home Cor petmg, tented yard $$195 mo. 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
644/711 
NE i t ti don baiH-m s, cent m r- j beat corpet, extras united 713 4121 tee (431 3) 
•AUL FAIRFIELD* 
I J I . a ir g a ra g e , built ins cor pet. te a ted , trees, ch ild ren pols welcome $22$ 177 9334 

Ok PIL A T RON 
The p a te n te d s a t*, e ffe c tiv e , painless method of hair rem oval will open a limited number st de anatron dim es in the San Antonio a rea Successful applicants writ be tra in e d in our school a nd should hove opprox $7344 capital to open their own clinic For m ore into roll 512 472 9742. ask tor M rs 
B a r Mail 
Entire store fixtures routem en!. also m erch an d ise reasonable 
Myres Arm y Store 224 W Houston, contact Max M M M ilitary Ce 144 

ES TA B LIS H E D WIG SALON fu t u r e s a nd in v e n to ry 
34599 rulue o>king $799 5 34 2 7 394 
FAST FOOD 
Located in busy industrial area 
FuUv equipped For sol# or lease witn option lo buy 
RE A G A N A CO 
15o2 N 
P A N A M E X P W Y 727 434/ 

FAST FOOD OPERATION 
Short order kitchen Recreation holt Excellent traffic clow Large p a r k m a a r e a . m a s o n ry con sir aced batteling, growing city et 
P ie s o n to n L o u is e B o rin g or 
G eorge Lee 513 7161. 421-2o49. 
334 3543 
BOB IO N E S. R EALTO RS 
KEY GROUP 

R E D W O R M S 
B u y b a c k con tracts, tim e paym ent plan, H or vest machines ond books availa 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ blo 
A r n o ld s 
W o rm 
F o rm 
ASS T D IR N U R SIN G . H E A L T H 
Inc ,44o7 O riskany. Son Antonio,; a n d S A F E T Y , lo ral Rod Cross 
TX 74247 
634-oo14. A n s w trin g chapter Extensive w ater solely service 494 /3 3 )_________________ _ j experience ond degree required 

Senior Project Engineer 

$ 2 2 ,o o o 

CAU 34 1-2551 

ELKINS INSTITUTE 
Can Train You In 
BROADCASTING 

DAY I EVENING 
CLASSES AVAILABLE 

Approved for Veterans 
1st Class FCC License 
CB Radio Repair 
Radio & TV Repair 
Television Technician 
Operator 

2 2 7 - 6 5 4 o 1 ii 
A n 
,L U I N S 

I S T I T U T C 
3o1 Broodway Bldg. S u it* 2oo 

RESORT M O TE LS 
C o n tac t D 
C a rls o n . 424 6411 
38 U N IT S plus re n te d sto re s, 
Equol Opportunity Em ployer lounge, restaurant and borty hall 
--------------- 
- 
High income year round 
17 U N IT S w ith g re a t potential 
Lounge, re s ta u r a n t, pool ond river frontage 
Tower View Inc. 732 6157 

A U D IT O R ; Co will tram , super 
I 
Spot tor entry level. BBA grad 
Secure future, natl co. vehicle# 
$96o4 call Phil A rroyo 722 2261 
S N E LLIN G * S N E LLIN G 
Em ploym ent Service 94 Gill Rd 
A U T O D A M A G E A P P R A IS E R , experienced dom age appraiser, > body shop estim ating experience 
-SS}JSL.SS.i!L.il l i i i ! ____________ acceptable, good fringe benefits. 
S M A L L M O T E L B IG IN C O M E only qualified applicants will be 
Ten units, sm all apartm ent, on considered Applications tor p a il busy Southside street Excellent tim e storm w o rk e rs bein g oc condition 878-4o92 cepted. alt replies confidential 
Snack Fond Distributor 
Contact K R Fletcher. U nderw 
Become on independent distrlpu 
- A<|iu»ln»g Co . 734 7726. tor tor a tall line SNACK FOOD r n I I c r c / - d a m c 
CO in the San Antonie areg A t U L L f c p c G K A D 5 m inim al investm ent is required 
'h e re ARE stim ulating ways lo 
This is an established profitable experience. B A pi Mas territo ry with potential business 
Peace Corps ond tor additional profit It interested y * TA * 9 hove requests for vo and tor more inform ation, please J u ic e rs from 48 developing no- contact 
G entler Foes. 422 Caro 
" 9 « » ond 
(ro m c o m m u n ity line S t. San Antonio. $34 41o3 agencies ocross the USA Spanish 
----------------------------- — speakers are needed.loo We pro vide volunteers living otto wane e, tra n s o m lotion m e d ic a l other 
Find out w here your can la k e you 
C on 
SPEAKER KITS 
2 2 way and J way systems, you benefits. agt them together w ith eosy to “ o g ro o 
___ 
___ 
I allow directions, save up to 49% 512 397 $93$, ext 4, roke ct 

 fc5o.m V i" , ' ,o r m o r* 
<flh C om puter o p e ra to r $4o9. Boid is , benefits, bonus, dictaphone se 

SU CLINICA FAMILIAR 
AnnowncRS th* following POSITION VACANCIES— 
DIRECTOR OF CLINICAL OPERATIONS: Response for direr ting doily activities of the program $ ambulatory health cate centers, including supervision of staff, facilities ond internal 
((intro! systems (patient How, coordination of services). 
DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL PROJECTS Responsible for direction of pre paid health services plan and program wide monage meat information systems, including negotiation of service contracts, supervision of dato processing services and pro­ duction of statistical reports. 
QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced degree in health care or busi­ ness administration, or Bachelors degree in management 
4 plus at least two (2) years' experience in mid-level or up 

STORE MANAGERS AND 
ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 
Your Choice: LIVE IN 
SAN AN TO N IO OR AUSTIN 

Must have recent retail supervisor experience in one or more oF the following departments Wen's, ladies or 
Children's Wear; Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; Cosmetics loom to be a Store Monoger Good pay, good bonus, many benefits. Closed Sundays, reasonable hours. 

Call or write Mr. Brenner 
Or Mr. Grimm for confidential appointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
1T8 Soledad, Son Antonio 782o5 (ST2) 225-7163 

HAS IMMEDIATE 
OPENINGS FOR 

E X E C U T IV E O F F IC E R - M u st have e xp e n e n c e in m a n a g e m e n t a n d a d m in is tra tio n 

F IN A N C E O F F IC E R * M u st have w o rk in g k n o w le d g e o f a c c o u n tin g a n d b u d g e t p re p a ra tio n . 

F L IG H T O P E R A T IO N S O FFIC E R - M u st have c o m m e rc ia l a irc ra ft m a in te n a n c e e x p e r­ ie n c e at m a n a g e m e n t level 

S e n d re s u m e a n d sa la ry re q u ire m e n ts to 
P E R S O N N E L O FFIC E R 
CONFEDERATE AIR FORCE 
H E A D Q U A R T E R S : R EB EL F IE L D 
HARLINGEN. TEXAS 7855o 

- 
^ 

!r D A T A P O IN T P R O G R A M M E R N 

 j 
Dallas bas*‘#t (jrowth company has an imm*><Jiatf openiny for a Ddtapoinl Programme* Applicant must be well versed and have a m inimum of two years experience in D P 1 Io o DATABCJS, 
DATAPOLL and DAIA5HARL. Will be* responsible for the programming support of a multi location business system Competitive salary with profit sharing and excellent benefits. 

Send confidential resum e, including salary 

 history to: 
D ept K 
(Beisa *8orerha. m e . 

8 7 1 o Empress Row Dallas, TX 75247 

An 
Opportunity tmpioyer 

SEWING PLANT 
MANAGER 

 a 
Notionally known famous nome children's dress monuforturei ho* opening to* assistant o1 pion! monoger exppneiKed in children's dresses Great opportunity to* qualified individual rn Knowledge Lnglish Spanish tequtred 

 a Knowledge Of All Sewing Wont Procedures 

 a 
Agreeable. Relocate loredo. Texas 

Ell interested applicants desiring o position that niter* o challenge and a future, call or write in confidence Norman Greenberg 
S A M LANDORF & CO., INC. 
4 5 W E S T 1 8 S T R E IT , N E W Y O R K 1 o o 1 1 

R H O N E 2 1 2 - 6 7 5 - 7 4 2 o 

■--■*-■■ 
------------r 
— ■ -ll r ll ll I nr ■— — I IL I 
’ w* mr w *v > u $ it)u irc 9 rn I 
. 
W e r r 
* r s p e c i a l i t y L i n g e r i e s h o p ! ; tre to rv banker* Ease w e . $7o9 
♦ per level m anagem ent 
(preferably m h e alth rare pro 

2 s r $ : 'iTe a y* t a r , . . — 
■nh,n n f V ? J 
* 
CONSIHUCIIUN 
« SALAMIS. 
Begin of $15,ooo -f annually Excellent 

SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

PART TIME 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 

Regular 2 days work poi m r 
Distributor* 
In ventonas, 24 Stores that sell 
Patented 
Novelties 
Good income 
Ideal to# mon or wonton 
$37 9 2 
Gill; 
TED KARSTEN 

( 5 1 2 ) 7 3 2 * 5 1 4 1 

F IN O OUT obout the Aniw a* bu sine** Coll 43$ 347/ f l o w e r s h o p 
G O H investm ent, excellent lei a lion good re tire m e n t J m ile * 
(rom Lake M ott))* 
Alva 7 cam mer clot lot* I $47 326 9 5 Ask tai 
Judy 
For sale c ig a iv tty route and 44 
P oor eft* mac bine* good meant* tor Hilo# illation call 349 3761 Or 
J is t.f.l£ s .is s !s ii I i __________ 

OUTSTANDING 
RESTAURANT 
OPPORTUNITY 

"V to W Ie Mb M f to exnkewk 
•ilk e to to r y r p r i't 4 im • . 
MriMMv w to* Am WM to# • mtmhttok k«,« U k 4mm g y .. fusee 
#73,o44 toy 
#!* to *■>"*«• rf** kN M^toi*, w a,f a in! «S md to rn 

 mm hip 
E *1 r e ta il o c c e u n l* 
E a rn in g * 
$$99-4 week Investm ent $3999 lot nte'cbondise, return IO d o r* Con 
M r H am m on, (714)243 99*1. 3214 
Beltline. Ha 4>« Dqltg*, T» 73734 
M en* W om en* Ceugte* Retired 
M ilita ry Welcome toe investment bendable, m u tt 'rave suitable ve­ hicle 444 4947 (Aen F n tor appl 
K in a MW9I# _______ 
______ ___________ 
CAU I i i 1446 

Send info to 
P .O . B o n 3 9 5 8 2 
Son Antonio 78229 

G A N N E R FA R K L E A K E Y 
AREA 

W ell e s ta b lis h e d G ro c e ry 
Marc tor kale in Beautiful Hill 
C eu n try n e ar G arn e r State 
Fork doing a good bireme** 43 year* in one fam ily. $194,9oo p la t in v e n tg ry , a w n e r fin ­ anced 

 a im C ypras* Ledge in Uturns. 
Texas ga 3 a cre * with 4 unit*, hying q u a rte r* and en Sabinal 
River P rice *4o.ooo 

Hughe* Lend Company 
Box 4$4. Leakey, Texas 
________(3 )3 ) 222 3474__________ 

GROWING RESTAURANT 
Owner selling e n tire a s te l* al good location and w ill assist in smooth transaction Jim Wogner 
344 3341. 421 2444 
BOB JONES. REALTO RS 
JM G !!? 
Ice House F re d e ric k s b u i g Rd 
G ood p a r k in g 
34,399 cash 
732 o 734 or 734 7944 
L A U N D R O M A T to r sole 
24 washers. 2 big boys, 12 dryers. 2 d ry cleanin g m achines G ross 
$39,999 annual 633 9o43________ _ 

M IN IA T U R E G O LF CO URSES e a r * $14,44o $23,444 In s ta lle d outdoors or in d o o rs No m ore seaMns Priced at $9,999 Excel lent financing. LO M M A E N TE R 
PR ISE S , INC 
S CRAN TO N . PA 
IM d l (7I7)344$S39 

ANO ID E A L BIG O EM A N O NO 
C O M P E T IT IO N H IG H E A R N 
IN G S F R E E D E T A IL S W A L 
LACE COOK. BOX 2o34S. JACK 
SON MS 19299 491 923 1762 
U S POSTAG E STAMP 
V E N D IN G M A C H IN E S low est prices Investigate before you invest! Far tree inter motion, w rite including phone num ber 
SOUTHW EST S TA M P VEN DO RS 
ASSOC ,4733 $ G a ry , Tulsa,O K 
74 IQS 
____________________ 
WE BUY 
Businesses and inventories 
I KAHN A ASSOC 34 2 4877 
W E S T E R N 
A U T O A s s o c ia te 
Stere, established business in Bi shop. Texas Inventory and barid 

PERSONNEL 
Im m e d ia te o p e n in g s in tg rg e building construction compony 
F IE L D E N G IN E E R S 
3 yeors experience 
Q U A LITY CONTROL 
INSPECTO R 
Must be willing lo movo Nom city lo city 
Send resum e in confidence to 
F ra n k lin k o h u te k 
R F W Con structran Co , Inc 
PO Box 626 
Ternate. Tx 746o1 
E qual oppor tunity Em olovor 

♦tinge, including pension plan 
APPLICATIONS due by Mardi 31. 1977. Forward to; 
Su Clinica Familiar 
A ttni Ih p c v tiv o D ire c te r 
2 o 1 8 P e a s e S tr e e t 
H a r lin g e n , T e x a s 7 8 5 5 o 

A C O M P A N Y LEADER IN ITS LINE O F PRO I 
DUCTS REQUIRES: CIVIL ENG INEER to tak« charge o f design o f p ro p rie ta ry com plex co n ­ crete structures w ith fo llo w in g q u a lific a tio n s : 
1. M in. three yeors o f re sp o n sib ility fo r struc-] tural concrete design. 
2. Professional license 
3- Bilingual English-Spamsh. 
4. Leadership capabilities 

15 Some field construction experience^ desirable. 
P ts. s e n d C u rric u lu m V it a e to P .O . S o x 2 o 3 , 
T lo fn e p o n tlo . E d o . d e M e x ic o . M E X IC O . 

NEW FITNESS CENTER 
TO OPEN 
IN SAN ANTONIO 

International Spa Fitness (-enter 

 is opening M ay I st and is hirin g men and wom en w ho hove college degrees in PE, 
H ealth or ony re la ted fie ld . E xcellent p a y and good o p portunity fo r advancem ent. 

Call M r. V an 6 9 9 -3 o 3 o equal opp ortunity em ployer 

SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE UNIVERSITY 
POSITION' A ntlion# to Rto V k e President lo t U niversity 
AMe»> 

DUTt4$. 
9reed Noel end n d n u n tttrertve r*seen#ibm #to# in eluding bu# not lim ited to, 
Tit!* 
|S 7 the 
6VK k ie v 
A m endm ent end the T exet O pen k e to rd i Act. due p rotest, trusts, w ills end begw eits. AW trm ertve Av lion 

 low school 
Texet Stele 
#4 iw p 

- 
■ - 
- 
—-------------------- peen A rtel 
#egu tenons 

• I QUIP UKEN! $ 
Oreduete of en accredited preferably in She Stet# af Texe 
Be# I tom . often and e mini. y e en expstriense in law snottier 

SALARY; $16,3o9 pius commensurate with guehfucsfionx. 

APPUCATKM4S. 
Or A Hen W esson 
Vise President M r Urn. err tty A ffairs 
Southw est Texas Stair U niversity 
Sen Marcos, lo x e s 71444 
o4AM.IN I hwy I. 19X7 
Southwest lo xes Stets Unrverwty is en e rt.tm e rtv e es Mon. equal opportunity employer. 

D IS P E N S IN G 
C P T I C IA N /OO C r o w n i n g i l l * i l l ___________________ 

MONEY 

D I E T I C I A N C O O K ll you like ih iig te ii and waul lo eel away lo a country setting. We mg $7$,o99 $39,o99 down Con loc I n«*<> someone to monage ear food 
M r A lvar#! ($12)584 J il l service this summer 
We ore an urtl established Summer Camp in 
M iflH U L ' 
Texas Hill Country Goad sp f i l m i n g 
(ary, plus roam and board Coll 
We bay worm s under confr get 
ST* 2384421 or W rite 
PO Box Ile . 
Worm grow er* needed 
Hunt Tx 78924 
I I I 4SJ-314o 
‘ 
"■ 
WORM E N T E R P R IS E S 
14.49 office stare or cartage see mid *qvr tor ins (tee dei 111 S in 

MI? BUSINfSS OPRORTUNITiESj 
MUTED 

Local bookkeeping firm wishes lo purchase e stab lish e d m onthly bookkeeping tic count* 
Double entry books p re fe rre d , but no! reuuired Any offer will be const dsred I JI m e 
IM MHY TI IHM 

Borrow any am ount tm any our pose Private money 22/ 161o 

We wit! Sebec I one local Person lo service C om pany established ac counts We Offer only lop q ua lity fashion lin e s C om pony tra in in g ond assistance m ake high earn mgs p o s s ib le ! M in im u m in v e s t m e n f $574o C o m p an y offers in ve n lo rv boy b ack 
W rite today j 141 W 2249 $., barf (.ake Cliv. u t 
84115 or call ca rie d. M r Howard 

___ 
I 
M O V E D TO EL PASO 
- 
_ 
■ --- „ -■■■ 
. . . . . 
(9 Acre horse boarding fram ing 
B bktnejk Bhd In d iv id u a l leans 
(unify Employer farm , new m etal born, 199x145 39 
? ? ■ 
* . JST 
. 

CONSTRUCTION 
PERSONNEL 
Im m e d ia te o p e n in g s in la rg e building construction company 
F IE L D E N G IN E E R S 
3 years expenence 
OU AL I TY CO NTROL 
INSPECTO R 
Must be willing lo move from city lo city 
Send resum e in confidence to 
F ra n k lin K ohutek. R F W Con 
Sagerton Cd., Inc 
PO Box 438 
Tem ple. Tx 74591 
E qual oppor 

POSITION VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT 
Chairman • Dental Auxiliary Department 

Description 
Administration el the Demo! Assistant and Denial Hygiene homing pogrom*, including curriculum planning ond development facility and equipment planning bulleting, personnel selection, evaluation, ond supervision, and horn mg evoicxjtiofl 
Q uahlicalions. 
A Dentist of Dental Hygienist with Kernels Degree 

Salary: (ommensuraie orth experience 
Starting Ogle: 
Ai stat) os probeable ether selection 

Oo adrift# lee Application. Moy I, I WI. feivonnel Director 
Amande (pM igt l> o lox 44/ 
Amande, texas ft I / I 
AN I OU A l OPPORtUMtTV IM PUO VU 

 stalls, indoor a re n a , ra ce ra n ,I good house pool 
59 miles s A te rm s 
L A N D O N 
M A R T IN . 
494 4992 
_________ 
HO side ( conge tor rent ~$/<)9 mo 
* t* f F rfd e rn k S P u iy . o 724 7799 
O PEN your Own PIC A POP Soft 
Drink Factory Outlet Full Im# of soft d rinks, o a v a rtis td and ac copied w ith e x is tin g d e m an d 
$moM '" v e s tm e n t could m ean lo rg e p r o fit 
W rite 
E x p re s s 
News Box 4334, ban Antonio. Tx 

 yew . 
-rem m er wry ar r *---------— etA ci ro u e w a n ) a d in IMI tx eat ss n im s 
CAU IJS 1644 

 ll, 9 9 9 $ 1 9 ,96 o,9 o9 
H S M IL 
W ile y 

|EQ U ITA B LE | 
TRUST COMPAU! 
We seeciglue in lh# purchase of eC ho riel or Reoi E s id le Notes 
•F in a n c ia l Leasing 
• Sueton n e A ccounts R eceivable 
(Q U IR E A TT 
IC 
IN Q U IR E AT 224 9314 

D IE T IC IA N COOK ll you like children ond wont lo gel uway to a country setting We need someone ie manage our food service this summer 
We are an ort) established Summer Camp in the Texas Hill Country Good so id ly. plus room and board Call 
312 2)1-4421 ar Write PO Box IU , 
Hytrt, Tic 79924 
D IS P E N S IN G O P TIC IA N 
San Antonia 
Experienced dispensing optician 
N E E D f ASH?#' 
™ I " • • ‘led a l once la m anage busy u t H * v l e n f M h i r i i . pt*«ce Salary com m ensurate with r i l l exper tenet, profit share Pension 
— ^ ! l M!-"g,1-^ in<fnc* 273 4671 pion*, insurance Send rasum e lo 
R E A D Y cash ta purchase year 
Express News Box 4427. Son An real estate m ortage* 725 1473 
Ionia, Tx 1*297_______ 

NOriCE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements rn these lelunms sir o ie pl rd un th* premise Hist lobs el lf led writ be tiled sh the basis of merit without dtwnnitnshoii brio mr st sex unless thr (ob is « bomritdr sc 
.upsilons! quoMuij'iO" 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES thr Ss* Antonio Pliant Impioymtnl 
As** when h«s e nyd (sd* ol I thus 
Ie which eN its penult rmpioyment agent# rn tmh** s .ubsmbt tor rn to* motion shoo' pnrotr employment agr rn av j i action on campit] nt, tad 
.’ ,4 /th)/ al the dc I lei 
(utmost lur tao 

O ro fts m a n for m illw o rk shop dra w in g s W ork from g rc h ile c fur at plans, expenence desired, bul not e s s e n tia l 
87s 9611 
7 39-4pm Paul O riHer___________ 
E N G IN E E R IN G D R A F T S M A N m inim um 2 yrs experience C all 
838 3311 
G E N E R A L M A N A G E R 
A p n 
• ale residential recreation al de velopmenl lom m unily. Southwest 
Texas is seeking en oxpononcgd pet son la dirge! daily operation* 
Of Oil d e p o rtm e n t* 
M tn iin u n 5 years roconf experience as city m anager et smell community de sired or s im ila r e xperience ac copiable 
Stable person and pre fe s ste n a i b a c k g ro u n d is v a ry im portant Salary open Send re sumo Ie Express News. Box 4334, 
San Antonio. Tx 78T97 

Sharp* Personnel Sn -vice 
4327 Sovereign Dr 
Sail* 14o. (3121j49 3341 

PRODUCTION ; 

SUPERVISION : 

TRAINEE 
: 
6 

Excellent opportunity tot to 

 individual desiring to bi a * 

Production Suptrvisor ond * 

 working towards 
Pro 6 

 duction 
Management J 

Prefer college degree, j* 

Preferably ta Industrial Of » 

Production Management, J 

 but not mandatory Sand * 

 resume to: 
' * 

♦ 

♦ GLASTRON BOAT CO. * 
* 
6 rn 
» 
♦ 
6 
6 
» 
» 
6 

PURCHASING 
AGENT ie conduct elf ectivrfit* et 
^'cheung turn hon including 
Pl pro ut intent ond produit specification* lei SJO million growing tor vke compony 
S yr* fun holing 
Agent tx pen*net pretense 
Salary ie 
IZZI Send resume and salary history ie 
M ichael A. Nosil, 
Ow edgy et Personnel 
LaQuinta Motor 
InnB, Inc. 
PO la x 32o64 
San Antonio, tx / « / ! A 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 

91o8 REED DR. 

AUSTIN, TEXAS 787S8 

I quo: O pportunity t m»>Jo yet 

A 
* 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
■ * 

* * # 
* # 
* + + # + d r O W # 1 

IN S TR U C TO R a v i a t i o n m a i n 
TE N A N C E 
MUSI have FA A 
A ana P License, leachin g e xp er. 
•enc# ar vier red lull lim e position 

U i i L i J ______________________ _ 
AOB H U N T IN G ’ $17 $43,99o Ber n a rd H a ld a n e A Assoc 
(3 1 2 ) 
M3 )I44 Since 1947 Not a in u it menf agent v 

Worker's 
Compensation 
Claim Supervisor 

 needed toe 
Houston a rg o 
4 5 ywors ex po ne rice needed 
Salary open 

C o n t a c t J a c k f l o h i v g 

7 3 6 - 1 9 6 1 

•qual opportunity einpioytt 

M A N A G ER TR A IN E E $9 39o4 
Loom ell loon!#**, paid benefits 
Call T e rn Toad 43/ 1123 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LLIN G 
Etna Sv. 8793 Rough Ride, 

MCBI TRAWftS 
M e t KUBIC oily m olded, good with hands, figures und likes to wark 
?"•» ftyopl* $399 
$499 m onth 
Cad John Vest 
. . A ' i ' . ? * E m u ta y m t.n l S ervice 
82x 94/1 
2444 Chegoe 

o2867296 

E XPRESS - NEW S B O NU S A D S 
Sums $ 7 
TEXA S SIZE SAVINGS. . . «>d« s 
# 

N O N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

6o1 -PROFESSIONAL 
PROFESSIONAL 
EXECUTIVES 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

MEN-WOMEN 

 iSLML 
6o? SALES 
6o2 SALES 
San Antonio EXPRESS -N E W S — Sunday M arch 2 7 1 9 7 7 

6o2 SALES 
6o2 SALES 

SEEKING POSITIONS IN U.S. COMPANIES 
THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES OR ABROAD 
OUR 32nd YEAR WITH OFFICES WORLDWIDE 

National Executive Search, a U.S. based executive search firm, offers a unique service designed to assist qualified executives, earning $18,ooo or more to make a logically planned career move in the geographic area of your choice. We match your capabilities against available positions and negotiate on your behalf. In addition, we market your abilities as your represen­ tative to find an accepted position for you by initiating and con­ ducting a five point marketing campaign exposing you to other challenging opportunities. Phone or write for a confidential, no obligation interview. 

NATIONAL EXECUTIVE SEARCH— TEXAS 

CULLEN CENTIR-MARATHON BLDG. 
6oo JEFFERSON, Suit* 1S23 
Houston, Texas 77oo2 

TWIN TOWERS SOUTH 
8585 N. Stemmons Freeway, Suite 8o8 
Dallas, Tx. 75247 (214) 63o-7o41 

PHONE 713-654-9862 
R.M. CORNWALL a n d associates 

N o t an e m p lo y m e n t a g e n c y 

Executives 
M anagers 
Professionals 

M o st of the better, higher paying fobs are not adver 
Used Haldane can show you how to find these jobs . and how to get the inter­ views. Send your resum e today or call now for a no cost o1 obligation interview. 

N o t a placem ent agency! 

M 
■ 
W 
D f r e r n a r d 
I In Ida ne associates 

The only national job counseling and career management service. 

San Antonio 
C e ntu ry B ldg 
84 NL lo o p 4 1 o 
S uite ?75 West 
D e pt E 
(b 12) 342 3166 
San A n to n io , Texas 78216 
A lso H o u sto n and Dallas 

CUTlVt 

SP ASSOCIATES 
Professional Employment 
Consultants 

18oo N E lo o p 4 1 o 
828-5573 
“ WE RE THE PEOPLE WHO 
KNOW THE PEOPLE YOU 
NEED TO KNOW". 

A L L P O S IT IO N S LISTED 
B E L O W A R E FEE P A ID . 

TECHNICAL I 

(Call Ro9«r W hit*) 
PRODUCTION MANAGER 
$17,ooo to $2o,ooo 
I (Hoi metal produ't manufacturing operation leeks a person with o strong supervisory background In the area of sheet metol forming, spray pointing and assembly Must bi* obi* lo get things done through people 
INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER 
$14,ooo to $16,ooo 
Growing firm requires a KIE with experience in layout, methods ond woik measurement Knowledge of 
MIM would be helpful low volume high ticket product line. 
CIVIL MUNICIPAL 
ENGRS. 
Drainage, streets, sub­ division 
TO $18,ooo 
PRODUCT ENGR Form equip, machine design 
..................TO $16,ooo 
STRUCTURAL 
DETAILER/ 
(HECKER. Steel fabric 
................. TO $15,ooo 

DESIGNERS- 
DRAFTING 
PERSONNEL 

A position ottering ex cedent security ond op portunity tor on energetic ond hard working in dividual, experience in design ond development of site plans ond building details for light com memo! work. 
S years working experience re­ quired 

Send complete resume and solory requirements to 
ATTN: Director of 
Construction 
P.O. IOX SHOO I 
San Antonio, Id io t 
71214 

I qual Opportunity Im p lo rer 

Progressive 
Manufacturing 

 firm based in Austin 

 seeking an experienced 

Controller who will report to 

V.P. of Finance. Individual 

 must hove 5-1o years ex­ 

 perience in o Monufoc- 

 tunng 
Industry and be 

 fomiliot with 
Automated 

Accounting 
Systems 
A 

 strong G*neral Accounting | 

 background is necessary I 

 ond Tax experience would J 

 be helpful Send Resume ||- 

 and Salary History in Con 
I 

 fidence to: 

P.O. Box 9447 
PERSONNEL DIPT. 
AUSTIN, TcXAS 
78766 

 lcju ci/ O p p o rtu n ity 
E m p loye r 

[ a d m in is t r a t iv e ; 

(C a ll M y t o n G o ld m a n ) 
MANAGER OF EMPLOYMENT 
TO $28,ooo 
Will be in (borg* of recruiting (or electronics mig plant Will recruit professional, managers, exempt and non exempt 
Oegret and 3 S ytort experience a must 
Out­ standing growth oppot arty 
TRAINING SPECIALIST 
TO $23,ooo 
EOF systems bockaround m softward applications MIS group of ad ond gas compony Must be tx penencea in homing pogrom design and development and im­ plementation 
Degree a must 
Should be able Ie work with small gtoups 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
BANKING 

( C a ll M y r o n G o ld m a n ) 
V P Commercial loons (loge Bonk) 
S2S.ooo 
Exec V f 
(Small lank) 
$74,ooo 
V t Operations 
(large lank) 
$77,ooo trust Administrator 
(large lank) 
$75,ooo 
Asst Cashier 
(Small lank) 
$17,ooo 
Ct edit Officer 
(Small lank) 
$12,ooo 
AG loon Officer 
(Small lank) 
$17,ooo 
I emmet (tai loon 

MANAGERS 
Wa ar* seeking experienced 
HIMMER BUHDING 
MAURI At M A * A U M ! NI people who know th# business and wont to grow Wickes is th* ut dushy lead*! with sales af $1 billion plus Management develop men! program otters opportunities rn 35 slates Salary phis banus 
Wnl* now la ban I. Taylor 
WICKES LUMBER 
SIS N Washington Ave. 
Saamaee, Michigan 48*o7 
Equal Opportunity Employer M /f 

PROJECT MANAGER 
SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 
, M a te r c o n s u ltin g e n g in e e rin g 
I tu rn diesu es la em ploy re e n te re d 
O pe P A T IONS TR A IN E E 
Ik I OO 
M e n ! ro u e s , in c e n tiv e b o n u s , 
----------------------- — 
. ----------- 
P u b lic c o n ta c t. J e r r y W a r * , c iv il e ng in e e r w ith Ion ar m a re 

SUB-ASSEMBIY 
SHOP 
MANAGER 

Excellent Opportunity for 
Individual with good 
Supervisory skills ond S years experience in a Pro­ duction Line lype 
In­ dustry. Will be responsible for a Sub Assembly Shop supporting 4 production lines. Send Resume To: 

GLASTRON 
BOAT CO. 

91o8 REED DRIVE 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 

AUSTIN, TEXAS 

78758 

Equal Opportunity Employee 

I y rs experience in tbe m a n o s . rn v n I et m o la r m u n ic ip a l u tility design p ro d u c ts P rio r in filtra tio n in flo w a n a b a s is a n * sew er SVS ite m e v a lu a tio n s u rv e y e x p e r ranee d e s ira b le 
W ould consid e r non ro e ar e ro s io n a l w ith SASS exp S a la ry c o m m c n s ru a l. w ith e xperience 
Send resum e la 
Ex 

ICI TISI 
SNELL INO A S N E LL IN G jJSgiSX L it « S S S 1!? " to L ti& L 
P relessranol E xecu tio n 
C onsultants In t l 
P ersonnel C onsultants 
#741 IM ie. Suite CCU m 
- n n w 
______________________ _________________________ p ro g ra m m e r tra in e e SSS*, m u st press News Max CSS}, San A nion knew language- I day p aid bene ig, Tx 713*7 lit s t a n k e r s I m p 
S vc , Bree 
..------------------------- 
C row ning, I U C il l 
S TR U C T U R A L S TE E L 
— 
- .a can 
- ... ria AP T IM A N 
S te .d e e 
S O C IA L 
W O R K E R 
I , P E E -p id , * d o . a uto in c u r 
D e g re e 4 b ilin g u a l g et# g re a t anet le t a l Ie S lid e d in te re s t in p ute ntw l and too tust.. b o n k e r s 
E rn e 
Sue a rn a fu tu re 
P a u l lU e r t i t e tc * Jabs f r o n t a l I J I c T ll 
* 
* 
, , M 
South P la c e m e n t! ( v c 411 SW 
-------------------------- 
M ilita ry 

6o2 SALES 

>o*i 
ALL POSITIONS FEE PAID 

SALIS TRAINEE 
. . . . to $ 1 3 ,o o o base 

Our chem company offers an exciting ond rewording corner tor responsible sates rn drvtduals lf you want to be port of o sutcessfuf tradition ond toke pride in a well established corporation selling notionally advertised pro ducts for on expanding national conern, this position might be of special interest to you You wit) be considered for this position rf you hove demonstrated a definite pattern of achievement while attending college 
On* year soles or business expenence would be very ad vontageous Interviewing in our oftk* Tuesday 
Company cor -f expenses 4- bonus EEE PAID 

CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS 
. . . 
$ 2 o ,o o o -2 5 ,o o o 

Our chent company is seeking that speciol in dividual that is known oong his friends as THE 
PACESETTER to qualify you must show a strong track record in th* sols of construction oriented products San Antonio based territory Top Sales 
Rep in company eorns 6ok ond more Company cor 4 expenses. Call Monday Compony in terviewing in our office Tuesday FEE PAID 

LIQUOR SALES 
................$ 1 2 ,o o o base 

Enthusiastically supported by on exceptional sates force, our client compony has once ogoin proven itself os th* Number I leader in the h quor industry We believe (hot no company is laster to recogmre ond reword representatives for their individual performance ll you hove a yew of successful business or soles experience 
4 a college degree coll Anno Monday to or range on interview Compony cor 4 expenses 
+ lucrative bonus. HE PAID. 

MEDICAL 

$ 2 2 , o o o 

On* of the pioneers in th* medical community bos recently mode sianificonl strides in the medical field with their newest entry of diagnostic instrumentation Candidates opplymg 

 ti? 

We Boby Our Clients' 

 should have a proven track record selling ta i heovy volume buyers, preferably in th* hospital or computer held ll you hove demonstrated a pattern of ochivement ond have a high degree of initiative, pleas* submit your resume rn con­ fidence to lune lewis or coll Monday to orrano* on interview 
828 9o67 
Company offers a lucrative bonus and commission package Com pony cor 4- expenses FEE PAID 

CONSUMER PRODUCTS 
................ $ 1 8 ,o o o base 

HARDGooD5 DIVERSIFIED GIANT seeking in dividools with a proven pattern ol soles SUC 
CESS* One who is a (plus performer) money oriented ond con relate well with people on oil levels SUCCESSFUL as o HADER our client com pony continues INCREASED volume due to a combination of growth of their established pro duct bn* ond me development of their pro fessionol soles 
TEAM' 
Houston based, no overnight traveh You must hove 3 yeors SUC 
(ESSEUI soles experience ond a college degree 
Prior management experience gets oddea at tention. Compony otters company cor 4- ex peases 4- excellent bonus FEE PAID Coll June lewis Monday to arrange on appointment 

HOUSEWARES 
................ $ 1 5 ,o o o base 

National housewares company largest volume soles in southwest Prestigious accounts ntlude oil rno(or department stores. The candidate our client company is seeking will hove o strong soles background in housewares or smoll ap pliances and or experience calling on ma|or retailers. Excellent bonus 4- compony cor 4 expenses 
FEE PAID 
Interviews will be held 
Tuesday and Wednesday in our office 
Coll 
Nancy Monday for an appointment 

EDUCATIONAL 
REPRESENTATIVE 
Bell & Howell Schools 
OlvltUHI of 
BELL & HOWELL 
W e need p e rm a n e n t re p re s e n ta tio n fo r the San A n to n io a rea 
The in d iv id u a l selected w ill be p a rt o f the fin est n a tio n w id e n etw o rk o f re sid e n t schools te a c h in g In d u s try o rie n ta te d 
E le ctron ic* 
T e chn o log y 
R e spo n sib ilitie s in elude: le c tu rin g in H ig h S chool ond in te rv ie w in g students a nd p aren ts in th e ir hom es. Som e over n ig h t tra v e l a nd evening hours re q u ire d 

Te chn o log ica l k n o w le d g e is N O T re q u ire d , b u t successful sales e xp e rie n ce , p u b lic sp ea kin g a b ility , o n d a p p re d a tio n o l Technical E du ca tion ore a m ust 
Insu ra n ce ond b a c k g ro u n d d e s ira b le 
H om e o ffic e tra in in g p ro ­ vided 
P osition o ffe rs to p e a rnin g s, to n u s e s , e xpe nse s, p ro fit 

 shoring, g ro u p insurance o nd a to g h t fu tu re w ith the fastest g ro w in g d ivisio n o f {Tell & H o w e ll 
CALL MR. CLAY MAOREL 
5 1 2 -3 4 4 -4 5 8 1 
BUN.-MON. ONLY icy wa! O pportunity Employer 

Page I 7 -M 

6o2 SALES 

NEW OPENINGS 

ROUTE SALESMEN 
★ Commercial 

 license Required 

Apply at 

2o1 E. Grayson 
Canada Dry 
Bottling Co. 

FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
9 A.M . to 5 P.M. 

We car. train you to earn up to $4.oo per hr. making calls from our office, we are on the bus line and we have free parking. 

 lf you are 18 or over and need a steady job with a chance for advancement please call 

MR. COLEMAN 
2 2 5 - 2 8 1 8 

 an equal opportunity em ployer 

828-9o67 
June Lewis & Associates 
Placem ent Service 
SALES 83o N.C. Loop 4 1 o 
Suite 2o9 

APPLIANCE SALES 

We have an opening for a person interested in making money in a permanent position. 
Sales experience helpful, but not necessary, as we will train you. 

We are an established firm selling America’s best appliance lines and offer top com­ 

 m is s io n a o o d draw insurance benefit 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

Oaf rantinumg 
•xponiran b ai 

 evened residential sates pasitiens tar career grunted persons arith cr without experience Year suc­ cess potential ie thoroughly ex­ 

 plored in our confidential in ­ terviews 
Extensive in-house training program 
(a ll 
Bill 
McGinnis 
• 
Irookhollow 
Office 
494-7651 or lorry Segrave - Sen 
Pedro Office S24-o12I. 

 f t o s o u r & k S m f c ^ 
REALTORS-5o YRS. OF TRUST 

NATIONAL FOOD 
MANUFACTURER 

SALES OPENING 
SAN ANTONIO AREA 

CAR, BONUS, EXCELLENT 
FRINGE BENEFITS 

SEND RESUME TO: 
ROBERT BoZSAN 

GENERAL DELIVERY 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217 
Equal Opportunity Employ*! 

SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
*1 2,ooo-M 4 ,o o o Plus 

Agency Tee paid by client compony 
Unlimited opportunity for ad mimstrative minded individual with successful bockgrouno Out client h a manufacturer and wholesaler of consumer products ond is seeking on 

 aggressive individual who is profit conscious ond results orientated Auto 

 ond expenses provided 
SALES MGMT TRAINEE 
‘ l l , OOO to *1 3 ,o o o Plus 

Agency fee paid by client compony Recently separate compony grade officer It or (opt preferred Position involves complete training in soles mgmt administration Income and advancement opportunities open ta 

 the individual selected Expenses ond automobile furnished 
SALES TRAINEE 

‘ 1o,ooo Base Salary 4- ‘4,ooo Approx. 
Commission = ‘ 14,ooo First Year Income 

Agency tee poid by client compony plus auto ond expenses ptovtded 
College degree necessary tee this position requiting an aggressive rn dividual who wishes to be involved with on oggiessive soles oigonuotion ond wonts to progress into mgmt within a lew years (meet oppty most inviting and tewaiding Bilingual helpful but not inquired 
By Appt. Only 

 le llu n iT iB m i f c m iil m p u r n t r u i r r 

1259 Jackson Keller 
‘ 
342-2391 

* GET YOUR FEET WET BEFORE * 
* 
YOU TAKE THE PLUNGE 
* 

* 
* 
^ Now you can launch a new career while you ^ 
^ k e e p your present job! Since Farmers l n - ^ 
^Csurance group will train you without cost a n d ^ ( 
W pay you full commissions while you learn, 
Before you know it, you'll be making waves ^ pCin a rewarding life-time profession. Call for 
^ f u l l details, Charles Manley at 656-8266. 
Ag 
■ W rktrk'k'k'k'ktctc'k'k-k'k 

SALES 
W e 'v i Got a W inner! 
EARN $ 1 ,ooo PER WEEK 

Qualified leods furnished. 
Franchise or distributorship experience helpful, but not mandatory. Must be immediately available and willing to travel. 

Call Mr. Roberts TOIL FREE 
I 8oo 848 
197o or (collect) 1-614-228-1751. 

Monday • Friday 9 A .M .-6 P.M. 
Sat. 9 A M .-l P.M. 

SALES MGR. 

Ftofoi soles A design expenence 

 necessary 
Will buy nationally ond supervise dept Bonus Soloty 
A fee nego 

SALES REP AUSTIN, TX. 

National advertising company 

 needs mate or female for Austin area Must be very familial with 

 city ond reside in o1 relocated lo 
Austin 
Minimum of 
I year 

 outside sates expi $8 4K 4- $2oo month expenses 4- bonus 

SALES COORDINATOR 

Aggregate products ond or heovy equipment experience for inside 

 position To $I2K. Vt tee poid 

SALES REP 

Expeneced sates individual, preferably in chemicals, to coll on institutions 
Two yeors college minimum Ta $I3K 4 expenses 
(out of town) 
4- comm foe 

 retmb 

SALES REP. 

Dogieed female or moi# for 5 A territory lino'ate tenet $1 IX 4 

 expenses 

SALES REP. 

Degreed mate at female for 5 5W 
U S 
Not I company 
Some 

 business t ip i pteferred lo SHK 

4- bonus 4- cot fe e 'relocation pard 
826 9671 
2446 (tepee St 

 g 
SALES TRAINEE 
“ g NEEDED IMMEDIATELY j| 

Earnings up to $6o,ooo per year. Must be 
^ neat in appearance & have own transport k 
M lotion 
^ 
( 
^ 4 
Apply in person only 8 :3 o -1 o a.m . 
| 

^ 
11 5 1 4 J o n © * M a lts b e r g e r 
\ 

| s ls i s x s f $ x 
» m i s if l t ) ! 

PROFESSIONAL 

TEACHERS! 
S pecratiim a Teacher alacem ent 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L SRV 
3o7 J a c fc ttc KaMar 
13*13*3 
W anted D ire c to r tar K in d e r Care le a rn in g ca nta r. C3J7 E v a r t Rd in te r v ie w in g 1oam lp m Tuacdav 
.Win at ISO J Thousand Oo h 

6o2 SALES 

A new CR M a g a lia * ic looking for a San A ntonia R epresentative It you have and o ttic a ond o tale phone m o d at your in vestm en t* ic a lre ad y p aid G at into this lu c ra ­ tive held today bv c o llin g A ustin 
I A le r t ly U n ite r Doc* E dito r 
A P R O C E SS IO N AL P A Y C H E C K ta r a p ro fe ssio na l lob arati done 
Salt tine hem e# in San Antonio, fu ll o r o a r t- tim o no e x p o rio n c a needed lf vau hove a ve er al cal- ; i 

 ieaa, o r a ra ta k in g (a r p la n la ta k e ) a R eal E stole lo u r ce. ar a r* licensed e l d Uke la folk lo you 
A of m oi h o m in g school 4 on tho ta b t r a in in g 
Wo c p o c ia liit in b uyer# com m a in fro m out of tow n who m ake a d erisio n in l l d ay* 
Don t be a fra id ta ca ll a m anager now 
I N T E R S T A T E Q 7» til A pm 
A s s is ta n t ta a w n e r, p a r t tim e m a n a g e m e n t p o s itio n in lo c a l consum er se rvice o utle t SI3.oo* a y e a r d a r tin g P er in te rv ie w ap p o in tm e n ! c a ll #74-o173 betw een i to m to m Mon-Sat 
. 
: AVOW! 
I 
W HY P U N C H A T IM E CLOCK 

YOU DON I H A V E TO ! 
Ac an A von R e prese n ta tive you m a ke y o u r aw n h ou r# ru n your own business E arn p ro d u cts Par d eta ils, CON 734 o*41 

CAU 23S m oo 

RESEARCH ASSISTANT 
S831 Month 
M u d h o v e b a c h e lo r d e g re e rn b io c h e m ic a l s c ia tic * 
Some ax p a rla n c e in a n im a l s u rg e ry , rg d tg im m u n o u s s a y * a nd ca ll*# Ira n ad brauna' cat sam ples is ra g m ra d 
A pply *« parson p l 
P a r san m n ach re 
UT H ealth Science Cantel 
77#) A lo rd C u rl Dr San Antonia. 
Ta t a u o l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r___ 

 b ilin g u a l tra v e lin g salesm an Sp lo r y 4 c o m m issio n L ea d in g re ­ c o rd co m p on y 
A pp tv in p arson i I t a l 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g 
R d 
____________ 
C E L E B R IT Y JE W E LR Y 
141 IIH 
C O M M U N IC A T IO N S 
C all aa in d g s tr v cm d b u s in e s s 
S U SUO 
4 com 4 Banus 4 Cg car 4 P ull ax# a c c t G re a t B e n e fits J e rry w a rd . M I ISSI 
, 
S N E LL IN G * S N E LL IN G 

W H y P I T 1 IrtxnjffMII r o e IA S I BISCH IS 
*■ AC I lU U t W A N I A p 
My IIM IX n e t SS N IW A 
CALI 33S I AAA 

I 
IF TOU ARE j 

NOW IN SALES 
' 
I OR WOULD 
| 

LIKE TO BE 
1 ond have lived in San Antonio 7 I 
V or mere yew yru may quo,tty I 
( 

 foe up Ie $149o pet month so ary V 

PIUS earn contmtsston ut • .cest A of that satori Start this up**! I with a 3 week training school in I 
I 

Cither 
Dalles, 
Kansas City or J 
I anabasse# 
AN tronspertatioa 

 end other casts pox) by IDS 
I 

PIUS o solory white you we al I the school a 
I 

R* mute you. men or woman, ta I 

 let rn en an introductory doss 
I then you con fudge it a emeer in I 
I 

 financial services is tar you 
V 

Reply in confidence to 
I 
( 

J o h n K lc k o r 3 4 9 -1 7 6 3 
I b*twg#n Bom-Spm 
A 

Investors 
L 

Diversified 
Services, Inc. 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 

Again we must apologue to many families wha have sent rn re quests far information ragouting 
Britannica 3 We lost don t have enough representatives ta follow 

 up end sod ta prospects Mi then 

 hemes 

BUT WI ARI TRYING!!! 

REPRESENT ALIVES 

URGENTLY NEEDED 

$8oo poi month or mote Mi com 

 missions possible 
We wilt tram you 
Must hove cat 
We work mainly en leads appointment 

 basis full time only 
7 3 2 -2 1 o 5 

<8> 
SP ASSOCIATES 
Prefetdoeiai E m p lo y m e n t 

C o n su lta n ts 
HOO N I. Loup 41o 
828 5573 

“ W I RE THE PEOPLE 
WHO KNOW THE 
PEOPLE YOU NEED 
TO KNOW". 

SALES 

(Coll Sonefy Howard) 

B y A p p o in t m e n t O n ly 

ALL POSITIONS FEE P A ID 

SPUNG 
. . This is time for 

 change for tebirth, for getting 

 your act togefhet lake a look at yourself end see if yow kke whet# you ce going Thera era lots of opportunities ta choose h (Mn let us help you moke a selection (all or send resume ta 

Sandy Nowata 

IN O U S TdlA l SAHS C M .,IN IIX 
» , , 
N o tfO fw l m o f tu k H t v r t r 
Hob 
W n 
A n to n io t« rrit© ry 
Ofittm rtg to 
Boti tndw ifttq l fo o it to wMkrttf|p. Omp t k t n l c o m p a n y it o n o g f f t n t v t , po B o lt i-o r ton* od le a d e r m fk tip 
H t W 
© H o p in g t a t e r ? p k n c o m p e rt? car p k ft 
(e c ro tiv o b o n e * 
(H e n 
TH#? w o n t o 
*>oM-t o c c id e n t in* d lv wk jd t a |oin M to n bo!ob c ro w w h o h e w * p r o v e n rn* d o Bt* ta! to to * 
• A lo r t o n * * . f i r s t y o n * r oo t)* tic inc © m o f i t OOO $ 1 9 OOO 

 net w e ac sutras r . . o»e at 
•ha bast sate. ope altu n .»»» we trave ta o - rn ram # M e lu st C a t o — a v a il a b le t h is tx 

 art a rt $1o.ooo bara glut a. a* 
*7 OOO av w 
Hrs* year 
The tom turn, Mw hod graaC tux- tost Wish paopla tram tho toad. baal eh and beauty aid. medical ar attic# equipment backgrwund WHI 

SALES 

MMITED TRAVEL 

Guaranteed weekly draw plus homing in-infixes from $2oo ta 
$35o ogoir.st libero) commissions 
Se mo. salesmen earning $18,ooo 

 ta 
$45,ooo 
Management op 

 portumties 

HINGES INdUOE Hospitoluation. life 
Insurance, 
Profit shoring, 
Retirement 

You receive soles homing rn the territory Our products are non 

 technical ond readily learnable 

We sell ta the Industrial, food 
Processing Automotive ond In stituhonol Market High quality products bring profitable repeat 

 sates 

You must hove a successful work or self employment history Soles 

 background 
Optional 
A let* 

 model cot required 

Interview MON E llis­ 

 ton You Ovality? Contact 

STEVE COOPER 

(512) 732-5141 

In Son A n to n io 

In unable to ranch rand 

 resume to: 

DC IT A F O R E M O S T 

C H E M IC A L S 

P O IOX 3o31o 

MiMPttlS, TM. SADO 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

E A R N E C TINE E N 1 1 S. OOO end lls .o 6 o a year. b uying and ra ilin g rent estate en a slate wide basis 
Ne e x p e n e n c e n e c e s s a ry , w ill tra in 
1)3 lid / 

E M _ 
JA M MITCHEL! 

MAMANI) RANCH SALIS 
CON J M Cum nino n R ealtor 

8o1 JONIS, RIAL I OR 
H 4 J H I_______ 

F IV E 
D O L L A R S A N H O U R , 
K na p p Shoe p a rt tim e sa lesm an e arn this m u ch and m ore because c o m m is s io n s a re h ig h e r th a n e v e r 
N O in v e s tm e n t* 
F re e e q u ip m e n t! F re e t r a in in g p ro p ro m t F re e shoes! in te r e s te d 1 
W r ite 
H E 
M a g n e r. K n a p p 
Shoes 
1*4 K napp Center, B rock tan. M assachusetts o34o1 
FOOD B R O K E R in te rv ie w in g tor a sa le s m a n in th e San A n to n io m a rk e t, e s ta b lis h e d c a lls , c a r fu rn is h e d , in s u ra n c e p ro g ra m p r o fit s h a r in g , a n d a x p e n s a t, t ra c e ry e x p e rie n c e p re fe rr e d e n d re s u m e to E x p r e s s a n d 
News, Box Nd 443d. 7 )3*7________ 

FULL CHARGE 

MANAGO 
L a d ie s S p e c ia lty S h o p 
N a rth side toe a lla n Meieisates ex p e n a n c e w ith M is s y c u s to m e rs im p e l tam M ust nave selling end m g m t gxge rra n ce A dvancem ent upper fo u lly t i luge b e n e fits, sa 
Ia r y 4 b e n u * In te rv ie w w ith re sume C all M iss le v ie r *34 Sec! 

F U L L 
T IM E 
T E L E P H O N E 
S A L E S O P E R A T O R p o s s ib le Roger Soge m a n a g e m e n t p o s itio n 
C a ll 
*34 33oo or apply at l/3 « SM M ill 
M T DJL------------------------------------------- 

.O CAL A M W A Y D IS T R IB U T E R s ta rt now. o p p o rtu n ity to r good earnings, you p ick the hours, we from , tor in te rv ie w c o ll CSC S*14 
M AGIC TIM E M A C H IN E S 
U ltra m o d e rn e le c tro n ic d e v ic a , L a w k ty soles to a tty ’*. CPA s. 173*o 
D r o v e IS S c o m m 
C a ll L e e 
B aker. 341 3**1 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m ploy 1o3 W R E C TO R S ervice 
N u rs e ry m a n , T e x a s c e r tifie d . duties in clu de c a re and sates of lr # # * a n d s h ru b s 
S a la ry ca m m e nsurata w ith e xp a rie n c e . con ta c t 
J im 
S c h u l! 
N u e r s e r y , 
I 43o 3331 
_______________ 
O ur Ad U n d e r B u s in e s s D u p o . tundra* See K in g sm en 

PART TIME SALES 
M e n s c le t h r a * e x p e rie n c e re q uired P M p a rt tim e h o u rs Ap ply in p oiso n I (tom til fp m LAW 
FORDS 3o* W o n de rla n d M a ll, lo 

F u rn itu re c o le i p e rs o n w ith in ie. IO! design e x p e n e n . * 
A pply 
C entral P o i X Inter lo t s 
______ 
"h o u s e W it t you should too* into the r asiden hoi rout astute Held You son tu rn your sp ill e tim e into (lo lle rs ond then uo on lo o to ll Hedged reui extol* r or eel we w ill fro m voo c o m p le te ly tu h ave a c a re e r ot y o u r o w n 
J u s t O N I c o ll co n 
(h u n g * VOUI lite ‘.louse nosponds 
O le a lso w elcom ed* til SCo4 
EU G IL B t R I R E A LTO R S 
It you liv e in the W in d c re s t Cd m etal o re u a re p erson ab le m o lure w e llsp o ke n a ttra c tiv e , ana would Ilk * to be a salesperson in me only store of its k in d in Son 
A n to n io r a il 
M r 
J o h n s o n 
6)4 o711 IU urn I pm 
_ _ _ _ _ 

INDUSTRIAL SI? SR to r r i p bonos m e lo h rm g egoip 
Way i ll 3711 U U SW M a n o r, 
Jv9 
Y r 
LE A S E ANO E A R N w e need a n e xp e rie n ce d le a s in g agent or we w ill tra m you rn our leasing dept A pp lica n ts m o rt be tar near m en tor Urn Anton#* and fa m ilia r w ith apt m d u rtry Inte r v ic in ity , s h o u ld be the w e e k ly ectod persons m ust su bm it a tot averag e e a rn in g s Good MMR w ilt le i pf re fe re n c e * and resum e and e xcee d th is 
Nu p re v ra u s sdtos else trave e c u rre n t re a l estate ex# n ece ssary, it you a re am b. salesm ans license E a rn in g s are 
Haw* a n * g la c e a b iga .a lo e in d e p e n d e n t en y e a r a b ility e nd in ten t ii v ana ra il respect We w ill h a rd arui k 
W ill w a rk in A ustin tra m you sa th a t you re earnin g s Q oalihed get sans se n* le tte rs and wit) begun the firs t week CgP M i re s u m e s in c a re e t 
P e rs o n n e l 
Joseph 34* 431*. )« * 4147 d a y s 
O ep l. I M ) w 
A ve. A u s tin , l h 
Iv e s 13) 4)74 
747o1 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS c o m m is s io n to s ta r t, c a llin g on our c u s to m e rs C a r n e c e s s a ry 
M u tt be n e a t a n * c le a n c u t 
♦ H H >2_____________ 
P osition a v a ila b le im m e d ia te in 
Eon A nto nio ta r S oteem on to m i 
Hat w ith m edicol In d u strie s up to 
3)K par y e a r 
A lt b e n e fits a nd stack options bond resum e lo La la c 
Inc 4o) E 
A n d e rso n Lane, 
J U * m 

T E R R IT O R Y R E P 
W e ll e s la b 
' tith e d n a t'l c o nce rn . P ro d u c tiv e te r r it o r y , c o r 4 e xp. b on use s, p o te n tia l 
S14 K . 
T o m 
S n o w . 
M I ISSI 
! 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p loy 1o2 W R IC T O R Service 
; Unique g ro w th o p p o rtu n ity w ith a 
S3oo.ooo.ooo c o m p o n y tor those who q u a lify , s a la ry , ond co m m is 
| sion )38-SSQl__________ _ 
USA n ow h irin g S alesm e n o n d 
M o n op ers CSo-SIS5_______________ 
WE N E E D YOU 
Have lots of ca lls, clie n ts Hom es, a p t lo c a tin g , c o m m e rc ia l 
E x p andinq office lu st off 41o NE. 
M AC R E A L E STA TE 838 3S31 
W O U L D YO U L IK E TO KN O W 
M O R E A B O U T A C A R E E R IN 
R E A L E S T A T E A N D THE AO 
V A N T A G E S T H A T O N L Y R E D 
C A R P E T C A N O F F E R IN NW 
S A N A N T O N IO ? C A L L B O B 
W AN D R ISC O 4*41133 FOR CON 
F ID E N T IA L IN T E R V IE W 
RED CARPET 

YOU CAN MAKE SSS 
Come in and let us show you how to m ake in excess *3 o o per week 
We o fte r m o s t c o m p re h e n s iv e tro th in g , obove a verag e co m m is sion. established com pony nam e 
■ n a tio n w id e re lo c a tio n s e rv ic e 
F o r c o n f id e n t ia l o p p I. c a l* 
*34 33*1 o r 734 222S 
*24 23*t (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S A ustin H w y Ole 

•YDUR OWN AGENCY® 
I F o rm e rs tnsu ro n ce G roup o tte rs co m p le te tro in ln g p ro g ra m and a ll ty p e s o f in u ro n c e 
C o ntin u e p re s e n t lo b w h ile s ta rtin g y o u r own a g e n cy on p a rt tim e basis 
T ra in in g and supplies ta rn is h e d 
For a co n fld e n tio l in te rvie w , con t a c t 
S a le s 
M a n o g c r, 
J e r r y 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

■ TULL TINK | 
S2SS Pip Week 

REAL ESTATE 

SALES O PPO RTUN ITY 
DEANIE OWENS COMPANY REALTORS is looking for people interested In pursuing • career In leal Estate 
Sates We (an atter you o repute hon built on proftiuonol rennet ta out (hents We (en also otter you an intensive company end* ond In 
House training program designed ta intreos* your chances of sue cess loc on appointment to further discuss your notch, ond ours, coll 
34 4-67 o7 

DEANIE 

OWENS CO. 
RlAlTOtS— AALS 

N. WEST O K 

PLANT 
SUPERINTENDENT 

Glowing Dallas tjoa compony requires experienced superin tendon! 
Reports ta general monoqet food conning ontf mointenonc* experience essen 
Hoi 
Degree desned Excellent colory and conditions Coll Mi 
| , Knapp (214) 357 5747. 8 3o 5 
AM collect or tecum* to P o. 
BOX 2o364. DALLAS, IX 7522o 

CIVIL ENG TECHNICIAN 
P osition open to r C iv il E ng in ee r mg Technician for person cxp er ranced in d ra ftin g W ork consist of stre et, d ra in a g e , s a n ita ry sew er and w a te r d is trib u tio n plans and p ro file s , p e rm a n e n t p o sitio n , sa lo ry depending on q u a lifica tio n s 
P a p * D aw son C o nsu ltin g E ngm ears *24 *4 *4 ___________________ 

CIVIL FIELD ENC 
J y r* in layout, tra n s it, p rin ts . 
R ay *22-37)1 1233 SW M ilita ry 
Job E x p e rts Inc P la cem e n t Ser 
C o m p u te r P ro g ra m m e r IB M CO 
B O L , a x p e r ie n c * p r e fe r r e d . 
» 2 » * m 
D ental L ob C eram ist, im m ed ia te opening. 2 to 3 ye ars expe rie n ce 
P recision D ental Lob CS4 1343 

FINE CAMERA 
SALES 
Notional compony on lh# move hoc a position let a has camera cetecpe'con 
Must hove full knowledge ol 35mm cameras ond occeccoctet Opportunity lot od vonctment full employee 

 benefits 

FOX PHOTO 
1734 Broadway 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

F ie ld se rvice Tech. 
| e le c tro n ic exp , ca w ill tra in 
*1o,ooo4 Coll Dan D aniels 
733 27C1 
S N E L L IN G it S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo ym e n t S ervice, *c G ill Rd 
‘ 
N E E D W O R K ? L oca l e n g in ee rin g firm to k in g app lica tio ns tor fie ld inspector of concrete co nstru ctio n and so il te s tin g B a c k g ro u n d in b u ild in g co nstru ctio n and or test mg re q u ire d solar y *4So lo **24 a m onth C all 34* SIC?______________ 
O P T IC A L C A L IB R A T IO N TECH 
N IC I AN 
E x p e rie n c e in c o b b ra ! 
In g a n d r e p a ir in g o p t ic a l m e a s u re m e n t g ro u n d s u p p o rt e q u ip m e n t B enet.! p acka ge , sa lo ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x p e r ranee A pply Technology. Inc L ite 
[S cien ce s D iv *531 N New B ra un 
R iels A ve 834-?373 E q u a l o p p o r tu n ity em p loye r 

SALESMAN 
I 
RARE OPPORTUNITY 
2. 
EXCEPTIONAL PRODUCT 

3 
PRESTIGE BUSINESS 
4 
CAU ON BUSINESS ANO IN 
oU5TRT 
5 
IMMEDIATE INCOME 

Motor manufacture bos opening for taler minded person in the 
San Antonio area for interview 
(OU tolled 
M R . HENSCHEL 
( 3 1 3 ) 5 6 8 - 5 2 5 2 

P R O G R A M M E R 
In n o v a tiv e ap plica tio n of co m p ute rs to e nviron m en! *13,ooo. Fee ad. Lee B a k e r. i 341 2**1 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E m p loy IOT W RECTO R S ervice 

Programmer, fee pd. 18K 
E x c e lle n t o il and gas co. needs p ro g ra m m e r to o p e ra te and sa p e rv is e c o m p u te r d e p a rt. M a n y benefits, e xce lle n t fu tu re . * day lo c a l 
B a n k e rs E rn e 
S vc., *7oo 
CrownhiH *2 * #133_______________ 

TECHNICAL MANAGER 
*1.2oo. good ty p in g , s h o rth a n d , k n o w le d g e of lib r a r y re s s a rc h . b ilin g u a l, * day 
B a n k e rs E n ip 
Svc , *7oo C row ning, *28 cl23 

TECHNICAL MANAGEri 
*(.7 oo . good ty p in g , s h o rth a n d k n o w le d g e of lib r a r y re s a a rc h . b ilin g u a l, * day 
B a n k e rs E n ip 
Svc , *7oo C row ning. *7 * #121 

WANTED 
To p a y to p com m ission to to p producers w ho w ill s ta ff our new N o rth C en tro t o ffic e 
To fin d o u t d e ta ils on the m ost p ro oressive deal in tow n, ca ll 
DICK DAVENPORT at 
6 9 1 - 1121. 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

WANTED IN FT 
WORTH 
Two W ay R a dio T e c h n ic ia n ta ll tim e e m p lo y m e n t by a tw o w ay ra d io sales s e rv ic e an C om m on 
C a r r ie r O p e ra tio n 
M o s t h a v e firs t or second class license M ust h o v e m in im u m 2 y e a rs e x p e r ranee ut a lf ty p e s e t M o to ro la e qu ip m e n t E x c e lle n t c o re e r op p o rtu n ity . good Co benefits, Sa lo ry open 
C alf 
*17 *73 /3 )4 o. send in q u irie s or resum e to CIR 
C L E C O M M U N IC A T IO N S CO 
2746 S F re e w ay, FT W O R TH . TX 
IA P * _____________________________ 
W A R E H O U S E 
O p p o rtu n ity to m ove in to su p e rv is o r post A uto m a rk e t *4*o6 y r. C all Lee B a ke r. 
341-2**1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
^ g j> to Y lO !\J M jM E ^ T O d < S e n y c e 

6o5 RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B LY 
4 **-T 6l* 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

A C C O U N TA N T 
In d iv id u a l P roc titio n e r is s e e k in g a c c o u n ta n t 
M u s t hove a d eg re e in a cco u n t m g 
P r e fe r C P A 
E x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity tor p a rtn e rs h ip Rep 
Iv lo P O B ox 444, J o u rd a n to n 
Texas 78o)4 
A D M IN IS T R A T IV E ASSISTANT 

W ork w ith ooIe rn p re s tig io u s position C all P at K irk 4*7 1123 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E w e Svc *2o1 Rough R ider 
Co cg rre sp o n d a n t. college g ra d to tra in and develop in re w a rd in g career w ith natl 

Counselor 
E a rn {*66 4 
Fast Iro n ic agency needs e x p e rie n c e c o u n s e lo r o r w ilt tra in sharp person ta r o peo p l* o rie n te d ca re er 
B onner P ersonnel S ervice. Inc 
7o*2 San P edro 
824 te n m FRONT OFFICE 
MANAGER 
C ontact M r 
R o be rt M a u rin s for a dd itio na l details M E N G E R HO 
TEL 

Public Relations Sales 
E x c e lle n t s a la ry , p iu s c o m m is s te n 
A t t r a c t iv e p e rs o n (o r inside o utside p ositio n Oppor tun tty to build ye ar carotte w ith our su ccossful g ro w in g co m p an y 
It you a re tille d w ith e n th u s ia s m and seriously w a nt ta succeed 
CgH MS H O L M A N . 4*4 4**1 
F u rn itu re C era O* A m e ric a 
E qual O p p u .to ii.lv E m p lo y *. 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
We need I sales person ta spec.a 
H ie in b e lte r re s id e n tia l p ro p a rtie s on th e N o rth s id e w ill c onsider m in m m u m e x p e rie n c e 
**.366 Cqtl Betty G ra n t 732 2'Jci b u t re q u ire a p ro fe s s io n a l a tli 1 tude 
Best w o rkin g condition A ll in te rv ie w s c o n d fid e n tia l R E A L 
TORS 34 1 7261___________________ 

S15D Route Sales S25owk l f E t R E IM B U R S E D ) 
21 u p 1 N a t l ce w ill tra in 7 begin ners 4 need 2 s u p e rv is o rs , a ll frin g e s 
John H a m p to n * )3 434o 
Jobs South P lacem ents Sue 413 j 
Stet M tttta ry 
■ 
SALES PERSO N NE COCO 
We c a n 't put it to m usic — 
BUT 
Large M u sica l In s tru m e n t D is lri b u ’or needs a re p re s e n ta tio n in m u lti state sales We a re to ta le d in easy ta reach Dow ntow n area 
A ccessible Ie e xpressw a y M ony benefits plus sa lary pius com m is sion 
C a ll us ta r o p p t, a sk to r 
George Solas 227 6211 
LE T S G ET T O G E T H E R !! 
SALES R E C E P TIO N IS T ***6 
P ublic relations plush office 
Call C oral K leiber o 7 1123 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LL IN G im p Syc 8263 Rough Rider 
SALES REP *12,666 
Aggressive ca re er orie nto a 
Coli M ike M etis CSJ 1123 
S N E LLIN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m o Svc *263 Rough R ide! 
S11 OOO Sates Rea 
A re you a ffile tic ond kn ew sp o rts? Some ro t rage 4 bkgd Paul E lle r *23 4)#* 
Jobs South P lacem ent Svc C li SW 
“ '.".'a n 

EXP. NIGHT 
AUDITOR 

SAI CS REPS 

I need tw e lu ll tim e agent# th a t n ee d a n in c o m e in e i c c n e t 
111,6oo this veal 
7)4 442# 
DC A N I) OW ENS CO 
J E F F E R S O N __________ 
R E A L E S TA TE S A L IS ix g a rra n c a d sa lesp e op le ie d is cuss m w b ra b a r so ta cm o a ra ta tranship New com pany ana m w 
I H S c o m m is s io n c o n c e a l ta r sales p et so n n e t C at) ta r ( a n ti denim ! a pp ointm e n t 
ROUGH R ID E R R E A L T Y jim Castalia, l ic k e r OSS I I I * 

O p p o rtu n itie s in fie ld s ! Tee m a n y m a n e *• C a re e r aes< 
Owen (21 44*# New Day P ercan m i Canette, * * ) N I Ltrop C II, Suite 
*1 ) 
....... 
T E lE PHONE SALES 
Fantastic O pp o rtun ity ta* 43*7 
34*4847 
TELEPHONE VALES, 3 ta ll tim e aoantno# u«unable at C red en ce s b u rg gnd San P e d ro lo c a l.e n s sold sh.!* CON 63* JC J J ta i m to i v ie w 
M o n d a y F r id a y . 
*gm 11 naan 

C n ig h ts a w eek 
G ood r ta r tin p s a la ry 
A p p ly in p erson to R ob! 
M o u n n y p l the M E N G E R H O TE L 
M A N A G E M E N T 
P r o m in e n t not I co W ill H orn, s u p e rb bene t it s 
S ta r t **3 6 6 
T o m S n o w . 
341 2**1 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m gluy IO? W R ECTO R Service 
M anager tra in e e he g. ad in te re s t in toad s e rv ic e c o re e r 
**,4oo Coit P hil A i ro v e 732 72CI 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L l ING 
E m p lo ym e n t Service. »c G ill Md 
M gi trom pe exte n sive tra in in g ta i g ra d rn re ta il ce 
**,16o Colt B elly G ia n t 7)2 22*1 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p lo y m e n t Service v» G ilt Rd 
o 
• ' N ig h t a u d ito r n e e d e d a l o nce . 
IO lis t 
T o p m a ture person C nights a week j s it. OHS 
C e ll ite m 7am. m ony frin g e benefits 
M ansion Hotel M r Mc C a rty i i i (Ski i o n aetv»te n » > 

NIGHT AUDITOR ASSI 
H a m ta m 4 d ays A pp l sen ta R e b ! 
M o u lin u t NGK It HQ I k l 
___ 
R e s id e n t m a n a g e r n e e d e d t 
W est te x a s c o rn p ip e p re q u a lific a tio n # re q u ire d Soto, a p a rtm e n t u tilit ie s a n d in s t once S tart M ay I it e au ic * c 
Mon<lgv F rid a * tat m ta rm u lto 

 a t th , 

UU 

Foge I 8-M 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 9 77 
6o8 

6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 

FINANCIAL 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 

FINANCIAL 

COME GROW WITH US 
SW ERINGEN NEEDS 

P R O D U C T IO N : it Sheetmetal Assembly Mechanics 
★ Sheetmetal Fabricators 
A Aircraft Electricians 
★ Aircraft Inspectors 

PRO FESSIO NAL: it Engineers-Structural Design 
A Engineers-System Design 

(Requires two or more years aircraft design experience, BSMf or ASAL) 

COM PANY BENEFITS INCLUDE: 

RETAIL ACCOUNTING 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
AVO ID TAX SEASON STRESS 
Heavy retail store accounting et quired 
Salary to 
$ 1 8 ,o o o experience re-1 plus good! benefits. Report to Controller. O pportunity! to advance. Height and weight must be in proportion. 
All applications held con­ fidential. Send letter and resume (no agen- J des, please) or call 
M r. B ren n er o r M r. G rim m . 
5 1 2 -2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
111 SOLEDAD, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o5 

ADVERTISING/ 
MARKETING 

SECRETARY 

Type 75 wpm, Short­ hand 
8 o -1 o o wpm. 
Minimum 3 years sec­ retarial experience. 

 fo r appointment coll 

735-9392 ext. 218 

•qual opportunity employer 

 d in • OFFICE & CLERICAL 
SIO OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 
61o OFFICE A CLERICAL 
61o • OFFICE ft CLERICAL 

HI 

• Retirement Program 

• Insured Sick Pay 

• 9 Holidays 

• Tuition Assistance 

• Bereavement Pay 

• Company Sponsored Employee Activities 

• Reserved Poy Torrential 

• Job Stability 

• Group life Insurance 

• Group Medical Insurance 

• liberal Vacation Benefits 

• Disability Benefits 

• Job Posting 

• Jury Duty Pay 

Swearingen is a growth oriented aircraft manufacturer competing in the general aviation industry. We are committed to a policy of promotion from within ond of­ fering employees opportunities for advancement based on their individual ability ond 

 performance. 

 lf you are interested in knowing more about these openings ond a possible future with Sweoringen, telephone Paul Gronoto, Personnel Administrator, at 824 9421, Ext. 
319. You may also apply in person ot the employment office, Sweoringen Aviation 
Corporation, International Airport, Son Antonio, Tx. (come lost on Bitters Rood post 
Blossom Athletic (enter, turn right on NE entrance rood.) 
SWEARINGEN ft 

A l/IA T T O h / C:<T>P i 
A T I O ^ i 

A S u b s id ia ry of Fairchild Industries 

An {qual O pp o rtun ity Employer 

R 
O 
B 
E R 
T H 
A 
L F 

 p n 
S 
O 
N 
N 
H a g e n c i e s 

* 
Suite 34^ f .cs? H 
Bid* bet?* Ant--mo Tei«iS 782o1 
(o12) 7362467 

PARTIAL LISTING 

SR A C C T .............................................................................$ 2 o , o o o 
Foe Hordgoods mfg to 3 pius yrs. with CPI firm SEC & lox ex powie Promotion slot 

C O N T R O L L E R - C P A ..............................................t o $ 5 o , o o o 
Heavyweight in retail aictg Excellent pkg loi person with strona retoil occtq skills Inventory tontrol, taxes Some public bkgd helpful Relocate 

D A T A P R O C E S S IN G D E S IG N E N G IN E E R ... $ 1 8 , o o o 
Hoidware and softwoie design experience desired Brood language exposure helpful Local position 

C IC S S Y S T E M S /A P P L IC A T IO N S P R O O ... $ 1 8 , o o o 
Min ? yrs applications prcig w/CICS in (oBo1 or AK DOS or OS ok 
Position will grow into IP network planning etc, 

 ll e* I ’r n l n t I n n iliilu li'K I t in jiili n lia l Sr*u n i t . 

N O CONTRACTS— NEVER A FEE TO APPLICANT 

WORLD S LARGEST FINANCIAL A (DP EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS 

Over SO Offices United Stotts, Canada A Gteot Britain 

ENGINEERING 
TECHNICIANS 

C areer opportunities a re a v a ila b le fo r 
D esigner-D raftsm en w ith a m inim um of 
2 years experience in one of the follow ing areas: 

• SUBDIVISION PLATS-CONSTR UCTION DRAW INGS 

• ELECTRICAL 
• MECHANICAL 
• STRUCTURAL 

Compensation includes salary commensurate w ith experience, opportunities for overtim e and annual bonus. Excellent benefit package, in­ cludes a comprehensive m edical and life in­ surance program. Profit sharing program , E T C . 
Please mail your resume in confidence to: 

TURNER, COLLIE, AND BRADEN, INC. 

P.O. BOX 1 3 o 8 9 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 7 7 o 1 9 
ATTN: SUPERVISOR PERSONNEL 

A N ( Q U A I O P P O h T U N IT V I M O I O VIX M Z F 

Et 

SECRETARY 

W e hove on im m ediate need for a to p c a lib er secre ta ry w ith o u tsta n d in g o ffic e procedure skills. This p ositio n requires on e f­ fic ie n t and a ggressive in ­ 

 d iv id u a l w ith a d m in istra tive talen ts 
E xcellent ty p in g a n d shorthand skills ore a m ust. Q u a lifie d a pp lica n ts 

 a re encouraged to a p p ly in p erson as soon as possible. 
IB!?'SBSI 

A D ivision o f W yloin, Inc. 

4 2 o o N . P anam 
E xpressw ay 

S a n A n t o n io , T X 

Equal O p p o rtu n ity E m loyer 

E X E C U T IV E 
S E C R E TA R Y 
SHOO 
Fee p a id P re s id e n t needs y o u r 
$ k illt-c a ti Lynn S28-44V4 New Day 
P ersonnel to n s ils . VO) NE Loop 
41o, Suite SIB 
E X E C U T IV E 
S E C R E T A R Y 
SOSO 
G ro a t Co. needs y o u r s k ills p e r­ so n a lity c a ll L y n n B tl 44o4 N ew 
Day P e rso n n e l C o nslts. to t N E lo o p 41o, Suite SIB 
E xp S ecreta ry R eceptionist. OC c u r a te ty p in q , t r a n s c r ip t io n , s p e llin g , a n d a d d in g m a c h in e 
' s k ills Good s a lo ry and benefits. 
M a v e ric k E n g in e e rin g C om pany, j BOSI P lnebreok 14o 3o43 
F E E P A ID 1/oo 
S e cre ta ria l s k ills, w o rk alone 
Call M ike M e tis 657 112) 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p Syc B?o3 Rough R ider 

MERGE w ith the best and you w ill receive a v ery special w elcom e. 
The em ployers of San A n­ tonio know in terview s set by 
VIP deserve their special atten tio n . 

NOW two convenient locations: V IP PER S O N N E L SERVICE 

NORTHWEST — I st N ot. Bank Bldg. 
6243 IH IO — 732-8 14 I 

N U M B E R S S P E C IA LIS T 
. . . C o n tro lle r o f p ro s p e ro u s c o rp o ra tio n seeks the ac 

 com plished a ccou ntin g sp ecia list a ble to assum e v a rie d d utie s a n d ru n o busy boo kkee p in g d e p a rtm e n t 
Research a n d e v a lu a tio n s o f co m p a n y p ro fits w ill be m ost challenging. Fee Paid. Coll M a g g ie S h e a re r, 7 3 2 8 1 4 1 
$ 6 o o 

A L L IN THE F A M IL Y . . . This n ew co m e r to the m a rk e tp la c e is a sister c o m p a n y o f a large national firm They are se ekin g the se c re ta ry w h o can ty p e a c c u ra te ly , answ e r a busy phone o nd w ho likes to stay b usy. A must is g o o d m ath a p titu d e , e x c e p tio n a l spelling, and sh orth a nd w o u ld be h e lp fu l 
B e a u tifu l n o rth s id e o ffic e s a n d a p ro gre ssive 

 a ttitu d e a w a it the lucky re cip ie n t. C o ll B a rb a ra R in e ha rt, 7 3 2 8 14 1 ................... 
$ 5 2 o 

A P P R A IS E Y O U R FUTU RE 
. A n d p u t yo u r re a l e sta te e xpe rie n ce a n d ene rg etic n atu re to the test in this ch a lle n g in g n ew p o s itio n in v o lv in g o v a rie ty o f d utie s 
E* cedent typing skills ond d ic ta p h o n e e x p e rie n c e are re q u ire d b y this n o rth sid e firm 
Fee 

Paid. C all D enise R easonover, 7 3 2 8 1 4 1 
$ 7 o o 

P E R S O N A L IT Y P LU S 
. . P ersorta lify a nd sm iles w ill w in o ve r the b usy e xecu tives o n d prestige clients o f this n a tio n a l c o m p a n y . P leasant s u rro u n d in g s, a c o n g e n ia l s ta ff, o nd excellent co m p an y b en efits 
T yp in g p lea se ! Fee Paid. C a ll M a g g ie S h e a rer, 7 3 2 
8 1 4 1 
......................................................................................................................................... 
$ 5 5 o 

P E R S O N M O N D A Y t h r u F R ID A Y 
. This v e rs a tile p o s itio n on the n o rth sid e re auires PBX e xpe rie n ce, to k in q in fo rm a tio n a c c u ra te ly a n d som e a b ility to ta k e d ic ta tio n 
You w ill also b e h elp in g w ith som e a c c o u n tin g tasks. Fee Paid C all B a rb a ra R inehart, 

7 3 2 8 1 4 1 .................................................................................................................................................... 
$ 6 o o 

U N L IM IT E D P O T E N T IA L . . . For ca re e r a d v a n c e m e n t w ith this g ro w in g o il a n d gas co rp ora tio n. E xcellent se cre ta ria l skills o n d o p ro fe s s io n a l m anner w ill h e lp you m ove 

 in to this desirab le position. Fee P aid. C a ll D enise R e aso n ove r, 7 3 2 8 1 4 1 
. 
$ 6 5 o 

NORTHEAST — 
I 8oo Plaza 
I 8oo N.E. loop 41o — 828-31 61 

6o8 SfCRFIARIAl 

Sharpe 

P E R S O N N E L 
S E R V IC E 

 a rly , I 
K now d e b it fro m cre d it, lite ty p e , m a tu re , $ 5 7 5 
P ersonality -t b rans gets re c e p tio n is t desk, $ 4 5 o 
So so skills gets gen. o ff. spot, G re a t n s id e co ., 
$ 5 2 o 
Com p. o p t., tra in ee considered, xh fee p a id , $ 6 5 o . 
D a ta processing sec, like fig ures. Top boss, $ 5 5 o 
S m ooth ru ffle d le a th e rs , answ er p ho ne , g ro w th o p p o rtu n ity 
S ecreta ry, N e a r Q u a d ra n g le M a ll, co. p ays fee , 
$ 6 5 o 
Sales w ith la rg e lo ca l c o ., D egree p re ! , sal. open 
Big ms. co needs previous o ff e xpe rie n ce Pd w eekly. 
K eypunch O p e ra to r, $ 5 5 o N o e xpe rie n ce necessary. 
Bmvx Hav.monn or Ethel Fickle 
Call Amye Havemann or Ethel Pickle 

3 4 9 -3 5 4 1 

4 1 o P lo c e , S u ite 1 4 o , 6 3 2 2 S o v e r e ig n D r iv e 

F IN A N C IA L S E C R E TA R Y 
We a re lo o k in g f o r o n e a t e n e rg e tic p erson w ho looks to r w ord to c h allen g ing w ork assign m eats T yp in g s k ills re q u ire d at 
7owpm and s h o rth a n d s k ills a t 
BOwpm M ust h a v e I y rs e x p e r­ ience as a stenographer or s talls tic a l s e cre ta ry on the lob tra in in g in fin a n c e re la te d p ro c e d u re s 
S alory o v e r $55o p er m onth, ex c e lte n t fr in g e b e n e fits . A p p ly 
P e rs o n n e l D e pt B e x a r C o u n ty h osp D is t 45o2 M e d ic o l O r San 
A nto nio 494-3o3o E x t 231 
E a u o l opo po ftum ty e m p loye r___________ 
INS S E C : S8oo1 C o m p u te r lie d kn ow led g e helps, b u t w ill tra in . 
Rote, etc. Hosp pd Linda B lack, 
341 2551 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m ploy 1o2 W RE C TO R Service 
INSURANCE S E C R E TA R Y 58oo 
P ersonal lines b ackg ro un d to r 
Responsible position. Nside o ffice 
F E E PO, call B a rb a ra 732-2241 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p loym en t S ervice. 94 G ill Rd 
LAW O FC: 545o. tee nego D y n a ­ m ic a tty needs outgoing p erson a ­ lity and ty p in g s k ills . K itty K irk . 
341-2 5 51 
S N E L L IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p loy 1o2 W R E C TO R S ervice 

 lf GAL SECRETARY 
M exican A m e rica n Legal Defense ond E d u ca tion al Fund is seeking legal s e cre ta ry to r EEOC p re le ct. 
A b ilit y to s p e a k S p a n is h p r e ­ fe rre d Contact E ilin d a W alden o t • 
224 5474 tor in te rv ie w opp! 

A D M IN IS T R A T IV E L E G A L S E C R E T A R Y 
. This num be r one s p o t a w a its tho true career seeker as "rig h t h a n d " to ve ry p ro m in e n t a tto rn e y . Y ou ll stay busy fa k in g care o f heavy w o rk lo o d ond g re e tin g ve ry im p o rta n t c lie n te le . Top le g a l a n d e xe cu tive 

 se cretarial b ackg ro un d necessary. C a ll Joyce B ake r, 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 
$ 8 5 o 

SELF C O N F ID E N T ? . . . Y ou k n o w y o u 're g o o d , rig h t? W e ll fo r this o ne yo u re a lly h ave to have it to g e th e r As e x e c u tiv e s e cre to ry to this S ales M a n a g e r yo u ll nee d to be a g ood organizer, p ro vid e g o o d s e c re ta ria l skills, k e ep c o o l w ith fig h t schedules to m a in tain o nd e n jo y much p e o p le c o n to c t 
For p o te n tia l, this one has it a ll. C o ll F rankie 

S m ith. 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 ..................................................................................................................................... 
$ 6 5 o 

M O T H E R H O O D , 
A P P L E 
PIE 
. . . o nd the w o rld * m ost p e rfe c t fo o d is thc'n 

 business, o nd o p ro fic ie n t ty p is t is w h a t th e y n ee d 
N o sh o rth a n d b u t 
1 o key kn ow led g e w ill g e t their a tte n tio n . Fee P oid. C o ll S ha ro n K in g o t 8 2 8 3 161 
. . 
$ 7 5 o 

M O R E T H A N B E A U T IF U L . . . This N o rth s id e c lie n t fee ls the re c e p tio n is t has the m ost im po rtan t spot in the o ffic e She needs to be v e ry p e rs o n a b le o n d h ave g o o d ex 

 penence w ith the PBX C o ll Joyce B ake r, 8 2 8 - 3 ) 6 1 .......................................................... 
$ 6 o o 

V P 'S E X E C U T IV E S EC R E TAR Y . 
. In v e s tig a te this 
P riced Post to d a y ! S uper plush surroundings w ith on "e a s y to g e t t o " lo c a tio n . This d yn a m ic e x e c u tiv e re q u ire s yo u r 

 to p shorthand o n d ty p in g skills to ke e p up w ith the p ace o f a c o m p a n y o n the g ro w o n d o boss on the go A bonus p io n a n d e x c e lle n t b e n e fits w ill be e n jo y e d b y the p o is ­ ed pro fe ssio na l jornm g this h a p p y team . Fee P oid C o ll F ronkie S m ith 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 
$ 7 5 o 

THE N U M B E R S G A M E 
. . O n e o f the la rg e st b un ks in tow n w o nts 3 years o f bonk m g expe rie n ce o nd o fa m ilia rity w ith a u to m a te d system s fo r the m a n a g e r o f their b o o kke e p in g s ta ff Fee P aid C o ll S ha ro n K ing a t 8 2 8 3 1 6 1 ....................................... 
$ 8 o o 

(NOITHfAST) IBOC NORTH’ AST LOOF 41o • SUIT! 41o • SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 
(S H I 828-31 61 
I NOH TW W I ST) U r NATIONAL BANK BIDO. • *3 4 3 IM IO • SUITE 455 • SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 
(513) 732-B 14 I 

UT S GO TO WORK 
SOCK IT TO EM 

3 w ifto n tt. SMM $45o 
o ffke help. $4oo $$7$ 

V omputer operator SMM) 4 
K ey pumh operators. $5oo ♦ 

 nsurante, Bluster trainee. 
S75o to stall 

 aller, trainees, solory open 

 romees, insurance, finante ontf management 

 fher |obs too numitous to list in sales. (loft. ell 

 lectromt lethnition. S?5o a wed 
M anoqers. malt stores some relototion, 56oo up 

 for tonfidentiol interview, toll or tome out to: 
ECONO-RESOURCES 

4 2 o 4 G a r d e n d a le 
S u ite I o 7 
699-1o15 

* 1o<of!T ftwnwj M* ifVWf 

ENJOY 
THE GOOD LIFE 
W o rk w hen you w ont 
W hen* you w ont! 

RECEIVE: 
PAID VACATIONS 
INSTANT PAY 
BONUSES 

W E NEED: 
MOHAWK 
OPERATORS 
TYPISTS 
DICTAPHONE 
STENOS 
1o-KEY 
O n* y e a r d o ric ot e x p e rie n ce req u ire d , 

— N O FEE EVER — 
Call Malar, at SOS 2 5 o 6 tor an a pp etn rm en t. 
^ /m trrrd i tnm porartf 

) , z Y U 

ONE INTERVIEW 
HUNDREDS OF 
A SSIG NM ENTS 

• SECRETARIES 

• TYPISTS 

Thor# i no need 
.a mtennow ogam 
You rtttn rt your assign men! by phone ond go right to work Short ond long term — lull ond port hme 

NOT AH AGENCY— Mf VIS A FU 

C A L I O R C O M I IN 

K e l l y G i r l * 

A DIVISION o r K ti.IT 3SoVK8S 

4 6 o 6 C e n t e r v ie w D r. 

S u ite I 5 4 
7 3 6 - 2 4 5 S 

. (q u a l O p p o rtu n ity 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

MORTGAGE LOAN PROCESSOR 
CON I EDITION A L- \ A H I A 

I S H o m e -fo rm u lly H o m ecraft C arp .-i* Becking un experience*! h un i p ra e e **ar lo handle a ll im p ed* o j prove tai lift M arlpap c h u m * f a r C e n tral Texa* IH viaian . Poaltion i n ' / / involve *am e 
I ravel. 5 ( lr day n a rk week. I h i* p o rtio n require* intelligent, mdf *1 a rte r wha enjoy* a /a a l pace a m i heavy w ark laud. S tart­ ing aul a ry ta Hla.iM M t a year cam m eim urule with e d u c a tio n a l experience a m i current e arn in g *, b en efit* include p ro fit sharing, 2 week p a id vacation, com pany p a id in- aurance, *a/ary and p erfo rm ance reivew every 6 m onth*. 
FOK APPLICATION CALL 
■I th -8 o 3 7 a r Send He*um e la 
! usHome 

L IS T E D O S M U M IK E S K M h E M H A N C E 
P .O . D O X I <>131 
S I X A M D M D , T X THU lh tot ti t t ii’tiH 11 s it > i v r u n u t 

ACCOUNTING 
SECRET!KY 
Bd. 7o n o t ti. ut n o m 
US Home * form ally Hom ecraft, Needs tn- teHiaent, hard working accounting secretary for N orthcliffe Regional O ffice between San 
Antonio and New Braunfels. Prefer 2 years bookkeeping, accounting or math related clerical experience 
Type 55 W PM, IO key by touch. 
8-6 M O N -F R I.; 
9-12 
SAT. 
I 
Saturday o ff a month. 
Company paid benefits, time and half overtime. Pay review every 6 months. Call 3 4 9 8 o 5 7 8 6 M O N ­ 
FRE or send resume to 
I s HOME-!. LST R ii. TEX AS 
IHI ASIOX 
J*, ti. tuts It,l.tl 
> IN I MUM it. TX 7HJ It, 

E Q U A L O P P O R TU N IT Y e m p l o y e r 

M E D IC A L S EC TV . A ssist busy 
E xec. opty to le a rn m edical te rm s 
$575-4(o11 Julie M athis 732 2241 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p loym en t S ervice, 94 GIM Rd 

• NO SHORTHAND • 
Just ve ry good ty p in g and good telephone pet venality for NS re a l estate office P re fe r NS re sid en t 
A i lie E xpress Nows Box 7144 
S EC . M ost p ro m in e n t co in its line Voc 4 m o i, sick leave O ther g o o d ie s 
S ta rt $425. C a ll E v e 
Lang, 34 1 2551 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p loy IQT W R ECTO R S ervice 
S E C R E TA R Y 57oo 
E x c itin g w o rld of la w ye rs 
Call Pat Cook 457 1121 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p Svc o2o3 Rough R ider 

NO FEE 
TEMPORARY 
Why net tam s i fro tosh by working sn short or long 
Item aisnnm tnh et tog raft 
»f goy You ton m n work tempoiory while welling gtrmantnt employment 

TY P IS T S 
K |Y p u N C M 

5 U N O S 

M O S T I O R l l 

II 

IIII a 

SECRETARY 
Fee pd SBOO. good typing , s h o rth ­ and. legal e xp e rie n ce p re fe rre d . paid sick leave, vacaften. f h o li­ days. C hristm as banus, re g u a la r ra is e s , tre e c o v e re d p o rk m a . 5 d a y . B o n k e rs E m p . S vc.. o7BO 

 jQ e n tle i \ 

N eeds 
COST 
ACCOUNTANT 

 it Ix p tritn c e d in Snack Foods 

★ M anufacturing or rotated industry h tlpful 

* Attractive Salary and Benefits 

5 3 4 -6 1 o 3 , Ext. 4 2 

 l« |u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r 

FULL CHARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 
• Accounts receivable 
• Accounts payable a Payroll 

Salary tomnwnioretc with ability Southwest S A location 
All (ompony bonolih lasso Western Wear 
6623 S. Zariomora 
•qual opportunity tmpioysi 

RECEPTIO NIST-SEC R ET A R Y 

Must be experienced, mature and aggressive. 
Type 6 o WPM, transcribe from dictaphone. 
7 :3 o A M ,-5 P M. Free medical and life in­ surance, vocation and annual bonus. 

RABA & ASSOC., INC. 

C onsulting Engineers 

1 o 5 2 6 G u lfd a le 
San A n to n io , T x. 
3 4 2 -4 2 1 6 

S E C R E TA R Y to r legal office, b i­ lin g u a l. good ty p in g , lig h t b o o k ­ keeping. s a la ry open. 733 1241 

Ts e C HE T A R Y 
Job is e asy ond the pay is su p e r! Seen m o vin g Ie lu x u r y b ld g 
58oo 
Jo G u n te r , 
341 2351. 
S N E LL IN G « S N E LL IN G 
E m p loy 1o2 W R ECTO R S ervice 
S E C R E T A R Y , le g a l e x p e rie n c e and gen eral a ttic e s k ills 54oo 4 b enefits Coll M r, K oren 714 2243 

PROF EXEC CONSULTANTS 
_______4243 IM tor Suite 44o_______ 
545o 54oo S ecreta ry R eception Mf, m o to r c o m p a n y , n o rth s id o lo c a ­ tion. call F re d 712 2191, 25o1 W est 
Aye 
Jogs N o rth inc, P tgyem t SVC 
I 
S E C R E TA R Y T R A IN E C ; N u ll 
Co , frie n d ly o ffice , geed ty p is t 4 
SH 
5525 can Jo s in gleto n 712 2141 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p loym en t S ervice, 94 G ill Rd 
S E C R E T A R Y ; W ark w ith p ub lic. to p notch typ ist. N ationw ide ce 
54oo4 Call G ala Connor 732 2241 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
I m p lo ym e nl S ervice 94 G ill Rd 

I I I I I I 
5 I « 
« k 
M a s t i c . _ uneiOTMSMT Me Vici k 
I u n 
( - l m l » 4 I J J o .1 4 
B 

LEGAL STENOS 
TYPISTS a LEGAL 
STENOS''TYP­ 
ISTS 

 a M T S ! 
& 
M A G CARD 
OPERATORS 

W e have te m p o ra ry assign 

 moots a v a ila b le 

 apply to d ay 

 rBEST FOUR JOBS'I 
IN TOWN 
Our client wants good people now for these outstanding jobs. 

• tx c lie n t Secretary $7oo 
Great ofhc#, good condition! for 

 your above cveioge office skills ond admin ability Nude, good benefit! 

• Receptionist for De. $52$ 
Interesting varied front desk duties for busy dr ModKol field homing free lost rotes 

 a Public Relations $725 
Aggressive company needs es 

 citing person lot Ft work 
(or 

 furnished tolling on executives ond pcomoting compony 

• Admin Asst. $6oo fie# letmbutied foe admin asst with good off ne skills Knik foe the Pres ond M g i, need now 
M a n y u nliste d lobs fo r any g o o d skills a t Son A n to n io 's leodtrsg se cre ta ria l • cle ric a l a g e n c y F rie n d ly , h e lp fu l a n d w o rk w here yo u w o n t to 
V 
BANNER Personnel Service 

8Soo Village Dr., Suite 1o2 
N.I. loop 41o at Storcrest 
657-1212 

RETAIL/NATIONAL 

PAPER VARIEUR 

Hrs. 8:oo o.m. to 5:oo p m. 

Typing and knowledge of 

 bookkeeping necessary. 

Apply in person 

9:oo A.M. to 11:oo A M. 

2:oo P.M. to 4:oo P.M. 

PERSONNEL OFFICE 

AVE. E and 3rd 

Our (qual Opportunity (mployer 

: ll DUC T O E X P A N S IO N ll 
; 

I • 
LOCAL GM 
• j 
DEALER 
• a 
J a 
• 
★ NEEDS EXPERIENCED PAY 
I 
ROLL CLERK & 
• ie 
• 
• 
★ PARTS-SERVICE BOOKEEPING • 
: 
CLERK 
: 
• e 
• 
MEDIUM TYPING REQUIRED 
• e 
• 

• SEND RESUME TO: PERSONNEL MANAGER 
• 

• 
P.O. BOX 2 5 o 8 , 
I 

SAN A N T O N IO , TEXAS 7 8 2 9 9 
• 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • a 

SECRETARIES 

C h a lle n g in g p ositio n s ore now a v a ila b le fo r in ­ d ivid ua ls w ith 
2 4 years se cre ta ria l e xpe rie n ce, ty p in g skills 6 o W P M a n d shorthand skills 8 o W P M 
M ust be a ble to w o rk w ith c o n fid e n tia l m a tte rs a nd use in itia tiv e 
Som e col lege p re fe rre d 
E xcellent w o rkin g c o n d itio n s and b en efits 
Please call 8 2 8 - 
8 4 8 4 . e x t 6 6 7 

TESORO 
PETROLEUM 
CORPORATION 

A n tqidol O p p o rtu n ity 
I mpktyVfp 

EC 
To P n 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

A D M IN ttC M E T A R V w ith M ad a xe nee de d im m e d ia te ly 
C a ll 
Jan 82* 4494 Now Day Mer sonnet 
C onslts. 9BI NR L obo 4 IB, S uite i i i 

SUFB It VISOM BOOK K E E P E R , 3 y e a rs . . a e r t e r n e in b ank b o o . keening d e p a rtm e n t $7o4 ♦ bone tits Colt M r. K oran 734 2243 
H 
SDD SEOK TAMI 

PROF EXEC CONSULTANTS 
#243 .H 19 Suite 44o_ bDP • ttCB11 AKIA; 

S t CU I: I A it Y 
M e s a n a i a d m in is tr a t o r .e s e s y o u r s k ills 
G o a d t a t a r , a n d 

ADMIN ASS! SISO* 
H ood I. IM 84. tv»e 56 sea 922 2711 U S I I N M o rta ry 
Ms I i e . i l ! m r a ie l .m e w l Sot 

"2— ftf 2Mfj JttfUJ* 
IY Y I 
H i 
A O M IN IS T T IV t i f c r v 
5truer O oty ty o * SM ta s*«u 
D A - M b a S O N N E I 
Oak Mins M ea Rida 496 9914 
M e d ic#1 O eetei ( m a Eery 

AD VE a I ISING S E C Y , C reative 
O utfO rng. fast fv u is l super ca. 
5456 ra il Ja S ingleton 732 2241 
S N E LL IN G * S N E L L IN G 
I m R u m *M u m a M M 
$4So Banking Career SbOO 
IR E G IN N E R S I 
C le rk s , s e c r e ta r ie s , t e lle r s , bfckors Joyce taal 921 434o Joes 
Inc 
P la cem a n ! iv e 411 SIN M ill 

H L X _____________ M 
____________ 
B E G IN N E R S E C R E TA R Y 
Sam# chai M a u d 4 m a th a b ility 
G ra al M u r# w ith Bood ca 
R ick 6 A ssai E md saym ent S rv 

- i n i * u s r a n m u d * comfit SF CRH ARY t v a . 54 
O ictaabane* to k a y ! 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L SRV 
79’ f s k s a n K r t t r 
U t IIN 

U H A VU A N I k b imi N u M a ik t a t a u is >25 ' w e . 
I I M I S S A N O N I M S 

SEC 
Ta P r e s id e n t 
S M n e t necessary H ealth car# pd bv ca 
{O u r tea is n a a a tio b ta 57oo M s 
I H ill 141 2551 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G tm p ia y 1o2 W R IC T O R Service 
.S e e ly. 58,2oo, g n^d s k ills , spook 
; Spanish 
C entury P la cem e n t Service 
I5JW C entury E ta l 349 U7> 
.. IX_________ , 
_____ 
SECY 
R E C E P T IO N IS T . C areer 
P otential, super benefits p i oui urn 
S4254 ca ll Ju lia M athis 712 2241 
S N E LL IN G * S N E LL IN G 
I m g lu ym yn t So vie t; 94 f r l l Rfl 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements rn these columns ore atiepttd on the premise that 
Mbs eff.ied a rt be filled on the bosn et merit without dncnmrao lion because of le i unless the (ob ti 
B oonof id. occupational qual tlx often 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The San Antonia P* -at# litiploy moist Assacwhon has a rigid Codo af titles la which a l its private employment ogency members subscribe far information about private employment agencies, or ac hots on lempioints, to* T it /RO? et the letter tunnels lu r tau 

 nglyym ynt I 
N IO K SEC 

D E P E N D A B L E S E C R E T A R Y 
A N O R E C E P T IO N IS T 
S am e k n e e le d ae at c a a e tru ch e a aack a ro u n d w ith Ilia fo llo w in g re astir a m e nts m u s t ba able to do 
•d y ro o i, H ie te tra d . H im a and 
Uuux . r e p i n * 
W ill I i a in O n ly wa gutted need O M I. 
NO RTH EAST B U ILD E R S . 
SooAI4) 
E N E R G Y CO 
Pee ad 57o*1 Ga w ith loo t e a t e d P ay ro y a ltie s t vee 4 tita le a s e s ! K itty K ir k , 
M I 2311 
S N E LL IN G * S N E LL IN G 
* * * * u t t a . . a M 
Tg a h f g y . 

E XE C SEIMS. I A H r 
O M G A N U E 
DPC POR P R E S . FA N TA S T IC 
SPO T! 
547$ ce ll G oto Conner 71} H o i 
S N E LL IN G 6 S N E LL IN G fc.ngm y.nynt t y v.'H . I t 
EXE C S E C R E TA R Y 
Riots! bona ta Ca P re s SMB lee 
B a w 
M u r r y t Com Job t i t 4494 
New Day P erson ne l Conslts 9o1 
■llt.JJHf Mf. JbKJg, iii 
----- 
E x e c u tiv e s e c re ta ry fa r b u s t u h , » ,o u i a rtic# , m e d ic a l o x te r la a c a a i c lo t te d ada d s k ills d m ust Cd4) >14 4371. 

S EN IO R S E C R E T A R Y PhSrtton a v a ila b le 
R e a u ira s h igh school g ra d u a tio n , t r u in g 4o 7o Ar P M . a b ility ta usa o d d in f m o t h in t and dictaphone sh orth a nd p re to r red 
R equires 2 ta 4 yaar4 s e c re ta ria l expe rie n ce in c lu d in g some book keeping expe rie n ce C ontact The 
U n iv e rs ity O f T e xas A l San An lam a P erson ne l O ffice, 491 4 25o lfT S A IS E Q U A L O P P O R T U N I 
TY A F F IR M A T IV E A C T IO N 
E M P LO Y E R 
THE LA N G U A G E IS 
M O N E Y t m 
P ro 4 id e n t needs y o u r tap s k ills 
Call Lynn 12o 4494 New Day P ar senna* Conslts. 9o) NE Load OIB. t y f r f i f 
- ....................- 
Young gar son wha aasires futu re es (e ta l s e c re ta ry good ty p in g s k ills , m lg llia a h n l. C a ll S h e ry l il47tff. 
LIO BFK I MCA! 

A AIRPORT DISK 
141) la m eet and g ra al beadle in busy a irp o rt, u n ite r m s turm slsad 
Bonnet P ersonnel S ervice 
7oo2 San P adre OH 9441 
1544 V dteaa Or Surte 1*2 
. 
« f e n 
? t v u u 
A C C O U N TIN G C L IR X , C oreei 
Opty ta advance w ith in te rn firm soso ♦ ceti J uh# M athis l i t it a l 
S N E LL IN G B S N E LL IN G 
U i m i h t e s t 
> R eel 

A IR P O R T D E S K $433 
M eat a re e l p u b lic in busy a ir ­ p ort. u nifo rm s furnishe d 
Benner P ersonnel Svc West 
4422 NW LOOP 41o 349 4428 
ASSISTANT B O O K K E E P E R 
5S42 4 
A dvancem ent potential, benefits 
Cen C arol K le ibe r 437 1123 
S N E LL IN G B S N E LL IN G era. im Birr »!*?? 
ASSIST B O O K K E E P E R FE E PO 
A c c a u n tta o b a e h tr a e n d 4 o x o - 
1 to key 4 tv p i na Good solar v h i ii A Assoc E m psavm ant Srv 
>A San P e tro 1144441 

EMPLOYER PAYS FEE 

R G C G p t i o n iB t $ 6 o o 

Eat I company looted an northside needs an outgoing person aith an es 

 celenf walk background Type $$wpm, variety af duties 

S a n a to r y $ 5 5 o 

Have you been out al Hie tab market let awhile7 Then this cauld ba the perfect tab fat you Natl company ne Ms samoan# wha types 
$dwpm ond enjoys working closely 

 with people SM benefits end lanes, opportunity tar advancement 

 l r a rn e e $ 4 7 5 + 

 tfcephoniil in personnel dept af large natl bra* type kOapm 

 outgoing ond witting to team Ad va ne ament benefits and lanes 

Ix B c w tiv B S e c re ta ry 
$ 6 5 o + + 
(xcettent shorthorn! and typing a 

 must fat this growing tampon# 
Hoary tesponuttily and copable cf making decisions (xcettent benefits and raises 

Central Offic* $5oo tt side company is leaking lei en in- dwtduel who types 4o SO kccuiately and has tame knowledge of book­ keeping Variety et dukes and great an Hie tab training Advancement puitnhal aith ai: benefits paid lask Maulers 
P e rm a n e n t P la c e m e n t and 
T e m p o ra ry H « lp S ervice 
4 4 3 8 C e n te rv ie w Dr. 
7 3 3 - 9 6 1 6 

 r n 

CASH CONTROL 
CLERK 

1o key by touch and high school educa­ tion required. Please 
Call 
Diane 
M iller, 
7 3 5 -9 3 9 2 , Ext. 3 1 o 

 f q u a / O p p o rtu n ity tm p b y v r 

WANTED BY THE FBI 

Tho I BT wSHTY you. lf you ort a high school graduate you may qualify for one of mony clerical positions in 
Washington, o. C. Poy is good, no prior experience necessary, and rapid od vancemEnt is possible 

The FII is an Equal Op portunity [mployer. 

 lf you ore interested, (all the loc cd FBI Office at 225 
6741 

 r f ? 
ASS T B K K P R - S ta rt 5538 a n d I advance into ansar areas. Na Iv a m e n ae . M a tu r e ty p o 
N o rm a 
Scott, MI-2551 
S N E LL IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m ploy m * R ECTOR S fry.ce 

••B A N K JO B S ** 
T e lle r Trainee .......... 
5445 la tte r 
...................................... | f l | 
R eceptionist 
............. . . . . I S M 
New UCC OOM* 
................. 
MSB 
Trust s e cre ta ry 
......... .............. SMB 
Keypunch ............................ SSM 
Under w ille r ............................. SAM 
Banner Pet sonnet S ervice, inc, 
7BBT San P adre 
124 9441 
•M e WU tope Or Suite IBI 
^ S i t ' t 81 
XU l i i l - 
S45B B ainie C M ike SSS# 
E x# in accts re e f IB hay! Na Iv e 
Joyce Baal 9234344 Jabs lac 
Ii h i i l l IS fftfttlJ L 

EDR ACCOUNTING CHRK 

W ill handle data entry and work key calculator. Excellent entry level spot with the nation’s largest con­ venience store operator. 

In te r v ie w s to b e h e ld 
T uesday, M arch 3 9 fro m 9 a .rn .-4 p .m . 
4 3 1 o SriarglG n (o ff P e rrin 3 a ita l) 

 se SUS D ental R eceptionist, genet a l u lfic e s k ills , n o rth s id e c o ll 
Sarah 732 2 irs . I SOI West Ave 
JOOS N o rth In t. F lg ce m t Svc 
I O - J SHO Dispatcher SI25wk 
.1 M 
R e ce p tio n !*!' w ill lr urn radio d is p a tc h ! T y p e 44 
D a v e C ris w 
923 4147 J pies Inc F ta c e m .n l Svc d ll SWt AArtHaru 
D o w n to w n la w a ttic e needs fu ll lim e c le rk m essenger writs car 
CM I 225-o241 
FE E HD G E N E R A L O FFIC E 
I L ite type and posting 8 I 55o8. 
; 924 4481 U nited P ersonnel Census 
I M A C S N M ilita ry Dr 

 b h k f r 

A ct aunts Roc e n okie d a ily sales, s ta te m e n ts p a y r o ll a n d ta x e s , ty g a 43W P M . I I h ay Bv la u c k . a tle la re co ncile bank s ta le m .n l 
53 25 on heat tar u un itive pet san 
|9 fJ jrg e » w « y l i t l l ) ) 

 rn t m l i m i t s t i n s 
< n u i f s is e e 

G re at k ir k . M 

Ca 
B ays I I M 4 t*a * etc aer sonnet wire ease' 
NYV s p a t' O rt 4 M i K itty 
4t HIT 
SNE I LIN O A SNE LL ING 
. . 
■ 
. 
M M M 
- . J 
BOOK KE B R R R : 5458 4 
• as 
F r ie n a i* p in u p m a d a m ] v u w ip m .n l e ra w in o H im 
Jo 
G uam *, id ! j i l t . 
S N E LL IN G B S N E LLIN G t tu p le v IB I Mf RBC TOE W v » e 

B O O K K E E P E R . SSO* F E E PO 
NRRMBen e SPI at books (ar ail ce cdR B a rb a ra in im 
.. 
_f »*> 
S N E LL IN G B S N E LL IN G 
I m atey m e a l Set vice. 84 O.n Ro 
J M l l 

B O O K K E E P E R 
' 
Your s a u lt ne.dad by leading Ca 
SWS Cad Lynn ITB 4494 New Day 
P er soon el C entM t. 9Bt N I Leap 
IU M itt lit_____________ _ 
Beebe eager 
Genet ut O lin .. p- Ba fl| rn tfti BMA:# AM A 
*iS !ia £ fc S £ J iM !l. us 
IN IHS I XSSI SS NI VV S 
CACI 315 (SSS 

CAICULATOI OFI 
145 eta, ole type abanet en 923 2711 13)1 SMI M iln o r v 

 a ffie s 
NS. fa m ily a tm e s p b a ra 
Type en Iv 45 
S344 
J# G u n te r. yp e e e ly #5 
M i 3551 
M W L L IN G B S N E LL IN G 
.11. . m o . 

 fence necessary G rew w ild dyb am ic c p i I F S IM 
C a ll N o rm a 
Seen M I RGBS 
S N E LL IN G B S N E LL IN G t ->u4»« 141 Of t e r f f i l S e w .,. 

O n ly iip b l f l i e r 
G i p w 

________ LL. 
________ 
I T e e p d r e c e p t i o n i s t 
L ife t y p in g . 7 1 
A p p ly lo p p y 
934 SSBI U n ited P ersonnel Cornute ie e e TW M ilit a r y O r____________ 

SUS FROM OESX 
Good wrtb People 
P bpnef T yp e' 
SPEARS P E R S O N N E L SRV i f f J a c k s o n K t d g r u s u n 
; Pub charge gook hoopoe. N a d o nai 
C P A f ir m d a w a lo w n g e e d ba n e 
M i s a la r y c o m m e a s u r e ! # w ith 
• t e iif l M e l { r ig jf o k . >71 IBM 

: G a nor a i artic# . I t h a y Bv te a c h , a f le a s t I y r e x p e r i e n c e 
( a n t a e ! 
ANSS Qgrtarda lls AMI a i l £ a q g « r i » t m w y 
B ar 
G E N E R a i o f f i c e 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E W O R K 
9 am S M M en F r t aa a ke onces to ry . bat W orn# re p a ire d Daw** fawn SI M dp Bear. aaa iv rn p oi sea a t SEA N . (Presa- M o v e r u t 

 rn 
I 
WI 
I‘SP. 

 ic iA fC n m i u c 
RS mw 9 K B V SfW ® 
ABL m 
, 
A l i a 
2 lines JCb SS 
WMT no n C O M M E R C IA L ! 42 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 I 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
T E X 
A 
S 
S 
I Z 
E 
S A 
V 
I! N 
G 
S 
. . . l O o f t Y s 

"w 
C A N C IU L A R li 
A 
JSM 
W ITHO UT 
RATE C H A N G E 

 m m d m m r rn 
Q U IC K RESULTS! 
J 

61o ( T O & CLERICAL 
61o OFFICE & CLERICAL 
61? MEDICAL 
612-MEDICAL 

* 
Cl FPIC TYPIST 
* 

* 
£ 
£ 

* 

* 

* 

CLERK TYPIST 
NEEDED 
JETCRAFTERS 
5418 BREWSTER 
8 2 4 -5 3 3 9 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

M 

* 

+ 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

J 
* 
* 
* 
- 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

TEMPORARY JOBS 
By lh* day, w t d ar month. 
* SECRETARIES 
W/Shorthand 
A REY PUNCH OPERS. 
I yr. •■p*rl«K>. 
* TYPIST 
SO WPM 

CAU PIGGY. 732-9765 

S W 
M 
* 

9 6 O IH B d . 
S u it * 2 5 o 

FRONT DESK 
RECEPTIONIST SECRETARY 

Pleasant telephone voke, oble to meet public well. 21o1 lockhill 
Selma Suite 2oo. 
342-3111 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

PBX 
OPERATOR 
Experienced 

Call for appt. 
653-911o 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I yeoc ixperience 

FU LL T IM E 
6 p .rn .-2 a .m . 

AM»IY IN PIR SO N 
9 a . m . - 1 p .m . 
FROST B A N K 
P f U S O N N E L DEPT. 
IO O W . H o u s t o n St. 

I quill Opportunity fmploy.r 

R E C E P T IO N IS T : SAH! Our fee reim bursed! Extra w k's goy al 
Xm as! Ins. ce. bd Call Laura Hill. 
JAI ISSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employ IQI W R E C T O R Service 
R E C E P T IO N IS T Good NS office 
Personality plus light typing. M a ­ ture 
SSOO 
C a ll b y e L o n g . 
M I H SI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employ 1o7 W R E C T O R Service 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
St OO 
I Plush office. Pee nego. Can Jon 
8)1-4494 New D a y P e rs o n n e l 
Census. TOI N E Loop 41o. Suite 
; sn_________________________ 
R E C E P T IO N IS T . Cheerful* 
Energetic for busy Iron! spot 
SSSO coll Key D avis 712 3241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service. Tt Gill Rd 
R E C E P T IO N IS T P E E PO 
Handle busy front desk. N side 
SSOO call Barb Kendrick 7)2 2741 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, ft Gill Rd 
R E C E P T IO N IS T ; Greet client 
I Handle phones for leading bank 
S47S. all Kathy Stornes 733 2241 
I 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service, ft Gill Rd 

$54o RECEPTIONIST 
P E E P O ' Type SO' Gen office! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L SR V 
I 2o7 Jackson Keller 
828 1792 

SA N TA R O SA 
M EDICAL CENTER 
VILLA R O SA A N N E X 
H ave immediate vacancies in the following positions: 

★ RNS - 7-3, 3-11, and 11-7 

★ IVNS • 3-11, and 11-7 

★ PSYCHIATRIC NURSING ASSISTANCE - 3-11 and 

11-7 

★ MEDICAL TRANSCRIBER - Shift I 

★ HOUSEKEEPING TECHNICIAN - 5:3o pm-2 om 

★ GROUNDS KEEPER GARDENER - 7:3o am-4 pm 

★ RECREATIONAL TECHNICIAN - Part time 

C o m p a n y B e n e fits 

A p p ly in Person To 
5115 Medical Dr. 
2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 

Equal O p portunity Em p loyer 

614 - SKILLS TRADES 
614 SHILLS TRADES 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — -Sunday M arch 2 7 1 9 7 7 

NEW HOME SERVICE 
REPAIRS 
& I .5 o H O U R - P l H O U R W E E K 

VS Hom e - fo rm ally H om ecraft in neck­ ing an individual with exfterience in home repairs lo handle new home w ar­ ranty work at Northcliffe between San 
A ntonio and Si etc Braunfels. T R IC K - 
TOOLS - I M FO RM S PRO V W ED . T I hour G U A R A N TEED 
B O R K 
W EEK. 
Time an d h a lf over 4 o bourn. Com puny fm id benefits, p a y review e v e r y 6 m o n ­ ths. C all J-IV SO o7 8-ft H on da y-Eriday or send renume to 
VS 
HOMES-CEXTR-t I.TEXAS 
Division 
I*. O. B O Y IO t i I 
San A n io n ic. T Y 7H'Jlti 
IQ I ii orvotvn M U I *111 rn I s 

 r n - w i -m b m ju u m t 

P a g e I 9 - M 

614 SHILLS TRADES 

MEDIC-RN TEAM NEEDED 
J 
J 

I 

: 

 i # 

 ir EXPERIENCED 
AIRCRAFT SHEET 
METAL MECHANICS 

Friedrich 

JOBS - JOBS - JOBS 
(Tem porary) 

Friedrich, A Division of Wylain, Inc., Nos openings in the following oreas: 

 a 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 by national medical company to' complete a physical examinations on insurance ap- plicants. Bilingual preferred. 
4jF 

Call Mr. Turpin 
J 
3 4 9 -6 3 6 3 
# or call collect 1 -4 5 8 -3 2 6 6 an y tim e 6 

 r n 

 r n 
• 

EXPERIENCED 
AIRCRAFT INSPECTOR 
(3-5 years experience, must 

 read draw ings and blueprints. 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I y.or I aport* net 

Port lim * 

2 Nighty A Week 

A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
FROST BANK 

P E R S O N N E L DEPT. 

IO O W . H o u s t o n St. 

I quai Opportunity fmploy.t 

S E C T TO P R E S S4oo 
Plush office. Super bosi. fee be­ go great b e n e fit* C all G w en 
821-4494 New D a y P e rso n n e l 
Comity, TOI N E Loop 41o, Suite i i i 
STATE C L E R K . Light type, file 
Tor motor medical reyeorch co 
$4SO. roll Kothy Starnes 7)7 2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employment Service. 96 Gill Rd 

Typist Receptionist i day. East 
B o n k e r s E m p 
SVC.. 
Crcwnhill, 828 4123 
87oo 

W ant lo c al C o lle g e Student 
Clei k-Typlyt, bookkeeping tap. helpful No sm oking, good pay. 
F IS H E R S, MSB N E Loop 41o 

KEY PUNCH 
OPERATOR 

 t va-ntng shift, 
M on d ay friday 
IBM 129 or o 29 , experience desired 
Pet manedt, full time position, t i ceile rd working con­ ditions, salary progression, company benefits 

2 2 3 -1 8 71 

612 
MEDICAL 
Dentol Assistant, Lockland area, port time. bilm pual. will train. 
1 mid week ond Saturday. Refer ences R eply to E x p re ss New s 
I Bo* 74*9, Son Antonio 7*2*7 
D E N T A L A SSIST A N T 
Sky's the limit, nside ole. 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Med Bldg 6*o **IB 
Moditol Dentol Em p Serv 
Dental Lab Ceramist. Immediate opening. 2 to 3 veors experience 
Precision Dentol Lob es* 1343 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E . Training 
Position with growth potential 
SSOO. coll Kothy Starnes 737 2741 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employm ent Service, *4 GHI Rd 

D E N T A L R E C E P T IO N IS T 
NW side. mature Hid SSOO 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Med Bldg 6*o **1o 
Medical Dentol Em p Serv 

G E N E R A L O F F IC E -F E E PU 
Good typ in g* lOkey, some book keeping knowledge Goad calory 
Rich A Assoc Employm ent Srv 
684oA Son Pedro 876 o441 
General office including accounts receivable ond payable caper. 
■ ■nee Life typing. IO key. N I 
Location Send hand written re sum# lo Exp ress News Box 4S31, 
782*7. 

OR. N E E D S Y O U !! ! 
RN s ................................. Sd SO 
L V N s ...................................4 SO 
Receptionist....................... SOO 
Nurse Aides ................ 
4oo 
Bonner Personnel ive East 
I SOO Village Or Suite 1o2 
NE 41o at Store rest 437 1212 

RN’S— 
LVN’S 
S ta ff R e lie f 
P riv a te D u ty 

Chouse your days 4 shifts. 
Full time 4 part time post lions available. 
N O FEES!! 
Nursefinders 
226-6333 

7 3 o N . M a in St. 

O RS R E C E P T IO N IS T 
$4oo to exp bilingual md 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
Ook Hills Med Bldg 69o 99IO 
Medical Dentol Em p Sery 

G I N O F F IC E 
St/S to Stan ond co will trout! Co pays hosp. Type only so. Only Loop 41o Laura Hill. 
241 2SSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G t mo toy 1o2 W R E C T O R Service 
IN S U R A N C E C L E R K 
I 
Beautiful Nslde ate *4oo* 
I 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hilts Med Bldg 4*o *91o j 
Medical Dentol Em p Sery 
Key Punch Operator t ip i lie n e e re q u ire d , s a la ry , commensurate with ubilitv Equal 
Opportunity Em ployer Root Con 
QI* Co 773 2*4o 
________________ 
IO K E Y W HI Z $55o 
Jus! lite type. good with numbers tor great boss, solid co Fast hire 
Banner Personnel Eve West 
442J NW Load 41o 34* 442* 

LIKE FIGURES? 
Bkkpg exp gets S3 hr Need 3 
Sue *27 7711 1733 SW Military 
Job Experts Inc Placement Ser 
M E D IC A L A SSIST A N T 
Prefer bilingual, must know rn rd technology *24-4411 United P e r­ sonnel Conslts 4*4 C S W Military 
O r _______________________________ 
Northside and downtown s day, benefits Bankers Em p SVC . 17oo 
Crowntnll, 82o 4173 

L A B R A T O R V T E C H N IC IA N 
C L I or M E T netded tor b u sy 
P h y sicia n 's office. M onday Fri- rtsr-A P l l j ” 
LA B T E C H N O LO G IST 
M ust be a registered Lob Tech with experience in microbiology. 
Good salary and excellent bene­ fits. C ontact P e rso n n e l Dept. 
Bexar County H osp Dis!. 4So2 
M r die OI Dr. San Antonio 4*4)o 3o 
Ext 271 Equal opportunity em 
R?M.tf_____________________ 
L A B T E C H $7oo 
NS dr needs you tor his busy of hee practice, eligible toe reg OK. 
Coli today 
Banner Personnel Eve West 
4423 NW Loop 41o 34* 4428 
LVN FO R DOC OFC 
Super pay, benefits to sharp md 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Med Bld* 6*o 9*1o 
M g a w - S s ft W I f f f . l n __ 
LVN RELIEF 11? 
Saturday ond Sunday *24 o134 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 
Has immediatt vacancies Ion 

REGISTERED X RAY 
TECHNICIANS 
Hours - 7 atn-3 pm 

Good Working Conditions ond company Benefits 

*FP*T in Person to 
Ptrsomtdl Office 
519 W Houston St., 221-2343 
(qual Opportunity Employer 

JETCRAFTERS, INC. 
541 8 Brewster 
6 5 7 -2 7 o o 

(quai Opportunity tmptoyor 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 
• I 

• i 

 r n 

LVN S NEEDED 
AU SHIRS 
7-3; 3-11 j 11-7 

AFRIT TO: 
RET AMA MANOR SOUTH 
11OO GAI VIST ON 
LAREDO, TEXAS 78o4o 
S12-723-2o68 

FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE 
FRINGE BENEFITS 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

MANAGEMENI INFORMATION SYSTEMS 

Immediate vancies exist in our M.P.S. Division. 

 it ANALYST PROGRAMMER- 
Pnor eipertem* in (OBOE is a musl II now leg* of Soft Wear H H 
Of flooi tontrol, factory reporting, eh., n helpful 

* COMPUTER OPERATOR- 
3rd shift, minimum of on* year's computer experience, fomihorty arith Honeywell 2ooo is dewed but not mondoiory 

For personal interview, please report to our 
Employment office. 

F r i e d r i c h 

A Division of W y la in Inc. 
4 2 o o North Pan A m E x p re ssw ay 
San Antonio, T e xas 7 8 2 1 9 

An I cpjq# Opportunity employer (Male Femcji*) 

Tool & Die M a k e r (Grade 8) 
$4.94 

M aintenance M echanic (Grade 7) 
$4.59 

Electrician (Grade 7) 
$4.59 

M e tal Shop Set U p O p e ra to r (Grade 6) 
$4.2o 

Press B rake O p e ra to r (Grade 5) 
$3.8o 

Die Setter (Grade S) 
$3.8o 

The following jobs have a starling rate with a higher rate after 3 months service: 

Starting Rote 
Alter 3 Months 

Arc W e ld e r (Grade 4) 
$ 3 .1 6 
$3.64 

Production A sse m b le r I (Grade 4) 
$3.16 
$3.64 

Sp ray Painter (Grade 4) 
$3.16 
$3.64 

Production A sse m b le r ll (Grade 3) 
$3.o8 
$3.56 

Punch Press O p e ra to r (Grade 3) 
$ 3.o8 
$3.56 

Production A sse m b le r III (Grade 2) 
$ 2 .9 2 
$3.4o 

Laborer (Grade I) 
$ 2.85 
$3.33 

A p p ly M o n d a y through Friday, 
C D I C I \ D U 

9 A .M . 
-BJI 

- 3 P.M. 

A D ivision o f W y la in , Inc. 

San Antonio, Texas 78219 

An f qual O pportunity Em ployer (M ale / Female) 

» . . . « . . . m i m a « n H M H « r » » | H r » » > « | l « l * » | l * » t l l H l t m n | a « » r i J » 

STAFF PHYSICAL TEIAPtST - 
14* — to re loc of* — fit Potd 
CIT 
HOSP DEPT HEAD 14* 
(md. tolory + benefits) to relocate, Ie* nego 
UC I UT TECH SUPtlVtSOI - 
IO* * lo relocate, lee nego 
SPEECH PATHOLOGIST • no ex pen#nee necessary 
IYH 
M 
I I 
Top 
Saloryf 
HLD 
OffKI 
SEC 1ECPT / lUNSaiPIIOHISI 
WE IE fUUY COMPUTERIZED' 
San Antonio 
Health Services 
Placements, 
Inc. 

LVNS 

• • • • • e e e e 
LY N ’s 
3 - 1 1 a n d 1 1 - 7 
Full tim e 

Normandy I ar rota 
Nursing Horn* 
648-o1o1 
B41 Rica Rd. 

CARPENTERS 
PAINTERS 

MUST BE EXPERIENCED to do maintenance w ork in new hom es 
Coll betw een 8 A .M . a n d 1o A .M . 
3 4 9 -1 111 extension 3 5 4 

• • • e e e e e e 

IN T E R E S T E D IN 
P S Y C H IA T R IC 
N U R S IN G lf you o r* abt* to work I to S shifts per wack, w * nood you! You will receive o luH days orientation and be obi* lo work th* days et your 
Northwest office, must be taper 

V V . rt ?!?„ ‘?cof, - .'n I < * * * • ' N* '*• *" Instant goy! Call register h £ t u l M i U o y - U ? o r 
* - * * * " t e t s M m g2 i. i v c_o.. j4* si st- * xt_ j 7— 
Medical Personnel Pool 
NO T Y P E ! $3.lohr toit n Mom________m m > 
^ M M ^ P W n » illte s u tc ** d _ lo r _ W ling ripply witn people bririffeI Pirvunnei Ive West 
IIJ I NW Loop tie 34* 4428 

»»• 
Hoi good on phone, locations ond shirts, call 
H 7 I 2 lift. ISO! West A v* 
Jobs Ny,th Inc, Plucern) ),■ 

OF I ICE C L E R K , Advances ond 
Raises, oppressive eager beaver 
$4/4, cotl Key Davis lit 7241 
S N E L L IN G * S N E L L IN G 
I inploymuift Service. 96 Gill Rd 

M E D IC A L D E N T A L 
So* Sunday's od. many lobs 
O R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak MINS Mod Bldg *9o 9918 
Medical Dontgt Em p Serv 

LIVE-IN C O M P A N IO N 
Parsorsnal N e e d e d ! 
Selectly* interviewing now for 
Mesons h.(Nested in exclusive 
Keo rn romponton positions All positions established ond conli noted by a registered nurse with a comprehensive home health cart pion Excellent wage , paid by us weekly Insurance ond bon ding included loom ond booed with ample off tun*. 

Medical capeline* be sn abir but not required Appointments ar longed following 
(aview or resume 
Mod or deliver resume to: 
Nursefinders 
224-4333 
73o N Mom 

RNS 
A N D 
LVNS 
★ 11-7 shift 

Apply at 
CARRIAGE SQUARE 
NURSING HOME 
8 o 2 o B la n c o R d . 
3 4 4 -4 3 5 3 

DRAFTSMAN 

W e are seeking an ex per lanced draftsman who nos successfully completed mechanical drafting school. 
In oddrhon to the prepara­ tion of detailed drawings, this individual will also complete ports lists, 
Bill ond M ote'lots and other engineering documents. For a personal interview, please apply a? our am p attice with sam ­ ples of drawings 

 rR N ’* - I V N ’* ''! 
J o in S o n A n t o n io 's 
I o r o a s t p r o v id e r o f s ta ff re lie f s o rv ic e s 

Call: 

224-2341 

Friedrich 

A Chanson of VVyfom, Inc 

4 2 o o N. Partam 
Expressw ay 

S o n Antonio, T X 

Equal Opportunity Employer 
__________ 
M f 

BODY MAN 

 needed at 

Main 
Lincoln/Mercury 

Body Shop 

 o s A fo r lo o B erth er* 

11 23 N M ain 

225-65o1 

LOGISTICAL SUPPORT INC 

EXPERIENCED D RIVERS FOR PASSENGER 
A N D C A R G O VEHICLES 
A U T O /T R U C K M EC H A N IC S 
SUPPLY PERSONNEL 
M O T O R PO O L PERSONNEL 

AIR FORCE EXPERIENCE HELPFUL 
W ILLING TO RELOCATE IS DESIRABLE 

SEND RESUME TO: 

PO B O X 9 o24 
EL PA SO , TEXAS 79982 

A N EQ U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y EM PLO Y ER 

O F F IC E C L E R K 
Dependable ♦ 
Friendly tor or owing NsMt* CP. 
SVM) call Gala Connor 7)1 M I 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
I mploymcnl Service, H Gilt Rd 

M edical Receptionist-Secretory 
•or physician s heavy practice 
* N Charge Position, full tim* or 
M e d ica l te rm in o lo g y a m u sl, heavy phone and typing, I day work week 72S-o9S9 

 pert tim*. I ll shit! Good pay benefits Apply in person to M s 
Alite. Director et N u rsin g Ser vices 
San Pedro M anor 414 W 

OFFICE 
Downtown, general attice work c .ii, , lio n s 
774 332* 

Building, m usl be nip-ritm ced in rn *d I col terminology, typing and 

I* A V RO I t Ct E R K S6oa ♦ 
Bf i m r leal et cham ce 
Coll Tern Todd ASF 1123 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Im p Svc 87o3 Rough Rider 

PBX NOR INSIDE 
Sue 927 77ti I I I ) SW Military 
Job Experts Inc Pkireitifnl Si r 
P E O P L E G R E T T E R 
S47S 
Lite skills tor p«rtonality spat Colt 
Lynn IM 4494 New Day Per sonnet 
Conslts, *81 N E Loop 41b, Suite j 
SU 
I 
Phone teller tor $4oo, J day, boid benefits Bonkers Em p Svc . 47o# 
Cr uwnhiH M I * It)_______________ 
P R T Y P E 
Eiegent ond p lu sh t i 
Clvrleal shills, peas* ond persona lily lia r! s u i . Cell Eve Lena. I 
241 IH I 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Employ IQI W R E C T O R Service 
P U B L IC R E L A T IO N S 
Fantastic spot! Sec Ie m anager-1 
Hurry! SAO# COH Jan ll# 4494 New 
Doy Personnel Census, tai N E 
Loup 4IO quite ti* 
R E C E P T -C L E R IC A L Start SS2o! I 
Type only SE North Will Iraan on m o t h in t 
C o li L in d e B le c k , 
341 H SI 
S N E L L IN G A S H E L L IN G 
* " M S I IU " . S U T9fi 1 g " V 
R E C E P T IO N IS T , law e ffi*e 
L ith ! typing, legal background desired, n# sh e rlh o n d * * * * * good benettle. C all M r 
A eron f u tm 
PROE EXH' CONSIKIANIS 
o 4 3 IH ig. suite aaa 
R E C E P T IO N IS T l a the m ea** tor this ar eel A rm Deals with m any V IP 's Type only 4b. ce tremolos i l l people $471 Nor me i OH- M I ISM 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G lima mg atli,'ti >rn- 

IWC HUMOte IU (ASS 
•S I l k tee* 
I x egtss AHS* HS Wk 

M E D IC A L S E C R E T A R Y tor solo L ” ' .. 
,,g7 internist in O ak H ills M e d ica l , RH S ond R P T S to teach evening 
Com al o utset Training 12 weft a minimum once or twice weekly 
One yr m inim com m itm ent 
Clime! Ob experience on u»»«l not 'Dtiuired Enthusiasm n u n 
U U 'm » !,.! T. 2 L L * . ______ 

 yping ar 
Cm l M r s R e v e le r bookkeeping, Monday- Friday. 4 c a t e r s d e vote s s open, references required 4t6 TOTI 

614 mins [MKS 

AUTO MECHANIC 
Experienced Ford Mechanic in ell pnoe«t of ouio repair Tee soler y plus bonus. I day week, poid vo­ cation. uniform s and insurance 
A p p ly in p e rso n . 
J A K E 
S C H U E L E F O R D INC . HONDO. 
TX 
SMedical IsctinoioBistS 
A r * you A S C P cerllT ied 
* 
1 u n h o p e yt P a u l t ile r b l) 4)49 
Jobs Inc Placement Svc 41) SW 

■ 
M E D IC A L t e c h 
Ta MOO# DO E. M F super eely 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Ooh Hills Mad Bldg 49* 991o 
Mr-dicol Oarntot Emu k n , _ 

MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIST 
Current A S C P registered 
M utt hove s u p e rv iso ry e xp e rien ce 
Apply rn per sam SI Benedict He vpilul ond N ursing Home South 
Aloma at Johnson Bouet Oeeor tunity Em*Mayer_________________ 
M E D SEC T Y 
You be th* bess. Ny id*, T* stoa 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hint Mad Bldg 69^9*1o s i- £ * "» « ' I M 
3f.fr____ 
N E E D ) 
Bkkprs and assistants Tee sa lur y 
924 44o1 United Personnel Census ss* C k w Military Or 

N U R S E S 
Peace Corps and V IST A nursing volunteert a r* haloing Ie estop lith Public health program s end train slatf Ie maintain them earl el Hie solution I* substandard hee lentil! in 49 developing italians end id low raceme or eat et th* 
U S Different, chaltenemg crag live Peace C a rp s end V IS T A g r a v id * vo lu n te e r liv in g al 
I# w * ne*, lr gasper lot ten. medical. athel be ne MIS. Prefer ne bepen dents Cadi M I IIT It l l, gal 4. a s t s J 
__ 
Petalled available mr A SC P Bg tit ie ieg m ed ical techneiegisl xeerienc* necessary ie Hem e 
•oleo* end * u l * m * l * d u t i l e me n it S o la r y < e m m tn tur t i * g lib experien ce r e n ig , I M r s 
Harper 4 ** blat tor cenhdeniiai inter view 

CAU I l k H 

RNS & LVNS 117 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E S 
Non sm okers oleos* apply ta t* 
Hillside M anor I l i a Gout! Lone 
‘B U S S I------------------------------------- 
RNS 

MICU SICU 
We erg providing supplemental 
Molting tor critical cart units in most et Son Antonio s drivel* ho toilets, so you can work lh* days ane shins et your choice in th* institution et you choice Prates viengl liability insurance provided bv us. 
NO F E E S ! 

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR 
EXCLUSIVE INSTANT 
PAY PROGRAM 

M M cal p g rsm ii Pool w 
« j a g ____________ l l * L M ? 
R N I* w ets relief, ell sh ills in smell ive toitoi kb Males iv em Sen 
Antonie ll interested pleas* cell 
SfftK i. I UA H U 
S e * Aniente H e alth S e rv ic e s 
Placements. Inc . M 
N I Lee# 
♦ J - W & U U i K H i U . 
..... 
Wauled eregressiv* remet* E V N or R N It work near Gulf Coost with ether aer sonnet and rosette 
I,i altu n program lea teen* adult 
#*#i CmNMI ttfHyf y pitf ut fin* becsgruund I* Bepress Nears P O 
. I m D S L IVO! . 
-- l i m i* e * t * eat st a h o h i wa 

A U TO P A R T S C O U N T E R M A N 
S day wtsa. lima and a noir tor overtime, must ba experienced 
Good medical benefits, cell tor interview 22S 47s), ash for RI. chord Luna 

BACKHOE OPERATOR 
Experienced in msialling sewers 
♦21 TMF_________________________ 
B A R B E R 
Apply in person EM Bander* Rd 
Q *dd steady tab 
______________ 
Barber wanted. Apply m PPT son 
2441 Vane# Jackson. Paia Conter 
8 4pm___________________________ 
B E A U T IC IA N , full firm CuHuyn on Rd salon, 4o4 I 344, 4o4 7441 
BO O Y M A N J yrs cap lo de car is m wark 4131342 4J) #241 
C A B IN E T M A K E R 
E aperient#, 7)3 91 17 14o# Ere der Ilk sour q Rd Nor Hasid# Build 

CABINET MAKER 
Good salary pius cam gany bene tits Ordy experienced need apply 

SIRVK! MANAGER* 
FOR LEADING 
MOBILE HOME FIRM 
MUST HAVE m a n a g e r i a l & 
SERVICE ABILITY 
Some Moth Ie Home 
Experience Required 

♦ G O O D PAY 

9b A L L COMPANY 
BENEFITS 

Sand Resume' lo; 

E x p r o u - N o w s 
Box 4426 
Sea Ant ame, Ti. 78297 

FURNITURE 
REPAIR 

Betoil furniture (a Mi Moulton 
Reefs outside leg 
Requires S years ex# work en wee# A upholstery Send lesumt Ie 
L- O W R i. 
STAR FURNITURE 
M il out# railway 
HOGSTON. TX IT OO* 
7 1 1 -1 1 4 7 1 1 1 
I O ! 

 lated I 
H I L 
H H H W tcbierry l i t ___ 
Cebine! meker needed im me dig rely, ) yrs esp or m er* Cod I I* k 
N i B - M • EM-EMB 
Cubmet Maker Tram s*, t i 4o an hour, kaew ied g* el weederork. ten Rest* 7)1 lift, I M I West Av# m i % *i2 k ‘as. 
CANOLE MAKER 
Dependable shift w orker m u ll hay* geed work exponent* end rotor onces I day 144 b tl week en a otamsg sniN, BWferenhai pay Mr late SMH Witt tram tor J w e e n oner tea assum ing I* shift dalles 
Cad A I Reel Ce t i) 1o44 for ie 

Mg net ith e is t Hawk 
(Ass T is ieee 

C arp enter or experienced c g r ­ e e n ie r'# apprentice Apply in person between 4-spm Palm er 
Lan d sca p e Com pany 14431 Ne cdbiactip* BB 
Carpenters end Helpers taw • est dentist construction 4211 ITO Or 
U U U ! __________________________ 
Carpenters and cap helpers, coll 
*1} f ij i B99wpen } 3b 7pm 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction 
349IS44 
C A R P E N T E R ) I* work at Con yen L a k e - call C A W ile rse n 
»j!if«r.- [ im I W M ___________ 
C O M P O SIT IO N S H IN G L E R S 
M U ST H A V E C R EW 
- 
*?!.*» 
H 1 IH I 
Corpus Chrish areg, experienced service station pump repair and in setter mechanic Satery open ceti catted It) 444 lait oner I 
J J A i i l £ 'l i m . 
______ 
C O T T A G E P L U M B E R S 
M I * per hear 
C a ll betw een 

Want 
Ads 
C A L L 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

DRAFTING $2oojH!iS 
Vie *22-2711 173) SW MBttfry 
Job Experts ln^ Plgctm ent )»r 
S IM Driver Traine* 11 bowe 
Need 14 to start today! A * ce * future lh* Kelly 
*2) SJM 
41k SMT Military 
Jobs South Placement Service 
Equipment Operators wanted tor heavy high avoy construction 4JIC 
Scrapers. O I dolors. 4I3B noddle scrapers. T H D wage rates pard 
Calf 272 *24* or 4*7 )711 

♦ JBT M. abl 4741 
■ 
O lC S E L TRU C K D R IV E R S needed 
E e p e rie a c e d with 
I) speed iiensniissie* preterred 
4») lit ! 
6 i f i j t i ’ t b u C k 
O i i v f i f I 
W A N T I O h u sb a n d w it* teem preterred E aper lance ond refer 
•nee* re oui r *4 M ust bove geed d r iv in g re ta r d * • • * v * r 14 ft* I I M ™ . 
_________ ____ 

E X P B ra k* ager* 

EXPERIENCED SURVEY 
PARTY CHIEF 
To# wages end ben*rn a 
W H O NQWt *jt i m f x p *ri*n c *d sm ell anoine and mower mechanic aaa) Broadway 
•it u n __________________________ 
B x e t n e n c t d 
C e n tra l 
A ir 
Conditioning man tar residential 

E x p e rie n c e d ) yr re sid e n tia l helpers need ap p ly ie p erson 
Bour Electric Ce M I4 West Ave tarsi sxtr'.v.r"\i • m t w , 
Experienced concrete finishers wonted, run nm * Agaty rn par sa* 
4)4 Weft Nae ame 
Experien ced Electrician, refer eaces required Coll Mon Tues. 
Fit unq Set Sqm kgm ask pa# 
I O P l 

 r» •T • vs • es • • • • 4• • s • »S • 

NOW IN T t* VII W IN O 

FOR IX P . 

BEAUTY 
SA L O N 
O PER A T O R S 

Curran! Beautician Iii erne 

 required, commission, ai 

 callant working conditions, 

 modern Solon, outstanding 

 baneful program, liberal 

 vocation poky 

Apply in person 

W e d . - T h u r s . 

2 -4 p.m . 

JCPenney 

Windsor Pork Moll 

(qual Opportunity (mpteyer M I 

Experienced Cleaner - P resser 
Com bination M o rge n Cleaners 
I9tt-4»H 
E X I A R (E N C E D M E C H A N IC 
Front end work, brakes, miner tun* uas Guaranteed salary ♦ ; romrmssien Appt* in person BUI 
M ciietti Tire Ce . Inc tit* San 
Pedro 34)9*11________________ 
E xp e rie n ce d sp ra y painter ta work in new horn* construction, tatertaf • tiNrtdc.. U * t * f i ---------- 
Expel lanced Sheet Metal Fobri cater. Ie* salary and benefits, tall m j h n 
_______________ 
E x p e rie n c e d 
B e e k ite * and 
■ T rencher O eereter. ceil Men. 
I Tues, F r i and Sat. bam lp m 
>» Ut*------------------------------- 
E xp e rie n ce d T ru th M e ch an ic needed tor im m ed em pleym 
E tc ca. Benefits contact Service 
Mer Den Hetderman et Barrett 
Mech. Lufkin, Tx I t ) 4 )* )171 days nights ar woeheads *1) iota 
I ft M i M i* _______________________ exp e rien ce d C O N S T R U C T IO N 
L A B O R E R S needed. 4o*1 Bread 
* i i L w r « __________________ 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
H C A V Y 
E G U IP M E N T A N O W A U K E S H A 
E N G IN E R E P A I R M A N ca ll 
Jackie Brew * et 8J4 /is# tor aa pointm en! E q u a l O iw e rtu n ifv q mf Meal 

FXP. GARMFNT MARKIR 
ON PANTS DD SHIRT! 

MANAGER TRAINEE 
Due to exfutnnion in San Antonio I -S Home ( entral Texan 
Divinion in necking bright, am bitious* se lf Mortem interested in learn ing a ll ohu»*‘S o f residential construction an d m anagem ent. 
Must be willing lo work long bourn, ft day* u week. trem endous opportunity f o r grow th an d high income. Start un superintendent trainee. $l.t.OOO w a r. C ollege degree not required but any col­ lege is a plus. P refer tom e expeience in busine** an d I or m ilitary. 
Com pany ;m id insurance, 2 weekn vacation, pro JI I sh arin g, pay an d perform ance review every ft months, l f you are in the form ative stage o f your career an d willing lo p ay the price fo r success 
C A L L C O L L E C T 5 1 2 — 3 1 9 - 8 o 5 7 8-4* M O N .-E R I. 
O R S E N D R E S U M E T O P .O . R O X 1 o 1 3 1 , 
S A N A N T O N I O , T X 7 8 2 I O 

L I S T E D O N N E M 
Y O R K S T O C K E X C H A N G E n , n ti t m t m n m u m i p l f t w k 

FURNITURE 
DELIVERY MEN 

• bloody (Ob a Pretor some previous furniture experience 
• fringe banetitk 
• N e a t o n d d ep e nd ab le 

C O R T 

F srv w 19g e n R w c sfc x i 

34o3 frederick sh erg Id 
736-4491 

A p p ly try P a i-eo n 
I O a.m . • 3 p m . 

FXP. SHEET VINYL 

ANO HLF INSTALLERS 
M ust hee* ewe taels and Ira n 

*c¥ n T R A L PLO O R C O V E R IN G 
N I * Bed St. 
418 't il I 
F R A M IN G C A R P E N T E R S end helpere inquire in gersem d 74S* 
H ig h Stagger, ta n * E y e r s R d norm. turn ngnt en Forest Pm *. 
o* I Wk turn left, I 'i b i s s, Tare right 
_______________ 
F R E IG H T H A N D L E R 
I# went en deck end bandi* set vape for mater carrier 44 hour week, M e a F ri C am anay b *n * hts Sense clerical aver* required 
Com o)4 9441 i d 4) h r Interview t v M y * 
V 'H str.1. fu rn itu re repair end lo u c h e * 
P e r tim * t apert#** 

B O B T A IL TRUCK D R IV FR 

Im m ediate o p e n in g tor ex per ie need truck driver to deliver nursery g o o d s 

 throughout 
T e xas a nd 
O k la h o m a P le a t * calli 

L a u ra R k h 
I - 3 9 3 - 3 1 G I 
#«BF Mote* (nisflBGitBti 

O r g a n V a lle y 
N a ra a rta s , Im . 

G R O U N O K E C P E R M A IN T E N 
A N C E M A N Ie w ork af bister sifts, m u st be h e rd w o rkin g, sen motivated ond versatile in oil iO re e el a ro u n d and b u ild in g m aintenance A pply in person between I# OO e n * k bb, The Old 
S p a n ish M is sio n s , b ib l G rot, 
1122 ”31______ ___________ 

ALARM OPERATIONS 

Alarm vtrvHf end imlgMolKtn personnel, must bt eipentmed in beth burg1* ond tut sy-term 

(•Ii lur eppannfniwit, 
174 oS64 belve*') I ani and S pm, Monday 

 fndoy 

B e n e fits In clu d e : 
• U rsifo rm a Lib a In su ra n c e 
• H a a tfh In su ra n c e 
• Paid Vocation 

C A P B P IE NC K O P L U M B S R S a e * e e p e rie a c e d p lu m b e r helpers M usl have head teats JIT 
Beman n ) ) 
| 
! l ______ 
(Att I l k is o * 

Geed salary, all b*n#tils. Irs* 

•L' i i i va g a r y ! ” 

 perking Per mtaH motten **#ty 
P IN E SII. V B R M P G CO 

 p e rso n ere te rre d 
Po y P lS H E R S i i i t4Sb 

 tx vet vs o h o new s 

— HJV l A U l H O n i— 
PC ACI y o u * W AHI s o 
Me tm I x rat ss Hews c a ic l l s ieee 

HAIRDRESSER 
I rn m edial* opening in nerihsid* 
•emily haircutting she* e l. IM I 
. MB. 
______________________ 
H A IR D R E S S E R with e a ge r- 
••nee apply et Ab)I Bandera Rd 
4* 1 3 * 1 
H A IR D R E S S E R apply rn put ken 
P l a i d 
Beauty 
Satan, 
) })# 
BfdPtdwOPd 
H A IR D R E S S E R apply in person 
Pie ae Beauty Som a lib North 
• Ii ! i 
» l 
Center 
Hove Open IX * her a mature, neat per sen Ie service intercom end em .n»« iv atame Must ho vt need mechanical and electrical knew ledge W I* iroin insurance, paid vac alien I ) * fssi________________ 

HYDRAULIC JACK 
ME CHUA NIC 
M u ll ae tig e r tent eg. ken Attern* 
Squid merit Ce, )) )) Blanc* R d , 
I person IM A M S 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 
I fo r tap Stereo Plotter spurt,I,ors iond s c r ib e r s 
C o n fact 
Otto 
D and y, P h e te g ra m m e trlc Ser 
! vices Inc, Reynoldsburg, Ohio 
1414-o44 N tO BO B 

LAUNDRY HELP 
1 Shirt press operofer. experienced tfhty W M W 
______________ 
Locksm ith m inim um of 4 yrs in the trade b* prqfscient Mi skills of trode, have comme) tigl license. 
: be bendable solar y will depend ion experience Apply In person 
I N ortheast Independent School 
: O 
' oor t onaol i office 
IO U ) 

MACHINIST 
Per lathes end mins 

PRODUCTION CONTROL 
Must be awe to reed btu* punts 
I I 77) M el S B M M P G CO________ bi Ac I 'O u t W AH' Ab mc tm ix e a isk m o c a c i l l s io n * 

BIB FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

San A ntonio EXPRESS NEW S 

BIB FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

SUMMER JOB 

M an & W ife 

Northern W iscon sin 

Cook & H e lp e r 

 to take care o f 4 to 2 o people in cool lake area. 
M ay 
15 th thru 
Sept. 
I. Generous salary w ith 2 weeks bonus fo r staying fu ll tim e. 
Prefer retired mess sgt. 

C o ll M a jo r T o r r e n c e 4 3 3 - 8 7 6 5 

Tuesday-Thursday 8-11 a.m. or 9-11 p.m. 

W AITRESSES / HOSTESSES 
[BUS BOYS 
COOKS! 

D IS H W A S H E R S 
I 
All Shifts 
■ Positions available in our NEW San Antonio unit I 
Apply In person March 28 to April I 
| 
I iojos re s ta u ra n t 
| A fa m ily r e s ta u ra n t d e d ic a te d to q u a lity J 
4 2 5 o Fredericksburg Rd. 
EOI M /F 

Sunday M arch 2 7 1 9 7 7 

PARI HME 
E I • PART TIME 
62o Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

PART TIME TELEPHONE SALES 
5 P.M. to 9 P.M. 

College, High School, M ilita ry or Retired 
Persons can earn up to $ 4 .o o per hour making calls from our o ffice . 
No Experience Needed 
Free Parking 
Call M r. Green 
2 2 5 -2 8 1 o 

 o n e q u a l o p p o r t u n it y e m p lo y e r 

62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

NUTRITIONIST 

International 

Spa Fitness O m e r 

 i i looting for om bitioiu men to run rind operate 

 its nutritional center 

Call M r. Cee 
6 9 9 -3 o 3 o 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity em p loye r 

614 SHULS IRAQIS 

The City at K irb y , T e n e t ii ce- reptinq application* for a public work -.nr. t visor 
Experienced In street conduction and repair Be pinning salary $7oo O month Ap ply pl K irby City Hall. n j Boti man SI . Son Antonio. TX 78JI9 
Truck and m edium weight equip menl mechanic Apply in person betw een ( lp m P a lm e r Lands rope Co 1oA31 Nacogdoches Rd 
SS5Q Veterans $95o 
Not ! CO S w an! y o u 1 W ill tra in now I John Ham pton t H «H o Jobs 
South Placem ent Syc 413 SW Mi 
Htory_____________________________ 
Warehouse Delivery 
M ust be n e at and clean In ap 
Draconer local references Apply in Person 
O K rent Floor Covering 
JOO Son Pedro 

• 
• 
M 
M 
M 

 r n 

 r n 

W A REHO USE D R IV E R 
Some e x p e rie n c e Coed stable company, fast raises 
Rich A Assoc Em ploym ent Sry 
484oA Son Pedro 824 o441 
IMMEDIATE 
EMPLOYMENT 
FOR 
• Pipe and Structural 
FITTERS 
• Pip. end Structural 
WELDERS 
(■cedent pay end Compony pout benefits Apply nt 
REFRIGERATION 
ENGINEERING 
C O R P O R A T IO N 
•799 CrownMI 
Son Antonio, Teiot 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

MACHINIST 
M IL L ANO LA TH E 
Good pay. G ood b e n e fit* P e r ­ manent position 
M O NR O E IN D U S T R IE S 
_ _ _ _ _ ess .o44_____________ 

W AREHO USE 
I G eneral W arehouse w ork, fllir.g orders, receiving shipments, ans 
1 wering phones, one years exper 
I ienre Apply at SNAP ON TOOLS 
CORP , S ilt Business P ark Dr 
Eg1' o1 Opportunity Em ployer __ 
We now need J h a rd w o rk in g 
; m aintenance helpers Must have 
! knowledge of apt re p airs S tart 
J i i SO per hour, some overtim e No e x p e r ie n c e d o n 't a p p ly 
J I4 J 
I Zercher. oft 4)o. I blk Broortwoy 
White Buffalo Corporation needs j carpenter* and helpers At toast J 
I y e a rs w o rk s c h e d u le d 
C o ll 
349-94.7. 
W ILSO N IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
*4 NE LOOP 41o SUITE IJoE 
___________ SU 349 U t)___________ 
I 
SI OO wk Janitorial SUSwk 
M a tu re 1 night shift! Need J now 1 
Joyce Best 9J3 43.4 Jobs South 
Placem ent Svc 413 SW M ilitary 
1*3 PO 3.7o8 NEW HOME TEXA S 
D IV IS IO N P O BOX I 1.431 San 
Antonio, Tx 7871*________________ 

HONEST. . . 

1. $1oo-S2oo per day average commission. 

2. No competition. 

3. Daytime selling to local businesses. 

4. We offer group insurance. 

NO PHONY RUN-AROUNDS 
TOTAL INFORMATION BY PHONE 
Successful, Professional 
SALES PERSONS ONLY 
CALL MR. GOLD 
Mon. fit Tues. 9 A M -5 PM 

7 
3 
2 
- 
5 
1 
4 
1 

$ 2 1 o PER WEEK 
GUARANTEED 

O rder Installation departm ent, no experience necessary, co. w ill train, must have ow n transpor­ tation, full and part time. 

C all 7 3 5 - 6 1 5 1 

McDonald's 
N e a r S A C 
Full T im ., N ig h t T im . 
M W .ig h t .g t3 o a .m . M o n .-Tri. an d som a w .a k a n d t 
Janitor /Custodian 
Mala / .am ala 
Mutt bt 25 years or older and responsible 
Job requires bord work 
Dulles inrlude landscape care, washing parking lot, walls, windows, dining room, kitchen, etc We offer permanent rob with heolth and life insurant*, paid vocations ond other benefits Start 
57 5o, work up to S3 SO on hr 4o 
46 hr week 

 apply in person I 3o 6 3o p rn 
Mon Sot, ask for frank or dir hard 
721 5an Padre 

GENERAL 
LABORERS 

L a id o f f ? 
In b e fw g e n permanent 

 la b ? 
Then apply at Manpower 

 lf you hove o home phone and car, you can bef sent to temporary 
|ob* from your home 
I day to 
I month assignments 

A p p ly T o d a y 

63o Broadway 
224 9253 

 e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 
M ANPO W ER ttMPOHARY StRViCLS 
' I 

MOTEL 
HOUSEKEEPER 

Mole or Female 
Experienced only apply in person 

 la Q u in ta 

M o to r In n 
•HIO I Vance Jackson 

B2o Help Wanted 
Miscellaneous 
62o Help Wanted 

TEST CAR DRIVERS 

• Minimum og* 25 yrs. or older 

• Good driving record required 
• Doy or night driving 
• Vohd tows driver's license required 

Call 684-231o Ext. 291 

Automotive Research 
Associates, Inc. equal opportunity employer 

Skilled and unskilled, tired of lob hunting? Let me help. call Fred 
732 21*1, 25o1 West Ave. 
Jo b s N o r th . Inc. P la c r m t S v c__ 
1,ooo's of Jobs • JOO Choices 
Qualify now, earn and learn 
GO A R M Y 222 8812 or 453 oS*J 
SHU NEED 

Joo1 
A U T O M O T I V E 
D O 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 

. men ond women to star, tmme d lately in p e rm an e n t fu ll lim e jobs. E x c e lle n t w o rkin g cond! lions No experience necessary 
SI7$ per week if qualified to start 
For appt cal) .S3-745I 
S T U D E N T S need ed to sell flow ers. $1 7$ an hr or com m is­ sion 
C o ll . * * - 6 281. 828 *8 2 2 , 
22. 8*21 
________________ t 
♦ 
♦ 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
ASSISTANT 
MANAGER t 
♦ 
♦ 

• 
With knowledge of t 

^ bookkeeping-typing. ^ 

♦ 337-4241 ♦ 

Telephone S oltcitor»-part lim e , exp o n ly , our c o m m ls s tlan Is w orth you looking into this ad 
Coll B. House 342-oS85.___________ 
Texas Arm y National G uard Sig not Compony needs 12 good men or women to fill our unit. E xcel­ lent part tim e pay and benefits 
224-291o_______________________ 
S2.5o Trainees S2.75tir 
Learn a trode1 I need 8 to start today Mechanics, welders, many more Ik * Kelly 
*23 4344 
413 SW M ilitary 
Jobs South Placem ent Service 

SPRINGTIME 
BRINGS 
SUNSHINE, FRESH AIR, WARM BREEZE and CONVERTIBLES 
BEAT SUMMER PRICES NO W 
5-SPIED 
BOX 
DISC BRAKES 
QUARTZ CLOCK 
1977 
I 24 SPIDER 

TWIN OVERHEAD CAM 
STEEL RADIALS 
TINTED GLASS 

TRAINEES 

DRIVER MESSENGER 

Full time 

 good driving record 

• $ 2 .5o per hour 

A p p ly p erson ne l 
RAY ELLISON 
INDUSTRIES 
48oo FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

$2 7$ per hour, willing to work and will train *24 4481 United Person net Conslts I M C S W M ilitary Dr 
W A N T E D A P A R T M E N T House 
M aintenance m an 
For 7o U nit I complex, knowledge of oir condi- tipping pool, etc 34* 8o.J_______ 

COLLECTOR 

Must know City 
For Top Salary 

Call or come to 
PLAZA 
FURNITURE 
2 2 3 W . Comm erce 

•WAREHOUSE* 
J day w k' $2 JO 3 OO on hr! 
JoAnn 82.-o227 Job Placem ents 
Em ploym ent Ser 531. Son Pedro 
W A R E H O U SE M A N $2 SO hr entry level position with growing b u ild in g products d is trib u to r 
O vertim e ond excellent benefits. 
C om m ercial license helpful Ap ply ot 341$ Steen__________________ 
YARD MAN 
M an for ueneroi grounds m ain te n a n c*. 4o h r. week 
Apply at office. W a rre n House Apts 3222 
HW Loop 41o 1oAM to 7PM 
YoUN6 GIRLS 
To w ork tor a new com pony in 
Son Antonio, must be free to tra ­ vel Coll to r Interview between to am 12 noon only, 733-77*7 ask for 
Tony_____________________________ 

BEST BUYS EVER 

LARGEST SELECTION Of 
SPORT CARS 
IN TEXAS 

X - 1 9 
MGB 

FIRST TIME IN HISTORY! 
“ NOW DEALING” 
ON SPORTS CARS. ALL STICKER PRICES 
ARE NOW NEGOTIABLE! 

JAGUAR • MGB • MIDGET • FIAT • LANCIA 

I M P * ^ T 5 

62? • DOMESTIC_________ 

B o t!w *m *r" w a n to T " 7 T o w *^ rt^ thru Thurs 12 3o to . p.m . L it* h o u s e k e e p in g 
$ 2 S p lu s twonsportotlon 735 3322 a fte r i p m 

I 82o BROADWAY 

END OF YEAR SALES ON ALL NEW 
1976 PEUGEOT— GAS AND DIESEL 
ENGINE SEDANS AND STATION W AGONS 
SOLD AT PORT OF ENTRY PRICES!! 
BABYSITTER 

EXTRA CASH 
$25o TO $3oo PER MONTH 
DELIVERY MORNING EXPRESS 
ROUTES BEFORE 6:oo A.M . 

ALAMO HEIGHTS - NACOGDOCHES RD. . 
FREDERICKSBURG RD. A LOOP 4 1 o 
AREAS. 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 225-7411 EXT. 126 
OR 655-5675 OR 656-3332. 
An Equal Oppoitumty Employer 

616 FOCO WINK SERVICES 
616 I PHD DRINK SERVICES 

616 - FOOD PRIWK SERVICES rL i u n v m m i g 

M A C H IN IS T 
2 to 4 years experience Must be obi* to operate m ill*, lothes, drill p re ss es , g rin d e rs a n d re la te d equipm ent tor fabricating ond r * p oring p o rt* tor s cien tific, m e- chonicol equipm ent Accuracy in oh phases of work 
Apply In Person Bt 
Personnel Office 
U T H E A L T H SCIENCE 
C E N TE R 
7743 Floyd Curl Or San Antonio, 
Te x 
E a u o l O p p o rtu n ity E m 
P f yer 
S3 OO Mechanics SS.QQhr 
Need 8 gos. diesel. Iron! end. A . co * Ike Kelly 

METAL WORKER S4hr 
H o r *17 2711 1231 SW M allo ry 
Job E xpert* Int Plocement Ser 
M IC R O G E N E q u ip m en t Corp near a irp o rt needs bench type 
A s s e m b ly M e c h a n ic , s te a d y w ork. 4o hrs per week 
F rin g e benefits 34* 271 1 tor appt________ 

 m ig WELDERS experienced on tv Kuest Corp 1o*o* I HJJ North 
.SS 122o 

MOBILE HOME 
DRIVER- INSTALLER 
E X P E R IE N C E NECESSARY 
A P P L Y IN PERSON 
1 X 4 A U S TIN HW Y________ j 

Mobile Horne Serviceman 
E x p e rie n c e d d riv e r, set up, tie 
•o w n repgir * 2 . J J* I____________ 
N e e d a t o n c e . e x p e rie n c e d e le c tr ic a l h e lp e rs w ith tw o or three y e a r* house w iring exper 
•e n c * 
FO SS E L E C T R IC . *o1o 
A e r o . o14-335o 
_______________ 
Needed first c f ss auto mechanic tor general a u f repair, a ir con pit ion mg knowledge necessary, 4 d a y s s a la r y d e p en d s on q u a lific a tio n * , m ust have aw n 
Nato. A H + 841 til rd J r n u -T ra c to r T ra ile r m e c h a n ic . S I 5o an h o u r. ask fa r 
C arat >37-4354 
Need throe tun tim e and tour part tim e s e c u rity o ffic e r*, m a l* a r tem ple 227 2/77 

FRONTIER 

ENTERPRISES 

DINNER-HOUSE 

DIVISION 

Is accepting applications far: 

• Busboys • Busgirls 

• Hosts o Hostesses 

A pply In Person 

Monday-Friday, 
8 :3 o a .m .-4 :o o p.m. 

IS2o CROWN HIU BLVD. 

Outdoor M aintenance, have own tr a n s p o r ta tio n , a d v a n c e , c a ll 
Cm dy 737 | l * l , J$o1 West Ave lo os N orm m r pi<n em f Svc 

PART TIME 
JACK-IN-THE-BOX 
•tm port tim* position* ovoitobl* from ll om 2 pm weekday* and IO pm J a m , today ond 
Setwdwy 

$2.3o an hour to start 

* (to* Ho*pitoti lotion 
* fold Vocation 

* Bent Fay fnrtoose* 
Apply rn person J 5 p rn et 1o22 
FP look et Id in Umvottai (tty 

No Phono CaNs Flea** 

I quai Opportunity Impinger 

 c m 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 
Nos full time and port time positions available days or nights 

* 6 day* a week 
* G o o d pay 
* Free hospdolnobon 
* P o d vex ebon 
* G reat odvoncement o p ­ portunities for alert, responsible individuals 
Apply ip person o-11 a rn. at 2463 Nacogdoches Id. 

Na phone calls pie es* 
(qual Oppoitumty Implorer 

WAITRESS 
Korom 's North Qo23 Vqntope Dr 
W aitress, m orning shin Apply In 

£i-LmnneliLmccmmsa2ecaxwcmwea^mi 
62o Help Rained 
Miscellaneous 

WORKING COUTU 

FOR 
IXFCUTIVI CoNFfRIN« 
CENTER 

[lenitive ronlertnce renter bruted new Kerrville, lexo*. re­ quite women to prepare meal* ond do housekeeping ond mon to for* lot dobies and motntom ground* lofted on 12 ceres with pod. tennis, stobfes, etc. 
Three noesis houses, plus big* mom nous* 
( credent so lory ond benefits, plus housing 
Flees* confort rhylhs Bonier, 
(51?) *78 MIM, (it 667 
An (quo! Opportunity (mpbyer 

“ I d o n 't w ant to hear a song and dance about your a ttic fu ll of old s t u f f ! " 

Call 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

EXPERIENCED APT. 
HUSBAND and WIFE 
MANAGEMENT TEAM 

| Bilingual preferred to I 
'manage out of town com- jplex, for large manage I ment firm 
Salary, free! japt and fringe benefits. 
341-7181 

6ooo OPPORTUNITY 
R e fit liquor chain needs full tim e ond port tim * sales c le rk s for no rth s ld e stores 
Age o v e r 35 p re fe rre d . R etail o x p erie n c* of some kind p re fe rre d , not neces­ sarily liq u o r 
P o ly g ra p h exam i required 
All com pony benefits 
Apply in person Don s A Ben's office. West A y* of Loop 41o, osk tor Wayne Wyatt_________________ 
GOOD S PA RE T IM E IN C O M E 
Person needed to te s t m oney 

Needed im m ediately, m ature, re i noble $34 *183___________________ 
B A B Y S IT T E R wanted to r sum m e r, Shenendooh oreo. a tte r s 
4*9-HST 
Couple with young son and large hom e need housekeeper. Need references, coll between I a m -!* noon 73$ 4 .4 4 __________________ 
SAVE $$$ 

Off Suggested Retail 
Price on any new 
1976 Peugeot. 

English speaking maid. between 
JO ond 45 years preferred, in good heolth. must be expert cook and housekeeper, p re to r Nve-ln. Good solory, references required Coll 
. * . JJU between *-$ weekdays 
1 H ousekeeper needed fo r young fam ily, perfect M r person on fixed in c o m e . L iv e -in , h o u rs v a r y j $.7 2.8 * ofter lpm 
' L ive in B a b y s itte r a nd h ouk*- i keeper S' i Poy*. .8 ) 2317________ j 
L IV E IN H O U S E K E E P E R 
I______ $ Poy*. SSO 34* 7341________ 
! l ive in m ature babysitter tor . yi-nr Old boy. CCM 829 1834 
! N eed B a b y s itte r in m y h o m e, 11 
Lockland area, Mon F rl 475 1*43 
I N E E D E D IM M E D IA C Y Live rn 
• Babysitter 734 $543______________ 
Need m ature, concerned couple or individual to live-in ond car tor 

Peugeot 5 o 4 SL 
Gas Sedan *. 

: \ 
' 

 g k 

Peugeot 5 o 4 
Diesel Sedan* 

Peugot 5 o 4 
Diesel W a g o n *. 
W e ’ve cs#* the price on e v e ry 1 9 7 6 
Peugeot on our lo* to m ake w a y fo r 
♦he incoming 197 7 m odels. 
So come on down fo r the b e t* 
Peugeot deal e v e r. 
But hurry. 
Q uantities are lim ited ond this o ffe r expires M a y 3 1 , 1 9 7 7 . 
‘ R ebate from P .O .I. Price. Does N o t 
Include Air Conditioning or Radio. 

 m aking pain Send short tetter or 1 ••Oerty couple Board. room . so 

AIR FILTRATION 
E A R N IN G S TO 152o 
Due to expansion we have open mas tor skilled ond unskilled pen pie in the air nitration f i e f Cam pony w ill tra in , no e xp e rien c e necessary W ork eves and Sot , flexible hours a rra n g e d for stu dents 

__________ 3 4 2 -5 2 2 7 ____________ 
APT M A N A G ER couple exp. ne cessory. adult luxury apt in Oak 
H ill* Before noon, J47 444? 

CoCKT All-W AITRISS 
Second Shift 
RELIEF BARTENDERS 
Pert-TUa* a TOP PAV 
• GOOD BINI*ITS 
APPLY IN KIRSON 
JO JOS 
RESTAURANT 
A FAMILY RESTAURANT 
DEDICATED TO QUALITY 
7o7 NE LOOP 41o 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 

Apt m anager 
I tor smoil northslde complex, exp 
I not necessary, couple preferred 
■ 3 9 1 - 6 4 3 9 . 
___ 
ASSIST APT M A NAG ER 
Needed a t to ra * northside pro perty I Y r esp Salary .o p t. 
APAR t M E NT JOBS O f J A 
871 t i t * 
Em ploym ent Consultants 

Security O ffic e r* 
Pull tim e A Port tim e tu p Required 
$ 2 .3 6 Per Hr. 
Work with th* boding Security him hi th* world Above average pay 
Strut background check 
•ecessocy All uniform*, equip ment ond training provided 
Join The 
W A C K E N H U T 
T eam 
Apply af 

4311 Woodcock br Suite 1o1 
Mondoy-ftfdey 1:3o-3 P AA. 

733 9162 

 equal opportunity employ -. 

 resum e to 
E xpress New s Box 
No <124 792*7 We will reply. 
G R O U N D M A IN T E N A N C E man w ith va too r id in g m o w e r. 
' experienced. 225 7o31 ask tor Del 
I Hie. 
; 
High school students, I t yeors and older to sell flowers at 75% commission, s a l* location, good 
’ opportunity tor industrious stu dents Coll Bobs Bo hoy, 732 *848 
H O USEP A R E N T 
M u s t e n lo y w o rk w ith b a n d i capped boys Call Owen 178 44*4 
New Day Personnel conslts. to t 
NE loop 41o, Suit* SU___________ 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS 
I t* T R A IN E E S 
New openings to r San Antonio 
I residents to work with o u r hydro filter Must be t i y r* or over with m inim um I yr residence Full or j p o rt lim o a v a ila b le 
No exp e r- fence necessary 
CALL 341-1334 

 lo ry and b e n efits 
L o c ated on 
G uad alupe R iv er n e ar C anyon 
Dom 
Send resum e to E xpress 
News Box 447* Son Antonio 717*7 
Responsible llve-ln housekeeper for odult fam ily Heolth card ond references required 874-o447 
Shavano Pork area, m aid needed. 
Wednesday and Friday from * am to 3 pm Transportation and ro- terences needed. Coll 4*7-7783 
W o n ted e x p e rie n c e d h o u s e ­ k ee p e r. m ust have tra n s p o rta tio n , re fe r e n c e s r e q u ir e d . 
972-9*9*__________________________ 
Wanted Hair Dresser 
684 2666 

BROUGHTON MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN H W Y. • 6 5 5 -o 2 4 1 

624 SITUATIONS RANTED 

JANITOR 

Attn 
Lawyers, businessmen and merchants - envelope addressing ar slutting done, typed or w ritten 
Contact M rs BuontoHo 774 3 541 

Wanted to clean shoo and offices 
Apply d a ily betw een • JO 3 3o 
Precision M ig Co 4544 Sinclair 
Rd San Antonio. Tv 

B O O K K E E P IN G M a c h in e , Ten 
; key M ature Coll 333 2*74 
C o r* fo r e ld e rly tody n e a r St 
Loo's Church *23-1*1*, Ana, Ana 

Ladies earn up to $1oo per week in your s p a r* tim e. no experience rte P f tunA ni- 1 i~^ i necessary Good a p p ea ra n ce a 
P f * 

CO O K W on ts N ig h t Job 
733-9*19 
C a ll 

 work, have cor ond ret 5 dors a w ark 441 744* most Free training Apply at 22oo 
S WW W h it* Rd Tuesdovo and , 
Wednesdays I Porn 5pm 
E X P E R IE N C E D 
D a y 
M a id . 
3 LA D IE S N E E D E D . 3 hours dot , T. W ®* & ! 
4,4 ***?■ I 
Iv. S day week, 57$ Stanley Heme 
E ip e n e n c e d lady w an ts d a ys 
Praduts Inc . S33 34o9____________ work Reference Coll *23-3333 
LE A O S IN G E R needed tor O R I 
Highly qualified accountant and 
G IN A L hard rock band, concert counselor d esires s m a ll sat of and album work, must h a y* good books in m y homo office. Quor- 
! voice and ability to w rite lyric*. 
W ork e v e n in g * . 734 1913 or 
712-1184 
I »4o Local Deli'-ery $$oo company ti 

 ta rty re p o rts , fin a n c ia l s ta le m eats, y e a r end w o rk, incom e 
•axes Scotts B ookkeeping Ser- 
I v ie * 4*4-17o3 
________________ 

ASST MANAGER 
L e ta l n o rth s id e c o n v e n ie n c e store has im m ediate opening Io r assistant m a n a g e r. M ust hove some cash re g is te r experience 
P o lyg ra p h e x a m re a u ire d 
All company benefit*. Apply in per- sen 4993 West A v * at Loop 419. 
o'.t lot W ii j. nr W yatt 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

BAR H E L P 
FO R M ix ed D rink 
Lounge- P r e f e r F e m a le 
3314 

 a * * m 
»}»> sr . u t m 
B A R T E N D E R 
A C O C K T A IL 
W A ITRESSES needed et Th* VII lag * Inn. apply in person No * 
Winding Way 

6ARTENDRESS 
7)o7 Austin Hwy. 4$5 414? 

PAINTER $625 
VK *22 271) H JJ SW M ilita ry 
E a r l inc P lacem ent Ser 

PAINT SHOP HELPER 
E epee K need P erm anen t only! 
CAR C R A F T 
895 N A to mo 
P erm anen t position tor Qualified 
C A R P E N T E R who can le ad lob 
IO -ti y r * experience, m ust have ow n to o l* a n d v e h ic le 
C o il 
113 4711 fro m t e m 5pm w eekday* 
P e rm a n e n t w o rk tor q u a lifie d crone operators, w elders P r o w equipm ent m e ch a n ic, fo rm c a r ­ p e n te r* and la b o re r* 
Apply at 
Southwest P rec as t. 1)494 O Con nor ond IN 3$ North________ 
P lu m b in g r e p a ir m a n , e x p e rie n c e d o n ly 
474 l i l t o r 
o869183. 
I 
P R IN TE R 
Its *. AH Dick w iper- 
■eared only, K e rrv ille P rin tin g 
Cg W ^pqy, 
J 

Qualified small engine and mower borts counter man wanted 8*92 
Beppdw q y n o c m 
____ 
' 
Qualified warehouse w orker to r t stocking and Hugging duties 8*o1 
P rtOOwgy 874 Ales 

 a*,1.!**!}*- tm beauty shag. ex boc h o , 

 m Y T G e i T n c i 

KELLY 

LIGHT INDUSTRIAL 
NEEDS YOU NOVY! 
FOOD 
SERVERS 

Need 4o! 

Temporary Jobs 
♦dot An Aliency. 
Fee- F O f M 
.N e ve r A F 

KELLY SERVICES 

4<6€MS OfiMliBfview 
Suite* I * 4 
7 3 6 2 4 5 5 

BOBBY MACGEE S 
GOES L IV E C O U N TR Y! 
Now M irin g W a itre s s e s . B o r- lenders. B orbock* Apply in P e r­ son, loom 5pm O aily 4499 blk 
Son Pedro 

Beeline 
22623o3 

CHAUFFEURS 
WANTED! 
Reliable Good Opportunities 
Pleasant W orking Conditions 

Y E L L O W C A B 
1599 H O E F G E N 
5238 Chirks 57 5o hr 
S ta tio n e ry I D r u g s ! S p o rtin g goods' Dovo Crisp *71 4347 Jnbs 
Inc P lacem ent Iv e 413 SW MUL­ 
IS H _____________________________ 

BUSBOYS wanted, up to S3 99 PP hour C ry stal B aking Com pony 
1*14-1371 

COCKTAIL WAITRESS 
P a rt tim * 
K o ro m 's N orth IO U i Vantage D r 
D IN N E R COOK 
Soul Food, hat biscuits and to rn 
Oreod must Pe a speciality much experience needed. 1*o4+ 
Bud 
Jon** R estaurant, u s * sw M in tory, *73*141, oppty In person l l 
U L22S2. 
E x p e rie n c e d Cook do w n tow n. 
E T m m w n lf ^ io o m e w l 

COLLECTIONS 
REPRESENTATIVE 
C ollodions R epresentative post lion open with Mortgage Banking 
Firm Require absolute m inim um of I veer m o itg g g * service tar consum er loon e xp e rien c e So lory open. excellent benefits. Son 
Antoni* based Send resume with salary re q u ire m e n t* to L u m b e r­ m en's In v e s tm e n t C ore . A ttn: 
Personnel Departm ent. P O Box 
44. Austin, T i 71747 

CO TTAG E P oront* Position nor­ m al boys hem * M arried couple 
M a tu re , no c h ild re n 
L lv c -m . 
Good s a la ry 
L ib e ra l benefits 
Start im m ediately R obed Guinn. 
P O 
Box 114o, C o P o rt# . T e x . 

A S S IS T A N T 

A P T . M A N A G E R 

(.oupl* 
No t Enid'rn or 

 pets (leaning and minor maintenance requited l>«e rent (tee pius small salary Tot appointment 
732-2196, 
826-8491 

RETIRED OR 
NUR-RETMD 
NCO OR Pf TTY oWICIRS 
Opportunity lot o mc and tototr os • (duns*Hoc with th* Non 
(ommtsuenod 
Ottntrs 
Assoc! anon Festoons avowable rn tho 
SA A o*1 Aw at eats) Send your nom*, address, and phone aum bet!* 
NCoA SERVICE CENTER 

A l i i I N. to Suit* 45o 
San Antonio, la. 7o2o1 

 tram *, career person, call Cindy 
732-71*1. 7541 West A v* 
I’m looking tor a lob in AN A N I­ 
MAL H O S PITA L OR DOG K E N 
Jobs N pdh, Inc, Plocem t Svc 
I N E L pleas* send inquiries to the a in te n a n c * m on w ith la r g e fL’IS J *** on<l N®w1, A®* N ® **12' 
M a l 
1 a p artm e n t com plex 
P lu m b ing , electrical and heating experience essen tial lo c a l re fe re n c e s re gulfed Apt turn Apply 1)4 Van iaeBgcN i 
Male or ternate I Truck Stop ca­ shier. 49 hr w eek, evening shift and re lie f shift, pe rm an e n t lob. m a tu re, local re fe re n c e * S tart 
5433 *9 m onth, re tire d m ilita ry 
: welcome All Application* to A J. 
I Ploch O il Co 5747 D ie trich Rd 
|4 -$ p m d a ily fa r in te rv ie w . No j phone culls p ilo s e _________ _____ 

Mc*(h o o k needed, with Votkswa gen experience M ust have own toots, com * bv 3)94 Quintana Rd or coll M r G a n g *77 2222 Eves 
- S O U L 

7*7*7 
J e ffe rs o n a r e a o n ly , w o n t 
Wednesday w ork, reliable, ret * 
M ary 733 7444 
M an seeking J anitorial or y ard work Coll 4S$-6**t 

Weeded I gardener and I m ain te n a c g m a n , e x p o n ly . A p p ly 
Wonderlond mom office-_________ 

C o lt a fte r 
435 739* 
NEED PAINTERS. lp m 
P e te B a in . 

Need sharp parson tor xrorehous* w ork. fam iliar with a ttic * proc* 
•lures, shipping, re c e iv in g and fllU nj orders, must be em tniinm ond accurate Coll 224 1422 ask 
IST J ag 
_ _ ..... .......... 

P A R T H M C 
Du* to expansion we have open mg* that must ba tiltod im m edio tole 
No tx g e r ie a c * necessary j s u r n ____________________________ 

M edical Sitter: convalescent, el- der ly . companion 734 4 *4*_______ 
N E E D Apt. or House Cleaning? 
Coll I 44$ 4454 Evenings__________ 
J piece rhythm section wanted tor 
Sunday Jam Sessions 
224 1192., 
727 4)84 
__________________ 
Woman wonts days work on bus 

/OI W IM S COLLECTORS 

53 B E L A IR Sports Coupe, new m otor ond tires, p erfect to r re 
; »*<>tt"E. t v oOJ* ort /pm t*7S Brie kiln oil ready a classic ond a good investment tor S9.S94 
1 Serial 2432 Ford powered and in 
! very good condition. Cont Haritn 
L a m b e r t 
F t 
S to c k to n , i 
VIS 33+3331 or *15 334*411 t*54 Buick 4 door Classic Ow rn o bv L ittle O ld R e tir e d S choo l 
Teacher Who Only Used It To G * 
I 194.9o9 Miles. Goes Forw ard. AN j the 
T im e , 
Iffy in 
R e v e r s * 
I 913 4274. 

RED MAC LEASES 

EDW. (EDDIE) GARZA 

 announces the promotion of 

Edw. (Eddie) Garza to account 

 executive. 
Mr. 
Garza was 

 formerly manager of the west 

 side 
Hemphill-McCombs 
Ford 

 dealership. 
Red 
Mac has all 

 makes and models of new and 

 used cars for sale or lease, in­ 

 cluding new GMC, Ford, Chrysler 

 and the exclusive Rolls Royce. 

Mr. Garza invites all his friends 

 to call him at 222-8611 (ext. 

279) or come by at 1o25 San 

Pedro. 

'4* Chevy 4 di 
•otic gold Mg star 
Pt rest 

 body only Me w point in process 
2 l!» n _ 3 3 i*4 ll_ 

AISI Cond. to m * l* * m to ! . ’ 
5* r v ie * 

. S 
, S 
! S 
!t 

■ iltS X tfiff 
• I * 
. 
T 
'* * * '* * Willing to I a stood* career Future I 
♦ 
John Ham pton *23 41m 
I to u t" P to t* ment iv e tis i e Mi titer y ere WH 

SIN G LE N E E D L E OPERATORS] needed E aper tented only CMT 
C o rp 
227 
L one l i e r 
B lvd r n t m 
______________ 

STOCK CLERK 
P erfo rm m gtertgl boodling tune 
•le n t , s h ip p in g , re c e iv in g a nd I stock control Must have exper 
•once in the gpeve areas E xper ie n re w ith e le c tric a l parts pre tor m d E xperience rn M IL IT A R Y i 
PACK IN G a plus Contort 
Ms Schrol/fS 12)8266385 

M S L S S ifo i'S ? 1' * ! 
...... .. 
S U R V E Y C H A IN M A N 
E x p e rie n c e d e sire d , sm all con­ sulting Arm COH 92* ^ 5 * 

• W AITER S/ 
WAITRESSES 
• BUS HELP 
P U a s * apply its person 
Turtle C reek 
C ountry Club to C.J. M anning po rt tim * em p lo y m e n t 

 fo e e x p e r i e n c e d p e r io n is e 1 3 * 3 o P a r k d a le 

 n o r th w e s t lo c a tio n 
•OM* opportunity em ployer 

W A IT R E S S E S 

* l l p.m.-/ a rn. shift 

* Good compony benefits 

A pp ly m p o tio n a t 

B U N N Y 'S 
ASSOIN IO WIST 
696-53o2 

[ ^RAiNEBonaght w en !\ NA £ * “ 
{w e e k , sam e i i s i n i l i y * o to ffe e , net necessary. g s J l ' L person, hilly R's ssg is, ■* 
- 
(it Jones Montour ox, sr a 
141# 

H irin g im m ediately m ixed drink b a rte n d e r*** ga y shirt, opoiy in p arson P u n n y * 1’7 o N M om 
Hostel* o n d f xperieneed Dinner haute w o ilre st wonted apply in person from $ urn 7 pm ol to* E 
C o m m e rce , th e Stockm an R e* tour ant 

MATURE WAITRESS 
7 397 Austin Hwy ASS «i«2 
MW 
O U N o F r B AK S in N o rth 
Star M o ll h o * perm anent run lim e c a sh ie r p o sitio n o p e n in g w hich 
M y o ly e t counter w ork 
A pply in m r*® !!----------------------------------------------- 
N ig h t B a r te n d e r fe m a le p re 
•e rre d , p o rt tim * c o ck ta il wot tre ss 
O x t a il Lo u n g e a t S tar i 'es) Loop 41o apply rn person 

MISHT WAITRESS 
MGH! IXP CASHIN 

S U H i i ” n — l ’ - g 1--------------------- 
PMT TINK BUSBOY 
. . . . m . n u y r n iq e 
P A R T T IM E W A I T R E S S oppty in person M o m 3pm or 4 lp m Gol den P o l a r * R e s ta u r a n t I I H 
Bd m s u 
- — 
. 
P R O F E 5 S IG N A L 
W A I T i BS wonted, up to SSS* o -# # k , Crystal h o k in g C o m p o n y |j*..t?71------------ 
Relocating ie Houston 7 T ra in in 
San A ntonio w ork in Houston 
Full responsibilities to r otTiC* in tora* restaurant Attention to de tail, accuracy and pleosont tole phene pci tonality essential Must 
o* bondable send resume to Ex p r et t_ New * Box <474 717*7 
South 
T e x a s " C o u n try 
C lub m a n a g e rs p o s itio n a v a ila b le 
P rier exp e rien c e w ith toad set vice n e c e s s a ry 
S a la ry open refer enc os 
Uvalde. Texas 78861 
^ ar cert I 278 5o14 at Lawn 
NORI os* A «N v rn per son Hungry 
______ 
Form #. Steak nouse 4SJS Rigsby 

DELIVERY DRIVERS 
No comm UC Need 3 to work now1 
JoAnn 824 o777 Job Placem ent* 
Em ploym ent Ser S it* Son Pedro 
O F I IVE RY 49 hour week. $7 JO an h r, lo m itig r w ith Southside, m ust hove ow n tra n s p o rta tio n and lia b ility insu rance P lease rail *74 12o9 or apply at 1729 SW 
I w tb m n O r. 
I 
D E L IV E R Y M A N . D e pendable, ton tim e must n a y* economical car and know W att. North West stoa at town Coil 839-3411 tor in te r v ie w 
M e n d g y -F r id g y , 
I few p-llhRge. 
I 

•DRIVE CARS* 
Age l l up! Goad driving record! 
Gloria 174 *127 Job Placements 

 t a i t t y s a g i i g M k r u n 

E V E N I N G S 

P A R T T I M E 

E A R N E X T R A 
Ar Quick Pick. ut 7117 Son Pedro, i S tokin g e n d c o ih ig r ln g , wa lt train, apply In parseri 

B K B C U T I V * needs p a rt tim e m e m o # qsstotonl 87* 4o74 
K ip counter hole. N S location ktora ae Ctoaeers - 911-4911 
E X P E R IE N C E D V A R O M A N witfc know ledge et planting and c atin g tor live plants and y ard 
Apply loam 17 neon H iilt.de M an or 111# G aul! Lane 419-9464 (non smokers only) 

Nee# 
2 
Truck 
Stef 
At­ tendants Service 
Men. n ifki shift, 
5 de* week, mature, willing worker, permanent 
,ob 
Texaco 
Truck (eater-Ga* end let 
Track G a* Mort $66o mon th AU Apakteftont to A.J. 
Fleck OII I e . S747 Dietrich 
Bd 
4 5pm daily far in­ terview 
No phone 
(ells pease 

E xperienced Florist, p a rt lim e, 
B 
L I T 
“ 
! Exeerionced nursery m on, excel lent kenefll*. apply in person ai 
F e d m a rl. le e # 418 and V ance jfcktee_____ 
E X P E R IE N C E D M A SSEUSE 
__________734-6411 
________ 
Pi AC I ro u e WANI AO 
IN IHI tx e e tJ. M IW * 
CAIL JJS in n * 

EXI PBrtei^Mimtenance 
Combination needed now 
o Kneni fleer Covering 
3 o o S *P e fre 

FASHION MINDED7 
P ert tim * careers tar housewives 
All you need it 4 hours, 4 days or 4 evening* a week tor 9 shows F roo w ard ro b e + p ro m C o r n e e ** s p ry l i b . In te r e s te d r C o ll m w 
__________________________ 
FASHION TWO TWENTY 
Cosm etics p o rt tim e a v a ila b le 
M ature women only Call 144 19*1 
F IL M 'N PHO TO 
Is accreting oppiicotiom tor hon 
Pedro, M orton tv West Commerce and Jon Pedro N orth location* 
M usi be High School graduate 
Wbrk rote ting shirts * am I pm. J j pm / pm . 84f-ll>9 

FINANCE COMPANY 
F toto Representatives Credit and appraisals, goad sa ie ry + ro r al towgnca Cor necessary Retired mtfltery accepted Coll M r Willis 
FIE-F ill 
F IR E P L A C E W O O D C U T T E R S with sews needed. 4*4 175* 

 fu ll OR PART TIME 

S7S FL* F E R W EEK 

CHC 341 22o5 

PART TIME 
Retail liquor chain has im m ediate p o rt tim e openings in s e v e ra l northside steres % m * retail ex perienc* helpful, net necessarily 
I liq u o r. M u s t be n e a t a nd w all groom ed 
P o ly g ra p h e x a m re- 
I Quired AU company benefits Ap 
5V in person *993 W est Ave at lop 419. o*h to r W ayne W yatt 
Person Ie cast c e ra m ic m olds, e x p e rie n c e p r e fe r r e d but not necessary Full tim e work, salary based en esp Call Tem 34* 7393 
I to r interview 
Person with a flair interested in interior design m ay find interest 
•na opportunity with us. P ort tim * and ar fuM time Call 34* 42o1 
P IC K A N D S H O V E L L A B O R . 
Gibson Plum bing cell otter 4pm 
441 4741__________________________ 

PROOF CONSULTANT 
Want m ature, hard w orking mdi vidu al N eat a p p e a ra n c e , m ust meet people men Ince n tive pion, 
49 hour w eek, 3 evenings Olan 
MIW* P ortrait Studio 834+175 tor 
SSBI________________ ___ _________ 
RANCH H A N D N E E D E D 
M O O RE, TX I 474 4499 

'47 Chevy J dear. Rebuilt engine transm ission, brakes, and front end ports New battery end front tires M UST 8 E L D 928 1*75 
43 C H E V Y NOVA SS Convertible m s * x ? ± x > 2 *. m i n 
* 
$o Chevy P icked S w indow , ex cellent condition See ta e ppre 
Clote >969 44* 1775 otter lp m 

MAZDA GLO 
"THI ALL NEW PISTON ENGINE 
CAR FROM MAZDA. . 

AVAUAIlt IN 
• 4 SMID TRANSMISSION 

• S SPUD TRANSMISSION 
• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 

(S SPUD TRANSMISSION 
IPS RATINGS ) 
4 5 HW Y. 
3 5 CITY 

I WITH I I M CC PISTON (MENU) 

(JUST TUT ONVI 8T 

SA Mph AMO IUTIX) 

(MAZDA INGtNURID THI GIC TO I i QUILTER THAN MANY OTHER UTHE CARS) 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1 356 

C la s s ic 
I * SO 
C h a y 
D e tu x e 
I owner, original Best otter Call 
____ _ 

 i Y J'S T S 'iS .w ^*" j K V i Till -R iiiqmis COH IC ions 
Classic 44 Corvette R oods)*r 
E X P E N S IV E I 344 1o74. 34* 1947 
1*47 D A IM L E R 8. Hooper swept toil lim e. with side m ounts Mo derote restoration reg 54799 Also 
1*34 L in c o ln K, 7 door sedan. 
(coupe desigenalionI total rester 
Olton req 4379o. Colt W rite GUS 
ZAK. BOX 5247. CORPUS CH R IS 
TI. TX 7949$ 

1**4 R O LLS RO YCE SC III O r. am al Mack ever burgundy Full power, a ir, radio, heater, o4.9o4 original m iles Complete Service 
Ihlsiory No rust, no parking tot 

 i* $ l Dodge 4 c * l., runs good I 
$499 O riginal t i l ne tt 
De It Your sell Hotrod K it 
1*11 
Ford Sedan body. tra m *, doors, tenders JJ7 eng and Ir a n *. 4" dropped o xl* 411 Fora rear end m isc e x tra ports 9719 ar best otter ♦** 9454 

 dents! Superb exam ple el Classic 
Rolls, including com plete Rolls 
T o u rin g K H , tool k it in tru n k , owner's m anual O ver 49 brand new spore parts in original bong*. 
523.599 including ports M cAllen. 
Tx 
I 417 4197 days, I 492 7999 

/ n m 
- l e n t jim s t m ; s u n :-, 

'A Y E YOUR OLO C A R ^ H 

RELIEF DESK CLERX i l l Sat Sun. o x p e rig n c td only. 
Apply In person 
RAM/LDAWN 
IIJ I Austin Hwy 
R e tired person tor public re td wark an th * telephone M u tt 

Reliable Sport Car Sery Repair 
W W K M K K K m R obinson! Sport Cars Repair 
S t Edsel. 4 O R onaer. V t. auto 
9343 BRO ADW AY 
174 l i t * ond air Good condition, original — ow ner A sking St OOO iv * O u t 
734 S II* 

 lions have good speaking voice 
- 
Cali 

Bouto do ll vary, know city, cam- pony trains, career position, call 
Sarah 732 J |* |, 2991 West Ave. i S j i **»r1h ln<. . flg jff T * *T ‘ 
R O U tE D R IV E R needed to ser vice flow er stands, 9129 a u r a e teed or commission, 4 days. Call 
»toO ?IV >28««73 714 9*71 
Shah lea distributors, toll or port tim e , v ita m in s a n d food supplements, the healthy way al hto 349+211, 341+7*4 
Skokie* N atural Vitam ins, spare 
'.art em. em ___ 
SHOE SHINE BO Y, pretor elderly o y e r tent rd person, should in autre at S IM B roadw ay or call 
*74 7424__________________________ 
IN tm I lo in s * M W J 
CAH 77$ lone 

 its? E D S E L , in storoye puss I years lilt !* required tor p u lle d 
■ .vfoi orion Body ond m echani ta lly perfect, SHO* ar bast attar. 
I M . lilf ji 
K erry lite (1)9*4 *545 
- - 
!»1* Ford Coupe. J window sire*! rod E .. ellen! 484 4744 +94 7)oo 
JO Ford «dr Sedan, 29*' OMV jjg L JlL & g *SI B l-! °xi®I 
I♦ $4 Fe 
S S I 

K E M M o 

4* A LFA RO M EO SPYDER 
■ i/m i7 r .r iis i 

"TI A od >oo GI 
Auto. a ir. txceilanf 91499 ar best ofter 924-4*9? 

 fo r d P a n e l T r u c k , B ast 

■ 
T M * *.♦$ » *? . 

‘7? Audi 199 U L 4 dr, (actory a ir, auto, now lira s , excellent cand 
52+99 m 3494 IJS 4,>3 

Far Sato a r Trode 
‘SS F o rd to ton 92199 invested 494 I I H otter 
4. 
1*95 HUDSON H O R N E T 
1994 HUOSON WASP 
1*94 HUOSON JB T 
HIL??. El! »,BI 
47 Malibu ChaveUo Bucket soots, mags. good body Rues, but needs engine w ark IJS ! ar bast o tte r 
474 1448 
P a c k a r d 1*54 C lip p e r 
4 d r . e x c e lle n t! 
*1 99 9 
732 )9 9 1 : i l l * ” !___________________________ 
1*74 R 25 Modal T 
F ro m *, run n in e b o a r d * , te n d e r s . C O M 
P l E TB D th*r p e rt* 4914179 

IS 379-1oo6 
I e v e n s A N O M W J 

/BS AMITH 

9*99 
‘79 Austin A m e ric a Classic. *x - ceUeit condition, term s available 
IS IS . C a ll R ic k Hoed a r F r t d 
Bgrgn, 34. S ill 
'71 Austin A m e n e Needs work 
Best altar. 139 9*49 , 341 IM I 
41 A U S T IN H E A l E V 3*94. good m e c h a n ic a l c e n d itia n , 9129* 
739 4.9* Of 434 4*o2 m BMW 

BM W 
72 2991, I ow ner 
9 )4 *9 
114 4919 
_____________________ _ 
Would like to buy BMW with au to m o tic . C o n s id er any m odel 
„J8I M i l 

DREYER SPRING 
REDUCTION SALE 

* 7 6 O L D S Certes*, arnement, en. tuM wan tape deck HU stoertng wheel 
7 6 M A B K ll 4 dee pewe. nearing, reduced lo 
7 4 O ATSUF4 Z 6 o Z 4 
'7 5 P O N T IA C OcendeW. 
. radio til* ste e rin g w h e el. 

 tort pawer, re 
' vinyl tap 
• 4 6 * 5 
•tBBiifig 1 
6 «***«#•# 
QU tom o**4 o4r p a w e r b ra k e r . 
M a r o a re d ie 

 radix reduce to 
• 4 9 9 $ 
4fa. en. A M /FIN pawer, reduce to 
• 9 9 9 9 
7 6 H I L U X Pickup, 4 meed radio, en 
* 3 9 9 9 
7 5 C lin ic A C T 9-spppd. Mr. stores, only 3o.ooo 

* 7 3 O L D S Cutlass, antemetic, en, toll pawer. AM IM m m o 
* 3 9 9 9 
7* W K P ja 'fe X n r r * rt"* 
7 4 D A T S U N FTO ta u p e , amomum en, ra d ix , vinyl to p 
- . ................................................ ................. 
‘7 3 T O Y O T A M a rk H. w e p e n . a n te m e tic, a ir 
* 7 3 ^ O R t f j N j X s x m k , en, pawer Steering, 

*7 3 C H IV Y Imp ate. antemetic, e n , toll 
| 
M er x x 
’6 9 B U IC K to yto rto a n te m e tic, cdr. r e d ie , p a w e r 

'6 5 C H IV Y 
Impede co u p e. 1 -s p e e d , la d le 

• 3 4 9 9 

• 3 3 9 9 
* 1 9 9 9 

• 1 9 9 9 

* 1 3 9 9 

9 9 9 
3 9 9 

* ** * * * * * * ? * 6 P « TO c h o o m m o m * 
^ i i n n i i i i n i i i 

D R E Y E R 

 m 
U m i l H 
T T TT 

3 4 8 3 4 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 -4 4 7 1 

I W l w T C f 1o 
IH I NUMbiS I 
IS 1?$ 1666 
I IDRISS AND N I* 

 all 
'OR TAST RCVJt TS 
•LAC* YOUR WANT AO 
IN IMI I APRI 
NIV ** call 
<666 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ADS 
^ ■ IB C A S SIZE SAVINGS! rn rn 

2 LINES $ BV r 
IO days r n 

NON COMMERCIAL) 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

£ 
726 ■ fO R M S P O tii SCARS 7o2-726 

Your Southside Import Auto 
Supermarket now oilers 
12% 

O F I 

P . O . E . 

WINDOW PRICE 
ON AU 
CUSTOM & 
DELUXE 
RABBITS 

7o2 726 
FoREI6B SPoRT8CABS 7o2-726 - f ORF ISM SPo8TSCA8S 

Check Our 
Discounts on oil other VWs 
San Antonio's Largest VW-Honda Dealer 
MISSION 

V O L K S W A G E N —- H O N D A 

I .'UMI S .E . M ilit a r y D r . 
‘12 L -f> 5 1 ti 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW I USED VOLKSWAGENS 
8 HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
***U S fD C M SPECIALS*** 
12 MONTH OR 12,ooo MMI MfOtAMOL INSUiANCI AVAIL 
ARU ON MOST UUD CARS TROM MOTORS MSURANCf CORR. 

■a 

76 HONDA WAGON CYCC 
‘365o 

7 6 VW BUTLE o w nar. 1 4 ,o o o I 

 w o n. 4 w o o d , A N elf conditioned. 
‘3595 
7 6 PLYMOUTH VOLARE 
6 cylinder. outom atk tra n sm b sio R , a ir co n d itio n e d , 
A M - f M i a a a p ro d to, w h ite ild e w a U i, A NICI C A R 
............ 
76 VW BIETH st# r«o, a ir co n d itio n e d 
*3595 

Y e llo w , 4 vpood, a ir to n d ltlo n o d , S ^ ^ Q Ij 

75 DODGE PICKUP SSI. lo w m ile a g e . | A r Q t 

76 RABBIT ™i.ooopwN. 

G old, V -4 

______ w o o d , ole co n - d itlo n o d . A M /TM . Still in w o e . 
75 SCIROCCO S i 

75 VW BEETLE £tlonid4rodf«TV*od tiro* . . 
74 NGB CONVERTIBLE 
3 4 ,o o o m il# .. 
A co n d itio n e d , 
8 tra ck , 
REALLY CLEA N C A R 
............................ 
Red, 
4 sp e e d , d it io n e d ................ 

‘4o95 
‘2695 

‘3595 
*2295 
74 SUPER BEETLE 
74 SUPER BEETLE a ir co n d itio n e d , tu n r o o f. J A i n r 
1 9 ,o o o m i l * . ............................................................... 
* o 7 3 
74 PINTO W o g o n , 4 tp n n d . ra d io , v a r y c lo o n . ‘175o 
74 PINTO HATCHBACK d o r, a u to m a tic 
A A C trontn- let Ion, a ir co n d itio n o d , ra d io 
I O r J 
73 El CAMINO SS trontm itftion, p o w e r 
H o o fin g . p o w e r b ra k e s, a ir co n d itio n e d . A M /TM . n e w w id e S J Q g i J 

73 NOVaToUPE S T vt a u to m a tic tra n tm ietion , a ir co n d itio n o d , p o w a r { n n n r 
■teeriny, p o w e r b ro k e t , ra d io , b u c k e t te a t* 
A G T J 
73 914 PORSCHE 
5 *pMd ‘4595 
72 DODGE Vt TON PICKUP 
7P5 
Ord tro n tm ittio n , a ir co n d ition o d , r o d lo 
.. . J * »JA 
68 DODGE CORONET SEDAN ZZ*1 v ‘ motic tro n tm ittio n , p o w e r ste e rin g , p o w e r b ro k e t, air co n d itio n e d , ra d io , w b lto 
S O O C tid o w a llt, T tA N S P O k lA T IO N S P E C IA L 
“ “ 
J 

DON'T MISS OUR LOW M IW CAR PRICESI 
I VOLKSWAGEN/ 
HONDA 

13oo S I M ilitary Dr. (Next to Mission Chevrolet) 
GMAC FINANCING 
MKLINSUR4UNCE 
9 2 4 - o 5 I 6 

7o2 726 • Fo8EI6B SPORTSCARS 

MISSION 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
Cost too much to get to work t 

TRY A 
HONDA CIVIC* 
CVCC*5SPEED 

S a n A n to n ip E X P R E S S - N E W S - 

738-743 
AUTOMOBILES 

 m Md*I lime the gas pump starts to pass HO OO. and it's the second lime this week that you've had to fill up. think about the EPA# 54/41 mpg,* and the lowest priced gas you can buy' That's what it could be like it you owned a Honda civic CVCO 
6-Speed Hatchback 
■ This is the mileage champ for 1977 

• to?? Amnf'CRfi Honda Motor Co toe 

See what the world is coming to at . . . 
TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 

95oo SAN PEDRO 

341-1356 

7B8 CORVETTE 
'74 CLEAN Special F e rro n Shark 
Vette T-Top With air, auto. etc. 
SAMO Corol, 128 1253___________ 
•71 Corvette convertible, auto, olr, 
J power steering, brokes, e n ;ellen! co n d itio n . 64.5oo 227-77oo o r 
492 95o4.______________________ 

C O RVETTE. 1971 c o n v e rtib le , 
4 sod., 54 7 5o, otter 553 5883 
49 Corvette. 427 co.'. 4-spd olr. 
AM-EM pcinel top VI9oo 497 2741 
74 Corvette, looded L-48 engii 
14.ooo mi. excellent cond 5o4 
o24 o)41, nltes 491 1222________ 

HONDA CVCO 

Honda is the car and Mission is the plate, lf you wont a fine, comfortable economy tar, Hondo is for you. And the best price ond service is at Mission. Drive out soon. 
•PLUS S2oo FREIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGEST VW-HONDA DEALER 
MISSION 
HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 
13oo S.W. Military Dr. 
924-6516 

CLOCK STOPPING 
SUPER SHOPPING TIME 
-ALAMO TOYOTA- 
HURRY, HURRY, HURRY, We re stopping the 

Clock from Thursday to Saturday and be open 

 to midnight each night, "THAT MEANS WE WILL 

BE DEALING LIKE THERE S NO TOMORROW 
Sporty equipped cor. The racy GT Liftbock 

 comes standard with a 5 speed overdrive 

 transmission. And lots of sporty features at no 

 extra cost. Buy the Celita GT Liftbock now 

 before Clock Stopping Time runs out at mid­ 

 night, Saturday 

* 3 1 1 1 " 
EPA: 47 Miles Per Gal. Hwy.— 3o City 

DELIVERED IN SAN ANTONIO WITH 

THE FOLLOWING STANDARD EQUIPMENT; 

Reclining bucket teat*, adjustable steering tinted jlo u, power due broket, whitewall I petmg. front and rear bumper guards, uses re unleaded gat, reor window defogger 

AU FOR 
ONLY 
* 3 1 1 
o. R. MITCHELL 
DODGE l l 3o BROADWAY 
227-2281 

O F I N f V IN IN G S 

'75 C o rve tte . L o o d e d . C o ll: 
734-4211, day*, 49o-9981 eve*. 
Corvette '74 17,ooo m ile *. excel- lent, 579oo or bes) offer 45A7425 
*47 C O R V E TT E , new e n g in e , transmission. paint, rear end, ra ­ diator. top. windshield, telescopic steering, power windows, chrome heodders. mags. am im No body domooe, 6445o 658-oo22__________ 
•7S Corvette. 4 sad.. fu ll pow er, b u rg u n d y . 
5649o. 
49o-1o1o; i 341-1944. 
______________ j '44 Corvette S tingray, im m a c u ­ late condition 6S99S. 337 7244 
•48 C O R V E TT E T T O P , 327 
14-speed, am tm, air, leather in te r­ ior. needs slight work. 538oo w ill toke trode. 499-o294 
71 Corvette T loo. outo, AM EM stereo oil power 5445o. 227-oo22 
77 Corvette T top. AM FM tope, 
Cruise control, power, otr, power windows, 3SO outo. Plus conven­ ience pkg., tilt wheel. S ilver with red in te rio r. S.ooo m ile s 69ooo 
658-3672______________________ 
77 Orange Velte. Auto., AM FM lope. oil power W alter G eraghty 
I 225-5333 , 684 34o8_______________ 
! WANTED: 73 or 71 Vofte T-lop 
L l? , 4-speed w ith a ll o p tio n s . 
.56-3284 or 452 S9o9 (w ork ■ 

789 DATSUN 
197S BHO DATSUN. 36MPG 

I 73 Datsun 61o. Air. 4 speed. 44.ooo 
I miles. 618oo. 458-o38o____________ 
71 Dotson Auto , 
Cell: 333 7154 good condition 

DATSUN 
BRYSON AUTO CENTER 
143o PAT BOOKER 
UNIVERSAL CITY-858-4271 
. 7o DATSUN STATION WAGON an_________________________»L«L?? 
51175 
1971 Datsun Wogon. 4 speed with a ir, excellent c o n d itio n , te rm s 
' available Call Rick Hood or Fred 
Boron, 34) 5571 
I 7 ) Datsun 24o2 AM FM tape, air, 
4 speed, met. brown, tan in terio r, 
P irelli radials, excellent 484 i i 14 
1*73 Oatsun 74o-2 Blue, w hite in 
: tenor. Air, AM-FM Im m aculate! 
»‘ *2S _ S iL ii2 i 

YQU ASKED FOR IT, YOU GOT IT, TOYOTA 
A L A M O T O Y O T A 
514 N.E. LOOP 4 1 o 
8 2 8 *o 7 3 3 
(Access b o m eke A irp o rt) 

1o% DISCOUNT 
ON ALL NEW 1977 
VOLKSWAGENS IN 
STOCK!! 
INCLUDES: * 
• ALL MODELS • FACTORY INSTALLED 
OPTIONS • FREIGHT & PREP CHARGES 

* Based on w indo w sticker price d e live re d in 
S an 
A nton io. 
Plus 
T a x , Title 
& 
License 
Fees. 

NoRTH1ooP VOLKSWAGEN 
© 
SUBARU & BMW 
4 6 1 3 Ir» d « f» € k ib w f|| Rd 
H I 

Ai* u ti ft«m W undflg.id rn* I -tde fsh »*v< y • ut 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A.M .-9 P.M. 
SEI THE ALL 
NEW *77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r /5o,ooo M ile 
W arranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 
’76 VW BUS outoaietK, ak, redio, one ownoi 
*5895 
75 VW SUPIK 
^ 
’2995 

75 VW RABBIT 
’3188 
’74 VW SUPER s s . .................... >2595 
'74 VW BUS 7-pot tx e y e r, Monde rd, rodio . . . . *3895 
’73 TOYOTA 
...................... ‘2195 
73 VW 
..............‘2495 
’72 VW Sguorebock ................................................JM 795 
72 VW Standard, extra (leon, low mileage 
. . . . *1975 
72 VW BUG 
’68 VW 

1973 DATSUN 74o2. L IK E NEW 
824-9545. 696 8o54 
76 Datsun 28o2 2 + 2, 14,ooo ml. like new, 223 3157, 872 9523 
Datsun 73. 24o-2. 4-spd 
Orange, block interior, good cond 
63995 Will toke trode 4994)294 

‘ 1 5 9 5 
‘ 1 o 5 o extra deem 
............................................ 
O v e r IOO new A used cars in otock 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n s 
^ 

33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 
™ 

7 7 74o2 4 speed, a ir . am tm . tapedeck, extra cle an' Red with while interior 341-35 3 3 5 IO pm 

718 RAT 
C O N V E R T IB L E 
F ia t 
S p o r t1 
Spider, good c o n d itio n , ow ner must sell 61496. AM FM 828 446). 
826 5198. 
74 FIAT 128 SL, I ow ner, low ml oir, 4 speed, am tm. yellow 61895. 
458-8591________ _______________ 
•74 F IA T 174 S P ID E R 1o.ooo m ilts . AM FM ste re o cassette deck, luggage rack, w ire wheels, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
224 5854 days. 828-854o n ig h ts and w it- i£ 22L. 
171 F ia t 124 S p id e r. E x c e lle n t cond . A M -F M r a d io , S-spd. 
Consider P o rtia) tra d e . W ork 
828-138o, Home: 734-3876. D a rryl I 
73 Fiat 124 Sport Coupe A ir. FM 
S t e .no tope. 5-speed 
Tw o new 
Michelm rodiols. R unt perfect? 72 mpg Sport ond Econom y! 62395 
Neophobic 341 4o42 
75 Fiot 124 Spyder Sports Car 
A ir, wire wheels. New M ichelin tires Home: 492 2542 w o rk . Ma i?f fr» Y f if r 
77 FIAT 128 WAGON faoorl .ond ilio r 6595 333 8162 
74 Fiot X U A M -F M cassette. : luggage ra ck 64,54o 474 3494 otter 5 
1976 FIAT K it Red w ith brown interior AM FM radio Only 84oo miles E xcellent c o n d itio n W ill sacrifice 6325o 441-4241 weekdov6 till 6 38________ 
For Sale. 71 Flat 858. runs good plus 1978 Fiat 158 tor party 55o8 
For All Ray or Y e lo n d a Long 
417 7711. Con Be Seen at 7et I Glen 
Foils 

R O D EAST rift 
V O L K S W A G E N ™ 
- 

NO BITTER CAR 
NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY 
1 4 o 2 N E. L o o p 4 1 o 
Q 
O f t 
I O 
H 
I l i l t e t N e ie g d w h e i I d 
O A 
O 
* I A 
V 
I 

711 
75 HONDA Civic Hatchback, w ill toke loon volue 51758 excellent condition. BUI. 828-1388 w o rk , 
811 3332 heme 
Ti Hondo Sedan, excellent c e n * hon 4o MPG 645o 341-9288 ofter 
122_______________ 
712 JAGUAR 
69 Jaguar XKE 4 2 lite r roadster, air, am tm. excellen t condition 
M l 4 
T 
8 
7 
^ 

714 MAZDA 

Sunday March 27 1 9 7 7 

73o-742 im W ) B IU S ~ ~ W ; * ] - AUTOMOBILES 

 i i 

•RIDE-ENGINEERED 

NEW 
1977 M O NARCH 

48 months at $99.82 per month with a down payment of $2oo cash or trade with approved credit. Annual percentage rate 
11.83. Cash price $3995. Deferred payment price 
$4991.36 ex­ cluding tax, title, and license. 

91 

2-door hardtop, 
6-cylinder, 
4-speed overdrive, front disc brakes, vinyl top, whitewall tires and deluxe wheel covers. 
Stk. #87137. 

FULL $ 
PRICE 3995 

1977 COUGAR 

- 8 

2-door hardtop, 3o2 V-8, automatic, power steering, factory oir, style steel wheels, vinyl top. Stk. 37227. 
$5595 
T 

’74 
LINCOLN 

4 -door Town Car, brown, looded, 
# 8 5 o . 
‘4895 

’75 FORD 
LTD 

Green, automatic, 

 looded, 26,ooo miles, # 7 9 9 . 
‘4395 

’76 
CADILLAC 

Sedan Deville, white, every option, # 1 o 5 . 
‘8695 

75 
MARK IV 

Silver leather, moon roof, looded, # 8 1 1 . 
>8695 

’76 
MARK IV 

White, moon roof, 

 imstich option, 
# 9 9 . 
‘1o,25o 

’75 
MARK IV 

Brown, looded, 

# 1 3 6 . 

‘6995 

’ 73 BUICK 

Electra 225, 4- 

 door, blue, like new, # 1 o 4 . 

‘3195 

’74 
OLDS 98 

Silver, 4-door, low 

 mileage, # 1 1 8 . 

‘4195 

'74 BUICK 

Century, 4-door, 

 w h ite, 2o,ooo 

 m iles, # 1 4 7 . 

‘3995 

’74 CAPRI 

Green, V6, oir, 

 like new, # 1 4 4 . 

‘2895 

76 COUGAR 
XR-7 

Blue, 1o,ooo 

 miles, # 1 4 3 . 

‘5495 

7 5 
MONARCH 

Red, automatic, 

 air, # 8 7 . 

‘3995 

’76 
GRANADA 

GHia, silver, 

 loaded, # 1 3 4 . 

‘4695 

'74 CAPRI 

Cream, V6, 

 automatic, air, I* 

# 1 3 8 . 

‘29951 

G ILL E S P IE F O R D 
GRANADA SALE 

LOADED 
NEW ’ 7 7 

G R A N A D A 2 dr 
IN STOCK 

8 4 GRANADAS 
PRICED FROM 

$ 
4 
1 
9 
2 o o u p 

$ 188° ° 
D O W N 
CASH OR TRADE 

Baw X T '* 2! !* 
• » * * '!• *5 

J 55 

SPORTY HARDTOP 
Air Conditioned 
Automatic Transmission 
Steel Belted Whitewalls 
AM-Pushbutton Radio 
Tinted Glass 
25o Cu. In 6 Cylinder 
Power Steering 

CASH PRICE OF $ 4 9 9 8 . o o with $1 88 Down on Approved Credit ss 48 months at $ 1 2 6 .2 6 . 
Annual percentage rate 11.43, Deferred price $ 6 2 4 4 .4 4 . 
State Tax, Licente Excluded. Stock S 4 1 4 9 . 

’3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

Ut CAPRI_____________ 
>* looo oui^TiT^TiT^oeircaaT' j low m tlo t. tra n s fe rre d M ake otter 658 n t | ________ 
74 CAPRI KMM) Air, AM FM, dr luxe in te rio r 4 sud . 26.888 im 
E x c e lle n t cond. '77 lie 12888 
341 1844________________________ 
72 Coen Air. AM FM, 2*o8cc. 4 ry l good cond 51496 494 6234 t i C A P R I. 4 r y l a ir, am tm 
Brown 619)o 6)3 I 486 eve* 

7o7 CAPRI n ckvsT" fu lly eguipeed. a ir 
(and 34 1 69 32 
74 Capri Very law milopge Lux ury in le t tar 
AM FM . 4 speed 
LacvllenI condition 4847611 otter 
5 IO w e e kd a y*, a n y tim e wee 
Mmm 
74 CAPRI V4. standard AM EM I tro (k, sum trot 349 8314 ar offer 5 
‘ll 1 »U* ll im hi,— I 
CAU 225 16o6 

COME AND TEST DRIVE THE NEW RABBIT 
DIESEL AND COMPARE WITH OUR GAS 
POWERED RABBIT. 
1o% OFF 
1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS. 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY 

J RAUH *17o1 

P R icit 
.......................* 3 4 9 9 * 
S A V I...................................... 
Om s opt rn. ludo O k x l or Ilm ira* I Ult (un Caro 

2311 Broadway — 227*141 S 

'7o MAVfllCK 2 door 
............................*1495 

'7o FAICON future, 4 d o o r......................... ‘ 1o95 

7 2 VOLKSWAGEN Bus ............................................*2295 

7 4 CHEVROLET Impala Wogon...........7 9 9 5 

7 4 FINTO Squire StoTion Wogon 
‘2495 

7 5 AMC Motodof Station Wogon 
‘3195 

7 5 ITO Country Squire................................. ‘3995 

7 b MAVERICK 4 d o o r................................. *3995 

7 6 HONDA 
CYCC, 2 d o o r............................*2895 

7 5 MAVERICK 4 d o o r................................‘2995 

7 5 GRANADA 2 d o o r................................*3895 

7 4 MUSTANG ll 
2 door.............................. ‘2795 

7 4 CAPRI 2 door............................................*2495 

7 5 VoIKSWAGEN 
Rabbit, 4 door 
*3o95 

7 3 CAPRI 2 door........................................... M675 

7 2 CADILLAC Sedan Oe Ville, 4 d o o r.... *2275 

2755 S.W. M ilitary Drive - 
92 3-4541 

7 3 WRD IID, 2 door hardtop....................‘2295 

67 MUSTANG Hardtop............................... ‘ 1195 

7 3 CHRYSLER Newport, 2 door hardtop.. H69S 

 im Nr,Mmk IO CAU 
16 226 1o4o 
I te e n s ANI) NI WC 6 

 t i . I ' 
AAT t . in tn t ixe e tss N tw s 
CAU 716 1oo6 

o4 M aido 
7 cyl. runs, 61 SO 436 9298________ 
1975 M A2D A P IC K U P . R o ta ry engine, Leaded, dosh a ir. white, ' mags, lock cp m p a rtm e n t Roof 
CV m ount, om Im r a d io ta p e deck, new lifts . tog llte t 63)88 
666 8161494 5873 Qv# 6__________ 
*72 M oido R X I Coupe, 4 speed. ! 
AM FM stere o, a ir , M ic h e lm I ro d io ls, show ro o m c o n d itio n , , 
51,558 72 7 7 7o8 or 492 9 5o6_______ 
•72 Murdo RX I New engine. 48oo mi w arranty 4 d r,, o ir, 4 ta d , I vinyl tool I ' W JAS 4346 

 m m t a a u m i 
74 WOO m etallic re T ta n T h T war-1 ru n ty , lo o d e d . 
811.888. li e f ly ItfQ <8 JOA 
___________ a ML RC I D IS B IN Z 758. good co n d itio n , needs p a in t 61995 
J2UI2Z____________________________ J 
1948 Mercedes Diesel, 4 door, up lo 33 miles per gallon, a ir, $2895. mar be teen at 441) Broadway 
4V MERCEDES 28o Se 
Fuel Infected, p a w e r ste e rin g . \ brakes, w indow s, am Im , o lr 
***• “ T U B ___________________ j 
73 MERCEDES 458 SL 
I 
S ilv e r, b la c k le a th e r, a lle y l i i i t i t f m r • x . .. ,*o 
78 Morcebes w ith 288 8 L A ir, 788 IE L 8 5. 11.388 m .les, m in t, convertible, h a rd to p e x c e lle n t tv lo t firm F»*‘,tl" 2>_ 
?81a cond Best o fte r e v e r 611,o8o 
. . . 
. . . 
494 1718_ _ _ _ 
ML MC 
I 
M I88IDN C ITV IMPORTS ■” 
------------------------------ 
MERCEDES BENZ 
S oiri Service 
3818 SAN PEDRO ___ 

7 3 TOYOTA Corona Station Wagon .... ‘ 1195 

'68 FORD F-IOO Pickup.........................................‘ ASO 

'69 FALCON futuro Station Wagon 
.*1o95 

7 3 PONTIAC loMans, 2 door hardtop.. . ‘2495 

7 6 GRANADA Ghio, 4 door..............................‘4495 

49 FORD 4 do o r ........................................................‘ 1695 

7 5 BUICK Electro 22S, Limited, 4 dr hoidtoii ‘4995 

2o14 Goliad Road — 333-672o 

7 7 FORD f-ISO Pickup, 6 standard 
‘4495 

7 6 FORD 
Granoda Chia, 4 d o o r........ *5195 

7 6 FORD 
Pinto, 2 door, automatic 
. . . . *3o95 

7 5 TORO 
Maverick, 2 door, 6 automatic ‘3295 

7 5 MUSTANG Ghio, 2-door, 8 automatic ‘4595 

7 4 OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Supreme, 2 door *3995 

‘67 FORD fairlane SOO, 4-door, 8 outomat« *1295 

7 3 VOLKSWAGEN Campmobtle, pop top ‘3895 

7 6 PONTIAC Trans AM, 4 speed..................‘5495 

32 TORO 
Coupe, V S, 4 speed...........................*5995 

1722 Austin Highway - 
826-3287 

7 3 OLDSMOBILE Cohow Supt4my, 2 dr herdtop *265o 

7 2 PONTIAC Catalina, 4 door........................ * 895 

7 4 FORD Bongar Pick u p ............................‘3365 

7 6G M C Vc ton Pickup.................... . 
. . .‘5925 

7 2 MUSTANG fastback.................. . . . . ‘ 192o 

7 4 CHEVROLET Impolo, 4 door . . . . . . . * 2 7 8 1 

73 WRD 
LTD, 4 door....................... . . . . ‘2427 

7 5 ELITE 
2 door hardtop 
. . . . '4o68 

7 2 FORD 
Gran Torino, 4 door . . . 
. 
. . . ‘ 1893 

7 3 OLDSMOBILEH8 Delta 8oyol», I dooi hardtop‘2193 

TRUCK & JEEP DEPT. 

2411 Broadway - 
227-1419 

' 6 6 EORD '/■ ten IWB Flump 6 automatic, radio ‘ 797 
■ is m o n VY Ion LUI. Custom Full up, 8, outomotn___ lodio, on 
............... 
2418 

7 4 FORD I JOO Co19o Von, 8 , standard. iod* .. 
‘3486 

7 4 WRD 
,3 4 ° 13 h 
^ * • 4 mr. pewtf steeling ...... 
3891 
• et m a n VY ton, SWI. Ftikup, with oneihtod 
7 5 ,o * D comp... 8 .automatic^ oh......................‘4319 
(heiokH 2 dr, ♦ wheel dune, 8, aute 

1, powei............... 
.......... ’3928 
F IOO Vi Ion, 1888, Fickup, 8, stondoid, 
, tope stripes 
.................. ‘31o6 

7 6 TORO t IM Yupe* Cob. 8, stondoid iod>a . . . ‘3997 
•TA m a n f - ISO loniai VY ton, 1818 Ftckop, 8, stondoid. lodto, ox, told dtiui* shell,. 14879 

7 4 JEEP 

7 4 TORO 

I “ YOU CAN AFFORD A FORD FROM OILLiSPIi” jj 
GILLESPIE® 

23oo Broodway • 227-141 I 
2311 Broadway • 22 7 -1 4 1$ 
2411 Broadway • 2 2 7-1 4 1 9 
2739 S.W. Military • 923-4941 
2o14 Goliad Road • 3 3 3 -6 7 2o 
1722 Awa Hts Hwy. • 82 6-3 2 8 7 

Iii K T O S B W 
S 
B 
T 
B 

24 Austin M arino Sedan. M O B engine, 4 door, 4 speed, econo m i iu . ) M j col. AM FM, dean. sloes or b o tt otter 414 6111 
___ _ 

; 
44 MOE GT 
}*91 Coll 544 H?4 
MCB GT 74. Whitt. W irt W h tti*. 
AM FM Radio Io n V tlo u r In t 
2* OOO rn, S4»o 451o454 

Sacrifice '41 MOB In overall t i ro tte n ! co n d itio n M oke o tte r 
'36 lese evenings 

71/ OHI 
IS MG Mideel excellent condition 
5)15o A tlyr 4 em 452 12/5 
; 72 Opel 2 hr hardtop Auto , air, 
■ 41,8*o m iles. V ery nice. 61295 
7)2 442) txneiss and M w ) 

 r n - W L 

H H ® . 
2o OPEL GT 
4?S OIH 

718 PORSCH!_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
NORTHWOOD FOR SC HL AUL 

U H L 

 l l OFI L GI SPORT 
- U H L E 
;s O P E L G T S P O R T W A G O N . arr. A M FM. 51*95 IU 4 IS7 
'77 Opel Wagon Auto air. 14.o8o miles 6 1 4 5 o Consider trade 
484 1111. 

17)4 N E LOOP 41o 
814 lilt_________ 
•77 PORSCHE lie 
A M F M 6278o, ell o 1 4 1 ___ 

1175 Porsche Cerrero Targi, ti) 588 75.o8o miles 444 5441___ 

CAU 775 1*46 

CHEVROLET 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 2 7 1 9 7 7 73o-743-ABToMo8IIES 
73o 743-AQToMo811ES 
73o-743-ITOOBItfS 

SPRING 
SPECIAL 
77 FLEETSIDE 
PICK-UPS 
77 BLAZER 

4 wheel drive, 4 o o V 8 engine, Cheyenne equipment, air, turbo hydramatic, 31 gallon fuel tank, fuel tank skid plates, comfort tilt steering wheel, power steering, 
A M FM, special 2 tone paint, m ahogany and frost white, red custom A v in y l interior. and more. - 7 7 5 3 5 5 r n * 

Brand new, automatic, A M radio, rear step bumper, side pipes, E 7 o *1 4 , steel spoke wheels, 

 c u s t o m trick 
K T paint. 
6 5 5 3 7 . 
4 5 4 engine, turbo hydramatic, heavy duty chassis, burns regular gas, air, power steering, style wheels, 
A M /PM stereo with 8 track, power windows, power door locks, exterior decor, paint plan, speed and cruise control and more. TX 7 7 5 3 8 2 . 

4 54 V S engine, burns regular gas, heavy duty chassis, turbo hydramatic, power steering, air, power windows, pourer door locks, steel belted radial tires, 
_ 
Tzzzr™ 
$62oo 
Air, automatic transmission, white stripe tires, A M rodio, chrome bumper guards, rear step bumper, exterior decor package, 
Mikado custom interior, sky blue exterior, blue cloth interior, color grille guard. 
~ 65 67 o. list price 

$ 4 8 9 3 35. 
^ 
T F K x . y o u r p r ic e w rn 9 

3 5o , V S, turbo, oir, power steering, A M PM radio, sliding rear window, custom vinyl interior, carpeting, camper spec tai, many other op 
$ 
V 
O 
A j 
•ions. it 7717o 
# 
I 
V 
V 
3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic, heavy duty chassis, burns regular gas, air, power steering, rally wheels, 
A M FM, stereo rodio, power windows, power door locks, tool box and more, a jb f ami am mm sr 775261 

3 5 o V 8 engine, 4 speed transmission, air 

 p o w e r steering, power brakes, A M radio, I o inch tires and more. 
^ 
= 77 55 11 
’77 SILVERADO Vt TON 

4 54 engine, V 8, turbo hydromotic, air, locking dif fe'entrol, power steering, heavy duty power brokes, auditory tanks, A M / F M , mony other options 
^ E 
7 7 5 o 3 1 
O 
# 
J C £ > 

77 CHEVROLET SPORT 
SPECIAL EDITION 
3 o 5 V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power steering, air, A M radio, vinyl roof, mony other options. a 
* 7 7 5 3 8 4 
> E /I 7 JC 
Heavy-duty chassis, burns regular gas, 3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo hydramatir, ait, auxiliary fuel tanks, power steering, style wheels, power w indow s and door locks, 178 x1 5 W s , solid blot k, mony other 
S A 
L 
J E 

 options » 7 7 5 2 o 7 . 
W 
A i A 
W 
77 EL C A M IN O 
CONQUISTA air, whitewalls, M akado interior, exterior decor, crimson red color, A M / F M stereo 
8-track, wide tires, steel wheels, side pipes, much more. C A M MNM BM O M M 
~ 6 5 4 7 2 

3 5 o V S engine, air, power windows, power door locks, cruise control, power steering, 
A M FM radio, rally wheels, orange metallic in color, many other o p ­ tions. 4? 7 7 5 o 4 4 . 

3o5 , V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power steering, power brakes, air, A M radio, 
_ many more extras 
$ J C I 

* 7 7 5 3 5 o 
9 v 
7 
V 
77 CARGO V A N 
3 5 o V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic, power brakes, power steering, air, steel belted tires, special two tone paint, many other 

= 7 7 5 4 o 4 

OPEN 
UNTIL 
9 P.M. 

DUF TO SMITH’S MATURI 
PRICING POLICY, AU PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTINATION 
CHARGE 
AND 
DUHR 
PREPARATION! 

’77 MALIBU’S 
LARGE INVENTORY TO 
SELECT FROM 
MUST SELL - M A N Y 
COLOR CHOICES 
SEE US BEFORE YOU BUY 
STARTING AS 
LO W AS 

’77 CAPRICE 
CLASSIC WAGON 
’77 
CAMARON 

G O OD SELECTION 

PRICES STARTING 
AS LO W AS 

2 seats, power door locks, tinted glass, power win dows, on conditioned, remote control outside mirror, cruise control, 3 5 o V 8 engine, comfort tilt steering wheel, radio) white wall tires, digital dock, A M FM stereo with tape deck, bumper guards and rub stripes, roof corner, auxiliary lighting, doth bench seats, deluxe seats and shoulder belts, dork blue $ A L A K L 
T P metallic finish, **7 7 1 o 3 1 . 
M 

4-door sedan, soft-ray tinted glass, roof drip moldings, four-season air conditioning, 3 o 5 
2 -borrel 
V-8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, rodiai white stripe tires, wind­ shield antenna, value appearance group, 
« 77 1 o 2 6 . 

Soft-ray tinted glass, power tollgate lock, color keyed floor mots, bool and teat, root dip moldings, door edge guords, four seoson air conditioning, 
(emote control mirror, 3 5 o 4 bare! V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, power brokes, comhyr tilt steering wheel, radial white Stripe tires, windshield antenna. root carrier, value appearance group 
$ JE 
W 
* 7 7 o 9 3 2 
M 
M 
M 
77 CAPRICE CLASSIC 
2-DOOR COUPE 
’77 NOVA’S 
GOOD SELECTION 
M A N Y TO CHOOSE 
FROM 
STARTING AS LO W 
AS 

Power door locks, tinted glass, power windows, bodystde moldings, air conditioning, remote control mirror, cruise control, 
3 5 o 
- 
4 barrel, 
V-8 engine, automatic transmission, tilt wheel, radial whitewalls, windshield a n ­ tenna. sr 7 7 o 9 8 8 

’77 M ALIBU 
CLASSIC 
2-SEAT STATION WAGON 

Poeer tollgate release, sob ray tinted glass, b o d y side moldings, lour season ow conditioning, remote control mirror, 
3 5 o 4 borrel V 8 engine, turbo hydramottc transmission, full wheel covers, steel-belle d radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, roo! carrier, blue vinyl not 

 chbuck bench, dork blue 
$ JE JML. j P gf metallic * 77 1o84 
« # "V Am M 

7 7 CAPRICE CLASSIC 
4-D O O R SEDAN 

Color keyed seat belts, power door lock system, soft ray tinted gloss, color keyed Wool mots, front and rear, body side moldings, door edge guards, four season ow conditioning, remote control mir­ ror, custom two tone point, cruise master speed control, 3 5 o 4 barr el, V 8 engine, turbo hydramatic transmission, radial while stripe tires, A M radio, rear seat speaker, bumper guards, vinyl roof cover. 
» 7 7 1 o 9 5 

1221 B R O A D W A Y 
TRUCK MALL 
1121 B R O A D W A Y 
• THE OHLY ENCLOSED TRUCK MALI IN THE SOUTHWEST 
223-4281 

CONVENIENTLY 
D O W N TO W N 

EXPRESS 
- 
NE WS BONUS ADS 
2 LINES 
IO DAYS 
Im 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
C A N C E L L A B L E 
W IT H O U T 
R A T E C H A N G E 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
Q U ICK RCSULTSI 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

 au&xar -.'» ♦.» 
9 7 7 FI 5 o EXPLORER 
PICK UP 
______ 

E X P L O R E R P A C K A G E “ C ” 
; | , 9 / 6 F I Q Q R A N G E R X I T 
LOADED 

S P E C IA L — 
.6586- 
* 5 3 3 6 » o 

 ll 
' 
. . 
" « > * " • > 

• s 
' 
X 
V 
\ v 

 f 
LIST PRICE 
/ i t r o ^ o o 
^ 

*» w k . k u i m a d O U T 
L O A D E D 

3 8 2 5 oo 

LIST PRICE e s4456oo 
* 

 i f 
1 '' 
S T O C K # 5 7 4 7 

>* I'*?, t S' b 

E ( | b > - 
L A R G E 
S E L E C T I O N O F 
U 
S E D C A R S 

1 
---------------------------------------- & A ..4 u w 
" 

2 2 7 * o o 6 o 
B O E R N E .T E X AS 

153 South i*w m s t 

T R U C K H E A D O U A R T E R S F O R T H E H I L L 
C O O H T R Y 
2o HOUR SALE $ 
8 A.M. SATURDAY — 8 P.M. M O N D A Y 
HURRY WHILE THEY LAST 
(DEALERS W ELCOME, B R IN G YO U R TAX NO .) 
REMEMBER, IF YO U D O N ’T BUY 
YO U R 
CAR 
FRO M TINDALL & 
SO N PONTIAC, Y O U ’LL PAY TOO 
M UCH 

12 M O N T H S O R 12 ,o oo M IL IS 
M E C H A N IC A L IN S U R A N C E C O V E R A G E 
A V A ILA B LE O N M O S T 

SPECIAL (3 W EEKS O L D )---------- r*pa « * 
Royale 4-door Hilly loaded AM EM stereo, 
// DELTA ^trulir control, til* wheel driven only ' 
(5 2 8 8 
SPECIAL 
. . . a k a 
I r Convortible. Hilly loaded, AM/EM 
7 4 G R A N D V IL L E -uh *«». pow.. wind... ..... teats, trait# control, tilt wheel, |wtf Ilk* new 
JUST 

OTHER B A R G A IN S loaded, drive* perfect 

JUST 
.. JUST low mileage, 
(wily loaded. 

7 2 M O N T E C A R L O jus* 
*72 C H E V Y s^fbcii, *iv«i 
’7o D O D G E Window Von ..cation' condition 
, . . . . . . . 2-door hardtop, My loaded 
’7o L E M A N S rn., ne. .. jJst 
Supreme 
4-door hardtop 
7 2 C U T L A S S J* ooo m,i., just 
I .pi. it, telly loaded, driven only 16 ooo milat. 
’73 F IR E B IR D t£.p.» » .ny kist 
’73 C A T A L IN A 4-door. fully loaded, like new 
. . . JUST 
. _ _ _ . . - w fully loaded, thowroem condition ... 
’73 G R A N D P R IX m f 
, Safari Station Wo9on V patteayer, fully 
*73 C A T A L IN A loaded drtvon only 44.ooo mile. 
JUST 
Ile.Ira ll5, « door hardtop, tally loaded .ecol- 
’ 73 B U IC K ten! condition . 
JUST 
^ fully looded AM IM tteree with tape 
73 T O R O N A D O power window*, pawer 
*teerinp, tilt wheel *ru**e control, e meekert *hape . . JUST 
_ ir 
Cutlass Supreme. Hilly loaded 
. . . 
ZI 
> — w e . « . — » 
’74 B U IC K just 
1-do.r hardtop. Tally loaded, driven 
’74 G R A N T O R IN O a-iy i* ooo ~.i.. just 

‘ 1 5 8 8 
*1 8 8 8 
‘ 1 5 8 8 
*1 4 8 8 
*2 1 8 8 
*3 4 8 8 
*1 8 8 8 
‘2 9 8 8 
*2 1 8 8 
*2 4 8 8 

*2 3 8 8 
*2 6 8 8 
*3 8 8 8 
*2 4 8 8 tally loaded AM TM tteree. 16.ooo actual . . . „ „ 
...Just 
*41 o d 

4-door, fully loodod 6-cylinder Uh. n 
. . . JU*! loaded, showroom condition 
’7 5 G R A N A D A 
’7 5 G R A N D P R IX 
’75 L E M A N S Sport Compo, fully leaded, like new 
Clactic, / door hor its. p 
’7 5 C A P R IC E 
^ 
____ wheel, AM/EM tterea, *Harpe»t in city . , . JU! 
*76 G R A N D P R IX driven only mi: 

JUST fully looded, pow er p o w e r steering, cruise control, tilt 
JUST 
Heel*, vin^l tap, 

4 4 8 8 

*3 5 8 8 
*4 4 8 8 
*3 6 8 8 

 m ilot i- c . . . t i . . . Ohio Sport Caupo, lolly loodod, driven only 
76 G R A N A D A ISCOcT milos, AM/TM na,ae Jiory.It in city . . . JUST 

’7 4 R IV IE R A mile * 
. - . - * . IAI « 
4-door, fully looded AM^fM stereo, driven 
7 4 C A T A L IN A only 2+,OOO miles like new . . . JUST 
. . . 
Custom, 4-door, fully looded, showroom condition 
’7 4 F O R D just 
_ 4-door, tally loodod AM IM ttoroa. cruteo control 
7 5 LTD lo. rn Hoop., tho.room condition . JUST 
4-door. Tully loodod. AM CFM ttoroa. irene 
7 5 C A T A L IN A control, Ut no. 
JUST 
. . a e , it it 4-door, lolly loodod. high mileage Sat 
’7 5 C A T A L IN A pottavi .andftion 
JUST* 
, _ _ , » k UA 
Bollyo 4*o-1 lolly loodod. AM/TM, tho. 
’7 5 C A M A R O room condition . JUST 
’7 5 O L D S M O B IL E *!*Sc“ 2 
’7 5 G R A N D V IL L E low 
'7 5 M A R K IV 

’7 6 M O N T E C A R L O Sui* 
°"d wh'’* 
’7 6 G R A N D P R IX loch c. cotta control. Kit whool. drwon only 1,ooo milot, olmott no. . . JUST Cotta ct Supreme kronor, .agon tally loaded AM/TM tToroe with loot, crwite driven only 1o,ooo milot . . . JUST 
• e-t lei .we Supremo I door hardtop Tully loodod backet 
76 CUTLASS toot. drtvon only 14.ooo milot . . . JUST 
• mw . . . . 4OUM Vt ton Pickup, radio, hooter power Hooting. 
73 FORD (-cylinder, low rn do ego. Ult a no. . . . JUST r u r v r c it ir Sapor Ct ton kickup. Tully loodod. drtvon 
7 3 C H E Y E N N E only 4o.ooo mUat ,. JUST 
. rrtn n Sopor Cob > Ton kickup, radio one 

'7 6 O L D S M O B IL E control, kigpoae rack. 

 niluage, showroom condition . , JUST fuHy looded. leather seats room condition 
JUST 

 pawer 

AM/EM 

*3 2 8 8 
*2 3 8 8 
*3 8 8 8 
*3 4 8 8 
*2 5 8 8 
*4 4 8 8 
*4 1 8 8 

*4 6 8 8 
*7 7 8 8 

 nan m ■.dA||m. 
9V|F«T vu» j Yon rn«up ruHiu and heater, power d 
*f#*uvy **w*' brake*, fair, • cylinder 
•■salient 

1 oop a* d*i ir s # w 
Coelom bendee Vs tan Pickup, fully loaded, 33o 
7 3 CHE V Y engme driven only 32,ooo mile* 
. 
JUST 
■ y r CII u c n c n A 
Vl Ton kickup, Tully loodod. thowroem 
75 SILVI RADO <ar.drt.or. 
JUST t — m — k t n 3 * I, 4-door. H Ion Pickup. Tully loodod, trull. 
75 G M C control, dual tank*. 4S4 angina driven only 14.ooo milot . . . JUST 
, - , 
- u r . , „ 
Cutten, Doh,.a A ion kickup driven only 4,ooo 
7 6 C H E V Y m ite. . , 
JUST 
„ 
_ Siorro Cattie 
I ton kickup radio, heater, power 
7 O tittering brotel, Saw. ISO angtno. driven only 

 t _ — . k k n 
H is to r ic 
St ton, Tully loodod with tie apar. driven 
’ 7 7 G 
M 
C only 1.o o o m ile. , . Alit 

 i o n U J U J T E r a n i A 
Tully loodod th -.ro o m condition, 
7 2 M ONTE CARLO driven only 41 OOO milot . . . JUST 

 t m . o i i o r- 
Tully loodod 
AM -TM . pow er w indow ., pow er 
7 5 ELITE .tearing thorp.ti rn city . . . JUST 

*3 9 8 8 
*4 9 8 8 

*4 5 8 8 
*4 7 8 8 

*5 9 8 8 

*5 2 8 8 
*4 9 8 8 
*2 6 8 8 
‘2 6 3 8 

*3 3 8 8 
*3 9 8 8 
*4 1 8 8 

*5 4 8 8 
*3 9 8 8 

‘4 7 8 8 
*6 5 8 8 

*2 5 8 8 

*4 2 8 8 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo San Pedro ★ Open Evening* * 736-15651 

Al Orsinger Buick 
Skv-high savings... 
SKYLARK V-6 COUPE 

Sk y -h igh trade-in s 
Sk y-h igh discounts 

Turbo hydramahc transmission, power steering, pow er disc brokes, air conditioned, 
Delco rodiO, whitewall tires, de lo ne wheel covers, acoustic package, tinted gloss, vinyl trim, color coordinated soot belts, protective side m ouldings, custom c h ro m e ^ bum per piotection stnp>, metallic paint 
\jk J C 

’ Delivered complete, plus ta*, title an d license, 

LARGE SELECTION EQR IM M EDIATE DELIVERY 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

RI AT A 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

77 S a n d y 
73,2oo 
, 7 7 COUPtD.V!lU$1 
7 7 Brown Brown 
1 o , 4 5 o 
76 
’11,25o 
76 bm'hm ’1o,89o 
»7 * KOOWOO 
SIA /BOA 
/ 6 (room Ion 
1 o , 4 9 o 
171 Goo9*oo ss n deft 
7 6 Irory Ivory 
1 o , 4 5 o 
((U IS SEDAN 
/ 6 Gold Brown 
. COUPi DeVtUf 
/ 6 Green Wh-if 
COUPf DeYIUE 
/ 6 Gold Brown 

, 7 , COUPf OeVlllf 
/ O Ivory Ivory 
, 7 - ELDORADO 
/ 5 Orange Orange 
11 DORADO 
/ 5 Blue Blue 
SIDAN DeVlllf 
/ 5 Orange White 
, 7 C SIDAN De VICK 
/ 5 Green White 
- SIDAN DeVIUl 
7 5 Blue Blue 

 ban Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
_^99e 23 M 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

TOM BENSON USED CAR AND TRUCK DEPARTMENT 
HAS SOMETHING FOR EVERY TYPE OF BUYER 

THE ELITE 
THE FA M ILY 

C A D ILLA C DeVille, loaded, # o 3 8 o 

CAPRICE Convertible, loaded, # 2 o 5 6 

BUICK Electra, loaded, # 2 o 1 7 

M A R Q U IS Coupe, loaded, # 1 6 2 1 

G R A N D V ILLE Convertible, loaded, # 1 8 5 5 

THE SP O R T SM A N 

BUICK CO. 
45oo SAN PEDRO 
734-4221 

, 7 C coopt Devine 
/ 5 Ion Ton 
, 7 - COUPf DeVIUf 
/ 5 Silver Silver 
CALAIS COUP! 
/ 5 Blue 
,7 - court De vim 
/5 Silver Silver 

775o 
'859o 
'939o 
‘935o 
'799o 
'829o 
'765o 
'769o 
'765o 
'739o 
'765o 
'699o 
'769o 

BLAZER, 4 wheel drive, 
/ J looded, # 2 o 5 1 

FO RD 3/« ton, 4 wheel drive, 
I J 6 cylinder, 4 speed, radio, air conditioner, # 1 2 1 o 

D O D G E Vi T O N W ITH 
76 C AM PER SHELL # 1 4 5 9 

T O Y O T A with camper, 4 
7 6 speed, radio, # 2 o o 6 

CHEVROLET Va ton, 4 wheel 
76 drive, loaded, # 1 8 2 9 

‘4195 
’73 

‘5695 
'74 

‘4195 
'74 

‘4295 
’74 

‘5795 
’74 

_ 
N O V A , 4 door, 
75 loaded, # 2 o 3 2 

IM PALA, 4 door, 
7 3 looded, # 2 o o 3 

L E M A N S W agon, 
7 6 loaded, # 1 1 8 4 

‘3195 

‘2295 

‘5795 

, 
C O R O N E T W agon, 9 pass 
7 4 enger, loaded, # 1 9 2 3 
X / V 3 

 i t ii 
N O V A , 4 door, 
74 loaded, # 1 9 4 7 
‘2 6 9 5 

RA N C H ERO , 

 l o a d e d , # 1 9 9 8 

CHEVROLET 
V4 t o n crew, 

 c a b , l o o d e d , # o 4 6 o 

IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
Traveled, 

 l o a d e d , # 1 6 7 3 

G M C , I t o n , loaded, # I 64 6 A 

FO R D I t o n , V 8 , a u t o m a t i c 

 t r a n s m i s s io n , r a d i o , p o w e r , 

 s t e e r i n g , # I 7 4 7 A 

‘3 1 9 5 

4 6 9 5 

‘ 2 7 9 5 

‘ 3 6 9 5 

3 4 9 5 

THE BUDGET BU YER 

’ 7 o P O N T I A C W agon, SS I 78 51 
4 9 5 

' 6 8 A I M C Rebel, U 2 o 4 2 
......... ’ 
8 9 5 

’ 7 1 T O Y O T A M ark ll, # 2 o 2 9 * 1 4 9 5 

’6 8 A M C W agon, JT 16 4o A 
.’ 
9 9 5 

'7 2 D O D G E Monaco, :1 1 7 5 o a' 1 5 9 5 

’ 7 3 O L D S 8 8 # I 4 9 9 A 
..........* 1 9 9 5 

’ 7 4 V E G A 
# 1 9 8 3 
.. ........... ‘ 1 7 9 5 

’ 7 4 G R E M L I N 
# 1 9 9 6 
.......$ 1 9 9 5 

OTHER MAKES 

7 6 cm ..wom.' , 59 9 o 

’76 ta” 
’745o 
'76 K l , 
’699o 

, — . 
PONTIAC Gron Pm tr <aa 
/ 6 Y.rraon Whitt 
569o 
'76 Si""- " 
’485o 

BIE1IMLET 

LOOP 41o & SA N PEDRO 

A COMPUTE AUTOMOTIVE WORLD ' 

341-3314 

76 Trllow 
'485o 
,7 . CHEV Impolo 
VAo r n 
JO Brown ton 
485o 

FOR RIATA'S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y — ] 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2274282 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 

S H O W R O O M S 
O p « n Mon. -Fri. 8 A.M . 
To 6 P.M. 
Sat. 8 A.M . to 4 P.M. 

S H O P I N D O O R S 

• Tinted gloss 
• 3o1 V8 Engin# 

• Automatic Transmission 

• Factory air Conditioning 

• Rally wheels 
• AM FM stereo 

• Custom belts 

'77 GRAND PRIX 

( 
S a l 

O ro n ti Pf 

15 TO CHOOSE: 
FRO M -AU COLORS 
OO 

T A K I OVER 
PAYMENTS 
ANO ASSUME BALANCE 
V other ion to choose hora 
Most hove mr and powor remel Int ta 

Ti UAM Imvm lean v e e 
SUSI 
74 COMiaUVIM 
.. 
Sr taj 
77 k h s r«siie 
•HT* tlfltpB) 
SJ JOI 
74 UMAAw W#f4M» a. 
JI J44 ft OUK f« « M * 
STM 
72 HAT C»w*«rf !#4b 
Sider 

 ti m<mn uuiio .... 
W U 
71 1o88 Vm 
H U I 
7o KON ti At lOAmm 
.... STM ti n m KHbAif 
SISTI 
74 riHTO 
... SIAM 
74 6ooo MIM* VAN l#« w»ti— ft 
S474J 
21 FONUA • 
SUM 
11 CAOfUAC 
S3444 
IS VtOA !»'«*♦ #«f#R 
J374J 
A/ DA UDN 
SSS* 

 jlkrS°muma 

15895 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 227-5o41 

• Bodytide moldings 
• Sport mirrors 

• Power steering 

• Power disc brakes 

• Whitewall steel 

 belted radial tires 

• Tilt wheel 

Total Delivered 
Price. Plus Tax, 
Title & License 

222-1685 
222-8611 

1o25 SANPEDRO. 

718 PORSCHE 

‘AS P t r i t l ir I H C CeeO condition o n 
(71 1484, ell 111, atter t 
147 JI IO 
___________ 

‘ t i P o r» c h » t i l T o r g a 
S sp d , a ll o w A M F M b lo rto loot- Fu ll in t ir u m e n U 
( i t a l i a n ! s t I SS 
C oil 4 f4 S/o4______________________ 

' 7 7 
4 
® 
, 
V G I A R I 
*■' 

- 
^ 
^ 
» 5 o 4 3 

Custom Coupe atr. auto , pownr siMttr mg A brakes On Special* Stk 8V71o4 

TV>« HoW» J^i> 
. 

JACK RIEGER c m v i n e a i r u o u i m 

58oo SA N PEDRO 

7 3 2 - 8 2 1 1 

[A M I M I A 

71 TOYOTA mb 
I 4 door U o n d o rU 4)5 1641 ________ 
JI T O Y O T A M o i l ll Coronel f t I low, air, pood tiro. N ew clutch, 
SI47S A i) m i ___________________ 
T O Y O T A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
WO} S E M IL IT A R V O R IV E 
o74-94SI 
‘7o P e ric lie t i IT 
In pood condi 
11... 11 St/ iu In tit 421) bin it»«»M 

 m u m 
! 

Like new. 74 Suooru. C L Coupe, atr. 4 ip e ed 71.ooo m ile*. 7 IM F G 
R egular gob |?7So 4,Si Tt45 
JI S ib a r u 7 d r , 37 m oo, 4$.OOO nine, c a n tee J e u 

127 TOYOTA 

T O Y O T A OF S E G U I N 
Open eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224 4183 
T o r i 
T o r o i d c h i n o o k 
C A M P E R , 37.ooo m i N ew tirev. 
A M F M Radio , E k lro b . l ow lier 

 m TRIUMPH 

724 VOLKSWAGLM 

CASTLE MILLS ESTATES 
4 Bedroom s. 4 butin on ueuron *« acre, eacelient condition Over 
4ooo batt sits,OOO A vailab le June 
I I. 344 I M I 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
R E A L T O R S M LV________ 
D A S H E R t i 4 db or tuaded S44ti 
o74 ib is 

Buy Sell Used Cars 
Pol McQueen 
737 717 

A L A M O r O V O T A 
A u m i F ro m A irp o rt o7o o773 i ) 4 N t L O O R Qty 
74 C a lic o G T V a r y clean, A M 
F M B y ow ner I Ie I 
777 3173, ofter » »t6 o74# _________________ 

‘I t C oin o 
SO,OOO m ilot. A M FM . jj-l’ "T- 
Eft?" 
74 C a lic o 
N o e q u ity 
R ic k on p aym en ts 435 171} otter 5pm 
74 C o ro lla air, rad io. 4 speed, m i J I * t |.4| 

 i t C o r o n a R a d io , h eate r, o n , 
4 so d C le a n go o d con d S a c r i hee- S4tS 347 4773 
IF T O U C A N B U V A B t T I E R 
B U IL T S M A L L C A R T H A N A T 
P R Y E R T O Y O T A _______B U Y IT 
74 T O Y O T A C E L K . A 
JO OOO mi oood con d itio n , 4 speed, rad io. hooter S i* nu 4 J J 7374 eves 
7} Tayala C elite One Ow ner Au 
IU a c, S IM S 4JJ 4VSo_____________ 
74 T O Y O T A Ce I tea. a u lo m a iic , an S74»« Cull M an u e l JCI 44 < J 
74 Toyota Corona, SI44o A M F M , mr. ra d ia ls 73H H 7J 
74 T O Y O T A C O R O L L A v e r y good condition Ji4VJ 341 73o4 
'71 T o yo ta C o ro n a M e e k ll W a oon 4 so d air new baltei y and sh o ck s V IS X 459 M i l ____________ 
71 Toyota C oro lla N ew eng 
)4 m e g 
E k c o l l o n l c o n d 
VIEJO 

 i L i l i i l ________________ l l TovO tO C o o e e 
A ir. 4 so d 
A M F M . n e w b a t t e r y , t ir e s 
4(1 H IF ____________________________ 
77 T O Y O T A 7 D O O R lik e n e w ' J s m k n D i i i i i 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 
'7 4 M O B, GT, air 
'74 FIAT 124 Spydar, air 
'74 FIAT Coup*, air 
'7 3 DATSUN, 24o Z, air 
'7 2 TRIUM PH GT 6, air 
'7 2 TR .*, r o d - S h a r p ! 
W I A l4 o REPAIR MOST 
M A R IS o r r o t (IG N CARS 
S O C IA L S O N 
M A K I JOBS. THIS WIIK 
1343 M o A D W A T 
IT S ! 1(9 

Can Rat M c Q ue r 
I i i LL V W S 
M o d e ls from 44 *77 C all: Fred 
Vdsaoei 134 711 1 
L i f t f o m o M Ic v w i*o o « ~ oir. reclining sea's. 77 loos. >3.7oo o rg n n e l m ile s M in t condition, 
S34o11 133 JOSI 
_ _ 
N O R t il l 6 6 p v o l k s w a g e n 
731 7111 
4473 FR t OE R IC K S B U H G R O A D ft r a b b i t c u s t o m g u u x i on AM F M, S319J IJJ ( I S I 
_ 
) f o b I A S T V Mi 
>4o7 N E LO U R S I I 
IM-1 NI 

A L A M O S P O R T S C A R S 
Authorued Sales and Set vie* 
Trium ph Alfa Rom eo i m B R O A D W A Y i l l SJI) 
‘S i Ti lum ph G T S e icelle nt m ech cond am im w ire w heels w re 
O S U . *4 (OO in. 4/4 3 H *________ _ 
W44 T R IU M P H TRC 
S4oo pi bes! Otter 134-1734 
I J7J H iio m p li T R S 
W n iie w iih black inlet tor A M P M stereo, roll bar Tonneau cover 34.&oo m iles 
Im m o c u t a le c e n d ilio n 
O n ly 
SIM O 44) 4J4> w eekdays tilt J 3o 

 m VOLKSWAGEN 

BUGS!!! 
F ro m U SS Ira 1777 
C A L L B IL L 
434 447o 

72 SUPER BEETLE 
31.ooo mi need lo roil SJI 7444 
Toke up Pints? *74 VW , 4,ooo mi, air. sin, IiiU S I JJS SSS I f f 7 T W k ? w T G E N B.elle cienn SV7J 73S 71 l l 
SO Volksw agen 
B u g 
G ood car 
SIRS en best ottei 337 u * 4 _______ 
7l V o lk s w a g e n Von. air good condition S34So SJI 77741S IQpnt) 

VOLKSWAGEN 
H arts Se rvice C u rs j 
OSS I t l l 
TS VW A i oil to 4 sud , good coin t i * 
U >oo *7o o134 
T o 'v w B U G " O N E O W N S 6 st.ON C A L L 43S SU S____________ t i VW B U C Radio, t owner, pood condition SI7oo 347 o*37 
■J’v w i £ K " « ^ ” o 'n d ir,o n -?5 F 
733 I A lit otter 4 p m 
1774 VW So s. luguuoe tack A M 
F M ro d to att M 77J 474 4411 
To VW Bus new point, tires, en 
O llie SI4Jo SS J t i l l 434 4 371 lOst VW bus sonroot t n v l lv n l condition SI TRS 33S 7111__________ ss VW C a m p ti sieeov 3, $7*J ti 
Pinto loaded SI7J A il I l l s 

TS VW c o n v a r lib le 
33,JOO m i. ! 
A M F M lope STOM 474 4J1J 
72 M A T A O O R . « door ...... »*») 
*7o M A V E R IC K , 4 eld 
... S **S 
TO O L D S 4-door 
.......... $ (*J 
4* IM P A L A 4 door 
... SO*) 
47 C U T L A S S , looded 
, t i l . t i Olds 4 door, 
... » j» J 
4* C H E V V (b o d y w o rk ) 
.. SITS 
S M I T H S U s e d Cars 
7oS S A L A M O 
774 *144 

*34 VW D A S H E R auto o n . ilk * new S347S IJJ I I J I 

VW Engine Overhaul VW 
M E T R K . M A S T S R. o)4 7417 t i V W F a s t b a c k 43,ooo m ilto . good condition. JI7So attar Jpm j 
4J4 o777 
731 * K M C 
44 V W K B N ew paint, mot non 
IC Oily reconditioned 
14oo 
441 3J1J 
74 A M C B ro u a h o m . 4 door, air, ooto loir shape t i l t s o2o 118o. home TOI IS H 
47 V W £ o o d e ngine and b ody. 1 
SJ4J Call 734 o447 i i A M I M a lo d o r J dr hardtop 
V ery cleon S3 SJO 4 J S I3 S * 
4* VW. gto ol m olar, iron! le nders chooped, S4oo 4JJ OJI* 
74 C A S S IN I M A T A D O R 
White with gold vin yl loo. loaded 
444 I74< t i V W K o r m e n O h io 
O r ig ' awner, good cond J IT ** *73 8733 

74 v w M o o s . tige r pow tire s 
Perfect SUTO 333 11 JI 
75 H O R N E.'f 
T SI 24*4 otter 7 pm 
TO VW new paint, excellent $11 JO { rn best otter 347 74/7 
'TS H o rn et 
I door sedan, auto. a ir, c ru ise , v in y l root. p e rfe ct cond S2.47S Ow ner. TST 4o71 
VW OVERHAUL S4oo S5oo 
17 M o l l OOO m i Wen runty 
Norttibide B o g Repair, 474 JOJO 
J 

I) h 6 « IN E T Sportaboo! iorpe A. ooto a n, pow er steering, 47.ooo 
U A 4oo3 

73 VW 7 pa Stengel Bos. Standard. 
A M F M 
J374J 
Call 
M an u el 
341 7433 
PACER’75 
Looded, need lo sell 4)1 *4*4 
I J VW Rutjbit A n , rodio. bion do I d J2347 4J4 JOOS 
43 Ram bler A m e rica n New tires. os is S U S Call 
M T AHA 
47 V W , r o d io , h e a to r. g o o d 
( and,I,on IJ7S S I? 7334 
177J S p o r io b o u l W a go n a ll ex lr OS lop condition 344 74*4 
44 VW 
R e b u ilt e ngin e, (H O O m iles) 
ST M or best otter 
Call 
IIT 4IJ4 

73 T io n s A in 4oo H o rst 4 sod. pood cond Atter ) 4*4 4*oo 

IT VW Sciro cco A M T M stereo, a n loo lam ps I ITT 334S r n BUICK 

 t i V W l u a u auto o n . o ui tm. radials. M I 113o 474 1443 
7) B u n k C en tury L u l u s * p u s se n ge r sta lio n w a a o n . I o w n e r, low m ile a g e , r e a l c le a n 
J O I 
Broadw ay. o77 M U SI/ *) 
TO Buick Electro i i i Fully load ed. good condition i l l 77)4 

7^ VW S u p e r B ee tle so n ro o t. 
• adults Ii evil point SHOO TSS 24o4 i 74 VW S U P E R , like new, a irI au to ia d .o SIOJO 333 OIS} 
1774 W hile V o lk t w a a e n T h in g 
23,ooo m ile s, h o l d lo o a n d convertible lop dual radial tires 
IJ SOO S II STO 3o/1, STO :«/4 

4* Buick Ele ctra J U Foil power, 
• a c t o r y a ir , e x t r a d e a n l f license ST*) Will trode *23 7oo3 

'73 Buick Electra Ltd 
4 door, Loa d ed ' 
S74*S 
TM 4171 
7 2 5 VOLVO 

TS 3 4 7 D L V O L V O aoHa. a ir , pow er, 17.ooo m iles, one ow ner 
STOOS o3o 43o3 

Buick 
72 E le ctro Lim ited. 4 dr, tolly lo a de d 47,ooo mi, i u p e ib 
.and S37JO AIA 3)o3 
P A R K T e n V O L V O 
IN SC O U T D I A L E R 
133 B A L C O N E S N O R TH 7)3 214} 

4* B u ick L e Sa b re , new paint, good a n d cle an m u st se ll th is week. S4Jo 4)4 J4)f i i Volvo i t ) b l Power, on, eu- lO , A M O M stereo CB 
S477S 
I awner 4*4 4437, 774 7744 

B u ic k L o S o b r e 
A l 
A ir. p o w e r, 
, VI, clean D ave 
734 IIT ) si* B U IC K I v ia b ly C on ve rtible, 
P ow er s e a ls , p o w e r w in d o w s , 
: A M FM , nice cor, 
437*1. 
C oli 
J I i i 3)11 

 i i V O L V O I44E, a n , tap#, sun root, auto. 43,ooo m ilts, a n d o r blue book OI S4ooo )44 IM S att J 

 t i V olvo StPtionwogoM, bld air, 
A M F M al ISO) W M a rlin 
I To Buick le io b f * . JI OOO to a d y , refinance or a ssu m e p a y m e n ts 
344 I I M ottei 4pm 
IO T} V O L V O 144 
V a r y .le o n 
Id e a l 
223 4 4)7, come bv 
24J3 
B i aud wu v 
4o B uick Le Sabre, m ake o tte r. 
43) 1)oo or 4VT 134) 
TO V O L V O W A G O N bid , a ir , am tm. lu gg age lack, new tires, I ’i i B o n k I m u te d G ood condition, looded 334oo ( J I 77)4 

I ‘i t V o lv o W a g o n 
G o o d c o n d 
SJlOO or bos! ottei W kda yt att 7, anytim e w kends TST U S O 

74 f c U it k L T D . too c o n d itio n , loaded S437) 4)3 JIT* 
' 73 Buick R e gal Lan d au V I . ail 
: lom etic. pow er, tocto ry a it 
It 
I license Lik e new 341*3 Will Ii ado 
I *33 711) 
74 Valve W ogon Air power, low mites im m a c u la te ' e ll <771 

47 V olvo W agon, sta n d a rd air radio, new liras battery, low mi, 
SUOS Alt lorn. 413 7417 

 l l Buick sk y la r k J 6oo1 
6 reo i condition Lew mile ape A ir, new i battery N ew re d ia l tiro s , m a l­ tier 113oo 434 TO** otter ) p m 
728 MtSCLLLAIttOUS AUTOS 
4* Buick W oo on Good lr on spur- lotion Will sell ITO) 14* 3474 
1*75 Brad ley G T white with black 
J rn ten or o24 o747 OI ITO 111) 
‘72 Buick W agon le a d e d P ow er ste e rin g , B ro k e s , a ir. e le c t r ic w indow s, door locks. M u ir sen. i Best otter OIS 44)4 
‘74 Lotus Cut Opa S a d 13.6oo m f air. radials Excellent 734 *4o* 

4* VW S4*S 
47 C O U G A R 
S I* ) 
433-4IS*, J34 7oo4 
1*74 Century auto. pow er steer- 
, mo ond brokes, air. A M F M ste r­ eo m any other e x tra s Take over leon balonea 4*4 1414 
< A il t i s I b *b 

73 M O ltT E G O , 4dooi, aotom aiic! 
I B it, power T ite r m g. v in y l loo, 
471o4 Coli M n nu el 341 *411 

73o 743AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday March 27 1977 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTQMOBilCS 
73o 743AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743-AUTOMOBILES 
733 CADILLAC 

MISSION CHEVROLET’S 
Special “Off-ers” * 
M o n te C a rlo 

8 
3 
4 
6 5 o f f * 

STOCK N O S: 2 4 5 8 , 2 4 3 2 , 2 2 2 2 

2 3 4 7 , 2 3 8 7 , 2331 
WINDOW PRICE $61o3.65 
SALE 
‘5269 

VINYl TOF 
OPTIONAL IXTRA 

Malibu Sedan $754 OFF* 
* WINDOW PRICE $5749 

 s a le 
* 4 , 9 9 5 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 

9 2 4 - 2 3 1 1 
S 
M 
# 
: 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY, 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE______ 

The P o licy That' le ts" 'V o n S n in A w a y 'b lo k t 
H ie Co*: O f M a jo r M e c h a n ic a l R e p a irs For 1 1 
M on th * O r 1 2 ,o o o M il* * , W H Ich g v g r C o rn e l 
First! 
... 
. . . 
* M O T O R 'S IN S U R A N C E C O R P O R A T IO N * 

> 
N > R M » R R R R R R R R I I R R R R iM IR R R i 8 R M 
CHECK THESE FINE 
LOW MILEAGE CARS n a n s’ !/ Irro L 4-door, wino color, bur- 
/ O u U lv lV oundy valour Inttrlor, automatic 
V-B, ©lr, with avary ovollobla option, 6o/4o 
»®ot*, cr ut control, b«out!tyl,8,BO? milor. 

‘5495 

75 MERCURY oir, wHt» pow 
I 3,674 mil**. 

ROOT*, trwiin w n” wi, wwhvhivi, you mu*t burry for fbi*. . .*23271 
76 OLDSMOBILE silver, btu** lnt*rl*,. outo- mcrtk, V-6, otr ufWi power, A*ft/t*» stereo, 3 looter kiggoge rock, . t l l C I A 
Monorth. 3-door, brown, ton londou root. automat!, V-o, power, ^jus^llk. new with only ^ 
9 ^ 

75 OLDSMOBILE burgundy 
Londou roof, burgundy valour Interior, autoerotic 35o V- 
1, air wftb po war, cruUo control, AM /PM \ A AQ IL 
•toroo, aport whaali, much mort. . .#24o9A 
•I1! ? / 
• 75 OLDSMOBILE ^ 
“ uJdTTo., £ & metis, V-S, otr with power, sport mirrors, AM with »-troch. swivel bucket soots, nice cor. . . ie IO C 
874S3A 
U 
" ) l i a r rn ll/ - Lr Century londou. 7-door, silver Ion 
/ 5 d U K K dou roof, whit* bucket seats with consol* shltt, automatic V-B, air with power, sport wheels^AM/FM with t-treck stereo. 

 blue, top, blue Interior. with power, very 

 spacial. . .R14S3A 
75 OLDSMOBILE wC." 
4^~r* automatic 33o V -l, ai cloon. . .J84132A 
75 OLDSMOBILE with 
Jrown vinyl roof, brown intorlor, outomotk 35o V -l, ©lr with | power, muff a deon and roomy. . .4B1571A 
, rn rn DI u n / Lo So br®. 4-door, btu#, white top, 
/ Af O v lv n with power ovary available option, cruieo control. AM /fM ttoroo. ^owor watt, much more, wall worth only. 
11 3 A c f i [M M fk Multo na ll Ohio, maroon, white vinyl 
/ 4 lU K U roof. 
4-»pood 

*23.&°a“- 

6-cylindor, power more, 
«■ callant y 

 i f I o A i i T l i / firebird formula 
33o, blue, 
7 4 r U N I I A v white vinyl roof, automatic V- 
1, air with power, AM with I -track, aport mirror* and wheal*, dual exhaust*, nice. . . 
• 2311A en. green automatic 
V -l, 
*»*r WUU pww*>, winjr 3o,191 mile*, very 
•harp . A231oA 
74 MERCURY EX* JC T — w.'TCS shltt, air. 7Soo V-6 engine. 31.3S7 miles 
. 
( H S I A 
SS 1.1., 4-doer, light green 

74 OLDSMOBILE Intertor, ■ air with power, •'fenty 

73 OLDSMOBILE with 

I t s c o o n T-N»4. hpht blue dark bk,* vbwl 
/ 3 r U K U root. Mu* Interior automatic, air with dower windows, seats, AM IM with * - 
. S I S IE A track, clean. 
Oran Torino Co blue, blue vinyl 
TK 

4395 

3395 

2995 

‘3995 

‘3695 

‘2595 

‘2895 

‘3495 

‘2995 
73 FORD JET ® T » . outomotk 
V -l, ok with power, »pe<n»i . .#53341 
• n a S A D O Maverick, 
4-door, brown with 
7 J r U K U brown interior automatic 6-cylin­ der. oir with power, extro dean and depen- t n n n r doble. 41.ooo mile*. . .#471 IC 
4 / V ) 
• -« A DI n r I/ Centurion Convertible, light green, 
7 3 p U i v A white top. automatic V -l, air with power, every available option, look* and $4)o o C drive* great 
*5316 
I 
72 CHEVROLET ^ h ^ y , '^ . rn otic. v - i, otr with power, cloth interior, nice in A A C car s 73o1A 
A N T J 
72 OLDSMOBILE brawn vinyl fool. brown 
Interior, outomotk 
V -l, ak with every a voile hie option, 
33,ooo mH§», cleon. $O CO C 
•pee lei. 
.#1o671 
4 J t ) 
72 OLDSMOBILE & * & * . with automatic 
S I 1I9A . 

7 5 alpine green ovecode ll londou vinyl fool ond molth- tnj oil vinyl mteciet bucky! seats with cen set* 
I moldings AM/"'' 
G R A N D fR I X ^ 

 aune cen bel automatic tionsmissswt powec peering pywec disc bt aim loc tory on 
I whity tidy wall turn pow ai .tooting power disc bt OC ct oulemotK rod to lot lot, ae I A A O C 
■ WAS 55J95 NOW 
4488 
I I i i A B A k i n D D I V 
W*** r*on mydium grey" Vt londou vinyl tool me 
I 
/ 4 w K A N U I K IA dium gryen lus wry dom bucky! nuttier colei keyed body tad* protection peel bebed rodtoi whit* ud* well tem toby wheel, end him rings AM TM stet** outemotK pew*! ilyet.no powyi disc braky, po wet window, i n r A A I 
| whity accent .tripe. 
Wk! 13995 NOW 
J J O U | r» T A r 
D A b i n D D I V 
ET .letting wire* Meek h landau tiny! reel Mock ob 
/ 4 
U K A N U I K l A tm jh dw * With wood giam body mn moldings toby 

 window, twin toe* melon AM TM .torye us way power moi driven tidy buckets 

 now"*"*** ’* 
* 
* 
' 
<‘u,am*ni t°amy **WA i4V>i 
I I** A r n 
A k i n D O I V cmnomen blown whity k landau vinyl tool natural 
1 / 4 
U K A N I ) P K I A tan al vt mien*. body .My meld.no.eR 

 i e . / lif e r bb 3 door Caupo. Croom with groan 
/ I U L U ) cloth Interior automatic. V-8, air, pawer AM IM stere*. 49,ooo miles- Sharp 
.S I775A iw e A l A C Vista Cruiser Wagon green with 
/ I U L U ) green Int*riot automatic, 31o V t. oh, power 
3 seater, 44,ooo miles. Very popular medal and bi groat condition . . 
S T IM A sr. gold with beige automatic, V-b. oh condition end dean. . . 

• T A C A B A Me Varick Coup*, green, bleck vinyl 
/ U F U K U road, automatic 
A cylinder oh, 

IAIA 
71 BUICK vinyl Interior and a m 
S I375A 

 power, 11,111 miles, nice dependable car. 
SJ39<A 

‘1995 

‘2495 

‘2395 

‘ 1995 

‘ 1395 
7o DODGE 
Dory 4-door, cream with brown In- 
4-cylinder ah, S J 'J g ^ 

69 PONTIAC greea intwrSrT*automatic, V -l, war. extra dean *ra<**partatieFi at. . . $ 

 power, very cie aa. (conomkal 

*3988 

 erfieai*, buck©! ermsIa eiiih glass aufaasafK (Nfvvin s I eel l it g peerei 5^2 
/3 El I doc broke. Lottery oe stool bebed .admi ply ..hit* ud* wok htmWAS $4795 NOW 
J O Y ) | 
/•* / 
A D A k i n D D I V 
EJ cream geld Wadi Tub vinyl tool, block al vinyl I 
/ o 
U K A M U I K IA not yrtlb bucket tool. and geh consols body 

 ma ‘55881 

‘4788 

I Mid Ut 
__ _ 
I buck*) teal. and sped cornel* mouldings, twin rec* nursers toby whosis, hun rtnei avis* cen bel bb steering 
AAI TM stere* powec window., power soot, ttoel bebed whity udy reroll radial tem. block octant tbipm low md* op* ....................... 
WAS JS995 NOW im I r n i k i n D D I V com** chit* mydium btu* ab vinyl mimer col*! kyyed 
I / o UKAN I/ rK IA 
.port ms. 

* 
* 
* 
***** PWAS ES49S NOW 

 tioTr'Z 
SERVICE, W H A T 
JT ’S A LL A B O U T 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES w 

TSO Hi. idOP 4To AfMDftwAY 

995 

124-o411 

* 5 o o o 

MISSION CHEVROLET* 

PRICE REDUCTION SALE 

H9 C P E O V I L L E 
I o w n er 49o3 South F lo re s 
•73 F.idof edo A ll pow er, tilt wheel, 
A M T M tope deck, C R . 14JSo. 
133-3193. 
__________________ 
T F S L D O R A D O B A R G A IN 
Beau tifu l I! 433-3491 337 1AM 

M E C H A N IC A L IN S U R A N C E A V A IL A B L E 
O N M O S T C A R S . I 2 M O N T H S O R 
I 2 ,o o o MILES. G ET DETAILS. 

I** * /*/k(k| ir T V r 
Wkile wit* s#44l* mf net. VI, at/tomatu 
J o C O R V f l T l pow*/ stowing, |»©w#r broken, wr condition#!!, f«4»o, whiff utl»wofk, AM TM si*/#©. Hit wk©*). 
15,ooo mihi 
............................................................ 8695 

 vwyf lf J), pow *r 
76 MONTE CARLO LANDAU iHwh!!$ p«w** hrehti, V-B. wfanetk, akr who* uOrwoH* URI NEW 
............................................. 
76 IMPALA SEDAN 
-TT ditto*©/, re#*, wktl* ud*weflt LOW MRIAGi 
.................... f_ . / u n i i r t E 
4 
•** <rx#hw*r4. 
7 6 C H IV IT T ! 
«»t*e»iw»** 
................................ 
76 MALIBU CUSSIC COUPE v ‘ *TJl 
*fnm% powR* brot#*, eft c*«*Hr*4*4. mdie, whtt* u4rw«N*. 
AM TM Top*, kvdifl well 
.................. 
76 CHEVROLET NOVA mrsuoi, 4 cyNmhr, err to. ditiMsyd, pmrrrr tii.n.j. ra#t, whit. vihwnfli. '.Ity whMli. 

J4995 

‘3695 

‘ 1995 

‘5495 

‘4295 
‘3195 

‘4895 

76 CHEVROLET NOVA 
.uCmefti trMimisii.fi, 
H * . itMriny. hr tondibon^, lit*.* ettti kvrfoedy btm 
........ 
76 OLDS CUTLASS SUPREME I S E V w hr imdiltrmM, p ii* itMrteg, p m brlk.i, rsd». wkn. 
Wdtwhh. lands, rhyt toy, kvck.t t.«ti, rsnssh. hm« fit*. 
. . 
_ m s . ens e rn e , *•*“ 4 deer. 4 cykndyt, syly 
76 FORD GRANADA 
«*•« imsnniiM, m -»* ttMriny. ut..f, *ndm 
................................................ 
75 AMC MATADOR fnitifon, pawer »leering, pawn: hrehft, att canditioaMi, r»4H», whif* tfdewaHt 
H A I ID U 
o**** katktkin with hRif* vinyl lop, V 
75 MALIBU 
*s cwtoixam trex*mit»iott, power ttrcnxg, power hrekos, ok (oaditioxfd. rod*©, whit* tide walk, (refit tor* fro), tilt whool 
............... ................... r/\fjfk 
Tormo Sedan, Rght Wu«, V S. outomom tron»- 
75 rUKU minion, power power krohet, ok tondt honed, radio, whit* udewalk 
........................ 
/ U D V C I CD wlfc big* vtny! tap, V B, 
75 L H R T H t R ovtomatk tronsmiifion, power ttirrm|, pawer hrohet, ok (auditioned, rodio, white wdewolk, AM EM biereo, (raise control 
............ .. 
’ T C b in U A r A l IP F bvffyndy —ilk Wack .myl tup. VI, 
/ ) N U V A l U U r t svtMMbc, 
I tawing, ,ow.i krskss. hr t**dltl»**d, rsdi*. -kit* udswabi, tyllyy -kyats. 

74 PONTIAC GRAND PRIX COUPE IT"*’ while viny! top. V B, aatowotk, pewee tteering, pawer brahea, ak 
(ondttionad. radio, white udewofli, betfcet »eo«*. toniole ........ 
_ . el#*w e 
Sedan, rod with white vinyl top, V B, ovtomotic 
7A N U V A hantmiition, power lifer inf, power broitet, ok $«*# onditionod. radio, white udoweit* a 6 V 5 
74 PLYMOUTH SATELLITE COUPE top, VB. outomotk trenintiswon, power steer inf, power brohei, arr (onditionod, rodio, white Md# walk 
.............................. 
74 IMPALA SEDAN itMnnf yy— ktekys. sit ryndHiynyd. rsdi*. -kll* lidt«sHt, lilt 

PICK-UPS 
75 CMC Vc TON a b conditioned . . 
75 FORD wc“Uf: 
‘3395 
75 FORD 
‘3295 
74 BLAZER r wr. * ‘4395 
73 TRAVELALL ir^ S T Jh . 
. 
*2495 

75 v a n 2 r r s ^ 4 ° r r * k/ . r r rrrr?: ‘3695 

75 TRAIL PUSTER 
72 olds r r r : ‘2195 
74 BUICK (dr^londlHoiMMi 
** power outomath $ 2 5 9 5 

75 NOVA SS outTmatk 
75 BUICK auto*natk!^ir conditioned pew., ‘4 2 9 5 

76 BUICK '.ZZ tap e, powerm^motk, .t1*'*'* ‘4895 
75 MONZA 
‘2495 
73 CHRYSLER 
73 COUGAR XR L'tam^rr .o'n^^ed’*”' ' - *2995 
75 IMPALA (pawer, oiMonditioned. 
‘3595 
73 apRicE 2si? Jriaw ssT'. rrr*. rrr. *2395 
*2295 
3 d * . 
12 6 9 5 

75 MONTEGO w e t, asb (o n - 
AM-FM *te- 

'4295 

'3495 ! 

‘3695 

'2895 

74 MONTE CARLO is.4ibs.sd, T—yvrnIi Mn* 

ITO VI, evt*m.tti Irsnimiinon, ye—SI ftMnng pewsr kcykst, hr 
-ilk —krl. tend .ti mnyl IMI, fatly 

 sn. B 41 4 
4d»»t kerdtsy. 
Mn*. 
VI. yvtshsbi. 
74 IMPALA bMsmiisi*.. yy—*1 tt*yn.g y*wyr brykyi, air ryudttiemd. i*dt*. mw -kit* ud*-*Ht 
........................ 
74 MONTE CARLO 
Vt. 
Mtytnsbc lr., unit it.., yn—ai ilyyring yy— krykst, hr csnditiynyd. rsdi*, -kin 

‘2695 

3495 

‘2695 

74 MUSTANG ll COUPE 
‘3695 idyyr, V-4, 4 ipyyd. rsdin. im rn n r met —ksht, bvckai wsH 
2 4 V ) 

’73 BUICK £E£»iiu;h .S S fc d '4o" po'*•, 
I w W i e n owtomOTK, on conoirionra ..* .* » .* * • 
AS IS SPECIALS 
72 CHEVROLET PICKUP 
*7o GRAND PRIX cup#......................... 
’68 MALIBU coop...................................... 
’7o MONTE CARLO cm*...................... 
’72 VEGA coop.................................. 
’72 IMPALA 
.............................. 
’68 CADILLAC n Oemdo Coupe-............................ 
’71 TOYOTA Corona Mark ll Coupe 
. 
'67 MUSTANG C o u p * ...................................................... 
’68 IMPALA »m*n.............................. 
’7o CHEVROLET wt^-md 
........... i t , 6 A6~ m t u i 6 t 
J ) O ^ N r u ^ m o r S f i r n i U f i f i c 

‘2395 

'Z Z ^ 
/ fr / S 7 r 

1 2 o o B L O C K ^ R Q A D W flV a 2 2 3 - 4 2 8 'i 

74 E l D o ra d o , im m a c u la te , lo a d ­ e d , o n ly 1 3 ,o o o m i. C a lf d a y s 
343-3o41, a tta r 4 424-4< 3t __________ 

71 E L D O R A D O , w h ite w ith gold top, lo aded, re a l n ice, 135V V C all 
>3o-1511____________________________ 

RUTA CADILLAC 
117 L E X IN G T O N _________ 334-7331 

■db Sedan de V illa . E x c a lle n t con 
Clition 4o5 D l l 
V E R Y C L E A N 73 F L E E T W O O D 
B ro u g h a m d c le g a n c e 4 d r . a ll equip 327 o388. 834-4444. 

734 CHEVROLET 

T T 7 o m a r o ^ Iu t o T 38 7 . V 8, a ir , re g io n o b it A fte r 5:3o 333-4334 

C o m o ro '4o. 327, a u to ., pourer, a ir. 
Clpon. >12o5. 732-2478. 
__________ 

71' I' C A M A R O 2-daor 
T o k * o v e r p a v m a n tg , n e e q u ity . coll C re d it M a n a g e r, 344 4448 

1*73 C A M A R O fu lly In o rtfd . L ik e now 824-o545. 4* 4-8o54_____________ 
C A M A R O L T 1* 74, L O A D E D W ill help H n o n c r M u ll lo ll no w ! C all 
P ic k 433-1444 

■7o C A M A R O , s ilv e r w ith b la c k v in y l fop 
N e e d s e n g in e r e p a ir , m a k e o tter 448-o**7 eves 

76 CAMARO 
35o VS, au to ., p o w e r, a ir , A M -F M stereo tope 
R a lly w h e e li, e x c e l­ len t cond, w ith o n ly 4.ooo m ile i 
M u s t * e ll! L o a n b a l 
14* 7 5 . W ill take b e lt o tte r. 
344-3473 a r 
4*8 2114_______________________ 

'48 C o m o ro V e ry pond condition. 
1 * o o . C oit: 475- 1232.________________ 

73 CAMARO Z28 
4-speed, p a w e r 
...........................134*5 
_________734-4321 

'74 C a p ric e C la s tic C o n v e rtib le 
35o VS, a u to ., p o w e r, a ir . S tereo tap e. C B , 33,ooo m ile ! 141* 5 . W ill ta k e tro d e. 4»»-o2* 4 . 

48 C h evelle, hi p e rfo rm a n c e 3So. 
H a y s . L a k e w o o d , M r . G a s k e t. 
D ia m o n d tuck $ 15oo. *32 o425 

C h e v e lle M a lib u . 1* 74. au to . a ir. 
52.ooo m l. m u tt lo ll. 
12,4* 5. 
823-o78o____________________________ 

4* C h evelle M a lib u . F u lly loaded 
HOOP 34 1 4 7*7 _____________________ 

75 C hev M a lib u 4 d e o r. V I , auto a ir. p o w er 134*5 * 23-4334 

'73 BUICK APOLLO COUPE tntntmitslse, ye—ne nyynny yy—sc krskyc. sn csndttiynsd, ,*4t«. -WI* ttds-yMl '2295 I 

’73 PLYMOUTH 9 PASS. WAGON -Md*... 
■ V I mttnmsCM tcsntmnhsn. yy— ttsnrtnf. y*-s, Wskst. hr I cl e n c csndttiynsd, rydiy. -kits t.'4*wo*». lay reek, l*» mthegy 
. . . . s i r J 
’73 FORD TORINO COUPE irmwiiiitka. pow** jnnQf J bt ak p. ©if OKMkttehfB, rmlia, whit# wBawalk 
/ / » ) 
M W ilW ii I Ii■ gi HI ill 
M 
73 CORVETTE T TOP fow*r Matting, po wa* bt ob a*, ak canBitmnfB. »©#• whit* wBawaN*. lH» wh#*J 

 a t t whtth 
. . 
'73 FORD TORINO HARDTOP k( ttmtmitii 

 uBawalk 
'73 FORD COUNTRY SQUIRE WAGON Z 

-ysdyrsM 44s ysprit. Vt. tydw. yytMMttc ttsnsmtttlsn. ys-yr thsttttg yy—st krskyt sn .sithttynsd, -kit* si4*-hli. i*y reek 

‘2495 

'2695 

Top dollar paid for (loan cars. 

Sea us if you have one to sell. 

LUXURY CAR SPECIALS 

*4995 

7 5 FORD LTD K 
T 
* 
!4?«5 
Town (ar, cream, 21,ooo mild, ./»*. 
9 4 V ) 
7 6 LINCOLN 

''”“ ..*1o,25o 

( M 
I S S I O N r i l E Y I I O 
L E T 

I 2 o o S.E . M ilit a r y 

'76 MARK IV S S en “I 
7 5 mark iv s r 1lr ? . r r ’ .,r : . r ,:*8995 

7 4 MARK IV S L 'S S jr 
136 loaded. 

PHONE 

924-2311 

75 GRAND PRIX se hero beige beme k landov vinyl reel. chocolaty brown blimy dent intoner te e tot* miners styled 

'4 4 8 8 
76 

 fowl power door lock*, AM rodio wrtk 8 frock sforoo hope pioyo automatic, powor 
•toormg powor dm br ako*, hit stowing and awe# control 
WAS $4195 NOW 
P O A k in DDIY 
**"“ F***1 hied k landov podded reef Wed el 
U K API U r KIA vinyl Kl toner twm race uunen. pewee wtndewi tatty dew lads, pewc seat AM todbe with I trad times music saw' IC I O O I mg eutemehc peww due brakes factory ae WAS $5495 NOW 
J I OO | brettrwn red, white b vmyt toot, ted littery doth vylem interiw, twin coco mtrtoii celw keyed style steel 
| '7 A 
/ I D A K in DDIY hrythwn md whit* b vmyl tool ted biters doth velewr 
I / O w n M l l U r K I A in ter let, twin rec* mirtwt celw keyed slyly steel wheels AM HA stere*, pean windows, uh stewing avis* central whir* octant stripes whetesrd* wafts steel bebed redid feet peww stewing, peww disc Wakes I 4 o r A I automatic factory ae 
WAS $5395 NOW 
O O D U I 
I -J t r D A I j n D D I V 
$1 hwkng idver leebswn ted b Ie* des auryl reel with 
/ o U K A I b U J T K I A red krnwy rn twier wrth 4o 4o see! honeycomb meg 

 aves* cannel fldw bunted be^bnt^^e nef^ttngy, red accent s^npe*. duel rparts m^nws, t 
IP I 
. Waded, low mdoog. 
................i..,.... 
WAS $429$. NOW 'D O O D I 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 B R O A D W A Y 
2 2 7 -5 o 4 1 
O 
O 
9 2 o B R O A D W A Y 
O P E N E V E N I N G S 

B u d g e l 

 re n t ii c a r / re n t a t r u c k / fle e t mile* 
QUESTION: 
W H A T D O Y O U D O W IT H FLEET R E N T A L C A R S ? 
ANSWER: 
W E G IV E P E O P LE E X C E L L E N T C A R B U Y S ! 

F R O M O U R FLEET W E N O W H A V E A V A I L A B L E : 

( T 
V 
I A 
I I K 
H 
' h 
“ SPECIALS” 

7 3 FORD 

7 6 OLDS 

7 5 OLDS 
.‘5695 
Y Attame (aria (an**, lac lacy air, oil . - - n y pa war god eitrat, artly 1o,ooo milai . - D /Y D 

1 7 4 f i t | \ ( * • * • © Hpbday Saden, factory air, all 
. . . . . 
/ ti U L U J pawer and citral, vinyl lag, cloon ........ 2 4 9 5 

 t V * A i n e 
*•*•«< *d **f, loci ary air, all . . . . . 
7 4 O L D ) powor and eitra*. clog* ..........................‘ 3 8 9 5 

’ 7 C a i u n / 
♦•tforv air, aN power and , . . Q ( 
/ J d U IL K eitroiW ei $ 4 U 5 . N o w ....................... 4 2 V 5 

'T A D I AC CwMm* W r*f*« Ceope, lottery alf, all 
/ o U L U ) powor gad citral, ttoroo. cruise, Magi.. 

7 5 OIOS 
>4295 

‘2795 

 and astrol, 13,ooo auto* 
. . . . . *5695 t o r / n r i i Mahba Classic ttgttaa wogoa. factory 
/ D U U Y air, oil powor gad estrai...................... 

 iw / D A U T I A C 
Coupe, 4-cylinder, tioa- 
/ O r U P I 11 A L . dord. I-owner, ertgiaal. (leon . . . 
*]() CHRYSLER 
* * ?* lkr.4 power 

 i n s a i A f Custom Cruiser ctattea wogoa, factory 
1 4 U L U ) air, all powot and t i t t e r , roof rack ... 

’76 
PONTIAC GRAND 
PRIX’S 
FROM: ‘4884 

— 

.‘3695 

.‘3795 

7 2 INTERNATIONAL S S T L e T T *2295 

7 6 OLDS s r J JL S T : ^ 
* :.* *4995 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OE OUR 
'74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

“ CONFIDENCE IS C A V E N D E R ” 
Lavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-73S7 • 226-8772 

’76 
OLDS CUTLASS 
SUPREMES 
FROM: ‘4555 

F R O M *2735 

F R O M *3ooo 

F R O M *2575 
*2825 
’76 CHEVY VEGA (U a M to a e p a r par sen bacaese thats a i I b a v e ) ‘ 2 5oo 

W f H A V E A L S O A V A IL A B L E : N O W SE V E R A L ’7 7 M O D E L S 
T H A T A R E A P P R O A C H I N G O U R SA LES M ILEA G E LIMIT 

*77 C O U G A R 
*77 T H U N D E R B IR D 

B U IC K S 
O L D S C U T L A S S 
O L D S D E LT A R O Y A L E S 

P A C E R S 
G R E M L IN S 

*76 AMC GREMLINS 
*76 AMC PACERS 
*76 CHEVROLET C H E V E T T E HATCHBACK 
*76 HONDA CIVIC bacawie that i all I bove) 

★ INSTANT CASH * 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 
STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
94oo SAN PEDRO 

 r n NICK i >r VI J H 
I 
-fnzr nsn i 733 MAHIAI 

BUDGET RENT A CAR FLEET SALES 
3 3 8 N .E . L O O P 4 1 o 
S A N A N T O N I O , T E X A S 

SEE D O N H A M I FLEET M A N A G E R 
_ 
3 4 9 - 4 4 4 1 

 ab ! ‘73 o n lin e w ith 44.8M m i I H M firm 441 7* 7* 

I W o ve condition I M M 414 41 IO 

*49 L a io b r * C lao o G ood M c e a d car 414-44*7 oft vt lp m 
YnTTOrT^rpM M rri'.” 
13,326 tm l i m 
494 1423 
74 Kogol V *. loaded. D H I mr 
84788 838 7* 26. 411-7*27 
72 bt via rh Custom C oup#, air! 

•OR tm T A lft lf k t iu if l 
ON A WANI AO 
Tnt NUMStp to CAU l l 321 1444 is UU I l l ANO NT a n 

THI ACTION NUMBie t o t IA U kl sui TI 
Pl AC I TOU* WANI AO in iHt im a m N tw i 
CAU 111 1444 

 to* IMI rA lt in a t w ir l 
ON A WANI AO 
(Mi tru M tir IO CAU l l I i i 1444 
I a p p u i AND N I W I 

 eaceiieat condition 
4$4 1361 
T r w v r n r e 

11*1o 

H R C f m 
H T 
CONDIT ION lit * ! 634 1114 needs brake 
45 Wildcat i deal wark Goad fronipartotion 
__________ 
$3o6 

74 Cadillac Brahm Set 
Lika new, w gtruiily 626 o1*7 

BURKE MOTORHOMt 
CENTER 
86oo BROADWAY 
I B L O C K N O R T H L O O P 4 1 o 

• Complete Parts and Service On All 
Makes of Recreational Vehicles • 

STORE HOURS: 8 A.M. to 9 P.M. 
★ NEW RV’s 

NEW 1977 GMC 26' ti,-... ct... a ■ 
Motor Horn*, Cr*om, with E*ig* Interior, 6,ooo 
Watt Power Pion!, 2 loo! Air Conditiontri, Cab 
Air Conditionar, Pow*i lcvtling Syitgm, Crim* 
Control, AM-TM Stereo Tap*, 
. . . 
Many Mort Extras........................... $ 3 5 , 4 o o 
NEW 1977 WINNEBAGO Motor Inn, 27* 
Complete with 5,ooo Watt Owon End Gonorator, 
13,5oo ITU Roof Air Conditionar, • Cubic Et. Air 
Conditionar, Auxiliary Fool 
. _ _ _ 
Tanks, Mony Moro Extras 
$ 1 9 , 9 o o 
NEW 77 GMC Champlain 29’, Sloops 8, (3) air Conditioners, 65oo Watt Powor Plant, 
Microwatt* Oven, Mony 
. . . b tis e 
.................$ 2 7 , 9 o o 
NEW '77 GMC Champlain Sapor logo, 22’, 
[Complot* with Powor Plant, Roof 
* . « . . . 
I Air Condition, Mony Extras............ $ I 9 , 5 o o 
NEW 7 7 WINNEBAGO irov.26 , 

$ 1 8 , 2 o o 
USED RV’s 
7 o TRAVCo 27' Motorhom*, Completely 
WH Contained, with 6,5oo Watt Powor Plant, 2 
Roof Air Conditioners, Many 
#« a a a a 
Other Extras, I Owner .............# I U, O U U 
1973 GMC Motor Homo, 23’, live, with Mao 
Interior, Ona Owner, “EXTRA a . * a a a 
NKE , Mony Extras..................... > I 9 , 9 U o 

1976 SURVEYOR VAN 19 , C a m p ily 
SaH Contained, Including Roof Air Conditioner, 
2o,ooo Milos, Ona Owner, 
# I a A A A 
Mony Ixtles............................... > I U ,9 U U 
1976 DODGE carry-van if , 
2o^)oo Milos, “REAL NKI ............ 

1975 CHEVY PkhUp, VS, Auto­ matic, Air, Powor, Short Wide Bod 
197o VW CAMPMOBIIE pop up top, 

$ 1 , 5 5 o 

'73 MARK IV & 
' S 
" 
' .....‘6195 

'76 CADILLAC 
‘8695 

'73 MARK IV ^ i " T ! . “ ™hT :..’589S 
'74 PONTIAC S S S y jliiS ^ 
‘3195 

'74 OLDSMOBILE 98 ^ t t l i “ .141*5 

'73 CHEVROLET 
‘2495 

'75 CHEV. RttALISU WEN 
127*5, A IR , A U T O M A T IC , V *. 
E X T R A 
C L E A N 
B O O K 
W H O LESA LE 435-144! 
■73 C h a v ro la ! 4 -d o or im p o lo . 
Looded $13*5 best oiler 454 1 ooo 
1*64 Chevrolet im pala, clean, air, au to m a tic tra n s m is s io n , good transportation 14oo 824-2644. 

75 Chevrolet Impala 
4-door, loaded ......................$3**5 
734-4321____________ 
‘ 71 
C h e v ro le t 
K tn g sw o o d 
Statlonwaoon Com e ic e —you'll buy 1o81o Amaine, 341-38B2. 
•73 C h e v ro le t M a lib u V-tt, ou- tom atic, pawer, facto ry a ir, *77 licenie, exceptionally dean, st**! will trode *33 2883_________ 
74 Chevrolet Nova \i-t. automa tic. power factory air, new tires. 
7) license Exception ally dean . 
526*5 Will trode *23 3883 
•44 dheviuiei. Runs good. Auto., 
Oir $4oo 733 *312_______ 
1*65 C h e v ro le i station W agon 
R u m good 
Good tiros. 
$1*5 
435-1441 
______________ 
57 Chevy Bel A ir D riven dally. 
SS SO. Coll 661-2*86______________ 
•71 c H e v V 4 dr Impala Loaded 
Must Sell. SI8oo or best otter. 
532-o4*1________________________ 
73 C H E V Y IM P A L A Wagon 
E x tra clean, new tire s . B E S T 
O F F E R 128-o3o3 eves weekends 
■71 Chevy Impala. Fu lly loaded. like new $1125. 34* o*73________ 
'44 Chevy Impala '44 Ram bler! 
Both tor 53oo Coll 733 >5o4 iv/o Chevy im pala Custom 2-(f<ior hardtop I26-»S6S, 6*6 >o56_______ 
1*74 C h e vy Im p a la C u sto m . 
Loaded l-owner. 
826 *545. 
6*4-8o54 
71 C H E V Y I M P A L A 3 d o or. 
L o a d e d . L ik e new . T akb up p a ym e n ts. M u st a sk ta r Oon 
Holt*. 335 65o1 _____________ 
‘74 C H E V Y M A LIB U Classic 
L O A D E D ' 5285o 
STAH M AN N T R A IL E R SA LES 
IN IO, I Mi. north of Buat ne 
Rf 3 BOX 127 SA Phone 224 2434 
O PEN SU N D AY 12 5 P M. 
T S T auto 

7 6 FORD 
SMALL CARS bronoda, silver, looded 
#134 
4-doff, 
7 5 FORD tS th S r................... 
'76 MG MIDGET 

7 6 CAPRI ll S t e m * * 
4.ooo 

 ltd, 4 door, otr, automatic, 

‘ 4495 Va 

...?4195 y 

.. ‘ 3495 A 

‘ 3895 

‘4495 V 

*29r A 

*3795 ^ 

..‘3795 Ya 
..*3495 y 

*2995 A 

76 MONARCH 1,ooo miles # 1o3 

 t m m r rn n m Cream, V A, automotK. on 
74 CAPRI # 1 3 * .......................... 

'75 MONARCH 55?'..1^.T...... 
'75 MONARCH 
'73 COUGAR XR-7 

7 2 PONTIAC S S T aljT .T ? ..., 

WE’RE REMODELING 

MUST SCU CARS TO 

M AKS ROO M 

7 2 BUICK i r ^ . t T “ 4"” " " ‘ ‘235o 

7 2 CHEVROLET S ' , i t ; X " ‘ 195o 
'73 MERCURY automat'., 
OM. 
^ 
MO, 
7.ooo 
‘225o 

$ 5 , 2 5 o 

$ 3 , 7 5 o 

 mtfes, bk* two 

7 1 FORD Mu*, pow*! ond OM, immoiulait * ‘215o 

•71 PONTIAC S 2n ‘-* * : 
‘ 1425 

'7o BUICK S r.‘^ '. 'T . ‘ .“ 
:“ ..‘ 145o 
’73 BUICK 
‘2625 

7 3 FORD 
I'.r r .* “ :..‘235o 

'74 BUICK ^ 
. r .'a 
« t ; “ . ‘355o 

’74 PONTIAC S 
T 
.t e 
? 
’: ‘3o5o 

I T C W A I U A 4 -oo1 bto<k wn 
/ J V U L Y U wmdoars, automatic I on. tote miles #1641 .......... .......................... tmm m itc u Estot* wogon. white I btown, 
/ ) BUICK fiowei I an 

76 Chevy M alib u powet. git S4ooQ 4*5 1477_______ 
Chevy M alibu ‘74. O rig owner. must sail. Clean, beautiful, warth ssuoo. sacrifice t i m o24 32o5. 
1*75 Chevy Moltbu C IOss~ c doar. loaded o24 *545. 4*4-oo54 
C H E V Y M O N T E C A R L O 1*75 
LA N D A U . Fu ll power W ill help finance Call: Woody 411-1444 
C H E V Y M O N T E C A R L O '74 
I Must soil Will help finance Call. 
I Dick 433 1444___________________ 
1*7$ ^havy M an ia 4 cy i l-sprr<i 
Oir cond o2t-»S65. 4*6-oo54 
! Chevy Nova Coupe 1*75 4 cly, auto. air, vin y l top. tilt wheel. i 14,ooo m iles. Im m a u la le condi- i hon 5335o 735 l l IO or 373 38** 
I 1*73 ch e v y N o v a H a tch b o cb . 
I OOdeu o26 *545, 4*4 oo54_______ r*i*'chevy Nova! runs pood Stoo 
Cob o24 o747 or o3* 12o1 
'4* Chew Nova 6 standard hr vt 
St SO cosh 732 3o34______________ 
'74 Chevy P icku p , fu ll aauges, compar equip o2o-4*44 l i t pm. 
'4* C h a w Wagon J geol. 4 CVI. stand Complete anoine overhaul. 
$475 514 7145___________________ 
•71 C h e w Wapon Needs motor work 55oo Coll 732 444o________ 
Clean 1*74 Used Cars At 
B U D G ET R E N T A CAR 34* 4441 
| l i t N E Loop 41o at Airport Blvd 
Corvair. 1*t6. Auto., good condi 
' hon. togo. 414-1488 W oakdavi atter 
I t a m 
___ 
I 62 d o rva ir M on io , 2 door. stan­ dard. excellent. SoOO >22 *2o1 

1976 Demo Vega 6T 
H A T C H B A C K D eluxe seotbelts, 
1 tinted olm s, swtno out windows, 
Boor mots. body side molding, air 
I conditioned. 5 speed tran sm is- 
I sien C o m fo rtilt w heel, pow er j steering A-78 w hile letter tires. 
' A M push bu Mom rad io Deluxe b u m p e rs and cu sto m in te rio r i SA LE P R IC E 
.................. $42*7 
I Jomi*on M lrt Seguin, 333 5781 
•71 4 door chevy, os ii $8oo 
337*142. 
_________ i 48 IM PA LA , out*, powor. an C l. 
! Stop >28-6*17 
: 4* IM PALA, claan. auto 327 V>. 
OOI savor. $875 674 3o43 
I '/tt im p a la , I c v l One ow ner, 
| 81,5*5 Atter 4PM. 133 *114______ 
*7l IM PA LA 4 d a o T load. J Very 

333 154* 
73 H iR D T O P 

 t m rn m f Catfall Satan J door, hotOiop. t*tt I 
/ J U LU ) whit* oowt' tt Ok. 

‘545o 

‘455o 

‘435o tv* r u t u v rio,,on 
F*"*r 
/N VntVT windows, po**' letting, ap pkque udei 
355o 
7o Used Cor* to Choose From 

Sloops 4, Extra Toet, k e u iN k g ................... 

IO YEAR 
HNANGNG 
ON AU CLASS 
“A” MOTOR 
HOMES. 

I YEA! 
FINANCING 
ON MINI 
MOTO! 
HOMES 

 ctean, best buy $15*5 
IMS BRO ADW AY 
(M F a LA 7 door 
Loaded W ill help fin an ce. Na money down. 
COM: 
Woody. 
413-1444 i i IM P A L A , loaded Like new 
Low mileage Take up payments 
M alt a ik tor Don Halts. 725 6561 
48 Impala stator goad. body ta fair condition $466 *33-1515. 

73 IMPALA SEDAN 
4 door a u to m a tic, a ir. pow or steering, powar brakes. A real mea fam ily car E xtro claan SIM* 
H E M P H ILL M CCO M BS 
FO RD SOUTHSIDE 
1*61 5 W M ilitary *72-4317 
1*77 Impala suo.i C u.,p.- I midej. 
N E A T 
C L E A N a a a s a n o b le 
Atter 5 I# I Pleasanton) I 54* 2457 
Im pala $iui>un Wogon '74. com plelciy oaauiped S1266 731 7226, 
1161 San Francisco 
71 K lN G iw O O O Wogon. loaded 
Runs, looks portoct t il* ! 
111! BRO ADW AY_______ 223 1 54* 
/o a .ngwood itoiiunwogun a u d 
V» air c ilia (leon sd I *4*8 
Leaving Iowa,' must sell tost. ‘48 
Chev aile, V-8. auto. $4o6 454 2481 if M a h b u " 

' 7 7 
NEWPORT 

 repairs. Call 
A ir , naads 
333-2154 

T t— 
JTttb i l'l. a a— r o u p i 
D E V IL L E , loodad. 1,868 m iles. under w arranty 5»,775 838 2577 
OI OT4 617* 
T r a g i U A e ta u p e fte V iTTe 
Fu lly eauipped. like new condi­ tion A truly beautiful car. la sa#. cub m 2513 
47 Cadillac Coupe C alais. I P F 
Cob I 484 3834________________ 
•Ti Cadillac Coupe beVtlla excel tent cond SI**! 4*4 4158 
T ( udiltuc Coupe OeVillgTFuUv loaded L ik e new '77 lice n se 
Si**! Will trade *33 2885 

BURKE MoToRHoME CENTER INC. 
S6oo Broodway-Block North loop 41o 
5 1 2 - 8 2 8 * 9 1 3 4 

B B S I 

* 7 o 7 9 

2 door hardtop tilt and telescope wheel auto speed control. A U EM 8 track star 
•o. This Demo on Special! Stk #N71o2 

Th* H o * - 
, 

JA CK RIEGER 
C M * V i n * P LY M O U TH 

 r n m w r n C M K U C 

58oo SAN PEDRO 
73241211 

• ll C A D ILL A C 4 door, I owner, very met, law im S24*5 *34 4644 
75 C A D ILLA C ELD O R AD O 
R oiew aad with whit* v ia y l hoi fag! Cruise control, nm fin tiara*. tape dock, tilt wha*!. OH pawer options, new tire s ! L ik e now l 
Must Solti S4»sq 834-8681_______ 
'n c od .I I o f t i Dor ado^ aa varTF blo F u lly leaded C a lla c ta r s 
Kam i SM M U t 2353 

76 CADILLAC FLEETWOOD 
BRO UO H M 516 256-142 1*42 

 am $3666 734-4113, * to 5 

76 CADILLAC FLEETWOOD 
BROUGHAM $16,236 142 1643 rn mm 

‘74 Caug* Deville, bm* or cen and while, I*.BM mi. Cast $***« Sell 
54366 7)36863 
I'dti (A D H LAC, (ika new. low mileage $7666 4S7 IMI 
7 ) Cadillac Sedan Deville 
4* 666 mi S4IS8 4711336 
74 £m p * deVilie loaded, very 
Ciega, $7756 626 *256, l-B** 264! jtlodiJigc, lYFl. Sedan Dev life law mileage. Ilk* new. Must Sob I ta 5 weekdays M I 1224 
*74 COUPE DE VILLE 
Leaded. I awner, low mi 124-4o6o ! 

1*74 Cadillo! Sedan Deville Load lad. While lee 2 2 3 ) 1 4 4 _______ 

IN THC U M I !! NIWI 
CAU 7 35 16o6 

/33 CBHILAC 

7 4 C u u S "d e T u !rT !h d I^ c S u i^ tao on w m ta. w ith w hite and brown interior, lauded $44*4. Coil 
343-7423 ar W H 23________ 
71 COUM Do V illa Too many ex fra t ta m e n tion‘ 41,E M m ilos. 
44166 Extra doom >3S 6563 

 t i mn m m 
Only 3,o66 mi , OH luxurious ap 
.Poth tm Mils 733-6o74 
----- 

1976 MALIBU CLASSIC 
I door C O U P E Autom atic, o ir, ymyt root E xtra clean and law mileage ......................... 
$468* 
H E M P H ILL M CCOM AS 
FO RD SOUTHSIDE 
1*61 S W M ilita ry *22 6517 
71 M IL IE U . I door Tiofdtop air automatic, powor peering. SI7*5 
Cob 638-55IL 
't i M alibu. 2-dr., iaad*d. clean 
I i; >** mit** ***** 448-2555 
'73 Malibu Siaiion N nod 
Arr, power ....................,...V » I* 5 
____________734-4321 
MONTE C A R LO , 1*74 Like new 
S3IBB. 664-SII 3 _______ 
71 Manta (e rie , fully iou dei. bast 
I ottei 434 6875 
I '77 Manta C a rl* , leaded, good 
I condition East offer 734 1**3 
% Menu Carle landau 
LO AD ED On* Owner 51,**!- 
1 
554 3*61 or 534 IIVI 

1 

74 W a t t Carlo, must sail S3t*5 gr bas* oH»r 3444764 
_ 

Mum* lu ll# '74 Or to owner must sail E x c e p iio n g iiy clean V ary tgw mites 82E-4344______________ 
7! M O N T E C A R L O silver. A M 
,F M . gawer, air, cruise, soar aet, 
H t t i ™ otter * 
I '71 ftftONTE C A R L O s! powar, air, 
I S3.»56 235 IIM ar 735 13*1. ask tar 
/Au th im 
; 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- 
N 
E 
W 
S 
B 
O 
N 
U 
S 
A 
O 
S 
2 
4 * h m h t 
LINES 

S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. . . 
I O b a y s 
# 

NO N COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o 743AUToMo8ILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
734 CHEVROLET 

2 1 
Dependable 

U S E D CA R S 
NORTH 
STAR 
SPECIALS 

Dependable 

U S E D C A R S 

’76 DODGE DART der, 
Au tomotk, 
Air, 
P o w e r Steering. * 9 9 2 4 

7 6 DODGE ASPEN i C ylin der*1* 9*946 

’75 DODGE DART 6 Cylinder, Autorn 
Power Steering, *42141 

4 Door, Au 

'3575 

'435o 

"’">3375 

'71 PIY MOUTH VALIANT tomotic, Air. . . . . 
6 Cylinder, *166A 
I J J U 

75 PLYMOUTH DUSTER Automatic, ^ '^ o o r n 
Pow e r Steering, * 9 9 4 1 
J 
I J U 

’76 PLYMOUTH GRAN FURY 
9 Passenger, loaded, tlecbic Seats - Windows 
Automatic, Power Steering, *9961 

'75 DODGE CORONET « £ ” >Tm 
Miles, loaded. Automatic, Air, Power Steering. 
*119141 

5995 

3425 

’74 CHEVY PICK UP 
Air, *8o71 

1/2 
Ton 
C u sto m 
Delu«e, 
A u to m a tic,'3175 

;« M onte c a rlo , m u s t se ll. M IP S . o r b es! offer 344-o2o4 
____________ 

736 DODGE 
737 I 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

M o n te C a rlo 7*. O rig . o w n e r m u tt se ll 
E x c e p t io n a lly c le a n , v e r y low m ile s 828 6244 
■75 M O N T E C A R L O S ilv e r , A M 
F M , pow er, a ir, c r u is e , su n ro o f , 
22,ooo m i WO 9856 Ofter 6 _________ 

■7o D o d g e P o lo r o W a g o n 9 b o ss,. clean , a ir, i l l *995 <53 3 s 17 

19 4 5 
D o d g e 
P o l o r o w o n o n 
9 p a s s e n g e r 
P o w e r . a i r . 53 5 o 
532-7494 

NORTH STAR D O D G E 
7 2 4 2 San Pedro 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 7 

F R 
I E 

1 
9 
7 
7 lic e n se T o gs 
W ith P urchase 

 g 
X 
B 
U 
I 
C 
K 

’2895 

*2895 

.. Automatic, on, beautiful silver 
74 MUSTANG ll color special 

 i - j A r u t w n n i t T 
Impala 
4 door, nulomatic, air, 
/ 4 L n l V K U L t I power low miles, beautiful cor 

• T i l D I ii/ * 1/ N®c,ro liiblted 4 dr oil power, air, beautiful 
_ _ _ 
14 BUICK upholstery, tike new. moi bargain 
4 2 9 5 

, _ . 
_ _ 
Silverado pickup, very low m ileage.. . 
_ 
7 6 CHEVROLET looks i.ke new * a 3ooo a 
*4795 

• T C D I H r IT C*ntury l o x * hardtop, coupe, automatic, 
75 BUICK an, power thoroughly reconditioned 
* A 2 6 I9 » 
‘3795 

, _ . r / N r i_ I ISO pickup, stondord, on, power steering. 6' 
. _ , 
76 T U R D wide bed. 4 ooo ortuol miles 
'4 4 9 5 

Delia 88 sedan automatic, on, 

7 1 O L D S tutone color double checked 

 r u r u D m t v 
,8uP*. automatic, on 
Jo CHtVKOlcT power original throughout 

• 
B i l l e t / Plv|f'o . outomatic, on, power, Buick s finest 
73 BUICK sport cor *6 6 7 S A 

 pow er mc.• * | 9 9 5 

4395 

3695 

. Coupe Deville a real nice car, fully . . 
_ 
/ 5 CADILLAC equipped thoroughly double checked 
6 6 9 5 

• T O n D C I * olly* Coup* 
72 OPEL leal sharp 
Yellow finish, automatic, air, 
*1595 

>7 4 . C t l i m toupe- 9°°^ <o*m ' wtitbm ofion. on, 
76 BUICK automatic, power, sharp 
4 9 9 5 
SPIRES-DO UG LAS BU ICK 
5o1 BROADWAY A ORIN EVENINGS A 226-1369 

75 M O N T E C A R L O S. p o w e r, oir, 
153,95o 225-31 It o r 735-1394, a s k tor 
Al 
~_________________________________ 
74 M o n te C a r lo L o n d o n 
F u ll y landed, b u c k e t se a ts, ste re o tone 
N e e d s Slight w o rk , 52495 W ill to ke trod e 599-o294 

72 M onte C a rlo F u lly lo a d e d , tilt wheel. A M P M . N e w c o n d 52195. 
WHI la k e tro d e 499 o294 

76 M o n t e C o r lo L a n d a u 
F u ll y 
! loaded, C r u is e C o n tro l, e x c e lle n t con d O w n e r 54715 >26 2276 

J} M O N T E C A R L O 
L ik e new I Lo o rte d 224 6956 

72 M o n te C o rlo . F u lly e q u ip p e d 
E x t r a cle a n D r iv e s n ic e ! 435-1441 need c o sh 51645 

74 M o n te C a rlo p o w e r, o ir E x t r a nice O n ly 5)595 337 3668 
'73 MONTE CARIO S2895 
O n e ow ne r nir. p o w e r 736-4321 

■74 M o n te C a rlo , o n ly 6 m o old, 19 m i gal gds, 54375, 492 2747 

NEIN 76 CHEVETTE 
2 -d o o r, t in te d g l o s s , s w i n g o u t w indow s, b o d y sid e m o ld in g , d o o r e d g e g u a r d s 
R e m o t e c o n t r o l sp o rt m ir r o r s A u to w h e e l c o v e r s , w h ite w a lls , p u s h b u t t o n r a d io , c u s t o m in t e r io r , w ith o ir c o n d i­ tio n in g So le P r ic e 
S376o 
J a m iso n M o t o rs , S e g u in 223-52o1 

1976 NEW MONZA 
TOWN COUPE 
C o lo r k e y belts, tin te d g la s s , floor m o ts, b o d y s id e m o ld in g , d o o r e d g e g u o r d s , w h e e l o p e n i n g m o ld in g , a ir c o n d it io n e d , s p o r t m ir r o r s , 4 3. V t e n g in e 
H y d r o m otlc, p o w e r ste e rin g , s p o r t s SU sp o n sio n B R 7 8 sle e t ro d io ls . w hite w a lls , A M p u s h b u t t o n r a d io , sp o rt e q u ip m e n t 
S A L E 
P R IC E 
54454 
J A M IS O N M t r s S e g u in . 223 52o1 

’76 NEW VEGA GT 
H A T C H B A C K , tin te d g la s s , s w in g out w in d o w s, b o d y sid e m o ld in g , o ir co n d itio n e d , 5 -sp e e d is t r a n s ­ m is s i o n 
P u s h b u t t o n r a d i o 
O e L u x e b u m p e rs . S A L E P R I C E 
54o29 
J A M IS O N M t r s S e g u in 223 52o1 

N IC E C L E A N . 
71 C h e v y M o n te 
Corlo, m o k e s otter 736 1861 

69 N O V A 6 c y l , a u to , a ir, R u n s 

1972 D o d g e S w in g e r 
V 8 a u t o m otic, 579 5 , 923 6 336_________________ 
'71 P O L A R A 2 d r h a r d t o p c p s tom . v e r y nice. 69.ooo m ile s A s k m g lig h tly 51395 458 3159___________ 

67 P O L E R A . G o o d c o n d ito n 55oo 
699-1745 Otter Spin___________________ 

•68 P o l o r o 
L o a d e d 
E x c e l l e n t c o n d i t io n 
5 5 9 5 o r b e s t o f t e r . 
2 7 _ J 5 9 6 7 J J a m j 6 p m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

737 
I 

7 6 FORD LTD 
- 
Station Wagon 

Power, oir conditioning. 

Luggag e Rack. 
O ne ow ner. 
* 4 6 2 5 
Call loel Murray 
824-7311 Days 
349-1962 E v e n in a ^ j| 

I 
I 

! 
I 

BANK REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A I L A B L E 
T a k e up p a y m e n ts w ith Q u a lifie d c re d it 
A p p lic a t io n s a c c e p te d b y p h o n e N a a p p lic a tio n r e fu s e d 
M R 
E A R L _________________227 1415 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
S o n A n to n io 
C o ll 
227 o86o 

C le a n '69 M u s t a n g 3o2 V S. auto.. p o w e r s t e e rin g 5)o95 4 3 3 -M 43. 

• COBRA FORD • 
P o w e re d D U N E B U G G Y 
T IO. 4 s p e e d , h e a d e r s 
N e w t ir e s a n d w h e e ls 
V e r y 1 s lic k " , a n d v e r y fa st 5 )7o o firm S e r io u s in q u ir ie s o n ly 922 2741 A s k tor J o c k J r 

72 C o u n t r y S a u ir e W a a o n 
C o ll 
422 7oo1 
633 o522 
______________ 
69 F A IR L A N E 5oo F R a ir. oulo, p o e r s t e e r i n g e x t r e m e l y n ic e th ro u g h o u t 51195 
11)5 B R O A D W A Y _________ 223 1549 

F L E E T P R I C E S 1 o n n e w L T D S a n d F O R D T R U C K S 
F i n a n c i n g A v a i l a b l e 
C a l l M r 
D o u g h e rty . D L R 349 6594_________ 

66 M u s t a n g slig h t b o d y d a m a g e , g o o d r u n n in g c o n d itio n . S 3 o o o r b e st o ffe r 
A fte r 4 o r w e e k e n d s 
494-5461._______________________________ 
'7 4 M u s t a n g It . V 4 . a i r , a u t o , b r o m e w ith l a n d a u v i n y l fo p . 
3 4 .o o o m i 
6 5 4 6 4 1 4 a f t 
5 JO w e e k d a y s o r oft U A M w e e k e n d s. 

65 M u s t a n g VS. a u to m a tic . C a ll 
734-8432 a fte r 5 p m. 
_______________ 

'72 M u s t a n g V t o u to a ir 
V e r y g o o d c o n d itio n 484-49o9 

44 ’ ) M u s t a n g . V t. 3 s p d . g o o d c o n d itio n 58oo 653-8oo4_____________ 

■76 P IN T O . 52675 
C a ll 
226-o291 

"73 P in to 2 doo r, au to 
824 1354, 927 72*1 

'7 6 P I N T O 2 d o o r , l o o d e d 
I o w n e r 
W ill f i n a n c e 
2 2 5 - 6 7 7 7 d a y s , 826 5394 e ve s______________ 

AUTO 
IDEALS * 
W 

‘SO O S 
•SOOS 

S T O S 

2 3 9 5 

•TS VON 11 « » to iBndou 
-74 U N K I I<»'• O*)™ 
7 4 GAI Sill SOO mop., kit Mw 
'7 4 CHIVY Mofcbu Hatton 
Wog#n, OO4. -I 
■74 PONTIAC Catalin*, ton l*« an 
‘2 2 9 1 a a a a a • 

(CONOAAY SPECIALS! 
■7S M tM t l 
It#*. ‘2 3 9 5 
■TS 
M H U 
‘2 1 9 5 
■74 
SUNH BUW 
‘1 9 9 5 
■74 GAIMMN, Handoff 
‘I 3 9 5 
•73 VIG4 GT 
’ 8 9 5 
■67 GOOG!. 6 uondaid 
1 * 9 5 

* HAonv mony more tors to (boose horn Vt Open Eves III 9 P M 6 

3oo3 S.W MILITARY 

922 27o 3 
92A DEAL 

742 PoRT!AC 

746 • TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 746 TRUCKS 6 COMMERCIAL 

■47 F i r e b i r d 
A u t o , a ir , p o w e r g o o d c o n d itio n 595o 494 2)58 m n 
TRAILERS BUSES 
TRAILERS BUSES 

75 FIREBIRD FORMULA 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , m u st se e to a p p r e c ia t e , lo a d e d 
51,795 
C a l! 
657-3712 b e fo re 4 p m o r 658-5658 a fte r 4 _____________ 

■49 F ir e b ir d , n e w tire s . H u r s t 4 sp e e d , r u n t goo d, g o o d co n d itio n 
673 5112 

'74 G r a n d P r ix . 38,ooo m i p o w e r s t e e r in g , b r a k e s , w in d o w s , o ir , n e w tire s a n d s h o c k s E x c e lle n t 8 f r o c k 5375o 458 7547 

•72 G R A N O P R I X m o d e l J. m in i c o n d i t io n , lo w m il e s 
5 2 o o o . 
623-37o5 

G R A N O P R I X S 1973 a n d 1972 
E x t r a c le a n 
C o m e in a n d m a k e o n o ffe r C o ll 
W o o d y 433 1464 

1973 G r a n d P r ix S J L o o d e d E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 53 OOO 923 3987 

'72 G R A N D V I L L E 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity 
C o ll C re d it M a n a g e r , 349 6948 

'7 5 G r a n P r ix L J 
F u lly lo a d e d 
554oo 684 3293 e v e n in g s___________ 

THE VAN SUBSTITUTE 
LOOK BEFORE YOU BUY A VAN CONVERSION! 

• Self-Contained 

•A \ 
• Sleeps Six 

• Running Waler 

• No larger Than 

A Van! 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY 

M o b i l e 
T r a v e l e r 
8 2 4 - 3 2 4 8 

1 8 5 

34.ooo m ile s P o w e r, air 
736 4321 

76 P in t o M P G . 3 d r. R u n a b o u t 
18.ooo m ile s, m o n y e x t r a s . 5345o 
I 663 4996 ___________________ _ 

739 MERCURY 

1974 P I N T O I o w n e r 
826 9565, 696 8o56 
L o o d e d 

C u s t o m 
435 1641 
74 FORD $1895 d o o r , a i r . p o w e r 

P in t o '7 6 R u n a b o u t r e o o 
14,ooo m ile s 
A ir . 4 -s p e e d 
V e r y n ic e . 
P o y oft 52849 o r b e st o ffe r G E I C O 
1247 N E L o o p 4)o____________________ 

P R E M I U M C A R S 
W H O L E S A L E P R I C E S 
1974 M e r c u r y M o r a u is B r o u g h a m 
4 d o o r . H o s e v e r y t h i n g 
W i l l tro d e 
S ie v e s A u to S o le s 828 45o7 

•75 G r a n P r i x 
R e a ll y l o a d e d ' 
S u n r o o f , D o w e r se a ts , w in d o w s 
A M - F M 8 fro c k p lu s 27 oth e r op l i o n s 
W a y u n d e r B o o k P r i c e 
456 8984 

75 X L T f u lly lo a d e d , in c l u d in g 
C B , low m ile o a e , e x c e lle n t c o n d i 
Hon, n e w tires. 655 5878 

73 E l C a m i n o 
L o o d e d . O n e 
O w n e r 
5285o 
223 J81S oft 
6, 
492- 26Q9 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

B e n e lli m o d e R iv e r s id e 4 eve Ii 
25oCC T o u n n q 
28SO o d m ile s e x c e lle n t c o n d 
A re a l b a r g a in at 
S4oo! 
696 2226 
Oft 
4. a n y t im e w k e n d s ______________________________ 

B M W a c c e s s o r ie s W ix o m b o g s box. lu g g o g e ra c k 521o 922 6 t8 l 

71 B M W 7SoC C E x c e lle n t M u s t 
S E L L ' 457 o659 822 o451 

__________— 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ________75 B M W 6oo Ct 
F u l ly d r e s s e d 
• Ii r s o u u I a 
* na i nn 
. w ith V etter b lue m a x ta rin g C o ll 
72 C h e v y L B V a n 
A M F M , C u s o .7 ] F O R D M o n P ic k u p . v8 o u lo . Jln ) t S 4 (.39o lorn m fftrtnr 
A ir no say ti ro c non/f ■ 
- . 
...» 
"ill 
Z~ 
„ ^ 
71 B M W R I O 6 
21 OOO m i l e s 
o11 q 1 n ti I o w n e r lik e n e w b e s t 
O tte r o r t r a d e t o r c l e a n V W 
342 6635 otter 5 p m __________________ 
64 B M W R 6 o o r ig in a l c o n d itio n 
59oo or offer 226 4o74 

4 WHEEL DRIVE 
P I C K U P 
1973 In t e r n a t io n a l 
A u to pow e r. Oir 
52195 
736 4321 

7o W h it e C a b O v e r , 25o C o m rn m g s w it h to s p e e d 
R o a d 
R a n g e r, t!35 M a r c h 923-7491 

’73 CMN PRIX S2859 
*’*’ 
S P w m s M -g u 

'72 G R A N P R I X S J 
Im m a c u la te , g e ttin g m a rrie d , tilt w h e e l, a m tm , a ir. p o w e r s te e r m g 924 1612 e v e s w e e k e n d s 

F o r d * , ton p ick u p . 34o V 8 air, 
1974 C h e w L u v P ic k u p , sto n d o rd . a u to , c a st iro n tool b o x . n e w P a in t r a d io , a ir , top c o n d it io n 
52.475 
5165o 917 W M u l b e ir v 736 4o78 

— 
— 7--------— --------- 
74 F o r d 1 ton p ic k u p A u to a ir 
1 9 6 9 C H E V Y p i c k u p 
V I, a i r , oUM fu e i r o o k s c a m p e r c o v e r p o w e r 5675 655 844o 
69o 1549 
__________________________ 
58 C H E V Y P ic k u p . 6. s t a n d a r d 
3o9 W e st P o p la r 
'7 o F o r d ' } ton p ic k u p 
N e w en qine, n e w lir p s 585o 654 653o 

197o F o r d C u sto m , a ir. g o o d c o n dition 56oo 341 731 3________________ 

'7 o F o r d D e l u x e L T O w a g o n 
L o o d e d B a r g a in 1 5 1 )o o 496-o771 
7o F O R D G A L A X IE S 
5695 
A ir, p o w e r s t e e rin g C o ll 434 745o 

5995 
'7| F o r d G a la x ie , ? d o o r. auto. a ir 
C o r in r e a lly g o a d c o n d itio n C o ll 
R i c k 
H o o d o r 
F r e d 
B a r o n , 
341 5571 ___________ 
_____________ 

•7o f o r d g a l a x i e 5oo. o r ig in a l o w n e r, e x c e lle n t r u n n in g c o n d i 
(ion. n e e d s so m e b o d y w o rk . 5625. 
34 1 4 5 39_______________________________ 

72 F O R D G A L A X I E 575o C A L L 
341 2766 Ofter 7 P M ___________ _ 

■68 F o r d G a la x ie SOO 
2 d r h a r d 

$995 
P I N T O S E D A N , a u t o m a t ic a n d a ir . t e r m s a v a il a b l e , c a ll R i c k 
H o o d or F r e d B o ro n . 341-6571 

73 P in t o S q u ir e s l a t i o n w a g o n , lik e n e w A uto. Oir. 5185o 449 127S otter 5pm 

74 P I N T O S q u ir e W a g o n , s la m 
H ard. oir. ro d ia i tire s, 5219S. C a ll 
M o n u e l 341 9433 
_ 

73 PINTO SQUIRE WGN 
A ir. w o o d g r a in s id e s V e r y c le a n g o ld c o r 51595 435 1441 

S a c r if ic e d u e to d iv o rc e '7 4 C o o a o r X R 7, A M F M s t e r e o , o i r , 
548 95 C a ll b e tw e e n 5 a n d 6 p m 
337 6 o 4 5 ______________________________ 

•74 G R A N P R I X V E R Y S H A R P ! 
A u to . oir, A M F M stereo, low m i le a g e 
53595. 732 8423 S a t . S u n o n ly ___________________________________ 

68 C H E V Y P ic k u p , ’n Io n 
V S 
;o F O R D M o n 4 sp e e d V8. b lu e s t a n d a r d , fa c to ry o ir, Sta h l u tility 
.jo n n 661 4511 b o d y 
1 1 5o3 R e v e r i e ( A i r p o r t 
-------------------------------------- 
P o r k ) 8 4 p m 342 31o5 d a y s 
F O M D 

75 C h e v y P ic k u p . lo o d e d 333 9742 to n 
F u l l y 

 ton. 4 sp e e d , 525oo c a ll Jim , 661 4511________________ _ 

‘7o B S A 65o cc L ig h t n in g , lo w m ile a ge . 565o 142 7922 
___ 
C h o p p e r , H o n d a 45o , lo t s o f c h r o m e , c u s t o m p a in t , lo w m ile a g e 927 6o46. 923 3 5 4 6 
_ 

C R 25o H O N D A E ls in o r e 
E i r e ! lent co n d itio n 
1974 L o w m i 555o 
655 1325 

74o OLDSMOBILE 

■7t O T O 
Air, o u to . 4oo CU m ile a g e , d e s! offer 69o o795 low 

59 C h e v y P i c k u p 327. A M F M d u a l e x h a u s t 435 9982 

 g r e a t' 5695 S e e at 3519 G ra n t , 1o lo p 
B o d y e x c e ll e n t ^ r e a r a i r a m 12 n oo n__________________________ 
‘ J o c k s. in t e r io r p e r f e c t 
5 17 5 

N o v a ‘74, 2 d o o r " p o w e r ste e rin g , ' 
- -------------- ---------------------------------- a u to . nir, n e w h ie s . re c e n t tune up 525oo 684 51o2 a tte r 5pm 

•72 T B > rd 
E x c e lle n t c o n d it io n , new tire s, 52295 824 1356____________ 
'76 T B I R D 
F u lly lo a d e d , silv e r, b u r g u n d y le a th e r in t e r io r 
W ir e w h e e ls 
12.ooo m ile s 
1 1 2 9 5 
W ill to ke tro d e 499 o294. 
64 T B I R D I o a k s a n d r u n s g o o d 
N e w t ire s 5795 658 97oo 

U U U 
I N T R O D U C I N G 
LE CAR RENAULT R5 

7o N o v o 4 d r. 6 cyl., s t a n d ex cellent co n d 51ooo 349-o52o_______ 

63 N o v o ll 6 cyl, au to , r u n s goo d, goo d tires, b o d y 53oo 69o 11o6 

'74 N O V A SS 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e q u ity . 
Col) C re d it M a n a g e r . 349-6948 

 j 71 N o v o S fd , 3o7, a ir. to o cond! 
! h on 51475 826 1626_________________ 

I s N o v a 
V 8 , 359, a i r , b u c k e t se p ts N ic e b u y , 5195o 533 85o6 

75 N o v o 
V S, c ir 
C l e a n ' 24,OOO m ile s 53)oo 347 759Q_______________ 

T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t s o n '74 N o v a 
Call 222-oV86 a s k F o r D e n n is otter 
I 654 432)________________________ 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n t s o n 'T S 
C o m o r o C a l l 222 o 9 8 6 a s k f o r 
D e n n is afte r 8 
656 4321____________ 

1973 V e g a 2 d o o r c o u p e s t ic k shit! 5795 923-6336 
____________ 

74 V e g a E s ta te W a g o n 
A ir. low m ile a g e C o ll 
826 5o76 

-j 1973 V e g a E s t a t e W a g o n 
A u t o to cto ry a ir 5995 923-4336 

74 V E G A G T . o n . a m tm 
J new j tire s 534 5 1 3 6_________________ _ 
74 V e g a H a t c h b a c k , o u to . a ir , 
5145o Colt 653 9715 Oft 6 p m 
A u t o 

72 FORD GALAXIE S1195 
4 D O O R 
A IR , A l C O N D I T I O N 
_____________ 435 1641________________ 

'67 F o r d G a la x y a u to , a ir. v e r y d e a n 575o, 732-8423 S a t-S u n on iv. 
________________________ 

T B ir d . p o w e r s t e e l i n g o n d b r a k e s , ste re o N e e d s m in o r re- p a ir s 56oo 656 6493 

PERFORMANCE 

T h e c o r w ill n o t b o re y o u D u r in g 1 9 7 6 , it t o o k first in its 

 c la s s in 1 2 o u t o f 1 6 ra c e s, b e a t in g H o n d a s , D a t s u n s , 

P in t o s , V e g a s , T o y o t a s o n d F ia ts 
G r e a t p e r f o r m a n c e , 

 p lu s 4 1 M P G h ig h w a y , 2 5 M P G c ity , a c c o r d in g to E P A 

 t e s t s 
* R e m e m b e r 
T h e se m ile a g e f ig u r e s a r e e s tim a t e s 

T h e a c y l a l m ile a g e y o u g e t w ill v o t y d e p e n d in g o n the 

 t y p e o f d r iv in g y o u d o , y o u r d r iv in g h a b it s , y o u r c a r s 

 c o n d it io n a n d o p t io n a l e q u ip m e n t 

L e C a r by R e n a u lt o 
BROUGHTON M O TO RS 
2 13o AUSTIN HW Y. 
655-o241 

74 v e g o H o t c h b a c k 
A u t o a ir, j 
7? plates, c te o n , SU S Q . 533-337o. 
76 NEW VEGA GT 
H A T C H B A C K , tin te d g la s s , sw in g out w in d o w s, b o d y s id e m o ld in g a ir c o n d itio n e d , 5 s p e e d is Ir o n s 
I m is s io n 
P u s h b u tto n r a d io 
D e 
L u x e b o o m e r s S A L E 

J A M I S O N M t r s S e g u in 773 S l ut 
N I C E C L E A N . '71 C h e v y M a rn e 
C o rlo , m a k e s o tte r 736-1861 
____ 
49 N O V A 4 c y l , a u to , a ir. R u n s g r e a t ' 5495 S e e at 3519 G ra n t, IO a rn .-ti n o o n 
N o v o . ‘76. 2-do or p o w e r ste e rin g . auto , a ir, n e w tire s, re c e n t tu n e 
UP 525oo 684 5 )o2 a tte r 5p m 

'7o N o v a 
4 d r, 6 cyl., s t a n d ex cellent c o n d 51ooo 349 o52o 

4J N o v o ll 4 c y l, a u to , r u n s good. go o d tires, b o d y 53oo 49o 11o6 

*74 N O V A SS 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e q u ity . 
Coll C re d it M o n u g e r , 349 6/48 

■71 N o v a Std 
3o7, a ir. to p co n d i h o n 51475 826 1626__________________ 

■73 N o v a 
V S . 3 5 o a i r b u c k e t se a ts N ic e b u y , 6195o 513 85o6 

'75 N o v a 
VB. a ir 
C l e o n ' 74.ooo m ile s 631oo 34 2 7 5 9 o _______________ 

: T a ke o v e r p a y m e n t s o n 7 4 N o v a 
C oll 277 o986 a s k F o r D e n n is atte r 
I 456 4121__________________________ 

T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s o n 
75 
C o m o r o C a l l 2 7 2 o 9 8 4 a s k t o r 
D e n n is o tte r > 
654 -4 J2 I 
1971 V e g o 2 d o o r c o u p e s t ic k shift S7V» 923 6134___________________ 
7 4 V e g o E s ta te W a g o n 
A ir. low m ile a g e C o ll 
824 5o74 

1973 V e g a E s t a t e W a g o n 
A u to lo c to ry a ir 6995 971-6336 

 i 7 5 F o r d G r a n a d a 4 d o o r, low m r j le a g e 
A M T M s t e r e o t a p e 
A ir , j e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
E x t r a c a r m u st se ll! 63795 o r 626oo o n d ta k e up p a y m e n t s o f 6 7 3 SO p e r m o 
654 7o69 oft 5pm 
__________________ 

74 F o r d G r o n T o rin o B r o u g h a m , 
V I. a u t o m a t ic , p o w e r , f a c t o r y 
; o ir new r o d ia i tire s. 7 7 lic e n se 
L i k e n e w 
5 2 6 9 5 
W il l t r a d e 
923 7 8 8 J _______________________________ 

 j 19/2 F o l d L T O B r o u a h o m . a ir , 
) pow e r, o n e o w n e r, e x c e lle n t c o n ­ dition 51 695 821 1435. 735 HOO 

7o F o r d L T D B r o u g h a m , V 8, a u tom otic. D ow er fa c t o r y a ir V e r y i lo w m il e a g e 
'7 7 l i c e n s e 
E x c e p t io n a l ly c le a n s i l t s W ill trod e 923 788)________________________ 

7 1 F O R D L T D b v o w n e r 
L o a d od. C r u is e control, t r u n k re le a se , r e a r w in d o w d e fro ste r, n e w tire * 
E x c e p t io n a lly c le a n 
57495 
1o115 
S u n flo w e r (C o llie H ills ) 

~ ’73 FORD LTD COUPE 
A M E M ste re o , D o w e r s t e e r in g p o w e r b r o k e s 
A u t o m a t ic , a ir 
O re tm m eta llic, w h ite v in y l lop 
67589 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
E O R D S O U T H S I D E 
19o1 S W M ilit a r y 922 6317 

7 5 T B ird . S ilv e r o n S ilv e r ta n d o u root. 517.5oo m i S l.SO O -e a u ity o n d a s s u m e loon. 828-6197, 9 to 5 

7 7 T H U N D E R B I R D fu lly lo a d e d . m o o n ro o t 333-3o77._________________ 

7 2 T h u n d e rb ird , lo a d e d lo w m e leage, p e rfe ct 529oo 341 5824 

74 T H U N D E R B I R D 
B y o w n e r clean , lo a d e d R e o d y to s e l l ' G o o d b u y 342 4o44 otter 5 ________________ 

197* T H U N D E R B I R D f u lly lo a d c d '' 826-9565, 496 8o56_______________ 

7o T H U N D E R B I R D 
H a s a ll the g o o d ie s 
D r iv e s p e r fe c t 5994 full p r ic e 435 1641_________________________ 

75 *• ton F o r d P ic k u p , c a b a n d 
I c h a s s is , low m ile a g e . 6 29 95 C a ll 
828 5511________________________________ 

 i 
75 TORINO $2195 
C le a n 4 d oo r, oir. p o w e r 435 1441 

W IN D O W V A N 69 F O R D 
514 F U T U R E O R __________ 

7o C u t la s s , a ir, p o w e r, h ig h m i le age , re c e n t o v e rh a u l 496 2578 

7 o C u t lo s s 
B o d y d a m a g e n e w 
I r o n s , g o o d tire s 5525 737 3397 

1971 C U T L A S S , 51725 
___________ C A L L 
726 o291___________ 

7 4 C U T L A S S 2 d r lo w m ile a g e 
667 1o)o, o ffe r 6 p m _________________ j 
7 4 C u t l a s s S u p r e m e s p o r f y . I o w n e r, e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , p r ic e d to se ll C o lt 822 1848_________________ 

C u t l a s s 
S u p r e m e 
'7 1 . 
R a l l y w h e e ls, A M E M 8 tra c k , I o w n e r j S279S. 681 3 5 7 9 ___________________ 
74 C u t la s s S u p re m e M in t c o n d i lio n 
P o w e r ste e rin g, p o w e r d isc 
I b r a k e s , a ir . A M r a d io 
C h e a p ' i 349 o639 o tte r 6 p m _________________ 

7 3 C u t la s s S u p re m e 2 d r VB, o u 
I to . A M F M s t e r e o t a p e d e c k . p o w e r, o ir V in y l top. m a g s L o w m ile a g e , v e r y g o o d c o n d 
6 1 1 9 s 
826 398) 

________________________________________ 7 7 C H E V Y P I C K U P a ir , 6 )9 5 o 
’49 G T O outo. air, p o w e r ste e rin g 667 1o1o o fte r 4 p m __________________ o n d b r o k e s 534 21o4________________ 
7 5 C h e v y p ic k u p ', ton. V S, 35o, 
7 2 L E M A N S D E L U X E a u , ° 
* 7 * * o 
C o n s i d e r t r o d e 
E x t r o clean . L o o d e d ' 224-6954 
684 9131 

75 F o r d too, 1 sp e e d , lo o d e d g o o d c o n d 63995 484 8 5 6 o _________ 7 4 D u c a t ! 7 5 o ct 
F a r in g , b o g s , 
‘69 F o r d V a n , 6 c y l. s t a n d a r d s is s y b o r 516oo 672 944) 
_________ g o o d s h o p e, 51285 653 1o98------------ t?7 6 G o ld w in s . 1973 H o n d o 15o 

74 L E M A N S S p o r t s c o u p e 
W h ite 
523 oo o r b e st o ffe r. M r 
K in g 433 247o________________________ 

61 P o n tia c , all p o w e r r u n s g o o s! n e e d sp o in t, 6275 434 3459__________ 

'4 8 P o n tia c B o n n e v ille V E. a u to m o t ic , p o w e r , f a c t o r y o ir , lik e n e w ' 7 7 lic e n se 6795 W ill tro d e 
923 2883_______________________________ 

73 Pontiac Bonneville 
4 d o o r h a rd to p P o w e r, a ir . 52495 
_____ 
736 f i j i______■ 

71 P o n t i a c B o n n e v il l e 
3 5 .o oo m ile s, a ir, ro d io , 52ooo. 924 9 1 )6 o fte r 6 p m 

; 196 6 P o n t i a c C a t a l in a 4 d o o r 
! L o a d e d 
R u n s g o o d 
5 4 7 5 b e s t 
! o ffe r 656-1ooo 
I 

7 6 C H E V Y S C O T S D A L E 4 W D p i c k u p l o a d e d l ik e n e w , w ill tro d e 226 8526 a n y tim e ____________ 

74 C h e v y S i l v e r a d o p i c k u p 
L o a d e d , 35o e n g ., V 8 w id e o v a l tire s , m a q s 
R e a s o n a b ly p r ic e d 
734 5o6o a tte r 4 3o p m _____________ 

74 C H E V Y S m a ll p a n e l d e liv e ry , 
5995 ca ll 333 8152 

7 7 F o r d V o n V 8, a u t o r a d ia ls . F o u r sh o rp . tra d e 
1o71 b e d . c a r p e t e d , p a n e le d , ste re o . F a b u lo u s _____________________________ 
621oo 696 76o5 _ 
74 H a r l e y D a v i d s o n t h o p p e i 
64 F O R D 85o w ith 5th w h e e l a n d 
L o ts of c h r o m e u n d g o l d ' 7 )4 8296 
T u ls a W in ch . 52,5oo 
62 O M C w ith g a r b a g e 
5 2 ,5 o o 
68 
I N T E R N A T I O N A L o n d 5th w h e e l 
— 
- — a tws. r 
... 
* * * » 
51,5oo 
7o C H E V Y on e Io n 
D u o ! 
H o n d o C B 15o. le ss th a n 8,ooo w h e e l s . 6 1 o o o 
C o l l H o r r y a t m ile e x c e lle n t t o " ? 1' 1? " m a n y 
2 2 4 6 6 6 1 rn c o m e b y 2 9 4 7 E extro6. 674 853o. 674 6877 __________ 
H O U S T O N 
__________________75 H o n d o C B 5 o o Tw in L i k e n . * 
F o r S a le o r T i o d e 
55 F o r d ' , M o n y e x t r p s I o w n e r 492 928? 

H a r l e y S p o r t s t e r X L C . H 
C leo n, low m ile s 61875 715 7651 

7 3 C H E V Y 6, st a n d a rd , n e w p o in t 
627oo J im 661 4511 

7 3 C u t la s s S u p re m e , a ir m ile s 6285o 494 3944 
73 Pontiac Convertible 
39,ooo 
P o w e r, a ir 
62695 
, 
736 4321 
C U T L A S S 
S U P R E M E 
1 9 7 4 
B u c k e t se a ts M u s t s e ll' W ill h e lp fin a n c e C o ll 
G re g 433 1464________ 

■77 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E 
E x t r o a t t e ' L o o d e d 224 6956 

’72 CUTLASS SUPREME 
11875. 2 O O O R H A R D T O P 
A IR , 
A U T O M A T I C , A M F M T A P E 
V I N Y L 
T O P 
T I L T W H E E L 
435 1641_______________________________ 

7 5 C u t la s s S u p r e m e 
19,ooo m i 
S ilv e r, d a r k blue I a n d a u A M F M ste re o top e 64o5o 342 839Q 

12 C u t la s s take o v e r p a y m e n ts . no e q u ity , 732 3 56o__________________ 

71 D E L T A 88, lik e n e w . e x t r a s 
51195 344 3729_______________________ 
72 D E L T A 81 L u x u r y w ith e c o n a m y 
S p o t le s s c o n d it io n . 8 8 ,o o o 

7 1 P o n tia c 4 d o o r s e d a n V I, oir, o u to 6995 923 6 J J6__________________ 

'6 7 P o n tio c , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , n e w t ir e s , n e w b a t t e r y , v e r y 
C le o n 6475 732 8584________________ 

1974 P o n t ia c G r a n v ille . 7 d o o r, h a rd to p 455 V 8 p o w e r w in d o w s. s e a ts , d o o r lo c k s . T ilt s t e e r in g w h e e l 
C r u i s e c o n t r o l 
A M F M ste re o w ith tope d e c k 6o 4o Sea ts, e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
O n e o w n e r. 
53,295 494 6 4 1 6 ______________________ 

73 P O N T IA C L E M A N S 
J s p e e d s to n d o rd . 6)995 226 o79i 

7 2 P o n t ia c L e M o n s 7 d r b o r d top V e r y nice ! 5175o 655 8259 

'59 C h e v y 6 s ta n d 
7 2 C h e w V S. auto, a ir 
7 4 F o r d R a n g e r ', ton 52.o75 
1228 N e w L q re d O H w y 924 4879 
1 

74 
C h e v y 
S u b u r b a n 
9 p a s s 
C h e y e n n e su p e r IO, auto. pow e r. 
A M E M lo o d e d 538oo I 625 2915 

1915 C H E V Y > ton 
A u to Ir o n s m is s io n , a ir 
W ill h e lp f in a n c e 
C o ll 
G r e g 433 )464_________________ 

C h e v y , 2 ton F la t b e d 197o G o o d c o n d i t io n 
5 1 8 o o o r b e s t o f fe r 
I 379 979o o tte r 5 p m ______________ 

7 6 C H E V Y 
,. ton p ic k u p 6 CVI.,I s t a n d . , A M F M to p e , C a m p e r . sh e ll M u s t s e ll' 492 21 36___________ 

7 1 C h e v y 'j ton p ic k u p VS, auto. air. p o w e r, g o o d c o n d 51875 f ir m . I 
698 1454 

 ton 121oo in v e ste d 656 1757 o tte r H o n d a 125 e x c e lle n t c o m p le t e 
4 w ith 2 h e lm e ts 5299 653 4o67 

74 F IOO 
S W S . n e w 6, s t a n d a r d . 7 2 ~ H o n t f o 75o 
F u l l y d r e s s e d 
U ke n e w 684 1591 
437 3o42________ 613oo OI b e st o ile r 675 1417 
I o w m i'fe a a 
6575 
7 2 F IOO 
S W B 
3o2. t s p e e d 
5)47 5 m o g s 61495 684 1591, 432 3o42 
3915 H o n d a 36o 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
F o ir in g a n d 
76 F IOO 4 w hl d riv e , S W B , lo a d tru n k 684 5376 e d 
J a c k m a n w h e e l s . 1 2 o o x 1 5 l l H O N D A 75o 8,ooo m ile s, 
6545o 684 1591 437 3o42______________ cellent c o n d itio n 696 5649 

7 3 O M C R io t e r 2 w h l d r iv e air auto, fu lly lo o d e d R e a l n ic e c o n d 
5265o 922 8587________________ _ 

H O N D A O F S A N A N T O N IO 
57o8 M O B U D 
684 3687 

72 M O N D A 35o 
R o ll b a r 
64o o 
75 O M C G r a n d S ie r r a A ir. p o w e r c a ll 
684 1443 d i s c b r a k e s 
5 4 2 o o U q N O A j s o 
| y ; j s t e e r i n g 
433 7449 ofter 6 

59 G M C ' j p ic k u p r u n s g o o d e x c e lle n t b o d y 545o 
732 o89o oft 

R u n s g o o d 
555o COM 
349 6o9o_________ 
7o H O N D A S L 9 o 

'74 GMC 

76 H O N D A 5oo T 
6875 
C A L L 
433 o)41 O R 435 1993_______________ 

7 4 H O n d o 75o W in d io m m e r I I I 
C le a n , e x t r a s 6 U 2 5 734 2833 
S i e r r a G r a n d e 
454 C I D 
A i r 
____________ ____ lood ed . a u to M u s t s a c r if ic e 63ooo H o n d o 25o X L 
E x c e lle n t c o n d 
7 1 C h e w y T r u c k w ith sh e ll 4o2. 4 o r b e st offer 349 331] h on 6499 C a ll 
492 121o b b l., p o w e r s t e e r in g a ir. 
6 )9 5 o 675 o634 o ile r 5 p m 

7 3 C h e v y V a n , 14', all a lu m in u m 
7 o In t e r n a t io n a l 5 Io n V o n , V a n w ith lift 973 3573____________________ 

7 6 C H E V Y V A N 
IO OOO m ile s 
T V . r e a r a ir . c r u is e , tilt, ta p e , ic e m o k e r. r e fr ig e r a to r M u s t se e 
226 o291 

7 4 G M C S i e r r a 
35o V S . to n . 
75 H o n d o 15o X L G o o d c o n d itio n 
L W B 
A u t o d is c b r a k e s p o ^ e r 5575 o r ofter 698 23o1______________ ste e rin g , ra d io . air. s e a r c h lig h t 
N e w c a m p e r 
2 n e w m u d t ir e s 
632oo 223 2542_________ 

7 4 P o n t io c l e M u n s 
N e e d s re p a ir s C o ll 
344 1746 

7 1 P o n t ia c L e m a n s 
E x c e ll e n t c o n d i t o n 
L o a d e d n e w t i r e s 

77 G M C I ton. d u a l w h e e l p ic k u p 
Still in W a r r a n t y 665oo c o ll Jim . 
66) 4511_______________________________ 

7 7 G M C I ton. d u a l w h e e l p ic k u p 
Still in W a r r a n t y 665oo c o ll J im 
661-4511 
__________________ 

738 LINCOLN 

1973 F o r d L T D B r o u g h a m , u n d e r 
IO . OOO m i g o o d c o n d i t io n . 
68) o5o1 
___________________ 
F o r d L T D 71. 4 dr se d a n , p o w e r. enc c o n d '.32-/494, 494 183o 
67 F O R D L T D G O O D 
___________ C A L L 696 273o____________ 
67 F o r d L T D 
P o w e r u n d o ff 653-2166 
1 9 7 7 F o r d M a v e r i c k 
7 d o o r . 
L O A D E D 826 9565, 696 8o56 

74 F o r d M u s t a n g 
A u t o , low m r le a g e 
6225o 
S a t u r d a y a n d S u n d o y o n ly 737-8473 

7 1 F o r d M u s t a n g V S o n e o w n e r 
613oo 533 1122_______________________ 

F O R D P I N T O 1972 
G a s S a v e r 
4 c y lin d e r . s t a n d a r d . W ill h e lp fin a n c e C u ll M o r r o 433-1464 

7 2 F o r d P in to R u n a b o u t. 2 OOO cc. m otor r u n s g o o d A ir c o n d itio n e r. ra d io , h e a te r o il w o r k 
B o d y in sid e a n d out in te r r ib le c o n d itio n 
N e e d s b a tte ry 615o 8 28 496o. 4o7 
1 T h e lm a D r So t o n d S u n 

1 7 1 F o r d S e d a n G a la x ie V B. stick. oir. p o w e r 61o95 921-4116 

75 F O R D T O R IN O B r o u g h a m 
7 door, w ith v in y l top. c a ll D a r r e ll 
C e n te n o 277 1311_____________________ 

7 2 F o r d T o rin o 4 d o o r S e d a n A u to a ir 

66 F O R D V B. I s l 6 7 9 5 c a s h . j 737-3824_______________________________ 

72 BUICK ELECTRA 
2 d o o r H a rd to p 
............ 17195 
_______________ 736 4321________________ 

7 4 C o n t in e n t a l 2 d r e x c e ll e n t c o n d itio n 64395, 455 -o 4 o 4___________ 

69 L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 62495. 623 53o9___________ 
74 L I N C O l N M A R X IV lo a d e d , e x t ra cleon, b y o w n e r 433 2894 

'7 4 L in c o l n M a r k I V 
W h it e o n w h it e b l o c k l e a t h e r i n t e r i o r 
. 653 o8o4 otter 3 3o p m 
7 4 L in c o ln M a r k IV 
S h in y b la c k o n b la c k , b u r g u n d y in t e r io r W ire w h e e ls, a lm o s t e v e r y a v a il a b l e o p tio n 
P le a s e c a ll M r 
O w e n * 
729 1 3oo 631-6378 . 534 1577________ 

*69 LINCOLN MARX Iii 
S U N R O O F E x t r a g o o d c o n d it io n ' 
62995 
736 4371_____________ _ 

 c a r e fu l h ig h w a y m ite s B e a u t if u l 
M u s t se ll 
433 1641 c a r 
S e e to a p p r e c ia t e 
O w n e r 
'7 1 P o n t i a c L e M a n s 
O r i g i n a l 
6143o 112 593o 
1 O w n e i 6:63 o 636 o918 after 3 JO 

75 D e lt a 88 R o y a l 4 d r s e d a n , ; lo a d e d 333-3o72 ______ 
I 

7 6 C h e v y V o n P o w e r oir, c o m d ie te d in sid e L o w m ile s 684 6774 a fte r 5 p m. 

7 3 C h e y e n n e S u p e r p ic k u p 4 w h l 
________ d r i v e . 3 5 o V B , a u t o , a i r 
G o o d 
L O N G W I D E B E D c d n d 635oo I 538 39o3 

LOW MILEAGE 
7 1 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E 
4 d o o r, all gold, 46,ooo m ile s, A 1 c o n d i t io n , o n e o w n e r . 5 1 9 9 5 
342 5 9 9 2 ______________________________ 

M u s t Se ll O ne 7 3 O ld s D e lt a 
7 5 
R a n g e r X L T , 
76 O r a n P r i x , 
633 3221 or 221 7624_________________ 
•71 O L D S C u sto m C r u is e r , a u t o p o o r ! , u n . till wheel, ro d iu l t ir e s 
V u lu e o v e r 614oo first l i t e s n o s h 
494 3o87_______________________________ 
S u p r e m e 
I o w n e r . 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227 5o41 

41 C ly m o n tra ile r tor d u m p tru ck . 
IO x8 
972 78o7_______________________ | 

72 D A T S U N P I C K U P 
6 1 4 9 2 j e r r y 
671 6691, 72o 72o8___________ 
74 O a t s u n p ic k u p . 8ooo m c w a r ro o ty 63293 1 484 3728 P o th 

1971 D a t s u n ton ' / ton, stic k shift. a ir 6893 923 Q I U ____________________ 

74 D o d g e C lu b C o b 4 w h l d riv e , o u to , a ir p o w e r, b ig t ir e s 6J9So 
658 1694 

1972 GMC VAN S2989 a u t o m a t ic . j a ir A re a l b u y ' ' 
H E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
F O R D S O U T H S I D E 
19o1 S W M ilita r y 922 6317 

73 G M C V a n '« ton 4 b r a n d n e w t ir e s , n e w r e o r e n d 
8 t r a c k 
A M F M . p o ly u rn th e n e in su la tio n 
63645 J4I 6733. I 988 7813__________ ! 

J O E H A R R I S O N H O N D A 
S o le s S e r v ic e P o r t s 
971o IH 33 N O _____________ 6 3 * 94oo 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

JOE HARRISON HONDA 
HAS MOVED TO: 
971o IH 35 NORTH 
656 94oo 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

1 9 7 s 
O l d s 
C u t l a s s 
B r o u g h a m 
T T o p . 
824 9363, 496 8o36 

7 3 O ld s C u t la s s S u p r e m e 2 d r h a r d t o p l - o w n e r 
8 7 4 9 3 4 5 . 
496 8o56____________________________ 
T I O ld s D e ltO 'S i 
R o y o l e V 8. a u t o m a t ic p o w e r , f a c t o r y o ir . 
A M F M ste re o . 7 7 lic e n s e 
L ik e n e w 61993 W ill tro d e 923 2883 

T a k e o « n p a y m e n t s on t i P o n f ia t I d o o r V e n t u r a 
N o e q u ity 
C u ll 
174 o911 a s k tor F red. atter 
7 
921 7/37___________________________ 
46 T e m p e st 6 c y l 4 d r p o w e r, a ir 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

7 3 D o d q e L W B ton C lu b C a b p ic k u p L o o d e d 6243o 333 137o 

74 D o d g e M a x i V o n 
36o, a ir , c a r p e t , b e d , t a b le , s i d e o t p e s 
M u g s , e x c e lle n t 66ooo I ii *761 
1974 D O D G E P I C K U P 9.OOO m ile s 
L ik e n e w 
6 s t a n d a r d 
W ill h e lp f i n a n c e 
N o m o n e y d o w n 
C o l l 
W o o d y 4J3 1464 

 i 19 76 D o d g e S p o r t s m a n R o y a l 
V a n U n d e r w a r r a n t y O n e o w n e r 
■ 
876 9363. 696 8o36 

G o o d l o o k in g 
69 F o r d p i c k u p 632 14/3 
R a n g e r 
G r a n n y g e a r , ** Io n . m a t c h i n g 7 to n e q i e e r d e lu x e c o m p e l lo o M e lo l u tility tool b ox 
A i r , p o w e r s t e e r i n g 
5 1 7 5 o 
736 569o 

75 K a w a s a k i K Z 4 o o o . E le c t r ic start, fro n t d is c b r a k e s 
S725 

7 1 M A R K III F in e c a r ! R u n s re a l 

O ld s D e lta 18 
V 8. a u t o m a t ic 
7 4 M a r k IV . all e x t r a s . 42.oo8 m r p o w e r, fa cto ry a ir E x c e p t io n a lly 
66,3oo o r best o ffe r 827 o 3> 7 c le a n 7 7 lic e n se 61393 W ill t r o d e 
7 4 M o r k IV , all e x t r a s b u t m o o n 
923 2883______________________________ root, c le a n 65993 828 471 8 

7 5 m a r k IV , a ll l u x u r i o u s a p p o m tm e n ts 679 6o 9 2 3 7 1 74_________ 

7 2 M u r k IV . fu lly lo o d e d 
V e r y c le a n C a n be se e n at F a ir a n d So 
N e w B r a u n fe ls 64ooo_______________ 

66 O ld s 91 
L o a d e d v e r y n ic e 
6 4 9 5 
S a t u r d a y . S u n d a y o n l y , 
732 8423_______________________________ 
'4 3 O ld ! I I , low m ile a g e , c le a n , n e e d s c a r b u r e t o r r e p a i r , a s is 

67 F o r d W a g o n 
C a ll 
349 774o 
A u t o . a ir 
6812o 

7 6 M a r k IV , low m i lo a d e d ex ce p ) m o o n root. 69.7oo 927 7o7o 

7 4 m a r k IV . 4 . o o o m i 
Q u o d 
M o o n root. 6)o,4oo 226 o291________ 

'76 M a r k IV 
O w n e r, lo a d e d , low m i l e a g e 
5 9 5 o o 
3 4 4 o 2 2 1 o r 
433 9323_______________________________ 
7 7 M a r k V C a r t ie r E d it io n 
O i v o rc m g . m u st se ll b r a n d n e w c a r ! 
523oU oft list p ric e 342 6373 

46 O ld s m o b ile 57o o o s is w ith s p o r e p o rts 632 2317 

7 3 O ld s m o b ile T o ro n o d o c u s t o m 
2 -d o o r h a rd to p , lo a d e d , a m tm ste re o , m a ro o n w ith w h ite v in y l top 
17 lic e n se 63ooo 49o 9481 

7 4 O ld s O m e g a H a t c h b a c k 
E x c e lle n t c o n d 624oo 699 137 3 

7 5 O ld s R e g e n c y 98 2 d r , 
6433o C o ll 
494 2792 

TOYOTA 

'7 5 

SALON 

’7 5 

OLDS 
CUTLASS 
33.ooo miles 
Kerfed, 
I 
1 a « ■ a roo!, steieo 
395o 

CM8TSLH 
CORDOBA 
17.ooo oduul milts, stereo, V reel. electric 

 windows, 
. . . r / t immoculote 
* 1 4 5 o 
TOYOTA 

O 
F S E G 
U 
I N 
O P IN T il 9 P.M. 
224-4183 

1977 O O O G E '« lo o lo n g u n d w id e 
M u s t se ll n o w l W ill h e lp fin a n c e 
C o ll 
D ic k 431 1464__________________ 

72 D o d g e 1 j ton p ic k u p 
L W B , 6 c y l o u t o , w it h l u m p e r s h e ll 
5179 5 684 3oo2 

G O O D P I C K U P S 
7 5 F o r d 
1 T L o n g W id e 
7 4 F o l d ' 1 T L o n g W io e 
7 3 F o r d * 1 T ‘.top sid e 
7 4 C h e v y 1 1 T L o n g W id e 
7 3 C h e v y 
T l le p s id e 
7 2 C h e v y ', T L o n g W id e 
7 3 D o d g e 
/ T L o n g W id e 
________68o3 S o u th F lo r e s 

G R A N D E F O R D T R U C K S A L E S 
(H IO a n d W W W h ite R o a d 
643-4121 

73 K a w a s a k i K I 4oo 
T o p t e n d 
■ lir a s SAVO 688 3366 oft 4 
_______ 

7 3 L u v e r d u 7 5 o S F 
I 8d5 m ile s , 
'se n tie n t b e st ofter 674 443; 

M o t o r c y c le 
T ra d e r 
3 
R a il. 
6275o * 8 * 431 7______________________________ 
31795 
S A N A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A L L S 
61293 K A W A S A K I S o le s. S e r v ic e P a r t s 
51S95 JI j N A K O M A 
494 5234 
61493 i . T J ? Se e at N o r t h P a r k L in c o ln M e r 
1 )5 9 3 c u , v 
! * H o n d a C B 75o C u s t o m p a in t 1ob K in a a n d Q u e e n s e a ls o n ly 36oo m i p lu s s o le ly h e lm e t 
617oo 
341 1841 ext 
757. a s k tor 
P u n n y 

T i S u '/ u k T 75o 
A ll a i C e s s o r ie s 
69oU 636 7414, 636 447o o fte r 3 

74 S u r u k i G T 5 5 o e x c e lle n t w in d 

7] 
I N T E R N A T I O N A L 
T R A V E L A I . L 
F u l l y e q u i p p e d , a i r , p o w e r 
' ' • i 'i V s u i t b r a k e s , s t e e r in g e le c t r ic b r a k e m ntrnr r d r e s s e d ou 
675 577 ro n t r o l S p e c ia l 51795 
R A M M B f R O R V t e n le i 
653 o25) 

‘66 D o d g e van , 6 c y l e x t r a cle an , c a r p e t , p a n e le d , m a q s , 6 1 .o 5 o 
732 9 6 8 9 ______________________________ 

74 D o d g e V a n L W B . g o o d c o n d i h o n , 62,973 349 1833________________ 

D U M P T R U C K S 
1975 C h e v r o l e t M o d e l J 191713, 
N e w o n d U n u se d . 75 U n its o v a ilo 
O le 
E n g in e s 471. T r a n s m is s io n s 
F u lle r R T 915. R e c ' A x e ls S S H D 
T u n d o m ra te d OI 44.ooo p o u n d s 
C E N T R A L T R U C K S A L E S 
______________ 2)4-638 7593_____________ 
74 E C O N O L IN f c V A N 6 std 
59,ooo m i G o o d c o n d itio n 
7o5 S A L A M O 
_____ 
726 9144 

1947 In te rn a tio n a l 16oo S e r ie s 14 f la t b e d w ith 2oo o lb c a p a c ity 
F le e lit! ta ilg a te 613oo 4»3 9 2 '| 

'/ I In t e r n a t io n a l T r a v e lo ll 
197 
V I p o w e r e v e r y H u n g A u to A ir 
61,8oo T o w p o t k o g e 876 13o7 

I n t e r n a t i o n a l T r u c k ! 
715 S ie v e s A v e 
334 3471 

'75 S u t u k i G T 73o E x c e lle n t con a itio n 314oo 433 i f 19_______________ 

197o S u r u k i 5oo L o o k s g o o d . r u n s g o o d SJ93 7 34 378o_________________ 
68 T R I U M P H 4 SOC 67oo 
________ 433-733o ofter 6pm _________ 
6,(JOO rn. lik e 
Offer 5 
71 T riu m p h 65o Cl new IVOO 649 1773 

197o 
Y a m a h a 
I 663 4712 
65o 
665o 
C a ll 

•74 V E G A G T , tire s 334-5134 o ir, a m Im 7 n e w 

74 F o r d W a g o n 
IO p a s s e n g e r , lu g g a g e r o c k 62293 824 1334_____ 

64 F o r d W a g o n P o w e r, o u to . air, ru n s g o o d >25o 227 9913 
SPRING SALE 

ON All NEW MONARCHS, 

BOBCATS, COMETS & CAPRIS.. 

3 % ABOVE INVOICE 

F L U S T A X , T IT H , IIC ., D IA L E R P R E P . 

ASK FOR 
BOB STAHL OR D A V ID COBB 
^ 
225-65o1 

7 4 V e g a H a t c h b a c k , a u to , o ir. 
6146o C o ll 653 9713 Oft 4 p m 

74 V e g a H a t c h b a c k 
A u t o . a ir . 

735 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E g o d G M C P I C K U P S 
823 N o M o r n B o e r n e ?4V 3664 
D I R E C T L I N E 
22o 5416 

! 7 5 C h r y s le r C o r d o b a 
L o w m ile s, 
7 7 l ic e n s e 
M u s t s e e tu o p p r e - n o te ! 453-o294 a fte r 4 3o___________ 

1 97 4 C H R Y S L E R C O R D O B A ' 
L o a d e d 
5 6 o o m i l e s 
N E W c a r 
W A R R A N T Y 66873 656 4983 

C h r y s le r '6 4 
2 a i , c le a n 
G o o d tra n s p o rta tio n 6495 645 1386 

*47 C H R Y S L E R N e w p o r t , r u n s e x c e lle n t 6496 344 3779____________ 

44 C n r y s l e r N e w p o r t 4 d o o r 
N u t ! N e w t ir e s 6495 824 1 )56 

C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H C IT Y 
7ooo N W L O O P 41o a t C u le b r s 
_______________ 6B4-6618_______________ 

T i C h r y s le r W a g o n 9 p a s s g o o d t r o n ip o r t o h o n I S v s 349 76/4 

I 7 5 C o r d o v a L ik e n e w 33.ooo n u . 
2 d o o r h a r d t o p 
A M F M ste re o . air, s ilv e r w ith b lu e v e lo u r in te r lo r . 6 4 4 9 5 
W rit a c c e p t t r a d e t e r m s 
773 C r a v e n s 632 171o o il d a y So t o n d S u n 

J A C K R E I G E R 
C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U T H 
581o S A N P E D R O _________732 871) 

71 N e w p o r t 
O r ig o w n e r 
4 d r . loaded, tr a ile r h itc h 
51246 W ith lic e n se E x c e lle n t ' 824 46 )2 

736 DOUGE 

T I C H A L ! E N G E R 
L ik e n e w ' L o a d e d 7/4 4956 
7 2 C h O t g e l 
R a lly 7 d r 
JAO V B 4 bbl Oir. ou to, etc 6 )6 o o 643 21o) 
49 C H A R G E R R T . 4 to . 4 s p d new t ire s m u g s I B M 468 SIB S 
7 1 C h a r g e r S p c i 
E d i t io n 
A ir , a u t o , a il p o w e r 
B u c k e t s e a ls , e x c e l l e n t c o n d i t i o n 
4 2 1 o o 
344 1968_________ 

7 o C H A R G E R . S p e c ia l E d it io n 
L e a t h e r u p h o ls t e r y , o il e x t r a s 
7 8 ,4 (o o r i g i n a l m i, s t e e l r a d ia l tires, 11495 46(7o S a n P e d ro . C o ll 
826 3o49 o fte r l p m 

7 3 C O R O N E T , w a g o n , 9 p a s s n ice in s id e a n d e a t 
M a k e o fte r 

 i J t i J E I___________ 
74 O A R I C u s t o m 4. O ir, o u lo 

6V G a l a x y 5oo 
C o e d r u n n in g 
. c o n d i t io n , n e e d s p a i n t . 6 4 o o 
' a s s - I I H - 
68 G a lx ie 5oo. A u to G o o d C o n d i lion, 66oo 333 3364__________________ 
74 G R A N T o rino . 7 d o o r. o u to m o 
TIC, oir, p o w e r ste e rin g , v in y l lop. 
62488 C o ll M o n u e l 34 1 941J 

I V /J O r a n T o r i n o B r o u g h a m 
L O A D E D 824 9563, 496 KOS* 
____ 

 iy / 1 G r a n T o r in o , s t a n d a r d ■ 
• J sp e e d n e w p a in t E n g in e o v e r h u g led 695o 474 154)_________________ 

H A V E IS to 7o R E P O S N O W O N 
( S A L E ’ M a k e o n o t t e r 
C a l l 
; W o o d y , 433 1464 
_________________ 

K I N S E L F O R D M E R C U R Y 
P L E A S A N T O N . T E X A S 
S A P h o n e 626 2/91_________ 

7 2 L T D B R O 
U G 
H 
A M 
T a k e a v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e q u ity . c o ll C re d it M o n o g e r , 349 s948 

7 4 L T D B r o u g h a m , 14.ooo m ile s 
A M T M s t e r e o 
C r u i s e c o n t r o l. e x t r a s Im m o c u lo t e ' 34) o3o5 

1972 L T D 4 d oo r. oir. p o w e r, b lue 
W ith v i n y l to p 
5 1 4 9 5 491 4 1 5 4 , 
693 9142_______________________________ 
1975 L T D « d o o r , I S I V I w ith p o w e r 53493 447 IOO) 

73 L T D 4 dr., p o w e i a ir 
J8.ooo m c, 63293 C e ll 
344 2oo1___________ 
7 5 L T D E x c e lle n t A M E M ste re o c a sse tte 6343o 824 33o2____________ 
7 3 M A V E R I C K 613oo 
A F T E R 3 
433 I IQT 

7 3 M a v e r ic k a u to a ir. 47.O M m c m u st sell 6145o 4S8 6)4 3 ____________ 
71 M a v e r ic k 4 d r . a u to a ir 4 cyl. r a d io h e a le r , g o o d f a m ily c a r 
695o P IJ o 7 3 4 ________________________ 

It M a v e r i c k 
4 d r a u t o , a ir. c le a n , n e a t c a r 
B e s t o t t e r 
5 8 3 ) 8731_________________ 
7 1 M a v e r ic k L O O 
4 d r . VS. air. a u to p o w e r b u c k e t s e a t s 
R o 
(Po ls 5273o J4I 39)2 

N o w a v a il a b le T h e m o s t e x c lu liv e 1974 M o i k IV in S o n A n to n io 
R o s e e x te rio r b u r g u n d y in te rio r, c r u s h v e lv e t s e a t s , a l s o m a n y o t h e r e x c lu s iv e f e a t u r e s 
T a k e o v e r le a se p a y m e n ts 6 )o o m o n th 
It in te re ste d call 
636 l»83 

739 MERCURY 

66 C o m e t . 6 c y l . s t d r a d i o . h e a t o ir O w n e r 6373 734 3971 

1972 C o m e t 2 d o o r S p o r t C o u p e 
V B . au to m a tic, ra d io , h e o te r 
A ir c o n d itio n in g , p o w e r s t e e r in g V in yl top 61575 734 863)_________________ j 

7 1 C o u g a r, 381 e n g in e , o u lo r u n s I g o o d 3)46o 474 ,889________________ 
'67 C O U G A R , e x c e lle n t c n d itio n 
6895 494 36o9_________________________ 

7 6 C O U G A R L o w m ile a g e , re a lly 1 
C le a n ' E x c e lle n t c o n d 
E X T R A S 
227 3)23 ; 122 995o att 6 

47 C o u g a r, it a n d a r d , 289 e n g in e ,: g o o d c o n d 676o, 534 o522___________ J 

47 C O U G A R 
VB a u t o 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 61393 276 o291 
______ 

7 4 C o u g a r X R 7 A M F M I t ra c k 
4 5 o o m ile s 
S i l v e r b l u e 
6 5 4 9 5 
A tte r 4 
716 98J8_____________________ 

74 C O U G A R X R 7 . lo a d e d S ilv e r. re d in te rio r, 453 87o6 e v e s _________ 

75 COUGAR KR 7 

R E A S O N A B L E 

7 6 O ld s T o ro n o d o F u lly lo o d e d ' 
W it h a s t r o r g o l 
7 7 l i c e n s e 
337 7764 Otter 6_______________________ 

77 O ld s w a g o n D e lt a 
88 
V 8 o u to OU 61296 923-6334 

7 3 O M E G A 28.oo6 m ile s , m in t c o n d itio n C o ll 34 ) 7oo) 

P R E M I U M C A R S 
W H O L E S A L E P R I C E S 
1973 O ld s D elto B l' R o y a le 4 d o o r 
A M E M 
V too. arr. p o w e r 
P e r t c o n d W ill trod e 
S te v e s A u to S o le s 828 4So7 

73 
R E G E N C Y i m m a c u l a t e 
52673 647 1o3o Ofter 4 p m __________ 

7 6 S t a rf ire F u lly e q u ip p e d 625o u n d e r B o o k 641 4378 

74 S T A R F I R E G T t-OOded, m u st s e ll' 68) 2332 

7 5 S ta rfire lo o d e d 637oo o r p e st 
O ffer 924 3931 
653 9244_____________ 

T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts o n 7 4 C u t lo s s S u p re m e C o ll 
277 o986 a s k tor D e n n is O ffer I 
C o ll 636 437) 

7 3 T o ro n o d o , lo o d e d 
E x c e ll e n t 
C o n d 
I o w n e r 47,ooo m r 67493 
M l | 8 » t P g R 8 
I 

7o V is t a C r u is e r W a a o n 
A u t o air. e w e r G o o d tor s e c o n d fa m ily c o r 6795 273 6233 o r 455 79V2 a fte r 
6 p m bf w e e k e n d s____________________ 

T R A D E I N I N O S A u t o S a i d 
• W E F I N A N C E * 
JOO) S W M I L I T A R Y 

W E B U Y S E L L 
U S E D C A R S A N D T R U C K S 

7 5 E l C a m in o , 35o e n g in e , a u to , a ir. p o w e r 
23,3oo m i O n e o w n e r 
T i r e s o n l y h o v e 1 3 ,o o o 
1 4 ) o o 
341-3741_________ 

. . . . . . 
E l C a m m o 
E x c e l l e n t c o n d 
972 27o3 lo o d e d G r e e n o n d w h ite 494 6413 

R . N y E y U A T A . . 
71 El Camino S1995 
K I N 
N 
E Y M 
O T O R S 
L o a d e d ' F i b e r g l a s s C a m p e r 
3928 B R O A D W A Y 
878 2 2 13 
734 4321 

741 PIYMOUTH 

76 C O U G A R XR7 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n t s , n o e q u ity , ro ll C re d it M u n q g e r 
J49 6948 

7 4 O u ste r Auto. a ir. p o w e r, v in y l to p n e w tire s, e x c e lle n t 
6 24 oo 
A ff 3 IO 474 7o44. P e e w e e _________ 

7 4 O u ste r, e x t ra c le a n , s la n t 4 outo, cur 62.393 972 4481____________ 

'4 9 F u r y S p o r t 38). a ir . p o w e r s t e e r i n g 
6 7 o o o r b e s t o t t e r 
34 2 9 1 38 fro m 8 3 
249A44Q o ffe r I 

7 1 P ly m o u t h 4 d o o r. a u te , a ir . p o w e r ste e rin g n e w tire s. 6o96 o r b e lt O ffe r OSS 7)97 
________________ 

744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, 
SPEED RACING CARS 

Stre e t o n d S trip B u g g y 
VB. v e r y 
I q s ! 511)oo tu rn OSS S 
I S 

746 TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 
I HAH I HS BUSES 

A O A M S T R U C K C O 
N E W a n d U S E D 
T R U C K P A R T S 
IQ M R O O S E V E L T ________ 333 SIO ) 

A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
I l e P R O B A N D T 
________________224 213)________________ 

ARMY TRUCKS " 
14 V o lt S p e c ia lis ts 
B r o u b o c h E q u ip m e n t Tip 1439 

A s s u m e P a y m e n t s , n o equity. 7 4 
F O R D P I C K U P c o ll B ill 332 3421 

7 3 F o r d B r o n c o R a n g e r 
4 w h l d riv e , p o w e r, o ir o u to 
A M E M 
• t r a c k T r a ile r hitch, lu g ro c k 5 w id e t ra c k t ire s N e v e r h u n te d or a b u s e d ' 643oo 226 4771 
341 o J74 

7o F o r d C a m p e r S p e c ia l k ia d e d ! 
R a n g e r p a c k a g e , 62893 737 1U37 

74 F O R D C O U R I E R 
T a k e e v e r p a y m e n t s n o e q u it y ,I c o ll C r e d it M a n a g e r 349 6948 

7 4 F o r d C o u f 't r p ic k u p 
A u t o n e w f i b e r g l a s s r o m p e r 
E x t r o 
C le o n 6745o S J I J37C 

1976 In te rn a tio n a l L o a d s t a r HOC. 
3o,ooo m ile s, a ir c o n d itio n e d , lik e n e w 
H a s 2o b o x w ith o v e r h e a d d o o r , p r i c e 6 6 9 o o . 2 2 4 5 5 2 6 Or l i t o988_______________________________ 

7 3 IN T L S C O U T 4 w h e e l d i air tool box, (2 6 J688____________________ 

61 IN T L T R A V E L A l . L . V ( a u to lik e n e w in sid e . I D S O 661 451) 

J E E P 
74 J IO *4 Io n 
36o C I O 
4 sp e e d 4 W D C B m a n y o th e r ex h a s 54ooo 3(o4 S W M ilit a r y O r 
S p o c e 27 a n y tim e __________________ 
7 7 J I M M Y 4 w h e e l d r 
4oo V # e v e r y o p t io n a v a i l a b l e 
1 o x 1 3 w h it e le t t e r e d t ir e s , t r a i l e r i n g s p e c i a l , a m im w it h t o o t . 4 s p e a k e r s , s lid in g g l a s s w in d o w s 
Still in w a r r a n ty 
L is t 69eoo. a s k m g 676oo o r b e st Otter 496 3333 
L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M o o r L H E A V Y D U T Y 
O IE S E L T R U C K T R A C T O R S 

T I Y n m o h o )2 S c c E n d u r o 
6 ( 
Y a m a tio 
3o5cc 
S c r a m b le r 
6 (i 2119______________________________ 

24 Y A M A H A 23o E n d u r o . 6.ooo m i . e x c e lle n t 655o 648 o5o2 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
I 798 J734 
I N T E R N A T I O N A L T R U C K 
S A L E S A N D S t R V IC f 
P Q B o x 41) H a lle ttsv ille , 

L E A V I N G ' 
7J R A N C H E R O 
3o2, S t a n d u 
Oir call 458 3641 
'7 2 F o r d C u s t o m 'n t o n L W B p i c k u p 
4 s p d , r a d io , h e a t e r , p o w e r b r a k e s 
H e a v y d u t y b u m p e rs , g r ill g u a r d 
L o o k s a n d r u n s g o u t! 
B v o w n e r 
6 1 7 5 o 
439 1442 

72 L U V . 
61893 456 2678 a u x i l i a r y t a n k 
641 I I H 

1973 F o r d C u s t o m 
876 9565 696 8o56 
F u lly lo o d e d 

7 7 M A I D A P I C K U P 
6 )5o o _________________________673 o 6 )1 

7 4 M a / d a R o t a r y P ie k u p b lu e e x t w h ile int 
4 s p e e d 
JO OOO m ile s ra d io c u sto m h itc h 2 sn o w t ir e s 623oo C a ll 696 4 ‘ 

7 4 M o v e r ick, p o w e r, air. A M F M p lu sh m l 62,693 349 7274___________ 

74 M a v e r ic k 
S t a n d , a ir 
E x c e l h i it c o n d 824 193o, 874 4472 ______ 
M e c h a n ic 's S o d ' 66 F o r d W a g o n 
R e c e n tly re b u ilt 352 c o " 
F ro / e n fro m lo ck of u se 
A ll p o w e r, a ir 
Y o u P u ll a w a y ' 6175 496 4393 

48 M u s t a n g 219 A u t o , o n p ow er e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 34/ 6734 o ffe r 
6 p m 
67 M u s t a n g 7 (9 
A u t o . p o w e r, e x c e lle n t m o to r o n d t ir e s (H O O 
' 34«-4386 
___________________ 

Hertz Is Seiling Quality 

U s e d C a r s F r o m O u r R e n ta l 
F le e t 
(1976 U s e d ) 
1331 I O U T H T E R M I N A L 
F o r ln lu r n io lio n C o ll 
876 966/ 

7 4 M A R Q U I S B r o u g h a m 4 dr 
I o w n e r , a ll p c w e r , s t e r e o , d a r k blue. 11,3oo m ile s, e x c e lle n t c o n dition, 652oo 696 oo9o, o ffe r 5 a n d w e e k e n d s, 344 1664 

47 M e r c u r y 
A ir. o u t o , V ( 
N e w t ire s G re e t t r a n s p o r t a t io n * 6495 
494 144o Or 341 3247 o n e tim e 

‘73 M e r c u r y M a r q u i s 
F u lly lo a d o d . A M F M lo p e 677 oo 494 3474 

197o M e r c u r y M a r q u i s B r o u g h p m t u g g e d '6 7 4 o 342 4o87 

74 P l y m o u t h 
2 d o o r h a r d t o p lo o d e d 67793 814 1 136 
977 72(1 

74 P L Y M O U T H 4 d o o r , a i r ! p o w e r 61(73 6*1 6498_______________ 

73 P L Y M O U T M D U S T E R 61995 
I 
CaH 224 8 29 ) j 

 i i P ly m o u t h D u s te r 4 c y l. " e x t r o c le o n 
61125 
S a t u r d a y , S u n d a y 

»2!Y. J U H i l l 
______ 
'7? PLYMOUTH FURY III 
61195 A IR 
A U T O M A T IC , 34o V 8 
E N G I N E 
R U N S 
P E R F E C T 
A U T O F A I R 133 1441________________ 

72 Plymouth Cran Sedan 
• 
6 1 593 L O A D E D ' 
E L E C T R I C 
• 
W I N D O W S . S E A T S , a n d A L L 
B E A U T I F U L Y E L L O W H A R D 
T O P W IT H B E I G E V I N Y L T O P 
| W E L L 
C A R E D 
F O R 
C A R ' 

65 M U S T A N G 2 d o o r, a u to m a tic. 
74 D A R T C U F t o m 4. a ir , a u t o e x tro cteo n, o w n e r 6243o 7)4 6364 
**??■ 
* ! ’ " I i i -------------- 

LOW 
MILEAGE 
\ R E N T A C A R \ 

T i D o d g e C h a lle n g e r 
A u te , air. p e rfe c t c o n d it io n 
L o w m ile a g e 
61(oo eve 4358_______________________ 
1973 D o d g e C h a r g e r S E B r o u g h a m P o w e r ste e rin g , b ra k e s , w in d o w s , a i r c o n d it io n . A M F M I tra ck. 448 c u e n g in e 42.5o4 m ile s 
63593 or b e st utter 
344 1 63o 

Will WHoUSALE SO CARS 
THIS WEEKEND 
Pocers, Mavericks, Gronqdas, Monarchs, Pintos, 

Gremlins, Hornets, LTD]s, G/ond Prixs, Cougar XU- 

7s, Monte Carlos, Comoros, Station Wagons. 

EU Cor* U t a p ' Sob Compact) How K O R IS S lttR IM C ANO K O R IS ASSISI 

M A S IS A U NATI AIS ANO BANT MATL AM IM STERIO 

O P E N F O R IN S P E C T IO N S U N D A Y - C 
A U 
3 4 M 2 1 1 
8727 AIRPORT BLVD. 
I block bouth of Loop 41o 

’73 DODGE CHARGER 
4o,ooo m it e s A ir. p o w e r 
63295 

^ a ^ l o 7 ^ 7 T o « - | e “ ~4 d T 
♦|S j U 7 _ ^ 4 _ 7 » L9. 
[ C le o n , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 5575 

Q g l i l ' > l ? “ 
V 

74 MUSTANG S229S 
J J d o o r a u to m a tic . p o w ;r 
_______________ 736-433) ______________ 
M u s t a n g 
1947. e x c e lle n t c o n d i lio n p o w e r o n d a ir , n e w tire s . 
1142 B .o o d w u y 
'73 M u s t a n g ll C h ia E x t r a clean . lo a d e d 4 (4 1739. 932 9327__________ 

'75 M U S T A N G ll lo w m i p o w e r s t e e r in g , g ir , a u t o a m r a d io . 
I d o o r 
Y e llo w 
E x c e ll e n t c o n d i 

1975 MERCURY MONTEGO 
7 d o o r C o u p e B lu e m e ta llic , w hite v in y l roo! A u to m a tic arr. p o w e r 
74 P L Y M O U T H S t a m p s t e e r in g , p o w e r b r o k e s 
A r e a l s h a r p c u r! 
613 (9 
H i M t* M 11 L M C C O M B ! 
F O R D I O U T H U D E 
IVO) 5 W M ilit a r y 9 7 2 6)17 

B E D E L L T R A I L E R B O U Y ; 
D ire c t F r o m M a n u f a c t u r e r 
F la tb e d s. S ta k e s. V a n s 
131o l o F lo r e ) 774 4 )11 

74 B L A Z E R . C h e y e n n e p a c k a g e 
4 w h e e l d r la u d e d (24 2674 e v e s 

73 S l a t e r 
L o a d e d 
E x c e l l e n t c o n d itio n 644oo 641 73(4__________ 

71 B R O N C O V I 
I o w n e r n ic e c o n d itio n (2 1 ) 9 7 3 

B u s 5o P a s s e n g e r 
G o o d m o to r, b o d y , a n d n e w t i r e s 
6 2 2 3 o 
414 1739 
I 

B r o w n e r 
74 C h e v y 
/ ton I W B 
358 VB. 7 b b l sta n d V e r y low m i te o ge rte l e u _______________________ 

B f O W N S R 
71 G M C ' i t o n 
4 w h e e l d riv e , lo a d e d 
T I B L A Z E R 4 w heel d riv e , lo a d e d 
'7 o C H E V Y I Io n V I. 4 sp e e d 
'7 o C H E V Y 2 Io n w ith IO y d D u m p 
T r a d e r 
49 C H E V Y J Io n C o b o n d C h a s s is 
61 C H E V Y 7 ton G r a in B o d y w ith h o i it 
47 C H E V Y 2 ton G r a in B o d y w ith h o ist 
43 J E E P ' I Io n t c y l 
4 s p e e d w heel d r iv e 
42 C H E V Y J ton G r a m B o d y 
4 5 k E Y 6 T O N E ) ( l l 
G r a i n 
T r a d e r 
64 F R U E H A U F 4o ti F la t F lo a t 
333 713o. 421 7o19. 471 7771, o r 

 l i i l i i L 

69 F o r d C u s t o m C a b '» ton L o n g p m 696 1661 after 6 

 l * i m ) ) 7‘, ? 64|A U , ° 
V e r ¥ n T w a n d O S I O B u m p e r s u S S t 
TTT rr — ■" ■""': w e igh t to h e a v y d u ly f or o d s u e s 
76 F o r d E 15o C h a t e a u W in d o w of p ic k u p t r u c k s 924 6531 I B I N e w 
V a n 
L o o d e d , 98oo m ile s 
6/63o 69o V467 
A s k in g L a r e d o H w y 

F O R D E c o n o lin e I 
64 7 3 34 1 6 4(4 
6 C y l 
O W N E R O P T R A T O R S 
3 a x l e t r a c t o r s a n d * I ct • b e c t r a d e r s to r s t a t e w id e h a u l i n g 
'7 5 F o r d E x p lo r e r T ru c k f 23o 
P le n ty al b r ig h t b u c k h u u ls 
Tut 
8.5oo m ile s lo a d e d 
6 I3 o o e q u ity se ttle m e n t w e e k ly 
O ld e i h o n d o s s u m e lo a n 178 6197 
9 ta 3 a c ce p te d 924 727J, IJ J 3X94 

Y a m o h u G T IO E n d u r o L ik e n e w 
45o m ile s 6323 tirm J44 4662 

73 Y o n i a h o M o n o i h o t k 2 5 o 
L e o lh e is b a a ls 36oo 631 91o7 ___ 

Y o m a h a M X IOO A I Sh a p e . 62oo 
Atter 4, IJ J o371_____________________ 

Y a m a h a IOO M X g o o d c o n d . b u m p e r h a m p e r s . B e ll S t a r he! met. 65oo 492 I83J o ile r 4 p m 

'// Y A M A H A R D 4oo B e s ! otter m u st s e lh G o ld e n d a y s 
671 7o67 

' i i V a m u h o Y Z 7 SOB 6475 C o ll 
458 l 6 l2 o r 6 5 ( 9 7 J 6 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

7So WANTED AUTOS. TRUCKS, 
IRAlttBS MOTORCYCLES 

Buy Junk Cars Iron Etc 
A p r t o 927 J i l t 4 )3 2o3o 

CAII ME FIRST l o s t titles n o p ro b le m 
T O P C A S H tor J u n k C a r s 
9 1 1 6 4 2 2 
C a s h tot c le a n c a r s a n d b u c k s 
L o r r y C a n n o n A u to S a le s 
36)o S u n P e d r o 
1 2 ( 4 ) 3 3 

F o r f A s Y C A S H w ill b u y y o u r 
C a r . V a n s , or T r u c k s R u n n in g or 
HOI 977 866)______________________ ___ 

PAY TOP PRICES f or w r e c k e d c o n o n d T r u c k s 
A l A U YO P A R T S l l ! IO I > 

•QUICK CASH* 
C A R S A N D T R U C K S 
R U N N I N G O R N O T ' 716 7243 

SF I I IN G Y O U R C A R 

 k s t * s p a id t 
, etc 
I i i I; 
( le a n 
42 

73 F o ld F IOO Custom I W B std 
VS, 3o7 36.ooo m iles Real N il 
6176o 922 (3(7 
__________________ 
1975 F O R D F75o I ongw ide 
L e a d e d 1 (24 9343 493 (p si 
PERFORMANCE VANS 
OE AMERICA 

/ K O R D F IOO. L W B 
V I. oulo air. aux tanks, new tires plates clean 61995 344 1541 

C u s t o m a c c e s s o r ie s lu r V im s 
Pickups, m ini trucks, D V ) 
F ro m sm all installation s to 1o m 
____________ 

 ptete V on C on ve rsio n s 
1973 F O R D F 35o. Vun body with 1o772 P i B R IN B E IT E L 
456 146o overh ea d door Will help finance 
73 piiiTu R u n a b u u i T i g h t b io l' 
Cull 
WgQdy 43) 1464 o ir , c ai pel 
G oo d g a s m ile u ge 
71 F o rd p icku p IW B standard, 4 623oo J44 7474 cyl. clean 61393 7*6 3737 
68 F o rd P ic ku p standard, excel 
Ie ti I t o nd 
6993 732 8384 ______ 

T I F o r d p ic k u p 
C a m p e r .hell, s t a n d , a ir r a d io 61ooo 734 7o19 

66 F o r d p icku p 3 sp d . 39o rebuilt e n g in e 
N ew T r o d D u s t e r tires, rim s (22 7o64_____________ 

'7 o F o ld p ic k u p w ith C a m p e r 
*« ton. 4 c y l , e x t r a r le a n 
61o95 
732 8423 
____________________ 

'74 M e r c u ry M o n t e r e y 4 dr 
S t don. Good con d , 1743o 6 53 |23? 

2 d o o r a u tom a tic, air, p ow er ite e r m g . 
23 OOO miles. 62eS8 C a ll M a n u e l 

2 1 3 -1 “ 
__ 
OS P L Y M O U T H Vulioid. air ru n s gloat, trode *295 342 7o93 
197o P lym ou th V alia nt, sla n t 6 
Aute air, buckets M u st sell ieee 
75 M e rc u ry M o n a rc h G hiu Fu lly 
Coll lo r n 433 1442 

TMI N II**S IB TO C A II 
IS i i i IS A S 
C A P R I** ANO N IM S 

F I ACT TO U W W A N T AD 
IN VMI I X P * ! * * NI W k 
C A U 11%- \ SAA 

78 D od ge D a rt 427 Herm, g la ss 
; b e n t end 
R o ll b a r, B M torque 
[.convertor, outo 67o,o 337 ?393___ 
47 Dodge O a r) Slant 6, air auto 
I m gtic 
R e lia b le tra n sp o rta tio n j 64oo 64) 2353______________________ 
74 D O D G E D A R T Sp ot! C au p o 
(han g IO M o d e l) aute, air. radio. 
Htr bucket h igh b oc k seats, real clean M u st soli below wholesale price. 23o 3/67 ut 73o 67/2_________ 

1 lf / 1 Dodge Demon 2 dedr. aute 
V I. pawer. *»9» 923 o?3» 
______ 
49 Dodge P olar a H I, power air, 
4 door, 686o 499 o424, >49 o39o 
------------------------------------(j| w e ------------ 

75 M U S T A N G ll 
Real nice, 62o9* 333 8157 ____ 
'72 M u lla n v M o c h I. 3o2 VS. hi preforman«.e M a n y ip s e d parti. cor w recked 668-o691 
_______ __ 
7o M u st a n g M a c h I 
351 C le ve land engine Im m a c u la te tend! lie n 
A lk in e 612oo 
727 6947 l l ani ppm 
7o M U S T A N G M A C H I 
E x tra cleon. loaded 224 o966 
'45 M U S T A N G 289 
M a k e Offer 732 8591 
197) M u sta n g M a r k I. fully load od, 62,35o 47 4 2883 
41 M u it a n g . re d w ith w h ile C stripe Low nu . aute . pawer, air 
O r if tnol, perlecl 6o2 1643 

 equipped Like new O ne a w a it 
V e r y low m ile a g e 
'// lic e n se 
64193 Will trade 923 2883__________ 
M E R C U R Y M O N t E G O M X 1972, 
4 d a w 
O nly 6995 W ill help fin once Coli M o n a , 433 14o4_________ 
‘47 M e r c u r y 
N e e d s m in e r re p a irs 625o 434 4712 
7 4 M O N A R C H 4 door. a ir aula. 
V4 7 ooo im *43oo firm 43)4946 
M O N A R C H 1974 2 d o o r, v in y l ro of 
L O A D E D 
M u l l se ll 
W ill help bounce C oil P ic k , 433 14*4 
76 M O N A R C H 7 dr. V I. b la ck, custom wheels, M ic h e h n s, am tm casse tte, C B. low m ile s lie g e 
___________ 
7 5 M onfegg B ro u g h a m Load ed 
Excellent condition 34o 7892 atter earn and weekends__________ 
7 2 M O N T E G O M X B ra u a h q m , e x tra clean, all p o w e r, ra d ia ls. 
Owner, 61893 736 4125 e ve s 
TI M O N T E G O M X B r o u g h a m g o o d c o n d itio n , la w m ile a g e . la u d e d s/uuo Joe J JO) 

'o8 P lym ou th W o ge n 
E x c e lle n t ru nn in g cond 645o 47 3 8o98 
P R E M IU M C A R S 
W H O L E S A L E P R I C E S 
1974 P ly m o u th V a lie n t 4 d e a r. 
A M F M , 4 cylinder auto, pow er a ir 
31,o8o e rig in a l m ila i 
W ill ' b a d e 
Stoves Aute Soles 828 e sp / __ 
R o a d ru n n e r o9 
F a s t ' 61195 or je st offer 733 »>4j. 73S 7 3o4 
7 8 Satellite, oulo, air,paw e r, ex b g clean t i I M 337 7741 
74 Saielblo Custom 9 p a sse n g e r wagon, fully equipped excellent condition 6228o 4 3 1 49 1 8__________ 
77 Valero Holton W agon Sa ve en this new car 457 26o7 e ves 

74? FBNIIAC 

1971 B o n n e v ille 
4 d o e r 
F u lly eauipped Rides beautifully W ho le s a le 61 76o C a ll A l M a r t i n e t 

C E N 1 U R Y W R E C K E R S A L E S 
Disti ibutoi s Century W re ck e rs 
14o3 N O AL A M O ________ 225 4146 
'41 C h e y r t lo l I w b p ic k u p with fib e rglass bed cover 64oo 455 6124 wQpf T o m 
1 
49 Chevrolet pickup 'n ton. 1o' iff c ab o ver 
N e e d s m in o r re p a ir 
B e s t a lte r 
M u s t se e y o u r s e lf 
SOI 3741________ 
54 C H E V Y B U S M otor und body in good condition Seats 32 685o 
BIO 6171, 224 t e ll_________________ 
75 
C H E V Y 
C H E Y E N N E 
P i c k u u 'i t o n le a d e d 
C o m p a r shell, like new 64 2 6o 34 2 382/ 
7 5 C H E V Y C h e y e n n e p ic k u p , 
■lie n. 47.88o m r a m tm lo d io , p ow er, a ir, sta n d a rd , c a m p e r shell optional 639oo 458 17o9 
7 1 Chevy Cheyenne 11 ten pickup 
L W B . d eluxe cam p er she ll 
VB. a u te , air, p o w e r 
V e r y c le a n ' 
L o o k s a n d r u n s re o l go o d 
B y o w n e r 
62575 D a y s 
459 14 *2. offer 5 Seguin I 372 o119_________ 
7 1 Chevy C ustom IO. fully loaded with shell tam per. I owner. 62*oo 

 i l t i 2 2 i _______________________________ 
7 4 C H E V Y E C C A M IN O 
, U.OOo actual m i auto, a ir pow er windows, tilt wheel, c ru ise sw in g out seats lo o k s like new 649*o 
441 4611 

76 R A N C H E R O G I 
Take over p a y m e n ts no equity 
Colt Credit M o n o ge r tee secs 
72 R a n c h e ro P o w e r steel m g radio, disc b rokes V in yl tup i i i 
CU engine 
N e e d s b od y w ork 
643o 142 8329 otter 4 p rn 
_ 
15 Ranch ero Squire, looded am 
Im stereo e xtro d e a n law mi 
64293. consider b o d e 484 3o42 
SATC a n t 6 n 7 o T R U C K S 
S A L E S * S E R V IC E 
O M C Diam ond Reo Pete! built 
18)o IH IO _________________44) 4311 
SC H O O L H ighw ay D iesel B u se s 
; 
______ ____ ________________ ■ 
, 23o) N O O A L IT Q 5 
5344/11 loaded, ti,SOO m iles a sk in g 14ooo Toke ovei p aym en ts en 74 F o rd 
38) 9 2 9 5 _____________ pickup Call 222 o984 ask tar Den m s atter 8 454 4321 
___ 
I , T O N " l l C H E V Y ' V 8 3 lu lle d 
11*oo B ubtock al M O usm un R d___ 
Ion Dodge Dump lr 

71 FORD Ranchero toke e v e r p a y m e n t* na equity 
Call Credit M a n a g e r 
,-tv 
174 F o ld R a n c h e ro with G em tup 

7 4 F O R D R A N C H ! R O fully toad ed 629V3 firm 433 8 ,1,4 

TO P D O I L A R ' 
J U N K C A R S 
T R U C K S . S C R A P 
C A L L 
>42 SIO)__________ _________ 
USED CARS CLEAN 

SMITH C H I V W ! 
1221 B R O A D W A Y 
77 ) 42* 
A l 
B U Y J U N K C A R S 
G O O L 
P R IC E S C A L L 
432 9347 
A l ' b u y U SE D C A R S 
O R S IN G E R B U IC K CO 
4313 SA N PE D M O ________ 714 47/1 

754 TIKIS parts accessories 

" T T T T T T T A T m R T T T S T n r n ? " 
F r o m o nd re a r B u m u e i. u g h 
Iu d ' UUU! lei panel 922 7742 

C E N T R A L T I R E CO 
/OSJR F L O R E S 
224 341 
74 C h e v y b u c k re a l g la s s win daw excellent SIO 473 111* 
Com plete li/ o D o d ge J 2 i slat motor 433 o929 b R t v ! IN T R U C k S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P T R U C K P A R T S 
2o2 I Otego Hw y 924 4351, 924 453 

M u s t A U S ” inter 

49 F o rd R a n c h e ro 1o2 cu " V I 
P ow er steer m g. air, radio heater auto 614oo firm 44) 1724 
TS 2 
— 
— fc,lfo tleon 
7*o) 349 2987 
A L T t ie i S* Ton F o rd A i acker l l l T i 
74 
F O R D 
R A N G E R 
X L T |9*4 
T S T F o rd A l e t t e ? 
P ic k u p 'H o n fa cto ry fib e r g la s s Coli 434 2*74 c o v e r. 448 V I a il H D b a it e r p u llin g e q u ip m e n t 
P lu s b ra k e c o n t r o lle r 
$ 337 5 
5 12 4 1 54 
- l i m n 
73 F o l d R a n g e i X L T 
L a u d e d 
I W B c le o n A tter _5_ 414 S i x ) _____ 
1973 F o r d R a n g e i F 23o 4 w heel d n y e 8/4 v s * 3 696(o34 
________ 
71 f O R O 4 standard Red excel lent *135o cult Jim 44) f , 11 
*1915 F O R D. SU O ."' C a b 
F J 3o 
63 / 5o or best otlei * 63 1o97 
Tv/6 F O R u W P 'f c W C u b F I 5o 
Full power Will help (m onte I o n 
W ood! 4 3 J 14*4____________________ 
74 Ford Super C a 'go Von V l l a u t o 
B ig a ir 
R e a l n ic e 1 *p / ar bai 495 9218 
13245 337 3448 
...... ........ 

75 F o r d S u p e r C a r g o V o n ’* tori u n p o w e i 
25,ooo m ile s 
E x t it 

74 T O Y O T A p ic k u p rad io, a ir 
7,ooo mi 635oo 824 72o1 i^AN 
7 4 b o d o * Sp o rtsm a n B u r a ' 
8 p a s s . fu lly e q u ip p e d 
IS SOO m iles O riginal ow ner 62o8 under retail o6o )8o) 

V A N S B u y . S e ll. T r o d e 
4 *1 1 S F L O R E S 
92 3 4211 l l ) l l V A N T R U C K wilt! lift gule 
( I ) i i Ion h o u se tr a ile r toter 
117 3187. evenings SSO IV )* 
MATERIBUCK 
1942 International 17oo se rie s 2ooo ga llo n cap acity 6325o a lso h a s 

 c all 223 ie e e 
172 C H E V Y F e n d e iside 3 speed slu m lo rd *13oo Jim. 441 46)1 

"i s l a m a u * * ! . 
'6o F o r d <« ton F la tb e d G o o d 
I shape *373 K e n dolig 
1 334 )461 

W E N C H T R U C K 
Inter notional H ive Tractor T ru ck t u lsa i i W e n tn R D 43U e n gin e 
Good Cond 6196o *96 921o 

 t x e e t s i a n d n u 

66 F a r t in g out m in i d r iv e tra m , a ir , o t h e r m is re ttu n e o u s 494 2358 

4 2 i P o n tia c h e a d s 62o e a c h *42/ 
F o l d h e u d s 62o e a c h . 4 s p e e d ti u n s m i s s i o n B e l l h o u s i n g tty w heel le i 
429 
F o r d e n g in e 
SHO 474 164) 

4 R o ily s p o r t s lo c k w h e e ls u n d h ie s G M C or C h e v ro le t IS , D O O 
4 ( 4 6 5 *3 

 s t f t i M f e l I R W a n t e d 
M u s i h a v e g o o d fro n t end a n d left fro n t door H o n d o < 1)426 2832 

S E A T 
4 p a s s e n g e r te a r le i C lu b w a g o n blue, se a t b e lls n e w D I O i 341 27oo 

S tra ig h t a x le h u b s tw o t i 
G re s u n d w ile e ls 633 *33 IT M 

 l l V e g a e n g in e o n d Ii u n s m is s io n 
61)5 
S i t i C o r v e ll* I'o r ie l h ill Ii 
SSO C a r tow d olly w itho ut w o m b , 
HOO 1 * 4 ) 4 7 1 3 

( V A N T C O 
I Set 14 
C h e v r o le t 
R o ily A m v is 828 O H I 
_______ 

177 w it h T s a e e d a n d H o i s i s h if te r . 
625o 4 2 3 19oS offer tj p in 

. a u 221 ie o e 

San Antonio EXPR E SS-N EW S— Sunday M arch 2 7 1 9 7 7 

3-DAY RY CAMPING SPECIAL 

PRICE INCLUDES . . . roof, air, motor air, 4ooo KW Onan gene­ rator, stereo, tilt wheel, cruise control, 44o engine, dual fuel tanks, spare tire, 
7 co. ft. refrigerator. Don’t miss this one! 
. r— J J 
K 

25’5 m iD u iriiid $15/9 9 5 . 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 

824-3248 
(O n * Block W est of 
S h*raton H otel) 

758 AIRCRAFT services. 

ALAMO FLYERS INC. 
7 5 ARROW ll 
73 ARROW ll 
75 AZTEC 
'69 AZTEC 
75 SUPER CUB 
75 CHEROKEE 14o 
74 CHEROKEE 14o 
'66 CHEROKEE 14o 
74 NAVAJO Chieftain 
65 CESSNA 31o J 
62 BEECH DEBONAIR 
••W ill Trod* for anything! 
922-1228 
341-o535 
"Your Piper Dealer 
We Need Your Business 

 m a 

XC RENTALS 
• TWIN GERONIMO. (FR 
• Si ll ANC A VIKING, IFR t CARDINAL RO (FR 
• HAWK KR. IPR 
• SKYM A WK ll. IFR 
VIKING A CARDINAL RO 
A u to p ilo t e q u ip p e d A ll 
S in g lti-C u rre n t M odels 
METRIC AIRMOTIVE 
ROOSEVELT a t 9 9th 
9 2 2 -2 7 4 7 9 2 4 -7 3 7 5 
Io n A n to n io , To mot 

A I R C R A F T S T O R A G E 
New Braunfels Municipal Airport. 
___________ *38 o21o 
ALAMO FLY E R S INif 
••YOUR PIPER DEALER” sell MISSION RO til Ult 
BONANZA 
Local M Member M y n a Club witn 2 low tim * complete IPR compoed t e n S o n o m a * has opening for I member. Call Rooer 
Hill 
IJJ 5525. or jet 4781 atter 7 p rn ltS7 CESSNA 183. TTA 3597. 1ooo 
SMOH, 75 STOP on I cylinders 
A IOO NAV COM, A T 5o fro snootier, Nov onnuol. SIO,5oo 
Harlingen. T i 
511 423 5o41 or 
53 5*4 1134 otter 5PM___________ 
I V7o Mooney Ranger IFK with j dual Nov-Com. O M E . XPDR 
3LMB, EOT See Sat and Sun Coll 
473-311o. 
NEW -74 Cessna 421C Golden Eo ole ll 4oo system avionics Pull investment credit. Below dealer ! cost' 
Jim 
Staoas 
I 837-o234. 
Austin_________________________ 
SELL OR TRADE 
Cherokee VI. 
3oo $33,5oo. Cherokee W orrier. toll IPB 515,ooo 658 o27o 
It57 Sky hawk 1954 Apoche. IPR lt>4 Arrow. IPR 512 822 3o91 
WHY NOT order a New 
PIPER to your own 
Specifications 
Frank 
Adams, 

 m CAMPERS TRAILERS 
/« AIr' sT rT a m ,}9 , loaded 
South Teios Troller Supply 
H21o IH 15 N 
451-41*1 
44 A ir s t r e a m ii----------- 
TRAVELER S WORLD INC 
2*17 ROOSEVELT 
532 4o*1 

REG. *18,5oo • SAVE $25o5. 

 j f A l i s s i o n ^ j 
« T r a v e l C e n t e r ® 

FACTORY CLOSEOUT 
WE MADE A BUY ON 25 
CHARIOT TRAVEL TRAILERS 
SAVE HUNDREDS 

19-ft. 8 sleeper, Ser. # 1139 
. $4o86 

19-ft. 8 Sleeper, Ser. # 1165 
. $4o68 

19-ft. 8 Sleeper, Ser. # 1 1 6 7 
: $4o681 

21 -ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1 1 7 5 
$42o6 

21 -ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1 1 7 7 
$42o6 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1154 
. $4331 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1182 
$4331 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1183 
$4331 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1184 
$4331 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1185 
$4331 

23-ft. 6 Sleeper, Ser. # 1186 
$4331 

25-ft. Twin Beds, Ser. # 114o 
$5116 

25-ft. Twin Beds, Ser. # 1 1 4 2 
$S116! 

25-ft. Twin Beds, Ser. # 1 1 4 5 
$5116 

25-ft. Twin Beds, Ser. # 1146 
$5116 

|2S-ft. Bunk House, Ser. # 1 1 7 7 $S487 

• RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
: 2271 AUSTIN HWY. 655-o251 

MOBILE HOMES 

AIRSTREAM once 
1 438 2974 
'7*. 
JI' used 
BULVERDE 
_____________ 
1975 Apa-- *r ^ ogle <oo. never used, s ilt: 1o23 Fabulous. 
ARISTOCRAT Travel Trailers 
The choice at the Quality buyer 
RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
22/1 AUSTIN HWY 
*55-o251 

AVION 
Trove! Troller* Motor Homes 
TRAVELER'S WORLD 
2*17 ROOSEVELT 
531 4o*1 
By Owner 
71 Travel Troller t*' self contained, like new, refriger otor. stove, sink. chemical toilet, shower, many extras, sleeps 4-5 
PUC* SI985 *51 18o7 
Cab O v*i 

'76 MOTOR HOME 
CLEARANCE SALE 
DEMOS 
I — 32-Foot EXECUTIVE demo, fully oquipptd, 3 air conditioners, microwave oven, Michelin tires, color TV, bar, 6,5oo watt Onan and more. List $37,472. 

On sale at $ 3 1 , 9 8 8 . 

1 — Itasca 25 A model demo, loaded, list $19,417. 

One sale at $ 1 6 , 8 5 o . 
NEW MOTOR HOMES 
3 — new '76 EXPLORERS, loaded, 23-footers, full size, fully equipped motor home 
^ 
— 
V 
B 
4% coaches as low as 
^ 
1 
5 
o 
* 

2 — ITASCAS, 25-foot C models on P-3o I -ton chassis. lh* s ill* 
Sal, Pn<( 
* I 5 , 5 o o . 

Both lo a d e d . 

76 (ASA GRANDI. Sleeps four. Self contained. On Vt- ton “Jimmy” 4-wheel drive chassis, list $13,169, 
On sale at $ 1 1 , 5 o o . 

Salt contained 
344 o991 

Cam per 
Sleeps 
4 
54oo 

•TS Cub-over cam per, self-con- tamed with tacks Sleeps 4 After * weekdays SS* Carroll 913 2o1* 
Camper shut! for Long wheel bose pickup SIPP 333-45*5 
71 Camper Von Lots of a oodles 
5275o *71-82** Ofter 5 
_______ 
Champion l*i*3S turnishetl air washer and dryer set up $4,5oo 
COH 481 1491 
CLOSE OUT SALE 1974 
CAMPING TRAVEL TRAILERS 
KC TRAILERS 
$394 
Up 
71o WEST AVE_________ 73$ 3931 
75 Coleman M inu tem an tent trailer. $895 448 3575 
T T T S lT m a n ” pop up Romper 
Troller, Sleeps 4 immaculate 
342 515o 
•71 Ford Compel 

USED 
74 PROWlfR Trovtl troller. On* owner. Like new. 
Original price $7,48o. 
____________Sala Price 
$ 4 f 6 S o o 

TINDALL & SON MOTOR 
HOMES 
4 6o o SAN PEDRO 

7 3 6 - 1 5 4 1 O R 7 3 6 - 1 3 6 8 O N S A T 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 
8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

Von % ton, ie] engine, fiberglass too. sleeps 4 i 
653 o7o4 otter 5 JO 
HARPER MOTOR CO 
CAMPERLAND 
SALES and SERVICE tor 
TERRY, TAURUS, TW ILIG H T 
BUNGALOW Travel Trailers and 
STh Wheel* 
2*o1 $ W Military 924 SSI* 
Hrs Mon Fri 9 6, Sun I 3o 4 
HEIMER CAMPER SALES 
San Antonio * Exclusive 
COACHMEN DEALER 924 8334 
Tent Trollers Travel Trollers, 
Truck Cam pers M ini M otor 
Homes >Th wheel Trailers 
3329 S W Military, W of Somerset 
71 H bliO A Y R A M IL i » 35 " 
Pork Model slide out livmgreom, ideal tor office or lake 
South Texas Trailer Supply lin o IH 15 N 
451 41*1 I 
Ti Holiday Rambler Seif con* lamed. air. large propane bottles 
Excellent condition 3*4 o848 ofter 
4 P rn 
7* k d llO A Y 27 
With air conditioning, $5395 
TRAVELTOWN TEXAS, INC 
9*oo IH UN 
633 7111 
1975 h 6 l U DAY RAMBLER 31 
Mini condition, sell contained 21' awnino 59*oo 458-4o74 atter 5 
LATE MOO#L Used Pop Up 
Camping Trailers (2). Ilk* new 
South Texas Trailers Supply 
ItltO IH 35 N__________ 453 41*1 
Luxury and Duality of it* finest 
Th* Cadillac' of travel fruiter*, 2 dr 29 ti Holiday Rambler fully self contained, sleeps 4 includes such luxurious features as Duo 
Therm root AC cmd dehumidifier 
WW thick padded carpets Carter owning, stainless steel Magic 
Chef oven, sinks to match full formica counters Enclosed sun ken tub and shower m a tin * flush type toilet, interior c*i»r cootdmaled Hot water heater, floor furnace, TV antenna, AC OC convertor, new lifetime batter, refng frost top tre a te r, water system pressure regulator and compressor Total us* I yrs. Im maculate mint cond 8* 993 Sa* al 
G r**n Meadows M obil* P ark, 
•ext to Boysvill# Pot Bouser a! 
1*84 ALSO 74 Dodge 4 dr tow ta u ip p *# veh icle, *2995 
W ill negotiate an price at take late model >4 ton pickup rn trade Sa nous inquiries only please 
__ 

 pinup 
COVERS 
S U I 
1171 Austin Hwy 
*33-8883 

 r r Gw l I n cr 
WAS 3*438 NOW I 3333* 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IO, J Mi north of Boer se 
RT 
2 
BOX 
127, 
SA 
Phone, 
23* 242* 
OPEN SUNOAV 13-3 P M 

 r a h Aa i i i g t v d'E f f r r s 
Exclusive O#pier tor 
VENTURE Ton! Compel by Starcroft 
Little Castle On Wheats ‘ 
3271 AUSTIN HWY 
*38 8351 r ’ l R ib ' D A L E l l ' ’T ra v e l 
I railer 
E x c e lle n t condition 
Self contained sleeps * All E X ­ 
TR A* 3*138 *94 3182__________ _ 

 r o a d r u n n e r Yr A ve L 
TRAILER SALES 
4,38 R I G S B Y ________ *4*98*8 
I X PHI SS ANO lit w 5 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO'S LARGIST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

* Over IOO Units in Stock 

AUTHORIZED SAUS POO: 

HOUDA? 
IAMBI! It. 
PYO RUP 
NOMAD 
VENTUtt, 
STARE RAU 
HOUDA?, DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MIRA* UAMfC 
PYnlyl nVml J 

96ooIH3SN 
653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson'* 
9 til dark, men.-En. 
8-o p.m. Sot. I S Sunday* 

ROADRUNNER 

TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 
HI-LO TRAVEL 
TRAILERS 

SPROUTER TRAILERS 
493o RIGSBY 648-oo6o 

1971, 29' Sandpiper travel trailer, like new. 3th wheel tor towing, completely self contained. 33,993 ll** 
99th 
SI 
Stinson 
Field, 
927 571* 
71 SCRRb SC6TTY, 1$ 
Travel Trailer sleeps * 
SOUTH TEXAS TRAILERS 
IIH * IH 33 N__________ *33 41*1 

SH AST A *P R O W L E R 
We Tok* Trade-ins 
Complete Serene Dept 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH I* 3 Mi North of Boerne 
RT 3 BOX 127 S A Phone 224 242* 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 3 P M_______ 
Sleeper com par, I 6' beds. I closets, table, icebox, overhead and under bed storage, tacks in- eluded *84 *372 
STARCRAFT 
MYERS TRAILER SALES 
It* Kingsbury 
SEGUIN 
TX sTW flE XFY-----------------f S T v lL t r a il e r 
3*o9 COH 344-8911 
74 Slorcroff Venture, model toii. pap up troller sleeps 9, A l cond 
SI *95 341 /191 AHer *, wkends. 
, 34) 4122 ll iTAtoChAPT 26 bender Star 
Troller, air *3995 
TRAVELTOWN TEXAS, INC 
*4oo IH JSN 
*33-7111 
1973 WrOBthlih8 l l 1, extras Sell or 
Iron* in en house of greater vatu* 
*24 2331 ; *31-8143 aHer 5 pm r r T WHEF T Y R A lL fg -i ------ 
ALL SIZES pad MODELS 
Auftionied Dealer Per 
I 
KOUNtRY AIRE NU WA 
TRAVEL TRAILER CENTER 
*29o Roosevelt at Stinson Field 
*9 t i avn! Mosier deluxe 2* ck, air, best etfer 69* 2797 
77 Travel Troller HPJ'fully self contained, socrilica price, air, deluxe model, can b* soon at 3S9J 
Pan Am 
)4J* Travel Tioiler, if', toff cen 
Mined, mony «xtros 533 3393 
~ M T w iu d H t BUNGALOW 22 
TRAVELER'S WORLD INC 
2*17 ROOSEVELT 
332 *9*1 
~ u fE 6 cA 66v4A a t a A i k ” 
72 OPENROAD D V . air locks, seH contained . ............................ 
Hoc per Motor Co Comperlana 
>491 S * Milnor r 
924 3314 
-ffi-U ^ d 'P g T u R TR A It'E'i T " 
Harper Motor Co Compar land 
2491 S W Military 924 3314 

8o? 
MOTOR HOMES SALES RENT 
8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALES REW! 

The Ultimate experience that makes the going grand! 
XPLORER 
S & 

Pure luxury — with elegant standard features like toter TV, microwave oven ond lots more fxcephonol craftsmanship throughout Come try one on for sue todoy 
FRY MOTORS INC. 
2o6 WEST POLK 
BURNET, TX 78611 
Phone: 1512) 756-2128 
The (nest In M otor Hom o living from Xploror. 

USED MOTOR HOMES 
LARGEST VARIETY IN SOUTH TEXAS 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 
. 

Sailboat. 23ft Aquarius, ftberg -lj lass, 6hp motor, excel, cond. 1972 S model 
51 2-393 252o, o ffic e ;! 
312-393 2743 otter 3 
_______ 
Sail Boat Gull Coast 7o Large ' 
Cockpit, Excellent For Fam ily! 
Sailing, 
Has 
Trailer, 
524oo. 
638 o575_____________________ 
Is sailboats Canoes, large selection 
NEW Sailboat Shop, Austin 
6o4 Highland Mon Blvd 454-7171 
SAIL-SANTANA 21 Retractable ‘ti 
Keel, Trailer, Galley, Head, *45oo 
Corpus 
Christi 
1-832-1631 or 
’ 884-4949, 
17' Sea Star lls Johnson. Drive on, Golv. Trailer, Extras. Brand 
New 34ooo 698 2848 

,914 ANTIQUES 
I5 l? -M IT IP S 

17' Ski Boat, perfect condition. 
S34oo Firm 337 435o____________ 
14' Skyline V Hull fiberglass boot, 
6ohp evinrude shoreline trailer, extras, SH5o 927 3457 
1975 SOONERCRAFT 16 . 9o Hp 
Chrysler engine. Trailer, S299S. 
658959) 
SPYOER 
One 17ft. Demo, *Shp Mercury. tra ile r, S35oo One 17ft used 
Sportscraft with trailer, $14oo 
4418 Randolph Blvd , *54-o38o 
DISCOUNT BOAT SALES 

3 o ' TRAVEL QUEEN ’76 
2 6 ’ XPLORER 3 o 7 '74 
2 5 ’ TEC C hevrolet ’72 
2 4 ’ STARCRAFT '71 
2 2 ’ SCOUT '73 
2 1 ’ ULTRA VA N ’7o 
ID ’ CORTEZ ’66 

2 7 ’ TRAVCO 6 9 
2 5 ’ OPEN ROAD 73 
2 4 ' ROLL ALONG 73 
2 4 ' XPLORER 2 6 o '7 4 
2 2 ’ SUPERIOR '7 3 
I P ’ XPLORER 2 2 4 ’73 
18' SUPERIOR '7 3 
6o TO 84 MONTH FINANCING a OPEN MONDAY THRU SATURDAY, 9 A M - 6 P M. a 

WE TRADE FOR ANYTHING THAT DOESN'T EAT! 

BAR BOB MOTOR HOMES 
342o SO. PADRE ISLAND DRIVE 
51 2-8 5 4 -5 3 8 3 
CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS 
78415 

IS' S tarcraft Bool, with Fold 
Dawn Seat*, SOhp Evinrude with 
Power lift, Easy Load T III or 
Drive on Trailer, S14S1) 924-118o 
Super motor gin ae"!!'oiling motor 
12-v with all controls Excellent condition 3173 826 9551 
1972 Terry-Bass, 4o hp Johnson, loaded Magic tilt trailer. *53-8158 
After 6 
_____________ 
18' Thunderbird, 12ohp, 1-6 Galv. 
I Trailer 653-1o34 
19 Tri Hull I2ohp Chrysler Power 
Tilt Built In Tank plus 2 portable. 
Rigges for Gulf 696-354o 
75 2o 
T R I - IO N I C R IV IE R A , 
I 188HP Stern drive. 
25 hrs 
, Heavyduty trailer and compass 
New condition. 
*63oo 
461-7623 I 
I 658-o441 ll 
TROJAN, 8 beam 
Cabin 
Sports Fisher with trailer Needs engine and outdrive work $1ooo 
: 14 SEMI VEE boat with 7HP out board motor 34oo 3*1 4968 
Used Fiberglass Yachts 

X© 
Q>K p 
6 ] 
’ 
Antique Shop Liquidation 
I have hewn r«qu«tt«d to (IqutdatA th# complot# content* of 
• VON LOHR ANTIQUES • 
O w n e d b y L a rry a n d B a tty L y le * 
This shop contains something for everyone — from an­ tiques to gift items — from primitives to exotic. 
S ta rt* S u n d ay, M a rc h 2 7 , I to 6 p m 
D a ily , 1 o a m to 6 p m th ru S a tu rd a y , A p ril 2 
• 6557 SAN PEDRO • 

9 
X C O 
PATSY BUYS 

 o k 

Bertram 25-28-31-44; Hatteras 
34 34 41; Col 27 34. OTHERS 8o7 
{ Sondollor, Rockport, 729-1o99; 
Corpus Christi, 832 212o._________ 
' 1976 Venture 21ft sail boot, race 
I equipped complete with trailer, 
: mony extras. 6HP Evinrude. mint condition 34,8oo Call 312-489-2914 offer 6pm 
74 15 VIP Bass boat. 4ohp John son. Dilly troller Slits 654 9o9o 
W ANTED 
Pontoon Deck Boat 
I with 5o hp motor 342 8423_______ 
24 SEA RAY 

— ----------------------------------------r a n t iq u e a u c t io n 
Sunday. Mar 27, I JO PM 
Gary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx - Coll 398 37o1 
Antique rosewood lovoseot, large overstuffed sofa. Cost SSSo. SeH ; 
325o 826 54oo___________________ 
ANTIQUES IN BOERNE 
Short Drive North 
7 friendly shops in our area 
Are Your Antiaues and Collect!- ! bles Properly Insured? Certified 
Inventory, Licensed Appraiser, 1 
Phil Moron 734 5648____________ 

B E S S ’ A N T I Q U E S 
545o Old Seguin Rd . 661-5582 
| 
BUY SELL APPRAISE 

TO PULCE YOUR AD CAH M s. MOORE 2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

94o LIVESTOCK KH) SELB* 

WANTED 
Twin Engine 494-5313 

 i U f f i S 
B 
L r 8o6 SPORTING MHOS 

WE PAY THE SALES TAX 

AND WE’RE OPEN SUNDAY!! 

OVER IOO HOMES TO CHOOSE FROM 

12-14 WIDES 
2-3-4 BEDROOMS 
PRICES START AT $375o 
SUNSET MOBILE HOMES 
2762 S.W. MILITARY 
922-o54o 

Colt Python. I om a^JsTLanuTm 
Thompson Contender 3o-3o, 
Huger Mini 14, Winchester model 
IQI 2o ga. 679 7848 otter 6._______ 
1871 Engraved Single Action Colt 
45 *73-4835 
_____ 

Best Prices Paid for Antiaues 
PHIL WILLBORN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
824 2749 34o9 Broadway 715-2414 
CLIMER S RUMMAGE BARN 
CASH AND CARRY 
Antiques, Bottles, Primitives 
Relics ond Many Other Things 
COME SEE!! Open DAM to 5PM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during Business Hours 
Where Hwy 47* crosses Hwy I* 
_______POTEET, TEXAS_______ 
CLOSEOUT on 14 carat yellow gold genuine stone rings, suitable for Flea M a rk e t or A ntique j Shows Dealers Only. 227-3149. loam to 5pm 
______________ 
; Court cupboard circo UCD $3oo. 
! Edwardian satinwood liqueur ta­ ble $3oo, long case dock-Amer- lcan antique $45o, *9*-3147.______ 

ESH 

8o2 MOTOR HUMLS 
Stile rent 

8S4 BOALS, MATIAS 

Gun Collection Sale lover 2$ rifles and pistol*, mony 
> hard to get and custom made, 
I reloading setups, shells. 
Coll 
491 272o. 
Model 29 *4 Mag. *H inch barrel 
New 446724o otter 3pm 
Over loot) Guns to Choose From 
BUY—SELL—TRADE 
American Loan. 227 8372 
1875 Remington Replica Long Colt 
I 45, 7" 454 o541________________ _ 
RUGER 77 R IF L E , 7mm MAO 
Days, 341 8641, nights, *2* 1744. 
We pay cash ‘or rifles, shotauns, pistols 734-1794 
_ 
8o8 HUNTING I FISHING 

M IS S IO N 
TR A VE L C IN T E R 
Exclusive Denier For 
• Mobil* Traveler 
• Tioga • Dreamer 
• Cobra • Southwood 
• American Clipper largest selection ol 
Mini-Homes in Town — 
Open I Days A Week! 
SAVE DOLLARS 
13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 
8 -2 4 -3 2 4 8 

MOTOR HOME RENTALS Fully self contained Rates by day or week 631 *1o8__________________ 
Motorhome hentnl 
Sleeps 4-514o week plue 1oc mile *55 2252 

 r a h m b e r g ’r v Ce n t e r i Exclusive Dealer far Champion. 
| Titan, Lifetim e Motor Home*. i Mini Motor Homes 
‘ 177) AUSTIN HWY 
*33 o231 
! 
77 SHASTA 22 
LOADED 
WAS $14,25o NOWSI2.99S 
J STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
I 
IM IO, 3 Mi nor lh of Boerne 
I RT 2 BOX 127, S A Phone 224 242* 
I 
OPEN SUNDAY ll 3 P M___ 
Luxury Motor Homes Rent Low 
Rotes 4s8 .’* 41. OSA 2119________ 
!!>i Midas M ini 18' J self con tamed. 3 kw gen. 35o VS, 34,ooo miles, $42oo 696 21o3___________ 
’■7 3 Motorhome IS 
Like new. 
Take pickup or trailer in trade. 
133 1771_______________________ 

•TI SHASTA MINI $ 
MOTOR HOME. $5495 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALES 
IH IO I Mi North at Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127 S A Phone 224 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY II 3 P M_______ 
'74 Superior motor home, l l ' , 
23.ooo mi looded with every op hon like new condition *33 8o97 
Travel America Free! 197* all rn elal fram e Dodge 24tt Motor 
HomeLstill in w a rra n ty ) plus 
Jewelry business—all lor only 
325.ooo Sell at Flea M arkets 
Jewelry inventory alone will pay tar Motor Home. Reason ill 
Health l ee) 39)9_______________ 
Wont To Buy Motor Home Any 
Make 
Any 
Model 
438-7**1, 

8o4 BOA iS MO iOHS 
TcrT’onT^TcnSuXTicaT'^oi^uri 
Creek Country Club, trode tor boa! *33 2411 
14-AD vTNCt D-AY'SAiToR- 

SOME BEAUTY 
SKIN 
DEEP: 
A Its easy to build 'PMTTY', cheap, big boots 
But ii tokes research, dough, brains, ETHICS for fast, light, 
TOUGH, SMI boats budget priced, 
HONEST value 
At 
Barbero c get plush beauty completely thru, or plain vaniHo also 1oo% hondlayup fiberglass 
B 
ARRIVE DI 77 GIASSMASTERS, 
COBIAS: most looded luxurious in our 
SI years, outboards or 
I/O*, 
Merfruiser or OMC (tvtwude) Short, sensible deck or walk-thru BOWnders from pioneers of Deep V, why gamble with tty-by-night mtgrs ’ Get proof ride on big, BOUGH waters, not millpond t But,hot IS delux-ttet $739 
D Meet or beat fVUMUOE deals 
E: 
Used top grade world-classic: 
EVINRUDE IiV, walk thru Gulfing 
I SOhp 77SY6 Buick OMC on Evinrude trader, rare fish- skier $325o warranty 
Others $595 up BANK rates 

BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th FABK FBEE 
SO marine years rn S A- 227-2112 
9 6 p m Thurs Rite 9 p m (lased Sot. 

FISHING LEASE 

3 ta n k s w e ll sto cke d 
2 4 m ile * fro m 
San 
A n to n io , lo c a te d a t 
T ed 
W illia m s an d 
W is d o m Rd. 

For In fo rm a tio n 
(all Harry Hyman or 
Mr. Santhej 
San Antonio phone, 222-13o1 
Ie tween 7 e.m. and 9 em. weekdays 

21 acres H ill C ountry. G reat hunting, trees, beautiful views, 
$52o down payment, $81.o7 per mo Owner financed. CPII 714-79*4 

CROWN HILL ANTIQUES 
DIJO N PLAZA , 77o1 BR OAD- I 
WAY. 12*1991. Slant Front Am. I 
Desk, F r. A rm o ire B lanket 
Chests. Pine Cupboard. Hooded 
Cradles, G randtath er Clocks, , 
Four Poller Bed. Fr Dining Ta­ ble and Chairs. Baskets. Brass ond Pewter Etc. 
Edison electric Hotpoint stove! j 
; model RA99 $1o9 Call *35-8339 or 
9131149_______________________ j 
•FLEA MARKET* 
Largest in San Antonio. 
Spaces $4 Sat. $8 Sun. 
1428 Austin Hwy________ 818 1488 
| French fireplace mantle. B ird­ seye maple with gold carvings, beveled mirror Brass bird cage collection, one or all. Brown bear skin rug 733 7775. 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1323 MC 
CUL LOUGH 
217 48o1 ll you have Antiaues. Jewelry, 
I Diam onds, S tarlin g . Gold or 
Oriental Rugs to sail, you'll get the 
Best Price from San Antonio's 
I Finest Shop: 

Iron Fireplace 
Hooped Skirt Frame 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE. 5o8 Polios 
JUST IN Large Selection Old 
Ceiling Fans, Lighted. Wall Tele­ phone, Cathedral Top Radios. 
Fancy Brass- Iron Beds. Old 
Round Oak Tables 
H ill C o untry T ra il A n tiques 
139* W Son Antonio Street 
________ New Braunfels________ 
Miss Lou's is having a moving out sale. 3o** off on oak wardrobes, iron beds, cash reg ister, and much more! A PLACE IN TIME, 
4337 McCullough 82* o828_______ 

O A K F U R N I T U R E 
Orobo Antiques. 2934 Austin Hwy 

O P A ’S A N T I Q U E S 
_______22o3 S. Hqckberry 
Plates, Pinball machine, chairs, mirrors, cash readier. Jacobean sideboard 494-3933.__________ 

Q U E E N S A N T I Q U E S 
28o9 Fredericksburg Hours 
9-5 
TAIL END ANTIQUES 
Oak Sideboards 
MATTIE'S ATTIC 
Tiffany Lamp in Colonies North Moll 

Different Drummer 
Antiques Accessorles-Collectables 
1o2o TOWNSEND, 826 37*4 
ALAMO HEIGHTS_______ 
To Sell your Antiaues 
ONE AND ALL 
Here's the number tor you to coll 
*33 2*oo, *33-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LISTER 

CHANCE OF A LIFE TIME 
Rare M iniatu re Horses 

2 6 " toll, Valued at $ 2 5 ,o o o . Available at $ 5 ,o o o 
Only Breeder in U S will never be on M arket ogoin 
Come and see rarest, most valuable ond odored animals ever created • all colors. W I. approx, IOO lbs. 49 4 - 
2 4 o 5 after 6 p.m. 

A H A L E T R A I L E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New ond Used, far Sale or Rent 
Also feed Barrels with Lids 
SLIMP OIL CO. OH IH 37 
333 $151 *o4 Carolina nit** 
____________ 344-7213____________ 
American Point Morse Assn. Stud 
Service. Old Mr Moore, 14 bonds 
12oo lbs out et Siemon Hank ond 
Manny McCue. Exc. Mare Car*. 
$33 3871 222 924o, *49 139*. 
A N N U A L Y O U T H B E N E F IT 
HORSE SHOW. April 2nd wlfll rain dote April 9th, IO p.m. Cop parent's Arena. IU mile E of 
Loop 419 on Rigsby. High Point 
Jr, and Senior Prix* will be Net- i son Buckle. For info. coll 924-7*oo, , 
449 o828 or l l * 84)8._____________ 
Appaloosa Gelding I4hands. 4 years, showay, spirited, exper­ ienced rider S37S Firm ava*. weekends I 379 7888.__________ _ 
AGHA Roan Mare, Sorrel More, 
Exc Child s Horse, teas New 
Braun I 899 7917._______________ 
'•AR AB Gelding- show or plea­ sure, (olw ays in ribbons). Bv 
Appi. 1-7*9-33o; aftgr 7:3o______ 
Baby C alves $3o SSO- G rass 
Colyes $*o-$l IO 922 8449_________ 
I 2 Blk Cow Prs $275 ta., I Holstein, 
! 2 calves $4oo 18 mo. Angus Bull 
$124. 922 8449__________________ 
Breed Your M are Ie the G raal 
Palomino Stallion Mr Perfection. 
Saddle bred. Frank M cClaron, 
82* 2349, 824-5o*3 

*1 3 o 7 . 
HARRIS 
WESTERN CENTER 
- 7 7 2 - 3 6 3 4 
6 2 2 - 9 3 o o 

HAY Delivered 
1 *85 33*1, I 997-37*7 
Jump Saddle. Lady's Saddle Suit. 
D erb y. Dressage W hip, G irth 
Cover 484 5 
3 
o 
2 
. _________ 
Kloster Eng. Saddle, EXC. cond 
Steuben Bridle I 7*9 lips._______ 
Lg Lighted Arena. Lenge Ring. 
Board, Troin. t i AC. *53-1452 
LIM O U S IN 
7S°» Red Bull. 2* mo*., Dandin C. 7$% Red Heifer, 
12 mot., Gdbriel I 179-18*9.______ 

Two Victorian sideboard Both 
Very O rn ate. One W ith Four 
Beveled Mirrors, One With Three | C A T T L E . G oats, Sheep ond 
Beveled M irro rs . O n* Queen i Horses far sale *22-921* 
Ann* Sideboard, with Nice Ova! 
.i ll 
Beveled M irro r. Hand Corved 
Victorian Living Room Suite 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Every Sat. l l Noon. Came, sheep, goats, horses, l l ml. S.W S.A. 
F a' m Rd 2173. Mo (.dona. T « 
Fertlliitd Coastal Bermuda 

Regency Antiques! 

- f i r 

M r* Brenner. 822 5449. 342-5979 

 eluding Cauch, Two Chairs, Two 
Large Tables V e ry O rn ate . 
Medium S lit Oak Dresser with 
Beveled M irro r, Two U p right 
Pianos. On# English Carved, One 
American Ploys Good. Oriental 
Camphor Wood Chest Very Old 
Highly Carved. Fin* Selection of i Thousand Eve Glass and Stained 
Glass Windows. Queen Anne 
Bookcase, Oak Draw Leaf Table 
1 Call 34 1 7337 or Can Be Seen This 
Weekend al NORTHWEST FLEA 
MARKET 

UPRIGHT PIANO Smith. Lon don. Iron Grand. Mahogany fin­ ish, with inlaid Mother-Of-Pearl. 
First $8oo tokes 494 5349________ 
We repair old Pump Organs 
ED GAIDA'S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
28o* N Flores 
733-1 $4* 

•Coastal Bermuda* 
Sprigging and custom wark. also chisel plowing and hay bailing 
I 742 8413 Schumacher Bros, 

COASTAL BERMUDA 
Sprig Digger Wichita Model R- 
S.H. T it ■ J pf hookup. PTO. As is 
$793 I 338-1351 
__ 

CORRUGATES IRON 
$18 95 per sq 
FLOWERS LSR CO 
2$47 Goliad_____________ 133-* 171 

N u ! _____________ 
Hay $17$ per bol* in Born. Suth ertand Springs 2$ Bales Minimum 
22*o)41_______________________ 
Port Arabian Dapple Gray Geld mg 5 yrs old. $4o9. 217 15*o. 
Pastor* for H o rst*. IOO Acre*. 
Maxim um IO Wall and Spring water. Catching Corral- SI* per mo. 824-7341, 344 1787.___________ 
* PIGS, $29. aa- 4 wk*, ald. John 
Senna, *77-88*9 
Reg App stud service. ISO- White blanket. *9> 1o9o ofter *pm. 
Reg Horned Hereford pairs, and 
344-484o. bu ii 
Reg Polled Herefords. Bulls 12-2o mo* 341 7*oo; I 42* 3575 

BJIL 

DOGS— PETS i n n 

CoV,„rJ? 'n . I w-' sinndnIdh I B l o c k M a r. and LO- Saddle private party. Near Rondoiphj coverW4 ,fjrruD| 494 3797 
AFB. For into: *$9-14*2 otter *! sV r iNO SPEC I AL 
~ 
J1 > x * ’ » Penta Post 
S1-S9 
I ' i i I Corner Post 
.......... $3 99 
Att Domestic Tee Post............$1.17 l l' j ga. Impart B arb 
S1S.9S 
42" Twist Stays, par t 
$15 9$ 
J 'V PVC Pip# per C ..............SO SO 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3143 S E Military Dr. 311-4o41 

Custom hand made soddies, over 
$o used saddles in stack. 
Hundreds of 1st and 2nd line boof*. B and W Boot and Tocfc. 4o$ 
S. Guadalupe St, Son Marcos, Tx. 
I 391-4*7* 
E x c .!«' HALE Cam* trotter, elec. brakes HP tires SOSO 494 7 373 

936 DOGS CATS BIRDS PETS 
N 

Felps 14' Covered Stock $13o7 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTER 
♦22 93o9_______ 
1-772 3434 

A A AKC SH IHTZU PUPS 
Moles, females. Shots. 341-7o1o 
ACK Reg Pekingese female pup, 
$12o 824 3327.___________________ 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 

D E E R H U N T I N G 
$275 PER BUCK 
TBT RANCH 
(512)3*7 5o*9, 4-8PM______ 
Hunter and wile want 'bo ’ OOO acre brush country hunting and fishing tease 82*-1198 
_ 
Wan! Deer and B ird Hunting south of San Antonio for Houston 
Co., consider leas* ar doy hunting contract Call Bob Newland, 8-5, 
7)3 946 9547 
W ANTED 
Dear least for man. wit* and son, Bexar or surround­ ing countigs. 655 5547___________ 

Adorable AKC Yorkshire 
Puppies iii iii} 
Afghans AKC. reasonable to lov mg hemes. 461 7457 

81o MOBILE HOMES SlUi 

BONT GAMBU, SHOR 
Randol e n TW fest BUT 
YOU CAN, TW N SHOP 
Randol Marine 
On 
1976 Close Outs, 
Free trailer, 
Fro* ac­ cessories, Free controls on 
76 
Model 
Oose 
Outs 
Plus save hun­ dreds of dollars now! 
WI BUY AW) SIU 
Used Boats, Molar < 

MARINE 
I M 7 W. HMd.br — * 
7 3 2 - o 3 3 3 
C l a r a i n 

MISSION 
MOBILE HOMES 
Exclusive Dealer fa t... 
• Cameo • Fleetwood 
• H om ed# • Schul! 
• Sandpoint* 
S II US FIN s r large selection! 
22 SO AUSTIN HWY 
ASS 2194 
2922 S.W MILITARY 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

♦ t 

USED TRAVEL 
• TRAILERS* 
WE HAO A SUCCESSFUL Troller 
Show and traded tor some real nice used trailers. Come buy now while selection is good! 
HARPER MUTDR CO 
CAMPERLANU 
1491 S W Military 
934 5514 
Man Sol 9-4 p rn Sun. I 39 * 
W heelcom per, sleeps *. self contained, good cond, *55 4711 

—I——w—rn—rn————rn—i——a— 
8o2 MOTOR KOMIS 
__ 

AAA MI SERVICE 
MISSION TRAVEL CENTER 
139* Austin Hwy_ 924 324* 
A N T I T T S l W r Z l t J T f l 
3992 N W LOOP 419 
734 5131 

Ex­ cellent condition, spacious cock pit. trailer, cover, and accassor- i*s $993 334 9132, 22* 31o3 
M 
Bass Bool, depth fin d er] trauma motor, swivel seats, an­ chor lam. driveon trailer, $1999 
I 771 3I7S 
_________________ 
7* 14' Bass Beat. 'lOhp Johnson 
Dilly Got* Trailer 131 QSII 
TF Bool with motor and troller 
JSHP Gal* molar Good running condition $33o 149 8343__________ 
7* 17' Caravelle U5hp. I O. Cue 

BIRTRAM YACHTS fat Immediate Delivery 
21, l l', 42 
•JSTD fUKTRA M S 
21', 31', 31', 35 
Arriving Soon 35' 
GULF COAST 
M A R IN I 
' Texas larges', " dram Deeiei 
C all; S IU H O LM IS 
5 1 1 — 888 -8 o o 6 

 tom Troller $419o *38 o38o______ 
19 Center console ^gLi,i ISO Hp 
Mercury Power tilt and trim .; 
Tandem troller, like new t4tt$- 
I 739-4111 
197* Checkmate Boss Baal' I* 4 
< !S#hp Mercury. Custom trotter 
M.ke RUSS 341 133*____________ 
/* Chrystei Sailboat Scots J adults, golv ti oiler used 4 times cast $1*9o sacrifice $995 73* 3*99 c o w j a iJT H , BuntT T* 'AA'oharch 
Continental P E ISO Air baal *n ame 
Canoe 
Ironer holds 
* 
I on-w e 
Dido I Sell I4r 
Islip .lee 
Boston Whaler, galv fir 111 2875 
Dolphin Sail Boat and Trailer. 
Good Condition S815 532 39*9 
23 FEET 

BAR BOB 
M O T O R H O M E S 
Exctutiv* t ■ anchised Dealer tar 
XPLORER. TRAVELOUEEN 
KINGS HIGHWAY, KEYSTONE 
342o SO PADRE ISLAND DR SI 
CORPUS CHRISTI, Tx 
79413 

 t) Brougham 26' Motor Ham* 
Dodge J U engine 
E X T R A S ! 
$993o *5o 3971 
Burk* Motor Ham* Canter _ 
1*o9 BROADWAV 
939-9134 
Continental ^ ra ilw a y * motor home, 37 t i salt contained, vary reasonable l i t 1539 
197* bodue Molar Ham * Vl, »r< self contained Sleeps * 9,oo9 miles Under w arranty. $9,999 
*33 919* arter lp m t i ' Dada* Ytovca. new engine, furniture. $9,959 Eves, 349-1915 fair"RVnT"Vogue H ' Villa S'r^T.’rfF twilit equipped, sleep* I, rant by th * week. Leprechaun M otor 
) Rentals, 49* 44o/ 
1975 C M I M ini Motor H a m * 
Under 12,999 mi.. 22‘, loaded 
P erfect condition l l I,$99 
*9* 7*98 or 11* 41*4 
S fx n xb J d i hom e---------- 

W AN TED 
Lot* model Travel troller 38 I* JI 
Call *9* 2797 
W . i U V m 
~ fy aes af tra v e l 
Traders Call MEL 924 3 314 caic ifs ieee- 

FOR RENT 
349 *772 , 349 4 3)1, 734 9 389 

BMC Motor Home Rental 
Doily and Weakly Rotes 
PHONE 
MI-7112 

Just Arrived 
Cruise Boats Newest Slop* Deck 
Deep Sea Beauty! 
It Fishing Over Th* (Auto Junk 
Yard ar Sunken ship Areas) A1 
Th* Coos! Gels You E x c ite d 
Cam* Se* This On*' Large Twin 
Att Bait Baxes, Rod Haiders. Pol iv, 192 Sa Ft of inside Spec*, JOI 
Cu m Ford OMC Outdrive, Dual 
Trader $99*3 
HOLIDAY MARINA 
Lake McQueeney, 311 337 *421 
I* Fiberglass bog!, t ilU P 
Johnson molar. Complete with gas lank. lite tackets, etc. Goad condition $1oo9 *94 1714 
Far sal* by awner. i»»2 Aqua 
Sport, 1 9 * I J S HP Evinrude 
Mold with puwtr lilt. galvanic** trailer, used 111 hours, $35o9, 
Monday Friday. 8 am 5 pm, attice 
824 2358 
______ lf or Sale. 21 
Cherokee Cabin 
Cruiser, Inboard 1)8 hp motor. dilly tandem trailer excellent 
S*"* W M U t 21/3 ll^ l lo at-ifH erse molar, Bor! needs little wore oft ♦ 913-7*3* 
IS It Iu T lf« * ll plywood baal. fiberglass butlam Idaul tar Bay fishing. 4o hp Johnson 19*3 mod malar excellent shape Beat en pipe tilt ll' wheel trailer, licensed tor >7. $*38 cash 932 9943_______ 
2511 Cabin cruiser, tlyb ridgei trailer $l9./$9 *53 1993 l»>3 i4 H Ctfclbl fiberglass ie! baal with 24> hp chevet atef Cor* vette engine with less than 299 hours 
1974 duel wheal O rily trailer Beth in excellent cond!- lion $31o9 311-5*9 39/3 3*9 287* left Stair fish Suilbaaf, i59s 
T C X A L L Boot, 222-9621 
CACI H i 1**4 

1974 19ft stornc raft, 455 Olds. let drive galv trailer full lop. builtin teaches! Deep V. $3593 Bill's 
Lake Placid Boat Club, Seguin. 
J79-49X5 i7 ? T ilit YoKlt, J .! i i i 6ids, 
■ custom trailer s4*93 or best otter. 
4*1 238* evenings_______________ t i ^ unmaster with SO ftp Mer- cure, 
Gaiv 
Trailer 
$3** aq 
*561589 
7* GLASTr 6 n V is* Bowrider pius gal* trader 7ohp evinrude extrqs1 33859 *84 3387 
________ 
MOBI 14 Catamaran with huller? 
$16oo like new *3* 29o3 

 j 
Hume Cai Sailbnats 
DISPLAY at STONE MARINE 
7249 Bandera Road 
Dealer 
Jewett Services, 342-8779 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
I 
Lake McQueeney. I l l SS/ M il 
Open Everyday except Monday 
; Howtebesl, le ft. overhauled 4Shp 
Johnson $183o 349 t i l l 
•••iiu Johnson, eiecfrlc, controls, f as tank $39o *3* 3383 
$3hp OMC sterndriv* complete, less than 45 hrs running tim * 
Pulled out and replaced with larger unit. $I9$o 
T E X A L L Boot, 222-9928 
Jet Boat Lr. i cvi 6rgy Marin* eng troller Many extras SHS9 
3379378, l l * I4M 
MLG Buat. 14 7 Shp Mercury with duly tilt trailer. Like new $799 
*53-1997. _________________ 
7} mod*! terry Bass I oat. John san 2$hp electric start, troller, trail molar 
$191$. 
T E X A L L Boot, 222 9921 r a t e s k i b 61V------------- ll' Slovan*, W trailer, 4o9 hp V drive, 7$ pius mph Extra Clean 
SII 4131; * 33 3443 banger 33' Sailboat equipped, race cruise reduced 12* 3393 
ROCK l o t TOM P R IC li en In voders and Deck Bouts, johnson and Mercury* Service and stor­ age at me Lake RAY S MARINE, 
Canyon Lake. Hwy 2*73 near 
Stortlville, 1 999-11)9 
Runabout W 
Motor New Trailer, *74 VST 

SACRIFICE 
I 19 BOSTON WHALER With SSN 
Chrysler engine For more info ask tor jim ai PGC MARINE 
497-IME 
Sacrifice Cabin c iu is ar, fully leaded reg 
$1o,o9o only $4,959 
923 7439 
---------------- TT 9TY i m 
---------------- expels* ANO NI VU* 

ADD A ROOM, Custom Built, 
Sn*, Delivery Terms, 923-434* 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country Mobil* Home sit*. IS ; 
' min North on San Pedro Only 
SHOO, SIoo down. *21 * * per 
‘ month , al I % tor 144 months 
: This one wont last long Coll I today! 494 34)9, 342 19o1 - LA ] 
KECROFT REAL ESTATE 
I 
American Mobile A Modular 
HOMES IN SAN ANTONIO Inc i 921-7)41 
911 6441 j 
' Assume paym ents c t 14x8o 
: Mobil# flame. unturmshea 
*26-1914. 
Beryl s Mobile Home Center 
NEW and USED *$1-6961 
1**13 IN 33 NORTH (S*lmo Exit) 
Buy this m orning, m ay* your 
: mobil* on this afternoon Large 
> Hill Country s it*. IS m in. N ' 
: Payments less than ranting in park LAKE CROFT REAL ES 
TATE 494 34)9 or 343 18o8 i bv Owner 
73 Southwmd '4x6o unfurnished, 2 bedroom, I both, all appliances, used only I year. 
' *?8o° 69* 994* 
73 Coventry 44x14 I bedroom. J bath, furnished A ir. w asher, 
1ox19 sto r*ag * shed. skirting 
$7ooo Atter Sp rn 4*13147 beiuxe trailer. 3 bedroom. J both, 
$2,5o9 down and lake up payments. 68 1 938) 
Furnished 4 bedroom Workshop large ten cod lot *21 3o71 
Hug* lot with 2 bedroom mobile home Surrounded bv shod* trees and l l trad trees 49' porch facing 
Lake Dunlap Will sell home fur­ nished or unfurnished. I-42S-2932 
■ 
INSTANT CASH ~ 
For used mobile homes 
824 314o 
914 *414 

J I ll MOBILE KOMIS ~ 
New Used 11499 IH J5T4 433 94/1 

LANO INCLUDED ' 
2 J or 4 bedroom unit, hiahly im proved, fenced, large trees. 15 year terms IO minutes northwest on IH IO *9* 21o7 
BILL PRICE REALTY 
'74 Magnolia double 24x14, I be droam, 2 bath, central hoot, air 
Equity, assume 991-9131 fcioBllF H O M !, 8 x 42, air con 
Kittened, larg e patio awn skirting, metal storage room All in excellent condition. 484-7*97, < 
734 598* 
M bblLE H 6U E '6flN E R ?~ 
Need a tim* extra cash? 
I WE buy Mobil* Hum* Tiros and 
Wheats 819. Each irin g in ar we 
Pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
27*2 E W M ILITARY OR 
922-o54o________ 

M ob. M oi, J W x*$ I b e d ro o m , 
2 bain, patio, fully loaded, asking 
$2299 eauity ar best otter Take ever payments. $91.1* mo. Coll atter S » *76*919 
Ne equity', assume luau S17S mo 
14x81', 3-2 Carpetad, dishwasher, disposal, control air heal, Marion, i 1 4291397_____________________ 
/ I Porkwood 13x45 1', baths. I bedrooms. Assume ar refinance 
19399. 689-99*3 eyes 
_______ 
74 S x V llN E I4x54, fcuuily end 
Payment at 
891 97 ma. 
Cab 
43) 9299 

AKC AFGHAN PUPS t nm*. 
: ________ a r n u t 
• AKC AFGHANS# 
Pups # Stud Serv # 344-729o ort 4 
•AKC AFGHANS# j 
Chomp. Lin9s___________699-27o9 
AKC Bartoi (Russian Wolfhound) 
Show Quality, Red and White. tem 3 mgs, 432 33o9 
AKC Cocker Spomel 7 wks. males. 
Black. Black and Tan, shots, wormed 341-3o24. 
AKC Cocker Spaniels, champion blood lines. Block. Block ond tan 
*75-o284 Otter S 3o pm __________ 
AKC COLLIES 
Soble White, mole 1 438 7281 
AKC COLLIES. Ch Sued Sables ond Tri's. 423-43) I_______________ 
AKC Dalm atian Puppies. Reg 
S4S 473-8419.____________________ 
AKC German Shepherd, male 4 mos Old 494-8242_______________ 
AKC German short hair Pointer 7 months eld Pet. watch dog or hunter Will heel, stop, and stay, and com* an command Retrieve in w a le r. 
B e au tifu l dog. 
$1oo 433 39o9____________________ 
AKC G R E A T D A N E H A R L !.' 
Q UIN 
P U P S , 
C R O P P E D 
“ U M I______________ 
AKC Great D an* pups. Fawns 
SISO Terms. 923^494 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Ca« 
Miss Moore 
22S-1666 

FELPS HORSE,STOCK 
AND GOOSENECK TRAILERS 
Sales, S e rv ice. R e p a irs , and 
Trailer Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o Eost 
(S W W While Rd ) 333 1611 
FE R TILIZED COASTAL HAY m i ’ t t . I 
Gentle H Simmenial herd bull. 26 mos old 439-1914 

Beautiful Purebred German She pherd Pups $49 eg. cosh 4768698 
Black 
G R E A T 
D A N E 
AKC puppies, block or blue SJ99-SSoo. 
Terms 1-439 1492 
Black Pomeranian Al Stud, needs temple 349-7147 otter 4 p m 

GRASS CATTLE 
•939 Block baldfac* sl#*rs»$l9 
Hereford Steers *55o Black bold­ face heifers. All a r* one brand, goad ta choice q u a lity , short yearling cattle in thin Mesh. Will sell ht lead lots. Joe Cox. Box 499. 
A m a rillo . 
Taxes 
ZOTOS 
8o4 376 549o oftfr 7pm 
Gray mare. I yrs. eld English or 
Western Good barrel or lumping prospect for experienced rider 
$3oo 484 33SJ 
G runwal I horse tra ile r, exc cand 1-277 3294 atter $ p m 

Stables in Castle Hills Excellent riding areas $2o mg. 342 1649 
WALZEM ROAD STABLE under new management Large Areno. 
Training Ring. IO Acre Pasture. 
Stolls with run. S II per mo Full 
Board Available 633 7?o4 
WANTED 
Gentle Palomino mara. Reasona pie 499-2122___________________ 
Young A-1 Br oho rn Holstein caws ond hatters. 433 8231 
4 Yr ald Reg Appaloosa Gelding 
King Clegg B reeding 
B right 
Sorrell with whit* blanket. P er­ formance or Pleasure Prospect 
»?<» 
5 yr Prince Honk M ar*, naif sister t* World Champion. In foal ta 
Prince Plaudit and Joker B Stat lion. J other Appaloosa Fillies. 
Must Sell 34 1 o344 otter 3 p m 

 till BUB!!! BQMiS SAU 
MI IUSIMSS11817111191 
Blk Pomeranian At Stud, needs temple 349-7)47 atter 4 p m,_____ 
B lond* ar black cocker and cock a poo m ixed p u p s 
SIS 
633 o344 
BORDER COLLIE Pups A R F 
Reg Stud Service 649 1224______ 
Boston T e rrie r Puppies, our- ebred, wa papers. $7$ br. S21-4146. 
Ch 
B loodline 4 mo old m o lt: dryer, trost-fre* refrigerator, al 
Painter $25 4*1-2498 
* • w etbar, shag carpeting. I ’ ceilings plus a professional built storage house and other goodies. 
May be seen by appt only. 

I yr OH mare, block 14.3 hands. 
$2o9 9 yr. OH m ara, bay 15.3 hands, good all-around horse, ex­ cells h u n te r-iu m p a r. 
$499 
1 537 4892 
_________________ 

Spartan m obil* home tar sale, skirted with 4o' patio cover, 4 ton air conditioner, leak-proof faucets thruout, I bd rm i and 2 baths, wood paneling, well insulated, gorbag* disposal, new M aytag dishwasher, their bast, wosher- 

Choi oiote Poodle Pupates 
Audrey 337 t m 
Ch 
Sired AKC Rag Shatlgnd 92765o4 
Sheepdog*. Soblt-White. oil shots end wormed 736-9*94 otter 3.____ 
Dachshund Puppies. M iniature 
AKC, Smooth and Long Coats. 
494-5911 
' 
DACHSHUNDS. 7 wks old 

W ANTED!!' 
USED MOBILE HOMES 
CASH FAST SERVICE 
MR MILES 914 4131 
WE TAKE TRADE I N I WE 

IIT 
H IU ” . 

AKC 
G R E A T 
O ANE m ala puppies. 
B lack H a rle q u in 
$15o up S II 344 4254 Tue Thur, 
MWF arter $ JO_________________ 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
MUST SELL 
• 
635-9192 
AKC Keeshond puppies. 3 beauti tut females. S/S each. Kerrville 
512 2$7-77*2 otter 5pm or woo- ' 
Lends 
AKC LABRADOR PUPS 
Ch Lines, yellows blks 3263393 
AKC Lhasa Apse Puppies 
SHS 
*5* 1293 

BUY USED MOBILE HOMES 
■ C A L L : MAX 
924-4225 

O ih^A Tr I ' ^l ' i I b.*n|U'e.Ui 
1 ‘•td ro o m . le e r . 
* ^ i r f fenced lot 11x32 Morgan portable! 
\> $ troll, ears Hipped, don buiidinQ 494-1491 us 
— hOus^i 2oo_623_55 35_______ 
o9 

WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 
New Desk train 
........... $99 
New (ties tram 
. . . $56 
New st*** chairs from 
$34 
New ixec. choirs tram $69.5o 

Alta Use* furniture 
126 Ion Ann Street or 

W IO at Culebra, 736 559o 

All Salas Cash an* Carry 

,il!. ny 
<57 3 

AKC Mala Blk Corker spaniel fmos, $13o-papers 673 3434 

•AKC M A LT ES E 
SMALL FEMALE $159 634 HOI 

•AKC MIN. SCHNAUZER* 
Pups, 7 wks • 426 1719 

B e m a n Pinscher Chih of S A lf ottering l l week Ohed and Confirmation Classes starting 
Apr 2, 9:38 a.m. Regency Elem 
School. B'wav at Bitters. 453-2373; 
I 497-M19 
______________ 
Battel Puppies. AKC Toy Pea- dies 431-o311 
_______________ 
Far Sale or Trade * ma old Apri­ cot Afghan, Reg Healthy, very friendly Cull 349 827» att *P rn __ 
For Sale or Trod* 4 mo old Apri , col Afghan. Reg Healthy, very, friendly Coll 344-1179 att ap rn f » fcE PUPPIES, '» irish S*H*r. ^ 
Y p m 
L ist s v i m b i 

1ox57 I bedroom I bath. 1ox1o patio cover, air, vary goad cond! lion Best otter *3* 7*1$_________ 
14x76 ; bedroom. I bath, untur- nished 446*7)9 otter 3 p.m._____ i5*o.i I bedroom, turn $144$. 
*33 9471; *51 633* 
1x39 turnishad Mobil* Home Air 
$1599 ar bast otter 337 $144 oner I pm 
8X31 House fra ile r, turn. J be­ droom, l l.6>o 121*919 
Ilk >o Lanier turn, centi!, J heal, lacatad W harton 
Dock, Bandera 83,399. Call John 
Alexander. *38-91*3 ar *94 1999 

FR EE PU PPY Good with chil dr en 2 months old 444 !,7»2 

AKC 
N o rw eg ian l l 
E lkhou nd 
FR EE lo good horn* Reg tem Lob I yr **1-4739 

 tixU 'A tolt.i* W tented lots 
819.o99 
Call 

 lam# on 2 corner 
Covered polio. 
Pat* et 
7*2-994, 

^ ------------ 
—s -------.G O L D E N R E T R IE V E R . AKC 
AKC Norw**ian Elkhound Pups, r e g 
Far m ore info rm ation. 

Blk >413194___________________ 
14**9 NEW, 2 bedroom 

Ch Bloodline. Exc. Watchdogs, shots wormed 344 1/1o 
AKC Red Dobermans 
985-3144 
I 
AKC Reg 
G olden R e trie v e r puppies, great with cmidrtn. no turol hunters * wks. ald USO 
__ 
AKC Reg. Labrador Puppy 9 wks, 
ISO 361-1997 j 
AKC REG Rhodesian R.dgeaack, t,m g l.,7 j2 J 1 *6 442 >9/7 
AKC Samayeds m other and 2j mole pup* 41? )4»3_____________ 
AKC Shelties. Champion Sired, i 
° * * f iRttt j 
1 AKC toy Poodle puppies Shots. 1 
I wormed, groomed $75 *99 93$) 

I 436 4444 
Golden Retriever Puppies $128.1 
AKC David Doran I 7 73 */$» ___ 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champian sired I 7 » «$4* 
I 
Halt Alaskan Husky Halt German 
Shephards 
82$ 
Shots and 
Wormed. Seguin. I 374-Do I1 
I 
JONES POODLE SHOR; Seguin. iii) UP I 174 9o)1_______________ 
LAB AKC CH SIRED 
Black Fem pup Show Q uality 
J H S !* , H i 
______________ i unaired Chihuahua, mal* SSO 
M J H ' a z jt t t t_________ 
Lovely Red Irish Setter female 
81$ *465382 
______________ 
ONLY 2 L E F T ! AKC Mole OO-1 

 ivy bath turn 39899 
We discount tor Cosh! 
RED RIVER Mobil* Homes 
2611 AUSTIN HWY 
4S1-97SI 
Ifxeo s t V lI K a *," I l a d 
^ r bath, claan $43o9. 4*9 1994 
112 • Mobile HofM Spices 
XS uffandrcuTuTTM cTfoh^TuC house with swimming pool Paved streats, underground utilitias. large la it, ne pet*, best main- 
•ainled park in town, on S E Mili- 
: tray Dr west at IH37. across tram 
Brooks Field, indian Hills Mobil* 
Home Park 333-o919. 

AKC W hit* Germ an Shepherd q .Tm -A Puaoies * w ks sI 59 moi*. 2 yr* ald vary Intelligent 
#jii5£< e n ism A j? i i i — — guard and tomily dog Wilt - y Z ' n ; trod* tor bicycles, old pickup ar •*•/♦ Lob R e tritv a r Pups 3$ 
829o cask ar past otter I 995-1999 69Q o43$ atter $ 
Silt! 7P m 
________________ PEKINGNESE AKC Pupa *,4$-up. 
WI! hgt^ tpr ioslyr /J I *418_____ 
POMERANIAN 
AKC 4 mo mole, $13$, I 423 o58$ 

AKC Yorkie Pups. Stud Service 
733 *851. 7)4 173o 
AKC YORKIES 
Quel.lv 3 mo male tem 824 4327 
AKITA PUPPIES $1oo SISO 
4 * IS I/ (Keep calling I 

Alamo Dog Odell Classes S V S rh* Aloma Dog Obedience Club POODL 

CANYON LAKE 
E x tra large m obil* bom * lot. 
$147$. $7$ down. o4 months at 
$21 l l APR OS 
Call A Jones, t u t 3o3 
China Grey*, I aer**, cliv utile lies gross, trees, $7$ 441 1218 
" ?O UNTAv LIVING 
Va acre mobil* home let*. Cheaper then rantin g 1 Horses allowed 
Law down 
BRIGHAM REALTY 673-)4o) 
___ 
F*«K*d La! w ill #Rtla, l l! utdi* 
POODLES. AKC Min Asia T Cup 
TJ £ . 
POODLES 
8229291 

 and Med s it* C h ih u a h a s 

Th* Alamo Dog Obedience Club POODLES, AKC Min Asta T Cup l * r M * Oh* Med- S II* C H IH U A H A S 
• : Spring Training Classes, Sunday,! *27 27*8 
? £ 
M ort" 
1977,r#m 1 
1 • m »• a z a i i c 1 
All I 7 ii N* L9ep Expry MIO) Th* ll * 
Lhasa Apse 12 week aid wee* course will be otVeieditor ii H I */?* 
Basic. Novice. Advanced Novice. 
Opan and Utility Dogs must be at least 9 months al ag* and hay* prggl of robles v a c cin a tio n 
Classes w ill be held Tuesday 
•vamngs, starting March 29. 1977 at 7 o8 p rn Phone 341 9*11 tram 
8 39 a rn ta 5 OO a rn , after 3 99 

 r S T 1 6 6 1 $ m n $4* * 5 
LOU NOR Muon# Hum* Pork 
2415 Castrovilt* Rd 43) 2944 
I o f NEAR-r ATaBS'Cph"fTe ITd" 
1ooX2o8 Owner financed 
$39 down, 529 month 
*84 4211 or 781-9943 
PIONEER REALTY 
MOBIL E HOhf l PARK l 6 ts 
$45 mo FMA approved, Judson md Schools *58-o9)3 *59 1)2* 
N i . th ad y A e r** T r tila r Rh. ilsr. $3414*4 444.33 fenced atar* roam. trees, 8)7 si iii • J ■ 
■! ijf 
Near Windsor Pk. Mall 12687** 
U*9d Part a Mi 

USED DOUBLE WIDE 
1974 EATON PARK 49x24 
Total Electric 1-2, new carpal, new furniture, excellent condition 
SOUTHPORT MOBILE HOMES 
299* SW M ILITARY 
924 4221 

American Field Trial Ch Im# 
Lug sellers >73 9367799 ______ 
ANIMAL DEFENSE 
League. 113o9 Nacogdoches Rd 
Pets shawn 7 days (9 ll 39 a rn , 
14 p m .) Head Laving Home*. 
Terrier Chihuahua, Shepherd. 
Puppies. Kittens. Many ethers All 
MiaH 
1 
ANIMAL DEFENSE 
League, 111o9 Nacogdoches Rd 
Pel* shown 7 days (o11:3o a.m., 
1-4 a m .) Need Laving Homes 
Terrier. Chihuahua, Shepherd. 
Puppies. Kittens, Many others AM shuls 
B eau tifu l 
AKC 
C hihuahua 
PuFp.es S/3 33) 7399___________ 
B E A U T IF U L 
E N G L IS H 
SPRINGER s p a n ie l s , « weeks 
Liver Whit*. Austin area Please caM 512-351 3o13 aHer 3 

Reg Doberman Pinscher* tor 
*•19 $3? 4*)1___________________ 
2 Registered ternate Pit Bull Tar ngrs. 889 eg. i n U82/ 
Reg Seolpoml Siam *** Kittens I fencad. tiara roam. l r • * * . » / 5* 
BGI 891 *9 433 956*_________ 
ROB CARY KENNELS 
B eardin g ond 
T ra in in g e ll 
Breeds Ohed Classes starting 
Mar 28 and 3o Puppy Clos* (7 wks to 4 met), Basic ( older 
C A R Y L 
FI 
*44 7787 
______________ 
S ia m *** Kitten, tam ale. B iut- pcint 9 wks. SIS Call atter 5pm, 
34676o8 
Unusual Peek A Poe pup, mala, 
. k l e s a u i. u v ___________ 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
8 A vice WHI nearby re p u ta b l* brood er 
494 7787, *73 46o3 

— b'lfV oLO S5T1M V F il e — 
421 344)_______ 
Electric gemuxilon cash register, metal sacratary dotk with left return, steno posture chair, dis ploy cot** T-Shirt rack. 224-1221. ask tor Eorl. 
Entire start datura* re up ma*!, als* marchandis*. raasanefel* 
Myras Army Store 224 W Houston, contact Max M M Military Ca. 144 
E Houston l l * 499 ) 341 3943 
For ALL NEW and U<ED Kitchen fc UU. pm en 1 ond Supplies Sa* 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Ca. leo# Son Pedro 
713 9931 
I c t‘Kiio * rune. Bear Box, treater, kitchen cabinets, central air end beat unit 11 > tan 229 air cand! honers 734-9193 id EM AK ER AAA l b~Whir Ipo'ol with 
6o9 lb sterog* bin, excellent con ditian, replaced by larg er mg- chine COM 222-9739 anytime 
----------- LEASE O E * A b'L f----------- 
Say* an solid walnut Alma desk, and matching Cradeni*. Walnut sacratarigl desk, swivel chairs 
Also 
Portable telephone in briefcase. 
REAOAN A CO 
1391 N PAN AM EXPW Y 117 63( 
L ib rary m etal keobcases and truck, m a g a iin * display rack. 
94x19 folding tables, artist's ta 
Pies, copy machines. IBM dicta! mg machines, comb* and coho tor. 714 3o91. 
--------------- L b u N d t 6ft---------------- 
TAVERN FURNISHINGS 
39 tables, 92 chairs, 3 bor stoats in vary good condition I IH Basse 
Rd., Til-TW , 734-3o9) 
••• . ■ v -•• •Ji 'o soli. Two mode! A. 
I hp Ounham-Bush, law temp refrigeration coils and blowers 
Also Hip coils ond blow ers 
Never been used, 89o9 tor all tour 9x34 Metal walk in coaler, I doors, I compartments, sacrifice. 
1975o. I Old fashioned 4 legged 
{bathtubs, 313. Eg. I K modeled 
I Therm# King. fre tte r unit, geed 
{cand far 14 to 14' body 815o 
) Central heating unit gas 348. 1942 
International truck tractor, runs good, 3759. I IO Radial arm saw, 
1 8113 217-9337. 
1 NCR Bosn Register * total witn lox Iota! 334 344o. *49 3338______ 
.PARED SHREDDER, 6#*lro r ll mod#) 3439, very good condition 
3199 
It l l Base* Rd 
7117147 
734 3991 ttY F¥ T6 * * l T 6 R S .* ! * o m i u bl**, .comaker s. mixers, fryers, 
I choir*, evans att. 711)291 iilb N I I ' l l 1 with H i chai.gtuoT# mognehc letters Fantastic "sales 
•atter." 8399 installed 
Terms 
*55*4*2 
' r n T I Total M Z R ^ esh A e g ir 

T f T T r 

(* mos and 
'E N N I L l , 

Oag Breeders Retorral Ser rill put v*u in touch with a 

DUH SM? S tint 
Pleas* Ne Chtidren 
Pinata Na Ovarmghtors 
Only Quiet Contained Pets 
Ten Spaces Remamma 
Dun Ravin, 7994 9 Floras 
413-9977 or 344 3*19 
4 * Apollo Hatchback txc*ll*n (! 
337o9 *89-4494 arter 3 IO wk da vs 

T O T j 11x32. terms gel. 63611)1. 
Used tliio ,d O Fan* w itl remel# 
{pick-up. 31139. 342-6459 
IW r N T iO ' 6 .7 1.1, .«r ik o n is* I 
Model HOO Electronic Stencil 
Cutter and G e * t* tn * r Paper 
Felder. Model Q Centaci M r* 
Martin 431 799$ 
W f i W . ' i t LL and R E d b N ffT 
T (ON 5$ gat sleet barrels 
SAN ANTONIO DRUM CO i l l E. CEVALLOS 223-7135 
M i nisms$ muiPMtNi 

 tR n T T o p !*r 7 N * w T S lv T ^TTT makes 2 tided cop.es Eecellent 
____________T __________ , copier tor small or tora* volume 
WEST Highland Whit* Terriers needs Priced substantially below 
Frisky Fem . 3 weeks AKC Sir* retail Far inspection and demon 
A hi-CRR C h a m p i o n , w orm ed j Stratton, coli *>6992o 
__ 
I omelet# groups of attic* lorn! lur# CUM 9-4. 223 574*___________ t enter knee Vable, 41x7*1 walnut 
: finish hit* condition *666 value 
5195 )49 444) 
Z rC P T T X R F T Y F r 

Whit* Poodle, I year* ald HS 
CRM: *7$-969). 
_____________ 
YOUNG COCKATIELS *2$ 
K f i a . 

M3 MILBMC MATERIALS 
“ TUI lJUIII liUHW 
1991 Austin St. 2261427 
Universal City, *$163)1 
'A T A M O E N tE R P R .iE S - 

I yr gip A K C N a g 
Sa am el m a l*. Sad 174 
S p r in g e r 
•9977 
3SO UNDHO O OS 715 *2*1 

HAS E V E R Y TH IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G b o n io ued I Iii' l~ ir * r Q g « ~ lld g 
F r * * o *h v *ry , Term *. 91* $99) 
5 i r < ib i iN f i6 ^ i .' U x i r i v i * pan bldg term s, tree del m -s tir 
________ 

CAH 125 ieee 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sundoy March 2 7 1 9 7 7 

So m e t h in g N e w , a n d Ba r g a in s To o . . 
Attend an Auction 
See our Auction Column 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong lorn Corrug Iron lengths to 7 o .......... $24.95 sq 
I i 12 Rough cedar lumber..........................5S< lin it. 

Railroad ties................$4.95 ea 
Asbestos Siding........... $26.95 sq 

Oak Whiskey barrels ..$14.95 eo. 
24o lb S/D rig . colors $14.95 sq 

IS tb lait, 4-sq ro ll.. $7.29 roll 

Insulation 3V*e” .......... 9164 sq It 

Insulation 6".................144 sq. ft. 
THE MONEY SAVER 
MasterGharge lonkAmericard 
Where Cosh Buys at Wholesale 

LEPPARD LUMBER* 
N e w S o lid C o re D o o rs , s i t .SO, 
P an e l D o ors S it .5o and UP. Bi- 
Fold D oors A T ' o r 7’ I ” SIS. HO I 
W C om m erce 

LUMBER BARGAINS la id Wall Point 
$3.SO 
2>4 No. 3 Select studs ... S94 
?*olb Seotdown shmoes $13.95 lid 
J CD* Plywood 
$6.99 
4.8 
. plywood 
1$1Q.9r 
?4«?4 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS i loot 
JOO 

“ C A S H A N D C A R R Y " 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 

12o71. Durango 
SSS 5I1S 

• Bough Yellow Pine • 

LUMBER 
Good Lum ber-G ood Lengths i t l l .......................................... IVC L F 
I 7x4 ....................................... tOVjC LF i 7x8 .......................................... MC L F 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
• SOO S e q u in R d , 226-3141 • 

USED LUMBER 
Coll H a rry cd 774-4641 

P o rta b le B u ild in g s M o v e d b y 
M organ Bonded. 633-8111. 

E A R L Y A m e rica n B ed ro om Set, 
In c lu d e * T rip le D re s s e r, H u tch , 
M irro r, Chest, N ig h t Stand, Bed ffepo m u st sell 8 x t7 , 1ox1o ox14 and Foundation 125o D isotoved 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
W e've got lots of it. It you need any q ua ntity, b rin g your lis t and b rin g your m oney. We g ua ra nte e ta save you m oney. 

D I T T M A R L U M B E R 
SOO Seguin "c t 
774 3141 
M O F F E T T LU M B E R CO 

 slo rg bulidg del te rm s 474 o37o 
Repo '7x37 storg bundu p ric e d lo sell fre e del 653-o111 
Special p rice 13x24 o ffice mason- 
He siding finish, terns*, del 
; 48* 1 7 3 6 _______________________ 
Used 13x7* ottlce shop or roam , t e m s ^ t ^ e d e ^ 3 ^ 1 7 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

9o7 FURNITURE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
^ M r m 
H n “ Q u e e f^ r 7 e ,? oT o 
Bed, 7 m a tching c h a irs , c o c k ta il table and end tables, SITS. V elvet couch, $1oo Love Seat 573 C h a ir* 
SSO. Assorted colors. Chrom e and 
Glass Tables SIS each AH W ood b e d ro o m s e ts . D in e tte s 
C o n 

9o5 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 

B o m o 8 M n r ^ t ^ i « t w ^ 7 r | 
Fre e D e liv e ry T e rm s, *24-5oo) 
| _________ 
D am age p ric e to sell 17x4o gor^ 
D elive r SM ITH CO N STR U C TIO N 
«— d uty flo o r, del. 
34*ct27. 
D IS P L A Y E D B u l N e v e r U s e d . heavy 
o73-4344. 

W holesale • R etail 
Dependable Since 1*35" 
4o7 N. Z a rza m o ra . 437-78o1 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6X 8...J29S 
8 x 1 o ..$ 3 9 4 ! 
Other sizes available 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
H e a v y d u ty F lo o r Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
Un Rd. 
226-3141 ^ 

C o m p le te H o u s e fu l F u r n itu r e 
W ill T rade for E qu a l Votue AH or 

O nly Con D e liv e r. S M IT H CON- 
I STRUCTIO N 3 4 9 - 4 1 2 7 _______ 
E X T R A F irm O rth o p e d ic K in g size M a ttre s s , 7 Box S p rtn a s In 
Foundation, $75 S till In O rig in a l 
Package. O ther Sizes Cast Less 
Can D e live r SM ITH C O N S T R U E I 
TION 3** 4177 TE R M S__________ 
F U R N IT U R E F O R R E N T A L 
P R O P E R T Y : 7 p ie c e d in e tte , i 54**5. V in y l couch ond lo ve te a t. 
SISO OS 
Fawcett Furniture 
414 Doloroso, 777-4517 
K a to tk in s D ow ntow n T h rift 
B asem ent, New used fu rn itu re 
731 E .C om m erce, 777-4341 
LACK S D iscount W arehouse 
Used F u rn itu re ond A ppliances t43 C O LISEUM OR 
275-7444 
M E D IT E R R A N E A N K ingsize Be 

BILD MART 
6o1 Florida • 534-o751 
DISCOUNT 
Building Material Store 

Im ond In Ow., 
St SS up kdti'VS.y wk* HMM 8*6(1 Nim . JJifA 
SU SSM til Mod Ut. tMton st ss 
Ivmioqtvn I rn Bm Caimito 
52* *3 
Bail I DocIim Wotmr. oms bai. 4 
M a'i late i 
JVS ' bam, os 

54*84 
$475 
U M 
$77 VS 
$77*5 
U W M 

SUS s m it h 
34*-4127. 
CO N S TR U C TIO N . 
Some Con D e live r S M ITH CON 
Oroom S u ite J Ptace^Con D e live r 
STRUCTIO N 34* 4177___________ 
D IS P L A Y E D F u rn itu re , B ro y h ill, 
Lone, Bassett, Serta, T h om asville ond other nam e b ro o d s A v a ila b le a t S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
Please Come M ake on O ffer on a ll or one piece. 34*-4i77. 

9o9 PAWN BROKERS 

A M E R IC A N LO AN CO buy seli trade a n yth in g of value 
1474 E C om m erce 

ET QUALITY ITEMS 
IET DISCOUNT PRICES 
O’ LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
GET THERE FIRST! 

928 MERCHANDISE MART 

 r n 
BTU 73o Volts. 5175 *77 5877 
A ir conditioner units, 7 in w o rk in g c o n d itio n 
A lu m in u m s c re e n doors ond w indow s 537-7*44 
A ir conditioners, ?*,oOCBTU, con­ denser, 7S.8ooBTU w in d o w u nit. 
M ake offe r o tte r 6pm, 3** *o37 
A ir c o n d itio n e rs 
Used, com pte telv re conditioned AC u nits Both 
HO and 77o volts AH sizes. 6o day guarantee. A tte r S. c a ll 456-74*1 or 
455 o*86 
A ir cond itio ne r, Si OOOBTU, c h a ir, adding m achine, CASH 
O N L Y , 
735 757*__________________________ 
A m a te u r R a d io C o llin s K W M 1 
53oo 
N e w S im p s o n M o d e l 76o 
YOM 58o call 877 3 m 
_________ 
56oo - 2 a n d 4 c h a n n e l s te re o re c e iv e r 53oo. Cosh o nly. 4*4-3313. 
A n tiq u e C h in o C a b .n e t, lo t * 
18oo s. *73 8o*3. 
________________ 
A n tiq u e c o m p le te b e d ro o m set folde r style ) good cond. 737-7833 
A ntique Oueen Ann d in in g room suite w ith b u ffe t and gloss china c a b in e t. R e fin is h e d , e x c e lle n t shope 4*o-o853 
A p p lia n c e ond F u rn itu r e , C o m ­ p le te W h ite B e d ro o m Set S U *. 
H id e a Bed $175, T w in B ed 575, 
D resser 54*. Chest 535. R e frig e r­ a to r 56o. stove 54*. E tc. WOS West 
Ave IO 6pm 737-65*5______________ 
A q u a riu m , T m gat . 5775 
Also 7 shelved w ro u g h t iro n stands. SIO eg E dw ard . 533-o717_____________ 
A Q U A R IU M 7* gal fu lly equipped w ith stood 533 3*33 
A T T E N T IO N 1 F ra m e d B a tik s and T e m p le R u b b in g s. R a tta n 
Swivel C h air, Copiz Lam p, Mon- key Pod. Wood P ro du cts Baskets and 
H i-C hair 
S elling 
Cheap 
68* o*48________ __ 
A T TE N TIO N L IF E IN S U R A N C E 
S A L E S M E N 1 Com plete E lb a SVS- tem SISO 4*4 1437________________ 
A u to b u ilt- in d is h w a s h e r , avocado-green, 3 m os old 5175 or best otter, 773 o8o). 
Baby bed. 7 co r seats, in fan t teaT, baby bath tub Boy s clothes up to size 3 684 7751 

G u ita r G ibson Les P au l d elu xe , gold top m odel 5375 *33-7368 
...................... 
- .....—........... G y m n a s tic U n e v e n B o rs -5 1 2 5 , 
I 73 cu. ti double door re frig e ra to r, 
Beam $6o 684-451o 

' C overed fib e rg la s s I wheel u tility tra ile r 873 7848. 

 older model $3o 836-oo5* 
CUSTOM M A D E SOFA. 8 ti loose cushions, $3oo 836-oo5*. 

H A M M O N D A IOO W ith Leslie and 
Bench S acrifice SIPPS. 684 3745. anytim e in d i- 
Dam aaed 1ox17 heavy d uty s lo rg 
H ide a bed, b ro w n . G ood bldg, m ust see. 737-517). 
; lion 734-5878 o tte r 5pm 
. 
. 
D A Y -B E D S ! C om plete u n it w ith 
HOT DAYS F rie d ric h w indow A t 
R E F R IG E R A T O R S , two, I a lm o st basts. 237-o877 

A P R IL I and 7. 621 Ogden St ( I 
' block east of San A ntonio College 
: betw een M y rtle o nd P o rk S ts.) 
I F rid a y . A pr 
I, lp m to 5pm ; Sa 
! tu r d a y . A p r 
2. 1oa m to lp m item s w ill include ponts, dresses, 
R e frig e ra to r, $175 W a sh er o n d tm *, s h irts , b lou se s, e tc. T h e re 
O ry e r, $15o M a tc h in g sofa a nd w ill tie a s p e c ia l Si OO so le on c h a r . $4o 
1 2 " B W T V , 5 I 5 . some item s This SI M sole s tric t 
Lam ps, SS 874-816*______________ 1 Iv on firs t com *, firs t toke hom e 

R E F R IG E R A T O R , a u to m a tic w a s h e r, fre e z e r-g o o d c o n d itio n 
Reasonable 374 1 *5 * 
__ 
R E F R IG E R A T O R . 55o 
W ASHER, SSO 653-4115 

 c o rn e r ta b le and b o ls te rs . new 51oo 828 3644 
L ik e 

BAR. custom m ade 59o 
227-5*67 lla m -A p m 
B e a u tifu l C o m p le te S p a n is h 
Q ueen Size B e d ro o m Set. L ik e 
New 535o 17o5 West Ave________ 
B e a u tifu l F lo o r le n g th c o lo r 
Console Television (P a c k a rd B ell 
25") 575o *74 o63o 
B e a u tifu l h a n d m a d e q u ilts , a ll colors and sizes. 535 to SSO. 2514 
T illic Or 
648 3478_______ b v u .ii.in i u< a t in a lly new G e im o n 
S h ru n k 
( b u ff e t b a r c o m b ) . 
1)8x76x18" 585o 533 8434_________ 
B eautiful special edition com pon e n l s y s te m bv H ita c h i 
SR-4Q8 s te re o r o c tiv e r o nd a m p lifie r , 
T PQ 174A 
I t r a c k p la y e r . 
HS 14ooW A coustic Super W oofer 
Speaker S ystem w ith w a ln u t fin ­ ish. 18x15x46 L ik e new 34* 7711, 
733*773. 
B e o u ty re s t b o x s p n n g . m a ttre s s 
D resser, m odern sofa ond ch o ir 
♦SS-$o*4. 
___________________ _ 

D A Y B E D S 1 C om plete u n it w ith c o rn e r ta b le and b o ls te rs . L ik e new 51oo 878 3644_______________ 
Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak. W a ln u t, M e ta l 
E x e c u tiv e . 
S ecretary. S tudent • la rg e selec­ tio n . 54* 5o a n d up 
A ls o G ood s e le c tio n of F IL E C A B IN E T S 
I 1131 Basse Rd , 733-7367, 734 3o81 
DESKS 
5o student m e ta l desks, 56 ea 711 
, Laredo H w y *23-4*4o, *24 1138 
I * " D ia g o n a l B la c k a nd W h ite 
P ortable TV (re c o n d itio n e d ) SSS 
HOPP s 1533 A ustin Hwy__________ 
! 25" D ia g on a l C olor C onsole T V , 
R e c o n d itio n e d L ik e N e w 52*8, 
I H opp’s 1533 A ustin Hwy 
D in in g R o o m Set W ith C h in g 
Cabinet and B uffet 3 y rs O ld P aid 
51 SM. Selling SSM 655-8*5o 
D ining ro o m suite C o nte m p orary, in good cond 535o, 333-25o8 
D ining set. b uffet, china c o b tn e f 
B edoom s e ts . E a r ly A m e ric a n sofa, tea c o rf, s e c re ta ry , b u n k - tru n d le beds, end and coffee to hies. la m p s, stove, re frig e ra to r, ch e rry wood table I ch airs, love seat, 826-4213 
D IS H W A S H E R . 
F r ig id a ir e a v o c a d o p o r ta b le , 
51oo 
F r ig id a ir e a v o c a d o W A S H E R - 
D R Y E R U N IT , $15o 
B oth new 
AM O fr o s t fre e R E F R IG E R A - 
TOR, 575 828 3644________________ 
D is h w a s h e r, w h it * p o r ta b le 
F rig id a ira . 565. * ’ gold ve lo u r sofa and love seat 5225 set. AH wood 
Spanish d in in g ro o m set, 8 high back ch airs ond toble (extends to 
I* ') , 535o. M ony m ore item s. 1o25 
D ivision Ave 532 57*o____________ 
D ishw asher, S ignature, 1o-cvcle, gold. Like N e w 1 u n d e rw a rra n ty . 
736-78o* 
Dishw asher, W hirpoo! P o rta b le 5 cycle 2 speed W hite S IM , 4*2 **31 

22o outlet, 82oo BTU A l! 51o5 Or top otter 734 616?_______ 
18ho Engine E le c tric S ta rt Call 
681-316*________________________ 
Inside door u nit STS, P atie n t L ift 
A l shope 653 7766_______________ 
Ju keb oxe s. W u rlitz e rs . old and new to r sale o r re n t A lso c o in operated gom es. 364-7444 
_____ 

 new 3 fans, good cond. 736 3o73 
I * " Repossessed C olor P o rta b le 
TV $2*8. Hopp s 1533 A ustin H w y 
R iding la w n m o w er. 5hp Toro, ex eel, cond $25o 34 3 2o72 o tte r 4 

1o3 A rg o , Sat Sun o n ly . 8-6 pm , tut n, bike etc 826 72*5__________ 

R iding Low n M ow e r 5 h p . L ike new $1*5 872 968o 

E d g e r STO 
L o w n m o w e r S IS . 
Bean bag SS 
TV 575 C u rta in s , d ra p e s. O T H E R M IS C 
IT E M S ! 
Sot Sun O N L Y ! 35o7 W o o d v ille m s s j i 

K en m o re Range, F rig id a ire R e ­ frig e ra to r. W ic k e r 
Floor 
L a m p 
824-o857. 
K in g M in i R u c t io n 1 C o m p a c t ra n g e , s in k a n d r e f r ig e r a t o r com bination N e ver used 4*4-1457 
K in g s iz * bed (c o m p le te ). E x c e l­ le n t co nd , SISO, t r u n d le w ith c o v e r 3 p illo w s . 2 m a ts 575. 
342-758o. 144 8474 

Roll top desk, o p p ro x 8o yrs old. la rg e, E X C E L L E N T CONO , 575o 
O m efte set. 34" ro u nd tab le w ith e x tra le a l. 4 c h a ir s N E W , 575 
S3? 2568 lp m 3pm Sundoy 

7 fa m ily G arag e Sale, fu rn itu re . baby item s, clo thin g , etc Sat and 
Sun 2766 Texos___________________ 

R O U N D E X T E N S IO N T A B L E , 
P o lis h e d w o od to p . n e a r n e w . 
S IM 826-oo5* 
___ 
S e a ly p r o p e r f ir m m a ttr e s s . p ra c tic a lly new. 5*5 824 8436 
I * ” Sears B lo c k -W h ite P o rta b le 
TV, goad c o nd itio n 525 532 3643 

•FLEA MARKET! 
L arge st in San A ntonio 
Spaces 54 Sat, 58 Sun 
1428 A ustin H w y 
828 1488 

» 177] 
H to Amin igy sin! IN WI 
SlomisH MMI Ms* Mi?! 
Heroi, ss ISO (IN Hists* 
•Nisi im! tssNsf I 
(tx SS NJ S qui 
(SS 534n 
Ttsyl pinto fstJss Now. K n 
SI I* 
HYV, l l 7* ftstNst toto* (sjv sslis 
NstNssS 
J] I % sh (Of pun 

M O MART carries TRU-TtST paint - select from 124o custom colors 
$$$SAVI$$$ 
CASH ’N ’ CARRY 

MttftcrOwf* * •emirAmplerd 

C & S LUMBER 

CO M PAN Y 
SPRING SHOALS 
Kiln dried— Nae Brite 
2x4 • — 14 No. 2 Yf 
16< 
2x6 8 -1 4 Ko 2 YP 
2x4 8 -1 4 Ko I TP 
2x6-8-14 Ko I TP 
2x8 8 -1 4 Ko 2 TP 
2x6 8 -1 4 Ko I TP 
BARGAIN HUNTtRJ 
SPECIAl 
2x4 prtcul KO fir studs 
2x4 precut KO TP studs 
2x4 1o— 16 KO fit 
2x6 1o-16 KO fie 
4x8 VV COX DFP* 
4x8 
7/16 
R S U hdiscord sdg. 
8nn»d A grade i f 95 
CASH I CARRY 
WHILE STOCK LASTS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(512) 924-A556 

S E J A S !!) * SAU 
93? AUCTION SAIL 
— * r n 
- 
932 AUCTION SALE 

SOUTHWEST 
WAREHOUSE CO. 
6 o o S. Austin St. 
Dallas, Texas 
Monday - March 28 - IO AM and Tuesday - March 24 - TO AM 
(if necessary) 
25 SEMI TRUCKLOADS OF 
GROCERIES - HARDWARE - OTHER 
RELATED ITEMSI 
To Be Sold to the Highest Bidder 
Could Be Close to $1,ooo,ooo 
Retail V alu e!! 

This sale w ill have som ething fo r everyone including the Ind ivid ual, Institutiona l and Bulk Buyer. 
D on't miss this chance to purchase current fresh 
[groceries and m erchandise at po ssib ly the largest auction o f this type ever held in the S outhw est 
U nited States! 
For More Information 
Call the Auctioneers: 
2 1 4 -276-o223 or 276-5o1 I 
T*O C -77-oo81 

BANKRUPTCY AUCTION 
Chrome Corp. DBA Chrome Craft Corp. 
ANO 
Houston Headboards Inc. DBA Tridex 
5711 Armour Drivg, H oulton, Texas 

Wednesday • March 3o, 1977 - IO AM 

ANO 
Bronze Ari Casting and Plating 
5129 Lawndale, Houston, Toxas 

Thursday - March 31, 1977 - IO AM 

Pursuant lo on order by th* bonorobta Wtlltom S cM tf. Bonkruptry Judge tot (tie U S OUT COURT lot the Southern Dis! Of Texos, Houston Division we will ofter tot sole the following asset* of Chrome Corp DB* Chrome 
Craft ond Houston Headboards Inc DRX Index, Bankruptcy Number 76 HS 
911 ond 76-HS 912. ALSO Brome Art Casting ond Ptotmg, Bankruptcy Nom ber 76 HS 91o. 

O ff ICI tOUIPMINT A fUBNITUBl; M ISCiUANfOUS A VIH IC U8 

WILLIAMS A DAVIS BOUW. 197o Model HH si re 3x4 tubes 92x2, sue 8o lengths 96m, Motional numbei 3874 

I SIMI AUTOAAATIC Nickle, (brome ond brass plating line - cycled as follows cook. sook, electro (leon, nose octd. rinse, electro (leon, rinse, odd, rinse, sour rinse 

4 N K K lt STATIONS - 6ooo gal capocity rinse, rinse btoss, rinse, chrome, rinse, rinse, hotwoter rinse Tank size 4 x1o x6o deep 

TWIN programmed hoist automatic plating line 
Tine and codmimum plating, manufactured by loker Brothers 
YAU S Ion overhead crone with Hark 

HAMMOND VIRK AT lathe model 7 VRRo SN66I RPM ISM to 3ooo. 7 hp 

R iA l ESTATE: Property known os Bronze Art, SI29 Lawndale, Houston. 
Texos Building with applot 16,2oo sq. ti oreo including offices, partially brick with metal siding on appet holt There ore adequate loading docks, crones, vots, etc, built into structure The load contains opprox 34,4oo sq 
It including parking oreo ocross street from main building ond both have good frontage on Lawndale 

LEGAL DESCRIPTION: lots IO, ll, 12, 13 of block 12 off Lawndale addition, ond S ond 6 of block I of Beverly Pork Subdivision 

TERMS. 1o% DOWN DEPOSIT of time of sole, balance lo be paid in cosh or terms orranged before sole. Contort auctioneer far terms and inspection 

TRUSTEE: 
AUCTIONEER 

GROVER HOWELL, TxGC-77-o154 
9611 Jensen Drive, Houston 77o16 
713 697 2997 

G A R A G E S A L E : 5 *1 * R o y a l 
P oint o ff R andolph B lvd F ri Sat 
M a r 25-26 Some antiques 

K in g s iz e m a ttr e s s , b o x s p n n g . 
(rom e $15o 641 4783 
K irb y c o m m e ric o l w ith a tta c h 
SISO F IR M . 349-7781______________ 

S o d ,Ona. sofa, needs u p h o lste rin g , G * « AGE 
U M 
. l l . * to m 
I G R E E N 
M o t o r c y c le , b a b y fu rn itu re , golf club, toys, clothes ond costum e ie w le ry For fu rth e r in tf'rm otion 6 5 /1 *o) 

5)oo, 275-445 o ffe r *p m 
S ectional sofa, needs u p h o lste rin g 
51o, 225-4665 o fte r 4pm 

I L ad y's dresses, tops, sla cks ond pantsuits, sizes 14, H a n d 1 4 fo il; I i g irl's coot size 17 A ll day Sat. 133 
I Alex H a m ilto n 736 3*82__________ 
. 12 L a d y 's M a c g r e g o r L o u is e 
Suggs G olf Clubs 4 woods. 8 iro n s , 
! 535 532 *6o6 
__________________ 
. L a d y's IO speed bicycle , tw in bed and b e d s p re a d , bam bo o b lin d s . 
I m isc p ardo n tools. Spanish chess 
' and c h e c k e rs ta b le a nd c h a irs . 
34* 7 o44 o r 341 2437 
___ 
; Large D anish w a ln u t ro u nd tab le , 
4 ch oirs, 51oo 333 t is * 

3 s e ctio n a l sofas, a ll 525. b ro w n color, 867 B ro d y B lvd. 
Set of W eights w ith Bench P ress. 
684-4377. 
_____ 

G A R A G E S A L E 
1o*18 B ro c k s 
Gap 6*6-25*5 A ll Week 
G AR AG E SALE 
73o7 St A nthony 
534-64 36 E v e ry th in g m ust g o 1 Sat 

LA R G E 2 DOOR O LD E R S T Y L E 
R E F R IG E R A T O R , 55o 824 oo5* 

B e o u ty re s l b o x s p n n g . m a ttre s s . 
D resser, m odern sofa and ch air. 
455 5o*4 
___________ 
Ped K ingsize, E x tra F irm Spinal 
P e d ic . S till P a c k a g e d (w o rth 
548o) C o m p le te S tPB 
In c lu d in g 
D e live ry U sually Hom e 684-8234 
B fd io o m h o rd ro tk m a p lg. Dou- 
Ole d r e s s e r , b e d , no m a ttresse s SHO E a rly A m e ric a n liv in g room sofa. 2 ro c k e rs , 525o 
M a p le d in in g ro o m a nd b u tte !, 
51oo 344 677o_____________ 
B e d ro o m Se), c o m p le te d o u b le bed set. 8 m as old 54oo, D inette set. toble 6 ch airs, 54oo. w ill sell separately 533 3344 
B ed ro om s u ite , F re n c h P ro v in 
* p ie ce s. cia !, w h ite , c o m p le te 
MSO *77 585o 
_ 
Bedroom suite, solid oak Spanish; 
Tnpk- dresser and m irro r, head board and footboard, n igh tstan d 
53oo 653 7*1o 
S in g le G o o d C o n d itio n . and 
M a ttress. 
S II 

D ressin g tob le and stool, lo m p s 
SSO, hide-a-bed and c h a ir, clean. 
SHO. stereo re c e iv e r 
575, 
4*4-3)67. 
D u n ca n P h y te doVtne p e d e s ta l toble. 6 c h o irs , $475 344-*678 
E a r ly A m e ric a n ta b le . 4 d ro p 
5*o. C offee table, w a ln ut. 
545. leaves, choirs, co n te m p o ra ry 
653 1*58__________________________ 
Clee 
IO K e y A d d in g M a c h in e , odds, su btra cts, gold D og (D e ll) 
House 
Spanish 
C h an d elier. 
661-43*6 
E L E C T R IC A L a n d E le c tr o n ic 
E q u ip m e n t o nd tools m e ta l s to r­ e ro o m , o th e r g o o d to o ls . No ch ecks 
182* P asa d en a 
T h o r* 
E ri. * til. Sot Sun 2 til. 
________ 
E le c tr ic C o rn e r , « w h e e l g o lf cor!, w ith ch ai aor S45o . 461-4476 
E LE C T R IC g u ita r, ch ino set tor 
17. sewing m a te ria l and notions. 
394 W H o rd in g *23-23o8 

L a rg e Japanese silk screen, gold leg! lam p 34* o68o o tte r 4 ________ 
L arge m e ta l office desk 
___________54o, 341 1821___________ 

L A R G E 
P L Y W O O D 
B O X E S , 4 'x 6 'x 7 ’ , J IO ea 
C E N T R A L 
M O V IN G 
S T O R A G E m o o N . L O O P R D 

L aw n m o w e r. 77'. e x c e lle n t con- dition $3o 4*2 7414 
____________ 
Law n M o w e r, 2o" L ike new $45. 
H a ir d r y e r w ith c h a ir . 52o 
732 *622__________________________ 
L E N O X c h in a . R h od o ra p a tte rn , 
18 pieces, new 727 5526 
L ik e new K e n m o re d is h w a s h e r. ovocodp g re en . SHO 656 o4o* 
L o v e s e a t, g o ld c h e n ille v e lv e t. 
6 *" E x c e lle n t cond 822 7o54 

SEW ING M achine. Zig zag a o rta ond Sundoy only ble Nice co nd itio n, com plete SSS 
* 2 
3 
- 3 
3 
* 5 
________________ 
S ew ing m a c h in e , e le c tric p o rta ble Cam eras 
S w inger, B ro w nie 
B lack and w h ite 2tm . console TV 
L ig h te d m a k e u p m ir r o r . C lo c k rodto. *22-oo18____________________ 
S ew ing M a ch in e S in ge r Z ig -Z a g 
With CObinet $75 673 4*74________ 
Sm olt E a rly A m e ric a n B u ffe t 
_____________ 426-2317_____________ 
Sm all Hom e O ffice Safe R uaged, 
F ir e p r o o f C o m b in a tio n L o c k . 
B orgo in P ru e 344 7873 a fte r 4pm 
24" Snapper rid in g law n m o w e r. 
52*5 6 8 ll6 * 8 

G arage Sate; Unique, d e c o ra tiv e 
B unnies fo r E aste r 
B aby ite m s 
Lots of m isc F ri.. Sat., Sun , » tit 
V 8335 B ig Crook (In d ia n C ree k) 
G A R A G E S A L E 
E v e r y th in g m ust go M oving F ro m noon on 
S at a n d S un 
824 8238 
S U M N E R ._________________ 

9o9 PAWN BROKERS 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IAM O NDS 
P L A T IN U M 
GOLO 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
J E W E L R Y * F O R IN S U R A N C E 
PURPOSES A N D ESTATES 
325 A LA M O P LA Z A 
276 1424 

'Colorado, Hwy 111, Lockhart 

C o n tra d a to sn by BRUICK AMUGUIS ITO 
INSPfCTION IO A M. until tim e of sofa 

PARTIAL LISTING *olltop desk, large carved walnut sideboard ftogere 
Walnut organ Clonos. I highly carved fernstonds one with marble top 
I large chest of drawers 
Overmantel mirrors 
Flatlands Towel roils 
Walnut bedroom suite Morale top washstands Ooh swivel desk choir 
^Foetor tobies tbomzed cedor chest with Mather OI Feorl Inlay Hnlltrees 
Btoss ond ken beds Wooden beds Severol pieces of china ond pressed i gloss Mantel clocks oG clock Mony, mony other decorative items 
IN V IS t IN QUALITY foe additions*! (atom .orlon Coll 513-398-37o1 or 3 *7 -7 o o 3 

I mG < * r 7 'o 3 8 ft1 ^ 
G 
A R 
Y F I N 
G 
L I M 
A 
N 

GROVER 
HOWELL 
C O M P A N Y J 

Boone Vastine 
13oS Media (sperton Bldg 
Houston, 77oo7 
713-224 S171 

•Auctioneers 
Real Estate 
1 
Liquidations 

Appraisers 

W R I I J C N M N D R I V I H O U S T O N . T IX A S 7 7 o 1 B 
( T I S ) R R 7 - I R R 7 

9?B CAM)RA PHOU rOHIP 
'm MUSICAL IKSTBUMfHlS 

G A R A G E 
S A L E 
F u r n it u r e . | dishes, clothes, gam es, tools, fa brie s, books, re co rds, linens, etc 
Sat >o 5, Sun I S, 141 H a rrie t 

91o appliances________ 

’TTsm gcT^G nhJerH P ouc^Tn'T'levr repo Like new Does e v e ry th in g 
1 1 2 7 1 Toke over 17 paym ents of 514 per month Free hom e trio lt *24-35o5 

Sofa bed. 565 h a lt bed. 57o L iv in g room couch and c h a ir, 575 H igh back ch air, * x !2 w h ite carpet. S H 
15X15 gold c a rp e t. 54o A ir P u rl- , tie r, $45 Clock, S3 P o rta b le ra d io. I 
52o Key c h a irs . IOC end up. Store end c o u n te rs , $7o and up. K e y I ro cks 55. ond up 828 4 **S ________ 
Soto. 8ft long B ro y h ill Cost 56oo 
P erfect, stop 6*2-1543.____________ 
Sofa, *5 in K ro e h le r, solid g reen. 
535 432 38o3______________________ 
Sofa. 575 K in g s iz e Bed, 575 Go 
K oct SM, L a v a to ry 58 435 2467 
Soto. tra d itio n a l. E x c e lle n t condi hon 4*6-1357______________________ 

G A R A G E SALE 
M a p le couch 2 ch airs, tre n ch doors (fra m e and h a rd w a re ), chest, bar. bookcase, ta b le , ru e , d is h e s , to y s , g ir ls ’ clo the s 17-14 y rs ond o th e r 
Sat 
Sun 8 4pm 323 OAK L E A F 

918 COINS I JEWELRY 

2 C a ro t M a rq u is d ia m o n d wed ding rin g set, 58oo 654 6)3o 
Doctor s In ve stm e n t G roup is in ter es ted in b uyin g coms. stom ps rolls, proofs, gold, F ra n k lin M ints. etc Conine! D r Vogt 734 2o7* to 
Wont to buy R O L E X P R E S ID E D 
G AR AG E SALE 
Box s p rin g and T fa L 34* 41*1 or 34* 143* m a ttre s s 53$, d re s s e r *7o, a ir 

 screen door *18. P o la ro id co m e r | 9 2 9 CAMERA PHOTO EQUIP 
*1 6 . g a lv a n iz e d r o o fin g h & n ^ V W t l I p t L f f llT K m e V o 
................. i 
, „■ 
35mm w ith lo a th e r bog. 135mm, 
G A R A G E 
S A L E 
F r e e z e r , etc. votuo 
535o 
A sking 
51o8 lu m b a r , a n d r a b b i! c a g e s jai s* * i 
426-!o4*.______________ 

K o d a c 8m m m o v ie o u tfit p iu s cosa 
XL 34o p o w e r zoom Ions 
■Sports type v ie w fin d e r 
T akes p ic tu re s in a n y e x is tin g lig h t 
| 512$ 454 17*7 

M o vie ca m e ra , KO D AC XL326 
B r a n d n e w liH T T ^ S O * ^ ^ , ^ , ^ 

92? MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 
T t y c r e z t T s T n n ^ g iiit o r ^ x c e r 
: te n t c o n a tio n 
S to v e S m ith a t 
65* 1o*5 Oft 5 3opm_______________ 
Colla. K E S S IE R L ike new 

$ 2 o . o o A AAoistN 
R e n ts 

A B A L D W IN 
M A N O 
Btowt Ap l i t e* m f w iS it * 
SIM S B A LD W IN 
6 2 3 L * c h H i ll - J « I m • R A 
3 4 4 -4 5 3 9 

*2*S. ASS 1331 
C R ITC H ETT P IA N O CO 

433 4*14. 

No T im * L im it on Rentals 
Rantal P urchase Plan 
1*o7 W Y oodlO w n 
>34 4 217 
G ram ! Spinet P iano $»oo or best otter 454 7276 
_____________ i. ie t v it i H ollow B od* t le c V in ­ tage G u ita r w ith case, p a r te d cond approaching classic A sking 
1 55oo or bast o ffe r 421 35o* 

G U ITA R O vation 
B allad e er cus tom w ith casa a c o u s tic a l 
5725, 
Beton 364 35o4 
H a m m o n d A IOO, w ith L e s lie 
S ort dice 51**5 6o4 7/45__________ 
K im b a ll B aby G ra nd P ia no . Ex fe lle n ! Cond $11oo 6*o U U 
Large Selection of A ntique 
P LA Y E R PIANOS 
ED G A ID A S 
A U TO M A TIC M USIC CO 
2oo6 N F loras 
733-1546 

£ 
San M arcos A n tiq u e A u ctio n H ouse i miles South of San Marcos on Hwy. 123 look tor Bod, White ond Blue Windmill on JK Bonch 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3o. 7 P M 
FABTIAl LISTING: 2 pump ocgom Stock book (awe Highly rarved walnut sideboard Beautiful walnut 3 piere bedroom mite Stained glass door with side poneh 2 Fionas I with highly conred front Accordion Chest od drawers Conred wood rhondeher Monte! clocks Oak dining room suite, ptreappic design RoWtont hie cobtnet large pme chest Smoll brass figures Hue I piece mahogany bedroom suite Military chest of drawers 
HoHtrees 2 revolving bookcases Browbeat tobies Bocking Horse I,me clocks Iron tamp posts Iron ngoiette mochme Bookcase secretory with 
Ie odea glass door leather bound hunk Barometers, flow Blue bowl and pit1 ber set Fait (rf conred rovasts Mony more decorative items INS­ 
PECTION; I F M until sole time 

 nr INVEST IN QUALITY * for A dditional Inform ation 
Coll 39B-37o1 or 392 7oC3 

 u t f 77*3885 GARY FOGLEM AN 

With A Want Ad 

 lt '$ s m a r t, p r o f it a b le and so e a s y . 
C a ll n o w foe an Ad 
C a ll 

2 2 5 * 1 6 6 6 
G A R A G E S A L E 
S te re o , h a ir* ) d ry e r, lam ps, dishes, kn ic k n o ts some clothes Cheap Sat and Sun. 
* spm . * 7 It G em ini 

F fe c tric g u ito r, old clock, several potted p la n ts , tre dte saw ing m a chine, b o u tre * o th e r s m a ll ties 
4331 V olleyfto td . 337 474*_________ 
E LE C T R IC RANG E 
M agic Che! 
D e lu x e , h a s u p p e r o v e n , a u to m a tic - lo w e r o v e n 
W h ile 
525o or best o fte r 828 o383 eves 
E legent G old D rapes Swag Cor rash 126xo4 lined 54o, U t 3o1* 
E n te r ta in m e n t c e n te r, P h rlc a console, c o lo r TV needs re p a ir 
*125 533 1*96 o tte r 6 3o pm 
E S TA TE S ALE 
B LA N C O T E X 
AS Sundoy M a rch 27, lo a m 4pm 
A p p lia n c e s , fu r n itu re , c lo th in g ond household goods. Just passed 
B lanco H ill N u rsin g H om o L ott on 
E lm Street tor opp ro x I block 

M agic Chat stove and Gibson au to w a sh e r, both a vo co d o -g ro o n . 
56o eoch. 532 *3o$______________ __ 
M aanavox c o lo r TV w ith stereo. 
A M T M ra d io 
F ir s t 525o c a s h gets it 675 1352 
__ 
M agnovox console, co lor TV 71", os .s 54o, 822 364)----------------------------- 
M a ttre s s a n d s p rin g s tw in size 
55o 344-68)o 
___ 

SPEAKER KITS 
2- J way and 3 w o y system s, you p u t th e m to g e th e r w ith e a s y to follow d ire c tio n s , soya up to 4or 

G AR AG E S ALE 
M O V IN G R ug. 
D in e tte . S w ing Sot. 2 T ric y c le s , 
A d u lt and G irls Clothos, Sot. 24, 
Sundoy 27, * 5 4431 M onaco 
J a to . 
T h u r s . S un 
C lo th in g , c o u c h , a n d to b le s , la m p * , ru g s , s o w in g m a c h in a . 

G a ra g e k in g 

 w h o le s a le 
(o r m o re in to c a l’l ’ c h a irs , p illo w s. C h ris tm a s d eca r w h o le s a le , to r m o re in to c a ll, of|#|u< p lt , u r# 1 . d ra p e s s p re a d s , w in e r o c k , p ic t u r e fra m e s, shutters, slate table top. etc 1o4o1 M I M a rc y , 342 83*o 

B f best o tte r. 878 3673 

S te re o e q u ip m e n t, P IO N E F R . 
TAPCO and T E C H N IC S 874 5o57 o fte r lp m 
STOVE 
B u ilt in F rig id o re 5*o, 34* 4o76 
Stove elec 4o w ide. 55o gre en tw *e d O' couch SiOO, 656 4o7o 
S to v e . 
G o o d 
C o n d itio n 
5 /o 
I 734 342* o rie l 5pm 

G arage Sole 
4443 Clear S prings j off P e rrin B altei Rd M a rc h 74 a n d ' 
27, IO 7pm 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 

TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

M a rk e r P T A 
1123 S eren e V o l la v-M e o d o w V illa g e 
M a r 25-14 
* 5 pm 

934 BUSINESS DIRECTORY 

B e d 
F ram e 
341 1 5 * 4 _______________ 
B icycle. IO sod Boy s 3* . yellow 
Never used 57o 661-52*5 
B la c k a n d W h ite TV 
Z e n ith 
Console. 55o Stereo Consol# AM 
F M R a d io . 8 T ro c k 
R o c e rd 
P toyer, 5135 o57 o*33 
B lock ond W hile Z enith TV I* 
E x t Cond 6*4 3814 
___________ 
Block A D ecker, h a rd seat volve g rin d e r k it Na. 4317. 538o cosh 
479 73*5 pt*te w ith ducts, 
B 35 T Store (biasing, iix t u r t s ond *26 473* ra c k s (o r sol# C o ll 347-4oo5 (or m tor m otion between IO pud * bow line! b a it. 14 in le ft handed 
C olum bic. SIO 713-11o3. 341 72oL 
B lo n d new steel belted ra d ia l tire , 
ORZO <5, $4o 
W e d d in g b a n d . 
14-corat gold loop design, size 5, 
57o *23 3157 t ro y h ilt c h e s t fa r liv in g ro o m 

Fender M usic M aster. Bose w ith 
H ard 
Casa. 
Good cond. 
HOO 
*23 663) 
__________________ 
F IN E FOR E A T IN G 
7o1b box C hicken N ecks, 51o.5o 
5o) N C h a rry St 224-73o1________ 
F ive R oom s F u rn itu re . M o vin g . 
E v e ry th in g m ust Got I22-9931 
F L A S H IN G A rro w P o rta b le or 
S ta tio na ry Sign R e nt-Joll-Loasa 
4x8 6o4 6o64 
F L A S H IN G A rro w P o rta b le or 
S tottonory Sign Rent Soil Loose 
4xo 614 6o64 
F lo o r fu rn a c e s , C o le m a n , co m I 

8 m o o ld L W B C a m p e r s h e ll, c a n a lle d , in s u la te d , ex c o n d 
*27-64*) 
___________________ __ 

~ MOVING SALE 
D in in g ro o m ta b le , 5 lo a v e s . 
Chines* ru g . 8 'xlO '. L arge se cre ­ ta r y d esk. S ta in e d g la s s 
F in * 
O rie n ta l p ie c e s 
H o use p la n ts . 
M U C H 
M O R E ! 
O a ily 
IO 3oom 5pm TSO West W ildw ood 
o2o-47*3 
____________ __________ 
M u v lo n q VO 3 sad 
Iro n s w ith shifter $45 Cotl 6*6 >474________ 
Never used 36 ut F IR E B O X . 42oo 
732 4125 O fter IO A M 
__________ 
O akw ood P a lle ts J 3 "x$ o ". nailed to 4»* boa rd s 54 5o OO 22 6 2 562 
O F F IC E E O U IP M E N T ! E x o c u fiv e s n * desk. 575 C h a irs . 525. 
SIS 4*4 1457 

Stove, I t " M a g ic Chef a voca do . 
SISO *22 78o2 *22 IU * _____________ 
Table P ing Pong R egulation size 

W 
. t 
V ” ___________________ 
Tempo One SS tra n s c e iv e r. *37$ 
435 73H o fte r 4pm ________________ 
T h ro # d re w c h e s t m a tc h in g bevaled m irro r. B ra ss F ire p la c e 
Jet o24-oo57_______________________ 
T ro d * 35mm co lor E LV IS photos fro m vo rio us citie s for yo ur E lv is photos fro m O ct I. 1*74 and A u * 
77, 1*74 A lso C a th y W e s tm o re land, on or o ff stag * Call before 
I 3opm F ri ond Sot 532 *137 
T ro d le S in g e r s a w in g m o c h m e , 
HJS. 

C o ffle ta b le , g oo d c o n d itio n . 2 c h o ir s 
I B r o y h ill e n d ta b le s . b o o k c a s e d is h e s , n e w p a tio d ra p e s , m e n % s la c k s , m is c . 
•toms >36 o357, 344-1411 t i l es Is" c u s to m lik e new $35o 

B u il t ta b le , c h a ir s . solos bor stools 834 *534_________ 
B uilt in dishw asher avocado 575 
W ill di-m onstrote 53* 7**8_______ 
C am era super 8 room ond onto toad p ro te ctor w ith strew n SiOO 
77? 53oo or 533 7785 o tte r Spm 
CASM (O R 
K e n m o re or WhTT po o l 
W ashers needing re p air 
374 ***2___________________ 
H i t u n it e q u ip . s te re o w ith stand, 
*58 o52J__________________________ 
C e ra rn i c L a m p s , M i o n d M r 
Chaus, B ow ling B alls 732 *«V) 
C h o ir w ith m o U h m o T e c T T n e T M 
W 
H M 
B E ^ ^ M 
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ B 
$225 to g e th e r 342 I t 14 la m 5pm o o ro g e d o o r 14 It w id e T T y rs T 
Mon I t i Ask tor M ike eery good c o n d , 
H H am , 
* * Channel A M BLB CB ra d io and 
681 223o__________________________ a ccost 6** 1147 a tta r 6pm 
G A R A G E S A LE 
O ld c a m e ra s . 
Chino cabinet O ak. 2 F u ll lionet fro m s . glass ite m s, books length glass d o o rs, Shelves and e o o g ro p h ic s , foo ls, clo tho s, 
_______ lig h te d 54oo 4*7 1551 m a rin e sw ppliO S . f u r n it u r e , t v i i consol*, w a rks aaod stum ps, and m isc 67H Lek# C liff 

 etc 
575 coch 

For io ta 
I y r old D u ub i* G arage 
Doge 5)85 65* 3*17_______________ 
Freezer chest type W estinghouse 
51oo. o rt m e tal desk o tfic * type, 7 d raw ers, le ft and rig h t type w id e r tra y s 51oo super scanner beam com plete *125, 'z ton chout hoist 
5)o. w h e e lb a rro w in d u s tria l type 
$3o Coll o fte r 4 3o, 3o1-6o*o 
F ro s t f ie * re frig e ra to r w ith ice m aker 525o d etu x* w asher *12o, d ry e r SOO. 656-6712 _______ 
F ra il w ood S orvor, iA irro r, Optral stored 
B utton back c h a ir, 
874o857. 
_________ 
7 It 
B lu e G re e n s o lo b uilt top Quality 
826-oo5* 
____ 
F u ll size headboard w ith boxspr- m g. m a ttr e s s e n d f r o m * w ith m atching vanity ond stool E xce l lent condition 344-7363 
F u rn itu re A ppliances J e w e lry '^ 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith req uired down p aym ent C all Im pet tai F u rn 332 2237 416 B ro d , 
F U R N IT U R E SALE 
J d t i un 21) 
M a n d a la y d r iv * e ast, in O lm o s 
P o r8 , 1oam Spm B e d ro o m J o t. 
Choirs. Console Cotoi TV E tc 

O F F IC E E O U IP T M E N T 
F it* C a b in e ts . C h a irs . P o s tin g i 
E a u ip tm o n t. T a b la s , o nd L o a n ; 
B oo ths 
1411 J W 
M ilit o r y D r 
] 
*24-4881 * * p m ________________ 
| 
Old butte! 558. m a tch c h a irs need j re c o v e rin g S H eo a r *25 o p a ir, sturdy Soto SIO. tables and lom ps. I m isc . re a son ab le 454 4881 a tte r 
Spm, oil doe Jot end Jun_________ 
On# Console Stereo, w ith om tm 
TV A n te n n a , la rg e frin g e o re o ty p e , M a p le D in e tte 
H u tc h . : 
S c ru b b e r P o lis h e r H e a v y D u ty 
333 37*4 
: 
O ra n g e s o n d G r a p e f r u it W ho lesole, 8 3oam 6 36pm 534 3131, 
5 31 pm 8 OO p m 533 2*83_________ 
I p a ir J u s tin w e s te rn boots. »*■ collen! co nd itio n. 535. 6*5 345* 
P E A V Y 4oo P A . 2 c o lu m n . 17 c h a n n e l h o o d . e x c e lle n t co n d 
M ust se* to b e lie ** 54*5 734 34*3 
P IA N O . C a b le u p r ig h t 
5 *6o 
*22 7112 m H i? ------------------------------ 
P ic n ic 
T o b ie s , N * w * «3o 
. b en che s a tta c h e d , n e v e r used 
52* *5 B o livo ro d 337 3*4*_________ 
4 piece p a tio set. new STS M eat g rin d e r, hom e us*, now 535 M oot 
:S tic « r , h o m o u s a , n o w 
535 i 456-17*7 
P in b a ll, b o s o b o tl. ju k e b o x to r sale 653 6363 
__________________ 
P ing Pong tab le , e xce lto n t cand folds, ro lls , SU 732-1761___________ 

PLANT PARTIES 
366 3137 
341-582* 

T ru n k , o n tig u * . m e to l " P ir o f * s 
C h o t t ’ '. B r a s t la tc h lo c k . No dents 56o 6*7 3551_______________ 
T yp e w rite r 
R o yal m a n ua l a o rta blo, excell cond 551 451 1365 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T S ALES 
No I ........................ 114 E L A M A R 
N I 7 
.. 1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
F in * F u rn itu re • F ra c tio n of ro to il 
___ 

M O V IN G M U S T S E L L ! R C A console c o lo r T V . S oonish s ty le j, s te re o . A n tiq u a s o lid o a k lu k e bon, 481-2o12 
I 
P A T IO SALE 
W ingback Soto and 
C h o ir, C o tta * ta b le S tereo. E n d . 
T o bies, B ic y c le o n d M isc 
3722 
H ow a rd A p l IM I Wast. M a rc h 27.! l l 5 p m _________ _________________ 
S T R E E T 
G A R A G E 
S A L E 
8am Sam Sot Sun. M ar.26-27 
IO, fam ilie s in Fox Run on B u rr H ill 
Sir oat W ill bo s o ilin g fu r n itu re .! c a m e ra s , c lo th e s , to y s . s to re * 
1 1 1 _____________________________ 
S U P ER G A R A G E S A L E ! W hole houseful m u st g ot F a n ta s tic a lly c h e o e p ric e s 
Ne c h e c k s . 117* 
P asa d en a 
T h o r* . F r i to m til, 
Sot Sun 2pm til 
: 
Transm ission 561. A lte rn a to r s i. 7 ra d ia to rs S II, p a rts far 64 Choy rule!, other item s, 673-455* 
Y a rd Sate 
Set Sun. H o rn *p m 

A D D IT IO N S 

REMODELING 
O M P L E TE FINANCINC 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

C & S LUMBER 

B AB YSITTING 
C H ILD C A R E 

IrS o n T c o re T lfc o n iH P T T T C m o ll o reg day or n ig h t 341 5273 
Lie c h ild c a re , o g * 1-13. p ic k u p fr o m s c h o o l, ro e s 
M o n F r i, 
7om -*pm Near O lm os S tem F o r into coll 344 4o45 

FO UN D ATIO N S 

4*47 R O O S E V E LT 
*24 8556, *74 8557 

Licensed B a b y s ittin g V e ry Reo sowable 144 *34*._________________ 

Doors dragging? 
Walls cracking? 
A ll ty p e * fo u n d a tio n re p a irs IO y rs . o xpo r tone* A ll w o rk g u a r- ontoog CgH onetim e, SAW at IO 

F A IN T IN G . P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

GE R H A R O TS SJI 714* 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P o in tin g P o p e rin g , S h e e tro c k . 
W indow G lass. R e p a irs . B ud g et 
Term s. IA U S H a c k b e rry 

R E M O D E L IN G 

K O O F IN O -P o in tin g . R oom Add) lions. Foundations. P atio Covers 
R eooirs Lie 313-16o5 

Licensed c h a d o r* Any ego SISO week 733 72*5 

A SP HA LT 

R e g c h ild c a r e in m y h o m e . 
5mo% 5yrs of age, 3)3 2617 
I Regular c h ild c a re . ) y r* and up. 
I G len oreo, 653 2161 
_________ 

S p e c ia liz in g in a s p h a lt p a rk in g lots, d riv e w a y s , seal cooling, ole ‘ 

M w U ilw a w Iw H M M to M to to a a -B M — 
D E L I V E R Y S E R V IC E 

Choop p ric g s . w ill b o rg o in 4517 A s p h o lf- O r g y o l b r w v s . a ls * 

A SPH A LT -C O N C R ETE 
WORK 

S r i 

U N IT H E A T E R S ! 121.1oo B TU 
Bl TS eo 227 3*67 M om 6pm ________ 
U p rig h t F re e zer IS 5 cu N, F ro s t 
F re e I y r o ld . c o ll a f f a r I , ! 
1 779-6*gi 
Used C arpet. 5oc a yd O raopod sam ples 35 ond Sic eoch 349-3163 
4o Used C y c lo n e F e n d . C om 
Pfafa, 828-41/1 
. 
U sed fu r n itu re . R e a s o n a b ly In 
Good C ondition 5)2 6)17 

U s e d O ffic e F u r n it u r e 
D e s k s , c h a ir s , t y p e w r it e r * . adding m a ch ine s M o re 1 34* 26/4 
USEO R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7Q7 WEST A VE ._734:41j7. 

Ip: mg Well Bet,- m » k m <• 

 qj(l MLBCHMOiSE WAHTED 
I 

A ntiques. A ppliances, F u rn itu re 

WE PAY MORE 
Estates. A n yth in g of value . fro m one piece to houseful Colt 

 co ilin g p a tc h in g 347 6137 532 7*72 
C em ent C o n s tru c tio n R edw ood d e s ig n p a tio s , s id e w a lk s , d rive w a ys a ll types et fla t w o rk 
Hove I to w l l Will t r o y ! , 534-1171 
C oncrete, p a tio *, d riv e w a y * fro * 
• n & i t v 'v.?. '. m m ____________ 
C o ncrete , p a tio s , w a lk s , d riv e s , a d d itio n s 
W in te r P ric o s . F r o * 

342 475$ A n ytim e 
E st 1*4* 
? 
-3 '-— -------------- — -’ 
( O N f B F TF 
SM A L I 

P o lis h e d w o o d extension table, lot m j o s L 

 to o ro u n d q u a lity S ill 

Calor TV 2 i co n i ole, w o rk * good 
5*5 bed tu ll viz * *45 , 34* 1821 
C o lo - t v : g o v s to v e , fre e z e r^ stool tric y c le , m isc 124 *271 
Color TV kCA STS. Zenith B lock 
W hrtt P ortable 541, 733 1742 r o t * . TV , B C A c a n s o !*, E a r ly 
Am or IC on *151 *66 5164 
C o m m u n ity s ilv e rw a re s e rv ic e for 8 Never used 735 *o1* 
Conn O rgon a il s lo t* o il a tta c k m ortis, 13 pedals 658 441o________ 

O r MS W oodlake Sat Tues. M e r 
26 2* CASH O N LY 
________ 
Gas Stave and Two B ifrg o rg fg rs 
E xcellent Condition, C oll 4*1 66*5 
G as s to v e , d o u b le o v e n . g oo d c r d . 
5188 
R e frig e ra to r, 
5*5 
4.74o*5. 
411 G au g e S hotgun i x c o lle n f 
B ast to r H o u s e w ife t i l o r lo p ofter 734-4162____________________ 

G E R e frig e ra to r S i** 
734 35o*. 
M IM M 
GE B e l,,g e l a fe r, i t I ' c u 
" ^ ^ fro * 2 y rs old 57M, W asher, I y r old S ignature 4 y r w a rra n ty *211 
*75 142* 

 tying 
3 cushion solo S IO * * * 773o 
Consute Stereo 
146 1*83__________________ 36* o9*6 , 
__ _ 
C o n v e rtib le so lo. SI3S A n tiq u e 
GE w W te E le ctric Steve 221 v o itv dressers, body etc 614,4264 
5 34 IO U _____ 
Co rn e r tab le s w ith 7 -M n couch 
Gibson L*$ Fretless Bass d u lle r bods Good cond S U I 34 1 6211 
I m o * G ood Cond 433 t u t Ask inc cots 5* each, m o i* ! fro m * w ith fa r M f - 
— b tu * c o n v **. 727 1174 
GO C AR I , M c C u lle u c h Iru m e , 
Uuch^ 2 Thai’rs” "dineH*- lob'GT I JJ® 
•FDI*"*' cVueV*Vr'o3iTio n o i r io r g l Nnnt. I 
H U M M E L A N NUAL 
Nice Condition 5/5 655 2*15 p i A TE S ! O THERS 455-1621 

Pool table, b ar and 4 b a r stools 
43319*1 t r y V U 
____ 
Pogi T a ble. Good C o nd itio n . Ro qatalion Size 674 6886____________ 
Peal T a ble R e g u la tio n Size 4x* 
53o8, O n* 4hp R o ta ry T illa r s i l l 
674 6824 o fte r r o il 8ov Sol Sun 
Pool ta b le . R egulation S n *, w ith 
QCCO* 5398, 344 3167______________ 
P arch Sw ing Wooden, H eavy Ou 
»V, IA I UBS___________________ 
P o rta b le b a s k e tb a ll g o a l. c a s t 
5125. best O tter 656 163J------------------- 
I p o rta b le K en m o re d ishw ash e r. I vent o hood. Bath Splosh, I fawn- m ow er 
I ) ) I4.o81BTU a ir co n d i­ tio n e r* 
I c a m p er fa r long wheel f t t t f £!<>■*& 
---------------------- 
Pot p lants, la rg o H ow *! pots w ith stands, la v a to ry 
M O R E ! 1*6 W 
H A R D IN G *23 3388 ______________ 
P ro fita b le h obby C o m p lo t* can dig m a k in g agata M aids. se al**. w a s , d v o s a n d s c a n ts *231 o f equip fa r 565 *711 G em in i o ffe r 
JEHL SII SHZ ISL 
---------------- 
Q uo in * B ro y h ill * Rust Suctional. 
5218 a r B g*! P rio r 4*4 I IJJ______ 
Queen Size H id * aw ay now cover 
MS* 
H 
------- 
R C A c o lo r T V c o n s o l* . S IS ! 
I Coffee fable, 533, 674-71*8 

V io lin , m a d * in Ita ly Coke box 
P o w e r m o w e r, r id in g m o w e r. 
« ™ * o 3 
_______________ 
W a rd ro b e . I d oo rs, fu ll m ir r o r , ! oak w alnut fin is h *6o8 4*7 3551 
W ardrobe fa re * beveled m irro r j w alnu t p re sso r I? * * } !* -------------- w a s h e r. D e lu x e P e rfe c t c o n d i­ tio n , TV C o n s o l*. B la c k -W h ito ,j p e rfe ct co nd itio n 6*1 1*86_______ 
W a s h e r, m a p le d e s k , c a n n e r .i 
M O R I! 3*4 W H o rd in g *23 7388 
I 
W A TE R h e a te r. 525. 4o g a l bod couch. *25. l i e n 535, a ir cond I 
8.o88 B TU . 575. e th e r ite m * a nd ! o n co nd itio n e r* 435-1285_________ I 
WE B U Y , S E L L ond R E CON D I "J 
TIO N 55 aal stool b a rre ls s a n A n t o n io d r u m c o 
I P S 

B u yin g fate m odel re frig e ra to r* . 
11 
P.**g!PJL-r3ggLr. H I J H A . 
CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, Soil. T rim * , R e pa ir 
5372 SAH P E D R O 
876 7)7/ 
CASH fa r yo u r Used P iano 
________234 7111 or 224-11o2 
C opa*rtone R e frig e ra to r 
_____________ 658 8892_____________ 
DIA M O N D S 
W illia m s, 22/ 8/o2. 151 E Houston 
111 BUY ANYTHING ~ 
THAT DO ESN T E A T !!! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R _______ 
1 1 1 ' i 

C O N C R E T E 
S M A L L 
OR 
L A R G E ! D r iv e w a y s , p a tio s . 

D E L IV E R Y S E R V IC E 
R IC H *534142 

DIRT SAND G R A V E L 
F IL L TOPSOIL 

AAA G rade faw n and garden d irt. 
7 d a y d e lly 
D U G I T R U C K IN G j CO 337 424o a n y tim e 517.51 and j ifS_____________________________ 
A B a rro n 
A lt ty p o s d ir t sa nd j tra v e l Y oo r ro u nd del 4!5 OI57 
'A C T IO N D E L IV E R S FOR LESS 
M O N E Y , 534 2947, 7dy», *23 6164 
A l F E R T IL IZ E D V E G E T A B L E 
L A R G E ! D r iv e w a y * , p o tlO * . 
1^ 1" 
“ 
. . w k o v s id e w a lks 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S ! 
713 1314 713 /413 
A V A IL A B L E 684 U /3 

D r iv e w a y s , flo w e r b ed s, p o tc h 
^ oLWL(1' T.1* 
* 
* 
* r ‘o * t v ? I♦ I* * ' 
* wo rte ttto io ra ib U r p rie s t 4* * 447* 
J A<: S f Al?. J *11 

P E B B L E F in !»h D riv e w a y s , po ; * « » 
* 
H in n T a ! T w T g lL ti* * , s id e w a lk s o n d w h a t h a y * 
*-?ngford, N q rtg ^ ^ y . 147 3441_ y o u ! No lo b to o s m a ll 
M IR jZ , 4)4-77*1 
H 
R A 

S p * c ig liz in g in c o n e r * ! * , d rive w a ys, patios, w alks, faun do lio n s , e tc 
F r o * E s tim a te s . 
H i.S H I___________________________ 

J e n n y L in d C rib . B o n tw o o d h i ch oir 6*1 USS 

B t l G IAN G A R D E N TOP SOU 
Best Q u a lity also sond top soil rn i • 
O B I N 
E V E R T 
D A T 
4)3 U n 61} 168* 
____ 
D irt Topsoil Sand G ro v e l Loam 
Ray H endnx D e live re d )« l 744* 
G ood to p s o il d e liv lo r n 3pm 
4514 
E v e n w e e k e n d s 

Low p n c o s -h ig h a uo tity co ncrete , 
--------------------------------------------- w ork Cotl o n ytim o , M r C oncrote 
I ooding topsoil ond sqndy loom . 
SE H A B L A E S P A N O L. 233 SO*/. ;b*fa w 418 on S om orsot Rd to H id 
I don V alloy W* g t s o ^ B v o ^ U J 

TRY Mf! 

TO P CA tN P A ID fo r y o a r o ld rugofad A A B 
815 C e ra lv o newspaper and c o rru o o fa d A A B 
CO P o p e r S to ck 
C A R P E N T R Y 

♦36 1681 
W A N T E D 
C o lo r TV h o o d in g r e p a ir 
M u t t be r e a s o n a b le r v i H * 
_______________ 
W A N TE D 
Old c e ilin g fans A ny condition 346 1188 
W A N T E D 
S p ik e d 
917 FDI O ffal 3 

W h irlp o o l e le c tr ic s te v o , 48m I 
# 2a ro o tin g , p a tn tm g , s a tis fa c tio n 
Storage co m p artm en ts, e xcellen t P l a d v e rtis in g , e ld s ig n s , gas 

S pe cia lize in ric h to p s o il sond 
‘ ■ a i r y y i t * ” 
* 
* m i n t ......... 
11 , 
................................................., ...... 
T g g s g ll, 
G r o v e l. 
D e liv e r e d 
A C o r p o n to r in N eed o f J o b s ; s pr#o<|, HW and N E , 634 IIM 
Ite m R o o tin g I* F o u n d a tio n No 
— r r - ; c . ' . x . i 
Job T o * S m a lll F r o * E s t 
A ll m a t .r . r n i * r « d in # 
" V * 
M U S I*------------- S 
S s T l J t n t 
142 8837 
A C om plete M a tn lo n o n c* S o rv ic *. ~ 
T o p i f t n V A a 6 ~ ^ i I 7 g 1 [ ~ 
C a rp e n try, R oofing A ll tygos r * 
SS* i» J r p a irs P rtcgs you can o fto rd F ro * ------------- T il ; 1 »?■’ 
--------------- 
Est 434 o264 
I Topsoil, sa nd y team , sand, a rg 
A ll ty p e * c a rp e n try w o rk 
A fa 7 
K rivew oy m a le rio l *77 M 3 t 

Foundation Specialist 
A ll ty p e * of fo u n d a tio n re p a irs . 
L ow p ric o s , h ig h q u a lity w o rk 
C o ll a n y tim e . A B C C O N S T . 
U J L i i l l __________________________ 
HOUSE L E V E L IN G 
THE IR IS H M A N 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
N o t* 
N ever toko th * firs t p m * 1 
33$ 9oS I or 
734 7 JU 
R e lia b le m a n to do fo u n d a tio n re p a irs and house favoring Saris ta c tio n g u a ra n te e d 
N o lo b to sm oll Colt 636 337) 

G A R D E N IN G 

C U S T O M G A R D E N P L O W IN G a n d i n I in ■ r Al I (,-4 j 

H A U L IN G A M O V IN G 

H a uling and m oving w ith p ic k u p tru c k , 673 3 * 6 * _________________ 
H A U L IN G ANO D U M P IN G 
Hgyg 3 i ton fro c k s 333 1 143 
H a u lin g , m o v in g and fr o * tr im rn,ny h a r t I 11 fan fro c k , 471 316o 
L IG H T H A U L IN G A N D M O V IN G 
I piece o r house fu ll 
Day or N it* 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
-----------------------4211222_____________ 
L ig h t h om ing ond m o v in g a tte r 
4pm Coll o n y ftm *1 4*4 2663______ 
L ig h t H a u lin g Any K in d w ith 
I t " S i T ru c k . Rgy 4 » 33/4 
____ 
L ig h t M ovin g Day or n igh t Trash 
H a u lin g 
S c ra p m e ta l h a u le d 
: PWO* fra g *33-4411 

MOVING? 
Call 45* 187* 
THE BEST MOVING CO. 

P am ling ond re p a irs Lie Bonded 
A ll work G ua ra n te ed 6/3 o21* 
R O O FIN G 

P a n tin g and P ap e rha n ging , re t tu rn . w o rk guaranteed Free est 
Jock W illia m s, 34* 7*22___________ 
P a in tin g , in t e x t, s h e e tro c k , paper hanging, gen re p airs, teas ro te s , q u a lity w o rk 
C o lt J o hn 
£ o m m e t ^ ) ^ ^ ( |( ) 4 u M tK t p fT l_ _ 

P A IN T IN G 

A A 
P A IN T IN G w ith P R ID E 
N orthside F ree E st 826 43/6 
A rth u r P a in tin g C o n tra c to r 
In t 
E x t , A co u stic c a llin g s , 4)3 i)4 8 . 
Free E s tim a te s __________________ 

GENE PESINA 

 condition. SISO iU J s J U J H 
W H IR L P O O L L X E 4*o1 W elOC I in c d ry e r S IM 3)4 (66?__________ 
W ilson T2o18 ten n is ra c k e t 524. 
LW B C b m p iftl shell USS- 674 3 8/f 
W indow a ir cond 
A M c lo c k r * d ie , p o r t r a d io . C a s h O n ly : nun*_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ! 
W 
R 
D A L L A S F U R N IT U R E . 
L IK E N E W ! 
7 s o la s . W a tc h d re s s e r, c o rn e r ta b la , o th e r cg-1 tom pieces JO#* N o rth rid g e ______ 
Youth Bod and m a ttre ss 8)3 
I 
7141)96 
| 
I* 
Z e n ith b lo c k a nd w h it* TV w ith stond P e rte r! co nd itio n 598 
I 3*6 A IM . 
~ 
1 
Zenith 23 ' co lor TV. M e d ita tio n eon ro mmel 373. *33 2)24 

929 m m SALES 

DON T M ISS THIS O N E ! Solas, 
: C h o irs , D in e tte * . K itc h e n A p p l 
C lo th in g 
T o y s , G a m e s . B a b y 
Ite m s , L o ts o f O dds a n d E nds 
Thor Sun M a rc h 24 27 I ta m *o )* 
W m d y h itl o ft F iv e P a lm s N e a r 
M ilita ry D r 

±SJv 
Wa buy F u rn itu re . A ppliances 
E states A ntiques Grass w are etc 

BEST PRICES PAID 

532-6641 
433 3714 a nytim e, 433 46)4 *v *$ 
JO HN A R O W LA N D B A R N E S 
I 'te n te d ond Bonded B uye rs 
RIE P A Y CASH 
F ar Good Used F u rn itu re 
FAWCETT FURNITURE 
414 O gtgroso_____________ W . i l U 

We Pay More Cash 
Per That Good P io n * 
T h at you a r * not u s in g 
P ic a s * call M r Loon a l 723 *131 

 g u a ra n te e d 
434 337) 
N * fab Ie * s m a ll 

C A R P E T SALES A 
SER VIC E 

E X C A V A T IO N 
SF R VICE 

GRIER CONST. C l 
A I W IL L S T E A M C L E A N e t 
Sight P re p a ra tio n . Land Clear mg sh am po o, tty d in ro o m 577 38. l i b a th a r G e n e ra l E x c a v a tio n 
*x l> loos* ru g s 511 58 227 I 486 a r M a rk 
JD 431 C T ra c k L o a d e r, 

 i u t m 
C arpet C leaning S pecial 
Com plete 2 bedroom bouse 534 96 ti' 
Iii* PWO. 
U N IT E D C A R P E T S E R V IC E . 

B a c k h o e a n d R ip p e r , D u m p 
T ruck 828 4648 a ft S. 8 3 Mon F ri 
874 1411 

INCOM E TA X 
SERVICE 

W auson % Com plete Tax S ervice b u s in e s s a n d P o r s o n o l 
R I 
C H A R D E W A U S O N 
N in e te e n 
Y e a rs 
S a m e N e ig h b o rh o o d 
A A 
BS A N D M E 
D e g re e s 
Tex Business C onsultant 
_ . J i y i ^ L i i l J f a l i l ' O N o s h ^ ^ 

LA N DSC A PIN G 

: 
F R E E LA N D S C A P E 
C onsultation and Design w ith q u a n tity p lan t p urcha ses 
_____________492 1 986_____________ 
WE H A V E P L E N T Y OF L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
I 875 9*21 or I 391 SMI 

E X P E R IE N C E D P A IN T E R 
E x te rio r. In te rio r, a co u stic and textu re d, M o n te rre y 
Roof p ain t in * 
A ll w o rk g u a ra n te e d 
917 7414. 334 2o71_______________ 
In te rio r re sid e n tia l p o in tin g only 
Fre# e s tim a te ! *2 / 3o44__________ 

P A IN T IN G 
C O N T R A C T O R t int-E m * 
G e n e ra l R e p a irs F re e 
( E s t im a t e * 
G ilb e r t P e r k in s . i 9211413 
_______ _ 
P ainting, sheetrock, ta p * ttoaring. te x to n e p a n e lin g e tc 
R e q * prices Free Est 636 447 3______ 
P ER E I A SONS P A IN T IN G 
I n t e r io r E x t e r io r . F r o * E s t 
633-8981. 
Saint s P a in ts 
In t E xt P a in tin g 
Gen Repa ir 6S4 o477 Fre e Est 

P L U M B IN G 

A L L P lu m b in g Jo bs 7 D a y s o week Low P rices. Free E st Coil 
! 433 43)4 
A M aster P lu m be r 
R e pa irs and re m o d e lin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d 
7)3 3616 Or 433 *46*_______________ 
DO YOU N E E D A P L U M B ! R ' 
R eliable Bonded 124 17* I___ 
P lu m b e r 
V e ry R e a s o n a b le 
In s ta lla tio n of sin ks, tub s, com modes, w a te r heaters, etc 
F ree h o m e e s tim a te s 
A 
G o r d o 
W M l __________________________ 
We answ er your colt fa s t' S tw ei s leaky faucets, w ater heaters, any type re p a ir o r new in s ta lla tio n 
Texos P lu m b in g Ce , Inc 
41o A 
£ n » u i9 w c ^ C o i_ a n j(tim j^ iz ^ i4 g z 

PLO W IN G 
B U L L D O Z IN G - 
E X C A V A T IN G 

Coatings for a ll roofs G uaranteed 
W orkm anship P rice s you con of lo rd Free t s t 634 o366 
C A H R O O FIN G CO 
We do tm ' lob rig h t the firs t tim e New root-, root re p a irs et a ll types Fro# est 
♦33 1o3* 
C LA R K S R ooting A R em odeling 
F ie # t i t 874 13)2 
IS YRS, E x p on C om position or 
G ro ve l Root R A M IR E Z , )42 7*1o 
L u 

SEW ING M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S SER V IC E 

G u a ra n te e d R e p a ir S e rvice 
A il 
Mokes F ree in shop estim ates 
^ ^ J 3 m R e s t A v » ) 4 4 * 6 M ^ ^ 

SH EE TR O C K 

T a p in g F lo a tin g T e x to n e a n d 
A m o v in g ! Reasonable '. h o i;;,. 

C O NTRACTO R 

K E N IS K Y C O NTR ACTO R 
Tape. F lo u t Textone 
Spray A cou stica l 
For e xtim o te s co il *22 *684 

T R E E SER VIC E 

Cut Tri m a te s 
« » 

 t, H aul Trees Ere 
J E S S IE 
4 )2 71 

T re e s c u t a n d tr im m e d 
F re e 
E stim ates 3)4 1776 or ) ) ) 6633 
T re e s c u t o r trim m e d h a u le d 
OwQy Free E xtim o te s 3 )) 1371 

TR E E S . H E D G E S 
Cut T rim H aul 
O A V I S 7|3 IS I) F O L KS 4*6 oo*4 
Trees trim m e d cheap i __________ 
924 6*76 roe trim m in g and re m o v a l 
Vt >817 
Ofter 6pm fat J4*6 
Joe 

Land cle a n in g end ro o t e iow ing new JO equipm ent, any sue tab. 

R E F R IG E R A T O R F R E E Z E 
R EP AIRS 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 

IO * tn t r e s its ! in su lts 
ON A W ANI At! 
(MI NUM XI It IO C A II 
IS 37* 1*o6 
I * e el SS ANO NIW S 

C hild care in m y hom e. d a y * only, 
- K ig fiB g rg y g h Brog, *27 4138 
' C h ild ca re us m y hom e, any aga. 
528 week C all *74 /8 4 )___________ 
ExceMant ciiMd c a r* iii m y h orn* 
-‘-g jtf.v te J trM . H f l t f i 
_____ 
E xcellent ch ild c a re in m y hom e 
82* 11)7 

F E N C IN G 

F ro * Fence E s tim a te * Both wood a n d c h g m rin k 
F A R M E R 'S 

F IR E A BBG WOOD 

Firewood by tru c k lo a d Split, dot and s ic k e d far 515,914 6*16 
... 
M e sq uit* O ak WOOD 
*23, p ic k u p toad. 835 card, d e li sered *7 ) 8232 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

A V e ry c o m p lo t* fab ! F ro * a s tr m o t if and dem o 816 437s 

HQUSWASHING 

---------------------- i l L i l i S _____________ 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

A C o m p lo t* P a in tin g S e rv ic e 
In t E x t 
P ric e s you ca n a ffo rd 
436 o266 

R e p a ir fro s t tre e . s e rv ic e 

W M M t o M t w w L it o li lliw i 

R E M O D E L IN G 

A dd itio ns, p a n e lin g , fo rm ic a ta b in *! w ord, tree est , 7)4 ooo1 
Honest c a rp e n try w o rk 
Q u a lity w ith value Free E stim ates Ken 
M cM ullen *33 1o)9 

SOCIALIST IN 
KITCHEN ANO BATHROOM 
C E R A M IC Q U A R R Y TIL E 
' 
C A B IN E TS , V A N IT IE S . E TC 
F ro * E s tim a te s 1 Bob *2 ) 3234 

T V R E P A IR S 
R E N T A L S 

F R I E E S TIM A TE $ /D A Y S 
HONEST LOW PRIC E S *74 o7*4 
Ser vice on old m oses and m odels 
F ree E stim a te s I days a week 
W ork G uaranteed *2 ) )78, 

Y A R D WORK 

A l Y a rd w o rk tre e trim m in g 
Hewer beds, la nd sca ping ter till r mg, insect s p ra y in g G u a ra n ie s ] at rees p ric e s F re e E stim a te s 
616-647$ 
______ _ 
C o m m e rc ia l 
R e s id e n tia l lo ts cleaning, hau lin g , tre ex trim m e d n n n r 
________________ 
Law ns, c u t trim m e d va cu u m ! 
Call a n ytim e . $ )) *6)3 
Trees Law ns, Hedges 
Tcim n gnd H auled Reasonable 3)317 do y g rd w o tk p rice s *48 H ilt 
Reas.mubi 

 c 
A i n e t f c a n 

 b a r g a i n 
W A N T ADS! 

EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS A B S 
R unes $ 
• MERCHANDISE MART ADS ONLY • 
6 pays 
3 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCH LADU 
WITHOUT 
EAT! CHANGS 
(CLAS* 
O NLY) 

2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

P a g e 2 8 - M 
San Antonio EX PR ESS- N EW S— Sunday March 27 I 977 

922 - MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

Entire Stock 

 of 

Thomas I Kimball Organs al 1/3 Off-** nead roam for ama shipman!. 4o organs to choose from, I /3 off on all models. 
PIANO SALE 
CONTINUES at 2o% Discount 
Organs and pianos Rented 
Option To Buy. 
Shop Us Now & Saveli 
DACBERT’S 

SJI5 Waliem Rd.. 
6S4-666I 
14oo Nogalitos ... 223-61 SI 

942 Farm Equipment Supplies 

ORGANS 

HAMMOND 

RODGERS 

Q i J i t y l 

PIANOS 
(VfRfTT 
KAWAI 
(ABU NILSON 

New From $495 
Used From $195 

125 N-Moin* 224-5526 

Wonderland 732-8529 

North Star .. 344-o248 
H U iH lH lI lllllS 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
AABY G R A N D P IA N O 
SALE 
CHICKERING BABY GRAND 
UKE NEW, BALDWIN BABY 
GRAND UKE NEW, KNABE 
BABY GRAND UKE NEW, 
SPINET STYLE PIANO UKE 
NEW 
$4o4 
DUO-ART PLAYER PUNG 
REASONABLE 
Shop With Us and Save low Overhead 
NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 
17o2 N. C O LO R A DO 
7 34 -64 63 

Ludw io D rum s, full se!, like new, m usl set! quick. 435-1o4o,__________ 
O R G A N , H a m m o n d G r a n d e e . 
E xcelten! condition 344 4433 

O rq an , J k e y b o a rd . ! ) p e d a ls . 
SISO, moving A pril I 922 8917 
O rgan. M1ooA Ham m ond Spinet, d raw b ar with percussion and ex- tro Leslie speaker, SISOO 349-8127 or 484-1179, 

O R G A N S ond P IA N O S R E N T E D option to buy no tim e lim it 
Dacbert's Music Plaza 
14oo N O G A L IT O S 
523$ W A L L E M R O 
223-41$! 
654 6461 

P IA N O . Ham m ond, good q uality 
$7oo 732 1387________________________ 

SAVE to Vt OFF 
A L L B R A N D S 

OLMOS MUSIC CO. 
41o N M A IN 

U nredeem ed 
M usic 
Instrum ents 
A m erican Lo an Co. 227 8$72 

924 NURSERIES, GARDEN 

 a Perm o Green 
F o r F r e e E s t im a t e o n d L a w n 
A nalysts. Call Today 
__________226 2387__________ 
D a m a g e d 8x12 G r e e n h o u s e . 
Term s. F re e D e liv e ry 924-5oo3 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 

IL ch >4^"ongrMneMequTpment plus wheel b alan cer ond som ner. 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts 
C a ll 
$13 87$-284$ otter $:3opm__________ 
C R A F T S M A N D R IL L P R E S S 
$2oo 124 OI$6 

S 
I V IS M O D E L loo T r e n c h e r 
$28$o In te rn a tio n a l M o d vl 3444 
Tracto r Lo ad er Bock hor in enc. cond SS9So 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
________ S33-SI4S, 739 Steves________ 
O 4 C o l 
D O Z E R , h y d b la d e 
484-$444 Ofter Sp rn 

D ltC H W IT C H . lik e 11 $oo or bes! otter 481-214o 
D um p B o d ie s. lO '.i'.B *. C o lto n , 
Hobbs. Perfection 
Air H am m er. }$ Thor 
C P 21 »x6 oir tam per 
J o y Cis A ir T am p er 
S N Y TRO N gosolm e d riven rock drill 
C P A ir W a le r rock drill 
Lo b equipm ent 
J bonk reels. Sin etc reels. $$ gol b o rre l pum ps, 
12o lb b arre l pump, m eter valves. high pressure hose, handpum ps 
144-4711, $133 B lan co Rd 

F o r k l i f t . 
49 <tlork 
$ooo lb s cap acity, solid tires. O ve rh au le d throughout 
1oo4 
So 
Flo re s 
224-1244 

FORKLIFTS 
A L L S IZ E S ■ A L L T Y P E S 
B r ouboch Equipm ent, 714 USO 

In t e r n a t io n a l T O U B S e n d 
N a 2S$4$, L a ie 7o m odel, p ow er s h ill h y d r a u lic d o te r w ith tilt cylind er, and H O P S C A B E x c .l le n t u n d e r c a r n e ; ? , c o m p le te deoler m otor o ve rh au l and new transm ission 
$22.$oo call 
$12 IS A 1949 

2 JOHN DEERE 
TRAC LOADERS 
I 
J O Model 44o with 271 D etroit 
D iesel. I vd b u ck et w ith rip p er 
$$$So 
I - J D 
M o d e l 2o1o, cylinder gas engine I yd bucket 
SJ/So *9$ 9711 

AUCTION SALE! 
FRIDAY APRIL IST 

MIDWAY TRACTOR 

AUCTION 

NORTH HWY. 81 
MARLOW, ORIA 
Sales begin promptly at 
1o A.M. 

4o5-658-5848 

 lorg* tfoctor ond implement con 

 ugnment auction lots of I and 7 

 row tractors ond equipment. 

AUCTIONEER, TOM flOWERS. 
TX GS 77 o134 

E le v a tin g 8 yd pull type scrap e r, need some re p airs 538 7o55________ 
F o rm a l! H T racto r with planters, c u ltiv a te s 3 row batter 497 3625 
F A R M A L L T racto r M odel A E * c . fond. $175o with or without draq shredder $$oo 695-9218 
Fen ce B uild ing B arn s, sheds and pens built 337 4334 otter 5. 
F o rd F a r m T ra c to r, eq uipm ent, 
SN. 9N, disc h arro w , plow s, gar den blode 621 2251 
F O R D T R A C T O R M O D E L 8oo in 
E x t. Cond $2995 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
533 5145, 739 Steves 

FORD TRACTORS 
8N an d 9N w ith n e w ond used im plem ents. 378o S. F lo r e s ________ 
F O R S A L E 
1974 H essto n S ic k 
Hand M odel SH JOA. 1974 Hesston 
S ta k M o v e r M o d e l S H JO. C a ll 
M a m ie E 
G e o rg e R a n c h , R ich mend. Tek 713 342 61o9 
F O R S A L E 
1974 H essto n Stak 
Hand M odel SH 3oA. 1974 Hesston 
S ta k M o v e r M o d e l SH-3o. C o ll 
M a m ie E . G e o rg e R a n c h . R ic h mond, Tex 713 342-61o9 
F o r S ale I - Jo h n D e e re M odel 
J D 
644B 
F r o n t e n d 
W h e e l 
L o a d e r 
M a y be s e e n a1 To m 
F a ire v Co 11215 W eid n er Rd. S. 
A Tx, 732 1727 

F o r Sale or Trode 
A llis C halm er 
B plow, $75o 433 14o7,684 237V 
2o' Gooseneck stock tra ile r unco­ vered 924-3148 922 6347 
4o1o: 4o7o JO H N D E E R E 
Diesel, $34 6711 
M A S S E Y F E R G U S O N D IS C , 12 It 
3 P l h o o ku p 
E k e . co n d 
$95o 
49$ 9218 

! '» m ile Side Roll S p rin k le r Svs tem 
I • 7 Chiesel B iq Ox Plo w 
Vem eer Hay R o lle r I 278-8341 

M O D E L SN F O R D T R A C T O R , running but needs o ve rh au l $6V$ 
T H E T O R G E R S O N CO 
$33 $145, 739 Sieve s 

N e w a n d U s e d T r a c t o r s e n d 
E q u ip m e n t 
D O D G E N E Q U I P 
M E N T 
CO , 
8223 
S 
P r e s o , 
532 4 !SI 
One hp 6 " Strote D um pster pump lock 3ooIt, 7in pipe and rods 3oft w in d m ill lo w e r , 6ft w in d m ill, 
684 7483 
R O C K P I C K E R , h y d r a u lic con- trol lift 23o1 Noggings, $34 6711 

S H R E D D E R 
F o rd 7 H 3 pl hookup, new cond 
$55o 695-9218. 
___________ 
S P E C IA L S 
3S$o n e w D ie s e l t r a c t o r ,w it h torque co n verter, backhoe with l l in c h t r e n c h in g b u c k e t , fr o n t loader with 68 inch bucket $16,ooo 
1969 8,ooo F o rd D ie s e l tr a c to r , good condition, $9,8oo 
1969-4o7o John D eere, good condi­ tion. $9,2oo 
1971 19o A llis C h a lm e rs , D iesel, top condition. $7,3oo 
1968 $o4 In te rn atio n al cu ltiv a to r ond p lanters with le r tiliie r boxes, good condition, $4,$oo 
S K R O B A R C E K I M P L CO 
H W Y 97 E A S T 
F L O R E S V I L L E . T X 
I 393 J i l l 
W E E K D A Y S 8 S P M S A T 8 12PM 

S T E E L 
B U I L D I N G S , 
F a r m . 
R a n c h E q u i p 
H a y a n d H o rs e 
B a rn s Pip e Pen s. 337-4931 d ays or niles 

T H E T O R G E R S O N CO. 
739 Steves_________ 
$31514$ 

T O W N E R M o b o o rd H y d r a u lic 
R o ll o v e r 3 b otto m p lo w , 3 pl hookup $45o 695 9718 
U S E D F o r m a n 5o4 w ith 4 ro w e q u ip m e n t. Jo h n D e e r e 4o7o, 
Jo h n D e v i l IO U . F o r d 3ooo's, 
5ooo v 7ooo s 
E W A L D F O R D 
T R A C T O R S , IN IO H w y 44. Se gum, Tx I 379 4591 
VA C Case F o rm T racto r with All 
F a rm in g E q u ip !. $25oo C oll B ill 
226 43$) 

T ourism sem inar planned 
April 4 

W ays to make the tourism anti convention business more efficient and profitable will be presented at a locally- sponsored seminar April 
5 
Tbt* San Antonio Con­ vention and 
Visitors 
Bureau, in cooperation with the Discover Amer­ ica Travel Organization and tin' American Society of T ravel Agents, w ill stage 
“ An Agent for 
Profit." 
Hotel, restaurant, sightseeing attractions and other tourism sales and service personnel will have an opportunity to hear nationally-known authorities discuss im ­ portant topics such as the travel agent, package tours, marketing adv cr- tising and responsibi­ lities. 
The sem inar faculty will include Dee Parson of Americana Tours; Bud 
Watters, director of In­ dustry {{elations. Holiday 
Inns of Memphis; Nancy 
Kertig, manager ol Tour 
Sales Planning. Contin­ ental Airlines, and Jerry 
Bolk of the Bolk Travel 
Agency. 
The all-day session will begin at 9 a.in. and will he held in the Fiesta 
Room of the Convention 
Center. 
Anyone interested in obtaining more information on this se­ minar should contact the 
San Antonio Convention and Visitors Bureau at 
223-9133. 

Arnold the rooster really goes nuts over Carson 

Each night when "Doe" Severinsen and the NBO orchestra launch into the theme music that introduces 
Johnny Carson. Arnold the rooster goes wild. 
“ Even if Arnold falls asleep during the news, he wakes up when it s 
Johnny Carson time and starts crow­ ing," Ruth Pollard says of the bird that lives with her and her husband 
Robert, in Fredericksburg. Va. 
“ Johnny Carson is Arnold's favor­ ite show." 
The Pollards also have six dogs and about 3o eats. 
Sometimes the white rooster sits and stares at his favorite show 
At other times he stands in front of the set and shifts his weight from one foot to tin* other in a stiff-legged 
Boys’ board for a record 

A 22-foot skateboard travels faster than the conventional model hut is harder to steer, its young Omaha. 
Neb., inventors say. 
Jim Albers, 12. and John Masters. lit. built the “ eight wheeler" in an attempt to get their names in next year's Guinness Book of World Re­ cords. It holds up to four passengers. 

THp Side 

 of the N ew s 

A strange claim to make 

Butcher assaulted by frozen chicken 

 dance. 
Arnold doesn't like cops and rob­ bers shows because the sirens hurt his ears, say the Pollards, and he sometimes becomes droopy eyed as the 11 p.m. news drones on 
But. says Pollard, when “ Doc" Se­ verinsen strikes up the hand, “ A r­ nold makes a terrible fuss" 
“ lie s absolutely nuts about mu­ sic," says Pollard. “ He likes good music, but he doesn’t want that loud junk they play nowadays. He likes easy listening music.“ 

A kidnaped cow , a burnt beard and a pair of flying dentures crushed beneath the wheels of a passing auto were some of the crazier claims han­ dled bv one insurance company in 
I HTH. 
Examining the files on the more than 2o million eases it dealt with last year. Aetna Life & Casualty says it also can document the case of a butcher who was beaten with a frozen chicken by a disgruntled employe. 
In another ease, a rancher contact­ ed Aetna after an unusual dispute 
Easter rocks a real find 
Move over Pet Rock, here comes the Easter rook. 
I bis year it will be an Easter rock hunt instead of an Easter egg hunt for the Old Saybrook, Conn., Park and Recreation Department’s annual children's event. 
Vicky Duffy, the recreation superintendent, defends the untradi- tional substitute for hardboiled eggs. She says rocks won’t rot if they're not found, they're as expensive as the paint on their surface and they're recyclable each year because youngsters turn them in unbroken for candy. 
She wants to change national anthem 

Julie Rosegrant. of Putney. Vt., kept lier pledge this week to “ leave no stone unturned” in her efforts to change the national anthem from the “ Star Span­ gled Banner" to ‘America the Beauti­ ful." 

Armed with supportive correspon­ dence from 2H states the 72-year-old 
^lown library trustee was interviewed 

 bv C harles kuralt of the 
“ Who's Who." 
PBS program 

“ America the Beautiful" is a more appropriate national anthem, she says. 
“ The Star Spangled Banner begins with a question and ends with a ques­ tion " 
Besides, she asks, “ How could an­ yone claim a former drinking song of a 

Greek poet as a national anthem?" 
The “ Star Spangled Banner" deals with dirty business of war." an inap­ propriate theme for "the new era of the Carter administration . . . a fresh breath for the nation." she sa iii. 
Apparently the town of Putney agrees. since during the recent town meeting the residents approved a resolution to change the anthem. 

 with a neighbor. The rancher’s cattle bad wandered off the open range and tram pled down the fence of the neighbor’s vegetable garden in search of fancier food 
The neighbor lassoed a cow and threatened to hold it for ransom until she was reimbursed for damages. 
A young Milwaukee resident sport­ ing a face full of hair had his pride singed at a local tavern while con­ suming the house specialty. Drinking a concoction called a “ Flaming IM ", the flame licked his face and ignite! his beard. 
Aetna said a New Jersy man fill'd a claim after a passing car pulverized his dentures. The man had stopped to have lunch in his ear and was re­ moving his dentures when a heavy sneeze hit him and propelled his false teeth into the roadway. 
Cat tale... 
's’no joke 

Butterscotch, a six-year-old female eat. is sopping up milk at the Dave 
Narjes farm after spending 14 days in a snowdrift. 
Mrs. Narjes said she dug the calico out after hearing meowing from the drift Thursday. 
Butterscotch was last seen March 
IO. the day a blizzard hit western 
Nebraska. The Narjes family lives on a farm about nine miles southeast of 
Sidney. 
Jogging takes good humor 

ROAD GRADER 
A i l l t 
C H o lm . r * 
A O J l l ti 
M o bo ord 171 o « tro N O m r l en aine vary strong m achine, esc lo erode ranch roads 
$37$o 
695 471* 
---------------- R O O F E H ? ----------------- 
Sell $58$ ca th or trade * 
Hat pol 2oo gallon kettle 
________Good tires 474 oo36________ 

S E L M A M A N L IF T 
Sett Propelled Model M 24 LR, 74 ft reach, exc cond $275o A lto E lee 
Altitude UH with JO It re ach $325o 
695-9218 
Yra^e In Vow L a th e t 
On N e * A flat or C lo uting 
THC M A C H IN E R Y E X C H A N G E 
7211 O L IV E $37 4433 
(Wont To B u y A Bundoc sr U A O I in Good Condition 734 844o________ 
IN ani ta buy M odel $6 backhoe in good c o n d itio n ta r 181o Jo h n 
Deere Call $12 374 3814 A l m aht 
$12 174 3414 a r W r it e 412 E 
Zovuio C ry s tal City, Tx 7**7* 
W E B U Y S E L L and R F C O N 6 1 
T ION $$ gal sleet b arrels 
SA N A N T O N IO O R U M CO 
231 E C E V A L L O S 223 713$ 

W E I D E R 
A rc W elder G eneral E le c tric 4oo am p P o rta b le E x c e lle n t cond! lion 1/5o 49$ 4218 

932 AUCTION SAU 

K E Y TO G R E A T E R S A L E S 
G ra v e r Howell Cb, Auctioneers 
Houston 
Tx 
T X G C 77 (IS A 
S A O ffice 
11831 W ye D rive 
Allen Howell ( I I J I ASA H JO 

93U-IHM IHT KABOBS UHS m f S T * Pout! Y r 
- . W A P 
M E E T O P E N A G A IN 
474 21/4 
JW r _ JA e llo w _ ™ 

F R E E R A B B I T S 
W ir e C a g e s 
F o r Sa le 2)2 Iv y Lane, U n iv e rs a l 
SlhjJjL--------------- ------ 
L a y i n g tw a t. S I $8 e a c h C a g o t , n etts, c o q g j. fe e d e rs 42A 2j74____ 
P E A C O C K S S IS K A 
JS tl'JI_________ 
W e b u r u.td te ll B a t te r B u n n ie s. 
D u c k in g s a n d C o lo re d C h ic k s . 
I ii AAA). 7 )4 U M 

No, they don't shoot the burros, not yet 

W ASH ING TO N (A P ) 
— The National Park 
Service bays it doesn’t know what to do about the burros in Grand Can­ yon National Park, but it’s decided not to shoot them just yet. 

Interior 
Secretary 
Cecil Andrus said there is widespread misunder­ standing of the burro problem. 

“ There must be a bet­ ter wa.v to resolve the problem." he said in a statement Friday. 

The park serv ice was planning to kill an e stim ate d 511(1 to I (IDU burros, contending they denied water and forage to native spences such as big horn sheep. 

The announcement said the killing of the burros, descendants of prospectors* burros, would be delayed at least a year. 

“ They finally see the light that the public would like to siH* burros iii their parks us well as other w ild life ," the 
Humane Society said in a statement 

Tentative plans still exist to eliminate burros from Death Valley Na­ tional Monument. Calif., and Bandelicr National 
Monument, N M . a park service spokesman said. 

The Humane Society and the American Horse 
Protection Association filed suit to require the park service to develor an environmental impact statement on the elimin­ ation program 

The park service has a policy of e lim in a tin g non-native species from 
Hie national park system. 

 l a d ti 
I.o p a n is ii 
23-V(‘« r-» W p r o d i i i th' 

 o f ( la rk I a ltern ity, « fre e la n c e w riter w ho is jo h h iiiitin p . H e says his m o th e r h a s n ever j o p p e ii a in e e th a t fille fill da y. 
B y TO D D LO O AN 
N i w y o a k t i m e s s f o v i c i 
N EW VORK - Jogging is always the hardest the first time, .lust ask my motlier 
On a crisp morning last sum m er, my mother, hulking uncomfortable in an Oleg Cassini sweat­ suit. Adidas track shoes and a Rosie ( usaIs head­ band. prepared for her first jog. 
Overweight and suffer­ ing from high blood pressure my congenitally unathletic mother was begrudgingly complying with her doctor’s omin­ ous edict: jog 12 minutes a day or else. 
I was in running garb, too. as tin' drain'd guide for her jaunt through our suburban streets. 
I sensed I was in for a long 12 minutes when I asked my mother about the enigmatic bulges in her Cassini jacket. Una­ bashedly, she uncovered a brush, compact, roll-on deodorant and other sundries. Concealing my amusement, I suggested the extra weight might slow her down 
“ But what if I sweat?" she asked in a worrit'd voice. 
“ We ll call an ambu­ lance. 
‘L ik e a d e e r ’ 
We began jogging at a pace slightly faster than a brisk walk. After a few steps, my mother ex­ claimed. 
“ Running is so exhila­ rating. I feel like a deer running through the woods " 
Though she may have felt like a deer, she looked like a duck, wad­ dling lieside nu* I quick­ ly pulled several yards ahead on the faint ho|H> that a passerby would not associate mt* with her. 
Her exhilaration, how­ ever, was short lived. 
With our house still in sight, her lack of condi­ tioning iH'gan to lake its toll Punting heavily, she laUired with each step. 
“ I don’t think I can go much fa rth e r," she huffed. 
“ Hang o n ," I called back “ I'm sure you ll get a second w in d " 
Reluctantly, she con­ tinued plodding along, bemoaning her assorted btKlyaches along the way. 
Her frequent whining that she had a collapsed lung and was bravely en­ during cardiae arrest be­ came an annoying drone on my conscience. 
Though I personally did not care if she stopped running, her doctor’s orders were dear; jog 12 minutes. i'm dying, ( an’t we stop?” she begged after 

 eight minutes. 
A glance back revealed the pathetic sight of my 
48-year-old mother lum­ bering along. Her ma­ keup streaked down her 

 face, and her Casals headband dropped over her right eye, like a 
Moshe Dayan eyepatch. 
“ All right, only twit more blocks, just beyond 

 the ice cream truck." I conceded, pointing to the 
Good Humor man parked ahead 
She nodded appreciatively. 
After the two blocks, 

 my mother’s breathing sounded much easier and her footsteps noticeably lighter. Figuring she had got a second wind. I thought she might be 

 able to run th** 12 min­ utes. after all. 

As we reached the 
12-minute mark. I exci­ tedly turned 

Off in the distance, I saw my mother’s pear- shaped figure lumped against the Good Humor truck, eating an ice eream cone. 
For those appreciate absolute best 

 ic 
I 

J* 

V 

- J L I 

 ill L 

Right now Fisher's is proud to offer you a superb* bedroom that is timeless in look . . . warm in character . . . and rich in detail. Henredon’s St. 
Moritz bedroom grouping is reminiscent of I 7th century Neoclassical architecture. Crisp lines establish the theme, softened by graceful moldings and precise carvings of the period. 
A 
Meticulously crafted of select pecan solids, the mellow softly distressed Paloma finish is 
^ complemented by handsome solid brass hardware. And because it s from Henredon, you know attention has been paid to every fine detail. 
Shop at Fisher’s for a bedroom treasure you’ll appreciate for years. Immediate delivery from stock. 

- i a 

Henredon 

J. mr i p M y 

'A* 

A 

- i i 

 r 
J 
- 
J 

EXACTLY AS 
ILLUSTRATED 

USE OUR 

REVOLVING 

CHARGE 

^Magnificent 7 piece bedroom suite includes splendid triple dresser with twin mirrors, full size solid pecan headboard with genuine cane, superb door chest (top section has one single and one bi-fold door, behind doors are two drawers and one stationary shelf with two removable partitions), and two matching night stands. 

Reg. $2969. . . . S a v e $59o . 

Open Daily 1o-6 Than. 1o-9 r' 
*2379. 

S U 
'UT? 

MU 

 i f s r 

 t a 

(Closed Sunday) 

145o NL S. Loop 41o 

 i i o f san antonio 

"in stin ctive h o m e fu rn ish in g s 

Phono 824-o575 

Fists to fly 

B> MIKE BHI TON o f T n t e x p re s s n e w s s im 
The spotlight will be on two w o rld -ra n k ed m id d lew e ig h ts 
Sunday when Don King Produc­ tions presents its fourth quar­ terfinal o f the United States 
Boxing Championships at Ran­ dolph Air Force liase s Hangar 
4(1 

Fourth-ranked Boogaloo Watts ami tilth-ranked B aud Love will be i i i the televised feature bout, which will be aired between 2 3ft and 3.3o p m 
Howard Cose!) will be on hand for ABC 
Sports, with form er world heavy w eight cham p George F o re­ m an doing the c o m ­ m e n ta ry . 
A nother boxing grea t of an earlier era, .Joe Louis will also he a1 tin* site of the tournament. 
Foreman and Cosell 

U R I T i l * 
Wh1 a r r , V t ‘ m S a n Xn' 
HRCION tonic* ea rly S unday and Louis is expected late Saturday. 
Rounding out the six-bout card will ta1 heavyweights Leroy .Jones and Durn 
Bennis, light heavyweights Von/ell 

Today's earcl 

Leroy Jones, 259, (18-o-1, ll 
KO’s) vs. I)ino Dennis, 22o, 
(27-1-1, 14 KO S). 

Von/ell Johnson, 
173:if, 
(15-o-o, 15 KO’s) vs. Tony 
Greene, 
172*2, 
(16-4-2, 
7 
K(Vs). 

Boogaloo 
Walls, 
159%, 
(29-3-1. 13 KO’s) vs. David 
Love, 159**4, (27-12-1, 9 KO’s). 

Miguel 
Barreto, 
147, 
(29-8-5, 6 KO’s) vs. Floyd 
May weather, 146*1, (15-1-o, IO 
KO’s). 

Greg 
Co verson, 
13 P i , 
(11-o-o, IO KO’s) \ s. Jerry 
Kornele, 
134, 
(16-3-1, ll 
KO’s). 

Warren Matthews, 126*2, 
(14-3-1, 7 KO’s) vs. Jam es 
Martinez, 
126, 
<23-3-1, 
8 
KO’s). 

Each bout scheduled tor 8 rounds, with a tiebreaker round ii necessary. 
■hdaycd TV 

KSA!, 
Channel 
12, will show a delayed telecast Sun- 
I day at 1o:3o p.m. 

Spurs tangle 

By JEFF GROSSMAN 
O* TMI EXPRESS NEWS STAM 
The Spurs begin a two-game homestand when they m eet the Kansas City Kings 
Sunday at the Arena. 

Tipoff is 12:45 p.m. 

The Kings, battling desperately to held on to the sixth and final playoff spot in the Western Confer- 

/ Spurn ran flin t ti p la y o ff berth 
Unlaw Va fie 6,N 

 once, are a half game in front of the seventh-place 
Chicago Bulls. 
The Spurs have beaten the Kings two of three times in regular season meetings thus far 
The Kings’ task of hanging on to the final playoff spot becomes even tougher when you consider only two of their last eight g am es are at home. 
They are expected to start Scott 
•;f* w 
Wed man and Bill Robtnzine at for- l l V 
o wards. Sam Lacey at center, and l l i 
* 
Brian Taylor and Ron Boone at 
GROSSMAN guards, 
The Spurs will entertain Central Division rival 
Washington on Tuesday night, and then go on a two-game West Coast swing to Golden State and D*s 
Angeles Thursday and Friday. 
Warriors vs. NC 

TELEVISION 
11:45 a.m. (Ch. 41) — Softer. 
12 3o p.m. (Ch. 5) — Sunday with the 
Spurs. 
12:45 p.iii (Ch. 5) — NBA: Portland 
Trail Blazers vs. Philadelphia 76ers 
1:3o p m (Ch. 4) — NCAA Special: 
Highlights of 1976-77 Basketball Sea­ son; Outstanding Moments from NCAA 
Indoor Track and Field Meet 
2 p.m. (l h. 41) — Knockout: Boxing 
Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (th . 4) — The Changing 
Face of Baseball: Joe Garagiola is host of an exam ination of the upheavals 

 currently besetting the world of base­ ball. Joe MrCarthy, Bill Veeck and the principal owners of the New York 
Yankees, Atlanta Braves and Maine sola Twins are interviewed 
3 p in. (Ch. 5) — Heritage Classic: 
Final Round. 
4 p iii. (Ch 4) — Calf Roping ( ham pionships. 
IO 3o p m (Ch. 12) — C S Boxing 
Cham pionships from Randolph Air 
Force Base 
RADIO 
12:15 p m (WOAI, 12oo) - San An­ tonie Spurs vs. Kansas City Kings. 

ATLANTA (AP) — Basketball purists might claim some kind of victory over the so-called “ outlaws” after the semifinals of the NCAA Tournamant Saturday, 

Two teams with classic college basketball styles beat two others of less traditional leanings; however ll could have gone either way. 
Patient, deliberate Marquette nipped North Caro- tinu-Churiotte 51-4!) and consistently cool North Car­ olina edged Nevada Las Vegas 84-83 in back-to-back thrillers at the Omni to advance to Mondav night’s 
NCAA final 
The first gam e was a typical Marquette show — low-scoring and high tension. The Warriors needed all the patience they could muster to beat a team that seemed to have more all-around talent. 
Charlotte baffled basketball strategists by using 

Sec 

NORTH St Aft "MALI 
3 4 9 -6464 

- 'A I 

Bv KEVIN O’KEEFFE 
O f THS EXPRESS NEWS STAM 
In an ending that was made for Hollywood, Billie Jean King, the top women’s tennis player in recent decades, defeated young, hometown favorite Mary Hamm in the finals of the Lionel- 
McFarlin Cup Tennis Tourna­ ment Saturday afternoon. 
King, who helped pioneer women's tennis to its present day high level, took the three-set final against Hamm, 
6-3, 3-6, 6-3, . on the indoor court at 
T housand 
O aks 
C ountry Club. King pocketed S3,(MMI for the f mt first prize and Hamm, p laying in her firs t 
I 'ck final as a professional, 
*: * won $2,ooo. fflfir - 
In doubles. A ustra­ lians Karen Krantzcke rn and Kvm Rudell easi­ ly downed 
J a n e 
1 
Preyer and Judy Con 
- - > nor, 6-3, 6-o, for the o ’K FF FF E 
$1,ooo top prize. 
Showers forced the finals from the 
McFarlin Tennis Center into Thousand 

Oaks. It also caused a change in the playing surface. The women played on 
Supreme Court and both had trouble adjusting to the new setting. “ We both had a lot of trouble with the bounces.” 
King, playing in her first tournament since knee surgery last October, said. 
“ Our level of performance was not up to par. If we played in here tomorrow , we would both play better.” 
You could not have convinced the m ore than 3o(1 fans who jam m ed in­ doors that the level of perform ance was not high. 

H a m m , who played in th re e -s e t m a tc h e s all week, did a good job against King. She utilized her patented two-handed backhand shots, but was hampered by an ineffective forehand. 

“ I was disappointed with my fore­ hands,” Hamm, a 22-year-old trinity alum, admitted “ I was hitting too long and too flat. I was also pushing a little hard on my serve. That is why I missed so many first serves.” 
King, the top seed in the tourney, needed only 55 m inutes in F rid a y ’s semifinal against Marcie Louie, but was pushed much harder by Hamm. 
In fact, tin' pony-tailed blonde broke 

PHtfto s b x 
H . M . D e n n , 

KING swings a w a y en route to victory 
MARY HAMM w aits for King’s serve 

^ 
R ico P etrocelli cut 
UIMIUTK 
G ilbert Salinas m akes 
SPORTS 
E xprrss-SV w s by Red S ox, P age 9S 
JBL 
JLB L JBL 
A ll-State, Page I S 

Ii 
March 27 1977 
King puts wrap on Hamm 

^on Anron>o CA r*coo-iN cvvo— ounggy /worcn t / I y / / 

Photos by 
II.M. Dean, «!■* 

A DAZED A N A Y A withers from Ayala attack 
FANS SURROUND ring to shake hands with Ayala after fight 
A yala cuts eyes then opens some 

By MIKE BRI TON 
Of THt ( m e s s New s s i a m 

The next tim e the World Box­ ing Council releases its top IO ratings there m ight be a new name on the list. 
North American Boxing Federation 
Super Bantamweight champion Mike 
Ayala, who usually employs his ability to close peoples' eyes, has finally opened some. 
The youthful, undefeated San Anton­ io boxer has drawn considerable at­ tention in his last two bouts, the latest being a sixth-round TKC over former 
World Bantam w eight cham pion Ro­ mero Anaya Friday night in Municipal 
Auditorium. 
Two m onths ago. Ayala won the 
NABF title by defeating Cesar Deciga, of Mexico, with a seventh-round THO. 
The 19-year-old fighter is now 16-o with 
15 of those victories coming on knock­ outs. 
“ The North American Boxing F e ­ deration promised us that if Mike won against Deciga he would be ranked on the world list," promoter Tony Padilla said Saturday in a postfight interview. 
Missing 
“ But when the ratin g s cam e out. 
Mike s name was not on the list. 
A fter A yala's co m m an d p e rfo r­ m ance Friday night, his chances of making the list on the next release improved tremendously. 
Ayala, known as “ The Cyclone'' iii the San Antonio boxing com munity, 
AH bout eyed 
Cr 

ROME (AP) — Italian heav>weight boxing champion Allio Righetti signed a contract Saturday to fight world champion Muhammad All in May. 
But Italian promoters cautioned the fight would take place only if AU agrees and legal obstacles can be removed. 
New York’s Madison Square Grden has filed suit to try to force AU to defend his title against Duane Bobick. 
Righetti has signed a contract with 
American promoter Don King which provides the Italian with $75,( M M I , Site of the proposed bout was not a n ­ nounced. 

 whirled his way to an impressive win over a proven fighter Friday before a packed house and the watchful eyes of 
Don King's director of promotions 
Richard Giachetti and personal assis­ tant Booker Griffin. 
Anaya, who was initially hurt in the second round by a left-right combo from Ayala, cam e back in the third round only to fall prey to a barrage of left hooks in the fourth and fifth. 
Decked 
The former champion, who has dis­ posed of 3o of his opponents by knock­ out , hit the cam as for the second time in the fight in the sixth round with blood from his left eye covering his face. 
Anaya struggled back to his feet, but referee Tony Zuniga wisely stopped the fight. 
At approxim ately 5 a.m. Saturday morning, Anaya was admitted to the emergency room at Baptist Memorial 
Hospital in San Antonio after c o m ­ plaining about a severe headache. 
Tests 
Brain scans were run on the fallen boxer, and X-rays read negative. The results of the scans are not known at this time. Anaya was released and he left for Mexico Saturday afternoon 
Now there is talk that the budding boxing prospect, Ayala, may go after a world title bout before the year is over. 
"Mike can l)cat anybody in the world who w eighs between 12(1 and 126 pounds when lie's in top condition," 
Padilla said confidently after reporting 
Friday’s gate of $27,6o6 as the second largest iii San Antonio boxing history 
Giachetti, who is in town along with 
King Productions to stage the nation­ ally televised United States Boxing 
Championship quarterfinals Sunday, commented on Ayala’s future. 
“ I think they'll have to bring better opponents in,” Giachetti said in refer­ ence to getting Ayala ready for world class com petition. ‘‘Then ag ain . maybe he’s not ready fur it yet. 
“ lie s only 19, mas be they should bring him along slow." 
Griffin simply said, "he's a hell of a prospect." 
It had been decided previously by the 
NABF that Canada's Art Hafey, the top contender for A.sala's title, would be 
"The Cyclone’s" next opponent, but 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
SPECIAL 
FUND CHANGE A ADJUST 
CHIU LINKAGE CLEAN 
FILTER-KEPEACE PAN 
GASKET ETC. 

RESEAL 
SPECIAL 
Whtn your tronwmuion u 

It o K in q rn (D iA in j me tom* coms all yaw n o d it a moi tab 
$2895 

ASK A B O U T O U R 
C O N D IT IO N A L G U A R A N T EE 

F IN A N C IN G A R R A N G E D 
Wt ort not ntwtonttrs, 14 ytort in Son Antonio 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
NORTMSIDE LOCATION 
28o6 BLANCO 
732-9628 or 732-93o1 
1711 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-9545 
(No. Skit loop 41o A Wwriboth hit) 
SOUTHEAST LOCATION 
7o3 S. W.W. WHITE 
333-93o8 
SOUTHSIDE LOCATION 
1535 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
923-7546 

AYALA reaches gloves out to touch extended hand 

 rumor has it that Hafey has retired. 
"I talked to his m anager," Padilla said of Hafey. “ We had agreed to a match in May. And I don’t think he’s re tire d lie w ants a title shot. Ile doesn’t want to fight Mike because he 

 knows he'll get beat ” 
Regardless of how the WBC ranks 
Ayala, he is No. I in the hearts of local fans. The young champ spent at least an hour signing autographs at ringside 
Friday night after the fight. 
Fights today 

$1 fin e fo r Dial 

HOUSTON 
(A P ) 
- 
F o rm e r p rofessional football player Buddy 
Dial has been fined $1 and given six m onths probation a fte r being found guilty of beating up a man who confiscated his son's skateboard 
Dial, a form er Rice 
University star who also played for the D allas 
Cowboys and the P itts­ burgh Steelers, was con­ victed Friday by a jury on a m is d em e a n o r charge of assaulting Ri­ chard Attender, 42. 
Testimony showed Al- lender, owner of a who­ lesale hardware firm, at­ tempted on Nov. IO, 1976 to convince sev eral y o u n g ste rs, in clu d in g 
Dial’s son, Darren, 16, to stop skate-boarding in front of his office bulldog, 
VS hen the youngsters failed to stop, Attender te stifie d , he took the s k a te b o a rd s and told them lo come back with their parents to retrieve them. 
Asst. Dist. Atty. Pat 
McKenna, who prosecut­ ed the vase, said Dial, now a real estate sales­ man, tried to enter the building to get the skate­ boards and when Al* lender tried to stop him, 
Dial kneed him in the groin, chipped five of his teeth and broke his nose. 

Continued from Page IS 

Johnson and Tony G reene, w e lte r­ weights Miguel B arreto and Floyd 
M ayweather, lightweights d re g Co- verson and Jerry Kornele and feather­ weights Warren Matthews and Jam es 
Martinez 
Johnson and B arreto are ranked eighth in the world All of the other boxers hold United States ratings. 
Like K ing’s previous quarterfinal shows, the bouts are not opened to the public. The other quarterfinals were held on the aircraft carrier Lexington, the United States Naval Academy in 
A nnapolis, Md. and the M arion 
Correctional Institution of Ohio. 
This card is opened to Air Force personnel only. 
The event will be nationally televised as a Wide World Sports feature, but 
San Antonians will not be able to view the action until later due to a telethon committment. 
KSAT, Channel 12. will show a de­ layed telecast Sunday at IO 3o p m. 
ABC executive producer d ie t Forte said he hopes to get highlights to show as muchof the six bouts as possible. . 
“ I don’t want anybody to get hurt, but I d like to see some knockouts. 

T hat’s the only way we can give all these guys som e exposure when we only have an hour to work with," Forte said Sunday at Randolph’s Hangar 4(1 during the weigh-in. 
"We nicked Love and Watts as the feature because we thought it would be a good fight. But that doesn’t mean the others won’t be exciting. 
“ In our se m ifin al at H em isfa ir 
Arena should give us a chance to do some more things, because we have 9o minutes and only four bouts.” 
John B arger, general m anager of 
WOAI R adio, in tro d u ced an o th er aspect about the April 2 sem ifinal show, which will be the first card of this traveling tournament to be opened to the public. WOAI is co-sponsoring the semifinal with King Productions. 
"They were looking for a local in­ vestor," Barger said. "We wanted to get involved in it. Even though it is, hopefully, a profit-m aking venture. 
With our resourses, we think we can put Sail Antonio’s best foot forward on national TY.” 
Tickets for the semifinal, which may include some local talent, are priced at 
$15. $1o, $8, $6 and $4. They will go on sale Monday at Joskes and the Arena 
Box Office. 

S U N D A Y 
R rg BotkottoaM Sp u rt vt. K o n ta t City K in s*. 
T h* Arpno (2 44 p m f r o B o n in g u S B o n in g C h a m pion th ip t, 
Randolph A F B . ll a rn 
C o it*** Galt W orrit W illiam s intercollegiate 
Tournament, 
W o rrit 
W llligm t golf course. 
Austin 
Am ateur B ase b all 
Alam o City League. C V O 
Field: R u d v ’t L o u n g e v t D o y le t B illia rd s, ll: ISO .rn , N ew b y's H air Stylists v t Brentw ood 
Ice, 2 JO u rn . C ity T r a n s m it s io n s v t 
L o 
Puente Party House, 4 44 p rn 
S o c c e r 
M c O y i r r C u p p la y o f f s 
A la m o 
Heights vt. Houston W arriors. O lm os Field, I SO p rn 
Outdoors 
Texas Trophy H unters Association convention. Convention Center. 

M O N D A Y 
College B a se b a ll 
M ic h ig a n State v s P a n 
A m erican (JI, Edinburg, / p m 
Cottage Tennis 
Central T e *as JC vs South west Te*at, Son M arcos. I a rn 
College Gelt: Southw est T tia s . T exos L o in eron. St E d w a rd s in triangular meet. Seguin, 2 p.m. 

T U E S D A Y 
Pro Basketball 
Sp u rs Tipoff Club Luncheon, 
P e a r l's J e r s e y L illy R o o m , n o o n 
G u e s t speaker 
Dick Motto, cooch of the W ashington 
Bullets 
A dm ission n o n m e m b e rs, 
S4 per person 
Spurs vs 
W ashington Bullets. Arena, /:)o pm 
Pro Gelt: Am erican Golf Tour p ra a m , Pecan 
Volley course 
College Baseball 
St M o ry I of Trinity, / JO p m . M ich ig an State vs. P o n A m e ric a n (2), t ambury. O p m 
C o lle g e T r o is 
S o u th w e st T e x a s of A ll 
Com ers Meet. Waco. 

W S D N C S D A Y 
Pre Getf 
Am e*icon Golf Tour Tournam ent, 
Pecan Valley course. J JO a m 
C ollege T e n n is: T rin ity w om en y s 
S M U , 
Trinity Tennis Stadium . I p m 
College Baseball Trinity vs T o k o s Lutheran, 
Seguin, / JO p rn 
Pre W restling 
M unicipal Auditorium . 8 JO p.m. 

T H U R S D A Y 
Pre Basketball 
So u rs at Golden State. 9. JO pm . 
Pre GOM: Am erican Golf Tour Tournam ent, 
Pecan Valley course, / JO a rn. 
College Tennis: Trinity women. T o k o s a m women at T o k o s Intercollegiate Tournam ent, 
Austin 

P R ID A Y 
Pro Basketball 
So u rs at Lo s Angeles, IO o4 p m 
Pre Getf: Am erican Golf Tour Tournam ent, 
Pecan Volley course, / JO a rn. 
College B aske tb all 
Junior C ollege A il Star 
Game. Arena, /: JO p rn 
Cetlege B ase b all: San Antonio C o lle ge vs 
M a ry H ardin B aylo r (21, O lm os P o rk, l p m ; 
Pon Am erican at Trinity. J o rn.. P o n A m e ric an vs. Cornell. Trinity Field, / p m 
Callege Tennis: Trinity women. T e e n s A A I wom en at T e xa s inter collegiate T ournam ent, 
Austin Son Antonio College men and wom en at 
Central Texas Tourney, Killeen 
College fro c k : Southwest Texas, te x a s A A I at T e xas R e la y s. A u stin . S o u th w e st T e x a s women at 
Stephen 
P. 
Austin 
Invitational. 
N acogdoches 

S A T U R D A Y 
P re B e k in g : U S B o x in g C h a m p io n sh ip s . 
Arena, ! W p m 
Aute Racing: Texas G rand Prix, T e xa s W orld 
Speedway. College Station. Qualifying begins at 
12 JO p rn., ro c * starts at J JO p m 
Stock car racing. P on A m erican Speedw ay. lim e trials begin at / p m , racin g starts at I p m 
College Tennis: T rin ity m en vs. A io b o m a . 
Trinity Tennis Stadium , 2 p m , Trinity women. 
T e x a s A A I w om en at T e x a s In te rc o lle g ia te 
Tournament. Austin, San Antonio College men end women at Central Texas Tourney. Am een 
College B a se b a ll: T i ip leheoder a l T rinity 
P a n Am erican vs Cornell, noon, P on A m erican vs. Trinity, l p m ; Cornell vs Trinity. / p m . 
St M o ry s v s St e d w a rd s (21. A u stin . I p m . te x a s L u th e ra n vs. So u th w e ste rn (21. 
Georgetown, I p rn 
College T rack 
Southwest Texas, T exas A A I at Texas Relays, Austin 
Sheeting: P o lic e C om bat R e g io n a l M a tc h , 
K ing Rifle and Pistol Range. • JO o rn , T urkey 
Shoat. A Pioce to Shoat — Lakeside. 9 a rn. 

Dan C o o k 

Spur fans getting a bit too wild 

All this jazz about the great, noisy, loyal pro basketball fans in 
San /Antonio m ight be getting stretched a furlong too far. Truth of the m atter is, w e’re beginning to look like a bunch of hicks from 
Hootervillc Hollow. 
There was a tim e, early in the season, when we might have said that 99 percent of our fans are great. Then, suddenly, the figure slim m ed to 98 percent. Right now it must stand som ewhere between 96 and 97 and folks, that m eans that w e’ve got a whole gang of loonies running loose around the arena. 
It m ust be contagious. 

I f s one thing to cheer the home guys, boo the officials and jeer the visitors. But some of our people are getting too durned personal with their taunts and insults and the problem is getting progressively worse as we near the playoffs. 

Some of our crowds are about as so­ phisticated as a snuff-dipper’s chin. A visitor m ight think that we all just crawled from caves and backwoods log cabins to attend the S pu rs’ home game. It’s obvious that we’re looking tor a reputation and, by golly, we’re getting one. Since pro basketball is our only major league attraction a lot of visiting players think that when our team is on the road we either stand around street-corner lights and stomp 
Junebugs or go out to the airport and watch planes land. Then, when the team comes home we all rush to the 
Arena and go pure bananas. 

The loud. \u lg a r, personal insults some of our people stack on visiting players, coaches and officials is had enough. You’d probably find at least a small degree of that in most any pru arena. But far too many of our wild turkeys are getting out of band as the gam e’s progress. 
Sad to say, most of yo-yos sit or stand around and suck up courage from cups of suds and then, by the fourth period, some slobs who couldn’t whip one side of the visiting ballboy rush out and challenge a 6-1(1 center. 

W ithin a period of IO days now we've bad one of our people toss a lighted cigar at referee Bob Rakel, a beer- loaded creep stroll onto the court and shove H ouston’s Calvin Murphy, a wild-eyed teenager Invite two of the 
New York Nets to "meet him after the gam e” and ridiculous verbal abuse heaped on visiting coaches. 

No. these cuckoos don't make up a large part of our audiences but a whole lot of our fans encourage their actions and actually think such deeds and words are funny, all part of the show that add to our fans’ ever-growing re­ putation. 

From here on in. with the playoffs just uround the corner, the Spurs fi­ gure to draw close to 1o,ooo or more for every rem ain in g home gam e. This isn’t to even hint that some of the fun should lie removed for the majority hut this might be a good tim e for Spur officials to increase the number of se­ curity hands and crack down on the nuts. 
Visiting players and coaches are just as geared up and as nervous as anyone cise in the a re n a so we m ight he reaching the point where one of our half-sauced loud mouths could sashay oiho the court and touch off a pile of problems. He might wind up becoming a hero to some hut we need that about like we need Oscar Wyatt cheeking our light and gas meters. 

The invasion 

While dealing with touchy subjects today we might as well move into an­ other area of controversy. This would have to do with the invasion of for­ eigners. 

Now that should cause a let of you to sit up straight. The subject of “ for­ eigners" usually draws attention from ever.vone who isn t a direct decendent of American Indians. But this has lo do with the recruiting of foreigners by our colleges’ various sports team s. You might net have noticed but a whole lot of people who think Lincoln was a car builder arr beginning to dominate our collegiate sports scenes. 

This has nothing to do with the stu­ den ts’ foreign exchange, a line pro­ gram. It lias nothing to do with any kind of exchange. It boils down to just one thing—winning. Winning athletic contests and titles at all costs. 

Show >ou what I mean. One of this nation's top collegiate soccer teams is 
Clemson. Last week that fine old un! versify in South Carolina played an international match and Clemson did not. al any lim e, have a single Ameri­ can player on the field. Not even one token, as they say. Want more? Okay. 

Two weeks ago in the national colle­ giate indoor track meet in Detroit for­ eign com petitors won nine of the 15 individual events and contributed 24 of the 26 points to Washington S tate’s first national team title. 
Some college coaches no longer go on recruiting trips. They go on safaris. 

The big edge 

Care to move a little closer to home? 
Fine. Let’s move over to El Paso. 

You should be interested to know that the University of Texas Ll Paso has a 4o-man track squad and 3K on that squad are on scholarship. Twen­ ty-five of the IU are foreign athletes and, naturally, ail of those are on scholarship. The reason you should he interested is that your tax dollars are paving for the educations and up keep of these foreign athletes. 

W ell, w h a t’s the reaso n for this situation? Age and experience are the reasons. Most of the foreign soccer players and track stars are 24, 25 and 
26 years old and they have mounds of experience on our 19-year-old fresh­ men and 2o-yeur-old sophomores. 
Besides, a lot of foreign countries are happy to use America’s colleges as tra in in g g ro u n d s for th e ir f ut ure 
Olympic stars No less than five gold medals were won til the last Olympics by foreign ath le te s for foreign countries after they competed in col­ lege in tins country. 
Somewhere, sometime the NC AA or somebody is going to have to draw a line or al least place an age limit un the visitors. It s getting ridiculous and no­ body seem s to even he concerned. 
Maybe we should send Two-Ton Tony 
Gulento or Rocky G ra/iuuo over to 
Switzerland lo head up one of their university boxing teams. Both of them have a whole bunch of college eligibi­ lity remaining. 

* 

Strikes *n Spares 

■Iv llarrv Page 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 197 7 .... H 

Mustangs tough to tame 

SA WB A honors 
Baetz, Sim on 

The San Antonio Women's Bowling Association honored Helen 
Bact/ and Billy Simon at its annual meeting at Hermann Sons. 
Mrs. Baetz was named the first Life Member of the association, and Miss Simon was named Member Emeritus. 
The pair’s contribution to bowling are well known. Mrs. Baetz has served the SAW BA in every capacity the last 38 years, while 
Miss Simon was one of the association’s founding members. 
Mrs. Baetz and Miss* Simon arc both members of the Texas W om en’s 
Bowling Association’s Hall of Fame 
Miss Simon is also a member of the 
W IBC Hall of Fame, and Mrs Bact/ will be installed at the national con­ vention in Milwaukee next month 
In other news, Randy Burns won the 
SABA/SAW BA co-sponsored Bowlers 
V ictory Legion tournament, and 
Wayne’s Shirt Shop, Free It Easy and 
Avery Fade are separate leaders in tin* men’s state bowling tournament at 
Odessa and Midland 
Burns received only 22 pins handicap but rolled a 772 scratch series to (‘arn the top prize' of $8o in the B V L tourney, which had more than 3,ooo entries. The 
18-year old right hander turned the trick in the Funseekers League at 
Thunder Bowl 
“ I was surprised,’’ Burns said “ I really like* the shot at Thunder Bowl I really didn’t expect to win.” 
JoAnn Noska took second place for 
$7(1 with a 746 handicap score. Mary 
Lee Jaimes had 724 for third place and 
$65, Ron Borek 
717 for fourth place gpd $55, and Alary Duello 714 for fifth place and $15. 
Barbara Wahl had a TOK worth $35. 
Roscoe McGraw and Eudie Dugosh both 7o7 for $27.5o. and Jeff Dietzel and 
Art Wetmore each 7oH for $2o 
Low in the money was HHH, and the prize list will be posted in each lane this week Cheeks bi the cashers will be mailed April H 
San 
Antonio bowlers donated 
$2,34o.7o to tin' BV L Fund. 
Richard Batista 
(225-o51), Jimmy 
Tomblin (571), Steve Holt (5o5), Odis 
Harvey 
(552), and Wayne Hawley 
(498) represent Wayne’s Shirt Shop, which took the Class B team lead with a 2,8o7. Wright Team of Dumas is se­ cond with 2,778. 
Free & Easy, with 
Art Kilgore 
(ISI), Mike Diaz (514). Mike Culver 
(551). 
Mike Gray 
(578), and Fade 
(485). are on top in ( lass D with 2,Ho9 
( FCO of Midland is second with 2,6o7 and (iuess Towel of San Antonio is third with 2,5o5. 
William (irohman 
(499), Charles Buckley (511), Larry 
Biggers 
(594). Fat Cl rob man (SOO), and Dick Bollock 
(595) comprise the 
Guess Towel learn 

Garza Finance, last week’s leaders, fell to third place iii Class C team with 
*2,o37. II ll Drilling of Andrews is the new leader with 2.7HH and Culp Heal 
Estate of Killeen is second with 2.o52. 
Robert DeLaGarza 
(533), 
Robert 
Garza (493), Ralph Sanchez (515). 
Angel Moreno (515), and 
Buddy 
Torres (581) compose Garza Finance’s squad. 
Faile continues to lead Class D sin­ gles with a 57o. seven pins better than 
Paul Webb of Tulia 
Wayne De lf os se and Dane Walden are tied for second iii Class C doubles with a 1.12o 
“ I bow It'd real good in Odessa for the team event." said Batista in leading 
Wayne’s to its top position “ I couldn’t get the ball to break right in Midland for the singles and doubles. We were pretty lucky. I guess if one guy is bowling good. then every one starts bowling well The conditions were out­ standing. The lanes were slow but a guy could find his shot 
“ I certainly hope that score stays up there,” said Dolfosse. who rolled 577 in doubles. "The lunes were very dry — nothing like San Antonio Dane and myself both hope we’ll lie i i i the mon­ ey. but, we know, the tourney has a long way lo go yet.” 
Around the lanes 

The Alamo Tournament Association will hold its monthly tournament Sa­ turday and Sunday at Southside The meet will be sponsored by Columbia 

By JOHN HINES o» r o t e x p r e s s n e w s s t aft 

Coach Zamora’s team is still in the forefront of San Antonio high school baseball, but at the present time it’s not Robert’s 
South San Antonio Bobcats. 

Brother Haul Zamora’s Jefferson 
Mustangs have won their last nine games to claim the current No. I spot in the Express-News rankings with a 
12-2-1 record. One of the losses and the tie were in the first two games of the year, so actually Jeff has won 12 of 13. 
“ Last year, we lost six one-run dis­ trict games,” Haul Zamora recalled 
‘Must that little extra was missing and 
I think a lot of it was self-confidence. 
‘‘This season, they’ve had that little 

 hit more of concentration and disci­ pline and have worked together. Je f­ ferson’s never had any kids with any better attitudes, though, than right now." 
Most of the current Mustangs were full or part-time regulars a year ago on a dub that finished 11-13. Zamora fin­ ished 9-14 two seasons back, his first at 
Jeff. 
Heading the pitching staff are Hone 
Monehaoa (5-1), Frank Da va Ins (3-1) and 
Mickey 
Rodriguez 
(3-o). all righthanders, with Steve Pavlich, a three-year starter and still a junior, behind the plate. 
The infield, from first to third, shows Fred Trevino, Art Martinez, 
Anthony Martinez (no relation), and 
Brent Johnson. 
. The outfield,-left to right, is gridder 

Handy Obaya. Benny Silva (All-Dis­ trict as a freshman last year) and Ri­ chard Rodriguez. 
For specialists, Zamora calls on de­ signated hitter Fernando Ayala and pinch runners M arcy Gonzales and 
Anthony Davalos, Frank s younger brother. 
One similarity, though, to the 
South San teams is that Jefferson relies on speed, defense, pitching, bunting and fundamentals 
‘‘I really don’t think hitting’s going 

 to win as much as the team with the fewer mistakes and better pitching,” 
Haul Zamora stresses. 
Jeff doesn t play South San in the regular season but two long scrim ­ mages. com prising a total of 9-1o hours, are played between the clubs before the season starts. 
Another good aspect in Jefferson’s favor is that the Mustangs have been very well-balanced, with just about everybody playing a big part in the victory run 

Trinity wins 

RANDY Bl RNS 
. . . wins BVL event 

‘'Oft The meet is guaranteeing $3oo for first place with $25o added to the prize fund. 
There will also be a Junior Amateur 
ATA meet for the first time Qualifying times for tin' ATA are 12:3o p.m., 2. 4. and H p.m. Saturday with the finals at noon Sunday. The Junior Amateur will be held at ll a m. Sunday. Ronnie 
Hulme wun the last ATA meet at Go­ liad 
Laura Mueller even surprised her­ self in picking up tin' difficult 7-1o split in tin' Hilltoppers League at Goliad recently. 
“ I was very surprised,” said the 
123 average bowler, who is in her first year of league play. " I hit the IO on the far right and it went over and hit the other one on the left side, just before the IO went into the gutter. It looked like the bail was going into the gutter but it barely hit the IO. I was very happy about it It was a good night for me because I rolled a 1KH game later that night." 
Bill Foley bad a 142 triplicate, Phil 
Mourn k 
(2o5) and Nancy Fleener 
(2o2) both Dad their first 2oo games, and 
Betty Jean C'anedo had a 181 all-spare game at San Pedro ... ( oors 
Beer, with Jlmnile Rivera, Ike Elliott. 
Al Eudy, Hal Hee. Jimmy Warren and 
Bob Green, won the Lettuce 
League at Mitchell 
Judy Brinkley rolled her first HOO (HOS). Pat Robin­ son shot 121 pins over her average with a 246, John Page rolled a 182 triplicate, and Boh Dumont had a 179 all-spare game at Sports Palace 
Flo 
Tulle had a 259 game at Wonder Bowl 
Terry Finger had a 2HH and a 256, 
Larry Porrini 253. Beverly Pantuso 
254, Diane Sivells 
256. and 
Peggy 
Melntire 251 at Oak Hills 
Ruben Hernandez had his first HOO 
(HOS) at Herm ann Sons ... 
Tillie 
Ke>ser rolled a 134 triplicate and 
Paula Wright picked up the the Big 
Four split at All Star ... Bill Torrey 
(A JB C ) had his first HOO (233-613), 
Linda C ontreras had a 117 triplicate, and Sybol Gerdes pic ked up the* Big 4 split at Southside 
Columbia 3oo with Curt Elliott, Nicky Reid. Joe Vito 
Buenrostro. Carlos Castaneda, and 
Wes 
Merck won the 
Alamo 
City 
Traveling League title ... Elliott anil 
Bruce Daudelin Imth had 256 games ut 
Thunder . 
EHI Tomcz.yk will parti­ cipate in the Queens Tournament in 
Milwaukee ... Ken Mills had a 255, 
Ron Gentry 257, Gene Mergle rolled a 
Itll pins over his average with a big 267 game, Lou Urban 
(HIO) and Enter- cnee Gawllk (621) had their first HCH! series, and Sam C orkran had a 254 at 
Goliad 
Harley Sweet won a rolloff over Ray Grant to win the last AVT 
Tourney, which attracted a record 94 entries 
Burns had a 278 at Thunder ... 
Alex Aleman had a 259 at All Star 
George Zaiontz had a 25H at Oak Hills 
Last week's results 

L A N E N O T E * 
A L L S T A B 
Lrtrtjo Torres 2 )1 *8 / 
W oyem ijry 
( Aditio '*8o B a r b a r a Tate VZ*. G lo ria B o m o s SM, 
W endv H o skins SAX, Shannon M e lle n * 4*1. A le * 
A lem an A ll. H ay M om I 61/, S to u te r M a n s fie ld 
6IS, Sterling C o rr 6t*. M al M eek AO? 
G O L ia o 
E m er enc e G aw iik 62). to o u n u m 
6to, B o n n ie M a e t her S S I, G le n d o R e ifc e r S/4. 
D a is y S a tt e r fie ld SSS. V ic k i N e ls o n SSS, B o b 
I reehauf 66/. GuiiQn Com bs J r 61o. Ai C o d y 6it, 
M al Meek 67*. O kie C a rb e rry 6/o. Sam C o lk ran 
614 
(Seven m en over series. 16 ny om en o ve r SM) ser its ) 
H E R M A N N S O N * 
Ruben H ernand ez AOS M a ry 
D avis SSS, C a rm e n C o verin g S37, A lan O uHettc 
74*624. Jo e So las 618. on mg 612. Steve k am m e r 
6o1. M ild red Stout* S26 t J 
M enu, Lottie B o o t h 
Burton B ro o n , V e ro H ie m e r. M a ry Boutdt. M o n te 
Looney, tim e r F rtsb v, I r m o lllh o rd t 
M a rg a re t 
I tens. jeu n m c te e n s ie r , Lots G ra y . A lite Po w ell, and t r n a T re n k e lb a th each p ick ed up d ifficu lt splits 
O A K H I L L * 
T e rry fin g e r H I , O h s P e n ce 661, 
Hon H ay good 6*9, BHI B a k e r 636, Je ff M uim e 631, to m M c E n ro e 628. M arg ie Schw etheim 648. D oris t is ms 642.’ B e y e rty P an tu so 63V. L a u r ie S c a le s 
63/. G lo ria Bio s 629, D iane S iv ed s 62S 
(29 m en over 6oo series, /8 wom en over *3o series 

S A N P E D R O 
L e e W in te r j6S, S42. 
S h o rty 
W illiam s SS6. A lm a C ard e n o s SSI. M a r y H enke 
S49, Porn M etherly SJ4, Doth* C o ro n a s 431. B o b s utoehold S3I. Po t D icke y /3/, Cookie A d eistem 62/. 
Dove Ellis 621, Chock B la ck m a n 6o/, Ju a n P e tr y 
61o 
Tom Ronbv (S r. d i n ) 493, T o m m y B o n ilio 
IB o n ta m i 395. B ru c e Thom as ( J r S r I S94 
Tim 
M i e arth y w as m a rrie d ta k a th y Seisor re ce n tly 
S O U T H S ID E 
G ene Letter 24/6/4 
Jim K e l l 
62/. Llo yd K irk p a trick 62S. Roy B y a r s Sr 624 Bud 
Toite Al/, D o ve W ald en 614. Ja n e t B in g e r 4/8, jo m i Jo hnson S/S, C harlo tte M e r tk SS4, Lo u ise 
W inkler SS7. Jo A n n N oska SSI. St-sre O r tu *46 
Noska hod three series over *4o I U m en o v e r 6oo series, l l wom en over 
SIO se rie s ) 
B o w lin g d o s s e s tor w o rk in g m en ond w o m e n is now organizing tor M o nd ays and T h u rsd ay s at IO a rn and 8 p m ., re s o e tliv e ly 

S P O R T S P A L A C E 
M a ry Lau g h lin 587. Ju d y 
B rin k ley *61. Ja v e Je a n Sm ith SAO. D ee C ap p s SS9. 
Jo a n P o ro d a w s k i $59 
B a r b a r a B ic k m o r e SSS. 
E rn ie Mortar 6/6. t o r t Elliott 641, Bob fre e b o o t 
641, B ru c e D audelin 62/. Jo e VMO B u e n ro s tro 626. 
Tom H yso n 624 
MO m en o v e r 6oo s e r ie s . 
IO wom en over SJO series I 
W O N D E R : G ene B ry a n t ( A J B C ) 733 63o. M a rk 
Goertng ( A J B C ) 
6o/, Jim m ie 
R iv e ro 
213. C u rt 
Elliott o il. R ich a rd Roberts 6/3. S teve Robb 66S. 
Don N orm an 631, BOO M artin 63/, C a rl C ra te d 6 j/. 

SPECIAL TO THE I XPH-is NEWS 

HOUSTON - Tho Trinity 
University men’s tennis team added another victory to their slate as they beat the University of Houston, 8-1, Saturday after­ noon . 
In singles action Friek Iskersky de­ feated Dan Valenteneic 6-2. 6-1; Larry 
Gottfried whipped Tony Stockman 6-1. 
6-3; Tony Giammalva downed Robert 
Fast time posted 

SPfOAl TO THI EXPE!SS NEW S 
GOLIAD — Hezmyna the ran a 17.55 perfor­ mance Saturday for the hest time on the La Bahia 
Downs quarterhorso rac­ ing card. 
Sunday’s schedule begins at I pm. The fea­ ture race on a 15-race card is the South Texas 
Derby Finals with a total gross purse of $19,5oo 

S A T U R D A Y s R E S U L T S 
P tftt R o c *: 
I je t C reek At fa ir . 1/.91 secon d e. 7 
L o u r lta 
M il D ancer. 3 Acom o 
Second Ro c# 
I. K ite G o Nan, 
1/ S8 seconds. 2 C inco L u n a . 3 
Seco M io 
T M rd R a c e : 
I 
M r 
Je t Yet, 
18 o4 second s: 2 
A lre a d y P a s sum , J, Po lleo indian fo u rth 
R o c * : 
I. 
M iss 
Rebel 
C ee. 1/ A4 s e co n d s ; 
2. D itty '* 
G a l. 3 D oc's W ra n g le r je t fifth E o c e 
I. G a lla n t fir s t. 
I Z.Z4 second s. 7 
G o P ir h ir ilio 
Go. 3. A d am 's P rid e 
Sixth R a c e 
I. Ole L a d y s Je t. 
IZ A * seconds. 2 
B ra n d y Bonn, 
3 Oh Savan n ah 
Se v e n th R a c e : 
I 
To o B a r 
S o o t. 
1/./6 s e c o n d s ; 
2 
C o st 
A plenty 3. H e a v e n 's Angel 
E ig h th R a c e : t. B ittv Po ss. 
1/72 seconds. 2 
All R o yale . 
Too Tim e G al 
Ninth R a c e 
I 
S ta c e y 's f ir s t, 
I / 96 seconds. 7 M em o ries. J. am a W am p us Cat. loth R o c a 
I 
Roll EUO. I / 72 s e co n d s. 
2 
G y p s y T e is h a . 3. f i r e E m Up 
I 
M e zm yo o tlve, 
2 Sp eed y s k a th y 

Buchalter 6-3. 6-7, 6-3. Bm McKown almost shut out Scott Mueller 6-1, 6-o, 
Eddie Reese beat Boh Dowlen 6-2. 6-4; and Dave Benson outclassed Hens 
Rush 6-2. 6-4 

Trinity won two matches in doubles play as McKown and Iskersky beat’ 
Va Ionic and Dowlen enei 6-3, 6-3 and 
Reese and Benson defeated Stockman and Mueller. 6-2, 4-6, 6-3. The only hiss of the match for Trinity came as Bu- chalter and Rush downed Mike David­ son and Neal Wade 6-2, 6-2. 

 n t h R o c a : 
I z SS sec ends. 
Ben. 3. Jo lte r . 
12th R o c# 
!/ t i seconds. 
Milo the Man. lit h R o c a : 

1 C h arg et X am o . 
2 
Too fr o s ty . 

I lo forte AO) D onna ta rt e r J9Z, Ja n e C re e ch SBI, 
Colleen K enw o rthy SSO. K a y M e sa m e r S/9. Ma>v fa lc o n e r S/S (76 men over 6oo s e ries, 12 w om en over SSO series) 
T IC K E T S A L E S 
Season tickets tor the l f / / B o w lin g S p e c ta c u la r to be stage d al W onder B o w l are on so le ut m o st lo ca l ce n t*ra A d v a n c e se ason tickets o re p rice d of *9 tor the meet, w hich will hove only toe se a ts a v a ila b le 
In d ivid u a l tickets wilt bo p rice d in o d v a n c o of s i per doy. ond S I Sd at the door P ric e s for the K n o ts are 
14 in ad van ce ond $4 so at the door 
M A R T H A W A S H IN G T O N 
R e s e rva tio n s for the M a r th a W a s h in g to n tour num ent will be closed on M a y I L n t r y fee is SS /S A tee ^pots are rem aining tor the event, set for Ju n e 
4 S. II 17. IS 19. ond 7* 76 
D E A D L IN E 
E n try deadline tor the fourth a n n u a l S A B A H ig h 
School T o urnam ent is T h u rsd a y 
The to u rn a m e n t will Bo hold al M ltchotl L a n e s en A p ril J at I JA p m f o r further details coll H e rb Hedtke a l 342 *441 
K E G T ID B IT S th e 4oth a n n u a l T e x a s W o m e n s B o w lin g A s soc la lion to u rn a m e n t got u n d e r s a y f r i d a y in 
A m orino . 
The first bowling center in the w orld to hove its co m p lete b ow ling s u r fa c e c o v e r e d w ith 
G e n e ra l E le c t r ic C o m p to n y * new P t r m o L o n e 
High P re s a u re La m in ate M a te ria l w ill be wood D ale 
B o w l m W ood D o le , Illin o is 
T h e SSth a n n u a l 
W om en s International B o w ling C ongress opened its 
/1 day run last week with a field of 9.688 te a m s . m aking it the largest m eet in (statory 
S A W B A N O T E S fir s t v ice p re s id e n t M odetyn Sp ren a , th ird v ice president Lois Scott, s e cre ta ry S y lv ia B ro y le s , and 
Sat a la r m s M a ry Pfe iffe r w e re re ele cted at the m eeting, atten d ed bv only 68 m e m b e rs 
E le c te d d irer tors for two ye ars w e re C la ra G rim e s . M y r f 
O ff-tty, irene fro s t, Ire n a Castoido, B e a Jo h n son . 
P e a rl Y a rb o ro u g h , Colleen K e n w o rth y. D e an n a 
Coppa 
Thetm o M a rs h a ll and Susan Schoenfetd 
Doth* f rank w as nam ed to itll a one y e a r ter rn The le g islative com m ittee prop ro sed th re e ch a n g e s to the by law s. the most im p ortant one in cre a s in g the size al the executive board tra m si* o ffice rs and IO d irec to rs to the sam e num ber at o ffic e rs a n d 2o m e m b e rs 
The p ro p o sal re c e iv e d u n a n im o u s ap pi oval and two additional d irecto r s posoittons w e e created The rules w ere a lso a m e n d e d ie stole tho! the annual tournam ent oho!I be held in tw o bow ling establishm ents with a m inim um of 24 tones, and thot e a ch e s ta b lis h m e n t m u st h a v e at le a s t one a il 
W om ens sanctioned le o gge 
K a th y 
A ir st. the 
I/ year old tum or b o w le r, w as in tro d u ce d to th# assem ble os the A lb erta C row# Star of T o m o rro w — she w as presented two round trip tickets to M itw a u see to accept her a w a ro 

I 
T ru ck m a s te r, 
1/93 seconds, 
J 
U s e e W ho. 
M iss A voca loth R ac e 
I 
Strot O ak. I/ se s e c o n d s . 
2 
B lo n d ie B u g , 
Depth M achine 
Porkers sweep 

F A Y E T T E V IL L E . 
Ark 
(A P ) — Arkansas rode the clutch pitching of Mark McClain. David 
Rhodes and Bill Bakewell to a 4-1. 3-1 Southwest 
Conference baseball doubleheader sweep of 
Southern Methodist Sa­ turday. 
McClain scattered six hits and picked up his fifth victory in seven de­ cisions in the opener, lie allowed only one hit after the third inning 
Ar kansas scored two unearned runs in the se­ cond and third innings and wrapped up the vic­ tory on Ralph Bradbury’s two — run single in the fourth. 
Arkansas improved its retord to 23-8 and stands I 
7 5 in SWC while SMU has a conference mark of I 
o 15 and is 6-21 
Delta St. prevails 

M IN N E A P O LIS (A P ) 
— Delta State captured its third straight Asso- elation tif Intercollegiate 
Athletics for 
Women basketball championship with a 68-55 victory over 
Louisiana State Satu r­ day. hlusia H arris, Delta 
State’s 6foot-3 center, scored 23 points and 4 11 
Debbie Brock added 22 to I spark the victory 
The Lady Statesman, who finished the year 
32-3, opent*d a 34-25 half­ time lead and were ahead by as many as 15 points in the second half 
Marco Bennie, LSU ’s 
6 foot-2 freshman star from Australia, was held to just two free throws in the first half and finished with only six points for the Lady Tigers, who ended the year with a 29-8 record. 

H 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 I 977 
Evert, 
Barker to duel 

NEW YO RK (AIM - C h ris 
Exert and Sue Barker won their matches in straight sets Satu r­ day and will meet in the finals 
Sunday of tile $15o,ooo women’s tennis tournam ent at Madison 
Square Garden. 

Miss Evert, the No. I seed, heat 
Rosie C asals 6-1, ti-1 for her third 
\ieto n in three round-robin matches 
In a closer match, the third-seeded 
Miss Barker beat No. 2 seed Martina 
Navratilova 7-5, 6-4, giving her a 3-o round-robin record. 
In another match, Betty Stove of the 
Netherlands beat Kristieti Shaw 6-3, 
6-4 
Miss Navratilova. 2-1, and Ms. 
C asa ls, also 2-1, will meet in the third-place match Sunday. 
Miss Evert held off Ms Casals' fast and aggressive gam e, pinning her to the backcourt when Ms. C asals ob­ viously wanted to come to the net. , 
“ She didn t let me get in to the net at all." Ms. Casals said. "I couldn’t get in to do anything." 
King 
Ms. C a sa ls predicted M iss E v ert would beat Miss Burker Sunday. "She lias far greater experience, is far more consistent and really has played tennis better than ain woman except Billie 
.lean K in g ." Ms C asals said 
"And even there, Billie Dean had physical problems thai Chris doesn t.*’ 
Miss B ark er played an emotional, fast-paeed match against Miss Navra­ tilova. the Czech defector, who beat 
Miss Evert in Hie finals of a women's tourney in Philadelphia. Both players were troubled by sore shoulders, with 
M iss N a v r a tilo v a in pain on each backhand shot. 
In their second set. Miss Barker and 
Miss Navratilova took turns breaking each other s se r v e s until the sixth g a m e , when the blonde Briton held service on a short angle shot. 
Miss Navratilova cut the lead to 5-4 when M i s s B a r k e r 's backhand shot went long. But i i i t lie* next gam e, Miss 
Barker hit a series of cross-court fore­ h an ds 
On the last one 
M iss 
Navratilova slummed the hall into the net to give Miss Barker the match. 
Best 
" I think that's the l>est I ve played on the circuit." said Miss Barker, who played aggressively to Miss Navratilo­ va's backhand. 
In the Stove-Shuw m a tc h , both players used a variety of shots with 
Miss Stove hitting winning overheads and short angle shots and Mrs. Shaw answering mainly with long passing shots. 
Miss Stove's round-robin record was 
1-2. while Mrs. Shaw’s mark was o-3. 
In Saturd ay's lust match. Virginia 
Wade of Creal Britain defeated Mima 
Jausovee of Yugovslavia 6-7. 6-3. 6-4 
Ms. Wade lost the first set on a tie­ breaker and w a s hard pressed i i i both the others a s Miss Jausovee met her net gam e with passing shots and lier lobs va ith accurate oven heads. 
Both players held service in the se­ cond set until Ms. Wade s break in the eighth gam e as Miss Jausovee sent the ball into the net Ms. Wade took the set on an approach shot that Miss Ja u so ­ vee hit down and into the net again. 
S atu rd ay s matches drew 8.462 spec­ tators for a three-day total attendance of 27.563. 
Miss Evert said she expected to play 
MISS Navratilova in the finals and a d ­ mitted she hadn’t seen any of M iss 
Barker s gam es in the tournament. 
"B u t Sue s never beaten m e ," she noted and said the outcom e of their match would depend on Miss B ark er’s fitness and her shoulder. 

ON WHOSE DOTTED LINE? 
B* Bo_b_Dt'f J Soccer 

F O R B E Y IH E .YOST SOUGHT AFTER 
ATHLETE. EVER IM 5AM AMTOKJlO'S 
HISTORY, YOU MO , 6 '- 

HAO OVER 2 o o SCHOO LS OFFER­ 
ING H IM A BASKETBALL SCHOLAR­ 
S H IP . .. .WL A BIO FUSS IS LIKELY 
IO FOLLOW G ILBERTS SCHOOL 
FICK 7 / 

 crown 
I sought 

FOR INSTANCE.•• 
TEXAS COACH A BE L EM O N S 
HAS ALREADY CHARGED THAT j MAHY SCHOOLS HAVE VIOLA- 
I H FD N C A A RULES B Y 
I VISITING THE B U R B A N K 
I 
AR HOO MAHY T IM ES. 
I 
1^ 
^ 
Salinas makes All-State 

SPH .Ad IO int l i m S S NtWS 
KORT WORTH - Burbank's (Elbert 
Salinas, who guided the Bulldogs to the state tournament earlier this month, ha*, been named to the Class AAAA 
All-State first team by the T e x a s 
Sports Association, it was announced 
Sunday. 
Salinas becomes San Antonio’s first first team A ll-State pick by the 
Sportswriters since George Price of 
Brackenridge in 1968. 
Keith Edmonson, the high-scoring 

 junior from MacArthur, was named to the third team. Edmonson, who led the city in scoring, was one of only two underclassmen honored in the selections. 

Salinas, the towering 6-11 postman who is destined to be one of the most highly-recruited players in the city’s history, finished his four-year career with the Bulldogs by scoring 2,2o2 points, a city record. 

Edm on son had 
823 p oin ts for 

MacArthur and can su rp ass Salin as’ scoring mark if his senior year is comparable to his junior cam paign. 
Also named to the first team were guard Cullen Mayfield of state ch am ­ pion Dallas South Oak Cliff, guard 
Chuck O’Neall of Houston Milby and inside performers Ja m e s Griffin of 
F o rt 
Worth 
D u n b ar an d 
R alp h 
McPherson of Arlington. Griffin is a junior. 

 fin . 
F o r t 
W o r t h 
D u n b a r , 
6 9, 
M c P h e r s o n , A r li n g t o n H ig h . 6 7, 
O N eon, H o u sto n M llb v . 65 , sr.. C u lle n M a y fie ld . 
D a lla s South O oh Clift. 5 7, sr 

Ralph 
C h u c k 

A A A A A L L - S T A T E 
First n o m 
G ilbert Sa lin a s, B u rb a n k , 6-11, sr. 
J a m e s G rlf- 

Second Team 
R o sh e rn A m ie , M a r s h a ll, 6 8, lr.; R v n n W rig h t, 
D a lla s R o o se velt. 6 5, sr,; C h a r le s M o o re , C o r p u s 
C h risti M o o d y. 6 7 , sr.; D o v id B u r n s . D a t lo s So u th 
O a k Clift, 6 s r . ; M ic h a e l W a tle y , F o r t W o rth 
D u n b a r. 6-3. sr, 

T hird Team 
D o ro ld M o m *. E l P a s o E a stw o o d . 6 8. sr 
K e ith 
E d m o n s o n , M a c A r t h u r . 6 5, lr ; 
B B 
D a v is . 
B e a u m o n t F r e n c h , 6 8, sr.; 
T im C r e n s h a w , E l 
P a s o E a stw o o d . 6 4 , sr.,- D a r r e ll M itc h e ll, G o i v t ’ ton Boll, 6 3 , sr 
Watson seizes 
4-shot margin 

HILTON HEAD ISLAND, S C. 
(AH) 
— T o m 
W atson, his boyish, freckled face grim and unyielding in con cen tration , played steadily to a five-under- par bb that staked him to a four-stroke lead Seturday in the third round of the $225,ooo Sea 
Hines Heritage Golf Classic. 

W atson, who blew a chance for a victory lust week, renewed his quest of a third title of the young season with a 
2IK) total, 13 under liar for 54 holes over the H arbour Town Golf Links, 6.655 

✓ H ts I LTS, /Vi.vt* SS 

 yards of pine woods and water, yawn­ ing tra p s and m oss-hung trees that co m p rise one of the nation s most testing layouts. . 3 
G r a h a m M a rsh , a g lo b e tro ttin g 
Australian who has collected some 2o in tern ation al titles bul ra n k s a s a rookie on the A m erican tour, once moved to within a single shot of the 

 leader. But he pumped one into the water on the par three 14th and took a fat " 5 " on his way to a 67 and second alone ut 2o4. 
That national television audience did not see Watson widen his lead by two strokes over the last two holes. The cam eras cut away with Marsh trailing by only two. The Australian, however, bogeyed the 17th and Watson birdied the IHtii. which stretch es 458 y a rd s along the marshy banks of Calibogue 
Sound tin this resort island. 
Masters champion Ray Floyd twice chipped in for birdies — the lust on the 
18th capping a string of three conse­ cutive birds on the finishing holes — for a 66 that pulled him to within five strokes ut 2(15. 
Chunky George Cadie had a 68 in the mild, overcast weather and was fourth at 2o7. a distant seven strok es back going into Sunday’s final round of the chase for a $45,ooo first prize. 
Ben C ren sh aw , who p lay ed in a blue-ribbon th re e so m e with J a c k 
Nickluus and Gary Player, bogeyed two of his last three holes but still managed a 68 and a tie with Ed Sneed ut 2o9 
Nickluus had a frustrating day with a putter that has been balky all season, failed to make a major move and. with a 7o, was IO shots off the pace at 21o. 
Ile w as tied with Hale Irw in, who slipped to a 72. Player shot 68-2o9 
Danny Edwards, one shot out of the lead after two rounds, blew to a 75 and a 212 total that put him out of the title chase. 
Defending champion Hubert Green arid U.S. Open champion Je rry Pate, who is m aking his first app earan ce after an injury absence of more than a month, were at 215. Green shot a 69, 
Pat** 72. 

'aWMtr 
W A T SO N blasts from trap during Saturday play 

NOW! i f 

 rn 

COMPUTE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 
INCLUDING: 

• 35 NOMS OI (UQM! IN A lf/7 USINA ISO 
• ?o noun of tm flight hawing with tout msnuaoi 
• CISSNA iNltGUUO ILICH I HAINING ST SHN 
• norm, ruMitt counjiot 
• LOC KXM 
• HAINING SU U W S 
• W I CISSNA ISO (ONUOHA PILOT Off IAT ING HANDBOOK 
• CISSNA MAKUA: OI HIGHT 
• CISSNA WlVATt moi WOW MIO* 
• CISSNA MWAH PILOT HAINING UC MO fOLOI* 
• 35 KOUNS OI GAOUNO HAINING 
• (OMPI! Ti CISSNA AtMHO VISUAL ll Aft Al I USAGE 
COMPLETE 
PACKAGE $895 

METRIC AIRMOTIVE INC. 
ROOSEVELT A N O 99TH AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO. TIXAS 76214 
5 1 2 -922-2747 • 9 2 4 -7 3 7 5 

Baylor wins 

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Susie Snider E ppers scored 34 poults as Baylor cam e from behind Saturday to defeat Southern 
Connecticut 71-89 for fifth p la ce in the A ssociation of 
Intercollegiate Athletice for Women basketball tournament. 

Southern Connecticut led 41-37 at the with eight minutes remaining in the rallied to wn 

 half and by 16 points game before Baylor 

Juan Van Ness topped Southern Connecticut with 22. 

PROFESSIONALLY INSTALLED 
AUTOMOBILE 
GLASS TINTING 

'full U bu much ntotu iomliMtabtu 
S G L A R - X ' 

Urn Cm fro* film Im Window* 

• KEEPS CARS COOLER 
• STOPS SUN FADE 
• SAVES AIR CONDITIONING 
• DO-IT-YOURSELF AND SAVE 

DIFFtMSNl COLOM FILM 
A V A IL A B L E 

SOLflR-X 

OF SAN ANTONIO 
AOI ISOM MD.— S W U RIO 
3 4 9 -6 4 6 9 

Bv CLIFFORD BROYLES 
OF IH I EXPRESS NEW S STAFF 

The winningest athletic team at Alamo Heights High School is not even recognized on cam pus. 

The Alamo Heights Soccer Club fin­ ished second last week in the high school d iv isio n of the s t a t e youth soccer playoffs in Houston. 
It was the first loss this season for the Schvvinns. 
The two y ear m ark for the team under form er Toro Laszlo Simon is 
67-4-2. 
The team took 35-1-2 record into S a ­ tu rd ay ’s opening round of the U .S. 
Junior Soccer championships in Hous­ ton. Their ultimate goal is a berth in tin* national finals, scheduled for the sum m er at the Houston Astrodome. 
San A n ton io’ s only other youth soccer team s to advance to the state fin a ls w ere the C a stle H ills Red 
Thunger and Universal City Je ts, who clashed in the F Division (7 8 year- olds) finals. The Red Thunder co m ­ pleted an undefeated season by win­ ning a double overtime thriller. 3-2. 

Name 

Although the team is not recognized a s the A lam o H eigh ts High School team, it took up the name since all the players are students al Heights. 
The Schvvinns are sponsored by the 
Alamo Bicycle Club and also gather resources from the pocketbook of Si­ mon. a general contractor. 
A veteran of soccer since he was a six-yeur-old in his native Hungary, Si­ mon has done a pretty shrewd job of constructing his team into the best in the city. 
"Discipline and good practices have been the keys to su ccess," said Simon. who plays with Pearl International lo­ cally, "unci we’ve got the boys that have been willing to do the job and it has taken a lot of work. 
"W e p ra ctic e everyday and when you’ve got the players that are willing to do the work then it just takes som e­ body to show them how and they will get the job done.” 
Heights lieut the Sun Antonio Amor- i icun Legion team recently for the city’s bragging rights. Both team s arc in the national playoffs. 
Improved 

Simon says this year’s club is " fa n ­ tastically improved" over last y ear’s. 
"The techniques and discipline with which they play are vastly im proved," he elaborated. 
The club is a veteran unit. Eight of ll .starters are in their second season on the team. 
Simons considers his team leaders tv* be m id d le b a e k e r 
Andy 
Ilart- m a n g ru b e r. cen ter forw ard Wayne 
Frier, midfielders Joel Deal and Brett 
Frazier and left forward Steve Kinney. 
The balance of the starting lineup includes goalie Sam Torrey, right back 
Andy McNew, left buck Dave Keyser, m idfielder Winston Cutler, and for­ wards Joe Sanford and d r e g Thomas. 
Priority 

Simon s first priority in the national playoffs is to gain a shot ut Houston 
Quail V alley, which conquered the 
Schw inns, 2-1, in the state title match 
Heights handed Houston W estbury’* 
Red Slurs their only defeat of the season the day before in the semis. 
"We weren’t beaten by a better team ," insists Simon. "W e were just exhausted. We didn t get to Houston until 4 a.m . the day of the gam e and we were tired when we played. 
" I ’m just hoping we’ll get another shot at them in the national playoffs. I feel the team we lieut i i i the sem is was a much ladler one." 
Simon is also iii the process of tiding to score a goal against Alamo Heights school officials, who arc apparently* just as determined to post a shutout. 
"W e would like to be recognized bv the school," said Simon. " I ve asked to meet them halfway. 

Practice 
"They won’t let us step on a practice field at the school. It just isn t fair to my kids to have to go somewhere else and practice.” 
" l f they’d just give us a place lo practice and maybe help out with the transportation then it would help a lot." he continued. "Soccer is a cheap s|Hirt. You don’t have to buy shoulder pads and the like. Just shoes, a ball, and some shorts and you can p lay." 
Simon said he has offered to give clinics on soccer in the school at no charge but was turned down. 
" I t s tough on m e ," he added. "I have to leave my business cur Iv each day for practice aud then must drive an extra five to seven miles to get tile boys to practice and home a g a in ." 

Heights wins 

5FICIAL TO IH I U R R E ii N tW | 

HOUSTON — The Schwinn soccer team of Alamo 
Heights defeated the Houston Warriors. 6-o, Satur­ day in the first round of McGuire Cup competition. 
Schwinn plays a second-round match Sunday i i i 
San Antonio against Houston Westchester. Game time is 1:3o p m. at Olmos Basin field 
Frank Monreul scored three goal for Heights in its victory over th** Warriors Wayne Frier added two goals and Steve Kinney one. 

Snake*, Pirate* try again today 

SVEC IA I IO IH I U M t W M A i 

GEORGETOW N — Rain forced postponement of 
Saturday s college baseball doubleheader bid ween 
St. M ary’s and Southwestern The twin bill has been rescheduled for Sunday, lieginning ut I 3o p.ut. 

AP WIREPHOTO 

I 
I 

6th win in row for 
LARRY MILBOURNE 
. . . double 
Astros 

COCOA, Fla. (AP) — Larry Milbourne doubled in Joe Sambito from second base with one out in the ninth innings to give the 
Houston Astros their sixth straight exhibi­ tion victory, 3-2 over the Minnesota Twins 
Saturday. 

It was Houston's fifth victory in a row by one run. 
Sambito, the winning pitcher, opened the ninth by drawing a walk from losing hurler Vie Albury, who then wild pitched Sambito to second base. Art Howe grounded out but Milbourne laced a solid double to left field. 
Earlier. Joe Ferguson had collected his first spring homer for one Houston run and doubled to set up the other score, which was driven in by Howe on a single. 
Lyman Bestock and Rob Wilfong drove in Minne­ sota runs with hits. 
Joaquin Andujar, Mark Lemongello and Sambito combined to pitch a four-hitter for the Astros. 
Lemongello was particularly impressive, working three perfect innings. 

{’billies, 7-1 

CLEARWATER, Fla.(AP) — Greg Luzinski drove in three runs with a double and a two-run homer as the Philadelphia Phillies defeated the St. Louis 
Cardinals 7-1 in exhibition baseball Saturday. The 
P his got all their runs off Cardinals starter Erie 
Rasmussen. 
Tommy Hutton doubled in the second, moved to third on an infield out and scored on a passed ball. 
The Phils got two more in the fourth when Luzinski knocked in one w ith his double and scored on catcher 
Tin Blackwell s single. 

Pirates, 7-o 

SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) — Jim Hooker pitched one-hit ball for six innings and Fernando Gonzalez lashed out two singles, a double and a homer and drove in four runs Saturday to lead the Pittsbirgh 
Pirates to a 7-o exhibition baseball victory over the 
Chicago White Sox. Willie Stargell belted a two-run homer for the Pirates. 
The only hit off Hooker was a double in the second inning by Lamar Johnson Eddie Whitson finished up the shutout, yielding three singles in the final three innings. 
Ex h I /> I /1 o n 11 ii c . s c o r e s 

A l C lio r w a lt r . FIO 
SI LOWIS ( N I 
OOO OOO 1oo— 1 8 I 
P h ila d e lp h ia 
IN ) 
o1o 74o OO* — 7 9 I 
R a so o ss e n . H a r r is o n (6), D u n n in a (8) o n d S im m o n s . L e r c h , 
P e e d ( 6 ) , B r u s s t a r 
( 9 ) a n d 
B la c k w e ll. A A c C a r v e r (7 ) 
W — 
L e r c h 
L - R a s m u s s e n . 
H R — P h ila d e lp h ia . L u / m sk i 

A l S a ra so la . FIO. 
P ittsb u rg h 
( N I 
oIQ ?o I 2 1 o - 7 IS o 
( hic OO O (A ) 
OOO OOO OOO 
o 
4 2 
H ooker. W h itso n (7) a n d O v e r, 
K n a p p . M o r a n (5), J o y c e <71, O I 
(en (91 orid le s io n 
W - H o o k e r 
L - K n a p p 
H R s - P i t t s b u r g h , 
G on /o ie r S ta rg e ll 
At W inter H agen. FIO 
D etroit I A I 
TOI OOO OOO— J 
6 2 
B osto n (A ) 
OJO JJ? I J* — IS 17 2 
R o b e rts, O n lli (6). T a y lo r (7) a n d 
M O V . 
W o c k e n l o s s 
( 6 ) . 
C le v e l a n d . C a m p b e l l (8 1 a n d 
F i s k . 
M o n t g o m e r y 
161 
W - C l e v e l a n d 
L — R o b e r t s . 
H R s — D e t r o it , K e m p 
B o s t o n . 
F isk , 
C a rb o . 
H o b so n 

At V e ro Beach. FIO 
Toronto ( A i 
JOO o2o o o o - S 
9 ? 
L o s 
A n g e le s 
( N I 
1o2 OOI I ? * — 7 16 I 
Sutton. H a u g h (71 a n d V e a g e r. 
O a te s (71. V u k o v K h , H o o te n (61. j o h n s o n 
( / I a n d 
A s h b y . 
W - H o u g h L — J o h n so n 

A t T a m p a . FIO. 
M o n tre a t ( N I 13o o41 ooo - 9 14 2 
C in cin n a ti 
( N I 
OOO oo4 oo2 — 6 
9 2 
R o g e rs, T e rp k o (81 o n d C a rte r; 
M o sk o u , N o r m a n (61 a n d B e n n h , 
P lu m m e r (61 W R o g e r s . L M o t k o u H R — K n ig h t 
A t Cocoa. Flo. 
M in n e so ta (A ) OOI IOO ooo— 2 4 o 
H o u sto n ( N I 
o1o IOO oo1— 3 9 I 
P o r ik , B a r o m e t e r (6). A lb u r y 
(9) a n d W y n g e g a r , L o n c h a r (31 
A n d u ia r, L e m o n g e llo (S I. S o m b i to <81 o n d F e g u so n . W — So m b ito , 
L — A lb u r y H R — H o u sto n. 
F e rg u son . 
At P o m o a n o Beach , F la 
A tlanta ( N I 
2oo oo3 o 1 1 - 7 14 2 
T e .a s ( A l 
311 O II S o * - I 2 IS I 
Ru th ve n . D a lC o n to n (6). A u try 
(B l. T o r r e a lb a (8 ) a n d N o lo n 
A le * a n d e r , F o u c o u lt (6). L m d b la d (71,C u e lla r (9 ) a n d F a h e y 
W 
A l e x a n d e r 
L - R u t h v e n 
H R s 
A tla n ta 
B u r r o u g h s , N ola n, 
M o o re , T e x a s 
B e rn o o el. F r e g o si, G rie ve , F a h e v 
At Sun City. A r il 
O a k lu n U ( A ) n o IOO o o o - 7 13 I 
M ilw a u k e e 
( A l 
IOO 4oo 1oo - 6 12 I 
Tor re/. C K M itc h e ll (61. G iu sti 
(8) a n d S o n g o ille n , S la to n , R o d r ( g o e r ( S I, M c C l u r e (8 ) a n d 
M o o r e 
W T o r r e i 
L S l a t o n 
H R s - O a k l a n d . P a g e , L in t * . M il­ w aukee. M o n e y , C oo p er. 

,o' »|l| ‘ to 4 i,:1. <tm 
-IMH* i „ f 

1 
..... 

 p * / 
3o DAV 
GRISS 
B Y I HOUR GOLF 

(THE FAS G RASS METHOD) 

W e Hydro-Mulch prepared ground with seed, fertilizer and soil amendments in a fibrous slurry which can give your yard, or any ground surface a quick and guaranteed beautiful yard. 

Id 

Call 
#lHOURGOLf 

(512) 349-5233 or write to 1o5 Biltmore 
San Antonio,Texas 78213 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
SAVE 

Save s8 on Sears Penske inductive timing light 

Penske 
Sears Bert! East, easy 
R egular $ 4 4 .9 9 to use. Clip* on # I spark plug no need for adapters. wire 
Includes carrying ease 

9 6 

Save* *2 5 e»n engine* an alyze r 

Reg. $13*1.95 | 1 4 9 9 

Perform s 3o electrical and ignition tests with profes­ sional accuracy. 

Save s6 em ig n itio n an alyze r 

Reg. $ 3 5 .9 9 
2 9 W 

Checks RPM settings for c a rb u re to r a d ju stm en ts, point resistance, dwell. 

 on Steady Rider shocks 

It. p illa r * 1 2 . 9 9 

Sears Best lie*a\y-eluly shocks! Lxclusive teiii|H*ratiire-seiisiti\e de\ ice. Helps your car ride smoothly and handle* com fort­ ably limier alums! any elm iug conditions. 
Fit most \m eriean made ears, imports, pickup trucks and \ a t i s ! Fast, low-ens! installation available. 

All P r M - e s on this ad 
(rood thru S at., April 2nd 

L im ite d w a rran ty o n S t e a d y R id c r (h o c k a b s o rb e r tor a t lo n g a t yo u o w n the v e h ic le ll Stuad yPidef sh o ck absorber lad s w hdo th.* or gm a purchaser ow ns tho car it will ba replaced upon re­ turn. free of charge, or the purchase price will bn re funded K tho detective shock absorb, r w as installed by Sears, we wdl install tho new shock absorber with no ch arge tor labor It the detective shock absorb. r was not installed by Sears, installation of the replace ment shock absorber is not included under this war ranly This warranty do e s not cover sh o ck absorbers installed on vehicles used tor com m erced purposes 

Ahk about Seam 

 credit plans 

 bea rs 

 fg&r 

*6 Off 
Sears 3 6 m aintenance-free battery*, you never add water 
99 
Regular 
S31.99 
25 exeh. 

$2 off 12 ft. booster cables 

Keg. $ I 1.99 
9 " 

Heavy-duty rabies, flexi­ ble when it’s suh-iero. 
$1.69 c a b le s...............1.39 

SIO off 8 amp. battery charger 

Keg. $ 3 9.99 
2 9 " 

8- am p. in itia l surge ideal fr.r ipiiek boost to a run-down battery. 

H u l l e r * |» erfo rm ;in ee elia ra e le rislie * ra te d fo r p o w er aceo rd - ii*K lo B a ttery G ouneil I n te rn a tio n a l sta n d a rd * (G ro u p 2 IG ) 

C o ld c ra n k in g p o w er 
Rt*M‘rv*» rap acity b o u r rap a c ity 
N um ber u f p lates 

3 9 9 am p * . 
8 9 m in u te s 
SO 
SI 

Free check of your starting/charging sys­ tems. If you need a new battery, consider the power-rated Sears 36. Fit most Amer­ ican cars. Reserve capacity. 

Rain scrubs baseball tilts 

All three high school baseball gullies involving 
San Antonio learns scheduled Saturday Mere Mashed out by tlx* ruin. 
The pair of District 32-AAAA games pitting Lee at 
Seguin and MacArthur at San M a rc o s have l>eeti reuchedulcd for 4:15 p m. Monday. 
No definite date has been set for the Jefferson- 
Holy Cross game at the tatter s field 

SAVE ‘26 to *5o .... .hi, double steel belted radial in sets of 4 
LAST WEEK 

Scars long-wearing 
Steel 
Guardsman 
Radial com ­ bines tile strength of steel with the responsive hand­ ling characteristic* of radial design. 6 water channeling grooves for wet wea tiler traction. 

P r o p e r a l i g n m e n t for y o u r car h elps m prove steering and extends the life of your tires. Most 
A m erican-made cars. In­ c lu d in g th o s e w ith air conditioning and torsion bars. 
Electronic- 
Digital Spin 
Balancing 

88 ll 

R egular $ 1 6 
4 W HEELS 

C om puterized m eth od helps give scientific a c c u r a c y in both static and d y n a m i c b a l ­ ancing for most radials, belted tires and light tru ck tires. 

Hears Steel 
1(Uxr.t.iiixii Ktt.lial and old lire 

Hrgtiliir prtrr vt bit* Mall 

Sale prk e ea* w hilr* all 

I d a . 
’ 
I I I. rn . lire 
A HTR-13 
11 $2 
37,kl 
I 99 
HK TH-I t i t rI in 11 
2 <16 

HUTH-11 
(A. Ct 
12.36 
2.311 
EHTH-It 
53. Kl 
15 76 
2 IT 

 f HTH-11 
57 IM 
Ut.61 
2.65 
G it TH-11 
62.62 
52. T 2 
2.85 

 l i l t TH-11 
I i ? . 58 
$7 11 t I I I 

I. RTH-15 
65. TH 
55. H5 
2.9(1 
11 It TH-15 
69 HI 
59.ii I 
I 11 

I 
I It TH-1 & 
K l 5 6 i I -HH 
I I I 

Guardsman 4-ply 

(Quality construction, v a l u e price*! 
Strong polyester c o r d p ile* f o r smooth ride plus great durability. 

Hears (.uxr.lantsn and old lire 
Hears |iri« 
Ilia. kwall 
|dus 
E l l . 
ATH-13 
16.5o 
1.72 
HTH-11 
IR.5o h t s 
(":tk- i I 
2o.541 
2o1 
ETH-11 l l (Kl 
2.23 
ETH-11 
22.IMI 
2 37 
(TTH-11 
21.(Mi 
2.53 
569-15 
2o.5o 
1.77 

(.TH-15 
21.IMI 
2.59 

HTH-15 
26.IMI 
2. T9 

P rices (hmm! th ru April 2nd 

Sport radial tire for compacts 

Y O U R C H O IC E 
88 
29 

P lu s E l I a . haled b r io . 

Y ou’ll like th e hsiks, an d the low- price, of this sp o rty tire! 2 fiber glass l>elts. 

S e a rs G u a r d s m a n S p u rt Hull a a 

 a n d o ld U te sear* p rice 
Id s. k w all p lu s 
G G T . 
155-12, 6.oo-12 
29. KH 
2 17 
155-13, 5.6o-13 
29.HH 
1.67 
175-14, 6.95-11 
29. HH 
2.o7 
155-15, 5 6o-15 
29.HH l.9 | 
165-15, 6.oo 15 
29.HH 
2.o3 

Mounting and Rotation included 

Sears Where America shops 

U u x t lu x x I t k i k M o re 
So le d a d at S s . a r n . 
A u to m o lite ti..ut. 
M o n s a d I burk, 7 .1(1 9 
AU .ah* i day* 7 ild-h 

M illiard I tr n e M ore a l I Se a .a ii Io u Mil 
A u to m o lite H our* 
M u a I b tu S a l 
8 9 

(a -a lra l P a rk Store 
S a a P e d ro al L o u p H O 
A u lm ix .lite H our* 
Mom I bro S a l 
H-9 

I ru e k T ire t .enter 
11 11 Al I la . k b r r r t 
228 CNO 
Atua th ru Sa l. 
7:So-5.:MI 

SLAMS, HO! tux K ANH CO. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

N E IG H B O R H O O D **1o1(1 J* ( m o s t H em s a m i service* sh o w n also al N e ig h b o rh o o d sto re s ) 
I im c r * « l I ilk 
\ a i l l t -IL 
9 6 2 B a n d e ra Rd. 
DUM) S U M W h ile Itll. 
163.1 P at H o o k er Itll. 
1,71-.V iI I 
132-2391 
3 3 3 -2 9 IU 
I..'»U -7I9| 

Poge 6-S 
H » 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S-— Sunday Morch 27 1977 
Spurs can win berth today 

Th*- Spurs rail clinch an Eastern 
('(inference playoff berth Sunday if they beat Kansas City and the New 
York Hun ks lose to Washington. 
As it now stands, any combination of 
Spur victories or Knick defeats totaling two assures San Antonio of a post-season berth 
San Antonio enter Sunday's game at 
The Arena with a 11-33 mark, while 
New York takes a 33-411 record into its game at Landover, Md After Sunday, the Spurswill have seven regular sea­ son games rem aining, the Snicks eight lf the Spurs clinch a playoff berth 
Sunday, they will be the fourth team in the Eastern Conference to do so. 
Houston, Philadelphia and Washington have qualified 
Washington captured its berth by beating the Knicks in New York Sa­ turday night. 

That would leave two spots to be filled, with three teams — the Knicks, 
Poston and Cleveland — still i i i the race. 
Cleveland and Boston have the edge over the Knicks. The Cavaliers are 
39-34 and the Celtics 38-35. 
The first round of the playoffs 
(best-of tbree series) is tentatively scheduled to begin April 12-13. 
Division winners automatically qua­ lify for the playoffs and get a first- round bye. The other four berths are determined by won-lost records. 
OI the latter four teams, the club with the best record plays the team with the worst record and the second and third teams meet in the firat round. 
Thus, if the playoffs were to begin today, the Spurs (41-33) would play 
Cleveland (39-34) and Washington 
(43-3o) would meet Boston (38-35). San 

. -mMgRK! 

Antonio and Washington would have the home-court advantage since they have the best records 

Houston (48-28) and Philadelphia 
(44-28) would be the division winners, and would have the home-court ad­ vantage for the second round, which has a bost-of-sevon format. 

In the Western Conference, only one team — Los Angeles — has clinched a playoff berth But two others — Denver and Portland — can sew up berths 
Sunday provided they both win and 
Seattle loses. 
After that, there are five teams still in contention for the playoffs. They are 
Detroit, Kansas City, Chicago, Golden 
State and Seattle 
The Spurs still have an opportunity to win the Central Division, but Hous­ ton and Washington would have to col­ lapse in the stretch, and that is unli­ 

 kely to happen. 
Here is a look at the schedules of the four Central Div ision contenders: 

SAN ANTONIO 
Home 
M arch JI. Konsos C liv . M arch 29. 
Washington; April 3, Atlonto: April 6. Philomel phio 

Away 
Morch 31. Golden Stole. April I. Los 
Angeles; April 9, Boston; April IO. Milwaukee. 

C L E V E L A N D 

Home; 
M arch 29. Boston. April 3. Konsos City. 
April 5, Washington. April J, D en ver; April 9, 
Detroit 

Away; 
M o rch 21. Chicago; April I, New O r­ leans. April 2, Houston; April IO. Boston 

HOUSTON 
Home 
April 2. Cleveland. April 9, Denver 

Aw ay; 
M arch 22. Detroit. M orrh 29 Golden 
State, Morch JO. Seattle. April I. Washington. April 
A. Boston. April 8. Chicago 

W ASH IN G TO N 

Home 
March 22. New York Knicks; Morch 3o, 
Ailanto, April 3. New York Nets; April 6. Chicago; 
April IO. Philadelphia 
A w a y 
M a rc h 29, Son A n to n io ; A p ril 5, 
Cleveland. April 9. Philadelphia 

Parting Shots 

 l l v J e f f (p l nan 

Spurs becom ing adversity’s heroes 

Bullets hit 

NEW VORK (A F) — Elvin Hayes scored 12 of his 19 points in the third quarter Saurday night and led the Washington Bullets to a 
98-92 National Basketball Association victory over the* New York 
Knicks. 
Rockets hot 

HOUSTON (Al*) — Rudy Tomjano- vich scored 24 points arid Kevin Kun- nerl added 23 Saturday night to lead 

It was the fourth consecutive triumph fur the Bullets, who trailed by as many as ll points during the third period but forged ahead before the end of the quarter. 
Rookie center Lonnie Shelton scored 
14 points and grabbed 13 rebounds in the Houston Rockets to a Kb-9/ Na- the first half to help the Knicks to a tional Basketball Association victory 
48-39 lead. New York held a 58-47 ad- over the Kansas < tty Kings, vantage with 8:34 to go rn the third 
The victory was Houston's 13th in its quarter, w hen Washington began its last 15 games and kept the Rockets 2 12 comeback. games ahead of second place W a­ llaces pumped in eight points as the shington til the NBA Central Division 
Bullets outscored New York 2o-4 over 
The Rockets, tied 82-62, midway through the third period, outscored the 
Kings 17-8 to take a 79-88 lead with 1:48 tlit* next seven minutes to take a 87-82 lead and control of the game. The 
Bullets led 71-88 going into the final; left in the period period and Mitch Kupchak scored 13 
Calvin M urphy, who scored 22 points and Dave Bing added IO down! poionts lor Houston, had 14 in the the stretch to assure the victory. second half and helped break open a 
Kupchak tied Hayes for Washington I 52-52 game after two periods. scoring honors while Bing and Phil 
The defeat was the second in two 
Chenier added 14 apiece. Earl Monroe nights tor Kansas ( tty and cut its lead 

4 

 topjied the Knicks with 28 and Shelton finished with 22 
The Knicks were without three of their regulars — Boh McAdoo. Walt 
Frazier and Spencer Haywood, all of whom were sidelined by injuries. 

W ASHING TO N (f t ): Grev.w 6 o-o 12. Haves 8 3 4 
19, Unseld 3 4 4 IO. Chenier A 2 2 14. Henderson J OO 
IO, Wright o OO o, Bing 2 OO 14. Kupchak 8 3 3 19. 
G ray o OO o Totals 43 I J 13 98 

N EW YO RK (92): McMillan 2 OO 14. M cM illa n A 
2 7 14. Shelton IO 2-4 22, Beard 4 o-o 8. Monroe 17 14 
28 Lovton o oo o. Jockson I OO I. Bradley 2 OO 4. memingei o o o o. Burden o o-o o Totals 42 8 IO 92 
Washington 
21 It 17 27-98 
New York 
2* 22 2o 74—92 

Fouled out 
None Total touts—Washqmgton IS. 
New York 18 A-18.1So 

BERT JO N E S A N D M RS. BERT JO N E S leave the small county chapel in Grand Coteau, La., where they were married Saturday. Jones, the 
Baltimore Colt quarterback, and his wife were married at the Sacred 
^ 
Heart Academ y where his bride, formerly Danielle Marie Dupuis, 
(. 
1 * o 1 1 attended for her secondary education. — AP Wirephoto 
LOOK! 

B E 
IM M .I’I M U \ I 

I’m.rn.. \ | n it L r ( • iii* i k j lll In lit l|» MUI Iii Im 

■ m u . 
.h i m i l . 11, i i . I. r n Im.- i n . . - m a n 
V 
I I -Ii**** 
. . i m I., i i . ( i t - ( n u n M i n i i i i. i i I i . i i i **-! I.it.1.1- 
C r . o i l . . u j i l l - 
M . n t.. . i i )... 
M M U - L u , ..I f u l l f i l - . u n i I . . . . m i . 
,i j m r t **• -i 

I M I . I >1111 > MI ll.ill.II I \ 11.111 -1 I III! II -I TS 
I ll. i n 
M i l l . . 111.1111 V .,,1.1 

. i n M i ll i n g I n I . . H u m . . i i i - t i . . • — -fir. i m ii iii. t t i . .ii - • 
.u t — 
Iii- 
(..iii ..I iii. 
V i m . 11. .i i i I lr. . u n . . . i i i . i i i i . 
I i i m .1 Iii-Ii i i i . m i l t 
111.1 III.till HIM llM lllll -I ll ll -JI. I I M id i .III .l- - lll.ll I 111 III I v 
I N . .i i i.. V li i ll l , 1 
I u n , l i m - ..(l. r- iii.--. . i . L . i ii t . i M - 

• I ult ( 
• I <.i i i (ii. I. ll.U llin ;: |H'<.|’rilMi 
111.1 -<-|i<M>l, • ) ‘ l U llin « \ |M ll -ll I l . r c 1-lull ll n ill l<M'Ulioi| 
•' Ii *Ti**«i It* t'M n il o |i.'iiin p .iiul .ill, f. • I’r t j w r .'.l (im . 
1. — u . n ; i l 
11111-iii«-«Ii.i ,««|v, i 'i i - u i M . • 
I,>1.11 . I , * , n i l l i n g : 
* -i,ni. 

I t o i i t i i u i t i i i t i t H u m ii (MV iii, iii u t S H J i ll 1- r , . | i n r > il 
K iiijii 

I i i i , .IV . " L i l t . I n « | ll . ll i l i« - , l M i l li s n i l l . , I - 
I .lit , n i l l I 1 
» | J — I T H 

M . ' J u i M u l l 
I ' l u n t i l VI I tl l I n I , 
I J l l * X iii, r n . in B a n t . 
I n H i i 
Vii-1 ii i 
I , \ j - T B T u l . 

P h O JC T O MUFFLER CENTER 

R u therford wins p o le 

PH O EN IX, A m . (A P ) 
— Johnny Rutherford, driving a sleek new Cos- uorth-powered McLaren 
M24, turned i i i the fastest lap run at Phoenix Inter­ national Raceway since 
1973 in winning the pole position for Sunday's 
Jim m y Bryan 154) for In­ dianapolis ears. 
Rutherford was timed at an average speed of 
142.238 miles per hour 
Saturday around the bumpy one-mile oval, beating Gordon Johneoek 
— holder of the track record at 143.713 m p h 
— by less than a tenth of a second. Johneoek was at 141.232 m p h. in a 
Wildcat. 

R IC H FIELD . Ohio (A P ) - Elmore 
Smith scored lh of his 12 points in the fourth quarter to spark a surge that carnal the Cleveland ( availers to a 
99-94 National Basketball Association victory over the Atlanta Hawks Satur­ day night. 
The game was close through three quarters, with Cleveland leading 19-18 at the end of the first period and trailing 48-4(1 at the half 
The Hawks boosted that margin to nine jMiints at 52-43 for their biggest lead fo the game, lint Cleveland went back on top 72-71 at the end of the third. 
Bingo Smith finally put the Cavaliers ahead to stay with a 2tl-footer from the left wing with 7:o7 left to play to break a 78-78 tie. 8 

A TLAN TA (94) 
Drew 14 4 8 37 Dobm wn ll 8 17 
3. MernweoOver 7 J J A. Brown 7 o-o 4, Hill I O O 2. 
Dicker von 3 o 2 A. Howes SOO IO. ioiourner J OO 4, 
Charles o BOO Tolols 4o 14 74 94 

C L E V E L A N D <99>. Snyder A OO 12. Brewer 3 I J 
2. Chones S 2 2 17. Corr 8 7 7 IS, W lker 2 9 17 73. 
B Smith S J 3 13. Lam ber! o oo o. E Smith 5 2 7 12, 
Brokaw I OO J. Totals 4o 19 28 99 
Atlanta 
18 28 t i 21-94 
Cleveland 
T9 22 J I i f — i f 

F o u le d out —H ill. B S m ith , B r o w n 
T o ta l touts —Atlanta 32. Cleveland 25 T efh m to l—Atlanta 
Cooch Hubie Brown A — 12.344 

 over Chicago to 12 game in the race for the playoffs. 

KANSAS C ITY (97): Robm/ine A 4 A I A. W/edmon A 
J J 14. Lacey 3 (FO A. Barr 3 3 5 9, Boone IO A 2 7A. 
E ak ins 113 3. H a n s e n o 2 3 2. O J o h n s o n 1 7 4 4. 
M<Cotter 3oo A Washington 5 17 11 totals i i 71 JO 

HOUSTON (1o7) Malone 3 7 9 13. Tomtanovich ll 
I 2 7 24. Kunnert 9 5 7 73, lo c o s 4 oo 8. Ourphv A IO I? 
77, J Johnson 4 3 4 ll. tones o 7 7 J, Newlin I J J 4. 
Rotlefl o (FO o. White o o o o Totals 38 31 38 
Kansas City 
2* 7* 2o 2S- 97 

Houston 
32 2o 29 24-1o7 
Total fouls—Konsos City 2A. Houston 25 Fouled out— Roblnrlne A —12.52A 
Bucks roar 

M ILW A U K E E (A P ) - Reserve Fred 
Carter exploded fur 19 points in the second quarter Saturday as the M il­ waukee Bucks, never trailing, beat the 
Detroit Pistons 128-1o8 in the National 
Basketball Association 
The Bucks, in their 12th victory out of the last 13 homtTourt rallies, led by 
21 points in th** third quarter and never allowed Detroit to get within 14 after that. 
Milwaukee rolled to a 37-18 first- quarter lead, carried by a burst of 18 unanswered points. Carter then re­ placed starter Brian W inters and sparked Milwaukee to a 8o-4o lead 
He finished with 27 points, and center Swell Noter added 18 
Detroit trailed 88-51 at halftime 
Al Flier ha rd scored Hi of hts 24 points in the second half as the Pistons made a futile effort to tame the Bucks. who have a 27 49 record over-all and 
22-15 on their home court. 
IJH leads 

AUSTIN (A P ) — Houston fired a two-over-par team total of 29o Saturday to cling to a one stroke lead over defending champion Oklahoma State after two rounds of the Morris W il­ liams Intercollegiate golf tournament. 
Soccer clash nears 
LONDON 
(A P ) 
- 
English League soccer was slim Saturday as 
English and 
Welsh players joined their in ternational teams prepare for next W ed­ nesday’s 
World 
Cup qualifying games. 
Newcastle showed it isn't out of the race yet, however, with a I O win over Middlesborough 

Maybe the Spurs should play their games in combat boots with backpacks strapped to their jerseys. It has become obvious the Spurs do some of their best work under the most difficult circumstances. 

Take last week. when the Spurs won two of six games in seven days in five cities and three time zones. They lost the first three games — including two that were nearly tucked away in the W column — when battle fatigue and jet lag were not yet pertinent concerns. 
Then, playing three of tin* four best teams in tile NBA, they relocated their poise, beating the Nuggets, the leagues second-best home team, at 
Denver, then came home to control the boards and boat Houston, one of the league's hest rebounding teams. A strong effort in the loss lo Philadelphia did nothing to change that feeling. 
What we have here is your basically enigmatic team. lf the Spurs are to become destiny’s children, the Phoenix Suns of 1977. they will likely look back on the Nug­ get victory as the pivotal game of the season 
" I was kind of depressed after the 
Boston game,” says Spurs Coach Doug 
Moe. “ But, I think beating the Nuggets in Denver tells you something about the nature of this team. It won't quit. 
"Before I came here from Denver, I didn't really know that to be the ease. 
And if we had lost to Denver, that would’ve been four straight losses with games coming up against Houston, 
Philadelphia and Kansas City, which is fighting for a playoff berth. We might’ve had six or more losses in a row 
" I think when we play well, we're capable of heating anyone over a se­ ven-game series. We have a chance to win the whole thing, it s that real.” 
" I hope the Spurs do well in the playoffs." says Chilly All-Star guard 
Dong Collins. “ They are the most un­ derrated team in the N BA.” 
“ I can't believe how hard they worked,” said Julius Erving after the narrow Sixer victory . 
Give the Spurs a layoff, and their concentration has a tendency lo wander, (five them a killer schedule, and they become mean and nasty. Or so it seems 

N otes and quotes 

Sixer Coach Gene Shue’s attempt to gag his players is going to receive stiff op|K)sition if lie ever tries to carry it out. Shue says he will fine his players 
$5oo for public comments 
“ detrimental” to the Sixers. A second offender will be fined $1ooo 
But NBA General Counsel Larry 
Fleisher will have none of that. “ In the area of freedom of speech,’' says 
Fleisher. “ an individual s rights transcend a coach's powers. You don't turn rights of human beings to the coach of a basketball team. 
“ It's ('specially important to the 
Players Association because of the power coaches and general managers have to talk about players to say this guy or that guy doesn’t have any talent If you make it a one-way street, you make it even worse.” 
How presumptous of Shoe to try and take away a basic freedom of an 
American, whether he is a basketball player or a common laborer. And, pragmatically speaking, a $5oo fine to any 
78er is mere pocket change considering the club's payroll. 
After seeing Darryl Dawkins domin­ ate the middle against the Spurs, one has to wonder why hi* sits on the bench behind Caldwell Jones and Harvey 
Catching!}. 
"He is awesome," says teammate 
Collins. 
“ He looked,” said 
Chilly guard Lloyd Free after the Spur game, 
“ like a superstar . tonight.” .... 
The Denver Nuggets may well have traded in their chance for a cham­ pionship when they traded Ralph 
Simpson to Detroit in the three-way deal which brought forward Paul Silas to the Mile High City. 
Silas has yet to fit iii the Nuggets' style, and Simpson’s offensive contri­ bution is obviously missed 
Meanwhile. Simpson lingers unhappily on the Piston bench... 
The Spurs have already won eight season series, tied four, and lost three 
They lead three and trail three in the series still undecided. 
San Antonio has wrapp'd up season wins against Buffalo (4-o), the Nets 
Knicks, New Orleans, Seattle, Phoenix 
(3-1) and Denver and Detroit (both 
2-1). Series with Cleveland, Houston, 
Portland and Indiana have ended up in 
2-2 ties. They have dropped series to 
Chicago (1-3), Atlanta and Boston 
(bot Ii o-3). 
Gottfried aims at Borg today 

CARLSBAD, Calif. (AP) — Bjorn Borg and Brian Gottfried, the 
No. I and No. 3 seeds in the $1(1o,(MHI La Costa International Tennis 
( lassies, meet Sunday in one of two tournament semifinal matches. 

 to 

The confrontation was produced Sa­ turday when Borg, the 2o-year-old 
Swede, disposed of 31-year-old Tom 
Gorman of Seattle, 7-8. 9*7. 7-5. Gott­ fried, of Fort lauderdale, Fla., turned back Trey VValtke of Los Angeles, 7-6, 
7-2, 8-4 
Sunday’s other sem ifinal match pairs Marty Riessen of Amelia Island. 
Fla., with Hank Pfister of Bakersfield. 
Calif. Both won quarter-final matches 
Friday. 
Saturday’s action took place before a crowd of 5.238 under sunny skies, in sharp contrast to the two previous days, when rain delays forced tourna­ ment officials to move the finals to 
Monday night 
Borg had a tough time of it with 
Gorman, who credits improved play to 
"taking care of his hack," injured six years ago. 
After each held service through the first eight games of the first set, Gor­ man and Borg exchanged breaks i i i the next two games. 
The set went to 8-8 with the decider coming when Gorman couldn't handle a Borg serve. 

Palmer leads 

RANCHO SANTA F E , Calif. (A P ) - 
Sandra Palmer, one of the most con­ sistent players on the Ladies Profes­ sional Golf Association circuit, shot her second consecutive 88 Saturday to take a three-stroke lead rn the $15o,ooo 
Kathryn Crosby tournament. 
Miss Palmer, playing on a taped-up sprained ankle, moved to 2o7 — nine under par for the tournament. Hollis 
Stacy, who began the third round two strokes back of Miss Palmer, had a 7o over the 8,231-yard Whispering Palms course*. 
Ja n Stephenson, the first-round leader, stayed within striking distance for Sunday’s final round with a 73 for a three-round of 213. 
1-shot lead 

SINGAPORE (AP) - Hsu Cht-San of 
Taiwan fired a two-under-par 89 to take a one-stroke lead over Mya Aye of 
Burma after Saturday’s third round of the Singapore Open Golf Champion­ ship at the Bukit course. 

Giiim 
SERVICE WHILE YOU WAITI 
N O APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 
M AJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 

23oo BROADW AY GILLESPIE FORD 
ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTIED 
227-1411 

Title for 
King 

 fontinurd from Page IS 

King in the first game of the match 
She held serve to take a 2-o lead and was up 3-1 when she slipped. 
Hamm, who was number six seed at the tourney, missed numerous fore­ hands for the remainder of the set as 
King took the next five games to win the first set King, varying her shots, managed a few backhand volleys in the v t. 
Then. Hamm raced into a 5-o advan­ tage in the Stroud set. She served bet­ ter in the set and slapper! a few crisp passing shots by a stunned King, who was as animated as ever on the court 
Saturday. 
Backhand 
“ I was having trouble with my backhand because I was not stepping into it. favoring my knee.*’ King said, re s tin g an ice |>ack on the right knee afterwards. “ But I knew if I was going to get into the match. I had to put pressure on the knee. 
“ She (H am m ) really loves those passing shots. I had never played her before and I did not know what to ex­ pect She is really tough. She would not roll over and play dead for me." 
However, as the third set began. 
King took on a serious face. And she slapped each shot with authority, hit­ ting out on the ball as she likes. 
King broke Hamm in the second, fourth and sixth games of the third set to take a 5-1 lead. In that sixth game, 
Hamm missed on six first serves and double-faulted once. 
“ I inst wanted to take o ik * point at a time." Hamm said. " I sure wasn’t go­ ing to give up, though.” 
Broke serve 
And she did not Sin* broke King in tlw seventh game and saved two set points in the eighth game. But King won tin* match in the ninth game of the third set on four straight points, in­ cluding aces on the last two 
King, as is her style, baited a few linesmen during the match 
" I know they make mistakes. They are only human.” King said “ But I always lose my temper. I am thankful that they put up with me. Someone yelled once that I got two bad calls, but I told them I also hit two bad backhands." 
King, playing a varied game. used dropshots to bring ba­ seliner Hamm up front. 
“ She is younger.” King laughed. 
"She should do the running.” 
King moves to South Carolina this week to play in the Fam ily Circle Cup 
Tourmament She said she will go to 
\\ imbb'don to play doubles, but would not commit herself to singles. 
"When I last won there (1975), I said 
I would never play there again,” she said. referring to her last singles title. 
“ Bul I have a right to change my mind I love it there. I would put a tent 

 iii the stadium to sleep there if I could. 
Kansas tough 

DALLAS (A B ) — Kansas dominated the field events and sloshed to victory in the 44o-yard relay and Texas-El 
Basil Olympian Batrick Adaba lost a gamble in the pole vault to give the 
J ay hawks the team victory at the rain-soaked Dallas Invitational Track 
M *rt Saturday . 
J A V E L I N — I 
P h il OI sen, I w i w v w , 2J9 o 
7 
P o r k y L y o n * . 
Tt'»o*>. J U 4 
J 
M ik e S to n c litt, kQtfaOk. ? I 6 J 
4 
B ria n Toad. K q n v o *. J U 9 
S 
Joint-, Gibson 
A A M . 212 i 6 
M ik e M o t be. n o n 
VO-, 
19/4 A l K n q v*. S M U . 116 4 f R iP L fc J U M P - I 
Je ro m e M utctnn*. U T E R . 
U l t 
N e * P e t Ord. O ld R e co rd . 49 8 ! . bv P o o l 
Jordon Tennessee. 19/6 2 A rnold G rim e s . U T E P . i ? 
J 
Jo e L o n iy a n . U T E P . VO l l 1. 
4 
M o ses 
D tunis. U T E P . 4 9 / 
S 
Jo y R e a rd o n . K a n s a s , 
491 . 6 M ike WW lip. K an sas. 4/ IO 1 * 
6 M IC E 
— I 
K ip S irm a . U T E P , 28 J I SI 
2 
G eorge W afts. Tennessee. 28 44 oo 
J. Ju a n G a r ­ c ia , U T E P . 28 48 82 
4, M o r t ie io n n e n t e ld t . 
Tennessee. 29 o2 21 
S' G e o rg e M aso n . K a n s a s . 
29 41 12 6. B in A dam s, B a y lo r. 29 S8 28 
44o R E C A V - I 
K o n s o v K e v in N ew ell. D a v id 
O loicher Clifford W ile y, Anthony C o lem an 41 2S 2 
Tennessee. 41 2/ J Tends 41 BO 4 
B o y lor, 42 SO 
M IL E R U N — I 
Po o l C roig . Tenos, 4 o6 29 
2 
W ilson W a io e a . U T E P . 4 o6 VV 
J 
M a rk M aso n, 
Tenos. 4 IO I/ 4 D avid Coup 
Tennessee. 4 IO SS 
*i blan Vernon. O klaho m a, r IO /I 6 Jo h n W rig h t, 
Tennessee 4 l l { l 
H IG H JU M P - I S teve Ram boH . K A N .o*. 6 l l 
I Bin W irtitierly. B a y lo r. 6 11 
J 
Jo y R E A R D O N . 
Kansas, and Bob Eeith. Tenas. 6 9 i Rod H a r v e y , 
Tens. 6 9 6 
Jo h n n y Jo n es. Tenos. T e rry D oyen pore Tenos. and K e vm D e iorey. S a v io r . 6 9 
SH O T 
P U T 
- 
I 
Jim P o d r e b a r o t . K a n s a s . 
S6 / , fra n k W est. a a m . S A S 1. 
J S vem W olvifc 
U T E P . S2 9 
4 
R a n d y S c o tt. A A M , l l I • 
S 
R ich a rd Po ster. K an sas. SI I ’ t 6 D oog R o th eo rt, 
Kansas. SI ll 
„ 
. 
22o — I W illiam Snoddy. O klcnooo. 21 SS 2 COW 
Doty* S M U . 21 81 
J k e y in N ew ell, K o n sas. 21 82 
4 
Jo h n G a rris o n 
O k lah o m a. 22 JA i 
.O ve rto n 
Spent*'. Tenas. 22 4J 
C O N G JU M P — I. M ik e P le a s a n t, O k lah o m a, 
24 6 , 
2 Pout Jo rd o n . Tennessee. 24 J * 
J Ston lev Holm es. Tennessee. 2J IO • 
' J l o t R e ard o n . k a n s a s . J I I < s 
Jo e C an iy o n 
U T E R , 2 J / 
6 
M ik e W ilk. K an sas. 22 2' J 
I M IC E — I Ja m e s M o nyolo U T E P . I i 44 64 2 
P o l O a v e v T e n n e s s e e . I i SO 64 
J 
S o l V e g a . 
Tennessee, l l SB SS 
4 
Je s s e O ald ono d o. Tenos. 
TS SB 
S Tony 2umgu. U T E R 
14 OI 61 
J 
P O C t V A U E T - i> Je rid a n Strong. A A M . IS 9 
2 M a r t H erns, Tenas. 14 6 J Ted Sco les, K o n so s. 
14 6 
M IC E 
R L C A V 
- 
I 
O k la h o m a . D v r k D a h l. 
B o b b y A r n o ld 
D a r y le S te e le 
R a n d y W ils o n . 
J I/ IO 
7 
BuvlO* 
J •/ 19 
J 
K o nsos. J I / 29 
4 
U T E P . J 22 46 
P IN A L S T A N D IN G S - I 
K a n s a s 
IoS p oints. 2 
U T E R 9S, 
J 
Tennessee /9, 4 
O k lah o m a It. 
S 
Tenos /I I i. 6. A A M S2. / B a y lo r 49 I J . I S M U 
13. 

 tv, 
NO. I, UNC fans shout 

AP WIREPHOTOS 

 f 

WINNING SHOT for Warriors 
Warriors, 
NC win 

Smith admits error 

ATLANTA (A P ) - Coach Dean 
Smith of fifth-ranked North Carolina was fortunate Saturday. 
If his Tar Heels had lost to Nevada- 
Las Vegas in the semifinal round of the 
NCAA Basketball Tournament, he would have had only himself to blame. 
. 
“ I messed up this afternoon,” Smith said after his Atlantic Coast Confer­ ence champions edged the fourth- ranked run-and-gun Rebels 84-83 in the nightcap of a nationally televised semifinal doubleheader. 
The Tar Heels meet Marquette for the national championship Monday n Eht. Marquette nipped North Ca- rolina-Charlotte 51-49 in the opener 
"W e didn't play well in the first half and it was my fault," admitted Smith. 
" I harped on the fact thai we had to Im* patient, and it hurt us. We were too hesitant and threw I he ball aw ay rn ways we usually do not do. 
“ In fact. I thought we were in pretty good shape being down only six <49-43) at the half. We had not been playing well, but we were close and we knew they weren't going to use a delay game." 
At halftime. Smith made two minor adjustments. Ile told the players to get hack quicker on defense to cut off 
Nevada’s fast break and also told them to go back to their regular offense. 
North Carolina reeked off Kl straight points early in the second half for a 
59-55 lead and never trailed, although the Rebels did get within one point on several occasions 
The Tar Ht*els, 28-5, will be making their third appearance in the cham­ pionship contest. They won a three- over-time thriller against Kansas in 
1957 and lost to UCLA rn 1988. 
Freshman Mike o ‘Koren led Ca­ rolina with 31 points on 14-of-19 shoot­ ing, mostly on backdoor traps out of the four-corners offense. Walter Davis, his broken right index finger taped, had 19 points and All-American guard 
I* Iii Ford, who said his right elbow gave him no trouble, added 12. 
"Against Marquette, we are going to go from the runningest team in the ciTuntry to one of the best ball-control teams," said Smith “ We will try to spt****! them up, but that will be hard to do. FII predict a game rn the 5os or 
8os." 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— 
Sunday M arch 27 1 9 77 

McGuire elated 

ATLANTA (AP) — Marquette Coach Al 
McGuire, a man of many moods and twice as many words, w as barely speechless after his seventh-ranked Warriors gained a 51-49 victory at the buzzer Saturday over 
17th-rated North Carolina-Charlotte in the 
NCAA basketball semifinals. 

The Warriors moved into Monday night’s cham­ pionship contest on a Jerome Whitehead layin in the final second, enabling McGuire to end his 2o years of collegiate coaching Ii Miking for his 4o3rd victory and his most important one. 
At first, McGuire was reluctant to talk about the winning play, on which Butch Lee threw a long pass to the foul iine where Maxwell. Bo Ellis and VVhF tedhead jump'd for it. Whitehead came down with it and dropped in his winning basket. 

" I prefer not to describe it,” said McGuire. “ I don’t know how Jerome did it. Everything happened so fast at a time like that. How can you descirbe it?” 

Later, however, McGuire fielded the same ques­ tion and this time gave another answer. 
"It is of my opinion that the basket was good and a foul shot should have been called.” 

As for the game, McGuire said it was “ good for college basketball. We were very fortunate to win. 
I ’m happy for my guys, for Marquette, the city of 
Milwaukee and the student body. It was also eery nice for me. 
" If we had lost, that would have been it.” he said. 
“ I ’m a professional loser.” 
Marquette, held a 23-9 margin midway in the opening half hut managed only two points in the final 8:54 to lead by only 25-22 at the half. 
“ We talked about cracking during halftim e.“ explained McGuire. 
UNIRoYAL 

S.A. 

Continued from Page IS 

 its 8-tin ii-8 center to bring the ball up court. Bm even 
Cornbread Maxwell couldn’t do everything against the mistake-proof Warriors. 
“ We might have been a little tight," said Maxwell, vt bom Charlotte C oach Lee Rose calls the best all- around college basketball player in tin' country 
Both teams, in fact, wore tight at the beginning. 
The first five minutes of the opener was no mon* than a spurring match. Points were at a minimum until Marquette Knik charge behind center Jerome 
Whitehead and ran up a 23-9 lead. 4 
Al this point, the highly vocal 18.888 spectators sensed that an execuation was in progress. 

N O R T H C A R O C IN A (84): O ovis / V 6 19 O K o re a 14 J S IT, V or,ok or 
V I 4 ll, f o r d 4 4 V 12. K u **te r ? i / V / a iio y m * o o o o. K r a it ism o o I 
o. B u ck le y I OO 2. B ra d le y o OO o. W on o o o o. C o le w o rt o OO o Totois 
J J IB 78 B4 
IC V A D A C A S V E G A S ( B l ) 
O w en * / o o 14, G o n d re u c k 4 o o 8 
M otifM 6 I 7 Ii, R Sault* 4 o I B. S Sm ith IO o o 2o. T 
S a n ta 6 o 7 17. 
Theu* 4 OO B. b r o w n o OO o Total!. 41 I S B J 
H a lftim e — C os V e g a * 49, N orth C a ro lin a 43 T o o le d out - M offett 
T o ta l f o u l* — 
N o r th C a r o l i n a , l l , N e v a d a L o * V e g a - , 22 
T e ch n ica l*—G ond reiftfc A — 16.o86 

UNO C H A R C O T TE (49) 
M onsey / O O H K in g 2 o o 4. M a * w e ll ST 9 
I/, Ktach I 2 7 4 W a ilu a * 2 2 4 6. G ru b ** 2 O O 4, Scott o o o o Totol* 19 l l 14 49 
M A R Q U E T T E (ST) 
Em * 2 o o 4 N e a ry o o o o, g « h ite h e a d IO I 2 21. 
Lee S I I l l , B a v ia n 4 OO I. Toone 2 2-2 6. Ro*enbc> ger o 17 I T o tal* ii i t SI 
H alftim e 
M a rq u e tte TS, U N C C h arlo tte 22 T o o le d o u t— W a tk in * 
Total ta a l*— U N C Charlo tte 12. M arq u e tte 16 A — 16.o86 

((intinued from Page IS 

 feel real close Ut tennis. 
"Tilt* tournament turned out great,” said Pam Austin, the tour director. 
-And it cndtd up being intimate with 
King going against a local favorite. 
There was some really great tennis and great support from the crowd ” llamm. the Trinity alumnus, gamed some valuable experience in playing 
King 
“ ll was a gum! experience for me,” llam m said. “ I w asn’t awed as I thought I would Im* I ve played some good players like Chris Evert), M ar­ tina (Navratilova), awl Rosemary Ca­ sals twice. I ’m getting to the point when' I can settle down aud play my kind of game. 
" I really eed to work on my game. 
I ve got to improve on my forehand and learn to put top spin on the ball. 
Billie played well and those drop shots 
(IO out of 15 scoring) arc non-percen­ tage shots. I ll give those drop shots to her anything, today they were work­ ing I ve also got to got more first serve in 
The crowd of some 388 strong cheered tK>th combatants, but, in th** end. B JK was still the queen in their hearts and on the court. 
Bice socks 

HOUSTON (A P ) — Three quarter­ backs completed 28 of 38 passes for 3o8 yards during heavy mist in a Rice 
University spring football scrimmage 
Saturday. 
Sophomore Jeff Swab hit nine of 14 for 122 yards and two touchdowns, 
Mark Sn.vder, a junior college transfer, completed ll of 14 for 117 yards and one touchdown, and Frank ( chello hit on eght of IO for 87 yards. 
The Owls had 172 yards rushing with 
Jam** Broeren picking up 89 on 12 carries 
One of Swab s touchdown passes was a 48-v arder to Bobby Scheihing and the other was a 32-yurder lo David Houser. 
B on n elt fast 

NORTH WILKESBORO, NV C. (AP) - Ned Bun­ nell turned the tables on Cal** Yarborough Saturday 

 iii final qualifying for Sunday’s Gwyn Staley 488 
National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing event. 
The second-year driver rebounded from a last- mmute setback in Friday’s qualifying to grub the pole position. 
Bonnelt circled the five-eigths mile North Wilkes­ boro Speedway in a D«>dge with a two-day average sp**ed of 1o7 537 miles per hour. 
Yarborough, who led qualifying Friday after taking the track just one minute before the 4 p m. deadline, captured the No. 2 position in a Chevrolet with a speed of 1o7.514 ni p h. 
Darrel I Waltrip qualified third with a Chevrolet at 
1o7.419, Benny Parsons was fourth in a Chevrolet at 
1o7.321, and Buddy Baker was fifth al 1o7.298 in a 
Ford. 
Yarborough’s speed Saturday was only the fourth best of the day, 1o8.o85. 

Tires and more... car care 

Priced to Sell 
UniroYal Tiger Paw 
WHITEWALL 

 a 

:I3 r «- 

Bias ply-Polyester cord 

A78-13 
Whitewall 
Tubal* ss, plus $ 1 .7 2 
K ET and bra off your 

B H _____ 
A78-13 
$23.77 
C78-14 
$26.77 
S2.o1 
E78-14 
$27.77 
$223 
F78-14 
$3o77 
$2,17 
G78 14 
$31.77 
$2,53 
G78-15 
S32.7Z 
$2 59 
H78-15 
$34.77 
$279 

„ LZ&U... 
$36.77 
U$3LQ£_j 

, W h ite w a ll lu b u lu u b p n c u u e a c h . plus, tire o H your car 

;I? 

S a 
: 
JI 

- * 

UNIROYAL TIGER PAW 
Belted 

Two Fiberglass Belts. 
Plus two Polyester cord plies. 
Whitewall. 

Whtlu*v.)M tubules** prices each plot lire o8 your car 

UNIROYAL TIGER PAW 
Radial 

Double Steel Glass construction. 
Whitewall. 

77 
38 

AR78 13 W hitew all tubeless, plus $2 o6 f-.f.T., 
. -and tire off your car. 

I . « ! .: □ 
Q T tjW l mJ m e h r ! s>m la.. 
: 5?:77 

 r-j 
JV* !8 
V P U 
FR78 14 
! >47 77 n r% i 
QR78 IT J -39,77 vin-* 
I OR/8 t i, 
HP/8_ 15 
J ,51.77 
•S3 77 , 
. J 

__Li 
*1*1 y i n 
JK H 7 7 .[ >144 

Whiteman »ub* .-tut** price-* each. plus, Iwe ort your car 

Prices Shown Available at Arts Atlas. See Your Independent Dealer for his price. 
22E3 
Sage b ie r s 

Court & Travis 

PH. 658-5351 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 

Earl W h eeler 
Tire Service 
43o2 Broadway 
PH. 826-1572 

WEST 

Oanmales 
Tire A M a ltie r 
2623 Culvbra Road 
PH.432-8511 

LEON VALLEY 

Bradford’s Texaco 

6832 Pandora Rd. 

PH. 684-4539 

DOWNTOWN 
NORTHWEST 

Keller’s Alamo ' 
Tire Center 
6o1 No. Alamo 
PH. 225-3291 

Arts Atlas 

335o Fredericksburg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 

NORTH SIDE 
SOUTHEAST 
’ 

Meszetti 
; Tire Company 
6329 San Padro 
PH. 342-9521 

Schneider 
Tire A Bufo 
I 226o So.W.W.White Rd. 
PH. 333-93o1 

BROADWAY 
NORTHEAST 

Harold Knifer 
Tire 
8719 Broadway 
PH. 828-5747 

H o m a n n -Williams 
Tire 
171o Amrit* Hwy. et ftvenkouer 
PH. 824-2413 

DOWNTOWN j 
SOUTHWEST 

Knifer 
Tire Company 
4oo So. Floras 
; 
PH. 226-4111 

International 
A.B.M. 
I 
16o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
PH. 924-7321 
J 

) 

Pone 8-S 
♦ H 

 l i f e ! * 1 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sunday M arch 27 1977 
Sports Scoreboard 

Hockey 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 

Bowling 

W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
Philodelphio 
46 
16 
14 
1o6 
31o 
2o5 
N Y I slanders 
45 
19 
12 
1o2 
273 
18o 
Atlanta 
32 
33 ll 
75 
25o 
253 
N Y. 
R an ge rs 
28 
34 
14 
7o 
762 
293 
Sm vthe Division 
St Louts 
IO 37 
9 
69 
219 
261 
Vancouver 
74 
41 
12 
6o 
223 
287 
Chicago 
25 
4o ll 
61 
278 
281 
Minnesota 
7o 37 
18 
58 
223 
79o 
Colorado 
19 
43 
14 
52 
21o 
789 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
N o rris Division 
Montreal 
57 
8 ll r n 
365 
167 
Pittsburgh 
32 31 
13 
77 
279 
74o 
Los 
Angeles 
3o 31 
14 
74 
747 
223 
W ashington 
21 
4o 
14 
56 
2o3 
286 
Detroit 
16 
5o 
9 
41 
176 
286 
A d am s D ivision 
Buffalo i i 
27 
7 
IDI 
786 
2o6 
Boston 
45 
23 
8 
98 
793 
23o 
Toronto 
33 
3o 
13 
79 
789 
767 
Cleveland 
74 
39 
12 
6o 
226 
268 

JO H N N A B E R of USO h old s first place m e d al 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Swim marks fall 

CLEVELAND (A P) - 
Southern Calfornia’s .Joe 
Bottom churned to his third record of the meet and 
M ike 
B runer of 
Stanford addl'd another mark Saturday as the 
NCAA Division I Sw im ­ ming and Diving Cham­ pionships headed for a big finale. 

Bottom led the way in the afternoon trials of the 
1oo-yard freestyle, sw im ­ m in g th e d ista n c e in 
43.4o se c o n d s. 
T hat e c lip se d the m ark of 
43.92 set in 1975 by Jonty 
Skinner of Alabama. 

Bruner, his head sha­ ven for aerodynamic ef­ fect in the water, led the way into the finals in the 
2oo-yard butterfly with a clocking of 1:4o.2o. That broke the last NCAA re­ cord held by former In­ diana U niversity great 
Mark S p itz, 1:46.89 in 
1972. 

Southern C alifornia’s 
John Naber led qualifiers in the 2oo-yard b a ck ­ stroke and went into the finals as the favorite to w in it for th e fourth straight year. 

F rid o v s Gom e* 
W ashington I. New Y ork R a n g e rs 2 
Vancouver 4, Cleveland 4 
Buffalo 7. Colorado 7 
Sa tu rd a y's G am es 
New York Island ers 5, St Louis 2 
Philadelphia 9, Van couver 3 
Montreal 4, Detroit o 
Chicago 7. M innesota 2 
Boston 7. Toronto S 
Ailanto at Colorado 
Buffalo at Los Angeles 
Su n d a y s Gam es 
New York islan d e rs at Cleveland 
Chicago at New York R an ge rs 
Toronto at W ashington 
Pittsburgh at Baston 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
P H 
O F 
G A 
Quebec 
44 
3o 
7 
9o 
334 
279 
Cincinnati 
38 
34 
3 
79 
336 
279 
Indianapolis 
35 
34 
7 
77 
256 
78o 
New 
England 
31 
39 
6 
68 
754 
773 
Birm ingham 
79 
43 
3 
61 
263 
786 x Minnesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
W estern Division 
Houston 
46 
21 
6 
98 
796 
211 
Winnipeg 
47 
79 
2 
86 
X36 
76o 
San 
Diego 
36 
34 
4 
76 
255 
762 
Edmonton 
31 
41 
3 
65 
716 
786 
Calgary 
28 
4o 
5 
61 
717 
762 
Phoenix 
27 
43 4 
58 
258 
35o 
* franchise disbanded 
F rid ay's Gam es 
Houston 4. C a lga ry 2 
Edm onton 4. Cincinnati 3. OT 
San Diego 7, Phoenix 3 
Saturday's G am es 
Indianapolis 4. New Englan d 2 
Cincinnati 6. Quebec 4 
C algary at Son Diego 
Su n d a ys G om es 
Winnipeg at Houston 
Edm onton at New Enotond 
Indianapolis at B irm ingham 
Cincinnati at Quebec 
Phoenix at C algary 

G O O D N E IG H B O R T O U R N E Y 
At Wonder Bowl 
Team s 
G ra n d cham pion, six g o m e s with h d cp 
Bill 
Hall s Mobil, San Antonio. 62o7; L a R a ta . M exico 
City, 6188. Six g a m e scratc h : C a r r y 's Texaco. 
S A . 5287; Pe arl Beer. S A,. 5243 
T h re e gam e hdcp: Lo s Chinacos, M e xico City. 31oo 
Three- gom e scratch 
E e a m e x . M e xico City, 2661 
H igh ga m e with hdcp 
Son A ntonio T ran sp o rta tio n . 
1o82 
High gam e scratch 
L o r r y 's T exoco No. 2 
(only todies' team in lour nevi 91o. 
Individuals 
Six gam es with hdcp: E nriqu e G o rd a . M exico 
City. 1372 Six gam e s scratch 
J W Bu rk e , S.A., 
1199; M a ry Lau ghlin, S A , 1133. T h re e go m e s hep 
Bobby B urns. S A., 695 
Three gom es scratch Hoi Burton. S A , 6oS High gam e with hOcp: Focundo A rro y a Sr . M e x ico City, 
259. H igh gam e scratch: H erb M c M a h a n . S A , 247; 
Burns, 236. 

Trophies 
P earl Rotating Trophy to IO m an team went to San 
Antonio with 11.9o9 p ins (in c lu d in g h a n d ic a p s). 
M exico City had 11.672 pins and M onterrey. Mexico, with 11,4o3 
H enry B Gonzalez rotating trophy tor s ix g a m e aw ard went to Bill Hall s Mobil 
State of Texas series with handicap a w ard went to 
CMnica Vidlera. M onterrey. 1136 
Polo 
S.A. P O lO C L U B 
T h e m a tc h e s s c h e d u le d fo r 
S u n d a y at 
B ra c k e n rid g e a re p o stp o n e d b e c a u se of wet grounds. " 
Tennis 
U V A L D E T O U R N A M E N T 
Girls: 
Singles finals — T e rry Neut/e. Uvalde, del Lu Ann Cinderm an, Brocket!. 6-3. 6-4. Doubles finals — H eiser and C a r r io le s . P e a rsa ll, del 
Baldw in and G rave s, Uvalde. 6 4, 6-2. 
Bays: 
S ogles tinols — 
D avid Petty. Pearsall, del Rusty 
Sbodde. Sabinal, 6-2. 6 4 Doubles finals — R ig g s ond Vickers, Pearsall del Strickland and Stevens. 
U vald e, 6 2. 6 4 
Team R e su lts: 
G ir ls — I. 
Uvalde, 2. Pearsall. Boys - I 
P e a rso n . 2. (fie) 
Sabinal and Uvalde 
A B IL E N E IN V IT A T IO N A L 
A Division 
Team - I. M idland. 25 points; 2, 
Abilene Cooper 22, 4, Roosevelt, 12. B o y s Singles: 
D o v id Z im m e rm an . A bilene C o o p e r, del 
X a x 
King. Roosevelt. 6 3. 6 o. G irls' A Singles: V lckv 
Basicek, Midland, d e l C h ris Olson, Roosevelt. 6-3, 
61. 6 Division 
Team — I, A lam o H eights. 14; 2. 
Abilene Cooper. 13. B o y s' B Singles — Law rence 
M arkev. Alam o Heights, def. G re g Tm slev, O dessa 
Perm ian. 6-4, 6-Im 

H IA L E A H : 
5139,4oo Fla m in go Stokes - Seattle 
Slew (52.4o). Glbouiee, F o rt P re v e l. O ne a n d one eighth m iles in 1:47 25. . 
O A K L A W N : 
5139,85o F a n ta sy Sto ke s — Out 
M im s (519 4o). Sweet Alliance. M eteor D ancer 
O A K L A W N : 
Feature - O ur M im ! 
(519 2o), 
Sweet Alliance. Meteor Doncer. One and I 16 m iles in 1:45 
SA N T A A N IT A : 
565.1oo Sonta B a rb a ra H on dicap — D esire e (516.2o), Sw lngtim e, C h a rg e r's 
. Stor. One and 14 m iles In 2:o2 3/5. 

B a s e b a l l 

W LP ct. 
A M E R IC A N L E A G U E 
Baltim ore 
IO 
5 .667 
Milw aukee ll 
6 .647 
Detroit ll 
7 611 
K onsos City 
IO 
I 588 
Boston 
9 
8 529 
California 
IO 
9 526 
Cleveland 
8 
8 .5oo 
M innesota 
8 
9 471 
Toronto 
J 
9 .438 
Oakland 
I 9 .438 
Seattle 
I IO .417 
New York 
6 
9 .4oo 
Chicago 
8 13 .381 
Texas 
6 IO 375 
N A T IO N A L L E A G U E 
LOS Angeles 
IO 
5 .667 
Son Diego 
17 7 632 
Philadelphia 
IO 6 675 
Houston 
9 6 .6oo 
New York 
9 
7 . 563 
Cincinnati 
8 
8 .5oo 
Son Fra n cisco 
9 
9 5oo 
Atlanta 
8 IO 444 
Montreal 
7 
9 438 
St Louis 
6 
8 429 
Pittsburgh 
7 IO .412 
Chicago 
5 ll .313 

Shooting 

Handball 
SW T W IN S 
Results of S o t u rd o v 's d u al h a n d b a ll m atch between Southwest Texas ond the Racquetball and 
Handball Club of Son Antonio SW T won, 5-3; 
Raym ond Flores, SW T. del 
Je rrr Nicks, 14 71, 
21 12, 2) 15; M ik e Roland. SW T, def Tom Recital, 
7) 6, 21 ll; Ted Trostel. SW T, def D a v e Thom as, 
21 14, 21-16. W oody Lee. SA, del 
M ik e M cC oy, 
21 2o, 21 13 R aym on d Flores, SW T, Chico Asbedo. 
2>-15. 14 21. 116 
Dove Stringer. SA. def 
A noia, 
71 16. 3 21, l l 9, Tom C h rista i. S A . del 
N ick 
Bueche, 2) 16. 21-1o John Edgell. SW T , det. L o u is 
Zmgeri. 21 16. ll 71. I) IO,. 

S A G U N C L U B 
Results of the A lom o Open held Sa tu rd a y after­ noon 
4)o Gouge: Champion — Art Sidereas. IOO. 
41o A A 
I D o vid Mead. 98. 2. John Shinto 94 
41o A: 
I. Bob M ourer. o5; 2 Bill Tonner. 92 
41o 
B 
I Joy Brown, 94. J L a rry Fisher, 91. 41o C: 
I Ronnv Ligon, 9o. 2. Billy M artin, 89 
2o Gause: Champion — John Rohm , 98 
JO AA; 
I 
Bill Tanner. 97; 2 Bob M au re r. 96 
2o A: 
I, 
Verte Von Cleave 
98; 2. H ow ard Fey. 98. 2o 
B 
I C H A R L E S Stevens. 96. 2 Ken Stephens. 97 
2o C. 
I Billy M artin, 97, 2 G a ry G rig g s. 96 
2o 
D: 
I Edw ard DeG roat, 9o. 2 E o rl U M , 88. 
Golf 

Rugby 

SA R U G B Y C L U B 
The Son Antonio R ugb y Club recorded a forfeit victory over O dessa Saturday w hen the O desso team failed to skow up tor Its scheduled match. SA closes out its hom e regular season at 2 p m next 
Saturday against Sam Houeton State at O lm os 
Basin. 
Friday"n lair 
.X I I A b o x * * * 

P H O E N IX l f ) ) A dam s 4 GO 8. Terrell IO 2 4 77, 
Awtrev o (FO o. Sobers 5 2 2 12, W estphol 3 I I /. 
ScMgeter 2 3 6 7, Lee 2 3 4 7, D. V an A rsd o le 6 5 5 17. 
T Von A rsdole o 1-4 I, E ric k so n o o o o. Fetter 4 4 7 
17 Totals 36 21 33 93 
LOS A N G E L E S (U S ) Ford 5 58 15. R ussell 7 2 7 
16, Abdul Jabbor 13 2 7 28. Allen I 5 7 /.Chancy I 12 
3. Abernathy 1 2 4 4. Neum ann I 3 5 5. Totum 6 OO 12. 
K u p e cS o-o IO, C o m a r 6 O O 12. W a rn e r 3 o-o 6. 
Roberts o o o o. Totals 49 TO 35 118 
Phoenix 
21 l l 23 3 1 - 93 
Los Angeles 
22 14 42 JO— 111 
Foaled out— Neum ann Total fouls— Phoenix 27. 
Los Angeles 35 A— 13.5o7 

C A R P E N T E R ' S 
Results of the w eekly P r o A m 
Is l (tie) Jim 
Brotten, D o n n ie N e w m a n , Ira J o h n so n ; L.C. 
Bernie, Al Bettiev, Eddie G u e rra ; both team s hod 
46; 3rd Abel B e rta n g a . E d d ie B u rk e tt, Jo h n 
Me von. 47 
Don me New m an scored a hole in one on the 14o vord No. 9 hole with an. G iron d u rin g tournam ent play. 

U V A L O E G O LF T O U R N A M E N T 
Results of the 4th Uvalde Tournam ent: Team — 
Uvalde 62o; T M I 628. Devine 63o. Del R io 647; 
Fred ericksb urg 655, M edalist — D on Bein. U vald e 
147. Jerry Collins. Devine 148 
Individ u al scores tor Uvalde 
Bein 147; Robert W hite ISS. Law son 
W alden 158; Ja m e s Hall 16o 
S c o re s tor T M I: 
Steve V oau ed ano 148; Jim H ic k m a n ISA; Jeff 
B row n 153; Je rry Q uevero IAI. 

R IV E R S ID E 
The Riverside Golf A ssociation s S p rin g T o u r­ nam ent at Riverside GOM C ourse will be held from 
April ll M a y IS tor m em bers only E n try deadline is A pril I. 

S C R A M B L E R S G O L F C L U B 
Team Low G ro ss 
Fred M edina. A rthur Acsoto. 
Fran k Soto, Vince Quintanilla. 78 ind ivid ual Low 
G ro ss 
Alfred M edina 86 
Low Net 
Je sse Ro 
Brigue/ 1o1-3o— 71 
Hor**** Raring 

A Q U E D U C T ; 
S54,IOO B a y S h o re S to k e s - 
Corm orant (S3 4o). M edieval M an. H ey H ey J.P. 
Six furlongs in I IO 45. 
G olf results 

AU Times E S T 
Friday’s G om es 
Pittsburgh (N I 3, Detroit (A ) 2 
Philadelphia (N I 5, New Y o rk (A ) 3 
Houston ( H IS , Montreal (N I 4 
Toronto (A ) 4. M innesota (A ) 3 
Los Angeles (N I 5, Texas (A ) 4 
New Y o rk (N I 2. Boston (A ) I, ll inn ings 
Cincinnati (N I 2. M innesota (A ) I. IO Innings 
Son F ra n cisco (N I 7, O akland (A ) 6 
M ilw aukee (A) ll. Seattle (A ) 7 
Cleveland (A)7, San Diego (N I 5 
California (A) I, Chicago (N I o 
Baltim ore (A) 6, K on so s City (A ) 5 
Atlanta (N ), ll, Chicago (A ) S S IO, 13 Innings 

Saturday's G am es 
Philadelphia (N ) 7. St. Louis IN ) I 
Houston ( N I X M innesota (A ) 2 
U on sas City (A) 7, Pittsburgh (N I. SS I 
Pittsburgh (N I. SS, 7, C hicago (A ), SS. o 
Texas (A ) 12, Atlanta (N I 7 
M ontreal (N I &. Cincinnati <N ) 6 
Los A ngeles (N I 5, Toronto (N ) 5 
B o sto n (A ) 15. D etroit (A ) 3 O a k la n d (A ) 7, 
M ilw aukee (A ) 6 
Cleveland (A) 4. Seattle (A t 1 • 
Son Fran cisco (N ) IO. San D ie go (N ) 5 
Californio (A) 3. Chicago ( N IO 
Baltim ore (A ) IO, gchicogo (A ). SS. o 
New gvork (N ) 6. New Y ork (A ) o 
Sunday's G am es 
P ittsb u rg h (N ) vs. P h ila d e lp h ia ( N ) at C le a r ­ water, F lo , I 3o a rn 
Toronto (A ) vs. M ontreal (N ) at D a y to n a Beach, 
Fla . I 3o p m 
K o n so s CHV (A ) vs. Detroit (A ) at Lakeland. Fla., 
I M o m 
Boston (A ) vs. M innesota (A ) at O rlando, F la . 
1:3o p m. C h ic a g o (A ) vs. St. L o u is (N ) at St. 
Petersburg, Fla., I 3o p m 
Houston (N ) vs. Lo s Angeles ( N I at V e ro Beach, 
FIO.. 1:3o p m. 
New Y o rk (N ) vs. A tlan ta ( N I of W e st P a lm 
Beoch. FIO.. 1:3o p rn 
Texas (A ) vs Baltim ore ( A l a * M ia m i. 2 p m 
New Y o rk (A) vs. Cincinnati ( N I atTam p a. FIO., 2 pm . 
M ilw aukee (A ) vs. O akland (A ) at M esa. A ril., 3 p.m. 
C le ve lan d (A ) vs. C h ic a g o ( N I at Scottsd ale , 
Aru., 3 p.rn 
Arizona State University vs. Seattle (A ) at Tem pe. 
Aru., 3 p m 
San F ra n c isco (N I vs. San Dega. split sauod. at 
Yum a, A ril., 3 pm . 
Son Diego (N I. spilt sauod. vs. C alitornia (A ) ot 
Palm Springs. Calif. 4 p.m. 

C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
Saturday's Results 
Texas Tech 12, Colorado St I 
St M o r v 's at Southwestern, 2. ppd. rain, reset tor 1:3o p rn. Sunday 
Rice at Texas, 2. pod rain, reset tor Sunday 
Baylor of Texos A G M , ppd. rom , three gam e series reset for M onday ow l T uesd ay 
TCU at Houston, ppd ram , three-gam e series reset for M onday ond Tuesday 
A rka n sa s 4-3, S M U l l 
Citrus Tournament 
S E O k la h o m a 13. In d ia n a I ( S E O k la h o m a clinches tkom pionship) 
Lubbock Christian 9, W right St., O hio 8 
Indiana 8. Lubbock Christian 7 
Basketball 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division 
H IL T O N H E A D IS L A N D , S.C. IA P ) — Third round sc o re s Saturday m the $225,ooo Sea P ines Heritage C lassic on the *,6SG vord . par 71 
Harbour Town Golf L in k s (a — denotes a m o b e r . 
Tom W atson 
67 67 66— 2oo 
Graham M a rsh 
65 77-67 — 2o4 
Roy Floyd 
67 72 66— 7o5 
George Cadie 
7o 69 68— 7o7 
E d Sneed 
7l 6 *6 9 - 7 o 1 
Ben Crenshaw 
66 7468— 2o8 
Lvn Lott 
68 7o 71-2o9 
G ary Player 
71 7o68— 2o8 
Hale Irwin 
65-7X72— 21o 
BiU Kratrert 
71 68 7 1-21o 
Jock Ntcklous 
68 72 7 o-71o 
John Schroeder 
7 1 7 1 6 8 — 7)o 
G ary Koch 
7o 71 TO— 711 
GU M organ 
7o 77 7 o-212 
Gene Littler 
77 7G 7o-717 
Gtbbv Gilbert 
73 68 71— 212 
Curtis Strange 
72 7) 69— 712 vie Regaiodo 
77 7G 7o-212 
Billy Casper 
74 69 69— 212 
Danny E d w a rd s 
68 67 75— 717 
Rod Curl 
69 7o /4-713 
Jay H aas 
71 72 7o— 213 
Leu G raham 
72 72 69— 213 
Joe Inm an 
69 73 71-213 
Terry Diehl 
76 6 7 7o — 213 
Jim Sim ons 
74 71 69— 214 
Boa W ynn 
73 73 6 8 - 2 * 4 
Leonard Thom pson 
68 71 75— 214 
Lo rry Nelson 
72 69 74— 215 
Alan Topic 
72 68 75-215 
Jerry Pole 
68 7$ 72— 315 
Miller Barber 
71 7X71— 215 
Wally Arm strong 
75 7o 7o— 215 
David G raham 
7X 72 7o— 715 
Forrest Feller 
22 73 7o - 7)5 
Hubert Green 
7X 73 69— 215 
Loony WodkHtt 
71 7 66 8 -2 1 5 
Anay North 
7671-68— 215 
M ark Lye 
73 72-71-2)6 
B o rry Jaeckel 
75 72 6 9 -7 1 6 
Pat Fitislm on s 
71 73 7 2-216 
Jerry M cG ee 
72 66 /8— 216 
F u lly Zoeller 
72 71 73— 217 

OPEN -7 am 7pm 
MONDAY SATURDAY 
Tom Bensons 
Transmission 
Service Special 

 regular price 

$33.18 

Mr. Goodwrench Price 

Most G.M. Cars & Light Duty Trucks 

Mr. 
Goodwrench will dram and replace transmission fluids, adjust linkage, replace gasket and screen. 
OFFER EXPIRES: APRIL 15. 1977 

M a rlto n . Godley. Ed ge w ood and B ro o k s. Chur chill, IO 4 
44o Dash 
I 
Jam es. Tech 51 7 
2. R o d rig u e z 
Jefferson. 52 o; 3. Howell. Churchill, 52 2 
33o Interm ediate H u rd le s: 
' 
R a n d y C la y- 
Marshall, 41.2. 2 D o vid Haves. H olm es, 41 9; 3 
ENOS Villegas, H arlandale 42 4 
_ 
22o Dash 
I Tim m y Loath, Jefferson, 23.2. ? R 
Tucker, Edaaew ood, 23 4; 3. Steve R o d rig u e *. 
Churchill, 23.7. 
Shot Put: 
I 
E tv c h e so n . C h u rc h ill. 54 3; 2 
Guerrero. Judson, 52 * ' 
3. H eadley. M a rsh all. 
51 9 
Pole Vouit: 
I. R a n d y Tom isinl. Churchill. 116; 
2 Randy Serttitla. Judson, ll o; X Robert M cKee. 
Judson, IIT). 
High Jump 
I Gilbert Salinas. B u rb an k, 6 o; 2 
Buddy Polonia, Jefferson. 5-IO 
3. Tim Payne. 
Edgewood, 5-1o. 
Long Jump: 
I. (tie) F re d Hell. H olm es. 2o 2 s 
W illie D rew , So o th S o n , 2o 2 "i; C a r l E ld e r, 
Holm es, 2 o 2 '; 
O iscus: 
( I 
H e a d le y , M a rsh a ll. 153 IO. 2 
Phillips. Churchill, 142-3/4; 3. Stogsdiil. Holm es, 
137 5’ j. 

G IR L S 
Team Totals (based on prelim inary results); 
M acA rthur 84, H olm es 82, C hurchill 56; South Sm s 
West 27' a; Edgew ood 24 to h Son ll; Edison 2, Tech o, Burb ank o 
4* 
44o 
Relay. I 
H olm es 5o.2, 2. South San WeslRt 
52.o, 3. M acArthur 52.2. 
22o 
Dash: I. 
K a re n R u cke r, H olm e 76 o; 2 ’n 
I delta Rendon. South San, 26.4; 3. L atra l Smith. P 
Holmes. 76.5. 
44o 
D ash : I. 
(tie) M o o n e y . M e m o r ia l a n d '. 
Porter. M acA rthur, 61.5; 3. Stage!. Churchill, 63 4 ^ 

HIO Dash: 
I. (He) W allace. H olm es ond How ard. 
M orsnhll. 119; 3 R u cke r, Holm es. 17.o. 
, 
*, 
SO Hurdles: 
I 
D u n d o s, M a c A rth u r, 11.6. 7 m 
Getters. Churchill, 11.7; 3. M o o n e y, M e m o ria l.w 
11.7 . tx 
Shat Put: 
I G alvan, H olm es, 38 I; 2. Robinson. jg 
Edgewood, 36o, 3 Reed. Edgew ood, 35-1 rn 
Oiscus: 
I. Gw en W ilson, Jefferson, 1o2 " 3; 7 
V ick y Pine, Churchill, 961o; 3. B ro e ia P o rn o s . - 
Hartandale, 969 
High Jump: 
I 
G iai H evland, C hurchill, 4 IO'.* 
L 'A n n a Howard. M a c A rth u r. 4 1o; 3. (tie) Leto 
LathoAm . Churchill and L o rra in e P e rsvn . M a r shall. L IO 
Long Jump: 
I. Porter, M a c A rth u r, IG IO1-*; 2 
' 
Howard. M acA rthur, IG IO1-*; 3. G arrett. H o lm e s,’ 
15-8 V 
Triple Jump: 
I 
. V ale rie Sutton, South San,,- 
W est, 34-5'.. 2. B e v e r ly P o rte r, M a c A r t h u r .,^ 
34-1 ' 4, 3 D ebra Garrett. • H olm es. 33-7Vj. 
New records for the meet w ere established in ^ the shot put, high ium p. triple lum p, 44o reloy, 22o 4 dash, and the IOO dash in g irls com petition. 
% 

Ro-Hawk Relays 

.* 

W 
I 
Pct. 
G B 
Philadelphia 
44 
78 
.611 
— 
Boston 
38 
35 
57) 
6*/, 
New York Knicks 
33 
4o 
.45? 
MV, 
Buffalo 
TS 
45 
384 
1*51 
New York Nets 
ZI 
57 
288 
23 '3 
Central Division 
Houston 
46 
78 
.627 
— 
Washington 
43 
3o 
.589 
V>7 
San Antonio 
41 
13 
.554 
5 
C leveland 
39 
34 
.534 
* ’/» 
New Orleans 
31 
42 
425 
14' 3 
Atlanta 
79 
46 
387 
IRV* 
W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
44 
29 
.6o3 
_ 
Detroit 
41 
33 
.554 
35* 
Konsos City 
39 
35 
.527 
S*» 
Chicago 
38 
35 
.571 
6 indiana 
32 
42 
437 
129* 
Milwaukee 
27 
49 
355 
185? 
Pacific Division 
COS Angeles 
47 
77 
.635 
_ 
PoHland 
43 
32 
.573 
45/ 
Golden Stale 
41 
33 
.554 
6 
Seattle 
37 
37 
5oo 
IO 
Phoenix 
28 
45 
.384 
18' 1 
F rid a y s G am es 
Portland 131, New Y ork Nets 1o1 
W ashington 177. Boston 97 
New O rleans IOO, K a n sa s City 94, OT indiana 1o3, Ailanto 95 
Philadelphia IU . San Antonie 118 
Chicago 1o5, New Y ork K n ick s 87 
Detroit 1o7. Golden State 94 
M ilw aukee 112, Denver I M 
L o s Angeles 1)8. Phoenix 93 
Saturday's G am es 
W ashington 98. New Y o rk K n ic k s 92 
Cleveland 99. Attonto 94 
Houston 1o7, K a n sa s 97 
M ilw aukee 128 Detroit tot 
Lo s Angeles 1o9 Phoenix 1o7 
SuiM laVs G am es 
New Y ork Nets at Boston 
Portland at Philadelphia 
New York K nicks at W ashington 
New O rleans of Indiana 
Kansas City At San Antonio 
Golden Stole at Denver 
Houston at Detroit 
Cleveland at Chicago 
Buffalo at Las Angeles 
Phoenix at Seattle 

COLLEGE BASKETBALL 

N C A A Division I 
Sem ifinals 
North Carolina 84, N evodo L o s V e g a s 83 
M arquette SI, North Coroltna-Chariotie 49 
(MAW 
Champion shu» 
Delta Si 68. LSU 55 
Track 

SO UTH SA N R E L A Y S 
E O Y S 
Team Totals (based on prelim inary results): 
Churchill 76; Jefferson 56. Ed ge w ood 48 ‘ i. M a r s hoi! 
47; 
Judson 35; 
H olm es >!'/*( 
Tech 
23; 
M acA rthur l l 1 i; 
South 
San 
IS, 
B u rb a n k 
IO. 
Hartondale 9; Edison 5; E a st C entral o; M e m o rial 
8. 
448 Relay 
I Edgew ood 44 2; 2 J eft yr son 44.3, 
J Churchill 44.5 
IM High Hurdles 
I. R a n d y Clay. M a rsh a ll, 
14 5. 2 
Lance Cont, M a c A rth u r, 15 5, 3. M o rk 
Mitchell. Edgewood. 15-8 
188 Dash 
I (He) Tim m y Learn 
Jefferson and 
Sieve Rodrigue*. Churchill, 1o.J, X. (ti#) Batem an. 

At R o Mowk Stadium 
G IR L S D IV IS IO N 
Im am Results — St G e ra rd 's 114’ a H a y s Con ,* validated 1o2, Hondo 921 i, B an d e ra 87, Cuero 76.et 
Randolph 31' 3, H ealy M u rp h y 3. 
*t 
Shot Put — 
I G loria M cCullough, St G e r a r d 's * 
3o o; 2. M o ry Joh nson, C u e ro 2o 3'/?. 3 
C a t h y * 
Schueting, Hondo 2G3Vj. 
*s 
Discus — 
I 
M a ry K a lk a 
B a n d e ra SG7*.T 2 * * 
Anno Courtney. Randolph 72 ll; 3 M ichcM e P o p e * 
Hondo 67 IO'-J. 
* 
High Jum p — 
I 
L a u ra Egenolt, H a y s 4 IO; 7 m 
Cindy M addox. SI. G e ra rd 's 4-8; 3. C ind y N o ll® 
Hondo 4 6 
* 
Long Jump — 
I. N a n c y Lange. H ondo 1X7; 
Kalkd. Bandera 15-2; 3. T e rry Neuth. St. G e r o r d 'v , 
IG I 
Triple Jum p — 
I 
S y honey C a va so s, St. Ge-j* ford s 32 4; 7 Robin W illiam s. B a n d e ra 31 5Vt; 3,% 
(tie) Kalka. B and era and Neuth, St. G e ra rd 's 31 -34M 

44o Relay - I. C u e ro 53.5; 2. St G e ra rd 's 53.5 S t 
1 Hondo 53 J. sh 
88o Dash — I R o x a n n a Riddle. C u e ro 2:43.1; 2 1 
Debbie Craft, H ays. 2:45.8; 3 D ee Ridden. H o n d a * 
2 48 7. 
'A 
44o Dash — 
I. M a ria n n e PUS, H o y s I o5.o; 2 
Porn Grant. C u e ro 1:o6.3; X K a th y A n d e rso n / ”* 
Randolph 1:o7.o. 
22o Dash — 
I. D e n ise R ichardson. St. G e r o r d 's ’ 
28 5; 2. G ail L o m b o c h e r, H a y s 29.2. 3. C e lin e , 
Thompson. St. G e ra rd 's 29 5. 
•o Hurdles — I C h e ryl White. St G e ro rd 'S 114. 
Suson Reidner, B a n d e ra 11.8; D e lore s C isn e ro s.* 
H a ys 11.9 
88o Remy — 
I. H ondo 1:53.4. 2. H a y s 1:53.7; 2., 
Bandera 1:56.4. 
IOO D ash — 
I. C o vosos, St. G e ra rd s 12.2; 2.x' 
V ick y Grant, C u e ro 12.2., 3. M e liss a M ye r. SI 
G e ra rd 's 12.X 
Mile Run — 
I B a rb a ra Welch, B a n d e ra 6.o7.9;/ 
2 
Donna W ine. H a y s 6.29.o, 3 
Egenolt. H a y s i' 
6.32.6 
Rf 
Mite Reloy — I H a y s 4 22 o; 2. H ondo 4 28.o ; 3. ' 
Cuero 4:36.3. 
R O Y S D IV IS IO N 
Team Results — 
C uero 154, C entral C a th o lic * 
147, Randolph 76, H a y s 61. Hondo 27. St G erard y ' 
14, Antonian 13, B a n d e ra 2. 
. 4 
She! Put — T. Joseph Cam pbell. C u e ro 46 8; 2g, 
R ovce F lo re s, C e n tra l C a th o lic 44 3; 3. Steve.-. 
Tar Hilton, Central Catholic 42 IP 
Discus — 
I. Cam pbell. Cuero 147 IO, 2 Groff#* 
Hondo 117 o; 3. Steve Petolito, Randolph 113 6 to 
Long Ju m p — I Bonnie H arper. Randolph 7o-1; Tx* 
(tie) Chuck Ables, H a y s ond Steve B row n. H o y t * 
2o o rn 
H igh Jump — 
1 
A b les. H a y s G IO ; X W inton#* 
Bor hat. Central Catholic 5-8 (fewer m isse s); C o rso n * 
Williams, Cuero G 8 
Pele Voulf — 
I. L y n n Greco, A ntonian IGO; 7® 
Joh n Q uinlan. C e n tra l C a th o lic 9 6 (tie ), s ie v e * 
Jensen. Randolph 9 6 
44o Relay — I. C u e ro 43.3; C entral Catholic 44 8 ^ 
X Randolph 44.9, 
S M Dash — 
I. Robert M oore, C entral Cotholi%,i 
7:o1 2; 2. R u b e n A tk in s o n . R a n d o lp h 2 :o 1 .4 jfc 
3.Michael Shepard. C uero 2:o4.7. 
12o H urdle s — 
I. F ra n k J a rz o m b e k , C e n tra ls 
C a th o lic 14 8 , 2 B r o w n , H a y s 15 3, 3 A r t h a * 
Robinson, Cuero 15.4, 
Mi 
IOO Dash - 1. Anthony W hittington, Cuero 9 9 . 7** 
C larence Strait, C u e ro 9 9 .; 3 A lb e rt M ascoio'.- 
Randoiph 1o.1. 
44o Dash — 
I. Kenneth jackson. Cuero 5o 7, 2 * 
D arren Prader, C uero 53.o, 3 B 
K 
W illiam s. St® 
G erord'S 53,3. 
JIO Hurdles — 
I Robinson, C uero 4! o, 2 JohijC 
Chave/, Centro! Catholic 41.6; 3. B ill H a se w in kle ^ 
Central Catholic 42 o 
2 M Dash — 
I Strait, C u e ro 73.7. W h ittin g to n - 
Cuero 23 5; Mascoto, Randolph 23 8. 
Mile Run — I Bert Quintanilla. Central C am alig * 
4 35.6. 7 M o rk Ram ire/, Central Cothohc 4 47 J. 
H erm an Ibarra. C uero 4 5o 7. 
* 
Mile Relay — I C uero 3 32 2, 2 Central Catholic# 
3 36.9; 3 Randolph J 37.7 
Trinity champs 

Sn C lA l TO THI L i m SS N I WS 

DALLAS — Trinity blitzed Texas, 
4-o, Saturday night to capture the championship of the SMU Women’ten- 

11 is Tournament. 
The Tigers sewed up the verdict by winning all four singles matches q clinch the crown without playing the doubles. The championship match was. m oved in sid e to th e , B rookhaven 
Country ( 1ut> tjocause of rain. r • 
T R IN IT Y 4. S M U I 
Singles 
Sandy Sla p det W endv Hilt. 6 1. 6 3 
C a rn e Flem ing def 
K im Stein#!/, t 7. 6 1 
Sloe v 
Bow m an det. C m dv Ben/on. 6 4, 7 5. Anne B ro yle s.' 
SM U . del. Ann Schroeder. 6-3, 6 7 
Doubles: 
Stop and Flem ing, Trinity, del Ben ton and Broyles, 6 7. 5 7. 6 7 
T R IN IT Y 4, T E X A S o 
Singles 
Sandy Slap. Trinity, del Susie Sm ith, 
6 I, 7 6 C arrie Flem ing. Trinity, def Joonn K u r i, 
6 o 
7 6 
Stacy B o w m a n , Trinity, det. N e rris sa 
Riley. 67. 7 6 A n n Schroeder, Trinity, det V ick i 
Robinn.6 2. GO. 
Coach moves 
WICHITA FALLS (A P ) - Jerry 
Stone, 35-year-old assistant basketball coach at M idwestern State University, has resigned to becom e head basket­ ball coach at Midland College, 
The announcement was made Satur­ day by Dr. John G. Barker, MSU president, and Dr. Gerald Stockton, head basketball coach and athletic director. 

66 You get the best life insurance rates when you’re young. The sooner you start, the better the bargain. 

M 
Let’s talk bargains. Person to person. 

341-3311 

R ic h a r d J o h n s o n 
S u it e I S I O , F ro s t R a n k T o w e r 
P h o n e 2 2 5 6 2 8 1 a 

Southwestern Lif e 
JJeifZuUf people - peiio*t to pe4Um 
LOOP 4 IO AT SAN PEDRO 

SALE 
PRICE 
PEB TIRE 

No trade 
I n e e d e d . 
W hitewall 
Size 

AR7 8 - 1 3 \ 

"b b 

' d R 7 8 - 1 4 _ _ \ 
FB78-1^i 
GB78rl5__] 
^ 7 8 - 1 4 J 

I GR78-15 _ 

PHR78-15 

I ih B.e .ddWlon.1 

^ e d New C 
Wiifewo/ls 

AP ri! 2nd 

JR78-15 
CRT*-14 

C o n f 5oo Lh For Thrifty 
Low M oo* On Goodyear Tiros 

Wild Card 

DEAL 

Four of a kind 

'Power Guide' 

PotyesterCord Whitewalls 

878-13 pius $1.82 F.E.T. pee tire and old tires 

WHITEWALL 
SIZE 

OUR 
PRICE 
Set of 
4 lire* 

Plu* F.E.T. per tire and old Urea 

F78-14 
4 tor $1o2 
$2.37 
G78-14 
4 for $1o8 
$2.53 
H78-14 
4 for $112 
$2.73 
G78-15 
4 for $1o8 
$2.59 
H78-15 
4 for $112 
$2.79 

SALE... 
METRIC RADIALS 
Steel-Betted'G8oo-fS'RodtaR fora winning hand behind the wheel! 

155SR-I3 Blackwall pius 
$1.67 F.E.T. No trade needed 

Blackwall 
Six# 
V'SALE 
PRICE 
Plu* E E T. 
No trade 
Headed 

165SR-13 
$34.2o 
$1 81 
175SR-13 
$4o.45 
$1.95 
185SR-13 
$43.oo 
$2.16 r 1«5SR-14 
$41 6o 
$1 89 
1/V.H 14 
$42.4o 
$2.o9 
_ 185SR-14 
$44 OO 
$2 31 
155SR-15 
$38 2o 
$1 82 
16SSR-15 
$44.oo 
$2o3 

RAIN CHECK — lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 
Flush 

Lube & Oil Change 
$488 

Up to 6 qts. of major brand 1o/3o grade oil. 

• Complete chassis lubrication and oil change • Helps en­ sure long wearing parts and smooth, quiet performance • 
Please phone for ap­ pointment • Includes light trucks 

Ask for our Free 
Battery Power Check 

Straight 

Front-End Alignment 

H I 
H 
I s 
U.S. made cars - 
^ 
I parts extra if needed 
I V Excludes front-wheel drive cars 

• Complete analysis and alignment cor­ rection—to increase tire mileage and im­ prove steering • Pre­ cision equipment, used by experienced mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 

Full House 

Engine Tune-Up 
*36M 

ocyt. 
Add M for 8 cyl. 
$2 for air cond. 

• Our mechanics electronically fine­ tune your engine • 
New points, plugs and condenser e Test charging/starting systems, adjust car- b u r e t o r • Helps maintain a smooth running engine • In­ cludes Datsun, Toy­ ota, VW and light trucks 

~ 
„ 
SERVICE OFFERS ABOVE AVAILABLE ONLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES. 
JUSt SOV C h a rg e st! 
• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer Credit Plan”* Master Charge • BankAmericard • American Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 
G O O D Y E A R 

Sa# Your Indopondonl Doalar For HI* Prlea. Prlooa As Shown At Goodyear Service Storsa In All Communlttos Sarvod By This Newspaper. 

GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES Open M on., W ed ., Thurs., Fri. 8 to 5 :3 o Tues., 9 to 5:3o Sat. 8 to 5 

D O W NTO W N 
8 1 6 S. St. M a r y ’* 
2 2 2 -1 3 7 3 

NORTHEAST 
1 3 1 8 Austin H ig h w ay 
8 2 4 -o 2 o 8 

NORTH STAR 
2 2 6 Rector 3 4 4 -9 7 8 6 
(Across fro m N . St. M a ll) 

NORTH 
4 7 o 3 San Pedro 
8 2 4 -2 3 7 1 

D O W N TO W N 
4o1 N . A lam o 
2 2 7 -7 3 8 1 

PERRIN PLAZA 
1 1 4 7 9 P errin-B eitel Rd. 
6 5 6 -3 1 I I 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
6 2 5 -2 3 2 3 
KERRVILLE I 
2 5 7 -8 4 8 4 

NORTHWEST 
3 5 6 6 F rad ib g . Rd. 
7 3 S -6 1 41 

WEST 
1811 W a tt C om m erce 
2 2 5 -7 6 7 7 

SOUTH 
3131 S .W . M ilita ry 
9 2 3 -4 5 6 3 

SOUTHEAST 
I 3 4 6 Fair 
5 3 4 -5 4 6 8 

EAST 
3 o 3 o East C om m erce 
2 2 5 -7 2 6 6 

NORTHWEST 
1 4 9 8 Hillcrest 
4 3 4 -3 1 o 6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
9 9 7 -7 5 5 6 
SEGUIN 
I 
3 7 9 -2 2 8 o J 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
:BAUMAN TIRE 
ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, INC. 

D evine, Texas 
23o 1 Cincinnati 
119 W . O a k la w n H w y. 9 7 W est 
8 2 9 P at B ooker Road f 
6 6 3 -5 7 o 6 
7 3 5 -5 2 5 1 
Pleasanton, Texas 5 6 9 -3 4 8 4 
Universal City, Tx. 6 5 8 -4 7 7 1 

Astros trade 
HOUSTON (A P ) - The Houston 
Astros traded starting second basem an 
Hob Andrews and a player to be named later to San Francisco iii exchange for 
Willie Craw ford and Rob S perring, 
Astros general m a n a g e r Tai Smith announced Saturday. 
Andrews, the Astros starte r at the end of last season, apparently lost his job to rookie .lulio G o n zale z t h i s spring. 
Crawford. 3o, hit .3o4 with St. Louis 
I brough 12o gam es last season before b e in g tr a d e d to S an F r a n c i s c o . 
( raw ford likely will fill in for the injured Astro eenterfielder C esar Ce- deno. who is recovering from a finger operation. 
Sperring. 2o. hit .238 in AAA baseball last year and played the final 43 gam es with the Cubs hitting .258. 
Andrews hit .25o with the Astros last season. 

Petrocelli released 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday March 27 1977 
9-S 

WINTER HAV FN. Fla. (AP) - Rico Petrocelli. who set an A merican League record for shortstops by hitting 
4o home runs in t9fi9. was released by the Boston Red Sox 
Saturday after 12 years with the club. 
The 33-year-old Petrocelli, who moved from short to third base in 1971. was placed mn irrevocable waivers. 
However, it was unlikely anyone would claim him and his reported SloO.OOO-a-year salary. 
“ I had a idea som ething was going to happen, but I'm surprised that I was released,” Petrocelli said after meeting with .John Claiborne, the Red Sox’ assistant general m anager, and M anager Don Zim m er. 
Petrocelli, passed up by both Seattle and Toronto in the expansion draft because of his age and salary, will be free to m ake his own deal once he clears waivers. Seattle reportedly is interested in him at a sharp reduction in pay. 
"I ll stay around here for a few days and see what happens." Petrocelli said. “ ITI m ake a few phone calls. I 

 hope to continue playing. I feel i have some good years left. I'm not old at 33. and I’m in great shape, down to 188 pounds.” 
In his 12 y ea rs (1.553 g am es) with the Red Sox, 
Petrocelli hit .251 with 21o hom ers and 773 run s hatted in. lh> is one of a handful of players to hit hom ers in consecutive tim es at hat in a World Series, accom plish­ ing the feat in the sixth g am e in 19B7. 
"It s tough to leave after all these years, hut I w ish the 
Red Sox all the luck in the w orld,” Petrocelli said 
The right-handed slugger and a slick fielder helped the 
Red Sox to pennants as a shortstop in 19(57 and as a third baseman in 1975. 
His career was threatened in late 1975 by an inner-ear infection, hut he played in the World Series, taking medication daily. He recovered from the' ear problem , but experienced the worst season of his career last year. playing only 85 g am es and hitting .213 with just three homers. He finally lost his job to rookie Butch Hobson. 
RHO PETROL ELLI 
. . . cut loose 

Bye, Dineen 

FOUT LAUDERDALE. Cia. (A P) - 
The New York Y ankees traded center fielder K erry Dineen from their Syra­ cuse farm team to Philadelphia S atu r­ day in exchange for infielder Sergio 
F errer of the Phillies' Oklahoma City farm flub. 

Dineen, 24. Int .253 at S\ rucuse of the 
International League last year. The lefthanded hatter had appeared in 29 gam es with tile Yanks the past two seasons, com piling a .345 average. 

F e rre r, a sw itch-hitting shortstop* second basem an, hit .2155 at O klahoma 
City of the A m erican Association in 
19715 He has spent parts of two seasons iii the m ajors with Minnesota, hatting 
2fil in 138 at-bals. 

 irm m r* right; 

^ 
B e r * * nj 

 right mono 
A matter of backing the line 

You may not be able to see it, but one of the tricks used by better fishermen is that of adding “ line backing” to their reels. Called simply “ backing,” this material performs several valuable func­ tions. 

 wrong mono 

 wrong 

Florida: 
„ 
. 
S u n d a y boat dealers’ 
Outdoors 

 paradise 

SPECIAL TO THI f *m ss News 

CHICAGO — There’s no per­ fect place to sell all kinds of boating equipment, but Florida comes close. 
That is the conclusion of the latest market research information from the 
Boating Industry Associations. 
The BIA study covered last year's sales, by state, of stern drive ( 111- board-outdrive) boats, outboard boats and boat trailers. 
In all three categories, the top IO states accounted for more than half the total national m arket. Only Florida showed consistency — second in all three. Texas, however, was first in two. 
The percentage breakdowns arc 
S tern d riv es: 
C alifo rn ia, ll.4 ; 
Florida, 9.2; Washington, 7.o; Michi­ gan, 6.3; Texas 4.9; New York. 4 7; Il­ linois. 4.o; Oregon, 3.6, Ohio, 3 4. and 
W isconsin, 2.8 These IO states a c ­ counted for 57.3 per cent of the total national market for these craft. 
Outboard boats: Texas, 9.3; Florida, 
8 I; M ichigan, 5,7; M innesota. 5 6; 
W isconsin, 5.4; New York, 5.o; Lo­ uisiana, 4.6; California, 4.o; Pennsyl­ vania, 3.4; and Ohio, 3.o. Top IO total — 
54 I per cent. 
Boat trailers: Texas. II H; Florida, 
8 7; Louisiana, 5.6; Wisconsin, 4.4; 
Minneta.4.3; California, 4.o; Michigan, 
3 9; Georgia, 3.4; Pennsylvania, 3.2; and Tennessee, 3.2. Top IO total — 52.3 per cent. 
“ In some cases, a look at a map ex­ plains the variations in the standings. 
All three Pacific Coast states, for in­ stance. rank high in stern drive boat sales, but lower in trailer sales, thus indicating a preference for a larger boat, used mainly on salt water and perm anently m oored,” com m ented 
M arian n e N ap ier, BIA m a rk e t r e ­ search director. 
“ Texans, on the other hand, seem to prefer a smaller boat and the mobility that trailering offers, so that they can utilize both the Gulf and the innumer­ able reservoirs. In Florida, th ere's water everywhere — salt and fresh; another factor rn Floridan* high rank­ ing is the high percentage of retired perople who are free to roam an ice- free environment at will,’’ Mrs Napier said. 

T u rke y sh o u t rn scheduled 

A turkey shoot will be held Saturday and next Sunday at A Place to Shoot — 
Lakeside. The shoot starts at 9 a in both days 
F.ntry fee is $2 per person 
A Place to Shoot is located on Mour* sum! Blvd., two miles south of Loop 
4l<) For additional information, call 
828-1888. 

Sunday March 27 1977 

It generally is a limp, compressible m aterial such as braided m u ltifila­ ment Dacron Pressure exerted by the outer layers of mono is cushioned and stress is absorbed by this backing. 
This prevents reel spool distortion and can prevent a stored reel spool from splitting. 
Backing also provides the fisherman with a means of using small diameter, lightweight monos without having to use many hundreds of yards to attain proper spool fill 
On some reels, notably fly reels, the barking also is used as a safety line for the battling of large, running fish lf you use ('ither open or closed-faced spinning reels, here are a couple of other tips you need to know: 
When was the last time you inspect­ ed the line on your closed face reel? lf you're like most fishermen, you pro­ bably do this AFTER you’ve started fishing. That’s wrong! 
Where you have stored the reel. the type of mono, its age, and the amount of line tension generated during stor­ age are im portant factors affecting line quality. 
~ 
Both break stren g th and easting performance can deteriorate and you may not even discover it until it has happened. Spincast reels are particu­ larly deceiving because the line is 

Line 

Backing 

 l l bald eagles9 nests sighted 

SWC IAI TO TWI IX Wit SS N IW S 
AUSTIN — It looks like a good year for southern bald eagles 
Non-game biologists of tin' Texas Parks and 
Wildlife D epartm ent in F eb ru ary made their fifth annual aerial survey along the Gulf Coast for nests of this endangered species. 
For the first time since the depart­ ment began keeping records, and pro­ bably since before the DDT era. the number of nests sighted til Texas has reached ll. 
Seven of those nest sites have pairs of eagles on them. Six of these pairs have young and the seventh pair is acting broody, said non-game biologist 
.lohn Smith. This could mean either that they will he laying late or that they are going through a parental cycle without young This sometimes hap­ 

 pens. Smith explained, since birds of prey have a strong parental drive. 
Of the other four nest sites that do not this year have active pairs, three have produced young in the last few years 
There are two major concentrations, six of the nests being in Victoria, 
Calhoun, Goliad and Refugio Counties and four in Matagorda and Brazoria 
Counties. The other nest is in Orange 
County. 
Smith said the observers still may not have spotted half the existing eagle nests and cooperation from the public is welcomed. Eagles build their nests in the tops of large trees, repairing or adding to the structures each year until they sometimes are five or six foot wide and deep. The department particularly is interested in locating 

 nesting birds around the big lakes in 
East Texas . 
The southern bald eagle is a large dark bird with white head and tail, which in flight carries its wings in a horizontal position. T his species spends the entire year in the South, principally along the coast or byrivers or large lakes. 
The northern bald eagle, slightly larger hut otherwise indistinguishable from the southern, winters in the South and migrates north to nest. Reports of these b ird s, which are to be seen across the state, are not requested and most of them have left already by this time. 
To report sightings of the endan­ gered southern bald eagles or their nests, call any P&WD office or writ* the Texas F’arks and Wildlife Depart 
Boaters: Check steering 

The waterfront is becoming busier every day as taal owners take advan­ tage of the warm weather after one of the roughest winters in many years 
Along with the cleaning, painting, polishing and repairing, the wise boat owner will also make it a point to cheek over his boat’s steering system care­ fully and thoroughly. 
Your rig probably has a modern push-pull type of cable steering. A single stout and dependable cable sliding inside a strong, waterproof housing does the job. 
Remember that tilts cable is no more reliable than its connections. While it is a rare happening, it is |M>ssible fcr the connections to loosen Or for so- nieone to forget to tighten them in the first place. 

So the boating experts at Mercury outboards suggest that you start your inspection by craw ling under the dashboard to cheek the snugness of the large nut that connects the cable to th*' steering box. 
At Hie stern, the cable is affixed to 

 the boat’s transom by a clamp and bracket of some kind This is a vital point as it holds the cable steady against the push-pull steering forces. 
Make sure the clamp is secure so there is no possibility of the cable slipping in it. 

Times 
& tides 

Outdoors 

 w i t h Hail K l i k|»|Mkr 

Morch it 
Lo 
I a rn 
Hi IO 4 )a m 

Morts It 
Lo 
J JJ a m 

Lo 
Hi 
I W p m 

M o rts I i 
Wile ft JO o rn 
Sol 6 4V p m 

T ID E S 
Port A to nia* 

Port Isabel 

S U N R IS E SU N S E T 

Dan Klepper is on vacation. His column when he returns. 

 ment. 42oo Smith School Road. Austin 
78744. Give the date and location in estimated miles and direction from the nearest town, size of nest and any other pertinent information 
Non-game biologists believe there is good reason for optimism in general about fish-eating birds and birds of prey. Figures are up this year for the 
American peregrines in West Texas. the brown pelicans, white-faced ibis. red d ish e g re ts and even for the whooping cranes. Census techniques also are continually improving 
The exception is the inland least tern More data ire needed about this bird, tint there is enough cause for concern for the P&WD to have recom­ mended placing it on the endangered list 
The department’s non-game section. which is involved with the problems of the endangered species, is confident about the upswing in southern bald eagles Florida and California have the greatest concentrations of them, hut the Texas population, though far sm aller than in those states, shows definite signs of thriving Further in­ formation from the public to augment the b io lo g ists’ su rv ey s would be appreciated. 
Both southern and northern bald ea­ gles have been cited on a regular basis at Palo Buro, Caprock Canyons, Lost 
Maples. Caddo Lake and Pedernales 
Stat!' Parks 

 generally hidden behind the reel cover. 
DON'T make the mistake of stiff. heavy pound test monos on these reels. 
Casting performance drops off sharply when you use above 2o-pound test 
Smaller diameter, flexible monos work better. 
Change 
Because even the best of monos will change with usage and time, change lines at least once per season. 
DON'T put a reel in storage without making one more east, winding it in under m inim um line tension. Store away from heat at a reasonably con­ stant room te m p e r a tu re and your mono will last longer. Use premium mono 
DO NOT soak your reel and line i i i water before using to remove the ex­ cess curls. Good quality monos will quickly straighten out. 
Your hest insurance for peak spin- east reel performance is using fresh, premium nylon inspected and changed 
BEFORE you start fishing. 
Tangle 
Deciding how much line to use on an open face spinning reel is a problem few fishermen can accurately solve,. 
Many make the mistake of overfilling their reel spools only to he greeted with a nightmarish tangle of wasted line after that first east. 
Spinning reels are designed to give optim um easting perform ance when line fill is roughly 1/8-ineh below the lip of the spool. W henever line fill drops below 1/8 inch and particularly when these spools are left only 5o per cent filled, you are inviting unneces­ sary troubles. 
Many confused fishermen abandon or ship back to the m anufacturer a perfectly good reel com plaining it wouldn't east when all it needed was more line 
Engineering tests show that a pro­ perly filled spinning reel will east more accurately and up to 5o per cent farther than one which is only half filled When your reels need more line* 
DO NOT add line by ty mg a knot to add a few extra yards 
Instead, strip tin1 spool and refill using smooth, continuous lengths at least IOO yards long. Knots will snag and foul up your easts _________ 

 resume 

M orch It 
L o 
I 4 S o m 
Hi l l 32 a rn 
L o 
— 
Hi 
- 

M orch JI 
Lo 
J 4/ o rn 
Hi 
_ 
Lo 
- 
Hi 
J OI p rn. 

M orch JI 
*•»«• A ft a rn. 
*.*» a en | ,„4 
M O O N R IS E M O O N S E T 
Morch l l 
M orch JI 
Rise ll Si a m 
Rise I J H p m 
Set 12 Sr a m 
Set I 47 a rn 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon 
April ll 
E n it Quarter 
M a rch JI 
I Ult m oon 
April 4 
Last Q uarter 
April IO 

SURVIVAL OF 
THE FITTEST 

EXERCYCIE f( 

It s a foci — the better your physical condi­ tion, the better your 
(honces for o longer, healthier life We hove equipment that can get you bock into shape, feeling strong 
•r, more vttol and 

 youthful. 
You'll find the equipment for fit­ ness in our store stop in today 

TREADMILL 

't* 

BODY 
SHAPER 
AMERICAN 

5431 BLANCO 
3 4 1 

JACUZZI WHIRLPOOL 
ATHLETIC 
COMPANY 
PHONE 
• o o 7 1 or 7 3 3 - o 4 4 o 

Whites has It I 
AN OPPORTUNITY 
FOR TEXANS I 

Wont to be your own boss? O w n your ow n business! Each dot on the map indicates a city where W H IT E S is seeking a franchise to open and operate another W H IT E S A U T O S T O R E . Over 147 
Texas towns to choose (rom, plus other prime locations in neighboring states C ould you be the one we're looking tor? 

W H IT E S is a complete hom e and automotive center with 6 5 o modern stores in 17 states, including Texas, and plans rapid expansion in the South. 

W e’ll put you on the road to success and lifetime security. Whites does not charge franchise fees or overrides on sales. Invest ment a1 $3o,ooo and up is required, depending on the size store you select. 

Have m oney to invest? Call our nearest sales office. 
Y ou will receive straight facts without pressure and without obligation 

C A L L O R W R IT E : 

O f t t M A t b f c 
C usm A o h . tic 
(Wit 

 t h * 
U X H A OM, flue, C.'jicT.. 

 d o it* tke. doo%,...tockl untLqU tt 
AUTOMATIC GARAGE 
DOOR OPENER SYSTEM 

 by 
B U Vt 

SEE & COMPARE! 
PRICES INCLUDE: 
• INSTALLATION WITH 
ONE TRANSMITTER 
• FULL O N E-YEAR W A R R A N T Y 

AUTO 

John Phillips 
P. O Box 31oo 
Lufkin, Texas 759o1 
Ph A C ; 713/632-4471 

O N T H E M O V E IN T E X A S A N O O T H E R S O U T H E R N S T A T E S ! 

GENIE a g o o d w a y to ge t in . . . w hen it’s unsafe to ge t out! 
Discover w hy features like these have m ode Genie* the w o rld ’s fastest selling g a ra g e door opener system s. 

*2o9so 

Superb styling. '/» HtP. rated. Screw drive. 

$1595o_ _ _ _ _ _ 

Vs rated 
Chain drive 
• Superb styling. 
• Worm screw drive 
• Built-in time delay 
(GMM MoM1 OMV) 

• (J.I. Listed 
• Sensitive safety device 
• Solid state radio controls. 
Certified to com ply with F.C.C. regulations 

USE OUR EASY PAY PlA N -3 EQUAL PAYMENTS 

WITH NO INTEREST OR CARRYING CHARGES 

Your Garage Door Headquarters since 1947 

HOLLYWOOD CRAWFORD DOOR CO. 
13811 SA N PEDRO 
494-3434 

• W e service w hat we sell • 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW5— Sunday M a r c h 1 / iy / / 
Fage I 1-S 
Coach backs 
Texas’ Price 

Ron Low 
W oshington 

D o u g G r a n t 
Eddie Johnston 

St Louis 
Si Louts 

G e r ry C h e e v e rs 
Terry R it h o r d s o n 

B oston 
Detroit 

DALLAS (A P) - Texas-El 
Paso track Coach Ted Banks says he agrees with his Univer­ sity of Texas counterpart that 
American athletes in their teens shouldn’t have to compete on the college level with foreigners in their mid 2os. 

But Banks adds that as long as the 
NCAA doesn’t have an enforceable eligibility rule on foreign athletes he plans to continue to do most of his recruiting outside the United States. 
Cleburne Price, the Texas track coach, lashed out at the NCAA Friday for allowing Texas-Fl Paso and other schools to build powerful track teams with older foreign athletes seasoned in international competition. 
“ It ’s unfair for our 
18 and 
19-year-olds to have to compete against their 27-year-olds,’’ Price told the 
Dallas Times Herald. 
He told The Associated Press he would not bring his team to the 1978 
Dallas Invitational Track meet if the 

Longhorns had to compete against so many foreign athletes. 
Texas and U T EP were among eight college teams in the field for Satur­ day’s Dallas Invitational. U T E P has 21 foreigners on its 31-man team in 
Dallas 
“Something has to tie done,’’ Price said. “ Everybody talks about it, but someone has to stand up and try to make the NCAA develop some rules.” 
Banks sided with Price, saying. 
"The rule isn t right, but as long as there is no rule (against having an unlimited number of foreigners). I’m n«< going to concern myself with it." 
" I don’t fault Ted B an ks," Price said. “ As long as there Is no rule en­ forced. he’s free to build his team any way he wants. The NCAA is at fault for allowing it.” 
“ I started out trying to recruit the top athletes in the United States," said 
Banks. “ It wasn’t long before I realized I wasn’t going to attract too many and half of my reaming budget was gone I found it was much cheaper to recruit foreign athletes by mail and word of mouth. 

G a r y Smith 
M i n n e s o t a 

Pete LoPresti 

M i n n e s o t a 

D e n n is Herron 
Pittsburgh 

 lr # * * ™ 
,.r 
% 
Dune W i l s o n 
Pittsburgh 

Bernie Parent 

P h ila d e lp h ia 

OPEN TODAY, 
SUNDAY 1-6 p.m. 

ONLY 2 DAYS LEFT 

OF HOUSE 
111 
CLEANING TIME 
W 

AU NON CURRENTS f l 
MUST GOH! 
6m 

BRADY'S IS MERCURY'S NUMBER ONE SINGLE OUTLET DEALER IN 
TEXAS. WE AIM TO KEEP IT THAT WAY BY SELLING ON A VOLUME 
BASIS. . . AND PASSING THE DISCOUNTS ON TO YOU. 

Marvelous 
Masks 

It used to be that a hockey goalie’s mask was a plain, workman-like affair. Then, a few years ago, a few of the more artistic guardians of the cage, began to 
• dress up their face protectors with colors and de- 

'M GLOBE 

7142 N. SAN PEDRO AVE. 
238 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
492o FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

Service Center H ours 
M o n d a y -F rid a y 9 -9 
S a tu rd a y 9 -6 d o t e d S u n d a y * 

DUNLOP GLASS 
BELTED TIRE! 

2 POLYESTER CORDS plus 
2 FIBERGLASS BELTS 

2 
4 
8 8 

 signs. The masks, first and third rows, are matched with the goalies behind them, in second and fourth rows. 

Santa Rosa golf tourney alm ost full 

28 

 un 
ATI II 
ITI It 
(HI! 
BH 14 

88 a t 14 
UH 14 
IH M l i t I* 

31 

37 

CH I* 
HH 14 
HH 14 
CHIS 
H H H 

HO 
IK TU. 
I It 
IM tot 
IM 

IBI 
IM 
II* 
2 42 

IM 
IS I 
I M 
141 
IM 

ADD MUES Of WEAR! 

WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 

U t Our Uports Sot Comber, 

Castor S Too Shims 4 labor 
(minded 
7 
88 
M >*t U 
I ©FA 
VmH rf 

WHITES 
PLUS 
ONLY 
3.oo 
EACH! 

8 8 ** 'N'* 
U H S 
1o1 
III 

INSTALLATION 
INCLUDED 

•• WHITE 

PRICE 

Extra Savings on Pirelli 

Motorcycle Tires! 

2 o % OFF OUR RfOUlAR LOW PR K I ON 

ANY SIZi IN STOCK! 

DU N LO P 4 FULL PLY * 
POLYESTER CORDSI 

21“ 
W I 
H i 
I K 
"'Al 
26" v, i / | ,4 
IW 
B 

S t IL fc'R 4 iff •'> 
IH 
22" 

I f f >1 rn t i 
I f f t i t 
29" ll ‘ 
I 
23" 
( ' » (f k l 
« 
O I 
• 
Ilk tm 
34"** • 
■ 

DUNLOP GOLD SEAL 
STEEL BELTED RADIALS! 
WHITEWALLS! im 
MB va ut im leu 

WHI TE W A L I 
PLUS ONLY 
S3.OO KACHI 

WM (u s I ion im i HOI O' --armit w a 
•tty 
•• rnvHil*lu<l< I t «(*'IkbI'..» 

U lt I ] 

O I'I K ll/I ll n't 14 
U lt 14 

784 
I u 
74/ 
JU 
JU 

M U 

V U 

41 M 
IIM 

WI 

N I/! II 

 t i / 1 t i 
Ult Ii 
M/8 Ii 

IIH I i 

MO 
IIC I I I 
M K I 

IM 
7*8 
111 
17/ 
144 

46 44 
44M 
4/M 
IIM 
M M 

J STEIL HITS plus 2 POLYESTER (OROS! 

SHOCK ABSORBERS! 

W A M A N H ID AS LONO AS YOO OWN TNI U R I 
A Shock for iv o r y N eed! 

A N k M IU A A f ig H f A V Y D U T Y I 
“ “ Mtwtl M 4^<1 
*ui«Mi*at| *«rft> ikMfMf oath 

 g g LSVKLiZIRti 
A# 
Piaf>«H*>* ’Ma e '*f '>«•* ala uNi tees <o4*1*ft 
, 
<#•*? e Net se (**•*» rn per — 

• umu> i«oW<*4 tail rf a Mi. iuinm tut rf am w m M rf. n m 
N H I rf m 

 in n * IM U n i US U n . *M *m rf U n I flit af Iwki Uyert lesiellmee is AinteON 

DISC & DRUM BRAKE PACKAGE! for Matt U.S. Cert t light Truck* with front Dim A Hoar Drum Brokes. 

• 
Install MIW fionl On* Pods, lia r l i n i n g s , lion! 

U (OM Seals. Irani It o il 

• 
Hardware (tar Return Springs 

• 
Rebuild Front Coopers 4 leer Wheel Cylinders 4 

 turn Front Dim lotus 4 leat Drums 

• 
Pack Front (eatings 4 Meed Hydrous System 

• 
Ad)ust Parking (rakes 4 Inspect Moiler (^tinder 

- Road lest Car tar Safety 

 few hNe tjrtltm rn# bt twee'ret - rf erf* lienal mil ai pull ait 
*ee4a4. re e l be ■* 
Fennel batete eel 

GLOBAL MARS BATTERY 
36 MONTH 

LIMITED WARRANTY! 

8 9 

8 8 

Instollotion 

Included! 

FREE INSPECTION - NO OBLIGATION! 

 tut '#eFaierne*! mum I* leys rf (w isest rf benetr (fens 
(tFertm 4H.i IO rn 'MMI• beile>r rf eeietnn serf <<••• »• 
*rf* lei (enerf al amoanluf tes.< ax 
<*««■* (tee I Mine 
- ‘ 
-*■— ‘ ---— - -uienleel (alo 

 rf*Fectm AH.' W rfefs rn eel* lei (enerf el em eritus-------- — --- , r ---- el idem , (ie 'it erf en lumber el mentki jw eninrf te l* met! I 
'•twKerf ie em el Aele Centers IH I R e tire e el Alietneleis 

The afternoon session of the 14th annual Santa 
Rosa Medical Center charity golf tournament has been filled but morning tee-off reservations still are available. 
Santa Rosa’s tournament is set for May 2 at 
Canyon Creek country club va itll proceeds going to 
The Children’s Hospital Regional Heart Center fund. 
C. .I Krause, president of the SHMO Men’s Club, predicts another record turnout for the affair va hu h last year attracted 172 golfers. 
Krause said both the 8 a m. and I 311 p.m. shotgun starts will be limited to 128 players. 
Morning reservations can be made by calling the 
Santa Rosa public relations office at 228-21o8 or 
228-21o7 
Fee for the entire day s activities is $85 and includes breakfast, green fee, cart, cap. ball, tees, tamales and refreshments at noon, fellowship hour, buffet dinner and a chance to win one of a batch of trophies and prizes. 
This year’s tournament will he handicap instead of the Callaway system, according to Joe Ayers who, along wifti Ray Creek, is co-chairman of the tour­ nament. 

WANTED 
I 5 HOMES THAT 
N EID PAINTING 
I 5 homeowner* in th** general area will be givon tFsa opportunity of 
Roving new Fiber Gloss 
Brick a Stone applied to their homes with optional decorative work of o very low cost This a m a l' mg new product bus cap tured the interest of homeowners throughout the 
United 
States who ore ted up with constant pointing and other mom tenonce costs. It will lost tor 25 years and pro­ vides full insulation sum mer and winter, os well os fire protection 
Our new proouct can be used over every type of home, including home, concrete block, stucco, etc 
It comes in a choice of colors and is now going 

 to be introduced to th# 
Son 
Antonio market 
Your home con be a show ploce rn your vic­ inity and we will make it worth your while if we can use your home. 
For on appointment please write, including nome, address phone numbers to 

 ling jnd 

JUCO game nears 

The Third Annual Na­ tional Ju n io r College 
.All-Star game scheduled for Friday night at Con­ vention Center Arena, is being eo-sponsored for the first time by the Ala­ mo Area Optimist Clubs and the National Junior 
College Athletic Associa­ tion 
The game, slated for 
7.3o p.m. Friday, will pit 
2o of the top junior col­ lege players from across the nation. 
The Optim ist group includes 31 different clubs iii the San Antonio urea. 
Proceeds from the game will go to the Nemo 
H errera 
Scholarship 
Fund, which will award two scholarships for the second consecutive year. 
Players for the game will arrive in San Antonio and begin workouts 
Tuesday. 

NEW 15-FOOT 
SPORTCRAFT TRIHULL 

INCLUDES: “A WALK THRU WINDSHIELD ★ UPHOLSTERED 
DELSMAN SEATS AFIRE EXTINGUISHER A BATTERY 8. BAT 
E E RY BOX 
A T W O B O W 
* 
STORAGE BOXES WITH UP- SUGGESTED RETAIL *3767.27 
HOLSTERED SEATS A GAS 
TANK A 5o HP FUL! ELEC- 
BRADY S DISCOUNT LOW 
TRIO MERCURY OUTBOARD ^ 

W U U 
S I N G L E 
L E V I N 
Mf M O T I 
CONTROL [ ASY LOAD SKIP 
^ 
W 
M l C l f l 
PER H GALVANIZED TRAU I N 
M 1 
1 
1 
! 
WI T H AL I L I GHTS 8. TIE 
DOWN. 
(LIMITED SUPPLY AT THIS PRICE) 
NEW GALAXY 
I/O TRI-HULL 

INCLUDES: 6 TOP * HORN 6 FIRE 
EXTINGUISHER * BUILT IN GAS 
TANK A STERN SEATS * WALK 
THRU WINDSHIELD A BOW CUSH­ 
IONS A WALK THRU CURTAIN A 
12o HP MERC. CRUISER 1/o WITH 
FULL INSTRUMENT PANEL A POWER 
TRIM A BILGE PUM P A BILGE 
BLOWER A BATTERY A SKIPPER B 
GALVANIZED CUSTOM DRIVE-ON 
TRAILER WITH All LIGHTS 

SUGGESTED RETAIL $6152.12 

BRADYS 
DISCOUNT 
LOW $4388* 

(LIMITED SUPPLY AT THIS PRICE) 

OPEN: 
WEEKDAYS 9-7 P.M, 
SATURDAY 9-4 P.M. 
SUNDAY 1-6 P.M. 

NEN IS' FUNN ASTER 
TRI-HULL 

A Walls Thru Windshield & Up­ holstered Helmsman Seat* A Fire 
Extinguisher A 4o HP FULL ELEC 
TRIC MERCURY OUTBOARD 
A 
Single lever Remote Control 
A 
Ga* Tank 
A Battery & Battery 
Box 
A SKIPPER-B-TIPPER (EASY 
LOAD) GALVANIZED TRAILER 
A 
All Necessary Running Light* A 
Tie Down* 

Suggested Retail $3527.35 

W ADY 
DISCOUNT 
LOW 
*2588 

 fUMlTED SUPPLY AT THIS PRICE) 

LOW DOWN PAYMENT 

UP TO FIVE YEARS TO PAY 

BANK RATE FINANCING 

UT THI "BRADY BUNCH'' SAVI YOU HUNDRIDS OF DOLLARS 
‘Limited Supply with (light imperfection* 

) 

BZI 
*5 a { S K A G G S coupon n m 

■ymr 

 rn 

COVERGIRL ORE STROKE 
EYE COLORS 

COLLECTION OF FOUR 
DIFFERENT QUARTETS. 
CREAMY GLOWING SHADOWS 

EACH 

 in iiu iiiiiniiiiiiiiiitiiiiutm m m m tiiiiiiM iiii 

L 

CUPandSAVE 

FRANKS 
GLOVER 
JUMBO MEAT ...................... LB 

NIGHT-TIME MEDICINE 
VICKS NYQUIL 
6 OUNCE LIQUID 
RELIEVES COLD 
SYMPTOMS QUICKLY o 

PORK l(M N s « g -..................88' 

A l I A r n 
O l i r r o r 
« **o o i » l» i» tio n i » K K I 
* 
* 7 o 4 
OLI UL U L n L L ot ”r !^ ! 
I O 
CATFISH STEAKS :" :.:: ::'.^ .........511! 
LINK SAUSAGE ™: 
.........Jh'.89* 
BEEF LIVER .it 
...............» 49* 
VEAL CUTLETS.™— ................*1“ 
SLICED B O L O G N A “.. - 99* 
SMOKED SAUSAGE 
.......'I* 

' 

USM GRADE 

 l l A U 

Mm 

 l l 
FROZEN FOODS 

I ' n*!' i f " ! T ?*** fT"wi 
I? f Trf^fTTM ry^r» »yt itt^y rj f pm* itt*? rj r p i t ? 
DINNER 
,‘,,r *No °“ vr ” 
. v 69* 
COOKIN’ BAGS 
.....................4 x Jl°° 
FRUIT PIES.. rr:™o.N 
? ™ ........................... x 88* 
PEAS AND C A R R O T ...-.-.......................3 W 

■""■HT— 
- 
I PT. OF PINTO BEANS 

WITH THE PURCHASE OF 2 HOT BBQ CHICKENS.......................................... EA . $1.69 
■— in...Ullin 
Mf—i 

,,,.,1 .III. ,11, un.. 
I,i|...ll»ailil.limniuiiii 
CLIPandSAVE 

SUPER COUPON 

FLAVR-PAC 
DEL MONTE 
LEMONADE 11 CORN 

POWDERED DETERGENT 
TIDE 

REGULAR OR PINK 
C K AM STYLI 
Off WHOLE KIMMEL 

PACKAGE OF SIX COASTERS 
THERMO COASTERS 

HOLDS CAN. BOTTLE OR 
GLASS. KEEPS BEVERAGES 
COLDER. LONGER!! 

6 oz. 
Tin 

J 
1 7 O L fins 
I i i jft n 

84 oz. 
Pkg. 
W I® 

TEXSUN 
JUICE 

GRAPEFRUIT 

11 

LUCKY LEAF 
SAUCE 

 a p p l e s a u c e 

CLIPandSAVE 

LET US FILL YOUR 
NEXT PRESCRIPTION! 

WE HAVE A COMPLETE PHARMACY. 
ALSO, ASK ABOUT OUR SENIOR CITIZEN PLAN. 

POTATO CHI 

JANET LR 
IW K. r n .... 

. 
' 
» tm., 
‘•♦••GI.. . . . . . . . . . 

CINNAMON 
ROLLS 

FRIED 

EACH 
BREAD.. AMMU CINNAMON LOAVES 
..........................................69* 
COOKIES. .™ ™ .....................36 J I oo 
BUNS...™™......................................oo, 7 9 * 
COFFEE C 
A K E ........................98* 

LIQUID 
DETERGENT 
22 oz. Bott.69 
* 

3 BIG S A . LOCATIONS 
WA U E N RD. A I MIDCROWN 
SS3S WALLEM BO — 656-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
1174 3 WEST AVENUE— 349-5267 
BANDERA ROAD AT IH 41o 
57o7 BANDERA RO.— 684-SB52 

WE ARE OPEN 
24 HOURS A 
DAY, 7 DAYS 
A WEEK! 

GUARANTEE 

If you qualify, you can enlist for one of hundreds of exciting 
Army jobs. Or you can choose the initial area or unit you’d like to serve in, near home in the continental United States or someplace new. Your choice will be guaranteed in writing before you enlist. 

 a. 
N 

•a1 | c 
§ 
2 I 
o u 
1 I 

I s 
J= x 

<u 
T J ~ 
Ar ° 
JC 
U 

<L> 
U 
73 S a o fN x: 
U 

Iii today’s Army, you earn good money while learning a skill to make even more money. 

If you’re looking for a good job, and a good starting salary, today’s Army can help you. In fact, the Army has more good jobs to fill than anybody. Hundreds of good jobs. 
And we’ll give you the training and the experience you need for the job you select. Ail of which is pretty hard to beat, especially when you get an attractive starting salary and a jump in pay after just six months in the Army. 
Look over the stamps on this page, representing 4o Army career categories. Pick your first three choices, detach, moisten and place the stamps on the postage-paid card and mail it to us. 
We’ll send you all the details. 
There’s no obligation. 
Join the people who’ve joined the Army. 

( atmmunicat inns 
Operations 
I 

Field Artillery 
Missiles 
Air Defense 
Artillery 

3 

Food Service 

9 
Administration 
IO 

(ieneral 
Engineering ll 

- < ' 

Aviation 
Maintenance 

17 
Band 

18 
Chemical 

19 

H 
* 

Mechanical 
Maintenance 

25 

Military 
Intelligence 

2o 

Ballistic 
.Missile Repair 

27 

Air Defense 
Fixed Plant 
( aMnmunicalkms 
I 
Missile Repair 
.Maintenance 
; 
1 
34 
! 
35 

Wire Antenna and 
Central Office 
Maintenance 
4 

Motor 
T runs port at ion 

5 

Utilities 
Hnginrering 

12 

(aimhat Missile 
Maintenance 

13 

Field Services 

2o 

I electrical Instrument 
J 
Maintenance 
: 
2i 

Medical 

28 

I Fleet runic Inst rumen 
* 
Maintenance 

! 
29 

Automatic 
; Field (Communications 
Data Processing 
• 
Maintenance 

3C 
: 
37 

Ammunition 

14 

Public Affairs and Audio Visual 

22 

Topographic 
Engineering 

Area (Communications 
Maintenance 

38 

Field Artillery 
(annoa 

Petroleum 

15 

Infantry 

23 

Power Production 

39 

( Jim bal Surveillance and Target Acquisition 

8 

Armor 
IS 

 law 
Enforcement 

24 

Map 
Reproduction 

32 

Non-Integrated 
Radar Maintenance 

FOK IMMEDIATE INFORMATION. CALL WX) 431 1976 TOLL FREE 

(IN NEW VORK C ALL 8oo-243-5614.) 

Advertising Supplement 
The job you learn in the Army is a skill that stays with you. 

You’ll find that ihe job you learn in the Army has a lot of “staying” power. And it gives you options you probably didn’t have before. You can use your skill to build a career in the Army. 
And, we think you’ll discover another important fact. 'ITie Army’s job-training courses are probably the best around. They’re taught by excellent instructors, in good schools, on the most up-to-date equipment. You’ll have a job that could cost you a lot of money to learn in civilian life. 
Remember, you’re also paid gixxl money while you learn. And after six months, while you’re learning your skill, you get a nice raise. After that, further raises and promotions will come as you earn them. And, of course, the Army takes care of your meals, clothing, housing, medical and dental care, plus a lot of other benefits, such as a 3o day vacation paid every year. Send back the card today and get all the facts. 

Join the people who’ve joined the Army. 

Get ahead now. 
Stayahead fora lifetime. 

You’ll enjoy a good starting salary in the Arm y, with most of it clear, since the Army takes care of the majority of your living expenses. But if you’re like a lot of young people we’ve talked to, 
“money isn’t everything.” You want to know you’re equipped to handle whatever comes your way. 
And that’s what the Army can do for you. It provides job training and experience in a skill you can use throughout your life. And in addition, the Army can help you develop a greater sense of confidence and responsibility. You really get to know yourself, and your abilities, in the Army. And that is an education all by itself. 

Combat Surveillance and 
Target Acquisition 

Exciting specialty with a real challenge 

Armor 
A real |i>b tor you ii you’ve got what it takes 

 lb 

 law 
Enforcement 
Prepare tor an exciting military or civilian career. 

24 

Map 
Reproduction 
In civilian or military applications, here is an exciting career 

32 

Non-Integrated 
Radar 
Maintenance l.carn highly technical repair skills in a held w ith a bright future 

4o 

Field Artillery 
(.annot) 

A challenge for the man who know s he’s a man 

Petroleum 
A challenging held for both military and civilian careers 

IS 

I nl.mirv 

Stand tall in the pride of today's professional Army 

23 

Signal 
In te llig e n ce 
A unique specialty that offers an exciting and rewarding career 

31 

Power 
Production 
T rain in a specialized skill that is more in -demand than ever before 

3o 

Supply 
A key held for both military and civilian careers 

Motor 
Transportation 
I .earn valuable skills in a held with a future. 

Wire Antenna and 
Central Office 
Maintenance 
T ech n ical skills thai can bring a lifetim e of rewards. 

Air Defense 
Artillery 
Im portant skills for national d efen se- and f o r y o u 

Field Artillery 
Missiles 
Superb technical training in a challenging new held 

I 
( ommunicattons 
; 
Operations 
I A technical specialty with a 
I satisfying future 

I 

Ammunition 
A military specialty with an interesting f uture. 

14 

( aim bat 
.Missile 
Maintenance 
A fascinating held w ith an exciting future 

Kl 

Utilities 
I engine ering 
An exciting skill thai is yours f or a lifetim e 

12 

(leneral 
Fngineering 

An outstanding future in both m ilitary and civilian careers 

Administration 
Learn a com plete range o f adm inistrating skills 

IO 

Food Service 
A career skill that will last you a lifetim e. 

Public Affairs and 
Audio Visual 
Build a solid future in military or civilian careers 

22 

Fleet heal 
Instrument 
Maintenance 

Learn a specialty that's in ever-grow ing demand 

21 

Field Services 

A challenging skill with lifetim e rewards 

2o 

Chemical 
An out -o f-th c-ordinary career in a highly specialized held 

IO 

Hand 
Fu rther your career as an 
Army bandsman 

IN 

Aviation 
I 
Maintenance 
I 
A dem anding and 
J rewarding specialty- that is yours 
! for a lifetim e 

17 

I opographic 
Fngineering 
Learn a variety o f drafting skills f or a lifetim e career 

3o 

Electronic 
Instrument 
Maintenance 
Electronics! 
It’s the best way to say “ future!” 

2o 

Medical 
Outstanding training that offers an outstanding future 

2H 

Ballistic 
Missile 
Repair 

Highly technical training w ith a fascinating future 

27 

.Military 
Intelligence 
Serve your co u n try - and y o u rs e lf-in an exciting, rewarding career held 

2b 

Mechanical 
Maintenance lx a m a skill that can spell 
“fu tu re" for you. 

25 

Area 
( kmimunications 
Maintenance 
Important technical skills can be yours to keep! 

38 

Field 
( kiniinunications 
Maintenance 

A key job in a highly technical held. 

37 

Automatk 
Data 
Processing lx a m this rapidly growing and rewarding specialty 

3b 

Air Def ense 
.Missile 
Repair 
Technical training in a specialized area tor those who can accept a challenge 

35 

Fixed Plant 
( ain im unications 
.Maintenance 
Skilled technical repairm en are always in dem and 

34 

I km that 
Engineer* 
A challenging skill with lifetim e rewards 

33 

 e 5 
I aa 3 lf 
<51 
N ote: In fo r m a l ion i i i t i n s p u h lie u tio ii is su b je c t to c b u n go . 
So,* y o u r A r m y R e p re se n ta tiv e fo r th e la te st in fo rm a tio n . 

THE COLLECTION 

 rn 
Soft 'n' Pfetty Soft 'n' Prfettyi 

— 
- 

BATHROOM TISSUE by SCOTT 

A New Soft ’n’ Pretty Bathroom Tissue by SCOTT 
Featuring: 

• Quality with a 2-ply sheet 
• Convenience in a 4-pack size 
• Softness with a textured sheet 
• Delicate floral designs or pastels at popular 4-pack prices 

Soft ’n’ Pretty Bathroom Tissue by SCOTT... now available at your favorite store 

[25C 
ZOfid 
STORE COUPON 

THIS COUPON WORTH 
25t 
WHEN YOU BUY 
ONE PACKAGE OF 
SoftnPfetty 

BATHROOM TISSUE 

SoftriPrfetty kAtnlHK'M ' TM,J* * 

Door Renner SCOR Paper Company will reimourse you a* agtnt for redemption ct Rut coupon (or ill taco valua plul 5* tor handtirg ii you raceme it in pan payment on th! retail awe of on# package ct Soft 'n' Hetty to a conaumar and ll. upon raquesit you submit evidence thereof satisfactory to Scott Paper Company Coupon may not be assigned or transfer red Customer must pay any sates tai Void where prod toited lated or restricted by law Good only rn US A Cash value 1/2CX For re- den pl ton of properly received and handled coupon m«l to Scot! Paper Coupon Redemption Bot 5ooo Chester 
PA 19o16 soot) (WI un* rut huh nee ti Minus aa mamu 
Of OW PRCHttt Of KFT I MUTTI l l I MO OOM TMW MU 
S im i uu c o a irn u tfi taaoo ut ter u iv tu to ow cau­ po* MR CUSTOMER UiUlHlORUIO MtCMMlCAi HimOOUC 
TM Of TM CMFO* a FROMOfTEO 

25C 
P5o7 

 h p 

. 
>ide 

Soft ri Prfetty 

 t J i f u a n n M Ti<;<iMr ^ 
Soft h Prfetty 

R t T M R n o u ti« ;< ;iif w 

BATHROOM TISSOfi by SCOTT 

BATHROOM TISSUE by SCOTT 

 rn rn J 
B B ' 

I 
V. 

 rn 
THE 

J 
" i 
SoftriPifetty 
CQLLECTIQN 

4 C 

M b 

 rn 

Advertising Supplement t o - Austin Am erica Statesman - Beaumont Enterprise- Journal-Corpus Christi Catter— San Antonio Light— The Houston P ost-San Antonio Eioress-New s- The Houston Chronicle 

Find out for yourself why 
SANKfi® Decaffeinated Coffee is the coffee you can feel good about 

USE THIS OFFER ANO OBTAIN 
I f i n 
WORTH OF 
« 
U 
U 
COUPONS 

ROBERT YOUNG 

97% CAFFEIN FREE COFFEE 

9/% CAFFEIN FREE COFFEE 

STORE COUPON 

K R A * ! . 

E v e * rn 
JED o n 

H 
I a m e r i c a n 
S IN G L E S 
H H B s B B H H H H H I 
12 oz. or larger 
:7-18(S W ) 
CO U PO N E X P IR E S SEPT 3o. 1977 
REDEEM PROMPTLY • ONE COUPON PER ITEM PURCHASED 

STO R E CO U P O N 

ITI GROCER As our agent you may 
J accept this coupon from retail cus- tomers if you receive it on the sale of the specified product We will re imburse you for the face value of this coupon plus SC for handling Any other use may constitute Fraud Proof of pur chase must be submitted upon request 
This coupon is void if taxed, licensed, re­ stricted or wherever prohibited by law 
Consumer must pay any sales tax OFFER 
LIMITED TO ONE COUPON PER 
PACKAGE Send to The Quaker Oats 
\ 
Company. PO 
Box 41o6, Oak 
Park. Illinois 6o3o3 

’N EW !] 

Send in two inner seals from any size Sanka® 
*' 
STRANO instant or 
• freeze-dried 
\ decaffeinated 
11 coffee and the 
Ij completed cer­ tificate below. 
You will obtain five 4oC coupons good on your next five purchases of 
Sanka® decaffein­ ated coffee. 

COUPON EXPIRES OCTOBER 31,1977 

WE WANT YOU TO TRY 
A PAIR OF OUR 
TOP-QUALITY, 7 FILAMENT 
Banty 'n Hose 

\ 
ALL-IN-ONE 
\ featuring the 
I 
Cotton Crotch 

No n«*fd to I buy panties* any more, now you get panties and hose all-in-one. 

A panty top thai gently slims tummy and hips. 
Just fill out the coupon on back. 

M C A — Stenton Ave* Phila,. Pa 

No unsightly outlines from elastic 

STORE COUPON 
R EFU N D C E R T IF IC A T E 
•*. 
I 
This form m ust be used to obtain a refund 
I 

, 
$ 2 .O O W O R T H O F C O U P O N S 

Mall to: Coupon Offer 
S 
. - 
Box 9o36, Kankakee. III. 6o9o1 
E n clo se d are two inner seals from any size SA N K A * B rand 
Instant or Freeze-O ried Decaffeinated Coffee Please send me 

 f B B v B e ' 
,lve 4oc co up on s good on my next five pu rch ases 

 today - with 
. this 
\ cou p o n . 
Sanka" Brand 
Instant or Freeze-Dried 
Decaffeinated Coffee 
Q F 
A D D R E S S 
W 
Zip cod* mutt M included 

CITY 
STATE 
ZN*__ 
| 

OFFER EXPIRES JUNE 3o.1977 Offer lim ited to one per family Offer good only in U S A Ofter vord w here prohibited, taxed or restricted by law Allow 4-6 weeks for processing 

Lim it—one coupon per purchase 
Offer expires 6/3o/77 

G E N E R A L FO O D S C O R P O R A T IO N 

YOURS FREE! p \\~ 
TOP-QUALITY, 7-FILAMENT 
Panty ’n Hose 
ALL-IN-ONE 

 o j u H 
C°T rcH, c k o t c h < 

SEND NO MONEY 
Choose your hose from the 4 sues and 5 shades below 
Fill out the coupon and mail TODAY 

 p e r e e c t - e it s e l e c t io n c h a r y 

 s i z e 
S HADE 
N u d e 
T a u p e 
L 
B i ig e 
W h ite 
M .c h a 

[ 
Sm all 
4 IO lo % 2 
W to ITO !|m 

M edium 
5 3 I® I I no ie 1*o % 

□ Large h > I® & IO 
'TOI® 1*o % 

X Large 
S } K i l e .M n IW W 
He 43 tx sr 

Please send me my FREE pair ot Panty n Hose plus 3 extra pair You 
Ail! bill me your special introductory price ot only $1 per pair plus postage and handling tor the 3 pair only Included in my shipment Alii be an exciting 
_ 
. 
M B B ’ 
' will also receive a Momy Back Gift cash in these certificates to get FREE 
Money Back FREE GIFT catalog 
Certificate attached to my invoice 
GIFTS shoAn in the catalog 
NO RISK OFFER I can try my FREE pan for 1o days lf I am 1oo% satisfied I pay my invoice tor the 3 pan It not I can return 3 pair and I have no further obligation The FREE pair are still mine to keep 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY 

STATE 
ZIP 

Mail To FHosiery Corporation of America 
Dept BC -3/77 P O Box 8235 Phila Pa 191o1 
LIMIT ONE PER FAMILY 

3 TI 

 ration-fji 

Packed Under 
Continuous 
Inspection ol 
U.S. 
[Dept of Agr i s BEEF rn f l a v o r 
BI ■•MMrttiwtf, 
^ 
Bh 
Fm J 

 net WT 15 V? OZ 

Ii H ut ual it M I M 
M in dm lo u t M i MI ai M f use 
MMI IMI 

The only 
Beef Dog Food that’s U.S. 
Government 
Inspected! 

QUALITY AND VALUE, 
TOASTED OPEN-FACE. 

“ lf it s topped with KRAFT Singles you’ve got something pretty close to a Quality & 
Value Sandwich. Toasted with hot dogs or on any other sandwich, KRAFT Singles always taste great. That’s why they're 
America's favorite slices. And you save 
15C to boot!” 
YOU PUT US ON TOP, AMERICA 

Introducing 
Beef Flavor from 
Ken-L Ration 

I Si, SAVE 15C on 15! 
AMERICAN SINGLES 
12 OZ SIZE OR LARGER 

! Itll g> pl I . .tip .ill!*. II,’I-:! IL .I ! iv III Hjfpnt 111 ipdMmmg this coupon A f nill 
■•■In>t-u> ye a1 i Im 'lic 11 
Kiltie ■» Uhs uupon o1 i! • oupi" ills lot fief good-. ate Mill 
-Pulse « i inc teg i ii irtM” pm e 1 inc im, goods pius it handling eat Ii. uupon proaided ann and (Mc 
.tomet have i umptied Aith I , io n pl this otlei Pipotot our base ol 
* a t ti s ten! si a -a (ti att p rd u tt spentifdt ovd oupons prevented must lie tu'iished 
■ip •• request A* a o ■ I honm t,demp'i >nihiough outside agfiu ms tuckers et. except 
Ahcic spec iii ill* authorized ba Kraft Otter limited lo one nupon poi household pet 
■ pc .tied piodurt and sire !ha usluihei must pay any sales oi sutulai tai on the product 
■Helved C upi * »■ id 'I ne prohibited mstu-ted.w taxed Good onl, in geogtaphn atea 
IU SA its teiiii n e s 4„g y j m ilitai, bases ve'seas rn antileft tins o ttfi is displayed ai iiiyenised 1 ,r,n l e u - 
I 
, i ;e ■ I ii ! TOC Redempt i un ethel th in product specified constitutes iiaud 

F 7 - 1 8 !S W ) 
■ft**'loo1*' PO Box I6oo Clinton Iowa 52734 
COUPON EXPIRES SEPT 3o. 1977 
REDEEM PROMPTLY • ONE COUPON PER ITEM PURCHASED 

STORE COUPON 
® Save 2oc K & when you buy 6 cans r a t io n ^ 
Ken-L Ration 
.h b e e f 
Canned Dog Food I -LAVOR including at 
*" 
N M 

 a least 2 cans of 
^ new Beef Flavor 

QC81 
COUPON EXPIRES OCTOBER 3 1,19 77 

S T O R E C O U P O N s o c --------------— I ----- 
Save 5oo on 
Sanka’ Brand 
Instant or Freeze-Dried 
Decaffeinated Coffee 

To th* retailer (xeneial foods Oorpoaelion will reimburse 
> -durn al tlx* coupon plus bs lox hendkng a you receive it on the sale OI any 
Senna* thai*) paoduct ana I upon request you submit in d e n t* inetet? salislacloiy lo Genet ai foods Corporator Coupon may not Os assigned oa 
Irens lerred Customer must pay any sales tax Vox) xatie' e or oftibited texaco# lestncredby law Good only in u S A Cash value I 2o* Coupon will not be h a w e d a piesentedtbiough outside agencies brokersor others who ate not relax (attributor* at our merchandise or speci'xsliy sui no dad by ut to present coupons tor .ademption for 'edempl*on ol properly received and handled coupon mat lo General foods Coaptation Coupon Redemption 
O ft** *• O Box 1o3 Kenkahee mmol* 6o9o1 Tho coupon good only on purc hase ol product md* aied Any oiler use constitutes baud 
5oC^ 
Offer expires 6/3o/77 
^5Q*T 
GENERAL FOODS CORPORATION 

DEAR 
CONSUMER: Please don't embarrass your dealer by asking him to redeem these coupons without purchasing the required product. Your dealer must redeem coupons properly in order to be reimbursed. Please remember coupons are good only on the brands specified. Any other use constitutes fraud. BLAIR 
INSERTS, 212/832 6677 

 u s t e r in e 
HO, $1oo or $1,ooo 
Shopping 
Spree from 
Listerine 

Unclaimed prizes will nut be awarded. 

Sy'"' 
-... 
___ 
28,11o chances to win 

Match the color of the “Smiling Face” on the sweepstakes ticket to the color of the “Smiling Faces” on the Listerine ’ display at participating retailers. If you’ve got a match, you’ve won. 
I Match or not, you can still save 15c on Listerine with this coupon. 
>o 

"f 
12oc 

STORE COUPON 
1929 

S a v e 2otv°sN,zE 
Ken-L Ration BURGER w ith 

2<K] 

K art. ration lf* 
BURGER 
*•» LIVER* BACON 
FI AVOR CHUNKS 

 j LIVER & BACON 
I FLAVOR CHUNKS 
OR 
I • Regular Burger 
I • Burger n Egg 
I • Cheese Flavor 
Burger 

6261 
COUPON EXPIRES SEPTEMBER 3o 197? 

31W 
STORE C O U P O N 

St 

 o n y o u r n e x t p u r c h a s e o f 

IE C O U P O N 
IMS P 1 mugs 

M ake W heaties part of your 
PH Y SICA L FITNESS program . 

7o 

C O U P O N E X P IR E S M A R C H 31. 1978 

General Mills 
31W 

J ^ ^ S A V f IOC (IOO 

ON YO UR NEXT PU R C H A SE OF EITHER SIZE 
KEEB LER C O C O A N U T 
KEEBLER 
CHOCOLATE DROP °r RICH'n CHIPS 
COOKIES 

SAVE IOO 

XT F 
Z ests 

 w 
ON YOUR NEXT P U R C H A S E OF K E E B L E R 
£; 

SALTINES 

W ITH J U S T B A K E D 

C R IS P N E S S 

O FFICIA L S W E E P S T A K E S TICK ET 

O ff IC (Ai i U l l i —#o FUKCMAtt N K I I U H 
I la** (Nu tide* to tto I later ma* 
$**— to at few 
I < ttor ma rittoai l f to* (tow af to* "Smiling ee tora tit tot matt tot tto u»M*» af w»f et tto winning "Smiling I mat" a* tto tfttotof. pee ere a emeer af to* p tif m*Kete* Stow pee* mn 
MMC tktot to to* atole manage et toe it#** wtore pa* w.toto «to met** M i i* tto atora meto*e»*a eeme, tto nam* an# tow at* et tow atame. peer « 

 toe Stow**! SfRee 1 
Natfftw'i lima Tar* si St I 
Winner* will to mat'I t o top wieti ktototoitetiy la arrange re4em*tie* et tow** prim 
WI NNI US'-PIMM Foe! Ctoerlp 

JOO Satan* Prue* HOO *toWtf»g M*ae* _ _ 
Niue* 116 atoMHAg w ee * h im ar# ie tto tom e* utort to SIO HOO rn t i OOO wert* of m n k i^ m et tto tim# tpwcifto ee peer aftosa! worn tufa to* ttctot He* mw* ieee TO o/7.ooo entre* mil to *<itfitotto O tot et winning are Grow Pure ae# NI 1,o41.2oo Seton* e rne ane ie 7oo.126. HkmmI Nm# ae# *» OS'J 
Vwfeweto turn** will eel to ama**#* 
o ON awMaa Im tot* a t o to ram. toto to M f l l . I t l l 
Nr tao* M i c tomato tov ttot t o writ net to aarnrto* top 
Im tot ttot ta to goto mutilate* aflare* 

 to am it t o tov to to * * totogmg (ma*** qawtotnt totin g ergeni«tim». wtoae Ae* I* MW*. ere tool tramiaNto^ reiMmg Jto^ant t o it o i at l e e ret#* to re 

Stoa Atole a t. 
Cato _ 

 e t o i l et I tufa *WA»»* et atli Itoner OMI teleeae 

-S te le, 
-/•to- 

8 6 1 9 

I if pee ce*net fie# a iMtonwe S fee^eg Spec pee » *f tojueal tto Beaning itfaetr •*£•»* to writing to 
LMtoriet Stowing Spree litoatratien* to o te e 7 ie j Weatfc .r, Ne* Tori 11 SSI 
A winner wto matotos tot or tor tween**#!** to to ! to en 
•iiwatratiee MCtHvto to mad onto* t*»* enwrniee mwat 
*|w*ffp ae tto awn#?**##** toto* tto sate*tot selling 
I.*it*.f t «tor# tto wtoM will Na m*ee«n# 
Ail raw ae* ta let tto wmmng ii »e*t» atlee* m u* to rete>»e* we et to to # ieee IO i f f 

S ie** sweepitato* n ne** to reagent* el Ha O I t i 
«»e| «i»<Mo'r«ei* ae* tto;* familia* et Warner lam tort «tt 
•MUtoto* retail#*ii agentt«* 
M g mg ingenue*'*" ae* 
{dieter* Vet* ie Miaow** W.*tenstn. anti wherever tile im we tote* s* teat nett* to j*» Hat «**•» wtotof to ah 
F ***< al Stele. ae* total law* tea heft** tip to tto tat*** atoiitg of tto wiener* 

 ft le t a Na* et f IOO aw* t i . OOO m u# wiener*, ae#** a tOWNMft, aaW i t O waat i —etaQl I*: llS ttftttlf Winner, lieai OO ftwa 24oo tom town •rn Veto U M I. atom 
Aet Mat >1, Itn 

STORE COUPON 
1 5 4 ) ) ^ 

" 
Save 154 on 
Listerine 

STORE COUPON 

\ 
STORE COUPON 
1929 

^ 
o 
o 
GROCER! As out agent you may accept this 
( coupon from retail customers it you receive it on the sale of the specified product We will 

 reimburse you tor the face value of this coupon plus 5C for handling Any other use may constitute F laud Prool ol purchase must he submitted upon request This coupon is void ii tared licensed restricted or wherever prohibited by law Consumer must pay any sales tar 
OFFER LIMITED IO ONE 
COUPON PER FJACKAGE 
Send to The Quaker Oats 
Company P O Bor 41o6 
Oak Park Illinois 6o3o3 

COUPON EXPIRES 
SEPTEMBER 3o 197? 

6261 

.LIVER It ACON 
FLAVOR CHUNKS 

31W 
S T O R E C O U P O N 

T O C O N S U M T R 
T h is c o u p o n q o o tl o n ly o n th«» p r o d u c t in d ic a t e d 
O n ly O n a c o u p o n rn d a m n e d p a r p u r c h a s e A n y o t h a r u s a m a y c o n s t it u t a f r a u d 
C o u p o n n o t t r a n s f e r a b le 
TO Ct ROC I H A s o u i ayen I. accept this cou p o n on the pun has*? of th© specified ptoduct General M ill’ w ill terteem each co upon you so accept lo t the face value plus be handim q charge M ail this co upon to General M ills. Inc 
B o * 9oo. 
M inneapolis M in nesota 5 5 46o for led e m p tio n Coupons w ill not be honored if presented th ro u g h thud parties not specifically authorized by us Any atte m p t to redeem this co u p o n otherw ise than as pro vid e d herein shalt constitute fraud 
Invoices proving p u n base w ith in the last 9 o days o f su fficie n t stock to cover coupons presented tot redem ption m ust he m ade available up o n request 

7o 
£ 

V o id w h e r e p r o h ib it e d , lic e n s e d , o r r e g u la te d 
G o o d o n ly in U S A 
C a s h v a lu e 1 /1 o o c e n t. 

C O U P O N E X P IR E S M A R C H 3 1 . 1978 
General Mills. 
31W 

STORE COUPON 

SAVE IOO7 E 
ON YOUR NEXT PURCHASE OF EITHER SIZE 

KEEBLER C O C O AN U T 
KEEBLER 

CHOCOLATE DROPor RlCHnCHIPS 

C O O K IE S 

MR Of AHR fo r prom pt payment send th is coupon to H erbier Company P o Bo* 
I*>9?. Clinton Iowa 52?3? fo r each coupon presented you writ be pa d IOC pius 
SC bandbox provided you and your custom er have complied mn th the term s of this offer 
Any other u!>e constitutes fraud 
Invoices proving you purchased w.thm the last ninety days sufficie nt stock to rover coupon* presented must be shown upon request 
Otey coupons presented by retail d is trib u te r* Of our merchandise * presented Ty others w ill not he honored and w.u ber erne vend when so presented 
The easterner must pay any sate* ta* 
I 
This o ffer void wherever ta re d restricted, prohibited or brens# is required Good onfy in continental U S A Cash value of I 2o of IC 
IOO) 
LIMIT: ONE COUPON PER PURCHASE 
(loo 

: t 

J 
STORE COUPON 
I H 
A 

SAVE IOO not 

IOC 

ON YOUR NEXT PURCHASE OF 

7C Q TA SALT,NE 
KEEBLER Ltd I H CRACKERS 

16 oz size Regular or Unsalted Top 

MR D iA U R : fo r prompt payment send th * coupon to k e e le r Company P o Be* 
I*>92 Clinton 
Iowa 52 /3 ? fo r «a<. h coupe# presented you w ill be pa d IOC plus 
5C hand'ing. provided you and your custom er have rem ptied w-th th# term s of this offer 
Any other use con stitute * fraud 
Invoices proving you purchased w ithin th# last ninety days staffr: tent Ste' * to cover i oopom presented must be shown upon request 
Only coupon* presented by reta il d is trib u te r* of our mereh,jnd se w in be honored Coupons presented by others w ill not be honored 
4 when so presented 
The customer must pay any sales ta* 
Ttes offer vote wherever ta*ed restricted prohibited or license i i qu*<#d Good only in continental U S A Cash value of J 2o of IC 

 be 

LIM IT: ONE COUPON PER PURCHASE 

STORE COUPON 

Ie Th# CNmHw i m ara auteur ir#4 
•cf av ow* ayont fur radamptnw* ®f ten coupe* HS* *•'' 
VOO tov lh* t n t value ©f te*» coupon or it COM 

 re*moues# mo tor tach free feed* plus *>« h**ei.«g fwm*4»4 teat yow ane tee cen«um«r have tom pi .aa vote th# taimi of our coupon attar Vote wh#»a prohibit## tai*# or raatuctad by law 
Good p of If 

 adion, must ba ma#« raUuaU Ottof limit## ir teat (fed product awl 

STORE COUPON 

Dogs Love Liver and Bacon 

These days .mar. shoppe,, everywhere are .ooh,eg lo, new ways .o fight inflation. This newspaper insert has been specialty prepared to help you make the most OI your weekly shopping Ochers. 

" J 
I O 
S * 5 m 
S - J, > 
£• |» g X 

 s 
H s 
=r £ 2. </> j j j 
, 
£ a ti - a 
S s 
• 
"o 5 HI 
OD it KS 31 r a _ ” 

5 S ? 5 
E 
' it 
= 3 3 * 
* 3 a it rn * - a i | 5 g 
-< ST a A 
* 
5 t> ; 
- 2 a 3 n' c “ ■ a 
5 ? I 5 w a - 
J 
V * < S 
6 oi O » 
CZJ - C ^ 
3 * ' O ic a c o ® ' 

2 3 J 

 cr g ic 

 g o ? a . ° 3 

I ? s 
TS 3 5 i i » a 5 5 

( j o f v m c v i y u baby shampoo the only one with no more tears gentleness. 

15*o11 
Carnation Breakfast Bar is always a delicious idea when you're in a hurry Just one crunchy, chocolate^ bar with a glass of milk gives you all the nourishment of a bacon and egg meal Read the label, milk supplies substantial nutrition 

AMAZING *1 OFFER 
PLUS TAKE 4 AS A GIFT! 
JUST FOR YOUR OPINION! 

W e're one of the world's largest nursery specialists . and we desperately need the answers to some of our most puzzling m arket research problems You can help us and we're willing to reward you handsomely for your cooperation! Sim ply fill 
.tut the questionnaire/coupon below, send us your answers, and we ll send you, for just one dollar, our sensational YEAR 
ROUND INDOOR ROSE — a regular $3 OO retail value — PLUS yours as a gift, the 4 other magnificent varieties you see pictured here In other words, 5 of the most glorious indoor plants you've ever laid eyes on . . . a total retail value of up to SIO.OO yours for a mere SI PLUS YOUR 
VALUABLE OPINION Each of the spectacular varieties you see pictured comes to you in its own pre-sown, pre-treated starter pot (the same as used by professional nurserymen and florists). So all you do is add a few sprinkles of water and a little loving care for the most breathtaking display of year round flowering beauty you've ever set eyes upon. Results guaranteed, or your money promptly refunded 

FILL OUT A MAIL THE QUESTIONNAIRE/COUPON BELOW OO IT TODAY! 

SIFT # 4 
HANGING BEGONIA 
(begonia sempiflorans) 
Masses of bloom all year long! 

MAIL THIS MARKET RESEARCH QUESTIONNAIRE/COUPON TODAY 

(Must be returned com pleted to q u a lity fo r GIFT PLANTS) 

Question I . Where de you no rm a lly buy hcuseplsnts? 

Super M arket 
D epartm ent Store 
Hardware Store 
Nursery or F lo rist 

Ouestien I . W hich type of houseplant do you favor m ast ‘ 

Sm all Trees 
H anging P lants 
□ 
W in d o w sill Plants 

Question 3. W hich do you prefer fo r indoor plants? 

Foliage Plants 
F low ering Plants 

Question 4. Do you prefer to grow your indoor plants from 

 seeds or 
[ j c u ttin g s? 

Question 5. I w ould : 
I w ould not [ ba interested in p a rticip a tin g in a further research program you are considering whereby I would receive from you on a m onthly basis FREE houseplants to te st grow and give my opinion 
(S hould I be selected for such a program there would be no o b lig a tio n on my part of course and n a tu ra lly a ll plants you send would be m ine to keep, FREE ) 

63o3-oo2 
Oiv of American 

3/77 
HOUSEPLANTS RESE ARCH B d l 449, Dept 
J H P -9 8 
1o5o Street Road 
S outham pton, PA 1B966 

I have included my com pleted questionnaire 
Please rush me my com ­ plete C olle ctio n — Year 
Round Roses plus the 4 FREE GIFT pre sown, pre-treated va rie tie s pictured above on m oney-back guarantee (except postage & handling) 

1 c o lle c tio n fo r $1 plus 35c postage & handling 

2 co lle c tio n s (IO plants) for only $2 plus 5oC postage & handling 

Total enclosed I . _____________(PA residents add 6% sales ta *) 
Check or money order, no CODS please 

Nam e. 

C ity ----------------- 

Consumer. Inc 

.State. 

.A p t 
# . 

— 
Z ip — 

STORE COUPON 
Save 15C on any size 

■ of (|oftntcn» baby shampoo ■ 

To our Customer Please he < u brand and size ottered Any otto and are rejected by the maniac to your dealer 
To our Dealer •’* t i e - r * de authorized to redeem this coupe 
We will pay the face value pius the consumer have complied w 

 paid by consumer t 2oc Mail coupo 
Terms of Coupon sents that the face 

 coupon poly with the purchase ot the fraud M : r adeemed coupons can be se embarrassment and financial loss 

 redeemed only if you and trees showing purchase of 

 o 

O 
CO 
O 

DMH SON P o Bo* 136o ' 

Size': ed at t 
>upon 

 titer This i is to be ash value 
Ba 52734 ion repre- the brand 
I gang cut ill not be 

1 5 * 

~\ 
STORE COUPON f 
1 5 * 
SAVE 15c on any package of o 
CARNATION 
BREAKFAST 
BAR 
15* 
J 
STORE COUPON 

(■ tm mm mm V A U A Ifl l I BHH) B BbClHb.X — — — 
JACK 

O 
M 
E 
L E 
T 
T 
E t m 

1 / 2 P I C H T : 

Two-egg omelette, served with a toasted 
English m uffin f j fruit jelly 
Three delicious versions Ham & 
Cheese, Double Cheese. & 
Ranchero with salsa 

SE RVED ONEY FOR 
BREAKFAST 
UNTK H a m 
(Jack 

® o x 

 mm mm— Y A M A I U C I BHH) BBH CB IX — — — 

J A 
C 
K 
HI KHI HI r M 
1/2 PK1CE 

A zesty beef and bean filling with cheese, wrap ped in a flour tortilla and deep fried until crispy 
A TASTY 
MEXICAN TREAT' 

M M M V A U A ltl l I BH bib B Bbl IHbX mm mm mm rn 

IMH H EE 
J EM IIH J ACK 
JKH* SPECIAL 

Two I OOT, beef patties fresh tomato slices rings of fresh onion with pickles lettuce and spec ial sauce, served on a sesame seed 

 bun 
DOUBLE 
DELICIOUS' 

STORE COUPON 

 o baby shampoo 

Lim it: o n * pur c h a t* pa r co u p o n . 
C o p y rig h t J o h n s o n A J o h n s o n 1977 
O ff* r a s p ire s o *c. 3 1 .1 9 7 7 

I 
STOR E coy PON 
*fA€K o u E im i:, 
1/2 p ric e ! 

 lo tio n 1% 7«Kje#TPab»« only !hr a d n a t i o n c o u p o n s b o tm honored rf presented thf 

L IM IT O N E C O U P O N P E H P U R C H A S E 
\ 
O F F E R E X P I R E S D E C 3 1 . 1 9 7 7 

‘____ J 
STO RE CO UPO N ~L_ 

✓ 
V A U A B U : H N H ) ( (M HW 
V 
JACK OM ELIjm; si'HLU. 1/2 rititi: 
IM IHIItHTDHY OFFER 

Coupon redeemable at your neighborhood Jack in the Box 
Restaurant thru May 31, 1977 

Coupon not valid in combination 
^ with any other offer. fW a ® 

 mt 
*' 
JACK 
HI Kill I O 
1/2 PRICE 

/ 
V A IA ’AHI J-) H M H ) COUPON 
V 
JACK KI’KIU TO sim iL i/2 non: l.v m o n n io u Y o f f e r 

Coupon redeemable at your neighborhood Jack in the Box 
Restaurant thru May 31. 1977 

Coupon not valid in combination / ^ y r y ' " 
^ with any other offer 
/ 
P c v f 

✓ 
VAIA AHIA: H N H ) I CH IN EV 
DOUBLE 
JI'XKO J ACK 
SPECIAL 99F 
LVTRODrC’TOKY OFFER 
Coupon redeemable at your 
A.1. neighborhood Jack in the Box thru May 31, 1977 
_ 
Coupon not valid in combination 
PCJET 
'N . with any other offer. 
I ak I 

Aavertismg 
Supplement to 
DALLAS 
TIMES 
HERALD 
FT 
WORTH 
STAR 
TELEGRAM 
SAN 
ANTONIO 
EXPRESS 
NEWS 

EXPRESS NEWS 
S u n d a y 

M C C I 
March 27.1977 m a f i a * ! IM* 

# 
Mexico’s West Coast Sunshine 

The peace of La Paz 
La Pa/ is Spanish for “ The Peace," and that is exactly what tourists generally find as they travel into this prosperous resort town on the southeast coast of Baja California del Sur 
It can be said that La Paz is definitely a sea lover's perfect vacation spot. Sandy beaches set far auay from everyday city noise provide peace­ ful. ideal settings and leeway to the many fish ready to be caught in the waters surrounding this fisherman's retreat 
La Paz has been called the world capital of game fishing 
Marlin are plentiful from mid-March through November, sailfish, from late May through November, other b ilit h are best in the summer months; and plenty of yellow tail, bonito, cabrilla, sierra, roosterfish and tuna populate the waters all year 
In fact, more than Bal) species of fish are found hereabouts. 
Fishing cruisers with expert crews can be rented for about $6o, including tackle, bait and ice, for a day that begins at 7 3o a.rn and ends at 4 p rn. 
Allowing an hour's run to and from the fishing grounds permits 5-8 hours of fishing time. Out­ board motorboats with guides run about $25 a day 
You can also rent water skis and ski-tow boats and skin diving equipment. For scuba diving and snorkeling the waters along the shoreline are excellent — in temperature, clarity, and under­ water things-lo see 
Two cruise-liner ferries operate between La Paz and Mazatlan. The gleaming white 34o-foot ship 
“ La Paz” makes the 24o-mile trip in IO hours, with plenty for passengers to do as it is equipped with restaurant, bar, cafeteria, movie theater, and orchestra. 
Staterooms and suites range from $24 to $48, but there are also tourist-class rooms for $1o 
A full-course dinner can tx* had .for under $3 It costs about $4o to ship a car one way. The "L a 
Paz" sails from Mazatlan on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 5 p rn arriving at 9 a.rn the next day. sails from t*a Paz at 5 p m on Wednesday. 
Friday and Sunday. 

BAJA CALIFORNIA coastline near La Pac, M exico. 

A newer ship. the ‘ President^ Diaz Ordaz” makes the trip in 12 hours 
I.a Paz is also linked across the Gulf with 
Topolobampo. a fishing village north of Mazatlan. by the "Salvatierra", a car and passenger ferry that leaves Topolobampo at 9 a rn. on Wednesdays and Fridays, reaching La Paz at 7 3o p in and sailing at IO p rn Thursday and Sunday for the overnight return cruise 
If your luck runs out at sea or if fishing is not your favorite pastime, stay on land and sip 
Margarita* on the Malecon on the dazzling white sands of Coroinuel Beach 
If you had your heart set on tarting part of your great catch but the fish overlooked your bait. La 
Paz can still provide you with a taste of the sea. La 
Paz restaurants keep ample supplies of seafood delights to please even the most discriminating seafood palates 

Puerto 
Vallarta 
Mexico City 

Ixtapa 

.Acapulco 

\ 

Monterrey 

HOTEL ARISTOS at Ixtapa offers b a lc o n ie s an d a rc h e d w in d o w s opening on Pacific coastline. 

Ixtapa on the Gold Coast 

Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo. Mexico's newest resort. t-> ready to welcome visitors from Texas and the 
United States 
Ixtapa is louted on Mexico's Pacific Gold Coast. some 123 miles north of Acapulco aud lo miles northwest of the picturesque fishing village of 
Zihuatanejo The western Sierra Madre mountain range encircles the area 
Like ( anam. Us sister resort iii the Mexican 
Caribbean, Ixtapa has been created aud master- planned by Fonatur, the government trust re- sponsible for developing new resort a re a s on 
Mexico's 6,ooo-mile coastline. 
The resort complex at Ixtapa stretches 24 miles along the pollution tree waters of the Pat un 
It i-. comprised of a series of seven coves, each with its own I >o ach front The annual median temperature at Ktapa is HO degrees, with no extremes of heat or cold 
There are more than 2oo d a y s of total sunshine annually. 
The 228-room, fully air-conditioned Hotel Ans- 
(os-Ixtapa opened in March. 1973 JI was joined last August by the 313-rooin 111 Presidenle Hotel 
Kith hotels are located at Playa Palmar Uach, one of the seven coves 
In neighboring Zihuatuneio Hu n* an* a number of small, colorful hotels perched on a hillside overlooking the bay 
Among them an* tile Hotel 
Calpulli, a bungalow complex offering 7*> rooms; the 28-riHiin Hotel Catalina; the Sit-room Hotel luna. Posada Caracol, wiih 53 rooms and lintel 
Sot a venin, with 44 rooms 

Elliott Murphy: 

Upbeat rock package 

Playback 
Of all Hic really signi­ ficant and enduring con­ tributions which the m u ­ sic reviewers et the na­ tion render to tin* public, th e r e is one w hich towers above all others 
I ani s p e a k in g , of course, of the solemn responsibility of select­ ing a new Hob Dylan. 
Hard as it may be to believe, there are still those who do not appre­ ciate pist what an urgent task this is 
.lust 
Iw'cause the old 
Hob D ylan is only 
5 years old and still in possession of most of his faculties is no reason to put this thing off. 
T h ere are extrem ely strict entrance re q u ire ­ m en ts into the select group of new Dylans 
No one who produces music by hitting himself on the head with table­ sp o o n s will be c o n s i ­ dered. 

/iv cl M i S a l ly 

 new 
Dylan talk 
"You think too hard; you feel too little." 

ONE 
OF THE mal new 
Dylans 
Elliott Murphy No. not the one who 

 orig- was he is sang about that horst* named 
Wildfire that used to run around in the mountains. 
That was 
Michael 
Murphey. Ile didn t ride a horse either That was 
Wild Hill Elliott. 
Elliott Murphy was the exciting rock poet of the early IWTtls whose socio­ logical "Aquashow" and 
• Lost G e n e ra tio n " a l­ b u m s spoke e te r n a l truths that were rem em ­ bered for weeks 
H is new a lb u m is c a lle d ".lu st a Story 
F r o m A m e r ic a " (C o ­ lumbia) and this is ex­ actly what he is 
After you are through being a new Dylan, no one even (withers looking for a new Murphy 
That s okay. T he a l­ bum is a w ell-crafted u p b e a t rock p a c k a g e with words. 

THE SONC* dismisses 
|H*oplc who write iii rid­ dles and audiences that want to Im* led by them. 
Ile concludes at one iwiint that he is all out of those kinds of words and that people “ will have to find their Hods on their own." 
M u rp h y really does play it both w ays. though. Hi* always has. 
He lik e s lo c o m b in e pseudo-m eaningful im a­ gery with light, so m e­ tim e s a lm o s t bouncy rock. 
The title song, ".lust a 
Story from A m erica." is a song of the working class set in a kind of reggae rhythm that is not usually played in w o rk in g c la s s b a r s . 
"S u m m e r House" offers s u b u r b a n s y m b o ls served with P errier and lime. "A nastasia" uses the story of R u s s ia n 
Czar’s daughter to com ­ ment on a ris to c ra c y in general. 
Hut "D rive All Night." the opening song which literally rips open the a lb u m , is ju s t good dnv mg rock and that is the only reason it has to have for being. 
Hey. I inst wrote a line about the reason for be­ 

 ing I think I could be a new Dylan. 

WHEN IT COMES TO te llin g s to r ie s ab o u t 
A m e r ic a . M urphy can never hope to say every­ thing John Denver does just by existing. 

It is no coincidence that John Denver shows up on telev ision about as often as the legendary 
Whiter Wash. (Look at th is aw fu l old ro ck singer who was washed 

 iii r e g u la r d e te r g e n t. 
Yuk 
Now look at this cute little dude who was washed in all-term pera- lure Cheer . . . I 
John has become the 
Perry Como of the 7os. 
Someone had to do it. 
With "Jo h n D enver's 
(n e ates t 
Hits. Vol. 2” 
(RCA), you have your basic repackaging of two y ear old songs You may have even forgotten a few of them like "My 
Sweet Lady." "W elcome to My 
M o rn in g " and 
"This Old G uitar.” 
Then there is "A nnie’s 
Song" iii which she fills up his s e n s e s a g a in . 
M aybe he sh o u ld try 
Dristan. 
The other songs — and that’s all you really need to know about second volumes of greatest hits 
— a r e 
" H a c k 
H o m e 
Again. 
I'hank God I'm a Country Boy." "Like a 
Sad Song," " I 'm Sorry." 
"L o o k in g for S p a c e ." 
"C alypso" and "G ra n d ­ m a's F eath er B ed." 

 the ceilin g and say in g , 
" MI I can say is you’ve got to mooooov e man. 
" I t s s o m e th in g that might look easy. but not m any people can do it," ex p lain s the Sam Hous­ ton High student. 
H e’s obviously rig h t. 
How m an y p e o p le can run across a stage at full sp e e d , hit th e b o a rd s knees-first and go into a funky push-up routine? 
" W e get o u r d a n c e moves from everyplace, 

 even the stuff we do in gym class and things we do when we’re just kid­ d in g around at h o m e,” says Terry Ie Bierria. 
The 13-year-old Pease 
M iddle School stu d en t has taken on the profes­ sional name Rerun since he bears a resem blance to the chubby 
T.V. ch aracter by that name in the series 
"W hat’s 
Happening.” 
Wayne Willis, Eddie’s 
16-year-old brother, also 

 dances with the group. 
For Nathaniel Lewis, a stu d en t at Doric Miller 
E le m e n t a r y 
School, dancing scnoliey-do is the best way someone his age can m ake money for do­ ing what com es natural 
— having fun and getting laughs. 
"A nd when you live in the projects, ‘scoobey-do’ is a whole lot better than r u n n i n g a r o u n d the stre e ts and g ettin g into trouble." he adds. 

TREON EK U X effect to more Paul Simon than 
Boh Dylan. Hut there is really no reason to com ­ pare him to anyone, lh* is a talented rock per­ former all by himself. 
M urphy has a very good rock voice, which is not tilt* same thing as having a good voice. He can make lyrics biting without lieing harsh. 
Oil "Rock Ballad," for instance, he produce* an interesting combination of n o stalg ic ro m a n tic images and an increas­ ingly sarcastic c h o ru s that keeps reminding us that it is all a rock bal­ lad 
One song, "Think Too 
H a r d ." suggests what 
M urphy thinks of the kind u| music that ficuple w ere always trying to pin on hun with all that 
JOHN DENVIR: Vol. 2 

JE ST AS NEA T and clean, but not quite yet an institution, is A m eri­ ca lf you like th e c o u n tr y , you a r e s u p ­ posed to love the band. 
" H a r b o r ’’ 
( W a r n e r 
B ros.) is the group's se- venth a lb u m to s ta r t with the letter " H ." I was expecting this one to 
Ik* nam ed Harold. 
T he a lb u m w as r e ­ corded in Hawaii and tin cover is beautiful. That aboil covers it. I guess. 
Oh yeah, songs. There are some 
T h e re is one called 
"H u rrican e" which also starts with a n t ll. The band does an ’uncanny m utation of a hurricane by s in g in g 
"w o o o o o wooooo” in harmony. 
There is also a happy so u n d in g song c a lle d 
" S e r g e a n t D a r k n e s s ." 
Only America could re­ cord a happy song culled that 
"Slow Down" con­ tains the m essage "Bop shoo whop " 
Don't m ind m e. No s e lf - r e s p e c tin g m u s ic c r itic can e v e r b rin g himself to say anything nice about America Hut that hurricane song says 
" S o m e will be taken. 
S o m e w ill r e m a i n . " 
They will remain. 
-On the Records- 

Top IO Singles 

 c o m m ie i i w u.so*ae m a ^a s u m 
Top IO Albums 

I K H o1*1 — D o - HqH & Jefe* Oo**» 
7 t vt nom u bo. (•• i. S" 
3 D a n c in g Q u i t o t a m 
4 D O N t G o t ut* O n U i 
D o . a i n t l i D O N T It AVI M i I HIS W A * — t S lm o Hov»*G* t b ib tin t A N IA G O 
- S i r . , M.H*| S u n ) 
7 NIGHT M O V tS t o e S rv » ' 
I Tnt (MINGS WI DO IO * iG * t 
- IO cc 
9 I l i l t D fctAMIN 
NOW" 
1 o IC O N H t 'W f fN T W Q t O V l* S 
- M o i, Mo,<j< 

I {AGUS - Howl C arte'".* 
J f lt t lW O O O MAC t^M O vll 
3 
(AM M U S IH IS A N O A M IS M I S I O O M S O n 

S te . i Sa l" 
4 S U V * W O N C H * 
S o .w 4 *" 
O r OC I t e 
I SU v t M HU* SAND 
- *t» CA# A" I CNM t S O S IO N tcii-o " 
J COHN D f N v f t 
- io N i tte " « r i I G .r o N H H H 1 

I K A N SA S 
I r it e , "ll WI* 
9 GI OH GI U N SO N 
In H.*M 
1 o HINK. novo 
A. "WH 

P A G ! 2 
EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M A G AZIN E— M ar. 27, 1977 

A soulful ballet 

New York may be the place for classical ballet, but four kids from 
East Terrace projects might put San 
Antonio on the Danceworld map with their own style of soul ballet called 
"scoobey-do.” 
Known as Tic-Tae-Toe a n d R e ru n , th e t e e n ­ agers have come up with their own dance style by m ix in g m o v es t h e y ’ve seen un T.V. with steps they were doing for kicks on n eighborhood street corners. 
And the way things are ‘ going for the boys, their street dancing days are behind them. 
W hether it s at a poli­ tical rally or local disco- toques, the group consis­ te n tly s te a ls th e show with their choreographed versions of d an ces with nam es like "T h e Dawg" and "T h e Robot.” 
Costum ed like a funky version of the Little Ras­ c als — c o m p le te w ith k n ic k e r s a n d 
B u s te r 
Brown caps — the group c a n ’t h e lp b u t be th e center of attention. 
They hit the stage like fo u r hip ro b o ts w hose controls have been set to re s p o n d only to d isco music. 
All the moves are short a n d c h o p p y . O p e n in g with a bow to the music and T-T-T& R la u n c h e s into its high-energy rou­ tine while keeping a ro­ bot-like stiffness. 
A few m inutes later the boys a re d a n cin g out a com edy skit about kids and cops as the audience responds with shouts of 
“ G et it o n " a n d " A ll- right.” lf most teen-agers tried the sam e thing, it would 

I flop. But this group’s se­ cret is in its m em b e rs ; they a r e n a tu r a l show offs. 
B 's obvious from the way the boys put every­ thing they have into a p e r f o r m a n c e th a t they a r e h a v in g a lm o s t as m uch fun as the sp ecta­ tors. 
Their eyes bulge out at the audience as they go into a series of splits and slid es worthy of a sid e ­ show’s elastic-nian exhi­ bit. v And all th e w h ile th e y ’re w e a rin g e a r to e a r g rin s th at seem to say, " lf there is anybody cooler than us, we’d like to see th em .” 
But "scoobey-do" is a lot m o re th a n ju st fun and good tim e s for the g ro u p . It a lso m e a n s countless hours of p ra c ­ tice to get their routine looking as professional as the ones on telev ision. 
Actually the strong si­ m ila r ity b e tw e e n th e group’s routines and the d a n c e s a ir e d on show s like " A m e r i c a n B a n d ­ sta n d " isn t too s u rp ris­ ing. Television served as th e h o y s ’ d a n c e instructor 
"W e w a tch e d g ro u p s like the Lockers on T.V, and got their moves down bv practicin g and p ra c ­ ticing," says IH-vear-old 
Eddie Willis, the pcncil- lhin leader of the group. 
"T h en we added a lot of th in g s an d c a m e up w ith o u r own a c t , " he 

When asked lo explain Tti>‘ T . it 'T O h a m i H t.H ( A le a d e r E ddie Willi* -how * Iii* fo rm w h at " s c o o b e y - d o ” Is d u rin g a reeeiil p e r fo r m a n c e by lln* -oui ballet d a n ce r* . S em d iey -d o , llu* about, Willis replies by g ro u p * ' ow n ver*ion o f th e iiterea*inglv p o p u la r d a n c e fo rm . i* la-hioiicd rolling his eyes tow ard a lt e r a d * Hie lo u r d a n ce r* pick ed up mostly fro m te le x inioii. 

Richelieu 
The Classics 

 bv Das id Anthony Richelieu 

Pleasant past and the new joke 

This week we h aw the and ugly. Don't got that called “ The («imk1, the *’ 
The fiend is a recut:* elastic of Handel''" V 

■iimkI. as well as the had ennfiised with a movie and the F g ly ." 
Xetrel/Seraphim budget 
• or 
Music and 
Royal 
’Sam son" 

 recording is very Bood. if not the performance is refreshingly 

The Best of San Antonio 
SI.M1AY m a^ axiiio 

RON STRAIT-Editor 

BO X 2171, S A N A N T O N IO , 78 2 97 

225-741 I EXT. 322 
■ION THE COVERTS 

M ex ico s w est co ast sunshine is the 

 topic for to d a y ’s cover. Som e of the most beautiful, and sunniest, beaches in the world ore a short air travel time from San Antonio. 

Tfty it; 
UNUSUAL 
THINGS TO DO A BUY IN SAN 
AREA. 

Fireworks suites anil two overtures — and the one i i i D-Minnr. 
This recording features Sir Malcolm Sargent and the Royal Philharm onic Orchestra. 
Ii was originally released about IO years before 
Sir Malcolm's death iii ion, on Capitol with a dazzling cover featuring a full-color night-time photograph of a spectacular lakeside fireworks display 
The re-released version has a pen and ink drawiiil; of (lentcc Frederick himself. But. that makes no difference, the fireworks are all inside. 
This recording has been reprocessed from 
(lie original, com pensating for technical im- provcments made since stereo first hit the market. 
W hile the outstanding, excellent. 
Sir Malcolm takes the W ater M usic at a slovccr-than-usual but far from sluggish pace that gives a serenity anti majesty to the gorgeous intricac ies of Ibis Handel work. 
Many conductors simply get carried away with the opening Allegro and turn a delightful piece of music into something akin to "The Camptown 
Races 
Not here. This warm , lush, unhurried and perfectly controlled rendition is a real treasure. 
Ditto for the fireworks. 
On our scale of five stars, this offering gets four and a half. This is an outstanding recording featuring both Handed suite's And it's available at a discount price because it's a budget classic. 
Univ the price is cheap, however. The number is 
S-wi-JTH. (let it 
Now for the had and ugly 
They come i i i the form of what h a d a ll the earmarks of an exciting album, but fell through in every respect possible — performance, engineer­ ing, the pressing and even the record jacket. 
It's all bad. 
The winner of this week's Musical Silliness 
\wani is an Ut A Red Seal featuring pianist Todd 
.loselson playing (or was he just practicing?) 
Prokofiev's Visions Fugitives and Mussorgsky’s famed Pictures at an Exhibition. 
.loselson (whom it is rumored can actually play when asked to) presents the most unexciting, unimaginative and completely dull version ut 
Pictures at an Exhibition ever recorded. And that inc ludes three home-made recordings a neighbor of mine made just last week. 
The engineering is equal to the playing — lousy. 
And the pressing sounds like it was run over by a 
New York City transit bus before they pac kaged it. 
There is an audible warp running three-fourths of the way through the' record arid there are so many bizarre sounds (some Use tape running backwards at high speed) you can’t even hear the music. 
T ik i bail. loo. because Visions Fugitives is a marvelous collection of LMI m iniatures. 
Look elsewliecc for a performance, however. 

Street Between Covers 

King W illiam Street is undoubtedly 

 one of the most lovely streets in 
San Antonio. 
N o w the entire street has been 

 captured in watercolors in "C a r o ­ line 
Shelton 
Paints 
King 
W illiam 

S tre e t," a book published by the 
King W illiam Association. 

The book consists of Jap an ese 
M akim o n a fold-out scrolls. 
Each 

 scroll is nine inches by more than 

16 feet. 
O n e scroll depicts the northside of the street with each 

 house from G uenther to St. M a ry s 
Streets. 
The other scroll is the 
Southside of the street. Each scroll can be view ed in book form, page 

 by page, or pulled out for the full length street scene. 

The artist, Caroline Shelton, is 

 well known for her w atercolors. 

She is a member of the faculties of the 
Southw est 
C raft 
Center and 
Trinity University. 

“ C a ro lin e 
S h elto n 
P ain ts 
King W illia m S treet’ ’ / Pub­ lished by the King W illiam 
A ssociation , I 2 2 M a d is o n 
St/$ 2 5 . 
Put It in a Pot 

A ccording to Norm Johnson, the best coffee is the cheapest. 
Johnson owns W h a t s Brew ing, a shop specializing in coffee and tea. He stocks 2o different kinds of coffee beans and 3o different 

 kinds of tea, including herbal teas. 
The prices of the coffees range up to $6 a pound, which is higher 

 than yo u 'd pay for most canned coffee even these days. 
But, 
Johnson is quick to point out, canned coffee contains filler that his 

 coffee beans don t. You use less of his coffee (which he grinds for 

 you), m aking your morning cup of java cost less per cup. 
And if price isn t a consideration, the variety of coffees and teas at his shop are a treat just to smell or for something different from 

 your usual brew. 
W h a t’s Brew ing also sells a com plete line of accessories for making and drinking coffee and tea. 

W hat’s 
Brew ing/5457 
W aliem 
Rd/654-o711 /Mon- 
Sat 1o-8. 

Two Silhouettes on the Shades 

Silhouettes used to be a popular art form. And it s still popular with Jack Kram er. 
Kram er has written 
Silhouettes: H ow to M ake and Use 

Them .’ ’ 
The book contains actu al patterns and how-to instuctions for bringing the V ictorian past-time up to date. 

It also covers silhouettes on glass, "s h a d o w " pictures and 

 three-dimensional sculptures. 

“ Silhouettes: How to M a k e and Use Them/By Jack 
Kram er /Houghton M ifflin C o ./ $ 7 .9 5 . 
; a ^ 

EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— War. 27, 1977 
PAGE 3 

LDCIRDS QGOQRD 

VALERIE ANN JACKSON 
6715 Buena Vista 
MEMORIAL HIGH SCHOOL 
Valerie Ja c k in has to have a lot of pep to keep up va ith her many acti­ vities at Memorial High School. This year alone she is a cheerleader, sec­ ond lieutenant in the i>op squad, member of the Black Culture Club, an­ nual staff, science club, and student senate, and president of the National 
Honor Society and Future Homemakers of America, all while m aintain­ ing an “ A” average. 
But school activities are only one part of Valerie’s busy life. Her days are filled with choir practice at Macedonia Baptist Church, Joske's teen board activities, volunteer work with the American Heart Association, 
March of Dimers youth program, Drug Abuse Central youth program, ushering for the San Antonio Symphony and modeling. 
The daughter of Mrs. Ida Green received awards in French, English and world geography, and was nominated for a National Honor Society scholarship. She previously served as vice president of FUA, parliamen­ tarian of the st udent senate and on the Memorial track team. 
Valerie was a nominee for Miss Optimist, one of l r> finalists in the Miss 
Teen of Texas pageant and represented the Black Culture Club and Me­ morial's journalism staff for the school Sweetheart Queen contest. 
Although she has been accepted by three colleges, Valerie has decided to study communications or teaching at the University of Houston. She enjoys skating, singing, dancing, crocheting, reading and poetry. She will soon tx honored by the Optimist Club of 
San Antonio for her achievements. 

CONGRATULATIONS 
M tmti 

M G I 4 fXMHS NUM MINDA V MAG AZMI— Mar. 27, 1977 

Porcelain, tureens 
Witte lecture topic 

In conjunction with the exhi­ bition of soup tureens and serv­ ing pieces at the Witte Museum from the Cam pbell M useum 
C ollection, 
C arl 
C h ristian 
Dauterman, curator emeritus of the 
M etropolitan 
M useum , 
New York, has been invited to lecture at the Witte on the sub­ ject of 18th and 19th century porcelain factories and the tur­ eens they produced for Europe's crowned heads. 

The lecture will begin at 6:3o p.m. 

March SI. in the Activity Gallery at the 

Vt Ute, .{KHI Broadw ay. Adm ission is 

 free 

Dauterman is internationally known 

 as a w l iter aud lecturer on the subjects 

 of European and Am erican decorative 

 arts. 

He is a frequent m ust lecturer at 

 museum'- throughout the United States 

 and at leading forums for collectors, 

Dauterman has authored four books, including the catalo g u es of the M etro­ 

 politan’s VV nghtsinaii and Kress C ol­ lection 

His lecture will include anecdotes 

 about the fam ous p erso nalities fur 

 whom certain tureens were made, and 

 the character traits which influenced 

 tureen designer- lo create a certain 

 st> Ie or pattern 

The d istin g u ish e d p o rce la in fa c ­ 

 tories of M eisse n , N y m p h e n b u rg . 

Chelsea, and the Orient w ill be d is ­ 

 cussed 

TUREEN from Campbell Soup tureen collection is among featured pieces currently on exhibit at Witte Museum, 
38o1 Broadway. 

North Star Mall 

BUGS BUNNY 
LIVE-IN PERSON 
IN THE GRANDCOURT 
MARCH 31, APRIL 1&2 
SHOWTIMES: 
2:oo— 3:oo— 4:oo p.m. 

NE Loop 41o, San Pedto at MrCutiouqh 
(5121 342 232C 

LLLl.________________ 
_ 

Recording biz is 

\ m w I ’ -cont cuniint- m oral iv stam p hailing a 
I rut tirv ut progress in sennit reel'n! i ut; was is siii'il mi M arch 23 in V\ c sliu m tn n . I m 
. d u rin g 
(tic 9th Annual Cultural 
W a r d D inner of the He- c o n iu m 
In d u s tr ie s id 
\m ericu 
T h e stam p depicts a stylized concept ut early sound re co rd in g equip merit 
' ‘ C S A Cl c e n ts ” a p ­ pears i i i the upper right corner of the design 
\cross the Case of the record lim device, i i i a banner form at, appears the inscription “ C enten­ n ia l of Sound Record- n m ." 
The colors are brow ti. yellow and black 
Here are the two ways c o lle c to rs can o b ta in their first day of issue cancellations 
I 
Pu rch ase your own stamps at your Im al post office and affix them lo y o u r ow n e n v e lo p e s 
Stam ps should Ik* i i i the upper rifciht corner 
R e ­ turn addresses should In- placed low and well to the left. Fo rw ard the en­ velopes to “ F ir s t 
Day 
C a n cellatio n s, P o s tm a s ­ ter. W a s h in g to n , D C. 
‘in n e r' for cancellation 
No r e m itta n c e is r e ­ quired but m ail them no later than A p ril 7 
2. 
M a il your request and envelo|>e for the first day stam p with can cel­ lation to “ Sound Record ­ ing Stam p. Postm aster. 
W ashington D C . 29o13." 
Furioso a I .'{-cent money order, not cash. for the stam p 
O rders must tie postm arked no later than 
\pril 7 
R e c o r d in g in d u s try people claim that sound recording was born Rtf* years ago and tins new stam p points to the d ra ­ m atic developm ents i i i recording techniques and equipm ent from the e a r­ liest tin foil m achine to today's sophisticated re ­ cords and tufies 
Illu s tra te d stories of interest to new and ve­ teran collectors alike are fea tu re d i i i the latest ed itio n of the M in im s 
Q u a rte rly Stam p J o u r ­ nal 
T h e lead story te lls about the S ilve r Ju b ile e of Q ueen E liz a b e th ll issues from m ore than 4h co u n trie s and colonies m aking up the B ritis h 
C o m m o n w e a lth of N a ­ tions 
An unusual yarn con­ c e rn s its e lf w ith the am using postal system set up by Genghis Khan in the 12th century 
Topical collectors w ill appreciate the illustrated pages devoted to Collis oil Stam ps, Butterflies on 
Stam p s and D oves on 
Stam ps — the s> minds of peace 
A special story on how to p h o to g ra p h yo u r stam ps can I*- of help to philatelists who are pho­ tographers as well 
Since 1977 is tilt C h in ­ ese " Y e a r of the S n ak e ," 
Bong Kong has issued two new stam ps i i i 
I r i- bute Iii the New 
S cai 
F e stiva l 
Both stam ps depict a snake entwined around a tree branch 

The in s c rip tio n ben­ eath the illustratio n is 
“ Lunar New Year lit Fe* bruary 1977' in En g lish 

 featured topic 
Stamps 

F ro m A s s o c ia t e d P re ss 

 and < hineso 
T ris ta n da Cunha i i i the South A tlantic is one of the loneliest islands in the world 
F ro m tim e to tim e it issues va rio u s stam ps show ing scenes of the island 
But T ristan da Cunha received global attention 

 i i i 19H1 w itll the news that 

 the volcano, nucleus oi tfit* island, had erupted and that the islan d ers were being speedily e v a ­ cuated 
They settled briefly in 
Fngland but returned to their home island i i i 199.5 and 19ti-f w hen if vv o safe again 
Now we have ret etved 

JOSKE'S 
TEEN-BOARD 
TRY-OUTS 

P r e lim in a r y J u d g in g 
S atu rd ay, A pril 2 
Josk e's D ow ntow n Store 
Behind the Toy 
Department 

If you are currently a sophomore or junior in an accredited San 
Antonio high school, try out for 
Joske's Teen Board. If you're se­ lected to represent your school, you will model in loske's Junior 
Fashion shows, attend monthly 
Board meetings, receive the lat­ est fashion information and par­ ticipate in service projects, com­ peting during the year and in 
May of next year for the 1978 
Miss Teena Texas title 

Pick up an application blank in the Junior Departm ent of any 
Joske's San Antonio store Fill it out completely, attach a recent photograph, then bring it with you to the preliminary judging at 
Joske's Downtown Store on Sat­ urday, April 2 at the following times: 

Last name A through M 
1o:3o a.m. 
Last name N through Z 
2:3o p m 

Applicants are judged on poise, grooming and overall ap pear­ ance, personality, activities, hon­ ors and scholastic record 

Finalists will be notified by mail and must be present for final judging and interview on Satur­ day, April 16, Joske's Downtown 
Store, 

J O S K E 'S 
«■* A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

 four a ttra c tiv e -damps from T ristan da Cunha based on artist Roland 
Svensso n ’s sketches en ­ titled “ An A rtist's View ut T ristan da <'unha.” 
The 3-pence depicts a 
T ris ta n cottag e, stone- built with thatched roofs 
The 5-p illustrates “ The 
B a tch e s," the cultivated potato gardens adjacent to nearly every house 
T h e l o p sh o w s the 
T rista n settlem ent and cliff. 
T ile 2o-p features Huts on N ightingale Island. 

♦ O R C H ID S * c o 
------ — v- 
O 
D 
O§ 
C l . 

 y- 
-Z 
< 
- J 
CX- 

* POTS A1 

O O R T ‘R S T C fto P C P SPRVNGr... 
T . 
....HERAS m n 
Se v e r a l v a r i e t i e s ....IgCuiDiRCr 

 t A ‘NTS...S>C£LM T£.D (H -W A N vO V A S 
H e r b s f o r c o o k a n ’... s a c h e t s ... 
JtLci- v £-S-»• C A T M V E, 
TEAS ANO KxKH>f OTHERS/ 

O +b&OH W EST AME-.* 5 -n -S 8 2 M o (tN 7 OATS*. 

I i ut*ii iqiM ifaanni mnxnirtfiiriimini' - innTwioianrrirfTiiTtilif” ' ” 

KIDS! 
ENTER OUR EASTER 
COLORING CONTEST 

Ages 6 to IO may enter, and entries must be received by W ednesday A p ril 6 Bring your entry to the C hildren s Department af your nearest Joske's store, or mail it to 
Joske's Sp ecial Events Office, P O Box 961, San Antonio, Texas. 78294 

N am e............................................................................................................... 
Address .......................................................................................................... 
City .............................................................. Zip..............Phone................. 

A ge.............S ch o o l......................................................................................... 

Parents' K a m e ................................................................................................ 

A ll entries w ill be exhibited Friday, A pril 8 and Saturday, April 9 come in and vote for your favorite1 The winner in each store receives a $1oo JO S K E 'S G IF T C E R T IF I­ 
C A T E ! (Entries received by mail will be exhibited Downtown Extra entry forms are available in the C hildren's Departments, all stores Children of Joske s employees not elig ib le ) 

J O S K E ' S 

B O A UNIT OF ALLIED STOPE3 

* fX W R SSN fW S SUND AT M A G A Z IN E Men. 27, 1977 
PA C I S 

K l I l l O P K 

V i M 
S '* r i l A I I T K I K S 
A 1)2 
' 
LOW COST SPRING & 
SUMMER CHARTERS 

LAS 

VEGAS 

G*ftiCf 

•putt 

B R IA N D 

MAKE RESERVATIONS NO W ! 
FOR INFORMATION ON All CHARTERS 
CALL (512) 828-81o1 
W o rld T rtiv cl 

C c a 
1 c r * 53o8 BROADWAY 

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 782o9 
828-81o1 

M exico’s s u n — and Sots 

M a p u lc o 
Splendid weather rum 
Huthiii'-r ■'Ult ila>s Shun 
-deev e n iyh ls In rainless 

K ra i! K arrx lio lm i- o n . a M an fo r 

MI Sra^ o iix 

11 > . i 1 >.i ll. I o m iI i.i II. II.i - h i i I ».t ll I 

 in the S a n A n to n io E x p re ss 

W.H.O.T.S. 
THE WAY TO 
TRAVEL. . . 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
TO 
AMS/LONDON 
JUNE 6 

$429° ° 

— CALL TODAY— 
826-9623 

WINDSOR HOI SE 
OF TR WEI. 

IN 
THE YARD 

533S M cCu ll o u g h 

\\ cs! 
I oast fo u n t iv , w e've been rationed In one-minute showers nin e a d a y . 
Mere we can turn on the tap and stand nuder it all day ll we waul 
People Iron) the frozen 
M idw est and 
Hast peel down to shorts — the 
In st tim e I hey vc felt sun nil t h e ir b o d ie s iii months. 
O verhead i i i Hie M ew can sky 
— the euler ut washed L e v i- — a tourist 

C A LL 736-4691 

 is b u lly in g un a re d , w h ite and b lu e p a r a ­ chute 
P e o p le actu ally 
P A V to do th is 
(I wouldn't do it even if you 
•_:ave me flight pay ) 
T h e fo rw a rd m o v e ­ ment of the tow boat pulls the chute high in the sky 
\s he slows the buat d o w n , you flo at 
• low ii — slow Iv 
They are n o lle e x p e rt. 
U s u a lly land you nu the* beach rather than the water. 
“ W e 'v e heard several sto rie s about 
R u s s ia n cruise slops 
I was un the '<)dessa“ 

SEE THE 
ORIENT 
$1,476 

%an Anionic 

Depot tu<e 

Stiemf 15 days accumulating a life time of memories hi tokyo Wok one 
Kyoto, taipei and Hong Kong Cost includes tianspoitation tunny hotels dinners and Amel nan bleak fasts daily Choose between two escorted tie papules May 7 and 
Nos 5 

W ORLD 
W ID E ti e e l ogenc) 

HAWAIIAN 
HOSPITALITY 77 

8 DAYS/7 NIGHTS 

323 Vpencei 

Jackson TVavel Agency, tic . P resen ts: 

FRO M D A LLA S/FO R T W O RTH 
EUROPE-1977 Hawaii 

Escorted Tours 
H EA RT OF EU RO PE 
GRA N D TO UR • B R IT ISH IS LE S 
SC A N D IN A V IA AND B R IT ISH IS L E S 
Multiple Departures June 3 to Sept. 15 
From$1299 

Featuring First Class and Deluxe 
Hotels • Breakfast and Dinner d a ily 
Plus Lunches when travel mg 
Full Program of Sightseeing 

16 to 22 days of pleasure 

AD VA N C ED BO O KIN G 
Charters 

Transportation Only 
$4A9 

Inclu din g T a* 

Fourteen flights from 
June 3 to September I 5 
16-22 days of pleasure via World Airways DC-8 
I# World Airways 

For information or descriptive brochure, contact your travel agent or 

JA C KSO N T R A V E L 
AG EN C Y, INC. 
P O. Box 66oo 
Dept. L 
Tyler, TX 7571 1 

214 597 1187 

Ll European Tour 
O ABC Transportation Only 
□ Heart of Hawaii 

N#* t 

HEAR I OE 
HAWAII 

8 DAYS. 7 N IGH TS 
Monthly Departures 
“Waikiki Spree’ 
*437 to S552 

Beachfront Hotels Only 

• Holiday Inn 
•Sheraton Warkiki 
•Hyatt Regency 
“Three Island 

F liiik T 

S612 to S678 
•visiting Oahu, Kauai and Hawaii 

City 
Z n 

USM 

For Inform ation O r Reservations On Jackson Travel Program s 
Contact 
USAA TRAVEL AGENCY 
69o-3245 
USAA Building, 9 8 o o Fredericksburg Rd., San Antonio, Tx. 7 8 2 8 8 

 of w a te r 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

,i your ayu. * hic week cruise (lowii as far a> 
Belize (B ritis h llnhdur a s ). 
( hist 
Sob a day 
N early all tither C a rib ­ 

 bean c ru is e ships are running close to Sinh 
Fund w as just fa ir 
Service was w illing bul not experienced 
P o rts w ere (IN I d say ii tither cruise ships are charging 
SKH) a day. tins was Sob worth. 
A few weeks attn I wen! to a party aboard the 
M ik h a il Lerm o n to v in 

Sun Francisco 
This ship is carry I in; tint! passengers to Xii*- 
•tralia via Veapuleo. T a ­ hiti and Rarotonga 
\r- rived in San Francisco w ith a load of 
Mist ita­ lians 

MI headed ashore to yet m yself a Int; bloody 

 steak 

A ll co m p la in e d that the food was mostly ve­ getables 
"A n d fried al 

 th at." 

“ N ever lie able to look at fried cabbage attain ii i me life. m ate." 

Ship was clean. Bo om s 

 rather sm all and some hail a pull-down third lied ll anybody stands up, the oilier two have to yet into bed. 

B a r prices lower than most cruise ships: Vodka till ce n ts . 
S c o tc h , 
4b cents. 

Press party was served 

 c a v ia r on 
R itz 
I ' ) crackers. Russian must have something going for 
Ritz crackers 
They did the sam e tinny on the 
< klessa. 

Ru ssian cru ise ships 

 do N< >T s r rv e cav ta r every n iy h t by any means ( inly at press and travel ayen! parties 
A ustralian s said I hey 
N K Y K K saw c a v ia r “ ex rcpt III tills ill the s h ip s 

 sh o p ’ 
Msit com plained the ship w a s constantly running out of beer. 
Mi Mist m ilan is fueled with beer T ak e away In^ beer aud h e's im m o b i­ 

 lized 

I d say the R u s s ia n sh ip s a re not lu x u ry cruises bul you yet a com fortable ride for the lowest prices yoiuy 

\dded advantage. You don't lip on 
R u s s ia n ships 
Av cl a y e tip on most cruise ships is S3 a day. That m eans $(> a couple 
\ shakedow n 
I think i> outrageous when you re pay m y $2oo a day for the rub*. 
• 
H o w e v e r, my c a m ­ panili yets nowhere ex­ cept som e p lain tive let­ ters from the cruise lines that “ tipping is not o b li­ g ato ry . 
I t s m e re ly w h e th e r yo u w is h lo reward your stew ards for th e ir coil H oop s h e lp .' 
(L e tte rs like this only make m e m adder I 

I asked the R u ssia n steward if the room I saw w as fir s t- c la s s o r s e ­ cond-class 

“ No c la s s tin Sov let sheep i eg ) he sa id s h a rp ly . 
( I n te ro s i m y way ol putt m y it I 

Very unusual lo find som ebody w ho sp e ak s 
F u l l i s h . 
O N L Y th e 
P u rse r s|>oke K n ylisli oil the Odessa. 
You won I learn any Stale s o r e ls 

FAG! 6 
EXPRESS-NCWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mar. 71, 1977 

The $29.5o 
''Lakeway Escape" 

Special low rate of $2*4.5o per person per day. double occupancy. includes 
• Accommodations overlooking 
I ake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choile ot M e n u ) 
• Lunch IC hoke of Menu) 
• W elcom ing C c c Mail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horsehdi k Riding 
• Boating— water skiing sailing and fishing boats 
C hildren under lh hall price if occupying same room with parents 
Minimum two-day stay la* and gratuitv not included 

For reservations call 261-66oo 

Irvrv A R e s o rt 

1o1 Lakeway Drive* Austin. Texas 7£734 

Johnny Rodriguez as an actor 

NASHVILLE',, Ton ti - 
Johnny R odriguez has signed to make Ins dra­ m atic debut as a moxie actor. The yourn* Tex- 
Mex singer w ill |>ortra\ the title role i i i “ J e s s e . " which starts shooting in 
Texas in m id-A pril 
" It s a ( ’.-rated stor> about a young modern man growing up in the 
Southwest,” reports Ro­ driguez. " I don't know who else w ill be cast for parts, but if anybody 

 a s k s me for advice about my leading lady. I ll re­ commend my w ife ." 
W ord aro un d local 
Music Kow is the 
K r is 
K ris to ffe rs o n and his w ife songstress 

Nashville Sound 

By RED O DONNELL 
Coolidge are expecting an addition to their fa- mily in September. 
ICH be the second for tin- Knstoffersons. They are p a rents of a daughter. Casey. 
Barbara Mandrell has re tu rn e d fro m a 
Kl-concert tour of Saudi 
Arabia, the first country music act ever to appeal in that land (of more than S m illio n people I that is three tim es as large as Texas. 
" It was more than I 
K ita anticipated.’’ said the 

JOHNNY RODRIGUEZ: Acting career 

ALPINE 
CHARTER 
$959 
Depart June 4 for a tabu lous 16-day tour to the 
Swiss. Austrian and Gee man Alps Price includes round trip air. first class hotels, breakfast daily. 
Sightseeing and more' 

WORLD 
W ID E 
o9*o 

 pretty blonde singer 
" I didn't expect to find thai gasoline (premium is all they sell I sold for 14 cents a gallon and bot tied drinking water for fu cents a gallon. 
" I also found out that when a Moslem husband wants to divorce one of the four wives he is per­ m itted. all he has lo do is recite to her. ‘I divorce you. I divorce you. I d i­ vorce you.' (Why he h a s to say it three times in­ stead of once — or maybe ten limes, I don't know) 
. 
"O ver there I saw tents w ith TV antennas on them — and with expen­ sive cars — Cadillacs and Mercedes — parked near the tents." 
M a n d r ill said her shows were well received although 73 per cent un­ derstood the language. 
"The radio stations." she reported, "play our 
N a shville and country recordings.” 
The lo c a lly film e d 
CBS-TVx “ Nashville 99" pelice-adveilture series debuts A pril I (No foo­ lin ’ ). and airs on three successive Fridays. 
The show, repla cing 
“ Sonny & C h e r," co­ stars J e rry Reed and 
Claude Akins and fea­ tures Charley Pride. 
Along the episodic way 
Chet 
A tk in s , T am m y 
Wynette and Jacky W ard appear in guest-starring roles. . . It is the first d ra m a tic ven tu re fo r 
Chester B. Atkins, who is tellin g friends — w ith ton gue -in-ch ee k. of course — that “ soon as that segment is shown 
PII be bounded by Hol­ lyw oo d m ovie ta le n t agents to sign contracts. 
I won’t, though. I’m go­ ing to stick to picking and grinning.” 
R uth 
B uzzi 
— re ­ 

 m em ber her fro m l.augh-ln where sin- was tho dowdy-dressed, bag­ lik e w re tch who c lo b ­ bered Arte Johnson with an oversize handbag? — has been in town p ro­ moting her recording of 
"You Ought to 11 cair the 
Song." and taping guest stalls on locally produced sn min uted TV shows. 
" I ’ve been here ll) day s and if I stay Iii m ore." said Kuthie. "PU be as country as Loretta Lynn 
“ Whatever. I consider myself a country singer and the song I sing on the recording is definitely cou ntry. Al least I ’ve called m ore than IOO dee-jays on the phone to tell them it is ’ ’ 
Some of the local 
"good ole boys" were discussing the billings of their shows around the country and Pull Ander­ son said the oddest bitting he ever saw read: 
"S tarring B ill Anderson, 
Jan Howard, Jim m y (la ­ tely and Three M ore." 
B ill added: " I am trying 
Iii rem em ber who (he 
Three More’ were — but can’t.” 
Kenny 
R ogers, the raspy-voiced entertainer, whose sin g le of 
"L u c ille " rates as one of 
1977’ s most popular to date, began his vocaliz­ ing as a choir boy in 
Texas. 
Rogers, one of eight children born to Houston. 
Texas’ bedward and I ai­ el Ile R ogers, re c a lls : 

Samplings of delicious oysters on the hatf-shell, special crab stuffed mushrooms, Brandy Alexanders, tempting chicken-broccoil casserole, bits of filet mignon with a delightful Royal Oaks sauce, pan dulce, champagne, strawberry daiquiris, mouth-watering barbecued ribs and barbecued sausage on a stick, 
Margaritas, special flaquitos and flautas, assorted plates of hors cf oeuvre#, pizza of al) varieties, chill, 
Pins Calados, special chicken, delicious wine, 
Tequila Sunrises, and much, much more ... all part of the annual 

TASTES OF THE TOWN 
Presented by 
SAN ANTONIO RESTAURANT ASSOCIATION 

Aprils 
Banquet Hall — Convention Center 

Food Tasting 
7 
Dancing 
9 
9:3o pm 
Midnight 

Tickets: $12.5o per person at Participating Restaurants 
Joske’s, Wards 
Major Ticket Headquarters throughout the city. 

Ihe fam ily n iu a l of singing ui the cfi*iir wa> how 
I discovered how much I enjoy m usic." 
Johnny Cash owns a loo aero farm about :)> m ile s fro m N a s h v ille w till a house on it that daU*s ba* k to I SJI 
" F ie r y ro o m ." says 
J o h n n y. “ is equipped with a wood-burning fireplace We were there during some of w inter’s coldest spells — bul had no energy problems We had fires going in every room ." 
(ash adds 
"WY* use the farm for our 'get- aw ay from -it a lt’ place 
It's a retreat to get back to nature and the land — without really farm in g." 
Danny Davis of Nash­ ville Brass fame under­ went hernia operation bul that didn't sideline him. Danny Ii. y is lead­ ing his "B ra ss" at con­ certs — xx hi It- seated in a wheel chain 
D idja know that Del 
Reeves’ pet peeve is 
“ people who ju m p at conclusions." A ctually, ttiat is the zany Del s pet peeve but he didn’t r e s is t, w h im s ic a lly ad ding, 
"Once a friend of mine jumped at a conclusion. missed it. fell aud broke 
Ins ankle." 
M usic publisher Jim 
Felton’s opinion “ Sonny 
J a m e s’ re c o rd in g of 
‘ Y o u 're 
Free to Go' should In* No 
I at all p riso n s, ja ils , hoose­ gows. lockups, etc." 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update ... 
Music for the City 
FREE CONCERTS 
In cooperation with the 
Parke and Recreation Dept. 
City of San Antonio 
Wednesday, March 3 o 1 
11:45 am — Travis Park 
An Hour with the Strausses' 
HARVEY BISKIN 
Conducting 

Friday, April I 
11:45 — Travis Park 
Fun Music for April Fool’s Day’ 
HARVEY BISKIN 
Conducting 

Saturday, April 2 
7:3o pm — Carver Center 
226 N. Hackberry 
“Jazz in the Spring" 
HARVEY GARBER 
Conducting 
D O N ALBERT 
Jazz Trumpet Soloist 

Sunday, April 3 
7.3o pm — Brackenridge Park 
Sunken Garden Theater 
"A Spring Symphony” 
HARVEY GARBER 
Conducting 

RUTH BUZZI: As country as Loretta? 

ALASKA 
CRUISE-TOUR 

^ 
4 
C ^ o n A n to n io 
■ y I , / / J o*portOT 
Go ninth AAA Jon* 2? oh i 13.lay cruise lour of Amene* s last frontier Cruise toe Insile Pas sa ii; aboard the luaunous MS Monarch 
S ta r. then visit Whitehorse 
Fairbanks. Kotzebue 8 ^ Nome and Glacier 8 iy Price includes transportation first class hotels, sightseeing and all meats aboard 

StMp 
•P a n a m a --Mi n e .ti, 

WORLD 
WIDE trave# agen* # 
J 

373 Spencer lane 

MEXICO 
FIESTA 
(h C ^ Q San Antonio 
J J O f Departure 
Go Kith AAA on I } da, escorted tout «tnm features one of Nortti 
Ame,, i i most dramatic tram odes th sd Chihuahua City tm Hor hr. 
Marana’ and GuadaUpm f ir e includes transportation hotels 
•kpttsaeidg and most m n-, ten degartum May I and Get ?8 

I 
W O R L O 
WIDA no,.* 

 r n Spent* U M 

Yu? 

.... ti|n»t.«,.... I' 

Going to Europe? 
Lose the group, but not the group rate. 

American Express will show you how. 

Rome Florence/ Venice 
15 Days, 828.-* 1o18. 

A irfare extra. American Express* shows you 
Italy. First-class or superior tourist hotels for 
I ) nights. Special discounts in Rom e, the 

 artistry of Florence, Venice. Daily 
C ontinental breakfast. Rates per person, double occupancy. 

Send me more information on 

Express-News Wont Ads 225-1664 

1 .1 JU .-A 

S . in. 

A J l u , 
CV*. St,tie 

7*1 

 fXPRISS NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mar. 27, 1977 
PAG* 7 

Facing up 

 to fab work 

MI Mi In t things Im• in e q u a l, it helps lo know what you are doing. 
II you semi your film oil lo Im- proceseed, it helps to know what your lab is dom” . 
Color labs are blossoming all over the country. 
Each month two or three new ones bloom in the amateur literature. Some of these are excellent. 
One of the most competitive industries iii the country, photnfinishing l a b s work on marginal profits. I ii an effort to compete, many of these labs product* miserable results. 
No \ irginia. all labs are not equal. 
Take slide processing — the rigid process for developing slides is as firmly set as a ballet 
But will) all tlx* variables iii film development, discussed iii Photo Tips two weeks ago. no two labs will produce exactly the same co lo r 
Prices for development n! M exposures of ikon rn 
Kktaehrome range from a low of about $1.5o to a not unreasonable &.Y 15 tor work I rom a top color lab. 

PRICK IS NOT K\ KRYTHIMi. lf a lab charges only a dollar and a half lint the results are not dependable or the colors are washed out. this could be the most expensive processing available, lf a lab produces outstanding color and completely dependable results for only three dollars a roll, your spending more is senseless. 
Too bad somebody doesn t rank film processing labs May bi* by one. two or three stars 
The only way to find a lab that will turn out the results you want is to try them for yourself. 
Kaelt photographer has Ins own requirements. 
Some people shoot great amounts of film with very tight bracketing. 
For them an expensive lab might make photo­ graphic cost prohibitive and quarter and hah stop bracketing will go a long way toward smoothing out a lab s inconsistency 

SPF Kl) IS KSSK VITAL TI) SOME 
Four hour processing is available iii 
\ustin and Dallas at slight additional cost. 
Deep color saturation is a normal thing with some labs while others regularly deliver more pastel looking slides, lf you don't like the results one lab is producing, try another. 
Color printing is even more noticably variable 
Many labs speciali/mg in color printing adver­ tise themselves as serving the professional m ar­ ket 
This is supposed In mean something but seldom does 
It is easy lo find out if the claim is true Send in a roll of 211 ex|s»sure Vericolor ll or Kodacolor ll. 
When the film and prints collie back, look at the negatives lf they are individually sleeved, the lab eaters to professionals. 
Amaterus often accept the :l-»2 \ 5-inch "proofs" as finished filial prints. They are not concerned with negatives after th is firs t print is made. 
Processors generally return their negatives dirty and gtingy. all slacked together iii a single 
Cliv elope 

PROFESSION U.S CANNOT ACCEPT this hap hazard treatment of negatives. They generally must make an H-by-lb-inch or larger enlargement from these negatives after chocking the proofs 
As with slides there is great difference iii cost, quality and sliced of negative development. The only guide is testing to find one that suits your particular needs. 
Testing labs can Im* extensive — particularly if you settle on one that charges so little a*, to go out of b u s in e s s ut a few months ll you find a good lab that |>cr feet Iv suits your need. any reasonable cost is cheap 
Buy 2o rolls of 2h-cxposurc slide film and '.'ti rolls of ‘iU-exposiirc prim film. Fact) roll in these 2o rolls packs should have the same emulsion number. Pick a day with few clouds and plan to work from Kl a ut. to 2 p.m. Plan to work last because -UMI frames takes a lot of excising 
The idea o! this test is to expose all 2o rolls on exactly the saute subject with the same exposures and same lighting. 
Enlist a friend as a model Make five random exposures at the m anufacturers recommended exposure split the five between inside and outside bul all with available light. Make five shots of the model outdoors aud bracket. W ith print him make shots two stops under, then one stop under, right on. one and two stops over. 
Have the model hold up fingers for each expo­ sure and record what is what. Record keeping is essential 
In the htlu r hand have the model hold a color key 

Photo Tips 

I It ST lo endure p h oto con sisten cy is ea»\ t o do bol ill lak e som e p re p a ra tio n and a Milling m od el. M ere Tori K u cd rirk holds tost strips io 
•me band and th ree lin g ers up in the o ilie r »o that the p h o to g rap h er can ch eck ton al q u a­ lities am i h av e a read y e x p o s u r e n u m b er 
Million! lo o m uch b oo k w o rk . 

 and grey scale I available from any large camera store for about five dollars). 
Make the same series ut five exposures indoors with flash 
Leave five frames blank. 
Pick tuit 2o labs and send til** film tune roll to 
•ach lab) mallet) the same day . Keep a list of which labs are (icing tested. 
On the list note (lie date each roll is returned and mark the back of each picture with a m ark to indicate which picture came from which lab 
With everything back. judge the print quality. check the s|x*ed anti the cost Did the lab credit you for the five blank frames? Did they send a rebate or a credit memo? 
Do the same with slides but bracket in half-stop increm ents In-cause transparency Dim doesn t have the latitude of print film. 
Don't expect a re bult* for film not exposed, It costs the tai) as much to develop a blank roll as one with all frames exposed 
With tins text completed, you will have all the information needed to make an intelligent choice of your phniofmistier. 
Be loyal 
Xx they develop and print for your particular needs you will liegni to expoxe for their type of lab work. l ins can be an excellent a r­ rangement 
(■et to know xomeniK* at tile lab whom you can call if you have a particular problem or want something done in a certain way 
A good lab ix like having your own darkroom workers tv ring to complete your assignments. 
I don’t hesitate to call Johnny Majors at Meisel 
Photochrome when I have a special request or need advice. I recognize the lab as being the final hall of the creative process — the half that the public doesn't sts* but produces the product that m ain­ tains my reputation. 

Monster schlock 

G ood fairies ain’t what they used to be 

Aux oho w h o 's h e rn excited by the glow mg animated fairy tales til Walt 

D isney or laughed at the Warner 
Bitts short cartoons has to be inter­ ested rn lite work of Ralph Bakshi. 

RON 
W H IT E 

Bakshi s film takes place far in the future at a tim e after a nu clear holocaust when the world is div ided into an c\ ll land in h abited by li ­ zard-like mutants and a good land in winch elves and fa irie s once m ore frolic 

The elves are ruled by a wizard. 
Avatar, a 
"c u te ” little fellow all nose and w hiskers who runs around with a m in dless nym ph in a see-lbrough tunic. A v a ­ tar's w icked w izard brother. Black W olf — a creature rem iniscent of the Sorcerer iii Disney’s 
"Sorcerer** Apprentice” except that he lacks flesh on ins bones — rules the mutant*. 

Nazis 

Tile film |airport* to la* on tin* side of the elves — that tx. peace, love arui joy . 
But ” W t/ a rd s*” heart tx iii the evil tech­ nology aud science of 
Black Wolf, Tilt* most la- vtxh animation is saved for Pie attacks of Black 
W olf** hoards, arilled w itll tov tngly tov coted taw machine* of war 
, 
. 
II I / IUD S o io n -ler m arch into baith* tit 
B la c k W o lf s sec ret 
Ralph B ah -h i'- la-lc-t aiiiinaleil carto o n . 

It's not alw ay s easy , hut someone interested in the art of anim ation has to lie interested in 
Bakshi, sim ply because ht x the only per soil tu rn in g nut feature- length anim ation at an­ villing like a steady rate 

He Disney studios are doing lit? b anim al ion. 
.iud i i ' recen t effort!* have been less than heartening There wax, of course, that F/echoxla- vak ian science fiction cartoon, 
" F a n ta s tic 
Planet," hut while it was good. it hasn't been fol­ lowed by anything new 

B a k sh i t " F r it z the f a t ” I is all anim ation fans have, hut what he g i v e s the f a n s is hardly worth it 

 rile latest example ol 
Bakshis w nrk is *' VV I - 
/aitis a science fiction film Dial m anages to mash together bits and 

(M e t e s id "L o rd of the 
K in g s ." im itation mon­ sters. rtdhits. littler and art tstic sty lex ranging 
Bom llanna-Barbcru Sa­ turday morning TY trijx* to imitation Jack Dav is. 

Kids only 

I'hi* result is a bodge- 
Jlodge of Simplistic Id e a s . flashy Inn superficial an­ imation. aud a story and i Ii a ra d a rs that should only appeal to children, which the lH*st of Disney anti W arner Bros, never tim 

 vs co lion is Nazi propa­ ganda aud w ar filiu s, which instill such lear iii 
Yvatar's troops thai they can't fight back The film is so generally simplistic that ii isn't inconceivable that Bakshi s whole point to the film is the specifi­ cally simplistic idea that 
K ilte r possessed a cer­ tain quality of evil that could be tran sm itted alive to film. 

Well, of course, it s not that Bakshi is that sim ­ ple Tilt* problem is that 
Bakshi doesn t care what he says. He's looking for some symbols, some easy tools for m anipulating v lowers’ mind*. 

To proclaim the glories of peace anti love is one tool To spend the most elaborate and im ag ina­ tive animation on images of vvar is another tool. 
The fact that Bakshi s ideas cancel themselves out is of no concern to lpm MI he cares about is the instant s manipula- bon, he's not looking for an overall effect: 

Anti "W i/a n ts" doesn't have one. Despite all its ineanations against the evil of technology, at the 
♦•ini of the m ovie as 
Avatar and B lack W olf are meeting in the long- promised confrontation. 
Avatar breaks character to pull a pistol from his 

 sleeve anti imish off his 
1 • nihcr iii a thoroughly ii i In (logical manner 

I lit scene gets a laugh. which is all Bakshi was a lte r ai that m om ent 
Yin! h e 's so t v m eal Ii. can throw away what lit* seem ed to bt* sayin g through much of the film to get that laugh. 

Perhaps lins all sounds too harsh fur someone who vv ax only tryin g lo make a cartoon. Perhaps it vv on I d bt* if tithers hadn't alread y dem on­ strated that an im ated cartoons art* callable til tieing art, .intl if Bakshi weren't the only anim a­ tor working steadilv 

Yod it might 
In* loo harsh ll some of Bakshi s animation were not gen­ uinely inventive and f a s ­ cinating. 
Some os his battle footage employing doctored live film anti his background draw­ ings for 
Black 
Wolf** city are not totally inno­ vative. and yet they are skillfully thine. 

But they are also as much out of place in the rest of the film as B a k ­ shi s attempt to deal with a them e of technology versus m agic. F a n s of animal ion — young and old — should sp back and relax 
W alt Disney h a s yet to Im- reincarnated. 

PAG! I fXPttSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mot. 27, 1977 

A i 
I O 
' 1 nr rn 
— c 
IJJ n 

W E D : 
T H E 
M A I D S . 
Trinity Attic T w o T h e a le r, 
736 8315 or 7356 8316. J e a n 
G e n e t % p l a y a b o u t s e r 
✓ a n t s i m p e r s o n a li- o their e m p l o y e r s 
M a r 3o A p r 2 a n a A p r 6-9 8 15 p rn. C all tor prices. 

S A T : 
B A R B I E ft 
F L I P 
R E A D E 
M I M E 
S H O W , 
R iv e r 
R o o m 
E l T r o p i c o n o 
H o l d . 
8 
D .m 
O ' n ig h ! only. .SS 
S A T 
M Y S T F B t’ 
A T 
M O T H E R 
G O u s K ' S , 
J O s K r S 
N o r t h 
Si O ' 
M a ll 
341 6666 
SO' unci A p r 9. A1 
8.3o a m 
Free 
N E X T 
S U N 
T H E r ‘ ' 
S I O N 
O F 
C H R I S T . 
A u d . O u r L a d y of t*■ * 
I 
• t 
U n i v e r s i t y . 
434 671 1 
At 
S p a n is h la n g u a g e p la y 
1 6 p rn. S u n a n d 7:3o p m 
• or 
8 $2. 

I I K H I . 'N / I H I l h Ii 

M A R 
31 A P R 
2 
H A M 
L E T , In c a r n a t e W o r d Col leqe 
A u d , 
628 1261. 
A n d 
A p ril 
14 16 
At 8 15. 
S ? 5o tor the pub lic a n d SI. 5o tor stud ents a n d m i lit a r y 
M A R 27, 29 A P R 3 
T H E 
S E E S A W 
T h e 
C h u r c h 
Theater, 115o S 
A l a m o at 
W i c k e s . 224 48o5. O u i ot town er m e e ts 
B r o n x airt a n d i f s tove O p e n ot 6 3o, 
Duftet at 7, s h o w at 8 15; sh o w without butte! at 
3 p m. Sun. Tues. SS 95, W e d ft, T h u r. S7 95. 
F r i & Sat. 
SB 95, 
S u n 
S4 
(free w in e a n d c h e e se ) 
G r o u p r a te s available. 
R e s e r v a t i o n s required. 

I I N l l 
/ ’ N 
K ill x i i i ) Vt 

 lie r p a in tin g - al s «*l «l«*l 
. K in I . a lle n lie •'iiiu iiii' 
H u la s, "“ee ( . a lle n iii 
Xi i* I a le m la r lu r in u re intl lim a lio n . 

M A R 
27, 
A P R 
1-8 
T I N D E R T R E A C H E R Y , or 
W H E R E 
T H E R E S 
S M O K E , T H E R E S M O N ­ 
E Y , M e l o d r a m a , 
T h e a te r, 
H e m i s F a i r P la z a , 224 4464 
V i l l i a n 
O s c a r 
D e L a v a c o tries to freeze S a n A n to n tans b v trip lin g the p r ic e of fuel a n d k i d n a p s 
M o v o r 
L d a 
C r o c k w d l . 
F r i Sat t h ro u g h A p r. 17. F r i ft Sat a1 8 15. 
Sun. at 6 IS 
F r i 
S3.SO, Sat 
S4. Sun. S2 chil dren, S2.5o a d u lts 
M A R 
26: 
P I N O C C H I O 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 
F i n e 
A r t s 
Center. 3145 N a c o g d o c h e s , 
653-7241. 
K i d s p la y 
E a c h 
Sat. th ro u g h A p r. 9 At 2. S2 children, 52.5o adults. 

T IM E TO ST A R V E : 
The annual 
Starving Artists Show is on tap next 
Sunday, but this year it seems the ar­ tists may have a better chance to put some fond on the table. in past years, the show at I.* Villita has had a top limit of $111 that artists and craftsmen could charge for their work. 
But this year the limit has been raised to $21) in an attempt to be more realistic in attracting better artists. 
As usual though, one can expect large crowds at the art show and for most of the good works to go early in the afternoon. 

/.o o A lo (it i l l e r * f o r t le lo ils . 

RESTORATION: The Southwest ( raft 
Center is rapidly becoming a center for things other than crafts. 
This week the center opens its chapel 
(after extensive restoration) to per­ forming groups. ll will begin with a performance of the Molicre-Lully eomedx-ballet “Le 
Bourgeoise (lentilhomme.” It will be presented by the Trinity University 
Collegium Musicum directed bv tier* ald Benjamin. 
Admission is free, but reservations are suggested. 

I hot I, intl m ush- for no fro info. 

T H U R S 
S I N G t N 
I N 
T H E 
R A I N . 
M u lti P u r p o s e 
Ro o m . T rin ity U n i v e r s it y 
7 p m. Si 25 public. 
T H U R S : 
M Y 
F A I R 
L A D Y , 
M u l t i P u r p o s e 
R o o m , 
T rin ity 
U n i v e r s it y 
9, 3o o rn SI.25 pub lic 
F R I : 
S I N G I N G 
I N 
T H E 
R A I N 
3 p m . , 
H E L L O 
D O L L Y 7 p.m.. M Y F A I R 
L A D Y 9:3o p m 
M u lti P u r p o s e 
R o o m , 
T r in it v 
U n i v e r s it y 
SI.25 public. 
N E X T 
S U N 
Z A R D O Z , 
F ir s t U n i ta r ia n C h u r c h . 8o7 
Be ry l, 
344 4695. 
6 3o p m 
Call for price. 

S U N 
M U S I C 
I N 
A C 
T I O N , 
I n c a r n a t e 
W o r d 
C o l l e g e 
R e c i t a l 
H a l l , 
828 1261. P a n e l b y c o m p o s e r s 
G e r a r d 
J a f f e , 
J a m e s R iley. T h e r o n K i r k 
W i l l i a m R o s s o n d F l i c k a 
W ilm o re . 3 p m. F r e e 
S U N : 
T E X A S 
B A C H 
C H O I R . 
St 
L u k e s 
E p i s ­ co p a l C h u r c h , l l St. L u k e s 
Lane. 
R o b e r t F i n s t e r c o n ­ d u c ti n g 
B a c h s 
F u r c h t e dtch n ic h e a n d C a t a l o 56 
" l c h will d en 
K r e o t z s t a b g e r n e t r a g e n . " 
F e a t u r i n g 
P a u l 
L o o m i s , b a r i t o n e . 
P a u l H i n d e m i t h s ' A p p a r ­ e n t re p e n tin a dies. 
8 p.m. 
F r e e 
S U N 
& 
T U E S : 
L A 
B O H E M E . T h e a te r tor the 
P e r f o r m i n g A rts, 
225-6161. 
S o n 
A n t o n i o 
S y m p h o n y . 
M u r r y 
S id lin c o n d u c t i n g 
S u n at 3 p m , T u e s at 7 p . m . 
( s t u d e n t p e r f o r m a n c e ) . S5 S I 2 SO 
W E D 
U T S A 
C O N C E R T 
C H O I R , 
C h r i s t 
L u t h e r a n 
C h u r c h , 
672o 
B r o a d w a y 
T h e L a m e n t of J o b " a n d e x p e r i m e n t a l p r i c e , p r o v e r s a n d a n 
A p p a l a ­ c h i a n 
V a l l e y f o l k s o n g 
7: 3o p rn Free. 
W E D 
C I T Y 
C O N C E R T , 
S o n 
A n t o n i o 
S y m p h o n y , 
H a r v e y B i s k i n c o n d u c t in g 
M a i n 
P l a z a at 
F l o r e s ft 
M a r k e t d o w n t o w n , l l 45 a m 
F re e 
T H U R S 
C O M M U N I T Y 
O R C H E S T R A 
C O N C E R T , 
L o u r i e A u d i t o r iu m 
T r in it y 
U n i v e rs it y 
736 8119 
F r e e 
F R I ; 
C I T Y 
C O N C E R T , 
S A . 
S y m p h o n y 
T r a v i s 
P a r k . 11:45 a m . F r e e 
F R I : 
K I N D E R C O N 
C E R T , S A 
S y m p h o n y . SI 
' 
M a r y ' s Hall. 9.25 ft 
1o:3o a .rn $1. 
F R I 
& 
S A T : 
S A N 
A N ­ 
T O N I O 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y 
M U S I C 
E N S E M B L E . 
S A 
M u s e u m of M o d e r n Art. 531 
W 
W o o d la w n 
9-12 p.m., 
99-cent donation. 
S A T . 
C I T Y 
C O N C E R T , 
S A 
S y m p h o n y , 
C a r v e r 
C u l t u r a l 
C e n t e r , 
226 
N 
H a c k b e r r y . 7:3o p.m. F r e e 
T H U R S 
& 
F R I : 
L E 
B O U R G E O I S E G E N T I L 
H O M M E , 
S o u t h w e s t 
C ra ft 
C e n t e r , 
3oo 
A u g u s t a , 
736 8214 
T rin ity U n i v e r s i t y 
M u s i c D e p o r t m e n t fe a tu r in g 
C o l l e g i u m 
M u s i c u m , 
8: IS p m 
F r e e 
C all 
(or re se r v a tio n 
M o n - F r i 8 5. 
S U N 
C I T Y 
C O N C E R T , 
S A . 
S y m p h o n y , 
S u n k e n 
G a r d e n s 7:3o p m , F r e e 
S U N : 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
S Y M P H O N Y 
W O O D W I N D 
Q U I N T E T , M c N a y A r t In s ti tu t e . 
6 o o o 
N 
N e w 
B ra u n fe ls . 3 p.m. F r e e 
Cinema 

S U N : 
T E R E S A C H A M 
P I O N D A N C E C O M P A N Y , 
M u n i c i p a l 
A u d i t o r i u m . 
927 3389 
S2 adults 
SI chil dren. Call tor time. 

T U E S . 
A N C I E N T 
G A M E S , T U T A N K H A M U N, 
S C R I P T F O R 
S C A N D I N ­ 
A V I A ond P I C T U R E C A N 
A D A , T h ir d F lo o r A u d i t o r ­ ium , S a n A n t o n io M a i n L i ­ b r a r y . 2o3 S. St M a r y S St 
12:15 ft 7 p m. F r e e 
W E D : 
L A 
B E T E 
N U M A I N E , d i r e c t e d b y 
J e a n 
Renoir. 
C h a p m a n 
G r a d u a t e 
C e n t e r, 
T r in it y 
U n i v e r s i t y . 
7: 3o 
O rn i i m e m b e r s S a n A n t o n io F il m 
Society, i i 5o public. 
W E D ft 
T H U R S : 
O H I 
W H A T 
A 
L O V E L Y 
W A R , 
L o d i n Student Center, S o n 
A n to n io Co ile ge 
I ft 7 3o p m 
W ed, 
12 iS ft 
7: 3o p m T h u r s 
F r e e 

Join Tho San A ntonio 
AHT Lf AGU f 

I, /im f u . i r t f j T o u r 
WI I JJAMMH Kh 
JAMESTOWN PLANTATIONS 
RICHMOND (WASHINGTON m il Ii M 

■ TI I i i P ‘ d & M O CONAT .ON 
.8 .7 t i 
TO *I»T Lf ANUC ftuuND TRIP 'iKitk 
* w 
’OPQUAUTY n o m s • VS MS DIT 

Call Art Leigu* at 732 6o48 
Of Mn Don TiHeUoa. Chati a aa 
^ 
Al 824 5433 

T H U R : 
A M E R I C A N 
J E W I S H 
L I T E R A T U R E . 

 j c w 's n C o m m u n i t y Center. 
227 9147. 
U T S A 
C o n t in u in g 
E d u c a t i o n . 
M e e t i n g e a c h 
T h u r s d a y at 
7 p m . tor three weeks. Cal! for pric e 
S A T : 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R . 
IOO 
A u g u s t a , 224 1848 
F o u r - s e s s i o n c o u r s e in 
E n t e r ta m in g A p p r o a c h e s , fo cu s inq on food 
S A T 
B O Y 
S C O U T 
C O O K - O F F 
A N O 
D E R B Y 
D A Y , W o n d e r la n d P a r k i n g 
Lot 
9 a rn. 
• 
1:3o p.m. 
F r e e 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
F I N E 
A R T S 
C E N T E R , 
3145 
N a c o g d o c h e s of 
B u i e r s , 
653 7241. 
C l a s s e s rn art, donee, d r a m a , m u s ic , a n d off loom w eaving, 
Coil for inform ation. 
T . E . A . C . H . , c l a s s e s in p u p p e t r y a n d c h i l d r e n s th e a te r . 
A ls o , c h i l d r e n 's t h e a t e r o n d w o r k s h o p s 
A p r i l 3o, Sat. 9 n o o n . I n s t r l u t e of T e x a n C u l t u r e s , 
H e m i s F a i r . F o r i n t o r m a lion, call 
736 3615 or 
732 4683. 
U T S A , b e g i n n in g A p r il 5. c l a s s e s in. 
A r t ; 
E x p e r 
• e n c i n a t h e 
M o d e r n s ; -' 
D i s c o v e r i n g the 
W o r ld : 
S u m m e r 
A c tiv ity for 
S a n 
A n t o n io 
C h i l d r e n , " 
S a n 

We keep you in the dark. 

. . . for as little as 6oc an hour. Com­ plete professional darkroom facilities available, including chemistry. 
PHOTOGENESIS 

828-8256 
5o23 BROADWAY 
(PHOTOPLEX) 

A n t o n i o 
A r c h i t e c t u r e 
A s 
Art, 
M o d e r n P o e t r y : Six 
G i a n t s ; ' 
D e t e c t i v e F ie lio n ." 
F o r in fo r m a t io n on tim e a n d p la c e call 227 9147 or 691 455o 

A P R 
J 
C A R S O N ft 
B A R N E S C I R C U S , Mi ss i o n 

R o o d a n d S E. M il it a r y D r 
4 3o ft 
8 p.m. 
P r i c e u n k n o w n . 
A P R 
8: 
B O B 
S E E G A R . 
M u n i c ip a l A u d , 732-11o1 or 
732 81o9 At 7 3o T ic k e t s at 
J o s k e s. R e c o r d la n d 
B e lo w the 
Belt, a n d 
D i s c o . e r y 
R e c o r d s in 
S a n 
M a r c o s . 
C all for prices. 
A P R 
19 
T O D D 
R U N O 
G R E N S 
U T O P I A , 
L a u r i e 
Aud, 
732 11o1 or 
732 81o9 

See Arts. Page IO 

'Introdnetkms.lne. 
Singles 

SINGLES INFORMATION CHARING HOUSE a 
Hour*: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sol.: 9om 2pm. 
« 57o! Vroa4wt|. A m I t * 9it7 I 

• C i - i *■ 
’ - m 
VY 
* -» ' •’ # 
San Antonio Symphony 
Grand Opera 

Puccini’s Beloved opera ... 
La Boheme 
MURRY SIDLIN 
Conducting with 

KARAN 
ARMSTRONG 

/ 
WILLIAM 
HARNESS 

BARBARA 
SHUTTLEWORTH I 

 r SIG M U N D 
COWAN 

March 

!;88pm 

Head Ann Landers 

On Life and Love 

 in the San Antonio Express 

 pm 

Theater for the Performing Art* 
Tickets: $5 5o $12 5o 
Also available at Record Hole. 

STUDENT PERFORMANCE 

March 
29 
7:oo pm 

Theater for the Performing Arte 
Tlcketa^^5o-$3^o^wltMJ>. 

Opera Preview*: I hr. prior to performance 
River Level. Theater for the Perform ing Art* 
Admloeton t i 

Bu* Transportation available horn the 
Alamo Heights National Book Call 2 2 5 -b ltl. 

Symphony Box Office 

223-5591 

EXPRESSNEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mar. 77, 1977 
PAGE 9 

Arts Calendar 

Special laser and lighting effects 
8 p m 
Tickets at 
Joske s. 
Recordland. 
Below the Belt and D is c o v e rv 
R e c o rd s in 
San 
M a rco s SS SO S6 SO on:\i\< ; 
S U N 
S O L 
O E I 
R IO 
G A L L E R Y . 1o2o Townsend, 

2 2 2 2 N A L A M O at B R O A D W A Y 

^(fwhen onlyJiL. the ve ry best w in do 
FEATURED EVERY SUN.-MON.-TUES. 
EVENING 

BAUHS co. 

RESTAURANT & BAR 

512826 2371 
\ V 1o39 N E. LOOP 41o 
BANQUET and 
I 
PARTY f ACUITIES 
I 
16-16o 
I— -JS 

TROUT AMANDINE 
• 

RED SNAPPER 
IMPERIAL 
• 

RIB EYE 

FILET 

MARGARITAS 

$ 1 . o o 

A U ENTREES 
INCLUDE SALAD. 
BAKED POTATO 
OR HERB RICE 

828 5555 
P o in t in g s an d scu lp tu re s bv 
Jan 
Tips. p a in t in g s bv 
A n a s t o s ia 
S a m s and c o n te m p o ra rv lewelrv bv D aniel Je nkin s 
Through A p ril Free 
F R I: U R SU L I N E G A L 
L E R Y, 
S o u th w e st 
C ra ft 
C e n te r, 
3oo 
A u g u s t a , 
224 1848. C eram ics bv M i chapt Soul 
T hrough M on 
M on F ri ll a rn 
• J p m 
Free 
F R I 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T C E N T E R . G A L 
L E R Y , La Villita 
M in ed m e d ia le w e lry bv 
T in a 
John son 
M o n Sot 
IO 3o 5 put.. Sun 1 6 p m Free 
N E X T S U N 
S T A R V IN G 
A R T IS T S SH O W , L o Villita and R iverw alk 
Ram date 
A p r 
IO 
N o o n d a r k 
N o work of art selling for m ore than S2o. F ree. 

( I KREST EX M i m s 

A R T 4 
F R A M E 
M A R T 
No 
I, 83o2 B road w ay 
En hibit of w ork bv L o n a Bell and T ra v is Keese M o n Sot 
1o 6 
A R T & 
F R A M E 
M A R T 
No. J, 67o N orth Sloe Malt 
Oils bv Hazel M a sse v , Joe 
Peacock. Jose V ive s A tsar a and Alberto M e za 
M on- 
Sat IO 6. 
A R T IS A N S A L L E Y . SSS 
Bitters R oad 
M arke tp lace of o v e r 
2o s h o o s w ith professional artists and/or c ra ftsm e n rn re sid e n ce , 
Tues Sat IO S 3o. Sun I S 
B R IG H T 
S H A W L , 
819 
A ugusta 
M a rio n G 
Irv in g de C ruz exhibit of w e avings 
4 tapestry. A p ril 
IS thru 
M a y 31. IO a.rn 
- 2 p m ., 
M o n F ri 
C L U T T E R W O O O G A L 
L E .R Y , 
53o9 M c C u llo u g h 
P a m 'm g s, draw ings, photo­ g ra p h s 
4 lim ited edition gra p h ics bv 
C hristine 
A m o rger. Nellie Bael. Ri c h a r d 
F ie ld e n , 
D a n n y 
G 'C isle r, 
D m it r i 
P e t r o v , 
Jean Soriano. Sue Shields a n d 
G e o r g e 
S t g m b e r g 
M o n Sat IO 6, Sun I S. 
C O P P IN I A C A D E M Y O F 
F IN E 
A R T S . 
H S M e lrose 
Place 
2 5 p rn . Sat. Sun & 
Wed, Free 
C O R N E R G A L L E R Y . On the 
S q u a r e 
(H w y 
2811, 
B la n c o . 
M o r e th o n 
ISO original w o rk s bv leading 
Hill C ountry artists. D oily 
1o-6. Sun 2 5 
F R O S T 
N A T I O N A L 
B A N K . 
One 
H un d re d 
W e st 
H o u sto n . 
N o r m a n 
R o c k w e ll thru 
A p ril 
IS 

Brook the Hombur aet Habit without going broke. 
COUPON DAYSI 

M on Thurs. 9 3 , F ri 9 5 
G A L L E R IA 
3o7 
H O U S E 
O F A R T S , 3o7 H e m isF a ir 
P la z a 
W a y 
W o rk by 
Adriel Ardyth. Gilbert. Gi rard. H aake. H aese. Keen an, " L o s Scotts," M isch er, 
P o r fe r f ie id . 
R o b e rt s . 
T h o m p s o n , o ils. w a t e r ­ colors. acrylics, ce ram ics m a c r a m e , a n d m e ta l s c u lp tu re 
M o n S a t 
12 5 
Call 227 o527 
G A L L E R I E 
O F 
F I N E 
A R T S . 342 W M a in Street, 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g 
A rtis ts , a rtisa n s 
4 c ra ftsm e n in most M e d ia D aily 1o-6 
C L A S S E R S A R T G A L 
L E R Y , 2121 N 
M a in A ve 
Thor 
A pril, scu lp tu re by 
T h o m a s 
H o lla n d , 
S h e r maiee. 
M ack, 
C harle s 
Learned, 
M a r y 
Albrecht. 
L a r r y 
G r a e b e r , 
R a y 
C h a v e z . 
L e s t a 
F l a n k ll 3o S. M on-Sat 
O A K W E L L B R A N C H L l 
B R A R Y, 4134 H a rry Wu< Z b a c h 
R o a d 
A c r y lic s 
A w a t e r c o lo r s b v 
R o b e rt 
Reed thru A p ril 3o. M o n F ri 
9 9, Sat 9 6 
O D Y S S E Y 
G A L L E R IE S . 
2222 Breezew ood. Tues Sat 
It 5 
O L D S A N A N T O N IO E X 
H IB IT , B olivar Halt A folk and historic m useu m in L o 
Villita, 
227 9o42 
T ues Sun 
1o 5. Free 
P R I T C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
C A L L E R Y , 
224 
N orth S ta r M a ll. W a le r color exhibition bv Ronm e 
W ells. 
D o ily 
IO 6, 
T h u rs 
IO 9. closed Sun. 
R IV E R A R T G R O U P . SIO 
P aseo de la Villita. C h an g m g exhibit of pointings and crafts from the m g re than 
6oo artists of the grou p 
D aily 1o 5. Sun 12 5 
S A N A N T O N IO A R T IN 
S T IT U T E , 
6ooo 
N 
N ew 
B ra u n fe ls 
Stu d e n t d r a w ­ ing, print, scu lp tu re 
A ce ram ics show thru A p ril 
23 
Student juried show . 
A p r il 
29 M a y 
27. 
M F 
8 3o 4 3o. Sat 9 noon 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
L I B R A R Y , 
2o3 
S 
St 
M a ry s. W atercolor studies for design of coronoation ro b e s, je w e ls, c r o w n s , handpieces, and glittering pageants by F a rre ll C 
Ty son 
M o n F ri 9 9, Sal 9 6, 
Sun 15 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
M U ­ 
S E U M O F M O D E R N A R T , 
S3I W. W oodlaw n. E x h ib i bon bv Gene Eld er, A p ril 
8 M a y I. F ri-S u n IQ-5. 
S IG O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
St. Anthony Hotel 
Robert 
Wood, Don W arren. P o rfir to 
S a lin a s , 
J o s e 
V ive * A tsara, M a ru e e n To rozon, Rolla T aylo r, S t y r ­ ene, 
D a lh a r t 
W m d b e rg , 
Florent Baecke, F rie d Pal. 
M arce l Dvf, E d o u a rd C o r ­ tez, Ruth A nd erson. D onald 
Yena. Jim D eutsch. M o n 
Sot I i i 
S O L 
O E L 
R IO . 
1o2o 
T ow nsend 
F IE S T A 
Show of posters, w e avings, g ra phics, paintings, ceram ics, jewelry M o n Sat IO 5 3o 
S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R 
G A L L E R Y , 42o 

P a se o de la 
Villita 
Sat o p e n in g 
T in a 
J o h n s o n lewelry. Law ren ce K asto r ra ku thru 
AAav 
9 
A p ril 
21 24 A nnual Fiesta Week 
Faculty/Student exhibition and sale. D aily IO 5 
S O U T H W IN O A R T G A L ­ 
L E R Y , 
4112 M c C u llo u g h , 
828 4557 Continuous show mg of oils A w atercolors by established artists from all aver the world. W ind b erg limited edition, 
Rcwc/Y W ood silk screens." other grap hic ort Tues F ri 
9:3o-5 45. Sat 1o 5. 
T E J A S G A L L E R Y , 1o2o5 
O a sis. 
Suite 
311. 
T e x a s w ildflow er p ain tin gs bv 
Ann Carryon M o n -F ri IO 5, 
Sat bv appointm ent, can 
344 8o15 
T R IN IT Y U N IV E R S IT Y . 
M a n u e l 
M a n illa 
19th 
C e n tu rv M e x ic a n P r in t m ake r," Coates Lobby, 715 
Stadium D riv e A p ril 4 25 
U R S U L IN E 
G A L L E R Y . at the Southwest 
Craft 
C e n te r, 
3oo 
A u g u s t a , 
Faculty - Student Exhibition 
A Sale. A p ril 21 24 
Fu nc tional c e ra m ic s bv 
M ik e 
Soul, thru A p ril 3o M on F ri ll 3 
U T 
H E A L T H 
S C IE N C E 
C E N T E R , 
A uditorium 
F o y e r, 
77o3 
F io v d 
C u rl 
D r iv e 
‘'S c u lp t u r e s 
A 
D r a w in g s , bv 
P e te r 
C h a n g , " th ru 
A p r il 
17 
W o rks bv center faculty. staff 
A stu d e n ts 
A p ril 
21-May I 
M on F ri 8 5, Sat 
8 on, Sun I S. 
W E S T F A L L 
B R A N C H 
L IB R A R Y , 6111 
R osed ale 
C o u rt. 
344 2373. 
W o le r c o lo rs bv 
F in is 
C o llin s. 
M on F ri 9 9. Sat 9 6 
W O N D E R L A N D 
A R T 
G A L L E R Y , 246 W o n d e r land 
Shopping 
City 
Jose 
V iv e s A t s a r a . 
P r o f ir io 
Salinas, don W arren. W A 
Slaughter, Sharelle, M o o r een Tarazon, c a r r y P re i loo, 
F lo re n t p 
B ae c ke . 
Boerta Sharp, Ruth A nd er son. P aul Burnie, C laudio 
Soso, M o n F ri 1o 8. Sat 1o 6 

M C N A Y 
A R T 
I N S T I ­ 
T U T E , 
6ooo 
N 
N e w 
Braunfels, 824 5368 
New ly acquired gifts on d isplay in the Frost W ing 
A n exhibi tion of w o rk s bv R u ssia n born Leon Bakst, thru A p ril 
17. 
47th A nnual Exhibition bv the 
San 
A nton io 
A rt 
Leagu e iurored bv 
John 
C anudov. retired New Y o rk 
T IM E S A rt Critic. T ues Sot 
9 5. closed M on 
W IT T E M E M O R I A L M U 
S E U M , 
38o1 
B r o a d w a y . 
826-o647. T ro m p A rt exhibit of wood c a r v in g s d ating from 184o, A p ril 1-3o. D ean 
Brow n nature p hotography retrospective exhibit. A p ril 
IS thru M a y 31. A b stract 
E x p re ssio n ism show, A p ril 
26 A ugust G reat A m e rican 
Rodeo exhibit closes A p ril 

J W eekdays 9 5, weekends 
1o 6. volu n tary contrib!) tion suggested adults 5o ce n ts, c h ild r e n u n d e r twelve 25 cents 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
M U 
S E U M O F T R A N S P O R T A 
T IO N , 
H e m is F a ir 
P la z a 
W ay 
226 12o1. "T h e A m or lean F o rm ," Photographic docum entary from slave labor thru the D ust Bowl ye ars, in clu d in g m igra n t farm w orkers, closing April 
17 
D aily 
1o 6, voluntary contributions suggested adults 5o cents, children 25 cents 

 h is t o r ic 
.SIV A M O M O 

A L A M O , b e st k n o w n m ission, "C ra d le of T exas 
Liberty,” located on A lam o 
Piaza in the heart of San 
Antonio, 225 1391 
M on-Sat 
9 5 3o, Sun IO 5 3o. Free 
B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
O F 
H O R N S , 
L o n e 
S ta r 
B r e w in g 
C o m p a n y , 
6oo 
Lone Star Blvd., 226 83o3. A vast and unique collection of horns and m em orabilia dating back to 1881. O ut­ standing collection of b ud s. fish and m arine life. Open daily, including w eexends 
9 3o 5 
Adults SI. children 
6 12 5o cents, Free parking. 
C A S A V IL L IT A . 511 P a seo de la 
Villita, form er headquarters of the 
San 
A n to n io 
C o n s e r v a t io n 
Society, now office of "A 
Night in Old San Antonio," sponsored bv the C o n se r­ vation Society annually in 
April 
Now operating as a 
Tourist inform ation Center for visitors to L a Villita, phone 226 5188 
E S P A D A 
A C E Q U IA 
A Q U E D U C T , 9o44 F sD Jd a 
R oad. 
B u ilt in 
1731 bv 
F ranciscans, it is the sole rem aining structure o f its kind in the United States. A 
N atio nal H isto ric 
L a n d m ark, free 
IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N 
C U L T U R E S . 
H e m is F a ir 
Plaza W ay, 226 7651 
Con tm um a historical d isp lays on ethnic group with films, m u sic , s lid e sh o w s, a r tifacts, dom e show s. Tues 
Sun to 5. closed M on, Free 
Cat! E d u c a t io n a l S e r v ic e 
Dept. for guided tours. 
K IN G 
W I L L I A M 
H IS 
T O R IC D IS T R IC T . N eigh bor hood of restored Victor ion and early T exas hom es 
The district begins at the corner of 
K in g 
W illiam 
Street and South St M a ry 's at the Anton Wulff House, head q uarters of the 
San 
A n t o n io 
C o n s e r v a t io n 
Society 
Free w alking tour pam phlets available of the 
Wulff 
House, 
1o7 
K in g 
W illiam 
T H E M IS S IO N S . To tour the four allusions, follow the M issio n Trail m a rk e rs b e g in n in g at 
R o o se v e lt 
A venue and M issio n Road, 
Roosevelt P a rk 
J O S E N A V A R R O S T A T E 

H IS T O R IC 
S IT E , 
228 
S 
Laredo, hom e of fam ous 
Texas patriot, ow ned and m aintained bv T e xas P o rk s 
4 Wildlife Dept 
M o n -Su n 
IO 4, adults 25 cents, chil dren 6 12 ten cents, ch il­ dren under 6 free 
G uided tours 
O L D U R S U L I N E C O N 
V E N T , 3oo A u g u sta 
Built in 1851, San A n ton io 's only r e m a in in g e x a m p le of 
French architecture H om e of Southwest Craft Center 
C re a t iv e 
A r t s 
S c h o o l 
M o n -F r i 
9:3o 5, v is it o r s welcome, free 
R E M E M B E R 
T H E 
A L A M O T H E A T E R / M U ­ 
S E U M , 
A la m o 
P la z a 
A m ulti m ed ia p re se n ta tio n recreating the steqe of the 
A lam o 
D aily 
9 5. adults 
SI 75. childre n 
(4 121 
75 ce nts, a c t iv e m ilit a r y 
(w / ID I St 25 
S A N 
F E R N A N D O 
C A T H E D R A L , C orne rston e laid m 1748. W est side of 
M ain P la ’3. 227-2197 
S C H R O E D E R / Y T U R R I 
H O U S E M U S E U M & A R 
C H I V E S , 
1ooo 
E 
C o m m erce. 
R e sto re d bv the 
C ity 
W a te r 
B o a r d fo r adaptive use a s a m useum and arch ives of the history of water in the San Antonio area. G roup tours of m u ­ seum a rran ge d through the 
City 
W ater 
B o a rd Office. 
1oo1 E. M arke t St., phone 
225 7461. 
S P A N IS H G O V E R N O R S 
P A L A C E , 
1o5 
M il it a r y 
Plaza M on Sat 9 5, Sun I 5. m orning tours bv appoint ment. adults 35 cents, chil dren IO cents 
S T E V E S H O M E S T E A D & 
G A R D E N . 
5o9 K in g W il­ liam 
225-5924 
O w ned and m aintained by the San A n ­ tonio C onservation Society. 
224 6163. G e rm an residence built in 
1876. 
D a ily 
IS . m orning tours by appoint­ ment. adults 7S cents, chil­ dren 25 rents 
Y T U R R I 
E O M U N O S 
M IL L & R E S ID E N C E , 2S7 
Yellowstone, 
534 8237, San 
A n to n io 
C o n s e r v a t io n 
Society m aintained 
Adobe b lo c k s t r u c t u r e b u ilt 
184o I86o 
R e sto re d 
G rist 
AAi ll in o p e ra tio n 
O pen 
Tues. & Sat IO 2. with grist dem onstrations at 11 4 I on 
Tues 4 Sat 
N o ad m ission charge, grou p tours bv appointment. 

Merchandise 
Mart 
Call 
225-1666 
. Express/News 

TI 
CLUB 
SANDWICHES 

" I 
I 
SI 

 lim it of 6 
SAVI 734 
I 

Oft*. Vet* TWevgIt 
April It, 1*77 m «H 
MBT-) Of MN ANTONIO 

PAG! IO EXPRESS NEW5 SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E-Mar 27, 1977 

Dollar policy 

T h e C o lo n ie s N o rth 
T h eate r lias a lieu §1 adm ission policy. 
T h e T h e a te r, w h ich has been remodeled and carpeted, is now showing lam ily-rated films. 
\m o n g film s that have been booked under the new policy are "T w o 
M inute W a rn in g ," " D r 
Z h iv a g o ." "H e llo . D o l­ ly." 
".la w s." 
"O n a 
Clear D a y " and "P a in t 
Y our W agon." 
The new ticket policy is m force al all times. 

EXPRESS- 
N E W 
S 

Want Ads 

Y o u ’ll be a m azed at th e things y o u can sell w ith a W ant A d! 

Call 225-1666 

 r TappThouTij z t t ^ 
~ 
^ t m m m m 'i i l . L — . J 
J 
J F l l S 
R j n S J T S ^ T H ^ E ^ A T R 
^ 

P G 

KOWIWATtO IOC S *(COINU CWCCDS1 

TONIGHT 

CIVIC CITY THEATRE 

* 1 
Cabaret Night 
9:3o P.M. 

JAI h& TH K BEAN 
STALK 

Magic Mirror 
Players 
Taos, New Mexico 

March 27, 28, 29 

San Antonio Country 
1122 N. St. Mary's 
222*8273 

 wmpcon KUK MAU 

■**«» MAU 

 lumen 
C CS 
4 IO coo 
V V. 

# **- \ 
* %' 
LsV fe. 
REDFORD HOFFMAN 
‘A U THE 
PRESIDENT SWEN” 

^'W ‘*D»o^*AN*MALl 

I SO 4 24 7 OO CJS 

SICIISAfcD 

ICISIOHtCSON 

.AWH MALI 

 im; 

12 3o 2 45 S OO M S 9 3o 
IHI MOST HILARIOUS SUSPCNSi 
Riot Of YOUR un. 

AlllDtOC PAA* MALL 

AN EPIC FANTASY 
IO MILLION YEARS 
IN THE FUTURE, 
WHEN THE WORLD 
IS RULED BY 
MAGIC. 

WINDROW RAH* MALL 

12 3o 2 4S S OO M S 9 3o 

“One of the 
Year’s Best” 

WOODY 
ALLEN 
AS 
"THE 
FRONT”i*i 

I/m m a s 
M ost 
' / nlikt ti) th r o 

I 2:45 2:3o 4:15 6:oo 7:45 9:3o 

V 

V K VI PH HXkSHI I ll M 
WIZARDS 

12 3o 2:4S S OO 
M S 9:3o 
’ 
TWC MINUTE 
One Sniper... 
W U R M I H (j 

 iW S N .'- .v 

IOU I 9. RAML MALL jjjjUJUUv 

I 3o 3 25 S 2o M S * IO 

B e d t i m e S t o r i e s I o r (J r o w n l j> 
ONCE UPON A GIRI 

A A 

- PLUS- I 
2nd Thrilled 
"M a rk 

OI Thej 
W itch" 
(*) 

(X) r , - 

ATIAPNOA CACA MAH 
Bl Aunts 1:oo 5:1o 9 2o 
SWfPT 3:1o 7:2o 
NOMINATED FOR 4 
ACADEMY AWARDS 

4 * 
H ill* *7 > 
* 
9 
Seven Beauties 
— P IU S — 
“SWEPT A W A Y ” 

N O W AT THREE THEATRES 
NORTHWEST SIX — 1:3o-4:1o-6:5o-9:3o 
UA CINE CINCO — 1:45 4:2o 7:oo-9:35 

UA MOVIES 4 
— 1:45 4:2o 7:oo 9:35 

REDFORD/HOFFMAN 
'ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN' 

“•rd 

ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 

“★ ★ ★ ★ r 

(Highest Rating) 
I 

BEST ACTOR j | 

S Y L V E S T E R S T A L L O N E 
R 
H 

B EST A C T R E S S H 

TA l i A SMiRf 
■ 

BEST DIRECTOR 
JOHN C AVR-OSEN 
BEST SCREENPLAY 

S Y L V E S T E R S T A L L O N E 
BEST ORIGINAL SONG 
GONNA ELV NOW 
BEST SUPPORTING 

A A T A D 
M u R G E S S M E R E D I T H 
M 
V 
I u n 
S U B I YO UN G 

 caul im i * i n*v 
ACtOSt S7Cti: 
SAT 
S U R 
A U S U * ' S i 
A i m s l o f rn 
A LA Ate RAN K O A C A G I 

 t i . I S 
WITCH 11:oo-2:15-5 3o44$ nu 
O B IO N ' 12 25-34o-6 5$ IO IO 
2 :o o W M 
M O X AT ONLY 3 SO 

I WITH: 
"DEMON- p g n m 
« 

THI KILLING MACHIN!" (R) 

 v 
T H E D E M 
O N 

Ii?. *( 
NO 
BAR. MAT. 
OR RASSI) 
AAtlOt 11 o62 o65 2S4 3o canc I245-3 5o-* 55-1ooo 
ADULTS ONLY' 
TOGETHER IN 7 7 

CALL U S ANYTIME, 
You ll love every minute? 
See it with the love o f your life... or your wife. 

 n i W i r 
. i t v l f e s a f e 

I ASI WMMNCQtOB 
ADULTS ONLY' in color 
ROC!CY 

S ' ik 
Diary of a Rape, 

UNCUT V « « O N 
ROGUE 

IN CLUD IN G 
BEST PICTURE 

Produced by ROBERT CHARTOFF and IRWIN W INKLER PJT] 

M M M 
U O M V S] NEW LAUREL^ 
231o SAN PEDRO . 736-4551 J 

IO X OfNCI OWN 12 2C 
MOW DAUT THAIS | 
12 4o-3 oo-5 2o 
7 4 o 1 o OO P M I m n zLuLxm 

Express-News Want Ads 225-166 

 iXMUSS N im SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mar. 27, 1977*PAGi l l 

I.***-.rn, r n 
* 
/p G ) 
JACK LEMMON 
.EE GRANT BRENDA VACCARO JOSEPH COTTEN OLIVIA de HAVILL ANO 
DARREN MCGAVIN CHRISTOPHER LEE GEORGE KENNEDY 
JAMES STEWART K PfttiliC SWS 

Scum* it V «*■ 
* 
!»•!:>• 
* L)• to M i {MNC«<£Mft it*. 
». i t 'in*ULM 

I. CII It J '* 'iHt 
» h fclH M 
«»•"• (».«'•»hfct» ’'MW. M 
• if 
Mkii.1' n i w m a f f l o 

ALL M E W - 

 bigger, m ore exciting th an “A IR P O R T 1975' 

Flight 23 has crashed in the Berm uda Triangle passengers still alive, trapped underwater.. 

NORTHWEST SIX 
12 1o 2 3o 4 so 
7:1o 9:3o 

CENTURY SOUTH 6 
12 4o 3 OO 5 2o 
74o-1o oo 

ABC BROADWAY 
1:oo 3:1o-5 2o 
7 3o 9 4o 

NO 
BARGAIN 
MATINEE 

MOVIE GUIDE FOR FAMILIES 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

" G e n e - jl Audiences " Film c or ni n , no material mos' p i rems , 'e hLe'V to con 
Sider ObjectlOhuble even tor younger etui'Iren 

-Parental G u - l .m c e Suggested " Fating c a u f--os p re n ts they might comida- some m ater'ii unsu.t.M e »o- children It urges p ir n 's to rrvjurre about the film 

 betone dec • ii n j on uttendartce 

"Restricted ' Film c m ' un, adult type rn itenji and those under 1 ; yea's o' age are not adm itted except rn the company ct a p fen * or an adu't guardian 

Thu is patently rn iduit type him and n erne un*|w I f is admitted The age limit may be higher in some places 
^ t . t o ' " J ’ ’ F i ' . r . , i « A s h , 
* l l " . - ! ' O ' A e -•> • 
J 

Idee e n te rta in m e n t a n d d a n c in g 
Tues.-Sun. u n til 2 a. in. 

E n jo y a s ta r s tu d d e d 

 lin e -u p o f c h o ic e b e e f cu t 

 to th e s iz e yo u u a n t 

 a nd so ld by th e p o u n d ! 

D in in g . T u e s - S u n 

5 to 1 o :3 o pm 

3239 Harry 
Wurzbach 

824-4444 

S A N A N T O N IO 'S O N LY C O U N TR Y & WESTERN SUPPER CLUB 
A N D THAT S N O BUM STEER! 

THG OLMOS 
42o5 SAN PEDRO/SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 7821 2/733-71 88 

•>LINDEY - MONDRY - TUESDAY 
WCDMG^DPiY - THURSDAY 
FRIDAY-SOTURDhY 

JAMES BIAN STAES 
East of Eden 
Rebel Without A Cause 
!•« rn** of the b-tint*** #♦» urtHHt carte* a* lh# fat* JflPti Dean 
Mi leo*, ca L»«% •on*.* *<*>4 o*4 Hr* tate *al lh two it ow .ti Won Kit** * man* Men*? ta ion Hail 

W * v*’ 

KING OF HEARTS * 
On* ot th* batt loved film * of ell M M I king 
-sK / 
I of Heart* mar* Alan Bater. trying Jo liberate * 
V * 
‘ 
(own inhabited entirely Oy lh * inmate* ot th* 
. loc al cookie Ow Beda/rted Mart Peter Cook 
Al and Pedley Moor* in a Fauatian ideation 
C. - » ft i 

THE MGIC CHRISTIAN' iin d ta y Anderson directs Malcolm Mc Po ai ak ut this modern day Candida Meant*na# Peter Sailer t and Bingo Stan provide hysterical evidence of what too mech money can lead to 

APB U I i _________________ 

 j . i area t»«y ut,. e n amma* re we' at Ina*ie e e t , not.. <j*a.t rivet -ie e l « mar ' tai I r a aet luke ue ai na amen el aru lad i^yn-yetta o. iMuart keen*,,, i nvw ana team# 
I 

T h e Jimmy CUH 
H a r d e r °*h,% ° * n rn mum rn %»%■- rn mggame mumC 
T H C V ^ ****** Pm* 
„ 
* Floyd J. u a mm 
C o r m 
*4 c* 

APB 2$ IO 
P I R K 
F L O Y D 

Can a depretaed adolescent boy 
(md happuteaa with a manic M year old wom an' Bud Coat and 
Bum Gordon pr o r KW th* antwer 
Kl Hmold and Maud# Alan Ark VI 
Mara a* Vo nun an ut Catch t i or 
Th* Bible it you va eyer been 
CATCH-22 

 aA PIECE OE PLEASURE \ 
™E Clockmaker 
Thu compelling alow o* a aimple man (oread to teaaaembl* 
I 
. , , . . ...V U .. the (endamentai t e a t of ha i'e a yr*- man bed wun 
A f 
L ie h n a P rP fc w 1 haoroi > 
■ ■ *• " >*■ ■ ■ 
T 

' 
‘ staZ-haaae 
IdomkiMad marriage_____________________MAY » t ill 

Orson Welles' 
“TOUCH OE EVIE' 
Or aor) VVet tea grim iest perform ance to date ut probably Itta greataai 
8 
Mm O' ak tuna 

PAW 12 EXPRESS-NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— W o t. 27, 1977 

R iv e r C it y a n d a r e a m o v ie s 

I entral 
Park 
Fox: 
Network; Shampoo; The En­ forcer. 
Century South: Mr. Billion; 
Shane 4 High Noon; Freaky 
Friday; The Eagle has Land­ ed; Airport 77; Demon. 
Colonies North: Sun-Thur: 
The King and I 
4 
Hello, 
Dolly; Fri-Apr. ii: Jaw s 4 
Earthquake. 

Josephine: 
M em ories 
W ithin Miss Aggie 4 All 
American Girl. 
Laurel: Rocky. 
North Star Cinema: 
Fun 
With Dick and Jane; The 
Cassandra Crossing. 
Northwest Six: 
Freaky 
Friday; Airport 77; Slipper and the Rose; Mr. Billion; All the President s Men; The 

Pink Panther strikes Again. 
Olmos: Sun-Tues: Norman 
. . 
Is That You? 4 Fortune and Men s Eyes; Wcd-Thur 
Putney Swope 4 Creaser s 
Palace; Fri-Sat: East of Eden 
4 Rebel Without a Cause. 
Texas: 
Fists of Fury 4 
Chinese Connection. 
L A 
Movies 4: 
Silve r 
Streak; 
The 
Cassandra 

Crossing; All the President’s 
Men 
LA Cine Cinco: 
A Star Is 
Born; Wizards; All the Presi­ dent’s Men 
I niversal Twin: Memories 
Within Miss Aggie 4 
All 
American Cirl; Jaws 4 The liindenburg. 
Wonder: 
A Star Is Born; 
Silver Streak 

A 
** - - *" 
______ 
. sm ss, ii, lint?* j* 
A IR PO R T 7 7 : 
Ja ck L e m m o n a n d B re n d a 
Vaccaro struggle fo r th eir liv e s in action film at the Century South and N o rth w e st Six. 

BREAKER! BREAKER! 
The CB battle cry of The Great Trucker's War 

BREAKER! BREAKER! «*■ . CHUCK NORRIS 

* '« GI OWGt M URD OCK 
TERRY o CONNOR 
STARTS TRIDAY! 
AZTCC3 • UA MOVKS 4 • MISSION 
SAN OKORO • VALLEY HI 

G E N E R A L . C I N E M A T H E A T R E S 
NORTHSTAR IVERY DAY ’TA 13o P M -11.5o 

A tribute 

 to American 

 ingenuity 

GEORGE SEGAL ja n e FONDA 
ED MC MAHON 
M f l W WITH : ^ 
DICH AMO JAMI«, 
EXCLUSIVE 12-2-4-6-8-1o 

M< CRUESS K O O A U SHOWS AT A U HME S I 

Thursday • Tne Mojave Desert 
THE EXPERIMENT 
Friday Washington. D C 
THE BLACKMAIL 
Saturday 
THE WEAPON 

IT ALL COMES TOGETHER ON 
LAC 
.TU 
AY 
It could be 

Paramount Pictures Presents a Robert Evans production a John Frankenheimer film starring Robert Shaw, Bruce Dem, Marthe Keller "Black Sunday' co-starring Fritz Weaver and Bekim Fehmiu, Music Scored by John Williams, Director of Photography John A. Alonzo, 
A.S.C., Executive Producer Robert L Rosen, Based on the Novel by Thomas Harris, 

Screenplay by Ernest Lehman, Kenneth Ross and Ivan Moffat Produced by Robert Evans, 
Directed by John Frankenheimer, Services by Connaught Productions, In Color 

 l l MSTAICT1o4* 
——r. 
3 " 
UM** S. MiG***** 
Read Hie Bantam papabadi Panavision; A Paramount Picture 
STARTS FRIDAY! t l M T U B V S O U T H 6 . U A O I H U N C O . A M W O N D E R 

UfMSHKWS SUNDAY fcAGAZtNt-Moi. 27, 1977 PAGI U 

Eli W allach: The insecure success 

N K W 
V O R K 
- 
M il 
W allach and Antic Ja c k ­ son. m al l ied L’M years. have their share of d if­ ferences. sonic of them over such trivialitie s as rid iml,' the subway 
“ M> w ile te lls m e. 
Don’t ever t itle the sub­ w a y . " ’ says I ’ll 
“ She says, 
•You've got the m oney. (Jet a lim ousine 
“ Actors are insecure and i f s hard for me. 
VV hen 
I was a kid iii 

Brooklyn, for m e to liny a suit was a fam ily de­ cision 
“ Kven now I w alk in to buy a sun and when a salesm an com es toward m e, 
I yet scared aud start to run away. You hear of actors w anting to keep the sh irt or the shoes they wore iii a pic­ ture. They re afraid they might need them .” 
W allach worked in si\ film s in IHTfi (probably 

On Broadway 

By EARL WILSON 

2'i over the year ) and has 
The Dom ino P rin ­ cip le " conium up. play­ ing a re tire d 
M a rin e 
Corps general who heads a conspiracy to assassin­ ate a political figure. 
H e’s fascinated at how hts o rg a n iz a tio n nets 

(lo n e H ack m an out of prison and hack with his wife, Candice Hem en, so he can be steered into 
PU 11 intr the tric k e r 
Ile ju st fin is h e d 
“ W inter K i l l s , ” a P re s i­ d e n tia l a s s a s s in a tio n film , portraying a Ja c k 

Ruby -tv pc character 
Despite all this work. 
C li re ce n tly re m in d ed friends that he hadn t made a film yet iii ID77 
“ A friend nave me a lot of old 
B ro a d w a y theater p ro g ra m s ,’’ tie says. “ and it m ade me very depressed 
I d id n ’t rem em ber any of those people! 
“ T here would be e m p lo y m e n t if didn t m ake a ll 

 hum’ budget pictures 
“ I asked one producer why instead of one sib m illio n p ic tu re they didn t m ake ten kl m il­ lion p ictures’’ He said. 
‘Non d on ’t understand economic s .’ I don’t 
W alla! Ii s eyes bright - 
(*ned as he discussed the plot!ine in “ The Domino 
P rin c ip le ,” which traces the act iv Hies of a Ja m e s 
C arl Hay character. 
“ You watch how they 

 r 
Today at 
— I r 
Today at 

M O Pl T H V A /EST B I X 
IM <o el LBBB <1o •* (eSefTveF fed 
14**214 
C E M T U P V S O U T H S s« Md * et rn SSW 
924*»J» 

CHECK DISPLAY AD 
FOR TIMF.S A POUCIFS 

CHECK DISPLAY AD 
FOR TIMES B POUCIFS 

“ AU THE PRESIDENT’S 
“ AIRPORT 77" win 
“ THE SLIPPER AND 
THE ROSE" 

 tAuLt 
AS LANDED 

“ THE DEMON 

"AIRPORT ’77" 
SHANE" 
“ MR. BILLION” 
“ HIGH NOON" 
"FREAKY FRIDAY" 
“ MR BILLION" 
“ PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN 
L 
J 
“ FREAKY FRIDAY" 

TODAY AT 
SAN KMO 
S A M P E D R O titbit MIHM out OOO* 
VB* 
BtfcftaM •* 
**< in 74 
CHK* DISMAY 
AD FO* TIMCS 

“ MISTY BEETHOVEN" 
"EXPOSE ME LOVELY’’ 
SOMETIME SWEET SUSAN’’ 

“ THE DEMON 

“DARK STAR 

SHAGGY D.A." 
TREASURE OF 
THE MATECUMBF 
---- -.I.... .... 

47oJ Son P*dro 

 mn 
BAUST 

 r i f f l e m r 
OTIAX 
SBB 
113o-3:oo-6 35 1 OOO 

PLUS 
“ FORTUNE 
AND 
MENS 
EYES" 
1:15 4:5o 8:2o4 

STARTS W f O N I SO A Y 
PVT M Y (N O M 
C H A M I PALAGI 

STARTS FRID AY 
RAIT OR IM H 
■ R O I L W I T H O U T A CAUM 

11:5o 2 2o 
4:5o 7:2o 
9 5o 

M A I T H W R l l t i t 
NO NM. MAT 
NO PASSES 

IN 4 -TR MCK 
STEREOPHONIC SOUND 

I utiith I fist, Sal< rU4 v R * 
Hit ^>li|qin and (hr ivw 

I Ik S o x v it! (. ni>k n il.) 

Richard Chamberlain Gemma Craven 
$ * f ' 
* - ' * 
A BEAUTIFUL MUSICAL 
RETELLING OF THE WORLD S 
FAVORITE FAIRY TALE. 

M W T N W K 1 V t i t m ntv— af uh 
»;m 
U SO I SO I SO 1)o 7 sot so 

( K N I U I I f s tot IM 
U 
I * HW t> W W l l V» 
*1 4 4411 
12 oo-2 oo-4 oo-6 oo-1 MHO OO 

BARGAIN MATINtF OAIIY FOR THEATRE CAPACITY 
FOR FIRST PERFORMANCE ONCY 
COMEDY! rT 
1 
ADVENTURE! 

V s a i 

U l t ) t H l M t 

TERENCE HILL 

. .______________ ___ VALERIE PERRINE 

" 
V 
T 
V 
JA C KIE GLEASON 

SU M PICKEN S 

M 
H 
H H 
W 
I I I t i t 
( K N I U I I f s t i l l I M 
U 
NO Ilk 
_______________________________IA I |ja________________ ____________ 
- . . -------... f . ■ h k im 
MAT 
I «< *< 4. « » i m 
414 44JI 

12oo-2 oo-4 oo-6 oo-1oo-1ooo ll 1o-2 1o-4 IOO IOO 1o-1o1o 

 ag 
>rn 

Annabel isn’t her self today neither is her mother... 

|a this morning 

THEY BECAME j f t 
^ A 
EMM OTHER! 

% 
\ 
• A * 
A 

Mf JUT DISNEY 
\ 
, 
, P pftooucnoM 
' 
-*V 
FREAKY 
U M M i 

* 
4.& 
AVG IIM 

V , 
A dacidMtn dYAamnl cam«V 

 tartan HARRIS, jmm FOSTER r i m . ASTIN mn ail i in tm Mi in t, 
« 
- • 
HAI' Hi 
UTA- i% 
'MU 

 f jjAAni 
’ODAY SHAGGY ll WH 4$ Mi TtlASURI I 3o 5 1o 9 IO 'N 
WOODLAWN MON SHAGGY 7 45 TREAS!/*! 5 3o 6 2o 
■ 

M A I I H M N t i 

 t i t f 12 OO 2 OO 
IlCr. 
4 oo 6 oo 
VSS. 
8 oo 1o oo 

S 
T 
H 
B 
K 

THC NEUKST PiNKCST 

PanTHCft OF ALI! 

IHI All NEW 
ADVENTURES 
Of IHI 
WOAIO’S MOST 
BUMOIING 
OI KC IIVI 

 r n 
VANA. SION Ct«K3A«lf 
V 
United Ait isis 

MECUM KAI IMI t OHI A 
IM M A IM CAPACITY ton (HST PUKORMtNCt 
ORIT 

W 
E E K ! 

PETER SOURS 

SAN PEDRO 
SHAGGY 7 3o U IS 

MISSION 
TREASURE 9 2o_______________________ 
T SO FOR CHILDREN AT ORIVE INS ONLY! 
TWO WALT DISNEY'S HITS 

U C H A D V E N T U R E ! 

M A A T B M H B Y 
U U M M D is n e y noon c h o * j 
® “'“‘-'^Treasure of fyatecumbe 

PAG! 14 EXPRESS-NEW5 SUNoAY MAGAZINE— Mar. 27, 1977 

It cfc mcokM 
G « 

“ THE KING & I” 
YUI BRYNNIR 
OIBORAH MIRR 
U SS 4:5o 9:45 (GI 
Pl US 

“ HELLO DOLLY” 
BARBARA STRKISAND 
WAITS MATTHAU 2 IS 71o IGI 

STA RTS THURSDAY 
_"JAW S" Plus “EARTHQUAKE" 
.. 

SHANI 
1oo 64o14o 
HIGH t aam m atin** daily th*oK* capacity It* 
•T ^ m iTu “ TT7777T ♦«' p^»'mant* sni' 
11:1o 4 IO B IO 
2 GREAT WESTERN CLASSICS 
HIGH NOON 

Gary Cooper 

Grace Kelly 

SHANE 
Alan Ladd 
Jean Arthur 

Was he a god the Devil or something even more terrifying... t h e d e m o n 

TONY 
IO BIA N C O 
SANOY 
G IN N IS 
O IBO RA H 
RAFFIN 

<ooay »-a« 4 4* [ C L I D X I ] ti 
****» 

4 2o 6oS 7 $5 4 45 L S S H 
B L I U 
H 
I THEATBf CAPAOTY 
MON 6o) 7 35 6 4} 
'ii nu FO! RRST 
FERFOEMAMCf OFAY 

An absolutely innesistatite romantic comedy. HAPPY DAYS 
ARE HERE AGAIN.” 
B*"'4'o O'** k**4Mpe'4• ll 

M 
V 

 f RMA 7 IO ll OO 
CLIMA* 4 ll 
ANG* 1o4o 

I A C U ARID 
OUT OOO* I MI ATB! 

IN F U A - S E X U M ( X ) 
CLIMAX BLUE BOW LII 

A N G IE B A B Y (X ) 

 plan 
I tit- c o n s p ira c y 
( a n e Hackm an is kept iii the d a rk a*> he noes aldim. He asks (illestinns 

W ho Is. ’they ’ that are glv mg the ordered 
Ile dues ii I knew lie ’s Md ill.s' 
Ie (In it 
Ills w lie is used as a bait. Ile has to do it ” 

W a lla c h h ave fun lines 

 m anaged ti* 
Ile al w a v s 

I bought a 
M a rlin 
< nips riim iii an St ti Ave. heck sim p. 
S ta n le y 
K ra m e r (the producer) said tie never saw a n y ­ body putt mu bis band tip to Ins face sn often.” 

“ A lot of the picture takes p lace iii a h e li­ copter. The pilot and I worked out a routine, it looked lik e lits hands were off the controls and 
I was piloting the chop­ per. That was to upset 
K ram er, ll s d lll’icult to fly one of those. It's like rotation your hand on your stom ach and p a t­ ting yourself on the head al the sam e tim e.*’ 

At just b eyo n d fill. 
W a lla c h , a c h a r t e r m em ber of A ctors S tu ­ dio. recalls breaking into mov ics in “ Baby D o ll.” 

“ O ld 
Jo e 
K e n n e d y wouldn’t allow us to play it iii New Pineland.” ho recalled 

Now he and Anne are re h e a rs in g a p lay to ­ g e th e r. 
“ A b sen t 
F rie n d s ." by Alan A yck ­ b o urn 
E l i ’s a l w a y s quoting Anne. A wom an asked h e r, “ S h o u ld 
I send my daughter to an 
En g lish acting sch o o l?" 
Anne replied. “ No, she can get just as many had habits h e re ." 

W a lla ch takes pride in a p ictu re he produced and s ta r r e d in wi t h 
Anne. “ The T ig er M akes 
O u t." 

“ A s tru g g lin g acto r worked in it for one day and got kL’OU.” he said 
“ Dustin H o ffm a n ." 

IU W A LL A C H 

CBer’s love-hate affair with smokey 

If you ask a highway p a tro lm a n w hat he thinks about ('Hers, you can get a pretty good idea about the intensity of the lox e-hate relation­ ship that has developed between ( Hers and Smo­ key. 
On one hand, the pa­ trolm an w ill tell you, 
( Bors are an invaluable source of information. 
T h e y ’re everyw here. 
On the superslab, the slate highways and the side roads. 
They tip off the cops about drunk drivers, ac­ cidents and crim e. 
But on the other hand, the same patrolman ex­ plains, many ( Hers are out to boat every radar trap in the country. 
T ru c k e rs and fou r- wheelers pass “ Smokey reports" up and down the road. 
The only speeders the radar will catch, tt often seems, are the ones who don't have CB. 
In at least half a dozen states the highway pa­ trols have launched con­ certed campaigns aimed at nailing ('Bors at the radar trap. 
By using single, un­ m arked c a rs , law e n ­ forcement officers have been ab le to catch hundreds of ( Bors o ff­ guard. 
And those ticketed, in turn, spread the word of the unm arked cars to thousands of o th er 
I Bors. 
The theory is that if 
( Bors are never sure xx here the unmarked car will Ik* next, they'll make an effort to slow down. 

C B C onvac 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor of Tho CW Times-Journnl 

F lo rid a p a tro lm e n have used the unmarked car system w ith some success. 
“ T he o b je c tiv e is simply to enforce the 55 mile per hour speed li­ m it,” says 
Bt. 
B T . 
Smallwood of the Florida 
Highway Patrol. 
“We are getting tired of citizens using ( Bs and getting away with speed­ ing. The plain cars make it even again ” 
Sm allwood says that 
Florida patrolmen were 

 startled when the pro­ gram first started, be­ cause just a handful of unm arked cars in the 
Jacksonville area gave out over 1,ooo tickets in just four days. 
In M ichigan, despite ex p e rim e n ts wi t h un ­ marked cars, the high­ way patrol still leans toward “ exposure” of radar units, and patrol brass have taken a more positive attitude towards 
(Bors. 
The state police, for 

 in s tan ce, p ublish a monthly newsletter. “ CB 
F E E D B A C K ,” which tells Michigan WBers and their clubs how much help they’ve been. 

The newsletter gives a total for calls made by 
( Bors to patrolmen, with a breakdown on the na­ 

 ture of the calls. 
In clu d ed an* the num ber of calls about crim e, accidents, drunk drivers, dangerous road 

MA** 'Mf A "Bt 

ENDS SOON! 
EASTWOOD AS DIRTY HARRY 
THE ENFORCER 
AT 12:45-2:35-4:25-6:oo-o:oo 
MON. AT 7:45-9:3o 

WONDER I 

G IN I WH DIR 

JIU C DRYBURGH 

RICHARD PRYOR 

“SILVER 
STREAK” 

(PG) 

 l:IS-3:2o-S:2S 
7 3o 9 35 

W ONDER 2 

STRflSAND 

KRISTOFFERSON 

“A STAR 
IS BORN” 

 rn 
1:45-4:2o 6:55 9 3o 

HURRY UST W HR! 

 t x jiii r 1 IIIxm x i n iTTTT<; 

I I) I 
I* 
T I M A S 
WTI I *o-3 o5 
<45-1o:3o 
1 
CHOW* 13o n* jim 
SOO-* JJ 
“ THE GREATEST SUPER STAR 
WHO EVER LIVED IN THE FILM 
CLASSICS THAT MADE HIM A 

 lEGEND 
B ruce I m 

• n ^U cE Le e 
(R> 

‘Fists of Fury’ 
BRUCK IU 

“n f c o M u i 
CONNECTION'' 

M M M 

 lUtOAN KA' NO foAAT FOO lH U T II 
■capacity ka wry 
I 
W H O IM AN Cf OMIT 

JA W S 
ROY SCHEIDER 

ROY SHAW 

RICHARD 
DREYFUSS 

PLUS 
. 

 gmmmmmmmmrmmmmmm 
"■""■■■■■•■■■■I 

I H i n d c n b u r y i 

Mo Sui""* 
A n n e B a n c r o f t 

UNiVUSAl 
TRAIL 

Manotus 12:45 3:4o ( 35 1:35 ORI 2:55 5:oo *oo 

I i AOMS 12:45 3 4o * 35 1:35 
« 
2 *5 5 *o I O* 

KIIQtftS 7:3o 11:25 ORI TOSH IS 

! Ntfclll of I* WHCMft •*' rn V 'N im if; J, 4m o* ‘M * i* «& m 
Rf AW ”1 
[rn -I tv 'la 
H -€*• 

AOL ITS O SU X N r > * 

FROM THE DIRECTOR 
O f DEEP THROAT AND 
DEVIL IN MISS JONES pl US 
THE ONLY CIRL SN TO \l ’N 
(X) 

T h e A l l A m e r i c a n G i r l 

 c o n d itio n s , alo n g xxith what t.\|M*s of action the law m en took iii the eases reported by ( Bors. 

“ We w ant to work w ith 

( Bers.” says Michigan patrol Bt. Hod BaMore. 

“ T h e y help us out every day, and we want that to continue.” 

Y A U ! V H I o u r OOO* TMI A TMI 
CUCKOOS 
’ St I MS 
IM M HMM 
JACK NICHOLSON 

DUSTIN HOFFMAN in " L E N N Y " f f l 

DIARY 7 3 o -1o 45 
ROGUS 9 :1o 

BANNED IN 36 
YOU CAN SEE IT NOW 
WITHOUT A SINGLE CUT 
"DIARY OF 
A RAPE" (R) 
US 
“ ROGUE” 

PLUS 

(R) 

U T O * IW M 
Out OOO! Y Mi ATIS 

CAMPY 
/JO-KUS 
COCOA 9 35 

THE CANDY f 4 
TANGERINE MAN" 
SJL 

 c « ) s 
PLUS 
IOU BIAR* 
(R) fcOCOA i m 

W w jail so«im: nu 
M isty 
Beethoven’ 

“ EXPOSE ME “ SOMETIME vLOVELY” (ti 
SWEET SUSAN" n j 

In the privacy 

 of this woman s room 
Against her will 

A sensually self-programmed murderously intelligent non-being... 

 commits the inconceivable act of terror! 

JULIE CHRISTIE CARRIES 
THE DEMON SEED" 

Fear for her. 
- — 

METRO-GOIDWYN MAYER present! A HERB jAffE PRODUCTION 

 julie christie-"D E M O N SEED ' Fritz weaver 
Scteenptor br ROBERT JAFFE ana ROGER o HUTSON O-ettea 6, DONALD GAMMELL Pto<*. co 5* HERB JAFFE 
Uh** JERRY FIELDING Fimea -n PANAVISlON* ME TROCOLOR j o t x 
„ 

 fseoo 
Baniom Boo*] 
M 
G M 
^ K f U n ite d A n t l i a 
STARTS FRIDAY! 
NORTHWEST SIX • CENTURY • CINI CINCO 

RESTRICTED 

In 1943 sixteen German paratroopers landed in 
England. 

In three days they almost won the War. 

DO I’A eon toot: 
Hits W a llin 
» J O OHM* Mio (Nill J* PNWLiitt *-n 
MICHAEL CAINE 
DONALD SUTHERLAND 
ROBERT DUVALL 
THE EAGLE HAS LANDED ' t e ^ af N R MOTKO M M F U A S t W ! 
Ll <441 MIU 
4MWkS» SRI Hilo ’BIK joot Hisn sit (tut umm J * "im * 
C LA R R Y H A G M A N N rub ► URI SOMO* 
"un*1. OM WM J Mil. im 
JOU MMS > » « h M t OtWIIm MO C*«L% J* 
I 
«U»,4ttSm«lS 
S S -ut* Mr 
I 
H A S lM ® ® 

N O R T H S T A R 
343-93o4 

12:2o-2:4o-5:oo-7:2o 9:4o 

BARGAIN 
MAT 
DAItV 

(IN V U IY f. 
K H I M 
V iii e» WWWW 
» 

12:oo-2:3o-5:oo-7:3o-1o:oo 

(XPftfSS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— Mor 21, 1977 PAGE 15 

DIAL 
227-4211 
TOMORROW 
AND 
ORDER BY PHONE! 
We'll charge it to your fosko's account! 
TO 
CALL JOSHES TOLL 
FREE. ii you live within a 6o mile radius of San 
Antonio, dial Operator and ask for ENterprise 
9951 

■« 

Take things in stride in Life 
Stride's T-straps 
2ooo 

Feel so good, you can wear them all day . .. that's what you can say about these new T-straps. The Carmel dress sandal has a lower heel, soft flexible uppers, and elastic gores or narrow straps to give you every bit of comfort and a great fit. Choose from red, white, bone, navy, camel smooth, and black shiny. In sizes 614-1o slim, 6-1o narrow, 
5-1o medium. 
Women's 
Shoes, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, 
Austin Highland Mall. Charge it! 

"Have a nice lusted! 
SHE’S 

A 1 ’ NIT O f A U I t l S T O B I 
SHOP ALL STORES IO 'TIL 9 MONDAY! 

 fA G E 14 EXfKfSS-WfWS SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E— M er. 2 7 , 19 77 

Express-News 
& League of 
Women Voters 
Hours Glide 
SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1977 

INSIDE: 
"I 

Council M ap.........................9 
School R a c e s.....................IO 
M unicipalities................... 13 

The Express-News takes pride in joining the League of 
Women Voters of the San Antonio Area in presenting this handy voters guide. Readers will find in the guide information on all contested candidates and contested races — council or school board — to be voted on in Bexar County on April 2. 

Keep this guide for use in casting your vote on April 2. Your vote is what makes the democratic system work. 

All contested candidates were contacted by the League of 
Women Voters, either by registered mail or by telephone. 
In the San Antonio mayor's race, each candidate was allowed a maximum of I OO words to answer each of the three questions. Some chose to use fewer words. 
The League of Women Voters of the San Antonio Area is a non-partisan, volunteer organization which works to promote political responsibility through active informed participation of 

For mayor of San Antonio 

 all citizens in their government. Membership in the league is open to all citizens of voting age. The league D O E S NO T support or oppose any political party or candidate. It D O ES publish and distribute factual information to help prepare citizens to cast an informed vote. The IN FO RM A T IO N in this 
VOTERS GUIDE was obtained by means of questionnaires sent to each candidate and answers are printed with the consent of those candidates responding. 

What do yon set as the primary concern ter the city? 
What will be your approach to working with a single -member district Connell? 
How should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

L.C. GLASCO, 
58, col­ lege and university, other courses; bishop, evange­ list, pastor of Indiana Free 
Methodist Church; organ­ izer civic and culture af­ fairs, civil rights freedom, equality, helping others, leadership, adjustments, etc. 

Leadership, management, concern for others, as well to the council persons, respect the opinion, the people. Growth, attract attention, build freeways now. A change is needed. Elect me. Improvements for business, jobs, safety, care, utilities, tax, streets, lighting, etc. Lower the rates,. equilize funds, and revenue sharing to all citizens alike, hold public meetings when others can attend. A firm guide, stability, manage all city business, annex other areas, pay the fire fighters and policemen as promised. Change the plans. 

Respect their views) and consult them first, and listen to complaints, individual basis. Allow industry to build where they want to. Never allow discrimination. No bribes, no prejudice, make use prayer, tact, spiritual, religious, be kind to the people, because they have been hurt en­ ough. 

A change is needed. New plans. Lower utilities and taxes. Share the funds Help the poor and needy, welfare. Other projects are needed, save money by three Loops around the city now. Pave streets, another way of drainage, etc. Small business loans encourage others to come here and live. A new City Hall. New parking procedure. 
Stop pulling off cars, another downtown approach to trade, and trade fair for every country. Citizens participation. New shop­ ping centers. Increase industry, more jobs. 
No compromise in fuel. Give the people their money back. Do not fool the people* 
No horse racing on Sunday and massaging. 
Stop crime in the city. 

GEORGE BIGLEY, 56, was born in San Antonio. 
He has attended St. Louis 
High, Soldan Night School, 
D raughn’s 
Business 
College, St. Mary’s Uni­ versity, graduate Jeffer­ son; owned m anufactur­ ing, import businesses; clothing broker; manager- 
/partner Bigley Industries 
1945-55; currently, broker. 

Utilities. We must pay for utilities such as water, gas and electricity at a reasona­ ble rate first or we cannot bring in clean industry. We need industry especially in 
South and West San Antonio so that we can generate more taxes in that area and relieve the people of the high tax structure in all areas of San Antonio. We must protect the aquifer but we need surface water in San Antonio We need to solve our drainage problems and fix our streets in all sections of the city. We must not kill a man just because he swears or gets drunk. 

Each single member councilman should bring his or her problems of the district to the council and the problems should be worked out for the benefit of all the people of the city. Tax money should be spent in ratio to what each district pays. No tax money should be wasted or given to special interests; no closed door meetings; get back. as much tax money as possible from fe­ deral and state government for schools, streets, drainage 

The city should not expand too fast so that it becomes bankrupt. Small and big businesses should be taken into considera­ tion when we expand so that we don't bankrupt the small business and big busi­ ness in the inner city and lose tax money. 
We should be careful where the develop­ ments are so that we don’t bankrupt our present malls and businesses and even the new developments. We should try to get oil, gas, coal on competitive bid from all sources of rated companies so as to get the best price. 

SUSAN GARRY, 
29; high school graduate; at­ tended University of Mar­ yland; SAC; w aitress; member National Organi­ zation for Women. 

This is a majority Chicano city yet 
Chicanos suffer racial oppression through inadequate bilingual education, poor hous­ ing, discrimination in hiring and poor health facilities. This city is overwhelm­ ingly composed of working people yet it is the interests of the rich businessmen that are represented in the city government. 
The City Council and mayor have been more willing to make backroom deals with Lo- 
Vaca than to fight for lower gas prices. Not one word has been said by any of the candidates besides ourselves in support of the strike al Friedrich Air Conditioning. 
What we need is a government of working people. We need to break with the racist, anti-labor Democratic and Republican parties and form our own independent labor party. 

The voters’ decision to form single­ member districts was a step forward in helping to bring the voices of Blacks and 
Chicanos into city government. We socia­ lists think that Blacks and Chicanos should have the right to control the affairs of their communities. We support affirmative ac­ tion in hiring, housing, funding for educa­ tion and all areas in which Black and 
Chicanos suffer discrimination. We support forming independent Blacks and Chicano parties, like La Raza Unida Party, that can fight 365 days a year to end discrimination and racism We support efforts to organise opposition to apartheid in South Africa and to fight the cutbacks in educational funding by the Briscoe and Carter Administrations. 

We would put human needs before pro­ fits. There is no energy crisis — only a concerted drive by the oil and gas com­ panies to raise gas prices by refusing to produce gas until we give in. The gas companies say there is no gas — we say let’s open the books and inspect their production facilities. The federal govern­ ment can afford $119 billion for war yet it cuts back on educational loans and grants. 
The mayor and city council can afford to spend money on a trade fair yet monies for decent drainage in the barrios and ghettoes are doled out with an eyedropper. We say abolish the war budget and use that money for human needs in the cities. Put a moratorium on interest payments to the banks and use the money for jobs to build decent housing, schools and hospitals. 

JOSE SAN MARTIN, 6o, received his elem entary education in Mexico, his secondary and high school degrees in San Antonio and 
Laredo. Tex.; his doctor of optom etry, Los Angeles 
College of Optometry; in practice in San Antonio since 1949. 

Economic development to generate more and better paying jobs. This can be brought about only through strong leadership, a 
.true relationship between the private and public sectors. There has been too much decisiveness not only in City Council Itself, but within the community. 
We must create a healthy climate and political stability in our municipal govern ' ment in order to attract private enterprise to undertake new projects, not only from local businessmen but from out of the city, too. There are too many of our citizens who are either unemployed or underemployed, with many skilled workers going out of town in search of work 

The leadership of the mayor in our brand new single member district council will be the deciding factor in keeping individual council persons committed to the overall benefit of the entire community while at the same time addressing the particular prob­ lems of their individual districts. What is good for a district must also In* good for the entire city, and vice versa. 
The mayor must share the special con­ cerns of each district by working with each district councilman or councilwoman to define a program of action which is not only feasible, but economically acceptable lo the city’s resources. 

The Master Plan which is specified in the 
City Charter must be realistic and capable of accomplishing our most urgent needs. 
The Growth Plan must be a guide and influence, not inhibit or dictate our future growth. Planning and zoning and the proper policies of our utilities and the service they provide must take into consi­ deration all the concerns of all our areas in the city. 
We must go ahead with our coal and nuclear generators to insure an adequate energy supply for the years ahead. Natural gas and fuel oil will become scarce and therefore should be phased our gradually, except for heating and residential use. 
Surface water will definitely be needed soon. 

£ 

JAMES C. 
WILLING­ 
HAM, 53, high school gra­ duate; design and build­ ing, drilling rigs, water well, cable tools; in past 35 years worked in 25 states in city utilities, sewer, w ater, gas. drainage, streets, bridge, highway overpass; building erec­ tion. steam power generator. 

For a better planned city government, cut useless spending, and stabilize taxes for the citizen. Not to plan but get with the issue at hand, move forward to achieve our goal. The Mitchell Lake project long overdue. Our disposal refuge which is nearing another deadline Date set by the stale. I brought this before a City Public 
Service engineer some five years ago at that time he said I was wrong there was no usable, it is a proven fact this has been in operation for over 55 years, and there is no pollution. 

The problems of each council district will tie handled in a proper manner The council member will be help intact by their dis­ trict If problem arise is only minor most of the time can be taken care of or set into a project for a finish removal. 

To encourage new business from all paris of the state and from the northern parts of the U.S. We should first encourage our people to put in business with and outlook to advance grow as the people grow with them. The energy crisis can be solved. But it will not be an overnight project. 
First place is to use disposal refuge to a more economical advantage to our benefit by turning this into gas that will supple­ ment our natural gas cml. This is now at hand 

What do yon see as the primary concern for ar-ag__________________________ 

What will he your approach lo working with a single -member district council? 
How should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis?_____________ 

RAUL RODRIGUEZ, 68. seventh grade education; I 
5o years fighting d isc ri­ mination and injustice; ll year practical (honest) political education in rot­ tenness of City and County governm ent. 
Y ears of stru g g le against new spaper monopoly dic­ tatorship. 

(a) It’s survival. The city is under attack by the agents of the northern carpet-bag­ gers who are taking San Antonio over, drinking up our w ater, overloading our sewage system , overloading our garbage disposal system , and MOST Im portant; 
MONOPOLIZING SAN ANTONIO JOBS. 
(b) Sanitizing our City Hall by firing department heads who have been sponging on the city for IO, 15. 28 years and more. 
(t) New chief of police. Investigation of 
TAX REAPPRAISAL SCANDAL. 

Common sense approach. Point out our responsibility is to the W HOLE CITY Show them that favoritism to one section d a­ m ages the rest of the city. Show them where the skeletons are. to distruct the staff, to double-check staff information. 

Stop growth, till center of city is repopu­ lated and it’s economic health restored. 
Restrict city jobs to S A. city homeowners, to unclog expressw ays saving gasoline 
Outlaw concealed, recessed lighting in all buildings which is pretty, but wasteful. 

SAUL EDWARD JASSO. 
26, has completed 12 years 
.of education. He is a cos- lmetologist. 

The primary concern for this part of the country wuld have to be the attitude of the people as a whole. Another main concern 
Sis the pay wages of city employes as well as im illtary p erso n n el. They need b e tte r w orking conditions and b elter benefits 
Give people a three day work week. 

Listen to the needs of all the members. 
Make sure each one are doing their jobs 
,and tak in g c a re of the needs of th eir idistrict. 

. % 
St * d p 
* 

We as citizens should be more aware of what we as Americans have in this part of the world. Should learn to SAVE our energy because one dav we will not have it as we do 
.in 1977 

JOHN J. MONTREY, 
64, m arried; attended Uni­ v ersity of W isconsin in 
Madison; owner, president 
Falstaff Beer. Inc.; active in city’s civic life; has re­ ceived num erous aw ards in recognition of his parti­ cipation and support in ci­ ty's civic affairs 

I wick of jobs and low per capita income. 
San Antonio is 1oth in size and 4oth in in­ come and no one in office now seem s to care. Of course, it all boils down to lack of leadership! in the past We need to aggres­ sively solicit new industry to provide us with mon? and better jobs. When people make better wages they can afford better housing which builds a broader tax base and enables the city to offer better services. 
It will take a stro n g , business-m inded mayor to accomplish this and pull San An­ tonio out of its economic rut. 

In a single-member council, each council m em ber is d irectly responsible for his constituency. I will encourage members to remain responsive by holding “ town hall” meetings in their districts once a month to discuss with people from that district their particular problems and needs. I feel that the needs of San Antonio can best be served when all citizens are heard, and these dis­ trict forums will provide that opportunity. 
In addition, I can provide the kind of lea­ dership to pull together a diverse council so that we, as a council, can work for all of San 
Antonio 

I would approach growth by planning and building growth generators in those areas of our city that need growth. This creates more growth in the areas surrounding the initial project. As to the energy crisis, the city should have long ago looked for alter­ nate gas suppliers and alternative sources of energy Now, much later and many dol­ lars short, I think we should aggressively pursue this line to insure ultim ate economy and benefit to the ratepayer. 

LILA U(H KRELL, 
55. graduated from Paschal! 
High, Fort Worth; B A. in 
Speech, SMU; m a rrie d , two daughters; housewife; 
City 
Council 
1963-7o, 
*73-’75; Mayor ‘75-present; 
Past President League of 
W omen V oters; C hurch 
W omen U nited; T exas 
Municipal League. 

My main priorities; I) expansion of our economic base through working with the private sector to provide mere and better jobs; 2) continued efforts to stabilize utility bills and diversify our energy sources; 3) continuation of downtown revitalization; 4) strong support for law enforcem ent pro­ gram s; 5) protection of our vital aquifer water supply; 8) completion of a com pre­ hensive m aster plan to assure stable econ­ omic growth while protecting our city's environm ent; 7 ) strong support for im ­ proved neighborhood services through wise use of our limited resources 

I want a strong, working council and will continue to work with every m em ber to assure each the opportunity to m ake a constructive contribution in all decisions. 
When the new term begins, I will schedule a thorough orientation and work session to acquaint members with our processes and problem s. Working with the city council and m anagem ent, I will establish basic goals and priorities for the new council during the first two weeks of the new term. 

We m ust move forw ard on the co m ­ prehensive m aster plan to assure San An­ tonio has stable economic growth — more and better jobs — while protecting our en­ vironment. The city council m ust insist that the proposed growth sketch, which I support in priniciple, is thoroughly re ­ viewed in light of ihe comments we have received. The essential element of success is flexibility and the full and meaningful participation of our citizens in all parts of 
San Antonio. We must assure wise use of our limited resources and avoid the cosily mistakes which, in the past, have resulted from a lack of com prehensive planning. 

For City C ou ncil, S o n A n to n io , D istrict I 

HENRY G. CISNEROS, 29, married, two children; B A , m aster of urban planning (Texas A&M); m asters, public administration (Harvard); PhD Public 
A dm inistration (G eorge W ashington 
University); city m anager’s office (San 
Antonio, B ryan); N ational League ol 
Cities; White House Fellow, assistant to 
Secretary (HEW); assistant professor, 
UTS A. 

Fair w S N L , .. support residences senior citizens 

 services to services lo 

------------------- 

What do you see as the primary concern for the city? 
Hew should tile city approach plagued growth aud the energy crisis? 
1 
- 
.. 

The top priority before our city is the need to diversify our economic base, to deal with high unemployment rates, low m edian incom es, and inadequate job growth My efforts have resulted in the city Office of Economic Development and industrial Revenue Bond Powers for the City. We m ust act on additional proposals — (i e., industrial parks) for a more aggressive city posture. 

Comprehensive planning is a neces­ sary tool for fiscal projections and for assuring fairn ess to the whole city 
Planning m ust be supported. Our re­ sponse to the energy crisis must address statew ide gas pricing practices (i.e.. such as “ redeterm ination” clauses). 
But we must be prepared to take de­ cisive local action on rate relief. 

ROBERTO G. RODRIGUEZ, 35. at­ tended San Antonio College; sales dis­ tributor for Rios Beauty Supply; former social worker. 

Stabilization of our utility costs by creating an alternate source of energy are m ajor concerns of the city. Addi­ tionally, we need to make downtown San 
Antonio an attractive place to encourage new business to establish there rather than outside the city. 

VICTOR V. GONZALEZ, attended 
Laredo Junior College, where he re­ ceived his associate business degree; has lived in District I for 24 years 

(a) Increased drainage and sidewalk construction, (b) improved sanitation service, (e) development of the down­ town area to increase the business acti­ vity, (d ) co n stru ctio n of ram p s in downtown area to aid handicapped 

San Antonio s economic well-being is dependent to a large extent on Depart­ ment of Defense allocations. It is im ­ portant that San Antonio expand its search for additional businesses of ac­ ceptable nature to relieve the city of its dependence on military dollars arid also to help lower the general unemployment rate. 

New business along w ith lig h t in dustry com ing into San Antonio wit bring needed jobs and tax revenues lo use in our communities We need to de v Clop a new energy source as the poop! in D istrict I cannot afford to pay to< high utility bills 

The topics m entioned a re far to complex in nature to be discussed in th space allotted. 

For City Council, Son Antonio, District 2 

M URRENE GILFORD, 52; B S Wiley 
College; three years c h artered life un ­ derw riters; certificiate, UTSA College of 
Business; insurance counselor; d istrict m anager; Alamo Citv C ham ber of Com­ m erce (president 1964-68); San Antonio 
T ra n s it B oard (p re se n tly c h a irm a n ); 
San Antonio Hum an R elations C om m is­ sion; owns retail business. 

I see d r i . , for my djstrfc’ non-existent where w ater ige, th ere a re m any places w here w ater sta n d s and also runs into people's hom es so they cannot get out. O n m a n y streets, a fter it m ins, sidents have to d etour to get hom e. re- 

What do yon see as the p rim ary concern for the c ity ? ____________________________ 

I see getting the com m unity together in a cooperative effort as the p rim ary concern for the city. Once this is done, I believe the problem s that concern all the citizens can be w orked out. I believe when people begin to care about people, they will be able to understand the needs of the less fortunate. 

- til, •si5 ¥4. 
**I 
- . 
BJ*,. 
*r 
OO ’ ii IMB ^ ' f f v l * 

 p r o s i t crisis 
In te re st in w ithout haste w hat effect e s e n t c it to the cit 

E F F IE P O P E BLAND IN, 59. m a r­ ried; B A., religion, history; g rad u ate hours, social w ork, h ealth c a re m an ­ a g e m e n t; so c ial w o rk e r; p e rso n n e l m an ag er; p resen tly U nit C oordinator 
B exar C ounty M ental H e a lth /M e n ta l 
R etardation; retired teacher. 

H ealth E ducation (physical and m en­ tal education). Since m an is a composite of w hat is absorbed, abd his behavior s ig n a ls p o ss e s s aU ittloeT , ^ s t r i c t I m ust unveil and use the hidden multi- culture of Us hum an resources. 

M ass tran sit and w ith provision for through traffic over trains going to and from the E ast Side to dow ntow n San 
Antonio 

Planned grow th should lead from t__ c en tral city outw ard w ith em phasis on those a rea s m ost in need of econom ic grow th. 

GEORGE R. NORMAN, 44. m arried, five c h ild ren ; a tte n d ed P ra irie View 
A&.M; g ra d u a te St. P h ilip ’s C ollege; senior CTS A, pursuing degree, in poli­ tical science and sociology,, Senior NCO, 
USAF retired; financially independent. 

. The p rim ary concern of D m strict % is the ex cessiv e Cost of u tilitie s, and it follows that all other problem s cannot be adequately considered until the prim ary problem is resolved. O th er p ro b lem s include revitalization of stre ets, d ra in ­ age system s, unem ploym ent, police and fire protection, housing and deplorable vacant hits 

I perceive the prim ary concern of the city as a just resolution of the excessive utility costs. The city cannot effectively address other pressing problem s until th at c ru c ia l m a tte r is reso lv ed . T he problem s of m aintaining a satisfactory quality of life, attracting new industries, rev italizatio n of stre e ts and d rain ag e depend on ending the utility ripoff. 

H ie city should p ress the suit against the gas supplier to ifs judicial conclu­ sion. T he Courts are the proper area for resolution of litigations of such an a s­ tronom ical nature. It should be perfectly clear to all that we can ne longer afford the luxury’ of uncontrolled urban spraw l. 

VICTOR L. D E PR E E 
Ne response. 

( HARLES WILLIAMS 
No response. 
I 

JO E W EBB, 41, m a rried , four ch il­ dren; attended SAC; St. M ary's, pre law student; store director, m ajor retail food c o rp ., eig h t y e a rs ; p u b lic re la tio n s . 
Downtown YMCA, 13 years; active com ­ m unity service, fraternal organizations. 

The d istrict has a m ultitude of prob­ lem s, all relating to inner city d eterio r­ ation. We have lost over 12,o6o people to other districts of the city All inner city a re a s have the sam e p ro b lem s: high unemploym ent am ong our youth, crim e and inner city flight caused by a lack of new housing. 
- . 

The p rim ary concern for the city is inner city redevelopm ent based upon planned growth for the entire city. The city is now suffering from what is known as the donut syndrom e (em pty m iddle). 
W ould ra th e r have th e w agon w heel syndrom e (strong m iddle-hub of activi­ ty!. 

The city should concentrate on renova­ tion and revitalization of the downtown area so that all d istric ts w ill prosper. 
T here should be cooperation w ith p ri­ vate and public sectors in the search and developm ent of less expensive sources of energy. 

ALFREDO COY, 33. has a BA in po­ litical science from St. M ary’s Umver-t sity; unem ployed m ed ia c o m m u n ica ­ tions consultant and radio and television producer; veteran. US Air Force; Mexi­ can A m erican N eighborhood O rganiza­ tion; C atholic fam ily and C h ild re n 's 
Service Special Project on Housing. 

Jobs, re cre atio n a l facilitie s, com m - nunity resources (i.e. referral, m edical, health, v eteran s, etc.). E quitable edu­ cation an d ed u catio n al reso u rces. R e­ sponsible and responsive law enforce­ m ent. B usiness, iu ighborhood ecologi­ c a l d e v e lo p m e n t, P r im a r y c o n c e rn dissem ination of inform ation of. council happenings whicB concern a p r p art icu- iar d istrict, m any residents w h u a ^ 

A planned growth schem e that would develop all sectors of the city is m ost necessary, the inner city also m ust be developed as to allow grow th and ren ­ aissan ce, jobs, ed u catio n , h ealth and welfare. 

Although I am aw are that there have been planning and com m unity sessions concerning city grow th, I do not feel that any plan can be im plem ented w ithout access to inform ation about this growth and insuring th at this Inform ation will be disaem hw itett th ro u g h m ed ia eom- 
; and through local and m ore 

I & e?c* » u, 
- >■ 
5. 

P. G. JACKSON 
For City Council, Son Antonio, District 3 

S.A. FULCHER, 58. BS University of 
P itts b u rg h . MA G eo rg e W ash in g to n 
U niversity; Texas life certification, se­ condary teacher. Ph.D .; W ho’s Who in 
A m erican and U niversity A d m in istra­ tion; businessm an, over 35 years exper­ ience in executive adm inistration 

What de yon toe as tie primary concern far nm ilbMrtct? 
- 
■ 

C u rb s, d ra in a g e , sew ag e d isp o sa l, street im provem ents and m aintenance 
U pgrading ut cRy*owr*«d r«c»ca**uasl a r e a s . A s tr id e n t v o ice on th e C ity 
Council for fair aigd equitable services in jpistrict 3 The Southeast q uadrant of the city w illb e ignored no m ore. D istrict 3 has rom p alive! L it us clean it up. 

— 

What do you see as the prim ary concern for the city?____________________________ 

COST O F ENERGY to the individual billpayer! Uncommon control of the City 
P u b lic S e rv ic e C o m p an y th ro u g h a client-oriented revision of its c h arter, its capital investm ents and its percentage of profits beyond actual costs of opera­ tions. Its profits should be absolutely m inim al viz. ‘ hair-line’’. 

 approach planned 

 m— -i-r will cause a n “ E n e rg y not a “ C ris is ’'. U n rem ittin g by an aroused electorate will 

 city 
Fiasco’ pressure 
...... 
.. u ltim ate ly fo rce th e city to p u rsu e a m eans of solving the problem with state and federal cooperation Election of de 
I {ermined tw ined-persons is the only sd- 

 lillMDlltlWli 
MlHK* 
J 

JO HN D R E SK IN , 
68. h igh school g ra d u a te ; a tte n d ed W est P oint P rep 
School. C hem ical W arfare School, N a­ tio n a l D efen se S chool; 12 y e a rs US 
Army; A/C Flight E ngineer; A/E W eight and balance quality control inspector; retired Civ it S en ice. 

D ra in a g e , se w ag e, s tr e e ts , p a rk s, clean up M itchell I .ake, new business, 
'lig h t industry, 
I i 
™ 

E x p an d th e Police D e p a rtm e n t to cover m ore protection for the citizens of 
San A n tonio. N eed m o re in d u s try . 
D rainage and increased recreation faci­ lities for low incom e neighborhoods. 

We m ust have a team of individuals who eau get things accom plished for all the people of San Apt»*r»m. We m ust push ahead w ith our coal p lan ts and long ra n g e p la n n in g to d iv e rs ify our m ailab le sources of fuel and w ater 

GLEN HORTON, 
37. m arrie d . Tour 
Children, veteran ES Coast G uard; a t­ ten d e d B ra c k e n rid g e . SAU. St 
E d ­ w ard s; now m a ste r e le c tric ia n : voca­ tional instructor, SAU: m em lier Aquifer 
P ro te ctio n A ssn,; " S h ie ld s " ; B oard 
South San Antonio (’. of C. (vice presi­ dent, chairm an I State C om m ittee N a­ tional Health Security, two PT A Boards 

My d istrict is dying from lack of a t­ ten tio n 
W hile we sen d h u g e w a te r m ains and u tilitie s into a re a s on the 
North Side w here there are no people, there are areas on the South Side with no so w ers, but we hav e a ll th e sew ag e p la n ts , ju n k y a rd s , b ad s tr e e ts and drainage 

P ro te ctio n of th e E d w a rd s A quifer 
R echarge Zone is a m ust. I can’t under­ stand why the city w ater board w ants to buy rig h ts to su rfa ce w ater when the aquifer is at is its highest level since they began keeping records. C ontinue revitalization of downtown, jolts, stim u ­ late econom ic growth in South San An­ tonio. 

The city should grow within its lim its and not c re a te u rb a n sp raw l 
A city should be like a flower, and bloom from the inside out and not in one direction. 
M ore effectiv e tra n s p o rta tio n system should be developed to conserve fuel 
Solar, nuclear, and coal should be used to conserve natural gas. im 

" p a t 

LEO HAHN, 4o. is m arried, six chil­ dren; g ra d u a te Sam H ouston H igh 
School; attended San Antonio College; m em ber St. B enedict's C hurch, Moose lodge, I.O F Deputy and Knights of Co­ lu m b u s; se rv e d in A rm y N a tio n a l 
G uard; life-long resident. D istrict 3. 

I will w ork to gel D istrict 3 its fair sh a r e of th e c ity , s ta te an d fe d e ra l benefits that other parts of the city en­ joy. T he citizen s of D istrict 3 need a co uncilm an who w ill re p re se n t th eir needs and not those of a sm all political power group 

I fa v o r s tr o n g e r p ro te c tio n for consum ers; will work for m ore economy in the city governm ent to m ake our tax d o lla r o rk h a rd e r an d in itia te an open-door policy. I feel I could respon­ sibly represent the people of our D istrict 
3. 

City Council that allows all citizens the opportunity to obtain positions of lea­ dership and responsibilities will help the city approach planned grow th A long te rm energy policy th at p rev en ts our city from energy crisis. H ealthy econ­ omy that halts run away inflation that hurts all the citizens. 

GARY W. WOITENA. 
22. two vi al s 
C entral C atholic High; g ra d u ate lligh- 
No picture huyfs, High two y e ars SAC, one year available 
UTSA. political science (Major; m em ber 
St 
M argaret M ary's C atholic Church; employed Negley & Co., 31*^ years. 

The m ajor concern for D istrict 3 is the need for m ore grow t h and developm ent 
This has been extrem ely neglected in our district I would do all possible to b rin g m o re g ro w th and h en ce m o re money into my district I would Uke to see som e tig h t in d u s try — m a n u ­ facturers of consum er durables — in my dbUriet T his would (dean m ore jobs. 

The p rim ary concern for the city is a firm energy plan for the future Coal is fine for now. but coal prices will go the way of gas prices We should concen­ trate on the South Texas nuclear project while keeping an eye on developm ent of solar energy. 

As for planned grow th, the city has reached its northern boundary in the form of the Edw ards Aquifer. T hat area is dead. We m ust look south now We should also revise the grow th charts to show th is . C o n se rv a tio n is th e o n ly 
'im m ediate answ er lo the energy crisis I 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S-Sundoy, March 27, 1977 

What do you see as the primary concern for your district? 
What do you sec as the prim ary concern for the city? 
How should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

BOB BILLA, 57; Brackenridge High i School; Army Air Force Pilot School; 

I real estate; City Council, two years; 
I chairm an, city Planning and Zoning 
C om m ission; m em ber, 197o-74 bond committee for street and drainage im­ provements for South and Southeast San 
Antonio; Tax Reappraisal Committee; j 
* City-County Reappraisal Board. 

Street and drainage im provem ents. 
Police sub-station. Economic grow th like the Northside. Expansion of area around Stinson M unicipal A irport to create jobs. 

Alternate energy sources to stabilize utility rates and lessen our dependency on gas. Healthy growth without strin ­ gent controls. Now businesses to create job opportunities. 

Growth — with a plan that would not have stringent controls that would force people away from areas. 
Energy — a balanced energy source; nuclear, coal, gas. this would make us less dependent on gas resources. Would stabilize utility rates. ii 

BONNIE 
SUN VISON, 
56, studied psychology at Phoenix Evening College. a widow with five children; Republician precinct chairm an. District 3, !6 years; election judge; alternate Reagan dele­ gate national convention; m em ber 
Highland Hills Baptist Church (finance committee); volunteer scouts, 
Red 
Cross, military family services. 

P rotection trom rep eat crim in a ls, drainage, attracting business that will build a better community image in our district. Rising school taxes thai place a burden on home owners and discourage home buying. B etter zoning law s to protect residential neighborhoods. 

R eturning the downtown arca to a place where people can walk, shop, or conduct a business w ithout constant fear. This will attract new business and stop the constant move to the suburbs. 
Rising taxes and utility bills. 

Utilize existing buildings-m an and woman power and funds Allocate mon­ ey for drainage, jail, services, streets, w ithout yielding to pressu re groups. 
Working for deregulation of price con­ trols plus our new coal plant is a step toward solving the energy crisis. 
.*3 

JAM ES LISTER, 
52, high school; professional auctioneer, liquidator, ap­ praiser; licensed pilot; disabled veteran; m achinery designer, m achinist, pro­ duction control, roadbuilding, 19 years civil service. 
I 

N um erous sm all problem s, v an d a­ lism , pornography, drainage, streets, harassment of the elderly, playground*, misuse of weapons, unfair taxes, lack of incentive for many. Also unfair welfare system. 

Overall project to drain entire city using unique system. Repair of streets quickly and professionally. Rearrange w elfare. C reate innovations for rest homes. Made suggestions to improve health and safety for our citizens. Dry up swamps. 

By making power, w ater, and other facilities available In areas most suita­ ble, and where tracts of land are donated for in d u stry . R esearch all p ossible methods of making any industry inde­ pendent of City Public Service. 

HELEN DITTMER. 56; Brackenridge 
High. Co-owner business; 2o years, se­ cretarial; 12 secretary-bookkeeper; 2o, 
' business; IO, local politics; 17. federal politics; C harter Revision Commission 
1972-75; River City Service Board 1975; 
Mayor’s Energy Commission; Mission 
Task Force; River Corridor Commis- 
I sion; 2o1 Waste W ater (Federal); City 
I Bond Commission. 

Upgrading the economy — housing ■*- drainage — streets. Equalize city se r­ vices — develop Lions Park. widen col­ lector stre e ts ; u p g rad e re sid e n tia l streets. Obtain more services for retired and aged in our area. Replace, repair and upgrade at least to standard, the sewer and w ater facilities (pipes and mains). Restore our image as a desira­ ble place to live. 

WATER — It’s use, distribution, pro­ tection and policies on extensions. Re­ placem ent of m ains (undersized and aged 
... 
SEWAGE-^Upgrade treat­ ment facilities to m eet required stan­ dards — extension policies — replace i substandard m ains. Supply City S er­ vices on an equal basis for ail sectors of the city. ECONOMICS — Get industry and commerce to locate here, supplying jobs of a vocational nature 

Speed up building and experimenting with alternate types of energy. Conser­ vation. 
Build within the inner city in­ stead of the outer perim eters and the county. Cease leapfrog building. Build in more equal pattern so services are easier to distribute, from center point. 
Reasonable but strong extension policies 
— build with conservation in mind. 

For City Council, San A n to n io , District 4 

What da yaa see as the primary concern far ytnr district? 
What do you see as the prim ary concern for the city? 
Haw should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

B f l B i f l P I I 
JOHNNY MATA. 31, m arried, three 
.f children, graduate 11 a rl a nda It* High. 
K H p 
4 I D 
Klmn Junior College (All A merican). 
I tv 
North T exas S tate U m versits (All 
American honorable mention) football player. SA Toros. SA Wings, automobile sales representative. 

Stabilizing utility rates. Im pro v e­ ments of streets and poor drainage a r­ eas. More jobs for District 4 residents 
Economic development of District 4 so that these jobs will bt* available. M it­ chell Lake m ust be cleaned up to en­ courage new housing in the area. In­ creased fire and police protection, belter equipment A multi-service center. 

Stablizing utility rates. Economic de­ velopm ent throughout the city, to in- j elude South San Antonio. Encourage businesses to build offices in South San 
Antonio. 

 a. With a plan which includes econo­ mic development to all areas. b. Lessen our dependency on gas by 
.seeking alternate energy sources 

MANUEL FLORES, 58. m arried. s<s| 
% von children; San Antonio native; jour-- 
"WSBHf nil ISI. 18 years; self-educated. 

^ i 

My district is a part of the forgotten 
South Side. Our greatest need is more industry in this area and we especially need a hospital which is either city fin­ anced or joint city-county combined fin­ ancing. T his would g reatly help our people and provide more jobs 

The greatest need for our city is much added industry which would bt* a boon to our economy and work toward full em ­ ployment and equal opportunity for all of our people. 

All growth has been to the north in the past. It is now tim e for the city to grow to the south, east and western parts of the city. The South Side desperately needs to have more jobs made available to its people. Growth in any area should not bt* made unless the city is able to service that arca with all its utilities, garbage service, etc. In no way should the City finance services to areas outside the city. That should be up to the de­ veloper. 

RAUL PEREZ 
Na response. 

MRS. WILLIE MEYER. 21 plus. co­ owner. manager farm and ranch; busi- 
No picture nt‘ss woman 38 years; city Board of Ad- available justm ent. five years; Special Review 
Comm ittee on S A. Transit Co.. Com­ m issioner’s Court; Mayor s Housing 
Advisory Commission 

Reduce unemployment, taxes, utility bills. Upgrade district through better housing, health care, drainage, streets 
Protection of water. Encourage new bu­ siness and im proving conditions for small business man. Sidewalks and re­ creational facilities needed F'ull time representation for the d istrict. Plus working toward rejuvenation of down­ town district, the center of San Antonio 

Concerted effort to bring downtown 
San Antonio back into its own, encour­ aging business to return, limit charges for parking which has been the prime reason for loss of business. Improving bus service. P rotection of w ater. Re­ ducing utility bills, taxes. 

T h ere should be a m ore eq u ab le growth building plan so that the cost of services can be more centralized thus creating less cost for the services. 

J 
JIMMY R FLORES Sr. 47. married, six children; G E D.; served in U S 
Army, prim e occupation Law Enforee- 
W - / merit; has been in grocery business, ac- 
■jtfdLgjT live in P-TA, Civic organizations, Boy 
Scouts, Junior Deputies of America; re- 
* | J f sidcnt of district 37 years 

 t 
4 

My m ain concern and num ber one project is the drainage problem, better streets and b etter m aintenance. The 
South Side needs better and more re ­ creation facilities (parks), better light­ ing to decrease vandalism and crim e, more industry that will increase econo­ mic development of South Side. Youth will be able to stay in this area and rug forced to travel across town to find jobs. 
Senior citizen more participation in city sponsored projects. 

I mort* industry, for more better jobs. to keep people out of give away welfare program s 2 housing — senior citizens and people who art* winking but unable to give a large downpayment for a house 
3 utility bills 

Planned Growth; Expansion im pact concerns all citizens and should not cause a financial burden to any one group. Real growth can only In* accom­ plished when all areas are considered. 
Energy Crisis: Should reflect modest expansion in economic activity. Restrain increase in energy prices. Constant re­ view of all energy sources — natural gas, coal and nuclear. 

JOHN MACHADO 
Reply received after deadline 

KRANK WING 
Na response 
’* 

B lu 
LEFFLER, 44 
Texas AAM 
SF 
H graduate, basic law and law enforce 
■BT nu*nt. occupation — sales and public 
U T i% 
S i relations D em ocratic com m itteem an 
B 
Precinct 125. vice president South San 
^ 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce 

My home is located in the North 
Central Area of District 4, 231 West 
Mayfield Street I am well acquainted with this entire district. I am fully aware of the needs for street improve­ ments. parks and recreational facilities of the district, and the need for im ­ proved sewage and water facilities. 

New industry and business, mort* job 
| opportunities. This will enhance the tax structure of the city. 

(I) Ail planned glow th should In­ humed to within the present city lim its.’ 
(2) No city utilities should be subsidized outside the city at present, with the exception of NEW INDUSTRY. 

C. A. KELLY 
Na response 

For City Council, San A ntonio, District 5 

What do you see as the primary concern for your district? 
What do you see as the prim ary concern for the city? 
How should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

CECILIO MARTINEZ 
No response 

O - 
Iw* JI 

DOUGLAS OZUNA, 45. is a life-long I resident of D istrict 5. p resen tly em- I ployed as assistant road forem an with : 
B exar County Road D epartm ent; has J served on local agency boards; involved ’ in civic and educational affairs 

The p rim ary issues facing m y district are: street and sidewalk im provem ents: b e tte r d ra in a g e and a co m prehensive polity to foster jobs for the district re­ sidents. 

The p rim a ry concern for the city should be econom ic grow th and em ­ ployment 

Those issues associated with grow th and the energy c ris is should be a p ­ proached from a com prehensive plan­ ning form at. 

9 

I 
GILBERT NIETO, 4o; graduate Lanier 
High School; 45 hours college; US Army 
( ll y e a rs); SANYO C ounselor; Kelly , 
AFB, Civil Service; liaison officer Trin-I tty (N ational Youth S ports P ro g ram ); sports director YWCA. 

A. Capital im provem ent projects — drainage, streets, parks, schools and housing 
B. San Antonio Independent 
School D istrict and others — coordina­ tion lo use facilities for com m unity projects; senior citizens, youth and adult education projects, etc. C. Hum an Re­ sources — City — m ore coordination with com m unity groups — program s senior citizens, nutrition, youth 

City m aster grow th plan th at will direct grow th for the betterm ent of the entire city, especially the areas inside 
Loop 41o, the inner city; jobs; energy. 

R eb u ild in g of n e g le cte d n e ig h b o r­ hoods with state, federal, city, county and general tax revenues, Energy crisis 
— national energy policy and research and planning for new resources, solar 

I 

BERNARDO EU R ESTE, 33, m arried, two children; graduate Burbank High; 
BA, Political Science (U. of Houston); 
M aster of Social W ork, m aster of public h e alth ( l \ of M ich ig an ); A ir F o rce 
(19(53-67); assistant professor. O ur Lady of the Lake. 

The prim ary concerns for D istriet 3 are drainage and street im provem ents, and im p ro v e m e n ts in p u b lic tra n s p o rta tio n , lib ra rie s , p a rk s and recreation, sidew alks and curbing, trash and g arb ag e co llectio n s, health and social services for individuals, fam ilies, and the elderly, housing, and daycare v enters for working fam ilies. Increasing 
D istrict 5 representation un the over 5o boards, com m ittees, and com m issions of IIM? City of San Antonio is also seen as a concern. 

U n em p lo y m en t and u n d e re m p lo y ­ ment and the need for new industries to locate in San Antonio are view ed as prim ary concerns for the city. M aking the ( PSB fully accountable to the resi­ dents of San Antonio The city bought the ( PSB outright. It should be fully accountable to the residents of the city. 
R ekindling the love affair that once existed betw een the residents of San 
Antonio and the city’s downtown cu ltu r­ al and com m ercial center. 

Commercial and residential develop­ m ent should In* encouraged within the present city boundaries. Developm ent outside the city boundaries should not be subsidized by the d ty as is the case with the current utility extension polities. A fund should be developed to assist low- incom e fam ilies to pay for their high utility bills. 

• 
/ 
4 

DARIO CHAPA, 39; BA U niversity of 
Texas, Austin; educational ad m in istra­ tion. form er teacher; project director for vocational trad es train in g . O pportun­ ities Industrialization C enter; project director. MANCO R esearch C enter. San 
Antonio Child A buse/N eglect Research 
Project; Lulac director; m em ber zoning com m ission; M ental Health R etardation 

‘ 
Board 

T here is a trem endous need for econ­ om ic developm ent in D istriet 5. We m ust stim ulate business in the area by providing a clim ate for capital invest­ m ents in locally owned businesses and social services, public works projects in drainage, curbs, sidew alks, street light­ ing, paved streets and parks. This in turn will result in a drop in the unem ­ ployment rate. 
* 

There m ust be an equitable solution to 
CPSB-Lo-Vaca suit, to provide financial relief from the gas and electricity rates for the poor during the entire year and to all household rate payers during the w inter m onths. The re -establishm ent of 
City ow nership and control of the ( PSB and W ater Board 

The city m ust go all out to provide the necessary incentives to encourage rede­ velopm ent and re v italiza tio n of our older neighborhoods as in D istrict 5. It m ust stim ulate the necessary capital in v e s tm e n ts and e s ta b lis h lig h t in ­ dustries in these area s through land lease planning and the necessary physi­ cal im provem ents of our m ajor traffic arteries. Closer deposits of coal m ust be found in order to allev iate our energy crisis. 

1”^ 
I T I 

MANUEL .MUNOZ J r.. graduated from R iviera HS and attended Texas 
A&l U n iv e rsity . He is m a rrie d , two daughters, one son; a civil service em- 
I ployee Kelly AFB; has actively partici- 
I pated with church, school and civic or- 

1 gam zations within D istrict 5. 

W ithin D istrict 5 there are several areas of concern, such as street* , curbs, sidew alks, recreatio n al facilities, un­ sightly junkyards and m any m ore. As a m atter of priority I will address the d rain ag e problem first. T his will re­ quire working with district rep resen ta­ tives and getting their support 

P rim ary concern of the city m ust tx- to look out for tin* good and w elfare of the citizens of San Antonio. City Councilm en must work together and address those problem s that directly affect our citi­ zens in all w alks of life. 

Planned growth should be approached from the standpoint of a M aster Plan. 
Inner city growth should be encouraged and the subsidizing of extension lines to p ro m o te g ro w th o u ts id e m u st be stopped. E n erg y c ris is m u st be a d ­ dressed in a positive way and no rate increases should be allowed The city m ust also place a ceiling on hew m uch revenue comes from the ratepayers to the city. 

LL BETANCOURT 
Na respaase. 

O 

I i i 

MANUEL A. RODRIGUEZ, 
29; g ra ­ duate Fox Tech High School; candidate, 
B A., law e n fo rce m en t; m ech an ical c o m p o n e n ts in s p e c to r, K elly A FB ; 
I m em ber A m erican CLI. Forum , Educa- 
I tion Com m ittee; Section Stew ard, AFGE 
I 
Union. Kelly AFB. 

Need for e co n o m ic g ro w th , poor d rain ag e such as the 19th, C eralvo, 
J am ar Street and Palm H eights areas; the scarcity of parks, libraries, recrea­ tion centers, and sidew alks The cond)* 
Bons of streets such as South Flores, 
Zarzam ora and Ceralvo, V acant lots in the Edgewood area. Pedestrian bridges in the St. H enry’s Church and Co! ti o s­ tia rden areas 

High utility rates, high unem ploym ent rate, lack of social services, need for housing rehabilitation and replacem ent program s and inner city developm ent. 

Basically favor the general outline of the city’s Land Use C om m ittee (growth sketch, prom ote inner city develop­ m ent.) Favor city control and election ot utility board m em bers and a reduced rate for low incom e fam ilies 

For City Council, San A ntonio, District 6 

What do you see as the primary concern Vt hat do >ou see as the prim ary coneen for your d istriet? 
^ for the city? i Hew should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 
2 

 i 
RUDY C. ORTIZ. 
33. m arried , two 
I c h ild re n ; B A, UT A u stin ; m a s te r ’s 
I degr* e O LLI'; co u n selo r, St. P h ilip ’s f 
College; c o m m u n is planner, anti-po- k vert) social w orker; Boys* Club Director; 
I 
U.S. Army veteran; resident of district 
I 
IK years; attended Edgewood and Holy 
I 
Cross high schools 

T rue representation for D istrict 6 - 
Special Interest, monied groups m ak mg a tte m p t to have th e ir candidal* elected Community unity — D istricts ii a di\ ided com m unity and it m ust b* united in o rd er to stop political expioi tation B etter Police — com m unity re lotions; drainage streets, industrial part developm ent; reduce spray-paint, glue drug abuse 

Returning governm ent back to the ct 
Planned growth for the city m ust be 
» tizens; industrial diversification; M aster on a uniform and consistent basis, not 
( 
Growth plan a m ore satisfactory resolu- lopsided All quadrants of the city m ust 
| tion of UPS-Coastal Lo-Vaea issue; inner included rn the areas of new housing t city developm ent, jobs for our citizens; d e v e lo p m e n t; in d u s tr ia l e x p a n s io n : 
. im p ro v ed w o rk in g c o n d itio n s for vtater and other utilities extension aer* 
» workers; a m ore constructive approach vices Energy; sta te and national off!* i to th e p ro b lem s of o ar c ity 's 2oo.oo9 vials m ust act. Solar, n u cle ar energy 
I poor. and coal. 

 i / i 

JO SE ESTALA, 28, is a Navy veteran graduating senior from 
I T 

 rn 
SA. m ajoring in history and political 
* science; presently subM itute teaching in 
SASO; m em ber, St. Jo sep h 's Catholic 
Church: precinct chairm an, 
I 

S anitary living conditions, i e., pun- drinking w ater, fire hydrants and w ater with adequate p ressu re and cap acity , sa n ita ry sew age sy stem s, and proper drainage 

P ro p e r c ity m a n a g e m e n t an d an equitable grow th plan In IO y ears the budget for the city has m ultiplied by 3' ^ tim es M ism anagem ent, duplication of services and salaries, ignoring of work p rio rity li*-ts, selfish in te re s ts , tim e ­ consum ing and ill-advised resolutions have all contributed to the present inef­ fective City Council. 

By attracting business and prom oting jobs through clean industry, We must becom e dedicated to preservation and developm ent in the energy field, I e., c o al, so la r, n u c le a r, and to th e long-range p lan n in g w hich se rv es in ­ dustry as well as it serves our environ­ m ent. 

What dt yw see as the primary c « K 5 few your district? 
“f p - 
, i 
What do you see as the prim ary concern for the city? 
Hair should the city aw n growth and the energy crisis? 

AL RO H D E, 
56. attended Thom as 
Jefferson High School and St. Mary’s 
University; president of Rohde & Co., , and Alam o KOA Kanfpgrounds, Inc.; has served as mayor pro-tem; retired 
United States Marine Corps officer 

To find a “better way" lo have a safer, better beautiful community to live and work in D rainage, street paving and repair program s and safety im prove­ ments I find that District o has been treated like a “ step-child*” kept off the 
NO. I lists of capital improvements and programs at City Hall too long! 

(A ) B etter protect the c ity 's pure water and air q u ality. (B ) Im prove d ra in a g e and streets. (C) Keep Kelly 
[F ield and Lackland AFB strong and viable from m ilitary budget cuts. (D) 
Improve safety from crim e. (Kl Find 
! new jobs and new industries. (F) Adopt a “ master plan" as a guide for intelli­ gent and responsible planning. 

Energy The city* and CPSB have long been “ out to lunch" on c itizen s pro­ grams that will save and conserve our electrical gas and water needs. Strong aud viable programs are needed by the public leadership sector. 

ROBERT M. LOZANO, 
26; 15 year resident District 6; attended Edgewood 
Jr., Kennedy High, SAC, Our Lady of the 
Lake; sub-teacher, Edgewood School 
H ist.; m em b er U SA FR . K elly AFB 
(p la n s to be relea sed if e le c te d ); pursuing nursing degree. 

Inadequate drainage and sew age is the primary problem in District 6 For years this and other problem areas have been n e g lec ted by p resen t cou n cil members. It is time that people of Dis­ trict 6 are equally represented and re­ ceiv e eq u al sh a res of s e r v ic e s and appropriated funds for the needs of the district. 

City Council m embers should work in unity for m ore p rogressive and pro­ sperous growth of the city Services provided by city agencies should be im­ proved and modified. Citizens should be able to use city services without any long red tape procedures and without reser­ vations or m istrust 
C itizens should benefit from these services 

To avoid business trends m oving in one direction, council m em bers should work in development and reconstruction of neglected areas—thus promoting bu­ siness growth. The energy crisis, fuel shortage is not only affecting the city but the nation; how ever, the city should make every effort to assure citizens of adequate fuel supply for the future 

ROBERT S. THOMPSON. 
36; born, raised in Oklahoma; BS M echanical 
Engineering. Oklahoma State Universi­ ty, 1963; graduate Air F orce F ligh t 
School, 1966; MA, Management, Univer­ sity Southern (’a lif.. 1969. PhD . St. 
Mary’s, 1972; member Texas Air Nation­ al Guard; presently practicing law. 

The primary concern is drainage and street rep air We m ust first secu re proper and adequate drainage THEN attack the problem s of street repair; both to curb many of our streets and resurfacing therein. 

Developing a broader economic base. 
We must attract new industry to San 
Antonio. Our singular dependence upon government paychecks is very danger­ ous. for this source could be greatly reduced and we could do nothing but absorb the loss. 

JAM ES J. KELLY, 49. married, three children; MA; retired AF Major, former member Board of Trustees Our Lady of luk e University; Past President Alumni 
Assn. of OLLUSA; life m em ber Texas 
I*TA; Treas. John F. Kennedy Booster 
Assn..; Budget officer School Develop­ ment Plan 

My concern falls in many areas; In­ stallation of a better drainage system ; in creasing police protection; erasin g those raw sew age site s; b elter co n ­ structed streets; installing more street lights; upgrading individual hom es; seek to bring in more grow th generators for th is area; open aven u es for the low erin g of u tility rates; and the reformulation of routing the public transportation so that all areas are ade­ quately serviced 
; 
™ 1 

Planned Growth — Develop a master plan with the ability to continuously up­ date arid revise. Energy C risis — I f s here to stay. Our rate structure for re­ sidential users must lie changed so as to charge more per cubic foot for the more you use. rather than the d ecrea sin g sca le we now u se. In d u stria l u sers should keep the decreasing scale. 

B ein g the 1oth la rg est city in the! 
United States in population, we must upgrade other areas to that category in; i 
Higher standard of living in all parts of the city; better drainage and flood eon -1 trois; build better streets; increase job opportunities; tiring the cost of utilities down to a reasonable and acceptable I rate, protect our water source at all cost 
— the Edwards Recharge Zone, and to keep our promises to the newly annexed areas as far as providing them with all the city services that com e with being taxpayers and citizens of San Antonio. 

By utilizing input from all factions of the city through p u b lic forum s and placing em phasis on building up the inner city prior to accepting input from special interest groups for outer circle development. On the energy crisis we should encourage conservation, provide loans (low interest) for home insulation for luw-income persons, and seek feder­ al gran ts for the c ity to rep resen t consumer interest at hearings on utility rate increases. 
- iP T 

KAY BROWN, native Milwaukee; San 
Antonio resident 12 years; married, four children; real estate broker; owner. Kay 
Brown and Associates; vice president. 
Southw est C ham ber of C om m erce, member LWV, VOICE, National Fed. of 
Ind. Businesses. Harp and Shamrock. 

At the inner city end of D istrict 6 drainage is the priority The outer edge has street repair as a major concern 
One sm all community. Hillside Acres, has inadequate sewage and water. Con­ cerns that affect alt the d istrict arc growth and job opportunity. Many city am enities are m issing 

The cost of energy, protection of our water supply. Inadequate housing. Lack of economic growth within the confines of 11141o The leap frog development. 
The need for a com prehensive master plan and the requirem ent for govern­ mental agencies to work together to give the citizens th** best available protec­ tion. 

Planned growth should occur first at the city core and then extend out iii a contiguous manner All existing struc­ tures that are able to be ren ovated should first be utilized. City Council should employ all means to reduce uti­ lity bills ann support efforts al state level to place a ceiling on natural gas prices. fir 
- 

JE SSE R. DIAZ. 33. B A . St Mary’s 
University; post graduate studies (jut ludy of the luke; taught at Edgewood 
ISI), South San Antonio ISI), insurance broker last five years 

District 6 because of its geographical, econom ic and social d ifferen ces has more than one prim ary concern The entire district needs and is concerned about drainage The annexed areas are also concerned with receiving full city se r v ic e s they are en titled to. The 
Edgewood and Meadowcliffe areas are concerned about the introduction of bu­ siness into District 6 

Economic Development. — The intro­ duction of new b u sin ess w hich w ill create new jobs. The statistics which show San Antonio as being loth in po­ pulation and 4oth in per capita income in the nation exem p lify this need The council must lie responsive to this need and must energetically meet this need by actively seeking out and approaching business to establish or relocate in San 
Antonio. 

The city must pursue a grow th master plan which is directed toward the deve­ lopment of areas within the city lim its and bring these up lo par Indore it goes out seeking nihil areas of responsibility 
The energy crisis must lie faced by the city in such a manner as to provide the citizens of San Antonio with maximum service for the lowest possible price 

LEONARD MEDINA 
Ne response. 

For City Council, San Antonio, District 7 

What de yen see as the prim ary cancers far year district? 
W hat de veil see as the prim ary cancers far the city? 
Hew should the city appreach p u n n ed growth and the energy crisis? 
& 

JOE A LD ERETE Jr., 
29. attended! 
Thomas Jefferson H.S. and Our Lady of luke University; adm inistrative repre­ sen tative at UBM Education Center; former member Democratic Youth Ad­ visory C ouncil to G overnor; so cia l worker low income areas 

Reducing crim e in the district, pro­ viding better drainage, insuring traffic safety especially for our children and providing street improvements to make more city services available and deve­ lopment of needed recreational areas 

Attracting new businesses and more j jobs; discovering alternative energy re- j sources; im plem enting proven energy ; conservation programs; development of city master plan; protection of our Ed­ wards Underground aquifer. 

The city should approve a m aster city plan which would direct the develop­ ment and expansion of our city in a manner that provides e q u a b ility of a tax base for uur com m unity. In con­ junction the city should make an all out effort in the developm ent of solar en orgy. a 

RICHARD T E N IE N T E , 48. Trinity 
University, B S ; Pharm acy U.T Aus­ tin; partner and co-owner Blanco Phar­ macy. two years City Council. 

I 

High u tility co sts, poor d rain age, street repairs; police and fire protection 
Concerns for the city include: sta b ili­ zation of utility costs; unemployment — new businesses coming to San Antonio will create new jobs; crim e, police and fire protection; parks, and recreational 
; facilities 

Punned grow th in San Antonio is es­ sential for the econom ic developm ent needed to create jobs for oui unemploy­ ment and for the extra tax revenues that will be generated by utilizing an atter rule source of energy . We can lessen our demands <»n our supply of natural gas 

NANCY 
O L IV A R E S . 
45. is a housewife and mother; experience in b u sin ess and in v estm en ts; m em ber 
Catholic Church; civic and politically active. 

( (impotent representation by a person aware that municipal government is set up to provide municipal se n ices such as police and fire protection street m ain­ tenance. garbage collection, drainage, etc., at the highest standard possible for tax dollar available The passthrough arui other money grabbing gim m icks must cease. 

The victimizing of the average Amer­ ican taxpayer not only by the petty thieves but by officials acting under co­ lor of law such as the Public Service 
Board, City Water Board: the Urban 
Renewal Agency and others. The aver­ age citizen is long overdue a better deal from Utv Hall 

JU 
\ com prehensive m aster plan lo in­ corporate energy and metropolitan mass transportation; a policy to curb leap frog development at the expense of the inner city: a concentrated effort to use availa­ ble monies to bring up and keep up to standard neglected and good inner city areas. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1 

Vhat do yea see as the prim ary cancer* v or year district? f 

• that do you see as the primary concern 
I 
»r the city? 
| 
Hew should the city approach planned 
?rowth and the energy crisis? 

o 

 r n 
- i i 

ANDRES GONZALEZ, 22; attends 
I 
UTSA; founding member, United Mexi- can-A nierican stu d e n ts at 
SAU; , m em ber, central com m ittee, Mexican- j 
American Student Organization UTSA; j former member. United Steelworkers of < 
America; founding member, Young So- ] cialist Alliance in San Antonio. 
I 

Chicanos, who form a majority in mv listrict. should have control over it. We iced bilingual-biculturai education, full ights for undocumented workers, and rn end to the death penalty. The rich of he whole city should be taxed and the 
•esources made available equitably to ny district. 

I think the most important issue fat*- J ng the city of San Antonio is taking 
•ontrol of the city away from the rich J white corporate heads and putting Chi- J 
.•amis and other working people into ' lower. This can only be done by break- ng away from the Democratic and Re- \ publican parties. 

Planned growth of San Antonio can inly be accomplished by putting human needs before profits. We say there is no energy crisis, but ra th er the energy barons are ripping off the Am erican leople in order to achieve greater pro­ ds at our expense. 

MIKE FERNANDEZ 
Reply received after deadline. 

I 

% 

ROBERT D. TATE, 4o. attended SAC; presently attending St. M ary’s Univer- j sity (engineering). Ile spent four years J in the Air Force, 19 years in Civil Ser- I vice at Kelly AFB. 

The primary concern is the represen­ tation of all citizens in the district The people need to be represented on all m atters that affect their district. Pre­ sent and future problems in the district can be solved with a representative that is sensitive to the needs of the citizens in his district. 

Energy resource developm ent and conservation The protection of the j water supply now and in the future is . very im p o rtan t to the su rv iv al and ; growth of the city. The aquifer must be i protected. The citizens must have an ample and economical amount of water ] available in the future. 

The city should take firm m easures to insure that all new growth js monitored. 
All city building codes should be revised to include items that will force energy conservation construction. Zoning o r­ dinances should be revised to insure Umu a harmonious balance between business and residential growth is maintained 

RICHARD J. KOFSKY, 54. attended 
American School. Catholic School, North 
Carolina State. Idaho Stale; American 
Bible College, doctor of divinity; retired , 
Kelly AFB (various technical and ad­ m in istrativ e po sitio n s); real e sta te broker. 

Public work improvements — such as street and drainage improvements, and decent places for children to play. Crime control — organize volunteer civilian auxiliary police patrols to make streets safe for w alking. Prom ote p ride in community — discourage references to barrio or ghetto area. Encourage growth of business and manufacturing to com­ bat employment. 

Stop SPIRALING taxes. P ra c tic e 
ZERO based budgeting. Property re- evaluation should tie made very every five years. Every dollar taken in taxes i means less purchasing power for tax­ payers, thus creating unem ploym ent. 
Elim inate passthrough charges on uti­ lities. Promote energy conservation and balanced growth in all quadrants of the city. 

The city should promote growth and energy conservation. Encourage sm all business by eliminating red tape. Seek diversified industry. Encourage m anu­ facturers to redesign gas-using fur­ naces, stoves and frost-free refrig era­ tors. Use solar engergy for hot w ater heating. Provide five year tax-free grace period for solar installations. 

For City Council, San A n to n io , District 8 

What do you see as the primary concent for your district? 
What do you sec as the primary concern for the city? 
Hew sheald the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

 r VA* f 

J 

FRED BARRICKLOW, fib. a San An­ tonian, attended B rackenridge High 
School and L'.T. before entering Air 
Force and c a re e r of lead ersh ip and proven ability. Presently a senior on 
D ean's List at UTSA m ajoring in go­ vernment. 

District 8 is faced with street and rail crossing problems that disrupt business activities and make driving a hazard 
Lack of proper planning by the council to correct these errors is obvious Addi­ tionally. skyrocketing taxes to pay for programs in other areas of the city is of vital concern. 

The council’s failure to protect the interests of the city is of prim ary con­ cern. Inattention to legislative actions in 
Austin can drive the city to bankruptcy as in New York. Of primary concern is the council itself as it continues to hag­ gle over yesterday’s problems in place of planning for tomorrow. 

Planned growth in the city should be properly considered according to future needs. Our water supply .should be pro­ tected and the tax base increased by logical growth, not additional taxes. The energy crisis is a fact of life and rea­ soned planning should be in stitu ted rath er than playing politics with the future. 

I 

V H r J 

* 
■ 

I 
STEVEN R. WOLFSON, 2ti, graduat­ ed from Churchill High; B A degree. 
U niversity of Texas; law degree, St. 
Mary’s University; Board of Directors, 
Volunteer Services Council, San Antonio 
State Hospital; lawyer, m em ber, state bar of Texas, American Bar Assn 

Improved aud additional police and fire protection District 8 is economical­ ly fortunate, and blessed with a whole some balance of an unspoiled Texas landscape and controlled community development. It is imperative that this prosperity and the safety and well being of the residents or District 8 be, hi all things, preserved, 

Control of City Public Service P re­ sently, with the exception of the mayor, the trustees who m anage CPS are all self-appointed. Whenever a vacancy oc­ cu rs on the b o ard , the rem ain in g trustees fill it with a candidate of their own choice. Instead, the voters * 
>uld select CPS trustees. 

P lan n ed grow th is best achieved through zoning which comes about from the responses of both residential and co m m ercial in te re sts. The energy crunch must be alleviated by the disco­ very and development of alternate en­ ergy resources Solar power is an ex­ ample of a clean, inexhaustible supply. 

Ir 

I). FORD NIELSEN, 44, graduated from University of Texas Dental School 
I in Houston; present occupation dentist; three years on City Council; chairm an 
H ousing C om m ittee; executive com ­ m ittee AACOU; N orth San A ntonio 
Chamber of Commerce; Bexar County 
Metropolitan Criminal Justice Council. 

Stabilization of utility bills;'quality developm ental parks, recreational fa­ cilities and especially libraries; im ­ proved streets and drainage control; fire and police protection. i* 
, t i 
* 
* v* 

San Antonio m ust experience growth both in new business and job opportune 

I ities; crim e and risin g utility costs; drainage. 

Planned growth needs an economic base directed towards the establishment of new business and light industry. An a lte rn a te source of energy, such as nuclear and solar energy will ease the crisis. 

I 
PHIL PYNDUS, 55, received his BBA from the U niversity of Texas. He is married, father of two children; founder and president, Pyndus Steel Co.; attends 
St. Luke’s Catholic Church; served on boards of A lam o G eneral H ospital. 
M anufacturer’s Assn , Sub contractors 
Assn . elected council member. 

District 8 com prises large growing areas contributing high percentage of property taxes to the city. Open areas need development, yet the aquifer must be protected There is critical need for increased police protection in the area as welt as library and recreational fact lilies. Adequate public transportation to 
UTSA Is a must. 

Our city needs com patible industry and jobs to increase its tax base. Grow­ ing cost of local government and utilities must be controlled. Downtown revitali­ zation is a must to bring outside tourist dollars to San Antonio. International 
I trade relations with Mexico will benefit 
I our local economv 

A m aster plan is an intelligent ap proach to future growth of our city and is specifically provided for in our City 
Charier. Taxpayers can no longer accept guessw ork in city planning. Energy crisis makes It mandatory to place con­ trol of utilities under city m aster plan to control cots 

V a 
I 
DAVID C BROW N Jr., 57, completed 
I . four years at St. Mary's University; re* 
I tired Civil Service; presently engaged in legal research. 

W ise use af tax dollars to avoid additional increases in meeting future requirements fo r fire and police, street m aintenance, drainage and other ser­ vices to citizens; proper planned dew lopment of business, residential, m edi­ cal. educational elements bi promote a district of which to be proud considering protection of natural resources 

Tax base — property ow ners' taxes 
I increase 23o per cent from 1o65-1975. 
I There is a limit We must; have i lo cm 
I assessm ents; reduce burden th* igli 
[im p ro v ed plan n in g ; in crease base 
( through new business. ECONOMIZE IN 
[GOVERNM ENT - city pays big sa ­ l a r i e s — city em ployes should do the 
I planning and administration, use own 
I people not outside adv isors. 

City Planners and Taxpayers — work to g eth er developing grow th p a tte rn conserving taxpayers money— 
EX7 
AMBLES Present city drainage prob lems art* costly to correct; Newly deve­ loped areas requiring m ortgage paid g u tters, lights, etc., instead of later bond issue paid by taxpayers. 
Q 

 i 
WINIFRED VETTER. 
24. attended 
I 
SAC and UTSA; former telephone com- 
I pans employe, presently full-time wife 
I and mother. 
I 

I have two major concerns for District 
8 Instead of the retreated patching, I 
Ctvor the widening and improvement ol roads. Secondly, I would work towards obtaining land over the recharge zone for a w ell-developed eity p ark , thus providing for District 8’s children and protecting our water supply. 

I In-1 ie vc San Antonio must have sta- 
I blitzed utility rates and In * backed by a 
I unified council to encourage new in- 
I dustry and permanent growth 

I 

The North Side needs a decisive plan for growth over the aquifer. Other seg­ ments of the city need a county hospital, employment opportunities, drainage and street development. San Antonio should strive for alternate energy and water sources. I prefer solar energy be cause it is clean, safe, and very abun­ dant* 

For City Council, San A ntonio, District 9 

What dc yon see as the primary concern far year district? 
What do you see as the primary concern for the city? 
Haw should the city approach planned growth and the energy crisis? 

JIM DEM ENT, 5o, attended I’ of 
Texas; U.S. Marine Corps 1942-45; inde­ pendent businessman since 
1946. builder, director. Research and Plan­ ning Council; member. Airport Advisory 
Belard, Economic Development Founda­ tion, G reater San Antonio Chamber of 
Comm erce; president, North San An­ tonio Chamber of Commerce. 

Street and drainage im provem ent, stable utility rates Business develop* 
Return of fair share of taxes Economic nient. A m aster plan which allows ex­ development. Stable utility rates. Police pansion as free enterprise dictates, lob protection. opportunities for San Antonio's youth 

Growth — encourage growth to areas where consumer demand is, abiding by the basics of the free enterprise system. 
Controlled growth will deter growth. 
Energy — establish alternate sources of energy. 

ROY A. BENDELE Jr. 
No response. 

GLEN HARTMAN. 48. m arried, five sons, three grandchildren; BA — CT 
Austin (195o) major, government; gra­ duate school, Princeton (1963-64); civil planning executive. Department of De­ fense Intelligence organization, retired 
(1974); elected to City Council, April, 
1975; lived in district 22 years. 

Prim ary concern is rising utility costs and need for economic growth in San 
Antonio, coupled with the need to pro­ tect purity of our water supply, rising crim e rate, poor drainage, inefficient 
•ocal government and public services. 
The need for better planning is also a major concern. 

District 9 is a microcosm of the whole city; therefore, primary concerns of the district parallel those of the city. 

The development and implementation of the c ity's new comprehensive Master 
Plan represent the best approach to planned grow th D evelopers and ho­ meowners alike will benefit because speculation and developm ental uncer­ tainties will be reduced. The energy crisis is a national problem and must ultimately be solved by a positive na­ tional energy policy and conservation. 
City can and should provide peripheral relief, e. g., elim ination of sales tax, 
"flat” rate structure, etc. 

VAN ARCHER, 37, m arried, three children, graduate Trinity, with George 
Dulling Brokerage* Co.; Bexar County 
Republican chairman 197o-74; Board of 
Managers YMCA; director Asthma and 
Im m unology 
F oundation; civilian represen tativ e U.S. Air Force GTS; youth athletic coach 12 years 

Taxes and C rim e T raffic on IBIO from Hildebrand to downtown; traffic congestion around N orth.Star and Cen­ tral Park Malls; zoning to protect exist­ ing neighborhoods. 

Securing energy sources for future at reasonable rates and protection of our source of water. Economic development for the city to create jobs for unem ­ ployed and underemployed. Revitaliza­ tion of downtown arca and development of HemiFair area. 
Development of more parks. 

Through a flexible m aster plan that utilizes the best talents and best minds in the comm unity and that assures a growth that serves the best needs of the city Emphasize, educate and develop a conservative program Develop intelli­ gent energy policy that provides maxi­ mum flexible growth without taxing all available energy resources. 

For City Council, Son A ntonio, District I O 

What de you see as the primary cancers What do you see as the primary concern How should the city approach planned for your district? for the city? growth and the energy crisis? 

BILL HEALEY, 52, m arrie d , six children, three grandchildren; college major in political science and govern­ ment; retired colonel-US A. member St. 
Pius Church, alumni Brackenridge High 
School, m em ber ABSN and assorted professional societies. Presently attend­ ing UTSA and writing novel 

Our prime concern now is to make the new d istric tin g system work to our maximum adv antage We now have dir­ ect representation regarding neighbor­ hood/community problems. No longer a run-around from an elected at large council. Crim e, taxes, streets, parks, buses and education all represent areas requiring increased attention. 

Controlling radical groups such as 
COPS, etc. Increase tax base to lighten ad valorem and other taxes. The revita­ lization of downtown. We need to maxi­ mize local efforts to get rid of illegal aliens (more jobs for local citizens and reduced w elfare rolls). Major league football arid baseball (a sports arena). 

VERY CAREFULLY — and with due regard to our environment assets such as the aquifer. We have excellent growth plans extant — follow them instead of appointing additional study groups for 
Itoiitical expediency. Energy is never going to bv* cheap again. We need a tax base to sufficiently offset fuel passth­ rough charges and assisi utility users 

PAUL M. KOLEY, 49, B S., Master of 
Public Health Degree; retired colonel. 
Army Medical Serv ice Corps; spent last 
IO years as adm inistrator and teacher 
Academy of Health Sciences, Ft. Sam 
Houston and concurrently, assistant professor at Baylor and Tulane, 197o-71 
Army consultant (Vietnam). 

District IO must have a full-time, r e ­ sponsible re p re se n ta tiv e , unencum ­ bered by business interests or job re­ sponsibilities, uncommitted to any vest­ ed or m onied in te re sts or political groups, one dedicated to insure ade quale crime protection, school crossing safety; and im p ro v em en ts in road maintenance and drainage facilities. 

We must have a unified, cohesive go­ vernm ent dedicated to the im prove­ ment, growth and progress of the city — a government devoid of div isiveness ana pettiness — one that manages by man­ date. not by crisis — one of action, not reaction — a responsible governm ent, responsive lo (he needs of the people 

Planned growth m ust be developed cooperatively by city and county go­ vernment, private industry, labor and 
.financial o rg a n izatio n s. S uccessful programs will increase the job market. 
Petroleum fuels and coal supplies meet immediate needs but are not inex­ haustible. Nuclear energy use must be expanded. Solar energy is the fuel of the future. 

JOHN STEEN, 55, received a BBA degree from U niversity of Texas; is president and owner of Steen Insurance 
Group; has been a resident of District IO 
18 years; past president G reater San 
Antonio Chamber of Comm erce; vice president board of trustees, San Anton­ io Union Junior College District. 

The prim ary concern for District t i is the provision of public services lo an area of our city that has experitnced rapid growth during the past decade 
These services include better roads and streets, new libraries, improved park and recreational facilities, and better transportation Crime is also a major problem. 

San Antonio needs quality economic growth and development. Such growth will increase employment opportunities for our citizens. At the same time, sound business-like management of local go­ vernm ent is needed to attract new in­ dustry. 

San Antonio needs to grow and deve­ lop Growth will create more job opjMir- tunities and increase tax revenues for th** city The energy crisis can best be solved by looking to alternate sources of energy 

ART PHILLIPS 
Na response. 

HELEN R WALTER, over 21. high school g rad u a te ; dental a ssista n t; chairman of board, Greater San Antonio 
Youth Symphony Orchestras; Roosevelt 
BTA board; Vista Republican board; 
( am elet garden and civic clubs; four year involvement at City Council, ( BS 
.and other public meetings. 

Equalized taxes, additional parks and recreational areas, increased police and fire protection, expand bus service, libraries and civic centers, total review of alt inadequate streets and pour traffic control due to growth without planning, better cooperation between citizens and developers in regard to drainage and zoning. 

Energy programs including research into solar, wind, and hydro power, at­ tempt to balance city budget by equal property taxation, improved drainage. sew ers, stre e ts, ami sidew alks, in­ creased police and fire pro tectio n , growth by using “ City M aster Blan,” assure city of pure air and water. LESS 
TALK MOKE DO! 

Without reasonable available energy our city will cease to grow, prosper or survive. Kinetic energy sources must be made workable Energy conservation programs must be taught Continue de­ velopment of alt «r**«s to create a good economy Under piaster growth plans with consideration for all taxpayers, we 

 s.A. City Council d i s t i l 

Poge 1o-V 
San Antonio EXPRESS-MEWS— Sunday, March 27, 1977 

I I School election 

 j p io ? s i - 

W J*-' 

H p 
1 iv .1**. 

All contested candidates in school districts holding to answer the question. Some of the candidates chose to use 
The question posed to each of the candidates follows: flections in Bexar County on April 2 were asked one fewer words. 
" W h a t d o y o u s e e a s the m ajor strengths and weaknesses question. Kach was given a maximum of 5o words in which 
Only the contested candidates are listed. of your school district.’ 

For School B o a rd , C o m a l District 

PLACE I 
MILTON SELLARS 
No response. 

W. L. STEUBING 
No respnonse. 

PLACE 2 

MRS. ALAN FOUTS, 
48. a tte n d e d b u s in e s s school, co m p le te d real estate course, had some nurse’s training; has IO years experience as an a c c o u n ta n t and b o o k ­ keeper. She is m arried, has one child 
She has been active in FTA. is on board of directors for Tye 
P re s to n M e m o ria l L i­ brary. 

Our teachers who still insist on students doing th e ir w ork. th is is the major strength. 

W eaknesses are many more. Social passing, li­ beral teachers, p aren ts lack of backing teachers, drug pushers and users, the penalties should be stronger, not enough ef­ fort put into making sure the s tu d e n ts h ave an education in the busies of reading, w riting, m ath, and spelling Progressive 

 education should be r e ­ moved and less should lie splent on shirts. 

K L. E O F F , J r . , 
42. attended New Braunfels 
High an d San A ntonio 
College; m arried , three c h ild r e n , c o n d u c to r - brak em an for Southern 
Pacific Railroad; reserve law enforcement officer, m em b er Spring Branch v o lu n te e r fire d e p a r t ­ ment. Mason, St. Paul s 
Lutheran Church, former 
Marine. 

The Comal ISI) is going overboard on taxation. I am c o n c e rn e d about tax es. But m y m a jo r concerns are for quality e d u c a tio n and the s t u ­ d e n ts of m y d is tr ic t 
School d i s t r ic t s need m ore funding from the state level These funds are available, but legis­ lation must be introduced in Austin by our elected representatives. If elect­ ed to the school board, I will respect ev ery o n e's v lews and keep an open mind and I m * responsible to my school district pa­ trons and educators 

JA SPER BARTO. 
58. 

 is a retired arm y officer, with three years college. 
Ile has e x te n siv e m a n ­ a g e m e n t b a c k g ro u n d , with m uch actual exper­ ience in solving budget, personnel, and logistical problems. He is m arried. has th r e e g ro w n c h il­ d re n . m e m b e r L ions. 
AF&AM. and YEW 
A. 
S tr e n g th s ; flood professional ed u cato rs, m odern physical plant, and d e d ic a te d and in ­ formed taxpayers. 
B 
W ea k n e s s e s : In a word. we must improve the m an ag em en t of our 
$5,ooo.11(11) a y ear school system; hard-nosed bud­ geting. rigid cost control and some real planning. 

HA ZEL HENSHAW . 
26. h ig h school honor stu d e n t; 14 y e a rs b u s i­ ness experience; form er o w n e r / o p e r a to r d ry- cle an m g -lau n d ry plant; 
Merle Norm an Cosmetic franchise; private tuto r­ ing. b u s in e s s a d m i n i s ­ tr a tio n ; v o lu n te e r. J u ­ venile Probation (Bexar 
County); m arried, three children. 

The major weakness of our school district is the 

 d is ta n c e b etw een sch o o ls. 
T he m a jo r stre n g th s of our school d is tric t a re the people who c a re enough to get involved. 

PLACE 3 

RAYM OND 
R. 
SO EC H TIN G , 
34, is a native of Comal County and a graduate of Canyon 
High School He has been se lf-em p lo y e d for 
13 y e a r s ' the past five as p ro p rie to r of C ar C are 
Center in New Braunfels 
O ur g re a te s t asset is our buildings, a d m in is ­ tratio n , and school p e r­ sonnel which are all out­ standing, with an educa­ tion system not to be ex­ ceeded. H ow ever, with soaring fuel cost we need to look for m e th o d s to economize. Also as ta x ­ payers of this district we need to unite to minimize all our taxes. 

RAY E. STER LIN G , 
55. a tte n d e d b u s in e s s college and university of 
M iss o u ri; 31 y e a r Air 
Force retiree. Duties in-, e lu d e d 
SAC a irc re w m e m b e r, and 14 y e a r s 

 personnel work 
Five w ere in the P e n ta g o n ; nine as chief of personnel d iv isio n at b a se level w ith n u m e ro u s b o a rd s and committees. 
M ajo r s tr e n g th s a r e the pedominance of new school facilities, the in­ creasing num ber of sp ir­ ited communities and the clean, clear living envir­ o n m e n t. 
W ea k n es se s: 
Lack of e ffectiv e c o m ­ m unication between the school a d m in is tr a tio n and the taxpayers and an a p p a r e n t b la n k -c h e c k p h ilo so p h y of m anagement which does not c o n tr ib u te to cost- conscious. effective m an ­ agement 

RANDALL SCHOLL, 
19. a tten d ed schools 12 years. He is a roofer e m ­ ployed by AAV. Scholl 
Roofing Contractor. 
Spending money w ildly and not telling taxpayers how it is b e in g s p e n t. 
T h ere is too m uch s u p ­ port in activ ities s p o n ­ sored bv the school and not e n o u g h s u p p o rt in education. They need to strengthen the education an d w e ak e n th e a c t i ­ vities. 

FREDA W ALKER 
No response, 

PLACK 5 
One-year Unexpired 
Term 

JACK BOYER 
No response. 

CARL L. MARION, 61: 
H S. g r a d u a te ; re tir e d 
Civ il Service; m anaged own business 1953-196o; experience in budgeting w hile in a su p e rv iso ry capacity at Chase Field 
We have a good school s y s te m and w ant to m aintain our stan d ard s without added taxes and e x p e n s e s to o u r t a x ­ p a y e rs . T ry in g to find ways and m eans to lower our taxes without endan­ g e r in g our c h il d r e n 's education is my goal. 

EDW IN K. NOLAN, 
33. 
B. 
A 
R ice 
University— 1965; J. I). w ith high honors. U ni­ versity of Texas 197o; At­ to rn e y a lm o s t sev en y e a rs ; c e r tif ie d s e c o n ­ dary school leacher with two years teaching E ng­ lish 
1965-67. 
Step son. 
Steve atten d s Mountain 
Valley School. 

( ISI) has a strong tax base that should be able to furnish a quality edu­ cation for our children w ithout o v e rb u rd e n in g the taxpayers in the Dis­ trict unfortunately, the 
(’ISI) taxpayers are bur­ dened with continually ris in g ta x e s w hile the quality of the education our children are receiv­ ing is at best questiona­ ble. 

MIKE J. CANTU, 
36. g r a d u a te d T rin ity U ni­ versity. B S journalism; g raduate work in urban studies. Trinity and UT- 
SA; administrative assis­ tant to executive director 
E d u c a tio n 
S e rv ice 
Center. Region 2o; re a l­ tor associate, (iaz Green 
R eal 
E s t a t e / i n v e s t ­ m en ts; 15 v e a rs e x p e r ­ ience in communications. 
I feel that Comal ISI) has an excellent e d u ca ­ tional program and staff 
— an e x a m p le for the rest of the state. Every effort should Ik- m ade to con tin u e to im p ro v e it where appropriate. I be­ lieve the state must pay a larger share of the cost of education to relieve local taxpayers. 

For School B o a rd , East C entral District 

(THREE TO BE 
ELECTED) 

C HESTER I). EASTIN, 
39. dental surgeon, gra­ d u a te d 
U niv ersity of 
M issouri, K ansas City. 
Served one year on East 
C e n tra l 
B oard of 
Trustees; m arried, four c hildren, one attending 
E a s t C e n tra l; B a p tist; ra n c h e r, fou n d er. Sup­ port Y our Local Police 
Committee. 
P ro g re s s iv e board of trustees. Definite plans for f u tu r e c la ss ro o m construction and acade­ m ic im p ro v e m en t. $15 million i>ond sale author­ ized for construction. 
Public misinformed on building priorities. One example; Administration building proposed when 

 classroom s d e sp erately needed Insufficient a d ­ m inistrative accounting of activity and enterprise funds. 

R O B ER T D. HOAG. 
37, g r a d u a te d from 
B r a c k e n rid g e 
High 
School; M a rk etin g M a­ jor. A bilene C h ristia n , 
T rinity U niv.; g e n e ra l o p e ra tio n s m a n a g e r . 
H o p p s 
A pp lian ce 
C enters, 13 years; re s i­ dent San 
A ntonio 28 y e ars; two c h ild re n in 
BCD. 
Our superior adm inis­ trative staff and faculty are being h in d e re d in th eir qu est for quality education of our children due to the p re se n t board's lack of support, co n tin u al h a r a s s m e n t, 

 and failure to accept the fact th a t th e ir a c tio n s will result in the loss of a c c r e d ita tio n s by the 
Texas Education Agency . 

MARY 
Y. 
KRWAWICZ. 
49, high school graduate; licensed real estate broker, p re ­ sently m a n a g in g two m alls; execu tiv e s e c re ­ tary of Southeast Deve- lo p em e n t F o u n d a tio n , serv ed on numerous state and n a tio n a l B u sin e ss and P ro fe s s io n a l Wo­ m e n ’s Clubs, Inc.; p r e ­ sen tly serv ing on City* 
County Cooperative Com­ mittee. 
O b i lous w e a k n e ss is inability of m ajority of present board to recog­ nize p o te n tia l loss of 

 school a ccred itatio n , if certain requirements are not m et and prescribed policies and procedures are not adhered to. F o r­ tunately, tax p ay ers are c o n ce rn ed and will r e ­ spond when aware action is re q u ir e d to c o r re c t problem areas. 

S I E F R E N 
W . 
MALDONADO, 29. holds degrees in education and is a fo rm e r te a c h e r al 
East C entral. He is an 
Education Specialist e m ­ ployed by the In te rc u l­ tu ra l D evelopm ent R e­ search Associates. 
EC I SD is besieged by a complexity of problem s c a u s e d by sociological c h a n g e 
New f a m ilie s enter the district almost 

 daily bringing with them values and expectations not tra d itio n a l to E as t 
Central. Texas Education 
Agency. OCR and USOE e x p ec t in n o v ativ e r e ­ sponses to these changes 
KCISD has a competent 
Superintendent and now needs a cooperative, re ­ sp o n s iv e and w e ll-in ­ formed board to facilitate the q u e st for q u a lity e d u c a tio n for all c h il ­ dren. 

EMIL A. DELGADO, 
47. is a former East Cen­ tral student. Ile is m ar­ ried, has one son attend­ ing Oak C re st J u n io r 
High School and th re e c h ild re n E ast C e n tra l graduates. He served six 

 y e ars on F.DISD Board 
(196) 1971); m em ber, St. 
A nthony 
C ath o lic 
Church. 

T he 
E as t 
C e n tra l 
School D istrict is b a s i­ cally rural with emphasis on agriculture, vocation­ al and sports programs. 
Very good band. Healthy environment. Many qu a­ lity teachers. 
Stronger e m p h a s is on re a d in g , writing and arithm etic. 
Loss of revenue to City 
Public Service-Calaveras and Braunig I-akes. Need for b usiness p roducing revenues. Better u n d e r­ s ta n d in g of d i s t r i c t s needs. 

JOHN PASSANO, 49, is m a r r ie d , f a th e r of 

 three ch ild ren . He is a g r a d u a t e of C o m m a n d 
S taff C ollege; r e tire d lie u te n a n t colonel, served 25 years, enlisted and c o m m is s io n e d ; o w ner. H e ro 's Ice and 
Feed, executive pilot for local packer; served two years China Grove Coun­ cilman. 

E ast C e n tra l Schools a re known for stu d e n t p rid e, qu ality and a lt i ­ tude of m ost te a c h e rs, excellent band, vocatton­ al and a g ricu ltu ral pro­ grams. 

A c a d e m ic p r o g r a m needs to Ik- strengthened. 
Lack of revenue produc­ ing industry and loss of re v e n u e to p u b lic u t i ­ lities. 

For School B o a rd , H a rla n d a le District 

PLACE ti 
CIRO DAVIS R O D R I­ 
GUEZ, 
3o; H a rla n d a le 
High School graduate; St 
M a ry 's U niversity g r a ­ d u a te ; c a n d id a te for 
MSW Our Lady of Lake; 
H a r la n d a le 
B o ard of 

T ru stees; m em b e r for three years; Harlandale resid en t 18 years; H a r­ landale ISI) rep resen ta­ tive in 
Texas Assn of 
School B o ard s for two years. 
Areas of Concern need 

 to improve the reading levels, school facilities, and educational achieve­ ment; need to continue to seek s ta te an d fed eral funds, and to work for better school financing, and b e lte r tea ch e r and 

 non-professional employe salaries; need to provide training for our staff'and p r o g r a m s to deal w itll discipline 

A G A PITO GA RCIA , 
49. attended SAC, combat 

 veteran I .S. Navy; civil work together; people of se rv ic e over 2o y e a rs , d is tr ic t c a re for th e ir m arried , four children, (c h ild ren , sch o o ls and 
HSI) r e s id e n t o v e r 2o y e a rs; a ctiv e in c o m ­ munity and civ ic affairs 
S tre n g th s : Ability of c o m m u n ity le a d e rs to 

 n eigh b o rh o o d ;reso u rce­ fulness of all to improve through unity, harmony and cooperation. 
Weaknesses: High pro- 

'perly lax assessment im ­ pedes economic growth 
P ro sp ects of hom e buy mg impeded because of high tax a s s e s s m e n t. 
M any y o u n g fa m ilie s fo rced o u ts id e school district or the suburbs 

For School B o a rd , Judson District 

PLACE a 

LEROY EISENHOWER 
R. D. MILLER 
No response. 
No response. 

For School B o a rd , M e d in a V a lle y District 

PLACE 3 

C A R O L L T .KELLER 
, 
No response. 

IRVIN K E E F E R , 
57. r e tire d Air F o rc e, f a r m ­ ing and irrigation design; 
BS. M iam i Univ., in d u s­ t r i a l m a n a g e m e n t ; a d ­ 

 v a n c e d m a n a g e m e n t . 
G e o r g e 
W a s h i n g t o n 
U n iv .; b r o a d m a n a g e ­ m ent experien ce in b u si­ n e s s a n d 
C S A F ; led 
“ BAM Citizens: in oppo­ s itio n to S an A n to n io 
A irport site se lectio n in 
MVIS!) area. 

T h e t r e n d t o w a r d 

 e v e r i n c r e a s i n g sc h o o l p r o p e r t y ta x e s m u s t be stopped. School taxes are by tar the largest a m o u n t paid by prop erty ow ners yet little atten tio n is g i­ ven to efficient m a n a g e ­ m en t of e x p e n d itu re s by sc h o o l d i s t r i c t s . I w ill w o r k to a c h i e v e h ig h - 

 q u a l i t y e d u c a t i o n a n d h o ld d o w n t a x e s in 
MV1SD. 

PLACE 4 

S U E S. COATES, 
37. c o lle g e g r a d u a t e a n d a housewife with four ch il­ d r e n . S h e is a f o r m e r 

 high school teach er; has v o lu n te e r e x p e rie n c e t u ­ toring. helping d isa d v a n ­ tag ed stu d e n ts , w o rk in g with 4-11 She has served t h r e e y e a r s on th e M e ­ d i n a 
V a lle y 
S c h o o l 
B o a r d , t h e la s t tw o a s p resident. 

C o m m u n i t y u n i q u e ­ 

 ness. school sy stem size p e r m i tt i n g m o re in d iv i­ d u a l a p p o r o a c h , t e a m w o rk . N ew e n r i c h m e n ­ t / r e m e d i a l p r o g r a m s , c o n tin u in g im p ro v e m e n t a n d c a r i n g p e r s o n n e l . 
G r a n t s a w a r d e d for r e a d i n g an d v o c a tio n a l b u ild in g , ad d in g needed 

 p r o g ra m s without taxes. 
I m p r o v e m e n t s n e e d e d to w a r d m o r e c h a l l e n g e a n d g r e a t e r v a r i e t y in u pper g ra d e s, and b etter co m m u n icatio n. 

H ELENE BOEHME 
No response. 

For School B o a rd , N orth East District 

(THREE TO BE 

ELECTED) 

DON 
H A R R IS , 
49. 
B B A U n iv . of T e x a s ; s a le s m a n a g e r m a c h i n ­ e r y c o m p a n y ; 
N E IS ! ) 
Board six years, se rvin g a s p r e s i d e n t a n d v i c e ­ p resid en t; helped o r g a n ­ ize B exar County F e d e r ­ atio n of School B o a rd s ; 

 e d u c a tio n a l r e p r e s e n t a ­ tive to Texas D ep artm en t of C om m u nity Affairs. 
S t r e n g th s a r e : E x c e l ­ lent financial co n d itio n , excellent public support, e x c e l l e n t l e a c h e r r e l a ­ tions. Most im p o rtan t is the f a d th at 33,ooo c h il­ dren a re receiving one of th e f i n e s t e d u c a t i o n s a v a i l a b l e in th i s s t a te , and probably far ah ead of 

 m an y in th e n atio n. An excellent a d m in is tr a tio n team led by an o u tsta n d ­ ing su p erinten dent. 

MAXWELL 
HIGGINBOTHAM 
No response. 

TOM T. WINN, 34. two c h i l d r e n ; 
B B A -U n iv . 
T e x a s ; r e s i d e n t i a l - c o m ­ m ercial develo per W ind ­ 

 c r e s t ; m e m b e r N E I S D 
Board of T ru s te e s th re e y e a rs ( p re s id e n t a n d s e ­ c r e t a r y ) ; m e m b e r SA 
C h a m b e r of C o m m e r c e ; 
O p tim ists Club. 
O u r c h i l d r e n a r e p r e ­ s e n t ly b e n e f i t i n g f r o m one of th e finest e d u c a ­ tional p r o g r a m s in T e x ­ as. T h is has been prov id ­ ed in a rap id ly g ro w in g a r e a t h r o u g h good f a c i­ 

 lities, c a p a b le and d e d i­ c a t e d p e r s o n n e l , h a r ­ m onious school bo ard, a sound c u rric u lu m and all on a so un d financial b a ­ sis. I w o uld like to see this m ain tain ed. 

ARTHUR T. GARZA 
No response. 

FAT 
SHAW. 
54. 
B S .. M A. - S W T U ; 

P h i) T exas A&M U niver­ sity ; R e s e a r c h D ire c to r 
GS-16, School A erospace 
M edicine, Brooks AFB; e d u c a to r, re g u la r A F of­ f i c e r ; v i s i t i n g f a c u l t y m e m b e r , T e x a s A&M. 
V irginia 
Polytechnic 
Institute. 

T h e stu d e n ts, p aren ts, f a c u l t i e s , a d m i n i s t r a ­ tors. facilities, and o v er­ 

 all a c a d e m ic e x c e lle n c e m ak e th e d is tr ic t e x c e p ­ tionally strong; however, the selection of tr u s te e s is th e m a j o r w e a k n e s s . 
S ev eral b o ard m e m b e r s h a v e b een a p p o in te d to fulfill u n e x p ir e d t e r m s , and control has been ac-' c o m p lis h e d by r e s i g n a ­ tion an d a p p o in tm e n t — not t h r o u g h t h e d e m o ­ cratic process. 

For School B o a rd , N o rth sid e District 

PLACE 3 

EUGENE G. REYN­ 
OLDS, 
44. a t t e n d e d 
University of Maryland, m a j o r - h i s t o r y ; r e t i r e d 
U.S. A ir F o r c e 1973 a s 

 c h i e f m a s t e r s e r g e a n t with 21 y ears activ e s e r ­ vice. presently m a n a g e r. 
1oo,(1oo A u to P a r t s ; in- cu m b en t. on board since 
1973. 
A m a jo r stren g th of the 

 school district lies in the o u ts ta n d in g a d m i n i s t r a - . t o r s a n d t e a c h e r s e m ­ ployed in the d istrict and t h e i r d e d i c a t i o n to th e educational needs of our c h ild r e n . T h e r e s u l t i n g 

 r a p p o r t a llo w s th e tr u s te e s an d a d m i n i s t r a ­ tion to d irect th eir a tte n ­ tio n to p r o v i d i n g th e c h i l d r e n of th e d i s t r i c t w ith th e b est e d u c a tio n possible. 

LESLIE L. MCNELIS, 
4o, P h .D . Univ. of Okla., 
CPA. P ro fe s so r and d i r ­ e c t o r , d i v i s i o n of a c ­ co u n tin g UTSA , f o r m e r ex p e rie n c e chief a c c o u n ­ ta n t, U n iv . of O kla. n a ­ 

 tional public accounting, 
12 y e a r s te a c h in g e x p e r ­ ience university level. 
T h e m a jo r s tr e n g th is the rapidly ex p an d in g tax b ase which should enable t h e d i s t r i c t to f i n a n c e 

 a d d i t i o n a l p r o g r a m s without in creasin g taxes. 
T h e m a jo r w eak n e sse s a r e l i m i te d c u r r i c u l u m a n d i n a d e q u a t e i n t r a ­ m u r a l athletic an d s p e ­ cial ed u cation p ro g ra m s . 

For School B o a rd , Som erset District 

PLACE I 

W G. M O R T O N , 
5(1. a t t e n d e d S a n A n to n io 
C o l l e g e , a m i v a r i o u s m a n g e m e n t sc ho o ls; in ­ s t a l l a t i o n s u p e r v i s o r . 
W estern 
E le ctric 
Co. 
I n c .; m e m b e r 
VFYV. 
L io n s C l u b , s e r v e s on e x e c u tiv e c o m m i t t e e of 
Bexar County F ed eratio n of School B oards, cu rre n t p r e s i d e n t of s c h o o l board. 
W e a r e in n e e d of m e a n in g fu l c o m m u n i c a ­ tion betw een the Board of 
T ru s te e s, the school a d ­ 

 m inistration and the citi­ z e n s 
E x p a n s i o n a n d im provem ent o f th e school plant is im m in en t an d will r e q u i r e a p o si­ tive a n d c o o rd in a te d e f ­ fort 

K EN N E TH T R A P P , 35; 
G rad u ated 
C olum bia 
School of B an king ; B A 
E co n o m ic s-T ex as A an d 
I; G r a d u a t e S c h o o l — 
E conom ics — U niversity of T e x a s ; t h r e e y e a r s h ig h s c h o o l t e a c h i n g , e i g h t y e a r s b a n k i n g m a n a g e m e n t ; se n io r v i­ ce p r e s i d e n t l a r g e r e ­ 

 g io n a l b a n k , m a r r i e d , t h r e e c h i l d r e n ; life lo n g resident B exar County. 

T h e m a jo r s tr e n g th is the ded icated profession­ al staff w orking with the m any actively in terested re s id e n ts . Also c o m m i t ­ ted to good schools for the youth. T h e d istrict is geog raphically larg e and r a p i d l y g r o w i n g w h ic h provides ed ucatio nal im ­ pro vem ent o pportunities. 
T h e d is tr ic t h as a p r o b ­ le m f a m i l i a r to m o s t p u b lic sc h o o ls — f i n a n ­ cial an d b u d g e ta ry lim i­ tations. 

PLACE 2 

BILL REINHART, 
37. is a g r a d u a te of S o m erset 
High and d ra fts m a n from. 
D u r h a m s Business C o l­ le g e 
H e is a c o n t r a c t c o o r d i n a t o r fo r 
A&A 
P u m p Co. of San Antonio; is m a rrie d , fath er of two c h i l d r e n in S o m e r s e t 
School. 
B e lie v e s in p e a c e and h a rm o n y a m o n g schools and co m m u n ity and wise e x p e n d i t u r e s or s c h o o l taxes. 

NORMAN 

SLAUGHTER, 38, m a r ­ ried, two son s, g r a d u a te 
B u r b a n k H ig h S c h o o l, attended SAC (real estate sales and b ro k era g e.) He was fo rem an for W estern 
E lectric Co., has lM*en in real e s ta te sales for four y e a r s . H e is C o m m i s ­ sioner of S o m erset Little le a g u e . 

T h e b a c k b o n e of o u r district is a great bunch of young people. T h e fa­ cilities a r e in adequ ate as indicated in 1973 an d 75 by the s ta te agency. N u ­ m erous d eficiences in all a re a s of o u r plant. Little 

 o r no i m p r o v e m e n t s co m p leted o r planned to c o r r e c t p r o b l e m s a n d comply with sta te g u id e­ lines. 

PLACE i 

HUGO BRISENO 
N* response. 

FRANCES HARRIS 
No response. 

BARBARA BOGERT. 
38. is a housewife and has th ree children; one a col­ lege stu d e n t, one a high 

 sc h o o l s o p h o m o r e , an d o n e in th e 7th g r a d e . 
G r a d u a t e d 
S o m e r s e t 
High School 
W e h a v e m a n y fin e p a r e n t s , t e a c h e r s , s t u ­ d e n t s w h o support o u r school. I h a v e a tte n d e d sc h o o l b o a r d m e e t i n g s for Sty y e a rs T h e T exas 
E d u c a t i o n A g e n c y h a s instru cted our d istrict to r e p l a c e th e ju n io r high b u i l d i n g , r e l i e v e o v e r ­ c ro w d e d c o n d itio n s, u p ­ g r a d e th e s c i e n c e p r o ­ g r a m . If e le c t e d , I will w o r k to c o r r e c t t h e s e problem s. 

For School B o a rd , South San A n to n io District 

(THREE TO BE 

ELECTED) 

J O H S J. L E A L . 
33. m a r r i e d , tw o c h i l d r e n , s u p e r v i s o r C P S B o a rd , 
Associate 
D egree 
Mid- 
M o n a g c m e n t . a c t i v e in 
•lay cees: U P S Key P e r ­ s o n n e l 
G r o u p a n d 
S p e a k e r ’s B u reau ; A sso­ c i a t i o n ut 
R e c o r d s 
M a n a g e rs & A d m in is tra ­ t o r s . F i v e P a l m s E l e ­ m e n t a r y 
F T A . s u p e r ­ 

 v iso r V o catio n al O ffice 
Education for H arland ale 
& Southwest high school students. 
W e a k n e ss : I n c r e a s in g cost of e d u c a tio n w h ile tax reso u rces r e m a in b a­ sically u n ch an g ed 
As a re s u l t , th e SSA ISD h a s been ran k ed as th e lith poorest in the State, and th i r d p o o r e s t in B e x a r 
County, 
Strengths: Sound fiscal m a n a g e m e n t w hich has e n a b l e d th e d i s t r i c t to 

 pro vide new sc hools a n ­ d /o r additions ev ery y ear d uring the last nine y ears w hile r e m a i n i n g w ith in budget restrain ts. 

EUG ENE JOHNSON 
No response. 

JOHN SALDANA 
No response. 

PEDRO HERNANDEZ 
No response. 

NICK MONREAL 
No response. 

F R E D E R IC K 
L. 
F U L C H E R . 
43. 
S u p e r v i s o r e l e c t r o n i c m a in te n a n c e U S A F Sec. 
S e r v ic e C ry p to lo g ic D e­ pot . th re e y ears college 
A c tiv e in c h u r c h a n d co m m u n ity activities. 

T h e m a j o r s t r e n g t h s within the sy stem a r e fa­ 

 cilities a n d teach ers. T h e w e a k n e sse s a r e th e lack of a good p ro g ra m within the e le m e n ta ry school to aid a n d a s s i s t p r o b le m learn ers o r counselo rs to work w ith the p a re n ts in o v e r c o m in g t h e s e p r o b ­ lem s also a good physical e d u catio n p r o g r a m with q u a l i f i e d i n s t r u c t o r at the e le m e n ta ry level. 

ALDA J. LOFLIN, 44. high school g ra d u a te , one 

 y e a r college, a d m in is tr a ­ tive a s s is ta n t-city /county a p p r a i s a l o ffic e . S o u th 
S a n P T A p r e s i d e n t all l e v e l s , p a s t p r e s i d e n t 
S o u th S a n C o u n c il of l*TA’s. nine y ears e x p e r­ ience in taxation, fifteen y e a r s c o m m u n i t y s e r ­ vice. 

S t r e n g t h s 
S o u th San 
C itizen s v alu es and sup- liorts education. Being a sm a ll District it affords a c lo s e r w o rk in g r e la tio n ­ 

 ship within our c o m m u n ­ ity 

W e a k n e s s : 
L a c k of sp e c ia liz e d p e rso n n e l in 
M u s ic & P h y s i c a l E d u ­ cation in o u r E lem en tary schools. High te a c h e r vs. pupil ratio. Need to e v a ­ luate c u r ric u lu m placing e m p h a s i s on A c a d e m ic level. 

NARCISO MENDOZA 
No response. 

For School B o a rd , S ch e rtz-C ib o lo -U n ive rsa l City District 

(TWO TO BE 

ELECTED) 

CHARLES SHARP 
Na response. 

TKR RY BRANHAM, 
41, housewife, three c hil­ dren. Artist. 2 years col­ lege, active in c h u rch , school, community 

Strengths: Hood physi­ cal plants, cu rricu lu m . 

 c o u n se lin g p r o g r a m , planning of budget and good vocational training in high school. 

W ea k n es se s 
Zoning creates problems in that vee have 3 towns involved in the district, yet part of 
Universal City is in a n ­ other d is tric t en tirely . 
There is a problem in bus s c h e d u lin g . Som e s t u ­ dents must wait thirty to 
45 m inutes after school for buses 

KOB BIRDWELL, t w o 

 children, retired AK g ra ­ duate engineer. HI years experience construction and b u ild in g m a i n t e n ­ ance. District resident 12 years. 

.My goal is quality edu­ cation to develop all our students to the ir fullest potential. Quality educa­ tion is today threatened by e sc a la tin g costs for co n stru ctio n and m a in ­ tenance of our facilities. I believe my work e x p e r­ ience- will bt* an asset to the d istric t and pledge my total involvement in 

 our educational system. 

NELL ii. V I S K , 
47. m arried, 4 children. Civil 
S ervice em ploye. R e s i ­ dent St UC school district sin c e 
1963. s e rv e d 2 term s Schertz City Coun­ cil; Dart m em b er SC UC 
CKP board Attends SAC 

Strengths: Overall rat­ ing of the SCUC school district is very got»d and need not be compared to more affluent school dis­ tricts. T h ere are m any 

 opportunities for the stu­ dents. 
W e a k n e s se s, s t UC teachers do not have job se c u rity , re g a rd le s s of experience, years of ser* v ice. etc At age 65. they a re re tired when m any a re still cap ab le to top p e rfo rm an ce T ea ch e rs need m o re fre e d o m to develop program s to sti­ m ulate student interest and to keep pace with changing times 

PAUL F. CECIL. 
Vt, r e tir e d A F in s tr u c to r 

S U T S l 
G ra d u a te . 
SU TSU working toward 
MA in history. 

Our district enjoys an excellent staff and atone average facilities. How- ever, self-aggrandizing bo ard m e m b e rs who cater to special interest g ro u p s can ra p id ly ch an g e this Too m any d e c is io n s have been m a d e in pu b lic and changed in private. We need new b o ard m em bers interested pri­ m arily in e d u c a tio n a l and community needs 

Kit HARD 
C 
KR HETLER 41, SMSC! 
(R et. A F ) 2o w a r s e x ­ perience accounting and finance; high school g ra ­ d u a t e ; n u m e r o u s m ili­ tary courses in m an ag e­ m en t; su p erv ision, a c ­ c o u n t i n g an d fin a n c e 
Employed by Randolph- 
Brooks F e d e r a l C redit 
I Ilion since 1974. 
S tre n g th s : S m all d is ­ trict with low taxes. . 
Weakness The m ajori­ ty of taxpayers have no interest in m a tte rs p e r­ taining to the school dis­ trict. 

For School B o a rd , Southside District 

PLACE I 

DEN NIS E. LAIRD. 
57; high school graduate. 
R etired U.S. Army; go­ v e r n m e n t c o n s tru c tio n in s p e c to r maintenance supervisor for en g in eer­ ing; e q u ip m e n t r e p a ir training; engineering ba­ sic training instructor 
S t r e n g th s tr y in g to operate the school on too 

 small budget 
W eaknesses: the lack of proper instruction i i i some class room s. The tea ch e r s a ttitu d e with the students, 

JERRY S. AROCHA. 
I I , c e rtifie d o p e ra tin g room te c h n ic ia n , g r a ­ d u a te S o u th sid e High 
School and St. P h ilip s school of nursing. 

We have good leaders in our district, but they need help and funds to function 

 hie main weakness is the lack of interest in the d is tr ic t. 
Two m a jo r issu e s needing i m m e ­ d iate a tte n tio n a re the uncollectible taxes owed to the district and poor water supply. 

DEL.M VR WINDHORST 
No response. 

PLAl E 2 

MACK C. STALLCUP. 
39. m arrie d , three ch il­ d re n . em p lo y e d N orth 
P a rk L in c o ln -M crc u ry . iechnician-Serv ice Dept 
(•ra d 
(‘a la tio n 
High 
School; attended Univ of 

( oi pus ( nrisii. Del-Mar 
College; 
U S . 
A rm y 
1959-1962. In Southside 
Hist since April 1962 
T h e s tr e n g th of our d istric t lies in the s tu ­ d e n ts , te a c h e r* , and a few parents or taxpayers. 
I'm proud of our s t u ­ dents. because they want to m ake t h i n g s work or improve. 
T h e w eak n ess of our 

 d is tr ic t is lu n d s and community involvement. 
We need funds for more equipm ent and facilities and we need m ore com ­ m unity support aud e n ­ c o u ra g e m e n t for s t u ­ dents 

MRS JU (JI IN SKY. 
37. two c h ild re n . High 
School graduate. 9 years 

UTA. two y e a r s Hand 
Boosters 

The m ajor strength of our district is the federal fumls we receive and the c o n ce rn ed p o p u lac e of our district O ur weak* h is s is the lack of in ­ dustry and b u sin e ss in the district, thus placing us in the underprivileged bracket. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sundoy, March 27, 1977 
Poge 13-V 

For School B o a rd , Southw est District 

(TW O TO BE 
ELECTED) 
PHIL AELVOET. 
51. m a rrie d , five children who attended Southwest schools; lived in district 
28 y e a r s ; s e rv e d on school board past IVfe years, farm er. 
The m ajor strength of t-he S o u th w e st School 
District is the coopera­ tion of the s u p e rin te n ­ dent. board and all other 

 personnel involved. The m ajor weakness is the lack of industry needed to defray costs of new buildings due to rapid growth of the district. 

NICK CONSTANZO, 
59, m arried , two g ra n d ­ c h ild r e n a tte n d in g 
S o u th w e st schools; served on school board 14 years. 
The m ajor strength of the S o u th w e st School 

District is the continuing c o o p e ra tio n we have from the board to the a d m in istra tio n , to the faculty, and to the gen­ eral community, organi­ zations in the school such as P-TA, Booster Club 
(a th le tic , b and, etc ). 
The biggest weakness is th e r a p id ity of the growth of the district. 

LEONARD 
CRAW­ 
FORD, 32, m arried, two 

 c h ild re n ; high school graduate; form er deputy sheriff; salesm an; part time Leon Valley Police 
D e p a rtm e n t; m e m b e r 
Southw est E le m e n ta ry 
P-TA 
I feel that under the p resent a d m in istratio n the Southwest district is not p ro g re s s in g as it should It has reached a point of stagnation. If it rem ains under the sam e administration, it will 

 rn 
Municipa 

 rem ain stagnant. 

MARIO RAMIREZ, 
34, m a r r ie d , two c h il­ dren, career Air Force; m ilita r y tr a in in g in ­ structor Lackland AFB; president Bob Hope P- 
TA; 
S u n d ay school teacher, St Bonaventure 
Church. 

Southwest School Dis­ trict has a good basic educational program but 

 not enough em p h asis is put on cultural arts We have excellent c o o p e ra ­ tion betw een the school and com m unity but our p r e s e n t school b o a rd m e m b e rs do not r e p r e ­ sent the true ethnic b a ­ lan ce or o c c u p a tio n a l background of the co m ­ munity they serve. 

R. C. LOPEZ, 
35, 

 m arried, four children, vice president. Metl-Biit 
Co.; resident of the dis­ trict all his life; reserve patrolman, sheriff's department. 

Under the present ad ­ ministration, the district is not progressing as it should. It has reached a point of stagnation. If it rem ains under the sam e administration it will remain stagnant. 

Each of the contested candidates in Bexar County municipalities holding elections on April 2 were asked one question. Each was given a maximum of 5o words in which 

 to answer that question. Some candidates chose to use fewer words. 
Only the contested candidates are listed. 

The question posed to each of the candiddates follows: 
"W hat is your prim ary concern for your city government?” 

- jr 
For City Council, A la m o H eights 
. i 

MAYOR 

ELKIN MCGAUGHY. 
49. is a graduate of Uni­ versity of Texas; is pre­ sently a real e s ta te d e ­ veloper He has served on the p la n n in g c o m m i s ­ sion. city council m em ber Alamo Heights, p re s id e n t San A ntonio 
B u ild e rs A ssn., v e stry 

 m an . C hrist E p isco p al 
Church; director. Nation­ al Assn Home Builders; director. Citizens Nation­ al Bank. 

I. Continued good fire and police service. 2. Sa­ tisfactory completion of 
T uxedo Road im p ro v e ­ m e n ts . 3. W ork w ith a u th o r itie s on O lm os 

D am p ro je c t to keep roadway there. 

CLYDE KYLE 
Na response. 

PLACE 2 

WILLIAM E. SIR O 
ZIER. 
84, 25 y ear resi­ dent Alamo Heights, BA 
Rice. M I) Texas; Army 

S e rv ice G ilb e rt Islan d and P a la u c a m p a ig n s ; p ast m e d ic a l d ir e c to r 
P la n n e d 
P a r e n th o o d , sp e c ia l m e m b e r P l a n ­ ning Commission, Meth­ odist Hospital. St. Lukes 
Church. Engaged in p ri­ vate medical practice. 

My intentions as an al­ d e rm a n will be to s u p ­ 

 port the unique status of 
Alamo Heights as both a d e s ir a b le r e s id e n tia l neighborhood and a d e ­ veloping business area. 

S om e o b je c tiv e s a re easy and safe access to schools and public places by pedestrian, bicycle, an d m o to r t r a n s p o r t a ­ tion. and recreational a r­ ea development 

R E. FAWCETT Jr., 
45, m arrie d , th ree c h il­ d r e n , a tte n d e d A lam o 
H e ig h ts 
E le m e n ta r y . 
Ju n io r and Senior High 
School, g ra d u a te TM I; 
BBA fro m U T .. A F served Korean War, exe­ cutive vice president 
Frost National Bank 

My primary concern is 

 to c o n tin u e with sound responsible city g o vern­ ment in the city of Alamo 
Heights. I am running for office because I believe it is my,civic responsibility as a citizen. I believe that special interest g ro u p s have th e rig h t to be heard, but I don’t believe they should control go ­ v e rn m e n t to the d e t r i ­ ment of the majority 

For City Council, C astle H ills 

PLACE 2 

CURTIS N. COX, 
52. 
BBA. MS. J I) B ay lo r 
University g raduate stu ­ dent Trinity University. 
High school te a ch e r go­ v e rn m e n t an d e c o n o ­ m ics. 
In c u m b e n t m em ber City Council; 29 year experience indepen­ dent oil and gas business. 
E ffic ie n t, e c o n o m ic . 

 c o u rte o u s city g o v e r n ­ m ent d e liv e rin g the m axim um service to the citizens for their tax dol­ lar. 

NELL G R E E N , 
39. housewife, two children. 
G iles Co.; h ig h school 
Tennessee, resident Cas­ tle 
H ills 
15 y e a rs , m e m b e r A lta r Society 

Holy 
S p irit 
C ath o lic 
Church. Correspondence s e c re ta r y C a s tle Hills 
Elementary School, BTA and e x e c u tiv e bo ard 
Eisenhower Middle P I A 
There is not enough ci­ tizen participation i i i our local government. I want to stimulate the citizen’s interest i i i getting out to vote, and to take an ac­ tive part in th e ir J.oeal 

 g overnm ent 
I consider all of th is e s s e n tia l to good g o v e rn m e n t. F o r good g o v e r n m e n t, we must start at our cities. 

PLACE 3 

BILL J. (’DBB, 47. is a graduate of San Antonio 
T ech ; h as b een a San 
Antonio resident for se ­ ven y e a rs . 
He is a 

 m em ber of: Apartment 
Assn , Federation of In­ dependent Business. San- 
Antonio Floor Covering 
Assn., Board of A d ju st­ m en t C a stle H ills; a 
M arin e d u rin g K orean 
War. 
T h ere is too little in ­ terest and participation in day to day g o v e r n ­ ment lf we are to have b e tte r g o v e rn m e n t, we 

 m ust sta rt on the local level. 

SIGAL A. TIMMINS, 
87; attended Baylor Uni­ v ersity; was m an a g in g d ir e c to r of 
Stecher-Traung-Schmidt 
Corp.; now semi-retired; m e m b e r of D ow ntow n 
R o tary , E lks. M asons, 
Alzafar, p ast-chairm an, 
Red Carpet Committee, 

C ham ber of Com m erce; p a s t- c h a ir m a n . C a stle 
Hills zoning commission. 
Life long Texan; Castle 
Hills, 2o years 

To m a in ta in its c o n ­ s e rv a tiv e n a tu r e — rn- m otc it, e x te n d it and hold to it "T he serv ice I render is th** rent I pay for the space I occupy in my com m unity." 

For City Council, China G ro v e 

(FIVE TO BE 

ELECTED) 

DOROTHY BETTICE 
Na response. 

JAMES FURLONG 
Ns response. 

ROBERT AGUILAR 
No response. 

Bl KLEN L. HORTON, 
52, B S.. M A. degrees, 
S outhw est T ex a s S tate 
C ollege; te a c h e r , vice- 

 principal, c u r r i c u lu m s p e c ia lis t of p r a c tic a l a r ts San A ntonio In d e­ pendent School Dist,, 28 y e a r s ; r e s id e n t th r e e years, memlier volunteer fire d e p a rtm e n t, ;Jder- man City Council. 

My p r im a r y c o n ce rn for the city governm ent of China Grove is that the c o m m u n ity re c e iv e s maxim um return for tax d o lla rs sp e n t — b ein g fa ir and e q u ita b le to every citizen. 

DWAYNE PARKER. 
28, has a BS in mechani­ cal engineering; works as en g in eer in oil and gas industry. 
C hina G rove needs a- lo n g -te rm s tre e t im 

 provement program that 

 will give im m ediate r e ­ lief to the s tr e e ts th at h ave been s e v e rly d a ­ m aged by the long wet 

 s | m*II A program should be d e v elo p ed to 

 incorporate preventative m easures and strenuous efforts for improvement. 

( HARLES KELLY 
Nu response. 

For City Council, C on verse 

(TW O TO BE 

ELECTED) 

NORRIS HAMILTON 
No response 

ROBERT I) RICHER 
SON, 
48. m arried , two c h ild r e n ; high school; operates mail o rd er bu­ siness; held several of­ fices A m erican Legion. 
A ir 
F o rc e 
S e rg e a n ts 
Assn ; i i i 1978-77 edition 

‘‘C o m m u n ity 
L e a d e rs and N oteworthy A m e ri­ cans ’’ 
I thin k the C o n v erse 
City Government should e n c o u ra g e m o re c o m ­ m ercial grow th for the city lf the city expanded 

 in the com m ercial area as it has the las t few years in the residential area there would Ik* jobs locally for m an y of the re s id e n ts and in c re a s e the e c o n o m ic a l h e a lth and prestige of the city 

DENYER J. MOOD. 
58; g ra d u a te Southw est 
T exas State University; th r e e y e a r s te a c h in g , school administration. 29 y e ars m ilitary service, retired; four years insur­ ance adm inistration; ac­ 

 tive church, com m unity affairs 
I am privileged to live in the historic and grow mg city of Converse. In return, I want to work in the city g o v e rn m e n t 

 representing it’s citizens lo in su re that th e ir t a ­ lents are used and their concern* carefully consi­ d e re d 
F is c a l m a t t e r s and youth program s and facilities are my primary concern. 

For City Council, Elm endorf 

PLACE I 

STANLEY LAMBERT 
Na response. 

DARIO GUERRA 
No response. 

PLACE 2 

MICHAEL BALL 
No response. 

SEVRIANO SAUCEDA 
No response. 

For City Council, Hill Country V illa g e 

ED M cNabb Jr., 56, married, seven children; 
Civil Service, Kelly AFB; 
13 years resident, Hill 
C ountry 
V illage; m e m b e r Hill C ountry 
Village Council. 

PLACE I 
ROBERT 
B. 
NOURIE, 
55, m arried, three daughters; Central 
Catholic High School. St 
M a ry 's U n iv e rsity ; r e ­ tire d m ilita ry ; past manager furniture store; re sid e n t seven y e a rs , commissioner of fire and police (Hollywood Park); p re s id e n t. 
Hollywood 
Park Homeowners' Assn 
(1972-73). 
I would like our local council to be m o re re* sportive and responsible to the people. On our lo­ cal level we have the un- 

My m ajor concern is maintaining Hill Country 
Village as a unique resi­ dential city, attempting to do this by controlled, healthy grow th of the c o m m u n ity . My m ain 

 ique op p o rtu n ity to ex-- perienee true democracy 
— government by and of the people. Therefore, I will devote every effort to get much more resident p a r tic ip a tio n in th e ir government. 

CHARLES 
SKID 
MORE, 
47. O k lah o m a 
U niv ersity BBA, Kelly 
AFB Contracting Officer. 
Sunday School S u p erin ­ ten d e n t. M a rrie d , twit, daughters m arried to San 
Antonio p o licem en . 
Holds both certifications as ( PCM and GPM Hoi- 

 goal is to m aintain a low tax rate. I support en ­ forcement of our ordin­ a n ce s a n d c o n tin u e d protection of our c o m ­ m u n ity fro m e x p lo ita ­ tion. 

EDITH A. ZAUDER. 
46, m a r r ie d , two c h il­ d re n ; 
BS, e d u c a tio n . 
University of Vermont; graduate work Columbia 
University; enrolled in graduate school, UTS A, 

 division of Environm en­ tal S tudies; appointed m em ber. Planning Com- mision, Hill Country Vil­ lage. 

My m ajor concern is 

For City Council, H o lly w o o d Pork 

 lvwood 
P a r k 
H om e 
O w n ers 
A ssn. p ast president; A lderm an in charge of Police and Fire 
Departments 1972-1974. 

My p rim a ry concerns are that city services and facilities should be in ­ creased without increas­ ing property taxes, that all city o rd in an c es , in ­ cluding the dog lease law and building ordinances, should be s tr ic tly e n ­ forced and that consider­ ation should be given to property tax exemptions to th o se h o m e o w n e rs over 65. 

PLACE 3 
REGINALD ll. K ID­ 
WELL, 
71; g r a d u a t e 
S o uthw est T e x a s S ta te 
U n iv e rsity ; r e ti r e d 
American Bed Cross, 3o years dom estic, foreign field s e rv ic e ; f o r m e r c o u n c ilm a n , school trustee, school s u p e rin ­ tendent; Korean duty, I- 
Corps Area, 4o77 MASH; avid reader; native 
Texan. 
Continued cooperation with o ffic ia ld o m , both suburbia and central city to maintain and enhance waler supply, law en- 

 maintaining the quality dense growth. Our eoun- of life we have enjoyed in t il should actively lead in 
Hill Country Village. Hill the maintenance of the 
Country Village is grow- quality of life we have ing and in turn is being enjoyed in Hill Country s u rro u n d e d d a ilv by 
Village. 

 forcement. good govern­ ment in all echelons. 
STEVE I. SPAUGH. 
53; BA La Sierra College. 
Arlington. Calif.; owner, 
Steve S p a u g h R ealty,- 
Steve 
S p a u g h 
Inc. 
Agency. 
I think we need new, a g g r e s s iv e and e v er c h a n g in g le a d e r s h ip from our citizenry I feel strongly that one term in office at e a c h level is probably enough for any of us 
We need to tell v o ters a lte rn a tiv e s , costs, and let them d e­ cide. 

V B . HARRISON, 
46: high school graduate, at­ ten d ed t r a d e school; electrician. 
To assist in the “ R e ­ turn to Local Control of 
Local G o v e rn m e n t by 
Local 
G o v e r n m e n t” drive, thereby helping to keep tax es and a s s e s s ­ ment fees at a m inim um. 
Also to help educate the general public. 
SAM W. VAN DER 
WEIDE, 51, has a BS in ph y sics an d g r a d u a te work from T rinity U ni­ versity. He is presently an electronic e n g in eer. 

 consultant and active in the U.S. Air F o rc e R e ­ serve. grade, colonel. He has been an electronic en g in eer 19 y e ars; s p e ­ cial agent, U.S. G overn­ m en t, four y e a r s ; A ir 
Force Reserve. 29 years. 
When elected I intend to serve the best interest of all Hollywood P ark ci­ tizens. I have no associa­ tions with any special in­ terest groups. I will su p ­ port our excellent police and fire dep artm en ts to in su re that H ollyw ood 
P a rk continues to be a safe p lace in w h ich to live. 

For City Council, K irb y 

MAYOR 

R D. MILLER 
No response. 

L.W. 
SW E E T , 
58, m arried , g ra d u ate G e r­ m antow n High School, 
Pa.; attended University of M a ry lan d ; r e tir e d 

A rm y o fficer, fin an ce, accounting, auditor; se- c r e ta r y - tr e a s u r e r B a r t­ ley P u m p , Inc. fo rm er 
K irby city s e c re ta r y : 
K irby r e s id e n t four years. 
My p rim ary desire is offering fresh leadership to Kirby to promote more efficiencies, maintain 

 the city’s present sound fin an cial position, p r o ­ mote m ore openness and accessibility to city go­ vernment thereby contri­ buting to a well informed citizenry leading to more com m unity interest and p a r tic ip a tio n . and achieving realistic plan­ ning for K irby’s inevita­ 

 ble growth. 

MILTON HOENEKE 
No response. 

PLACE 4 

JER R Y R. K N E U P ­ 
PER. 42, is a high school g r a d u a te . He is a m e ­ 

 c h a n ic for S im s F ire 
E q u ip m e n t 
Co.; has served on the city council for past four years. 

H olding the line on taxes with a la rg e r ex­ emption for citizens over 
65. Streets and Drainage im p r o v e m e n ts . P a r k s and recreation areas. 

ARNOLD J. 
JO HN­ 
SON, 46; attended grade school. Pennsylvania; re­ tired 24'a y ear’s service, senior NCO. Army. 1971; self em p lo y ed . 1971-75; b o rd e r p a tro l o ffice r; 
1975; presently employed 
Friedrich Refrigeration. 

Lower utility rates for 

 all hom e and b u sin e ss. 
B etter ro ad s, and s id e walk construction within the city. An ordinance to restrict all farm type a n ­ imals within the city li­ m its (rem o v ab le). P r o ­ mote an ordinance for a clean city and b e a u tifi­ cation program. E n co u r­ age more small business. 

For City Council, Leon V a lle y 

PLACE I 

RON LAMMERT. 
3o. 
BA journalism T rinity; m a s t e r ’s c o m m u n ic a ­ tions UT Austin; owner, m a n a g e r p u b lis h in g firm; m em ber Concordia 
L u th e ran 
C h u rc h ; m em ber Advisory Coun­ cil Northside Boy’s Club. 
Leon Valley needs to a ttra c t new b u sin e sse s which will not only in ­ crease our tax base, bu also complement the rest of our com m unity. City g o v e rn m e n t sh o u ld be effective and economical 
As c o u n c ilm a n I will scrutinize all proposals 

 to insure that our citizens get the most for their tax dollars. 

MICHEAL R. MAR 
TIN, 35, g raduate B ap­ tis t 
B ible 
C ollege, 
Springfield, Mo.; P astor 
T em ple Baptist Church. 
E x p erien ce in business m a n a g e m e n t and p ro b ­ lem s a ffectin g lives of people. 
In the past a candidate had lo be e n d o rse d by those in control of our ci­ ty government to win an election. However, I be­ lieve that we are entering a new era of politics in 
Leon Valley in that the 

 people want and need an independent voice on the city council 

PLACE 3 

JAKE ANDREWS. 59 d ire c to r p ersonnel and safety, Borden Co.; coun­ cilm an . police c o m m is ­ sioner, m ayor p r o te in , 
I .eon Valley. 
As y o u r Leon Valley 
C o u n c ilm a n , 
I have worked to reduce crim e in our community. We’ve added to our police force, a c q u ire d o u r own d i s ­ p a tc h in g s y s te m and s ta rte d the L.V. C rim e 
Prevention Assn The job 

 is not yet done. We need to c o n tin u e th is c lo se partnership lietween citi­ zens and police. 

MARGARET REAVES. 
52. is a real estate sales associate; retired from 
28 years as a civil service computer analyst; served two years on Leon Valley 
City 
C ouncil; sold jewelry for IO years and completed a $61,ooo girls cottage at Medina Chil­ dren’s Home. 
I feel C h r is tia n , s i n ­ cere. honest and dedicat­ ed individuals m ust be­ come involved iii city g o ­ vernm ent. I am against 

 u n r e a lis tic c a m p a ig n p ro m ises which cannot be and a r e not a c c o m ­ plished We must apply good co m m o n se n se to our decisions in the best in te re s t of our c o n s tr tuents, not to satisfy our selves or our ego. 

PLACE 5 

OLEN YARNELL. 35; attended SAC, National 
School of A ero n au tics; cu sto m er service agent 
San Antonio Internation­ al 
A irp o rt; m e m b e r b o ard of a d ju s tm e n ts , v o lu n te e r fire d e p a r t ­ ment (Leon Valley). 
( itizen p a rtic ip a tio n 

For City Council, Live O a k 

PLACE I 
SAUL ZALA/.NICK. 
52; b a c h e lo r ’s d e g re e , political science; Depart­ ment Welfare hearing of­ ficer; twice elected WCID 
No 13 board of directors; c h a r t e r m e m b e r Live 
O ak v o lu n te e r fire d e ­ p a r tm e n t ; c h a irm a n 
H om e 
Rule 
C h a rte r 
Commission; IO year re­ sident. Live Oak 
T he p ro v isio n of r e ­ sponsible and acco u n ta­ ble g o v e rn m e n t th at is responsive to the needs and desires of all the ci­ tizens of Live Oak Stabi­ lizing the rising costs of m u n icip al g o v e rn m e n t. 
Form ulating a workable 

 policy of growth plan­ ning th a t e n h a n c e s property values in an ex­ panding su b u rb an c o m ­ munity. 

 k a r e n McIn t y r e 
No response. 

PLACE 2 
JAMES R. TEMPLE 
TON. 
Georgia; AF’ Institute of 

 the elderly, disabled, re­ tired — all those on fixed incomes. Live Oak has growing pains. Orderly growth m ust bt* accom ­ plished by careful plan­ ning with fiscal respon­ sibility. The cost of this expansion should come p rim a rily from the de- 
.„ u ., 
,, 
. velopers, the rem ainder a i.- i 
. 
. 
o shared by all the citizens. 

Technology; USAF. 22 
LINDA 
K. 
BLACK y e a rs , r e tir e d ; e x p er- MAN, 
27. B ach elo r of ie nee m aster planning. S cien ce. 
T ex a s 
T ech civil engineering, sanita U n iv e rs ity ; m a s te r s lion, F’ire Deptartment. degree in counseling, St. 
Disaster Control. 
M a r y 's U n iv e rsity ; in- 
The num ber one prob- s t r u c to r 
St. 
M a r y ’s, lein everywhere is “ Big Supervisor Bexar County 
G overnm ent” and infla- T ax O ffice; Live Oak 
(ion Putting a strain on C om m unitv F und, Inc.; 

 and M anagem ent A ssis­ tance N etw ork of Live 
Oak 
My primary concern is for the people's voice in city decisions, an open and b etter way of c o m ­ municating. I believe in a re s tra in e d taxation po­ licy, a close observance of controlled commercial and community develop­ ment. and a strong fiscal responsibility by the City 
Council of Live Oak 

PLACE 3 
VERN HANAN 
No response. 

JACK PRENTISS, 4(1; two y ears college, busi­ 

 n e s s a d m in is tr a tio n : 
USAF’, 2o years, person­ nel. adm inistration: pre­ sen tly le a s i n g / r e n t a l agent Ryder Truck Ren­ tal. 
My primary concern as p ertains to city g o vern­ m ent is the sound and equitable displacemnent of city affairs which re­ sults in serving the peo­ ple iii a professional and ethical m anner lf elect­ ed I will e n d e a v o r to represent the citizens of 
Live Oak judiciously with their best interests as my goal 

M ILLI AM 
“ BILL” 
I A V t i i i i o e r i i t H h l i r h 

 really w o rk s in Leon 
Valley. I have worked on many different civ ic pro­ jec ts — th e V o lu n te e r 
F ire D epartm ent, street lighting, the park and t h e . library. As councilman, I will encourage as m uch citizen p a rticip a tio n as po ssib le. 
F’or only through citizen involve­ ment. can we achieve ef­ ficient a n d r e s p o n s iv e government. 

ALIE 
BALDRIDGE a tte n d e d S M U. ; e m ­ ployed at Kelly AFB; 
Board of Trustees, Beth­ any U n ited C h u rc h of 
Christ; Korean W ar Ve- 

 school graduate; atte n d ­ ed Air F’o rc e m e d ic a l schools; certified Texas 
F ire F ighter, Police Of­ ficer; occupation, retail expansion, Fox Stanley 
Photo; City Councilman, 
Live Oak. 1972-1976. 
S u p p o rt of city staff and fire police protection for all citizens. Keeping taxes on a low base and bring c o m m e rc ial busi- ness to the citv. 

PLACE 5 

JAMES HOEKMAN 
No response. 

OLGA K. BOLDUC. 46 m arried, seven children; 
Iwtrn. raised San Antonio. 

 teran; m em ber of A m er­ ican Legion, Air F o rc e 
A ssn. 
M a rs h a ll 
R a m 
Booster Club an d Leon 
Valley Lions Club. Active in Boy Scouts and A lam o 
Area Council. 
Due to e x tr a o r d in a r y increases in the cost of living, increases in taxes should be justified. Long range goals for specific areas of need should be prioritized with citize n input 
G o v e r n m e n t should a s s u r e p r o p e r maintenance of ALL pro­ p e rty . 
G o v e r n m e n t should be representative of all the people in clu d ­ ing women. 

 a tte n d e d p a r o c h ia l schools; lived F’ra n c e . 
G e rm a n y . 
V ir g in ia . 
Florida. Illinois; e x p e r ­ ienced superv isory sales, 
As a citizen of Live Oak for nearly five years. I ani concerned with plans city officers are develop­ ing for the city’s future and wish to Im* involved 

 iii that planning. It is my desire to push for g re ater participation of council m em bers in the rendition of major decisions. 

WILLIAM LONG 
No response. 

MABEUS SI WEEKI 
No response. 

For City C ouncil, Schertz 

PLACE 3 

WALTER 
F. 
SCHNEIDER. 
57. m ar­ ried, two children; re ­ tire d Air F o rc e , GSI; owned own bueiness in 
S c h e r tz ; s e rv in g on 
S c h e r tz 
C ity 
Council since 1975. 
My m ain concern for the city is to keep the present continuity in city g o v e r n m e n t and to represent all of the citi­ zens in town. I am fully 

(T W O TO BE 

ELECTED) 

CHARLES 
W. 
JO­ 
S E P H , 
39. g ra d u a te 
B r a c k e n r id g e 
High 
School; D e p a rtm e n t of 
H ig h w a y s an d P u b lic 
Transportation 2o years; past fire chief, currently alderm an Shavano Park. 

(THREE TO BE 

ELECTED) 

ADOLPH HOFFMAN 
No response. 
T P. ALCORTA. 53, is a high school graduate. 

 retired and devote time to the city. full 

SHERM AN DAVIS, 
41, m a r r ie d , two c h il­ dren; BGS, University of 
N e b r a s k a , 1973; owns own business in Schertz; m e m b e r Schertz E ven­ ing Lions Club, Schertz 
B u s i n e s s m a n ’s 
Club, 
G r e a t e r 
R an d o lp h 
C ham ber of Commerce. 
My m ajor concern is m ore efficient city go­ vernment. I would like to 

I w ould like to work to w a r d s a ste ad y u p ­ g r a d in g of o u r s tr e e ts a n d w a te r s y s te m . 
I would also like to inves­ tig a te the feasibility of a d d in g a p a tro lm a n to our Police Department. 

ELLIOTT FLOYD. 39; attended St. Phillips Col- 

His present occupation is g e n e r a l m e c h a n ic . He has served five years on the city council. 
To help the people with th e ir needs in the new 

 w o rk to w a rd renew ed residential construction and new businesses to broaden the tax base. I would like to see a re­ serve fund established to p u r c h a s e a new fire truck. 

PLACE 4 
ED L. SHARPE, 
37, m a r r i e d ; hig h school graduate; Armed Forces 
D e fe n s e L a n g u a g e In ­ s tru c to r; p a rtn e r in a d a ta p ro c e s s in g firm ; m e m b e r Schertz E ven­ 

 ing Lions Club; presently serving on Schertz City 
Council. 
My m ajor concerns for the c ity a r e the increasing cost of oper­ ating city services and the increased problem of c rim e within the city, which is caused prim ari­ ly by the operation of the judicial system. 

EARL SAWYER. 
47. m arried , two children; foreman, metal fabricat­ ing, 
KA EB; r e tir e d 

M a s te r 
S e r g a n t, 
A ir 
Force; Schertz resident 
14 y e a r s ; 
S e c r e ta r y , 
P la n n in g and Z oning 
Com m ission; vice-presi­ d e n t, 
B u ffa lo 
V alley 
Youth A ssn.; m e m b e r 
S c h e rtz -C ib o lo V alley 
Lions Club. Knights of 
C o lu m b u s ; in a c tiv e m em ber police reserve, 
Schertz; one of fram ers of city charter. 
I espouse honest, re ­ sponsive. economical, ef­ ficient government with co n se rv a tiv e fiscal po- 

For City C ouncil, S h avan o P a rk 

 lege. St. Mary s u n iv er­ sity; 21 years experience heating, air conditioning field; 12 y ears m ilitary service. 

My p rim a ry concerns for Shavano Park are to increase the involvement of all residents including women and the young in 

 the c ity ’s growth, in ac­ cord with the resident’s p h ilo s o p h y , to keep a b r e a s t of p lan n e d tax in c re a s e s ap p licab le to th e p a r k , to im p ro v e street conditions, and to s e r v e a s a liaiso n b e tw e e n c ity , c o u n ty , s t a te a n d n a tio n a l g o ­ v e rn m e n ts and the peo­ ple. 
’ 

For City C oun cil, S om erset 

 and growing community of Somerset. 
GLADYS JAMES has a 
B a c h e lo r of 
A rts 
Degree; is a high school 
E n g lis h t e a c h e r in So­ 

 m e r s e t (fo r 32 y e a r s ) ; has served on Som erset 
C ity C o u n c il for four' years, 
My p r i m a r y c o n ce rn for our city government 

 lines. I would like to improve the city’s rela­ tions with other groups throughout the city, up­ date existing park faci­ lities and insure m ax i­ mum usage of these fa­ cilities I want to insure that all residents have a readily available re p re ­ sentative on city council. 

PLACE 5 
EDGAR JOHNSON 
No response. 

TOM DE KUNDER. 
31, m a r r ie d , two 

MICHAEL SAUDER, 
28. is a graduate of Uni­ versity of Kansas. He is presently a travel agent and a m e m b e r of the 
American Society of T ra ­ vel Agents, Institute of 
Certified Travel Agents, and the Golden Mile Op­ timist Club. 
S h a v a n o P a r k lac k s 

 is that it continues as an h o n est an d re s p o n s iv e institution led by capable and informed citizens. To be c a r e f u l of th e t a x ­ payers money but alert to 

 children; BS, education; 
MS, education a d m in is­ tration; teacher, coach principal. 
My major concern is a continued progressive grow th of the city, a c o n tro lle d g ro w th . 
I think we have a good city government, a good city, and I'm in terested in both as a citizen of the city. I believe in strong law enforcement and providing all of the city services to all of the re­ sidents. 

 leadership and direction; city g o v e rn m e n t ta k e s months for improvement of streets, water system, fire dep artm en t, parks. 
B eing an e x p e rie n c e d bu sin essm an , I believe that I can bring this ad ­ ditional lead ersh ip and help the council in a po­ sitive direction tow ards 

 o p p o rtu n itie s for i m ­ provements. Specifically, tak in g a d v a n ta g e of a v a ila b le fu n d s for se w e rs, s t r e e t s , and p a rk s. 

 im p ro v in g 
Park 
S h a v a n o 

RICHARD POWELL 
No response. 

ED THOMAS 
No response. 

RUSSELL HOASTER 
No response. 

DOLLY JACKSON 
No response. 
MIKE MUSHALLA 
No response. 
PRESTON MILLER 
No response. 

For City C oun cil, T e rre ll H ills 

PLACE 3 
AMANDA ll. OCHSE is a graduate of Thomas 
Jefferson High; attended 
Mary Baldwin College; is presently a homemaker. 
She served on the Terrell 
Hills Council two term s from 1973 to 1977. She is p resen tly on the Alamo 
A rea Council, Scouts of 
A m e r ic a ; 
E x ec u tiv e 
B oard. San Antonio-Air 
F o rce Community Coun­ cil. 
I am interested in con­ tin u e d good city p la n ­ ning, essential to benefit 

 all c itiz e n s of T e rre ll 
Hills. This includes bud­ get planning so that citi­ zens receive best benefits for their taxes; eliminate u n n e c e s s a r y e x p en s es. p r o m o te e x c e lle n c e in 
Police, Fire departments for protection of all citi­ zens; a ssist citizens in problem s related to city. 

KOBERT ll. TRAVIS, 
59. m a r r i e d four c h il­ d r e n , fo u r g r a n d c h i l ­ dren. St. M ary’s Univer­ sity. U T. (BA); retired m a j o r g e n e r a l USA F; a g e n t. J o h n H ancock 

M utual 31 y ears. R esi­ d e n t T e r r e ll Hills 29 years. 
C o n tin u e d close s u r ­ veillance of property tax p r o g r a m su ffic ie n t to p ro v id e e x cellen t city services in police, fire a n d s a n ita tio n d e p a r t ­ m ents. Consideration of a plan to p ro \id e street lights at principal inter­ sections to improve traf­ fic safety and security. 
Im p ro v em en ts in d rain ­ age of properties. 
PLACE 4 
JOE C. CHAPMAN. 

56; Alamo Heights school system ; LUB. Southwes­ t e r n 
U n iv e r s ity , 
Los 
Angeles; veteran WWD, 
K orea, presently Army 
National Guard; occupa­ tion, oil and gas lease broker. 
Im provem ent of drain­ age and flooding prob­ lems. 
DAVID W . NEWMAN, 
♦22; G ra d u ate of San An­ tonio A c ad e m y , A lam o 
Heights High School; law s t u d e n t at 
SAC; co- owner-m anager of family business; U S. Air Force 

 veteran, last assignment: 
Battle staff, Air Defense 
C o m m a n d , 
H an co ck 
AFB 
Continued level of po­ lice and fire protection; careful and sensitive fis­ cal m a n a g e m e n t in r e ­ sponse to the public need; provision of public funds to s u p p o r t a d v a n c e d training for key city per­ sonnel in order to m ain­ tain h ig h s ta n d a r d s of proficiency. That oppor­ tunities be provided for participation in city go­ v e r n m e n t by y o u n g e r 

 people in order that ex ­ perience be gained to in­ telligently guide the af­ fairs of the community in the future 
BARBARA B. ALDEN. 
42; B.S. in E d u c a tio n 
S.M.U.; grad u ate hours in Business A d m in istra­ tion, UTSA; hom em aker and com m unity leader; 
Crisis Center, president; 
Big B r o th e r s /B ig S is ­ ters, secretary; Amigos de las 
A m e ric a s , tr e a s u r e r ; 
U N IC E F , treasurer; Voluntary Ac­ tion C en ter. S o u th w est 

F o u n d a tio n 
F o r u m , 
Planned Parenthood 
T a x p a y e r, b la th e r of children of three schools, striving for a safer and m o re fa m ily o rie n te d co m m u n ity . I offer my tim e and talents for my n e ig h b o rs . I n c re a s in g taxation, poor water run­ off, lack of p a rk f a c i­ lities, robberies concern m e. Good schools, s u p ­ p o rtiv e p olice, r e s p o n ­ sive city governm ent, 1^ s e e k to e n fo rc e and* s tre n g th e n . I ask your endorsement. 

For City C ouncil, U n ive rsa l City 

(THREE TO BE 

ELECTED) 

ANN M . STROTHER, 
51; A B. journalism; doc­ to r of ju r is p r u d e n c e ; practicing attorney, law instructor American Col­ le g e of 
R eal E sta te ; s e r v e d one th re e y e a r te rm board of directors 

Universal City C ham ber of C om m erce (one y ear v ice p r e s id e n t) ; t r e a s u r e r , B u sin e ss & 
P r o f e s s io n a l W o m e n ’s 
Club. 
T h a t U n iv e rsa l City c o n tin u e to prosper d e ­ s p ite b o u n d a ry l i m i t a ­ tions. T hat the City go­ vernm ent be responsive to dem ands for teen-age 

 r e c r e a tio n a l facilities. 
T h a t ta x p a y e r s of U ni­ v e rs a l City receive the g r e a te s t value possible for t h e ir tax d o lla rs. 
C LEA N 
U P 
PAT 
B O O K E R 
ROAD 
- 
MAKE OUR CITIZENS 
PROUD TO LIVE HERE. 

ROBERT E. PACE, 
54, is a retired Air Force 

 colonel; serv ed on Uni­ versal City Council, one year. 
To maintain our status as an independent home rule city, where citizens of the city will continue to have the prim ary voice in th e c o n d u ct of th eir public affairs. 
The second concern is to insure a well planned 

 and controlled growth so as to get the best use of the rem aining land area available to us. 

C L Y D E HALES, 
57; vocational college; g e n ­ eral c o n tra c to r; serv ed three years Fire and Po­ lice C o m m is s io n ; two years on city council; re­ s e rv e o ffic e r c o m m i s ­ 

 sion; 35 y e a r s in b u s i ­ ness; served three term s as p re s id e n t of A lam o 
City Horseless C arriage 
Club, c h a i r m a n , s ta te convention A ntique C ar 
Clubs. 
An orderly consistent growth of both the busi­ ness and residential sec­ tions within our city. The co rrectio n of past m is ­ 

 takes resulting in traffic c o n g e s tio n . S tro n g e n ­ couragement of local bu­ sinesses, fiscal responsi­ bility with no new taxes or tax increase. In g e n ­ eral I believe in what is right and fair to ev ery citizen. 

JOSEPH MARKS 
No response 

For City C ouncil, W in d crest 

MAYOR 

WILLIAM C. HAMIL­ 
TON, 
59, h as a law d eg ree from the Univer­ sity of Kentucky; is pre­ sently a p a rtn e r in law firm of Hamilton & Gor­ m an, W indcrest; retired 
U.S. Air Force; 23 years w ith A ir F o rc e Ju d g e 
A d v o c a te G e n era l D e­ p a r t m e n t ; faculty m em b er, U.S. Air Force 
Academy, department of law. 

Honesty and integrity in governm ent; progres­ sive and orderly develop­ ment of the community, along with maintenance 

 of high quality of living standards; maximum re ­ turn of services for each tax dollar 

DONALD ll. MERTEN 
Sr. 57; graduate of Kan­ sas State University; re ­ tired Air Force colonel; resident Windcrest seven years; director on Wind­ c r e s t 
G olf Club Inc. council; m e m b e r of Di­ sabled A m erican V eter­ ans. Air Force Assn , the 
R eserve Officers \ s s n ., 
San Antonio Golf Assn 

E lected officials must be willing to assume the responsibility and e x er­ cise their vested authori­ 

 ty to insure that the City of Wind rest continues to be a safe, clean, a ttra c ­ tive. and friendly city. A city in w hich all of its residents will In* proud to live. 

ROBERT O. WHIT­ 
M ORE, 
55. m a s te r s d e g ree Baylor U niversi­ ty; m a rrie d ; resided in 
Windcrest since 197o; employed bv ut Health 
Science Center. Deacon, 
T rinity B aptist Church; president. Optimist Club; 
M ason; m e m b e r Tcxuf 
Hospital Assn, 

Continue city m anage­ m ent on a sound fisea! 

 po licy. A n tic ip a te city n eed s and listen to the v o ice o f th e c itiz e n s. 
E x e c u te c ity b u s in e s s openly.with honesty and in teg rity . M aintain law and order for the safety and security of the com ­ m u n ity . S tim u la te p r i ­ vate and commercial de­ velopment. 

(TWO TO BE 

ELECTED) 

HARRY L. GANS, 55. tw o y e a r s pre-law St. 
J o h n ’s 
U n iv e rsity ; 
Collegeville. Minn. U.S. 
Army colonel retired. 34 y e a rs ’ service. Vice pre­ sident arid president, ci­ 

 vic a s s o c ia tio n s , 
1956-197o and 1967-197o 
A s s is ta n t to m a y o r of 
W in d c re s t p a s t two years. 

To m ain tain an effec­ tive, c o n s e rv a tiv e , and fisc a lly so u n d g o v e r n ­ m ent w hich will be r e ­ sponsive to the needs of the citizens of Windcrest at the m inim um tax rate 
Also, listen to the c it i ­ zens, k e e p th e m in ­ form ed, and try to a n ti­ c ip ate the needs of the city. 

JOHN 
MELEKY Jr., 
58, retired U.S. Air Force officer. Had over 18 years experience in planning/- 

 p ro g ra m m in g , p a r t i c i ­ pating in and conducting top m a n a g e m e n t level studies, supervisory po­ sitions at director level. 
BS business a d m in istra­ tion, U n iv e rsity of N e­ braska; currently p u rsu ­ ing 
MBA at 
UTSA; m em b e r W in d crest Vo­ lunteer Fire Department, 
Optimist Club. 
F o r y ears, W in d crest has been m a n a g e d by co nscientious, non-par- tisan officials. My c o n ­ cern, as was theirs, is to s u p p o rt p o lic ies p r o ­ gram s benefiting a m a ­ jority of city residents, orderly growth of W ind­ crest, new services when supportable by an accep­ 

 table tax structure, a vi­ gorous security program , and maintenance im ­ provem ent of good re la ­ tio n s h ip s w ith San A n­ tonio. 

JAMES S. NOVY, 
56, 
BA G eorge W ashington 
University, School of Go­ vernment - International 
Relations; retired colon­ el. 35 y ears Air F orce; deputy co m m an d er. Air 
Force Security Service; m arried, one daughter. 
Safety of persons and property; m aintenance of p ro p e rty valu es; s tric t budget control lo prevent u n n e c e s s a r y e x p en d I - tures. 

N U It-V 
Son Antonio EXPtESSW W S-Swdcy, Hard) V, W I 

Location of municipalities 

★ 

CHER: ‘I STILL 
LOVE SONNY’ 

PAGE 9 
SURFER FIGHTS SHARK 
TO SAVE GIRL—PAGE 12 

S P ■ 

SAYINGS 
OF THE 
WEEK... 

• 
MARLENE 
SANDERS, vice-president of ABC News: 
“I believe that Barbara Wal­ ters feels that no matter what she does, everybody’s against her. Her salary is an obstacle she will never overcome 
How do you perform worth a million dollars?” 
• BOB ORBEN, former gag writer for President Ford: 
“Charlie’s Angels is my fa­ vorite TV show — or as I sometimes call them, The 
Magnificent Six.” 
• ANDREW YOUNG, U S ambassador to the United 
Nations: “ Nothing is illegal if 
IOO businessmen decide to do it, and that’s true anywhere in the world.” 
• REV. MRS. JACQUE­ 
LINE MEANS, first Episco­ pal woman priest: 
“The 
Church has become ingro*/n, parochial, and comfortable. 
We’re too concerned about bricks and mortar. 
Who cares if the parish house has drapes and silver if kids need fooa and clothing.” 
• 
STEFANIE POWERS, the 34-year-old actress talk­ ing about her two-year rom­ ance with 58-year-old William 
Holden: “Part of it is platon­ ic. Part of it is romantic. And part of it is instructive.” 
• DIXIE LEE RAY, woman governor of 
Washington 
State: 
“A nuclear power plant is infinitely safer than eating. Three hundred people a year choke to death on food.” 
• 
SYLVESTER 
STAL­ 
LONE, star of the movie 
Rocky: “I’m not flattered by people comparing me to 
Wando. I dislike everything he stands for on screen ana off. I’d be much more flat­ tered to be compared to Pe­ ter O’Toole." 

 k C Awerrcaa• 
"Bargain 
‘WANT ADS! 

LILLY MULLER (right) spent 14 months a Nazi concentration camp. Diane Von Fi stenberg grew up in Belgian slum s.___ 
Diane, 3o, is the wonder woman of fashion. 
Her mother, Lilly, 51, lives comfortably in 
Switzerland. 
At lunch together in New York, Lilly re called: “When Diane was ll years ok! sin said: ‘From now on I will always get what want.’ 
“ And pretty much, she has." 

YOU would think Robyn Smith, first woman to win a major stakes race, would have a kind word for sister jockeys. No. 
“There’s something lacking in women jock­ eys,” said Robyn, 32. “ It’s both mental and physical. Generally, women who are best at riding are heavy broads who could never make the weight. You don’t find many women like me.” Five-foot-seven Robyn weighs 115 pounds. 

DRAMA teacher Lee Strasberg, the genius behind such stars as Marlon Brando, Paul 
Newman and Marilyn Monroe, may have a new superstar on his hands. 
She’s top black model Beverly Johnson and she already is lined up for a five-picture con­ tract with Paramount — when she learns the acting ropes from Strasberg, her 75-year-old mentor. 

AFTER a 
M*A*S*H’s season 
Major of suspense. 
“ Hot Ups” 
Houlihan finally married her West 
Point dream boy. Now Loretta 
Swit faces the same decision in real lite before she begins taping next season’s shows. 
The man in her life is Los An­ geles stockbroker Dick Farwell, a childhood sweetheart “ Dick adds to me as a person I’m richer be­ cause of him." Lorena said. 

Back after 1o years, 
Red still wows ’em 
TEN years ago comedian elown Red Skelton 
(flit the big time to enjoy life. Now Red is back; you can tell by the laughter. First-night patrons at New York’s Carnegie Hall gave 
Red five standing ovations. 
Was Red, 63. back for love or money ' 
"Money s the last thing I think of,” he blinked. ‘ Before going to sleep each night.” 
To ease his way to si umber land, Red is sell­ ing re-runs of his TV show for $5 million. 

Fords cashing in on 
Presidential fame 
Fords are reaping the financial harvest of presidential defeat Jerry and Betty have been signed to a SI million writing contract by Read ct s Digest and Harper and Row. 
Said Jerry: “1 11 still be doing a lot of the cooking and there’ll be golf, but I think the two of us will be doing more writing now.” 
The Fords have another million-dollar contract, with NBC-TV News. Son Steve (left rear) will be on TV, too, in an NBG rodeo series. Son Jack teenier) is assistant to the publisher of Rolling 
Stone Magazine. Add it up The Fords aren’t working for peanuts any longer. 

Hot Lips is hitched, will Loretta follow? 

Tatum dates Mike, bubbles over Burt 

MOTHERS of young girls were shocked when preco­ cious Tatum O’Neal, 14, stepped out on the town with Michael Jackson of The Jacksons kiddie-rock singing group. Mike is more than four years older than Tatum 
The couple joined Tatum 's daddy, 
Ryan O’Neal, and his present date, Michelle Phillips, for some dancing. Was this any example for the junior high school seto Said mom Joanna Moore: “ The kids are only friends, and as T a­ tum’s mother. I resent the implication that there is any more to it than that." 
Tatum, it seem s, has always liked older men. Her favorite older playmate is the king of moustache macho. Burt Reynolds. “ Burt’s such a ladies’ man. any woman would enjoy him,” said Tatum. “ Burt is just lots of fun and laughs to be around." 

Bardot beauty will be preserved in bronze 
WAYS TO 
GET THERE 
ON TIME 

HABITUAL lateness is an emotional problem that can disrupt a person's life, says a top psychiatrist. 
“ Someone who is habitually late doesn’t want to face the harsh realities of life.” according to Dr. Jack Chemus, Acting Chiel of 
Psychiatry at 
Gouverneur 
Hosptial, N Y. 
“ Many people who are 'late' use their lateness’ to build up their weak egos. Keeping people waiting m akes them feel more important It gives them a sense of superiority 
“ The late person is not behav­ ing fairly towards other people. and is on a selfdestructive course.” Dr Chemus said there are IO easy ways to overcome lateness. 

IO SIMPLE 

1. Get yourself a ‘chim es’ clock that rings every 15 minutes. You won’t be listening to the chimes all the time, but you’ll hear the sound in the background 
Let them remind you of your next appointment. 
2. Keep a box or a piggy bank and fine yourself every time you are late Each time you are late, put a certain sum of money in it. 
3. Fine yourself for each excuse you give for being late, like blam­ ing late buses, faulty alarm clock, bad weather, slow traffic. 
4. Write down all the money you've lost by being late It will be a real eye-opener 
5. Write down the money you could’ve made if you’d been able to be on time 
6. Keep a diary of who you keep waiting and write down how you feel about the person. 
7. Keep an ample supply of timetables for trains, buses, and planes Check on your transporta­ tion to the airport Post the sched­ ules rn a prominent place. 
8. Get over the hangup of want­ ing sympathy because you are late and m iss the bus. train, plane or ship 

9 . Enlist the aid of someone in your family to help remind you to be on time Make sure that this person is serious in helping you. as a habitual teaser will be no help at all. 
1o. Give up having to make a 
‘grand entrance ’ People arrive late to make a ‘grand entrance’ because they need to feel terribly important 

BRIGITTE BARDOT — past and present. BB. 
42, posed for this revealing photograph inside a wooden cutout, one of the tools French sculptor, Mirko. is using to make a bronze bust of Brigitte 
Mirko’s sculpture hopes to capture BB’s sex kitten image that titillated the world for 2o years. “ She is still beautiful,’ he said. 

“ His sculpture is so full, so full of strength,” said Brigitte. 

Dick and Suzy story: Nothing new to report 

Tall, handsome youth 
Audrey’s No. 1 escort 

WHO is Audrey Hepburn's handsome escort in Gstaad, Switzerland .while her psychiatrist- husband, Dr. Andrea Doll. lives in Rome. Ita­ ly? He’s Audrey’s son, Sean, who at 16 is al­ ready a strapping six feet, three inches tall. 
Son of Audrey’s first husband. Mel Ferrer. 
Sean shuns his parents’ trade “ He’s interest­ ed in writing and medicine,” said Audrey. “ I don’t think he’ll go into acting." Audrey, 48. also has a daughter, Luca Doh, age 7. * 

RICHARD BURTON'S report on his marriage to Suzy Hunt: “ It is the loveliest marriage anyone cixiid hope for. Suzan is well-bred and beautiful. She is the one who says no because 
I am incapable jf saying it.” 
Said Suzy: “ We’re the happiest couple on earth. Everything is going well for us." ave been telling report- 

» 
• % . 
■ ers for months, so why do they almost never smile together in public? 
This photograph was made in Rome, before 
Richard left for London to make a disaster movie. Burton plays King Lear on Broadway later this year. Suzy. the one who usually smiles, has quit her modeling career to be with her grim faced hubby. 

Wife pays for car with snowballs 
MOTHER of-three 
Martha 
P a­ quette has bought an automobile with $61 cash — and 1.834 snow­ balls 
Martha, of South Hadley. Mass , took advantage of a local auto dealer’s winter promotion. It had offered a $1 discount for each snowball brought into its show­ room. 
It took her and her husband four hours to make the snowballs. 
Then they drove to the dealers and claimed a 1969 two-door Pon­ tiac Catalina priced at $1,895 

TV’s happy-go-lucky Potsie says: All I really want is to marry and settle down 

HOW TO MAKE MONEY BY 
SITTING STILL 

A laughing Farrah displays a shapely forehand: It wasn't exactly a textbook shot, but her fans didn't seem to mind. 

AS A mixed double, the Bionic 
Boy and Charlie’s most famous 
Angel were clearly a winning combination. 
And even if they didn t walk away with any trophies, Farrah 
Fawcett Majors and 18-year-old 
Vincent 
Van 
Patten made a smash hit with their fans. 

Farrah and Vincent teamed up for the recent tennis tournament run by fellow actor James Fran- ciscus at Palm Desert, Calif. 

As TV’s prettiest private eye, 
Farrah is more used to swatting crooks then tennis balls, but she still cut a dashing figure on the court. 
She and Vincent may have been exit gunned by other celebrities in the tennis department, but when it came to glamour, Farrah was a definite winner—game, set and match. 

A quiet word in the ear of Vincent Van Pat­ ten: Talking strategy, perhaps? 

 r n ' r n 

YOU can earn extra cash by just sitting still—as an art school mod­ el. 
You don’t need an extraordi­ nary body to model for an art class; you just have to look like an average human being. But you really do have to be able to hold still while the class is sketching. 
Usually you will be asked to as­ sume a particular pose, but some­ times you can choose your own. 
Most of the poses are not diffi­ cult; you might be asked to sim­ ply sit with your ankles crossed or lie down on your side. But you will have to remain in that posi­ tion until the class is finished sketching you. 
This may be anywhere from IS minutes to a half hour or more. 
Of course, you are given breaks during the sketching period, but when necessary you should be able to assume the same pose that you were in before the break. 
If nudity bothers you, this is probably not your kind of job. But remember that this type of mod­ 

 eling is all very straightforward and professional; the chatter at break-time will have a lot more to do with cross-hatching than with your strange thighs 
It is usually not difficult to find such modeling work. Art schools are always looking for for models. 
To find work, check with col­ leges and universities in your area to see if they have art de­ partments that give figure-draw­ ing classes. 
You can also check adult educa­ tion classes, regular art schools and even art galleries that give art courses. 
You will usually work for one-or two-hour stints. The pay varies with the school but usually ranges from $2 5o to )5 an hour. 

 lf?* by Kathy Matthews from Oft Vow Chm—** Al tertial tv** To A IMo-S Job by Kathy Matthews l*ublt»hed in handover by Random Huuu Also a va, table in Vin lagr paperback Reprinted by permission al the publish 

NEXT WEEK IN THE STAR 
ANOTHER 
CHARLIE’S 
GREAT 
ANGELS 

Match over, Farrah and Vincent relax: They didn’t win any trophies, bul Farrah walked away with all the glamour awards. 
SPECIAL FOR YOU 

Farrah and the Bionic 
Boy are a smash hit 

 i 

ANSON WILLIAMS, the happy-go-lucky 
Potsie of the TV hit Happy Days, this week revealed that in real life he’s the opposite of his TV image—and he yearns to settle down and get married. 
"My fun-loving bachelor image as a teen idol is not where I’m at,” he told THE STAR as he relaxed in the living room of his new 
$15o,ooo home in the hills 2o miles from 
Hollywood. 
•'I ve never been a show business person. 
None of my close friends are in the business and I ve always been pretty conservative at heart. 

"I’m not saying necessarily marriage tomorrow, but 
I’ve thought about it. Being famous, having girls tear my clothes off and having to act like I enjoy it has always been just a necessary evil of my profession.” 

The girl in Anson’s life now is lovely singer Lorrie Mahaffey, who has come out from Georgia to stay with him. 

He said: "A lot of people knock marriage and family lite as old­ fashioned But as far as I’m con­ cerned, ifs the next thing to do. 

” 1 think people are tired of free love and independence. They've 

 done it all They want to get back to the more traditional things now.” Anson’s house, which sits atop a hill in the quiet suburb of 
La Canada, outside Hollywood, combines all the elements he's looking for. 

“ It s got a pool, a stereo sound system, a garden where I enjoy puttering and neighbors who ar­ en’t impressed with my fame," he said. “It’s a place where I can get away and relax. 
"Deer even come down from the hills and into my yard bv the pool. The place is a real refuge. 
“Moving in was a drag though. 

My phone was put in a week late and none of the furniture came on time. I wound up sleeping on the floor for three days. But after liv­ ing in apartments for five years I can't complain.” 
Anson is convinced his future is in singing rather than acting, and recently ne signed a contract with 
Chelsea Records His five year contract for Happy Days is over next year. 
“ I never liked acting and the show has become just a job to me,” he said. "Nine to five. I do my work and go home. I don’t even bother watching it anymore. 
It s just 3o minutes of fluff.” 

"I avoid the big Hollywood parties and all the phonies and none of my girlfriends are in­ to the starlet scene. If there’s one thing I’m looking for right now, ifs commitment. 
Anson with girlfriend Lorrie Mahaffey: "lf there’s one thing I’m looking for, it’s commitment,” he says. 

SIXTEEN experts on living better for less have com piled a list of IOO ways to save money which every Am erican hom em aker can use as a guide to fam ily spending. 
The experts, all home economists from the 
College of Home Economics at the University of Kentucky, examined every area of family living to find ways to keep costs down. 
In general. Dr Marjorie S. Stewart, dean of the college, and her faculty assistants, recom­ mend that five steps be taken to establish the family’s saving goals: 
• Keep a record of expenditures for a month. Separate food from nonfood items bought at the supermarket. 
• Learn to master accounting procedures. 
Make sure all members of the family know the system. This will not only be helpful if someone else has to take over the record keeping, but will also encourage other family members to be more businesslike. 
Know the income tax deduc­ tions that are allowed and keep accurate records and receipts. 
• Plan family savings. 
The most effective method is deduc­ tion from the paycheck before getting it The next most effective method is depositing a predeter­ mined amount in savings when the paycheck is cashed 
• Avoid situations that lead to impulse buying or spending sprees. Make lists. Buy only what has been planned and needed. 
• Agree as a family to reflect for x-amount of time before mak­ ing major purchases costing x- amount of dollars. It is amazing how many things we can live per­ fectly well without. 
After you have a record of how the money is spent, Dr. Stewart suggests comparing it with the record of how other Americans spend their money. 
The accompanying chart adapt­ ed from U.S. Bureau of Labor Sta­ tistics for autumn. 1974, shows how four-person urban Ameri­ can families actually spent their money, depending upon income 
The lower a family’s income, 

IOO WAYS TO 
SAVE MONEY 

- by sixteen experts 

Family Costs 
Low 
Budget 
% 
Intermediate 
Budget 
% 
High 
Budget 
% 

Total Budget 
$9,198 
$14,333 
$2o,777 
Total Family Consumption 
7,318 
1o.88o 
14,976 
Food 
2,763 
3o o4 
3,548 
24 75 
4,453 
21 43 
Housing 
1,758 
19 ll 
3.236 
22 58 
4.9oo 
23 58 
Transportation 
643 
699 
1,171 
8 17 
1,521 
7.32 
Clothing 
759 
825 
1.o85 
7 57 
1,589 
7 65 
Personal Care 
231 
251 
31o 
2 16 
439 
2 ll 
Medical Care 
738 
8.o2 
742 
5.18 
774 
3 73 
Other Family Consumption 
423 
4 6o 
786 
5 48 
1,297 
6 24 

Other Items 
415 
4 51 
662 
4 62 
1.113 
5 36 
Social Security and 
Disability 
553 
6o1 
78o 
5 44 
787 
3.79 
Personal Income Taxes 
91o 
989 
2.o1o 
14 o2 
3,899 
18 77 

How four-person urban American families spent their income in autumn 1974. Figures from U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 

 the higher the proportion of it that must be spent on the essentials of food and housing, the home econo mists explain'd. 
Households headed by women with low incomes are particularly vulnerable to financial problems, they point out, and charges for maintenance and services are usually higher. 

Most families spend almost half their income on food and housing, including utilities, the government 

 figures show. “ Fuel price increas­ es will continue to Consume more of the income spent for both hous­ ing and transportation,’’ the home economists note. 
‘ Therefore, most of us could profit by concentrating on cost cutting in those areas — food, liousing and transportation." 

Here are the home economists' 
IOO suggestions of ways to save money, as first reported in the 
Journal Of Home Economics: 
Columbo, in love, steps out in style 

IIERE’s Detective Columbo as you seldom see him, minus his scruffy raincoat and all spiffed up. Peter Falk, star of the TV se'ries, was head­ 

 ing for a night out in lx>s Angeles with his new love, stunning Shera Danese, 26. The actress met 
Falk, 49, in his agent’s office. They say U’s love. 

FOOD & NUTRITION 
I. Plan one meatless day a week. Most people in this country would still get enough animal pro­ tein. 
2 Prepare oven meals often 
3. Extend meat with cereals and pasta products. 
4 Use instant milk for drinking and cooking when you can. 
5 Serve plates at the counter 
Do not have seconds. 
6 Waste less. The residents of just I state in the 5o—Kentucky- empty $3,881,79o worth of food in­ to garbage cans each year. Too much food goes down disposals, is fed to pets, or is wasted in restau­ rants or school lunchrooms. 
7. Grow fruits and vegetables and preserve them for future use. 
8 Prepare convenience foods at 
Don’t shop for food when you’re hungry 

 home. Add your own seasoning to foods and save. 
9 Plan your time as well as your money. When people are busy, they use convenience foods, but they pay for that convenience. 
Avoid impulse buying. 
IO. Plan the meals before shop­ ping Never shop for food when you are hungry. 
II. Keep your family healthy. 
Medical bills are expensive 
12. Compare the unit price of a food item in pounds, grams, ounces, dozens, or packages. 
13. 
Establish monthly food needs Buy food for 2 weeks at a time to decrease driving and save valuable time for other activities 
Joining a food cooperative would also be beneficial. 

14. Prepare large quantities of favorite standard food (spaghetti sauce, chili, stews, pastry) Label and freeze for later use It is pos­ sible to save money on foods like ground beef if it is bought in quantity for this kind of cooking 
15. Cultivate a taste for less ex­ pensive foods and beverages 
16 Entertain with * pot luck ' 

 and inexpensive buffets (lasagna and salad, for example). 
17. Either eliminate prepared snack foods or make your own; for example, make your own pop­ corn and have iced tea instead of cola. 
18 Refuse to buy empty-calorie foods; such foods cost money but are worth nothing. 
CLOTHING 
19. Only buy clothing of classic design 
2o. Look at the quality of fabric and the construction techniques. 
21. Use up sewing scraps and remnants lf you make gifts from them, be creative but in good taste 
22. Remember that clothing in pastel colors requires more dry cleaning and laundering, which adds to the cost. 
23 
Buy clothing with simple trim It stays in style more than clothing with elaborate trim. 
Trim should be of good quality 
Accessories give new life to clothing 

 and should require the same care as the rest of the garment 
24 Plan the wardrobe of your­ self and your family. Evaluate your present wardrobe, determine your needs, decide on a clothing budget, and stay within that fig­ ure 
25 Buy coordinated clothing so that you can mix and match. Buy all-season fabrics and styles 
26 Know how to spot a bargain 
Check all bargains carefully for construction techniques, care in­ structions, fiber content, and oth­ er label information 
27 
Read and follow care in­ structions to extend the life of the garment. 
28 Check factory outlets, and do hot assume that there is some­ thing wrong with all items sold there. It could be surplus mer­ chandise, samples, or discontin­ ued lines. 
29. Remember that accessories can add a new touch to a dated wardrobe for a minimal cost. 
3o. Try out one of a cosmetic manufacturer’s line before you try other products from that line. 
Remember that a more expensive cosmetic is not necessarily of bet­ ter quality. 
31. 
Exchange clothing with friends and neighbors when it has been outgrown but not outworn. 
32 
Contribute clothing to a 
“nearly new’’ shop sponsored by a charitable organization. Your receipt is tax deductible if you itemize 
33. 
Distress blue jeans and items for which you want the “old look’’ at home. 
34 Develop your sewing skills but control your fabric purchases 
Do not buy fabric and notions that you may not use 
35 Spot clean clothing Save on cleaning by careful wear Wait for bargains at the cleaner. 
36 Before you buy any clothing, consider the care cost. If it is wash and wear, it will be less ex­ pensive than if it must go to the cleaner, 

THE HOME 
37 Entertain the family with re­ creation and games at home 
Save money and increase family togetherness 
38 Create a loving atmosphere in the home with pleasant sur- 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 7 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

• WE asked what lessons have you had to teach your husband or wife. Here is a selection of your letters: 
I ENDURED being a •boxtop’ husband for many years. My wife entered every contest imaginable. 
Our cabinets were stocked with items we never got around to us­ ing because she needed the labels. 
At one time, trying for a big prize, we wound up with nearly a year’s supply of tuna fish. We hate tuna fish now. She bought dog food, cat food, bird food. We never owned a dog, cat or bird. 
Finally, fate helped me put a stop to her contesting. She won a space helmet, of all things. It wasn't her size but she got it on somehow—then we literally had to have it pried off."—Fill Horn- stein. Far Rockaway, N.Y. 

I WAS a spoiled girl of 18 when 
Adolph and I got married. When­ ever we had a spat, I would take my pillow and blanket and sleep in the davenport. After about an hour, my adoring husband would come in and pick me up in his arms and carry me back to bed. 
One night after a spat, I took my pillow and went to sleep on the davenport, and to my sur­ prise, the next morning I was still there. That was when I knew the honeymoon was over and I start­ ed to grow up —Grace L. Ander­ son, Portland, Ore. 

MY husband and I taught each other how to be ‘rich.’ One eve­ ning he was shining his shoes and 

A nutty prize finally cured a wife’s contest craze 
C C FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 
WF pa> $5 for each letter printed 
Address your letters lo whichever section you are writing to: Things 
Kids Say. Please Pray For, or simply . Liveliest letters, followed by The San .Antonio Srar, P.O. Box 
2171 San Antonio, Texas 78297. 
I here is no payment or fee for prayer requests.________________ 

 he said. "If we were rich I’d nev­ er shine my siioes or pick up my clothes ” 
I said: "lf we were rich, I’d never get up in the morning until breakfast was ready.” 
F rom that day on, 4o years ago, we have both felt ‘rich,’ doing those things for the other —Ann 
Dickinson, Warner Robins, Ga. 
MY bride did not know how to cook and learned by practicing new recipes on me every night. 
Although she cooked everything 

 perfectly according to the Joy Of 
Cooking, I never complimented her. 
One evening she was very upset because nothing came out the way she wanted—the roast beef was tough, overdone and dry, the gravy lumpy, the potatoes hard and the peas mushy. I asked for second helpings and said: "Now that was a meal just like mother made.” 
Instead of crying, she laughed because I had taught her that it was the home style cooking I grew up with that I liked, not the gourmet she was trying to be all the tim e—Howard 
Lipschutz, 
Phi la., Pa. 

MY hubby complained about how high our grocery bill was and de­ cided to go along with me to the market to make sure I only bought what was needed. 
He had me a nervous wreck picking things off the shelves— pickles he liked, also olives, spe­ cial crackers, etc. By the time we left the store we’d paid $25 more 
My grandson knew about life after death 

MY inquisitive five-year-old grandson was sitting with his eight-year-old brother and their mother on the couch. Suddenly he asked his mother what reincarna­ tion was. She said she didn’t know. 
The eight-year-old sat deep in thought, then said: "Bobbie. I think I know what reincarnation is. It s God's way of recycling people.” —Blanche Johnston, An­ aheim, Calif. 
Corn-eater 

 k; 

WHEN my Uncle Paul was 2‘* ears old, my grandma gave him s first ear of com on the cob. 
After eating all the kernels off the cob, he handed the cob to grand­ ma and asked "More peas on my stick?” - Mary Hamby I age 9i, 
Cusseta, Ala. 
Tired tongue 

MY two-year-old daughter was staying with her grandma While grandma was doing the dishes, she was talking a blue streak Fi­ nally, grandma said: "Virginia, doesn’t your tongue ever get tired?” 
Sitting on a chair with her el­ bows on her knees and her chin 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 resting in her hands, she replied: 
"No, Grandma, I’ve used it lots this summer and it ain’t tired yet.” —Fella Lorius, Bl vt he da Ie, 
Mo. 
Girl's proof 

I WAS taken aback when my daughter told me about an adven ture in the playground She said: 
"A boy asked me if I was a boy or a girl and I told him I was a girl, and he asked me to prove it and I did.” 
‘ How did y o u prove it?" I cau­ tiously asked. 
•Why, I showed him my Girl 
Scout card,” she answered. — 
Mrs. B. Dirkman, Green Bay, 
Wise. Spelling quiz 

MY granddaughter asked me how to spell "vember.” I told her I didn’t think there was such a 

 word and asked her why she wanted to spell it. ave said: "I want to spell No­ vember and I know how to spell 
No but I don’t know how to spell vember.” —Margaret R. Rucci, 
Hartford, Conn. 
Heartache 

MY six-year-old felt her wrist and discovered her pulse. She told me: "Aunt Patricia, my heart’s stuck in my wrist.” —Patricia 
Fusco, Dania, Eta. 
Sparkling arm 

FOUR-year-old Erie had been asleep in his crib next to my bed and woke up whimpering and holding his arm which had appar­ ently fallen asleep. When I asked him what was the matter, he said: "My arm is s p a r k l i n g — 
Mrs. P.M. Pederson, Minneapolis, 
Minn. 
Naughty word 

MY neighbor daughter For usir 
Please pray fo r... 

MYSELF'—tluit God will give me the strength to overcome my habitual drinking and cure me oi alcoholism. — Anonymous 
MY MOTHER—wlio has terrible arthritis, that God will help her over­ come her pain. — Usa Massie, Owensboro, Ky. 
MY SISTER, Angelique—that that she gets to college and is successful in whatever career she chooses — lisbon McKiiuie, Tex. 
MY DAUGHTF'R—that she will find God again. — Her brokenhearted father, Somewhere in North Carolina. 
MY AUNT — who had cancer surgery, that she is healthy again. — 
Angelina Lufburrow, Tex, 
MYSF'LF'—for health and strength again and renewal of of a relation­ ship with a friend, and may God bless each one who writes to you I pray for them when I see their names and also those whose names are not listed. — Viola Tickuor, Sandoval III. 

 than I usually spend for his snacks After he saw the bill with him accompanying me, he decid­ ed it was best to let me shop alone.—Martha Channel, Osage 
City, Kans. 

I CURED my finance's wandering eye with a little reverse psycholo­ gy 
My boyfriend always used to look at other women—it’s not so bad when I’m not there—but he used to do it in front of me, which would bum me up. 
So, the next time we went out together, everytime he’d talk to me intimately, I’d listen, but my eyes were always on a passing fellow. My fiance hasn’t looked at another woman since.—Carole 
Prawna. Somerset, N.J. 

Super Sanford 

ITS taken me years to get into the mood of TV’s Sanford And 
Son. At first, I thought the scripts were poor, and the show unfunny. 
Recently though, I have become addicted. Redd Foxx’s one-liners are great and so s his delivery. 
I’m beginning to think he could replace Jack Benny as greatest comedian.—R.Lee, Teaneck, N.J. 

 corrected her ting bad language. 
Shortly afterwards, our children were playing house and the little girl told my three-year-old son: 
"Now I'm your mother. ITI spank your bad word and make you cry.” —William Bradley, Colum­ b a. 111. 
Kneeling toes 

WF. took our five-year-old to get a new pair of shoes. When she was trying on a pair of leather ones, I asked 
"How do they feel?” 
"Oh, just fine,” she replied, except that my toes are kneel­ ing.” —G.G. Crabtree, Lansing, 
M d 

She marks by getting 
8oth birthday high as a kite 

BERNICE Staple ton’s 8oth birth day present was a ride in a hot air balloon with Don ald Piccard, first man to pilot a bal­ loon across the 
English Channel lie s in the hel­ met, helping the 
Pasadena, Calif , woman into the balloon s gondola assist d 
By her son Bob. 
She floated I,5ou feet above 
Los 
Angeles and liked the ride so much shes scheduled snottier for her 
85»h birthday. 

Experts’ special money-saving tips 
Elliott Gould says: My acting days are over 

Elliott Gould: “ I’ve never really considered myself an actor." 

TOP film star Elliott Gould says his acting days are over. 
‘ T d like to get out of the acting business.” said the star of 19 mov­ ies and a score of TV' shows. ‘‘I don’t care for Hie way it is run to­ day. 
The producers are too greedy and are just motivated by money.” 
Gould, whose current — and maybe last — film is Capricorn 
One. says his heart is really rn di­ recting. He never so much as di­ rected a high school play, but this summer he’ll get his first chance behind the camera in the Robert 
Altman movie. A New Life. 
‘Altman trusts me,” says 
Gould. ‘ That's why he picked me. 
‘‘Directing appeals to me,” he added. “ I’ve never really consid­ ered myself an actor. When some­ one asks me what kind of work I do. I always tell them ‘living' 
That’s my profession — living.” 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 5 

 roundings, good music, and home- cooked food. 
39. Enjoy the environment. Do not depend on purchased plea­ sures; your children will then learn from you. 
4o. Instead of expensive enter­ tainment, take a drive or tour a community where no one in the family has been before. 
41. Instead of buying gifts from a store, start plants in pots. Find a decorative pot in a Goodwill or a “nearly new” shop. 
42. Make your own jams and jellies as gifts; put them in deco­ rative jars from the 5 and IO. 
43. Buy furniture at auctions, garage sales, or second-hand shops. Adapt with new paint. 
44. The greatest economy in redecorating can be made in care­ ful and thorough planning 
45. Learn to make your own draperies, curtains, spreads, slip­ covers. and tablecloths. 
46. Learn how to clean, repair, or restore everything in your home. 
47. Learn how to dry flowers from your garden for decoration. 
48. If you have a household skill that you do well and your neigh­ bor does not, and if there is some­ thing that your neighbor does well and you do not, trade those house­ hold jobs for your mutual benefit. 
49. Take advantage of learning opportunities at school, work­ shops, fairs, the library, home shows, adult education classes, or 
Extension clubs. 
5o. Strive for simpler and fewer possessions. Do not have endless things to maintain, clean, restore. or repair. 
51. Entertain at home simply. It 

 can be more enjoyable, less ex­ pensive, and be less wear and tear for guests as well as hosts. 
52. When you can, buy mainte­ nance-free items. 
53. When you need more space, consider remodeling rather tnan a new home. 

ENERGY 

54. Walk more and drive less 
Save gas and improve your health. 
55. Do not eat rich foods, soft drinks, and snacks. 
56. Stop smoking. 
57. Turn off the air conditioning 
Do-it-yourself is the best rule for repairs 

 and open the windows in mild weather. 
58 
Do a better job of car maintenance and keep your car another year. 
59. Move to a smaller house if the one you have is larger than you need. 
6o Check the insulation in your house. If it is not adequate, make it so. 
61 Stop watering the lawn. Save on water bills and on mowing. 
62 Maintain and service your own appliances. Take care of them. Repair bills are costly. 
63. As soon as you need a home repair, take care of it. It will be money saved on the “stitch in time” principle. Small home re­ pairs left undone often lead to big repairs. 
64 To save fuel, close and turn off the heat in rooms not in use. 
65. Do your own minor car serv­ icing: change the oil, air filters, and oil filters yourself. 
66 
Use self-service gasoline pumps Anymore can do it! 
67. Carpool to work and on per­ sonal trips. 
68 Ask yourself this question: 
“ Is tills trip really necessary’*” 
69. Make lists. Make endless lists of to do” and to buy” ; the cost of forgetfulness is money. 
7o. Consider installing attic or roof fans. 
71. Do not turn up the thermo­ stat if you are cold in winter Put on a sweater instead If you are too hot in the summer, do not turn up the air conditioner. Wear cool­ er clothing 
CHILDREN 
72 
Buy or make children s clothing with built-in features for growth 
73. Dress children in clothing that is both functional and com­ fortable. 
74. Stock your children s library with good paperback book;- 

75. Save household items that make good creative toys for chil­ dren — egg cartons, meat trays, margarine tubs, pots no longer us­ able for cooking. 
76. See that children eat a nutri­ tious lunch. 
77. Pool your babysitting or child sitting with friends. 

78. Interest and involve your children in ecology by rewarding them for conserving their re­ sources — family neat, water, light, gasoline. 
79 
Interest and involve your children in budgeting their mon­ 

 ey. Give them allowances and let them learn to save. 
8o. Teach the children to give proper care to their clothing, toys, furniture, and equipment so that the need is minimized for re­ placements, repairs, or mainte­ nance. 
81. Insist that the children do some sort of work as soon as it is appropriate. They should earn some of their spending money and learn the value of money. 
82. Buy the children their gifts or supplies when prices are lower, such as after Christmas or East­ er. 
83 Create children's entertain­ ment that is inexpensive but also provides for their personal devel­ opment. 
PERSONAL 
84 Women can trade off perma­ nent wave sessions with a friend. 
85. Women should get good hair­ cuts in between permanents. 
86 Women should have a hair style that is easy to care for at home. 
87. There are many personal skills that can be traded off with friends or business colleagues 
Your knitting and crocheting can be exchanged for a friend’s sew­ ing. and involve no exchange of money and no taxes. 
88 Watch your weight. It is costly to put on and costlier to take off. 
89 Sports and hobbies thai are very expensive can be put aside for a more affluent day. 
9o 
Buy only that household equipment that the whole family can operate and care for. 

91. Make brown bag lunches whenever you can. 
92. Take advantage of free re­ sources: films at the public li­ brary. concerts, hikes. 
93. 
Practice self-sufficiency whenever you can. Teach your children to be independent. 
94. Rediscover the value of the simple things in life: waxed pa- r. petroleum jelly, baby oil, king soda, basic water softe­ ners, ammonia. 
95. Write more letters and make long-distance calls less. 
96 Keep a running record of all long-distance calls, the date, and the number called. 
97 Women who can cut men’s hair professionally can save their families a great deal of money. 
Many women who are not other­ wise deft with their hands have learned to do this. Try it. It is a lot easier than you think. 
98 Even if a professional hair­ cut at home for the men in the family is beyond the present skill of the cutter, they can be given a home trim between professional cuts. If the back of Hie neck is shaved and the hair trimmed neatly around the ears, they can go several weeks before a visit to the barber is necessary. 
99 Wash and wax your own car. 
1oo Read magazines at the pub­ lic library or trade with friends. 
Cancel subscriptions to magazines that you can get in this way. 
• HW Ways to Save Money, re­ printed from Journal Of Home 
Economics, January, 1977, page numbers 9-12. Copyright 
©. by the American Home Economics 
Association, Washington, DC. 

Pete’s 
B its & P ie ce s 

Happy H ours 5 OO lo 8 OO 
— -------------------------- -- i — 
— i 
— 
APRIL IST 
' ('M 
SOUTHERN MAGIC 
I Cl 

' f *- t 
APRIL 2ND 
(Jerry Jeff W alker’s) 
J / f 
♦THE LOST GoNZo BAND 
MARCH 27TH 
DOG TOOTH VIOLET 

• N o C o v e r C h a rg e e xce pt for 
Special Attractions. 
9 V 

 x . ' lP 
I 
, 

David Cassidy gives his new girl the look of love 

POP star David Cassidy looks totally in love with new girlfriend Kay 
Lenz of TV’s Rich Man, Poor Man. The two had a romantic reunion recently when David, 27, flew to london as a surprise 24th birthday present to Ray. “ Ray and I have known each other just a few months, and we aren’t planning to marry — yet,” says Cassidy. 

Omar Sharif plans to marry his actress sweetheart this year 

DISCX) bound in london are actor Omar Sharif and his new heartthrob, actress Al­ exandra Bastedo. Omar already hears wedding bells. He says he’s planning to wed in America within the year. At present, he’s still wed to Egyptian movie queen Eaten 
Haniama. But they’ve been separated for years. 
Police suspect thieves have melted 
John Glenn’s space medals that one of the 

PRICELESS medals awarded former astronaut 
John Glenn have probably been melted down by the burglars who stole them from his home, say police. 
"There’s always the chance items would turn up.” said Detec­ tive Craig Brantnover, of the 
Montgomery County, Md. Police 
Department. 
‘But, since they’re so identifia­ ble, they’ve probably been melted down already.” 
Glenn, now a U.S. senator from 
Ohio, said many of them were priceless in terms of sentimental and historic value. 
•‘They were silver and gold,” said Steve Avakian, a spokesman for the senator. 
The medals, 4o in all, were giv­ en to Glenn following his 1962 earth orbit in the Friendship 7 spacecraft. 
Also taken by the burglars was a small ruby pin Glenn took with him on the flight and a PT 1o9 tie clip from the late President Ken­ nedy. 
The thieves took the items after breaking into a bedroom window in Glenn’s Potomac, Md home 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

Emil Parkas of National 
Self Defense Institute. 
)st pr liver it, lift your knee, snap your foot into the op­ ponent’s groin and pull your foot back. Kick hard 
:ldy, then run. Yel and quickly, then run. the kick. 
'ell loudly when delivering 

7 great recipes you can brew with tea 

Now that coffee prices have skyrocketed, millions of Americans are discovering tea. But it doesn't always have to be enjoyed as a beverage. It can also p erk up a variety of foods. Check out these easy-to-follow tasty tea recipes. 
Lo Cai fruit salad dressing 

French dress­ ing, 8 ounces 

3 teaspoons 

 instant tea 

I bottle low calorie 

Blend tea into French dressing, stirring to remove any lumps. Serve with low calo­ rie fruits and pot style cottage cheese. 
Makes I cup. Four calories per teaspoon. 
Suggested fruits: Apple or pear wedges, grapefruit or orange sections, strawberries or melon balls. 
Brides tea biscuits 

 or until still quite warm. Beat mixture un­ til creamy and thick. Pour into buttered 
8” x8” pan. When fudge has “ set”, cut into squares. Makes I pound. 
Stuffed baked apples 

 baking cinna mon 

2 teaspoons instant 

 tea 

14 cup melted butter 

 or margarine 

I tablespoon lemon 

 juice 

2 cups biscuit mix 
2 tablespoons melt- 
2 teaspoons instant 

 tea 
2 3 cup water cd butter 

Dissolve tea in water. Add to biscuit mix. Beat with fork until stiff, about 15 strokes. Roll dough around on board light­ ly dusted with biscuit mix. Knead gently about 8 to IO times. Roll to about V ’ thick. 
Brush with melted butter and fold once. 
Dip 2-inch cutter into biscuit mix and cut dough in rounds. Place on ungreased cooky sheet about I inch apart. Bake on middle shelf in very hot oven (45o degrees 
F.) for 8 to IO minutes or until done. Serve hot. Makes 12 two-inch biscuits. 
Bavarian cream 

1 (3 oz.) package 

 lemon lime gel­ atin dessert 

I cup botling water 
Dissolve gelatin 

2 tablespoons in­ stant tea 

I cup heavy cream, 

 whipped dessert in boiling wa­ ter; stir in instant tea and chill until con­ sistency of unbeaten egg white. Fold in whipped cream and pour into 4 cup mold. 
Chill until firm. When ready to serve un­ mold and cut in slices. Garnish with fruit, if desired. Makes about 6 servings. 
Tea fudge 

2 cups sugar 

2 tablespoons in 

 slant tea 
I teaspoon grated 

 lemon rind 

I cup milk 

Place sugar in 2-quart saucepan. Stir in instant tea, lemon rind, milk, butter and com syrup, mix well. Bring to boil over moderate heat, cook until thermometer registers 24o degrees F., or when a small amount of the mixture forms a soft ball when dropped in cold water. 
Remove from heat; gently stir in nuts, if desired, and cool to about 15o degrees F 

•J medium apples 
I 3 cup graham cracker crumbs 
I 3 cup sugar 
‘4 teaspoon 
Wash apples and partially core, making openings in top and leaving bottoms intact to hold stuffing. With tip of knife make slits in skin in 6 even spaces from tops halfway down. Mix crumbs, sugar, cinna­ mon, instant tea, metled butter and lemon juice. 
Stuff apples, piling excess on tops, and place in shallow 8” x8” pan. Pour about % inch water around apples. Bake in moder­ ate oven, 35o degrees F., about I hour 
(time will vary with size and variety of ap­ ples) , or until apples are tender and done. 
Serve at room temperature. Makes 4 serv­ ings. 
Rich apple sauce 

8h ounce can apple tea sauce 
I teaspoon lemon 
14 teaspoons instant juice 

Place apple sauce in small bowl. Stir in lemon juice, sprinkle with instant tea and beat in. Sprinkle a little more instant tea on each portion just before serving. Makes 
I cup. 
Tea-lime pie 

3 tablespoons but­ ter 
2 teaspoons com 

 syrup 

^4 cup chopped pe­ cans, optional 

I envelope unfla­ vored gelatine 

 l 4 cup cold water 
\ cup boiling water 
I cup heavy cream 
I envelope lime 

 flavored ice tea 

 mix 
I (9 inchj graham 

 ready crust, chilled 

Fresh strawber­ ries, opt wnal 

Sprinkle gelatine on cold water and sof­ ten. Add boiling water and stir until gela­ tine dissolves. Cool and chill until consist­ ency of unbeaten egg white. (Do not let it 
“ set.” ) 
Meanwhile, whip cream until frothy, slowly add and whip in iced tea mix. 
Continue whipping until mixture holds soft peaks. Beat in the slightly thickened gelatine. Pour into crust. Refrigerate until set. When ready to serve garnish with strawberries, if desired. Makes 6 servings. 
Boy, 8, tops thousands to win our Bugsy Malone contest 

AN eight-year-old boy from Fort Lauderdale, 
Florida, has won THE STAR S exciting Bugsy Ma­ lone contest. 

Grant Newell was one of thousands of children all 

 across the country who entered the contest In all. 21o entries had an all correct line (E H B D A Cl. Choosing the winner and the IOO runners-up from these was an al­ most impossible task. 

Ute judgment had to be made on the basis of "the 

 most originality, skill and clarity in writing 
Why I 

Would Like To Be A Cop ” 
Many expressed the highest motives 

 for wanting to be a cop. and their sen­ timents were moving But little Grant 
Newell put his simple reasons on to paper with more originality, skill and clarity than any one of the other final­ ists And in a precise 39 words 

The judges were unanimous in nam­ ing him the winner. Here are the words that won him lop prize: 
Why I would like to be a cop 
Because they— 
H ELP people in trouble, 

The Star agreed and awarded Grant a prize of $1 .OOO 

Bugsy Malone soundtrack albums 

 went to these IOO runners-up: 

Age I: Ronald Clucky, Worcester. Mass 
Age 9: Melissa Flood. Northridge. Calif 
Age It; Koyne Cassady. Cudahy. Calif , 
Gelled 
Domany, Chicago, 
III ; 
Dedra 

Grant Newell: 
The champ 

MAKE arrests and put crooks in 

 jail; 
HELP people when they get hurt; 
TEACH kids to ride bikes safely, 
TEACH kids how to cross the 

 street. 
TAKE kids home when they get 

 lost 
Grant, who is one of three children, 

 asked, through his mother, if he could have a cash prize instead of the cop car from the movie, Bugsy Malone, 

DOrta. Kelly Comers, N Y ; Enc Irizarry, 
Bayshore. N Y ; Thoma P Leon, Bronx. 
N Y 
Robin Meter. Baltimore, Md 
Sean 
Mtrenda. Milwaukee, Wise.; Laurie Schick, 
Watertown, Wise 
Age ll: Gina Blednyh, Millbrae, Calif . 
Charles Brower. Irmo, SC .; Jeffrey Catali rn, Harrison, N J 
Janet C lane to. Lake Ge­ neva Wise . Joanne DiBtsceghe, West New I 
York, N J ; Jim Eason. San Francisco Cal­ if . Caroline 
Gallagher 
Oak Park, 111 , 
Ricky Gentry. Houston, Tex 
Billy Giange- ruso, 
Bloomfield, 
N J . 
Eddie Gomez, 
Brooklyn, N Y.; Michelle Irizarry, Bay shore. N Y 
Michael Kostner, Ridgewood 
N Y , Todd Medlock, Paterson. N X ; Chria 
Moriarty, Walpole, Mass . Tem Neiderer 
Abbottstown, p i.; Richard Nielwoeki J r , 
Piscataway, N J ; Michel! Paetzold. Has­ brouck 
Heights, N J.; 
Tammy Scfuldt 
Thurmont, Bd ; BUI Behove, Williamson, 

N Y , David Souchick, Edwardsville, Pa ; 
Carolyn Stevens, Vallejo, Calif ; Paula S 
Swearingen, Ripley, Ohio, Susan Teixeira, 
Sudbury, Mass , [usa Welch, Malden, Mass 
» 

12: Matt Andras, Hleix, Ore 
Erie 
Chesterland. Ohio, Laura Bleiler. Mil loin. Wise . Gary W Bowsman, Greenfield, 
Indiana, Ann Byme, Kansas City, Mo , 
Paul Caron, Moosup, Conn ; Jam es Gian- none. Jr., New Milford, Conn , Harry Gom­ ez, Brooklyn, N Y , David Hooker. Redondo 
Beach, C alif; Julie Horn, Santa Monica, 
Calif . Tim James. Hayward. Calif.; Charles 
McBride, Tampa, Fla ; Dawn McMillan, 
Port AJbemi, British Columbia. Canada, tieorge Montgomery, Sacramento, Calif ; 
Gina Reid. Glenview, III.; Freddie Rodri­ guez, Pasadena, Tex , Nancy Sehaub, Ste­ vensville, Mont.; Addle Wallace, Maquoke­ ta. Iowa 
Age 13: Pat Adams, Hayward, C alif; 
Him Andrews, Glenview, III ; Felix Arnola, 
Brownsville, Tex 
Kevin Ash, Indutncipohs, bid; Suzanne Bennett, East Hampton, 
N Y.; Denise Bremers, Brookfield Wise ; 
Tammy Coulter, Connelly Springs, N C ; 
De ma De Leon, Pinconning, Mich ; John 
Freed 
Wilmington, Del.; Bobby Glim, 
I*ompton Plains, N J.; Vincent Good, Lath­ rop Wells, Nev ; Steve Hardwick, Booth- bay, Maine, Tommy Kulay, Warminster, 

Pa.; Norma Lara. I/is Angeles, Calif 
Stuart McDermott, Chicago. 111.; Joseph 
Prochera, Huntington Sta , N Y ; Scott 
Remley, Anderson, Calif , 
Alice Wood 
Breckenridge, Tex , William K Young, Ox­ nard, Calif 
Age 14: Rebecca Albert, Osceola Mills 
Pa.; Lenny Cacipo, Big Bear Lake, Calif , 
Larry Castro. Tracy, Calif.; Jay Fry, 
Springfield. Ohio. Gay Jorgensen. Douv man, Wise ; Jean Krigbaum, Warrenton, 
Mo 
Winn Major, Eden Prairie, Minn , 
Gloria Pace, Nanuet. N Y , Chuck Perrine 
Houston, Tex , Henry Rivera. Cerritos, Cal­ if , Mike Saule. St John, bid , Paul E 
Speirer, Little Rock, Ark , Alaina Thinon, 
Somerville, N J.; Ann Margaret Vellejo, 
Milwaukee. Wise.; Brandon Wenneh, Boyn­ ton Beach. Fla 
Age IS: Patricia Basso South Holland 
IIL; Carlos Clay, Cleveland Ohio; Lisa 
Forbes, Crockett. Tex ; Colleen Kinnev 
Yarmouth Port, Mass ; Chris Lundgrtn 
Torrance, 
Calif. 
Michelle 
Montgomery, 
Topeka. Kansas. Charlie Pearsey, Indian 

Greenfield, Wise , Dave Vasko, Chicago, 
III . Pam Voorhees, North Brunswick, N J , 
Kim Young. Rock Springs. Wyo 

Cher reveals: ‘I still love Sonny' 

- but sometimes she hates him 

Barely recognizable in hat and dark glasses, Cher starts out on her nightclub tour with Sonny. 

BY IVOR KEY 

CHER revealed this week that she still has a strange love-hate rela­ tionship with ex-husband Sonny 
Bono. 
The sultry superstar said that the 
Sonny she still loves is a man who has changed outwardly since their divorce: 
“He was such a pig before — male chauvinism hardly describes it at all,’* idle recalled. 
But the Sonny she hates is the man who took $1.5 million from her in an out-of-court settlement after their break-up: “What I had to do was I had to pay to get a divorce.” she said bitterly. 
Speaking from the $5oo,ooo Beverly 
Hills mansion she shares with her hus­ band. rock star Gregg Allman, Cher said that Sonny had mellowed since their split. 
“ Now I think that he's gotten a lot more open to just seeing people as peo­ ple, not men as intelligent and women as unintelligent, but just being open to accept people as they come." 
She added: “ I get so mad with him sometimes, but also I know he was a certain kind of a good friend to me for ll years, and I love him in a strange way.” 
She admitted that it has been “very, very hard" to maintain a relationship with Sonny after the court battle over their divorce. 
“ I don’t mind giving him the money in one way, and in another way I think: 
‘My God, I worked my entire life to make this kind of money and I’m just going to give it to him.' 
“ I vacillate. I go back and forth trying 

* He was such a pig 

- now he’s more open to people9 

 to maintain what I think is a fair kind of posture on that. 
“ I don't think it s my obligation to pay him. but since I have to I’m not going to make myself upset. 
“ He believes he's entitled to it That’s where he's coming from. It has nothing to do with anything other than that Ifs business. I don’t think he's entitled to it. 
“ Let me tell you something. When I met Sonny I liad two pairs of pants arid a pair of boots. Sonny was driving a 
Chevrolet Monza and was working for 
$15o a week. 
“ When I left him I didn’t know any­ thing All my opinions were Sonny’s, all my ideas had so much of his influence. 
“ When I left Sonny he had a $75o,ooo house, five cars, and was worth quite a lot of money. The reason I left Sonny, 
I believe, was his fault. 
“ I had to pay to get a divorce When our case came up they hadn’t had a lot of cases like that, and so they threw the whole marriage aside ami decided to take it on the contract values. I just don’t think that was right ” 
Cher has also endured some rocky moments in her marriage to Allman 
The rock guitarist has been in Buffalo, 
N.Y., recently, receiving what she said was the final treatment for his drink and drug problem. 
Allotter problem she s had to face is her show business image. Asked what 

 role Sonny played in creating the Cher 
V 

SONNY TURNS BABYSITTER-SO DOES GREGG 

Sonny gives a gentle pat to tiny Elijah Blue. . . 

CHER’s eight-month-old baby Elijah Blue flew out to join his mom on the cabaret circuit — and playing nursemaid was Sonny Bono. 
Also aboard the flight from Los Angeles to Hawaii was Sonny’s daughter by Cher, seven-year-old Chasti­ ty, and Sonny’s girlfriend, Suzy Coelho. 
The only member of Cher’s family that was miss­ ing was her husband Gregg Allman He stayed home. 
Sonny and the children met 
Cher in Honolulu, and she and 
Sonny kicked off their six-month nightclub tour. 
When the group returned to Los 
Angeles, Gregg and a nanny took over babysitting duties while Son­ ny and Cher went off to continue their cabaret tour. 
A spokesman for Cher said that 
Chastity had to get back to school, and Cher didn’t want Elijah Blue moving from town to town. 
“She ll be commuting to Los 
Angeles regularly in the next six 

 months to see both her children*” he said. 
Cher herself reports that her new baby and Chastity are getting along fine together. 
She said recently: “ Before Eli­ jah Blue was born, I was worried about Chastity’s reaction. 
She made references like: ’lf ifs a girl we don’t need it, we already got one.' 
“Then when he was bom. I knew it was going to be fine She loves him. She was really lonely 

.then ouch! That finger was just too inviting 

 and she wanted someone. Thank 
God it was a boy.” Sonny and 
Cher’s nightclub tour will take them from San Fransisco across country to New York 
It is al­ ready certain to be a smash suc­ cess — tickets are sold out in al­ most every major city. 
The act is similar to the televi sion show with Sonny playing the straight man while Cher makes the wise-cracks 
Cher’s friends say that she is now very happy and looking healthy Ami they dismissed any 

 a target for a tot to ignore. 

 thoughts that a tour with Sonny might lead to a rift with Gregg 
Allman. 
“Gregg is living at the house and they have been going out to­ gether a tot,” said one close friend 
“Sonny and Cher are great friends but their relationship purely a working one.” 

Gregg is expected to join Cher on rnany of the m which will cover ei months. 

 club dates, cities in six 

 who is known to millions of TV viewers she said: "I don t like that question very much. I don’t know even what im­ age I have. 
“ A lot of different people see a lot of different things The so-called hip peo­ ple think I am a kind of joke. Otters think I’m just the most decadent person that ever lived 
“ Psychiatrists use me as an example all the time in the magazines. I went to a group therapy thing the otter night and sat down and thefriendof mine who is the doctor said lo this guy. ‘What do you think of Cher?’ 
“ He rattled off things like: ‘She’s loud, she wants to dominate the entire conversation, and she’s got a filthy mouth, she s real harsh and hard’. 

“ And I thought, My God. I had really made an impression on him and I never met him in my entire life. Somehow I was really threatening him, 
“ I have a really strong personality, but I have no desire to cut into anybody. 
“The sort of thing I do with Sonny on the show, I can only do that to someone 
I like, because I can hardly speak to someone that I don't know. 
“In a way I’m really kind of shy. It’s a very strange, complicated kind of way because I can be loud and boisterous, but also I’m pretty nervous of people” 
Cher admitted that she gets “ bored as hell” during rehearsals for her TV show 
“ I know we’re repeating ourselves, but there s not really anything that’s new to do." she said “There aren’t any real new bits when you think about it; from vaudeville to burlesque to the ori­ ginal television shows. 
“ And also the network doesn’t let you do anything very new. 
We’re watched so closely it makes me sick CBS has the stric­ test censorship in the world. 
“I’m not doing any kind of great thing I’m doing a television show It makes people happy. Ifs not really anything more than that. 
“ I'm not giving out any kind of great message; I’m not doing any kind of great art form. 
“ I’m just doing something that people can watch which might make them feel good for an hour, half an hour or IO minutes. 
“ But I really would like to do some films " 
She said that screenwriters had approached her with movie scripts — for New York, New 
York. Lucky I .ady and A filar Is 
Bom 
“ I saw that before 
Barbra 
Streisand decided she wanted to do it and didn't particularly like it,” she said. 
“ When she took it she made it totally different because 
S te made it completely the women’s vehicle, and tne man was inciden­ tal.” 
Cher said she is happiest when working with Jerry Lewis, Redd 
Foxx and Betty White “ I like to work with people who are fun 
“The only person I know I won t work with is Howard Coset! because of his personality, his manners and his general way of being ” 

NEXT WEEK: Cher talks frankly about her love 

 for husband Gregg 

P A G ! IO 
THI SA N A N T O N IO ST A R — M arch 27, >977 
THE SAN ANTONIO STAR— March 27, >977 
RAGE 11' 
Conoscope CalendarcJbr(^ lp ril [fl 

By Laurie Brady 

 m s 
(March 21-April 19) 
SU N D AY 
M O NDAY 

(M a y 21-June 21)J 

(July 23 - 
August 22) 

</1j-i T 
- " 

 i A ugust 23- bcptcm bcr 22) 

Marlon Brando Is an Aries, born April 
3, 1924. 

ARIES: Full Moon brings confrontations with partner, 

TAURUS: You may contemplate a job move. 

GEMINI: A friend becomes a lover. 

CANCER: Wanderlust makes you think of quitting. 

LEO: A Caribbean cruise tempts you. 

VIRGO: You need to straighten accounts. 
LIBRA: Fall Moon is testing compatibility. 

SCORPIO: lob pressures mount. Consider ee-workers. 

SACH.: You say farewell again to a loved one. 

CAPRICORN: Career and family needs trouble you. 

AQUARIUS: There will be a short trip this month. 

PISCES: Financial matter needs a definite decision. 
1o 

ARIES: Finances may be under tension. 

TAURUS: Guard against losses and accidents. 

GEMINI: Troubles and worries beset you. 

CANCER: Don't blame friends if they don't help now. 

LEO: Scandalous reports may be circulated. 

VIRGO: News from a distance makes you feel helpless. 

LIBRA: Money is procured under great difficulties. 
SCORPIO: Lack ot help from mate makes you critical. 

SAGIT.: A day of misunderstandings on the job. 
CAPRICORN: Loved one's views cause you worry. 

AQUARIUS: Problems with family members. 

PISCES: Be careful what you say and write. 
17 

ARIES: Important decisions favored on a sensible level. 

TAURUS: Get ready for new plans. 

GEMINI: Moon stirs ap social house, premising joys. 

CANCER: Look at problems as boing mere challenges. 

LEO: Concentrate on long range plans. 

VIRGO: Emotions could be intense Involving finances. 

LIBRA: Cycle low. Sidestep a sticky situation. 

SCORPIO: A time of now beginnings in financial areas. 
SAGIT.: Decisions need to bo made with loved ones. 

CAPRICORN: Eclipse may temporarily block jab goal. 

AQUARIUS: Yon are guided into new relationships. 

PISCES: You find new ways of making money. 

ARIES: Emotional changes involving loved ones. 

TAURUS: Trouble because of wandering affections. 

GEMINI: Avoid gossip that breaks up friendships. 

CANCER: You think of changes at home or work. 

LEO: Mix ups in schedules and appointments. 

VIRGO: Money trouble because of extravagance. 

LIBRA: Disappointment in marriage or personal affairs. 

SCORPIO: You may suffer from overindulgences. 

SAGIT.: Trouble through wandering affections. 

CAPRICORN: Domestic areas flare up now. 

AQUARIUS: Many annoyances because of women. 

PISCES: Don't overextend yourself in financial areas. 
11 

ARIES: Deal with those in authority. Be confident. 

TAURUS: Plan ahead for travel and creative ventures. 

GEMINI: Be aware of financial agreements. 

CANCER: Cycle low. Your independence is threatened. 

LEO: Accent is on health and work. A busy day. 

VIRGO: Romantic interests and obildren are featured. 

LIBRA: Home area may concern you temporarily. 

SCORPIO: Visits from relatives and short trips favored. 

SAGIT.: Expand rather than draw back financially. 

CAPRICORN: You can win friends and influence people 

AQUARIUS: Talkative one appears strangely silent. 

PISCES: Friends help you attain your wish. 
18 

24 
ARIES: Start planning tor spring spruce up. 

TAURUS: Travel is on the agenda within the month. 

GEMINI: There may be concern with finances. 

CANCER: Express your feelings. Be creative. 

LEO: You have an opportunity to discover secrets. 

VIRGO: You will make new friends who will be helpful. 

LIBRA: Keep promises to those in authority. 

SCORPIO: Romance featured. Be understanding. 

SAGIT.: Adjustment is necessary in health, work. 

CAPRICORN: Cycle low. Do not act childishly. 

AQUARIUS: Be aware of first aid and medicine needs. 

PISCES: Spotlight is on children. 

ARIES: This is a time of new beginnings. 

TAURUS: The eclipse may temporarily jinx your luck. 

GEMINI; Party invitations hype your social lite. 

CANCER: You play with the idea of quitting your job. 

LEO: Travel plans are encouraged. Heed good advice. 

VIRGO: Posh new address can be yours. 

LIBRA: Eclipse clouds judgment with friend or mate. 

SCORPIO: Splurge at a sybaritic spa. Give up junk food. 

SAGIT.: Forgive but never forget behavior of lovedone. 

CAPRICORN: Send a present to your parents. 

AQUARIUS: Balmy weather encourages shopping. 

PISCES: Happy fiscal hurdles are soon overcome. 
25 
ARIES: Don't mix emotions and finances. 

TAURUS: Some bassie in the beme it upsetting in p.m. 

GEMINI: Be alert when riding or driving. 

CANCER:Avoid financial exaosset. Social life expensive. 
LEO: Get to the heart of the matter. 

VIRGO: Emotional interests and finances are involved. 
LIBRA: You may be on losing end of money showdown. 

SCORPIO: Adjustment is necessary with mate, family. 

SAGIT: Loose arrangements now could be costly. 
CAPRICORN; Plans to make cash gains are thwarted. 

AQUARIUS: Family life is interesting but not stable. 
PISCES: You’re inclined to work with loved one. 

TU ESD A Y 

A RIES (March 21-April 19). Race through the days this month. 
But hesitancy in others may make you feel nervous and frus­ trated. Others seem to get all the credit. 
Slow down, and avoid self-neglect. 

TAURUS (April 2o-May 2o). Dy­ namic friends can help you this month. An unexpected invitation will add sizzle to your social life. A friend may be quarrel­ some in mid-month. Beware of reacting rashly. 

ARIES: Impetuosity could causa a financial loss. 

TAURUS: A day of discord with partners. 
GEMINI: Avoid health hazards or upsets at work. 

CANCER: Upsots with children or loved ones. 

LEO: Disruptive forces in the domestic area. 

VIRGO: Avoid estrangements from relatives, neighbors, 
LIBRA: Unexpected expenses bring money problems. 

SCORPIO: You become independent and headstrong. 

SAGIT.: Avoid temptations and your own self undoing. 

CAPRICORN: Avoid sarcasm which hurts your friends. 
AQUARIUS: Watch reputation. Views are challenged. 

PISCES: Unexpected problems with the law or in-laws. 
12 

ARIES: Let your feelings be known quietly. 

TAURUS: Enjoyable trips. Good aspects tor legal deals. 

GEMINI: Drains on joint savings for tax matters. 

CANCER: Others are difficult now. 

LEO: Co-workers could be a problem. Get check up. 

VIRGO: Demands are made on you today. 

LIBRA: Distrust upsets relationship with mate, lover. 

SCORPIO: Avoid family disputes. Be more diplomatic. 

SAGIT.: Short trips and visits on agenda. 

CAPRICORN: Money matter brings problems with eiders, 

AQUARIUS: Cycle is high for action. 

PISCES; Money matters could interfere with love life. 
19 
ARIES: Concern with finances is inevitable today. 

TAURUS: Cycle is high but confusion exists. 

GEMINI: Avoid gossip. Secrets come out. 
CANCER: Friendships, romances cast shadows now. 

LEO: Problems with those in authority. 

VIRGO: News from a distance is not encouraging. 

LIBRA: Bills and unexpected expenses brings the blues 

SCORPIO: Pressures with mate mount. 

SAGIT.: You may feel queasy. 

CAPRICORN: Old friendships and love shaky today. 

AQUARIUS: Family members upset your usual cool. 

PISCES: Sibling squabbles abruptly intrude your plans. 
26 
ARIES: Disappointment with loved ones and children. 

TAURUS: Strive tor more security in the home area. 

GEMINI: There may be a delay in travel plans. 

CANCER: Emotions and finances do not mix today. 

LEO: Cycle high but plans may be delayed. 

VIRGO; Don't take on too much financially. 

LIBRA: Friends and loved ones make money demands. 

SCORPIO: Wind up business matters. 
SAGIT.: Overoptimism leads to excess and fatigue. 

CAPRICORN; You may have to budget loved ones. 

AQUARIUS: Take your time in making decisions today. 

PISCES; Avoid risks on the job. 

W EDNESDAY! 
T H U R SD A Y 

4C-P 

FRIDAY 

ARIES: Do not arouse resentment in financial areas. 
TAURUS: Cooperation with others avoids scenes. 

GEMINI: Interviews bear fruit in getting new jobs. 

CANCER: Luck and love go hand in hand today. 

LEO: Do not overindulge in food or drink. 

VIRGO: Speak freely. Watch tor announcements. 

LIBRA: Your attention turns to matters of finance. 

SCORPIO: Cycle high. Push your affairs. Be more active 

SAGIT.: Get that long neglected physical check-up. 

CAPRICORN: Try to improve your social life. 

AQUARIUS: You may have to retrench in career area. 

PISCES: You dream more than ever now. 

ARIES: Office pressures and work is challenging. 

TAURUS: Adventure in love We brings neglect of friends, 

GEMINI: Family quarrels make you feel torn apart. 

CANCER: Any shopping plans may turn out a flop. 

LEO: A sponding spree weakens your bauk balance. 

VIRGO: A happy day with emotions at high tide. 

LIBRA: Inner pressures could cause iHness. 

SCORPIO: Friends will resent your interference. 

SAGIT.: Avoid rash actions in career areas. 

CAPRICORN: Travel plans are snarled so expect delays. 

AQUARIUS: Quarrels about money or tax situation. 

PISCES: Cope with temporary downer. Moods erratic. 

ARIES: Good news and a stroke of luck from afar. 

TAURUS: Easy money may have strings attached. 

GEMINI: Moods alternate. Wear bright yellow. 

CANCER: Appreciate those groat new job happenings. 

LEO: Test your luck at creative pursuits. 

VIRGO: You make your homo surroundings niftier. 

LIBRA: A good day to shop. You find what you want. 

SCORPIO: Sudden money advantages light up your day. 
SAGIT.: Very busy day. You get much accomplished. 

CAPRICORN: Look inward to fill your potential today. 

AQUARIUS: Friends tf-n you on to job opportunities. 

PISCES: Unexpected career glory falls on you. 
13 
ARIES: Wishes are fulfil!#! — but there is a price. 

TAURUS: There is room for you at the top. 

GEMINI: Accent on independence. Live your own life. 

CANCER: Don't let money he a bone of contention. 

LEO: Cycle low. Do more listening. 
VIRGO: Many small chores demand attention. 

LIBRA: How you express your feelings is important. 

SCORPIO: A sacrifice new will eventually pay off. 

SAGIT.: Develop an idea which could bo rewarding. 

CAPRICORN: Older person it helpful to you financially. 

AQUARIUS: Cycle high. Yoe can almost walk on air. 

PISCES: Open yourself to new, vital experiences. 
2o 
ARIES: Some delays in financial areas are temporary. 

TAURUS: Hold back on new projects. 
GEMINI: What you set out to do never gets finished. 

CANCER: Pals are entertaining but heart is elsewhere. 

LEO: You may be disappointed in career area. 

VIRGO: News from a distance interferes with travel. 

LIBRA: Little luxuries are delayed. 

SCORPIO: Cycle low. Avoid important decisions. 

SAGIT.: Follow through on promises made to others. 

CAPRICORN: You will learn a valuable lesson. 

AQUARIUS; Your future depends on current decisions. 

PISCES: Short trips and visits highlighted today. 
27 
ARIES: Cycle it high for romance, hobbios and sports. 

TAURUS: Make a nice eddiflen to your borne area. 

GEMINI; Idea presented by relative worth considering. 
CANCER; You gain something of value. You deservo H. 

LEO: Cycle Is high. Be mere confident. 

VIRGO: Emphasis Is on what is hidden. • 

LIBRA: Friendships are strengthened. 

SCORPIO; Constructive action in career is beneficial. 
SAGIT,: Good time ter travel or new enterprises. 

CAPRICORN: Money continues to be featured. 

AQUARIUS: Cycle low. Use diplomacy. Be mature. 

PISCES: Co-worker will he helpful. Review aspirations 

14 
ARIES: You tend to fear the unknown. 

TAURUS: Recent social confact pays dividends. 

GEMINI: One who makes vow should put it in writing. 

CANCER: Make travel plans. Study a language. 

LEO: Check financial details before agreement. 

VIRGO: Cycle low. Watch out tor deception. 

LIBRA: Stick to diet. Achieve balance in health area. 

SCORPIO: Loved ones are in the picture today. 

SAGIT.: Attend to details in home area. 

CAPRICORN: You will be commuting more. 

AQUARIUS: New approach means financial gains. 

PISCES: Speak up. Encourage new contacts. 
21 

ARIES: Relatives and in-laws enter the picture. 

TAURUS: Cheek your budget. 

GEMINI: Cycle high. Put plans into effect, 

CANCER: You can trust your hunches. 

LEO: You could gain through friends. 

VIRGO: Career goals are coming closer to reality. 

LIBRA: Possibility of travel. You are feeling restless. 

SCORPIO: Financial discussions are favorable today. 

SAGIT.: Cycle low. Hold back. 
CAPRICORN: Accent on health, work, practical issues. 

AQUARIUS: A day to spend with children, loved ones. 

PISCES: Check property values and home repairs. 
28 
ARIES: Be ready to help and serve others today. 

TAURUS: This is a good time to pursue pleasure. 

GEMINI: You are laying foundation tor achievement. 
CANCER: Show more interest in relatives, neighbors. 

LEO: Soc financial favors and more recognition. 

VIRGO; Cycle high. Effort to get ahead favored. 

LIBRA: Attend to charitable affairs. 

SCORPIO: Opportunities come through social contacts 

SAGIT.: Develop new business tactics and strategy, 

CAPRICORN: A good day to get plans and ideas OK'd. 

AQUARIUS: Clear away debts, bills and clear accounts 

PISCES; Cycle tow. Heed wise guidance of mate. 

ARIES: A beautiful day. You attract more attention. 
TAURUS: You're in a narcissistic phase. 

GEMINI: You're caught in a whirlpool of socializing. 

CANCER: A major career jump is in your future. 

LEO: A surprise long distance call makes you happy. 

VIRGO: Financial luck hinges on mate, partner. 

LIBRA: Mating impulses occupy your mind. 

SCORPIO: A plum job opportunity presents itself. 

SAGIT.: New romantic adventures flare. 

CAPRICORN; The home is where happy things happen. 

AQUARIUS: Shopping trips turn up nice bargains. 

PISCES: You get a financial windfall. 
15 
ARIES: Hold off o h long range commitments. 

TAURUS: You are drawn to one who is impractical. 

GEMINI: Authoritative person may chatfengo yon. 

CANCER: Check travel plans. Delays possible. 

LEO; Do not mix friendships and finances. 

VIRGO: Cycle sHII low. Frustrations are temporary. 

LIBRA: Relative may be testing your patience. 

SCORPIO: Be sure of authenticity in tax forms. 

SAGIT.: Maintain balance with family members. 

CAPRICORN: Seek answers from trusted advisers. 

AQUARIUS: Budget should be reviewed. 

PISCES: Cycle is high. Be willing to change your mind 
22 
ARIES: Don't be tooled by relative. 

TAURUS: Money situation needs attention. 

GEMINI: Cycle is high. You can direct your own destiny 

CANCER: Look behind scenes for answers. Avoid gossip 

LEO: Impulsive behavior is met with much opposition. 

VIRGO: Define ambitions. What you imagine is possible 

LIBRA: Double check before making a long trip. 

SCORPIO: Irrational behavior could oe met sternly. 

SAGIT.: Cycle low. lodgment off. Don't tell all. 

CAPRICORN: Avoid extremes in work and health. 

AQUARIUS: Friends and loved ones cause problems. 

PISCES: Problems with water in home area. 
29 
ARIES: Co-workers appear to be bluffing now. 

TAURUS: Children and loved ones may be confused. 

GEMINI: Get legal adviee before signing papers. 

CANCER: Avoid motto! strain and hasty signatures. 
LEO: Avoid handling finances carelessly. 

VIRGO: Make deeisions after cheeking facts. 

LIBRA: Don’t stir up troubles and jealousy. 

SCORPIO; Friends load you down unproductive paths. 

SAGIT.i Don’t be hazy about career aims no*. 
CAPRICORN: Confusion in your plans upset others. 

AQUARIUS; Don't allow others to drain year purse. 

PISCES: Avoid trusting unreliable person. 

SA T U R D A Y 

ARIES: You experience intense encounters with others. 

TAURUS: It is difficult to hide your feelings. 

GEMINI: You are more possessive of family members. 

CANCER: Female relatives play an important role. 

LEO: Not a good day to lend money. 

VIRGO: Get out and get attention. Cycle high. 

LIBRA: You tend to withdraw and feel insecure. 

SCORPIO: A friend touches you deeply. 

SAGIT.: Avoid emotional display in career areas. 

CAPRICORN: You have a strong urge to get away. 

AQUARIUS: Conflict over what belongs to you. 

PISCES: Avoid confrontations with mate or partner. 

(September 23- 
Oct 23) 

9 

ARIES: Avoid nervous overstrain. Curb impetuosity. 

TAURUS: Watch for deooptien in financial ventures. 

GEMINI: You are overly sensitive to mate. 

CANCER: You tend to be overwrought at work. 

LEO: Children, loved ones are involved in temptations. 

VIRGO: Avoid accidents at beme. Cheek plumbing. 

LIBRA: Don’t daydream while driving, Be alert. 
SCORPIO: Protect your valuables. Avoid deception. 

SAGIT.: You need discipline today. Emotions run wild. 

CAPRICORN: You face consequences of past actions. 

AQUARIUS: Friends try to convince you of error. 

PISCES: Beware of taking a devious course. 
16 
ARIES: Cycle moves up. Do your own thing. 

TAURUS: Throw off tendency to tear the unknown. 

GEMINI: Friends help attain goals. 

CANCER: Authoritative person may stand by for you. 

LEO: Soft-sell brings the best results. 

VIRGO: Money situation is out of your hands. 

LIBRA: Cycle is low but time is on your side. 

SCORPIO: Don't neglect work or health activities. 

SAGIT.: Romance and creativeness emphasized. 
CAPRICORN: Home ties and responsibilities annoying. 

AQUARIUS: Social activity is accelerated. 

PISCES: Steady approach means more money. 
23 

3o 
ARIES: Money situation is contused. 

TAURUS: Pressures mount. Unexpected changes. 

GEMINI: More responsibilities coming your way. 

CANCER: Friends are quarrelsome. Visit relatives. 

LEO: A stressful day concerning parents or boss. 

VIRGO: News from a distance upsets you. 

LIBRA: Money pressures mount. Put ESP to work. 

SCORPIO: Relationship with mate, parent is stressful. 

SAGIT.: An unexpected change is of interest to you. 

CAPRICORN: Friends and loved ones bring pressure. 
AQUARIUS: Keep a low profile with mate and family. 

PISCES: Be careful in traffic today. Accidents abound. 

(flee 22-Jan 19) 

ARIES: Try ta create harmonious bom* atmosphere. 

TAURUS: You hear from relative or neighbor. 

GEMINI: Protect money interests. Read tine print. 

CANCER: Personal magnetism high. Dress colorfully. 

LEO: Work quietly behind scenes. 

VIR6o: Friends will help you to attain ambitions. 

LIBRA: Authoritative person could be ie error. 
SCORPIO: Travel rn ay be in order for long range plans. 

SAGIT.i Assets of mate, partner could concern you. 

CAPRICORN: Cycle low. Do not sulk. 

AQUARIUS: Strive for balance between work and play. 

PISCES: Emotions tend to dominate. Don't play games. 

(F e b 19- 
M a r c h 29) 

Surfer fights shark barehanded in a Moody battle to save girl 

A SURFER saved a teenage girl from a 1o-foot shark, then fought off the monster with his bare hands before emerging from the waves bathed in blood 
He then pulled two children from the water, alerted others of the threat, asked a lifeguard to close the beach and attempted to drive himself to a hospital. 
“Blood was just running out of me everywhere,” Paul Howard, 
24, of Brisbane, Australia, told 
THE STAR “My sister reckons if they took all the stitches out of me, I would be a big pile of meat on the floor.” 
Paul's wounds required 
8o stitches but doctors had him out of the hospital the same day he 

By HUGH LUNN 

 checked in He was surfing in the ocean at Kingsciiff. Australia, when he saw the shark charge a girl on an air-mattress. 
Paul continued: 
^ 
The chick on the air-mat- tress had no flippers and was doing a lot of splashing. I saw the shark heading for her. Then it went under her It did a couple of circles around her. then started charging in from a distance. 
TTiere were two little sharks swimming around it. 
I looked down and I saw the fin going straight for her. I was lay­ ing on the board and on a wave 
I speared in and pushed her for­ ward As I did, I told her to get 

Paul Howard shows off damaged surfboard: Huge chunk was taken out of it by 1o-foot shark. 

 out of the water. The shark twist­ ed its whole body sideways and bit the back piece out of the surf board Somehow I sort of twisted at the same time it did. If I hadn t, I would have lost my leg. 
I don’t think the shark was real­ ly that interested in me until I chimed in. But then it hit the front and I rammed its body with the point of the board. 
It started biting on the forehead of the board and I went for its eyes because they reckon it’s about the best place to hit a shark 
— that or the nose. 
As I lunged at the eyes, I pushed my arm down its mouth. 
You can see the teeth marks right down to my arm muscle. 
The shark s body was rough like sandpaper and when it bumped me, it gave me cuts down my chest. 
My hands were all nicked and sliced from grappling with the shark and pushing it away. I even had stitches on my fingertips. 
At one point the shark bit my left leg and took another piece out of the surfboard. That’s when I landed a good one with my whole fist right in his eye. It was with my good hand. 
I don’t know how much that hurt the shark It was too busy thrashing around. But sharks are so strong you wouldn’t believe it. 
It would take a lot more than a hit n the eye to hurt one. 
During the fight. I hit the shark ie Vera I times while keeping my mard between him and me as nuch as I could. He bit the point iff and bit the board in four 
>laces and I think it was the taste if the surfboatd that scared him off. rather than the several punch­ es I landed. 
It was the surfboard that helped ne It was seven feet long and no part of me was hanging over the edge I fought him from the board although I nearly came off a few times and rolled round ^ 

Paul refused offers of help after emerging from the surf. 

When a lifeguard offered to take him to the hospital, Paul told him, “I prefer you close the beach.” 

The surfer said, “ I was feeling good when I got to the beach. Af­ ter warning people, 
I easily walked to my new car. though the blood was pouring out of me." 

Before leaving for the hospital, 
Paul asked a garageman to run 
YOUR CHILD CAN LEARN TO MAKE 
YOU can teach your children how to make their own decisions and recognize their own values. 
Dr. Sidney Simon, author of 
Values Clarification (Hart, $4 95 >, told THE STAR four games that still encourage your child to think for himself 
Among them are 
• TWENTY LOVES: Ask your child to list the 2o things he most likes to do. how much it costs to do them, with whom he likes to do them and how long it s been since he’s done them 
‘‘Your child will see that many of the things on his list have been 

DECISIONS ignored for a long time.” Dr Si­ mon said. 
‘’He ll know he has to rearrange his lifestyle to fit in more of the things that realty matter to him ” 
• BAKER’S DOZEN: Have your child write down 13 TV shows he watched last week. Have him cross out the three he could give up the most easily arid circle the three he liked the best Then sug gest he give up the three he crossed old, 
“ Pretty soon, he’ll be whittling 

 away at those seven in-between shows that were on his list and you’ll see a big cutback in his TV viewing time,’ the doctor said. 
• RANKING ORDER: When your child is getting dressed in the morning, give him the choice of several pair of socks Or, the next time you go out for ice cream, pick three flavors and let turn choose which one he wants. 
• DRIVING GAMES: 
When driving with your child, ask him such questions as, “ If you were a book, what kind would you be?” 
Or. what kind of TV show, maga­ zine or record would you be 

 along the beach and warn others. 
En route to the hospital, he said he was pursued by an ambulance. 
He pulled over and ambulance­ men administered some first aid. 
But one said: “ Nothing we could say about the risk of driving in his condition would deter him. 
He just said he was alright and after we bandaged him he drove off.” 
With a few miles to go, Paul said, “I sort of felt weaker and weaker and eventually I blacked out." 
When he did. authorities said his car rolled over and crashed in­ to an oncoming vehicle. It was al­ right but his car was damaged and he suffered a further wound. 
The ambulance was called to the scene and it took Paul the rest of the way to the hospital. 
Paul said later that he often surfs in shark-infested water. 
“Sharks usually don’t bother me.” he said “This one wouldn’t have gone for me under different circumstances It s their territo­ ry. I am the intruder.” 
Kingsciiff 
Police 
Constable 
John Wallington said there were about 3o people in the surf when fignt the shark fight began. 
He said the girl Paul saved left the beach before he could inter­ view her. 
House to heor sound of music 
THE Iowa House of Representa­ tives has found the way to keep harmony among its members—by allowing them to listen to music­ al their desks. 
A rules amendment that forbids playing a radio or tape deck in the House chamber unless an ear­ phone is used was defeated 57-38 
Rep Lester Menke, in propos- ing the change, said: “ I realize there are people who enjoy fine music and I’m one of them But I like to choose the times when I hear it 
“Our constituents, when they visit look down into these hal­ lowed halls think we’re in a con­ cert hall instead of a legislature.” 
Although she wasn’t mentioned by name, the object of the Con- 
Sassman’s debate was Rep Julia ntleman, who is fond of listen­ ing to classical music on the radio at her desk 
"I am fond of introducing my fellow members to Bach ana Bee thoven,” she said. "But I have seen the error of my ways. And I urge you to defeat this pernicious amendment." 

THIS WEEK S 
PULLOUT: 

HOROSCOPE 
CALENDAR 
FOR APRIL 

NEXT WEEK: 

A HOROSCOPE 
TO HELP YOU 
STAY YOUNG 

BIG DROP IN 
CHILD VICTIMS 
OF ASPIRIN 
POISONING 

ASPIRIN poisoning—the No. I cause of childhood poisoning— has declined dramatically, ac­ cording to a new survey. 
Betts Wallace, managing direc­ tor of the San Diego Poison Infor­ mation Center, reported that aspi­ rin poisoning had been cut by 
3o-4o percent. 

“This has been the number-one cause of childhood poisoning in the nation. 

 utable to the new safety caps on the bottles and to the fact that ba­ by aspirin now is generally bot­ tled in non-fatal amounts,” she said. tv caps we bottles of 

NEW FLAP OVER 
NATIONAL BIRD 
THE declining numbers of bald eagle has created a problem for 
America, according to the current issue of the nature journal. Amer­ ican Heritage. 
The magazine suggested that there are so few eagles — about 
2,ooo — that they may have to be replaced as the national bird 
As candidates for the honor, the magazine suggested the Snowy 
Egret. Blue Jay, Sage Grouse or the Great Horned Owl 

 quired on Dottles of aspirin in 
1973, said Tom Davis, a spokes­ man for the U.S. Consumer Prod­ uct Safety Commission. 

He told THE STAR: “Com­ paring 1972 and 1975, 41 percent fewer children under five are ac­ cidentally poisoning themselves with aspirin. 

“The number of deaths dropped 
63 percent over the same peri­ od." 

There were 8,146 such poison­ ings in 1972 compared with 4,84o such cases in 1975. 

There were 46 deaths from acci­ dental aspirin poisoning in 1972— but only 17 children died that way in 1975. said Davis. 

“There are times when they can be inconvenient," he said of the safety-caps, "but they do save lives.” 
The Center carries information on a wide range of toxic sub­ stances, from poisonous plants to household substances. 

TYie San Diego Poison Center al­ so reported last year it received more than 1,5oo life-or-death calls from suicide attempts or drug erdoses—a sharp increase ti the 1972 figure of 197. 

 ov- rom 

” Nonprescription, over-the- counter drugs, are also an in­ creasing menace, judging from the calls coming in, ” said director 
Wallace. 

WEIGHT WATCHERS SHOW HOW TO 
STAY SUM ON 
FORBIDDEN FARE 

IF YOU are happy with your pre­ sent weight ana want to maintain it. you might experiment with adding some of these delicious foods to your daily menu. 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 
THE hardest thing about dieting is keeping the pounds off once you’ve shed them and returned to normal eating. 
But now the world famous Weight Watchers organization believes it has found a way to stop this yo-yo syndrome and still permit its mem­ bers a wide choice of once-forbidden foods 
It has devised a completely new Maintenance Plan which allows die­ ters who have reached their goal weight to discover for themselves just how many extra calories they can consume without regaining a pound. 
The plan consists of eight groups of foods. Each food has been assigned a “unit’’ value and each unit represents about 5o ca­ lories. 
Foods in the first group are one-unit foods; they contain 5o calories. 
Foods in the second group are two-unit foods, containing IOO ca­ lories. 
Third group foods are three-unit foods, 15o calories; and so on up through Group 8, eight-unit foods, which are 4oo-calorie foods. 
Altogether there are 378 foods on the Maintenance Plan, ranging from a 5o-calorie tablespoonful of caviar to a 25o-calorie serving of chicken creole to a 4oo-calorie helping of strawberry shortcake with whipped topping. 
If you can't find a food you want on the unit chart, you can add your selection to the list, af­ ter checking its calorie content. 
The most important feature of the plan is the way in which the foods are added to the basic 
Weight Watchers menu. 
Members who have reached their desired weight continue on the nutritionally balanced 
1,- 
2oo^:alories a day menu plan for women and 
1,6oo-calones for men. To this, they add foods on the maintenance plan at a grad­ ual weekly rate. 
The first week, the member is allowed to add a one-unit food each day. The second week the al­ lowance is a total of two units a day, and so on up to eight units a day on the eighth week. 
The units are interchangeable; you may juggle them to suit your mood or lifestyle. You may, for instance, take your three-unit food in three one-unit foods, or you may decide to have a one-unit food and a two-unit food. lf you want to blow your eight- units on an ice cream sundae ev­ ery day of the week, you can, but it is not recommended because of the concentrated fat and sugar. 
Some people will never reach the eight-unit level, however. 
They will find that they start put­ ting on weight if they go over the six or seven-unit level. 
By this trial-and error process, members discover just how many calories they can handle and still maintain their weight permanent­ ly 
To give STAR readers a guide to creating their own test plan, here are some of the unit foods listed on the Weight Watchers 
Maintenance Plan. The approxi­ mate calorie is given for foods in each unit group 

The complete program is only available to 
Weight 
Watchers members and is carefully super­ vised over the eight week period 

 these foods-with care! 

ONE-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 5o calories each 
Bacon, imitation bits, 2 table­ spoons. 
Cheese, cream, I tablespoon. 
Crackers, plain, any type, 4. 
Cream, Half and Half, 2 table­ spoons. 
Dip, guacamole, *4 cup. 
Fruit, I serving. 
Honey, 2 teaspoons. 
Milk, whole, 1/3 cup. 
Popcorn, plain, I cup. 
Relish, 2 tablespoons. 
Salad dressing, any type, 2 teaspoons. 

TWO-UNIT EXTRAS 
About IOO calories each 
Bacon, Canadian, 2 slices. 
Bread, any type, I slice (I ounce). 
Butter, I tablespoon. 
Cereal, any type, I ounce. 
Cheese, semi soft or hard, I ounce. 
Clams, cherrystone, 6. 
Egg, cooked, I. 
Pancakes, 2 (4-inch diameter). 
Poultry, fish or meat, cooked, 
I ounce. 
Roll, soft, I. 
Sherbet, ‘4 cup. 

THREE-UNIT EXTRAS 

About 15o calories each 
Apple Brown Betty, Mi cup. 
Bagel, I. 
Cake, angel (IMr of 9-inch di­ ameter cake) 
Com chips, I ounce. 
Doughnut, unfilled, I. 
FYanks in blankets, 3. 
Ice Cream, ‘4 cup. 
Muffin, any type, I medium. 
Potato, French fried, IO pieces 
(2 inch x Mi inch x ‘4 inch) 
Rice, Spanish, Mi cup. 
Yogurt, frozen, 4 ounces. 

FOUR-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 2oo calories each beef, creamed, chipped 
Mi cup. 
Chicken, baked or roasted, meat and skin, 4 ounces. 
Cocoa, hot, 6 fluid ounces. 
Fish sticks, cakes or fried fish, 4 ounces. 
Peanut butter, 2 tablespoons. 
Pizza, 1/8 or 14-inch pie. 

Deputy stalks worm rustlers 
DEPUTY Sheriff Art Terry, hunting a thief who stole ll million worms, is being plagued by unwanted advice from the public. 
Look for a 
5oo-pound sparrow," said one joker. Another pointed the finger at a trout in a nearby pond The worms, valued at $5o,ooo were stolen from a wholesale worm ranch in Caspter, Wyo. 

Potato pancakes, 2. 
Shrimp salad, with dressing, 
‘4 cup. 
Soup, creamed, I cup 
Tortoni, I serving. 
Waffle, I (5 inch diameter). 

FIVE-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 25o calories each bouillabaisse, 2 cups. 
Cake, coffee, I piece (2‘4 inch­ es x 2* 2 inches x 1*4 inches) 
Chicken cacciatore, 8 ounces. 
Chow mein with noodles, 
3 4 cup. 
Egg Roll, I. 
Fritters, com, 2. 
Goulash, Beef, I cup. 
Ice cream soda, any type, I. 
Meatloaf, 5 ounces. 
Sandwich, chicken salad. 
Shrimp, fried, 4 ounces. 

SIX-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 3oo calories each 
Beans, baked with tomato sauce, I cup. 
Cream puff, I medium. 
Hash, beef, I cup. 
Mousse, Chocolate, *4 cup. 
Pepper, stuffed, I. 
Dirk, sweet and sour, I serv­ ing. 
Potato, stuffed baked, whole 
(6 ounces). 
Sandwich, bacon, lettuce and tomato. 
Shisk kebab, I serving. 
Turnover, fruit, I. 
Welsh rarebit on toast, Mi cup. 

SEVEN-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 35o calories each 
Cake, cheese (with or without fruit topping) 1/8 of IO-inch cake. 
Cherries, jubilee, I serving. 
Chili con cam e, I serving. 
Egg foo yung, I serving. 
Eggplant 
Parmigiana, 
6 ounces. 
Franks and beans, I cup. 
Hamburger on a roll with let­ tuce and catsup. 
Milk shake, any flavor, 8 fluid ounces. 
Omelet, any kind. 
Salad, chef’s, with dressing, 2 cups. 
Spaghetti with meatballs, I cup. 
EIGHT-UNIT EXTRAS 
About 4oo calories each 
Baked Alaska, I serving. 
Beef Stroganoff with noodles, 
I serving. 
Chicken, fried, I large breast or I leg and thigh. 
Curry with rice, I serving. 
Eggs Benedict, I serving. 
Fish and chips, I serving. 
Macaroni and cheese, I cup. 
R e, any type, 1/6 of 9-inch pie. 
Sandwich, roast beef with hot gravy. 
Sparereibs, barbecued, I serv­ ing (6 to 8 ribs). 
Strawberry shortcake with whipped topping, I serving (2- 
*4 inch cube). 

Western fan read 2,ooo cowboy books 

SCHOOLTEACHER Dr. Mary Al­ ice Money has become one of the country’s top experts on the Wild 
West—after plowing her way through 2,ooo Western novels and hundreds of cowboy movies. 
Now she’s planning to write a history on TV westerns. “They’ve been generally ignored ever since cops and robbers series took their place,” she said this week. 
Dr. Money, who teaches En­ glish at Gordon Junior College in 
Barnesville, 
Ga., recently re­ ceived her Ph.D. with a disserta­ tion on popular westerns. 
She said she became interested in the Wild West when she was 

Wild 
West expert Dr. 
Mary Alice Money. 

 three, and “fell in love” with cow­ boy movie star. Roy Rogers. 
“ I started reading westerns and haven’t stopped since,” she re­ called. “ I wanted to be a cowboy singer but I couldn’t yodel so I took up teaching instead. 
“Then I found a college which was taking the popular western as a serious part of American cul­ ture, so I went ahead and wrote the dissertation for my docto­ rate.’’ 
Her favorite cowboy movie? 
“Shane” . “ It was years ahead of its time with its blend of romance and realism,” she said. 
And she’s convinced the West­ ern is about to make a TV come­ back. “ Producers have taken vio­ lence about as far as they can. 
The public, I believe, have had enough of it and a new trend is growing.” 
Donald the dolphin can’t help flipping for a bikini-clad mermaid 

HERE’S a pretty mermaid who has Donald the dolphin jumping for joy. The bikini-clad beauty made a big splash during a fashion show at a Florida aquarium. While dolphins may or may not be as smart as humans, Donald proved they’re no dummies when it comes to appreciating women. 

Gregory Peck 
Kale Hepburn 
Hurt tancaster 
Ellen Bur sty n 

 i>avid Niven 
Liza Minnelli 
Paul Scofield 
Ingrid Bergman 

SOLUTION AND GIANT OSCARS 
CROSSWORD ON PAGE 17 
Spin test helps babies 

BABIES are being put into a spin 
■■ 
■ • by university tests aimed at im- 
U L I I i I ftjl' £ | IV f* 1 1 A i* proving their coordination. 
V V % ||I V %P %11 1 1 W I 
In experiments at Ohio State 
University, a researcher holds a baby and sits in a spec tally made chair The two are gently spun at 
16 revolutions per minute for about two minutes 
The short-range effect is a dizzy adult and a giggling child — but the long range result is faster- than-normal development of mo­ tor coordination in the baby. 
Tests have also shown that coordination improves in older children suffering from cerebral palsy 
* The purpose of the experiment was to design therapeutic mea­ sures that can be used on children whose coordination is develop­ mentally delayed," said David 
Clark, associate professor of ana­ tomy. 
"The spinning stimulates the vestibular system! a part of the 
Inner ear responsible for balance and equilibrium. 
‘‘We found it to have the most beneficial effects on children who cannot walk yet One of the things 

 that is interesting is that the chil­ dren really enjoy it.” 
Clark tested 24 normal infants who were not yet able to walk He spun 12 at regular intervals over a four week period and used 12 as a control group 
After the four-week experiment, the motor skills of the two groups of children were tested and signif­ icant improvement was found among those who were spun. 
Three month-old twins provided an example of the improvements 
The twin in the control group 
Lid mastered only head control, which is normal for a 3-month-old infant, but the twin hi the experi- fhental group had mastered head control and could sit unaided for about five seconds. 
Normal children were used first because it was assumed that the test would have no effect on them, Clark said, then the experi­ ment was repeated on older chil­ dren with cerebral palsy and the same results were noted. 

TVS Wonder Woman, Lynda Carter, snuggles up with ber heartthrob Hob Samuel*. The couple pinna to be married soon. Samuel*, a Hollywood agent, has been married before. The two met several months ago and it was love al first sight, Lynda save. 

Students serve the world’s biggest sandwich 

HERE’S one world record that’s hard to swallow — the biggest sandwich ever made The 4 ft. tall mound of ham and cheese was put together by students at 
Essex Community College in Essex, Md., for charity. 

Can you pair these Oscar winners with the movies they played in? 

ITS 
Academy 
Awards time, and the most impor­ tant name on the lips of everyone in showbusiness is 
Oscar. 
Although small in stature, the gold Oscar statuette has been sought after by the great­ est actors and actresses in movies. Some were able to capture him — for others, he remained an elusive dream. 
This week, in honor of Oscar, 
THE STAR presents a super quiz to test Hie memories of all movie buffs At right are the names of some stars who were able to take Oscar home on 
Academy Awards night. 
Alongside their names, there is a jumbled list of the movies in which they gave their Oscar- winning performances. 
Ail you have to do Is match the best actor or actress with the movie in which he or she won their Oscar. Have fun! 

A SUPER STAR QUIZ 
FOR ALL FILM FANS 

Patricia Neal 

• Q 

A r ^ 4 
Jack Lemmon 

Julie Christie 
Wonder Woman wild over new flame 

1. Patricia Neal 
A. 
2. Art Carney 
B. 
3. Jack Lemmon 
C. 
4. Julie Christie 
D. 
5. Simone Signoret 
E. 
6. Gregory’ Peck 
F. 
7. Glenda Jackson 
G. 
8. Katherine Hepburn H. 
9. Jane Fonda 
I. 
1o. Burt Lancaster 
J. 
IL Ellen Burstvn 
K. 
12. Sophia Loren 
L. 
13. David Niven 
M. 
14. Cliff Robertson 
N. 
15. Uza Minnelli 
O. 
16. Joanne Woodward P. 
17. Paul Scofield 
Q. 
18. Maggie Smith 
R. 
19. louise Fletcher 
S. 
2o. Ingrid Bergman 
T. 

Darling 
A Touch Of Class 
Separate Tables 
Alice Doesn’t Live Here Anymore 
One Flew Over The Cuckoo’s Nest 
Harry And Tonto 
Elmer Gantry 
A Man For All Seasons 
The Three Faces Of Eve 
Charly 
The Prime Of Miss Jean Brodie 
Hud 
Anastasia 
To Kill A Mockingbird 
Room At Tile Top 
Guess Who’s Coming To Dinner 
Cabaret 
Save The Tiger 
Two Women 
Klute 

[HUNDREDS of readers who took the dream 
[evaluation test in THE STAR (March I) also enclosed letters asking specific questions about their dreams. 
Doctors Joseph Hart and Richard Corriere, of the 
Dream Center in Los Angeles, Calif., could not re­ spond to each letter but Dr. Corriere did agree to 
•comment in gel taken from the eneral terms to representative letters more than 15.ooo received so far. 
Dr. Corriere’s comments are not answers to each dreamer's specific question or problem. His com­ ments are an informed guess, based on experience. 
Dr. Corriere stressed that symbols in dreams do not have specific, universal meanings. Dream im­ ages mean different things to different people. 
The following dreams have been edited for clari­ ty. Names are deleted to protect privacy. 
^ ONE childhood dream which still haunts me. concerned Roy Rogers and a 
“ classmate of mine. In the dream, my classmate had killed someone and had been sentenced to death. 
The execution was to be carried out in an unusual manner: Roy Rogers was to shoot him. 
I heard a shot, ran around my house, and saw that Roy Rogers had shot my friend. I woke up crying and screaming. I was 1o-years-old. 
I have hated Roy Rogers ever since I know Roy is a fine man who never killed anyone, but whenever I see him. I remember the dream. 
Twenty-odd years have dulled some of the details of the dream, but none of its a feelings. 
^ 

HOW DREAMS REVEAL THE 
INNER EMOTIONS THAT ARE 
HIDDEN IN 
YOUR PAST 

Rogers: The villain of one dream. 

Dr. Corriere: This dream story brings out a general point about dreaming. 
Our dreams often bring us into contact with very in­ tense feelings from the past. All dreams, like this one, are con­ cerned with resolving feelings 
When the feelings are not re­ solved, even 2o years later, the dream — or even being reminded of the dream — causes the unre­ solved feelings to surface. 

£ I DREAM of a henhouse with chickens in it. I forget to take care of these chickens for several days then remember to feed and water them and A gather the eggs. 
W 

Dr. Corriere: Dreams picture feelings. 
We have repetitive dreams because we don’t pay at­ tention to our feelings. 
Our dreams come back, over and over, trying to get us to deal with those feelings. 
Ask yourself what feelings you have during the dream and pay attention to them while awake 

£ ONCE I dreamed the Ma- w donna came through my bedroom door, smiling beautiful­ ly, with a glow of blinding light. 
I didn t want to touch her. Her hand beckoned me. She touched my quilt cover and gold lightning sparks went across the bed 
I told a Catholic friend of the dream and he said I should not have talked about it because if the 
Madonna appeared twice more before I talked about her. I would have gained healing pow- ^ ens, which I am striving ™ for. 
Dr. 
Corriere: 
People often dream about supernatural powers outside themselves. It could be 
Madonnas, supermen or Roy Rog­ ers. 
These people make their good feelings mysterious and give them to someone else in their dreams. 
Everyone can have healing power if they let out their good feelings and act naturally. 
Hypertension, the leading killer in America today, could bt* licked if people could let out their natu­ ral good feelings instead of keep­ ing everything inside. 

Dream doctor analyzes the strange messages sent in by Star readers 

Rov 

£ MOST of my dreams in volve death, undertakers, hearses, and funerals. Can you tell me why? 

Dr. Corriere: 
Dreams about death and dying can be powerful and g(»d They mean the person 

 is trying to admit he is really alive. The dream is saying: Pay attention to life; you're not living as fully as you could. 
CAN you tell me why I 
^ dream constantly and vivid­ ly about people I have never met in real life and about houses a 
I have never been to? 
* 

Dr. 
Corriere: 
Most people dream about unfamiliar people. 
When dreaming about unknown people arid places, all that energy and feeling is used up by things that aren’t happening. 
It is better to dream about peo­ ple, places and things you contact in real life. That means you don’t waste energy. 

£ I HAVE repeated dreams of w rushing torrents of water and I must get my children across on a slim rope or they will drown. 
TTiey are grown now, but in ^ the dream they are small. 
™ 

Dr. Corriere: You need to re­ solve feelings from the past so you can concentrate on the pre­ sent and future. 
In this case, the dream could concern unresolved feelings about the woman’s role as a mother, but that would be a guess. Judge­ ments from one dream account can t be made without carefully interviewing the dreamer. 

^ I DREAM I arn grown and 
W visiting the large, old house of my grandparents who raised me. I stumble upon a huge, beau­ tiful room furnished much more nicely than the rest of t he house I wonder why I tiad never a found the room before. 
^ 

Dr. Corriere: Dreams about furnishing a house, looking for a house or finding secret rooms usually reflect a desire to return to the deep, intense feelings of childhood. 
As a child, the dreamer had more energy and less stress. He was flappier at the intense level of feeling of childhood and wants to get back. 
He can — by allowing himself those same intense feelings as an odult. 
I DREAMED a gun was fired twice into my right ear I woke up screaming 
Several days later, my son said lie had a similar dream the same 

 night, only he was watching a someone fire a gun into my ^ right ear. 
Dr. Corriere: We call this a cross-over dream. The mother probably communicated her fear to her son in some way. It wouldn’t have to be with words. 
We communicate feelings many ways. 
Later, with both people con­ cerned over the matter, the moth­ er and son had the same dream 
It could have been prompted by something they saw on TV. or by any number of things. 
The key thing is, the mother feared for her life and the son picked up on that fear The dream may have been an attempt to get them to talk about the fear 

£ I DREAM of my late hus- 
™ band often. He tells me everyone is supposed to believe he is dead, but he is really on a secret mission. He can only see me once in a while for a short time. Then he has to get 
A back. 
^ 
Dr. Corriere: This widow is still trying to come to grips with the death of her husband, so her mind makes up this story When she ac­ cepts her husband s death as real and final, the dream will probably go away. 

£ I 
HAVE had terrifying 
^ dreams before major crises iii my life. Before my divorce. I dreamed my house was ^ sinking under water in a 7 flood. 
Dr. Corriere: Our dreams are like a built-in psychotherapist. 
They try to deal with feelings when we are not dealing with them. 
The dream shows what the per­ son really feels like. I would guess the dreamer was not truly facing up to the reality of a di­ vorce. 
Those feelings couldn't emerge until sleep, and then Ciey caused a nightmare. 

^ I LOVE horse racing and of 
O ten handicap rat es at local tracks. Several times I have had dreams predicting winners the next day. And those horses did win. 
^ 

Dr. Corriere: This man hap­ pens to be a good horse handicap per His mind is working (M i the 

Maiiroom staff at the Dream Center in Ix>s Angeles sort through some of the 15,ooo letters sent in by Star readers eager to have their dreams analyzed. 

 horses when he is asleep, and mon among children. In terror comes up with a good bet. 
£ DURING the last month or 
™ more my child has awak­ ened every night very afraid. 
I have to lie down with him. or let him come sleep with me He is truly afraid, and Iv. is getting to the point of even being a afraid of trying to go to j t sleep. 
Dr. Corriere: This is very com 

 mon amen* dreams, children are trying to get a kind of help by expressing a feeling locked up inside 
.Mothers should know that chil­ dren are intense feelers. Children 
(and adults) cannot just lock up their feelings and hope they'll go away. 
The child can be a mature little adult during the day. but he can t hold the feeling in all the time. At night, the feelings come out. 

Sue’s going great guns 

PISTOL |iacking Sue Rose has her lingers on the triggers of two very valuable items. The one on the right, set with semi precious stones, was actress Sarah Reinhardt's personal pistol The snub­ nosed 357 was a gift from the Cult company to James Bond au­ thor Jan Fleming. Both were sold this month for SB.(MH) at an auc­ tion at Christie s, London, where Sue works. 

THIS I BELIEVE 

B y S t e v e D u n l e a v y 
YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O SS 
73 Watched 
134 Ooze unit 
92 Pamper secretly 
1 35 Choose 
2o Traveler's 
93 Foreigner 
1 Forms 
74 Mail 
1 36 Endures stops 
94 Redact 
7 Fluent agency: 
1 38 English 
28 Wear 
95 Airplane 
11 Carnelian abbr basket away glue 
1 5 Current 
76 Asiatic 
139 Biblical 
32 Endearing 
98 Saves 
21 Soup songbirds animals term 
1oO Sea ingredient 
78 So 
141 Health 
34 Beating eagles 
22 Network 
Scottish resort 
37 Cloudy 
1o3 Rigid 
23 Threesome 
79 Burglaries 
1 42 Chinese 
38 Contempt 
1o5 Fencestep 
24 Heat 
2 wds mile exclamation 
1o7 Metal comb 
81 Sailors 
I 43 Poker 
4o Attempts bolt form dish winnings 
42 Lariat 
1o8 Assigns 
25 Synthetic 
83 Steps 
1 44 Rebel 
43 Trap places language 
85 Article 
147 Head 
45 Curved 
11o Nahoor 
26 Silent 
86 Food fish 
1 49 Current letters sheep greeting 
87 Amusement 
1 5o Lure 
47 Abstract 
11 2 Gloomy 
27 Springtime 
88 Brain 
1 52 Hawaiian being person gift 2 passages garlands 
48 Held fast 
114 Feminine wds 
89 Come 
1 53 Domestic 
49 Feeling garment 
29 Assist back slave 
51 Give 
116 Host 
3o Liquid 
91 Public 
1 54 Adhere weapons 
11 7 African measure blunder 
I 56 Ower 
53 Insect river abbr 
93 Alive 
157 'Sawbucks'' anteriors 
119 Insistance 
31 Ephesians 
96 Bother 
158 Female 
55 Priest s 
1 2o Refrigerated abbr. 
97 The ruffs garment 
121 Boreal 
33 Saltpeter 
Earth 
1 59 Over 
56 Restrain plant 
35 Three 
99 Saul s there 
57 Jacob’s 
122 Hamelin comb uncle son pest form 
IOO Sprites 
DOWN 
58 Relocates 
124 Odd old 
36 Clouds 
1o1 Commotion 
6o Encouraged chap 
38 Insect 
I o2 Angers 
1 Emphasize 
2 wds 
I 26 Circular 
39 Narrow 
1o4 Raises 
2 Gaudy 
63 Striving letters opening 
1o6 Small show against 
127 Surface 
41 Samovar dog 
3 Verb 
64 Cogwheel again 
42 Cuts oft 
1o8 Cut form 
65 Augments 
128 Room 
44 Picnic 
1o9 Aeries 
4 Forest 
67 Yarn divider pest 
I I I Counts god maker 
131 Marsh 
45 English calories 
5 Short 
68 Government bird title 
11 3 Eats in lacket agency 
133 Colorado 
46 Italian style 
6 Chemical abbr park resort 
1 1 4 Actress elements 
7o More 
I 36 Crazy 
48 Small fish 
Davis 
7 Verdant offensive slang 
5o Conflicts 
11 5 Determination 
8 Shakespearean 73 Dress 
I 37 Large 
52 Affronts 
1 18 California king part knife 
54 Glossy seaport 
9 Possessive 
75 Volunteered 
I 39 Girl s painters 
J 2o Bus pronoun 
77 Stalks name 
56 Concerns expenses 
1o Wager 
8o Aisatic 
14o Alone 
59 Hangman s 
2 wds 
1 I Military gazelle 
143 Peach knot 
I 23 Altricial braiding 
81 Michigan stone 
61 Feel waterways t 2 Square canal 
145 Misdeed blindly 
1 25 Great measure 
82 Pronoun 
146 Helm 
62 Consolidate speakers 
1 3 Outfits 
84 Brazilian position 
66 Exploits 
I 29 Norwegian 
14 Belief parrot 
148 Novelist 
67 Dickens saint 
I 5 Frighten 
86 Table 
Hecht character 
1 3o Printing 
16 The one wines 
1 51 Lung 
69 Revolutions^ measures here 
88 Stock disease 
Allen 
1 32 Rye 
1 7 Crimson purchasers abbr 
71 Hunt fungus 
I 8 Oral 
89 Downpour 
155 TV 
72 Legal 
1 33 Work pause 
9o Ireland commercial matter unit 
19 Electric 
91 Intellect 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

Blame liberals for seige 

The religion of Islam, I am prepared to believe, is as pure as Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism or 
Confucianism. 
But what is brutally impure* is sunn* punk terrorist using that religion to justify death and terror. 
I am talking of course about last month s outrage in Washington. D C.. in which a black reporter was killer! and OM hostages terrorized for two days. 
— 
Within hours of it ending, the leader of that carnage, a man who g iP ' by a name he was not born with. B anians Abdul Khaalis. was freely walking the streets. 
'I'his is happening while tile parents of M aurice Williams, a bright young reporter killed in the sickening orgy of violence, are wondering what to do with the dead boy’s clothes 
Khaalis has his headquarters in a house guarded by two men with sailers. How long could you or I stand outside our homes with swords liefore being arrested? 
I jolt our memo! ies back to that disgusting explosion of m indless rage to make a point. 
Two years ago, the loudmouthed liberals very effectively torpedoed the 
FBI. They pressured Washington into forcing the bureau to burn its file s on all groups and individuals it had under surveillance for very good reasons. 
This screamed the liberals, affronted citizens’ civil rights. 
Among groups the FBI was watching were militant black m uslim s like the one Khaalis heads. 
. 
The morning that triggered the seizure of the Washington hostages was coldly planned. The rest is bloody history. 
And suddenly, the flapping mouths of the liberals fell silent. I want to know why. 
If the FBI had been allowed to keep watching a man who made repeated threats to trigger just the monstrosity he engineered, perhaps Maurice 
Williams would be eating dinner at home tonight. 
If the FBI had been able to tap Khaalis’ telephone, this country would not have been forced into m aking one of the most incredible deals in criminal history. That”deal allowed him to go home before the hostages had managed to sip a cup of coffee in freedom. 
I don't understand promises made while guns are pointing at the heads of innocent people. Sure, if I had been there. I would have made a promise 
— and as soon as those people were free, slapped Khaalis and his gang in very strong irons. 
Were the authorities afraid of triggering further violence? W ell, if the 
FBI had been allowed to go about its business like its agents are trained to do, that danger would have liecn removed. lf the FBI tapped my telphone and found I was having an affair and used that evidence in a divorce case. I would join the liberals in their screams. 
But the Finis really are not interested in that They are interested in how to stop someone from killing someone else. 
And if they had been left alone, before the baleful wails of the punk liberals were heard in the h alls of the cap itol, that b la c k day in 
Washington probably would never have happened. 
Amazing 

While we are on the subject of liberals, I was amazed to see the New 
York Tim es give that failed Democratic presidential nominee, George 
McGovern, a platform to sing his praises of Fidel Castro. 
There it was in black and white, good old George calling that bearded bandit by his first name. He wanted to know why tile U.S. doesn’t open the way im m ediately for diplom atic relations by sending Cuba medicine, food, shoes and mechanical parts. 
Cuba in turn, the article suggests, could export ruin and ciga rs to the 
U.S. 
Thank God we didn t get you for president, chum. 
It would be great, wouldn’t it? Medical supplies, food, shoes and mechanical parts would come in handy for tile Cubans to launch another adventure like their invasion of Angolu. 
We know . George, how you feel about that sort of business, don’t we? 
After all, we knew how you felt about the U.S. tieing in Vietnam .) 
Of course, if we did help finance another Angola-type adventure, we would always bt* happy in the thought that we could get drunk on their rum and smoke ourselves to death. 
Good thinking, George. 
Ice cream brings headaches 

YOU can avoid headaches by lick- they are usually the ones who eat ing ice cream instead of gulping ice cream in large chunks." Dr. it down in bites, says a doctor 
Baskin said. 
A study bv Dr. Neil Raskin, as- 
He added that ice cream hea- sociate professor of neurology at daches occur when the cold the University of California at San chunks come in contact with the 
Francisco also found that children back of the roof of the mouth who suffer "ice cream '' headach- 
.-th,;., ~..... es, are much more likely to have doctor it mav be^verv in migraine Headaches in adod life. 
S ^ 
' m e ( r o T 
' c f V 
^ 

"The ice cream headache 
Generally, it s rather brief and usually occurs in children because lasts only a few seconds. ” 

- U t . ' * 
- J 
' * « f, ' * i * C ® v 5 ■: 
•; 
TMI SA N ANTONIO STAR— March 27. 19 7 7 
RAGE 17 

> 

"b 

I n 
OSCARS 
CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 

I Girl s nickname 
6 Perfect models 
12 Star in 
"Taxi driver” 
17 Trails 
22 Excessively 
23 — Renewal 
24 Speedy 
25 Oscar nominee movie 
2fi — Academy 
27 Girl s name 
28 of the 
Damned" 
3o Call it auits 
31 Scene of action 
32 — Tse-tung 
33 — Taylor 
34 Sheep disease 
35 Miss Fabray 
36 Language 
37 Gay song 
38 “Here’s — 
39 Pigeon pea 
41 Society miss 
43 — Chaney 
44 Suffix with Arm- 
45 Diamonds 
47 Girl s name 
49 — -teur. Pride 
51 Pains 
54 Hostelry 
55 "World 
58 — Br> liner 
Ac­ tor 
59 Entities 
61 Buttons or Skel­ ton 
62 Undo a wrong 
64 — tease 
6 6 the Year 
Nominees 
69 Togelher 
71 Yma —. Star 
73 Feudal servant 
74 
Street” 
75 Hebrew months 
77 Morgue term 
79 Insects 
Bl A protection 
83 "IJound for — 
84 Aside 
86 Short bark 
88 Approaches 
89 Contaminate 
9o "A rm 
” . 
91 Enemies 
92 “Us 
— 
— to 
You”. 
94 Women in white 
95 Fruit 
97 Vessel 
98 Cash on hand 

Some of the dues this week ore reloted to the Oscors, and showbiz stars like - 
163 Legislative 
Ty. Fr. 

99 Stumble 
1o1 Buddy 
1o2 Rested 
1o4 Sins 
1o5 Accidents at sea 
1o6 
The — Men 
1o8 Compass point. 
Pl 
1o9 Geboren 
IU Govt Group 
112 Cauterize 
114 HST birthplace 
116 Miss Farrow 
118 Male 
Oscar nominee 
122 Golf group 
124 Diving equip­ ment 
126 Refrigerates 
127 Male 
Oscar nominee 
128 Curtain 
129 Yearns 
131 Fish 
132 Bowling gadget 
133 Scorch 
134 What 1o6-A do 
136 Fem. 
Oscar nominee 
138 Period 
139 Coins 
14o Its capital Pan- jim 
141 Insect egg 
142 Lounges 

Last week's Giant solution 

 r n . 

145 Mammoth et a1 
146 Not qualified 
151 Vacillate 
154 Higher 
156 Compass point 
157 Heaths 
158 
Maria” . 
16o Muscles 
162 Exist 
Legis) body. 
165 Numbers Abbr. 
166 Candid 
168 Sass 
169 Onus 
171 "The — Set” 
172 Olla 
174 Supreme being 
175 Obscure 
176 Wicked fairy 
177 Hawk leashes 
179 Maj Air-line 
181 Family mem­ ber 
182 — Alamos 
183 Witticism 
184 Horatio —. 
185 Movie award 
186 "Network" Star 
188 Speaks 
19o NYC Mayor 
191 Of the nerves 
192 Oscar nominee 
Pie. 
1X1 Brings up 
194 Car accessory 
195 Superlative end­ ings 
196 Pres Eisenhow­ er 
197 Likewise 
198 
Taxi 
199 Sawbucks 
DOWN 
1 Famous painting 
2 Greed 
3 Merrymakers 
4 "Lee —”. Star 
5 
Cinders" 
7 "Network” Star 
8 Hence Lat. 
9 Mr Lincoln 
1o Lowlands dialect 
11 Escargot 
12 Mr Niven 
13 Lyric poems 
14 Negative vote 
15 " 
It For You 
Wholesale”. 
16 Feasted 
17 Lumbermen boots 
18 ** 
Men Or. . 

19 Teaching 
2o Disapproving sound 

V 
©CiilUM 

21 Perceives again 
27 In a frenzy 
29 Slaughter 
39 Deletes 
4o Hawaiian Island 
42 Chemical ele­ ment 
46 Antitoxin 
48 Massage 
49 Male star nomi­ nee 
5o Fem Star nomi­ nee 
52 3rd man in ring 
53 Tusk 
56 Pronoun 
57 “Simple — 
59 Of a stratum 
6o ” a whip”. 
62 Siren 
63 Alphabet letters 
65 
Noster”. 
67 Lecture Abbr. 
68 Rest 
69 Embellish 
7o — McCrea Actor 
72 Turncoats. 
Ar­ chaic 
75 Danger siren 
76 Took to court 
77 — Carroll 
78 “ 
Presidents 

8o Elders Abbr. 
82 Arrowroot 
83 Wild animal 
84 Translated 
85 Being Lat 
87 Dogwood name 
Pl 
91 Heating appara­ tus 

93 
Laurie Star 
95 More sordid 
% Savory 
96 Liberates 
1oo Prisoners of 
War Abbr 
1o1 Package. Abbr. 
1o3 Pewter coin 

Abbr 
1o7 Garment 
HO Sleeping area 
111 Ledger entries 
113 “ All Star 
115 Tart 
116 Sweets 
117 High card 
119 " 
Big Boy' 

12o Musical notes 
121 Thinkers 
122 "Jack- — \ 
123 All lit up 
125 Take a powder 
127 Of better quality 
13o Mr Maimer 
133 **— Beauties". 
134 Post-Graduate 
Course Abbr 
135 Pans summer 
137 Man s name 
139 Coolidge 
143 Money in Tokyo 
144 "Rockyy” Star 

145 Sharply outlined 
146 Holiday —. 
147 Tide movement 
148 Bathing area 
149 Flower oint­ ment 
15o Term. 
Elect, project 
152 Commit, con­ sign 
153 Status seekers 
155 Stirs up 
156 Oscar 
Movie nominee 
159 Approve 
161 Some electri­ cians 
163 " — Thomas” 
164 Kansas Capital 
166 
Taxi 
Driver” 
Star 
167 Survival —. 
17o Loved ones 
173 Singer 
Bennett et a1 
174 Pumpkin 
176 Crease 
178 Fem 
Title 
Abbr Sp. 
18o Bitter plant 
183 - Griffin 
184 See 19o-A 
187 Washington 
. 
189 Siam native 
OSCAR QUIZ ANSWERS 

I. L 
6, N - ll, D 
16. I 
2. F 
7, B 
12, S 
17, H 
3, R 
8, P 
13, C 
18. K 
4, A 
9, T 
14, J 
19, f: 
5, o 
IO. G 
15, Q 
2o M. 

WITH A DIFFERENCE... 
WILD LIFF: hunter Ian M. Johnstone reckons he has something different to offer Americans in the way of Faster eggs this year 
Johnstone, 46, of Durban, South Africa, who hunts and ships shark and whale teeth to clients in the 
U.S., now plans to ship ostrich eggs on a mail order basis. 
Johnstone, who aims to sell between I 2oo and I.* 
5oo ostrich eggs a year, said: ‘ The eggs, which are roughly 24 times the size of ordinary hen s eggs, make nobel and imaginative ornaments ” 

Star WHIRLY WORDS 
Tobotch 

PUZZLE 114 

T 
O 
G 
G 
A 
F 
R 
A 
C 
T 
I 
O N 

N 
Z 
D 
H 
T 
R 
A 
E 
D 
V 
M 
H 
O 

E 
O 
E 
V 
E 
N 
F 
S 
A 
S 
O 
M 
R 

N 
N 
S 
T 
E 
F 
E 
I 
R 
P 
S 
E 
T 

I 
O 
S 
H 
O 
W 
N 
G 
E 
I 
S 
F 
H 

T 
S 
O 
R 
S 
E 
H 
F 
I 
L 
U 
O 
E 

N 
P 
T 
V 
V 
I 
U 
I 
N 
L 
O 
U 
R 

O 
H 
D 
E 
I 
L 
L 
U 
S 
K 
I 
N L 

C 
E 
R 
I 
E 
D 
U 
O 
R 
P 
P 
D 
Y 

B 
R 
E 
N 
O 
T 
M 
R 
O 
R 
E 
E 
A 

U 
E 
H 
T 
A 
E 
H 
S 
E 
F 
A 
R 
P 

S K 
I 
L 
L 
R 
E 
D 
N 
A 
U 
Q 
S 

CLUE: "O C EA N BOAT” 

 h o w t o p l a t 
Solution: 7 Letters 

A il th * w ord* ■••tao balow *p p * * r to th * p u m a — h o riz o n ta lly 
•a p ic a lly d ia g o na lly a ,a n backw ards fin d thorn and c irc a th * ir 
'a»*ar* 
Tho laM oyar ta tte r* span th * S tarw ord 

Hearth 
Diligent 

E ffort 
Even 

Faggot 
Foolish 
Founder 
Fraction 
F ulsom e 

Hopeful 

I ure 

Moss 

Never 
Northerly 

O/onosphere 

Pious 
Proud 

Reins 

 sheath show n skill 
Skill 

Spay spill 
Squander 
Subcontinent 
Sullied 

Teeth 
Tone 
Tossed 

\ ain 
Vein 

Whisper 

 t ad Week’* Answer: CRUISER 
J S T - . 
Z U B E 

STAR GOSSIP 
A face not even a mother could love 

THIS baby aardvark, a type of African anteater, born recently at the Point Defiance Zoo in Tacoma, Wash., has been abandoned by its mother. But the infant has a foster home. It is being cared for bv zoo director Norm Winnick. 

Chad Everett: Accused by airline attendant. 

CHAD 
EV ERETT, 
4o, who rose to fame tending wounds on TV’s Medical Center, has been charged by an airline at­ tendant with inflicting them. 
The alleged assault and battery occurred at I/>s Angeles airport after a flight from Chicago, says 
25-year-old 
John 
O’Donnell of 
United Airlines. 
He told police that Everett beat him with both fists after he and the actor exchanged words on landing. Police were called in but O'Donnell refused to press charges But he changed his mind later. 
ROMAN POLANSKI, accused of rape and drug charges involv­ ing a 13-year-old girl, faces 5o years in the same prison — Sole­ dad — as Charles Manson, if con­ victed. 
JOHNNY 
CARSON’S obse- 
Scientists race to find new artificial sweetener as diet groups fight saccharin ban 

THE race is on to develop a new artificial sweetener to replace saccharin—due to be banned in July. 

Scientists have come up with three possible replacements for the popular sugar substitute which is being used widely in low- calorie foods and beverages 

But diet organizations are fu­ rious at the proposed saccharin ban and are lobbying lawmakers on Capitol Hill to have it over­ turned 

The Government plans to take saccharin off supermarket shelves because tests carried out in Canada show that massive dos­ es of the substance can cause bladder cancer in rats. 

Although there is no evidence that saccharin is harmful to hu­ mans, the law bans any food addr live that can cause cancer in ani­ mals 

Likeliest candidate to replace saccharin if the ban is applied is an extract of grapefruit ami or-' h a tongue-twister 

By CHRISTINA KIRK 

 ange rinds wit! name—neohe .peridine chalcone dihydro- 

The extract is 1.5oo times swee­ ter than sugar and has no calor­ ies. But it does have other prob­ lems including a slightly metallic, citrus-type flavor with a some times bitter aftertaste. 

The substance has been under­ going tests ever since it was dis­ covered in 1965 None has shown it causes cancer. 

“ It would be premature to say it’s on the verge of approval,” said a spokesman for the U S 
Food and Drug Administration 
“ But if the test data were accept­ able. it could be approved in a pc nod of months ” 

Though several diet food manu­ facturers have expressed interest in the substance. Arthur Morgan of the U S Department of Agri­ culture warned it would have “a restricted i'" iness.” 

Soft d. wigs made from it. he said. “ would involve big depar­ tures from established flavor pat­ terns 

“ You won t do that in a hurry' 
The soft drink makers are ex­ tremely protective of the flavor in their products 
They’ve spent enough to establish them ” 

Another fruit-based sweetener waiting in the wings is Fruitalose. developed by Guardian Chemical 
Corp . Hauppage, N Y. 

Guardian said Fruitalose con sits mainly of fructose, a natural sugar in many fruits including or* 

Chad Everett charged after airport fight 

 anges and tomatoes 
Guardian said Fruitalose has as many calories as sugar but twice the sweetening power. It could provide the equivalent sweetness of sugar with only half sugar's calories. 
A third possible sugar substi­ tute is xylitol, a natural sweetener present in many plants and in the human body Xylitol has an inter esting plus Its Finnish developers say it curbs tooth decay. 
That's a claim the PDA isn t ready to accept without two or three years of testing And even if the government approves xylitol, its use probably will be limited to sweetening gum. candy lozenges and chocolate bars 
The substance doesn’t appear practical as an all purpose sugar substitute since it has as many calories as sugar and is extreme­ ly expensive to produce. 
Meanwhile, pressure is mount­ ing for the FDA to reconsider the proposed saccharin ban 
Diet groups are directing their pressure at Congress to rewrite the controversial 
Delaney 
Amendment that bans the use of food additives that can cause can cer. even in animals. 

Top cop joins hunt 
HENRY Morgan is quitting as po­ lice chief o f the Madill, Okla.. force, because the job “ didn’t leave me enough time to hunt rac­ coons.” 

 quious sidekick ED MC MAHON is suing the apartment owners, his neighbors and the makers of a heater unit which allegedly start­ ed a fire which gutted his home at 
Marina del Rey, Los Angeles. He wants at least $2oo,ooo for the loss of what he calls irreplaceable items of sentiment, and tor shock, fright, anguish, anxiety, grief, dis­ tress, indignity, personal humilia­ tion, discomfort, annoyance and mental suffering. 
The biggest fight on TV now is between producer-writer 
NOR­ 
MAN LEAR and LOUISE LAS- ser, star of Lear’s Mary Hartman series. 
She has told him that she will 
3uit the show unless he begins to evelop film projects for her. 
Lear has retorted that he doesn't do movies and he will hold her to her contract — especially as there is pressure from local sta­ tion executives not to let her go. 
Meanwhile, 
Louise's co-star 
IX)RLTTA 
HAGG ERS has so many film. TV and recording commitments she is tipped to be the new MARY TYLER MOORE. 
Recently she had to sneak out of Hollywood to go on a vacation with boyfriend BILL NORTON. 
Her agent, publicity representa­ tive and manager wanted her to stay in town to cash in on her newly-found fame. 

★ ★ ★ 
Velvet voiced DEAN MARTIN has forgiven England and agreed to perform at a special Jubilee concert for Queen Elizabeth in london later this year. He hasn t been back since he and JERRY 
LEWIS were booed when they ap­ peared at the famed London Pal­ ladium 24 years ago 
An angry RICHARD JORDAN, who starred in TV’s Captains And 
The Kings, flew off to Tahiti with­ out telling anyone when he discov­ ered his agent had lined up anew 
TV series for him. 
He stayed incommunicado for three weeks and on his return got 

 par- 

 a promise from his manager and agent that they would only ar­ range for him to do films in fu­ ture. 
MARGARET 
TRUDEAU. wife of the Canadian Prime Min­ ister. gets her first assignment in her tow career as a photo-jour­ nalist ne .t month. She will photo­ graph actress SOPHIA LOREN in 
Paris. 
DAVID SOLI., the blond half of 
Starsky And Hutch, admits to being a miser — except for one extravagance he still insists on having toe ice cubes in his refrig­ erator made from imported bot­ tled French water And that, he adds, cost $2 a tray full. 
CHER is very much on BIANCA 
JAGGER’S black list because she suspects her of having amo­ rous designs on Mick. She also re­ members that the TV superstar embarrassed her by calling her 
Binaca at a swish Hollywood ty 
Leggy 
VALERIE 
PERRINE tum eaup arm-in-arm at Coppers. a fashionable English pub on 
Manhattan's eastsiae, with Wall 
Street stockbroker Michael Mee­ han. 
The same night, MIA FAR­ 
ROW’S sister Tisa dropped in with a cast and crew of a new film. Fingers, which is partly being shot in an apartment hullo­ ing a block away 
MARLON BRANDO is baffling friends and foes alike in the Phil­ ippines where, on the set of Apo­ calypse Now. he refused to play opposite hippie actor Dennis Hop­ per. Not until one has completed his scene can the other go in front of the cameras. 
And when Brando goes on to 
London to film Superman, the set will be closed to all but cast and crew for three weeks while he works for his staggering $3 6 mil­ lion paycheck. 
CARROLL O’CONNOR’S warn ing to fnends not to cooperate with ARTHUR MARX, who is writing a biography of the AU In 

Peter Strauss, looking as suave as the character he played on the hit TV series Rich Man, Poor Man, attends a party In Los Angeles with his wife Beverly. 

 by Winston Daniel 

 sineiBGra anna a n R ic iE in r a d a n a 
■ 
K 
In lo lo H e 1a Is It Te Ir f g bi Binaaa a a a ■ 

 t Ir I e 
M F I P aT m 
M A n r p J 

 n n m n ra m ra a a ix iiin iJiB n m a a n a m nmannaa annnanaaa p n n H H a a a a a a n a n a c a m a r a a m a n n ; i a n a a n a n a s 

F S H S C R O O G F a aranara aaa 

 n e o G C B G s aaa 
□ b c h 
U U U 
QU I 
BB CUHBB UU J UfcJfcJUtJ BHB 
D b e d utauiuuauau B u y BB 
EB B B B UHUH HHKIB UBUUQB 
B U B U H I 
Tiq N IS M 
R | E |E i SM 
Y1o|N |D lE |R l 

MALE 
MODELING 
The Barbion School announces its complete mole modeling program including TV 
WORKSHOP, Photo­ graphic Modeling and 
Fashion Showing. 
CLASSES FO RM IN G 
N O W . For full informa­ tion without obligation. 
Mail this coupon or 
PHONE: (512) 824-4391 
JttLM K fciIQ N _"£ flQ 9 i 
PHONE ( 5 1 2 ) 8 2 4 -4 2 9 V 
8/oo (foothill Von Antoine, foot dept. I 

 oddress 

 photic 

 a , JA C K IE ON ASSIS is always complain­ e r ing about how people stare at her in the street. W ell, the other day she popped in­ to a magazine shop on New York’s Madison 
Avenue to pick up a newspaper and spotted another customer browsing through the magazines. It was GRETA GARBO — and 
Jackie just stood and stared like the rest of us. Garbo shot her a dirty look and stalked out. 

Farrah gets sued after quitting Angels 

FARRAH 
FAWCETT-MA- 
JORS is facing a court battle over her decision to quit TV’s 
Charlie’s Angels. 
Spellberg-Goldberg Productions have gone to court to persuade 
Farrah to show up when shooting begins in May on the second year of the show. 
The star who wants 
$15o.- 
OOO-per-episode instead of the 

$5,ooo-per-episode she got last season, has been hit with a breach of contract suit. • 
STEV E 
McQUEENS* illus­ trious partners in the new film company First Artists — PAUL 
NEWMAN, BA RBRA 
STREIS- 

 be the live-in girlfriend of director Peter Bogdanovich, who , incidentally, introduced them. 

AND. 
SID NEY 
PO IT IER and 
DUSTIN HOFFMAN - are ready to wash their hands of him. 
The five have been bickering for months hut the final straw was reached when McQueen in­ sisted on making the ultra-heavy 
Ibsen's Enemy Of The People. 
Studio head Phil Feldman told him in no uncertain terms that 
First Artists would not help fi­ nance the project. 
Now McQueen has told his part­ ners that if they don’t let him make another hard-to-understand tragedy, The Birthday Party by 
Harold Pinter, he’ll leave the company altogether. 
K IR K DOUGLAS w ill be hon­ ored by the Friars on TV at New 
York’s Americana 
Hotel next month — and to make sure the ratings are good, his son M I­ 
CHAEL DOUGLAS, BARBARA 
W ALTERS, 
JOHN 
CHANCEL­ 
LOR and 
HOWARD COSE LL, w ill give tribute. 

CARTER 
PUZZLE SOLUTION 

The new man In the life of Ursula Andress seems to be actor Michael Sarrazin, seen here with the Swiss bomb­ shell. They met a year ago while filming Scaramouche. 

The Fam ily star, brought this re­ ply from Marx: “ I’m more deter­ mined than ever to complete the book. Nobody is good enough or had enough to tell the truth about himself. O'Connor is a public fig­ ure and I’m a legitimate w riter/’ 
Remember blonde golfer 
LAURA BAUGH doing a tooth­ paste commercial that asked her: 
“ How’s your love life?” 
The 21-year-old now complains that she’s so busy on the circuit that her social life is as gloomy as it was depicted in the commer­ cial. 
“ Except for two weeks of the year, I spend my time on the road” said the $2oo,ooo-a-year sportswoman. 
“ I have to be asleep by IO p.m., so I have no time for dating.” 

★ 
★ 
★ 
MARY T Y LER MOORE is the latest in the conveyor belt of TV stars who believe their future is in feature turns. Mary, with the help of husband, producer 
GRANT TIN KER, wants to model her career on that of the late, 
E eat movie comedienne Carole imbard. 
Heavyweight champion 
MU­ 
HAMMAD A LI so impressed Col­ umbia film executives with his acting debut in the film about his life that he has been offered the title role in Brown Bomber, the long awaited story of ex-champ 
JO E LOUIS. 
BRIG IT TE 
BARDOT has bought a house in Malibu in readi­ ness for her visit to America to make the movie version of IRV­ 
ING W ALLACE’S The Fan Club 
She d originally agreed to play 

 the role of a kidnapped sex sym­ bol only if it was shot in France bu changed her mind when Col­ umbia 
Pictures and producer 
LAW RENCE GORDON agreed to the price of a home on to her ion dollar salary. 
The Hollywood love merry-go- round has stopped again with 
W ARREN 
BEATTY’S ex girl friend 
M ICH ELLE 
PH ILLIPS being courted by 22-year-old Itali­ an CARLO NASI. 
She used to be married to song­ writer JOHN PH ILLIPS who is now hitched to actress G EN E­ 
V IEV E W AITE, while Warren is dating KATE JACKSON - or is it 
JU L IE C H RISTIE? 
Ex Beatle RINGO STARR is ecstatic when it comes to octogen­ arian M AE WEST who plays his elderly wife in the new film Sex­ tette. 

"She’s old enough to be my grandmother, so it s sort of em­ barrassing to say this, but she s bloody attractive,” he says. “ In the film , Mae is so fantastic she just wipes the rest of us out.” The rest includes another five hus­ bands. 

The friendship between ANGIE 
DICKINSON and DAVID JANS- 
SEN has developed somewhat in the past few weeks since they originally teamed up to do an 
NBC-TV movie. 

Now they are being seen out to­ gether in Hollywood nightspots and the perennially beautiful Po­ licewoman has been a guest at his hotel suite. 

I olIona co atn b u lio 'ts by C hu rl** ( »m «r, 
I'tulip Kina and Rotan U w h . 

GEORGIA 
BACKING in von 

H ALF the Congressmen from 
President Carter’s home state, in­ cluding the one from Plains, Ga., voted against the President in his first major House test. 

Only five of Georgia’s IO Con gressmen voted for his proposal to increase federal spending by 
$19 billion. 

And all of the Congressmen from the state—like Carter, him­ self—are Democrats. 

“ I didn’t vote Republican,’’ said 
Rep. Jack Brinkley, who repre­ sents Plains. “ I simply did not support the 
Administration’s 

“ I pretty much favor a bal anced budget," Brinkley told THE 
STAR. “ The fact that Jim m y 
Carter lives in my district made absolutely no difference.” 

Carter maintains the spending hike w ill help stimulate the econcK my. 

But Republicans favored cutting tax rates by $19 billion, a move they claimed would result in a 
22.5 per cent across-the-board cut rn personal income taxes In the end. Carter’s plan won 258 to 148 

But 22 Democrats supported the 
GOP alternative. 

The White House press office said Carter had no reaction to los­ ing the votes of half the congress men from his home state on the important measure. 

Have a nice la$tefl 
J@SKE’S 

^ w * I'N’T Of At LIED STOHt 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Swingy pleats. . . a jaunty look in a soft skirt of Qiana® 
2ooo 

The classic pleated skirt, with the ease and flexibility of 
Q ian a1 nylon. Top it with a satiny print blouse, a stretchy knit T, or the newest blouson style for a flowing effect. You'll feel breezy and comfortable in these supple pleats that are even machine washable. In navy or white, sizes 8-18, 2o.oo 
Sun Country Sportswear, Downtown, North 
Star, Windsor Park, Austin Highland Mall. 
Charge it!